
ELSEWHERE 

"Peltalon to Head 
s .... for ChmceIIor 
SANTA BARBARA - An 
advisory committee lead by 
University of California 
President Jack Peltason has 
been formed to help search for 
a new chancellor at UC Santa 
Barbara. Peltason appointed the 
16-member committee after 
UCSB Chancellor Barbara 
Uehling decided to retire by 
July, 1994. After narrowing 
down the number of candi-
dates,the committee will meet 
at UCSB with representatives 
from faculty, staff, students, 
alumni and local leaders. 

H"owe. Fesllwttles 
.., be Scaled Back 
SANTA BARBARA - Citing 
the "very explosive, very 
dangerous" potential of the 
annual Halloween celebration 
in Isla Vista. Santa Barbara 
Sheriff Jim Thomas is attempt-
ing to tame the festiviles this 
year. Thomas has sponsored a 
proposal that would allow him 
to restrict access to the town 
by closing roads, increase fines 
and ban all amplified music. 
UCSB students are protesting 
the proposed ban on amplified 
music, claiming that it 
infringes upon their right to 
freedom of speech. 

Prostitution Ring 
Busted at ArIzona 
TUSCON, AZ-Three male 
students were arrested on Sept. 
15 on suspicion of running a 
prostitution ring from their 
university-area house. The men 
were charged after a 19-year-
old female employee of the 
dating service the men claimed 
to be running agreed to have sex 
with an undercover police 
officer for a price. According to 
Detective Michael Acosta of 
the Tucson Police, the service 
consisted of one male and fi ve 
females who charged from 
$120to$150 per hour. It has 
not yet been determined 
whether or not any of the 
employees attend the Univer-
sity of Arizona. 

INSIDE 

DIVERSITY 
OPINION: The debate on 
open-mindedness on 
campus continues I 

SPORTS: Women's 
soccer triumphed twice 
last week 21 

I N D • X 

UCSD BRIEFS ............ .. ............... 2 
OPINION ........... ................. ....... 4 
CALENDAR .............................. 16 
CLASSIFIEDS ..................... ...... 24 
SPORTS ...... ....................... .. .... ZI 

SED 

UCSANDIEGO 

...... 1 ...., _ effect 
of"' ____ n • 

.............. After_ 

................. of 

..... w •• I~ ....... 
_ooc.....,...,. 
....., ............. 
To""'C4I...-c_ 
............... .,..... 
of infection .. _I., 
to tIuIt of

J 
.. ......, 

......... _. ooId or 
flu. 

, H E 

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 27,1993 

SPECIAL REPORT: 
HANTAVIRUS 

UCSD graduate student dies from old but 
mysterious disease while researchers try to 
unkxk its secrets 

By Dan Krauss 
&nior Staff W,*, 

n enigmatic virus that has 
stumped researchers and 
left more than 10 people 
dead in the Southwest 
claimed the life ofUCSD 
graduate student Jeanne 
Messier this summer. The 
third-year biology student 
was infected with the virus 

while conducting research for her thesis at the 
University of California's Valentine Reserve near 
Mammoth, California. 

The virus, known clinically as a hantavirus, is 
carried by rodents. It has been determined to exist in 
animals such as chipmunks and hamsters but is most 
widespread in the deer mouse population. The parasite 
is transmitted through the animals' excrement and can 
become airborne when the rodent droppings dry out. 

The Centers for Disease Control (CDC), the lead 
See VIRUS, Page 10 

c 

VOLUME 80, J UE 2 

Judge Rules 
In Favor of 
Burnett 
SUIT: University Center Advisory 
Board will have to pay university 's 
legal bills for year-long fee fight 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD administration's legal motion to 
obtain $38,000 in sanctions from UCSD alum-
nus Chris Bumert was denied by tate uperior 
Court Judge Wayne L. Peter" n in n July hear-
ing. 

The ruling ended a year-long saga of meet-
ings, motions and c u ntermot ions overt he q ues-
tion of student autonomy and who ha~ the right 
to control the $37.50 per tu" 'I t activity fee. 

The admini tration filed the motion to re-
cover legal fees incurred during Burnett 's un-
successful lawsuit forstudent con trol offees last 
year. Bumett sued the Board of Regents to 
reestablish the U ni versity Center Board (U B), 
a student governing body that had been 
"disestablished" by Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph Watson in Febnlllry. 

The administration's $38,000 legal tab will 
be picked up by the University Center Advisory 
Board (UCAB), which has advisory control of 
the $37.50 fee . The UCAB also allocated an 
additional $2,500 last year to help the adminis-
tration recover the money from Bumetl. 

As former chair of the UCB, Burnett had 
mairltained that the board had actual control of 
the $37.50 fee, while the admin istration said the 
UCB was merely an advisolY body. 

Last February, Watson replaced the defunct 
UCB with the UCAB, which clearly has only an 
advisory role to theadministration. Burnett filed 
suit for student control of the fee. 

The admini tration later filed a motion to 
recover the money it had used to successfully 
fight Burnett's claim, say ing Burnett's lawsuit 
had been "frivolous." 

In his July opinion, Peterson said, " I don' t 
share [the administration 's] view that the law-
suit was brought frivolously or based upon 
shifting sands. I think that students have the 
right to bring this action and particularly in 

See BURNETT, Page 13 

SmaIl but Enthusiastic 
Crowd Attends 'Playfair' 
By PhIlip Michaels 
News Editor 

"Playfair," a campus-wide Wel-
come Week activity which replaced 
the l5-year-old Un-Olympics, de-
buted on Wednesday to an enthusi-
astic reaction from students and or-
ganizers in spite of a significwit 
drop in attendance from last year. 

Director of Student Organiza-
tions and Leadership Opportunities 
and Welcome Week Committee 
Chair YolBQda Garcia estimated that 
between 400 and 500 students at-
tended "Playfair," far short of the 
1,300 that attended the Un-Olym-
pics in 1992. 

Regardless of the decrease in 

attendance, many organizers and 
administrators were pleased with 
the event. "The students that are 
here seem to be having tun," Garcia 
said. 

Fifth College's acting Dean of 
Students Deana Slater agreed. "It 
looks like students are having a great 
time. It's a great way to have fun on 
a sunny day," she said. 

"It's probably the best thing 
they've done by far [during Wel-
come Week]," said Warren College 
freshman Jesse Gros, who called for 
more Welcome Week activities 
where new students could meet one 
another. 

With the theme of "Five CoI-

Jason RitChie/GuardIan 
A hoard of students participated In "PJayfalr" at Muir Reid. 
leges - One Community," 
"Playfair" was intended to promote 
campus unity while allowing stu-
dents to get to know one another. 
TIle Un-Olympics had corne under 
criticism from admini trators for 

pilling colleges against one another 
and for a low level of student par-
ticip<ltion. 

"The whole of ideu of ' Playfair' 
is to give all of you a chance to meet 

See PLAYFAIR, Page 9 



2 NEW 

UCSD Theatre Professor 
Nabs Tony for Ughting Design 
FACULTY: Christopher Pany recognized for his work 
on Broadway production of The Who's Tommy 
By StephanIe SImon murder," Parry explained. 
Guardian Reporter 

Drama Professor Christopher 
Parry couldn ' t believe his ears that 
night last June when the presenter 
announced his name. "There's a 
moment of unreality when you 
don't believe it's you. It took a 
wh ile for it to sink in," Parry said. 

Professor Deborah Dryden, who 
teaches costume design at UCSD, 
agreed with Purry about the com-
plexitiesofdesign. "We've become 
a much more visual society. It's 
harder for an audience to see and 
understand what light is," Dryden 
said . . 

It wasn' t until a 
terrified Parry gave 

hi~ accep tance 
~peech and Ie rt the 
stage that it linally 
hit him - he had 
ju~t won a Tony 
award. recognizing 
hi s tlccompl ish-
ments in planning 
and designing stage 
ligh ting for the 
Broadway produc-
tion of The Who's 
TOll/my. 

" 't was very ex-
citing," Parry said. 

This wasthe first 
Tony for Parry, a 
lighting design pro· 
fessorwith UCSD's 
Depal1mentofThe-
atre. He had been 
nominated for the 
highly prestigious 
award once before 
in 1987 for Ihe 
lighting design of 
the stage version of 
L es Liaiso lls 
D allgC'/'{' //JC.I' . 

But l ighting de-
sign is nothing new 

"I can't tell you 
why my design 
stood out. It 
would take a 
whole class. You 
have no Idea 
when you're 
doing It what 
will turn out. It 
really has to do 
with the 
psychological 
feel of the show, 
plus a certain 
amount of 

to Parry. The En- intuition. " 

"But itcandoso 
much in creating 
moodjustby direc-
tion and color of 
light. It 's so subtle 
that most of the au-
dience members 
won ' t notice it con-
sciously." she 
added. 

Accordin g to 
Parry. this subtle. 
uncertain factor 
about lighting can 
make it difficult to 
teach students how 
tocreate good light-
ing designs. 

" When I ' m 
look ing at students' 
work, I can guide 
them, but I can ' tdo 
their work forthem. 
When they ask me, 
• is this a good de-
sign or a bad de-
sign: all I can suy 
is whether it is ap-
propriate or not," 
said Parry. 

"As in every 
kind of all , there is 
the craft side and 
the al1istic side. Al-

g li s h - b 0 r n -Chrl t h P most anybody can soper any, 
Professor's resume be taught the craft Drama Professor includes 13yearsof elemcnt. The artis-
experience in de- ticelementcanonly 
signing the lighting for the Royal be developed in them. not taught." 
Shakespeare Company. as well as he said. 
a handful of productions locally at Design students don' t seem to 
the La Jolla Pl ayhouse, where mind this, though. Christopher 
TOll/lilY debuted in the summer of KOl1um, a third-year Theatre De-
1992. It was his connection to one sign graduate student, appreciates 
of the directors at the Playhouse the independence and individual-
that got him involved as the light- ity that Parry 's teaching allows. as 
ins designer for TOll/my. well as all the practic~ll . hands-on 

" I can' t tell you why my design experience which the design pro-
stood out. It would take ,\ whole gram offers. 
class. You have no idea when you're " IParry has! gor a very cri sp 
doing it what will turn out." style that 's inspired me somewhat; 
Parrys'lid. nor complelely, because I have my 

"It really hus to do with the own style.lThe design program] is 
psychological feel of the show, plus good because it allows students to 
a cel1ain amount of intuition. In develop as individuals. No dogma 
TUlllmy. I tried to use color to em- is forced on the students," said 
phasize the strange, autistic feel- Kortum. 
ings I the main character! was feel- Parry's next project will be to 
ing and the stmnge things he en- redesign Tvm",y for its touring pro-
counters inside his head, what is duction. "Theatre is never a carbon 
going on. I decided to use very copy of itself. Theatre is a living 
strong primary colors from the organism, constantly changing," 
moment where he witnesses the said Parry. 

The VCSD Guardian Mo nt IllY . , "pt,·III!.."· 27. I t)9:~ 

ETCETERA ... 

David Cho/ Guan:Jian 
ConstructIon continues on the Recreational/Intramural Athletic Complex (RIMAC), which will be 
completed In 1994. For more constructIon Information, please see the related story on page three. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

International Center Volunteers Honored 
Seven volunteers at UCSD's Intemational Center 

were presented with the Chancellor's Intemational Cen-
ter Awards in recognition of their contributions to the 
center and its programs. 

The awards were given out by Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson at the Friends of the Intemational Center 
Annual Dinner held earlier this summer. 

Those honored include: 
• Dottie Conway, Member of the Year; 
• Leila Bleecker, Sylvia Sum, Ai Tanaka, Merwin 
Videna, Organization of the Year; 
• Takako Byars, New Volunteer of the Year; 
• Jeanette Henderson, Tutor of the Year; 
• James Henderson, Host Family of the Year; 
• Richard Muus, Jill Wright, Study Abroad Returnee 

.of the Year; 
• Earl Smith, International Club Member of the Year. 
In addition, the Friends ofthe Intemational Center at 

UCSD awarded $14,000 in scholarships to UCSD stu-
dents. Of the total amount. $5,000 was presented to 
international graduate students and $9,ooowas awarded 
to U.S. students who will study abroad. 

Crafts Center Faculty Exhibit 
Opens Tomorrow at the Grove 

Works by the faculty of UCSD's Crafts Center will be 
displayed beginning tomorrow at the center's Grove 
Gallery. The exhibit. which runs through Oct. 30, will 
feature artwork and crafts including neon, metalwork, 
photography, drawings, jewelry, Bonsai, basketry and 
ceramics. An opening reception will be held on Friday, 
Oct. 1 from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. The free reception will be 
open to the public. 

The Grove Gallery is open Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and on Saturday from noon to 5 
p.m. For more information, call 534-2637. 

Supervisor Slater looking for 
College Student Interns 

Third District County Supervisor Pam Slater an-
nounced that her office is accepting applications from 
college students interested in fall intemship positions. 
The application deadline is Oct. 1. 

"Intemships are invaluable leaming experiences for 
college students. It's an opportunity for hands-on expe-
rience in county govemment and a wiJy to become more 
involved in issues that affect our neighborhoods and 
communities,· Slater said. 

Interested candidates should send resumes to Slater 
at the San Diego County Board of Supervisors, 1600 
Pacific Highway, Room 335, San Diego, CA 92101. 

Griest Receives Outstanding 
Junior Investigator Award 

Kim Griest. an assistant professor of physics at 
UCSD. received an Outstanding Junior Investigator 
Award from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The 
award recognizes his contributions to the field of high· 
energy physics. 

Griest's research focuses on the search for dark 
matter - the unknown material believed to make up 90 
to 95 percent of matter in the universe. His work 
indicated that supersymmetirc particles make one of 
the best dark matter candidates and calculated how 
they might be detected. 

The DOE award gives j unior faculty members direct 
control over research funds to accommodate their 
specifIC needs and to increase their independence in 
formulating and pursuing their own research goals. 
Griest was one of seven scientists nationwide to receive 
the award in 1993. 

UCSD Appoints New Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Personnel 

Roger Davis, formerly the director of human re-
sources at the University of Pennsylvania, was ap-
pointed assistant vice chancellor of personnel at UCSD. 

Davis will be responsible for providing leadership in 
the implementation of the human resources program, 
including recruitment and retention strategies, em-
ployee and labor relations, staff development and 
training, and benefits and career counseling. 

"Roger Davis is a very capable and well·seasoned 
human resources professional who has demonstrated 
a clear talent in the area of human resource manage-
ment in a university environment," said Vice Chancellor 
for Business Affairs Steven Relyea. 

"At UCSD, he will playa leadership role in the 
maintenance of a positive, productive and ethical work 
environment and a diverse and pluralistic workforce .. 
Relyea added. 

Internships Available with 
Local Assemblyman Goldsmith 

Assemblyman Jan Goldsmith, who represents the 
75th District which includes Poway and eastern San 
Diego County, is offering several internships for college 
students interested in local government. The openings 
are available in the district office in Poway for college 
juniors and seniors. 

Interested students should contact Goldsmith 's 
office at 486-5191. 

~ ocsoGt.<rU! Is ~ ~ iJ1CIlImdiIIS do.n'C Ite IaIIernc Ita' I¥ iJ1CIlor Ite SWder!S 
OI OCSO. ~«IIiS_ iIl 8r¥bm._ In _or ln _~permlssiorIls 
strictly PIChilit<d. ) 1991 aI ~ _ ~ ocso Go.wUIIs "" ItSjlIII5Iif lor Ite _ « 
t.nSOIIa1ed ~ or ~ The,;ews t~ ill ~ ;,tel SjfleclIenerS or oonrnerIIfts I» "" 
re<:rniJiIy _ Ite _ 01 ~ ocso Gu.Ydi.It Ite l.WIersitr« CaIiIornIa. or Ite As3Odlle<l 

SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 
REN~ BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 

MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
ELAINE CAMUSO, Associate News Editor 

DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS: Ben Boychuk. Karen Cheng. Gaye Johnson. Dan 
Krauss. Ken Perlman. Care Udell. Greu Wrenn 
ILUIITRATORS: Mlcha Croft. Roger Kuo. DominiC Lobbia. AI Spong 
DESIGNERS: Wilson Cheung, Marcus Lobbla. Christopher Lock 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: Dan McDowell. Jason Ritchie 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
ADVERTlStN8 ASSISTANT: Tara Eoff 
CtRCULAnON ASSISTANTS: Craig Stokle 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

BEN BOYCHUK, Classified Representative SWoenlS The t.(SD Gu.1'rfo7I ls f\r()eO 5(jfIj I¥ -54 Ron _ ~ Ite dW1I. iJ1CI tells Ite 
_to tat I'isMl 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

BRIAN K. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 
ARON MILLER, Associate Sports Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 
JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 

Editorial: 5~580. BUSiness Office: 534-3466. FBlt : 534-7691 
UCSD Gua""", 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actual toe.tion: Sfteond Floor, ucso Student c.nter BUIld"" ' A.' 

Monday, September 27, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Less Construction Slated for Future 
.... NII: Brand new 
facilities will be fmished 
in spite of budget crunch 
By Francllco DeVrIes 
Senior Staff Writer 

Even as several new multi-mil-
lion dollar buildings spring up 
around campus, UCSD administra-
tors are planning fewer new projects 
as funding forconstruction dwindles 
and enrollment stagnates. 

According to Assistant Vice 
Cl!ancellorofDesign and Construc-
tion Boone Hellmann, both state 
and non-state funding sources are 
becoming harder to come by as the 
economic climate in California 
worsens. 

Effectively, construction fund-
ing has been "cut down on both 
sides." Hellmann said. 

The anticipated decline of stu-
dent enrollment has also reduced 
the need for new facilities. as has 
increasing voter reluctance to pass 
bond measures used to finance large 
projects. 

Despite the recent cutbacks, 
Hellmann says that all new facilities 
on campus will be fully occupied. 

Funding problems at other Uni-
versity ofCalifomiacampuses, such 
as Santa Barbara, have led to new 
buildings standing vacant long after 
their completion. 

While many students have com-
plained about the endless construc-
tion noises and dust, Hellmann said 
that the "first priority with any of 
our construction projects is to con-
sider the impact on the campus com-

Building a University 
Here is a map of some of the sites currently under 
construction on carnpllls: 

munity." 
Hellmann added that he hopes 

"people understand [that dust and 
noise) are part of the process." 

Most construction and mainte-
nance done on student housing is 
completed during student breaks, 
and construction is scaled back dur-
ing finals week to avoid such dis-
ruptions, he said. 

UCSD architecture, which has 
often been maligned as a testament 
to bad taste and concrete, has also 
recently been honored in architec-
ture trade journals for some of the 

Rere llruckner/Gtmt., 

more recent buildings, according to 
Hellmann. 

The Marshall College residen-
tial housing, the unfinished Institute 
for Geophysics and Planetary Phys-
ics (IGPP2) on the Scripps Institu-
tion of Oceanography campus and 
parts of the Hillcrest Medical Cen-
ter have all been recognized. 

The move to create a more archi-
tecturally pleasing campus has been 
a goal of campus planners, accord-
ing to Hellmann. "In 25 years time 
[UCSD] will be a very, very fine 
campus," he said. 

MTV Plugs into UCSD, SDSU this Week 
BROADCAST: VeeJays 
will be taping segments 
through Wednesday 
By,..pMlc ..... 
News EditOi 

UCSD students who want their 
MTV won't have to travel very far 
this week., a,s the music video net-
work will be broadcasting from lo-
cations throughout the campus and 
the San Diego community. 

Arriving last Friday, crews from 
MTV, a cable network with 57,3 
million subscribers, wi11 be taping 
segments on campus through 
Wednesday to be broadcast through-
out the week, according to MTV 
Production Assistant Betsy ForlJan, 

~g the VeeJays who may be 
seen at such campus locales as the 
Price Center and Revelle Sculpture 
Gardens are Daisy Fuentes, Randy 
Kagan, John Ales and Kennedy. 

The network will also be broad-
casting from San Diego State Uni-
versity, Forhan said 

On Sunday afternoon, Fuentes 
and Kagan were relaxing at the Sun 
God Lawn. 

According to Fuentes, MTV will 
be going into classrooms, barging 
into dorm rooms and visiting 
SDSU's fmtemity row. "We're g~ 
ing to be annoying the hell oul ~f 
everybody," Fuenles said. 

"We'll be talking 10 everybody 
who wants to talk to us," she added. 

Fuentes and Celebrity and Tal-
ent Coordinator Robin Reinhardt 
said that they were going to experi-

~ 

.I8Ion RIII:hIe/Gt_.1III 
M1V V....,. Delay Fuentes end Randy Kalan take a break from 
tapInC on the SUn God lawn yest.day. 

ence college life "in an MTV way." 
Associated Students Commis-

sioner of Programming Robb Ear-
nest said that two concern had been 
planned in conjunction withMTV's 
appeanu1CC on campus, including a 
concert today at noon in the Price 
Centerfeaturing Blacksmith Union. 
On Tuesday, the Price Center will 
host a concert at 4:30 p.m. featuring 
the bands Fluf,aMiniatureand Inch. 

"There [are) other events hap-
pening across campus," Earnest 
added. 

MTV's appearance at vest> is 
part of the network's two-week. 
MTV's Guide to Higher Education 
promotion. Last week, MTV broad-
cast from the University of North 
Carolina at Chapel Hill and the Uni-

versity of Wisconsin at Madison. 
"We kind of wanted to cover the 

country," said Forhan, who ex-
plained that UCSD was selected for 
its WestCoastlocationandproxim-
ity to beaches. Forhan added that 
Los Angeles was not selected be-
cause the area was "a bittoo jaded." 

UCSD's selection was cinched 
by the fact that another production 
assistant at MTV was familiar with 
the San Diego area 

According to Forhan, MTV is 
hoping to duplicate the SIK,'Cess it 
had with shooting on location 
throughout the· summer at a New 
York state beach house. "Ratings 
went through the roof," Forhan said 

.. 00 ....... Edtor Joma 
.,......, oonbIbuted to ..... story 

Calvin & Hobbes Coming Soon ... We Swear it 
----------------

-~---------

NEW 3 

.............. 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

GREEK 
.............•. ~ ....... :::: 

o C'-9 C'J' :::: 
,,01' "I ~ 0 :::: ~/ 0 .:.: 

CUISINE CAFE 
AI •• 
'y /\ •••• 

v - •••• 

La Jolla 
Renalaanci Center 

8935 Town Center Dr., Ren. Ste. 111 

578·7771 

DII Mar 
Piazza Carmel 

near carmel Valley Road 

792·2233 
--i fOr -1- --r 1/2 -PRiCE-

FAlAFEL or GYROS: DINNER or LUNCH SANDWICH I Buy one plate at regular price 
a: get Znd one at 1/2 price 

PIe_ pr~"" ardomg. EJp. 10l30I93. I AI ..... 1ncIudo soup and oalad. Exp. 10l30I93. 

US·ED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

:=:: 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60'5, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIIS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11·6:30 • 222·0220 

.---------, Catch all the 
I Action on Mond~ I 
I Nigh. FootIIall I 
I And enjoy our delicious seafood I I appetizers & drink specials I 
I Buy One Get One Free! I 
I Bring in this coupon and buy one ~sh loco and we will I give you the second fish taco for freel 
I ~rLH"Aw I 
I c%po ~I 
I La JaIl VIa" Dr. at 1.11. Id. 457·5008 I 
I Offer good only cLring ~ Night Foolboll at Anthor?t',l.o JoIIo, -xpir .. 12/27/93 I 

-----------

ROBERT'S 

AUTO 
~ ,",' ,~1"'/"" 

. ' " ~ - . "\}.: . 
- , 

• v " ~) _"NO V', v ~ • 
> I \1 

.,i. ,.. + '" +.,';:.g,.- .. ~~ 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( /.. 10 ) 0) - - _II .) 0) " 'f _ 4 .) .J_ 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm 

W. 11M and recommend KendI 
kIbr1cant:s to our CUstomtfS. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

·Elcept motor end Ulnsmlssion Mrhaui. 
Not vallCl wItn fIfry CKIler COUj)OI1. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Soard 

ERIC SCHMIDT. EdItor In Chief 
BENJAMIN LAVINE. Opinion Editor 

PHILP MICHAElS. News Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE.~ Editor 

n.. ucso _Is ...... __ . _ Mille ~ vI~. SIn DiIIo. ear-01.3. ___ ........ __ ... /IIIIIOIt!r __ ... __ • __ noI 
--'I' _ vllIIe UC _ vi .......... .. ASUCSO. _ .. __ GuordIM 11811. 

Tradition Is Only One of 
the Los.s at 'Playfalr' 

One of the problems that UCSD faces as a relatively new 
university is a distinct lack of tradition. There are very few annual 
events on campus that students can point to with pride or nostalgia 
- no Homecoming Week, no Big Game. no rivalry with a nearby 
university. 

The few traditions that this campus did have - the TGs come to 
mind - seem to be going the way of the dinosaur. And now it seems 
that the Un·Olympics will soon be nothing more than a memory as 
well . 

For 15 years, the Un.Qlympics were the highlight of Welcome 
Week, pitting UCSD's five colleges against each other in events like 
the tug o' war, the egg toss and the three-legged race. But for some 
reason, an administrative committee decided to tinker with one of the 
few traditions UCSD still had. This year, the Un.Qlympics were 
scrapped in favor of "P1ayfair," a series of non-competitive, "ice-
breaker" games intended to foster campus unity. 

The motivations behind the adminisuation' s decision seem dubi-
ous at best. It seems rather unlikely thatfailingtocapture the "Golden 
Shoe" at the Un.Qlympics would make any sensible college student 
feel "degraded," as Welcome Week committee member Vince 
Manson claimed. 

Furthennore. scrapping the egg toss and pie-eating contest be· 
cause such events are insensitive to starving people and those with 
eating disorders, respectively, is just another feckless anempt by the 
university to appease the hypersensitive. 

Was "Playfair" a success? The students who attended seemed to 
enjoy it. Unfortunately, onfy 400 to 500 students showed up, farshort 
of the 1,300 that attended last year's Un-Olympics. If the goal of 
"Playfair" was to increase participation. then the event has to be 
considered a failure. And at a cost of$l,700 (as opposed to the $350 
the Un-Olympics cost), "PJayfair" seems like a colossal waste of 
money. 

Promoting unity among the five colleges is an admirable and 
necessary goal. But without a sense of tradition to evoke feelings of 
pride or school spirit, a sense of community will be impossible to 
promote. When UCSD administrators evaluate "Playfair," they 
should keep this in mind. The Un.Qlympics may not be perfoct. but 
they certainly promoted more student participation at a fraction of the 
cost of "Playfair." 

The University'. Image 
Takes Another Hit 

About this time last year, the University of California had itselfan 
image problem of epic proportions. A report by the State Auditor 
General's Office was highly critical of the fringe benefits and perks 
awarded to UC executives. The university was still smarting from the 
negati ve press over former UC President David Gardner's extrava· 
gant retirement package. These blunders cost the UC system more 
than just its reputation - many UC experts believe that negative 
public perceptions of the university led to harsher budget cuts and a 
drop in alumni donations. 

Slowly but surely, the university began to clean up its act. 
President Jack Peltason pledged that wasteful perks and executive 
waste would be a thing of the past. And the university's image 
improVed - Governor Wilson reduced his proposed cut to the UC 
budget by $50 million, while the UC reported this week that 
donations 10 the university hit an all·time high last year. 

For that reason, the latest ethical lapses by UC officials are 
extremely troubling. In May, it was revealed that former UC Vice 
Presidenl Ronald Brady had been awarded a Gardner-esque retire· 
ment package - a full year's salary ofSI8 I ,640. In July, n:pons 
indicated that six UC officials, including Gardner and Brady, failed 
to report receiving gifts from an Alameda County developer who had 
hoped to lure UC projects to his industry park. And finally, an article 
in the San Francisco Examiner earlier this month alleged that Carl 
Wooten, director of UC's Office of Technology Transfer, had 
apparently violated state conflict-of·interest laws. 

It should noJ be too much to ask for university executives, 
administrators and offICials to walk. the straight and nanow, espe-
cially gi ven the UC system' s ~nt past. If the public perception of 
the uni versity n:verts to its previous lows, this time the damage - to 
both its reputation and financial SUlbility - could be irreparable. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPONG 
Of cou~ (.JC ~RT 11< 
~~ PUtN ~OQ R£DUC.1II6 
HOL1\I CAlk UJs:t'S.' U«k; 10£' 
1'11'" ~ 'HI!bN CrTIZDI 

III:Sw: s;awc QIIrT' a:' UCALTII 
....... ~.Tt WHY W(1Ir' 

CIfRJIINI> ~, ~ SAulllAl ... 

Monday, September 27,1993 

UCSD COMING SOON TO A 
CHANNEL NEAR You 

COMMENTARY: UCSD-TV will commit to bringing quality and intellectual 
programs to UCSD and the swrounding San Diego area 
By • .ry L WIIIIIok 
ConttIIlutItW OpInion wnrer 

After IDOIe thin si~ years of pursuing a broadcast 
license, developing a miuion and setting up an oper-
ating station and staff, UCSD-TV embarts on its first 
full broadcast season with the opening of the Fall 
Quarter 1993. 

Licensed as a non-commercial, low-power televi-
sion station, K35DG can be viewed on UHF Channel 
3SandonSouthwestemCableChanneilSfrom Sp.m. 
to II p.m. daily. The first broadcast sta· 
tion in the UC system, UCSD-TV is ex· 
pected to set new directions and standards 
for universities in 8Clldemic outreach and 
public service. 

Many universities use television for 
distance learning. others operate PBS af-
filiates and many others have cable Ii· 
censes. UCSO's station is one of the first 
in the nation to focus primarily on extend· 
ing the varied intellectual and educational 

full·time staff of three and a pool of freelance produc. 
tion professionals, the slation will be offering in its 
initial year two three· hour blocks of programming 
twice a day. 

The pro8f8lll emphases and standards are set by a 
program advisory panel whose membership is made up 
of a representative group of people who reflect the 
diverse intellectual interests and constituencies in the 
university and the San Diego communities. 

The panel includes five representatives selected by 
the Academic Senate. an undergraduate 
and a graduate student representati ve and 
four communily representatives identi· 
fied through the offices of the vice chan-
cellorofCommunity Relalions.It includes 
the dean of Graduate Studies and Re· 
search. the uni.versity librarian and the 
vice chair of the UCSO Academic Senate 
as ex·officio members. 

The Program Advisory Panel meets 
quanerly and draws on a variety of sub· 

activities of a research university through· 
out the community. 

UCSD·TV enables the university to 
serve a broad constituency county·wide. 
The station serves the community with 
broadcasts of public events, arts and lec· 
tures, continuing education and infonna· 
tional programs drawn from the main cam· 
pus, the medical school and Scripps Insti· 
tulion of Oceanography. . 

Not unlikeC·SPAN, UCSD-TV is com· 
mined to serving the community by draw· 
ing upon scheduled campus events using 
the talents of UCSD faculty. staff and 
students for progranlll'ling. 

AI .... 
...... 
IbItIon, UCII)o 
TV ... 
concerned 
willi matters 
of the 
Intellect ... 
not 

committees made up of faculty . students 
and community representatives who help 
the station assure intellectual integrity and 
balance in its programming. with fonnats 
and production standards appropriate to 
an FCC licensed broadcast stalion. 

Of particular interest to UCSD stu· 
dents is a proposed collaboration belween 
the Associaled Students and UCSD· TV 
which will qualify interested students from 
any campus major to work with Ihe sta· 
tion. The collaboralion should y:eld a va· 
riety of student· led production opportuni. 
lies. Plans are in the works to begin a 
three·quarter practicum in television pro-
duction to be offered to up to 20 commit· As a non-commercial station. UCSD· 

TV can be concerned with matters of the 
intellect and not entertainment with mass 

ent.bIInment 
wIIII_ 
....... 

appeal. Even though the station is not intended to be 
a training facility in the context of the formal instruc· 
tional program ofUCSD, students will be encouraged 
to participate in all of the station's activilies. 

Since the station receives no state funding. its 
budaet of approximately 5250,000 this year comes 
from srants and underwritina as well as modesc con· 
tributions of discretionuy funds from the chancellor, 
Academic Affairs and University Extension. With a 

ted students on Wednesday evenings be· 
ginning this fall. 

The practicu,m will be taught by a retired ABC 
television production executive who has been teaching 
a similar course at UCLA for years. He will be assisted 
by Sherman Oeorge of the UCSD Media Center and 
Rhyena Halpern. program and production director of 
the station and a lab assistanl with years of studio 
experience. 

The first collaborative programming effort is likely 
See TV, Page7 

Monday, Seplemb.er 27,1993 The UCSD GuardilUJ OPJNION 5 

CH I NG FOR 'ill E: TRUE 
G OF DIVERSITY 

COMMENTARY: A pluralistic democracy that spawns many politi-
cal groups can test our tolerance for diversity even as we seek to 
promote it. Somehow our ideals get in the way. 
By Ben lavine 
Opinion Editor 

Life it seems call ollly be understood back-
wards but must be lived forwards. 

How must we keep from following the 
false lrail of idealism that gives simple an· 
swers to life' s mysteries? 

Too of len. it seems. Man constanlly and 
futilely tries to pack all of life's little secrets 
and its random, chaotic nature into funda· 
mental ideals. 

But while idealism can give students easy 
answers to political questions, it is also mis· 
handled and manipulated by student groups. 
Idealism, when improperly used, can only be 
detrimental to Ihe diversity espoused by a 
university. 

In other words, idealism should serve 
only as a foundaliorl on which principles are 
based, but it should not become Ihe goal 
itself. 

Idealism is not useless - it can be noble 
when used as a guide for life. But we must 
become aware of idealism's dark secrets in 
order to understand its proper role in human 
existence. In general. idealism is one's inter· 
prelation of how 10 structure the world to 
maximize each citizen's usefulness. security 
and tranquility. J 

Certain principles derived from idealism 
seem to lead to these worldly goals. General 
principles such as freedom of opportunity 
and the sacrament of life, down to more 
specific one~ such as "family values," "na· 
tional security" and "a clean environment" 
are examples of the principles which define 
idealism. 

But such principles lead to problems. 
A perfecl world would be one in which all 

such known principles could interact in har· 
mony to achieve a perfect equilibrium be· 
tween the left and the right. But in reality, 
such a balance is rarely possible because of 
the constant struggle to edge one's ideals 
over another's. We have come to recognize 
this struggle as the world of politics. 

The first problem is the political and s0-
cial groups' efforts 10 transcribe their ideals 
from general principles into actual socilll 
policy. 

In a broader selling, certain principles are 
widely accepted by the popul~e as social 
goals the world should pursue. A principle 
such as "family values," for instance, is one 
mosl of us can agree upon as vitally impor. 
tant to the social maintenance of ourcommu· 
nilies. 

Yet the way these principles are ranked 
and implemented in public policy exposes 
contlicts underlying idealism's role. On Ihis 
polilical level, we can observe the way in 
which the idealistic inlerests of one group 
clash with those of others. 

The Iransfonnation from principle to 
policy can make a 101 of people behave in an 
odd manner. When the idealisl's desires for 
social policy conflict with certain political 
realities (such as the nature of our democratic 
establishmenl). controversy results. Guncon· 
trol, pornography. and police power are part 
of a common debate between the fundamen· 
tal rights of the individual and the interests of 
state securi ty. 

The pursuit of idealism can tum into pure 
zealotry as one's ideals become an outright 
rejection of someone else's. In the end, ev· 

eryoneclaims to be rig hi while everyone else 
is plainly wrong. 

In more extreme cases, conflict becomes 
inlolerable to a group. That group willihen 
take action to establish its dominance over 
other groups - sort of coup de principle. In 
any event, diversity is thrown out the win· 
dow when one group seeks pennanent domi· 
nance. 

At this stage, politics becomes an obstac Ie 
to the establishment of one's ideals. French 
political philosoph~r Michel Foucault put it 
best when he asserted Ihat those who are in 
power detennine the way we think and the 
principles we revere. Any principles con-

WhIle Idealism can "ye 
students .. , ansW .... 
to political questiOns, " 
.. ....,ml ........ ledb' 
student .. 011 ... . 
idealism, when 
Improperty u .... , can 
onl, be detrllII8IItaI to 
the dlYerslty .. pou .... 
by • university. 
It la_,tobe 
frustrated oyer thla 
aelf.clefeatl ... paI'8dox 
of IporI .... yerslty 
whl ..... ldngto 
maintain It. 

cemingjustice are not necessarily above poli-
tics but merely a function of it. 

Instead of finding a balance between con-
flicting ideals. many see power as a shortcut 
to implementing their idealislic goals. The 
fundamentalist state of Isiam in its lerrorist 
fonn is a horrifying example of the means 
one group takes to eSlablish its religious 
doctrine over others. 

Well. we are not facing any violent reli-
gious outbreaks at UCSD. but il still is some· 
Ihing to keep in mind. II is easy to be frus· 
trated over Ihis self·defeating paradox of 
ignoring diversily while seeking to maintain 
it. Although not all of our political and cui· 
tural elements can be possibly integrated into 
one social unit, groups should attempt to 
insulate lhemselves from alternative perspec-
tives. 

When exploring the plethora of groups on 
campus and as you begin to mold a political 
identity for yourself. watch for groups that 
claim an all·or·nothing platform because the 
ideals of one group may squelch out diversity 
on campus. 

'# 

;11 
,;l"""'" .. 

. ~ .. 
~ fI 
7 ., t 

Micha Croft/Guardian 

COMMENTARY: Think you have already established your political 
identity? Try exploring the various political elements on this campus 
and you may end up rethinking how set you are. 
By Daniel Haws encountered back home (a lthough Ihey do 
Contributing Opinion Wirter exist here - the last time I counted. I had 

Recently. when I was packing my things to been approached at leasl seven times to go 
retum for my third year at UCSD. I came on one of those Chrislian ··retreats"). 
across an item which caused me to reflect Thereisa whole arrayofclubsandgroups 
upon myself and how the world has changed with various agendas. rangi ng from the 
since I started college. College Democrats to the Lesbian. Gay and 

Staring at my'gaudy "Proud to be an Bi sexual Assoc iation to Ihe Young 
American Liberal" bumper sticker. I Americans For Freedom. 
remembered how at my high school il was But Ihe facade of diversity is deceptive. I 
taped to my binder and paraded started to identify wi lh the 
around for everyone to see. liberal element on Ih is campus. 

You see, my hometown is Then I began to take a clo er 
prelty much a bastion of look al my "fellow" liberals 
conservatism. It is the "Bible and did nol like all that r . aw. 
Belt" of my local area. Infact.lhe Members of various 
lasttime I voted there. my parents organizations compl ai ned that 
and I' were almost the only they were victims of various 
Democrats registered on the conspiracies. 
enlire precinct list. Ther. For instance, I read a campus 

Watching the horrific femini stmagazine lhulclaimed 
Republican NationalConvention were that if one does not believe in 
last year made me feel at home. member. affirmative action. he is by 

Growing up. everYlhing of various definition a raci st. 
seemed pretty clear to me: I was I heard others ~ay tlw! only 
righl (or left) and everyone else ..... ~. white males can be raci st: that 
was wrong. In my town. aradical complain discrimination by minorities 
liberal was considered to be a againstlhe white male majority 
herelic. Ultimately. in order to that they was accepluble (a /(1 Sister 
solve all of our nalion's problems, were SouljahJ. 
all we really hadlodo was tolick victims of I sawlhe politica l armof the 
Ihe Republicans out oflhe White now·defunct Women 's 
House. various Resource Cenler co llapse when 

Then I came to UCSO. COI"'.I.I the "women of color" fe lt that 
College was a whole new ball Ihey were be ing ignored by the 
game; it was like being exposed to a new women of non·color. 
culture. Like most colleges. UC$D is very And the ethos of polilica l correctness nnd 
diverse politically and culturally. The apathy multi·culturalism has pervaded Ihe entire 
level may ~ just as high among the students. university. UCSD tudents don'l even have 
but that's how it basically is everywhere. freedom of speech. Ihanks to our "fighting 

But those who are politically active aren't words" speech code. Self-segregation 
usually the Bible thumpers or Reaganauts See UBERAL, Page 7 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian MoDday, September 21, 1993 

COMMENTARY: People love to ridicule the Clinton Administration and Mr. and Mrs. President, but Hillary 
Rodham Clinton's direct role in health care has redefined the role of the First Lady. 

EMANCIPATION OF DECISION-MAKING 
By Ben lavine 
Opinion Editor 

For those of you who recall watch-
ing the Republican Convention of 
1992 runle off its hit list of groups 
posing a threat to the American way 
of life, you may well also remember 
all of those delegates and speakers 
having a whale of a time bashing 
Hillary Rodham Clinton. 

Apparenlly, it wasn't enough to 
link all the liberal elements in this 
country to the breakdown of "family 
values" or "national security." TIle 
delegates needed a single icon to rep-
resent all that was wrong with the 
country. Bill Clinton seemed too 0b-
vious a target because voters were 
already familiar with the "inhale" re-
marks. 

BUllhe delegates knew they would 
strike a rdW nerve in Americans when 
they decided to attack Hillary's role in 
her husband's campaign and, even 
more so towards her potential role in 
his administration. 

It was a scare tactic to c·onvince 
voters that Hillary's potential influ· 
enceondecision-makingwasnotonly 
improper but also a blatant challenge 
to the stodgy, old hierarchy of a male-
led household. 

George Bush lost the presidency, 

and all the conservati ves jumped ship 
and blamed Bush for ignoring the 
"silent conservative majority." 
"Hillary-bashing," however, re-
mained popular among fax machines 
and late-night talk show dialogues. It 
seemed as if America wasil't ready to 
accept the woman as a politically-
dominant figure. 

This week President Clinton intro-
duced his new proposals to reform the 
American health care system through 
proposed savings and coverage poli-
cies for the uninsured. These propos-
als came straight out of a task force 
headed by Hillary Rodharn Clinton. 

During the span of her tenure, Mrs. 
Clinton took the politically bold step 
of closing task force meetings to the 
public, ensuring minimal influence 
from special interest groups. More 
importantly, she made sure that, un-
like in previous health legislation, 
women's issues and health needs 
would not be ignored during the re-
form process. 

President Clinton's appointment 
of his wife to head the task force was 
nota retumtotheold "spoils system" 
of administrative appointments. Mrs. 
Clinton was nol compensated for her 
wOlX, although compensation should 
have been offered to recognize her for 

nw ...... tactlc 
to convince vot .... 
that HII.". 
potentl.llnfluence 
on declalOIHII8kIng 
w .. not only 
Improper but • 
blatant chall ..... to 
the atodO. old 
hierarchy of • 
me ...... household. 

her hard work. Mrs. Clinton's com-
pensation came from redefining the 
First Lady's role in the White House. 

Not since Eleanor Roosevelt has a 
First Lady offered so much to the 
nation in the form of public service. 
Hillary RodhamClintondid more than 
just serve as some poster-child for 
cenain causes. 

She did more than just appear on 
]V spotS offering one-line directives 
10 solve national problems, 
Mrs.Clinton transformed the First 
Lady's role from passive bystander to 
actual policy-maker. Any causes rep-
resented by the First Lady during her 
tenure now have a substantially better 
chance of being addressed. 

From a much deeper perspective, 
Mrs. Clinton should be credited for 
her effOO in bringing the female gen-
der into an ever more active role in 
American life. No longer are we in 
Betty Freidan's nightmare of the 
American woman confined to the 
kitchen, where she could only list her 
occupation as ''housewife.'' 

Even with the rise of feminism 
over the last couple of decades, the 
patriarchal establishment it has been 
rubbing against has fired back, most 
recently with the New Right move-
ment of the '80s. 

. This back-and-forth struggle of 
self-determination has been updated 
through "Hillary-bashing." Although 
Mrs. Clinton will receive the most 
flak over her active policy-making 
role, Americans will become more 
comfortable with this higher status. 
With each passing generation, it 
seems that the limits of what is con-
sidered "feminine" are broadened. 

Occasionally, America needs a 
good shot in the arm when it comes to 
refining old social norms and expec-
tations. It seems more likely that 
"Hillary-bashing" is just a topic of 
barroom humor at Mrs. Clinton' s ex-
pense than the focus of national dis-
course over her position. Sti II the bash-
ing is somewhat unsettling consider-
ing the Pat Buchanans out there who 
wish to return to American values and 
norms to the '50s. 

Whatever type of health care sys-
tem Washington chooses will depend 
on what America i willing to stom-
ach in the short-terlll in order to gain 
the savings of reform in the long-run. 
Bill Clinton certainly deserves the 
credit for being able to implement 
what previous presidents have unsuc-
cessfully attempted. The First Lady 
deserves credit for her pmt in shaping 
those proposals. 

Contrary to popular belief, Jesus is not a columnist for the Guardian. 

.liIiiililiiAutomotiVe Repairs 
10% OFF 
LABOR 

Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura 
Excel/ent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11. Check cooting system & hoses 
S. Check and replenish all flu id 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

3S-point Major Service Special $74 * 
C Extra for fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 1. ompresslon test 

2. Valve adlustment 11. Adjust timing 20. Lube front end 26. Chad< and recharge 
Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angie 21. Check & replenish aU batteries if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. AdluSI carburetor . fluid & oil levels 29. Rotate ti;es (d needed) 
4 Spark plugs. t4. Adlust air & fuel ratio 22. Check electrical system 30 . Chad< ure pressure 
5. Olstrlbutor POintS. mIXture 23. Check for loose & 1051 31 . Lube door hinges 
6 Condensers. 15. Adlust steering box bolts 32. Check all holders 
7. Air frlter . 16. Adlust clulch 24. Check brakes 33 . Check cooling system & 
8 0,1 frlter . 17. Adlust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9 Gas IiIter. and lB. Adlust emergency brakes 26. Check lights 34. Check exhaust system 
10 Engine all 19. Check & adjust e'posed 27 Check undercarrrage 35. Road test 

belts lor damages 
NOI. 101 6<:~lnder car. add $20 Toyola Supr ••• add 5J0 OalSun 200SX With 8 'POlk plugS. add SlS 

Complete $168* Brake-Job $311* 
Clutch Job Special (regYao) 

We replace: Front or rear. 
I. TransmiSSIOn Input shafl 4 Throwoot bearing 1. lnSlall speCial new pads Brake lob Includes: 

'. or ,"stall rear brake shoes 
seal (e>cept Hondas) 5 Pilot bearings 2. Drilln old brake fluid 6. Adjust front (If drums) 

2. Pressure plale 6 New transmiSSion all 3. InSPect complele and rear shoes 
3 Clutch diSC 7 Road tesl hydraulic system 7. Replace front rotor 
NOle Hydraubc parts are nol covered NOI lor 4WD Front wheel 
drIVe extra 

4. Refrll hydraulic lIuid seals (If rotor. turnl 
5. Bleed enbre brake system 8. Road tsst 

Not.: Hydfaullc pans are n~ Included. 
---

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,ooo-mlle limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
. 695-1990 

WtIh this ad. Expires 1C111CW3 
• Gall for 3ppOlOtrnent. 

TOIJ1f1Y drld 'l'f1'l ." .tv.tll,thl., r.~o' Ud'y rr rj I) , ('\ ,lfT1 t ~)r l Open Saturday. 

Super Annual Clearance Sale 

CIORCIO ARMANI 

33% .50% Off Every Frame in Stockl 
With purchase ot lenses. 

Including desigN by: 
Giorgio Armanl. 

Ralph Lauren Polo. 
COla!. Christian Olor . 

Tura, Logo Pals. 
Emmanuelle Khanh. 

Valentino . and many more. 

Off ... ellpir .. 9/YJ/93. 
No oIher dIcoII1I.~. 
EJranlnallorw <MlIIabfe. 

EYES OF LA IOLLA 
o p ~ 0 ~j E T RY 

Dr. Jeffrey Markson 
Optometrist 

at UTe. next to Nordstrom 
4417 La Jolla Village Drive 

(619)597-2020 

MODday, September 27,1993 

TV: UCSD-TVto 
air quality programs 
for viewer pleasure 
ContInued from .,... 4 
to be a series of shows drawing on 
the Grove Unplugged events. Pr0-
cedures for reviewing work submit-
ted by independent producers, in-
cluding student producers, and for 
developing collaborative programs 
for which funds have to be raised 
and production teams put in place, 
will be adopted at the late October 
meeting of the program advisory 
panel. 

Tuesday Hancock is this year's 

LIBERAL: 
Rethinking our 
political positions 
Continued from pc. 5 
increasingly seems to be the rule 
among the various ethnic groups on 
campus. 

All the talk about the importance 
of diversity makes me wonder what 
happened to the concept of the 
university .Coming into contact with 

A.S. representative, The procedures 
will be straightforward and acces-
sible to any interested parties. Deci-
sions will be made in a fair and 
timely manner, although limited 
funds and broadcast ti me will affect 
how much programming the station 
can handle in its early stages. 

UCSD-TV has the potential to 
enrich public understanding of the 
important research and teaching go-
ing on at UCSD.Justas important, it 
will be a bridge into the university 
for the community, as we plan to 
program for diverse interests and 
constituencies. 

It also represents a resource to 
independent producers from the 

all of these radical and angry groups 
caused me to reevaluate my own 
political position. 

How can I call myself a liberal, 
when much of the left today is as 
loony as the far right? 

And how can I call myself a 
"proud American liberal" when I 
sometimes actually enjoy listening 
to Rush Limbaugh? 

I guess I now identify myself as 
a moderate independent, a so-called 
middle-of-the-roader. I'm also a bit 

The UCSD Guardian 

community, the faculty and the stu-
dent body by providing opportuni-
ties to contribute high-quality pro-
gramming to the station. 

Such contributions will not only 
enrich the work of the station and its 
impact on the San Diego region, but 
it will also provide yet another way 
for students to develop skills and a 
portfolio of achievements they can 
take with them upon graduation. 
Welcome, all of you, to UCSD-TV. 

-Mary Wolshok Is Associ-
ate Vice Chancellor of 
Extended Studies and 

Public Service and general 
manager of UCSD-TV 

less naive and more skeptical of 
quick fixes (we finally did kick those 
Republicans out of the White House, 
but we still have more problems 
than ever). 

All things considered, I was 
probably always near the center of 
American politics but just didn't 
realize it until I had been exposed to 
the diversity of UCSD. 

Oh yeah ... and by the way, if 
anybody wants a free bumpersticker, 
please let me know. 

Leam to write news with 
The Guardian Internship Program 

Monday, Oct. 4, 7 p.m. Old Student 
Center, above the General Store Co-op. 
catl ~ for information. 

(RMtNINfi~ 
LA JOLLA 
HHS HLL THE 
ANSWERS. 

From a huge variety of services like Kinkos, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph's Grocery, to entertain-
ment and fun from places like Sports 2001, 
TGIFriday's, Music Plus and Pacific Theatres, 
La Jolla Village has got you seriously covered. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

Voted Best 
Mexican Food in 

Golden Triangle 
-Metropolitan 
Magazine. 1993 

OPINION 7 

La Salsa-
the place to 

see and be seen! 

Now you can enjoy every- day the "Best" Mexican food: 
e No Fried Food 
• Our Meats are Lean 
• Our Black Beans Contain No Lard or Oils 
e We Use Only Canola Oil 
• We Don't Own a Can Opener .... 
• We Accommodate Vegetarian Requests 

Present your UCSD card and get a 
La Salsa discount card good for 15% off 

good anytime! 

Costa Verde Center Black Mountain Village 
8750 Genesee H ... ~ 9172 Mira Mesa Blvd. 

Phone 455-7229 NoL.frl.l._l.p., Phone 530-0607 
Fax 455-5305 Sot a •• , .. . Fax: 530-0299 

CATERING AVAILABLE 

T he Scripps Research WtituIC (I'SRI) invites Re5CarCh Technicians to join our 5dcntific ICU1l at the nation's JartIe5t prtYatc, non-profil biomediaI resarch organiDtion. TSRI ~ 
IntemationaIy rec:qp1lzcd for ~ rcscarch in new and estab-
lished bio8dcoces fostering an cmironrnent in which coIIabonIivc 
work acrclL!S aaditional di.1ciplinc:5 is valued. We arc seeking incivid-
uaI5 wid! lab COlII!C: work and/or cxpcricnce in the following amas: 
MoIccuIat JIioIoBy, Immunology and/or 8iochcmistry. wid! empha. 
sis in ~ or _ 01 the foIIowin8 techniques: 

Research 
Technicians 
e DNA cIoning/scqucncing 
e ~cuItun: 
e Monoc1on.aI antibodies 

e Gel ckctrophorcsis 
e Plasmid/protein 

purification 

To ...... __ tIIbo,., IMHtJrtdOlMr~ o~ 
III ~J1IetI-IJUU OfIr ~1Wn tJl the Cmwr eo. 
---Job FIdr, October J &- 2 III E""'-9 SIdIIn, 1A}oIl& 
All ~ he2Ith plan with IIcJdbIc options, an 0IHiIc chid 
~ fIdIky, and a ~ and ~ cm1ronmeDl in 
which 10 ck¥dop your skiIb arc UlIOIlI TSRI 's comprchellSM: ben-
dis. JIIrMe eend )'OUr _ toe The Scripps Re.earch 
.......Id. ro927IlT,I01i66N. TorreyPinaRolld, 1JIIC.11, 
IAjoIIa, CA ~7. We VIIuc and suppon dtvenity in our wort· 
foKrIMIID£. 

I] THE SCRIPps RESEARCH INSTITIITE 



INTRAMURAL SPORTS FALL SCHEDULE 
Registration Priority Periods, Team Captain's Meetings, Entry Fees, Season Dotes 

~Al. iEAY T~l£VHO·.f It;',"" (r~!:.~,) 't:'" l~=~ ""')~'. ~ ",1) 
sp:;;-r) ~f~)r~t.rc·. ','[!'r,'- E·.·~'~t! ~'. 1·,.S':; •• • .. 

HO"T,PI>O 

Man. S.pl. 27 Man. Sept. 27. 4pooo US 0cI .. 3· 
"'" 4-5"", 

' :001: 1.5om I'rIc. c_ n.ot.r ........ 21 
53446U 

Man. Sept. 27 Man. Sept. 27. 4pooo •• 0cI. 2 · Sall~ 
. :00 . 9:OOont I'rIc. c-T'*- ........ 21 Sunlo-6pm 
53446U 

Man. Sept. 27 • .s,... •• 0cI. 2 . I'rIc. C-n-. ........ 21 

lrogues are organized on on ~ bosii witoin lie lime range 1-.:1 obowJ. As a aeneroI rule in most 
sportl, lOOms will play 0I1he some Iiour on 1I-e some day eod\ week for lie duration-of hit sport's season. 

STAFF 
:~. .. h.,. 
• ~·53U037 
: Eo.., W..unda ·53U6U 
• 
• 
• • 
• 

SERVING UCSD STUDENTS FOR 10 YEARS I F ALL QUA R T E R I 

SALE 
DESIGNER FRAMES BY: 
Oliver Peoples, Guoltier 
Bodo, Optical Affairs, 
Fred, Cartier, Chrislian Diar, 
Nikan, Neostyle, 
Mat1udo & many more 

CONTACT LENSES 
• 31 ·doy trial period induding scheduled 6O·day 

IoIlow·up core 
• Immediate delivery (in mos! cosesl 
• Astigmatic lenses, tinted len\8$, gas penneoble 

lenses, bilocollenses 

ONE Of tMGEST OFJj,." DESIGNER IYEWfAItt 50tJJINEIlN r.. 
."., .. ,... . 
· ..... 'U el.",.q __ 
e ~ • PIiIIIis 

:~ir,~"" 
·AS 0.,... 
EyN. ... PI 
HOURS 
Mon.·Fri. 1 IH, Sat. 1 ().6 

DAILY WEAR 

COMPLrn S99 
EXTENDED 

~~!~ $139 
COMPLETE 

26 DISPOSABLE 
LENSES $1 
COMPLETE 

induding 
- Exam 
-lenses 
• Training 
• Follow up 
• Solutions 

Fli .. HEW.LETT 
~~ PACKARD 

Meet with the representives from Hewlett 
Packard and see a demonstration of Hewlett 

Packard Printers. 
September 28th lOam - 2pm 

HP Days Featuring: 

HP DeskWritcr Printer 
• Apple Talk and serial 

connectivity 
• 3-year limited warranty 
• 35 scalable fonts and grayscale printing 

l.ftJ.&:rJ 

HP LaserJet 4L Printer 
• Lowcst priced HP LaserJet 
• 26 built-in scalable typefaces 
• 300 dpi printing 
• I Mb standard Memory 

UCSD Boo]{store Tent 
Wednesday, Sept. 29-Friday, Oct. I 

9 am to4pm 
Textbook Department 534-4557 

Monday, September 27, 1993 

PLAYFAIR: 
Future of 'Golden 
Shoe' still in doubt 
ContInued from .... 1 
as many people as possib?e in a short 
of time as possible," "P1ayfair" 
Leader Jordan ChouPjian told the 
crowd. OIouljian led the crowd in a 
series of games designed 10 alPow 
students to inleract. 

"One of the things we'reattcmpl-
ina to do iscreale a community . Part 
of building a conununity is begin-
ning to understand each other," 
OIouljian said. 

University administnltOrS have 
yet to decide whether "Playfair" 
will pennanentPy rep:.ce the Un-
Olympics. Oan:ia noted that both 
events had their pros and cons. 

"I've heard from some students 
thai the element of competition i$ 
something they miss. On the other 
hand, everyone's participating 
here," Garcia said. 

'1be decision isn't set in ~ 
menl. We could go back to the Un-
OPympic:s next yar," she added. 

Slater praised "P1ayfair" for pt-
ting people to interact with one an-
other. but added that there was noIh-
ina wrona with taking pride in an 
individual cortege. 

'1bere's room forboth instiPJing 
coP?ege pride and UCSD spirit 10-
gether," said SPater, addina thai she 
fePt the Un-OPympics were "a good 
tnldition. " 

One deciding factor in 
"P?ayfair's" future couPd be the cost. 
"PPayfair," an orientation activity at 
coPleges across the country which is 
run by a private company, cost the 
university $1,700, according to 
Garcia. Intramural Sports Director 
Mike Hipp estimated that the Un-
Olympics cost $3SO to run. 

The future of"Playfair" isn't the 
only thing that remains up in the air. 
The fate of the "Golden Shoe." the 
former trophy for the Un-Olym-
pies. remains undecided. Acc:ord-
ing to Garcia, Fifth ColPege, which 
won the Shoe at tT ' last Un-Olym-
pies, will keep the prize for now. 

That decision sits fine with Fifth 
CollegeadministralOBandstudents. 
"We're happy to hold on to [the 
Shoe 1." Slater said. 

Even though the Shoe was not 
awarded this year, that didn't stop 
the Fifth College dePeption from 
bringing the trophy 10 "Playfair." 
Along with the Shoe, Fifth Colteae 
students brought a sIan reading 
"1993-The Year the Shoe Oot the 
Boot." 

When asked about the long-tenn 
futtire of the Shoe, Oarciaresponded 
"We will have to talk to students 
about that." 

TIE GUARDIAN 
INIERNSIF 
MEETING 

When: Oct. 4 at 7 p.m . 

Whef8: The Guardian 
Office 

WIry. Because in the 
deepest recesses of 
your heart, haven't you 
always dreamed of 
leamlng to be a hot 
shot college joumalist? 

call 634 8&80 for mora 
...... 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

u (: S I) I~()()l,"store Events S;~4-I{EAD D 
Hispanic Heritage 

Celebration 
Berkeley 
Breathed Mark Leyner 

Readiqs from Bilingual Pre811 authors The author of Bloom County will 
be at the UCSD Bookstore to read 

and sign his latest book, 
Goodnight Opw. 

will be at the UCSD Bookstore to 
read and sign his latest work, 

Leroy V. Quintana & 
Nash Candelaria 

Et Tu, Babe. 

Thunday, 
Sept 30, Noon 

s.turdav. October 2· Noon 
UCSD BookItore Fover Tuesday, Sept 28 

Noon 

invites 
To Join Us For Breakfast 

LaJolla Colony Plaza 
7788 Regents Road 

San Diego 
• Hot Bakery 
• Service Deli 
• Pharmacy 
• Setvice Floral 

r------------------, I v ....... et.poII 1 
: O~nge FREE: 
: JUlce 1 
I Vons Frozen 12·0z. Can 

ttWS (D(JPON ,Jl1J9 I U .. ,..,.,.,... ItIfIII" 
I I .II ....... III v_ ~}oIM CoIDItJ 
L"-SI<n 000fJ·lxp. IOIJI191 
---------r------------------, ! Large '-Fet.poIIRE E ! 

: Eggs I 
I Vons 1 Dozen Carton 
I t'IlM (D(JPON 'JJ_ u.I/ I ..... ,...,... 
I 
1 .II • ..." III .... ~}tJ6 CoIDItJ 
• ,.... ........ 000fJ. .."I/J'IU 

----------

05 

""""'~ 

Wcaupt .1ZI • 
r------------------, 

! ~='-FREE! 
1 
1 
1 
1 

Vons6·Pack 

1· ....... IIIV_lII}oIMeom, 
• "-....... 000fJ. bjt. 10131,.,1 

~---------r------------------, 1 v ..... CotI/XHI . I 
! su:fe FREE 
I 
I Farmer John 8-0z. Pkg. 
I t'IlM lXJfl10N '3D'" 

u.I/ I ...... "" I.-IJ I 
I ..... ..." III _lII}oIM c...., 
• ,.... ........ _ ,.,I/J'IU 

.. _--------

I 
I 
I 



10 NEWS 

What You Won't Fmd 
at Callahan's ••• 

Loud Obnoxious Music ... Dinky Nouveau Food ... 

What you wiD find are 
$3.95 Lunch Specia1s 

every weekday! 
Located at 8280 

Mira Mesa Blvd. In the 
Mira Mesa Showing 

Cenf8". Uncia- the 
wemawning. 

578-7892 

A little hard to find, really hard to leave. 

/.l'J / ~ )~~~~r L r ~~ {~~ La a I La [] P Y 'Ib+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. ("e;xl to nomino's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M·F 9·6 hp 10 27 93 
SAT. l()'l .. ,th ucso ID 

Veterans: 

Good reasons 
to consider 

the Army Reserve. 
[f you enjoyed your military service. why 

not continue it? The Armv Reserve offers vou 
that opportunity, and a lot more. Look what's 
waiting for you: 

• A good part-time income 
• PX privileges 
• Commissary privileges 
• Low-cost life insurance 
• Retirement benefits (at age 60) 
• Opportunities for promotion 
• And much more 

Not a bad deal for training that usually takes 
just one weekend a month and two weeks a year. 
Give it some serious thought. Then call us. 

1-800-USA-ARMY 

II AU YOU CAM ar 

ARMY RESERVE 

The UCSD Guardian 

VIRUS: Deadly 
disease proves 
difficult to trace 
CGntInued fNm .... 1 
organization investigating 
hantavinas, has issued warnings not 
to disturb rodent burrows and to 
avoid activities !hal may stirthedusl 
of dried rodent droppings into the 
air. 

According to Messier's thesis 
advisor Sandra Vehrenkamp, the 
COC concluded that hantavirus-
infected the deer mice that inhabited 
Messier's cabin. However, the 
enonnous number of deer mice in 
the Mammoth area makes it 
impossible todetennineexactly how 
Messier became infected. 

"It's such a fluke that she got [the 
virus)." said Vehrenkamp. "We'Il 
never know if she did something to 
bring her into closer contact with 
the mouse." 

"She was just unlucky," agreed 
UCSD Biology Professor John 
Holland. "TIle chance of getting 
hantavirus is about the same as 
getting struck by lightning." 

Hantavirus infections have been 
observed worldwide since early this 
century. In the I 950s, thousands of 
United Nations soldiers in Korea 
were infected with hantaviruses. 
Thjs latest outbreak is a distant 
relative of the earlier strains. 

While the hantaviruses in Korea 
disabled the kidney, the hantavirus 
discovered in the United States 
disrupts the function of the lungs. 

According to Holland, it is 
possible that the hantavirus may 
date back hundreds or even 
thousands of years but wasn ' t 
recorded or diagnosed colTeCtly. 
"This is simply the first time we've 
seen this virus in action," he said. 

'The hantavirus is a class of virus 
which many scientists. including 
Ho11and, believe to be the earliest 
fonn of life on eanh. It consists of 
ribonucleic acid (RNA) enclosed in 
a protein shell. RNA ·is a genetic 
component similar to 
deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). mv 
is an example of another RNA virus. 

RNA viruses have a speedy 
"evolutionary clock," and are 
capable of extremely rapid mutation. 
Holland said this means that the 
virus is perpetually changing and 
evolving in order to best adapt to its 
environment. 

According to Holland, whose 
research concerns the fitness 
adaptation of viruses, it is nearly 
impossible to find two viruses of the 
same origin that areexactly identical. 
This is because RNA-based viruses 

often make mistakes when 
r~p1icating and they lack the 
conventional proofreading 
mechanisms to repairthe mutations. 

Already, different strains of the 
virus have been found in different 
locations around the country. 

In addition, the hantavirus is "an 
ideal fonn of parasite," Holland said. 
Not only is the virus transmitted at a 
high rate in the rodent population, 
but it has no adverse effect on the 
rodent host. This is one of the more 
curious aspects ofhantavirus, and to 
date there is no known explanation. 
However, HoIland 's research has 
shown time and time again that virus 
are sometimes unpredictable. "A 
virus' adaptation to one organism 
teIls you nothing about what it does 
to another." he said. 

Unfonunately. the effect of the 
virus on humans is devastating. After 
an incubation period of several 
weeks, death can occur only days 
after symptoms arise. To further 
complicate matters , initial 
symptoms of infection are similarto 
those of an ordinary illness such as 
a cold or flu. 

Although researchers are 
confident that the virus is transmitted 
through the air, the mechanism of 
transmission once inhaled into the 
body remains unknown, according 
to HoIland. All that is known is that 
lite lungs undergo an inflammatory 
reaction to the virus and fiIl up with 
fluid to the point when they can no 

Monday, September 27, 1993 

AI SPOng! Guard/an 

longer function. 
CDC researchers are frantically 

attempting to unravel the nature of 
this mystenou virus. One of the 
biggest stumbling blocks, said 
Holland,is thatthehantaviruscannot 
be g rown and isola ted using 
conventional means. Instead, CDC 
scientists have to take RNA from 
the virus and undergo the tedious 
process of examining its genetic 
code. This feat is accomplished using 
a new technology known as 
polymerase chain reaction (PCR). 
PCR takes small fragment s of 
genetic material and makes millions 
of copies within a few hours. This 
technique allows researchers to 
study the genes of the virus more 
thoroughly. 

According 10 Holland, the 
scientists' biggesl concern is that 
the virus might be transmitted from 
human to human, which could result 
in an epidemic more widespread 
than AIDS. So far, there have been 
no cases of infected humans 
transm itting the virus to other 
humans. "It is unlikely," said 
Holland. " But we worry that this 
someday might happen." 

Some research has already paid 
off. According 10 the CDC, an 
antiviral drug called ribavirin has 
been proven effective in treating 
severe cases ofhantavirus infection 
ifit isadministeredat an early enough 
stage. Thedifficulty i!> in diagnosing 
the condition before it is too late. 

The Guardian 

We're Not Just 
Monkeying Around 

Moad.y, September 27, 1993 

Miuman Named 
Medical Director 

awtes Mittman, M.D.~ a pul-
monary specialist was named medi-
cal director of the UCSD Medical 
Group this summer. UCSD Medi-
cal Group is the clinical practice of 
the UCSD School of Medicine fac-
ulty, with approximately 250,000 
patient visits. 

Millman also was appointed 
clinical professor of medicine at the 
school. 

"UCSD combines a fine medical 
practice with the missions of teach-
ing and research," said Mittman. "It 
is important that UCSD maintain an 
efficient, effective health care de-
livery system that is integrated with 
UCSD's partners in the community 
and enhances the training oi future 
physicians," said Mittman. 

Before coming to UCSD, 
Mittman was the president/chief 
executive officer of Central Califor-
nia Faculty Medical Group, Fresno, 
which is affiliated with UC San 
Francisco. 

Miumanisa1sothefonnerchair-
man of the board of directors of the 
San Joaqu4n Medical Network, also 
located in Fresno. 

"Dr. Mittman has many years of 
experience in directing a successful 
medical practice and in the educa-
tionofphysiciar)s. WelRdelighted 
that he now will be sharing thai 
expeniscwith ucSn's facultyprac-
tice," said School of Medicine Dean 
John F. Alksne, M.D. 

Mitlman attended the University 
of Chicago. where he received 
bachelor's and M.D. degrees, both 
with honors. He completed post-
graduate medical training at the 
University of QUcago Clinics and 
with the U.S. Public Heath Service 
(USPHS~. 

Mitlman was a member of the 
caultyatUCLAfrom 1967 to 1986, 
and of UCSF from 1988 to 1993. 
- F'nIm Stili ... WIN ~ 

• Sports writers 
• Designers 
• News writers 
• Photographers 
• Copy Readers 

Tile G/lardian H'el£'onles 
lellers from ils reuders. Lellers 
nlllsl be typed. siNlled alld 110 
more Illan two pages. Send all 
correspandence to: 

Opillion Editor 
Tile GllOrdian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0)16 
La Jolla. eA 92(9) 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

we care hair COSTA VERDE CEmR 87SO Genesee 
.""1 YOU ALWAYS GET 1OIIEl"IHClIotORE 587 ·CUlT • M-F 9·8, Sot. 9·6, Sun. 10-5 
------T.------,------

RIDIIN SHADIS EQ I PERMS 
HAIRCUT, I HAIR COLORING I $ 19'511ng1lair· I 
SHAMPOO I GLOSSING$13.9S I ==::' I 

I & CONDmONllG I HIGHUGHTING $24.95 ~ - - - - - -I 
SIUCIII PHfUSIOIIl I I NOW $ 9'5 I COLOR PERMING S9.9S I ... 1 CAlI PIOHCIS 

I ONLY I '0.;:-:' I 20" oft I L ______ L ______ ~ ______ ~ 
DEPARTMENT 

OF THEATRE. 
Try Something Different! 

The Department of Theatre has a topic far you! 
Gay &1 Lesbian Themes in Latino Theatre. THHS 101 
Instructorl JOlJe Huerta 
(Leading authority on comtemporary Chicano and Hispanic-
American Theatre) 
Ancient Greek Drama in Modem Versions. IHHS 103 
Instructorl Marianne McDonald 
(Specialist in the classics) 
J)wc History I BaUct • IHHS 151 (no prerequisite) 
Instructor: Marpret Marshall 
(Coordinator of the Dance Program in the Theatre Dept.) 

Howard Hughes Medical Institute 
Predoctoral Fellowships in 
Biological Sciences 
1994 Competition 
66 fellowships will be awarded for full·time study toward the 
Ph.D or Sc.O. degree in cell biology and regulation,.genetics, 
immunology, neuroscience, structural biology, biostatistics, 
epidemiology, or mathematical biology. 

FeUowship Tenns 
• Three·year initial awards, 

with two·year extension 
possible 

Eligibility 
• Less than one year of post· 

baccalaureate graduate 
study in biology: 
co llege seniors; 
first year graduate tud 'nts; 
M.S., D.O., D.O .. , D.V. M., 
students or professionals 

Schedule 
• Allplicat ion deadline: 

November 5, IO!):! 
• Awards annuunced: 

early April I !)04 

• S 14,000 annual stipend 
• S 12,700 annual cost·of· 

education allowance 

• If an M.DJPh.D. student: 
not in a funded program 

• No citizenship requirements: 
U.S. citizens may study 
abroad; 
others must study in the 
\Jnlted States 

• Fellowsh ips start: 
.Julle 1 994-.Janu~ry 1905 

For Program AnnowlCements, Eligibility 
Guidelines, and Applications 
Hughes Predoctoral Fellowshi'lS 
National Research Council Fellowship Office 
2101 Constitution Avenue 
Washington, DC 20418 
Telephone (202)334·2872 
The Howard HUj!/les Medical lnstilule welcomes applications rrom 1111 qualined 
tandldales and eocOUl1lAt women and members or minority 8JOUJl8 to IIPPI)'. 

NEWS il 

7536 Fay Ave. 

456-8REW 

College ID/prool 01 age required. 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
VERDE 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

CARWASH ~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z-e 

--ucso 

ill L. Joll. VIII ••• Dr . I J J : .. 1 Dr . 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOA CLOTH WASH 

UTe 
I 
8 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEl AT COMPETITIVE PRICES i .rFuiise~j"c;------:j991 
: ~~~6~ P!! !~!! ,..~.~ : 
I C .. \R WASH Nol valid with any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I EXpires 11/1/93 

~----------------- ______ I 
• FRANCE AUSTRALIA RUSSIA ENGLAND 

~ 
~ 
~ 

IfTEANATIONAL PROGRAMS 

BOSTON 
UNIVERSITY 

Strictly World Class 
Global Internships and 
Language/Liberal Arts 

Programs 

~ 
2 Ii ,,,,_...u....,,. ..... __ •• IIII..uultJ: 

;j ...... Uol ... t, •• tnutlootal ........ _ ~ 
~ 232_ SIIIe Roo4.I101 Q.IIooIon. MA 02215 • 6I7fJSJ.9S88 VJ 
~ a.,_ ......... .; ... ~.-;;;.;;-E.l::. ... -;.:. ;.;.~ ... :II:· ..... CI ..... :II: ............. icJoo ...... _ ... ..,.'"' ~ 
• FRANCE AUSTRALIA RUSSIA ENGLAND. 

..... rank. 1.2. ond 3 die _ . in which ,ou- moot intaaled. 
You wiI nrca.e infonnllioe 011 011 01 our;--.w .....-

D LcIrIIa, liIrCIoad D I'IriJ, "'-e 
D MI*id. Spoia D Sydney. Australia 
DMoooow. R.-ia DWas/linclOn. D.C. 

DBcIize 
D Grenoble. Froncq 
CHair .. Isroel 
a Mldrid. Spoin 

D Niomcy. Nip 
D Odord. Enallnd 
C 1'Idova. lialy 
C Quito. Eo:uodor 

1 ___ II". tHlwr 1'0..-<0""1>11" ___________ _ 

I would lite to receive information .bout your semeslerlsurnma- propuns (circle one). 
N~ _____________________________________ __ 

Sfta _________________ ___ City _______ _ 
Swc ________ Zip ____ _ Phone.J.(~L.._ ____ _ 
CoIkFwUm~~ _____________________________ __ 

C_ s-: [lOr CSo D Jr D S. If ". c.I 6.71W-M11. • 



12 NEWS 

Campus Coffee Shops 
Complete Renovation 
UPGRADE: Remodeling at Espresso Roma, Grove 
Caffe i finished without using student fees 
By jennifer Howe 
Guardian Reporter 

Espresso Roma and the Grove 
Caffe. the two coffee shops on cam-
pu ,haveeachundergoneextensive 
remodeling over the summer. 

University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers, business has increased 
since the addition of the outdoor 
seating. 

"TIle new seating also offers a 
section for smoking, and it has the 
potential for a small meeting or pri-
vate party area," said Canuthers. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Espresso Roma, the privately-
owned cafe in the Price Center, has 
added an outdoor patio area. TIle 
restaurant had been losing custom-
ers to the Grove Caffe when the 
weather was pleasant becausepeople 
wanted to sit outside. According to 

TheGroveCaffe, which is owned 
and operated by the Associated Stu-
dents and the Crafts Center, has also 
made a few improvements over the 

See EXPANSION, Page 18 

DIMd Chol GuMctilltl 
~ Roma customers ..." the new outdoor seatIrC ... lit 
the PrIce Center. The expanllon WM completed tta summer. 

AT&T can 
help you save money 

whether you live 
on campus, off campus, 

or somewhere 

• 

in between. 

Choose AT&T and save up to 25%~ 
No inatter where you choose to live, you can save money on your long distance 

phone bill with an AT&T Savings Option. It's all part of The I Plan:" 
The personalized plan designed to fit the way you call. 

To sign up for off· campus calling, or to get an AT&T Card, 
Slop by our booth on campus or call 

1 800 654·0471, Ext. 4119. 
e 
ATlaT 

Monday. Septembe.· 27. 1993 

Donations to 
UC Climhto 
Record High 
GIFTS: UCSD among 
. several campuses to see 
large increase last year 
By EIIn Anderson 
Guardian Reporter 

Private gifts to the University of 
Califomia reached a record high of 
$472 million last year thanks to 
increases at several of the UC cam-
puses and because of an unusually 
large bequest to the Division of Ag-
riculture and Natuml Resources. 

The donation <unount in 1992-
93 was almost 10 percent higher 
than the $30 million in private gifts 
given the previous year and sur-
passed the record total of $436 mil-
lion in 1989-90. 

Last year' s private support in-
creased to record or near-record lev-
els at more than halfofthe nine UC 
campuses. UCSD recorded its sec-
ond-highest annual total as dona-
tions to UCSD jumped from $44 
million to $53 million, an increase 
of nearly 20 percent. 

According to the UC quarterly 
reportofprivatesupport. from April 
toJuly, I993,UCSDwasthefourth-
highest receiver of private dona-
tions. 

Among the other campuses that 
reported significant rises were Davis, 
San Francisco, Irvine and Berkeley. 

UC Vice President William 
Baker said the increase reflects do-
nors' concern for the university. 
"TIle growth demonstrates that our 
donors understand the value of the 
university to the state and recognize 
that they can help this institution 
maintain its excellence l\nd make 
the impact of cuts in state funding 
less severe," he said. 

"We deeply appreciate every 
dollar we receive from donors, now 
more than ever;' Baker added. 

The increase results from a 
heightened use of planned gifts in 
which the donations ·are placed in 
irrevocable trusts to be tumed over 
to the university at a later date. In 
addition, the national focus on health 
care has led to more donations for 
health-related research and pro-
grams. 

Through the Office of the Presi-
dent, the Division of Agriculture 
and Natural Resources also received 
a $10.2 million bequest for support 
of university research and exten-
sion activities for Ventura County. 

UC Spokesman Mike' Alva said 
that the main reason for the rise in 
donations "is the concern that Cali-
fornia individuals have for the uni-
versity. They underswnd thm the 
UC system provides a greut service 
not only to the students, but also to 
the state's residents, and they are 
aware of the UC's critical role in 
California." 

Private support provides about 
five percent of the university 's total 
funding and is used at the nine UC 
campuses for a variety ofpl"!>gr'Jms, 
including financial aid, campus im-
provements, research, educational 
and public service programs and 
other student and faculty activities. 

The GuartliDn 

Monday, September 27,1993 

BURNETf: 
Judge denies 
university's motion 
ContInued from .... 1 
characterizing it as an action of de-
clamtory relief." 

However, Peterson had formerly 
said that the administration has the 
right to control the student fee, 

Burnett said he felt the motion to 
recover legal fees was a scare tactic. 
""There is no basis for this. Even the 
judge said so," he said. 

BU"lCtt quoted administration 
attorney Jennifer Kelly, who told 
the court, " ... we ask that [the court I 
at least allow nominal sanctions in 
order to deter students from bring-
ing these frivolous actions in the 
future." 

That statement, Bumett said, 
showed that the motion was de-
signed "to intimidate students ... it 
was a political lawsuit. .. 

Director of J LPicial Affairs Nick 
Aguilar said the motion to obtain 
the $38,000 was reasonable. "The 
university filed a motion to recover 
costs that were generated from what 
the judge detennined to be a frivo-
lous lawsuit. 

"The interest of the university is 
not in persecuting Chris [Bumett] 
or any other students, but to ensure 
that there is a legal basis for a dis-
pute. The judge detennined thaUhere 
was no legal basis," Aguilar said. 

Aguilaremphasized thatthe law-
suit was not a threat. "It was reason-
able and responsible to minimize 
the cost to students," he said. 

UCAB Chair Aaron Goodman 
agreed, saying Bumett's lawsuit 
unfairly impacted students. "It's 
unfortunate that we were the deep 
pockets in this situation. "The stu-
dents are losing big tirne, and that's 
fBurnett's] biggest backfire;' said 
Goodman, who had agreed to giv-
ing the administration $2,500 for 
the countermotion. 

Goodman said the UCAB bud-
get, which footed $40,000 for ad-
ministrative legal fees, may be ad-
versely affected, Salaries of student 
employees of the University Cen-
ters may be cut. 

"We now have to pay for Chris 
Burnett's legal gallivanting around," 
Goodman said. 

Burnett said he didn' t think that 
UCSD students should have to pay 
to defend the administration against 
a student lawsuit in the first place. 
"TIle judge understood; speaking to 
the administration, he said, 'you guys 
are acting a little out of line in this 
behavior [of recovering legal fees].' 

"If the judge understood this, 
why can 'tother students understand 
this?" Burnett asked. 

Aguilar said the administration 
had the right to pursue the 
countermotion, but ". agree with the 
judge that we should be careful of 
depriving access to courts forfearof 
unjustified sanctions." 

Burnett said that control of stu-
dent fees should continue to be 
sought, though he doesn't think the 
legal system holds the answers. "Just 
because we didn't get exactly what 
we wanted in the lawsuit doesn't 
mean we shouIdn 'tcontinue [to fight 
for student control of fees]. 

"It's a fundamental issue of con-
trol- students don't have it, and 
that's the bottom line," Burnett said. 

Burnett said that, while he was 
relieved that he didn't have to pay 
$38,<xx> to the administration, he 
never really felt he would lose the 
money. 

". didn't think [they had a case], 
though it did cross my mind. I 
woukln't have paid it," Bumettsaid. 

'Zgndergraduate 
Graders for the 

Math Dept. 
Pay rate is $8.73Ihr. 

and hours range from 
5 to 15 per week 

Students must have an 
overall UC GPA of 3.0 

Applications are 
available in the 

Undergraduate Office 

Nota: Unoffidal transcript must 
accompany application when 

submitted 

The UCSD Guardian 

Hyperleaming Classes: Fall 1993 Schedule 
Chem6A Tue and Thur, 6-8 PM 
OChem 140A (Perrin) Tue and Thur, 8-10 PM 
Physics lA (Lumpkin) Tue and Wed, 8-10 PM 
Physics lA (Smith) Mon, 8-10 PM & Tue, 6-8 PM 

000 '1 &. SI",sjou! Physics 2A (Onuchic) Mon" and Wed, 6-8 PM 
All Tutorials begin on Tuesday, Sept. 28th (except 2A, which starts 9/27) and meet every week of the quarter. 
Top instructors organize and teach the material to you intuitively, then lead you 
through lots of problems (plus: reviews for quizzes and the final). 
We're in Suite 1131 of the La Jolla Village Prof. Center, just across from campus. 
Register by phone or in person. 8 to 24 students per class. $175 per quarter. 
Any UCSD student may attend a free first session (during first three weeks) to check 
out the program; satisfaction is guaranteed. Some classes wait-list, so enroll soon! 

455-1000 

, 

THE ONLY THING BIGGER 
THAN OUR CHECKING OFFER IS 

THIS FREE SHIRl: 
Right now, Bank of America has a big 

deal for college students. 
Simply choose from any of our three 

college student checking accounts and 
we'll waive monthly service charges 
every summer up to five years. And, we'll 
give you a free Big Deal t-shirt . 

Only Bank of America gives you free 
acce s to your ca h at over 5,000 Versateller~ 

ATMs in the West including the ATM right 
on campus. Plus a BankAmericard®credit 
card has no annual fee when you link it to your 
BofA checking account for protection against 
bounced checks. So, what are you waiting 
for - stop by your local branch today and ask 
about the big deal on college checking. 

BANKI NG ON AM E RI C A '" 

Stop by and ask for details at: 8813 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla . 
4380 La Jolla Village #100, San Otego 
330 S. Sante Fe Ave., Vista 

1ft Bank of America 
~ FDIC. MontNy _ cllarget wINed dur1ng June. Jdof. and August. up 10 live........,... Ollar applies 10 limlled. Slandard and VERSA TEle ohed<lng aooountS.F_ lor CMI1dran and ottler ec:count· 

~ ......... 1tiI1!pPIy. T·II*\ .-- while ....,.. last throuQt1 October 30. 1983. Crd c.rd oIIered throIq1 Bank 01 AmeI\QI N.A. and Is SIAIjIct 10 credit tlppnMt FuII·tIme c:oIege status requifwd. 



I 
/ 

II 

• • • • 

ear's 
Pace 
• • • • 

TOP 
OPTH. 

UAD 

fJ 

I 

'I'll, ' UCSI) Gllal'dian MOllda),. S""t 1' 111 It",· 27, 1993 Mondav. S"I' tt'1I1 it" .. 27. 19'H '1'1 .. , 1I( :SI) Cuan liall 

Youlve got a lot to keep you busy this new school year - don It let hunger slow you down. 
Visit anyone of these locations and treat yourself to a great meal and a great deal . 

.. ," 1....," ~ ' . ~,,~ _ (Warren) 
The newest addition to campus 
dining features four specialty 
stations; take your pick of pasta 
and pizza, Asian cuisine, sub 
sandwiches or grill entrees. 
Hours: 7: 15am to 7 :OOpm daily. 

e rt ., ~~ (Warren) 
Offering an array of fine hot and 
cold coffees, cappuccinos, teas 
and mochas, as well as fresh 
fruit smoothies and sundry 
items. (Opening Soon.) 

C "11 W (Thurgood 
Marshall) The decor and tree-
top ocean view are as impressive 
as the menu of grilled, stir-fried 
and southwestern entrees. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7:15am to 7:00pm, 
Weekends 1 0:00am to 7:00pm. 

(Thurgood Marshall) 
Fresh pastries and gourmet 
coffees in the morning; gourmet 
burgers, soup and salad bar and 
carne asada burritos for lunch. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7 :OOam to 2:00pm, 
Wed Night 8:00pm to midnight. 

'" I!I~ ~~. aoa (Thurgood 
Marshall) One-stop shopping 
for fast food, snacks and 
sundries. 
Hours: Mon-Thu 8:30am to 9:00pm, 
Fri 8:30am to 7:00pm. 

(I, . (Muir) 
AII-you-can-eat meal deal 
featuring hot entrees, fresh fruit, 
desserts, beverages, soups, and 
salads. Vegetarian selections 
available. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7:30am to 9:30am, 
11 :30am to 1 :30pm, 5:00pm to 
7 :OOpm. Sat and Sun 1 0:00am to 
1 :OOpm, 5:00pm to 7 :OOpm. 

COLOR USED 

8: ,- y J~ OJ 1,I/,~a (Muir) 
Made-to-order chargrilled 
burgers, deli sandwiches, 
snacks, daily specials and 
more! 
Hours: Mon-Thu 7:30am to 
midnight, Fri 7:30am to 3:00pm, 

~ ~ ~ y iOlR. 'W (Revelle) 
AII-you-can-eat great food at a 
great value. Choose from hot 
entress, desserts, fresh fruits, 
soups, salad and deli bar. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7 :30am to 9:30am, 
11 :30am to 1 :30pm, 5:00pm to 
7 :OOpm. Sat and Sun 1 0:00am to 
1 :OOpm, 5:00pm to 7:00pm. 

'II' ,~ ' (Revelle) 
Custom sandwiches, salads, 
pizza-by-the-slice and daily _Ii 
soups and specials. 
Hours: Mon-Thu 7: 15am to 
7:00pm, Fri 7:1 5am to 3:00pm. 

I" ) "" ~. (School of 
Medicine) Featuring 
charbroiled sandwiches, a 
wide variety of salads, 
dinner buffet and more! 
Hours: Mon-Thu 7 :OOam to 
7:00pm, Fri 7:00am to 4:00pm, 
Sun Night 5:00pm to 7:00pm. 

'MA .It ' f!J ' U, (SIO) 
Serves up a magnificent 
view of the ocean with your 11' ' 
choice of grilled-to-order 
sandwiches and daily specials. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7:30am to 3:00pm, 

'p)I," JIJlf'iC ':1. ',P81 $ (All 
around campus) This mobil 
dining service offers a variety 
of hot entrees, sandwiches, 
soup, pizza and snack items. 
Different hours for different stops. 

I .) 

.. 

.' . 
• 



/ 

I -16 CALENDAR 

EVENTS AND 
RECREATION 

Monday-Saturday 
• Walking teur. of the UCSD campus 
conducted by the Student Outreach 
and Recruitment Office (SOAR) are now 
available at 11:00 a.m. Monday 
through Saturday. The 90-minute tour, 
conducted by a student guide, is 
designed to give visitors a taste of the 
academic and social flavor of UCSO's 
undergraduate colleges. Immediately 
following the tour, at 12:30 p .m., 
prospective students are invited to 
attend a general information session 
conducted by a SOAR outreach officer. 
The one-hour presentation reviews the 
differences between UCSO's five 
colleges, while also covering admission 
requirements and support services for 
students . Reservations are made by 
calling 534-1935. Visitors should meet 
outside the SOAR office , located on 
the upper level of the Student Center, 
Building " B.' 

Sunday, Oct. 3 
• Free tours of UCSD are offered every 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sunday this fall and winter by the UCSD 
Visitors Program. Mini-Van tours are 
available the first and third Sundays of 
each month, starting at 3:00 PM from 
the Gilman Information Pavilion. Walking 
tours are offered on alternative Sundays, 
also starting at 3:00 PM from the Gilman 
Pavilion. A portion of the famed Stuart 
Collection of outdoor sculpture is 
included. Although the tour is free, there 
is a minimal UCSO parking fee. 
Reservations are necessary and may be 
made by calling 534-4414. 

CLUBS AND 
MEETINGS 

Monday, Sept. 27 
• 6:30 p.m. - International Club 
Meetlnc- Come and mingle with foreign. 
students and American students at the 
International Center Lounge. We will 
discuss upcoming events and trips. 
• 7 p.m. - lesbian Gay Bisexual 
Association - General business 
meeting. Come out and get involved. 
Women's Resource Center. (weekly) 

Tuesday, Sept. 28 
• 7:30 p.m. - Cal-Anlmage Beta 

Chapter will have its first show of the 
school year. This week of Japanese 
animation will feature the hit movie Akira. 
Admission is free. Solis 107. 
• 6 p.m. - Student Environmental 
Action Coalition (SEAC) - Meeting for 
anyone environmentally inclined. Old 
Student Center room 208 above Soft 
Reserves. 

SERVICES AND 
WORKSHOPS 

Monday-Friday 
• MENTOR - Graduating this quarter 
and job-seeking? We'll match you with a 
professional in your field w~o will get you 
started networking in the localjob rharket. 
Sign up at Career Services 
.1:304 p.m. - DlOJHn Advl.,nc Hours 
- For help with career goals ,job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring 
professional or graduate school 
opportunities. No appointment needed. 
Just walk in. 
• SIGI+ - Computer-based program of 
career information designed to help you 
clarify your skills, values, and interests. 
For more info, come to the Career 

Monday, Septembet' 27,1993 

Services Center. 
Thursday, Sept. 30 

.12 p.m. - Pre-Med Discussion Group 
-:- Pre-meds for 1994 admission meet 
and share ideas and concerns. Career 
Services Center. Religious Services 

RELIGION 
Wednesday, Sept. 29 

• 6 p.m. - Supper for Students 
Sponsored by Lutheran Community at 
UCSD - All are welcome . $2.00 
donation. University Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive . 
.7 p.m. - Bible Study on "Galatians" 
- Led by Lutheran Campus Pastor 
John Huber at Univers[ty Lutheran 
Church . 

Saturday, Oct. 2 
• 4 p.m. - Beach Bonfire Picnic -
Meet at University Lutheran Church, 
across from Revelle College. 

Sunday, Oct. 3 
.10:15 a.m . - Chicago folk Service 
- University Lutheran Church, with 
Campus Pastor John Huber. 
• 11:30 a.m . - Welcoming student 
brunch sponsored by University 
Lutherans. University Lutheran Church . 

Monday, September 27, 1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 17 

Fl o. THE D II EC T 0 I 0 F '1 ME' ADD A • S FA I Ill! 
Michael J. Fox 

__ ...,. Sept. 20: 
1:55 a.m.: A 42-year-old male nol'Hlffiliate was arrested for misdemeanor 
warrants on possession of marijuat'la and a traffIC violation at 8900 Villa La Jolla 
Drive. 
6:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a blue IU5 Raleigh Mountain Tour 
Bike from Marshall College Apartments. Loss: $150. 
7:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a white B-21 Trek 8000 from 8054 
Regents Rd. Loss: $500. 
....., .... 21: 
2:30 p.m.: A student suffered lacerations to the chin after falli'll at Argo Hall. 
Transported to Student Health. 
&:00 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a 1988 GMC Jimmy from Lot 
103. Loss: $10,000. 
11:15 p.m.: All 18-year-01d male student suffered from acute alcohol intoxlc~ 
tion at Marshall College domls. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
W ....... ·IJ .... zz: . 
10:150 Lm.: A student reported the theft of a scooter fairing and scooter bra 
in Lot 208. Loss: $175. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a yellow Spaldl~ Fr18 bike from the 
old Student Center. Loss: $150 . 
5:34 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a wallet from the Price Center 
Bookstore. Loss $70. 
TIIundIr ....... II: 
4:04 a.m.: A burglary of the Price Center catering office and kitchen was 
reported, as well as the theft of a Cushman Cart from the Registrar's OffICe. 
Loss: $2,263. All property was recovered on La Jolla Shores Dr. and Horizon. 
7:150 Lm.: A construction superintendent reported vandalism to Institute of 
Geophysics and Planetary Physics construction site. Loss: $5,000. 
11:30 a.m.: A staff member reported a burglary of Ritter Hall. Loss: $2,606. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a black Nishiki 816 bike from the Argo 
Hall bike rack. Loss: $350. 
2:25 p.m.: A male student Injured his leg playing volleyball at the Muir sand 
volleyball court Transported to Student Health. 
2:41 p.m.: A student twisted his knee playing volleyball at the Main Gym. 
Transported to SCrIpps Memorial HospItal by units. 
4:20 p.m.: A nol'Hlffillate reported the theft of a video game circuit board from 
the Midde of Muir game room_ Loss: $1,000. 
5:15 p.m.: A staff mefOOer reported the theft of a beige 1989 Chevrolet pick-
up from 8702 La Jolla Shores Dr. Loss: $15,000. 

We're looking for 
someone with lab 
experience to 
develop and shoot 
our photographs. 

Interested? 
Call Dave Cho at 
534-6580 or send 
a resume and 
cover letter to: 

Eric Schmidt 
The Guardian 

9500 Gifman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

- ComplIed by .lonna hImer, Associate News Editor I:;;;;;;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii;!l 

PRACTICUM IN 
TELEVISION PRODUCTION 

FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
All fully enrolled UCSO students are invited to 

participate in a TV production training program taught 
by Robert Trachinger. former ABC executive-producer 
and adjunct professor at the UCLA film school. The 
practicum is a collaboration developed by the Associated 
Students Broadcast Services and UCSD-TV, CH. 35. 

Up to 20 students, undergraduate and graduate, 
will be selected to participate in the practicum which 
will provide training in production techniques and lead-
ership. The goal of the program is to develop a group of 
independent student producers to work with UCSO-TV. 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 
52 pinlJ all night 
5~ dogs during the game 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
from 3 pm-c/ose. 
$2 pinta on our 

BrewMaster Specials 
from 7 pm-close 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew for $5 

(53 with UCSD ID) 
Refill. 52 each &: every week 

from 7 pm-close 

An orientation for the practicum, including 
;:'pplication information and the opportunity to apply, 
will be held: 

Wednesday, September 29 
5 - 7:30 p.m. 

rj-'ans-Sj---
Room 139, Media Center 

Students must be willing to attend practicum 
seminars every Wednesday from 5 - 7:30 p.m. during 
the fall quarter and spend 3-4 hours a week doing 
production activities. This practicum is availablQ to 
UCSD students at no cost. See you Wednesday! 

30 Tan Days $29"* 
And while 
you're here ... 

r--i;';,-i;iiours · Guaranteedi- I 
I With our European ~ Wraf] ~ $4 • . Lexe at lead 6' or!PJ don't pay. No exerci~e 01' dieting. I 
I ~CTTAN'" I GClI..D9I ~ La JoIa PacifIc 98I1Ch' pt. LOI1'IiI- Mi~~ion V~' I 3251 ~day Cl. 4S5-Q952 581-9060 224-9727 542-0391 I 
I acr()<;~ ~trQOt Irom .1 Torilo . 455-0909 Fir~l timo cHQf'll~ only. 'Tanning location.; ""BOdy wrap localiOl'K I I r ird month of I ......... ~ l~ ':.29.9':), No ~ ,~. 0tIy * UK:Ofld month ' ..... 4d. pa~ (W)b rnohlh I~O' . ~3'9.99.. I· 

~ with a....~ r, .... !:oIM Io<lr ic lion< ~J-lAifwJ (Of>Oll lo< 01'-'. 01'-',..... bo di<conl .. o<>tJ.I df>,j I.,,,.. 
L __________________________ ~ 



18 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

.1, 

I , 

< ' 

~~What A Great Experience!" 
Learning the Language. 
Meeting people. Coming face to face 
with history, art and architecture, 
culture, food and fun. 

UNIVERSITY STUDIES ABROAD 
CONSORTIUM ... 
Small classes. Personal attention. 
Fully accredited - receive university 
credit. We provide great classes in 
intensive language, history, 
anthropology, art, business, 
economics, political science ... 
Organized field trips and more. 
You provide the enthusiasm. 

University Studies 
Abroad Consortium 
University of Nevada Library - 322 
Reno, Nevada 89557-0093 
(702) 784-6569 

CHILE • FRANCE • ITALY • SPAIN • AUSTRALIA • ENGLAND 

The new 
3-D graphing 
grade-making 
easy-learning 
fast-answering 
budget-pleasing 
headache-busting 
HP48G 

Cheek It out 
The new HP 48G graphic calcula-
tor gives you a whole lot more for 
a whole lot less than you think. 

Get more 
· Push a button, choose from the 

pull~own menu, and fill in the 
blanks. Entering data is that easy. 

· View ~D graphs. 
• Access over 300 built-in equations. 
• Perfonn algebra and calculus 
operatiOM on equations before 
entering values. 

• Enter and see equatiOM like they 
appear on paper. 

• Work with different units of 
measure. The HP 48G will convert 
them for you. For example, enter 
inches, centimeters, yards, and 
feet, together in one equation -
it'll convert them. 

Get more ... for Ie. 
• Compare prices - the HP 48G fits 
yourbudgel 

Speclallntroductory ofre'" 
When you buy an HP 48G or 
UP 48GX, you can get free 
software (Plus games!) and a free 
cable for connecting to your 
desktop PC. Write programs for 
the HP 48 using your PC keyboard, 
or store HP 48 fLIes and programs 
on your desl<top PC. 

Pick up a coupon at your coUege 
bookstore. 

FliDW- HEWLETT 
a:~ PACKARD 

• orrN g'kwl "hll~ SUllpli"'llasl on purr ha.'K's 
nuuh" frnm AlIgll~1 I. looa thmugh 
(klol",r ;l t. WIl'J. s.'~ ('Oltpon for I~nns 
i:Ulri rancli. ions. 

1I.'wlr ll ·ParkllJ'd ('om "any. PO 123008 

Monday, September 27, 1993 

EXPANSION: 
Coffee shops . finish 
extensive remodeling 
ContInued from ,.,. 12 
summer months. 

"1be intention is to speed every-
thing up," said Grove Caffe Man-
ager Ron Carlson. The cafe, which 
is scheduled to open on Monday. 
has been busy duplicating all of its 
original services. 

"We'll have two entrances, two 
lines, two menu boards and two 
registers." Carlson said. 

Some other improvements in-
clude a new retractable awning and 
an outdoor condiment table, nnd for 
customers who need their coffee 
even faster. the express bar will 
remain open. 

"No student fees were used for 
the improvements. Everything carne 
outofGroveCaffeprofits." Carlson 
added. 

Be apart 
ofUfSD's 
award 

• • wmmng 
fraditiOD. 

We need: 

• Writers 

• Photographers 

• IDustrators 

• Copy Readers 

• Opinion Columnists 

• Production Workers 

Pay us a visit at our 

offices on the second 
floor of the old 

Student Center (right 
above the General 

Store Co-op). 01' call 
534-6580. Wllichever. 
We're flexible. 

111.1 UC •• JARDIAN 

Monday, September 27. 1993 

M. SOCCER: 
Tritons spearhead 
CSUN Matadors, 3-1 
ConIInuId ......... 28 
the game, 'however, UCSD'sjun-
ior forward Ken Fuji decided to 
put this one away. Fuji followed 
Kosakoff's example as he took 
the ball on I breakaway and 
hlasted a shot from the right-
hand side of the penalty box. 
Matador goalie Mark Mcdonald 
was unable to nag down Fuji's 
shot as the Tritons went up by 
two. 

But Northridge roared back 
as the Matadors slipped a shot 
past goalie Madden. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A nervous Armstrong prayed USD also finished I-I but was 
thal the panic attack thal plagued awarded second plac'e based on 
UCSD on Friday wouldn't ail goal differentials. 
his team again. His fears were Seattle Pacific took the Tour-
quelled when the Tritons bared nament title with a 2-0 finish 
down and took home the win. and Northridge wound up in 

Armstrong asserted that fourth place, finishing 0-2. 
UCSD dominated most of Overall, Armstrong contends 
Saturday's game and lhat he es- lhat the weekend was a huge suc-
pecially enjoyed himself. cess. "We got a lot of experience 

"It was a very tactical game," out of [the tournament]," he said. 
he said. "I know the CS UN coach "It was a playoff atmosphere. 
and strategies very well. Any- and the games were of playoff 
thing they did - we countered. intensity." 

"They were completely frus- Armstrong was also pleased 
trated." Armstrong added. with the spirit of his young 

The I-I finish was good squad. 
enough to net third place for the "Our confidence surprised me 
Tritons on lhe weekend, who are a little. It really was a positive 
now 6-2 overall. weekend," he said. 

CATltolic MEN, 
PONdERiNG 

YOUR FUTURE? 

AUGUSTiNiAN PRiESTS ANd BROT~ERS 
SERVE IN PARis~ES, Sc~ools ANd 

SOCiAl WORk 

VOCATiON RETREAT 
NOVEMbER 1 2 " 14 

Contact Fr. Jim 235-0247 for more information 

SPO RTS 19 

V-BAIJ,: Tritons four points to take the game (16-14), the match, and the tournament cham-
Capture UCSD pionship. 
Invitational Crown Sophomore-setter Amy Crotty paced the team with42assist . Kranz, 
ContInued from .... 26 had 14 kills. Harvey 12 and Vesanovic 
dominating the game, 15-3, and win- II. Needless to say. Dannevik was 
ning the match easily in three straight. impressed with his team 's efforts. 
Biesheuvel led all players with 12 'This is the best we have played to 
kills. date. A week ago we weren't winning 

Top-ranked UCSD was set to take games [when tied at 12]. Overall, it 
on the western region's number- two was a great weekend of volleyball." 
team, the University of Redlands, for Not only did the UCSD Invita-
the tournament championship. tional do wonders for the Tritons' 

The Tritons cruised through the win/loss record, it also reaped ben-
ftJ'Stgame, 15-3. and stole the second. efits for individual Tritons as well. 
15-11. Harvey was named the tournament's 

Game three was a battle down to Most Valuable Player, while Crotty 
the wire. Redlands grabbed a 14-12 and Kranz were chosen for Ihe AII-
lead, but the Tritons collected the last Tournament team. 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE· 
'wilh Ihis ad. OIferexplres 10111193. 

• AEROBICS ·lIFECYClES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRMASl£RS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUTILUS • PERSONAlINSTRUCTIOH 

·4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (696-1702) 

First VISIt Incentives! 

eyre like 
Really, reatly cheap. 

Apple 
9y1eWriIe"'ll. 

. . 

Right now, you can get a great price on an Apple~ printer for your 
Macintosh~ So you'll be able to print sharp, professional-looking papers 
right there in your room - without haYing to wait around at Ole com-

I 
/ 

Apple Personal 
lmcrWriler· 300. 

. puter lab, You can even get special fmancing with the Apple Computer 
Loan: See your Ap~e Campus Reseller today And discover the J. 
power more college students prefer. The power to be your best~ _ . 

LJCSD 
IJOOKSTC>RE :< K- TO·SCHOOL APPLE PRICES END OCTOBER 15! 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 

r 

. ' 



20 The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 27,1993 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
$2.99 

" double prints 

~~3.99 
rt_ .... ~ 

4" double prints 

Any size Color roll 
Sept. 27 - Oct. 1 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
& 

REVELLE SUNDRY 

Offer good for color printlilm only. No B&W. No slides. No limit 

Finally ••• 
FAST Help 
With Your 

Student Loan 
-Fmt 
-Local 

We dare other lenders to beat 
us! If you need special help, 
we aren't a vague voice in 
New York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help. 

Free Credit Union Membership 
for Student L~an Applicants! 

We waive your membership fee and you enjoy 
outstanding financial services from any of 22 countywide 

branch locations. Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

,,, Mission Federal credit Union 
.. \... SElMNGTHEEDUCAnONAlCOMMUMTYs 

Million Federat is. SS60 millioo cralil union which has ltrvaf the afucalional community 
of Sin OieJO COIlllly for II10R !hIn I qUll1er ccnlury. Rates. IermS. conditions, and _ices subject to chanae. 9/93 

TheUCSD 
Bookstore offers 
a fuLL assortment 

ofpersonal 
organizers from 
$5.50 to $95.00 

including fine leather and economical 
schedule planners. 

eDay Runner 
eWrite Track 
eScully 
oStudent Bodies 

eQuo Vadis 
eKeith Clark 
oSouthworth 
eDesign House 

l ( : ~I> Book ... tol"· 
Sllpplit· ... 1>"l'al'llIlI'lIt :-;:~ \ - t:~~() 

iurAl 
Sf[UH iV 

Protect the contents 

Completely portable & casy to usc 

Monday, September 27,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Jason RltCIlIe/Guatalan 
Junior oeorp Heprty looks to drop the bell Into the hole .,..nat Air Fon:e clefencler Pete Kaplan (11). 

UCSD Just Plane Troubled 
WATER POLO: UCSD tops Arkansas-Little Rock, falls to UCSB and Air Force 
By BIIan K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

Not even an F-18 Hornet could 
have jettisoned the Triton men's wa-
ter polo squad off the Air Force 
Academy's 7.500 foot, altitude-rich 
Colorado Springs campus quick 
enough for Head Coach Denny 
Harper's liking. 

UCSD, ranked I OIh in the nation, 
uncharacteristically managed to win 
only one of its three games in last 
weekend's U.S. Air Force Academy 
Invitational, bringing its overall 1993 
season record to 8-4. 

The Tritons' troubles began when 
their participation was nearly 
grounded before the tournament even 
started due to two successive airplane 
departure delays in San Diego and 
Denver. 

"We didn't have much time to 
spare," Harper said. "We only had 
about 15 minutes to wann up [before 
our fllSt scheduled game]." 

One look at San Diego's fll'St 
opponent's team roster, Arkansas-
Little Rock, and Harper had to won-
der if his team had landed in the right 
country. 

Arkansas·Little Rock sponed a 
grand total of six players from the 
United States. The rest of the 17-
member squad hailed from such places 
as the Dominican Republic, Spain, 
Turtcey, Holland and Croatia. 

Fortunately ,jet lag, a late start and 
cultural confusions could not deter 
UCSD's victory vector. 

Junior scoring-sensation Mike 
Nalu added five goals, one a two-
pointer from beyond the seven-meter 
range, to lead the Tritons to a 16-10 
win. 

Senior Sean Kinghorn and junior 
Marcello Giulianotti chipped in three 
goals each, while hometown favorite 
sophomore Britt Miura. a La 10lla 
product, also bagged a pair of goals in 
the winning effort. 

"Lin Ie Rock has a good team," 
Harper said. 'The Top 20 rankings 
should change after this weekend. 
They are definitely a much better 
lS9uad] than some of the ranked teams. 
VIe blew UC Riverside out of the 
water (224) and they are ranked in 
the top 20." 

However, after Friday, the Tri-
tons' winning streak stalled. The sixth-
ranked Gauchos of UC Santa Barbara 
spoiled San Diego's Top 10 upset 
hopes by wrangling a surprise 11-10 
victory out of what seemed imminent 
defeat. 

Throughout the hotly-contested 
game, the Tritons controlled the lead 
after each of the fllSuhree quarters (3-
2,6-5 and 8-7), but the Gauchos re-
fused to yield. 

Just when Nalu seemed to have 
sealed the victory for UCSD with his 
third goal of the game, giving the 
Tritons a three point lead with only 
three minutes left to go in the game, 
UCSB nailed a man-up opportunity 
goal to CUI the lead to I ()'8. 

Less than 25 seconds later UCSD 

committed a fatal turnover, which 
quickly led to a two-point scorcher 
shot by UCSB sophomore Kevin 
Eggert, tying the game 10-10. With 
only 42 seconds on the clock. the 
Gauchos forced another UCSD kick-
out and converted the man-up goal to 
steal the victory. 

" It was preuy deflating," admined 
Harper. "We played so well. We were 
crushed. That was a tough one to lose. 
It still hurts. 

"Santa Barbara was very happy to 
get out of this game with a win. They 
knew we had a strong team," 

As if that heartbreaking loss wasn 't 
~nough, tl1tTritons had to face the 
always tough-at-home host Air force 
Academy Falcons later that same day. 

Adding more heat to the fire. the 
. Falcons were seeking revenge after a 

16-6 shellacking at the hands of the 
Tritons early this year at the UCSD 
Invitational. 

"This was not a game for people 
with weak hearts," noted Harper. 

The score was tied after each of 
the fllSt four quarters (44,7-7, 9-9 
and II-II), sending the game into 
overtime. After two overtimes, yield-
ing only a single goal to both teams, 
the Falcons netted a long two-pointer 
to capture a 14-12 sudden-death win. 

"It was a tough day of water polo," 
summed up Harper. 'This is a tough 
place to win. We are not ready to cash 
in an early season. It just wasn't our 
day. The team handled it pretty well. 
We move on." 

UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY AND STAFF 
ARE CORDIALLY ·INVITED TO 

FIND 
Roommates 

TIckets 
Can 
Bikes 
Deals 

-+- UNIVEk~ifY LUTIiEkAN tHu~tH ~ ANb EGUMENI~AL tENTE~ 
.........."... 

Across the street from Revelle College 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North Torrey Pines Road 

A free welcoming brunch will be served after church, October 3 
Sunday Worship at 10:15 a.m .... Student Suppers on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. 

Bible Study at 7 p.m .. "Our Lounge. Chapel . and Library 
are open daily, except Monday. 

For further Information or pastoral care, contact 
c.mpus pastor John O. Huber, D. Min., 453-0561 or 459-8855 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
AutoRepalr 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
aad IIICIft Ia 

......... 

upstairs In the 
Student Center. 

ab<wethe 
General Store. 

SPORT 21 

$115· 
$170· 
$170· 
$135· 

lay Ara $ 49· 
• Al' IRS are «ICh ~ booed on 0 

. T<D<CS not IOCluded. Some r<Sb'lCloons olll)ly.1 
SCudenI SIiItus rrtItf be ~oed . 
..... .""...., ..... 4fNII1 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

0,.. ..... T .... n.s.. Fri. t.5 wet. 11-5 

STOP THE PAIN NOW! 
... without drugs or surgery! 

• Headaches • Sports injuries 
• Arthritis • Auto accidents 

Initial Exam 
& Treatment 

• Neck and back pain • Work injuries wilh th is ad 

4275 £",ecutiue Square, Suite 220 452-2882 
Dr. Sl'ott J. Ikl'kl'r • (lrtitinl (hiropr,lltl< 'port, I'h\,ilian 

NEVER TOO LATE. 
Think you missed rhe G r.du,lIe Record Exam deadline! Think "Ra m. Wllh 
[he new on·demand RE, YOLI emi l.! he laicmg [he te,' tl'ml1rrow And 'ce 
your score the ' '''tJnt Y"" finl , h . S~",e repOrl , are 1I1;"led 10 I.' IS J,IY' 
late r. III plenty of t"ne (or mm l " hool, de,ld lmc,. Ca li llow fo r " "I ,lilt 
regIStration . • Educalloll .1 1 TCHlnR SerVILe 

• Sylvan Technology Centers® 
fort 0/ tht ~va" l.Lanu~g Cl lclt' Nt hlXJrt 

r--------------------~ Unplanned Pregnancy? '. 
Decisions to Make? 

Don't face this crisis alone--
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ... We Can Help You 

2n s. Rancho SanII Fe Ad. 
SuiteS 

San Marcos, CA 92069 
744-1313 

ISO-A N. EI Camino Real 
Wieg8nd Plaza 

Encinitas, CA 9202<1 
942-5220 

L 24 Hr Hotline 1-800-848-LOVE .J 
--------------------

FASHION MODELS 
New from New York City: 
MARTA MICHAUD 

is now acceptins subrylissions 
Women: 11-25 urs. 5'9- plus 

Men: 18+ urs. S'lr plus 
Editorial Types, No Experlence Necessary 

Style a Must! 

(310)281-1129 ~ __________________ ~r 



I 

" 

21 SPORTS 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questio"s ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

II hil I I ' 1/11/1" h(/l l" tI/l III.1.!, 
11m I 1'(111 I/ '{//I I 11 1(1 
«(1//11111/(' d ()/II.I.!, ;, 

II h((1 " 1'/1// 1" h f ll l' 
r/(I/lI.1.!, I h(/ I I (III tI/l 1i '/ 
I/ ·O //III/f, I l('t/()i ll.t;' 

II ,,"ltlpllI Iii'l' '!/II/l' 
Ihlll.~ 11( ' // {/1II1,illli' /'( 'II / ' 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts WomensCuts $4 $5 
OFF OFF 

YOU COULD EARN $300 
OR MORE A MONTH 

If you have recently had or currently have any of the 
(ollowing, you could qualify to be a plasma donor, 
earn extra money and benefit medical research . 

• Rheumatoid ArthritiS 
• Epstein-Barr Virus 

• Hepatitis A or B 
• Herpes I or II 
• Mononucleosis 

• Chicken Pox 
• Rh Factor 
• Chlamydia 
• Syphillis 

• Lupus 
CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATlONl 

CB j 
HemaBiOIoglcs, Inc. 

226·1733 
• .. 'l. " .. .. .... ~ ..... 

in the heart if the 
A Private Setting Open to the Public to 
Celebrate the Important Events of Life 

• Weekend Brunches 
• Greek Formals 
• Weddings 
• Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 
• Graduations 
• Anniversaries 
• Retirement Parties 
• Alumni Reunions 
• Christmas Parties 

Complete Goannct Catering • Banquet and Meeting Facilities 
1Ir:----Call (619)534-0876 ---... 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 27, 1993 

Tritons Take Tourney ntle 
WOMEN'S 
VOLLDBALl: UCSD 
crushes four Division ill 
foes in two-day event 
By Aron MOler 
Associate Sports Editor ~ 

An endurance-rich Triton 
women's volleyball team racked up 
four wins in four games in only two 
days this past weekend at the UCSD 
Invitational. They improved their sea-
son record to 9-4 and maintained a 
fmn grip on the number-two spot in 
the NCAA Division ill rankings. 

The Tritons' first test came from 
the Occidental College Tigers, whom 
UCSD beat earlier this year. 

Occidental jumped to an early 3-
I advantage. but the Tritons scored 
the next five points on the serve of 
senior Elizabeth Vesanovic to take a 
6-3 lead. After going down 12-11, 
UCSD rallied for the final four points 
to take game one IS-12. 

The second game brought more of 
the same for the Tritons. Behind ex-
ceptional front-line defense from 
redshin freshman Rose Vilt and jun-
ior Jennifer Cross, UCSD captured 
another 15-12 victory to take a two 
games to none advantage. 

With the match seemingly under 
control, UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik looked at game three as an 
opportunity to use some of his untried 
players. 

Using much of its bench, UCSD 
appeared un fazed and vaulted to a 
commanding IO-S lead, looking for 
the three game sweep. But with inex-
perience comes inconsistency. Occi-
dental took full advantage of the Tri-
tons ensuing shoddy play. winning II 
of the final 15 points to take the third 
game. 16-14. 

Undaunted. UCSD throttled the 
Tigers in game four, using vicious 
spikes from Cross and senior Laura 
Kranz to take Ihe game, IS-9. and the 
match. 

"Overall. , was impressed with 
our effort," said Dannevik. "Ourrota-
tional defense and our blocking were 
both very good. and we answered just 
about everything Occidental threw at 
us." 

Vesanovic and Kranz led the Tri-
tons with 13 kills a piece. while junior 
Julie Harvey collected a team-lead-
ing 22 digs. 

Claremont College was next up 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons remain 
undefeated with wins 
over CSUF and USD 
ContInued from .... 28 
tons, who outshot Cal State Fullerton 
11-2 and had nine comer kicks to the 
Titans' one. In the first four games 
UCSD shot the lights out of opposing 
teams yet struggled to win three and 
tie one in overtime. 

"I've got to stay away from games. 
I'm getting to old for this." UCSD 
Head Coach Bri;m McManus said. "It 
gets frustrating having so many 
chances, but we just kept working. 
But we'll have to look for miracles 
against USD." 

Fortunately for the Tritons. 
McManus was not a fortune teller. 
The Toreros. 1-4 on the year. are a 
team even younger than the Tritons 
with only one senior and one junior. 

UCSD ended its regulation time 
scoring frustration early in the game 
off a Pugh comer kick. The sopho-
more nailed it to the center of the goal 
where it bounced around for a few 

Elizabeth Vesanovlc records a elg In the UCSD win over Claremont. 

for UCSD, and after the first game it 
looked as if the Tritons were on their 
way to an easy sweep. taking game 
one. IS-3. 

But Claremont was obviously not 
intimidated by UCSD's high national 
ranking, taking game two IS-12. 

Game three seemed equally pain-
ful for the Tritons, at least initially. 
Poor passing and lack of communica-
tion gave the Athenas a quick 7-1 
cushion, and Claremont was pumped. 
But eventually talent and composure 
prevailed. UCSD scored 14 of the 
next 18 points to win the game. IS-II. 

Inconsistency again loomed large 
in game four. UCSD made a match-
high \0 errors to hand Claremont a 
IS- \0 victory and send illo a fifth and 
deciding game. 

"We beat ourselves in that fourth 
game," said Dannevik. "But it's still 
early in the season and we're going to 
make some mistakes." 

UCSD made no mistakes in game 
five,literally,comparedtotheAthenas 
six. and easily took the game, JS-S, 

seconds before finding its way to 
Muchowski, who tapped it into the 
net forthe 1-0 lead. 

The Toreros turned outto be prob-
ably the Tritons' toughest foe of the 
year. Used to dominating a game. 
UCSD suddenly found itself in a see-
saw battle, with the midfielders and 
defenders getting a whole lot more 
work than they were used to. 

USD took tOial control ofthe game 
fort he last 15 minutes of the half and 
put the Tritons on their heels. UCSD 
looked confused on defense, espe-
cially on the Toreros' goal with 10:02 
remaining in the half. 

Mindy Campbell took a pass all he 
top of the penalty box and dribbled a 
circlearoundTritonChrista Wemmer, 
who ended up watching from behind 
as Campbell lofted a shot past 
Schwartz into the left comer,to tie the 
contest. 

But Wemmer made up for the 
mistake in a big way in the second 
half. After several more close calls, 
Johnson took a pass in the left corner 
and cut back to the center. She nailed 
a shot at USD keeper Danielle Lopez 
which bounced off of Lopez and right 

and the match. 
Harvey once again stood out, lead-

ing UCSD with 17 kills. another 22 
digs, while committing only 2 errors. 
Kranz racked up 14 more kills. 

Playing their third match in a little 
over 24 hours. Dannevik once again 
utilized his bench to its fullest. start-
ing five freshmen against Southwest-
ern University of Texas. which had 
lost its first two contests handily. 

UCSD won the first game without 
much of a fight from Southwestern. 
15-7. Game two was a tougher test for 
the Triton youth. Down 14-11 , their 
backs were against the wall and it 
seemed inevitqble that Southwestern 
would tie the match at one game each. 
But led by strong play from freshmen 
Mieke Biesheuvel and Kelly 
McGlothlin. UCSD rallied back to 
win the final five points and take the 
game. 16-14. 

Down two games to none. South-
western rolled over and played dead 
and the Tritons took full advantage, 

See V-BALL, Page 19 

to the feet of Wemmer. who put the 
ball in for the game winner. 

There were still 25 minutes to play. 
however, and UCSD almost didn't 
make it through. With 18 minutes to 
play, Campbell again fired off a 
wicked shot, this one nailing the cross-
bar and bouncing right at Torero 
Kristen Campbell who headed it over 
the goa\. 

Johnson added an insurance goal 
forthe Tritons with 5:39 to play when 
she lobbed a shot into the upper right 
comer from 35 Y<lrds to finish off the 
scoring. 

But from McManus' reaction, you 
would not have been able to tell who 
won. 

''TIli was the worst game l;Ve've 
played this year - they gave us a 
clinic," McManus said . "We just 
battled hard and kept our hea';.> up. 
We were tired from Wednesday and 
we had players like (WemmerJ come 
through for us. " 

"We have a lot to work on because 
we made some stupid mistakes," Lee 
said of the Tritons. "But those are 
things that will come in time as long 
as we keep playing hard." 

Moaday, SeptenWer 27, 1993 

COLUMN: 
Slow-Qappers of the 
World Come Together 
ConIInuId fnIm .... 28 
enhancing drug use have slow-dap-
pers on the defensive. Within hours 
of its creation. slow-clapping's pre-
viously spotless reputation has been 
tarnished by the drug-abuse contro-
versy. 

This performance-enhancing 
method isn't blood doping or ana-
bolic steroids. but an over-the-
counter cold medicine that's easy to 
buy and more addictive than cocaine. 
It's NyQuil. the nighttime sniffling 
sneezing coughing aching stuffy head 
fever so you can rest medicine. and 
the athletic community is concerned. 

When ingested just minutes be-
fore competition. NyQuil slows down 
a clapper's neuromuscular functions 
dramatically, giving the competitor 
an unfair advantage. 

NyQuil is not among the dozens 
of substances banned by the Interna-
tional Olympic Committee. so 
NyQuil use by sJow-clappers is not 
considered illegal. 

An IOC Official who requested 
anonymity fears that NyQuil's con-
tinued legality will make slow-clap-
ping a colossal failure. 

"Don't get me wrong; we're not 
accusing anybody of any wrongdo-
ing. but the potential consequences 
of NyQuil abuse are grave. 

"Forget about anabolic steroids. 
blood doping or any other so-called 
performance-enhancing drugs. 
Those are small potatoes. We're 
afraid that NyQuil will induce 
drOWSIness so severe that competi-
tors will be unable to slow-clap. let 
alone operate heavy machinery. be-
cause they will be comatose. 

"Comatose athletes strewn around 
the gymnasium might be OK at UC 
Riverside, but as far as the Olympic 
Games are concerned. it's just not 
good PR." the official added. 

With the 2000 Games a scant 
seven years away. China, the world's 
newest athletic superpower. must be 
considered the early favorite . And 
what about America' s medal hopes? 

Since slow-clapping requires a 
great deal of physical lethargy and a 
healthy sense of anger and disillu-
sionl1\ent. you can place smart-
money bets on several Guardian 
staffers as favorites for the Gold. 

CROSS 
COUNTRY: 
B Team runners 
produce promising 
results at Riverside 
ConUnueci from PICe 26 

He added. '" also wanted to test 
everyone by laying responsibility on 
those who weren't used to having it. 
I was really pleased with how the 
team responded to racing without 
theirnumber-onerunners. We're just 
trying to let them know that they can 
compete." 

Having given his Team B runners 
a taste of the competition, Van 
Arsdale feels confident heading into 
this weekend's big event up in the 
Bay Area. 

All the top guns. including AIl-
American candidates Castner and 
Reza. will tackle the unique opportu-
nity of running aloog the Stanford 
University campus golf course. 

This test should "open eyes as to 
how well they can compete." ac-
cording to V an Arsdale, and it should 
be the team's "first stepping stone 
toward the Nmional ." 

The UCSD Guardian 

o £ PA 1 T I( E NT 0 F THEATREj:! 
Do You Wanna Dance? 

New Dance Classes for Fall Quarter '93. Enrol! Now! 
THDA • Beptnine Ballet 11 :00·11 j5Q MWF 
Instructor: Judy Sharp, Ballet Mistress for California Ballet 

. Company 
(No prior experience necessary) 
THDA • Beprning 1m 8:30·9:50 T.:Ih 
Instructor: Tony Galigagon, dancer in Jerome Robins 
Broadway; Alvin Ailey Company; resident choreographer and 
principal dancer, Jan Unlimited Dance Co. 
(No prior experience necessary) 
UIDA lOLA (BOO) .lntennedjate Ballet 10:00-10:50 MWF 
Instructor: Judy Sharp 

---------------------

North Balcony . Main Gymnasium 

SPOIlT 23 

Mathematics Department 

~I Fall '93:"00 You need a Math course that is an alternative to Calculus? 
MATH 15A 

"Introduction to Discrete Mathematics" 

Calculus is still basic math for the physical sciences and engineering. 
but in the "Information Age" there are new problems requiring a 
diHerent way of Mathematical thinking-Discrete Mathematics! As 
the math that provides the foundation for computer technology, it 
deals with "trees," paths on a grid, strings of symbols-{;oncepts we 
can visualize and reach easily with our intuition . 
Instructor: 
Prerequisite: 
Time: 
Place: 
Section Codes: 

Professor A. Garcia 
Good command of high school algebra 
MWF 2-2:50 p.m. 
HSS2305 
180544 (Th 8-8:50 a.m.) 
180545 (Th 9-9:50 a.m.) 

For more information, please conlacllhe Undergr.:duate Office 
in APM 7018 

PRill 
HERE 

Instead of roaming the parking lOIS, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax . 

Enjoy yourself. Tum up your headset. Look al the scenery for a change. Talk. Cram for a test of you have to . 
Why drive yourself nuts when you can ride for only $48 a month. As many rides on buses and trolleys as you want. 

Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

The Roules To Know To Get Where You Want To Go 
Four San Diego Transil roules se rve UCSD. Chances are, one 
will take you directly where you want to go. If not , an easy 
transfer connects you 10 bus and trolley routes going eve ry-
where in the county. Urban Fare $1 .50. Express Fare 
(Rts. 30 & 50) $1.75. 
Route 30. Express between Downtown San Diego and USIU 
via Pacific Beach. La Jolla . Torrey Pines Road. UCSD, V A 
Hospital. University Towne Cenlre. Miramar Rd .• Mira Mesa 
and Scripps Ranch. 
Roule 34. Downtown Sun Diego to University Towne Centre 
via Lorna Ponal, Mission Beach. Pacific Beach. La Jolla. La 
10lla Shores, Scripps Institute, UCSD, VA Hospital , Scripps 
Hospital, UCSD Housing, La lolla Village Square (34A only) 
and North University City Housing (34A only.) 
Route 41. Torrey Pines Golf Course to Fashion Valley via 
Scripps Clinic, UCSD. VA Hospital . University Towne Centre. 
University City. Clai remont. Mesa College and Linda Vista. 

Route 50. Express be tween Downlown San Diego and La Joll a 
Village Square via Clairem Ill. UniversilY CiIY. Ul1i ver~ it y 
Towne Centre and V A Hospital. Note: R!. 50 doe!'. 1101 'Ie I've 
the campus direc!. It travels 011 La loll a Villuge Drive. 
Free bus rides around campus for UC D sludenls. faculty. !'. I:lfr. 
grad students and spouses. lust bring your UCSD phOlo ID 10 
the UCSD Transporl<llion Alternalive al 406 MAA or call 
534-RIDE. 
Monthly bus and Irolley passes ($48) are al Ihe .. "hier" OffiCI! . 
401 MAAC. 
Free Campus Bus Route Maps and bus schedules are avai labk 
at the Tl'ansponation Alternative or RIDES HAR E board~ 
throughout campus. 

Need.More bus information'? Call 

233-3004 
seven days a week. 5:30 .I.nl . and 8:30 p.m. 
(TYY or hearing impaired only. 23~-5(05) 

San Diego Transit. 



) 

24 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNC8VlENfS 
UCSD Deparlmenl of Radiology Is 
conducting a research sludy using 
a unique contrast agenl to aid in 
the detection of liver tumors 
including metastases. If you are 
18-75 years oid and have cancer 
with l iver involvement and are 
interesled ptease call 543 -2061. 
(9/21 -9(30 ) 

FREE EDUCATIONAL MONEYt 
REQUEST IT NOWII Robert B. 
Atk in son , J .D . Atkinson & 
Associates, La Jolla 454-0930. (91 

\ .• ! 1-9/27 ,10/4) 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE will be 
opening 10/5. Drop by to apply for 
Winter Quarler Internships in San 
Diego. For more info, come by our 
office Price Center 2306 or 534-
4689. (9/21 -9/27) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ............. .450-3323 
Fairmair's ...................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-11 34 

UCSD EATS II DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... .455.()662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
La Jolla Brewery .......... .456-BREW 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695-1990 
Robert's .................. ...... 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ...... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Young Altitudes ........ .... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 
We Care Hair ................ 587-CUD 

UCSD HEALTH a RTNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Dr. Becker, Chiro ....... .. .452-2882 
~ng Fit ....................... 483-9294 

- Birthright... .......... (800)484-LOVE 
Family Planning ............ 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less ................... .455-0909 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452-7374 
Eyes oq La Jolla ........... 597-2020 
Vision Care ................... 578·6796 

OCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
Music Trader .......... ...... 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ............. .452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ........ ............... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy .................. . 457·1007 

UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearning ........ ..... ..455·1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 

UCSDNIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (W 1.1_1 ...... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ............ 270· 7860 

UCSD ETC. 
SI. Germain's ................ 455·1414 

tl'l '''Uilon Fed. Credit UnIon .... 546-2035 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified adve,tising is sold in 15-word increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm_ Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday/or Thw-sday's issue. The Gwudian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La J 01/0, CA 92093~316, Actual address: Student Center A, top floOl: 

The Third Annual "Retreating to 
Reality" A re-entry retreat for students 
returning from abroad . Whal is 
"Retreating to Reality"? It's a special 
weekend retreat.tor UCSD students 
from all the colleges returning from 
abroad. irs an opportunity to share and 
explore with others your study abroad 
experience I When is "Retreating to 
Reality"? October 2·3 1993 (Second 
weekend of Fall quart9fj . SAVE THIS 
WEEKEND I Call Fifth College Dean's 
Office for details 534-2237. Sponsored 
by Fifth College and PAO. (9127) 

UCSD Racquetball . Just show up and 
playl Meets every week Friday (3-
6p.m.), Saturday (1 D-12a.m.), Monday 
(8-1Op.m.). Canyonview court. (9127-
10/4,10111 ) 

EMPLOYMENT 
FUNDRAISER Raise $500 in 5 days. 
Groups, clubs, motivated individuals 
1-800-655-6935 ext. 101. (9127 -10128) 

CLASS BY NOON III And still earn 
$200-$300 week. No selling involved. 
but must possess a dynamic phone 
personality and voice. Will train anyone 
eager to learnl 279-4354 before noon. 
(9121 -9127) 

PAID VOLUNTEERS NEEDED by 
company developi~ cosmetics for 
sensitive skin. MEN. WOMEN with 
history of irritation from cosmetics, 
d eodorantsla n tlperspl rants, 
sunscreen preferred, but not required. 
Earn $$ and receive a FREE Skin 
Sensitivity Analysis. Five minute walk 
from UCSD. Flexible hours & days. 
From 2-10 hours a week, for 2-16+ 
weeks . Call Jenniler@ 550-7070 to 
schedule initial screening. (9121 -91 
27) 

Driver needed weekdays at 2:00 PM 
from Del Mar area to downtown San 
Diego $10Ihr. 755-1923 (9121 -10/4) 

Earn cash stuffing envelopes at home. 
Send SASE to P.O. Box 395, Olathe, 
KS 66051 . (9/21 -1017) 

Part-Time 

Part-time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, salary. Ught 
housekeeping for 2 seniors in La Jolla 
home; furnished, pool. Must be refiable, 
trustworthy, genial, careful. 
References. 273-5458. (9121-9127) 
UCSDPD CAMPUS PROTECTION 
ASSISTANT PROGRAM is hiring. 
CPAs perform such duties as building 
and special event security, crowd 
control , and assist the campus police 
as necessary . May require 
unpredictable hours and graveyard 
shifts. $7Ihr., call Greg Koran for more 
info, 534-9255, (9121 -9127) 
Babysitter - $5/hr . or monthly 
guarantee. Driving necessary for 8 yr & 
1 Oyr. oIds 7:00am-9:00am and 4:00pm-
9:00pm 2 to 3 days/week some 
overnights & some weekends. La Jolla 
Village Southpointe area. Call Sandy 
587-1632. (9121-9127) 

Earn $10/hr. 5-10 hours a week 
assisting a young disabled person. 
Please include phone number and best 
time reached by phone. For 
identification purposes it is a must that 
you include a photo. J.J., P.O. Box 
19984 San Diego CA 92159-0984. (91 
21-9/30) , 

JOBS FOR THE ENVIRONMENT. 
Campaign for Clean Water, Ancient 
Forests and Endangered Species. 
Great political experience, earn $36-
$SO/day. PT/FT available. Call Kelly at 
297-5512. (9121-9127) 

Become a Being-Fit certified aerobics 
instructor in just 6 weeks. $100. Call 
Danny 544-8332. (9127-10/11) 

Peer Counselor position available with 
tho Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Peer 
Counseling Program. Undergraduate 
and graduate students invited to apply. 
See job .7608HU at Career Services. 
(9/27-10f7) 

Makeov9f$20,OOO.OOthisschooi year. 
Campus only. Training & support. Call 
284-1126, ask for Mostafa. (9127) 

CUSTOMER SERVICE 
REPRESENTATIVES 

I!I!E 

10 am - 3 :30 pm 

Earn $1 2.00IIIO"r plus ben,/it. - on a part-
li",~ basis! 
ITT ReliJenti.1 Capital Corporation 

(lIT RCq is a . ub.idiary of lIT 
Financial Corporation, one of 
America 'a large.! provide .. of 
linand a1 8ervices and a leader in 
Ihe re. identialmortgage mar~el. 
We' re currently .eeking people 
will, 1-2 yean of cu. tomer .ervice 
experience - preferably in Ihe 
mart I/age ba n1ing indu.try. Key 
qualificat ion. aloo include tact, 
resourcefulnes. and slrons verbal 
communication . killo. 

If you 're inter.oled in punuin~ 
thi. excellent part-time opportunity, plea.e 
. ubmit your reourne to the attentio n of 
Diane Ciarl., lIT R .. idential Capital 
Corporation , P.O. box 85101 , San Diego, 
CA 92 186-5101. W e are an equa l 
opportunilyemployer. 

~ ITT Resldenllel It, Cepltal Corporation 

Part-time delivery drivers needed for 
monthly Golden Triangle area 
magazine. Must have own car. Flexible 
weekday hours, 3+ days per month. 
$6.50/hr.+mileage. Call Yvonne, 233-
4060 ext. 305. (9127-1014) 
Childcare. Help mother in home with 
three small children. Hours flexible. 
Call Ann at 481-5005. (9127-9130) 

Interested in earning money and 
gaining job experience at a law office? 
Local firm has entry level openings. 
Call Telejob or see the UCSD Career 
Center for more details. (9127-1017) 
CHILD CARE for 3&5 year-old. 
Afternoons. Experienced, excellent 
references required . Own 
transportation. 259-6907. (9/27) 

Internships available at local film 
production company . Media or 
communications major preferred. Call 
456-6760. (9/27) 

INTERNATIONAL' EMPLOYMENT-
Make 141 to S2,OOO/mo. teaching basic 
conversational English abroac!. Japan, 
Taiwan, & S.Korea. No previous training 
reql.ired. For more information call : (206) 
632-1146 ext. J5976. (9127-10114) 

Wanted : Office assistant , good 
computer skills, self-start9f; 20-40 hrs/ 
mo, $8IhH, Barry 452-8700. (9/27) 

FOR SALE 
Typewriter Canon AP 200 electronic 
correcting beautiful office machine. 
Great for student or office. $100. 275-
7375. (9/21-9/30) 

2 speakers for OJ or shows. Audio 
centron. Each has 215" woofers, 21 0" 
mids, horn, tweeter. 700 watts. First 
Class. 675-0635. (9121-9127) 

McYIng sale. FuIon, R.miIIIe, HP laser 
prinIar, TV, VCR, Stereo, speakers, et:. 
VInC8558-16581~11pm. (9t'2H0I4) 

1984 Toyota Tercel. 2drhb, AC, 
cassette, $12500b0. Vince 558-1658 
10am-l1pm. (9121-10/4) 
LARGE DESK wi matching hutch. Good 
condition . Dark wood finish. $1 OOlbest 
offer. 550-0190. (9121 -10/4) 

Mom.\ay, Septembel' 27. 1993 

Sears elec . portable typewriter w/ 
display an cover. Wordlline correction. 
$120 o.b.o. 560-9309. (9/27-10111) 
Schwinn Woman's 12-speed. Shimano, 
index shifting, quick-releases, 
accessories, $225. Nishiki 21 ", $150. 
Lorden, 558-1934. (9/27-10/4) 

Smith Corona Typewriter, excellent 
condilion , 2 line screen, ten page 
memory, users manual, $950.b.o. 452-
5019. (9127-9/30) 

Schwinn 12-speed road bike, Suntour 
components, $50 o.b.o. 453-4253. (91 
27-9/30) 

Twin mattress and box springs. 
Excellent condition. $100. Call Chris 
452-7459. (9127-9130) 

Zoom 9002 guitar . effects processor, 
$180. Boss pedals-turbo distort ion, 
flanger, chorus, compressor , noise 
suppressor, $40 each. Rich, 550-9088. 
(9127-10/4) 
Mens 21" 10sp. bicycle. Ess new 
Centurion "Accordo." M-blue, fully-
equipped. $150 o.b.o. 455-1583. (9/ 
27-9/30) 

Microscope - (used) Binoc. Spencer -
AO. Case+lightsource. Dr. Kovats455-
1583. $400.00 o.b.o. (9/27-9130) 

TANDY 1000EX IBM compatible 
compuler, monochrome monitor, 5 1/ 
4" drive, like new, software, manuals. 
$400 o.b .o . (619)753-1231 . (9/27) 

Futorv'frame$l 00. Papasan$85. Halogen 
lamp $20. F/Q mattresses $80. Unused. 
Can deliver. 222-4n1 . (9127-10128) 

BICYCLE:women's 12speedPeug90t, 
steel alloy components , like new $70 
o.b.o. lisa: 587-8939. (9127-1013) 

1985 Honda Elite 150, high mpg, best tor 
commuter, everything included, $650, 
452-5805 before 2:30p.m. (9127-1017) 

For sale: Imagewriter printer, desk, 
lamp, kitchen supplies. CHEAP! Call 
792-0351 , lealle message. (9127) 

O J b" 11 

ft.I.sizebedb'saie. Boxsprilg andmallress 
b' $130. Ca11458-a123 for info. (9.27) 

386DX-4OMhzwf128kcache, lMBRam, 
250MB Conner w/64k cache, 1.2 MB & 
1.44MB FD, SVGA monitor, MiniTower 
wIlED Display. All new & warranty $800. 
Pat 587-4912. (9127-9/30) 

386DX-25Mhz w/128k cache , 1MB 
Ram, Multi IDE Controller 1.2MB,40MB 
HD, VGA monitor Mini tower, mouse, 
keyboard & a lot more $500.00 . Pat 
587-4912. (9/27-9/30) 

Moving Sale , twin beds , desks, 
bookshelves, dinettes, sofabed, dishes, 
appliances + more. 793-1076. (9127) 

HOUSING 
Part· time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, salary. Light 
housekeeping for 2 seniors in La Jolla 
home; furnished, pool. Must be reliable, 
trustworthy , genial , careful. 
References. 273-5458. (9121 -9127) 

1Jt Under-
gra~uate 
Major 

Meeting 
Wedllesday, September 22 
2-4 p.m ., AP&M 2113 

This will be a glUt opportunity 
to meet the ~ '93-'94 math 
faculty advisors. as well as 
telrn more about OOUnMI 
offerings, career and major 
information. All inlerested 
students are welcome. 

Guest speaker: 
Professor Jeffrey Rabin 

RrjrtsJ"" tnlS "'i/l lit stn·tO. 

MoDday. September 27. 1993 

CONDO FOR RENT, UCSD( LaJola. 
2bdrm, 2.5beIh, large pelto, 2 cer g_., trI-MeI, Pool, jacuzzi, ..... , 
cIoIeto".Con1IIexunderremodllllg, 
takl $400 off rent-$850 will .... 
Aweeome ~1415-4S3-2188. (8r' 
21-it'27) 

MISSION BEACH, 2BD.-2BTH, 
FurnIIhId, 3443 0cNn Front WIIIk, 
0cHn VIews, $1150-$1200, .... 13851 
5-1457. (it'2H0I11) 

SIIIdng Gr-... ...... to .... 3-
3 La Jolla Townhcue. 0cNnvIIw, 
priYIII bdI, 4 bkIcIcII to beech. $1500 + 
113 utIItIeI. Cd Suzanne ~5321. 
(9121"0127) 

AWESOME ROOM AVAILABLE in 
1700 sq. ft. condo, don't drive to 
achooI when you can croea the .... eat 
and take the Eut parking shuttle, 
upatalraldownIteIra condo offers nice 
living room _ea and kitchen, plus 
privacy of clean upstairs room, pool, 
fireplace, washer/dryer, private 
parklng, non-smokers please, $4201 
month + 1/4 utilities. Please call John 
at 457-9821 . (9121-10/4) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME -UCSDStaff 
and student discounts. Great easy 
financing. Near UCSD 1 BR$90,OOO·s. 
2BR's $12O,OOO's +3BR $15O,000's. 

, Free Info, anytime. ReMax Assoc. 
JucIth Haddox, Realtor 275-2618. (91 
21-10111 ) 

CONDO (La Jolla Colony) $895(mo. 
2bdrm I 2bath, washerl rJlyerl refrlgl 
menn. 2 covered carports. cIoee to 
UCSD and Vons ahopping center. 
Naarln at 450-36IKl x334. (9I21-9f27) 

Roommate(s) wanted for huge master 
BeQ-oom In Mt Soledad house. Own 
baIh, private balcony, Garage, Wl8herl 
dryer, BaakeIbaII Court. Ten mil1Jtea 
from campua. S4751month. Call 270-
5427 or 274-9662. (9121-9127) 

La Jolla - W1ndanaea Beach -~ 
in-hou .. , Must love Dogs I $350 -
smoking OK. 459-3298. (9121"9127) 

Female roommate wanted to ahare 
apaciouI condo one mile from UCSD. 
$325Imo+ 1131A11t1ea. Pool, jacuzzi, and 
garage Included. Cal 453-8343. (9f27-
1017) 

Roommate wanted - share room for 
250+114 utilltl.s. Townhome In 
Genesee Highlands. Call Cathy 535-
0490. (8I27-W30) 

Need a femeJe roornrnete for a coed 
townhouse. La JoIIa-waik to UCSD. 
Own room for $344+ 115 utilities a 
month. Cal558-1745.leavemeaaage. 
NorHrnoker. No pets. Pool. (91'0-91 
30) 
ApIr1ment, bright, quiet, 1 min. will< to 
C8I'I1IUI. Ocean view. KItch, 1 bed, 1 
bath, waahlng, carport, bike sheItar, 
ne.new. SuItaIJIe non-emoIdng man 
student. To houM-mind (mall) when 
owner away_ All utlHtIea and cable TV 
Inc. $600. Approx 1 yr. 450-1785. (91 
27) 

Room for rent. MIra Meeaarea. Female 
only, quiet, 1lUdIoua. Large bec*'oom, 
prIvaIe bath. Quiet location, covered 
partdng. $300.00 mon1h, all Inciuded. 
$100.00 depoIit. 536-e393 Anne. (91 
27-1017) 

55O-AENT. FAEE apartment .. arch 
24 hr8lday. Fasll Eesyl 1000's 
apartmenta. All areas. Call 55O-AENT. 
(9127-1017) 

Room for rent. UCSD North Me .. 
upltairs apartment. $268.50Imonth 
(Includes utilltle8). Must be graduate 
atudei1I. Preferfemlle. VeryCOlMKllent 
to C8I'I1IUI, IIhappIng, bua. Call Mary 
619-543-9148. (8127-1014) 

Wanted: TWO FEMALES to ahare a 
room In UC condo. ONLY S235Imo+ 11 
4 uti. 558-5987. (8127) 

UCSD,qUIet, non-amoIdng, pool. $2351 
share, $430/own, +utlllti.s, credit 
check. Cal 558-11111 John. (91'0"9/ 
30) 

3 rooms lor rent. MIra MeN condo. 
Pool, WMher~. FuIy bniIhed. 
You UnWI 'fOAl' room. Own room. 
shari beth. MeI.IF.m .... 13101 
monIh+tl4 ~ Puor KevIn~ 
1142. (ltt'27 -1Of4) 

F ...... roornn.- needed NOW. 2 
roomalor rent. $25043OOpkIa u8t1H. 
Pleaaeiellve miliagee. 271-4316. (91 
27-10111) 
Mira Mesa IIIUdent house. Own room, 
laCs of amenItIM. 1310+114 uIIIIH. 
Cal PU 548 tI842. (Sti27) 

SERVICES 
Need help will wriIIng "'1 MeAT? 
Are you a foreign student having 
problems with your Engllah 
requlrementa? Have taught the .. 
cIaaaIe at UniwrIiIy of CaIIfomIa and 

hav.~dIgr ... lnEngliahand 
FcnIgn languages, My tutorial ... Is 
hIIIf the going rate. Interested 536-
11393 Anne. (8121-1014) 

DISSERTATIONITHESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization, proofreading, 
atatIaIIca. 2Oyra. experience. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9f2H/13) 

LaJola Barbershop. Quality Barbaring. 
HairaJIS $8,00. 459-5792. (9121-1212) 

Body Image, Bulemia, Compulsive 
Eating, or weight concerns? Support 
Group for Women offering practical, 
Gentle Help. $25 per .. Ilion. Diana K. 
Weill Ph.D. Ucanaed Psychologist. 

P~12.76. Del Mar 431-6373. (9f21-
1014) 

The UCSD Guarm.n 

"WE SHOOT PEOPLEI" 
Specializing In Wedding •• We allO 
handll wedding Invitations. Lopez 
Photography 282-4443. (9/21-91 
27) 

Violin/Viola LeMOns. You or your 
child(r.n) can· learn from an 
experienced, profeSSional t.acher. 
Now accepting studentl- all ages 
and levels welcomel Call Conrad 
411-0521 (9/21-1212) 

WANTED 
Healthy min ag .. 18 to 45 years 
old are needed to participate in a 
UCSD Medical Center study 
.xamining the effect of sound on 
the eyeblink reflex and on brain 
waves . Compenaation will be 
provided ; Call 543-2494 for 
Inlormation. (9/21 -10/21) 
NEED CASH? Be a subject In 
Psychology Experiments. If you are 
between 18 and 30 years old, call 
Daphne at 453-4100 ext 563 (pay 
around S7-1 O/hour). (9/21-9/27) 

BABYSITTER NEEDED . 
Occasional M-F daytime and 
weekend evenings. 2 year old girl. 
Del Mar area. Previous experience 
and references necessary. Call 
792-8452. (9/21-9/27) 

Student ChecJdng With Summers Free. 

IMMEDIATE PAY - FLEXIBLE 
HOURS. SITTERS UNLIMITED 
needl qualified litters for children. 
Days/Evenings/overnights . 452-
7652. (9121-9/27) 
Competitive Women's Soccer team 
s.eks players. Goalie, defense , 
midfi.1d poajtions. Call Sabrina. 270-
4968. (9/21-9130) 

Vocalist and/or keyboardist sought 
for serious progr.ssive rock band 
planning to record within monlhs. 
Influences Include : Yes , RUSh , 
Dream Theater, Police. Shane, 
558-7423 . (9/27-10/4) 

WINNING ART - $$$. Local retailer 
seeks innovative original art with 
"sense of style" for charity benefit 
auction event. Artwork to be 
displayed In-store prior to event. 
$500 .00 grant to artist bringing 
highJlst auction price. For details 
visit ARRAY at North County Fair, 
Escondido or call 1-800-444-6663. 
(9/27-9/30) 

Earn a free trip, money or both. We 
are looking for outstanding students 
or organizations to sell our Spring 
Break package 10 Mazatlan. We are 
the lop selling Mazatlan company in 
the California area. For more info 1-
800-393-08801916-722-4400. (9/27-
9/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 25 

Earn $100.00. SUbjects wanted for a 
study on aloohol's e(fecta. If you are a 
Japanese , Chinese , or Korean, 
American-born male, call Scripps 
Research I nstitute for more Information, 
554-7240. (9/27-1212) 

Join 
the 

Guardian 
as the 

Associate Sports Editor 
for the 

1993-94 year. .. 
and get paid. 

Tum In applications to the Guardian 
office above the General Store by 
Wednesday. Call 534-6580 for info. 

Free Fint Year Student VIsa" Membenhip. 
Wells Fargo's Student ATM Checking'" is 

just $4,50 per month when you do all your banking 
at the ATM. You'll get three summer months free 
for as lon~ as you're in school, unlimited check-
writing With no per-check charges, and access to 
more than 1700 Wells Fargo Express'" ATMs with no 
per-transaction fees. You can even open a savings 
account free wh~n you open your checking account, 

Apply for our Student Visa Card and you can get 
a $700 credit limit, with free membership for the 
first year when you sign up foroveroraft protection. 

You'll also find a wide range of federal 
student loans. In fact, nobody puts it all together 
for you like Wells Fargo, So drop by the bank 
where you can choose paper and plastic today-
and ask about our free t-shin offer. 

WEI·IS FARGO BANK 

Come and vilit )'OUr Well. Fargo Banker on campus today in the Price Centerl Or, stop by )OUr local Wclb Fargo branch: 
• UTe Office,.515 La Jolla Village Dr., 455"7080 • Pacific Beach/lbrquoise Office, 5180 Miaion Blvd., 488-2828 

• LaJoila Office, 7714 Ginrd AYe., 454-0361 
15 Mlditioul -:;:!::l. Cee when IftllllKti_ are lUCIe illlilk a branch. See our c-.-r Dilc:1oeuft Sca_ ....... In1III IUId coacIltiOlll 
lor Wei .. ......, laccounll. 0 ... ', WF., N.A. Mem,,", rDlc 



,-. 

26 SPORTS 

DR. NICK SELBY, 0.0. 
• • VISIOnCare 

OPTOMETRIC CENTER 
Contact Lenses $2999 Plfpairqh current IHISCritttion B&l~ 
Comple" Plm", 

Kiss Those 
Coke Bottle 

Glasses Goodbye 
glasses ieftses. Includes: '~Ie lhe an 

$88 We I"eel,liD In Ihln 
_ IlIICi:ll!iIlIenses (single vision) Our best 

rll ... ' L_ choice ollrlmes 10 $29 value Vlluel 
Daily Wear ..................... $89. 
Extended Wear .............. $109· 
Disposables (24 podc) __ •..• _. $179' 1_ ,,,1,1 ,11_ " ... . 

IntUIts '0fI1I)I0" ey ....... loIIow up eM. and "''' 
1<11. Nur sighted Ib< ooty. OllIe, m.tjor _ In .1OCk. FREE Non-f'rIscrlption SUnt, ..... with any conlactiefts pacUge w~h Ihis ad. 
578·6796 2 miles east of 805 (behind C~rl's Jr.) 

~~;n~~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos lEVA ON SALE 
Sale ends October 31st 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

.ta, ~{e 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109488-1134 

ATTENTION! ON OCT. 1, 1993 WE ARE MOVING 
ACROSS THE STREET TO 5820 AUTOPORT MALL 

20·/. DISeOU .... 
ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 

• ~ 

• 
LocatlClln the Autoport Moll • Mlramor 

Next Ooor 10 Discount rife 
EXPIRES AT ntE END Of FAU SfMISltII99l 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
-

General, Prevcntative, ami Cosmetic Services 
l!r1axld,/rimd(, nfllllrrplh'l'r • .I/,'I/II,·r .4I>A . C/JA. SIX:DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top F/ •• r. JIIII b,'billd lUI E/"pballl Ha,. 

558-3490 
foowilllJl c-Saw,.d.r 

Appoill lll; ... /fJ AI'ai/ubi, 

Sessions 
--101 

I 
ICSI STilE.' SPECIALS 

---------~--------

I 
I 
I 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 27, 1993 

UCSD Splits at Diadora 
MEN'S IOCCEIt 
Tritons tackle Northridge 
2-1, fall to Seattle Pacific 
By Ken Pellman 
Senior Staff Writer 

Seeking to accentuate the posi-
tives and eliminate the negatives. 
UCSD Men's Soccer Head Coach 

D ere k 
Armstrong 
took his 
troops 
across town 
this week-
end to do 
battle in the 
I 9 9 3 
Diadora 
Tourna-
ment at 
USD. 

~ 
was excep-

tionally pleased with his young 
squad's I - I finish for the two-day 
event and stressed that this year's 
Tritons are quickly becoming con-
fident as they gain experience and 
learn from their mistakes. 

On Friday evening. the Tritons 
matched up against tough Division 
II opponent Seattle Pacific Univer-
sity. Though UCSD came up shon 
in the 2-1 loss. Annslrong stressed 
he wasn't disappointed with the 

A Triton forward goes airborne for header against CSUSB. 

team. 
" It was a very, very good perfor-

mance," Annstrong said. "We chal-
lenged ourselves and played really 
well." 

Seattle Pacific seemed to be the 
stronger of the two teams early on. 
SPU managed to get off nine shots 
in the first half while UCSD man-
aged only four. 

Still, Seanle Pacific could only 
make one of those shots count, a 
weak grounder that made it past 
Triton goalkeeper Michael Mad-
den, as they took a 1-0 lead at half-
time. 

The Tritons took the field with 
guns blazing in the second half. 
however, as they pelted SPU with 
II shots. Chris Romey broke 
UCSD's offensive silence as he re-

ceived the ball from 15 yards out. 
and with his back to the goal, 
wheeled and fired past Seattle Pa-
cific goalie Marcus Hahnemann to 
knot the score at I-I. 

Feeling a tournament champi-
onship might be hanging in the bal-
ance, Seattle Pacific came back ag-
gressively. 

In what Annstrong described as 
a "panic attack," the Tritons didn't 
quite know how to handle SPU's 
new enthusiasm. UCSD played a 
little too tentatively and in the pro-
cess managed to let another easy 
shot slip into its opponent's net. 

The Tritons awakened a bit but 
weren't able to pour on enough pres-
sure as Seattle Pacific managed to 
come away with the close win. 

UCSD was undaunted after the 
loss to a team that could very well 
contend for this year's Division II 

Triton Newcomers Capture 
Centerstage at Riverside Meet 
CROSS COUNTRY: Sophomore contingent show 
cased in tune-up for upcoming Stanford Invitational 
By .JeIf Praught 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's cross country team took 
its show on the road to Riverside last 
Saturday, but it was a production 
starring a different cast of sorts. Sev-
eral mainstays from Team A did not 
make the trip northward, instead rest-
ing up for next weekend's main event 
at Stanford University. 

Running without such front pace-
setters as J.J. Castner, Viviana Reza 
and Karen Hinkle, the Tritons relied 
on their depth, resulting in a fourth-
place fi nish for the women (95 
points), and a third-place tally forthe 
men (71 points) in the Division III 
head-to-head competition. 

Head Coach Ted Van Arsdale 
wanted to use this meet as an oppor-
tunity not only to save his top run-
ners for the big showdown at 
Stanford, btu also to place some of 
his other runners in the spotlight of 
competitive running. 

A new star may have been born in 
sophomore Sara Ruffalo. who re-

placed nonnal UCSD number-one 
Hinkle in the five kilometer women 's 
field. Her time of 20: 13 marked a 
dramatic'improvement from her pre-
vious races. 

Ruffalo was followed closely by 
fellow sophomore teammate Jane 
Zimmerman, who ran what Van 
Arsdale called "a very aggressive" 
race, finishing in 20: 16. 

Another positive note was the 
return perfonnance of still another 
sophomore, Kathleen Carl, who re-
covered from an illness to finish at 
20:37 in her first race of the season. 

On the men's side, UCSD relied 
on imponed goods to lead the way. 
Brian Leek, a sophomore transfer 
from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, 
handled the eight-kilometer course 
in 27:48. JuniorSconLeon,compet-
ing in his first serious race of the 
season, pulled in at 28: 13. 

The Tritons received a surprise 
perfonnance from another transfer 
student. fanner UC Santa Cruz Ba-
nana Slug junior David Rosen, who 

championship and quickly forgot 
about the tough defeat in prepara-
tion for its next opponent. On Sat-
urday evening, the Tritons charged 
full speed at the Matadors from Cal 
State Northridge. 

This time it was the Tritons who 
took over early. 

UCSD midfielder Joel Kosakoff 
wasn't intimidated by his Division 
I foes . Midway through the first 
half he stole the ball from a CSUN 
opponent and took it 30 yards for 
the game's first point. 

A tough Triton defense allowed 
only five shots on goal in the first 
half and the team took a 1-0 lead 
into the locker room at halftime. 

Neither team seemed too deter-
mined to snatch victory early in the 
second half. 

With 10 minutes remaining in 
See M. SOCCER, Page 19 

Jason Hllc",e/l>uard'Bfl 
Triton B Team pack develops 
top rael", skills last week. 

had been running between 12th and 
15th recently. but with a few adjust-
ments in both racing tactics and his 
wann-up repertoire. bpened some 
eyes with his impre sive 28:32 fin-
ish. 

This meet was supposed to be a 
valuable opportunity to develop some 
of the Team B runners, and Van 
Arsdale felt the trek to Riverside 
spelled success at doing just thaI. 

"I wanted to give girls who had 
been working hard on conditioning a 
chance to compete," said Van 
Arsdale. 
See CROSS COUNTRY, Page 23 

, 

MUiuluy, SC'I,tt'IlI!J('r27, 19C)3 'I'll ... UCSD Gllm·dian 

S 
EWSFLASHE~ 

VP 
Administrative 
VP Administrative position 
available for the Associated 
Students. All interested 
students are welcome to 
apply. Pick up an applica-
tion on the third floor of the 
Price Center or call 534-
4450. 

PAID Position 
Posting and Distribution 
assistant needed for the 
Associated Students. Five 
to ten hours per week. This 
is a PAID Position . Call 534-
4450 for more information. 

DAVE 
Thursday n.ight movie! Sept. 
30-6:30, 9:00, 11:30. 
Price Center Theatre. $1 in 
advance, $2 day of show. 
Presented by AS Program-
ming. 

Psychology Club 
The Psy,chQlogy Club is 
having their first meeting on 
Monday, October 4th at 
4:00pm in the San Francisco 
Room. Come see what 
we're planning for this quar-
ter and hear our mystery 
speaker. 

Publicity 
Manager 
The Associated Students 
Public Relations department 
is looking for a Publicity 
Manager. Get involved in 
Associated Students and get 
valuable experience. Come 
to the third floor of the Price 
Center or call 534-4450. 

Campus-Wide 
Committees 
Get Involvedl There are 50 
campus-wide committees. 
Have a vote in the future 
direction of UCSD. To learn 
more call 534-445Q or pick 
up an application on the 
third floor of the Price Cen-
ter. 

Race Unity 
Dance 
Friday, October 8th. 8pm-
12am in the Price Center 
Ballroom. With DJ Maximum 
Sound Productions. Admis-
sion is Freel Sponsored by 
Bahai Club. 

International 
Club 
The International Club is 
having their first meeting 
Monday, September 27 at 
6:30pm in the International 
Center Lounge. Come and 
meet both foreign students 
and American students . We 
will also discuss upcoming 
events and tri ps . 

Student Regent 
Have a say in how the uni-
versity is run, apply to be the 
new Student Regent. Infor-
mation and appJications are 
available in the AS offices on 
the third floor of the Price 
Center; the GSA offices in 
Student Center Bldg A; 
EDNA; the College Deans' 
offices; School of Medicine, 
Student Affairs office; and 
the Chancellor's office. The 
deadline to apply is Novem-
ber 5, so get your applica-
tion in soon. 

FFOG 
Fall Festival on the Green at 
the Sun God Lawn. October 
8th. lOam - 3pm. Don't 
miss this opportunity to 
meet many of the more than 
250 student organizations at 
UCSD and come explore our 
vendor preview day. There 
will be performances, food 
booths, music, and more. 
Sponsored by the office of 
Student Organizations and 
Leadership Opportunities. 

Ip 

Leadership Seminar on 
Effective Publicity. This 
interactive seminar will 
present ways to promote 
your event, meeting, or 
organization through a mar-
keting perspective. Partici-
pants will be able to develop 
a skeletal promotional plan 
during this session. October 
5th, 7:00pm . 

Shopping Shuttle 
Check out the new Associ-
ated Students Supermarket 
Shuttle. 
Mondays- Marshall, Muir, 
Revelle 
Tuesdays- Warren , Fifth 
Space is limited so get there 
early! 
Times available Monday 
Morning. Call 534-4450. 

Editor-In-Chief 
An Editor is required for the 
Associated Students publica-
tions. Great experience. 
Call 534-4450 for more 
information . 

Newsflashes 
Newsflashes is produced by 
the Associated Students of 
UCSD to provide advertising 
for Student Organizations. 
Forms are available outside 
the Associated Students 
Secretary's office on the 
third floor of the Price Cen-
ter. Submissions are due 
Wednesday at noon for the 
following week's edition. 

TGI Tuesday? 
September 28th 

Free Concert 
fluf - aMiniature -~ Inch 

SATIVA LUVBOX 
featured on the soundtrack of 

The Last Party 
free screening of m?vie to follow 

directly after the concert--free passes 
available at the Box Office at 12pm, Mon 

Concert--4:30 Price Center Plaza 
The Last Party--9:00 Price Center Theatre 
presented by AS Programming 

-

CWD Political Film 
Series-Fall 1993 

The Crying Game Oct 1 
Oct 8 

27 

Aguirre, The Wrath of God 
Guilty by Suspicion 
The Mosquito Coast 
Sarafina 
Haiti: Guantanamo 1&11 
Unfinished Business 
Sex & Justice 
Rosa Luxemburg 
Indochine 

Oct 15 
Oct 22 
Oct 29 
Nov 5 .. ~ 
Nov 12 
Nov 19 
Nov 26 
Dec 3 

FREE 
Fridays at 7:00 pm 

Solis Hall 107 

AS. YEARBOOK 
A NEW GENERATION 

Are you a photographer? 
Can you draw' a layout? 

Want to be a Publicity Director? 
The A.S. Yearbook (formerly the Triton 
Yearbook) is looking for staff to help produce 
its two campus publications, the New 
Student Record and the Senior Yearbook. 

Want bUSiness experience? 
Want to earn some money? 

A.S. Yearbook is looking for people who will 
intern for a national ad agency selling ads in 
Yearbook publications. 

Need to pick up a 
New Student Record? 

Come by :he Student Leadership Chambers 
on the third floor of the Price Center: 
Sept 27, 1-4 p Sept 28, 4:30-Sp Oct 4, 1-4p 

Want more info about A.S. Yearbook? 
A.S. Yearbook will have an informational 
meeting Thursday October 7 at 5pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers localed on 
the 3rd floor of the Price Center. It you 
can't make it, call us at 5)"'-1491. 

~ G ····,"'· .. , p' ; ~ .... " :;..... . . . . ... : ...•...... -: ........ :::" . . ,.,:: -::: ...... ... ;: ............ ,;:::; .•..... ,... . 
t'~J( i.v~ ~; r,kLt 

/': "' . ..If /~.: 

: .... ; .. ~? .. ,>' 'low. '.-.,.' 

}~'/::" aJ~o f-eat;uring: 
, Bu~k :~ 90'Nj:ne (J.:' FRID'A,-Y-

;: ~!~;(l:~W#is± 
(,'p R I CE· .. C; E l'tJ T E R,:PL A Z A 
t ) <t,, ': :-'- 5 ·"0'0 :.' )"m· 
'~~ L.~.,~""_' .- .---• ......l:;;;;;.:.:.~ ..... -.-;. .• -...;.;.... ...... 

.... -

\;'}f:RE E (for'rou'. so C~ff~ il oul) 
~ ..... ," 

PRESENTED RV ASLJCSD PROGHAI\IMJNG 



28 SPORTS 

ART 

HOOT 
Slap Happy 
Slow-Clappers 
Sound Off 

With Juan Antonio 
Samaranch's announcement of 
Sydney, Australia as the host of 
the 2000 Summer Games, a 
new Olympic Event was born: 
unsynchronized super slow-
motion clapping. or slow-
clapping, as it 's called by 
millions of fans worldwide. 

Pioneered by the Beijing 
delegation, the slow-clapping 
craze has captured the hearts 
and minds of the entire world. 
It's fun. easy and a terrific low-
impact aerobic workout that's 
so infectiou ,even the most 
sedentary couch-potato can 
master it. It 's one of those rare 
~port s where slower is beller. 

Even the most die-hard 
soccer enthusiasts admit slow-
clapping has supplanted soccer 
as the world 's most popular 
participant and spectator sport. 
This tricky manuever of 
painfully slow applause coupled 
wi th an ashen expression. wi ll 
undoubtedly replace synchro-
nized swimming as the most 
exciting event in Olympic 
history. 

The UCSD Guardian Monduy, rptcmbt'l' 27, 1993 

Slow-clapping has caught on 
here in the United States. 
Across America. athletes are 
dropping their footballs, 
basketballs and baseballs for the 
~Iow-clap. 

Dan McOoweli/Guan1lan 
Freshmerl mIdfIeIder Brandle Hayuncs (2) provldel stem .............. hankIwIIIrtC USO forwanlln UCSD'. 3-1 win over the Toreras. 

The miraculous healing 
powers of slow-clapping are 
even helping America's 
sluggish economy. "The 
Clapper" reports a 94 percent 
sales increase over last quarter, 
and retail owners can' t keep 
enough "Clappers" on the shelf. 

No Bull: Tritons Stop Toreras 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: Wins over crosstown rival 
USD and Cal State Fullerton boost record to 4-0-1 

Sega's new "Super Slow-
:::"' Clap" video game has knocked 

"Mortal Kombat" from the top 
slot, and Richard Simmons' 
"Slow Clapping to Barry 
Manilow" exercise video 
booted "Buns of Steel" straight 
off the charts. 

Several leading economists 
predict that slow-clapping 
products will exceed one billion 

/I,.' dollars in sales next year. All of 
a sudden, people around the 
world are joyously proclaiming 
"I've got The Clap!" 

The overwhelming popular-
ity of slow-clapping here and 
abroad continues to gather steam, 
yet an insidious threat to the slow-
clapping craze looms over the 
horizon: drug abuse. 

Allegations of performance-
See COLUMN, Page 23 

By Grea Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

If, at the end of the season, the 
NCAA decides to start giving out 
awards for technical achievement in 
soccer, don' t look for the UCSD 
women's team to walk away with it. 
But a playoff berth is a 
different story. The Tri-
tons, after wins over Cal 
State Fullerton, 2-1, and 
USD, 3-1, last week, are 
4-0-1, and while it may be 
winning ugly, it' s still 
winning. 

Wednesday's game 
against Fullerton was a 
virtual repeat ofUCSD's 
first three games: the Tri-
tons dominate but can't find the net, 
the game goes into overtime and 
UCSD pulls it out in the end. 

Among the Tritons' several 
chance~ wasa Brandie Hayungscross 
that Diana Muchowski headed just a 
foot above the goal. The second half 
was more of the same, with UCSD 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

W ..... ·.SoccaI. 
Mon., Sept 27 at Cal Poly Pomona, 5:00 p.m. 

..... ..,.... 
Mon., Sept 27 at Cal Poly Pomona, 7:30 p.m. 

applying the most pressure about 10 
minutes after the intermission. Ele 
Johnson was robbed by the diving 
Fullerton goalkeeper, Heidi Clauss. 
Johnson was followed in quick suc-
cession by shots from fellow Tritons 
Carin Pugh, Jennifer Ewert, Katie 

Larkin and a near-miss cor-
ner kick. Pugh found 
Johnson on a breakaway 
down the left side, but 
Johnson's shot sailed over 
tile crossbar. 

Ten minutes later, 
Monica Gilman stole the 
ball from the Titans' Jenni-
fer Patterson near the goal, 
but her shot missed less than 
a foot above the crossbar. 

These close calls might have frus-
trated the young Tritons, but by now 
they had grown used to it - it was 
their fourth overtime game' in a row. 

In overtime. Fullerton got on the 
board first whe'l Patterson nailed a 
grounder from outside the box. across 
the goal and into the right comer past 

Dan McDoweIi/Guard,an 
Forward Daphne Famum attempts to cut off a Toreras defender. 

Triton keeper Cari Schwartz. But 
UCSDcame back seven minutes later 
on a Pugh to Hayungs connection. 

Pugh headed down the left side-
line with the ball and cut into the 
middle for the shot Her ground ball 
ricocheted off of Clauss, who had 
come out to challenge Pugh, and de- . 
fleeted right to the surprised Hayungs 
who tapped it in to tie the score at one. 

The close calls continued for the 
Tritons when two shots caromed off 

the goal posts later in the overtime 
period. 

UCSD won the game with only 
I: 18 to play when Dawn Lee got 
control of the ball near midfield. She 
booted it up the center, landing it 
directly in front of a printing Pugh 
who outran April Henderson to the 
ball and then shot left of Clauss for the 
victory. 

It was a typical game for the Tri-
See W. SOCCER, Page 22 

GUARDIAN ATHLETE-OF-THE-WEEK 

For her outstanding performance in women's volleyball action, 
The UCSD Guardian recognizes junior Julie Harvey as the first 
ever Guardian Athlete-of-the-Week. 

Harvey, an outside hitter for the Tritons, was named the 
Tournament Most Valuable Player for last weekend's UCSD 
Invitational. In her three-game performance. she tallied eight 
blocks, 39 kills and an incredible 51 digs to lead the Tritions to 
a 4-0 record for the tournament. 

Head Coach Doug Dannevik considers her "certainly an All-
American candidate, and the team's most confident passer. " 


