
Elsewhere 
Student Protesters 
Arrested at UCLA 
LOS ANGELES - Protesting 
UCLA's recent refusal to grant 
the Chicano Studies program 
full departmental status, student 
demonstrators were arrested last 
Tuesday when they occupied 
the faculty center for several 
hours, breaking windows and 
damaging computers and 
anwork. More than 200 police 
arrested about 90 protesters, 
including 10 on misdemeanor 
count and the rest on felony 
vandalism charges. UCLA 
officials estimated damage at 
$35,000 to $50,000. A second 
day of peaceful protests last 
Wednesday brought a crowd of 
more than 600 to call UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young to 
reverse the decision, but he was 
unavailable for comment. 

UCSB'. P.E. Dept. 
Faces Closure 
SANTA BARBARA - UC 
Santa Barbara's College of 
Letters and Science could 
make the Physical Activities 
and Recreation Depanment the 
first sacrifice to the budget cuts 
if student effons fail to 
convince officials to keep the 
program. A plan introduced by 
the college' administrators late 
last week would cancel more 
than 350 physical activities 
courses, close a number of 
cenification programs and shut 
down athletic facilities. It 
would be the first time UCSB 
has closed an entire depanment 
after three years of state budget 
cuts. 

UCD Students Will 
Pedal for Progress 
DA VIS - UC Davis students 
Jack Sylvan and Thomas Hsu 
will pedal their way across the 
UnitedStatesstaningJune 14as 
pan of an AIDS awareness 
program entitled: "Bike-Aid 
'93 : Pedaling for Progress." 
Panicipants will host educa-
tional forums along their route 
to discuss both local and global 
concerns centering around the 
AIDS issue. 

Inside 

CLUBBlNG 
GOLF: UCSD hosts the 

CAA Division III Golf 
Championships. 10 

SPORTS: Women ' water 
polo visited the national 
chamionships. 18 

Index 
UC D BRJEFS .................. .... .. 2 
UGlITS AND IHENS ............. 3 
OPINION .............................. 4 
CALENDAR .................. ......... 8 
SPORTS ................ ...... ........ 18 
CLASSIFIEDS .................. .. .. 20 

T H E u 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, MAY 17,1993 

ThIrd College Senior Dianne Beltran attaches her message to a gI.n letter to California 
Governor Pete Wilson during the 'EducatIon Crisis Carnival' on Friday. 

Students Protest Cuts with Carnival 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

Four hundred UCSD students gathered to 
herald the "death" of the University of Califor-
nia in the Associated Students' "Ed~cation Cri-
sis Carnival" held last Thursday. The carnival 
was co-sponsored by the College Democrats. 

The event featured a mock graveyard with 
tombstones marking the death of students' "fu-
tures" and "education," a huge letter to Gover-
nor Pete Wilson and a multitude of signs protest-
ing the cuts. 

The carnival emphasized political action and 
encouraged students to write letters to state 
legislators and the govemor. According to A.S. 
Vice President External Nick Endres, about 300 
letters were written in all. 

Students at the event said letter writing is an 
important vehicle in influencing legislators. 

"If we want to have a say in what happens to 
us and our education, we have to let them know 
[our opinions]," said Third College first-year 
student Frances Hsieh. 

Campus organizations set up tables to dem-

onstrate what the cuts would mean to different 
groups on campus. 

The Association of Student Employees 
(ASE), wpich represents the graduate s~udent 
teacl'ling and research assistants at UCSD. said 
that the budget crisis has had an immediate 
impact on their positions as educators. 

The Student Environmental Action Coali-
tion (SEAC) exhibited a chopped tree to repre-
sent the "C1earcutting [of] our Education." Rep-
resentatives from SEAC said that reduced fund-
ing from the university has impaired their ca-

.pacity to program events. According to SEAC 
representative John Bowling, better environ-
mental programs at the university would save 
money that could be used for education. 

He cited the university's management of 
hazardous chemicals in 1700 labs at UCSD as 
needlessly expensive. He added that UCSD is 
the third largest user of electricity in the San 
Diego area and the fourth largest user of water 
and gas. 

"Pete Wilson is clear~utting our future [by] 
See CARNIVAL, Page 7 

·Civil Rights Icons Lecture on 'Coalitions' 
CAMPUS: Angela Davis and . 
Elizabeth Martinez speak to 1,200 
on importance of working together 

litical activist and coalition builderCesarChavez. 
whose movement united labor. liberals and the 
peace. environment and civil rights movements 
in a boycott of California grapes that at one point 

By Terri Duggan involved over 17 million people. 
Staff Writer Martinez spoke about the need for coalitions 

Civil right icons Angela Davis and Eliza- betweenpeopleofcolorout!>ideofthosedefined 
beth Martinez visited UCSD last Wednesday to by the dominant culture. As an example. he 
share their ideas about political activi m in an cited "racial-white tunnel vi ion." which she 
address entitled "Building Coaliti ns Between defined as "letting whites decide our Chicano 
People of Color." perspective. which i self-defeating." 

An introduction given by local gallery owner She added that ignorance also prevented 
Margaret Porter-Troupe highlighted the impor- different societal groups from forming coali-
tance of " integrating our live " and building tions. 
coalitions between minority groups to facilitate "The most effective way to solve these prob-
working together for a common goa\. lems is practical ... just working together against 

The first to speak was Martinez, a political a common enemy and for a common goa\. Al1 
activist who has worked for over 30 years in this is heading toward butlding trust. We don't 
such groups as the Student Nonviolent Coord i- [even] have to like each other," Martinez said. 
nating Committee and has spoken out against Angela Davis continued the lecture by re-
U.S. involvement in Vietnam and Latin America viewing the history of African-Americans and 
She currently teaches at California State Un i- Hispanic coalition-building by UCSD students 
versity. Hayward. before discussing the present movement to cre. 

Martinez first paid respects to Hispanic I» . See ICONS, Page 3 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE.lS 

Judicial Board 
Refuses to 
Hear Appeal 
COUNCIL: Board atfmns earlier 
decision that removed Siwabessy 
from office of A.S. President 
By Chris Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

The Associated Students Judicial Board an-
nounced Friday that it would not hear an appeal 
by recently-dismissed A.S. President Randolph 
Siwabessy. who was declared ineligible to hold 
office by board in a May 5 ruling. 

The case stems from a complaint filed by 
Elections Manager Beth Gesson claiming that 
Siwabessy was not a registered student at the 
time of the election and therefore should be 
disqualified from participating. 

In a written decision. the board said that al1 
decisions were final and that relevant evidence 
should have been presented in the first hearing. 

Gesson said Friday 's announcement was 
proper in light of the results of the first hearing. 

"It became clear without a doubt that 
[Siwabessy] was ineligible at the time .... "Gesson 
said of the May 5 hearing. "He did not real1y 
present evidence of his status." 

A second complaint against Siwabessy. filed 
by former AS. presidential candidate D.A 
Bartolotta al1eging that Siwabessy is not eli-
gible for office because he is not a registered 
studentthis quarter. will be heard by the Judicial 
Board sometime next week. Bartolotta is asking 
for a run-off election to fil1 Siwa.bessy's office. 
which is currently occupied by AS. Vice Presi-
dent Administrative Carla Tesak. 

1be Judicial Board initially decided that it 
did not have original jurisdiction over 
Bartolotta's case and sent the complaint to the 
Election Administrative Committee (EAC).1be 
EAC decided that the complaint dealt with AS. 
constitutional matters and that the case was 
therefore within the Judicial Board's jurisdic-
tion. However. the elections committee did 

See SIWABESSY, Page 3 

OM! Cho/GuMfM 
~ DavIe -.. ... front of ........ 
dlplctllil ......, 8t .... Ch6 CIf6 on n-dIIy. 



2 NEWS 

'Klanwatch' Worker 
Speaks on Hate Crimes 
lECTlIIE: Laurie Wood warns audience of the dan-
gers of new 'three-piece-suit' Klansmen 
..,.,1fwIn& 
StIIffWriter 

Members of the UCSD conunu-
nity gathered to leam about hate 
groups and hear a message of toler-
ance in the Price Center Auditorium 
last Tuesday. 

Laurie Wood, a researcher and 
writer for the Klanwatch Project of 
the Southern Pov-
erty Law Center, 
spoke to the audi-
ence about hate 
groups in the United 
States, emphasizing 
the sheer number of 
racist organizations 
in America. 

just attract rednecks withgreen teeth 
that can 't talk right," she said ''They 
attract high-level people also and 
that makes them more scary." She 
added that intellectuals such as Wil-
liam Peters, author of a book de-
scribing a white revolution in the 
21 51 century, are also attracted to 
hate groups. 

Wood ended her 
presentation by 
showing slides of 
children in KKK 
uniforms carrying 
rifles. She empha-
sized that hate is 
passed on fromgen-
eration to genera-
tion and urged the 
audience to teach 
tolerance to their 
children. 

"The average 
talk [about racist 
groups in America] 
is usually about one 
tofourhours.Some- 'K1anwatch' WOIk. laurie 
times it can last up Wood at the lectin. 

Following 
Wood's presenta-
tion, a panel an-

sweredquestionsfromtheaudience. 
The panel included Wood, Vice 
President of the San Diego Human 
Relations Commission Henry 
Hodge, Director of the American 
Friends Service Committee U.S.-
Mexican Border Program Human 
Rights Monitor Roberto Martinez 
and James McElroy, an attorney 
who won a seperate $12 million 
judgment against Tom Metzger. 

to eight hours," 
Wood said ''That's how much hate 
crime and hate group activities that 
are going on out there." 

KIanwatch was created in 1979 
after a black man in Alabama was 
accused of shooting a klansman 
during a Klu Klux Klan (KKK) 
attack on civil rights marchers. To-
day, the organization monitors hate 
crimes and white-supremacist 
groups in the United Stat~ and pub-
lishes educational material to teach 
tolerance to students at all levels. 

Klanwatch was behind a highly 
publicized lawsuit against Tom 
Metzger's White Aryan Resistance 
(WAR). The suit was brought on 
behalf of the relatives of an Ethio-
pian immigrant who was beaten to 
death by a group of teenage, neo-
Nazi skinheads. 

A jury found WAR, Metzger 
and his son responsible for the 
skinheads' actions and awarded $4.5 
million to the victim's family. 

"That verdict severely crippled 
Mr. Metzger's skinhead followers," 
Wood said. "He was the grandaddy 
of the skinhead movement, and [af-
tertheverdict] a lot of skinheads lost 
faith in him and ran." 

Wood said the KKK is still an 
active organization in this country. 
She said alongside the "old-style 
Klan," whose members wear the 
familiar white robes and hoods, a 
new breed of Klansman who dress 
in three-piece suits and participate 
openly in politics, such as fonner 
Louisiana gubernatorial candidate 
David Duke, has formed in the 
United States. 

Wood also warned the audience 
to be wary of stereotyping the typi-
cal white supremacist. 

"The Klan and these neo-Nazi 
and white supremacist groups don't 

When asked if the Klan could be 
shut down, Wood responded, "Rac-
ism will always exist. TIlere's al-
ways going to be racism with free 
speech. It's just a maner of control-
ling it. The best we can do is to shut 
down organized hate groups that 
have huge followings like 
[Metzger's W ARI .... Try to shut 
them down. Stop them from operat-
ing financially." 

McElroy said the influence of 
hate groups is probably greater than 
it appears to be. 

"I just think sometimes we get 
complacent. ... We're only seeing 
what's reported, what makes it in 
the newspaper, and there's prob-
ably two or three times as much 
going on that you and I aren't aware 
of," he said. 

He added that education is the 
best solution to racism. 

"They 're really targeting thejun-
ior high and high school kids," he 
said. "If we can fight them and beat 
them, the best [method] would be to 
.target [teenagers]." 

TIle event was part of the Centro 
Cultural de la Raza' s American Fes-
tival Project. The San Diego City 
Human Relations Commission, 
UCSD African-American Student 
Union and the UCSD Affirmative 
Action and Human Relations pro-
gram also co-sponsored the event. 

!IIe('(so~~ pods/IeII """'1nII1IuscIIII~" -*'/fIII\Ir InII are_ 
dl.CSO. ~ d 1IiI_1n "" Ionn ...... 1n _ or In ........ pemisIion Is 
strlctIy [lIIIhIiIed. C l991 II IWb --.eel. !lie I.(SD Go-*' Is not IIIPOI'IItie a re IItIm d 

l.I'oSOIiCI\2(l~orllt TlIe_""'- tnflllljCS ..,...,_or __ dD not 
I10CISSIIIy ~ re ~ d lIIe I.CSO ~ re ~ d CaIbIiI, 0( re "'_ 
SIl.derU. lIIe I.(SD ~ Is fIrded !deIr by ~ lIIII bee Is bal news. 

BEN BOVCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON .BLEDSO£, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, AssocJste Graphics Editor 
MIGUB.. IUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, AssocIete News EdItor 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~\tI!\ .~-I' 
.. ,~, .. ~~.-Io:/-,,~f":JI 
.. \. 
..,-

BRIEFLY ••• 

~i 
I 

UCSDEthnic Studies Chair Receives Grant 
UCSD Ethnic Studies Department Chair and History 

Professor Ramon Gutierrez has received a $100,000 
grant in support of his research proposal 'Chicanos and 
Latinos in a Global and Comparative Context.· The 
Senate Concurrent Resolution grant is the result of 
California state legislation to increase the amount of 
fundi~ for research on Latinos. 

Gutierrez will be on leave from UCSD during the 
1993-94 school year. His other appointments include a 
senior fellowship from the Getty Center for the History of 
Art and Humanities, a post~ral fellowship from the 
UCLA Institute of American Cultures. a UCLA Rockefeller 
Foundation Fellowship in Chicano Studies, a Haynes 
fellowship at the Huntington Ubray, a UC Humanities 
Research Institute fellowship for the Minority Discourse 
Project and an appointment as a fellow at the Cushwa 
Center for the Study of American Catholicism at the 
University of Notre Dame. 

Committee Seeks Information 
On Students with Dlsabilltl .. 

The UCSD Americans with Disabilities Act Advisol)' 
Committee is gathering the ideas and concerns of the 

campus community regarding programs that may be 
inaccessible or policies that may impede the participa-
tion of persons with disabilities. Students who would like 
to identify specific difficulties encountered while at-
tempting to gain access to campus facilities, services or 
programs, or who simply wish to offer ideas to improve 
access are asked to respond to the UCSD Accessibility 
Survey which appears on INFOPATH computers. 

Students may also obtain a copy of the survey by 
contacting Maian Goeke at 534-3470 in the Campus 
Planning Office. 

u ............. uat. Art Festival 
Planned for May 24-28 

To those studio artists who are interested in display-
ing their work at UCSD's Undergraduate Art Festival, 
coordinators will be accepti~ studio pieces of drawings, 
paintings, photography and sculpture to go on display at 
the Mandeville Annex GaIleI)' from May 24-28. All wOf1< 
will automatically be entered In the Stuart Competition 
for a $200 prtze. There Is limited fundl~ available for 
framing and mattire. Call Jason Ditmars at 625-9397 or 
Ronen Mintz at 554-1894 ASAP for more Information. 

The Guardian 
weather rsport 

Mon: 70'/62' Tuas: 70'/62' Wed: 69'/61' Yesterday: 70'/62' 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWELL, i'OOto Editor 

PHIUP MICHAB.S, Opinion Editor 
JEfF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, AsSOCiate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Features Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

DllllGN CONIULT.un: James Collier 
ILLUITRATOIII: MlCIla Croft, Tara Eof!. Nathan Eriin. Speed Fams. jennifer 
Hart. Dominic Lobbla. Atan Lunc:tcren. AdrIano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI Spon& 
-= Joel Arnold. WIlSOn Chelln&. Martus Lobbla. CMstopher Lock 
1'MOTOCIItAI'HI: DavId COO. Jason Curran. Sldart Deb. Saut Levine. Chuck 
NauYen. Oanny Ruaplnl 
COPY RIADIItI: MIChelle Chlanc. Aron Miller. jessie Sprinaer. Ma~an Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim LIn 
IIIITOIUAl AUlA.un: BrlIn K. Hutto 
ADYDT1IINI ASIISTANT: Tara Eolf 

BOB DeANDREA, Business MM.' 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AMrtlsl", ManBler 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdWHtIslrw Despr 

E. LEIGH HENRY, CllJSSlfied Representative 

Editorial: 5346580. BuSinesa 0fIIc:e: 534-3466. fax: 534-7691 
UCSD G~ 9&00 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
AcWII _ : IIcond Floor. ucso SIucIenI CtntIo a.ilcllnl 'A' 

Monday, May 17, 1993 

SIWABESSY: 
Judicial Board refuses 
to hear his appeal 
Continued from paee 1 
clear Siwabessy's slate, "Student 
Action Now! ," of any wrongdoing. 

Student Advocate Matthew Win-
ter, who is representing Siwabessy 
in the case, attacked the Judicial 
Board for what he saw as inconsis-
timcies in irs decisions. 

He said the appeal should have 
been heard because the board'sorigi-
nal decision was based on "false 
information." 

He added that the board's deci-
sion to hear the Gesson v. S i wabessy 
but to defer Bartolotta's complaint 
to the EAC was an "almost laugh-
able" inconsistency. 

Judicial BoardChairSallySherry 
said Gesson's case was not referred 
to the EAC because she waschairof 
the elections committee and had 
filed the complaint on behalf of the 
entire board. 

"The members of the Judicial 
Board are not stupid. [Instead], they 
are following the stupid rules of this 
school," Sherry said. 

Winter said there is no basis for 
the board's rulirig. 

"What you're saying is that 
[Siwabessy] should hang by your 
decision when there 's evidence re-
futing that," he told the board at 
Friday's meeting. 

At the meeting, Winter said he 
had evidence showing that 
Siwabessy was a registered student 
at the time of the election. However, 
because there was no hearing, he 
could not present the evidence. 

"1 think [the Judicial Board] is a 
kangaroo court," he said. "There is 
no training. They've neversat down 
with the [A.S.] rules. I think it 's a 
pity because the only people who 
lose are the students." 

Winter added that he and 
Siwabessy may try to appeal to an-
other body in order to have their 
case heard. 

"The problem with appealing 
higher is you appeal to administra-
tion boards, and the administration 
doesn ' t like[Siwabessy) because he 
wants autonomy," Winter said. 

Gesson said she was relieved 
that the case had finally been de-
cided, but she added that as elec-
tions manager, she will still be in-
volved in the process of filling 
Siwabessy's office. 

"We're confident that there will 
be another election," she said. 
Gesson added that a Judicial Board 
ruling in favor of Bartolotta would 
mandate another election to fill 
Siwabessy 's office. 

' ~ CifJ 

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
eo.op _otIMIOM- Acting President Carla Tesak said during Council 
Caucus that "there are some very big problems," in the co-op negotiations. 
She said that the co-ops and Graduate Student Association (GSA) have so 
far refused to sign the revised Memorandum of Understanding previously 
agreed to by the administration and the A.S. Council. Last week the ccrops 
submitted a list of 19 points of grievance against the revised document. 
Tesak said her main concem was to save student funds currently being 
depleted by legal fees. After four months of negotiations, Tesak questioned 
extending the process any further. In two separate straw polls, the council 
voted to discontinue negotiations on the memorandum and to talk with the 
ccrops in order to defend the council's view on the 19 points of contention. 

-' 

EnroIImeId Cuta- In her executive report, Tesak reported that Vice 
Chancellor of Academic Affairs Joseph Watson asked her to have the A.S. 
take a position on the possibility of enrollment cuts to avoid reducing the 
quality of education. Watson proposed two cut options. The first would be 
to make the academic requirements more stringent, but Tesak reported that 
Watson had already received objections from the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee because it might prevent many disadvantaged students from 
attending. The second option would be to cut from the middle of the 
applicant pool, although that would create an imbalance in entering 
students' academic records. 

AppoIntments-
• Jenner McCloskey as Executive Lobby Director 
• Review and approval of Sally Sherry as Judicial Board Chair until Oct. 1993 

~Ied by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

ICONS: Angela 
Davis and Elizabeth 
Martinez lecture 
Continued from page 1 
ate a multicultural center. 

Davis, a former Third College 
student and long-time political 
activist and writer, first rose to 
national prominence when she was 
removed from her post in the 
UCLA Philosophy Department 
because of her membership in the 
Communist Party. She is currently 
a Professor of History of Con-
sciousness at UC Santa Cruz. 

Like Martinez, Davis addressed 
the barriers to building coalitions 
between minority groups, saying 
that activism. despite its good in-
tentions, can have dangerous con-
sequences. Shealsocited the prob-
lem of minorities trying to create a 
"hierarchy of who's the most op-
pressed or least oppressed." 

"Why do we compete for the 
statusofbeing the most downtrod-
den victim? I'm tired of being a 
victim!" Davis said. 

Davis also examined problems 
pertaining specifically to African-
Americans and women of color. 
African-Americans, she said, of-
ten have a "tendency to construct 
black-white relations," and 
marginalize the importance of 
other mioorities. 

Davis added that women of 
color need to be considered as a 
separate coalition because they 

have been working together as a 
political community. 

Another problem addressed 
was the categorizing of specific 
problems which, according to 
Davis, should not be only directed 
to the victims of those problems. 

"Homophobia should not just 
be addressed by lesbians, gays and 
bisexuals, and I'm tired of sexual 
violence being just a women's is-
sue - men should also fight such 
v iolence against women," she said. 

After the speech, Graduate stu-
dent Claudia Huiza, who coordi-
nated the event, said she was 
pleased with the "wonderful turn-
out." 

"We were able to bring many 
groups together - students came 
from community colleges, from 
SDSU,even UCLA and UCSanta 
Cruz. There was also a good repre-
sentation of Asians, Latinos, 
Chicanos, African-Americans and 
other groups," she said. 

"Building Coalitions Between 
People of Color" was sponsored 
by UC Mexus, the African-Ameri-
can Student Union, MEChA, the 
Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee, HRP, KP, Asian Pacific 
Islander Association, the Native 
American Student Alliance, De-
partments of Literature and Com-
munication, Office of the Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs, the 
student co-ops, Women's resource 
Center, Third, Warren and Muir 
Colleges and Centro Cultural de la 
Raza. 

I 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

1?C1J@ ~©& u W@WD@W @@QIJ[?@@ 
oy CoCumoia ~view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSIClANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
, INTENSIVE MCAT prep and med school application assistance is our 

pecialty and all we do! 
, An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty member.; who are 
MCA T EXPERTS 

, Reading and wri ting workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

, 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing. 
problem solving. reading/writing workshops. review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

, 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and fonnula heets, 
reading and writing study guides, MCAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrillen by MCAT expens 

, REAL MCA T materials distributed to all enrolled students 
• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
,TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
, LOWER TUITION than other courses 

APPLY NOW! 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

The Most Instructionally Intensive Commercial Prep Course In the Country 
At UCLA, UCSD, UCI, UCR ... and now Berkeley! 

:! 

PROFESSIONAL 

Spealcer: William Bresnick, M.D. 
uc MEDICAL REsIDENT AND CO-DIRECTOR, CoCum6ia MatT ~vitw 

II.JIII, Pre-medical and medical school 
Issues. ~ .llIIlnllnlo medical school 
Sponso,~d by: THE UCSD PRE~MED CLUB & Co{umfjia 9t{0l'I ~view 

The Cove, Price Center, first floor, 6 p.m. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17,1993 

PINION 

The Gospel of Communication is little 
more than self-righteous nonsense 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

A reading from the Gospelaccording toSchiller, Chapter 
One, ad nauseum: 

In the beginning there was the Hegemon. And the 
Hegemon slIn'eyed the vast earthly expanse and saw the 
shivering unwashed masses, and thought conspiratorial 
thollglrts . And the Hegemon said, "Let there be 
illlemational corporate conglomerates.''' And there was, 
and it was bad. And then the Hegemon said, "Let/here be 
media monopolies.''' And there was, and it was deceptive 
and e_\]Jloited the working classes. And the Hegemon sat 
back ill its enormolls chair, lit an enormolls cigar and 
surveyed all that it owned ... . 

.. And the Hegemon said, "Let there be an unholy 
alliallce beTWeen the media and govemmell/! Let there be 
social control in the newsroom' Andbad television shows! 
And MN!" And there was, and it was most lllcrative. 
Finally, the Hegemon poured itself a martini and said, 
"Let there be the Status Quo'" And there was. And it was 
very, very bad ... 

.. And the Hegemon stood atop its mighty corporate 
towers and spoke 111110 the masses. "BIlY more products! 
Don't question alllhority! Vote Repllblican! Yield to the 
Statlls QIIO!" And the masses bought more material 
goods, alld the elites wallowed in wealth obtained from 
the blood o/ Third World workers and women, and the 
Repllblicans shredded the Constitution, which was a 
racisr docllmenr anyway, and the Status QIIO grew/or and 
complacent ... 

.. .Gilt of the desert did ride a Prophet and his army of 
Light·Bringers and Debunkers. And the Prophet Herb did 
storm the mighty ivory rower, and his army of Intellects 
did hem and haw. And the Prophet Herb spoke unto the 
I nrellects. "Capitalism bad! Newspapers bad! Television 
very bad!" And the inrellects did nod approvingly./or the 
Prophet Herb was very wise and would lead the bovine 
masses out of the darkness. And the Prophet Herb 
continued his spiel. "Socialism good.' Nation good.' PBS 
notas bad, but cOllldbe better.'" And the Intellects nodded 
more, and did a little dance .. . 

The Gospel of Schiller is no laughing 
matter - to the Schillerites, at 
least. As an academic 
discipline, Communication is 

See GOSPEL, Page 17 

Communication should 
not be the academic 
world's whipping boy 
By PhIlip Michaels 
Opinion Editor 

Like the proverbial 98-pound weakling at the beach, the 
Communication Department at UCSD spends a lot of time 
getting sand kicked in its face. A few kind words about this oft-
reviled social science are hard to come by. Indeed, Communica-
tion has become the Whipping boy for critics of modem day 
education. Communication is nothing more than theoretical 
acrobatics and leftist smoke and mirrors, these critics cry. The 
students who have been cozened into this foul major are being 
tnmsformed into politically correct drones by their insidious and 
all-powerful professors. In short, Communication can be blamed 
for the downfall of western civilization. 

Being a Communication major myself, I've heard all the 
complaints, jokes and knocks against my chosen field of aca-
demic interest. When you' re a Comm major, facing the scorn and 
derision of others becomes second nature. My roommates, who 
major in CSE, still stare at me as if I'm pulling a fast one on the 
university. as if a degree in Communication is only useful for 
wiping up messy household spills. Anyone who can write term 
papers on the cultural significance of professional wrestling must 
be up to something suspect, they figure. 

"Ah, Communication," an actor friend said to me once. 
'11.ill 's the major that makes Theatre majors feel good about 
themselves." 

It's easy to treat Communication as an unsightly blemish on 
UCSO's ivory tower. Many 's the time, whenever I've had a 
paper due or an impending research project staring me in the face, 
that I've rained curses down upon the heads of Herb Schiller and 
his Communication ilk for tormenting me with volume after 
volume of ponderous screeds. Defending the Comm Department 
from all enemies foreign and domestic is not an activity thatI've 
made a habit of over the years. But nevertheless, much of the 
criticism that attacks anything and everything to do with Comm 
is somewhat off base. True, there are many things about the 
department I would change, had r that power over time and space, 
but the fact remains: Communication isn't any different from 

See DEFENSE, Page 6 

Monday, May 17, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

IT!)S GOOD TO BE THE KING OF PIG LATIN AND JARGON 
By Jason Snell 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

There are three kids sitting in the 
backseal of a ear. They 'rein the middle 
ofa long car trip. They're bored. And 
one of them is crying, because the 
other two are making no sense to her 
at all. 

They're speaking pig latin, and 
the youngest kid doesn't know how to 
speak it. The other two giggle as they 
talk, knowing that they're on the in-
side and the other child is on the 
outside. 

Fifteen years later, one of those 
giggling kids is a college student, 
sitting in a lecture hall. The professor 
is discussing hegemony or neo-real-
ism or null hypotheses. And now she 
knows how the little child felt, be-
cause now she's on the outside, strug-
gling to understand words that make 
no sense at all . 

Educating that student -and most 
college students these days - has 
turned into nothing fTlore than an ex-
pensive and grandiose way to teach us 
all our chosen discipline's version of 
pig latin. 

I'm a student at UC Berkeley's 
Graduate School of Journalism. Re-
cently, joumalism schools have been 
attacked for being among the worst 
offenders in jargonspeak. A recent 
cover article in The New Republic 
(headline "J-School Ate My Brain") 
took several well-aimed shots at New 
York's Columbia Journalism School. 

In the article, writer Michael Lewis 
said that Columbia, recognized as the 
most prestigious journalism school in 
the countty, is an institution that has 
invented complicated academic theo-
ries and jargon. Why? To hide the fact 
that the school is a sham, a place 
devoted to teaching people a trade 
that doesn't require school. 

Joumalism schools are, the article 
says, places that have a lot in common 
with McDonald's Hamburger Uni-
versity. Surely you've heard of Ham-
burger U. - it's recognized as the 
most prestigious place to train French 

Fry Engineers in the interpretation of 
the McRib Manifesto. 

The article struck a chord in me. It 
was all so familiar. 

Am I saying that the UC Berkeley 
Graduate School of Joumalism is, 
like Columbia's J-School, a sham? 
Not at all. 

The place the Ntw Rt!public re-
minded me of was UCSO. 

A piece of paper wedged between 
two paperbacks in my bookshelf says 
I've got a bachelor's degree in Com-
munication from ReveUeCollege, UC 
San Diego. I have yet to buy a frame 
and hang it on my wall. 

In earning that expensive piece of 
paper, I took nearly 20 Communica-
tion courses. And in almost every one 
of them, I Ieamed bits of vocabulary 
and grammar that, put together, form 
the language of the Comm Depart-
ment. Now I can talk about hege-
mony, deconstructionalism, debate 
what Michel Foucault says aboutsexu-
a1ity out of the context of history -
all of it. 

Make sense? Sure. About as much 
sense as what Michael Lewis saw at 
the Columbia Journalism School: a 
"search strategy for mass communi-
cations" flow-chart. In plain English, 
that translates into the complicated 
process by which joumalists pick up 
the phone,. dial a number, ask a few 
questions to the person on the other 
end and hang up. 

Columbia's use of jargon allows 
the people there to feel as if they're 
members of a special club: We're the 
only ones who understand whm we're 
talking about. We're part of the sa-
cred fraternity. We're journalists. 

It insulates them from the fact that 
just about everyone alive thinks that 
they're a writer. And if you can be a 
writer, you can be ajoumaJist. In fact, 
being a journalist may be easier -
after all, writing fiction requires you 
to make things up, while being a 
joumalist only requires writing about 
stuff that happens. 

The use of jargon in Comm classes 

SayIng you're 
......... Csymbolc 
....... ralatlo.illlllp. 
In popu" culture Is 
..,. ..... ownl ... up 
to the fact you're 
WIttIng -elliy 
papers about .. 
TrM,Peew.. 
.............. .". 

SImpsons. All of 
which I cId cUI ... my 
time at UCSD. 
........ this explains 
why that ....... of 
mine Is .all In my 
bookIheIf, and not on 
my waiL 
insulates both the professors and stu-
dents from the subjects they're actu-
ally studying. Saying you're discuss-
ing symbolic gender reJetionships in 
popular culture is safer than owning 
up to the fact you're writing lengthy 
papers about Star Trek, Pee Wee 
Herman, The Simpsons, Peter Gabriel 
and All in the Family. 

All of which I did during my time 
at UCSO. Perhaps this explains why 
that diploma of mine is still in my 
bookshelf, and not on my wall. 

Now that I'm in pursuit of yet 
another piece of paper, this one a 

vaunted Master of Journalism, have I 
signedupfortwomoreyearsofsense-
less jargon? 

Fortunately for me, itdoesn 't seem 
so. My experience at Berkeley'sjour-
nalism school is that it's free from 
jargon and pretension. My ftrst in-
structor was an editor at theNtw York 
DailyNtws, a tabloid paper. But rather 
than fall into using jargon as a way to 
defend his professional credentials, 
he simply acknowledged that experi-
ence builds joumalists. 

Not search strategies for mass 
communications. Not nut graphs or 
null hypothest!s or any other Colum-
bia-style catchphrases. 

And that's what my experience in 
Berkeley's been like so far. It's been 
about getting more experience in writ-
ing and reporting. It's about finding 
what kinds of jobs are available in the 
field. It's not about term papers. And 
for a subject like Journalism, that's 
especially important. 

Of course, the Communication 
discipline isn't like Journalism. We 
all communicate every day, so it's 
obvious you don't need a degree in 
order to practice it. We also all watch 
television and read newspapers every 
day. You don't need a degree to do 
that. 

The Comm Department analyzes 
our communication, analyzes televi-
sion and newspapers and movies and 
other aspects of popular culture. Con-
sidering we watch this stuff every 
day, thinking about what's in it and 
why we watch it seems reasonable. 

But that discussion is something 
all of us should be concerned with. 
We should be able to have reasonable 
discussions about why Hollywood 
doesn't ~e movies with female 
leads. We should be able to debate 
whether or not TV violence can 
change the behavior of children. 

But the more academic the discus-
sion becomes, the less regular people 
can have to do with it. Talking about 
David Letterman's move to CBS be-
comes akin to discussing the difficul-

ties of using both solid and liquid 
propellants in space shuttle engines. 

]t's easy to attack UCSO's Com-
munication Department. And that's 
where most of my experience rests. 
But the Comm Departmentisn 't much 
worse than most of the social science 
and humanitiesdepartmentsat UCSD, 
or at any other university. 

People like to feel good about 
themselves. And as the people at 
Colwnbia's Journalism School, the 
Comm Department and in most every 
other academic department at every 
university know, speaking in code is 
a great way for people to feel that 
they're part of an exclusive club. As 
long as there are people on the outside 
who don't understand what you're 
saying, you're special. 

It doesn't matter if what you're 
encoding has linleorno intrinsic value. 
The people on the outside don't know 
that. They only know that you know 
something they don't. You 're an ex-
pert at it. 

When I was the age of those kids 
speaking pig latin in the back of their 
car, I'd play games by our swimming 
pool during the summer. AliI had at 
my disposal to play with in the pool 
were four weighted pool rings col-
ored blue, yellow, orange and red. I 
was afraid of opening my eyes under-
water. 

So what did J do? Contrive a 
lengthy game to play by the pool, 
involving jumping in and out of the 
water feet-ftrSt, eyes closed and nose 
pinched, grabbing rings off the bot-
tom with my feel. When friends carne 
over, sometimes I'd show them the 
game and play it with them. 

I won, of course. And felt good 
about it. I was, after all, the expert on 
the subject. I made the game, I made 
the rules and I practiced them. 

1 was the king of the pool. And as 
Mel Brooks said, it's good to be the 
king. Just ask anyone with a Ph.D. Or 
even someone with a Bachelor of 
Arts in Communication hidden away 
in his bookshelf. 

TRY TO UNDERSTAND THE MILITARY'S POINT OF VIEW 
Editor: 

In her commentary (''The Military 
Man's New Image," May 6), Gaye 
Johnson complained that members of 
the military ,particularly its high-rank-
ing leadership and the lower ranks of 
the enlisted men, are ignorant of les-
bian and gay issues. Before someone 
goes off into a whining fit about those 
dumb, evil military men,I'd like to set 
a few things straight 

Being engaged to an enlisted man 
in the Air Force, I've met and taJJced 

, with some of these people. Many of 
them fall into two categories: the 
middle-aged, who compose much of 
the higher ranks of commissioned 
and non-commissioned officers, and 
the new enlistees, stiD in their first 
four years. 

Of course these people are igno-
rant. They have, for the most part, 
never been to a place where such 
issues are aired, like a national politi-
cal convention or a modem college 
campus. They have mostly been in 
small towns and military bases, which 
are a lot like small tow.ns with· their 
own market, gas stations, and a total 
of three stoplights. The younger ones 
are fresh out of high school, and how 
many of us can honestly say we 
weren't ignorant then? 

I haven't talked much with the 
older generation, but I suspect that 
they display jusc as much iporance 
and homophobia 15 people their age 

in the private sector. As forthe younger 
set, if you talk to them privately, you 
fmd that among the truly homophobic, 
their homophobia is motivated by a 
fear of the unknown. To their knowl-
edge, they have never met a gay or 
lesbian. Maybe gays and lesbians 
should go and meet them, because 
I'm sure that with long-term exposure 
they would see that gays are nice 
people. But of course no self-righ-
teous gay activist would be caught 
dead on a military base. 

Military people are trapped by our 
stereotype of the homophobic mili-
tary. Because they think that evety-
one eise in the militaryis homophobic, 
even the ones that aren't will act as if 
they are. It is not just gay personnel 
who are affected; sympathetic sttaight 
personnel are trapped into contradict- . 
ing their views by the paradox this 
stereotype creates. 

Finally, I would like to point out 
that the military is not run like an 
office. People with new ideas do not 
rise to the top on their own intellectual 
merits. 

Promotions are based on sbIndard-
ized test scores and time in grade so 
that older, narrower thinkers get pr0-
moted first. Thus, change in the mili-
tary will always be slow in coming. 
Do not expect too much too fast be-
cause the military is not as easy to 
cqe as the rest of the world. 

Sarah BrUIiaDC 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
me GuMIIIIt ~ ... IIvm lIS INIIM. AI 
...... nut ,. /10 a..,- rtr.J ttww ,.., 1)pIIt, 

cIDI~n1 __ . MIt_ thetW!tlDedt 
for ~ MId~. SeIIII16 ifIIIrs ID: 

The CluIodIIl 
~EJIIrJr 

9500 GaIWI Dr. 0316 
....... CA~16 

Letter Was A Slur 
~thelrlsh 
Editor: 

In Darrel Menthe's letter to the 
editor "The Mistakes of Multi-
culturalism" (May 3), Menthe wrote 
that the Irish "seem determined to 
blow up London and wreck revenge 
on the British for not letting them 
massacre Irish ProtCSl8nts in Belfast.;' 
This racist comment is a slur on the 
Irish people. 

If the Irish truly felt this way, Sinn 
Fein, the political wing of the Irish 
Republican Anny (IRA), would be a 
ma,;or PutY in Ireland. Yet, Faanna 
Fail. rUle o.et and the LIbour PIny 

have dominated Irish Politics since 
the end of World War IL These par-
ties do not suppon the terrorism of the 
IRA. The fact is that the IRA is com-
prised of a relatively few people who 
do not represent the interests of most 
Irish. 

Recently, peace rallies were held 
to protest the wave of bombings and 
murder of an innocent child in En-
gland by the IRA. There were Irish, as 
well as British, people present at these 
rallies. If the Irish were the violent, 
vengeful people Menthe makes them 
out to be, they would not have come 
out to these peace rallies. 

The violence in Northern Ireland 
is hardly one-sided. If Menthe knew 
what he was talking about, he would 
know that the current violence in Ul-
ster began in 1968 when Catholic 
civil rights protestors were attacked 
by Irish Protestants. Funhennore, he 
would know that Protestant terrorist 
groups like the Ulster Defense Fund 
have been terrorizing innocent Irish 
Catholics in Ulster for years. Where is 
Menthe's outrage at these terrorists? 

Before Menthe again makes such 
unfair generalizations in the future, 
he should study the situation in North-
em Ireland. He would fmd that the 
v'iolence resulting from the situation 
there is hardly onwided, and that the 
IRA does not represent the interesrs 
0( mo&t Irish. 

Let People Make 
lheIr Own ChoIc •• 
Editor: 

As a pro-choice, liberal Demo-
crat, r ardently support the right of 
women to reproductive choice. Noth-
ing scares me more than the scare 
tacticsofthereligious right who bomb 
abortion clinics and taunt women for 
making an educated ·choice. How-
ever, I am just as fearful of ignorant 
people who have used their majority 
power to control minority power. I 
am speaking specifically of those 
people who have ridiculed the Guard-
ian for its solicitation of the anti-
abonion inselt. 

The basis of our society is the 
freedom of expression and especially 
the right to free speech. It is from this 
basis that Americans are allowed to 
make an educated choice. Just be-
cause the majority ofUCSO students 
are pro-choice does not mean we have 
the right to control what we read in 
our campus paper. 

I was appalled by the insert, but it 
only served to strengthen my beliefs 
in the righttochoose and in the fanad-
cism of the religious right. I appeal to 
those who are upsec by the insen to 
not be so ignorant Realize that peopJe 
can only make educated decisions 
when they are ,iven the choice to 
make Ihose decisions. 

CIIarIeI Ie. M.uae, Jr. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17, 1993 

DEFENSE: 

UCLA Summer Sessions 
registration is as easy as 

Every department has 
its share of flaws 
ContInued from .... 4 
most other fields of academic study. 
It's the rule, not the hideous aberra-
tion. 

Certainly. the Comm Department 
often spends more time debating eso-
teric theories than is healthy for the 
human mind, rather than focusing on 
practical applications for Communi-
cation knowledge. Theory certainly 
has its place in the academic world, 
but human beingscanonly hear words 
like "encoding," "hegemony" and 
"schema" so lIWIy times before they 
begin to nod off. In this sense, dis-
cussing theory is a lot like listening to 
an old Peter Frampton album - it's 
okay in moderation, but after awhile, 
you'll be clawing away at your ear-
drums to stop the pain. 

1993 Session Dates 
A Session June 28 ... 
B Session July 19 ... 
C Session August 9 ... 

August 6 
August 27 
September 1 7 

• Easy registration - VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover 

• No formal admission to the University required - open enrollment 

• Over 500 courses available at reasonable rates 

• Registration fee $225 + Course fee $75 - $110 per unit 

For a free catalog call (310) 825-8355 or write to: 
UCLA Summer Sessions 

405 Hilgard Avenue 
~osAngeles, CA 90024-1418 

Repairs 

100/0 OFF 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
IIOIII'DA \,..I Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 5. Check and replenish all flu id 
and oil levels 

9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
. Extra for fuel-injected. Our majo(tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression test 
2. Valve adjustment 11. Adjust timing 20. Lube lront end 28. Check and recharge 
Replace; 12. Adlust dwell angle 21 . Check & replenish all batteries. if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. Adjust carburetor fluid & oil levels 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. . 14. Adiust air & fuel ratio 22. Check electrical system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points. mixture 23. Check for lqose & lost 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steering box bolts 32. Check all holders 
7. Air filter. 16. Adlust clulch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling syslem & 
8. Oil filter. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas hlter. and 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check hghts . 34 . Check exhaust syslem 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarnage 35. Road test 

belts for damages 
NOle: lor 6-cyllncler cars add $20. Toyota Supra,. add $30. Dal,un 200SX Wllh 8 sparl< plugs. aad $35. 

Complete $169* Brak~ Job $39* 
Clutch Job SpeCial Frontfrr~:; ' $80) 

We replace: . 1. lnstalt special new pads Brake job includes: 
1. Transmission input shaft 4. Throwout beaflng or install rear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain old brake fluid 6. AdiuSI fron! (il drums) 
.. I I and rear shoes 2 . Pressure plate 6. New transmiSSion 01 3. Inspec1 .comp ete 7. Replace front rotor 

3. Clutch disc 7. Road lest hydrauhc system . seals (if rotor. turn) 4. Rehll hydraulIC lIuid 
NOI.: Hydraulic parts ar. nol covered. NOllor 4WD. Front wheel 5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road test 
drive elrtra. Note: HydrauliC pans ara not induded, 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mlle limited warranty. 

'most c.... All prices Include parts and labor. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695-1990 

\Wllllilld. ExpINt sm ... 
Cal to< appoinln-t. 

In •• r1 ~, '<1 r( "I r n. j d,11 '.1( Cl,l, r r \J I)' '~r II '1 fl!'Tl Open Saturday 

But that can be said of most aca-
demic disciplines. You can take typi-
cal complaints about Communication 
- its obsession with theory, its pas-
sive students and its tendency to be 
thrown into fits of over-analysis at the 
slightest provocation - and apply 
themto whateverdepanment you want 
to denigrate_ 

Do the professors salivate at the 
thought of analyzing an obscure piece 
of Marxist twaddle? Certainly, some 
do. but others do not, just like in other 
departments. Are Comm students 
prone to accepting whatever drivel 
the professor spouts off as the gospel 
truth? 1lae are a few, but the same 
can be said ofPoliticaJ Science, Soci-
ology or Literature. Comm majors 
are really no different from other col-

It' • .., to treat 
CoI ••• 1IIIIIcatIon _ .. 
... ..,.1Iy bla ....... on 
UCSD'.1vory tow •• 
But MV6i lIaal •• a, . 
nu:Ia of the altlclwn 
that atta.:ks -rtI*C 
... eveqtlahC to do 
wltlaCommIs 
... wtaator ....... 
lege students - a majority are able to 
recognize the difference between a 
well-based theory and some quack's 
academic gibber. 

In essence then, every department 
has its fair share of pluses and mi-
nuses, its valuable contributions and 
its worthless dreck. Communication 
is no exception. Instead, the depart-
ment is just a small part of the larger 
academic picture. If you want to as-
sail modem day education as a whole, 
then you might have an argwnent. 
But the truth is Communication is by 
no means the lone gunman respon-
sible for the destruction of everything 
traditional academia holds near and 
dear. 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESVLTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! CAll TODAY FOR AffOII)ABlE QUALITY CAlf 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at t-5 and La JoUa viUage Drive 

Let Our Personal Attention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

Thl.! Prin~elon Hc\' icw kmlWS tlmt 
sm:11I clOI<\"C" arc eS'icnl i,,1 in onJcr 
to ge l n hi gher ~core Oil yuur 
f.f:tdualc school exam. 
That' .. why uur e lass("s range frum 
12 10 15 ~ludenlS find tire gmupcd 
by ~harcd MrclIglhs and 
weakneslles. tf you need exira 
help. your inslructor will work 
wilh you- in.person- until you fully 
unde rSland lilt: malcr i.-tl . 

Our ~lI1all c la~fte~ produce big 
rc"uit s. Con~i der our 3vcr:lge Itcorc 
inlprnvcl1lcnl lt. 

LSA T - 10 poinls 
OMAT - 85 poi ".., 
ORE - 2 15 points 
MeAT - 3 poin15 

T." prep wilh a pernonalluuch and 
guaranleed resul(.,; that's The 
Princelon Review . 

THE ~ PRINCETON ~ 
REVIEW _ 

.,.s,.", ..... 

619-558-0500 

Monday, May 17. 1993 

CARNIVAL: 
Students protest budget 
cuts with booths, signs 
ContInued from page 1 
not cultivating California's most 
valuable resource - youthful 
minds," Bowling said. . 

The UCSD College Democrats 
also set up a booth to focus student 
attention on next year's gubernato-
rial race. The club hopes that educa-
tion will be the deciding factor in 
next year's race. 

"We want to make highereduca-
tion the number-one issue," said 
College Democrats President and 
Muir junior Fred Rogers. 

"The fee increases are not [be-
cause of] a lack of money but a 
political problem," added former 
College Democrats President Darrel 
Menthe. 

Representatives from the Stu-
denrFinancialServicesofficepassed 
out pamphlets entitled, "Financing 
YourCollegeEducation,"published 
by the UC Office of the President. 

According to Assistant Director 
ofStudenr Financial Services Maura 
Robbins, the pamphlets are designed 
to show prospective and continuing 
students who do not qualify forneed-
based aid that there are other re-
sources available to help pay for 
their college education. Financial 
Services estimates an 18 percent 
increase in the number of students 
applying for aid next year. 

"Some fonn of aid should be 
avai lable to all students," Robbins 
said. 

During a speech at the gathering, 
History Department Chair Michael 
Bernstein explained how the cur-
rent faculty and professors are suf-
fering from the budget cuts as well. 

According to Bernstein, many 
departments have no money to hire 
visiting faculty, which limits the 
number of courses the department 
can offer, increases class size and 
hurts academic quality. He added 
that the problem is exacerbated by 
the loss offaculty due (0 early retire-
ment programs. 

"Faculty members in the peak of 
their career wiJIleave and go else-
where ," Bernstein said. 

UCSD's Education Crisis Car-
nival is part of a series of activities 
formulated by all UC campuses in 
response to the system-wide budget 
cuts. 

The UCSD Guardian 

FtIdIIy, ..., 7: 
9:00 a.m.: Officer reported vandalism to the University Center Storage 
Center on Revelle Access ROad. 
......"...,8: 
9:40am.:A4&year-illdmalenon-affiliatewas<rnlstedforpublicdrunkeness 
in Lot 603. Transported to Central Detention Facility. 
__ ,...,10: 
12:00 p.m.: A female student reported a male masturbating near Solis Hall. 
12:25 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Motiv Rockridge 821 bicycle 
from the Matthews Apartments. Loss: $200. 
5:15 p.m.: A student reported vandalism to Challenger Hall. Loss $250. 
''''''''',...,11: 11:05 a.m.: _A 47 -year-illd male non-affiliate was arrested for attempted 
auto burglary at the comer of La Jolla Village Drive and Torrey Pines ROad. 
Transported to County Jail. 
4:00 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of paper and computer 
equipment from Torrey Pines Center. Loss: $1.171.85. 
Wedneeday, May 12: 
10:30 a.m.: Staff reported the burglary of Applied Physics and Mathematics 
Room 8819. Loss: $1,550. 
12:00 p.m.: A 29-year-illd male non-affiliate was arrested for assault and 
intent to commit rape and battery at Hubbs Hall. Transported to County Jail. 
6:22 p.m.: A pedestrian was hit by a vehicle in Lot 207 and suffered head 
injuries. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 
'IhIndIIy, ..., 13: 
12:25 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1989 Chevrolet Camaro from 
Lot 356. Loss: $18,000. 
4:50 p.m.: A male jlNenile was knocked unconscious at Warren Reid while 
playing rugby. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 
5:00 p.m.: A male jlNenile suffered neck and spine injuries at Warren Reid 
while playing rugby. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramed-
ics. 

- Compled by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

University Centers 
SPACE ALLOCATION 
93/94 Academic Year 

The University Centers are ac;c;epting 
applic;atlons now_ 

ANY Student Organization may apply. 
Applications are now available at Student 
Inlormation (EDNA) in the Price Center or 

Student Center Services in the Student Center. 

Space Available in Price Center and Student Center 
• Modular space 
• Office space 
• Lockabfe file cabinets 

Deadline for completed application is 
Monday, May 17, 1993 at '!Pm. Return 

application to EDNA or Student Center Services. 

Call Aaron Goodman for any questions 
534-0723 

~UCSD 
ALCATRAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
••• to lock up your stull tritla us% 

Mu.1 p .... t .d for 
,liIa>UDI .... lneIl _ 

We'll take care of all your storage and· moving needs .•. 
-FREE use of moving truck 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
-EASY to use, EASY to move 
tAU TO RESERVE A STORAGE SPAtE NOW! 

AJ..(~ATIUZ SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate Mall, La Jolla, CA 92121 

452-1047 
•• 

.1 
.. 

1-5 ======I:i:=11 
~. 

NEWS 7 

We'll ship it all to and from school. We'lI pack it. 
crate it, carton it , and ship it anywhere in the world. 

CENTERS OF AMERICA 

8895 Towne Centre Dr., Suite 105 
in the Renaissance Town Cetltre, La Jolla 
Phone 457-1555 Fax 457-8686 

R o B E R T ., 

--
ctr. 

s 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27.5-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm We use and recommt1\d Keodall:i;l 

lubricants to our CUS10mer5. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs * with this coupon 

· Except motor nnd transmission overhaul. 
Not vulid with any other coupon. 

r----G RAN 0 0 PEN I N G !----. 
Costa o/erde tfJentistry 

'" :$2900 ~ EXAM, 
'" CLEANING a 

. / X-RAYS (bitewing) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
A We're open evenings and weekends! 
A Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
A Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
A Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
A 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
A Plenty of free parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Do. 

8650 ~neIH Ave., SuIte 312 
w. accept mOlt nuance pIcn and mcP a.cIt cordi 



8 CALENDAR 

~y thtouQll Friday 
• 8 lI.m.-4:3O p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m.) -
11Ie0ASlS ~.,...... provides 
assistance to ItUdenta whDH IIIItNe. 
lanCuaae Is not EfWIIIh IfId to those 
doln& work In Jllpanese, German, 
Spanllh, French and VIetnemeIe. A 
cIIaCnc*lc test on written E,.lsh Is 
available on request. Cell 534-2284 for 
Info. (weeI<Iy) 
• 8 :30 lI .m.· 4:30 p.m. - 11Ie __ 
....... W ...... W ........ provides 
free IndMdUIII and IIOUP confeMt ICeS to 
IllSist students with wrttIrc projects. 
SWW lllso offer)s free won! processIrc 
fllCilities lind computereulstllllCe. Stop 
by York HIIII.4070orcell534-7344 to 
schedule lin appointment. 
• 8:30 am.-4:3O p.m. - Let OASIS 
Study MIMgeIMI1t Center help you 
thlsquarterwllhllmemanagement.note 
taking and editing. textbook analysis, 
memory, flexible/speed reading , 
vocabulary development and GREI 
LSATIMCAT verbal comprehension. 
Stop by York Hall 4010 or caN 534·7344 
to set up a personal appointment. Also, 
stay on the lookout for those valuable 
OASIS Study Skills Workshop and the 
GRE Weekend Specials. (W66k/y) 
• 8 a.m.·4:30 p.m. - The OASIS 
Writing Center is a free service for all 
UCSD students. We oHer one to one 
writing conferences for any type of writing 
project - academic papers, personal 
statements, ellen stories and poems. 
Our staH qitrained undergraduates, who 
come from a lIariety of academic 
disciplines, can help you become a more 
eHective writer. Call 534-2284 to make 
an appointment or drop by our oHice in 
theold Student Center, Building A, Room 
2t4. (week/y) 

Latures 
Friday, May 21 

. 12 p.m. - "Women and the Islamic 
Movement In Indonesia" - The 
Program in Religious Studies presents 
a seminar by Suzanne Brennar of the 
Department of Anthropology. H&SS 
4025. 

Servi~ & Womhops 
Monday-Friday 

. 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer. 
based program of career information 
designed to help you clarify your skills, 
values and interest. For more informa-
tion, come to the Career Services Cen-
ter. $10. (weekly) 
• 1 :30-4 p.m. - DROp·IN ADVISING 
HOURS - For help with career goals, 
job hunting, resume preparation or 
exploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment 
needed, just walk in to the Career 
Services Center. (weekly) 
• MENTOR - Graduating this quarter 
and job·seeking? We'll match you with a 
professional In your field who will get 
you started networking in the local job 
market. Sign up at Career Services. 
(weelcly) 

Monday, May 17 
.3·4:30 p.m. - Attention all EAP/OAP 
students going abroad in 1993·94 yearl 
If you are getting a financial aid don't 
miss the Anenc:lal AId Info. Session at 
the International Center Lounge. 
Financial Aid oHieer will be there to 
answer all your questions. Sponsored 
by Programs Abroad OffIce. 

Wednesday, May 19 
• 2:30 p.m. - Employment and 
Disability: What You Need to Know 
- Panelists will discuss job search 
strategies and other pertinent 
information concerning employment. 
Career Services multl-purpose room. 
Free. 
• 4-6 p.m. - All EAP/OAP students 
heading off to SpaIn next year, and all 
returnees, and reciprocity students from 
SpaIn, don't milS out on mandatory 
SpIIln Orientation Meeting al the 
Intematlonal Center lounge. Sponsored 
by Programs Abroad ortIce. 

Thursday, "'.y, 20 
• ,0:30 a.m. - an-c.m.r.lntervlew-
Ing Skll. for EmpIoymInt - Using 
video, Improve your technique through 
practice and valuable feedback. Pr. 
requisite: Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Sign up al Career ServIces Reference 
Room. Free. 
• 4·6 p .m. - EAP/OAP France 
Orientation at the Intemational Center 
Lounge. All EAP/OAP students going 
abroad to France next year must attend 
this mandatory meeting. All France EAPI 
OAP returnees and reciprocity students 
are more than welcome I Sponsored by 
Programs Abroad OffIce. 

Friday, May 21 
• '0a.m.- JobS.rch 101 - 80%of 
all job vacancies are unadvertised. This 
workshop will teach you the most 
effective way 10 find them. Career 
Services Center. Free. 

.12 p.m. - Appllc.tlon B_les-An 
advIaor wi. discuss critical aspecI8 of 
the application process. CareerServices 
Cent .... Free. 
.2-4 p.D'!. - Dt.gnoalng Your H"1th 
CerMr - Find out how various health 
CIIIHIS match your Interests and aldUs. 
Job outlooks. salaries, and more 
IntannaIIon preeented. Career ServIces. 
Free. 

~ 
W .. 

t.forrfMy-Frlday 
• 9 a.m.-5 p.m. - Women'a Re-
aource Centw Peer Cou.,..lIng -
Feel like noone understands? Women 
counselorstralnedby Psych. Services 
available to help with crises or give 
support and relerrals lor your needs. 
Conlldentlal, safe space. Walk In or by 
appointment. Located In the old Stu· 
dent Center Bldg . A. 534·2023. 
(weekly) 

Monday, May 17 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Women of the Afric.n 
Dlaapora-Leader: Equilla Luke. 2025 
HSS. No fee. 

Tuesday, May 18 
.10 a.m.·12 p.m. - Undergraduate 
Growth Group - Open for women. 
Leaders: Lindsay Calderon and Beverly 
McCreary. 1003 GH. Call Lindsay at 
534·3755. 
.2·3 p.m. - Lesbian/gay/bisexual 
peer counseling wl1h Sieve. Do you 
have a question about your sexuality? 
Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Drop in & let's talk. Located 
in the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & Library Lounge in Price 
Cntr.) Call 534-3987 for details. 
(weekly) 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Graduate Gay and 
Bisexual Men's Support Group -
Lower level conI. room, Student Center 
Bldg. B. No fee. 
• 7·8:30 p.m. - Where Was God? 
Spiritual Issues In Recovery From 
Sexual Abuse - Participants: Rabbi 
Moss, Fr. Witt, Mrs. Seberino, Ms. 
losupovlci. Catholic Lounge, Universily 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Dr. 

Wednesday, May 19 
• 2·3 p.m. - Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual 
Peer Counseling with David. Do you 
have questions about your sexuality? 
Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Our office is localed in the 
Price Center next to Mac's Place & 
Library Lounge. Call 534·3987 for 
delails. (weekly) 
• 3·4:30 p.m. - Chlc.no, latino, 
Multicultural Group-Revelle College 
Provo Bldg., Leader: Dan Munoz. No 
fee. (week/y) 
• 5·6:30 p.m. - Lesbian. Bisexual 
Women'a Support Group - A 
confidential drop·in group with a 
supportive environment to discuss 
issues of sexuality. LedbyChell. Student 
Center Bldg. B lower level conf. room. 
Call 534·3987 for details. No fee. 
(wee/ely) 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Gay and BI .. xual 
Man'. Support Group - We're a safe 
and confidentlal group for people to 
discuss their concerns about their 
sexuailly led by David and Steve. 
Student CenterB, iowerlevel conf. room. 
Call 534·3987 for details. No lee. 
(W66/e1y) 

Thursday, May 20 
• t - 2 p .m . - Le.blan Oay 
BI.exual Peer Counseling with 
Chell . 00 you have questions about 
your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? 
Call 534·3987 to set up an 
appointment. (week/y) 
• 5:30-7 p.m. - Common Oround-
A support group for friends and families 
of lesbians. gays and bisexuals. Lower 
level conference room., Student Center 
Bldg. B. 

The UCSD Guardian 

FridlJy, May 21 
• 11·11:50 a.m. - Mind-Bod, 
Connactlona- Leader: Beverly HIIju. 
412 MMC. No f ... 
.11:30am.·l p.m.-8u(Iport0ftq)1Dr 
ChIMIa Won.-. - ~: ~ 
Md::nIaIyrd ... PIrr. l000GH.no .... 
• 12:30·2 p.m. - Pan·A.'an 
Community Forum - MountaIn VIew 
Lounge. Leaders: Jeanne Manasa and 
AlvIn AIYaraz. Drap-In. No lee. (WMIdy) 
• 1·2:30 p .m. - Overcoming 
CompuIIIve E8tIng - Call lor slgn-up. 
HSS 2148. No fee. 534-3585. 
.2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and 6ubItance 
AbuM Group - Revelle CoIege Prov. 
Bldg., no lee. 
.4-6 p.m.-campua Black Forum-
Mountain VIew Lounge. Leader: Phil 
Raphael. No tee. (weekly) 

HmIdl&Fi_ 
Monday·Friday 

.9 a.m.·12 p.m. - Put yourself to the 
test - the fitness test. A friendly Student 
Health Advocate will check your 
cardlov.acul.r fltnes., mu.cular 
strength .nd endur.nce, and 
flexibility all for FREE in FITSTOP. 
Come by second floor Student Health to 
make an appointment. (weekly) 

Monday· Thursday 
• (2p.m., Mon; 10a.m. & t p.m., Tues.; 
11 a.m. & 1p.m. , Wed.;10a.m.& Ip.m., 
Thurs.) - Get your FREE condom at a 
Women'. sexual Health Info Seuron 
and learn about birth control, STO 
prevention and pelvic exams. 2nd floor, 
Student Health Center. 

Oum & Meetings 
Monday, May 17 

• 5 p.m. - Student Environmental 
Action Coalition Meeting - Get 
involved In Earth Day, recycling, an 
environmental newspaper and much 
more. Office 208 Student Center, directly 
above Soft Reserves. Everyone is 
welcome! (weekly) 

Illustration by Adriano Munoz 

• 7 p.m. - CIIda K .... ,IIIIIIui .. -
Corrmnty ..vice QgII idIb I l'1l88I8 In 

OIIIryB,~.CoinIjcWIUL~) 
.7p.m. -LOBA Bualnaea ..... lng. 
- Oat Involved with LGBA·you'li make 
IrIendii and have • great time helping 
out. Make • your bullnllsal Meetings 
.. at the WAC. (WHIdy) 
.ap.m.-TrIIono.nceTeemTryout 
WorbhopI Rec.ConI.Rm.wlcover 
matarlal for audition Saturday, M.y 
22nd. 12-3 p.m., North Balcony. 

Tuesdsy, M.y 18 
• 12 p.m. - AA MeetIng - New 
location: Muir BIology BuIldIng. room 
1208. (weekly) 
• 3·4 p.m. - Adult Children of 
.l1coIIo11ca (.lCA) - 12-atap group 
meeling.Purpoeeofgrouplatoweloome 
and give comfort to chIIcIren of alcoholics. 
Free,anonymousandoonfidelitlal.PrIce 
Clll'ller Admin. 2nd ftoor· above Food 
Court. Irvine Room. Everyone welcome. 

753·2106.(~ 
• 5 p.m. - Biweekly meeting of CCM 
panel of Post Doc Grad students at MTF 
275. Chlcanosl Latinos for creative 
medicine. (W66/e1y) 
.9 p.m. - Triton Dance Teem Tryout 
WorkIhopI- Rae. Conf. Rm. will CCNer 
material lor audition Saturday, May 
22nd, 12·3 p.m., North Balcony. 

Wednesday, May 19 
.1·3 p.m. - Faculty, Student, Staff 
Interaction meets for lunch to informally 
discuss on topics of today . All students 
and faculty are welcome to join. For 
more info: Chris 558·2103. (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter 
Advisory Board needs people like you. 
Weekly meetings are at the Revelie 
Provost's office.(weelcly) 
• 4-6 p.m. - Student Afftrmatlve 
Acllon Committee Meeting. Santa 
Barbara/Los Angeles room, Price 
Center. All welcome. (week/y) 
• 4 p.m. - Third College 
Transfer+Re-Entry Students (TRES) 
Meeting -Discuss problems, solutions, 
questions and answers about being a 
transfer or re·entry student. (week/y) 
. 5 p.m. - SATCH - AU interested in 
community health welcome. Berkeley 
Room. Free. 
• 5 p.m. - Would you like to make 
newfrlands while performing service 
for your school and community? 
Come join us and find out about Alpha 
Phi Omega, UCSO's only co·ed National 
Service Fraternity. WLH 2114. (week/y) 
• 6:30 p.m. - Wilderness Club -
Interested In hiking, mountain biking 
and other outdoor activities? Join us on 
the second ftoor patio of the student 
center, above KSOT. (week/y) 
.7 p.m. - ASAP - Get Involved with 
Active Students for AIDS Prevention. 
Political activism, lIolunleerism. Help 
prevent the spread of AIDS! Price 
Center. (W66lc1y) 
.7 p.m. - Germlnal- Meets to see 
and dscuss current videos and audio 
tapes on social and political Issues, 
documentaries and fllms, some of which 
are rarely seen anywhere because 01 
media censorship. CM Cale. (W66k1y) 

Thursday, May 20 
• 5 p.m. - Warren COmmut .... In 
ActIon - Get to know what's going on . 
at yow collage. Meetings In the Warren 
shuttle stop. (wee/cIy) 
.8:30 p.m. - TrIton o.nce Team 
Tryout Workshops - Rec. ConI. Rm. 
will cover material for audition Saturday. 
May 22nd, 12·3 p.m., North Balcony. 

Friday, May 2' 
• 7:3Q-10 a.m.-Coma to the Ravelle 
Convnutar Breeldut at the Revelle 
Commuter Lounge. AI you can eat for 
hall a buck. (weekly) 
• 8·10 a.m. - Warren Commuter 
Breakfllt. Meet felow students and fill 
up before c:IaIa. LI. Bldg. 2nd ftoor 
conference room. AI you can eatl Only 
5Oe. (weekly) 
• 10:30 am. - Join Third College 
ComrnutIrBoard and help plan ewnta. 
Meeting. at third College Dean's 
00AIeran0e room. (WHkM 

Monday, May 17, 1993 

.,2 p.m. - AA .... tIng - Student 
Center A, room 113. Large conference 
room. (weeIdy) 
• 2:30 p.m. - Native American 
StuclantAi11ance (NASA) meetaweekly 
on Fridays at Ihe Grove. Come and get 
involvedl (weekly) 

Ev_ & 1Immti. 
. Monday·Saturday 

• to a.m.·5 p.m. - Grove Gallery 
pr .. enta uV.rdlct L.A. - Recent 
Serigraphs from Self H~ Graphlcs·-
Prtnta which addreea Issues surrounding 
the evenll following last year's Rodney 
King verdict. and reftect Ille in the City of 
the Angels as seen through the eyes of 
the artists. Open Saturday (10 a.m.·2 
p.m.) through June 13. 

Monday· Thursday 
• 9 p.m. -2 a.m. - Late night coffee 
hou ... "Cale Diana at the Che." Good 
music, variety 01 yummy baked goods. 
Specialty coffees and teas. Open 
microphone ... (weekly) 

TuBSday·Sunday 
• 12-5 p.m. - M8ndavllle Gallery 
Prnenla Selected Works of Conrad 
Atkinson - Acknowledged as one of 
Britain's most important artists, Conrad 
Atkinson has incorporated his concerns 
about popular culture and Ihe politiCS of 
the day into the art he has created for 
the past 20 years. Works on display In 
Mandeville Gallery through June 13. 

Monday, May t 7 
.4p.m.-OpenMlkel-AttheGrove 
CaHe. All musicians welcome! Usteners 
welcome, too. (week/y) 

Wednesday, May 19 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the Hump-
Come out and eat lunch wi1h LGBA. 
Bring your own food. (weekly) 
.5p.m.-GroveGlgsproudlypresents 
'Puddletown Tom" forthlsweek'sshow. 
Thegig is free, so come enjoy the music. 

Thursday, May 20 
.6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday 
night supper for $2. Sponsored by the 
UCSO Catholic Community. Come to 
the University Lutheran Church. (wee/cly) 
. 9 p.m.·2 a.m. - All Greek Party at 
5W Restaurant. Door prices: $3 Greeks, 
$5 non·Greeks. Tickets on sale Mon· 
Thurs. at Price Center Plaza. Buy your 
tickets early, limited space. Sponsored 
by I.F.G., Panhelenic, and Adrenaline. 
21 and over only. 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry Night at Gafe 
Diana at the CM Cafe. Bring your own 
poetry, listen to others or do both . 
(weekly) 

Friday, May 21 
.8a.m.·l0a.m.- The Warren Collegl 
Commuter Breakfast has moved to 
Fridays! Join us and pig out belore dass. 
Uterature Building, 2nd floor conference 
room. All you can eat, only~. (weelcJy) 

Saturday, May 22 
• 12·3 p.m. - Triton Danee TIM! 
SprIng Tryouts- North Balcony, Main 
Gym. 

Sunday, May 23 
• 12·2p.m.-RedIoC8In,a-Weekly 
program lor Raza. lntervlewsand musica 
picosa! (wee/ely) 
• 3 p.m. - Two fr.. tours of the 
UCSD campus are oHered this spring 
by the UCSD VIsItors Program. The bus 
tours are the first and third Sundays of 
each month from the GIlman Information 
Pavilion. The walking tours are on 
ahemate Sundays from the Gilman 
Information Pavilion . Reservations: call 
534-4414. (weeIcty) 

Religi_ Smitm 
WectJesday, May 19 

.6p.m. -SupparlaaerYedto studenIs 
by friends of the Lutheran Campus 
Ministry. Everyone welcome. At the 
University Lutheran Church (acroaa from 
Revelle Collage) . 
.7 p.m. - ............ GoapII--
BIlla atudytopic led by eaq,u. Pastor 
John Huber. Open to all. UnIverIIty 
Lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
Collage). 
.8 p.m. - "What Ale Our Reaourcaa 
fgr 8plrltual1urvIYIII? - P.....ad 
by Campus Plltor John Huber. All are 
weIcxIme. University Lutheran Churdl 
(aaoss from Revelle College) . 

Friday, AMy 2' 
• 12 p.m. - IIIam1C friday Prayer In 
the Price cant .... For Inlo. call Yu8UI1I 

~1. (weekly) 
s.tIntIIy, AMy 22 

.8 p.m. - S.n Diego Choral Club 
Concen - $4 admlulon support. 
the church'. pipe organ renovation. 
All are wllcome. Univer.ity 
Lutheran Church (acro •• from 
Revelle College). 

Sunt»r, "'.y 23 
.10:15 a.m. - CIIIcIIgo Folk ServIce. 
University Lutheran Church (across the 
street from Revelle College). Open to 
an . 
.6 p.m. - Navigator'. semi-formal 
banquet at Skyline Church . Call 
Cryat.1 (625-0495) lor tickets and 
directions. 

Monday, May 17 1993 

Seat !leis S8\/e lilies. 0001 drink and drive. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ow your 
~arentsyou 

i n'tsleep 
through Econ. 
IntroClucing 

the 
ra uate 

Finance Plan. 

Okay, so maybe you did nod off once or twice. But, hey, that an accredited two or four year school, you're eligible. 
doesn't mean you can't redeem yourself. Just make up your mind between our new Jetta",. the first 

Take our College Graduate Finance Plan: for instance. It lets affordable Gennan road car. 
you finance a car even if you have no established credit. Or the new GoIf,II' The best selling car in the world. And both 

And It gives you three or four different payment schedules to are now available at special lease rates. 
c ........... See,...r """" .. forfu" .... i~. Even .,...were .. ckIog ... a ... r.durlogclasa, mom ~~~ If you're about to graduate or have recently graduated from and dad will be none the wiser. ·~illeredbyVfVCrdl, ~. The most loved cars in the wortd. ~ • ~ 
CARLSBAD ELCAJON ENCNTAS ESCONDIDO NATIONAL CITY POWAY SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO 
Boblllker Eat County tterm.n Cook MurTIy South Illy PowIy Clty'l Million Comes . . Metro 
VoillWIgeII VoIkAdgen ~ VoIbwIIgen YoIkswIIgen Yobngen Illy Voruw.g.n Moton VoIbwagen 

5500~ .. Welt 1435 EncInItIs 1 eoo Auto' P8I1I 3131 fUtIonaI 13C155 PowIy 2205Morww 11010 MirImar t 954 Kettner 
Del Norte Main Street BouIIvInI W_SouIh CltyBtvd, Road IIouIevn Road IIouIeYIrd 
(818) 438-2200 (818)422·0811 (818) 753·8256 (818) 745·8841 (818) 338·4020 (818) 486·0720 (818)278·8171 (818) 578-8800 (818) 234·3881 

Need a Job? 
Paid positions are available at the UCSD Guardian. 

Applications dqe tomorrow. 

"'1993 Volkswagen 

The Guardian is now accepting applications for editorial positions forthe '93-'94 academic year. Positions open THE UCSD 
are: Managing, Copy, News, Associate News (2), Opinion, Sports, Associate Sports, Hiatus, Graphics, Associate 
Graphics, Photo, Associate Photo and Design. Submit a resume, cover letter and ~lips to the Guardian office, GUARDIAN 
second floor of the old Student Center above the General Store. Call 534-6580 for more information. 

9 



10 Monday, May 17, 1993 

.... 
The ooIque terms used for 

~ a IOU1d of golf 

---=A 
score of 
tw<H.Inder 
paron a 
particular 
hole. All 
eagle on a 

par three is known as an 
ace. Also a hole-in-one, or 
ace, on par threes. 

...... A 
birdie is a 
score of 
ol'MHJnder 
par for the 
hole: 

Pr. 
C0nsid-
ered the 
standard 
number of 
strokes 
needed to 

complete the hole. Holes 
are par ttvee, tot. or fNe . 

'IIIe CIID 

-..,.: 
A bogey is 
a score of 
one-over 
par at a 
particular 
hole. 

There are fou- types of dlbs, 
each used for a psticular 
type of st-d. ~ on 
dIstn:e and lle. 

..... 
Used to 
drive the 
ball from 
the tee onto 
the fairway. 

...... Nine different 
irons are used to drive 
the ball from the 
faIIway to the green. 

/"~"'" 
, IIII"""~,~, "'l"~H'f"""~ 

...... W-...:Used S 
to hit the ball out of I 
sand traps and roughs. • 

1','. 

e . ., 
...... PIItt8r: Once \1· 
on the green, the \ 
putter is used to hit 
the ball into the hole. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Spectators' Guide to ... 

UCSD Iwsts the NCM Division III National Golf Champiomhips this week, 
the largest athletic event ever at UCSD. Twenty-two teams from around the 
country will descend on the Torrey Pines South Course beginning today 

Story by Grea Wrenn, Sports Editor 
Graphics by R .... Bruckner, Associate Graphics Editor; Roger Kuo, Graphics Editor 

s the biggest athletic event 
UCSDhaseverhosted, Tri-
ton golf Head Coach Mike 
Wydra was busy all day 
Sunday putting fmishing 
touches on this week's 
NCAA Division ill Na-
tional Championships at 
Torrey Pines. Despite the 
hectic preparation, Wydra 
has never lost sight of what 
he, as a good host, is aim-
ing for: a win. 

The third-ranked Tri-
tons will be battling it out for the national 
crown this week with 22 other teams. De-
spite the home-course advantage, UCSD 
will have to try and knock off three-time 
defending champion Methodist. 

The top-ranked Monarchs have to be 
considered the favorites to take the title, but 
as Wydra said, " I think that some other 
teams will be in contention on the last day, 
and [think we'll be one of them." 

One of the reasons for Wydra 's confi-
dence is the rigorous schedule the Tritons 
have played this year. 

The United States Golf Association 
(USGA) uses a ratings system called "slope" 
to detennine how difficult a course is. A 
11 0 rating is considered an easy course, 
while PGA West. one of the most difficult 

courses to be found anywhere, is a 145. The 
Torrey Pines slope is a 136, making it a 
dimcult course no matter how many times 
a team has played it. 

Wydra has been planning for this event 
all year, however, and has had his team 
playing courses this season with an average 
slope of 133. "I wanted the boys to play the 
toughest, nastiest courses around so that 
there would be no surprises. There's not a 
team in the country that has played a sched-
ule that difficult," he said. 

The coach believes that a score of 1 ,200 
over the four-day tournament will be what 
it takes to win the championship. "There 
may be a couple of teams that can shoot thaI 
low, but I'd be very surprised if six or seven 
could average 300 a day," Wydra said. 

The top four teams in the country, in-
cluding Methodist and UCSD. will be tee-
ing up when the tournament kicks offTues-
day morning. Shooting with the Tritons and 
Monarchs will be second-ranked Ohio 
Wesleyan and fourth-ranked SUNY-
Binghamton. 

In addition to the 22 teams, 10 golfers 
from teams that didn't make the tournament 
will compete for the individual crown. 

UCSD's team will be comprised of the 
top-ranked golfer in Division m. senior 
Jeremy Moe, in the number-one slot. Num-
ber two for the Tritons will be junior Dale 

Abraham, while sophomore Tom Brown is 
third. Another sophomore. Pete Roberts, 
will be playing number four and junior 
Brock Shafer completes the five. 

Methodist, who returns four of its five 
fromlastyear'schampionshi~ wiUbe led by 
junior David Jukes, who placed third indi-
vidually at last year's nationals. 

Also providing tough competition for 
UCSD will be second-ranked Ohio 
Wesleyan, which is trying to make a leap 
from 16th place in last year's tourney. The 
Bishops feature the North Coast Athletic 
Conference two-time Player of the Year, 
junior J.w. Wilson. 

Fourth ranked SUNY-Binghamton 
should also give the Tritons a run, as 
the Colonials look to imrpove on 
last year's seventh place show-
ing. 

Key holes for the 
teams include the 
wicked 11-12-13 
hole combination . 
the "amen comer." 
The centerpiece is the 
par-four 12th, which is 
"if not the most 
photgraphed, then the 
most feared hole at 
Torrey Pines," according 
to Wydra. 

SPORTS 10 

The NCAA TOUTIlament 
• Where: Torrey Pines South 
Course 
• When: 

Today: East vs. West matches, 
first tee, 8 :50 a.m. l~ Drive 
Contest, first tee, 5 p.m. 
Tuesday: Round one. Tee off from 
first and 10th tees, 7:3(}9:50 a.m. 
WecNecIIy: Round Two. Tee off 

Our Boys 

from first and 10th tees. 7:~:50 
a.m. 
11UIdIy: 1hid Round. Tee off from 
frst and 10th tees, 7:3(}9;50 am. 
FddIr. Anal Rwld. Tee oIffrom 
first and 10th tees, 7:30-9:50 am. 
fItNard Ceremony, first tee, 4 p.m. 

... 22 teams from r-K:,AA 
Division III 

The UCSD men's team will be sendi~ five pla,-ers to the tournament. He!e's a 
rundown of both the team and the golfers that will be ~ for the ~ . 

• UCSD: Its 15th consecutive 
appearance in the Championships, 
the Tritons finished third last year 
behind Methodist and Gustavus 
Adolphus. UCSD is the third-ranked 
team in the countrY and its best 
showings in the NCAA Champion-
ships were consecutive runner-up 
finishes in 1985, '86 and '87. 

• Jeremy Moe: Moe, the only 
Division III member on the upco~ 
ing NCAA USA-Japan matches, is 
the number-<>ne player for the 
Tritons, recording a 75.7 stroke 
average this year. ·When he's going 
good he can shoot the lights out, • 
Wydra said. 

• Dale AbnIhMa: Playing nurrber-
two for UCSD will be jU]lior Dale 
Abral\am, who 'Nydra calls the 
Tritons' best player at Torrey Pines. 
Abraham notched a 77 .0 stroke 
average for UCSD this year. 

• Tom Brown: Also a strong 
competitor at Torrey Pines, 
sophomore Tom Browp will be 
playing in the number·three slot for 
UCSD. "He played very well at 
Torrey so he knows how to play the 
course: 'Nydra said. Brown had a 
77.1 stroke average. 

1he otMr Guys 

Jason RitI:hie/ Guanl., 
Pete Roberts studies a putt. 
• Pete ....... In the fourth 
position will be another sophomore, 
Pete Roberts. "He'll be there in the 
end; he's a gutsy player," the coach 
said. Roberts ended the season with 
a 77.1 stroke average as well. 

• IIrock IIIIIfr. Junior Brock 
Shafer, UCSD's nurrber-flVe player, 
will depend on his booming drives to 
help him with Torrey Pines' distance. 
"He's a long driver that can just kill 
it,· 'Nydra said of Shafer, who is 
averaging a 77 ,2. 

The three teams - ranked first, second and fourth - that ~ure to give UCSD the 
most trouble this week. 

• Methodist The Monarchs are three-time 
defending National Champions, 
defeating th ird-place UCSD by 17 
strokes last year. Four of the fIVe 
golfers from last year's team retum, 
led by junior Dave Jukes who placed 
third ind ividually at last year's NCAA 
tournament. Jukes boasts a 76.8 
stroke average and is backed up by 
senior teammates Bill Anderson 
(76.0) and Eric Haile (79.5), and 
sophomores Ryan Jenkins (76.2) 
and Sammy Hudson (76.2). 

• Ohio W..ay .. The second-ranked Bishops, who 
finished 16th in last year's toumey, 
are led by two-time North Coast 
Athletic Conference Player of the 

Year J.W. Wilson, who finished the 
season with a 76.3 stroke average. 
Senior Matt Roth recorded a 76.0 
average, but the best mark on the 
team belonged to freshman TIm 
Ailes , who boasted a 75.8. Glen 
Eckland also owned a 76.0 average, 
while Keith Courter carries a 77.8 

• SUNY."""""", 
The fourth-ranked Colonials will trY to 
improve on last year's seventh-place 
finish . Senior Chris Siadish recorded 
a 75.2 stroke average, while his 
brother, senior Jake Siadish, notched 
a 76.8. Head Coach John Affleck's 
other three include junior Dave 
Andrews (76,5), and two freshmen, 
Chad Houseknecht (76.9) and TIm 
Rose (77.9). 

Hole by Hole Guide to Torrey Pines: UCSD Coach Milre Wydra offers words of wisdnm on the course. 
.. -., 

•
• /., 

; ~ :.~ ~., () 

.... 

.. 

\ 
\ 
•• .. 

$< 
~ .. 

.. 

.. ( 
~ 
.. 

1 Par fou-, 445 yards. The • ~ par.four open~ 
hole In DMsion III history. AiTI 
W"IIeft to start in the middle. 

,:.(f!Ia It . ~ .• 
• ·a) , 

.-

10 Par bx, 375 yards. .~hltonthe 
ween !tis rW1t 1rnrnedIaett. 

Hlielt of the hole or It's troltlIe. 

~ 

I) 

~ 

2 Parfour,350yards.Ashort • hole, not a tough par • 
hTywhere rW1t is fine but pins 
left are inac:cessi:lle. 

1;. 

$ 

"" .. 
., 

• ....,. 'W~lt ~ 
. ~~ 

~(~~ 
.. . .. , :./~' .. ' ;~ ... Jo. 

b> b> 
~~ 

~t>. .. ~ ~ ... 
~. 
~. ,. 

,. 1:». 

; 

I 

It; 

• 

3. Parthree,170yards. Not a tough hole but into the 
wind people tend to pull their 
clubs. 

""- Ij <!\o.l\o .' .l\o~ ~: 
~ - ' 

~ 

"" 

~ 
fb.~ ,. 

.. 

Ibo· ~IP" 
"$ , .. '~ ~ 

.l\o 
C!--"" ~ 
~ 
" ~ • $) -

"" .. ..... 

11 Parthree, 202 yards. If • it gets a little breezy, 
mc¥le a wood and I ~ threes 
where you have to hit furniture. 

12 ,Parfour,460yards.The • premiere hole. Uphill 
and into the wind, if you crush a 
dri\'e you can get near the bunker. 

$ 
,,~ 

II> 

.,~!t: < I)..;'t~~ 6>!~1' 
;:I'~ 

' .so" $ 
.~ 

b .~ b~ 
• Jo)'tf~ 

.. II> I>ittt 
.. I> 

·~tt 
t> 

.... ~ ~ 
<r",.. (! ~ ~t. e ~~i (!J 
e.;-gJ ~ 

.)b 
., 

$, 

1641' 

oI'~~~ 
i.' 

.. ~~ d 
I>b I ~ .. 

4. Par four, 443 yards. If you aim r1!tTt to keep it out of 
the deep rougtl, you're in the 
bunker or blocked by the trees. 

~ 
~""" ~" t> lbo ;~~ ~ ,:. -3 .s~~ . 

.. &~ ~ .~I:t ~ ~~~. $< ~~ 3~ &,:. 
~~~ "'~h ;). ~~ b-
.. h,:. 
'(;;? "" ~ ~~~~I 
.b- ~ ~ ~~ ~ ~.,.: b .). $-~ b ~.: b~ bb i£\ 
'\ZT ~. , 'Iol 

~ 
• 

-• t!-~f 
.. 

<'>o!-

$ "-
II'!' 

13. PartlYe, 535yards. Not a difficult drMng hole , 
but we'll be using an tee to the 
le1t that carries overthe canyon. 

""" 

of'I i\l~'- ~ ~~~~i ~ 
.~ 

(?f @ :> 
- ~ ~ ! 

5 Par four, 395 yards. Any-• thing left that's not in 
the bunker is okay, there's more 
room than you think. 

'I 

•• Ija ~ 
~ 
Craig 
Stadler 
Tree 

'I l:? 
,:. 

I"J '-I 
8 
Qt 
~ 1* 

14 Par four, 396 yards. • It's only 25 yards wide 
from the Stadler tree to the bun-
ker but 40 yards wide behind it. 

:$ ~~. -l~ -®. ~~l {'!J 
~ ~ <f,. J\, 

Il) """; Am'!». ..• ./) 
--

.$ 
<"!>-

~~ ~~ .aet1~ ~~rI .$ ~ .. ~. , ~ !l"(~ . 
~ 21 ~:~ I;§. ;r. 

A. ~~ ~~ "''!.. ~ ~' ~ . ~ 
~ "'C ~ .. ~ ~ 

? ~ ~ ~ 
N:~~ '-'. (!) 
~ ' '"~ 4 ' .. ~\ 

.. .. ~~ ~ {~Q~ 

. .. 'tI .:>~'$ ~ ~~~ ~ 'tS t~ ,~~ ~ tl crfJ ~ i~ .:> 

6 Par five, 537 yards. You • need to play the fIVes 
well.You can hit it right, but if you 
hit it in the canyon, you 're dead. 

$ 
1$ 

$ G 

er 
.'!\o 

15 Par four, 382 yards. • Not a deep green so if 
you hit short and then use too 
much club, its easy to hit it long. 

e1 
'e' 

~ 

I 6 
.~~ '\;;.- .. 
., .' 

7 Par four, 436 yards. The .pros averaged 4.54 at the 
Buick, the hardest hole on both 
days. 

tJ!~~~ 
a '-'. ~ :. 
~~ 
~~ e-.~1> 

~~ ~~<t­
\~ c)o 

~~ ~~ 
l~~ ~ ~ ~t.~ 

~~ 
~ 
~ ~ ~ l~ 

~~ 

~ 
~tt. 
... l' ~1! v 

3 

16 Par three, 195 yards. • There's fa irway but 
anything left will go in the can-
yon. 

• 
• 4l 

{!J (,. 
~ 

•• 
-3 

.;'\.' "I .. 
., 

f·
" 

. ~. 
,'; 

~ 
~ 
~ I22t~~~~ 11»1:1'\ . ~ ~ ~ . , .!'~ ~ :;$ ~- {~ . 
. . ~ t~'?b<Q t"(~ 

8 Par three, 166 yards. The • tendency is to have a long 
putt if you miss club and have 
trouble gettitl: on in two. 

~ 
$ . 
~~ ~\~ ~$~~ ~.£Iite. -(t, 
.... b '\.~ ~~~ 
~,.!t~ ~4~~ 

~~~ 
6- ~~ (~~(» 

~ ~ 
.... ~~ ~&oO> 

I!>'t~ ~~~<!-

-t 
~ 
~ 

~ 
-" .• 
'2s~ 
b.a ~b. 
: ~ 
~ 
, ~ 

~ 
17 Par four, 423 yards. • Some pros went to a 
three wood and a longer club in 
to keep it short and ~ 

~$ ~ 
~$~..a • . ~ , ... ~ ~ /,>; <> 

~ .~ 
'" ~ ~ l!»\' 

l!» .. ~ 
~ "" ~ 259t ~ '~"'~ a= ;3~ {1: ~ ~ ~ 

\t 
~ 

9 Par five, 525 yards. The • green is so sloped that 
a ball an inch ctx1w'e the pin 
won't stay ctx1w'e it. 

b' ~.~ 
~ 

<:':'~.> ,· t \, ~ - ~. ' ~ . . 
'" 

~~ 
S"'~ 

4!-

18 Par five, 498 yards. • Front Ie1t pin slopes 
into water but behind the ~ is 

actuaI~ the most dlfllcult pin. 



~ 
.Ii j ... ~ ~ E E . 

"S it 
1 e!GI~ . en 

.. oI~cdE E-o It€~~8~= Q:; ~ ~~-o~~~ ~ Q,) 
- ... ~ ~1I ~ o.l!!~ ~ 

'" o~~ 41 en ~ j ~i~i~~ . - . '" ~ I~ JIHdll t E hili ii r·~11 10 I <II r~~ :!' .8 '. ?o Q) I ~.~ ~= I ~i-:!~ Sl-H gfgJIj i; AI: ! ~Q: ~ a:.-I E9 i . GI '- -0"': Q.! "' ... -g ' -1"-~i • 8.£ 41 51 10 ~ - i E '" ·r·- ~ vi ~e;~ if .~/ij~~ .... C:: ~ ~ 41 .~ 41 0 ' - CI)"dO=> i~ "'0 Q)"5i ~ III <11 .2... . ~~<iiQ)~ _'" 0 g 1Ii§~t: ~~ .~ c ~ ~ .8 g ~ tx; §::li!5 ~.!!l ~1iiQ)';.~ c 0 5Q)!:J . 0 01"- :> .2 .!:: (/) '" c - Cl)Q)~~ ~ ~ ... ",~(/)~ 
U 

(/) E~e;~ ~i 'J ~ ~ 0.- :s 5 '~.r: 2 '0 55 .Et-: c = .2= 0 CI) IJ) CIli:gC!l -g<'>Q)&j 
- c ~IO~Q) '~§ . ~I-,...: :>. Q) 'tii-' ~ ' r-~ 565-g~",~:§(O ~ ~E~§ui"E !5~ ~oc*,I"-:l:-5 Q: '-' co ~ r- . ~ ~ ;~ o 'OIO CIl £;,<,> 90 ~'-CO (Q :a: • .8-0 41 ",-5 :>. . <Ii al "E 11 ~ .cQ)~ .... . - z~_ Ea.Q.'QD "':o J =H'allil ..... ..c IJ) c: I E~ Q) .S ~2 Q) ~~-~Ba: i-~~ IO-CIl ·-O::lQ)c~ ~oQ.'<::<,> " .111'~ I .-I .S '2 "8 (/) 0 -5 0 en Q)-ct cE >,U) IJ) <;::.c UO OM Ecn!r olllc. O..c ...... .s:::> Q,) i lii; f~ :!:! ~ (/J 4) ~ ~ .5 ~ c '= ::>.8 ~:C"':2 ~ ~~ g 5 00 iCC ~ CIl .... IJ) Q) .- -:} t- ..... uro ::> E _ E-E5 .. g~ C E _CI)Q)CIl «10 ::lc"CID~CIl j"-IOCIl"'i; ~ ~ &~ ~ & ~ /ij .t:'O.c .- c Q) 0<.> ::l CIl llf .<:: ro ~1- .E.9-!6 ·~ ~ ti 'u; zc 5_-o- ..E~c.c c! ~~ co 0 co "-.8. Q) ii .g 2 :c '2 '2: "CID Q) .... Q) 0 ~ .~~~~~ . c.c C 0 .ro 5.o«2IJ)CIl<;:: • 0 ._ ... I- ~ "OD 

c ~"'~ cu ..... ~ -0 ... ! cu ~ .~ ~ Co-' 0 ~ ~ en -+..:. C g 
.s.. § ~ '-~ Q) i2 ..c ~ e: . ...01 Eo- ~~~ .tl ..c: l§l Q. ~ (.!) i ~~~ :IIC U C • ~~c3 g' "AI: 
c3 ~~ iii;.: {! .il l~l 8.i2 U)CI) • .. ~ 

• .~ c:i ~ ~l 
• ~(.!) 

.s ~~~ ,~ ;:::: u ~ ~::::5 og ~ »CI) s:e ~ E: .a~ ·9 ES: if ~ .... -9 ~~.s 0 ~ ~ J G~~ ~ S ~ ~.~ ~ i ..... <:-> ~~~ S ~~~ c:J 1".) ..... ':";::3 
~ ..g ~ ~ 
& ~ ~~ ~~ 

if) g~ 5 
..... <:-> 

"" 8: 
... ~ r: 
.... 1~ >. (II 
~ Ii .;.. (II ~ 

Ifi = Q ~ ~ .... 

..: '" ... : 1·!I2'Oill: .!II ~ ~ ,. ~ &I 0 ~j 
.. " . . ' ' .. 

o . ~ IC! 1! c: fIX! .. .... Q)- : "'",g:i! ~ ~ ~ 1i) .!!! ~ ~IO-E ~I'-':'::- ' '" al~I'-C I= .s! I'-g 0.'0 'i5 ·2,2 .r: 10 0 C!l 10 
... ~ QQ _ c: ~ 

., <II -t!:c , o co .s~~ ..... 'c ~ i '" ~ CX! u:) :c 
-"'Ec:: Q,) <0:: g"E E.r: ~ I'- 'E .~ ~ .8 il: 10 'to B O",01i):CIOIO~ ~ :>,5.r: i jC"f!~~~'Oi'" """"'\::J Q) ... (J) I c: .!!! t: 4I-<'i -10 OGlcQ) <II .c o .~ 0 . cI'-5~ .... 1ii~5 

- c:I-'O'OI'- i ~IO~ al lllOo o 0E 'jij I'- ~ 5 to: =>~.8 g<'> ~ ~ .~ ~ <II III I . '- 10.0 00 - E ::l O«l~ ~ ~~ ~-i~ 'Q) I -8. E -;;; -6 ._ ~ . c: ~ ~.8 c:S:: a;Q):C<ll~1!jI "2 g .Q ... !6 ";.!!!..9! 'to ~ .9- -41 . ~ fa co c:: Q) Cl) ~ . -.~~i!;Z: .t!~ ~ ~~~~2~~j 
~ 41 "E Ei~ }; 5<0 ~ I'- Q).a &l <.> IX! 0-.8~"'~~ vlM~~o..Z~:)g 

"QI) 
'" 10 i5. .r: ~ ~ .§~~ !6~-~ ",j ~ ~ eIi= al~B ~ "" . - 0.0 .... Q) ~ Q) IJ) a! "0 Q)~~~ 0 al d;~~O""CIl'::-1i).o~ co~~~2:-~cD i~~ ~L::::l ~ -~~ en.8 V) ;: .8Q).c .. 5 U Q) 0 co :s12 .- III ~~e >tI):2~ Q)ro~ ~~~1O~-gU) <~co§i~lJl~ I ~ I" § ~ • " ~ ~~ •• !I-EC~C<O~ I~~ en '~ ~ ~~ 0 16 ~ ~ ~ ,j,J 0Q,)_...x:-<a ",1-.cO-Q)'O CO Q) ..c. .- .... ::J 

'- ~""Q).c~~ $:0 ~Z:;(;)EoTI~:vE OocIo 0 ~g co no 'oJ)~ e '2 :~ ~ > m PE '-~ U) t_ .b cC c '-::l'"C CO ..,. o 'i5 '- CIl CIl '~ C I2iOQQ · >-~CIl :?: c 10 OJ _ >..- (1J Q) (; 
.c .£ 0 Q) '- 'r"'i a£ tn Q) Q) ~ Q).o "'0 c ~ ._ ~ E 0.:>,Cf) t:::> . • ~ 't 1» g ~ "O.~ :s g ~ 

.oo.!l1U OO l'- ~§ t-- "0 U en 'O.O~ £; .B (/) Ul (.) en 0.:::::>....- u t-

Monday , May 17, ) 993 The UCSD Guardian 11 
ADVERTISEMENT 

Is I X T HAN N U A L I 
UCSD UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH CONFERENCE 

MAY 22,1993, IDA AND CECIL GREEN FACULTY CLUB 

• A limited number of free tickets are available on a first-come, 
first-served basis for UCSD students, faculty and staff to 
attend the conference. For tickets, come to Bulldln, 
507 MAAC (a small brown bulldlnge .. t of the Price 
Center) from 1 pm to 4 pm, Tuesday throu,h Friday . 

REGISTRATION 
8:15 to 8:45 a.m, at the Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Gub 

MORNING SESSION 
9:00 to 11:45 a.m. 

,. 

AFTERNOON SESSION 
1:00 to 3:45 p.m. 

AWARDS CEREMONY 
3:45 to 4:15 p.m. 

Orlanlzed by The Academic Enrichment Program 
, Director: Mary Fr.lfeld, Ph.D. 

Conference Coordinator: Allee Martin 
Joint Sponsors: Student Affalra and Academic Affairs 

MORNING ROUNDTABLES: 9:00 - 1l:45 AM 
1: ETHNICITY AND IDENTITY 
2: THE POLITICS OF PRIVATE PROPERTY: REVOLUTION 

AND REFORM 
3: POLITICS: IDEOLOGY, STRATEGY, AND WAR 
4: THIRD WORLD WOMEN TALKING BACK 
5: GENDER ROLES, WORK AND THE FAMILY 
6: LANGUAGE AND LEARNING 
7: HUMAN BEHAVIOR: ENVIRONMENTAL AND 

PHYSIOLOGICAL FACTORS 
8: STUDYING STUDENTS AT UCSD (I) - CULTURE, 

GENDER, AND SEXUALITY 
9: BREAKTHROUGH$IN BIOCHEMISTRY AND 

THE BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES 
10: BIOLOGY AND THE ROLE OF PROTEINS 
11: THE PHYSIOLOGY OF CHILDHOOD DISORDERS AND 

DRUG EFFECTS . 
12: CARDIOLOGY AND THE BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES 
13: OPHTHALMOLOGY AND ANESTHESIOLOGY 
14: THE CUTIING EDGE OF CHEMISTRY 
15: EARTH SCIENCE AND MARINE LIFE 
16: COMPUTER SCIENCE, ENGINEERING AND MATHEMATICS . 

AFfERNOON ROUNDTABLES; 1;00-3;45 PM 
17: EXPLORING ECONOMICS 
18: COGNITIVE SCIENCE AND PSYCHOBIOLOGY 
19: THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF EDUCATION: POWER, 

GENDER AND WAGES 
20: THE ARTS IN PERSPECTIVE 
21: LANG!JAGE, MEMORY AND CHILD DEVELOPMENT 
22: UNDERSTANDING HUMAN BEHAVIOR: 

CULTURE AND SOCIAL STRUCTURE 
23: COMPREHENDING COMMUNICATION: 

INFORMATION, PRODUCTION AND POWER 
24: STUDYING STUDENTS AT UCSD (II) - ISSUES OF 

CULTURE, POLITICS AND THE ECONOMY 
25: FUNDAMENTALS OF GENETICS AND CELL BIOLOGY 
26: CURRENT RESEARCH IN BIOLOGY AND THE ROLE OF 

ENZYMES . 

27: BIOMEDICAL BREAKTHROUGHS 
28: BREAKTHROUGHS IN BIOENGINEERING 
29: EXPLORATIONS IN NEUROSCIENCE AND BIOLOGY 
30: FUNDAMENTALS OF PHYSICS 
31 : ESSENTIALS OF ENGINEERING AND MATERIAlS 

SCIENCE 

T he purpose ofUCSD's Annual Research Conference is to recognize the outstanding scholarly work 
produced by our undergraduates and to stimulate additional interaction between students and faculty 
at the research level. Another goal is to encourage more undergraduates to pursue doctoral degrees and 
careers in research and college teaching. 
A total of 171 students UJill be presenting papers at the Conference this year. Each participant has been 
nominated by a member of the faculty who considers the student's work to be outstanding among 
UCSD undergraduates. All students UJill be awarded a certificate as a Research Scholar. 
The Conference is organized into 31 small roundtable discussions. At each rountable, five to six 
students UJill present their papers with one or more faculty members seroing as moderators. Each 
student has 15 minutes to discuss his or her paper and 5 minutes for questions. After all presentations 
are completed, there will be another 30 to 45 minutes for group discussion. Students will present their 
papers at either the morning or the afternoon session; during the session when they are not presenting, 
students will attend a roundtable of their choice as a member of the audience. 
This Conference was made possible by generous grants from the Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs, 
Joseph Watson, and the Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs, Marjorie Caserio. The Conference was 
organized by Dr. ~ry Freifeld, Director of Academic Enrichment, and Ms. Alice Martin was the 
Conference Coordinator. 

IROUNDTABLE' sl 
1 

ETHNICITY AND IDENTITY 
Faculty Presider: Professor Leland 
Saito 
Liana L. Jacobs (Nominated by 
Professor Sanford Lakoff, Political 
Science) "The Antebellum Intellec-
tual Struggle: Perceptions of the 
African American in Pre-Civil War 
America," Political Science Major, 
Warren College 
Wendy Fumie Namimoto (Nomi-
nated by Professor Jeff Haydu, 
Sociology) "The Memory of 
Internment: An Agent for Collec-
tive Identity in the Nikkei 
Community," Sociology Major, Third 
College 
Carol Vijin Song (Nominated by 
Professor Jeff Haydu, Sociology) 
"Within the Anbang and Beyond: 
Reevaluating Korean Immigrant 
Women's Participation in the 'Public' 
and 'Private' in Korea and the United 
States," Sociology and Women's 
Studies Major, Fifth College 
Veronica Enrique Avalos (Nomi-
nated by Professor Marta Sanchez, 
Literature) "EI Camino Individual in 
Antonio Villareal's Pocho and 
Americo Paredes' With his Pistol in 
his Hand," Chicano Studies Major, 
Muir College 
Sofia Aguilar (Nominated by 
Professor Marta Sanchez, Literature) 
"Chicano Literature through the 
Works of Tomas Rivera and Sergio 
Elizondo," Sociology and Spanish 
Literature Major, Warren College 

2 
THE POLITICS OF 

PRIVATE PROPERTY: 
REVOLUTION AND RE-

FORM 
Faculty ~sider: Professor Eric Van 
Young 
Michael S. Cole (Nominated by 
Professor Eric Van Young, History) 
"Poverty and Politics along the Path 
to the Insurrection of Sendero 
Luminoso," History Major, Muir 
College 
Susan M. Chuberka (Nominated by 
Professor Philip Roeder, Political 
Science) "Going Private: Peasant 
Responses to DecoIlectivization," 
Political Science Major, Muir CoUege 
Jennifer CecU110 (Nominated by 
Professor Jeff Haydu, Sociology) 
"The Mobilization 01 Migrant 

Workers - Rancho de los Diablos," 
Sociology Major, Warren College 
Jami Denise Rubin (Nominated by 
Professor William Drake, Communi-
cation) "The Pros and Cons of 
Privatization," Communication 
Major, Third College 
Esperanza Holguin Villegas 
(Nominated by Professor William 
Drake, Communication) "Telecom-
munications and Latino Issues," 
Communication Major, Third 
College 
Thomas C. Edwards (Nominated by 
Professor William Drake, Communi-
cation) "The Economic Realities of 
Argentine Telecommunications 
Refonn: The ENTEL Privatization 
Experiment," Communication 
Major, Third College 

3 
POLmcs: IDEOLOGY, 
STRATEGY AND WAR 

Faculty Presider: Professor Michael 
Bernstein 
Luis Omar De Murguia (Nominated 
by Professor Sanford Lakoff, Political 
Science) "The Legacy of the New 
Deal," Political Science Major, Muir 
College 
Jonathan M. Kaplan (Nominated by 
Professor Sanford Lakoff, Political 
Science) "The Reagan Revolution-
Stillborn," Political Science Major, 
Muir College 
Rick Ortenblad (Nominated by 
Professor Sanford Lakoff, Political 
Science)"The New Left and the 
Students for a Democratic Society," 
Third World Studies Major, Warren 
College 
Howard A. Moyes U (Nominated by 
Professor Philip Roeder, Political 
Science) "Explaining the Pattern of 
U 5. Military Assistance to the 
Middle East," Political Science Major, 
Muir College 
William C. Kuebler (Nominated by 
Professor Philip Roeder, Political 
Science) "A Great Power and its 
Small Wars: The Systemic and 
Organizational Sources of America's 
'Small War' Doctrine," Political 
Science Major, Warren College 
Michael W. Keenan (Nominated by 
Professor Paul Papayoanou, Political 
Science) HArms Control 
Negotiations: Why Do States 
Negotiate in a System That Does Not 
Promote It?," Political Science Major, 
Warren College 

4 
THIRD WORLD WOMEN 

TALKING BACK 
Faculty Presider: Professor Dorothy Ko 
Joanne Esther Duane (Nominated 
by Professor Dorothy Ko, History) 
"Traditional Elemenls of Yin and 
Domesticity: The Bedrock of Chinese 
Women's Empowerment Before the 
19th Century," QEDS Major, Warren 
College 
Helena Tun-Leng Loh (Nominated 
by Professor Dorothy Ko, History) 
" A Yin-Yang Analysis of Two 
Goddess' Roles in Negotiating 
Chinese Women's Realities and 
Ideals," Communication Major, 
Third College 
IUthJeen Maria Filllon (Nominated 
by Professor Jeff Haydu, Sociology) 
"Urbanization and the Changing 
Position of Women in Ghana," 
Sociology Major, Fifth College 
Sue Soyoung Park (Nominated by 
Professors Dorothy Ko, History, and 
Suzanne Brenner, Anthropology) 
"Veiled Resistance: Islamic Revival-
ism and Malay Women," History 
and Anthropology Major, Fifth 
College 
Nhi Truong Ueu (Nominated by 
Professor Dorothy Ko, History) 
"Food and Identity: A Cross-Cultural 
Study on Aspects of Power in 
Gender Relations,"History Major, 
Third College 

5 
GENDER ROLES, WORK 

AND THE FAMILY 
Faculty Presider: Professor Chris-
tine Hunefeldt 
Lisa Edwards (Nominated by 
Professor Christine Hunefeldt, 
History) "Dowry and Women's 
Status: A Comparative Study," 
History Major, Fifth College 
Ughetta T. Manzone (Nominated by 
Professor Jamie Lyon, Fifth College), 
Women, Work and the Gender 
Controversy, " Undeclared Major, 
Fifth College 
Monica Ann Gough (Nominated by 
Professor Jeff Haydu, Sociology) 
"The Contact Point for Change: 
Corporate Sponsored Family Policy 
and its Effect on Family and the 
Workplace, H Sociology Major, Third 
College 

continued neat PIle 



12 

Roundtable 5 
continued from pr •• lo •• .,.,. 

Rebf(ca Rheim (Nominated by 
Professor Barbara Brody, USP) 
"Issues in Family Planning," 
Psychology Major, Third College 
Julie A. Wolfe (Nominated by 
Professor Geoffrey Batchen, Visual 
Arts) "Family Ties: Rethinking the 
Snapshot," Visual Arts and Commu-
nication Major, Muir College 
Janet L. Lewi. (Nominated by 
Professor Judith Halberstam, 
Literature) "Domesticity: An 
Impediment to Freedom," Literature 
Major, Muir College 

8 
LANGUAGE AND LEARNING 

Faculty PrHider: ProfHSOf Mark SL 
John 
Kriltin A. Fredrickaon (Nominated 
by Professor Judith Goodman, 
Psychology) "Memory in Children's 
lAnguage Development," Psychol-
ogy Major, Muir College 
Natasha Beth Brown (Nominated by 
Professor Judith Goodman, Psychol-
ogy) "Children's Use of Semantic 
Context in Word Learning and 
Retention," Psychology Major, Third 
College 
Gillian Nicole Sebestyen (Nomi-
nated by Professor jaime Pineda, 
Cognitive Science) "Face Recognition 
as a Function of Social Status in 
Monkeys," Cognitive Science Major, 
Revelle College 
Christine Lin (Nominated by 
Professor John Wixted, Psychology) 
"The Effects of Recall Criterion on 
Free Recall lAtency," Psychology 
Major, Muir College 
Brent A. Field (Nominated by 
Professor Gilles Fauconnier, 
Cognitive Science) MKnowledge and 
Analogy," Cognitive Science Major, 
Warren College 

7 
HUMAN BEHAVIOR: 

ENVIRONMENTAL AND 
PHYSIOLOGICAL 

FACTORS 
Faculty Presider: Professor Edmund 
Fantino 
Nicholas C. Herrera (Nominated by 
Professor Edmund Fantino, 
Psychology) "Delay-Reduction 
Effects on Relative Control by 
Competing Stimuli in a Human 
Choice Experiment," Psychology 
Major, Revelle College 
Matthew Lattal (Nominated by 
Professor Edmund Fantino, 
Psychology) "Self-Control and 
Impulsivity in a Computer Game," 
Psychology Major, Revelle College 
James c. Moore (Nominated by 
Professor Edmund -Fantino, 
Psychology) "Transitivity of 
Preference," Psychology Major, Fifth 
College 
Heather Sarah Montgomery 
(Nominated by Professor Hal 
Pashler, Psychology) "Timing of 
Simultaneous Bimanual Reaching 
Movements," Psychology Major, 
Muir College 
Stephanie Elaine ROlen (Nominated 
by Professor Daniel Kripke, 
Psychiatry) "Why Wake with a West 
Window?" Psychology Major, 
Warren College 

8 
·STUDYING STUDENTS AT 

UCSD (I) - CULTURE, 
GENDER AND SEXUALITY 

Faculty Preaider: Profeuor Leon 
ZaIJlOl( 
Rocelyn M. Reyes (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"Race, Culture and Gender: Identity 
Formation among Pilipina American 
Women," Sociology Major, Revelle 
College 

The UCSD Guardian 
ADVERTISEMENT-8IXTH ANNUAL UCSD UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH CONFERENCE 

Chri.topher T. Moore (Nominated 
by Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociol-
ogy) uBeauty and the Beast: 
Traditional and Non-Traditional 
Gender Roles," Sociology Major, 
Third College 
Laura Elizabeth Morris (Nominated 
by Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociol-
ogy) "Heterosexual Women and 
Hom06eXual Men: Factors of 
Desirability in Students' Search for a 
Male Partner," Sociology and 
Psychology Major, Muir College 
Laura M. Bozanich (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"Homosexuality on Campus: A 
Descriptive Study," Sociology Major, 
Fifth College 
Jill Suzanne Covert (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"First Year Female Students' 
Attitudes Toward Acquaintance 
Rape: A Look at the Influence of 
Rape Education Programs on 
Campus," Sociology Major, Fifth 
College 

9 
BREAKTHROUGHS IN 

BIOCHEMISTRY AND THE 
BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES 

Faculty Presiders: Professors 
Randolph Hastings and David 
Sartoris 
Robert K. Maeda (Nominated by 
Professor Milton Saier, Biology) 
"Purification of PTS Proteins 
Following Overexpression in E. 
Coli," Biochemistry Major, Revelle 
College 
Aaron Steven McCarty (Nominated 
by Professor Michael McKeown, 
Biology) "Structure of the Droso-
phila Cognate of the HNF-4 Steroid 
Receptor-Like Protein," Biochemis-
try Major, Revelle College 
Jon J. Allen (Nominated by 
Professor Andrew McCulloch, 
AMES) "Surface Strains in Canine 
Right Ventricle," Bioengineering 
Major, Warren CoHege 
Robert A. Berman (Nominated by 
Professor David Sartoris, Radiology) 
"Bone Densitometry and the 
Epidemiology of Osteoporosis," 
Biology Major, Fifth College 
In Memory of Mark Yu-Chen 
Huang (Nominated by Prqfessor 
joseph Voland, Biology) "Character-
ization of Human CDB T-Cell 
Subsets," Biochemistry Major, Third 
College (paper will be read by 
Kambiz Amdjadi) 

10 
BIOLOGY AND THE ROLE 

OF PROTEINS 
Faculty Presiden: ProfeslOn 
Anthony Ho, Robert Smith and 
Robert Engler 
Mieke Van Rosmalen (Nominated 
by Professor Milton Saier, Biology) 
"Evolutionary Relationships among 
Two Families of Bacterial 
Periplasmic Proteins which Function 
in Fimbrial Assembly," Biology 
Major, Muir College 
Laura A. Hackett (Nominated by 
Professor Donald Helinski, Biology) 
"Overexpression and Purification of 
a Replication Initiation Protein," 
Biology Major, Revelle College 
Britt E. Andenon (Nominated by 
Professor Julian Schfoerler, Biology) 
"Direct Evidence for an Extracellular 
Receptor Site for the Plant Hormone 
Abscisic Acid," Microbiology Major, 
Muir College 
Gerald M. Pao (Nominated by 
Professor Milton Saier, Biology) 
"Signal Transduction by Protein 
Phosphorylation in Prokaryote 
Structure, Function and Evolution," 
Molecular Biology Major, Third 
College 
Joshua Sapkin (Nominated by 
Professor Jean Wang, Biology) 
'''Tagging' the C-Abl Proto-
oncoprotein," Molecular Biology 
Major, Revelle Co.llege 

1.1. 
THE PHYSIOLOGY OF 

CHILDHOOD DISORDERS 
AND DRUG EFFECTS 

Faculty Preaiden: Profeuon Dori. 
Trluna, Beverly Wulfeck, and 
Wayne Dankner 
Daphne Yvette Marzullo (Nomi-
nated by Professor Doris Trauner, 
Neurosciences) "Assessing Hemi-
spheric Dysfunction in Children with 
Serious Psychiatric Disorders," 
Psychology Major, Revelle College 
Serena Colah (Nominated by 
Professor Doris Trauner, Neuro-
sciences) "The Black Box: A Study of 
Tactile Recognition," Psychology 
Major, Revelle College 
Thomu Gould (Nominated by 
Professor Doris Trauner, Neuro-
sciences) "Evaluation of Right 
Hemisphere Dysfunction in Children 
with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity 
Disorder," Psychology Major, 
Revelle College 
Andrew T. Benedict (Nominated by 
Professor William Harris, Biology) 
"Axonal Pathfinding in Xmopus 
!Aft/is: This is Your Brain on Drugs," 
Biology Major, Muir Col!ege 
Maria Theresa Panlilio Sanicolas 
(Nominated by Professor Michael 
Kalichman, Anesthesiology) 
"Cocaine, Prostaglandins, and Nerve 
Blood Flow," Microbiology Major, 
Warren College 

12 
CARDIOLOGY AND THE 
BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES 

Faculty Presidefl: Professors 
Andrew McCulloch, Howard 
Rockman, and William Novotny 
Adam Lane Muzikant (Nominated 
by Professor Andrew McCulloch, 
AMES) "Computer Visualization and 
Animation of Regional Epicardial 
Strain in the Normal and Ischemic 
Pig Heart," Bioengineering Major, 
Warren College 
Darren Ryan Sherman (Nominated 
by Professor Andrew McCulloch, 
AMES) "MorpholOgical Changes in 
the Rat Left Ventricle during 
Pressure Overload Hypertrophy," 
Bioengineering Major, Warren 
College 
Kee Hoon Lee (Nominated by 
Professor Amost Fronek, Surgery) 
"Plethysmographic Techniques in 
the Non-Invasive Diagnosis of 
Vascular Disease in the Lower 
Extremities," Microbiology Major, 
Muir College 
J.C. Kringel (Nominated by 
Professor Arnost Fronek, Surgery) 
"Correlation between 
Photoplethysmography and Mercury 
Strain Gauge," Biology Major, Third 
College 
Media Najafi (Nominated by 
Professor Sue Bodine-Fowler, 
OrthOpaedics) "Expression of 
Fibroblast Growth Factor in 
Denervated Muscles," Biochemistry 
Major, Third College 

13 
OPHTHALMOLOGY AND 

ANESTHESIOLOGY 
Faculty Presidefl: Profesaon John 
Uu, Pamela Sample, and J. 
Seegmiller 
Genaro A. Martinez (Nominated by 
Professor Pamela Sample, Ophthal-
mology) "High-Pass Resolution 
Perimetry in Eyes at Risk for 
Development of Glaucoma," 
Biochemistry Major, Revelle College 
Marina E. Madrid (Nominated by 
Professor Pamela Sample, Ophthal-
mology) "Psychophysical Testing in 
Glaucoma," Psychology Major, 
Warren College 
Meredith L Culp (Nominated by 
Professor Matthew Weinger, 
Anesthesiology) MReal Time 
Assessment of Stress, Workload, and 
Vigilance in Anesthesia Care 
Providers,· Animal Physiology 

Major, Revelle College 
Helen Diana Shen (Nominated by 
Professor Matthew Weinger, 
Anesthesiology) "New Methodologi-
cal Approaches for Analysis of Task 
Characteristics and Workload of 
Anesthesia Care Providers," Biology 
Major, Warren College 
Michael Cachero Jorge (Nominated 
by Professor Michael Kalichman, 
Anesthesiology) "Neurovascular 
Toxicity of Nicotine," Biochemistry 
Major, Revelle College 

14 
THE CUTTING EDGE OF 

CHEMISTRY 
Faculty Presiden: Profesaol'l David 
Roile and Jeffrey Nelson 
Gili Rubin (Nominated by Professor 
David Roise, Chemistry) "Purifica-
tion and Fluorescent Labeling of a 
Mitochondrial Protein," Chemistry / 
Biochemistry Major, Fifth College 
Toan Leung (Nominated by 
Professor Trevor McMorris, 
Chemistry) "Synthesis of 24-
Epibrassinolide from Eygosterol," 
Biochemistry Major, Third College 
Kalyn M. Shea (Nominated by 
Professor Dan Harvey, Chemistry) 
"Molybdenum Carbene Complexes: 
Applications of Organic Synthesis," 
Chemistry Major, Revelle College 
Linda S. Jung (Nominated by 
Professor Michael Sailor, Chemistry) 
"Chemical Protection of Porous 
Silicon," Biochemistry Major, Muir 
College 
Robert D. Herrick II (Nominated by 
Professor Michael Sailor, Chemistry) 
"Luminescent Structures of Silicon," 
Chemistry Major, Muir College 

15 
EARTH SCIENCE AND 

MARINE LIFE 
Faculty Presider: Professor Gustaf 
Arrheniua 
Kenneth M. Ring (Nominated by 
Professor Gustaf Arrhenius, SIO) 
"The Possible Role of Mixed Valence 
Hydroxide Minerals in the Origin of 
life," Engineering and Physics 
Major, Warren College 
Patrick lloyd (Nominated by 
Professor Jeffrey Bada, SIO) "III Situ 
lAser-Induced Fluorescence 
Measurements of Sea Water," 
Chemistry Major, Warren College 
Elizabeth R. KriItofea (Nominated 
by Professor Paterno Castillo, SIO) 
"ReI! Modeling of Western Pacific 
Cretaceous Volcanic Rocks," Physics 
Major, Revelle College 
Huy Huu Tran (Nominated by 
Professor Wolfgang Berger, SIO) 
"Marine Carbonate Dissolution 
Analysis: C.I.S.E.M.A.D.," Biology 
Major, Warren College 
Joann Michele Louie (Nominated by 
Professor Usa Levin, SIO) "The 
Influence of Flushing Regime on the 
Benthic Fauna of Several Southern 
California Lagoons,u Biology Major, 
Warren College 

1.8 
COMPUTER SCIENCE, 

ENGINEERING AND 
MATHEMATICS 

Faculty Preaiden: Profeuon HaN 
Sieburg iUld bn AbrlllllOD 
Cristobal Baray (Nominated by 
Professor Hans Sieburg, Psychiatry) 
"Tricks of an Artificial Neuroendo-
crine System," Computer Science 
Major, Warren College 
Kevin Scott Kunzelman (Nominated 
by Professor Hans Sieburg, Psychia-
try) "Nouveau Slang," Mathematics 
and Computer Science Major, Third 
College 
Michele E. Dafoe (Nominated by 
Professor Hans Sieburg, Psychiatry) 
"Do Immune Biochemistry and HlV 
Mutants C~olve to Result in a 
'Damped Motion' Dynamic of An 
Treatment?" Psychology Major, 
Revelle College 

Monday, May 17, 1993 

Trina Lynn Osterhua (Nominated by 
Professor Hans Sieburg, Psychiatry) 
"Interfacing in Silico and in Vivo," 
Mathematics and Computer Science 
Major, Warren College 
Mari. Martinez (Nominated by 
Professors Halkin and Bonet, 
Mathematics) "Cobham's Class of 
Functions in Typed Lambda 
Calculus," Mathematics and 
Computer Science Major, Third 
College 
Amber Lynn Puha (Nominated by 
Professor Ruth Williams, Mathemat-
ics) "Simulated AMealing," 
Mathematics Major, Muir College 

1.7 
EXPLORING ECONOMICS 

Faculty Presider: Profeuor Mark 
Machina 
F.abrizio Dorian Zappaterra 
(Nominated by Professor Wouter 
DenHaan, Economics) "Exchange 
Rate Behavior and the Exchange Rail 
Mechanism of the European 
Community," QEDS Major, Fifth 
College 
Arnold M. Josafat (Nominated by 
Professor William Drake, Communi-
cation) "Philippine Telecommunica-
tions: A Key Factor in the Philip-
pines' Dependent Role within the 
Global Economy," Communication 
and Political Science Major, Third 
College 
Howard Aaron Ripes (Nominated 
by Professor Garey Ramey, Econom-
ics) "Cable Television: A History of 
Regulation and the Cable Television 
Consumer Protection and Competi-
tion Act of 1992," Economics Major, 
Warren College 
Brian Goldstine (Nominated by 
Professor Garey Ramey, Economics) 
"The Current State of and Future 
Trends in the American Beer 
Industry," Economics Major, Muir 
College 
Davin Lopez (Nominated by 
Professor Garey Ramey, Economics) 
"Concentrated Footwear," Econom-
ics Major, Muir College 
Tracy A. Falba (Nominated by 
ProfeSsor George Borjas, Economics) 
"Unemployment and Efficiency 
Wages - An Empirical Test of the 
Shirking Model Hypothesis," 
Economics Major, Warren College 

18 
COGNITIVE SCIENCE AND 

PSYCHOBIOLOGY 
Faculty Presiden: Profesaors Daniel 
Kripke and Jaime Pineda 
Kathleen M. Shafer (Nominated by 
Professor Jaime Pineda, Cognitive 
Science) "Effects of Locally-Injected 
Pharmacological Agents on Cogni-
tive ERPS," Cognitive Science Major, 
Warren College 
Brent M. Kronenberg (Nominated 
by Professor Jaime pineda, Cognitive 
Science) "The Pharmacology of P3OO: 
An Index of Cognitive Activity," 
Cognitive Science and Psychology 
Major, Revelle College 
Nicholas Priebe (Nominated by 
Professor jaime Pineda, Cognitive 
Science) "Comparison of Sleep 
Deprivation Effects on Human and 
Monkey Electrophysiology," 
Computer Science and Cognitive 
Science Major, Fifth College 
Stephen Eric Smith (Nominated by 
Professor Daniel Kripke, Psychiatry) 
"Snoring and Sleep Apnea" 
Psychology Major, Muir College 
Alexis Diwa (Nominated by 
Professor Daniel Kripke, Psychiatry) 
"The Effects of Dietary Potassium 
and Vitamin B12 on the Sleep /Wake 
Cycle of Humans," Psychology and 
Cognitive Science Major, Revelle 
College 

SIXTH ANNUAL 
UCSD UNDERGRADUATE 

RESEARCH CONFERENCE 

cent ... _ .... t PIle 

Monday, May 17, 1993 

19 
THE POLITICAL 

ECONOMY OF 
EDUCATION: POWER, 
GENDER AND WAGES 

Faculty Preaider: Provost Cecil LyUe 
Shelley Rene Ruelas (Nominated by 
Professor Hugh Mehan, TEP) 
"Educational Reform and the 
Restructuring Movement" Psychol-
ogy Major, Muir College 
Gina Danielle Dominguez (Nomi-
nated by Professor Keith Pezzoli, 
Urban Studies) "Gender Bias in 
Education: Interaction between 
Teacher and Student in the Elemen-
tary School Classroom," Urban 
Studies and Planning Major, Revelle 
College 
Steven M. Boxer (Nominated by 
Professor Stephen Cornell, Sociol-
ogy) "A Comparison of Social 
Profiles for UCSD Greek Members 
and Non-Members," Sociology 
Major, Fifth College 
Rey S. Yang (Nominated by 
Professor Julian Bets, Economics) 
"The Impact of the Rising College 
Wage Premium on College Enroll-
ment," QEDS Major, Revelle College 
Joint Presentatiol.l: "Accuracy of 
Wage Beliefs of UCSD Students," 
Phong Trinh (Nominated by 
Professor Julian Bets, Economics) 
QEDS and Mathematics Major, 
Warren College, and Vadim 
Vorobyov (Nominated by Professor 
Julian Betts, Economics) QEDS 
Major, Warren College 

20 
THE ARTS IN PERSPECTIVE 

Faculty Presiders: Professors Mamie 
Dilling and F. Richard Moore 
Steven Brian Brown (Nominated by 
Professor Allan Havis, Theatre) 
"Asylum," (A Play), Biology Major, 
Revelle College 
jack R. Lamb (Nominated by 
Professor Donald Wesling, Litera-
ture) "Cowboy Poetry: History and 
Orality," Literature Major, Muir 
College 
Scott Wallace Rollans (Nominated 
by Professor Cecil Lytle, Music) 
"Chamber Music and Poetry: 
Interrelations in the Arts," Music and 
Humanities Major, Third College 
Lynette J. Stoudt (Nominated by 
Professor Mamie Dilling, Music) 
"Native American Drumming: The 
Heartbeat of a People," Anthropol-
ogy Major, Revelle College 
Bonnie B. Wright (Nominated by 
Professor Cecil Lytle, Music) 
" Ascencion, Coltrane and their 
Roots," Music and Humanities 
Major, Muir College 
Lee Vicente Madrid (Nominated by 
Professor Cecil Lytle, Music) 
"Aspects of Interpretation as it 
Relates to Mozart's 'Dissonance' 
Quartet," Biochemistry Major, Muir 
College 

21 
LANGUAGE,MEMORY,AND 

CHILD DEVELOPMENT 
Filculty Presiden: Professors Judith 
Goodman and Don Macleod 
Angela Bauman (Nominated by 
Professor Judith Goodman, Psychol-
ogy) "Effects of Familiarity on 
Lexical Influences in Perception," 
Psychology Major, Third College 
Andrea Leigh Alfonso (Nominated 
by Professor Hal Pash~er, Psy~ol­
ogy) "Selective Attention to VIsual 
and Auditory Stimuli," Psychology 
Major, Revelle College 
Merry M. DyKes (Nominated by 
Professor Judith Goodman, Psychol-
ogy) "Investigation of Filled Pauses 
in Children's Speech," Psychology 
Major, Fifth College 
Melina Lyn Boudoures (Nominated 
by Professor Judith Goodman, 
Psychology) NStory Memory in 
Toddlers," Psychology Major, 
Revelle College 

The UCSD Guardian 
ADVERTISEMENT SIXTH ANNUAL UCSD UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH CONFERENCE 

Group Presentation: "Ecological 
Perspectives of Developmental 
Psychology," Kelli Hanson 
(Nominated by Professor Don 
Macleod, Psychology) Psychology 
Major, Fifth College; Tara 
Chri.lenaon (Nominated by 
Professor Don MacLeod, Psychol-
ogy) Psychology Major, Muir 
College; and Susie Park (Nominated 
by Professor Don MacLeod, 
Psychology) Psychology Major, Fifth 
College 

22 
UNDERSTANDING 

HUMAN BEHAVIOR: 
CULTURE AND SOCIAL 

STRUCTURE 
Faculty Presiders: Professors Jeffrey 
Haydu and Thomas Levy 
Christina Vento Fay (Nominated by 
Professor Suzanne Brenner, 
Anthropology) "Homelessness, 
Culture and Mental Illness in San 
Diego," Psychology and Anthropol-
ogy Major, Third College 
Paul Cameron Moore (Nominated 
by Professor jeff Haydu, Sociology) 
"Showing Others the Way: How 
Churches Seek New Members," 
Sociology and Psychology Major, 
Third College 
Michelle M. Renaud (Nominated by 
Professor Jeff Hbydu, Sociology) 
"Rules, Respect and Authority 
within Recreation Centers," 
Sociology Major, Third College 
Lisa Stefanie Rosen (Nominated by 
Professor Suzanne BreMer, 
Anthropology) "Standing at the 
Crossroads: Negotiating Discourses 
of Feminism and Fernininity," 
Anthropology Major, Muir College 
Wendy A. Conner (Nominated by 
Professor Thomas Levy, Anthropol-
ogy) "Spatial Analysis in Archeol-
ogy: A Case Study of the Gilat 
Sanctuary, Israel," Anthropology 
Major, Fifth College 
Paul A. Kotlman (Nominated by 
Professor Jon Snyder, Literature) 
"Truth and Lying in Western Critical 
Thought," Literature Major, Fifth 
College 

23 
COMPREHENDING 
COMMUNICATION: 

INFORMATION, 
PRODUCTION AND 

POWER 
Faculty Presider: Professor Marita 
Sturken 
Karen D. Frazer (Nominated by 
Professor Dan Schiller, Communica-
tion) "A History of Telephone 
System Development in San Diego, 
1881-1919," Communication Major, 
Third College 
Sarah Shu-Hui Lee (Nominated by 
Professor William Drake, Communi-
cation) "Transformation of Chinese 
Telecommunications," Communica-
tion Major, Warren College 
Doften Dizon Erenea (Nominated 
by Professor William Drake, 
Communication) "Attempts to 
Regulate the Problem ofTransborder 
Data Flow in International Organiza-
tions," Communication Major, 
Warren College 
Annie Gregory (Nominated by 
Professor Dee Dee Halleck, 
Communication) "Eliminating 
Waste" Communication Major, 
Third College 
Ken M. Ozawa (Nominated by 
Professor Dee Dee Halleck, 
Communication) MComputer 
Graphics Video Production," 
Communication Major, Revelle 
College 
John W. Steckert, Jr. (Nominated by 
Professor Phil Agre, Communica-
tion) "Choosing Real-Ufe Narratives 
in a Hollywood Production House," 
Literature Major, Muir College 

24 
STUDYING STUDENTS AT 

UCSD (2) - ISSUES OF 
CULTURE,POLITICS,AND 

THE ECONOMY 
Faculty PrHider: ProfeslOr Leon 
Zamosc 
Melanie Hoerr (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"The Effects of Studying Abroad 
upon Returning Students: an 
Attempt at Understanding 
Reassimilation Patterns," Sociology 
Major, Third College 
Sara Lin KaUen (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"Student Fashion: Peer Culture and 
the Symbolic Function of Clothing," 
Sociology and Literature Major, 
Third College 
Shellie L. Norris (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"Political Activism in the 1990s: 
Student Attitudes, Educational 
Philosophy and Social Anxiety," 
Sociology Major, Third College 
Gilbert Apollo MacKenna (Nomi-
nated by Professor Leon Zamosc, 
SociolQgy) "What About God: 
Rei igious Students in the Social 
Sciences," Sociology Major, Fifth 
College 
Nicole Ventrone (Nominated by 
Professor Leon Zamosc, Sociology) 
"Students' Perceptions of the 
Recession and How It Affects Their 
Educational Paths," Sociology Major, 
Muir College 
Emily Park (Nominated by Professor 
Leon Zamosc, Sociology) "Changing 
Perceptions of Ethnic-Group Identity 
Among Korean-American Students," 
Sociology Major, Third College 

25 
FUNDAMENTALS OF 
GENETICS AND CELL 

BIOLOGY 
Faculty Presider: Professor Immo 
Scheffler 
Lawrence Crane (Nominated by 
Professor William Harris, Biology) 
"A Pax 6 Gene in Xenopus," Animal 
Physiology Major, Muir College 
Rebekka C. Noll (Nominated by 
Professor Ethan Bier, Biology) 
"Enhancer Piracy: A Novel Ap-
proach to Generate Dominant Gain 
of Function Alleles of a Gene of 
Interest," Biology and Literature 
Major, Revelle College 
Kambiz Amdjadi (Nominated by 
Professor Richard Dutton, Biology) 
"The Inhibition of Antibody Forming 
B Cells and Their Fate," Biology 
Major, Third College 
Leo Lee (Nominated by Professor 
Arnost Fronek, Surgery) "The Effect 
of Pressure on the Expression of 
Endothelial Cells," Biochemistry 
Major, Revelle College 
Robert Lee Davis (Nominated by 
Professor David Roise, Chemistry) 
"Translocation of a Mitochondrial 
Presequence Peptide Across 
Phospholipid Membranes," 
Biochemistry Major, Revelle College 

28 
CURRENT RESE!RCH IN 

BIOLOGY AND THE ROLE 
OF ENZl'MES 

Fac:ulty Preaider: Profesaor Percy 
Russell 
Romy Erica Mason (Nominated by 
Professor Milton Saier, Biology) 
"Regulation of Raffinose Transport 
by the Phosphotransferase System in 
E. Coli," Psychology Major, Warren 
College 
Liu Marroquin (Nominated by 
Professor Kim Barrett, Medicine) 
"The Role of Phospholipase A2 in 
T84 Cell Chloride Secretion," Animal 
Physiology Major, Muir College 
Andrew Daniel Yu (Nominated by 
Professor Robert Hamburger, 
Allergy Immunology) "The Search 
for Food EpitDpes in the Sera of Beef 

Cattle," Bioengineering Major, 
Warren College 
Roger N. Tran (Nominated by 
Professor Daniel O'Connor, 
Medicine) "Studies of Chromaffin 
Cell Secretion," Biology Major, 
Revelle College 
Joint PftHntation: Linh K Ngo 
(Nominated by Professor Milton 
Saier, Biology) "The FI FO ATPase-
Evolutionary Studies on the b-
subunit," Biochemistry Major, Third 
College, and Alan Blair (Nominated 
by Professor Milton Saier, Biology) 
"The FI FO ATPase - Evolutionary 
Studies on the c-subunit," Biology 
Major, Third College 

27 
BIOMEDICAL BREAKTHROUGHS 
Faculty Presiders: Professors Jane 
Bums and Ralph Lewin 
Grace Lozinski (Nominated by 
Professor Jane Burns, Pediatrics) 
"Molecular Analysis of the Role of 
Adenovirus in Myocarditis," 
Biochemistry Major, Warren College 
Jeffrey Moseley (Nominated by 
Professor Martin Yanofsky, Biology) 
"Development of a Mutant Screen for 
Apetala 1 in Arabidopsis Thaliana," 
Biochemistry Major, Fifth College 
Mark J. Solloway (Nominated by 
Professor Ethan Bier, Biology) 
"Patterns of Cell Death in Rho-
Mutant Drosophila" Biochemistry 
Major, Revelle College 
Charles Patrick Feiler (Nominated 
by Professor Virgil Woods, Medi-
cine) "Flow Cytometric Analysis of 
Monoclonal Antibodies specific for 
Adhesion Receptors," Biology Major, 
Revelle College 
Srinath Sanda (Nominated by 
Professor Donald Helinski, Biology) 
"Isolation of Bacterial Mutants 
Resistant to Killing by a Plasmid 
Stabilization Protein," Microbiology 
Major, Warren College 

2. 
BREAKTHROUGHS IN 

BIOENGINEERING 
Faculty Presider. Professor Robert Sah 
Annamarie Ayroso (Nominated by 
Professor Robert Sah, AMES) 
"Integrative Repair of Cartilage 
Explants: Effects of Culture Condi-
tions on the Ultimate Shear 
Strength," Structural Engineering 
Major, Revelle College 
Ted Yee (Nominated by Professor 
Geert Schmid-Schoenbein, AMES) 
"The Role of Elastase in the inflam-
matory Response," Biochemistry 
Major, Warren College 
Katherine E. Stokke (Nominated by 
Professor Geert Schmid-Schonbein, 
AMES) "Microvascular and 
Macrovascular Reconstruction of Rat 
Spinotrapezius Muscle Fascia," Bio-
engineering Major, Revelle College 
James McDonald Wilson (Nomi-
nated by Professor Geert Schmid-
Schoenbein, AMES) "Dynamic Study 
of Leukocyte Migration during Acute 
Inflammatory Response," Bioengi-
neering Major, Third College 
Katherine Jeannette Klumb 
(Nominated by Professor Andrew 
McCulloch, AMES) "Transmural. 
Distribution of Vascular Volume In 
the Passive Canine Heart," Bioengi-
neering Major, Warren College· 

29 
EXPLORATIONS IN NEURO-

SCIENCE AND BIOLOGY 
Faculty Presiderl: Profesaon Bill 
Kristan and Kathy French 
Mary Ann Leilani T. Cutro 
(Nominated by Professor Bill 
Kristan, Biology) "Development of 
Identified Neurons in the Medicinal 
Leech, n Biochemistry Major, Muir 
College 
Marc Gal Bodman (Nominated by 
Professor Palmer Taylor, Pharmacol-
ogy) uStudies on Acetylcho1inest-
erase Expression and Localization 
During Differentiation of Embryooyl 
Cells to Neurons," Animal Physiol-
ogy Major, Warren College 

13 

Collen H. Woo (Nominated by 
Professor Pamela Mellon, Reproduc-
tive Medicine) "Cloning Transcri~ 
tion Factors from Hypothalamic 
Neurons," Biochemistry Major,. 
Rev elle College 
El.ie A. Chiang (Nominated by 
Professor Tony Yaksh, Anesthesiol-
ogy) "Sympathetic Role of Peripheral 
Releasing Function of Primary 
Sensory Afferents in the Airway," 
Economics Major, Revelle College 
Apama Desai (Nominated by 
Professor William Harris, Biology) 
"Isolation of the Mesochordin 
Homolog from Chicken Hensen's 
Node Library," Neuroscience Major, 
Muir College 

30 
FUNDAMENTALS OF 

PHYSICS AND APPLIED 
MATHEMATICS 

Faculty Presiden: Professors 
Barbara Jones, W.B. Thompson, and 
Constantine Pozrikidis 
Henry D. Pfister (Nominated by 
Professor Henry Abarbanel, Physics) 
"Determining the Predictability of 
Chaotic Data," Physics Major, 
Revelle College 
David Andrew Leonardo Marasco 
(Nominated by Professor Ami 
Berkowitz, Physics) "Investigation of 
Methods for Cvbalt Surface Treating 
Accicular Iron Particles," Physics 
and Philosophy Major, Warren 
College 
Thomas J. COX (Nominated by 
Professor Ami Berkowitz, Physics) 
"Surface Treatment of Iron Oxide 
Particles," Physics Major, Muir 
College 
Joshua McLaughlin (Nominated by 
Professor Barbara jones, Physics) 
"Infrared Observations and Analysis 
of Planetary Nebula IC418," Physics 
Major, Warren College 
Janet Carol Green (Nominated by 
Professor Barbara Jones, Physics) 
"Comet Swift Tuttle in the infrared," 
Physics Major, Revelle College 
James BuUer (Nominated by 
Professor Constantine Pozrikidis, 
AMES) "Spatially-Evolving 
Solutions to the Kuramoto-
Sivachinsky Equation," Mechanical 
Engineering Major, Revelle College 

31 
ESSENTIALS OF 

ENGINEERING AND 
MATERIALS SCIENCE 

Faculty Presidefl: Professors Joanna 
McKittrick, Devendra Lal, Karen 
Kavanagh, and Charles Tu 
Ruth Deborah Schreiber (Nomi-
nated by Professor Jan Talbot, 
AMES) "Zeta Potentials in the 
Electrophoretic Deposition of 
Phosphors for Processing of CRT 
Screens," Chemical Engineering 
Major, Warren College 
Suzanne Marie Powell (Nominated 
by Professor Joanna McKittrick, 
AMES) HChemical Synthesis of 
YAG: Cr Phosphors," Structural 
Engineering Major, Revelle College 
Michael Warddrip (Nominated by 
Professor David Miller, AMES) "Jet 
Vapor Deposition," Chemical 
Engineering Major, Warren College 
Joint PreHntation: "Mass Transfer 
Processes in Counterflowing 
Streams, " Joe Lin (Nominated by 
Professor J.D. Goddard, AMES) 
Bioengineering Major, Warren 
College; Cheng-Yu Sebastian Tseng 
(Nominated by Professor J.D. 
Goddard, AMES) Chemical 
Engineering Major, Warren College; 
Mark A. Brady (Nominated by 
Professor Constantine Pozrikidis, 
AMES) "Dissipation of Energy Over 
Boundaries with Fractal Geometry," 
Structural Engineering Major, 
Warren College; and Joseph Fanin 
Ahadian (Nominated by Professor 
Charles Tu, ECE) "A Computer-
Controlled Video Imaging System 
for Electron Diffractiqn Analysis, N 
Electrical Engineering Major, Muir 
College 



EI if! Z ar 0 ~r.lc: 
=I z Ci ~- ~ 
c;; ~ 
-:.i<Z ~ll~ ~I-:Z: 
g: ~ :::1111 
•• :I: 
3 · • • 
CD iOl ... 
-. .. ~ -0 &rl~ 
a-l=:O 
--I' __ 
fn r -= ~ 
.:.t = '" ~ -C":a- ... ht -~I=O ~I:I:'" 
=:i' ~ 

} ~ JfIlf'OQr'EI[f.~10~fl'\'1 V\L)~ -I ,~ 
IIIVt 
>e-a 
--. 

_I 
iii. 00 
"0 Z,.; N 
.. 

--

c () 
en 
CJ 

"111 

0-0 0 o-UI ~O ~ O<~OC_-
.., (I) a....ca -0 c a z 

co ~ 3 0 (I) 3 - . (I) o - -.:::J _. 0 < 
_. ~ 0 ~ a.... ~ ~ (I) ~ ~~ II' 0 2 0 .., 
_. 11' . 0 ell' ....... 0-~' ~II' 0" :TQ~n~~~O' 
(I) ca - ~ ~. ~ . .., (iJ 
n (I) 3 a.... ~ _~ 01 y 
-. - 0 .., co ""'C; 0 0 < _. a....-
- . ..0 ", II' 0' II' 
:7 C (I) :::J, 0 ....... § =-ig:"8 II' ~"8 ~ 
<. ~. ~ S< :i-"'0 g (I) 
< 0 -. ~ c m-
o ~ o-~o Q 
:::L II' (I), ~.., ~ 
!=L' =r c; a....-o II' :::J 

a.... o )( nee II' 
r- '< - 0 0-"'0 c ~·S 3 g0:7~ n (l)3n ..,lI'uy a _. 0 .! . if co 0 -nO~=..,01 

--< a.... 06 II' C II' ..... 0 ~ 
. v·, 11', O'~ ~~2:"agoco 

!" ~ nr :r:;::!!! . 
(I) .., a...O 0 N 

--i 0 0 ..,~. CD 
y.., -0 gil' co g (I) 0 J ' _. ~ _. 0 5 Q:"@m~5..-~ co ,II' :...... _ "'0 II' 

co _. tI" _. c 0 CDoo.O=-o-iD ~ < c)" c m u;" g 9t~~. Jr-
. .... ~ tD "I o J ~ "',_' ~~o - II'cg ~~ "'O~ a....~ ~.~. 

o 0 Q n 
:::J 11" • 
- , 

4ft-
VI ... 
:..OZ z ... o 

~.c: 

,-;?.l t~~ ~ -(-tf\ 
..'r-- .. t> 
.'4.-(d 
t. . 
.<.:::: <-
,. --~ !.:", 
r7:::::::' ~ v 

Q~fi 
, ,/ ~ 
• 

, 

• 
t 

r 

oa. 
I11III t'· ~,~\", ~ ~ 1{.1tc1:~ , 
Ql=~ (V) Z :,SB '~- . () mp rv~;]~C::!1_ \ ) 0 c:: 
';t?!Q h~r-!l=',~~ -- tr .... :I 
'L)): I'..JI\ -~;)~b_td-F-1,_~~ ~ 
SJk:l111 ~ -- --L\ J"'J~~'-D 1ft 
-= fR'1-J~~ ~=-"" 1 ::],- ~~ , .... Z 
'4\' ~ - (\-~ ~~~[~J::={~ }J - (~-'"\l0 :. ~ .. 'II 
'-I.. \ -t:1=J..::::bJr.;- /'J, ~? __ 1- --\U~--\ QE'blCti 1-I'J:;::t]~::i~:I~~,~:::~,~~< _ ~ 
I \501 ::I:f=::';--." t-=-~I~ ~ I '::"l='~ - ~\ _\J't, ;:j'=l~~ . ... ...... 
;=c .--; - tbJ~~ = R N_ \ -- _1:\.::. ~ : ,'" L~"~~:,It~, /i'fIu' _ ..-
:::::-, ,1 I -:::::::~ I'::::::.f..-= ~ \ '--.::....Jt==\ I.J _ -:...-..J, ,_, ... . ,... -~,t-..:.~. --..l\~ -d -1_.1, - .1::;:.\-.J ~ _ 4- _ \ ~ . , "' 
I , \... ,__ --.J-F -I':t-1 ~ ~ _ '" '')_ 
r-";, .--.-J-J=:i ~-i=b. -' --- I ~~, • \ 10 _\::::'j:':~:-~ ,-, 0 ~ --1~--=tJJ ~~!:::/~C"S9rQ:;:;~~;:r _ 
I J ~r - - I Jj.:..' ~j , \ ll'-\~ .• ~ _ .., a~\-~'! .. ::.J;:::'\5~ - ~~=\)c::\~::t~': W 0 ~~-:::-~~ W:S::.. -1\..J- ""..J= -~~-f"' 0 ~ \= - - I_I I=J."_,_~ O""'~-- ~\ }~ j~ --.--.J:;; ",;:'.:3 0 -IT~~:::J d[\ ~-.r.;fq~~-, _ ~=_\ I~~ :J~:..J;"~_I" '--~ - 1 _ \ __ :.. '--'~~ _, ~ ----.,~:::::::: ~ II r \"'"'i~;~<, _ ~ 1--~~Y)-.:e:;I":::''''''''''_ --. 0.:1- .--!~/...~{ -,. .'~:~.~= -~-'- ( -,='-
--= 1,- 1_1_'-=-e:, .... b:i:.'3' 0 V) 
N ::::::,... ---=.. . _._ 
I.",... -.r -...J"":' __ . •. \

= . , . ") 

• 

.., 
;-

~ 
("') 
CIl 
t:1 

~ 
= II 
., 

=-; . 
::s 

Q)!" III ~8 --
=,1 

OJ 
o 
o 

~ 
en 
.... 

o 
-CD 

c:8~ 
Z=-:Z ~M~ 
III M 
:. 

~~h~ .. ~. ~!:i !--~ () __ 
1- . ,) Z I-:~JF\:~ _~_~_ [ '.' ,... ~ --:: .. r ··~~· l •• J '" _ 

' U' • ~ ~. . . ,' ....... '1 ':,-:.:a, - \~ 1-'" ..I~ti· ;: ;~:~ 
";-;;s:." .J,1. r,,_ 
....... .... 

. -' 
- ,--

~ 
o 
::s 

~ 
II 
'< 

~ 
II 
~ 

sand traps and roughs. 

'-~. ...... PIItIIIr: Once 
on the green, the 
putter is used to hit 
the ball into the hole. 

" \ 
dence is the rigorous schedule the Tritons 
have played this year. 

The United States Golf Associa~ion 
(USGA) uses a ratings systemcaJled "slope" 
to detennine how difficult a course is. A 
110 rating is considered an easy course, 
while PGA West, one of the most difficult 

In addition to the 22 teams, 10 golfers 
from teams that didn't make the tournament 
will compete for the individual crown. 

UCSD's team will be comprised of the 
top-ranked golfer in Division ill. senior 
Jeremy Moe, in the number-one slot. Num-
ber two for the Tritons will be junior Dale 

The centerpiece is the 
par-four 12th, which is 
"if not the most 
photgraphed, then the 
most feared hole at 
Torrey Pines." according 
to Wydra. 

and Sammy Hudson (76.2). 

eOhioWesIy .. 
The second-ranked Bishops, who 
finished 16th in last year's toumey, 
are led by two-time North Coast 
Athletic Conference Player of the 

;:; 

finish. Senior Chris Siadish recorded 
a 75.2 stroke average, while his 
brother, senior Jake Siadish, notched 
a 76.8. Head Coach John Affleck's 
other three include junior Dave 
Andrews (76.5), and two freshmen, 
Chad Houseknecht (76.9) and TIm 
Rose (77.9). 

i 

Hole by Hole Guide to Torrey Pines: UCSD Coach Mike Wydra offers words of wisdom on the course. 
... -. 

• 

et> 
,. .... 

\;.J !.~' 
. ~. 
., 
~ 
1- , 

t 
\ 

.. 

.. 
.... 

~ 

{ 
~ 

• • ~ . 
.. 

1 Par foil, 445 ya"ds. The .~ par-ru opening 
hole in DivIsion III history. Am 
WBJ left to stBt in the middle. 

; t!J(f!/IA It 
.. ( .• 
.• ) , 

.~ Ibo: 
: 

. -

10 Par m, 375 ya"ds. • ArT,1hing hit on the 
pen kicks ,.,. 1nvnedIateIy. 

Hit left of the hole Of It's tro\bIe. 

.,. 

.,. 

~~ 

:rr ,,~ .r . 
. ' .F '- '.. '. .~ 

'- ." .... ~ / 
',: 

.. 

~ t.~ $ 
11>:1# 

'" ~!t"" .. :~~'~ 
":-ffl> l' 

rJ'~ ... 
"", "" 

.Iff;t 

~ 

~; ­~ c)o ~. "'" . • 
I>I>.~ .~ 

..... ~$ 164t 
b 

b 

& 

2 Parfour,350yads.Ashort • hole, not a tlqh par. 
NrfNnere ~ is fine but pins 
left are inaccessible. 

.. 

.t. 

• tt> 
.. 

.. 

~It ~ 
~~ 

11 PiYthree,202yads.1f • it gets a little breezy, 
rnc¥:le a wood and I hate threes 
where you have to hit fumiture. 

I~ 
.. 

• ,.1> 

I 

3. Parthree,170yiYds.Nota tough hole but into the 
wind people tend to pun their 
clubs. 

~&~ 
:: ~.~. 

~ - ' ~ 
~"" ,. 
... 

~ ~~. 
··'2 ~ 

~ 

~ 
~ ~~ 

f> 
~ • $} • ~ .. ,. 

12 ,Pa-fotw,460yaros.The • premiere hole. Uphill 
and into the wind, if you crush a 
dr!Ye you can get near the bunker. 

",. 
biltf 

." .J'~£ 
I> oS "~$ .~ :(1) <'! 
~"'~ll' ... 

.;. ~ '03 
",;;t ~ 

b I> ., 
..!>""<)" ... ""'.~ "" 

I> 

""'~tt 0 I> I~ 
*' 

4. Par four, 443 yards. If you aim ~ to keep it out of 
the deep mugh, you're in the 
btJlker Of blocked I'f the trees, 

~ 
.~ 
~~(~ obo ".,' ~~ ~t~3 S~~ . 
!JI.~~~~ 

~:l:~ ~ 0-;!). 3~l!>-dY 
~~. ->~ ~ ~Q'o 3~. 
_h.~ 
'U~~ ... I!>- ," . ~~~~I'" $-.t>~ . ~ 
* ~ ~ ~~I!?<,> b~ $: .. ~.:.~ .. ~ . 

"Gl!' ~.. • s 

~ 
• ~ 

til 
t!>o ~f ,~ 

:. ~ 
~ 

~fIl'''' 
'i.Z:) . 

i!'!o 
~ 

~~~ 
~ 

13. Parflve, 535yards. Not a difficult drivi~ hole, 
but we'll be us~ an tee to the 

left that carrieS Oller the canyon. 

.~$ {li~ {~ 
tt> " ~~ ~ .( . 
~~ d-b-:;: C/'( 

,/ 

f.J. 

~ ~ ~ <!1~! 
- e~ ~ ~~~ 
,~ ~ ,.i.~ 0/. l~ t:y ~ ~~r .... ,,.;" 

-' ~);::-, "t;~" t: it;f\. ~ 
('!f I ~ 

-~ 
. .I!'t 'I:\' "'" <V' ~ 

.,. mJ 't'I"~ '$ <l' t·· .... ,"" ~.'1"?j. 0 " ... til .... 't) .. ~' .... I'> 
...... )I( ~ "" Q' ,,, ,~"" .. ~~ tl ~~ tl I~ <!" 

5 Par four, 395 yards. Arrt • thing left that's not in 
the bunker is okay, there's more 
room than you think. 

II 

(I 

~. 
.*t c,. . ..., 

.. 
Craig 
Stadler 
Tree 
(If If? 

.,. 

<'> tr 
8 

~ 
r;, 

,~ " 
14 Par four, 396 yards. • It's only 25 yards wide 
from the Stadiertree to the bun-
ker but 40 yC¥'ds wide behind it. 

~ ll>'" 't~~ 

6 Par five, 537 yards. You • need to play the fives 
well .Youcan hit it right, but if you 
hit it in the canyon, you 're dead. 

Q 
~ 

$ 

& 

• 'iJ; 

.'b 
,-:,. 

~~ 
:6 e-t~ 
r!t-

:I 
~ 

~ 

15 Par four, 382 yards. • Not a deep green so if 
you hit short and then use too 
much club, its easy to hit it long. 

t.' ~~~ .$~~~ §~~ ~ ~~$ ~ , ";;, '&~~ 
~ (! or. 
~ 
e 

eJ. 

, ~ 
~!-AIt 

~ 

7 Par four, 436 yards. The . pros averaged 4.54 at the 
Buick, the hardest hole on both 
days. 

.. -~ ~~~~~ ,",'. '"\:;.: .... 
(-....... :., ~~ 

,. '. 
~~ 
~o. §.~ 

~~ ~~ 
~ . .. . ' . e. ~((. ~ 

-~~ 'Tt~ 
~\'tJ 

~~ 
~ 
- ,~ e~ 

~ 
; ~~ 

~. 

~ 

16 Par three, 195 yiYds. • There's fairway but 
anythi~ left will go in the can-
yon. 

~It 
• 
. (' ..... , 

Aft. -' ; --' 
- ' .. ) 

{rf(~ 
~ 

... 
& /.\ 1 f ' -. " . 

,, ' .: 

\ ,/" 

, 
~ 

~ 
~ I22t ~~$~ I?' ~ ~~ '0' ..... ~ .:Jo.~ '-'- {3~ 
i)(~ 

• t.~\' 
8 Par three, 166 yards. The • tendency is to have a lo~ 
putt if you miss club and have 
trouble gettirg on in two. 

~ ~ :' . 
~~" :~ ~\ 
.. . ~ 

~~~ ""~~ ~ ~-~~~ ~~~ 
b~~ ~~(~ 

~ ~ ~.' ~ ~~ ":'~""'Oo 
~\~ (,.~~~ 

-t 
~ 
~ 

~ 
-' ... ~ 

.. 25·~-cr 
: .. 4\ 

II PiY four, 423 yards. • Some pros went to a 
three wood and a longer chi> in 
to keep it shott and ~ 

~-8 ~ 
..$~""$ 

.. ~ :". 
- / '. ~ " 

~ 
.. 

d 
;~ 

~ 
It<'l 

~ 

.. ~ 
~ 

~~ 
.: 
~9t , ~, r .. 

~v 
~ 
J!! 

9 Par five, 525 y;yds. The • green is so sloped that 
a ball an inch above the pin 
won l stay above it. 

't .f ~ . . .... ....cI).I!I- \; ",I'; t,,"" ~ ~ . _ ~ 
. '"'\.; 
~ 

~ $~ 

~ 

18 Par five, 498 yards. • Front left pin slopes 
Into water but behind the ridge is 
actually the most diffteult pin. 



16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17, 1993 

Sail Into Summer Health Care 
at Student Health Service 

When? Effective June 13- Sept. 19, 1993 
Mon.- Fri., 8 am- 12 noon, 1- 4:30, 
except Wed. open at 9:00 am 

How? Walk- in: General Medicine 
Appointments: Dental, Optometry, 

Women's Clinic 
Who is eligible? Continuing undergraduates, graduate and 

medical students, June graduates 
Cost? One time $50 fee for summer care. 

Fee does not include insurance. 
No $50 summer fee required for Dental or 
Optometry Services which are available year 
round on a fee for service basis. 

Insurance? Undergraduates may enroll in the Voluntary 
Insurance Plan (VIP) for $209. VIP includes 
outpatient referral, emergency coverage and 
hospitalization. Continuing graduate and 
medical students are enrolled in GSHIP for 
the summer. 

Sign up now at Student Health Service 
General Infonnation: 543-3300 
Insurance Infonnation: 534-2123 
Women's Clinic: 534-2669 
Dental Group: 534-2080 
Optometry: 534-2602 

SUMMER 
SMART 

COOL CLASSES 
START J U N E 1 4 
AT CITY MESA AND 
MIRAMAR COLLEGES 
ENROLL NOW! INFO: 584-6500 

• 

"BAD POLITICIANS- ARE 
ELECTED BY GOOD PEOPLE 

WHO DON'T VOTE." 
William E. Simon 

Nominations are open for the 

1993-94 GRADUATE STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION OFFICERS 

Nominations will close on May 25th 
during the GSA Council Meeting 

Offices open for nomination include: 
PRESIDENT 

VICE-PRESIDENT INTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT EXTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT FINANCE 

Elections will be held during the May 25th meeting in the Student 
Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 6 p.m. 

All candidates will give a three minute speech. 

Job descriptions are available from the GSA Office in the Student 
Center or call 534-6504 for further information. 

Al! currently enrolled grad students are encouraged to participate . 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD: TELL 
YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TO VOTEI 

Linguistics Department 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
FRENCH 
GERMAN 
SPANISH 

15 UNITS 
IN 6 WEEKS 

(June 21-July 30, 1993) 

Ling/French SA: (equi. to lA/AX): June 21-July 2, 1993 
Ling/French 50: (equl. to 10/OX): June 21-July 2, 1993 
Ling/French 5B: (equl. to lB/BX): July 6-July 16, 1993 
Ling/French 5C: (equl. to lC/CX): July 19-July 30. 1993 

ling/German SA; (equi. to WAX): June 21-July 2, 1993 
ling/German SD: (equi. to 1D/DX): June 21-July 2, 1993 
ling/German SB: (equi. to 1B/BX): July &July 16, 1993 
ling/German SC: (equi. to 1C/ex): July 19.July 30, 1993 

Ling/Spanish 5A: (equi. to 1A/AXJ: June 21-July 2, 1993 
Ling/Spanish 58: (equi. to 18/8X): July 6-July 16, 1993 
ling/Spanish 5C: (equi. to 1C/CX): July i9-July 30, 1993 
ling/Spanish 58: (equl. to 18/8X): June 21-July 2, 1993 
ling/Spanish 5C: (equl. to iC/CX): July 6-July 16, 1993 
lin S anish 50: ( ui. to 10 0 : Ju 19-Jul 30, 1993 

Monday, May 17,1993 

GOSPEL: Paying 
homage to the Schillerites 
ContInued from pille 4 
one of the larger fields of study in 
social science. Established thanks to 
the effons of Herbert Schiller in 1971, 
the Communication Depanmem is 
the sixth largest diSCipline at UCSD, 
boasting 32 faculty members and 599 
students. 

The- scope of the Communication 
major is far too broad to deal with 
adequately h reo Suffice it to say, the 
major addresses virtually every 
subject relating to the science of 
Communication, whether it be the 
impact of popular culture, the 
intricacies of media regulation and 
technology or the inner-workings of a 
newsroom or television studio. 

I will be veI)'up-front withmyfeelings 
aboutcommunications,soastofacilitate 
quick and easy deconsbUCtion of this 
writing for the watchdogs and Comm-
apologists.ldonOl IikeCommunication. 
It is jargon-laden blather, outmoded 
sociali t bilge and pseudo-intellectual 
hocus-pocus. It is obsessed with mart-
sounding words, such as "hegemony," 
"ethnocenni m" and "hierarchy,"which 
are used in contexts unintelligible to all 
but the most devout ghost -chaser. 

The truth is, I believe any major 
that offers classes in which the 
homework consists of watching 
episodes of Beverly Hills 90210 is not 
worthy of my re peet or the state's 
money. f am not, nor have fever been, 
a Communication major. Never-
theless, I maintain a perverse 
fascination with the Communication 
Department, perhaps because it is the 
closest thing to a Journalism 
Department this university has. and I 
do have an intere t in journalism. 

Today, journalists rank slightly 
above lawyer and politicians in 
popularity with the general public. 
Why? Because everyone thinks the 
new papers are biased. [n that sense, 
Communication Professor Emeritus 
Herbell Schiller's gospel has achieved 
at least some acceptance by the 
masses. Butthis gives too much credit 

~here very little is due. Anyone who 
thinks journalists are unbiased is a 
jackass, plain and simple. In short, 
anyone with a modicum of common 
sense knows that the media cannot be 
completely trusted. 

So what's the problem? Forstarters, 
Communication students lack 
common sense. To them, every grassy 
knoll has a second gunman. every 
parking garage a "DeepThroar,"every 
story an ulterior motive, every word a 
hidden meaning. 

For all its theoretical bluster and 
high-falutin pronouncements about 
nefarious corporate interests 
maintaining a tight leash on the truth, 
the inherent conservatism of sports, 
tilt social significance of Taxi or the 
evilsofderegularion, Communication 
offers one basic truth which is often 
obscured by its own self·importance 
and lost on students too busy looking 
for hidden messages from the 
Hegemon to notice: people have 
interests, and those interests are 
reflected in how they convey 
infonnation. 

That's it. People have interests. 
They are biased. They have prejudices 
and fears. Itso happens thatjoumalisls 
have prejudices and biases as well 
The difference is that journalists are 
held to a higher standard. Journalists 
are expected to be objective. They 
aren't supposed to take sides. and 
when they do, they are excoriated as 
panisan and unprofessional. 

The Gospel of Schiller tell u that 
journali t cannot be objective. Ah, 
the truth at last! But wait. What doth 
the Prophet preach? The joumali t i 
not human, but a puppet. His actions 

are manipUlated by MBAs in large 
corporate boardrooms. His copy is 
written and rewritten by agenda-
setters and poll-watchers. 

Listening to a Communication 
major explain the principles of his or 
her discipline is like listening to a 
child argue that babies are delivered 
by storks or that the eanh is shaped 
like an avocado. Perhaps more 
accurately, Communication majors 
are like the insane pamphleteers 
swanning the airports and public 
parks, proclaiming the end is nigh. 

When their professors tell them to 
question authority, they dutifully write 
in their notebooks, "Question 
Authority." Such knowledge is readily 
and eagerly applied everywhere else, it 
seems, but the classroom. When the 
professorsays, "The media is dominated 
by profit-hungry corporations who will 
nOlallowtheirinterests to be put at risk," 
they write it down. 

Communication majors like to rant 
about how the public is being 
deceived. I suspectthis has to do more 
with the fact that most Communication 
majors like to hear themselves talk 
than any actual media conspiracy. 
The truth, as the sages say. is where 
you find it - and Communication 
scholars choose to find their truth in 

The UCSD Guardian 

the pages of the Nation. Whether any 
of them have spent any lime in a 
newsroom, I cannot say for certain. 

A safe bet. I think, would be to 
assume most have nOl. The reason 
probably has more to do with fear and 
prejudice than anything else. Fear of 
being corrupted by the capitalist-
oppressor corporate structure, I 
suppose. At bottom, I suspect this fear 
has more to do with the risk of having 
their finely-crafted belief systems 
shattered by the real world. 

Indeed, what are Communication 
majors if not elites studying other elites? 
They are special elites, to be sure -
latter-day pharisees and money-
changers in the temple of mass media 
Hearthempreach thegospel of accuracy, 
truth and equality to the masses who 
cannOl possibly understand. 

Well,I 'veneverbeenonetostopan 
elitist from doing his or her thing. The 
Schillerites are fun for a while,just as 
your Crazy Uncle Ed is fun, until he 
tells you for the hundredth time how 
the Post Office is reading his mail or 
how the satellites are trained on his 
dog. Eventually, you just nod your 
head and utter a silent thanks for your 
sanity. And so it goes for Comm 
majors. May the Hegemon have mercy 
on their souls. 

ATTENTION 
GRADUATE STUDENTS: 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

WILL BE HELD ON 

Date; Sunday, June 13, 1993 
Place; University Price Center Ballroom 
Time; 12 Noon 

Ph.D., M.F.A., and Masters degrees conferred 

Reception: Unillersity Price Center Plaza 

Students who have completed all requirements by Friday, June 4, 
and are eligible to panicipate should contact OGSR at x43436. 
Contact the bookstore for cap and gown remals at x44568. 

• • • I 
, - . . - . 

• ~. I • I •• - , I _ • ,. I I 
., .-

I • 

fSISSl1jrI ~ , • • • 
ooNLI6 • ~. 

•• 
-Warren' College 4. 

Semi-formal • 
"'. May 27, 1993 I ,. 

8:00-11:00 " • 
TIx on sale now I -

• 
at the PrIce -, 

Center box office, • 4 
only $IO! ., 

"'. •• I 
... ,-

OPlNlON17 

• Dr. "'.y O.D. 
",., on ear. 

Serving 
LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 
MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
- --T------,------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL : Dall, Wssimp'ete : COMBO SET : 

INCLUDES I OC Science I $35.00 OFF I 
• Eye exam utllIded W .. Complete 
• Fashion frames I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I I I combo. Choose from I • Precision ground B & L 04 I I t' f 

lenses S. v. I Disposables I a arge se ec Ion 0 I 
I $9900 I $139~' I f~_"dI.~~ I : : Ri~~~~:~r~~n : $35~~F : L _ COMPLET':' _1. stock~OUpon Exp;~'~ J. ______ ..J 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 

~~9gS~~~92~~ , 
All 93 model bikes 1 0% Off! • 

All shorts 15% OH! 
All Oakley Eyewear 15% Off! 

All Continental Road and ATB Tires 15% OH! 
All Giro Helmets at close out prices! 

limiiod 10 siod on hood. 
Solo end. 5/28/93. 

B i " 
S h () P 

In the Student Center • Open 10-5 Mon.-Fri. 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

Irh(/I is I'll/II' h(fir duill,l! 
Ib(/I Iwi W{IIII illu 
cu/lll II Ill' duillg .' 

" ' b(/I is IYlllr b{/ir 
duillg llilll.lw/ tlm/'I 
1/ '(//1/ il III lx' dui/~1.!, .~ 

\rcl/lid I 'U/l W'(' SIIII/('-
Ibil',1.!, li('/{' {/luI cI(l/i,,.('1/1 ? 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts WomensCuts 

$4 $5 
OFF OFF 

J 

I 



,. 

18 SPORTS 

-

" 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17,1993 

-~-

The Rock Gives 
Tritons the Slip 
WOMEN'S "'. EN POut UCSD falls to Slippery Rock in Collegiate 
National semi-final, 9-8; captures third place by beating SDSU, 9.{j 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

With three consecutive national champion-
ships safely in his pocket, Head Coach Denny 
Harper and his lady Tritons fmally relinquished 
their stronghold on the women's WaJer polo title, 
losing two close games to fmalist Slippery Rock 
and evenrual champion UC Davis. 

The Triton<ltraveled northtonwnber -ooeranked 
UC Davis this weekend for the 1993 USA Colle-
giate Women's WaJer Polo Nationals in their 
efforts to continue the national title streak. 

San Diego, seeded 'third overall. was forced to 
play in the tournament's toughest bracket Hitting 
the challenge head-oo, the Tritons opened their 
flJ'St round by destroying the Gauchos ofUC Santa 
Barbara, 12-6. The Tritons defensive intensity and 
an unstoppable counterattack propelled the on-
slaught 

Riding a wave of momentum, UCSD made 
mincemeat of its second round of opponents, the 
Michigan Wolverines, by a soon: of 13-3. Goal-
keeper Leona Mason and the Tritons' stubborn 
defense stonewalled Michigan's water-logged of-
fensive effort while concurrently mounting an 
impressive offensive attack of their own. UCSD 
led II ~ going itto the secorxl half, before merci-
fuUy surrendering three goals to the hapless Wol-
verines. 

out' call on the next play down the pool and 
inunediately capitaliud. tying the score and send-
ing the game into overtime. The Tritons could not 
match the Rock's final goal, losing 9-8. After-
wards. Harper felt that the referees may have cost 
the Tritons the game. 

"It is not a case of sour grapes," said Harper. 
"But the referee's [calls] hurt us real bad. [tfelt like 
we had victory snatched from us." 

With the tournament's double elimination for-
mat, the Tritons faced the fllSl bracket's winner UC 
Davis fora shot at the championship game. UCSD 
played the Aggies close, but could not corral a 
victory, losing 8-6. 

"Every facet of our game, with the exception of 
six-oo-fives, was very good," said Harper. "We 
were two for eleven on [man-up situations]. We 
could not fmd the free person when we needed to." 

The loss pined UCSD against cross-town rival 
SDSU for third place. The Tritons, "bummed" by 
not making the championship game, played unin-
spired polo for the flJ'St three quarters. 

But. after a Harper pep talk, UCSD came out 
'jazzed" for the fourth quarter, overcoming San 
Diego State's two-goal lead and captwing third by 
a score of 9-6. Freshman Jennifer Payne scored 
three of the five unanswered Triton goals. 

Hole-setter Julie Swail was selected to the flJ'St 
team AU-Tournament team and driver Alison 
Westfall made the second team All-Tournament 
team. 

Dan Mdloweli/GUBldfan 
Leona Mason's goaltenclng helped the Tritons take third at the Collegiate Nationals. 

Thewinssent UCSDintothesemi-fmalsagainst 
nwnber-two ranked Slippery Rock. The Rock 
jumped out to a quick lead, but UCSD valiandy 
fought its way back behind Alison Westfall's 
three-goal perfonnance, and took the lead for the 
flJ'St time with 42 seconds left in regulation play. 

Slippery Rock drew a very controversial kick 

• 'We were clearly the only learn that could have 
beaten Davis in the championship," said Harper. 
"But I guess we can't win it every year. Humility 
is a good thing every once in a while. We had a very 
satisfying season." 

AnENTION DeSD GRADSI 
Welve Gol A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

\')\tGO 
~ 
i 

CONTACT LENSES 
WITH 

EXAMINATION 
AND 

FOLLOW UP CARE 

$90/$180 
DAilY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

APPLIES TO SOFT, 
NON·ASTIGMATIC ONLY 

GAS PERMEABLE, nNTED, 
ASTIGMATIC & DISPOSABL£ PkG 

~ 
DELMAR 

OPTOMETRIC CUNIC 
DR. GREGORY GRAHAM 

Call 755-5484 
1349 Camino Del Mar 
2 Miles North on 101 

UCSD Alumni 
c..,"", be (04'I~nec! ""h ,,"gnec! In ... ,,, • . 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concern, but seiling 

what you sell Is. 
S FM MI.u ' .114:1 •• 

----------- III~ N A I L S P EC/ALS 
ACRYLIC $18.99 NAILS Reg. $35 J $24.95 np Ow""V Reg. $45 

Ails $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Abergl ... Nalls with T1~ $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures It PedIcures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

ManIcures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

... AND WOIIIII 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • ~5081 
........ .,.,,0IIIIr'*'- EJqIIIM5I311t3 

--------------------, 
I" Unplanned Pregnancy? 

Decisions to Make? 
Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ... We Can Help You 

277 S. RMcho s.. Fe All. 
81*8 Slnw.-,CA_ 

744-1313 

Monday, May 17, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Mindful Tritons Cap Off Successful Season 
TRACK II FELD: Washington and Taylor steal competitive CCAA conference titles 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Antagonists abound in the midst of 
competition. A rival competitor, tortu-
ous conditions or a ticking clock can 
hurl waves of resistance, but perhaps the 
greatest assailant to prey on the suscep-
tible athlete is the mind. Defeating 
doubts, extinguishing anxieties and 
mastering mental baniers often atfmn 
the difference between bitter tears or a 
place on the winner's podium. 

Excellent conditioning and power-
ful psyche propelled the Tritons' stellar 
season-ending performance at the 1993 
CCAA Track and Field Conference 
Championships held last weekend at 
UC San Diego. 

"It is diffteult to prepare an athlete 
for the day of the meet," said Triton 
Track and Field Head Coach Tony 
Salerno. "With the waiting and wann-
ups, it usually gives [competitors] 
enough time to think about things, which 
isn't always that good. Our people did a 
grcatjob." 

TheDivisionIllTritonwomen(60.5) 

finished fifth overall, behind Division n 
schools Cal Poly Pomona (68), Cal 
Stale Bakersfield (87), Cal Poly SLO 
(I 72) and Cal State LosAngeles ( 184.5). 

Erica Washington captured a con-
ference title in the 200 meters, pulling 
away from the field in 25.11 seconds. 
She also seized third in the 100 meters 
(12.26) behind CSLA woman-athlete-
of-the-meet Marsha Guialdo (11.96). 

ReneeSprowllengthencdherschool 
record in the longjwnp (18'3.25") fUl-
ishing second and nailed fourth overall 
in the triple jump (35'3.25"). Michele 
Domico(16'3.25".34'3'')andAmanda 
Levin (15'9", 33'9.5'') also competed 
in the jump double. 

Karen Hinkle (seventh,IO:17.26) 
outJegged partner Wafa Hanna 
(eighth, 1 0: 18.46) to record her first pre-
visional Division III National qualify-
ing time in the 3,000 meters. Kathleen 
Carl(nintb.11 ~.84 ),JaneZinvnennan 
(tenth, 11:10.80) and DanieUe Eigner 
(twelfth,12:04.59)roundedoutthefield 
forUCSD. 

A run on fourth place started with 

What Hangs Four 
and Loves Wax? 

Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball, 
blondes, and 
convertibles. 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they ' re 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 

~ very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cas ette 
that'll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment, low monthly payment, first-time buyer, and 
college grad' programs, they're easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at San Diego 's European Auto Center 
and register to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.· 

Seethe 
All New 
Jetta", 
Today! 

CORNES MOTORS 
Auto Center 

Special 
VWLow 
Payment 

Planl 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile Weat of 1-15 
• M~beO\'ft' 11_~clCAw"¥lhd CAdriwenlit.1O _ ~,.m.lCaalf)'lOmIrr 

Jennifer Cullen in the 10,000 meters 
(40:51.86), Michaela Monahan in the 
4OO-meter hurdles (I :06.88) and both 
the4x looand4x400relayteams(49.2l, 
4:13.36). 

The Triton men managed a fourth-
place ftnislr(89) behind Pomona (106), 
CSLA (115) and powerhouse Cal Poly 
SLO(2O!). 

Jeff Taylor led the men's squad, 
hurling the hammer 201 '2" and pocket-
ing his own conference title. Taylor also 
garnered sixth in the discus (136'3''). 

Transfer Matt Inskeep, the Division 
III leader in the decathlon, competed in 
the 11 (}.meter high hurdles (second, 
15.01), javelin (third, 172'11''). pole 
vauk (founh, 14'7.25'') and Ioogjump 
(sixth, 22'3.75''). 

Jeff Schnitz ended up second in the 
javelin (182'6''), JJ. Castner flllished 
third in the 5,<XXl meters (14:51.21 ) and 
Jeff Hernandez ran third in the 3,<xx>-
meter steeplechase (9:23.95). 

Damian Coleman suffered an ankle 
injury during the triple jwnp and re-
mains questionable for nationals. 

Sing 
with the 

La Jolla 
Symphony Chorus 

(aka Music 95-D) 
()PE~ 

REHEARSAL 
Monday, May 17 
B-21O, Mandeville Ctr. 

7 p.m. 

'Iris 
Munkll 
Vicnna 
London Amsteru ... 
f~:~~k:k~ooa .ic;.,_-.c.C-'-" . 

I Student "'(us nw be: required. 
,,,,.,,.., I6IIICtI IMIw. 

Council Travel 
Open Mon .• Tues., Thurs., Fri . 9·5 

Wed., 10-5. Sat. 10-2 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 
Spring Computer 

SALE 
M,,', PC', 

P_,...16SC 4116 .... ~9(NJ::W) 
~"" ........... ......•. 169S(U1M) 
HDlGOWB BCal (l.V.CQ .•.. S449(N_) 
fCN ........ .............. ......... I6,~ 
c- 170 MIl NO 1DE. ... S2I 9(NEW) 
c-l20 MIl HO. 1DE. .. II"(N!W) 
IIPID.-. 5MB ......... II"J(NEW) 
HP .... ~ .......... ....... IDS(UIe') 
'216-1' "'1.2 PO '5"'8"0, 
YOA CIIIr ............. ... .............. 1369(t1lld) 
PII2 ~ _ ....................... .,.., (II1II..,.,., ......... a .... _> 

ca.Nlwau.. ....... .,..... 
..,... 

"" ... « ..... ....... 
..NlJC .. ..... 

N_ ..... O $ •• J"'·~U21 

Saul UMne/G~ 
Matt Inskeep and the 4x400 relay team placed fourth on Saturday. 

Thl 
Omclal Proto" 

Intensl"e 
Joumal· 

Woftshops 

] J J I 
"The Intensive Journal is one of the greatest inventions 

of our time .• - Joseph Campbell 
More than 25Q,(XX) persons have taken this structured 

method of journaling. Much more than a diary, it 
provides simple methods for organizing life experiences. 

Upcoming Workshops 
Memorial Weekend, May 28-31 

"Ufe Context" and "Depth Contact" Commuter Workshops 
Irvine Marketplace--across from UCI; Fees $125; $115; $215 for both 

June 25-27 
ANure Experience" Workshop will be held at UC San Diego 

Fee $185 + Lodging + Parking 
Discount .. for UC Faculty & Staff, Seniors and Full-Time Students wilD 

Information (714) 968-8302 
WIlli. IKIII!I" on or near !hl University 01 Calilornia hi .. been grltlously provld.d. !hHe worllihops lr. 

officially _rtd by CrllllY. Consortium and no! sponsor.d by the University 01 ClHlornll . 

HAYI 1 .. 1 I'll IlITII 
TI Illr lilTIIIC 

IISIIIS 'IUR CLASSES ••• 

STAIT I'Lllllla .1' FII 
THI 1IIIlL IltlLLE 
WITIIIILIII'IIEIT 

IITtl 'IR IIRI .ITIILS 
II tiLL Til RIIILLI 

PI.'.ST ."Itl IT 
53'·3'~ 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need an on-campua NoIIry PubIc? If 10. 
eaI 517-71111. (1/406'3) 

WIINn C*CII Seml-Fonn.I ......... Maaft. 
__ 17 ... 11 p.m. TIdtoeIIll0Maa.c... 
(1IHII4I 
'filii CIwt8IIIn FtICMIIip CIIftIt' needa ... 
tIonI 01 .. IdnIIt III 1IIIp" ,.." IIId .......... 
PICk-up .. tar fIOoI1nO. CIIunIII peIII. orIIId pIInG. 
CMI booIIcMN. lie. MY ooncI1Ion. Cell: "-
DIriII P. LanIII (l1I1)~. (!o'HI3) 

8()«. ~ PIIaI. 8IIuIIIIIaMI. DIIIII. Your '-III .... ____ .a.. __ _ 

..... FuI t.r. ___ IDr UCSO IUIInIIII San 
0IIg0'a onIr rtOIHIIIIIItIng IIPOIII-and gill ... The 
V.a.t Comer 01 GIn MIl CaM St. In Pacitc 
a.:ttt (5113-5120) 

TI8WeIng 10 San I..uIa 0bIep0"" 21·23 ..... 
...... 101 3 ""*' III .,.. In low gao _ . Cal 
"1215. (5113-5120) 

You1"dg'lt The VoIIoybwandGr1I ... s.n DIego's 
0I'iIt non-amolclng spOIII W .,., gill. Grand IIld 
CaM. SI. Pac:iIic: Beachl (5113-5120) 

DANCERSI TrtIon DIInce T_ Tryouts· Sat. MIIy 
22. 12·3 p.m. Noo1h e.tconr. WORKSHOPS: Mon. 
5117. 8p.m .• RIle. ConI. Am:T_.s/I8.11 p.m. Rae. 
ConI. Rm: TIus. 5120. 8:30 p.m .. West Bak:ony. 
Worbhope will cover -.IeI.....-.y. Cal 552· 
0888 or 5117-8772 for moNlnto. (5117-5/20) 

"SUI1M' SWIp Meet.~ . ..., 23. 11183. 8 
a.m .... p.m .• benellts CALIFORNIA SURF MU-
SEUM. 308 NOI1h PacItc SIrwt. 0cIenIIcIe 112054 
. F,.. AIIm~oodIMuIIc: • Advance .... r 
IpaON $1511am11y. ~lers . Information: 8111-
72H1II78. (5117·5120) 

How many questiOns did you ptedicI on your last 
~rm? MOl ~ pt.cIIcIed 75%. Enrol in 
MIIlhocIs 01 Inquiry. TMC 10: course code 181274: 
2 unlll: MIN 3-3:50. (5117) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Sw..uNG INSmUCTORS. Earn $12·$14 J)'Ior. 
Dot1Un SWimming Lessons. Flex hours. all ...... 
calf Gr.;. (619) 491..t837. (4119-5117) 

ALASKA StJMIER EIIPLOYIIENT - fISheries. 
Earn $8OO+/Week in canneries or $4.OOO+ImontIt 
on ftlltlng _ . Free 1IW1IpOI1aIion! Room & boMIl 
..... 01 Female. For emplOyment program cal 1· 
206-54S ... ,55 ellt. -'5878. (5!3-5120) 

FINANCIAL PLANNERS ASSISTANT - PfT 
SUmmer job opportuni ... Client ~ • no 
saIeI 01 appnt. selling. ~r 1IUIIIGIMd. PIid 
tnllning & boltUlM. Fleldble 1IOIfts: Sun-Tltun 8-9 
p.m. Phone experfence helptul. WESTERN 
FINANCIAL PLANNING. Contact SItartena Of 
SUsan days/evenings 411-0275 01_ meISIIII8 
484-5717. (511()'5I2O) 
Sales hatp wantlld. Chltcnn·. ctoIting stor. in La 
Jolla + Pacific BaKh. CaJI459-48n. (5113-5117) 

Female Athlelel- We want youonourl.aml Mak, 
good money. go on IOU". promotions. n:. Become 
a Pu .. Platinum -Foxy Boxer,' Contact Pizazz Inl'l. 
Talent Agency. Ernie 278·9969. (5113-611) 

OJ ~. Exparlenoe and library. must· Aduh 
Entlllainmenl NIgIotilb. Pizzazz 1nt'ITaient Aqerof 
278-9989. (5113-611) 
POSTALJOBSAVAILABlEI Manyposltions. O,..t 
benenlS. can 1·1IQ().436-4365 ellt. P·3387. (5113-51 
24) 

ADVERTISING: Sales 10 local nightclubs. 
restauranls . slores. elc . on an Inleractlve 
compulerized Inlormallon sysfem to b. 
inslalled at Ihe Price Center. Infosystems 
USA needs 2 enfrepreneurlal people fulltlme 
for summer or beyond wtth drive. vision. 
ambitious goafs and wett groomed. We are 
an aUlhorized IBM busln .. s partner 
.peclali zlng in multimedia technology . High 
commissions + bonuses cr. ate large Income. 
Call 689·6149 for more detail on this exciting 
career opportunity. (5117-5/20) 

caregiver for handicapped ChIld. Flexible summer 
and school year hours. Pattence. lOve. rete .. nces 
please. 259·7876. (5117,5127) 

DanfelI~_.DeI"'TV._Int_ 
for Summer/Fall. Position ental II producing. 
shooting. writing and reponing 1OcaI_~ 
and I/OoWs Of communltylnterftl. Con1ac1 AlP 01 
ASIO. (5117,5120) 

TeIepItone Rep. patI·.me tor large hMIJItcare 
organIzetiOnin lJIJoIIa. MalUanglki"~but 
not __ ry. Wlltrain. Flexfble houri. Monday· 
Friday. 457·6578. (5117) 

Elderty disabled needs c:ate1U1 driver 10 UCSD 31 
_ty. Bonus. can toaIp ltudent'S EngIIIt. 4511-
5179 ..... La Jolla. (51t7·5I2O) 

WTiRNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT - MaIca money 
t8llCl1ing I)UiCconveraaortaI EngIIIo_. Japan 
and Taiwan. Make S2.QCIOo$4,ooo. 1* month. 
Many provide room & bOW + ollter banefllli No 
preyious training 01 leacltlng certtcate r.quI..cI . 
For International Employment program. call the 
International Employment Group: (208) 632·1 t 48 
exl. J5976. (5117,5127) 

CRUlSESHlPSNOWt....o-Earnupto$2.ooo.I 
month + wortd travel. HolIday. Summar and ca,..r 
employmenl a"lIbIe. No e~ _sary. 
For employment program cal 1·208-834.Q4418 ext 
C5978. (5117·5120) 

PatI·ame. summer posi1IOn. ,..1 ..... non-praIIt 
bicycle and traveflllOp. AWl In palWtllAmalloalt 
YouIItHaallll.335W.BaKh. __ s.n DIego. 
(5117·5120) 

Part-ime lalealomce hatp. NMCI r.sponsIbIepnon 
for Inside .... data entry . ~ tImtnIlGIIeduIing. 
milC. omce WOIk. Compu1er pPIrierICI ~. 
FlexiblellOurl. minu1el fIOmcampu • . 17.50-• • 751 
hr. 457·1130 .212. (5117' 5120) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymenl in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,and3pm.MondayforThursday'sissue.TheGwudianreservestherighttorefuse · 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
calI534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGwudian,Attn:Classijieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92~3'()316.Actual address: Student.Center A, topfloor. 

I 

SERVICES 
lrMtIgIatooo ~ 25'11. diIcounIlII ..... a Taking .. weAT In ~ T_ UCSD's 
stall: ConIuIIdon 125: FIELD 271·7711 . (5117) WCAT REV£W COURSE. s... on ~ raIIl 

• 452~. (5113-5127) 
WI. 'YI» .",..., .",wng. IUIO a PIQI. EdItIng 

I I .'~,' • • 00 you.- an."...,.",.,., -.y PubIc? If so. RoIeIbIadoI Z303 Ii.z. 7.5. UQ NEW . ... sao 
.,..587·71111. (1/4-&'3) o.b.o. 822·18111. (5113-5117) 

WANTED PASSPORT PICTURESI Only ~.115. \Mit. you 
.... X_ and more. Near SI. Gemtain·l . 452· 
_ . (1I1N13) 

VIOIIIW\IIoIa ~ You 01 your clitd(rwn) can 
IMm 110m an expeIfancecI. proIeuIonaI teacIoer. 
Now -.ping ...... - aI agee IIld ....... 
welcGmel Cal Cornet 411-0525. (~) 

Need ~ prooeuIng done? WII do art)' 
II,. jab. art)' 'YI» of jab. I wi. aIIo do editing If 
needed OIW8I1ted. Cal CatoI481-63&4 evenings. 
(411-613) 

TERIIPAPERSlntEllSIIlESUllEllIDon'waall 
money & time at do·H·yourseft cenl8r1. RELAX. leI 
us do your -a-procHSIng. halt the COlt haH II1a 
dmel Free pickup + de' ",ry. (619) 292·_ (24 
hrs.) (41111-613) 

Wood ProcessInglTyplng: Academic rnnolClfpll. 
papora.tt.M._. __ .~.Aa:u_ 
Fast...w:.. Mary Ann 452-1439. (51806/3) 

WORD """"''''l. Ally type 01 size jab. a..t, 
WItting and edting. laoer printout. Kathy. 454-
8187. (511H13) 

OUARANTEED ... Two Wdent ~be .-ded 
for tal project Your group GUARANTEED 8I1ea11 
$400.00 . .... t call BEFORE END OF TERMI 1-
80().932.0528. Ext. 91. (5Il()'5I17) 

PHYSICSIIIATH TUTOR. -.. in phyIica with 
TAexparlencOl. SI511v.~. (5Ilo.M) 
Earnuplllllo.000monl1ly·noi_busl..u 
oppclfUtIty: _ a 9OOCI. Recortled details 585-
_ . 15I1()'5I27) 

WORD PROCESSING · 15 years. Fill I8tYfce 
specialzlng In """ papers . ..... mes. laMr print-
outs. Ginn, 483-6882. (5113-611) 

TUlOlfng • Frtenclfy. expert help In compuln. In-
cluding VisuaButc. PaocaI. ClCH. Aseembty. Call 
anytime. GrIg. 558-2S43. (5113·5124) 

HAIR. LASHES. NAILS. ETC. The best care in La 
Joaa 1& yours for a super sa_ pricel SALON DE 
NOtE. 413-2512. (5113-5124) 

GRAD PHOTOSI Sean:Io thI. Iaaua lOt the 1 HR. 
MOTO PHOTO ad. or call 55&-16S1O. (5113·5124) 

~. Profellforoal. matu .. wortdngwoman 
with .. '-as. 0..1,1. no",smolclng. reliable. WIll 
give loving care 10 your hOIne and pall. minimum 
one month. 944-1050 before 9 p.m. please. (5113-
513) 

IncIIIfalaII _ au'" from ~. To be 
inc:WMIln a drugIeea ......at 1IUdy. Dr. Finley 
452·2882. (4/22·5117) 

12 GAUGE PERSUASION Is looking lOt ....... 
~pIayer. SlMdyGigs. fufllcl~llyIe. 
Cal 825-7950. (4129-5124' 

RocIcIFunWR80Q8' band ..... molvlled gultarisl 
and drummerlother musldans. Cal Jim 792·21183. 
(5If.5I17) 

WANTED. Housesll1lng position. Pro1esslonal. 
matu .. worIdng woman with .. lerences wil give 
IoWog c:ate to your home and pelll. Qulal. n0n-
smoking. r~. Minimum one month. ll44-105O 
betoN II p.m. plea ... (5113-613) 

war-tl "-ttl IlIvorcIcI? Mom no! ..manted? 
p ....... In _ 1UIy. Could win 1100. 
.' I • I . < _ . ! . .i . r..fj 

FOR SALE 
SCOOTER: I. HondaEIle 150. IookIIIunI good. 
S750 01 bell. 4t1().1147. (41&5120) 

a.tJoeas 101 ..... SpIoVs '-. --._Gtood 
.... lOIcItIIp: rr ...... 7V _ BGIIO.1!If36'27) 

CANNONOALE58cm. 14epd road bIIw. l05graupo 
(except HoD- new UIIegno 8001 • BB (lJN.71 
cartlidge). Anal new MavIc MMO 321oo1e rfme. 
$325.00. Todd. 558-1821 . (513-5117) 

Futon. !tame '75. ~ mal 081 sao. Sola + 
1oveIMI12OO. Can de...., 578-8244. (5f3.8/3) 

Scltwinn lD1p road big. straight hendl_rs. 
metalic 11M. sao. VCR. Samsung VHS. bIIICM. 
$130. 483-28IM. (5Il()'5I17) 

Stereo. Magnavox InIagraIIId ."IIm. double". 
CD. etc .. $130. VCR. Samtung VH6. black. 5130. 
413-_. (5Il().!5117) 

CompuIaraCustomizeCIlOlyour_ needs. UmlIeCI 
supply.1IrWtd r.w. CallOIprIoe. Patrick 5511.e38. 
(511()'5117) 

Women's hIIdng boaIs ..... 8. worn but "Igood lie 
left In them. AnIde ijgIt. excaIent IIaIan brand. 
Vlbtam solei. $20. 534-34811 daya. (5Il()'5I2O) 

BED. DESK. DRESSER • $40 eaCh o.b.o. 
MACMOSH PM w/ 1IOftwIre. IIIrtIdttvl . ssso. 
Alee 455-0384. (511 ()'5120) 

OIddmaWlaolne83.~. 9 plndot"*"" 
prin,.,. with ......... -*'>nIco ..... . computer 
_ . SlMdy . ...... must __ 145. Cal Jed< II 
452-8373. (5113-5120, 

seoa with 4118"*1180. 8·aurtloMlseo. 0Iympc 
bench w/ ....,..1150. 457·n17. (5113-5120) 

~PWcon..,..,tarsale.~e_1 
drive. modem. _ . lmagewr1IIrll potnler. Peofect 
fOr wom PIOCISIIng. S750. Call John at 558·8208. 
(5117) 

BId - lUI. IIgIttwOOd wlheadboartl • IUton. ike 
new.1*d $430. ukS300. neg .. 792-6357. (5117-61 
3) 

Fly 10 SF. Depan 5121. rwtum 5123 \0 San Otego. 
$130.00 o.b.O. 458-5088. (5117·5120) 

DnkwriIer. HP 300dpI printIo' for Maci_ . ... tIt 
__ and "* CIItridgoo $220.00. 483-211'. 
(5117·5124) 

I'r Ruaty ric1d1f18 *'-s. $2110. 8'3" XAHADU. no 
dnga "50. Cal Homan 411-4380. (5117.5/24) 

McMng:r.taowave._·sgollcUla.1oouoeIooId 
1Iema. AJ. muaI goIlhnda 452·7504. (5117.5120) 

PRINTER. FuJlsu OX 2100: 7 pin. NLO. CXJIor 
CllpllbiI1y. WorIca gIMIl SIlO o.b.o. Cal 822-071 a. 
(5I1HI20) 

Monday, May 17,1993 

ROUENILADES TNT ~. IIaItIy UNd. SIze • 
man·s. $tOO o.b.o.: w...n booII. ieIIIIat. Size 
9.5M,_· •. goodClOl'd .. $460.b.o.:44Ce_. 
$20 o.b.o.: caIIUM71' 01457-221 • . (5117-11120) 
s.n,o I8fr1geralOl. 2.5 cubic f .... SSO. Cal 455-
0111. (5I17-!5I24) 
MOVING TO AlASKA SALE. Twln __ .box 
spring 1eO.00IMI. six cinder bIodcI • 111.50 eel 
$2.50 · set: 6-d_doII< . $30.00: computer doll< 
WI prinW 1ItanCI · 130.00: end .... · 115.00: deak 
clWr · $15.00: booItIItIIt - 110.00: CIauIIIe Iuton .. 
........ . $100.00: ling Cll*lel · "5.00 CALL 54 
0140 + Iv. meauge. (5117·5127) 

3.' cu. .. WIllIe SANYO.........". 0I'iIt _ re-
old. ""*' far CIOm. '*"-'" 01 bel. IIougItIIOI 
II.,. wi ... 101 S70 0.11.0. "-lIte ... 101 
"*'-. 1122-1211. (5117) 

Sola ~,bod. $5OOIbelloIIIr.125-OIA. 
(5117-5/24) 

T.LlJIIIIIqcMculllOl" ... SSOo.b.o.ElecWrC 
a... ItIpGI-Ine ........ IHoIIme ......, teO 
o.b.o. fInoIf>.Conn wwII pnICI1IIing."....., S7S 
o.b.o. Wanwt'a ..... ]IdIot $10. ~. (5117) 

3 piece bIcIrm. IUmiln .. t: m.-. bookcue. 
nIgItt 1liiie. All WHITE. ASl<ING ,175 FOR All. 
554-1181. (5117) 

~IizeFUTCW'COUCH. Woodframe. bMuIIU. 
1200.00. 554-1181. (5117) 

Old.,... color printer. C-64 dial< drive a .."..,.,.. 
Ileal ofttr. Suzanne 558'-7. (5117) 
FOI sale· Sony '- 0If1n-dulo CD piayeo' . brIond 
new. modeI.s280. S1IIf In"" box. AIIO a poIIMIII 
CD pIIyer. Sony PonabIeCar 0fIcInan. Sliin bo>c 
.. mo... To Inqui .. about price. pleaSe call Guy II 
558-9031. Le.". a mHIIQII. (5117) 

Taldng the MeAT In SepIe~ Tike UCSO's 
MeAT REVIEW COURSE. Sa ... money I 452-68404. 
(5117·5127) 

Twin bed + frame . $100 o.b.o. Desk + chair 575 
o .... 

HOUSING 
ChamtInQ LaucecIa _ . 2 8R/2 BA. PooIIide 
gMIenI. Fumetlad. 8183-8194. $1000 mo. 1143-
0703. (4m-5117) 

La JoI1II\JCSO; Nonosmolclng ..",. to -... 2 
badrcorn. 2 lido 1II*\IMI1I. ..... quiaI, Clean 
person witt no~guM1. Ownllllh. '*1* 
montlt. 45&0 1770. (4m-5127) 

Fe1IIo IIXIII'I-<aI ...wI: $2Z) ... CI $400 CIIIII1 
IID1\ HM"_O.i.IId~1II1'\ 211111*.caall 
-.aa.1oIrGy1n1!L.3ca.1n_ .......... 
.... ,. (nIgoI). ~ lIIwtIne4S2-7a. (!51)6'17) 

TROUBLED BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now Only $3 5 2g~45 
RESULTS GUARANTEED 

Call now 
457 .. 2100 

Crww Needed. LocaJ and WOI1dwtde. Cal World 
SalIng Aaoc. 434-4438 for more Info. (5113-5117) 

3.500', and HO·slOl ..... 50' •• 7SC. 100',. 
7OC. Cal PI1IfCk II 5SH538. (5Il()'5I17) wmnnu. Lash Penn. Tints __ __I 

Invites Youl 
With this limited invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair 
ConsuHation 

• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 

for Friend 
• HK Protein Deep 

Reconstructor 
• Scalp Massage 

• Clarifying Conditioning 
Treatment 

• Eyebrowl Eyelash Tinting 
• Eyebrow Waxing 
• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• Complete Manicure 
• French Braid 
• 3 Tanning Sessions 

Call Progre .. lve lI.teetlng 483-2512 

~IU~lfING (~O. 
UeSD 
MIGH' 
Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
PlLlMIU 

-~ . ~~""~. 

~j'----
" i ~ 

c.~ L.-----'The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.·Thurs. 
11 .... 12pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• 

• Lunch 
• DInner 
• OpterBar 
• 211w student ID 

Monday, May 17,1993 

SpaciOYS 3 bedroom townhoySI near UCSD 
available June: all appliances. washar/dryer. $995. 
450-0328. (513·613) 

Summertown housa2 bedroom, spacious, ctoNto 
bus. UCSD. Pool. par1<Jng.canyon. $825. 2·3 people. 
June-Seplember (negollable) . CUlel Call Holty al 
622·0803. (513·5124) 

Female roommate .needed! Summer/own room, 
$3251mo. Beauliful.spadous. 4 badI2.5 bath house 
in Del Mar. Rachel 259·1664. (513,5120) 

SUMMER CONDO! $6901monlh. 2·bedroom. 2· 
balh. Clalremonl. furnished. ALL UTILITIES 
INCLUDED. Chris 272·8758. Leave message. (513· 
5117) 

Privale room in 3BR. 2.58A condo. Del Mar. Eighl 
minules from UCSD; pooVspa. lenn,s: walk 10 
Highlands Shopping Cenler: prefer lemale non· 
smoking. Available July 1 Sl. $375 + 1/4 uti I. 625· 
0771 Joe. (513·5124) 

Own bedroom In large University City house. $250 
per month plus $200 deposll. Available 6113. Call 
Ryan al 587·0227. (5f6.5117) 

For Sele·Condo. - WALK UCSD. 2. 3 bedrooms. 
2 car attached garages. Pool. lenni • . Greal1s1 
time buyer linanclng. Open Sunday. and by 
appointment. REiMAX • Judith Haddox. Inlo 
anytime (619) 275·2618. (5/6·613) 

Summer suble!. Furnished master bedroom, own 
balh. Mila Mesa house. S35O/mo. Call Paul 549· 
6642. (5120·613) 
Room 3\1ailable May 17th. M!ra Mesa, for summer 
and/or fall . Walk to shops. market. Pool, jacuzzi , 
washer. dryer. cable. Looking for aasy going guy. 
S3101mo. Call Paul 549·6642. (516-5120) 

2 Ihree bedroom lownhouses available July and 
Seplember.nearUCSD.$1140/mo.Nina792·6453. 
(5110·613) 

Female room male wanled 10 share spaciOYs condo 
wilh 2 olher girls one mile from UCSD. $325/mo . • 
113 utilines. Swimming, lacuzzl.lennis . racquetball . 
and garage included. Please can 453·8343 if 
inleresled. (511()'5120) 

3 female roommales wanled to share furnished W 
condo. Summer. andlor conlinuing. Jenniler 535· 
0153. (5110·5124) 

Perleel Summer Sublet. RighI across Slreet from 
school. Easy walk loclassand slores.2br. 1beapt. 
MidJunelo mid Sept. $7951mo +$I00deposil. 452· 
0166. Mike or Dave (511 ()'5117) 

Female wanted 10 share Ig. bedroom and 1011 in 2 
slory 4BR Mira Mesa non·smoking hOYsehold wilh 
2 cats. S225 plus utilities. WID. Available 611 . 549· 
9104. (5110·5117) 

DEL MAR: Spacious room In lully fumished aptm1. 
Tennis , pool, jacuzzi. beautiful surroundings. 112 
mile lrom beach. Cable TV. VCR. washer/dryer. 
Available June 151. S350. Call 259·9121. (511()'5/ 
17) 

Roommate needed for 3 bedroom townhouse wI 
backyard. All amenities. singlewlbaloony. $320 + 1/ 
4 utilities. year or summer. 5 mIn. bike ride 10 UCSO. 
Neal. considerate male or female. Call 452·8758. 
(5Il()'5117) 

Summer Sublels Needed: To share 3 bedroom 
townhOYse wlbaCl<yard . Own room $320; share 
masler $260. 5 min. bike ride to UCSD. washer/ 
dryer. Call 452·8758. (511 0,5117) 

Roommate needed for June-Sept. in Renaissance 
Apls. Washer/dryer. S2411mo. Call Rob 457·1325. 
(5110·5117) 

HUGE room avaMblo In 2BO rordo tor summer. 
Own belhroom • free cable. wui'er/dl)'8l. pool. 
jacuui . weigh! room. pari<lng underground. SSW 
single. $265 share. Suzanne 55&-8057. (5Il()'5I17) 

SUmmer Sublet · Beautilul2BR upper. Golden HlIV 
Ownln. Sunny. hardWood "0015. screened balcony. 
baCl< yanl. $3751mo + dep. 'TlI Sept. 15. Call 238· 
g()66. (511()'5I24) 

3 rooms available In UC rordo · 2 miles tromcampus 
• 533().$34OImonth + 113 utiWII ... Washer/dryer. 
Summer or longer. Cal 455-0364. (5Il()'5I2O) 

Female roommale wan led. ApI .. Pacific Beach. 
Own room. Large masler. $350/mo + 112 ulil. 
Available July. Cidney 274·7359. (5110·6/1) 

Room for rent. Large 2 slory apt. 112 ml from UCSD. 
Pool . no deposil. no lease. $250. Available 611 . Call 
Mary 622·0759. (5110·5120) 

Female roommate wanted. Nonsmokerfor own room 
In family·scondo. 5min. walktocampus. Avrulable71 
1/93 (possibly sooner). $35QImo. includes ulilities. 
pooI.len"s. 455-9678. (511()'5I24) 

Mira Mesa - Mature female. condo, room with 
privale balh. $400 plus deposil 1/2 ul,I,ties. 536· 
9393. (5113·5124) 

Room for rent, available for summer, S3501mo. in 
Del Mar. Call 558·9008. (5113·5124) 

Roomfo" .. nl,$34(),\nOnth.aVlilablelorsummer. washerl 
dryer. pool. bus 10 UCSD. """'smoker. rcn-alergic 10 
cats. cal Stacy or Usa. 625-0621 . (5113-5127) 

Single furnished room In 3BD12BA condo lor renl al 
Renaissance Villas . Avail. mid-June to mid-Sept. 
Pools . jacuzzis , gym, wa sher/dryer, parking 
underground. $3501month + 114 utilities. Female 
preferred. can Debra: 625·0882. (5127·5124) 
Housesittar available 10 give loving care 10 your 
home and pels . Professional. mature working 
woman with references. Quiet. non-smOking , 
reliable. 944·1050 before 9 p.m. please. (5113-613) 

Female roommate wanted: 2 lovely rooms lor rentctJse 
10 Ralphs. Vons. i..ud<y. 1()'15 mins from UCSO. Nee 
and quiet noigl'bort1OOd. own roomsIshared bathroom. 
$2~. please call 27t-4316. Helen. (511 3-&'3) 

La Jolla Shores 3 bdr. studio house. Sludio in hOY .. 
available. 1 or 2 parsons. own kitchen. bathroom 
and enlrance. Ocean view. large desk. qulel. 10 
min. 10 UCSD. $620. 551·024 1. (5113·5117) 

Looking lor summer hOYslng? LIVE al Renaissance 
for only $260. Females only. 452·6844. (5/13·5127) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED lor summer! Own room in 
3·bdrm. condo UTC area. Pool. laundry facilities. 
elc. $378 + 113 ulilities. 587-2656. (5113-613) 

Reallstlcall,. you will only have time to see three 
01 these apanments. Makl this one 01 tit. three • 
you won't be sorry. thl place II really nice. Two 
roommates needed 10 share gigantic MASTER 
bedroom for the lummer. Call 455-7288 lor 
details. (5113-5117) 

RoOIn_indowntownLaJofla,walklngdistance 
10 shops. 3 mi to beach from end of June 10 end 01 
August. FumiShed orunfumished. 1 bedroom w/own 
bath. $450 o.b.o. Kay 459-0370. Female preferred. 
Very brighl and culel (5117) 
Summer sublet: your own room in townhouse near 
UTC. $330/monlh. negotiable. Aaron 558·7878 
eves. (5117·5120) 

Female roommate needed this summer! June -
Sepl.lst.Ownlargeroom in3bedroomcondonear 
UTC. Considerate. easygoing room males. 53801 
mo. Holly 587·3617. (5117,5120) 

............ 

COMPUTER . SCIENCE & 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS 

MAJORS 
ARer learning how to apply aB gou hove leomed, 

the only question left Is where. 
Welcome to Your Future 10 1. 

Out of the thousands of software companies in the world today, you must 
decide which pushes the leading edge, which will be around a decade from 
now. And, quite frankly, which of these is hiring. To this end, consider the 
following; 

1.0. Edwards software is used by over half of the Fortune 500 and was 
awarded IBM's Mark of Quality Award for 1993. 1.0. Edwards has posted 
a 50% growth rate for the past 16 years with no outside capital, no outside 
debt 

And J.D. Edwards is hiring. 

We need six Programmers for our Newport Beach facility to improve and 
maintain existing software. You will receive extensive classroom and on the 
job training. You must be an MIS or CS major and a strong Programmer/ 
Analyst with an overall CPA of 3.0 or better and knowledge of Cor CH . 

You will eam excellent compensation &: comprehensive benefits, includinll 
outstanding professional opportunities in a low stress, supportive company 
culture. Interviews will be arranged on campus in June for those students 
who have sent their resumes and a copy of their transcripts to: Toay C. 
Benatson. J.D. Edwarcla " Complll)1, 8055 E. Tufb Ave., Suite 1200, 
Denver, CO 80237. EOE M/F/D/V 

JDEdwards 
........... 

'. 

The UCSD Guardian 

INEXPENSIVE SUMMER SUBlET. Two rooms In 
bright. specious_nhou .. 5 minute. from UCSO. 
One master with privale belh and one large single. 

Av~ rrid.June. PooI.dIIhwasIler. w_/dryer. 
Female •. 453·8012. (5117·5124) 

SummerSublel: NearVon·s. 34Abus. 5 min by car: 
15 min by big 10 UCSD. $32Olmonth • uliti .. : 
washe<ldryor.6115-8I3O(nego_).CalI45().9192 
Craig. (5117·5120) 
4 person house for r,nt during summer. June 
15-Sept. 15. La Jolla Shores Drive across the 
sl reel from UCSD . Wa sher/dryer ; b ig 
backyard. walk 10 school and beach 552· 
0920 . (5117·5/27) 

2 rooms available in Windansea house. $384imonth. 
Laroe. lurn,shed. near beach. 456·5066. (51t7·5/ 
20) 

Summer room available· fumlshed. MId·June Ihru 
August. $330+ 1/4. cable. laundry. near campus. 
Cali Jennie 458·0032. (5117) 

Summer sublel. Ralphs Shopping center. walk 10 
groceries, other stores, across street from campus, 
$271 • $407.50. depending on if 2 or 3 people. Mid· 
Juna 10 mld·Sepl. 452·6465. (511 7·613) 

SUMMER SUBLET: Single room in UTC area. All 
amenilies. $345 o.b.o. Call Monica 625-0704. (51 
17·5/27) 

Room in 4 1xI. condo near UTC. $3 10+ 114. female 
only. laundry. AvaiiableJune. Call 458·0032. (5117· 
5120) 

Own room lor July/Augusl • furnished. laundry. 
dishwaSher. pool . In Playmorcondos. $340. Claire 
558·1781 . (5117·611) 
SUMMER SUBLET: Master bedroom In3 bedroom 
lownhouse near UCSDIUTC. 5350/monlh. Da" elle 
625-0704. (5117,5120) 

Two rooms In furnished house . 5320 and $300 + 
deposit. Wesl Mira Mesa. near 805 and UCSD. 
Washer. dryer. ulilities Incfuded. Nonsmoking 
male/female . no pel. no drugs. 578·8683. (5117· 
611) 

Female room"""" r-*l for summerl 3 min. 10 
UCSO. Beautiful complex. pool. spa. weight room. 
laundry. Own bedroom. bath • $34OImo. or share 
LARGE badroom. bath • S2781mo .• 113 utilties. 
Furnished or unlurnished. Nonsmoker preferred. 
Available June 15 to Sept. 15.450·9815. (5117·51 
20) 
VILLAS OF RENAISSANCE. 0neIIw0 roommall(S) 
wamed lor summer "lUI. Washer/dry.r. garaged 
parldng. pools. gym. campu l bik_. nellt1OUTC. 
$244 mo. (_); $4" mo. (lingle) + 1/4 utiilies. 
622·9819. (5117·5127) 

Female roommate wanted : summer or longer. 
Own room In beaulitul townhouse near UTe. 
Pool. jacuzzi . lennls. all appliances. Available 
July 1. $360 mo. + 114 utililles. 625·0298. Call 
nowl (5117·5120) 

Mission Hills. Summer rental wilh 4 studenls. Huoe 
5 bedroom house. June·Seplember. $315 mo. 574· 
6450. (5117·611) 

Room lor summer ranI. 3 minules trom campus. 
$3601monlh. Can Adrienne 457·4452. Move In 
whenever. (5117·5120) 

2 females to share master bedroomlbath. Near 
campus 6112·9115 1993. $300 mo. + 116 utiities. 
458·0667. (5117·5120) 

Female Roommale Wanted: 25·35. friendly . 
reliable . UTC area . Beau tifu l. spacious 
apartment . Master bedroom. private bath. 
Fireplace. pool. JaCUZZI. volleyball. BBQ. gym. 
underground parking . securilY. No smoking or 
pets . $460. 450·6801 . (5/17) 

2 summer roommates wanted : to share master 
bdrm . MId·June· Sept. 1. UTC area condo. privale 
balh. pool . wid. Rent: $2251monlh each + 1/4 uti~ties 
each. Male or female non-smokers. Call Tracy . 
Sheri . or Christine @ 556·4542. (5117·5127) 
Room for renl available 611 5. One mile from UCSD. 
All amenilies 5325. T. Ngo 453·2227. (5117·5120) 

HOT TUB ON SHORES FOR SUMMERI Share big 
double In house. S300 • part utii lies. LOAFS only I 
Kevin 457-8096. (5117·5127) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

2 rooms forrwnt (one for you a one for your lriendt): 
Uriverslty City rordo S350 (ircIudM u •• ties). 1IoIh 
rooms comP'e'*1y furnished . parl<-ig Mttng. pool. 
bar.t>qu • . big and hiking Irails. Closo 10 shoppng 
and busline (minute. 10 UCSO & UTC). A .. 1ebIe 
now. $500 mows you Inl Cal Narcy 68~t28 
Ie .... message when basI time to retum 10 cal. (51 
17·5120) 

AVAILABlE SEPT. 1; 3 bedroom. 2.5 bath rordo. 
near c:amp.I$. 1800 sq.ft .. I!UI i ne. QaIlIQ8 . .. 
appliances. pool. jacuZZi. tennis. sauna. $1350 
mo .. up 10 4 p8fIOns. 259-56n. (511 7) 

Share two bedroom: one block 10 beach; security 
building ; $400.00 plus$200.00deposit: 112 utiities; 
459·6133 · NO PETS. (5117·5120) 

SUMMER SUBLET (wilh possibiity of yoar lease): 
3 IxIrm. 2.5 balh (2 singles. 1 double). PRIME 
LOCATION. walking distance 10 campus. pool & 
laundry.$1200. Call45H)773.Available mid.June. 
(5117·5120) 

2 female roommates needed 10 share corda in 
Playmor area. SUmmer and/or continuing. 452· 
6844. (5117·611 ) 

FOR RENT: 3 bedroom 2.5 balhcondomlnium near 
UCSD. All appliance •. 3945 CAMINO LINDO. July 

1. 1250.00. 454-64j62I.,51~'.7.·6I3~""II~1 

FOUND: COT card In BioMed Ubrary. Identity 
amoynl & writing on card 10 claim. 558·8057. (511 (). 
5117) 

$700 IN REWARDSI $500 for info leading 10 the 
return 01 Macinlosh Powerbook 170 slolen from 
TIoga dorms 515. 5200 for woven cream colored 
blankel · also slolen. No questions aSked. Call 55&-

.. . . I U • 'r. 

PERSONALS 
Thanks for a g",al time during Derby Days. Love. 
lhe siste" of Tn Delta. (5117) 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousand of hours? And now 
you have to take the MCAT. Is 
there such a thing as overkiU in 
a si tuation like thi ? 

Hypc rl earning offers 
the most intensive 
MAT pre para -
tion course avail-
ab le. We wo rk 
hard to make sure 
you ge t the mos t for 
your doUar. The most hours, 
the most motiva ting environ-
ment, the most current mate rial, and 
the most qualified ins tructo r available . 

skiUs. In addition to these test, we work through 1\1 AT 
passages every time the class meet. Nothing you encounter 

on the l\ ICA T should be a surp ri se. 

Rigorous writing sample work 
You'U write fourteen half-hour essays. \"IhiJe this 

program typically improves scores dramatical-
ly, some studen ts need more help. W e've 

designed one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for students who still have 

concern about this important subscore. 

Help with the appli(ation process 
W e won't abandon you after the 
M AT. We have ineervicw and 

The longest. most (omplete. and most intensive MCAT (ourse dVdilable 

applimtion resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medical schools. W e 
have Ihe AI,lCAS application 
template on our Macintoshes' 
o you can work on your appli-

12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday. unday, and two week-
nights). More than '50 total hours. No wimps need apply. 
2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 

• l mmediate feedback. No more Ihan 24 smdenrs in a class. 
onvenient classrooms and times to fit our schedule. 

cation until you're satisfied. Then 
you can laser point the final version 

on our system and send it off. 

We design and re·design our MCAT course for you • We hel p you re-lcarn , rath er fhan merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
you'll need to get a winning MeAT score. 

Specialized instructors who are experts in their field 

All of our material, are ubject to student 
feedback on areas of confu ion. We continually 

upgrade our e.xhaustive Biology, hemistry. Physics, 

You ,ue taught by four (not onc or two) spe-
cialized insrructor~. 
All instructors have earned at least a 
Master's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MCAT diagnostics to focus your efforts. right from the start 
You'll rake two computcrized diagno tic tests in addi-

and Verbal materiaJs to emphasize the conceprual skills 
demanded by the new format MC T. We now olle r t600 

pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice questions and l\\CAT-sryle passages. 

Any questions? 
JU S! give us a call at 

800- 843-4973· 
tion to the two full - length I ATs we adminis ter. Taking We'U make sure you 

get what you've 
(ltlready) paid for. 

the firsl diagnostic test early in the course will alert you nnd your 
instru tors to your weak areas in both science knowledge and te t-taking 

I 
WHEN IT'S TIME TO 6ET SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST. SM 

At UCI, UCLA, UCSD, UCR, and now, UC BerJteley • 800-MD-BOUND 



22 SPORTS 

TIMELY 
GUDUATION 

PORTUITS 
Have your graduation portrait taken 

with us and you'll have your finished 
portraits ready at graduation. We offer: 

• Proofs in ONE HOUR 

• Finished packages in ONE WEEK* 

• We furnish cap & gown 
· Prill/S all COIl I'OS lake lo"ger 

ONE HOUn 

-MOTOPHOTO--
& PORTRAIT STUDIO 

11.'*i ~""IJM~ ... ~SM 
Rennaissance Towne Center 

8935 Towne Centre Dr. (Just east of UTe) 
558·1690 

~UROPE' 
BY 

TRAIN 
• 5-Day First Class 

Flexipass... $298 
• 5-Day 2nd Class 

Youth Pass... $HO 
• 10-Day First Class 

Flexipass... $496 
• 1 O-Day 2nd Class 

Youth Pass... $348 
• One Month 2nd Class 

cOiI'neil TravC! 
ucso Price Center (by Ihe Po5t Office) 

451-0630 

RESEARCH 
OPPORTUNITY 

We currently have an immediate position 
available for a Research Associate or a 
Research Lab Assistant. Research 
Associate position requires a M.S. degree 
and a minimum of 2 years experience in 
molecular biology (southern blotting. 
DNA sequencing). Previous laboratory 
supervisory experience also required. 
Research Lab Assistant requires a mini -
mum of I year experience in molecular 
biology. Preference will be givcn to 
applican ts wi th extensive experience in 
DNA sequencing. 

Po it ions wi ll organize and perform 
link.age study of Fam ilial AlzhcimerDx. 
Southern Blotting, and Polymerace 
Chain Reaction techniques. For imme-
diate considera tion, please submit 
resume or cal l: Dr. S.M. Pulst, M.D. 

MfHPc\ItS~~~+kR 
&700 Beverly Blvd .• Davis Bldg. 

Los Angeles. CA 9004& 
(3 10) 855-5166 

AA/EOE 

The UCSD Guardian 

MeAT 
90% OF THE STUDENTS 

Jrn'JIE HELPED ARE 
IN MEDICAL SCHOOL 

CALL OR WRITE: MCAAT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 

ADVANCEMENT AND 
TRAINING 

4500 CAMPUS DRIVE, #225 
NEWPORT BEACH, CA 9ZUO 

(714) 476·3027 
WEEKEND COURSE: % hours, July 10 - Aug. 28 • $360 
3 WEEK COURSE: t 78 hours, July 2S - Aug. 14 •• $450 

S WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July ~8 - Aug. 21 •• USO 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: 313 ' hou~s, July 12 - Aug. 27 • $2,000 

r----
I 

----------------, . 

TANS$1: i I 
I 

Monday, May 17, ]993 

Doubles 
Tandem 
Still Alive 
WOMEN'S lENNIS: 
Inaba and Kurokawa 
oovance to final eight 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

UCSD's dreams of a women's 
NCAA tennis championship ride 
squarely on the shoulders of Triton 
doubles team Robyn Inaba and MOO 
Kurokawa. The tandem of Inaba and 
Kurokawaadvancedtotheeighthround 
with a tluilling opening-round victory 
on Sunday afternoon. Inaba and 
Kurokawa are the only UCSD players 
still alive in the NCAA Division ill 
women's telUlis championships held in 
Carleton College, Minnesota. 

Inaba and 
Kurokawa drew 
fust blood. win-
ning the opening 
set, 6-3. The Tri-
tOil duo coukln't 
close out their 0p-
ponents, Wheeless 
and Ialacci of the 
University of the 
South, who roared 
back to take the 
second set 6-3, 

sending the match to the third and fmaJ 
set. 

Inaba and Kurokawadominated the 
fmal set, finishing Wheeless and Ialacci 
by a6-1 count. The win sends Inabaand 
Kurokawa to the eighth round, where 
they will be pitted against Mary 
Washington's Biros and Bymers. Biros 
and Bymers were upset winners over 
third-seeded Holm and Roland of Mary 
Washington. 

The singles draw claimed UCSD's 
Diane Chandler and Inaba on Saturday 
afternoon. Chandler, the Tritons' num-
ber-two singles player. needed three 
sets to win her opening-round match on 
Saturday morning. In the second-round 
match, the unseeded Chandler was 
stopped by number-two seed Yuki 
Yokobori of Smith CoUege, 6-D, 6-2 

Inaba, playing in the singles draw 
forthe fourth consecutive year, was also 

. ousted in Saturday afternoon's second 
round action.lnaba advanced with a 6-
I, 6-D victory on Saturday morning, 
setting up a second round match against 
fifth-seeded Katja Zerclc of Kenyon in 
the afternoon. 

Zerck wastoomuchfor Inaba,elimi-
nating UCSD's number-one singles 
player in straight sets, 6-1 , 6-1. 

I 

: ./ 
One for you, one for Gl friend : 

130 Tan Days $2g991 I UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 
I r 
"'-------

Wolff 6ed5' Facial Tamers I I 
5cm:~1AlIY ~ 

• 2nd:lO .... ~.99 
---------------r------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ llostinches. and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
I -Mindy. San Diego I Lon at lent 8" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dletl",. Not a tarnpcnry water lou. I 
I GOlDEN TRIANGLE La Jona f't. Lorna Hille,., I 
I f'ERFECf TAN" 455-0952 22+9727 296-7004 I 3251 Holiday C,. • • • 
I acr~5 5treet from EI Torito f'aclfle !'each MIHIon Valley Sc.w Col. I 455-0909 ~1-9060 542-0:391 697-0014 

~------~-~-~~~~~~~-------~ 

1/3 OFF 
uc '" SD ..... 

• 

ANY size unit 
with this ad 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 

Monday, May 17,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

~S-U-CSI> P~E4:SE4:1 tJ"I"S 

rv.ay 21, 
Celebration begins 

Game & Food Booths 
Live Entertainment 

Gyroscope 
Velcro Wall 

, 

1993 
1 00 am 

Concert at 7 :30 - Featuring: 
The Blues Traveler 

The Gin Blossoms 
Blacksmith Union 

(don't forget to bring your student ID) 
_:1:-. -11.- -..... --.cS. by: 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW SAT 

'$' we more 

o N CAM PUS ICRA 

23 



24 

.\ 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 17, 1993 

IUCSDI PANHELLENIC SSOCIATION Presented by: 
Taking the LSAT J , MCAT ? 

~ Learn how to think your way to the right answers. 
~ You don't need to know 'every topic in the fields 

of biology, chemistry, & physics. 

~ 00 you think you really need hundreds of lecture 
hours? You don't. 

Come to our seminar and find out more. 
Plus, enter to win a 

free KAPLAN test prep course 
of your choice. 

DATE: Wednesday, May 19, 1993 
TIME: 6:00 • 8:00 pm 
PLACE: Price Center Theatre 

For more information, call: 
KAPLAN CENTER: 277 -6744 

JACKIE KOLCHINS: 457-2939 
PANHELLENIC OFC.: 534-6657 

APLAN 
The answer to the test question. 


