
Elsewhere 
Berkeley Police 
Combat Carjacking 
BERKELEY - Police at UCB 
are trying to deal with what seem 
to be the latest trend in auto theft : 
carja king. Acting on a request 
from the FBI, Berkeley police 
will begin recording the number 
of carjacking reports because of 
the growing frequency with 
which the crimes are occuring. 
In many instance would-be 
carjackers have a minor accident 
with the victim and then force the 
driver out of the car, often at gun 
point. Although there haven ' t 
been many injurie caused by the 
theft 0 far, one Oakland re i-
dent was kidnapped and later 
killed. 

UCLA~Go 
Back to School 
LOS ANGELES - While it 
may co t $ 1,000 per quarter to 
attend UCLA, hundred of 
parents of UCLA tudent were 
given the opportunity to be 
"Bruin -for-a-day" for only 
$40. Some Bruin parent 
participated in the econd-
annual Parent' Weekend, 
during which they were given 
an inside look at life at UCLA. 
Parents toured libraries and 
were invited to it in on 
regularly cheduled c1as e '. 
They al 0 attended work hops 
on important topic uch as the 
"undeclared major" and how to 
finance a college career. 

Fake Filer Falls To 
Fool Students 
BERKELEY - UCB tudents 
were victims of an elaborate 
practical joke recently, in which 
they received a letter informing 
them that their residence halls 
were contaminated. The letter 
stated that the Lawrence 
Berkeley Laboratory's experi-
mental "zeta-particle decelera-
tor" was causing a power surge 
that affects brain activity. 
According to Lab officials, a 
zeta-particle decelerator doesn't 
exist and they are searching for 
the source of the letter. About 
100 students received the letter, 
most of whom weren't amused. 

Inside 

GLASS 
HIATUS: The Guardian 
speaks with American 
composer Philip Glass. H1 

SPORTS: Women 's tennis 
10 t to Division I Ohio State 
University, 5-4. 11 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ...................... .. 2 
A .. MEETING NOTES ............ 2 
OPINION .............................. 4 
HlATU ............................. "1 
SPORTS .............................. 11 
CLASSmEDS ...................... 14 

, H E 

UC NDIEGO THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1993 

UNLEASHED 

Two playful pooches, Buster and Althea, find time to get In a little exercise on the grass by 
the Hump Wednesday. No Injuries were sustained by either party. 

Co-op Deal May Fall Through 
CRISIS: A.S. changes to 
Memorandum of Understanding 
could lead to legal battle 
By Eric Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A sociated Students approved a revised 
Memorandum of Understanding regarding the 
statu of the tudent co-ops on Friday, potentially 
jeapordizing on-going negotiations with the stu-
dent businesses. 

The memorandum, worked out by repre enta-
tive of the co-ops, AS., Graduate Student Asso-
ciation (GSA) and administration before a Jan. 
31 deadline, was ratified by the AS. Council 
after certain portions were modified. 

AS. President Mike Holmes said the AS. 
attempted to work with other partie to modify 
the memorandum, but he received minimal input 
from the GSA, co-ops and administration. 

Groundwork Books Co-op member Chloe 
Burke said the new memorandum significantly 
revises the Jan. 31 agreement. "There are some 
major changes that are substantive and therefore 
unacceptable," she said. 

According to Burke, co-op members were 
prepared to accept technical and language 
changes, but not changes in intent. Burke cited a 

2 

new rule regarding possession of co-op as ets if 
a co-op dissolves a an example of such a 
ubstantive change. 

Previously, he said, dissolving co-ops were 
given ome control over their assets upon clo -
ing. The revision "basically says our assets stay 
on-campus to fund AS. Enterprises," she said. 

Holmes said, however, that the changes 
relating to assets were made so that new co-ops 
would be able to tart up should an old co-op 
close. "We wanted enough capital so that stu-
dents would have [a new co-op] if[ existing] co-
ops took their assets and took off," he said. 

Another revision allows the GSA to end its 
involvement in the co-ops with a three-quarters 
vote, which Burke said discriminates against 
the GSA "We could accept something that 
[applie tq, both counci ls]," she said. 

University Deputy General Counsel Gary 
Morrison, as legal coun el for the administra-
tion, also changed the document somewhat, but 
Holmes did not follow several of the changes, 
according to acting Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Student Activitie Lynne Peterson. 

Peterson aid co-op negotiations are over. 
"If there 's not a signed agreement, everything 
will be in default. There will be no agreement," 
he said. In that case, a legal battle may ensue. 

Students Discuss Future of SAAC 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Staff Writer 

Students gathered Tuesday evening in 
Galbraith Hall to discuss the futureofthe Student 
Affinnative Action Committee (SAAC) in a 
general quarterly meeting. 

In his opening remarks, SAAC Chair Poncho 
Guevarra described the meeting as "an opportu-
nity for [us] to get a long-term focus as to what we 
can do as a coalition and an organization. Thi is 
where the communication begins." 

The general meetings are supposed to give the 
regularly-scheduled Wednesday SAAC meet-
ings more focused goal for addressing issues 
and working toward changes, he said. 

Under consideration was SAAC's need to 
create an official statement of purpose. Accord-
ing to Guevarra, SAAC members would like to 

revamp and finalize tructural guidelines for the 
organization. 

Last year's SAAC chair and current SAAC 
representative for MEChA Juan Astorga began 
with a general introduction the purpose of the 
committee and its goals at UCSD. 

SAAC discu ses issues ranging from fee hikes 
and budget cuts to issues surrounding the Asso-
ciated Student and the co-ops, with respect to 
underrepresented student groups. 

The committee also works with Student Out-
reach and Recruitment (SOAR) in the recruit-
ment of high school tudents for the university 
and joins with the Student Affirmative Action 
Human Relations Program to design programs 
on sexual and cultural diversity and affirmative 
action, according to Astorga 

See $Me, Page 10 

VOLUME 78, I UE 20 

Students 
Lobby State 
Legislators 
BUDGET: Weekend conference 
in Sacramento rallie upport 
against fee hike , budget cuts 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

Hundreds of student from the University 
of alifol11ia and the Califol11ia State Univer-
sity (CSU) converged at the state capitol 
Monday in a massive lobbying effort aimed at 
voicing student concerns to state legislators. 

The event marked the first time that the 
University of California tudent Association 
(UCSA) and the California State tudent 
Association (CSSA) have worked in close 
conjunction at the annual conference. 

According to elipe Bolivarofthe UCSA. 
the summit was intended to "tellthe legisla-
turethat we'reconcernedabouthigheredu a-
tion and funding for higher education and that 
we want our voice heard." 

"We're making sure llegislatorsj are in-
formed [about) what bills the tudent sup-
port and what the student ' opinions are," 
said UCSD Associated Students Pre ident 
Mike Holmes. "No one represents students 
better than students." 

The lobbying session was followed by a 
rally on the west steps of the capitol building 
which was attended by hundreds of'students 
from across the state. Among the many speak-
ers at the rally were tate Senators Art Torre 
(D-Los Angeles) and Tom Hayden (D-Los 
Angeles). 

According to Bolivar, Torres emphasized 
the powerofthe polls while Hayden proposed 
that those who threaten to downsize educa-
tion should them elves be downsized. 

According to Holmes, the lobby effort 
focused on several major issues concerning 
students, 010 t notably the state budget. The 
UC Regents are currently planning a $1 ,000 
fee increase along with a five percent cut in 
faculty, staff and adminstrative salaries, in 
order to off-set state budget cuts. 

"The way things are going, we ' re going to 
be priced out of an education," Bolivar said. 

Another important issue, according to 
Holmes, was the statu of financial aid. which 
has seen little or no increase in funding de-
spite skyrocketing fees. 

Holmes said that the students also lobbied 
heavily for regent reform. Currently, the gov-
ernor is responsible for electing the majority 
of the regents. Holmes aid that some tu-
dents are propo ing that a new ystem of 
composition, which could include term lim-
its, be considered. 

"It 's not to deny autonomy," said Holme . 
" It's a question of how the board is com-
prised." 

Holmes aid students al 0 made an effort 
to support a bill known as the Pipeline Project, 
which would expand and diversify the faculty 
and emphasize teaching in math and techni-
cal fields. 

Students who attended the summit said 
they got mixed reactions from the legislators. 
While some were very receptive to tudent 
concerns, others didn ' t take Ihe time to hear 
them out, according to Holme and Bolivar. 

See LOBBY, Page 2 



2 

Professor Elected to NAE 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

UCSD ProfessorofElectrical En-
gineeringlack Wolfhas beenelected 
to the National Academy of Engi-
neering (NAE), based on his "con-
tribution to infonnation theory,com-
munication theory. magnetic record-
ing and engineering education." 

"The focus at UCSD right at the 
moment is in magnetic recording." 
Wolf said, explaining that research-
ers in UCSD's engineering division 
is currently working to fit more digi-
tal data on magnetic storage systems. 

A profe sor at UC D fort he lust 
nine year • Wolfreceived his under-

LOBBY: 
Students put pres ure 
on tate legi lature 
Continued from page 1 

"S me (legislators) have their 
minds made up that education is not 
a pri rity for them," said Bolivar. 

In addition. Bolivar and other 
Mudent representatives claimed that 
a carefully organized student press 
conference was blatantly uprooted 
by Govemor Pete Wilson. 

Acc rding toJcnner Me lo~key 
of the A.S. external office. just be-
fore the student press conference 
was ~c heduled to stan, a representa-
tivco G v. Wibon announced that 
the governor was two door" down 
the hall and was wi lling to . peak 
with the press. 

A.S. MEET! 

graduate degree in electrical engi-
neering from the University of Penn-
ylvania and earned hi Masters of 

Science. Masters of Arts and doc-
torate in Philosophy in Electrical 
Engineering from Princeton Uni-
versity. Teaching full-rime since 
1963. Wolf has al 0 taught at the 
University of M a achu etl . 

"Teaching and research are very 
rewarding. I like working with stu-
dents." Wolf said. 

Along with Wolf, four UC Ber-
keley profe sor., have al 0 been 
elected to the NAE. Including the 
recent electees, the NAE includes 
101 members from UC fa ulty. 

Of the 13 telev ision crews origi-
nally present at the student press 
conference only one remained after 
the announcement of Wilson's im-
promptu media session. McClosky 
. aid. 

" We got snaked out of cover-
age," said McCloskey. " It was pretty 
damn smooth." 

" It was the lowest little trick I've 
ever seen in my life."said A .. Vice 
President External Colin Wil on 
"That really pissed a lot of people 
off." 

Mc I skeyempha. ired her sen-
timent that Mudents never have a 
chance to demonstrate to the public 
the ~ystemmic way in which they 
w,mt to accompli:.h change. 

" We had our a t together." ~aid 
McClmkey. " We lost a lot of rt!-

See LOBBY, Page 8 

GNOTES 
Co-op Agreement- Graduate Student Association (GSA) member Steve 
Dubb expressed his disappointment with the A.S. CounCtl 's decision to sign the 
revised Memorandum of Understanding. He satd he felt "intentionally de-
ceived" by the council and A.S. President Mike Holmes because Holmes signed 
"without negotiations with the co-ops and the GSA: Holmes took issue with 
the accusation, saying the council had devoted considerable t ime and money 
to the memorandum and its "commitment and devotion should be recognized: 

Holmes added that the A.S. attempted to negotiate with the GSA, co-ops and 
administration, but those groups were "reluctantly cooperative: 

Dubb also criticized the manner in which the A.S. would dispose of the co-
ops' inventory assets if they were to close, as outlined in the memorandum. He 
said he was "disturbed at this power play for the co-ops' assets." A.S. 
negotiating committee member Carla Tesak rebutted Dubb's statement, 
saying the objective of the council during negotiations was "not necessarily to 
keep the co-ops, but to keep those student services available: Holmes 
supported Tesak's claim, adding that the co-op inventory assets would be used 
as the start·up cost so that student services could be started again. 

o-raa Election Referendum QuestJon.- After numerous amendments 
and considerable debate, the council agreed to put one of three proposed 
questions conceming the RIMAC facility on the A.S. General Election ballot next 
month. This question will ask students if they would approve the creation of a 
student facilities board to oversee the $70 per student per quarter fee for the 
RIMAC facility. Three other RIMAC-related questions were still under consider· 
ation at press time. Two of the three questions addressed the actions of Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph Watson, and the third was a question 
about the availability of a 24- hour study hall. The questions read, "Do you feel 
that there is a need for a 24-hour study area on this campus?", "Do you have 
confidence that Vice Chancellor Joe Watson is responsive to student needs?" 
and "Do you approve the move by the Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs to 
disestablish the University Center Board?" 

AppoIntment .... 
· Lorl Lovejoy as Member·At·Large to the Elections Committee. 

- Compiled by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

D Guardian Thursday, March 11, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~CHOQ" 
/w~lI~ · ~ . 

n~ LEA'l:.ltolG BRAIN 
LUBRIC""rC 

\ 

-!.\/~ I i 

~ i I ' -=-"~ 
~ ~ \ - .... \ \. , .... 

-

LOOI:..I-\OII,S£S . l\\£R£.S " 
QUI7, tN IA,'{ NEW ISc:,IJE 
Of (IIHIIN(; "'I>.G/'l.tl-l~ . 
'~S 'f<)JR G~ I>£LIVE.R? 
10 QUE.Sno«s ~ ww..r 
iO'J CooLO S£ .... :"1"'1 ...... ...., 

I'\ISSI~G~ ' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

C"\.I/IN , "'~EIl£ w~.') nlE 
SHANnN£. £"'PIR~ ? 

( 
• I 
1 
i 
-.. 

11M .... ... ""~ G\JIo\ I') ~ro'i 
\\m "r ~1R.')r. 1\L 

~\(.''''. 

GC~\t lij( Go~ 1'it.G~il~ fIliI: 
\'OI"'{"; I>.LI9I)'(! 1'10\ ~i 
Glm~G AU. M t'lRfd1M~Kt: 
rill £NTln£\) 1O! 

P.E. Professor Named to Fitness Council 
UCSD Physical Education professor and recognized 

fitness expert John Cates has been named executive 
director of Califomia Governor Pete Wilson's Council on 
Physical Fitness and Sports. 

As part of the counci"~ which will be based at UCSD, 
Cates will work with athlete~ . educators, business 
leaders and citizens in an effort '0 pr/); note physical 
fitness in Califomia. The council's !nission includes 
fitness goals for school children, creating public aware-
ness programs and encouraging cooperation between 
govemment and private sector businesses In promoting 
physical fitness. 

The council will be funded by private donations, with 
a substantial contribution from by Amold Schwarzenegger, 
according to a recent press release. 

Medicine Professor to Speak 
On HIV Chemotherapy 

Douglas Richman, M.D .• will discuss "HIV Chemo-
therapy: Developments and Challenges" in a lecture to 
be held at 4:30 p.m. on Thursday. March 25 in Garren 
Auditorium in the Basic Sciences Building. 

HIV chemotherapy has lengthened the lives of many 

patients infected with the immunodeficiency virus, and 
Richman, a professor of pathology at UCSD and an 
expert in infectious disease, will review the current 
accomplishments with HIV chemotherapy. 

Richman will also address difficulties uncovered 
during the development of various drugs. including 
several studies being done at UCSD. 

The lecture is free and open to the public. A reception 
will follow the presentation. 

A.S. Hopefuls Must Rle for 
Spring Election by March 29 

Filing for the 1993-94 Associated Students elections 
will continue through the month of March. Applications 
for A.S. office positions, including A.S. President, Vice 
President Administrative, Finance and Extemal, Com-
missioners for Programming and Academic Affairs, and 
the varlous college senators are available at the A.S. 
office on the third floor of the Price Center. The filing 
deadline is March 29. 

The Guardian reported In Monday's Issue that the 
deadline is March 24. We regret any confusion. The A.S. 
elections will be held on April 6-8. 

Join tile ranks of tile few, tile proud and tile bu"", ••• 
The Guardian is now accepting applications for 

ASSOCiate News Editor 
To apply, drop off your resum~. writing clips and a cover letter in the news mailbox at the Guardian office. 
above the General Store Co-op in' the old student center. Applicants need not be on the Guardian staff. For 
more information call News Editor Francisco DeVries at 534-6580. Deadline is tomorrow at 5 p.m. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DOleN c:or.uLTANT: James CoItle, 
IL1.UITIIATOIIS: Mlcha Crott. Tara Eoff. Nathan E~tn. Speed Fan1s . Jenntfer 
Han. Dominic Lobbla. Atan LuncIIret1. Ad~.no MuOOz. Katie Roe. AI Spa", 
DDltlllllS: Joet Arnold. WIlson Cheun&. Ctndy lin. Marcus Lobbla. CMslopller 
Lock 
PIIOT_: David Chc) , Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Matth...-s. 
Lon Mitchell . Chuck NCuyen. Jenntler Vann 
COPY -= Michelle Chla/'C, Non Mllter. Jesste SprI",er. MlJt.lan Tomsen 
TYPIIT: TIm Un 

1111! t.CSD ~ ~ t>dstod ~ WIll TlutdiIjs ""'" the -)U' ~ WIll b" the IluI:IerU 
of t.CSD. ~ of 1IIs _ In ~ Ilrm, _InWhOle Ol in PM. wIOW penri!.!ion ~ 
SUIatf pocntitecI. C 1991 all rwa __ 1111! I.CSD GI-. is not ftS4)OnSitIr b" the Itliln of 

"-~0I1ft. TI'e_~1n fapi'icsWlllIif'edIeC2rsOl~mnot 
-'r ,..menlthe oPrions d 1111! t.CSD ~ te llMnIi1 d ~ 01 the AstodaIed 
SWderU. 1111! uc:so GI-. ~ I\rdecI ~ I¥ ~ Sala. .\J1IaiCa MOIl bM1 Tl1irIIs Ite. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECICA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

AD¥ER11SIN4I AIIIST MY: Tn EOIf 
lOB DeMDREA, Business MtJniJtler 

.:HAEL FOULKS, Advertl" MIIII6fe' 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertlsq CJni6tef 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SOIIOR STAff' WRITERS: .Hlnny Galaog. Oan KtaIIss. ~atthew Robtnson. Brett 
Rhyne , Michael Schwartz. Sheryl Wolcott 
'llU'FWMTIIIS:ElaineCamuso. Ktlsta Carpen(er.Albert Gat1baldl. KlrsU!n HaM!<son. 
Billy Hwang. ChrisJensen. MolI55aJacobs. Gaye JoMson. Rooenc:Ic Lee. WondyMc:NeiM. 
Theresa MoonI. MU'lI11 Moofthy, Julie Pal<, Paul Ph/Mtps. Ely Rabani. BI.,RIdIey. Kaf8 
Saul. Rilu Saxena. AlexaJ. Shennan. Julie She<man. Karen SI>I ...... GreeotyStophens 

Editorial: 5346580. Business 0IIIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GuaIrIIsn, 9100 GIl"*, Drtve 0316, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-0316 
Actual kxation: _ Floor. ucso _ CenIef ~iIOIrC 'A' 

Thursday, MardI ll , 1993 The C ' D Guardian 

Perot Scheduled to Visit UCSD Saturday 
POUTICS: Speech to mate and Coronado re ident, will nmor Sharon Holman said ye ter-
focu on organization join Perot at the event. day that Perot 's visit to alifomia is 

OV t ' Perot i expected to discus gov- to " thank the volunteers" who helped 
g emmen waste emment waste and the lack of con- put his name on the ballot and the 
By Francisco DeVries gre sional re ponsivene s to the voters who supponed him. 
News Editor public. She added that "Perot ' message 

Texa billionaire and former He will also tout his upcoming has special meaning to college stu -
pre idential candidate Ross Perot NBC program, "The First National dent becausewe're theones pend-
will speak at UCSD on Saturdny to Referendum on Government Re- ing your money." 
thank his San Diego upporters and form." which is cheduled to a.ir on Doors at the Price Center ball-
urge support for his new organiza- Sunday, March 21 at 8 p.m. room will open at 9:30 a.m. Perot's 
tion, United We Stand America Afterhis peech,Perotwillgreet peech will be broadca~t outside if 
(UWSA). His stop at the Price Cen- supporters briefly in the Price Cen- there is an overflow crowd. 
teratlO:30a.m. i partofasix-city tercourtyard, according to UWSA Otherstopsonhis Califomia tour 
tourofCaliforniaovertheweekend. California State Media Coordinator include UC Irvine, U C. Fre no 

Vice Admir.1I1ames Stockdale. Elaine Allen. County, San Francisco Bay Area 
Perot's vice presidential running UWSA National Media Coord i- and Sa ramento. 

Announced Visit by Vice President a 'Cruel Hoax' 
Vice Preside-nt AI Gore was not at UCSD yesterday. 

Normally this would not be new , but due to an elabo-
rate prank that announced a noon visit by the vice 
president al\ over campu ,many students expected the 
new number-two to make an appearance. 

Announcements touting yesterday' noon visit by 
Gore showed up on c1as room chalkboards, in fliers 
around campus and in pre relea es to local new papers. 

By late morning ign had gone up in the Price 
Center announcing that the visit was a prank. 

Though there was no truth to the announcements, 
that did not top " hundreds" of people from calling 
student information (EDNA) inquiring about the al-
leged visit. According to Robb Earnest, who wa busy 
answering the calls at the information window at the 
Price Center all moming, the re ponse had "been ri -
diculou ." 

The Guardian received a news release by fax mid-
Wednesday morning, allegedly from the Sail Diego 
Union-Tribune, announcing a" urpri e" visit by Gore 
between noon and 2 p.m. The fax purported that the 
event was sponsored by the ASUCSD and the College 
Democrats. 

Signs like this one were posted In the Price Center 
yesterday wamlng students of the Gore Hoax. 

According to Union-Tribune reponerSteveSchmidt. 
his newspaper also received the release, only it report-
edly came from the Guardian. 

A spokesperson for the vice president aid that Gore 
was traveling in Nebraska and Texas yesterday. 

For Associated Students 
Elected Positions 

President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 
Vice President Finance 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Communications 
Commissioner of Operations! 

Services 8r Enterprises 
Commissioner of Programming 
Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
College Senators 

A sue S D File with the A.SI Secretary GENERAL (Third Floor, Price Center) 0 • 0 0 0 0 0 0 before Monday, March 29. 
• 0 0 0 

ELECTION For more information, 
SPRING ' 93 call 534-4450. 

Now ENROLLlNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

(,? jJ Gill©mll ~@~5@w @@Q[][[@@ 
6y Co{um6ia 1(Jview 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIA S TRAINI G PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
·1 TE SIVE MCAT prep and med school application assistan c is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD·traincd 

academic M.D. ' 5, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLI H 
PROFo'E OR 

• 12 WEEKS (t 50+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing. 
problem solving, reading/writing work hops. rcvi cw groups, med chool 
application and admissions stratcgies, and lutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take·home review t1ote~ and fonn ula sheets, 
reading and writing study guides. MCA T and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and tnned ex:uns written by MCAT experts 

• REAL MCA T materials distributed to all enrolled students 
• DIRECT CO TA T with physicians and current medical students 
• T TORI G and MeAT LIBRARY pnvilcgcs 
• LOWER TUITIO than other courses m CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 

456·4848 

-

• 4457 



4 PINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

Trte LlCSD GlWfll." I, pUOIlshecllwlce I _ at the Un/venl"l' of Cal,foml • . San OIego. Contents 
(>1993. Views .. pre.sees nereln represent the mlljolity vote of the edltoriallxwd. and If. not 

necel senty tho .. of the UC eoa'" of Retents. the ASUCSD. 001 the enti" Guardian .. off. 

We're Dunking For DoI_. 
Everyoneknow Ihal the UniversityofCalifomiai ina bad way, 

fmancially peaking. New of fee increases, looming staff and 
faculty cut and similar disasters are by now old hat. The university 
is in for a 101 of pain, Ihat much is certain. The que tion of late h 
been how LO often the blow. especially for tudents who stand to be 
hurt the most. 

The UCSD admini lration is apparently hard at work scrounging 
foraltemative funding ources for tudent financial aid, among other 
things. The search has not been easy. J uSllast week, Vice-Chancellor 
of Undergraduate Affairs Joe Watson provided a hint as to j ust how 
de pemte the administration 's search has become. At Ihe chancellor' 
forum la I Thursday, Wat on ugge ted that a IO-kilometer run 
might be an excellent way to generate financial aid money. Undenhe 
circumstances, it might not be such a bad idea. ln a imilar spirit of 
enterprise, we would like to offer a few other ugge tion : 

• A bake ale on Revelle Plaza: Everyone loves a bake sale. ff all 
five colleges worked together, the variety of baked good would be 
endless. A multitude of cakes, crullers, friners and cookies of every 
shape, ize and flavor would be for sale - not to ment ion the usual 
contingent of mincemeat pies. 

• A celebrity car wash at the ARCO tation: Everyone loves a car 
wash. At five dollars per car over the course of, say, a three-day 
weekend, the university could tum a nice profit. Add celebrity 
attractions, uch as a Jonas Salk dunk tank or pin-the-tail-on-the-
chancellor, and students would never have to wony about financial 
aid again. 

• A Casino Nite in the Main Gym: Everyone loves to gamble. 
Black tie ... $500 a head .. . All for the good of the kids. And, if 
nothing else, it' tax deductible. 

• A sales conte t: Everyone loves sales contests. They encourage 
competition and enterprise and generate a healthy en e of camara-
derie. Student could ell magazine subscripLions or. better still, $1 
candy bars. Of course, the stakes would nece sarily be high. First 
prize could be a top of the line Aiwa stereo ystem. Second prize 
could be a green parking permit. And third prize? Third prize is 
you' re expelled. Now that's incentive. And it certainly would solve 
the problem of overcrowded e1as es. 

All of thi is ab urd, of course - but no less absurd than a IO-k 
run or imilarly dubious ventures. With all due respect to Vice-
Chancellor Wat on, when the university tarts seriously considering 
uch ~nrel iable fund-raising scheme as a viable way of aiding 

finanCially-strapped tudents, omeone i obviously not on the ball. 
In light of the university's present hard times, it must make 

adequate financial aid a top priority. The state of California has 
pledged to make public higher education available to the top 12.5 
percent of it high chool graduates. Higher fees may be inevitable, 
but financial con traints should not necessarily exclude otherwise 
qualified students from a university education. The stale must use 
whatever measures are available to make good on its pledge, and 
spare the university the indignity of reducing itself to the level of a 
common street beggar, urban school district or public television 
station . Running a university is difficult enough as it is. 

11Ie Big Fuss Over at lhird 
Who would have guessed that renaming Third College after the 
I~te Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, a champion of civil 
nghts, would meet any resi tance? But apparently some Third 
students are outraged that campus adrnini trators did not consult 
with them before pursuing the change. 

The e student have a point - Third College wa founded 
through the efforts of students, and for too long tudent input has 
either been rejected or ignored. But the fact remains that renaming 
Third after Marshall is an excellent idea, one mo t tudents eem to 
agree with. Fai ling to get tudent input on the matter doesn' t change 
that fact. 

Contrary to the claims of orne opponent , the Third College 
philosophy will not vani h in a trail of vapors simply because 
Political Science Professor Peter Irons, Third College Provost Cecil 
Lytle and Chancellor Richard Atkin on failed to call up each Third 
tudent and get hi or her opinion on the maner. 

Renaming Third after Marshall should not be rejected simply 
because the admini tration made the decision without asking tu-
dent . This situation hardly ets a precedent that will jeopardize 
student input forever. The renaming process may not have been 
perfect, but the end re ult is nothing to be ashamed of. 

Th UC D Guardian Thursday, March 11, 1993 

PINION 

2,?02 Tor Q . ~"'U; "T, 
APARTMCNT A, 

SIJ""fIIY $T"tE.T. 
S""" o'iGO f!)o.rcb \ \ ~" 93 
:;"'-:1 U.C.~wts 

Q()4;:. /;h,c..cs",.~ ~ cnrLe... 
I $[1003i'Z] 
:>.tt.n 

J:Q.s~ 

ANOTHER WHITE GUY IN 
LOVE WITH BLACK BEAUTY 

COMMENTARY: Coming to tmderstand the new cultures that have been created 
in American society is a necessary step in destroying the baniers that separate us 

"When you know the white yet 
hold onto the black, 

You'll be the model for the 
COLIllfry • • . 

You'll retllm to the condition 
which has no limits." 

-LaO-T:II , The Tao 

seems to leave out of the equation an awareness of the fact 
thac mutual re pect sometimes requires mutual criticism. 

Still, I can't deny that "black"/Afro-Caribbean culture 
has had a huge influence on me. Since the late I 980s, I've 
seen a whole new generation of white, Latino and Asian 
kids coming up who move through "black" subcultures 
like rap or reggae with an assurance possible only for 

Four years ago 
this spring, I was 
covering Ziggy 
Marley on his 
"Conscious Party" 
lOur in Texas. In 

I!!-~~~~~!! people who are in their natural milieu. 
What, I wonder, is Ihe color of the culture 
we're creating together? GREGORY 

STEPHEns 
Austin, Rita Marley 
showed up to su-

pervise the children she bore to reggae 
legend Bob Marley. Valeria and I danced 
beside her that night, and afterwards, when 
he spotted us backstage, she called out: 

"Lee and Molly!" 
"Ya, moo!" ] said. We had already 

adopted Ziggy's tale about intenaciallov-
ers as "our song": "Lee and Molly/Another 
while guy in love with a black beauty ... 
these days men have no boUfldaries." 

I think at the time I saw that line as a son 
of honorific title. I was a songwriter in a 
multiracial band, and no doubt it was an ego 
boost when black people would cosign on 
my participation in "black" culture. In ret-
rospect there may have been an irony in 
Ziggy ' lyricsthatImi sed. There seems to 
be a whiff of "Iungle Fever" tereotyping 
- an implication that a "white guy in love 
with black beaUly" is probably love-blind 
and has wandered from his own home turf. 
He ' probably, on some level, a culture 
vulture. 

I've .... 
whoIe .. w 
........ of 
wh."te, LatIno 
... A-..Idda 
conllngupwho 
move...".... 
MbIack" 
_bcultu .... 
I ....... or 
......... What, 
I Wonder, .s the 
color of the 
culture w.'r. 
creatliW 
together? 

One urn mer Valeria and I went to 
Iamaica for Reggae Sunsplash. We stayed 
above Montego Bay with a dread from 
Kingston and his Australian wife. They 
had carved a private tropical kingdom out 
of the rocks on that hill. We slept in a 
round, stone cottage under a stained glass 
window with the faces of our intenacial 
hosts, ]1 was a beautiful setting overlook-
ing the Caribbean, but to get to Splash we 
had to walk through downtown MoBay . 

Locals looked at Valeria's braids and 
decided she was a Jamaican I had "bought" 
- a "rent-a-dread." They took that as a 
license to cal I her "bitch, ""whore, .. "pussy" 
and so on. They also insulted me at every 
opportunity, telling me, "You got no cul-
ture, white boy," "Give me your woman" 
and "Go home." After nearly getting in 
fights a couple of times, I decided there 
was nothing we could do but walk as fast as 
possible. 

Just before we left the i land we went 
down to Sam Sharpe Square to buy gifts 
for friends. There were the u ual problems 
with vendors assuming we were rich, ha-
rassing us, trying to play guilt trips. We 

I till u e this phrase with tongue-in-cheek when J am 
writing one of my fellow Anglos involved in co-creating 
or consuming "black" culture. But as I've di tanced 
myself from my earlier idealization of black culture and 
attempted to approach "black beauty" with the same 

retreated 10 a bench, and when an older man approached 
u with some drum , I tried to wave him off. 

"Please excuse dese rude people, but not all we like 
dem," he said. "Oem scare off alliourist and no one see 
our real cullcha. Let me show you," he said, taking up a 
drum. "Dis here is the One Drop," he said, pounding out 
a simple rhythm. '1'he heartbeat riddim of Jamaica. You 
gOllo/eel il. mono Who feels ii, knows it, seen?" 

tandards I'd apply to beauty of any olher color, I've 
become Ie comfortable with any self-definition that 
peg me as some sort o(goggle-eyed cultural tourist. 

For one thing, I'm wary of black-and-white descrip-
tion that exclude the influence that Native American 
Latino and A ian cultures have had on me. And it al~ 

• 

Quoting Marley, he got through my defenses. I talked 
with him for a while and bought two of his drums. He 
looked me in the eye and said, "You love black people, 

See BEAUTY, Page 7 

Thursday, March Il, 1993 

SEEING 
THROUGH 
THE SMOKE 
COMMENI'ARY: Keeping 
UCSD 'smoke-free' is a right 
for people who don't smoke and 
an obligation for people who do 
By Damen Scranton 
Associate Opinion Editor 

One of my friends came up to me the other day 
and started complaining about the fact that he 
couldn't buy cigarettes anywhere on campus. He 
had just visited the Sunshine Store in search of a 
pack of Camel Filters and the man at the counter 
had said, "I'm ny, but th is i a sllIoke-free 
campus." That' what employees in the Sunshine 
Store, at least, are instructed to say. 

Yes, putting it that way is a bit of lap in the face 
and no, it doesn't take a genius to see that Califor-
nia, let alone the University of Califomia at San 
Diego, is incredibly down on smoking. But that's 
quite understandable. The people have a pretty 
good case against cigarettes. 

More Americans die each year of illnesses 
linked to cigarette smoking than of any othercause. 
The exact exlent to which ailments such as lung 
cancer and heart disease are related to moking is 
always up for debate, but there are obvious physi-
cal repercussions. And recent srudies have also 
produced undeniable evidence pointing to the 
hazards of second-hand smoke and smoking by 
pregnant women. 

And the overall health costs of cigarette smok-
ing are staggering. According to a Hearing before 
the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, 
Americans spend over $22 billion annually in 
medical bills treating smokers and smoke-related 
illnesses. Including tobacco sales and estimated 
lost production due 10 tobacco-related ailments, 
that number soars to over $82 billion a year in the 
U.S. alone. Once again, it is impossihle to calculate 
ex.actly how much tobacco smoking cosrs our 
country, or the world for that maner, but there are 
obvious economic repercussions, too. 

Using these same arguments over the past 
decade, the state of California has aggressively 
campaigned, both socially and legalJy, to get its 
residents to kick the nicotine habit. Controversial 
taXes on cigarettes have funded controversial ad-
vertisements that target children and anempt to 
SlOp smoking before it begins, and these cam-
paigns have been largely successful. 

Thanks to dozens oflaws passed in the last few 
years, smokers are fmding it more difficult to light 
up in public places such as restaurants, office 
buildings and sporting arenas. Spaces that were 
once polluted by people who aren't considerate 
enough to keep their smoke to themselves are now 
actually inhabitable by those with asthma, emphy-
sema or smoke-related allergies. UCSD smokers 
were upset when the Grove Caffe relegated them 
to a small, somewhat secluded area next to the Old 
Student Center parking 101 earlier this school year. 
But. in my opinion, if your moke can even be 
smelled by someone who doesn't want 10 smell it, 
then you're smoking tooc\ose. They're not sitting 
too c\ose 10 you. You're"SITlOking tooc\ose to them . 

But !here's more to this smoking issue than 
health, economics and common courtesy. It is a 
problem that goesmuch deeper than all of that. One 
of the reasons that UCSD is such a "smoke-free" 
campus is because it is such an upper·dass, white 
school. I don 'twantto make a racial issue out of this 
-I love this school and think that. in general, the 
students here are great The fact is that more lower-
class minorities smoke, in the U.S. and worldwide, 
because the neighbotboods in which they live are 
being bombarded by the tobacco companies' ad-
vertising campaigns.! read once that the number of 
billboard and sidewalk cigarette advertisements in 
Philadelphia's poorer communities was over 400 
percent higher than in its wealthier white residen-
tial areas. 

As a result of much of the newfound infonna-
tion !hat confums the serious health risks of to-
bacco and cigarette smoking, millions of Ameri-

see SMOKE, Page 6 

OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: As last week's kidnapping of an African-American tudent howed, 
campus police are missing in action when it comes to serving the min rity community 

THE CASE OF THE MISSING COPS 

GAYE 

JOHnson 

When you look at 
cases of poli e negli-
gence or discrimination, 
it 'seasyloget idetrncked 
by all the legal jargon -
what constitules this, 
what d n't constitute 
that. Pretty soon it gets to 
the point where you don 't 
know if you were right or 
wrong in the first pIa e. 

But sometimes you 
just have to look at the 
issue for what it is, be-
cause when peopledon 't., 

a situation which really does constitute discrimi-
nation is turned into tegal penn iss ion. 

Well, here ' a prime example, and a very 
I aI one at that: last week, an African-American 
female was kidnapped from campus, driven 
around for approximately eight hours. and even-
tually escaped in Pacific Be.'\ch. 

Aside from the fact that thi was a traumatic 
experience, there was a context set by the even 
leading up to it which could very well suggest 
negligence on the part of the UCSD Police 
Depanmenl Not only had she reported numer-
ous times that there was someone stalking her, 
the police did not advise the Third College 
Residential Life Office to release a community 
bulletin, alening residents to possible danger. 

Their reason for this was that this was a 
"personalized" case; that because an individual 
was being stalked, no one else was in danger. 

oW,l'm not a cop and I'm not a detective, 
but I do know that if one resident is in such grave 
danger, there is potential for danger to others. 
This man was po ing as a solicitor, someone who 
moved freely among the on-campus apartments 
and residence halls. 

Because the offices of Residential Life oper-
ate on an advisory basis with the UCSD police. 
the only bulletins they were advised to release 
were regarding the iUegality of solicitation on 
campus. 

This not on\ydownplayed the victim's fear as 
ilJegitinlate, it kept necessary, precautionary in-

fonnation from the residential community. Alier 
numerous complaints, the only thing the UCSD 
poli e had to offer was a detective whose job was 
basically to collect wrinen infonnation. No field 
detective, no real consolation. 

Getting back ro the legal jargon, the poli e 
can 't really do anything about a stalker unt il he 
physically touche.~ the victim. But that's nOl 
where the discrepancy lies: releasing a descrip-
tion of the perpetr,llor w discouraged by the 
police, according to the Third College Resident 
Dean. In fact, in the end, it was the decision of the 
Resident Dean to put out a community alert the 
night of the kidnapping, describing the perpetra-
tor and providing residents with safety tips. Not 
Ihe police, the Resident Dean. 

Most can recaU the rape of the woman on 
Gilman Drive: a Caucasian woman was raped by 
an African-American male. There was more 
infonnation released and publicized about the 
crime of an African-American male in an off-
camplls incident than there was about u white 
male perpetrator on can1pus. 

Again, the police claim this recent inc idem is 
a personalized crime, and therefore does not 
warrant the releaseofinfonnationsince there was 
no real danger to other residents. But if you read 
over many past police repons, there are some as 
vague as a " 'uspicious character" fining the 
description: "African-American male with brief-
case." 

We can easily accept the explanat.ion of the 
UCSD Police Department. But let me juxtapose 
this situation with another recenl one invol ving 
an African-American male. 

Last week, an African-Amerielm Third stu-
dent was walking to his car when he saw a 

parking officer writing our a ticket. He told the 
officer he was about to leave, but the officer 
decided to give him the ticket anyway. When the 
individual anempted to Ie.we, the officer blocked 
the way, scratching his car. The tudent got out of 
the car. and the officer proceeded to block the 
doorway so he couldn't re-enter the car. When 
the student brushed past him to get in. the parldng 
officer called for police backUp: sit police C:U'!; 

~howed up. they handcuffed him and took him to 
jail. Sixcan.? You tell me. 

So here we have it: two questionable inci-
dents which, if looked at for what they are, have 
some seriOliS implications about the meial cli-
mate of UCSD' Police Department as a whole. 

1n my opinion, the handling of the kidnapping 
case was under-prioritized at be!,t, and mcist at 
worst. I think thepolicedepmtment did what they 
had to do to say they had done everything they 
could have done. It was simply a poorly handled 
case. And the question becomes. "why?" 

Look at the police repons of white female 
victims of similar crimes and you ' IJ see a consis-
tent Ihoroughnes..~ absent in th ill elISe. Yet you've 
never seen a more thorough report when the 
perpetrator is 'll l African-American. 

You tell me what I'm supposed to do with a 
description like "African-American with brief-
case." I'IJ be suspecting the (few) black profes-
sors on campus; I'll be looking at evely profes-
sional African-American asa potent ial crimmal. 
lfthal is how I look at it,ldon'teven wanttoguess 
at the secret suspicions of many whites on this 
campus. 

The incident with the African-American and 
the six police cars speaks for itself - I hope. It 
does not take six cars to secure an unam1ed man 
who hl'llshes past a parking officer. Intimidation 
tactics, while often effective. are a tack)' substi-
tute for fair thinking. Especially in an institute 
known for boasting its intelligence. 

At thi point, no one wants to say for sure 
whether or not the irresponsible handling of these 
incidents has rdCial undertones. Looking at the 
big picture. taking into account other crimes, 
other v ictims, and descriptions of \Yhite perpetra-

See KIDNAP, Page 6 

GIVING CREDIT WHERE CREDIT IS DUE 
Editor: 

In your SIOry about Jerry Brown's visit on 
March I ("Gov. Brown Pushes Campaign 
Refonn." March 4), you completely failed to 
mention that he was brought here by the 
College Democrats. Club members worked 
very hard to make the event possible, and the 
event was a tremendous success. packing the 
Price Center Theuter so much that people had 
to stand in the back. Their work shou Id not be 
neglected. 

As a student newspaper, the Gllardian 
should be sympathetic and supportive of stu-
dent activi m. 

It was especially ungenerous and in bad 
taste to leave out mention of the College 
Democrats as we were the ones who set up the 
interview with Ihe Glfardian. 

Hosting Jerry Brown is part of our larger 
program to inform the student body that the 
only real solulion to the university' fee in-
crease and other problems is a political olu-
tion - in particular, we need a new governor. 

Former Governor Jerry Brown's support 
of students, both in his comments and by 
coming here (Republicans ignore students) 
contrasts greatly with Govemor Pete "Scrooge" 
Wilson ' callousness. If the Guardian feels its 
objectivity is impaired by supporting student 
organizations, be as ured that nothing is lost 
by accuracy. 

It is a great di appointment to have to bring 
this to your anention. 

Darrel Menthe 
President, UCSD Democrats 

Editor's Note: The omission lI'as unilllell-
tiollol. The Gllordiall regrets the error. 

• 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Gua-dlan weklomes letters from lIS readers. We reserve /he 
nghr CO « 11[ (or lengrh and clarifY. Send aI/letters CO: 

The Guardian 
OpInIon EdiCDr 

9500 GITman Dr. 0316 
fA Jolla, CA 9209J.0316 

What About cafe Diana? 
Editor: 

Because you have chosen to ignore an 
important new phenomenon on campus (in 
favor of other priorities, such as harass ing and 
misrepresenting the Women's Resource Cen-
ter), you have left the task up to studenls to 
spread the word about the new student-run 
coffeehouse on campus. Fortunately, thi hasn 't 
been too difficult. because word-of-mouth has 
traveled fast about Cafe Diana at Ihe CM Cafe. 

First of all, Cafe Diana fill s a need. Before 
il exislence, there was no comfortable (Ihey 
have couches!), creative, tudent-run (as op-
posed to corporate or administrative) environ-
ment for tudying, gathering and communing 
on campu (not to mention ,my place open past 

I 1:30 p.m.)! 
Cafe Diana is also special because of what 

it represents, which is the realization of stu-
dent dreams. A handful of hardworking slu-
dent were dedicated and imaginative enough 
to make this happen, and they have created an 
environment which is truly one of the wann-
est, friendliest, most creative, comfortable and 
hllmall places on campus. Furthermore. any-
one can get involved, work there and provide 
their creative input. 

Finally, Cafe Diana is a student-run coop-
erative business which has achieved great 
success in a short period of time with little 
publicity and no administrative support, testi-
mony to the creative possibilities for student 
autonomy of the kind which the administra-
tion is currently trying to wipe out. 

Its success is another example of the im-
portance of and student demand for alterna-
tives to busine ses such as those at the High 
Plice Center. 

Lisa Rosen 
Editor's Note: The Guardiall ran a story 0 11 

Cafe Diana in the Jan. 19 issue. An editorial 
wasalso nm in t"eJan. 2 1 issue whichpraised 
the openillg of Cafe Diana. 

More on the Herd 
Editor: 

We would like to point out that Chri tians 
are the only group that openly admit they are 
members of a flock. 

Christian translation: "Baaaaaaaaah 
baaaaaaaaaaaah baaaah." 

Atheo-Agnostic Liberation Front 



6 OPINION The D Guardian 

DON~TBELIEVE THE NEGATIVE PORTRAYALS OF MUSLIMS 
Editor: 

The lslami Center of San Diego does not con-
dooe any act of violence against innocent civilians, 
whether such ts are perpetrated by individuals, 
organizations or nations. With regard to the World 
Trade Cenrer bombing. we share the outrage of our 
fellow Americans over the loss of iJUlOCenr lives. 

At the same time. we feel that the cin:wnstances 
surrounding the:urestof a Muslim suspect are murky. 
We encourage an objc:ctive investigation to enswe 
that this man is not being used as a scapegoat to 
reLieve the intense public pressure for an arrest that 
followed the bombing. We caution our fellow citi-
zens to avoid ubscribing to the outrageous notions 
that most or all Muslim are terrorists, that I lam is a 
\'i lem religion and that American Muslims must be 
regarded with fear and suspicion. 

Unfortunately. this is the message we fear is being 
conveyed to the American public by a sometimes 
h ystericaJ news media. in spite of the f tICt that hil.1ori-
cally. very few acts of domestic terrorism have been 
canied out by Muslims. A media double standard is 
apparent:the faroticalTexascult leader Dav id Koresh 
is nOi held us an example of "Christian terrorism:' yet 
any act allegedly perpetr.lIed by u Muslim i de-

~ribcd <1.\ an act of "lslamic terrorism." 
Already. a variety of ~-<:alled terrori$m "ex-

perts" have been quoted in the prim media and on the 
airwav~ waming of "Islamic fundamemali .,ttcrror-

READERS' 

FORUM 
iSl "in the United States aCting under the "cover" of 
rei igiousorcharitableorganizarions.Invariably.these 
self-styled "experts" are v at upponers of anti-
Islamic views or are rep~ntatives of '1hink tanks" 
that have a markedly anti-Islamic bias. 

The effects of thi campaign against American 
Mu lims aresever.li. First. it creates an atmosphere in 
which the civi l right~ of member.. of these communi-
ties can be violated with linle public outcry. For 
instance, it was reported on March 4 that the mosque 
at which the suspect worshipped was closed by the 
FBI. If any church, synagogue or temple were hut 
down imply because a suspect in a crime wor-

~hipped there. a public outcry would (rightfully) 

ensue. We condemn the closure of any mosque as 
a violation of the fundameJ1lal civil righe of free-
dom of religion for American Muslims. 

In addition, we feel that the3lJOOSphereoffear 
and uspicion created allow for escalated di -
crimination and harassment against American 
Muslims. During the Gulf War. American Mus-
lim and Arab-Americans were the targets of FBI 
interrogations and vicious hate crimes which 
included arson. vandalism and even the place-
ment of an incendiary device in the Islamic Center 
of San Diego. 

Such harassment has a "chlllingeffeet" on our 
community. People are afraid to voice their per-
spectives on i ues very dear to them (such as the 
genocide in Bosnia) for fear of becoming the 
targets of FBI harassment or hate crimes by 
ignorant and intolerant individuals. This chilling 
effect may also be exhibited by decreased contri-
butions to lslanlic charities, organizations and 
schools in the United Stales. 

Non-Muslim Americans have 110 reason to 
regard their fellow American Mu lims with fear, 
suspicion or hatred. Similarly, we feel that Ameri-
can Muslim should not have to fear their non-
Mu lim neighbors. 

Islamic Center of an Diego 
San Diego Muslim Youth Council 

Muslim Student Association at UCSD 

COME HEAR ROSS PEROT 
SPEAK ON SATURDAY! 

• Admission is FREE • 
(~o tickets required) 
SAN DIEGO 

Jturday. March 13 • 10:30 M 
C an Diego ' Price enter omplex 

Myers Dri e La Jol\a 
For in{c)fmorio/f call 279-585 or 569-0549 

Unitcd Wc Stand Anlcrica 

"You own this country! Together we have a voice." 
-Ross Perot 

.J () 1 \ IS. \ () I ( \ \ \1'''. \ Ill ••• H. \ ( • I \ I II. • I I I H. (). I III, ( () I \ I H' . 
TOGETHER WE CAN RECLAIM OUR ROLE AS OWNERS OF AMERICA. 
~lIli1oll' of,upponcr.. alld \ ol untecr., "fUllllcd We . tand '\mcrlca made hl,tory III the 1992 cleClion. They are mOling forward to: 

• CrCalC a government Ihat comes from the JlCople --Ilot at Ihem. 
• Reform Ihe federal government at allle\els. 
• Ila,e a HOI ernmellt "here Ihe elected olrictals 

come to ,ene --Ilot ea,h tn . 
• PUI our I)COple bac~ to "ork. 
- Oalanee the budge!. 

- Pay our national debt. 
• Make health-care available and affordable. 
, Gel rid of foreign lobbyists. 
, el rid of rAe's. 
• "1a~e our ncighborhoods !>afe. 
• Create Ihe fille,1 public hools for our children. 

LET'S PASS THE AMERICAN DREAM ON TO OUR CHILDREN. 
1'0 b,'come a 11l~11lber. send 15" Ilh the appil atioll fonn below or bring the limn "lIh you "hen you come to hear Ro s Perot speak. 
'Ibur membcr..hlp due, "III bc used 10 keep you 111formed about Ihe crHlcal i ,ucs faCing thi ' country, and to creale the Electronic 
Towil lI all. 

-- ~ --~----------- ~ ------------~--- ~-o I: nclo~ed I my 15 chcc~ or moncy order for my For annual gin memberships. pica c include name. addrc s & 
annua.lmcmhcrship. payable 10 nited We land phone number for each person. on a epa rate piece of paper, 
Amem·a. Inc. (()cpl #20-l ) cnclosing 1- for each membership. 

( lIunf\ 

Please harge my annual membership to my redi! card: 
V~A IWlEIOID 011(0111 AlI£lKAM 1mB! 

[It :JlJl ~ II D~ Dg~ __ 
J would like to make an addilional ontribution to UW A. 

n acknowledgement card will be sent to ea h gift recipient. 

SEND THIS FORM TO: 
United We Stand America, Inc. 
Dept. 2047 
PO BOX 6 
Dalla • TX 75221 

OR 111116 THIS FORM WITH TOU WIIIN TOU COlE TO HW lOSS rEIOT SPW. 

United We Stand America, Inc. 
'" 25 ___ 50 tOO _ Other ConrnbuIIOnS and membershIp (etl are nor rill dedu IIhle 
--------------------------------------

Thursday, March It , 1993 

SMOKE: Clearing 
the air at the university 
Continued from page 5 
cans have kicked the habit and more and 
more are 1101 getting started every day. Ln 
search of lost revenue, American to-
bacco companies have turned their at-
tention abroad. focusing on the billions 
of underinfooned peoples of underde-
veloped countries in the Third World. 

"In these poor countries." writes 
Alice Walker in an essay on smoking, 
"as in American ghenos and on reserva-
tions, money that should be spent for 
food goes instead to the tobacco compa-
nies; over time, people starve them-
selves of both food and air. effectively 
weakening and addicting their children, 
eventually eradicating themselves." 

I have seen death in the form of a 
linle white tobacco-tilled wand. , have 
seen family members and fami ly friends 
lowly and effectively kill themselves. 

wheezing through words and coughing 
all the way up a cantankerou flight of 
tairs. I have seen what moking does. 

And till, I made the conscious deci-
sion to have a cigarene every once in a 
while. Which tumed into every now and 
then. Which twned into a linletoo often. 
And is now kind of like a borderline 
problem ... or something. 

What one does with his or her own 
body is his or her own perogative. That·s 
a given in my book. Nicotine i addic-
tiveand smoking is not a good habit,juSl 
like caffeine and alcohol and a 101 of 
other thing in thi world But just as 
smokers don't need to be bitched out by 
people who have 110 idea what it's liketo 
really need a cigarene. asthmatics and 
pregnant women don't need someone 
else's problem blowing in their face all 
the time. 

So. in replytomy friend and all other 
UCSD smokers who are down on this 
campus for being down on them. I say 
thi ' : I'm glad UCSD is a" moke-free" 
campus, no maner how annoying it is to 
hear a non-smoker say it. 

Smoking sucks. It's dumb, it kill 
you, it kills those around you and it 
makes the unscrupulously immoral, rich 
white men who own the tobacco com-
panieseven richer. If you havetosmoke, 
which, r realize. is just the way it is with 
smokers, take it somewhere else and 
keep it to yourself. It's only fair,and it's 
only logical. 

KIDNAP: Police 
action was questionable 
Continued from page 5 
tors compared to those of African-
American perpetrators, it certainly war-
rants questioning. Given the makeup of 
the adm inistration and the prejudiced 
undenones of the university itself, hav-
ing to question one's safety and legiti-
macyas an African-American on this 
campus is enough to boost animosity. 
No one should have to question their 
own safety. especially when they're 
paying for it. Especially with these fees. 

Based on past incidents, this is what 
I see: Anyone whose political reputa-
tion is at Slake with the outcome of this 
case is downplaying it. The facts point-
ing to these cases being racially.oo-
entedarequestionable. Butthat' enough 
to make me stan asking sonne qUeSlions. 

Joseph Watson, the police, and any 
other administrativebody can downplay 
it. But they can't get away from the 
disparity between cases involving white 
victims and cases involving black vic-
tims.Andgoingonthecompositedraw-
ings of African-American u pects, 
you'd have more luck keeping your eye 
out for some minstrel tigure than you 
wouldforthe"average" African-Ameri-
can criminal. 

I think these incidents point 10 neg-
Jigence, and I'd be kidding myself Il()( to 
ask why. 

Thursday, Mar h 11 , 1993 TIll' D G uardian 7 

UNCOVERING THE FAlSEHOODS IN THE "CO-OP F ACT SHEET~ 
Editor: 

An anonymous flyer entitled "Co-
op Fact Sheet" was di tributed at the 
Feb. 25 Library Rededication Cer-
emony. This flyer attempt to dispel 
common misconceptions about the 
co-op by utilizing a myth/fact format 
in which a myth is tated and then 
refuted with purported fact. Unfortu-
nately, the authors appear to have 
ome confusion as to what constitutes 

fact and what i indeed a uppo it ion. 
, take particular offense with item 
one and five. which make erroneous 
tatements concerning the efficiency 

of Associated Students Enterprises 
and the notion offair play. Such slan-
derous attacks on the students who 
manage and operate these businesses 
cannot go unchecked. The two items 
from the flyer to which I am referring 
read as follows: 

"I) Myth: Co-ops are being unrea-
sonable and are refusing to make any 
concessions. 

"Fact: Co-ops have agreed to pay 
a 33 percent higher rent, and, in addi-
tion, are taking on payroll co ts, work-
ers' compensation in urance, liabil-
ity in urance, utility costs and gar-
bage cost , meaning that the co-op 

BEAUTY: Love 
blackness without 
rejecting whiteness 
ContInued from page 4 
don't you?" 

"Yes, ' do," I confessed. The sim-
plicity of his question caught me off 
guard. But that love was becoming 
complicated. I took back with me a 

direct cost will be ignificantly higher 
than that faced by A.S. Enterprises 
uch as Soft Reserve . 

"5) Myth: Co-ops have 'unsound' 
business practices. 

"Fact: The co-op busine se run 
significantly more efficiently than 
A.S. Enterprises. Unlike A.S. Enter-
prises which tend to charge above-
marlcet prices, co-op charge below-
market prices. For instance, the Grove 
Caffe charges roughly five percent 
more for coffee than does Espre 0 
Roma, even though the Grove Caffe 
has roughly the same COT as the co-
op . On the other hand. the co-op are 
about five to 10 percent cheaper than 
their direct competition. the Univer-
siry Bookstore and the Sunshine Store. 
One cannoi maintain this level of 
efficiency without having sound busi-
ness practices." 

These statements paint a false pic-
ture of the situation. To begin with, 
the concessions referred to are merely 
an agreement by the co-ops to pay 
their fair share. Further, the reference 
to a 33 percent rent increase is so 
misleading, it borders on the crimi-
nal. The increase occurs over the life 
of two con ecutive five-year lea es. 

single by the singer Dennis Brown, 
with lyrics so similar to the words of 
the men on the streets: "Go away and 
stay away. YOII ' re acting like a vlIl-
tIlre." 

Last year I wrote about this expe-
rience in the UC Davis paper. A young 
white student wrote me: "I,too, 'love 
black people, .. ' he admined. "But I 
often find that this love conflicts with 
my love for rap music when Ice Cube 

READERS' 

FORUM 
and doesn't break the 30 percent bar-
rier until year JI'l'en! During the first 
two leases, their rent is 47 cents per 
square foot - precisely what A.S. 
enterprises housed in the same facil-
ity currently pay. 

I would be interested to see how 
the claim of co-ops facing "signifi-
cantly higher" costs can be substanti-
ated. Our rent and workmen's com-
pen alion insurance are the same, 
which leaves only liability insumnce, 
utilitie and labor cost to consider. 
Since A.S. Enterpri e fall under the 
aegi ofUCSD,wearecurrentlycov-
ered by their blanket insurance policy, 
and also receive the historical waiver 
of utility fee granted all student orga-

promotes violence against Koreans 
or Big Daddy Kane treats women a 
objects for his own pleasure." He then 
asked me some telling questions: 
"Why do I often wonder what black 
people think of me when they see me? 
Why do , feel stupid when my black 
friends tell me to top acting black?" 

This was my advice. ew lan-
guages are not leamed overnight. 
When you ' ve gone into the roots of 

nizations. The co-ops refuse to have 
the ame association, and therefon: 
fall outside this liability and benefit 
umbrella. 

Our position in the university 
means we are also required to pay 
employees at UCSDwage rates which 
are much higher than either the law or 
market dictates. Our minimum wage. 
for example, is 15 percenthigherthan 
any out ide vendor·s. This disparity 
incompensation widens sub tal1lially 
as an employee's duties increase. re-
ulting in an enornlOUS labor cost 

burden for the Enterprises. 
The co-ops. on the other hand. 

must bear no such burden. They pay 
workers very low wages, and in some 
case no wages at all. Even if the A.S. 
could do this, we wouldn't want to. In 
addition to offering needed goods and 
services to the UCSD community. 
A.S. Enterprises create high-paying 
jobopponunities for students. In light 
of astronomical student fees and the 
state of our local economy, this fa tis 
crucial. 

Delving deeper into this abyss of 
absurdity. the tlyersupposedly proves 
A.S. Enterpri es' inefficiency by 
"breaking the tory" that a cup of 

thi culture deep enough, then you ' ll 
be able to taLk in a voice that has black 
"accents" but is your own, with your 
own inflection. When you know your 
history and can talk back without 
trying to talk black, then you' ll find 
plenty of dialogue partners. When 
you're able to love blackness without 
rejecting whitene ,then you'll be 
able to "retum to the condition which 
has no limits." 

~CA LI FORN I At 
\VOODFIR&;O PIZZA® 

PROUDLY ANNOUNCES THE OPENING OF ITS 
DEL MAR LOCATION 

12925 EL CAMINO REAL 
259-6600 

coffee at the Grove Caffe costs five 
percent more than at Espre so Roma 
(an outside vendor not affiliated with 
the A.S.). 

Even if we were to ignore the 
obvious wage rate di parity between 
lhetwocoffeehouses, the fact remains 
that Espresso Roma is a large chain 
which takes advantage of its econo-
mies of scale by roasting their own 
coffee beans at a facility in onhern 

alifornia. TIle Grove Caffe does not 
have this co~t-saving luxury. What it 
doe have, however. is the commit-
mt:nt to offer the finest coffee in the 
area. 

A.S. Enterprises are non-profit 
entities. Any surplus they generate is 
set aside for capital improvements, 
amortizat ion and expansion expenses. 
as well as supplementing A.S. ser-
vil:es which include: U.S. Grants. A.S. 
I.ntcrnshipOffice. VolunteerConnec-
tion, Extended Study Hours and the 
Airport Holiday Shuttle. The exist-
ence of the Enterprises help to make 
these valuable services available to 
students at 110 cost! 

John S. Christensen 
Commissioner of Operations! 

Services & Enterpri es, A UCSD 

We're Looking 
For a Few Good 

Writers ••• 

at 1be Guardian 

1.5 to the Del Mar Heights Road exit, east on Del Mar Heights Road, right on EI Camino Real. 
Sammy's is located in Del Mar Highlands Town Center next to Edward's Cinema. 

also visit our 
orlglnallocafion al 

702 PEARL STREET - LA JOLLA - 456-5222 



~ $ 395DINNER 
You buy a dinner combo 
plate and we'll buy you an 
additional choice for 
F RE E 

StfwdontNsum<platt. 
Dnt' coupon ptr ntSlOnttr 
PltU5t JirO"1 )'()Itf 
UCSDID 
E"I"rcs ],]l i9J 

LUNCH COMBINATION PLATE $2.95 
Down the hillfrom UTC ... 
near Rubio's in the 

RENAISSANCE CENTER 
8935 Towne Centre Drive 

111 

Taste the Best! 

535-1688 
\teO Your Frl--eiiiijJ 

t ~·n ___ d 

Th UC D Guardian 

MAKE THE RIGHT 
~ CHOICE! 

[Xl IWlARREN [C]OLLEG~ 

., 

.. 

tudent 1 _ ,~ uncil Elections 
are coming soon!! 

All Positions Available! 

Pick Up Application at 
Dean' Office 
(2nd floor Lit. Bldg.) 

I Due March ~ at 3:00 p.m. I 
;\~ 

B[ PART OF A WINNIN T - M!! 

you 1.' 

Thursday, March Jl , 1993 

LOBBY: 
Students' Sacramento 
trip called successful 
Continued from pe&e 2 

"We had our act together," aid 
McCloskey. "We lost a lot of re-
spect we could have gained." 

Neverthele s, mo t of the stu-
dents agreed that the trip was a 
succe s. 

"It was a real positive thing:' 
said McOoskey. "We got to talk 
face to face with a hell of a lot of 
legi lators." 

Monday'sevenr werepreceded 
by a weekend conference where UC 
and CSU students attended work-
hops to learn about current tudent 

initiatives and lobbying techniques. 
According to Bolivar, these "is-

sue ses ions" trained students how 
the legislative process works and 
how it can be influenced. 

,, [ think student got a lot out of 
it," said Wilson. "It was a good 
leamingexperiencefor tudentsand 
a politica l how of strength for the 
organization." 

Iioimesemphasizedthat the lob-
bying campaign wa only the " first 
hit" and that student leaders are plan-
mng to follow la~t wee~end's ef-
fons 'Wi th letters . phone call s and 
more meerings with state officia ls. 

"We WIll continue analyzing each 
and every single bill Ihat affecLs 
Mudents," said Bolivar. 

"We will go to the budget and 
education hearings [and] the regent 
nominations and voice student con-
cern ," he aid. 

UCSD has already embarked on 
aletler-writingcampaign, ponsored 
by the A.S. According to 
McCloskey, an information packet 
containing tip on writing a letter, 
addresses oflegislators and asample 
letter are available at EDNA. 

A drop box is located at the Main 
Gym where students can put their 
letters. No envelope or stamp is 
required at the drop box and the 
letters can be handwritten . 

McCloskey said that the letters 
will be "an incredible follow-up to 
the lobbying we've been doing," 
About 200 letters have been col-
lected so far. 

McCloskey urged students to 
write letters, saying that complaints 
are useless unless they are directed 
at the people who have the power to 
change the situation, 

" I think the student want to do 
something and this is something 
easy we can do," aid McCloskey, 
noting that ittakes about 10 minutes 
to write a letter. 

"lfwe have letters to back us up, 
we're set," he added. 

....... 11 .,.,. 

.... yortl .,,,. 

......... DC .,,,. 

...... .,,,. 

..... aty .,.,. 
London S115" 
FI'InIcfwt S135" 

"f':,.:cn~~'" ':'==P 
15Il.tXfl ·UQ.IIIIIY be 1OIq<i1Old . 
....... ,,,,.. ... 

Council Travel 
UCSO PrIce caur(by the Pest 0fIIce) 

451·0630 

UCS D GUA RDI AN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • MAR C H 1 1, 1 9 9 3 

ass 
• 

on mUSIC &. 
meanmg 

YAZMI ' GIIUJVAIM 
STAf'F WRITE" 

Creativity in diverse genres has made Philip Glass an internationally-renowned artist. TheAmericancom-
poser, whose music has often been 
tenned "minimalism," has written 
for opera, film , theater and dance. 

Glass is currently touring the , 
country performing the Powaqqals; 
soundtnlck and will perfoon the 
music to the film live in Mandeville 
Auditorium on Friday, March 26. 

During a recent phone interview, 
Glass di cussed hi s theories of mu-
sic and his desire to communicate 
with the general public. 

Guanll-= Mr. G ..... do you 
have something to say about 
Low .,..."".." your new aI-
buRl, ... 8boutyourwork with 
tile .... 1Ie of David Bowie., 

Glass: Low Symphony is based 
on music that David Bowie and 
Brian Eno composed in 1977. It 
was a very well-known record at the 
time because it went way beyond 
what we usually associate with pop 
music. It was very ambitious [be-
cause] it wasn't madejust as a com-
mercial venture. It was made with a 
real idea of experimentation. And a 
lot of people took notice of that 
record, people in the field of experi -
mentation. 

I had thought that it was a really 
wondelful record, but [didn ' t really 
have any idea about whal to do . 
Some years later, in fact, very re-
cently, I began doing collaborations 
with musicians. As you probably 
know. I've done a lot of collabora-

See GLASS, page H2 

THEHTRE PREVIEW: 06 



IIL\T 

MnYI[ 
REVIEWS 

Tht' Thllr~da., Marl'h ll, 1993 

SWING 
GLASS: Latest work is ba ed 
on David Bowie's classic Low 
Continued from pap HI 
tions in the theater with de ignen. 
like Bob Wilson and dancers and 
filmmakers, but working and col-
laborating with composers i more 
difficult. 

difficult que tion [laugh). Butlet me 
put it within the art forms that we 
have of poet I)' and dance and theater 
and film: mu ic, to me, is the one that 
combine many different elements 
of the phy icality of mu ic. in the right direction What happens when I work with 

other musicians is that I tl)' to take 
the language of their own music, 
especially if it's something very dif-
ferent from mine. And it' the stretch 
that I have to make to reach a com-
mon ground that is the growing point 
tome. That 's what becomes exhila-
rating and exciting. 

Our physical senses and ouremD-
tional senses come into synthesis. It 
i sensual , intellectual; it is emD-
t ional. And so the mind and the body 
and the soul are ill I connected to 
music. Of all the art form , this for 
me as a compo er is the one where 
these elements are brought into bal-
ance in the most beautiful way. 
What do you think Is"~ 
c ..... " In mu .... 1f we relate 
this to what music: evokes? 

A lthough Germany in 1939 was a countl)' embracing azi idealism impo ing a 
harsh di~c ipline that stifled individu-
ality.groups ofGerman youth known 
as "swing kid~" rebelled again, t Ihe 

repre~~ive ideology and dan ed in a 
frenzy to theAmerican swing music. 
They ~ aI-ed up the chic Engli~h and 
Amcrican style~ of the day - over-
sized coats. bowler hat!> and furled 
umbrella.., - as they dcveloped their 
knowledge of the music of Benny 
Goodman. Duke Ellingt nand unt 
Basie. 

Swillg KidJ, a film directed by 
Thomas arter and written by 
Jonathan Marc Feldman, provides a 
window inlo the life of Ihese swing 
kids and their non-confonnist, un-
derground youth movement in 

1930'~ Germany. 
A classic coming-of-agestol)' set 

in an historiealmilieu. the film fol-
lows the friend~hip of dedicated 
'>wing kids and bc~t friends Peter 
Muller (Roben can Leonard) and 
Thom:l\ Berger t hn~tiJn Bale). 
Burdened h) J youthful prank (he 
tne, 10 !>teal a radio) anti SU\pect 
herit;lge. Muller i~ forced to join the 
Hitler Youth, and hi~ friend Bager 
abo joins to ~ecp him compan . 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

MINOIODY · KNOWS · LlKl 
· , .DOMINO's 

They both believe they can be in the 
politicalma hinewi th utbeingpart 
of it - NaLi Youth by day, swing 
kids by night. Eventually, the ugly 
reality of Nazi Germany threatens 
their friend 'hip, ~ rcing them to 
decide between the freedom and 

individuali~mof music rthepower 
and confollni ty f the azi party. 

On e Muller j ins the Hitler 
Youth . hi~ life becomes an illlen~e 
pre,\urecooI-cr. Trappcdina,oci-
i:tj that demeans individualism, 
Mullcr i~ tOI11 bct\veen the freetl III 
;lIld glol)' of the mu~ic he love, and 
the ,ceurity of his family. home 
and country . Only when his 

countl)"s political path becomes 
fully apparent to him doe Muller 
come to grip with reality and make 
some fundamental choice . 

Brilliantly directed by Carter, 
Swillg Kids i a little melodramatic, 
but nevertheless worth seeing. The 
melodrama i counterbalanced by 
good acting, an intere tingstol)'line 
and a great oundtrack. 

The endless search for individu-
alism, the eternal binding of friend-
ship and the ultimate significanceof 
dying with inta t morals are the 
univer 'al themes which make this 
film touching yet intense. 

- Karen Cheng 

When you compose music, do 
you think of ....... ? 

No. It depend . Vel)' often im-
age are provided. Forexample, with 
Powaqqats:, the images are there. A 
lot of what I do is bombed with 
images. But when 1 do it abstractly, 
there are no images for me. 
WMt Is your opinion on .... 
element 01 ........ In your 
mu.? 

Ah, I don't have an opinion so 
much on that. I think that some pieces 
have been urprising because people 
didn't expect them. For example, 
when Powaqqarsi first started out, 
the amount of percussion that came 
to the piece was a urprise for people, 
becau e they didn't associate that 
with my music. But that wasn't a 
strategy of mine. To surprise people 
i not pan of the strategy. 
WMt Is your deftnltlon of "mu-
sic," In g ....... What Is music 
for you? 

Well , that's a vel)' tough, vel)' 

Right ·)) 
. :~, ~ 

"Romantic" has to do With per-
sonalization of the e is ues. 1t might 
be, and it might not be. Forexample, 
an opera about Ghandi i not roman-
tic at all, but it's vel)' emotional and 
vel)' sensual. But the idea of the 
romantic image of the love and the 
beloved and this kind of thing may 
not come into play. 

So it depends on the piece. Again, 
with Po'ti'aqqarsi, the piece we wi ll 
be playing at UCSD, it does have a 
romance, but it has a lot of emotion 
in it. And then when we play the 
music live, as we're doing, the emo-
tional impact of the live performance 
tremendou Iy enhances the image. 
Where does Philip Glass see 
himself now? 

In a vel)' intere ting place right 
now, because I've written II operas 
at thi point, four or five major films 

See GLASS, page H4 

,---- ----------------, 

: 2TANS$1: : 
: One for you, one for a friend : 
I 130 Tan Days i29991 I 
: Wolff 5ed5. Facial T8'I'Ie1'5 : 

~ ~---I I I I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I ----- ----:~-.~~-~ _____ J 
,------------------------

I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS i 
I I I Guaranteed ••• $48 $.8 /I , lost f 1 Inches, IIItd mY'··11tI I 
I EuropeM Body Wrap fit no .... It's definitely worth Itl" I.oM It bnnt 8" or you don't...,. -Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercIM or dIetInC- Not • tempcnI, water .... I 
I mt'ECT TAN I I GOLDEN mNGLE Ut Job P't. lCIIIII 5we Collets I I :32!51 Holiday Ct. 4~2 22+9127 691..ao14 I 
\.!roH!I~ fram EJ Tor1W P'KIfIc e-:h IoIMIoII VIIIits'I Ut .... 

~-----3'-~----~~ ____ ~~_J 

: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 
II FOR ONLY $13p19

u
.9,.x I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I 
, I FOR ONLY $17.?,? I: I JUST ASK SPECIAL I 

I Vlld_g:oop.m. ~doy. I CALL US' I - - ~ """" ordorinfI· I . 
I CALL US! II I 4S2-UCSD II : 
I !~-~;o~. :. . O~ ! ~_~~=.~ :. . G-3 I ~------------~-----------~ . ~ -, _ .. - _ctMrIO:Our_ '*'I' _ .... 120.00. 

HlATU ' 3 The C 0 Guan.lian 

UP COM I N G 
TOO H Y 

FrJncis Ford Coppola's highly-
hyped hit Sram Stoker'. 
Dracula plays in the Price Cen-
ler Theatre <1t6:30. 9 and 11 :30 
p.m. Tickets are $2. I in ad-
vance. Info: 534-6467. 

UCSD Sinprs, directed by 
Philip Larson, perfoml Haydn 's 
Mass in D Minor at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Recital Hall. Tick-
ets are $3 for students. Info: 
534--5404. 

Pulitzer Prize-winner Toni 
Morrison will read from her 
work with percussionist and 
compo er Max Roach in the 
Sherwood Auditorium at the 
Museum of Contempoffil)' Art 
in downtown La lolla at 7:30 
p.m. Tickets for students are 
$ 12. Info: 454-6985. 

FRIDRY 
The CWO Political Film Series 
presents the acc laimed docu-
mentary American Dream 
at 7 p.m. in Solis Hall 107. Ad-
mission is free. 

Rober1 Westley, featured in 
Here 10 Dare: 10 Gay Black 
Poets, will read his selections 
from the anthology at 7:30 p.m. 
at Ihe Blue Door Book tore in 
Hillcrest. Info: 298-8610. 

Kid Creole and the C0co-
nuts play a! the Belly p in 
Solana Beach at 9: 15 p.m. with 
The Isles. Tickets are $18. 
Info: 294-9033. 

The UCSDTheatre Dance Com-
pany presents An Evening of 
Dance featuri ng choreographed 
work by faculty. The perfor-
mances will be held in the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre at 8 p.m. 
This performance repeats tomor-
row. Ticket for tudents are $6. 
Info: 534--3793. 

Performance artist Stephanie 
Hey! present "Slyboots And 
The Other Woman [Am" at the 
Centro Cultural de la Raza in 
Balboa Park. The show lans at 
8 p.m. and tickets for tudent 
are $5. Info: 235-6 135. 

The UCSD Wind En-
semble, directed by Robert 
Ze lickman. performs in 
Mandevi lle Auditoriumat8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $3. Info: 
534-5404. 

The local band Drive Uke 
Jehu plays at The Pub at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $6. In fo: 
534--4090. 

SHTURORY 
The La Jolla Symphony 
andChorus perform Brahms' 
"Symphony No.3." Ward-
Steinman'S ., ntares" and 
Coplands's "Clarinet Concerto" 
a! 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audito-
rium. Tickets are $5 for tudents. 
This performance repe.'1t tomor-
row at 3 p.m. In fo: 534-4090. 

SUNDRY 
The students of Janos 
Negyesy play violin and viola 
in Erickson Hall at 8 p.m. Ln fo: 
534--3356. 

T U E SOH Y 
Lead by former Game TheaI)' 
guitaristScotlMiller, The Loud 
Family plays at the Ca. bah at 9 
p.m. Info: 294--9033. 

WEOIESOHY 
The Peter Case Electric 
Band performs at the Belly Up 
in Solana Beach at 9 p.m. with 
Whirl. Ticket are $8.50. Info: 
481 -9022. 

~~~ RoundTable Pizza . 

29 
A final round of each week's pre nary winners wil l produce a grand 

champion. The winner takes a trophy and a free rty for 10. 
All participants receive a free personal pizza. ~ 

ENTRY FEE: $1.00 ~~ ~ 

~AII day~--... 
Pitchers of M99 
Old Milwaukee T ~ 

Killian's Red 
Pitchers 

~ RoundTable Pizzae We accept ~ 
Bulls Eye Tavern / Price Center 457-2060 

I 

THEHTER 
San Diego Repertory The-
atre: "111e Dybbuk."aplay based 
on traditional Jewish folklore by 
S. Ansky and directed by Todd 
Salovey, will preview Friday a! 8 
p.m. The play opens March 17 
and continues through April 10 in 
the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 
p.m. and Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. 
Tickets range from $19 to $24. 
Info: 235-8025. 

Lamb's Players Theab'e:The 
San Diego premiere of Anhur 
Giron's "Becoming Memories" 
opens tomorrow and run through 
March 27. Performances are 
Wednesday and Thursday at7:30 
p.m., Friday and Saturday at 8 
p.m .. with Saturday and Sunday 
matinees at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $16 to $20. Info: 474--4542. 

Mandell Weiss Forum: 
Andrei Belgrndc r directs 
Moliere's "Scapin." Belgrader is 

Thursday, MUI'Ch II , 1993 

working his own translitlion and 
musi(; by Rusty Magee. The play 
continues through March 14. Per-
fonnances are today and Friday 
at 8 p.m., Saturday itl2 and 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. Ticket~ are 
$6 for students. Info: 534-3793. 

GRLL[RI[ S 
Grove Gallery: "Cel~lmic Fig-
ures of umicho: In njunc-
tion With NCECA '93." The ex-
hibit wi ll be on display through 
April 17. GaileI)' hours are Tues-
day through Friday 10 to 5 p.m. 
and Saturday IOt02p.m.Admis-
sion is free. In fo: 534-2021. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La Frontera/The Border: 
An about the Mexico/United 
States Border Experience." fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in various media. The ex-
hibition continues through March 
22. Info : 454--354 1. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Perfect Moments on 
Planet EaJlh," an exhibit celebmt-
ing the museum's 10th anniver-
. ary. continues through March 
14. The museum is open daily 
from 10a.lll. t0 5 p.m. Admission 
is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

Central Ubrary: "Jazz in S.m 
Diego." Photographs will be dis-
played by M. Lea Rude.: in the 
Music Lislening Room. The ex-
hibit continues th rough April I . 
Hours coincide with libral)' hou~. 
In fo: 534-2759. 



HlAT 4 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

~ YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
I 7728 Regents Rd. (Vans Shopping Cel/ler) 452-11255 I Tale ouf avai1blo. Wo also o/Iwcoloring ...... ... I 
L HOURS: 11 :30 "","9 pm 1/IIan..Thun.), 11:30 0lIl-10 pm fr. & Sal.), .H ,.. SuftcIars .J 
--------------------

' ineluckt: fl)e eunU.ltioft t ronl.tl kN filtin,. follow-up mit, .raini,..' cue .... w/MlyuOftl. 
orr .... , pod wilh I.Y .'h<ropedll. . 

For appointments or information 455-5795 or 
call the Optical Department at 622-9365 

The UC 0 Guardian 

THE JEFF HEALEY BAND 
THE JEFF HEALEY BAND 

Feel Thi. 

--CfIUG unu. -.-. lAAW fMI'..,..". OIl 
u.rl l_' NO! lOll .. YOUII 0'0 
~ .-

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

QUICKSAND 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

MARVIN 

l\lWiR Rit\lRnS \ ~\\lin 

MASTERS OF REALITY 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

STAR CLUB 

11,99 CD 7.99 CS 

DANIEL ASH 

DANIEL ASH 
fOOLISH THING DESIRE 

-Gil 0\11 Of COtlI_ IMlN MCOWS 
~ ntl HlOOMI 

Thursday, Mar 'h Jl , ) 993 

GLASS: Wants 
to communicate 
Continued from page H2 
and about a dozen ballet . There' a 
lot behind me. But in a sense, I feel 
that what it's done for me is allowed 
me to develop a coherent music of 
language. It ' really in the la t four 
or fi ve years that I feel that [have the 
technique to do all that I want to do. 

And so I feel that. in many ways. 
my best music is in front of me. It's 
taken me a long time to establish my 
own musical language. but my own 
organization, my own ensembleand 
audience. record-buying public -
al\ these things weredevelopedover 
a period of 25 years. And I'm very 
much looking forward to theoppor-
!Unity that is given me to write and 
to bring music to all the people. 

I think the communication ele-
ment is very important to me, the 
"connectedne .. tha t I have with 
knowing the public - not Ihe pub-
lic as an abstract Ihing - but listen-
ers in a very personal way. And I 
feelthat I'melo ely coming intomy 
own desire right now. 

ANIMAL BAG 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

STEREO MC'S 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
BIG HEAD TODD 

AND THE MONSTERS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11 .99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
-U-':: OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! SAlEEHOS3l31193 

lBWiR RiCBRnS \ "'DiB 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
ELCA.lON 
796 Flo""", PlrI<way fOP£H ,_ TO 10PU) 
_Irom--,_ 
1619) 579 9701 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 SIlo.,. Arona 8M!. 
_ (619)224333 
_ 3393Klmpo< 51 (619) 222· 7775 

COLLEGE AREA _pm 
&405 EI Caton Il"d 
".., 10 Art SI. _ ~ 
_ •... _ ....... (819) 287· \120 
_0. (819)287'1_ 

Thursday, March 11. 1993 The 

SAVE 
SSS 

& 
ENTER 

TO WIN! DISCAFE 
Grounds & Sounds 

904 Pearl Street· La Jolla 

IIIAT , 11 5 

All of the artists in this 
ad are now on sale for 
$8°0 cassette 

& 
$1250 CD 
Enter to wi n a custom 
SUICIDAL TENDENCIES 
skateboard plus other 
cool prizes! 

• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

DISCAFE 
904 PEARL ST. La Jolla at Pearl & Fay • 456-1951 



IllAT 6 The UC D Guardian 

................................................... ~[~ ...... ·ly·ri·C· b· y· R· u .. ~·M·a·g·e·e ........... lh·e·p·la·y·h·im .. e·If·aft·e·r·~·i·n·g ·un·a·b·le 
A R ki ' m IUliJ Unlikelater.largelypsychologi- to find an adequate tran lation. OC n cal work uch as "Tartuffe," Avoiding uper-modem as well as David "Scapin" is rooted in comedy . Physi- literal translations of the line led 10 

Fenner, cal bit of humor are the center of the creation of th is ne circus- pir-, Sc ., Dennia the action. The plot. in fact, is sim- iled produ lion. 
apIll Fox.... ply the tandardconglomerationof "TheplayappeaJ loawiderange David heavy fathers. young lovers and of people, including children," Harris in schemi ng servants/slaves. Belgrader said. "That' one of my 

MolIere's "Thi play is kind of a break ob e ion . I think what ' horrible 
MI C IIAtL C IIWARTZ .c:.....w...' 

-' from psychology," said Belgrader, aboul theater in general is it's be-
St IOH ST,u' f ' If'HlrtH 

M oliere' classic comedy, "Scapin." rocks and rolls into the Mandell Weis. 
Forum Theatre Lhi weekend. Mak-
ing its Wesl Coast debut under the 
direclion of it translator, Andrei 

Belgrader, the fa~t-paccd romp about 
money and sex features grad uating 
Masters of Fine rts acting tu-
dents. 

Originally published in 1671.the 
tory centers around capi n, a tricky 

valet who is enlisted by two young 
gentlemen (0 help them escape from 
thei r arranged marriage and end up 
in the arm ofthose they truly love. 
The adaptation features a rock, gos-
pel and rap score with music and 

Short on cosh? $ No problem, SENOR PESCA'S got a GREAT DEAL on two of 
OUI losty combo ploles . 

Come on in ond enjoy Ihe 9rool 0 Fish Tacos, which are grilled, NEVER FRIED. 
Senor Pesca has a complele Mexican menu including BUIIilos, Tortos, Quesodillsos and 

Combo plales. PLUS, tangy morgoritos and frosty Mexican Beers. 

SenOR Pesca 
CAFE MEXICANA 

11 :30 - 8:30 Sunday - Thursday • 11 :30 - 9:30 Friday & Saturday 
La Jolla Village Drive at Regents Rood, next to Anthony's La Jolla 

Phane: 457-0597. Fax: 457-5099 

r---------, I Alaskan Pollock Taco I 
I & Three Fish Taquitos I 

: O~O : 
I ~ I 
I I 2.50 2.50 ~---------~---------~ 

a new member of the Theatre De- coming more and more like opera, 
partmem faculty . "There is an hon- kind of an elite thing to do. I find it 
e t joy in it, almost a childlike joy. very ad." 
It' a very simple play about young Performances at the Mandell 
people who want sex and old people Weis Forum are today and Friday 
who want money. It's a lot of fun at 8 p.m .• Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m., 
and fairly accurate." and Sunday at 7 p.m. Call534-4574 

Belgrader decided to translate for more infomlution. 

UCSD Theatre 1992·93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Winter-Spring Productions 

SC9lPI9{ 
by Moliere 
A new Rock-n-RolllBlues/GospeIlRap 
version of this fast-paced romp 
March 10-12 at 8pm 
March 13 at 2pm & 8pm 
March 14 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

Outside Down 
a new play by Stuart Ostfeld 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

An emotionally charged, sometimes wildly 
fanciful play 
April 28-30 at 8pm 
May 1 at 2pm & 8pm 
May 2 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

COMING SOON TO A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

TIlt' lie I) GlIlIl'tliulI 

WI TER Q UA R TER R EGI 

Student DEFERRED 
PAYMENT PLAN 

The Bursar's Office is accepting Deferred Payment 
Plan applications from students who ha ve enrolled for at 
spring quarter and who are in good a ademic and U ND ERG RAD UATE LIB RARY 
financial standing. For a 25 II 011 reji IIIdable fee, the 
Deferred Paymel1l Plan allows stlldenrs to pay their 
registration fees ill three installmenrs. 

Simple alld easy-to-complete applications are 

available at the Bursar's Office. 

Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 
( outh tudy Room Only) 

outh 
MARCH 12 - 19 

tudy R om CI ses at 11:45pm 
re-opens ... 

I) 

BURSAR'S OFFICE 
211 UC 

12midnight to 3am 
Hours: M-F 9:00 am-4:00 pm 

You've seen them live! 
You've heard them on Rock 102.1! 

Now, buy the album 
DHL PRodUCTIONS pR ESENTS Tt IE d EbUT Alb UM by: 

Titled: 

"N ever Alone" 
------------------------$4 OFF THE CD 
$250 OFF THE ' CASSETTE 

WITH THIS COUPON AT ASSORTED VINYL. 
Good UN TIl MAR H t 8, I <J9~ . F IRST 100 p EoplE ONly. 

------------------------Only 1000 copies of the first printing will be sold. 

WATCH FOR THE RECORd REl EASE CONCERT ANd 
pARTy: FRIdAY, APRIl I 6 AT 

DREAM STREET IN OCEAN BEACH 
FOR TICkETS: (6' 9) 295,96}9 

~ pons 
C 

red by Und rgraduate Library, 
Program, and A UC 0 

Japanese and American Studies: 
"Equality and Inequality" 

Oreg n/]apan ummer Program 
• July ZI . Augmt 29, 1993 (five weeks) at Lcwi, & C brk 

ollegc, Pordand, O regon . 

• A theme course on "Equality and Inequality" cxp lllres 
i sues of gender; race a!1d ethnlci ty; socia l class and 
economy; and JapaneselU.S. partnerships as viewed 
by Japane e and U. . soc ieties. Japanese language 
instruction at beginning, intermediate and advanced 
level ' i offered. 

• Program fec of $2.200 includes: 
• Tuition for ) 2 quarter hou rs of c redit 
• Room/hoard at Lewis & Igrk ollege 
• Books and materia ls 
• A )·day outdoor wilJerness experience 
• Field trips in Portland and around Oregon 

• The pr gram welcome undergraduate students in 
any major with an intcre t In Japan and it cu lture. 
Previous Japa nese language study is preferred, bur 
not required. 

• The program brings together the best academic 
expertise in Japanese a nd American studies from 
O regon and from Japan's pre tigious Waseda 
UniverSity. 

• Participant interact with Japanese tudents 
in the clas room, in the residence halls, and in 
extracurricu lar activities. 

• Deadline: May IS. 1993 . Early applica tion is 
encouraged. 

For a brochure and an application contact the Oregon/Japan Summer 
Program. Lewis & Clark College, Campus Box 192. Portland, Oregon 97219. 

TEL. (503) 768·7305; FAX (503) 768-7301. 



10 NEW 

SAAC: Meeting 
aims to set goals for 
student committee 
ContInued from pace 1 

Many students agreed that the 
specific goals to be included in the 
tatemenl were decreasing racism 

and sexism on campus. 
Students at the meeting also dis-

cussed the decIeaSing number of 
underrepre-sented students. Accord-
ing to Guevarra there are approxi-
mately 80 African-American male 
students in a undergraduate popula-
tion of 14,000 students. 

According to Korean American 

Student Union (KASA) member 
Linn Cook, communication is es-
sential. 

"We need 10 open up a dialogue 
between all the organizations on 
campus and make a stronger line of 
communication . This will give 
people a chance to give [and get) 
input," he said. 

TIle seven groups that make up 
SAAC include the Native Ameri-
can Student Association. MEChA , 
the African-American Student 
Union, the Women's Resource Cen-
ter, the Asian and Pacific Islander 
Association, the Disabled Student 
Union and the Filipino Students 
Organization. 

C :AP 
GRECEN 
BEER 

(you supply t:he dye) 
Natural Light $399 12-pack 

+ tu.t CRV • while IUpplielIoIt 

Spirits of 
Saint Germain 

(619) 455-1414 
3251 Holiday Court, La Jolla • across from EI Torito 

Sunday-Thursday: 6am to 12am • Friday &: Saturday: 6am to 2am 

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
NEW MEMBERS OF ORDER OF OMEGA!! 

WatLA_ 
::la.~ _uv ... 
"'.JUt.~ _~.--
N.t.k. 'L-PYILI ...... 
Svz:3 ::1-
AeftL4 d.L 
~:3 c.~~ehAJM 
1)~A. ~AU.o 

&,.;C.~, ~f-o 
""-dlL. Sh4cM cr 

KL.rf- W"~ 

~I~ 
CON\JECT 

Tire UCSD Program ;11 TecfHl%gy 
alld Ellireprl!llellrsirip 

How TO START AND MANAGE A HIGH -TECH COMPANY 
TuE DAY, APRlL 6 THROUGH MAy 18 1993,7-9 P.M, 

PJr1:icipJnts will kJrtl about the coll1ponents that lead to the 
tOll nding, sun'h'al .1Ild success of l ne\\' business venture . 
reJturing high-tech entrepreneurs .IS gue t lecturel and 
rolc ·pl,lying. 

Instructor: Timothy J. Wollaeger 
A SlICCC snll manager and entrepreneur, Wollacger is Pre ident 
& EO of the Sutter orpoTation and a General Partner in 
Biovest Partners (the seed venture capital firm which founded 
five an Diego high·tech companies). 
Fee: $165; free to 10 full time faculty or graduate students 

Call x46114 to register. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 11 , 1993 

Pacific a.ach 

BREWHoUSE 
MI CROBREWERY & R E TA URTANT 

THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER 
& SPAGHETTI NIGHT 

• SPAGHETII $399 w/mear or Marinara 
sauce & bread 
(after 5 pm) 

• MICROBREWED $ 00 
BEERS 1 
All IO-oz. glasses 
(after 7 pm) 

* hmember .11 $1.00 * 
been .re NOT THE SAIIEI 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

• ALL .:~tS $502. 
PITCHERS 
(after 5 pm) 

* Try 1M THAI * 
CHIC"EN PIZZA! 

4475 Mission Blvd, 274-ALES 
comer of Mis ion & Gamet • SeaCoast Square _-----

• FREE PARKING off of Homblend St. 

BRIDGE 

THE GOYERNMENT 
GAYE HER A CHOICE, 

DfATH. 

OR LIFE 
AS AI ASSASSIN, 

NOW, THERE'S 
NO TURNING BACK, 

POINTO 
NO 
WARIU BROS. ~IESIIJS 
AI All UISOI ~IIIICIIII A JONIIADHAM fill 
HRlOm fOIOA ·POIll Of 10 mURI' 
GABRlflHYRlf OfRMDl MUlROIH 
111M A.lf HAItIOn AID HARYU KBru 
CO·PlaDUm JAM~S Hmm MUSIC II HAIS ZIMM~R 
fil l Eama II fRAU MORRISS 
,mUClIOI OISlmD II PHIliP HARRISON 
DllltIIllf 'MlTlmm MICHAfl WAllIIS, A.S.C. 
USlllallC IISSIn UITA" 
SCIEII'lA! II 101(11 mCIIEll All AUlAIORA SfROS 
""lUI II All UISOI IIiUTII II JONI WlHAI 

-.~ .. IRJ a • L ._-.::=.-=. 
OPE. MARCH 11'" EVERYWIERE. 

Thursday, March 11, 1993 

BRIANK. 

HUTTO 
Padres' Fire 
Sale Continues 

Spring training this year can only 
mean one thing to thoSe many baseball-
starVed fans of San Diego: it's time to 
start saving up for football season. 

As ju t about every Tom, Dick, and 
Jane knows, the 1993 San Diego Padres 
are downsizing their budget. and 
dumping just about anyone who goof 
and reveal a slivering glimpse of talent. 

Gone from last year ' third-place NL 
West team include four-time All tar 
shortStop Tony Femandez, sem to the 
New York Mets for OJ. Dozier and 
some other no-name, pilcher Wally 
Whitehurst. Just what San Diego needs. 
another running back. Another All· 'ltar, 
catcher Benito Santiago, went the route 
of free-agency to sign with the 
expansion Rorida Marlin~ . 

Probably the league's most 
undennted cenlcrtielder. Darrin Jackson 
is urremly bdng ,hopped around. 
Perhaps they ould sign r. Louis' Brian 
Jordan, another former football player 
who &lill think~ you're supposed to 
spike the ball after a reception. 

Starting pitcher Jim Deshaie:. and 
relievers Randy Myers, Jose Melendez, 
Larry Anderson and Mike Maddux 
have all left. Bruce Hurst, now 
rehabilitating from postseason surgery, 
is also rumored to be on his way out. 

All right, what does that leave u 
with? Nothing less than the worst 
bullpen in the division, a shaky and 
unproven staIting rotation, a very weak 
middle infield, speed to match running 
molasses and a manunoth hitting lead-
off vacancy. 

Aside from right fielder Tony 
Gwynn, third baseman Gary Sheffield, 
and first baseman Fred McGriff, the 
offensive output appears minimal. 
Probable left fielder Phil Planrier, 
second basemen Jeff Gardner or Craig 
Shipley, shortstop Kurt Stillwell and 
veteran catcher Mike Scioscia could 
produce some offensive punch, bur that 
remains a big "if." If lone speedster 
Darrell Sherman can't get on base, 
Sheffield and McGriff will not have 
many runners to bat in. 

Leading the mound from will be 
Andy Benes, the lone double-figure 
winner on the staff. With the rest of the 
rotation consisting of oft-injured Greg 
Harris, Frank Seminara. Whitehurst and 
a toss-up for who is the best of the worst 
for the fifth starter, look for the Pads to 
battle Colorado for the division's worst 
ERA and most losses. 

The relief looks worse. With six 
saves total from last year, Roger Mason, 
Tim Scon, Jeremy Hemandez, and 
Gene Hams wiu battle it out for the 
closing position. Look for the Padres to 
lose a lot of games when they are ahead 
by a mere two or three runs in the late 
inning . 

Rookie manager Jim Riggleman and 
the Padre organization will cenainly 
have their hands full this season, but 
most certainly not in the cash dcpan-
menl Let 's face it, if the Padres are 
going to stan a minor league team. they 
should expect to puU in minor league 
profits. 

The UCSD Guardiall 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
Diane Chandler helped UCSD to a near-upset of Iowa State, winning both her singles match and her doubles showdown Tuesday. 

Cyclones Snap Triton String 
WOMEN'S TENNIS: UCSD falls to 
Iowa State 54; Chandler wins twice 
By Bfee Segal 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women 's tennis team faced Divi-
sion I Iowa State University Tuesday afternoon, 
losing 5-4 and marking the Tritons' first los of the 
1993 season. Head Coach Liz LaPlante, not antici-
pating such a close final score, was surprised and 
pleased with the overall performance of UCSD 
despite the defeat, explaining that Iowa State's 
quality tennis pushed UCSD to play hard and fight 
tough. 

Diane Chandler, 
UCSD's number-two 
player, won her singles 
match and took no prison-
ers with her win of 6-1, 64. 
Chandler went on to play 
doubles with teammate 
Heather Wiliams, capturing 
yet another win. The flfSt 
etwaslo t7-5. The women 

quickly flred back, how-
ever, taking the nexl two 
sets, 6-4, 6-3. 

"We did well compared 
to what we thought we 

would do. It was really tough and exhausting. We 
fought for [the wins), they didn't win easy. Every-
body played well," Chandler said. 

"That was our toughest competition. Today 
was a good experience because they were Division 
I. It's good 10 go out and play tougher leams," 
Williams added. 

Number-one singles Robyn Inaba seized an-

Secondary photo should focus on 

other win for UCSD with her powerful singles 
performance, 7-5, 64. "[Iowa State ' number-one 
singles] was a really tough player. She's real solid. 
She hitthe ball 
a lot harder 
than Division 
ill girls. Divi-
sion I girls are 
a lot more ag-
gre ss ive," 
Inaba said. 

The Scoreboard 
UCSD 4 
IOWA STATE 5 

Inaba and Mickey Kurakowa lost their doubles 
match againsllowa State, 6-4, 6-4. Inaba said that 
she and Kurakowa made some errors but would be 
ready for Nationals in May. 

See TENNIS, Page 12 

1he Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
BASfBAll • UCSD tmveled to 
meet Cal Lutheran, the number-

one team in the countty. The 
Tritons couldn't take advantage of 

their opportunities, however. 
losing 3-0. Page 12 

MEN'S lENNIS: The Tritons 
defeated the University of 

Rochester on Monday, 6-3. 
Page 12 

Jason Ritchle/Guardian 

1be tte.IIne Matchup: Women'slWlmmllC n dIvtrC at the NCAA chnpIonahlps, today-Saturday. Atlanta. 
Other Games: Men's volleyball at Loyola Marymount, Friday and vs. Navy, Saturday at 7 p.m. Women's water polo vs. San Diego State, Friday at 7 p.m., Canyonview Pool. Baseball vs. WfIiOO 

State, FrIday at 2:30, baseball diamond. Track and field at Bronco Invitational, Saturday.. at Pomona. Golf at Whittier, Friday. Women's tennis at Redlands, Saturday. 
F 



Dan McOOweIi/ Gusrdlan 
UCSD needed some more clutch hitting yesterday at Cal Lutheran. 

Th UC D Guardian 

Tritons Blow Their 
Chances in Loss 
BASEBAI I • UCSD falls 3-0 to nwnrer -one Cal Lutheran 
By GreaWrem 
Sports Editor 

It was the one that got away. Despite 
a strong pitching perfOl'l1'laOCe by SIarta' 
Steve Height, the UCSO baseball team 
couldn't 00ck him up in the Tritons' 
3-0 loss to the nation's top-ranked team, 
Cal Lutheran. 

The sophomore Height went the 
distance for UCSD, allowing only four 
hits with four strikeouts and no walks. 
Most imponant was his final tatistic-
no earned runs. 

"We had another outstanding start-
ing pitching job. It was a case of very 
bad defense and not taking advantage of 
our opportunities," UCSD Head Coach 
Lyle Yates said The Kingsmen, on the 
other hand, took full advantage of theirs. 
CLU sCored all of its runs in the fourth 
inning when two Triton errors gave the 

Kingsmen two men on with one out 
instead of the end of the inning. The next 
batter launched a three-run bIasI that 
proved to be the only scoring Cal 
Lutheran needed. 

UCSO had a chance to draw first 
blood in the third when Craig Birk and 
Glen Nahmias singled. "But we failed 
to execute after that and we carne up 
with nothing," Yates said. 

The Tritons also blew chances 10 
score in the fOuM, sixth and eighth 
frames. "We were missing our clutch 
hitting which proved to be the differ-
ence. They had it and we dido 't," Y ares 
said 

"'The score was close, but we should 
have been in control early on. We're 
going to have our work cut out for us thi 
year to start scoring consistently," Y ares 
said 

Thursday, March 11 ,1993 

w. TENNIS: 
First loss of the year 
to Division I Iowa St. 
ContInued from pa&e U. 

Yumi Takemoto, number-five 
play r for UCSD, knocked out her 
single's opponent with a 6-2, 6-2 tri-
umph. "I was pretty happy because [ 
knew it was a Division I school," she 
said. 

Takemoto <'lnd Birdie Gessford 
faced a difficult 10 of 6-4, 6-2 in 
doubles. "It got really dark, it was 
hard to see. We were both really tired 
and they were good players," aid 
Takemoto. 

The next match is scheduled for 
Saturday at the University of 
Redlands. lnaba aid he sees 
Redlands as an opportunity for her to 
te t out new techniques and offensive 
strategies. 

The team is halfway through the 
= n and owes its strength to tal-

ented player and an experienced 
coach. LaPlante, recently named 
Coach of the Decade, is the driving 
force behind the tearn. 

UniDspired UCSD Does Just Enough tons their sixth win of the afternoon. The Tritons (2-3) begin a grueling five-match home series next Monday 
when they host Colorado College. 
UCSD will ha;t Division ill matches 
against Luther, Southern California 
College, Redlands, and Williams duro 
ing spring break. Ditzler is eager to 
evaluate the Tritons against Division ill 
competition. "We've been playing 
against tearns like USC, Stanford and 
Cal. I'd like to see where we are against 
Divi ion ill," Ditzler said Ditzler is 
confident that the Tritons will regain 
their focus. 'The matches over spring 
break will bedifferenl We won't rest on 
our laurels," the coach said 

"Her biggest strength is that she's 
real supportive and understanding. 
She goes beyond her role as coach," 
aid Inaba. "We're a really close-knit MEN'S TENNIS: Tritons 

handle Rochester, 6-3 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

An uninspired UCSD men's tennis 
team, till luggish after an extended 
compelitive layoff. defeated the Uni-
versity of Rochester, 6-3. in a home 
march Monday afternoon. 

While hi squ<'\d won with linle dif· 
ficulty, UCSD Head Coach Tim Ditzler 
was less than pleased with the team 's 
lacldu terperfoml<'lnCe. "Wedidn 't play 

great; we just went out there and gOl the 
job done. Wedido'tgeHoo frred up and 
the ores indicate thal We have the 
capability to beat [Rochester] 9-0 or 
8-1," Ditzler said 

The Tritons won four of the six 
singl matches. Jeff Bethard cnlised to 
a frl, 7-5 win at number one. and John 
Cross was victorious in a tough three-
setter, 64, 4-6.6-3. 

RoyGessfordbaniedtoa2-6,7·6,6-
2 win from the number-five position. 
Freshrn<'ln Jeff Young, playing at num-
ber ix.gavetheTritonsanothervictory. 

7-6,6-7,6-2. 
Needing only one victory in three 

doubles matches. the Tritons figured to 
finish Rochester in the , number-ooe 
doubles conlest Yet Rochester staved 
off defeat, shocking UCSD's number-
onedoublestandem, Bethard and Cross, 
64, 1-6,6-3. 

The Tritons delivered the knockout 
punch one match later when YameU 
and Brian Kapl<'ln won ar number two 
double , 7-6. 6-2. Ho and Cross, 
UCSO's number-three doubles team, 
prevailed in three-sets giving the Tri-

group-this is oneof our strengths as 
a team (and] Liz fosters and encour-
ages this," said Inaba. 

ERRATUM 
In the March 8 issue of the GlIIJrd· 

ian, thestoryentitled "Crew Stays Afloat 
in Opener" reported incorrectly the time 
by which the men's crew novice A boat 
was defeated. The boat lost by only 
three seconds. The Guardian regrersthe 
error. 

• G raduate School & Research Center· 

Presents 

AIRPORT/AMTRAK SHUTTLE 

• 
• 

• 

FOR SPRING BREAK 
From UCSD To Airport/Amtrak 
Friday, March 19, 
Saturday, March 20, 
Sunday, March 21. 

From Airport/Amtrak to UCSD 
Sunday, March 28 

Advance reservations are required. 
For reservations, call Transportation 
Alternatives at 534·4235. 

CO-SPONSORED BY 
TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES AND ASUCSD 

Steps toward understanding, reaching and refining one's true potential 

S10 DISCOUNT 
10 sludenls 

CEU's offered for Registered Nurses 
Pending for Acupuncturists and Psychologists 

Saturdays from 1 to 6 pm 
Mar. 27 The Treatment of the Whole Person: Body, Mind and Spirit 

Evarts Loomis, M.D. "Father of Holistic Health" 
Apr. 3 Medicinaf Herbology 

Dan Lobash, M.A., L.Ac . and Geri Benner, R. N., L. Ac. "Trained 
by masters in China" 

May 1 Clinical Biofeedback for Psychologists, Registered Nurses 
and Acupuncturists 
Adrienne Reid , M.A. and Donald O' Hai r, Ph. D. "Widely 
recognized experts in psychophysiology" 

May 15 World Religions in Review 
Pat Ba ni, Ph .D., Te mple University a nd 
Matthew Ritter, Ph. D., Ya le University 
~ Pre-Registration (One week prior) $35 • At the door: $50 per event 

Special P resentations by Authors of 
Between Heaven & Earth: A Guide 10 Chinese Medicine 

Psyche, Soma and Substance: Integrating Psychology, Physiology, 
and Herbology in Chinese Medicine 

Efrem Korngold, l.Ac., O.M.D, & Harriet Belnfield, l.Ac. 
April 24 and 25, Registration from 8:30, Hours: 9 am-5:3O pm 

" $170 two days (before AprIl 17, $150 two days) 
ReglstratJon is non-refundable 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CAlL: 634-1771 
CAUFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR HUMAN SCIENCE 

609 SOUTH VULCAN AVE., SUITE 201, ENC1t1TAS, CA 92024 
M.A. & Ph.D. Degr_ in Health Sc~, Human Sdence, Psychology, & Religious Sludiel 

Temporary ApproY8I by lilt CPPVE 

Thursday, March 11, 1993 The U D Guardian 

Mastadons Masticate UCSD in Three 
VOLlEYBAll: UCSD till winl after loss to Indiana-Purdue, Fort Wayne 
By Blair Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

Winning isn't everything, but try 
telling thar to the UCSD men's voUey-
ball team, which after Tuesday night' 
match sank to 0-18 on the season. The 
Tritons were blown out at home by 
Indiana-Purdue University, FortWayne. 
15-6, 15-9, 15~. • 

With the Mastadons controlling ev-
ery game of the match. the Tritons 
couldn't seem to get out of neutral. 

The visitors jumped to a 5.n lead in 
the first game, using inpenettable block-
ing and an awesome display of hitting. 

The Tritons scored their f1J'Sl point 
when Mitchell Yap hammered a clean 

pike to make the score 5-1. 
Crdig Collins and Raul Papaleo re-

ponded with consecutive kills to give 
Fort Wayne a ix-point edge, 7- \. 
Papaleo led all players with 10 kills. 

UCSO lookedasthough it was ready 
tostageacomeback when MattMinehan 
n(){chcd a kill following a jump-serve 
by Travis Ferguson. Torn Black fol-
lowed Minehan's example by pound-
ing a kill of his own to cut the Mastadon 
lead to 7-3. Fort Wayne then scored 
three srraighl points using Triton errors 
and its own kills to Slake a 10-3 lead 

The Tritons climbed back into the 
game with a block by Kerr and Fort 
Wayne errors. making the score 11 -6. 

Then the Mastadons scored the fI nal 
four points of the game to clinch, 15-6. 

Fort Wayne continued its mastery 
over UCSD in the second game as they 
jumped to a quick 11 -2Iead. 

The Tritons received a wake-up call 
when Yap produced a service ace to 
make the score 11-3. A net violation by 
the Mastadons cut the lead to 11-4. 

The Tritons then cut the lead to four 
when Black hammered a km to make 
the score 13-9. The MasUldons took the 
next two points and the game, 15-9. 
when Black hit the ball into the net. 

Fort Wayne ended the mar h by 
winning the third and fmal game con-
vincingly, 15-6. 

UCSD Theatre Dance Program Pre ent directed by 
Patricia Rincon 

AN EVENING OF DANCE choreography by 
faculty of the 

Dance Program 

March 12·13 
8:00 p.m. 

Mandell Weiss 
Theatre 

$6 for students 
UCSD Box Office, 

Price Center 
Charge-by-phone: 

534-3793 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance, Health Plans 

MedI-CaI Aoceoted 
VIsa, M .. ter Card , Discover 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St 
(714) 851-1201 

fiilj7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

It's time you discovered Callahan's. We've been 
brewing the freshest beer possible since 1989. 

Our on-site brewery is complemented 
by great food 
and great fun. 

A Little Hard ToFind, 
Really Hard To Leave. 

578-7892 Callahan Red 

Dan 
Mark Alms goes for the dig during the Tritons ' loss Tuesday. 

SCUBA Certification 
BONANZA!!! 

~ ComeToOur 
Next Meeting 
ToSignUP! 
~ Instructors Will 

Be On Hand To 
Answer Your 
Questions! 

~ SpeciaJ Rates 
And Perks! 

• ALL WELCOME! 

U 5 R 
College Fees Waived 

For Disabled 
Veterans' 

Dependents 
For more information, 

please contact: 
Veteran's Affairs Office 

Building 210 
University Center, 
or call 534-3971 

J{OItlt of tfie 'WorU's 
:Finest (jourrrr£t Coffee 

457·JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday·Thursday 6 am-II pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnig,hl 

• Saturday 7:30 am-midnight 
• Sunday 8 am· 11 pm 

r-------, I $100 OFF I I I 
I Any Cappuccino, I I I 
I Mocha, or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I OM ~r C'u.rln",er, up. Jll1~) I 
-------

• Next Meetlng 
IS'Apr1l7 @ 
Sumner 
Auditorium (at 
Scripps) At 
7:00 P.M. 

. CaJJTony@ 
535-8168 For 
More 
Information ! 

,-

~ , 



, ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need an on·campus Notary Public? " 
SO. call 587·7911 . (1/·'-6/3) 
SHREDOED JUS11CE • BUSHGATE: Why 
Clinton Mllat PToe8CUM, a !all by Daniel 
Sheehan. Match 12. Torrey Pines 1m. 7:30p.m. 
Donation: $3 slUde01S. $5 general. Sheehan 

he~ win 11>8 Karen Sll<woOdcase. l.earnwhat 
the newspapers won't print (311 ·3111) 
Heading for EUROPE this summer? Only 
526911 Jet there ANYTIME for $269 with 
AIRHITCHI (Reponed In LlIl'sGoI& NY nmlls.) 
HAWAII · $12'3 each wayl NEW YORK · $129 
each wayl AIRHITCH 310·394·0550. (314·31 
11) 

SHREDDED JUSTICE. BUSHGATE: Why 
Clinton Must Prosecute, a presen!ation by 
Oenlel Sheehan. at the hump by the gym at 
noon. Friday March 12 Chief Counsel for the 
ChrlstlC InstJIute who helped Win the KaIen 
Silkwood case and other cases of offICial mis-
deeds. l.earn what the newspapers don't print 
and government officials don't want you to 
know. (318·3/ 11) 

These 
advertiGer make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Fairmail's .......... ........... 222·0220 
La Sandale ...... .......... ... 488·1134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Beans ........................... 453·9252 
Domino's ................ ...... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............ 578·7892 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .... .452.()524 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto .. ............ ..... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Roberrs ........... ........ ..... 275·1132 
Tom's Masler Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR. BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ............ 457 ·3334 
Nails by Jennifer ...... .... 560·0325 

UeSD HEALTH II FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ... .................. .. 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535·1379 
Tan 4 Less ................ ... .. 455·0909 
Dr. K.ln Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS. 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ..... ........ .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ...... ........ 452'0630 
Traveller's Depot .. ...... .. 483·1421 

UCSDCOPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ..... .. ........... 457· 1007 
Kinko's ............ ... .......... 457·3n5 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455·1 000 
MCAT Review ............ ..456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co •. ... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·AlES 
Torrey's .................. ...... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ..•. ....... 270·7860 
UCSD ETC. 
SI. Genmain's ... ..... _ ..... 455·1414 
Alita Elactro)ysys ......... 454·6044 

The C 0 Gnarflian 

___ ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in i5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $i for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MOlldayforThursday's issue. The Guardian resen'es the right to refuse 
any advertising including bur not limited to companionship ads. For more informatiol1 
ca1l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds,9500 Gilman Dn\ 'e, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: StudemCemerA, topjloor. 

Resident Advisors wanted for INTERNA· 
TIONAl. HOUSE 1993·941 PICk up reterral 
form at Career Services and bring to Fifth 
Residence Ufe OffICe for an application Oue 
4 p.m. Friday. April 9 (318-3111) 
OPEN HOUSE tNVtTATION. tnternationat 
Cooperative Nursery Scnool HutchiSon Way. 
UCSD. Sunday. March 14 12:30·3 30. (3/8·31 
1 t) 
ROSS PEROT to speak ,n the Price Cen1er 
Ballroom on Saturday. March 13. Doors open 
at 10 a.m. for 1 t a.m program. Talk In Plaza 
aflerwards. Join UCSO Unlled We Stand. 
America. Free. (Tracy 296·7545) . A Signer Will 
be present. (318·3/11 ) 
Vana, don't forget to tell Fifth College Seniors 
to apply lor Commencement Speaker by April 
5 at the Dean'S Olfice - Edna (318·3/11 ) 
Fraternities are NOT Just fOUl year dnnklng 
ctubs .. they are a 1,le·long commitment to 
friendships. Fraternrty members have highar 
GPA's and beller graduatIOn rates than non· 
affiliated students. Fraternitiesstress the value 
of a balance between academics. a social tlfe 
and community involvement. (318·3111 ) 
Come to the tCRA Winter Studybreak .1t wltlbe 
held on March 141n PC PlazaatBp.m Wewllt 
have 3 slices of pizza for a buck. (318·3111) 
Old you know that while alt of Beta's accom· 
plishments are outstanding. the onty thtng that 
realty matters Is BROTHERHOOD? And that 
IS exactly what Beta Theta Pi at UCSD has to 
offer ... lIfelong friendships that are unflke any· 
thing you have ever experienced. RUSH BETA 
Aprill ·6th. THIS AIN'T NO MICKEY MOUSE 
CLUBI For more InformatIOn contact Katen at 
558·8853. (31 11) 
Old you know thet Beta Theta PI was founded 
20 years before the state of California? Old 
you know lhOre was a Beta on the Supreme 
Court from 1877·19751 Old you know Beta 
was the FIRST fraternity to adopt higher schoo 
lastic standards fortheirchapters (2.50 G.P.A.I 
than standards imposed by the host univer· 
siJY? (3111) 
tFC/PANHELLENIC STUDY BREAKI Sunday. 
March 14.6' 7 P m. at the International Cenler. 
Free pizza. free soda. lunky music and a 
chance to win a free Kaplan prep. coursel (31 
11) 

Get more $$$ for your books at Revelle Bargain 
Books. Open finals week. 9;()()'5:OO. (3111) 
·Pregnancy& Radialion," March 23. 9·10a.m. 
Price Centor/ Berkeley Rm. (3111) 
OPEN HOUSE: The tnternational Co-op Nurs· 
ery School. Sunday. 311 4. 12:30·3:30. UCSD 
Campus, Internationat Center. 455-9310. (3111) 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 

·Gemng ItI· Manifestation WOrllShop. Carmela 
Corallo. Ph.D .• mystic. Thursday. March tB. 
7:30 p.m. Phone 436-6595. (3111) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT tNTERN-SHIPS. 
Most positions filled by Feb. Gain val. expo 
mal\8glng 6-8 employees. customers. and 
suppliers. Avg. earnings 6· t6.000 • . Call 
·unlverslty Painting Pros : Ipfo/appl. CALl. 
Boo·525·san. (tn·3I29) 

EARN $1 .500 WEEKLY maJlWlg our circularsl ... 
Begin NOWI FREE pacl<eU SEYS. Dept. 19. Box 
4000. Cordova. TN 38018-4000. (2111-4129) 
RAISE A COOL $1,000.00 IN JUST ONE 
WEEKI For your frat. sorority. ctub. + 1.000 
FOR YOURSELFI And a FREE IGLOO 
COOLER II you quatity. Call 1·800·932·0528. 
Ext. 65. (2122·4119) 
300 SUMMER CAMP POSlTtONS: In NY. PA. 
MASS & MAfNE. Need skills tn : Tennis, WS V 
swimming. water·Skllng. sailing. windsurfing. 
gymnastics. equestrian. baseball. basketball. 
soccer. hockey, laC/osse. canoeing, archery. 
rocketry. woodshop. ceramics. fitness. dance. 
plano. guitar. ropes/pioneering. nurses. food 
service. Upper classmen prelerred. Arlene -
1·800·443-6428. (311-4/15) 
ALAi'" ittMMiR IiMPLOYMiNT 
IisherMls. Earn 5600+ eek in canneries or 
$4 .000+/month on Jlshlng boats . Frea 
transportatlont Room & BoardlMaie or Female. 
For employment program catll·206·545·4155 
ext. A5976. (311·3111) 
Counsetors : Camp Wayne. brother/sister 
camp. N.E. Pennsylvania. 6122-8120193. All 
sports. waler. and cultural actlvntes. Many 
posnlons avallabll. On·campus Interviews. 
Thursday. April 15th 'rom 10:30·2 p.m. For 
more Info. call 516·889·3217 or write 12 
Allevard St.. Udo BeaCh. N.Y. 11561 . Include 
your schoot phone number. (314-4112) 
Summer Camp Poaltlona: Roughing It Day 
Camp In SF East Bay is hiring for summer 
1993. Posillons:oounselors. swim. ride. sports. 
waleilront. envlr.ed. crafts. Exper. refs . (510) 
283·3878. Send resume to P.O. BOX 1266. 
Orinda. CA 94563. (318-3111) 
Delivery personwamed In UTC area for Chinese 
food. 11·3 p.m. Must have own car. $4.25/ 
hour+gas+tips. ASAP. 535-1668. (318·3111) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPORTUNtTY 
-Camp wayne for Boys. NEPA.CounselorSi 
Speclatists·all landlwater sports. camping. 
COmpUlerS. A&C. video. radio . Campus 
Interviews April 15. Call 1·800-456·7946 or 
516·883·3067. (311 1·3129) 

622·1122 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r: - 0 - - - ~ STUDE~SP£CIAL ~ -Buy ONE MONTH --, 
I 10 Yo OFF any i unllmlted ... o friend gets I 
: clothing purchase I FREE MONTH: 

Sundresses. bathlnll suits, Shorts, I UNUMITED TANS 
and other fun summet wear 

New cfient. ctVy. Must presenl student 10. _W~hI$ COUPon~.P. 3/31 /9=- _ L __ '-:"'I>~3t/93 __ _ 

SERVICES 
00 you need an on·campus NOlary Public? If 
so. call 587·7911 . (114-613) 
MaCIntOSh text & graphics scanning. On cam· 
pus and affordabte. Calt Mike 622·t 147. (11 
14·3111) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Onfy $5.95. While 
you walt. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germain·S. 452·9949 (1 /19-613) 

Are you ted up WIth the parking situatJon at 
UCSD. paying $255.00 a year to perk miles 
from yourctass? Put an end to all that. lust call 
TicketFree aI558· 7885. Honest students who 
will drive your car around while you s~ In class 
worry Ireel Or for a little less we wilt guard you 
car from the par1\lng pollee. teeding quarters 
Into the meterwhenever1heycoloo by. Wewitl 
even drop you off right by your class. no more 
showtng up to lecture 5 minutes late and out of 
breath. Call now. clientele may be timltedl (31 
11) 

Need typlng/Word processing done? Will do 
any size job. any type of job. I wNI atso do 
edlung II needed Or wanted. Call Carol 481 · 
6364 evenings. (1119-3111) 
WORD PROCESSING-papers . resumes. 
etc. Proofreadlspetlcheck. Laser prinbng. From 
$l .50/page. Sharon 481 ·7604 evenings. (311, 
311 1) 
BIOlogy tutor. 00 not take your chances on the 
next examl Call ANNA 793·9174. (2125·3/11) 
Accurate + tast typing. Reports and resumes. 
Sue 548·1788 or 538·6191. (311·3111) 
Heading for EUROPE this summer? Onty 
$26911 Jet there ANYTtME for $269 with 
AIRHtTCHI(R8pOrtedln Let·s Gol & NYTmes.) 
HAWAii · SI29 each wayl NEW YORK · S 12'3 
each wayl AtRHITCH 310·394-0550. (314·31 
11) 

SERVICES: NEED MONEY FOR COl.LEGE? 
You may qualify for financial assistance reo 
gardless of your GPA. SAT scores or Income. 
For recorded message call 278·2495 x305. (31 
4·3111 ) 
Voice, pieno, organ, guitar. 43 years. all 
levels. styles. NY City opera. muslcats. top 
clubs. BM Chicago Conservatory of Music. 
Specfal a1udent t .. . sing/play easily/ quickly. 
Michael Bondon 598-5223. (3/4·4/8) 
French Tub'. French native speakellS here kl ~ 
you with your last exams and final. 3 years of 
expet1enCe In leaching: gamrnat. COtT.-ersaIion. 
essays In aI ieIIeIS. Hurryl~. (318-3111) 

Thursday, Marl'h 11 , 1993 

QUALtTY BARBERING I1 La Jolla Bar· 
ber Shop. Quality Barber . Hair Cuts. $8. 
7760 Faye Ave .. Suite F. 459 ·5792. (3/ 
11) 

Green card ava~able . Oriental or PoSt Doc 
female desiring permanent U.S. residence. 
237·1473. (3111-411) 

WANTED 
Lookingtor people who have had an experience 
with SO MlsdemeanorCourt for research papGf. 
PLEASE call 692· 17221 (311 ·3111) 
Seeking TM meditators to form on campus 
organization. Call Mlchaet 278·1314. Leave 
Message. (318-4/5) 
CHfLD·CARE: Undergraduate lor part·tlme 
child care posltJon for 2~ year old In our 
home. Experience + references required. Call 
Rob at 622·3827 and teave message. (318·31 
11) 

TUTOR forOualitalive ResearCh Methodsand 
Design course (elementary f). $201hr. 452· 
5690. (318·3111 ) 
Wanted: avid reader enjoy reading noveV 
manuscript for critique and to comment Its 
publishability. Dennis 587·7022. (318·3111) 

Student·produced dramatic series Spring 
Ouarter. If interested call John 435·9489 or 
587 ·8994. Expertence not mandatory. AClors. 
writers. skills technical producbon needed. 
Possibly Will air on cable stallon . (318·312'3) 
Heatthy men and women ages lB to 45 years 
old are needed to participate In a UCSDMedlcat 
Center study examining the eff8Gt of sound on 
the eyebllnk reflex . Call 543-2494 for 

FOR SALE 
UNtX TERMINAl. and MODEM. Computer 
homewor1\at homet $157. Plug in and go. 554· 
0414. (211·3111) 
lASER VIDEO OtSCS rentat special $1 . Best 
price on laser video disc players. Lazer USA. 
457·3401. (311·3111) 
Surfboard lor sale - 6'8· excellent condition. 
552·0920. (31 1·3111) 
Guitar: steel string acoustic. Perfect condi· 
tion, full size. Brand new. $90. 586·792B. 
(3/4·411) 
Oaktand/San Diego Roundtrip for $67. Dates: 
3120 and 3127 (flexible). Call Sandra A.S.A.P. 
259·1664. (318·3111) 
Moving out around 3118/93. I must sell a full· 
size bed In good condition (S3O/o.b.o.). a nice 
wood dlntng table set with 4 chairs ($3OJo.b.o.), 
TYNCR wood table ($2O!o.b.o.). comfy chair 
(SI5/o.b.o.). Please call Brendan at 622·9096. 
(318·3111 ) 
Mac Plus. Reat Cheap $550. 20MB HD, 101 
keyboard. externaI3.5drive. tmagewriter. soli· 
ware with manuals. Call now. Ask for Rob 276· 
6862. (318·3111) 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with parve. Ap-
praised $11 .200.00. Sacrifice 56.000.00. Call 
454·2069. (318·5/1) 
Scuba divers look I Masks. fins. snorkels and 
even booties. new and cheap. Call 448·3156. 
(3111 ) 
Macintosh IISI . 5MB RAMI80MB. 6 months 
old. 13· color monitor. exlended keyboard. 
Turbo Mouse. Laserwriter NTR (IBM & Mac 
compatible). 3 word processing programs. 3 
spreadsheets. and many others. Best offer 
over $2.400 takes everything. 55Hl484. (31 
11) 

Thur day, March 11 , 1993 

Moving Sale: Futon. bed. stereo. T.V .. appIt. 
ances. etc. Everything must got Call 457 ·1554 
for delails. (3111) 
Stereo: Practically new CD player. cassene 
deck. receiver/radio. and speakers. Call 457· 
1554 for details. (3111 ) 

One space on Zion backpack~. spring break. 
S 12'3 all tncluslve. Call 587·1109. (3111) 
GOLF CLUBS. DUNLOP ODH·II . 3·9. PW. 
SW. puller. bag, cart. Was $500. sell for $410. 
622-0727. (3111) 
'86 Ford Escon Wagon. AM·FM cassene. 5 
spd. Have records. $175010"er. Mary 552· 
8585 x7019. (3111) 
Kingsize heated waterbed. Good oonditJon. 
$150 o.b.o. Moving. must seUI488·1940. (31 
11·3129) 

Brand new surfboard. never been ridden. 6'2·. 
thruster. $210.00. Go for ~f Call Deed. 552· 
0920. (31 11 ·312'3) 
MONTREAL · CHEAP airline ticket for spring 
break. 3/22·3128. $300. Call 558·8008. (311 I) 

HOUSING 
ON·CAMPUS APARTMENT·MATE(S) for 93· 
94. Must be Third College male(s). t have 
GUARANTEED HOUSING privileges to offer. 
Call me, Chee·Hahn. at 546·1644 and we'lI 
talk. (2122-311 1) 
Female roommate needed spring quarter. Own 
roomlbalh. Nice view In UTC. $425_ Jamee 
458-0355. (2122·3111 ) 
SPRING QUARTER and summer. Masler 
bdrm. $370-one person. S235·two to share. 
own bath. waSher/dryer. pool. bus to UCSD. 
non·smoker. non·allergic to cat. Call Stacy or 
Usa 625·0821. (feave messege) (2122·311 1) 
Clairemonl00nd0mlnium for sale: Great starter 
-appliances Induded. 2-bdrm (large master). 
bath. patio. parking. washer/dryer. pool. weight 
room. jacuzzi. 58UI\8. BBO gritls. fountain. 
Very affordable in low 8O·s. 571-0860 . (311·31 
11 ) 

Roommate wanted for spring quarter. $3401 
mo. + 1/3 utililles. Call 558·2076. Vans area. 
(311·3111 ) 
Seeking easygotng. responstble femate 
roornma18s forsunny PB hou&8. Single. 341 .00 
+ uIItities. Laura 270·7857. (3Il·3I f 1) 
Housemate wanted: Every conceivable 
amenity In your own master bedroomlbath. 
Within walking distance of SChoot In La Jolla 
Village TeMls Club. Transferring and need 
male to take my place. $395.00. 554· 1302. (31 
1·31111 

Furnished condo.-RegentsRd. 2bdr., 1 ba .• 
balcony. $825.00. 619·491 ·1196 or 714·779· 
0540. (314·5/5) 
3 bedroom condo off Eastgate Mall avatlable 
July or Septembar. $11401month. Nina 792· 
6453. (311,3129) 

One roommate wanted starting btwn. 3120 and 
411 tor 3-6 months (negot.). The apartment Is 
In UTC area and houses lour people. For 
single room/share bath rent is $3501mo. plus 
1/4 utilities. Also includes pools. jacuzzis. 
clubhouse w/gym facilities. and security 
system. Contact Cory at622·1121. (318·3111) 
Female roommate wanted 10 share master 
bedroom. Villas of renaissance. S3OOImonth. 
Sherry 452·2568. (318·4/8) 

Roommale wanted · own room and bath 
- Mission Bay apt. 5330/mo. + 1/3 utll . 
Spring and summer. 276-3738 . (3/8 ·3/ 
11) 
R<>OM FOR RENT. S29l1month + 113 utility. 
Washer/dryer. Ma lelfemale. 546·0309 . 
University City. (318·311 1) 
FEMAl.E ROOMMATE WANTED to share 
University City home with three others . 
Own room . Share balh . $350/monlh 
(Inctudes utilities) . Nice. must see . Call 
Jen at 566 ·4841 . No pelS . please . (3/8· 
3/11 ) 
Sorrento Mesa . 15 minutes from campus. 1 
bedroomibath for rent. $350. New hOuse. pool . 
jacuzzi. laundry. Prefer quiet non·smoker. no 
drugs, no pelS. Call Lisa at 578·8419. (318·31 
11) 
Qulel, responsible person to share cardlll 
2 bedroom house . Master bedroom . 
private bath . ocean view . Walk to beach . 
shops. busllne. Call 942 ·1273. (3/8·3/ 
11 ) 
ROOMMAT E WANTED • own room In 
townhouse btw. UCSD and UTC. S300lmo. + 
1/4 utilities. Avallabte n~1I558-8527 . (31 
11 ) 

You can live 2 blocks from UCSDt Jacuzzi. 
tennis courts. large room. Call Jason 450· 
0494. (3111) 
La Jolla Cotony : PIT single mom has 
room availabte immedlatety. Poot . 
parking. Ser ious students onty. 587· 
0260 . (3111) 
Room spring andlor summer; near UTC • 3 
male roommates . $3501mo. Available 3120/ 
93. 458·9299. (3111·312'31 

PERSONALS 
Sigma Nu. that ski party was a blast. You 
guys sure know how to throw raging 
parties. Can't wait ·tli the next onel (3/ 
11 · 3/29) 
Thanks Beta Theta PI for the ")ail break· 
exchange. Good luck on finals and have a 
great spring breakf love. the sislers 01 Detta 
Della Oetta. (3111) 
Owar! mashou. ne? (3111) 

************ Rare Opportunity 
to Audition 

for network comedy show. 
Seekng writer/performer (age 
20-30) with ability to ad lib, 
improvise & interview. Must 
have star quality with sell-
deprecating humor. Please 
send VHS tape (3 minutes 
max) with photo & SASE. 
Respond immediatBly to: 

COMEDY SEARCH 
1626 N. Wilcox #486 
Ho))ywood, CA 90028 

TAPES WILL NOT BE RETURNED. 

************ 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Prc:ven[ative, and Cosmetic Services 

Rd/l.vd.!mndl .. • ""o<phrrr • ,If"./J" ADA. CI)A, SI>CDS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA 01., SUITE 2103 
Top Floor, filII bthind tilt El,phalll Bnr 

558-3490 
Epenings c-Sallmln.v 

AppoilllmtllfJ Avnilab/( 

II~~! 
S-Day* Off-Road, Camping 

20% STUDENT DISCOUNT on 

TourSOf~ 
• desert hot springs • pri~itive rock art I!ZJ A.~ 
• mountain trekking • SWIm, sun, relax ~~ r ...... 
• desert waterfalls • Indian basket weaving 
• Indian pottery making • isolated palm canyons 

• museums· ranchos· fish camps 
lend '.A.I.L for IIrochuN MCI eppIlclltlon 10: 

A Baja Qu". 1380 Garnet '285. 
hn Diego. CA 82109 e 274-5889 

• $575 less 20%. Group size limited. 

The UC 0 Guardian 

Por afree btUlelin, call A NYU Summer 1-800-118-4NYU, ext.141~ 
---------------------1'1'0 OONVENIENT 

SESSIONS 
May 24·July 2 
July 6·August 13 

New York University, Office of Summer Sessions 
P. O. Box 2«2, ew York, N.Y. 10117·1335 

Pl~ase send me ajree NYU J 993 Su.mmer Bulletin. 
• On 'C'oII11JlUS housing N .... 
for as linle as $100 

Soc Stc No 

per session Add, ... 

• Over 1,000 
courses offered 

• Open House 
unday, March 14 

(2 12) 998·4520 

Cir, 
( ) 

Sdool ( v"",/IN (ltltwdi?fg 

Slatt Zip Cod, 

A"o oJ '.'tr,sl 

C 122 

.,. ' 



.. 

16.' PORTS Thl' o GU1IrditHl Thursd1l) , 1111'('h ll , 1993 

WINTER IN REVIEW 

The men's basketball 
team started out slowly 
but eventually got roiling, 
winning 10 of their last 
11 games and finishing 
with a 17-8 record. UCSD 
was left out of the NCAA 
tournament In a surprising 
decision, despite the best 
efforts of Chris Moore 
who led the team In 
scoring and was named to 
the All-West Region first 
team. 

;~~'i"~~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos 10% OFF 
does n01 apply to sale items 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 
L4 S~ 3761 Mission Blvd .. SD 92109 488·1134 

S D 
VS 

COLORS • CUT·OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTlONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MIlITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUF 
F AIRMAIRS 

.4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH 
1-_____ M·SAT. 11 ·6:30 • 222-0220 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 

•

SPECIES LIST! 
• I formerly 

.. ~ Koala 5 FROZEN YOGURT Pmguill 's 
P~o v~ 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 452 0524 

ZEN YOG betwem Blockbusttr alld AnthollY's -

r----------------~~ 
: ~r~fs 49. ! J':;~fin25: T!:~!g : 
I . or Any other 1 ~. SlU I with pllrchase of I I Just 10 calones I f1~voryou I IIny smllll 

per ounce! I chOON I medillm, or large I I OnIr Wllh chis coupon. I ~--~-- I ~--~-- ~----­an. PO' porsoo. E.,p 3/JI/~3 an. PO' proon. Exp. 3/JI/;j I an. PO' PO""'" ('p 3/JI/'IJ -----------~-----

Sabrina Lum and the women's 
swtmmlna team kick off the 
NCAA Division III national 
championships today In 
AHanta. Lurn and her 
teammates will be dueling 
arctHtvai Kenyon College, 
which UCSD upset earlier this 
year In dual meet action. 

1- -;.:~,l ;', - - - - , 
,. /i.e:; .... ' Terr'l I . ..::::I'\~)i).~.~·, t;1 

I ,: ... :~~~~,t.:~" S~hlegel 
I (,,, ~ ,. ." :'f(1amcuns t 
I '"( -VCSO Reg .. 
I • Se!CIALS ~rice Students 
1 vFull~t $35 $26 
. " >,f\II$" $20 $15 
\:) 'Manicure $12 $ 8 
I , P.edlc:ure $20 $15 
1 / , Must present coupon 
I _ Specialize in French acrylics 
1 -> and silk wraps. 
r··' Nodn~. 

I p.rtof PRIMO Hair Design 
1 4313 La Jolla Village Dr. 
1 Ste. K-4 455-0046 
L Hours: T~.~u Fri~ am-7pm -.J 

1/ Love is of God If 

~~~~K$13 * 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI . 

Japanese cars only. Includes new 
spark plu&s. set tlml,"" scope 
engine. uncle. hOOd check. 
VMS, a. Plug e~nes. plat.num piuls lI"b • • 

from 
Brake SpeCial * $60 
C & D Auto Car. 
Mon.oFri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 
6660 Miralllllr Rd., suite C 

(behind Goodyur) 
San Dteco, CA 92121 
(819) 558-2438 

• most eel'S 

The young Triton 
women's basketball 
team finished up Its year 
at 13-:12 with senior 
Erica Scholl leading the 
way. Scholl's 30 
rebounds against 
Southern California 
College this season was 
t he most by any college 
basketball player, male 
or female, in any Division 
this year. 

• MTV Concerts • 
• Daily Beach Events • 

• Reggae Sunsplash • Venus Model Search • Toga Parties 
• 70's Hip Hop • and much much more 

Third College Seniors ••• 
Is there something you would like 

to say at Graduation? 
The Third College Commencement Committee 
will be accepting graduation speeches until 
Monday, April 12, at 4:00 pm in the Third College 
Dean's office (TCAB). 
For more information, stop by or call 53+4390 
BEFORE THE DEADLINE. 

st 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF YW's and AUDl's II. 1DW5 Moster Mechanics G-
==== exclusively VW and AUDI 

9870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 
Air. Water Cooled • Maintenance s.vicea • Air Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines. Gas & DIeeeI • EJec:trlCliI • Clutch ... Brakes. VIIVH 

LoccMd In the Aulopc:wt Mal • Miramar 
Next Door to DisCOlXlt 1Ie 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

T hlll'sday , Ma rch lI , 1993 

Mustangs 
Stampede 
Tritons • SI 

T he UC 0 Gu ardian SPOHT 17 

ewal SOFIBAU.: UCSD can't 
find offense in two losses to 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 
By Gregg Wrenn sportswear 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team lost its 
seventh and eighth games in a row on 
Sunday, dropping both end of a 
doubleheader (0 Divi ion n Cal Poly-
San Lui Obi po. 

clothing 
The Mu tangs 

trounced the Tri -
tons 10-0 in the 
first game before 
UCSD slowed 
San Luis down in 
the econd, 10 ing 
5-0. 

The Tri10n de-
fense was as ab-
sent as 1he offense 

in game one. "We were missing rou-
tine plays, they were mental errors," 
said UCSD Head Coach Patricia 
Gercken . "But Cal Poly was really 
good, a very deep·hitting team," 

UCSD found ome of its defen e 
in the second game to help pitcher 
Cathy 0 'Connor, but the offense was 
as moribund as ever. 

This has become a worrisome trend 
for Gerckens , team. "Our bats need to 
come alive," she said. "We have been 
challenged this season and we've got 
a 101 of games left, so the wins will 
come." 

The Tritons have not been hun yet 
by the fact that they only have I 1 
players. "Obviously when I want to 
put in a pinch runner or ome1hing 
like that, I can't do it all the time, but 
basically it hasn't been a problem." 
Gerckens said. 

Despite the I -8 start. the coach is 
optimistic about the rest of this sea-
son. The Tritons have yet to playa 
Division m team, thus far dealing 
with four Division II teams and an 
NAIA squad. 

"When we stan to play our Divi-
sion m schedule, the wins will start to 
come," Gerckens said. "They; I come 
before that as long as we keep believ-
ing in ourselves." 

WE'LL EWE YOUR 
COLLEGE LOAM. 
If you're stuck with a studentIoan that's not 
in default, the Army might pay it off. 
If you QUalify, well reduce your debt by 
1/3' up to a $55,000 limit for each year you 
serve as a soldier, so after just 3 years 
youll have a clean slate. 

You 11 also have training in a choice 
of skills and enough self-assurance 
to last you the rest of your life. 

Get all the details from your 
Army Recruiter. 

CALL 
(619) 569-7878 

ARMY. 8. ALL lOU CAN B.: 

sweats 
30-50% off 
UCSD 
t-shirts 
$4.99& 

da 
$ 
u 

-. 

from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
clothing dept. info 534-8530 
the sidewalk sale will be in 
front of the UCSD Bookstore 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
·77(1: 

No minimum. 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 
only 4«1: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 



18 

, -

\ . 

Th D Guardian Thnr clay, March 1.1 , 1993 

MTR~MUR~L PAGE 
UC SAN DIEGO 

SOCCER Basketball Dream team 
Distinguished panel selects basketball's best 

Intramural Cup Finals OK, so the squad that went to Barcelona had some fair talent Sure Magic, Jordan, Laettner and the gang wal<ed allover the rest of the 
world, but were they as good as these All-Stars? All we know here at the 1M Dept. 
is that they declined an invitation to lace 'em up against UCSD's Dream Team. You 
can draw your own conclusion. 

The Intramural Cup Soccer Championships will be held this coming weekend in fronl of a capacity crowd 
at the North Campus Rae fields. Having seen us struggle through a rather tough rainy season, the 1M 
God's decided to bless us with beautiful weather for the playoHs. Teams that are competing for The Cup 
have truly earned their keep, as every team in every division made it to playoHs. Some teams will have 

A blue ribbon pane/was commissioned to identify the five best players In the program. 
After pouring over stat sheets. sitting through hundreds of games and watching hours 
of video they finally found the five players worthy of being called All-1M. played and won as many as 5 rounds of games en route 10 their btles. 

Come on out. grab some rays, and join us for exerting 1M Cup action. 
Division Tlme location 
Coed A 12 pm NCR·NW 
Coed AAA 1 pm NCR·NW 
Mens AA 2 pm NCR·NW 
WOfT,en's A 2 pm NCR·MW 
Qutstanding Effort Soccer Teams 

Division 
CoedAA 
Men's A 
Men's AAA 
Women's AA 

Time 
12pm 
1 pm 
3pm 
3pm 

Location 
NCR·MW 
NCR·MW 
NCR·NW 
NCR·MW 

Point Guerd: c.Io c.IoIe, S' 5", ..... Ior 
This Spud Webb clone runs the show for the highly rated A JERK & A SQUIRT in 
Men's AA and LAUNCHING PAD'S BACK in Coed AA. He averaged 14.7 assists. 
9 steals and 12.6 points per game. He posted triple doubles in 8 games to lead IM's 
in that department. 'I grew up In a small backwater town not too far from Sacramento 
and when the Kings picked up Spud. Hey, I was a fan for hfe. I love hiS game: Carlo 
couldn't get either team into the finals, but he had a big year. 
Shootln. Guard: Uncoln Combs, 1'4", Junior 

rne follOWing teams may not have made rt to the finals. but showed us all how to have fun Ifl the true SPlnt of Intramural Sports. 
Congralulatlons on earning 1M Sports hlQhest honor ... recognilion for oulstandlng sportsmanship. Give yourselves a pat on the back! 

How can a guy shooting 35% be featured as a shooter? Easy. It's his complete lack 
of conscience. He gives himself the green light when he gets out of the car in the 
parking lot. Ya. he's nearty broken a lew backboards with some of hiS long range 
grenades. but no-one else is regularly heaving up 25, 35 and 45 footers. He throws 
up as much trash as he talks. Who cares if they aren't falling, just haVing the guts 

NADS MEN'S AA LORD MIKE & DISCIPLES II MEN'S A 
GROVELLERS COED A DA GIRLS WOMEN'S A 
WINNERS MEN'S AAA 

FLOOR H KEY 

The Big Show 
The Reckerdome, La Jolla, California 
Saturday, March 13, 1993 

1M Floor Hockey has reach an all·time popularity peak on campus and this weekend's 
champIonship action Will undoubtedly be the toughest ticket In San Diego. Most of 
the top seeds have advanced to late round play. with only a few upsets spoiling the 
dream of others. 

All champIOnship games Will take place on Saturday. March 13th. 
Team Time 
Men's A lOam 
Men's MA 12 pml3 pm" 
Women's AA 2 pm 
"If necessary m Double Ellmmation play 

Team 
Men's AA 
Women's A 

Kleenex™ Pick"A-Winn~r Poll 
(Odds from current line @ Caliente) 
Team Odds Comments 
Men's AAA 
Joker Slap Factor 2·1 Don't wanl double finall 

Time 
l1am 
1pm 

Vinet Ain1 Rushin' 10·1 The score of their semi·finall 
Men'sAA 
Dells 3·1 Tough without hangovers 
Da·Rombpops·Bult 5·1 Capable of huge upset 
Men's A 
Sloppy Bult Zits 5·2 Bet the ranch! 
00 Yacht Club 500·1 Makin' waves in the pond 
Smokln' Sticks 500·1 Keep on smokin' 
Marty's Revenge 1000·1 Just happy to be here 
Women'sAA 
Heat 7·5 An AII·Star team 
Melting Ice 10·1 Best goalie in the game 
Bio's Fears SO·1 Could be a good $2 bet 
Women's A 
Absolute Hanmony 5·1 In a tighl race 
Boot to the Head 6·1 1M God's pick 
You Golta Swallow 7·1 Could surprise others 

La t Guardian is ue until March 29 

c 
WITH 

FINALS 

to gun, gun, gun eams him a spot on this team. 
&maO Forwn: Gene SmIth, I' 5", ..... Ior Jacks BGP He's what IM's are all about The nicest guy In the worid on and off the court, until the 

, ball gets tossed up. Then, Gene's all business. He plays hard, clean and keeps the Win One-Pitch Mching and moaning to a minimum. He makes TEAM HORNACEK (Men's AAA) a 
Softball T."tles perennial contender by chipping in 16 points and 12 rebounds each outing. Every time he steps on the court, he expects to win, and usually does. But when the buner 

They billed themselves as a stylish bunch sounds and his squad is on the short end, he's the first one to offer his hand in 
of Pendleton shirt freaks, 1he Lumber- congratulations. A lot of folks should read from this class act's playbook. 
)acksdid,andafterallthedusthadsettJed Pow ... Forwn: Emily Rubin, 5' 11", SenIor 
this past weekend, this group of pre-dom _ Few have owned the paint like this gal. She beats on you, boxes you out blocks your 
nanlly ex-Triton baseball players,laid claim shot dishes out a couple of elbows and then hits a IS-footer in your face. The worst 
to the UCSD Men's Winter One-Pitch soft- part is that the whole time she's beating you up she has this huge smile on her face. 
ball champion· ship. Hey, quit rubbing it in. Emily doesn't need to talk any trash. her stats do all the talking 

Wrththehelpofsomeconsistentlythun. (16 boards, 12 points, 6 blocks and 5 fouls per game). She is a big reason 
deroushlttlng, ScottSutherland'sEhlacks CLUELESS is the favorite to annex the women's tiUe on Sunday. 
d W\eflellWill e 13· Center: DomIICo Hall .. , S' 10-7/ 8", Junior 
11 1 19-3 h osUy When you watch this guy play, you think you're watching Wes Unseld back in the 70·s. 
uW.llli11i. Steve Reis, He's buin like a tank, but has great moves and goes to the rack! In a game where 

al ", Jo everyone is the same size, He has risen above the crowd to be the most commanding 
out four hit! "ch in pi. post player in 5·1 0 hoops. No-one messes with this load in the middle. Domingo also 

o e against" Luds each sets the thickest pick in an IM·s. It's a long road to the finals. but with this 'aircraft 
co ~ hits _In 1o.cun, n l·hit carrier' in the line'up, BELOW THE RIM has got a great shot. 

7~'!, .......... pgers. Hoops Finals Sunday, March 14 
Dies' lOld! dub pulled (Iff the C 

tournament's biggest upset in the semi. 7 hampions to b6 crowned-12:OO pm Women's, 1:00 pm Coed A, 2:00 pm Coed AA, 
finals with a hugel8-16 nmth'inning win <--3_:_15_pm_ Men_ '_. _A,_4_:30_ pm,_ 5-_1_0 _&_Under __ , _S:_45_pm, __ Men_ 'S_AA._ 7_:oo_ pm_ Men_ '_S _AAA_---l 
over tournament odds-on favorrte Sliding 
Drlbos. Dave Dittman was the hitting star 
in that one with four hits. 

In the Coed One'Pltch Championship 
tournamen~ Usa McNeill's Bad Grlnt Pro-
posals used some clutch hitting by Joanne 
Powell·Coffman and Kim Ketudat in a 4· 
run third inning to squeak past Beer Good, 
Fir. Bid 7-6 in the championship game. 
BGP won four consecutive games in the 
two-day tournament posting solid t 0-8, 
20-9, and 1 ~5 wins in preliminary action. 
Beer Good, Fire BId was equally impres-
sive with montrous 1 ~ I, 33-4, and 22·13 
wins In their early round games. 
Order 01 Finish (Selson Record) 
Men's 
1 Lumberjacks (~1) 
2 Loads (5,2) 
3 Sliding Drabos (8-2) 
3 Genuine Draft (7·3) 
Coed 
1 Bad Grant Propopsals (10-2) 
2 Beer Good, Fire Bad (~2) 
3 Strawberry Swing (4·2) 
3 I'm Batman (9-1) 

Three Strikes-You're Outl 
An intense 1M Team Bowfing season ended this past Sunday. but before" was over you 

couldn' be sure if these people were bowfing or pitching. For some, the pins were miraculously 
lalting. while for others, well, thfy were cal6ng the police with charges of robbery before the night 
was over. 

T we Sundays back (Feb. 28)1he SWeltSlxtelnwastlehll'o itoUlIO _e the Final Four. "No 
ChedcIIr PIeaze" took .... paelaltaT"WIIIIr~~ 200 pins while Mike 
"Porn Daddy' Madden ...... 1IIy ...... 1O _198_ IIId -rha Porn House' to the 
number two spot "~ hlldOlllllillllllthrot.9lOut t*" third thanks to Jimmy 
Gekas' strikeout in the 1011 ......... tI"X·RItId" who snalChed the last berth. 

The pressure was,... ... FlrWIbldIr alhe four teams ballad. "No Chedda(took 
the first game, edging ....,.. by * pine. In .. -=cnd, Stacie SI!Iaki emerged from the 
bullpen to throw three...... WlaltllecUia.l settled ........ " (Jen Martin. Stacie 
Sasaki, Jim Gekas • .bIQllIIIII"'=,,=ioto~clWlpionshiP game to face 
'No Cheddar: the scune,....... Ibtie" by. "ere three pins. Wrth 
such close scores e~""" .. IW~picMIIlJp'that sparer 

Inthefinal.thenef'4lltNd .......... , ........ lIow. Aherfoutframes,"NoCheddar" 
heldafiftypinlead aIC~CIIIIII ........ _ , ~e.outof~l8COrdngthreestrikes 
in the fihh frame, starilng SaSakJ towa another with lhree more strikes. 

"No Cheddar" began to look ike the Portland T raibtazers as they watched the game stip away. 
In the 10th Walker spared and Duane Gee struck to keep hope aiva. but they were left to watch 
as Adam Muzikant racked up their sixth split. Jon Oh carne on as the closer and did just that, 
striking out the side (a clutch turkey if you will) giving "Menage" tKe 12 pin comeback victory and 
the 1M Crown. 

'The Pom House" took the 3rd place match as Mandy Johnson also put together three 
consecutive strikes on her way to a 174 game. Watch for these bowlers on the softball fields next 

mlililmmmi=:amquarter, they know how to pitch. 

BJ's 
,~ ~j $ 

Pizze ria 

ANY 
LARGE PIID 
~ present coupon wben ordering. 
Valid for dellwry, wrryoot or dIne In 
f.llp. 3/31 / 93 

FREE CAMPUS DEIMIY TO YOUI DOOI 
SuI 11 :30 ClIft· 11 filii M·Th 11 CIIft·ll pm 

Fri. & Sat .. 1 am-12 mid 

8873 Villa LajoJla Dr. LaJoila Village Center 455.0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is sliD tbe best! 


