
, H E u 

UCSANDIEGO 1HURSI?AY, MAY 13, 1993 

5 PEe I A LIS SUE: U C FIN A N C I ALe R I SIS 

"A twenty 
percent cut In 

two, .... 
translates 

Into ••• bitter, 
vlscIous 

decisions. " 
-Richard Atkinson 

UCSD Chancellor 

he news has simply gone from bad to worse to worse 
yet. 1'hree years of budget cuts have just led to more 
budget cuts, and now the University of California faces 
the worst financial crisis in its history. 

Students look on helplessly as their fees skyrocket 
and services and course offerings plummet. Faculty are 
leaving in droves, searching for greener pastures at other 
institutions or being laid off by departments no longer 

able to pay them. Those who stay take pay cuts, have their phones 
turned off and pay for copies from their own pockets. 

'The latest news out of Sacramento is of budget cuts so severe that 
the university may cancel all classes for a quarter next year. In response 
to the rumors, uc Office of the President Spokesperson Mike Lassiter 
simply said, "You can't rule anything out at this point." 

A dire picture was painted last week here at UCSD; it isn't just the 
Physical Education Department being eliminated, but entire education 
programs and graduate schools. Students will gather today for an 
"Educational Crisis Carnival" in desperate hope that a message will 
reach Sacrnmento in time to save one of the state's last great resources. 

We can only hope that the message is heard. 
---francIeco DeVrIes 

c s D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 14 

OUT OF THE FRYING 
PAN ~ INTO THE FIRE 
Departmems, students brace for the worst as UCSD 

prepares for a third straight year ofbudget cu11; 
By PhIlip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Warren College junior Robin Perez 
said he wouldn't know what to expect 
from a small-sized class in his major. 

''There's only one class I've ever 
had that's had fewer than 150 people," 
said Perez, an economics major. "Most 
of my upper-divisionclasses have been 
at Peterson Hall," one of the largest 
lecture halls on campus. 

For Perez and other UCSD students, 
large class sizes could be the rule rather 
than the exception if the UC budget 
picture does not improve. With UCSD 
facing a cut in state funding next year, a 
report issued by a joint Academic Sen-
ate and administration task force pro-
poses several scenarios that could trans-
late into major cuts for UCSD depart-
ments. 

"We're expecting departments to 
take budget cuts of about five percent 
each," said Dean of Arts and Humani-
ties Stanley OIodorow, who co-chaired 
the task force with Literature Professor 
Stephen Cox. He noted that the effect of 
the cuts will vary among departments 
based upon the department's number of 
temporary faculty and size of support 
staff. 

''The cuts will be imposed in depart-
ments depending on individual circum-
stances," he said 

According to Chodorow, depart-
ments will try to make cuts that will have 
as little effect as possible on instruction. 
"The closer an operation is to the class-
room, the lower the cut," he said For 
example, as a dean, Chodorow's office 
will take a 10 percent cut next year. 
. Among the proposals that will affect 

students and faculty in the upcoming 
year are increased class sizes and fewer 
course offerings. 

"We do expect class size to go up, 
especially at the upper division [level]. 
We expect fewer classes and, therefore, 
larger classes," said Cbodorow, who 
also serves as associate chancellor for 
Academic Planning. 

"In the longer run, we're not looking 
at any growth," History Department 
0Iair Michael Bernstein said of his 
department Bernstein added that larger 
class enrollments would be"an iriunedi-
ate outcome of the budget cuts. 

1he Faculty ExodI. 

Besides larger classes, academic 
departments could be facing the loss of 
a large percentage of their faculty. This 
action, coupled with the UC's early 
retirement program, could lead to the 
departure of an unprecede~ted number 
of professors. 

'1'heearly retirement incentive leads 
to losing your best faculty. We're talk-
ing [about] 57-year-oldsretiring. That's 
absurd," Bernstein said. 

"We're talking about people retiring 
at the pinnacle of their careers," he 
added. 

A fear that is prevalent among both 
UCSD administrators and students is 
that tenured faculty will flee the UC 
system for greener, more financially 
stablepastures,accordingtoOiodorow. 

"We do see an increase in the amount 
of faculty receiving offers from other 
places. The deans are fighting fires. So 
far we've been pretty successful ," 
Chodorow said. 

Dean of Natural Sciences Donald 
Anderson said a massive faculty depar-
ture probably wouldn't occur this year. 
"I haven't had people come in and say 
that they're going to leave," he said 

Anderson added that if the cuts were 
only temporary, most faculty would opt 
to stay rather than leave the University 
of California system. 

1he Talk Force Report 
Although UC administrators have 

yet to see the final proposal for 
California's 1993-94 budget, the joint 
task force was fonned to recommend 
priorities for the campus in light of the 
expected decrease in resources. As the 
task force still has not been informed of 
the size of the cut UCSDfaces next year, 
its report, issued April 30, estimated the 
possible effects of budget cuts of 6, 9 
and 12 percent. 

Under the scenarios proposed by the 
task force, arts and humanities and the 
social sciences would be harder hit than 
engineering and the natural science di-
visions. Olodorow said this is because 
engineering and natura1 science depart-
ments have larger support staffs to ab-
SOIb proposed cuts, while arts and hu-
manities and social science departments 
wouldhave to lay off temporary faculty. 

"The percentage of the budget in 
[arts and humanities and social sciences] 

See REPORT, Page 8 

INSIDE 
The struggle to retain accessibility .......................... .Page 2 
The adminiJtration iJ feeling the budget cuts ....... Page 2 
Athletic program faces reductions ................................. .Page 3 
Programming /wpes w survive crisiJ ................................. Page 3 
The story is the same throughout Califomia .................... Page 7 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

ON THE 
Administratnrs stroggle to maintnin accessibility as the UC 

bemroo; the second most expensire public unirersity in the u.s. 
By Dan Krauu 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSDseniors must feel like they're 
taking the last life boat off asinking ship. 

As private institutions take up the 
UC's slack, added StaIKey, higheredu-
cation will shift significantly to the pri-
vate sector. 

But for students, possibly the most 
damaging result of the budget cuts has 
been the dramatic increase in student 
fees over the past four years. 

tmcd a fICtitious story about a 100 per-
cerufee increase. What was farcethen is 
now reality. Fees have risen a1most 220 
perceo in just three years. 

Registrar and Administration Of-
ficer Ron Bowker said the fee increases 
haven't noticabIy affectedfreshman en-
rollment, but the enrollment of transfer 
students has fallen noticeably. 

were expected to enroll last fall, only 
953 actually registered. he said. 

"Transfer students aren't as mobile 
as new freshmen. "he said. "They come 
from local Uunior colleges] and com-
munity colleges. These students feel the 
fee impact mere than freshmen." 

Bowker said that despite the fee 
increases, enrollment of first-year stu-
dents at UCSD has remained steady. 
However, headdcd, an iocreasing num-
ber of studcnIs are trying to graduate 
faster than they originally planned in an 
attempt to save money. 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 

A UCSD boclllS? 
A projection for next year has UCSD's 
enroUment ~ for the first time 
In the university's history. 

14,400 

14,300 ;····················f .. ·········· .. ··JII: 

14,200 ; ................ _+. 

14,100 

JIS fouryears ago they were paying 
next to nothing for an education at one 
of the nation's mOSlprestigious univer-
sities. In a few short weeks they will 
graduate from what is now the second 
most expensive public school in the 
nation. 

Just a little over two years ago, the 
April Fool's issue of the Guardian fea- Of the 1,00> transfer students thai See BRINK, Page 8 14,000 

Four years of massive budget cuts 
have left the UC system struggling to 
retain its academic quality without sac-
rificing accessibility to all elegible stu-
dents. Many are saying it simply cannot 
afford to do both as the budget crisis 
deepens. 

Bob StaIKey of the Campus Plan-
ning Office said that for the first time in 
the history of UCSD, the number of 
undergraduate students is expected to 
decline next year as a result of the UC 
budget crisis. The cut, which will be 
taken only from the pool of transfer 
students,isexpectedtodropthenumber 
of undergraduates by about 200 from 
this year's enrollment of 14,333. 

"The cut was small but intentional," 
said StaIKey. "It will probably be sev-
eral years before [UCSD] resumes 
growth." 

Starkey said the one percent decline 
is relatively small, but it is symbolic of 
a much larger problem that will con-
tinue to grow. 

''If we're going to lose resources, 
we're going to have to cut students," he 
said. 

In addition, Starkey said that the 
number of high school graduates is 
expected to grow, while enrollment in 
the university is expected to continue 
declining. 

''I would expect significant urunet 
demand by the mid-I990s," he said. ''It 
wiU put a lor of pressure on higher 
education to see who will take these 
students." 

Parcel' '1 or~"""""""'at UCSD In 1990, the yesr of the first ~fee hike, three of the most underrepresented minority groups showed a 
significant drop in enrollment. 

2 5% 
....,-

....""",-

~ ,.... 

-' 
2 0% ." 

-' ~ 

~ 
~ 

1 5% ... ~ 
." 

-' 
." 

/ 
II"" 

1 0% 
, 

: ''IlL 
, 

,. 

-" 

.... . ~ ~"" 
-< ~ ~ ~ t'\ ~ .-

5% "'~ "a~ ;; ,--"a_ .-... $I"" -~ .. ,... 
1 ill .- --~ .... ..... -

........ -.. ... .-!IIa .... 
.. - .... ' p i'.. _ ~'" ,~ r""7"~~- -"'IO ~ .... :~i 

()Q< '-"'" l- " :..... ,...., "... --
1982 1988 1989 1110 1991 1992 

African Am. •••••••• Filipino 
Asian •••••••• Latino 
Chicano .:i ~ .... . !llt1lJl Native Am. 

13,100 

13,800 

13,700 
'10 
'11 

'11 '12 '13 
'12 '13 "M 

Soun:e: campus Planning Office 

Financial Aid Up 
In millions of dollars: 

Source: Studenl Financial SefVices 

RIsing Cost of 
UCSD Attendance 
Expenses for students living on 
campus: 

'89-90 ·9().91 '91·92 '92-93 '93-94 
Source: Studenl financial Services 

UCSD ADMINIS1RATION FEELS BUDGET HEAT 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Many students naturally hope the 
administration will take the worst beat-
ing from next year's budget cuts in 
ordertopreserveacademicdepartments. 

But the UCSD administration and 
support staff have already been forced 
by past cuts to streamline their opera-
tions and may soon be forced to cut 
services. "It's getting tougher and 
tougher to get the job done," said Ass0-
ciate Vice Chancellor of Resource 
Management John Woods. 

Woods estimates that I 75 staff posi-
tions have already been eliminated be-
cause of budget cuts, although most of 
the loss results from the early retirement 
program, not direct layoffs. 

"It's a combination of layoffs and 
attrition. People have left positions that 
just haven 'tbeen ftlled [sincel," Woods 
said. 

In addition, an eight percent cut to 
the administrative budget this'year has 

The unirersity bureaucracy was the first target of the budget cuts; now 
with nearly 200 felreT workers 'its getting tougher w get the jJb dnne' 

caused the administrative departments 
to increase their efficiency in using re-
sources and 'i'Crsonnel. Such a cut 
amounts to approximately $4 million. 
"Our purchasing process has been dras-
ticaUy streamlined," Woods said. 

And state cuts from next year's bud-
get will certainly exacerbate the pr0b-
lem. Many administrative departments 
which are operating at a subsistence 
level now may be forced to drop some 
services if a projected 10 percent or 
greater cut to adminisIration is enacted, 
Woods said. 

While the administration's 
workload has risen between \0 and 20 
percer4, funding has decreased II per-
cent to administration and only five 
percent to academic depanments, 
Woods said. 

-

-Tr-
--1f"""'W-

-W-'Tr-W-. 
'" W ". ,., 

"0. tap .... Ily Is 
~.8.wlcl' 

but: JUII'" only 
",.1 a_ ., nICI'I 

blood aut fila 
Unlp." 

~w .... 
AssIstalt VIce Chatlcetlor of 

UndefW8ClU8te Aff8IIs 

As a result, fewer staff members are 
doing more wOOc with less support. 
"We're downsizing the adminiSlration, 
but there are areas that need to keep 
growing, and that makes it wor;,e," he 
said. 

As an example of growing adminis-
trative and support departments, Woods 
cited Fraviromtental Health and Safety 
(EllS), which is taking budget hits while 
govemmental regulations expand ex-
ponenIialIy, 

EHS is the adminislrMive depart-
ment that assures the safety of labora-
tory and wodcdeplltJllCIlIs aroundcam-
pus. It is also ~ibIe for keeping 
UCSD in line with state and fcdera1 
environmenral srandards. 

According to EHS Director Martha 
Malter, about 150 new legislative bills, 

each giving EHS a new job, have been 
passed in the last three years. She said 
the bills have in general been good for 
UCSD, but the department of 42 em-
ployees and 23 womng students has 
been hard put 10 keep up. 

No employees have been fired so 
far, but the hiring rate has decreased to 
a near standstill in the department whiJe 
its responsibilities continue to grow. 
Next year's cuts may even force layoffs 
and an accompanying drop in services. 

To keep pace with legislation, EHS 
has streamlined its operations by taking 
steps like iocreasing computer automa-
tion and decreasing paper use. '1Cuts] 
have made us work srT\8Iter," Malter 
said. 

The legislation, such as the new 
Injury and DJness Prevention Program 
which mandates that employees be up-
dated on the safety of their wortcplace, is 
good for the campus despite the in-
creased WOItdoad, Malter said. 

See STAFF, Page 7 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

IT'S NOT JUST A GAME 
ByGreaWNM 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD Athletic Department, 
traditionally adominant program within 
Ihe National Collegiate Athletic 
Association's (NCAA) Division ill,may 
be in danger of losing that position as 
impending budget cuts take their toll on 
an already fmancially-slTapped depart-
ment. 

According to Athletic Director J udith 
Sweet, the athletic department was bud-
geted approximarely$760,OOJthis year, 
and while specific cuts to that amount 
are not known, that figure is almost 
certain to be cut. That amount is already 
insufficient to maintain the department, 
which must raise an additional$70,()()(). 
$100,000 each year at the department 
and indiv idual team level to meet costs 
Next year's cut~ will only make the 
problem worse. 

'~Wehaveto look real hard at across-
the-board-<:uts," Sweet said. "We don't 
have a lor of options, and none of them 
are desirable." Among the cuts Sweet is 
considering are ~ctions in funds for 

CUl1; to the UCSD athletic program rrtfLy force teaJns to tum to their own 
fondraising efforts in order to stay actire in interrol1eginte competition 

equipment, supplemental travel and in-
jury insurance for the athletes. "We will 
try and preserve a broad-based pro-
gram, but we're already a no-frills pr0-
gram," she said. "We need an increase 
of funding, not cuts, just to keep the 
program at current levels which is al-
ready behind where we want to be. " 

The Recreational/lntramuraiAthlet-
ics Complex (RIMAC) underconstruc-
tion operates outside of the athlelic 
department's budget and is so far nor 
affected by any cuts. 

The largest part of the funds from 
registration fees, about $500,000, goes 
to salaries for coaches and staff. Team 
operating expenses total $100,00>. an 
average ofless than $5,000 for each of 
UCSD's 23 intercollegiate teams. An-
other $100,000 is allocated to support 
services such as mail, phones and insur-
ance, which alone costs over $30,000. 
Equipmentand travel expensestoevents 

outside the area are budgeted at an 
additional $60,000. 

To help combat the expected cuts, 
the athletic department has changed the 
job description for the vacant post of 
associate athletic director from game 
managemenI to fund-raising. However, 
the new associatedirectorwill not bean 
instant cwe for the ailing department 

According to Sweet, the cuts will 
force the UCSD athletic program to 
"put morepressureon the teams to raise 
money themselves in order to maintain 
the current level of funding. That will 
shift the focus from training to fund-
raising," she said 

Two of UCSD's more successful 
programs of Iate,the women's voUey-
baU and men's basketbaU teams, have 
distinctly different approaches to fund-
raising, but both must make drastic 
changes if they want to keep their per-
formance at the championship level. 

Coach Doug Dannevik's women's 
volleyball team has won six national 
titles in 12 years, making it the most 
dominant Division ill volleyball pr0-
gram in the country. In addition to the 
money it receives from the athletic de-
partment, the team must raise an addi-
tional $8,00> a year to keep competing. 

Five thousand dollars of that comes 
from four grass<ourt voUeyball touma-
rnents heldeach year around campus. In 
addition, a full sponsorship from 
MinzunoCorporationprovidestheteam 
with equipment, uniforms and shoes. 

Dannevik has also begun to receive 
guarantees, money given to the team for 
showing up at tournaments. These are 
usually small amounts, just enough to 
help defer the cost of travel and out-of-
state lodging. 

EVENTS TO CONTINUE DESPITE CUTS 

With the impending cuts, Dannevik 
expects the need for money from pri-
vatedonors to increase. ''I've gor to start 
getting more private donations, which 
is something I wouldn't be doing if we 
didn't have these cuts," he said 

Without a UCSD football team, 
which generally has the most financial 
success of all coUegiate sports, Men's 
BasketbaU Coach Tom Mai'ShalJ finds 
himself as the head of UCSD's only 
marquee sport. 

By Jeff NIese! 
Senior Staff Writer 

Despite the possibility of a 10 per-
cent cut in the University Events Office 
(UEO) budget, UEO Director Lynne 
Peterson said she remains confident that 
.the events office can continue to pro-
vide quality entertainment for UCSD 
students. 

The AS. Programming Office may 
also face budget cuts, but because the 
programming office is funded by self-
assessed AS. fees, it will not be as 
severely affected by the reduction in 
state funding for the UC system as the 
registration fee-funded UEO. 

Peterson said thai while the UEO is 
searching for new funding sources, it 
will nonetheless havetoadjust to its new 
financial situation. 

"We're obviously going to have to 
scale back the ambitious program we 
usually have," she said. 

Peterson added that UEO is consid-
ering alternative venues in orderto make 
the events more fmanciauy successful. 

"We're also going to try to book 
some events downtown, so hopefully 
instead of having to be subsidized, these 
events will actually make money," she 
said. "We wiU start cautiously and if it 
works, make sure students can afford 

~ CiOJ 

the eV.ents and get down there. We're 
trying to be creative." 

Peterson said that fmding alterna-
tive sources of funding is not only diffi-
cult, but something she is reluctant 10 
do. 

"We don't want the students to lose 
control over what we present We're 
unique in the UC system in the fact thai 
students run the programs," Peterson 
said. 'The more you go out externally, 
the tougher it is to maintain control. I do 
feel our ticket prices are about as high as 
we want to go." 

Among events sponsored by the 
UEO are the prestigious International 
StyleFilin Series and anumberofmulti-
cuItural events in Mandeville Audito-
rium throughout the school year. 
Peterson said the office will maintain its 
multi-<:ultura\ approach. 

"The department has had a cornmit-
ment to doing international events, and 
that's a commib1lenr we want to keep," 
she Said. "However, in order for us do 
that, the music department and UEO 
have had a nice merger of programming 
with world music performances because 
they helped pick up the bill for 
Mandeville. With their cuts, it's a little 
uncertain if this will continue. We don't 
want to do only commercial things be-

cause we try to make our arts program 
educational, but it's going to be diffi-
cult." 

The cuts UEO absorbed this year 
were not as drastic because contracts 
that the office had already made with 
performers could not be broken. 

'This (year] was our 25th anniver-
sary, so we had been planning for two 
years and already had commitments, so 
we're going to have to make up for this 
year next year," Peterson said. "II's go-
ing to be hard on staff and keeping staff 
morale up when they're all getting pay 
cuts. This year, we already cut out help-
ing student organizations. We're h0p-
ing to maintain through a couple diffi-
cult years ahead, but it is going to be a 
challenge." 

. AS. Programming Director Robb 
Earnest said he was not sure how much 
money would be allocated to the A.S. 
Programming Office next year, but he 
said he plans to ask formore funding and 
hopes to use money from advertising 
and corporate sponsorship to increase 
the office's revenue. 

"I won't rea\ly know [how much 
money the progranuning office will re-
ceive from the AS.] for sure until I 
present my budget to the council and see 

See EVENTS, Page 7 

Men's basketball also receives guar-
antees' but on a \arger scale than the 

NEWS 3 

ORE 
volleyball program. UCSD generally 
plays one Division I team per year and 
receives money forthegame. This year 
the Tritons traveled to Oregon Slate 
and were paid $7 ,OOJ for the effln 

With the impending cuts, teams 
may need to schedule more than one 
Division I game in order to take in 
additional income. However, becalR 
of new restrictions about schedule 
strength imposed on teams that hope to 
make the Division I NCAA touma--
ment, Division I teams willing to play 
UCSDare increasingly difficultto fmd. 

In addition to guarantees, private 
donations from sources such as the 
Triton Athletic Associates boosterclub 
genemte about $4,00> for men's bas-
ketball. The money from guardllteell 
and boosters is essential, according 10 
Marshall. "There is no possible way fo 
us to operate without the Division I 
game and the booster clubs," he said. 

Unlike women's volleyball, men's 
basketball athletes do not take part in 
any fund-raising. But that may soon 
change. 

"I don't know about asking the 
team to fund-raise, but we'U do what-
ever it takes to make money," MarshaIJ 
said 

"We've been able to make it work 
on a shoestring budget," he continued. 
"But we may have a major problem 
next year. It's tough to cut fat when you 
don't have any. There is no fat in the 
athletic department, only muscle and 
bone." 

Speaker: William Bresnick, M.D. ".)1][4 Pre-medical and medical school 
issues •.. genlng inlo medical school UC MEDICAL RESIDENT 

Co-DIRECfOR, Co{um6ia Mat'T '.RJview 

Sponsored by: THE UCSD PRE·MEn CLUB & CO{umbia MCJlfJ' ~view 

The Cove, Price Center • Monday, Mav 17th, 6 p.m. 



" OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial BolIrrJ 

BEN BOYCHUK. editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Manaat~ Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News editor 
PHtUP MICHAElS, Opinion Editor 

lilt UCSD CJuMNn .. ~ _ • _III \lie UrWMi1r 01 CIIIfomiI. SIn DI$. COnI8nIa 
C1III3. _ ...... _ ~ ... ~ _at ........ 11 _, ond .. not 
___ at \hi uc _ fA"""", \hi AlUCSO. _ \lie __ CJuMNnIUll. 

1he Slwab • .., Ssp Keeps 
GoIng'" GoIng ...... 

Ever wonder why people roll their eyes and stifle guffaws 
whenever anybody mentions the words "student govenunent" at 
UCSD? Then aU you have to do is take a look at the recent 
shenanigans of the Election Administration Committee (EAC) and 
recently-elected A.S. President Randolph Siwabessy to understand 
why the AS. and campus politics are regarded as some sort of cruel 
joke. Nearly two weeks since Siwabessy announced his temporary 
leave of absence and his strange saga began, every party involved 
has behaved in a bungling and ridiculous manner. 

Take the actions of the EAC, which was the ruling body in the 
complaint filed by Revelle College senior D.A. Bartolotta against 
Siwabessy and his "Student Action Now!" slate. During the hearing, 
the EAC proclaimed that it was an investigatory board, a pretty 
ambitious and admirable goal. But when the decision was an-
nounced, the EAC appeared to be anything but investigatory. It ruled 
that there was conflicting evidence in the case and therefore could 
not issue a verdict. In other words, the EAC decided not to decide. 

Furthennore, the EAC sent two counts of Bartolotta 's complaint 
back to the Judicial Board, which had forwarded the case to the EAC 
in the first place. It seems no one knows who has jurisdiction, not 
even the people in charge. 

The members of these boards can only be partially faulted for 
their behavior-the AS. Constitution is such a muddled, contradic-
tory piece of dreck that it's hard to teU who has jurisdiction in 
hearings, let alone what bylaws are involved. If the A.S. wishes to 
gain any credibility or to. ever pull off its oft-promised autonomy 
scheme, then it had best get its act together. The current A.S. 
Constitution should be used as kindling, and a new, clearer, more 
rigid document should be wrinen to replace it. 

If only Siwabessy's actions could be solved that easily. After the 
J udiciaI Board ruled against him in the case of Gesson v. Siwabessy, 
Siwabessy had the opportunity to go away quietly with his dignity 
and reputation intact. But rather than follow this sensible course of 
action, Siwabessy vowed to not go away quietly. He plans to appeal 
the board's ruling, meaning more weeks of legal gymnastics. 

Nonnally, ifSiwabessy wanted toraisearuckus, it would be none 
of our business. Butprolonged appea\sdo notonly involve Siwabessy 
- the whole AS. Council is dragged along with him. The co-op 
negotiations, autonomy and any other AS, activities are put on the 
back burner while Siwabessy takes on all comers. 

'There is a conflict between what is best for the students and what 
is in my own interest," Siwabessy said last week. Clearly, the best 
thing for student interests would be for Siwabessy to step aside as 
soon as possible. This nonsense has gone on long enough. 

A Grim UC Budget Forecast 
The news section in today 's issue ofthe Guardian offers a grim 

forecast of sobering statistics about the budgetary downfall of the 
University of California After all of the horror stories about 
increasing fees and the accompanying decrease in educational 
quality, it seems only fair io focus on a way out of the crisis. 
Unfortunately, no easy solutions present themselves. 

The sad fact is that the UC, once among the best university 
systems in the nation, is rapidly being beaten into mediocrity. 
Enormous funding cuts from the state, amounting to $135 million 
and possibly $335 million this year alone, are gutting the founda-
tions of a system that was once the pride of California. 

Other sources of revenue are under consideration, but the cuts 
from the state are just too severe to be recovered by novel funding 
schemes. Sufferi ng an incredible loss of state support, the UC has no 
choice but to downscale or eliminate departments and programs, 
raise fees, ftre staff members and eliminate certain faculty positions. 

The Legislature seems too money-starved to look beyond the 
short-term solution of destroying its world-renowned university 
system. The governor and legislators seem not to notice that the UC 
drives California' s high-tech economy or thatthe next generation of 
students will barely get a passable education. 

The across-the-board cuts to education have recently led to 
severe bickering over the crumbs being thrown to the UC. Other 
campuses are demanding special treatment - UC Berkeley wants 
more money because it is the "flagship" campus. As this issue 
shows, however, the budget crisis is devastating all ues at all levels. 
Only a united plea from the UC may save it from the chopping block. 

The UCSD Guardian -Thunday, May 13, 1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

THINK WHAT I THINK, 
SAY WHAT I SAY 

COI't1IVENTARY: Free speech should be a two-way street, but you wouldn't 
know it from observing life at the University ofPermsylvania or even at UCSD 

MATT 

mmnson 

One thing is clear about free 
speech at many universities: it is a 
one-way street-good in cnedirec-
tion, unacceptable in the other. At the 
University of Pennsylvania, for in-
stance, a group of black students 
confiscated 14,000 copies of the 
school paper because some of its 
writers dared to criticize affirmative 
action and question Martin Luther 
King, Jr. as a proper role model. 

In a simi lar action, but with a 
vastly different result, a San Fran-
cisco police chief was 
fm:d last year after he 

ordered copies of a free gay and lesbian 
newspaper to be picked up because it por-
trayed him with a police baton coming out of 
his zipper. 

from the Guardian that favored the pro-life viewpoint 
The inscn was notendlned by The UCSD Guardian and 

was placed as a paid advertisement Bit for the adherents of 
the pro-choice perspective, it seems the students of UCSD 
really do not have the fundamental riglt to choose their own 
opinions on the abortion question. Toting a large garbage 
bag, this group of students found every copy of the Guardian 
with the offensive literature and removed it, so that it would 
not corrupt the impressionable minds ofstudents lessenlight-
ened than ihemselves. In other words, these students have 
decided to have us live in a paternalistic society where one's 
neighbor decides what one should read. 

I fmd this action reprehensible and one that strikes at the 

':lIe fact that the police chief was fm:d 
seems to make sense to those at the university. 
He attempted to limit the free speech of 
another group. In other words, by censoring 
the views of other citizens, he destroyed the 
most fundamental and important foundation 
of democratic society. 

Why .. naIY 
c .... of free 

very heart offree speech. Instead of respond-
ingto theactualarticlesand ideas of the insert, 
this gang of ideological totalitarians thought 
it would be more eftkacious just to squelch 
the opinions of others. One wonders how 
well supported one's opinions are when it 
necessitates theremovalofrival ideas. Clearly, 
a well-reasoned response could dispel the 
illusions created by the insert if it was so bad. 
But this harder, more intel\ectua1 approach 
was eschewed in favor of more underhanded 
methods. 

But in the case of the students conflscat-
ing a school paper, there was no punishment 
At the university. it is normal procedure for 
certain politically correct viewpoints to be 
heard and those which are notP.C. to be tossed 
like flotsam and jetsam into a vast sea of 
intolerance. 

Why are many cases of free speech treated 
so differently? It seems the university has 
become the \east free place in America. We 
must ask ourselves what kind of society we 
really wish to be. And there are only two 
choices. We can be a society that accepts and 
respects free speech or a society that decides 

..... ch ........ 
- .. ,rwently? 
It ....... the 
unlvenlty .... 

~the 
.... freeplace 
In AIHrIca. We 
mustalk 
ourselves what 
kind of IOCIety 
we really willi 
lobe. 

We, of course, know what would happen 
if the positions were switched. If Planned 
Parenthood hadplacedan advertising supple-
ment that was later discovered to have been 
excised by a group of pro-life students, pre-
tests would follow, the WRC would surge 
back to life and the Hump would be overrun 
with those enraged at the threat to the First 
Amendment. And rightly so. 

In this case, we all Lnderstand that free 
speech has been limited. The ideal of a free 
society is much more clear in this instance, 
mainly because it is the p!"(.K:hoice perspec-
tive being limited. But this is another ex-

for our neighbor what he or she should say and believe. It is 
the perennial question of the free versus the paternalistic 
society. 

ample of how one point of view is privileged 
at the uni versity. 

In a free society. it is the right of the minority to try and 
convince and persuade the majority. In fact. this freedom to 
challenge represents the best in the free society and differen-
tiates America from the oppressive regime of a totalitarian 
Germany or communist Russia. 

One need not travel tofar-()ffPennsylvania, however, to 
discover instances where certain views are privileged by a 
paternal elite while others are accepted without protest. At 
UCSD we had a similar experience with a group of students 
showing cortemptfor free speech anddebate. Last Monday, 
May 3, a group of pro-choice students removed a paid insert 

In contrast. when one' s only response is that the insert (or 
any alternative viewpoint) is a throwbaclc to the dark ages, or 

See CHOICE, Page 5 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

eHOI CE: Free speech 
is a one-way street at UCSD 
Continued from pap 4 

COMrt&nARY: FIrst Lady Hillary Ointon's leading advisoly role in her husband's 
administration raises serious questions about her influence upon the presidency 

is anti-woman and anti·dlOice, but then fails to 
address the actual ideas on the status of the fetus, 
one is surely implicared as uninfonned or, at best, 
a lackadaisical defender of one's ideas. But to 
become the self-appointed defmer of the political 
truth and then to remove all rival opinions is 
disingenuous. Why not write into the Guardian 
and discuss what the manifest lies are, or use ooeof 
the alternative media to express one's ideas? 

WHO IS THE REAL PRESIDENT? 

Anyone who finds free speech an important 
bulwark of American liberty should find such 
actions as something not only reprehensible, but 
disgusting and even dangerous. It represents a 
bartxuic response to a legitimate attempt to per-
suade. Implicit in the pro-choice point of view is 
the right of women to decide whether the fetus is a 
life worthy of rights. The insert, for those who are 
pro-choice, must therefore represent a point of 
view quite legitimate for the mother to consider. 
But this is obviously not the case for the self-
appointed guardians of our moral sensibilities. 
Like that patriarchal San Francisco police chief, 
these ostensibly pro-<:hoice activists think that 
what they believe is what we should all believe. 

I..ast Monday, lcame up to the Guardian office 
to discover the group of students and their bag of 
expurgated pro-life inserts, interrogating the 
newspaper's advertising manager. The flurry of 
arguments justifying the paternalistic behavior of 
the students was terrifying. Itdisplayed little thought 
about the meaning of c.ensorship, the importance 
of freedom of ideas and the right of others to have 
different points of view. Not once were the actual 
arguments of the insert confronted or even men-
tioned The fact that it was pro-life, i.e. of adifferent 
political viewpoint, seemed enough to condemn it 

According to this elitist line of thought, the 
dumb, blind masses must be protected from perni-
cious ideas by their ideological betters. Who better 
to assume this burden than the campus "guardians" 
of choice? Whatever one's views on the abortion 
issue t he fact that a group of students at a university 
would be so close-minded and bigoted should be 
alarming. They should know benerifthey really do 
love freedom and are pro-choice. And if they don't, 
they should have at least eoough confidence in the 
rruth of their ideas and their fellow students to let us 
makeup our own minds. But for them itistoomuch 
to ask and their actions show that they want the 
paternalistic society over a free society. And this is 
the grimmest of all ironies for the pro-choice. 

The San Francisco police chief lost his job 
because he showed contempt for the Ftrst Amend-
ment. Unfortunately, at the university, we have 
come to accept the destruction of free speech as de 
liguew: More's the pity. because these little cen-
sors are the wave of the future. 

By RodetIck Lee 
Starr Writer 
Buy one. get one free . 

-Hillary Clinton 
Raise your hand if you voted for Bill Clinton. 

Okay, now raise your hand if you voted for 
Hillary Clinton. Gee, where'd all the hands 
go? 

Like it or not, a vote for Bill in November 
has become a vOle for Bill and Hillary after the 
inauguration. The team of Clinton and Clinton 
is pushing the envelope of constitutional law 
as they carry the White House in the fIrSt co-
presidency. 

Now there are many Americans, not just 
the militant feminists, who view this progres-
sion with qualified support or at worst, indif-
ference. And on the surface. why not? 

After all, an active fust lady is a good role 
model for young women and unlike our previ-
ous two examples, Mrs. Clinton was a suc-
cessful attorney before ever becoming a 
politician's wife. 

There 's more to this argument than just 
Mrs. Clinton's success outside of politics. 
Simply put, the name "Hillary Rodham 
Clinton" did not appear anywhere on 
November's ballot. 

The American people didn't vote for her. 
And neither did most of Bill Clinton's 43 
percent "mandate." Furthermore, anyone who 
voted against Clinton may wonder if 
November's results wouldbedifferent if Team 
Slick had been completely up front about how 
prominent a role Hillary would play in the new 
administration. 

Is it wrong for the president's wife to serve 
as an impromptu advisor? Of course nOl. Any 
spouse can help a partner's decision-making 
process. But this administrat ion is taking this 
idea one step fun her. 

Witness the Clinton Cabinet and other high-
level appointees. While State, Treasury and 
Defense went to long-time political personali-
ties, several other positions carry what one 
conservative columnist has derisively called 
"the stamp 'Hillary-approved.'" 

Secretary of Health and Human Services 
(HHS) Donna Shalala is a prime example. As 
a long- time friend of the first lady, Shalala was 
expected to place somewhere high in the new 
administration. 

But where did she end up? The last job 
Shalala held was chancellor of the University 

n. AInerIcan people 
didn't vote for .. ..., 
Clinton. And nellltw cId 
most of Bill CHnton'. 43 
percent " ......... " 
Fut II......., anyone who 
voted against C.doa may 
wonder If November's 
...... Its would be .rr.ent 
If Team SlIck had been 
completely up front about 
how IJI'OII*Ient a role 
IIlay would play In the 
new ... *lIstIation. 
of Wisconsin. Thankfully, she was not placed 
in her perceived strength, education, as her 
tenure there earned her the title "Queen of 
Political Correctness." But what is a univer-
sity chancellor doing as head of HHS? The 
best person for the job? Hardly. 

As an anorney, it is not surprising that the 
fust lady 's interests would be piqued in the 
field oflaw. If not forthe Anti-Nepotism Act, 
Hillary Clinton would be Anomey General. 
Nevertheless, her influence can be seen in this 
new Department of Justice. 

Bill Clinton's ftrst pick, ZOe Baird, was a 
long-time associate of Hillary, but not Bill. 
Hersimilarly ill-fated successor, Kirnba Wood, 
spent twice as much time interviewing with 
the farst lady than with the president. And the 
final pick, lanet Reno, is also believed to have 
the "Hillary stamp of approval." 

Some more nonsensical liberals would ar-

gue that Republicans and conservatives have 
been attacking the fIrSt lady because she is a 
strong, independent wife. This assertion is 
laughable. 

Consider some Washington history. Be-
fore America had heard of Slick Willie, there 
was (and still is) another power couple that the 
Beltway crowd keep its eye on: Mr. and Mrs. 
Robert Dole. 

For over a decade, Bob and Elizabeth Dole 
have held various high-level positions in Wash-
ington. While Bob Dole led the U.S. Senate 
from 1981-1986, and then continued on as 
minority leader after the Democrats regained 
control, Elizabeth Dole was a cabinet secre-
tary for both Presidents Reagan and Bush. 

TheCheneyswouldbeanotherGOPcouple 
to watch had Bush won re-election. Lynne 
Cheney was head of the National Endowment 
for the Humanities in the waning years of the 
Bush administration while her husband, Dick, 
headed the Pentagon. 

But there is a major difference between 
these two women and Mrs. Clinton, and it 's 
not just party affiliation. Unlike Mrs. Clinton, 
Dole and Cheney were both accountable. Ev-
ery government position held by both Eliza-
beth Dole and Lynne Cheney was an appoint-
ment that required confmnation by one or both 
houses of Congress. 

By contrast, Bill simply granted Hillary's 
request to head a health care task force. Con-
gressmen from both parties see this as a dan-
gerous development. 

To paraphrase one Democratic representa-
tive speaking anonymously, how can an indi-
vidual representative criticize Mrs. Clinton 
and risk alienating the president? 

When public support for Clinton's health 
care reform drops (and if Hillary's proposed 
22 percent value-added tax receives serious 
consideration, it will), is there anyway to fire 
Hillary from her post? And even if public 
opinion manages to oust her from the task 
force, there is no reasonable way to prevent her 
from continuing to advise the president from 
within the White House. 

What are you going to do'! Evict her from 
the White House altogether? 

Mrs. Clinton has become more than just 
another advisor to the president. She has be-
come a de facIO chief of staff that cannot be 
fired. It is difficult to believe that this is what 
the voters asked for in November. 

RUNNING THE ABORTION ADVERTISEMENT CROSSED THE LINE 
Editor: 

At first, I thought it was a mistake. 
Then, I gradually realized that the 
pro-life, anti-choice propaganda that 
was found in the Guardiall was not 
the product of some radical right-

, winger stuffing these inserts into your 
newspaper early in the morning be-
fore they were issued. When I real-
ized after reading the letter sent to you 
that th is was actually a decision made 
by those who control your paper. I 
was sickened, horrified and most of 
all, enraged. This is not an economic 
issue. however you may decide to 
pass it o·~. This is an issue of you as a 
theoretically objecti ve source of news, 
allowing. even acceprillg. such hor-
rific fonn~ of propaganda to even be 
associated wi th your name. 

I don't know what mdical reli-
gious right- '" inged fanatics you hid\! 
in your mid .. t th,1I make these leci-

'Iion~ . but th b time you have gone 
much too far. There I~ a large differ-
ence bet\\een accepting a small. 
square advenl,cmclll from fo,lmily 
Planning \\ith ,I "nail quote and a 
phone numnerallli prodllcingan t:ight-

page "educational" magazine that is 
inundated with lies and scare tactics. 
Did you even peruse this before al-
lowing it to print? 

I am a full-fledged advocate of 
freedom of the press, but I consider 
this equal to printing an advertise-
ment advocating the return of slavery 
or the repeal of women' s suffrage. In 
each case, this involves the taking 
away of someone's rights-and I'm 
saddened that you could support this. 
Any pride of UCSD that I might have 
had left after four years of continuous 
hypocrisy at this school was destroyed 
when I reJd this paper. Like it or not, 
you represent this school. and your 
decision to publish thi advel1isement 
is in direct contlict with all the ideal 
of an institution of higher learning. 
Shame on you! 

Erin J, Adams 

But What About 
Free Speech? 
Editor: 

Ul\t \ 'ee~ when I saw the ad\.:r· 
ti .\cll1ent ag.unst abortion In the 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian welcomes letters m:m #5 readers. 
We reserve the rigl!l 10 ed# for length and cJarfl)'. 
Send altletters /0: 

The Guardian 
OpinlOfl Ed#or 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
Ul Jolla. CA 92093{)316 

Gllardial/.I knew that I could expect 
to see a response against the paper's 
decision to include the insert ("Guard-
ian Must Make Amends For Abor-
tion Insert," Muy 10). The respon~e is 
much as I expected, discussing the 
irre"pollsibility and mIsjudgment of 
the GlIardian staff to pnnt something 
againslthe majoritarian belief oflh .. ,c 
elf.righteou people. furthl:rnlorc. 

these people demand that the GlIard-
ian make amends for this grave error. 

I suppose if this group were to 
have things the way they want. the 
GlIardian would only accept adver-
tising from groups supponed by the 
majority. It would be natural to as-
sume that if we were to move back in 
time. say just 50 years, when most 
Americans felt abQrtion was wrong. 
that if the GlIardian had ex isted back 
then. the paper should refuse adver-
tisement from Planned Parenthood 
and other proponents of abo rtion 
rights. Or even more ludicrous. let's 
assume the Guardian existed back in 
the 1700s when slavery was flourish-
ing and well-accepted. Should the 
GlIardian have refused advertisement 
from anti-slavery groups in order to 
avoid "gross errors of judgement?" 

I am in no way making an argu· 
ment for or against abortion. I am sure 
the people in this group finnly be-
lieve that abonion b a \t,.oman '\ nghr. 
but I'm sure the Jdvertlser. believe 
ju t II finnly th~t an unborn child ha~ 
the right to hve. Tfthis campu~ and the 
GlIardian are to ,trive to be mediums 

for free expression and ideas. then 
unpopular views should be allowed to 
be voiced. 

John Deacon 

Editor: 
How ironic that the so-called pro-

"choice" forces were angered by the 
Guardian's decision to include an 
anti-abortion insert. The in ert was 
not a right-wing political effort to ban 
abortion . It was simply an effort to 
educate those considering abortions. 
It was simply an effort to educate 
tho e considering abortions about the 
possible moral nnd emotional impli-
cationsofchoosingabortionandabout 
the alternatives of abortion. 

The students . igning their names 
to the letter clearly expose the true 
intentions of the pro-abortion move-
ment, They want to censor anything 
that might convince a woman not to 
have an abortion. They do not "tand 
for a woman's right to ma~e a fully 
informed choice. TIley simply \\ ant 
to 'lee to it that n.' man} abonion"1\ 
flO"'lble take pklce. 

d Va ner 



UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 

1/3 OFF ANY size unit with this ad 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 

uc!! SO 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 • 8182 MirInr 

HELP KIDS 
and 

EARN UNITSII 
T·R£G for YEP 111 and BE. A MlNTOR to an Individual elementary 

student in the San Diego community. TEP t 2 t consists of Held work In 
the elementary school. and lectures on campus that focus on Issues 
relating to the academic achievement of children. Call the Teacher 

Education Program at 534-1680 for Infonnation on T-Reg authorization 
for TEP t 21 ,Fall t 993. (Also offered in Winter 1994). 

ENROLL for TEP 121 
TODAYI 

presents: 

"Can We Afford National Health Care? 
Can We Afford Not to HaVLNationai 

Heath Care?" 
~ 

Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe 

Director, Public Citizen's Health Research Group 
and co-founder, with Ralph Nader, of Public Citizen, the nonprofit 

citizen research, lobbying and litigation organization 

The panelists: 

A Free Public Forum 
Friday. May 14. 1993, 7 p.m. 

Peterson Hall. Room '108 

Whoshouldpay? ... Whatshoulditcost? ... 
What level of care should we expect? 

Rclwd Kronick, PhD., member of President Clinton's health care task 
force, and professor, UCSD Department of Family and Preventive Medicine. 
RcIwd Butcher. MD., President. National Medical Association, and a 
physician in Southeast San Diego. 
PaU Sims, Deputy Director, Physical Health Services, San Diego County. 
Michael Stringer, Director, UCSD Medical Center 
Steve ~, Executive VICe President, California Medical Assoc. 

For more informationcal: 534-3400 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 • month with no 

contract, you can't get • 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
'wi1h Ihit ad, Ottor .xplr •• 5127193, 

• AEROBICS • LFECYClES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRIIASTERS • CLEAN All) SPACIOUS 
• NAUTllUS • PERSONAl INSTRUCTION 

,4 -.u FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalrernont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemont Squ .. Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483-9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

Fnt Mlit incftntives! 

LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE 
WINNER OF THE 1993 TONY AWARD! 

HALF PRICE 
STUDENT RUSH 

AT ALL 
PERFORMANCES! 

Children of Paradise: 
Shooting a Dream 

Written and Performed by 
Theatre dela Jaune Luna 

The Playhouse is del'lghted to present the 
west Coast premiere of an epic theatrical 
event based on the making of Marcel 
Came's landmark film Children of Paradse. "..,. ....... 109 

Half price student rush tickets available at all 
performances'to lull· time students presenting valid 
student 10. Rush tickets go on sale one hour prior to 
curtain and must be purchased in person at the box 
ollice. Umit: 2 rush tickets per valid student 10. 
'except May 16 evening and May 22 matinee. 

FOR MORE 
INFORMATION: 
(619) 55()'1010 '---' 

Mandell Weiss Center 

"BAD POLITICIANS ARE 
ELECTED BY GOOD PEOPLE 

WHO DON'T VOTE." 
William E. Simon 

Nominations are open for the 

1993-94 GRADUATE STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION OFFICERS 

Nominations will close on May 25th 
during the GSA Council Meeting 

Offices open for nomination include: 
PRESIDENT 

VICE-PRESIDENT INTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT EXTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT FINANCE 

Elections will be held during the May 25th meeting in the Student 
Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 6 p.m. 

All candidates will give a three minute speech. 
Job descriptions are available fr~m the GSA Office in the Student 

Center or call 534-6504 for further information. 

AU currently enrolled grad students are encouraged to participate. 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD: TELL 
YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TO VOTEI 

Thursday, May 13, 19911 

STAFF: The 
administration has 
taken the budget heat 
ContInI_ from pap 2 

'The department is taking novel ap-
proaches. such as recruiting volunteers. 
to keep up with its workload. For ex-
ample, two student volunteers are in-
specting the approximately 900 labora-
tory fume hoods on campus, Malter 
said. 

Other administrative and support 
services have also been ~Iashed to the 
bare minimum in the wake of budget 
cuts. As an example, Woods cited the 
accounting department, which is be-
hind by approximately 300 grant re-
ports owed to the federal goveminenl 

The Student' Affairs Department, 
with between 700 and I,(XX) employ-
ees, faces cuts to service because of the 
budget, according to Assistant Vice 
OlanceUor of Undergraduate Affairs 
A.W. Russ. 

Russ sai~ the past budget cuts have 
been absorbed within Student Affairs 
without affecting student services, but 
that may change next year. 'There have 
been no complaints [about bad service] 
as far as I know," he said 

Russ approximated that so far this 
year, about two Student Affairs em-
ployees have been laid off, andahout 12 
people have opted for early retirement 
or quit. 

In addition, each aml of the Student 
Affairs office has suffered a five per-
cent budget cut. 

According to Russ, Student Affairs 
has already streamlined and will have 
diffICulty cutting further without dr0p-
ping services. "Our top priority is con-
tinuing services, but you can only 
squeeze so much blood out of atwnip," 
he said. 

While Russ said layoffs have been 
discussed if next year's budget is heavily 
cut, he added that budget predictions 
are just speculation at this point, and 
Slaff members should not worry about 
being fll'ed. 

Rumors of staff layoffs have been 
circulating throughout UCSD and, 
coupled with a state-mandated five per-
cent pay cuI, have demoralized many 
staff members. 

According to Assistant Vice Cban-
cellorofPersonneI Quelda Wilson,staff 
members have shown remarkable dedi-

, cation to UCSD despite budget pr0b-
lems and falling morale. 

"Employees understand that what's 
happening in the university is because 
the state is not willing to give a suffi-
cient budget [0 the university," she said. 

Malter agreed, saying that EHS 
employees have a "positive attitude. 
We know there are going to be a few 
years of cuts. When the cuts end, we can 
pick up Ldownsized services]." 

The cuts are taking their toll on 
personnel, however. Wilson predicted 
that not enough employees will opt for 
earlyretirementorothervoluntaryleave 
programs, meaning some layoffs are 
likely. 

No cuts are cenain, though, since a 
final stale budget has not been pr0-
duced The only certaiJty next year is 
that "there will be no relief from the 
work Students and [hospital] patients 
have to have services, grounds have to 
be kept, payroll has to be done ... ," 
Wilson said. 

The UCSD Guardia NEWS 7 

STATE Of 

All nine UC campuses face drastic cuts in de-
partments, loss of faculty to early retirement, 
and the eliminatWn of hundreds of courses 

UCReport 
A sampling of the budget cuts at five 
different UC campuses 

- .' 4'--

' . I, ..• ~, 
. t j' , 

uc IIeIkeIey.: 
While there are still rumors that the "flag-
ship· campus will be spared the brunt of the 
budget cuts, administrators are planning for 
at least $31 million in cuts. They have 
recommended the elimination of the whole 

first.year Spanish program, the "Master of Arts" prograffi and 
over 335 courses and sections. 

uc DavIs: 
~f Davis administrative planning program, 
, Phase III, will spare the biological, agricu~ 

tural and environmental science depart-
ments. The Geography Department is a 

l1li .. 1 target for elimination, as well as a VICe 
Chancellor position. There will be drastic cuts in funding to the 
athletic department, possibly up to 100 percent. 

uc Rlveillde: 
The Riverside Physical Education Depart· 
ment is expected to lose up to twothirds of 
its 199~94 budget. UCR's Registration Fee 
Committee in charge of the budget has 
recommended that most campus services 

and departments take a 5 percent cut. 

uc ..... B&baa: 
UCSB expects to lose a total of 33 faculty 
members and 88 staffers to early retire-
ment. The biological sciences department 
will be the hardest hit, including the elimina-
tion of specialized courses al~ with the 

professors who teach them. 

UCs.lblCnlz: 
Santa Cruz administrators plan to eliminate 
$11 million from the campus ~. No 
faculty will be laid off, but a number of 
teaching positions and several graduate 
teaching assistant posts will be eliminated. 

~a.w 

EVENTS: The goal is to retain quality of 
progranuning despite deep budget cuts 
ContInued from pace 3 
what they decide to approve," he said. '1 will actually be asking for quite a 
bit more than I got last year. I'm going to push really hard using the logic that 
I will try to make a 101 of money on some of the shows." 

This year's A.S. Programming budget was cut $16,000 from last year. 
Earnest said that once the budget is settlcd on, there is not much he can do 
except try to fmd other SOW'CeS of funding. 

"Once [the budget is] done, it's done. There's not much I can do except 
try to raise revenue. We can't do much about it during the year," he said. 
''One thing we are trying to do to improve the programming budget is 
creating a new position that will be a 'sponsorship director.' That person 
would be in charge of getting sponsors for every event possible, from MrV 
to Taco BeU to Ralphs." 

"I don't know if it wiU work, but we're going 10 try it I know the inrer-
fraternity system has used it with a lot of success. If you look at their evens, 
they get a large amourx of money in advertising," he added. 

Although he couldn't specify how much J110ney he would request for 
next year, Earnest said he expects ID face resistence. "I am not going to get 
everything that I ask for [from the A.S. Council]," he said. 

By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD has not been alone in its 
battles with the budget 

After three years of cuts, all nine UC 
campuseshavebeenfortedtodowmcale 
and eliminate depaI1ments, reduce the 
nwnber of professors, cut hundreds of 
courses and layoff hundreds of staff 
employees. 

Campus administrators are prepar-
ing to absorb a 9 ID 12 pm:enI cut in 
funding for the next academic year, in 
anticipation ofatle&1a$1 38 mi\lion cut 
in state funding 10 the university sySlelTl. 

According to UCOfficeofthePresi-
dent Spokesman Mike Lassiter, the im-
pact ofthe3-year budget crunch wiU last 
far beyond the next year. 

"[I's very difficult to be cut this 
much .. . it will be devastating over a 
long period of time," he said. 

How each campus deals with spe-
cific cuts has been left to the local 
adminstrations, and all nine have taken 
different routes to solve the latest crisis. 

UCBelblay 
UC Berkeley is facing at least a $31 

million cut, which Vice01ancellor John 
Heilbron has warned would "ruin" the 
UC system's oldest campus. 

Heilbron has said that UC Berkeley 
is appealing 10 the UC Office of the 
President for leniency in the budget cuts 
because of Berkeley's reputation as the 
"flagship" campus. 

"We want to tell the public precisely 
what is at stake and what these cuts 
could mean to their lives and the lives of 
their children and grandchildren," said 
OJancellor Cbang-Lin Tien. 

8elteley plans to eliminate over 
335 courses and sections. including all 
Molecular and Ceu Biology sections 
and all fust-year Spanish classes. The 
planned cuts will affect over 9,000 un-
dergraduale students. 

Under the current proposal, gradu-
ate student admissions to the Theatre 
and Fine Arts programs will be tempo-
rarily suspended and the "Master of 
Arts" program may be tenninaled. 

Additionally,over250facuhymem-
bers are expected to take advantage of 
the early retirement program and fac-
Ulty who remain will be asked to take a 
25 percent greater teaching load. 

"We are already in a situation where 
people are,just to cover courses, volun-
teering to teach more than they would 
have had to," said Economics Professor 
Richard Sutch. 

UCDBvls 
Administrators at UC Davis, brac-

ing for cuts up to 12 percent, or approxi-
mately $17 million, have planned to 
eliminate the Geography Departmert, 
cut all funding for intercollegiate athlet-
ics, eliminale the Vice 0Iance1klr of 
Facilities, phase out the Division of 
Educalion and merge sevenJ other de-
partmenIS. 

"People have been in denial; today it 
becomes real. Every single student, staff 
and faculty is going to feel the effects of 
the budget cut," said UC Davis Associ-
ated Students President Seth Merewitz. 

The budget plan, called Phase m. 
also rccommeoded that the School of 
Veterinary Medicine and the Medical 
school merge basic science courses and 
the UC Davis School of Law will l:Je ' . 
asked ID irtegrare is teaching effms 
more fully with that of wxbgniduaIe 
and graduate p-ograms. 

Mostcampusshutdcservices would 
be eliminaled, campus mail would be 
scaIcd back drastically and Physical 
Plant Services would do only major 
repairs, according to the Phase m re-
port. 

ThePhysicai EducationDcpartmeJIt 
is also expcctcd to undcrgocuts over40 
percm, and may be phased outoverthe 
next three years. 

Many within the wliversity are criti-
cal of the proposals, however, such as 
the Men's Baskdball Coach Bob Will-
iams. 

"You have 10 evalUllle who's on the 
committee. II obviously is not a com-
mittee that undersIands the value of 
athletics and apprcciarcls what alhletics 
[do] for the university," he said. 

UC ......... 
UC Santa Barbara has been cut al-

most $18 million since 1990-91, ac-
cording to UCSB Assistam Otance\lor 
for Budget and Planning Bob Kwltz. 
Over 250 faculty and staff have already 
opted for early retirement as part of the 
UC system-wide Voluntary Early Re-
tirement Incentive Program (VERIP). 
This year, UCSB expects to Iioee 11\ 
additional 33 faculty and 88 saaIf mem-
bers 10 the program. which was initialed 
to entice employees to take early retire-
ment as a cost-saving mea5W'e. 

UCSB's Biological Sciences De-
partment will be hardest hit, with seVGI 
anticipated faculty letUtillel'llS. MIlly 
of their specialized COUl'Sei and pr0-
grams will be eliminated as the profes-
sors leave. 

In addition, the An History program 
has had to eliminate fJeId trips to muse-
ums and the Black Studies program will 
be expected to accommodate more stu-
dents in fewer classes. 

Phone services, photocopying privi-
leges and support staff for many faculty 
members have also been cut. 

--ErIn Alday, JuIe AtI*I-
Henry Lee ~ the UC .... .., 

Daly CaMJI,.a., KIm! YOIHno, 
Marc ElwIn ... Rachel 

WtItbi9Mn dthe UC DaM caIbOI....,., Come ChIIIW 
Tracy Welle ....... Fr8IIer fJI 

the UCS8 OIly NeIruet MInd 
.,. .. , ........ ... 

Ln T ..... ~the UCR 
"". ........ PGIyIk fJI 

tile UCSC CIy an." 
canbIIIIIIId to tIIII ........ 



8 NEWS 

REPORT: 
Budget cuts threaten 
departments, faculty 
ContInued from pace 1 
is aImost 90 pen:c:nt faculty salaries," 
Cltod<row said. 

In addition. the task force recom-
mended that courses with low enroU-
ments either be consolidated <r elimi-
nated 

In the engineering departments, 
where "most everyone is having a wait-
and-see attitude .. about the budget, ac-
cording to a spokesperson f<r the dean 's 
office, a high percertage of temporary 
faculty could be eliminated from the 

program, meaning that more tenured 
faculty will be reaching more classes. 

Wdh a nine pm:ert cut; the depart-
ments would also lose a large pOOion of 
their support staff. 

The Computer Science Fngineer-
ing (CSE) and EIccIricaI and Com-
puterFngineering(ECE)~ 
f<r example, face the possibility of 
losing nearly a quarter of their support 
staff. 

The Division of NaIUral Sciclus, 
which includes Biology, CbemisIry, 
MaIhemaIics and Physics, finds iIself in 
a similar situation. 

Accading to Anderson, these de-
partmenIS may lose most of their tem-
p<nI)' faculty. Furthermore, they may 
have to assess new lab breakage fees to 
fund !abocatOl)' classes. 

There is also the poosibility !hal a 
few lab classes may not be offered and 
that some enrollment restrictions may 
be initialed, Anderson said. 

"Atthat level, I think it'sstuffwecan 
live with, as long as it's temporary. No 
one knows if it's temporary <r not, and 
that's very stressfuI," he said. 

"What wonies me is if we go be-
yond that level, because we don't have 
much flexibility," Anderson added, 
pointing out !hal there are pans of the 
natural sciences budget that cannot be 

The UCSD Guardian 

cut. 
LiIce adler academic divisions, the 

ArtsandHwnanitiesDepartments, such 
as History. Literature, Philosophy, 
Music, Theatre and Visual 'Arts. may 
face the elimination of their temporary 
facuk)'. 

In the Hisaory Departmenl. for ex-
ample, there could be staff layoffs, a 
decrease in services provided and re-
strictions on photocopying and audi0-
visual services in order to ~ the 
budgetary shortfall. 

"All of that would, of course, resu1t 
in feo.w:r courses," Banstein said. 

If these cuts continue and more fac-
ulty leave, administrators aOO faculty 
will have to take steps to streamline the 
depanmeOl 

"At some point, we may have to talk 
about limiting enrolbnent," Bernstein 
said. 

The task force report spcculales that 
the Division of Social Sciences. which 
coruinsanwnberofsmaIlclepartrnents, 
may not be able to sustain large cuts 
without shutting down. Among the de-
partments that will be hardest hit in 
wom-casescenariosareEcooomicsand 
Psychology. 

''We've been told to expect the cuts 
will get worse," said Psychology De-
partment Management Service Officer 

PabiciaHarp. She added that the depart-
ment has been increasing class sizes 
"ever 8m [there have] been signs of 
bUdget cuts. 

"We are trying to minimize the im-
pact on students, but realistically, there 
is going to be some effect, .. Harp said. 

Economics Department Manage-
ment Services OffICer Deborah Bailey 
said the departmenI is still discussing 
variousbudget-~uction proposals, and 
no budget cuts have been finalized yet 
Like the other academic departments. 
Economics has been given possible 
percaugestocutoutoftheirbudget for 
the next year. 
. "We're free, of coone, to do some-
thing else providcdwecome upwiththe 
same doIIars." Bailey said. 

ArnongthepossibiOOesf<rnexlyear, 
the Economics Department may re-
ceive less money to hire temporary 
faculty and might also have to cut bock 
on eIective courses, according to BaiIey. 

He added that courses which would 
nonnaIIy be oft'cm1 every year may 
now be scheduled f<r every other year. 

Although the task force report states 
that the Economics Depmtment may 
have to close its Quantitative Economic 
DecisionScience(QEDS)major.Bailey 
said thai the department is not consider-
ingeliminatingtheprogram unlessfaccd 

(We did. Costa Verde Center.) 
[!] osta Verde Center has all of the 
things you need to make college life a 
little easier. With convenient services, 
shops and great restaurants all in one 
location. Since Costa Verde Center is 
conveniently located in the Golden 
Triangle, you can stop by and never 
have to miss a class ( Bummer! ) 
Catch a qUick ...--,.----.------,;--..----, 
bite. to eat 
at Subway, 
La Salsa or 
McDonald's. 
Or enjoy a 
leisurely capuccino at Java House. 
Shop for munchies at Big Bear or 
pick-up that hard to find geology book 
at Bookstar. There's no need to drive 
all over town. Discover Costa Verde 
center. And never have to pay a 
ransom for convenience again. 

s~ 
Big Bear 

.• ~ 
Aesop's Tables 
AI/ie's 
Chang 
Java House 
La Salsa 
McDonald's 
Pizza Nova COMING SOON 
Soup c.Kchange 
Subway Sandwiches 

5 PECIAL TV SHOPS 
~ 

Blockbuster Videolt!tlyttlQl" 
1300kstar 
Busybody 
Viva Flowers <1 Gifts 
Dow StereoN;deo 

Paper Trends 
Pier' Imports 

FASHION STORES 
~ 

A Nite On The Town 
Distinctions 'I[,ISI']A411 
Gingiss F ormalwear 
Men's Wearhouse 

SERVICES 
~ 

Computerized Cobbler 
Costa Verde Car Wash 
Costa Verde Dentistry 1~!'b"!Ull 
FOK Photo 
HomeF ed Bank 
Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center 
La Jol/a Cleaners 
The Classical c.ye 
United Airlines City Ticket Office 
U.S. Postal Store 
We Care Hair 

; : COSTA VERDE 
At The Corner Of Gene.ee • La Jolla Village Drive. Free Convenient Underground Garage Parking. 458·9270 

Thunlday, May 13, 1993 

with direcircumstances. such as the loss 
of the program 's faculty tootherinstitu-
lions. Only then would the departmelt 
even begin to discuss eliminating the 
QEDS major. Bailey said 

......... fII .... m .... 
Even if the economy turns around, 

the UC system may not see any relief. 
According to Olodorow, 85 pen:ent of 
the state budget is formulaic, meaning 
that the Legislature automalicaUy all0-
cates money to certain areas without 
debate. 

The University of California is not 
included in that 85 perce ... Because the 
state budget continues to shrink, the uc 
system wiD fmel itself in the same dire 
straits. 

Anderson said that in order fa' the 
university to recover, state legislators 
will have to rethink their priorities, I 
prospect he finds troubling. 

"Who can predict what a bunch of 
politicians are going to do?" Anderson 
asked 

ForBailey,thecutsthatUCSDcould 
face in the next year should send a clear 
message to the state Legislature. 

"We want Sacramento to know that 
education should be one of the highest 
priorities. It's not even on the list any-
more," she said. 

BRINK.:UCSD 
struggles to maintain 
its accessibility 
ContInued from page 2 

Bowker speculated that. if cooti-
tions get any worse, incoming fresIunan 
enrollment might soon fall victim to the 
budget crisis as well. "If the regots 
approve another fee increase. then I 
don't know what will happen .... 

For some students. financial aid is 
theonlything keeping their heads above 
water. Tom Rutter of Student Fmancia! 
Services said there was " 00 doult" that 
the steady increase in demand forfman-
cia! aid is a direct result of the skyrock-
eting fees. 

Ruttersaidthattheamountofmoney 
processed by his office has steadily 
increased since 1990. Next year. the 
amOWlt is expected to rise by nearly 18 
percent AccordingtoRutter,themoney 
for student financial aid comes from 
four main sources: the university. the 
state. the federal government and the 
banIcs. 

"'The increase in dollar amount is a 
good indicat<r of the need for financial 
aid," he said. 

Rutter also said the increase is in-
dicative of the state's budget crisis. 

'"There's a double whammy going 
on," said Rutter. referring to the increas-
ing cost of education and the decreasing 
opportunity for employment. 

However. Rutter added, the overall 
family income of UCSD students is 
increasing. Although this is encourag-
ing for families trying to get back on 
their feet. it sometimes causes an eligi-
bility problem for students. Families 
who have increased spending aJongwith 
increased income still have a need for 
fmancial assistance. but are no longer 
eligible. he said. 

He added that, overall, there is still 
enough fU18ncial aid f<r every student. 

"We have enough money 10 meet 
the increased cost [of tuition]," he said. 
"If [students] qualify [fortinancial aid]. 
that eligibility wiD be met" 

Nonetheless, Rudder conceded that 
not every type of aid is appealing. The 
money set aside for grants. which is the 
most sought-after type of aid, falls $16 
millionshortrlmeeting students' need\. 
Therefore, this amoult must be covered 
by toar.. which many students fllld 
undesirable. 

See BRINK, page 10 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • MAY 13, 1 993 

"White Men Can'f' 
LaIo AIca'az 

PIIoIo COII1IISy 01 Don Hayes 

"Adios HoIywood" 
Gloria WHCOtt 

"Kr 
Rudy Martinez 

AITERTHE 
III 

Grave Galkry exhibit 
features political 

serigraphs from LA. 
C A RE UDELL 

Stuff Writer 

lthough the second ver-
dict of the Rodney King 
case seems to have dis-
sipated some of the ra-
cial tension in Los An-
geles, the consequences 
of the first verdict still 

resonate through out many com-
munities around the country. Like 
most violent events in history, the 
Rodney King incide~thas sparked 
considerable reaction from artists, 
especially in Los Angeles. 

Twenty-one serigraph prints 
from Self Help Graphics 
ScreenprintAtelier Program, a stu-
dio art program founded by a 
Franciscan nun, are on display at 
the Grove Gallery to mark the one-
year anniversary of the L.A. riots. 
A serigraph print is a color print 
made by silk-screening. 

See ART, pap H4 

LIVING COLOUR ALBUM REVIEW: D2 UNDERGROUND THEATRE PREVIEW: us 



H1A11JS 2 The UCSD Guardian 

SHARON WIIl1AM TOM 
STONE BALDWlN BERENGER 

, 

, 

" 

... ;' 
~ . - ~ 

YOU LIKE TO WATCH DON'T YOU 

SLIVE:R 
Paramouni Piciures,......Roben Evans"... Sharon Siont' William Baldwin Tom Berenger SLIVER Marlin Landau 

~Howard Sh'lff ";:TIm Selion ,..:William J. Macdonald ~Richard Francis-Bruce rt\:Paul Sylben 
':=Vilmos Zsi~d.m = Howard W. Koch Jr, .. Joe Esztl'rhas ,,::~ Ira Levin ; Joo Eszierhas ~Roben Evans 

IiOlI~ORa_~ .w...aI.IJ\ ..... Ph'II' N ..-rr. IRI ~ "':"1 \ .... lIAUt&IC.~TIII.'lQ,'\iJC\S!l11Ll ~ I Ip oyet AP.,...Ir-.itlli ... Cooopuy ... ~ ....... ~_. f'G 2l- II[U)1Mt: I" T'-'I PM. ... ,..,..O'*.., '--""-Ul .... ........ w. I .. 
UI)[\S I-'IUU\\. \1 \l :! I~( \T TIll': \Tla:S 1-:\ I]n" 1I1]~[ 
r---- ----------------, 

i TANS$~ i 

Thunday, May 13,1993 

Uving Colour 
Stain 

IpIolleca ..... 

After the success of the album 
Time's Up, LivingColourcouldhave 
easily put out another release filled 
with variations of "GIamour Boys" 
and "Solace of You" and sold ample 
copies. 

Instead, it parted with the original 
bassist who wanted ~ 
band to move in a more 
jazzy , Latin direction , 
picked up new kid Doug 
Wimbish and recQrded a 
harsh, incendiary album 
that probably will not sell 
as well as a poJH>riented 
recording. Stain. the 
band's latest release, nevertheless 
brings rock toa previously uncharted 
level of experimentation. 

Vernon Reid, the guitarist who 
gets the award for "guitar style most 
commonly associated with pyrotech-
nics," develops a method to his mad-
ness in the band's third major re-
lease. While it seemed that solos on 
such songs as " Cult of Personality" 
were complete chaos, the fretwork 
on Stain is best described as con-
trolled chaos. Reid uses his guitar as 
a chord cruncher, a percussive in-
strument and a sound-effect genera-
tor, sometimes within the same tune. 
Consequently, he harnesses a grav-
elly sound as a legitimate musical 
element in his songs with great suc-
cess. 

Stain is not easy listening. The 
only moment when the aural assault 

lets up is on the beautiful "Nothing-
ness," where Reid employs his ex-
pert manipulation of sonic textures 
and sustained harmonies. There are 
a few tracks that are radio-playable, 
including a song entitled "Bi" about, 
you guessed it, bisexuality. Living 

Colour gets points for 
mentioning a subject that 
no one sings about in the 
hard rock world, but the 
lyrics don't go much be-
yond saying that bisexu-
als like both men and 
women - not a major 
revelation. The band is 

more eloquent when it rails against 
apathy and intolerance. 

Overall , Stain 's stan-and-stop 
rbythmsand itsbanage oflow, growl-
ing guitar riffs make it a hard album 
to even bang one ' s head to, let alone 
dance. As on past releases, the band 
demonstrates its strong songwriting 
abilities on this album. 

Living Colourgenerally starts off 
with a standard rock song idea and, 
through either gUilt or sophistica-
tion, makes it unrecognizable with 
far-out tangents and codas. Singer 
Corey Gloverand the boys produced 
an album that they want you to lis ten 
to. 

Even though Stain may be too 
much for the general public to take, 
it will no doubt leave an impression 
on future rock musicians. 

~5now 

I • One for you, one for a friend : 
: 130 Tan Days ~g991 I 
I Wolff 6ed5 • Facial T a1'IeI'5 I 
t .~~~& j 
'------- ---------------
------------------------, ( LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 

II Guaranteed ... $48 ~ I lost inches. and my jeans : 
European Body Wrap fif now. It ·s definitely worth itl " I I - Mindy. San Diego Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 

I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I GOLDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla I'to Lama Hillcre:et I 

a 
told 
you? 

A friend? ... 
Your sister? .. . 
A co-worker? .. .. 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for SrDs and 
HI", or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring en vironment. 

I PERFECT TAN" 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 
3251 Holiday Ct. . I'aclflC &each' Mission Valll:y' State Col.' I I acr~5 5treet from EI Torlto 581-9060 542-0391 697-0014 
~~:~----~~~~~~~~~~-------~ 

GAY & LESBIAN THEMES IN 
~ LATINO THEATRE cff! 

presented by , 
THE DEPARTMENT OF THEATRE 

Fall Quarter 1993 
THEATREIHS 101: Code #179588 

(Upper Division Standing Only) 

Instructor: Professor Jorge Huerta 
This course will explore the portrayal of gay, lesbian, and bisexual 

characters and themes in plays by Latino playwrights. Playwrights will 
include Cherrie Moraga, Guillenno Reyes, Edgar Poma, Estela Portillo, 

Amparo Garcia, Eduardo Machado. Edwin Sanchez and others. 

Mature subject matter: viewer dllcretlon adviled! 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231~11BI 
When you care 
about your health 
': •. word gets around. 

Planned ParenthlDd 
If III 11111 c •• .., 

HIATUS 3 

TODRY 
The UCSD Jazz Combos, 
led by Jimmy Cheatham, will 
perfonnoriginal scores andjau 
classics at 8 p.m. in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets are $3 for 
students. Info: 534-5404. 

Dada and GIn Blossoms 
play at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach at 9 p.m. Admis-
sion is free, lineups begin at 7 
p.m . Info: 481-8140. 

AIadcIn, featuring the voice of 
Robin Williams, plays in the 
Price Center Theatre at 6:30, 9 
and II :30 p.m . Tickets for stu-
dents are $2, $1 in advance. 

fRIDRY 
New Jersey speed metal band 
Anthrax plays at Iguana' s in 
Tijuana. The concert begins at 8 
p.m. Tickets are $17.50. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

A faculty performance of 
FeIdman'.~Sym­
metrles" will be held at 8 p.m. 
in Studio A in Warren Lecture 
Hall. Tickets for students are 
$3. Info: 534-3229. 

SRTURDAY 
Guest musicians from Gennany 

perfonn 20th century music in a 
Dannstadteonc.tat8 p.m. 
in Mandeville Auditorium. Tick-
ets for students are $5. Info: 534-
3229. 

An ...... Baaplays with special 
guest G .... at Dream Street in 
Ocean Beach. Tickets are $8. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

SUIDRY 
PiIvUdd Nykter, Warren 
Gref, J.osIIw K .... scIn-
ski and Mauko ........ 
perfonn selections from Duw, 
Lutoslawski, Ligetti and Brahms 
at 8 p.m. in Erickson Hall. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-3229. 

T.V.'. Black Comedy AI-
St... ...... , a high-energy com-
edy showcase, comes to the San 
Diego Concourse Civic Theatre. 
Tickets are $18.50 in advance, 
$21 on the day of the show. Info: 
236-6500. 

MOIDRY 
Beer and bebop are the focus of 
the evening at Porter' s Pub as 
the weekly Free Jazz J ... 
continues from 8-11 p.m. Info: 

The UCSD Guardian 

UP COM IIG 

587-4828. 

TU[SDRY 
JIpch/ and SIdnIe .. NItIht. 
two Japanese films, show in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 7:30 
and 9:30p.m. as part of the inter-
national Style Film Festival. 
Tickets for students are $4. Info: 
534-0497. 

W[DIESDRY 
Pent Ubu,BonecIubandOr-
anautan play at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach at9p.m. 
Tickets are $8.50. Info: 481 -
8140. 

THERTER 
409 Stucio Theatre: The 
Festival of New Plays brings 
five new works written and pro-
duced by undergraduate stu-
dents. Running through May 
16, the plays include "Happy 
Hour," "Untitled," "T.l. 
Carlsbad," "L.A.P.c." and "An 

Image of Justice." Perfonnances 
will be on a rotating schedule 
Wednesday and Thursday at 8 
p.m., Friday at 8 and 11 p.m., 
Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m. and Sun-
day at 2 p.m. A festival pass costs 
$5. Info: 534-3793. 
M.ndeII W ... Forum: This 
year' s undergraduate production 
entitled "Ellen Universe loins the 
Band," is a multi-cultural play 
which runs from May 19-23. Per-
formancesonWednesdayandFri-
day will be at 8 p.m. Info: 534-
4574. 

Bl8ckfrtars Theatre: "The 
Unseen Hand," by Sam Shepard, 
runs through May 23 at the Hahn 
Cosmopolitan Theatre in the 
Gaslamp District. The play con-
cerns three bandits brought back 
to life by a friendly space creature. 
Shows are Thursdays and Fridays 
at 8 p.m ., Saturdays at 2 p.m. and 
8 p.m . and Sundays at 2 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $10-13. 
Info: 234-9853. 

GALLERIES 
M ........ of PhoIopaphic 
Arts: "AorGarduiio: Witnesses 
of Time" is an exhibition of 100 
black and white photographs of 

Thunday, May 13,1993 

native peoples from places such 
as Mexico, Peru and Guatemala. 
The museum is open daily from 
IO a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is 
$3. Info: 239-5262. 

MI ..... oIContemponry 
Art: "La Frontera!Ibe Border: 
Art about the Mexico/United 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in painting, sculpture. pho-
tography. installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541. 

~G.llry:"Conrad 
Atkinson: Selected Works" fea-
tures the work of the British artist 
who combines politics and popu-
larculture. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sun-
day. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2860. 

Grove G.lnTo "Verdict L.A.," 
an exhibition featuring artists' re-
actions to and expressions con-
ceming the riots in Los Angeles 
and last year's Rodney King ver-
dict will run through June 5. Gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through 
Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and 
Saturday from IO a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Spanish VlllpG •• ry 21: 
"Photography from a Woman's 
PointofView" opensMay I 5 and 
runs through May 30. There will 
be a reception for the artists May 
16 from noon to 4 p.m. Gallery 
hours are II a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. 
Info: 579-0954. 

~JICGMA CCIEIIT .A.S"£.J~SI> PR.ESE:N'TS 
DERBY DAYS BARBEQUE 

Spend this Friday between 11·2 on the 
Price Center Walkway hanging out with friends, 

and listening to the ·music of 
Jammin Z·90, while enjoying 

A Johnny Rockets Original Hamburger 
a Can of Soda 

a free 32 Oz. Derby Days Mug 
and a sample of O'Doul's 

for only 
$5.00 

100% of the proceeds will go towards 
The Children's Miracle Network and the 

UCSD Early Childhood Education Center 

Coast Distributing 
Company 

reminds you to 

DruNK REsPONSffiLY 

The Sun God Festival 
lVIay 21, 

Celebration begins" 
; ...... . 

Game & Food Booths 
Live Entertainment 

Gyroscope 
Velcro Wall 
Concert at 7:30 - Featuring: 
The Blues Traveler 

The Gin Blossoms 
Blacksmith Union 

(don't forget to bring your student ID) 
_PC»Z1_c»:re.d. by: 

•. SI\T~N,. . 
ONe AM PUS ICRA 



mATIJS" The UCSD Guardian 

/Dl#r¢ 
!Jfome of tlie 'WorUs 

:Finest (jourmet Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near BooKstar) 

• Monday· Thursday 6 am·11 pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sunday 8 am·11 pm r-------, 

:FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I When you buy one or eq~1 IX s~:lter value. ~ 

One per CUSlDrT'la". Exp. 5117193 

-------

OPPOSE THE BUDGET 
CUTS! SAVE THE FUTURE OF 

COME TO THE_ ... 

EDUCATION 
CRISIS CARNIVAL 

Did you know that ... 
• The Legislature is talking about a $400 
million cut to the UC Budget! 
• The $995 fee increase approved by the Regents 
could only just be the beginning if these cuts go 
through! 
• If the Governor does not sign off on a % 1/2 
sales tax increase (SB48) the University may 
need to shut down for a quarter. 
WRITE A LETTER TO YOUR GOVERNOR 

AND LEGISLATORS, EXCHANGE 
LETTERS FOR FOOD, PRIZES, & GAMES! 

Let your elected ot1icials know how you feel about the 
proposed budget cuts! Write to •• Pete Wilson: 1350 
Front 5t. #6 Fir. #6054 San Diego, CA, 92101. If you 
can't make it to the Carnival, stop by EDNA to pick up 
sample letter and to find adresses your legislators. 

LETTERS DO MAKE A 
DIFFERENCE!!! 

IF YOUR INTERESTED IN GETTING MORE INVOLVED, 
OR WANT MORE INFORMATION CALLA.s. EXTERNAL 
AFFAIRS S34-44!O 

ThUl'llday, May 13, 1993 

o.,~ 

"Nina Heroe" 
AnnMdo Norte 

ART: American 
dream criticized 
ContInued from ..... HI 

The show, titled "Verdict L.A.: 
Recent Serigraphs from Self-Help," 
includes artwork dealing with the 
issues related to last year's verdict 
and the tumultuous evems that fol-
lowed. Although the main focus is 
on the aftennath of the verdicts, 
some artists depict other groups of 
discriminate<ipeopleamidst oppres-
sive surroundings. 

The exhibit strongly criticizes 
the idealism of American values. 
"Stay Tuned," by Pat Gomez, of-
fers a cynical look at the media and 
its hegemonic influences on the pub-
lic. The print consists of multiple 
TV screens which overlap a photo-
graph of debris after the LA riots. 
A short narrative accompanies the 
work, explaining how violence es-
calated and spread throughout the 
city. Gomez emphasizes that while 
one might physically leave Los An-
geles, mental escape is impossible 
because of irrepressible memories. 

In addition to preseming com-
mon themes. the pieces use similar 
colors and techniques. LikeGomez' 
piece, many of the works utilize 
bright shades of red. orange and 
purple. The exhibit contains many 
photographic representations and 
periodical clippings. 

An untitled print by Patssi Valdez 
uses a compilation of black and 
white photos of various urban land-
scapes and groups of people. Large 
stencilled letters reading "LA" over-
lap each other on one side of the 
print while the letters "TJ" appear 
on the other side. representing the 
perpetual division between the two 
cities, countries and cultures, 

Racial and ethnic gaps such as 
those between Chicano and Ameri-
can culture are the main focus of 
this exhibit. Although the Rodney 
King verdict and the subsequent 
LA uprising prompted an explo-
sion of ethnic tensions, these artists 
emphasize how discrimination ex-
ists everywhere. Many of the artists 
use apocalyptic imagery, such as 
skulls and destructive fire mixed 
with patriotic symbolism like the 
Statue of Liberty and the dollar bill, 
to portray the ironic contrast be-
tween freedom and oppression. 
Each of the artists provides a cyni-
cal view of the United States and its 
tyrannical control over under-rep-
resented groups. 1beir paintings il-
luminate the failures of the Ameri-
can dream. 

"Verdict LA" is on exhibit at 
the Grove Gallery through June 13. 
There will be an artists' reception 
Friday, June 4 at the gallery from 
6:30 to 8 p.m. The Grove Gallery is 
open from 10 a.m. to S p.rn. Tues-
day through Friday and from 10 
am. to 2 p.m. on Saturday. Admis-
sion is free. For more infonnation, 
call 534-2021. 

Thursday. May 13, 1993 

Undergraund! 
experiInents with 

Heiner Miiller 
Troupe s performance in Mandeville 

will be its last on campus 
MELISSA. }A.COBS 

Staff Writer 

W hen Ivan Talijancic composed of UCSD students, per-came to UCSD two fonns approximately three shows a yearsago,hewasfrus- year. Its current production , 
trated by the lack of " HAM LET MAC H I N E / 

opportunity for under- MEDEAMATERIAL : 
graduate theater projects. THOOm explosion of memories" He decided to create his Ul opens tomorrow for a 
own organization called R(YI~ three-night run in 
Undergraund! Theatre IIil M~~~:i~e!...~i!~~, 
and what started as a n/'UVu....ellVII'\"'. ""'14 
simple student organiza- MEDEAMA TERIAL" is 
tion is now a small theater com- a short play by contemporary Ger-
pany. The group, which is primaril~ See THEATRE, page H6 

HOTHOUSE FLOWERS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

SUGAR 

8.99 CD 5.99 CS 

QUICKSAND 

Quicksand 
1 .• 1'\.1 s I , P 

~}-
\ 

l\lWH\ \UC\lQ\lS \ ~\\li\l 

SEBADOH 

SEBADOH 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

THE CRANBERRIES 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

MIND BOMB 

mmd bomb : 

The UCSD Guardian 

PJ HARVEY 
PJHAMY 

ItO 01 MI 
IH(luon Wl fl OUUMf 1C) 00 Ml 

....o..."."w, 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

VELOCITY GIRL 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

THE TRASH CAN SINATRAS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 8.99 CD 5.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
~tC OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! SALEENDS5I311V3 

lDWiR RitURns \ ~\Uin 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
.L CA.lON SPORTS AR.NA 
711_ P"",- (OPEN 'OAM TO '_1 310' SjIont __ . I40S EI Cojon _ . 

_ ....................... (.'.)22..,333 
_ .. __ St. (I") 222·ms 

------(llt) 571-.70' 

_lellll __ _ 

_ .... ......... (.,,) 217·'420 
_ .................... (111) 287·liDI 

Start 
with a 
Great 
Perm 

Volume, bounce, 
curl, energy and 
motion ... 

Short 
Shoulder 
length 
Spirals 

HlATIJS 5 

82495 
83895 
S3915-S5915 

we c.a,.. hair® 
WHERE YOU ALWAYS GET SOMETHING MORE 

COSTA VERDE CENTER, 8750 GENESEE 
(behind Soup Exchange) 587-Cun 

IS1 OFFisl OFF TFREEi E.:' 
1 1 1 Sbampoo will 1 RETAil CENTER 
: We' CUi: Wei CUi: =r:.. S8 : Paul :~11811 
1 """_ .... .,-""'" 1 """_ ... ""_ ....... 1 """""" .... ""_ ....... 1 Redun .. _ ... ---- _........... _........... . ..... L ~.EJp. w~ L ~ EJp.S'l~ -1_-=:!.::!~If3.--J-____ .. 

1007 Gamet Avenue • Pacific Beach San Diego. 273-6209 



HIATUS 6 

f • 

The UCSD Guardian 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
Choose from two sessions: 
June 28·June 30 or 
August 2·September 3. 
An exdling range of courses from 
vimdly every campus deportment 
win be offered. Catalogs are 

ava~able now. For your free copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, 
UCSD Extension Complex, Building 
A, Monday through Friday, 
8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., or phone 
S34-4364. 

Save 10% on our 
. vacation 8110ts. 

Daytona Beach it ain't. But stopping at Shurgard on 
your way home this summer is a lot more fun than hauling 
your bundt cake pans and limegreen Barcalounger all over 
the country and back. Plus with the 10 percent student 
discount, you get to see for yourself how higher mathematics 
can indeed be applied to real life situations. 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

Thunday, May 13,1993 

THEATRE: 
Director Ivan 
Talijancic plans 
to graduate 
ConIInu.d from ..... H5 
man playwright Heiner Muller. 
More than 40 people have collabo-
rated on the multi·media event 
which is the theater group's contri-
bution to the annual Spring Cel-
ebration of the Arts. 

Talijancic chose the three plays 
that will be perfonned because he 
feels Muller is "a voice that de-
serves to be heard." 

During a recent interview, he 
said that Muller is not concerned 
with focusing on single images in 
the plays but instead feels that it is 
more important that the audience 
understand the overall idea. The 
plays use a "synthetic fragment 
style" and the dialogue tends to be 
rather elusive_ 

The first vignette, "HAMLET-
MAClflNE," depicts how political 
systems all seem to be flawed de-
spite their claims to the contrary. 
TIle way the media is used as a 
political tool is another theme which 
Talijancic said is relevant in today' s 
world. He also felt that the piece 
was not pedantic. 

"Heartpiece" is a shon play 
which shows the difficulty of com-
municatinginoursociety. Talijancic 
said the play, which is only minutes 
in length, provides a link between 
the two longer plays . 

The final piece, "MEDEAMA-
TERlAL" is based on Eurpides' 
Greek tragedy about Medea, a 
woman who is blinded by love but 
later realizes her fate and seeks re-
venge on the man who betrayed and 
used her. Talijancic said he felt the 
play offers a reflection of how far 
women must go to attain power. 

This presentation wi1\ be the last 
one for Undergraund! Theatre at 
UCSD, as Talijancic will be gradu-
ating in June and plans to pursue a 
master's degree in directing at C0-
lumbia University in New York. 
He said that his creation 
Undergraund! Theatre, wiU follow 
him to New York ifhe goes. 

When asked what intrigues him 
about th!: theater, Talijancic said, 
"The theater is an opponunity to 
perform live for people and to have 
a very intimate contact between the 
audience and the performers. 

"[My role] is creating the world 
of the play or sense of experience 
for people who see the show and 
aUowing them to make their own 
impressions from it." 

"HAMLETMACHINE/ 
MEDEAMA 1ERIAL: explosion of 
memories" will be performed Fri-
day through Sunday at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. Admis-
sion is free. 

Now accepting 
applications 

or new editors. 
caU 

534-6580 
forrrwre 

information 

Thursday, May 13. 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

No\\' at Nordstrom, 
nubucks for just fifty bucks. 

The buck stops here. From Nunn Bush, 'Portland ' oxfords with 
brown oiled nubuck leather uppers, orthotic insoles and rubber lug 

outsoles, sizes 7-12,13m; 49.95. University Towne Centre and 
North County Fair, in Men's Shoes. 

HlATUS 7 



HlAnJS 8 The UCSD Guardian Thu1'8day, May 13, 1993 

how your 
~arentsyou 

i n'tsleep 
through Econ. 
Int · ucing 

the 
ra uate 

Finance Plan. 

Okay, so maybe you did noel off once or twice. But, hey, that an accredited two or four year school, you're eligible •. 
doesn't mean you can't redeem yourself. Just make up your mind between our new Jetta"" the first 

Take our College Graduate Finance Plan: for instance. H lets affordable Gennan road car. 
you finance a car even if you have no established credit. Or the new Golf 11/' The best selling car in the world. And both 

And It gives you three or four different payment schedules to are now available at special lease rates. 
_ ..... 500,..'_far........... .....,.._ .......... few".durlng_, mom ~ 

If you're about to graduate or have recently graduated from and dad will be none the wiser. . T . 

·AdriMlteNdbyVWCrdt~. The most loved cars in the wortd. ~ • ~ 
CARLSBAD ELCAJON ENCINITAS ESCONDIDO NA nONAL CITY POWAY SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO 
Bob Baker EaatCounty Hem\In Cool! Mumy South a.y PowIy City'. Mission Comes Metro 
VoIksw8gen VoIkswIgen '(oIkswIIgen Volkswagen VoIkswlgel1 VoItIWlgell Illy VoIksw8gen Moton VoIIIJMgIn 
55OOPa_ 464WtIt 1435 Encinitas 1600 Auto Parll 3131 National 13e56Pow1y 2205 MoreN 9010 Miramar 1954 Kettner 
DttNorte MaIn Street Bou .... rd W.,South City Blvd. RoId Boulevard Road BouIevanI 
1818) 438-2200 (818) 422·0811 (818) 753·8258 (818) 745·8841 (818) 338·4020 1818) 4811·0720 (818) 278·8171 1818) 578-8800 (819) 234·3ee1 

Need a Job? 
Paid positions are available at the UCSD Guardian. 

Applications dqe tomorrow. 

©1993 \\:lIkswagen 

The Guardian is now accepting applications for editorial positions for the '93-'94 academic year. Positions open 
are: Managing, Copy, News, Associate News (2), Opinion, Sports, Associate Sports, Hiatus, Graphics, Associate 
Graphics, Photo, Associate Photo and Design. Submit a resume, cover letter and clips to the Guardian office, 
second floor of the old Student Center above the General Store. CaJl534-6580 formore information. 

THE UCSD 
GUARDIAN 

Thursday, May 13. L993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

EAC Finds Evidence in Siwabessy Case 'Inconclusive' 
A.S. COUNCIL: Student 
Action Now! slate cleared 
of wrongdoing in election 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Associated Students Elec-
tion Administrative Committee 
(EAC) refused to rule on Randolph 
Siwabessy's eligibility to have run 
for and to hold the office of A.S. 
President. calling the testimony in 
Monday's hearing "inconclusive." 
However.the EAC cleared the mem-
bers of Siwabessy's election slate, 
"Student Action Now!." of any 
wrongdoing in connection with his 
alleged violations. 

The EAC sent back to the Judi-
cial Board two charges filed by 
Revelle College senior and former 
presidential candidate D.A. 
Bartolotta. who claims that Siwbessy 
is ineligible for office because he is 
not a student this quarter. The elec-
tions committee decided that 
Bartolotta's charges are alleged vio-
lations of the A.S , Constitution, over 
which the it does not have jurisdic-

tion. 
The A.S. Constitution and its 

election by-laws require candidates 
and A.S. office holders to be cur-
rently registered students in good 
standing with the university. 

A weekearlier, theludicial Board 
deferred all of Bartolotta's charges 
against Siwabessy to the EAC. rul-
ing that "this case is not within our 
jurisdiction" because it involves 
election by-laws. 

In a related case heard behind 
closed doors. the Judicial Board 
ruled against Si wabessy last 
Wednesday. finding that he was in-
eligible to run for office in the April 
election because he was not in good 
standing with the university. 

Siwabessy's appeal of this rul-
ing will be heard by the Judicial 
Board at 2 p.m. today in the Price 
Center Cove. 

TheJ udicial Board agreed to hear 
the first case. based on grievances 
filed by Elections Manager Beth 
Gesson, instead of deferring it to the 
EAC because at the time board 
members were under the impres-

sion that the EAC was no longer in 
existence because the election pe-
riod had ended. 

The question which remains af-
ter both hearings is whether to fill 
the office of president by holding a 
new election or by moving up Vice 
Presiden't Administrative Carla 
Tesak. as required by the A.S. 
Constution if the president is re-
moved or resigns. Bartolotta is ask-
ing for a run-off election. However. 
election results may be invalidated 
only if a motion is submitted to the 
Judicial Board within five days of 
the election. 

During the EAC hearing on 
Monday. Bartolotta focused his case 
on a letter submitted by Siwabessy 
to the Guardian in which he stated, 
"I will not be able to pay my fees for 
this Spring Quarter, .. this means 1 
am unable to hold my official post 
as ASUCSD President because 1 am 
not officially a student." 

In ~e letter. published April 26, 
Siwabessy also says "although I had 
written checks to the Cashier's Of-
fice to pay for my fees, l was forced 

en 
en 

• ,...... 

en 
en 

• 
~ 
,... 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 

lnWB\ \\itn\\nS \ ",nin 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
ELca .. ON 
7911 F_ P"",- coPEN' .... TO ..... , 

--~-(II') 571·.10' 
SPORTS ARlNA 31101 Spoo1a __ . 

_ .. " .............. " ... 1'1.)22_ 
_ .. _31<0""" 51. ("') 222·7775 

COLUQI ARIA --a;I-
&lOS !I C«jon -. 
_le""a __ 
_ .... " ....... (tI.)2I7. 'UQ 
_ .............. .. .... (111) 217· 1134 

to cancel them after realizing that I 
would not be able to cover them." 

Bartolotta accused Siwabessy of 
"a great amount of fraud to cover 
[his ineligibility J," and noted that 
Siwabessyadmittedearlierthisquar-
ter that he knowingly violated the 
A.S. Constitution Winter Quarter 
by continuing to hold the office of 
Vice President Administrative al-
though he was not a registered stu-
dent. 

In his defense, Siwabessy ar-
gued that, according to an official 
transcript obtained that afternoon, 
he is currently enrolled in two 
classes. If he is not a registered 
student. he said. he would have been 
dropped from those classes April 9. 
according to the deadlines published 
on the Schedule of Classes. 

"Randolph Siwabessy has al-

ways been a student this entirequar-
ter at UCSD," said Commissioner 
of Student Advocacy Matthew Win-
ter. Siwabessy's representative in 
the hearing. Winter also moved un-
successfully to have thecharges dis-
missed because they were not filed 
in time, 

Siwabessy said that he has paid 
his fees, that he has not yet cancelled 
his payment to the university and 
that in the letter to the Guardian he 
said he had cancelled his checks 
because "that was my plan at the 
time." 

Afterthe hearing. Siwabessy told 
the Guardian that although he is 
enrolled in two classes. he has not 
attended them this quarter, does not 
plan to attend them and will try to 
have the professors assign him "In-
complete" grades. 

ERRATA 
In the May 10 edition of the Guardian, in the anicle entitled uuca Case Dismissed by 
Court." it was incorrectly reported that Graduate Student Association (GSA) President 
Pa1rick Carroll said that UCB case was in violation oftheir Ufourth amendment rights." 
Ii should have read "first amendment rights," The Guardian regrets the error. 

What Hangs Four 
and Loves Wax? 

Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball, 
blondes, and 
convertibles . 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they're 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cassette 
that ' ll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment. low monthly payment. first -time buyer, and 
college grad programs. they're easily affordable. Test ' 
drive one today at San Diego 's European AUIO Center 
and register to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.* 

Seethe 
All New 
Jetta", 
Today! 

Special 
VWLow 
Payment 

Plan I 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile West of 1-15 



10 NEWS 

CONTAO LENSES 
WITH 

EXAMINATION 
AND 

FOLLOW UP ~ 
$90/$180 

DAIlY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 
APPlIES TO SOFT, 

NON-ASTIGMATIC ONLY 

GAS PERMEABLE, TINTED, 
ASTIGMATIC & DISPOSABLE PKG 

2O'A.Off 
~ 
DELMAR 

OPTOMETRIC CUNIC 
DR. GREGORY GRAHAM 

Call 755-5484 
1349 Camino Del Mar 
2 Miles North on 101 

UCSD Alumni 
Cinnot tit (ombintd with l5~ntd Il"IWf¥ICt 

L ...... 
~rli. 
''7'': ..:r:'.:~~onre·lIri·cticn' II>Ility.1 

-.. ...." bo 1OQlJftd. 
' ................ 

Council Travel 
Open Wen., Tues., Thurs., Fri. 9-5 

Wed., 10-5, Set. 10-2 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
......... AdY ........ 114-34 .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Learn While You Earnl 
Financial Planner 
• Analyze PerSOl1lI Financial Portfolios 
• Prepare and Present Investment Plans 
• Paid Training 
• Salary - Bonuses - Commission 
• Comprehensive Benefits . 
• PosItIvt;Relaxed BUsiness Environment 
• Previous Phone Experience Helpful 
• B.S. Required In BUSiness or Related Aeld 
• Part TIme Assistant Positions Available 

Contact Sharlene at 
(619) 481-0275 (Days) or 
(619) 484-5717 (Evenings) 

Western Financial Plannlnl 
Orange County & San Diego 

P.O. Box 986 • Solana Beach, CA 92075 

Thunday. May 13, 1993 

BRINK: Cuts 
and fee hikes have 
hurt accessibility 
ContInued from .... 8 

'The iB:rease in the indeblcdness ~ 
a big probIem." he said. 

"Some people opt to wort. raIhcr 
than graduare in debI," agreed Student 
AffinnaIiveActionConunittce(SAAC) 
0l8ir Emelyn Delapefta. 'The way the 
job market is, people start defaulting OIl 
their loans after they graduate." 

However. she said, holding a job to 
help pay for tuition ''works against stu-
dents"because the more astudcntcams, 
the less aid that student receives. 

According to DeIapena. this pr0b-
lem is compounded by the fact that 
financially disOOvanraged srudents load 
up on classes to graduate as quicldy as 
possible. This results in "academic suf-
fering" and lower grade point averages 
for poorer students. 

The problem is particularly crucial 
for ethnic minority students because 
''mOSlsrudentsofcolorareself-suppcrt-
ing," she said 

According to Rutter, a larger per-
centage of affmnative action studc:m 
rely on financial aid than non-aff'mna-
tive action students. 

"It was a pretty hefty [feel increase, 
especially for people who come from 
low-income families," Delapena said. 

Despite this, Bowker said that there 
was "abnost an across-the-board in-
crease" in minority enrollment 

However. DirectorofStudcnt Affrr-
mative Action and Human Relations 
(SAA&HR) Dawn Valencia maintains 
that minority enrollment has been in a 
decline as a result of the fee increases. 

"It really depends on how you look 
at the numbers," she said "We can both 
look at the same numbers and get differ-
ent answers." 

As an example, she cited QUcano 
enrollmentoverthe pastdecade. In 1982, 
there were 76 new Cllicano freshmen. 
In 1992, that number was up to 190. But 
in 1990, right before the fee increases 
were implemented, there was a peak of 
241 0Iican0 stude.vs. There has been a 
"steady decline" ever since, she said. 

"I don 't think it's a coincidence thai 
during this one year, these groups de-
clined, " she said. "I don't see that as an 
overall growth trend" 

Starkey agreed that accesSibilty for 
students of color is in "grave danger." 

"I think [the fee increases 1 can't help 
but hit minorities harder," he said Next 
fall will be a good indication of how 
minority enrollment is being affected. 
he added. 

STAFF 
EdIar I , . 

Fransisco DeVries 

.... 
Fransisco DeVries 

Philip Michaels 
&ic Sclunidt 
KarenOleng 
Dan Krauss 
Jeff Niesel 

Gregg Wrenn 

D .... 
Miguel 8uckcnmeyer 

.............. 

Rene Bruckner 
Roger-KIlO 

Miguel Buckenmeyer 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 

ARf 

lIT 
'QIe Envelope 
Please .•• 

There are good sports movies 
(Hoosiers. Chariots if Fire. The Narural) 
and then there are bad sports movies. 
Really bad. The six nominees for the 
Guardian Moldy Gym Shorts Award for 
Worst Sports Movie are: 

Caddyshack 1/ - Starring Jackie 
Mason, the long-awaited sequel to the 
1980 hit was the biggest bomb of 1988. 
And you thought Chicken Soup was bad. 
Even Dan Aykroyd was terrible in this 
movie. No truth to the rumor that 
Caddyshack 1/ was the fll'St movie ever to 
hit video stores within 24 hours after big-
screen release; it was closer to 48. 

KaraJe KUlIll- The script was 
ridiculous. The acting was ridiculous. 
Ralph Macchio is ridiculous. There are 
whispers around Hollywood that 
Macchio is actually older than his co-star, 
the ftftysomething Pat Morita. In the next 
sequel, Daniel LaRussa (Macchio) will 
fight QUICk Norris to see who can win 
the most ludicrous karate fight of all time. 
Wax Of\, wax off ... 

No HoItls BtIIT'td - As an actor, 
Hulk Hogan makes a pretty good 
wrestler. Video stores won't can)' this 
title because it scares too many custom-
ers away. Even wrestling fans like Phil 
Michaels hate this film. Stay away from 
this movie - it can kill you. 

Over the Top - The fll'St of three 
Sylvester Stallone projects to make the 
final cut, this landmark 1987 release was 
the first (and hopefully last) movie about 
a down-on-his-luck arm wrestler and the 
little boy who loved him. This movie is 
supposed to make you Stand up and 
cheer. Instead, it makes you stand up and 
impale your neighbor with an icepick. 
Stallone has no soul. 

Rocky lll- When Clubber Lang 
(Mr. n invites Rocky's wife Adrian 
(Talia Shire) for a night with "a real 
man," the viewer feels a sudden urge to 
vomit The fight scenes are unintention-
ally hilarious: uppercuts that lift a fighter 
a foot off the canvas, heads snapped back 
by punches that miss by at least two feel 
This movie made stars of Mr. T and Hulk 
Hogan. For this reason alone, Rocky lfl 
should be boycooed by every sane 
person in America. 

Rocky W - Superhuman Soviet 
fighter [van Drago (Dolph Lundgren), 
cold and heartless, savagely murders 
fonner champ Apollo Creed (Carl . 
WeaJhers). Of course, Rocky avenges 
Apollo's death, then gives a moving 
speech about peace to the hostile 
Moscow crowd as Mikhail Gorbachev 

, applauds. This movie has no redeeming 
qualities whatsoever. A must-miss. 

And the winner is: 
Over tJu Top - Watching close-ups 

of Sylvester StlIlone' s contorted face for 
nearly two hours is more than anyone can 
stomach. The Supreme Court has ruled 
that watching Over the Top as a form of 
execution is cruel and unusual punish-
ment and is therefore unconstitutional. 
Over the Top makes Faces of Death 
seem like a feel good summer hit Don't 
burn your copy of Over the Top, because 
the fumes are toxic and harmful to the 
envirorunent A large mallet will suffice. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 . 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 

Robyn Inaba beat MIT's Valerie Tan,6-2, &3, but couldn't overcome Gustavus Adolphus' Heidi Roetbere, 1000ng 6-2, 6-0. 

Gustie Effort Beats UCSD 
WOMEN'S lENNIS: Tritons lose to 
Gustavus Adolphus in second round 
By BnIe Secel 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD's women's tennis team was 
bounced from the hunt for the NCAA Di vision III 
Championship yesterday. falling to third-seeded 
Gustavus Adolphus, 6-3. 1be Tritons advanced to 

face the Golden Gusties 
after handling MIT, 9-0 
on Tuesday. 

Gustavus took the 
top two singles matches 
against UCSO, with 
Heidi Rostberg defeat-
ing number-one Triton 
Robyn Inaba, 6-2, 6-0. 
Gustavus' number-two 
player, Bridget 
Ferguson. defeated her 
UCSO counterpart, 
Diane Chandler, 6-7, 6-
3,6-1. 

Carla Nicolas, UCSD's number-three, gave 
UCSD a hard-fought win with a 1-6. 7-5, 7-6 
decision over Molly McCormick. Triton Birdie 
Gessford lost at the number-four position, 6-1, 6-
I, to Tracy &ickson. while Y umi Takemotopiclced 
up another victory far UCSD with a 6-4, 4-6, 6-0 
effort over Kendall Larson. 

Heather Williams rounded out the singles 
matches for the Tritons with a 64, 7-6 win over 
Linnea Carlson. 

The doubles matches were dominated by 
Gustavus Adolphus, with the Gusties taking all 
three. The nwnber-one team of Rostberg and 

)8lI0II RItdIIe/~ 
CerIa Nicolas beat both Gustavus and MIT. 
Erickson edged ucsO's InabalMiki Kurolcawa 
tandem, 7-5,7-5. 

The number-two Tritons, Gessford and 
Takemoto, were also n8lTOw losers, falling 6-4. 7-
5 to the Gusties' McCromick/Ferguson duo. At 
number-three, UCSD's Williams/Chandler team 
couldn't keep up with Carlson and Dawn Parmley, . 
64,6-3. 

UCSD (13-6) had better luck OIl Tuesday when 
itfacedchallengerMassachusettsInstitute oITcch-
nology (13-6), and won all singles and doubles 
matches with a 9-0 victory sweep in a matter of 
five hours and twenty minutes. 

UCSD's number-one player, Inaba. beat top 
See W. TENNIS, Page 15 

1be Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
WATER8KIIfe All-American 
Duane Gee Jed the Tritons at the 

NCWSA All-Stars Cbampionship 
last weekend. ..... 11 

VOI.1EYBALI.: Women's 
volleyball Head Coach Doug 

Darmevik was named head coach 
of the men's team. ,...14 

The Headline Matchup: Women'. water polo at the USA Water Polo CoIeg1ate NatIonal ChampIonIhIpa, FtIday&nIay, uc DavIs. 
Other Games: Track and field hosts the CCAA championships, Saturday, Spanos track. Women's tennis at the NCAA Championships, today through Monday. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do,au _.,,_ ~ PubIIc? ... cal 
511·71,1. (,/4-tI3) 

INJUR£O?C ...... miaMd?........, ....... ?eom· 
penutlon lor your In ........... ell .. ~ • .,.,. 
riee. _I wee-. m_ ....... Cal IN Iew_ 
01 Spencer IIuoby end AuociaI •• 1 213·1000. (..-
'''5113) 

'FIroI ChrioIIM "-"P Chur!:II' _ doNIicn 
01 .. _III help IN rwadr and _ PIdI ..... llalora-tng. __ grand plano. __ • 
_._.., ............ CaI:_O"'P ..... 
(II') 2116-1212. (511-6'3) 

",.._~ .. bea_onF..., • ..., ,. 
1n • ...-.at8crQll_c.w.AII~ 
.-. .. irMIIcIl 8 p.m.·'2 Lm. $porw«ad ~ 
ICAA. (518-5113) 

HILPI 1_.., ~eII on UCSO 
.-wllG ...... __ b .,..1101,." a.dt. John 
534-7901. (5110-5113) 

NEWSlETTER EDITOR WANTED lor INTERNA-
TIONAlHOUSE ,.,...,c.r-SanriceaJabIl1l8. 
ApPicali ... '*'" 5117. (5110-5113) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323· 
Fairmair's ...................... 222·0220 
Jennifer J's Beach Wear .... 551 ·1 004 
La Sandale .................. .488-1134 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza ................... .. 455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452·0524 
Yakimono .................... .452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Aul0 ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695·1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ...... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Dearinger's ................ .. .454-1000 
Young Attitudes ... ........ .457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560·0325 
Primo Hair Salon .......... 455·0046 
Salon De Noie .............. 483·2512 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Bei ng Fit ..................... .. 483-9294 
Family Planning ...... ...... 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .................... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452-7374 
Vision Care .. ................. 578·6796 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
TraveUe(s Depol ...... .... 483-142) 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1000 
MCAT Review ............. .456-4848 
Princeton Review ... ...... 695-9952 

UCSDJOBS 
New Car Dealers .......... 296-3175 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (LJ Marriott) 
.. ................ ................... 587·1414 

Volleybar & Grill ....... ... .. 270-7860 

UCSD ETC. 
51. Germatn·s .. ....... .... ... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 13, 1993 

~ASSIFIEDS 
~ "*' and __ agoo 18 ... 45_ old.,. 
.- 10 par1IclpaIa In a UCSO _ CenIer 
tIUIIy ............. _ 01 _ on IN ay_ 
_ • . C .. 543-24114 lor __ (5113) 

WANTED. ~paai1ion.~.maIurI 
-""'11-wIIh"-- will giva Iooing ... 
10 your home and pall. 0uIaC. non-arnoIdng. _ . 
Minimum ona mon\h. II«·,OSO_. 9 p.m. piMM. 
(5113-e13) 

WANTEO : 2 _10 Grat ..... DaId lat V_. Sal. 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guanlian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thw-sdayfor Monday's 
issue, and3pm. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reservestherightto refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caJI534-54 1 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'()316. Actual address: Student.Center A, top j/oQr. 

FOR SALE 
SCOOTER: , __ EllIe 'SO. IooIIaIr .... good. 
$7SO or beat. 480-1"7. (4128-5120) 
_ lor _ . Spring's liar • . w_s _I 
Good _for~: 8'2". ''8'' . ro-... 552-0920. (51 
3-5127) 

CANNONOALE 5ecm. "spd rold bike. ,05 groupo 
(.xcept Hube· new UHagrl 600) + BB (UN·71 
canridga). _ new Mavic MMO 32 _ rirN. 
1325.00. Todd. 558-1821 . (513·51171 

EDUCATION CII8I CAllNlVAl IhIo Thurlday 11 
Lm.-3 p.m. m IN s..n God. Find OUIwt.I's going on" 
Sac:r..-..-I _ you can do -.. it. (51'0-5113) 

eo-oz. pitcIwra. Pool. ShuIIIaboMI. 0... Your fav«. 
ito 1pOIII. A __ ..... Graa1_ -..on. F .. 
bar. SpaciallIor UCSD _" San Diogo's oNy 
~"""'''''and''' ... ThoV·Elarleor..rol 
a..nd ond Cau St in "-tile IINchl (5113-5120) 

Tho ~ 01 ... c.bMI Ecumorical d ~. 
~ ar.- 00rUaz wi! opoak ..... 1IIIng flO 
~ ond .. NIIgIcuo paropac:tiIIe In c.-. Friday 51 
,. at 7 p.m .• (poIucI<" 6 p.m.) ..... ~ CIucII 01 
CIwiot.~_"".~ __ SporwcncI~_ 
COUnoIoICIuthM. USA. ond P-. .......... (~3) 
,...,au ........ _1_ ................... . 
-...,. ...... _""""!ErvoIln_oI 

~. TIoIC 10; cane coda ,11274; 2 uniII; IIW 3-
3:50. (~3) 

T-.g 11 San L.rJt CbIpo Mow 21-Z1 ___ ... 3 
_11_ il"-l111_ C111467215. (5'I36ZJ) 
You'l"\llg" I\. The V...,.,. and GriW. .. s... Diego's oNy 

~ ....... bar ond griI. ONdond Cau. St 
•• ~~ "£ p :(. 1 

EMPLOYMENT 
~ INSTRUCTOfIII. Earn $'2-$14 p.tv. 
DoIIun Swimming '--<>no. Flex hcufI. all ..... cal 
Greg. (6,9) 491-4837. ('119-51'7) 

ALASKA~R !IIPlOVMENT·I_. Earn 
S6OO._ in cannoriaoOf $4.ooo./rnonth on lishing 
boaIs. FrM 1ranspor!alionl Room & _, _ or 
__ For employ..- program call 1·206-545-
4155 .... A5976. (513-5120) 

FINANCIAl PLAHHEIISASSISTAHT· PIT Summer 
jell opc>ortunitie8. CIien1 Scr--ong • no saleo or 
appnt. letting. S6-9Ihour guarantMd. paid lraining & 
bonuaes. Flexible shifts, Sun-. ThutS 6-9 p.m. Phone 
uperienc. h.'p'u!. WESTERN FINANCIAL 
PLANNING. ContaC1 Sharl.ne or SUlan daysl 
avar-ingI ~I-0275 Of leaV8 messago 4&4·5717. (51 
10-5120) 
__ La __ ShorN. hiring Ici1chan1count ... 
help. $5-MIour. No Illporlence -.ary. FI .. ibIe 
hours. Kevin. '54-8038. (5110-5113) 

Sales help wantad. Children's cIoIhing store in ~ 
Jolla. Pacific Beach. Call 459-48n. (5I,3-5I1n 

FornaJe AIh_ - WI want you on our \eaml ...... 
good monty. go on 'oura. promolionl."'. Bac:oma. 
Pur. PlatInum 'Foxy Box .... • Contact Pizazz Int'!. 
T......, Agency. Ernie 278-9969. (5113-61') 

OJ _ . ~ and Ubrory • ITIJII·_ 
EnIat1ainmanI NIghk:Iub. Pizzazz 1nI1 T IIant ~ 
278-_. (511:H11) 

POSTAl JOlla AVALABl£1 Many paoltIona. Gtaal 
_. Call 1-1100-438-4385 ext. P-3387. (5113-51 
24) 

GROUND FLOOR OPPORTUNITY. local........." 
__ al ___ peopleloc:.llon_U 

accounII . Sal ~r own hcufI and MmingI. ~ 
gr-" ~ wI1h I0Il01 palon1iaJ. ~. (51 
13) 

David PhaIographar1. Inc. II.-hlrlnglor_ 
~ng ochocI..-I lui_during IN IIUmIrlefIW • .,. 
IookInglor -oatIc phoIDgraphers and ..... people 
10 -" ... local "*"" patI\. No axpIfianca II 

~1"""caI 228-3900 ext. 22~ ~ 

SERVICES 
Do ~ .-an on<ampua Notary Public? .... cal 
587-7111 . (!140M) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I 0rIy $5.95. WlliIa,au_. 
x.o.. andmor • . He.- St. Genna\n' • . 4$2· .... 9. (1 1 
19-613) 

VIaII~ ~ You or your chiId(-) can 
-"Iroman ___ .~,-,*.Now 
acc.pdng _-.. agoo and __ I 
Call CoIYed. __ . (3129-&'3) 

_Iy~d ~done1W"'do..,1iza job. any lype 01 job. I wiN also do odting ~ _ or 
WW11ed. Call Carol ~1_ .. enings. (411-f13) 
lash tint. ,-. wuing. ocne lr._. H9-t 
qullity products. Parv""" 's s'"""-•. 552·,,7 • • 
10% 011_ ad. (41'2·51'31 

TERM PAPERSI THESIS I RESUMES I Don1 waste 
money & time at do-i!'yourMi1 cent ..... RELAX. let 
UI do your ward-pr ..... irG. haH IN coot. halt the 
llmel FrM JIIdwp. _.ry. (619) 292-8444 (24 hrs.) 
('I19-f13) 

Word ProcauingfTyping: Aeadamlc: manuacripll. paporI._ . _ .Ia ...... ~Ar:t:utU/ 
Fast _ . Mary Arm '52-9439. (518-f13) 

WORD PROCESSIHG. Any type or Size jell. ClIIaiity 
wriling and adIIIng. lMor printout. K8Ihy. '5-4-8,67. 
(516-613) 

GUARAHTEI!D"'" Two studlln! dubo _lor 
Iall projac:1. Your group GUARANTEED .t Ie •• t 
$400.00. _ Cd BEFORE END OF TERMll·800-
9:12-0528. Ext. 99. (51'0-5117) 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventati"e, and Cosmetic Services 

II.d.",d, jritlld(, .ruMp/h·IY • .tIC'lIlWr .4/>A. CIJA. SIX:DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PRO~'ESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DIl, Sum 2103 
Tap Fluur. filII btbi"d tlJi Elcpbnm Bnr 

The Hanuman FOIlI/dation 

".k.n. Ri(h""t Alpat. PI,D. 
ON CONSCIOUSNESS 
& CURRENT EVENTS 

Autltor of "Bt Hm Now" ""d "C,""/IIS)lO" '" 
Actiu". " u·"ic MIr" /1".;/, 

Tuesday, May 18 • 7:30 pm 
Scottish Rite Centre 

I~:.:::k~=~:~~ II 
Also .t tht door ~.:.~ 

611/ 21,.,1Xl ' •• 
for InfOV!lol~on (411: 

558-3490 
El'tIIilllJJ &- Sntllrdn. 

ilppoi'III,;m(S A I'nilnbit 

A Benefit for the 
Seva Foundation 

PlfYSlCllllATH TUTOR. ~In p\IyIIca _ T A 
uparianca. "511>r ........ (5I10-f13) 
Earn up 10 $'0.000 monthly. no --. buIInMa 
opportunity: own. 1I00I. R«orOaddetailo595-3999. 
(511 0-5127) 

EDUCATION ~ CAIINVAlIhic Thuroday 11 
• . ",,-3 p.m. at IN SIcn God. Find out_a going on 
in Sacr_ and _ ~ can doaboul~. (5110-51 
13) 

WOAD PRocESSING - 15,.... FuN __ s.,.. 
ciaIIzing In larm _ . ......... U- prinIoula. 
GInny 483-6882. (51,H/l) 

HAt!. LASHES. NALS. ETC. The beat ... in La 
JoIa It roura lor a tupor _ priCel SALON OE 
NOIE. 413-25,2. (5/13-5124) 

GRAD PItOT08I s...cn 1hIt ..... lor IN 1 HR. 
MOTO PHOTO ad. Of cal 5511-11190. (5113-512') 

Hou_ng. Prcl_. m.lur.working woman 
with refarencaa. CuI ... non-smoldng. rellabl • . Will 
glv. loving car. '0 your homa and paIS. minimum 
one month. 944-10SO balor. 9 p.m. piau • . (5113· 
el3) 
Cr .. _. local and_. Cal World Sail· 

WANTED 
_wIIo_ ... Irom_. To be 1ncI'-
In. <WugIea _1UIy. Dr. Fenley 452·2882. (41 
22·51,7) 

12 GAUGE PERSUASION It Iooi<lng lor _1ouI 
keyboard player. Staody Gigs. lunl</rocklblues style. 
call 625-7950. (4129-512') 

WANTED: Piano VcIca and GYMr ..-. Part 
lima. "pal pref. own lranapor1ation. H9-1 r_ 
paid. 931-0707. (513-51'3) 

Womanl P_ DIvorced? Mom ncI r_riad? 
P.r1Ielpata In r_arell Itudy. CoUld win $100. 
eon-. 528-4531 . (513·5113) 
_unkIRaggaa banG _ motivalad guilarit, 
and ~/_ muslcians. Call Jim 792·2813. (51 
6-51, 7) 

NEWSLETTER EOITOR WANTED lor 
INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 1993·11410._ SarvicM 
Jab 111788. AppIieaIlc>M '*'" 5117. (5110-5113) 

MeAT 
90% OF THE STUDENTS 

WE'VE HELPED ARE 
TN MEDICAL SCHOOL 

Futon • Irame $75. Full/OuMn mal HI $80. Sol •• 
_, S2OO. Can _ 57~". (513-f13) 

111 _ CI.MOOT 3OK. P.cIec:I lor new rldora. 
Fairr.g. New ct.am. new ,...1ke, new from al'ld r .. 
br ..... Au", good. $500. call Don 1155,-8170. (51 
&-5113) 
~I DeadT_.lasVegaa. Sal. May 1 SIll. Call 
UncIa 523·1 348. (5110-5113) 
SchwInn lOOp road blka. straight Ilandabats. metallic: 
_ . $80. VCR. Samsung VHS. black. $130. __ 
28&1. (5110-5117) 

Stereo ... agnavox Intogr_ sys1orn. _ lapI. 
CO. lie .. "30. VCR. Samsung VHS. bIacJ<. $130. 
413-2894. (51'0-51171 
Com.,.".,. Cutlomizad lor your own __ Urni1ed 
supply. ar.ncI.-. CrIll for price. P_~. 
(5110·5117) 

Women', hiking boots, size 8, worn but Itlil 
good lit' Iitt in them. Ankle high . IXClllint 
IIall.n brlnd . Vi brIm lol.s. 520. 53.-3.66 dl'". 
(5/ 10-5120) 

BEO. DESK . ORESSER . $40 .ach o .b.o . 
MACINTOSH Plus wI _ar •. _iva . $550. 
Alice 455-0364. (51'0-5120) 

3.5 OO's and HD'slor sale. SO·s . 75C. '00·'@7Oc. 
Call P.,rick al 558-6536. (5/1 0-5117) 

FUlon andlrame. mul!i·poeition. lun. CCI1on/1oam. B'. 
hlglle •• quality. NEWI Gr ••• buy only $'55. 27$-
3102. (5110·5113) 

Macintash Pri." .. : !magawri •• II ; good condition. 
$1 SO Of baa! oller. call Chris 01457·5309. (511 0·5124) 

T a1dng !he .. CAT in Sap1embor? T ..... UCSD's MeAT 
REVIEW COURSE. Save on regular role l .52-6844. 
(5113·5127) 

Modem 9600 baled. Faall To 38.400 baUO ,hroughpu1. 
Brand rww. $175 a .b.a . Greg 558·2543 anylime. (51 
131 

'82 Suzuki 450GS. Gr .. , beginner's blka. Cheap 
palking. Breeze thN 1ralfie! $675 o.b.o. Greg 558· 
2543. (5113) 

RcI_ Z303 size 7.5. lika NEW. Blk.and erg. 
$80 o.b.o. 822-18'9. (51'3-5117) 

0klcI1Ia Mleroli.,. 93 . _carriage. 9 pin del matrix 
prirmtr with manual. centronics cable. + COtnpu1et 
_ . Slurdy. reliabl • . mus' 1111 $45. Call Jock ., 
4$2·1373. (51'3-5120) 

Saga "ith' 11'1 .... $IBO. 6 ' suc1board $60. Olympic 
bench " , weighll $ISO. 457·n17. (5113-5120) 

CALL OR WRITE: Mc:AAT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 

ADVANCEMENT AND 
TRAINING 

4500 CAMPUS DRIVE, #225 
NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92660 

(714) 476·3027 
WEEKEND COURSE: % hours, July 10 - Aug. 28 . $360 
3 WEEK COURSE: 178 hours, July 2S - Aug. 14 $450 

5 WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July 18 - Aug. 21 $650 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: 313' hours, July 12 - Aug. 27 . $2,000 

ALLERGIES? 
Research volunteers needed to participate in a clinical drug study 

testing an investigational drug not currently on the market. 
Volunteers must have Hayfever with springtime symptoms such as 

sneezing. ",Vatery eyes. runny nose and congestion. 

Qualified partiCipants will be paid up to 
$175.00 
for partiCipation 

Please call Janet or Dianna at 
(619)436-3988 

Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

Thuradar. May 13, 1993 

HOUSING 
Charming laucadIa rllr ... 2 IIAI2 IA. _ 
p-dena. Fumilhad. tW3-IIIi4. SI 000 mo. 1143-0703. 
(4129·5117) 

~ JoIIalVCSO: Non-amoking temale 10 -. 2 
bedroom. 2 bad! -'"*" ....... UTC and UCSD. 
Own bath. $3110 palmon\h Incl. uIiI. A_ ..... ,5 
or_. 45&-,770. (4128-5127) 
F .... .-......e(a) _: 1220 -. or $400 CMn _ . ____ ...... _ . twm. 2 
pool .. _III ochocI.bua.1aundry In ..... 3_ 
In _ ...... .. ail ...... , .. (nago\) . Cal SIIariene 
452·7_. (513-5117) 

Spaci0u03bedroomlOwnhoula ....... ooSO .. aiIabIe 
June; III apflIl.nc.s. wUhor/dry .... $995. 450-0328. 
(513·613) 
Summer lown hOUN 2 bedroom. __ • _ III 
buI. UCSO. Pool. parking. CMyon. $825. 2·3 people. 
June-September (nego6abIe). Cule! Cal Holly .. 
822-0103. (513-512.) 

FemaIa-.vna1._Is..mn.r/ownroom.1325I 
mo. 1IHU1iI\I1. apaciout, 4 Da4'2.5 bath _In Del 
...... R.chal25t-1M4. (513-5120) 

Summer rnal. 3 BORIA condo neX110 UCSO. 5511-
2023. (513·51131 
SUWMER CONDOI S6i0_. 2-badroom. 2 __ . 
C\alrornont. turnlahed. ALL UTIUTIES INCLUDED. 
Chrit 272-8758. Laave rneuaga. (513-51, 7) 

Priv.,. room In 3BR. 2.SIA condo. Del Mar. Eigtrt 
minUl.I Irom OOSO; POOIIapa. I.nnll; ".,k 10 
Hlghl_ Shopping cant ... ; prefer lornall non· 
smoking. Availlble July 101. $375. 11. uti!. 625-0771 
Joe. (513·51241 

Room for fent w/acceu to pool. t8f"lOia coutta. Near 
UTC. OWn balhroom wnull us. 01"-. I.undry. 
'52·2285. (516-5113) 
Summer SY""'aingi. room In 3 belrm condo _ own 
balhroom. UTC ..... 1..".1 ••. '50-3252. (516-51'3) 

Roommal • .-lor summer! Large bdrm. Condo 
UTC ..... 6/1·911 . $,380- (negotiable). Holly 
587·3617. (516-5113) ' 

Own bodroom In largo University City """ ... $250 
pal month pIua S200 dapoIit. Available 6113. Call 
Ryan II 587-0227 . (516-5117) 

Hillcreolllollaalon HlIIa. Roomma1. wanted In cool. 
bMutilul_.W_.dryor._.badlyard. 
pall O.K .. _'0,," ClftlIUa _ ..... $29,.1/ 
4 u1i1_. Av_ .-. 296-11445. (516-5113) 

For ~o_· WAlK UCSO. 2. 3 bacIrooma. 2 
car _chad p-ee-. Pool. 1erVIia. Gtaalllt_ 
buy ... lInancIng. Open SYndayI and '" appoIc..--. 
REIMAX • J __ . Into a~ (lit) 275-
28,8. (516-613) 

Room In 4bd. condo near UTC. F_ oNy. $310 . 
Laundry. lv_June ,. CalI.58-OO32. (5110-5113) 
Sumrn .. subl.1. Furnilhed _ bedroom. CMn 
baIII. Mira"'" hou ... $3501mo. Cal PIWl 549-
6642. (5I2O-fI3) 

Room Iva""bl. M.y 171h . Mlr ....... lor 
lummer andl or fait . Walk to ahopl, market. 
Pool . jacuzzI. w.,her. dryer. cabl • . looking tor 
•• IY going guy. S310/mo. Call Paul 5'9-6642. 
(5 /6-5/20) 

2 111_ bedroom 1OWI'IIIouaae .vai\abla JAity and 
Sap\Irrt>ef. _ UCSO. SI '4OImo. _112-6653. 
(5I10-fl3) 

FOR RENT : UnI*aI1y CIty Playmor: "250.00 3BR. 
UIA; 15SO aq.H. condo; aII~; QUIET. 
_ CAMINO LINDO' 3875 CAMINO CAlMA. July 
1; 454-8462. (518-51,3) F_ roomma\. _10 ...... opMiout r:oncIo 
wi4h2_girIoonalrilalromUCSO. I325Imo . • 1I 
3_. SWlrmllng.jacuai.-'~. and 
P-9 1pdUCIad. _ cal 453-8:M3 M InIarMlad. 
(5110-6/20) 

3 tornaIa .-_10 -'1umIahId U 
condo. Summer. and/or conIinuing. _ S35-
0,53. (5110-512') 
F_ .....""... w_ .. _ .. large ......... 
bedroom near RaIpha; $280 • 1/3 ulilldet; 51"·9115; 
558-8731 . (5110-5113) 
Pori... Summer Sublet RIgI11 __ 11rMI from 
ochocI. Ear walk 10 claM end s_. 2br. lbe apt. 
MId ....... 'o mid Sept. S795Imo. $100 dapoa\l452-
0188 ... ike Of D ... (51,0-51,7) 

F_wantacllO_.Ig.bedroom..-l1olf1n2ttory 4IIR Mir. _ ncn.-..g __ 2 .. la. 
S225 ..... uti_. WID. A_ 511 . 54 .. 8104. (51 
'0-5117) 

DEL MAR: Spaciouo room In NIIy ~ ...... 
T ..... pool. Jacuzzi. bNulilulaurroundingl. '12_ 
Irom beach. Cable TV. VCR . ...-/dry .... Available 
June I ... $350. Call 25i-8121 . (5110-5117) 
Roommat. _ lor 3 bedroom --.h .... wI 
backyard. AJII-.. 1ingIa wlbalcony. $320.11 
• ullin .... year or summer. 5 min. bike ride to UCSD. 
Neal. eonaldarlda mal. or I_al • . Ca" 452·6758. (51 
10-5117) 

Summer Subl." Needed: To 1II18r. 3 bedroom 
towmousewJbackyard. CMnroom$320;sh •• mastBr 
S280. 5 min. biI<. ride 10 UCSO. _h ... /dryer . Call 
452·8758. (5110·5/17) 
Roomm.le _ lor June-Sept. in Renaiuance 
Apts. Washer/dryer . $2.1 /mo. call Rob'~7·1325. (51 
10-51,7) 

HUGE room available in 280 c:ondotorsummer. Own 
bathroom . froe cable. _er/dry ... pool. jacuzzi. 
weighl room. parking underground. $51 0 1ingIa. $265 
share. Suzanne 558-8057. (5110·511 7) 
Fern'" summer roommllte ~ for MW, qu)et 
condo only 10 min. from UCSD. Non·srnokar.~. 
No ...... Pool. _ ... ,dry .... jacuul. own room lor 
$3OOlmonih Ind 113 u!iln .... Call 457-3"". (5110·51 
13) 

SUM .. ERROOMAVAIlABlE·lurriohad.SlI5-Ml . 
$330 + 114. cable. laundry. near __ • UTC. Cal 
_ : '51-0032. (5110-51'3) 

Summer S"-· -... 28R upper. Golden HIIII 
~. Sumy. ---. - balcony . back yanl. $37f5/mO + dip. 'n Sap\ '5. CrIll 238-
10M. (5110-5124) 

3 rooms .v_1n 00 condo· 2 _Iromcompua 
• S33o-$340/month + '13 ulilltlaa. W'-/dryar. 
S- or longer. Cal 455-03&1. (5110·5120) 
Famaia roomma1l "an\ad. Apt.. P.cific _ . Own 
room. Larea mat1ar. $35O/mo • 1/2 utiI. Available 
July. CIdnay 27'·7359. (5110-6/1) 

Room lor rent. Larga2 story apt. 112m1. from UCSD. 
Pool. no dapooiI. no laM. $350. Availabl. 511. CaN 
Mary 622-0759. (5110-5120) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LA JOLlA/UTC atunnlng 2 yft new. 311A12IA 
-..urn FOR RENT or FOR SAlE . ...... 
In _I Spaciouo ,450. 1q.1I .. .. ~. berber 
....... IIaIi8n .. Ihrouglloul. CluIat _ . ilia 
_ 10 1happIng ..... .., ..... patb. Mutt _I 
., 200/month r ...... or $ 171.Il0010 buy .1I45-aoeo. (51 
10-51'3) 

........,-2bedroomIorS ............. _ooIoIWIg 
10 ...-. In ~ JoIa. 3 _ In Ju .... JAity or 
Augutt. CaI'- W p.m. padIic _ . (4' 3) S. 
_ . (51'0-51'3) 
Summer ~2peop1elO __ badroomln 
ViIaI 01_. --...:I_In_; 
_ /<*yer. poo\I.twm. S2I7.SO .113_...". 
KalIna 4116-533, . (5110-5113) 
F_.-wantad.NorwnokarlorCMnroom 
Inlamly·a_. 5m1n. _tocarnpua.A_71 
,193 (pooaibIy .........,. $35O/mo. ___ • 
pool ....... 4S5-i678. (5110-512') 
.. Ira ...... Matur. _. condo. room wI1h plY .. 
bath. S4OOpluad.polll. 1I2utill1l • . 5311-8383. (5113-
5124) 

Room for rant ... _lor IIUCMW. $35OImo. 1n Del 
Mw. Cal 5511-Il008. (51'3-51241 
Room lor ..... I34OImonth • ..- lor _ . 
_Idryor. pool. bullO UCSD • ......-. """ 
aIorgic 10 calL cal Stacy or Uu. 825-082, . (5113-51 
27) 

Hou_er.v_logiv.'<Wingc:aralllyourhornl 
ond pall. "'_. rn8\Ur. working __ 
_ ...... 0uIaC. non-amoklng • .-1_. 944·1050 
_.9 p.m. pIMM. (5I13-f13) 
FwnIIo ~_ 2 k>roIy .......... cwt. cIooo 
IOFloc/I:h. V .... Ucdcr· lO-I5 ..... """'UCSO. NIoarc:f 
qJoI '1IIig1i\)()C11ClCId, -..,..,..",.... bIIhrocm. 52751 
$300. ~ cal 271-4316. .-,. (51'3-6'3 ) 
La Jolla Shora. 3 bdr. S.UOIo house. Studio In house 
av_. 1 or 2 poraono. CMn Ici1chan. bathroom and 
Intr."... Ocaan view. llrue __ quiet . 10 min. to 
UCSD. S620. 551-024' . (51'3·5117) 

looking IOf ""'""* houoing7 LIVE 8' Rllnaiuanoa 
lor oNy $280. F_ only. '52-81144. (5113·5127) 
ROOMIoIATE NEEDED lor IUnrnarl Own room in 3· 
bdrm. _ UTC ..... POCII . laundry t....-. lie. 
$378. '13 u1ll_. 517·2656. (51,3-613) 
__ \\y. you will only _lima to _1IIrM of 
INn __ . M_ 1hIt one 01 ,he II". •. you 
_,'ba,eon"Y.Ih·pI<lC8'· ... ~Iy ... Ice·Two_ 

lor ... 

FOUND:COT_In_lJIrory. -.atyamourw 
'wrillng on _III cWm. 558-8057. (51,0·5117) 
S700 IN MWAROII $500 tor InIo IaadIng 10 IN 
raIum 01 MacinIaeII "-booIc 170 ttoIanlrom Tioga 
darn M. S200 lor _ 0'''' coIorad _. 
...., """. No ~ _ . Cal 5511-7525. All< 

PERSONALS 
SIgma K.- _ good I!ICk 10 aI partIcipaIing In 
Oe<by Days. (51'3) 

PB BLONDE • SUNSET RED • OTL STOUT • HIGHLANDER SCOTCH ALE • INDIA PALE> 
r' 

· ~ 

• 
~ 
....l 
« 

• 
!-o 
:J 
o 
!-o 

en 
....:I 
E-4 
o 

WEDNESDAY SPECIAL 
STEIN NIGHT 

, 

'\ 

Buy our logoed Stein for 
$5 full, and every Wednesday 

thereafter, we'll fill your 
stein with BEER ALL NIGHT 
for $2 PER REFILL! 
Ellfry Wednesday 7 pm-close 

$1 BEER THURSDAYS 
• AlIlO-oz. microbrewed $100 beers (after 7 pm) 
I· Remember II' $1.00 beers are I NOT THE SAME 

• 

o 
SUNDAY ,..., 

l' 
COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT (fJ 

• ALL PIZZAS $5~a~h g 
• All 48-oz. PITCHERS '"'l 

(after 5 pm) • 
::t 

• Try the THAI CHICKEN PlZZAI • 

4475 Mission Blvd. 
comer of Mission & Gamet • SeaCoast Square 
_~~ti~~ P ARKlNG off of Homblend St. 

C) 
X 
r' 

> Z 
o 

~ 

" en 
() 
o 
'"'l 
() 

• all( HSNns • ~aNola ad • ~aNola AlilIlOMVlUS • llV 11Vd viaNI. nv X 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

~a{on de c::Noie 
Invites You! 

With this limited Invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair 
Consultation 

• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 

for Friend 
• HK Protein Deep 

Reconstructor 
• Scalp Massage 

BONUS OFFER 
25% OFF Oesigner Perm 
25'\0 OFF Conditioning Highlight 
20% OFF Second Haircut Style 
20% OFF All Hair Products 
30% OFF Set of Acrylic Nails 

• Clarifying Conditioning 
Treatment 

• Eyebrow/Eyelash Tinting 
• Eyebrow Waxing 
• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• Complete Manicure 
• French Braid 
• 3 Tanning Sessions 

FOR ONLY 

$4499 
Regular Value S404" 

Call Progressive "arketlng 483-2512 

jennifer J 5 ~'" 
~~btnd,w(4r 

5538 La Jolla Blvd. • Bird Rock 
Complete Une of SWltmfear 

Separates 
Action Wear 

over 30 brands 
Summer hours 10-7 55 I· 1004 
-----------;-, DISCOUNT COUPON I 

I 1S0t'O Good on I I i't any purchase I 
~arkin8 ~r~':..... ___ [x p'''::...'11 9_3,.,..... _ 

TIMELY 
GRADUATION 

PORTRAITS 
Have your graduation portrait taken 

with us and you'11 have your finished 
portraits ready at graduation. We offer: 

• Proofs in ONE HOUR 
• Finished packages in ONE WEEK* 

• We furnish cap & gown 
• Prilll.! 011 COIlI'OS lake longer 

ONE HOUR 
-MOTOPHOTO--

& PORTRAIT STUDIO 
1,"1.4J~/M1.Ikt~ .. . ~SM 

Rennaissance Towne Center 
8935 Towne Centre Dr. (Just east of UIC) 

558-1690 

, 



... 

'''' 

.' 

14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. May 13, 1993 

SpriDI Computer 

SALE 
Dannevik Named Men's 
VoHeyball Coach 

ing the UCSD program into na· 
tional prominence this year when it 
joined the Mountain Pa-
cific Sports Federation, 
a top-level conference 
featuring such teams as 
Cal State Northridge 
and UCLA. who banled 
it out for the national 
title this year. 

year," he said. 
"I think some coaches get frus-

trated with UCSD. but 
I've learned to live with 
the limitations." Dan-
nevik added. «.',re. 

" •• 1 •• I65C ..... .a.t(N1!W) 
" Put M _"." ........ ~_~ 
_ICII (\oIItCO .... I44I(N-) lIEn \4UI.LEYIIAU: Tritoo w<men's coach replares Rod WIlde for his second stint ~ men's coach Those limitations in-clude playing Division I powerhouses such as 

UCLA , Pepperdine or 
Stanford twice a year with 
a fraction of the money 
and support the bigger 
teams get. 

PC,' ..... ......................... , 
o--I""HD 1D£.~.alt(N&W) 
o--l."HD.lDI. . .slft(NlW) 
IIPID.-. 5MB ......... SI.5(NEW) 
HP ............................. l3tS(lJlM) 
'216-1' wlt.2 PO "MBND. 
VOA c.IIr .... ~_ ................ ...... 1361(\ .... ) 
PII2..- _ .. " .......... .......... 1349 0-......," ................ _) 

~,...,.IW ......... ..-. 
...... 

n .... t.A ....... 
.. NUC-., .... 

N.wA ...... 0-. ... ~t22 

., .... w.... 
Sports Editor 

Doug Dannevik, who in 14 years 
has guided the UCSD women's vol-
leyball team to 10 Final Fours and 
six national championships, was 
named head coach of the men's 
volleyball team on April 2Orh. 

The appointment will be 
Dannevik's second experience with 
the men's team, which he guided to 

FUU SERVrCE CAR WASH 
. COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 COlta Verde Blvd_ • 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-~UCSD 

ill L8 JDII8 V1I18g. Dr. I. 
UTe 

I 
z_® J I No, .. Dr . ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL son CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------! !Ill Full Service $ 99 

: ~~~~ P!! !A~! 3"'~3 
I C ·\R WASil Not valid with Iny other oHer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 6130/93 

~----------------- ______ I 

(RA~nING? 
LA JOLLA 
HAS A~~ THE 
ANSWERS. 

F rom a huge variety of services like Kinkos, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph 's Grocery, to entertain-
ment and fun from places like Sports 2001, 
TGIFriday 's, Music Plus and Pacific Theatres, 
La Jolla Village has got you seriously covered. 

a 40-78 record between 1979-84. 
As the most successflll coach in 
Division m women's volleyball, 
Dannevik's women's team has gar-
nered a 381-165 record. 

Dannevik replaces Rod Wilde, 
who left after two years in the head 
spot to become a full-time assistanr 
with the U.S. National volleyball 
team. 

Their first year was 
a rough one for the Tri-
tons, who went 1-18 in 
conference play. But 
Dannevik has set the 
team's goals higher. "I 
will concentrate on de-
veloping an entire vol-
leyball program. not just 

"I can establish conti-
nuity between the men's 
and women's programs 
to prove that UCSD can 
be a successful volley-

Wilde was responsible for bring- coaching individual teams each ball program." the coach said. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance. HuJth Plans 

MedI-CaI Acceoted 
VIsa, Mat.r Card, DilCOwr 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 
MISSION VIEJO 

26400 La Alameda 
(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St 
(714) 851-1201 

'· 5 

57 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

SUMMER 
SMART 

COOL CLASSES 
START J U N E 1 4 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

AT CITY MESA AND 
MIRAMAR COLLEGES 
ENROLL NOW! INFO: 584 - 6500 

Thursday, May 13, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Gee Named First UCSD All-American 
\WERSKINCt Triton 
receives honor after placing 
fifth in slalom at All-Stars 
By Gregg Wrem 
Sports Editor 

The UCSDwaterskiingteam, hav-
ing made headlines all year in the 
western region, went national last 
weekend when senior Duane Gee 
became the first Triton ever to be 
honored as an All-American. 

Oan MCuowell/ bUll""'" 

Gee was one of four UCSD skiers, 
including women's team members 
Alison Walmsley, Amy Burton and 
Tami Walker, who traveled to the 
National Collegiate Water Ski Asso-
ciation All-Star Championships in 
Columbia. South Carolina last week-
end. The meet featured the top skiers 
from each of the six. regions that make 
up the United States. 

Duane Gee knifes throulh the water .. he mak .. a paI8 at 36 mph. 

Gee placed fifth in the slalom event. 
breaking his own school record by 
passing five buoys at 28 feet off. His 
previous school best was four-and-a-
half buoys at 28 off. 

Walmsley placed tenth overall. 
highlighted by an eighth-place finish 
in her specialty, the trick event. A 
disappointing outing in the slalom-

she fell during her fITSt pass at 30 mph 
- kept the sophomore from a better 
overall finish . 

Burton fmished 16th overall and 
was another record breaker, leaping 
49 feet in the jump event. 

Walker was the Tritons' top fm-
isher in the slalom, posting a mark of 
three-and-a-half buoys at 30 mph. 
giving her 14th place in that event. 

''I'm ex.tremely proud of the entire 
team," Head Coach Russell Johnson 

USA Volleyball W. TENNIS: 
rJ' UCSD UCSD tramples MIT, 
1. emn at but loses to Gustavus 
On Friday Adolphus 

ContInued from page 1.1 
The United States Men's National 

Volleyball team will be staging an 
intrasquad scrimmage at the UCSD 
Main Gym on Friday at 7 p.m. 

The team, featuring 1992 Olympic 
bronze medalists Brian Ivie, Bob 
Samuelson, Eric Sato, Nick Becker and 
Carlos Briceno, will be playing to ben-
efit the UCSD volleyball program. 

Admission for students and military 
with ID is $2. and the general admission 
price is $4. 

This will be the only San Diego 
appearance by the team in 1993. 

MIT player Valerie Tan. 6-2, 6-3, 
while number-two OlandIerclobbered 
MIT's Hanna Ohkawa, 6-1, 6-3. 

Number-threeTriton Nicholas and 
number-four Gessford continued the 
trend by winning their matches 6-1, 
6-4, and 6-0, 7-5, respectively. Fresh-
man Takemoto, playing at number-
five singles. defeated MIT's lanet 
Chen, 6-3. 6-3. Williams closed out 
singles play for UCSD with a 6-1 , 6-
4 victory over Pratima Rao. 

UCSD took no prisoners and went 
onto play MIT's bestdoublescompe-

AnENTION DeSD GRADSI 
Welve Got A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new careerl 

said. "We didn't have any extraordi-
nary performances, but we were solid 
all the way through." 

'The performances of all the Tri-
ton skiers legitimizes the team as a 
national-class program," Assistant 
Coach Bill Schniderwind said. 

"It was a surprise," Gee said. "I'm 
proud that five years of hard work 
paid off and things just fell my way. 
I've had a great time at UCSDand it's 
good to go out in style." 

tit ion. Inaba and freshman Kurokawa 
recorded a 6-1, 6-2 win over MIT's 
Tan and Claudia Hung, while 
Takemoto and Gessford outplayed 
their MIT counterparts 6-4, 6-4. 

Ending a flawless day of perfor-
mances, Williams and Chandler put 
MIT to rest with their 6-2, 6-0 com-
mand performanceoverRaoand Carol 
Matauzaki. 

Thetournamentwillcontinue with 
UCSD tangling with Franklin & 
Marshall today. 

- Sports EdHor Gregg Wrenn 
contributed to this story. 

The Guardian 
Read It. Recycle It. But 

whatever you do, don't pour 
kerosene on It, light It and 
toss It Into your gas tank. 

NUDE BEACHES & RESORTS 
Where To Be Natural 

More than 2,000 worldwide and 
lOOs of U.S. clothes·optional sites 
listed in the World Gujde to Nude 
Bea::hes & Recrealibn, illustrated with 
hundrOOs of color photos. Order the 
264-page Guide, $24.95 post)llid. 

Nude & Natural Magazjne, 4 
issues, $25 . Sample N&N, $8. 
Color catalog features videos, 
books, T-shins, $1. 

The Naturist Society 
P.O. Box 132-GU 

Oshkosh, WI 54902 
VISAIMC Orders: 414-426·5009 

naturist@igc.apc.org 

hm 
Brake Special * *80 
caDAutoC .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 -.6 pm, Sat. 8-5 
eeeo M~, Rd., suite C 

(behind Goodye8l' 
SIn DIe,o, CA 92121 
(819) 158-2438 

• most cars 

SPORTS 15 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 81. 1DW5 Master Mechanics • . _ 
exclusively VW and AUDI 

1870 Mira., load • 410-1494 
~ Air l Water Cooled, Mainttnlnce Servicae • Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 

Rebuilt Engines • Gas l Diesel • EJectrical • Clutches· Brakes· Valves 

loeded In 'he Autopolt Mau • MllOITIar 
Next Door to Discount T.9 

EXPIRES 6/15/93 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
Mo~:~FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Self Service storage at lowest rates 5 x 6 • $20 
Wilh UCSD /D. No securilydeposil. noadm.fee 5 x 7 • $22 

$401$44 To/al ren/jor 3 /IIOlIliu I OUTDOOR CAR STORAGE AVAILABLE I 9780 CANDIDA ST.-
Pay for 2 months, gellhe 
3rc1 MONTH FREE 
9780 Candida St, 566·3881 -+02-\--+--+ 

Price Center 

Including: newspapers, 
plastics, cans, etc ... 

I May 18. 19. g 20th I Price Center I 
a non-profit function 

From 3-6 pm ~ through 
Friday with student ID It h 
Two compleM din".,. for only 
$9,90 with student ID 
o-Ilhrv 6/10/93 toot VI 

OLD TOWN , SAN DIEGO • 298 · 0133 

-

• 



16 

' . 

Tube Polo Playoff. 
2nd season opens tonight 

VOLLEYBALL 

Evlan 
Spike 
Fest 
Poll 

as of May 12th 
AM 
1. Meddling Kids 14-1 
2. We Have Balls 10-2 
3. Dognut Bumpers 10-2 
4. Clueless 9-3 
5. What Sport is This 9-3 

AA 
1. Humpty Bumpty 18-0 
2. Spectrum 14-1 
3. Shanks 4 the Pancakes 14-1 
4. May Company 17-1 
5. Sets on the Beach 11-1 
6. Penile Implant 14-4 
7. Toast 'N Serve 13-2 
8. Maxi Crush 14-4 
9. Just Chummin 11-4 
10. Turkish Dating Game 13-5 

A 
1. Graceland Warriors" 14-1 
2. The Bee Gee's Fan Club 15-3 
3. WahSai 14-1 
4. In Yeu Face 10-5 
5. Here We Cum 16-5 
6. II was a Good Name Too 16-2 
7. Dougs Kids 16-2 
8. Bump in the Night 13-5 
9. Hellraisers & BallBrea 13-5 
10. Just Hit It 15-3 

GnIphics by Tara Eon 

Hawaiian 
Football 
Blowllnto Playoffs 
RegulJu season wraps lip tomon-ow 

OK, what 
the heck's 
been going on 
out on Muir 
Field on Fri-
days? II looks 

a lillie like footbaH, but then it looks like 
Rugby, but it really looks like Waterpolo 
on land. And, are they really using a 
pineapple instead of a ball? The 1M 
Dept. says it's the best workout in the 
program, so is it some sort of funky 
aerobics? 

Naill's Hawaiian Football. The rules 
for this game were originally written in 
the ancient Hawaiian language of King 
Kamehameha. A distant cousin of the 
great King translated the papyrus 
scrolls into English for the 1M Staff. 
Unfortunately, this cousin loves to 
enjoy the intoxicating juices of the 
Polynesian Coconut vine and we're 
not sure he got everylhingjustthe way 
the King wanted it. But, hey, that's 
what makes this thing so much fun. 

The team to beat this year has got to 
be YOUR MOTHER. They have 
beaten every opponent and by an 
average of 48 points. The defending 
champs, CHIEF, has been blowing 
away their league with impressive 
numbers and should make the Hula 
Bowl one to remember. They may 
need a little divine intervention from 
the great King himself, but HOOTER 
HUNTERS and CRAZED TOURISTS 
both have a chance to play the roll of 
spoiler. Donldisappointthe Hawaiian 
Gods by missing the fastest sport on 
campus. Just swing by Muir Field for 
all the great Hawaiian action. 

VALID ONLY AT COSTA VERDE a. MIRAMAR LOCATIONS. 
PLEASE PRESENT UCSD 10. Exp. !5/27/93 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 13, 1993 

Softball· Playoff Preview 
All Intramural Softball Championsh~ Play-off Brackets are posted at the Canyonview Recreation Office. Please 

come by, chart your team's course to the championsh~, and notify all 01 your team members about future datesltimesl 
and places. 

TIIIII c.ptaJn's Note: Rescheduling pIIy-off games Is I virtual impossibility due to the sheer number of 
qualifying a.na and h limited amount of .,... 

MEN'S AM SOFTBAll 
Top Seeda: Captain Fogcutters (5'{)) 

Big Red Machine (5'{)) 
1M Homophobic (4-0) 
Pi Kapp Senior (3-1) 

No. of T..na: 12 (Double Elimination) 
FIrIt ReI Sun-May 1615pm and 6pm 
Games StIlt: No. Campus FI8Ids 
Subtequant Thu-May 20 
Rda Play: Sat·May 22 

Sun·May23 

MEN'S AA SOFTBAll 
Top Seeds: Kardiac Kids (5-0) 

Jokers R Us (5'{)) 
Suicide Butt Squeeze (4-1) 
Surf Beat (4-1) 

No. of T8IllII: 20 
First Rd Sun·May 1613,4,5,6pm 
Gimes Stilt: No. Campus Fields 
Subsequent Tue-May 18 
Rds Play: Sat-May 22 

Sun-May 23 

MEN'S A SOFTBALL 
Top Seeds: Each Hit (5-0) 

Uncorrelated Errors (5'{)) 
Viaw's Back (4-0) 
Nine Shots (4-0) or SO-50 (4-0) 

No. of Teems: 38 
First Rd Sun-May 16/1 1 am,12n,l pm 
Gimes Stilt: No. Campus Fields 

SUbsequent Wed-May 19 
Rds Play: Sat-May 22 

Sun-May 23 

WOMEN'S AM 
Teems: Lab Rats (4-0) 

Masterbatters (3-1 ) 
Earthpigs For Choice (3-1) 
Playing The Field (2-2) 

No. of Teems: 4 (Double Elimination) 
First Rd Tue-May 1815pm and 6pm 
Glmea: No. Campus Fields 
Subsequent Sat-May 22 
Rds: Sun-May 23 

COED AA SOFTBAll 
Top Seeds: Beware of the Shrikes (5-0) 

The Pom House (5-0) 
We Crap Bricks (4'{)) 
Spit 'N Chew (5-0) 

No.ofT .. ma:28 
First Rd Mon·May 161Spm and 6pm 
Games: No. Campus FI8Ids 
Subsequent Fri·May 21 
Rda: Sat-May 22 

Sun·May23 

COED 'A1' SOFTBALL 
Top Seeds: We're No Angels (5-0) 

Hard Bat & Softballs (5-0) 
Slick It In Da' Ho (4-0) 
Flaming Homers (3-0) or 
Can't Find The Hole (3-0) 

No. of Teems: 12 (All Coed A League Winners) 
First Rd Sun-May 1613pm and 4pm 
Gimes: Tue-May 1815pm and 6pm 
SUbsequent Sat-May 22 

Sun-May 23 
Tue-May25 

COED A SOFTBAlL 
Top Seeds: Chest Nuts (4-1) 

Shin's Sluggers (4-1) 
Big Sticks (4-1) 
8 Scioscias (3-0) or 
No Code Kids (3-1) 

No. ofTeems: 24 
First Rd Sun-May 16/10am and 2pm 
Gimes: Wed-May 19/5pm and 6pm 

Fri-May 19/5pm and 6pm 
Subsequent Sat-May 22 
Rda: Sun-May 23 

Tue-May24 

BJ's 
-=---$ 

Pizzeria 

OFF AIY 
LARGE PillA ~/\ 
Please pres€1II cm/pon Whell ordering . 
\I(llfdjordellwry, C11rt)'O/l1 or dille ill . 
I:'xfJlrt·, 5/ 27/ 93 

FREE CAMPUS DEUVERY TO YOUR DOOR 
Sun 11 :30.om-ll pm! M·Th 11 ?m·ll pm 

Fn. & Sol .. 1 gm·12 mid 

8873 Villa Lajolla Dr. Lajolla Village Center 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is sliU the best! 


