
Elsewhere 
UCS8 PaIr Doe. ..... 
, .... For Phony IDs 
SANTABARBARA - Two 
UCSB students charged with 
producing more than 200 fake 
out-of-state identification cards 
and driver licenses in their 
dormitory room completed their 
sentence in Santa Barbara 
County jail late last month, 
serving 13 days. Nicolas 
Cabrera and Riyad Nabti, both 
19, pleaded guilty to producing 
fake driver licenses and IDs, 
manufacturing Department of 
Motor Vehicle documents and 
creating an illegal business. 

Two DavIs students 
Drown In Creek 
DA VIS - Two UC Davis 
students drowned in a Solano 
County diversion canal when 
they were enveloped by flow 
turbulence after landing in the 
waters. The roommates, senior 
Toan Bui and junior Hung Ngo 
entered the canal at about 9:30 
p.m. Saturday, March 13. Their 
bodies were found by divers 
approximately two hours later 
in Putah Creek. Solano County 
officials said they were 
informed that the students were 
at the canal to collect minnow 
specimens for a UCD biologi-
cal science course project. 
Arrangements for a memorial 
service have not yet been 
made, according to UCD Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Frank Rincon. 

ucsa Ree Center 
Project Commence. 
SANTA BARBARA-
Crowds of students, campus 
officials and alumni kicked off 
the quarter last month with a 
groundbreaking celebration for 
UCSB 's $12.7 million Univer-
sity/Recreation Center project. 
The completed project will 
contain an expanded bookstore, 
additional eating facilities, 
more meeting rooms and 
expanded space for the 
AssoCiated Students, the 
Graduate Student Association 
and the newly upgraded Multi-
cultural Center. 

Inside 

CULTS 
SPECTACLE: Students tell 
of their experiences living in 
religious cults. 11 

SPORTS: Triton baseball 
held on for a 6-5 win against 
Point Lorna. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEF .. ... ... .. ...... .. .. .... 2 
LIGHT & IREN .. .... ... .. .. .... 2 
OPINION ... ........ .......... ....... 04 

PECTACLE ........................ 1 
CLA SIFIED ...................... 12 
SPORT ..... .. ....................... 16 

T H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 5,1993 

SPECIAL REPORT 
The annual Associated Student elections are here 

again and today we take a closer look at the ... 

THE 

Intoday's 
Guardian you will 
find a special 
120page pullout 
section with 
c:andidIIte profiles 
and edtorial bo.-d 
recom.lndatIonS 
for tills year'. A.S. 
election. 

OF THE 

Bitter experience has proven that A.S. candidates usually talk a 
mean game in April, but when Fall Quarter rolls around, they're up 
to their usual tricks. While this is certainly a major concern to keep 
in mind during the upcoming year, we are fairly confident that 
several candidates stand head and shoulders above their peers and 
will do an exemplary job on the council. 

A large number of this year's crop of potential office-holders 
have proposed innovative approaches to recurring issues that affect 
UCSD students. With the possibility of autonomy spurring the need 
for a more financially stable A.S., a few of the more enterprising 
candidates have incorporated ag"aressive entrepreneurship into their 
platforms. Also, candidates are balancing their plans with frugality. 

The more impressive candidates feature platforms calling forthe 
AS. to change its focus from a bureaucratized institution to a more 
task-oriented, active body. Perhaps the most encouraging develop-
ment is a realization that a more rational approach is required to deal 
effectively with the problems facing UCSD students. 

Perhaps this year, students may finally have some reason to take 
an active interest in student affairs. 

- PIlIp MIchaels, Opinion Edftor 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 3 

Court Rules 
AgainstUCB 
JUDGEMENT: Judge denies 
injunction against administration; 
cites the "advisory" role of Board 
By Chris Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

Former University Center Board Chair 
(UCB) Chris Burnett failed to obtain a prelimi-
nary injunction that would reverse Vice Chan-
ceUorofStudent Affairs Joseph Watson's move 
to "disestablish" the UCB in San Diego County 
Superior Court on Friday. 

In his decision, Judge Wayne Peterson 
ruled that "there is no compelling need to 
maintain the status quo" adding that Watson 's 
actions have not caused "irreparable harm" to 
the UCB. 

Peterson said that the case will be discussed 
in greater detail on May 7 during a hearing 
prompted by a motion for summary judgement 
filed by the defense. In the motion, the univer-
sity will seek to have the VCB' s suit against the 
administration dismissed without a fuB hear-
ing. 

The debate focused on the legitimacy of 
Watson's action to dissolve the board. Jennifer 
Kel\y, who is representing the defense along 
with Director of Student Policie and Judicial 
Affairs Nick Aguilar, argued that the UCB was 
established by the university 's charter and that 
"the charter makes it clear that the VCB is an 
advisory board," giving Watson fuB authority 
over the body. 

Craig Barkus, Burnett's attorney, argued 
that the UCB was seeking to clarify several 
points of contention concerning its charter and 
was disestablished as a direct result of this 
action. 

"Should a defendant be able to respond to a 
lawsuit by declaring a plaintiff out of exist-
ence?" Barkus asked the judge during the 
hearing. 

Barkus concentrated on passages in the 
1990 UCB charter that he considered in con-
flict with the university's interpretation of the 
document, rather than attempting to make a 
case for the 1992 UCB charter, which was 
drafted by last year's board but never approved 
by the administration. The board still maintains 
that the 1992 charter is valid, however. 

"I only referred to the 1990 charter to dem-
onstrate to the court that even that charter is 
beneficial to the [VCB's] case," Barkus said 
after the hearing. 

The question of the advisory status of the 
case figured strongly in the judge's decision. 

"If the UCB were something other than an 
See UCB, Page 3 

'Student Action Now' Charged With Campaign Violations 
RULES: Craig, Mayo allege that slate's candidates 
used A.S. offices for campaign work 
By Karen Chene 
Associate News Editor 

Eight Associated Students can-
didates, running under the Student 
Action Now slate, were charged last 
Friday with violating an AS. elec-
tion bylaw. 

A.S. Director of Public Rela-
tionsMatt Mayo and Warren Sopho-
more Senator Jenny Craig filed 

charges against Student Action Now 
for violating AS. election bylaw 
Article 6, section B.3.k, which pro-
hibits any A.S. or Price Center fa-
cilities from being used for election 
campaigns, specifically campaign 
"advocation. " 

The eight persons named in the 
complaint were presidential candi-
date Randolph Siwabessy, Vice 

President Administrative candidate 
Carla Tesak, Vice PresidentFinance 
candidate Neena Malik, Vice Presi-
dent External candidate Nick 
Andres, Commisioner of Opera-
tions, Services and Enterprise can-
didateGregg Bakken, Commisioner 
of Academic Affairs candidate John 
Barnes, Comrnisioner of Student 
Advocacy candidate Matthew Win-
ter, and Commissioner of Commu-
nications candidate Bik-Na Park. 

Both Mayo and Craig contend 

that work typed up on a computer in 
the A.S. by Student Action Now 
candidates were part of a campaign 
proposal. 

"The complaint is that AS. mem-
bers were using ASUCSD facili-
ties, which is a violation of election 
bylaws. I strongly believe that it 
should not be used for AS. cam-
paign activity. When you are typing 
up a proposal for your slate, that' s 
advocating [it]," Mayo said. 

See ELECTION, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

Scripps, UCSD Plan 
Joint Cancer Center 
COOPERA1ION: Institutions would combine research 
and treatment centers into one extensive center 
By EIIc SchnIIdt 
Senior St1Jff Writer 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson and Scripps Institution of 
Medicine and Science President 
Charles Edwards agreed last month 
to explore the possibility of a cancer 
center operated by the two organi-
zations. 

'The proposed center would link 
the resources of the UCSD and 
Scripps cancer programs. Organi-
zationsaffected by the decisions are 
the UCSD Cancer Center. the 
Scripps Clinic Green Cancer Center 
and the Stevens Cancer Center at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital. 

"'The hierarchy at Scripps Clinic 
and UCSD wanted to explore any 
possible collaboration concerning 
[cancer] research and care, "said Dr. 
Allen Saven, associate director of 
Oinical Research at Scripps Green 
Cancer Center. 

Although details of the agree-
ment have not been worked out. 
Saven said the "concept itself is a 
good one - so as not to duplicate 
services" and to avoid excess cost. 
However, the idea still needs to be 
explored. he added. 

The deal would also benefit 
UCSD. accordingtoNanc:y Stringer. 
a public information representative 

FJtMy, M.eII 28: 

at UCSD's Health Sciences Com-
munications. 

'The program, she said, would 
"coordinate and eliminate duplica-
tion of services," hopefully saving 
money during troubled economic 
times. Cost savings of the program 
have not yet been estimated. 

In addition. Stringer said the pro-
gram would help UCSD patients by 
providing service in La Jolla, not 
just at the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest. 

It would also allow patients 
greater access to clinical trials, ex-
peri mental treatments with no guar-
antee of success. 

Such access benefits both pa-
tients and researchers who use the 
trials to test new drugs, Stringer 
said. 

A board has recently been estab-
lished to determine the feasibility of 
the proposed collaboration. The 
JointPlanningCouncl1 has 12 mem-
bers, six from each institution. The 
council is expected to meet soon, 
and no date has been set for a final 
decision. 

Planning Council members from 
UCSDareDr.JohnAlksne,Michael 
Stringer, Peter Preuss, Dr. William 
Hrynuik, Dr. Stephen Wasserman 
and Dr. Robert Corringham. 

6:20 a.m.: A 21-year-old non-affiliate was arrested for stealing a vehicle and 
being in possession of stolen property. Transported to County Jail. 
1MunIIIy, M.-c1127: 
11.:20 a.m.: A 29-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for outstanding traffic 
and misdemeanor warrants. Cited and released. 
......." ...... 28: 
1:40 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a license plate from her 1992 Toyota 
Paseo. No loss. 
MandIIy, ..... 21: 
12:54 a.m.: Police offIcers reported vandalism to Mandell Weiss theater 
caused when unknown suspects threw a concrete block through the glass lobby 
door. Loss: $500. 
,....-" March 30: 
9:45 a.m.: An officer reported a fist fight at the Central Library. 
5:30 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of cash from Porter's PUb. Loss: 
$2,005. 
W.-...." M8rch 31: 
U:55 a.m.: A student reported a burglary in a music room at Mandeville. Loss 
$1,890. 
9:38 p.m.: A 20-year-old male student suffering from acute intoxication of LSD 
rammed his head through two glass windows at Tioga, causing lacerations to 
his scalp. He was taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. Officers 
also confiscated several explOSives and drug paraphernalia from the victim's 
Matthews apartment. 
TIIunUr, AprIl 1: 
10:15 p.m.: A 23-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for possesion of less 
than one ounce of marijuana. He was cited and released. 

- CompIled By Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 5, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

\):) 'fOil 1lI1~~ 8ABlE5 
A~ ~ SI~~IlL? 
1W.f TI£~ C.W£ 

IMTOM~LD 
~ S\I\N~RS!' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~UQt.' AAUGIW! _.01-1, ITS JIJ~r A CO-JPL£ (j; ~~"'IES . 1''4£ GOT 
A \-\OLE 11-1 ~~ PQc.~ . 

"'rillE"'''' 

W\£I-\~'ltll. 'lOO \)1')(1l9S 
CERUJ1'l n\l~ 'fI1l)\ 
AMIIMl.S. '1(JJ <OIT 

I~SIlLIE\) . 
\ 

~\~ ~-

Professor Wins Award for History Book 
UCSD Professor of History and Chinese Studies Paul 

G. Pickowicl has been awarded the prestigious Joseph 
Levenson Prize for his 1991 book on 20th century China. 

Pickowicz and two co-authors. University of Wiscon-
sin Political Science Professor Edward Friedman and 
SUNY Binghamton Sociology Professor Mark Selden, 
were announced as"award winners at the recent Ass0-
ciation for Asian Studies annual meeting in Los Angeles. 
The three had spent 12 years collaborating on their book 
entitled Chinese Village, Socialist State, and are cur· 
rently at work on a sequel. 

Pickowicz is also completing work as associate 
producer of Mao's China, 1949-1976, a documentary 
film scheduled for broadcast on nationwide PBS early in 
1994. In addition. he is co-editing a book. New Chinese 
Cinemas, which will be published this year . 

Assemblyman Offers OffIce 
Jobs for College Students 

Local Assemblyman Jan Goldsmith (R·Poway), who 
represents the 75th District, has openings for college 
intems interested in local govemment. There are several 
openings available in the Poway district office for college 

juniors and seniors. Political science majors and any-
body interested in law or public policy are encouraged to 
apply. 

Hours for the positions are flexible with student 
schedules, and summer positions will be available. The 
intemship is not paid, although college credit can be 
earned. 

Interested students should contact the Office of 
Assemblyman Jan Goldsmith at (619) 486-5191, or 
send resumes to Assemblyman Jan Goldsmith, 12307 
Oak Knoll Road. Suite A, Poway, CA 92064. 

Aq .. MumMuseum PreS.nts 
'1he AquMum After Dak' 

The Scripps Institution of Oceanography's Stephen 
Birch Aquarium-Museum wIll present "Night Sleepers 
and Creepers: The Aquarium After Dark,· providing a 
glimpse into the ocean tanks at the aquarium before and 
after the sun goes down. . 

Fee for the evening tour is $14 for adults and $8 for 
children ages 7·13. Advance reservations are required. 
For reservations and information, call the Stephen Birch 
AquariumMuseum at 534-7523. 

The Guardian 
weather ,epof t 

Water temp: 
Mon: 67"/57" lu •• : 69'/56' Wed: 70'/57" Vesterday: 68'/56· 
Source : National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DOIGN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
IUUITRATOItI: Mlcha Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan Erlln . Speed Fams. Jennifer 
Hart. Dominic LOI>Ola. Alan Lund&ren. Adriano Mulloz. Katie Roe . .... Sponl 
DESIGNERS: Joel Arnold. Wilson CheUna. Cindy lin. Marcus Lobbla . Christopher 
Lock • 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: David Chao Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. jennifer Matthews. 
Lori Mitchell . Chuck Nauyen. jennifer Vann 

IIIf UCSD ~ is pulllsIlId MoftOIlI ftI 'IMOI!S""""1I'e -l'Ir I1j ftI !of 1I'e _ 
01 UCSO. ~ oI lIis newIIJII)et In Il"f fofm. wbeIhef In wtIoIe or In J*I. wiIIl!M pennission Is 
stttc:IIy proIIb1ed. e l993. all tfIIS _ ,- IIIf UCSD ~ ~ rot 1tSpOnSiClIe !of II'e '"'" 01 
1IlSOIidI!d~ or III. The -0IIItssed In~ 1W1d....., IetIen or ~ ell rot 
neoess.iy __ tile opiIjOnS 0I1IIf UCSD a.-. II'e ~ 01 CIIifoIria. or II'e 015_ 
SCUIorU. IIIf UCSD GIBdir> I. __ bJ _ .... N up. Cl_~. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing fditor 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIOUS, IUCICENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News fditor 

DAN McDOWELl, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIElEL, Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 
DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 
QREOO WRENN, Sports Editor 

.... I0Il IT""" WRITIRS: Jenny Galq. Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson. Brett 
Rhyne . Michael Schwartz. Sheryl Wolcott 
~:EJalneCamuso. KrI$1aCarpenter. AlbertGarlbaldI . KJrstenHaNel5on. 
BIlly Hwanc. Melissa Jacobs. Gaye Johnson. RodetIck Lee. wendy McNeill. Theresl 
Moore. Murall Moofthy. Julie Pal<. Paul Phillips. Ely Rlbanl . Blair Ridley. I(ara Sall. 
Ritu sex_. Alella J. Sherman. Julie Sherman. Katen Spiecet. Grecory StephenS 

cottY R£ADEIIS: Michelle Chlana. AtOn Miller. Jessie Sprlnaer. Mal·lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim lin 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Tlra Eoff 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AcNertlslng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdYertlslng Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

Editorial: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GIIIJIfIhM, 9500 GlIIIB'I Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actu", u.tion: Second Roof. UCSO SlIJ<*II Cent., Buildil'C 'A' 

Monday, April 5, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD on the Air with Channel 35 
MEDIA: New low-power 
broadcast station is the 
fIrst in the UC system 
ByD .... KnK.u 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD went on the air last month 
when the school's new television 
station, Channel 35, began broad-
casting original programming fo-
cused on campus events. Faculty 
lectures, music and theatre events 
and campus symposIa are among 
regularly aired programs. 

"We're really expanding the in- . 
credible resources at this university 
and offering it to people," said Di-
rector of Programming Rheyna 
Halpern. "It's providing primary-
source information." 

AccordIng to Associate Vice 
Chancellor of UCSD Extension 
Studies Mary Walshok, the station 
was developed to "acquire a high 
level of programming not addressed 
by local stations." 

The station, which consists of 
threefull-timestaffand l5freelance 
workers, seeks out campus events 
that will translate well to a televi-
sion audience and videotapes them 
using the station's three high-qual-
ity video cameras. 

The station also augments Its 
original programs with programs 
aquired from other sources. A p0-
etry series, a program from NASA, 
and "Open WIndows," a program 
produced at UC Berkeley, are just a 
few of the shows ChaJUlel 35 bor-
rows to expand its programmIng, 
Halpern said. 

"It's di fferent than anything else 
you 'll see on TV," said production 
coordinator and UCSD alumnus 
Beth Skinner. 

On Monday the theme Is public 
affairs, followed by arts on Tues-
day, humanities on Wednesday, 
health and medicine on Thursday, 
science on Friday, movIes on Satur-
day, and a presentation of the week's 
highlights on Sunday. 

In addition, a news show from 
Japan, Mexico, thePhilippines, Viet-
nam or China is aired in the native 
language of the country each week-
day at 5:30 p.m. 

U CD: Court denies 
Burnett's attempt to 
reverse dissolution 
Contlnued from pate 1 
advisory entity,! believe [Bumett's] 
case would be stronger," Peterson 
told the court. 

Aguilar said he wasn't surprised 
by the decision, and he said that the 
judge indicated that "the plaintiffs 
did not demonstrate a likelihood for 
prevailing in their request for de-
claratory relief." 

AguIlar added that he hopes the 
May 7 hearing will bring an end to 
the litigation process. 

BarkusalsomentionedBumett's 
grievance against Aguilar and UnI-
versity Center Director Jim 
Carruthers during the hearing, de-
spite the objections of Kelly, who 
considered the topic irrelevant to 
the case. 

ELECTION: 
Charges fIled against 
'Student Action Now' 
ContInued from pace 1 

"[Matt and I] filed the charges to 
make sure it was a clean electIon. 
Others don' t have the time, money 

Jason Ritchie/Guaroian 
UCS~1V DlnM:tor of ProgrammIne Rheyna Halpern mans the 
station's production equipment In the new VIsual Arts au,lclna. 

The programming schedule is 
composed of three-hour blocks that 
are aired between 5:00p.m. to 11:00 
p.m. every day .It also Includes com-
munity announcements such as an 
employment board and a special 
events calendar. 

According to Halpern and 
Walshok, Channel 35 has faith in 
the "dull TV" approach perfected 
by the C-SPAN network, which 
places cameras in courthouses and 
political forums natIonwide. 

"I think we're on therighttrack," 
Halpern said. "It's a good use of the 
mediu'!l of TV." 

"People want to have access to 
original sources of ideas. We're re-
all y committed to showing the work 
of the faculty and the music and an 
depanments on our channel. We 
have reason to believe there's an 
audience for us," Walshok said. 

The station, which is the UC 
system's first, has been on theairfor 
less than a month. According to 
Walshok, the station is still in its 
start-up phase and must first de-
velop itself in order to establish a 
steady viewership. 

"We really see the spring trial run 
as an experiment. Wehaven'tfound 
our audience yet," Walshok said. 

Walshok said she expects the 
station to do much more in the 1993-
94 school year. By next fall, for 
instance, the station hopes to be on 
cable with expanded programming 

Aguilar initiated an investiga-
tIon concerning Burnett's role in the 
General Store Co-op ' s alleged 
break-in at the Student Center's 
North Conference Room last No-
vember, but the Inquiry was later 
dropped due to lack of evidence. 

Burnett considers the Investiga-
tion harassment. A university hear-
ing is scheduled for Thursday to 
address Burnett's grievance. 

Burnett said that he was "disap-
pointed" by the decision but be-
lieved, as Peterson said, that the 
"merits of the case will be heard on 
the seventh [during the next sched-
uled hearing)." 

The UCB filed suit against the 
UC Regents and several members 
of the admInistration last Novem-
ber to gain access to University 
Center funds to hIre independent 
legal counsel. The counsel was to 
clarify the board's status relation-
ship with the university. 

and effort to work in their own of-
fice," Craig added. 

Tesak, whose Price Center of-
fice was the alleged violation, de-
nies any wrong doing. 

TesaksaidthatsheandA.S.Elec-
tions Manager Beth Gesson were 
talking in the Student Advocate 
Office while Siwabessy was typing 

hours. 
Halpern and Walshok also em-

phasized that student involvement 
will increase as the station moves 
out of the experimental phase of its 
operation. Currently. there is only 
one student intern at the station. 

"Right now there 's not enough 
production,"Walshoksaid. "There's 
a lot of manual and physical work 
and a minimumofproduction work." 

Walshok saId that as production 
activity expands. there will be many 
more opportunities for students to 
work at the station. 

"We have a real commitment to 
having student interns," she said. 
"We very much want students to 
have the opportunity to experience 
a real, working station." 

Halpern said that policies are 
currently being developed concern-
ing student programming and that 
hopefully in the near future student 
work will be broadcast on the air. 

"You ' ll see [student involve-
ment] increase quaner by quarter, 
year by year," Halpern said. 

Technical advisor Sherman 
George said he was "amazed" by 
the range of the signal and said it is 
beIng receIved in areas as far away 
as Julian and Los Angeles near the 
LAX airport. 

However, Walshok said that be-
cause the signal is on UHF, the 
topography of the area determines 
who can receive the signal. 

The process was complicated 
when Watson "disestablished" the 
board on Feb. 4 for actions he con-
sidered inconsistent with its role as 
an advisory board. 

An orientation meeting formem-
ber organizations of the new Vice 
ChanceIlor'sAdvisory Board on the 
University Centers is scheduled for 
Wednesday, according to Aguilar. 
A majority of member organiza-
tions have continued to boycott the 
new board, but Aguilar indicated 
that Friday's decision may have an 
effect on future participation. 

Associated Students President 
Mike Holmes said that he will at-
tend the meeting as an unofficial 

- representative for the A.S. , which 
has been participating in the boy-
cott. 

Holmes said that the A.S. does 
nol yet have any firm plans to ap-
point an official representati ve to 
the Advisory Board. 

up notes on her personal battery- . 
operated computer. 

"He was typing up notes for ideas 
for next year on my computer in the 
Student Advocate office. [Beth and 
I] were not even talking about elec-
tions," she said. 

Craig and Mayo filed the com-
See ELEcnON, Page 7 

NEWS 3 

N A I L SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 
Tip OveNy Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
FIberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

M..,lcures • Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

11111 AND WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Nell vllicl willi My _ on..... Expires..-' &93 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

l:?[}u@ ~@& 1J [7J@wD@W @®QJJ[f©@ 
6y Cofum6ia ~vie.w 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSIClANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSlVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D. 's, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and wriling workshops laughl by a lOp UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of delailed in·class instruclion and testing. 
problem solving. reading/wriling workshops. review groups, med school 
application and admissions trategies. and tUloring 

·1600 PAGES of original lake-home review notes and fonnula sheels. 
reading and writing sludy guides. MCAT and admissions slrategy 
handouts. problem sets and limed exams written by MCAT expens 

• REAL MCAT lesting for bolh in·class and lake-home practice 
• DlRECT CONTACT with physicians and currenl medical students 
• TUTORING and MeAT LIBRARY privileges included 
• LOWER TillTION lhan olher courses 

APPLY NOW! 

San Diego 's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 



GUARDIAN FEATURES 

IICItmAY. APRIL5,1993.'~4 

: '~:';'~"j~~> .. ~ ... ~~!, ~.' f...'~.;: 
'.; .' . ~ 

~" .. ~ ""'~' ~ . 
. , :..~ • ", 7,. " ~ .; ..... 

. ... ,;;. ~ ~ . .. 
. "", 

Under the 

• Local studellts Ive to tel about 
lie In the most notorious cults 
BY BEN FREUND, FEATURES EDITOR 

u.EN BEIU..fEIN UKED TO FEEL devoted to the things 
that were important to her. She was devoted to 
healing the world. she was devoted to the Rever-
end Sun Myung Moon, and on this night of terror 
in 1981,!he San Diego State University graduate 
was devoted to punching her fist through the 
bedroom window. 

She 'knew it was her only hope for escape. 
(After a lifetime of living in various states of 
despair. Berlfein was no stranger to escape.) 

Confronted with !he bloody and lacerated flesh 
of her broken hand. she reasoned, even her kid-
nappers, these henchmen of Satan. would be 

forced to rush her to the hospital. There, she could more easily 
break free and flee from the clutches of her family. back into the 
fold of the cult of the Moonies. 

She remembered a story she had been told about a heroic 
Moonie who had escaped a similar situation by forcing her 
captors to take her to the hospital. and decided she would have 
to repeat !he trick. Summoning all of her courage and strength. 
Berlfein repeatedly struck with clenched fist at !he glass panes 
of her bedroom window that night. "But by some act of God, the 
window didn't break. I felt so defeated and pissed off." she said. 

Just a few hours earlier that November day in 1981, Berlfein 
had been selling flowers in front of a Texas donut shop when she 
was abducted by several men hired by her family, and driven to 
a remote house for "deprogramming,"the process of readjust-
ing a cultist's mind to normal, rational patterns of thought. 

"I was furious," says Berlfein. explaining that she had heard 
deprogrammers were all violent Satan-worshippers. and worst 
of all, were usually successful. 

It was six years earlier !hat Berlfein had become a zealous 
follower of the Reverend Moon and his notorious Unification 

See CULTS, Page 5 

..... ............ ,',,,,' 

_.-

Monday, AprilS, 1993. The UCSD Guardian 

CULTS: Locals They would tell me that !hey were search for meaning in her life. Soon 
recount the horrors of going to go to our Bible study and [ after moving to Sanla Rosa. she met was scared to even say that I was an amicable woman who claimed to 
life as a cult member involved with that group and thatthey belong to the Creative Community 

really should not get involved. be- Project, which she described as a rural 
ContInued from pep 4 cause of the fear of getting marked," group dedicated to feeding the hun-
Church. which found itself thrust into she recalls. gry. Berlfein soon discovered !hat the 
the national spotlight in the late 1970s Today there are about three mil- name was a pseudonym for the Unifi-
when theexploits ofits fanaricalleader lion members in as many as 2,500 cation Church. 
and "brainwashed" members gradu- different cults, many of which rou- The woman invited Berlfein over 
ally became known to the outside m for a group dinner, and the newcomer world. was entranced by the warm and It was also around !hat time that friendly atmosphere of the gathering. 
details surfaced about the activities I felt like I had fOWld At the feast. she met what appeared to 
and recruiting practices of a number be some of the most loving. whole-
of other cults, including the [ntema-

my purpose in the 
some people she had yet known. They 

tiona I Society for Krishna Conscious- built a campfrre together in the park 
ness, the Church of Scientology, and and sang songs. That night. the group 
the Church of Christ, from which 

world. My life made invited Berlfein to join them on a SDSU junior Valenka Schroff recently weekend retreat on their farm near 
escaped. Mendocino, and she eagerly agreed 

Both women agreed to share their 
sense, all the to go. 

emotional cult experiences for this The experience fulfilled her long-
story, regardless of the possible con- denied fanlasy ofliving in a beautiful, 
sequences associated with speaking suffering made sense. rural community with a loving group 
out against such groups. of people. and at !he same time ac-

''I'm kind of anxious about it get-
EllEN 8ERLFEIN 

complishing something positive for 
ting printed, to tell you the truth," humanity. 
Schroff admits, "but it's got to be SDSU graduate, Ex-Moonie For !he fITSt month she was there. 
done. I feel like, if[ don't do it. then no 

m 
she loved it; she was in heaven. How 

one's going to do it, and then some could she have guessed that the whole 
more students are going to get in- affair. including the Moonies' now-
volved." tinely search for converts on college infamous "love bombing" was totally 

Schroff knows that for publicly campuses. reports UC Berkeley psy- staged? 
denouncing the Church of Christ. she chology professor and cult expert "I felt like I had found my purpose 
will be "marked," a term used to Margaret Singer. For the unsuspect- in !he world, my life made sense, all 
describe vocal ex-members like her- ing and uninformed student, the draw the suffering I went through made 
self. of these dangerous groups can seem sense," Berlfein recalls. "But I didn't 

"When you're in it, they really quite alluring and altogether inno- know what the lifestyle was going to 
instill !his fear of getting marked as cent. be like after that fITSt month. I didn't 
the worst thing that could happen to Hooked .., .... Deception know what [ was getting into. [ didn '( 
you. It took me a long time to even Berlfein had been in college for know who the group was, I dido't 
start talking out against them," says two years, but was still unsure of what know that it was going to be religious. 
Schroff. "Before, [was scared to death it was she wanted to get out of her That was slowly revealed. and I defi-
to even tell my classmates about it. education. so she took a year off to nitely wouldn't have joined if I knew 

TI calculators 
work harder. 

To help you work 
smarter. 

11-81 A powerful, yet easy .. to .. 
use graphics calculator. 

S'ALE $ 86.75 reduced 
from $90.95, while supplies last. 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

SPECTACLE S 

how rigorous the life was going to fabricated. or else they exaggerate 
be." what amount to minimal gestures. 

The scenario was similar to that The harsh tru!h, Singer says, is 
encountered by Schroff. a transfer that cults as a matter of course employ 
student from Norway who felt some- all the time-honored methods of sys-
what lonely and disoriented upon her tematic thought control. 
arrival. She was immediately be- The Citizens Freedom Founda-
friended by students whom she later tion, a national watchdog organiza-
learned were members of the Church tion which focuses on cult activities, 
of Christ. Soon after making !heir reports that many cults maintain their 

m members in a state of heightened sug-gestibility through unhealthy changes in sleep and diet. intense spiritual 
I just felt like I was exercise. incessant indoctrination and 

tightly controlled group experiences. 

being suffocated. I 
During heryear as acultist. Schroff 

developed such a profound depen-
dency on the church thatsheneverdid 

just could not get anythingspontaneouslyoronherown. All of her friends were members of 
the church because relations with non-

away from these members were strictly forbidden. Berlfein was convinced that if she 
left the organization, she would be 

people. emotionally devastated, and was told 
that everyone outside the church was 

VAUNKA SCHROFF 
suffering in freakish misery. 

After an early-morning awaken-
SDSU junior, Ex-cultist ing and prayer session, Schroff would 

m 
go to school for the day, all the while 
devising new schemes to meet people 
and bring them to Bible talks or to the 

acquaintance. she agreed to join the church. She says these plans were the 
group and move in with her new sole and ceaseless occupation of her 
friends. And if it had been left up to thoughts. 
them, she says, she wouldn't have If it happened that the particular 
moved out - ever . individual she had approached didn't 
.,.., ....... seem open to conversion, she would 

According to Dr. Singer. cults have immediately forget that person and 
two basic purposes: recruiting new move on to the next potential devotee. 
members and fundraising. To dis- Living in this manner, she was unable 
guise this embarrassing fact. the to establish any meaningful contact 
groups will usually claim to make with the outside world. 
worthwhile social contributions, but For Berlfein, each day began at 
these assertions are either completely See CULTS, Page 8 

Let Our Personal AHention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

Th~ Print.:.cton Rt:view knows thai 
sn1:J1I cJao;rell arc essential in order 
10 gel a higher score on your 
graduate school exam. 
That 's why our class('s range from 
12 to 15 student. and are gruupc'tl 
by shared strengths and 
wcaknesCies. If you "('cd extra 
help. your instructur will work 
wilh you- In person- until you fully 
undcrsumd the material . 

Our "nail classes produce big 
results. Consider our ayerage' score 

imrroyemenl~ . 
LSAT - 10 points 
OMAT - 85 poinls 
ORE - 215 points 
MeAT - J points 

Tesl prep with a personal touch and 
guaranlced r",ults; Ihat's The 
Princeton Review. 

THE ~ PRINCETON ~ 
REVIEW _ 

W. Score More 

61 9-558-0500 

G-FIT® AEROBICS 

Thf UCSD Bookstore Electronics Department e 534AJ20 
1 lOURS: Mon ~ Fri, 8 am· 6 pm & Sat, 10 am ~ 5 pm 

$22 per month on a monthly basis -No Initiation Fee (with this ad) 
- Free weights. Nautilus. Lifecycles • Stalrmasters 

BEING FIT® 3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Clairemont Square ShoppIng Center ' - near Lee Words. behind Famous Footwear 483-929. 
0150 1oc00ed nea sosu (696-17fJl) 



6 SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, AprilS, 1993 

Somewhat, usually when the 
news is on lhe from page. 

HHENH 
Do You FOllOW 
CAMPus pormes? No, becmtse it is a bunch of b.s. 

DENNIS HONG 
Revelle Senior Photos and Interviews by 

SONNY EsIAMPOUR 
Wa1"mn Senior DAN McDoWFll AND DANNY RusPINI 

Not really because it seems 
like they are always rattling off 
about fee increases and budget 
cuts. 

BoBDA~ 
Muirjunior 

ot really, it doesn't seem too 
important to me. 

JEAN ZEE 
Muir Sophomore 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mltsublahi Isuzu Acura 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check dutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $(50) 

1. Compression test 
2. Valve adjustment 11 . $1 timing 20. Lube Iront end . 26. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. A t dwell angle 21 . Check & replenIsh all batteries. il necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. I ~relor lluid & Olt levels 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14. Adjust aor & fuel ratio 22. Chec:X electncal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Dlstnbutor points. mIxture 23. Check for loose & lost 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steering box bolts ' 32. CheCk all holders 
7. Air filter. 16. Adjust clutch 24. Chec:X brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. 0ilfiner. 17. Ad!"s! brakes 25. Chec:X ctutch hoses 
9. Gas lilter. and 16. Adjust eme~gency brakes 26. Check hghts . 34. Check exhaust system 

10. Engine oil 19. Chedl & adJUst exposed 27. Check undercarnage 35. Road tesl 
belts for damages 

Nol.: lor 6-cyhnder car. add $20. Toyoll Supra • . add $30. DOlSUn 200SX .. ", 8 JpOrk plugs. add $35. 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job SpeCial (reg. $80) 

~ .nl • Front or rear. 
. .. e rel"ace. . 1. Install special new pads Brake job includes: 

1. TransmIssIOn Input shalt 4. ThrowOUl bearing or i~stall rear brake shoes 
seat (excepl Hondas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain oid brake "uid 6. Adjlost Iront (II drums) 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road lest hydraulic system 7. Replace front rotor 
NOte: HydraulIC pans are nol covered. NOllor 4WD. Fronl wf1 .. , 
dl'lve I!tldr3. 

4. Refill hydraulic Iluid seals (~ rotor. turn) 
5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road tesl 

Note: Hydraulic parts are not Induded. 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices include parts and labor. 

overseas 
AuUnotIWI Rlplil. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695-1990 

•••••••• 
With this ad. Expires 4118193 

Cafl lor appointment. 

Too'Jl"q .1"(111 111.1 (.,' ."oI,l"bl .. r.10 'cL,y f "0.11 ,. 30 "'" b pm Open Saturday. 

Usually not because J don't 
feel that I'm well informed. 

DAVESENA 
Muir Frosbman 

J follow the issues more than 
the people mnning. 

CoURTNEY THOMPSON 
Revelle Froshman 

LIFE AFTER UCSD 
Find out the many directions you can go 

with your B.A. degree. 
straight talk from people who know -- UCSD Alumni. 

*getting that first job with your B.A. degree 
*marketing existing skills 
*how to develop contacts 
*the value of internships 
*question and answer session 

April 6, 1993 
C;illlc~ry 8 , PrlCt: Center 

3·40.ln 
f- fH: E: 

dlllJ rlderq r ddLJ(l!eS wclccl'rc I 

sponsored by the UCSD Alumni Association and the 
Department of Sociology 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

Revelle Senior Honored 
With Tree, Plaque 
TRAGEDY: Bob Watson remembered 
during ceremony; he died last December 
By MeIIua Jacobi 
Staff Writer 

Family and friends gathered near the Revelle Provost's 
office Saturday to bid a final good-bye to Revelle senior 
Bob Watson, who died after a car accident last December. 
The group planted a small eucalyptus tree with a plaque in 
Watson's honor. 

Watson. a native of Coronado. is survived by his parents 
and four siblings. three brothers and a sister. His older 
brother, Robert, remembered him as "full of life." 

"He was the closest person to me in my life," he said. 
Watson's father, Hugh, added. "Bob was our youngest, 

and we really miss him a great, great deal." 
The ceremony was organized by Revelle Provost Tom 

Bond and Revelle Dean Ernie Mon. "We wanted to 
dedicate the tree .as a living reminder and symbol of 
Roben," said Mort. 

Bond agreed, saying, "I hope this [tree] will be a place 
to come and be with yourthoughts, and that you can always 
come by and see this very special place." 

Theceremony was also anended by fuends and co-workers 
from Soft Reserves, where Watson had been employed. 

The 22-year-old was on his way to UCSD during a 
rai nstonn on Dec. 7 when he lost control of his car. He died 
four days after the accident at the UCSD Medical Center. 

RE 
OZE 
Long·stemmed Roses 

Camations, Lilies 
EVERYTHING! 

Show your UCSD 10 
Exp.5/5/93 

Cash and carry only 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-8888 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concern, but seiling 

what you sell is. 
........ AdvertI ..... 1M-I ••• 

rparis" 
$199 ·· 

AnI ......... 
... rieI 
.ilan 
London 

$1"* 
$1"* 
$1"* 
$1"* 

'NI _ 1ft ucII_ bIsed on_ • ........,_ '_';""'1 
chose. T....s I'd ircfuded. Some 
____ rreyb£~. 

..... 

_ . . , .. 

.. ..... ...., ... 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price Center (by !he Post Office) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian 

EI.ECTION: Slate may have 
broken A.S. election bylaws 
ContInued from PIlle 3 
plaint after witnessing the alleged incident. charging the slate 
with working on its campaign while on ASUCSD premises, 
according to Tesak. 

Tesak said that the complaint is only part of a long process 
of petty politicking. "We're not looking at violations for 
anybody else. It's petty politicking and I 
hate it. I don't think wedidanything wrong. 
1 wish people wo.uld concentrate their en-
ergieson more producti ve things, like help-
ing students," Tesak said. 

Both Mayo and Craig said that they are 
not looking to disqualify Student Action 
Now or slander them, but only to uphold 
the bylaws. 

"Petty politicking would be if I was 
going to single out specific people and 
accuse them. Anyone violating the bylaws 
should be reported. 

"Ihavenoobjection [to] anyone getting 
into office - I would just like to see 
everyone playing by the rules. Everyone 
has an equal chance. I'm not trying to get these people 
disqualified," Mayo said. 

Craig added that the A.S. Elections Committee will prob-
ably not disqualify Student Action Now, but only give them 
awaming. 

"It'll be a slap on the hand. We are not expecting them 
to get disqualified forthis . We didn'tfile in order to be petty 
or vindictive. [Matt and I] knew it was wrong. Every time 

NEWS 7 

a violation is commined, it is up to us to file charges," she 
said. 

Commissioner of operations candidate Greg Bakken 
filed a counter-<;<>mplaint. which he later withdrew, when 
Craig and Mayo misspelled his last name in the original 
charge. . 

"I felt personally attacked because they maliciously mis-
spelled my name. I know it's hard for people to understand 
this, but I felt they were taking my identity away," he said. 

Mayo said that corrections of Bakken 's 
name have been made on all copies of the 
complaint filed. 

"We accidentally misspelled his name 
- it was a complete oversight. [It was not 
meant to be] malicious slander," he said. 

Siwabessy said that he believes Mayo 
and Craig have no case. 

"When they filed the grievance, they 
did not say how we violated the bylaw. If 
we don't have the specifics, how can we 
prepare a defense?" Siwabessy said. 

"It's really sad, because it undennines 
the whole idea of the elections, which is 
focusing on the issues. It's like Duran and 
Holmes all over again," he said, referring 

to last year's A.S. election bout between the two presidential 
candidates as a similar situation which only served to need-
lessly delay the election process. 

Gesson declined to comment on the accusations, citing the 
integrity of the A.S. Elections Committee. 

The committee hearing on the charges is scheduled for 4 
p.m. today on the third floor of the Price Center in the A.S. 
Council chambers. 



8 SPECTACLE 

CUI:rs: Fonner 
members reveal a life 
of toil and deception 
CUi .................. S 
five in the morning (after just four 
hours of sleep). when the Moonies 
begin marathon chanting and prayer 
sessions which last until nine. Then 
they take to the streets. spending the 
whole day out recruiting people. con-
stantly approaching sttangers and in-
viting them over for a visit that nighL 
8erIfein never had a moment free to 
do anything for herself. but hardly 
cared. because she had no money to 
spend anyway. 

Home by six. hopefully with a 
guest. she would join the group of 
members and new visitors and settle 
in for dinner and the evening pr0-
gram. which usually featured discus-
sions and slide shows. 

"The whole time you're having 
the evening program. your whole in-
tention is to get your guest to sign up." 
says Berlfein. "You're praying in yoUr 
head. and everything you're doing is 
for this person. constantly bombard-
ing them with how wonderful they 
are. And you never leave them alone. 
you never let them talk to other guests." 
Fanatics, Inc. 

Because the primary purpose of a 
cult is to generate revenue for the 
officers at its highest levels. most 
cults are run like any other business. 
with a few expected modifications. 

"They have an office. They have 
an exquisite office." laughs Schroff. 
She and the other disciples of the 
Church of Christ were required to 
tithe. but that was a mere token show 
ofsupponwhen compared to the small 
fortunes they were periodically re-
quested to supply. 

Schroff recalls participating in a 
fundraising walk-a-thon held osten-
sibly to benefit the poor. After the 
event. church officials carefully 
counted the revenue. Upon discover-
ing that they had fallen just short of 
their goal of $250.000. officials re-
quested that the members please sup-
ply the last $20.000. 

'''They were trying to foster this 
sense of community, that this is all 
one big family and we all have to chip 
in. But l.don·t know what happened to 
that money," says Schroff. 

As a top-selling member of a 
Moonie Mobile Fundraising Team 
for two years. Berlfein hocked a field-
full of flowers. During one year alone 
she earned close to $100,000. all of 
which she dutifully delivered into the 
waiting hands of the cult leadership. 

In unloading the truckloads of 
blooms. Berlfein seems to have dem-
onstrated that she retained a remarlc-
able degree of consciousness through-
out her ordeal. considering her appar-
ent"brainwashing." She wasn't a pro-
grammed robot; she still had her wits 
about her. 

"I was sharp. I had to be, to figure 
out how to sneak into places. how to 
convince people." muses Berlfein. "I 
got so bored selling flowers, 1 had to 
come up with creative ideas. 1 don't 
like the term • brainwashed. ' 1 think 1 
was confmed in my thinking; I had 
tunnel vision. I just had a more re-
stricted range of information that I 
would allow myself to believe." 

While conceding that many ex-

The UCSD Guardian 

cultists would accuse the groups of 
engaging in covert "brainwashing," 
Berlfein believes thedevotees all made 
a conscious choice to give in. "I al-
lowed them to convince me." she 
says. "I still was an individual. I just 
repressed my questioning. Doubts 
would rise up. and my fear would 
inhibit me from acknowledging 
them." 

Schroffdisagrees. She recalls with 
a knowing smile the conversations 
she had with fellow cult members. 
"Women in the church have to be 
totally submissive. At that time. I was 
so brainwashed that it didn't even 
seem that unnormal. I even remember 
times when we were discussing. 'Oh, 
they saywe're brainwashed •• or some-

WRITE FOR 5PECTHCLE 
. . __ -.S I EPS Announc •• : 

Sfv1lWT1COLLEGE MONeY 
AVAILABLE!!! 

STUDENTS. if you are presently attend Ina college or you plan to within a 
year. let 'IIfARTSTE,.. locate your needed funds. 
'IIfAIrTSTlI'S utilizes a vast database of UNUSED .RANTS. SCHOLAR· 
SHIPS, and other funding sources nationwide which matches your 
,.raon.1 profile with them for a nominal processing fee of $99 (credit 
cards OK). 
You will receive a U.S •• o'ern .... nt Bond in an amount greater than your 
processing fee in the unlikely event that you do not obtajn funding. 
ACT NOWI Do not hesitate to apply because of your academic record, 
parents' financial status, or any other reason . Mall a card to: 
'IIfAIfTSTI,.., 41.30 La Jona VII .... Dr. 110761. La Jolla CA .203 7, to 
raceive a free brochure and application kit. . 

FAX: (819)558-STEP , 

Rising College Costs 
Getting You Down? 

ARE YOU IN NEED OF ADDITIONAL: 
• Scholarships 
• Grants 
• Financial Aid 

LET OUR SCHOLARSHlP-
MATCHING SERVICE HELP 

• 100% Money-back 
Iluarantee 

• No GPA or age 
requirement 

FA.CT: 
1990·91 Gradlla/~s {Will UCSD hod 

all al 'ual1~ d~hr of O\ '~r SH.500 
LET us HELP REDUCE OR 

ELIMINATE YOURS 
FOR INFORMA110N SEND YOUR 

NAME. AOORESS AND PHONE' TO: 
R.C ENTERPRISES 

P.OBoIII~15 
Wauwalosa, WI 53226 

thing along the lines of. 'We're not 
brainwashed.' But. I mean. if you're 
brainwashed you don't even realize 
you're brainwashed. so you're not 
able to judge it." 

The process of disassociating her-
self from the Church of Christ has 
been slow and painful for Schroff. 
who has only recently come to be-
lieve that her ordeal may be over at 
long last. Toward the end of her first 
year in the cult. Schroff began to feel 
guilty about her slipping grades. and 
when church officials started to sug-
gest that she fly back to her native 
Scandinavia to start a branch of the 
church there. she made up her mind to 
get out for good. 

For Berlfein. quitting the life of a 

5.l-5226 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

in the parldng lot of 

a donut shop. They 

puDedupJnavan 

and a couple guys 

got out. I though~ 

'Wow! This is going 

to be a big sale.' Then 

they opened the side 

door of the van and a 

couple more guys 

got out. I thought, . 

'Wait a minute!' Then 

they grabbed me and 

threw me in the van. 

ElLEN 8JilW:EIN 
SDSU graduate, kidnapped 
from a cult by her parents 

cultistcold-turkey was never a longed-
for possibility. She was quite content 
with her relationship with the 
Moonies. though in retrospect she 
shudders at the thought of the cult's 
more sinister aspects. But if it hlKl not 
been for the decisive action of her 
parents. Berlfein would still likely be 
a follower of Reverend Moon. 

The initial days after her abduc-
tion in 1981 were difficult for Ber-
Ifein. But after a three-month stay in 
an Ohio rehabilitation center. she was 
eventually able to corne to terms with 
the deception and abuse she had suf-
fered in the cult of Reverend Moon. 
and gradually piece her life back to-
gether. starting at the point where she 
had left off six years before. 

Paid 
PosItIons 
Available 

Your Future Looks Bright 
How About Your Teeth? 

Whiten Your Teeth Before Your Summer Tan 
Teeth Bleaching 
Student Spedal $199.00 

Dr. Tom Wiggin 
12750 Cannel Country Rd. Suire 209 

San Diego, CA 92130 
755-7805 

* D • • T I • T ~ , 

SPECIAL ELECTION IssUE 

MONDA Y, APRlL 5, 1993 PAGE 01 

The Guardian Takes its Hnnual Look at the B.S. Elections 

Roger Kuo/ Guarl1ian 

PRE5IDEnTIHL [HnDIDHTE InTERIUElH5 ........ 02 
6URRDIRn EnnOR5EMEnT5 ...................... 04, 09· 
REFEREnDH .............................................................. 011 

ore than any other campus-wide 
election in recent history, the 
1993 Associated Students' elec-
tions are likely to playa crucial 
role in shaping the future of 
student government at UCSD. 
Why the sudden importance? 
What could have transformed 
this normally tedious rite of 

spring into such a landmark moment for the A.S.? 
The culprit is that oft-repeated but seldom-ful-
fIlled cry of student autonomy. 

In past elections, A.S. autonomy was a pie-in-
the-sky pipe dream, a pretty slogan for candidates 
to banter back and forth in order to make them-
selves seem more intelligent. But somewhere on 
the road to nowhere, a funny thing happened-an 
autonomous AS. began to seem like an attainable 
goal, Credit AS, President Mike Holmes and the 
rest of this year's council for that. Between the 
ongoing negotiations, a flurry of bylaw revisions 
and other council actions, the groundwork for 
autonomy has been set. Now it 's time to move on 
to the next level, and it is the incomingAS. council 
that will be faced with the daunting task of devis-
ing and implementing a feasible autonomy scheme, 
circumstances which cast an especially harsh spot-
light on the men and women who would be king. 

It is somewhat disheartening, although hardly 
surprising, that so few candidates decided to brave 
the maelstrom of this year's campaign. But while 
the quantity of candidates has diminished from 
recent years, the same cannot necessarily be said 
of quality. Indeed, a number of the candidates for 
the various offices are more than just qualified or 
competent - some are downright impressive. 

The endorsements on 04 and 09 represent the 
majority opinion of the Guardian editorial board 
- Editor in Chief Ben Boychuk, Managing Edi-
tor Eric Schmidt, News Editor Francisco DeVries 
and Opinion Editor Philip Michaels. The candi-
dates for executjve and commi sioner po itions 
were interviewed by the editorial board. Senate 
candidates responded to a two-question survey. 



2 SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION The UCSD Guardian Monday, AprilS, 1993 

IlliIIMlml~"1 
Candidates speak out on student issues 

D.R. B8HT8LOTT8 ................ "/ want to see the A.S. work toward reincorporating disenfranchised groups." 
a..... Could,. .... .... 
,.. ... ,1_ ....... wIIIch 
,.. ..... r ......... jabfll 
A.a............, 

BanaJotta: I've held positions on the 
Revelle College Council, and I'm pres-
entlythevicechairofthecouncil.] also 
presently serve as the AS. represe/lla-
tive, the [Revelle College] senior sena-
tor to the AS. I'm also the chair of the 
HwnanReJatjonsCommiuee.I'vespent 
three years on the AS. Judicial Board. 
I've been Revelle representative to the 

University CenIer Board. 
.... ,.. ..... uca ........ 
,.. .......... 1 '''!IJMII? 

J left Jan. I, so Rob Spector took. 
over, and during his term. it was 
disestablished. However. I was there for 
the initiation of the lawsuit 
.... ,. .... becM_,.. ...... 
..... ...., 

No. I left because things were get-
ting sticky. and at Revelle College. 
thc'e's not much support for the maner 
in which the University Center Board 

filed their lawsuit I don't reaIly want to . 
go into detail about that, but Rob was 
supposed to continue. 
ConIInue wbIIt? 

Rob was supposed to continue on 
the University Center Board, where I 
stopped because I became an AS. se-
nior senator on Jan. I. so we just traded 
positions. Could,. ..... little bit about 
,.. poeIIIan rt. AC .... uca 
wIIIthe ............. ..... 
.................... 

,... .... , 
Sure. We had what's called a legal 

committee meeting for the University 
Center Board four days before the law-
suit was initiated. I was told that a suit 
was going to be filed by a lawyer repre-
senting the University Center Board, 
and this lawyer was going to file on 
Monday at 3 p.m. Now I did not know 
how to respond to that because I feel that 
suing the re,gents is sort of a serious 
decision. I took the decision back to my 
council and asked that my council de-

cide whether or not we should endorse 
the University Center Board's lawsuit 
I nied to give them as much information 
as I could without disclaiming attomey-
client privilege, and our college came to 
theconclusionthat it was not inRevelle's 
best interest to be a member in that 
suit.. .. 
WIllI .. ,... ........ opINon 01 
altIIIs? 

Thelawsuitmaybewell-intentioned, 
but the way they went about it was 

See BARTALOTTA, Page3 

RanDOLPH SIWRBESSY ............................. "we mlMt chnnge the A.S.Council to a more task-oriented body." 
~ COUld you tt.t out by 
..... ,... 6xpII .... ,.want 
IDthejab1 

Siwabessy: My experience that 
would qualify me for the position of 
president would be this year I was vice 
president administrative of the A.S. 
Council, and the year before that I was 
the commissioner of public relations. 
With commissioner of public relations, 
I learned about the AS. Council, but in 
terms of leadership experience that's 
really importantfortheposition of presi-

dent, I learned tTom Asian-Pacific is-
landers Student Alliance, where I was 
the v ice chaiJperson, and also from the 
Indonesian Student association where I 
was the president Also my involve-
ment this year with the negotiations 
with the autonomy question and other 
matters also qualities me, I think. for 
president 
WhIII's,.., ........ " What .. 
............. ,..'d .. ID 
.... _1 

There are a lot of main issues, but 

one thing that I think is very important is 
to change the A.S. Council from a mere 
legislative body to a more task -oriented, 
issue-oriented body. As presidenl, it 
would be my role, my job. to lead the 
council to achieve that goal. One way to 
do this is educating the council about 
campus issues. We all realize that in the 
past councils, we have a lot of organized 
efforts to detail with internal matters, 
with bureaUClClC)', which is necessary .... 
And we also have an organized effOlt to 
deal with external affairs, things that are 

external to our campus. However, there 
hasn't been enough effort to deal with 
campus-wide issues such as parlcing. 
altemative housing .... This is where we 
can use the senators and the commis-
sioners to do the job. One step to take to 
educate the council is by, .. going up to 
the students. Last month, we had a 
Revelle student corne up to us telling us 
that he had a food poisoning case be-
cause he went to ReveUeDiningCafete-
ria He told us we needed to change the 
dining problems here; that the dining 

facilities on this campus were bad, basi-
cally. When he came to us, the Student 
Advocate Office wenl to inspect all of 
the facilities and found out, actually. thai 
it was spotless. But the Student Advo-
cate Office. with help tTom the A.S. 
Council and John Barnes. who took the 
lead with the Housing and Dining Com-
minee, took charge, went to all of the 
dining facilities and found out what was 
necessary .... We should expect every 
single student who has a problem with 

See SIWABESSY, Page 3 

J RMES R. HILL ............................................................................... "we need to get more students involved. " 
....... wt.t ........ do 
you ........... ,..,...,.. 
.. quaIIIed far .... paeIIon ~ 
A.a. PI'eIIIIent'l 

Hill: I'm doing a variety of things, 
I'd have to say. I stanedoffasa member 
of Community Programming Board for 
Third College when I was a freshman. 
We programmed alI kinds of events for 
the college. I also did Third College 
Judicial Board freshman year, and I 
went on to become the chair of that my 
sophomoreyear. Cwrently.I'mthechair 
of the Third College Student Council, 

but beyond alI of that, I've done stuff 
outside of basic leadership. I think that 
I have a diverse background in doing 
things like ['m on the crew team cur-
rently. I'm also member of the fraternity 
Sigma Alpha Mu. Done things with 
AAsu and a bunch of other organiza-
tions on campus. I think that's about it. 
WIllI moth .... J'OU ID run for 
.......-m .... ,..., 

What motivated me 10 run? A lot of 
things actually. I was looking for an-
other thing to do, the next step for 
leadership. I wanted to do something 

!Dr. S."y O.D. 
• • visioncare 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

• • 
6780 Miramar Road 

2 miles east of 805 
(behind earl's Jr.) 

578-6796 
- --T------,------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I D"., W .. eo.tplete I COMBO SET I 

I $89 I I 
INCLUDES 
• Eye exam I OC Science I $35 00 OFF I ExtIlllH .. c:..ItIe • I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
• Fashion frames I I combo. Choose from I 
• Precision ground B & L 04 alar e sel ct' f 

lenses S.V. I DIsposables I ' g e Ion a I 
I $9900 I $139~;'l:' I framesandlenses I 
I I .~~,,!~:'~:':~p I $35°0 I 
I I A~~ ~00!i ~~ ~~ds"'ln I OFF I L _ COMPLET~ _1.. ~ ~~ ~~ 4/3OIIl3 J. ______ -.J 

again. I wanted to stay within the lead-
ership, I should say. I saw the AS. as the 
next step for me. ~ 
What lI*IfIc ...... do you ... 
In mind ... ,. really want 
....... d I' you .... AS. ..... I_1t? 

I know that there's always the same 
old issues of things like student au-
tonomy and the co-ops and all of that. I 
don't have to say that I'm for the stu-
dents. I mean that's prenymuchagiven. 
What I want to do is unite the student 
body in order to deal with these issues 
better. And] can see from past elections, 

3 min. from UCSD 

FLOWER 
BASKET 

DOZEN 
ROSES 
Long stem $ 

Cash and carry on ly. Please presenl 
UCSO ID. Exp. 5/5/93. 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
in the Ralph 's Center 

Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. 
Open daily 8 am-8 pm 
455-5545 

the student turnoul for voting is not very 
exuberant, I guess Icould say, say 10, 15 
percent at most. I'd like to see more 
students at least get out there and vote 
and be more into the issues on campus. 
I'd like to deal with that however I can. 
How? 

How would I deal with that? 
,'W ......... __ ........... 
now far 4,..-., ... thIt_ 
ID be ..... .., CCIIlCIfIL How 
do,. ........... vaee1How 
do,.. .......... lDbe ... 
..twI1Howdoyou .. ........ 

unIIIed'l 
One thing is there is a lack of school 

spirit on this campus. 1 can tell that. 
There needs to be more things entertain-
ment-wise for the students, more things 
that are fun, more things that will bring 
thestudents together and like this school. 
[t seems like students don't like this 
school for one reason or another. They 
feel pressured by the regents and things 
have been brought against them and it's 
beyond their control. So they're really 
just here to get their education and get 

See HILL, Page 10 

P£AI(/#~£( 
SALON 

Invitational 
Offer * 

• FOR FIRST-TIME CLIENTS ONLY PLEASE 

RECEIVE THE FOLLOWING FOR only $35 
• In-Depth Personal Consultation 
• Cut & Anlshlng 
• Deep Heat Conditioning Treatment 
• Scalp Massage 
• CIar1fylnll Treatment 
• Clear or Tinted Cellophane 
• Styling Lesson 
• Extra Shampoo & Blow Dry 

• Mini Make-Up Application 
• Eyebrow or LIp Wax 
• Skin Consultation 

AR M.-\OlOGY- THE ART .~N[) ;;CIEN E 
,)F rt':RE FLOWER AN[) PLANT E~ ENCES 

BONUS OFFER · 20 Off All Perms. Color and Skin Semces 

SERVICES CAN BE USED WtTHIN 4 MONTHS OF PURCHASE DATE 

6875 La Jolla Blvd. (at Nautilus) 
454-1000 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

BARTA LOTTA: 
ContInued from .... 02 
absoIurely incorrecl. First of all, lhe Universil)' 
Cenler Board is 001 aulhorized 10 accepIloans. II 
excepIed a SS.!m 10lll from the Universil)' Ccr 
op Associalion. Even lhough ir was well-
illlelllioned. the UCB is no! empowered 10 rake 
on Ihal decision. SecondlY. il sen of WOIked OUI 
of commillee IIld violaled irs own bylaws in !hal 
il esIabIishcd a legal commillee where there 
alreadyexisledthe5llUCtW1:Sforlega(recourse .... 
They should have used !hal process instead of 
going behind Jim's [CarruIhers'] back and the 
administration's back. The rhird Ihing is lhese 
clandestine legal commillee meetings where 
lhey decided 10 rake public ocrions where lhe 
public could 001 gel involved in lhese decisions. 
If they had used the public form of the Universil)' 
Cenler Board meeting, I probably would have 
absolurely said, yes. this lawsuil is legitimale. 
BUIlhey didn'l follow their due process. 
... __ ., ....... 1' ..... 
...... ,... ... A..S. .at ,.., ... 
.... _ ,.., • A..S. ,.11111. It, .. 
......... ., 

Well. righl now. one of the masl immediate 
concerns facing Ihe A.S. is the Mc:mordlldum of 
UndeJ'Slanding berween thelXHlp&.!heGSAand 
lhe adminiSlraJion. Presenlly. !he A.S. lawyer 
and !he administration lawyer have come 10 a 
resolution thai is mulUally beneficial 10 all par-
ties. However. rigtu now. the A.S presidenl will 
001 resubmillO the council the amended version 
of!hal Memorandum ofUnders!anding. As soon 
as he does !hal. and [!he councilliegitimizes it 
we will have been able 10 save the co-ops .... The 
IirsI thing J would do is resubmit [the Memoran-
dum ofUndcrstanding) 10 the council forimme-
diate aclion approval. h' s simple. All we have 10 
do is resubmil ir .. : and ir 's finished, and the co-

~ are here forever. Now the co-ops and lhe 
GSA have a couple of disagreemenrs wilh the 
different versions of the Memorandum of Un-
derstanding. One is in regard<; to the GSA being 
able to velO!he A.S. Given lhat !he A.S. has a lot 
more resoun:es financially ... !han the GSA. we 
think irs only appropriale 10 devise a syslem of 
checks and balances by which !he A.S. and the 
GSA can comparillively come logether on cer-
rain issues. bul!heA.S. would definilely have an 
upper hand. We have more Sludenrs. we have 

SIWABESSY: 
ContInued from pap 02 
!his universil)' 10 carne 10 our council. We need 
10 go oul lhere .... We need 10 use !he Public 
Relations Office more effectively. aOO I as presi-
denl will have the power 10 appoinl a public 
relalions director .... We need IOgeloullhereand 
find OUI aboul the issues. So thai's one thing. 
y ................. ,II ... , ... r-
fII ... A..S. REI ....., ....... _ Do,._ .... ...-,.tr.rfwfll 
...., ...... _ ......... ....., 

I think il would bean easy transilion to make. 
but the ultimate goal is 10 get !he studenrs imer-
ested also and !hal. I think, will be very hard. I 
lhink lhat if we can gel oultheR and gerlhose 
people who are interested in paJting or inler-
esred in housing 10 come 10 us [and rell us whal 

more money. In regards 10 lhe co-ops. one of 
their major concerns riglll now is wbedler or no! 
the asseIS of lhe co-ops can be IranSferred if the 
co-ops dissolve. Now J feel lhal. .. UCSD stu-
dents have been conlribuling to the existenoe and 
the asseIS IhaIthe co-ops have. Therefore, the 
A.S. should ... be enlilled to retain !hose assets 
because no! only have I conlribured 10 !hem. bur 
all the OIher UCSD SlUdenrs in the past have 
conIribuled 10 !hem. and we need 10 k«p those 
_here. The co-ops would like 10 make il thai 
!hey can send il 10 anoIher co-op within lhe 
Universily of California system. ThaI mighl be 
nice. bul UCSO's going 10 lose asscrs and ser· 
vices. and I don'l wannoseelhal happen because 
the co-ops provide competilion for !he adminis· 
ttation· .... 
....................... 
___ to .......... .... 
..-......., ................ . 

MUS! continue .... We need 10 continue pr0-
viding the services. We need the competition so 
!he studenls gel the maximum benefit 
_ .. ,,..., GIlt ~....,...I 
,. ....... _ ....... ...... 
... _ ....... a ...... ,..., 

Well . first of all.J would say lhallhe reason 
for my running Ihis year is because I've seen 
failed AS. leadership since John Edson has left. 
I wanlloseelheA.S. wOOclOwardsreincorporal. 
ing disenfJ1lllChised groups on Ihis campus. 
WIlIt ...... _1 

The way I see lhe presenl system of lhe A.S. 
is lhat il's become very bureaucratic. You mighl 
say !he lasl AS. adminisrration has spenl a 101 of 
lime rewriting bylaws. looking at lhe Conslitu· 
tion. pushing paper and achieving no results for 
the srudents. They haven' t gone out and done 
projecls. The A.S. has also been involved in 
raising stipends of certain positions wimin !he 
council. I see lhat as deDimemal because the 
money could be used 10 go back 10 student ergs. 
slUdenl programming. evenrs. I would eliminare 
lhe A.S. senalors' salary. Each AS. senalor is 
given SI5 a week, and when you add il up 
collectively. il'sS300a week, in aquaner. \h:u's 
53.000. and in a year. lhat·s S9.<XXl .... I would 
also reduce the executive sraff salary and sort of 
bring back a syslem where within lhe A.S. 
bylaws it says you have 10 have four members on 
lhis commincc and go back 10 lhe old sryle of 
gelling studcnrs involved, 001 cap on mem-

they wantl.lhen Ilhinkwe'li be able 10 show lhal 
A.S. is being very useful- which il is. llhink il 
has !he potenlial of being very useful. Butgening 
sludenlS very inleresled will be very difficult II 
will lake a 101 of united effort from !he council. 
and J recognize lhal as extremely important 
ThaI's why I ran lhe Studenl Aclion Office with 
executives and commissioners logether. The 
execurives and the commissioners will have 10 
lead the council logelher.. .. Wilh !he help of 
everybody. we can conle uploge!her.uniled. and 
say thai... we're going 10 address your parking 
maners. we're going 10 address your option of 
housing issues and we' re going 10 address your 
academic affairs maners. We' re OUt here oying 
10 find OUI whal you wanL Because sometimes 
lhe A.S. says. "Well, yeah, the 'W' grading 
syslem is bad. We need 10 change IhaI" withoul 
going 10 the SludenlS. So sometimes the council 

The UCSD Guardian 

bers .... You shouIdn'l just say only four SIu-
denIs should be involved on this conuninee 
where ifit likes 1010 get benerresulrs.you need 
10 .... AlIo. woriUng IqICdtcr willi not only 
businesses. bultheadminisallion in aying 10 gel 
scholarship money from 0UIside priVIle ~ 
10 help defer !he fee inaases. I think. as A.S. 
jRSidenI. !his has been underulilized this year. 
[Currem Presidenl] Mike [Holmesl has liken 
some inilialivein aying 10 gel !he Memorandum 
of Underslanding going ~n theCOoqlS, but 
other than !hat. I rully haven'l seen him do 
much .. .. We need 10 go OUI there and soIicil 
eilhet ootpO<ations for more iruemships for 
UCSD or local commWlities. Also ask local 
businesses and cocporations for some sort of 
help because UCSO does benefinhe immediate 
communiry a lor, and usually what happens is we 
use !he UCSA 10 lobby lhe senate and SIaIe 
assembly and thai really doesn'l gel us any-
where. They need 10 be more effective. They 
need 10 have lobbying money .... [Legislalorsl 
are not going IOlisren 10 us unless weslartgiving 
lhem money. whether ii's political action money 
or organizing a sisler organization 10lhe UCSA 
!hal can give Ihese people money 10 make them 
more accountable 10 us and to lislen 10 studenl 
concerns. 
.... do ,. .. tun y ..... tIIIIdIC 
...... .... "1' ............. .. 
•• , ........... .-, ,... poItIcII 
.... , ..... ., 

Well. you would ask !hat each studenl on 
campus would conDibute $5. Presen~y, each 
studentlhrough !he A.S. pays the UCSA. l!hink 
irs S2.50 or $1.50 a year for our membership. 
Wha1 needs to be crea~ is son of. political 
actioncommittee Ihal worXs with the goals of the 
UCSA. bul rakes donations from sludenrs -
like, I wanllogive a SIOOdonation 10 lhem so 
thai !hey can give polilicaI action money to 
lobbies thai are going 10 help studenrs and stu-
dem issues.lhat·s fine. h would be not institu-
tionalized. like each srudem has 10 pay S 10, bul 
each studenl could be asked for money. so thai il 
would be a volunrary fee .... 
y .. w ......... A.l.c-cL WIlIt 
.... ,.._ ....... ,..". ..... 
...... ,.._-. ... ,.·11 
...., ..... ., 

1bere are limes lhat !he council can come 
logeI/ler and act in lhe besI inleresrs of Sludenrs. 

JUS! lakes an atilirrary position on some of !he 
studenr poIiciesand we need 10 gel oullhere. We 
need a rask.ooeOledcouncillogooullheRlo lhe 
sludenlSandtodeal wilh !heissuessolhal wecan 
gel studenrs inreresled and, in lhe end, if lhe 
council comes up wi!h an intelligenr proposal 10 
solve a problem we can have a studentcoalilion 
backing il up. Ilhink IhatifyougoloJoe WalSOn 
and you have a student problem proposal and 
you say. "Joe, bere' sa studenr problem proposal 
lhat we wanl" and we say thai SAAC suppol1S i~ 
theco-ops suppon i~ IFCsupponsi~ Panhellenic 
suppons it. !he Guardiall endorses il and lhal all 
rhese studenl organizations an: supporting i~ 
we'lI come off a 101 SUOIlger ... 
................. fncII4 ... 
CIIllfII8 ................... .., 
..... How ... ,.,... ............ ... 
................. r-?WIIII __ 

4570 MT. HERBERT AVE .. SAN OtEGO, CA g:z117-311111 TEL: 278-2433 

Eas ter, 1993 

To All UCSO Students. Faculty . and Others : 

Existential angst. That 's what was hot in' my day. Well. that plus sex. 
drugs, and rock and roll. God wasn·t hot . He was supposed to be dead. 
And the c hurch was boring. whi ch it was. And Jesus wa s . just a good 
teacher. sort of. You know. like almost as good as Timothy Leary, Hugh 
Heffne r, and the Maharishi Somethingorother. And I bought it. Well , 
not all of i t. Oear God. not all of it. But enough to mess my head up 
some. And my life, some. 

But 1 don' t buy it now. Oh. J' ve got a few degreeS . And I' ve read a 
few thousand books. And I've experienced something of l ife . And I know 
somet hing of the virtues of other cultures. And I know something of the 
mi nd numb i ng and sou I deaden i ng c ant of our cu 1 ture. And 1 tell you 
Jesus Christ is the way, the truth, and t.he 1 ife. I tell you God is. 
'And He can be known. And He ca n change your life. And you can have, 
and you are supposed to have strength and peace and meaning and purpose 
and joy and decency and lov e i n your 1 ife. I'm go i ng to go furth er . 
I'll tell you that if you don't have Jesus Christ in your life. then you 
just do not have all the me an ing and bite and signifIcance and health 
and soundness and fun! in your life that you can and s houtd h._e. How's 
them appl es? So. I th ink you ought to check it out. Check out Jesus 
Christ. 

Easter is coming up. That's a good excuse to wander into c hurch and see 
if a ny of that weird stuff might just make sens e. I t hink it wi 11. 
Give it a chance. We happen to have services every Sunday at 8:45 and 
10:30 in t he morning an d at 6:00 at n ight. We h ave rock co nce rts on the 
first and third Saturdays at about 6:30. We'll have a couple of bands 
on Sunday night. of EaSler. Much more too. But the big thing we've got 
ain't something we've got but something that·s got us, God. Come and 
see. 

Thi s is your invitation. 

contelllpor-ary worsh 

n e: el Y your s ! /V 
James Hill~ 

North Clairemont U 
Clairemont Mesa Blvd 
Mt. Herbert 
Balboa '" 

'" 

SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION 3 

TheY'R very Unified. UnfOltUlltllely. !his year. 
we've had petiodic disruptions ... I cannel say 
his name ... where members of the council have 
left the room, kicking aOO screaming because 
Iheirlcgislalionwasdefealed.ordeslroyingJll'OP' 
eny as they exil or JUS! bad sportsmanship. To 
have a unified councillha!' S 001 going 10 throw 
a crybaby fil every lime someIhirc !hey don'l 
like happens. I wanllOdiscuss dIe~ 
of the A.S. bylaws ... . 
AlIt .... ,.. .......... A..S. ...... 
... .......... ,. ....... ...., 
-,.." .. ,..,,.. ...... ... 
.... _ ................... '. 
....., ..... ---. ...... ........ 
..,....- ... ..., ,.. ... ... 
.... .." ...... _,.1 , .. ., 
,..... .. ' .... ,..... ....... 
.... " c..,. ... __ liliiii. 
........ _., 
I could use AS. funds 10 have weekly reITeaIS or 
quarterly reITeaIS forthe A.S .. bul even if we have 
those rerreal5, I cannot. as a person in my epiSIe' 
mology, make you like him. Relrc:ars an: nice. 
but I !hink il has 10 be more like discussion, 
ralking 100lbers ... maybe facilillling. bull can' I 
direclly impose upon them. V.,..,...,... .. A..S. ............ 
....... ,.., ... -. .. -
...... ---._. ·' ... 1 ..... 
I,.... cGIIIII ....,... .......... .... 
......., 

Well. the controversy I have no knowledge 
of. I resigned from !he A.S.Judiciai Board 10 rake 
the posilion on the Universil)' Center Board as 
Revelle represenlalive. I do 001 feellhall should 
occupy lhe two at !he same time. 
W ..... _WUU II .... 1,. 
..... , ......... , ..... .., ... 
_ IIfab .. 8I:IIIIJIIy .... ,. ... 
...... .., ...... _", .. ..., 
_a ••• _111 ..... ,. ... 
___ .............. '1 ..... 
_ ... fII ...... ...,. 

All !hal was allegation. There was never a 
Dial. Nothing was ever proved. They were just 
nothing more than allegations. 
1M,. 1IIrIIII, ....... "-e fII ... 
V.,..,...t "11 •• 1 , ... 
..... wIrt,. ... ..,..,., 

I resigned 10 rake the position on the Univer-
sil)' Cenler Board, and !hen I gave up !heposilioo 

............................ 

..... t AIIIII ......... ,. .... . 

.... ,.., ... -........... .. 
lie pNMIIt __ .-t ,.., ....... 
-.c,t 

I think the council dealt wi!h !he issue effec-
tively.1 wason !henegoliatingconuninee, which 
was made up of executives and some commis-
sioners and some student advocates, and we 
really Died 10 come up wilh !he besl proposal 
possible fOrlhe studenrs. We recognize !he co-op 
services as extremely importanL We understand 
thai the co-ops. as student ocpnizalions. have 
!he righl 10 be aulOl1Oll1OUS juSI like we have the 
right 10 be auIOllOl11OUS. However. il is also our 
job 10 prorCCI lhal check for S 1J.501ha1 weall pay 
each quarter, and also 10 proteclthe services and 
enrerptises thai we conrrol. such as the Grove 
Caffe. Assorted Vinyl. Soft Reserves and A.S. 

on the Univcni!y Cenler Board 10 be the Revelle 
AS. SenaIor. 
...... ' ...... Iot .... fII.......,. 

• r I_U r ...... ... 
A..S.C.I ...... ,.._ ..... ,... 
tIrJlt 

Yes, I do. However. I do 001 approve of the 
previous tactics used by the las! adminiSll'alion. 
They lried 10 do sen of a midniih\ AS. consIilu-
IionaI convenlion. whereasolhermembers of the 
c:ooncil decided thai il is in the studenrs' besr 
interesl5 thai ifyou're going 10 have a conslitu· 
IionaI COIIvenlion. il should be done under the 
new administralion. Some propo!ed legislation 
wenl Ihrough, and il was failed. BUI there is 
deflnilely a need. 
.. ,. ......... ,..._1,._ 
....... A.I. "III' ., 

Yes, I would. BUI no! until lhe co-op situa· 
lion was resolved. lI'sa bigdeallocaIl aconven-
lion. TheR'S 50 people lhat the A.S. has 10 
appoint. !hal each college has 10 appoint .. so 
you rully have to WOlX on the co-op issue. 
resolve lhat and then WOlX on !he constitulioo 
convenlion issue. 
V .......................... rItJI. 
Irr F ,1liiie .............. .... 
... ,.. ......... '4 ... ... 
r F IIIIc: ..-1 

Well. fortunalely you'd probably reSOft 10 
using lhe same guidelines we used lasl year. and 
if we had a conslilUlionaI convention. il wouldbe 
easier 10 mainslreartllhal process just because il 
wouldn'l require much effort. 
.. ..., ... , ............. r-? 

Failed leadership. Noone has Ihoughl about 
it. They wanllooverregulale orcOl1linue 10 goon 
doing what they're doing. but it lends to be a 
small group of people !hal determines whal goes 
Ihrough !he council aOO whal fails. and !hey wanl 
lokeepeverything regulated. They sen of preach 
fiscal consetvalism. like !hey say lhere's a bud-
get crisis ... bul !hen lhey go around and say, 
"Well you knowwhat,we should haveKoaJawear 
forthe A.S .. Ihal' sa good business venture forus. 
We're no! going 10 gi ve lhe Sluden! orgs. !he 
SI2S!hey asked for, but we're going 10 go and 
suck up S60.!m in lhe refrigcr,lIor business." II 
might be a good deal. I haven't seen any SOft of 
rtllI!Xeting resulls or any!hing go 10 council.. .. 
Irs like "suck up lhe money .. ... and I've been 
ragged as a conservative for this. 

Lecture NOles. We have S 1.4 million in assets. 
and we cannoc leI the GSA have vero power over 
lhe enlerprises of the slOOenrs, which a11l1051 
happened. That· s what the GSA was fighting for 
on the negotialing rable. [l sal in on negotiations 
wilh Mike Holmes] for IWO days and I saw 
exactly what was happening. The IXHlp&. the 
GSA and the UCB are reasonable people. bul 
they have a big protective constiruency.just like 
wedo. We Died 10 come up with. compromise. 
For example. we do feellhal lhe co-ops should 
have !he righl 10 rake !heirassers. bulJoe Warson 
rakes away lhe student organizations' righl 10 
have an off<ampus checking account How-
ever, we wanllo narrow lhal more by saying thai 
[the organizations] have 10 [among OIherthings) 
go Ihrough the studenl population. ThaI means 
!he undergrnduares aJld !he graduares. We fell 

See SIWABESSY, Page 10 

,--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? 

v 

~ 

Decisions to Make? 
Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone .. . We Can Help You 

2n s. Rancho SnnI8 F. Ad. 
SuiIII 5 

San Mnrcoa, CA 92069 
744-1313 

150-A N. EI c.mino Real 
WoegMd Plaza 

Encinitas. CA 92024 
942-5220 

Third College Seniors ••• 
Is there something you would like 

to say at Graduation? 
The Third College Commencement Committee 
will be accepting graduation speeches until 
Monday, April 12, at 4:00 pm in the Third College 
Dean's office (TeAB). ~ For more in/ormation, stop by or call 534-4390 BEFORE lHE DEADLINE. 

, 

~ 



04 Monday, AprilS, 1993 SPECIAL ELECTION EDITION/THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 09 

Our Pick; for Presidential, VICe-Presidential, 
and Commissioner Positions 
H So PrU'z'Ient Randolph Si'WlbeSSY As the guiding force behind the AS., the president is responsible for setting the tone and providing 

• \eadership for next year's council. 
Thus, it is necessary for the president to 
have aclear understanding of the issues and 
a workable vision for the AS. This year, 
three candidates with varying degrees of 
experiencearevying to be thecouncil 's top 
dog. However, the major differences be-
tween these three are reflected by their 
varying goals for next year's council. 

...... R. .... experience mainly 
SleIDS from leadership positi~ at Third 
College, where he is chair of the Third 
College Council. With his lack of experi-
ence in campus-wide politics, Hill is the 
closest thing to an outsider in this year's 
campaign. Unfortunately for Hill, he seems 
to have little idea why he is running or even 
what the specifics of the issues are. 

One of the primary ideas that Hill has to 
offer is his belief that the student body 
needs to bemorc Wlified,adevelopment he 
hopes to bring about through rnorale-rais-
ingcampusevents. lbis is cenainly a noble 
~iration - UCSD sorely lacks a feeling 
ofWlity. However, in this campaign, school 
spirit barely even registers on the scale of 
important issues. 

Although Hill understands that the co-
op negotiations, student autonomy and an 
AS. constitutional convention are all ma-
jor concerns, he admits that he is shaky on 
the details and specific solutions. In regards 
to fee increases, for example, Hill noted 
that the current responses -letter writing 
and lobbying - have not worked. How-
ever, he could not provide any alternative 
approaches to fighting the increases. Hill is 
certainly to be credited for his honesty, but 
this lack of depth and vision and his inabil-
ity to formulate clear proposals make him 
a less-than appealing candidate. 

D.A. ......... scernstohaveaclearer 
grasp on the issues, at least in terms of 
recognizing specific CotmiCS of action. 
Along with his exPerlence as an AS. senior 
sc:naror from Revelle College, Bartalotta 
also served three-years on theAS. Judicial 
Board, a stint on the University Center 
Board (DCB) when it filed its lawsuit 

U, P. 8dministratiue 
Carla Tesak 

against the administration and numerous 
othercollegeconuninees.BartaJonaknows 
campus politics inside and out - whether 
that is a positiveor a negative characteristic 
is entirely open to interpretation. 

BartaJona's p1atfonn emphasizes that 
both past and current AS. Councils have 
been plagued by bureaucratic waste and 
failed leadership, a stituation he promises 
to remedy. Among his proposals are 
schemes to eliminate senator stipends, so-
licit local businessesforscholarshipmoney 
and freeing up resources to provide more 
funding for student organizations and pro-
grarnming.Bartalottaarguesthatresolving 
the co-op negotiations would be the pri-
mary focus of his presidency, specifically 
insuring that the services provided by the 
co-ops continue to exist. F'mally, he hopes 
to see the AS. woric toward "reincorporat-
ing disenfranchised groups" at UCSD, a 
somewhat vague slogan that implies in-
cluding more student input in the council. 

With the exception of that last proposal. 
these are well-thought-out ideas, reflecting 
Bartalotta's understanding of the changing 
dynamics of the AS. Council. But there is 
something troubling about his campaign. 
When asked about his involvement with 
the UCB,Bartalottagave a straightforward 
answer only after we pressed the issue. 
Similarly, Bartalotta evaded questions re-
garding his resignation from the AS. Judi-
ciaiBoaId.Suchbehaviorsuggestsasome-
whatdisingenuoussidetoBarta!otta'schar-
acter. 

On a more troubling note, one of 
BartalOlta's proposa1s treads the fine lineof 
ethical propriety. He talked about forming 
a political action corrunittee which would 
contribute moneyto"lobbies thataregoing 
to help students and student issues." Stu-
~wouldre~~~~ 
to contribute money which would result in 
making legislators more accountable to 
students. At best, the type of influence-
peddling which Barta10tta advocates bor-
dersonthernorallyquestionable.Atworst, 
it runs the risk of complete corruption. 

WhileBartalotta has his "cutting waste" 
patter down, he doesn't seem to grasp that 
entrepreneurship is the key to expanding 
AS. revenues. He dismissed the AS.'s 
Koalawear and refrigerator renral services 

as programs that will "suck up the 
money" from the AS. BartalOlta 

ignores the fact that these p!'(}-
grams are more than likely to 
make up their cost several 
times over. For his opposition 
to such programs, Bartalotta 
claims that others have labeled 
him a "conselVative." A more 

appropriate label would be 
"short-sighted. .. 

R IIccIfpb .. all T I., is 
certainly not the perfect candi-

dateforpresident As vice president 
administrative on this year's council, 

Siwabessy was well known for what 
might be genrously called a short fuse. 

While Siwabessy's temper may at times 
hinder his leadership skills, we believe that 
he is the best choice for AS. president 

Of all the candidates, Siwabessy seems 
to understand whatdirectiontheAS. should 
take next year. His primary focus will be to 
shift the A.S. Council from a bureaucratic, 

u .P. External 
Nick Endres 

legislative body to a more "task-oriented" 
body, meaning that council members will 
be encouraged to seek out studentconcems 
rather than revising bylaw after tedious 
bylaw. Furthennore, as a member of the 
Co-opNegotiating Corruninc:e,Siwabessy 
is in a position to understand the intricacies 
of the co-op and autonomy issues. 

Furthermore, Siwabessy' s plan to use a 
coalition of students to discuss and resolve 
campus issues is a feasible, inclusive pro-
posaI , more so than Bartalotta' s call to 
"reincorporaredisenfranchised groups." In 
essence, the presidential race boils down to 
vision. Of all the candidates, Siwabessy 
understands where the AS. Council is 
headed. More importantly, his ability to 
articulate his goals will provide valuable 
leadership to the new council. We strongly 
endorse this candidate for the presidency. 

VIce Pm IHlnt .... , .. I bwll .. 
Carla Tesak 

1lIe second most powerful position on 
theAS.Council,thevicepresidentadmin-
istrativeis responSibieforc:onductingcoun-
cil meetings and all campus-wide appoint-
ments. 

c.laT .... the current srudentadvo-
cate, isrunning unopposed forthis position, 
meaning that she will likely be elected in a 
landslide. But even ifTesak faced compe-
tition in this election, she would still de-
selVe to be elected to this office. Quite 
simply, Tesak's understanding of the vice 
president administrative's duties as well as 
the issues sunounding next year's council 
make her an excellent choice for the posi-
tion. 

In the thankless task of keeping peace 
during the often volatile A.S. meetings, 
Tesak ~d she would not allow any per-
sonal attacks and would remove council 
members from the meeting who were out 
of order. In this way, she would be the 
sobering yin to Siwabessy's raging yang. 
Furthermore, her position on the Co-op 
NegotiatiatingCorrunittee has given her an 
understanding of that issue's dynamics. 
Tesak is well-versed on everything from 
student advocacy to autonomy, and we 
stronglyendorseherfor VPadministrative. 

Neena K. Malik 
The vice president finance controls the 

details of the AS. budget, specifically the 
allocations of funds to student organiza-
tions. 1lIe VPfinance will a1so work closely 
with the conunissioner of operations, ser-
vices and enterprises to maintain and ex-
pand the selVices AS. offers to students. 

1lIe vice president finance race boils 
down to a choice between W .... 
I.oc:kwood and ....... IL ,..., two 
candidates in a virtual deadbeat in tenns of 
qualifications and strong ideas. Jelly Lu, 
the third candidate in the race, simply 
doesn't measure up to his opponents. He 
was unable to provide specifics on how he 
would work with the commissioner of 
operations, selVices and enterprises. Fur-
therrnore, he seems unclear on the respon-
sibilities of his office, discussing things 
suchas fee hikes which do not fall underthe 
vice president finance's purview. 

Lockwood and Malik, on the other 
hand, have a strong grasp of what this 
position entails. Lockwood, who selVes on 
the important Reg Fee and RIMAC C0m-
mittees, has some excellent ideas on ways 
to reduce wasteful spending, as well as 
increasing the efficiency of the position. 
Furthermore, both he and Malik favor ex-
panding AS. selVices to increase revenue. 

But the difference between the two 
candidates boils down to past action -
whereas Lockwood talks about increasing 
selVices, Malik, as A.S. income manager, 
has actually done so. She has been involved 
with Koalawear from the begirming and 
seems full of ideas on how to expand that 
program. What is most impressive about 
Malik is that shenotonly talksaboutaction, 
she is able to deliver. For that reason, we 
endorse Malik for VP fmance. 

VIce Pre I I dent ExtSllllll MaIrs 
Nick Endres 

1lIe vice president external position, 
traditionally one of the most important 
positions on the council, is responsible for 
dealing with groups outside of UCSD, 
most notably local and state govenunent 
As in past years, the VP external will be 
responsible for leading the fight against 
budget cuts and lobbying the state legisla-
ture. Previously, the office has been held by 
students who favored tactics which ulti-
mately worked against what they were 
hoping to achieve. For that reason, NIck 
EndNa is a breath of fresh air. He has 
worked in the external affairs office for two 
years. As a result, he has seen which meth-
ods have worked and which methods have 
not. We strongly endorse his candidacy. 

Cuu., 'r 11_ of AcademIc ..... 
lohnBarnes 

The commissioner of academic affairs 
holds a thankless job - a high workload 
with linle glory or prestige. Of all the 
candidates in this year's election, none is 
more impressive than John Barnes, the sole 
candidate for commissioner of academic 
affairs. Barnes recognizes the primary ar-
eas of concern for his position. He hopes to 
establish more consistent policies toward 
gradingandmedicalexcuses.Anotherp!'(}-
posaI he plans to push for is to move the 
PassINo Pass deadline to seventh week. 

Apart from understanding the centtaI 
issues, Barnes recognizes the limits of his 
office and has given a great deal of thought 
on how to achieve his goals. He wants to 
work with the Academic Senate and fonn 
coalitions to detennine the needs of stu-
dents. Most impressive, he wants the office 
of academic affairs to be less reactive and 
to approach the public todeterminestudent 
concerns. Barnes is an excellent choice fQr 
this position, and we strongly endorse his 
candidacy. 

Thecornrnissionerof communications 
is responsible foroverseeingthefuOOing of 
the 14 "alternative" media publications on 
campus (excluding the Guardian, which is 
independent). The commissioner is also 
responsible for upkeep of the alternative 
media room ....... hill is the only 
candidate rwming for conunissioner of 
communications. A senator from Warren 
College, Park has selVed on the Media 
Corrunittee and discussed the demands of 
the post with incwnbent Couunissioner 
Sharon Oh. Park seems to have a clear idea 
of whattheposition entails. She alsoseerns 
to have given a lot of thought to detennin-
ing funding for current publications as well 
as guidelines for funding new media Park 
also recognizes that the media production 
facilities are in dire need of improvement 

Not all of Parle's ideas are so well-
researched. Her plan to use polls in order 
for the media to get feedback from readers 
israthernaiveand ignores the factthat most 
of the AS. publications appeal to a limited 
audience. Furthennore, she is ~d to 0p-
pose a plan that would give each of the 
media their own individual harddrive, a 
plan that would increase production effi-
ciency.Inspiteofthis, we believe that Park 
will only grow into the office, and she is a 
competent candidate for commissioner. 
We endorse her candidacy. 
Cui, .. I 1_ of ....... , ..... 
RobbEmnest 

The cornrnissioner of programming is 
one of the few positions which affects the 
daily livesofUCSDstudents. The position, 
which is responsible for scheduling mov-
ies, concerts, TGs and other events, boils 
down to a two-man race between the in-
cumbent CorrunissionerRobb Earnest and 
Philip Blaze Misiowiec, a relative new-
comer to campus politics. 

Misiowiec stresses that detennination, 
notexperience,shouIdbetheprirnaryquali-
fication for the post, and he cenainly does 
not lack the fonner. 1ndeed, Misiowiec's 
plans include ambitious proposals to in-
crease the frequency ofTGs, establish an-
other reggae festival and tentatively move 
AS. movie nights to the weekend. One of 
his benerproposals is acampus-wide blues 
festival. While these events would be won-
derful, it is doubtful if Misiowiec would 
have the resoun:es to pull them off. The 
problem with his candidacy is that he has 
many fine plans. but little idea of how to 
implement them. 

Earnest is coming offhis current tenure 
as Conunissioner of Prognunming with 
mixed reviews. He stumbled early, and 
many of his events have been the victim of 
bad luck, inclement weather or problems 

with 
public-
ity.Yetwe 
are fairly 
confident that 
Earnest has 
learned from his 
mistakes, and the 
qualityofrecentTGs 
seems to back up that 
belief. Earnest wxler-
stands the inner wodc-
ings of the programming 
office and has a strong rela-
tionship with University 
Even!S.Forthisreason, webeleive 
that he is in the best position to im-
prove on this year's performance. We en-
dorse Robb Earnest for Couunissioner of 
Progranuning. 

lbis year more than ever, the conunis-
sioner of operations, services and enter-
prises is a key position for the future of the 
AS. The race forthisofficerevolvesaround 
the issue of entreprenew'Ship. 1lIe next 
conunissionerwill have to look for ways to 
offer new services, while at the same time 
increasing the efficiency of current opera-
tions. Two candidates with relatively simi-
Iarplatfonns are vying for the position this 
year. 
.. B I tiM, the AS. parliamentar-

ian, has worked closely with John 
Christensen, the current commissioner. 
Bakken understands the importance ofrais-
ing revenue and has given thought to such 
new selVices as a personalized clothing 
store, refrigerator rentals, Koalawear and 
AS. Ads (which would be an ad service 
for the alternative media). Based on 
these programs, Bakken has a clear 
grasp on the entrepreneurship side 
of the office. However, he lacks a 
clear vision on expanding and 
increasing the efficiency of ex-
isting selVices. His plan to ex-
pand AS. lecture notes, for 
example, seems rather naive. 

R. W8de Rc>ee+I bet-
ter understands the entre-
prenew'Ship side. While 
possessing no AS. expe-
rience, heiscurrently stan-
ing his own business, 
which gives him somequali-
fication for such a business-
oriented position. Like Bakken, Rosado 
understands the need for new selVices. But 
of equal importance, Rosado is running on 

8.5. President 
Randolph Siwabessy 

a platfonn to maximize efficiency. While 
he lacks a bit in specifics, we believe 
Rosado has the capability to bean effeaive 
commissioner, and we endorse him forthe 
post. 

C& I I T .,8, ...... UU, 
Matthew Winter 

The newest elected post on the ballot, 
thecommissionerof student advocacy rep-
resents students in cases like grade appeals 
oracademicdishonesty ............ the 
lone candidate, is an AS. senator who Wlti 
second in command in the student 
advocate's office this year. Furthennore, 
he has interned in a criminal defense 
attorney' soffice. Forthisexperience, which 
makes him uniquely qualified forthe posi-
tion, we strongly endorse Wmter for c0m-
missioner of student advocacy. 

U.P. Finance 
Neena K Malik 

Here are our recommendations for this week's AS elections. The editorial board did !Wt recommend candUlntes 
for every position because we felt tha1 roony caTulUlntes were not qunlified enough to recieve an erumrsement. 

Executive I Voce President External Affairs Commissioner of Operations/Services Revelle College Sophomore Senator Third College Sophomore Senator Nicholas Endres -Student Action Now! 0 & Enterprise Greg Hearn ttl Cecily Wait tll' 
President R. Wade Rosado - Green tll' Eric Xanthopoulos 0 Raoul Amescua 0 Com .. Greg Bakken - Student Action Now! 0 
James R. Hill 0 mlSSlOl"1el'S 
Randolph Siwabessy - Student Action Now! .zr Conunissioner of Student Advocacy I Muir Colrege Senior Senator I Warren College Senior Senator 
D.A. Bartolotta 0 COTnll'lWioner of Academic Affairs .zr Elliot Kamin o Marc Healy 0 Matthew Winter - Student Action Now! 

John Barnes - Student Action Now! ~ 
Voce President Administrative 

.zr I Commissioner of Communications Senators 
Muir College Soplwmore Senator Fifth College Junior Senator 

Carla Tesak - Student Action Now! ~ Asher Adelman 
0 Andrew Clark - Fifth Like That 0 

Bik-Na Park - Student Action Now! ReveUe College Senior Senator Nick Pribuss 0 
Voce President Finance Commissioner of Programming Max Seltzer 0 Third CoUege Junior Senator 
Wallace Lockwood 0 Robb Earnest ~ Michael Lim 0 Fifth College Sophomore Senator 
JerryLu 0 Philip Blaze Misiowiec 0 ReveUe College Junior Senator Jessica Wiley - Fifth Like That 

0 

Neena K. Malik - Student Action Now! ~ David Valentine 0 Tammy Jade Lu 
0 



·' 

Monday, April 5, 1993 A.S. Advertising Section A.S. ELECTIONS' b'S 

r\~E \\ITII \1Il ro I'OLL~ - ~UIPIJ B\IJOT - T\I\F \\1'111 \01 1'0 I'III.L~ 
President 

JAMES R. HILL 

EXEcunVE 

Votafor ONE 
o 

RANDOLPH SIWABESSY • Student Action Nowl 0 

D.A. BARTOLOTTA o 

Vice President Administrative 
Vote for ONE 

CARLA TESAK • Student Action Nowl 0 

Vice President Finance 

WALLACE LOCKWOOD· Green 

JERRY LU 

Vote for ONE 
o 

o 

CONSTlTIJT10NAL AMENDMENT QUESTIONS 

CONSTlTUT10NAL MEASURE A 
Explains and clarifies the powers and authorities 0' the 
ASUCSD Council and redefines the Initiative process. 

CONSTITUTIONAL MEASURE B 
Updates and clarifies definitions In the ASUCSD 
Constitution. 

CONSTITUTIONAL MEASURE C 

YES 
NO 

YES 
NO 

Specifies, In detail, the mission 0' the ASUCSD Council. 
YES 
NO 

REFERENDUM QUE9nONS 

REFERENDUM QUESTION 1 
Should the RIMAC facility and the $7D/studentlquarter 
($2101studentlyear) fee be overseen and managed by a 
student 'aclllties board? 

REFERENDUM QUESTION 2 
Do you 'eel that there Is e need for a 24 hour study area 
on this campua? (OASIS Annex, our previous 24 hour 
study erea, will be closed down at the end of the 1992· 
1993 Academic year.) 

REFERENDUM QUESTION 3 
NEENA K. MALIK· Student Action Now! o CONSTITUTIONAL MEASURE D 

Do you approve the move by the Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affalra, Dr. Joseph Watson, to dlsestabllah the 
University Center Board? 

Vice President Externel Affelrs 
Vote for ONE 

NICHOLAS ENDRES· Student Action Nowl 0 

COMMISSIONERS 

CommiSSioner of Academic Affairs 
Vote for ONE 

JOHN BARNES· Student Action Nowl 0 

Commissioner 0' Communications 
Vote'or ONE 

BIK·NA PARK· Student Action Nowl 0 

Commissioner of Programming 

ROBB EARNEST 
PHILIP MISIOWIEC 

Vote 'or ONE 
o 

o 

Commissioner of OperationsiServlces & Enterprises 
Vote'or ONE 

R. WADE ROSADO· Green 0 

GREG BAKKEN· Student Action Nowl 0 

Updates and clarifies the Financial Controller job 
description. 

CONSTITUTIONAL MEASURE E 

YES 
NO 

Changes position of CommiSSioner of Operatlonsl 
Services and Enterprises (elected) to Director 0' 
Operations/Services and Enterprises (appointed). YES 

NO 

REFERENDUM QUESTION 4 
Do you have confidence that Dr. Joseph Watson, Vice 
Chancallor of Student Affairs and the office of Student 
Affairs are responsive to student needs? 

This question hal no legal Impact, ho_ver It Is Intended 
to gauge student opinion at this time. 

The Associated Students Council controls 
over $1,000,000 of your money II. 

Associated Students Elections Polling will be: 
Tuesday Be Wednesday Thursday, AprilS 
April U 7 10 am -2 pm 
10am-4pm 

Price Center (by the ATMs) 
Sun God 

Main Gym Steps 

Yes 
No 

Yes 
NO 

Yes 
No 

Commissioner 0' Student Advocacy 
Vote'or ONE 

MATTHEW WINTER· Student Action Nowl 0 
Invest in yourselfa .. VOTE! 

COLlJ(;r ~I'ECIFIC R \CE~: ~E\ \TOH~ & COLlJ(;E COl \Ul.~ 
REVELLE COLLEGE FIFTH COLLEGE WARREN COLLEGE MUIR COLLEGE 

Senior Senator Senior Senator Senior Senator Senior Senator 
Vote for ONE NO CANDIDATES Vote for ONE 

MAX SELTZER Q MARK HEALEY Q ELLIOT KAMIN 
Vote for ONE 

Q 

Junior Senator 

DAVID VALENTINE 

Sophomore Sen.tor 

GREG HEARN 

ERIC XANTHOPOULOS 

Vote for ONE 
o 

Vote for ONE 
o 

o 

Junior Senator Junior Senator 
Vote for ONE NO CANDIDATES 

ANDREW CLARK· Fifth Like That 0 

NICK PRIBUSS 
Sophomore Senator 

o NO CANDIDATES 

Sophomore Senator WARREN COLLEGE COUNCIL 
Vote for ONE 

JESSICA WILEY· Fifth Like That Q President 

TAMMY JADE LU o IRENEVoo 
Vote for ONE 

Q 

REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL FIFTH COLLEGE COUNCIL 
Vice President Internal 
NO CANDIDATES 

PATRICK WILLIAMS 

KEN CERNIGLIA 

JAMES LIN 

PHILIP LIM 

EDWARD DaVEIGA 
INGA JOHANNESSON 

RITAJAMIL 

JENNIFER HENDERSON 

DAN TONG 

Vote for SIX College Chair . 
o 

Vlca PreSident External 
Vote for ONE 

o 

o 

JEFF WOODS 

BRANDA DYKSTRA· Fifth like Th.t 

VlceChllr 

o SANDRA WAUGH 

o Secrelary 
NO CANDIDATES 

o NO CANDIDATES Treasurer 
NO CANDIDATES 

o Secretary 
NO CANDIDATES Perllamenterlan 

o NO CANDIDATES 
Trea.urer 

o NO CANDIDATES Judicial Board 

o Parllamentarlen AARON GOODMAN 
. Vote for ONE 

o PHILLIP A. COLE· Fifth Like That 0 LAURA REGAN 

Vote for ONE 
Q 

Vote for ONE 
o 

Q 

AYNNA YEE 0 CommiSSioner of Commuter Affairs Exacutlve Committee 
Vote for ONE 

MARIVEL LOPEZ 0 

Commluloner of Resident Affairs 
THIRD COLLEGE 

NO CANDIDATES 

Commluloner of Public Relations 
Senior Senator Vote 'or ONE 

Vote for ONE AMY SULLIVAN Q 
ANTHONY MARTINEZ Q 

Junior Senator 

MICHAEL LIM 

Sophomore Senator 

CECILYWAIT 

RAOUL AMESCUA 

Vote 'or ONE 
Q 

Vote for ONE 
Q 

o 

ROBERTA A. ROBLEDO· Fifth like That Q 

Commissioner of Community Outreach 
Vote for ONE 

LISA RUlZICK 0 

Commluloner of Programming 
Vote for ONE 

DAVE MARTINEZ· Fifth Like That 0 

STEVEN CLARK 

Programming Commissioner 
NO CANDIDATES 

Vota for ONE 
o 

Commissioner of Publications & CommunI-
cations 
NO CANDIDATES 

Campus Coalition for Cultural Concerns (4C) 
NO CANDIDATES 

Commissioner of Commuter Aff.lrs 
NO CANDIDATES 

Commluloner of Athletics 
NO CANDIDATES 

Community Service Chair 
SILVIA SFlllGOI 

Vote 'or ONE 
Q 

Junior Senator 
NO CANDIDATES 

Sophomore Senator 

ASHER ADELMAN 
Vote for ONE 

Q 

I\~II)F TilE 
\'1'011 \TElI ~TlIIF\T'I 

EUJTIO\ eliDE: 

• PHOTOS AND CANDIDATE 
STATEMENTS FROM THE 
CANDIDATES FOR PRESIDENT, 
VICE PRESIDENTS, 
COMMISSIONERS, AND 
COLLEGE SENATORS (INSIDE) 

• THE FULL TEXT OF THE 
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT 
MEASURES (BACK PAGE) 

PULL OUT THIS SECTION AND 
BRING IT 'ITH YOU TO THE 
POLLS ON APRIL 6, 7, 8, 
GET OUT AND VOTE! 



06 A.S. ELECTIONS 

/11: I '1111 \ : 

JAMES R. lIIu 
Three ye .... ago, when I £i ... 1 came 10 

thi8 ochool, the moal importanl i •• u"" on 
tIti& c.mpus we"" dramalic f"" inc...,....,.. 
and sludenl aUlonomy. Do th.,.., iMllu", 
.ound C ..... ili"r 10 you? W eU they should, 
because we, ail studenltl, are still facing 
them lod"y. A.k you.....,IC, why i. Ihat, 
why h".n,,"olution .. risen in three year.? 
If you (~dn ' t think of an answer to the8~ 
(luestiaDa, I hav~ at few "uggt".,..;tiona. 

Ther" i ... n "ndl"". nu..w.,r oC inu,," 
which need 10 be: de.lt wilh on 100 cam-
IlUS, Ihut runge frnnl the cost of our 
educalion 10 the cU81 oC .. h"lI"l .1 Ih., 
Sunshine Slo'.... y.,l, in order 10 deal 
with thr.se iJliSlieli. lhere il~JiI tn ))c u." 

incrt!ll~ in ,;Iudr.nt involvement. Right 
now. student uctiviSJll 011 this CIllOJlU8 is 
al .. 11 aU lime low. OCI"n, 8 ..... U b'l'OUI.80C 
peopl" wiU stllnd "1' IIg"in'l inju.lic .... 
while Ihe majorily of . Iudenl. otand by 
and tin nothing. We, us sludentM, m1l81 

renJt:lnh~r that what DlOMt ue U8 tlu not May 
is juSI us impol'lanl" whal a Cew of us do 
say. L.u·k of unily Joe. nothing for the 
oludenl body liS u whole, in Cacl, it uCI.,n 
discourages chanlle. I beli"ve Ihal the 
only way to eCfeclivdy dCliI wilh IIny 

iS8u~", i. through unity. 
I do not believe that Ihe opparenl 

apathy on thi.. campus arises because 
s tudents don't cure how th~ university is 
run . Howcan someone not c81'ethat they 
ar~ puyingexpont!l1tiul ft!e increases tlnd 
arc ,..,ceiving Ie •• educalion? Whall do 
believe, is th"l sluden .. f",,1 powerl.,.s 
againsl Ihe V.C. Rell"nls and have 108t 
hope. That i. why il i. th., firsl priorilY 
"flhe A.S. 10 unile Ihe sludenl body. In 
order 10 facililale this, the council must 
heuniled within ilself. I tlonotme.n that 
all of the ntt~ll\ber8 should ugree on every 
issue; unly lhut A.S. U1eOl~l·B lllUlil be 
willing 10 work logelh",' effectively. I 

be)j~ve thnt my involvement in u wide 
variety of s tudtmt orgunizuti()n~, which 
deal with aU 8speClS of coUege liCe, clln 
help 10 Cllcililllte Ibe l1e.:e .... llry chung'" 
wilhin Ih" council II. weU a. Ihroughoul 
Ihe studenl hody. 

RANDOLPH SIWABESSY 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
Hi! My nallle is Rllndull'h Siwab" •• y 

and I alii a Third Colle"e Junior. I am 
!'Ianning fo,' ASUCSD Presid"nl IInu I 
would like I" add res. Ihe f"lIowing is-
sues; 

• Siudent AlIlonomy: Thi. year's 
Cow.cil has b""n wo,.)ting wilh an 111101'-
ney 10 com" up wilh Ihe I,.,sl modd Cor a 
financillUy autonomous ussocialiun. I 
believe Ihat Ihe UCLA model, with ila 
uutmwtnous Cucilitit-.s" iN the IUmd viable 
optioJl ullll is whut we llIay want to imple-
ment. 

• Parking: In Ih" pasl Cew years, 
s tudtmls haVe! b.,en IOKing u lut of 011-
CUIUPUK ])ol·king 8rUICCJJ, Unfortunately, 
lhe aUllIinhd .. ation U. not willing to t_lll 
u"ythi"ll 10 chang" Lh .. 1 "ighl now. I 
believe thlll WI! mU81 louk inlo buileling 
purking sh'uclurt!8 Ull this C&lmpu8. W 6 
need a long lerm plall for purking and We 
must make Kure thut we lwotect the 8tU" 
oentH' right to park UK c OJre to the cam .. 
pus "" po •• ibl". 

• Studenl Privacy: In Ihe pUI three 
ye.,,·s . we ha V" h"en using our S,,,,illl 
S"eurily numbc:ra for 8tudenl idenlificlI-
lion pUI'I)oses. I believe thai il is ex-
trt!lI1ely( angerou8 to c(mtinuegivingout 
our Soci.1 Securily number. in "ubli". 
We mu,1 r"ve,'1 back to the S-digil ID 
thaI WHS us.,.llhr"" y"ura ago. 

Th"re ar" plenlY oC olher i.s"es lhat 
we need 10 .ud"" ... A few thlll uredllhe 
lop of nur pllltfor .... re: oulrearh and 
retention of 8tudentM; alternative hou.-
ing; Dnd Ihe "rotection tI( C"-OJl "8 ~r­
vices . TOIIJtI"e",,, thell~ ift"ueecffecLivdy. 
deparl ... enls fo,' 'I"",ific i •• u,," wiU be 
estllblished to ,..,..,arch .. nd come oul 
with . 1I·on" pro[,o. lIl. whicb will help 
build" .tudellt e .... Ulion to ;"nuenc" the 
d~iBion of the Mdmi.niMtraLtoll Mild Wli-
verHity cnlUlUllnity. 

Remembe,· I .. vole fur Slud .. nl Ac-
tion Now! .laic 011 Apl-i16, 7, and 8.-

\ '- O! I \1111 ~ II I I I \ I' 1.111 1111 \ \, I 1111 : ~ \ \ 11111 \ II ~ I \II \11 \ I 'I 

D. A. BARTOLOITA 
I'm running Cor A. S . p...,.idenl be-

CIIU.., Ihere a"" m"ny illaueo which Ihe 
preaent A. S. Adminislr .. lion ha. failed 
10 lake the I".d" .... hip for. 

My experience. include: ReveUe Se-
ruor A. S. Senalor, ReveUe Cullege Vice-
Chair, Uuiver8hyCenier BoardR"p.,A. 
S. Ju(licial Board Rep. (3 years), HUIU"n 
Relutions C .. mmill"" Chai,', and uther 
t:oUegc cumruiltee involvements. 

Wilh the Cee increll • ., skyroekelling, 
we n""d 10 sellrch Cur new wily. 10 help 
sludenl .1 .. 1",· th" c ... 1 of higher ".lucu-
tion . There are mllny husin" • ..,. and 
orgunizotiollti in Sun Diego lhat btmefit 
greody C""IO UCSD . tud.ml •. Sillce th., 
public cofCe"s a,'e emply , Ih"y ,huIIM he 
the nexl 10 be lal'l;e lletl f ... · .ch .. I, .. ·.hil. 
moncy or inlern.hi(l mOlley fur UCSD 
sludenls. Th" A.hniui.ll'aliun and FII.·-
ultywilJ Lte pussinlllh" hUI fm' flln,ls, IIl1d 
I will US" th" A. S. to pa •• Lhal hUI 10 Ihe 
b'Teuter Sun Di.'go conununily. 

Th" cumpus wiU h" suffering u b'l'eal 
lose Ihi. year with Ihe Oa.is Allnex d .. s-
ing. As I'r". id"nl I wiU fighl I .... epillee 
and improve the 24 hour study Ul'~U , 
TheAC M ~ but a few of my objectives us A. 
S. P"".ident. I hll(le Ihal I cun Cllllnt on 
your supporl on A(lril 6, 7, andS. 

\ II f P In ' II I f \ I 
\ Ii 'II \ I'll; \ II I I 

CARLA TESAK 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
The Vice P"egidenl Administ"alive 

pluys an extrelUdy impol'hmt l'ule hoth 
within CUlllwiJ UIlII Hill. AJlhOligh lIIlIch 
of whlll the Vicc PI't!Hid" .. 1 A,lminish'u-
live deuls with is internu) Illull~rii, I ulso 
s~e it huving-a crm'iul rul~ in denting with 
u brotHI runge ur "umrUlliI i~ !mes . Olle uf 
the lhings I hUlte 10 i.H:hievc is the active 
und prompt .. ~c·rnitmcl1t unll uppoinl-
menl of 'Iualifi<:d I'"ople 10 Ihe over 50 
Call1l''u.-Wi,I~lInd AClltlelllic Se"ul" com-
mill"" I'o.ilio"s. Inlh" l'a81, Ih"." posi-
tion have nol heen a,·cOl·ded the impor-
tanc" and aUlhul'ily Lh"y d"""rve. 11'1'0-

I'US~ thut thcs~ positions huvr. Jinxt und 
reguill" inte"lIdion wilh the Council: by 
lhi. I hope 10 IIchieve I .. educoh: Ihe 
Council b'l'eatly on the varietlllncl nlllll"r-
OUi isiolU~8 fueing l'itudents toduy . Also, 
by pr .. vidiuglhis direcl liaison with the 
Council. the.e I.osili .. n. will f"e1I1."uhey 
bave a "e,,1 v .. ie" IInu lIulhol'ily lind will 
lhert:fol'~ Itr.rfurll1 thdr jUhM in u 1Uor~ 
serious untl ef(ecti\'t! nlunnr.r. As Chuir 
of the COWlcil, I will prnlllOtr. couunwli-
cation Uft(t .. r.spt!ct umun,; ull Coundl 
MemberH. This is cruciul if we ore tn Iw. 
eITective 1l1ll11't:aUy ,I" s",nelhing for slu-
dr.nls . I prupu:oir. tu (10 tlus in two wuy~. 

Fi,·. I, I will he lin <:xh'cnaely sll'icl 
Council Cha ir who makes su, ... ellch indi-
vi,lual is acc ..... I.,.1 tlue """I",ct anti 111-
low!! Ild persullul uttHcks. 

Sr.cnnd , [ wnulll uhm like tfl t!~lubli."ih 
weekly mootint:;g hr.tween th~ ExecutiveR 
und CommiAsionr.rs lu promole e,'l·eutm· 
COllllllWlicatiOilo 

Tht-..8c III'C smile of the g()ulJol I wish tn 
accolllPLish if( IIIl1 elecletl Vice P,·".id"nl 
Adnuni.'ih·lItive. 

\lIf Pili ,''" \1 n\l\tl. 

WALLACE LOCKWOOD 
GREEN 

Thi.. year'sA.S. C,iulleil has h'ied ilo 
b"gl 10 ""rve lind ""1"·" • .,,,1 olllde"I • . 
Thi. i. e",_iaUy I,."e "C the I,,"derohil' 
who hllo Irie.1 tn j"UlI' in lind .CCecl a I 

_peeta of the Conneil. I applaud thoee 
leaders wiIIiJIIlo .... in the I",ncl_ .. d 
do legwork, bUI we now need lellderolo 
.... in the I...,nchell and kad. 

1 have worked on lhe A.S. III lhe 
ReweDe S .. pbomo", &n"tor Il"d a. lhe 
A,S. R"pl'e8l".ntalivr. 10 Ihe Repalration 
F"" Advu..,ry Commiuee. It u. with 100 
experience .nd experience from olher 
IIctiviti.,. (i.e" CoD.,., Council, A. S. T.ok 
Forc.,., ele.) which I C""lgive mean edge 
10 I .... d Ihe A.S. in the area uf fmance. 

Re_.mher 10 VOle GREEN. 

JERRY Lu 
Tht!~ver iucl'easing-costs f ••• , u college 

e4lucatioll is U IIIUjOI' cnncern fo.· ull slu-
tlenl,s. Th"'luCKliul1 1l')W , howr.vcl' . is IUlt 
how to stOll tilt .. ft"t1 hikes (m' ncxt yeur". 
SUler. we III'C uh'cuLly suhjc..t t .. u 33 per-
ce.nt incre.llse, but I·uthel· howe us stu-
dent elln make the h~"t of u t.ii.smul situu-
tion . 

My prirll.ury l'UlU;erll is tn uUt:viBlt! uS 
JIIu«;h of tl_lt: fuulnciul hun.lens 011 .slu-
denll a. po •• i1,le. Thi. mellns p"olDoling 
the s tudent COA-OPS, inCl't~_a80 financial uid 
10 sludenls, and prevenling f urlher in-
creases in llliscdl!llleOUS fees, such us 
parking. 

Asolhird yell,·QEDS.tud"nl, I hllve 
been HClively involvetl in sevel'ul ol'gani-
,"lions. Afler hu ving .erved as th" Third 
Cull,,!;e rep,·e.enlotivclo th" Siudeni 0.·-
gunization Finance Board this pU8t yeur" 
[ have also 1'I!(:ognizetl some Jl.·oblents 
u8sociuteJ with the ulJocutinn nffwlds to 
liludl!lIl nrgu.nizMlions. I I.]un tu muke 

nel;eS~.lI1·y slrucltuul du.mg~ 110 as to 
impruve Ihe overaU .,fficiency of Lhe e,,-
tire funding process, while ilt the sume 
tllll t: improve thc, channels of comIDlUli-
cation bel ween Ih".ludenl organizalions 
andA.S . 

FinoUy. 1 would like 10 prevenl fur-
Ih",' progruDi clIls (i . ., Ihe Archileclurlll 
School) lind incre • .., Ihe nu"""'r of CIII9-
I"us-wide"venls(i.e., TGIF'.). M"kelhe 
m081 of your mone y and voldor Je"ry Lu 
fcn· Vice Prt!sidt!nt Finuncc. 

NEENA K. MALIK 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
STUDENT ACTION NOW!, Ihis is 

what I beJjeve in! Working US the 
ASUCSD Income Munllge"1 huve guined 
vuluable kllowledge ubolll Ihtl of£ic" of 
V. P. Finance. This P"8t y~""', not only 
hov" I conc~nll'aled my efforls on in-
come, bUI I hllve "ervcd on Ihe Siudeni 
Organizalion Finance Bttard, Ihe Cul-
tural ProgramDling Finuncc Buurd, LlIUJ 
Ih" OIH!rulion.v Service. & Enleqnise. 
CommiUe". Working clo.ely with Ihe 
current V.P. Finul1ce , I have gained the 
. kiU. and expe"iencc nceded 10 d" lhis 
job effectively! 

Nexi yell"I pilln 10 continue generut-
ing income Ihol wiU he IIsed 10 invesl in 
more servicefi for Ihe benefil oC the .111-
tlenls. I wiU ulso en.ure Ihul foir and 
objeclive.ludenl orgllllizlliion aUocations 
are mude by conducting 8Urv"yS and 
evalu.ting Ihe currenl IIUoclllion pro-
ced8, 

The n""d to bring aboul financilll 
aulonumy i. 111.0 III the 101' of my Li... I 
willllU.h 10 b",1 A.S. Iheir own husin ..... 
office and control over lheir funds; this 
wiU emlhle sludents to hHv~ more input 
on lbe U8e8 oC Ihe fees they I'0Y ' 

Ai the primary financial advisor to 
the A.S. Council, I wiU keep clo.., wHtch 
over Ihe expenditures made by C .. uncil 
Ihrollgh """""rch 'lOd elireel ;"volvement. 

PIe • .., vole April Ii, 7, "",IS 10 bring 
EXPERIENCED LEADERSHIP 10 
UCSD. Elecl R .. ndolph SIWABESSY, 
C .. rl .. TESAK, Nick ENDRES, Ne,ma 
MALIK, Gn-gBAKKEN, Bik-No PARK, 
John BARNES, IInu Mull WINTER! 
Thank YOII! 

I II I 111;1 ' 11 11 \ I 
I \ III: \ Ii \ II I II: ' 

NICHOLAS ENDRES 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
In order to sa.ve OUnM"Jves fl'OUl the 

)lroposedS995 f"" inere_,.ludenlo"'".1 
lI)1ply Ih" p ...... ure nece.s.ry 10 cOllvi.",e 
Ihelegi.lalor10 ""jectGov"mor WH.on·s 
pror,osal budgel cuts. 

Then~ IIl"C! two cl'uciul uspeclM to up-
)llying Ihis (lressure . Tho"" aspeclH IIr. 
organiZtllion, tlnd ]Hllotitdltatiol1 . AM Vicu 
Prcsidenl of EXlernul MCai, .. , Illy eXI"'-
ri~lIc~ Hnd ~lecHctltion will hell. In~ to tIt) 
my pUJ't in ensuring thut It!ll~l· drivt!!4, 
ruUit!8, coulitions, aJltl .. rntt!8~ u .. ~ CHI1-
ducteu ill 1111 orgllnized lIIanne" which 
will ""I've 10 uluilllize .Iudent )lolilical 

I'UWt'.!I'~ A.", HhuJ".Jl18~ it iN your 1·r.MPOIl/lli-
Itilily 10 l'al'liciplltl!hy t'ellding the Exter· 
n.1 Affai,·. InCo P"ck"ls availuhle .1 
EDNA, wl'iling 1"lIel·. I" YIHII·I"b.;"lolor, 
ollending rollie. and volllnlee"illg 1Ilth" 
Exle"'lUl Mflli .. om,:c (ifi"t., • ..,.IOO, cull 
lIIe al 55S-79(7). 

Together, and with Ih. hell' oC leach· 
ers, luu'entg, und ulumni laUlI confidt:nl 
Ibal we can so\'e the fulm'e of higher 
educlliion in Ihe SllIle ofCaliforni". IIi. 
my bdit:f in ol'gullizutioll. ex~ .. iell ce. 
anu J'II,·licil.alion which bas le .. d me 10 
choose 10 run ou STUDENT ACTION 
NOWl.I .. le. 

I believe Ibat thiN slale, ",ore Ihll .. 
U.IIY other, will pruvillc tlte urgullizutiull 
.. ec,,88U',), 10 80lve II1l1ny of Ihe " .... blelll. 
we Cace II •• ludenl8 on caDlI'U8. 

11111111"10\1 I: III 
\1 IIlf 11\1 \1 1\111' 

JOHN BARNES 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
Hi. Myna",ei.J"hIlBlln.esllnullim 

running for th~ office of A.S. Cmumis-
Ainncr of Acadcmic Affuir". The fore-
",osl crilicism of Ihe ASUCSD hllM heen 
ilslllck offoclIson calD)lu'''s .. e •• Oneof 
Iheoe i ... ues i. academic (lolicy. 

My mitUtion 11ft the CmDRlj"Riuner uf 
AClldemic AfCair. will be 10 inc rca"" slu-
dent inpUI in voicing /"'oblem8 wilh Aca-
de,ruc Policy and bui "coalition. \(I fighl 
(or pUNitive change. In unlet' to CI'eute 
Ih.,.., villli cOlllition •• theremU8t be coo)l-
eraliun belween Ih" Academic Mfll;'·. 
office, Ihe Siudent Advocale, d.e UC 
Slud"nl Associ.tion, and Student Orga. 
lIizalion •. Wilh Lbe.oe coalitions, we can 
Bcltievt gouls such us extending th~ b,..·llJ~ 
opliun change period •• I~veloping u Cail' 
lind uniform gl'ad.ing policy, anti .Ian-
dat'dizing TA leuching policie •• 

If we work logelher, w. "lin IIchiev" 
Ihe"" gOIlI.. Rememher 10 vole Siudeni 
Action Now! on April 6, 7, and S . 

! 1111'11"111\ I I: III 
~ 111111' \1111111\' 

BIK-NA PARK 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
I 'J93-1994wiU nol be a f"",.Uy he.!lthy 

year Cor aU a.pec .. oC lhe Univer.ily. 
ThereC ...... , I ho,,,, to work wilh Ihe Media 
in [tublitohing Ih" 001 'IU .. Lily (lal",r 1"'8-
sibl" in tru. tim" of fi.C:III.hortage. Thill 
goal ca n be achiev.,.( by pruviding 111111''' 
u..,Cul ami D •• inlllinOO coml,uler Cacili-
lie.: ""\Ling. eon.iolenll";"" as'"",,,,,,nl 
with Ihe CIIIDI.II. 01",-1 ill an.llh" publisher 
- Trident W"bh; proviuing viHibl" and 
uJtgrddeti IliillriJ.u tinn rlll:k,,; unll 

Mooday, AprilS, 1993 

olrongly eOL",uragins Ihe MediM 10 .olicil 
"Ilt"i.le .11 .. ert~IUr.llt". 

I wouM ultw.lik~ tn iJicreu~ Ut:rUllllt-
ability oC Ih., A.S. Me,lia ""rvi,''''' tollae 
cllml"'o mediM Ihrongh 'Iullrlerly "valu-
utiulIl' Mnd illcreu~ ~rrurt 10 UMMeQ _tu-
.Ienl f"e.lback oC Ih" CamltuM ... ecli. 
Ihl'ongh.lntlenll'''U" Through my ""Ite-

rir.l1c~ UK U WUl'rr-n Seliutur(J hHVt! I~ .. 
nn the Media Cnullllill",,) an,1 A.S. Pult-
licilY Evr~'I. Munab",r, I f.,.,11 can ,Iollae 
job. 

I wouM like lu .11" .. lhe illlporlunc" 
nf Detion lind retiultJt. Thul·", what uur 
.llIle STUDENT ACTION NOWI, i •• U 
IIhout. We hllve .. U wllrk",llngelhe,· IIu. 
yeUl· ull A.S. Coundl. W~'ve l'i~n whut 
wOl'k. III1tI whlll u,,,,.n'l . We wuul.llike 
tn il1lplemr.nt uur it!r.uJi. uq;:unizr. nUl' 
effortM, umlllluke ulIr IU'ullUl'iull'i intn re-
alily CUI' UCSD. 

STUDENT ACTION NOW! 

t IIII'"'~III\II\ II~ 
1'1\111,1\ \ 11'11\1, 

ROBB EARNEST 

Hi. My nume i. Robb Ea"nesl un.11 
um " ,or""lIlly IheA UCSD C ... llIni •• ioner 
I.f Pr(.grulllllli..llg. This yeUI· nlY •• 1·ob ... ·UIU-
mint; ccnumiUr.t: )Jr(JUghl YUIi t!vt!ntslik~ 
lhe Juzz Ft!stivul , tht! Rt!ggae Ft!stivul, 
Fi""hllse, KRS-Olle, Je. u. & Mllry 
Chllin, Insl'i"1I1 CUI'pels, Sun"c"e"Ul, Del 
Ih" Funke" Honl<,slI(li"n, lh" Phll,·"ytle, 
and Ihe New Music Fe. lival. While Ih"",, 
eVt!nt~ uno (ltht1I't\ IU.lvt1 hr.t·n ifI't1ut, next 
yt!urwe,·unlu-ingyou untW~1l b",tltwyt!ur 
ue enlt~ l·tuil1illg JU'ogrulIl8 uilil evenb. 

Th .. cm"'enl MlIiCC will" e lu,'" wilh IIII' 
next yr.Lll· with e"pt!l'ifllU~t! und a h~uu 
Ktm·t unl.lunningevt:l1u. Whut any int!x-

l~l·ien('t:tlIH·nt,,,,,ullll11ingcI .. nmittoo wuul(1 
hav" In I.,arn th .... ngh I"ial uml",·,· .. r.lhe 
"urrenl_lllff 1I11'""dy kn<lw • . 

Nr.xt yt,ul'w" IJlun tOI'Hnlinllt~ to bling 
you the be .. land ... ".1 re"enlly I'd"II"",1 
fiI ... ", w.,.,kly I<lw-,· ... I Pub Show., TG'. 
with hig n .... " ltal1<l., a",1 Ihe 1",.1 in 
cnnl·t!lotKuuti festivuls. GivI'n th~t'III' l't!llt 
budg.: t c'.·lInch. YOli 1let!c1 l'I Hll1t ~Cm~ will) 
kl1()wl'i th .. IJc)\t WII)'''; t.,get tht! I11t.tot.t nul nf 
YUlilo 14hHIr.nt fIllUIJlj, 

If YUIi ","U II I nr.xt yr.ur lu I,r. r.Vr.1I 
he He I ' Ihun this yeu .. , t·lr..·t SHlIIcnnr. with 
Illonvr.1I r.xpt-:I'ir.nc·e lIlId 1'IJIII!r..-lr. plulIK, 
nul SUIIICUIlr. wilh .·umlmic ... l pnnuist'..K. 
R .. -E lt~I!1 RnhlJ EUl"lu:!l'i1 fUl' PI·ub ... ·Ullllllel·. 

PHILIP BLAZE MISIOWIEC 

Th~r~~xist twn gt'CHlltl~ Hf Joittult"nts 011 
campus: 

• The veterun who IIUYt! Keen tluytl H( 
weekly TGIF .. : higg"'·. hclle,' ),alUl. , ,Ii-
veroity - u UCSD thai '1('IUlilly ha,1 II 
Ilul'l_ening ente.·ttlannumt )I(!en~. 

• Th" reMt full into the gl'Utll' .. e n~w 
IoIltuJents, llutlly ~ who c ~unnot ... ~IHte tn .he 

~~guoJ 01' duy~ ." ('nlsilln.ling .. ighl in the 
middle . 

Lei nte gel sll'lIighll" Ihe (loinl. The 
last Iwu ye.r. have _n II .1",:line in 
cuncel'h\ ulUl U (Iel.,l·inrlltioll of cluulily 
cvents in generul. Many iS~lUett have nut 
"" ..... , ,1101111 wilh, 1'IIIIIicily for "ve .. l. i. 
eXlremely limiled, lind fre" ,,"ltural 
evento a'.., rare .. n,1 ."hedu""l III IIwk-
waru lime •• Whal·. wm''''' i. Ihllllllt., .. 
IlIlely 'HI "ampn.-wide oysle", "xi. I. for 

~tUJ~J1IN tn voict: thdr inlmt UII tWt:ntK 
.uch II" Ihe Sun G .. d F ... tivul. We IIrc 
"xl'cri .... ndllg a .hift l .. w.,~I.I ...... h"lenl 
parti<:i(lali,m. 

There iOIl ... Iulion: decl U ""W Com-
UliHMiIJIlr.r ufPrugrulIlIlIing. Sur~. every-
one has the 1'<lI"nlilll I ... 1 .. u 1500d jub. 

HlJwt~v~r. it rec(ui.·r.K luu"d wurk to l'UI1 
un effi .. ienl l'Iyl'ltem Dnll ",Iluleut rf'!I.rr.lIW'!n· 
lalion enu).le,) wiLh Mil a~Mi ... e IIlli-
tude tu lIchir.vr. Ilr.t!cle,l,·hunge" 0 til cln tlte /H., jub. 

ReC"n". are e"IICcled with Philil' 
Blaze MiHifIWir.I!. 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

! 11'1 111'''111\1 1\ III 111 111:11111\' 
, -11:1 II I' 1\11 1\ 111:lllii'l 

R. WADE ROSADO 
GREEN 

My abilili ... wilh ,·egardt .. I.,ad" ... hi(l 
tlnd ext:t:ution will hring (IUulity idc4tH 
Dntl rt!8nltH to th*, offil't ofCuliunisHinlidl' 

HfOI~l'utiongJSm'viceg und Elltt!'1.riHCK, 
Ihr ASUCSD C .... "cil, Ulul Ihe sludenl 
body. 

DIII'ing Ihili limt) III monumenlul 
" hung". in Ihe ASUCSD, il i. nec,,""II"Y 
to huve l·epl·e,,~ututiv,!JoI wh .. will ))ut in 
llw tilll'! nlHl t!fful't IltXeJ!iIJII"Y lu e.lullh" 
Iwinlless lelha"b'y "a"o",1 hy ineffici"nl 
hUl'r.ullc,·oey. Iii. Ii Ill" d.al Ih" A.S. 
Opta-utim18 und Sm'vitmt muvc forward 
to IH"Ulicliv'tly St~ I'Vt! stuu,entfoi. 

If I am eI"cledl .. Ihe .. ffic" .. f Cum-
l'Ilissiul1~r of 01 )e1·utiuuI'llScrvil:e.'411nd En-
h;l'prist::l, this i.s my COIlIDUtl1ltllt to slu-
Jmltlio 

R"me",!.e,· to vole GREEN. 

GREG BAKKEN 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
Hi my na ... e ito Greg Bllkken IIDd I am 

l'ul1nillgfe)l' Cuml1li~gioner 'JfOperatiollsl 
Sel'viees & Enlel')lI·i"".. I UID II Third 
ColJr..gr. Juniur mujOl'ing ill Ecol1umics. 

The job of Ihi. cUIlIO.i.sionel' i. I .. 
nVcrscc! th~ (luily () .. r.rulioll~ uf the sel'-
vic.,. alld~nl"I'J'l'i"".(A.S.I.O ., A.S. u.e-
IU1·t! NtJlt!S. Aii~ml·ted ViJ1)'I~ Cl'OYC Cufft!, 
KSDT, Suft Rese"vcM , U.S. G .. anls, anu 
Vuluntr.t:r Cmlnectiun) UJoi well us wC)l'k 
Witll Ih" Ope .. a lions! S"rviL",. & Enle,'-
I,,·i .. e. CmnmiU"", Ihe ASUCSDC .. uneil , 
und RttlllentK to cstablish n.,w li~rvicelJ. 

Und",' my I"ade"'hip I hope 10 uc-
I!umplish fivt! llI11in gtJuls~ hut I will AL-
WAYS b" ul"m l<t n"w id,lus 01' .ugb"'.-
lioll •. I w<tuld lik~ 1<1 .la,·1 " ""W .hullie 
set'viCt~ fur Un-Cl1lllpllo"l l·efol ill .. .ntg to gn 
gl'ocmoy ,.;hopping, ~s;tubliHh H IUl'ge, 1~1·· 
.onaLi .. ,,1 dnlhing olm'e, <:,'eale u .tude,,1 
opinioll loIlII'V("Y sCloviee, ulcl'ca"e lecllll'c 

n(Jh~ uvaiJuhility lJIullleccKl'iibilityo lind 
help KSDT expanu thdr lIudiell"e. 

RCKcarC'iling student nJliniun und 
gaillingullnll frolll ulhel' rdt:vuntgolt .. c~ 
sllch u~ Ihe V. P. Fillanl:~ ~m income ulln-
c atiml.li undlht! Director of Dt~velopm~nt 
on Ih., f""Hi)'ilily of I'l'Ujecl' i. ESSEN-
TIAL f,,1' Lh" eff"clive mllllllgemeni and 
Cl'1!.lllicUl of YOUR Ncrvict"..tt antI tmt~r· 
p .. i.o;eK. 

I ha ve work,," with Ihe members of 
Ihe STUDENT ACTION NOWl .I"te 
a ",I I am tonfid .... nllhalnexl y".r's A.S. 
CO'lDcil will deal wilh Ihe i •• u .... eCfec-
livdy '"I(I .. Ificienlly f"rlh" BENEFIT of 
Ihe .Iudenl •. 

11111111'''111\1 I: Hf 
~lt!lf\1 \!l\llt II) 

MATTHEW WINTER 
STUDENT ACTION NOW! 
The Cmmllio.ioner of Studenl Adv, .. 

clIey ('luYA un ext ... mldy imporlunt ruin 
0.. th" UCSD camp.... The C ... "n.i.-
s iunci' is the nne officer wilhin the 
ASUCSD whu ,10:01. wilh indivi,lual .Iu-
dr.1I1 i .. ".,.. Slude .. ts wi ... 1",lir.ve Ihlll 
theil' .. ightM have lJr.en villi. tell I' all 1T.-
cdvr. indlviduw "8lii8tullce (roll1 the Stu-
(lent Allvo~'ute Office. Thit! UKKilltunce 
clln involve as litde a. individuul fll,i.l-
uuce to UM 1I1uch 11K repreM~lIt.tiun in a 
jutli.·ial b ....... 1 heuring. 

I have wurked in Ihe Studenl Advo-
cate Office Cor th" I •• ot 'Iuarle.· a. th .. 
""i.1 A,.islant Siudeni Advoul". In Ihi. 
]tufllitiun I Willi .. hIe to over~ imlivitillal 

c .. ..,. and the illn"r working .. of Ihe oC-
fi ...... The .hility tu hell' .Iutlents "bellt 
Ihe ay.t_." which is ." of len lI"tlred 
ugMinKt thelD. lUutivMtet.i Ill" to run for 
1M oCf",e. Th" inelivi.lual ••• ist .... "" 
I.rovid"d hy Ihe StucienlAdvocllle Office 
hUH cruciul illll",rllln"e 10 Ihe UCSD cam-
I'u" A (lu .. Ufi ... 1 Commiaoioll"r of SIU-
clenl Advocacy iIIlleeded 10 "nlure thlll 
theMe serviceM a~ cnntinued with the pr().. 
C" .... ionllli .... de ..... nded by UCSD .Iu-
,1 .. m18 . 

My ... iSHion a. Cmmn;"'ioner oC Slu-
denl Advocacy wiU be 10 "rovide a .er-
vice 10 Ih" c .... I"'. where every .Iudent 
can beco ... e iIlC ... ·,ued aboul oluuenl 
righl. . The "ffic" .Iaff will becoDie ex-
I",rt. on th" ""lici". lind "rocedures oC 
UCSD 1<1 a •• i.1 individu .. L. .. nd fll'oUpg 
on calU!'u.. To IIccoml'li.h Ihi. I will 

u,c,·ell .~ Ihe publicily an,1 UWlIl'ene •• oC 
the o(fic~ to enCOUl'uge IU01't! stuuentK to 
come fmowlu·tI with their CUMo~s conct!rn-
ing UCSD l'oli,'Y ' I will ul ... wo,.k wilh 

t.h~ uther t!1~·tecl c!.umnissiullcrs toch!mge 
UCSD 1."licy, f ... ·1 he benefituC .llId"nls. 

Hf\fIU llilllt.I 
~ I. \ 1111\ 'I \ \ I t I H 

MAx MASAYA S .. :LTZER 
SOlllcwht:l'e un lhe soulhel'u ctlgc of 

nuupus. within !'light c,f T(u·rt!;Y PiJl e:i 
Roud and l·ulltuining' ulw..llutiful view of 
the Revell ... parking 101, lie. Meleur HIIII, 
wherein the t'ullclidute Jived his fit'st yt'AlI' 
al R"vell". Sin.·" Ihell , I have liv"d in 
many [.Iac"s, laken all of ... y Humanitie. 
clu 8st"--s undeI1l!Oulltel"t!t.illluch betlt!r food 
than thatof u cel'tain unonyn1Ou8 R~veUe 
dining facililY huving ils OWII beuutuul 
vi"w of a .hip pu,·I. 

Now, "flel' 11"'ee yeul's of Revell" "x-
p~ri,,",:c unde,' my belt, 111I'es"nt myself 
a8 Ih",mly TRUE choice I" I'''l'l'e.elllmy 
Cellow R"vdl" . I,ul"nls and Iheir illte,'-
eg ts. ISl'iUe8 uf ~Iualily gtudent l'~prewll­
tution aloe cmuaul11 uud n~vel°-t!IHlinghel'e 
lit UCSD, a.ull f""llhutlh""" ;. a pa,'-
ticullir l11isint~I'I)I'etalion of Revdl~ stu-
dentR U)i u buneh of Pre. mCtUPI·e-enl,rl.-
lI"ering Iype-A '" un,l I. as Revelle S,,-
nior SenutHI', intt'IHJ to wtu·k tn clisr.el 
Ihis"'Ylh. 

I was f""lI1el'ly the ASB P,..,. id"nl oC 
my high sch'H.I, alld 1 huve Ih" ,I"sir", Ihe 
ehlll'ucle,' alld Ih" ene"b'Y I" WORK fOI' 
my college's .lu,l"nl htllly. A.k unyon" 
who kllows "''' (y"u"<1 be .u'·III·is"d at 
who do".), IImllh.,y·lIlell ya, ··Yel" Max 
i. II tlug-burn rdiabl" b'lly. ~ 1"111 here, 
1'lII"elldy lind willillglo work, a lUI I wlIlIl 
to be involvcd; so if you .lun"1 vote nnw, 
I'll be bllck agllul, ... ayhe in Y<llll' ,ll'e" ... o 
of quill. 

Hflllil !IIIIII.I 
.It \\1111 'f\IIIII: 

DAVID VALENTINE 
GREEN 

I h"lieve lh"l in o ... le,· COl' u hody to 
run effiden lly, I he m~lUhr.l'l4 multt un .. 
denland CIIeh olher IIIltI wnrk Inwa .. d. 
common gOlilH. The A.So Senalor", ure 
responsible fOl' l"t!presenting tht!il· peers 
to the AoS. Coundl lInLi nthe .. I:UIIIPI1!~ 
fll·oU[" inciOlliug Facility , G"mlua"', IIlId 
Adminislr"lion . . 

I f""lthat hy I'artidpali"g ill g"atlll-
ate datlMes tint! st!rving us u Chellli."Ih'y 
T.A. C ... • Cour '1"""1,, .... 1 have ll"ill".1 the 
nec!eK14ary exrw.l'i .. .Jlct: III clr.ul wilh 14tn .. 
dents und their C'ct11,'erl1l", Tlu:Kr. r.~l'eI·i­
eDceK have .. 1110 Inuught lilt: into "Iu",e 
cnnlMCI wilh faCility ulltl .Luff, 111 .. 1 
through Ihe..,experi ... u,e.,,1 haveSllin",1 
inRitlht into th", ·"uthr.r ~itlr." o( IdluJent 
WUeK. HlIving th~~t' lIIi"r.IJ l~r14lteclive",. 
I C""lthllil willlllukeu .Ir.ci.iv";ml ... cl un 
the A.S. Cuuncil. 

Reme",l",r tu vule GREEN. 

A.S. Adverrisin.g Section 

1:111"1111"11,1 
-111 11111'1111:1 -I \11111: 

GREG HEARN 

My nllme is Greg Hearn, and I alll a 
ReveDe College Fr""h ... an running Cor 
the ReveU" Sophomore Senulo'·(lo.ition 
wilhin th" Associal"d SIOII"nt.. I am 
"ndol'lCdby Jolm Barnes, RcveU" Fresh-

. "'an Scnalo .. lind hllv" worked clo.ely 
withCII .. I. Tesok lind MIIIl Winler . These 
t"ret! cUluliJuteH un!; ull Iynning unop-
posed for A.S . Execllli"" offi""., so if I 
w"re e1ecled I wOllld he IIhl" 10 w ... ·k 
efficienlly wilh Ih"lll . I have cu-found"d 
und hClldcd a forly plu8 me ... be,· UCSD 
s tuuent ol'gunizutioll uno UIlI cu .... ently 
Ih" A.S. '·"pr" • .,nl.live 10 110" UCSD 
Housing untl Dining Sc:rviccs Commit-
tt:eo 

My muin gu,,1 is 10 lighten the effeci of 
Ihe finan ciul bUl'den IIC Ih" f"" incr""s". 
illll .... "d by Ih" UC Re!;enl •. This could 
he done muinly tht·ough hC)Ul'ting. dinin g~ 
lind tcxthookd. Fill" hnusing I will wUI·k 
towanl instiluting low ('ust cI.up-hm,sin g 
ondCociLilale theestablishn ... nt .. C" G,,,,ek 
.. ow, buth us uitt: rnutivcl4 10 CUlTenl 011-
campus housing. Fol' dining sm'vices I 
will ""nlinue I'II shingCu,' al ull-pointsys-
hml which woul(1 be 1lI00'~ efficienl, illr.x-
p el1sive. und nlOl'e fuil' thull lhe current 
mandutoloy meal .,Iun systt:ll1. For text-
hooks I will work 10 ~xpunc.l und m()(I~l'n­
ize RC\'ellcBurgaill Books, und ulsu WIII·k 
towanJ more student involvt!m .. ..nt in the 
sdeclion of 1~1u.il't:d books lhrough euch 

d~Jlurtment. Tht'..se l,ruuis ulonc cuuld 
suve slutit!ols liS much us $3.000 a yem", 
thus compensuting fOt· pr~84:nt lIno fu-
ture fee increllses. 

I believe I 11m the 010. 1 expe"icnced 
cu",liuale for Ih" job. alld ah..,ody have 
u gUUfI working reluliollsh_il' with future 
A.S. memher8. I would b ... "ully al'I"'eci-
ute your vule, und if you huve uny IltleK" 
lions (u. COl1IDlmtlS, feel Cl'ee tu come tulk 
tome. 

ERIC XANTHOPOULOS 

With the rr.cent decn~alu~ in stalt: 
b'l'ants 10 Ihe UC Syslem, Ihe A . S. lUust 
luke IlIcusure,.; to bt!t:ome less finuucauUy 
dependenL un sludenl fee. In fllnd ils 
gl'ond vi.io"8. Fol' example, il ig nol 
inconceivahle fo,' Ih" A. S. I .. ""VUUlI' 
UCSD'. vel'Y own KSDT radio.lation 10 
eurl1 money fl'olD Iuclil velulc)l's by ]l1°f).. 
muting their proouct!; over the l·u(liu. 
S""h a mov" would cffectively illcreli SC 
Ih" .""1'" und 'Iulllily of the A. S. ' •• e'·-
vices to tbe student hu,l)' lIIullucul com-
munity while providing Ihe A. S. with 
addilional rev"nue wilh which 10pl'Ovide 
addilionlll 81I1denlse,·vice. wilhoul hllr-
.I,,"u'g flDlIlI<:illlly sh·"l'l'e.lollI,I" .. I •. AI 
the sume time, numeuvering to IItrealR-
line the existing A. S. 8tl'llelure will re-

du~e wan Ion bU"ellucratic sp"nuing Ihat 
fail. 10 provide anylhinll suh.lonli,,1 10 
Ihe studenl body "lllIrge (cunsider, for 
inslance, the IIl'l'rOXimlllely $3,000.00 
.'Illundered to hold Ihe r"cenl .pecial 
election..-th" A. S. could bave jU.1 a. 
ea.i1y wllited unlil the General Eleclions 
... be helu nexi week and .aved Ihe stu-
.Ient hody S3,OOO.(0). 

FinaUy, lind IHlrhal's mo.t ilOl'''''-
Illntly, II Revell" Sellator lI1u.1 Meek 10 
,"feguard tI.e illle"".lo of Revelle Col-

I~ge. Tn this r."1II1, the Senuto .. ill l'e8pon-
.ible for en.urin!! thlll I'roIH • ..,.] A. S. 
I.rojed. hene£it Revelle .Iutlenlo atlell. 1 
liS much ... Ihey benefil th" reol of Ih" 
Kluu ... nl population. On the iiiI' .ide, lh" 
SellMtor D1UKI he l'et.'t:]ttiv" 10 the n~tb of 
thr. ReveUc tdildent·,. lind 8h·ive to fUld. 
way in which Ihe A. S. mlly C .. ltdl tho.., 
n_I •. 

I I!! lill I ,Ii I II" 
-I \ I III: "I \ 11111: 

ANTHONY MARTINEX 

1'1111:11 ! III I I t.I 
.I' \ It III 'I \ I 1111: 

MlCHAEL LIM 
I have 'Iuickly leal'lled . illc. I'ullning 

fHI' st'.Jlutnr· thut tlU'l'e al'e eountl .. ss is-
:oi u e-s Lefun~ us. In thtndlol't Sl'll Ct; I huv~ 
been givcn it is ilUpossit..le for 1lI t:! to give: 
),ou u thm'ough i1Utight intu Ill)' views and 
illlt:l'estR about the it;Sllt!S und senutor 
[,osition . Neverthele .. , I will do my beol 
10 UICI·t yuu to 1ill!!!S uf my viewg. 

Find, J wnulcl lik~ tn SIH!uk uLuut 
divea·.sity, D word thutcuuseSiomc lK:oplc 
to "011 Ih. i,· "yes UK il S"""lS 10 be a 
pl'cvalent nutioll on this unci uthel' l ' UIl1-
pnset:;. Dive rsity is impcU'tuJlt though . 
hccu lIst! it often force~ us to upen UUI· 
mu.d. anti il is ul.o .. word Ihal !,'l'"utly 
de.crill". our nalion and sho .. ld helle,' 
tlt:!l'ic rihe Hur school. I beli.,ve thut nne 
road tu illl'l'eusingcUJllpus .liv6rs ity is to 
inl: rt'...ll se thc fundin~t() SAAC lIrgunizo-
tinus. This, in tUl'n , will ullow them to 
t->xpu lIIl th.,iractivitieK, lu'o111utc c lihul'ul 
IIwa,·cnes., I'ecl'uil fUlUl'e UCSD s tu-
(lents, unJ 1II0Nt illlpOI"ttlnLly JIluke the 
vUl'ious Ji vel'se ~:roul IS of stulltmts fL~1 
comfol'luble un this cumplls. 

Foo iucreuR~s untl progt°ulII c uts are 
Ihe olher lopics I would like 10 add .. " •• . 
Whilr. fee uu:rellSt!K und (Irug-rum cuts 
mlly Lt" b"yontl Ih" A.S. ","1m "C influ-
t!nce~ I would like to It~ l the vote r know 
that I will "riv" extl'eme attenlion us lo 
whatmy ... 1f and A.S. elln dolo influ", ... e 
()I'cuse lh~ pllin ufthe situution, I cunn.,t 
give sl"-!cifil~l'i Ll6 I um t§tiU leutning ubuut 
Ih" . ilualiun and po •• ible pllth. for ac-
tion. 

'1'1111:11 I til I fl.f 
~OPIIII'ltlla ~f \ \1 til: 

CECILY WAIT 

RAOUL AMESCUA 
I am running for the pOHitjon of A.S. 
Soph,m~ore Senator, l'el,re"fmting ThirJ 
CoDege during Ihe 1W3 ASUCSD Elec-
liua.. A. II Third C .. Ueb'" Fre.hp"roon 
Senalor 10 Ihe ASUCSD Council, I ''''' 
. "'ae need Cor t·hange in Ihe uloe ... ning 
acudemic .ch,",1 Yellr, chanll"" which I 
C"d the A.S. Council nt:t:tl. 10 udul'\. 

If elecled, I wanllo inslill belle .. rd.-
lion. belween th" Siudeni Affim.ative 
Action Conmullee lind lhe A.S. Cuuncil, 
.ince rel"tiono between the two bodi.,. 
Itave been ulmost nonexiatcnt in this p ... t 
yellr Inu a"IICa,' 10 be: II"lling wurl!e . By 
sl""ngthening Ihe rei .. tionshillO of the A. S. 
and SAAC, I C""I lhal il wou\J be lin 
inilial slep in bringing dlvenilY to the 
A.S. Comu,i1, II cuuncil whi,·h ia pre-

A.S. ELECTIONS 07 

.Iominandy whil","U1"'. 
As a Senlltor uC Ihe Ilfe ... nl Cuuncil, 

""" Ih., ASUCSD lII"ving 10wa ... ls an 
.ut0110111011ll enlity .od hupe to I'k':f1 tht1 
11ft"''''''' be II clellll lIud effective 0""; 
whi.,h will inelu,l ... Iudenl inl,ul lu 1'1'0-
vitle Ih" A.S. wilh ide ... in lIU1king Ih" 
heMt pOKNible chuic~1 fur uutonmny. Fi-
.. oUy, I wllnllo iniliale projecis thai will 
incre&lKelltudtmt l4ufety laud MWf;lreneMOn 
c"IIII'u" .ince UCSD i. II ";Iy wilhin ii-
.elf; crilUe8 thaI luke place in .IIIY cily lire 
ju~t U14 pu~iLle uf uc,·urring her" lit the 

Univ~ ... ily . If giv"n Ihe opportunily lu 
g .. Ihl'ough wilh Illy I.rojecl. on s .. Cely 
andawllren" •• wilh the lIidoCulherCmUl-
cil Me",I,.,,·., hOI",fuU" UCSD wiU be a 
... mewhal .IICer pillce or 8Iudenl •. 

FII III 1111 I II,I 
,II \11111 -I \ 111111 

ANDREW CLARK 
FIFTH LIKE THAT 

I'm rUllningfOl' Fifth Cull,!geJuniur 
SellalUl' h.,cu"se Ilhink I "lIn do Ih"joh. 
A, Fiflh Rel'resentalive I<Ilhe Univer.ily 
Ct'lltt ' l' BOUl'd, I hutl to muke SOUU! tHugh 

c~ulls - uillil tuuk flllk fOl' il. I c'untillur.lu 
support gJ'eut stullrml cHnlrnl Hver s tu-
d<nl fec-funded fll cilili,,". an,II vuled f .. 1' 
Ihe UCB 's luwsuit "Iluinsl Ih" Rege"I •. 
Th~ Univt:rHityCtmt~I's mURt CC HIleUntl t! I' 
Ih" ,·onlr .. 1 .. C Ihe UC D , llId.,nl hud y 
Ih"''''ll'' Ihe A.S. a"dlh" GSA, u"tll will 
continue to work towurtlg lhi~ gOlll liS 
Fulh Cullcge Juni .. r Senlll ... ·. 

My eXI"" 'i"nce IIl1lhe UCB luughl me 
how tht! MyM lt:m WHI·k"' .o. unu wht!l'e the 
skr.l~luns ure hUl·ieJ . I hdi~vr. thul we 
ne"d tu see chang.,.; in Ih" A.S .. which 
cnnsisl. 1",lay nf wlluld-It" sl",l"nl htl-

reullCI'ul~ whu "ltt!.u.I tun IIlw·h time UII 
l_urJjulll~ntul'Y gumr.s und l,ul,cr-lmsh-
illg. I will " 'Ul·k tu lIIuk~ liar. A.S, fW-rve 
unt! l'e]H'e!;tmt stutlc~nls . 

I lauv" all~",leti FiClh C .. Uell" Cuuncil 
lIlt!CtiJlg'M fur the JluKl twu IlulI.·tel· , unu I 
knuw thut Fifth slmltmls WUllt 10 H~ 
mul''' CUI' Iheil' S13.50 A.S. f"c. I am uu 
Ih" Fifth Like 11'01 . Iule ht'ca us" I be-
lieve Ihlll FiClh C .. llege needs a unified 
lind eXI-.r.ricllcctl Council clurlng thiM 
phase of it. !,'l'nwth into a Cull-ne,lged 
UCSDC .. Ueg". 

NICK PRIBUSS 
Although I hav" .... pl'evio"s A.S. 
eXlu~l·i~.JII·r.. I wlnllJ nevr.l·thdt':l'iS 1Il'Lng u 
gn~ul ck .. 1 of outside txpr.t"it:nl;c tu lhi~ 
jul,. Suu:e I'v" 1 ..... 11 ul UCSD. I e, .. 
founcletl uud now opel'ut~ DeHigll 
Sy",holi,'" a Bay A,,,,, cUlIll'any which 
Ilehif,f'JIS lind whulr.8alr.~ 11 line uf envit·un .. 
mentul T-.hirl •. 

III lht! CUIII·Sr.llf ]Iuttingthis "olUlfUIlY 
tOb"t:thr.r with my fricnd. 1 II cclu.retl u 
greul cl~ul uf r.xlwriclu'e in Hetting gouts, 
1,luI111ing:, ul"gunizlalg untl t!Xf!I!U ting: lur,;., 
s.·ule .. t·ojel·IM. Bt!t'ulIse uf thi!4 ~ul'l uf 
r.xpt~ ri t:llc;r.. I Ulll t;l;nFi.tlr.nt lhal I huv4: 
Ih" .kiU. lu ""IIl .. III. a",llu "a .... y Ihem 
Ihrollgh II. un A.S. Sella tor. 

JriHUeH I lUll "'Ul~ tn fuclI~ UI1 wmllcl ~ 
lhr. (1lIlIlity ftf HU1' •• .. mlllls 't:OIlllllllnity , 
(c" iIlCrCU8et4, unc.l TG's, Thllt you fur 
your vote. 

Flilil !IIIIIt,1 
'"1'1111'1111;1 "I \ 111111 

JESSICA WILEY 
FlFI'H LIKE THAT 

I hllve been involved in .Iudenillov-
r,I'IlRlent .iDee hi&h 8cho4 ••• I fir..t IW-rve.l 
tiS C"ulInunity Comlni148iuner anti then 



!1' 

S! 

W!I' :t 

~ ~ a~iinitiHnHHI ~~ ii (::i!!l ~.~3 Hti~F;3i iI·ti °i~·~~i~ ~'Uiaj!:i~ ~~, 
001111 ;d!l~! ~il iilh1illi~i.llljII·i~hii it ~ l - ~ ~=& 3 i~~~~ ~ ~o;~i~ e ' 
II! · rli~~I~~ !l!~I!~flgii~t~~~~~ii~~ ai ~ ~ ~~~!!t2~gj &~i& hl"i l~Sil~~!!i~i U 
:( I il· h!~~ U.iiiJ~!ii~~!~il:·~tUil~~· RJ. g~ II! == ~o~~t III§i~i 3I!.b~h.!1~Uiii·~!ioB. 19 ~ ~ ~ . ~ ~ ~ ~~.·~o~ ~~. - ~ - 5 I~ ~!; ,I ~i~~! ~!!!~~ll{!ill~n~!-I!f!~it ;~ 
"'I -§!! oi •• ~ .·-"'25-t::'~::'~-<5"~ <5"""'i ?i 0 .gc: 

i : ::." ~~t~ lfl~ito.~n~g13~g~h~~ ! i~ ~ • ii i .. io~-~ -;S~ "ii .IIO~ II. ~ ~ ~i i~Q~~ ~~!~l§.l~oo~~ ;~{ ti!i~ ~ ~! ~ ! h 71~· U ~:;>;i·(!1:~~ II ~d ~~i~ i~ ;i 
is. '" ~!: ~'" irK: ~l '>i!I-i li i il< !lit::. is; a.i 
S- c: ~. ~~ ~~ b !d-2iB.l &~. ~~ ~· tl ~ !I! ~ (. ~l ~a !'>" ~~. !- 3!. i~ ~i ~ ~ ; :.~ a . gg ~ 

Ii ,. r' d 
:t' ~ :; :t ~n 

tua;il 
W !I' :t :1' !!' !/' 

2~ 
II 
II 
'I I~ 
_0 
o 

I 

'7-;0- ;:r 'P :"'!ID P. 0 9" ~ ~i 

~O'nO'i O'~ O'iO'~ O'.,O'.,O'~-t O'!l •. 11-1 .p~ It .. ~-§ ~H!! Ol!~ ~gl:.iil i t . ~!t~1-i~~·ui&i~ltn 
,d i~~-!l.bt. !!dilibn 
,. a II· ;> ii~· :it .1tD. ~3>i-<""!I-!.. 

s .. " !to· . li!!i~-i!o .~sl •. " ""'~_~ .. ::.!!.="="o,, •. ~~ ~o -- &. ~.~.~ -~03 !lg !:"tI~ii "-S . . ~ . liS; .. -. ~::'l' i~:~~~l3~ l h ~ I iih' ~ ~ n ~ 5~ '" ::.,,{al" ~ . I·~ .~! 0 ~-i·ao ~ . ! o. ~ ~~ ~ ~i"!f ·· i 
.. .. i1 ~ ~". " ooit.~ ~ tf: _ - ' i}{")IIQ'D ti-il ! i i ! it ~ ~~!li; ~ 
!i S 1 I i- <r 3~ ~ ... g : £> iI" ~ . ~ .-. ~ ] !! ~. ;: .. ~ i li"1l . 'g. 8 
.. ~ g. !; l ~ .,1 ~ h ~ ~c: ::. ~ '" ~ .. " ~ ~ ~. ~ io "::. c: .. ~ ~ .~ i ~ I - &l . i .. ~ ~ .0 i ~. = ai J. i I~ f· 
;r ~ ,..! g. o · 

~~ 
II f!i 
II: 

n 
it 

I 

11-~-~ ~~tf HE!~; [-1:& . i il ~i' z:-S.;.!' 
. . ~~~ 

2.~~ OiS h' .. 01_< 
i~~ 

!~a 
." _. 
:> .3~-~co 
.:cll-

=~ . 
:iil8 =.,...~ 
i -
... i 
I -

. I!. i 
.:c .. 

~ 1. 
1 ~ 
a -< 
- 0 o _ 

'" !" :-R 
~ 

·.[~~l ~ 
3a;io ~. Ui~ 1!1r-I! . ~~~ !;'; 
itt! II ii! B--~i!~ I~ ,,~. -Iii ~U Ie ~i~ ~ o::~. _ID 

=&.i ~ i~~ I I: 1-0 .. 
iii z: .. g 
1 §. 
= !. I C 
Q [ 

~ ~ & : 

IU 

it 

I 

l~ 

~ ": C't ~ ; ' :1 - =: til ;. 0 :: a'''' « > t~ ; g til = :ra~'B ;' ~ -c;.;$ (IJ 
t1 ~ ~cr~; ~ ~ g c= ~ E' -aD S;.~ ~­rU;-' ~ '!' n ~~ ~ C Q..!..~- n§' ~r 
=[f-n a; e 2"'-;: g.g ~ ~:ro - 0-~ " :r " ~ 3: ~ Ii a ~ " ;: r:r~ ~ if ~ '" - t-3 
D: ~ ('t ~ ~'''< :t ... "'< C"'... . C'C -.~. = :r i =~~Q~ ~=n=~S~ =a=~~ 
; ~ $ ~ ~ = ~ = ;- 5' _. '" ; ' en = ,.. -
;;:l ~ E..r~ : ~ f:i' :; ~ ~ g.; ~;-; 
.. '< == "< 0::1 0- 5 :C'< ('t 5' "';!:r _ ~ 1:1:: 

nO=~~=~:r=C=n~ =o~~~ ~ ~ = 1 [.!..g g i S· f ~ S. ~. ~ -;. FJ ~ 
1i 0 =- C1 t1 c · S' O'f O'~ IaI ~ t;. o' a a n ~ 0 ct t1 ~ So =. _. = .., go tr so :s:: e ~ . ~ 
a,4 :::=~~gE.:;~s<~ -~ttfi ~;':r"'O~ (I; =<~ :.:r o=~~O"'~ 
OIP D: ;"-'!l 0 ("; g II: ;'< <t ;.s!l~:l ~ 
9 =rl ~ ~ o· = ~ e ri : g g ('t ~ a. c t 
.- = ct 0 ::. 1: ~ E! 0 ~ :s 0:1 ~4 1:1 E g 

e?=- ~="E-;g ~ - . ~" 
e d1 :(:..,&;"t1(i:s., -:('-::';-~~a~E.-.=~-= e~:r_:r 
--..0 . ~_a(t .. .- 1 "< 1#1 -._~frl.a 

~ 
= I"l 
:= 

~ 
I"l 

~ 

0»2 
QI ~ ", 3=c.. 
I en QI 

." ~ QO'< 

.... "C ...... QO 
n· 3 :E tD ", 

3: n c... ~ tD ~ 
_o:J ttl 
:J""... ~ 
'" c: tD QI ~':J .... '< 

~ 
!= 

~ 
~ 

~ 

~» 0", 
- '" 
=0 
::In 

\C Ci)0 
:Ent 
=a. 

C-~ /'Dc: 
0-
I'D 
::l ,.. 

'" m 
I'D 

c'" n;> 0 n I: 0 <$ n en "':l'" '< ,... (") c.. a .... ID = -' :; nC'." ... e. I; 
:!. :r t't. ~ C e:::I ~. 0 I't :; e: ~ :r 0 e:;:r = t": ; ~ 0 :s "0 1 < .. 

--< () - ~ ~ = = E <' =: =; - ~ :I = ~. = _ s' e: i ~~. 0"& g c: g . n .., 
. s." " 0"" '* -< " 5 J: - " :..'§ . '* - ""..,, ' 5·" : - il -. _ (") l: !!..e:"::ll c;.;J _0 ~:r= _~;-a_lii e t":~ -",_I!:;. ~t')!lC> c ~ _.- -:r C>~ ~. ~ co,,- -& - -~ :. g C; g'g.~ t'\ =-!i'"~ _ flt;-g g.'< a,;;l~ e ~ -~-:"~t":~ 

0" c~":r1PI~nc~ .. o.,~~c.._. ~(t. ,<",c.\., oC', ~~ :;;~ : ,," .. ~~~~~~ ~ r~ ~ e:Sl~a ;~tl.£.~i;~ Q~; 
C;; ~ :r c = '" """ " ~ " " c-:l ~ :r" " - .. .. ~ 2.. e r. 5' !! 
- 0 t't Q C __ aft;' == !""'S " !: - .;' c.. e * < t\ ",. I:: c~ • e 
::r' ., t:. (';' c':;.' _ S::!. 'e ilII (t ::r' n =- n _ "< ; ' 
Y> !f ~." ~ '§ - li ~ ~ <l' = :r: g a ~ 5 ~ ~. !!. '< " ;. ~ !: ~ . r. if. ~ ~ Q..:':r: r =:-0 ~ ~~ <§.. ~ g (t' r~ g ft ~ 5 -= S' ~ a - 3 g.. g 
;- " :> - i ;- ~! ;! - ::.; - ~ to - ~ : l; " s..;. ~ " '" r Ii - . g ~ 
e =0.. g!To a." ;. E..;; -;. i g..;:">" :-'C 5· Ii" " ... ~ e '"ii- ~ " g.. ~" 
o "CI ., a ~ E; 5' :: CL 0 = It :.. I: ~ c."'C! C e:: C ' ~. = ~E" .. ~ ... ,,- ::':r~"CO?~~~i;""~e" c ..... -(I; -'<.,a.-_" 0.,-,.. . ... - '~-,.. ...... ~ ilII : c.=~ ~ :r:rrta.."':' . • ;::~St~ _1i'~( ~~(; ... ~-5'"r 
e e (i -:. " !?,,, " !..,,;- = ~ _.;: "-l!'i C> ~ .. e - ell r s • .r: ~ 
"<a "'Oo_..,,(i(n..,a Q..Q..=g..,,:rc_S,,<_o e: ii( 
"CI c :!. _ :r,.... _ :r <' ~ 0 "'= __ c..::.; g S ~ ~ g ~ = t en - 5. R 1~ n :rL~:r2.,,~~ ~:r:r"~_n~e.,.~.=~a~= 

• t't ('t: til ., ~ ('t: c: (J: ;;ret I t't n Q..;;r . rl I "'!: tti ~ ~ at a I I ;r t 

i 
?--
f'l 

i 
:z 
en 

:.-
~ 

t 
10' 
cI' 
r g. 
;:s 

~;I;~~ ;~;i!1 u ~oil!hi . ~1 · i·hjhi~ . ' ~l li61·!il~ ~~ i:tl~~J' 
7r __ . ~':::. a.n a. _1:1. ni::~'::=. a.n a. 0 0 8 
,-- -~X~i ---i~f~F· :n~~~~~I29.f~fiit~ ~~~~~~~~~l~l I.o~~sll~~~f~g~ 1~1~~~~I~ii8 'i!fl~fgfg~!!.!!j§~ ~ s . s:u.§.Ul-~ai., ~ ~~~~if~-a~ iii~¥¥¥ n~. 

II 
II i.'1 Ii f~ 

~ '=: ~ e .::!: .!. oS .9. 

~1~~~~·iU tl H 2t ~If~hi§ U t. l~ Ii · ~ij;~~~ ' . ~I"~i &~ Iftjl3iel . "'II !:~ ~&.a ~·;'i. ~~":i ~~ 

3 C\ c:: 
",,0'< 
... 0. ... 
tD J 

"C tD 
III ~ 

~ 
- ...... O'J 
Qle: 

.8: 
o 
:::l 
'" 

!!. ~~¥ i:03~ ___ ~aaa &5!!. 
ca~~ ~i ~a =I~ !!.!!.!!.!!.~m~ 3 ~ il!~!!,~~g·~~:JI~5S~ ~~b'!QiiI ~ii ~il~~~~IlE~~~B[ ~~~i~l~ ~~~ 

s: 3~ I~ 
IV':.< 
"C» 
3"C 

III 

-!!l! !·tl!U!i ~'" i .. ~ B.iil a.~ oali U :< an 2,,¥'gi=;of · 3~i!Oa.i 0' .. o ~lj"'-S. ""'- !!.""'~ ~iii!· ~'" =h· i ~~fe ~i · 1 ~~~!~ l&_ i ~~ a ~ ~.! i: i ~~ I 'I i~ !i. I.; , ~6 =~ ~ ~i~::.· ~~. i I~ · I ilJi ~i- .!1 i.[~ . r ~. ~i H~l i~ 
! .iHi n- a ~ ~ - ~3.~ . - ~ ~ ~oiI = l i 

::. et~ a~ if ~ ~ 
--",.- ~'oi! I! 
t ~S ii J~!i I iil ::.~ Iil~ ;!! iOli 

00 

.. I!· ;!!S~ a& ~ ll:ha. 19. 
,. ",Un ~~ f iaC">!~ ~::.. 
!i u~ ~ !;li 

I 1- ~ nf I ~ li[ :. : ~ ;;;. I ~il . l ! "". lilt c:f II· 
t ~~l 
i ~ i 

i i 

!i a.::. B.ia n~ ~ ~m nO ~ "'.. a i l· o~ 3 0- 5· 
5 "i \I! ~.~ ~ ~ • 
~ .. ·· i~tCl ~ . s:! 
i B · 

.. ::. 

.. I!t 

to fee increases, for example, Hill noted 
thai the current responses -letter writing 
and lobbying - have not worked How· 
ever, he could not provide any alternative 
approaches to fighting the increases. Hill is 
certainly to be credited for his honesty, but 
this 1adc of depth and vision and his inabil-
iry to formulate clear proposals make him 
a Iess-than appealing candidate. 

D.A. .. t.llDltaseemstohaveaclearef 
grasp on the issues, aI least in tenns of 

~g specific courses of action. 
Along with hisexPenence as anAS. senior 
senator from Revelle College, BanaIotta 
also served three-yearson the AS. Judici81 
Board, a stint on the University Center 
Board (UCB) when it filed its lawsuit 

U.P. Rdministratiue 
Carla Tesak 

oil ~ f ~ 
i &! :5 I· i ~ ~~ B~ I . I · ~ 
i 11 1i ~ f ~~J. ~ 
,," I- .: !l' ~ 
• a!!!, ,?;;i • . • '" = 

oj 
I J Wi _~--'''''' 

Bartaloaa's proposals treads the fine lineof "reincotpOratedisenfranchisedgroups. "In with Koalawear from the beginning and is rather naive and ignores the fact that most *- "'1EIUqIMe 
ethical propriety. He talked about forming essence, the presidential race boils down to seems full of ideas on how to expand that of the AS. publications appeal to a limited R. Wade Rosado 
a political action conunittee which would vision. Of all the candidates, Siwabessy program. What is most impressive about audience. Fwthennore, she is said to op- This year more than ever, the comm.is-
contributemoneyto"lobbiesthataregoing understands where the AS. Council is Malik is thai she not only talksabout action, pose a plan thai would give each of the sioner of operations, services and enter-
to help students and student issues." Stu- heOOed More importantly, his abiliry to she is able t~ deliver. For that reason, we media their own iOOividuaJ harddrive, a prises is a key position for the future of the 
dents wouldbeencouraged,Bartalottasaid, articulate his goals will provide valuable endon;e Malik for VP fmance. plan that would ~ production effi· AS. The race forthisoffice revolvesaround 
tocontributemoneywhichwouldresultin leadcrship to the new council. We strongly ciency.Inspiteofthis,webelievethatParlc the issue of entrepreneurship. The next 
making legislators more accountable to endorse this candidate for the presidency. ~ ...... 1_" Ext ..... Aff8Irs will only grow into the office, and she is a commissioner will have to look forways to 
students. At best, the type of influence- Nick E~es . . . competent candidate for commissioner. offer new services, while aI the same time 
peddling which Bartaloaa advocates bor· VIce ..... lident M............ ~ Vice president eXtema1. posmon, We endorse her candidacy. increasing the efficiency of currenl opera-
derson the morally questionable. At worst, Carla resale ~~Ionally one of ~. most rrnponant Coil.i' II 1_ of ...... 1..... tKw. Two candidates withre1ativeJy simi-
it runs the risk of complete conuption. The second most powerful position on posJUons on the council, IS responsible for Robb Earnest Jar platfonns are vying for the position this 

WhileBartaloaahashis"cuttingwaste" theAS.Council,thevicepresidentadmin- dealing with groups outside of UCSD, The conunissionerof progranming is year. 
patter down, he doesn't seem to grasp that istrativeisresponSibleforconductingcoun- most notably local and state goverrunent one of the few positions which affects the ........... the AS. parI.iamemar_ 
entrepreneurship is the key to expanding cil meetiogs and all campus-wide appoint- As in past years, the VP external will be daily lives ofUCSD students. The position, ian, has worked closely with John 
AS. revenues. He dismissed the AS. 's ments. responsible for leading the fighl against which is responsible for scheduling mov- Ouistensen, the current commissioner. 
Koa1awear and refrigerator rental sesvices c.taT .... thecurrentsnxlentadvo- budgel c~ts and lobbying the state Iegisla- ies, concerts, TGs and other events, boils Bakken Wlderstands theimportanceofrais.-

as programs thai will "suck up the cate, is rumingW1OppOSedforthis position, lUre. Previously, the office has been held by down to a two-man race between the in- ing revenue and has given thought to such 
money" from the AS. Bartalotta meaning that she will likely be elected ina students who favo~ tactics which ulti· cumbentCommissionerRobbEamestand new services as a personalized clothing 

ignores the fact that these ~ landslide. But even ifTesak faced compe- mately worked agamst what they were Philip Blaze Misiowiec, a relative new- store, refrigerator rentals, Koa1awear and 
grnms are more than likely to tition in this election, she would still de- hoping t~ achieve. For thai rea:-on' NIck comer to campus politics. AS. Ads (which would be an ad service 
make up their cost several serve to be elected to this office. Quite ..... IS a breath of fresh rur. He has Misiowiec stresses thai detenninalion, for the alternative media). Based on 
times over. For his opposition simply, Tesak's understanding of the vice workedintheextemaiaffairsofficefortwo notexperience,shouldbetheprimaJyquali- these programs, Bakken has a clear 
to such programs, Bartalotta president administrative's duties as well as years. As a result, he has seen which meth- fication for the post, and he certainly does grasp on the entrepreneurship side 
claims thai others have labeled the issues surrounding next year's council ods have worked and which methods have not lack the fonner. Indeed, Misiowiec's of the office. However, he lacks a 
him a "conservative." A more make her an excellent choice for the posi- not. We strongly endorse his candidacy. plans include ambitious proposals to in- clear vision on expanding and 

appropriale label would be tion. crease the frequency ofTGs, establish an- increasing the efficiency of ex-
"short-sighted." In the thankless task of keeping peace Ccw ••• I I I ID._ fI# Ac:_. mIc Aff8Irs other reggae festival and tentatively move isting services. His plan to ex· 

............ _Iil'is during the often volatile A.S. meetings, lohnBarnes . . " AS. movie nights to the weekencL One of pand AS. lecture notes, for 
certainly not the perf&t candi- Tesak said she would not allow any per- Thecomrrussl~rof~caffarrs hisbenerproposaJsisacampus-wideblues example,seems rather naive. 

dateforpresident.Asvicepresident sonal attacks and would remove council ~Ids ~ thankless job - a. high worldoad festival. While these events would he won- R. w.dIt ........ bet-
administrative on this year's council, members from the meeting who were out With linle glory or presage. Of all the delful, it is doubtful if Misiowiec would ter understands the entre-

Siwabessy was well known for what of order. In this way, she would be the candidates in this year's election, none is have the resources to pull them off. The preneurship side. While 
might be genrously called a short fuse. sobering yin to Siwabessy's raging yang. more impressive than John Bames, the sole problem with his candidacy is that he has possessing no AS. expe-

While Siwabessy's temper may at times Fwthennore, her position on the Co-op candidate for commissioner of academic many fme plans, but little idea of how to rience,heiscurrentlystan-
hinder his leadership skills, we believe that Negotiatiating Comminee has given heran affairs. Barnes recognizes the primary ar· implement them. ing his own business, 
he is the best choice for AS. president understanding of thai issue's dynamics. easofconcem for his position. He hopes to Eamestiscomingoffhiscurrenttenure which gives him some quali· 

Of all the candidates, Siwabessy seems Tesak is well·versed on everything from establish more consistent policies toward as Commissioner of Programming with fication for such a business-
to understand whatdirectiontheAS.should student advocacy to autonomy, and we grading and medical excuses. Anotherpro- mixed reviews. He stumbled early, and oriented position. Like Bakken, Rosado 
take next year. His primary focus will be to strongly endon;eherfor VPadministrative. posaI he plans 10 push for is to move the many of his events have been the victim of understands the need for new services. But 
shift the A.S. Council from a bureaucratic, PassINo Pass deadline to seventh week. bad luck, inclement weather or problems of equal imponance, Rosado is running on 

~ 

~ 
::s 
:-
';< 

~ 
2J. 
Y' 
...... 

t 
Ii 

C;, t; 
ne la0:s-3 Oil 01 spechKS, we oeueve 

Rosado has thecapabiliry to be aneffcctive 
commissioner, and we endorse him for the 
post 

CW.,I ria JrrDf ..... IIJIAdwaray 
Matthew Winter 

The newest elected post on the ballot, 
theconunissionerofstudentadvocacy rep-
resents students in cases like grade appeals 
oracademicdishonesty. MlltWMlr,the 
lone candidate, is an A.S. senator who was 
second in command in the student 
advocate's office this year. F~, 
he has interned in a criminal defeme 
attorney' soffice.Forthisexperience, which 
makes him uniquely qualified for the posi-
tion, we strongly endorse WJntcr for c0m-
missioner of student advocacy. 

u.P. FinaJ112 
NeenaK Malik 

Here are OUT recommendations for this weeks AS elections. The editorial board did rwt recommend candidates 
for every position because we felt that many caTulidates were not qunlified enough to recieve an endorsement. 

Executive I VICe President External Affairs Commissioner of Operations/Seroices Revelle College Soplwmore Senator Third College Sophomore Senator Nicholas Endres -Student Action Now! .zr & Enterprise Greg Hearn ~ Cecily Wait ~ 
President R. Wade Rosado - Green ~ Eric Xanthopoulos 0 Raoul Amescua 0 
James R. Hill 0 CommissiOilers Greg Bakken - Student Action Now! 0 
Randolph Siwabessy - Student Action Now! ~ Commissioner of Student Advocacy I Muir College Senior Senator I Warren College Senior Senator 
D.A. Bartolotta 0 Commissioner of Academic Affairs Matthew Winter - Student Action Now! ~ Elliot Kamin o Marc Healy 0 

John Banles - Student Action Now! ~ 
VICe President Administrative 

qJ I Commissioner of Communications Senators Muir College Sophomore Senator Fifth College Junior Senator Carla Tesak - Student Action Now! ~ Asher Adelman 0 Andrew Clark - F"1fth Like That 0 Bik-Na Park - Student Action Now! Revelle College Senior Senator Nick Prihuss 0 
VICe President Finance Commissioner of Programming Max Seltzer 0 Third College Junior Senator 
Wallace Lockwood 0 Robb Earnest ~ Michael Lim 0 Fifth College Soplwmore Senator 
JerryLu 0 Philip Blaze Misiowiec 0 Revelle College Junior Senator Jessica Wiley - Fifth Like That 0 
Neena K. Malik - Student Action Now! .zl David Valentine 0 Tammy Jade Lu 0 



10 SPECIAL CQ¥MENTARY SECTION 

SIWABESSY: 
ConIIn_ fnIm .... 03 
dIIIlhe SIUdenIS ha~ inveslCd a lot in !he co-ops 
aI we ha~ III make 11ft !hal iflhe co-opslcave, 
we need ID IIIIiaIain Ihe IefYica lhallhey pr0-
vided. I WIllI clap IJt&eb. Like !he GIIllrdiall 
said CII1ier,l WIllI cheap .,.ts .... If !he aHlpS 

Iea~ !he SIUdenIs will be left dIy. We must 
prOIeI.1the 5IUdenIs. So one provision thai we 
added in the IgImlICIItlhal we signed was that 
thp co-ops alii Iea~ und take their assets off-
CIqIUL However,Ihey muslleaveenoushmoney 
for $III1;Jp CIl5IS. Then we mllSl VIlle. This is 
SOITICIhingthat wasextremely impDl1d.lguess 
the GSA belieYes in more of an equII power 
beIweaIIheGSAIlldA.S. We belicvein propor-
IionaI represenraIion. We belit-~ thai since there 
are more uncIerpduIIcs than graduaIe stUdents. 
the ~ SIUdenIs should have man: 

~in!hedecisioo-makinaonwhclher 
or not to Slay with the co-op agJmIlCI1t I think 
the saddening pan about this whole process was 
that there should have been a conference be-
tween !he A.S. and lhe GSA. We're all srudents, 
tighl'l But again. I think it should be expected 
because Ihe GSA has so many different intereslS 
lhan we do. They repraenl a differenl group of 
people. 
........... ,.. ....... _-
... " .......... t', I ....... 
"'r-'I 

Wlw we didn'l do this year for the negotia-
lions was get the SIudenl groups 10 sit together. 
Foc example, the A.S., GSA, co-ops and UCB 
didn't sillogether enough. I mean. we met twice 
maybe, bul we didn'l meet enough. So what 
happens is we communiaued through memos, 
lluoogh letters and Oller the phone which should 

HILL: 
ContInued fnIm pace 02 
out as soon as possible. don'l deal with any 
issues. I think if people CWt get a little time to 
relax,that'sanwy way 10 get together. It would 
probably be the simplest way to try 10 do lhat. 
__ I .... ,.. ....... 
....... ~_,., •• I 'a 
.... ..., ....... _ ..... ILI_ 
• «_tnt., .. ...., .... ,... 
..-.. -....... ~ ... ,. 
........ ...,,.._ ........ ..c 
• 'I tIC.,.. ClOII3d .1 .. a .. tile 
-...", 

Why I was against il in !he beginning. I was 
against it because I didn'l wan! it 10 change from 

beefrective, bul ... we ~ different alIIUiIuen-
c:ies,differentpoupL The A.S.1his y.-1Ook1he 
leadcnhip ani _ in there and said, "Okay. 
let's rome up with a solution 1iO!he CIHIpl ClIII 
Slay on aunpus." Well.IICllI)Uf, if this problem 
isllillon.lhe A.S. needoItoFlOUl !here aI say. 
''Oby, let's mee~ let'seome toselher. We're all 
sIUdents, let· 5 Ii« what our differences are, wr il 
out and try 10 rome to a soIulion." The A.S. 
should not cornc OUI with its own solution, the 
co-ops should not come OUt with !heir own 
soIution,the GSA should not come OUI wi!h its 
own solution. WIllI should happen is Ihey all 
should come out with a collective solution. and 
31 the end. they shouldllli go 10 theadminislration 
with this coIleaive solution. 
....... ,..-... ,..~ .. 
....... ,.. ............ ... 
...... ,.._It 

What I don 'tlike aboul the council this year 
is probably Ihe excessive bureaucracy. There's 
been a 101 of complaints about lhe council play-
ing with bylaws and SlUtrlike1haI. Well, this year 
we did that, but we also 3CCOOtpi ished a Io! of 
things through lhese bylaws. For example, lite 
constiIutional convention - this is a question 
!hat stUdents have been concerned wilh for so 
many years .. .. So we established constitutional 
convention bylaws. which is very important. It 
look a long time. but I thoughl il was very 
important. Another lhing was we established 
new setVice and ~ that we fell were 
imponant- refriger.llocrentaJs, A.S. ads which 
would provide :utd 1001; for ads for differenl 
medias and KoaI:iwear which will sell clothing 
articles for !he A.S. Foc c-.sch one. we also have 
to deal chancn; and bylaws. However. we have 
all these importanlthings. in council meetings 
we wony about. "Well, should we pul a comma 

the name Third College. II 's probably personal, 
bull' ve been here for Ihree ·yeaJ1i. and I like the 
name, and I feel 10 pul another name on it, any 
person .... You can come as close to ponraying 
the ideals as close 3S possible. bul you can 'I ever 
be exact I feel Third College is all-inclusive of 
all individuals of every type, bul by pulling a 
cenain name on iI, you Iimil in some way or 
another. Jj~esay. Thurgood Marshall was black. 
He's black, that's one .. .;ce, that's nOI 311 the 
me:es. It 's lhat simple. 
...... ,..._~ ... A.S.. .. ,.. 
... ,...". .., ... wIIrIt .... ,. 
_1IIIl,......,. •• .s, ..... .... 
,..1IIe __ ) , r 

MOSI of wlliltl hear aboul A.S. comes front 
lhe senators lhat are from Third College. I hear 

The UCSD Guardian 

beflR that 'and' oc is thai a clause?" ... Quta 
T csIk. who is rwwU"I for vic:e presicIenI dnin-
i>ll1llive wi'" me, and I have come up with a 
solution IhaI mighl wtn. This year what hap-
pens wi'" fUllllCC comminee is !hat all finance 
c:omminee decisions are futlll una il is pulled 
from convninee. Well. we're thinkq about 
doing the same !hing for all the commitk!eS so 
lhal il would basically empower!he committees. 
Thecommineeswould addressllhcsedccisionsJ 
mlR effectively, and once it comes 10 council 
say. "Okay, unless we have a problem. we won'l 
pull il." So we can addms more issues durin& 
council meeting. 
..... ~,,.. ............ . 
I " n '_: n , .... '" 
......... ,. ..... 1'. __ 

., II' 
I'm not sure if I'm IPinglo press foril.lel me 

lell you lhat because lhere's been a Io! of need. 
However. you must be careful with what nfigtu 
happen because I feellhat the CUJreltI SIrUCIUre of 
lhe A.S., the basic structure'of lhe A.S., is good. 
What we need to do is centralize maybe lite 
execulive body and give execulives more power 
10 do things and maybe provide more unity 
wilhin executives, because righl now we have 
lite presidenlandexecutivesand ... commission-
ers who are not accouruable to anybody e~cept 
for stUdents at large. So we don'l come up with 
any type of unified solution, unified agenda. If 
we threw a constitutional convention, we could 
dolllis. bul again !here is the possibilityof are the 
people going 10 have a general assembly. If Ihe 
stUdents waru that, that's fine , bull personally, 
and I think it's my job 10 lead the council and Ihe 
Sludenl body, I personally would prefer a more 
organized SII"IIClIIre of !he A.S. Council so lhat 
we could address issues more effeclively. So a 

aboul il during the meeting. From what I hear. 
lhere's a lot of fingerpoinling and a lot of argu-
ments going on every week. I'd like 10 see Ihe 
councfl come I~thermae and unite before Ihe 
body can even go 10 council. I'd like to see !hem 
come togetlterand wor1< logether. I'd I ike to have 
thaI done by having things outside of councils 
lhemselves. like some sort of retre:ll where fun 
things are done. where people get 10 know each 
other so that !hey can work logether on 3 more 
friendly basis. 
"""....,.,,. ......... ~ 
....,_ r , ..... .-,..,... 
.............. CI M'ldIt;"''' 
,.. ..... '-., ........ ~ II-. ... .-,. .... _ It 
ct , r 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
PRESIDENTS WASHINGTON 
SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 

Financial Assistance in the form of a scholarship may 
be available to you for aD, C, internship if you meet the 
following requirements: 

* Sophmore status with at least 78 units at 
time of application; 

* Must demonstrate financial need; 
* 3,0 G,P.A, or higher; 
* At least one quarter of undergraduate study 
remaining upon return from the internship 

SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION 
DEADLINE 

FOR FALL '93 D.C. 
INTERNSHIP IS APRIL 30,1993 

Contact: Academic Internship Program 
3255 Literature Building 
534-4355 

constilUlionai convention is !here, bulilhink III 
empower thole c:omminees I don't think we 
need 10 go throupI thar. All we have 10 do is 
amend the bylaws and change lite internal stnIC-
lUre of the A.S. 
, ........... ,., ....... .... 
....... "' ... I ..... , ...... ,. .... 
,.. .. ,. ....... .., ........... .. 
..... ... ,.., i 

I lhink I will be able 10 lead lhe council 
effectively fll'Slofail because of my experience. 
Experience is very imponanl because you know 
theirvterwootingsof!he A.S. Also, I knowaboul 
the co-op negotiaIions. I know aboullhe co-op 

issues.lha~plansforstudent:wtonomy,lknow 
about the SlUdcnI aulDItOIlty JlIOPOSaI !hal's been 
broughl up. I know aboulthe different segments 
oncampusbecwse I've been involved in various 
organizations on campus beflR.... However, 

evenrnon:imponanl.l lhin~,artplansandgools. 
With goals. people can see, "Okay, what does 
Randolph want? He just wants to IeOO the coun-
cil? How. When:doeslte wanllo lead us loT So 
if we have an end. if! provide lhecouncil with an 
end ... I'll be able 10 le'oId lhecouncil effectively. 
For example. I think one way 10 Ieltd lite council 
is by having an organized council.. .. What we 
are proposing 10 do is establishing departments 
to go 10 on carnpus-widc: issues. This would 
seem on a shallow level 10 be more bure:w-
cracy .... Butlhesedeportmerusare really neces-
sary ju.o;t like the Aeademic Affairs Departmenl 
and lhe External Affairs Departmenl. So what I 
propose to do is have a Parking Affairs Depan-
ment to be headed by an ex=uve advocate and 
be composed of different students at large. One 
example wouldbeahemativehousing. We would 
have an execulive advocale that would wor1< on 
this issue. focus on lhis issue day in and day OUI 

Asfaras I know-I haven' l reallygoneinlo 
detail when I read the constilUtion - il does 
seem vague in many places.:utd I wouldbeall for 
revising the constilulioo. bul I don'llmow ex-
llCtlywhere I would start. I would be open forany 
suggestions. perttaps a forum of students saying 
where IItey lhink the changes should be made. 
.......... ,..-...nt......,,. .... 
• rae. It [.rllall .... ~ 
""") ...... A.S.. ..... ,." ~ 
,... ............... ....",. 
...... _ ............... . 
....... IIt ............. ,....., 

That's a really IDUgh connie! from what I 
understand. I think that !he A.S. has done a good 
job thus far with it As far as getting !he solution 
10 the problem, I would think IIta! thm just needs 

Momlay, April 5, 19')3 

and communicate wilh lite council and execu-
tives day in. day out tiC) we know wital' ~ hIIppen-
iog. Communicate wilh part.;ing officcrs,lo Tom 
Tucker, 10 Joe WaISOII, 10 whoever we ~ III 
talk 10. Under I an executive advllC3le I we would 
have senators who are inlerested in lhis issue, 
studenIS who are interested in this issue. I know 
for a fIK1 that Ihe Gn:eks are eXln:mely il.er-
ested in this issue. Hey. there' s our COIIlition. 
ri"lI? There's our people power .... Ithink!hat 
we'lI hi! able 10 lKkIress issues more effectively , 
and I'll be able 10 lead lite council nne effec-
tively. 

~"''''''''''I C 3\; • ...,. 
., ....... ,..IItntC •• r. ;t.. 
,.. ... _ ......... Do ,..1PIlIIt 
...... ..,.. to ... .., .. I , , 

---.... ,....~ This year I felllhat sometimes there's too 
much petty politicking and per.oonaJ allneks. 
Actually, I experienced II per.;onaI attack on me 
last qu:uter. and if il' s on me. lhat· s fine. That· s 
me. I mean, I'mchairoflhe council, just !;Ike it, 
righl? BUI when it happen., to OIher people, 
sonlelimes I need 10 pul my fOOl down. No 
per.;onaI anacks because tlte council is divided as 
it is .... Wilh personal all<lCks. lite divisions will 
be even larger, and if we avoid per.;onaI attacks 
front the beginning. lhat will be much better. A 
lot of people _ that as temper. I see thaI as 
necessity. And sometimes, people would just 
backstab. obvious bockstaIlbing. and il' s just 001 
good. And this year, I would provide thai leader-
ship. and wor1<ing with the commissioners and 
theexeCutive5. hopefully if we can come up wi!h 
uniled execulives and conunissioners lhal will 
lrickle down to the rest of lhe council because 
wilhauniledcouncil we will be able to deal with 
issues nne effectively. 

to be more. thaI we need to show tlte administra-
lion a bigger response. There's 001 • lot of 
response from lite sludent body lIS u whole. 
TItere'S Iikeacenain!,'TOUpofpeoplelhal arc for 
lhe co-ops and everyone else seems 10 be JUSt OUI 
lhere. If you were to think ofilas an election. you 
have 10 percent againsl and 90 percent without 
a response. So you Ihink lhal litosc 90 percenl 
either don'l <-arc or arc lOr il bee.u..: they 're 001 
speaking out againsl il. So il wo"'s agwnst you 
in tltm way. We need to gct more students 
involwd. That·s prell)' much what I see. 
.......... It .. ,....,.. ... CIHIpa 

-~, 
I think it' s very imponant Prices at the Pril:l: 

Cenler arc outrageous. II' 5 a way for students 10 
See HILL, Page 12 

. , .. 

Monday, April 5, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Much Ado About Referenda 
n addition to the candidates for the 
assortedstudentgovemment posts, 
lhere are several constitutional 
amendments and referenda on the 
baUor this spring which students 
are asked to votefor or against The 
following are the measures and our 

recommendations: 

1he CanIIIIutIonII ........... 
In recent years, the Associated Stu-

dents Council has become obsessed 
with tinkering with its constitution. Of 
the five constitutional amendment mea-
sures on the current ballor, four are 
revisions of various pans of the existing 
constitution, drafted ostensibly to 
"clarify" the role of the AS, The other 
reclassifies an elected position as an 
appoinled post. 

With the exception of the fifth mea-
swe, the Guardian recommends that 
students reject the entire assortment of 
constitutional amendments the A.S. 
Council has spent so much time and 
effon debating, drafting and revising. 

The current crop of amendments is a 
confusing morass of policies and proce-
dures (affecting everything from the 
"mission" of the council to when special 
elections are to be held) that is hardly 
distinguishable from the regulations it 
was meant to simplify. Students should 
reject any of these amendments they 
cannor: understand ataglance,norshould 
theyassume thattheAS. Council knows 
what it is doing when fonnulating these 
measures. The student body needs to 
send a clear message that it is tired of 
student government inertia 

Students understand that the AS. 
Council is only capable of doing so 
much. Its power i limited in a number 
ways, in part because of administration-
imposed barriers, but in many ways 
because of baniers of its own making . 
Until this year, words such as "empow-
ennent" and "autonomy" have existed 
solely as campaign buzzwords over-
used by candidates and derided by cyn-
ics. Recent events, most notably the 
negotiations to put the student co-ops 

whit 
2 hours 'UI 

sinca 

At A GIII1C8 ••• 
Constlbrtlonal Amendments 
• Measures A, e, C, 0 - No 

• Measure E - Yes 

Referenda 
• Question 1 - Yes 

• Question 2 - No 

• Question 3 - No Endorsement 

• Question 4 - No Endorsement 

under the control oftheA.S" have made 
real autonomy a possibility. 

The current constitution is woefully 
inadequate for such a move. It is a bulky 
and confusing document, with contra-
dictions and paradoxes jumping out on 
every page. The amendment process is 
clearly incapable of managing the 
changes necessary to making the con-

With Visa® you're accepted at more than 10 million places 
around the world, nearly three times more than American Express. 

Just in case you ever come up a little short 
Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION 011 

stitution a coherent document For that 
reason, we urge the A.S. to jettison the 
current constitution a1logether and con-
vene a constitutional convention with 
the express purpose of drafting an alI-
new constitution. 

The only amendment on the ballot 
currently worth any serious consider-
ationisConstitutionaiMeasweE, which 
changes the status of the Commissioner 
of Operations, Services and Enterprises 
from an elected to an appointed posi-
tion. We think this is a very good idea. 
The director of operations and enter-
prises is responsible for oven;eeing the 
various AS. -run businesses, such as 
SoftReservesandAssortedVinyl. Whcr 
ever takes the position needs to be a 
manager, not a politician. We believe 
thi is a positive step in the direction of 
constitutional refonn and should be in-
cluded in the new constitution when it is 
written. 

Several candidates have agreed that 
there is a need for a new constitution. 
The first step toward this goal must be a 
rejection of the quick-fix amendment 
process thai the AS. has come to rely 
upon. The new AS. needs an incentive. 
Therefore, the Guardian urges you to 

V .... USA Inc 1993 __ --J 

VOle 110 on Constitutional Measures A. 
B, C and D, and yes on Constitutional 
Measure E, 

1he ............ ~. 
Each year, students are asked to 

answer certain questions designed to 
gauge their opinions on various su~ 
jects. 'The outcomes of the referenda 
queSlions are not binding, and, tradi-
tionaUy, most of the suggestions or rec-
ommendations which come out of the 
results are ignored or forgonen. This 
year offers a small crop of mostly use-
less questions. With the exception of 
Question I, none are worth the students' 
attention. 

Qn..tIonl 
Shouldlhe RlMAC facility and IIII' $701 
sllIdentlqllarrer($2101 sflldenflyear)fee 
be overseen and managed by a Sflllielll 
facilities board? 

This question essentially closes the 
debate about RlMAC, the controversial 
sports and events facility approved by 
students in a highly-{;ontested special 
election in 1990. Its critics argue that the 
student body approved the facility be-

See REFERENDA, Page 9 

UCSD 
SUPER 
SAVER 

HE 
OZE 

• Long-stemmed Rose 

• Carnations 

• Lilies 

• You nanie it! 

HE 
OZE 

Show your UCSO 10 
Exp. 5/ 5/93 

Cash and carry only 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

'an Diego, CA 92122 

558-8666 



12 SPEClli. COMMENTARY SECTION 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

kotes E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtI_",J"'.d~, at .... """ • MrruUcr AIlA, CIJA, SJXIJS 

LA JOUA VILLAGE PlOFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VULA LA JOUA DI.., SUITE 2103 
T,p Fillr, jlllt btlJillll tbt Elcpbnl/t Hnr 

558·3490 
Epmill~ & Snrurdn-, 

A/p.illhlltHfS Apaililb/, 

Meet with Vice Chancellor 
Joseph Watson in an 

Open Forum on 
Fee Increase and Financial Aid 

Thursday, April 8 
3:30-5:00 p.m. 

The Cove(Price Center) 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

NCAA 
FINAL FOUR 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 

Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AI R HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

call 1414 ext. 6220 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR SPRING 93 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY APRIL 9 3 PM 

ERGRADUATE 

RANTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

HILL: 
ContInued fIom pace 010 
give: beck tosludenls wilhout havingtopay those 
prices. lI's also an issue as 10 whether !he SIU· 
delli' have a righllO COIIII'OIlhemseIves. 
................... .,..~ 
..,c.... .......... ~ ........... 
..... ~ ....... ~C.-cI ... 
.... ...-._1.. "h •• 
.. _r.-.. ........ VIle a.. 
... w.... ................. .. 

~ ........... 1I11 '77' •• .., 
.. uca .......... ,...A.I. ~ 
........................ , 

Sraning wilh lhe Third College srandpoim. 
Third College is againsl sending a person 10 !he 
newly fonned UCB. We fell thaI the diseslalr 
lislunem of lhe UCB was inappropriale by !he • 
universily and il was just an ~ive action 
toward SlUdenlS. I realize lhal UCB needed 10 
follow ... once needed some way 10 fighl !he 
universily wilh n:gllllh 10 lhe UCB issue, bul on 
the Iawsuil irsel f, l'm IlOl sure !hey wenllhrough 
the proper channels eX3Clly. Al UCLA, lhere 
was anoIher issue regarding lhis. and I don'l 
know if!hey conracled them aboul illn !he end. 
UCLA did win, and I don·1 know if !hey were 
ablelocon18ct!hem in any way ordeal wilh . . .. 
Do you undersland whal I' 01 saying? I lhink 
!here was inappropriale behavior on bolh sides, 
bulllhink lhal something needed 10 be done by 
!he SlUdenlS in a silUalion like !his. and I would 
expect lhal!he regenlS would respond in such a 
way. 
WIIIIt ........ tile A.I. do..., 

WhaI should the AS. do now? I'm aware 
lhal !he A.S. has designed anolher advisory 
board II hasn' l really been circulalCd a Iol, bul 
they're in !he process of designing one right 
now. And l!hink thaI would probably be !he besl 
idea because righl now lhe newly fooned advi· 
SOl)' board. lacks any SlUdeR! opinion. II has 
Sludenl opinion. bul il really doesn'l mean a 
whole 101. You have a SlUdenI represemative.bul 
you don'l have one from SAAC. I don'lknow if 
the olher organizoIrions were IlOl included on 

thai. BUI you havea~ve, bulall you do 
isadvise,and !headminislration 'salwaysclaimed 
lhallhal· s what !he UCB was there for. BUI ar!he 
same lime. !he SlUdenI aaiviries fee was allo-
calCd by lhe SIUdenls 10 charge lhemselves 10 do 
srudenI propmming. so il should be run by 
srudenls. And !he adminislralion has conlTOl 
over thai. and SlUdcnlS want control over it at !he 
same time. There needs 10 be some organization 
oulSide of whal Joe WillSOn has come up wilh, 
and outside of the UCB I !hink there should be 
some son of coIlaboralion belwcen the lWO . 
"'1"_ fII 1._ , ... tr_,"'_ 
_ ................ ,.. ...... 
....-........ R/P JII •• lc • 
... _ .. A.I. .. ___ ., fII 

....-c ........... _--' '. .., ......... IAM:_.~_ 
_ ..... iID,. ........... ~ 
lepi" I ",.to .. sue..., ..... .... 
.... 1. I bdI .. 'Do ... .... 
.................. , 

I would lhink thai il would be unfair 10 give 
jusl one organization a vOle. I can see where il 
would be necessaI}' because lhere are a 101 of 
issues lhat SAAC would like 10 deal wilh. and I 
know there's a 101 of problems wilh racial sensi· 
liyity lhallhey would like to deal with, and lhey 
would like 10 have a VOle on lhal. I would lhink 
lhal you should eilher give more of lhem or IlOl 
any in thaI situalion. More organizations vOle or 
IlOl any. 
1' ... lDaIlet tile ......... ..,,...., 
.... _ ......... tI ..... 
_ ........ .., .... -. WIIItt 
..t.., .. te _.AsS..prllldl ......... 
",,,*1 II' 

What hasn·1 wor1<ed. Look al whal hasn' l 
wor1<ed. Lener writing hasn·1 wor1ced, lobbying 
hasn'l wor1ced. A whole 1<)( of Ihings haven· I 
worXed. Hmm, whal exacll y would work. Whal 
would work is every single studenl refusing 10 
pay fees and dropping classes. Thal would wor1c 
because !hen !here would be no money, bul of 
course lhal's IlOl going 10 happen. 'ThaI· sa lough 
quesrion. Rightnow, l really can·llhinkofa way 
to deal wilh thal besides more Ieu= 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

.... _ ...... ,....., .............. 

.. It? ........ ,....., ......... 

.............. ......, ....... .., .. 
,.. ......... ~ ........ II I !ttl 
...... ........, ..... , I, ..,_ 
............ __ 1.1) ....... -
........................ AsS.. ... 
... ....., 

Firslthing.ldon'l knowifrerention i relalCd 
10 fees, or if iI'S relaled 10 !he silUalion of lhe 
uniYersily as a whole. Minorily slUdenls don'l 
wanllO go tO !HE UC syslem or if it's relaled to 
fees . A~ far as keeping people of lower income 
insido.· Ihe school, there needs 10 be some son 01 
revision of financial aicl.obviously,ldon·1 know 
eXaclly how you would rlX lhe financial aid 
silUalion.1 know lhal iI's been changed Ihis year 
10 include more people. bul I don'l know if 
including more people is !he answer, because 
!hen you spread lhe same amoum of money OUI 
10 more people. There has been less money for 
more Sludent organizations. 1llere's been gre:uer 
demand for f ulIds. and !here. s been fewer' funds 
logive .... 
....... ~ ..... _lIDwtodD....,., 

Whall had said was. fund-misers such as lhe 
largesl lhing you could do is gel some son 01 
sponsor fora UCSD evenl or UCSD as a whole. 
IBM or large companies like that On a smaller 
scale,some sonofconununiry·involvememevem 
which could include a five-kilometer run like 
Third College just rettnlly did 
WIIIIt ..... A.I.... .. .... , 

I don't know eX3Clly whal business would 
WOI1c well, bul I do know lhal !he focus of !he 
business should IlOl be on selling 10 lhe SludenlS. 
ootsellinglolhecommunily, ilecauseaflerall iI 's 
lhe studenlS who don'l have !he money 10 buy 
whallhe studenlS are going 10 do. You have lO gel 
lhe money from !hose who have money already. 
which is the communily. 
...... ...,......,. ........ tollllil? 

Off the lop of my he:ld. for no real apparent 
rcasoI1. rye jusl been loying wilh the idea lhall 
would likelosee anolherSlUdem regembe ptaced 
on the regenl board. and lhal's somelhing rd 
really like 10 see. 

Remember: You can vote on Tuesday, 
Wednesday and 'nIursday at: 

• The Main Gym 
• The Price Center 

The Guardian encourages you to exercise your right to vote 

Zenith Demo 
THE CUSTOM COMPUTING SOLUTION FOR 

LESSTHANTHE $1 665 CUSTOMARY PRICE , 
Now there's a system that helps ensure you're buying the 

right computer to meet your needs-both now and later. The 
Z·400+ desktop computer from Zenith Data Systems. 

With an incredible range of processors, memory, mass 
storage, floppy drive and peripheral options 'to choose 

from, y~u can custom tailor a system to your exact 
specifications or applications needs. Local·Bus 

Video provides increased video perfor. 
mance and the H·bit 'True Color" 
option lets you work in up to 16.8 
million colors. Best of all, Z·400+ 
performance and expandability is 

available at an extremely affordable price. 

Look into the Z-400+ to find your perfect fit . 

ZE:\,ITH PHESl::\, 'I ATIO~ • IN STOHE • APHIL 7, 10 a.m. - ) p.m. 

LJr=SD 
(\C)( >K. ' --" (Jill 

ZENITH DATA SVSTEMS 

Mondey, AprilS, 1993 

REFERENDA: 
ContInued fIom 011 
fore the recent fee hikes and budget 
cutbacks made the university more cost 
prohibitive for some students. Theyar-
guethat, in light of these growing finan-
cial burdens, the students should have 
the right to reconsider their original 
decision. 

But that is not what is at issue here. 
The question asks whether or not the 
facility, which is now in the early stages 
of COIlSIIUCtion, should be overseen and 
managed by a student facilities board 
Unequivocally yes - but only as long 
as the board has some real authority and 
I1(l( just the power to bend the vice 
chancellor's ear. At wodc here is the old 
principle of "no taxation withola repre-
sentation." Students are conttibudng a 
Jarge sum of money to RlMAC, far 
morethan they pay in the way of activity 
and university center fees. They are 
entitled to play an active role in how 
their money is used. The Guordian 

encourages you vote yes on Referen-
dwn Question I. 

QlI .... Z 
DoyoufeelthiJlthereisa needfora24-
hour study areaon this campus? (Oasis 
Anna,ourpreviOl4S24-hourstudyarea, 
will ~ closed down at the end of the 
1992·93 ocadonic year.) 

This question attempts to address a 
legitimate need, but neglects to illumi-
nate some of the obvious pitfalls. Open-
ing a 24-hour study area is not simply a 
manerofkeepingaclassroomunJocked 
and leaving the lights on all night Space 
would need to be allocated, a supervisor 
would have to be hired, secwity would 
suddenly be of great concern, not to 
meRion maintenance and housekeep-
ing. It is all too easy to say that such a 
facility is needed without considering 
the realities involved with making such 
a facility available. 

VinuaJly any place can serve as an 
all·night study facility, including the 
lounges of the various residence halls. 

COMING TO SAN DIEGO FOR ONE DAY ONLY: 
LT,O. SHOW BIZ SEMWARS 

The seminar Ihot ~ JNer'f osped of ~ 
!he Entertainment Business .. . 

Featuring Este". '.p".r 
Formerly President of Tepper Gallegos Casting, 
Also appearing a Top Hollywood Talent Agent. 

Saturday April 17 1993 at the Handlery Hotel trl San Diego 
For ReservohorlS co il 800·546·9020 Me I Vlsa umlted ~nrollrT1erlt 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 

The UCSD Guardian 

Students would do weD to take advan-
!age of what facilities they a1ready have 
at their disposaJ, raIher than assume the 
headaches of establishing a new facil-
ity. The Guordian recommends that 
you vote no onReferendum Question 2. 

_nllw.3 
Do you approve if the move by the Vice 
Chancellor if Student Affairs, Dr. Jo-
seph Watson, to disestablish the Uni-
versity Ceriter Board? 

The question is acadetnic. The ac-
tion in dispute, taken by Watson nearly 
twomomhsago, was loudlycondernned 
at the time it occwred and wasanswercd 
withcompletesilm:e. Watson has since 
established a new advisoly board more 
in line with his idea of how a student 

univClSay~committeeshouldfunc­
lion. The now«funct UCB failed to 
obain the injunction it sought against 
Watson's decision. but there are still 
several issues the COUJ1 must consider, 

All of this begs the question: what 
difference does it make what Ihe student 

Aon AOn AOn 
Come see what 

we have to offer ... 
Alpha Omicron Pi 
SPRING RUSH 

O?E?{ !J{OW'E 
Tues., April 6 
7:30-8:30p.m. 

Int'] Ctr. Conference Rm. 
Mocm:y.c l'gm 

Thurs ., April 8 
8:00-9:00p.m. 

Peterson Hall # 102 

Aon AOn AOn 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and spons injuries 
• Back, neck and jOint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALl TODAY fOI AffOIDAilf QUALITY CARE 

SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION 9 

body thinks of Watson's action? Sru-
dents may voice their opinions on this 
matter in any way they wish, but they 
should IlOl be surprised when their in-
dignation is answered with resounding 
indifference. No endorsement. 

~.""'4 
Do you have cOtrjidef/Ce that Dr.Joseph 
Watson. Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs and the tffice if Student Affairs 
are responsive to student needs? This 
question has no legal impact, however 
it is inteNkdto gauge student opinionat 
this time. 

Like the previous query, this ques-
tion is idiotic - built on fraudulent 
premises and bloated with a sense of 
self-importance it neither possesses nor 
deserves. It suggests - incorrecdy -
that the vicechancelloris supposed to be 
in the senrice of the students, but has 
somehow become slack in his duties. 
This is absurd Joseph Wa1Son is no 
more answerable to the student body 
!han the president of the United States is 

amwerabIetothecitizensofthePeople·s 
Republic of Olina. 

The question answers itself. The 
authors no doull reaJized Ihat when 
they conceived it Watson isnotrespon-
sivetotheneeds to the studem, nor is he 
supposed to be. His job is to look 0It for 
the best interests of the wUversity, IlOl 
the students-the two are not the same. 

Implicit in a vc:e of confidence is the 
idea that the vote's ow:omedetcrmines 
the futlUC of the executive in question. It 
suggests that those doing the voting 
have the power to remove a bad Ieadcr 
as much as they have the power to insta1J 
a good one. 

The bitter ttuth is that Sludots pos-
sess no such power and are not likely to 
any time soon. And. regardless of the 
outcane, Watson wiD be at the univer-
sity long after this question fades from 
the collective memory. Srudents may 
vc:e their consciences, but should bear 
in mind that their opinions are, at bot-
tom, completely meaningless. No en-
dorsemefll. 

Come loin us for 21redfasi 
siariiny Jlprff .5 

3-egg Omlettes 
French Toast 

Belgian Waffles 
Be much more 

Z.i'ps 'Jummy 23usler 
?r.ice Genler, lei 4.5<J-0070 

• Most Insurance coven chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 yean 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1·5 and La 101101 Village Drive 

3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 

,.---- ~----------------, 

2TANS$1: i 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 
_=:r I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
. 130 Tan Days ~9991 I 

Wolff 6ed5. Facial Ta'Iler5 

'-------"--

I 
I 

r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
I
I Guaranteed. ,,$48 ~ Ilosl inches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap . fit now. It's definitely worth ill" 
I . Mindy, San Diego' I Lose It least I" or you don't payl 
1 No exercise or dIetI .... Not a temporary water lou. 1 
1 GOLDEN TRIANGLE Ul Jon. "t, LOI'III Hillcrest 1 
1 PERFECT TAN 455-0952 22+9727 296-7004 1 32~1 Holiday C1:. "aclflc 8e«h MIHIOII Vallo~ SUUS Col. 
1 f~~~cct from EI Torl1:O 581.9060 542.<J391 697-8014 . 1 

~-------~=~~.~~~~----____ ..J. 

."-cltlNO'S 
---

I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS: 
I FOR ONLY $1399 I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I 
: JUST ASK SPE~IAL piUS/IX: FOR ONLY $1,.,99 : 
I =.-=~-=~. : CALL US! I pI ... /n I 
! ~1~;; : ::~~.~ II. ! 
• EJqoiroo !l311e3. G-3. ".,. _ . ~ !l3111:1. G-3 • 

~------------~-----------~ ~_,.- .. --~:OUr_.'*'Y_ .... _OO. 

.. . 



10 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday through FrIday 

.8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m.)-
The OASIS Lanlnle Prolram 
provides assistance to students whose 
native language is not English and to 
those dOingwork in Japanese, German, 
Spanish. French and Vietnamese. A 
diagnostic test on written English is 
available on request. Call 534-2284 
for info. (weekly) 
• 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS 
Study Manc-m Center help you 
this quarter with time management. 
note taking and editing, textbook 
analysis . memory, flexible/speed 
reading, vocabulary development and 
GRE/LSAT /MCAT verbal ·compre· 
hension. Stop by York Hall 4010 orcall 
534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointment. Also. stay on the lookout 
for those valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshop and the GRE Weekend 
Specials. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS 
Wrltlnc Center is a free service for all 
UCSD students. We offer one to one 
writing conferences for any type of 
writing project - academic papers, 
personal statements. even stories and 
poems. Our staff of trained 
undergraduates. who come from a 
variety of academic disciplines. can 
help you become a more effective 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an 
appointment or drop by our office In 
the old Student Center, Building A. 
Room 214. (weekly) 

Monday, April 5 
• 12·12:50 p.m. - Flexlble/ 
Speed Readlnl - OASIS· Study 
Management Center, York Hall· 
4010. Free. Advance Registration 
Required. 534·7344. 
• 3-3:50 p.m. - TIme M ..... ement 
Workahop-Leamtomanagevaluable 
study time more efficiently. OASI5-
Study Management Center, York Hal~ 
4010. Free. Preregistration 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Tuesday, April 6 
• 12·12:50 p.m. - Vocabulary 
Development - OASIS· Study 
ManagementCenter, York Hal~3050A. 
Free. Advanced registration required. 
534-7344. 
• 1·1:50 p.m. - nme Maneeement 
Workahop- Leam to manage valuable 
study time more efficiently. OASI5-
Study Management Center, York Hall-
4010. Free. Preregistration 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Wednesday, April 7 
• 12-12:50 p.m. - Verbal 
CompreheMIon: GRE - OASI5- Study 
Management Center., York Hall-4010. 
Free. Advanced registration required. 
534-7344. 
• 1:30 p.m. - Summer Study and 
Work Opportunities Info Seulon -
Go abroad this summerl It's not too 
late to plan for this summer. Join us at 
the Intemational Center Conference 
Room. Sponsored by the Programs 
Abroad Office. 

Thursday, AprilB 
• 12-12:50 p.m. - Verbal 
Comprellan.lon: LSAT/MCAT -
OASI5- Study Management Center, 
York Hall·3050A. Free. Advanced 
registration required. 534-7344. 

ThursdllY, April 8 
• 7:30 p.m. -Lane IttoBaaver: An 

AII-Am.rlcan Hoax - Stephanie 
Coontz, author of The Way We Never 
Were: Historyofthe American Family & 
the Nostalgia Trap, to speak at 
Galbraith Hall. Information: 291-0976. 
Free. 

Friday. April 9 
• 1 p.m. - ~HouaehoIds of Faith: 
Gender. Power and Pro.lav.ry 
Cllrl.tlanlty" - The Program In 
Religious Studies presents a brown-
bag faculty seminar by Stephanie 
McCurry of the Department of History. 
H&SS 4025. 

HEALTH a FITNESS 
Monday-Friday 

• 9 a.m.- 12 p.m . - Put yourself 
to the test -the fitness test. A 
friendly Student Health Advocate 
will ch.ck your cardlova.cular 
fltn.... mu.cular .trenlth and 
endurance, and fl.xlbillty all for 
FREE in FITSTOP. Come by second 
floor Student Health to make an 
apPOintment. (weekly) 

Monday-Thursday 
• (2 p.m .• Mon; 10 a.m. & 1 p.m., 
Tues.; 11 a.m. & 1 p.m., Wed.; 10 
a.m. & 1 p.m., Thurs.)- To get a free 
condom and learn about birth control, 
SID prevention and pelvic exams. come 
to the Women'. Sexual Health Info. 
Seulon. 2nd floor. Student Health 
Center. 

SERVICES a 
WORKSHOPS 

Monday-Friday 
• 8 a.m.·4:30 p.m. - SIGI+ Com-
puter-baaed proJram of career infor· 
mation designed to help you clarify 
your skills, values and interest. For 
more information, come to the Career 
Services Center. $10. (weekly) 
• 9 a.m.·5 p.m.- Women', Reaoun:e 
C.nter Pear CoulIHllnc - Feel like 
no one understands? Women 
counselors trained by Psych. Services 
available to help with crises or give 
support and referrals for your needs. 
Confidential , safe space. Walk in or by 
appOintment. Located In the old 
Student Center Bldg. A. 534-2023. 
(weekly) 
.1:304 p.m. - DROP .. N ADVISING 
HOURS - For help with career goals • 
job hunting. resume preparation or 
exploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment 
needed, just walk in to the Career 
Services Center. (weekly) 
• MENTOR - Gra{luatlng this quarter 
and job-seeking? We' ll match you with 
a professional in your field who will get 
you started networking in the local job 
market. Sign up at Career Services. 
(weekly) 

Monday. April 5 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - UnderlraduBt. 
Women'. Therapy Group - Call for 
sign-up. 534-3585. H&SS 2125. no 
fee. Leader: Equilla Luke. 

Tuesday, April 6 
• 12-1 p.m. - ~bIan., blaexuaJ 
peer COUIIHIInc with Steve. Do you 
have a question about your sexuality? 
Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Drop in & let's talk. Located 
in the peer counselln, office (near 
Mac's Place & Library Lounge In Price 
Cntr.) Cali 534-3987 for details. 
(weekly) 

The UeSD Guardian 

.1:30p.m.-INTERVIEWINGSKIUS 
WORKSHOP - Learn techniques 
required to be successful in the 
interview process. Career Services 
Center. Free 

Wednesday. April 7 
• 1:30 p.m. - MARKETABLE 
RESUME: Learn how to make a 
positive impression with your resume. 
Career Services Center. Free. 
• 3-4:40 p.m. - Chicano, latino, 
Multicultural Group- Revelle COllege 
Provo Bldg., Leader: Dan Munoz. No 
fee. (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - WrItInc Your PeraonaI 
Stat.ment - A presentation and 
discussion on writing an effective 
personal statement for application to 
medical and dental schools. Career 
Service Center. Free. 

Thursday. April B 
• 1 p.m. - Law SChool: How to 
Prepare and Apply - Discussion on 
admission procedures, application 
strategies, LSAT, and school selection. 
Career Service Center. Free. 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Adult Children of 
Alcoholic. P.ycho·Educatlonal 
Support Group - Mountain View 
Lounge. Leader: Jeanne Manese. Free. 

Friday. April 9 
• 11 a.m. - Wrltlnc Your Personal 
Statement - A presentation and 
discussion on writing an effective 
personal statement for application to 
medical and dental schOols. Career 
Service Center. Free. 
• 12:30·2 p.m. - P.n-A.lan 
Community Forum - Mountain View 
Lounge. Leaders: Jeanne Manese and 
Alvin Alvarez. Drop-in. Free. (weekly) 
• 1-2:30 p.m. - Overcomln, 
Compul.lve Eatlnc - Call for sign up. 
534-3585. H&SS 2148. Free. 
.2-4 p.m. - Alcohol.nd SUbatance 
Abuse Group- Revelle College Provo 
Bldg .• no fee. 
• 4-6p.m.-CampuaBlackForum-
Mountain View Lounge. Leader: Phil 
Raphael. Free. (weekly) 

CLUBS I MEmNGS 
Monday, April 5 

• 5 p.m. - Student EnvIronmental 
Action Coalition Meetlnl - Get 
involved In Earth Day, recycling. an 
environmental newspaper and much 
more. Office 208 Student Center. 
directly above Soft Reserves. Everyone 
is welcomel (weekly) 
.7 p.m. -Clrcl. K Intematlonal-
Community service organization meets 
in Gallery B, Price Center. Come join 
us. (weekly) 
.7 p.m. - LGBA Busln ... Meetlnga 
- Get Involved with LGBA·you'li make 
friends and have a great time helping 
out. Make it your buslnessl Meetings 
are at the WRC. (weekly) 

Tuesday, April 6 
• 12 p.m. - M Meetlnc - Student 
Center A, room 113. Large conference 
room. (weekM 
• 3-4 p,m. - Adult Children of 
Alcoholics (ACA) - 12·step group 
meeting. Purpose of group is to 
welcome and give comfort to children 
of alcoholics. Free, anonymous and 
confidential. Price Center Admin. 2nd 
floor above Food Court. Irvine Room. 
Everyoneweicome. 753-2106. (weekM 
.5 p.m. - BIweekly meeting of CCM 
panel of Post Doc Grad students at 
MTF 275. Chicanos/Latinos for 

creative medicine. (weekly) 
.8:30 p.m.-"Untlnlahed Bualneaa" 
- A movie documenting personal 
stories of Japanese Americans In World 
War II intemment camps and its effects 
on their lives. In Why Not Here? (next 
to Revelle College Cafeteria.) 
Sponsored by the Cultural Awareness 
Network. 

Wednesday. April 7 
• 1-3 p.m. - Faculty. Student, Staff 
Int.ractlon meets for lunch to 
informally discuss on topics of today; 
all students and faculty are welcome 
tojoin . For more info: Chris 558-2103. 
(weekM 
• 3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter 
Advisory Board needs people like you . 
Weekly meetings are at the Revelle 
Provost's office.(week/)? 
.4·6 p.m. - All welcomel Stud.nt 
Affirmative Action Committee 
Meeting. Santa Barbara/Los 
Angeles room, Price Center . 
(weekly) 
• 4 p.m. - Support Group for 
Studenta, Faculty and Staff - First 
meetingatWomen's Resource Center, 
Student Center building A. For info call 
534-2023. 
• 4 p.m. - Third ColI.,e 
T.ran.fer+Re-Entry Stud.nte 
(TRES) M •• tln, - Discuss 
problems, solutions, questions. 
and answers about being a transfer 
or re·entry student. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - Wlldern ••• Club 
- Interested in hiking. mountain 
biking and other outdoor 
activities? Join us on the second 
floor patio of the student center. 
above KSDT. (weekly) 
.7 p.m.-A$AP-Get involved with 
Active Students for AIDS Prevention. 
Political activism. volunteerism. Help 
prevent the spread of AI DSI Price 
Center. (weekly) 
• 7:30 p.m. - SCottish Country 
Dance - New class series begins. A 
fun way to socialize and exercise. 
Spanos Athletic Training Facility. For 
information call 534-4037. 

Friday. April 8 
• 7:30-10 a.m.-Cometothe Ravelle 
Commuter ... "'-It at the Revelle 
Commuter Lounge. All you can eat for 
half a buck. (weekly) 
• 8 -10 a.m . - Meet fellow 
stude nts and fill up bafore cl •••• 
Lit. Bldg. 2nd floor conference 
room. All you can eatl Only SOt . 
(weekly) 
• 10:30 a.m. - Join Third CoIleJe 
Commuter Board and help plan events. 
Meetings at Third College Dean's 
conference room. (weekM 
• 12 p.m. - AA Meetlnc - Student 
Center A. room 113. Large conference 
room. (weekM 
• 2:30 p.m. - Native Am.rlcan 
StudentAilanca(NASA) m~ets weekly 
on Fridays at the Grove. Come and get 
involvedl (weekM 

EVENTS I 
RECREATION 

Monday-Thursday 
.9 p .m.-2 a.m. - New I.t. nl,lIt 
coff •• hou •• on campus. ·Cafe 
Diana at the Ch6. Mon·Thurs., 
Good music. A variety of yummy 
baked goods. Specialty coffees 
and teas . Open microphone ... 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

(weekly) 
Tuesd~undar . 

• 12·5 p.m. - "Ceramic: Varlatlona: 
Thraalnatallatlona" at the Mandeville 
Gallery through April 25. 

Tuesday-Saturday 
• (10 a.m·5 p .m .. Tues.·Fri; 10 
a.m.·2 p.m .• Sat.) - ~C.ramlc 
Fllure. of Ocumlcho" - The 
ceramic ·devlls· of Ocumlcho 
attend school, drive buses and 
sell their wares in the market 
place. The devils and other ceramic 
figures are made in the Mexican 
village of San. Pedro Ocumicho. 
These figures will be shown in the 
Grove Gallery through April 17. 

Wednesday. April 7 
• 8-10:30 a.m. - Warren Colleja 
Commuter Breakfaat - Meet fellow 
commuter students and discuss 
Issues. Second floor Literature Building 
conference room. All you can eatl Only 
50tl (weekM ' 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on tile Hump -
Come out and eat lunch with LGBA. 
Bring your own food. (weekM 

Thursday, April 8 
.6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday 
night supper for $2. Sponsored by the 
UCSD Catholic Community. Come to 
the University Lutheran Church . 
(weekM 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry NIJIIt .t Cafe 
Diana at the CM Cafe. Bring your own 
poetry, listen to others or do both. 
(weekI}? 

Friday, April 9 
.9 a.m. - ~Art, Ae.thetlc •• and 
PolitiC' In Afrlc. and The 
Carlbb •• n" Symposium 
featuring keynote lecture by noted 
novelist and art critic Simon Njami. 
Session to be held in Price Center 
Ballroom. Free and open to the 
public. 
• 7·11 p.m. - Chine .. Student 
AaaocIMion C.lno NIeht - Come 
play blackjack. roulette. craps. and pal 
gow with CSA. Prizes will be awarded. 
Everyone Welcome. free. Information: 
453-2320. 

Sunday. April 11 
• 12-2 p.m.-RadIoCallfaa-Weekly 
program for Raza. Interviews and 
musica picosal (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - Two free tou,. of the 
UCSD campua are offered this spring 
by the UCSD ViSitors Program. The 
bus tours are the first and third 
Sundays of each month from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion. The 
walking tours are on alternate 
Sundays from the Gilman Information 
Pavilion . Reservations ; call 534-
4414. (weekly) 

RELIGIOUS EVENTS 
Wednesday, April 7 

• 6 p.m. - Supper Is .arvld to 
students by University Lutherans. 
Everyone welcome. At the University 
Lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
College). 
.7 p.m. -"The Acta of tile ApoatJea" 
- Bible study topic offered by Lutheran 
Campus Ministry, led by Campus Pastor 
John Huber. Open to all. University 
Lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
College). 

Thursday. April B 
• 6 p.m. - Navllator. Pray.r 
meetlnl. Call 455-5523 for info . 
(weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - A Christian 
interpretation of the Passover is 
presented over a lamb dinner. 
Reservations must be received by 
Tuesday. April 6 . Call 453-0561. 
University Lutheran Church (across 
from Revelle College). 

Friday, Aprll 9 
• 12-3 p.m. - Seven Protestant 
and Catholic ministers and 
musicians lead a Good Friday 
.. rvlce. Come to any or all of the 
seven 2S·minute segments . All are 
welcome. University Lutheran 
Church (across from Revelle 
College). 
.12 p.m . -I.lamlc Frida, Prayer In 
the Price Center. For info, call Yusuf at 
45Q-4681. (weekly) 
.7 p.m. - Navigators: "Friday NIJIrt 
live." York 2722. 
• 7:30 p.m. - A Good Frld.y 
leneb,.. •• rvlce is led by Campus 
Pastor John Huber. Open to all. 
University Lutheran Church (across 
from Revelle College). 

Saturday. Aprlll0 
• 8 :30 a.m. - Navfptora: T.A.W.G • 
Revelle Parkin, Lot. Call 455-5523 tor 
Info. 

Sunday. April 11 
• 10:15 a.m. - A Lutheran Easter 
celebration with Scott Milanovich as 
trumpeter. University Lutheran Church 
(across the street from Revelle 
College) . 

Monday, April 5, 1993 The UeSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Trojans Take 
Tritons in Three 
VOUEYBAU: UCSD loses, 154, 15-12, 15-3 
By Blair Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

Fresh from its fllSt win this season, 
the UCSD men's volleyball team sim-
ply could not hold off the powerful 
Univer.;ity of Southern California in a 
three-set loss, 15-4, 15-12, 15-1 

The host Tritons were not able to get 
out of neutral in the fllSt game, as USC 
built an inswmountable lead, 11-4. 
UCSD had several oppottunities to get 
on the scoreboard, but could not convert 
on their sideouts. The Trojans took. the 
next four points, and the game, 15-4. 

The second game was a different 
story for the Tritons, who managed to 
remain a threat until the very end. 

Although they never had the lead, 
UCSD made the game very interesting, 
remaining within two points of USC 
throughout the game. 

Every aspect of the Triton game 

improved in the exciting second game, 
including their blocking, serving and 
overall intensity. Matt Brigham and 
Matt Minehan provided the defensive 
boost with strong blocks. 

Jason Perkins and Jason Mulholland 
finished the Tritons off in the second 
game with impressive kills to claim the 
game for USC, 15-12. Mulholland led 
all hitter.; with 20 kiDs on the evening. 

The Trojans were back to business 
as usual in the third game, building a 10-
o lead using perfect blocks and clean 
spikes. 

UCSD scored its frrst point when 
Steve Kremser hammered a kill to make 
the score 10-1 . Kremser led the Tritons 
with 13 kills in the match. 

The Trojans continued their domi-
nance as they scored five of the next 
seven points to claim the third game, 
and the match, 15-3. 

Dan McDoweli/ GUllldian 
Steve Kremser goes up for the spike during UCSD's three set loss to USC on Saturday. 

UCSD RSVP's UCR Invitational Jumping sensation Renee Sprowl kept her string of outstanding petfor-
mances intact, setting a new school 
record in the long jump (17' I 1.5"). 
barely missing the national qualifying 
made by a scant three inches, but never-
the�ess good enough for fourth place . 

ally took sixth in the I 00 meters (12.54). 
The men 's squad also fared well, led 

by Jason Anderson's victory in the 4(X).. 
meter hurdles and Mark Yuen's sec-
ond·place time of I :53.82 in the 800 
meters. 

TRACK IE FELIt Renee Sprowl springs to another school record in the long jwnp 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Titans in a land of giants, the UCSD 
men's and women's track and field 
team's epic clashes with Division ill 
and conference foes have scorched a 
trail of dominance and destruction, per-
petualJy maintaining an endless drive to 
be crowned king of the mountain. 

The Tritons remain the CCM's 
only Division III team, and Head Coach 

CREW: UCSD's 
men capture fIrst-ever 
win at the San Diego 
Crew Classic 
Continued from page 14 
Despite this, the men's novice team 
came away with a frrst-place medal. 

According to varsity third-seat Os-
car Madrigal, Saturday was the team's 
most successful outing yet In the 24th 
event of the day, the men's novice B-
boat finished flfSt in its division against 
UCLA with a time of6:46. I 106:57.01. 

The novice team's A-boat was also 
successful on Saturday as they placed 
second in the men's collegiate novice A 
Division with a time of 6:44.98, beaten 
by Occidental College's 6:31.11 and 
followed by SDSU, Santa Clara, 
CSULB and UC Irvine. 

Placing second made the A-boat 

RESEARCH 
OPPORTUNITY 

We currently have an immediate position 
available for a Research Associate or a 
Research Lab Assistant. Research 
Associate position requires a M.S. degree 
and a minimum of 2 years experience in 
molecular biology (southern blotting, 
DNA sequencing). Previous laboratory 
supervisory experience also required. 
Research Lab Assistanl requires a mini· 
mum of I year experience in molecular 
biology. Preference will be given to 
applicants with extensive experience in 
DNA sequencing. 

Positions will organize and perfonn 
linkagestudyofFamiliul Alzheimer Dx. 
Southern Blolling. and Polymerace 
Chain Reaction techniques. For imme· 
diale con idcration. please submit 
resume or CllII : Dr. S.M. PuISI. M.D . 

MfHPCAAiS~l~~~R 
8700 Beverly Blvd., Davis Bldg. 

Los Angeles, CA 90048 
(310) 855-5166 

AA/EOE 

Tony SaIemo' s' 'testingthewaters" strat-
egy has led to much more than just a 
filler for the stronger, scholarshiJH>ffer-
ing Division n opponents. 

This week's test of strength and wiD 
occurred in the smog-infested world of 
Riverside, as a split Triton squad 
marched north for the Riverside Track 
Classic held April 1 

"Most of our top people rested this 
weekend after last weekend's Stanford 

Invitational," said Salerno. ' ''The smog 
was pretty hostile up there, and it 
slowed our distance ruMers down, 
but the people who did go put in a 
good performance." 

With the caliber of competition 
ranging from community college all 
the way up through Division I adver-
saries, almost 2,000 entries total, the 
Tritons held their own, recording sev-
eraltop marks. 

Jennifer Cullen annihilated the field 
in the women's 10,(00 meters, captur-
ing fllSt with a time of 43: 14. 

Super-sprinter Erica Washington 
aided the women's 4xlOO meter relay 
team consisting of Sprowl, Washing-
ton, Alexis Ruppanner and Michaela 
Monahan to a fourth-place finish, 
clockedat49.71 . Washington individu-

each other, !JC Davis took flfSt place 
with a 6:21.97, followed by VCI 
(6:28.39), USD (6:3 1.92) , UCSD 
(6:35.54) and USC (6:4144). 

Thewomen' steam competed in four 
races on Saturday. Their frrst event of 
the weekend was the Women's Colle-
giate Novice where the Tritons came in 
fourth (7:43.71) behind UCSB (7 :20.2), 
UCD (7:28.24) and Cal Poly(7:41.2). 
Placing fourth made the Tritons eligible 
for a later race, the Novice A Petit Final. 

The women raced their second nov-
ice boat in the Women'sN event They 
again placed fowth (7.59.41) following 
Yale (7: 19.9), Wisconsin (7:26.99) and 
Stanford (7:46.88). 

Nailing a pair of fifths, Jeff SchnilZ 
hurled the javelin 182'6" and freshman 
ManJandrisevitsracedtoaspeedy49.43 
in the 400 meters. 

Other contributors :ncluded Walter 
Dehority's 12th place time of36:35.10 
in the IO,OOOmeters,Jason Kroll 's ninth 
in the steeple (10:51.68), and James 
Wiley's 100, 200-lneterdouble ( 11.53, 
22.54). 

Women 's Collegiate Novice A Petit 
Final. UCSD fmished fourth at 7 :21.59 
following UCI (7:09.3), Stanford 
(7:00.79) and Occidental (7: 18.11). 

Themostimportantraceoftheweek-
end for the women, however, was Sun-
day morning when varsity placed sec-
ond in the Cal Cup with a time of 
7:29.ffJ. 

The men's crew team was In top form at the San Diego Crew Classic. In the Women's OpenNoviceevent, 
the Tritons placed third (7 :52.69) and 
were defeated by UCSB (7:28.52) and 
CSULB (7:46.29). UCSD beat Cal 
Poly, who came in at 7:58.26. 

They were beaten only by UCSB, 
whofmished in 7: 16. 14. This sent them 
on to the grand final (the top two boats 
in each heat) of the California Visitor's 
Challenge, where they were pitied 
against the top California and visiting 
teams. Out of seven teams, the Tritons 
placed fifth with a time of 7:39.23 with 
Washington State, a traditional "rowing 
powerhouse," takiitg the medal with a 
time of7:09.3 . 

eligible to race against the top two nov- a time of 6: 17.73. 
ice teams in the three heats on Sunday. The varsity men's boat was Wlable 
The UCSD boat came in fifth out of six to qualify for any races on SWJday Despite the loss, varsity eighth-seat 

Emily Ford called the Visitor's Fmal a 
"perfect race." 

teams with a time of 6:35.12. because it placed fifth in the men's Cal 
Occidental's boat again placed fllStwith Cup, whichpitsCalifomiateamsagainst The last event of the day was the 

Onl,\ 'Ull ("an lIelp,,, 
Earn money for your 

blood donation! 

If you have active 
symptoms or have had 
one of the following 

diseases: 
Hepatitis Rh·Factor Rubella 
Syphilis Lupus & others 

Your blood can be worth between 
$40-$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(A subsidiary a/ HemaCaTe Corporation) 

San Diego 
(619)226-1733 

~U ... ___ I ____ ~ __ 
.L::JII JJ-I1:r1 ·/~t::Il ., III '!:/ 

Ames IOSA 
Physics IC (Griest) 
Physics IC (Stein) 

Don't be a stress/ace! 

Sun S-7pm & Thurs S-7pm 
'lUes 7-9pm & Thurs 7-9pm 
Wed 6-8pm & SUD 7-9pm 

Hyperleaming is a tutorial service that organizes and intuitively explains the 
subject material, presents clear, step-by-step solutions to respresentative 
homework problems and helps students prepare for quizzes and tests. All 
UCSD students are invited to check out the frrst session for free. 
Location: We're located in Suites 1131 and 1132 of the La Jolla VIllage 
Professional Center, across the street from campus, behind the Elephant Bar 
and El Torito. 
Fees: Our tuition fee is $150 for forty hours of instruction. Qualified 
fm.ancial aid students may enroll for $125. Questions? Call us at 
455-1000, from Sam to midnight. Classes start the first week of school, 

-



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-791 1. (1/4-61 
3) 

Apply now for Summer and FaD In-
ternships In San DIegoIl Application 
Deadline Is Friday, AprIl 23. Drop by 
ASIO for more info., or come to the 
General Info Night on April 13 In 
Gallery B, P.C. ASIO Is on the 2nd 
floor P.C., Room 2.306. 534-4689. 
(3129-415) 
International House Is a great 
cross-cultural living opportunity I 
Applications for 1993194 available 
at the Fifth College Office of Resi-
dence lile. Jr., Sr. or Grad stand-
Ing required. Due 4121 . (3129-41 
15) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .......... .... 450-3323 
Fairmair's ..................... 222-<l22O 
La Sandale ........... .. .... ..488-1134 
UCSD EATS II DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Beans ..................... ...... 453-9252 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578-7892 
KoaIa's Frozen Yogurt ..... 452.()524· 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-t990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes .. ......... . 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
UCSD HEALTH , FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ...................... .483-9294 
Family Planning ............. 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less ..................... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS . 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ...... ... 558-3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UCSD MUSIC' VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452.()63(J 
Traveller's Depot .......... 463-1421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy ........... ....... 457-1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546.()088 
UCSDTESnNG 
Hypertearning ............... 455-1000 
MeAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 
Torrey's ................ ..... ... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
SI. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Alita Electrolysys ......... 454-6044 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is require(i; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,and3pm. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
calI534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 GilmanDriv e, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. _ 

FAST FUNDRAISER. $1,000 in 1 
week. Greeks, clubs, anyone. No 
Rlsk_ 800-655-6935 Ext. SO_ (3129-
418). 
New policy affects all Women I 
Women's ·sanitary products· no 
longer available for free or for coins 
in campus restrooms. "you Object, 
let them know by sending letter or 
clean, unused product from home to 
Sr. Supt_ of Custodial Services, mail 
code 0908. (411-4/8) 
COLLEGE FINANCIAL AID: If 
Skyrocketing fees are a problem 
for you, call us now for Information 
and an application for financial aid. 
We guarantee we will match each 
student applicant with a minimum 
01 six private sources 01 college 
funds. Call or write Scholarship 
Quest Services, P.O. Box 900267, 
San Diego, Calif. 92190, 583-051 O. 
( 411-4/8) 
Free Health + Fitness Fair, Wed. 
April 14, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Price Cen-
ter _ Be there I (4/1 -4112) 
Graduating? Are you concerned 
about your future? April 20, 8 p.m., 
Joe Fogllo_ Owner of very suc-
cessful international marketing 
business will discuss success prin-
ciples as well as options in diversi-
fying your income_ Regardless of 
your level of education or field of 
study this information is valuable. 
Space limited. Make reserva-
tions early_ For more Informa-
tion: 491-2148. (415) 
Apply now for '93-94 Director posi-
tions at the A.S. Internship Office. 
Six paid positions available!! (Public 
Relations, National, Development, 
San Diego, Etc .. .. ) Drop by ASIO to 
pick up an application: second floor 
P.C_ Room 2.306. Deadline to apply 
is Friday, April 16. 534-4689. (4/5-41 
15) 

Elect Fifth Like Thall Branda 
Dykstra for Chair, Phillip Cole 
for Parliamentarian, Marlvel 
Lopez for Commissioner of 
Commuter Affairs, Dave 
Martinez for Commissioner of 
Programming, Roberta Robledo 
for Commissioner of Public Re-
lations, Andrew Clark for Junior 
Senator, Jessica Wiley lor 
Sophomore Senator. (4/5) 
Free pack of Marlboro. Exchange 
for seven empty packs. (Collecting 
Marlboro Miles) 271-9066. Leave 
message. (4/5-4/15) 
Interested in celebrating Songkran-
the Thai, Lao and Cambodian New 
Year? Contact Sharon 534-3025. 
(4/5) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1 ,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circularsi... Begin NOWI FREE 
packetl SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 4000, 
Cordova, TN 38018-4000. (2111-4/ 
29) 
RAISE A COOL $1,000.00 IN 
JUST ONE WEEKI For your Irat, 
sorority , club . + 1,000 FOR 
YOURSELF I And a FREE 
IGLOO COOLER if you qualify. 
Call 1-800-932-0528, Ext. 65. 
(2122-4119) 
300 SUMMER CAMP 
POSITIONS: in NY, PA, MASS 
& MAINE. Need skills in : Tennis, 
WSllswimming, water-Skiing, 
sailing, windsurfing, 
gymnast iCS , equestrian, 
baseball , basketball, soccer, 
hockey, lacrosse, canoeing, 
archery, rocketry, woodshop, 
ceramics, fitness , dance, piano, 
guitar, ropesl pioneering , 
nurses, lood service. Upper-
classmen preferred . Arlene -
1-800-443-6428. (3 /1-4/1 5) 

Counselors : Camp Wayne, 
brotherl sister camp, N. E. 
Pennsylvania. 6/22-BI20193. All 
sports , water , and cultural 
activities. Many positions available. 
On-campus interviews, Thursday, 
April 15th Irom 10:30-2 p.m. For 
more Inlo, call 516-889-3217 or 
write 12 Allevard St., Lido Beach, 
N.Y. 11561. Include your school 
phone number _ (314-4112) 

Here's some part-time positions 
where you can earn income both 
while in San Diego County as well as 
when you're back in your home town. 
Call CONNERS CONSULTING, 
457-3494. (3129-418) 

Catering server, private home, after-
meal clean up, wkendS/holiday 
events. Start 4111 . $6.SOlhr. 275-
4207. (3/29-418) 
GREEKS & CLUBS RAISE A COOL 
$1 ,000 injustone weeki Plus$l,OOO 
for the member who cal lsI And a 
FREE HEADPHONE RADIO just 
for calling 1 -800-950-1 037, ext. 25. 
(3/29-4/8) 
Hiring Day + Night Shifts $5 perlhr. 
Free meals. Round Table Price 
Center. (411-415) 

JOBS AVAILABLE Cutting edge of 
Retail- Apparel Zone Clothing OuUet 
is hiring sales and management 
trainees. For more 'inlormation call 
450-3323. Apply at 8250 Camino 
Santa Fe St. I. (415-4112) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT EARN $2500-
3500 AND MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
National campaign positions to 
renew the Clean Water Act, promote 
comprehensive recycling, and stop 
offshore oil drilling_ Available in 22 
states and D.C. Campus intrvws: 41 
13 and 4114. Call Jamie toll free: 1-
800-75-EARTH. (415-4/8) 

Monday, AprilS, 1993 

Beach Lifeguard. Salary: $10.13-
$12.17Ihour. Must be 18 by 6112193 
and a strong swimmer. Call 24-hr. 
recording for info. (619) 236-6148. 
City 01 San Diego. EOE (415) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911. (114-613) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germain 's. 452-
9949. (1/19-613) 
Voice, Plano, Organ, Guitar. 43 
years, all levels, styles. NY CityOp-
era, musicals, top clubs. BM Chi-
cago Conservatory of Music. Spe-
cial student fee - singfplay easilyl 
quickly. Michael Bandon 598-5223. 
(3/4-418) 
Green card available to Oriental 
Post. Doc female desiring perma-
nent U.S. residence. 237-1473. (31 
11-4(5) 
CLARITY SERVICES Editing: proof-
reading, comments. Tutoring: writ-
ing, English, math. Test prepara-
tion. Experienced, reasonable. 294-
48601584-4708. (3/29-4/29) 
Register your birthdate with com-
patible singles for free compatible 
dating. Details? Call Don Stevens, 
746-7403_ (3129-418) 

ViolinNiola Lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can learn Irom an experi-
enced, professional teacher. Now 
accepting students - all ages and 
levels welcomel Call Conrad, 552-
0494. (3129-613) 
Taxes - There are two things in life 
that are certain. Give us a call. We 
will help with one. By the Numbers. 
673-4660. You're on your own for 
the other. (3129-4/8) 
Need lypinglWord processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. 
I will also do editing il needed or 
wanted. Call Carol 481-6364 eve-
nings. (411-613) 
RESUMES. Individual consultation, 
resume, cover letter $39. Satislac-
tion guaranteed. Relerences avail-
able . THE OUTSTANDING 
RESUME. 587-8148. (4/1 -418) 

LIVE-IN AIDE NEEDED_ Disabled 
student needs help with personal 
care, morns/eves, weekdays or 
weekends, 3-5 hrsfday staggered_ 
Start September. Female, non-
smoker. On campus_ 427-9781 _ 
Julie. (411-4/8) 

ACLVL E "DISPOSABLE & SLRE\,LE " DAILl W[AR CO\TACT LE\S[S rRO\l JOH\SO\ & JOH\SO\ 

So ATTRACTIVE. So COMFORTABLE. So CONVENIENT. So HEALTHY. 

You WONT BELIEVE YOUR .EYES 
FREE Trial Contact Lenses Date: April 21st and 22nd 
FREE Contact Lens Solution Kit Location: MARRIOlT LA JOLLA 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive $5.00 Contact Lens Exam by our Trained Eye Care Appointments! Call NU-VISION 24 hours 
Professionals (619)221-7265 

$22 50 Per Box of Six Lenses 
If Not Satisfied Will Replace Old Lenses At No Cost 

Monday, ApriIS, 1993 

PHYSICSIMA TH TUTOR. Master's 
in physics with TA experience. $151 
hr. 627-0747. (415-5/6) 
Compulsive eating? Bulimia? Weight 
management or body image issues? 
Helpful psychotherapy groups 
forming . Diana K. Weiss Ph.D. 
licensed psychologist, (PSY#12476) 
specializes In relationships and 
eating disorders. Del Mar. Call 619-
431 -6373. (415-4115) 
Need money for college? Recorded 
message gives details. 221 -2922. 
(415-4/8) 

KRA V MAGA - Israeli Martial Arts. 
Easy, Fun Effective. Classes begin 
Apr. 14. Call 899-5317. (415-4112) 
SLOVAKIAIPOLAND summer trips 
led by local students. Hike scenic 
mountain trailS, visit a Gypsy village, 
explore castles and medieval towns, 
meet Slovaks and Poles. For details, 
call B00-666-JOIN. (4/5-4/19) 

WANTED 
Seeking TM meditators to form on 
campus organization. Call Michael 
278-1314. Leave Message. (318-41 
5) 
Resident ' Advisors wanted for 
INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 1993-941 
Career Services Job #5566 . 
Applications due 4/9. (3129-415) 
Free Movie Tickets! Men needed to 
part icipate in doctoral research 
project on sexuality . Two free movie 
tickets in exchange for your time. 
Please call 969-6987 for more inlo. 
(3/29-4/8) 
Wanted: Mac Power Book 100 
Series. Cheap early model. Leave 
message at 534-2915. (3/29-418) 
Photographic Co. visiting San Diego 
In April needs nude models for 
beautifu I artistic photos of the female 
lorm. All Inquiries kept confidential . 
Pay + prints provided. Call (612) 
898-8060 or Write Twin Cities 
PhotoArt Inc., 14870 Granada Ave., 
Suite 302, Apple Valley MN 55124. 
(3129-4/8) 

WANTED: Anyone Interested in 
experience with television production 
for resume or interest. Call John 
435-9489 or 587-8994. No 
experience necessary. Student 
production will air on cable. (4/1-4/8) 

UVE-IN AIDE NEED~D. Disabled 
student needs help with personal 
care, morns/eves, weekdays or 
weekends, 3-5 hrsfday staggered_ 
Start September. Female, non-
smoker. On campus. 427-9781. 
Julie. (411 -418) 

WANTED: WITNESSES to auto 
accident approx, 1 p.m. 3112193 at 
La Jolla Village Drive and entrancel 
exit of Revelle College. Please lend 
a helping hand. Call Loreta at 489-
7641 or John at 627-6149. Please 
leave message so we can contact 
you. (415-4/8) 
MARRIED COUPLES without 
children living at home wanted lor 
television viewing study. Will be given 
movie, comedy club, or harbor cruise 
passes. Plus $20 CASH, $1 00 raffle. 
549-891 1 . (415-4112) 

Research volunteers 40-60 years 
needed : Does asthma protect 
against atherosclerosis? $50.00 paid 
for blood samples/questionnaire. 
Sunday through Friday 
appointments. Call 534-3295 for 
information. (415) 
LOOK HEREI UCSD Medical Center 
needs healthy volunteers between 
the ages 0118 and 65 for a 2 hour 
study about eye blinking. A $10 
compensation plus parking will be 
provlded_ Call Deb at 543-2174 for 
more Information. (4/5) 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with 
parve. Appraised $11,200.00. Sac-
rifice $6,000_00. Call 454-2089. (31 
8-5/1 ) 
NOTEBOOK 386SX computer, 40 
meg HD, 2 meg RAM, 3.5· 1.44 meg 
drive, 32 gray scale VGA, $1,000 In 
current software, carrying case, bat-
tery pack, $950. Gary (619) 686-
9814. (4/5-4/8) 
PAUL McCARTNEY Tickets - 4 tix 
field level. $12010bo - Scott, 558-
8175. (3129-418) 
SURFBOARDS FOR SALE. Three 
6'1", One 6'4". Must sell. Dirty low 
prices. Starving student. Boards per-
fect lor learning on during Spring 
Quarter. Contact Jud at 622-0945. 
(3/29-4/5) 
SPEAKERS: Brandnew,3-way, 125 
wattfeach. Never used . MUST 
SELLII $100 for both. Dave 558-
4628. (411 -415) 
Plane Tickets - 4/8 evening S.D. to 
Oakland and 4112 Oakland to S.D. 
$40 each o.b.o. Call 792-8182. Ask 
for Nancy. (4/1-415) 
Genuine leather bomber jacket. 
Large, brown, excellent condition. 
$170.00 o_b.o.; HP 42S scientific 
calculator, like new, $80.00 o.b.o. 
ISH 453-0236. (4/1-415) 
DODGE 1981 . Great around the 
town carl Runs great. $600 o.b.o. 
Call Heather 453-6028. (4/1-4/15) 
Sporty '93 Honda SilEx coupe 
wheels (4 new tires/rims). Perfect. 
Must Sell. $689 negotiable. 552-
0407. (411-4/5) 
PUPPIES, AKCIOFA Rottwieler. 2 
males, 1 female, excellent. $400-
$600. 789-7486. (411-4/8) 
FOR SALE: Scuba gear. All you 
need to startl $125.00 or best offer. 
CecIlia 631 -4430. (415) 
SURFBOARD and WETSUIT: 6'4" 
Bessell and 313mm ML Victory full-
suit, $1201$70 o.b.o., call Stan, 558-
8939. (415·4/8) 

Own a condo - Cheaper than Rentl 
1 bedroom La Jolla; Walk to UCSD; 
Agent - 982-0811. (415-4115) 
'68 VW Conv. Bug_ Bright blue, new 
paint, motor great, new carpet. 
$3000.259-9457. (4/5) 
'89 Yamaha Riva 200, freeway le-
gal, excellent condo Trunk, helmet, 
parking permit, $1,500.00. 566-
3446. (4/5-4/19) 

SMITH-CORONA WORD PRO-
CESSOR For expertly typed papers I 
Keyboard with memory, data disks, 
full screen, and instruction manual. 
Only 4200. Call Simon 792-7089. 
(415) 
Giorgio Armanl & Ray Ban sun-
glasses & eyewear. UCSD special 
student promotion. Call (714) 855-
1 B58. (4/5-4/15) 

'87 Nissan Sentra, 83,000 mi., AMI 
FMfCass., AlC, $300.00 and take 
over payments ($214.00/mo. - 1 yr. 
2 mo.) Call Justin - 593-2636. (415) 
CHEAP I New Sony DiscMan for sale. 
Only $100.00. Call Crystal at 625-
0495. (415) 
386SXf25MHz. 80 MB HD, 1.211 .44 
MBdrives, VGA, 101 keyboard. Mini 
tower case. Internal modem. Epson 
Action Printer. Lots of software. $9SOI 
best. (619) 549-6804 Michael. Leave 
Message. (415) 
Psych. 164 text, Handbook 01 
Behavioral Neurobiology. Excellent 
condnion, $25, call 453-8929. (415) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Psych. 164 text, Handbook of 
Behavioral Neurobiology. Excellent 
condition, $25, call 453-8929. (415) 

HOUSING 

Master bedroom for Rent - $300/ 
mo. Washer/dryer. Maie/Female. 8 
miles from school. Mira Mesa. 566-
6348. (4/1-418) 
Room, UTC4br. fumlshedtownhome. 
Mom and 2 kids, pool. tennis, hot tUb, 

Fumished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 $315.989-9000. (411-415) 
bdr., 1 ba,baIcony.$825.00.619-491 -
1196 0( 714-719-0540. (314-515) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
master bedroom . Villas of 
renaissance. $300/month. Sherry 
452-2568. (318-418) 

University City male roommate 
wanted. $212+ 114 utilities. Washerl 
dryer, microwave, dishwasher, 
cable, huge closet space, on bus 
route to campus, two pools, gym, 
racquetball court. Call Sharlene, 452-
7669. (3129-418) 
Apt. for rent unfurnished. La Jolla! 
UCSD avl. 4/1/93. $75O/mo., 2801 
2BA, garage. 622-0792, 558-6486. 
(3/29-4/8) 

Roommate needed to sharelown room. 
Fumished house in Del Mar. $310/ 
$360. Helen 792-2392. (3129-418) 

. 

Roommate wanted . Mature, 
responsible, non-sexist, chemical 
free, vegetarian graduate student 
preferred. Quiet house. 792-569B. 
(411 -415) 

UVE-III AIDE NEEDED. Disabled 
student needs ~ with personal care, 
moms/eves, weekdays or weekends, 
3-5 hrslday staggered. Start 
September_ Female, non-smoker. On 
campus. 427-9781. Jule. (411-418) 

SUMMER CONDO 2 bdrm/2 bath, 
furnished. Clairemont. $69D/mo. all 
utilities included. Chris 272-8758 
leave message_ (4/5-4/12) 
ROOM FOR RENT: Furnished, 
responsible female student. 10 
minutes UCSD. $275 Including 
utilities. 271-4452, 578-5840. (4/5) 
Room for Rent (nonsmoker). Female 
own bathroom, pool, sauna, indudes 
utilities $375.00 or $SOO.OO. 571 -
1623. (4/5) 
Room in furnished townhouse_ 5 
min. walk to UCSD. $360.00 per 
month_ Roy 452-8836. (4/5-418) 
Own room and bath In 2 BR, 2 bath 
condo near Vons. $400/month + 1/2 
utilities. 455-1959. (4/5-418) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

University City room for rent, 
unfurnished $337 + 114 utilities, 
washerldryer, microwave, cable, 
quiet neighborhood. Non-smoker to 
share with med student and post 
docs. Andrea 453-7128. (415-4/15) 
ScrIpps Ranch. Quiet Area MaIeI 
Female needed to share a FULLY 
FURNISHED house. Own room, share 
batt1. Washer/dryer. Near Vons, park. 
Non-smoker. $320 includes utilities. 
549-6804. Beatrice. (4/5) 
Single room. Mira Mesa 10 minutes 
to campus. $235/mo. + deposit. 
PeterlShawn 695-2623. (415-4112) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost last quarter - a blue aqua and 
white windbreaker jacket and 
prescription sunglasses_ Reward_ 
792-8182. (3129-415) 

PERSONALS 
CONGRATULATIONS to the new 
initiates 01 AXilI Your sisters are 
very proud of you. (415) 
" you think you can sing, join an 
Innovative hard-edged band. 
Members have played around 
campus, local clubs. No experience 
necessary. Call Dan at 625-0830 
and you will join us. (415) 

You've paid your dues. . 
Are you prepared to (ollect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MeAT. )s 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a si tuation like this? 

H yperlearning offers 
the most intensive 
M CAT prepara-
tion course avail-
able . We work 
hard to make sure 
you get the most for 
your dollar. The most hours, 
the mos t motivating environ-
ment, the mos t current material, and 
the mos t quali fied instructors available. 

skills. In addition to these tests, we work through MeAT 
passages every time the class meets. Nothing you encounter 

on the MeAT should be a surprise. 

Rigerous W1itiot mlpIt wort 
Youll write fourteen half-hour essays. While this 

program typically improves scores dramatical-
ly, some students need more help. We've 

de.igned one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for students who still have 

concerns about this important subscore. 

IfeIp willJ Ibt applialion prlKesS 
We won't abandon you after the 
MeAT. We have i~ terview and 

The 1000ges~ IIIOst (omP~I~ and mosl inlensiYe MeAT (ourse milable 

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medical schools. We 
have the AMCAS applica tion 
template on our Macintoshes" 

so you can work on your appli-
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than 150 total hours. No wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• ) mmediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

We design and re-lles~n our MCAT (ourse lor you • W e help you re-Iearn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
you'll need to get a winning MeAT score. 

Spec:iaJized instruclors who are experts in Ihrir field 

All of our materials are subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chcmi try, Physics, 

• You arc taught by.follr (not onc or two) spe-
ciaJizcd instructors. 

• A li in tructors have earned at least a 
Master's d~gree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our cour e. 

MCAT diagnostics 10 focus rour eHorls, r~hl from the stMl 
Youll take two computerized diagnostic tes ts in addi-

and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills 
demanded by the new format MeAT. We now offer 1600 

pages of focused review materials. including hundreds of 
practice question and MeAT-style passages. 

Any Questions? 
Just give us a call at 

800-843-4973· 
tion to the two full-length MCATs we administer. Taking We'U make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the fi rst diagnostic test early in the course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak areas in .both science knowledge and test- taking 

WHEN IT'S TIME TO SJ:/' SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST. SM 



'. 

14 SPORTS 

~ $ 3950lNNER 

ne(lFIt[uro-," in the 

You buy a dinner combo 
plate and we'll buy you an 
additional choice for 

F R E E 
s.",«1 011 1M - p/DI •• 
1'1_ JItow 'jOfIT 
UCSDID. 
E.rp/Iu 4/J0/9J . 

RE~ssANcE CENTER 
.,8935 Towne Centre Drive 
":;::: 

~IRI~lfIN6 CO. 
UCSD 
"IGH' 
Wednesday 

Nights 

-$1 
"LlIIIIS ~,~ 

_ft..d\ .... ~ 

M ~Ou..A 
,I 

" j' 
I 

-=---c~\:; ;-~'1'N7'\ '. .'G 
~.~- ; .. -. -\::. 

~==--

; , 

~;;; Jj;.;.; 
L_---r. *The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
II am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w student 10 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

1I"h(f1 is 1'11111' h(fir dfJill ~ 
Ih{II }W; /1 '(1111 illll ' 
((}fliillll(' doillg .~ 

II' h(/I is }'()/Ir hoir 
rI(lill.~ IlirllY(J1I d()II '1 
I/wll il 1(1 he d(lil/,~ :-

II (J/ tid 1 'rI/ I fil'!' .W II II <'-
Ih il/,~ li('lI' (/lIt! d{j/i 'r ('111 ' 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts $4 
OFF 

WomensCuts $5 
OFF 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April5,1993 

Jason "'''''''OCI U"""',"' 
The Trtton women varsity tean picked up second place In SUnday'. Cal Cup at Mission Bay. 

Men's Crew Gets First Win 
ClEW: Triton Novice B boat captures first place at San Diego Crew Oassic 
By 1beresa Moore 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's men's and women's crew 
teams participated in the annual San 
Diego Crew Classic at Mission Bay 
with successful results, including the 
flfSt win ever by the Triton men's team 
- the novice men's victory. The 
women's team also made the most of 
the competition, with the vaISity mak-
ing it to the grand final of the Cal 
Visitor's Challenge. 

Historically, the Crew Classic has 
symbolized the beginning of the racing 
season for collegiate teams nationwide 
-women'svarsityCoachJackVallerga 
liIc.ens it to "opening day at the yacht 
club." Begun 20 years ago and held the 
first weekend in April, the Crew Oassic 
was initially aduel race between the two 
strongest rowing teams in the nation: 
the Naval Academy and the University 
of Washington, The event has devel-
oped over time to include collegiate 

UCSD Slimes Slugs 
w. mea: Tritons c:kfeat UCSC 6-3 last Thursday 
By Bree Segel 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's tennis team 
hosted UC Santa Cruz last Thurs-
day, stealing the show with a 6-3 
victory. 

According to Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante, the match "was closer 
than it should have been," noting 
that the Santa Cruz was much stron-
ger than it has been in recent years. 
It's likely that UCSC will be a re-
spectable contender for the NCAA 
Division ill National Champion-
ships in the beginning of May, 
LaPlante said. 

The losses to the Banana Slugs 
included a singles match with the 
Tritons ' Miki Kurokawa, who was 
suffering from an injured shoulder, 
and two doubles. The two doubles 
matches spanned three sets each 

and were close losses to the "new 
and improved" Banana Slugs. 

UCSD faced opponents from 
Claremont College on Friday seiz-
ing an easy 8-1 victory. 

LaPlante noted that the singles 
matches took place with speed and 
accuracy, reflected in the final 
score. 

At this point in the season, every 
match the Tritons play is good team 
preparation for NCAA. 

The Tritons are anticipating their 
departure for Phoenix this week-
end, There they will face the two 
top teams in the country, Gustavus 
Adolphus University from Minne-
sota and Trinity University from 
Texas. 

"I'm excited. T think the whole 
team is pumped up to do well. If we 
do well , it will probably indicate 

teams from all over the country, as well 
as Mastersteams,juniorandhigh school 
crews and alumni teams. 

Vallergacalledtheconditionsofthis 
weekend 's event "difficult because of 
the glare from the fog and haze." The 
starting point of the races was especially 
problematic because of the bay's drain-
ing into the ocean and the tide running 
approximately 90 pen:ent of the time, 
which tends to push the boats sideways. 

See CREW, Page 11 

Robyn Inaba 
how well we'll do at nationals," 
Triton Birdie Gessford said. 

Kurakowa agreed that the week-
end will serve as a "pre-tournament 
for Nationals." 

LaPlante explained that UCSD 
will compete in the national tourna-
ment regardless of the outcome, but 
it is important for UCSD to rack in 
more wins because it will affect 
seeding for NCAA. 

Women Take UCSB Tournament 
WOMEN'S WATER POLO: liCSD balanced attack beats Cal 12-5 to capture title 

, By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Collegeathletics'mostcovetedprize, 
the elusive national championship, can 
challenge and inspire any athlete in any 
sport, but for Head Coach Denny Hruper 
and the Triton women's water polo 
team, it' s justanother jewel in the crown. 

After corraling three consecutive 
women's water polo championships, 
national competitors around the nation 
must be asking themselves one ques-
tion: when will the rock -hard ladies 
from UCSD crack? 

Considering the squad's play last 
weekend at the uCSanta Barbara Tour-
nament, the Tritons showed no signs of 
relinquishing their title. UCSD left no 
pebble untumed, stonewalling the Cal 
Bears in the toumey's f~. 

"It was a good weekend for us," said 
Harper. "We were all pleased to know 

that we are still right on top and in 
position to win another national cham-
pionship." 

The Tritons beat Pomona Pitzer ( 12-
I), UCSB (9-7) and Cal Poly SLO (3-2) 
to earn a place in the title match against 
Cal. Abalanced scoring attackandstrong 
defense did the trick for UCSD as they 
declawed the Bears 12-5, capturing the 
college division's title, 

"We should be ranked number two 
or three in the nation after' this week-
end," said Harper. "It was a surprise to 
win the townament and I definitely feel 
the team is off to a good start." 

UCSD's biggest opposition will 
come from probable number-one ranked 
UC Davis featuring a YOOng, strong 
squad, who returned all of their mem-
bers from last year's team and then 
some, 

The Tritons' defense will be an-

chored by redshirt senior Jane Quin-
Harkin, an experienced member of 
past championship teams, and two 
National B-team players in sopho-
more hole-set Julie Swail and junior 
Alison Westphal. No slouch in the 
cage, sophomore twin towers Dana 
Bird and Leona Mason will be vel)' 
stingy in guarding the goal. 

" We played vel)' tired water polo 
this weekend," admined Harper, with 
the women coming off a hell week of 
training over spring break. "We prac-
ticed for about six to seven hours a day 
and our play at Santa Barbara was real 
sloppy at times." 

There is no telling just how far a 
rested team can go, but if the past is any 
indication of the future, the sword still 
remains in the Tritons ' stone aOO it will 
take a valiant set of horseless knights to 
ovetthrow this vain ruler of the sea. 

Monday, AprilS 1993 

A.S./COiJ.EGE SENATORS WANT YOU TO: 

SPEAK UP! 
Do you have a concern about 

UCSD? Want information on your 
college or UCSD? He a suggestion 
forimproving the university? Talk to 
your Senators. These people repre-
sent you on the Associated Students 
Council , and want to hear what you 
think, 

Each college has four Senators, 
each of whom hold weekly office 
hours, and can be reached by phone. 
You can contact your Senators 
through ' the Associated Students at 
534-4450 or through your College 
Dean's Office. . 

A.S. MEETING 
EveI)' Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Floor. Come and 
get involved!! 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Apply for new positions on the A.S. 
Academic Affairs Board. For more 
information, call 534-4450, or 
apply with the A.S. Receptionist, 
Third Floor, Price Center. 

ATTENTION DESKTOP PUBUSHERS 
Apply for positions producing flyers, 
newspaper ads, and other publicity 
for A.S. events and activities. For 
more information, call 534-4450 or 
come by the A.S. offices, Third 
Floor, Price Center. 

ENTERPRISE MANAGER WANTED 
Enterprise manager needed for the 
development and marketing of a 
new line of clothing. Great work 
experience. Pick up an application 
with the A.S, Receptionist, Third 
Roor, Price Center, or call 534-
4450 for more information. 

ENTERPRISE/SALES MANAGER 
Manager needed for new enterprise 
selling advertisements for campus 
alternative media. Great experi-
ence, compensation , Pick up an 
application from the A.S. Recep-
tionist, Third Roor, Price Center, or 
call 534-4450 for more informa-
tion. 

NEWSPAPER EDITOR WANTED 
Apply to be Editor-in-Chief of the 
A.S: newspaper, Position is paid. 
Other editors, writers, designers, 
photographers, and other staff 
wanted also. For more information, 
call 534-4450, or pick up an 
application with the A.S. Reception-
ist, Third Floor, Price Center, 

ALL SOUTHERN CAL 
SEMI-FORMAL 
Join students from Chinese Stu-
dent Associations from allover 
southern California on Friday, April 
23,8 pm -1 am at the Hyatt 
Anaheim. Tickets are $10 in 
advance, $12 for members at the 
door, and $15 for non-members at 
the door. Call 453-4977 for more 
information, 

The UCSD Guardian 

d ;.,., t;../' .... .1. ·00 j., " J /-'1 4< .... '\. ~ , -

01'&1' •• VlII\IYL /' 
1.'-.1 I'.r~ ' . ~ Y" - •. ';' ; A . ' \:-

-I _.", I/, . Parents vuon't buy . ~,' __ ' It' . ' - - C ' I ... "" ... • . 
__ _ _,_ J' .L. ,. _ "_ your . _ ~s !!!..-~~OI:&-l.. 
can't find It? We do·· . ~ Save InGney uvtIh 

. q,.f' , t _0 ... I- ~ 
" .~ L 

'r' J 

" : I " . oIdCDs l 
.... .. 4 .. .. .... ~ ,. ,. I 
Just ask, and we .. selJOU ~r ~ . r~ for CNdI!. 
Assorted' VinyllcnH!s You ••• ask '.nyOJle!!r: 

. 4'" .' _ ~ • • .... -. r 
~ VInyl ~cso Prlce"Cenler 5~~2733-; / .~ , F· .e .-

ALL·YOlJ-CAN-EAT AT THE CHE 
Every Wednesday, 4:30 until we 
run out, enjoy different vegetarian 
dishes from Indian food to Texas 
Chili and cornbread. If you have any 
recipes or ideas, let us knowl 

ART SHOWINGS 
Attention aspiring artists: Looking 
for a proving ground? The Che Cafe 
will display your art and let you 
work to design your own show. Call 
534-2311 for more information. 

BAHA'I CLUB 
World peace and race unity are 
inevitable. Come discuss solutions 
and share your views at a meeting 
on Wednesday, April 7 at 7 :30 pm 
in the Irvine Room, Price Center, 
Second Roor. 

CAFE DIANA AT THE CHE 
Come enjoy this late night, student-
run coffee house EveI)' Monday 
through Thursday from 9 pm - 2 
am . For art, poetl)', music, food, or 
study, check us out. The CM is 
your home too , so give us ideas 
and we'll see what we can do 
together. 

CASINO NIGHT 
Come play blackjack, craps, 
roulette, and pai gow with CSA on 
Friday, April 9, from 7 - 11 pm at 
the International Center. Free and 
open to evel)'one. Call 453-2320 
for more information. 

CIRCLE K 
Come to our meetings every 
Monday at 7 pm in Price Center 
GaileI)' B, It only takes one to make 
a difference, be a volunteer. 

DANCERS, DRUMMERS, & 
MARTIAL ARTS 
Come see performers from 
Manipur, India at 8 pm on Satur-
day, April 10 at Mandeville Audito-
rium. Discount tickets available to 
UCSD students, call 558-8103. 

MAGIC MOUNTAIN TRIP 
Come with the International Club 
on Saturday, April 10 from 9 am to 
midnight for $22 (including trans-
portation and admission). Sign-up 
now at the International Center. 

MUSIC NIGHT AT CAFE DIANA 
EveI)' Wednesday night at 9 pm at 
the Che Cafe, experience violins, 
saxophones, and acoustic guitars. 
From Jazz to Blues, to Countl)' 
tunes , we want you to strutt your 
stuff. Spread the word , 

MUSUM AWARENESS WEEK 
April 5 - 9, come see a different 
film each night at 7 pm in Peterson 
Hall 110. Free and all are wel-
come, 

POETRY NIGHT AT CAFE DIANA 
Every Thursday night at 10 pm at 
the Che Cafe, share poems, short-
short stories, sudden fiction, even 
personal narratives, Let the writer 
inside you out, no criticism unless 
you ask for it. We are your stage 
and your audience. 

PSYCHOLOGY CLUB MEETING 
When is the next GRE? Come find 
out all you need to know from our 
guest speaker on Monday, April 5 
at 4 pm in the San Francisco! 
Santa Cruz Room, Price Center, 
Second Floor. 

The Associated Students 
controls over $1,000,000 
of your money ... 

Associated Students Elections 
Polling will be: 

Tuesday II Wednesday 
April 6 II 7 
10am-4pm 

Thursday, April 8 
10 am-2 pm 

Price Center (by the AlMs) 
Main Gym Steps 

Invest in yourself ... VOTE! 

IS 

... .. 

... PUB SHOW .. 
with 

~[ll(ffi][ll[][j) [p~®[ll[]~ 
&! 
OD~ffiillW 

... 

.. 

.. 

Friday, April 16 
8:00 pm 
TICKETS 

$5 students 
$7 non-students .. 

, SlMllSllldIlY 1SlCSll1I'OIIr1lll1l1111 
.. Iar mn IlIIannallDn, cal ~·525' .. 

A.S. FILM SERIFS 
PRESENTS 

Steve Martin 
IN 

Lea of Faith 
'IHURSDAY" APRIL 8 

6:30, 9:00, 11:30 
TICKEIS 
$1 in advance 
$2 day of show 

sponsoroo hy AS Programming and Hardcore Films 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hey! Are you interested in volunteer 

work? If so, we have a great 
opportunity for you right here on 
campus! The Volunteer Connection is 
beginning the application process for 
next year, All positions will be 
available next year, so come on by if 
you are interested, 

Are 'You or your organization 
interested in making an elderly 
person's day a little brighter? If so, 
contact Molly at the office. 

Volunteer Connection is located on 
the second floor of Price Center across 
from the elevator. Come by, or call us 
at 534- 1414. 

A.S. Newsflashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
adVertise In the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 



16 SPORTS 

ARf 

lIT 
Take Me Out To 
The Brawl Game 

You know you're having a bad day 
when you charge the IllOWld after a 
little chin music and the pitcher 
squashes you like you weren't even 
there. Most pitchers who throw at 
hitters aren't willing 10 stand there and 
fight; instead, they cower and run 
toward center field while the other 49 
players on both teams tackle each other 
in a big love-fest on the diamond. 
Banets are supposed to be heroic, 
macho, lough guys who can kill a man 
with their bare hands. Pitchers are 
cowardly weasels who play every five 
days, can 'I run or hit, and show their 
bravery by throwing well-aimed, high-
velocity pitches at a batter's head. 

Losing to a pitcher in a brawl is 
about as likely as a Dallas Mavericks 
NBA championship or a UC fee 
reduction or a coherent sentence from 
Admiral Siockdale. It's baseball's 
equivalent to NFL lough-guy Jack 
Tatum getting clodleslined by puny 
kicker Rolf Benirschke or basketball's 
5-3 Mugsy Bogues rejecting a 
Shaquille 0 'Neal monster jam. II just 
doesn't happen. 

Except to Hal Monis of the Reds. 
In a game against Oeveland last 
Tuesday, Morris was the unwilling 
recipient of a Jose Mesa brushback 
pitch. After getting plunked in the back 
by a ~mph fastball, Morris' reaction 
wasn't surprising; he charged the 
mound. The situation went from bad 10 
worse when Mesa proved to be a better 
wrest1er than pitcher. The hulking 
Indians hurler lifted the plucky Monis 
four feet off the ground and 
bodyslammed hinl to the turf. A bench-
clearing melee ensued, and Mesa and 
Monis were ejected. Morris' reward 
for reta1iation: a separated shoulder and 
an all-expenses-paid, six-week Slay on 
the disabled Ii t. 

Fights are becoming a nightly affair 
in the NBA. Just last week, the 
superbouts included Greg Anthony vs. 
Kevin Johnson and ShaquilJe O'Neal 
vs. Alvin Robertson. Even Denick 
Coleman threw a wild roundhouse left 
in anger. Luckily, Coleman's punch, 
like a Jalen Rose jumpshol, hit nothing 
but air. 

In hockey, the combatants throw 
ann punches that usually connect 
against the other player's helmet, 
resulting in more broken hands than 
jaws. In baseball, the players mostly 
push and curse at each other. Football 
is one big fight witll pads. But 
basketball fights are different Highly 
agile, incredibly strong seven-foot, 
tllree-hundred pound athletes throwing 
punches is not a pleasant thought. 

While some fights are entertaining 
and can even provide comic relief, 
there's no question that assault and 
battery prove detrimental to profes-
sional sports. Playing hard is one tiling; 
assaulting another player with intent to 
do bodily harm goes beyond the ethical 
boundaries of the ganle. And one of 
these days, a professional ballplayer 
will be unable to serve his 1eague-
ordered tllree-game suspension because 
he's on the injured list - permanently. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, AprilS, 1993 

Tritons Repel Crusaders 
BAHULL: UCSD rears Point 
Loo1a, 6-5, for sixth win in last eight 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

There comes a point in every season where the 
strengths and weaknesses of a team are readily 
apparent, and for the UCSD baseball team, tllat time 
is now. Early on, bullpen failures, anemic hitting and 
shaky defense sent the Tritons to a number of heart-
breaking defeats. 

But in recent games, the team has shown one 
particular strength - the ability to handle adversity 
and still compete. Witll season-ending injuries to key 
players such as Ryan Flanagan (ann), Dominic 
Dirksen (knee surgery) and Todd Horvath (broken 
hand), the freshmen and sophomores of Head Coach 
Lyle Yates' team have gained their experience on the 
field, producing six wins in its last eight games, 
including a 6-5 triumph over visiting Point Lorna on 
Thursday. 

The Triton offense rode the momentum of 
Wednesday's nine-run, late-inning bamge against 
Christ College of Irvine to burst out of the gates early 
against Point Lorna The Crusaders had scored first 
off Triton ace Kurt Luhrsen when Joaquin Sosa 
drove in a run on a groundball in the top of the second 
inning. UCSD answered with a run of its own when 
freshman Carl Abramson, starting in place of the 
injured Dirksen, delivered a tw~ut triple to score 
Sean Darrock, tying the score at I-\. 

Shortstop ErIc Quandt dives back to first during UCSD's 6-5 win on Thanclay. 

Point Lorna scratched out another run in the top 
of the third on Matt Parker's sacrifice, but in the 
bottom of the third, the UCSD offense exploded for 
four runs. 

Scrappy shortstop Eric Quandt led off with a 
walk, and two outs later Magdaleno took a free pass 
as well. Darrock drove them botll in with a double 
and immediately scored on a Pat Hart base hit 
Freshman Bobby Arban kept the rally going with a 
base hit of his own, and Abramson followed with 
another tw<K>ut, run-scoring single, giving UCSD a 
5-2 lead after tllree innings. 

Through the middle innings, Luhrsen had to pitch 
in and out of jams. including a potential big inning in 
the fourth. The Crusaders loaded the bases witll one 
out, but a 4-6-3 double play ended that threat. 

Thanks to some sloppy base running by the 
Crusaders,Luhrsenmanagedtoescapeanothertllreat 

in the top of the sixth by allowing only one run. 
Catcher Brock Marsh had reached on an error by 
Magdaleno, and third baseman Jason Huntley was hit 
byapitch. 

Sosa then ripped a single into left, but Marsh held 
at third. Huntley, not seeing Marsh hold up, rounded 
second too far and got caught in a run down. With the 
run down, Sosa took off for the plate, where he was 
nailed for the first out of the inning. Huntleyeventu-
ally carne around to score on a Greg Idson RBI-
groundout, but the big inning was thwarted. 

Another replacement took center stage for the 
Tritons in the bottom of the seventll. Newcomer Dan 
O'Brien, having joined the team over spring break, 
came through witll a double into the left field alley. 
Magdaleno followed with a tremendous blast off the 
left field wall and UCSD led, 64. 

Things got tight for the Tritons in the eighth, as 
Luhrsen got knocked around foranotherrun. Luhrsen 
(J 2!3 IP, 5R, 4ER, 9H) left the bases loaded with two 
outs for reliever Marc Abranls. Abrams, another 
freshman who has seen limited action, walked Jimmy 
Escamilla to bring the Crusaders to within 6-5, but a 
groundout ended the inning. 

No Snow in Tritonland 
GOLF: UCSD rears up on two Division II teams at Torrey Pines 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

In golf lingo every number has its own name. A 
seven for example, is called a hockey stick and a nine 
is a flamingo. An eight is called a snowman and a 
score of less than 80 is known as breaking snow. For 
the UCSD golf team , the weather has been perfect the 
last two tournaments - not a flake in sight. 

The Tritons ran roughshod over two Division IT 
teams, Cal State San Bernardino and Cal State 
Dominguez Hills, on Friday at Torrey Pines. UCSD 
totaled a 30\ , 22 strokes better than runner-up San 
Bernardino. Dominguez Hills finished up lhird at 
325. 

This was the second meet in a row where all of the 
Triton duffers have broken 80, including last week's 
huge performance at the daunting Wood Ranch 
Country Club. Dale Abraham was the medalist for 

UCSD, scoring an even-par 72. Sophomore Pete 
Roberts tied for second with a 76 even though he was 
"sick as a dog," according to Head Coach Mike 
Wydra. 

Tom Brown also shot a 76 in despite of knocking 
theballonJy 80 yards off the tee on his first shot of the 
day. Despite that mishap, Brown recovered nicely, 
scoring par. 

Jeremy "Chad" Moe and Brock "Rocky" Shafer 
each knocked around the greens in 77, while Jim 
O'Grady rounded out the squad with a 78. 

"It's very importanltO play well at Torrey Pines," 
Wydra said of the Tritons' home course that will be 
hosting the National Championships at the end of 
May. "We figure a score of 1 200 will be good enough 
to win nationals, so we're right on track with our 30 1." . 

UCSD's performance over the last two tourna-
ments has been enough to excite even the normally 

D1eWeek 

In earlier garnes, the Tritons had blown similar 
leads late in the ballgame, but not on this day. In the 
nintll, Abrams was replaced by yet another freshman 
hurler, Ben Mangan, who inherited a runner on first 
with one out Yates' strategy was to bring in Mangan 
to face Marsh, a powerful left-hander. 

With the game on the line, Mangan carne through 
with a huge strikeout of Marsh and got Huntley on a 
comebacker to end the game, giving the Tritons a 6-
5 victOl)' and improving their record to 8-10-1 
:overal1. 

"Our starting pitching wasn't as sharp, but 
[Luhrsen] took us deep into the game and with our 
injurysituationthatwasakey. We managed to swing 
the bats extremely well and we were hitting the ball 
hard, even on outs, " Yates said 

This win was especially unique because of its 
heroes. The two freshman relievers, Abrams and 
Mangan, were poised to hold the tight lead late in the 
game and to preserve the win for Luhrsen (3-3). 
Offensively, Carl Abramson led the way with two 
tw<K>ut RBI hits. In fact, all six ofUCSD' s runs were 
driven in with two outs, a sign that the Triton offense 
is starting to click on all cylinders. 

Pete Roberts shot a 76 on Friday. 
stoic Wydra. "To have everybody break 80 the last 
couple times out has been incredible. At Wood 
Ranch [O'Grady] shot two 79's which we threw out 
but would have been scoring rounds for every other 
team," Wydra said. 

The Headline Matchup: Baseball VI. University of Redlands, Tuesday and Wednesday, 2:30 p.m., baseball diamond. 
Other Games: Golf at UC Irvine Invitational, today. 


