
Elsewhere 
Regents Name Bar 
Education Director 

AN FRANCISCO-
Richard Lee, nationally 
recognized authority on 
continuing legal education, 
wa named the new director of 
the Continuing Education of 
the Bar (ECB) by UC Presi-
dent Jack Peltason at the 
Board of Regent meeting on 
Feb. 18. Lee erved previ-
ously a the director of 
profe sional development 
with the int rnationallaw firm 
of Morri on & Foer ter. He 
will assume hi post March 15 
as the largest provider of 
continuing legal education in 
the world, ucceeding former 
CEB Director William Carroll 
who retired last fall. 

UCSC looking to 
Switch to Semesters 
SA T A CRUZ - In an effort 
to fight the ri ing co t of 
education, UC Santa Cruz i 
considering changing it clas 
chedule from the quarter to the 
emester system. According to 

UCSC official , the change 
would mean one Ie week of 
hopping for cla e, one Ie s 

hour of waiting in lines and 
much les paperwork for 
admini trators. The change 
would also mean an extra ix 
weeks of cia se!> for tudent 
per term , an idea which many 
tudent oppo e. Due to the 

high cost as ociated with the 
transition. UCSC i unlikely to 
make the change in the near 
future. 

English Department 
Seeks Diversity 
SANTA BARBARA- The 
UCSB Engli h Department is 
working to obtain approval for 
the addition of the first African-
American woman to its faculty. 
Although recent University of 
Pennsylvania graduate Nicole 
King has not officially been 
offered the job yet, department 
officials are hoping to fill a 
special "target of opportunity 
slot" by appointing her to the 
po ition. 

Inside 

~ 
BEER, MATE? 
HIATUS: A variety of pubs 
brings a British atmosphere 
to San Diego. HI 

SPORTS: The wimming 
and diving team visited the 
conference finals. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEF ........................ 2 
A .. MEETING NOTES ............ 3 
OPINION .............. ............... .4 
HIAT ....... ...................... HI 
CLA fFiED ...................... 10 

PORT .............................. 12 

, H E 

TOUR DAY, FEBRUARY 25,1993 VOLUME i8, I El6 

Third College To Be Renamed Marshall 
CHANGE: PrOpo al must be approved by chancellor, 
regents. Formal approval may be granted in March 

Ledden. the decision to move for-
ward with the proposal was made. 

By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Third College's 23-year stint 
without a name may have finally 
reached a conclu ion Monday a~ 
Third Provo t Cecil Lytle officially 
reque ted that Third College be re-
named Thurgood Marshall College. 
after the recently deceased Supreme 
Court ju tice. 

change, according to Lytle. Both 
Lytle and Irons reported that they 
have received a "flood" of corre-
. pondenc supporting the propo aI . 

Letters and phone call have 
orne from tuden!.. faculty . staff 

and member of the community. as 
well as two city coun ilmembers 
and a county upervi or. Lytle aid. 

"[Mar hallJ has done more than 
any other person in this century, at 
least, to promote educational qual-
ity and opportunity both a a lawyer 
and as a justice and I think that' s 
very appropriate for a college that 
promotes opportunity and diver-
. ity:' Iron. aid. 

The decision temmed from Po-
litical Scien e Profes or Peterlron' 
commentary in the Feb. 4 issue of 
the Guardian ugge ting the name 

Following a meeting last Thun;-
day between Lytle. Iron . hancel-
lor Richard Atkin 'on and U D 

ommittee on Naming Buildings. 
treet and Facilities hair Patri k 

Lytle wa!> equally ~upp 11iw, 
saying that Marshall' s "\ hole life 
[wa.,J dedicated to educational op-
p rtunity and individual rights." 

Man;hall was a champion of in-
dividual rights as a lawyer allli dur-

See MARSHALL, Page 7 

Jason RitChie/ Guardian 
Third College Provost Cecil Lytle 
proposed the change to Marshall. 

You MAKE THE CALL 

Denny RusplnijGuardlan 
Warren Junior ErIk Persell and Third Junior Adam Cohen call the shots In a mock football 
game play-by-play booth at the CBS promotion In the Revelle Plaza yesterday. 

Berkeley ~rofessor Slams UCSD Expenses 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD rank fourth in administrative expen-
ditures in the Univeristy of California. accord-
ing to a recent independent study released by UC 
Berkeley Physics Professor Charle Schwartz. 

The latest report, the third in an on-going 
series scrutinizing the UC budget, was intended 
to give a more detailed account of the data that 
Schwartz furnished in his second report which 
claimed that "an immense bureaucratic over-
growth permeates the entire University of Cali-
fomia." 

In hi second report, Schwartz compiled data 
concerning administrative expenditure for the 
entire upper-level administration of the univer-
sity. The latest report augments the previous 
study, providing parallel data for each of the 
individual campus administrations. 

According to Schwartz's data, UCSO spent 
$52,332,000 on administration for the 1991-92 
school year. Thi is the fourth large t administra-
tive expenditure among the nine UC campuses, 
falling behind only UCLA, UC Berkeley and 
UC San Francisco. 

Schwartz's figures indicate that over the last 

five year, the rate of administrative growth at 
UCSD was approximately twice that of student 
growth and triple that of instructional staff growth. 

Schwartz emphasized that this data, imilar 
to the data in his second report, deals only with 
"the top level of bureaucracy on each campus: 
the chancellor's office and the campus-wide 
admini trative offices directly controlled by the 
various vice chancellors." This doe not include 
academic, research-related or various support 
service administration, he aid. 

According to Schwartz, younger campuses 
such as UCSD underwent a rapid growth period 
in the late sixties when the undergraduate pro-
grams were initiated. But even as these younger 
campu e mature, the administrations tend to 
continue growing. "This seems to be a general 
disease," he said. 

The sharp growth in UCSO's upper level 
administration over the past five years is "cer-
tainly something that should be worrisome," 
Schwartz aid. Although UCSO's situation i 
not the worst, it is still troubling, he added. 

However, Associate Vice Chancellor of Re-
ource Management John Woods was not en-

See SCHWARTZ, Page 8 

NSF Director 
Named UC 
Vice President 
UNIVERSITY: Regent approve 
Peltason' choice for second-in-
command at last week's meeting 
By Philip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Walter E. Mas ey, the director of the Na-
tional Science Foundation (NSF) since 1991 , 
was appointed senior vice president for aca-
demic affairs and provo t of the u~iversity at 
last week's regent meeting. 

At the Feb. 18 meeting, the UC Board of 
Regents approved UC President lack Peltason 's 
recommendation of Mas ey, 54, to fill the 
second-most senior executive position at the 
UniversityofCalifomi<1. In astatement follow-
ing the announcement, Meredith Khachigian, 
chair of the Board of Regents, prai ed the 
selection of Massey. 

"Dr. Massey i an ouistanding choice for 
this complex and challenging position. We 
were immediately attracted by his energy and 
enthusiasm, and impressed by his strong blend 
of experience in education and administra-
tion," Khachigian said. 

After learning of his appointment, Ma~sey 
expressed pleasure over being named senior 
vice president. "The UC system,like many of 
the nation's universities, is experiencing un-
precedented stresse of many kinds, but it is 
oneofthe greatest universities in the world. and 
a tremendous asset to the state of Cal ifomia and 
the nation," Massey . aid. 

"1 welcome a chance to work on challenges 
that lie ahead because of UC' ability to pro-
duce both highly educated student and solu-
tions to many of the nations's problems," he 
added. 

Massey will fill a position which was for-
merly known as enior vice president for aca-
demic affairs. The change in title recognizes 
the expanded duties and responsibilities under 
Peltason's reorganization of the univer ity's 
y tern wide admini tration. 

"The same energy and proficiency Dr. 
Massey has displayed throughout his career. 
and most recently at the National Science Foun-
dation, will serve the University of California 
well during the e challenging time and for 
years to come," aid Peltason in a statement 

See MASSEY, Page 7 



2 NEW 

A busy day for Jack 
A look at President Peltason' 
'chedule for today : 

9:00 • 10:00 Meeting with students - Santa 
Barbara Room, Price Center; 
Hosted by: Undergraduate 
Affairs; Est. Attendance: 14 

10:30 • 11:10 Central Library Rededlcati on and UC 125th 
Anniversary Commemoration; Hosted by: Chancellor 
Atkinson; Estimated attendance: 300 

11:10 · 12:20 UCSD Guardian Editorial Board Meeting 

12:30 • 2:00 Luncheon with library rededication speakers 

4:30 • 5:30 Meeting of the San Diego Division of the Academic 
Senate - IRI PS Auditorium 

6:00 • 8:00 Community reception hO'1oring President and Mrs. 
Peltason; Hosted by: Chancellor and Mrs. Atkinson; 
Estimated attendance: 200 

Re~ Bruckner/ GuaId,an 

UC President Peltason 
Tours UCSD Today 
VISIT: New pre ident will help rededicate the Central 
Library and meet with studen and facu lty 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Semor Staff Writer 

UC Presidt:nt Jack Peltason ar-
rive~ n campus today, the fi rst of-
ficial visit by a UC President to 
U Dinalmosttwoy.:ars.Peltason, 
formerchancell rofU Irvine who 
took the helm of the nine-campus 
univen.i ty I a.~ t Oct ocr, plans t meet 
withseveml student representatives 
during his day in an Diego. 

Peltas n's vi~it is focused on the 
combined entral LibralY Rededi-
cation and the 1~5th Anniversary 
CommemorJti n of the University 
of Cali fomi a to be held at 10:30, but 
'llso include~ a one-hour breakfast 
meeling with student leaders and an 
afternoon meeting with faculty 
members in the cademic Senate. 

In addition, Peltason's schedule 
includes separate meetings with the 
editoriul board~ of the Gllordillll 
and the Sail Diego Union-Tribulle. 

Student leaders have several is-
~ue~ they plan to discuss with the 
president, who i 'aid to have been 
rai r1y re,pons i ve to student concern, 
wh ile at UC Irvine. 

Graduate tudent Association 
Pre~iuent Patrick Can'OlI wants to 
discuss four issues: the UCSD 
admini,tr.llion\ recent disso lution 
of the University Center Board 
(UCB). recognizing graduate stu-
dent employees. the co-op situation 
and the budget crisis. 

"1 first want to get a sense of 

where he\ coming from ." WTOIt 
. aid. '"This will be anopponunity to 
find out 'd ~ he unde~tand whnt', 
going n here at UCSD') ' " 

Associated tudents President 
Mike Holme, said his pliority b to 
discus~ "the future of the university 
in theey<!~ of the president and what 
kinds of contribution students wilt 
have to make to meet these goal ." 

Holmes said student fee. hould 
be a primary topic, especially the 
is 'ue of tudent control over self-
assessed fees, He added that he plan 
to explore with Peltason the possi-
bility offaculty pay cuts in exchange 
for a smaller student fee increase, 

While CWTOI\ said he was "cau-
tiouslyoptimislic" that Pelta.~on will 
be receptive to student concerns, 
Holmesdoes nO! havehighexpecla-
tion,.~ . 

" Because [of] the cri is he 
stepped into. a lot of his priorities 
were set very quickly." Holmes said. 
He added that he sees very little 
change from the then-UC President 
David G:lrdners policy decisions. 

pi te,t over increasing stu-
dent fee, i, plnnned to take place 
while Peltason b at Centr.11 Library, 
from \0:30 to I I :50 this morning. 
AccordingtoU SDPolic:: ergeant 
Steven Brannen. the police are pre-
pared for the president 's visit. but 
do not see Peltason as a controver-
ial figure who warrants elaborate 

security plans. 

ERRATA 
·1 11 the Feb. 11 bsuc or Ihe GlIurdiulJ. a graphic was run wilh the commentary 

" Beware or Greek MYlhs." The Greek Icncrs used illlhe dmwing were chosen nJ 
random and not meanl as a commcntary on Ph i Alpha Della. lhe pre-law co-cd 
fr:ucmiIY· 

·In Ihe F..:b. 22 issue of the G"urdillll. in the story entitled "Coun Denics 
ReMrJining Order for UCB," the rulingofthccourt was incorrectly stated. The court. 
whilc denying Ihe temporary rc lraining order. 31so required the univer ity to " how 
cause" for the disc tablishment of the UCB at the pi aImed April 2 coun hearing. 

111C Gllardiall regrets these errors. 

GiWlliAN 
TIIt((SOGuirtU'l~P\dshed~iI1d~M'Cte _~~iI1dtrte_ 
01 \.CSO. ReQtoduClIcn rJ \IJs _ In rfI W , 'OIIeter In _ or In pa'l, wit1Ql ~ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday. Febnaary 25. 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

i\\\~ WOKT 
'/()J TaL ~E 

~I\"TS 11>1 
TI\~T ~G • 

\\£.\l£ ~R£ 
'/0011. mTS . 

~C1J t-\A~ 
B£Glt-I . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

fiN£.. 000'1' 
S£'lIE~E 

1o\E: 
\ 

'I<l'J S~IO II 
N()\J\. 0 c.~t 

~ K"~\)~ 
\)JRI~G 
rOOM'S 

~S\. 

TilE \lEAD I'; 
"N. oAAcU:: . 
1'11. 1'\11 I\~ 
If.'\ QlS~ AtU) 
If 111\1. \a 
ME N\<:''fIERS 

IT 'NOOlO Il£ 
~ GR.\;,~T 
SvRI'RI')E, 
FoI1 14£ IF 
~()J'O Jv,)T 
GU~'fI~ 

-

Stuart Collection Adds 12th Art Piece 
UCSD's Stuart Art Collection will inaugurate it's 12th 

worl< entitled, "Green Table.' The work, by Jenny Holzer, 
consists of a rectangular 2().foot by 6-foot granite table 
with benches on all sides. The tops and sides of the 
table and benches are engraved with a selection of her 
writings representing a varying range of viewpoints and 
moods. 

A reception will take place at the site, which is 
located on a small concrete terrace between Muir 
Commons and the Humanities and Social Sciences 
building, from 5-7p.m. on Saturday, March 6. 

Scripps Institution Recognized 
For Media Prominence 

The San Diego Press Club has chosen the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography to receive two "Headliner of 
the Year" awards which will be given in recognition of 
prominence in the news during 1992. The Press Club 
gives the award for prominent media coverage in a 
variety of areas including business, sports, education 
and science. 

Dr. Andrew Benson, professor emeritus of marine 
biology, and the Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum will 

be honored during ceremonies today. 
Benson, who is the recipient in the science category, 

gained intemational attention when he and Arthur 
Nonomura announced a study of the effects of methanol 
on crops. They discovered that when certain crops are 
sprayed with diluted methanol, the plants produce 
higher yields with the use of less water. 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum was also re-
warded for philanthropy and community support, 

The award for the aquarium will be accepted by 
Ashley Orr, a third.grade student at Del Mar Hills Elemen-
tary School. 

Algerian, Somalian to Discuss 
Problems In Their Native Lands 

The Muslim Student Association will be sponsoring 
a discussion event addressing the issues of human 
rights abuses in Somalia and Algeria. 

The event will feature two speakers, Algerian 
Mohamed HHadi Lazzouni, and Somalian Hasan Abu 
Bakr. The two will participate in a discussion tonight, at 
8 p.m. in Peterson Hall Rm. 108. The event is co-
sponsored by ASUCSD and Third College Council. 

_.,.,. __ ...... "'~~''#}~ 'mA,,·w.ffl,_,.: ~~~.,".~"j 
T.....,'. Mrf: 2-4 ft': ' 
Water temp: 60' 

Thurs: 63'/53' FrI: 62'/50' Sat: 61'/50 ' Yesterday: 61"/52 ' 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEff NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DESHlN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
ILLUSTRATORS: Mlcha Croll. Tara Eoll. Nathan Erlln , Speed Farrts . jennifer 
Hart. Dominic Lobbla. Alan Lun""en. Adrtano Munoz. Katie Roe . ... 1 Spong 
D£SIGNERS: Joel ","01<1. Wilson Cheuna. CIndy LIn. Marcus LObbla. Christopher 
LOCk 
PHOTOQIIAPHERI: Oavld Cho. Sldart Deb. Paul Mackey. JennIfer Mattnews. 
Lort MitChell. Chuck Nauyen. Jennifer Vann 
COI'Y "fADERS: Michelle Ch iang, Aron Miller. jessie Springer. Ma~an Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tlm Lin 

Wic1I\' J)IOIIb~ e 1993. II !WU te_. TIlt t.c:sO ~ Is I'()lIt$llOfl$illle tr te teu,rn 01 
lIlSOIdtld ~ or art The >fews ~ ~ f1IIlhCS nl !IVttJ JoUm 01 ~ dO I'()l 

~ IOIIOstnt te _ III TIlt t.c:sO G.<m.n te ~ III ClIilma. or te Assooaltd 
~ TIlt (CS/l1laQ,w) Is Ilrded sole!! I¥~. Get)Oll p-e. _ 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Tara EolI 

BOB OeANDREA. Business Manager 
MICHAn FOULKS, Ad\'ertJsing Manlller 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AMrtlsing DeSigner 

E, LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, ASSOCiate Graphics Editor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN. Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAFF WRmRl: Jenny Gala",. Dan Krauss. M3nnew RObinson. Bren 
Rnyne. Mleneel SChwartz. Sheryl Wolcon 
STAFFWRITtRI: Elaine Camuso. KrlstaCatpenter. Albert Garibaldi. KlISten H~. 
BIlly Hwang, Chris Jensen. Melissa Jacoos, Gaye Jonnson. Roderick Lee. wendy McNeill. 
Theresa Moore. MuraU Moorthy. Julie Pal<. Paul PhllI,ps. Ely Rabanl. Blair Ridley. Kara 
Saul. RIIU Saxena. Alela J. ShemIan. Julie Sherman. Karen Splecet . GregorySlepl'lens 

EditorIal: 5340580. Business OIflce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actuollocabon: Second F1oo<. UCSO Stuoent Center Bu,IO ... . " . 

Thursday, February 25,1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

A.S. COlDlcil Approves Co-op Agreement A.S. MEETING NOTES 
GOVERNMENT: GSA 
and Co-ops have qualms 
about certain aspects 
By DM Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

In a move to jump- tart the stag-
nant co-op negotiations, the Associ-
ated Students voted overwhelmingly 
last night to sign tbe amended 
Memorandum ofU ndersranding, the 
document that is the basis of the 
agreement between the co-ops, the 
university, the Graduate Student 
Association (GSA), and the A.S. 

1lleA.S.alsovotedinfavorofan 
amendment to lhe memorandum 
stipulating that Holmes will not ac-
tually sign the contract until the full 
council also approve master space 
and sub-space agreements for the 
co-ops. The deadline for a final 

agreement is set for March 5. 
According to A.S. Pre ident 

Mike Holmes, the decision comes 
after a "discouraging" four-week 
period that followed the original 
Jan, 31 deadline for the negotiation. 

··It' a fru trating feeling," aid 
Holmes. "No one seems to be mov-
ingon this.ltseems we've been out 
here alone trying to work this out." 

Holmes emphasized that the lack 
of communication between the par-
tie involved has been one of the 
biggest stumbling blocks in finaliz-
ing the agreement. 

"The two panies involved with 
the greatest interest [i.e. the univer-
sity and the co-ops] should at least 
be helping," said Holmes. " I '01 hop-
ingwe'regoing to put our foot down 
and say thai fhis is an agreement that 
we aren't happy with butt hat we can 

live with, and this is what you're 
going to sign if you want an agree-
ment with the A.S. " 

Since the deadline, the A.S. has 
proposed veralchangestothememo-
randum that have raised concerns 
among the other groups involved. 

According to Holmes, the uni-
versity had nine points of conten-
tion with the A.S. version of the 
memorandum, which "[the A.S.] 
cannot accept." Meanwhile, the co-
op differed with the A.S. on two 
i ues and the GSA mised one con-
cern regarding the A.S.· modifica-
tion of the documem. 

During last night's meeting, the 
GSA repre entative asked that the 
vote be po tponed until the GSA 
could review what it considered to 
be "a sub tantially different docu-
ment." 

UCB Update - The San Diego County Superior Court has set April 2 as the 
date for a hearing during which the legal status of the University Center 
Board (UCB) will be determined. Several members of the recently 
disestablished board and A.S. members voiced their opinions on the issue, 
specifically addressing the topic of whether or not the A.S. should send a 
representative to the official advisory board promoted by the administration. 
A.S. President Mike Holmes emphasized that a ·solidified, unified student 
push' is needed to make sure that students' rights are represented on the 
new board. Many councilmembers were in favor of sending a representative 
to give students a voice on the new board, but the council voted against 
sending a representative, 6-13. 

Campus Crime end Safety- Warren College Senior Senator Sean 
DiThomas addressed the issues of crime and safety, citing statistics of 
increased vehicle break·ins and reports of other crimes, especially in the 
parl<ing lots near Warren College. Because Warren lots are located further 
from the center of campus, he asserted that they are not being adequately 
patrolled. He added that more safety precautions should be taken despite 
the current budget situation. 

Funeral Services Planned for UCSD Student 

Study Area- In the report of the Council Caucus, submitted by Public 
Relations Events Manager Bik·Na Pari<, University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers suggested that Espresso Roma remain open until 2 a.m. and 
that the Price Center Dining area remain open for 24 hours as a study area 
instead of the library lounge. According to Pari<, Carruthers cited the reason 
as the constant ' wear and tear" on the lounge furniture . The A.S. voted 
unaimously to keep the library lounge open for 24 hours and to keep the 
dining area closed at night. 

By Karen Che~ 
Associate News Editor 

Services will be held this week-
end for Muir College senior Renny 
Berrier, who commined suicide last 
Thursday, Feb. 18. Berrier was a 
CognitiveSciencemajorwhowould 
have graduated this June. 

A service will be held tomorrow 
at Scripps Research Institute in her 
memory. Berrier had been a techni-
cian in Dr. George Koob 's 
Neuropharmacology laboratory 
since April, 1992. The service will 
be conducted in the East Confer-
ence Room in the Scripps Research 

Institute's CVN Blake building at 
3545 John Hopkins Court. 

There will also be a gathering in 
her honor organized by herfamiJy at 
the Cafe Del Rey Moro, Balboa 
Park on Saturday, Feb. 27from 1-4 
p.m. 

Directions can be obtained by 
calling 234-851 I . 

Because Berrier loved animals 
and enjoyed studying them, she had 
volunteered at fhe Wild Animal Parle 
In lieu of flowers, donations in her 
honor should be made to the Z0o-
logical Society of San Diego. Con-
tributions can be made by calling 

H ....... 
NcwYOfll 
W ....... DC 
...... 
MaIco CIty 
London 
FrInIcfurt 

"~':~r:Ira~Q'\ ~~p 
.un.. moy ~ toq"lIrl. 

",,. ........ _kra. 
Council Travel 

UCSO Price (enter (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(AR.WASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

e 
WEAECYClE 
OUAWATER 

-rUCSD 

~ 
L. JOII. VIII ••• Dr . 

I 
UTC 

II 
I z_® I I ~,"l Dr. 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------

I 
Full Service $ 99: ~~~6~ P!! !A!! :3"'"3 : I C ·\R WASil Not valid with any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 

I Expires 4ft 2193 
~----------------- ______ I 

Diana Braca at 554-7241. 
"She was very excited about the 

research. She was extraordinarily 
sensitive to the well-being of ani-
mals," said Neuroscience graduate 
student and friend Bardk Caine. 

"She was an open-armed, loving 
person and assumed everyone was 
wonderful until she found out dif-
ferently ,"said her father, Bill Berrier. 

Warren enior and friend Max 
Kareifeldt offered a personal trib-
ute, saying, "You are a good friend 
and a generous and loving person; 
rest assured, you and yourcontribu-
tion wilt never be forgonen:' 

A p p A 

Resolution Approval- Holmes submitted a resolution calling for a 
Constitutional Convention to be held March 8. Many councilmembers said 
that starting a convention too close to finals week would not worl< in the best 
interest of the students, while Holmes and others argued that. ' It needs to 
start. Even though it ends up in the next [A.S. J administration, it won't hinder 
anything: The approval was put to a vote and it failed, l ·g.11. Holmes later 
withdrew the whole proposal. 

R E 

- Compiled by Karen Chene. Associate News Editor 

SPECIAL G UARDIA SECTION ON 
UC PRESIDENT 

Jack Peltason 
Coming this Monday 

L z o N E 

1'actory Outlet Clothing Stor~s_ 
WINTER l\\tt.L 
CLEARANCE .~~ .. 
M ' . , C1l S C5" wonlCll S 

Some name brands: 
Tweeds, 

Generra) 
Express 

& many more 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

PRICES EVERY DAY 
loCATIONS: 
MIRAMAR 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

PACIFIC BEACH 
931 Gamet 
483-5150 

SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460-4370 
ESCONDIDO 

Escondido Promenade 
737-6167 



40PlNION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

rhl UCSD GuarOIMf I, PUbh"*' twiCe I week It tne Uf'Wers.ry of CalifOrnia . San DIego. Contents 
Cl993. ViewS elpresseo nereln represent tne majOrity y(ue of u... eoltOnl1 bO.ra. ana Ire not 

necessarily U"IOse of tne UC SOa,d of Ree nts, me ASUCSO. r'IOf me tnttre Guam/,n staN. 

Scraping Away the Mold 
Of University Bureaucracy 

The UC Office of the President and the Board of Regen! may 
have finally seen the light. Allast week's regent meeting, a plan wa 
introduced that would help mitigate the $24 million budget short-
fall. In the mea III i me. the good news is that university administrator 
are starting to rrim the fat and spread the pain. The plan call for, 
among other things, reduction ' in campus and C Office of the 
President expenditure as well as acro ~-the-board pay cuts, includ-
ing the sa larie~ of top officials. 

But the bad news still looms larger than life - once again, 
~tudents and faculty will bear an undue burden of the budget 

~hort fall. Tentatively.aMudent feeincrea eof$440 is included in the 
plan. When combined with the $605 fee hike approved last ovem-
ber, fee for the 1993-94 academic year will likely exceed $4,000. 

The new budget will hit the faculty as well. W. Elliot Brownlee, 
chair f the UC Academic Council, informed the regents that the 
Academic Senate will take a pay cut "a~ a last resort." As it Mands, 
faculty will take a one-ti me five percent 'alary cut. further chasing 
the best faculty away from the University of Califomia. 

"We cannot avoid inflicting some pain on every member of the 
university community - faculty, students and staff. We can only try 
to minimize the pain and be as fair as possible:' aid UC Pre ident 
Jack Peltason. Certainly the salary cuts of top-level admini trators 
are a step in the right direction. However, there is even more waste 
that can be trimmed out of the UC budget. Instead of constanrly 
relying upon fee hikes to balance the budget, the regents need to 
explore new way of tackling the budget cri ' is. 

UC Berkeley Physics Professor Emeritus Charles Schwartz, a 
longtime critic of university policies, estimates that half of the 
$523,508,000 spent on admini tration is "exce s fat that can be 
trimmed. " If thi waste was cut, according to Sch wartz. the saving 
would average out to $1,600 per student, rendering fee increases, 
layoffs or cutbacks unnecessary. 

On a s imilar note, the University of Cali fomi a Students Associa-
tion (UCSA) has called for the elimination of unneces ary bureau-
cratic waste. At last week's regent meeting, UCSA Pre ident Tobin 
Freid sugge ted that the university cut "top-heavy" administration 
by eliminating assistant vice presidents and assistant vice chancel-
lors. 

These proposals are not only innovative ways of approaching the 
UC budget ctisis.they are also becoming more and more necessary. 
As Califomia's reces ion continues and the state legislature be-
comes less willing to support higher education, the UC y tem mu t 
take the lead by developing new approaches to strengthen the 
university's feeble financial standing. 

Students and faculty have sacrificed all they can to meet the 
budget shortfalls. Fees can only be raised 0 often and alaries can 
only be cut so much before the quality and acces ibility of a UC 
education begins to plummet. The time has come for administrators 
to tart a suming their fair share of the budget-slashing pain. 

Schwartz 'aid that "Bureaucracy left alone tend to grow like 
mold in the hower :Uld sometimes you have to scrub it off."The UC 
system is currently overrun by thi bureaucratic wa ·te, and it' s time 
to SHU1 ·crubbing. 

Thumbs Down to the 
New Advisory Board ••. 

... for being a pathetic imitation of rudent govemment. The new 
advi ory board wa proposed by Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate 
Affair Joseph Wat on after he "dise ·tablished" the University 
Center Board (UCB). Be ides the regular as ortment of student 
representative, the new board will con i t of representative from 
the Academic Senate. the Alumni A ociation and the Staff Associa-
tion. The problem with this is that faculty and staff do not pay the 
$37.50 University Center Fee as essed to tudents each year, Once 
again, someone other than tudent will be put in charge of stud nt 
money. 

Already. Fifth College and the Graduate Student A soc iation 
(G ) refu e to recognize the new board or end a repre entative, a 
decision worthy of much prai e. The llew board that V atson has 
designed to replace the UCB is quite simply a farce. 

The UCSD Guardjan Thursday. February 25. 1993 

PINION 
'Oli5 l5 

the WiU of 
5~D! 

AI Spong/Guardian 

ICE-T GETS THE COLD SHOULDER 
FROM THE UCSD ADMINISTRATION 

cor..ENTARY: By dismissing artists like Ice-T and the stories he tells, critics 
of rap refuse to hear a message of an ugly and uncomfortable but truthful reality 

This summer I saw Ice-T and or screaming, Ice-T just isn't La Jolla material. But it's 
Body Count in concen perfonning exactly what the white students - and those of color-
"Cop Killer" in front of a scream- need: a little life on the hill. 
ingcrowdofwhitekids. They loved Some members of the RBE have told me that neither 
il. For some strange reason, these the Events Office nor the UCSD police department is 
kids loved every bad word lee-T happy with the possibility ofthis event. Ice-T has agreed 
said about white people. and they to do the concen at a lower price, and it is mainly a matter 
couldn't get enough of it. of receiving the consent of the university. Like I said, I had 

It seemed hi opposition to cops to laugh when I heard the news, and the smile lingers 
was being transfonned into the when I hear the dissent. 
white youth audience's opposition The last thing the police department, events office or 
in general - a kind ,........... administration needs is a bunch of people 
of hip rebelliousness • - especially white people - screaming 
which conveniently "cop killer" in the middle of the Price 
ran parallel to cur- Center. 

rent issues of police violence and hate I think the very idea of a black man, 
crimes. regardless of his intentions as a money-

I'm not knocking the fans, but I am maker or a man with a message, bringing 
wondering whatthesewhite kidswerethink- such powerful imagery to such a wide 
ing when they were screaming "encore" to audience scares the living daylights out of 
a man who' mo t famou for a song about I till_ the VeIY people. Especially a group of people like 
killing cop -e pecially white ones. A ide Idea of a black those in charge at this school: a group 
from the fact that it's sometimes humorous ..... IJrtn&1tC dedicated to ignoring the very things Ice-
to see this type of audience virtually ad- T would be screaming in the ears of an 
dieted to lee-T's message (or at least the acII powerful eagerly listening audience. Fee increases, 
hype behind it), I think it 's pretty interest- ......., to .uch a budget cuts and a general lack of cultural 
ing. wide audience sensitivity contribute to the very reason 

Chuck D, leader of rap group Public ~ the IvIni why many rappers are unsympathetic to 
Enemy, says show bu ines is 95 percent dayllilds out of the power structure. And as many indi-
business and five percent show. You have ______ viduals on the administrative staff are 

pvvporv. 
to wonder at Ice-T' "cross-over" into heavy Etpedally a iJlegitimizing the needs of students on thi 
metal ; some people say it' a clear decision campus, many people dismiss the notions 
on his pan to reach a broader audience. But IfOUP of people brought forth by musician - especially 
it would be ridiculous to ignore the mon- •• those In rappers - today. 
etary opportunities for his cross-over. Al- charII. at this Someone asked me the other day why 
though 1ce-T has been banned from per- IChooI: a IfOUp rap is so violent; he said he didn't even 
form ing in many major cities, he has still dedicated to want to subject himself to listening to such 
made a hefty urn . abusive lyrics. His problem is the same 

But let me tep away from that pan of ........ the very problem the university has if it doesn't 
the issue for two reasons. First. it is just a ~ _T would allow Ice-T to perform here: people like 
given that people want to make money. be Kre8IIII ... ln Ice-Taretellingu astoryaboutlife.It'san 
Second, I'm frankly interested to see a the .... of an ugly one, one many don't want to hear 
person of color making so much money off tNCerty Istelllng because it pinpoints the who, what and 
of ometh ing mo t white adults don 't re- audience. why of oppression in America. By di s-
spect and many white youths con urne. missing that story and censoring the me-

UCSD's Royal Brotherhood of Excellence (RBE). an dium through which it is told. you sell yourse lf short of 
Afri anAmericanmen'sgroup.i tryingtobringlce-Tto reality. 
this campu . When I first heard this. I had to laugh I don 't know if Ice-Ts coming or not. But] think it 
becau 'e I e-T and U D just do not go togeth r. Rapping See ICE, Page 6 

Thursday, February 25,1993 

NOTES FROM 
DEEP WITHIN 
THE ABySS 
COftWttENTARY: Randool swipes 
at Pell3son, Wtlson's budget cuts 
and intrusive critics of the WRC 
By Ely Rabani 
Staff Writer 

Been out of joint lately, so here are a few 
disjointed thoughts on the maners of the day ... 

• UC President Jack Peltason will be attend-
ing the Central Library Rededication this morn-
ing (Thursday, 10:30 a.m., as this rag hits the 
pavement), and we students ought to be there to 
express ourselve.'i. If we don't make it clear that 
fee hikes of up to $2,500 when quality is being 
severely compromised is unacceptable, he just 
might think we don ' t mind, [f students are too 
complacent, or if previous hikes have left only 
the wealthy, and no one raises any prote t, 
Peltason might just conclude, "another UC 
gentrified .. , well, Dick, it's Miller time." 

• J ustto re-emphasize: next year, the UC will 
be funded at under 70 percent of what it was 
gening in 1987, in real terms. That's a hit to 
quality. While there may be some "efficiencies" 
to be found by cuning administration, it won't 
make a dent in the larger problem. Higher 
education has been cut to the bone, and after 
next year, the damage will take a generation to 
repair at best. This is it, do or die. All of those 
who benefit from the public sector - K-12, 
cities and counties, those depending on human 
services - must all get together and push for-
upper-bracket tax increases and cuts to prisons. 
Otherwise, we've already lost and have only 
each other to fight , while the rich stay comfort-
able (to put it in vulgar terms). 

• Recently, there was a wave of editorial 
quibbling about the Women's ResOurce Center's 
(WRC) approach to its internal racial dynamics. 
Certainly, this is an issue of great importance to 
both women of all backgrounds and all people 
of color. It also matters to the progressive com-
munity. But the copy read like something be-
tween voyeurism and cultural imperialism. Chill. 
If people are to really work out their own racism, 
they've got to be comfortable about the sening 
they do it in - if it's shrouded in spectacle or 
self-censorship, progress will be impossible. 

Recognizing that there is a problem is a very 
encouraging sign. The attempt to deal with it as 
a group is even more encouraging: many groups 
might have just pretended that everything is 
alright; instead the WRC political collective 
recognized racism as everyone's problem, 
whether or not she may hold while privilege. 
My guess is that any group that honestly hopes 
to deal with racism will have to work at it on an 
ongoing basis - there is no quick fix, 

Because sexism and racism are parallel in 
many (not all) important ways, this effort could 
lead to the kind of synthesis long hoped for by 
the left. It didn't materialize between poor whites 
and poor people of color against racial and 
economic injustice, in part because those two 
categories have been effectively played against 
each other as a means to e¥en greater oppression 
of all. Working to establish and maintain a 
discourse - problematic as it may sometimes 
be-seems the only way forward. Women may 
take the lead. 

• We were recently told that the WRC is 
guilty of group-think, that it's all a maner of 
individual responsibility. Individual responsi-
bility is necessary but not sufficient: people of 
colorsimply can't wait for the noblesse of white 
enlightenment ifhistory is any guide. And to say 
that racism is something for people of color to 
deal with individually, through family-values-
responsibility (t.m.), is to blame the victim. 
Responsibility in any comprehensive sense 
means going beyond the reductions of corrosive 
individualism - taking social responsibility 
for your community. These are complex and 
self-reproducing phenomena that can only be 
dealt with on the same level that reproduces 
them - at the level of group dynamics. 

The UCSD Guardian OPlNI0N 5 

c:or..N'MY: Every organization, group or sect has its own set of beliefs, but with this 
dogma COOleS a frightening conviction that anyone who thinks differently is a heretic 

THE MOB SQUAD STRIKES AGAIN 
By PhIlip Michaela 
Opinion Editor 

I've never run with the bulls at Pamplona. 
And I have yet to dive off a cliff in Acapulco. 
I don 't race stockcars, I don't climb moun-
tains, and I will never, ever. bun gee jump. But 
I don 't need any of that for pUlse-pounding, 
adrenaline-gushing excitement - thi past 
weekend offered a steady morgasbord of 
thrills to last me a lifetime. I may never stare 
death in the face and laugh, but I've done the 
next best thing. I was surrounded by a mob of 
born-again Chri tians. And [lived to tell abow 
il. 

Last Saturday, the new Mormon Temple 
in La Jolla opened, luring thousands of the 
faithful to tour this newest place of worship. 
But along with the multitude ofMormol1s that 
made the pilgrimage came a handful of pro-
testors - born-again Chri tian , they called 
themselve - and they had a score to senle 
with the Mormons and their new abode. 

The bom-again Christians, it seems, don 't 
much care for the Mormons. wh ieh i alright, 
as the Mormons probably aren't too crazy 
about the born-again Christians either. The 
reasons are too intricate for a simpleton like 
me to explain. Suffice illo say, the bom-again 
Christians and the Mormons won 't be playing 
Twister together any time oon. 

So there they were- the Mormon intheir 
minivans and the born-again Christians in 
their station wagons with the attractive "Jesus 
Saves" bumper sticker. The Mormons were 
on their way to tour the temple whHe the born-
again Chrisrians stood there screaming at them 
and shoving anti-Mormon pamphlets in their 
faces. The situation was fraught with peril. 
And I was dumb enough to get caught in the 
middle. 

I live about two blocks away from the 
temple and was walking home, when a man 
started waving a flier in my face. He had the 

sort of look in his eye of a man whose beliefs 
were so passionate, he would be wi lling to kill 
you ju I to prove it. 

"Have you accepted Jesus a your savior?" 
he demanded. I assured him I had, but that 
didn 'tseem tOS3ti fy him. Apparently, I needed 
a voucher from God indicaring that I wasn't a 
heathen. or at the very least some sort of 
heavenly pay tub to prove that. yes, indeed, 
Jesus was my personal savior. I told him that 
I was a Lutheran. 

"I'm not talking about being Lutheran," the 
man bellowed. "['m talking about being born 
again!" I guess he was upset because [didn 't 
subscribe to the same brand of God that he was 
gening. At least, I assume that's the case- I 
didn't stick around to ask him. I weaved my 
way through the Mormon throng as the other 
born-again Christians began to whap me over 
the head with their fliers and pamphlets. Still, 
the incident reaffumed my belief in God's 
mercy - after all, I made it through alive, and 
that in itselfis a miracle which puts the feeding 
of the 5,000 to shame. 

This sort of behavior isn't solely limited to 
born-again Christians, or even rei igious groups 
as a whole - that's the scary part. Take any 
political collective, club, social gathering or 
organization, and you'll ee the same ten-
dency toward a mob mentality, a belief that 
any thought that deviates from the accepted 
dogma is suspect and must be suppressed. 

Every group has their taboos, their rituals, 
their wholehearted beliefs. But along with that 
come a frightening conviction that anyone 
who thinks differently should either convert or 
be damned as a heretic. 

This was the driving idea behind 
McCarthyism and its modem-day dance part-
ner, political correClOess - the belief that 
there can only be one right thought. You don't 
agree with me, so obviously you 're an ass. I 
don't agree with you, 0 that means ['m a 
fascist. 

For a country that claims to pride itself on 
diversity. Americans pend a lot of time trying 
to make everyone the same. Apparently, the 
theory is that once everyone thinks the same 
happy ,sensitive thoughts and accepts the same 
happy, sensitive truth, we'll have a Utopia on 
our hands. Bur the fact is we won't - what we 
will have is a mob. 

Mobs, as a rule, are ugly things. You can't 
reason with a mob, you can't even negotiate. 
All you can do is get out of the way. Mobs do 
nasty, unplea 'ant things - they walk on 
flowerbeds, they stonn out of restaurant with-
out tipping the waitre s, they block freeway , 
they are loud, obnoxious and rowdy. And if 
you ever have the misfortune of disagreeing 
with a mob, the results can be disastrous. Just 
ask anyone during the Crusades, the Inquisi-
tion or the Holocau t. A quick check of the 
history books indicate that mobs and tri-
umphs of the human spirit rarely go hand-in-
hand, unless the Reign of Terror was your idea 
of a rip-roaring good time. 

"Go and make disciplesof men," Jesus told 
his disciples, which is sound adv ice. Butlesus 
did not say "Go and make disciples of men, 
unless of course, someone doesn't agree with 
you. In that case, scream at him, taunt him, 
dismiss him and hit him until he sees the light." 
There's nothing wrong with having deep con-

See MOB, Page 6 

PROVOST LYTLE ro PURSUE MARSHALL AS NEW NAME 
Editor: 

Thurgood Marshall's passing Jan. 24 was 
an occasion to remind each of us just how 
fragile our civil liberties have been in the past 
and also stimulate us to work even harder to 
preserve them for ourselves and future genera-
tions. When President Lyndon Johnson ap-
pointed Thurgood Marshall to the United States 
Supreme Court in 1967, he knew that he was 
appointing a justice who believed in the per-
sonal and intellectual capacity of every Ameri-
can regardless of background. 

Despite his many court victories protect-
ing free speech, reproductive and voting rights, 
privacy issues, public accommodation, open 
housing, immigranrs, sexual preference and 
due process, Thurgood Marshall left his most 
enduring imprint upon public education. He 
recognized that access to quality and free 
public education could not continue to be the 
province of the privileged. 

That commitment to shatter baniers to 
education began two years after he graduated 
from the Howard University Law School in 
1933 when he won a lawsuit that struck down 
the very discrimination law that denied him 
admission to the University of Maryland Law 
school some years earlier. Twenty years later, 
his landmark victory in the Brown VS. Board 0/ 
Education case of 1954 established the prin-
ciple that education was a right and the proper 
nonviolent instrument of personal and social 
change. 

Professor Peter Irons' commentary in the 
GUlJrdian ("Marshall College - An Idea 
Whose Time Has Come," Feb. 4) was a mov-
ing tribute to a compelling 20th centW)' figure 
who fought to in ure that the phrase, " ... and 
justice for all" became a reality for every 
American. Since its inception in 1970, Third 
College has become the educational embodi-

READERS' 

FORUM 
7lleGuardlan weblmeS ~ltelS from Its readers. All ~ttelS muslbe 
no Ioflgef I/UItIlliree PIIIes. twed. _spaceIJ and s~. we 
resetVe the 11/lf11 10 edit for Iergth and Clarfty. L.eltelS may be 
dIDIJpe(1 off 81tne Guardian office 0<1 the se<:ona flOor of /lie Old 
SlUCIent center (rf8I1l _ /lie General Store CC>OP) or sent by 
mall. sena an leiters to: 

The Guilldlan 
OpIn/otI Ealtor 

9500 Gilman Or. 0316 
La JclIa, CA 9~16 

ment of the principles oflibeny andjustice that 
Thurgood Marshall argued in the courts of 
America for over six decades. The commen-
tary of Professor Irons in the Guardian has 
drawn quick and aftinnative responses from 
faculty, staff, students and San Diego resi-
dents alike. The Third College ExecutiveCom-
n;ittee and I fully concur with the proposal to 
rename Third College in honor of Thurgood 
Marshall and will, therefore, immediately pur-
sue this opportunity with the UCSD Naming 
Committee, Chancellor Atkinson and the UC 
Regents. The presence of Marshall College at 
UCSD will go a long way to give public voice 
to the many ambitious academic and social 
programs sponsored by Th ird College overthe 
years. I ask for your support. 

Cecil Lytle 
Third College Provost 

An Open-MInded Reply 
To Superficial Comments 
Editor: 

In response to James Tocco's "Open Your 
Mind to Other Ideas," I'm sure I'm not the 
onl y GI/ardian reader who wishes she could 
figure out the point of lames' circular and 
superficial argument. 

The articl<! is an example of pseudo-intel-
lectualism at its best. In reading the commen-
tary, I am convinced that James has no under-
standing whatsoeverofindividual ism or open-
mindedness. Perhaps he feels that hi s use of 
superfluous rhetoric makes him an open-
minded individual. 

I would say to Mr. Tocco thaI human 
beings are social creatures and cannot survive 
on his ideas of individualism (whatever they 
may be). Yes, it is true that people group 
together because they share a common bond; 
that is one aspect which makes us human. 
When you "travel through campus housing," 
you are observing a majority of fre hmen and 
sophomores who are feeling an overwhelming 
ability to be accepted by their peers. The desire 
to be accepted is a very powerful one, and no 
one wants to test the waters of social isolation. 

I think the main problem with hi article is 
that he is trying ro equate open-mindedness 
with individua.lism. This is an equation which 
simply has no validity. Ju t because one may 
buy clothes from the Gap and dre like most 
other college tudents does not detract from 
his or her personal sense of individuali m or 
open-mindedne . What matters i not how 
people look phy ically, or which type of music 
they listen ro, but how people relate to those 
around them and to issues which affect them. 

Amy t. Martin 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursda y, Febnlary 25, 1993 

GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOOATION CONDEMNS WATSON FOR RECENT ACTIONS 
Editor's Nore: The/ol/owing is an 

openlmer sellf to Vice Choncel/or 0/ 
UndergradLlate A//airs Joseph 
Watson/rom GradLlare Srudem Asso-
ciation (GSA) Preside/ll Parrick 
Carroll regarding rire dissolwion 0/ 
tire Unil 'ersiry Cemer Board (UCB). 
Dear Vice Chancellor Watson: 

I am writing 10 you at Ihe direction 
of Ihe Graduate Student Council. At 
the Graduate Swdem Association' 
meeting of Feb. 16, 1993, the follow-
ing resolulion was passed: 

Wherea Ihe University Center 
Board is a board whose voting mem-
bership consists entirely of studems 
and which ha~ served the UCSDcam-
pus fort he past 18 years; and 

Wherea. Ihe University Cemer 
Board filed a lawsuit to prevem the 
UCSO Administration from block-
ing acce~ to its own fund to obtain 
independent (non-Univer ity) legal 
advice on ov. 16, 1992; and 

Whereas the Vice Chancellor of 
Studen t Affair~ has sought t 
"di e,tablish" the University Center 
Board in the midst ofit lawsu it ~erved 
against himself and other UCSO Ad-
ministf3t ion officials; and 

WherC<ls Regems' Deputy Gel1-

MOB: Acrowd 
mentality i an ugly, 
unplea ant thing 
ContInued from page 5 
viet ions. In fac t. in today's world. 
even shallow convictions are becom-
ingascarcecollllllodity. The problem 
arises. however, when we becollle so 
attached to our strong beliefs that we 

eral Counsel Gary Morrison tated in 
a letter that the reason for the at-
tempted dissolution oflhe University 
Center Board i because the Board 
does not "undersland and re peet the 
nece ary conditions and limitations 
upon . ludent panicipmion in campus 
governance," Ihereby implicitly 
Ihrealening the existence of any stu-
dent governance board thm does nOl 
follow adminislTation diclates: and 

Whereas the Vi e Chancellor of 
Student Affairs seeks to replace the 
University Cemer Board wilh a new 
advisory board without obtaining the 
prior consent of the necessary slUdent 
governance boards - namely. Ihe 
Univer ity Cemer Board, the Gradu-
ateSrudent Associationand IheAsso-
ciated Students; and 

Whereas Ihe Vice Chancellor of 
tudent Affairs requests GSA panici-

pat ion in this replacement board,even 
though the replacement has n t been 
approved by the necessary student 
governance boards: Iherefore, be it 

RESOl VED, that the Graduate 
Student As ociation condemns the 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
for his auernpt to replace the Univer· 
si ty Center Board with a new advi-

refuse to extend the saille right to 
others. 

Now. personally, I would find it 
mildly terrifying to havea I.lrgecrowd 
fanatica ll y cling.ing to whal I believe 
- but Ihi~ i, mo,tly becau,e what I 
believe h.lppcn, to be terrifying. All 
the .ame, I think I' ll be forming a Illob 
of my own to terrorize and ~way the 

Illa~ses . After all. if you can't beat 
'em, why not try kicking 'em instC<ld? 

READERS' 

FORUM 
~ory board; and be it further 

RESOL VEO, that the Graduate 
Student A 'sociation recognizes the 
University Center Board as the sole 
legitimate facilitiesoo..1rd forthe Price 
Center, tudel1l Center and Che Cafe 
facilitie ; and be it funher 

RESOl VED, that the Graduare 
Student A ociarion will not end a 
repre entative to the Vice Chancellor 
of Srudem Affairs' proposed replace-
ment advisory board; and be it funher 

RESOl VED. that the Graduate 
Student Association hereby with-
draws in protest its '"representatives" 
from all Administrative Committees 

ICE: Rapper would 
bring a little real ity to 
UCSD and La Jolla 
Continued from page 4 
would be good if he did. I think a lot 
of UCSD's white popul'llion would 
come out to see him, if only out of 
curiosity. It may bring a little reality 
to this school. 

advi 01)' to the Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs; and be it further 

RESOLVED, thai unless the Uni-
vm;ity Center Board is re-established, 
the Graduate Student Association will 
seek to rescind the collection of the 
$37.50 University Center Fee from 
graduale tudents: and be it further 

RESOLVED,thatthePre identof 
the GSA send the Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affain; a copy of thi resolu-
tion and a letter outlining the GSA's 
disgust at the Vice Chancellor's at-
tempt to subvert the judicial process 
by seeking to eliminate the UCB be-
fore it case can be heard by the 
proper tate authority. 

The above resolution, Vice Chan-
cellor Watson, peaks for it elf and 
requires little in addition from my-
self. An indication of the level of 
di gu t at your actions i evidenced 
by the fac t that the resolution was 
adopted, after extensive debate, by a 
consensus vote of the Graduate Stu-
dent Council (19 yeas, I abstention). 
Thi is not urpri ing as Council has 
for almost two years, as you know, 
fully debated and endorsed the UCB's 
attempts to gain relief from the dicta-
torship of your office. 

And even if whi te students don 'I 
understand the full implications of 
the meaning behind a song like this 
one - the legacy of brutality against 
people of color, the growing rage of 
the oppressed and the manipulation 
of consumerism that fce-T and others 
use in the name of expression - they 
will still be creaming "Cop Killer" at 
the top oftheirlungs. And that in ilself 
says a lot. 

The subversion of the graduate 
srudent democratic proce by 00-
reaucmtic authoritariani m i greeted 
wirh greal anger by graduate tudents 
across all depanmenrs and political 
persuasions. The University Center 
Board, as defined in its current Char-
Ier - approved by "Student Govem-
ment," i.e., the GSA and AS, demo-
cratic student representative organi-
zalions on our campus - is the only 
student facilities board considered 
legirimate by the Graduale Student 
Associmion. Thus, the Graduate Stu-
dent Association demands that you 
withdraw your exeClitil'f! order, Fail-
ure to do 50 may re ult in the GSA 
joining other studenl organizations in 
a class aClion suit againsl your office, 

There is growing cynicism with 
regard to freedom and democracy in 
our society. But the university musl 
not be a pany to that cynici m. UCSD 
can become a mature, cholarlyenvi-
ronment only if democracy not only 
prevails, but develops. Thus, I appe<ll 
to you to work with students and 
faculty toward the realization of thi 
noble goal. 

Patrick Carroll 
President, GSA 

The 
Galardian 
Read it. .. It's good 
for you , Trust us. 

~ Round Table Pizza 

Do basketball player tend to hoot in treak ? Contrary to 
the belief of fans and commentators, an analy i byTversky 
and Gilovich of game by the 76er and the Cornell men' 
varsity howed the chances of hi tting a hot are as good 
after a miss as after a hit. Their conclu ion: "Passing the 
ball to the hot player, who is guarded closely by the 
oppo ing team, may be a non-optimal strategy .... Like 
other cognitive illu ions, the belief in the hot hand could be 
co tly.' 

Course description for Mathematics 13: CHANCE 
Peter Doyle and J. Laurie Snell 

Spring Quarter 1993 
Tu,Th 1:00·2:20, Peterson Hall 103 

This course will provide case study examinations of cur-
rent is ues requiring, for their understanding, analyses of 
chance events. Typical issues we will consider are: in-
fonned medical decisions, reliability of political and opin-
ion polls, testing for AIDS, streaks in sports, stati stics in 
law, and gambling in the casino and in the stock market. 
We will analyze recent newspaper and magazine articles 
relating to particular issues, and develop the necessary 
probability and statistic concepts in the context of these 
issue. Prerequ isites: none. 

Bulls Eye Tave rn / Price Center 

rATTl Pitchers of 
~Budweiser 

EATS! ~ Large th~ cru~t, . $1399 
one-toppmg pIzza With plus tax 
2 orders of bread sticks 

~RIDAY ~eerbuck 
The Beer Hunters will be at the Bulls Eye $39 0' 
Tavern to entertain and give away Beer ~\\.c~~~~~ 
Bucks that let you take an additional $1 off ~\ .... e 
our $3.99 pitchers of Miller lite beer! ~\~ 

we accePt~ 457-2060 
BullS Eye Tavern / Price Center 

T hu r day, Februar 25, ]993 The C D Guardian 

UCSD Hosts Anti-Defamation Conference 
By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

The Ami-Defamation League 
(AOl) of San Diego held its third 
annual tudent leadership confer-
ence in the Price Center Ballroom 
yesterday. 

The topic of the conference was 
"You Are The HopeOfTheWorld," 
and featured work' hops for students 
and faculty . 

Among the topics discussed were 
"Valuing Diversity," "Racism: 
Walk in My Shoes" .IDd "Sexual 
Harrasment/Gender Bias." 

KNSD-TV Channel 39 Anchor-
woman Denise Yamada was fea-
tured as the keynote speaker. Half-
Croatian and half-Japanese, she 
spoke of her experiences with rac-
ism, describing her family as "a 
regular walking United Nations." 

"When I was a young child I 
didn't realize that I was different 
frem everyone else - from an in-

MARSHALL: 
Third College gets 
name after 23 years 
ContInued from page 1 
ing his 24 years on the U.S. Su-
preme Court. Marshall's long his-
lOry ortegal work i highlighted by 
his successful argument to end seg-
regation of public chools in the 
famous BrowlI v. Board 0/ EdLlca-
lio!! case in 1954. There were a 
number of imponant cases that he 
brought to the high court before 
Browl/, however. 

In his fi rst case before the Su-
preme Court in the early 1930s, he 
argued successfully to strike down a 
law barring Jews and blacks from 
the University of Maryland Law 
School. The school had denied him 
admission just a few years earlier, 
That case "paved the way to open 
access [of education)," said Lytle. 

He was appointed to Ihe nation's 
highest court by President Lyndon 
Johnson in 1967. 

The name change must be ap-
proved firs t by the Naming Com-
mittee. which is expected to con-
vene next week, before the proposal 
is sent to Chancellor Atkinson for 
approval. 

Ledden expressed his support for 
the proposal, but cautioned that Ihe 
decision must be made by the com-
mittee as a whole and he ha yet to 
hear any feedback from it. The com-
mittee consists of faculty and staff 
and is solely advisory 10 the chan-
cellor, although the chancellor usu-
aUy accepts their recommendations, 
according to Ledden, 

Associate Chancellor Tracy 
Strong, speaking for Atki!lson, said 
yesterday that "the chancellor 
trongly and enthusiastically sup-

MASSEY: 
Regents approve new 
Senior Vice President 
ContInued from page 1 
welcoming Massey to the univer-
sity. 

According to UC Spokesperson 
Mike Alva, Massey "has shown tre-
mendous energy skills and leader-
ship abil ity which wi ll be a great 
asset 10 the Uc." 

Before he served as director fo r 
, the NSF, Massey spent 12 years as 
an administratorat the University of 
Chicago, where he was vice pre i-
dent for research and vice president 

Jason Ritc~le/Guan1lBl1 
KNSD Anchorwoman Yamada 

nocent chi ld' perspective we were 
all JUSt people," she said. 

Yamada explained to the audi-
ence that all people should celebrate 
their differences. "You are all spe-
cial and ifpeople don 't want to take 
the time to get to know you after 
your best effons then it's theirlo " 
she said. 

ports Provo t Lytle's recommenda-
tion to change the name of Third 
College to Thurgood Marshall Col-
lege." 

He added that if the Naming 
Committee endorses the proposal, 
"the chancellor will act immedi-
ately to approve it." 

The UC Regents must give final 
approval to the name change. but it 
is not expected to meet re istance, 
Lytle said. That final vote is ex-
peeted in either their March or April 
meeting. 

in moving forward with the pro-
posal quickly, Lytle is hoping to 
avoid the problems that surrounded 
Third's ill-fated attempt to rename 
itself Manin Luther King College 
Ihree years ago. Afteradivisivesix-
month discussion the proposal was 
rejected when King's widow, 
Coretta Scott King, objected to the 
use of the slain civil rights leader's 
name, 

Marshall's family has alrC<ldy 
been contacted regarding the use of 
his name and thier response has 
been receptive, Lytle said. 111urgood 
Marshall , Jr., Marshall 's son and 
the Director of Legislative Affairs 
for Vice President Al Gore, was 
"very enthusiaslic," but was going 
to contact the rest of the family 
before giving formal approval, Lytle 
said. 

The family's approval is not re-
quired by law. but is considered 
customary and is often required for 
regental approval. 

Some other problems that sur-
rounded the King College propo ai, 
including vigorous objections from 
some conservative groups and a less-
than-overwhelming student vote in 
favor of the name, are not expected 
this time around. 

Lytle said he was especially im-

for the Argonne National Labora-
tory, Massey also served five years 
as director of the Argonne Labora-
tory, which the University of Chi-
cago manages for the U.S. Depart-
ment of Energy (DOE). 

Massey's experience should fa-
cilitate his new role as senior vice 
president. Massey's new responsi-
bilities will include development of 
academic and research policy, ad-
minislral i ve oversight of universi ty 
planning and associated budget 
manersand programmatic oversight 
of the three nat ionallaboratories the 
University of California manages 
for the DOE Massey will also be 
chairman of the university's Execu-

theconference came to tiC lose. 
many tudents expressed positive 
opinions. 

"1 leamed a lot more about my-
self and other people today:' one 
student commented. 

The theme of the conference wa 
reinforced by Morris Casuto, Direc-
tor of the ADL San Diego Office. 
"My parents' generation and my 
generation has not done enough to 
conquer this war again ·t racism-
it i going to be up to you:' he told 
the audience. 

The Anti -Defamation League i 
one of the nation's oldest human 
rights agencies. 

Pan of its program is banling 
bigotry and hatred by campaigning 
for trong laws to make di crimina-
tion illegal and punishable by law. 
In 1985, ADLcreated "A World of 
Difference," a campaign de igned 
to combat nlcial, ethnic and reli-
gious prejudice. 

pressed by Marshall' s impact on 
American society and his humble 
roots. "He was a cOIl1111on person. 
He was someone who paid his way 
to go to school ," he sa id. 

Lytle and Strong s;lid that 
Marsh.1I1 may even be a better name 
in some ways because of his focus 
on educational opponunity and be-
cause of his lasting influence in the 
American legal system. 

A number of students have ex-
pressed some concem with the pro-
posed name change, however.1l1ird 
College Council Chair J'IDles Hill 
said that following Lytle's presen-
tation to the council last Thursday 
regarding the name change, "there 
were a lot of mixed feelings [and the 
council was split] about half and 
hal f." 

Although the counci l has no di-
reet say in the decision to rename, 
Hill said that a number of students 
on the committee, including him-
self, believe Ihat renaming Third 
College would narrow its appeal to 
a certain variety of slUdents. 

"1 think thai Third itself has an 
identity, [one that is] all-inclusive ... 
I would like to suppon keeping it as 
1l1ird," he said. 

Irons, however. disagrees. " I 
don't think it's the name so much 
that 's important as what it repre-
sents . .. [Third College was] not 
originally suppo ed to mean any-
thing." 

Lytle contend that the name 
change wi II aClually help recruit stu-
dents to the college because they 
will have a better idea of what it 
stands for without needing a de-
tailed explanation, 

If the name receives final ap-
proval, a tremendous number of 
technical changes must be made. 

See MARSHAU., Page 8 

tive Planning and Budget Commit-
tee. 

Massey was selected over nearly 
150 other candidales by a l4-mem-
ber search comrninee composed of 
regents, administrators and faculty 
members. According to Alva, the 
search committee felt that Massey 
was the best candidate for the job 
based on his overall qualifications 
and cri teria. 

Massey will assume by April IS 
the position held on an interim basis 
by Murray Schwanz, executive vice 
chancellorat UCLA. William Frazer 
reSigned from the po ition last July 
to return to teaching at UC Berke-
ley. 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
B_1. 1DttS Moster Mechanics ~ .. 
_ ==== exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 
9870 Miramar Road • 450-9494 

Air & Water Cooled· Maintenance Services' Air Conditioning ' Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines· Gas & Diesel · Electrical · Clutches· Brakes· Valves 

.. 

Loccied In the Autoport Mall . Miramar 
Next Door 10 Dlscounl r.e 

EXPIr?ES 3/20/93 

== 

YAKIMONO 
J apanese· F OO d 

SUSHI & D AILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyoki in Town" 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 Regents Rd . (Vons S/lOppirrg Ccnlcr) 
Toke cot QYO~bIe. w. also ofl.r co .... ing """,cos 452·4255 

L HOURS: 11 :30 om-9 pm (Mon.·ThuD.'. t t:30 om·IO pm (Fr. & Sol.'. 5·9 pm s..ndcry. .J 
--------------------

!Jlowers if: 9if!s 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

S3n Diego, CA 92121 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

I CARNATIONS 
\\ I:h pllh hoi ..... 'If" III." lilIl(f 
,.I! , .. IIJ '" Ilh .In, ulh,'r 11111..1' I "~'t: Dt.lh··tr 

World " 'ide" 

INSTITUTE FOR STUDY ABROAD 
BUTLER UNIVERSITY 

UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES IN 

GREAT BRITAIN 
AUSTRALIA 

IRELAND 
NEW ZEALAND 

Fully integrated study a t Brit ish . Irish. 
New Zealand and Australian universities 

FALL OR SPRING SEMESTER • FULL YEAR 
INSTEP • SUMMER PROGRAM • INTERNSHIPS 

Study Abroad Information Session 
Representative: 
Date: 
Location: 

Carolyn Watson 
Thurs . Feb. 2S 11:00 a.m. 
United Kingdom-Ireland 
Int'l Ctr, Conf, Room 
2:00 AustINe... Zealand 
Program Abroad Office 
Int'J Center 

For iunhcr Iniormatlon plc~se contact: Your Study Abroad orRct o n campus 
or the tnstltute iur Stuuy Abroau , Butler University. 4600 Sunset Aven ue. 
IndIanapolis. t;-.; 46208, Tel 3 t7/283·QH6 or 11800· 368-6852 Ext. 9336. 



8 NEWS 

Congress Demands UCSD 
Justify Research Funds 
By Lamlne Sec:ka 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD has been included on a 
list of 50 school nationwide that 
are being asked [0 ju tify research 
projects that were funded by last-
minute grant not individually au-
thorized by Congre s. 

According to an article in the 
San Diego Unioll Tribune, House 
Science Commi nee Chai r George 
Brown is claiming that over $707 
million ha been awarded 10 
schools such as Saginaw Valley 
State Univer ity in Michigan, 
University of Maryland, Univer-
sity of Michigan and UC Santa 
Barbara, some of which don't even 
have research departments. 

In one instance, Saginaw Val-
ley State, a school with 6500 stu-
dent and no re earch program, 
was awarded $42 million for a 
climate-change research project. 
Brown said. 

UCSD received more than $200 
million in research funds last year. 
and is being asked to account for 

8.5 X 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or self serve 

$1 .6 million of that funding which 
supposedly came from last-minute 
appropriations. 

According to UCSD Public 
Information Official Win Cox, 
"[UCSD) plans to respond fully 
and cooperate with [Brown' 1 re-
quest ." 

Cox said that that although there 
were some initial problems identi-
fying exactly which funds were 
being questioned, the information 
requested by Brown has been iden-
tified, and will be compiled. 

Cox added that the funds are 
being u. ed "to explore the poten-
tial for u ing advanced computer 
concepts to enhance [the safety J of 
current infrastructures," and that 
the money will go towards con-
structing bridges and building 
which can resi t seismic activity. 

Brown also named San Diego 
State University as one of the 

hool who e funding is in ques-
tion. SDSU officials are also plan-
ning tocooperate,according to the 
Ullion Tribune. 

Wednesday 
March 3, 4-6 p.m. 

UCSD PrIc. C ••• r-
Cov. Roo. 

Presented in conjunction with the 
U.C.S.D. World Fest '93 
,," Infonrytlonl 

DoOI' "" •• , 

Council Travel 
u::so I'rl« Cm., (by!/>< I\>s! OII'ce) 
4Sg·0630 

Main Session 
June 21-August 13 
Language W orkshops 
June 7-August 13 

T Ul i,on IS $200 plus $70 per un,t TUlhon s the some for all 
United States reSidents Some courses hove speeiol fees 

WII" lor catalog 
~.,. 5e>S<Jf1 
n \\ Ii> 
8ef(pIpy CA 04 720 
1510} 64),.1<>' , 

T he UCSD Guardian 

SCHWARTZ: 
Professor criticizes 
UCSD expenses 
ContInued from PIlle 1 
tirely convinced by Schwartz' 
analy i . "I have an intuition that 
there's a gross simplification of 
the issue," he said. Woods added 
that the accumcy of Schwartz'S 
figure has not been verified. 

Woods mentioned that from 
his experience, everyone eemed 
to be working more in the last few 
years, which i ndicatcs that money 
is not being wasted on admini tm-
tion. 

"r don't think you'd find any 
indication of administrative bloat," 
he said. 

Schwartz said he felt that his 
latest report was important because 
it brought the is ue to the campus 
level. "What's really needed is for 
people on each campus to make 
their chancellor ju tify, in detail. 
this exccs ive pending," he said. 
"I hope this data helps people at 
each campu [confront problem 
with admini trative expenditure). 
This would be a very uSeful thing 
to do." he aid. 

On Feb. 7, Schwartz sent a 
letter to UC President Jack Peltason 
along with a copy of his latest 
report, requesting that Peltason 
discuss his findings. "I regret that 
up till now you have given me no 
indication that you intend to take 
the challenge of this research seri-
ousl y ," his letter stated. 

'·1 have alway been deeply 
committed to the fundamental ide-
a1sofa university -which means 
that we are obliged to work at 
resolving any dispute by means of 
rational discourse conducted in an 
open and constructive manner," 
Schwartz added in his letter. "By 
denying the opportunity for such 
dialogue, you only intensify the 
atmosphere of distrust and con-
frontation, which does damage to 
the university ." 

The UC admini tration, in a 
recent press release, contends that 
"administrative costs remain the 
same II percent of the budgetthat 
they were 20 years ago," despite 
newfederaJ and stare requirements 
and two new teaching hospitals. 
According to the university, "ef-
fons are underway to fu rther 
streamline every aspect of admin-
i tration." 

Thur.day, February 25, 1993 

MARSHAlL: 
Third to be named 
after court justice 
ContInued from paee 7 
Everything from litemrure to signs 
to a promotional videotape mu t be 
altered to reflect the change, ac-
cordi ng to Lytle. Mo t ofthechanges 
will take place over the summer, he 
added. 

All current Third College stu-
dents and those enrolling in Fall of 
1994 will be given achoiceofwhich 
college name they want to have on 
their degree, according to Lytle. 
Previous Third graduates may also 
send in to have their degree reis-
sued to reflect the new name. 

The official dedication of the 
college won't take place until next 
year, if the change is approved. How-
ever, Irons and Lytle are planning a 
forum on Marshall's contributions 
next quarter and a symposi um some-
time next year. 

Also in the works is the Marshall 
Institute, which according to Irons 
"will promote interaction between 
UCS D [students] and the San Diego 
community, mostly the public 
schools." 

You're about to graduate. 
Are you ready to lead an 
entire industry? 

Get out in front fast at Adaptec. Since we started the SCSI revo-
lution back in 1981, we've enjoyed consistent profitability and 
growth. We are an acknowledged leader in 1/0 solutions, provid-
Ing both hardwarl. and software technology to manage the data 
flow between personal computers and peripherals. It's the per-
fect environment in which to pull ahead of the pack. 
We're looking for Comp ScllComp Eng, Elec Eng graduates for 
Hardware and Software Engineering opportunities. 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Thursday, March .. 
Career Se rvices Center 
In return, Adapte c provides an environment where high achievers 
are rewarded with an exce llent salary and benefits package. If 
unable to see us while on campus, we encourage you to send your 
resume to: Adaptec, College Recruiting, 691 South Milpitas Blvd., 
Milpitas, CA 95035, FAX: (408) 945-7852. Adaptec r?fl 
is an equal opportunity employer. ~ adaptec 

A GUIDE TO 

IN SAN DIEGO 
JEFF STODEL 

GUARDIAN REPORTER 

"W hat two idea are more in-
separable than beer and Bri-
tannia?" asked thr eigh-

teenth-cenll~ry Reverend 
Sydney Smith. But perhaps 

a better question would have been 
"what two ideas are more inseparable 
than beer and college?" The answer is 
that beer, Britain and college have 
quite a bit in common, a fact you can 
verify by visiting anyone of the fol-
lowing British pubs in San Diego: 

I . The Bonny Lad, 2236 Carmel 
Valley Road, Del Mar, (619) 792-
6014. 

Theowners ofThe Bormy Lad know 
See PUBS, page H4 



IIIAT The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 25, 1993 

-----------~I--------~-
2 

Cheap thrills drive 'Army of Darkness' 

Ash (Bruce Campbel) leads a makeshift anny against e vil in Army of O-*ness. by Melissa Mosetey 

~ 
Esp6rame ene1 Cielo 

lTUVO FRANCO UN DOBLE? 

Wait for Me in Heaven 
Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 

(Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
tnsurance, Health Plans 

Medi-Cat Acceoted 
VISa . Master Card . Oiscover 

LA MESA 
8881 Flelcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 
MISSION VIEJO 

26400 La Alameda 
(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 BIrch 51 
(714) 851-1201 

fiilj7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

A rmy oj Darkness is one of those films which comes along every so often that 
gives the audience exactly what it 
promises and nothing more. It is 
perhaps the most unpretentiou film 
of its kind in recent memory-what 
third-rate cinema reviewers might 
describe as a "thrill-a-minute action-
fest: ' It is the kind of film that gives 
aneurysms to PTA mothers and 
causes cultural eliti ts to launch into 
long harangue about the death and 
burial of American Culture. 

Well. American Culture is dead, 
and Army oj Darkness dances joy-
ou lyon it grave. It is relatively 
hannless tuff, except for the gore 
and ultra-violence. It is the quinces-
sent ial schlock-horror film, complete 
with bagpipe-playing keletons, fork-
wielding dopplegangers. evil twins 
and a blade-bearing 1973 Oldsmobile 
Delta 88. lr is mercifully free of 
smamlY social commentary, sym-
bolic nose-thumbing toward greedy 
bourgeois America. saccharine-
sweet love ballad . cross-dressing 

she-males and imilar gimmicks 
which seem to typify contemporary 
cinema. It is. in hort, a no-brainer -
and a welcome one at that. 

The plot will be familiar to most 
and obvious to all from the outset: 
Our brash, square-jawed hero. Ash 
(Bruce Campbell), a housewares 
sale man at a local "S-Mart." gets 
caught up in trange supernatural 
events and blasted back in time. In 
the past, he encounters all sons of 
hostile foes. Interested only in re-
turning to his own world , Ash is 
dispatched, reluctantly at first , on a 
que -t to find the sole means of his 
return - the all -powerful "Necro-
nomicon ," the book of the dead. 

He bungles the job, of course. 
Instead of reciting correctly the three 
magic words that will propel him 
back to his own dimension, he flubs 
the fi nal word ("Okay, maybe [didn't 
ger every syllable." Ash says defen-
sively) and inadvenently raises an 
army of the dead which proceeds on 
a campaign of mayhem and destruc-

See ARMY, page H6 

'Falling' in L.A. 

R age is at the center of Joel Shumacher's new film , Falling Down. Anger is 
directed at unbearably obnoxious 
panhandlers. the senseless crime in 
our cities and Coca Cola cans priced 
at 85 cents. Mostofall ,Fa/lillgDown 
explores lhe loss of America's middle 
cfass and it Cold War, materiali tic 
values. As entenainment, ir is more 
than a film - it is a raw, cathanic 
experience lhat combines theab urd 
and the tragic in a symbolically-rich 
political morality play for the '90s. 

Fallillg DowlI is the tory of D-
FENS. an unemployed government 
worker who naps on June 12, 1991, 
the hottest day of the year in the City 
of Angels. Michael Douglas plays 
D-FENS (named after his license 
plate), whose seething frustration and 
i olation silent! y festers and explodes 
in the middle of a traffic jam on a 
Pasadena freeway. He gets out of his 
maU car and embarks on a violent 

journey aero s "Gangland" toward 
Venice Beach. Although his ex-wife 
(Barbara Hershey) has a restraining 
order on him, D-FENS i intent on 
seeing his daughter on her birthday. 
Along the way he channel hi rage 
at vicious gang members, a deranged 
Nazi , a persi tent panhandler and a 

Michael 
DousIas st.. 
as D-FENS, 
.. ordinary 
man driven 
over the edp 
in the drama F."" Down. 

typical L.A. freeway driver. 
In effect. D-FENS becomes a 

quixotic eru ader for a homeless and 
family value-less middle class, his 
over-the-rop anger triking at the 
hypocrisy and injustice of everyday 
life. His quest to see his daughter. 
which takes him from the hean of an 
oppressive city to rhe very tip of a 
Venice Beach pier, becomes the sym-
bolicmeasureofeveryperson'squest 
to recover the humanity and mean-
ing the system has stripped away. 

Ebbe Roe Smith makes an im-
pressive debut as a screenwriter. care-
fully constructing an interesting ar-
ray of situations to counterbalance 
the Wham-bang, adrenalin-filled se-
quences of destruction and despair. 
His vision is grotesque and cartoon-
like and may even seem racially-
stereotypical at times. The film's 
saving grace, though, is it no-holds-
barred critique of the American 
dream and its mythic representative, 
a white middle-class man who is out 
of touch with him elf, his family and 
a rapidly changing world that he 
cannot keep up with. 

If it were not for the uggestive 
detai Is of the plot and the symbolic 
relationships between several char-

See FAllING, page H6 

HIATU 3 The UCSD Guardian 

UP COM I IG 
TOO A Y 

GIenprry Glen Ross play 
in the Price Center Theatre at 
6:30,9 and 11 :30 p.m. Tickets 
are $2, $1 in advance. Info: 534-
6467. 

N. Scott Momaday, a dis-
tingui shed Native American 
wrirer. wi ll give a public lec ture 
in the Price Center Thearre at 
7:30 p.m. Ticket are $20. Info: 
534-2533. 

Thylias Moss will read from 
her poetry in the Price Center's 
Davis/Riverside Room at 4:30 
p.m. Admission is free. 

Fa nny Howe, Bradford 
Morrow, Thylia Moss and 
Jerome Rothenberg will 
read from thei r work a pan of 
the "Crossfertilizations" series 
at the Museum of Contempo-
rary An in La Jolla. The show 
stans ar 7 :30 p.m. and ticket for 
tudent are $6. Info: 454-3541 . 

FRIDAY 
The CWO Political Film Series 
presents Trouble BehInd at 
7 p.m. in Solis Hall 107. Admis-
sion is free. 

Grog Blossom plays at the 
Casbah at 9:30 p.m. Info: 294-
9033. 

To celebrate African-American 
History Month. female rap ani t 
YoYo willperformwith speciaJ 
guest Frees tyle Fellowship 
at Montezuma Hall . SDSU at 8 
p.m. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Paul Taylor Dance 
Company will perfonn at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickers are $15 for student . 
There will be another perfor-
mance Sunday at 8 p.m. Info: 
534-4090. 

Poet Thytias Moss will read 
from her book Small COllgrega-
rio/IS at the Porter Randall Gal-
leT)' in downtown La Jolla at 8 
p.m. Adrnis ion is free . Info: 551 -
8884. 

Noriko Ts uboi gives a Japa-
nese Koto recital at 8 p.m. in 
Erickson Hall. Tickets for stu-
dents are $5. Info: 534-3229. 

SHTURDRY 
The Prazak String Quar. 
tet, formed in Prague 20 years 
ago. will perfornl a program of 
Czech mus ic at 8 p.m . in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tick-
ets are $18. Info: 534-4090. 

SUNDRY 
Uncle Tupe lo plays with 
Free dy Johns ton at the 
Casbah at 9 p.m. Tickets are $ . 
Info: 294-9033. 

T U E S D H Y 
The Spanish film Wait fOl' 
Me in Heaven will be pre-
sented as pari of the Interna-
tional Style Film Festival at 
MandevilleAuditoriumat 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $4. but a 
student pas to the festival is 
$25 . Info: 534-6467. 

Pink Floyd: The Wa Uplays 
at the Price Center Theatre at 8 
p.m. and 10:30 p.m. Ticket are 
$1 in advance , $2 on rhe day of 
the how. Info: 534-6467. 

M a ry's Da nish play at the 
Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach 
at 9 p.m. Tickets are $12.50. 
Info:481 -8140. 

WEDNESDHY 
Formerguitarist for Bauhaus and 
former member of Love and 
Rockets Daniel Ash. with spe-

"Dr, ", tt, ... , "dtJ.,. /lIlItWItin • • II~ ~"/,,,tfr, ~.IIf' t:Om,.,,/,. III III, ",ti" .",~. H 
III .... ' ..... 

THIS FRIDAY & SUNDAY! • 8PM 

presented by 
UCSD 
U NIV ERSITY 
EVENTS O FFICE 

FEBRUARY 26 & 28 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
S TUDENTS $15 • G .A . $25 

FAC/ STAFF/SR.CIT. $22 
UCSD Box OFFICE: 

534·6467 
~~ ... -. 

.... .. .!~.::;,.:~ .:."!:...-... 
819/27 .-TIXS 

cial guest Pure. plays at SDSU's 
Montezuma Hall at 8 p.m. Info: 
278-TJXS. 

Victor Hernandez Cruz will 
read his poetry at 4:30 p.m. in the 
Price Center's Davis/Riverside 
room. He has wrinen about jazz 
undstreet poets. Admi sion is free. 

TH ERTE R 
409 Studio Theatre: Ivan 
Talijancic direc t · R. W . 
Fassbinder's"Bremen Freedom." 
The play runs through Feb. 27 . 
Perfonnances are Wednesday 
through Saturday ar 8 p.m. Tick-
ets are $5. Info: 534-3793. 

Lamb's Players Theatre: The 
Sun Diego premiere of Arthur 
Giron's " Becoming Memories" 
opens tomorrow and runs through 
March 27. Performances are 
Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30 
p.m., Friday and Saturday at 8 
p.m., wirh Saturday and Sunday 
matinees at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $ 16 to $20. Info: 474-4542. 

Thursday, FebnHlI'y 25, 1993 

409 S tudio 1beatre: Debbie 
Falb directs 'The Gilded Garden 
of Patcheww." which opens 
Wednesday and continues 
through March 6. Perfonnances 
are Wednesday through Satur-
day at 8 p.m. Tickets are $5. Info: 
534-3793. 

GR L~[RIES 
M a ndeville Gallery: "Con-
ceptual Sculpture: Body and 
Soul" run through March 7. The 
gallery is open Tuesday through 
Sunday, noon to 5 p.m. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-2864. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sterbak: States of 
Being" isondisplay unt il Feb. 28. 
The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. t05 
p.m. and Wednesday from lOa.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admission for students 
is $2. Info: 454-3541. 

Museum of Photographic 
A r t s: "Perfect Moments on 
Planet Earth," anexhibit celebrat-
ing the museum's 10th anniver-
sary, continues through March 
1'+. The museum is open daily 
from 10".m. to 5 p.m. Admis~ion 
i. $3 . Info: 239-5262. 

Central Ubrary: "Jazz in San 
Diego." Photographs will be dis-
played by M. Lea Rudee in the 
Music Listening Room. The ex-
hibit continues through Apri l I. 
Houn, coincide with library houn,. 
In fo: 534-2759. 



HfAT 4 

j,--------------------~---------, , .. ~ 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

loin us for your favorite 
sports events on 

[10] & 
TVs 

'2 
BIG 

SCREENS 
PITCHER & POOL Night 

FREE 
Pool 

SPECIAL 
Pitcher Prices 

SUNDAYS! 
Absolut $ 250 Bloody 
Marys 

Drink Specials e1 Great Food 
5 POOL TABLES· ICE HOCKEY· DARTS 

4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 
call 619587-1414 ext. 6220 

The UC D Guardian 

"To Beer or not to Beer!!. 

[nsenada Mexico Rosarito 
Info (619) 272 9088 

THE INTERNATIONALLY RENOWNED SWISS MASK/MIME TROUPE 

MARCH 7 • SUNDAY • 7PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

U(SD Box OFFICE 
534-6467 

~~ .. - . 
... . S!J!I'!~..;::;:» ~_u-

.t.~~:r~:!,.x. 

Thur day. Ff'bruar 25,1993 

PUBS: 
Atmosphere is key 
ContInued from pase H 1 
that it takes more than a dan board 
and an old, red phone booth to give 
a pub a true Briti h feel. Remaining 
faithful to the ru tic tyle of anyone 
of a thousand "public house "scat-
teredacros southwest England, The 
Bonny Lad makes downing a bitter 
or two a truly British experience. 
Amenities include an authentic-
looking wood and brick interior, 
tables fashioned out of old beercask 
and a cozy fireplace that you can sit 
beside while "chatting up" your fa-
vorite "bird" or "bloke." Beers on 
tap include Harp , Bass and 
Newcastle Brown. and although they 
are a bit expen ive ($3.50 per pint), 
they're well wonh trying. 

2. The Prill cess a/ Wales, 1665 
India St .• San Diego. (619) 238-
1266. 

Thi "pub" has about as much 
British atmosphere as a postcard 
rack in the baggage terminal at 
Heathrow Airpon. Primarily cater-
ing to tourists and a fony-some-
thing crowd. The Princess of Wales 
is a friendly but largely unauthentic 
British pub. For instance, where in 
Dear Old Blighty could you light 
upon a tavern who e walls are 
adorned with Union Jack flags and 
circa 1980 paintings of Charles and 
Diana? Trust me. it just doesn 'I ex-
ist over there. But what the Princes 
lacks in atmosphere. it makes up for 
with its extensive menu of tradi-
lional British grub. "Dinners" in-
clude Shepherd's Pie, Sick Pudding 
and of course, heany plates of Fish 
'n' Chips. Also. if the cheesy memo-
rabilia starts wearing on you, you 
can participate in the current British 
fad of using an on-site breathalizer 
machine to ultimately prove who 
can achieve the highest blood-alco-
hoi content without passing out. Just 
ask Camio, the Liverpudlian lad 
behind the bar, how this works. 

3. Callahan's, 8280 Mira Mesa 
Blvd., Mira Mesa. (6 19) 578-7892. 

More Irish than British , 
Callahan's offers a refreshingly re-
laxed atmosphere that makes it an 
ideal place to meet friends and 
sample a wide variety of beers. But 
in addition to serving traditional 
English bitters, lagers and porters, 
Callahan's is also a functioning 
microbrewery that produces ome 
of Ihe most gorgeous Irish red ale 
this side of Dublin. Another favorite 
is the Bernardo Bitter. a light brew 
with a strong hop aroma that is 
unfiltered to give it a traditional 
Northern (England) taste. 

One beer to avoid at all costs is 
the Nut Brown Ale. a syrupy barley-
based ale that goes down about as 
smoolh as Worce tershire Sauce. 
Callahan's also has weekly promo-
tional nights that anract large crowds. 
For instance. Monday nights are 
"Bladder Buster" nights. Beginning 
at 8 p.m., pints are $1 until some-
body has to go to the 100. 

4. The Shakespeare, 370 I India 
St., San Diego, (619) 299-0230. 

When plate-tectonics broke up 
Pangaea, a little bit of whal we now 
refer to as England omehow ended 
upinSan Diego. Put another way, if 
your budget ju t can'l afford the 
$650 plane ticket to England, the 
Shakespeare will do very nicely as 
an authentic substitute. Situated 
above the Gelato Verro Cafe, the 
Shakespeare boasts a lively atmo-
phere with an all-Briti h menu, all-

Briti h employee and a mutated 
port ... .utofWilliamShake pearethat 
hangs on a sign out front. 

Th","'" Fob"""" 25, '. 

EGNS 
subtleties 

Singer shows 

of'new 

techno-

Influenced 

sound 

• 
JliFF NIESEL 

HlATU EDITOR 

Suzanne Vega's foray into techno (call it "lite techno") on her latest album 99.9 F represents her effort to shed 
the "quaint" tag which she has been 
given since she spearheaded a folk 
revival in the mid- '80s. During her 
perfonnance Monday night at San 
Diego State University's Mon-
tezuma Hall, Vega's new material 
helped ignite her live show to an 
extent, but the New Yorl<: singer 
showed she still hasn't developed 
the dynamics of a great live per-
fonner. She has yet to outgrow her 
modest folk upbringing. 

One of Vega's limitations is her 
band. While the group generally 
cranked on new songs like the poppy 
"When Heroes Go Down" and "As 
a Child," it was inconsistent. But 
then, playing along with a singer 
who moves from a soft-spoken waif 
in "Small Blue Thing" to a defiant 
defender of underdogs in "Rock in 
This Pocket (Song of David)" is no 
easy task. 

Vega herself was consistent 
throughout the 75-minute perfor-
mance -- her voice rang clear, and 
she captured the mood and feeling 
of each song. However, her band 
was unable to follow the same sense 
of subtlety she employs, and its ego 
sometimes swelled at the wrong 
moments. 

'The mix on "Fat Man and Danc-
ing Girl," the opening number, was 
perfect. Vega sang with her usual 
coyness and the band built up the 
interludes. The song's theme-the 
circus-like nature of live perfor-
mances which cast the performer as 
the "monkey in the middle" --was 
ironic given Vega's own position as 
the headlining act. 

While the band clicked on some 
songs, it misfired on others. The 
poignant "Marlene on the Wall," 
Vega's first "hit" from her 1985 
self-titled debut, was muddled and 
plodding. "Small Blue Thing," also 
from the debut album, was afflicted 
with similar problems, and a rushed 
performance of "Left of Center" 
was hampered by a meandering pi-
ano solo (Joe Iackson actualJy plays 
piano on the recorded version). The 

s..z..... Yep stll upholds her 
steadfast foil-singer lmaBe. 

use of accordion on "Tired of Sleep-
ing" and the acoustic introto "Luka" 
proved the band could playa variety 
of instruments and styles, overplay-
ing only on occasion. 

Vega herself did not move much 
to the songs. Sometimes she stood 
to the side, strumming her acoustic 
guitar and nodding in time with the 
band. She became more animated 
whenusingabullhomtosing"Blood 

-Makes Noise" and this provided a 
rare distortion to her normally pris-
tine voice. 

However, Vega was not cold and 
remote. She joked about her appear-
ance on "The Howard Stem Show" 
andregularly answered queries made 
by hecklers. She introduced her 
songs as if they were poems, ex-
plaining the context and adding an-
ecdotes which made their meanings 
clearer. Her story about a childhood 
friend who accused her of calling 
another girl a whore was amusing, 
providing the perfect introduction 
to "Neighborhood Girl." 

Vega finished the show with the 
a capella "Tom's Diner" and the 
up-tempo "As Girls Go." All in all 
there were few surprises. Vega 
playedaIJ her best-known songs with 
few alterations. In the past she has 
included an acoustic segment in her 
performance. The lack of an acous-
tic portion was a notable absence 
which could have strengthened the 
concert because the brief moments 
when she sang and played acoustic 
guitar without backing music were 
some of the most powerful. 

Kitchens of Distinction opened 
with a solid but forgettable 40-
minute set The band is a cross be-
tween Simple Minds and the Psy-
chedelic Furs, but doesn't quite 
match the strengths of either band. 

Kitchens' singer-bassist Patrick 
Fitzgerald's voice isn't powerful 
enough to match that of Simple 
Mind's Jim Kerr and not raspy 
enough to evoke the angst of the 
Furs' Richard Butler. But the band 
worked itself into 8 veritable frenzy 
on the closing track "Hammer," a 
song which relates the fear that Big 
Brother will use technology to con-
trol human thought. 

The UC 0 Guardian 

Be Your Own Boss!! 
ORDER NOW!! 

Learn how to be successul 
at your own mail order 
business. Work your way 
through school. The $$$ 
earnings are unlimited. 
This is not a get rich quick 

" scheme. This is a system 
that will allow you to be your 
boss and very successful! 

Send only $29.95 now to 
Watkins Enterprises 

5241 MIssIon Oaks Blvd. 
# 360, Dept # M 

Camarillo, CA 93012 

HIATUS 5 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! M K I I . formerly .. ~ oa a 5 FROZEN YOGURT Pwgu;I/'s ~~ ~'<,. 4130 Ln Jolln Villnge Drive 452.0524 

OlEN YOG\) betweell Blockbllsteralld Allt/IOIIY'S 

r----------------~, I Koala's C I Butterfinger I FREE I 
: Glace 4? : :l~:e~'~.!: ~?,~~~~~ : 
I Just 10 ea/ones I flavor you I "!'Y small I per ounce! I choose I medIum, or large 
I Onlr \\ilh IhIH'OUpon. . I Not , .. lid ""ith In,. otherol(~r I Of \'.1Id wllh .an.,. Ofht.·r oIfe.-. Not uhd With an) olht'f OUtr, 

Onl' I'll'r p:'lson. [).p J/31/ qJ Orh.' JliI,',prr>On. I:'(p J / Jl / <ij I Oalt' I't"f"\·rson. I>.p. J/ J I/Q3 

-----------;..,1-----
~========~~~======~ 

C> .. . :.:}." . C> . '. . ,,:.' 
:. : .. ' 

Short on cosh? $ No problem, SENOR PESCA'S got a GREAT DEAL on two of 
our tosty combo plates . 

(ome on in and er.~y the great o Fish Tacos, which ore grilled, NEVER FRIED. 
Senor Pesca has a complete Mexican menu including Burritos, Tortos, Quesodillsas and 

Combo p/otes. PLUS, toogy ~or90ritOS ond frosty Me,icon Bee". 

SenOR Pesca 
CAFE MEXICANA 

11 :30 -1:30 SUIIIIay - ,htlrsday • 11 :30 - 9:30 Friday & Saturday 
Lo Jollo Villoge Drive ot Regents Rood. next to Anthony's Lo Jollo 

PIiow. 451-0591. Fax: 457-5099 

r---------, Two Alaskan I 
: Pollock Tacos I 
I r,.9~ I I ~ ~ ~ I 
I I 
I I 

r---------, I Alaskan Pollock Taco I 
I & Thr •• Fish Taquitos I 

! 0g e ! 
I Rice or Beans I 

2.50 2.50 ~---------~ ~---------~ ~========~========~ 



HIATU 6 The UC 0 tl ardian 

M I c H A E L DOUGLAS 

TIle Dftalltum of 

.11 onIlIGry _II 

at •• r .Ith the 

.. aryd., world. 

ARMY: 
Groovy dialogue 
Continued from pap H2 
tion against the living. Filled with a 
udden sense of responsibility for 

the havoc he has wrought, our un-
likely hero, anned with a double-
barreled hotgun and a orne what 
dubious chainsaw (which replaces 
his right hand), leads a rag-tag but 
valorou band of knight against the 
for e of darkness. vanquishes the 
evil, restore peace to the land -
and, naturally, gelS the girl. 

Director Sam Raimi (Darkman, 
Evil Dead / & If) has outdone him-
self. He has asserted himself as the 
stand-outmasterofthecomic book-
genre action flick. He has incorpo-
rated all the elements: good versu 
evil, a flawed but larger-than-Iife 

FALLING: 
D-FENS strikes 
Continued from pap H2 
acters, Falling Down would have 
been a c heesy, cam py film. 
Pendergrast (Robert Duvall). the 
police officer who eventually pur-
ues D-FENS, is a double, a mirror-

image of his quarry. On his last day 
on the job, Pendergrast is alone. 
Like D-FENS, he wears a white 
shi rt with a tie, gelS no respect, and 
more importantly, has al 0 lost a 
daughter. His pursuit of D-FENS 
parallel D-FENS's own journey, 
albeit in a redemptive rather than 
futile manner. 

Michael Douglas, in a butch, 
Marine-style haircut and wearing 

Thursday, February 25, 1993 

hero. a damsel in distress named 
"She ila" (Embeth Davidtz) and an 
utterly-wicked adversary worthy of 
the hero - in this case. A~h's own 
oOev iltwin." 

There are epic ballles, nasty crea-
ture . swords and orcery. lOIS of 
gunplay and excellent use of the 
word ··groovy." 

The special effects are reminis-
cent of Clash of fire TirallS or any 
one of the "Sinbad" adventure -
the stop-motion cameras undoubt-
edly workedovertimeon this project. 
The climax of the film involves 
what looks like hundreds of indi-
vidual keleton warnors marching 
on the heroe 'castle. 

Often hilarious, sometimes pre-
dictable and at times even a bit dull, 
Army of Darkness provides good, 
nasty fun. 

- Ben Boychuk 

'50 -style hom-rimmed glasse , is 
hypnotic to watch as he takes on 
L.A. with a ba ebaJl bat , a 
switchblade and an assortment of 
machineguns,automaticpi tol and 
rocket launchers. 

He elicits compassion and un-
derstanding, and finally disgust and 
pity. He give some vicarious plea-
sures without compromising our 
conscience when the going gets a 
little too nasty. 

Although Falling Down wraps 
it elfup rather nicely and optimisti-
cally, it hit home along the way in 
an emotional rollercoaster. It 's the 
kind of film everyone will have 
omething to say about. Falling 

Down opens tomorrow at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

-Christopher Conway 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

' . 

WHAT DO 
SAN FRANCISCO, BERKELEY, 

PHOENIX AND TUCSON 
HAVE IN COMMON? 

BUFFALO EXCHANGE! 
VOTED IN EACH CITY AS "BEST USED CLOTHING STORE"* 

CASH FOR CLOTHES 
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY 

MEN'S & WOMEN'S 
CONTEMPORARY NOW IN 

P.B. SAN DIEGO ONEOFAKIND GOOD LABELS LEATHER 
VINTAGE 

JEANS 

'1989,1990, 1991 
BAY GUARDIAN, S.F. NEW TIMES, PHOENIX 
EXPRESS, BERKELEY TUCSON WEEKLY 

. _- - ------ -- ---------------- ----~--------

Thur day, Febnaary 25, 1993 

BLAIR 

RIDLEY 
Blades of Death 

How many people can tell me which 
tearn Adam Oales plays for? That's 
funny, because he happens to be a main 
contender for the Most Valuable Player 
award in the ational Hockey League. 

If you d n't know the answer to the 
above question, you are certainly not 
alone in your ignorance. Unfortunately. 
the sport of hockey has been able to 
elude potential fans for many years. 

Hopefully. this is about to change. 
The league just elected its fJrst-ever 

commissioner. Gary Bettman. Benman 
is best known for hi work in promoting 
the NBA to its current worldwide 
popularity. 

The new commissioner will have two 
important jobs facing him. Not only 
must he sort out official league bu iness 
(di putes, expansion, etc.), but he must 
also playa hand in directing the NHL 
towards increased popularity throughout 
the world. 

TIle league has already begun its 
quest to park fan interest. It ha signed 
two television conlTacts, one with ESPN 
and the other with ABC. Games are 
shown roughly once a week on ESPN's 

ational Hockey Night ESPN wi ll also 
air the Stanley Cup Finals. 

Another step that the NI-ll... mu t take 
i to market its stars. Everyone on the 
planet knows who Michael Jordan is. 
But can you teU me who Doug Gilmour, 
Brian Leetch, and Al Iafrate are? 

If the league is smart, commercials 
will be made featuring NHl.. stars, 
similar to in which Roger Oemens and 
William "Refrigerator" Perry appear. 

The league i currently expanding to 
warm weather cities, such as Anaheim 
and Mianli . This is another step in the 
right direction, as it is bringing the game 
into many people's backyards. The Los 
Angeles Kings are proof of success in a 
warm weather city. 

You might ask, what is so great about 
hockey? No other sport, team or 
individual, combine the speed. bone-
crunching hits, and non-stop action that 
hockey prov ides. 

What other sport featW"eS players 
skating at 25 miles per hour while ttying 
to maneuver a three-inch disk with a 
four-foot curved stick? Not only are the 
players attempting to keep control of the 
puck, but they must skate around 
talented defensemen and shOO( the puck 
into the net past a stingy, pad-covered. 
stick-wielding goaltender. 

Iafrate, a defenseman on the 
Washington Capitals. recorded a IOS.5 
mile per hour shot in the NIH.. skiUs 
competition prior to the All-Star game. 
Imagine standing in front of that shot! 
NHL defenseman do it every game. 

One of the current mn&ths of the 
1eague is ilS loyal fan base. The hockey 
arenas in both Canada and the U.S. 
average 90 percent capacity for the 
season. Teams like the Oticago 
8\ackhawks and Montreal Canadiens 
seU out almost every game. 

I'm not ttying to shove hockey down 
your throat, but [ am saying give it a 
chance. Go to a game. 

By the way, Adam Oates is a center 
for the Boston Bruins who is cwrently 
third in total points in the league. 

The UCSD Guar Iian 

As the defending NCAA champion In the 200-yard backstroke, junior Travis Miller will be lookIng to defend his title In March. 

UCSD Set For Atlanta 
SWldMING: Tritons wann up for 
NCAAs with meet in Long Beach 
By Bree Segal 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 'sand women 's swimm ing and 
diving teams got fired up for the upcoming NCAA 
championships at the Pacific Coast Swim Confer-
ence championships in Long Beach last weekend. 

Twelve men shaved down forthe meet and over 
half secured their lifetime-be ' lS. JuniorChris Jagard 

placed with 58.8 in the 100-
yard breasts troke and 
sophomore Erik Pedersen 
took the 100-and 2oo-yard 
breaststrokes with times of 
59.8 and 2:09.8 respec-
tively. 

Aaron Fluss achieved 
I :43.3 in the 200-yard 
freestyleand4:43 flalin the 
5OD-yard freestyle. Sopho-
more Tom Perkin set fast 
times in the breaststroke and 
Judd Glasser swam his best 
ever with 46.6 in the 100-

yard freestyle and I :42.9 in the 2oo-yard freestyle. 
Andy Hollywood swam a 52.9 in the 1000yard 
backstroke and Michael McNeff improved his 
times with 4:39 flat in the 5OD-yard freestyle and 
1:54.1 in the 2OD-yard backstroke. Michael Pahland 
seized his lifetime best with 21.3 in the 50-yard and 
46.6 in the 1000yard free. 

"Sixteen [menJ are under B cuts - we have to 
wait to see if they make NCAA," Head Coach 
Doug Boyd said "Wedidn't have as many unshaved 
women." 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
Jill Jackson Captured the one-meter dive. 

Sophomore Kellie Lusk won [he SOO-yard 
freestyle with a remarkable time of 509.7. Lusk 
suffered shoulder problems during the season but 
was pleased with her weekend perfonnance. "I 
knew I could go fast. I'm surprisedldid sowell.lt's 
nice to rest now." she said. ' 

SoplJomore Connie Romero broke her NCAA 
record from last year in [he mile event (1650 
yards), and shattered the A time standard by 13 
seconds, accomplishing 5:08.4 in the Soo-yard 
freestyle. 

"When [ saw my time on the scoreboard [ was 
overwhelmed by how fast I swam. Hung up behind 
the starting blocks one motivational sign read 
'Right now there's no holding back' and this is 

See SWIMMING, Page 13 

1heWeek 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
VOLLEYBALL: UCSD's woes 
continued as the Tl1tOns dropped 
a three-game match to a pwerfull 
Stanford team, 154, 15-3. 15-8. 

Page 12 

MEN'S BASKETBAlJ.: 
Despite not playing a game since 
Friday, UCSD had an incredible 

week, catapulting it to the 
forefront of the NCAA Tourna-

ment chase. Page 12 

Oan McDowell/Guardian 

Tbe HeadUne Matchup: Men's basketball VI. Menlo College, Friday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. This game Is basically a playoff game for the Tritons 
who need a win to advance to the NCAA toumament. 

Other Games: Men's volleyball vs. UCLA, Saturday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. Softball VS. Cal State San Bernardino, Saturday at 12 p.m., NCR Softball Diamond. Baseball VS. The Master's College, 
Saturday at 12 p.m., Baseball Diamond. Women 's basketball at La Veme, Friday. Track and field at the California Collegiate Athletic Association Relays, Saturday. Women 's tennis at Claremont 

College, Friday, and PomonlHlitZer College, Saturday. 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus No-
tary Public? If so, call 587-7911 . 
(1/4-6/3) 

Battle of the Bands '93: Submit 
tapes to Revelle Provost office 
by Friday, March 5 (competition 
is Saturday, April 3.) (2122-2125) 

Gay Youth Alliance sponsoring 
a semi-formal dance, Saturday 
3/6 9 p.m. - 1 a.m. Info 233-
9309. (2122-3/4) 

WANTTOWORK WITH KI DS? Pick 
L4> an cwication for AdNe Students 
forKidsatVoIunteerConnection,2nd 
floor Price Center, or caD 534-1414. 
DEADLINE MAR. 2 (2J25.3I1 ) 

These 
advertiser make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Fairmai(s .......... ........... 222·0220 
La Sandale .................. .488·1134 
UCSD EATS. DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Beans ........................... 453·9252 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ........ ..... 578·7892 
Koala's Frozen yogurt ..... 452·0524 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUlO 
C & 0 Auto ........ ........... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Rober1's ........... " ........... 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... .457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ... " ..... 560-0325 
UCSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit .. ........ ......... .... 483-9294 
Family Planning ."" ... "". 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .............. " ..... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS . 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ........ " ....... 452-7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ...... ..... " .. . 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery .............. .450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452·0630 
Travelle(s Depot .. ........ 483-1421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ................... .. .452-9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457 -1 007 
Kinko's .......... ... ............ 457 -3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hypenearning ............... 455-1 000 
MCAT Review ............. .456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 
Torrey's ..................... ". 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
St. Germain'S .... ....... " .. 455-1414 
Azita Electrolysys ......... 454-6044 

The UCSD Guardian 

I :- -lASSIFIEDS 
CLassified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person_ Deadlines are 3 p_m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m_ Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads_ For more iriformation 
call534-5416.MaiLingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316, Actual address: Student Center A,IOP floor. 

Trash Day 19931 March 1 st. 
Trash will never look the same 
again I (2125-3/1) 

PARTY BUS TOURSI Grab 
some friends and PARTY at 4 
or 5 nightclubsl First round 
FREE. 619-558-9060. $14.95. 
(2125) 

Join us RISC staffers! Applica-
tions available 3rd floor Price 
Center or call 534-4482. Due 3/ 
5/93. (2125-3/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERN-SHIPS. Most positions 
filled by Feb. Gain val. expo 
managing 6-8 employees, 
customers, and suppliers . Avg. 
earnings 6 -16,000+ . Call 
"University Painting Pros." Infol 
appl. CALL 800-525-5877. (117-
3/29) 

EARN $1 ,500 WEEKLY mailing 
our circularsl ... Begin NOWI 
FREE packet! SEYS, Dept. 19, 
Box 4000, Cordova, TN 38018-
4000. (2111-4/29) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I 
Many positions. Great benefits. 
CaU 1-800-436-4365, ext. P-
3387. (2111-3/8) 

INTERNATIONAL 
EMPLOYMENT - Make 
money teaching basic 
conversational English 
abroad . Japan and Taiwan . 
Make $2,000-$4,000+ per 
month . Many provide room & 
board + other benefits! No 
previous training or teaching 
certificate required . For 
International Employment 
program, call the 
International Employment 
Group : (206) 632-1146 ext. 
J5976. (2/16-3/4) 

Tissue culture position open for 
an energetic person in our in 
vivo + in vitro monoclonal 
antibody team_ Scantibodies is a 
growing Biotechnical Company 
located in San Diego area. 
Qualifications include a BS 
degree in science and 2-5 yrs. of 
tissue culture experience. 258-
9300. (2118-2125) 

Hiring P.T. $5 per/hr. Free meals. 
Must be available some 
afternoons. Round Table, Price 
Center. (2122-2125) 

RAISE A COOL $1,000.00 IN 
JUST ONE WEEKI Foryourfrat, 
sorority, club_ + 1,000 FOR 
YOURSELFI And a FREE 
IGLOO COOLER if you qualify. 
Call 1-800-932-0528, Ext. 65. 
(2122-4/19) 

Summer Camp Positions: 
Roughing It Day Camp in SF 
East Bay is hiring for summer 
1993_ Positions: counselors, 
swim, ride. sports, waterfront. 
envir. ed, crafts. Exper .refs. 
(510)283-3878. Send resume to 
P.O. BOX 1266, Orinda. CA 
94563. (2125-3/1) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1 ,000 AN 
HOURI Each member of your fra~ 
sorority, team, dub, et9. pitches in 
just one hour and your group can 
raise$1,OOOinjustafewdays! Plus 
a chance to earn $1,000 'or 
youl'98lfl No cost No obligation. 1-

800-932~, ext 65. (2125) 

Chiropractic Assistant needed for a 
multi-doctor office. Receptionist 
duties include billings and computer 
literacy. MWF 9-6 p.m. 4275 
Exerutive Square #220 La Jolla, 
CA 92037. No phone calls please. 
Come in and fill out application on 
Tues or Thurs in the month of 
February from 10-12 only_ $7.00 
per hour to start. (2125-311) 

DOYOUGET~DAT~? 
Federal Research Project needs 
females aged 21 + WHO LOOt< 18. 
Wot1< Fri. and Sat nights btwn 6 
p.m. & midnight in Mar/Apr. Need 
valid aivers license, roost travel to 
Oceanside and Orange CA. $7.501 
hr_ +bonusatco"lJletion. Call Beth 
on 212fw'93 - 311193 btwn 9:00 a.m.-
5:OOp.m.at757-8211 . EOElAA. (21 
25) 

Mira Mesa Childcare Program. 
PT mornings, afternoons. 12 
units req. Educ. Rec. CD. Call 

~9-3640. (2125-311) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-carrpus Notary 
P1.dic? /foo, cal 587-7911 . (1/4-00) 
Macintosh text & graphics scan-
ning. On campus and affordable. 
Call Mike 622-1147. (1/14-3/11) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452-9949_ (1119-613) 
Need typing/word processing 
done? Will do any size job, any 
type of job. I will also do editing if 
needed or wanted. Call Carol 
481-6364 evenings. (1/19-3/11) 

QUALITY BARBERINGllla Jolla 
Barber Shop, QuaJity Barber, Hair 
Cuts. $8. 7760 Faye Ave., Suite F, 
459-5792. (2118-2/25) . 
WORD PROCESSING-papers, 
resumes, etc.. ProofreadIspeIcheck. 
Laser printing. From $1 .5OIpage. 
Sharon 481-7604 evenings. (2/25) 
SERVICES: NEED MONEY FOR 
COLLEGE? You may qualify for 
finandal assistanoe regardless of 
your GPA, SAT score, or income. 
For recorded message call 278-
2495 x305. (2/25) 

FIND ,r---- ----------------, 2TANS$1: i Roommates 
Tick~ts 
Curs 
Bikes 
Dellis 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfbourds 
Auto Repolr 

Sales 
.lobs 

Computers 
and mure in 

TIle GuanIiM 
upstairs in the 

Student Center. 
above the 

General Store. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days i2~ I I 

Wolff 6ed5 • Facial T a"mf"5 I I 
'-------
,r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I I I Guaranteed., ,$48 &9& " I lost 11 inches, and my jeans I 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" I I -Mindy, San Diego Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dletJnc. Not a temporary water lou. I 
I I 
I PERFECT iAN u Jolla ,.~ Lama State Col. I GOlDEN TRIANGLE ~55-0952 224-9727 697-0014 I 3251 Holiday Ct. I acroee etreet from EI iorlto Pacific &each """Ion Valley u MeN J 
\ 45~909 5e1-9060 542-Q:391 697-0015 
'-..:_-----------------------

Thursday, February 25,1993 

Primo Hair Design. Ask for Mary 
Ann Galindo. 4313 La Jolla Vil-
lage Dr_ (Across from Family Fit-
ness Center, upstairs) . 619-455-
0046_ All student haircuts $15.00. 

Biology tutor. Do not take your 
chances on the next exam! Call 
ANNA 793-9174. (2125-3111) 

WANTED 
Seeking 10 patients with 
headaches for a research paper. 
Dr. Finley 452-2882. (2122-314) 
Healthy men and women ages 
18 to 45 years old are needed to 
participate in a UCSD Medical 
Center study examining the 
effect of sound on the eyeblink 
reflex . Call 543-2494 for 
information. (2125) 

TUTOR for Qualitative Research 
Methods and Design course 
(elementary!) $20/hr. 452-5690. 
(2125-3/4) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS. trucks, boats, 4-
wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, 
IRS, DEA. Available your area 
now. Call 1-800-436-4363 ext_ 
C-7556. (2111-3/8) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. 
Computer homework at homel 
$157. Plug in and go. 554-0414. 
(211-3/11 ) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 
4wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, 
IRS, DEA. Available your area 
now. Call 1-800-436-4363. (21 
11-3/8) 

Bike Frame - Brand new 21.5 
Raleigh "Peak.· Burgundy-Black 
ONLY $200.00 o.b_o. Call Travis 
455-9039. (2118-3/4) 

Surfboard for sale. 6'10· $75_ 
Call 792-2872. Ask for Tony. (21 
18-2125) 

Apple lie computer w/printer 
$350. Queen size bed (mat-
tress, box spring, metal 
frame) . Like new, $150. Ste-
reo w/speakers $400. Desk 
w/4 drawers $10 . Kristin 755-
4374 . (2/22-2/25) 

MAC PLUS, 4MB RAM, $300 
o.b.o. 481-4341. (2122-3/1) 

Surfboards for sale . Two 6'1"s, 
one 6' 4". Extremely light and radi-
cal dimensions. Contact Jud. 
62.2-0945. (2122-3/1) 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concem, but seiling 

what you sell is . 
... •• AdY ........ 'M-34 .. 

Thllrsday Fl>bJ'llary 25,1993 

MACINTOSH IIsi, 9MB RAM, 
120MB HD, Sony 1304HG moni-
tor, Apple Laserwriter LS printer, 
2400 Baud modem, software: 
Microsoft Word 5.0, SuperPaint 
3.0 , Think C 5.0, ClarisWorks. 
$2500, 455-5691 . (2122-3/8) 

1970 Volkswagon Sqrbck. Auto-
matic, excellent condition , baby 
blue. 50,000, rebuilt, runs great. 
273-8059. (2125-3/1) 

'76 Volvo SD, runs well, needs 
minor smog repair, sell as is 
$600 o.b.o. 535-9498 . (2125-3/ 
11 ) 

'84 Mitsubishi STARION Turbo 
for sale. Runs great! Call Anna 
793-9174. (2125-3/1) 

SKIS - Brand new beautiful 
Rossignol 3HP - 195cm. Retail 
value $359.00. Used once -
moving forces sale , $185 .00 
o.b .o. 625-0606. (2125) 

HOUSING 
Why Rent?! Save taxes! You 
can own a 1 bedroom condo with 
view patio, new carpet + paint, 
large pool, spa, + walk to UCSD. 
Eileen Agent 982-0811 . (2116-21 
25) 

Roommate wanted $341.50/ 
month + 1/ 3 utilities . Male/ 
female . " Hat-nin Pacific 
Beach ." Adriano 270-8592. 
(2/1-2/25) 

Roommate needed. own rm. with 
ocean view, deck, parking, ga-
rage, washer + dryer, in Cardiff, 
632-7043. (2111-2125) 

Own room in large University 
City house. $260 per month + 
utilities. Call 587-0227. (2/16-3/ 
1 ) 

Female roommate wanted-
Spring quarter and/or sum-
mer Villas of Renaissance : 4 
pools, clubhouse, washer/ 
dryer , underground parking 
close to campus and UTC . 
$300/month. Call Sherry 452-
2568. (2/16-3/4) 

BIG room in 3-br University 
Woods Apartment. $315/month 
+ 1/3 utilities. Available 3/20. 546-
1289. (2116-2125) 

Furnished room for female, pri-
vate bath , in spacious , non-
smoking La Jolla condo, one 
block to UCSD campus, all 
amenities, $300/month + 1/4 utili-
ties . 450-9330/455-9809. (2116-
2125) 

House in Kearny Mesa needs 
roommate. Pool , fireplace , 
month-to-month lease. $340. 
Call 627-0747. (2116-2/25) 

Own room in Playmore Terrace. 
$315/month + 1/3 utils. Spacious 
3 bedroom, 1.5 bath condo , 
washer/dryer, very close to cam-
pus. Prefer easy-going male , jun-
ior, senior or Grad. Call 587-
8980. Alex or Alf. (2118-3/1) 

Master bedroom available in 2 
bed, 2 bath La Jolla del Sol apart-
ment. $438/month. Pool, jacuzzi , 
fireplace, free parking , etc! John 
or Miguel. 622-0586. (2118-2125) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED: Female 
needed to share very large mas-
ter bedroom & bath w/same. I 
have a very cool cat & would 
prefer a cat lover. Located di-
rectly across from La Jolla Vil-
lage Square. Close to all . 5 min . 
walk to UCSD. $275.00 + 1/4 utI. 
Deposit=$50.00. Shanna 452-
6269 or 450-0494. (2118-2/25) 

ON-CAMPUS APARTMENT-
MATE(S) for 93-94. Must be 
Third College male(s) . I have 
GUARANTEED HOUSING privi-
leges to oHer. Call me, Chee-
Hah n, at 546-1 644 and we'll talk. 
(2122-3/11 ) 

Roommate wanted: Sharetwo bed-
room, one bath apartment in Pacific 
Beach. Garage, laundry & back-
yard. 4 blocks to beach. Around the 
corner from all the bars. Male/Fe-
male. $350.00-$400.00 + 1/2 utils. 
581-3218. (2/22-2125) 

Female roommate needed 
spring quarter. Own room/bath . 
Nice view in UTC. $425. Jamee 
458-0355. (2122-3/11) 

SPRING QUARTER and summer. 
Master bdrm. $370-one person, 
$235-two to share, own bath, 
washer/dryer, pool, bus to UCSD, 
non-smoker, non-al/ergicto cat Call 
Stacy or Lisa 625-0821 . (leave 
message) (2/22-3111 ) 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
E;<;lendcd Sofl Lcnses 
II&L l().l 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
P.rapeml02 emerald. green 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lo •• ' S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Iy.c.r. 

(OJ!..-"'pi"" 411119J) • R ••• o •• ltl. Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemonl MI!~a 8lvd. 3938 Adam, Ave. 

TIl(' UCSD ,uanlian 

Share "Deluxe" LaCosta 
(Carlsbad) golf course condo-
minium. Everyconceivable ame-
nity . Own bedroom/bath. $450. 
942-8669 . (2125) 

1 BDRM AP T. Very quiet Bay 
Park residential neigh-
borhood , private , fenced 
yard . laundry , very near 
UCSD on bike path , near 
beaches , bay , shopping and 
freeway . $475/mo + utilit ies . 
581 -2835 . (2/25-3/ 1) 

Solana Beach Studio . Living 
area , bedroom & bath , 
kitchenette , private entrance, 
furn/unfurn, beach close , $350. 
755-4702 . (2/25-311) 

ROOMMATES WANTED : 2 
single rooms available in PB. 
Cute house, porch . $341 + 
utilities + deposit. 270-7857. (2/ 
25-3/4) 

ROOMMATE WANTED : Your 
own master bedroomlbath in La 
Jolla V i llage Tenn is Club . 
Includes : pool . pool table , 
jacuzzi , tennis, wId. Transferring 
and need male to take my place! 
Only $395.00. 554-1302. (2125-
3/4) 

Need female to share existing 
apartment and/or look for another 
place. Kim or Linda 453-2092. 
(2125-3/4) 

Needed : Female student to 
share room & bath . 1 .5 miles 
to UCSD . w I d , c overed 
parking , pool , exercise roo m, 
park, near Von 's, $211 /month 
+ 1/4 uti!. Call 625 -0489 . (2/ 
25 -3/1 ) 
Female roommate. Own room. 
Share bath . $375 + 1/2 util ities. 
Available March 15. UTC area. 
Quiet atmosphere . 455-0544. (21 
25) 

Non-smoking male roommate 
wanted - condo close to campus. 
laundry & pool. $310 + 1/4 utilities 
-single room. JoeI450-9192. (21 
25) 

"1i'/isl ill Ihe Lord ... (li/{! be shall 
direel tby /l(llbs." - Prol'er/is 3: 5-0 

CLASSIFIEDS II 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND : Casio Scient. 
Calculator. 2117 in APM 2113. 
Call : 558-7465. (2125-3/1) 

PERSONALS 
WHAT DO YOU GOT_ .. (2/22-21 
25) 

You Graphics Punks will be the 
death of me. Damn you all to 
hell. (2/25) 

Eco Logic, new environmental 
newspaper. coming Mar. 3. (2/25) 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus 57.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI_ 

Japanese cars only . Includes new 
spark plugs. set t lmlmg. scope 
engine. under hood check. 
Vans 8 p1ua e"llnes. plEuinum plugs e-ma 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C Be D Auto Care 
Mon_-F,1. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 
6660 Miramar Rd., suite C (behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

4 most tars 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
Mt CROBREWERY & R ESTAURTANT 

THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER 
& SPAGHETTI NIGHT 

• Spa~hcni w/mcat or $399 Marmara sauce 
& bread (after 5 pm) 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

• ALL PIZZAS 
& 
48-oz. 
PITCHERS 

• All 10-0:. micrubrcWL.J $100 
beers (after 7 pm) (after 5 pm) 

.---------------~ 
* Remember all $1.00 
beers are NOT THE SAllE! 

4475 Miss ion Blvd_ 

* Try the THAI 
CHICKEN PIZZA! 

comer of Mis ion & Garnet • SeaCoast Sl.juarc 
• FREE PARKING off of Homblcnd t. 

274-ALES 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77C1: 

No minimum. 8 1'2" x 11" • Self-serve. Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8"1'2" x 11" 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 



The UC D GUllrdilln Thunday, Februllry 25,1993 

Reversal of Fortune 
MEN'S BASKEJRAII • Chris Moore honored as Tritons gear up for all-important game 
By Grace Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Talk about rags to riches. A week 
ago the UCSDmen 's basketball team 
was looking for divine in piration 
after an 80-75 loss to Christ College 

of Irvine left 
the Tritons' 
chance of 
making the 
NCAA tour-
nament 
hanging by 
one hand off 
a cliff with a 
rockslide on 
rhe way. BUI 
so me o ne. 

somewhere, 
mu t like the 
Triton. Af-

ter a week of unbelievably good for-
tune, UCSD finds itselfin thedriver' s 
seal. It's a very ,imple formula: win 
and they" re in . 

''This game is our eason," Head 
Coa h Tom Marshall said of Friday 's 
upcom ing game with Menlo. 1l1eTri-
tons defeated the Oaks in Atherton 
two weeks ago. 79-75 in overtime. 

The fir t time the teams met this 
sea.wn was in the Redlands Tourna-
ment in December where Menlo held 
off Ihe Tritons. 77-7 1. 

BUI U SD has lx.>en a beller team 
at home Ihan on Ihe road this year and 
Mar hall expects Ihat trend to con-
linue. 

"We've gOI our work cut out [with 
Menlo]." forward Chris Moore said. 
"We've gOl a real rivalry with them 
and they know us well." 

The Tritons' reversal of fortune is 
clue 10 the sudden aversion to winning 

shown by Nebmska Wesleyan and 
Colorado College. Nebraska 
Wesleyan, the fonner number-two 
seed in the We t Region. dropped to 
number- ix aflertwodisastrou 10 e 
over the weekend. The setbacks 
dropped Wesleyan to 16-8 on the year 
with one game remaining again t a 
team that has already defeated them 
in Nebraska Wesleyan' gym. 

Should UCSD win and ebraska 
Wesleyan lose. the Tritons have a 
chance to be voted imo Ihe tourna-
ment as Ihe number-one independent 
team. 

ColomdoCollege. the fifth -ranked 
team in the West and anotherthreat to 
UCSD. dropped it regular season 
finale Tuesday night, leaving them 
17 -8 on the season. 

The Tritons, seventh in the region. 
will 31 0 be 17-8, if they win Friday 
night. However, one of those eight 
losses was against Division I Oregon 
State and won 't count toward the se-
lection process. 

This would. in effect. leave UCSD 
with one loss less than both Nebraska 
Wesleyan and Colorado College. Be-
cause of this, "even if Nebraska wins. 
wc'd tillbe n bitaheadoflhem. But 
no maner what happens. if we win. 
we are sitting pretty," Marshall aid. 

Another criteria for selection is 
the team's recent record. ebraska 
has 10 t three out of its la. t four while 
UCSD has won nine of its last 10. 

Two other teams that could have 
an influenceon UCSD'sMatus are La 
Verne and C"I Lutheran. member of 
the SClAC conference. As it stands 
now, the leams are tied, with one 
game remaining for each. If they both 
win or both lose, there will be a play-

Tritons See Cardinal 
After Three-Set Loss 
VOLI.EYBALL: UCSD loses in three traight; Head 
Coach Rod WLlde to leave team after season for new job 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
remains winle on the season, after a 
crushing defeat in three straight game 
to the vi iting Stanford Cardinal. 

II 

15-3, 15 -4, 
15-8. 

The Tritons 
were unable to 
get into gear 
during the f lfst 
game, manag-
ing jusr three 
points. 

Stanford 
emerged 
strong, using 
short serves to 
throw the Tri-
ton defense 

off-guard. The Cardinal used thi ploy 
along with powerful kills to take a 
6-0 lead. 

The Tritons received their first 
point of the game when Tyson Kerr 
hammered a hart jump erve too 
tough for Cardinal seller Jimmy 
Blackman to handle. 

Stanford countered by scoring ix 
unan wered points 10 increase its lead 
to 12-1. 

UCSD notched its second point of 
the game when Dave Go ,~tationed 
in the back comer, cou Id not gel out of 
the way of an outward-bound Kerr 

serve. 
Stanford's Canyon Ceman then 

piked the ball out of bound to hand 
the Tritons their Ihird point of the 
game. 

The Cardinal then scored three 
traightpoints tocaprurethefirst game, 

15-3. 
The second game of the match 

started much like the first, as Stanford 
once aga in jumped out to a huge lead 

The Triron wer:e able to rrade 
sideouts with the Cardinal, but 
couldn't convert them into needed 
point . 

SteveKremsergaveUCSDit first 
point as he blasted a kill over the net 
to cut the Stanford lead to 7-1. 

Kremser added two more kill to 
make the score 10-3, leading the Tri-
tons on the evening with 12 kills and 
two block as it. 

Matt Brigham teamed up with 
Kremser for a block which cut the 
Stanford lead to eight. at 12-4. 

The Cardinal closed out the game 
15-4 as Ceman hit an untouchable kill 
in the Triton backcourt. 

UCSD began the third game with 
a higher level of intensity than the 
previou two. 

Brigham's solo block gave the 
Tritons their first lead of the night, 
I-D. Brigham :II 0 had three block 
as ist on the night. 

Stanford then took control and 

off game between the two team Sat-
urday night. 

There is little chance of the CAA 
selecting IWO teams from the confer-
ence, and UCSD could end up facing 
either of tho e learns early in the 
tournament. 

If-and this is where the scenario 
gets rea II y incredible- Cal Lutheran 
triumphS. UCSD could end up hos,-
ing the tournament. Not a bad turn-
around for a team that a few day ago 
would have been glad to playa tour-
nament game anywhere, including 
outdoors at an elementary hool in 

orth Dakota. Cal Lutheran, who 
would have priority to ho t, does not 
have a gym that is suitable for the 

CAA, and that would throw the 
door open to anyone that wanted the 
tournament. 

UCSD received more good new 
over the weekend when forward 
Moore was named first-tearn All-West 
Region. Moore leads the Tritons with 
a 22.6 scoring average, top in the 
We t and 12th in the country, due 
partly to his49 percent shooting from 
three-point range. 

Chuck N!lUYen/GuardoWl 
Chris Moore leads the West In scoring with 22.6 points • game-

In addition. Moore tied the single-
game record for steals with eight ear-
lier this year, tying him with Rodncy 
Lusain and Darvin Jackson. 

With his selection as All-West, 
Moore becomes an automatic All-
American candidate. 

"He has proven himself as both an 
inside and outside scoring threat, plus 
he plays some great defense for us," 
Marshall said. 

"[Moore J has been a big part of the 
program," he continued. "He's given 
us four great years of basketball." 

"It feels great, it's always nice to 

be recognized." Moore said. 
Moore was a freshman on a team 

that went to a tournament in Roches-
ter, New York. Not only did the Tri-
ton compete with ome of the big-
name teams from the east, the 
darkhorse UCSD team won the tour-
ney. 

Moore was then named to the all-
tournament team. '111m was a turning 
point forth is tearn," Moore said. "We 
stnned getting some respect from the 
teams back east which we didn't have 
before. 

"Freshman year seems like yester-
day. It 's been way too fast." 

Jason RIU:Ne/ GUIIId'oWl 
Matt BrIgham puts one clown agalMt Stanford TU8ICIay night. 
ranledoffsevenstraightpoints. UCSD Wilde will be leaving UCSDatthe 
c1imbedbackintothegameasitplayed end of the season in order to serve as 
strong defense while capitalizing on the assistant coach to the USA men's 
Cardinal mistakes to cut the lead to volleyball team. 
7-4. This will not be Wilde's ftrSt stint 

The Triton improved their dig- with the national tearn, He partici-
ging and bloc.k.ing which enabled them pated on the squad in 1982-84 before 
to remain close to the Cardinal for he uffered a broken leg which pre-
much of the game. vented him from playing in theOlym-

Travis Ferguson blasted a jump 
serve ace for the Tritons that made the 
score 11-8. Unfonunately, that was as 
close as UCSD would get, as Stanford 
fini hed off the game, 15-8, and the 
match with powerful kills and iron-
curtain blocks. 

UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde 
was pleased with his team' effort. "r 
thought we played with good enthusi-
n m," he said. 

"We played real good defense in 
the third game," Wilde aid. citing 
Ferguson as one of the main rea ons 
for the improved defense. 

"r was quite pleased with their 
play," he added. 

UCSD 3 ·1 H 

STANFono 1<;1,15 

pic Games. 
Prior to playing on the national 

team, Wilde was a member of the 
1978 NCAA champion Pepperdine 
Waves. 

Hiscoachingcareerbighlightcame 
in 1986, as he led Pepperdine to the 

CAA title. He served as the Waves' 
interim head coach and posted a 58-
27 record ( 1986-88). 

Dan McDowell/Guard.., 
Nate Hantgln looks to pass. 

Golfers Duff 
Two Foes In 
Third Match 
By Gregg WreM 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team, coming off a 
third-place fmish at the NCAA tOWTl8-
ment last year, continued its winning 
ways in its third tournament of the sea-
son Monday. The Tritons squared off in 
athi'ce<omeredcontestwith Point Loma 
NazareneandtheUniversityofRedlands 
atthe6,276-yard.par70RedJandsCoun-
tryOub. 

UCSD fmished in 303, five strokes 
better than Point Lorna and eight under 
the B u1ldogs' 311. 

Jeremy Moe not only led the Tri-
tons, but was tournament medalisl as 
wen, finishing at two-over 72. Pete 
Roberts w~ second with a 76, while 
DaleAbrahamscoreda n .JimO'Grady 
roundcdout UCSD'sscoringwith a 78. 

Moe w~ shooting as the sixth man, 
while Roberts was fifth duetoan injured 
wrist Point Lorna grabbed an early 
\ead, but that was before Moe and Rob-
erts finished up. ''While their fifth and 
sixth men wereshooting 89's, ours were 
scoring real low," UCSD Head Coach 
Mike Wydra said. 

TheTritomare spending this season 
getting ready for another sha at the 
national crown, this time to be decided 
in their backyard. 

Torrey Pines. recently host of the 
Buick Invitational, was selected as the 
home of the NCAA Division ill !III-
tionalchampionships forthis year. Play-
ing on their own backyard shouk! give 
theTritons an advantage. "Everybody's 
familiar with the course." Wydra said. 

The UC D Guardian 

Team captain Sabrina Lum Is the defending national champion In the 200-yard butterfly. 

SWIMMING: 
ContInued from page 9 
what 1 kept thinJ:jng throughout my 
mile," Romero said. 

Team captain Sabrina Lum, cur-
rently the national champion in the 
200-yard bunerfly, is expected to be a 
three-rime winner at the NCAA meet, 
while freshman Shelly Tabke rna -
tered hertwo lifetime bests in the 50-
and I DO-yard breastsrroke with scores 
of 24.9 and I: 10.4 respectively. 

Boyd was pleased with the 
perfomances of the meet. "Now we 
have to wait and hold our breath to see 
whether these kids make it through 
the selection committee. In the next 
two weeks we will work on mistake , 
rest up, then leave for Atlanta [NCAA 
DivisionillChampionships],"hesaid. 

Junior Travis Miller, three-time 
national champion in the 200-yard 
backsrroke, is already anticipating the 
NCAA championships. "We're go-
ing to give Kenyon a run for their 
money. It will be the best chance 
we've had in probably fi ve years to 

win." Miller said. The junior also 
predicted that a lot of old records will 
be broken. 

The team' difficult practices have 
lowed down now as it prepares for 

the champion hip . '1'here are too 
many variables to detennine whether 
we will win. I know we will be bener 
than last year. The goal is to wim the 
be t we can, break as many chool 
records a wecan.That ·s whatmakes 
us succe sful , it's not a mailer of wins 
or losses." Boyd said. 

Head Diving Coach Mike Fitchett 
ha every reason to be thrilled. All 
four women divers made it to the 
finals on both boards at the Confer-
ence Championships. Junior Julie 
Gold tein won the three-meter event 
while another junior. Jill Jackson. 
captured the one-meter. 

Adam Burgas er placed fourth in 
the one- and three-meter and quali-
fied for CAA while Sebastian 
Holsclaw took sixth place in the one-
and three-meter. Both men beat out 
many srrong Division r divers. 

Goldstein and Jackson have set a 

perfect example for recent team addi-
tions Patti Thomoson and Sheri 
Takeuchi to follow. Goldstein was a 
top-eight finali t on both boards at 
last year's CAA and hopes to main-
tain, if not improve, her reco rd. Jack-
on. also a top-eight finalist. won sec-

ond place on the one-meter board at 
the previous NCAA meet. Thomp-
on. a trained age-group diver, trans-

ferred at the beginning of the year 
from UCLA and Takeuchi was run-
ner-up in the 1991 Southern Califor-
nia CIF Championships. 

Looking to the future CAA 
championships Fitchell commented. 
"Nobody is stronger Ihan us. We will 
be the team to beat." 

The coach added that his divers 
make his job easy because they are 
competitive and refuse to senle for 
second-be t. "All of u are very ex-
cited. We' re ready to go to nationals 
- if it started tomorrow it would be 
okay. I can't wait," Filchell said. 

CAA Division III Champion-
ships are scheduled for March 11 -20 
in Atlanta. Georg ia. 

Tritons Run Hot and Cold 
HOCKEY: UCSD splits two 
games with Fresno State 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

Hot and cold. That's a good way to 
describe the UCSD ice hockey tearn 
after they split a weekend doubleheader 
with Fresno State last Saturday and 
Sunday. 

On Saturday night, at the San Diego 
Ice Arena, the visiting Bu\ldogsjumped 
out to a 5-1 lead before the Tritons 
staged a third period comeback that fell 
short, 5-4. 

Chris Johnson provided the scoring 
punch for UCSD, netting two goals on 
the nighL 

The Tritons played sloppy during 

both the first and second periods and 
appeared tentative in both offensive and 
defensive zones. 

UCSD got a wakeup call in the final 
period. as it scored three straight goals to 
make it a one-goal game. With about 
one minute remaining, Coach Gary 
AndreassipulledTritongoaltenderMike 
Teperson for a sixth attacker. 

The Tritons then put pressure in the 
Bulldogzone, but were unable to put the 
puck in the net. They 10 t. 5-4. 

On Sunday morning. the Tritons 
won the second half of the double-
header as they destroyed Fresno State, 
10-1. 

Erven ValleropacedtheTritonswith 
five points in the game. as he netted 
three goals and assisted on two others. 

The Tritons skated circles around 
the Bulldog defenders and appeared 10 
score at will. 

Using Paul McRae as goaltender. 
the Triton defense bottled up the Fresno 
State puc.khandlers. allowing just one 
goal. 

Center Leigh Hsu led all goal scar-
erswithfour, while winger lim McLeod 
added a goal and three assists. 

UCSD defenseman Eric Ranheim 
played a rremendous game, earning four 
points, all on assists. 

The win on Sunday coupled with the 
loss on Saturday gave the Tritons a 
9-5-1 record on the season. 

The Tritons will face the University 
of Southern California on Friday at 10 
p.m. at the San Diego Sports Arena. 

DOES THIS LOOK UKE FUN TO YOU? 
'. 

Well, then you may just 
have the right stuff to 
be a part of the 
Guardian sports staff. 
Stop by the office on 
the second floor of the 
Old Student Center to 
learn how you too can 
look as foolish as the 
guy in the picture. 

13 

Chili ~VA 
Bash 1ifIlIUjjI,§' :J{ome of tfie 'WorM's 

POSTPONED 
':rillcst gourmet Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
due to bad 8750 Genesee Costa Verde Cenrer 

weather (Ileal' Bookswr j 
• Monday-Thursday I> alll - Il pm 

forecast • Friday 6 am-midnight • Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sund.1Y 8 am- II pm 

RESCHEDULED r-------, 
DATE I $100 OFF I I I I Any Cappuccino, I TBA I I I Mocha, or I 

I Frosted Mocha I 
I I 

Ollt'l'nl '" I. mrt't ,°'/' J / <;111 
-------

r----------------------~ 

: ~1't1 Cfius 6TOl[p : 
: ~ Bar & Nightclub Tours S : 
I ~ Our deluxe 45 passenger video Party Bus takes I 

oil. ~ ... e' you to a number of San Diego's hottest .. ..co. . 
J l.,".. "Y..t-... J ~..., c,O NightClubs and between stops we keep partying h "'Y ~ 
J ~ '!I,.~ with the latest Videos . "~" iff//, I 
J Ci I 
J I 
I Come a/one, with a friend, or a group! I 
I The SAFE way to bar hop! I 
I {619J558-9060rorreselVatJOnS&lnfO J I I I 
, Also private parties, Greek events, etc. J 
------------------------

----:r::~n·UCSD ----
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~!7M~~~~~y* 
hp VII.N' 

Nol valId WIth 
any olher offer 

• $20 minimum purthase· wlthan 5 mile rad iUS of campus 

as always, 10% o~~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (i n th Halph's Center; 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open d a ll~' $ "'n-8 pm 



14 The D Guardian Thill' da ,Ft'bruary 25, 1993 

NTRAMU RAL PAGE 
UC SAN DIEGO 

Althouqh Mother Nature would rather us not have soccer this 
quarter, the TM Staff is willing to go against all odds to finish up this season, The plan is as fotlows: 
·Sat. Feb 27 will be THE make·up day for the games that were rained out on Sal Jan16, All games 
scheduled Jan 16 will be played same time, same place, same opponent on this Sat. Feb 27, 
·Re·schedule bmes available for teams WIShing to make-up rained out games (especially Sunday 
Leagues). Priority will be given to teams still in contention for playoffs. 

Saturday 2127 lOam Saturday 2127 4pm 
Sunday 2128 l1am Sunday 2128 lOam (only If l1am fills) 

Steps to scheduling a make-up game: 
I Call Stacie Sasaki at 534·7369 to 
confirm the times available. Games 
are scheduled on a first come. first 
served basis. 
II. Call the captain of the team you 
would like to reschedule With. Let him/ 
her know what times are available 
Have hlmiher call the rest of their team 
to make sure that times available are 

convenient for all involved. 
III. Call your own team to make sure 
time available IS convenient. 
IV. Call other captain to CONFIRM 
day Ime of make· up game 
V, Call Stacie ASAP to solidify your 
time slot and held. 
• ThiS process must be done at least 48 

hours in advance in order for the tM 
staff to contact referees and 
supervisors, 
,Playoff schedules Will be posted in 
Canyonview on Wednesday , March 
3rd. Playoff spots will be determined 
by a team's overalt record. Usually the 
top 3 teams from each league Will go 
to the playoffs . 

B OWLING One-Pitch 
P LAYOFF Softball 

The Tournament 
6weel 6ixteen 

Saturday-Sunday/February 27-28 
Last weekend's One'Pltch Coed Softball Tournament, post· 

Sunday, February 28, 1993 poned because of rain, will be resctleduled this weekend with 
the same teams plaYing at the same limes, same field (Muir Clairemont Bowl FI8Id).To refresh everyone's memory Saturday's first round 

9:00p.m. draw looks like I IS: 
Last weeks 

Place Lane Team Name score lOam I'm Batman vs. McGuiness 
Gtants 01 Science vs. Exploding Heads 

33 Menage A Ouad 2394 
llam Winners of lOam games 

2 34 She Enuff 2386 Losers of lOam games 

3 35 J.CrIlW PIu£ Two 2373 12 noon Balls and Bimbos VS, Fraternal Bliss 
Pirates VS. Peanuls and Crackerjack 

4 38 SIrIII Our Blll(cpt. louie) 2366 lpm Winners of 12 noon games 
5 11 X-Rltlld 2351 Losers of 12 noon games 

6 38 HooNoo SrIIe I 2344 2pm Line Drivers vs. Portola Sammles Squad vs. Bad Grant Proposals 7 38 Skip's ScrubI 2336 3pm Winners of 2pm games 
8 40 ~ and SM1e14Mr 2328 Losers of 2pm games 

9 41 Tequila ConnoiIeurI 2325 
4pm Milwaukee's Best II vs. Strawberry Swing 

Deep Drive vs, We'll Never Graduate 
10 42 No Spare Beer 2299 Spm Winners of 4pm games 

11 43 No Cheddar Please 2298 
Losers of 4pm games 

12 44 Porn House 2297 ONE· PITCH SOFTBALL PLAY·OFFS: Will b~ scheduted 
for Saturday·Sunday/March 5·6 in both Men's and Coed 

13 45 Three Finger Fun 2296 OlVisions. All Regular Season tournament qualifiers will 
included in the championship bracket. The tournament 

13 46 Fly TWA 2296 bracket will be posted Tuesday afternoon, March 2nd at the 

15 47 Gtn XN on O'Bus 2276 
Canyonview Recreation Office. 

16 48 Turkey Balls 2264 
Grapllles by T lIa EO« 

F LOOR H OCKEY 

• Playoff scheduleswill be posted in Canyonview 
on Thursday, March 4, after 1 pm 

• Playoffs will begin on Saturday, March 5. 

March Madness 
Hits Campus 
Basketball playoffs start March 7 

There are still a few league champi· 
ons to be crowned, but the regular 
season IS all but history. It's time to 
get ready for the second season. 

For some, playoff preparation 
means an extra practice or chalk talk. 
For others ij means buying your favor· 
Ite referee an extra tall 0001 one down 
at BJ·s. Whatever your routine. the 

big dance gets under way on Sun· 
day March 7. The gyms will be 
packed as every division will be play· 
ing on opening day, 

Tournament brackets will be 
posted on Wednesday March 3. 
Team captains should swing by 
Canyonview or call (534·4037) to 
get all the playoff information. 

CNN TOP 30 (as of 2124) 
Including Dick Vitale 's playoff handicaps 
rank/leam/rec. odds comment 
MEN'S AM 
1. Team Hornacek 5·1 4-1 Chokers. can't win the big one 
2. SAE6·0 9-2 OK, mce record, but against who? 
3. Old School 5-1 5-1 When school's In, can't be stopped 
4. Jeagermeistered 5-1 10,1 Always juiced up on 0 , enough D? 
5. Brass Monkey 6·0 20-1 Polished and ready 
MEN'SAA 
1. H·Acme 6-0 3-1 Finally ready to explode 
2. Circus Circus 5-0 7·2 This act is ready for the spollight 
3, A Jerk & A Squirt 6-0 4-1 Will score more with a little discipline 
4. Air Force One 6·0 15-1 Cleared for take-off to the top 
5. Inch Above the rest 5·0 20·1 How is that measured? 
MEN'SA 
I . Sweetness 6·0 5-1 Hoping not to go sour in playoffs 
2. Tuftmeisters 4-0 10·1 Famous for hanging on to the end 
3. Just Chummin' 6·0 12,1 10ssing up some ugly wins 
4. Cum on Jeffs Back 6-0 15-1 Hope they don 1 shoot too early 
5. Eggrolls II 6-0 20-1 Might have blue ribbon recipe 
MEN'S 5-10 
I . Knicks 5-0 4-1 Hoping to make Pat Riley proud 
2. TIme lor Som Aksion 4-0 . 8,1 Ya, it is 
3. Gravity·Bound 6-0 10-1 Who needs verticat anyhow? 
4. Lab Rats Revenge 4·1 15-1 Mutants starting to come together 
5. Lil1le Lopezers 3·1 50-1 Would need to come up big 
COED 
I . Lord Help Us 4-0 4-1 Relying on the sixth man 
2. No Handles 4-0 5-1 Who needs to put it on the floor? 
3. Stop or I'U Shoot 4-0 8-t Knocking 'em down so far 
4. Wyld Turkies 4-1 10-1 At home on the range 
5. Launching Pad's Back 5· t 15-1 Load 'em up and tight the fuse 
WOMEN'S 
1. Clueless 3·0 3-1 Starting to zero In 
2. We take Cash 3-1 5-1 Might want to give cash, to the refs 
3. TBA4·0 6·1 This is the team to beat 
4, Shake My Skirt 3·1 10,1 TIme to overhaul the wardrobe 
5. As You Wish 2·1 20-1 Dangerous attitude on the court 

BJ's 
v r-',," $ IIIDEO GALLERY 

Pizzeria 

TUESDAYS=UCSD BARGAIN DAYS 
Nt S 

I ~ ['l~'I:II] Its .. , ~ [€I SNEAKERS 
HONEYMOON IN VEGAS . COOL WORLD 

A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN 
Costa Verde Center near Soup Piazza Cannel, Del Mar near Vons 

Exchange 8750 Genessee . 4~1766 3880 Valley Centre Dr . • 792-9923 
Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-9 pm / Fri.-Sat. 11 am-lO pm 

WE ACCEPT COMPElTTORS' COUPONS 

;3J.~ 
1~1I11l" 

ANY 
LARGE PIllA 
Pk!ase ptf!S4.'111 cOll{xm when ordering. 
I'alldjordeiltt'ry, ca11)'O/ll or dine 111 . 
F.xp/rt!S Y III9J 

FREE CAMPUS DEWERY TO YOUR DOOR 
Sun 11 :30, am' 11 pm! M· Th 11 ~'11 pm 

Fn. & Sol .. 1 am·12 mid 

8 73 Villa Lalolla Dr, LaJolla Village Center 455.0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU tbe best! 


