
I 

Elsewhere 
UCU Hunger Sbtk. 
Ent .. I.co. ...... Week 
LOS ANGELES - Despite 
appeals to VCLA Chancellor 
Charles E. Young by parents of 
nine hunger strikers. campus 
officials and protesters remain 
stalemated. Inspired by the late 
Cesar Chavez, students and 
professors have joined together 
in an effon to persuade Young 
to change the currently inter-
disciplinary Chicano studies 
program to an independent 
depanment. As a result of the 
water-only hunger strike, two of 
the protesters were put under 
observation for faintness. Jorge 
Mancillas, the leader of the 
strike, said, "Our bodies are 
getting weaker, but our spirits 
are getting stronger." 

UC Davis Students 
Approv. Fee Hike 
DA VIS - With one of the 
highest voter turnouts in 
ASUCD history, 3,133 of 4,750 
students voters chose to increase 
fees by $34 per quarter, last 
Wednesday. 1)le self-tax was 
initiated by Students Supponing 
Athletics and allocates the funds 
raised to threatened student 
services such as Cowell Health 
Services, intercollegiate athletics 
and recreational services. Scott 
Brayton, author of the initiative, 
commented, "We're very 
happy. Especially since we 
unofficially set a record for high 
turnout." 

Davis Faculty Ratify 
Drop Deadlln. Change 
DA VIS - In a landslide vote 
last Thursday, faculty members 
at UC Davis approved a 10-day 
drop deadline and a 15-day add 
period for implementation in 
Fall of '93. Less than 50 percent 
of eligible faculty voted, but 63 
percent of those who did ratified 
the proposal. While the new 
changes will be effective Sept. I , 
the Registrar'S Office has 
requested that they not go into 
effect until Winter Quaner, as 
catalogues and schedules are 
already pre-printed with the 
previous deadlines. 

Inside 

FLICKS 
HIATUS: Dinosaurs and 
action heroes lead the 
summer movie rampage H1 

SPORTS: A look back at 
the athletic highlights of 
the past year 12 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .......... .... ........ .. 2 
CALVIN & HOBBES ...... .. .. .. .. .. 2 
OPINION .. .. ..... ... ........ .. .. ... .. . 4 
HIATUS ............ ................ . Hl 
SPORTS ........ .. .. .. .... .. .. .. .... .. 12 
CLASSmEDS .... .. .......... .. .... 14 

, H I u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO mURSDAY, JUNE 3,1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 20 

Co-ops, Watson Wrestle With Agreement 
MEMORANDUM: Co-ops will sign earlier document 
if an acceptable addendum can be hanunered 6ut 

the student groups involved will 
agree to Watson' s version of the 
proposed addendum. 

his terms," he said. 
The fact that there has been no 

written correspondence between the 
co-ops and the administration means 
that most of the information is based 
on rumors, Dubb added. 

By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

The co-ops are attempting to 
stave off a potential eviction by en-
tering into an agreement with the 
UCSD administration that resolves 
all but several minor differences 
between the two panies. 

Associated Students yesterday drew 
up an addendum based on Watson' s 
recommendations. 

According to A.S. President 
Carla Tesak, Watson rejected the 
students' addendum in favor of his 
own draft. Tesak, who heard 
Watson's proposal by phone, said 
that his version of the addendum 
will be similar to the one drawn up 
by students, but much simpler. 

However, GSA representative 
and Groundwork Books member 
Steve Dubb said he felt "things have 
gotten tremendously worse" because 
Watson's draft is so general that it 
essentially puts everything up for 
funher debate. 

According to Tesak, both drafts 
of the addendum stipulate that all 
changes to the memorandum which 
affect only student organizations are 
acceptable and that points of con-
tention between the student groups 
and the administration will be nego-
tiated over the summer. 

The co-ops agreed to sign the 
May 3 version of the Memorandum 
of Understanding if Vice Chancel-
lor of Undergraduate Affairs Jo-
seph Watson signs an acceptable 
addendum to the document. 

Watson could not be reached for 
comment. 

"We feel that if everything is 
open to negotiation, we' re no better 
off than when we started," said 
Dubb. "It looks like we' re going to 
have to fight an eviction." 

Dubb said that he was disap-
pointed because the students' draft 
of the addendum was based on 
Watson's terms. "Now, he changed 

The students' version of the ad-
dendum states that there will be no 
interference in co-op operations 
during the negotiations, which will The co-ops, the Graduate Stu-

dent Association (GSA) and the 

Tesak said that despite the al-
leged open-endedness of Watson's 
draft, she was very optimistic that 

ALL TIED UP 

DIIYid Cho/GlWdian 
Three students got wrapped up In dance practice on the steps of the Main Gym on Tuesday. 

Students Demand More Diverse TV Station 
By Brett Rhyne 
Senior Staff Writer 

A growing number of student groups have 
joined a coalition working to insure the presence 
of diverse student and community video on 
K35DG, the university's low-power television 
station. 

The groups are coordinating with University 
Community Members Seeking Diversity on 
Television (UCSD-TV), a student group char-
tered by the Associated Students. 

"We're glad these people have chosen to join 
us," said Third College senior Gene Chavira, a 
founding member ofUCSD-TV. "It shows that 
no matter what pan of the university community 
they come from, everybody wants to see student 
work on the campus television station." 

Students in UCSD-TV met with K3500 
Station Manager Mary Walshok, who is also 
Vice OlancellorofExtension Studies, and Media 
Center Director and K35DG Programming 
Advisory Panel Consultant Sherman George 
last Tuesday. 

TIle 75-minute meeting, held at the Exten-
sion offices, proved inconclusive. . 

"They got their points across, but we dido't 
get our points across," Chavira said. 

Added Warren College senior and UCSD-
TV member Rochell Bemsdorf, "It's just like 
the co-ops - students try to talk, but the admin-
istrators don't listen." 

UCSD-TV is proposing that student and 
community programming should be delegated 
the same amount of ainime as station manage-
ment billings. "If the management gets an 
hour, the students should get an hour," 
Bemsdorf said. 

The programming for the alternative airtime 
would be selected through a "curatorship" pro-
cess. Visual Arts graduate student Eloise DeLeon 
said this would allow "women to select the 
wornen's programming, Chicanos to select the 
Chicano programming,. students to select the 
student programming." 

At present, there are no minorities on the 
Programming Advisory Panel, K3500's gov-
erning body. TIlere is one graduate student and 
one undergraduate student representative on the 
13-member panel. 

See TV, Page 7 

See C()'()PS, Page 7 

Adtninistration 
Files Motion to 
Recover Fees 
UClB: Student advisory board 
approves action to recover $38,000 
from Burnett and his attorney 
By Chrts Jensen 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD administrators will go ahead with 
their plan to file a motion in San Diego County 
Superior Coun in an attempt to recover a ponion 
of the legal fees resulting from a lawsuit filed by 
former University Center Board CUCB) Chair 
Chris Burnett on behalf of the "disestablished" 
student facilities board. 

The action, which seeks to recover $38,000 
in legal fees from Burnett and the law firm that 
represented him in a series of hearings this 
spring, was approved by the University Centers 
Advisory Board (UCAB) in a straw poll last 
week. 

Barring successful legal action, the Office of 
Student Affairs will charge the cost of B umett , s 
suit to the UCAB, which was formed to replace 
the now-defunct VCB. 

The UC General Counsel had previously 
billed the cost of the suit to the Office of Student 
Affairs. 

The UCAB also approved a $2,500 alloca-
tion to pay the cost of filing the motion. 

'" feel this is a student-initiated lawsuit and 
students should pay for it," said Revelle College 
representative Rob Spector, explaining the rea-
soning behind the board's financial responsibil-
ity. for Burnett's legal actions. 

Spector added that students' reluctance to 
assume the burden of paying for the legal fees is 
"a perfect example" of why student government 
should not be granted autonomy. 

Although he suppons taking legal action to 
recover the money, UCAB Associated Students 
representative Mike Holmes said any expenses 
should be paid for by the UC General Counsel 
rather than the UCAB. 

''The A.S. doesn't have a big problem with 
going afterChris Bumett ... ," Holrnes said. ''They 
do have a problem [with] using student money 
to do that." 

Burnett maintains that the university, as a 
public institution, has no right to sue an indi-
vidual to recover legal fees. He cites a passage 

See SUIT, Page 11 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, JUDe 3, 1993 

KitcIIer Named DistilCUiIhed 
Professor of the Ya 

ETCETERA. • • 
FACUiJY: Philosophy professor honored by UCSD 
Alumni Association for superior teaching and research 
By IC8ren Chene 
Associate News Editor 

The UCSD Alumni Association 
will present the Distinguished Pro-
fessor of the Year Award to Phi-
losophy Professor Philip Kitcher. 
1be June 12 ceremony will recog-
nize Kitcher as an outstanding fac-
ulty member "[with] the ability to 
intellectually in-
spire and challenge 
students [and] a 
genuine interest in 
stimulating student 
growth through 
learning." 

"It was a com-
plete surprise. I'm 
thoroughly de-
lighted," Kitcher 
said. 

Kitcher has 

gram. 
"It's one of the most distin-

guished programs of its kind in the 
world," Kitcher said. 

In research, Kitcher has pub-
lished numerous works on the phi-
losophy of mathematics, biology 
and science. He has just completed 
a book titled The Advancement of 

Science, which 
deals with the com-
prehensive theory 
of scientific expla-
nation. 

"To put it 
plainly, Professor 
Kitcher walks on 
water," said Dean 
of Arts and Hu-
manities Stanley 
Chodorow in his 
nomination state-

"To put " plainly, 
Professor 

ment of Kitcher. 
"He is one of the 
finest teachers at 
UCSD at every 
levelofthecurricu-

KReher walks on 
wat.r. He Is one 
of the finest 
teachers at 
UCSD at .very 
lev.1 of tile 

- lum. Professor 

BRIEFLY ••• 

GlIlE.I\ ~ .. r. ~Il. ~ 
v.~. ~~RE. t.U. .)\)Sf 
Galt¥; ~ OlE. $,5 
'NE. \lI)I\ll' Of IDAAIW. 

"tJ))T \"'~R'S? 

• 

E""I~ 1$ NoT ~L't 
~It'(, I~ ~1kT\.ESS! 

~:~ N.l ~e.p, ~ 
~. "'01\\ItIIO W.~! 

\ 

~'L ... 

1109001 L\~$ \IS. 
• 9\G I>ICl\IRE-

I'fOP..£ . 
I 

made his mark at 
UCSD through 
both distinguished 
teaching and re-
search. He cur-
rently teaches in the 
Revelle Humani-
ties sequence and 
has received unani-
mous recommen-
dations in the 
CAPE. He also re-
cei ved the 1990 
Revelle College 
Outstanding 
Teacher award. 

According to 
Kitcher, the Revelle 
Humanities se-
quence is a chal-
lenging course for 
students. "It [fo-
cuses on] a fabu-
lous period, a great 
period in English 
litemture-Shake-
speare, Milton, 
Donne and wonder-

curriculum. 
Professor 
KRcher Is the 
'compleat' 
profeuor at the 
height of hi. 
eareer, and I 
can't think of 

Kitcher is the 
'compleat' profes-
sor at the height of 
his career, and I 
can't think of any-
one else who more 
deserves [this 
honor) than he." 

Kitcher said 
that he enjoys the 
teaching of under-
graduates and 
graduate students, 
as well as research. 

Hands On San Diego W~s SatumAward 

anyone else who 
mor.d ..... v .. 
[this honor] than 

"I like teaching 
at all levels. 
[UCSD) is a great 
place for teaching 
philosophy and sci-
ence studies. I re-
ally like teaching 
undergrads here be-
cause the students he." ful poetry," he said. 

"I think [the -Stanley Chodofow, are interested in 
course helps) stu- Dean of Arts and Humanities learning and are 
dents appreciate the very well moti-
richness of the language, and I vated. As [UCSD) is still in the 
greatly enjoy teaching that course. place of defining itself, it is a very 
I really feelit's a good introduction intellectual and exciting place," 
to have some students be [exposed] Kitcher said. 
to a wonderfully rich world they Kitcher received his B.A. at 
never suspected was there," added Christ's College in Cambridge Uni-
Kitcher, who has also instructed . versity in 1969, and a Ph.D_ in 
undergraduates in the Philosophy Philosophy at Princeton Univer-
Depanment. sity in 1974. He served two associ-

Hands On San Diego was named the 1993 Saturn 
Award winner at UCSD. The award, (»sponsored by 
UCSD and Satum Corporation, honors outstanding com-
munity service accomplishments by student teams. 

The third annual Hands On San Diego was a one-day 
community service event in which high school and 
college students, campus organizations and members 
of the IlOlH:ampus community joined together to ad-
dress the issues of homelessness and the envir~ 
ment. The event was <»Sponsored by Volunteer ConrleC-
tion: Community Service Commission and the Inter-
college Residents' Association. 

Annual Watennelon Drop Will 
Be Held at Urey Hall on FrIday 

The Watermelon Drop, a year~d tradition at Revelle 
College, will be held this Friday at noon. A Watermelon 
Queen and outgoing Revelle College Dean Ernie Mort will 
drop two watermelons from the sewnth floor of Urey 
Hall, trying to break velocity and splat records. 

After the event, watermelon will be served by the 
Revelle Progranvning Board to everyone who partic~ 
pates. The best view will be from the sidewalk in front of 

(. :~,.:'.: .. :.;)' 

Urey HaU. 

TIIr""'y Conference Looks 
At Multlpl ........ of Rag. 

"Rage Across the Disciplines," a three-<lay confer-
ence described as an interdisciplinary look at issues of 
uncontrollable anger, will be held at Cal State San 
Marcos beginning on June 10. The conference will 
address topics such as art,literature, women's issues, 
gay and lesbian issues and ethnicity, accordi~ to (» 
organizer Terry Allison, a professor at San Marcos. 

The fee for students is $20 for early registration and 
$25 on the day of conference. Regular registration Is 
$40 early and $50 at the conference. 

ERRATA 
In the May 27 issue of the Guardian, the article 

entitled ·UCAB Asked to Pay for Legal Defense" incor-
rectly reported that Chris Bumett was not a student this 
quarter. Burnett is enrolled as a part-time student. 

The Guardian 
weather '''PDrt 

Vlatertemp: 

Kitcher has supervised eight ate professorships at Vassar Col-
Ph.D. students and has been instru- lege and the University of Vermont 
mental in forming the Graduate before becoming a full professor at 
Interdisciplinary Science Studies the University of Minnesota. He 
Program, which focuses on his- joined the UCSD Philosophy De-
tory, philosophy and the sociology panment in July 1986. His current 
of science. He also assisted in se- work includes research on the sci-
curing a $1.5 million National Sci- entific implications of the human 
ence Foundation grant for the pro- genome project. 

Thura: 72·/62· FrI: 70·/60· Sat: 70·/60· Y.sterday: 79/60· 

lIIe U::SO~1s1M*l1lll ,....nlluldlrs ~1Ie adInc.".1II n forUle ..... 
rlUCSO. ~rI" ~ In .. form. whIIIWln IIIIaIt cr In..,. ..... ,."...." 
IIItCIy ~. C 19II3, ... _. "" u::so ~ IS not......,... for lilt """ It 

~"""""1II.11Ie_~lnflPlicsnlfpd""" __ dDnot 
nec:essarIr --' lie qtiIns rllIIe LCSO ~ lie ~ It CIIb!ia Of Ule_ 
SIuIIerQ. "" LCSO ~ ~ fII'IOId _lIIlMt1IIir'C-l«CIWiIId hilly people _ not_. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
BEN LAVINE, Associate Opinion Editor 

DAN McDOWEU., Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIII&, Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Features Editor 
GREGO WRENN, Sports Editor 

IINIOIt IT"'" WIInDS: Jenny Gal .... Dan Kt8uu. M8ttIMw RObinson. BIett 
RIIYnI. MlChMl SCflw8lU. Sllel)'l WOlCOtt 
.... WIInDS: a.necamu.o. Tent DIGWt. AIbert~. ~~. 
Bnly ....... Mel .... J8c0ba. o.ve Johnson. RodeIIcIc Lee. WIndy McNeIll. Thef8N 
MooIe. Jul. PIk. Jonn8 PIIm«. P.ut PIIIIpI. Jeff f'nIuCht. Ell' RIbInI. BIeIr Ridley. 
Karl Seul. RIIu Selena. are. SeeeI ........ J. Sherman. ~ SpiItII. GnlpySlephens 
I11III11 CONIULTANT: J8mes COllier 

EdItorIal: 5~.1IusIMa 0fIIce: 534-3<166. FlIx: 534-7891 
UCSD Q~ 9&00 Gilman DIM 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
__ : Second floor. ucso ~ CerUr IkIiIdIrC 'A' 

Thursday, June 3,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

City Lifeguards Face the Budget Axe 
ByKaren~ 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego City Lifeguard Association (SDCLA) 
expressed anger over City Manager Jack McGrory's 
proposed San Diego City budget for fiscal year 1994, 
which would cut safety services in an effort to save 
money. The 12 percem cut, which totals $638,000, will 
affect lifeguarding at all San Diego beaches, including 
La 10lla Shores, Black's Beach and Mission Bay. 

The San Diego lifeguards provide services such as 
rescues, emergency medical care, underwater search 
and recovery, public education, youth programs and 
law enforcement. SOCLA maimains that if the budget 
is passed, public safety will be severely compromised. 

Under McGrory's proposed budget some beaches 
will be left unguarded, and staff reductions would force 
guards to leave their observation decks unattended to 
give medical assistance. 

SDCLA representative and seasonal lifeguard Vicky 
Davidson said that cutting lifeguard funding will result 
in increased injuries and even deaths to San Diego 
beach goers. "On Tuesday, someonedrownedat DeAnza 
Cove because there currently is no weekday [1 ifeguard) 
staffing. [If the proposed budget is passed) this would 
happen more often," she said. 

Steven Haase, a supervising analyst with the city's 
Financial Managemem Department, concedes that the 
proposed budget will affect safety services. However, 
he contends that the effects of the cuts will not be severe 
enough to affect service to the public. "While there are 
cuts, they are not from essential services but from 
enhancements," Hasse said. 

Davidson disagreed, saying that she believes all 
lifeguard services are essential. "If you leave the tower 
to help someone who has cut [his) arm, [which is) non-
life-threatening, no one is watching the water, so it does 
jeopardize public safety," she said. 

According to Volume One of Policy Issues of the 
Budget, a public document which provides statistics on 
operational impact, cenain aspects of the lifeguard 
program will be cut back. One change cited is the 
elimination of a lifeguard from the evening shift patrol-
ling Mission Bay. This guard reports safety violations 

I 
LIfeCuard stations at local beaches may be emptier 
this summer If a propoeed budCet cut Is approved. 
of boaters and does not patrol the beaches. However, 
according to Davidson, boat patrolling lifeguards also 
engage in preventative safety. 

Haase said that a majority of staff during the spring, 
fall and winter seasons would be cut and summer 
staffing at Sail Bay near Mission Bay would be elimi-
nated. All staffing would be cut, from Black's Beach. 

Haase added that he does not believe that the effect 
of the cuts will be too exrreme. "[The SDCLA) is 
looking at a microview of the budget. We looked at the 
entire budget to prioritize this year. Really,.nothing was 
spared," he said 

Davidson urgesconcemed students to write letters to 
the City Council and sign petitions circulating through-
out the area "There are other ways to cut that won't 
jeopardize lives," she said. 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLUNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

~lDu@ ~@& U W@WD@W @®Ql][?&"3@ 
6y CO[UmDia ~view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicaled UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'~, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCA T EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and fonnula sheets. 
reading and wriling slUay guides, MeAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrillen by MCA T experts 

• REAL MCAT materials distributed to all enrolled students 
• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
" LOWER TUITION than other courses 

CLASSES BEOIN JUNE 26th 

Apparel Zone Outlet 

PRODUCTION, In collaboration with professor, of 
computerized multimedia course on physical 
chemistry for biochemists. Macintosh-based, using 
video compression for live action video, computer 
animation. Text and computer graphics for 
illustration of theory and experiments. 
Publication in chemistry journal expected. Looking 
for creative, smart, innovative and hard-working 
student, preferably with Macintosh computer and/ 
or video production experience, for summer and 
academic year. Pay commensurate with ability and 
experience. 

Send resume and grade sheet to: 
Prof. Kent R. Wilson, Dept, of Chemistry 0339, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0339. 

TROUBLED BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now Only $ 3 5 £~5 
RESUL TS GUARANTEED 

Call now 
457,2100 

Electrolysis • Waxing • Lash Penn • Tints-" 

SDSU 

Pre-Summer Sale 

All the names you know, 
at unbelievable prices. 
Tank Tops Regularly $14,99, Now $6,99 or 2 for $10, 

Jeans Regularly $38, Now $14,99 or 2 for $20. 
Shorts -Buy 1, get the second pair at 112 off 

(equal or lesser value), 
Name-Brand knit tops -$7,99 or 2 for $12, 

Miramlr 

- _._----, 

6663 EI Calon Blvd. 
. 410-4370 

Pacific Beach 
931 Gamel Avt. 

413-5150 

Escondido 
Escondido Promenade 

737-1167 
8250 Cimino S,nl. Fe 

450-3323 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Managlna Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

BEN LAVINE, Associate Opinion Editor 
TIle UCSD _Is publlahod twice • _ II the ~ of CeIWoml •• Son DieCO. Contents 018113. ______ 1111 ",*,",,_011111 _ .. _. _ .. not 

nec:euoriIy _ 01 the uc Boord 01 R ........ the ASUCSD. _ the _ ~ 118fI. 

Shelving the 10th C.npus 
Is a Sign of 1I11ngs to Come 

The .signing of the agreement hammered out last week by the 
A.S., the Graduate Student Association (GSA) and the co-ops is a 
momenttorememberat UCSD. With apologies to Winston Churchill, 
never have so many student leaders agreed on so much to benefit so 
many. The representatives from all three sides came together and 
negotiated. Some of the representatives may have come away with 
less than what they wanted, but overa1I, they put the interests of the 
student body first, and this is commendable. 

Panicularly commendable were the tactics of the new A.S. 
Council under the leadership of Carla Tesak. The new council is 
displaying a quality that has been absent for a long time - unity. 
GSA President Patrick Carroll put it best when he said, "The past 
week, the new A.S. Council demonstrated for the first time that 
students at UCSD can work together." 

Unfortunately, that's not the end of the story. Before the ink had 
finished drying on the revised Memorandum of Understanding, 
Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson said that 
he would not sign the new document, nor would he extend the May 
31 eviction deadline, citing a commitment to a previous agreement 
signed May 3. 

Looking to stave off extinction, the co-ops agreed to sign the May 
3 memorandum if Watson promised to sign an addendum written by 
the A.S., the GSA and the co-ops. Once again, Watson refused, 
opting to draft his own addendum, according to Tesak. At press time, 
the co-ops' status was still up in the air. 

The vice chancellor is well within his rights from a policies and 
procedures standpoint - he's following the letter of the law when 
it comes to negotiating. But as a matter of principle, what Watson is 
doing is maddening. Negotiations are a give-and-take process. The 
co-ops have done their pan - it's time for Watson and the 
administration to start cutting some slack. 

Watson is content to play the waiting game. He can sit back and 
let the A.S., GSA and co-ops bang their heads against the wall and 
then put the kabosh on any agreement that comes his way because 
he can afford to. Nobody will be evicting the administration any 
time soon. One can only infer that the administration is hoping to 
pressure the co-ops into an agreement that they may live to regret 
simply because the administration has the leverage to do so. This 
hardly seems like negotiating in good faith. 

If administrators have ever wondered why they get such a bum 
rap from the students,these negotiations should hopefully clue them 
in. When Watson uses the letter of the law to quash any serious 
attempt at autonomy or resolving a decade-long co-op crisis, 
students cannot seriously believe that the administration is looking 
out for their best interests - even worse, students begin to assume 
that the administration is out to get them, a belief not entirely without 
justification. 

It's likely that the co-ops will sign the May 3 agreement along 
with Watson's addendum - they simply have no other choice. But 
in the negotiations that will no doubt take place during the next few 
months, Watson should keep in mind that sometimes one has to give 
a little to reach a mutually beneficial agreement. And hopefully the 
same spirit of cooperation will stay with student government into the 
next year. 

Tlnnnbs Down to the UCAB 
and the Adminivatiorl. •• 

. .. for their misguided decision to sue Chris Burnett. Even though 
Burnett's lawsuit may be considered frivolous by some, he has a 
legal right to sue a state agency without fear of retribution. If Burnett 
really had no right to sue the university, he should not have had 
access to $38,000 of university money for his lawsuit in the first 
place. By taking legal action against Burnett, the university is clearly 
trying to harass him, thus opening itself up for further lawsuits. 

Such swift thinking is par for the course among administrators, 
but the student representatives on the University Center Advisory 
Board (UCAB) should know better. Happily supporting an admin-
istrative action to harass a fellow student is little more than pure 
idiocy. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 3,1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

WHY ARE ETHNIC GROUPS 
So QUICK TO DIS? 

COMNENTARY: The call for diversity in college cmriculwn must not compromise 
the uniVersity's ability to keep an open forum of discussion among all ethnic groups 

GREGORY 

I often wonder how students 
exit an institution like UCSO with 
enough common ground to enable 
them to function as infonned citi-
zens in a diverse society. The edu-
cational system here seems struc-
tured in such a way as to discour-
age forming bonds outside one's 
individual major, college or ethnic 
affiliation. 

own seJf-designed requirements; its own definition of 
what constitutes the "humanities. "In my (limited) expe-
rience, the writing courses often serve as little more than 
a platform for imposing the ideologies of the professors 
and T As that run them. 

Since UCSD draws many students from Southern 
California, and since the academic world has become a 
safe haven for "theoretical Nijinskys" who've been out of 
power the last 12 years, classroom dynamics can be 
bizarre. You get lots of collisions between left-leaning 

m:mEf!i I've never encountered another professors and students from arch-conservative families. student body where so many stu- Last fall, when I taught entering freshmen in the Muir dents seemed prematurely cyni- College Writing Program, we were given a reader in 
cal. I'm trying to decide whether which about 18 of the 20 articles were written by radical 
this is a byproduct ....... _ feminists, and required to enforce a code 

of geographical location, a sign of the times on "sexist language." I have no beef with 
(the decline of the American Empire and feminism as part of a larger context, butthe 
the California Dream), a reflection of the one·sided curriculum was divisive. Stu-
fragmented structure of the university it- dents tended to either agree uncritically 
self, my own projections, or all the above. with victimologists like Gloria Anzaldua 

'1 can't escape the feeling that there is a I believe that and bell hooks, or to attack them blindly. 
direct link between the fragmented visions The program seemed designed not to 
being produced on college campuses like a unlv..tty teach students to write and think critically 
ours, and the social diseases of a "quick to that gives so much as to write and think correctly. 
dis society" (re: Arrested Development). students no This was made clear to me when the pro-
Ournational discourse has largely degener-gram director refused to consider the idea 
ated into a disfest, in which people mainly COIIIIIIOII of putting Malcolm X in the reader because 
shout at each other from within the confmes _ana In which she feared students would merely attack 
of their own interest group. to black nationalism. Presumably, neitherthe 

In trying to make sense of my experi· COftII8'8 TAs nor the students couJd be trusted to 
ence here, I am forced to face how little of and debate think for themselves. 
this university I've been exposed to. This is their clrr.ant This spring I'm teaching departing se-
partly due to the consuming nature of the h18 stOi'Ies .... niors in a Communication Writing section. 
indoctrination to which fIrst-year grad stu- Our use of the computer bulletin board 
dents are subjected. But it is also a reflec- h.r...... "Caucus" for an exchange of opinions has 
tion ofUCSO's division into five relatively .... fall.d In a been a positive experience. But it has also 
self-contained colleges. made clear to me that many students are 

The obvious advantage of this arrange· very leaving school with their preconceptions 
ment is that it gives undergraduates more of fu ....... ntaI reinforced, rather than challenged. 
a "smalJcollege"feel, and potentially, more way. I'm not suggesting that we return to the 
individual attention. This would seem pref- old school in which all students are given 
erable to the alienating "sink or swim" approach of a big a foundation in the "classics." But I do believe that a 
university like UC Berkeley, where new students are university that gives students no common arena in which 
more or less treated like cattle. to compare and debate their different his-stories and her-

One of the major disadvantages is that there is no 
"center" to college life here - no common e}l;perience or 
course all students take that would give them at least 
minimal common reference points. The writing pr0-
grams should serve this function. But each college has its 

stories has failed in a very fundamental way. It may have 
provided limited job training, but it has provided almost 
no training in how to conflict with our own. If students 
don't learn at school to "disagree without being violently 

See STEPHENS, Page 6 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

IS STUDENT 
LOBBYING 
THAT 
EF'F'ECTIVE? 
COMMENTARY: What did 
the Education Crisis Carnival 
accomplish? Not much 
By Sam Bawadl 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

On May 13.400 UCSD students gathered at 
the "Education Crisis Carnival" to let Pete Wil· 
son know that they were not happy with his 
decision tocut more than$IOOmillion from the 
UC budget. Letters were written, phone calls 
were made, and a huge letter signed by the 
students was sent to Wilson - apparently in the 
hope that the governor would be inspired by the 
students' delermination and would allocate more 
money to the UC system. 

After all was said and done at the carnival, 
nothing has changed. The idea of sending a 
letter to Wilson in order to save the UC system 
is so patently infantile, so foreign to reality, that 
it is amazing to see a group of purportedly 
intelligent college students make fools of them· 
selves by asking Pete Wilson to "please do all 
you can to save the viability of California's 
human capital," as one student put it. 

In both cases, the sad truth is that the situa-
tion within the current system is hopeless. Writ· 
ing letters to politicians who will not answer 
them, much less read them, is a waste of time. 

The letters and phone calls to Wilson did not 
make any difference. If Wilson even heard 
about the carnival, his reaction probably consti-
tuted laughing at these students. who actually 
think that he cares about the future of the UC, or 
the future of California. The only future Pete 
Wilson (as well as members of the State legis-
lature) cares about is his own personal one. 

The decision-maker of the modem state is 
but a committee assigned to manage the affairs 
of the wealthy individuals and special interests 
who put him in power. This is obvious to anyone 
who realizes that the membe.rs of the UC Board 
of Regents are all appointed by the governor 
based on their contributions to the governor's 
campaign rather than their qualifications for the 
position (as detailed in Charles Schwartz's re-
port, "A Look at the UC Board of Regents"). 

Contrary to popular opinion, Wilson· is not 
accountable to the people of California. The fact 
that Wilson slashed funding to the UC system 
while simultaneously proposing to increase fund-
ing to the prison system is indicative of Wilson 's 
lack of interest in the state's future. As a matter 
offact, it is no mere coincidence that California 's 
political leaders are reluctant to adequately fund 
education: an ignorant populace is a politician's 
dream. It is futile for students to try to make 
small changes in a system when the system itself 
is the problem. 
, It is not a question of whether Wilson and the 

members of the Legislature think that the UC 
needs more funding than the state is willing to 
allocate. The proplem is that these politicians 
simply do not care about the University of 
California in particular and education in gen· 
eral, and the traditional idea that letter writing 
and lobbying can make a difference in our 
"democratic" government is blatantly false. 

CoIat:ra1'y to pop,'. 
hBeI, JeIUI __ nat 
write ... die OpIadall 

•• adan In die GtardIan 
-BUT· YOU CAN. 
t.tpar ......... ta .. 

b ( ani -1IftII3r'" tile 
~ ... Sl ... ned 

FaIL 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMIWENTARY: With SAAC's prc:mise of an intercultural center lDlfulfilled, tre UCAB's 
decision brings up further questions over UCSD's coounitment to people of coloc 

UCSD STILL· SEGREGATED 

GAYE 

JOHI1SIIn 

Score another point 
for Tommy Tucker, Jim 
Carruthers, and the rest 
of those in clw8e of this 
segregated institution 
we call UCSD. Tues-
day night, the Student 
Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC) 
went before the UCAB 
to fight for the cross-
cultural center, prom-
ised to them in 1984 by 
the committee which 
planned the layout of the 

Price Center itself. SAAC asked for a space 
allocation - the row of offices that cultural 
organizations presently occupy and Galleries 
A and B, to be used as a supportive space with 
affmnative action emphasis. They lost. 

In an institution in which there are less than 
50 African-Americans graduating Ihis quar-
ter, we can safely say we are losing low-
income students and people of color to fee 
increases and financial aid cuts. African-
Americans alone are far past the classification 
of endangered species on this campus. We 
need this center to contribute to the retention 
of students on campus. A board who cannot 
see that is not ignorant: it is completely cogni· 
zant of the fact that there is a link between a 
comfortable environment and retention. No, 
this is not what we call ignorance. We call it 
a lack of concern, minimal respect, and a 
blatant disregard for the needs of students -
and people in general - of color. 

SAAC was part of the original planning 
committee of the University Center - now 
Price Center - in 1984. In its planning, 
SAAC was promised a lockable office with a 
conference room in order to create a cross-
cultural center. When the time came to solicit 

In .. lnetitutlon In wbIcII 
............ a...fIfty 
AfIIcan AIMIkaIs graduating 
this ......... , we can safely 
say we .. IoIIng low Income 
students .... people of color 
to fee Incra ....... fla..cIaI 
aid cuts. AfItcan Amertcans 
alone .. ,.. ... the 
cIassIfIcaIIon of endang .... 
specI .. on this campus. We 
need tills center _ a 
CGllblbutor In the retention of 
students on campus. 
donations, the planning committee used the 
promised allocation of space to secure monies 
from sympathetic corporations and private 
donations. 

Presently, there is no cross-cultural center 
to speak of in the Price Center. Indeed, Price 
Center represents the epitome of ~igh school 
clickishness and institutionalized segregation: 
most people of color say that they do not 
frequent the Pric~ Center because there is no 
place forthem there. Greek life abounds in the 
Price Center, and it is not felt by most students 
of color to be a welcoming environment. 

Tuesday night's decision was a proverbial 
spitting by the administration, and some stu-
dents, in the face of the crisis confronting 
students of color on this carnpus. SAAC did 

get something: it will now have the power to 
allocate the row of offices already occupied by 
cultural organizations and have priority book-
ing status for Gallery B. What SAAC got was 
a crumb, while those interested in maintaining 
this university with an embarrassingly IQw 
number of students of color feast on the rest of 
a big white cake. 

This is a situation that is not particularly 
surprising, although my eyebrows rose when 
I heard the final verdict. What did surprise me 
was the blatancy of the message: retaining 
students of color is not a priorily -even much 
of a concern - on this campus. 

What is needed, aside from academic sup-
port, is a validation of our rights to be here as 
legitimate and contributing members of soci· 
ety. But iI's all falling down around us when 
we need it most desperately. 

The end of the co-ops marks the end of 
student input, the most powerful and essential 
force in student interests. I have the utmost 
respect for those who have kept the fight going 
this long. They have truly set an example for 
social movement. I only regret that this sorry 
administration has no respect for the most 
important part of a university - its students. 

If you cannot see the message being sent 
out to students of color by the denial of a space 
for a cross-cultural center, you are not only 
kidding yourself, you are positively oblivious. 
It takes a lot to graduate from here - espe· 
cially if you're a student of color, and the less 
support we get, the less visible our faces 
become. 

There are three kinds of people in the 
context of the retention of students of color 
and the support of diversity on this campus: 

I) Those doing what they can to keep us 
here, 2) Those contributing to the extinction of 
students of color in higher education, and 3) 

See JOHNSON, Page 6 

PROFESSOR RESPONDS TO CHARGES OF RACIAL INSENSITMTY 
Editor: 

I have been urged to write this letter by 
Carol, Rita, SeungCha,and Sherise, who have 
recently founded an organization called Sis-
terhood Across the Waves - A Feminist 
Asian-American Political Collective. These 
women have kindly brought to my attention 
that I may have hurt the feelings of a female 
Asian-American student in a class I taught last 
fall. We cannot be certain that this is so, 
because none of these women were in my class 
and, unfortunately, they have not been able to 
identify the student whose feelings they say [ 
have hurt. 

As one who admires the American Consti-
tution and its protections, I am adverse to 
accepting hearsay evidence. However, as a 
good teacher,l have always thought it impor· 
tant to respond to feedback, even when it is 
secondhand. Apparently there are two things 
I said which distressed Sisterhood Across the 
Waves. First, because I could not hear the 
female student, I urged her to speak louder and 
not be "demure." (I did so in an effort to 
combat a stereotype of female passivity that I 
had read about while doing research on tradi-
tional Asian-American cultures.) Sisterhood 
Across the Waves acknowledges lhat I was 
trying to combat this stereotype, but they feel 
that I may have inadvertently supported it 
instead. If this is so, I am truly sorry. Second, 
because my wife was ill, I asked an Asian· 
American student if she could recommend an 
acupuncturist. Sisterhood Across the Waves 
feels that by addressing this question to an 
Asian-American, rather than a Euro-Ameri-
can, I was supporting another stereotype; rather, 
I wanted, as quickly as possible, to find some-
one who could help my wife. 

In my 19 years at UCSO f have taught 
perhaps 10,000 students; my teaching has 

READERS' 

FORUM 
"'" GuoodiIr1_ /oUe's tam IIa Ie""' ..... _/hit tWlllo 
e<rr 1br",.",1IId CIInIY. Send II -.. to: 

TheGulodon 
0p/njM~ 

9500 _ Dr. 0316 
LllJoh. CI 9209:w316 

earned very high CAPE ratings and a teaching 
award. I take my teaching very seriously, and 
I am distressed by the thought that I may have 
hurt someone's feelings. A good teacher not 
only teaches, but learns as well. I have leamed 
a great deal from two meetings with Sister-
hood Across the Waves (and one meeting with 
Jason, who was in my Fall class but unfonu· 
nately could also not identify the students 
whose feelings I may have hurt). lam grateful 
to Sisterhood Across the Waves and to Jason 
for providing me· with an opportunity to learn, 
and I am confident that my teaching will 
improve because of it. 

David P. PhilUps, Ph.D, 
Professor of Sociology 

See June new indicator for SA.w.'s response. 
StIIdanta AcIdr.- Wabon 
Editor, 

On May 28,1993, theA.S. approved unani-
mously a Memorandum of Understanding 

would set policy guidelines enabling the co-
ops to remain at UCSO while providing safe· 
guards to ensure co-op accountability. 

For those of you who are not familiar wilh 
the document, the Memorandum of Under· 
standing would require that the A.S. and GSA 
assume residual liability for co-op operations 
and act as a guarantor of sound co-op financial 
practices. An oversight committee would reo 
view co-op financial statements and certify 
annually that the co-ops are fulfilling theirend 
of the agreement. [n this manner, the co-ops 
could continue to offer the services they have 
provided to the UCSDcommunityfor 18 years 
while retaining their independence, which 
makes them a unique educational resource. 

Back in October, Assistant Vice Chancel-
lor of Student Affairs Tom Tucker stated in a 
letter to the UCSD Guardian, ''The adminis-
tration should not assume any oversight re-
sponsibility for co·op operations." Rather, 
Tucker suggested that the UCSD student gov-
ernment have that responsibility. 

Those of you who have been following the 
. negotialions know that the co-ops a student 

government have nol always seen eye to eye, 
but we have come to an arrangement thai we 
believe can work to the benefit of all. It is time 
for the administralion to honor its commit-
ment and enable the establishment of a respon· 
sible and peaceful coexistance among stu-
dents and administrators at UCSD. 

If you agree, please caIl Dr. Watson at 534-
4370 and let them know that you support 
UCSD's co-ops and want to be able to con-
tinuetooperateoncampusandthatyoustrongly 
oppose the eviction of the co-ops. Thank you. 

Carla Tesak, President, A.S, 
Patrick Carroll, President, GSA 

Chloe Burke, Representative, UCSD 
Student Co-op Legal Committee 



6 OPINION 

, 
•• 

A Conference, June 10-12, 1993 at 
California State University, San Marcos 

Performances Include Carla Kirkwood's MWI: Many Women 
Involved, June 10, 9 p.m. and Jane Shepard's A Rage of 
Chaos, June 11,8 p.m., as well as photography, computer 
art and poetry! performance pieces. 

Panels include: 
1000 Years of Rege: Uterary torture, celibacy, sorrow 

ConsumeRage: Getting too little or the wrong kind 
OutRageous Jobs: Police and ProstiMion 

The Sound of Rage 
EthnoRegel 

The UCSD Guardimt 

STEPHENS: 
What's the endgame to 
this academic apartheid? 
ContInued from .... 4 
disagreeable," as Martin Luther King 
once said, then where will they learn? 

In the absence of a common cur-
ricuJwn, divisive ideologies and ra-
cial configurations step in to provide 
a more exclusive experience of com-
monaIity. At UCLA, six students and 
Professor Jorge Mancillas, a UCSD 
alumnus, are threatening to starve 
themselves to death unless the admin-
istration agrees to create an indepen-
dent Oticano Studies depantnenL 
Theirbanners accuse UCLA of "gen0-
cide." Since Chicanos are a tiny frac-
tion of the Latino population, should 
their departmental Stalu$ be followed 
with programs in Guatemalan, Puerto 
Rican, and Dominican studies? Will 
we be required to found a new hybrid 
degree program for black Cubans or 
Asian Latinos? 

Up at Berkeley. the "Ethnic Stud-
ies" Department is also crying "geno-
cide" because the administration 
won 't give them divisional status. At 
the University of North Carolina. stu-
dent athletes are threatening a boycott 
unless the school consttucts a "Black 
Cultural Center." At other schools, 
demands are being made for the cre-
ation of a "Gay and Lesbian Studies" 
degree. 

What 's the endgame of this aca-
demic apartheid. I wonder? If I put a 
gun to my head, will the university 
build a Transvestites' Nude Sunbath-
ing Center? 

Don't get me wrong, I find the 
. exploration of our differences quite a 

riot. I only wish we would be slower 
to dis and cuss those who disagree 
with us and quiclcer to discuss the 
common interests underlying those 
differences. I wish we'd pay as much 
attention to our civic responsibilities 
as our individual and group rights. I 
wish you the best ofluck this summer. 
Peace out. 

Thunday, June 3, 1993 

JOIINSON:A 
raw deal for SAAC 
ContInued from .... 5 
Those who don't know which cat-
egory they belong in, which puts them 
in category 2. 

"Shout outs" to all the students of 
color graduating this year, and to any-
one who has had half the struggle they 
did getting through this exclusive in-
stitution. A lot of them wouldn't have 
made it through without the support 
of staff and faculty committedtokeep-
ing them here. We need more role 
models like them. 

'The struggle for them, as we can 
see, is not over. Society at large is 
racist, sexist, homophobic, and preju-
diced in every way. 

Well,there'salwaysagoodsideto 
the bad - at least graduates can say 
that their stay at this university, thanks 
to token administration and question-
able leadership, has been a pretty ac-
curate depiction of what lies ahead. 

For more information on RAGE-istration, please contact: 
Terry Allison and Renee Curry 

Registration - Thurs. June 10th, 3-5 p.m. 
Students $25 I Faculty $50 

(619) 752-4358 

linD one 1III16a. this IlteS.ap, Gaen 
wily an you nadl'ICIt1 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MCAT. ] 5 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a si tuation like this? 

Hyperlearning offers 
the most intensive 
MCA T prepara-
tion course avail-
able. We work 
hard to make sure 
you get the most fo r 
your dollar. The most hours, 
the most motivating environ-
ment, the most current material, and 
the most'qualifi ed instructors avai lable. 

skills. In addition to these tests, we work through MCAT 
passages every time the class meets. Nothing you encounter 

on the MCAT should be a surprise. 

Rigorous writil1!J sam~e work 
Youll write fourteen half-hour essays. While this 

program typically improves scores dramatical-
ly, some students need more help. We've 

designed one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for students who still have 

concerns about this important subscore. 

Ht'lp with !be appliuuoD prlKess 
We won't abandon you after the 
MCAT. We have in terview and 

The loogfSt IDOSt complete, and IIIOst intensive MCAT (OUlle available 

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medical schools. We 
have the AMCAS application 
template on our Macintoshes· 
so you can work on your appli-

cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than 150 total hours. No wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Convenient classrooms and times to fit .your schedule. 

you can laser print the fmal version 
on our system and send it off. 

WI' dfSign and re-dt'sign our MeAT course for JOU • We help you re-Iearn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and ve.rbal material 
youll need to get a winning MeAT score. 

SPt'cializtd instructors who are experts in their field 

All of our materials are subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 

• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-
cialized instructors. 

• All instructors have earned at least a 
Master's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MCAT diagnostics to focus ,our elJorts. rigbt frOlll tbe start 
Youll take two computerized diagnostic tests in addi-

and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills 
demanded by the new format MCAT. We now offer 1600 

pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
pra~tice questions and MCAT-style passages. 

Any questions? 
Just give us a call at 

800- 843-4973. 
tion to the two full-length MCATs we administer. Taking Wel1 make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the first diagnos tic test early in the course will al ert you and your 
instructors to your weak areas in both science knowledge and test-taking 

WHEN IT'S TIME TO GET SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST."" 
At UCI, UCLA, UCSD, UCR, and now, UC Berkeley • 8OO-MD-BOUND 

Advertise in the Guardian 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458-1950 

8440 Easlgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

SI'UD£NI' SP£C'A'S 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

• All sizes available 

• Reserve early & avoid 
LAST DAY RUSH! 

• Bank cards accepted 

• Secure gate access 
• TV monitori ng 

• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., 
7 days a week 

• CLOSE TO UCSD 

We'lI ship it all to and from school. We'll pack it. 
crate it, carton it, and ship it anywhere in the World. 

I'AKAMIL.~ 
CENTERS OF AMERICA 

8895 Towne Centre Dry Suite 165 
ill tile RnlIIituJrce r_ Cntrt, l.4I '011. I. NOIEI. l1li. 
Phone 4I7·15H Fu 417 .... ... 

Thunday, June 3,1993 

CO-OPS: Three 
points of contention will 
be negotiated later 
ContInued from .... 1 
extend no later than Oct. 31, 1993. 

''The [addendum] isasafeguard." 
said Tesak. "It lets the co-ops feel 
secure enough to sign the docu-
ment." 

Food Co-op member Joe Schear 
said the co-ops will sign the May 3 
memorandum only "with the un-
derstanding that there will be fur-
ther negotiation" between the ad-
ministration and the co-ops. 

However, Schear added that 
some co-op members are wary of 
the fact that Watson insisted the co-
ops sign the memorandum before 
negotiating its terms. "It's a huge 
concession on our part," he said. 

Groundwork Books member 
Chloe Burke said that there are three 
major differences between the May 
3 memorandum and the version pre-
pared last Friday by the students 
which Watson rejected. If an agree-
ment is to be reached, these specific 
differences must be negotiated dur-
ing the summer. 

The first difference is a matter 

TV: Students want 
more diverse programs 
ContInued from page 1 

Four of the members are 
empaneled to represent theconunu-
nity. Panel representatives include 
media representatives from organi-
zations such as KNSD channel 35 
and the San Diego Union Tribune. 

" In an area with such an abun-
dance of cultural diversity," said 
DeLeon, " it is unconscionable that 
the university television station 
would have no people of color on its 
representative board." 

Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) President Patrick Canoll has 
been vocal in condemning K35DG 
for its lack of diversity and has sent 
memos to each member of the Pro-
granuning Advisory Panel. "You 
can't havea university television sta-
tion without including students and 

of terminology. The preamble of 
the May 3 agreement says the 
UCSD administration will "del-
egate authority" over the co-ops to 
the students. 

According to Burke, this word-
ing would allow the administration 
to re-assume authority over the co-
ops at will. The term "grant respon-
sibility" is preferred by the co-ops 
and would indicate that control of 
the co-ops truly lies in the hands of 
the students, she said. 

The second issue that must be 
worked out contains contract re-
newal options. According to Burke, 
there are "no real renewal criteria" 
for co-op contracts. 

Co-op members said they want 
to be assured that if the student-lUn 
businesses follow the te.rms of their 
contract, it will be renewed. 

"We want to ensure long-terrn 
security ,to said General Store Co-op 
member Josh Hall. 

The third main point of conten-
tion between the co-ops and the 
university regards a co-op fear that 
the administration could terrninate 
their lease if the Internal Revenue 
Service does not grant the co-ops 
tax-exempt status. 

U nderthecurrent agreement, the 

people of color," Canoll said 
Other low-power television sta-

tions have had their licenses revoked 
by the Federal Communications 
Commission (FCC) for failing (0 
serve their conununities. "We may 
all have to stan writing letters to the 
FCC," Bemsdorf said. 

The lack of diversity also opens 
K35DG to lawsuits, Chavira said 

Currently, K35DG presents pro-
gramming for six hours a day. In 
addition to airing student video, 
UCSD-TV has also proposed that 
K35DG air campus radio station 
KSDT when it is not airing any 
video. KSDT can be heard on cable 
and in a narrow broadcast radius. 

"We think broadcasting KSDT 
on the TV station is a great idea," 
said KSDT General Manager Craig 
Elsten. "But it has to be pan of an 
overall effort to get student work-
both radio and video - on the sta-

CHILL OUT THIS SUMMER 
~"CIf8heatina up around your house this surnnw, whY. 
notvacation attheDeOch? AtOokwood~1n Pacific 
Beach you can keep cool by the pool, In the sand, or 
sImpIv enjoy the cofnfortofyourfullv-fumished aportment. 
In addition, Ookwood offers a fu'~oIplanned octMIies 
designed to help you make the most Ofyoursummer vacation. 
o WoIdngdistoncetothebeoch 
o Resortstyle pool and spa 
o State-of-tlMHrtfilness canter 
a Ughted~courts 
o On-siletannispro&frae lessons 
o Prasandvolaybolcourts 
o ActMtIesdlrector offering 0 wide 

. a:ofsodal eventJ Including pool 
sportstoumomellls" 

rbecues, and more 

~. 
Pacific Beach 

APTS 
FROM 
$699 

Call Toll Free . 
800-866-2401 

TheNcn 40 oaIcwood 
localion, nationwide. 
And.1hrough our 
afIIatM CoI'poraN 
HaulIng NItworIc, we 
can CII langefor 
twnporarylodglngs In 
morethan l00cilles 
throughouttheU.s. 

AdwInced,..watIoI. 
r.qulred .. to Imhd 
CMJIabay. No other 
dIKounIaortnc. ... 
honoredwlhtilofllr. 

ModIItopen clair, , .... cal 

The UCSD Guardian 

co-ops must be tax exempt. 1be co-
ops insist that non-profit status 
should be sufficient. 

Burlce said she felt this issue will 
be the easiest to resolve because the 
administration agrees with the basic 
idea, but disagrees with the wording 
of the section. 

Co-op members said that the 
three points, while imponant, are 
not set in stone and could probably 
be woJ:ked out in a few hours if 
everything goes well. 

Because Watson agreed to allow 
any changes that don' t affect the 
administration, points of contention 
between the student groups will be 
easily resolved, according to Burlce. 

"We really have most of the 
hassles taken care of," she said "The 
[points between the student groups] 
impacted us the most seriously." 

Dubb said that the success of the 
agreement, if it should occur, de-
pends on the administration 's will-
ingness to negotiate in good faith. 

"We're hoping this will be the 
beginning of a new, productive rela-
tionship with the administration," 
said Dubb. He, however, empha-
sized that Watson's current draft of 
the addendum, as he understands it, 
is unacceptable. 

tion. We completely support the ef-
forts of the students in UCSD-TV." 

If allowed to paniciprue in pro-
gramming,UCSD-lV wouldairwork 
that is diversity-oriented. "Not only 
are we offering them the kiOOs of 
programming they're not showing 
now. We're offering them program-
ming they don't even have access to," 
said Fifth College senior and UCSD-
TV member Amy Shuba. 

The students in UCSD-TV will 
work through the summer to get 
student programming on the air by 
Fall quarter, continuillg to meet at 9 
a.m. at the Ch6 Cafe, Chavira said. 

''The station 'sofficial opening is 
in the fall ," said Bemsdorf. "We're 
sure everyone involved would like 
to present the best face possible: ' 

"We just happen to think the best 
face possible is a student face, not a 
white station manager's face," added 
Chavira. 

~:'?8K$13* 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese can; only. ~_ 
.... pIup, Nt tIrI*IC. scope 
...... , ..., hood cIIeck. 
v .... 8- 1>'"1....-. plOIinum PIICI-. 

from 
Brake Special * $80 
ca D Auto C •• 
Mon • .frl. 7 ~ pm, Sat. &-5 
eeeo Miramar Rd., ...... C 

(behind GoodJNr) 
, SIn .,..,0, CA 92121 
(81') 118-2438 

• most cars 

"Give thanks unto the 
Lord" Psalm 105: 1 

NEWS 7 

From 3-6 pm M~ through 
Friday with student ID It h 
Two complel. dinners for only 
$9.90 with student ID 
Good thru 6/30/93 faot 112 

OLD TOWN,SAN DIEGO • 298·0133 

We package It and ship It, tool 
Call the moving company to 
move a whole houseful of 
furniture. Call us when tM job'. 
too small for tMm. 

• Insured 
• Pickup service I free estimates 
• Tape boxes, packing materials and 

more for do it yourselfers 

• We ship anything from 1 to 1,000 
Ibs.-a single piece to a roomful 
offumiture 

• Professional, custom crating and 
packaging 

.. -iIOiDII fi~OPe . 
.. SIft , tin. COfWttMIM* otoftutoflal WI, ' 

792·2299 
IN DEL lIAR 12750 Carmel Country Road., Sle. 113 

San Diego, CA 92130 
150 0 STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Chi Omega Congratulates 
1993 Graduates 

Dina Allison Sandy Eisenrod 
Brandl AndersDn Shannon Gorman 
Susan Byrne Jennifer Grange 
Jenlfer Cain Karen Haldeman 
Carolyn Carpenter Cristina Jorge 
Nanci Carter liz Karkus 
Andrea Combs Kim Langhammer 
Helen Edelstein Stacy Llttm an 
Rachel Edmundson Catherine Moore 

XQ 
Tanya Munnecke 
Michelle Nicosia 

Catherine Orndorf 
Rachel Schmidt 
Gilly Sebestyen 

Nicole Shidler 
Marla Stallings 
Sherry Wulfert 

Good Luck and Best wishes! Rho Beta! 

US D 
L VIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$'9 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 7CYs, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN. MIUTARY. TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN 6EACH 1...____ M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 3,1993 

at the 

J4·60ur 
Study 

'ounge 
June 6th to June 1 fth, 1 993 

Open all day and all night 
Study Lounge Hours will begin Sunday, June 6 in the 

Price Center Library Lounge and adjoining 
conference rooms. Free coffee and snacks will be provided 

from 12 midni9ht to 6 a.m. The Gameroom will also be 
open till 2 a.m. during the same period. 

Looks like a 
Vivarin night. 

It's 10 PM. You've crammed for finals 
all week. Took two today. And 

now you've got to pack an entire 
5el!'ester's worth of Philosophy into 

one take-home exam, in one night. 
But how do you stay awake when 

you're totally wiped? Revive 
with Vivarin. Safe as coffee, 

Vivarin helps keep you awake 
and mentally alert for hours. 

So when you have pen in 
hand, but sleep on the brain, 

make it a Vivarin night! 

'~=~ BIOSCIENCE -OPPOR IN THE NINETIES" 
CONFERENCE 

SATURDAY. OCTOBER 16,1993 

Sponsored by the Association of Women in Science and 
UCSD CONNECT, this one day conference will focus on 
career options for women interested in biotechnology 
and related fields. Women scientists and professionals 
in all areas of bioscience -- bench researchers to senior 
managers -- will share their insights on how to succeed -
in this exciting new industry. Special emphasis will be 
placed on career paths and career transitions; from 
academia to industry; from other industries into 
biotechnology; and from the bench to non-research 
positions. 

For additional program information, please call (619) 
793-3537. 

SAVE MONEY by becommg a conference volunteer. 
Students who call by July 1 will receive a reduced 
registration fee and a free "I SUPPORT WOMEN m 
SCIENCE" button. 

Auoclatlon for Women in Sdc-ncc 

IJWIS 

Thunday, June 3,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Working out can cost you an arm and a leg. 
So why pay through the nose for your shoes? 

For competitive prices on top-name athletic footwear, visit Nordstrom. 
A standout example : this Nike-Air® 'Pace' cross trainer, which will run you just 
79.95 a pair. With lightweight leather/synthetic upper and adjustable arch strap. 

White/teal/black, 6V2-12,13,14m. In Men's Shoes_ 

IF YOU SHOULD EVER FIND ONE OF OUR ITEMS PRICED LOWER AT ANOTHER 
STORE, JUST LET US KNOW-WE'LL GLADLY BEAT THAT PRICE. 

Unlvenily Towne Centre. i57-i575; HOrlon Plaza. 239-1700; Fashion Valley, 295-iH I; North County Fair. HO·0170. Shop special hours today 9:00 a.m.- 9:30 p.m., 
Friday 10:00 • . m.- 9:30 p.m., Saturday 10:00 • . m.-8:00 p.m .• Sunday 10:00 a.m.- 7:oo p.m. 

9 



10 

•• keItEasy 
With Ryder. 

The UCSD Guardian 

&.. 

Now you can take all your stuff home without overstuffing it. Just rent a 
Ryder truck and it' easy. 

Ryder trucks have plen ty of cargo space, so they're easy to load . 
And with power steering, air conditioning, and AMlFM tereo , they're 
fun to drive. There' even a Ryder dealer d o e to campus, so choo ing 
the right truck and getting all the help you need is easy too. 

Plus, Ryder makes it ea y to av money with speciaJ di count ju t 
for student . 0 top cramming and tart saving. Call your local Ryder 
dealer today and take the ea y way out. 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

• 

Check Mite Pages 
lor location nearest you. 

------------------------------------------------------ ----------------

OFF 
On.Way Rental 

OFF 
Local Rental 

START SAVING. 
Take this coupon to your authorized Ryder dealer. It entitles you to a 
825 discount on a One Way Rental or a 10 discount on a Local R ntal. II'nJER 

We',.. there when you need us." 

UCSD GUARDIAN. ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • JUNE 3,1993 



HIATIlS 2 

Clannad's Gaelic 
Music Finds Audience 

C lannad. which opens its United States tour tonight at Copley Symphony 
Hall. plays powerful. 

spiritual and soulful music. Because 
the group includes a pair of musi-
cally-talented siblings, it is not dif-
ficult to understand why' the band 
has created such intense music. 

Clannad consists of Maire and 
Ciaran Brennan and their twin 
uncles, Padraig and Noel Duggan. 
This evening they will be joined on 
stage by six other members, includ-
ing one of their younger sisters. All 
of the band members have been 
playing music since childhood.1be 
Brennans' mother is amusic teacher, 
and their father used to play in a 
showband and still entertains in his 
own pub in Northern Ireland. As a 
band, Oannad has been playing its 
own brand of Irish music for over 
two decades. 

Recently, vocalist Maire and 
double bassist Ciaran spoke of the 
evolution of the Oannad sound and 
what to expect in this evening's 
show. Their recorded music sounds 
as if it would be incredibly difficult 
to perform live, but Maire insists 
this is not the case. 

"I think wecan [capture the sound 
of the records) onstage. We tl)' and 
give as much of the 20 years' re-
cording in the hour and 45 minutes. 
We start off vel)' much with the 
acoustic side of Clannad and then 
pick it up with all 10 members." 

Although Clannad enjoys fame 
in Europe, it is the Brennans' 
younger sister, Enya, who has gar-

nered the attention in this countl)'. 
Enya performedon two ofOannad' s 
albums before she went solo. 

However, the times seem to be 
changing for Oannad, largely due 
to a Volkswagen Passat commer-
cial which features its 1982 song, 
"Hafl)"s Game." Sung in Gaelic, 
the piece sends shivers down one's 
spine with its mournful, soaring 
vocals. U2 used "Harry's Game" as 
the exit music for its live perfor-
mances in the mid-'80s, and the 
song was also featured in the film 
Patriot Games. 

"They [Volkswagen] did a vel)' 
tasteful job, without much talking 
and just the music caTl)'ing it," 
Ciaran said. "We didn't think it 
would be a commercial foracarthat 
would crack a larger audience. In 
fact, we'd given up on [America 
listening]. Who would have 
thought?" 

"We were totally overcome by 
the reaction of the general public. It 
was the people ringing up the 800 
number that created the buzz. 1bey 
did it, and it's great that people 
wanted to hear that kind of music," 
Maire added. "For a band that finds 
it difficult to be sloned in on any 
kind of radio, to be able to be heard 
is brilliant." 

Perhaps the other song that 
C1annad is best known for is a col-
laborative effort with U2's Bono 
from Clannad's 1986 album, 
Macal/a, entitled "In A Lifetime." 

"I think most, if not all, of the 
collaborations we've done have 
been very spontaneous. We were 

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW INmATES OF 

ALPHA KAPPA PSI 
Thomas Babcock 
Brian Dulac 
Brook Falkenstein 
Faith Ann Franke 
Carisa Frobose 
Greg Hermanski 
Warren Ho 
John Hoffman 

OR: 

Stop waiting by the phone. Get 
your Motorola pager today. 

Cellular Connection 
(619) S66'()S38 Ferdie Mazon 

(619)S21-1914 DavidTokunaga 

Michael Kinoshita 
Yvonne LeValley 

Sam Lucero 
eraldina Nunez-Rocha 

Bridget Paddock 
Gabriel Speyer 

Kerry White 

We need people to donate their 
blood plasma. Diagnostic test kits 
are urgently needed, but cannot be 

produced without negative controls. 
You can qualify to donate if: 

• You have never been 
vaccinated for one or all of 
the following, and 

• You have never had one or all 
of the following: 

Hepatitis, Chicken Pox, 
Measles 

You can donate up to twice a week 
and earn $45 per donation. Call 
MD Laboratories 
Co subsidiary of HemIC .... Corpor.tion) 

(619)226-1733 
MD Laboralories specializes in provldinll 
blood products 10 manufoclure" for lhe 

produclion of vaccines. Icst kits and 
research . CaJlloday! 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, June 3, 1993 

Photo Courtesy of Ad<l11ic Records 
The Irish band CIannad Is: Maire Brennan, PacIraIg Dugan, Noel Dugan and 
a.nn ......... 

friends [with U2] foryearsand years, 
and there was this huge respect be-
tween the two bands," replied the 
vocalist. "Nearing the end of the 
recording for MacaI/o, we happened 
to get together with Bono and do the 
song. But it wasn't premeditated." 

It seems that most anists who 
have the good fortune of hearing 
Oannad's music want to collabo-
rate with the band. According to 
Maire, "We had to stop people from 
getting on [the 1987 album Sirius], 
because we had a lot of people com-
ing in the studio and saying. 'Who's 
that? Oh, I have an idea, can I be on 
the album?' and you have to say, 
'Hold on a minute.' 

"I think they liked the music and 
wanted to be a pan of it. When Steve 
PeTl)' sang on the album. we got him 
to sing in Gaelic. which is incred-
ible." 

However, it is clearly an Irish 
force that has shaped the Oannad 
sound. "There is so much incredible 
music coming out of Ireland, and 

j SUMMER APANESE STUDlVlntensive.5-wk. 
I I program In 

Portland, OR, July 21-Aug. 29. 
Eam 12 quarter hrs. Study lang. 
(all levels) and culture with 
Japanese students. Outdoor 
wildemess program included. 
Prior lang. study not required. 
Oregon/Japan SUmmet' ProgrIm, 

lewis • Clark College, 
Box 192, Portland, OR 97219, 

(503) 768-7305. 

'Iris 
Munich 
Vitnll 
London 
Amsterdam 
~~.:~~~~on~~: 
5rud<nt status may be ~i"'d. 

,,,, ...... ~".,.. 

Council Travel 

it's not just one type of music. Re-
ally you have to go to Ireland to 
understand the amount of different 
styles," Maire said. "It's extraordi-
n8l)' for such a small country." 

Oannad's songs incorporate a 
tremendous amount ofIrish histol)'. 
"Like the traditional songs from 
years ago, subconsciously our songs 
come out of all of these melodies we 
heard," said Ciaran. 

"You're talking about 500 of 
these songs, listening to where they 
carne from. Some of them might 
just be poetry with the melody lost, 
and the stol)' behind it, and we were 
soaking all thilt in. We actually did 
six albums just doing that. 

"We didn't do albums intending 
to get fame. People in Ireland 
thought we were mad doing the 
Gaelic songs," Maire added. 

Maire said she hopes that sing-
ing in Gaelic helps to keep people in 
touch with the language. "I like to 
think that we have something to do 
with retaining some of the interest 

in Gaelic songs. We brought it 
across, and got a song into the top 
fi ve on the British charts. When we 
were singing at the start, people 
were telling us the language would 
be dead in five years. Really, I think 
it's as strong as ever." 

But Clannad is not just an Irish 
banJ, nor is it just a traditional band. 
Some have categorized it as New 
Age music, but it is actually quite 
difficult to classify. Of course, in 
America, Oannad is frequently com-
pared to Enya. 

"That's because Enya is so well-
known. But, you know, 'HaTl)"s 
Game' was created and released 
before she even made any albums. 
But it's the world you live in -
you'll always be compared," Maire 
said. 

"I don't mind really, as long as 
people want to listen to our music 
and we get a chance to be heard, 
that's the most important thing. To 
be able to do this tour is brilliant." 

- Alexa J. Shel11Wl 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
•. ~ Master Mechanics ~ III === exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 
9870 lUramar Road • 4lI0-II494 

Air & Water Cooled • Maintenance SerYIcea • Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines • GIs & DieNI • Electrical • Clutch ... Brakes • Valv .. 

loc~.d In the Autopoll Mal • MI/aIYIOf 
Next Doot '0 Dlscoun' r .. e 

Expires 9/21/93 

OJ ........ : eye ....... deoo,.-... !no Ald ... , ........ p riell, I ...... .t .... lit ., ..... - . 
OfI'er IlOl pod wltIt .. yother ....... 1. 

For appointments or information 
call the Optical Department at 

455-5795. 
622-9365 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

Drown 11 
Drown 11 

Drown II is an amazing local "I didn't even start playing guitar 
band destined for success-and its until about four years ago," Bybee 
members are students at UCSD. Its saidduring a recent interview. "Dean 
debut, a self-titled and self-produced has been singing since he was in the 
cassette, combines a ~~~~ womb,probably,butnone 
number of influences, of us has been classically 
from Rush to the Smash- HI DUM trained on our instru-
ing Pumpkins . Lead W ments." 
singer Jeff Dean is ac- REYIEWf! Drown 11 's real train-
companied on guitar by II.. ing has come from the 
Andrew Bybee and Jeff music that members lis-
Wheeler, while Chris tened to in theirformative 
Hansen plays drums and years. Their songs have a 
John Doolittle plays bass. distinctively early-'80s vibe. 

This recording session was the "Chris listened to a lot of Police; 
first time most of the members had I was really into Rush. The Joumey/ 
been in the studio, which makes Foreigner sound probably comes 
their four debut songs even more from Dean," Bybee said. Bybee 
impressive. Theopening track, "El- also admined to liking bands such 
evator,"isapowerful,guitar-driven as the Cars, Depeche Mode, Duran 
song that highlights Dean's versa- Duran and Billy Squier. Bring back 
tile voice, with backing vocals any memories? 
highly reminiscent of those on The But the band has contemporary 
Police's "Synchronicity." tastes as well. Bybee said that gui-

The secpnd tmck, "Wishing tarist Jeff Wheeler "likes bands like 
Well" unfolds from a beautifully- the Afghan Wigs and Smashing 
mournful guitar solo and vocals Pumpkins, the Posies and the Goo 
into a steady-paced song. "Home" Goo Dolls. 
is the third traek,foUowed by "Sink." "For me, music is very much 
Like "Wishing Well," "Home" about common experience. Every-
starts out slowly and moodily, but one in our generation wants some-
builds as each member joins in to thing to relate to," Bybee said. 
createlavish layersofsound. "Sink" "People in the '60s had cultural 
closesthe cassette with a fast-paced, icons like Kennedy, and we'restuck 
hard-rocking punch. with the 'Brady Bunch' and Satur-

Although the guitar so)os tend to day Night Fever. So we're looking 
drag on a bit, this is an incredibly more toward common experiences." 
strong debut for such a young band. -Alexa J. Shennan 

UL5U 
.tCHlK" .. T("')H( 

• 4457 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

STEREO MC·S 

CONNECTED 
INCLUDES 

CONNECTED. STEP IT UP 
& 

DON·T LET UP 
MAK£ SURE YOU'RE a:JNNECTED ... ON ISlAND COMPACT DISCS AND CASSErrES 

614wwe 
GEE STREET'".LICENSED TO ISLAND AECXlR05. INC. C1 993 ISlAND AECXlR05. INC. 

lUWiR RiCnRnS \ ~\nin 

Make Graduation 
a Special Memory ... 

at the Beautiful 
Sheraton Grande 

Torrey Pines! 
Relax and enjoy this special event minutes from campus. 

Overlook the 18th Fairway of the famous Torrey Pines Golf 
Course and beautiful Pacific Ocean. Make your stay 

comfortable and affordable with ... 

• Complimentary Butler Service-light pressing, shoe shine, 
coffee and newspaper in the morning 

• Shuttle to UCSD 
• Complimentary Health Club and Tennis 
• Twice daily maid service and turndown 
• Special $125.00 (plus tax). p~ckage which includes 

Breakfast for Two and Late Checkout 

Please call direct (619)558-1500 or toll free (800)762-6160 
to make reservations. 

Offer valid June 10-1S, 1993. Please ask for HUCSO Graduation Special." 

I 
SHERATON GRANDE 

TORREY PINES 
~ " J 0 , , .. 



4 1'hunday. JUDe S. 1993 

IAHf 
~ Arnold Sell ......... 

, 

__ .. willi. cute kill .. 

which ...... 011 Jull 23. 

PhoIo Counesy of CoIunbia PidIns 

CIIrf, • fIInI ...... 

oP ..... on 

..... 20. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Su __ er Movie Previews 

'I1Ie eneroaeblng 8IIIIUIler DlOIldis IIle8Il the hype 

8IIIIUIler Is no dUlerent with Its seleedon of sl~ 

eheap thrills and speelal etleets. It appears the main 

event wID he between Steven Spielberg's ~ Parfc and 'DIe 

Last ilcdon Hero, starring Arnold Sehwarzeneaer. 

But there are also a variety of contenders which 

have the potendal to poD a few punches of their 

own. Sly Stallone wID he making a eomeback and 

chaDenging Sehwarzenegger In the Renny BarIIn fUm. CIUfIta-.,er. 

As DS~ JDBIe stars will domfnate.lIarrIson Ford runs froID the 

law In 'DIe Fugitive, OInt Eastwood protects the President In In 

TIae Une 01 Are and '10m CruIse plays a high power lawyer In TIle 

A ...... Bot star power doesn't guarantee suceess. 

Perhaps the JDOSt suspense this smnater wID come 

from watching to see which over-prleed 

production takes a big lI08edIve .. the box oftIee. 
CONTRIBUTING WRITERS: Jenny Gaumg, Gordon Hzud, Jeff NU!sel ami. Jason Ritchie 

AIucIJ AIIo AbGaf NofIrIIW-
Director Kenneth Branagh put passion 
and grit into his version of Shakespeare's 
Henry V, but Much Ado falls short with 
its overdone comedy and fluff. With the 
exception of the parlay that takes place 
between Benedick (Branagh) and 
Beanice (Emma Thompson), there are 

few good performances despite the 
renowned cast. Denzel 

Washington's role is minimal, 
Keanu Reeves has a perpetual 

look of distaste on his face, 
Michael Keaton's 
performance as DogbelT)' 
is funny only because it is 

so bad and Robert Sean 
Leonard's frat-boy good 

looks and outbursts of emotion 
become downright annoying. 

Branagh may have made the Bard 
accessible, but it comes at the 

expense of fine acting and genuine 
emotion. (IN) 

c"",..,..;- Sly Stallone scales the 
Rockies in this action-adve.nture movie 

by director Renny Harlin. The film 
goes out of its way to feature 
extraordinary climbing feats that 
are often hard to believe. "Northem 
Exposure" star Janine Turner has a 
limited role - but then you can 

hardly expect her to wann up to the 
stoic Stallone. 1bere are some gripping 
rescue scenes and duels, but this film 
nies too hard to outdo itself with every 
explosiOl) and death-defying maneuver. 
(IN) 

........... -Withbright. 
comic-book colors straight out of Dick 
Tracy, Producer Roland Joffe (director 
of Academy A ward-winner The Killing 
Fields) nies his hand at bringing the 
famous "Super Mario Bros." 
videogame to the silver screen. Bob 
Hoskins and John Leguizamo are the 
plumber brothers Mario and Luigi, who 
enter the hidden universe Dinohattan to 
save the Princess Daisy (Samantha 
Mathis of Pump Up the Volume). With 
zombie troops called Goombas and a 
baby dinosaur named Yoshi (and a 
"PG" rating), this should be a good one 
for the kids. (JG) 

MtIW - The problem with this film 
is the ending, which was supposedly 
changed after test audiences rejected 
the original outcome. The replacement 
might strike audiences as a "surprise," 
but it really doesn't make sense. 
Screenwriter Joe Eszterhas has also 
penned a script with some of the most 
one~imensional dialogue since Basic 

........................ 011 

...... Crialltan'. novel, 

Instinct, the last screenplay he wrote. 
With poor performances by Sharon 
Stone and Tom Berenger, this film has 
little to work with. The high-tech 
voyeurism theme is also made too 
obvious - characters are always 
followed by video cameras of some 
sort, and William Baldwin'S wall of 
televised "real life" is scary only 
because he and Stone connive to 
mo.nitor evil-doers and make the world 
a better place to live. If you like to 
watch suspenseful, sexual, thriller films, 
stay away from this one. (IN) 

***JUNE*** 
... ., ••• ", ... ,.. This is yel 
another romantic comedy set in Seattle. 
Directed by Nora Ephron, the film stars 
Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan. Hanks is a 
widower living in Seattle, and his 
young son (Ross Malinger) tries to 
hook him up with Ryan, who lives in 
Baltimore. Somehow this doesn't sound 
as much fun as Singles. (IN) 

WfNIf'. loN Got to Do WIfIJ ,,-
This movie, based on the novell, Tina, 
chronicles the rise of pop singer Tina 
Turner from the small town of Nut 
Bush, TeM. She was raised by her 

grandmother and eventually became the 
protegee of the abusive Ike Turner. It 
will be a challenge for Angela Bassett 
to convey the emotional ups and downs 
that have characterized Turner's life. 
It's a story of personal triumph worth 
telling. What's Love also stars Laurence 
FlShbume. (IN) 

___ ".,. - This summer's 
release of the film adaptation of 
Michael Crichton's Jurassic Park is 
going to be good, as it's one ofthe best 
pieces of literary science fiction to 
come along in some time. 1be geneti-
cally-engineered dinosaurs and lush 
island landscape portrayed in the book 
will be especially challenging to put on 
film, but Steven Spielberg is just the 
director to do it. A large portion of the 
film ' s budget was spent to make the 
dinosaurs as believable as possible. The 
wizards of Industrial Light and Magic 
and a horde of computer-controlled 
dina-model makers were hired to bring 
10 life a bunch of big, ugly lizards that 
have been extinct for millions of years. 
Jurassic Park is the first movie to be 
released with the new DTS sound 
system, an improvement over current 
technology especially intended to boost 
the fidelity of very low-frequency 
sounds such as rumbling and roaring, of 

which there shOuld be a lot. Personally, 
I'm going to plunk down my seven 
bucks just to see the carnage and 
destruction. Humans keep getting tom 
apart by big, angry dinosaurs and Jeeps 
get thrown around like hotcakes. The 
level of violence presented in Jurassic 
Park is high, but it is not random. The 
violence has purpose and was created 
with great care so as to make it as 
gruesome as possible while remaining 
on a believable level. (JR) 

".",... ......... - Yet another 
cartoon character comes to life. Mason 
Gamble will star as the havoc-wreaking 
little prankster and Walter Matthau 
plays DeMis' unsuspecting neighbor 
Mr. Wilson. Gamble was selected out 
of a pool of over 20,000 candidates, but 
he')) have to exude the devilish chann 
of a McCauley Culkin to make this film 
fly . (IN) 

...., ActIon IIeIo - In this latest 
action film starring Arnold 
Schwarzenegger, the name Ihat 
invariably leads to millions of Ameri-
can dollars for the studios, audiences 
will thrill to the sight of Arnold as a 
fictional action-advenrure film charac-
ter come to life. Arnold will jump back 
and forth between the silver-screen and 

PhaID ecu.r oIM1rr1y a. , ~ 

real life with an Il-year-old boy, 
fighting bad guys and discovering the 
repercussions of movie violence. In the 
end, Arnold should prove to provide 
plenty of explosions and still come out 
as an all-around wholesome Republican 
hero. (GK) 

***JULY*** 
In ,... LIne 01 FIre - Following the 
success of The Bodyguard, it looks like 
the theme of the patriotic Secret Service 
agent will be rehas\1ed. Clint Eastwood 
plays agent Frank Horrigan, who has to 
protect the President against a wily 
assassin (John Malkovich). Although 
Eastwood received garnered critical 
acclaim for his neo-Westem 
Un/orgiven, this film looks like it will 
be yet another boring spin on the cops 
and robbers theme. (IN) 

.",. FJnn- Based on John Grisham's 
best-selling novel, this thriller casts 
Tom Cruise as Mitch McDeere, the 
Ivy League graduate who joins a 
small, wealthy and dangerous law 
firm in Tennessee. What starts off 
as a golden opportunity that pays 
off his loans and leases him a 
Mercedes, turns out to be a job for 
the mafia. Gene Hackman is 
Avery Tolar, Mitch's designated 
mentor. The film also stars Jeanne 
Tripplehom (Basic Instinct) and Ed 
Harris (Glengarry Glen Ross). 

It's difficult for any novel to make 
the transition to screenplay, but with 
Hackman fresh from his Academy A ward-
winning performance in Un/orgiven and 
with Cruise recently nominated for a 
Golden Globe for A Few Good Men, the 
cast should have strong support from its 
leading actors. (]G) 

WNlcMd Iff ".",,.'. 2 - A sequel 
to Weekend at Bernies? Who would 
have thought it could happen? Who 
cares? Was the first one that fuMY? 
Was the original Bernie not deceased 
enough that they had to exhume this 
tired form of comedy? I guess 
so. ButTll wait until I see it 
before I judge it. (GH) 
See FILMS, page H6 

HIATUS 5 

IAH f 

rela._ In July, more 

..... 10 Y'" 11ft_Its 

~. 

ClThe Wlit Disney eomp.,y. AI Rights ReSllMd 

• Dan Aykroyd and ..... 

Prymut Coneb ..... 

_July 23. 



.. ' 

HIATUS 6 The UCSD Guardian 

Persond Growth and SeIf-Discovety Through Journal Ktff#ng 
"The Intensive Joumal is one of the great inventions 

of our time." - Joseph Campbell 
A unique opportunity to build a nonjudgmental perspective on one's life. 

Much more than a diary, this structured method of journaling, bose<:! <;>n sound 
psycho-sociolOgical principles. provides simple methods for organizing life 

experiences. Viewing the varied aspects of our lives--past. present and future--
relationships. bodily and life deciSions--is made possible and profoundly 

through this powerful, personal tool. 

June 25-27 UC San Diego 
A "Life Experience" Workshop Weekend will be held at UC San Diego 
. Oceanvlew Lounge, Third College, Overlooking the Pacific Ocean 

Tuition: $185, plus lodging, meals and parking . 
Discounts Available to UCSD Faculty and Staff, Senlarland Full-Time Students w/ID 

Group and Private MlnhoUII,lntraarganlzational" Optlonl Available. We can came to youl 
For 1993 Schedule, Mailing List and other Information, call 

CreatlvB Consortium (714) 968-8302 
The "Intensive Journal" is a registered trademark of Dr. Ira Progoff and is used under license 10 Dialogue House, Inc., New York 
While facilities on or near the University of California have been graciously prOvided. these workshops are officiailly sponsored by Creative Consortium and not sponsored by the Universily of California. 

1r.hu~y.June3,l993 

FILMS: Summer sneaks 
ContInued from ..... H3 
"..,. .. , ..... - Director John 
Singleton gave a sympathetic por-
trait of life in the ghetto with Boyz 
• N' The Hood. But the film was 
mostly a coming-of-age story from 
a male perspective. Sure, there were 
female characters, but they were 
stereotyped as the uptight Catholic 
school girl and the irresponsible 
mother. WilhJanetJacksonstarring 
in the lead role and with poems by 
Maya Angelou, the film might just 
give women the ... due. (IN) 

c....... dB - If the "Saturday 
Night Live" skit Wayne's World 
was a blockbuster, why not the 
Coneheads? The question is whether 
viewers still remember and love the 
dome-headed creatures. Dan Ayk-
royd and Jane Curtain star as the 
conehead couple who come to con-
quer the eanh but end up in the 
suburbs of New Jersey. (IN) 

**AUGUST** 
rile FICftIve-If you've seen the 
trailers for this film, you know that 
Harrison Ford plays a confused phy-
sician who is blamed forthedeath of 
his wife. Tommy Lee Jones leads 
the manhunt once Ford escapes: 
Indiana Jones meets the federal gov-
ernment. This film was inspired by 
the '60s television series and di-
rected by Andrew Davis. (IN) 

"-IItGI .... - Researching a book 
based on the lifestyles of "America's 

Most Wanted," Brian and Carrie 
(David Duchovny and Michelle 
Forbes) look for someone to split 
the cost of a ride across the country. 
Coincidentally,ex-conEarlyGrayce 
(Brad Pitt of Thelma & Louise) is 
looking for an easy ride to Califor-
nia Leaving behind the murder of 
his parole officer and bringing along 
his loyal girlfriend Adele (Juliette 
Lewis of Cape Fear). Early takes 
the foursome on an explosive jour-
ney across America during which 
Brian learns the true nature of a 
killer and finds the strength to be-
come a survivor. (JG) 

DIe .... WftfJoutaFace-Mel 
Gibson as a man with no face? It's 
hard to imagine how this film will 
work, since Gibson's good looks 
generally attract viewers to what-
ever film he is in. Even though he 
did a credible job as Hamlet. 
GibSOQ's looks usually outweigh 
his acting abilities. Gibson plays 
Justin McLeod,aman with a scarred 
face who is ridiculed by the 
townsfolk. Justin befriends a 12-
YC4U'-old boy (Nick Stahl), another 
outsider in the small Northeastern 
town. and the two come to grips 
with being ridiculed. Sounds like a 
tear-jerker. (IN) 

~ GIrl- Jason Priestly 
stars in this film about a group of 
teens which drives to Hollywood to 
meet Marilyn Monroe. This dra-
matic comedy seems suspiciously 
nostalgic. (IN) 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

· ~ LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE HALF PRICE STUDENT TICKETS 
AT All 

PERFORMANCESI 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

SUMMER IN L.A. 
We have the BEST LOCATIONS in West L.A. to provide you 
with quality apartment living (including the closest apartment 
building to UCLA)! Our three prime locations to choose from are: 

GAYLEY TOWERS 
Singles from $550/month 
Single w/loft from $750/month 
Gated parking available. Furnished or unfurnished. Steps from 
UCLA. Call Sue at (310)824-0836. 

WESTWOOD EXECUTIVE HOUSE 
1 bedroom eff. 
2 bedroom/2 bath 

from $750/month 
from $1350/month 

Gated parking available. This exclusive building has a rooftop 
pool, jacuzzi, and sauna with exciting views of the city. Call 
Margaret at (310)824-2210. 
SURFWOOD PALMS 
1 bedroom 
2 bedroom/2 bath 

from $675/month 
from $945/month 

Gated parking available. This 5 years new building has a rooftop 
jacuzzi. Located about 3 miles south of UCLA near the Fox and 
Sony Film Studios. Call Caryn at (310)202-0422. 
Each apartment community is gated with intercom access, has a 
full time resident manager, and is about 15 MINUTES FROM 
THE BEACH! Space is very limited for the summer, so call today. 

Equal housina opportunity. Rues for new ICnanls only. 
Professionally m-sed by HSC-CalifomiL Inc. 

• 
• 
• 
'. • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• • 
......................... ~ .................. . 

WINNER OF THE 1993 TONY AWARD! 

Children of Paradise: 
Shooting a Dream 

Written and Performed by 
Theatre de II Jeune Lune 

The Playtwse is delighted b presenlthe 
west Coast premiere of an epic theatrk:al 
evenl based on the making d Marcel 
Came's landmark film Children of Pandse. """"'''ir'! 

HURRY! ENDS JUNE 13! 
Half price student tickets available 
at all performances to full-time 
students presenting valid student 
10_ Limit: 2 tickets per student, 

FOR MORE 
INFORMATION: 
(619) 550-1010 "---' 

Mandell Weiss Center 

SELF STORAGE 
UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 

1/3 OFF 
(LO W ~g%f-IN) 

uc'" so .... 

• 

ANY size unit 
with this ad 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 

S300 0FF!* 
W()rd 

Vrf)c::essl nil 
Term Paper<!l 

Letters 
DisserlaUons 

l1le.ses 
Resumes 
©" More 

call MeL tiarden 
4U-3()f34 

'I Hcur ~" .... / 1 Coupon Der CU5loftlCr 

!J{OTTU 5 

~ine.5t (jqurmet Coffee 

4S7-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(n ear Booksrar) 

• Monday-Thursday 6 am-II pm . 
• Friday 6 am-midnighl 

• SalUrday 7:30 am-midnight 
• Sunday 8 am·11 pm r-------, 

:FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I WMn you buy one 0( equal Of ~ller \lAI.-e. ,I 

0.. (It, ,"'_. up. 9121193 

-------

THE UCSD GUARDIAN SUMMER SUSTAINER ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT 

Whether you're feeding your face or fixing it, here's a few 
ways to save money in the process. This four-page 
supplement features just a few of the advertisers who 
have eased your budget crunch all year long. 
STEAL THIS INSERT, then use and reuse these ads 
for all eternity .. _or September, whichever comes first. 
Have a ridiculous summer! 

3511 A 
"- ~'1';<' 10 

* Farm Fresh Certified OrlJanic Produce! 
* Antibiotic & Hormone Free Beef and Chicken! 
* Otler Two Hundred Bulk Bins! 
* Natural Groceries For Your Kitchen! 
* Complete Vitamins & Supplements Dept! 
* . Natural Restaurantl Espresso & Juice Bar! 
* CrueltlJ..Free Cosmetic~ & BodlJcare Products! 

Clairemont Location 
3560 Mt, Acadia 

San Diego, CA 
560-1975 
San Carlos 

8704 Lake Murray Blvd, 
San Diego, CA 
463-7267 

OUR ONGOING MISSION IS TO BRING YOU THE 
HIGHEST QUALITY NATURAL FOODS AVAILABLE. 

SS1 

OUR KNOWLEDGEABLE STAFF IS DEDICATED TO 
CREATING A HEALTHY LIFESTYLE FOR YOU, YOUR 
FAMILY & OUR PLANET. 

'. 



882 THE UCSO GUARDIAN SU.e.ER SUSTAINER ADVERTISING SUPPlEMENT June·SeptembeI. 1993 

,----G RAN D 0 PEN I N G 1--.. 
Costa Verde tDentistrg 

'" :$3900 
- ~ EXAM, ~;.,..-~ "" CLEANING & 
/ X-RAYS (bitewing) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
~ We're open evenings and weekends! 
~ Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
~ Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
~ Special introductory offer- $1 50 leeth whitening (per arch) 
~ 24 Hour Emergency Available ! 

~ Plenty of free parking! 
La Jolla lila 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_01. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance plans and major credit cords 

3 SUMMER 
CLASSIREDS 

EMPLOYr,lENT 

HIRING TODAY I EmbIIIIIed IocII 
compIIIy needl5 enthualutlc 
IpOI1I minded Indlvlduall for piI't. 
lime or full-time IUIIIIIIII' poslllonl 
ltartlng It $12 per hr. CALL NOW 
713-4473 

FOR SALE 
ORIGINAL STAR TREK Posterbookl 
end collectibles· Also DR. WHO. 
<:'11 434-3064 

SERVICES 

CLARITY SERVICES. Editing: 
proofreldlng.commenta. Tutortng: 
writing, English, math. Tnt 
prepamlon. Experienced, reason-
IIble. 294-4860/584-4708. 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

e 
WEIIECYClE 
OURWATEA 

"r-UCSD I 
I L. Jail. VIII.lle Dr . ~ J I ~_.I Dr. I 

UTC 

l · 
~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------l l1li Full Service . $ 99 

: W~~~ P!!WA~! 3",.~ 
I C '\R WASil Not vaUd with any other ofter. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 9/21193 

~----------------- ______ I 

Dr. ,,'.y O.D. 
• • v,.,oncare 
Serving OPTOMETRIC 

LA JOLLA CENTER 
UNIV. CITY 
MIRA MESA 

• 
• 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind CarI's Jr.) 

578-6796 
- --T------i------
FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 

EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I Dally W .. CoaIplete I COMBO SET I 

I $89 I I 
I OC Science I $35 00 OFF I Exttlllltl ... c.ptatl • INCLUDES • Eye exam I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 

• Fashion frames combo. Choose from 
• Precision ground I B & L 04 I I lee!' f I I lenses S.V. I Disposables I a argese Ion 0 I 

I $9900 I $139 i:.'l: & I frames and lenses I 
I I .~~~f:':'~~p I $3500 I 
I I car. ·C ... kil·t;e.alghted I OFF I COMPLETE ~~~=~":J:.'n L ______ l ______ ~ ______ ~ 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Prevcntative, and Cosmetic Serviccs 

RrllI.~d. [rit lld!, . t /llMp/h·" • .I11ll/btr ADA. CDA, S/X:DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PR.OFESSIONAL CENTER. 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA OIL, SUITE 2103 
Top Fluor, Just bthilld the E,,"pbnllt Bnr 

558·3490 
EVlllilJlJf & Sawrday 

Appoilm,;(//(S A I'ailabit 

UND ..... DuAr •• '~-~~ 
DON', 'o •• n 

To lib .. You. BoD 
COft .. D WITH 

SU"'R SICIOIUS 
& ACGDINT INSUIIAJICI 

WS effedive while traveling or staying home ••• 
protects continuity ~ cov.tage 

Registered Spring dUcients, Summer students and 
June graduates are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $209.00. SPOUSE $263.00 • CHILDREN $179.00 
. ENROLLING NOW until July 13th 

information and applications are CNOilable at 
Student Health C ....... • 0039 • 534-2123 

TliE UCSO GUARDIAN SUMMER SUST A1NER ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT 883 

L4~~(36. 
. 1536 Fay Ave. /l56-BREW 

~ -~ lI==ry CALL US! 
~ LIKE 4S2-UCSD a : .DOMINO'S 

How \bu 1.Jke Pizza AI Home. 3211 Holiday Court 
I~~-- .. ~. 

-a 
:3 

8 
~ 
o 
-

Hours: 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS I 2-TOPPING ,PIZZAS : 

FOR ONLY $1399 I and A 6-PACKOF $1799 
: ~~~~~~!~;~~. ~U51ax II COKEn'FOR ONLY ~uS IQX : 
I --~;-otdotIng. CALL US! I 
I CALL US. II I 4S2-UCSD II I I 4S2-UCSD . I Couponroqu~od. NoIvalld_any • I 
• HoI vold ... ,."y olhefo"",. • . G-3 1 olhefo4lor. E.p.n9l»93. • . • G-3 • 

~ ___________ ".J ____________ ... 
Umiled doIIvefy no 10 ........... drMnIi. Our -. c:any 1000 .... 120.00. 

• PB Blonde • Sunset Red • OTL Stout • Highlander Scotch Ale • India Pale Ale • Strawberry Blonde • Chinese Ginger • Chocolate Mint Stout • 

Pac i fie B e a c h . 

JBREWHoUSE 
'\ MICROBREWERY & RESTAURA 

SUMMERTIME SPECIALS 
MONDAY 

$2.00 PINTS 
7 -CLOSE 

TUESDAY 
20¢ WING NIGHT 

All Night 

WEDNESDAY 
STEIN NIGHT 

THURSDAY 
$1.00 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 

AllIOoz. microbrewed .beers (after 
7:00). Remember all $1.00 beers 

are not the same. 

SUNDAY 
COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT 

• ALL PIZZAS $ 5 00 
• All 48-oz. 

PITCHERS each 
(after 5 pm) 

*Try the THAI CHICKEN PIZZA!* 
Buy a logoed stein for $5.00 full 

of beer. $2.00 per refill every 
Wednesday night 

• 7 :00 - CLOSE 4475 Mission Blvd. 
~ comer of Mission & Garnet 

.5 SeaCoast Square 
~ FREE PARKING off 01' Homblend St . 

~ 
= 
= 0-
&. 
n> 

• 

@ ~74-ALES ~ 
• ~puolU A.u;qMlUlS • i>1V i>fld !!pul • i>1V tplOOS J~lrelqS!H • lnolS l~O • p~ l~ums • i>puoig Ud e lnolS lU!W a!loooq) • J.,jU!~ ~ 

\ 



884 

I' 

III ,.111' • ..• CAT ,.""."" II. fIIIIl/II 
". ".,." """", 1:"''''''' 1l1li /IIIJI/a? 
It doesn't-not even 
close. Kaplan MCAT 
students know better. 

THE UC8D BUAADIAN SUMMER SUSTAINEA ADVERTISING SUPPlEMENT 

;~~~~~~~;~:our t1'11~~~, 

BII ,. ""nk JII' IU'" ""tI 
/111111"* " "1:111" II.fI? 
You don't. You don't need 
school all over again; you 
need MCAT prep. You need 
bundreds of bo1U'S of focused 
test-based instruction 
including live classes, free 
tutoring, bome-study notes 
that are AAMC 
curriculum-matched, practice 
on MCAT material, Vutual 
Reality Testing, and extensive 
audio and video resources. 

1fII, till. ,."." .. ,,1111 
m.II 11111' .l1li",." 1IIUrc/l,,,, IIII.CAT? 

We maintain a 
full-time staff of M.D. 's 
and Ph.D.'s whose job 

it is to follow and 
scrutinize this unique 

standardized tcst. 
They're not researching 
basic science. Thqr're 
researching the MCAT. 
Because relearning the 
sciences is the least of 

your troubles. 

orEIIlIALF"" """"". ... 
1lI,.",.:AT .... 

.. --. 
It's no accident. It's 

because Kaplan teaches the 
MCAT, and we teach it well. 

That's why over 80% of all 
our students were referred 

by their friends, family and 
prc-med advisors. We don't 

rc-teach all of college 
science. Or trivia. We 

teach what shows up on the 
exam. We teach tbinking 

skills. Because you need to 
11K your time, not just 811 

your time. 

To lind ouf how Kap'an helps you pull if all fogefhe, with Total MeAT Training, call 
1·BOO·KAP· TEST 

KAPLAN MeAT PREP 

Thursday, June 3, 1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 11 

Cross-Cultural Center Will Open to Recruit, Retain Students SUIT: Burnett 
disputes university's 
right to sue him 
ContInued from PIII8 1 

By Chrl.J ....... floor of the Price Center and Price 
Center Gallery "B," where 
underrepresented groups will be 
given priority to reserve the 
conference hall. The UCAB 
approved the allocation in a 4-3 
vote with one abstention. 

gether more efficiently. on campus the opportunity to gain 
strength in order to increase 
UCSD's poor rates of recruitment 
and retention of underrepresented 
student groups. 

Senior Staff Writer 
The University Center Advi-

sory Board (UCAB) allocated 
space to the Student Affirmative 
Action Coalition (SAAC) for a 
cross-cultural center designed to 
help recruit and retain students 
from underrepresented ethnic 
groups on the UCSD campus. 

According to SAACChair Pon-
cho Guevarra. the center will al-
low the 10 organizations that malce 
up the coalition of under-repre-
sented student groups to work to-

If Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affai rs Joseph Warson implements 
the board's recommendation. 
SAAC will be given a five-year 
lease and will be allowed to allo-
cate space within the block of of-
fices . 

Motions by Clark and Associ-
ated Students representative Mike 
Holmes to add Price Center Gal-
lery "A" to the cross-cultural cen-
ter. as SAAC requested, failed 
when the board was deadlocked in 
a 4-4 tie. 

from a legal te)(t, which states, "Gov-
ernment entities may not maintain 
malicious prosecution actions 
against persons who have previ-
ously sued the entity without suc-
cess. The bringing of suits against 
government is an absolute privilege 
and cannot form the basis for civil 
liability for malicious prosecution." 

The center will consist of a 
block of office space on the third 

UCAB Fifth College represen-
tative Andrew Clark said the pur-
pose of the center is to give the 
"weak" affirmative action groups 

NEW LITERATURE COURSES 
L TEN 149 - Themes in English! American Lit 
fulfills (d) requirement for L TEN majors 

L TEN 152 - Origins of American Literature 
fulfills (d) requirement for L TEN majors 
L TEN 181 - Asian American Literature 
pending CEP approval 

L T-':H 110 - History of Criticism 

L TWR 120 (C)- Personal Narrative 
(Section B has moved to Wednesday) 

FALL 1993 
Section 10 #181429 

Section 10 #181428 

Section 10 #181861 

Section 10 #181822 

Section 10 # 181846 

"If [Assistant Vice ChancelJorfor 
Student Affairs Tom) Tucker is su-
ing. he would have to do it by him-
self ...• which means that the UCAB 
just gave Tucker $4O,<XX> of student 
money." Burnett said in a written 
statement "Otherwise. they were lied 
to by Tucker about its use." 

Directorof Iudicial Affairs Nick 
Aguilar did not directly respond to 
Burnell's accusation. However. he 
said he believed university attor-
neys had considered the facts of the 
case before recommending that the 
motions be filed. 

"The university shouldn't be 
forced to pick up the cost of defend-
ing itself against a needless law-
suit." Aguilar added 

Please see the Literature Undergraduate office, first floor LIT building, 
for instructor and scheduling information. 

After Watson disestablished the 
UCB in February. Burnett contin-
ued to pursue legal action that the 
board initiated last November in an 
attempt to gain access to indepen-
dent legal counsel and clarify its 
role within the university. Judge 
Wayne L. Peterson dismissed 
Burnett's case from the San Diego 
County Superior Court on May 7 
because he said that it did not rnerit 
atrial. Read the Update to the Schedul~ of Classes! 

UNDI.GIADUAfIS' -
DON', 'olGn 

1o KEEP YOUI BOD 
COVlR.D WITH 

SUMMER SICIOIISS 
& ACCIDINT INSURANCI 

It's effective while traveling or staying home ••• 
protects continuity of covetage 

Registered Spring students, Summer students and 
June graduates are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $209.00. SPOUSE $263.00 • CHILDREN $179.00 
ENRO~LING NOW until July 13th 

information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • 0039 t 534·2123 

,----
I 

----------------, 

, TANS$1: : I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you. one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days $2g99 I I 

Wolff 6ed5 • Facial T wner5 I I 
--.me ~______ _ ___ ~~~~ _______ J 

,------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed .•• $48 ~ I/ostinches, and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. Irs definitely worth it/" 
I -Mindy, San Diego I Lose at lellt 6" or you don't payl 
I No tx.rclse or dletl",. Not a temporary water lou. I 
I GOLDEN ~1ANGI.E L. Jolt. P't. LOIN HIllcrest I I PERFECT TAN" 455-0952 22+9727 29&7004 I 

3251 Holiday Ct . I'lClfte eoach· 11115 Ion V 1111 • S~ Coaoto· I acr~' H reet from EI Torlto 581-9060 54:-()39~ y 697-0014 I 
455-0909 -~ ______ ~_~~~~~~2~~ _______ J 

How To Cram For Summer 

Rent Now And Get 4 Months 
For The Price Of 3 * 

It's amazing how much stu ff you can cram into onc Public Storage rental space for the summcr. 
It 's even more amazing how little you'll pay. We have lots of private spaces in many convenient 
sizes at affordable monthly rates. Sholl' your Student ID and get 4 months for the price of 3.· 

'" PUBLIC III STORAGE' 
RENTAL SPACES 

• Furniture, sports equipment 
• Household goods, books 
• Business storage, too 
• Temporary or long term 

- - - - - - - - - - - - With This Coupon - - - - - - - - - - - -
Rent Now And Get 4 Months For The Price Of 3!* 

Just Show Your Student ID 
• SORRENTO 
• 11303 Sorrento Valley Road 

2 Blocks North of Union Bank 
Sorrento Valley Road & Sorrento Valley Blvd. 

453-6100 

~PUBUC 
iii STORAGE" 
RENTAL SPACES 

'Subjc<t to miJ.bility on sclcrttd sizes. Limit one spact p<r '" tom<r. New 1<11111. onJy. Dots fI()( indud< .f'I'Iitabk dq!oeilS or r.... 
Off,r .. pires Jund O, J993. UCSD93 L _______________________________ ~ 

, -

r 



" 

I , 

12 SPORTS 

GREGG 

UJIIB1J1 
Those Plucky, 
Plucky Kings 

Well, it's come to this. The next 
thing you know, dogs and cats will 
be living together. I mean, c'mon, 
the Kings? The Los Angeles Kings 
- who until four weeks ago had 
never played in a month with less 
than five letters in its JWne - are 
three wins away from the Stanley 
Cup. 

Yes, the same Stanley Cup 
known around the world as the 
ugliest, most ostentatious trophy in 
sports. I'm sony if! offended any 
hockey purists out there, but it really 
is. Why does it need to be big 
enough to use as a bar stool? How 
about a nice plaque or certificate 
suitable for framing? 

Actually, the Stanley Cup has a 
huge practical advantage over the 
Super Bowl, World Series or NBA 
Championship trophies :- you can 
get drunk out of it That bowl on top 
can hold enough champagne to swim 
in. 

But back to the Kings. Now, I 
must admit I have not been a die-
hard Kings fan since birth. If you 
want to call me a bandwagon fan, go 
ahead, but I've been struck with a 
certain affinity toward that plucky 
hockey club. . 

Plucky is the only wol'd for a 
team with a line that takes pride in 
annoying other people and is so 
small they can skate into the goal 
without knocking it off its anchors. 

Perhaps they wouldn't like to be 
called plucky, but when a team is 
leading the league in stitches, it 
doesn't have much of a choice. 

Tony Granato, Danyl Sydor and 
Marty McSorley have more stitches 
in them than Princess Di's wedding 
dress. Yet they still keep running 
into upraised sticks in order to ''take 
one for the team." Now that kind of 
stupidity can only be called plucky. 

Aside from the Annoying Line, 
the Kings have quite a few super-
stars. Of course there is the Great 
One. but don't forget Plucky Lucky 
Luc Robitaille. And of course a 
defense that would have serious 
trouble getting into bars. 

Ale)(i Zhitnik spent the last two 
weeks knocking NHL superstar 
Doug Gilmour silly, but the closest 
thing he could get to a beer is a 
frosty mug of A&W. 

Improbable as it may seem, if the 
Kings can playas well as they did 
Tuesday night, they could very 
easily be hoisting the Stanley Cup 
within the ne)(t couple of weeks. 

Think of it as our revenge for 
them Canadians stealing the World 
Series. But I think that Canada 
would take a defeat like this, to a 
team from a place wnere the most 
ice people see at one time is in their 
banana daiquiris, very badly. 

The best part about it, of course, 
is that a true Canadian hero in the 
personage of Wayne Gretzky is 
leading the way. 

So what it boils down to is the 
entire nation of Canada, polar bears 
and all, versus the city of Los 
Angeles. A pretty fair fight, if Los 
An __ is denied its automatic 

- -;eapons. How about Kings in six. 
And Lord help us. if this trend 
continues, next year'it'll be San Jose 
and Tampa Bay. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, JUDe S, 1993 

nCRI YERR In REVIEW 

~ 
)( 

Head Coach Denny Harper's Triton water polo squad capped off 
its regular season by magically capturing the Western Water Polo 
Association Ownpionship, brilliantly beating the Air Force Acad-
emy Falcons, 9-8, in sudden death overtime on a last-second lob by 
senior captain Kevin Vance. 

UCSD (23-9) flllished sath at the 1992 NCAA Water Polo 
Olampionships, held in Long Beach, for the second consecutive 
year. The Tritons feU victim to a surging USC Trojan squad, 16-7, 
in the tin;t round of action, but went on to wallop the Tigers of 
Princeton who proved to be no match for the Tritons' strength. 
falling 14-9. UCSD ended its season with a 14-9 loss to Pepperdine, 
placing them sath oVerall. 

Sophomore two-meter man Mike Nalu destroyed the single-
season goals record (95), netting I rn total goals and All-American 
IIon<n fix' the 1992 season. 

DIn McIloweI/GuMIan 
Laura Kranz ..... the women'. 
voIIeybeII teem cIIC their way to 
.1Otber NCAA title run. 

Women's Soccer 
Near Miss While 
Men Misfire 

Despite having to start six or seven 
freshmen this year, the women's soccer 
team advanced to the NCAA Fmal Four, 
where they lost to Cortland State, 4-3, on 
penalty kicks in one of the most heart-
breaking losses in the tearn 's history. 

The Tritons finished the season as 
West Regional champions with a 12-2-
2 record, while senior All-American 
Katy Dulock set a school record for 
assists in one season with 16. She also 
finished second all-time in goals, 54, VoDeyball Nets 

Second Place 
.:- , and total points. 137. 

TheUCSDwanen's voUeyballsquadcon-
tinucd its winning tradition this season by 
placing second at the Division ill NaIionaIs. 
TheTritons had a 10-18 regularseason recm1, 
but earned a berth byvirtueoftheirdominating 
performance over Division m schools. They 
reached their I WI Filial Four in 12 years. but 
lost to Washington University of St. Louis in 
the title game. 

CWII ........ 'MDIt ...... 
WlIIP .. 

G .... W ..... Sports Editor 
Jeff JIrauabt, Stt.6Writer 

Brian K. Hutto, Stt.6Writu 
ChriItopher Lock, Dnig~r 

The defending national champion 
Triton men's tearn had a disappointing 
~ Rlll:llle/~ run at a second title, finishing 8-6-4 on 

GoalIe Carl Sc:hInrtz .......... comers. the year. 

GcMnfIn flit PhDID 
~JJ_c.n.r 

Cross C01Dltry on Track 
The Triton cross counby 

men's aild women's teams 
completed one of their most 
successful seasons using a 
good milt of youth and expe-
rience. 

The women were led by 
the continued improvement 
of sophomore Karen Hinkle, 
while the men rode the fleet 
feet of frahman JJ. Castner. 

After sweeping both the 
men 'sand women' sdivisions 
in the West Reeionals in Oak-
land. the team travelled to 
snowy New Yark for the Di-
vision m Nalionais. 

Saratoga Springs State 
Park provided the setting for 
the women's recOJd-seuing 
10th-place fmish while the 
men took eighth overall 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

The UCSD men's crew team ended Its season on a row. 

, 

~rcwsn 
A year's worth of early morning practices and endless 

hours of weight training seemed to pay offfor members of the 
Triton crew. The women's varsity lightweight 4 rowers 
proved to be the highlight of the Pacific Coast Rowing 
Championships held in Lake Natoma, Sacramento, by blow-
ing away the field in the 2.000-meter course. They captured 
their first Pacific Coast Rowing Championship title, with a 
time of 8:35. 

The men's varsity 4 rowers finished an impressive second 
in the event, with a time of 6:40, while the quadruple sculls 
earned their second consecutive silver medal at a time of 
7:09. 

The men's novice lightweight 8 and novice 8 both took 
gold medals in Sacramento, while the women's novice 8 
crews took a fourth and an 11th place. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Above The Rim 
The UCSD men's basketb=ill team 

finished its season with a 17-8 record, 
but was shut out from the NCAA tour-
nament, despite ending its season by 
winning 10 of 11 games. 

The Tritons were led by third-team 
All-American selection C1ui.s Moore, 
who averaged 23.1 paints a game to 
lead the Western Region and end up 
12th in counuy. 

committee saw things differently and 
refused to select a single independent 
school from the west. "Every year they 
seem to have a different criteria," Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said at the time. 

The UCSD women's basketball 
team fmishcd its season at 13-12, giving 
the Tritons a school record with five 
consecutive winning seasons. 

Chuck Nguyen/Guan1ian 
Senior Andy Swindall 

Prior to losing at Quist College of 
Irvine, the Tritons had won nine in a 
row, raising their hopes for an NCAA 
berth through the roof. B~ the NCAA 

The young team was led by center 
Psica Scholl. who set team records for 
points in a season,493, total rebounds. 
368, and rebotnIing average. 14.7 per 

. game. 

~UCSD 
ALCATBAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
••• to lo~k Up ,our stull tritll us! 

MIIII praelll od lor 
d~anludl""_ 

We'll take care of all your storage and-moving needs ..• 
-FREE use of moving truck 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
- ' EASY to use, EASY to move 
tAU TO RESERVE A STORAGE SPAtE NO"! 

ALCATRAZ SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate Mall, La Jolla, CA 92121 

452-1041 
•• 

1·5 =======jJi:=I 
~. 

SPORTS 13 

What "angs Four 
and Loves Wax? 

, 

-' Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball, 
blondes, and 
convertibles _ 
~ 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the ' 93 model year, they're 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cassette 
that'll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment, low monthly payment, first-time buyer, and 
coJlege grad programs, they're easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at San Diego's European Auto Center 
and register to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing." 

Seethe 
All New 
Jettalll 
Today I 

Special 
VWlow 
Payment 

Plan! 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile West of 1-15 
• Must beO\tf 18.nd rtSidrnlc(CA 'Alm".ct CA~vm he. 10 rqKr. No pwdwcl'lC'CtSSlf) tOeMel' . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
(hoose from two sessions: 
June 2B·June 30 or 
August 2·September 3. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department 
will be offered. Catalogs are 
avadable now. For your fr .. copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, 
UCSD Extension Complex, BUl1ding 
A, Monday through Friday, 
8 a.m.-4:3O p.m., or phone 
534-4364. 

r 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do ,ou nMd en OII-CMIPUI ~ PublIc? 110, 
c.l5I7·7ell. (1/4413, 

"Fnt CIIIIIIIIII .......... CIucII" ,..... cIDna-
tlDnloI .. 1dndl1O help tie...., MIl '--'-. 

Pick-up"IOr~, c:tIUIdI ..... p1dp..o, 
CMlIIOOIU:eHI, eIC. lilY CIIIICIIIOn. call: P_ 
DMIII P. LMIII (Ill) 2IH282. (511-6'31 

A.S.A.P. -*I"III"'our.-,y~1Dr 
our Ie» c..... 8adlil1l beIwII SpedIII DeMIy. 
1lI8y n : TlvIf\y'I (IoIirI Mala and HIaMI), Ben & 
Jeryy'a, CIty DIll, BMIdn-RobbIne. The~. 
..... ~:~,CIMw,andKria, pianilt 
Jim 811nci, SERGE and EIIICUocIse. (813' 

Congratulationa Beth S1eIIea on recieYlng the 
Alpha Kappa Pli SchoIaIship Award, Key, IIld 
Ceniftca ... (1113) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Chilcbre wan18d _ Del MIlT. 2, 4, &. YNrald, 
n.xiblllCheGJling. 755-6172. (5127-4113) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD axcluslva 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHIHe 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Fairmair's ...................... 222-0220 
J8f1ooer J's Beach Wear .... 551·1004 
La Sandale ................... 488·1134 

UCSD EATS II DRINKS 
BJ's Piua ..................... 455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ........... ........ 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ...... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 

UCSD tEALTH II FITNESS 
Being Fr1 ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .......... ......... . 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452-7374 
Vision Care ................... 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyper1earning ............... 455-1 000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princelon Review ......... 695-9952 

UCSDJOBS 
New Car'Oealers .......... 296-3175 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ... ..452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Characte~s (W Manion) . ...... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill .......... .. 270-7860 

UCSDETC. 
SI. Germain·s ................ 455·14t4 

The UCSD Guardian 

" JASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymenl in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presenled in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursdayfor Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but norlimired to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Ann:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: StudentCenterA, topfloor; 

INTERNATiONAl EMPLOYMENT -Malle money 
lNI;hing baie WIMfHIionaI Engiah 1broId. 
Japanand Taiwan. No previous irUllng orl8lChlng 
c:ertlIicale requlnld. For Inlemalional Employment 
program. call IheInlemational EmpIoymentGroup: 
(206) 632· t 146 eJCt. J5978. (811-4113) 

SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12·$lM1r. 
OoIfun SwImming Lesaons. FIe. hours. all ....... 
call Greg. (519) 491-4837. (5120-&'3) 

Al..ASKASUMMEREMPLOYMENT-Iillllries.~ 
up 10 S eoo..'WMk In canneIie8 or S4.000+/m0nIh 
on filhlng boaIa. F_ trenopor1ationl Room & I!oerdl 
0- 8.000 openings. No eJCI*Ienoe --...y. 
Male or f'emMI. For ~ poogram cal 1· 
206-545-415511lC1. AS87S. (&'24-1113) 

INSTRUCTORS: SNOW SKI. ReYOiIIIng carpelS 
in Encinitas + San Diego. FulllPart·time from 
Seplemller 1993 Ihrougn March 1994. InfO. + 
application will be mailed July/August Send SASE: 
Adventure Ski Schools. P.O. 80x 230951. 
Encinitas, CA. 92023-0951 . (5124-1113) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 12.000+1 
monlh.wor1d~. Hotlday. SummerandCarMr 
employt1Wlt avallable. No experien<» neceuary. 
For emptoyment program call 1·206-634-0468 
.xt. C5978. (5124-1113) 

S1Itoactv1arwak?~"'CII1_Send_rd 
SASE 10: FtanI T_ ~ gaw"",_.,.doiB 
BM1 0212. ~. CA _ . (5Q7-&'3) 

Aa.-er1ising saIeIp8naI (s) & wrtIn r-*I by Lock 
Magazi1e.a~locaIllaslytepo.jJlication. 
EJO:8Iont opporVliIy I> gain --"""» IW1d .... 
good maney. cal Mark 8127tH11183. (811-6'3) 

Hiring Today! Established local company needs 5 
enthusiastic sports·minded individuals lor part. 
time Dr run·time SUMMER positions stanlng .t 
$12 per hr. CALL NOW 793-4473. (813) 

VIDEO PRODUCTION ASSISTANTS NEEDED 
lor summer inlemship. CommiMedla majors 
prnrTed. For Int8IView ca. 456-6760. (1113) 

AaIaiI ..... paIiIIon lOr 8pOI1111n In La .lola SlOBS. 
AaIaiI axperianoIlIld tenris knowIIdge a rTUI. ~ In 
pncn - Ma:II PIn 2156,.",., !lila Playa. (&'1-&'3) 

SERVICES 
Do ,ou need.n on-campus Nota/y Public? ~ 10. 
c:al1587·7911. (1/4-1113) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only SS.95. While you 
walt XIIfO_and mor • . N.arSt. Germain' • . 452-
9949. (1119-613) 

VloIlnlVloia Leuons. You Dr your child(ren) can 
learn lrom an experienced. proleaaionar teacher. 
Now accepting students - all ages and levels 
weIcomel Call Conrad, 466-0525. (312H13) 

WOlA.OYOUUKETOMEETMOREPEOPLEwtO 
HAVEnE SAME IOEAC#'FUNASYOU 001 .... 
IWapeciII_arjl.-'-alDlatbll Forrntllll 
_ .00 nerna'ati_ 1>: HOBBES. lie. 
P.O. Box 72I48t sna Cruz. CA 95081-~. (813) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITINGIREWRmNG 01 pa-
pera. "-. CIi8Ier1ationa. monograph • . George 
TIbbon. 299-2420. (611-813) 

()n l~ ' 0Il ('(tn lldp .. , 
Earn money for your 

blood donation! 
If you have active 

symptoms or'have had 
one of the following 

diseases: 
Hepatitis Rheumatoid Factor 
Rubella Syphilis Lupus 

& others 
Your blood can be worth beTWeen 
$40-$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(A subsidiary of HemoCart COrporaliOlI) 

San Diego 
(619)226-1733 

Need typIngIwadprooeuingdone?W. do any size 
jell, IWIY type at jell. I wi aIIo do ding 11-*1 cr 
wenIIId. c.. c.ot 481-41364 8Y8I1ings. (41HII3, 

TERM PAPERS! THESIS t RESUMES! Don't 
_ money & time aI dC>-~.)'OUrI8If cenl8rl. 
RELAX + Ie1 u. do your word·proceuing. hall ... 
cost. IlallIIIe timel Fr .. pk:kup + delivery. (619, 
292·11444 (24 hrs.) (4119-913, 
Word ~ypIng: _ manuac:rl>Ia. 
papers. r-. bookI,leaIIrs. QI)IIiiC:aIiCIn.Aa:uraIa' 
Flit aervIce. Mary Ann 452·9439. (511H113, 

WORD PROCESSING. Any ttpe 0( size job. 
Quality writing and edI1Ing. Laser printout. Kathy, 
454-8187. (51&-113) 

PHYSlCSlMATHTUTOR. M~lnpl1yslcswllh 
TA experience. $15/hr. 263-9444. (5110-&'3) 

~. P,oIIIIIoilli. "... *X1cIng woman 
..., ....... O"'~owIIbIe. Wi go.. 
loving ca. II your home IIId .. ........,., ant 
rT1Id1. 944-10150 ~ 9 p.m. ~. (~3-6'3) 

ClNITYSERVCES.&av~1XlfI"fIW'II. 
TUIlring:""'*'cI. EngWl._ T_,",**,.e.pe. 
riInDId ......... ~lOI. (5IZ>63) 
11 _ while ,ou PIIt/. Fall. accuw: hand wn.n 
noIIIa. no ..,.,. cal a.na 583-1528. (512+&'3) 

K:NtIG? Gat yo.s ... ___ • tho PId<Iging SIIn 
dDIIthoraet 15% .... dIIODurl7912·2299.~) 

STORAGE SPACES lor lease at n52North Ave .• 
~ Groft. CA. 484-41118. (&'27-813) 

WANTED 
WANTED. HouIai1IIng poei1Ion. ProIeuIonal. 
matu", working woman wt1h "'*- wiN give 
Io¥lng care ,., ,our home and pelS. Qullll. non-
smcI<ing, 1'IIIIabIe. Minimum one month. 944-1050 
belO", 9 p.m. pIeUe. (5113-613) 

Sudden Intense Fear? ~ Hurt rate? F .... 01 
losing ConIrQI? Six weeka drug·free therapy 
avaiIIItIeas parlor r-m study. Therapy aIIafBCI 
at noCOll. Supe<vlled by IIc:ensed psychologist ~ 
18-85 yr .• cal 458-5954. (5120-813) 

Haalthy men aga. 18·45 yaa .. old are 
neaded to participate in a UCSD M.dlcal 
Center 'Iudy examining the e"ecl 01 sound 
on tha ay.bllnk rallax and on brain wav ••• 
Compensallon will be provldad. Call 543-
2494 lor Information. (8/3) 

MARRED COUPLESwItlOutc:ltienlilllng alhorne 
.-tor_villwlngsludy. WII ..... $20 
CASH. plus comedy dub. moYiII. 0( hartIar c:ruIee 
ticMIa. pM $100 raIIII. 549-6911. (811-1113) 

FOR SALE 
Futon + frame $75. FIJIIICuMn matM! sao. Sora 
• 1Ov_ $200. Can doillver 575-8244. (5r.HI3) 

Bed-rul.~~+fU1Dn.IIke'-. 
paid $430. Uk S3OO. neg., 792-«l57. (5117-&'31 

'82 PORSCHE 924 - Grey. 17K millis. pw. PM, 
sun rool, .. reo • .- performance tIr ... .-bf_. CIbIe. cyMnderI. clutch CIIIIa + muc:lt 
more· invee1ad $3000+. Martin 458-5e291or (714) 
897·9494 alter ."'Ina. (5124-1113) 
I 989 Honda Ellie 80. 4600 miles. Good condition. 
$750. 453-3950. (5124-1113) 

WhIle FunIU'e, OW-. CoIIae T_. DIll< Two BlJI 
Rettners.1..M1ps. GoodrdCheap. Cal ~735. (&3) 

INTENSIVE 
SPANISH 

CUERNAVACA, 
MEXICO 

Travel 
Homestayrrours 

Pyramids 
Acapulco 

1.5 units/week 
stan any Monday 

COI1Utc1: 

A Better Return 
Lanpage Travel Pr 

714-731·5924 

CUIe.amIcabIe.alleclionate.CoIurTtllanred-talied 
boa SNAKE for ... Cage/1UIJI)Ii8I Included. 
$150. O.B.O. 622-0740 (613) 

GAtai CompuIer! IBM 488 - with IBM PSI COLOR 
monIIcr - EpIon jill LASER prinIIrll Only 2 monthS 
.-1 MUll'" • mcMng III F_I WorIII $3000 -
sacr1IIce 81 S2500 0.8.0 . c:al45H070Cindy. (813) 

FumiIuIB lOr sale! FlM-1im bed. ~. ~. 
~ IaI>1e IIld cNira, couch - alin 1IrriIc: .hape. 
all allB8IOf1Ib1e prIc:eI. CIII 587-3617. (613) 

BURTONSNOW8OARDFORSALE.SIIIri~ 
I. l8Ocm. bIndInga ... lizalmall (1111 up 10 liz. 9 
boot). 0Nl. Y Sl80 non-negoIiaI)Ie. CAlL Suzanne 
458-'282. (613) 

Motorcycle: 1985 Honda RtbeI 250. All-around 
good condl1lon. Economical summenlme run. 
Sl0000.b.o. 481-1895. (613) 

1982 FORD EXP - 2dr. wIo/1e & bIadI color. 
8COnomic • .-tir ... cIaan. AMAoI~.must 
11811 $10150 0( bailer oller cal 622-0833. (613) 

1981 HONDA ACCORD. G"1I8I mileage. super 
relable· No mechanlcaI probillml. 4Door. 1Ik:k. 
seso O.B.O .. carl 793-2492. (&'3, 

PRE-SKIS. 19Ocm. Solomon BIndIngs. Greal 
condition. $100 O.B.O .. San Marco SId Boo,.. 
AmoaI.-, greatcondl1ion, LedIea 9 $1 OOO.B.O .. 
POIeelnciuded. cau 793-2492. (1113) 

85 Yamaha Riva. Runs ..... lock. helmel inc. 
$800 O.B.O. Must Sell 558-4506 CaM. (813) 

CD player - Bland .- PlNIOIIie porIab1e S118 
reIaiI. Vours lOr $95. David. 792-1196. (613, 
19117C1101ic I<ImIn1 GliLIII&IIU ___ • • MI 
..... .......... c.! $4OOO0.b.0. 54»380. (5124-63) 

MOTOACYCl£: 198& Harda CBR IIOOF. EIaIIInt 
n-echanIcaI ardIon. 121( rriIII. $2.500. cal 483-

5139.(~ 

'83 vw RabbIt Only 551< mi ........... nICOrdI. 4<Ir. 
NC, great condition. 12.700. 832-e398. (5127-813, 

UVING ROOM SET: 2 t-ve COUCIIeI. con .. 
table. 2 end tables. practically new entertainment 
can,.,.. All lor $200 o.b.o. Call Sandra 259-1884 
(available In June). (5127-813) 

Twin bed+1rame. S85 O.b.D. Deak+Chalr 1850.b.o. 
All In good condition. 558-8731. (IWHII3) 

198!5 ~aa,,-IJM...artt ..... NC.IIno. 
80.000 mIaI. $3,COO. 587.1108-*9- (811-&'3) 

~:M."S101QTRS-gMcardIon.lr-.l 
.. S. $75 o.b.o. 101eIIIge: .-.0150. (&'1-M1 
Sola for ... : $25. caIIlJIInn 1122-11123. (6'1-1113) 

...., 10~merI·'ro.lbM.lliad<.goodCDdon. 
$1 00 ob.o. 587·1109 (-*'GI). (811-813) 

MovIng .... 11Ied.1ulkJze 'am firm' $12ji o.b.o. 
Ught oek dIok $50 ob.o. !55H34e. (811-813) 

'80 HONDA C8750 CUS'TCN. 39.400 .... GIBII 
~. XInI anIIIDn. rift perIIa. loUt ... ca.1II 
mowing. Orty SSOO. A1eo '-1100 '*"- Cal Shoji 
!!58-8J19or .... ..-.~ t8I1-M1 

Twin bed. EJcceIIenI conditiOn. 545.00 o.b.o. Call 
548-0871 . (811-813) 

1984 ToyD" CeIIca GT. _. 5Ipd. CD-cIIa~. 
tilted. $3.300; 1985 Honda Civic. 4Ipd. runs 
gieat, $1 .100; 1988 Yamaha Fazer. 700cc:, 12K. 
52.100: Can J. 550-0273. (611-11/3) 

Twin bed 125. Solid wood desk·must see. $50. 
Both great condition. 452-8545. (611-6/3) 
SCOOTEA. t989YamahaZuma.purchUed..-. 
1991 . Been 98IViced regular1y.SSSO o.b.o. lndudes 
coyer. 546-1912. Suzanna. (811-1113) 

Dining room table wl4 Chalra $50. COIIee 1abte 
525. can Jane 535-00&8. (611·813) 

Computert: IBM Clone compiIIta with hard drive 
$250. AppiII $250. prj'- S!5O. *11188. 
Buy 11111 beaulllul carl '88 MIlCedM-Benz coupe. 
while wlblk leather. wlllnu1 trtm. aUlD •• cyt. wi 
mech. fuellnj .• NC. 1Uf1IOOI. come _ k! 931-
40lIl-'<.753-2108 hOlM. (1/1-6/3) 
~ INIghI MI .... _ . 1ncIudea: leg 
lltadlment. barbell. dumbbele. CUI1 bar. and 
WBighIII. '100 O.b.D. s.. .... (111-813) 

For_:cw.olile--'~'l25. 
Deak 140. Call 455-52114. (1/1-813) 

Honcla PIIIPOtI KOOItI'. GINI fDr CIIIIPUt 
hliIPOI-"'. 1375 InCUIIng hellMllI1d 1Oc:k. 
Cal GIIIM 517-0541 . (811~) 

Thursday, June 3,1998 

CornforteIe chair with i00i ... GrNIIounging. 
procrII1Ina*'ll 135. Two DerIIODII '10 o.b.o. 
AIW1tft 587-111173. (811-813) 

Honda IntIIcapIOr. 1885. 5000c. RebIII"nglne. 
grMI oondIIIon. low mJIea. Sl.4OO o.b.o. AIYIn 
458-1171 . (811-813, 

IIJSTSB..UShagIItoalllI!l<E.12.,..21". iii*'-
PMI.,*".EXCEUENTcordon.Sl850b.o.:1IoaI1er 

~. ____ """IIIO:lDIIdcek~ 
dill< ~ _. sea. 551-7II1II\. (811-&'3) 

BMW 3201. Sepd. wNIa w/taupe InI8rior. """*. 
potod .. no mechanical probiamI. needa At; ...... 
only 2 _. aI malnt ..conIa lVaii. $38OO/Or 
beal DIMr. v.ry II/WII)I car. 753-2106 (1111-813) 

HOUSING 
Spacious 3 bedroom 1OWnhOule ON( UCSO 
aYaI_~ne;aI~.WMher/Clryef._. 
460-0328. (51H13) 

For ~ - WALl( UCSD. 2. 3 bedroome. 
2 car a118Ched garagea. Pool. tennla. Greal 1.t 
lima buyer financing. Open Sundays and by 
appointment. REiMAX • Judilh Haddox. Info 
anytime (819) 275-261 •. (516-813, 

Summer sublet. Furnished I1IUl8r bedroom. own 
bath. Mira Mesa house. $35OImo. can Paul 549-
6642. (5120-813) 

2 three bedroom -..1\ouaeI available July and 
September. naar UCSD. $11401mo. Nina 712-
8453. (SI1 0-813) 

Female roommale w.n1ed: 2 lOVely rooms lor 
rent. clOI8 ID Ralph • • Vons. LUCky. 10-15 mini 
lrom UGSD. NIe» and quiet neighborhood. own 
roomslshared bathroom. 12751$300. pIeUe cal 
27t-4311. HallIn. (5113-613, 

ROOMMATE NEEDED lOr summer! Own room In 
3-bdrm. condo UTC area. Pool. laundry fIIcIl1iIII. 
etc. $378 + 113 utili1iea. 587·2858. (5113-6'3, 

Summer aub1eI. RaIpha ahoppIng canter. "'10 
groceriea.OIher_._IlrMlIrom~ • 

'$271 • $407.50, depending on H 2 Of 3 people. 
MlChlune III mlcHlepl. 452-&415. (5117-813) 

FOR RENT: 3 bedroom 2.5 bath condominium 
..wUCSD.AII~. 3945CAMINOUNDO. 
July 1. $1250.00. 454-6462. (5117-813' 

FerI1IIe_'i'''W1IId. T""~umw 
1rO'ar~. WWtedr!Iyer . WaIIorbIoelo~ 
$!88/mo. • 1/4 ...... Available June 13. Gnotc:r-.t 
&3887 II' CInctt 551-9017. ($'2I)f(.l) 

Three bedroom. 1.5 bath. East Gate Mal ..... 
avalIabIe July 1. Qule1canyon view. alt appIiancea. 
wuh«ldryer. pool. SllOO1month $1000 dapoI/I. 
581-8353 or page 588-4442. (5/20-8/3) 

Summer Sublet· 2 roommaIH needed to .hare. 
muter bedroom. $195 monlh • 1/5 utility per 
per1On. Waaherldryer. CIOae III UTC. Vona. and 
bus "nee. Cal 822-0961 . (5120-813, 

~1lIIr.w£-. YCUC*looom&bIIIIoom 
Iw .. -*-: iIuDy. pool. jaa.ozzJ lie. Only S3!0J 
month 481..,87 __ baKh IW1d IdIoCIl ~ 

FernIIotIOCJlllltl...-.dIO-..loIgtbdocmtlftlnllra 
........ l~UCSD.&itPyW'i' ... 
WKJ.PIMiII_ 225 + ... 5411-9104. f&3I 

MId-.U!e 01 C01IRIIng ...... own rocm in aepersoIt 
.. In home . ........... QIiI:IIn-~. (&3) 

SlImmer SuOIII - UniY. City • 3BR House - Pool 
with".. maI_ - Availabla 5-15 thru.arty 
aep. $12801month. Cal 457-78S5. (1113) 

2Ftorre1e~WwoIed-2I1iV1toaorTW""" 
.. ..,."...S345.S335,1Or ~1III1ICtJcaIIon 
by UTe. ~. dIII1waoIhIr. daIn IW1d lOla at 

~ perIIcIlDr "*'- UCSD slIdenIiI tDcing IDr • 
amnercondo. cal 587-3617. (813) 

Del Mar! 3-cat garage c:onverI8d inlll giant cIaan 
bedroom. Cloea 10 beach. greal area. washerl 
dryer and more. Available 7/20·8/20194 
(negDIJaIIJe) Ftmalel preferred, S280-S300. call 
455-7824 (Danlelle). (1113) 

llIrT...-~NoIeded!""'-lme ____ '-

achXII! Orfy $24111T'o. Cal Aaban 0457-1325. (813) 

Room ....... House In Del Mar. $29O/mnth. 1/5 
u1IItIea. Famaia Only. cal 455-7824. (813) 

~ 2-bafl ~houae lor IUmmar. Frig. 
dIIhwaaher. _/dryer. petiO. pefklng wall III 
UCSD 558-2094. (813) 

ADam IDr Rent In La .lola Colony. Own bahIxIn. 
_1dryBr. CIMIt1Id paIkIng. pool IW1d rrtencIy 

~ A ...... In Sept; $30'montlCneg., .11 
:ulJleaand $290 sec:urIIy dIpoaIt l.ookiog 1Dr..". 
norHITIOI<er. cal KI1S or Suzanne 461H2!12. (&3) 

SUMMER SUl!LET.2 roomstoroent:UCSDcampua. 
Me.a Apartment Complex. Close to school. 
shopping. bu. lines. $539o'mon1h tor both rooms or 
$289.50 lor single, utMIdea 1nctudecI. A_ 8125 
10 1lI15 (negotiable). Call Mary 564-188t . (613) 
La JoIIai\JTC • F.male wanted ID rant room lor 
summer in 3 bed. 2.5 beth condo. Share wIIh 2 
Clean. responSible females. Fully rumlshed. $355 
Indudea utill1lea. RaChel or SeraIt ~5024. (613) 

TapItlor1nLaAagartra .. rocmlDrlle ....... ,tm 
mo.(dDuII1e):S4OO'mo~IingII....... WAIIW/lIIyIr, 
pools. 0"'. gaqoad pertq. ~ dIIIra. ~ 
.... 1c...~1~~ 

DaIperIIan ~IJune l&-S1pt 15.Own __ 
_ . l:1li. 10 "*' II1II 111 ~. PIxIl 
_~. CoaI_ .1187. (813) 

Shn ~_bacWom In DllMerta..bIIII. 
~ YMIL 0.... bcaIIon. Farnall ~ 
--. Cal7'8N4112. SnIII Pw--' (813) 

FerI1IIt ~: SIngJe 100II1 In a La Jolla 
1IIWIIhouM. W~. gnge. poole. _ 
UCSO. S381)(mo. + 114U111111. Ar- 825-0218. 
A"". 1/",13. (813) 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for lumm.r - 8115·911. 
nexl ye.r allo II nee .... ry! Own room In 3 
bdrm condo UTC .rea. Pool. laundry f.cllitills. 
.tc. $328 • 113 utilities (summer, . 587-2856. 
(5113-613) 
2 rooms aVII~ lOr IIaII June Ihru July. In UC 
arH. S33OImo. + 113 utill1lea. 10mlnU18b1ktlrOm 
campu.' Betsy 558-9207. (512~1113) 

ROCt.AAVAUBLE~I5)in~1pedcue 
t700 sq.ft. 1owoY'a.M. Ioeo ..... 1 mile tmm CIIf'IllUS. 
pool. ~ p!IIcing. washe<~. IuIy Iumiohed. 
~onIy. pioIaM.~ .. 1/4_. 
PIaaae call Tom 11296-1388 or John II 0457·9821 . (51 
2oW3) 

Wanted: Two people'" lharelOOO'l fO( 1IWMI8t. 
Jun.1S-Sept 1. 10 min. welk to UCSD. pooVspa. 
wuh.r/dry .... garage, partially lurnlshed. $260 
per person/mo. 458-0731 . (5I2.(..1J13) 

Rooms lor ",nt. Mas"r ($350). regular (1310) . 
Furnished Mi,a mesa house with 1011 01 amanl1les. 
ClOsetoshgps. buses. etc. Poot,jacuzzl. Available 
June 15. Call Paul 549-6842. (611-813) 
Summer Sublet: 2 people toshare _bedroom 
In R.naissance: bathroom13 closets In room ; 
washer/dryer, poots, gym, garage, $297.50 each 
+ 1/3 utWltin. Katina 455-5331 . (512~813) 

Room for rent. Master bedroonVbedroom. Comer 
01 Regents and Genesee. $450-$800. 457·0304 • 
part<ing, ASAP. (512~613) 

Spacious b\Mouse at UTC for rent 4 beaooms. 2 
ballrooms. arport. $14751Tro. lOr sunrnar cr year. 

~. Available July 1 stcrHl1ier(neg.). (5124-813) 
MASTER BEDROOM _In 1100 sq.ft.luxury 
CXlndo lOr summer. Close 10 school. bus line. AI 
ImlfIi1ie&. ConsideraIa, 1Iierdy non-smok8rscal558-
8057. Single or share, $ negotiatlIe - 0.b.o. (5124-813) 

3 bedroom condo oil Eastgate Mall available 
September. Poot. wil$her/dryer. $11401mo. Nina 
792-6453. (5127-813) 

3 bedroom condo near La Jolla Village Square 
available September. garage. $1300/mo. Nina 
792-6453. (5124-813) 
Roommale wanted 10 share trg. apt. in Pacffic 
Beach. 8 min. to UCSO. Own roomlbath . $375.00 
but nego. Pets. smks. okay. Avail. June 15. Nancy 
581-2819. (5127-813) 

UVE N DELMAR! Room In oondo. S32&'Iro. Pool. hot 
bob. taurOy. M'F . .JohnrOe 481--1345. (5127-1113) 

FOR RENT - SinglercomlOrfllmale In Pappare;.,yon 
Apts. for Fait 93 ONLY. Megan 457-8091. (5127-613) 

SUMMER HOUSING: Own roomlbalh In nice2br. 
in UTCIUCSD. 457·1087. (5127-813) 

CHEAP FUN this summer! Female roommale 
wanted to share master bedroom In 2 story condo 
near campus. Only $22OImonth. Call Beth 558-
7658 or Ali 45B-6879. (5127·813) 

2Femalaroorrrnareswlr'lllldklsharelalge...rumlshed 
"** bedroom with own baIh In 2 bedroom apt 
across tmm ~'s ·2_tmmUCSOlOrfai '9310 
spring '94. S2B2 per person + 113 ....-eaChwilh lAd. 
6 mo. adv. pay't. call452-6O:1S. _ F~ .. May281h can 
(714) 249-2706. Don\hesI1a1e 10 cal coIect. (5127-613) 

Villas ot RenaJ&sance SlImmer SubIe16115-9115. 
Own room in 3BDI2BA. pooIs.jaCuZZis.gym. washr!lrl 
dryer. parking garage. $335Imonth + 1/3 utliJies . 
Call Cindy or Metissa 558·1321 . (?'27-613) 

Summer sublet in large UTC apartment • La 
Regencia. Two people to share master bedroom 
Dr own room $2401$440. All amenities· gym. spa. 
pools, IVC, washerldryer In the aptl Available mid-
June · Sept.l . Call 625-0916. (5127-813) 
A house In Del Mar. Walking distance to the 
beach. Fully lumished. Doubl. nn. $570 or single 
rooms for $260 and $310. Call lor info 792-6402. 
Ask lor Ara Dr Derek. (5127-613) 

Solana Beach. oozy apartment. 2 bedrooms. panlal 
ocean view. yard. fence. near boach. 259-8217. 
(5127-813) 

Two rooms available in a large 4 bec!roOm hOuSe. 
NeJCt1D Pacific BeaCh. beautiful view over Mission 
Bay. good neighbortlood. Washerldryer. nice home. 
$375. mon'" 10 month. 273·8311 . (5127-813) 
Rooms lor rent In spacious house across street 
lrom UCSD. can lOr Inlo. 552-0920. (5127-813) 

Sun..-lUIIIt. t.ge .... dllIIlnPD In ... 3 
tDm. oondo. ""'- bIIh __ jaa.ozzJ lb. Welherl 

drjW,pooJ.l!lI.~$400I1III. +"'_III"" 
leO uta • Urind. UN. 822-9541. (5Q7-813) 
Two girls n- to shate IIrge muter bedroom 
In spacIoua condo 1 mile from UCSD. $325Imo. + 
113 utilities. Tennla. pool. raoqueIIal. jaCIIzzi and 
garage Included. Call 453-s:w3. (5127-1113, 

~ bedroom 10 renllUmmerlklnger. IncIudee 
washe<1dryer. dishwasher. microwave. Also gym. 
pools. spas. lois more. Mont Ioifo 558-8732.$372.50 
share bethroom. $400.00 own bathroom. (5127-613) 
Roommates wanted: 528511 • $57012. Can be 
Irlends 0( lingle. Nice apt in new btdg.lndudlng 

bul~· in wuhldry. room wi beth. security bldg .• 
pool & jacuzzi. gr&algym. cIo .. ,., Vond 34Abus 
stop. Call Tom at 457·8123. (5127-813) 
Room available lOr summer. Very cJose to UCSD. 
bus line. shopping centars . Spacious. near. own 
balcony. nice view. peoklng. pool. hoi tub. WID. 
friendly roommate • . $375. F.male nonsmoker 
prelerred. 622'()()98. (5127-813) 
NEXT YEAR: lor 2 lemale roommate(s) needed. 
Master bdrm. UTC condo. $3931$275 .. 1/3 util . 
587·2658. (5127-613) 
Summer roommates wanted. Spacious. with pool . 
jacuzzi. patio. garage. laundry. 5 minute drive to 
schoot or shuttle. cJose to shopping. pets weIco/Tl8. 
$3045.587-4725. (5127,813) 

&mner AlrtaI. Uriversity City house. 5 bedooom. 3.5 
boih,pooJ. 5IlIL SI59!)'morCh.l.e;Wt~720. (5127-613) 

28M SA house. LeucadiB: coast bus aocess. Pool. 
SecJusion. IW:HW4. $1000 mo. 94:Hl703. (5Q7-613) 
ForllHtfreaae. North Palk.S250.00+I.CIII8s. t becnlorTV 
1 bafl. 370 oqf • ..-. aepersoIt~. airoordtioned. 
noIrIgeraIar & ,,*,-In ~ home. CUcoI. _ 
neigllbothood. _ pMOng. 5-mirlIte _ 10 PIA*: 
Iao..ndry & tl1'''.jXlitaliotl. 2CHninJ. drive to carTl'U'L 
Seel<ing 1emaIe. non-smoWng. no pelS. no iIIgaJ drugs. 
lOr mooe benetIs & details cal eves 2!1!t-1m4. (5127-613) 
Need a roomfor ... SUI'I1I1W1 U)O. &bIeI.1\.mished 
rocm In 4BR UnIverIi1y City house. W~. 
caIlIelV. own phone. ooot hOu88maIII8. MIld &aJdenI 
wi! begone6f.!2·1lI15. Aenlan::ld818S negcIiabIe. Cal 
mel Andraa 55&-2545. (5127-613) 
Room available lor summer! Perfect place to stay 
lOr summer. close to everything In downtown La 
Jolla and bHdl. Bright and channing. 459-0370. 
(5127-813) 
Summer Sublet. Own lumished roorn.bath . Pool. 
washer/dryer. close to UCSD. Vons. etc. 
$340mo.+114 util. Call 558-2402. (611·613) 
SUMMER SUBlET: Halle own tImIsh8d room In 
spacious. ~3bad. 2.5ba111t:lWnhOUs8. 2dec1<s. 
waroerldryar. pool. pMcIng. Near bus. 5 om: IJCSO( 
UTC. GREAT ROC:ltMMTES! 551HOO8. (&'1-613) 

OWn room (Iurni&I1er:VI.. baJtroom. balcony. 
W;rUed IemaIe non-smok8r I> share 2 betttlom. 2.5 
ba1tYcomcondo.AmeniIies:wasI1er/dIy9r,dishwashar. 
fIrePace. at:. RecreatiOnal __ AvaiIaIlIe JuI11 . 

~ptJs 112LC1ties.n!L idoIMciot ' ... Cheaper 
th&O lYing on CIfTl>US and nicer! 0457-3830. (&'1-613) 
Wanted: Person to share a house In OeIlAarwilh 
6 lemales beginning 9/93. 558-4718. (61t-813) 
Don'lwanl to get stuck in the dorms? Want 10 ba 
cJoseto campus? $3OOImo.+uU. wiU g.tyDutherel 
Spacious prillale room In huge condo wlspa. carl 
548-8881 • Summer available. (611-813) 

Girl wanted to share double room in the 
Renaissance lOr FAlL OUARTER ONLY I Pamela 
558-3001. (611-813) 

Almost free rent' 2bdr. hous • • Windansea BeaCh. 
LaJolle. SI OOImo. lorthesummer. To people who 
iovedogsl Alter summerone room sublet possible. 
Andrei 459-3298. (611-813) 
Do you have an extra room In your apt or condo 
available In Sept.? t need a place to live ltanlng 
n.xt lall! Eric 558·7706. (611 ' 613) 
Vilas 01 Renassanoe. ()'61WO ooommaIe(s) waoted lor 
sumner rerwar. WrtShrKtayet. garaged pw1cirg. pools • 
gym. campus bi<aabIe, 118)(1 I> lJTC. $244 mo. (cbbIe); 
S488mo. (singIe)+II41MtieS. 622-9619. (llI1-6'3) 

WOWI Fal in love wIIh huge 1930's style house! 
Quiet cukl&-sac. Hal pool, spa. fenced yard. all 
appIianc)M plus fireplace & hardWOOd 1Ioora. 3bd' 
2ba. we'", lOOkIng lor a roommate. your own room. 
or you can ahare. S3OO+I8C. eJep.+ 114 utilities. cal 
Jemlfllr at 275-4571 . GOlden HI. (611-1113) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Apartmenl or condo needed tor 'UIM* IUbIeI. 1-
2 bdrm. Call Mall .. 558-2017. (1/1-813) 

Clalremon1$300 mo .• ll3 uti!. Largaroom. 3bdrm. 
house. yard. Qullltc:ul-de-_. lmmed. avail. 273-
4238. (811-813) 

RoommalewenladlDrne""aII. l mlletromClrf1lUl. 
Share huga ma_ bedroom. own bethroom. wI 
garage+wuherldryer. Great deal. $210 mo. Call 
Dennie 546-9355. (811-813) 

FEMALEROa.1MATENEEDEOloraeoond ......... 
sdloot _ or en1i8 suomw. 0rVy S275 mo. IDr 
beautifullal Pa1ma13 betttlom. 2SDyoondo.,.;pooi. 
cal />mf 5&&-9017 or Usa -453-6883. (811-613) 

IblmmaIewaoted 7/1-&'31 . :Jr. oondo U.C. M'F.Not. 
Single orshanl. Near ... 5335. 457-«371. (&'1-&'3) 

FEMALEt£EDED.OWNROOM.l.ookioglarhoUtling 
next wi1Ispr1ng? cal Kim 450-9279. (&'1-&'3) 

SUMMER ROOM NEEDED lor July in lamale 
~ PlaMecai SiDbhan 81 622·1903. (811-613) 

La JoIa\JCSO: $270 mo. 0uIeI. ~ temaIe 
~. Serilus &aJdenI ~ ShIn vety 
~.I\.mished or IM1fumiIIhed _ bedroom. own 
be.1. ~ dD&IIt watJhIiI~. caIlIelV. beaUIIUI 
......... 1adIIty. 455-1no. (&'1-1113) 

La JoIa Colony: Shoot IIIrm ranIorsfIIacaIi: $t 00 
per week. Available now II June 20. R.mished age 
bedroom. own baIh Invety nIoeapartment. caIlIe.gym. 
pools. spa. paoIcIng, taunay. 45!'>-lno. (611-613) 

UTc/uCSD: S250 shI", : S430 own • • vallable 
June 15. call J. 550-0273. (611-813) 

Female non·smoker. $300 own room+bath+ 1/4 
utilities. University City. Jucty. UaaorBe11ina. 597· 
0742. (811-813) 

Summer sublet Easlgale a",. $350+113 utilities. 
June 15-SeptI5. Poot. spa. all amenities. Bike to 
school 622·1142 Tyson. (611-813) 

La JoI6'UCSD two bedrooms available July 10 
share three bedroom -..hou .. near UTC and 
UCSD. Pool and laundry. $350 per month each-t-ll 
3 utilities. Call Bren 558-3345. (611-813) 

Sunmer UIeI: pm-. bcaIIon. WaIotII<e 10 UCSO. 
SIngle $325. doo.AlIe $275Ioa. cal 0457 -(J173. (811-6'3) 

BeacIt house - share large La Jolla SIlo ... home 
with 5 grad sludents. Private room & bath. laUndry • 
bus line. ocean. Non-smoI<er. 5345.118 utlUties. 
454-0822 or 551-9589. (611-613) 

CHEAP SUMMER SUBLETI Unlv. City - only 
S235mo.+ 116 utilities. Female to share room June 
13·Sept. 16. Call 548·9456. (611-613) 

Cannel Varley: Holls1lcally-conscious, matu",. 
chemical free. non-sexist. vegewian preferred 
lor quiet house. $375/month. 792·5898. (811-1113) 

Want you own room and bath juSi lor summer 
school? (or .ntire summer) All utilities 
Includedl Cable. HBO. 5 min. Irom campus . 
lurnl.hed Dr unfurnished. $395 mo. 625· 
0664. (6/1 -6/3) 

FREEl We" actually $690 mo. 2 bedroom 2 bath 
summ.r condo. all utilities Inctuded. Clalremont. 
272·8758. (811-1113) 

Roomlorrenr.Own becioomandbath, ..wcampus. 
on bus ina. S300 mo. 453-7449. (611-613) 

Cheap summer sublet • 2 bedroom. 6115-9115. 
near UCSD, UTC. $550. utilities inciuded. Call 
587-2151 . (611-813) 

1 room· La ..lola Colony. :Irl'2ba. laundry. pcD'apa. 
$32000'gaw'age. U)O.wo. DonIIan. 622-0929. (611-613) 

Male roommate wanted lor '93-'94 llChoot year . 
$32Q-35O/mO • 1/3 util. at Renaissance Villas. 
includes pool. fitness room. II!d wash .. dryer. 
avai. September caJl587·6047. (1113, 

PERSONALS 
To: MacIlavl, Alka. Bonnie. Jung. MOIrCia. Neda. 
Beth (bolh or you). p.arr. Carrie. Salleh, AnIta, 
Klnu. Tehseen. Manal. Sabe. Helka. Cindy. 
Fumnl . Abha - THANK YOU FOR YOUR 
FRIENDSHIP - Naz. (613) 

Congratualtion 10 graduation senior. of .a Chi 
Omegal W. lOve you .nd _'11 miss you very 
muc:lt. (1113) 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
InSUI'1lllC8. Health Plans 

Medl-Cal A.cceoted 
VIla. MasterCard. DiICOvet' 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 B,rch St 
(714) 851-1201 

fiilj7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

ATTENTION UCSD GRADSI 
Welve Gal A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationaUy renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

Spring Computer 

SALE 
Mac's & pc'S 

Powerboak 165C 4/86 ........ $2969 (New) 
HD300MB SCSI (MACO .... $449 (New) 
PC NOiebooks ..................... rrom ~9S 
Conner 170 MB HD IDE ..... $219 (New) I call to order I 
NEW dLR PENllU.M. NOW 

'286-16 wll.2 m 65MBHD, 
VGA Color ...... $369 (Used) 

PS/2 syslerns ........................ rrom $349 
Larct "'pply of print.< cables '" diskdlt rasa 
011", N..," U"d "IWpmtrll.I,,,,,,,," lIIpfJIia 

FilUlncinglRtllling A ~IIiIab/e 
Call NUC for quotes 

New'" Used Computers 689·0122 
If it's Tuesday, 

it must be "TOES DAY" 
PEDICURES lS% OFF 

Eam '" to 15 units this S"lIlIner 

atSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin throughout the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
e Uncrowdea campus - no parking congestion 

Register by mall now, or In person 
beginning May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5830 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 .m • 4:30 pm 
Mond., • Frld., 

Call SDSU 
Summe, SessIons, 

594·5152 
for Informlltlon or to 
have. free catalog 

mailed to yOUI 



\ \ 

16 SPORTS 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

,,(;;""$1 ~ DRAFT1~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY • DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

call 414 

at L.:Auberge Del Mar 

with a special 
Champagne Brunch 
on Sunday, June 13 

10 am to 2 pm 
Enjoy spacious indoor or terrace dining next to gentle waterfalls 

and herb gardens. Chef Gary Slattery serves carved meats, 
pasta. omelettes, organic salads, pastries and more! 

Private catering facilities also available. 
$19.95 per person 

(Not including tax & gratuity) 

Call 259-1515 for reservations 
1540 Camino Del Mar • Del Mar 

SCRIPPS MES.\ STORAGE 
ONE MONTH 
FREE 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Self Service storage 
at lowest rates 
With UCSD /D. No SlCUTi/)' deposit. 110 adm,ftt 

Pay for 2 months I 
get the third month 

FREE 
I OUTDOOR CAR STORAGE AVAlUILE I 

9780 Candida St. 

5x6-$2O 
5 x 7 -$22 
$401$44 lotul rent Jor 3 months 

9780 CANDIDA ST. 
CIndId. 

~ 
III i 

566·3881 ,.I, ~ +S2' ...... k----+--'t-

The UCSD Guardian 

Triton Rocky 
Mountain BlueS 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
gtt a rude welcome in its first season in 
the Mountain Pacific Sports Federa-
tiOIL Playing against a tough slate of 
Division I schools, Coach Rod Wilde's 
team finished 1-18 in conference play 
and 2-26 overall. 

"Because of the injuries throughout 
theseason, our progress wasrea1ly ham-
pered. but the players still played wen. It 
was a successful season," said Wilde, 
who resigned after the season to join the 
U.S. National Team as an assistant. 

All-AmerIcan Robyn lnaba 

UCSD Tennis 
Captures Fifth 

UCSD's men's te~ team ended 
its season with a fifth-place finish at the 
Nationals. including the surprise run of 
unranked doubles paI1nersJeffBethard 
and John Cross. Bethard-Cross ran off a 
string of upsets before fma\ly losing in 
the doubles final. The men flnshed the 
regular season with an 8-6 record. 

The women's tennis team contin-
ued its string of successful seasons by 
p\acingftfthattheNCAA TennisCbam-
pionships. UCSD, 12-5, led by theAll-
American doubles tandem of Miki 
Kurokawa and senior Robyn Inaba. 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

Dan O'BrIen provided a latHeason punch In the Triton lineup. 

The Triton baseball team hit its share 
of peaks and valleys, posting a 15-20-1 
record on the season. 

Aftcrstartingout 1-7-1, UCSDrode 
the bat of team MVPOuis Miyake. who 
shrugged offa s1uggishstart by finishing 
the season with a UCSD reard 18-
game hitting streak and a team-high 
.354 batting average. 

The team was decimated by several 
season-ending injuries to key staners, 
forcing Head Coach Lyle Yates to rely 

on his inexperienced fresIunan. 
But the youngsters came through, as 

the Tritons reeled" off 12 wins in 16 
games, propelling UCSD into playoff 
contentiOIL 

However, the Tritons fell apart, los-
ing all nine games of a crucial road lrip 
and putting a damper on an otherwise 
remarkable season. 

"It was so tough for this baIlclub to 
win on the road, and that was the differ-
ence," saidYates. 

Swashbucklers Control Conference 
The UCSD Triton lady fencers ex-

tended theirconference unbeaten streak 
to 24 games before falling to the UCLA 
Bruins. 

San Diego captured its second con-
ferencechampionshipand placedfourth 
at NCAA Regionals. Yumi Nishiyama 
dueled to sixth place individually. 

The men also had an impressive 
year, winning their conference and fin-
ishing fourth in Regionals. 

SeniorcaptainAaron Shebestposted 
the top conference record and earned 
first alternate honors for NCAA Na-
tionals in the individual competition at 
Regionals. 

.' 

Thursday , June 3,1993 

Jason RHdI,MGUM:II.." 
All-AmerIcan D~le Abraham drove UCSD to Its first championship. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Triton golf team gave UCSD 
its only national championship of 
the year when it captured the 1993 
NCAA Divison III Golf Champi-
onship at its home course, Torrey 
Pines on May 22. 

The Tritons finished 12 strokes 
ahead of runner-up Ohio Wesleyan, 
1190-1202. UCSD actually had to 
come from behind, since the Tri-
tons were down by five strokes af-
ter two rounds. 

But a blistering tournament-best 
round of 293 on the third day cata-
pulted UCSD into first place by two 
strokes with only one round left to 
play. 

The performance earned UCSD 
three .of the six first-team AIl-
American honors. Dale Abraham, 
who finished second individually 

Lords Rule Pool Despite 22 UCSD AD-Americans 
A total of 22 swimmers and divers 

garnered All-American honors at the 
NCAA Swimming and Diving Olam-
pionships, but both the men's and 
women 's teams finished second to the 
Kenyon Lords' swimming contingent 

Four-time All-American senior 
SabrinaLum brokethreeschool records 
at the meet Lum took second place in 
the 500-yard freestyle (4:59.6) and 200-
yard buttertly and third in the 100 fly 

(57.5) 
All-American Jamie Couch broke 

two school records. Couch tied for third 
in the 5O-yard freestyle (24.07) and set 
another mark in the 100 free (52.93). 

The men scored 442.5 points, just 
behind the Lords' 552. Travis Miller 
was a force to be reckoned with, break-
ing two national records on his way to 
capturing Swimmer-of-the-Meet hon-
ors. Miller shattered the 200-yard 1M 

U(SDtXTENSION 
UtllVtRSITY Of CAlifORNIA , SAN DltGO 

record (\:50.13) and also emerged vic-
torious in the 200-yard backstroke 
(1:48.8). 

UCSD women divers took second, 
third, fourth and fifth in the one meter 
event and fU"St, third, fourth and fifth in 
the three-meter event Jill Jackson took 
top honors for the Tritons in the three-
meter event and was the runner-up in 
the one-meter. Julie Goldstein finished 
third in both events. 

Develop the Skills That 
Help You Get a Job 

with a 295, was named first-team 
All-American. 

Joining Abraham on the first 
team were teammates Brock Shafer 
and Pete Roberts. Triton Jeremy 
Moe was selected to the second 
team. 

Earlier in the year, Moe was 
named to the NCAA team for this 
summer's USA-Japan matches in 
which a team of NCAA golfers will 
travel to Japan to take on that 
country's best golfers. As the sole 
Division III member of the team, 
the honor recognized Moe as the 
nation's best. 

"This is the best team I've ever 
had," UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra said after the Tritons cap-
tured their first national title in IS 
years of appearances. 

UCSD Softball 
Strikes Out 

The Triton softball team got off to a 
rough srart. Despite a season.qlCDing 
win,theTritonshadneitherthedepth-
they had only 11 players on the roster at 
the start of the season - nor the experi-
ence to stay competitive. UCSD was 
stifled by their anemic offense early in 
the year. As a result the team finished its 
season at 6-27. 

~ ersonal and professional skills are critical to landing a 
.... job and succeeding in the workplace. UCSD Extension 

offers a variety of courses and workshops that help you 
build confidence and skill in communication, computa-
tion, problem solving, and leadership from your first 
day on the job. Many of these courses offer credit that 
is applicable to many of the Professional Certificate 
Programs in Business and Management. Look for the 
following courses this summer: 

CALL US! 
452-UCSD 

• Computer Literacy 
• Software Training on Excel, Paradox, and 

3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 arn-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

II NOIODY . KNOWS . LIlli 
. . . DOMINO'S 

~:;'!!:; 
.~~ 

SPORTS 17 

UCSDRuns 
Wild at NCAA 

UCSD's women's track and field 
squad captured the San Diego City 
Cbampionships title and finished fomb 
in the competitive CCAA conference 
championships hosted by UCSD. Se-
nior Erica Washington stole the confer-
c:nce 200rneter title in 25.11. 

Senior Jeff Taylor led the Triton 
men to a fourth-place conference finish, 
hurling the hammer an unmatched dis-
tance of 20 1'2". 

A total of 13 Tritons qualified for 
nationals held in Berea, Ohio, and five 
returned with All-American honors in-
cluding Washington in the 100 metc:ni 
(second, 12.11), Matt Inskeep in the 
decathlon (fU"St, 7,014 points), Taylor 
and Curtis Williams in the hammer 
Ihrow(fIfth, 188'5" and eighlh, 174'2", 
respectively) and Pat Foy in the 800 
meters (sixth, 1:52.71). 

L C S 1J's K ILL L R IJ L. \ L L C S l) '., P:\ l{l' I I \ S I Windows 
• Effective Management Principles and Practices 
• Effective Writing and Presentations 
• Elementary Accounting I 
• Financial Accounting for Non-Accountants 
• Financial Management and Analysis I 
For a free catalog describing these and other UCSD 
Extension summer programs, phone 534-0406, Xl161. 

I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2·ToPPING PIZZAS : 2·ToPPING PIZZAS: 
II FOR O~LY $13~t~ I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I 

"'_. _ I FOR ONLY $17.99 I I JUST ASK SPECIAL I I 
I =.":.g.:,~~~. : CALL US! p/Y$tu : 
: CALL US! II I 4S2-UCSD I 
I 4S2·UCSD • I ~"""NDI.IIIII_'" I 
• NDI_ ... ..,-_. •. • a." l: __ " ~6/30/93 04 • 

~------------ ----------_ .. ~-..y _ ....... _cMvtng:Ourmtvn'*'Y loll "'120.00 . 

-

-

... 



18 

Softball 
Playoff Wrap-up 

MEN'SMA 
III Homophobic (11-1) 
came from two runs down In 
the4lh inning as they cIIrrbed 
past SmIck SquId (7-4) 10. 
7 in a Championship Softball 
Final that shut up the biggest 
trash talkers on campus.IMH 
was led by veteran 
softballers, Gabe Ruiz, Steve Pelote, and 
Sean Evans. Their Tuesday afternoon win 
capped a sweep of a two-game series that 
eventually decided the championship in 
the double-elimination affair. 

Season-long No. I , Clptlln Fogcutlers 
(aka Phi Delta Theta), got a taste of their 
own trash talking medicirle Sunday and 
dropped a crucial double-header to the top 
two when their usually reliable defense 
crash and burned. 

IlEN'SM 

coeOM 

jumped out to a big 13-0 
lead after three imings and 
were never threalened. 

The Masterballers forced 
an extra championship 
game when they pulled out 
a 14-10 win over the 
Earthpigs earlier In the 
week. 

Lisa Gill and Shannon Bartch had seven 
and six hits apiece In the Coed AA Cham-
pionship fiasco as !hay led Chuck and 
Duck to an easy 25-6 thumping of BItmIn 
Return • . An II -run first inning ruined any 
chances that the usually high scoring 
Batman team had of waking off with the 
big 1IOphy. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Is II NO 0 D To U 
Record Turnout For Balketball 
DylUJSty tklhrontd, Shapiro JilUllly gtlS on lop 
With a record 40 

teams playing for titles in two 
divisions the morning began 

bright and earty with CIRCUS, 
CIRCUS taking center stage. Richie 
Shapiro led his squlK!to the AA champion-
ship back in March and was looking for the 
hoops exacta In this event 

ObvIously not the most talented team in 
the B division, CIRCUS relyed on their 
experience, outside shooting and cocky 
atlitudes to gain a birth in the finals against 
peremial runner-up, FAB FIVE. Richie 
can cash thai exacta tlcke~ 'cause he led 
his 3-ring act to another title, 1 t -5. 

Before the big boys mixed It up in the 
open division, the tournament took a break 
to find the best dunker on campus. The 
annual slam dunk contestfeatured the spac-
tacular (Mike WeUs' two-handed, double-
thunder - barefoot~ and the unusual (Alvin 
Woo and his backboard head-butt spacial). 
No-one impressed the judges or the crowd 
like Eryn Houston. His winning effort was 
a high arching, long distance, two-handed 
jam that began out aI the free-throw line 

and finished with an exclamation point high 
above the hoop. 

The Open dIvislon ttvaaned to be ~ 
other showcase for 2-tinedalending cham-
pion THE FUTURE IS NOW. They ~ 
assuring a thraa-paal after wiming last 
year's title. While stroIlng through their 
pool, the trash really began to fty. In the 
semi's the defending champs were pushed 
by RESSA DUNKS? who had the ball and 
a chance to win twice, but couldn't convert. 
The other semi also went overtime, before 
THE 11 DUNK SQUAD finished off a game 
OFF AT 10.1 team. 

The final took shape quickly. Christ 
Moore continued his terrible shooting and 
DUNK didn't allow many 2nd chances. 
Along with CIvis, EJ, Rod, Karaem and 
BrIK! couldnl manage to beck up the talk 
and,got down quickly. DUNK owned the 
paint with wide body Bryan Van Noy, John 
Spence and KahlU Allen while Brian Capella 
and Nale Hantgin handled the chores out-
side. This got ugly with THE 11 DUNK 
SOUAD blowing away the champs for the 
title. The final, 11-4. 

Thursday, June 3,1993 

N It II N T 

Soccer 
Every year about this time the Rae. Gym 

undergoes I weird lnInsformalion - a faw 
changes and 10 and behold we have our 
very own indoor SOCCIf 8Ien8. For two 
grueling days soocer becomes a 6 person 
sport with walls and a size 4 ball. The 
action is slways Intense and this year was 
no exception. 

The coed division was dominated by 
BECAUSE I SAID SO. This team was 
anchored by the goaltending of Todd 
Migliaccio who recorded two shutouts on 
the way to the championship. BECAUSE 
I SAID SO was not challenged until the 
final match. Altar falling behind 1-0 to 
HA TTRICKS, BECAUSE I SAID SO turned 
it on and won by the final score of 4-2. 

The Kardllc Kldl completed a dream 
season Iale Sunday afternoon when !hay 
demolished the Padres FInal Cuts 18-9 in 
the Men'sAA Championship game. Steve 
Roby had four hits to IelK!the Kids 27-hit 
attack. The Katdiac Kids went through the 
season unscathed with a perfect H mark. 
We'll be seeing all of these boys in the real 
big league next year .... right guys? 

Chuck Ind Duck went undefeated dur-
ing Coed AA play this season (7-0) and 
will be likely candidates for the National 
League's next expansion team in 1995. 
This team had way to too much talent 
especially on the female side. 

The men's 'S- division witnessed some 
dramatic irony that our pal Willie 
Shakapeere would have admired. OH 
BACONI met WANKERS PELIGROSO in 
the finals, a repeat of an earlier match 
narrowly won by OH BACON! 3-2. How-
ever, this time the outcome would be d~­
ferent In perhaps the best match of the 
tournament the teams fought back and 
forth down to the wire and ended tied. 
Even five minutes of sudden death over-
time couldn't break this deadlock. Finally 

1 _ _ ___________________ --, in penalty kicks WANKERS PEUGROSO 

MEN'S A 
The BIll Dividers (8-2) used a big S-run 
first inning to quickly demoralize Phil Me 
(8-2) as they waltzed off with the Men's A 
Championship 6-3. The Ball Dividers got 
hot in the play-offs (they were a third place 
team in their regular season) and struggled 
through 5 consecutive hard-fought ball 
games to come out as Men's A Champs. 

WOMEN'S AM 
Earthplga for Choice (6-2) blasted Amy 
Goldberg's upstart Masterbatters (6-3) 
18-7 in the Women's Championship Final 
last Wednesday behind the hitting of Jen 
Walsh and Seana Coulson. The E-Pigs 

coeD AI 
We',. No Angell (8-0) used a big 8-run 
third inning to vault themselves past a 
solid Drunk' N Euy ctub (6-1) in the first 
Coed A 1 ~. MlchalleWootfff 
pounded out 4 hits and Erika Shipley 
chipped In with three to IeIK! the Angels to 
their 21-13 victory. 

The Coed A 1 Play-offs featured only the 
champions of the 12 Coed A regular sea-
son leagues and proved to be an ex-
tremely competitive play-off division. 

COED A 
The Big Stick. ( 8-1) lived up their name 
two Sundays back as they annexed the 
Coed A championship from the kings and 
queens of laid-back softball, DI'lslandahi 
(7-2). The Slicks won the big ona 14-2with 
a big 7-run second. BlairJohnsonpounded 
out four hits for the winners. 

Chief Take. Hula 
Bowl Crown 

With a combination of high-powered offense and stifling 
defense, the defending champs walked away with another 

title. They entered the playoffs averaging 56 points per outing. What do the great 
teams do in the playoffs? You guessed It. !hay step up to the next level. CHIEF ran 
all over ~OOTER HUNTERS (64-22) and CRAZED TOURISTS (66-20) to gain a 
birth in the prestigious Hula Bowl. 

In the final, CHElF faced their toughest test in YOUR MOTHER. Unfortunately, 
MOTHER entered the final injured and exhausted after a grueling semi against EVIL 
DICKS, BRA. 

The defending champs put the heat on early and led the Hula Bowl 28-6 at 
halftime. Hoover went to his famous halftime speech and kicked every water-cooler 
and chalk board around. Not even an appeal to the Hawaiian Gods could slow Matt 
Reis, Ryan Campbell & Co. Though they were held to season low 42 points, CHElF 
stin had little trouble taking home another title. The final 42-12. 

Gt.phics by Tn Eon 

Volleyball Finals Tonight 
Evian Spike Fest Outlook 
COEDAAAA 
10:15pm 

The featured matchup of the night should 
be a bam-bumer. The number ona seed 
MEDDUNG KIDS has had little trouble in 
their first two playoff games. Led by the 
pounding of Ben Goldhammer, the block-
ing of Lynna Dixon and defense of Trixie 
Mauleon this squad has been on top all 
season. They are balanced and talented 
and should be ready for their title shot 

On the other side of the nat is a team 
thafs been on a roIler-coaster all season. 
They started the year losing two of their first 
three matches and barely made the play-
offs as the last seed. SCOREBOARD 
BABY struggled to win their playoff opener 
(11-9 in the third game) before easily dis-
patching their second round opponent. 
Every member of this squad has Intercolle-
giate experience, though some havn't 
played at that levelin this decIKIe. Plenty of 
experience and ~, but can they stay 
sharp ~ ~ goes three games and the usual 
infighting and bickering makes time-outs 
so much fun. 
The evIIn computer lIya: MEDDUNG 
KIDS to win 2-1. 

coeD AM 9:15pm 
Once again the number one seed has 

advanced into the finai and both teams won 
their respective leagues. HUMPTY 
BUMPTY had little trouble with thair league, 
and their first three playoff match-ups. In 
the semi's they were pushed by PENILE 
IMPLANT befOre prevai~ng 2-1. CBptain 
Mike Huang will build on that semi-final win 
to have his team ready for everything that 
gets over the net 

SETS ON THE BEACH hasn't lost a 
match all season and spent the entire Me-
morial Weekend aI the ~h practicing. 

They want this title and have guaranteed 
victory In tonights match. Win or lose, it's 
been a great season. 
The evlln computer saye: SETS ON 
THE BEACH to win 2-0. 

COED M 9:15pm 
This is a new division formed by the 

premier teams from the 'A' level for the 
playoffs. The best team all year was 
GRACELAND WARRIORS II. They havn't 
lost a game in the playoffs and appear 
unbeatable. Veronice Albano has orches-
trated a dream season that won't be com-
plete without the title. 'No one can bell us 
aI this level,· she claims. Bold talk, but so 
f. they have backed n all up. 

JUST HIT IT was nearly OO'd for missing 
a game time, but now that they are in, 
they're making the best of it. They also won 
their league and are perfect in the playoffs 
to date. The two lop teams are in this final, 
which means ~ should be a toss-up. 
Thleviancomputlruya:GRACELAND 
WARRIORS II to win 2·1 

COED A 8:15pm 
There is no form in this division. The 

number one seed is out The number two 
seed is out The number three seed is out 
We've got the number four seed, JUST 
DIG IT, and the number eleven seed, 
BUMP, SET, BUMP batltlng for the crown. 

This ping-pong match is likely to go 
three games and the winner will probably 
be the squIKI able to stay out of the net 
when it counts. For whet irs worth, JUST 
DIG IT has won mora games and looks to 
have more talent, but BUMP is enjoying 
the upset role enough to pul off another 
surprise. 
The evIan computer uya: JUST DIG IT 
to win 2.(1_ 

8rIl8Ig8d victorious to claim the title and 
the right to do a DisneyWorid commercial. 

The man's Open division also supplied 
several surprises. Both pool winners were 
ousted in the semi-final round which set up 
a showdown between 
GENTLEMAN'S CLUB and 
DREAM TEAM RESERVES. 
In a rough and tumble f lnall'r---u.~Q\ 
GENTLEMAN'S CLUB ", a • 
proved themselves the bet-
terteambycomingawaywijh 
a convincing 3-1 victory 

Coed Team Badminton 
In the sporting world Monday nights 

have come to be associated with ABC's 
broadcasting team of Gifford, Michaels, 
and Dierdorf and Monday Night Football; 
however, at UCSD In recent weeks Mon-
day has become official Team Badminton 
night. The action is hot (and not just be-

leval. These guys really make that shuttle-
cock fly. Some of the closest matches of 
the entire tournament were played in the 
semi-finals. SMASHED POTATOS and 
BYE BYE BIRDIE squeaked by their re-
spective opponents on points after tying 
in games 4-4. When these two jugger-
nauts met in the finals we were forced to 
keep spectators INlay from the gym for 
fear of sruttleCOCK envy. After a mara-
thon match thaI lasted 1 112 hours 
SMASHED POTATOS captured the title 
by winning the finai game to clinch a 5-3 
victory. 

BJ's 
f1 ' $ 

Pizzeria 

BUY ANY 
FOOTLONG SUB 
AT THE REGULAR 
PRICE AND GET A 

FREE 
22-Oz. DRINK 

• CHI'. 
WITH ITUMNT 10. 

NOT 'lAUD WITH Atn 
OTH&1t ,.IIC)MO. 

,. \ . 
o ANY 
LARGE PillA 
PIetJse prewIIt coupon wben ord"ri"8. 
Valid / 01' dt.~IIIf!ry, corry<Jl.t or dine I". 

~:v"I"'s 6I3CJ193 

filE CAMPUS DELNDY TO YOUI DOOI 
Sun 11 :30 am' IT P':"f M-Th 11 am-ll pm 

Fri. & Sat .. 1 arn-12 mid 

8873 Villa LaJolla Dr. LaJolla Village Center 455-0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU tbe best! 


