
ELSEWHERE 

Student Paper Ends 
Dally Publication 
BERKELEY - As a result of 
declining ad revenues and other 
debts, the Daily Calijomiall, 
UC Berkeley's student newspa-
per since 1897, has cut back 
production to three days a week. 
The paper, which has been 
independent of the university 
since 1971, has cut its budget by 
$300,000 in the past two years. 
"I'm learning about the real 
world here, the real journalism 
world," Editor in Chief Nick 
Perlmuter said. If the cutbacks 
are successful, the five-day-a-
week schedule could resume as 
early as Oct. I. According to 
Perl muter, however, that 
forecast may be an optimistic 
one. "Crisis is not something 
new at the Daily Cal. We're 
prepared to make as much 
sacrifice as possible to ensure 
the survival of this newspaper," 
he said. 

Later finals to BegIn 
At s..ta IIaItNn 
SANTA BARBARA -Early 
morning finals will be a thing 
of the past at U Santa Barbara 
this year. after th Committee 
on Effective Teaching and 
Structural SUPPOll voted to 
change the final time from 7 
a.m. to 8 a.m. The committee 
reasoned that 7 a.m . .... s too 
early to begin final exams. 
"Why have a final at 7 a.m., 
when there are no classes at 
seven in the morning?" said 
UCSB's Assistant Registrar 
Margaret Adorno. 

Fees Affect Summer 
Session Enrollment 
DA VIS - Increases in UC 
Davis registration fees over the 
past few years have led to an 
increase in summer session 
enrollment, according to 
Assistruu Dean of Summer 
Sessions Blake Voss. This 
summer, 4,541 students 
attended the first session, 
compared to 4,081 tudents who 
attended both the first and 
second sessions in 1986. 
" rStudents] want to get out of 
here earlier. They want to save 
money," Voss said. 

P .... III Budget Cuts 
Going Smoothly 
DA VIS - With the budget 
crisis continuing to loom over 
schools in the UC system, UC 
Davis administrators have 
claimed success in their efforts 
to ensure that the Phase III 
budget cuts process goes 
smoothly. "Surprisingly and 
pleasantly, we've had minimum 
disruptions," Interim Executive 
Vice Chancellor Robert Grey 
said. He added that he was "very 
pleased with the way it's been 
going." Departments have been 
required to develop plans for 
reducing their budgets in order 
to meet the Phase II [ budgetary 
base. According to Grey, 
departments must come down to 
the budgetary base by 1996. 

INSIDE 

OPINION .............................. 4 
ORIENTATION CAlENDAR .. ... 6 
CALENDAR ......................... 16 
CLASSIFIEDS ...................... 20 
HIATUS ................ .............. BI 
SPORTS ............................ BII 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21,1993 

urgood Marsha" 
College 

SIGN OF THE TIMES 
Twenty-three years after its founding, Third College adopted a new name beginning this 
yea, - Thurgood Marshall College, The dedication ceremony will take place on Oct. 22. 

Regents Cut Size of Fee Hike 
MEEnNG: University will also resume its search for a 10th campus ite 
By PhIlp Michaels 
News Editor Hike Reduction in the regent ' decision to resume the site ~election pro-

cess for a 10th UC campus 
in the San Joaquin Valley. 
At their May meeting in San 
Francisco, the Board of Re-
gents had voted un ani -
mously to suspend the search 
for a 10th campus site. 

Students at UCSD and at 
the eight other Univ'ersity of 
Califomiacampuses will be 
paying less than they ex-
pected to afterthe UC Board 
of Regents voted to reduce a 
proposed fee hike by $365 
at their July busine s meet-
ing. 

Last year's pfanned fee hikes 
have been decreased 
by $365. 

In February, the regents 
announced plans to raise fees 
by $440 and to cut faculty 
and staff salaries by five 
percent to meet the shortfall caused by Gover-
nor Pete Wilson's proposed $138 million cut to 
the UC's 1993-94 budget. Combined with a 
$605 increase deferred from the previous year, 
many UC administrators and students believed 
that in a best case scenario, undergraduate stu-
dent fees would skyrocket to over $4,000. 

However, when Wilson and the legislature 
acted to reduce the UC's anticipated budget cut 
by $50 million, the regents were able to reassess 
their budget options, according to UC spokes-
man Mike AI va. "The lower fee increase and the 
lower salary cut were made possible ~y the 
increased money sent to the university," Alva 
said. 

The brighter budget picture was also a factor 

Rene Bruckner / Guaroian 

Two significant factor 
led to UC President Jack 
Peltason 's recommendation 
to resume the process, spe-
cifically the $50 million re-
duction of the UC budget 

cut and preliminary indications from Wilson of 
a three percent budget augmentation for the UC 
system in 1994-95. 

"Given the university 's somewhat improved 
budget situation. it seems prudent to complete 
the next step in our site selection process. Of 
course, our long-term budget prospect are till 
unclear, leaving the timetable for actual devel-
opment of the 10th campus uncertain," said 
Vice President William B. Baker in July. 

When the regents reluctantly voted to sus-
pend the site selection process last May, they 
cited the grim long-term financial outlook and 
the dwindling budgetary resources of the Uni-
versity ofCalifomia. Al the time, Peltason said, 

See FEES, Page 9 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 80, IS £ I 

Irons in Hot 
Water .With 
High Court 
TAPES: UCSD profes or rai e 
justices' ire by making recordings 
of oral arguments available 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Supreme OUl1 of the United tate~ ha~ 
a bone to pick with C D Pol itical Science 
Professor Peter Irons. Thej u~tice~are up in anns 
uboutthe publication of May Ir Pica.\(' rlic (IIfl'( . 
the product of Irons' three-year dfon to ma!..e 
available to the public recording~ of actual oral 
arguments made in 23 land mar!.. C:lse~ over the 
last 35 year~ . 

In order to get acce" tn the origlllul tupe 
recordings from the National Archive\. ho\\'-
ever.lroll~ had to agree nnt to duplicute. di!>lrib-
ute or broadcast tht! tapes. \\hlch I~ prechel) 
what he has dOlle. 

In a !->latement i,.,ued la\t month. the COUI1 
blasted Irons. accu!>ing him of breach of contract 
and alluding 10 the pos~ihility of legal action. 
The statement reads that researches In Ihe a-
tional Archives Il1U\t sign an ~lgreementl imiting 
their use of the tape,. 

"By signing the agreemen t." the ~tatement 
read, "they agree to use the tapes 'for private 
reo earch and teaching purpose., 111) ' ;111<1 they 
agree 'not to reproduce or allow 10 be repro-
duced for any purpo es any portion of ... uch 
audiotape.' Profe,sorl ron~ ,igned slich an agree-
ment for every ontl argument tape recording he 
copied at the ational Archives and now fea-
tures in the product he is selling to the public. 

"In light of this clear violation 01 Profes.,or 
Iron's contractual commitments." the statement 
concludes, "the COU I1 is c nsidering what legal 
remedies may be appropriate." 

A coun spokeswoman suid Ia!o.t week Ihat no 
decision about legal action will bemade until the 
justices reconvene for the new teml at the end of 
the month. 

But Irons said he is not too worded. In fnct, 
he is fairly confident that the worst the court can 
do is issue another harsh !>tatemenl. which will 
only give more publicity to the tapes . The con-
troversy haslliready attracted theallention of the 
national press, including Tltc Nell' York Tilllcs. 
NBC's "Today" show, and nationally-syndi-
cated columnist Will iam Safire. 

According to Irons. only the National Ar-
chives can bnng legal action against him be-
cause the agreement he !>igned was with it, not 
the court. ''The Supreme C01ll1 i~ not a p~lIty in 
this case," Irons ~aid. "It can't hold me in 
contempt. It can't disbar me because I don't 
belong to the Supreme Court bar. And that 's 
probably a good thing right now." 

See IRONS, Page 22 

UC Patent. Official May Have Violated State Law 
By PhIlp Michaels 
News Editor 

The University of California's 
chiefpatentofficerdeclined to com-
ment on a report in the San Fran-
cisco Examiner which alleged that 
he apparently broke state conflict-
of-inrerestlaws by steering UC con-
tracts to a business associate after 
investing in one of the associate's 
COI11pU'Iies. 

The Sept 12 edition of the Ex-

aminer reporte4that Carl Wootten, 
directorofUC's Office of Techno I -
ogy Transfer, may have violated 
state law by investing in a limited 
partnership managed by Stanley 
Fisher, a Washington, D.C., patent 
lawyer who has recei ved more than 
$37.5,000 in UC contracts since 
Wootten joined the university in 
1989. 

Business records also indicate 
thal fisher was a managing partner 

e unnumbered 

of Quorum -In tech Partners, a Mary-
land high-tech firm in which 
Wootten said he invested between 
$1,000 and $1 0,000 in December of 
1989. 

The Examiner reported that 
Wootten repeatedly teeredUCbu i-
ness to Fisher duriQg the two years 
thai Wootten held the investment in 
Quorum-Intcch Partners. UCdocu-
ments indicate that Wootten urged 
that Fisher's law office be hired for 

legal work and that Fisher's con-
ulling fees be miseu by the uni ver-

sity. On aAotheroccasion. Woollen 
recommended awarding a publish-
ing contract to a bu~ine~s Fisher 
founded. 

According to the E.rwlI;II('/', in 
1991 Wootten was involved in giv-
ing another Fisher timl. Quorum 
Intemational.lnc .. an exclusive on-
tract to publish information about 

See WOOTTEN, Page 9 

page in correct order 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guanlian Tuesday, September 21,1993 



B20 T he UCSD Guardian Tueday, September 21, 1993 

NTRAMlJ RA.L PAG E 
UC SAN DIEGO 

VOLLEYBALL 
VeeBee is baaaack! Again! The most volleyball 

comprehensive campus in the United States Is ready 
once again to crank it up and get smackln·. Happens 
every year about this time. 

Y'all get back from a full summer on the beach, and 
your armswing Is grooved. Your legs are super strong, 
and your confidence is brimming over. 

You and your buddies jump in one of our competl· 
tlve leagues (AM, AA, A .... II doesn't matter) and 0" 
you go. Ready to show the world on our springy 
hardwood floors, how much your game has improved. 

You get the most perfect set you've ever seen ... 
high and outside. Right on the money. You take the 
big wide approach, you jump like you've never jumped 
before. Your legs are so strong. You are lIoating 
above the net ready to pound the hardest ball you've 
ever hit. 

You sWlOg, you connect big·time, you pulverize.! 
Smack! You iet out the biggest grunt follow·through 
ever .. Aaaaaaghl And then ...... POW! .... PUT! You 
see the ball coming straight back at you! Horrors! It 
lands nght in your kisser! Ouch! .. . and then you hear 
that ugiy syllabie tha~ all vOlleyballers hate to hear: 
"ROOOOO·O·O·O·F· F·F!" 

The lillie guy With the big·time hops across the net 
from you snarts with a cocky sneer: "You are so·o·o· 
0'0'0 easy! Get out of my phone booth, will yar 
You are humWaled ... but hey .. . you've got to bounca 
back. There's another rally coming right up! And 
yah .it feels good to back on campus ... playin' again I 

And yes ... as we said at the top ... Vee Bee is back. 
For everybody. Men, Women. Good players, 50·50 
players, New Players. Intramural Volleyball at UCSD 
has a league vor everyone. So work those teams 
up ... check the 1M Team Sports schedule for registra· 
lion inlo and get ready to pay your buddy back with the 
all· time spike 01 the centuryl 

FOOTBALL 
San Diego-Football Hotbed? 
C'mon, we all know that San Diego is a great place 

lor beaches, goll, parties, sun and laid·back good 
limes. So why is Sports Illustrated, ESPN and every 
other sports related media doing features about fool· 
ball 10 San Diego? Football? You've got to be 
kidding? A feature on surfing, volleyball or the 35 
dillerent types 01 palm trees growing around town ... 
yah, we could buy that. But, lootball? 

Well lolks, lets take a look. The Chargers have 
been picked by most everyone to win the AFC West 
and Junior Seau IS the best linebacker in loot ball. 
Marshall Faulk over at State has been labeled the best 
in the country as he chases the Heisman Trophy. San 
Diego is also in the running to host another Superbowl. 
Football is Indeed big 10 San Diego and that goes for 
UCSD, too. 

Sure, we don't have a team that makes TV appear· 
ances every Saturday. But who wants to sit around 
and watch classmates play when you can lace 'em up 
and get out on the field yoursell. You don't have to 
worry about 240·pound thugs planting you a couple 
feet deep into the turf, either. Wedon't have too many 
studs that go over two bills here at UCSD. 

There is one other dillerence. We play lIag football 
·the higher scoring, more exciting relative 01 what you 

- see on TV. 
Intramurallootball gives everyone a chance to take 

part In one of fall's honored traditions. And, we mean 
everyone. Whether you're big or small, experienced 
or a Il rst timer, last or slow, a guy or a gat, we have a 
league for you. 

Don't miss out on your chance to make that game 
winning catch and do your version of the end· zone 
boogie. You need to assemble your franchise and put 
together the playbook quickly because the captains 
meeting is next Monday and the season starts on 

Introduction of Team Sports Entry Fees 

Welcome to 1M Sports 
Well everyone, we held 'em ott as fong as we 

COUld, but the inevitabfe has cornered the good 
folks al Intramural Sports for the coming Intra· 
mural season. 

For the very lirst time, a team sports entry lee 
will be charged lor each team entered in intra· 
mural sports competition. ThaI's the unlortu· 
nate word, and it does start right away this 
coming fall. 

Changing California economics has dictated 
a host 01 new policies that have trickled down to 
even our level and the bottom line is something 
none of us wanted to hear. 

The team sports entry fee will be imple· 
mented in one simple step at the team sports 
organizational meetings (team captain'S meel· 
ings) for each sport. 

Team captain's should be bring to the TC 
meeting a check for $25.00 or $15.00 (see 1M 
schedule on this page) payable to our good 
friends,the UC Regents. An Intramural repre· 
sentative will be there to deposit your check and 
help you access the team sports registration 
area. Please remember checks only ... no cash 
will be accepted. 

Looking at the bright side of things, the insti· 

tution of the team sports entry fee will allow us 
to maintain our high level standard of intramu· 
ral sports programming. II's a standard that all 
of you have come to count on throughout the 
past 20 years. 

Except for the initiation of the team sports 
entry lee, everything else. all things consid· 
ered, should be pretty much the same. All of 
your lavorite team sports activities are back: 
flag football, basketball, softball. soccer, vol· 
leyball, innertube waterpolo and floor hockey. 

In addition we'll still be programming a bunch 
of other popular favori tes: team tennis, team 
badminton, bowling. ultimate disc, hawaiian 
football, one· pitch softball, 3·on·3 basketball , 
sand volleyball and morel 

Our Special Events program is back intact 
and even though we'll be packaging them in a 
new 3·event series, the events themselves will 
still be positioned in their familiar time slots on 
the calendar. 

We'll be staging top·quality tennis, volleyball 
doubles, racquet sports and golf events each 
and every quarter to help keep you busy and 
out of the library. Look for event specifics each 
quarter in The Canyon view Magazine that you 

can pick up at 

1M Sports Schedule 
the UCSD 
Recreation Of· 
fice and many 
other campus 
venues. Registration Priority Periods, Team's Captain Meetings. Entry 

Fees. Season Dates 

'All 'I"'''' 11,'-'.1 .... ' '. ,.,' , 
r". .1.. . ,I " " 

~. v. f. 

--
Moll s.p 27 _ So,<2T ..... au 0.. , s... ...... 

............... loot ,.so.. ,"-c.,.n..o.. 
..... 21 Q '- 53-..0 

......... Moft S. 21 Moft s.,. 11 .... au 0..2 

""--
.oo,~ ,,_c......n-

..... 21 s...1 _ ,..,,- JJ466-4A 
.-7 -.nf\M .... So,< 2T 

-sO'<" ..... au 0.. 2 f"'-
-

900 · 1015-

-'-- ..... 21 ""-
,- J3-..o s...1_ 

-
-.... .......... .. ClII.'" .... .... -

-

1oGO._ 
--..... 

.... .. ,.. .. iJ'- ....., 
-

::~:. ...... -. .. ClII.t· ~.!"" 
-

-_ ..... .... j;- -<DIll ....... Wool .... ,. Wool .... ,. ..... au 0.. 2 · MoIt--llole0-9pm 
='-

• DO '00- ,,_c......eoa-., /II. IlK J Wed .,...12., 
53-..0 

... -11-- =,~s! ~::.::. -"'JI.-. 
=-

.._-
....., 

<DIll n.. Sop 30 
........ 12oo1d ~ ==.o .00900.... MoIo-1lM7~12~ »-..0 

·-Il ......... 
-.. ......... Q:=' 

iaog..-"",=on ... '-tr booio ........ ~.:r.!:'\",. ....... No ~ ruIt,"_ 
"","" """" ........ tW on...... ..<boIIori 1pOII"1OOIOI'I. 

During the 
year we plan to 
add several pro-
gram enhance· 
ments thai 
hopefu lIy will 
add much to 
your overall en· 
joyment 01 our 
program.Your 
Ideas and 
thoughts will all 
be taken serio 
ously. Drop us 
a line or better 
yet stop on by. 
Anything we can 
do to make our 
olferings that 
much better is a 
plus lor every· 
one Involved. 

Best of luck to 
all of yourteams 
this year. We 
know you cal"t 
win 'em all , but 
trying is more 
than half the fun 
of it. See you all 
out therel 

October I . 
If you can't put a team together but still want to ptay, 

just come out to the captains meeting and you'll get 
picked up in our supplemental player draft. We hope 
to see you there! 

COED FLO OR H OC K E Y 
Yo' Wayne, Yo' Madonna .... time to break out that 

beat·up 01' hockey stick and get ready for another 
great year. This fall quarter signals the start 01 the 
floor hockey season al the "U". And II you Ihoughl 
hockey at UCSD corresponded with the arrival 01 
Wayne Gretzsky with the Kings, you're wrong. We've 
been firing the 'puck' around here before 'The Great 
One' was born. 

Floor Hockey is definitely one 01 the most popular 
activities in Ihe inlramural sports program. There is 
good reason lor this. II is absolutely a great workout. 
From the first whistle to the last, the action is constant 
and fast· paced. Intramural Sports supplies all the 
needed essentials ... so you really have no excuse. 
A good pair 01 tennis shoes and a willing attitude 
insures a great time and an even beller workout. 

This fall quarter we will be offering our coed 
version of the sport. Three men and three women 
make up a team. But please have more than the 
minimum 01 SIX players or you may be endangering 
your hea~h . Hockey with just six players can drive 
the stoutest of athletes into sheer exhaustion. Sub· 
stitutes are highly recommended. 

After you've negOllated all 01 tile administrative 
details, its time to get your squad ready lor one lun 
evening after another ... ".1 lIoor hockey at UCSD is 
definitely a happenin' thing. 

COED INNERTUBE 
W ATRPOLO 

\ What do car tire innertubes, bathing sui Is, a ball 
and water, and fun, have in common? No clue? Well. 
I suggest you lorm a team and sign up lor our Intra· 
murallnnertube Waterpolo program and find out how 
much fun you can have. 

Innertube Waterpolo is a lot like the waterpolo 
you see in the Olympics exceptlhat its coed and you 
sit back in Ihe comfort of an inllsted tire tube. Pad· 
dling around our indoor pool and bumping into memo 
bers of the opposite sex is the best way we know to 
meet lellow students. And oh ya! While doing all 01 
this, it also helps if you try to score a few goals. 

Innertube waterpolo is fun, its competitive, and 
you are guaranteed to bump into somebody In a 
bathing suit. 
3 ON 3 B ASKETBALL 

UCSD, as a piace to play serious basketball , has 
really added to its reputation wllhin the past year. 
And believe it or not a lot 01 it has to do with the two 
gymasiums that we use. 

These same gyms have seen some pretty lair 
basketball players in recent months. Michael Jordan, 
Magic Johnson. Larry Bird, and Charles Barkley have 
graced our courts with a fast·break, 360, in·yo·face 
slam dunk or two. You know those fellas. 

But even when these guys are off playing golf, 
the talent level doesn't drop off that much. Don't let 
the big names scare you off. We have fall quarter 3· 
on·3 basketball leagues coming this season that 
feature ability levels for everyone: beginner/rookie 
(A), intermediate (AA), and even a level lor those who 
want to take on Michael and Co. (AM). 

You literally do have to jump through some hoops 
in order to do some slammin'. But we'lI try to make it 
as painless as possible. 

And when you do, we'lI seein' 1'all on the hard· 
wood this quarter. In yo' lace disgrace and all that 
jumbo. As MJ, Bo and all the Nike boys say: 

"Jusl Do It!" 

Griphlcs by T .r. eo" 

I 
MEAL 

To introduce you to (or welcome you 
back to) UCDO's best pizza. we are 
offering you ... 

UCSD STUDENT AL 
Any 6" Sub, 
23-0z. soft 
drink and 

chips 
M EA L Any 12" Sub, 2hz. soft drink and 

chips 

260/0 off* 
• Dine-in 
• Carryout 

o EALS_$_49 ----..J9 L-----$399 
VALlO ONLY AT COSTA VERDE III MIRAMAR LOCATIONS. PLEASE PRESENT UCSO 10. ExP. 1014/93 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND C ARL'S JR. 
8750 G ENESEE IN T HE COSTA VERDE C ENTER 

Chicago Pizzeria • Delivery 
Pizza • Peat a • Sandwioh .. • 8e1.d, 
You m.x;t pre~ent thi!; coupon to receive 
dis:count. Not valid with any other offer . 
Valid through October 31. 1993. 

La JoIa Village Square 
8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

465-0882 

COLOR. 



4 OPINION 

Who's Who 
at the Guardian 

Who to contact when you want to 
discuss content in the newspaper. 

Executive EdItors 
5346580 

• EdItor In ChIef 
Eric Schmidt 

• Copy EdItor 
Shannon Bledsoe 

• Review all text and stories. 

News Dapwb.MNII 
534-5226 

• News EIIIor 
Philip Michaels 

• Auoda'e News EdItor 
Jonna Palmer 

• Auoc:IIIte News~ EdItor 
Elaine Camuso 

• Coverage: Events, changes, politics 
and people in the UCSD community. 

0pII1Ion DapwblMN1t 
5346582 

• ~"'EcItor 
Benjamin Lavine 

• ecw ...... = An open forum of letters, 
commentaries and editorials dealing 

with off- and oncampus issues. 

Arts a EnlertllllIIII8IIt 
Depatl.MNII 

5346583 
• Arts a EnbiiblAi ... .nt EIIlar 

JeffNiesel 
• ~: News and reviews of the 
latest music, films and theater, as well 
as information on upcomil'lg concerts, 
plays and events at and around UCSD. 

Printed evety Thursday. 

Sports Dei&bllWt 
5346582 

............ 
Brian Hutto 

• Aleuc .............. 
Jeff Praught 

• eow.r , : News, information and 
statistics on UCSO's athletic programs. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, S'~IJtt'ml)!'r 21,199:\ 

PINION 
MAKING YOUR OPINION MATrER 

TO TIlE UCSD Co 
COMMENTARY: Why be 
satisfied to simply share your 
gripes with just a handful of 
peopJe? The Guardian is here for 
you to express your ideas in a 
number of different ways 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Students who accuse Guardian editors of 
ignoring their points of view are absolutely 
right From time to time, certain convictions 
are passed by or overlooked. 

'llIe Guardian, however, is by no means a 
part of a purported media conspiracy to dictate 
popular opinion. Guardian editors do not 
purposefully bury ideas they don't like: it's 
simply impossible to publish many points of 
view without campus input. That's where you 
com..: in. 

I i YOu ;;an't find your opinion in these 
pages, it's because you haven't given it to us. 
1be Guardian offers you several opportunities 
to express your views to fellow students. 
Detailed analyses of issues belong in com-
mentaries. which appear as feature-length 
anicles in the Opinion section, while shorter 
responses to anicles or campus-related 
debacles may be submitted in the fonn of 
letters to the editor. 

If you hear of an injustice on campus and 
don' t see it reported anywhere, talk to the 
Guardian News section. We encourage the 
contribution of anicle ideas or suggestions of 
any kind. 

In fact, such suggestions often help 
students out of difficult situations. In one 
instance, a student had been given a 'W' grade 
for a course, even though he had dropped it 
before the fourth-week deadline. It turned out 
that the academic department offering the 
class had changed the rules at the last minute 
without properly notifying the students. 

'llIe student tried to get the grade erased 
but hit administmtive obstacles at every step. 
As a last resort, he reported the problem to the 
Gr/ardian. Following an anicle on the change, 
the department quickly deleted the student 's 
·W·. 

We can't promise miracles, but under-the-
table problems are often solved or at least 
discussed reasonably when publicly aired. 

1lIe Guardian isn't produced solely for 
students, either. Faculty and staff should bring 
relevant ideas to the attention of the editors. 
Such contributions have had a substantial 
impact in the past: for example, a letter to the 
editor submitted by Political Science Professor 

. Peter Irons initiated the move to rename Third 
College after the late Supreme Court Justice 
Thurgood Marshall. 

Community input does not always come in 
the fonn of positive suggestions. Disapproba-
tion is inevitable, and anyone who wishes to 
tell us what we're doing wrong may talk to the 
editors or submit a letter. 

Often, complaints stem from a misunder-
standing of the role of the Guardian and the 
classification of articles within its pages. Here 
is a listing of the major categories: 

• News stories, found in the News section, 
attempt to present events in as unbiased a 
manner a.~ pos.<;ible. While it is impossible to 
eliminare all bia~, Guardian news writers try 
their best to highlight a~ many views on an 
is."IUC a'i possible; 

THI: 
GVA.RDIAN 

\vA..·I'S YOU! 
• Editorials, found in the left-hand column 

of the first Opinion page, represent the 
viewpoint of the majority of the Gllardial/ 
editorial board, which consists of the editor, 
the copy editor, the news editor and the 
opinion editor. These views do not represent 
the opinion of the entire Guardian staff. 

• Commentaries, also in the Opinion 
section, examine local, national and interna-
tional issues from the perspective of the writer. 
The views expressed in commentaries belong 
to the writer alone; 

• Letters to the editor, clearly marked as 
such in the Opinion section, represent 
unsolicited viewpoints from the UCSD 
community. Anyone may submit a letter, 

• Sports and entertainment stories, located 
in the Sports and Hiatus section~, deal with 
lighter subjects and generally do not genemte 
as much controversy as news and opinions. 

To submit letters or suggestions, call the 
Guordian editors at 534-6580, stop by our 
office on the second floor of the Student 
Center above the General Store Co-op, or 
write the Guardia", 9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, 
La Jolla. CA 92093. 

Those who wish to join the Gllardian staff 
in any capacity (writer, copyreader, illustmtor, 
photographer, designer) may also stop by or 
call. No experience is necessary for any 
position. A writer's internship program will be 
offered begiming Monday, Oct. 4. at 7 p.m. in 
the G"ardian offICe,.-

. "' 
, ,j ! : ! • j • 

Dominic Lobbia/Guardlan 

...........,....,Id ••• 
they don't -.; It's 
-'IIIIY IlitpO .slble to 
pubIth IIB1)' poilits ~ 
view wliliout fallPUS 
Input. 'RIal'. where you 
.... .... 

Tuesday, September 21, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

BRINGING GoOD 'Il-J I NGS TO I J FE 
COMMENTARY: 

Despite the A.S. 's rocky peIfonnance last year, the new Tesak 
administration may have just enough positive_momentwn to 

improve campus life and decrease voter apathy 
By Ben LavIne 
Opinion Editor 

It should come as no surprise to 
anyone thatSeptember, theofflcial start-
ingpointofaseeminglyendlesscycleof 
classes, has rolled around again. This 
time of year is often marked by planning 
new projects and resolving any unfm-
ished business of the past. 

The Associated Students are no ex-
ception to this tradition, as they face the 
dual burden of meeting heightened ex-
pectations despite budget cuts while 
developing solutions to problems that 
bogged them down in the past 

Two problems that seem to continu-
ally plague the A.S. have been a sub-
standaaI reputation and a jumbled inter-

na� organization. TheA.S. electoral pr0-
cess, for example, has repeatc:dly been 
the subject of scorn -last year, Presi-
dent-elect Randolph Siwabessy was 
ousted from office after he was shown 
to be academically ineligible to hold 
..JOice. 

Many students, citing the seemingly 
endless stream of tri vial bylaw changes 
and constitutional tug-()f-wars, claim 
the A.S. has not accomplished anything 
signiflCallt in the recent post. Indeed. 
last year's five percent votertumoutfor 
the A.S. election reveals the extent of 
theA.S. 'spublicrelationsproblem. The 
new administration headed by A.S. 
President Carla Tesak has begun the 
process of repairing the damage. 

FIJ'St, it is important for sIUdens to 
realize the extent of the A.S.' s role in 
everyday campus life. Cwrently, the 
A.S. funds over 200 campus groups, 
helping to augment diverse elemeras on 
campus. 

The A.S. also COORlinates campus 
events such as the annual Sun God 
Festival and will hag MTV when it 
comes to campus later this month. 

6Jthough Tesak is frusIrated by the 
lack of recognition the A.S. receives, 
she said she realizes that there are many 
more projects that need 10 becomp1eted 
and Ihal the A.S. mUSl pursue some 
intemal restructuring 10 help make its 
decisiorHnakingprocessmoreeffJCienl 

Tesak is already on the verge of 
accomplishing hertlveeexecutivegoais 
of increasing student autonomy for the 
A.S. and the Graduate StudentAssocia-
tior. (GSA), establishing co-op housing 
in Revelle, and holding an A.S. consti-
tutional convention to be held in No-

vember. Additionally, there are already 
defmite plans to provide the altemative 
media with personal news racks and an 
A.S. employee 10 help them seekadver-
tisements to compensare for last year's 
reduction in funding. 

The A.S.' s relationship with both 
the administration and the co-ops is on 
a more amicable level as a result of the 
recently signed Memorandum of Un-
derstanding. The agreement will allow 
the co-ops 10 remain on campus and 
give srudenl autonomy 1O the A.S. and 
GSA. 

Under the agreement, the C!KlpS 
will be given a seven-year lease and 
may operate their businesses as they see 
fit as long as they follow the 
Memorandum's guidelines. They will 
be subject to quarterly audits of their 
financial records and will be encour-
aged to open employment to all stu-

Mlal's on Tap For the A.L .. 
In addition to continuing its existing programs from last year, the 
Associaled Students has planned several new projects and hopes to 
improve its in&emal structure in the coming year. Some of the 
highlights include: 

~M'~""""1It 
llenl. cal ••• The A.S. hopes 
to attract more students to live on 
campus by offering co-op housing in 
Revelle. Tenants will maintain the 
building and provide their own 
maintenance work. This will reduce 
the overall cost of on-campus 
housing. This proposal is still subject 
to administtative approval. 
• MI ...... ~TheA.S. 

will supply personaI news racks for 
the alternative media. In addition, the 
A.S .. has hired an employee to aid the 
media in soliciting advertisements. 
.c. ............ ean ......... 
The constitution and its bylaws will 
be altered to fit today's needs. This 
convention. which will be held in 
November, will be open to all 
students. 
• ...... II •• ....., .... The 

dents. The A.S. and the administration 
will then be minimally involved in the 
co-ops' day-to-day affairs. 

The Memorandum of Understand-
ing has provided the positive momen-
tum the Tesak administration needs to 
buff up its image with the campus com-
muniy. The agreement was especially 
signiflCatlt, mainly for resolving the lin-
gering co-op crisis, but also for deflect-
ing some of the negalive press brought 
about by the Siwabessy affair. Because 
of the agreement, the A.S. ended the 
yearon a positive t1()(e, dispelling some 
of the criticisms about its alleged in-
competency . 

Tesak said she hopes students real-
ize how committed the A.S. is to im-
proving campus life. The A.S. contin-
ues to spearhead new activites and ser-

A.S. finally otxained thls study area to 
be placed inside the library lounge. 
The gnmd opening party will be held 
in November. 
...... -. ....... 01 ....... 
..... Fmally approved in June 
after much disagreement, the CO-()ps. 
A.S., GSA and the administration 
carne to an agreement which gives the 
co-ops a seven-year master space 
lease and complete autonomy to the 
AS. and GSA. 
...... ConIInII:IIa. ~.,.... 
..... PwldIClbucIIII-- Used 
by University Towne Center, these 
spaces cost less than permanent 
slnJ(:tures. The A.S. is cUJTel1Lly 

vices, including a supermarl<et shuttle 
1O the grocery store and a food delivery 
service from many of the area's fast 
food establisJunents. 

The A.S. has also established a 24-
hour study area in the library lounge and 
expanded Soft Reserves by adding more 
windows to shorten lines. In addition, it 
has expanded the Grove Cafe and As-
soned Vinyl. 
. The A.S. is seeking to improve its 

internal organization as well. Tesale said 
her administration wants to distingui h 
itself from previous admini tralions by 
staying more focused and action-()ri-
ented. One way the A.S. plans to ac-
complish this is to foster effecti ve com-
m un ication between the officers and the 
commissioners of A.S. projects. 

The A.S. will also open up its own 

investigating their use. 
............... Itudant 
PrlvKy-TheAS. i' currently 
wOl1cing with the Student Advocate to 
change the student identification 
number from th.! current social 
security number to an eight - digit 
number. Problem~ of fraud and 
tampering have occurred under the 
current system. 
• EXPililded Shuttle ...... 
The A.S. is planning a supermarket 
shuttle that will transpon on-Q/llpUS 
students to and from the supermarket 
three times a week. 
• Food De..., """""'1l1e 
A.S. wi ll offer a food delivery service 

! 

research libmry so that progress can be 
made on projects that have been previ-
ously started and researched. Tesak will 
oversee the proposal for A.S. senmor 

projecl~. 
The A.S. hopes that its continued 

efforts to bring qu:1I ity program~ (0 stu-
dents will help shatler the negative im-
age that has plagued it for ~o many 
years. Tesak wants to ensure thai the 
fraction of student fees that go toward 
the A.S. budget is not spent on bylaws 
and endless restructuring problems. 

Hopefully,theupcomingyearwol1 't 
be one the AS. would JUSt as won 
forget. And ifTesak 's enthusiasm for 
the job i any indication. this could be a 
landmark year for A.S. accomplish-
ments. Certainly, with politicking and 
apathy still fresh in many students' 
mind! , it is impemtive for the A.S. to 
establish itself as a credible governing 
body. 

from several of the area'~ faSl·fOod 
establ i hments . 
• AcademIc 1ntemshIps- 111e 
AS. will offer internships for ,lUden!.'. 
to gain credit while working for the 
AS. 
.1he Exec:ullve ~ 
The execu\ive commillee will now 
meet with A.S. cOtllmi ~ione(~ to 
ensure a direct line of communica-
tion . 
• DefiI.", Senator Projec:ts-
AS. ~nato" will now be required to 

~ubmit detailed sll~tantive propo\:tl~ 
to the A.S. e:\cclitive. Theo,e propo~h 

l11u~t meet the :Ipproval of (hI! 
executi ve . 



6 NEWS 

1\IUDAY 

8:30-9:00 AM - Career servtces Center. CAREER 
SERVICES WAKE.tJP TOUR. Learn about lettIng a 
part·tlme job. exploring career options for your 
major through SIGI and other servlcers offered at 
the Career services Center for enterlna First~ar 
students and transfer students. 

8:30-10:30 AM - Yorl< Hall 3010. LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM DIAGNOSTIC TEST. An exercise for non 
native speakers of English who wish to have their 
writing skills assessea. 

9:(»10:00 AM - Intematlonal Center. Programs 
AbroadOfflce.PROGRAMSABROAOOFFICETOURS. 
Tour the Proarams Abroad OffIce end Intematlonal 
Center. This Is a model for Programs Abroad 
offices around the country. Come see how you can 
pursue a study. work. or internship program over· 
seas. 

10:(»11:00 AM - Warren lecture Hall 2001. 
MEETING FOR NEW AND PROSPECTIVE APPliED 
MECHANICS AND ENGINEERING SCIENCEMAJORS. 
Meet the undergraduate faculty and staff in the 
department. Hear an 0IIerVIew of different I'Njor 
programs offered In the department and learn the 
procedure for petitioning major reqUirements. You 
will receive handouts outlining prerequisites. ma-
jor requirements. department policies. etc. 
10:30-11:00 AM - Info Desk. Central Library. 
CENTRAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY TOUR. Half-Hour 
tour of the library. 

10:30-11:00 AM - Price Center Theater. MEETING 
FOR STUDENTS INTERESTED IN THE TEACHER 
EDUCATION PROGRAM. This meeting Is for all 
students interested In elementary and secondary 
education programs. 

11:00-12:30 AM - York Hall 2722. MEETING FOR 
NEW AND PROSPECTIVE BIOLOGY MNORS. See 
Tuesday 10:00 AM for description. 

11:00 AM . 2:00 PM - Price Center Upper Lawn. 
SCHMOOZE WITH JEWS BBQ. Come hang out, 
meet. and eat with the Jewish campus community. 
Kosher. of course I 

11:30 AM ·12:30 PM - Warren lecture Hall 2001. 
MEETING FOR NEW AND PROSPECTIVE ELECTRI-
CAL ENGINEERING AND COMPUT~ ENGINEERING 
STUDENTS. See Tuesday 10:00 AM for descrip-
tion. 

11:30 AM - 1:00 PM - Price Center Walkway. 
STUDENT GOVT/ASSOCIATED STUDENTS BBQ. 
Learn how you can get involved in student govern-
ment. Meet the officers and senators of the Asso-
ciated Sludents and find out about the services 
offered by the Associated Students. Lots of Foodl 

12:00-1:30 PM - Peterson Hall 108. MEETING 
FOR NEW AND PROSPECTIVE ECONOMICS MA· 
JORS. See Tuesday 10:00 AM for description. 

12:00 PM - University Bookstore. BOOKSTORE 
TOUR. Find out about the course materials depart· 
ment. textbook buyback and other Bookstore ser· 
vices . 

1:00-2:00 PM - Warren Lecture Hall 2001. PRE· 
PARING FOR MEDICAL AND DENTAL SCHOOl. 
Academic requirements and extracurricular p",p~ 
ration needed for medical and dental schools. 
career planning issues for the professions of 
medicine and dentistry will be covered. 

1:30-2:00 PM - Info Desk. Central libraI)'. CEN-
TRAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY TOUR. Half·Hourtourof 
the library. 

2:00-3:00 PM - Peterson Hall 108. MEETING FOR 
NEW AND PROSPECTIVE COMMUNICATIONS MA· 
JORS. See Tuesday 10:00 AM for description. 

3:00-4:00 PM - Warren Lecture Hall 2001. MEET· 
ING FOR NEW AND PROSPECTIVE ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERING AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING 
STUDENTS. See Tuesday 10:00 AM for descrip-
tion . 

3:00-5:00 PM - International Center. FOREIGN 
UNDERGRADUATE ORIENTATION. Required for all 
new undergraduate students. Important infonn~ 
tion on campus/off-eapus resources, Immigration 
matters. college requirements and expectations 
and general adjustment issues will be addressed. 
4:00-5:00 PM - Cognitive Sciences Building 002 . . 
THINKING ABOUT COGNITIVE SCIENCES? Bring 
your curiosity and questions about the hot new 
field of cognitive science to this Infonnal session. 
Advisors will answer: Wltat Is cognitive science? 
What courses are taken for the major/minor? What 
jobs are available? 
4:00-5:00 PM - MEETING FOR NEW AND PRO-
SPECTIVE CHEMISTRY MAJORS. See Tuesday 
10:00 AM for description. 

4:00·6:00 PM - Peterson Hall 108. QUEER QUE· 
RIES. Come and learn what it is like to be a gay. 
lesbian. or bisexual student and UCSD. A panel of 
students will respond to your comments and ques· 
tions. Everything you wanted to know about gays. 
lesbians. and bisexuals but were afraid to ask! Ask 
away! 

5 :30-10:00 PM -International Center. WELCOME 
DINNER FOR ALl NEW FOREIGN STUDENTS. Free 
diner sponsored by the Friends of the International 
Center. and a square dance sponsorad by the 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Intemational Club. Host families and other 
members of the UCSD communitY a", Invited. 

7:(»9:00 PM - Price Center Colle. ICE CREAM 
SOCIAL (CARTONS OF FUN). An evening of fun and 
Infonnation for new students about the campus 
Catholic student community. 

7 :(»10:00 PM - Price Center Gallery B. CIRCLE K 
INTERNATIONAl ICE CREAM/INFO NIGHT. Ice cream 
social and Info night for prospective members of 
UCSD Circle K. 

7:0010:00 PM -Price CenterGaIIeryA. KAlBIGANG 
PlliPINO KARAOKEE NIGHT. Practice )'Our singing 
VOice. join In the fun. Meet Kalblpni members and 
become part of the club. For Info cell 534-7763. 

8:3().10:oo AM - Galbraith Hall. READ AND STUDY 
STRATEGIES. Make the most of your academic 
potentiall Learn effectlye readWlC and study strat-
egies. • 

9:0010:00 AM -Info Desk. CUl. LIBRARY ORIEN-
TATION FOR TRANSFER STUDENTS. Arllntroduc-
lion the the UCSD library system. services. and 
collections, speclftcally designed for transfer stu-
dent.' The orientation will be followed by a brief 
demonstration of the University library computer 
system. 

9:(»10:00 AM - International Center. Programs 
Abroad Office. PROGRAMS ABROAD OFflCETOURS. 
See Tuesday 9:00 AM for description. 

9:(»10:00 AM - Main Gym Steps. BIKE AND SEE 
UCSD. Come and Join us on a b~lIng tour of 

UCSO. We will stop and He various points of 
Interest and answer Questions. Bicycling safety 
and security Issues will be addressed. 

9:00-10:30 AM - Solis Hall 107. DATING 101: 
THEORY AND PRACTICE. How do I meet people to 
date? Where do UCSD students 10 for fun'~ Come 
and have fun. Part tips, dating tips. 

9:00-10:30 AM - Commuter Student service Of· 
fIce. COMMUTER BREAKFAST AND INFORMATION 
SESSION. Infonnation tables about ",sources 8Vai~ 
able to commuters th~ the Commuter Student 
services OffIce. Infonnatlon from the five colleges 
will also be available., Enjoy a continental break· 
fast tool 

10:JD.Noon - Galbraith Hall. INTROOUCING STU· 
DENTS TO OASIS SERVICES. OASIS (OffIce of 
Academic Support and Instructional Services) pr0-
vides tutorlna and peer counsellnc for UCSD at no 
cost Areas Include terwuaee (foreign and ESL). 
wrftlna, math, science, and study management. 
Leam how to UtilIZe our services and make the 
most of your UCSD experlenc:e. 

11:00-11:30 AM - Info Desk CUl. CENTRAl lI· 
BRARYTOUR. 

Nooflol:oo PM - Price Center Plaza. KAIBtGANG 
PILPINO CULTURAl PERFORMANCE. Performance 
of traditional Plllpino cultural dances perfonned by 
the Kalblgang Pillpino members. 

1:002:30 PM - Porter's Pub. UNION OF JEWISH 
STUDENTS PUB RALlY. And out everythlnl you 
want to know about the Union of Jewish Students. 
Irael Action Committee· and San DIego Public Af· 
fairs Committee (local campus affiliate of AIPAC). 

CAI,ENI)AR 
Illustration by AI Spong 

Tuesday, September 21,1993 

Meet the officers and chairpeople who will provide 
Infonnatlon and entertainment with ruach . 

1:002:30 PM - Price Center Cove. THE BLACK 
CONNECTION. The African American Student Union 
offers new transfer and continuing students the 
opportunity to interact with African American fac· 
ulty and staff; to learn about campus resources 
and services. and become introduced to the Afri-
can American and students of color campuswide 
organizations. Everybody is invited. 

1:15-3:15 PM - Muir Field . PLAYFAIR. Playfair Is a 
unique blend of audience participation, comedy 
routines, and non-eompetitlve adult play experi· 
ences. Playfalr Is entertainment, madcap fun and 
the perfect way to make new friendships. Come 
join in the fun while meeting students from all five 
colleles. 

3:004:00 PM -Info Desk. CUl.lIBRARY ORIENTA· 
TION FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS. 

3:004:00 PM - Price Center GaileI)' B. CAN WE 
TALK? ... ABDUT HIV/AIDS? Although you already 
know a lot about HIV/AIDS it's time youjust talked 
openly and honestly about it. Free condoms and 
lots of free information and how to use them. 

3 :004:00 PM - Info Desk CUL LIBRARY ORIENTA· 
TlON FOR FOREIGN STUDENTS. 

4:004:30 PM-Info Desk. CUl. CENTRAL UNIVER· 
SITY LIBRARY TOUR. 

4:00-5:30 PM - Price Center Cove. UTA ORIENTA· 
TION (UNITED TIAWANESE ASSOCIATION). Feeling 
like you have nothing to do? Want to meet some 
people? Want to join a club? Come to out general 
meeting. You will find friends. Also come to our 
softball g8me on Friday September 24th at 4pm at 
Pryatel Field, next to the Engineering Building. 

4:00-5:30 PM - H&SS 1330. SEXXPLANATIONS II. 
The welcome week program you won't want to 
miSS! Are there questions you have always wanted 
to ask the other sex? Maybe something that you 
want to tell the other sex? This is an opportunity for 
you . 

5:30-7:00 PM - Price Center Walkway. STUDENT 
GOVT / ASSOCIATED STUDENTS BBQ. See descrip-
tion Tuesday 11:30 AM. 

7:009:00 PM -International Center. PROGRAMS 
ABROAD INFORMATION SESSION. 

THURSDAY 

9 :00·10:00 AM -International Center. Programs 
Abroad Office . PROGRAMS ABROAD OFFICE 
TOURS. 

6 :00-7:30 PM - Lutheran Church. CATHOLIC COM· 
MUNITY WELCOME COOKOUT. An evening of fun 
and food for any Cathol iC students wanting to meet 
other Catholic students. 

6 :00-9:00 PM - Price Center Theater. HERE AND 
NOW. Renowned Asian student theatertroupe 017· 
10 Asian Americans who will perform 10-12 short 
scenes or vignettes . 

6 :()().8:00 PM - Third Place Lawn. BRIDGING THE 
GAP. Informal welcome for first·year African Ameri· 
can. American Indian. Chicano. Latino. and Pilipino 
students by the students of the OASIS Summer 
Bridge Program. 

9:00 PM - Price Center Ballroom. ALL CAMPUS 
VIDEO DANCE. Come to the largest all·campus 
dance of the year. Two large video screens. light· 
ing, and special effects will transform the Price 
Center Ballroom into a high tech video dance club. 

FRIDAY 

11:30 AM · 1:30 PM -Intemational Center. INTER· 
NATIONAL CAFE. Informal lunch hosted by campus 
and community volunteer organizations. For all 
internationally minded students. faculty. and staff 
($2.50 at the door). 
4:00-6:00 PM - Pl)'atel F jld. next to the Engineer· 
ing Building. UNITED TA.WANESE ASSOCIATION 
SOFTBALL GAME. 

5:0010:00 PM - Price C.,nter Cove. KAIBIGANG 
PIUPINO OUTREACH DINNeR Afree dinner offered 
by Kaibigang Pilipino. Find out about our organiza. 
tion and meet new people . For more information 
please call 534-7763. 

IATURDAY 

8:00 AM - 3:00 PM - Meet at the International 
Center. BUS TOUR OF SAN DIEGO. Informal guided 
tour of San Diego sponsored by UCSD International 
Club. Sign up in advance at the Intemational 
Center. 

6:00 PM . Midnight - International Center. 
PACHANGA DE BIENVENIDA. Movimlento Estudiantll 
Chlcano/ a de Azatlan welcomes all Incoming and 
retumlng UCSD students to Its Pachanga de 
Blenvenlda. Meet Chicano/Latino staff. faculty. 
and students of UCSD and find out what MEChA is 
all about. Dinner and dancing included. 

SUNDAY 

3:3().7:00 PM - Stonehenge. WELCOME MASS. A 
beautiful outdoor mass to Introduce new students 
to the Catholic community and welcome back 
",tumlna students. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

New Residence Halls Open at Warren Intramural Sports Program 
Offers Welcome ShIdy Break 
AtHLETICS: Students of all types participate in 
activities such as football, basketball and tenni 

By StephanIe SImon 
Guardian Reporter 

If you passed up the chance to 
live at Warren this year, this bit of 
news ~y make you regret your 
decision. 

Warren College's housing is new 
and improved. Construction crews 
have spent the last two years bull-
dozing, hammering and drilling 
away, resulting in a few new addi-
tions at Warren. Three new fresh-
man residence halls have been added 
to the existing undergraduate apan-
menls. 

In addition. two brand-new on-
campus grclduate student apartments 
and a student center complete with 
an international-style dining hall, 
lounge rooms and the residential 
life offices now gruce the Warren 
campus grounds, Warren College 
Assistant Resident Dean Eric 
Rollerson snid. A 7-II-styleconve~ 
nience store will open in the near 
future. 

" I feel I'm really lucky to be 
here," said first-year student Bill 
Erlinger, "because I had no idea we 
were gelling new dorms until orien-
tation." 

Even the old undergraduate 
apanments have received a make-
over during the summer, including 
a pastel paint job, charcoal-grey 
carpeting and a few new furniture 
items. 

Resident Adviser (RA) Jeff 
Tacao, a Warren senior, said the 
furniture improvements are great. 
" It has a very finished feel to it. It 
used to be such a mismatch with 
ugly colors." 

DIMd Cho/ Gulnfan 
~ Mudents moved Into new ... 'dence ..... et W ....... CoIIeIe 
u. weekend. ConetnIotIon ... completed over the aumner. 

In the past, Warren residents had 
to joumey beyond their campus to 
get a meal; but now they can buy hot 
meals right outside their own dwell-
ings at the neWly-opened 
Canyonvista Restaurant. Senior 
cook Sherrie Anderheggen prom-
ised "all kinds of good things" to eat 
at Canyonvista. The cafeteria-style 
restaurant offers Asian entrees,ltal-
ian pizza and pasta. a sub shop, soup 
and salad bar, grill items, and an 
entree-of-the-day during lunch and 
dinner, as well as a large selection of 
breakfast entrees in the morning. 

Students can also have a good 
time burning off those college calo-
ries on their new sand volleyball, 
horseshoe and basketball courts. 

The less active types can enjoy 
the wade and Mac lab. The arcade, 
open from II a.m. to II p.m., fea-

tures 20 video games, pool and ping-
pong tables. The Mac lab,located at 
what used to be the shullle stop, is 
being expandedand will reopen soon 
with the addition offour CD-ROM 
changers and 15 Centris Maclntosh 
computers, all networked through 
UNIX to UCSD Internet, RA Brian 
Jackson said 

The construction of the conve-
nience store, named Earl's Place 
afterChiefJusticeandcollegenarne-
sake Earl Warren, is behind sched-
ule but is slated to open in October 
and offer 24-hour service, accord-
ing to Tacao. 

Graduate student Melissa 
Casanta wasn ' t completely im-
pressed with the changes at Warren. 
however. She noted glitches such as 
antattacks,unpredictablewaterheat-

See WARREN, Page 14 

By BrIan K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

Lectures. labs and late-night 
caffeine-filled cram sessions of-
ten constitute a large portion of a 
college student's life. The very 
popular UCSD Intramural Sports 
Program strives to promote a safe 
and friendly athletic escape from 
the rigorous academic grind. 

Over 1,600 teams participate 
week.ly in 30differenl sport activi-
ties over the course of the school 
year. A variety of days, times and 
levels of competition are offered 
for each sport. 

Getting involved is easy bUI it 
takes some initiative, an early 
morning wake-up call and for the 
first time ever, a sport entry fee. 
The fee is a result of the University 
of California's ongoing budget 
crunch. 

First, the interested student 
should form an intramural team in 
any selected spon offered each 
quaner and pick. up a team roster 
form at the UCSD Recreation Of-
fice at Canyonview, near Warren 
College. 

The fall itinerary includes flag 
football, volleyball, floor hockey, 
tennis. innertube water polo and 
3-on-3 basketball for both men. 
women and coed learns. Team 
members are restricted to current 
UCSD students orfaculty and staff 

with RecCard~ . 
Ne>.l. check the 4uilnerly , ched-

ule of 1M team spons aClivities 
listed in the Canyon view Maga-
zine. also found at the Qlnyonvicw 
Recremion Office, for Ihat par-
licular spon 's morning lelephone 
registration priority period. 

During Ihe registralion time. 
students should call 534-6644 and 
state their leam's name and team 
representative. Students will re-
ceive a registration priorily num-
ber that wi ll be used m a ream 
captain's meeting held later Ihal 
day. The rules of Ihe game :lOd 
times of P"IY wi ll bt: di ~l:lI~sed . 
and the enlry fee sholiid abo be 
paid at this time. 

Any team captain who fails 10 
call or receive a team regisl ration 
priority number during Ihe morn-
ing phone-in period should . lill go 
to the team ctlptain's meeting for 
that spon, where a secondary pri-
ori ly number will be issued. 

Students having difficulty 
fonning a team shou ld also attend 
Ihe captain '. meeting. and an 1M 
siaffmember will help find them a 
learn. 

"You play once a week ina five 
10 seven game . eason. then comes 
playoff time." . aiel A ssislanl In-
tramural Direclor SCOII Bemdes. 
" Hell , it '. a good time. Gel your 
bUllS out Ihere." 

SERVING UCSD STUDENTS FOR 10 YWS Pagers & Cellular Phones 
DESIGNER FRAMES BY: 
0IMr Peoples, GuoItier 
Bodo, Optical AIfoirs, 
Fred, Corti_, Christian Dior, 
Nikon, NeostyIe, 
Matsuda & many mort 

EXTENDED 

~~~~ $139 
COMPLETE 

26 DISPOSABLE 
LENSES $1 
COMPL£TE 

CONTACT LENS 
SPECIALS 
including 
• Exom 
• lenses 
• Troining 
• Follow up 
• Solutions 

Authortzed Agent for PageMart and USWest Cellular 

$78 Motorola Bravo PIIIs1)l 

• Student owned and operated 
• No store front means low overhead for us 

and lower costs for you 

Ii:! We carryall major brands of cellular phones 
Ii:! Plans starting at $19.95 per month 
o Lowest cellular phone prices guaranteed 

o Pagers Slart at $56 
o Coverage available in all major US cities 
o Voice Mail also available 

(61~=:~!!:!! @ L·j.~!!L 
(BOO) 864-8567 Cel/IA/at" COl1l1ecfion (619) 521-1914 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargaIn. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
• with this ad. Offer .'pi," 1014/93 

, AEJIOIICS • LFECYClES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRIIASTERS ,cL£AI( AND SPACIOUS 
, NAUlI.US • PERSONAlINSTRUCTlON 

• 4 IllES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near lee Wards, behind Famous FOOIw8ar) 

483·9294 
also located near SOSU (698-1702) 

F ... ",r/r 1_",,_, 



H NEWS 

Accounting 
eourseFall '93 

Econ 4 Financial Accounting 
No Prerequisites 

TTh 8:30-9:50 
Course code 190721 

I 
Fall Quarter 1993 ~(J.t.ea"e. language courses 

COu .... lToti. s.ctioft DaylT1_ 81c1t.J"-
I A Flrsl Year/Colll/ersatlOO 175403 A Tutor181 M'NF 9·9:50 am ABC 1328 
1 A First Year/Col1llersatlOO 17 S404 B T utor181 M'NF 11-11 :50 am ABC 1328 
I A Flrsl Year/Col1llersatlOO 175405 C T utor18l M'NF 2·2:50 ~m ABC 1328 
1 A Frrst Year/Colll/ersatlOO 180663 0 T utor18l MWF 3·3:50 ~m ABC 1328 
I A Frrst Year/Colll/arsatlOO 1 B0664 E Tutorial r.NVF 4-4:50 ~m ABC 1328 
lAX First Year/~s 175406 Lecture T u Th 2:30-3:50 pm ABC 3202 
2A Second Yr/ComersallOO 1 75408 A T utoriBI Th ThF 2·2:50 ~ ABC 1428 
2A Second YrlConversal1OO 175409 B Tutorial Th ThF 3-3:50 pm ABC 1428 
2A Second Yr/ConversatlOO 1 80665 C T utor18l ThThF 4-4:50 pm Te~302 
2AX Second Yrl Arlao/sis 175410 Lecture MW4-5:20pm ABC 3202 
I OOA ThIrd Year Korean 175411 Lecture Th Th 4-5:20 pm ABC 3202 

Inllruc\or: K.H.lIe. For mort IIIfInllllllll RII ... IR/PS lalit .... Pr .... , 534·71142/7411 

Do you suffer from ASTHMA? 
Volunteers m needed for Research Drug Study. All testing and 

study medications are FREE 
~alified participants will be paid up to 5250.00 

Call Dianna or Janet at 
436-3988 

WARREN W. PLESKOW, M.D. 
Allergy and Asthma Treatment and Research Association 

1--------------------1 
I Unplanned Pregnancy? 
I Decisions to Make? 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feet Atone ... We Can Hetp You 

277 S. Rancho Santa Fe Rd. 
Su~e S 

San Marcos, CA 92069 
744-1313 

15O-A N. EI Camino Reel 
Wiegand Plaza 

Encinitas, CA 92024 
942-5220 

L 24 Hr Hotline 1-800-848-LOVE I _____________________ --1 

Part-time 

SCHOOL DAYS-DIALAMERICA PAYS! 
If you need extra income to help with school 
expenses, we are what you are looking for. 

We market for national publishers/non-profit 
organizations. Join the 1000s of people who 

already know where the best part-time jobs are, 
• ACCOMMODATING SCHEDULES 

• UPBEAT ATMOSPHERE 

• SSOO-$l,OOOIMONTH 
• PAID TRAtNtNG 

DIALAMERICA MARKETING, INC. 

571-1672, Ext. 24 

The UCSD Guardian TIII'StIIlY. 't'ptt'lIIll1'r 21. 1993 

R~velle College Welcomes New Dean 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Barely two weeks on the job. 
new Revelle Dean of Students Renee 
Barnett "is still in a state of shock," 
according to Revelle Provost 1bo-
mas Bond. 

Apparently, there are several 
major differences between Revelle 
College and the University of New 
Mexico. where Bamett served as 
associate dean of students. The 
26,OOO-student New Mexico cam-
pus is not divided into small seg-
ments, and students feel more a part 
of the campus as a whole, Barnett 
said. 

In addition, Barnett has big shoes 
to fill. Fonner Dean Emie Mon. 
who retired last year, held the posi-
tion for 23 years and was only the 
second dean in Revelle history. 

Bamert said she meets with Molt 
once a month and hopes to "con-
tinue the traditional kind of pro-
grams that existed for years at 
Revelle." 

But Bamett said she would also 
bring a fresh. outside perspective to 
a post that has become caught in 
tradition . A self-described 
workaholic. she said she plans to 
creatively build programs despite 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
Revelle Dean Renee Barnett 
the fact that heroffice is strapped for 
cash. 

"We're going to have champagne 
altitudes in a beer budget." she said. 

Innovative measures such as 
seeking corporate funding for col-
lege activities and org'lniZlltion~ are 
among Barnett's ideas of how to 
keep the quality of progmms high. 

She is already brimming with 
suggestions for new student orien-
tation. since she arrived inthemiddle 
of the first-year students' orienta-
tion process. 

Barnell called cUl1'ent programs. 
which focus almost entirely on aca-

demic advising and class registra-
tion. outdated. 

A berter model would include a 
panoply of student activities on the 
first day. followed by academic ad-
vising once students have become 
more accustomed to their new sur-
roundings. ,he said. 

As an award-winning developer 
of New Mexico's current orienw-
tion program. Bamet! ,aid ,he has 
the experience to impro\'e the qual-
ity of Revelle orientation programs. 
First, she would like to make stu-
dents feel a par1 of the UCSD cam-
pus as a whole in addition to being 
Revelle studenls. 

.. It·s wonderful lhat we have 
small colleges. but we' re not con-
nected to the entire lIniver,ity." she 
said, 

One extllllple of a '-run" event 
thm Bamen sa ill sl1e plannedm UNM 
is a professiolKlllY-lllodeled t.dk 
show to discuss issues such as sex . 
thugs ,lI1d rehltionships. 

While traditions will be l11ain-
wined. B,lrnetl also plan, a lot of 
changes. although she said such 
changes will take lime. "Forpeople 
to become accu, tomed 10 change is 
hard. but the p,lIh of lea,1 resislance 
is not always best:' 

Un-Olympics to be Replaced by 'Playfair' 
EVENT: Welcome Week 
tradition altered in order 
to increase involvement 
By FrancI8co DeVries 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Un-Olympics, a 15-year 
Welcome Week tradition at UCSD, 
have been shelved by campus ad-
ministrators in an effort to increase 
student participation and reduce 
competition between the five un-
dergraduate colleges. 

"Playfair," a series of noncom-
petitive games and audience par-
ticipation events run by an outside 
company, will replacetJlC Un-Olym-
pics. 

Director of Student Organiza-
tions and Leadership Oppol1unities 
and Welcome Week Committee 
Chair Yolanda Garcia said that 
Playfair is an "interactive, high-en-
ergy exercise [that] really lends it-
self to get students to meet each 
other in a noncompetitive way." 

While the Un-Olympics were 
popular among students, drawing 

1,300 last year, only a small per-
centage actually participated in a 
given event, according to Garcia. 
"There were a lot of students just 
sitting around," she said. 

Muir College Assistant Dean of 
Student Affairs and Welcome Week 
Committee member Vince Manson 
said that administrators wanted to 
avoid "pitting the colleges against 
each other at the start of the school 
year." 

Colleges that rarely orneverwon 
the "Golden Shoe," the official Un-
Olympics trophy, felt "degraded," 
Manson said. 

The Shoe will not be awarded 
this year. 

The decision toswitchto Playfair 
also stemmed from the 
administration's concem about the 
sensitivity of such Un-Olympic 
events as the pie-eating contest and 
the egg-toss. The pie-euting contest, 
according to Garcia, was unsympa-
thetic to students suffering from 
eating disorders. 

As for the egg toss, Garcia said 
that "with all the starving people ... 

was it appropriate to be wasting 
food like that?" 

Garcia emphasized that if stu-
dents prefer the Un-Olympics to 
Playfair, the Welcome Week Com-
mittee will consider bringing back a 
modified version of the Un-Olym-
pics. 

Associate Intramural Director 
Scott Bemdes. who was one of lhe 
originators of the Un-Olympics and 
has helped organize the event e~er 
since. said he was against ~helving 
the games. 

" [The Un-Olympics I \Vas one of 
the largest. most succes~ful even IS 
on campus ... I think it's really un-
fortunate that it has been canceled." 
he said. 

Bemdes :ldded that he would 
attend Playfair to see how well it 
goes and. if Welcome Week orga-
nizers asked. possibly 1,'Y to incor-
porate some of the Playfair ideas 
into a revised Un-Olympics. 

"We would love to get back in-
volved.· ' he said. 

Playfair will take place tOl11or-
row at I: 15 p.m at Muir Field. 

Next Issue of the Guardian: September 27 

• 

Mathematics Department 

~I Fall '93:"00 You need a Math course that is an alternative to Calculus? 
MATH 15A 

"Introduction to Discrete Mathematics" 

Calculus is still basic math for the physical sciences and engineering, 
but in the "Information Age" there are new problems requiring a 
different way of Mathematical thinking--Discrete Mathematical As 
the math that provides the foundation for computer technology, it 
deals with "trees," paths on a grid, slrings of symbol~ncepts we 
can visualize and reach easily with our intuition. 
Instructor: 
Prerequisite: 
nme: 
Place: 
SectIon Codea: 

Prof •• eor A. Garcia 
Good command of high IChool algebra 
MWF 2-2:50 p.m. 
HSS2305 
180544 (Th 8-8:50 a.m,) 
180545 (Th 9-9:50 a.m,) 

For mOl'llnfonnltlon, pili .. comet the Undergraduate Office 
InAPM 7018 

Tuesday, September 21,1993 

FEES: UC budget 
outlook brightens 
slightly 
ContInued from page 3 
"We didn't want to give anybody 
false expectations because we have 
no expectations." 

While university officials remain 
cautious about the budget situation, 
they added that encouragement from 
the state government influenced their 
decision. 

"There was hope based on the 
initial sign - we were not cut as 
much. Now we have to see what 
happens in the long-term situation," 
said Alva. 

The regents ' decision is contin-
gent on the allocation of funds for 
the preparation of an environmental 
impact report (EIR). The $1.5 mil-
lion expenditure has been approved 
by the legislature, according toAlva. 
who added that UC officials will 
resume with the site selection pro-
cess approximately 30 days after 
receiving lhe -.oney for the EIR. 

The lhree final sites approved by 
the regents in 1992 - Lake 
Yosemite in Merced County, Table 
Mountain in Madera County, and 
Academy in Fresno County - re-
main under considemtion. 

WOOTEN: 
Conflict-of-interest 
charges levied 
ContInued from page 3 
UC discoveries in exchange for 
$30,OOOperyear. Although Wootten 
asserted that the deal was struck by 
former Vice President Ronald 
Brady, the Exami"e,. reported that 
UC documents confinn Wootten's 
participation in the deal. 

A provision in the Political Re-
fonn Act requires officials to dis-
qualify themselves from panicipat-
ing in official decisions if they, or 
firms that they have invested in, 
may profit from the' outcome. 

When asked by the Guardian if 
university officials planned to in-
vestigate the allegations made 
against Woouen, UC spokesman 
Mike Alva said, "At this time, the 
Office of the President doesn't have 
any comment." 

The Wootten case is the second 
instance this year in which UC offi-
cials may have violated the Political 
Reform Act. Another Examiner 
story in July reported that six UC 
officials, including Wootten, Brady 
andfonnerPresidentDavidGardner, 
failed to report receiving gifts and 
gratuities from Alameda County 
developer Ron Cowan. Cowan had 
hoped to bring UC projects to his 
industrial park. 

State law requires UC officials 
to report gifts, investments and in-
come annually. At this time, no ac-
tion has been taken against the six 
UC officials for their alleged viola-
tion. 

INTERESTED IN 
WRITING FOR 
THEGuWIAN'? 
Come to the Guardian 
Internship Meeting 01 7 
p.m. on Oct. 4. The 
meeting will be held al the 
Guanlian offiees on the 
second Roor of the old 
Student Center. 

~ 
I 

II I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Did you know •.• 

J"tllri,,,,,"tiv~ ckntal tr~annellt actually lowers till cost of your dental 
(('TIll . With regular check-ups and ckanings we can catch those 

they Ix>come big ones, and />Towne bu,ld-up on ),our leelh from 
and bone loss. 

take car~ of Jour mauch al /easl as weU as YOII take care of your 
in far a check-up and a c/eaning ... 50 you lOOn 't haw 10 sp,md 

a new mald in the future. 
smile is a treasure worth proteelmg .. . and with raday's 

. techniques, we can ellen moke il brighter lhan fIleT ar minimal 
us loday! 

• COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587 -4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-"""UCSD I 
~ LI Joli. Vlltlg. Dr . I 

UTe 
II 

z.® J I ~bor Dr . ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEll GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------: III Full Service $ 99: 

: S?~6~ F!! !A!! 3"",,~ l 
I C 'IR WASil Not valid with any other otter. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 1111193 I 

~----------------- ______ I 

PARK IT 
HERE 

Instead of roaming the parking lots, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax. 

Enjoy yourself. Tum up your headset. Look at the scenery for a change. Talk. Cram for a lest of you have to. 
Why drive yourself nuts when you can ride for only $48 a month. As many rides on buses 'and trolleys as you want. 

Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

The Routes To Know To Get Where You Want To Go 
Four San Diego Transit routes serve UCSD. Chances are, one 
wil' take you directly where you want to go. If not, an ea~y 
transfer connects you 10 l us ~,"d trolley routes going every-
where in the county. Urban Fare $1.50. Express Fare 
(Rts. 30 & 50) $1 .75 . 
Route 30. E>.press between Downlown San Diego and USIU 
via Pacific Beach. La Jolla. Torre} Pines Road. UCSD. VA 
Hospital. Un ivers 'ly Tuwne Centre. Miramal Rd., Mira Mesa 
and Scripps Ranch. 
Route 34. Downtown Sa~ Diego to Universily Towne Centre 
via Loma Porwl Missiofl Beach. Pacific Beach, Ln Jolla , La 
Jolla Shore ', Scripps In ·titute, UCSD, VA Hospital. Scripps 
Hospital, UC'. 'D Housing, La Jolla Village SlJuare (34A only) 
and Nolth UnI versity ity Hou~ltIg (34A only.) 
Route 41. Torrey Pines Golf Course to Fashion Vulley via 
Scripps Clinic. UCSD. V A Hospitul. University Towne Centre. 
University City, Clairemont. Mesa College and Linda Vista. 

Route SO. Express between Downtown San Diego and La Jolla 
Village Square vilt Clairemonl. UniversilY City. UniversilY 
Towne Centre and V A Hospi tal. Note: Rt. 50 does not ,e rve 
the campus direct. It travels on La 10lla Village Drive. 
Free bus rides around campus for UCS D sllIdents. faculi v. slaff. 
grad students and spouses. Just bring your UCS D photo I D to 
the UCSD Transportal ion Alternative at 406 MAA or c;1I1 
534-RIDE. 
Monlhly b " and Irolley pa ' se~ ($-+X) are al the a~hier, Office. 
401 MAAC. 
Free Cam us Bus Roule Map, ilild bus ,chedut e~ arc al',lilablc 
at the Transpot1alioll Alternati ve or RIDESHARI ' hOard, 
throughou r,lmpus, . 

Need.More bus infonlllllion? Call 

233-3004 
seven days a week. 5:30 a.m. and 8:30 p.m. 
(TYY or hearing impaired only. 134-5005) 

San Diego Transit. 



lO NEWS The UCSD Guardian TIIC day, SCl't('mbcl' 21 , 1993 

~~~~~~~~~IFEATURE.~I ~~~~~~~~~ Despite the frustrations and de-
lays that are coupled with job hunt-
ing, two-thirds of UCSD students 
are employed at some point in the 
year. One-qual1erofUCSD students 
are employed 0 11 t:ampus tor an av-
erage hourly wage of $7.50, the 
highest pay of any University of 
California campus. 

Stalking the Perfect Job 
Finding employment on campus may not be as diffu:ult as 

you think 
Additionally, more UCSD un-

dergraduates work than at any other 
campus in the system except UCLA. &i;;;;--------------iiiiiiiji 8 y . E RIC • C H MID T FI ----------------= 

SENIOR STAFF WRJTER 

For students without the experi-
ence or time commitment required 
for a laboratory job or internships in 
their field of interest, there are many 
jobs which offer tudents decent 
wages and flexible hours. YOU MAV IlEAR lllAT IT'S IM-possible to find a job in San Diego. You may hear that they'll pay you slave wages to worle a dull job that has 

nothing todowithyourcareerplans. 
You may hear that the search for 
employment is a long, humiliating 
process that can only end in frustra-
lion. 

Pan of that is lrue. As UCSD fees 
ri~e rapidly, the job market on and 
ar und campus i. shrinking and 
wages are fa ll ing. 

The good news is that despite the 

sluggish economy. students are still 
findingjobs, and many say the search 
for employment is easy with a little 
patience. 

The trick for first-year students 
seeking employment is not to be too 
selective or try to worle too many 
hours. In general, students cannot 
compete for coveted labonttory jobs 
or internships without classroom 
experience, and a heavy workload 
keeps new students from easily 
adapting to the college lifestyle. 

Revelle Provost Thomas Bond 
suggests that new students who can 

afford not to worle refrain from tak-
ingjobs. "I would hope that students 
carrying 16 units or more would not 
worle during their first year, or only 
eight to 10 hours, but it's a very 
individual thing," he says. 

Bond also says students should 
take on-campus jobs, which gener-
ally pay better and don't require a 
commute for campus residents. 

visit the CSC as soon as possible. 
though, since students still have to 
fill out a scantron card to use the 
phone line. The scantron allows ac-
cess (0 the listings until July, 1994. 

Murray offers some pointers to 
help students spear the perfect job. 
"Students who use the service are 
well advised to call early in the 
morning or during evening hours" 
when the phone lines are not vely 
busy, he says. 

The biggest on-campus employer 
is Dining Selvice , which usually 
offers about 480 jobs. TIlis year. the 
number of positions will jump to 
about 550 with the opening of new 
t:afeteria at W.m·cn College, accord-
ing to Dining Selvices Tl dlning 
Assistant Marguret McLaren. 

Seniors Hold Most On-Campus Jobs 
Distribution of Students Holding On-Campus Jobs by 
Class Leve l Compared to Overall Student Distribution 

The fi rst step (or students look-
ing for any kind of job, especially on 
campus, usually involves stopping 
by UCSD 's Career Services Center 
(CSC). The center lists all jobs at 
UCSD. at least in theory. and it also 
posts many off-campus job I isti ngs. 

Because of the number of jobs 
listed, 95 to 97 percent of all en-
rolled UCSD students pass through 
the center at least once every year, 
according to CSC Director Neal 
Murray. 

In addition, students should 
check the listings daily, a~ new jobs 
are constantly being posted. "TIle 
very moment you close the door. 
there may be something that 's per-
fect for you," Murray says. 

Murray says somc students have 
the rni conception that most CSC 
jobs are restricted to work-study 
students. ''The percentage of work-
study jobs is only 10 to 15 percent. 
Early in the quarter, a greater per-
cent are posted as onl y work-study, 
but the department can 't fill all jobs 
with wOrk-study students." 

This means Dining Selvices will 
be hiring cafeteria employees ell 
lI1as~·e. begininh lmme",lIely. Stat1-
ing salaries are $5.87. and pay jumps 
evely 300 houl ~. After 15{)() ho urs. 
a t:afe teria worker will maI-e 7. 14. 

When reccil l Revelle graduate 
Denni~ Crovella sought a job three 
year~ ago, he fir~t tried Careel Ser-
vices but got frustraled when noth-
ing good was po~tcd. Walking out 
of the cellter. he saw a booth adver-
ti sing employment at Dining Ser-
vices, applied. wld wa~quickly hired. 

STUDENTS WORKING ON CAMPUS 

Junlo,. (26.3%) 

All STUDENTS (WINTER. 1993 ) 

This year, CSC has removed all 
posted job listings within the build-
ing. Instead, students will have to 
phone in to hearthe li stings on a 24-
hour computerized system. Two 
computers in the CSC office also 
access the listings system. 

Later in the quarter, theacadernic 
departments must fill positions with 
students who do not qualify for the 
worle-study program, Murray added. 

"A few times a year. [Dining 
Services] i ~ full. bu t especially in 
the fall it 's easy to getajob,"Crovella 
says, adding that the job is fairly 
easy and hours are flexible. 

Murray advises job seekers to See JOBS, Page 11 

Finally ••• 
FAST Heip 
With Your 

Student Loan 
-Fast 
-Local 

We dare other lenders to beat 
us! If you need special help, 
we aren't a vague voice in 
New York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help. 

''W~MEN IN BIOSCIENCE· 
OPPORTUNITIES IN THE NINETIES" 

CONFERENCE 
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16,1993 

8:00 A.M. ·4:30 P.M. 
Sponsored by the Association of Women in Science and UCSD 
CONNECT, this one day conference will focus on career options for 
women interested in biotechnology and related fields. Women 
scientists and professionals in all areas of bioscience will share their 
insights on how to succeed in this exciting new industry. Special 
emphaSis will be placed on career paths and career transitions; from 
academia to industry; from other industries into biotechnology; and 
from the bench to non-research positions. 

Free Credit Union Membership 
for Student Loan Applicants! 

PLENARY SPEAKERS: The Honorable Lucy Killea, California State 
Senator; Dr. Marjorie Caserio, UCSD Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs; Dr. Cynthia Robbins-Roth, Bioventure View; Dr. Ellen Weaver, 
AWlS National President; Diane West, VP of The Leadership Edge. 

We waive your membership fee and you enjoy 
outstanding financial services from any of 22 countywide 

branch locations. Call us for more info about 

CORPORATE SUPPORTERS: Alliance Pharmaceuticals; Cooley, 
Godward, Castro, Huddleson & Tatum; eytel; Friedmann 
Communications ; ISIS Pharmaceuticals; La Jolla Institute for 
Experimental Medicine; Ligand Pharmaceuticals; Medical 
Biology Institute; Molecular Biosystems; Mycogen Corporation; 
Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater & Science Center; SIBIA; San Diego 
Biotechnology Calendar; Scripps Research Institute; Stoorza, Ziegaus 
& Metzger, Inc. 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

1'"' Mjsgon Federnl Credit union 
-..l.... SERVlNGTHEEDUCATIONAlCOMMUNtTY 

Mis>ion Federal i. a $560 mi ll ion credil unIOn which has served the educational ccmmulity 
of San Die,o Coul1ly rex- ma-e lhan I quaner cenlury. Rales. lerms. condition. Ind serv ices subject 10 chanac. 9193 

For additional program information, please call Lynne Friedmann at 
(619)793-3537. 

mls ~(~ COl'NECTo, 

TuetJday, September 21, 1993 

JOBS: On-campus 
opportunities abound 
ContInued from pace 10 

1be only down side, he says, is 
thai customers can be annoying. "A 
lot of them don't see us as [fellow] 
students. But that's lhe biggesl irri-
tation." 

Crovella says there is no stereo-
typical student at Dining Services, 
although "We usually say that we 
have unusual people here. We don't 
get people who want a good image 
worleing here because you have to 
sweep and mop and gel dil1y." 

Students also have the opportu-
nity to rise to supervisor positions at 
Dining Services. Warren senior Kim 
Hood, who has worleed at the caf-
eteria since her first days on cam-
pus, is one such student. 

Hood recommends the job to 
first-year students, since, she says, 
they worle typically 10-15 hours per 
week on a flex ible schedule and can 
always worle at a labomtory job 
after gaining classroom ex perience. 

The library, the second biggest 
on-campus employer, uses a pay 
scale ladder and also has supervi-
sory positions_ According to 
Marshall College senior Greg 
Ferguson, a library employee for 
two and a half years, library posi-
tions are being affected by the bud-
get cuts. Instead of straight salary 
cuts, he says jobs are being reclassi-
fied into lower salary categories. 

Ferguson emphasizes advantages 
to library work similar 10 those of 
Dining Services: flexible hours and 
good wages. Pushy customers are 
Ferguson's only complaint. 

In addition, a variety of positions 
allows students to find jobs suited to 
their talents. For example, students 
with a yen for worleing with people 
may work at the front desk, while 
computer-literati can operate the 
cataloguing syslern, Ferguson says. 

The Office of Academic Su~ 
port and Instructional Services (OA-
SIS), which offers lutoring and ad-
vising services, is also a major em-
ployer, hiring 161 students in 1993. 
Revelle junior Maria Parnyno, an 
OASIS clerk, says the work is light 
and scheduling is flexible. 

Like at Other campus depart-
ments, OASIS student employment 
has been hun by budget CUIS. In-
steadofcuttingjobs wholesale, how-
ever, only hours have been cut, ac-
cording to Parayno. 

Highlights of the job include 
extremely friendly supervisors, a 
variety of positions such as tutoring 
which allow close contact with stu-
dents from diffemlt backgrounds 
and "you get to wor1c with a lot of 
underserved minorities," Parayno 
says. 

Students who wish to head 
straightforiabol'lllory jobs will pr0b-
ably have to volunteer before draw-
ing a paycheck. Muir senior Rob 
Herrick worleed for Assistant Pro-
fessorofChemistry Mike Sailor for 
nine months before ~ing paid. 

For Herrick, it was worth the 
wait, since he now makes $9.08 an 
hour studying the electrodeposition 
of carbon. Though he sometimes 
worles 50-60 hours a week, he can 
only be paid for 30 hours. 

For new students looking for on-
or off-campus lab jobs, Herrick ad-
vises that "employers are happy to 
pick up UCSD students. People are 
more than willing [to hire I, but you 
have to show a certain apcitude and 
a certain eagerness to be there." 

In general, it seems that almost 
any job imaginable is available for 
the student with the patience and 
luck to tind it. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCID'a 
ftargood ... baD CoU ... 

_DaDe_lt'a 
lec_dAna_ 

III faa ran,- .... ,I roU 
acbolarsbip fundr.ar 

NEWS U 

Fifth College 

"A Celebration of 
CULIU~[S" 

. September 21, 1113 
10:1II •• m. 

S .. aoyah • .u Brldgl 

A year-long series of concerts, films, discussions and 
events observing the historical and present day culture; 
of the world. 

SI aladent ragialr.tioD 
(will 8lud_t ID) 

SIO l1li II1II •• 
a1hbt dh _tryll 

October 
November 
January 
February 
March 
April 
May 

Latin America 
North AmericalNative Americans 
Asia 
Africa 
Oceana/Australia 
Middle EastlNear East 
Europe f. _by ... call (811) 134 43111 To find out more and to get involved in this program, 

contact Sandra at the Fifth Dean's Office, 534-2237. 

The new 
3-D graphing 
grade-making 
easy-learning 
fast-answering 
budget-pleasing 
headache-busting 
HP48G 

Chec.k it out 
The new HP 48G graphic calcula-
tor gives you a whole lot more for 
a whole lot less than you think. 

Get more 
, Push a button, choose from the 
pull-<lown menu, and fill in the 
blanks. Entering data is that easy. 

• View 3-D graphs. 
,Access over 300 built-in equations. 
• Perfonn algebra and calculus 
operations on equations before 
entering values. 

• Enter and see equations like they 
appear on paper. 

-Work with different units of 
measure. The HP 48G will convert 
them for you. For example, enter 
inches, centimeters, yards, and 
feet, together in one equation -
it'll convert them. 

Get more .. , for less 
,Compare prices - the HP 48G fits 
your budget 

Special introductory olrer* 
When you buy an HP 48G or 
HP 48Gx, you can get free 
software (Plus games!) and a free 
cable for connecting to your 
desktop PC. Write programs for 
the HP 48 using your PC keyboard, 
or store HP 48 files and programs 
on your desktop PC. 

Pick up a coupon at your college 
bookstore. 

Fli;-. HEWLETT 
a:t:. PACKARD 

·Offer good whilf' supplh:-s laSI 011 pun·ha.s(~ 
made from August I . 1003 throuj:h 
Octo""r 3t , 1(1);l. ~ coupon for l~nl1S 
IIlld condItions. 
CHewlett·Packard omp""y. J'(O 1:!:I06B 



12 The UCSD Guardian Tueeday, Septelllber21, 1993 

The UCSD Bookstore Computer 

Center has an extensive selection of 

hardware including 

Appl~ Macintosh, 
. mM, Zenith and 

Sun Microsystems. 

Students, faculty 

and staff are 

eligible 

for big 

with 

educational pricing. 

The ......... Electronics 

Department' . carrIes 

scientific, financial, 

graphing and data calculators 

* COMPUTER REPAIR 
* EDUCATIONALPRICING 
* SOFTWARE/HARDWARE 
* SPECIAL ORDERS 

from Hewlett Packard, Texas 

instruments, Casio, and 

Sharp. Electronic 

accessories like. floppie 

disks, printer and 

typewriter ribbons, 

toner cartridges, 

calculator 

batteries, radios, 

surge supressors, 

computer and laser 

paper are all 

conveniently 

located under one 

roof: 

The 
UCSD Bookstore. 

UCSD Bookstore 
Mon-Fri Bam - 6pm; Sat. lOam - 6 pm 

Computer Department 534-4291 
Electronics Department 534-4320 

Tuesday, September 21, 1993 The UCSD Guanfian 

Plant&Basket 

ALL 6-inch plants 
$4.95 

ALL 4-inch plants 
$1.50 

Get some green, grow some green 
and save some green - plants, 
that is - for your room or office. 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 1 
Plants are on the 2nd floor around 
the staircase. Limited to supplies on 
hand. Gift and clothing information 
534-8530 

L.JCSD 
BC.>C>K~>TC>RE 

~ CUFFS QUICK REVIEWS ...... 
When you need help preparing for a test, think Quick. Cliffs 
Quick Reviews are the new study guides from the leader in 
study guides: Cliffs Notes. 
Cliffs Quick Review guides are written to aid 
understanding of introductory college 
courses. They are perfect for use as general 
course notes and for review before quizzes, 
midterms and finals. 
Do better in the classroom, and on papers 
and tests with Cliffs Quick Reviews. 

;:' ~: :: 
... 

~l ~~ 
I' ~. 

P.O. Box 80728.ln:oIn. lIE 68501 

UCSD Bookstore 
General Book Information 

534-3149 

UCSD Bookstore Tent 
Wednesday,-Sept. 29-Friday, Oct. I 

9 am to4pm 
Textbook Department 534-4457 

l3 



14 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Fifth College Dean Jane Hett Lost to Cancer at 38 
TRlBUlE: Administrator "[It was one of the] little ways M[Dean Hett) 
remembered by friends she'dgotheextramileforstudents," excelled In her work, 

Barrett said. "She did not let any-
for enthusiasm, energy thing slip." .... wouldn't hay. 
By Jonna Palmer Hett'sclosefriendandcolleague, been happ" anyplace 
Associate News Editor Deana Slater, acting dean of stu- I 

Earlierthis summer, UCSOlost dentsutFifthCollege,recalledHen's wh ...... couldn't 
an extraordinary woman to cancer. positive, can-do attitude about life. hay. been creating 
FifthCollege Dean of Students Jane "Jane's energy was contagious -
Hen, 38, died on June II, the day that's why she was so much fun to chang •• That'. wh:y 
before the college's graduation cer- work with," Slater said. . working with her wa. 
erIlony. On June 16th, a memorial ser-~ OirectorofHousingLarry Barren vice was held for Hell at the UCSD ver, excHlng." 
described Hen as having been "a faculty club that was attended by -Deana SIMer, 
first-class coach for students and her family and friends, along with Fifth College Acting Dean of Students 
staff alike." He cited an incident students,faculty and stafffrom Fifth 
during the construction of the new College. Many of those who at-
Visual Arts building forwhich many tended recalled experiences of how 
students may remember her. Hell had positively influenced their 

Fifth College students had com- lives. 
plained that noi sy construction Hen came to Fifth College in 
workers were waking up students 1988 from her position as assistant 
before work was scheduled to be- resident dean of Revelle and, as the 
g in. As a result. Hell got up at 7:00 first Fifth resident dean, was a found-
a.m. and sat in front of the construc- ing member of the college. 
tion si te with a lawn chair and ther- Last year, after earning her Doc-
mosfullofcoffeeasanadvocatefor torate of Education at the Univer-
the students. s ity of San Diego. Hell was offered 

tilTh:> 
" 

"et _ ~ • .., a r-. 
~ ...... '-J ~ ..... ..."'t;;. A.J. 

,1It111 . fJ...n d 
-

--

the position of dean of students. Her 
work at Fifth was enhanced by her 
vast international ex perience, gained 
from a year at the University of 
Bordeaux in France and a great en-
thusiasm for travel. 

Slater, who wor((ed with Hett all 
five years that she was at Fifth, 
praised Helt's unstoppable energy. 
especially in regard to her work 
with students. 

"She excelled in her work, she 

v~r +-e ....... \00"'_ 

pt )'OUl.' pr 
, 

With Visa- you'll be accepted at more than 
10 million places, nearly three times more than American Express. 

And that's not a misprint. 

Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be. 

wouldn' t have been happy anyplace 
where she couldn't have been creat-
ing change. That 's why working 
with her was very exciting," Slater 
said. 

"She had a really strong vision 
forthe college, a strong alii tude that 
she and other people could make a 
difference," she added. 

Before her death. Hett began a 
fund to help students study abroad. 
Hett's family and many friends have 
continued her program by creating 
the E. Jane Hen Scholarship Fund. 
1be family would welcome any do-
nations to this permanent endow-
ment in Hett's memory. 

Donations should be payable to 
the UC San Diego Foundation and 
carry the notation, "Jane Hell Fund." 
They should be sent to the Fifth 
Coflege Provost's Office. 

Describing Hell's dedication to 
her students, Barrett said, ··She·d 
hug you one time, kick you in the 
butt the next. You 'd respect both." 

"Nobody loved kids as much as 
she did," he added. 

~~----------------------------_________________________________________ e~U"'~I~ 

Tuesday, September 2 L, 1993 

WARREN: 
Housing, restaurant 
added to campus 
ContInued from page 7 
ing, gas leaks and poor shower-
dminage. Her biggest complaint is 
having to live so close to freshmen. 

~hose resident halls are directly 
across from the gmd ap:1I1ments. 

·'We're studying for our Ph.Os. 
It's not going to be quiet enough," 
said Casanta. 

The changes at WalTen were 
made possible by funds saved from 
housing fees overthe years and have 
no effect on geneml tuition costs, 
Rollerson said. 

The addition of new housing 
brings an increase of 400 freshmen 
in the new dOllllS ancl about 200 
graduate students, according to 
Rollerson. To beller selve the in-
creased numbers, 10 new RAs h' lve 
been added to the staff. And with 
more residents. more RAs and more 
facilities. Rollel"Son promises resi-
dents more oPpol1unities for fun . 

Tacao agreed. ··1 think Warren·s 
going to berhe place to bethis year." 

• Writers 
• Photographers 
• Dlustrators 
• Copy Readers 
• Typists 
• Production Work-
ers 

• Opinion Cohml-
nists 
• Designers 
• And Much More 

Are you interested? 
Then give us a call 

at5~580. Or 
come on down to 
the Guardian 
Internship Meeting 
on Oct. 4 at 7 p.m. 

For the love of 
Pete, don't make 
us rtm rhp. monkey 
graphic anYlllore. 

Writ. lor 
ft. 
lnanHan. 

Tuesday, September 21, 19Q3 The UCSD Guardian 

Zebra Copy 
Welcome back to schooll 

This quarter, try Zebra Copy 

/' 

The Catholic Community 
at UCSD 

invites you to 

15 

• Fast, fMndly sarvlc. 
• Stot.-of-ttt.-ort co"." 

high spMd, document fHders Welcome Mass' 
• Spedolizing in disMrtotions & class not.s 
• Color l0S8r co~s 
• lindlngs - spiral, Rio & tope 
• Full s.rvice desktop publishing 
• S.lf sarvIS Mocs 

J 0% discount to all UCSD stud.nts, • .,.,., do,' 

UCSD St~dent Itllbra COt\IU UCSD St~dent 
Speclol I~ 'T' Speclol 

I I 
I I 

: Unlimited Copies : 
I I 

! 3.5~ ea. ! 
I 8.5 x 11 • 20# white • Qutofed or self serve I I I I with this coupon I 
\. expires 12/31/93 Must show student 10 ~ 

,-------------------------~ 

Sunday, 
September 26, 

5PM 
Revelle Sculpture Garden 

(Stonehenge West) 
Followed by Refreshments. 

Bring a Friend. 

Our Regular Mass Schedule begins Sunday, 
October 3: 8:15 AM; 5, 7, and 9 PM 
at the University Lutheran Church 

at the corner of La Jolla Shores Drive and 
North Torrey Pines Road 

TI calculators work harder. 
. To help you work smarter. 

TI·82 A powerful, yet easy-
to-use tool for drawing graphs, 
building tables, and performing 
data analysis. 

or the 
TI -85 Up to 99 graphIng 
functions defined, saved, and 
analyzed at one time. 

fiA "PLUS i .. , .. cJ.mark oIT", .. "utrumenu Incorpora,w. 
© 1993 T .... lnmum<nu Incorpono,<d ClIIOS 

TI·68 For engineering stu -
dents who require the most 
comprehensive and powerful 
technical functions. 

LJI S I J 

BA II PWSIM·Combines 
advanced financial and scien-
tific fun ctions in one easy-to-
use calculator. 

I'L>(.~K · , I (}.,(I 

~ UCSD Bookstore M-F 8-6; Sat 10-5 
Electronics Counter 534-4320 

TI·30X An easy-to-uSc 
ca lculator for general math, 
algebra, trigo no metry, 
and statistic. 

:II TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 



L6 CALENDAR 

CLUBS 
AND 

MEETINGS 
Saturday, September 25 

• 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM - Fall 
Training begins for General 
Health Student Health 
Advocates, selected last spring, 
in CSB 003. Pick-up your 
nformation packet from Laurie, 

Office #6, by Friday September 
24. 

• 9:30 AM - 12:00 PM -
Welcome back: Sexual Health 
Student Health Advocates to 
your WSH I Session Review and 
Practice. All active SHSHA are 
expected . See you in the lobby 
of SHS! 

EVENTS 
AND 

RECREATION 
Ongoing 

• Free tours of UCSD are 
offered every Sunday this fall 
and winter by the UCSD Visitors 
Program. Mini-Van tours are 
available the first and third 
Sundays of each month, 
starting at 3:00 PM from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion. 
Walking tours are offered on 
.,. ~Iternative Sundays, also 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEKLY 

starting at 3:00 PM from the 
Gilman Pavilion. A portion of 
the famed Stuart Collection of 
outdoor sculpture is included. 
Although the tour is free, there 
is a minimal UCSD parking fee. 
Reservations are necessary 
and may be made by calling 
534-4414. 

Monday-Saturday 

• Walking tours of the UCSD 

differences among UCSD's five 
colleges, while also covering 
admission requirements and 
support services for students. 
Reservations are encouraged 
by calling 534-1935. Visitors 
should meet outside the SOAR 
office, located on the upper level 
of the Student Center, Building 
"B." 

Tuesday, September 21 

campus condlJ,cted by the • 11 :00 AM - The Women's 
Student Outreach and Health Center recently 
Recruitment Office (SOAR) are established by UCSD Medical 
now available at 11 :00 AM Center will be the features topic 
Monday through Saturday. The at a Champagne Membership 
90-minute tour, conducted by a Brunch to be held by the UCSD 
student guide, is designed to Medical Center Auxiliary at the 
give visitors a taste of the University House. Guest 
academic and social flavor of speakers will be Dr. Elaine 
UCSD's undergraduate Hansen and Dr. Vivian Terkel. 
colleges. Immediately following Chancellor and Mrs. Richard 
the tour, at appx 12:30 PM, AtkinsonwilibejoiningAuxiliary 
prospective students are invited officers as hosts at the 11 :00 
to attend a general information AM event. Persons interested 
session conducted by a SOAR in becoming Auxiliary members 
outreach officer. The one-hour are welcome to attend. For 
presentation reviews the informationcaBVdoriaPCM'eII,~. 

Tuesday, S('pt(,llIhel' 21, 1993 

• 1 :00 PM - 5:00 PM - The · 
Student Center (across from the 
Main Gym) is hosting an Open 
House. Come by and try their 
free student center sampler 
card. 

Satu'rday, September 25 

• 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM -
International Club is sponsoring 
a bus tour of San Diego. We will 
visit Seaport village, Mt. 
Soledad, and more! Busses 
leave International Center at 
8:30 AM. Bring a lunch, or lunch 
money. ($7.00 Advanced 
payment required) 

OTHER 
• MENTOR - Graduating this 
quarter and job-seeking? We'll 
match you with a professional in 
your field who will get you started 
networking in the local job market. 
Sign up at Career Services 

• DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS 
AT THE CAREER CENTER- For 
help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring 
professional or graduate school 
opportunities . No appointment 
needed. Just walk in. 

• SIGI+ - Computer-based 
program of career information 
designed to help you clarify your 
skills, values, and interests. For 
more info, come to the Career 
Services Center. 

11 ........ 1Ion by DominiC LobblatGu.rdlarl 

TuesJay, SCIJtember 21. 1993 The VCSt) Guardian 

University Releases 1992 Crime Report 
SAFETY: UCSD police 
chief calls UC campuses Crime Rate 

In the past two years, the crime rate has dropped system-wide, 
safe environments yet It continues to grow at UCSD. 
By PIIIIIp Michaels 
News Editor 

• The University of California 
Police Department reported that the 
UCSDcrime rate rose in 1992, with 
the tOial number of violent crimes 
rising from five to nine. Addition-
ally, 1,044 incidents of property 
crime were reponed, an increase of 
30 percent from 1991. UCSD Po-
lice Chief John Anderson attributed 
the rise in property crime to an in-
crease in car and bike thefts. i 

• System-Wide Data 
:J UCSD Data 

Overall, UCSD' s total crime rate ~ 
rose by 30 percent, its highest total .. 
since 1989. ~ 

1ne totals were far more encour-
aging for the University of Califor- i 
nia as a whole. For the second con- ~ 
secutive year, the number of violent d 
crimes in the UC system decreased z 
in 1992. reaching its lowest total 
since 1988. Property crime also 
dropped for the nine campus UC 
system. 

1ne annual crime report released 
in June indicates that the total num-
berof violent crimes throughout the 
UC system decreased by nine per-
cent, while system-wide property 
crime dropped by one percent. In 
total, the university-wide crime rate 
fell by a percentage point. 

Anderson, who coordinated the 
annual report, called the drop in 
system-wide crime an encouraging 
signal which he credite<!.to federal 
legislation on crime awareness. 

"[The decrease] is not solely be-

. ' I _ ~.~ - • • '" • .. • • \. 

cause of any increased level of p0-
lice work, but heightened visibility 
on the part of students," he said. 

AtUCSD,theincreac;eofcarand 
bike theft can be panly attributed to 
the eliminalion of daylime patrols 
of campus parking lots by Commu-
nity Service Officers (CSOS), ac-
cording 10 Anderson. The prognull, 
which was cut back last year be-
cause of budget problems, has been 
reinstated this year, he said. 

In spileoflhe increase in UCS D' s 
crime rate, Anderson said thar the 
campus is still a safe environment. 
"What you have to do is compare il 
tothesurroundingcommunity. From 
a statislical standpoint, all UC cam-
puses are safer than their correspond-
ing communilies," Anderson said. 

Anderson added lhatcarand bike 
theft increased throughout San Di-
ego County in 1992. 

In a prepared statement issued 
with the report, Anderson said. 
"There's a national perception, fu-
eled in part by repons in the mass 
media, that campuses are violent. 
dangerous places. lllat's certainly 
not the case on UC campuses." 

The Staedtler Mars 
representative will he 
available to assist you 

with your drafting, 
engineering and art 
supply needs in the 
UCSD Bookstore's 

Supplies Department 
on Fri, Sept 24th 

lOam -2pm. 

UCSD Bookstore 
M-F 8am-6pm; 
Sat. lOam-5pm 

Supplies Department 
534-3786 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tkkets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
aDd morela 

'I1Ie ........ 
upstairs in the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

planes, 
trains, 

automo-
biles 

and many 
other ways of 

getting 
around and 

getting away 

can be found 
in the 

.• Guardian 
claasi/iede. 

Come_us, 
upstairs in 

the Student 
Center, above 
the General 

Store. 

E'\tS 17 

PONSIDER . STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN ... 

Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica, 
Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, France, Germany, Ghana, 

Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel , 
Italy, Japan, Kenya, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, 
Norway, Portugal . Spain. Sweden, Thailand, Togo, 

the United Kingdom, or the USSR. L-______________________________ ___ 
TIu! UC EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM rEAP) and llu! UCSD 
OPPORTUNl'IES ABROAD PROGRAM (OAP) offer ,(uely. wod!. 
lcJn!fL and jnfrrn,hjp opporlunitie, in these and many olher 

countrie •. Application Deadliu • • oon. 

Important Information 
Session on EAP and OAP 

with lUdell, and returnees to answer questiona 
• Earn Academic Credit • Financial Aid Avai'able • EAP Scholarships 

Wednesday, Sept. 22, 7 pm, 
InternationalCenter Lounge 

For more information call 53 .... 1123 
UCSD Programs Abroad Office 

.----G RAN 0 0 PEN I N G 1-
Costa o/erde 'Dentistry 
~ :$3900 ~ EXAM, 

~;...-~ "" CLEANING & 
/ X -RAYS (blewlng) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 
Brtng this ad with you to your appointment 

• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful privale office! 
• Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

• Plenty of free parking! 
Lo Jolla 1110 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_0.. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance plans and major credit cords 

in the heart of the 
A Private Setting Open to the Public to 
Celebrate the Important Events of Life 

• Weekend Brunches 
• Greek Formals 
• Weddings 
• Bar and Bat Mitzyahs 
• Graduations 
• Anniversaries 
• Retirement Parties 
• Alumni Reunions 
• Christmas Parties 

Complete Gourmet Catering • Banquet and Meeting Facilities 

, 

....-___ Call (619)534-0876 ___ -!!! 



18 OPINION 

South 
and 
East 
Asian 
Rel ig ious 
Traditions 

*Spcedo Ultra visi,{n Anti 
Offer good whil¢ suppJjes 

Religious Traditions: 

Religious 
Studiet;; 

102 
& 

History 
Topics 102 

A comprehensive study of ~he Asian 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, September 21,1993 

COI'tMNDUIY: Wads to the wise, fum a student who ought to know better 

IGNORANCE ISN'T Buss 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

There can be no better life than 
that of a flfSt-year student in the uni-
versity. At San Diego, the new stu-
dent is offered what might be consid-
ered the best of all possible worlds, 
under the circumstances, The sur-
roundings-campus architecture and 
"art" notwithstanding - are a gor-
geous sight to behold, And as far as 
academics are concerned, one could 
do much worse, as our neighbors in 
Riverside and Santa Cruz demonstrate 
year after year, 

What makes the life of a college 
freshman sodesireable? So enviable? 
Not cafeteria food, I can assure you, 
The wiser prisoners of Dining Ser-
vices soon learn to avoid the entrees 
and head straight for the burger line, 
The accomodations? Hardly, They 
don't call Warren College "Little 
Lebanon" for nothing, 

The glorious life of the college 
freshman has little to do with inedible 
food, or cockroaches in the suite bath-
room, or dull lectures. Those things 
are important, in their own little way, 
but they do not truly capture the es-
sence of the college e)(perience. This 
can be summed up with two words: 
freedom and ignorance. The fresh-
man is the embodiment of both, 

New students are given all sorts of 
new freedoms but are too ignorant to 
make good choices, Campus admin-
istrators understand this and try to 
make the choices easier, Hence orien-
tation. But the only thing worthwhile 
about orientation is the campus tour, 
and even that is marred by the sense-
less prattle of tour guides, With all 
this orientation, it's no wonder why 
so many students lose their bearings, 

inconvenience worthwhile, is the 
promise of liberation from the op-
pression of home, No more curfews, 
no more admonishments against the 
evils of booze, tobacco and, dare I 
say, drugs, and no more hassles about 
your messy room or your devil's 
music. The first-year student is as free 
as the proverbial bird, College life is. 
in many respects, an endless baccha-
nal interrupted by an occasional mid-
term or inevitable bout of sleep. Sort 
of like summer camp with drugs. 

I exaggerate, but only a little, Free-
dom is often a greater intoxicant than 
aicohol and far more addicting than 
the most powerful narcotic. The cam-
pus resident will learn soon enough 
that the rules are easily broken, The 
stories of students flagrantly flaunt-
ing the locally cherished prohibitions 
have passed from legend into the 
mundane, 

Given enough audacity, anyone 
can smuggle a keg of beer into his 
suite, cultivate a five-fOOl marijuana 
plant hi~ closet or prance nude thrC'ugh 
the eucalypti, Those of a more elaring 
stripe have made their way into the 
subterranean tunnels running beneath 
the campus, The pursuit of adventure 
for those stalwart few outweighs any 
fear of sanction, 

J remain ambivalent about my own 
experiences roaming the residence 
halls four years ago, though I tend to 
lean toward the negative, Living there 
was a fairly miserable experience 
made barely tolerable by the fleeting 
satisfaction that comes with pu IIing 
cruel practical jokes on one 's co-ha-
bitants, OthelWise, the accomodations 
were crude, the neighbors oafish and 
the activities asinine, I found the idea 
of sharing a room with another per-
son, however nice, rather distasteful. 
And it didn 't help that we were all 
swine, 

- bed, nightstand, lamp, clock, etc , 
- out to the suite balcony. Rather 
than moving his posess ions back in, 
he slept outside for the night. On 
another occasion, a three-man team 
from our suite stole the pot pipe from 
the suite below, then hung the booty 
out the window for the red-faced and 
red-eyed owners to see. 

Yes, indeed, those were free-
wheeling, carefree. hea lhen days. 
Even now, older and wiser. I recall 
with some fondness lhe madness 
within the misery, As with all experi-
ences, however, there i~ a lesson to be 
learned, 

Every college freshman, no mat-
ter what race, religion or political 
bent, is an unprincipled libertarian, 
They all believe, whether conscious ly 
or unconsciously, in freedom without 
responsibility-a metaphorical nose-
thumbing at their father' ever-reso-
nating admonishment to not do "any-
thing stupid." If one isn't supposed to 
do anything tupid, what is the point? 
And if anyone really heeded Ihat ad-
vice, how does one explain the United 
Stales Congress? Or Cop Rock? Or 
Beavis and BUllhead? 

As first-ye<lr sludents. we were 
ignoranl and we were free . Mostly we 
were free to be ignorant. Bul that 
ignorance has since passed, and 
though I ometimes miss it, that feel-
ing passes as well, For some, perhaps 
most, the ignorance never passes. 

There is a strong temptation in the 
universi ty to ~eep an "open mind," 
The concept is bored into the bminsof 
every wide-eyed freshman from :11-
most the moment he or she sets foot 
on campus, There is no surer way to 
remain ignorant than that. The idea 
that everyconcep!, however contrived, 
contains some kernel of truth is ab-
surd. To paraphrase William Bennett, 
don 't allow your mind to be so open 
that your brain falls out. 

rell(jlous t raditions. The course wil l cover 
Hlndule;m, Buddhism, T soiem, Shinto, 
and Confucian thou~ht. This course ie 

required for all Rell(j iou5 Stu<lies maJore 

Religiou5 Studie5 5tudent5: 
RELI 102 Section ID 181828 

Hi5tory 5tudent5: 
HITO 102 Section ID 181829 

The wise student will do well to 
forget everything he or she has heard 
about the hallowed halls of academia 
and pursuing the life of the mind. 
Those things do not exist. outside of 
popular myth and glossy pUblicity 
brochures, Instead, one finds long 
lines, dull lectures (a recurring theme, 
I assure you), silly regulations, high 
prices and no parking, 

My unfamiliarity with the current 
statutes of limitations coupled with a 
professed aversion to defamation suits 
necessarily prevents my recounting 
some of the better stories from those 
wild and wacky days of yore, But we 
did manage some clever stunts, like 
that time we moved one suitemate's 
bed into a bathroom stall, complete 
with sheets, blanket and teddy bear, 
Or that other time when we moved 
that same suitemate 's side of hi s room 

The tirst year of college is an un-
forgettable time - perhaps the one 
and only time an individual can feel 
free to be stupid with little or no 
consequence, But it doesn't las\. No-
body can be a freshman forever. Free-
dom without responsibility is not free-
dom at all. And ignorance isn't bliss, 
That kept mind, the wise first-year 
student will become an even wiser 
sophomore. The rest just prattle on, 

'--

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
o~ ... 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

and minora, Upper-division .tandlng. 

SUZANNE CAHILL 
rTh 1-2:20 • H&SS 1330 

There are ru les, of course, but even 
a child could skirt them, Indeed, the 
only real merit of campus life - and 
dorm life in particular - the one 
thing that makes every indignity and 

WELCOME TO 
CS ! 

Finand;ll aid redpienls who haw accepled lhcir :Iw:lrds :lIld enrolled for rail qU;lner daS.'ies will 
haw Iht:!ir UCSD-admini,lered ;lid cn..otfiled 10 their a(TOUI1lS, 
If Ihe uc. D-adminbtered aid inciudes UC loans, lhen Ihe appropriale 10:111 reqUirements mUSl also 
be !kItisf1ed before UC Imns can he rredited to sllId('nts' :I('(()unts, These loan requircmenls 
inciud(' an enrr:rnce il1l('rview and ,igning Ihe prombsolY nOll' at lhe Burs:lr's Office. 
SlUden" with :1 credit IXllance on lheir Bur:.ar's Slalemt'nt willllt: ["ued "rem:linder checks" by lhe 
Ilur..ar', Office (Building 11 I, Univcr:. ily Clr.l. f)L~rrihu l i()n I~gin~ on Tue,day, Scplcmllt:r 14. The 
dale, for fUlure disllul1iCmenrs will llt: publbht!d in Ihe scht'tiule of c1:rs.,es. 

To cI:lirn "rcm:rinder ('h('(.'I\:) : :.tudents mUM presenllheir UCSf) pholo ID Girds and have p:rid f:rll 
quarter regbrration fees. Valiti:tti(m ~I ic kers rn:ly be obl:rincd frnll1lhe BurS:II's OITice allhe lime of 
dlcck dbbursl'lllenl. 

Each morning al 7:30 ,rutlelliS may come 10 Ihe soulh side of Ihe l3uf:.ar's Onice 10 pick up Ihdr 
lime (;Ir(b for a d[,hurscment :Ippoinlmcnl laler Ihal d:ly. The cml, :Irl' only being dislrihured Oil 
Ihe d:ly Ihey arc ro Ix: u:.I."(1 and Olu:.r Ilt: pre,enll'(1 when rhe Mudenr return, 10 daim her/hL-
check. 

llJO!>(! who arc receiving hank 1(),Jn ('heck., or olher outside aid will be nOIi11cd of iL' :I\'ail:ibilil\" 
I'lea~ don'l c(mx: 10 pkk il up until rou recei\'e nOlillcmion from Student Fin:rnd:rl St:rviccs th:11 
lhe chl"('k ha~ :rrriv\.'(], 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Iflhere ;Ire :lIly que,rion, concerning financial aid. please conJ:lllrhe 
:Ippropri:ut' college ullin' ni'SlUdenr Finand:1i SerYic(..,. Ortke lisled 
belo\\': 

FIFTH nivcr.;ity Center 204, 534-2550 
GUDUAft niversity Center 204, 534-3807 
IHUIGOOD MAISIIALL University Center 213, - 3~-,,805 
MUll niversiry Center 210, 534-3808 
IIYIW niversiry Center 213,534-3806 
SCIlOLAUllIPS Universiry Center 214, 534-3263 
WARUN nivwiry Center 214, 534--,686 

Our office hours :Ire ~ I On(l:1y·Frid:I)' , 9:00-t2:00 :Ind 1:00-
4:00 p,m. In :Iddition. lhe re('cption art':r of University 
Center 210, is ollt:n from 12:00-1:00 p.m, 

SIUDINT .INANCIAL SlIVICIS 
WISHU YOU A VlIY 
SUCas .... L 1993/94 
ACADIMIC JUl. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

. .............................................. ~ .......................... . 
• 
• 
• 

• •••••••••••• 

Tueaday, September 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

e 

NEW FALL '93 COURSES 
ES 152 LAW AND CIvIL RIGHTS 
Prof. Roy Brooks 
W 3:00·5:50 p.m., PH 103, Sec. ID 181971 

Students will explore the relationship 

between race, class, and law as it applies 

to civil right,S both in an historical and 

contemporary context. 

ES 189 U.S. AND MEXICAN BORDER IDENTITIES 
Prof. Olivia Ruiz 
Th 1:00-3:50 p.m., McGil 2322, Sec, ID 181970 

Class will examine the U,S.-Mexico border 

as a scenario for the construction of 

multiple ethnicities. 

For all UCSD Students 
We offer a variety of services and programs designed to 
enhance your college experience and help you cope most 
effectively with University Life. 

Through individual or group counseling, psychotherapy, 
or support groups, you can learn to ... 

, .. Rreduce test anxiety 

... Study more efficiently and effectively 

, .. Enhance your creativity 

. " Manage your weight 

., .Make more effective personal and career decisions 

. , .Improve your interpersonal relationships 

".Cope more effectively. with loneliness, sexual diffi~ulties, 
alcohol and drug abuse, anxiety, stress, and depression 

The counsel ins relarionship ii private III1d confidential. 

G u L A T I o N s 
600,01 Rollerskates, rollerblades, 
scooters , etc" are included wherever bikes and 
skateboards are restricted, 

600.02(A) Bikes and skateboards are 
prohibited nn main walkway between 
Galbraith Hall and Peterson Hall ; Monday-
Friday, 0830-1700, except weekends and ~> \ holidays, ~ ." -~ ' 600.02(B) Riding bikes or skateboards is . ' A_'b'J prohibited on UCSD Extension walkways. 
6OO,02(C) Riding bikes or skateboards is 

prohibited in all campus buildings and on the decks of Mandeville Center, 

6OO.02(D) Riding skateboards is prohibited on all campus roads and parking 
lots, 

600,03 Operating a bike or skateboard in a reckless or unsafe manner is 
prohibited, 

600.05 Parking a bicycle in a manner that blocks or otherwise impedes either 
vehicular or pedestrian traffic on any street , highway, parking lot. parking space, 
parking 101 access, walkway, footpath , building e)(ih stairwell, sidewalk, or wheel-
chair access ramp is prohibited, Parking a bicycle to interfere with the maintenance 
of landscaped or lawn areas as well as any handrail , tree shrubbery, door, sign post, 
telephone pole, lamp post , or other object not mainlai ned or designated for the 
securing of bicycles is prohibited, 

600.06(A) All bikes used, stored, or parked on campus shall be registered with a 
valid California Bicycle License available ot the UCSD Police Station, 

600.0a(e) Registration tags shall be properly displayed on the bicycle. 
600,08(0) Remova l, defacement, or alteration of the tag is prohibited . Upon 
change of ownership or destruction of bike, noti fy UCSD Police Department in 
writing within ten working days. 

PLUS ALL California Vehicle Code Seclions, which include: 
• STOP SIGNS • RIDING AGAINST TRAFFIC • WEARING HEADSIITS WHILE RIDING 

Pick up your &lie copy at the UCSD Police Department or 
Alternative Transportalion Office, 

!fyou need additional infonnation, please contact the Police Department aI534·?335, 

STUDENT CENTER 
OPEN HOUSE 

Readings indicate signs of mtelligent life and a cool 
atmosphere 

~ 
'~ 

, 
~ 

~ 

... :'" .. ,.' . ... .. , .. ",'."~,,.u. '.","""".""",,,,,,.'.' '.' '.' . "", . ",,:': ". ':':' .,/. .,.,..,. '"""" ~, ·"S··· .' t" ,-,.",."", "'b "">"" . '2' '1 "'t 1'993"""':':1' '::' 5 " ":: :,' ' •. ·.~"p .,.~m .er"" s~., .' ¥, ',,,, '8 . pm 
,,~tJh~ ,'~titdent ~enter:~ 'fluttlP 

. ~~";': , . 
J/ C ~ t ..... .(' 

"'-%:3:: • .' 

x, .. 
J: r.-.. 
.~/:':' ., 

19 

. ) 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \ ~ II \ I I· \" \ I ...... 
DISCOVER SAN DIEGO'S 
FINEST!! International Club Is 
sponsoring a Bus Tour of San 
Diego, Saturday, September 25, 
from 8:30-4pm. Cost is $7.00 in 
advance. Meet atthe International 
Center Patio. (9/21) 

UCSD Department of Radiology is 
conducting a research study using a 
unique contrast agent to aid in the 
detection of liver tumors including 
~ metastases. If you are 18-75 years 

old and have cancer with liver 
involvementandareinterestedplease 
caJl543-2061 . (9121-9130) 

FREE EDUCATIONAL MONEY! 
REQUEST IT NOW!! Robert B. 
Atkinson , J .D . Atkinson & 
ASSOCiates, La Jolla 454-0930. (91 
21 -9/27,10/4) 

RALPH NADER SPEAKS ON 
MAKING DEMOCRACY WORK 
(5-6PM on Thur 9/23) at Univ. of 
San Diego (USD) University 
Center forum A-B. Seating is 
limited. For Info call Catherine 
Trzos (260-4600 x6737) (9/21) 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE will 
be opening 10/5. Drop by' ~ -Iy 
lor Winter Quarter Internslll fJ" In 
San Diego. For more info, come 
by our office Price Center 2306 or 
534-4689. (9/21 -9/27) 

STUDE NT CENTER OPEN 
HOUSE, TUES, 9/21 (1-5PM) at 
the student center + Hump. Try 
our free sampler card . (9/21) 

CLASS BY NOON!!! And still earn 
$200-$300 week. No selling involved, 
but must possess a dynamic phone 
personality and voice. Will train 
anyone eager to learn! 2794354 
before noon. (9121 -9127) 
PAID VOLUNTEERS NEEDED 
by company developing 
cosmetics for sensitive skin. 
MEN & WOMEN with history of 
i rritation from cosmetics, 
deodo ran ts/a ntipe rspi ra nts, 
sunscreen preferred , but not 
required . Earn $$ and receive 
a FREE Skin Sensitivity 
Analysis . Five minute walk 
from UCSD. Flexible hours & 

l. ~ days. From 2-1 0 hours a week, 
for 2-16+ weeks. Call Jennifer 
@ 550-7070 to schedule initial 
screening. (9 /21-9/27) 

The UCSD Cuardian 

CLASSIFIEDS · 
Classified advel1isi1lg is sold in J 5-word incremellls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jar personal lise only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advel1ising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-54 16. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500Gilman Drive, 
03 J 6, La lolla, CA 92093-03 J 6. Actual address: Student Center A, top floOl: 

Driver needed weekdays at 2:00 
PM from Del Mar area to downtown 
San Diego $10/hr. 755-1923 (9/ 
21-10/4) 

Earn cash stuffing envelopes 
at home. Send SASE to P.O. 
Box 395 , Olathe , KS 66051 . 
(9/21-10/7) 

Part-time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, salary. Light 
housekeeping for2 seniors in LaJoila 
home; furnished, pool. Must be 
reliable, trustworthy, genial, careful. 
References. 273-5458. (9/21 -9127) 
UCSDPD CAMPUS PROTECTION 
ASSISTANT PROGRAM is hiring. 
CPAsperformsuchdutiesasbuilding 
and special event security, crowd 
control, and assist the campus police 
as necessary. May require 
unpredictable hours and graveyard 
shifts. $7 Alr., call Greg Koran for more 
info, 534-9255. (9121-9127) 
Babysitter - $5/hr. or monthly 
guarantee. Driving necessary for 
8 yr & 10yr. olds 7:00am-9:00am 
and 4:00pm-9:00pm 2 to 3 days! 
week some overnights & some 
weekends . La Jolla Village 
Southpointe area. Call Sandy 587-
1632. (9/21 -9/27) 

8rn$1 MY. 5-1 Ohoursaweekassisting 
ayout'YJ<:isc:dedperson. Plea;eindude 
phone number and best time rea:hed 
by phone. For identification purposes ~ 
is a rTl.JSI that you include a photo. J.J., 
P.O. Box 19984 San DiegoCA92159-
0984. (9121-9t.lO) 

JOBS FOR THE ENVIRONMENT. 
Campaign for Clean Water, Ancient 
Forests and Endangered Species. 
Great political experience, eam $36-
$5OIday. PT/FT available. Call Kelly 
at 297-5512. (9121-9127) 

1~)/i""'\IJ 
Clarinet -excellent condition, new 
mouthpiece, nice case. Asking 
$150. Call Suzanne 689-9477. (9/ 
21 ) 

Typewriter Canon AP 200 
electronic correcting beautiful 
office machine. Great for student 
or office. $1 00. 275-7375. (9/21-9/ 
30) 

Shoeshine Stand - includes chair, 
drawers + foot pedestals. Be your 
own boss! I'll teach . Asking $200. 
Suzanne 689-9477. (9/21) 

Centurion Lemans - 21", 
Shimano 600 components, 12-
speed , computer, jade, $200. 
438-8523 days , 658-0075 
eves. (9/21) 

Cannondale- 23" touring , 12-
speed, Shimano 600 components, 
Mavic rims, computer, white , $250. 
438-8523, 658-0075 (9/21) 

Sofa Sleeper . Queen size 
innerspring mattrl3ss. Excellent 
condition. Neutral color. Very 
comfortable. Sacrifice: make an 
offer. 469-5183. (9/21) 

2 speakers for OJ or shows. Audio 
centron. Each has 2 15" woofers, 
2 10· mids, horn, tweeter. 700 
watts. First Class. 675-0635. (9/ 
21-9/27) 

Moving sale. Futon, Furniture, HP 
laser printer, TV, VCR, Stereo, 
speakers, etc. Vince 558-1658 
10am-l1pm. (9/21-10/4) 

1984 Toyota Tercel, 2drhb, AC, 
cassette, $12500bo. Vince 558-
1658 10am-llpm. (9/21-10/4) 

LARGE DESK w/ matching hutch. 
Good condition. Dark wood finish . 
$100/best offer. 550-0190. (9/21-
10/4) 

Futon for sale. Queen, oak frame, 
$150. Call 566-6718. (9/21) 

Smith Corona Personal Word 
Processor like new $200 obo Call 
Kathy/Michele 281-3306. (9/21) 

1 H II -";1 \L 
Part-time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, salary. Light 
housekeeping for 2 seniors in La 
Jolla home; furnished, pool. Must 
be reliable, trustworthy , genial , 
careful. References. 273-5458. (91 
21 -9/27) 

$550 1 Bedroom duplex 1.5 block 
to bay, quiet, yard. PacifiC Beach. 
270-0603 . (9/21) 

CONDO FOR RENT, UCSC/ La 
Jolla. 2bdrm, 2.5bath,large patio, 
2cargarage, tri-Ievel. Pool ,jacuzzi , 
tennis, close to all. Complex under 
remodeling , take $400 off 
rent=$650 w/lease. Awesome 
barginI415-453-2168. (9/21-9/27) 

MISSION BEACH , 2BD.-2BTH, 
Furnished, 3443 Ocean Front 
Walk, Ocean Views, $950-$1200, 
488-1395/259-1457. (9/21-10/11) 

South Mission Beach. 3-Bedroom-
2bath . $1600/mo. Gorgeous Bay 
View. 488-8739 or 231-1501 or 
280-2251 . (9/21) 

Seeki ng Graduate student to share 
3-3 La Jolla Townhouse. 
Oceanview, private bath, 4 blocks 
to beach. $500 + 1/3 utilities. Call 
Suzanne 459-5321 . (9/21-9/27) 

rR~l ~~ ~: 
I DESIGN I 

GETONOOWN 
to I 

AWESOME ROOM AVAILABLE in 
1700 sq. ft. condo, don't drive to 
school when you can cross the street 
and take the East parking shuttle, 
upstairsldownstairscondo offers nice 
living room area and kitchen, plus 
privacy of clean upstairs room, pool, 
fireplace, washer/dryer, private 
parking, non-smokers please, $420/ 
month + 1/4 utilities. Please call John 
at 457-9821. (9121 -1 0/4) 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

$aint 
fo~ a great 
pnceOD 
KEYSfONE 
12-pak cans 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME -UCSD 
Staff and student discounts. Great 
easy financing . Near UCSD 
1 BR$90,OOO's. 2BR's $120,000'5 
+3BR$150,QOO's.Free Info,anytime. 
ReMaxAssoc. Judith Haddox, Realtor 
275-2618. (9121-10/11) 

I UNIVERSITY I PLUS! 499 CONDO (La Jolla Colony) $895/ mo. 2bdrm / 2bath, washer/ dryerl refrig/ mcrm . 2 covered carports, 
close to UCSD and Vons shopping 
center. Nasrin at 450-3690 x334. 
(9/21 -9/27) 

I TOWNE I 
I CENTER I 

.I. Across from Mann Thealer 415-0420 I 
'" DEL MAR HIGHlANDS I Next to Wherehouse 792-8131 I 
I CLAIREMONT SQUARE I I Next to Vans 274-2600 I 
I OPEN 7 DAYS I I NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY I 
J. MANICURIST AVAILAIILE .J 
--------

• • • • • • • • • • • • • •• 110 

• Imported/domestic wines & beer 
• Cheese, chocolates, pastries, salads 
• Unique cards & gifts • Gourmet coffee/Espl , ~so/Cappuccino 
• Custom gift baskets • Haagen·Dazs & Bud's Ice Cream Parlor 

Spirits of Saint Germain 
3251 Holiday Court (across from El Torito) 

455-1414 
open: sunday· thursday Sam to midnight ; friday & saturday Sam to 2am 

Roommate(s} wanted for huge 
master Bedroom in Mt Soledad 
house. Own bath , private balcony, 
Garage, washer/dryer, Basketball 
Court. Ten minutes from campus. 
$475/month. Call 270-5427 or 274-
9662. (9/21 -9/27) 

Tuesda y. ScptcmbH 21. 1993 

Room for Rent. $275/month util. incl. 
Private telephone. Responsible 
Femalestudentl0min-campus.271-
4452. (9121) 

La Jolla - Windansea Beach -
Room-in-house, Must love Dogsl 
$350 - smoking OK. 459-3298. (9/ 
21 -9/27) 

-";I./:\ I<:I-:~ 
Need help with writing skills? 
MCAT? Are you a foreign student 
having problems with your English 
requirements? Have taught these 
classes at University of California 
and have advanced degrees in 
English and Foreign languages. 
My tutorial fee is half the going 
rate. Interested 536-9393 Anne. 
(9/21-10/4) 

DISSERTATIONITHESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization, proofreading, 
statistics. 20yrs. experience. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9/21-1/13) 
La Jolla Barbershop . Qual ity 
Barbering . Haircuts $8.00. 459-
5792 . (9/21-1212) 
Body Image , Bu lem ia, 
Compulsive Eating , or we ight 
concerns? Support Group for 
Women offering practical , Gentle 
Help. $25 per session . Diana K. 
Weiss Ph .D. Licensed 
Psycholog ist. Psy#12476. Del 
Mar 431 -6373 , (9/21-10/4) 

"WE SHOOT PEOPLE !"' 
Specializing in Wedd ings. We 
also handle wedding invitations. 
Lopez Photography 282-4443. (9/ 
21·9/27) 

ViolinlViola Lessons. You or your 
child(ren} can learn from an 
experienced , profess ional 
teacher. Now accepting 
students- all ages and levels 
welcome ! Call Conrad 466-0525 
(9/21-12/2) 

\\ \ \ TI-:l ) 
Healthy men ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to 
partiCipate in a UCSD Medical 
Center study examining the 
effect of sound on the eyeblink 
reflex and on brain waves. 
Compensation will be 
provided; Call 543-2494 for 
information. (9/21-'0/21) 

NEED CASH? Be a subject in 
Psychology Experiments . If you 
are between 18 and 30 years old, 
call Daphne at 453-4100 ext 563 
(pay around $7-10/hour) . (9/21-
9127) 

BABYSITTER NEEDED'. 
Occasional M-F dayt ime and 
weekend evenings. 2 year Qld girl. 
Del Mar area. Previous experience 
and references necessary. Call 
792-8452. (9/21-9/27) 

IMMEDIATE PAY - FLEXIBLE 
HOURS. SIDERS UNLIMITED 
needs qualified sitters for children. 
Days/Evenings/overn ights. 452-
7652. (9/21-9/27) 

Competitive Women 's Soccer 
team seeks players . Goal ie, 
defense, midfield positions. Call 
Sabrina. 270-4968. (9/21 -9/30) 

pl·: I: ...... ()\ \I ,~ 
Small Furry monkeys seekwarm lOving 
home for small furry monkey children. 

I'm one of the 46.1% 

KAY, you are beautiful, artistic, 
genuine, fashionable , and artiCUlate. 
You take my breath away. I hopewe 
happen. NYC. -MB 

Tuesday, September 21,1993 

lIIotaD_II~IIatIdIJO ... tIuIdo!o"'''_''''lIrllllfortho 
_alUCSD.~allIIiI_ft",""_In_ .. In __ 
,......1I ... ~Ol981 .... _1IIt_ ...... Io .......... 
..... _I11...,.... ... ......-__ ....... alllletaD_tho 

lIMtIiII'aI~ .... __ lIIotaD_il_~IIr ........ 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

SHANNON BUDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 

MIGUEL IUCKENMEYER, Design Ei1itor 
ElAINE CAMUSO, Associate News Editor 

DA VI~ _C1!9." Photo Editor 
BRIAN ttUTTV, Sports Editor 

BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 
PHIUP MICHAnS, News Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 
JaNNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 
JEfF PRAUGHT, AsSOCiate Sports Editor 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS: Ben SOVChuk. Gregg Wrenn 
ILWSTRATORS: ROier Kuo. Dominic lobbla , AI Spong 

DUlGNERI: Wilson CheUng. Marcus LOIltlla 
ADYlllTlSlN8 ASSISTANT: Tara Eotf 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEl FOULKS, AcJllertlslng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

BEN BOYCHUK, Classified Representative 

Ed,torial : 534-6580. BYsiness Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GUltnllan, 9500 GIIm., Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actu,," location: Second Aoor. UCSO Student Center Building 'A' 

The UCSD Cuardian 

La.,. to wrtte new .... 

with the 
GUARDIAN 
INTERNSHIP 
PRCXJRAM 
An introduction/review to basic 
journalism, including how to write in 
the news style, how to interview 
and how to avoid legal problems. 
For students interested in writing for 
the Guardian. 

Monday, Oct. 4 at 7 p.m, in the 
Guardian office, Old Student Cen-
ter above the General Store. For 
info., call 534-6580 and ask for Eric. 

UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY AND STAFF 
ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO 

-t-- UN1VE~~ ify LUTI-lEkAN tHu~tH ~ ANb EGUMENltAl tENTEP-
......,_=:r--. 

Across the street from Revelle-College 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North Torrey Pines Road 

A free welcoming brunch will be served after church, October 3 
Sunday Worship at 10:15 a.m .... Student Suppers on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. 

Bible Study at 7 p.m .... Our Lounge, Chapel, and Library 
are open daily, except Monday. 

For further Infonnatlon or pastoral care, contact 
campus pastor John G. Huber, D. Min., 453-0561 or 459-8855 

NEWS 21 

NEVER TOO LATE. 
Think you missed the Graduate Recore.! Exam deadline? TIlInk again. With 
(he new on·demand GRE, you cou ld be taking the te t tomorrow. And see 
your score the instant you fin .. h . ore reports are ma iled 10 to J 5 days 
bter, on plenty o( time (or most ;choots' deadlines. Call now (or instant 
regl nation. * Educa tlonat Testing ervlce 

• Sylvan TechnolOQY Centers~ 
Pari 0/111. :,/".UQ",.,-CnI'tr &,_ 

1-SOO-GRE-A.5.A.P 

Do lay a 1vind or 
m=-iip~eriiicuiiilssii1ton i nstru ment? 

Do YOU WANT TO PLAY GREAT MUSIC? COME JOIN THE 
UCSD WIND ENSEMBLE (MUSIC 95LJ 

IT MEETS THURSDAYS , 7-10 PM IN 
ROOM 8 -202 MANDEVILLE 

FOR MORE INFO CALL 534-7921 

ROBERT~S 

AUTO 
~MlSESERVlOE 
.,CHEROKEE 
Netor,.Tralned Specialists 

4630 Mis ion Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27.)-1132 
Mon,-Fri. 7 am-S:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm 

W. use and recommend Keoo.ll 
lubfiCants to our cuslomers. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs* with this coupon 

• Except motor and transmission overhaul. 
Not valid with any other coupon. 

ta~ C[]py+~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domilfo's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M r 8 3(}'6 P m f' 1 .) 1 'I ~ 
SAT 101 ""th UCSD 10 

STOP THE PAIN NOW! 
... without drugs or surgery! 

• Headaches • Sports injuries 
• Arthritis • Auto accidents 
• Neck and back pain • Work injuries 

4275 Executive Square, Suite 220 

Initial Exam 
& Treatment ' 

willi tills ad 

452·2882 



22 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Behavior 

.,,;. m Comp"""" COGNITIVE SCIENCE 
No Prerequisites - Fulfill GE requirements 

Cognitive Science lOA Minds , Brains, and Computers TulTh 2:30-3:50 HSS 2250 
General Introduction to 'ognitive science with spec ial attention to two questions: an computers think? In what ways do language and cul-

ture affect perception and thought? The course is pan of the Cognit ive Science IOA-8 -C sequence. Fulfills GE requirements In Muir, Warren , 
and Revelle Colleges. . 

Cognitive Science 14 Logic and Statistics TulTh 11 :30-12:40 CSB 005 
Lnlroduction to basic aspec ts of logic (truth conditions, predicat e calculus, ctc.) and also the usc of statistics to design and evaluate experi-

ments. Fulfills GE requirements in Thurgood Marshall, Warren, and Fifth Colleges. 

Cognitive Science 17 Inlm . to tJze organization andfunclions of the nervous i»stem. MWF 1 :00-1 :50 HSS 2321 
Molecular, ce llular, devclopmental, systems, and behavioral neurobiology. Structure and function of neurons, peripheral and central nervous 

systems, sensory, motor, and control systems , learning and memory mechanisms. Fulfills GE requirements In Thurgood Marshall and Fifth 
Colleges and Warren by petition . 

Cognitive Science 18 Lisp and Symbolic Programming MWF 9-9:50 APM 2113 
Introduction to the Lisp programming langua ge and its use in symbol ic programming and art ificial intelligence. Fulfills GE requirements 

in Thurgood Marshall, Warren. and Fifth Collegfs . 

Cogniti ve Science 91 SCANS Presents W 5-5:50 CSB 001 
This informal ~cminar givc~ ~t udenls a mor.: personal perspective on the work and ca reers or scien ti lS from the many disciplines which 

make up cognit ive sClcnce. To thi~ end, the faculty and business 'peakcrs 'oncentrate on the larger, driving issues behind their own research, why 
they have chosen these i~sucs to work on, and how inlc:rcstcd st uden ts can get involved III research. The seminar is appropriatc for rreshman and 
~eniors alike. 

, ... ar 

:: .. ~; 
/"/ 

"~~!;e. ........ . 

".' 

wv •• ·~. 

.. :.//" 

"'~ .. ", .•. , .. 

"'<,.'Q' •• ,: ••. 

«,fJ' .•. .. ;.:':··"".·.·a·' 

./)' 

.;-
::y' 

/ § 

;;/ 

I!o<* 

ii' Address.:! -'.,p'; 
~ --------~r.-------------------~~--------------------------~'~' ~----------• ,·,v ;;;,:<, 

FieJq. s) of intere§'t : f'.! 
,:.' 

Tuesday , eptembc,' 21 , 1993 

IRONS: Court 
blasts professor for 
use of tapes 
ContInued from .... 3 

Irons said that May It Please tire 
Court is the result of a three-year 
effort to collect material to help 
better teach the Bill of Rig hts. 

Originally envisioned as a video 
project, Irons abandoned that idea 
as too costly. He then decided to 
investigate the existence of audio-
tapes of oral argument before the 
Supreme COUll being stored in the 
National Archives in Washington, 
D.C. 

With the help of a $37,000 grant 
from the Deer Creek Foundation 
and $ 12,000 in private donations, 
May It Please 'he Cou,., was born. 
Irons spent a week in the summer of 
1991 in the archives with a profes-
sional radio technician copying the 
recordings from reel-Io-ree l to state-
of-the-art digital-audio tape. Much 
of the work. Irons said, involved 
editing the tapes down tlnd writing 
the accompanying book. 

Irons wanted to inc lude one im-
portant case dealing with every as-
pect of the Bill of R igbt~. The 23 
ca es dea l with such diverse is~ ue~ 

a~abort ion. 'c11ool prayer. flag burn-
ing, gay righ ts. the righ t to an ilttor-
ney and the Watergate tape . . He 
also selected cases on th basis of 
audibility and intere~t. "r \\ anted to 
incl ude some busing ase~," Iron~ 
~a id , "but they were all ei ther inau-
dible or very boring." 

There have not alway~ been lim-
its on the u. e of the tape~. In the 
original negotiations between the 
arc hives and the coun. both panies 
agreed that re,triction~ wo uld not 
be in the publ i in tere\ t. 

In a 1968 memorandum. follow-
ing discussions wi th Chief Justice 
Earl Warren. then-clirecto r James 
B. Rhoads wrote that .. . .. The Chief 
Justice indic.lIed that he was pretty 
we ll convinced that re~ t rictions 
arou~e su~picioll s and that there 
ought to be very important and de-
fe nsibl e rea.ons pre. e ll! before 
records should be withheld." 

With the broadcast of several 
oral arguments by CBS news in 
1978, however, the court stopped 
transferring the tapes to the archives. 
"I am frankly becoming alarmed 
that the court . . . may be stalling and 
willing to' continue with the trans-
fers ," an archives official wrote in 
1980. "This may be because of the 
recent media use and ' Ie<lks ' of oral 
arguments recordings. etc." 

Chief Justice Warren Burger 
objected to the use of the tapes for 
"commercial purposes," although. 
Irons observed, "how CBS benefited 
commercially [from broadcasting 
the tapes] r have no idea." 

At the court's insistence , the ar-
chives imposed the regulations now 
at the center of the recent contro-
versy. 

The court could stop sending 
tapes overto the archi ves, like it did 
in 1978-81 , to prevent someone like 
Irons from copying or broadcasting 
cases in the future, but Irons doesn' t 
expect that to happen. "They would 
get pounded in the press worse than 
they already have," Irons said. 

[rons, who is teaching a course 
on the Supreme Court and the U.S. 
Constitution this quarter. says he 
wi\l play some of the tapes in class. 
"That was the whole purpose, to use 
them as an educational tool," Irons 
explained. 

Available at $75 from the not-
for-profit New Press. May Ir Pltast 
,heCou,., includes a 370-paae book 
and slll-90-minute cassettes. 

Tuesday, September 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

ASSOCIATED S'-::UDENT,S 
. " 

EWSFLASHE Are you a photographer? Can you draw a layout? Want to be a Publicity DIrector? 
-Leadership Opportunities with ASUCSD The A.S. Yearbook (formerly the Triton Yearbook) is looking for staff 10 help produce its two campus publications , the New 

Studenl Record and the Senior Yearbook. VP ADMINISTRATIVE-Important Position . Open to ALL students. Application 
deadline is Octbber 8. Want busIness experience? Want to earn some money? 
Campus Wide Committees- Leadership opportunities in many different 
areas of interesl. /\ GRE/\T way to get involved! 

A.S. Yearbook is looking lor people who will 
inlern for a national ad agency selling ads in 
Yearbook P blications. 

Public RelationS- Anyone interested in Publicity or Editing, this is an excellent 
way to get experience. Posting/Distribution Assistant also needed (PAID) 
Student Regent- Apply to be tile Student Regent. Deadline is November 5. 
Applications and Information for all position available in the Associated Students 
Offices located on tile Third Floor of the Price Center, or call 534-4450. 

Want more info about A.S. Yearbook? 
A.S . Yearbook will have an informational 
meeting Thursday October 7 at Spm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers located on 
the 3rd "oor of the Price Center. If you 
can't make it, call us al 534-7491. 

ABSOLUTELY FREE! 
BBQ 

Tue, Sept 21: 11-1 
Wed, Sept 22: 5-7 

Price Center Balcony 
Immediately following Wed's BBQ: 

Ferris Beuller's 
Day Off 

Buy Tickets In 
ADVANCE 

FALL FILM SERIES 
Sep130: DAVE 
Oct 7: 1J\ST I\CTION HERO 

14: SLEEPLESS tN SEAlTLE 
21: IN THE LINE OF FIRE 
28: SNOW WHI TE 

Nov 4: THE FIRM 
11: RISING SUN 
18: THE FUGITIVE 

Tix available at the Box Office-$t 

ALL SHOWS WILL 
SELL OUT 

NOON CONCERT 
Featuring 

I: :'\ II ;.1](1 :: I! .. \ ~ · · ; lillil ii',::HII 
II J J I j II i i Ill) Ii 11 

MONDAY, SEPT. 27 
Price Center Plaza 

FREE! 

ASUCSD ProgralDlDing Presents: 
!N ASSOCIATION WITII UNIVERSITY CENTER ADVISOUY HOARD 

MUSIC TELEVISION* 
ON C.A~PUS 
FridclY~ Sept. 24 - Tuesday~ Sept. 28 

MTV will be broadcasting live from UCSD. 
COJne out and have fun while l\1TV is here ... you'll have 9.65 weeks to 

catch up on you Ire school work. 

lVIC>~I>~~ SE:I?'"r_ 27 
I.REE NOON CONCEl~'I' FEA'I"'lJ]~ING: 

BLACKSMITH UNION 
~-.:J .~SI>~ ~ S~I=-rr_ .28 

HUGE FREE CONCERT!!! 
great local hands: 

t-1Llf 
aMiniature 

inch 
4:30pm Price Center 

also featuring Sativa Luvb~s 
fronl the s()Undtnlck of 

THE. LAST PARTY 
starring Robert Downey Jr. 

FREb preview of movie begi II!' right nfter the concert 
FREE passes availahle to firsl400 only at Box Oflice 

12 noon , ~rllCS., Sepl. 28 

23 

-

-

,. 

A.S. Newsfiaslles I~ proom;erl hy I/,p 
Itssociated Sludenls of UCSD. 
Student OIganizalions may advertise 
;n tile A.S. Newsflashes by (jlling out 
Ille fon11 localed oulside I/Ie AS. 
Seclelmy 's office. lI,ild floor. {'rice-
Center. SU/)IIIis;. iol1s are Que each 
Tuesday CIt 110011 (or Ihe next 
Monday: ~ editioll. L-__ ~~h-__ ~~ •• ~ ---._---_.-.... .. -......... _----_ ...... .... --.......... _ ... -_ ... _ ... _ ..... ........ .. ......... ........ . 



24 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, September 21,1993 

B Blond • Sunset Redd~. ~OT~l~C __ .~ .... ~':":~-;:--:;-:~:-~--~~~ 1IIIIIIII • India Pale Ale· Strawberry 
BEACIt 

• Highlander 

Stout • ou t ·PB 

Blonde l wberry 

Stout • Highlander 

Stout • High lander ::, hocolate Min t Stout · PB 

Blonde· Sunset Red· 0 ia Pale Ale · Stra"·,,betry 

Blonde • Chinese Ginger • OTL Stou t • H ighlander 

Stou t • Hi hlander Scotch Ale · India Pa le Ale • Strawberry BI e • Chinese Ginger • Chocolate Mint Stout ·PB 

Blonde · n tA ~~,ghiQ· H Q QLtrawberrv 
Bl onde • Chinese Ginger. oc HAEtr~ 

Stout • Highlander Scotch Ale ~, W, 
de [sed · OTL Stout • Highlander 

....-..,a nger • Chocolate Mint Stout ·PB 

131 MONDAY ut • THURSDAY try 
BI 

$2 Pints $1 College Beer Night 
7 pm to Close t .p der AIIIO-Oz. microbrewed beers (after 7 p.m.) 
~_ St r----------------------------- Remember-all $1 beers are not the same. 

TUESDAY ·PB 
131 20e Wing Night All Night ut • SUNDAY rry 

7 pm to close - Brewmaster Specials, $2 pint Collele Pizza 
BI t .p & Pite er Night der .. 

WEDNESDAY St berr • All PIZZAS $ 00 
Stein Night • All 48-bz. 

·PB 

PITCHERS 
81 Buy a 10foed stein for $5 full of beer uf • (after 5 pm) each $3 with, UCSD ID!) rry 

$2 per refill every Wednesday night, 7 pm to close • Try the Thai Chicken Pizza! • 
BI t .p 

Stout· Hi hlander Scolch A44i1,e: AMt1~."n"- B~ud Ch p/F if :RDD~~..I~ • !t. I ~r . acolate Mint Stout ·PB 
corner of Mission & Garnet in SeaCoast Square 

810nde • Sunse t Re • OTL St~~MI tWifri~t ~ 
.r ~~ -yJflU\1Nu orrn&I4ibfetlHtst.,e • India Pale Ale· Strawberry 

Blonde • Chinese Ginger . 2'''1 4 ~*LESd · OT L Stout· Highlander 
COLOR· USED 

Re~ Bruckner/ GuardIan 

• 

Today's HIATUS reviews the best entertainment and dining 
in the San Diego area including Downtown, Golden 

Triangle, Hillcrest and Pacific Beach . 
CON1RlBUI1NG WRITERS INCLUDE 

Ben 8oychuk, Miguel B_~r. M. Maninez, Jeff N~l, Eric Schmitll and Care Udell 

• 



.. 

HIATUS B2 The UCSD Guardian Tueaday, Septembel' 21, 1993 

GAY BARS AND COOL cAFEs SET 
IN AN URBAN ATMOSPHERI 

RESTAURANTS 

Jason Ritchie/GuardiBil 

eorvette DIner: 3946 FifthAv-
enue, Hillcre I. Phone: 542-1001. 
The memorabilia and overall decor 
of this classic American-style res-
taurant definitely recreate a typical 
'50s diner. Besides a basic menu of 
salads and sandwiches, you may 
choose from 10 different hamburg-
ers. with optional meatless veggie 
pattie . There is also a soda fountain 
and an elabomte selection of des-
serts. Jukebox music plays during 
the day and a deejay plays music at 
night from 6 to 10 p.m. 

versity Avenue, Hillcrest. Phone: 
49 1-0400. This re taurant bar has 
great veggie burgers and is well-
known for its large portions. You 
can really stock up during the week-
end brunch. There arc drink specials 
every day, and on Tuesday nights 
you get a free dessert with all entrees. 
('.ountry Western dance !O!ssons are 
given indoors Monday through Fri-
day from 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. 

Tbe Cor .... DIner'. nostaIP: ...,.,..-.nee blench wen with Hillcrest's 
av.m-prde atmosphere. 

-CU 
Monsoon: 3975 Fifth Avenue, 

Hillcrest. Phone: 298-3155. Recently 
opened by some Londoners. this 
modem restaurant serve inexpen-
sive vegetarian food in addition to 
specialties from a yogurt and juice 
bar. The variousdis\les originate from 
countrie around the world, includ-
ing India, Mexico and China. While 
sealed bes ide an indoor rainfall which 
simulates a monsoon, you can nibble 
on some garbanzo bean cUlT)' ($4.25) 
or sip a wheatgrass shot ($1.25 to 
$2.25). The latter is a unique juice 
with 50 percent protein and numer-
ous vitamins believed to supply com-
fort. 

-CU 
Hamburger M.-y'.: 308 Uni-

QOunds 
6780 Miramar Road 

Behind Carl's Jr. 
578- (3472) 

3 USED DISCS. 
'or' NEW DISC 

up fa $17.l1li 

-CU 

CAFEs 

Gelllto Vero c.tf6: 3753 in-
dia Street. Uptown. Phone: 295-
9269. This cafe supplies both inex-
pensive caffeine (or decaf) and the 
ambianceforeruditeendeavors. The 
house coffee is under a dollar, and 
espresso costs only a buck. Bring 
your own cup and get refill prices 
(40 cents). Along with their popular 
mocha, Caffe Gelato offers a unique 
array of Italian ice creams. There is 
live music on Friday and Saturday 
evenings, and a new poetry/perfor-
mance art series will soon take place 
every other Wednesday. 

-CU 
E8praa. ROIIIII: 406 Univer-

sity Avenue, Hillcrest. Phone: ~5-
0208. Like the cafe on campus at the 
Price Center, thi s Espresso Roma 
offers an assortment of caffeinated 

beverages (average $1.50) and past-
ries. The lighting is a little dim, but 
you have the option of comfortable 
chairs and a couch, with smoking 
allowed upstairs. A convenient lo-
cale for a rendezvous or study ses-
sion. 

-CU 

NIGHTCLUBS/BARS 

The ..... : 3780 Park Boule-
vard, Hillcrest. Phone: 295-4163. 
This dance bar is said to be San 
Diego's hottesrgay and lesbian night-
club. Tuesday nights usually house 
all men while Saturday nights attract 
women. There is a deejay every night 
playing thematic music for specific 
days of the week. Monday is pro-
gressive/alternative, Wednesday is 
house and hip hop, Thursday iscoun-
try and Western and Friday and Sat-
urday offer standard music. The 

Dept. of PHYSICS 
Informational 
Meeting 
Tuesday, Sept. 28th 
2:30 p.m. 
Galbraith Hall 
for 
PHYSICS 
MAJORS 
and those thinking 
about becoming one 

career prospects in industry 
graduate school 
major requirements 
research opportunities 

Meet with 
HeM Peer. Vice-cheir Education 
DeIIId Kaplan. Professor 
Faculty Advisor 
UPRC (Undergraduate Physics 
R8&88rch Committee) Repl'llsantative 
SP9 (Society for Ph)Sics Students) 
Bonnie HCII'8tmIlnn. Coordinator of 
Student Affairs 

Sessions 
--101 

I 
I 
I 

I 
leSI Sr •• Elr 
------------------

Flame is open every day until 1:45 
a.m., serving its most popular drink 
- the screaming orgasm. 

-CU 
L..-npIIChtr. 817 W. Wash-

ington Street, Hillcrest. Phone: 298-
3624. This hangout is well-known 
to many who inhabit Hillcrest. It is 
commonly described as a "neigh-
borhood bar." The two pool tables 
and humming jukebox together cre-
ate a very mellow atmosphere and 
attract an eclectic crowd. Open from 
6 p.m. to 2 a.m. every day. 

-CU 
The AlIbI: 1403 University Av-

enue. Hillcrest. Phone: 295-0881. 
This saloon has been around since 
1933 and continues to attract crowds 
of all ages. lnexpensive drinks in-
c\ude$I.75 domestic beer (23 ounce 
glass of Budweiser) and $2 for well 
drinks. Open from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. 

-CU 

SHOPS AND SUCH 

Concloms Plus: 1220 Univer-
sity Avenue. Hillcrest. Phone: 291-
7400. Thi unique store specializes 
in novelty condoms of different fla-
vors and size . Merchandise also 
includes lingerie. c\othing,gag gifts, 
massage oi Is and risq ue card .. There 
is also a IO percent discount for 
students. 

-CU 
Blue Door Bookstore: 3823 

Fifth A venue. Hi Ilcrest. Phone: 298-
8610. This popular books lore has 
been around for 32 years and contin-
ues to offer a wideselectionofbooks 
on literary criticism and the social 
sciences. especially for students in-
volved wi th research. There is also a 
prominent lesbian and gay section 
and a multi -cultural section. On 
Tuesday nights all hardcovers are 

See HILLCREST, page B9 

~, 

.. f~ ~t\ 
Y 
, 

.' 

PoslUon requires 2-5 years Cy. 
togenetlcs lab exper1ence. Po· 
sltion Is responsIble for pro· 
vldlng technical expertise us· 
Ing flOurescence 10 sItu hybrid· 
lzatlon for gene mapping and 
providing staff tralnIng. 

poue8I a 
Ph.D. or M.D. Iden~ re-
IpOIIIlble for the Down jhe. 
notype. Includes gene I Uan an the 
analyIII of ezpreIIdon during develop-
ment. 

,J':I:'I::TI"I II 

T..-Iay, September 21, 1993 

RESTAURANTS 

II TerIIoc 89 to Villa La Jolla Drive, La 
Jolla. Phone: 453-4115. Good food, lots of 
variety and prices that won't wipe out your 
bank book can all be found at EI Torito. The 
service is generally quite good also. The menu 
is enonnous, as are many of the entrees. Burrito 
lovers should try the Burrito Grande, a mon-
strous amalgamation of ground beef, beans, 
lettuce, tomatoes, guacamole and sour cream 
resting on a king-sized bed of rice. E1 Torito 
offers one of the best happy hour gimmicks in 
San Diego - the a11-you-can-eat buffet. For a 
paltry $2.25 - the cost of the cheapest drink 
on the special-one can consume theequiva-
lent of a full meal. This is a unique deal which, 
if approached properly, can even be exploited 
by those who either cannot or may not want to 
consume alcoholic beverages. 

-SB 
~Slllu:8750GeneseeAvenue,LaJolla. 

Phone: 455-7229. Located in the Costa Verde 
Shopping Center, La Salsa is one of the best 
Mexican food restaurants near campus. Al-
though it is basically a fast-food stop, the folks 
at La Salsa boast that they don 't use a can-
opener. Their food is fresh and the entrees 
come with healthy portions of black beans and 
rice. This is fast food that is good for you. Take 
your student identification with you because 
UCSD students get 10 percent off. 

- IN 
1'81 FrIdIIy'a: 8801 Via La Jolla Drive, La 

Jolla. Phone: 455-0880. Friday 's is a favorite 
with students for its extensive, yet inexpensive 

The UCSD Guardian 

QUICK FOOD STOPS AND COFJID 

JOI ..... AM NIARBY 

menu and festive atmosphere. Friday ' s offers 
good food literally within walking distance of 
campus (it's located near Ralphs). In addition 
to a vast array of tasty entrees, including 
chicken, pasta, seafood, ribs and steak, Friday 's 
touts seven unique hamburgers named for 
every day of the week. In the mood for a 
salad? Friday's offers no less than five from 
which to choose. Friday's has several differ-
entsandwiches, all of which come with french 
fries hover around the $6 range. The smoked 
turkey Reuben is highly recommended. as is 
the char-grilled turkey and the French dip. If 
you are interested in a late supper, the grill is 

open until I a.m., and the management usu-
ally doesn 't start kiCKing people out until 
about 2 a.m. 

- BB 
Soup Exc:t. ... :4282 Esplanade Court. 

La Jolla. Phone: 535-9410. Located in the 
Costa Verde Shopping Center, the Soup Ex-
change is a good place 10 fill up. Its buffet 
features an extensive soup and salad bar, and 
you can build a towering salad of sprouts, 
carrots and croutons. The pizza is one of the 
best features, and Soup Exchange has just 
introduced a rather tasty spicy chicken ver-
sion. Baked potatoes, muffins and fried rice 

HIATUS 83 

Jason Rnchie/ Guardian 
1he5cqtExd .. ceoffers an extensive 
soup ... HIad bar. 

provide plenti ful carbohydr'dtes, and a des ert 
bar is stocked with flesh frui t and frozen 
yogurt. Be sure to tell them you are a UCSD 
student - it entitles you to a 10% discount. 

- IN 

CAFtS 

Grove care: Old Student Center. cam-
pus. Phone: 534-5272. This wooded cafe 
wedged between the Grove Gallery and the 
Student Center is the best spot on campus to 
kick back and re-caffeinate. The eucalyptus 
grove provide the perfect amount of shade 
and a quiet atmosphere in the midst of a busy 
campus. Offering the standard assonment of 
coffee and tea-based beverages, the Grove is 
one of the few places on campus where tu-
dents can get together to talk. The drinks are 
slightly cheaper than at many San Diego 
cafes, although not by much. Food i over-
priced compared 10 other on-campu e tab-
Iishments, but it's hard 10 find 'cones and 
cakes anywhere else at UCSD. A newly-
renovated section, probably opening this week, 
should not detract from the Grove 's laid-bnck 

See TRIANGLE, page B7 

UCSD 2 for 1 SUNDAYS AT LA SALSA!!! 



B4 The UCSD Guardian 
Tueeciay, September 21, 1993 

r-
~ -% 
"" :::.. ~ ~ ~- II NOBODY CALL US! IHlours:1 5 Th \;\ - KNOWS am- am un.- urs. 

LIKE 4S2-UCSD llam-2amFri. &Sat. 
"¥t : .. __ '5 3211 801;d.y Court OPEN fOR LUNCH! 

~B""SII •• "ul1.ii'IdIl1'i'lll\i~ 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
I 2-TOPPING PIZZAS I l·ToPPING PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I ~~~:r~~~TW $1699 I 
I JUST A SK SPECIAL plustax I FOR ONlY plustox I 
I CALL US! II I CALL US! III 
: :;;~~;~- ; .. ,! ~:!Ji~~~- ; ..! L ___________ J ____________ ~ 

lJoIIIod-..y _ .. ____ . Our_..., __ ..,.00. 

With this, yoo 
can save for years. 

That penny jar 0,. your dresser 

Now, you can get substantial savings on these Macintosh- per-
sonal computers. You can also get special student fmancing with the 
Apple' Computer Loan' - to make owning a Mac-even easier. 1b see 

Law&Society 
Interdisciplinary Minor I Program of Concentration 

lAW AND SOCIE1Y is an interdisciplinary program that 
emphasizes the complexity and interrelationship of legal, 
social and ethical issues in their historical contexts. The 
minor is available to all UCSD students considering law-
related careers. The purpose of the program is to 
enhance students' critical analysis of social and ethical 
issues related to law. Humanities, natural science and 
social science majors benefit from this program by 
learning how to analyze and understand the legal 
implications and ramifications of policy and 
decision-making in their fields. 

Fall Quarter Course Offerings 
CommlSF 139A: Law, Communication & Freedom of Expression 
Ethnic Studies 152: Law & Civil Rights 
History US 150: American Legal History to 1865 
Philosophy 121: The State & Freedom 
Political Science 1048: Civil Liberties-Fundamental Rights 
Political Science 104F: Constitutional Law Seminar 
Psychology 162: Psychology & the Law 
Sociology I C 140: Sociology of Law 
SociologylB 142: Social Deviance 
Women's Studies 102: Women & the Law 

Information on specific requirements, course offerings, declarations, petitions and transcript 
notation requests may be obtained at 3238 Literature Bldg. (second Roor) or phone: 534-1704. 

With these, yoo 
can save right now. 

Appk Afacinlosb 
Color ~ 41fl), BI/ill·in 10· 

Color A/onilor and Apple Ke)6oard II. 

Appk Macintosh 
LC IN 4/IlJ. ""/* Bask 

Color Monitor &!tppk ~rd H. 

Apple PowerBook no 145B 4/lKJ, 
Blli/I·;" Keyboard & If!' Back/it 
~Iper r'l/is/ Monochrome Display. 

Apple Macintash 
CenJrls no 610 4ffK}, Apple Basic Color 

Monitor & Apple Exlendtd Keyboard 11. 

just how affordable a Macintosh can be, visit your Apple Campus 
Reseller today. And discover the power more college students .,. 
choose. The power of Macintosh. The power to be your best~ w. 

L.J __ ~SD 
K-TO-SCHOOL APPLE PRICES END OCTOBER 151 U()C)K ', T ()fll 

UCSD Bookstore C--"-" ter Center· 534-4291 
.... 

Tuesday. September 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian HlATUS 85 

- -

COASTAL CITY 0FnRS 

SUPERB OCEAN VIEWS 

RESTAURANTS 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 

Johnn, Rocket.: 1555 
Camino Del Mar, Del Mar. Phone: 
755- 1954. This was one of the first 
local spots to revitalize the pop-
diner motif of the late '80s. Every-
thing Annette and Frankie could 
ever want is here - burgers, fries, 
onion rings, old juke box. etc. 1be 
malts (not wimpy milkshakes) 
themselves make the visit worth-
while. Prices are pretty decent for 
an upscale diner (less than Corvette 
and Earthquake Cafl!). Upstairs 
from JohMY is the ethnic wing of 
Del Mar Plaza. 11tese two hot-date 
destinations are for that day after 
payday, the grant kicks in or the 
care package from dad arrives. 

Camino Del Mar, Del Mar. Phone: 
755-4601. This family-style res-
taurant located right near the ocean 
is well-k.nown for its award-win-
ning burgers. In addition, the menu 
offers a unique "South of the Bor-
der" section, sandwiches, salads 
($4-7) and a popular dessert list. 
Fountain specialties include 
espresso shakes, !'()()( beer floats 
and sundaes. Open for break.fast, 
lunch and dinner, you can enjoy the 
food while sitting outside and o~ 
serving the activity along Camino 
DelMar. 

Johnny Rockets In Del _ serves areat malts and bursars at reasonable prices, 

-MM 
C.rloe a Annie'.: 1454 

CAFts 
PD. 1,_ Coffee .... Tee 

2670 Via De La Valle, Del Mar. 
Phone: 481-8007. A perfect atm<r 

sphere for studying or chatting, this cross acreaky wood floor and arri ve 
connected bookstore-caf~ supplies at Book Works a full-service book-
both the essential library and coffee. store which emphasizes classic lit-
Like other coffeehouses, it offers erature. Various poetry readings, 
various coffee beverages (average book. signings and lectures also take 
$ 1.50) and pastries, but it also serves place here. After you finish con-
soups, salads and special breakfast, versing and browsing, you can pur-
brunch and dinner platters. Enter- chase freshly roasted coffee, im-
tairunent on Friday nights cQnsists ported teas and spices and various 
of live jazz beginning at 8 p.m. By gift merchandise at the small retail 
walking under the adjoining arch- store. 
way while sipping a coffee, you --CU 

WELCOME BACK SMARTY PANTS! 

Open 7dags 
Lunch & Dinntr 

t:ach .... 1 ........... ol one: pial or puta or ..... spocl.Jty uIad. 
1_ PC' c ...... EIqoIra!112M3. 

OFFER GOOD AT BOTH LOCATIONS 

COSTA VERDE CENTER Pr. LoMA Waterfront Dining 

&menIIcIa Books and Cof. 
,..: 1555 Camino Del Mar, Del 
Mar. Phone: 755-2707. After c1im~ 
ing to the upper level of The Plaza 
and following the multi-colored 
mosaic pathway. you arrive at the 
just-as-colorful Esmeralda. This 
bookstore-cafe is a general book-
store which speciali zes in small 
presses, poet .. y and new contempo-
rary fic tion. The liberal atmo phere 

See DEL MAR, page 88 

8650 Genesee (across from UTe) 
458-9525 

5120 North Harbor Dr. (2 blocku outh oI Rosemnsl 
226·0268 

"The Kronos Quartet is shaking up classical music the same 
way the Beatles shook up pop." Roiling Stone Magazine 

I~~~!~~!~.~~.::~·' ·.""" ·r.-~r onI)' ;· :~:·· ::':· I II 
:::::f .::::~2¢ a day .. :: ::: ~·::b.;b:!iglV@W{nfH%!d)}WI 

. . ~ 

.. ' 

,:' 

OcTOBER 7 • THURS. • 8PM • UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 



HlATUS 86 

GARNET STREET BUSTLES 

WITH AcnVITY 

RESTAURANTS 

1chIban: 1441 Gamet Avenue, 
Pacific Beach. Phone: 270-5755. 
Ichiban ~ells fresh sushi at afford-
able prices. but if sushi doesn't fill 
you uP. you might want to try one 
of the specials. Each entree comes 
with rice and a salad. and there are 
free refills on the soda. There is 
often a line during dinner hours, so 
be sure to leave yourself plenty of 
time. 

- IN 
Marino'. italian Restau-

rant: 4475 Ingraham Street, Pa-
cific Beach. Phone: 490-0 168. 
Marino's features authentic, non-
Americanized mama and papa cui-
sine. The pasta, pizza and torpe-
does are like the stuff real natives 
eat. It 's a few steps from Gamet, 
but urprisinglyoffthebeatentrdck. 
Marino's is truly a Pacific Beach 

cult favorite. 
- MM 

cAris 

Cafe Crema: 1001 Gamet Av-
enue. Pacific Beach. Phone: 273-
3558. In the thick of the Pacific 
Beach playlund calledGametstands 
a proud bastion of yuppie heaven. 
Crema is an upscale establishment 
which carries the Wall Street Jour-
nal and other periodicals along with 
the usual offerings of exotic coffees. 
Italian soda:. and croissants. The 
atmo phere is further enhanced by 
a hodge-podge of live folk and jazz 
cooked up all week long. A good 
place to relax. 

- MB 
ZanzIbar: 976 Gamet Avenue, 

Pacific Beach. Phone: 272-4762. 
Open from 6 a.m. to 4 a.m.! The 
land of a berets and bandannas. of 

UTHIS IS FILMMAKING AT ITS BEST." 
" GLO~IOUS! Ui\LlKE \:--YTH ING Yl)U\,[ EVEs Sm.' 

-\ ~RO~G CO\. -~\DER h)R O\E OF THE'I EARS BESt FILM " 

11**** MAGNIFICENT!" 
[\ :R'o FE '.1 . : \R) Ai'. -\/;\ERIO. ' \\0\ IE COI\\E~ ~~OI\G 

~l' F'~ LL C~ -I FE. ;\i\O ' i) RICH I" HO 'E-T E.\10TIOi\ 
T!1 .~-;- IT SWH~ A\I Y EVERYT HING I I T ~ P.\,TH: 

"A 10+, REALLY A 13. 
IT'S DESTI NED TO BE ONE OF 

THE BEST AND MOST TALKfD-ABOUT 
FILMS OF 1993 AND 

THE '94 OSCARS~ 

"THE 

JOY 
LUCKCLUI3 

. BAS[D UP N THl. OV~L 
IWAMYTAN 

The UCSD Guardian 

secoodary smoke and coffee talk. 
Zanzibar is seriously hip in a world 
of design by demographics. This 
place is full of atmosphere and liter-
ary pretension, but not quitea move-
ablefeast. WatchfortheJelT)' Garcia 
typeS squeezed into the tiny kinder-
garten desks out froot. 

-MM 
c.M TOIl"": 4475 Mission 

Boulevard. Pacific Beach. 483-
3988. Located in SeaCoast Square. 
Cafe Toulouse is the quintessential 
'90s scone bar. A nice place to take 
a first date for some quiet reflection 
- as long as the soundproof doors 
shut out the chaotic noise generated 
on a typical Garnet weekend. 
Toulouse is not open as late as the 
nearby Zanzibar. 

-MM 

NIGHTCLUBS/BARS 

P8Clflc ............... : 
4475 Mission Boulevard, Pacific 
Beach. Phone: 274-2537. The PB 
Brewhouse features your standard 
micro brewery amenities - tasty 
home-brew, wings, burgers, beer-
batter fried fish and the like. The 
fare is tasty, with that classic colle-
giate juicy/greasy mix. and the house 
beers(e peciallythedarks)aregood. 
Two special nights are geared to 
college students - Thursdays are 
College Night, with $1 beers, and 
Sunday nights are beer and pitcher 
nights, with all the pizzas and 48-
ounce pitchers at $5 each. The 
Brewhouse is also a short stride 
from the beach. the Improv and 
other great PB scenes. 

-MM 
..... Melon'.: 71 OGarnetAv-

enue. Pacific Beach. Phone: 483-
7844. This isjust a smoky _beer bar. 

See BEACH, page 89 

Tuesday , September 21 1993 

Call 
(619)587-1414 
ext. 6220 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
.. 

i 
•• 

What You Won't Fmd 
at CaDahan's ••• 

Loud Obnm<ious Music ... Dinky Nouveau Food ... 

What you \ViII find are 
$3.95lunrh Specia1s 

every weekday! 
Locand .8280 

Mira Mesa BMI. In the 
Mira Mesa Shopping 
Cenu. Under the 

ween aM1ing. 
578-7892 

A little hard to jind, rrolly hard to leave. 

MIRAMA 
CAR WASH 
~------------------~ 
1 Full Service $ 95 1 
I CAR I 1 H S7.95 VALUE 1 
1 1 
I · -.---
I 

L_ 
5716 Miramar Road, San Diego 

.---------. 

behind the Unocal 76 station 
Mon.-Sat. 8-6 • 455-1120 

Tuesday. September 21. 1993 The treSO Guardian 111\TL S 137 

TRIANGLE: Campus stores offer beer, books and imported music 
ContInued from pap B3 added. 
atmosphere. Another new feature - IN 
after the completion of renovation: 
gelato ice cream. NIGHTCLUBS/BARS 

- ES 
....... 0 Rome: Price Cen-

....... Pub:OldSlUdentCen-
ter. campus. Phone: 450-2141. ter, campus. Phone: 587 -4828. This 
Roma is a good place to meet pub has a great atmosphere and a 
people. bUllhequality of pastries is good selection of beers on tap. "They 
sometimes low. Roma is often oul often introduce new ones. and you 
of ils white chocolate chip scones, can sample before you buy. It ·s not 
and the muffins are sometimes easy to find a pub that serves Black 
undercooked in the middle. On the and Tan, yet you can order it here. 
plus side, the poslmodem indus- There's a dart board, and music stu-
trial interior is often decorated with dents often come in to cook up some 
the work of local artists, and over hot j3Z7 during the week. You can 
the summer an outdoor patio was also catch some great concerts here 

DR. NICK SELBY, 0.0. 

visioncarcz 
OPTOMETRIC CENTER 

Contact Lenses $2999 cur::I~~W;:;'ion 
84.L04 

Complete PRUDe 
Daily Wear ................•.... $8g-
Extended Wear .........•.... $109· 
Disposables (24 poet) ........•.• $179· 
1_ compIoIo OY' ftM1\, , ..... up .. " .nd .. " 
lilt -1fGIIIod FIx "",. 0I1tr major _In 'lOCk. 

578·6796 

Kia TIIoIe 
Coke BettI. 

81 ........ ...,. $89 We .,ecllllze in thin 
QiIsses lenseS. Inclucltls: 

PlI5tic IIIII:I/liD.Iwa (sinGle 
Ext" Thin ChOIce 01 '- 10 $29 IIIlue 

one-of-a-kind 
designer 

leather 

vintage 
jeans 

~ 
SPECIAL STANDBY 
;~::.... HAIREARES;: 
It' • ..., ..... aame in Ina .p •• ",II8ntJ 

and take t:he .. xt av8ll.&18 RyIR 

-4 '11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, It'S 
besl to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm T-W -T 9-8pm 

........... ,,.. 
............ ~ I . -- -.-. .. ~ -~ .. ~-­.......... -~ ............. _ .... HAIR ) SKIN NAILS 

457·3334 

- last year. the rap group Digable StudentCenter,carnpus. Phone: 452- Hmus NEEDS 9625. In addition to textbooks. Planet played two sold-out shows. 
- IN Groundwork carries alternative press WRITERS! SHOPS AND SUCH journals and books which cover Ies-

bian and gay issues, feminism. poli-
~ VInyl: Price Center, tics and any controversial topic the ••••••• 

campus. Phone: 534-2733. This University Bookstore is too prude to If you 're interested 
small record store squeezed into the tock. You can also find good book in writing for the 
Price Center is a gold mine of inde- at great discounts on the sale shelf 
pendent and import releases. As- located near the door. Groundwork 

Arts &- EnteItain-

sorted Vinylalsohasa limited num- no longer offers a 7.75 percent dis-
ment section, call 

ber of used CDs for students living count because it's recovering from Hiatus Editor Jeff 
on a tight budget. The staff IS gener- last year's legal battle with the ad- Niese} at 534-6580. 
ally knowledgeable and can special mini. tration. Still . it 's hard to find a ••••••• 
order those hard-Io-find releases . better selection 0 f cutting-edge cri ti -

- IN cal theory in San Diego. 
QroundworkBookstore: Old - IN 

You wont to get smart and make a ton of money don't you? Here's how you get started, 
SENOR PESCA has a great deal on SWORDFISH TACOS TWO FOR $1.99 

Come on In to SENOR PESO orxI enjoy some grool .0 Fish locos, whkh Ofe grilled, NEVER FRIED. 
SENOR PESCA has a complete Mexican menu including Burritos, lortas, Quesadillas and Combo plates. 

PlUS, IDngy -4;,"!I"rilDI 000 flOlly Mexico" lie ••. 
AND DON'T-FORGn TO PICK-UP YOUR OWN SENOR PESCA SPORT BOrnE 

SenOR Pesen 
CAFE MEXICANA 
r---------------------~ 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

: b~ , II 
10/1 0/93 

L _____________________ ~ 
II :30 - 1:30 s.dIy - TIM*, • 11 :30 - 9:30 Friclay , Sat.day 

Lo JoIlo Village Drive at Regenl5 Rood, next to Anthony's La Jolla 
..... 457-0597 • Fall: 457-5099 

~========~========~ 



HlATUS B8 The UCSD Guardian 

~Watch for special film ~~~~~i~pi 
September 27 - October 10 

Sunshine Store . 534 - 2~75 • Mon. - Fri. 7am - Xpm • Sat. lOam - 5pm . Sun. llam -5pm 

we ,are hair COSTA VERDE CENTER 8750 Genesee 
WHERE YOU ALWAYS GET SOMetHING MORE Sal-CUlT· M-F 9·8, Sal. 9-6, Sun. 10-5 

------T.------~------

C IEDKEN SHADES EQ PERMS HAIR UT, I Hili COLORING 1$1 M5 I.ong Har, I 
SHAMPOO I GLOSSING $13.95 I 7- ~:~=& I 

I & CONDITIONING I HIGHUGHTING $24.95 ~ - - - - - ~ I $ I I SIUCTID PlOfISSIO.ll I NOW 895 COLOR PERMING $9.95 Hili Cill 'IODUCTS 
I ONLY ., - I IDoes nol indude perml I 20% oH I 
L ______ 1. __ lDnghailh~he! _ _ i __ ____ --.l 

Jewish Campus Hillel Center/UCSD 
Offi ce of Religious Affairs, Matthews 502, 1-5 p.m. 

534-2521 

High Holy Day Services 
join together with students In worship services 

for the campus community 

Yom Kippur 
Friday Evening, September 24 , 

Saturday, September 25 

TICKET POLICY 
Tickets must be pidled up in advance. Full time oollege students may 
obtain tJdletslree of charge. Non-students must arrange for li<:kets. 

FOREIGN SERVICE EXAM 
The annual Foreign Service written exam will be held 
on November 13, 1993. Regi stration booklets are 
available in your campus Career Placement Center. 

The application deadline for domestic test sites is 
October 8. To take the exam overseas, registrations 
must be submitted by October 1. Study guides may 
be ordered through the registration package. 

U. S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Health Care I Social Issues 
Interdisciplinary Minor I Program of Concentration 

The HEALTH CARE-SOCIAL ISSUES Program 

offe rs students a variety of perspectives that enhance 

the abil ity to deal with complex soc ial and ethical 

issues in modern health care. The program is 

available to all UCSD students with a general interest 
in issues related to health care as well as to students 

considering health care careers. By bringing together 

coursework from a number of academic departments, 

this interdisciplinary curriculum compliments 

science majors and enriches students' preparation for 
professional and postgraduate education. 

Information on specific requi rements, course information, petitions, and 
transcript notation requests may be obtained at 3238 Literature Bldg, 
(second noor) of phone: 534-1704. . 

Tuesday, Septemher' 21. 1993 

DEL MAR: 
Pubs and 
taverns are the 
hottest spots 
ContInued from pace 85 
encourage. Y0lt to wander around 
with cotfee while thumbing through 
books You may also spot a napping 
cat awkwardly positioned on a "helf, 
an added touch to the cozy ambi-
ence. The coffee and espres~o bar 
offers a selec tion of four different 
fl avored cofft-t' s a day (average 
$ 1.50) and refill , arl:! rrt:e. After 
ordering a drink or purc ha~ing a 
book, you can sit outside on the 
private patio and enjoy the fresh air. 
An ongoing author series (includ-
ing poetry) tak~~ plat:eevery Illollth. 
-CU 

CaIfi CIassk:o: 1555 Camino 
Del Mar, Del Mar. Phont':7" ..... +2 11. 
Perched on the edge of d castl e-like 
stone building, Caffe Class ico is 
one of the few De l Mar estahl ish-
ments open dl' l'I ng. later houl \ 10 
p.m. on weekdLlvs. II p.m. h Idavs 
and Satunlays I f he buildingis ,Ilea 
with art galien .~ and expensi ve re,-
t:lurants. so the cafe altracb " bi-
zarre mixture of yuppi e~. Del Mar 
locnls and students. Prices are rea-
sonable- a cuJ.! of good cappuccino 
costs two dollars . Besides the usual 
assortment of coffee drinks. the cafe 
also feat ures a baker case, ice 
cream. sand wiches unci breakfast 
items uch as eggs ancl waft1e~. Food 
is on the price side ( 1.89 for a 
scoop f ice cream). but no m re so 
than other ca tc~ 10 San Diego. Al-
though Classico seats it, patrons 
outdoor~, heat lumps guarantee a 
comfol1able temperatureev.:n in the 
wintt'r. good pluce to stop for 
coffee after dinner. 

- ES 

NIGHTCLUBS/BARS 

JJ Macgulre'. Pub: 225 Fif-
teenth , Del Mar. Phone: 259-5766. 
Two blocks from the beach, JJ ' s has 
the boozy feel of a good aftern oon 
drunk bar(hey .justa tigureoL peech 
- use moderntion please). On week-
end aftel11oons. you can catch col -
lege and pro foot ball and basketball . 
Grill orders from nearby Carl os and 
Annie 's are available. too. Every 
evening, the Karaoke mac hine (try 
to catch the night 's Jac kie hosts) 
offers evidence that you have 110 
talent. nlis Karaoke business is not 
everyone' s idea of a hoot. but the 
pl:!opk (ranking it (luI 11;\\ (: a good 
time. 

- MM 
Belly Up Tavern: 143 South 

Cedros Aven u". Solana Beach. 
Phone: 481 -9022. An eclectic mix 
of perfol1l1erS and mu~ical styles 
can be apprecimed in this loft-sty le 
club. Featured ,lOt, play roc!... rolk, 
reggae. blues , jazz or big band. Per-
fO llners include popular locals (Mar 
Dels, Cardi ff Reefers) , iegends 
(Jerry JeffW.llker. Los Lobo~), and 
an occasional ce lebrity (Woody 
Harrelson, Steve Allen or Soupy 
Sales). 

- MM 

NOVELTY SHOPS 

Blrkenstock: 1555 Camino 
Del Mar, Del Mar. Phone: 793-0 199. 
Recently expanded, this specialty 
store sell s a wide variety of 
Birkenstock shoes, appare l formen, 
women and children and jewelry. 
There is a $5 student discount. A 
huge sidewalk sale of summerstyles 
is coming lip October 1-3. 

-cu 

Tuesday, September 21, ]993 

HILLCREST: 
Books and discs 
CdntInued from PIP 82 
15 percent off. 

~u 
Off tile Recant 3856 Fifth 

Avenue, HiUcrest. Phone: 298-4755. 
Off the Record has a good selection 
of imports and hard-to-find CDs. 
They stock both new and used CDs 
and can special order your request. 
It 's worth checking out the selec-
tion on Tuesday nights between 6 
and 10 p.m. because you can take a 
dollar off every new and used disc 
priced over $5.99. 

- IN 

BEACH: 
Ocean view and 
then some 
ContInued from PIP 86 
if that' s what you like. You're in 
college now, so see how the other 
half lives. You may meet a few 
people here who aren ' t college 
bound, and that 's what's so great 
about Melon's and the rest of the 
world. Melon 's has great live music 
- mainly rock and blues. 

- MM 
TheV....,.... .... 8rtI: 1014 

Grand Avenue, Pacific Beach. 
Phone: 270-7860. The Volleybar is 
the antithesis of Blind Melon 's, so 
leavethe cancersticks at home. This 
place manages to combine alcohol 
with a wholesome, smoke-free en-
vironment. It' s not strictly for arm-
chair athletes. If you occasionally 
stray from the training table, try the 
chili fries. 

-MM 
~ c-IbIII Br. 

3999 Mission Boulevard, Mission 
Beach. Phone: 488- 1081. There's 
usually a cover charge here, but the 
Catamaran is a nice, airy place to 
hear bands, dance and be seen. 
Watch for the occasional appear-
ances by The Steely Damned, (ob-
viously a tribute to Steely Dan) 
whose show covers theelegant,jazz-
tinged music and cynical asides of 
the '70s cult group. 

-MM 

Leem to WI'Ite ........ 

with the 
GUARDIAN 
INTERNSHIP 
PROORAM 
An introduction/review 
to basic journalism, 
including how to write 
in the news style, how 
to Interview and how to 
avoid legal problems. 
For students interested 
in writing for the 
Guardian. 

Monday, Oct. 4 at 7 p.m. 
in the Guardian office, Old 
Student Center above the 
General Store. For info" 
call 534·6580 and ask for 
Eric. 

The UCSD Guardian llLAT . B9 

r----------, 
Back to School : Flurry : 

ZOO-PER ! $150 R ... SUD ! 
. -

I Student IJ required. Not void with any other I 
. 

' . I offer. One per person. Expires 10/31 / 93. • Savings I 1-----------, I Medium I 
: Frozen Yogurt : 
I I 
I 99C I I Reg. $1.80 I I I 
I Soft serw on~" Toppings extra. I 
I Not valid with any other offer. One per person. I 
I Expires 10/31/93. I r-----------I 
I I 15% 4130 La Jolla Village Drive I I I I (next to Anthony's) 

452-D524 
(formerly Penguin's) 

"0'" b&l1f 
.dhel' '!I!!"A~" Iter .... : ... p ~~O\lPC. 

,a' ~ o~ 101 col'I~lIg\~i~U~d Ploglams 
speC ... p I) and a llee ca\l~ 01 s\Ole, \1~ oepo\ stole .~ llee so~~~~~OU!\r;g~~ at ~o\1~~'1,<153 " 

'/ au cal. \~" S \01 \1"1e n ~ UP a mal tI\3S2S made an<! ~\I'" ~ - • ~li\e pl09la!1\ (\eSI\!O\l pC. PIC ~I;es ~ ()\\ ~ \O! \elms •••• 
01'1 ~O\ll '()I\eI ~~~:l1 , 1<153 ~ • • • • • 

\IIliMII' • • • 
. . 

~ __ --~, The new 3-D graphing 
• grade-maldng 
.. - easy-leanllng 

fast-answertng 

~O4l~" L d • II" 
---= 

~IMI 
649 W. Mission Ave. 

~CSSnm.r 

==~-:::.-Z HP48G ng 
Check It out 
The new HP 48G graphic calculator gives you a 
whole lot roore for a whote lot less than you ihink. 
Get ...... 

• Push a txJtton. choose from the pull-down menu. 
and fil l in the bl<rlks. Entering data is that easy 

• Vieii 3-0 graphs . 
• kn!ss 0'IeI300 built-in equations 
• Perform algebra and calculus operations 

on equations before entering values 
• Enter and see equations like they appear on ~ 
• Work wiih different unils of measure 

The HP 48G will convert them for you. For 
exa~le, enter inches, rentimeters, yards, and 
feet , together in one equation- it'll convert trem. 
Get ......... for ... 

• Compare prices- the HP 48G fits your budget 
No. 84&-148 
u.t 118.00 

... 
909 Morena BIYiI. 

~1:J.:7-2582 
0canIId1 
1046 Mission Ave. 
(619) 43&-0712 
...., .... 

82S5 Camino Sante Fe 8481 Fletcher Parkway (619) 464-2900 
4444 Coovoy Sl 
(619) 56&-9971 ~~:'2m 

630lStraet 
(619) 427-2582 

• 

I Student Discount I I I I Student 10 requi'ed. Not good In combinebon I 
'- with any other promotional offer. 

----------.1 

A. lb o " u d D.all' 

HewIett-Paclulrd 
.aox ScIentJtlc 
0raDh1cs Cldculalor 
128K ~AM memory. 8 lines by 22 
character disptay.· 2 expansion ports for 
addition 01 up 10 4MB RAM or ROM. 
Advanced matrix and calculus lunctions. 
3-D plotting. 1 line equation library with 
hundreds 01 science and en9ineerin9 
equal ions. H.P. Solve Equation SolVing 
Util ity included. Polynomial rool linder 
and diHerentiai equation solver Serial 
port and 2-way inlrared port 
No.S48-188 

U.3aO.00~8'" 
HewI8tt~ 
HP17B-11 .......... 
C.1cu1lrlDr 
Practical, easy-to-use tool lor real eslate 
and finance with over 250 easy-Io-use 
functions. Financial features includ ing 
amortization, TYM, IRR, NPV, bonds, 
depreciation and more! Equation solving, 
stalistics and forecasting. Basic time 
management teatures wllh clock and alarm 
Streamlined menus, prompts and messages 
for ease 01 use. 22 character display. 
Algebraic and RPN,9" No. 378-1_ 
List 110.00 

Hewlett-Packard 
12C Financial 
C.lcubdDr 
The time-tested perlormer 
Full malh , financial and 
stat istical tunctlons includ-
ing morlgages, ba lloon 
payments, depreciation 
and bond yields Keystroke 

649.9 programming eliminates vast number 01 keystrokes. RPN No. 37S-1H u. ..... 
Our Low 
Price Guarante.! 
If you see an identical Item 
adve rtised at a lower price, 
show us the current adver-
tisement , and you 'll get the 
lower price. ptus IlK of the 
difference a$ a credit toward 
your purchase when you buy h 
from us (mallimum $50 credit). 
Ad error. , closeouts and 
clearances do not qualrty . 



- INSIDE 

o OPINION 

Hlwa 
Regenu reduce a 
pt'OJJQ!«l fee hike a& the 
budget oudook im-
provt!!, more alkgali.om 
of misconduct in the 
UC adnr.ini.vration, 
and a UCSD profe3SOr 
&leps on the toe& of the 
Supreme Court. On 
page 10, geuing a 
part-time job. 

OPINION 
WIuu to expect in the 
Guardian pages and 
Iww to get your opinion 
in these pages. On page 
5, what the Associated 
StudenLs has in store for 
1993-94. Be sure to dig 
to page 18for a 
realislic fUlt-year 
otJJlnok from a Guard-
ian editor emerilus. 

SECTION B a., 

HIA,ua 
1M Guardian aI't$ and 
~~nt $#!Clion 
wually /«Jlure& movie&, 
concem, theatre and 
evenu. Today, the best 
place$ in San Diego for 
3tudenLs 10 drink, dine, 
cIance andfill up on 
caffeine.· 

apOR'1 
Coverage of the laIat 
gtJlna and touma-
menu. Onpage 13, the 
Guardian talJc3 to the 
San Diego Chargers in 
their plush Wc~r room. 
'The only place thal 
keeps you up to dale Of!. 
Trilon lravaiLs. 

The UCSD Guardian 

T U E S DAY, S E PTE M B E R 2 1, 1 9 9 3 

... to campus and the quarter's first 
issue of the IiIadiIII, UGSD's stu-
dent-run newspaper. Published twice 
a week and funded entirely by ad-
vertising, the IiIBdiII pravide a 
forum for issues that affect stu£ien ts, 
faculty and staff. 

And this issue is designed to be 
readerfirend~sowh~ youma 
TWt be able to find your classes, you 
will be able to easily navigate its 
pages. 

COLOR USED 



HIATUS 810 'The UCSD Guardian 

HISTORIC SECTION BOASTS 

STYUSN CWBS AND SHOPS 

RESTAURANTS 
....... ·OIdCDI iris 

...... , ...... : 11'7 Colum-
bia Street, Downtown. Phone: 234-
2739. Locaredin theheanofdown-
town San Diego,Strauss' offers what 
may well be the finest dining expe-
rience a student can have without 
spending a small fortune. Strauss' 
feels like an upscale neighborhood 
bar, with friendly service and an all-
around jovial atmosphere. As the 

ac o am us,~ 
as 

Sparcom'· 
I 

HP-48SX Professional 
Scientific Expandable 
Calculator with 
Sparcom Math Pac 
• Gropnrcs wlrn SlOroge ana recoil • Buln·ln odVonced mofIl tunc· , 
lIOnS • Menu Iobels 000 soft keys • Enhanced RPN With algebraIC 
rnput • Inlo,ed pnnler Interfoce • Burx11ed With Sporcom's most 
populOr 48SX sottwole expol\SlOrl cord ~om It1e Ieodor '" cok:u101Or 
son",,"e 

Blast Off Price < $213.951 

'I 

210 Ivory Trimllne™ 
Telephone 
• ful~ IlIumlnoted dial butIOns • 
Adjus10bIe \IOIc8 and rirl;lBr IIoIune • 
los1 numtJer redlol • f losll leofur. ' ¥bl"'~ 
for spetlOll9iephone services • 

;~~~ff Price <'-~-2-7-.-9-9-'1 
1309 Answering Machine 

• • Remole access trom louch lore phooes • Romoto furn on 
and on · Moma · Remol9 new message ploybOCk ' TOil 

a.IUJa. 
Recording Personal 
CcIstetIe Stereo 

• with AMlFM Tuner 
• 20 sIotioo 1"_ • I ·poinl sIoreo 
lOpe microphOoo • 3·woy auto reverse 
p1Oybock • Dolby B noise reduction • 
AAfl·rolling mecIlOnlsm · Power Boss 
Plpephone heodphooes • 
HS·JS215 

Blast Off Price < S 70.951 
SONY. 

SHARP ;~st Off Price < S 54.99 I . Preaman Portable Caaene Recorder 
Student Scientific 
Calculator with Statistics 
EL·509G 
• Direct Algebroic l ogIC 10 srmplHy 
entry of equations ' 152 pre·programmed 
scterlhfic orx1 stotlstlCOl functions • 20% 
Iorger to·dlgn LCD reodouf '""" 2-drgll exponent 

~~::tva;~Ie~: < $ 14.95 
TEXAS • 

INSTRUMENTS 

Financial Calculator 
BA" Plus 
• Conslanl memory • Solv. tune·value· 
oj ·money calculations Includlrv.J annUitIeS, 
loons, mortgoges, leases, SOVlngS ond 
mor • • Cosh flow onolysis compules 
NPV. IRR and NFV ,,------

Blast Off Price < S 34. 751 
Scientific Calculator W ~ 
with Statistical Functions ::::: 
TI-30 STAT : :~;~I 
• Genefal moth, algebra, geometry I ;~E~ 
nnd ITigonomerry • Conslant memory 

~~~';'; L~ff Price <r'S- 1-3-.-2-5--' 

CABID 
S1udent Solar Plus 
calculator FX-3OOHX 
• True olgllbroic logic operation • 
t 91 functions . 8-digll montlssa plus 
2-{jigll exponent • Fraction colcu1Otlons 
• RegreaIon anaysi9 'lurtlo,hlgh 
~ COlC\JlOtions 

Blast Off Price < S 14.25 I 

• AA Alkaline Banery - a-Pack 
Blast Off Price < S 6.99 ] 
maxell 
Xl-U90 Cassene Tape 
Blast Off Price <r"'S--=-2-.-7-5---' 

• One IouCI1 r8COlt!Ing • CUe and rIVfIW • 
Sony Matic ... AutomatIc ~ing lMi 
Control • fosf pioytlocI! • Pou. swtIcn • 
Bul"-I" mjcrophooe ...--:: ____ -, 

:: Off Price < S 32.95 I 
~n Poc:Ut SIz. 
M~ReconItr 
• CompacI'" _ dIIlgn • One toudI ..conIIng • CUe and 
IWIIw • Sony MalIc'" Automottc ReccIdong LMI 00nIr0I • 2M. ___ pIaytJocII 

;;st Off PItce < S 34.751 
&TDK. 
SA-90 Cassane Tape 4-Pack 
• IMludes free corrying cose 

Blast Off Price < S 8.25 
SO-Minute Mlcrocassene 3-Pack 
DM-6OU3 

Blast Off Price < S 4.25 
T-120 Video Tape 
Blast Off Price <,-S-3-.5-0----. 

l;';:g~,C,SD Bookstore 
"Electronics Departlllent 
534-4320 

LJCSD 
nOOKSTOAE 

1050 193 Ofl CJ"'lP'w P'OflIl~:'on-. AM R,Q'-'"';..R,;;;;" ;.:..""'.;.:ed.:.-________________ :..::P''''::::8=-' = .. v:.:::H'l2!!g.~a.:::.':.:::.,'=al>:.:::.~ty~m::!ay~v!!..ryt.!.~nd:!.:::., !!:su!!l!bject~to.=::ch:!!.nge~w~,thou~t no~t""'::.!....-1 

Tue&day,Sep~r21,1993 

name suggests, Strauss ' is both a 
restaurant and a wming brewery. 
It produces more than 14 different 
beers, ranging from very light to 
very dark, Strauss' Amber Lager is 
the ale of choice - full-bodied, 
very smooth and no bitter after-
taste. Four-ounce tasting glasses 
are available for the discriminating 
beer drinker, Happy Hour is every 
Monday and Thursday from 4' to 6 
p.m, The menu is fairly diverse, 
offering a variety of meat and pasta 
dishes. The baby back ribs are eas-
i1ythe bestthingon the menu- the 
meal consists of a whole slew of 
ribs, a mountain offriesand a scoop 
of slaw. If you have room fordes-
sert, try the flourless chocolate cake. 

- BB 
SU .... Dell: 828 Broadway, 

downtown, Phone: 23 1-9597. This 
small, hole- in-the-wall restaurant 
has great sushi for incredible prices. 
Open for lunch and dinner (closed 
on Sundays), the menu is full of 
sushi combination plates consist-
ing of 15-20 rolls ($3,50 10 $9), 
different lempura dishes anda popu-
larteriyaki chicken, including soup, 
salad and rice ($3.50). Watch out 
for crowds, especially on week-
ends, 

-CU 

CAFES 

Cef6del·AmItIlt:401 Markel 
Street, downtown. Phone: 557-
0173. With antiques and knick-
knacks decorating its interior, this 
cafe has a great atmosphere, You 
can move the chairs and sofas to 
suit your particular taste and there 
is often someone playing live pi-
ano. This is definitely a good place 
to relax while you gel a cup of 
coffee or tea. 

- IN 

NIGHTCLUBS/BARS 

Ole MadrId: 75 I FifthAvenue, 
downtown. Phone: 557-0 146, Be-
ing dubbed a "Euro-trash meat mar-
ket" by Derails would offend most 
sensible c1ubgoers--except those 
who actually frequent this Span-
ish-style nightspot. The truth is that 
these people eat, drink, and sleep 
high fashion (which includes bell-
bottoms and platfonn shoes these 
days). Amongotherthings, the first 
floorincll;1des a Tapas bar while the 
second serves as the dining area. 
For $12 a pitcher, their sangria is 
good and considerably cheaperthan 
other Spanish restaurants. In the 
basement, DJs spin acid jazz and 
deep house on Mondays, funk and 
disco on Wednesdays, techno and 
house on Thursdays, Fridays and 
Saturdays and reggae and jazz on 
Sundays. If you go,preparetowade 
through the pretension and come 
home with low self-esteem. 

- MB 

SHOPS AND SUCH 

Horton Plaza: Fourth and 
B road way, downtown. Phone: 238-
1596. With a movie theater on the 
top level and the San Diego Reper-
lOry puning on plays on the bottom 
level. Horton Plaza is more than 
just a shopping center. Although 
the prices and styles might not be 
one ' that you would find at a ~ t reet 
fai r, Horron Plaza b designed to 
resemble an open-air market and 
has won awards for its architecture, 
You can hop from 10 a.m. to 9 
p.m. Monday Ihrough Frid;JY, and a 
large park ingstructllre l11ake~ park-
ing ea.~y. 

- IN. 

BRIANK. 

HUTTO 
'93 Guardian 
Sports Policy 

As pizl.a. caffeine and Vivaren 
emerge as the popular dietary 
staples and laIe-night cram 
sessiom become the norm, the 
UCSO Guardian sports office 
liglts will once again iIIuminale 
the halls of the Old Studm Cetur 
well into.the dead of Wednesday 
and Sunday nights. 

The 1993-94 chaplet of the 
evergrowing GuardiaJ/ sports 
book has been opened, Triton 
sports are off and IllMing. and this 
year's sports staff continues its 
pursuit of joumaIistic excelJence. 

On top of our regular UCSO 
sports coverage, a few additional 
sports features will be included in 
the Guardian sports section this 
year. 

Our Thursday section will 
include a new humorous sports 
anecdote and illustration. Students 
interested in illustrating for this 
section should stop by or call the 
Guardian sports office at 534-
6582 

The UCSD Guardian 011 

Monday's sports section will 
f~ a UCSO AIhIele-of-the-
Week.. Coaches are encouraged to 
submit nominations for individual 
Triton athletes who they feel are 
deserving of this weekly award to 
members of the Gllardian sports 
staff, The llOOlinees will be voted 
on every Sunday evening. 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 

Freshman ChrIs Fong reverses his field to avoid Coyote defender In the Tritons' 3-0 loss to Cal State San Bernardino on Sept. 11. 

Our primary responsibility as a 
collegiate school newspaper must 
be coverage ofUCSO's NCAA-
sanctioned sports, but this does not 
mean we will entirely neglect the 
very popular extramural or club 
sport's activities. 

UCSD Maddens Griffins 
Men's Soccer: Goalie Michael Madden records his 
third shutout of the '93 season, improves record to 5-1. WHAT'S INSIDE: 

Club sports coverage will be 
included as much as space pennits. 
Club sport coaches are also 
encouraged to submit nominations 
for the Guardian Athlete-of-the-
Week.. 

The UCSO Gllardiall is a 
student-run newspaper written for 
and by students. Stude .. input is 
vital to ensure that the needs of the 
student body are amply met. 
Letters to the sports editor are 
welcomed and encouraged Letters 
will be printed on a space available 
basis. 

All letters to the editor should 
be kept as brief as possible and are 
subject to shortening. They mUSl 
include a legible signature and 
telephone number, which will not 
be published 

If anyone is interested in 
wOiKing as a sports wricer for the 
UCSO Guardian, please drop by 
or call the G,IQIY/iOll sports office, 
located of the second floor in the 
Old Student Center. 

By Jeff PraUlht 
Associate Sports Editor 

Despite a treacherous schedule and 
an inexperienced roster; the Triton soc-
cer team improved to 5-1 with a 2-0 
victory over Fontbonne College, Mis-
souri on Sunday at Triton Stadiwn. 

UCSOandfoltbonne were engaged 
in a scoreless duel Wltil defenseman 
Nick Ter1ecky Inlke through with the 
game's fU'St goal at 78:05, on a flick of 
a Matt Otilton throw-in. UCSO struck 
again when fresIvnan Olris Fongscored 
at 84: 15, with seniorOuis Romey pick-
ing up the assist. 

Fontbonne could manage only two 
shots on goal, and standout goalie 
Michael Madden handled them both, 
marldng his third shutout of the season. 
Madden's counterpart, goalie Doug 
Wolff, n:.corded six saves for the Grif-
fins, which fell to 4-2 on the year. 

The season began on a positive note 
for the Tritons, as they recorded victo-
ries in their fU"St three games. UCSO 
opened with a 4-0 whitewash of 
Wheaton College. Illinois. thanks to the 
one-goal,one-assistpetfoonanceofIoel 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

.......... s.c.. Sat, Sept 22 vs. C.S. Fullerton, 3:00 p.m. 
Fri., Sept 24 vs. USD. 2:30 p.m. at Triton Stadium 

W_·. VaI.,-.t Tues., Sept 21 at San Bernardino, 7:30 p.m. 
Fri. and Sat, Sept 24-25 UCSD Invitational 

er-CD& Ii,. Sat, Sept 25 at UCR, 9:00 a.m. 
"'. _. Fri. , Sept. 24 vs. Seattle PacIfic University, 5:00 p.m. 

Sat, Sept. 25 vs. C.S. North~ at Alcala Pat1<, 5:00 p,m. 
_· ....... PCIIoe Fri. and Sat , Sept 2425 U.S. NrForoeAcademy 

IrMtational at Colorado Springs, CO 

Kosakoff. The Tirtons then travelled to 
Southern California College, where 
Romey, Olillon and Erik Waldman 
netted one goal apiece, giving the Tri-
tons a 3-1 victory . 

The Tritons opened their home 
schedule fOW'days 1ater by welcoming 
UC Santa Cruz to Triton Stadium. 
Romey's goal at 109:06 in overtime 
made the homccoming a successful one 
in UCSO's I-Ob'iumph. 

GUARDIAN REPORI'ERS 
MEET THE CHARGERS: 
Spons editor Brian K. Hutto 
and senior staff writer Gregg 
Wrenn venture into the 
primetime world of profes-
sional football with up close 
and personal interviews with 
record-breaking kicker John 
Carney, running back 
Marion Butts and quarter-
back John Friesz. PAlE 13 Photo courtesy of San Diego Chargers RunnIng Back Marlon Butts 

The wiMing streak ended there, 
however, when Cal Stale San Bernar-
dino came to town the next day. Mad-
den faced pressure all day and managed 
ninc saves, but the Roadrunners still 
took a 3~ victory back home to the 
desert. 

MEN'S WATER POLO: The Tritons began the 1993 se~~on by 
capturing the UCSD Invitational before losing their first game of 
the season to Long Beach, 9-8, Page 18 

UCSO quickly rebounded by win-
ning another thriller, this time at 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps. After play-
ing a scoreless fU"St half, Erik Waldman 
conncctedonanu~istedgoalal64:35. 
The Stags' Neal Parry evened the score 
with an unassisted goal of his own at 
82:40. In overtime, it was midf.eldman 
Todd Curran who gave UCSO its fourth 

See M. SOCCER, Page 16 

CROSS COUNTRY: UCSD women captured first place at the 
SDSU Aztec lnvitational. Page 13 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL: Tritons cake walk past the La 
Verne Leopards in four sers (15-5, 9-15, 15-4. 15-3): improve 
1993 record to 5-3. Page 12 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 

The Penn State Nlttany Lions went undefeated in 1912, 
due in part to the special talent of their linemen - spitting. 

To prove their grit, the Nittany Lions played with large 
wads of tobacco jammed in their cheeks. The football 
wasn 't the only flying projectile in Penn State 's 8{) season; 
tobacco juice was also often lavishly sprayed at their 
opponents. 

One victim recalled the tobacco spitters "were both 
powerful and accurate - they blinded us most of the 
afternoon by using our eyes as targets ." 

" 



B12 The UCSD Guardian 

Do you sUjJer from ALLERGIES~ US 
LEVIS Volunteers with year-round allergy symptoms such as SNEEZING, RUNNY NOSE, NASAL CONGESTION, etc. 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES are needed for a research study comparing two prescriptions used to $99 BIKER JACKETS treat allergies. All testing and study medications are FREE. 
Qlalified participants wiU be paid lip to S 100 for complete particip~tion. COSTUMES· 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MIlITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
Call Dianna or Janet at 436-3 988 

WARREN W. PLESKOW, M.D. 
COO STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. , OCEAN BEACH 
..... ---- M-SAT. 11 -6:30. 222-0220 

Allergy and Asthma Treatment and Research Association 

AT&T can 
help you save money 

whether you live 
on campus, off campus, 

or somewhere 

• 

in between. 

Choose AT&T and save up to 25%~ 
No matter where you choose to live, YOli can save money on your long distance 

phone bill with an AT&T Savings Option. It's all part of The i Plan~' 
The personalized plan designed to fit the way you call. 

To sign up for off-campus calling, or to get an AT&T Card, 
stop by our booth on campus or call 

1 800654-0471, Ext. 4119, e ATlaT 

Tuesday, September 21, 1993 

Tritons 
Smash 
.Leopards 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

h wasn't much in the way of 
excitement, but the UCSD women's 
volleyball team improved its record 
to 5-3 on Saturday night with a 
relatively easy 15-5, 9-15, 15-4, 
15-3 victory over Division III rival 
La Verne. 

The matchup did prove one thing 
to UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik though: this may be One 
of the deepest teams he's had in 
years. Playing without injured start-
ersJulie Harvey and Jennifer Cross, 
Dannevik had an opportunity to 
rotate his lineups and give valuable 
playing experience to some of his 
yo unger players. 

The strategy worked well as the 
Tritons took the first game without 
too much trouble. After being knot-
ted at four, UCSD out cored the 
Leopards I 1-2 to finish off the first 
game. 

The second game was the only 
point of the match where the Tri-
tons faltered . Apparently hilling the 
cruise control a little too early after 
the first game victory, UCSD was 
mistake prone and lazy getting 10 
the ball. The Triton took the lead at 
7-4, but Ihe Leopards clawed their 
way back into the game. and this 
time it was the Tritons who found 
themselves oUlscored 11 -2 10 end 
the game. 

It was more of the same early in 
the third game. With the Tritons 
down 3- 1, Dannevik had had enough 
and called timeout to let his players, 
and everyone else in the building, 
know what was going wrong. 

" I told them that they were get-
ting lazy and not rotating the right 
way. They were letting La Verne 
get back in the game," Dannevik 
said. The lillie talk helped, and 
UCSD quickly retook the lead :lnd 
then scored 12 unanswered points 
to take the game. 

The Tritons tallied the first seven 
points of the fourth and final game 
before the battered Leopards could 
manage a score of their own, but 
UCSD would not slow down and 
made short work of the re t of the 
contest. 

Elizabeth Vesanovic led the Tri-
tons with 12 kills whileLaura Kranz 
blasted home II of her Own. 

"This was mainly a game for us 
to get some experience," Dannevik 
said. "We're so deep that we can 
play another Division III team with 
a lot of people. " 

The Tritons began their season 
with three losse , dropping two 
matches to San Diego State and 
Point Loma in the San Diego County 
Championships on Sept. 7. The next 
day UCSD dropped a match to a 
tough Idaho State team. 

But the team 's fortunes t~lrned 
around with Ihe Mills Tournament 
on Sept. 10 and II. UCSD romped 
through the field , losing only one 
game in four matches. winning 3-1 
over Menlo College. The Tritons 
dispatched Occidental. UC Santa 
Cruz and host Mills College, all in 
straight sets. 

"The early losses were all to 
better teams," said Dannevik, who 
has six national championships and 
four second-place finishes with the 
Tritons. "We're right where I 
thought we 'd be at this point in the 

, See y.u., Page 16 . 

Tuetday, Seplelllber 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian B13 

·UCSD Storms Chargers 
By"'" K. Hutto 
Spotts Editor 
and a,.. Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

We finally made it to the show. Yes. two 
minoc.1eague scribes from the humble UCSD 
Gllardian were now being given a chance to 
come face-to-face with the pros, We were enter-
ingthe big time, the pinnacle ofsponsjoumalism; 
we were going to meet the Chargers. 

For the averase person, the opportunity to 
visit an NA... locker room and talk with multi-
miUion dollar pufessional athletes would cer-
tainly constitute a dream come true. 

But there was one slight detail we failed tn 
consider in our excitement: what exactly do you 
say to them? Once we heard that the Chargers had 
agreed to let us visit, we suddenly realized we 
didn 't really have anything to ask them 0 
matter how many Division ill national title stories 
the Gllardian writes, we're not exactly the .·ports 
authority on the NFL. Without a football team at 
this school, the amount of foocball coverage in 
this paper can safely be described as mimmal. 

But such meaningless details like a blatant 
lack of experience or absolutely no angle would 
not put a halt to our quest. Blindly we plunged in. 

For those of you who have never been in one, 

Pnoto COltIesy 01 the San 01"110 Charge,s 
John Carney broke Morten Anderson's record for consecutive field goals Sunday. 

an NFL locker room is OJ rather nice pb,e. Actu-
ally, it is more lik\' a ·hrine. We were tempted [0 
remove our shoe~ hefore entering. 

The players werechowing 
downonadeluxel)IJffetlunch 
when we were sagely in-
structed to just pick a player 
and have at it. Thi., is a lot 
more difficult than Il sounds. 
It doesn't take a brain surgeon 
to figure out that dis(urblng a 
300-pounddefen Ivelineman 
like6'4" tackle Blaise Winter 
whi Ie he ., eating 111Ight not be 
the best way to ellsure a long 
and frUItful life 

J lin Ie lessenthusiasllc Ihailihe laid bad. Califor-
ilia surfer-like emley. 

"r In happy with my role a., a fi r.>t lind ~econd 
down nmncr. " lhe6-I.248-pound 
Butts !>ni I. "I JUSI havl! to go out 
and execule." 

a with our health in mind, Photo courtesy of San Diego Chargers 
Quarterback John Friesz 

We Ihought we mighl be able 
to :-.<.Jueeze ,ome in~ider infollll:1::... 
(ion frolll Ihe Charger's second 
leading "II -time ru~her. but BUlts 
wanted notlllllg to do wilh the 
tunnoi I that hll"~upposedly rocked 
the Hou~ton team. "The have to 
resol ve thaI on Ihei r own. We 
have t(1 deal" Ith our own team," 
he ~aid . D:lIllll. we sure fumbled 
thm hand at f. 

we wisely decided not to pur-
sue someone 6'5", 250 Ibs. shoveling theequiva-
lent of a smal t dnimal down lheir face. There were 
two of us: we ..:ould take a smaller guy down If 
he gOI a bil rowdy. But even that gutsy deci ion 
placed greaJ ·tr.tin )11 wh.uliltle remaliled of ollr 
dWllldling ~ourJge. Ha"Ic.III~ . we jusl stood in .1 
IIny corner of the locker rool11. debatiag between 
ourselves about who to tackle first. Both of us were 
overwhelmed with anxiety. Maybe [here was 1m 
assistant tminer or ball boy we could talk to. 

We finally gathered our Wits and targeted our 
first victim, 5'11 ", 170 Ibs. kicker John Carney. 
Of course, he broke Morten Anderson 's record 
for most consecutive field goals and once again 
scored all the points for the Charger.> in their 
exciting 18-17 win ver UU~lOn Sunday. We 
knew he would. We kn(1w 110W to pick Inter-
views. 

"rr's exciting to have I chance to break the 
record, but I'm notiettlllg " t IiSUlIctlon.l'lll 
just taking it one kick al ;' lline. _arney 'aldafter 
we hakily introduced ,)UN'lvC' uld Illlllnblecl 
our flfSt question. "It' ~ m ·c.' I."" In Ihe l.'h;ut.,neJ(\ 
to a shoo-in for the Hall ) j ~. line Ilk\.. Mortcil 
Anderson. 

"Kicking in San Diego 'las its advantages. It' S 
a great stadium to kick in, except for the dirt 
during baseball season." he contll1ued. "Morten 
has a definite advantage bv kicking indoors, but 
that's all part of the game." 

Carney turned out to be the pelfeet interview. 
He was friendly, easy going ,md a definiteconfi-
dence booster. Most importanlly, he actually 
made us think we would survive this sordid affair, 

With growing re olve we thought we could 
handle any Charger who entered our path. We 
wondered over toward All-Pro running back 
Marion Butts. Unfortunately he tumed out to be 

Whi I ~ CIllley had :1., Illuch 10 
say as your average polilin :l ll . BUll', appe;lred a 
bit more intere~ted In Ililldl Ihan u ~ IWO ~mall 
potatoe.\. 1t W;l~I1 ' llhat hl' \\<I,n 't a graclou~ hOM. 
he .IUSI happened 10 he rrl',x:,upied. He I, a very 
big mall We dt:l'lded ' , l~ave '''Hk we ~lill 
could. our short-lived Cl,nt ltience bur::'l lIllo ll' big 
a hulea\ Bults ll\lhlllv I:>U\" lhrough fOI one ofhis 
power tau hdown .... 

Down but not out. w,' tllmed t(1 Sunday's 
unlikely ~tar fill-in lor ollr tillal intt:1\ iew. 

John Friesz wa, the ~1;u1ing qU(lllaback unlil 
August 8. 1992 before ~u ncnng a se;hon-ending 
knee injury and eventllall ~ hNng the job 10 Stan 
Humphries. Blit ;Igainsl HOlJl,101l on Sunday, il 
was Friesz who vali:lnt II 'Ieppecf In and look over 
for the Mrtlggl ing IlumpIHle,. 

'The knee '~ been bac" 10 100 percelll for 
about ~ i x monlh, I did 1110,t Ill' Illy tmilling over 
the COUfltC of IJ.,I ,ea"lIl. I ~ear Ihe brace as a 
preventat ive Illea,ure only" he a.>.\ured 1I ~. 

Tm nOl happ' 111 IIll h,lckup\ lole, but I 
undel t;lIld the CII'I. um,lalll ,', ., Frie~1 cominued. 
''I Ill' mOSl imponallllhlll ,' ,t, ,nhe leJm 10 win .~ 

Perhap~ WIll' , 1)I,n" ,,,'1"'11 Off hl! Houslon 
game, the qU<Ulerb.l __ o. ,'lilbl. '11 \ dlffil:uit 10 be 
on bolh ~idesoflhe tent;, II-Ja\ c 10 be ~upPOl1ive, 
bul J' II :!lway~ be ready to , Iep in." 

Friesz praio,ed both h" 'c,Ullmateo, and Ihe 
Head Coach Bohby Ro.,.,. "lie doe a great job of 
getting us all gOlllg togelher. lIe i, velY honest. 
We all respect that from a coach." 

With a few paning word .... our , ilOI al fhe big 
leagues came to an abmpl cio,c. We had experi-
enced the opponunity of a lifetillle, had , uccess-
fully completed ~veral ice-breaking interview, 
and mo,t illlponantly - we had let I3lai~e eat. 

We are currently awaiting word '.·om Ihe 
Associated Press on future upcr Bowl coverage: 

Triton Cross Country Headed on the Right Course 
CROSS COUNtRY: UCSD women display impressive 
depth, fmish first at San Diego State Aztec Invitational 
By Jeff Prau&ht 
Assoc;ate spons Editor 

Confidence isbrewing forthemen's 
and women's cross country squad. as 
second-year Head Coach Ted Van 
ArsdaIe leads his troops into the 1993 
season. 

The Tritons combine a young and 
talented men's team with an experi-
ence-loaded women's squad. 

The team travelled to Mammoch for 
a week of !raining in late August. The 
menran 13 miles whilethe women wenI 
I OmiIes in the team's twice-a-dty prac-
tice sessions. 

'They came in [to training] in a lot 
bcIIer shape this year dian they did last 
year," Van ArsdaIe said. 

Sophomore 1J. Castner and senior 
Karen Hinkle led a Triton squad of 22 
men and 15 women at the Whittier 
College InvitalionaJ on Sept II. The 
women took second behind CIaranott 
Mudd Scripps. The men fmishcd third. 

UCSD took top honors by winning 
the sweepstakes, a combination of both 

the women's and men's scores. 
Castner >anledt(1anindividualtirst-

place finish Midwa through the race, 
Castner broke through a pack of runners 
attempllllg to block him out and sprinted 
to a 27-second mrugin of victory. 

On Saturday, the Tritons hit some 
bad luck at the San iego State Univer-
sity Aztec Invitational. 

On the men 'sside, Castnerhadtaken 
a commanding lead once again when a 
few members Ofthe('TOWd misdin:cted 
Caw!er's two closest followers off the 
course, Castner. who had previously 
seen the course, followed the other run· 
ners. thinking thai the course had been 
changed Thismistakecosthimnotonly 
a fU'Sl place finish, but he w~ given a 
Did Not Finish for the race. 

0Ihc:r men's ruooers still displayed 
an impressive showing in the eiglt-
kilometer event as sccond-seed John 
WaLVI finished 23td (28:Z7.5). followcd 
closely by Matt Ringer (28:34). Walter 
[)ehority (28:37), Erick Goldman 
(28:39) and Rhodes Walton (28:43). 

Jason R~chleIG(Jatl1isn 
J.J. castner leada a peck of Tritons at the Aztec Invitational. 

Fust-seed Karen HinIde, fully re-
covered from an earlier leg injury, led 
the way for women's first-place fmish 
(102 points) with her time of 19:55,7 in 
the five-kilometer event 

Viviana Reza. ruming her rust race 
forUCSD,followedHinlde's I I th-pIace 
resuJt with a 17th-place finish (20: 17). 
barelyedgingout Hilaly Fareira(20: 18). 

"We have a real solid core of nine 
girls vying for Ihe top seven seeds," Van 

Arsda!e said. 
Hinkleandherteammateshavegiven 

VanArsdale a good reason to expect a 
big year, and he wentsofaras todubthis 
women's squad as ''the best tearn of 
women we haveeverhadauhisschool." 

With only a 70-secorxl gap between 
the first and seventh seeds, Van ArsdaIe 
think shaving 10 seconds off the gap 
will lead to an improvement over last 
year's illlpres.' ivefini;,hat the Regionals, 

~Ind could IXl\\ lbl\ m.l~e lh': l11 illlo a 
Nationdl (,h,IIllP llln,IHp Clllllender. 

For I Ill! ,Oi\hOIllOre-dplll i na!ed-
men \ lealll. ynulh d ~n 'I figu re 10 be 
a ~tumblil1g bl '-. I\ !though fllurof the 
lOp ~ven \\ ere \:cemly eI~\ .lIed from 
the B 1e:IIll IO rh<: A ream. \ .In AI~ale 
cited .,rrong Il.'am un ity and excellent 
depth as re;~on'i tl) I!),pect ,uccess. 

( astner has shown the maturity and 
menial luughness needed 10 lise to a 
new level of perflllmance; a level which 
re<.juin:s an emullonal COlllmilmel1l in 
addition to the ,trI:nuous phY\lcal train-
ing nee(kd 10 compele al tilt! IllOSt elite 
level. 

According to Van A.rsdale. Castner 
has reached the point where he knows 
he will win, and it is this example which 
he hopes will catch on with Castner's 
teammate.<.. 

With basic skills ~uch ~l~ dOlVnhil~ 
and uphill technique :l1re.1dy t ing per-
fected during preseason training. Van 
Arsdale will now tulll hi anention to 
offensive ;Uld defc:nsive 1111l1ling tech-
niques. which lit': h pcs will be a key to 
propelling the Tritol1~ towlutb another 
rewarding and 'lIl'ce~~ful -.e;L\On. 



Bl4 The UCSD Guarru.n 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 

(Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insul1ll'lC8. Health Plans 

Medi-Cal Acceoted 
Vila, Mater card, Discover 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St. 
(714) 851·1201 

Undergraduate 
Graders for the 

Math Dept. 
Pay rate is $B.73/hr. 

and hours range from 
5 to 15 per week 

Students must have an overall 
UCGPA 013.0 

Applications are 
available in the 

Undergraduate Office 
Nole: Unotficiailranscripi must 
accompany application when 

submitted 

fi:l:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

THE ONLY THING BIGGER 
THAN OUR CHECKING OFFER IS 

THIS FREE SHIRl: 
Right now, Bank of America has a big 

deal for college s tudents . 
Simply c hoos e fro m any of our three 

c oll ege student c hecking accounts and 
we' ll wai ve monthly s ervice charges 
ever summ er ur to f ive yeats . And, w e ' ll 
g ive yo u a free 13tg Dea l t-shirt. 

Only Ban k o f me n a g ives y ou free 

ATMs in the West including the ATM right 
on campus. Plus a BankAmericard'"' credit 
card has no annual fee when you link it to your 
BofA checking account for protection against 
bounced checks. So, what are you waiting 
for - stop by your local branch today and as k 
about the bi g d e al on college checking . 

aecc~~ to vour \ a ~h u l over 5 ,000 Ve rsate ll e r " A M E R I A '" 
----------------------

B AN K I 

-, t l1 ~ b a nd ask for d e tails a t: 813 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jo lla 
4380 La Jolla Village #100, San Dleg< 
330 S. San te Fe Avf'., Vista 

m Bank of America 
==. ~~~ charges wah vO during June. July. and ~t. up 10 Itva summers Otter applies 10 lim~ed. Standard and VERSATELe c:hecI<ong ac:coun.s.Feesror overdr.ft.nd ~ 8000Unl. 

• . · short avaIlable willie supplies leI! througll ~ 30, 1993 Credrt card oflared IhrC>Ug1 Bank of Arnerica N.A . • nd is IUbjecIlo cred<! approvll. FuQ·1Ime CIlIege ....... r8qUi..a. 

Tuesday, September' 2] , 1993 

w. Soccer 
Beats UCLA 
IiI Overtime 
By GreaWreM 
Senior Staff Writer 

Three games, three overtimes. A 
pacemaker's dream. but it is begin. 
ning to wear th i non UCS D women 's 
soccer Head Coach Brian 
McManus. "All of these overtimes 
aren 'I doing meany good. I'm head· 
ing straight for a heart attack," 
McManus said after his team snuck 
by UCLA 3.2, in Ihe Tritons' third 
straight overt ime match. 

After fini . hing regulation play 
knotted I-I, UCSD, 2-0- 1 on the 
eason, was actually down 2-1 (0 its 

Division I foe with only five min· 
utes to play in Ihe overrime period. 
But a quick score evened things up 
and Carin Pugh 's goal. with only 30 
seconds to play, gave the young 
Tritons the victory. 

After Ihree games. Ihe UCSD 
season has already taken on a recur-
ring theme. "We dominated the 
game, wejustcouldn 't find the net," 
McManus said of Sunday 's tangle 
in Los Angeles. Indeed, the Tritons 
fired off II shots 10 UCLA's four, 
but struggled to find a win. Pugh led 
Ihe team with two goal whi le fres h-
man Ele John on had one. 

But UCSD. which lisls only five 
sen iors and no juniors on this year's 
roster, can't seem to buy a goal this 
year. This is unusual fo r a 
McManus-coached leam, which 
typically features a high-octane of-
fense thm overpowers opponents. 

However, the Triton opened this 
season with a 1·0 overtime win over 
Weslmont and then puttered com· 
pletel y against an inferior Claremont 
team. 

That game saw Claremont un· 
able 10 control Ihe ball on UCSD' 
half of the field until al most 20 
minute had elapsed from the first 
half. 

UCSD's Pugh scored, but it was 
taken away on a phantom call when 
she was called offside on a back· 
wards pass. Unfortunately for the 
Tritons, that would be the only time 
a ball would touch the back of the 
net. In spite of completely overrun· 
ning the Athenas, UCSD had to 
settle for a 0·0 tie. 

Despite three goals against a 
tough Division I team, McManus 
isn ' t sure the offense is where it 
needs to be. "We're playing well 
and creating chances, but we need 
some scorers," the coach aid. 

That could be tough on a team 
without a lot of experience. Unlike 
last year when McManus could 
count on graduated forward Katy 
Dulock to gel down the field and 
create scoring opportunities almost 
at wi II , the coach has yet to pot a 
player on thi~ year 's team with that 
kind of potemial. 

Sophomole! Jennifer Ewert may 
be Ihe bigge. t scoring threat in the 
Tri tons' lineup. but ~he is still reo 
covering from a major knee injury 
,uffered at the: end of last year and 
won' t be IOU percent for sevc: ral 
weeks. Mctvr' lIl us doe~ have ~ome 
, peed in Pugh and Johm.on. bur he 
considers those playe rs to be "ball 
suppliers who will have to work to 
become scorers." 

To help out hi s for wards, 
McManus will have all of his 
midfielders attacking at full speed 
as well as trying to nail some long 
distance shots . Senior Eva 

See W, SOCCER, Pai~ ~6 

Tueaday, September 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian B 15 

WIN $5,000* 
EVERY DAY FOR 

DOING 
WHAT YOU'D DO 

AN ~Y: 
CALL 

YOUR PARENTS 
COLLECT. 

It's .. .., as dialing 
i-800oCOLLECT,s'" Instead 
of zero, when you make a 
collect call. 

It's thel·800·COLLECT 
$5,000 DAILY GIVEAWAY. 

Just complete your col-
lect call between August 
30 and September 28, 
and you'll have a chance 
to share $1,000 ~Ith the 
person whose number 
you're calling. 

Call as often as you 
like. There are winners 
everyday. 

You'll also save up to 
44% with i-aOO-COLLECT. 
It's America's Inexpensive 
Way To Call Someone 
Colled:M Use it every time 
you make a long distance 
coiled call. That's all 
there is to it. 

Bet you call Mom and 
Dad more than ever. 

s.vlnga VII. ATIoT 3 min. openotor dleled Inl .... t.t. col~ call. 

THE 1 -800-COLLECT $5,000 DAILY GIVEAWAY 
*l-800·COLLECT $5,000 DAilY GIVEAWAY. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. ALL ENTRANTS ARE BOUND BY COMPLETE RULES WHICH ARE AVAILABLE PY CALLING l ·800·RULES4U. FOR EACH DAY FROM 8130193 THROUGH 9126193 
(30 DAYS), 1-8QO..COI.LECT WILL GIVE AWAY A GRANO PRIZE OF $5,000 /1. TO ENTER BY MAKING A 1-800·COLLECT CALL: Each lime you make a l ·800-COLLECT domestic lelephone call (within the U.S. and Pueno Rico) during Ihe pro · 
motion period IndIcaIed, and the collect calling chargee .,. aocepIed, you and the Individual or company whose name appeIlS on the lelephone boll for the number called (hereinafter referred 10 as Call Recipienl) are eligillle 10 be randomly seleCt · 
ed .. potential winners 10 share a daily prize of $5.000. CalWng day Is 12:00 midnighl EDT up to the IoIlowing 12:00 mldnighl EDT. 2. No purchase or lelephone call nec:essary. TO ENTER BY MAIL; hand pnnt your name. address. ZIP COde and 
daytime letephone number on a plain piece of 3' .5' paper and m.il in 8 hand·addressed 4 1/8' • 9 112' ('10) envelope. W1Ih firs! elus postage affixed. 10: 1·800·COLLECT Giveaway. P.O. Box 4396, Blair, NE 68009. IMPORTANT: ON LOWER 
LEFT HAND CORNER OF MAILING ENVELOPE. YOU MUST PRINT THE SPECIFIC DATE Of THE PRIZE GIVEAWAY (FROM 8/30 through 9128193) FOR WHICH YOUR ENTRY IS DESIGNATED. Emer as many times as you wosh for as many 
days aa you wish, but each entry must be m.iled SIIpIIratel)l. No mecllanically reproduced emnet parmined. Enllles musl be receiIIed by 5 business days 3fter prize giveaway dale indicated on your mailing envelope 10 be eligible for thaI dally pnze 
3. SELECTION OF WINNERS: ElIch dally winner will be randomfy aelecIed Irom among &It eligible 1·800-COLLECT letephone call entries and all eligible mail· in entries received for thaI day's giveaway. Random seleCtron WI ll lake place 6 days 
alief the specific prize glveaw.y date. Odds of wiming • prize wiN depend on the number 01 etigible 1·800-COLLECT telephone cilia completed each day and the time 01 day the call was made. and on the number of mail ·in enlries dasognaled lor 
each day'. prizellWllld. Odds wi" vary each day of the promotion based on the abcMI factors. Odds of winning via m.iHn entry will be as good as odds of wiming via lelephone entry. 4. PRIZES: I Grand Pri ze per day of $5.000. divided equally 
be\Ween CIIIer and CII Recipient. Call RedpienI portion of the prize will be awarded 10 the Individual or company whoM name 8ppINn on the telephone bill for the telephone number called. n potenloal winner has enlered VIa maol. helshe subsa · 
quendy wilt bel1lqUl..a to give name, Iddr_and telephone number of Individual with whom helshe wishes to share prize equally. 5. GENERAL RULfS: To be eligible. callers/maiI·in entralllS mul! be 16 years or 0kI8r as of 8I3OJ93 Sponsor's 

~ dirwctty Involved In the pienning and Implemallt.11on of thiI promotion .nd ~ of it's advertising and promotoon agencies. and their Immediale lamily membe<S and/or IhOte loving In same household 01 each are nol elogible lor any 
prIz • • eittw II" -.nt or deIIgnI1ed recIpia(1t. IIeither poIenIiIJ wi""... of. daily prize is not eligible. per the Ibove. thai entire $5.000 prize will not be awarded. Void where prohibited by law. No substilU1lon or Iransfer of pnze permoned. Al l fed· 
U . _ lind kaI_ • .,.the tole raeponeibiIIIy 01 winner. All faderll. _ and IocIIIaws and regulalions apply. Not responaible for malfunc:tloning or breakdown of IaIephone systems. for leulty tlilphone Iransmossoon or for Iosl. lale or m" , 
dQctId 1ntrIII. In the 8Yent IhII technical dIIIIcuIIIeI prevent MIacIIon 01. wInnar for ~ daily prize 01 .... promotion. Ihal prize wiI be _arded on the following day. Random seIacIion of WIIl __ WIn be under the S<JpeMsion of D L Blair. Inc . an 

Ilidep.,.~ JudIIIna 0IgIInIzIIII0n wIIOII decItionI Ire final. By pertIcipIdIng In thiI ptOmOtIon, ___ agree 10 be bOund by the 0IficiaI Rulel and dllclliOns 01 the jUdgeS. COMPlETE rules Ire IUtJjec1IO any requo_ or hmilalrons thaI may 
be Impoeed by lilt ".-.. Communic:lltlonl CommiMIon. 



, '. 

Bl6 
The UCSD Guardian 

Seientifieally SHARP. 

EL-506G 1'1t~i.c€a ·D;A,.L. Sl;ientV.c .c4lcUlG,qr:1 • Direct A1gehraic 
Logic to simplify entries of equations. 276 functions. 2-variable 
statistic with 6 types of regression. Complex number calculations 

EL-509G IJ).A~i.St~~lirICCalc~tor: 1 • Direct Algebraic 
Logic to implify entries of equations ~ 152 functions. Single 
variable tatis tics. Fraction calculations 

EL-520D I T~iII-Po~e~dStklziif~c~it~iQr; ' • i68 
Functions. Polar and time conver ion • Fraction ca lcula-
tor • Single variable s tati tic 

EL-S12H Pro rammable Scienti lC Calculator: .173 
functions. tores 4 program and up to 256 tcps. 13 
permanent memories . Hexadecimal , octal, binary, 
and tim e calculations 

LJICSD SHARP. 
HOOK·'fO." l ('~I) I' 1 'I ,'u' ,... 

.. "1 Ulo"~ton' It - • 0-6: ~at. 10-.) fROM SHARP MINDS COME SHARP PRODUCTS-
.. Fit'dl'tllli('s Cuunt,·" ;):~+- .. B:!O 

Student Checking With Summers Free. 
. Wells Fargo's Studenl ATM Checking" is 
JUSI $4.50 per monlh when you do all your banking 
at the ATM. You'll get three summer months free 
for as lon~ as you're in school, unlimited check-
writing with no per-check charges, and access to 
more than I~OO Wells F;argo Express" ATMs with no 
per-transactIOn fees. You can even open a savings 
account free when you open yourcheckingaccounl. 

Free First Year Student Vila Membenbip. 
Apply for our Student Visa Card and you can get 

a $700 credit limit, ~ith free membershIp for the 
first year when you SIgn up for overdraft protection. 

You'll also find a wide range offederal 
student loans. In fact, nobody puts it all together 
for you like Wells Fargo. So drop by the bank 
where you can choose paper and plastic today-
and ask about our free t-shirt offer. 

WELLS FARGO BANK 

Come and visit your Wells Fargo Bankeron campus today in the Price Center! Or, stop by your local Wells Fargo brctnch: 
• UTC Office, 4315 La Jolla Village Or., 455-7080 • Pacific BeacWTurquoise Office, 5180 Mission Blvd., 488-2828 

• La Jolla Office, 7714 Ginrd Ave., 454.0361 

f:T ~il~~:; d~';:!'.'r. =o:~~: lransactions are mad~ in.id~ it branch. Sft OUT Con'UIIM!T DitclOlu,"" Stat~m~nl about t~nn. and condhiollJ 
. Cl lgg~,WFB, N.A. M~mber FDIC 

..... - .... . - .... . ... .. - ------_ .. ...... -. 

Tuesday, September 21 ,1993 

M. SOCCER: 
Madden blanks 
Claremont, 2-0 
ContInued from .... 12 
win in five tries, with an unassisted goal 
at 104:35. The 2-1 victory was dubbed 
"a big step" by Head Coach l)erek 
Armstrong. 

A quick start ou' of the gates is 
exaclly whal UCSD needed. consider-
ing the number of obstacles Ihey have 10 
face this season. Not only do they have 
one of the toughest schedules in Divi-
sion ill, they must overcome the inex-
perience factor on what Almslrong calls 
"Ihe younge~' team I've hJd in qllite a 
while." 

After ~uffering from a lack of scor-
ing punch lasl season. AI1l1sIronl! said 
he hopes he can find one or IWO ~orers 
whocan come through with the big goal 
in crunch time. That scorer may be 
Romey, whow(\~ amemberoflhe 199 1 
Trilon Championship squad and is re-
turning aftertaking a year off. Romey is 
cutrenlly leading the team in scoring 
with three goals and one a~sisl. 

AJsoplayinga key role will begoalie 
Madden, who has shown flashes of 
brilliaoce in goal already in the young 
season. FirsI-yeardefender Brian Turner 
and midfielder Blake Thompson are • 
also beingcounled on 10 make an imme-
diate impact. 

"We lost a 101 of seniors last year," 
said Armstrong. "I expecl our confi-
dencelogrowas the season goes on, We 
would like to get a few freshmen 10 
blossom." 

Wilh Sunday 's victory over 
Fonlbonne College, UCSD improved 
its record against Division ill opponents 
to4~. 

V-BALL; Raises 
record to 5-3 with 
win over La Verne 
ContInued from page 13 
season, Irying to solidify our lineup. 
In the meantime we' re getting ready 
for mid-Oclober." 

Mid-October is the MinzullO In-
vitational.lO be hosled by UCSDon 
the 15th and 161h. Two-time de-
fending nalional champion Wash-
inglon UniversilY of SI. Louis will 
be making Ihe Irip, the team that 
UCSD has losl to in Ihe NCAA 
Finals the past two years. 

"We ' r!l a solid learn that meshes 
well as a group, and we 're so much 
better than last year," Dannevik said. 

w. SOCCER: 
Stuns UCLA Bruins 
ContInued from .... 14 
Kingsbury figures 10 be a leader 
along with sophomore standout 
Amanda Johnson. 

"This year will be challenging," 
Kingsbury s.lid. "We ' re good at 
working the ball but we jusl can't 
fini sh." 

Defensively, senior Dawn Lee 
will be Ihe Tritons' anchor on Ihe 
back line. along wilh sophomore 
Diana Muchow ki. 

Muchowski is one of several 
sophom ores includinl! Pluth 
Amanda Johnson, fullba~k Ca~i~ 
Peer and goalkeeper Cari Schwartz. 
who saw eXlensive playing time 
lasl year as freshmen. 

"We're playing againsllougher 
competilion Ihis,year." Lee sa id of 
a schedule that includes only six 
home games and five Division III 
opponenls, "bul we won ' I be salis-
fied unless we're nalional champi-
ons." 

Tueaday, September 21, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Test ID. 
Test Drive The New IBM ValuePoinfM or ThinkPad 
And You Could Win A Sierra Game or T-shirt.* 
Go into your campus dealer and discover all the power and fun that 
comes with owning an IBM - because, now, when you "test drive" an IBM 
ValuePoint or ThinkPad you could win a Sierra game or t -shirt i ns tan tl y. 

~ when you purchase an IBM computer, you'll receive a FREE 
Sierra The Incredible MachineT" game (a $49.95 value) - that's two 

incredible machines for the price of one. 

Hll:o;h Ilotll':O; 
Th. S'·I'I. ~.~ lLIIII -71'11I 
F. ,,,;,,1". ~ I 11.11111'1"11 

S;II. Sq'!. :!.-, 10;1111 -')1'111 
\1 -\\ S"I'!. ~7 -~'I ILl "1 -71'"1 UCSD Bookstore 

Computer Center 534-4291 
'No ~~. VIoit ......... __ 10 _. 30...,.",., ~ 1MIurIng ... 1IM v_ orThinkP.cI. Priz ...... _ • .......-
clwirnng: (211) SienII_($45) 1:231; (2e)- -""1_($10) 1:231 . <>- ----" 1Jv1llM. RLIOO. s..-a. NY 10000, <>-_12I311'i3. For. """'IIIeIe'" cI 0IIici0I1I .... ..... your ... .rId _ III ..... P.O. " .,. _ . NJ 07'30. "F_ SIem The __ o-me (~ . 
........... ..... JJS) ... ~ alWI ... VoluePoirW or T1Iir*P8cI. Good .. ,.".,..ting ............. _ ouppIea lUI. 
Sierra ...... TN deelgnate I ......... ai, or Iiconoed III. SienII an-u.. Inc. 
IBMSII3-05 

-:==~- -
- --
- - ----
- -
- -.. ---

- - - ---
- ---® 
- -,-

How To Fulfill Your Basic 
College Requirements. 

DANISH 
TWIN BED $79 

_ •• !wI ..... 
Design your room on a bud-
get. This bed is the perfect 
combination of style and 
price. Available in white or 
black, just .79·. 
• Sealy and Serta mallre-. additional. 

.. ..,D ........ ... 
Made with a durable melamine 
8urface for scratch-resistance . 
and easy c1ean~. Availahle in 
white or black. 
Hipl Chest. 79 
Low Cheat. 19 

LOW BOOKCASE $29 

........................... 

These quality Danish bookcases are great for 
storing everything. Low bookcase: 27"w x 10" 
33.5"h. Just .29. High bookcase: 27"" ]0" 
" 68.5 h .• 39 each or 3 ..... ". 

PLUMMERS 
.URNIIURI COLLICIION. 

SA. Dileo Itto .... hH '1'-566·7560 " . 10-1; ' • . -Slt. II·'; SII. 12-6 • 

DANISH DESK $79 
'."'_1 AIHII AIIe ...... I •. 
This Danish desk is just the right 
ize for an apartment. 47 .6"w x 27" 

" 28"h. In aU-white, blaok or whitt' 
with beech trim only .79. 

B 17 

... < 



B18 

\ 
.V 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

Jason Ri1d1ie/ GiwDi"" 
Junior George Hegarty gets past Air Force defender In the Tritons 16-6 victory over the Falcons. 

Water Polo Improves Record to 7-2 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

Early astronomers devised a fool -
proof way to detennine the exact time 
of year by the paths of the stars. 

UCSD men's water polo follow-
ers have perfected a sure-fire calen-
dar of their own: when junior Mike 
Nalu and the rest of the Triton super-
novas start lighting up lhe nelS, it 's 
open season on all those opponents 
who stand in the W:ly. 

UCSD wasted no lime in estab-

lishing themselves as a force to be 
reckoned with, beginning the 1993 
season by manhandling all foes at the 
UC San Diego Triton Invitational held 
Sept. 10-1 2. 

In opening round play, a stingy 
Triton defense suffocated the U.S. 
Naval Academy Midshipmen, while 
a speedy offensivecounterattack capi-
talized for a 13-6 victory. 

"We handled them prelty easily," 
said Triton Head Coach Denny 
Harper. 

'~--------------------

Military counterpart Air Force 
fared no bener against the Triton on-
slaught. The Falcons crashed and 
burned in a 16-6 loss. 

UC Davis also failed to slow the 
Tritons' momentum, falling to the 
UCSD, 12-8. 

UCSD captured another Triton 
tournament title with a now routine 8-
5 victory over Navy. 

"We were in control of the game 
the whole way," said Harper. 'There 
was not much doubt we were going to 

win despite the close score." 
Itching to test their skills against 

the nation's best, the Tritons travelled 
north to the University of Southern 
California InviwionaJ last weekend. 

Unfortunately, ten-ranked UCSD 
suffered a momentary lapse of inten-
sity, faIling to ninth-ranked Cal State 
Long Beach, 9-8 in the tournament's 
opening round. 

"We played terribly," admitted 
Harper. "We were clearly a better 
team, but did not play at aJllike our-
selves. We were very tenative.There 
was a general lack of intensity and 
enthusiasm ... 

Nalu netted three goals in the los-
ing effort. One, a two-pointer from 
beyond the seven-meter marlc, water 
polo's equivalent of the three-point 
shot. ] unior goalie Andrew Bruce ac-
counted for 10 saves. . 

The nation's top-ranked team, UC 
Berkeley Bears, had its paws full with 
the Tritons in the second round of 
play, but emerged victorious with a 
14-9 final tally. 

Nalu again led the scoring for 
UCSD with three goals, while An-
drew Steinheimerand Sean Kinghorn 
had two goals a piece. 

The two losses dropped the Tri-
tons into the loser's bracket, where 
they quickly asserted theirdominance 
over the lesser quality teams, easily 
dispatching UC Davis ( 17-6), 
Claremont (17-4) and UC Riverside 
(22-4). 

"We did not have much upper-
level play after Friday," said Harper. 
"My women's team would knock the 
crap out of [Riverside). It was a waste 
of time." 

The telling statistic for the Tritons 

Tuesday, September 21,19% 

was their excellent man-up conver-
sion ratio. Out of 34 ejections, UCSD 
converted 26 into points. They netted 
eight out of nine 6-on-5 opponunities 
against Cal. . 

"We have a tendency to squander 
opportunities on man-up situations. 
'We usually conven only 40% of our 
chances. We did an excellent job this 
weekend," said Harper. "We have to 
improve on our two-meter defense in 
front of the goa\. That really hurt us in 
the Long Beach game." 

Nalu emerged the leading scorer 
or the tournament, finishing with a 
total of 24 points. Kinghorn nelted 
eight points, and senior co-caplain 
Richard Romero tallied seven. Bruce 
recorded 38 saves overthe fi ve games. 

The Tritons now tum their atten-
tion to the U.S. Air Force Academy 
Invitational held in ColoradoSprings, 
Colorado Sept. 24·25. 

"We .were specifically training 
early last week for the high·altitude 
games (8 ,500 feet), .. s.1id Harper. "Our 
conditioning is where it should be." 

GU8f1JlatI hie t'hoto 
Junior Mike Nalu led the team 
with 24 points last weekend. 

3Tans~ I I I I 
I 30 Tan Days $2999* 
I 

Super Annual Clearance Sale 
I And while 
: ~oulre here 
I 
I 
I 

?---i;;,;I;ii;urs · I 
I Wilh ou, turopean BodtJ Wrap ~ $4 • . Lcxe at least 6' or yOU don·t pay. No exerci~e or dieting. I 
I P[Rf[CT TAN" I 

Ga..DBJ mtANGl.E La JoIa Pacific BGach' pt. Lorna" Mis;~on V?Aey' I 3 251l-loliday CL 4 55-0952 581-9060 224-972 7 542-0391 I 
I acrQ!;~ ~treel from EI Torito 4 55-D909 Fir~ t time clienl~ only. 'Tanning locatiCln!; '"Body wrap locatio~ I I F'irf" t rno flth 01 u llimiled lamintJ ~29.99. No daiy lOOt;. ~ a ':ocond monl~ reqt,ir~ p~ one monlh lale r. -:39.99. I 

~vo with ChlK:k ~fOCl . ~omo rCKl ric l iorK appy-bring COltPOn fOf Oll.f . O lfet r rn.ay be ~cont inucd al ary timo. 
L __________________________ ~ 

The Catholic Community at UCSD 
invites all new students to an 

Q) 

E 
8 
~ Ice Cream Social ..... @ Q 

It) 

~ 3 Q) 
~ Tuesday, September 21,7 to 9 PM ~ 
~ at the Cove Room in the Price Center ~ 
~ It) 

Come meet one another and 
our new staff -- Fr. Jim, Fr. Peter, 

Paul, Lynn, and Paula. 

GIORGIO ARMANI 

33%·50% Off Every Frame in Stock! 
With purchase of lenses. 

Including designs by: 
Giorgio Armon!. 

Rolph Lauren Polo. 
Cazol. Christian Dlor, 

Tura. Logo Paris. 
Emmanuelle Khonh. 

Volentlno . and many more. 

0IIer~ .. 9/'JIJ/93. 
No ottwr ctoco.rl1 q>pIy. 
ExaTlInallonl 0II<lIIabIe. 

EYES OF LA JOLLA 
o p ro \\ E T RY 

Dr, Jeffrey Markson 
Optometrist 

at UTe. next to Nordstrom 
4417 La Jona Village Drive 

(619)597-2020 

Tueaday, September 21, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

ALL CAMPUS DANCE SEPT 23 9PM PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

SORORITY RUSH 
INFO NIGHT 
8EP1296PM 

PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

Aon 

FRATERNITY RUSH 
INFO NIGHT 
OCTS 6PM 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

KKr 

B 19 


