
Elsewhere 
AIaIIt In DavIs BItngs 
Accusations of RacIIm 
DA VIS- An alleged series of 
harassments and violent 
assaults against a Chicana on 
the UC Davis campus have 
been branded as racially 
motivated by Chicano activists 
in Davis. According to the UC 
Davis Chicano/Latino Student 
Office. the student was attacked 
because she was defending 
immigrant rights. A protest 
march was held yesterday to 
show solidarity for the victim. 
Another protest is planned for 
Monday. 

Environmental Science 
students at UC Santa Barbara 
have responded to proposals to 
eliminate their department by 
forming the Environmental 
Science Student Association 
(ESSA). The lobby was formed 
to represent the 600 students 
and professors in,the UCSB 
Environmental Science 
Department. The group's 
biggest triumph came when the 
administration gave ESSA 
organizer Scott Spears 
permission to appoint students 
to the soon-to-be-formed 
advisory committee on 
Environmental Science. 

Students Clamor 
To Retain Lecturer 
LOS ANGELES- Five 
candidates will run unopposed 
in the UCLA undergraduate 
student government elections. 
The official candidate list posted 
last Wednesday showed only 
one candidate for five of the 13 
elected positions. including 
external vice president. 
According to Election Board 
Chair Brian Cogswell. the 
candidates will face no opposi-
tion because the general student 
body lacks knowledge of what 
student government does. but he 
said that the uncontested offices 
do not necessarily point to 
student apathy. 

Inside 

ANGST 
HIATUS: Graduate student 
Stuart Ostfeld directs 
"Outside Down." H1 

SPORTS: A spectator's 
guide to the women's 
lacrosse finals. • 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ...... ...... ..... .... ... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES .... ........ 2 
OPINION .. .. .... .......... ...... .. ... .4 
HIATUS ...... .... .. ...... .. .. ....... 81 
SPORTS ................ ...... ......... 7 
CLASSIFIEDS .. .... .. .. .. .. .... .. .. .. 9 

T H E u c s 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 10 

Siwabessy May Be Ineligible for Office 
CONS1IIUIION: New president says he was not a 
student in winter. Judicial board will decide his fate. 

Jason Ritchie/Guan1ian 
Randolph Slwabessy was not a 
registered student last quarter. 

By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

Recently-elected Associated Stu-
dents President Randolph Siwabessy 
admitted to the Guardian this week 
that he was not a registered student 
Winter Quarter. yet he maintained 
his 1992-93 position as vice presi-
dent administrative. 

According to the A.S. constitu-
tion. office-holders must be regis-
tered students and be in good stand-
ing with the university. 

"Obviously. there was some de-
ception." said Siwabessy. who also 

continued to collect the $80 weekly 
stipend earned by the vice president 
administrative. 

He remained in office "because I 
felt it was necessary ... I felt at the 
time I was serving students." he 
said. adding that he was justified in 
remaining on the payroll during 
Winter Quarter because he contin-
ued to do his job. Siwabessy said 
that other members of the council 
were not aware that he was not a 
registered student. 

In addition to vice president ad-
ministrative. Siwabessy chaired the 

Ointon Readies 
National Service 
Plan for Congress 

BUT CAN IT BLINK? 

RNANCIAL AID: Initiative would 
allow for up to a $10,000 loan for 
students in return for later service 
By Jonna Palmer 
Guardian Reporter 

In an attempt to revamp his much-maligned 
federal student aid program. President Bill 
Ointon will propose new legislation for his 
National Service Initiative. 

Ifpassed. the program will allow students to 
defer as much as $10.000 of the cost of higher 
education through either a direct federal loan or 
an agreement to participate in a community 
service job for one to two years after they 
graduate. 

Clinton oJiginally proposed the program in a 
speech on March I at Rutgers University. 

"The present system is unacceptable. not 
only for students. but for taxpayers as well. It·s 
complicated and expensive. It cost the taxpayers 
of our country about $4 billion every year to 
finance the student loan program because of the 
loan defaults and the costs of administering the 
program." Clinton said. 

The current federal system has been plagued 
by a high default rate on student loans. Clinton 
said his proposal will remedy that by automati-
cally deducting payments from future pay-
checks. 

A.S. ~ules Committee. Both posi-
tions focus heavily on enforcing the 
provisions of the A.S. constitution. 

Siwabessy announced last Fri-
day that he is unable to register this 
quarter due to financial difficulties 
and that he intends to take a leave of 
absence from theofficeof A.S. presi-
dent. However. Siwabessy's elec-
tion to that position is under scru-
tiny. as his eligibility for candidacy 
in the recent elections is being con-
tested in two grievances filed against 
him in the last week. 

The student Judicial Board is 
scheduled to hear both complaints 
Friday afternoon. 

See SIWABESSY, Page 2 

According to White House Office of Na-
tional Service spokesman Ethan Zindler. stu-
dents choosing the community service plan 
would be paid minimum wage for work in such 
fields as law enforcement. conservation and 
education in inner-city schools. beginning im-
mediately after graduation from college. 

Saul LeYine/Guartlan 
The almost completed biomedical buRdine near Urey Hall has been desllned to live the 
impression that It has eyelashes. 

In his speech. Clinton said he plans to imple-
ment the service program through existing com-
munity groups. 

"We'lI work with groups with proven track 
records to serve their community. giving them 
support they need ... that's how we want the 
national serv ice program to grow every year-
rewarding results, building on success and 
bubbling up from the grassroots energy and 
compassion and intellect of America," Ointon 
said. 

At the end of the graduates' term, they 
See SERVICE, Page 2 

Third Hosts Introduction to Marshall 
By Stephaan H ..... 

, Staff Writer 
In honor of the probable renaming of Third 

College for the late former Supreme Court 
Justice Thurgood Marshall. a "Meet Thurgood 
Marshall" program was held in the Price Center 
Ballroom on Tuesday night 

The forum honored Marshall's 60 years of 
work in the civil rights movement as a lawyer 
and Supreme Court Justice. 

"He lived for the words engraved on the 
Supreme Court building: 'Equal Justice Under 
Law ... • said the evening's keynote speaker, 
Stanford Law School Professor Janet Cooper 
Alexander. Alexander. a former law clerk to 
Marshall. told the audience that Marshall was a 
master trial and appellate lawyer because of his 
adherence to legal principles and his concern 
for the individual. 

See MARSHALL, Page 6 



2 NEWS 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
.... .,,'11. The A.S. council received a revised copy of the Memorandum of 
Understanding with numerous charwes after a meeting between the unlYerslty 
attorney, coop representatJye Chloe Burke and the co-op attorney last week. "When 
I got the document from them it surprised me," A.S. PresIdent Mike Holmes said. 
Holmes added that when the council tried to resol¥a matters that had not been fully 
agreed upon from the Jan. 31 Memorandum of Understanding, it was accused of 
making significant changes; now the coops and the university are proposing several 
significant alterations to the document that all three parties had previously agreed 
upon. "I'm not so sure WI! can [resolve this), "Holmes said. 
••••• ., CeIIb.,.., New~lected A.S. President Randolph Siwabessy 
spoke to the council about the grievances being flied against him in two separate 
Judicial Board hearings. 'Please reserve your judgment [of me) until the J.Board 
hearings [are Oller]: he said. (see story, p.1) 
... loll FMtIY .... Based on police reports from last year's festival, a large 
number of parties tield before and during the concert resulted in a great deal of 
intoxicated participants who disrupted the festivites and caused problems for 
security and campus police. This year, the council is taking extra precautions by 
surrounding the event with a steel fence and allowing access to the event by way of 
two entrances: one near the Bull's Eye Tavem, the other near the Price Center 
Fountain. Extra security personnel will check for UCSO 10's, and will make sure there 
are no alcoholic beverages, cans, bottles, cameras or recording devices. Visibly 
intoxicated revelers will be denied entrance, according to a letter written by 1993 Sun 
God Festival Chair Cecelia Lucero and Commissioner of Programming Robb Eamest. 

.............. to UCA8- The council discussed the possibility of sending an 
A.S. representative to the University Center Advisory Board (UCAB), which is taking 
the place of the disestablished University Center Board (UCB). In a straw poll vote, 
the majority of council members present supported sending a representative, voting 
9-0 with three abstentions, 

.... eou.cII ....... The second meeting of the newly€lected council officers 
took place following the adjoumment of the final meeting of the outgoing council 
officers last night. Under the direction of acting President Caria Tesak, the new 
council appointed representatives to four committees: Finance, Personnel, Extemal 
Affairs, and Media. In addition, the council approved the Executive Committee 
Charter, which gives the president the right to establish committees of specific 
interest to the student body, including parking, altematlve housing, and student 
privacy. Tesak submitted a proposal to appoint Greg Bakken, the newly€lected 
Commissioner of Operations and Services to the position of VP Administrative. 
Current Commissioner of Operations and Services John Christensen will fill in for 
Bakken. 

- CompIled by EJaln camuso, Staff Writer 

. 

SIWABESSY: 
President possibly in 
constitutional violation 
Continued from page 1 

Elections Manager Beth Gesson 
submitted a complaint on April 21, 

statingthat~iwabessy"wasandstill 
is ineligible to be in office," because 
he is allegedly not in good standing 
with the university. A student must 
have a 2.0 GPA and maintain 36 
units per academic year to be classi-
fied "in good standing," according 
to the Registrar's Office. . 

Gesson was not available for 
comment on her grievance. 

Although Siwabessy initially told 
the Guardian that he was unsure of 
his current GPA, he later said that it 
may be just under 2.0, due t.o some 
incompletes which became F's, 
which he is curemtly contesting. 
Both Siwabessy and newly-elected 
Vice President Administrative Carla 
Tesak said they believe that 
Siwabessy was in good standing 
during the campaign, and that he 
was never inf.onned that there was 
any possible problem. 

TIle second complaint was filed 
M.onday by Revelle College senior 
D.A. Bartolotta. who placed third in 
the presidential race, behind 
Siwabessy and Third College Coun-
cil Chair James Hill. Bartol.otta is 

"If Jou find that one 
person on a slate .s 
In violation of the 
constitution, then 
the whole slate can 
be accused. It's one 
of the drawbacks of 
runnl.., on a slate." 

- D,A. Bartolotta, 
Revelle College Senior 

seeking to block Siwabessy from 
taking office because he is not a 
registered student this qUarter and 
was therefore ineligible to run, ac-
cording to the A.S. constitution. 

"It's very deceiving that people 
are elected to represent us [when] 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
QIJR ~mc St.f£l't ~~R 

K~ ft. Cft.TC.II'( SLOGft.~ 
TII-'T ~s ~ .. ~~ 

~ CHJTlOO . 
~~ \~S? 

\-IE'! O~\) . 1'10'1 DOING ,.. 
TIU.mC S"Fffi PI>s~R. 
00 '!OJ \-\ft.1JE ft.t-I'I \\)[ft. '5 

r<lR (>. SLClQMr? 

\lOIN ·A£D)T •• ~'t lOOK 
IlliTO ( .. ~ "E~OUG"ts AltO 

~~E, BE(AUSE ~outL 
EIl\U. GET R\lM ~ OR. 

S~T! " 

SUR~! - CKI..\ SIS "ft.'4E" 
RI~\ 10 T\\E Roft.O 100, 
'f()\) ~O\'5'(, \lI;)llIJTIKG. 

\",coMS\[)I;AA~ 14"'~\"'cS ! 
I ~ <Oft."> GOEs UP 1\:) 
EIGIiI UK';, '" Gft.LlOl{.'· 

1 \l. CIiEQ:. 1\IE ~~S lodE 
STA.ilSnc,=>. 8\Jt 11) '1\11') 
I \)01.11 T\.\II'\\( ~ T~ 
~T "~~S .lOST PEOI'\f 

It> ~'( ~ KNOW . 
PEoPLE . 

MOM S\lGGES~O TIlE 
SLOGft.t.I, - BE>alt. 'bJ C~. 
L~ £ft.(~ 'Nft.'I ... ~ 'fOJ'l1. f'v.--"" 

• BE C~~~J\Jl , ClR 
&: R<».\>KIll ~ • 

1 SIJPPl:>s~ nlft.T LEtoIDS 
I\'SELf ~E 'It> 'fooR 
PfI~nclJl"R SPAliO Of 

ILll.)~iItATIO" . GU \.()MIO 
~~EKH ~i: 

they'renotstudents,"Bartolottasaid 
He is requesting a run off election 
between himself and Hill. 

Siwabessy claims that he did not 
know until last week that he would 
not be able to pay his fees and at that 
point canceled his check to the uni-
ve.rsity. 

"I do not intend to deceive the 
students ... I take full blame," he 
said. 

Siwabessy said he believes that 
he was enrolled at the beginning of 
the quarter, at the time of the elec-
tions. 

"I was elected .. . it wasn't under 
false pretenses," Siwabessy said. 

Bartolotta also names members 
ofSiwabessy 'scampaignslate, Stu-
dent Action Now, in his grievance. 
"If you find that one person on a 
slate is in violation of the constitu-
tion, then the whole slate can be 
accused," he said "It's one of the 
drawbacks of running on a slate." 

However, Siwabessy and Tesak 
said Bartolotta is wrong to name the 
entire slate. "If they say now 
[Siwabessy] is ineligible, I don't 
thinlc we should all be penalized," 
Tesak said. 

Tesak added that she opposes 
holding a run off election, saying, 
''To spend $11,000 on a new elec-
tion-I don't thinlc [Bartolotta] has 

,he best interests of students in 
mind." 

SERVICE: 
Ointon prepares 
service initiative 
ContInued from page 1 

I 

would receive a "post-service" 
benefit that would repay the cost 
of their loan. 

According to Zindler, anyone 
wishing to complete their service 
before entering college couldeam 
up to$5,OOOtowardfinancing their 
college education by working at 
more physically demanding jobs. 

UCSD Director of Financial 
Aid Tom Rutter compared the pro-
posed service initiative to the Peace 
Corps, an intemational service 
program created by fonner Presi-
dent John F. Kennedy. 

"I was a Peace Corps volunteer 
in Malaysia, [and] my experience 
was very good. I got a lot more out 
of [it] than 1 gave anybody," he 
said. 

However, Rutter said he was 
concerned about the proposed di-
rect loan program. Having just ' 
returned from a meeting with fi-
nancial aid directors from the west-
ern colleges, he said the scarcity of 
grants has increased the need for 
loans. 

"Without grants, loans are the 
piece that bridges the gap. With 
Cal Grant payments going down 

_~--..J 

and fees going up ... this is not 
something the federal government 
can typically keep up with," Rutter 
said. 

"[The financial aid directors of 
the western colleges are) asking 
Clinton to pilot it, [since) the ma-
jority [of financial aid directors) 
want to make sure it works before 
we implement it," he added. 

Rutter said he is unsure about 
the federal government's long-
tenn commitment to the programs. 

"Will the govemmentcontinue 
to fund the capital that we need?" 
Rutter asked. 

"I think that's my number-one 
concem for our students. But... at 
least right now, it looks like we 'll 
meet the needs of our students. 
We should have a fairly stable 
year again, even with the rising 
costs." 

According to Zindler, with a 
Democratic president and a Demo-
cratic Congress, the issue of edu-
cation is finally being recognized, 
and the bill's chance of passage is 
"fairly good," despite pressure to 
cut federal spending. 

"A lot of congresspeople are 
waiting to hear from young people 
[about the initiative]," he said. 

"After 12 years of total indif-
ference ... [education has now be-
come] part of our long-tenn well-
being." 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, AsSOCiate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DDIQII CONSULTANT: ..18",.. Collier 
ILWITIIATOM: MIChe Croft, Tn Eoft', NetIIan Er1ln, Speed Fem.. jennifer 
Hilt, Dominic LobbII. Alan lufldllen. AdrIano Muftoz. Katie Roe . AI Spore 
mati .... ; Joel AmoIcI. WIlSOn <:I1eIq. MIIrCus LoIlbIll. ChrtltDpner lDCk 
PHOf04IIIAPIIII: D8VICI Cho. SIcIIIIt Deb, I'Iul M8ckey. Jennifer Mattnews, 
lOll Mitchell. Chuck fIIIuyen . Jennifer V."n 

!he ocso Q8Ifa1Is poAJIs/1ed IotordIIrs nlllusdIIrs Mt1he lDIIeIrk,. III IfIl b 1he SUIonIJ 
ot ucso. ~ It IN5 ...... In fill 101m. _In_ Olin 1*1. wIIIIIM pem1IIIian " 

SII1cUy~. Cl l993. • rwa 1IWoOd. !he I.C5O ~ is 1111......- b .. _ ot 
_~OI~ TlIt_""'-lnflllllbnlSIpCI_OI __ ODnaI 
recessaIy ~ !he QIIiniore It !he LCSO aun... !he ~ 01 CIIIbriI. 0I1he ~ 
SWdoru. !he LCSO ~Is fInIed IDIeIy a, ~ __ .. ~ 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHI~MN~/~~/~~It;~ltor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Features Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

SENIOIt 'TAI'!' WltITDS: Jenny Galan&. Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson . Brett 
Rhyne. Mleneel scnwenz. SI1etyt Wolcott 
ITAFFWRITEJII: EIIIIM Camuso, Krist,a Carpenter. Terri Oollan , Albert Garlbllldl, 
Kirsten Hal'terson. Billy Hw.,.. Melissa Jacobs. Ga)'e JoMson. ROder1ck Lee. Ben 
La\/tne. wendy McNeill . Theresa Moore. julie Pal<. PIIUi """lIps. Jeff Pr8UCht. Ely 
RIb."I, Blllir Ridley. Kar8 Saul. Rilu 58Jcena. Br .. Sepl. Ale .. J. Sherman. Kalin 
Sple&el, Gregory Stepllens 

COPY IIIAIIIIII: MIcI1eIle Chlanc. AIOn Miller. jessie Sprlnpr. MaRan Tomeen 
TYI'IIT: nm Un 
IIII1'OIIIAL AllllTANT: Bllan K. Hutto 
ADVIItT1IIN8 AllllTANT: Tn Eoft' 

BOB DeANDREA, Bus/fleS5 Man.r 
MICHAEL FOUlJCS, AdtIetfis/"I MIJIl"er 
MIKE MARnNEZ, AcM!tfIs1"1 Deslfner 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

Editorial: 534-6580. Business Offtce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GUlltdlMl, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9209~16 
Actuallocltion: Second Floor. UCSO Studenl Cet118< BuIIdinC 'A' 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Debuts Koalawear Clothing Line 
FUNDRAISING: T-shirts bearing the 
logo, which cost $600 to design, will be 
avilable for sale next fall 
By ElaIne Camuso 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to raise money and increase awareness of 
student govemmem, the Associated Students Council 
is introducing a new Iineofcl.othing called "Koalawear." 

After three months of debate over the logo design 
and other business considerations, the AS. approved 
the proposal earlier this month. The clothing will first 
appear in campus stores next fall, after copyright and 
marketing arrangements have been completed. 

A.S. council members first examined the concept of 
a clothing line during an A.S. retreat last fall. No action 
was taken, however, until John Christensen was ap-
pointed A.S. Commissioner of Services and Operations 
in January. 

The koala bear logo. designed by University Events 
Office (UEO) artist Ruth Bailey, was chosen from six 
designs submitted by Bailey. 

The $600 price tag forthe initiative includes the cost 
of six design proposals and the copyright. 

"Oneofourgoals was to create a logo for the purpose 
of establishing an identification for the AS., such as on 
our letterhead. Also, we wanted to create a mascot for 
students to relate to," Holmes said. 

The council tlecided to use the Koala beardespite the 
fact that the official UCSD mascot is a triton because 
"many students don't know what a triton is," Holmes 
said. 

"A koala bear is easier to relate to [for UCSD 
students]." 

Holmes added that koalas fit in with the eucalyptus 
tree-filled campus, as well as with the mascots from 
other UC schools, such as the UCBerkeley Bear and the 
UCLA Bruin. 

Initially, Koalawear will be limited to T-shirts. 
"It's important to start out small with T-shirts, so 

we can gauge student reaction [to Koalawear]," 
Christensen said. He added that the AS. might branch 

this Is a draft of the Koalawe. logo, soon to be 
emblazoned on everything from T.tllrts to mugs. 

out into other items such as mugs, sweatshirts and 
baseball caps. 

Christensen stressed that he has worked to keep 
Koalawear affordable. 

"We didn't want it to be the typical thing where you 
walk into the bookstore, see a sweatshirt that you really 
like, and then find out you can't afford it because it is 
$45," he said. 

Christensen said that Koalawear will be sold in 
student-run stores, such as the General Store Co-op, to 
avoid price mark-ups. 

Holmes said that the AS. would like to have a 
Koalawear rack in the UCSD Bookstore as well, but it 
would be contingent on a similar no mark-up agree-
ment. 

The A.s. still has not found a Koalawear managerto 
organize the marketing procedures, which is delaying 
the project. 

"It is too late in the year right now to really kick off 
Koalawear," Christensen said, "but ideally by the first 
day of Fall Quarter next year, all the work will be done 
and we can start promoting and selling the shirts." 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DlEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

u[}ij@ ~@& 1J ~@\'!70@W @®Om?©@ 
oy Co[umoia 1<!-view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, M.D.-Ph.D. candidales, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing workshops taught by a lOp UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

·12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class inslruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions st ralegies, and tutoring 

" 1600 PAGES of original take-home review nOles and formula sheets. 
reading and writing study guides, MCAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and limed exams written by MeAT expens 

• REAL MCA T materials distributed to all enrolled students 
• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCA T LIBRARY privileges 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses 

APPLY NOW! 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(AR,WASH ~ --UCSD I ~ LI Joll. YIIIIg. Dr . UTC 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER I r II I ~b" Or . ~ 

z-® ~ 
OPEN 7 OAYS • ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEll GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I 1111 Full Service $ 99 i ~?~~~ P!! !A!! 3 ~~.~ I 

I C O\R WASIl Not valid with any other offer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 6112193 I 
------------------ ______ 1 

The Most Instructionally Intensive Commercial Prep Course in the Country 

A. 
PROFESSIONAL 

<MeAT> 
PREP COURSE · 

V 

#1 in SI) Enrollml'nts (Apr'91) 
#1 in Required In-CIJss lip, 
#1 in Offici,lII\IJt'ls Given 
#1 in J'ull-Tillle Inslruclor., 

#1 in fs.,.lYs \"rittl'n (U) 
#1 in Ap~~lic. Resollrces 

#1 in "Grind Llctor" 
(111 '(' dl/OIl tlS'\? I 

Classes start June 19th ... 
l'I~};')() Villet /,(1 ./I/Uu VI', Suite //.'Il. behind 

thl' F1ephant Bar and n Tmito, .lffl}"" 
the .. tred from l ·C..,n. 

,., 800 843-4973 
,.. _. • ,...~ ~,........, , r--.,.....-, "'-'r-~.A ,..--..,-

. ~ • .;. Jt Jjj' Pfiii,iM '-. .... ~M '", ,.iI;':; 
WHEN ITS TIME TO GET SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

TIle UCSD G~", II pUblished twice I _ .t the U_IY of Callfomla. San DIe&o. Contents 
Cll993. Views expIftHd herein __ the mljority IIOtlof the editorial _. end Ire not 

noataearily thole of the UC _ of Recents. the ASUCSO. nor the entire Guotdian staff. 

Charges of Deception, 
Hypocrisy Dog Siwabessy 

What a long, strange trip it's been this week for Randolph 
Siwabessy, the man who would be A.S. president. Not too long ago, 
Siwabessy was on top of the world, capturing 52 percent of the vote 
in last month 's A.S. elections. But last Friday, Si wabessy announced 
that he would be unable to pay his fees this quruter and consequently 
cannot be considered a registered student. This sudden tum of events 
forced Siwabessy to step down, although he vowed to return to the 
post by Fall Quruter. 

Now, a few days later, all bets are off on Siwabessy's future in 
student government. Since he announced he would be unable to 
fulfill the duties of his office, Siwabessy has been besieged by a 
frrestorm of complaints, with opponents charging that he was 
ineligible to be a candidate in the first place. 

Two separate grievances have been filed against Siwabessy: one 
by Elections Manager Beth Gesson and the other by Revelle College 
senior D.A. Bartalotta, Siwabessy's erstwhile opponent for the 
office of president. Gesson has charged that Siwabessy"was and still 
is ineligible to be in office" because he is not in good academic 
standing with the university. Bartalotta's complaint stems from 
charges that Siwabessy is nor a registered student this quarter and 
therefore was ineligible to be placed on the ballot. 

The veracity of these charges is, at this time, unclear. Siwabessy 
guessed that his GPA might be under 2.0; however, he is currently 
challenging his grades through the student advocate's office. Fur-
thermore, Siwabessy maintains that he paid his fees earlier this 
quarter, under the assumption that he would be able to afford the 
costs of education. "I was elected ... it wasn't under false pretenses," 
Siwabessy said. 

It would seem that the charges against Siwabessy have been made 
somewhat after the fact. If Siwabessy was ineligible for the A.S. 
baUot, it would have been the responsibility of the A.S. Elections 
Commission to announce that on March 29, the filing deadline for 
potential candidates, rather than a month later. However, all of this 
is for the A.S. Judicial Board to decide. 

What is more troubling than any of the charges brought against 
Siwabessy is the information that the Guardian discovered on 
Tuesday - namely, that Siwabessy was not a registered student 
during Winter Quarter while he was serving as vice president 
administrative. The AS. Constitution specifically states that AS. 
officeholders must be registered students. It was precisely for that 
reason, in fact, that VPExtemal Colin Wilson stepped down in April. 
Like Siwabessy, Wilson was unable to pay his fees. But Wilson 
owned up to the fact that he could not pay and therefore could not 
continue to serve. 

Siwabessy, on the other hand, admitted to the Guardian that he 
did not tell anyone he was no longer registered, and that he continued 
to be paid for his work as VP administrative. While he claimed to be 
doing this in the best interests of students, Si wabessy acknowledged, 
"Obviously, there was some deception." Obviously. 

The truth is Siwabessy deliberately lied to the AS. and to students 
about his status last quarter. He violated the A.S. constitution while 
at the same time holding positions on the council that focus heavily 
on enforcing that same constitution. At best, his actions are ethically 
unsound. At worst, he has behaved as a self-serving hypocrite. 

Siwabessy hopes that his current sabbatical from the A.S. Council 
is merely temporary, and that when Fall Quarter rolls around, he will 
be back as the AS. president. In light of these latest revelations about 
his honesty and character, however, it may be in the best interest of 
students for Siwabessy to make his temporary leave of absence a 
permanent one. In this matter, the AS. Judicial Board will have to 
be the final arbiter of Siwabessy's fate. 

Thumbs Down to the 
KoaJaWrM Logo ••• 

... for purely aesthetic and monetary reasons. The new logo is 
hardly adesign that UCSD students can point to with pride (see news 
story, page three). Furthermore, at a $600 price tag plus an additional 
amount of money for any alterations to the design, the logo hardly 
seems to be money well spent. From the school that brought you the 
eye-pleasing Sun God comes the equally ridiculous Koalawear logo. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

FIDDLING WITH RIBBONS 
WalLE CULTURE BURNS 

COMMENTARY: To solve America's problems, we need to look beyond simplistic 
symbols and pretty ribbons and instead, examine the hard solutions to our cultlmll problems 

MATT 

RDBlJm1 

Everyone has seen those little red 
ribbons which are a part of every 
celebrity'S wardrobe. Hollywood has 
become awfully moralistic about AIDS 
awareness and safe se)( - in fact, a 
whole industty wears aribbon tocham-
pion the cause. The little red ribbon has 
become so peIVasive that it is almost 
impossible to imagine any of the enter-
tainment cognoscenti without them. 
Elizabeth Taylor recently chastised a 
reporter for not wearing his little red 
ribbon. She not only upbraided him, 
but she assumed the moral posturing 
of a preacher carciting 

adulterers in flagrante delecti. She was harsh 
and abrasive and even refused to answer the 
reporter's question because of her indigna-
tion. 

and Free Congress Foundation released a joumal called the 
Index if Leading ClllmrallndicalOrs which takes to task the 
veracityofHollywood's faddish concerns. Headed by fonner 
Secretary of Education William Bennett, the incb attempts 
to bring the same level of insight into culture that the Index 
of Leading Economic Indicators - the various measures 
that predict and describe the stale of business - brings to the 
economy. The premise is that culture is just as important. if 
not more so, than economics. 

Culture is e)(tremely important to the character fonnation 
of a nation 's citizenry. It represents the milieu in which we all 
grow up. It is the collected opinions, ideas. shared experi-
ences, art • music and philosophy about ourselves and our 
neighbors. And according to Bill Bennett 's cultural inde)(. all 

is not right in America. 

But, red is no longer the only ribbon that's 
hot with the Hollywood crowd. Every color 
from a '60s acid nip is slowly making its way 
intothe rainbow that symbolizes Hollywood's 
concern. Green fortheenvironment, violet for Red Is no longer 
those against urban violence and so on. The the only ribbon 
only problem is that I get the nauseating that'. hot with 
feeling of one viewing a shameless parade of the Hollywood 
hypocrites. Hollywood, as everyone knows, 
is the most vindictive, egotistic and narcissis- crowd. Every 

Despite the fact that the United Stales is 
rich and prosperous as never before, there is 
evidence that American culture is sick and in 
decline. We are challenged with ageneration 
of Americans without morals, direction or 
any sense of responsibility. For any country 
this is bad, but for a free country, this is a 
disaster. 

The cultural indicators are based on the 
social developments of the last 30 years. 
Sincethe 1960s.America 'seconomic growth 
hasbeene)(plosive. The population hasgrown 
41 percent whiletheGross Domestic Product 
has nearly bipled. During this same period, 
total social spending from all government 
levels has grown from $143.73 billion to 
$787 billion (inconstant I 990 dollars). What 
has America gotten for this money? 

tic place outside of Washington, D.C. color from a 'lOs 
Each one of those ribbons, except perhaps acid b1p Is slowly 

the violet, is another palhetic plot by those in maldng Its way 
Hollywood to seem real. Life spent in fantasy Into the rainbow 
land exacts a toll. These people have fmally 
come to realize that there is something bigger that symbolizes 
out there than them. And now, they want us to Hollywood'. 

In those same years. America has wit-
nessed a 560 percent increase in violent 
crime, more than a 400 percent rise in illegiti-
mate births, quadrupling divorce rates, a pat them on the back for this realization. concern. 

It is interesting to compare this shallow 
bumper-sticker thinking with reality. The little red ribbon, 
still the most popular, is a ridiculous myth. AIDS awareness 
is important, but it long ago became a sham. More men are 
diagnosed every year with breast cancer than conlnlCt the 
AIDS virus, yet AIDS garners the most interest. 

Five times as much is spent on AIDS 'research than on 
cancer research, although five times as many people die of 
cancer. 'Thequestion is, why can't Hollywood discover some 
of the other problems confronting the nation, besides those 
that are into vogue and mUSler the most pUblicity? 

Recently, Empower America, the Heritage Foundation 

bipling of the percentage of children living in 
single parent homes and a 200 percent increase in the teenage 
suicide rate. 

These critical social developments have to be coming 
from something much deeper than mere lack of material 
goods, as these statistics show . 

The first response among many liberals and students i 
that we obviously need more education. The accepted wi -
dom is that education spending was relentlessly assaulted 
during the Reagan era. However. spending per student 
e)(ploded from $2,035 in I 960 to $5,247 in I 990 (also in 1990 

See RIGHTS, Page 5 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

WATSON DESERVES RESPECT FROM CRITICS 
Editor: 

As a recently disillusioned student 
at this institution, it amazes me how 
much of the public criticism which 
confronts Vice Chancellor Watson is 
racially motivated. I do not claim to 
speak for Dr. Watson in this rebuttal 
of prejudice, but I hope to directly 
confront those who doubt his merit as 
an administrator of this elite univer-
sity. The catalyst for this rebuttal is 
the random finding of one of the "Re-
ward $37.50" posters which are plas-
tered across campus. 

It is not the poster to which I 
object, but it is the crippling com-
ments which several individuals 
smeared upon it which I challenge. I 
quote these individuals by writing, 
"No more race preference faculty hir-
ing! Look What We Get!" "Without 
• Affmnative Action' this incompe-
tent ninny would behaulinggarbage!" 
and finally, "Kill the Bastard." The 
weak claim that affinnative action 
places incompetent minorities in un-
deserved positions of power could 
not be better disproved by anyone's 
career than that of Dr.] oseph Watson. 
The racist assumptions cited above 
are entirely invalid. 

The bulky resume of Dr. Watson 
counters all attacks of "race prefer-
ence faculty hiring" in its length and 
substance. Dr. Watson was a member 
of the UCSD chemistry faculty be-
fore he ever envisioned being an ad-
ministratoratthis university. In 1966, 
he received his Ph.D. in organic chem-
istry from UCLA with the thesis Acid 
Hydrolysis of Charged and Un-
charged Aceramides and Lysidine. 
Furthering his knowledge in the field 
of Chemistry, he received his 
postdoctoral degree from UCLA in 
1966. 

Emulating the careers of the most 
powerful administrators on Ihis cam-
pus, Watson worked himself up the 
ladder of influential positions, begin-
ning at assistant professor in the Chem-
istry Department, on to full professor-
ship. He then became the first provost 
of Third College in 1970. Watson 
then went on to attend Ihe Harvard 
University Institute of Educational 
Management-Executive Develop-

CULTURE: We 
need more than ribbons 
to solve our problems 
Continued from page 4 
dollars). 

During the same period SAT scores 
have dropped 80 points. Among the top 
problems listed by teachers are drug 
abuse, alcohol abuse, pregnancy, sui-
cide, rape. robbery and assault. This is a 

. far cry from talking out of tum or run-
ning in the hallways. two of the major 
problems that plagued schools in the 
'40s. 

These statistics are especially rel-
evant to university students. Something 
is wrong in America, and it is not just 
simply raci m, sexism, homophobia, 
lack of money or the oppressive forces 
of a white conspiracy. 

True compassion demands th~t one 
look more deeply than the accepted 
wisdom of the campus to solve the 
problems in America. In fact, if racism 
were the only problem, what is wrong 
with American culture would be much 
easier to solve. 

TIlese problems are not limited to 
the inner city. which indicates some-
thing beyond mere poveny. TIle qua-
drupling of juvenile arrests is not just 
"disadvantaged minority youth in ur-
ban areas," according to the Federal 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Gu_ ... _. leaers from ft. re/lders. We 
re_ 1110 ri#l1 10 edit for ia'YIIfl and ciariCY. !W>d aN 
leaers 10: 

Tl1eGUIIdian 
~EdlOf 

9SOO Gilm/lll Dr. 0316 
UJ )0' •. CA 920930016 

ment Program in 1983, after he was 
appointed Vice Chancellor of Stu-
dent Affairs in 1981. Watson's 
achievements are none that could be 
bestowed upon an unqualified per-
son, but could have only been eamed 
through intelligence, diligence and 
integrity. 

I cannot persuade anyone who has 
been programmed with racist atti-
tudes that a black man will ever be 
able to earn and deseIVe a position of 
authority in our society. But rather 
than leaning upon the broken crutch 
of"affmoative action" accusations to 
shelter your conscience, havethecour-
age to make your charges clear. 

In this case of Vice Chancellor 
Watson, one can easily oppose his 
decision without questioning whether 
he is qualified for his position based 
upon his race. It is here that r close 
with the opinion that factions of this 
university are equally opposed to ac-
cepting the rightful authority of a 
black man, as they are to the decisions 
he renders. 

Kathleen Stamper 

UCRStudent 
Wants Retlaction 
Editor: 

As a student at the University of 
California, Riverside, I am appalled 
and offended by the Guardian which 
blatantly criticized UCR (April I). 
Numerous UCR students have read 
copies of the article, and they are 

Bureau of lnvestigation, but includes 
"all races, all social classes and 
lifestyles." In fact. one need not go far 
from UC San Diego to find the Spur 
Posse, a group of white high school 
boys who counted their sexual con-
quests on a point system which included 
girls as yOWlg as \0 years old. 

The imponance of culture is clear. 
Man has something beyond just a mate-
rial aspect. Without the proper care, the 
spiritual, moral and emotional pan of 
the citizen can become sick. 

Hollywood. although not the sole 
force, represents one of the most power-

fu� culture defining institutions in 
America. And yet the messages coming 
out of Hollywood are increasingly vio-
lent and se)(uaJly explicit. 

In movies and television programs, . 
women are portrayed as objects. The 
best acting roles involve the psycho-
pathic or the morbid. This is not to say 
that everything should be perfect. But 
when Hollywood puts on those little red 
ribbons foritspetcauseof AIDS aware-
ness, they are hoping to set an example. 

UnfoltUl1ately. this example does 
not compare in [my way with the im-
mense influence their perfonnances 
have. America is not setting an e)(wnple 
for the YOllng, or the old for that matter, 
of those values and ideas which make a 
people great. As these leading cultur'J.! 
indicators show, we betray not only 

equally outraged by the Guardian's 
arrogant disrespect. Why did the 
Guardian choose to put,down a fel-
low member of the UC system? 
Doesn't the Guardian realize that an 
attack against one UC school serves 
to weaken the entire UC system? 

First of all. UCR is a much more 
effective university than UCSD be-
cause our campus size is conducive to 
intensive instruction. While UCSD 
students receive an impersonal wa-
tered-down education due to over-
sized classes, students at UCR enjoy 
personal interaction with professors. 
In fact, Ihe student-to-faculty ratio at 
UCR is much lower than that of 
UCSD. 

Second, there are several depart-
ments at UCR which have achieved 
national notoriety. Our Geoscience 
Department is recognized as one of 
the best institutions of seismic inves-
tigation in the nation. In addition, 
UCR's Biomedical Department is so 
prestigious that a special UCR-UCLA 
program was established in order to 
further research and development. 
Furthennore, our Botany, Environ-
mental Science, Political Science and 
English Departments have each at-
tained noteworthy recognition. 

Third, UCR is the only university 
in the United States that offers aPh.D. 
in dance! 

Finally, the Press Enrerprise 
awarded UCR a "B+" in its annual 
rating of California universities. 
UCSD only received a "B" rating. 

I fmoly believe that it was in bad 
taste forthe Guardian to print such an 
irreverent article. The editor in chief 
of the Guardian showed both poor 
judgement and character in pennit-
ting his staff to attack a fellow Uni-
versity of California school. In the 
spirit of fair play, I suggest that the 
Guardian staff print a retraction of its 
April Fools story along with a sincere 
apology to the faculty and students of 
UCR. If the above action is not taken, 
I will be forced to bring this incident 
to the attention of the chancellors of 
UCSD, UCR and the Board of Re-
gents. The UCRcommunity demands 
respect! 

Mark Hardie 

those we intend to help by throwing 
money without talking about responsi-
bility and morals. but we ultimately 
twist America into a nighunare. And the 
solution is something that requires more 
than a ribbon. 

Thus, beyond this tokenism is needed 
an honest discussion about how to solve 
these problems. And that means a dis-
cussion that doesn't describe the gov-
ernmentand more funding as a panacea. 
Instead of helping, government has, i.l 
many cases, added to these problems. 
One new solution is to give people more 
responsibility over their own lives. 

The Index of Leading CultllralJruli-
calOrs suggests many solutions-merit 
pay for teachers, national standards for 
schools and students and a strong core 
cuniculum. It also proposes a refonn of 
the welfare system to encourage fami-
lies to stay together and which requires 
older mothers and dependents to e)(-
change community seIVice for benefits. 
Remove major obstacles for adoption. 
as well as increasing personal depen-
dent e)(emption from $2,300 to $7,<XXl 
dollars 10 support families. 

Most of all. there needs to be a 
change in Holly ... voodand other influen-
tial areas of our culture to emphasize 
honesty, tolerance, compassion, respect 
for legitimate authority, self-control and 
discipline. Forthese things. perhaps even 
I would wear a ribbon. 

From 3-6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID h Ii 
Two complele dinners for only 
$9.90 with student ID 
000cI1hru 6/31)/93 foot 112 

OPINION 5 

OLD TOWN / SAN DIEGO • 298 · 0133 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
Mo~~~FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Self Service storage at lowest rates 5 X 7 • $24 
$ot8 TOTAL RENT FOR 311011THS 

Pay for 2 months, get the 
3rd MONTH FREE 

9780 Candida St. 566·3881 

~i-nl1.ftr J s ~~_ 
_""""~""~' btn d,wu,. 

5538 La Jolla Blvd. • Bird Rock 

Complete Line of 5wlmwear 
Separates 

Action Wear 
over 30 brands 

Summer hours 10-7 551-1004 
- - -DISCOUNT COUPONi 
150,L. Good on I 7'0 any purchase : 

L.!:arkins ~rea~ ___ [_xp .!../~9_.3~_ 

8780 CANDIDA ST.-

_IIi1.~ 
SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" YAIUMONO Ja pane.e • Food 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 Regents Rd. (Vans Shoppillg Cenler) 
Take 0\11 "",i1QbIe. w. oIso ofI.r COloring seMCes. 452-4255 

L HOUItS: 11 :30 _9 pm jMon.·Thun.I, 11 :30 _10 pm (Fr. & SaI.I. 5-9 pm Sundays .J 
--------------------



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 29, 1993 

PB BLONDE • SUNSET RED • OTL STOUT • HIGHLANDER SCOTCH ALE • INDIA PALE > 
r" 

• m MARSHALL: featuring excerpts from the award-winning documentary. "Thurgood 
Marshall: The tyfan." The clips 
showcased parts of Marshall 's life 
and early career as an attorney, fo-
cusing on his effolts to fight segre-
gation and bring equal status and 
opportunities to African-Americans. 

« 

0 
Z 

-
• 
E-< 

~ 
0 
E-< 

00 

Z 
:; 

~ 
E-< 
« 
....l 
0 
u 
0 
:t 
U 
• 
E-< 

~ 
o 
E-< 

00 
,....l 
f-4 
o 

WEDNESDAY SPECIAL 
STEIN NIGHT 

:t.; 

I .. ; ......... ~ 
, 

-~ 

Buy our logoed Stein for 
$5 full, and every Wednesday 

thereafter, we'll fill your 
stein with BEER ALL NIGHT 
for $2 PER REFILL! 
EtJery Wednesda), 7 pm-close 

$1 BEER THURSDAYS 
• AIIIO-oz. microbrewed $100 beers (after 7 pm) 
• Remember all $1.00 beers are 

NOT THE SAME 

• 
(JJ 
--l 
::= 
> 

~ 
til 
m 
::= 

" >< 
tP 
r" 
o 
Z 
o 
m 

• 

en 
c: 
z 
Vl 
m 
--l 
:;d 
m 
o 

• 
o 

SUNDAY t-3 
r 

COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT (JJ 
• ALL PIZZAS $5~a~h g 
• All 48-0%. PITCHERS --l 

(after 5 pm) • 
;; 

• Try the THAI CHICKEN PIZZA! • 

4475 Mission Blvd. 
comer of Mission & Gamet • SeaCoast Square 

FREE PARKING off of Homblend S[. 

Cl 
:I: 
r" 
> 
Z 
o 
m 
::= 
en 

- n 
o 
--l 
n 

Third hosts forum on 
deceased justice 
ContInued from pace 1 

"[Marshall] exhibited under-
standing and empathy for the poor, 
minorities and anyone who is pow-
erless anddiscriminatedagainsl. His 
work was very important for Ameri-
can society," Alexander said. 

She added that his effom to end 
discrepancies in the legal system, 
such a<: the disproportionate num-
berof death penalty sentences gi ven 
.to African-American prisoners, 
demonstrated Marshall's dedication 
to the pursuit of equal justice. 

"He was the only justice who 
was a great person before his ap-
pointment to the Supreme Court," 
Alexander said. 

"What hedid with his gifts within 
his 60 years of service was a tower 
of achievement. Renaming Third 
College would be an example of 
continuing his work," he said. 

UCSD Political Science Profes-
sor Peter Irons was master of cer-
emonies and coordinator of the pro-
gram. 

He said that he hoped the pro-
gram would not only help educate 
people about Marshall's career and 
achievements, but also help every-
one appreciate the influence that 
Marshall has had on the political 
and legal development of the United 
States_ 

"No other person has done more 
for equality and justice. He held 
those in authority to the standard of 
doing the right thing for the people 
of this country," Irons said. 

The second part of the program 
featured a reenactment of the 1954 
Supreme Court case Brown v. To-
peka Board of Educarion. in which 
Marshall successfully argued forthe 
desegregation of public schools. 

The third ponion included the 
first public airing of "War Against 
the Constitution," the actual oral 
argument made by Marshall in 1957 
in a Little Rock, Arkansas school 
desegregation case. 

The audiotape accompanied a 
lide show featuring a montage of 

pictures showing the desegregation 
of the city's Central High School 
and the tumultuous response gener-
ated by Marshall's legal victory. 

Two UCSD students, Muir se-
nior Ann Crady and Third junior 
Jennifer Grebow, helped organize 
the forum for a research project they 
were conducting fortheir"Research 
199" class. They hoped the forum 
educated students about Marshall's 
life and served as a source of inspi-
ration. 

"I hope the forum and the renam-
i ng gi ve the idea of what he stood for 
and the principles he embodied," 
Crady said . 

• Gl'H .LaSNOS • aaNolg gd • aaNolg • ,I1V a 1.'\7' d VIaNI • ny :I: The forum opened with a video 

The effort to rename Third Col-
lege has been endor ed by the 111ird 
College Executive Committee, the 
UCSD Naming Committee and the 
UCSD Faculty Senate. The final 
approval from the UC Regents is 
expected in May. 

UCSB 
SUMlMER SESSIONS 

June 21 - July 30 

ATTENTION 
UC San Diego Students 

A Note from the 
UCSB Summer Sessions Director: 

Summer Sessions at UCSB offers an enriching 
academic and cultural experience. It is an ideal 
setting for making new friends and takingchalleng-
ing and intriguing courses. The classes are smaller, 
and the campus less crowded. 

Students fees have been kept down again this 
summer. Total fees foe the following loads are: 4 
units - $273, 8 units - $453, 12 units - $633. The 
Application fee is separate. We are offering over 
300 courses in all disciplines in undergraduate and 
graduate level courses. 

Visiting faculty from Hungary, England, Mexico, 
Scotland, the West Indies and other states of the 
Union, will be teaching courses in Anthropology, 

• 
June 21- July 30 (Six-weeks) 

Foreign Languages: German 14M (1-12) 
Japanese] 5, 35 (4-4) 
Portuguese 10, 20 (12-12) 

Mathematics 108 A-B (Intro. Lin . AIg.) (4-4) 
Chemistry 6A-B (Lab. Meths. Org_ Chern.) (2-2) 

• June 21- August 20 (Nine-weeks) 
Constitutes the first full year of studies: 

Chemistry - Organic Chemistry 8A-B-C (3-3-3) 
Foreign Languages - Italian 1, 2, 3 (4-4-4) 

Russian 1,2,3 (4-4-4) 
Spanish 155,255,355 (4-4-4) 

• June 21- August '1:7 (Ten-weeks) 
Constitutes the first full year of study: 

Foreign Language: French 1,2,3 (4-4-4) 

• Portuguese Institute 
Offering courses from beginning and intermediate Portuguese 
language to upper-<livision Brazilian and Portuguese Literature 
and Cultures. Students may reside in the Portuguese House in 
Isla Vista and will have the opportunity to partiCipate in addi-
tional cultural and athletic activities. Scholarships are available 
to qualified applicants. 

( Application Deadlines:) 
AprilS to May 5 Early Application Period $30 
May 6 to June 13 Regular Application Period $45 
June 14 to June 18 Late Application Period $60 

Black Studies, ChemiStry, English, Geological Sci- ,-----------------------, 
ences, History, Mathematics, Sociology, Spanish, For free CatalQ~/ApplicatioQ contact: 
and Portuguese. UCSB Summer Sessions, Dept SO 

Summer Sessions is a self-supporting academic Santa Barbara, CA 93106-2010 
unitand does not receive financial support from the (805) 893-2047 
State of California. 

• SPECIAL COURSES OF INTEREST 
(Al l .... four-unit courses) 

Of Cumpt lutemt 
Black Studies 50 • Blacks in the Media 
lnatNdor. Otis Madison. Lecturer in Summer SHsion 

F'-.Jm Studies 150CF. Cult Films 
1n51n1ctor. Frank M«:CXU1OlI. Prof....,r, English 

Religious Studies 134 • Religion & Violence 
In~tructor. Richard Hecht. Professor, Re:ligiou! Studies 

Sociology 176A - Sociology or AIDS 
Instnactor. Diane WY8OCId , Auoaale lD Sociology 

EnyjrolllDCpta! Issues 
Env. St. 115 - Energy & the Environment 
InftNdor: Melvyn ManaJ., Lect urer in Summer Sessioo 

Env. SL 1:ZO - Toxies In the Environment 
In_r. J. Robert Hath.ri1I. Lectu~r in Summer Sneion 
Env. St. In . Wolfd Popolation & Food Supply 
InMnKton ManueodlI Kuod •• Leclwn in Summer SeMioo 

Geo. Sci. 107SS • Societal Problmu of Eneru 
_" yert Mondra. Vloidnl "'0_. SF. S .... UDivo,"ily 
CuUur·l!ntc·nt 
Asian AllIer. St. 1 - Compo Asian Amer. History 
In.tnKtor. Jeanoie Kim. AIIoda~ In Aaian Amrrlcan Sludirl 
Anthro. 136 - Peoples A: CuIt.res 01 the PadIIc 
Inalnador: E'-'8""" Ogan. Prof ....... Unlo.nlty of MInn""," 

Anthro. 142 - Peoples" Cultures 01 India 
Inllnador: P",m Saran. Auodale In Anthropology 
History 168B - History of the ChIc_ 
In._r: Mario Garda. ProIoNor. HioIooy 

Of Speci.l Intcrest .boot Women 
Black Studies 127 - Blac:k Women Writers 
lnalnKtor. Helen Pyne-TlJrothy. Unio. oIihe West Indies 

History 117C - Women, the Family, and Sexuality 
in the Middle Ages 

In.tnKtor. snaroo Farmer, As8oc;iate Prof650r, History 

Sociology 155A · Women in American Society 
1na.tr\K't()r; Pra.ncll Mooltll. Anodalle, Sodoqy 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • APR I L 29, 1 9 9 3 

Photo ~ 01 WIIlda T .... ~",...., 

Matt .... Henenon, Laurie w.ams and SIlas Weir Mitchel play distl'aulht teens In Stu.1 Ostfeld's play "Outside Down." 

H World Turned 
Outside Down 

. Play penned by 
graduate student 
Stuart Ostfeld smells 
like teen angst 

• 

M,CH .. ';L SCHWARTZ 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

S ing/es meets The Crying Game this week as the UCSD Theatre Department presents the world-premiere production of "Outside Down" in the Mandell Weiss Forum. 
The plot is simple enough. Set in the Pacific Northwest, a teenager is summoned to 

speak to the girlfriend of his older bromer, Randy. The catch is that Randy drives his 
car into a wall and kills himself before this incident takes place. The play then becomes 
a high-impact, non-stop ride through disillusionment and primal emotions. 

"It's really about the anguish of needing a means of expression and not having one 
readily available," said graduate studentplaywrightStuartOstfeld. "They're both very 
messed up. They haven't grieved successfully and are in a bad emotional and physical 
condition. They do a lot of drugs and a lot of the play is about them saving each other." 

The self -desbuctive paths taken by young adults today are examined with a dose of 
comedy and concern. OStfeld, a Seattle native and graduate from the University of 
Washington, equates the attitude in the Northwest in the '90s to that in San Francisco 
in the '60s. 

"It's become a cultural thing: flannel shirt tied around the waist and a pair of Doc 
Martens," Ostfeld said. '''The play's about teenagers ... more the metal crowd." 

After kicking the idea around in his head for several years, Ostfeld has concentrated 
on the writing of this play since finishing last year's undergraduate comedy "Can't 
Catch the Moon." This script selVes as the master's thesis for his Master of Fine Arts 
degree. 

See OUTSIDE, page H2 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian 

OUTSIDE: 
Demons exorcised 
ContInued from PIP H 1 

''I'm trying to deal with some 
stuff I've been carrying with me for 
a long time," admits Ostfeld. "This 
play is totally based on an e)(peri-
ence that happened to me. [' m trying 
to exorcise some of my own de-
mons." 

The complex creation process for 
a new play is different for every 
playwright. Ostfeld begins his work 
by writing scenes without concern 
for chronology. After deciding what 
the characters are saying to each 
other, a first draft links together the 
intriguing moments. 

11Ie rehearsal process involves 
rewrite after rewrite as the actors and 
director work intensely on the play 
with the playwright in attendance. 
The play that the audience will see 
performed this week is in its (ap-
pro)(imately) sixth draft. 

"What's amazing is that for every 
page performed, two pages got cut 
somewhere along the way. It's close 
to done now. I'm pretty happy with 
it," Ostfeld said. 

The cast of first-year graduate 
students is under the direction of 
New Yo~r Robert Bailey. Bailey 
has extensive experience with the 
genesis of new plays and is the win-
nerofthe 1985 DramalogueAward 
for his work onlohn Bishop's "Bor-
derline." He also directed the New 
York production of UCSD faculty 
member Allan Havis' "Lilith." 

After finishing up his work at 
UCSD, Ostfeld plans to tap into the 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 

Dan McDowell~ 
stuart o.tfeId worked thl"OUlh six drafts of his latest play. 
screenwriting market in Los Ange-
les. However, he would much nlther 
stay in theater. 

"There's certainly no financial 
advantage to the theater. The pay-off 
is the live actor," Ostfeld said. "My 
whole approach as a playwright is to 
write material to be performed by 

live people." 
"Outside Down" plays tonight 

and Friday at 8 p.m., Saturday at 2 
and 8 p.m. and Sunday at 7 p.m. 
Tickets range from $6 to $12. For 
more information about tickets and 
showtimes, call the Mandell Weiss 
Box Office at 534-3793. 

CULPTOR & PERFORMANCE RTIST 

If f ,kbMUAL ~,hH'i 
lMCWiAe a",JI !3 ~ A 

tkD.J~ ",,",'-uk. 1'1.4o'~ 

This Sun oy. May 2nd • 7 pm • Mand. Recital Hall 
~ U(SD Box Office • 534-6467 ~ 
,... Presented by Uniftnily Events Office with wpport from the Calaomia Art (ouncil. 
-- MASKS & MAGIC: A WORKSHOP --
Learn to c:ast and maid, dec:arate, and pose a theatrlc:al image_ 

May 1 st • Sat. • 2-5pm • Student Center Rm. 102 
call 534-2021 for more info 

INTRODUCES 

TIME 
MANAGEMENT 

With a huge variety of college-town services like 
"'_v .... 0..... Kinkos, Bank of America, De~'s 50 Minute Photo .. - ..... ~ .... 

and Say-On Drugs, to entertainment and fun from 
places like Sports 2001, TGIFridays, Music Plus 
and Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village has got you 
covered. So whether you're cramming for time or 
just need a study break, stop on by. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Goo~, 

1· 5 

lllATUS 3 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Apru 29,1993 

U p' e 0 Mil G to life by a friendly alien to com-bat an evil cosmic force. Shows 
are Thursdays and Fridays at 8 
p.m., Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m., 
Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets for 
students are $10-$13. Info: 234-
9853. 

TOO R Y 
Spike Lee's epic Malcolm X 
play at the Price Center The-
atre at 6:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets 
are $ I in advance and $2 the day 
of the show. Info: 534-6467. 

The Belly Up Tavern celebrates 
its 10th birthday with the Beat 
Farmers and Chastity 
Bono. The party starts at 9 p.m. 
and tickets are $9.50. Info: 481-
9022. 

Flutist John FonvUle and col-
leagues will perform in 
Mandeville 's Recital Hall at 8 
p.m. Admission is free. Info: 
534-3229. 

FRIORY 
The Committee for World De-
mocracy presents The .... , 
to Know and Taking Our 
Bodies Back as part of the 
Political Film Series. The films 
start at 7 p.m·. in Solis Lecture 
Hall 107. Admission is free. 

Drivin 'n' Cryin plays with 
openers Flowerhead and 
Uncle Joe's Big Ole Driver 
at Iguanas in Tijuana at 8:30 
p.m. Tickets are $12.50 in ad-
vance, $15 on the day of the 
show. Info: 278-T1XS. 

Dinosaur, Jr. plays with 

Gumba. at SOMA downtown 
at 8 p.m. Tickets for the show 
are $13. Info: 239-S0MA. 

Rand Steiger will coordinate 
a Music 20 1 concert at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville's Recital Hall. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-3229. 

SRTURDHY 
Kullitalle Arts, a group which 
plays the traditional music of the 
Southern Philippines, performs 
at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audito-
rium. Tickets are $8-$1 0 forstu-
dents. Info: 534-4090. 

A30-band, nine-and-a-half-hour 
concert will take place in the 
Starlight Bowl in Balboa Park. 
May Day Festival 1993 
features a variety of local bands 
and is scheduled to run from 
II :30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Tickets are 
$10 in advance, $12 at the door. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

SUNOHY 
Paper sculptor and perfonl1ance 
artist Sha Sha Higby per-
forms in Mandeville Recital Hall 
at 7 p.m. Tickets are $8-$10 for 
students. Info: 534-4090. 

Jane Rigler and Ellen 
Waterman perform a graduate 
flute recital at 8 p.m. in Erickson 
Hall. Admission is free. Info: 
534-3229. 

MOIOHY 
Former Boomtown Rat Bob 
GeIdof will perform a free con-
cert at the Belly Up in Solana 
Beach at 9 p.m. Line-ups start at 
7 p.m. Info: 481-9022. 

TUESOHY 
UCSD graduate music students 
will take part in a Performer'. 
Forum at Mandeville Recital 
Hall at 8 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-8226. 

The German film Winke/-
manns Reisen shows at 
MandevilleAuditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $4. Info: 
534-6467. 

NEOIESORY 
An Unclergraduate Music 
Forum will begin at 8 p.m. in 
Erickson Hall. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-8226. 

THERIER 
.....Weiss Forum: "Out-
side Down," the new play from 
the writer of last year's "Can't 
Catch the Moon," opens April 28 
andcontinues through May 2. The 
play, about a man's struggle with 
the violent death of a brother, 
shows at 8 p.m. Wednesday 
through Friday, Saturday at 2 and 
8 p.m. and Sunday at 7 p.m. Tick-
ets are $6 for students. Info: 534-
4574. 

San DIego Repertory the-
atre: "Always ... Patsyaine," 
is extended through May 2. The 
show features 17 Patsy aine tunes. 
Performances are at 8 p.m. Tues-
day through Saturday and Sun-
days at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets are 
$18-$24. Info: 235-8025. 

Blackfriars Theatre: "The 
Unseen Hand," by Sam Shepard, 
runs through May 23 at the Hahn 
Cosmopolitan · Theatre in the 
Gaslamp District. The play con-
cerns three bandits brought back 

GHLLERIES 
Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "F1orGarduiio: Witnesses 
of Time," an exhibition of 100 
black and white photographs of 
native peoples from places such 
as Mexico and Peru. The museum 
is open daily from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Admission i $3. Info: 239-
5262. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La Frontera/fhe Border: 
Art about the MexicolUnited 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in painting, sculpture, pho-
tography, installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541. 

Mandevl" G .. ry: "Conrad 
Atkinson: Selected Works" fea-
tures the work of the British artist 
who combines politics and popu-
larculture. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sun-
day. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2860. 

GroveGaIery: "VerdictL.A." 
run throughlune 5. Gallery hours 
are Tuesday through Friday, 10to 
5 p.m. and Saturday 10 to 2 p.m. 
Info: 534-2021. 

r----- ~----------------, 

IF YOU CAN, 
AFFORD TO TRAVEL, 

OIN THE CLUB. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~------

2TANs$1: : 
One for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days ~~ I I 
Wolff 6ed5 • Facial T aTlere I I Somo"'-..w 

____ ~~~dm~~?~l _____ .J 
r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
II Guaranteed ... $48 ~ /lost inches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
I -Mindy, San Diego I Lose at least 6" or you don't pay! 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I GOlDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla P~ Lorna Hlilcre!lt I 

. _n Youth Hostels 
Alllen~' 

..... "" 
O~ 1 68 

Traveling doesn't have to mean snobby hotels that cost $200 a night . With 
a Hostelling lnternational card you can stay in Paris for just $16, New York for 
$19 or Tokyo for $23. Hostels even offer special discounts on everything from 
museum fees and ski lifts to air, rail and ferry tickets. Plus they have fully 
equipped do-it-yourself kitchens, which not only save you money but also are 
greai lor meeting fellow world travelers. So if you're looking for a less expensive 
way to travel, join the club. Call 619-338.9983 

HOSTEWNG INTERNATIONAL A 
or write to: 

American Youth Hostels 
335 West Beech Street 
San Diego, CA 92101 

HOS1UUNG 
II'ITEIINAllONAL· 

I PERFECT TAN 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 
I 3251 Holiday C~. EI T · Pacific 6each MI!l!lIOl1 Valley State College I ~55:g00cgeet rom onto 581-9060 542-0391 697-8014 

~ ________ ==~~..w~~-~ _______ _ .J. 

Mother s Day Basket 
Order May 3-8 Mother's day is May 9 

$24.75 
GihiDcludes 
UCSD Mom 
T-lhirt, Mug, 
Keychain, 
Wicker basket, 
GiflWrap and Shipping 

ClUtom bOJ/keu auo available 

$47.70 
Gift includes 
UCSDMom 
Sweatshirt, 

Mug,Keychain, 
Wicker basket, 

GiflWrap and Shipping 

UCSD Bookstore gifts and clothing 534-8530 



84 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREEPREGNANCYTESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate rest Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthe_) 

~~TJ.m~~M'-E 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Aldmeda 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St 
1714) 851-1201 

fii/i7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

GUARDIAN/KOALA SOFTBALL Sat, May 1, 11 a.m., Third Field 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
Choose from two sessions: 
June 28-June 30 or 
August 2-September 3. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department 
will be offered. Catalogs are 
avadable now. For your fr .. copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, 
UCSD Extension Com~ex, Building 
A, Monday through Friday, 
8 a.m. -4:30 p.m., or phone 
534-4364. 

UCSD Theatre 1992·93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Spring Productions 

Outside Down 
a new play by Stuart Ostfeld 
An emotionally charged, sometimes 
wildly fanciful play 
April 28-30 at 8pm 
May 1 at 2pm & 8pm 
May 2 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

Ellen Universe 
Joins the Band 
by David Rush 

--..., 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

A memory play of a young woman searching 
for the meaning of life 
May 19-21 at 8pm 
May 22 at 2pm & 8pm 
May 23 at 7pm 

TICKETS ARE $6 FOR STUDENTS. 
(a:T 5 TH'KETS FOR $20 

WITH TilE CCSD TIIEATRE CARD. 
CALL FOR I)I':TAILS, 5J~-~57~. 
\Ltndcll \Vl'I~S Thcatrl' Bo, Office 

THE T RADrr/ONAL & CONTEMPORARY ARTISTRY OF SAN FRANCISCO'S 

:]{ome of tfit WorU{s 
:Fine.st youmut Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday-Thursday 6 am-II pm 
• Friday 6 am-midnighl 

• SalUrday 7:30 am·midnighl 
• Sunday 8 am- t I pm r-------, 

: FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I When you buy one of ~u31 or crt::uer \'wuc. -I 

OnepercllSlOOlCT. E,p $"3·93 

-------

"USING THE ARTS TO (REATE A VOICE" 
WITH ALLELUIA PANIS: 

IIULINTANG ARTS EXECUTIVE. ARTISTIC DIIIECTORlCHOREOGIlAPH ER 
F RI DAY· APRIL10 • 4PM • PRICE CENTE R GALLE RY A 

MESMERIZING RHYTHMS' MELOPIES 
OF ANCIENT GoNGS' DRUMS UNmp 

WITH SAXOPHONE. SYNTHESIZERS' FLVTE ... 
TI~Lm DANCES OF SoVTHERN PILlPINOS yn 

CONTEMPORARY. ENTERTAINING ,AVTHENTIC ... 

MAY 1 · SATURDAY' 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 

UCSD BOX OFFICE ~ 
534-6467 .;e,..!.!.!-}'i •• 

~ rlllSINTIP.V U'SP UN'VIIlIITT 1'''lNTJ OfFICI AHO _ .. IC.ot_ ".L'PlNDWITH .."...,..., ...... • __ • FUNP, ""oY' PID ..,-nft C:ALlFOIlNIA AliT' C:OUNC:ll. 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 

BRIANK. 

HUT11J 
Tune in for 
NBA Playoffs 

Marching through scratches, 
scrapes, bruises and breaks, the 
seemingly endless NBA 82-game 
eternity of a season has come and gone, 
and the second season, the one that 
most fans actuaUy watch for more than 
the 25 seconds it takes to discover 
"who's up," is about to begin. Thank 
God. 

How many people actually watch 
mid-season NBA games for more than 
agmnd total of five minutes? Sure, 
you're cruising through the channels, 
traveling downward from the always 
hilarious and just-ended Mystery 
Science Theatre 3000, and lo-and-
behold, TNT is featuring a headline 
match-up between the Hawks and the 
Heat. 

Whoa! A bambumer of a game that 
you just can't pass up ... 

Yeah, whatever. We all do the same 
thing: wait a few minutes. watch 'Nique 
do some incredible behind the back, 
double clutch, under-the-Iegs, 360 slam 
with his eyes closed and briefly check 
out the score. Six minutes later you're 
wondering why Worfs head looks like 
your latest road kill and why Captain 
Picard doesn't bag as many babes as 
Kirk did in his days of glory. 

It is not until the playoffs begin [hal 
the NBA tfilly gmbs my anemion. The 
participating teams' intensity level 
cmapults to new heights and fans stan 
to emerge from the woodwork. 

Coaches, with the exception of Don 
Nelson's Golden State Warriors (a no-
show this go around), actually start 
making their players play defense. With 
testosterone racing through a player's 
body like Secretariat at the '67 Derby, 
some games more closely resemble a 
hockey match than a basketball game. 

Who cares thar just about any team 
with a pulse left at the end of the season 
makes the playoffs? It matters not that 
,the tooth-and-nail race for the fmal 
playoff pots are usually between teams 
at or barely above .500, and the winner 
gets the not-so-distinct honor of facing 
the Suns, Knicks or Bulls. 

The teanls 'Just lucky to be there" 
usually take the big wigs for a rough 
ride before bowing out in the first 
round. 

In no particular divisional order, I 
see the Clippers giving the Rockets fits, 
especially with Houston 's loss of starter 
Vemon Maxwell. 

Atlanta will pry one game out of the 
Bulls, before Jordan starts the charge. 
Chuck Daly's Nets should at least 
challenge the Cavaliers. Phoenix will 
damage the Lakers more than any 
makeshift jury decision could and 
Indiana's best game lies with Bobby 
Knight: New York in three. 

Charlotte will beat the Irish out of 
Boston, Utah should upset Seattle and 
San Antonio will be a spur in the 
Trailblazers' side. 

Who's gorma win it all? Who 
cares? The hype, the intensity, the 
reasonable excuse not to study: can you 
ask for more? All right: New York over 
Phoenix in six. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dan McDowell/Guam/an 
Starter Mark Hartmann had a rough outing against Menlo. 

Tritons Crush 
Crusaders, 8-1 
W lENNIS: UCSD finishes regular season with win 
By Bree Segel 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's tennis 
team captured an 8-1 winonTues-
day when they faced off against 
Point Lorna Nazarene College. 

Robyn lnaba, a four-year vet-
eran for the Tritons, played her 
last home match and stole the 
stage one last time with an im-
pre ive doubles win, 6-1, 6-1. 
"Our (earn is coming together. 

Our goal yesterday [against Point 
Lorna] was to play aggres ive (ennis. 
It was a good opportunity for us to be 
the more offensive players," Inaba 
said. 

The NCAA Division ill National 
Championships are scheduled for May 
11 - 17 in Northfield, Minnesota,leav-
ing only two weeks of practice before 
nationals. "When you get down to the 
champion hips and you're talking 

See W. TENNIS, Page 11 

A Rough Road For UCSD 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball 
team ended its 1992-93 season with 
a three game loss at Stanford Uni-
versity on Saturday night, 15-2, 15-
3,15-2. 

Although the team ended the 
season with a defeat, the Tritons had 

a season marked 
by comptetive-
ness, cohesive-
ness, and above 
all, learning. 

UCSD en-
tered the season 
as a new recru it 
of the Mountain 
Pacific Sports 
Federation. The 

Federation includes all of the na-
tional powerhouses of Division I 
volleyball, such as Stanford, USC, 

UCLA, and Pepperdine. 
The squad began the year slowly, 

dropping most of its matches in three 
straight games. 

As the season progressed. the Tri-
tons played better volleyball, and were 
was no longer push-overs fortheir Divi-
sion I rivals. 

UCSD won two of three matches 
near the end of the year, when they 
defeated the University of La Verne and 
UC Irvine. At this point, the Tritons 
were playing their best voUeyball. 

Tom Black, who red-shirted with 
the team last year, said, ''The last three 
weeks [of the season] we played really 
well. We played more like a team, We 
improved every facet of our game." 

"We had good team chemisny and 
we were willing to improve. By the end 
of the year, we were a quality Division 
I team," he added. 

Black's outlook for next season i 

SPORTS 7 

Faltering UCSD 
Fading Fast 
BASEBAl.~ Tritons lose four in a row on Bay Area trip 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team con-
cluded a six-game, seven-day road 
trip with a stop in the Bay Area over 
the weekend, but the change of scen-
ery could do nothing to change the 
Tritons' recent woes. UCSD (13-17-
I) lost all six games on the trip, virtu-
ally eliminating any hopes for a play-
off berth. 

After opening the trip with losses 
at Point Lorna and Southern Califor-
nia College, the Tritons headed north 
to play a crucial three-game series 
with Division ill MenloColJege. With 
wins against the Oaks, "we literally 
could have put ourselves straight into 
the playoffs," Head Coach Lyle Yates 
said. 

Instead, Menlo swept the series, 
beating UCSD and starter Kurt 
Luhrsen, 8-5, on Saturday. Luhrsen 

went the distance. again, giving up 
four earned runs, but shoddy defense 
led to four runs in the seventh. 

Sunday's doubleheader saw Tri-
ton Mark Hartmann get knocked 
around for seven run in 5 l/J innings 
during the first game, while the UCSD 
offense could only muster three hits. 
Reliever Ben Mangan held Menlo to 
only one hit the rest of the way, but 
Menlo won, 7-0. 

Steve Height started the second 
game for UCSD, and pitched ex-
tremelywell. TheTritonsjumpedout 
to a 4-1 lead, with the help of a three-
filn blast off the bat of Chri Miyake, 
his third of the season. But a disas-
trous sixth inning propelled Menlo to 
victory, as the Oaks rallied for six 
unearned runs, each taning with two 
outs and nobody on ba e. A pair of 
Glenn Nahmias errors led to the out-

See BASEBAU, Page 11 

Jason R~chie/Guaralan 
Robyn Inaba triumphed In her doubles match, 6-1, 6-1 on Tuesday. 

Jason R~chie/Guan1ian 
UCSD'. Mitchell Yap 
very optimistic. "We will be solid. We 
have some good new recruits and ev-
eryone will be back. We're going to be 
very strong." 

The most imporUlllt asset for next 
season is that everyone on the roster this 
year will be there next year. The team is 
confidentthartheirexperiencewilIprove 
damaging to their foes. 

Occidental 
Manslaughter 
GOLF: Tritons trample 
Tigers by 82 strokes 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It wasn't so much a blowout as 
utter domination. The UCSD golf 
team defeated seemingly whatever 
schmoes just happened to be at 
Annandale Country Club masquer-
ading as the Occidental golf team on 
Monday by a team record 82 shots, 
305-387. 

The 6.418-yard, par 70 course was 
"very dffficult," according (0 Head 
Coach Mike Wydra. It didn't seem (0 
bother the Tritons very much, but 
Occidental seemed to be playing by 
an obscure club rule that required all 

See GOLF, Page 10 

The Week Ahead 
The Headline Matchup: Track & Reid hosts the Callfomla Collegiate Athletic Association Championships, Frlda~aturday, Triton Stadium. 

Other Games: Softball vs. Claremont College, Friday at 3 p.m., softball field . Baseball at'The Master's College, Saturday. Women's Water Polo at the Cal Open, Friday·Sunday, Berkeley. Crew at 
the Opening Day Regatta in Seattle, Saturday. 



8 SPORTS The UCSD Gua'rdian Thursday, April 29, 1993 

GURROIAN ~P~HT~ 
Spectator's Guide. Final Four Report ' .. F .... Four • UCSD (7-1) plays Stanford (6-2) 

Scturday at 10:00 a.m. 

The UCSD womens lacrosse team hosts 
the WCU Find F OUT this UX!ekend 

By Brian K. Hulto, StaffWriur 
Gregg Wrenn, Sports Editor 

ernbers of the UCSD women's lacrosse team have 
answered beckoning calls from distant tournaments 
all season, but with the Western Collegiate Lacrosse 
Ownpionships being held at UCSD this weekend, 
the Cardinal, Gauchos and Aggies alike will be forced 
to voyage into unchartered Triton-ruled waters in their 
quest for a title. 

Representing CaIifornia's southern section in this year's 
Western FInal Four are number-ooe seed UC San Diego (7-1) and 
number-two seed UC Santa Barbara (4-4). Top-seed UC Davis (9-
0) and second-seeded Stanford (6-2) carry the northern section's 
title hopes. 

Heading into the second season, UCSD Head Coach Diane 
Whipple will rely heavily on seniors Michelle Reiss, Monique 
Mikrut and the much-respected Triton defense. Injured stalting 
goalie Laurie Vanderhaak has worked closely with freslunan 
replacement Andrea Schechner in the cage, and a slower-paced 
set-up offense should take some of the pressure ofthe young 
freshman. Offensively, the Tritons will look to Loc Nguyen, who 
leads the team in both goal and assists. 

"Offense sells tickets, but def~ wins games," said Reiss. 
'This Final Four will have the fastest moving lacrosse in the state. 
Every team is very skilled in both catching and throwing," 

Saturday's 10:00 am game will feature Stanford squaring off 
against UCSD. The Cardinal's run-and-gun offense lives and dies 
by the fast break, so look for the Tritons to maintain a slow-
defined offense, constantly setting up and running plays from 
behind the net. 

Saturday's 3:30 p.m. game pits Davis against Santa Barbara. 
Both teams have strong passing skills, but Davis may be too 
skilled for last year's champion Gauchos to rope this round-up. 

"'The ball is in our court and it will be our choice what we do 
with it [We] can win it if [we] want it bad enough. Hopefully 
we'll pull it out," said Whipple. 

The consolation final will be held Sunday at 9:30 a.m. and the 
championship final will be at 11:30 a.m. 

The men's WelL Final Four will also be held at UCSD 
featuring schools from Division I and Division II. The men's 
games start Friday al I p.m. with the Division I semifina1s. 

Both the men 's and women 's games will take place on the 
North Campus Recreation fields. Tickets are $3 a day for students 
with ID or $8 for the entire weekend. 

DIe Women'."", 
• The women's team is composed of 12 players, 
including the goalie. The field itself has no official 
boundaries, but the referees can call a dead ball 
when play is stopped due to fences, etc. Unlikethe 
men'soffense, which is limited to six players inthe 

offensive half, the women have no limit. The 
UCSD team will usually put eight players in 
attack positions, with three defenders behind. 
Because they wear no pads, the game is less 
physical than men's lacrosse. 

• UC Davis (9-0) plays UCSB (44) 
Saturday at 3:30 p.m. 
• The consolation final is Sunday 
at 9:30 a.m. 
• The Championship is Sunday at 
11:30 a.m. 
• All games will be played at the 
North Campus fiel~s. 

the Tools of the a.ne 
• The men playa more physical 
game, requiring the players to 
wear protective equipment. 

• Shoulder pads 

Roger Kuo/ Guatr!i/Jfl 

the Sticks 
With the exception of the goalie 
stick, women use the same size 
stick. The men, however, use 
four different ones. 

• Defense: The long stick is 
used to poke 
check attack-
men. 

• Goal: Extra 
wide mouth to 
defend goal. 

• MIdIIeId: Lo~er than an attack stick 
since middies must get back on defense. 

• Attack: Normally the shortest sticks, the attack 
sticks are easier to control and harder to check. 

Renll Bruckner/Guardian 

Thursday! April 29, 1993 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Public? If 
so. call 587·7911. (1/4-613) 
INJURED? Classes missed? Make·up ex· 
ams? Compensation foryour interrupted dass 
schedule. injuries. lost wages, medical costs. 
Call the law oHices of Spencer Busby and 
Associates at 283·8000. (4119·5113) 
MOTHERS DAY Give mom the .1 GIFT in 
America. Name a STAR for her 714-283-
9114. (4/26-4/29) 

PANAMA DECEPTION. the film shown Sat· 
urday, May B at Cafe Cinema at 8 p.m .• $5. 
Academy Award for best documentary. See 
what even PBS refuses to air. 236·9575. (4/ 
29·5/6) 

12 Gauge Persuasion: Tues. May 4th. 9:00at 
Winston·s. Ocean Beach. (4129-5/3) 
Bicyclist Appreciation Day l Friday. May 7. 
1993. From 9:00 a m.· I I :30 a.m. at the Price 
Center walkway. Come and enjoy: free food 
and drinks. Iree bicyde reg istration at the 
UCSD Police Dept. 10:00 a.m .· 11 :00 a.m .: 
register to win prizes. and more! Sponsored 
by UCSD Transportation Alternatives. (4/29-
5/6) 

PROJECT COMPASSION. A community ef· 
lort in partnership wilh local organizations. 
businesses, Council· and Assemblypeople to 
collect lood lor the hundreds 01 children and 
families living in the Tijuana City Dump. The 
food will be an incentive for the children to 
regularly attend a school. and education will 
open doors for opportunities lor self-suffi· 
ciency. A school has already been built for 
these people. Please call 692·0238 to help. 
(4/29·516) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1.500 WEEKLY ma iling our 
circulars! ... Begin NOWI FREE packet! SEYS. 
Dept. 19. Box 4000 . Cordova. TN 38018· 
4000. (2111·4/29) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRtNG - EamS2.ooo+l 
month + world travel. Holiday. summer and 
career employment available. No experience 
necessary. For employment program call 1· 
206·634·0468 ext. C5976. (4112-4129) 

Children', day camp. In Agoura seek 
special. caring . fun peop le. General 
counselors & specialty instructors lor 
horseback riding. craNs. swimming. nature. 
drama. boatinglfishing . music. gymnastics & 
more! Great summer jobs! (818) 889·8383. 
{4/8·5I1 0) 

Hiring Today! Established local company 
needs 5 enthusiastic sports minded individuals 
lor part·time or full ·time positions starting at 
$12 per hour. Call 793·4473. (4/ 15·5/6) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! Many positions. 
Great benelits. Call I ·800·436·4365 ext. P-
3387. (4/15·5/10) 

SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Eam $12·$ I 4 P' 
hr. Dollun Swimming Lessons. Flex hours. all 
areas. call Greg. (619) 491 ·4837. (4119·5117) 
FINANCIAL PLANNER'S ASST . • Clienl 
screen ing. no selling. $6·$9!hour. Flexible 
shifts Sun·Thurs. evenings 6·9 p.m. Phone 
experience helplul! ContaC1 Susan orShariene 
at 484·5717. Western Financial Ptannlng. 
Solana Beach. (4/ 19·4/29) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT · Make 
$2,OOO+lmonth teaching basic conversational 
English abroad. Japan & Taiwan . No previous 
training required. For employment program 
call : (206) 632-1146 ext. J5976. (4119·5/6) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more infO/mation 
call534-5416.Maili ng address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA, topj1oO/~ 

Being Fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachers. Call 483·9294. Certification not 
required. (4/26·5/6) 

Camp Counselor: Roughing It Day Camp. 
Orinda. Group Counselor. horseback riding. 
waterfront. exper/rels. (51 0) 283-3795. (4/29) 

Do you have an eyo for fashion? Earn serious 
money and pay for your college tuition in your 
spare time. L.A .'s top modeling agency is 
looking for you to lind the next "Super Model.' 
Female scouts preferred. (21 3) 962·9564. (41 
29·5/3) 

Part· time safes/office help. Need responsible 
person for inside sales . data entry . 
appointment scheduling. misc. office work. 
Computer experience helpful. Flexible hours. 
minutes from campus. $7.50·$9 .75I11r. 457· 
1130 x212. (4129) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Public? If 
so. call 587·7911 . (1/4-613) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5.95. While 
you wait. Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germain·s. 452-9949. (1 /19-613) 

CLARITY SERVICES Edit ing : proolread-
ing. comments . Tutor ing: writing . En-
glish. math . Test preparation . Experi-
enced . reasonable . 294-4860/584·4708. 
(3/29 · 4/29) 

VlollnlVlola L.ssons. You or your child(ren) 
can learn Irom an experienced, professio~al 
teacher. Now accepting students - all ages 
and levels welcome ! Call Conrad. 466-0525_ 
(3/29·6I3) 

Need typinglword proceSSing done? Will do 
any size job, any type 01 job. I will also do 
editing il needed or wanted. Call Carol 481 · 
6364 evenings. (4/1 ·6/3) 

PHYSICS/MATH TUTOR. Masters in physics 
with TAexperience. $15I11r. 263-9444. (415 ·5/ 
6) 

Need money for college? Recorded message 
gives details . 221 ·2922. (4/12-4129 ) 

Lash tint. lac ia ls . waxing . acne treatment. 
Highest quality products . Parvaneh 's 
Skincare. 552-1174. 10% all with ad . (4/ 
12·5/13) 

TERM PAPERS! THESIS! RESUMES! 
Don't waste money & time at do-it· yourself 

ocenters. RELAX + let us do your word· 
processing. hall the cost. hall the time l 
Free pickup + delivery. (619) 292-8444 (24 
hrs.) (4/ 19·6/3) 

Cracked windshield? Repa ir now belore it 
spreads. Avoid costly replacement by calling 
GLASSAVERS today! Low student rale at 
$30. Free mobile service will repair at schoo l. 
home. or workplace. 436-4842. (4119·5!6) 
VIS ION TUTORING SERVICES. Specializes 
in Biology · Chem istry · Econ - Spanish. Low 
personalized orgrouprates. 793-9174. (4/19-
513) 
Money for College. Scholarships available 
regardless of GPA or parental income. 
Guaranteed results . For free inlormalion 
packet call (619) 688·2347. (4/22·5/6) 

UNDERGROUNDdancetunes-hOuselhip· 
hopl garagel tr iba l. KSDT'S Party Pack 
MOBILE DJ·s. 534·3673. (4129) 

WORD PROCESSING. Reports. manuscripts. 
theses. resumes. Any size or type 01 job. Top 
quality typing/word processing and editing. 
Laser printer. Call Kathy. 454·8167. (4129·5/ 
3) 

Have Word Brother processor: Will type thesis. 
manuscript. etc . In my home. Call 274·9500. 
Eileen. (4129) 

OJ LIGHTING SYSTEM for rent. Very 
impressive ... and CHEAP too . Includes 
soundllower, helicopter, 2 sets 01 can lights 
and fog machine . All lor $75/night. Free 
delivery/pickup. Pager 998·0003. (4/29·5/ 
3) 

WANTED 
GUARANTEED $400 Two student clubs 
needed for fall project. Your group 
GUARANTEED at least $400_00. Must call 
BEFORE END OF TERMI 1·800·932·0528. 
Ext. 99. (4122-4129) 

Individuals who suffer from headaches. To be 
induded in a drugless research study. Dr. 
Finley 452·2882. (4122·5/17) 
12 GAUGE PERSUASION is looking for 
serious keyboard player. Steady Gigs. funk! 
rock!b lues style. Call 625·7950. (4/29·5/ 
24) 

Needed: 1 actor! 1 actress for student film. 
Great script·must audition. Leave message 
225-9250. (4129·5/3) 

Healthy men and women ages 19 to 45 years 
old are needed to participate in a UCSD 
Medical Center study examining the eHeC1 of 
sound on the eyeblink reflex. Call 543·2494 
for inlormation. (4129) 

FOR SALE 

Honda Elite 80. white. 1986. New tires. 
reg istered. $650 o.b.o. Call 48 I -4355. (4119· 
513) 

LOW PRICE 3 112 disks lor sale. Ds/DD and 
DS/HD. Reliable and guaranteed. Call Patrick 
558·6536 . (4/19·4129) 

SURFBOARD and WETSUITS 5' 11 ' tri-fin 
surfboard: ONeill SIM lull and spring suit each 
$80 or both for $145: Bodyglove 213MM s/M 
full suit $50. Robert 587·8672. (4119·5I3) 

NEED TO SELL: 36'x48' drafting table $75: 
love seat $40 ; armchair $30: Asolo fu ll grain 
leather men 's hiking boots $65 size 7 ; 
Photography60 equipment:o .b .o. Call Robe" 
587·8672. (4119-513) 
Stereo/receiver. duat tape deck. h9h speed 
dubbing. phonograph. CD hookup. speakers. 
$50. Stuv. 452·6465. (4/22·516) 

Confidential Condoms l We oHer only the 
highest quatity latex condoms. Write for more 
Information. RC Distributors. PO Box 967. Del 
Mar. CA 92014. (4122-4129 ) 
Surfboard 6 '4- Local Motion thruster. Good 
condo good rides. $90.00. 452·3003. (4126·51 
3) 

White '86 HondaCRXHF. Xlntcond. 6O.000mi. 
$4.200.00 Drive it at 10789 Sorrento Valley 
Road (Pat's) . (4129) 

Honda Elite80. 1986. red. 6000 miles. Helmet. 
lock, permit included. $500. Call 587·0541 
Maureen. (4/26·516) 

FOR SALE. 1984 RABBIT. Manual . fuel 
injected. AlC. clean. runs good. 103K. all 
records. $1200 o.b.o .. 546·8716. (4126·5/10) 

1989 Honda Elite 50 Scooter . low miles. 
indudes helmet. $5OOI0.b.0. Call Paul 268· 
1182. (4126·5I3) 

12 String Acoustic Guitar Fender w/case. 
$200.00: like new monitors 100W $225.00 
pair. 452·3003. (4126·513) 
Honda Elite 80. 1985 great transportation! 
Red w/helmet. 6K miles. $695.00 o.b.o. 455· 
0494. (4/26·4/29) 

'66 MERCEDES 250 SE COUPE White w/ 
black leather interior. walnut dash/trim. 
Automatic. -straight six· cylinder. mechanical 
luel iniect ion. Air conditioning . Sunroof. 
Beautilul! Call lor appointment: 753·2106 or 
931 ·4096{w). (4126·516) 

Auci 5000 TLriJo Diesel. Autlmatic. AIC, surroof. 
leather inIerior. $1200. Cal 558-1724. (4129-513) 

14K diamond ring . 3.3 carats with parve . 
• F 1<,11:5 • COOL- T-5H /I<...TS • S TUDENT ART. Appraised $11.200.00. Sacrifice $6.000.00. 

1989 Black Ford Mustang Conv. LX. Auto . low 
miles, loaded. $75OO.oo/0.b.o. Call 450-2982. 
(4129) 

BED with box spring/stand - $SO. STUDY 
Table - $30. FLiPCHAIR - $20. All good 
condition - 457-4621 . (4129-513) fOr those 01 yov who need an excuse 

/Moflf (,000 £XCVS~S TO GO TO) 
. ~. 

::/1 PORTER'S 
~~ "'~N£5S SPfClALS!! 

~ L-____________ ~~~~ ________ ~ __ ~" 

• INDI AN ,l.PP~T/';;S!Z5 • ::A .... Ow Ie i-I E S 

Call 454-2089. (318-511) 
r 
< SEIZED CARS, trucks. boats. 4wheelers. 

motorhomes. by FBI , IRS. DEA. Available rn your area now. Call 1-800-436-04363 ext. C· 
7556. (4115·5/10) 

~ 
P';S $138· 
Munich $149* 

" 
V'lCIIni $149* 

-< Condon $IW 
I}\ Amsterdam $315· ~ ;~r.:,:;:!:~~ ~=p ('\ 
\i1 Studort ".M moy bo 1W!q .. 0!d_ 
• 

.. ,. ..... ", .. Nn. 
VI Council Travel Q 
c UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) ~ 451-0630 • 

S.COOTER: 1986 Honda Elite ISO. Iooks'runs 
good. $7SO or best. 490-1147. (4129·5120) 

SURFBOARDS. excellent to good condition. 
Water is warming up. you 're out there. Call 
Mike. 552·0920_ (4129-5/6) 

1986 Audi GT Coupe. white. SsP<!. AC. PS. P/ 
windows, PB, sunroof . electrical dual remote 
mirrors. AM/FM stereo. cruise. good tires. 
very clean. one owner. must see. negotiable. 
$3995. 759·0900. (4129) 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only . tnctude. new 
spark plup, set tlmlrnc. scope 
• .,ne, under hOod Check. 
Vans, s.. PILC englnel. platinum plugs extra. 

from 
Brake Special* $60 
C '" D Auto Car. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 

8660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Dlelo, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

• most cars 

CLASSIFIEDS 9 

TREK2300 '92 model. all original compon.nlll. 
Immaculate condition. 58cm lrame. call 455-

HOUSING 
Furnished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 bdr .• 1 
be .. balcony. 5825.00. 619·491-1196or714-
779'()540. (314-515) 

3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD available 
July or September. $1140/month. Nina 792· 
6453. (418-4129) 

FOR RENT: University City Playmor;$12SO.00 
3BR. 2_5BA: 1 5SO sq.N. condo ; all appiances: 
CLEAN & QUIET. July 1; 454-6462. (418·513) 
House for rent U.C. 5BD. 4BA. 3 singles 2 
doubles wlbaths . All appliances. Pool + spa. 
3000 sq.ft. Avail . mid·endJune for I yr. lease. 
Call Mike@ 558·7535_ Please leave message. 
(4/ 19·513) 

Part·time siller/companion for boy. 12. 
Private room. board. kitchen & laundry 
privileges. $50 weekly salary . Up to 20 hrs/ 
wk. Weekends & evenings : no daytime 
hours. Begin summerorlall. Undergraduate 
female nonsmoker. Car requi red . Del Mar. 
481 ·6 t1 5. (4/19·5/3) 

Female Roommate wanted. Own room. share 
bath . Solana Beach/Del Mar condo -
beachlront. W/D. 2 pools . 2 jacuzzi. tennis 

CIS .• gated. 481 ·9249. evenings. Ask forScott. 
Avai lable May 1! (4/29) 

Female roommate wanted. non·smoker. Own 
room. unfurnished. Mira Mesa house. $300/ 
mo. $300 dep. If interested. call 693· I 789 and 
please leave message. (4/26 -4129) 
Room 4 rent in La Jolla. NR MT Soledad. 
$SOO/mo inel all utilities. WID. Ocean View. 
Call 454·8577. (4126·4129) 
Available July 1 st. Own room. 5 min walk to 
UCSD. Pool . tennis. laundry. 455·9678. (41 
26·4/29) 

511 -5131 own room. pool. tennis . 5·minute 
walk UCSD (ditch that permitl) $300 incl 
utilities. 455-9678. (4/26·4/29) 

Female roommate wanted for summer. New 
quiet condo near Sorrento Valley. 10 min from 
UCSD. Own room. washer/dryer, pool. $300/ 
month + 113 utilities. Nonsmoker please. No 
pets. 558-1390. (4126·5/6) 

Perfect for summer sessions. Short walk to 
campus from La Jolla Terrace apartment. All 
appliances + I car garage. 2 bed. 1.25 bath. 
$875/mo. Ready 6/20_ Call Mark 558·8708. 
(4126·5/(3) 

FOR RENT. Studio in La Jolla. single or 
couple. own kitchen. own bathroom. Share 
whole house with large deck. ocean view. 3 
blocks Irom beach. close 10 UCSD. $620. 
551 ·0241. (4/26·4/29) 

Carmel Valley N/S Room $375. Share bath. 
$500 private bath + utilities . deposi t. Call481 · 
7449. (4126·4129) 

Condo lor Sale - Open Sunday 1 :30·4:00 
p.m. 3294 Via Alicante - walk UCSD . all 
areas. Great financing. 5% down I st time 
buyers. RelMAX Judith Haddox 275·2618 
anytime. (4/29) 

Roommate needed for summer! Own room in 
3 belrm condo UTC area. Available 6/13. 
Washer/dryer. pool. dishwasher. $278 + 113 
utilities. 587·2656. (4129·516) 

Master Bedroom Summer Sublet: Two people 
to share large bedroom with private bath and 
phone. Four bedroom house. large backyard. 
close to UCSD and beach. $320/month + 115 
utilities each. Call Cory or Tara at 558·2044. 
(4129·5/6) 

Summer Room For Rent. June·Sept. La 
Regencia- Regents@Vons. Pool, litness & 
weights. racquetball. spa. AlC, washer/dryer, 
garage parking. $3oo!mo. + 113 ut~s . Niall 
457-4878. (4/29·5/10) 

Charming Leucadia retreat. 2 BRI2 8A. 
Poolside gardens. Furnished. 8193·8194 . 
$1000 mo. 943·0703. (4129·5/ (7) 

La Jolla Colony: Non·smoking female to share 
2 bedroom 2 bath apartment in quiet. secured. 
beautiful complex near UCSD. Own bedroom. 
bath. phone. underground parking . Pool. gym. 
jogg ing trail. 5375.00. (H) 455-1770 (W) 554· 
2228. (4129·5/27) 
SUMMER SUBLEASE: 3 bedroom. 1.5 bath 
townhouse. Near UCSD/UTC. $1 05Olmonth. 
Call Danielle 625'()704. 

IIound a watch on North Campus parking lot. 
Call Michele G. 755-6301 . (41IS-5I13) 

Lost heart bracelet Friday nite near Main Gym 
and Student Center. Very Sentimental. 
Rewardl 792·0604. (4129·5I3) 

PERSONALS 
To our dearest Hong Kong Union President 
Kenzo Chan: HAPPY BIRTHDA YI -The whole 
gang. (4129) 

Congratulations to our new spring pledges I 
Love. the sisters 01 Alpha Omicron Pi. (4/ 
29) 

Read Eco Log ic. UCSD ' s only 
environmental newspaper. Look for copies 
around campus: read and recycle. (4129) 



10 SPORTS 

GOLF: Tritons 
smear hapless TIgers 
ContInued from .,... 7 
team members to wear blindfolds. 
Whatever the reason, the outcome 
was never in doubt. 

Brock Shafer, in his first-ever 
round at the course, led all fmishers 
with a 74. Jeremy Moe was second 
with a 76, while Tom Brown hada77. 

Pete Roberts and Jim O'Grady 
rounded out the scoring by tying at 

78. 
Things got so bad that the Tritons' 

last-placefmisher,DaleAbraham, flO-
ished with an 81 and was still 13 
strokes ahead of the Tigers' best flO-
isher. 

With the regularseason completed, 
the Tritons now face a four-round 
intra-squad national qualifying tour-
namenttodetermine who will be play-
ing at the NCAA championships in 
May. After a hugely successful regu-
larseason, Wydra is calling this year's 
squad "the best group I've ever had." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Bethard Finalist 
For Ashe Award 

UCSD men 's tennis player Jeff 
Bethard has been named the western 
regional winner of the Arthur Ashe Jr. 
Sportsmanship Award. Bethard will be 
competing againsl three regional win-
ners for the nationaJ award. 

The winnerwiU be announced at the 
national championships held in 
Kalamazoo in May. 

UCLA Summer Sessions M 

/ 
, , 

'! .... 

With UC LA 's new third summer sess ion, you can am 12 uni ts in 
just 9 weeks. Just take two courses in one ession and one course in 
another. Our second six-week session begins halfway through the 
fir t session and ends ha lfway through the third sess ion. 

1993 Session Dates 
, 

A Session June 28 - August 6 , 
, B Session July 19 - August 27 

C Sess ion August 9 • September 17 

......... Ens)' regisrratilll1 - VISA. Mastt:rCnrd, 
American Exprl'ss and Di,covt: r 

......... No formal admission to the Univer,ity 
required - open enrllllmenl 

......... Owr 500 (llurses ,lvailahlc at rl'a,onahle rates 

", Regi ~,rr, ltion fee 225 - COllfSt: (t:t: 75 - 110 per lInlt 

For a free caUl /()~ mil (310) 25-H355 or wrilC 10: 
UCLA Summer Sessions 

405 Hilga rd Avenue 
Los Angeles, CA 90024- L41 8 

$40 
$20 

$40 
$15 $10 

rllUtdte at 
PRIMO I-WR DESIGN 

a Stylist wit h 
Chclrisma 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 
Women 
Men 

Reg. 
Price Students 
$30 $20 
$22 $15 

Includes Shampoo, 
Blow Dry, Style 

Specializing In all types of hair 

'ItUfuJ. Hair Design UTe 455-0046 
4313 La Jolla Village Dr. Ste. K-4 Hours: Tues. thru Sat. 9 am-7pm 

CATCH A RIDE 
ON A JET .l. 
ANYTIME! T 
Europe .. ...... $269 
New York .... '129 
Hawaii ......... $129 
Call for program description 

AIRHITCH 
1-800-397-1098 

II ~ ,1~~~'~~';~,! ~ - -rerr'~', 
. .:::: ' ,~" ".iI~?, J , '~!!. , I Q , t' \~~f ~::; Sch~~1 , 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's II. ~ Master Mechanics i.!\. .. 
==== exclusively VW and AUDI Wf. 

, ?-?l - / :. ',' j ~ , :..~" .. :"·;,,<~-:.-KAanicuri5t 
, C;~~D ~< . R;g~:" , 
, ._ .. _~s CIALS p~c~ Students' 
1 / '-:~ . .f..fIlUIII!~, : t $35 $26 , 
I ( ';:;~~" $20 $15 ~:::.i}~ Mllnlcure $12 $ 8 ,. 8870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 

Air & Water Cooled· Maintenance Services· Air Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Albuill Engines. Gas & DieHl • Electrical· Clutch ... Brakes· Valves 

Locat.d In the Autoport Mall. Miramar 
Next Door to Discount Tlte 

EXPIRES 6/15/93 

, /. 'P.e!lkure $20 $15 , 
I. ' , Must present coupon. , 
1(, (_,qp,ecialize inFrerch acrylics , 
\ - :>_' and silk wraps. ~.:.:::j No onll5. , 
, p~rtof PRIMO Hair DeSign , 
, 4313 La Jolla Village Dr. , 
, Ste. K-4 455-0046 , 
L Hours: T~. thru Fri:...!, am-7pm .J 

Thursday, April29, 1993 

r-------------------------~. 
I~X(~A \T1I'I'I()N 1)1l0tJl~(;,I' IN ~ ~ 
I S Ill' I ... ~ IJ oov.· .... ""o 1II0RY HAlRP'NS FROM STRATUM I. SHIOMIM. c •. 4500 • 3$00 BeE 

• Study In Jeru.alem. 

• Excavate and Camp In the Negev Desert. 

• Archaeological FIeld School. 

• International Research Team. 

• Earn UC Credit for Fall 1993 Quarter. 
• Financial Aid and Scholarships Available. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: MAY 

Call 534-1123 or visit the Opportunities 
Abroad Office at the International Center 
Jor more i'!formation. 

~ ,.tj) Career Opportunity 
d.~ l1r 1-----------------------

Bilingual Intern Program 
Do You: 

• Have a B.A. or B.S. Degree (as of7/1/93) 
• Want to make a difference in the lives of elementary 

children in an urban setting 
• Speak, read, write Spanish or Khmer 
• Want to work full-time while completing requirements for 

California elementary credential 
• Want to earn full benefits and a starting salary of no less 

than $26, 600 for 9 months 
Contac t campus career center (or complete information and application 
packet or call Diana Williams at (310)436-9931, ext. 1476. 

Deadline for Application is May 14, 1993. 
An equal opportunily/Clffirm;l( j~'c action rmplo)'cr. 

WORLD TRAVELERS!! 
We carry electronics that are 

compatible anywhere in the world. 

NTSC 
PAL 
SE-CAM 

EL 

AUDIO 
VIDEO 

TV 
TAPE-

TRANSFERING 

5201 LINDA VISTA ROAD ,,01 . SAN DIEeo. CA. 92"0 
(619) 220 - 0673 • fAX (619) 220- 0683 

An annoying store clerk 
won't leave you a/one, 

The love of your life 
'eav~ you for your wor.-.t 
,nemy. 

And us if your duy wusn't 
bud enouKh, you're told it will 
be your last. 

.·oftden ~p.PIay 
aturdays April 24 and Ma I. 7:30 pm. Church of the Good Samaritan 

432 1 Eastgate Mall (At Genesee, 2 minutes from UCSD) 
Admission 55 at the door 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from pace 7 
about the top 12 teams, on any given 
day the score can go either way. I have 
confidence that our team is going to 
do the best job it can," Inaba said. 

Inaba added that not being seeded 
in the number-one position eliminates 
added pressure. Heather Williams, a 
newcomer to the team, has come a 
long' way this year, and is currently 
the number-one singles player. Her 
improvement can be attributed to the 
development of a stronger mental 
game. 

''I'm a lot more confident on the 
coun and that makes a big difference 
for me. I'm rea II y excited [for Nation-
als]. I think our team has a lot of 
potential:' she said . 

BASEBAll.: 
Tritons lose to San 
Jose State on road trip 
ContInued from page 7 
burst, and although UCSD pulled 
close, Menlo (13-1 3) held on for a 7-
6 victory. 

"Menlo flat outhit uS, played much 
bener defense and clearly outpitched 
us as well. [Our guys] had no spark up 
there at all , and they didn't play ball 
between the lines. I was very disap-
pointed," aid a weary Yates. 

The second game was marred by 
an ugly brawl in the founh inning. 
Suu Aaron was hit by a pitch and 
came around to score. When he slid 
into home plate, the catcher took ex-
ception to Aaron' s slide and wouldn 't 
get off the Triton. This cleared the 
benches and the Menlo catcher was 
ejected from the game, along with 
Aaron and third baseman Dan 
O'Brien. 

The ejections hun UCSD for its 
next game, because league rules 
state that any player who is ejected 
from a game must also sit out the 
next one. Along with Aaron and 
O'Srien. Eric Quandt also sat out 
with the flu . 

UCSD took a makeshift lineup 
into their game against San Jose 
State, a top Division I team. Marc 
Abrams started, and was touched 
for II runs in five innings, with 
Andrew deGrasse going the rest of 
the way. 

Offensively, UCSD had a lineup 
which had Miyake at short and lead-
ing off (in place of Quandt), Bobby 
Arban playing third (in place of 
O'Brien), Pat Hart playing second 
base for the first time in two years 
and pitcher Mark Hartmann play-
ing right (ield. All things consid-
ered, UCSD held its own against a 
much beueropponent, with San Jose 
(30-16) beating UCSD, 14-4. 

"I think we played as well against 
them as we could expect," said 
Yates. 

One highlight of the road trip 
was the batting performance of 
Miyake. He extended his personal 
hitting streak to 13 games, over 
which time he has hit .457, and 
raised his seasonal average to ,352. 

On the flip side, the three seniors 
- Nahmias, Pat Hart, and Marcos 
Magdaleno -went a combined 7 
for 60 (.117), prompting Yates to 
conclude that "missing that strong 
leadership really hurt the team." 

The Tritons now must pick up 
the pieces and close out the year on 
a winning note. They will have five 
games in which to do so, beginning 
with a doubleheader this weekend 
at The Master 's. 

Yates plans to give more play-
ing time to the younger members of 
the team , in hope of improving 
next year. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Price Center Gameroom presents: 

BI.bt Ball 
Toarna,"ent 

Date: May 1, 1993 
Time: 12 Noon 

Sign up at the Gameroom 
today! 

PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 

r:1":" ,-/:". 
.. ~.! 

It 
l1 
Ii 
\l 
'::. 
" \\ ~~ ... '~ 
./ .\, 
, " :. ~\ 

)) 

Entry fee: $2.50 

I 

E 

/ OFF J/ U' 1\ 
" .~ ALL 

~~~ GENERAL BOOKS 
,\, TECHNICAL 

~ BOOKS 
jj CLOTHING Ii 

/. "/ {I ~. ./ SUPPLIES * 
. ~.o~"" UCSD Downtown Center 
Ifij'::: ': Bookstore 
p '\.:,:. 525-0058 
~( :.,.: . 

h /$:::' A UCSD Bookstore \\ /,"/ ,) {~ ~ fLd-' .A' 534-READ ~~.--.....,.~/ "''''=~~ 

• Best-sellers, magazines, textbooks, medical books 
and Instruments, the computer and electroniCS 

department are excluded. 

SPORTS 11 

1007 Garnet Avenue * Pacific Beach San Diego * 273·6209 

(.ar. 
Start 
with a 
Great 
Perm 

Volume, bounce, 
curl, energy and 
motion ... 

Short 
Shoulder 
length 
Spirals 

S2415 
S3985 
S3985-S59'5 

we e.are hair COSTA VERDE CENTER, 8750 GENESEE 
WHERE YOU ALWAYS GET SOMETHING MORE (behind Soup Exchange) 587 -cun 
----r----T----il 1$1 OFF,$l OFF' FREE, E.~5 

, , , Sham'ao .... ' RETAil CENTER 
, Wei Cui' Wei Cui' =. S8' for 
, , , , , ••• 111:11111 
, No!vaidwilhony _ _ , II1II..., ... .., __ .. 1 IiII'lid lilh"'Y_ ........ ' ...... ",_.110_ _Ho~ _No~ .... 
L "::':...EJp'::~ L =::.e;~~ J. _~.~~ - ... 

Save from 20% to over 50% 
On everything in the bookshop! 

0) 
STEPHEN BIRCH 

AQUARIUM-MUSEUM 
SCRIPPS INSTITUTION 

OF OCEANOGRAPHY 

At the Aquarium Bookshop's Annual May Sale! 
Oates: Monday, May 3 - Friday, May 7 

Time: 12:30 - 4:00 pm dally 
Place: Aquarium Bookshop and Education Courtya rd 

PaId admission 10 the Aquarium-Museum Is not necessary 10 attend Ihe sale. 
If you have any quesllons. contact the Bookshop: (619) 53-4-4085 

Or ' 



12 

STANDINGS 

SOFTBALL 
Subway Selections (Thru 4-27) 

TIIIII Runs per gIIM Comments 
IIEN'SAAA 
1 Capt. Fogcutlers (3-0) 17.3 Cutting through the crap 
2 Big Red Machine (3-0) 13.0 Long sleeves make the diff 
3 Pimpin' Ain't Easy (3-0) 8.3 No ~ isn1! 
4 Grand Sam (2-0) 8.0 Big game coming up 
5 1M Homophobic (3~) 12.7 W~ those bats? 
liEN'S Ali 

11·~SPANKED (3~) 14.0 Dial R for Runs 
2 Kardiac Kids (3-0) 13.3 Hardly breathing 
3 Jokers R Us (3-0) 11 .7 The joke's on your league 
4 Suicide Butt Squeeze (3-0) 20.7 Best play in softball 
5 BaseIopes (3·1) 13.3 Still loping along 
liEN'S A 
1 Milwaukee's Best (3~) 22.0 Class of the division 
2 Da' Bears (2~) 12.0 Need Ditka to block the plate 
3 Each Hit (3-0) 15.0 Seem to be getting plenty 
4 Big Franks (3-0) 12.0 Stuffing everyone so far 
5 Loads (3-0) 13.0 Moving up in playoffs 
67th lnning Stretch (3-0) 10.7 In softball, it's the 5th 
7 Genuine Draft (2~) 15.5 Out of their league 
8 3 Bags & A Rubber (3-0) 12.3 Busting so far 
9 Uncorrelated Errors (3·0) 11 .3 Still making 'em though 
10 Ball Dividers (3-0) 11 .3 Play NO. 8 next 
WOllEN'S AAA 
1 Lab Rats (3-0) 15.5 Look like the class 
2 Earthpigs for Choice (2·1) 14.7 Sponsored by Avis 
3 Masterbatters (2-1) 10.3 Will be a factor 
4 Four In A Row (1-2) 8.3 Still trying to be one 
COED AI. 
1 Spit 'N Chew (4-0) 12.5 Competition tastes great 
2 Uq'er Box (3-0) 19.7 Between innings? 
3 The Porn House (3·0) 9.7 XXX· Rated 
4 We Crap Bricks (2·0) 17.5 Tough group here 
5 Beware The Shrikes (3·0) 19.3 Okay! We've been warned 
COED A 
1 We're No Angels (3·0) 16.7 Hitting like the ones Anaheim 
2 Mingram's Calves (3·0) 12.0 Just babes in the field 
3 Drunk And Easy (2·0) 13.5 BelterthanSober 'n Stubborn 
4 Hard Bat & Softballs (4-0) 16.0 Pounding away 
5 WMe Sox (3-0) 14.7 Without Bo' too! 
6 JJ Time For Softball (3~) 10.0 Still in the zone 
7 Up Yours Jobu (3-0) 12.7 Good group of friends 
8 Slick It in Da' Ho (3-0) 9.7 That's the name of the game 
9 Greased lighting (2~) 10.0 Missing an N 

TEAM BADMINTON 
After three weeks of intense action 

the badminton season down. 
The season ends 

and playoff details will 
Canyonview by 12 pm 
May 6th. Be sure to 
Squad made the 
Canyonview. The 
will begin flying on 

NoTE TO All 
PLAYERS 
Due to the excess length of matches, a 
rule change has been put into effect. For 
the remainder of Ihe season, and 
throughout playoffs, ALL DOUBLES 
MATCHES WILL BE PLAYED TO 11 
POINTS. NO EXCEPTIONS I Singles 

contests will continue to be played to 15 
points. This will help to keep us from 

badminton too often. 
understanding. 

3·0 
3'() 
3-0 
3·0 

5. NO CHANCE 2·1 
A 
1. BIRDS OF PREY 
2. ME RACKATEERS 
3. JU JU HOUNDS 
4. BABES 
5. TO KILL A MKNGBRDY 

The UCSD Guardian 

I ntramural spirit is alive and kickin' 
on campuslhesedays. Record num-
bers of s1udents, staff, and faculty 
are jamming the phone lines during 
every 1M T-Reg session. It sounds 
to us as ~ you can~ get enough. 
Well, we're here to bring you monIl 

If you liked "White Men Can't 
Jump', Sungod Outdoor BukIt· 
ball is for you. Didn't get enough 
soccer because of Good '01 Mother 
Nature? Sungod Indoor Soccer 
can fill that void. GI'IM DoublH 
Volleyball is a sport that normally 
isn't offered as an 1M sport. but 
thanks to the UCSD Women's Vol-
leyball team, we have added this 

I 

Thursday, April 29, 1993 

Hanes Beefy-Tis a bargain these 
days, so make sure you secure your 
cottonl 

Each team member will receive a 
raffle ticket. as we will be raffling off 
various prizes during the day. Raffle 
tickets win also be available lor pur-
chase at the event, as well as conces-
sions. 

Festivities wiD take place at Muir 
Athletic Complex . lntramuraJsw~ltake 
Muir Outdoor Basketball Courts, Muir 
Tennis Courts, Muir Field, The Nata-
torium, and The Rec Gym by storm. 
Don't miss out! This party will be filled 
to a capacity crowdl 

popular event to our repetoire. AIe I N T RAM R A L you a fish out of water? Sungod 

Sign-up' for thl, epic .vent will 
begin on Mondly, Illy 3rd, at the 
Canyonvl.w Recr.atlon Office. 
T earn entry fees will need to be paid in 
full at the time of registration. Cap-
tains, please have the social securityl 
Rec Card numbers of your team memo 
bers available when signing up. 

Coed Innertubt WIt.rpo!o could I P 0 R T IF. I T I Y A L be you savior. And those of you 
already gearing up for Wimbeldom, 
your last chance to experience top caliber 
play before the year's end is at Sungod 
TearnTennl,. 

This thing is huger than the Huge One 
011 Firestone. All of you 5th and 6th year 
Seniors are probably saying, ' It's about 
timer, and all of you Freshpeople can 
breathe a sigh of relief that the 1M Staff 
brainstormed this event just in time for 
you to get a good 6 or 7 years of participa-
tion in. 

So bring it on! Attractive Festival T-

Shirts may be pre-purchased with your reg-
istration fee, and will also be available for 
purchaSe at the event. $10.00 for a classic 

Forlurther information, call Canyonview 
at 534-4037. 

SATURDAY/SUNDAY, MAY 15TH·18TH 

fvent 
Outdoor Basketball 
Indoor Soccer 
Grass Volleyball 
Team Tennis 
Innertube H20 Polo 

T81111 Size Divisions Entry FeelTeam 
5 (No Subs) M Open/lntJW $20 
Unlimited M Openllnt'Nov,w $25 
2 R'3V/Coed, Open, Int, Novice $20 
4 (2M12W) Open, Intermediate $15 
7 (4MI3W) Open, Intermediate $25 

SAND VOLLEYBALL DOUBLES 
Mid-Season Report tickets early for this championship matchup, ~ should be a great one. 

IItn'sMA 
It seems like they've been around for-
ever, but they aren't quite ready to check 
into a convalescent hospital. Rob Crotty 
and Brian Beattie can still get the job done 
in a big way. They are once again out 
front and playing 'come and get us'. The 
best chance to dethrone the Dynamic 
Duo may be Dave Wentz and Ghamaty 
Masood. they havn't dropped a game 
yet, but havn't proven that they're ready 
to jump to the next level. Ben Goldhammer 
and Ahrash Bissell have had only one 
setback so far, and could surprise the 
field come playoff time. 
Mtn'sU 
It's a different story in this division as the 
talent has spread itself throughout the 
leagues. Any of a hall-dozen squads are 
capable of having an impact. Brent 
Overbeek is an 1M junky who has the 
savvy and enough skill left to get partner 
Paul Muchowskl well into the playoffs. 
Two squads from Thursday's 6:15pm 
league should go undefeated until they 
battle on May 13, for the league title. 
Chris Riley has guaranteed that he and 
partner David Sasse will crush Eduard 
Vasilevskis and Brandon Hashimoto to 
annex that league title. Should be a 
classic matchup. One other squad has 
raised some eyebrows, and that's Farhad 
Sigari and Michael Pacquette who are 
blowing through !he Wednesday 5:15pm 
league. 

IItn'sA 
Yikes! These guys are rolUng all over the 
courts. But occasionally they play a little 
Volleyball. One squad that has been able to 
stay out of the net and get the ball back more 
often than not is Mike Kim and Brendan Ber-
nard (undefeated, so far). The DeH squad of 
Jeff McCue and Eric Sentner is tuning up for 
IFC ~h a respectable showing to date. Paul 
Bently and Justin Wolfe are proving that in-
deed white men can' jump, but their horizon-
tal game has worlled so far. Sean FreOn's 
'Stump Love' squad has only one blemish on 
the record and might be a team to watch come 
playoff time. 
Women', 
Two squads are clearly the cream ofthiscrop. 
Marci Oominguez and Sheila Stewart have 
really shown that they know their way around 
the courts. They havn1 dropped a game yet. 
On the final day of the season, May II , they 
wilisquareoffagainstatoughPackage. Karen 
Haldeman and Karen Nishida wiU ikely arrive 
at that date undefeated as well. Get your 

Coed AI. 
No surprise that Rob Crotty has another 
entry that is sitting on top of the heap. 
Teamed with Rachael Risehar, again, this 
squad looks like they will be the team to 
catch. Tom Yengst 'Don't Bother to Block' 
squad will try to derail Crotty/Rischar on 
May 5, but it will take ahuge &ffortto get that 
train off the tracks. Former Triton Bruce 
Williams is still swinging away with partner 
Ave Bortz and should figure in the playoff 
picture. They will meet David Kim and 
T ami Gash next Monday in will figure to be 
the league tide contest 
Coed A 
Wayland Shih and Josephine Loqez own 
the Wednesday league, but havn't seen 
Matt Stanley and Kristin Matosian. These 
two will square off next Wednesday in what 
should be a championship caliber matchup. 
The next best team is Jenn~er Yokoyama 
and Devon Thomas who will likely cruise 
through their league and be a factor come 
playoff time. 

Collegiate OrL this Weekend 
Entrlesn 'till being tlken lor the big Collegiate OVer-Th.Llne toumament this 

Saturday It FilllllIllnd (May 1, 9:00 am start). 
TIlt big 3 unlvtnlllltlin San DIego (UCSO, USO, Ind SIn DIego Stall) will III .. ature 

IIPUI\' cIvIIIonII COfI1IIIItIon with wlnnen co_ng nw the end of thl day for 
city bragging rights, 

For the unltllltd, Ihi IporI of OVer-ThtoUne Is a th~ btlclllOftbeli game 
tIIIt pull I premium on ofllnlly. pIKe hitting end clvlng citchllin thlund on 
~. MIn'" WOIMII", Coed,Ind Fmernfty cIIvIIIorw will be ofItrtd. Each team 
wilt be gulttnltld 11II1II four gaIMI. 

Tournament entrill and InformIIIon (10 IncIudt rults and dIIIc1IonI to the pflylng 
lilt at FiIIIIIsIInd) art avallablllhrough Friday at the CInyonvIlw Raclllllon 0fIIce. 

BJ's 
11;i' $ 

Pizze ria 

ANY 
LAIGE PIDA 
Please prewnt coupon wben ordering. 
Valid/or dell/J/!ry. carryoul or dine tn. 
Exptres 5/1 Y93 

FBI CAMPUS DlLNUY TO YOUI DOOR 
Sun 11 :30 am· 11 P"'j M· Th 11 am·ll pm 

Fri. & Sot .. 1 am-12 mid 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. La jolia Vii/age Center 455-0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU the best! 


