
Elsewhere 
Davis Graduat .. 
Hope to Unionize 
DAVIS -In an effoJ1 to 
improve working condition and 
the quality of undergraduate 
education, a group of UC Davis 
graduate student employees met 
on Jan. 14 to establish a union. 
Organizers of the A sociation of 
Graduate Student Employees 
(AGSE) are hoping the union can 
create a bargaining unit with the 
administration. Its primary goal 
is to obtain recognition fro .. ~ the 
university as an agent for the 
graduate student employee . 
AGSE organizers believe that 
they would have the strength of 
its members to settle di putes and 
address concerns. 

Foot Patrol OffIcers 
Learn Spanish 
SANTA BARBARA - The 
Isla Vista Foot Patrol ha begun 
a program to help its officers 
deal with the changing demo-
graphics of the surrounding 
community. A new Spanish 
language training program is 
helping the officers break the 
communications barriers that 
face them every day. UCSB 
enior and Community Service 

Officer Emy Doni is leading 
the twice-weekly classes with 
no textbooks, a low budget and 
cheduling problems. Language 

skills are improving, however, 
and officers seem to enjoy the 
program. Donis says the 
program is helping officers 
meet the needs of many more 
Isla Vistans. 

Berkeley Students 
Invent Transistor 
BERKELEY - A group of 
UCB graduate students has 
built one of the fastest transis-
tors in the world, the result of 
which may mean quicker, more 
energy efficient electronics in 
the future. The speedy device, 
which governs the flow of 
electrical current in computers, 
can switch on or off 74 bi11ion 
times per second and operates 
on 1.5 volts. The previous 
speed record was 56 billion 
times a second at 5 volts. 

Inside 

HIATUS: Australia's 
operatic theatre production 
debuts at UCSD. H1 

SPORTS: The UCSD 
swimming team had a 
successful weekend. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ....... .. ...... ..... ... . 2 
OPINION ..••• ...•.............. ...• ... 4 
A. . MEETING NOTES ..........• . 8 
HIATUS .... .......... ............... Hl 
CLASSIFIEDS .... ........ .... ...... 12 
SPORTS .... .. ................ .. ...... 16 

, H E u c 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 21,1993 

s 

VOLUME 78, I UE 6 

Broken Water 
Mains Flush 
Out Students 
WINTER: Rains are blamed for 
broken pipes at Third and Revelle 
colleges; some students relocated 
By Lamlne Secka 
Associate News Editor 

UCS D has begun assessing damage caused 
by the series of severe winter stonns that have 
pounded San Diego for the past two weeks. 

The worst of the damage came from broken 
water mains at Third and Revelle Colleges. The 
first break at Third occurred on Monday, as 
rooms were overrun by water and residents were 
sent scurrying for higher and drier ground. The 
econd break occurred Tue day evening when 
tudents living in Third Upper Apanments found 

themselve without water for several hou rs. 
According to Third Resident Dean Yolanda 

Trevino, students were moved out of theirdonn 
and into the Residence Inn on Gilman Drive. 

"[Campus housing] i completely booked," 
Trevino said. "So was La Jol\a del Sol, which 
was one alternative." 

While the relocated students may by incon-
venienced, Trevino said that there are crews 
working around the clock to repair and clean out 
the danlaged dOlm rooms. 

"[The work crews] have fans and heaters 
going to dry things out. .. and they are working 
to disinfect the carpet ," Trevino aio. 

The dean's office is hoping to move the 
di placed students back into the donns by Fri-
day. 

Chuck Nguyen/ GuBldian 
Construction workers search for a break In the water main outside Beagle Hall 
Wednesday. Revelle cIorms were without cold water for much of the day_ 

Revelle Assistant Resitlent Dean Joey Tse 
reported that the Revelle Mudhuts lost water 

See WATER, Page 8 

Financial Aid Cuts hoperil Education 
IUDGEl': Regents 
discuss importance of 
assistance at ~eeting 
By Dan Kra .... 
Senior Staff Writer 

In his proposed 1993-94 state 
budget, Governor Pete Wilson has 
not indicated that he would in-
crease funding for Cal Grant, the 
state's primary financial aid pro-
gram, despite the massive fee hike 
expected this year. 

Last year the Cal Grant pro-
gram was cut by 15 percent al-
though fees increased $650. 

According to University of Cali-
fornia Student Association 
(UCSA) spokesman Andy Shaw, 
the 15 percent cut corresponded 
with almost a $300 reduction in 
grant money per student. This,com-
bined with the $650 fee increase of 
1992-93, led to a $950 gap be-
tween the cost of tuition and the 
fmancial aid granted. said Shaw. 

' 'TIle legislilture will be hard-
pressed to restore funding cuts 
made to the Cal Grant programs in 
1992-93, much less provide addi-
tional funds to'cover the increase 

UC FhaIcIaI AId 
The total financial aid granted from all sources in 1991/92 was 
$709.4 million, up $109 million from the year before . 

41% 

needed for next year's fees," said 
UC interim Senior Vice President 
for Academic Affairs Murray 
Schwanz. "Cal Grant recipients 
and low-income students are bear-
ing the brunt of the state's inability 
to fund financial aid the way it has 
in past years. " 

The governor's budget proposal 
has prompted intense discussion 
over financial aid. "Inflation and 

Federal 

State 

Private 

uc 

Miguel Buckenmeyer/ GuardlBn 

fees keep going up. Without in-
creasing financial aid to make up 
the difference, the governor might 
as well be cutting financial aid," 
said A.S. Vice-President External 
Colin Wilson. 

According to Shaw, "the gov-
ernor has basically fluffed off any 
state responsibility [for financial 
aid] . Students will be in the same 

See AID, Page 7 

UC Davis 
Junior Named 
Student Regent 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

UC Davis Junior Darby Mor-
risroe has been selected as next 
year's student representative to the 
Board of Regents after a four month 
selection process, the UC Student 
Association announced yesterday. 

She will replace outgoing tudent 
regent Alex Wong, a UC Berkeley 
law student, when the full Board of 
Regents confinns her appointment 
at their Feb. 18 meeting. 

Wong will assist Morrisroe dur-
ing the first few months to help ease 
the transition. 

Morrisroe, a political science-
public service major, has promised 
to continue many of the issues that 
Wong has championed during his 
one-year tenure. including lobby-
ing for increased state funding for 
the university and improving finan-
cial aid. 

"We have no doubt that Darby 
will make an outstanding regent who 
will be there for the tudents," said 
UCSA president Tobin Freid. 



2 NEWS 

Job Hunters May Be 
Wise to Look Into Retail 
ECONOMY: Recruibnent of UCSD students for retail 
jobs increases; may be a sign that the recession is over 
By Karen Chene 
Associate News Editor 

Do you remember your job as a 
part-time cashier at Thrifty Drugs 
when you were a sophomore in high 
schooL? You probably worked to 
earn a little extra pocket money on 
the side and maybe to help boost 
your college resume. Little did you 
know that this retail 
job might help you 
to develop certain 
skills that would 
prove u eful in 
searching for your 
future career. 

the manager of the cosmetics de-
partment at Saks Fifth Avenue in 
Mission Valley Mall . 

"You need to have people skills, 
as well as math and analytical kill . 
My social science major in psychol-
ogyhelpedmealot- just anything 
that involves you with people," 
Burton said. 

Burton started 
on the fashion end 
of retail by selling 
sporrswear in Saks 
Fifth Avenue before 
ending up as man-
ager of the cosmet-
ics department. According to 

UCSD Career Ser-
vices Marketing 
Specialist Barbara 
Wesser, an increa~­
ing number of ma-
jorcorporationsand 
companies are com-
ing to recruit grndu-
aresduring UCSD's 
annual Retail Inter-
viewing week in 
February. indicating 
a possible end to the 
rece. sion. 

Acco rding to 
Wesse r, the past 
couple of years have 
seen a 20-30 percent 
drop in the number 
of companies com-
ing to carnpuse for 

"This Is a great 
way for student. 
to get their foot 
In the door even 
If they don't plan 
on staying In 
retail forever." 

Burton admitted 
the hours are diffi-
cult, but she said, " I 
find extra hours a 
benefit , because I 
like a varied sched-
ule. It may be some-
what low on the pay 
scale as compared 
to other more lucra-
tive jobs. but it's 
plea ant work. I 
would prefer to do 
omething I enjoy 

and in an attractive 
place." 

-Barbara Wesser We er added 
UCSD Career Services that the skills stu-

Marketing Specialist dents acquire while 
working part-time 
retail jobs are the 

same kill that can be used in any 
management position. "'This is a 
great way for students to get their 
foot in the door even if they don '( 
plan on staying in retail forever," 
she said. 

interviewing. This year, however. 
there is an unusual upsurge, espe-
cially for companies who are trying 
to fill retail positions such as Neiman 
Marcus. Nordstrom. Silo and Cir-
cuit City. 

"We couldn ' t believe the re-
sponse we got for retail [this year]. 
Last year. we had 12 companies but 
this year we already have22 that have 
said they're coming," Wesser said. 

Inthepast,student have viewed 
retail as something theydon'treally 
want to explore as a career because 
they saw it as something to help them 
get through school , Wesser said. 

"Then. on the other hand. we 

- Wesser also cited different types 
of management job , from retail to 
banking and finance to hotel man-
agement. "When you think of the 
concept of transferable kill ,which 
is a viable way to change careers. 
you're selling the skills you've de-
veloped through working in that 
industry. You can transfer that to 
some entirely different setting." 

Because most of the companies 
have a lot of students who want to also recruit at San Diego State Uni-
get into 'bu iness-management' 
job . But nobody ever eems to see 
the connection between [retail and 
management) . Most people's retail 
experience has been working on the 
floor, se lling merchandise, and 
working with the public. But we 
have recognized that there are some 
really good opportunities in retail as 
[one) receives a lot of responsibility 
early in his/hercareer," Wessersaid. 

She cited one e ample of how 
these skills helped one woman gain 
an edge on the corpof"dte ladder. 
First starting out in a retail job, 1977 
UCSD alumnus Jane Burton is now 

versity and Cal State San Marcos, 
Wesser added that competition can 
be incredibly tiff. "You have to be 
really prepared for the interview ... 
I thinka lot of students make the mis-
take thinking they can just wing it . 
The edge goes to those who are best 
prepared - those who have really 
thought about their kills, accom-
plishments and what they have to 
offer. You really have to be prepared 
to blow your own hom and be ready 
to brag about yourself," she aid. 

Wesser commented that the com-
panies who have come to UCSD in 

See CAREERS, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

d 

~o,. 
. 

. n 

- -

.. ~. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

, . 
I 

'\ 

~ 

~ ~ us ~ ro s~<.\:. 
IUS IlEAD IN ~ II\)C.~T 
a: ICE W#>.lU. . 

1 ~ 't'H~ 
CUlT\IIt'C Of' 

~I<TIMlmtl . 

SU5!E. t.tfJ 'ftW,T 
~1kl\IT' ~ll'" 
ot4E. ~ GE~i.T\c. 
Io\I.Tt.RIM- OH 
l\IE ~~? 

Museum Exhibits 'The Diver~s Eye' 
A unique exhibit of more than 40 underwater photo-

graphs is currently on display at the Stephen Birch 
Aquarium-Museum. 

The show, "The Diver's Eye," is the premiere exhibit 
in the aquarium-museum's New Perspectives Gallery 
and represents images from the San Diego Underwater 
Photographic Society. 

The object of this display is to present viewers with 
scenes from one of nature's best-l<ept secrets. The 42 
prints in the exhibition were selected from more than 
400 quality photographs submitted by members of the 
society. 

The san Diego Underwater Photographic Society was 
formed by a handful of enthusiasts to promote the otten 
unseen wonders of the sea. The 250 members of the 
society aim to further the art of underwater photography. 

More information about the exhibit is available by 
calling 534-ASH. 

Corona To Become New 
Resident Fellow at Institute 

Rossana Corona will become the new Resident 
Fellow at the I nstitute of the Americas later this month, 

'.. . " 
v.~t:\t, (.': , " ", 
ttib -},,~ , 

~~~ :::"+'/ ~ ). , 
f'X'~~~~ . 

and will work on a stuc:tyofthe social effects of privatization 
in relation to the distribution of income and wealth. 

Corona comes to UCSD from the Institute of the 
Americas in Mexico City where she conducted several 
studies on privatization and prepared a thesis on the 
Telmex privatization. 

She also co-authored another privatization study with 
Manuel SAnchez which is considered one of the best 
studies to date on the process and impact of Mexico's 
privatlzations. 

. Graduate Studl •• Dean Cho .... 
As R_reb Coordinator 

Dean of Graduate Studies and Research Richard 
Attiyeh has been appointed Institutional coordinator for 
a three-year study on research doctorate programs in the 
United States by the National Research Council. 

According to the NRC, the main goal of the study will 
be to "develop and disseminate a compendium of 
measures which characteriZe the essential features of 
the nation's Ph.D. progrcwns In the sciences, engineer-
ing and humanities in their present state. " The study will 
include some 300 institutions. 

WIII.rt .... : 

Thurs: 65'/49' FrI: 64'/49' Sat: 68'/50' v.sterda,'. h .... /low: 61'/48' 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND. Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER IWO, Graph/c5 Editor 

DAN McDOWEU., Photo Editor 
PHlUP MICHAELS, OpInion Editor 

JEFF NIEI&., Histus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, AssoclBte Photo Editor 

DaI8N COIiIIULTAIIT: J.IMS C04ller 
IU.UlTltATOIIS: MIdlII Croft. Tera Eoll. Nathan Erlin. Speed Ferris. Jennifer 
HM. 00m1n1c lobbIe. Alan LuncIII'In. AdrIanO Mullol. Kltle Roe. Al5porC 
011_: Joel AmoIO . WIlSOn Clleu"" Marcus L.oIJbI •• Ctwtstopher lOck, 
'IheresI Myrtle 
PIIOTCHIIW'ItIIIS: 0evId Cho. Sk*t !leb. P.uI ~. Jenntrer MIIIthews. 
LOll Mitchell . Cnuck~. Jennw. Vann 
COPY IIIADIRS: Mlcllelle Chlq. MIn Mil .... JeMie Sprln&tlr, MlII-lan Tomsen 
ADYlllJIIIMl ASIISTAIIT: Tn Eoll 

II1e I.CSO Cio.IaIU! b 1)I.CIIShed"""'" lIusdIys ~ III! 1CIIIIftie)ell' ~.." far Glt _ 
~UCSO. ~~1NS_In""bm.'OIIehrIn_orln~lIIIIO\.(~b 
sutcty ~ C 1993, • iWU __ II1e I.CSO ~ b noc ~ far Glt '"'" III 

~ tI\IWI!IO or ~ II1e OM eIImIed In PI'*S nI $faI1eaIrS or 0III!WIIeIDIes do II1II 
IussarIy ~ ... opiI'jOra ~ I1Ie (.(SO~ Glt ~ ~~ or IN AIIOdM 
SUIaera. II1e UCSO~is!nled SOIeIIIl!' --.. 11 ,.. upOhq nlCUIIt1and """*' 
"doYllUlItls _1IUsi"eA. 

. AR!.~..I.....~late Sports Editor 
DAMEN KMI'fTVIII, AssocIate Opinion Editor 

LAMINE SEeM, AssocIate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

101 DeANDREA, Business MMII/tlM 
MICHAEL RIULKI, AINertIsItW ,.""", 
MlICI MAITINIZ, ~ Des/fJNK 

BEN 8OYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
_ ITAW WIIflDI: Jenny a.lq. o.n ~ss. MatIMw Rollinson. Ellett 
Rnyne. MicIlaeI Sc:'-IZ. S/'oeIyI _ 
I1»t'WItnDI: E....,.c.mu.o. KttIUI c.penter. -~. Billy Hwan&. 
CMI ....... MelllUJ.:oIle.a. _. AodMdtL •• ~McNeIII. 'IheresI 
MOOre. MuIIII MoWVly. Julie PIlI. P1u1 "" ••• EIyRlOlnI. 8181rRlcllly. Kata SIuI . 
Ritu Suena. Ale", J. Sherman. Ju/I8 ShermIn. I<eren stMIeI. ~y SIephens 

E. LEIGIII HDlRY, ClassIfIec1 RepIesenuttNe 

Thursday, january 21,1993 

Local Schools 
Team Up with 
Graduate Art 
Students 
COMMUNITY: Graduate 
students help local kids 
experiment with art 
By Terri Duaan 
Guardian Reporter 

The U D Guardian 

San Diegoelemenrary school stu-
dents and UCSD graduate art stu-
dents teamed up to experiment with 
art in a recent program called Col-
laborative Experiments in Arts 
(CEA). Several of the works pro-
ducedduring the program will be on 
display at the San Diego Museum of 
Art starting Friday. 

PIlOto c:ounesy of O. Westphacen 
Q~ student Tom Brumley and third graders from Carver 
Elementary school perform 'Circle Sones' on harmonIcas. 

The program was spearheaded 
by Allan Kaprow, an internation-
ally known artist and visual arts 
professor at UCSD. Kaprow was 
aided by nine graduate students: 
Tom Brumley, C'Love. Brian Dick, 
Nina Katchadourian, Steven 
Matheson, Shay Poskey, Val 
Valgardson, Diermar Walther and 
Olav Westphalen. 

Each graduate student worked 
withastudentfromadifferentschool 
during the 199 I -92 academic year 
to create something that would be 
"different from macaroni and yam," 
said Kathcadourian. 

The results of this program will 
be showcased in an exhibit called 
"The Games They Do With Art" 

and will run through Feb. 21. There 
will be a public reception on open-
ing night which will be attended by 
many of the children and teachers 
involved. 

Whetherthe year -and-a-halflong 
pilot progrnm will continue for an-
other year depends on community 
interest, support of elementary 
school teachers and the participa-
tion of the graduate students, 
Kaprow said. He also expressed a 
desire to "expand [the program) to 
the school system as a whole" if the 
decision is made to continue." 

The program involves children 
from a wide rnnge of socio-eco-
nomic backgrounds. Carver El-
ementary is located in east San Di-
ego. where about 80 percent of the 
students live below the poverty line. 
Harbor Summit is located in down-
town San Diego and serves home-
less children as well as those living 
in the nearby St. Vincent de Paul 

and Salvation Army shelters. 
Most of the graduate students 

pent a long period of time working 
with their school, up to severnl 
months, but because the mostly 
homeless children of Harbor Sum-
mit tend to spend less 'time in one 
place their involvement was limited 
to one day. 

The teachers in connection with 
the Harbor Summit program were 
disappointed by this. Teacher Joyce 
Jenning said. "1bere was a lack of 
follow-through. We received little 
feedback and therefore the kids 
didn't get as much out of it." 

However, most of the student 
and teachers at other schools seemed 
pleased with CEA. Carver Elemen-
tary Principal Joanne Wall described 
the "interactive art experiences" as 
"extremely po itive: a wonderful 
experience for the kids." 

Katchadourian agreed, saying 
See ART, Page 8 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL lO-oz. $100 microbrewed 
beers 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas 
in me Brewery 
Dining Room $500 

4475 Mission Blvd. 274 ALES 
comer of Mission & Gamet • 

SeaCoast Square • Free parking in rear 

Volunteers Needed for 
an Eyedrop Study 

The Division of Ophthalmology at Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation is recruiting 
participants for an eyedrop study. 
• Participants must have a history of pollen 

or animal allergies. 
• Volunteers need to be 18 years of age or 

older to qualify. 
• Participants completing the study will 

receive $150_ 
For more information, please call Jane Cooper 
at Scripps Clinic at 554-2248. 

II~I ~N~~!~£~I~ 
10666 Nonh Torrey Pin Road, La lolla , A 92037 

NEWS 3 

Money for Washington DC 
Internships Going Unclaimed 
By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

The UC President 's Washing-
ton Scholarship Program i cur-
remly awarding scholarships to 
undergnlduate students imerested 
in traveling to Washington D.C. 
for an imemship. 

According to Amy Pickell , in-
ternship counselor at UCSD's 
Academic Internship Program 
(AlP), opportunitie for students 
are significant. "The number of 
applicants in the past have been 
quite low - last year we awarded 
thirteen scholarships, but we had 
enough funds to give out more." 

According to Pickell, the pro-
gram is targeted toward undergracts 
who are financially needy , 
underrepresemed, re-entry stu-
dems and tudents with disabili-
ties. 

"The program here hopes to 
create a greater diversity of stu-
dents in Washington," Pickell said. 
"The srudems who have gone and 
come back have had very interest-
ing experiences." she added. 

An intem 's average budget in 
Washington for 10- 13 weeks is 
approximately $3,000. Previous 
interns have completed internships 
with the State Department, U.S. 
congressional offices, CNN, Am-
nesty International and the Demo-
cratic National Committee. among 
others. 

Applicants are encouraged to 
participate in the imemship pro-
grams with an academic compo-

nenl. This provides a more coher-
em educational experience through 
classes, seminars, and supervised 
field work, according to Pickell. 

Third College senior Bob 
Crorry served as an imem in the 
fall of 1991. Crotty worked in the 
State Department in the office of 
Soviet Affairs. "Being stationed at 
the aircrnft and vessel clearnnce 
stat ion was great. I got to meet a lot 
of high-level personnel," Crotty 
said. "Working there really gave 
me a sense of how Washington 
really works - the people I met 
were really dedicated and inteIli-
gem," he cominued. Crotty sug-
gested that the experience can pro-
vide a foundation for a future ca-
reer. 

Fifth College junior Michael 
Schelke plans to be an intern this 
spring. "Right now I'm sti ll going 
through a lot of paperwork. I had 
to write a statemem to the scholar-
ship committee on why I want to 
go and what I hope to achieve," he 
said. Schelke is already looking 
forward to going. " It should be 
very interesting and educational," 
he said. 

Applications for Fall 1993 are 
now available in the AlP office 
room 3255 on the second floor of 
the Litemture building. Applica-
tion are due by Apri 130. Students 
will be notified regarding the sta-
tus of their applicaton by June 
1993. Funher questions can be 
answered by calling Amy Pickell 
at 534-4355. 

Consider a Small 
Company Environment 

With Tremendous Growth 
Potential, and Opportunities 

to Work on State-of-the-Art 
Satellite Communications Systems, 

CJ Communications Systems Engineers 
o Software & Firmware Engineers 
CJ Digital Hardware Designers 
o ASIC Design Engineers 

COIMloour 
Company Presentation 
3:00·4:30 on Tuesday, 9 Feb 93 
at Career Services Center 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCH~.lIDT. Mana&lnll Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Gullld/Ml II DUbio"*' tw1C4 • _ et lhI UnoYetsl\Y of Cliolomo • • san Oi ..... COnt..,.. 
Cl993. VIews eAD<HMd heteon rel)feoen\ tIIe"'*"IY "'* oIlh1OC14torili _ • .,.., or. not 

noc ..... nJy thOle 01 the UC _ 01 Recents .... -'SUCSD. nor lhI entire Gu.rdlMl III". 

Special Election is lI:e 
Usual Display of Idiocy 

The Associated Students' special election will draw to a close 
today after a two-day balloting period. At issue are three constitu-
tional amendments and three referenda que tion addres ing such 
mundane concerns as altering tudent representation on A.S. Coun-
cil, adding more amendment to the amendment process and survey-
ing the readership of alternative media publication . When one 
considers this demonstI'lllion of the democratic process in action, 
only one question comes to mind - why? 

Thi special election is a tremendou waste of money, $3,000 of 
student money to be exact. brought about by the type of bureaucratic 
bungling that has reduced student government to a perpetual joke. 

Ln last pring ' general election, three con titutional amendment 
were placed on the ballot. However, the order of these amendments 
on the actual ballot differed from the order on the sample ballot. 
Chair of Operations. Service and Enterprises Paul Wilcox filed a 
complaint, claiming that the discrepancy might have affected the 
re ults of the vote. This is no doubt true, and the A.S. Judicial Board 
was right in ordering are-vote. 

The problem, however, i creating the gaudy spectacle of a 
special election to reconsider a few imple questions of procedure. 
Quite frankly, the constitutional amendments are hardly of immedi-
ate concern - they could have been placed on the ballot for the 
upcoming spring general election without any ha sle. difficulty and, 
mo t imponantly, additional co t to anyone. 

Does anyone lie awake at night wondering if the number of 
constitutional amendments allowed per academic year shou ld be 
changed from three to five? Is the university unable to function 
unless we settle the ·buming debate over whether senators can be 
elected from each college regardless of c1as standing? The an wer 
is no - settling these issues right away is clearly not wonh $3.000. 
These issues may need to be sen led, but lhey clearly do not need to 
be dealt with right away. 

The referenda, or at least the ones featured in this particular 
election, deal with issues that. by any reasonable tretch of the 
imagination. ought to be re olved by the council itself. without the 
COSt and hubbub of an election. 

If the A.S. Council is truly concerned with erving the tudent 
body it was upposedly created to repre ent, it would look for ways 
to save money and cut down on needle s bureaucratic procedure, 
mther than sanctioning one needless election after another. The A.S. 
ha been content for some years now to rely on this orne what arcane 
amendment ritual as a remedy for its recurring ills. Such measures 
only provide temporary relief for the problem of ineffective and 
inefficient government, letting the disease spread. 

Thumbs Down to the 
Inauguration ConnniUee ••• 

.. .for throwing away $30 million on Bill Clinton' inauguration 
ceremony. A presidential inauguration issomethingto be celebrated, 
but spending that much money for a glorified Fleetwood Mac 
reunion is too extravagant for a country in dire economic strait . 
Perhap the committee should take a cue from Jimmy Carter (whose 
inauguration only co t $3 million) and ave the money for more 
important matters. 

Thumbs Up to New 
Coffrehouse Cafe Diana. .• 

. .. for providing another late night option for tudents on campus. 
The coffeehouse, which will be located at theCheCafe, will be open 
late enough (until 2 a.m. Mondays through Thursdays) and will 
provide enough entertainment, food and coffee to appeal to even the 
mo t reclu ive student. With all these on-campus locations opening 
within weeks of each other, could it be that UCSD is finally 
developing a semblance of a social atmosphere? We tremble at the 
possibility. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21,1993 

GETTING TRAMPLED BY THE 
MODERN STAMPEDE FOR RIGHTS 
COMMENTARY: While every special interest group under the SlUl clamors for 
special treatment and protection, private associations and society are lost in the shuflle 

institutions and destroy the rights of others. In our liti-
gious society, everyone is in a mad rush for rights: 

As Mary Ann Glendon writes in Rigllts Talk. "Our 
rights talk. in its absoluteness. promotes unrealistic ex-
pectations. heightens social conflict, and inhibilS dia-
logue that might lead toward consensus, accommodation, 
or at least the discovery of common ground." 

Arizona has been removed from 
ilS much maligned place as target 
numero uno of the American Left. 
The new locus of evil and oppres-
sion is the state of Colorado. It was 
there, on Nov. 4th, that the state 
passed Amendment Two, denying 
sexual orientation and behavior as a 
legitimate basis for discriminatory 

MAlT litigation. 

One can understand the resentment felt by Colorado 
homosexuals at being denied "rights" while much of our 
society sees everything in such teons. Hence the shrill-

,.-______ ness of our debate and the c1ose-mindedness DnmNmN The resullS were IlUDU ID I predictable. It has the 
homosexual lobby up 
in anns. It has al 0 
earned the animus of 

Barbra Streisand and other cognoscenti 
who have resolved to boycott anything 
Coloradan. And ir one were to heed 
Newsweek magazine's September 1992 is-
sue "Whal America Thinks about Gays," 
one would Ihink that any legislation which 
does not give victim status to homosexuals 
was conlrived by the same homophobic 
yourhs thaI toss bottles and scream epithets. 

The debate about Amendment Two is 
not solely about the morality and accep-
tance of homosexuals. Remember, this is a 
state where Frederico Pena, an open homo-
sexual, was reelected mayor of Denver for 
multiple terms. 

I do nOI wish 10 get caught up in lhe pros 
and cons of the debate about homosexual-
ity. llhink people have a right to do whal 
they wish with their rreedom, provided Ihat 
they are prepared to accept the respon ibil-
ity for their actions in regards to both them-
selves and others. 

The Colorado statute does not contra-
vene this idea. One may hear that the statute 
sends homophobic messages that it is ac-
ceptable to violently treat or malign homo-

1he oppoeItIon 
to the way 
CoIoradaM 
voted derIv_ 
froInthe 
m11111 •• that 
....,. .. the 
IOIe detee .. lIi ... 
of one's stab. 
in our 1OCiety. 
What 
Amendil..m 
Two does Is 
prevent the 
creation of yet 
mother reason 
for litigation. 

of dialogue. 1bere is, however, a deeper 
issue. On the one hand is paternalism, rhe 
idea that State knows best. On the other are 
the rights of people to define their lives and 
goals. This debate is, therefore, not limited 
to Amendment Two but has become com-
monplace in our world of conflicting rights. 
It is the question of whether the govern-
ment should enter and force people and 
organizations in a free society to conform 
to the ideals of the people in rhat society. 

For instance, when radical women feel 
the compulsion to get coun orders so rhat 
they can enter all-male clubs, those clubs 
lose one of the reasons they exis\. In other 
words, that action deSiroys a distinctive 
aspect of that community. 

It is convenient to blirhely mourh the 
rights of women to not be discriminated 
against, but it does nothing to restore the 
club and iLS role as a meeting place ror men. 
The right of males to associate has been 
irrevocably banished. Of course our minds 
are conditioned to think that such incidents 
are examples of how rights should work: 

It is not proper to shed a tear, however 
hypocritically, for males. We think those 
males were probably telling blond jokes. 
America, however, is a country that prides 
itself on freedom. An essential part of that 

sexuals. But this is rhetorical drivel. We still have law 
that say physically assaulting another person is just plain 
wrong. 

freedom is the freedom to choose, be responsible and be 
dedicated to an association. 

No, the opposition to the way Coloradans voted 
derives from the mindset that righlS are the sole deter-
miner of one's status in our society. What Amendment 
Two does is prevent the creation of yet another reason for 
I itigation.1t stops another use of individual righLS to shred 

In our zest for rights, private associations and society 
become meat ready to go into a rights grinder. The fact 
that the Boy Scouts do not want homosexual or female 
scoutmasters seems to incite the rage of those who want 
every orsanization, club and business to conform to tlltir 

See RIGHTS, page 6 

Thursday, January 21,1993 
, 

DISCOURSE OF 
DEAD TREES 
AND FACTOIDS 
COMMENfARY: The false 
opposition ~tween research 
and teaching is as simplistic and 
constraining as the sound bite 
By Ely Rabani 
Staff Writer 

On Thursday, Jan. 7, this new paper fea-
tured an editorial conceming the UC Technol-
ogy Development Corporation. The editorial 
took a sufficiently skeptical stance about the 
temptations to reorient the direction of aca-
demic inquiry that such a closely linked devel-
opment corporation might pose - a concern 
about ramifications, not the desirability of de-
veloping technologies made possible by re-
search. 

But the editorial mistakenly asserted that the 
primary mission ofthe University ofCalirornia 
i "to educate ... studenLS." This, unfortunately. 
is a very common misconception. Under the 
California Master Plan for Higher Education -
a visionary policy partially enacted in 1960 to 
orient and co-ordinate the tri-partite system of 
public higher education in California - the 
University of California is the state's "lead 
academic research agency." This is sub tan-
tiallydifferent from the orientation toward teach-
ing implied in the editorial. 

But what of it? Isn't this JUSt splitting more 
hairs? Not by a long shot. It strikes at the very 
core of what the UC is about and what it means 
to study here. 

II is always convenient to complain that 
professors aren't concerned with teaching, that 
this university isjust an assembly line on which 
undergraduate education is merely a perfunc-
tory matter, and it is true that step could be 
taken to enhance the way teaching is done here. 

All of that - and we 've all heard it (if not 
actually said it) misses the most valuable aspect 
of the edu~tional opponunity and experience 
here. This i a research institution, and that is 
somerhing to be made the most of. Research and 
education are falsely opposed, when in fact they 
could readily be combined in a most comple-
mentary fashion - doing research call be the 
best education. 

This opposition is due both to the prevalence 
of these misconceptions and to some unfortu-
nate and unnecessary ways in which education 
is structured. If anything, education and re-
search should be more integrated. The firSi step 
is for studenlS to become clear on this concept. 

This false opposition mirrors trends in social 
action in mass society. Teaching implies passiv-
ity (on the pan of the taught): research is essen-
tially active. It's the difference between being 
spoon-fed a torrent of infoonation and gaining 
the independent capacity to produce original 
and meaningful knowledge. The few students 
who discover research and what I call 'the 
learning ethic' (which has nothing to do with 
tired family-values rhetoric) usually discover it 
only late in rheir underg"Taduate careers - and 
this is rhe loss. 

Gaining the capacity to be an independent 
knowledge producer is the best lesson that the 
university can provide; but in a society so bent 
on producing intellectual invalids, it is clear 
how such opportunities can beso systematically 
missed 

However accidentally, this same trend to-
ward cognitive docility is reproduced and culti-
vated in most mass media, including some of the 
reporting in rhis publication. The Tuesday, Jan. 
19 Guardian is a case in point. Were it not 
somerhing recurrent, it would be unworthy of 
mention. But it's reflective of the sound-bite 
redoctionism that habituates so much of the 
media's audience to the unbelievable inanity 
that we are daily invited to consume. 

Conventionally, the sound-bite wi II be some-
thinglhat states conclusions only, and is usually 

See FACTOIDS, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

cc.tENTARY: If suffering means piety, then the innumerable religious conflicts 
that have plagued the history of hwnankind have practically made saints of us all 

CONFESSIONS OF AN ATHEIST 
By Damen Sc:ranton 
Associate Opinion Editor 

I am an atheist. 
There. 1 said it. Quick, pray for me. 
I have not yet reached my 20th binhdayand 

have already come to grips with the fact that 
religion is a crock. That 's right, a crock. Bo-
gus. A big pile 0 ' dog doodoo. 

And that doesn 'tjust apply to Christianity. 
If you put me in a doorless, windowless, 
thoroughly-inescapable room wirh nothi ng but 
fi ve feet of rope and a handful of devout 
Christians. Jews, BuddhislS. Muslims or fol-
lowers or any faith, I wouldn't strangle Ihem in 
any particular order. We'd have a lonery. And 
if the Chri tians felt that they jusl hadto suffer 
a little, why I'd even let them go last. See. 
Atheists aren ' t all bad. 

"But what about the Bible?" believers chant 
in droves. "How can you decry the Great 
Book?" God almighty, people. I'm not decry-
ing allY of the great books. The stories or 
Sampson and Delilah, Jonah and Ezekiel and 
even the big guy himself are some of the 
greatest stories ever told. Plus, they 've in-
spired some really catchy tunes these past few 
decades. But I, personally, find Robert 
Holdstock much more interesting. Less sex. 
Ie s violence. and a much. much tighter plot ... 

Now, [ know what you're thinking. This 
man is obviously bitter about something. 
Maybe he's just rebelling against a strictly 
religious upbringing. Maybe he's some sort of 
a devil put on eanh to tempt the righteous and 
wreak havoc upon the weak. (people do often 
refer to me as Damiell by mistake.) Or maybe 
he's jusl plain stupid. 

Actually, l musr've been stupid todeny my 
Catholic heritage. I've sinned quite a bit over 
rhe years, but nothing that couldn't have been 
absolved with a dozen Hail Marys and a few 
hour service at the confession tand. It was a 
tough decision, butl justcouldn't bring my elf 
to adopt the beliefs of a people who have been 
at the root or so much conflict and bloodshed 
throughout the years. 

But once again, it's not just Christianity. 
Pretty much all or the religion I've ei ther 

God almighty, people, I'm 
not decrying my of the 
great books. The stories of 
Sampson ... Delilah, Jonah 
and Ezekiel and even the 
big guy himself ... some of 
the greatest stories ever 
told. Plus, they've inspired 
some really catchy tunes 
these past few decades. 
But I, personally, find Rob-
art HoIdstock much more 
interesting. I.ess sex, less 
violence and a much, much 
tighter plot ••• 
experienced or been taught about leads to 
confl ict. There were the Cru ades (n um bers 1-
12. take your pick). the Spani~h Inquisition 
and the decades of witch-h unts. both in Europe 
and right here in the Home of the Free. Mus-
lims seem to h:lve their hand, full at the 
moment, what wi th those damned Hindus in 
lndia and those pe ky Jews in the Middle East. 

Pagans have always gotten the short end of 
the stick, but who wou ldn 't wan t one less 
"heathen" in the world. And the Catholics and 
Protestants never really could seem to patch 
things lip after the Reformation. "Thou shalt 
not kill" may have been the Chri tian god's 
fifth commandment and peace on earth may 
have been a top priority, but I don 't know how 
much more of this peace we can take. 

But this commentary isn't about the hun-
dreds of mill ion or people who have been 
"saved" throughout history by believing that 
their deaths were religiou Iy justified. To tell 
you the truth , I've always wanted to write an 
article about the ab urdity of religion. But 
religion seems to represent the bottom line 
when it comes to a person 's being. and dis-
agreeing with a person ' religious beliefs is 
like driving into a brick wall. 

But this homosexuality i sue that has been 
raging back and fonh ror, well , it seems like an 
eternity. is really the topper. 

Life is a very. very precious thing. Whadda 
ya know! I'm not religious and I have come to 
understand Ihe value or human life. What can 
I say? It's a miracle. Maybe some of the 
religiou groups around the world hould spend 
a Iinle bit less time tJying to conven individu-
als to their beliefs and a linle bit more time 
learning how to value life because. unless you 
believe in reincarnation. you've only gO! one 
shot. 

Homosexuals.justl ike blacks alld whites. 
just like left-handers and right -handers. just 
like vegetarians and people who like big. 
bloody slabs of Siuler prime rib, have a right 
to live. TIley have a right to live with you, they 
have a right to live with me and, most impor-
tantly. they have a right to live wi th dignity. 
Without life, there would be no such thing as 
religion. Those who reel that, for one reason or 
,mother. they have a right to devalue the lives 
of other human beings by berating them, con-
demning them or even resenting them need to 
sir down and think about it for a moment. I 
guess that's all one can ru.k. 

Wh ile the end less justifications for 
homophobia that h:lve graced the pages of the 
Guardian these last few month~ have been 
both comical and painstakingly tedious to type 
in, they have not been very easy to ~toma h. 
Quote after quote after quote after quote. It·s 
enough to make the big kahuna in the ~ky hurl. 

Okay,l can undmtand why peqplc created 
religion. Everybody needs ~omething to be-
lieve in. A lot of thing in this world don't 

See ATHEIST, Page 6 

THREE-HOUR SEMINARS ARE A BIG WASTE OF TIME 
Editor: 

In looking overthe Schedule of Classes for 
the Wi nter Quarter, I noticed what has become 
a disturbing trend in the offerings of upper-
division scminar classes. 

The vast majority of upper division four-
unit seminars in several depanmenLS occur in 
three-hour blocks of time once a week. In the 
Department of Political Science, for example, 
only one of I I seminars is offered on a Mon-
day-Wednesday-Friday basis. This detracLS 
from the quality of education provided by the 
university. 

The education of a person is a process that 
requires time, review and a constant discus-
sion of the ubject at hand. Three-hour semi-
nars, because of their occurrence only once a 
week, tend to encourage a "blitzing" of read-
ing the day before class. 

In addilion, rhe daily discussion that is 
needed for the study of these in-deprh subjecLS 
(the nature of the seminar classes) is almost 
encouraged not to take place because the ma-
terial surfaces but once a week. 

Arguments supporting a three-hour class 
revolve around the fact that a long period of 
discussion is needed in ordertO fully digest the 
material. While this certainly is true, meeting 
three times a week enables studenlS to more 
fully ingest the material on a daily basis and 
panicipate in discussions as they go along. 
Meeting three times a week also alleviates the 
problem of waning attention spans, which are 
a regularity of both students and professors. 

Furthennore, experience with three·hour 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
1lle Guardian wetcomes letters IJl)(J cornmentNies nnm lis 
teadets. All letters must be no /otfIer!han rhtee pages, typed, 

~ IJl)(J ~. LefU!fS should also conrsin a 
phooe number. We te$eM! 1M ,.,,1 10 edit for IeIlfIh IJl)(J 
CfIlf1ly. t.errers lIlIIJIoe~ 0"61 tile Guarolan ob on !he 
second fIoorofthe old StudentCenter(tWt't _ the General 
Store CIWP} or sent by mail. Serx1 ai/letters co: 

The Guatdlm 
Opinion tilftor 

9500 GiImNl Dr. 0316 
La .Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

seminars has proven that often they last only 
two or two and one-half hours, in addilion to a 
10 minute break. The in-<:Iass education time 
of a student becomes severely reduced. 

In the coming days of smaller budgets for 
the university, we must take every tep in order 
to improve the quality of our education. Seri-
ou upper-division students, after spending 
years in large, overcrowded lower-division 
classes, are entitled to panicipate in smaller, 
interaction-oriented classes which encourage 
the daily development of the mind. 

The changing of a larger ponion of semi-
nars to a MWF basis would be a cost-efficient 
method of improving the quality of education 
provided by this great university. 

Sherman G. Griffin 

Aslan-Amertcans Are 
People of Color, Too 
Editor: 

In complaining about the plight of people 
of color, Gaye Johnson has ignored a signifi-
cant minority: Asian-Americans. She cites 
specific figures for every other group, but her 
figures don't add up because she doesn't even 
acknowledge the ex istence of38 percent of the 
UCSD population. 

Asians, consisting of Indians, Pacific Is-
landers, continental Asians, etc., are also 
"people of color" and are discriminated again t. 
Spawned by the myth of A ians stealing 
"American" jobs, anti-Asian violence is on a 
phenomenal rise across the country. 

With shows like Fox's "Super Dave," 
Asians are portrayed as two-dimensional cari -
catures in the media and in popular culture. 
Asians are vinually ignored politically; Bill 
Clinton's cabinet "that looks like America" 
has no Asians. I'm not saying that there is a 
white conspiracy out there and that every 
Anglo-American is personally re ponsible for 
it. I'm saying that Asian-American have been 
and are still beingdiscriminaled against. Asian-
Americans are people of color as well. 

Chee·Hahn Hung 



6 OPINION 

RIGHTS: The 
tired mantra of "what 
society owes me" 
ContInued from Pee 4 
bigoted and pn:judiced ethos of the 
way the world should be. 'The only 
human gatherings immune from such 
intolerant leveling are churches and 
synagogues. But why stop there? If 
rights are at issue, why not go the 
whole nine yards? 

Well, hen:'s the rub. The natun:of 
an organization is to discriminate on 
one basis or another- hopefully in a 
good way. 

We have at this campus organiza-
tions which n:present the needs of 
black , Hispanics, homosexuals, 
Asians, chess players, dancers, envi-
ronmentalists, women and so on. 
When an organization forms to serve, 
for instance, the Korean-Americans 
in ourstudent body I hardly think they 
do so specifically to condemn, criti-
cize or calumniate others diffen:nt 
from them. 

But this is not how life in a free 
country is seen by many. Rights are 
now used as the mantra of the victim 

on "what society owes me." Ifa busi-
ness or organization is going to n:ject 
the talented black or homosexual or 
redhead, then it suffers. I do /101 be-
lieve that people have a right to a job 
in a business owned by another per-
son. They may deserve the job but 
this does not mean that they have a 
"right" to the job. 

If a n:jected person ues, then it 
will, no doubt, be for psychological 
damage. But even if a person is n:-
hired. YOII are/orcing the employerto 
hire someone she does not want. Most 
people do not consider or at best pass 
over this fact. Let us agree on the fact 
that it is neither beneficial nor profit-
able to pass over the gifted homo-
sexual or "person of difference." 

In our modem stampede for rights, 
we are trampling not only the rights 
of others but also crushing underfoot 
any discussion of responsibility. Life 
becomes solitary, nasty, poor, brutish 
and short as we assert and counter-
assert our rights to others. 

Rights are extremely important, 
but when used as an ideological flfSl 
strike instead of as weapon of last 
resort for the important issues of life, 
everyone loses. 

Write for the 
Opinion Section 

(Please) 
Otherwise, we'll keep 
printing pictures of this 
monkey ... Got it? 

The UCSD Guardian 

FACTOIDS: 
Sound bites breed 
passivity in readers 
ContInued from .... II 
restricted 10 touchy-ftely statements 
that the audience will either identify 
with or be enraged by. But thi is 
content-lite n:porIing. 

The passivity inheres in a y tem-
atic dccontextualization and an un-
failing tendency 10 omit any logical 
argument that connects point A with 
point B. By inducing the audience to 
never expect such connections, cog-
nitive passivity is reproduced. Why 
thinlcwhen youcanjust feellhe sound 
bite? 

An artic Ie stated that I "tried to 
persuade" (i.e. constructing failure) 
rallygoers that the "economy is not to 
blame." I was quoted as saying "One 
myth we've got to undermine here is 
that [ .. .ilt's not the ... recession; it's 
policy." 

By itself,theassertion might sound 
like a nutty conspiracy theory. But 
then: was no reference to the policy in 
question, i.e. defense cuts without 
economic conversion, which has di-
rectly and indirectly cost California 
over one million jobs in slightly over 
a year - that is policy. Governor 

ATHEIST: Live 
for yourself, not for a 
higher power 
ContInued from pep 5 
make a whole lot of sense, and reli-
gion is certainly a way of getting by. 
It is a source of strength and a source 
of belief that transcends time, space 

UntIl _ effort Is 
...... to 
communicate Id ••• 
...... .-pta Inet •• d 

fII~,no 
m • ......,... 
., •• 11 ... ., no ....... 
....... ~ reference 
118C811 pry for 
COIIIIIIUIIIty action -
01' ........... 01 
reference over 
whldlton ...... 
-d be po •• 1I118. 
I's the .rr.ence 
betw ... 
IIdi.K8.dII ...... 
actively tIIInIcIIC-
Wilson is exploiting the resulting eco-
nomic crisis to "fine tune stale gov-
ernrnent" n:ad, privatize public higher 
education. 

By failing to articulate the argu-
ment (which was made at the event) 
in the quote, the quote is n:ndered 
vacuous. Bener to select fewer quotes 

and thought. Religion is truly an intri-
cate part oflife. But it does not super-
sede life. 

LooIc, all I know is that I am an 
unerly happy human being with no 
feelings of hatred or resentment to-
ward anyone in this entin: world -
not even the people who try to drag 
me to Bible study all the time. Ifl die 
on the way home from work tonight, 

Celebrate & Re-Dedicate ~ THE 
• CHIIDREN'S 

THEATRE RL.lO\( L OJ{ \I()t R\ ',',' 
. the COMPANY 

OF MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA 
Featuring 

Anniversary 
NATIONALLY 

KNOWN of • 
• 
• 
• 

Pro-Choice • 

Comedienne 
••••••••••••••••••• 

LEAH 
KRINSKY 
••••••••••••••••••• 

FRIDAY 
JANUARY 22ND 

Thunday, January 21, 1993 

and present them mon: coherently, at 
least if the goal is to enlighten the 
readership. But if the goal is instead to 
cow everyone into unthinking docil-
ity with a deluge of sound-bites that 
bear Iinle connection to substantive 
issues, then this is the recommended 
sty Ie of n:porting. 

For those thinking that this is an 
exceptional instance, or perhaps just 
sour grape on my part,l will simply 
point to a quote from Dr. Robert 
Livingston which appeared on the 
same page: "The capacity for genuine 
tolerance, empathy and com~ion 
must be tolerated .... " Hmm. I have 
enough faith in the good Dr. 
Livingston to presume that there was 
a coberentstaternent behind thequote. 

Until an effort is made to commu-
nicate ideas and concepts instead of 
factoids, no meaningful synthesis, no 
shared frame of reference necessary 
for community actiOfl-()r even a 
frame of n:ference over which to ne-
gotiate - will be possible. It's the 
diffen:nce between skim-n:ading and 
actively thinking. 

Until the audience is given any 
ba is for treating the information in 
any manner other than passively - if 
it's even worth bothering with at all 
-the Guardian will only be so many 
wasted dead trees. 

1 will die a completely content and 
fulfilled person and my only wish in 
life is that every other human being on 
the face of the earth could experience 
life with that feeling, even if only for 
one moment. It truly would put an end 
to a lot of this world's problems. 

I've never met an atheist who dido ' t 
feel that way, and I've never met a 
person of n:ligion who did. 

and other • 12:00PM/UCSD 
at the HUMP 

THE CRITICALLY ACCLAIMED CHILDREN S THEATRE (0. OF MINNEAPOlIS PREnNT 
THEIR ORIGINAL MUSICAL PRODUCTION OF THE (LASSIC RUDYARD kiPLING STORY 

speakers 

Sponlored by A.S . UCSD and 
Pro-Choice studen .. at UCSD 

contact Valerie of Barbara 
for more information 

131-676() 

JANUARY 31 · SUNDAY • 7PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • S34-6467 

PRESENTED BV UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS 
OFFICE WITH SUPPORT FROM THE 
WESTERN STATES ARTS FEDERATION 

Thursday , January 21, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Concert Co~emorates King 
By julie Pak 
Staff Writer 

Dr. Marrin Luther King, Jr. was 
honored Monday with a commemo-
rative concen for Sludents, faculty 
and members of the UCSDcommu-
nity. 

'The concert included spirituals 
performed by the UCSD Gospel 
OIoir led by UCSD Music Profes-
sor Ken AndeI'SOR with a guest per-
formance by Mike Morgan. The 
keynote address was delivered by 
UCSD History Professor Edward 
Reynolds. 

Third College Provost Cecil 
Lytle greeted the audience and in-
trtXiuced the gospel choir, which he 
began directing 17 years ago with a 
group of only 34slUdents. 'The choir, 
now directed by Anderson, has 
grown to nearly 1,400. 

Filling the entire stage of the 

AID: Cuts in 
assistance threaten 
accessibility of UC 
ContInued from Pee 1 
place, but the level of need will rise 
with a fee incn:ase." 

However, UC President 's Of-
fice spokesman Mike Alva warued 
that it is too early to speculate on the 
financial aid situation. 

'The governor's proposed budget 
must still be negoriated with the 
legislature, and additional factors 
such as federal loan programs and a 
decision by Congn:ss to redefine 
student financial need must be fi g-
ured into the equation. 

Wilson however, believes that 
the coming year will be even more 
challenging for students trying to 
pay fees through financial aid. 
"Whatever problems we had last 
year, it will certainly be worse this 
year," he said. 

The fee increase, along with 
O:lngress' new definition of need, 
means that mon: middle-class stu-
dents will be eligible for financial 
aid. According to Shaw, instead of 
increasing funding , the state is 
spreading the existing grant money 
as thinly as possible to cover the 
increasednumberofneedystudents. 
"More and more students are get-
ting less and less money," he said. 

Shaw pointed to a figure from 
the Student Aid Commission which 
indicated that student loans have 
increased 50 percent or $55 million, 
over the past two years for the UC 
system alone. Shaw said this figure 
demonstrates that financial aid is 
not adequately covering the in-
creased fees students must pay. 

UCSA member Matthew 
Kazmierczak, who represented the 
association's fee an<tfinancial aid 
committee, met last Thursday with 
the Board of Regents to discuss 
fmancial aid, According to an assis-
tant, Kazmierczak stressed that al-
though the availability ofloans does 
help, more financial aid is needed to 
avoid forcing students into debt af-
ter graduation. 

Wilson added that the burden of 
paying back student loans has proved 
too much to bear for many students. 
"We're seeing an incredible rate of 
default on student loans, " he said. 

Feesconstitu\eonlyaboutaquar-
ter of a student's total educational 
cost. In addition 10 the price of tu-
ition, financiaUydisadvantascdstu-
dents must also consider the cost of 
housing, food and books. 

A UCSA fact sheet indicates that 
such expenses, which aren't cov-

o..td ChO/GuMf., 
SpecIal ........... M .. 
Morpn at the concert. 

Mandeville Auditorium, the choir 
perfonned three spirituals: "We' ve 
Come to Praise Him," "Every time 
I Feel the Spirit" and "Swing Low 
Sweet Chariot." 

TIle songs were followed bythn:e 

~"'AId 

opera numbers by Morgan, who was 
accompanied by Lytle on the piano. 

Giving the keynote addre , 
Reynolds reminded the' audience to 
"be strong .. . be brave ... and be 
involved," emphasizing the selfless 
courage of Dr. King and his devoted 
struggles to action and non-violent 
resistance. 

Quoting King, Reynolds said, 
"If then: is nothing in which you're 
willing to die for, you are not fit to 
live." 

Many students were deeply 
moved by the concen. "I feel it is 
very imponant to honor Manin 
Luther King, Jr. and the concen was 
a good way to do it But I also feel it 
should have been publicized mon: 
because I would've liked to see more 
people celebrating the accomplish-
ments King has achieved," said 
Revelle sophomore Cori nna Young. 

UC Financial Aid by Type in Millions of Dollars 

01810/11 ($600.1) .1"1/12 ($709.4) 

o .., 

= = •• o 
LOANS WORKITUDY 

SCHOLARSHIPS/ ASSISTANTSHIPS 
FELLOWSHIPS 

ered by financial aid. have risen by 
$414 since last year . 

According to Shaw, despite the 
rising cost of living, some UC cam-
puses have diverted subsistence 
grant money, intended to help cover 
living expenses for the most needy, 
to help fund tuition grants for the 
"newly needy." 

"It's taking from the needy to 
give to the needy," Shaw said. 

Although Alva would not spe-
cifically address this claim, he did 
say "Generally, the university has 
provided larger financial aid for the 
neediest students." 

According to a press release, 
Schwartz indicated that the univer-
sity was successful in dealing with 
last year' s fee increases by allocat-
ing more money to thesystem 's Fee 
Grant~~.Thispro~fo­
cuses not only on low-income stu-
dents, but middle-class students as 
well. The university anticipates al-
locating more money to the pro-
gram this year. 

Schwartzcited "outside factors." 
namely the Cal Grant program, as 
the biggest stumbling block for fi-
nancially disadvantaged students. 
'The university was only able to com-
pensate for a small portion of the 
program's shortfall. 

Shaw said he was "very wor-
ried" that the inadequacy of the 
state's financial aid programs has 
had an adverse effect on the diver-
sity of the student body. "There's 
been a dramatic drop in African-
American and LaIino enrollment 
n.ere's a general sense that there's 
not enough financial aid." 

Shaw added that the "sticker 
shock" of the price of tuition drives 
many minority students away, 

Miguel Buckenmeyer/Guaroi., 

"People will simply not come to 
theuniversity,"agreedWilson. "It's 
a matter of economics." 

However, Schwartz contends 
that the university's financial aid 
programs have constituted cUlTCnt 
levels of accessiblity to qualified 
students. "There is no evidence that 
UC lost low- or middle-income stu-
dents during the period between 
1988-89 and 1991-92, the latest 
years for which we have income 
data," Schwartz said. 

According to Shaw, the best way 
to give students financial aid is to 
simply lower the cost of fees. 

In a statement to the UC Regents 
last Friday, UCSA President Tobin 
Freid presented several proposals to 
help reduce the cost of fees . 

One proposal suggested that staff 
and faculty who make over $50,000 
a year take a I 0 percent salary cut. 
"For many of you, I'm sure, this is 
unthinkable," Freid said at the meet-
ing. "For us, it is unthinkable that 
anyone making $60,000 a year, with 
a job and an education, cannot live 
just as easily on $54,000 a year in 
order to allow students with no job 
and no education the opportunity 
that a staff or faculty member was 
afforded." 

Freid urged the state to continue 
a half-cent sales tax which the gov-
ernor is not currently supporting. 
The tax would bring in $1.5 biUion 
for school systems statewide if tar-
geted as an "education tax," he said. 

Freid proposed that the adminis-
tration could be streamlined by cut-
ting out all assistant vice presidents 
and assistant vice chancellors. This 
would no« only save money, but 
would improve the efficiency of the 
administration, Freid said. 

NEWS 7 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 · $99 

Complete 
Extended Soft Len cs 

B&L Soft Spin B&L I().I 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Da i I y gas pcrrn . hard 

• Prof ••• lon.t S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 

,OUlI tlplrcJ 31119), • R ••• on.bt. Pric •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. 393!l Adams Ave . 

SEXY,ERO 

arren College 
Student Council 
Wants You! 

Positions available: 
Internal - Vice President Internal 

- Commissioner of Campus Coalition 
for Cultural Concerns (4 C's) 

- Commissioner of Commuter Affairs 
External - Bicycle Circulation Committee 

- Commuter Life Committee 
- Campus and Community Planning 
- Elections Commissioner 
- Financial Aid AdviSOry Committee 
- Registration Fee Committee 
- ~tudent Health Advisory Committee 

Applications available in the Warren College Dean's Office 
(2nd floor Literature Building). Due Wed. January 27 

by 4:00 p.m. in the Dean's Office. 



8 NEW 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
UnIveraIty CentM ao.d SuI- A case filed Nov. 16 against the university 
by the uce was discussed in last night's meeting. The board is suing for 
money allocation rights because as an advisory committee to the adminis-
tration, they are only granted advisory control over their funds. A.S. 
Representative to the UCB, Mark Rotenberg. believes their case Is ·bullt on 
shaky ground· and opposes the UCB Legal COmmittee's decision to run an 
ad In the Guardian to explain their position. A.S. President Mike Holmes, 
who served in Rotenberg's position last quarter, believes that this ad Is a 
good opportunity to inform students and give both sides of the issue. 
Rotenberg, however, feels that the document the UCB plans to run is 
inaccurate. "It doesn't answer the questions a student would ask, • he said, 
pointing out that the document Is largely historical and doesn't reach the 
crux of the Issue until much later. 

Coop N~ The negotiations between the A.S., co-ops. GSA, UCB, 
and university administration resumed this moming at 10 a.m. The meeting 
was "short but intense," and "fairly productive,· according to Holmes. The 
next meeting is Jan. 27 and the deadline for a resolution is Jan. 31. 

Fee Increase Rally- Vice-President of External Affairs Colin Wilson 
reported on the success of the fee protest rally last Thursday. He speculated 
that there were over 130 people In attendance and that 70 letters were 
written to legislators. He also said that they were able to persuade 
Assemblyman Mike Gotch to pledge his support in a phone call placed at 
the rally. 

New Environmental Newspaper - The Council allocated $939 to the 
Student Environmental Action Coalition (SEAC) for production of an environ-
mental newspaper. ceo-Logic. The first issue will be published mid-Winter 
Quarter on 100 percent post-consumer waste recytled paper. 

- ComplIed by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

CAREERS: 
Retail jobs are good 
work experience 
ContInued from pace 2 
orderto recruit have provided posi-
tive feedback about the university. 
"They're amazed at how well our 
students are prepared, because they 
know how to think, they're sman, 
and we're having aneasiertime in 
getting employers to come here 

beeau e they do know that our 
students are very well-prepared," 
he said. 

The Career Services Center is 
holding its annual retail interview-
ing week on Feb. 16-19. 

Anybody interested should 
drop by at least three weeks prior 
to check the li st of companies and 
filJ out priority cards to set up 
interviews. 

The deadline for filing priority 
cards for retail week is Feb. 3. 

The UCSD Guardian 

WATER: Severe 
winter stonn wreaks 
havoc across campus 
ContInued from ..... 1 
pressure and all cold water as a 
result of a leak in the water mains 
Tuesday night. 

The loss of cold water left stu-
dents without the use of showers 
and toilets. Portable toilets were 
brought in, and students were asked 
to use the restrooms at Blake and 
Argo Halls. 

"We asked tudents to use 
friends' howers, ono shower anhe 
gym," Tse said. 

Housing maintenance went door 
to door pouring water into 
everyone's toilets and warning tu-

ART: Graduate 
students team up with 
local elementary kids 
ContInued from pace 3 
that he felt the children had a 101 of 
fun and learned a great deal about 
art. Materials and time for CEA 
were volunteered by the teachers, 
principals and UCSD artists. 

The funding forthe program was 
raised primarily by Katchadourian. 
Originally, the San Diego Museum 
of Art invited the UCSD Visual Arts 
Department to have a show for el-
ementary school children, but it was 
later discovered that the museum 
could not provide the money. The 
CEA decided to raise the money by 
itself. 

Much of the funding was do-
nated by Helen Bing of Los Ange-
les, who regularly donates money to 

~------------------------~ 

dents of the possible health hazards 
that could occur if the toilets were 
used, Tse added. 

The break apparently occurred 
on the north side of 8eagle HaD next 
to the basketball courts. Mainte-
nance crews worked through the 
night and by late Wednesday after-
noon the water pressure had been 
restored and cold water returned to 
thedonns. 

Tse recalled a similar incident 
that occurred on the same weekend 
three years ago, when a 3O-inch 
water main belonging Co the city 
burst, leaving the entire campus 
without water. "Fortunately," Tse 
recalls, "most of the students were 
away for the weekend." 

One of workers trying to restore 
water service to the Revelle dorm 

children's programs. 
At Carver, Katchadourian helped 

the children create an audio tour of 
the museum of art clllled "An in 
YourEar.'·Shespenttimewiththem 
in class, encouraging them to make 
up stories about pieces of art, and 
then took them to the museum, tap-
ing them as they observed different 
an pieces. The tapes will be avail-
able for check-out at the museum. 

Another Carver project was en-
titled "Laundry," in which grad stu-
dent Olav Wesrphalen had children 
bring their favorite article of cloth-
ing to school to string up on a flag-
pole in place of the usual flags. 
Photos of the project were taken and 
will also be put on display. 

A Torrey Pines elementary 
school project was a video piece 
called "Equilibrium Pool Party" in 
which students swarn in the La loll a 
YMCA pool and performed in front 

Thunday, January 21, 1993 

theorized that the water main breaks 
were a result of shifting soil caused 
by the rain. 

In addition to the water prob-
lems, Physical Plant Service (PPS) 
Tree Trimming Supervisor Philip 
Peters reported thai the recent storms 
downed 18 trees 8t various loca-
tions around campus. 

A 3,500-pound limb landed on 
the roof of the Central Util ities Plant. 
According to Peters, "If the limb 
hadn't stayed on the roof, it would 
have landed on 8 new high-energy 
transformer ... 

Another tree reportedly hit a truck 
parked near Bonner Hall and caused 
superficial damage. 

"For as wet as the ground is, 
we're still doing pretty well," Peters 
concluded. 

of two videocarneras,one above the 
water and one below. Ani t Brian 
Dick and Steven Matheson were in 
charge of the project. 

One of the main goals of the 
CEA was to create a new and inter-
esting learning experience for both 
the elementary students and the 
graduate students. 

TIle graduate students were able 
to expe.rience a completely differ-
ent audience, one that had not yet 
defined art. "Kids will do anything 
as long as it's fun," Katchadourian 
said. 

Participating UCSD art students 
may fi nd job opportunities working 
with the schools. According to 
Kaprow, this is "a chance for the 
community as a whole to see that 
UCSD does work in the commu· 
nity, [rather than] see the university 
as a wealthy university that keeps to 
itselr." 

a 
told · 
you? 

A friend? '" 
Your sister? , .. 
A co-worker? .... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for STDs and 
HIV, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

Vote on Constltullonal Amendments 
and Olher Referenda 

associated 

elecllon 
Winter '93 

Polls Open 10 AM - ~ PM 

Price Cenler Library Walk 
Main Gym Sleps 

In event 01 rain. polls will be mowed 10 Ihe 
Price Cenler Ballroom labb, 

and Ibe Main G,m Fo,er 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231·1711 
When you care 
about your health 
... word gets around. 

'11n81_ Parillb.ld 
If 111111.1 C.IIII 

Thunday.January2I,l993 

GREGG 

UJIBIf 
I Want to Teach 
The World to Sing 

If you knew me before yesterday, 
you'd be surprised about how much 
I've changed in the past 48 hours. On 
Tuesday I was a bitter, coldhearted. 
hardbittcn. cynical kind of guy. But I 
woke up yesterday to find the sky a 
little bluer, the grass a little greener, 
even the birds chiJping a linle cheerier. 
Yes, it's now Bill Clinton's America, 
and coldhearted cynicism is no longer 
allowed. 

This new spirit of optimism floods 
the cold cocldes of my heart like a 
joyous chorus of "I Want to Teach the 
World to Sing," uplifting my pirit and 
bringing a neverending smile to my 
face. "Remember that 20 bucks you 
owed me before you crashed my car 
after borrowing it without asking me 45 
minutes after you had downed those 
bottles of pcppennint schnapps and 
lack Daniels and then wrapped it 
around a telephone pole in Tijuana? 
Well, don't wony about it," I told my 
friend yesterday before hugging him 
and taking him out roc ice cream. 

Much the same sentiments are being 
expressed in the sporting world. 
Football reams have promised IlOI to hit 
an opposing player and then body slam 
him to the ground. In C1inton's 
America, they will gently lower the 
opponent to the ground before helping 
him up again. The NR.. rules commit-
tee is considering two-hand touch for 
quanerbacks, while defensive linemen 
have promised to dolhe "Hokey 
Pokey" a<i a sack dance from now on. 

B illLaimbeer has reformed his 
ways and is now head of the NBA's 
"Sharing and Caring with Your 
Oppa;ition" committee. while his 
teammates and the Olicago BuUs met 
in a hotel outside of Detroit to ta1k out 
their feelings of hostility toward one 
another. "It was great," said a weeping 
Dennis Rodman, "We held hands, sang 
'Puff the Magic Dragon,' and roasted 
marslunallows.l'm so happy now, ( 
just want to frolic in a field of tulips," 
the 6-9 rebounding fiend sighed. 

There is also no place for sloth or 
beer bellies in Bill Clinton's America 
Physical fItneSS is now the rage, since 
everybody needs to be in tip-top 
condition in order to be happy. I have 
adoJed a program similar to our 
conunander-in~s rigorous training 
methods. ( walk in fr<m the parking lot. 
wiUk between classes and then hit 
Wendy's for a double wiIh cheese and 
large fries. Thal' 5 followed by an 
exhausting drive bane where I recharge 
my baIteries with a couple-6f Ho-Ho's 
or Ding·Dongs whi1e warching the 
Cindy Crawford workc:u video. 
Watching that video will make the 
average guy sweat just as much a<i if he 
were doing an hour of step aerobics. 

The key to the workout is of course the 
fluorescell green running shorts that even 
Cindy would think were too short to wear. 

Oops.labnostforgOllllCledtopick up 
another pair of those shorts today. I need 
some to wear when the first pair are in the 
wash. 

The UC 0 Guardian SPORTS 9 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
Sabrina Lum powers her way to the ftnlsh durtng a 1~yard backstroke eartler this year. Lum Is the UCSD record-holder In two events. 

UCSD Soaked at Cal, USD 
twO NElS: Men lose at Cal while 
women fall at ClOSS-town rival usn 
By Bree Se&aI 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's swimming and diving team 
got more wet than usual at the Univer.;ity of San 
Diego Quad Meet Satwday, when the Tritons faced 
talented swimmers from Colorado State and U niver-
sity of PacifIC. "We did very well considering the 
weather. Itwa<ipouring,"said freshmanCanie Parker. 

Senior Sabrina Lum. holder of the Triton record 
for 100- and 200-yard buttetf1y, made a national cut 
with I :57.86 in the 200-yard freestyle.With the sea-
son grinding toward a ftnish. the women are cutting 
down yardage in prnctice in order to rest for the 
confCJmCe tnCd. 

Meanwhile, the Triton men were in Berkeley for 
a dual meeI agairL<;t Cal and UC Davis. "It's hard to 
keep a positive attitude when the weather is bad." said 
junior aw lagard. Even though the rain made the 
meet colder, the Tritons remained WlStoppable. 

Highliglti of the weekend against Davis were 
provided by Mark FahIen. who made the NCAA 
conditional. or 'B" cut in the 500-yard freestyle and 
Travis Miller who shined in the 200-yard 1M and 
200-yard backstroke. 

Taylor Spangler took the 200-yard breastroke 
while lohn Flowers was a force in the 150- and 50-
yard freestyles with Andy HoUywood also a high-
light in the 1000yard lw:kstroke. 

After the UCD meet ended, sophomore Erik 
Pederson concluded, "Wedidn 't win the Davis rneet, 
but it was more of a team trip and we accomplished 
a lot that way." Pederson also said that the Tritons are 
swimming consistently better than last year. 

Dan McOlMetI/Guan:tlIlO 
JUI Jackson triumphed at USD SatLwday. 

Many team members turned in command perfor-
mances against Berkeley. Fah1en made the B standard 
in the mile and Miller, with the best swim of the meet. 
took some time off of his I :49.0 national record time 
in the 200-yard backstroke. 

Ryan Olapman, junior captain, had his best swim 
ever in the 200 -yard breastrok.e, while Rowers had his 
best time of the year in the 1000yard freestyle. Holly-
wood also mastered his lifetime best swim unshaved 
in the 200-yard backstroke. 

''The team a<ia wholedidrea1ly well. The team gO! 
a lot closer- it was just the guy," junior Pete Shim 
said. Shim Iook.s forward to the challenging meets in 

See SWIM, Page 14 

The Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
EARL EDWARDS LEAVING: 
Associate Athletic Director Earl 

Edwards is leaving UCSD to 
become Athletic Director at East 

Stroudsburg in 
Permsylvania Pap 14 

VOLI.EYBALL: UCSD kicks off 
its home season against San 

Diego State on Saturday, its first 
home match as a member of the 

powerful Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation, a merger of the 

Pac-lO, Big West and Western 
Athletic conferences. PIlle 10 

Oan McOoweli/ Guattiian 

1be He ... MItchup: Men', vo11eybaii VI. San DIego State, Saturday at 7 p.m., ,... Gym. This Is the Trftons' first home game 81 a member of 
the McuII:aIn PacItIc Sports Fedelatlon, a 14-team Ie..- that Includes defending national champion Peppetdlne 81 well 81 USC and UCLA. 
Other Games: SwInm~ and dMre lIS, U~, Saturday at 11 a.m., Canyonview Pool. Men's basketball at PoInt Lorna, tonight and lIS. Dominican College, Friday at 7 p.m .. Main Gym. Men's tennis 
at USD, Sooday. Women's basketball at UC Santa Cruz, Friday, at Mills College, Saturday and at Sonoma State, Sunday. . 



Thursday, January 21, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS lO 

UCSD To Take On Aztecs This Weekend 
MEN'S \IOILIYIMU: 
Tritons face San Diego 
State in .reir home season 
qJenef 00 Saturday 
ayaa.lrRJcley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men' volleyball team 
ha<; a vtrj rough road ahead. 

Its erlD'IIIItt iIIo the Mowum Pa-
cific Spons Fcdcration means a sched-
ule IaaxI with the best learnS in the 
nation. 

The federation is a merger of the 
tine largest conferences in the western 
U.S. - theBig West, the Pac-lOalXlthe 
Western Athletic Conference. 

b was fanned 10 pool resources in 
sevcroilllOll-levenue sports and remain 
consisIm with the high level of compe-
tition that each of the conferences have 
come to expect. 

In men's volleyball, the Mountain 
PacifIC Sports Federation is a 14-team 
league which is splil inro twO divisions, 
the Mountain and the PacifIC rt:SpeC-

Dan McDowell/Guardian tively. 
Matt areca will be • malor factor for UCSD on Saturday nllM· TheMountaindivisionincludc:ssuch 

Thanks to our advertisers for supporting 

GREEK COLUMNS 

(OLLEGE NIGHT! 
$1 00' Domestic Pints 

• Coors Light, Bud, &Bud Light 

$1.50 Premium Pints 
. Samuel Adams, Guiness, Black & TailS, 

Pele's Wicked Ale, & Bass 

$1.50 U Name It Shots! 
r ··-··-··-------------.. - .. --- . --

SOUTH OF ~ 
! THE BORDER 
I $1.00 Fish Tacos $1.00 
I $1.00 Rolled Tacos Corona & 
! $1.50 Tequila Shots Margaritas I 
I ~~~~.OO $3.00 ! 
: '1;yW Pitchers Refills ! l.-.. - .. - .. -.-_ .. _______ .. ____ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. ....i 
Sign Up 10 Win a FREE HAPPY HOlla 

I We NOW Book Exchanle5 I 
909 Prospect St. La Jolla (619) 454-9722 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Dt>ats 

Steals 

Rentuls 

Stt'rftlS 

Surlbollrds 

Auto Repair 

Salts 

.Jobs 

Rooms 

Babysitt~rs 

Computers 

TUlors 

und more in 
The Ollamia" 

CIas.~ineds. 
What do 

),011 need? 

......... 
upstairs in the 
Student Center 

above the 
General Store. 

schools as Brigham Young. Cal Stale 
Nonhridge, Loyola Marymount. 
Pepperdine, UC Irvine, UClA and 
UCSB. 

The PacifIC division concains Ha-
waii. Long Beach Scale, Pacific, USC. 
Slanford. San Diego Slate and UCSD. 
. Unfortunalely for the 

Tritons, !heir fll"Sl tasIe of 
the league was a biaer one, 
as they were blown 0Ul of 
the water by the defeOO-
ing national champion 
Pepperdine, 15-2, 15-1. 
154. 

Joining the league 
gives the Tritons several 
distinct advantages. First, 
theirmembershipenablc:s 
UCSD 10 host a fairshare 
of matches. Befm: j0in-
ing, the Tritons had to 
play the national power-
houses on the road. 

Also. the federation assures UCSD 
of the highest level of competition in the 
nation, as many of the reams in the 
league are irlCluded in the top-20 nalion-
wide. 

The team will gel its chance 10 prove 
itself in a hUll)' in the corning weeks as 
they play noSliO fourSlraight federalion 
malchc:s. The upcoming foes for the 
Tritom irlClude San Diego Stale. Pa-
CifIC, Cal Swe Northridge, and UC 
Sda Bart.ra. 

Once the season has 
come to an end, the Moun-
tain Pacific Spms federa-
tion tournament will be 
played in late ApriJ aIXI in 
the fll"Sl part of March aI UC 
Irvine. 

The tournament will in-
clude the top three fmishers 
from each division plus the 
next two best teams on over-
all rccmI. 

The two division win-
ners will meet in the ftrSt 
round malch. The winner 
will then receive an auto-

malic berth in the NCAA Olampion-
shiJl6 while the loser will next advance 
to the semifmals of the federation tour-
nament 

The 1993 NCAA CllampionshiJl6 
will be played May 7 -8 at UOA 

STEEPLECHASE 
FINAL WEEK OF JANUARY 

CLEARANCE 
30% TO 75% OFF ENTIRE STOCK* 

SPORTSWEAR, DRESS SHIRTS. TIES, SUITS , 
SPORTSCOATS, AND SHOES. 

R)LO , R\LI','~C~I~'~~ N~najjf1Ca: 
To .... y HILFGER • I'"ERRELL REED. JOSEPH AaaOAD • KAHALA 

INTERVIE'W SUIT SPECIAL $3'9999 ONE SUIT. ONE DRESS SHIRT AND TIE , 
ONE PAIR POLO SHOES ALL FOR 

STEEPLECHASE 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

UPPER L.EVEL. NEAR NORDSTROMS SS8.8166 

•............... ~~ ...• 
. , . 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• ~B~T~ • 
• o<>TLOtolG ~ A • 
• 

BU'f AN'f f ICE "HO G~' • 
REGULI<R pR lEE 

: VALID ONLY AT F .IDR«'MK • eM'PS : 
• ""1!lAMAR 22~J,. MT 10. • 
• 

LCXATIONS, wrrl4 sTUDE O"flll'" ,,1tC)MO. • 
"'-lAM """ENT NOT 1/ foLIO wrrll I>l4Y 

• UC:SO 10. __ ----. 

• • • • 
• • • 6780 MIRAMAR RoAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. • 
• 87!50 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thursday, Januar 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian Jl 

"' ... 

PEEK : l) : .' : 
.' ~ ' '. 

" 

: 

~;;::~JL~} A New Tradition at 
" ~ UCSD 

sample five others. The Boys and 

J 

It GirlsClubofSanDiegowiIJreceive In hopes of wanning up some the proceeds raised by the sale of cold bodies this February, the IFCI the chili made by the entered 
Panhellenic, in cooperation with groups. Awards will go to the chili 
the Associated Students, is deemed best by popular opinion as 
planning on throwing a huge bash. well as a special award chosen by a 
In fact, it is the I st Annual Red Hot panel of judg",. In addition to the 
Chilly Bash which is to take place chili contest, bands are scheduled 
on Friday, February 26 at Muir to perfonn throughout the day. 
Field. According to Alicia Hoey, Local merchants will also be on 
one of the directors of the event, hand with various promotions and 
nothing is being spared for this giveaways including a local radio 
combined chili contest and band station filling in between the bands. 
social. Hopes are that this event The festivities begin at II :30 am 
will involve the entire campus, not and go late into the afternoon. Bets 
just the Greeks and invitations are are that the Red Hot Chilly Bash 
being extended to all campus will become a traditional 
organizations to participate. counterpantothe Sun God Festival 
Tickets will be sold to the public which occurs in the Spring 
for a nominal fee of $2 for a bowl 
of chili and the chance to 

Derby Days Ready 
toGo 

Sigma Chi Fraternity 
received initial support from 
the Pan hellenic Association on 
Tuesday. January 20 for it's 
annual Derby Days fund raiser. 
As in past years, the event raises 
money for organizations like 
the Children's Miracle Network 

competitions of this three day 
event. Steve Kremser, Derby 
Days chairperson. hopes to raise 
more than last year's $2,000 
total. With the approving vote 
from the President's Council, 
everything seems sel for sorority 
panicpation on May 13-15. 

UCSDir 
PANHELLENIC 

SSOCIATION ~ 
:,\~~' ,~ '\ • • ~ • I • 
. . . . 

and the UCSO Daycare 
Center. Lip sync , 
philanthropy day. and 
the scavenger hunt are 
just a few of the Y "h 77 

@~ 
Sports Corner 

The men finished the Fall 
Quaner spons season with a seven 
on seven Flag Football tournament. 
Historically, this tournament has 
always been the hard hitting 
pinnacle of the Fall season. This 
year proved to be no different. 

The tournament was 
extremely competitive and some of 
the favorites from previous years 
were eliminated early in the week. 
Last year's first and third place 
teams, SAE and Pi Kappa Phi 
respectively. were eliminated in 
their first games. This left the field 
open for other fraternities to make 
their mark ' on UCSO ' s largest 
football tournament. 

One fraternity that was 
hoping to take advantage of the 
early eliminations was Sigma Nu 
who lost a heartbreaker to SAE in 
the championship game last year. 
Early in the tournament, it looked 
as if last year's second place team 

might move up a notch to first 
place after they soundly defeated 
Delta Tau Delta, an extrememly 
good ZBTteam, and a surprisingly 
high finishing Beta Theta Pi team. 
In the other bracket, TKE showed 
that they were ready to make a run 
for the title by defeating their 
previous three opponents by an 
average of two touchdowns per 
game. 

After seeing or playing 
Sigma Nu and TKE earlier in the 
week, one could see that the 
championship game was going to 
be an exciting one. These two 
teams, neither dependent solely 
upon a running or passing offense, 
pounded and clawed for every yard 
that the opposing team's tenacious 
defense would allow. At the end 
of the game, each team had 
accumulated seven points. 
"California Ovenime" was used to 
detennine the winner of the game. 
"California Overtime" is an 
overtime game where each team is 

SUnday Monday Tu.dav 
1124 1125 1128 

tFCIPanhellenic 
Exec. Board 
InterviIwI 

Brain Te!~~!~"bY ~p~ 
Every year, the five 

6 o'clock tonight. Teams do not 
Colleges partic ipate in the need to be compo ed of members 
UCSD College Bowl ofthe same chapler.andcanbe 
Competition. They hold coed. A graduate student can also 
separate competitions in order be on the leam. Come out and 
to detennine their best teams 

support lFC and Panhellenic! 
and send them to the UCSO 
All-Campus final s. This year, 
an invitation has been extended 
to lFC and Panhellenic to hold 
their own toumament and send 
their 2 best teams to the All -
Campus final, and then perhaps 
to the state-wide championship! 

College Bowl is a fast-
paced question and answer 
game played between teams of 
4 members each. The game is 
played in halves. each lasting 7 
minutes, with points scored by 
correctly answering questions. 
The queslions cover a range of 
topics from history. science, 
literature, to current events, 
sports, and popular culture. 
Multi-cultural questions are also 
featured in each game packet. 

C LLEIJE BOWL 
Study 

Break 
Those who missed last 

quaner' s IFC/Panhellenic's Study 
Break missed more than just free 
pizza, sodas and funky music. They 
missed an opponunity to win a 
$700 prize offered by one of our 
Greek Card sponsors. Kaplan, who 
sent representatives 10 provide 
Greeks with infonnation on prep 
classes for the MCAT, LSAT, 
DAT, and other standardized tests. 

The raffle held at the end 
of the Break detennined who the 
lucky winner of Ihe prize was. 
Rob Silva from Sigma Nu chapler 
won a free Kaplan class worth 
approximately $700. 

Congratulations to Rob and may 

The tournaments are 
being held throughoutthis week. 
IFC and Panhellenic's 
toumament will be held tonight 
at 8 pm in Gallery A. The UCSD 
All-Campus final will be held 
next week on Thursday, January 
28, 1993. The UCSO champions 
will then go on to compete in 
the slate-wide competition in 
Fresno. March 1-3, 1993. 

(""""If'" • 
he ace his tests! So, why not try l;~1 
your luck at the next Study Break i 
during Winter Quarter' fi nals r-,=J=::l'\~~O~\i..,-:-I 
week? Don ' t miss out. .. ( , ~ If you are interested in 

panicipating. it is not too late to 
sign up for CollegeBowl 93. 
Sign-up sheets are available at 
the lFC/Panhellenicoffice, and 

'-izy~,ii!;:o~~ ~q.u 

positioned on the Fifty yard line 
and given four plays. Alternating 
each play, the team whose offense 
moves the ball the fanhest from the 
line, or scores a touchdown, wins 
the game. This ovenimecontinued 
with a hard hitting variety of plays, 

The men and women will begin 
their Winter spons season on 

January 26-28 with inner-tube 
waterpolo. 

just as the game had. After eight 
plays, TKE was victorious in 
moving the ball farther into Sigma 
Nu's territory. The TKE's had 
won the tounament and handed 
Sigma Nu a _---------, 
bittersweet ISS Standings 
second place 1-____ ----:O:::.;v;.:;era=..lI--l 
for the I MIl. 150 

2 AXn 125 
second year 3 AGn 120 
in a row. 4 xn 100 

4 nB4%I 100 
6KKr 60 
6 L1r 60 
8 DC 40 

Thursday Friday 

I 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 

10 
10 
11 
13 

1122 
IFCIPanheilenk: 

College Bowl 

1171 1128 

Exec. Board 
Applications Due 

ANGLE Applications 
Due 

1/29 

IFC StandIngs 
Foolball Overall 
~E 40 165 
IX 40 130 
:EN 80 123 
ZBT 40 122.' 
TKE 100 100 
4%168 20 95 
B8n 60 90 
Dl»E 20 82.' 
LAM 20 65 
6TL1 20 63 
4%lK8 40 63 
m 20 50 
FIn 20 43 

Saturday 
1/23 

1/30 

, . 

", 

1FC11S8 W'" Polo IFCIIII W'" Polo IFCIISS W ..... Polo 
800 ~ 

1. I ,.15 
.~ 



r • 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
GRE ~ Teet-8:45 am.. 
12:00 noon. Sat. Jan 23. OASIS 
Study MIII8g8fT18I1l CenI8r, Yert 
ttaI-«)10.PreIegIsbalb1requlred. 
534-7344. nESE l1MES ARE A 

CORRECT1ONofMonday's~ 
Ian C81andar. (1121) 

INTERNATIONAL CAFE f!Nery Fri., 
11 :30-1 ~ at 1he Int1 Center. Make 
reN friends, ~ reN ITl6flJ eadl 
week. AI AmeI., foreigl studen1s and 
stali '" ~Icome. 0nIy$2.50. (1114-1121) 
SpingBreak.MexicoCity. QJbsaItour 
ofMexmCity, Pyramids, VIIages, ~ 
Info session 1127. 11 ~ 12:30, PC 
San Frardsro Room. Sponsored by 
P.eveletVrfthICounciI Travel. (1121) 

The e 
advertiser make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
feces ion-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Falrmair's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale .................. .488·1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455·0662 
Domino·s .. . ........ . . .452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578· 7892 
UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ..... .. ... 695· t 990 
Robert·s ........................ 275·1132 
Tom'S Masler Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587·4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Anltudes.... ... 457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH" mNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534·4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............ 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ........ .. ........... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DOS ......... 558·3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .............. 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ............ ..... 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery ............ ... 450·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ...... .. ...... 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ...... .. .. .... .... 457·1007 
Kinko'S ........ ................. 457·3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperiearning .. ..... ........ 455·1 000 
MCAT Review ... .. .. ....... 456-4848 
Princeton Review .. ....... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........ .. 274·ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587·1414 
Volleybar & Grill ..... ...... 270· 7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ..................... .. 226·1733 
Name of the Game [Comics) 274·GAME 
SI. Germain's ............... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
studems (for personal use only). $3 forfaculty alld staff, and $4 for others. Payment ;n 
advance is required: there/ore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 10 'The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thur. day for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue, The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caJ/ 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Atlll: C lassijieds,9500Gilman Drive, 
0316,l.a Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, tOpjlOO1: 

Do you need an on-<:af1llUS Notary 
Publk:? Ifso,call587·7911 . (1 /4-613) 
WHAlEWATCHINGon Magdalena 
Bay, Baja California, on chartered 
SO' x 25' trimaran sailing yach~ Feb 
1-6 or 22·28. Need 1·3 preferrably 
non-smoking persons to share ex-
penses of about $600 each. No sail-
ing experience needed, protected 
waters (no seasickness). Great div-
ing and windsurfing, too. Get there 
by car or bus. Call or fax Jerry (619) 

~~. (1/19-1125) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIP. Gain marketing, sales, 
customer service, production, 
accounting with the longest proven 
track record. We guarantee $2,500 
in cofll)9l'lsation with vastopportunity 
for more. Call Student Works Painting 
(formerly Student Painters) . 1-1300-
394-6000. Limited positions 
available. (1/4-218) 

EARN $50()..$1 ,000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. for details - RUSH $1 
with SASE to: GROUP AVE, 57 
Greentree Drive, Suite 307, Dover, 
DE 19901 . (1/4-2116) 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7,00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI_ 

JaO,lrlese cars only. Includes new 
spark pllCI, set tlmlrtC. scope 
encino, under hood check. 
Vans 8- '*4 ~ • . pllIIl lflOOI pIu&, e.llra 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most poSitions 
filled by Feb. Gain val. expo 
managing 6-8 employees. 
customers, and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-16.00'0+. Call 
·University Painting Pros." Infol 
appl. CALL 800-525-5877. (117-
3/29) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA INCOME 
NOWI ENVELOPE STUFFING 
- $600 - $800 every week -
Free Details : SASE to 
International Inc. 1356 Coney 
Island Ave. Brooklyn , New York 
11230. (117-2118) 

Balloon-twisting entertainers. 
Excellent pay, flexible hours. Will 
train . (800) 497-1294. (1 /14-1 /28) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! 
Many positions. Great benefits . 
Call1 -BOO-436·4365 ext. P-3387. 
(1/19·1 /21 ) 
UNLIMITED INCOME. Flexible 
hours. Helping friends. Call Mike 
233·0351 or Mary 697-9726. (11 
19-1/21) 

ARE YOU TIRED OF 
WORKING FOR OTHER 
PEOPLE? LEARN HOW TO 
START YOUR OWN 
BUSINESS! · Don 't let today 's 
economy discourage you 
from attain ing " F i nancia l 
Independence ." Learn how 
to diversify your income and 
take charge of your 
expenses .. . before it takes 
charge of you I Call for 
appointment (M -F 8-4 :30) 
Front Line Entrepreneurs 
274-8956 [leave message). (1 1 
21 ) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -
Earn $2,000+/month + world 
travel (Hawaii, Mexico, the 
Caribbean. etc .) Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No experience 
necessary. For employment 
program call 1-206-634-0468 ext. 
C5976. (1/25-2111) 

AIDE FOR ATTORNEY Disabled 
female attorney needs individual 
to aid at desk. 8:30 a.m . - 7:00 
p.m .• Tuesdays and Thursdays, 
beginning immediately . 
Responsibilities include filing. 
proofreading, bookkeeping. 
assistance at court , good 
grammar and punctuation skills. 
Excellent driving record 
necessary. Call 699-3574. (1 /21) 
GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 AN 
HOURI Each member of your frat, 
sorority, team, club, etc. pitches 
in just one hour and your group 
can raise $1,000 in just a few 
days! Plus a chance to earn 
$1,000 for yourself! No cost. No 
obligation. 1-800-932·0528, ext. 
65. (1 /21 -211 B) 
GREATSUMMEROPPORTUNrTY 
Jewish co-ed residential camp seeks 
counselofsand speclallsls. eaptaJ 
Camps, located in the beautiful 
Catoctin Mountains. one hOlM' from 
Washington, D.C.offerstennis, water 
sports , nature, arts. video, 
gymnastics, radio, drama, photo., 
etc. If you are interested in the 
chalengesandexcitementofworking 
with campers in grades 3-10, we 
want you onourteam. Good salaries, 
great fun I Our director will be on 
campus on Feb. 12. For more 
infonnation and an appointment. caB 
1·800-229-7852. (1121-1128) 

Thursday, January 21, 1993 

NORTHEAST PREMIER SUMMER 
CAMPS NEED INSTRUCTORS: 
Tennis, WSLtfeguards, alwaterfront. 
baseball. Call Arlene 1-800-443-
6428. (1121) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Publk:? If so. call587-7911 . (1/4-613) 

VOICE/ACTING FOR SINGERS! 
ACTORS - 42 years, all level&' 
styles. NY city opera, musicals, top 
cIlbs, oommerciaIs. On a mikeIcam-
era voice-over. Special fee: voice & 
piano, organ. glitar. Michael Bondon 
598-5223. (117-211) 
RESUMES. Professionally hted. 
laser lIIrleset. Resume pad<a'1J6 in-~&i~tipsbrtxtue. 
PagesPius 452-1240. (117-1125) 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La 
Jolla Barber Shop, Quality Bar-
ber, Hair Cuts sa. 7760 Faye Ave., 
Suite F, 459-5792. (1121) 
Macintosh text & graphics scan-
ning. On campus and affordable . 
Call Mike 622·1147. (1 /14-3/11) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452·9949. (1119·6/3) 
Need typing/word processing 
done? Will do any size job, any 
type of job. I will also do editing if 
needed or wanted. Call Caro1481-
6364 evenings. (1/19-3111) 
GRE Dlagnosllc Test -8:45 am.-
12:00 noon. Sal. Jan 23. OASIS 
Study Management Center, YOIt< 
HaIJ.401D.PreregIstratIonrequired. 
534-7344. 1liESE l1MES ARE A 
CORRECTlONoIMonday'sGuard-
ian C81endar_ (1121) 
Laserdisc Movie Rental Special $1. 
Low, low price on laserdisc players. 
LAZER USA 457-3401 . (1125) 

TV reporter on-camera delivery 
1-day workshops. Call for infor-
mation. 782-3582. (1/21) 

WANTED 
Bass player and singer wanted for 
retro-70s garage band. Love of 
weasels and Welcome Back Kotter 
reruns a plus. Call Tony at452-3236 
or Ben at 586-1751. (1114-1121) Brake Special · $60 

CaD Auto Car. 
Mon . .frl. 7 am-6 pm. Sat. 8-5 
6660 Mlr_ Rd., suite C 

(behind Goodyear) 
san OIe,o. CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

• most cars 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77C1: · 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve. Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 
only 4«1: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive IA 
In the Golden Triangle 

Thursday, January 21,1993 

Former SCENIC ROOTS 
members looking for new bass 
player. Must be versatile, vocals+. 
Mark 452-2671, John 273-2145. 
(1/14-1/21 ) 

Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old needed to participate in 
UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the effect of sounds on 
the eyeblink reflex. Compensation 
will be provided. Call 543·2494 
for information. (1121) 

FOR SALE 
Twin mattress set $65. Dinette 
set $150. Sofa & loveseat $200. 
Futon & frame $75. Can deliver 
576·8244. (117-211) 
Surfboards for sale: 7'6 Byrne 
and other short boards. Call for 
information : 552-0920. (117-1125) 

Honda Accord HB. AC, high-mile-
age but great for short daily com-
mute'. $900/0 .b.o. 551-9330. (11 
14·1 /21) 
MOVING SALE. futon, kitchen 
table, chairs. TV. mattresses, bar 
stools, household items, miscel-
laneous. Call 452-4268. (1/19-1/ 
21) 

Kenwood Home Stereo includes: 
CD player, double cassette deck, 
tuner, turntable. amplifier, equal-
izer, 100 watt 3·way speakers. 
Paid over $1000. sell for $425 
o.b.o. Call Alfredo 587-8980. (1/ 
19-1/21) 

IBM COMPATIBLE COM-
PUTER : 20MB hard drive . 
8M HZ dual speed capability. 
Princeton Graphic System 
Monitor. EPSON FX80 Printer 
and keyboard included. 
Loaded with software (WP 5.1 
and DBASE III) . $300 o.b.o. 
Call 756·5491. (1/19-1/25) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER 
with 20 megabyte hard drive, 
printer, all utilities and manu-
als, ·Macpaint. Hypercard , 
Microsoft Word and other pro-
grams. In excellent condition. 
$850 o .b.o. Call ChriS 278-
1977 (leave message) . (1119-
2/1 ) 

Wilson Profile Hammer tennis 
racket, excellent condition, 
Sportchalet price $230, steal at 
$135. Mitchell 546·9081. (1/119-
1128) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats. 4 
wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI. 
IRS. DEA. Available your area 
now. Call1-800·436-4363ex1. C· 
7556. (1/19,2111) 

I 
Quf)(um Car Alarm \- two 
alarms in one, effective, inex-
pensive. perfect for: student 
vehicles . Sean 899-9202. (1/ 
19·1/25) 

HELP WANTED 

Admlnlat ... tlve Assistant 

Protect yourself from a rape. mug-
ging or attack. Arm yourself with a 
Quorum PAL (Personal Attack 
Alarm) $30. Sean 899-9202. A 
small price to pay for personal 
security. (1119-1/21) 

Alpina snowboard boots. Hard 
boot construction. Mens' size 8. 
Used once. sao o.b.o. Sean 899-
9202. (1/19-1/25) 

LA JOLLAlUCSD CONDOS -
OPEN SUN 1-4 Sellers help pay 
closing costs: ·3304cmto Eastbluf 
#142 $189K Sunny, Faces South 
2br, den. 2.5 ba 2 gar. -3294 via 
Alicante Now $208K 3 br, 2.5 ba. 
2 gar, Ig patio, Privacy in woods. 
Call : FIRST TIME BUYER tax 
credit/grants. RelMax Assoc. 
Haddox 275-2618. (1 /21) • 
1988 MERCURY TRACER. 2-
Door. Blue, 55.000 mi. Runs great, 
asking $2.800, 5-speed. After 7 
p.m. 538-1165. (1/21) 

TI-81 Texas Instruments Graph-
ics Calculator for sale with guide-
book. $55. Barely used. Call Adam 
452-3783. (1/25-1I28) 
Guitar-nylon string for sale with 
hard case. $90. Great shape. Call 
Adam 452-3783. (1/25-1/28) 
Nintendo Entertainment System: 
Deck, 2 controllers. zap gun, & 17 
game cartridges - $150; 625-
0488. (1/21-1/25) 

TWO CARS: 1988 Mazda 323SE 
hatchback. Excellent condition 
$4650. 1981 Mustang - good 
condo $1650. 455-9682. (1/21-1/ 
28) 

Wetsuit: Womens size 8. O'Neill 
3·2-1 full suit. Almost new. Very 
cool. $75. Call Morgan 558-7567. 
(1/21-1 /25) 

SURFBOARD - 6'9" trHin, good 
condition, hardly ridden (switched 
to longboard.) $180 leash in-
cluded. 942-3350. (1/21-1/25) 

CAMERA· Minolta XD-11, excel-
lent condition , four different 
lenses, flash, autowinder, tri-pod , 
filters, and more I $480. 942-3350. 
(1/21·1/25) 
FOR SALE: TREK 7000 Alumi-
num mountain bike. Matrix 
equipped, Shimano LX, computer. 
Year old, perfect $325.00. 587-
8255. (1/21) 
Big TV $50. CHAIR & Stool $50. 
Futon $50. Art desk $50. Bike 
$SO. 221-0361. (1121) 

HOUSING 
Rooms for rent.l:Jniversity City-
Huge house, washer/dryer. pool. 
$350/month share utilities 558-
7535. (117-1/21) 

Biotechnology Venture capital Con~ltlng 
Learn the basics of the biotechnology 'and venture capital 
businesses . Duties include secretarial , bookkeeping, and 
interaction with executives. 
Prefer Chemistry/Biology w/2 years + until graduation. 
GPA 3.3 + . Must be versatile, intelligent, dependable, 
hard-working. computer literate, self-motivated and very 
good with people. Flexible 5-15 hrs.lwk. $7-$10 hr. EOE. 
Please send resume (no calls. please) to: 
Gary D. Aronson Consulting 
3535 Riviera Drive 
San Diego, CA 92109 
Fax: (619) 270-0757 

The UC 0 Guardian 

Own Room, large house unlfur-
nished. 20 minutes to UCSD. 
$220/month + utilities. 277-7630 
James. (1/11-1/21) 
Roommate wanted to share room 
in a large apartment. Seeurity 
bldg. wash/dry inside. jacuzzi, full 
gym. racquetball court & under-
ground parking. One mile from 
school. next door to Vons and a 
park across the street. $2851 
month + utilities. Call Tom at 457-
8123. (1/11-1 /25) 
Master Bdrm. $370-one person, 
$235-two to share, own bath. 
washerldryer, pool, bus to UCSD. 
non-smoker. non-allergic to cats. 
available spring. Call Stacy or Usa 
625-0821 (leave message). (1 / 
14-1128) 
Own room . $250/month . In 

Clairemon~. Big living room and 
fireplace. 1/4 utilities. Call Karen 
541 -2073. (1114-2116) 
FOR RENT - New 3 bedroom 
condo. $1200/month. Oft La Jolla 
Village Drive and Regents Road, 
near UCSDend UTC. Call Robert 
558-2404 or 538-6556 after 5:00 
p.m. (1/14·1128) 

Easy going female wanted ASAP 
to share bedroom in 2 bedroom 
Townhouse through June. $2401 
mo. ($80 deposit) + 1/4 utilities. 
Near UCSD, shopping and bus 
lines. Call 587-0709. (1 /14-1 /21) 
U.T.C. Huge two bedroom, two 
bath, fireplace, high ceiling. secu-
ritybuilding. parking. pool ,jacuzzi , 
sauna, tennis court. Available 
now. $750 deposit. $7SO rent. 276-
6309. (1/14-1/21) 

Roommate wanted. Own bed-
room and bathroom. $390 + 1/2 
utilities. International Gardens. 
Call Susan. 457-3037. (1/14-1/ 
25) 

DESPERATELY SEEKING: 2 
roommates individual rooms. 
$2SO+ 1/4. 15 minutes from UCSD 
in MIRAMESA. LARGE PAR-
TIALL Y furnished Bi-Ievel house, 
washer/dryer. 2 car GARAGE. 
BBQ + lots more. 693-8322. (1 1 
19·1/22) 
ROOMMATE WANTED: M or F. 
Trieste. spacious upstairs loft 
available, furnished if nee., 1/3 
cheap utilities, share apt. w/1 M + 
1 F. $245 through 6/15. Mike @ 
558-7535 (eve) or 457-4200 M-F 
12·5. (1 /19-2I1) 
Own room, 2br.l1 ba . 2 story 
townhouse. Close to bus, UTC 
and Costa Verde . $290/mo + 1/2 
utilities. 597-1005, Jamie. (1 /19-
1/28) 

2 roommates wanted - UTC area-
own room $300/month pool, near 
bus line. 455-9308. (1 /19-1/25) 

Roommate Needed: Own bedroom 
and bath in NEW 2 bedroom master 
suite apartment (Villas of Renais-
sance). WID in unit; seOJrity bldg; 
underground parking; Sunday 
brurd1es;~;filnesscntw/game 
room; near an - UTC, 1-5 & 1-805. 
RENT $460. Sec. Dept. $175. 112 
utilities: Cal 558-1731. (1/19-1121) 

CARDIFF, roommate wanted . 
End January. Walk to beach. 
Close to busseslfreeway. 3/2. 
Fireplace . Hardwood floors . 
$350+ 1/3 utils. Deposit. 943-
8014. Joe or Alycia. (1/21) 

CLA 

North Park. Small one bedroom with 
large viewing deck, off street park-
ing, laundry facilities, pets o.k. 
$425.00.281 -3962. (1121) 
North Park. Large one bedroom 
Apart, breakfast bar, bookcase, en-
closed yeard, off street parlQng,laun-
dry facilities. Pets o.k. $575.00 utili· 
ties included. 281-3962. (1121) 
Roommate : UTC. Own large bed-
room/bath . 2-bed/2-bath new 
condo.lpool, spa. $275. mIt. 453-
9227. (1 /21) 
Offering room for rent 4 days/ 
week in quiet townhome. 
Walking distance campus . 
$250-300/month . 558 -8975 . 
(1 /21-1 /25) 
La JoIlalWindansea MIF own room 
& bath, great kx::ation $475+ 112 utili-
ties. 459-1819. 211 . (1121) 
Need one to share master in 3 bed-
room condo near UTC for $195 plus 
1/4 util. Near ucsn. bus stop, and 
shoppingcenters. Available now. Call 
455-1278. (1121 -1/25) 
Own room in quiet townhome 
walking distance to campus. Fur-
nished. Non-smoking graduate 
student preferred . $350-4001 
month. 558-8975. (1 /21) 

PERSONALS 
Congratulations to the future ini· 
tiates of Alpha Chi Omega. We 
are so proud of you and cannot 
wait until Saturday. Love, The 
Charter Class of AXil. (1/21) 

Irs SUI Clinton'sAmericanow, kidcies. 
Better start smiling. (1121) 

A P PAR E L z o N E 
~ actory Outfet Clothing Stores 

Name brlmds 'include: 
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT • EXPRESS 
• TWEEDS • GENERRA COLLECTION 
• and many other name brands too low in 

price to mention 

• Miramar • SDSU 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 6663 El Cajon Blvd. 
450-3323 460-4370 

• Escondido • Pacific Beach 
931 Garnet 
483-5150 

Escondido Promenade 
737-6167 

-----------------, 
BrIng In this colpon and fleelve an additional 

200~ off yourpurchae. lit valid with any IthIr offll'. o ' .. IIIIItII ...... II.'. 
,...,1, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

----------------~ 



I • 

Thursday, January 21, ]993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS ]4 

Earl Edwards To Leave For Post in Pennsylvania 
..... IS1RA1ION: Edwards served as acting athIelic direc- be directing an 18-5pat ~ He Edwards is a member of the NCAA 
Associate Athletic Director tor in Sweet's aMence,and directly su- becomes the university's fifth penna- Division ill Minority 0pp0rtwUtics and pervilicd six ilurcollegiale spats as nent athletic dircaor and-the first Afri- IntacsIs Commince. However. strict 
accepts director positioo at well: men's arxI women's basketball, can-American to lead the program. NCAA ruIcs do no( allow a Division n 
East Stroudsburg men's and women's tennis. women's Edwe expressed his aootiralion administrator to hold a Division ill po-

soccer and wOl1lcrl'S softtxill. of the ~ SIrOUdsburg aIhletic pro- sfulon theCOl1lJTlittee. "UnfOl1Ul1alely, 
By Art Root During Edwards' six-year tenure, gram. "East Stroudsburg has an excel- that's one of the downsides," Edwards 
Associate Spons Editor UCSD's athletic programs WCfeamong lent reputaticn [The arhIetic program) said. "Nowlhat I've moved to Division 

Jumping from Division ill 10 Divi- the most successful in NCAA Division is extremely well respected on a 118- II, I have to resign as Division ill repe-
sion II is no easy task, but UCSD Asso- ill competition, winning 10 Division ill tiona! leveL" Edwards said. senralive. 
ciate Athletic Director Earl W. Edwards National Championships, placing sec- • "WhaI anracted me to the program "Hopefully, in a year or so, I'll be 

IS he i ready for the challenge. ond 13 times arxI fmishing third 10 was the academic record of the pro- considr:rcd fer a Division II position on 
Edwards,42, was named athletic direc- times. "UCSO's athletic programs have gram. Graduation raleS arxI GPA of the the conunittee," he added. 
tor at East Stroudsburg University, an been enonnously successful," Edwards srudent -athletes are comparable with Edwards brings a wealth of experi-
NCAA Division II institution in Penn- said. the rest of the sruderu body at East ence to the Pennsylvania campus. in 
ylvania His appointment begins Feb. "Every year since I've been here, Stroudsburg," he added. addition to his service at UCSD. 
IS. UCSD has hosted at 1east one regional The duties and responsibilites of a He worked at Drexel University for 

"I'm really excited about the oppor- or championship evenL TIle number of Division II aJhIetic director are consid- ix years, serving as adtIetic business 
runity,especiaJly ince it'saschoolwhich championshipswonbyUCSDissome- erabIe. "At &st Str-o!d>burg, the ath- manager for two years and as assisIart 
I'm familiar [with) arxI in a pan of the thing atypical; this athletic program has letic director is involved in more of the adlletic director for four. leave UCSD. "I'm going to miss the 
country where I grew up," Edwards been outstanding," he added. high-level adminislralion of the univer- Edwards was also was director of relationships I've developed with so 
said. &lwards is an a1WlU1US of East Edwards served as the tournament sity," Edwards said. intramurals at Michigan for two years. many great people here; coaches. aIh-
Stroudsburg and played one season with director of over 20 NCAA regional and Edwards will direct an adtIetic de- associate director of intramurals at UC Ietes. administrators. I will miss them 
the Warriors' basketball team in 1971- national championship events hosted partment staff that dwarfs UCSD' Davis for two years and associate all," Edwards said. 
72. by UCSO. East Stroudsburg is a mem- complement of administrators. "At intramurals director and assistant bas- Sweet said that UCSO will COIXkact 

Edwruds.42, came to UCSDin 1987 berofthe 14-school Pennsylvania State UCSO, the athletic program is run by ketbaU coach at the University of Mas· a national search to replace Edwards. In 
as associate athletic director to Judith M. Athletic Conference, the largest Oivi- six to ten full·time staff members, ver- sachusetts for two years. the irurim, current members of the 
Sweet, who is currently completing a sion 11 conference in the nation. us 45 to 50 at East Stroudsburg," As he prepares for his new post. athletic administrative staffwill assume 

tw~year teon as NCAA President. At East Stroudsburg, Edwards will Edwards said Edwards admitted how difficult it is to Edwards' responsibilites. 

Frigid Fencers Fight 14 Foes in minois 
NOR'11IWES1ERN MEET: Fencers battle cold along with several East Coast teams 
By Art Root 
Associate Spons Editor 

It 's a good thing fencing meets are 
held indoors. 

While the temperuture inside North-
western University's gym was wann 
and comfortable, the temperature out· 
ide was cold. Very cold. The UCSD 

men' and women' fencingteamstrav-
eled to Evanston, Illinois (afternoon 
high temperature: eight degrees) last 
weekend to compete against the likes of 
Northwestern, lllinois, Ohio State and 
Notre Dame. 

"We did really well, considering aU 
the jiners and the unfamiliarity with the 
competition," UCSO Fencing Head 
Coach Alison Reid said. 

SWIM: Tritons 
gear up for this 
weekend's USC meet 
Continued from page 9 
the future with enthusiasm, 'Tm im-
pressed with the team. Our attitude a.'ld 
performance excite and motivate me." 

TIleTriton divers had asmuchtrouble 
as their swimming teammates with the 
weather. "It was a pretty horrible meet," 
diving coach Mike Fitchett said "It was 
windy arxI rainy and there wasn't any 
kind of cover near the pool." 

The weather didn ' I faze Jill Jackson, 
however, as the Triton took flTSt place in 
the one·meter event 

Jackson 's 182.85 narrowly edged 
out Colorado State's Kinuko Hirai total 
of 179 for the win. The Rams took third 
place as well, with UCSO's Sheri 
Takeuchi bringing up fourth witha 166.3 
score. 

"It was basically a practice meet for 
us. We've got four divers qualified fer 
the NCAA meet, so we're jUSllIying to 
get ready for those big meets," Fitchett 
said 

One of those big meets is this 
weekend's horne showdown with Divi-
sion I USc. "That wiI be a real test for 
us." Fitchett said. 

It is a test for the swimmers as well. 
"I'vetoldtheteamtogetrnentallyready," 
Boyd said. 

~ explained that "USC will 
beirnpOl1antloprepare [the team) forthe 
Pacific Coast Swim Conference Cham-
pionships in Long Beach in February." 

The women's team opened the tour-
nament with a 9-7 loss to onh Car0-
lina. After humbling Oeveland State, 
UCSD was trounced by NOIre Dame, 
14-2. 

Thewomen'steam ufferedanother 
setback, falling 14-2 to the Buckeycsof 
Ohio State. In the fifth match of the day, 
UCSO lost to host Northwestern. 11-5. 
The Tritons rebounded by winning their 
final two matches of the day, hammer-
ingTri-State University, 15-I,arxlrout-
ing Lawrence, 12-4. Ftrst-day match 
results: three wins, four losses. 
• The men began Sarurday's eight-

march marathon with a 21 ~ demolition 
of Lawrence, followed by a 22-5 loss to 
NonhCarolina. UCSDwhippedC\eve-

Most imponandy will be the Jan. 30 
showdown with the Tritons' biggest 
rival, KCflyon College. The festivities 
will begin III the Cannyonview pool at 
1I:OOa.m.. 

Boyd encourages evCl)'OI1C to at-
tend and promises it will be enIatain-
ing. 

"There will be an an announcer to 
explain the events to make it exciting 

land State 21~, then proceeded to looe 
to Notte Dame and lllinois by identical 

~7 scores. 
The men's team sufferid losses to 

Ohio Statearxl Nonhwestan,con;;lud-
ing the grueling Satw-day competition 
with a 20-7 victory over Tri-State Uni-
versity. A 3-5 day against stiff compe-
tition. 

On Sunday, the women' team lost 
itsflTSt four matches. Temple ripped the 
Tritons, 12-4. Then UCSO fell to MIT 
and Wayne St., losing 11 -5 in each 
match. After an II-Sloss to Air Force, 
the women's team closed out the toUT-
nament with an 1 1-5 victOl)' over the 
UnivetSity of01icago and a 14-2 blitz-
ing of Michigan State. 

and fun even fer people who don't 
know a lot ... swimming." added 
Boyd. 

The Lords awe the moSl ~ 
spms Iieam in the NCAA in any divi-
sion. Themcn'san haswonl3S1J'aigtt 
titles while the women have IIkCfl nine 
Slrliglt. -

Last year the women's meel came 
down to the last relay to IIak the tie. 

The men's squad dropped four of 
five matches on Sunday. After opening 
the day with a 14-13 squeaker over the 
University of Chicago, the Tritons 
droppedfourconsr.cutivematches. The 
losing skid starttrl with a 14-13 loss to 
MIT,followed by a 19-8 loss to Wayne 
State. UCSO's third straight loss was 
cowtcsy of the Air Force Falcons. 20-7. 
The toumamcnl ended for UCSD with 
a 16-11 loss to Michigan State. 

UCSOFeocingTeamClptainAaron 
Shebest posted a stellar 32-7 record 
over the weekend.. "He's our besr shot 
forthe NCAA's," Reid said of Shebesr, 
a senior wbois mounring a sarong bid for 
an invitation to the prestigious national 
tournament 

Freshman Gabe Lawson posted a 
26-13 record, "a good, strong perfor-

and Boyd predicts that this year's 
Kenyon meet will be just u inIieme. 
"No one can bear [Kenyon '5] women's 
tcam - unless they seIf-deslrucl The 
men's IrAn is oomparabIe to ours," 
Idrd Boyd. 

Thespon5(l'ofthe UCSOswinunng 
and diving program, 0Ievr0Iet GOO, 
will fly the Look to the meet and has 
abo donarcd a 000 TrtIcka' 4x4 Con-

mance" according to Reid. Junior Doug 
Saqui's 25-14 rounded out the top three 
individual match records for the men's 
squad. 

On the women's side, sophomore 
Yurni Nishiyama's 34-18 record was 
UCSD's besr individual record at the 
meet. Senior Moriah McCauley posted 
a 27-2 1 mark for the Tritons. 

"I know the team Ieamed a l<to We 
don't have much experience against 
these schools, having fenced previously 
against only MIT and Air Force," Reid 
said. "Hopefully, the experience will 
carry over into our next match," the 
coach added. 

The feocers compete again on feb-
ruary 6 in a meet at Cal Tech. They will 
battle Cal Tech, Stanford, UC Santa 
Cruz. Long Beach, and Fullerton. 

vertible to be giYcrl away to a r.n at the 
Geo-NCAA Division m 1M) ~ 
0la1Ien&e-

Anyone who 8IIICIIds will be able to 
pwchaIe a raftIe Iicket fer a chance 10 
win the 13'. The dolilliom will go 10 
benefit the UCSD swimming IMTL 

Thursday, January 21,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

TO SEE HOW HARD ART ROOT 
PUNCHES, TAPE THIS TO A WALL 

ANB IT 

For thl most complete post-fight conragl and 
analysis, tum to the Guamlan sports section. 

Syracuse University 
Division or Inter national Programs Abroad 
119 Euclid A venue 
Syracuse, New York 13244-4170 

. 315-443·3471 or 1·800-235·3472 

A World of 
S Y RA C U SE 

D i ffe re n c e 
ABROA D 

• Programs in Africa, Australia, Czech Republic, England, 
France, Gennany, Hungary, Israel,ltaly. Poland, and Spain 

• Prior foreign language not always necessary 
• SU credit 
• Field trips/traveling seminars 
• Internships 
• Study for a semester. a year, or a summer 
• Home or limited apartment placements 

FirwncWl assistana available 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUr~TJltWAw8ltLE 

LA MESA 
HK"1 FI, Ichl'r Pkwy 

Ib1'l fl'lR·(,601 

MISSION VIFJO 
25400 l ,\ AI.Hl1f'd.l 

(71·11 3fi.1 (hOD 

N[WPORT BEACH 
.1',01 Birch St 
I :14) 8~.1·1201 

fi!/il FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES M EDICAL GROUP 

SPORTS 15 

M U I R Senior.s 
The Muir College Graduation Committee invites 

1993 eniors to ~lUdition to be this yea r's Senior 
Commencement Speaker. Auditions are on 

Friday afternoon, February 4th. 

For fUl1her information, and/ or to sign up for your 
five-minllle audition, contact Amy or Chips 

in the Dean's Office. 

• Ha55 2126 • phone 534-3587 

The "Sun" is. a!ways Ir.-m O-Ian 
2TANs$% 
One for you, One for a frien~d ___ _ 

'First time clients only with this coupon. 10'4 s1\JDEtn 
I)IICOUM1 on all 

Lose 6" Guaranteed seNices & prodUCts 
European Body Wrap-only $48 witn UCID 'D 
Not a temporiJly water loss . Reduce cellulite and stretch merk$ 

--------------------

I 30TAN DAys$29 I 1 I 
CAli !ortktalb. 2nd 30 Ion days 539.99. 2 monlh minimum. Wilh coupon only. &pl, •• 2/2//93 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
• 1DW5 Master Mechanics • 
.-.c exclusively VW and AUDI • • 

1870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 
Air & WI'" Cooled ... &interline. s.me ... Air Conditioning. Tune-Up. 
RebuHt Engl,. • Gal & DIeM! • Electrtcel • Clutch ... Brakes · Valves 

Loecl.cf '" the Autoport Mal • MlramOf 
Next Doot '0 ()jsCOIXl' TIe 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 



16 

STANDINGS 

H oops: 
CNN TOP 30 
(a. of Jan. 20) 

Men'.AAA Men'. S"O" 
1. Team Hornacek 2-0 1. Knlcks 2-0 
2. SAE 1-0 2. TIme for some Akslon 2-0 
3. Old School 2-0 3. Alvln's Ch ipmunks 1-0 
4. Brass Monkey 1-0 4. Zero Gravity 2-0 
5. Jagermelstered 2-0 5. Gravity-Bound 1-0 

Men'sM Coed 
1. Nothing But Rim 2-0 1. Yeu Hong on the Rim 1·0 
2. Yap, Yap ... F.Face 1-0 2. On lhe Rebound 2-0 
3. H-Acme 1-0 3. Wyld Turkles 2·0 
4. Brown & Proud II 1-0 4. 0'Jump 1·0 
5. A Jerk & A Squirt 1-0 5. Warnors 1·0 

Men's A Women', 
1. The O.G.'s 2·0 1. Clueless 0·0 
2. 5 Nerds from Revelle 1·0 2. Shake My Skirt 1·0 
3. Sweetness 2·0 3. TBA 1·0 
4. Tuftmeisters 2·0 4. We Take Cash 1·0 
5. Hack Attack 1-0 5. As You Wish 1-0 

Outdoor Sports Off 
To A Soggy ~ 

Start! ~ 
Blame It On The Rain ... Milli Vanillr 
couldn't, but UCSD Intramural 
Sports certainly didl Due to North-
ern Cal·like weather, Intramural 
outdoor sports have come to more 
than sloshy hall. 

Soccer, One· Pitch Softball, and 
Ultimate Disc have been forced by 
Mother Nature to delay the start of 
their seasons. The sun may come 
out tomorrow, but there is no tell· 
ing when future thunderheads will 
will break our competitive hearts 
again. 

All outdoor facilities are being 
Closely watched, as over·satura· 
tlon has made all 01 our lields re-
semble Candlestick Park, pre·NFC 
championship game (and we cer-
tainlycouldn't have any of you play-
ing like the Niners did last week-
end, could we?) 

Our grounds crews are working 

hard to get the fields in playing con-
ditionagain. And who know's, maybe 
we'll offer an-1M Water Skiing league 
on Lake NCR. 

Seriouslyfolks, we are day-to-day 
on the condition of the fields, and we 
will keep all of you outdoorspersons 
notified via Canyonview (534-4037), 
and the 1M Sports Office (534-6644). 

The best time to call is Thursday 
and/or Friday after 1 pm to check-out 
the status of your 1M game that day. 
For weekend teams, call our 534-
6644 number to get hour-by-hour 
updates on weekend contests. 

UPCOMING 1M SPECIAl EVENT 
(If til. ".th" &on"nu.s) 
Coed Nlked Slip 'N Slide 
NCR Field 
Entry Fee: Nothing 
First Prize: Winning team's picture 
in this space! 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21,1993 

EVE N T S 

All Campus 
I_nl. Double. 
Champlon .... p. 
........... J..-,»a1 
Muir T ..... eo.ta 

UCSD Inlramural Sports is 
once again hosting the 
'Superbowr of Tennis nine days 
hence at the Muir Tennis Courts. 
This annual event may not get 
the same national media 
attention that other sporting 
events get, but participants will 
soon find that it comes with all 
the trimmings, Including 
outstanding prizes for the 
winners. 

If tenniS Is your racquet. you 'll 
want to volley on down to 
Canyonview and get signed up. 
Two men's doubles divisions 
(Open and Intermediate), will be 
offered in addition to a women's 
doubles division and a mixed 
doubles divisions. 

Unfortunately, tight rnatch 
scheduling will prevent partici-
pation in more than one division. 
but we guarantee more than 
enough tennis for all team 
entries. All doubles teams will be 
scheduled for two consecutive 
matches on Saturday with 
winners advancing to Sunday's 
championship round. 

This event will no doubt fill up 
quickly, so grab your partner, get 
In a lillie practice between 
rainstorms and get on down to 
Canyonview Recreation. Team 

entry fees for the doubles 
championShips will be $5.00 per 
team. Intramural Sports will 
provide tournament balls for all 

rnatch~. 
For additional tournament 

information. please call 
Canyonview Recreation at 53-4-
4037 and ask for any intramural 
staff member (Mike, Matt. or 
Stacie). 

AII-Campu. 
Racquetball 
Championships 
..... .".....,21 
C • • , a a"I.. .HIII • • t lt.n 
c-ta 

The t993 AII-Campus 
Racquetball Championships are 
back upon us this Saturday, as a 
number 01 campus RB aficiona-
dos, will no doubt, come in out 01 
the rain to strut their stuff once 
again. 

This year's toumament is open 
as atways to any UCSO student, 
faculty, or staff member. The 
divisions of play are numerous, 
Men's or Women's, Diehard or 
Newcomer. All participants will be 
guaranteed at least three 
matches, with refreshments 
available between matches for all 
players. Top divisional finishers 
will receive championship prizes. 

The deadline for the Racquet-
ball Championships is near, so 
hustle on down to the canyoview 
Recreation office to sign-up. 
Tournament entry fee of $5.00 
covers game balls. refreshments, 
and champion-ship prizes. 

Women'. 
Volleyball 
Doubl .. 
Tournament 
sal ...,,~IO 
....., 'q 

The 1993 Women's Indoor 
Volleyball Doubles Champion-
ships are scheduled lor Saturday, 
January 30th in the Main 
Gymnasium, featuring two 
divisions of play (Open and 
Intermediate) for interested 
participants. 

Tournament Director Matt 
Braga has Nned up .Ioct Sporta 
to help sponsor this year's event 
and antiCipates a solid tum-out in 
both divisions. All toumament 
participants will receive two-
color, tournament T-Shirts with 
excellent prizes/merchandise 
going to the top finishing teams 
in each division. 

Team entries are now being 
accepted at the Canyonview 
Recreation Offices through 
Thursday, Jan. 28th. Entry fee Is 
$14.00 per team, which Includes 
T-Shirts, refreshments, and 
championship prizes. 

The toumament format 
(probably round-robin pool play! 
single-e1im championship 
bracket) will be determined closer 
to toumey time. 

1M Ref T's Mom, Tries to ~ject Dog 
Where did allthe Charles Barkleys 

come from? Needless-to-say.there 
aren't too many NBA officials who 
received Christmas cards from Sir 
Chanes. And It seems that his cry 
baby antics have become much too 
trendy, even here at the big U. In-
tramural referees are gelling tired 
of dishing out fs and ejections all 
day long. 

It's not that we dldn't see It com-
ing though. Oh, no. From the very 
first game, on the very first day, it 
became all too clear. This was not 
to be a normal season. 

It was opening day, eariy in the 
afternoon in the Main Gym. One of 

IMs most distinguished officials 
(to be nameless, 01 course) was 
taking care of business as usual in 
what was supposed to be just an-
other game. As the game wore on, 
tempers wore thin . 

It didn't take long before things 
got ugly and a few players began 
to boil over. MoIIy(oopsl)Jonnum 
figured she could regain control or 
the mess by slapping a technical 
loul on the biggest Barkley 
wannabee of the bunch. 

Well , young Miss Jonnum (uh 
ch!) didn't realize thai Mom Barkley 
Wannabee was readV to come out 
of the stands and meet the chal-

lenge. Faced with no alternatives, Molly 
(OK, it's out now) did what she had to. 

Yup, you guessed n, Mom got slapped 
with a TIl! II Abig be-ootilullechnicalfoul 
that sent researchers flipping through the 
archives. To be sure, it was an absolute 
first in UCSD Intramural Sports history. 
Maybe even, basketball history. 

And the moral of this story is clear 
enough. ~ you, your parents, grandpar-
ents, aunts, uncles, friends, neighbors or 
even the family dog want to bring your 
Charles Barkley act to 1M sports , look out. 
These refs are ready. we've got more than 
just Molly around. 

_IDEO GALLERY 81's Pi': ,:eria 
TUESDAYS:UCSD BARGAIN DAYS 
AL OVIE RENTALS 9¢ 
MlU,. " S",RNI\(lHHM()~(l \.IS • S, "'( 1U~'t.t\ 
WHERE ,HE D",( "' "\<-ES ,(()U • H()~t.'(, \ ?'\.t.'N U~ IHE 'f..\t\ 
COIINI SOON: Single White Female • Oiggstown, 

Raising Cain • Monster in a Box 
• Costa Verde Ceoter near oup Piazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 

Exchange 8750 Genessee . 4~1766 3880 Valley Ceotre Dr . • 792·9923 
Houn: Sun.-Thun. II am-9 pm I FrI.-Sat. 11 .... 10 pm 

WE ACCEPT COMPE11TORS' COUPONS 

$ 
fill CAMPUS DBMlY 

lOTOUIDOOI 
s..1I :3O ... ·11 P'" 
Mollo 11 .... 11 ~ Fri. & Sal. 11 __ 12 Mid 

8873 Villa !alolla Dr. !ajol/a Vii/age Center 411.0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU the best! 

UCSD GUARDIAN . ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • JAN U A R Y 2 1, 1 9 9 3 

o 

AUSTRAUA'S OPERATIC THEATRE PERFORMANCE MAKES ITS AMERICAN DEBUT AT UCSD 
By Alicia Bell, Staff Writer 

Nhenasked about the meaning of his poem "The Hunting of the Snark," Lewis Carroll ex-plained that he thinks non-sense is an important part 
of communication. He said, "I'm 

':'E="l- afraid I didn't mean anything but 
non sen e!Still,ifwordsmeanmore 
than we mean to express when 
we use them, and if there are 
some good meanings in the 
book, I'm very glad to accept 
them." 

If Carroll were alive today, he 
might admire the way the La Jolla 

Symphony Chorus, in it pro-
ductionof"Boojum!"which will 
be perfonned in the Mandeville 
Auditoriumon Saturday and Sun-

day, ponmys both his life and his 
ability to play with language and 
the meanings of words. 

Austmliantwins Martin and 
Peter WeSley-Smith, the com-
poser and the librettist of this 
work respectively, comment on 
the an and lo&ic of Lewis Carroll in 
the American premiere of this work. 

1be composer, Manin Wesley-
Smith, is an internationally-ac-
claimed computer music specialist. 
In Australia, he is the founder and 
direcrorofthecomputermusic group 
WAIT and was the music director 
ofT.R.E.E. (Theatre Reaching En-
vironments Everywhere) which pre-
sented environmental pieces in 
Sydney's Royal National Pari" In 
the I 980s, LaJollaSymphony Cho-
rus director David Chase was intro-
duced to Martin Wesley-Smith's 
vocal writings and has been in con-
tact with him ever since, 

The librettist, Peter Wesley-
Smith, is a respected law scholar 
and poet, known for his books of 

See CONCERT, page H2 

<sa-.. 

MicIIa CloirGuatdian 



HlATU 2 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 21 , 1993 

MOYIE REVIEWS 
DAMAGE: Obsessive love propels Louis Malle's fIlm of fatherly lust and deceit 
By Jeff NIeMI 
Hiatus Edifor 

Director Louis Malle has a history of 
presenting bizarre love triangles with a good 
deal of grace and wit. He explored the issue of 
ince t in Murmur of the Heart in such a way 
that the mother's love for her son came off as 
weet and touching rather than taboo. An-

other strange love relationship erupts in his 
latest fi lm Damage. But despite the fi lm' 
erotici m (which is really rather tame), its 
theme about ob essive love doe n' t material-
ize into anything very powerful. 

play), but Anna doesn' t worry about the im-
proprieties of the relationship like Stephen 
does. As she explains one rainy afternoon to 
Stephen when he suggests they marry, she has 
been "damaged" and now has a resi lience he 
cannot possibly fat.hom. 

Anna's trauma resulted from the suicide of 
her l6-year-old brother. Her brother killed 
himself after he witnessed Anna ki ing a 
boyfriend. 

It appears as if Malle is try ing to depict 
Anna as a strong female character because he 
shows herresisting Stephen'S attempts to con-
trol her. Yet, during the sex scenes Anna 
doesn't act with the same confidence. She 
usually yields, arms pas ively out tretched, to 
Stephen' desires. 

The film begin by howing the routine of 
British Parl iament member Stephen Heming 
(Jeremy Irons). Stephen i an aspi ring c.'\bi net 
member who is hoping to rise up the political 
ladder. and he is even consulted by the Prime 
Mini ter on one occasion. Although Stephen 
starts to make in-roads into the political su-
perstructure. he doesn' t let hi wife Ingrid 
(Miranda Richardson) in on any of his uc-
ces es. Rather. when Stephen comes home, 
he expects his meals to be ready and his 
stately English manor to be clean and well-
organized. He is a disciplined, toic character 
and Irons' performance emphasizes his aus-
terity. 

PhoIo COII\IIIJ 01 New t.ft Cinema 
Stephen <Jeremy Irons) embraces AnM (Juliette BInoche), .. son'a flInce. 

1be relationship make for some awkward 
moments at the dinner table, and the tension 
and suspense builds at the end ofthe film when 
it becomes apparent Martyn will inevitably 
find out. After the tragedy occurs, it is unclear 
if Stephen has learned anything. He does ad-
mit, in the end, that he cannot control every-
thing like he thought he could, but he still 
obsesses over Anna 

But Stephen's apparent control over hi 

CONCERT: Carroll's 
life in a symphony 
Continued from page H 1 
poetry such as Putrid Poems, Petri fyi ng Po-
ems, and Vile Verse. He is the librettest in 
several Wesley-Smith collaborations, includ-
ing "Pie in the Sky," (a children's opera) and 
"Song of Au tralia." Peter We ley-Smith is 
a professor of law at the University of Hong 
Kong and will be flying to San Diego for this 
production of "Boojum!". 

In "Boojum!," familiar characters such as 
Alice, the White Rabbit, the Caterpillar and 
Lewis Carroll himself go on a hunt for the 
snark, and try to find out what a snark is in the 
process. They know nothing about snark 
except that if they think they tind a snark flut 
it tum out 10 bea boojum, thecharacters will 
"softly and suddenly vanish away. " l1le stag-
ing of th is production is based on an actual 
chess v<triant called Alice Chess. which uses 
two chess boards. The characters enter and 
exit the stage only according to the rules of 

environment , hatter.; when he meets Anna 
Banon (Jul iette Binoche) at a cocktail party. 
Anna is thegirlfriend of his son Martyn (Rupert 
Graves). When Stephen and Anna meet, they 
instantly fall in love - or atlenst they tare at 

chess. 
The produc tion incorporate various 

Carrollesque methods of play and games. 
Carroll enjoyed amus ing people by fiddling 
with music boxes until they played back-
wards. In an artempt to mimic Carroll 's musi-
cal1aste , the writers of "Boojum!" inverted 
several famou. Victorian nursery rhymes. TIle 
song entitled "The Question Is," for example, 
has the tune of Humpty Dumpty played back-
wards. 

Carroll also enjoyed making anagram ; for 
example, his pen name, Lewis Carroll is an 
anagram of his real name, Charles Lutwidge 
Dodgson. 1be Wesley-Smiths use nonsensi-
cal anagrams of their own throughout the 
production. 

The character of Alice appears both as an 
adult and a child. Mrs. Haregreaves, the adult 
Alice, reminisces over her adventures with 
Carroll when she was a child. Her memories 
give a great deal of information about the real 
life Carroll, his skills and his flaws. She com-
ments on Carroll 's talents as an inventor and a 
mathematician, but she also mentions his darker 

THE CREATIO 
The Creadon is the story of Choi 

Shi-Hyoung, the legendary leader of the 
controversial religious sect Chondogyo. The 
Korean court forced Choi into the remote Tae 
8aek mountains where he became a religious 

leader of mythic proportions. 

each other without saying anything. The rela-
tionship that soon develops between the two is 
one composed of silent passion often accom-
panied with a good deal of forcefulness 
(Stephen doesn' t seem to know about fore-

side by explaining how he enjoyed photo-
graphing little girls in the nude. 

According to this grown-up Alice. Carroll 
loved the company of linle girls, not in any 
sexual way, but because they were pure and 
innocent. She claims that, "with the coming of 
pubescence, bis child-friends became a threat 
to his precious purity - so he discarded them. 
There were many new, beautiful, innocent 
girl-children, with whom there was no risk at 
all of sexual pleasure, to replace the ones who 
had insisted on growing up." 

Carroll, as the program notes explain, was 
shy and stuttering around adults, and was a 
boring professor. Around children, however, 
hi s stuneringdisappearedand he became con-
fident and relaxed. Carroll was a reverend who 
was vowed to celibacy, which might have 
explained his worship of child-like innocence. 

Two separate characters also portray Lewis 
Carroll and OJaries Dodgson. According to 
the Wesley-Smiths, this is an attempt to "split 
him temporarily in two parts consisting of the 
shy, conservative, eccentric, flesh-and-bIOOd 
Dodgson (his persona) and the urbane, conti-

Damage opens tomorrow at the Hillcrest 
Cinemas. Call 299-2100 for more informa-
tion. 

dent Carroll (his anima)." TIle two characters 
argue throughout the production, demonstrat-
ing the conflict between Dodgson as a person 
and his creative self. 

La 10lla Symphony choral director David 
Chase said that Carroll probably used his 
seemingly nonsensical poems to question 
church doctrine that he couldn ' t openly chal-
lenge. TIle poem "1be Hunting of the Snark" 
may itself be an allegory for Carroll's search 
for meaning in life or in the afterlife. 

Those who attend the performance will be 
provided with a complete program and scripe. 
which will include a diagram of all ofthe chess 
moves going on so that the audience can see 
how the Wesley-Smiths manipulated the text. 
"Boojum'" is a witty and intricate operatic 
production that should stimulate a greater in-
terest in the life of Lewis Carroll, and shows 
the enormous amount of sensibility that is 
potential in nonsense. 

"Boojum!" will be performed by the La 
Jolla Symphony Chorus in Mandeville Audi-
torium on Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 3 
p.m. For more information call 534-4637. 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Co metic Services 

RcI .. " d,frimdl.r ntHl"pixrr • .I"mlxr IW A. OM •. meDS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROfESStONAL CENTER 
8950 VIllA LA JOLLA Oa., SUITE 2103 

558·3490 
E.",it,tIl & Snllmtn.' 

A,poi"'IIIflltr A railnble TIp Floor, jl/IT behind lIlt Elrphant Bar 

r---Ir:::.n. UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 
'F~E.R~~Y* 
....... 
-W ..... 

• 120 miDimWII pun:haM' within 5 mile radius ol<ampUi 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store ,,;th your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla It. (in the Ralph's Center; 
Prompt dehvery. 7 days a week . Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

Thursday, January 21 , 1993 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

NOWHERE TO RUN: Kinder and 
gentler Van Damme is nothing but a bore 

.. 
.. 

Doug CIllat\'l'ouchstone PiQU/es 
Some of the survivors try to save • potentW meal in Fnlnk ~r. Alive. 

ALIVE: Realism of tragedy is gnawing 
By Care Udal 
Guardian Reporter 

The cannibalism featured in Alive isn't as 
hard to take as the bad dialogue and overdone 
theme about religious redemption. Director 
Frank Marshall's film about a group of people 
who resort to extreme measures in order to 
survive a plane crash has moments of intense 
realism but portrays personal maturation ide-
alistically. In Alive, Marshall presents a some-
what ficlionalized account (not at all a docu-
mentary) of the unforgettable airplane journey 
a rugby team takes to Chile in 1972. but his 
efforts to depict their spiritual 3fld emotional 
struggle to live fall shon. 

The intensity of dramatic scenes such as the 
initial crash, the discovery of mostly incurable 
wounds, the piercing cold and accompanying 
pain (l felt my own lips chapping) and the 
unavoidable cannibalism all pull the viewer 
into the intense circumstances. TIle proximity 
one feels as a sudden avalanche rumbles down 
the mountain or when viewing the survivors 
amidst the suffocating snow and encircling 
mountains succeeds in creating a convincing 
picture of the devastating events they miracu-
lously endured. This sense of realism is felt 
during the physical catastrophes but fails dur-
ing key moments of camaraderie and inti-
macy. 

1be stranded collegiate rugby team pro-
duces a somewhat unusual scenario of com-
plete male bonding. As their 10 weeks of 
isolation and entrapment progress, they are 
forced to listen and trust one another without 
any stereotypical female emotional suppon. 

Once the three remaining women die, the 
dozen left, all male , mu t survive and conse-
quently grow together as a whole. The athletic 
team becomes a group which must "win" in 
order to survive. 

While attempting to capture some of thi 
essential closeness throughout the film , 
Marshall lacks any truly convincing sense of 
male intimacy. He remains within Hollywood's 
classical guidelines when he offer.; an eclectic 
group of individuals who act out perfectly 
every po sible reaction one may have in such 
extraOrdinary circumstances. 

When the plane crashes, we are presented 
with first impressions of numerous character.;, 
who have only their fear in common and take 
on panicularstereotypical roles. Nando (Ethan 
Hawke) is revived after being unconsciou -
ness and displays a great amount of strength 
and will to succeed, while Roberto (Josh 
Hamilton) relies on his intelligence as he waits 
to organize before setting out to get help, The 
two of them courageously leave the crash site 
and trek over the Andes to reach civilization 
and bring the others to safety. Meanwhile, the 
team captain Antonio (Vincent Spano) ironi-
cally but predictably does not survive, after 
showing naive faith in the search team that 
never comes. Carlitos (Bruce Ramsay) exhib-
its relentless faith in God throughout the film, 
eventually even convening the agnostic. 

There is a peculiar emphasis on religion 
throughout the film. John Malkovich appears 
in the opening and closing shots as an older 
Carlitos reflecting back on his experience. His 

See ALIVE, page H4 

FREE 
DOlEN 

glowers & 9if!s 
Costa verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 _ 

CARNATIONS 
~ lin JlUI'(h;&..'IC u( SIO"r I'BJIl." 
\ .It \,ukJ Yo IItt ,lOy ,.h\.'T tllf~T, 
EIp. 2FJI93 

I 
"'II'. Ddlftr 
'II'OItd'll'ldt' 

By PhIlip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

The advertisements for Nowhere 10 R UII . 
Jean-Claude Van Damme's latest action flick . 
promise us "Van Damme as you've never 
een him before!" It eems that America 's 

favori te Belgian kickboxer is tired of simply 
playing a mu cJe-bound. one-man ki ll ing 
ma hine. Van Damme has decided to grow a ' 
an actor - now, he's <l sellsiti"e muscle-
bound, one-man killing machine . 

The tory. written by Joe Eszterhas. Le 
Bohemand Randy Feldman. is straight off the 
shelves of "Cliches 'R U ." Van Damme 
play Sam, a mysterious fugitive on the run 
from the law. Hiding out in a small town in the 
boondocks, Van Damme comes across a 
plucky widow (pl<lyed by Rosanna Arquette) 
and .her two nauseat ingly cute offspring 
(Kieran Culkin and Tiffany Taubman). The 
widow, it seem , is being forced off her land 
by a greedy developer and before you can say 
"Standard action movie plotline," it's Van 
Damme to the rescue! 

Much to my disappointment, a kinder, 
gentler Van Damme does not mean that he 
skips about wistfully and writes angst-ridden 
poetry. No, when they promi e us "Van 
Damme as you've never seen him before," 
they mean a moody , introspective Van 
Dannrne. 

Van Dammedoes a pret\ygoodjob- he's 
humorous, chari matic and likable when he 
wants to be. But every time Van Damme's 
JlC(rformance become entertai ning. di rector 
Robert Harmon reverts to portraying Van 
Damme as a moody loner. We're treated 10 
long scenes of Van Damme brooding behind 
thebam, extended close-ups of Van Damme's 
ultra- ensitive eyes and pointless montages of 
Van Damme frolicking with tiny children. 
Because, after all, who doesn't like kids? 

Well, me for one. And after Nowhere to 
Run, I like them even Ie s. Culkin as one of 
Arquette's children embodies the same an-
noying characteristics that have made his older 
brother Macaulay richer than you and [ can 
ever hope to be. At fir.;t the scenes in which 
young Culkin looks to VanDamme as a father 
figure are cute. As the film progresses, they 
become repetitive and then grating. By the 
end of the film, I was hoping that Culkin 
would take a stray bullet in the chest. 

Arquette shows us a stunning array of two 
emotions in herperfonnance-disgust when-
evershe's confronted by the greedy developer 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES $" BIKER JACKETS ·BE·YO.NDTHE 
.MOU.NTAI.N 

COSTUMES' 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 
HAWAIIAN • MIUTARY' TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIIS 

~879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
L.. ____ M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222.0220 ----.... 

Beyond the Mountain is a romance with 
supernatural overtones. A young Buddhist 
monk falls deeply in love with a beautiful 

nun who lives in the mist shrouded confines 
of the SmoV0I1doinn 

Pholo Courtesy 01 Coilrnbla PICtUres 
Van Damme on the run with a cute kid. 
and wanton lust whenever she . s confronted by 
Van Damme. Her performance is wafer-thin 
and as predictable a'i the puzzles on "Wheel of 
Fortune." 

But this is not why anyone goes to see a Van 
Damme film. We go to see cruel , unadulter-
ated violence- Van Damme breaking some 
goon's jaw. a villai n gert ing his face slashed 
with the broken end of a whiskey bottle or 
some innocentbystandergening impaled with 
a sawed-off cue stick. Sadly, we don ' t get 
much of this in Nowhere to R UII. 

Oh sure, there's violence and prolonged 
fight scene '. But nothing along the lines of 
what Steven Seagal , Arnold Schwarzenegger 
or even Dolph Lundgren have been doing in 
their recent fi lms. TIle fight ing in Nowhere to 
Run is by the book, uninspired and uninterest-
ing. Even the climactic battle between Van 
Damme and arch-v illain Ted Levine (who is 
vel)' good) seems half-hearted. ]n the mad 
rush to make Van Darnme a kind and gentle 
hero, the makers of the film forgot what made 
him popular in the fir.;t place - and that is 
bone-crushing action and suspense. 

Maybe one day VanDamme will be recog-
nized as a serious actor. Maybe we' ll see him 
playing Shylock opposite ofSeagal's Antonio 
in a new version of Merclrant of Venice. But 
for now, Van Damme is strictly an action 
movie hero. When he forgets that, as he appar-
ently has in Nowhere to Run, the results are not 
only disastrous,they're a waste of time. 



( 

HlATU 4 

TOO A Y 
The UntDuc:Mbles play lit 
the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach with Boxing Ghandis. 
Show starts at 9 p.m. and tickets 
are $10. Info: 481-9022. 

Stephen Seagal tars in Under 
SIetle. The film shows in the 
Price Center Theater at 6:30, 9 
and II :30 p.m. Tickets are $2, 
$1 in advance. 

fRIDRY 
Bad Rellalon plays at 
Iguana' nightclub in Tijuana 
at 9 p.m. Tickets are $15. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

The CWO Political Film Se-
ries presents The Presi-
dency Feed at 7 p.m. in 
Soli Hall 107. Admission i 
free. 

SRTURDRY 
Boojum!, the American pre-
miere of Au tralian compo er 
Martin Wesley-Smith's musi-
cal about the life of Lewis 
Carroll. will be perfomed in 
the Mandeville Auditorium at 
8 p.m. This show repeats to-
morrow at 3 p.m. Tickets for 
student are $5. Info: 534-4090. 

White Zombie plays at 

ALIVE: Film has 
weak dialogue 
Continued from H3 
spiritual recollection refers to a 
"presence of God," a different ver-
sion of God he met on the mountain. 
and this blatant motif re onates 
throu ghout the enti re picture. 
Carlitos ' character reveal an over-
whelming faith in a sense of fate or 
"God taking care" and this religiou 
or spiritual precedence inten ifies 
as the film progresse ' . 

Iguana's in Tijuana at 8:30p.m. 
Tickets are $17.50 in advance. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

Korean classical music and tra-
ditional dance will be perfonned 
by the Korean CIa •• 1ca1 
Music Auoddon and St. 
Apes Korun TrMIItionaI 
Dance Com.,." at 8 p.m. in 
the Price Center Theatre. Info: 
534-7624. 

A partially-reunited Jefferson 
Starship play at Rhythm Cafe 
inClainnontMe aat7and 10:30 
p.m. Ticket are $16 in advance. 
Info: 576-CAFE. 

SUNDRY 
Women GrMJuate Stu-
dents perform improvi tion 
in Erickson Hall at 8 p.m. Ad-
mission to the how is free. Info: 
534-3229. 

MONDRY 
Richard Thompson, an ac-
claimed guitarist, plays at the 
Belly UpTavem in Solana Beach 
with Danny Thompson. Show 
tarts at 9 p.m. and ticket are 

ducing an almost preaching effect 
that doe not add to the film. 

Marshall has honestly anempted 
to recapture all the intense moments 
of shock. fear and perseverance to 
survive which every person in the 
crash experiences. 

Yet the dialogue prevent the 
serious nature of the film from set-
ting in. When one of the players 
announces. "We're completely 
screwed." the audience also realizes 
that such dialogue is expected given 
the fact that the film is a commercial 
production. Marshall will never truly 
be able to present us the emotions 
felt in such unthinkable circum-

The UCSD Guardian 

SI4.Info: 481-9022. 

TUESDAY 
The Korean film Theer..tlon 
w ill be hown as part oCthe Inter-
national Style film festival in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Ticket for students are $4, but a 
tudent pass to the fe tival is 

$25. Info: 534-6467. 

RollingStone Keith R~ 
and his talented band the X.pen-
sive WInos play with Minne-
apolis rockers Soul Asylum in 
Golden Hall downtown at 8 p.m. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

WEDNESDRY 
Paolo Vaiesio. a native of 
Bologna and profe sor of Italian 
at Yale University, will read from 
his work at 4:30 p.m. in the Price 
Center's Davi IRiversideRoom. 
He is a poet and literary critic. 
Free admi ion. Info: 534-4090. 

Guitarist Man Colle plays at 
Rhythm Cafe in Clairmont Mesa 
at 6 and 9:30 p.m. Tickets are 
$17.50 in advance. Info: 576-
CAFE. 

THERTER 
s.. DIep Repertol y: "The 
Latins Anonymou Lifetime 
Achievement Awards" will be per-
formed through Feb. 6. 
"L.A.L.A.A." explores the way 
the media promote stereotypes 
of Latino. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 
p.m. and Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. 
Tickets range from $19 to $24. 
Info: 235-8025. 

Casa del Prado Theatre: 
Cole Porter' classic mu ical 
"Anything Goes" will be per-
formed by the San Diego Junior 
Theatre. Performance are Friday 
at 7 p.m. and Saturday and Sun-
day at 2 p.m. through Jan. 24. 
Tickets range from $5 to $7. Info: 
239-1311. 

North eo.t R..,.-IIJryn.. 
atre: "The Immigrant," Mark 
Harelik's tribute to his grandfa-
ther, continues through Feb. 13. 
The play is about a young Jewish 
immigrant in Texas. Perform-

Thursday t January 2 Lt 1993 

ance are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Salurday and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets mnge 
from $1 to $14. Info: 481-1055: 

G R L L E R IE S·. 
....... O.luy: "Con-
tact: Photojournalism Since Viet-
nam" will be on exhibit until Jan. 
24. 1be exhibit features photo-
graphs of people and event that 
have had a historical impact. Ad-
mission is free. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Sunday, 
noon to 5 p.m. Info: 534-3120. 

M ........ of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sterbak: State of 
Being" focuse on the body. the 
bedroom and clothing as rneta~ 
phor and is on di play until Feb. 
28. The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. and Wednesday from JOa.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admis ion for tudents 
is $2. Info: 454-3541. 

Grove G.aary: "New Terri-
tory: The Vietnamese Artists 
Project Begins" i on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Satur-
day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photopaphic 
Arts: "Mary Ellen Mark: 25 
"I ears" is on display through Jan. 
31. Mark is a renown photojour-
nalist. The museum is open daily 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission 
is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

The repetitiou scenes of pray-
ing, Carlitos' premonitions and other 
piou references are overdone, pro- tances. Doug CImtVT uuchsIone PidLres SwvIvon wave to what they tink Is a rescue ....... .vw., but they wII spend weeks wllltll,.. 

The World's Greatest Cajun Band & the New Orleans Street Jazz of 

FEBRUARY 6 • SAT. • 8PM • PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
prclcntcd by 
UCSD UNIVERSITY UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 
EVENTS OFfICI[ • MusIC DEPT. 

You'll be _In. 
QREEN becau .. 
. we're READ . 

... ,11. ~ 11401411 


