
Elsewhere 

UCB Researchers 
Zap Cancerous Tumor 
BERKELEY - UC Berkeley 
re earchers announced la t 
month a technique that ma be 
used in the treatment of 
human cancer in olving the 
the rejection of a growing 
tumor in a mouse by using 
gene therapy. After in erting a 
gene into a kin;umor 
urgically implanted into a 

healthy rodem, graduate 
tudent Sarah Town end and 

Molecular and Cell Biology 
Profes or James Allison 
di covered that the gene 
forced the animal's immune 
y tem to produce lnterlukin-

2, a natural honnone. The 
hormone then stimulates white 
blood cells known as "killer" 
T-cells to attack and de troy 
the tumor. According to 
Allison, human clinical trials 
using gene therapy to fight 
cancer could begin within the 
year. 

UCI Supports Native 
American Institute 
IRVI E - The Department of 
Information and Computer 
cience at UCI was awarded a 

. ·DO,OOO grant from the 
ational Science Foundation to 

host a Computer cience 
ummel' ln~titute for ative 

American student la t week. 
The goal of the program i to 
encourage ative American 
tudents to pur ue undergradu-

ate education and careers in 
computer science. 

Alcohol Use Increases 
Among UCD Students 
DA VIS - A recent study of 
UC Davis undergraduates b 
the owell tudent Health 
Center and Student Affairs 
Reasearch found a ignificant 
rise in alcohol con ' umption 
si nce 1990-e 'Pecia lly among 
male students, first-year 
students and !.tudent with 
senior tanding. Fifty-seven 
percent of students surveyed 
aid they consume alcohol. 

repre enting a four percent 
increase from two year ago. 

Inside 

How FAR 
SPECTACLE: UCSD and 
the San Diego community are 
often worlds apart. 51 

SPORTS: Men' s basketball 
defeated UC Santa Cruz 91-
38 on Friday. 18 

Index 

T H E u c 5 D 

MONDAY FEBRUARY 8,1993 

Administration Pulls Plug on VCB 

Guardian File Photo 
Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson 
"disestablished" t he UCB, 

GOVERNMENT: Wat on "di tabli he "board in 
re pon e to law uit. Student lead r angIY over action. 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

The university administration 
shut down the nivcrsity enter 
Board (UCB) pernlancntl last week 
in response to a contr versial law-
sui t filed by the board in JanUal)1 to 
gain greater access to Uni ersity 
Center funds. 

Fonner B Chair Chris Bumett 
plan~ to ask the c uns for a tempo-
rary restraining order to block the 
administmtive action. 

ice hancellor of Student Af-

fairs Joseph Watson, in a letter to 
student government oftic ials and 
uni er~ity administrators last Thul"),-
da , announced that he had 

"di~established" the B. The kt-
ter ab detailed plans for a new 
board t replace the B later this 
4uar1er. 

The action stemmed from a 
memo to Watson fr III the 
university's Deputy eneral oun-
sel Gary Morrison which called for 
the immediate closure of the B. 
Watson then III ved unilaterally to 

brca"- up the board and replace it 
with a newly-fo l111ed bod). which 
will be called the Vit'e hancellor's 
Advi~ ly BoardontheStudentCen-
ters. 

The B was "disestabli,hed" 
because lis members took legal ac-
ti n againsl the universi ty. accord-
ing 10 Watson. 

Burnett believes that Wahon 
would nOI have raken the action if 
UCSD administrator!> did not thin"-
the B had a chance to win the 
lawsuit. 

.. \t ., clear that the} 're ,cared:' 
Burnett sardo 

See UCB, Page 7 

Burnett Files Grievance 
Against Administration 

I 'VE COlVIE TO S Cl BLOOD 

HEARING: FOlmer UCB Chair file after 
meeting with Wat on fail to meet demand 
Formal letter of apology r primand ought. 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

Fonner Uni ersity Center Board Chair Chris Burnett tiled a 
n n-academic grievance against nivel-sity Center Director Jim 
Carruthers and tudent Conduct Coordinator icholas Aguilar 

n Thursday. accusing the two administrators of negligence. 
incompetence. hara::,~ment and inteillto cause emotional distre~s . 

Burnett's glievance comes 111 response to allegations of mis-
conductleveledagain,r him during theGencral toreCo-op'~ use 
of the onh Conference Ro m early Fall QuaneI' for te tbook 
sales. The accusations were subsequently dismissed. The griev-
ance requests that fOlmal disciplinary ~tep~ be taken against 
Aguilar and Cat1llthers, "induding, but not limited to, letters of 
reprimand" to be placed in their respective personnel tile~, in 
addition to asking for fonnal letters of apology. 

Burnett filed the grievance shortly after a brief ThuJ"!.day 
morning meeting with Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Joseph Watson. ccording to Burnett , heand his adviser, Political 
Science Professor Peter Irons, met with Watson for about 25 
minutes, during which time they made their demand .... Watson, in 
tum, offered a leiter of apology signed by Aguilar and Revelle 
College Dean Ernie Mort. 

Burnett and Irons said they left Wat::,on 's office unsatisfied. "It 
was cIear he had no intention of meeting ourdemands:' lronssaid. 

Describing Aguilar's letter as "unacceptable," Burnett said, 
"They didn't take any respon ibi I ity for maki ng a mistake. I t made 
no mention of any intent to hamss me." 

Burnett also said he did not understand why Mon had signed 
the letter. .. It wasn't neces ary:' he said. "I have no grievance with 
him." 

Watson said he did only what he was asked to do. "[Burnett] 
See BURNETT, Page 8 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
Maureen Waterhouse, R.N" prepares William Silverman for a blood 
donation on Friday afternoon. 

The Prospectus To Promote 'Politically Moderate~ View 
By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

The Prospectus, a new student 
journal aimed at aimed at providing 
a forum for IUdent ideas and opin-
ions, publi hed its first is ue re-
cently. According to Editor in Chief 
Darrel Menthe, the purpose of the 
publication is to provide a voice for 
the politically moderate. 

"For a long time now, UCSD ha 
lacked a politically m derate news-
paper, and liberal and mainstream 
view on campu have been without 

an adequate voice," wrote Menthe 
in last month's premiere issue. 

Mentheexplained his reasons for 
establi hing a paper for "moderate" 
readers in a recent interview. Ac-
cording to Menthe, the new indica-
(or and the California Rel'iew, two 
of the more prominent political tu-
dent publications, represented the 
left-and right-wing campu opin-
ion, respe tively. As a Democrat, 
however. Menthe said he felt that 
the nell' indicator was too far to the 
left of the political pectrum to rep-

resent his party. 
"Now, the Califomia Rel'iew, 

mind you, represents the Republi-
cans very well, but the lIew indica-
tor didn't represent me at all. I al-
ways found them extremely leftist, 
anti-American, and I really thought 
that this campus de erved a libeml 
newspaper that wasn't like that," 
Menthe aid. 

"It' s not like I have any wi:.h to 
de troy the nell' indica(or, but I cer-
tainly think there sh uld be a voice 
on campus [for moderates I and I 

always sort of felt cheated by that:' 
he added. 

Menthe said he had wanted to 
establish a paper which represented 
his views for a long time, but felt h(, 
could not gamer the support needed 
to produce it. He said thut the Demo-
crab' election victory provided the 
momentum he needed to get sup-
porters. Through friends he made 
while working on the election am-
paign, he found a way to achieve hi . 
g al. 

See PROSPECTUS, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

Biomedicine Institute 
Receives $3 Million 
RESEARCH: Grant from Whitaker Foundation wiu be 
used to set up a "center of excellence" program 

The UCSD Insri tute for Biomedi-
cal Engineering (IBME) has re-
ceived a $3 million grant from the 
Whitaker Foundation to establish a 
center of excellence to improve re-
search and educational opportuni-
tie for graduate students. 

"The aim of the 
program is to pro-
mote graduate edu-
cation in biomedi-
cal engineering," 
said Institute Direc-
tor Shu Chien in a 
release announcing 
the grant. "This will 
be a tremendous 
boost for our pro-
gram ." 

Money from the 
four-year long program will allow 
UCSD to recrui t sever.ll new fac-
ulty members. increase graduate tu-
dent funding, set up facilities for 
shared research and to introduce 
new educational ini tiatives, accord-
ing to information supplied by the 
university. 

"Thi grant has multiple, lasting 
effects with the end result of foster-
ing biomedical engineering at the 
university:' aid Chien. 

Chien said that the group's ap-
plication to the Whitaker Founda-
tion, a private foundation based in 
Pennsylvania and Washington, 
D.C .. focused on the science of tis-
sue engineering. According to 
Chien. that encompas es three areas 

PROSPEcruS: 
New newspaper aims 
for the middle 
Continued from page 1 

"l've alway wanted to do it, but 
it ju t never seemed possible to get 
the people and to get orne interest 
going [because I it re;t1ly needed 
some event like the election to kick 
up a storm." Menthe aid. 

According to Menthe. the group 
spent about two months after the 
election writing the text for the is-
sue. It was then "just a matter of 
laying it out and getting it to the 
publisher," he aid. 

The paper encourages contribu-
tions from students, but is also try-
ing to set up a permanent taff. 

Thecurrent staff consists of seven 
members of the College Democrats, 
four of whom are graduating this 
year. 

This creates a need for new staff 
members who will continue with 
the paper next year. 

"The [ taff members] who are 
left really need other people who 
will carry on the work. So we're 

at UCSD: the cardiovascular sys-
tem; somatic tissues like kin , 
muscle, canilage and bones; and the 
neuroendocrine system. 

" These three pecial areas are 
tied together with general ap-
proachesin bioengineering sciences 

along with molecu-
lar, cellular and in-
tegrative biology," 
said Chien. " With 
these as the under-
pinnings, eventu-
ally we want to see 
appl ications for 
clinical and indus-
trial products." 

lbe Institute re-
cently established 
an Industrial Advi-

ory Board made up of leaders in 
industry related to biomedical engi-
neering in the San Diego area. 

UCSD was one of only three 
institution to be awarded grant 
money from among 57 competitors. 
Also selected were biomedical en-
gineering programs at the Georgia 
In titule of Technology and the 
University of Utah. 

In its announcement, the 
Whitaker Foundation said the three 
universities were chosen to receive 
the award fordeveloping initiative 
in molecular and cellular biomedi-
cal engineering enhancing already 
strong traditional programs. 

- By Francisco DeVries, 
News Editor 

really trying to encourage people to 
get into leadership po itions as soon 
as polisible," Menthe said. 

According to Menthe. one of the 
most important ervices The Pro· 
specflls will provide to tudents is 
the publication of their work. Menthe 
added that it was an important mat-
ter for the staff when founding the 
paper. 

"A ll the new papers on canlpus 
are sort of .... ery closed-shop operd-
tions. and that's nol something that 
we wanted," Menthe sa id. 

"It's been a problem that many 
people have had ... and I'vehad this 
[problem] myself, having written 
omething-wheredoyoupubli h 

it? There's simply no place to do it. 
One of the things we wanted for Tile 
PrOSpeCf/L5 was to make [that er-
vice] available," he added. 

"It eem that unle s you're po-
Iiticall y dogmatic or willing to write 
on a day-to-day subject, there's re-
ally nOI a lot you can do," Menthe 
said. 

The publication of The Prospec· 
tllS is co-sponsored by the College 
Democrats and the Associated Stu-
dents. 

IIif tA:SOQ.ut~ puOIIhId ~nf~ M111e 1CIdetriI:)ee'1! n lor .. ~ 
oIlX:SIl.~oIlIiIs~In~IIIrm._~_~InI*l._l*II'iSIItInb 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 8,1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~ L<:>'IELi S~~\'l, 
P~C.KED \'\11\\ e-.~, 

Slo\ .. c.~ ~ I{\;~ TIl .. 1'5 
VK-.WAA£ .' 

l1\E.~ "lIN fRE.t'ZII-\G 
Ie ... TO '51'~£, 

""Ell' .tt~ ~'( \\\~ 
\JNtn't@.~ ! 

FLi STAAI(i,\\l' AIo\~ ~E. 
"If IU.RO J.tlO SC\lJ.R£! 

nilS. eM s~~u. , 
IS too\'( PAAitR . 

\ 

1 ONl" 1\lRoltl 
COtt'5't:. c~ I'i.D 

SI'lO~BAllS . 

-f! -P 
'/OJ ~~r 
~IITSo.N 
Do RI~l' IK llItlR o 

G~Z. \.j()Ip( AA 1 
£'lER GQl.NG m 

L£AR~ TO ~ ~ 
5P~SUITS? .~i." 

~ ~T 11\1":. S~D~\C~ 
M~ "'OM w..0E! l'M ~r 
ef<TIKG 1\11'5 'fI1!.Q'C.I\EO 

n-\\N.G .' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~ 'HII.l i~~ 
"I I N J. ~ID "IIIO':>E IItOM 

w.~s ~ ~D ';)A~IClt 

American Indian Theatre To Perform 
The highly acclaimed American Indian Dance Theatre 

will perform traditional Native American dance and 
music on Wednesday, Feb. 10 at 8 p.m. in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

The dancers and musicians come from numerous 
areas in North America. including the Dakotas, the 
Southwest, the Great Plains and Canada. They repre-
sent the Apache, Arapaho, Cherokee, Cheyenne, 
Chippewa, Comanche, Cree, Creek, Kiowa, Makah, 
Mandar}-Hidatsa, Navajo, Sioux, Southern Ute and Zuni 
nations. 

The company will present traditional dances from 
many regions, including ceremonial, seasonal, spiritual 
and social dances offering diverse individual expres· 
sion. 

The music In the production includes ancient songs 
passed down through the generations by the tribai 
elders, and costumes made either by the performers or 
their families. their tribe or nation. 

Tickets are $18/ $20 general admIssion and $14/ 
$16 for students. They may be purchased from the 
UCSD Price Center Box Office or from TicketMaster 
outlets. For additional informatIon, call 5344090. 

u.s. Navy Names Research 
Ship After Roger Revelle 

The u.s. Navy has approved the naming of the 
newest research vessel in the academic fleet of Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography (SIO) in honor of Roger 
Revelle, founder of UCSD and one of the world's most 
prominent modem ocean explorers. The new ship will be 
named RfV Revelle to honor his immense contributions 
to the Na.y and to the field of oceanography. 

Student HeaHh Advocate. To 
Offer Condo .... Mlnt valentines 

In honor of National Condom Awareness Week, 
which occurs annually around Valentine's Day. Student 
Health Advocates are giving away free Condom-Mint 
Valentines. Drop by the Price Center Plaza table on 
Wednesday, Feb. 10 or Thursday, Feb. 11 from 11 a.m. 
to 1 p.m. Participate in B.Y.O.B. (Bring Your Own 
Banana), a fun and lively wor1lshop on Wednesday from 
nool1-1 p.m. in the Davis-Riverside Room. For more 
information, call Health Education at 534-1824. 

The Guardian 
ather ISpott 

Mon: 64·/55· Tu .. : 63·/48' Wed: 66·/52· yesterday: 66·/58· 
Source : National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
lEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, F'tJoto Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, OpinIon Editor 

JEfF NIBEL, HIBtus Editor 

DIllIN CONSULTANT: J_ Collier 
IUlllTRATOIII: MteII. Croft. TIIII Eoff. NIII1I1'1 Ertln. Speed Fanls. jennifer 
Hart. Dominic lobbll. ,.... Lu~, Mr1ano Mu/\oz. Katie Rot . AI Spent 
DIllIN ... : Joel Arnold. WIlson ehe"",. CInei)' Un. Marcus LobbIa . CMstOjJhor 
lOCk 
i'II01'OIIIAI't David Cho. SIcIert Deb. Paul Mackey. Jennifer M-W-, 
lOIt Mllcllell. Chuck ~. Jennltlr Venn 
COPY iIPDIDII: Michelle Cnlanl. Aron MtI .... ,.leU1e Sprln .... , MaH..an Tomsen 
TY1'IIT: TIm Un tutaII ~ C1itl3. .... _ lilt (.($I) ~" rill "'fD\IIIII b''' _ 01 

lI1ddIed,.,.......or a1. lIIt .... ....-1n fllll*sn Iff*! iIIIrS~ ~ do ~ 
roasurty __ lie CJIWjons 0I1Iif lX:SIl ~ lie ~ 01 c.AmII. ~ .. AuodIIecI 
Sb.oIt!JU. /lie tx:soQftwlIs t\rcIoil ""'" bJ --.. lie,.,.., eo,s. lie II IWt --dar. 

lEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SfCKA, AssoclBte News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, AssocIate Features Editor 

AD¥IIIn .... ~MT: Tn EOII 
IOIIWMD11P.. 8usIMfI ,."., 

MICHAEL FOULKI, ~,.,... 
MlICI MAlmNlZ, NMttJsitW DesJtgler 

E. LIIQH HENRY, Classified ReprastH1!1ItNe 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIQUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREQQ WRENN, Sports Editor 
IINIOIt STAft' WIIITIItI: Jenny Gatq. Dan KnlUu. ManMW ROOlnson. BnItt 
Rhyne. 104_1 ScI1weru. S~ Wolcott 
l1IIR'Wiii_:ElaInecamu.o.IlrtslaC8rlX!nler.AIOertGlf1D11C11.lIIrsten~. 
BIJy ........ CMaJenten. MebNJeooOs. ~.Jorw-.on. ~Lee. WlntlyMcHetll, 
Tttereu r.IOoIe. Murlltl Moor1hy. Julie PII<. PIUI PNllpe. Ely RmInI . lhlr Rld1ey. Kara 
Saul. RtW SIDt_. AI .. J. ShemIan.JUlteSllermln. ~ 5PeIII. ~s.r-

Editorial: 5~. 8usInesI 0fIk:e: 53+3466. fax: 534-71191 
UCSD G........, 9&00 GIlman DrIve 031.8, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actual _: _ FloOr. UCSO SludorII <:"-1Iui4dirC 'A' 

Monday, February 8,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Lecturer Says U.S. Must Help in Yugoslavia 
MELISSA BOKOVOY: Professor 
criticizes Western press for its reporting 
of the war, urges U.S. to use military 
By DIanne Haueiman 
Guardian Reporter 

Professor Melissa Bokovoy of the University of 
New Mexico gave a lecture on Thursday for the Ethnic 
Studies Depanrnent entitled " Blood in the Balkan -
Ethnic and Religious conflicts in Yugoslavia." 
Bokovoy's lecture'focused on the historical ethnic and 
religious schisms in Yugoslavia which have served as 
a catalyst to the on-going fighting there. 

The current civil war that is tearing the Balkans apart 
erupted in June 1991 after years of mounting tension 
between the Croatians and the Serbians. 

Bokovoy began her discussion by criticizing West-
ern pre s for its reporting of the war. The Western press, 
Bokovoy said, has communicated to the United State 
an image of inhumane savages committing unspeak-
able atrocities. 

By using such words as "ethnic cleansing," "tribal" 
and "barbaric" to describe the war, Western press 
presents a situation incomprehensible to Americans. 
Inability to understand the actions taken in the Balkans 
reinforces a U.S. policy of non-action, Bokovoy said. 

She referred to the recent reports coming from the 
Balkans of the existence of rape camps where non-
Serbian women are raped by Serbian soldiers. Bokovoy 
connected the rapes to ethnic cleansing efforts. 

According to Bokovoy, the civil war is the outcome 
of generations of ethnic and religious tensions coming 
to a head. 

Yugoslavia has been divided by numerous schisms 
within society throughout its history. Lingual, reli-
gious, economic and ocial differences have created a 
country without a single autonomous center. 

Bokovoy said that although in times of peace, ethnic 
and religious differences can bring about self-identifi-
cation, in the present day they take on an alternative role 
- a roie which " legitimizes responsive action [and] 
promotes we-they thinking." 

According to Bokovoy,Americanscommonly won-
derhow if several generations and time haven 't healed 

Dr. Melissa Bokovoy lectured on Thursday about 
the conftlct In the Balkans. 

the situation, can intervention by the We t bring peace? 
For Bokovoy, U.S. intervention remains her " last thread 
of hope." 

Calling the ci vii war "a period of transition and 
change," Bokovoy said that the West "must reas ess its 
ideas [which] allow the Balkan to kill each other." By 
looking at the issue from "purely moral argument ," 
insteadofintervening militarily, shesaid that the United 
States won 't bring an end to the war. 

She added that such atrocities have happened through-
out history, including in this country. and that the 
United States should not claim a moral high ground in 
Ihe issue. 

Bokovoy fore ees peace through the formation of 
homogeneou regions in the Balkans. The next chal-
lenge will then be for each autonomous area 10 find 
ways to interact between region . 

NEWS 3 

FrIday, .... 29: 
10:00 a.m.: An officer reported a disturbance at Central Library. 
1:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a computer from Fifth Dorms. 
Loss: $2,000. 
Wunlly, ...... 30: 
3:38 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1980 VW Rabbit from Lot 356. 
Loss: $5,000. 
1:35 p.m. : A student injured his back while playing rugby at Warren Field. 
Taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 
7:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a television set from Third Donns. 
Loss: $1,000. 
Sunday, Jan. 31: 
12:15 a.m.: A student suffered from severe alcohol poisoning at Porter's 
Pub. Taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital by police. 
1:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a B21 Trek 8000 bike from Third 
Dorms. Loss: $1,000. 
Monay, Feb. 1: 
10:00 a.m.: Staff reported receiving a threatening and obscene phone call 
at Birch Aquarium. 
3:40 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a 1973 Ford Bronco in Lot102. 
Loss: $480. 
7:50 p.m.: An officer reported domestic violence incident at Mesa Apart· 
ments. 
Tuesday, Feb. 2: 
4:25 p.m.: An employee reported the theft of a 1992 GMC from Lot 353. 
Loss: $26,000. 
Wednesdlly, Feb. 3: 
2:02 a.m.: A student reported receiving an annoying phone call at Fifth 
Dorms. 
9:30 a.m.: Staff reported the burglary of a laser printer from AP&M room 
3161. Loss: 1.950. 
1:10 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a backpack from the Bookstore. 
Loss: $275. 
2:50 p.m.: A student reported that an unknown suspect brandished a 
weapon between the Main Gym and the Old Student Center. 
Thursday, Feb, 4: 
10:45 p.m.: A 25-year-old male student was arrested for possession of less 
than one ounce of marijuana at the Old Student Center. He was cited and 
released. 

- Complied by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

r-------------------------------------------~---------. 
Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
Mltsublahi Isuzu Acura 

Excel/ent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special 29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. C heck brakes 
8. Check clutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

t 1. Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road tesl 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression lesl 
2. Valve adjustmenl I 1. Adjust timing 20. lube Iront end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle 21 . Check & reptenlsh all batteries. it necessary 
3. Valve cover gaskel. 13. Adlust ~rburetor fluid & oil levels 29. Rotate tires lit needed) 
4 . Spark plugs. 14. Adjust illr & fuel ra llO 22. Check electncal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points. mixture 23. Check for loose & lost 3 t . lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steeling box bons 32. Check all holders 
7 . Air liller. 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling syslem & 
6. Oil tiller. 17. Adlust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas filter. and 18. Adtust eme~gency brakes 26. Check lighlS . 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine oil 19. -Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarnage 35. Road test 

be~s for damages 
No .. · 10' 6·cyilnder cors add $20. Toyota Supla • • add $30. D.lS<Jn 200SX WIlli 8 spa", plugs. add $35. 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 
I . ~M_ 

. . We rep ace. 1. Install special new pads Brake job includes: 
1. TransmissIOn Input shat! 4. Throwout beallng or Install rear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot beanngs 2. Drain old brake tluld 6. Adjust tront lll drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6. New transmisSIOn oli 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydra ulIC system 7. Replace tronl rolor 
NOlO HydrauliC pans are not COVeted NOllor 4WO Fronl wheel 
drlV' extra 

4 Retill hydraulIC fluid seals (,I rotor. turn) 
5. Bleed enbre brake system 8 Road lest 

Not. Hydrauhc pan. are not tnduded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mlle limited warranty. 

·most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

overseas 
............ p .... 
•••••• +. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695-1990 

WIth llia.t. ExpiIn 2J21i93 
Call for appomlmenl. 

row,,,::} ",j "",'.II l " 'V""Jbl~ MO'ldJY f flddY , 30,,,,, I.J pm Open Saturday 

D Communications Systems Engineers 
D Software & Firmware Engineers 
o Digital Hardware Designers 
o ASIC Design Engineers 

Professional Staffing 
CommQuest Techn%gies, Inc 
1991 Village Park Way, Suite 201 
EncinittU, CA 92024-1967 

_., lAJ 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 

COMMENTARIES 

When Joseph 
Watson dissolved the 
University Center 
Board on Thursday, 
it raised questions 
about student 
empowennent. But 
what were the issues 
behind ... 

THE 

By Chris Burnett 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

"The prosecution and defense of cases 
such as this are frivolous and a waste of 
university funds. Indeed, this lawsuit is such 
an outrageous flouting of the authority and 
responsibility of the chancellor and the 
regents to manage campus affairs that I 
strongly recommend you disestablish the 
University Center Board and replace it with 
an advisory body which understands and 
respects the necessary conditions and 
limitations upon student participation in 
campus governance .• 

- Gary MorrIson, Deputy General Counsel 

I :.IDEED, THE ABOUSHMEI-"r OF "mE UNIVERSITY Center Board (UCB), in the middle of a lawsuit against the regents which attempts to re olve whose funds these really are, is 
uch an outrageous flouting of the authority and 

respon ibility of the chancellor and the regents to 
manage campus affairs that I strongly recommend 
student disestabli h the Office of Student Affairs 
and replace it with an advisory office which under-
lands and respects the necessary conditions and 

limitations 'upon administrative panicipation in 
campus governance. The recent actions by Dr. 
10seph Watson are the real actions that should be 
condemned by the entire university. 

For several years now, the UeB has attempted 

When sta!dents 
attempt to 
utilize the 
proper channels 
within the 
syatemto 
resolve Iss...., 
them ...... 1a 
ca.fromthe 
admInlstaatlon; 
1BII8Iy, 
.... pecttor 
the ..... 
prac ........ 
uncal..,'" 
bel ...... .. 
"' .... Ity. 

DominiC LoIlbia/ G<WI1lan 

to clarify its relation hip with the administration 
regarding students ' self-assessed fees and facili-
ties. 

In fact, Assembly Bill 1884 was intended to 
addres this issue concretely but was vetoed by 
the governor. who claimed that a new policy 
established by the regents on May 15. 1992 
rendered the Bill moot. Unlike AS 1884. the new 
regents' policy is silent on the issue of student 
control over student fee-funded facilities. After 
AS 1884 was vetoed, the UCB repeatedly asked 
the UCSD administration to release funds for the 
purpose of obtaining an independent legal opin-
ion. 

The requests for funds came at a time when the 
administration was continuously violating lease 
contracts the UCB had with the co-ops and over-
riding board resolutions to solve the issues with-
out excessive force. 

On Jan. 13, 1992. the UeB approved the 
allocation of $5,000 for retaining independent 
legal counsel. 

On April 6, 1992. the UCB created a legal 
affairs committee, in accordance with our chaner, 
which was mandated "to do whatever it deems 
necessary and proper to enable the UCB to obtain 
full control over University Center Fee funds, 
including the retainer of independent legal coun-
sel. ... " 

See UCB, Page 5 

Monday , February 8, 1993 

The Demise 
01 the UeB 
Was a Long 
Time Coming 
By Mark Rotenberg 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

THE ANAL REPUDIATION Of 'TWO YEARS OF mismanagement of the University Cen-terBoard (UCB)washandeddownThurs-day from high, on the legal advice of the 
University'S General Counsel office. The action 

was in direct response to a lawsuit served this past 
week by "Chris Burnen" and "University Center 
Board. an unincorporated association." against the 
regents and several administrators to gain direct , as 
opposed to simply advisory. control over the $3.3-
million University Center budget. 

Although it would be reasonable and indeed 
helpful for the University Center Board to clarify its 
legal position with respect to the administration, the 
chosen strategy couldn't have been more careless 
and misguided. Such carelessness has already de-
stroyed one of the most effective student boards on 
this campus. and it will probably cost a handful of 
students and student organizations thousands of 
dollars to clean up the legal bills. 

The ues, which until last year held a pristine 
reputation both with students and the administra-
tion, virtually banished itself into obscurity through 
repeated and often intentional nan-ins with campus 
administrators. 

The downward slide staned after some contract 
disagreements and personality conflicts with the 
leadership of the 1990-91 board, when students 
closely allied with the co-ops mounted a successful 
effort to change the composition of the board to one 
which would more closely parallel their interests. 
The popularly-elected chair was replaced by a chair 
appointed by those people already on the board, and 
the new board began its progressive agenda to break 
free from university oversight, through strategies of 
deception. symbolism. secrecy and confrontation. 

The new regime promptly renamed the Student 
Center the "Student Co-operativeCenter" (although 
only the regents have legal authority to name any 
buildings in the university). set up cushy space 
agreements with the co-ops (many of which were 
never signed by the University Center director). and 
proposed changes to the board's charter (many of 
which were flatly rejected by the A.S.). "Bad faith" 
actions ensued on both sides. particularly with the 
university's break-in of the General Store, and 
finally with the establishment of a clandestine "le-
gal Affairs Committee" to "retain independentcoun-
sel in order to do whatever it deems necessary and 
proper to enable the uca to obtain full control over 
the University Center Fee funds." 

Pursuant to the UCB's charter, the committee 
See DlMISE, Pa&e 5 

Monday, February 8, 1993 Th eSD Gllardian OPI ION 5 

cc.EN'I'ARY: By 'disestablishing" the UCB, the administration has proven that it refuses to act in the best interests of students 

ADISILLUSIONING LESSON IN CAMPUS POLITICS 
By Andrew Clark 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

I was going to announce to the 
universitycomputerne[work last Sat-
urday that the University Center Board 
(UCB) electronic mail account was 
now operational. Bye-maili ng 
"ucsducb@sdcc13," any intere ted 
party would have been able to make 
comments. ask qUeslions or request 
copie of UCB minute and other 
documents. 

Unfonunately. the UCB has been 
"disestablished" by Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph Watson. 
Thi extreme action was taken be-
cause [he UCB had Ihe temerity to file 
a lawsuit against the regents in de-
fense of its rights and responsibili-
ties. The UCB is the tudent repre-
sentative body re pon ible for pro-
viding a studenl voice in the opera-
tion and maimenance of the Student 
Center and Price Center. 

The UCB decided to ue the re-
gents because we felt that we could 
not get access 10 legal advice that we 
needed to carry out our primary ob-
jective of representing student inter-
ests in the Price and Student Centers. 
Every student pays $37.50 per quar-
ter for Ihe operation and maimenance 
of the University Centers. No state 

DeB: Student 
organizations should 
not accept intimidation 
Continued from page 4 

On April 21 , 1992, after fonner 
Chair Molly McKay requested funds 
for external legal counsel. Watson 
wrote, "Such requests [for external 
legal counsel] will be denied until it is 
clearly demon trated that there is .a 
definite need for uch external coun-
el," implying that there are appropri-

ate times for such requests. 
In the Spring 1992 referendum 

which asked, "Should student gover-
nance boards be able to hire, with 
student self-assessed fees, outside in-
dependent legal co un el?", students 
overwhelmingly voted 91 .5 percent 
in favor. In fact, the UCB contacted 
John Francis (the current A.S. attor-
ney) in late spring to represent the 

DEMISE: Burnett 
and the VeB have no one 
to blame but themselves 
Continued from page 4 
was to make recommendations to the 
UCB on actions it hould take. Also 
according to the UCB' s charter, these 
comminees "shall not conduct busi-
ness on behalf of the University Cen-
ter orthe ues." Despite protests of a 
small minority of the board, the com-
mittee assumed a life of its own. never 
hone tly adhering to thecharterofthe 
UCB. 

Hiding behind claims of attomey-
client privilege, the comminee held 
closed meetings, retained no public 
record of committee business, with-
held important documents and never 
presented its recommendations back 
to the full board. (As a trust of public 
funds. the UCB and all its committees 
are required by law to have open 
meetings for al l interested in anend-
ing; attorney-client privilege on ly 
applies when an attorney i present, 
and none ever was.) 

After being snubbed in its attempts 
to allocate funds to the co-op defense 
fund and a legal opinion on the i sue, 

money is involved. 
The University Centers were pri-

marily built with student money and 
are maintained enlirely with tudent 
money. Students have a vested inter-
est in the operation of the University 
Centers. 

o one can dispute that the UCB 
needed profe ionallegal advice dur-
ing the recent co-op negotiations. The 
UCB, in cooperation wilh University 
Center Director Jim Carruthers, was 
in the proce of drafting a Master 
Space Agreement delegating control 
over the student co-operatives to Ihe 
A ociated Students. Carruthers di-
rected the UCB to ~eek legal advice 
fromloanna Beam of the UCGeneral 
Counsel. At the time. Beam was rep-
resenting the universilY administra-
tion in its negotiation with the co-
op . 

This doesn 't make sense. The UCB 
was being asked 10 transfer a large 
degree of it authorilY to the A.S. -
we needed independent legal advice 
to create a contract suitable to the 
task . The contraci drafted by 
Carruthers could be invalidated by 
"acts of God" and "acts of the Regenls 
of the University of California." I 
always knew that the regents thought 
highly of themselves ... . 

board. He agreed to represent us. but 
was unable to continue due to finan-
cial constraint . 

On Sept 25, 1992, the UCB again 
requested monies to hire counsel and 
was denied. The UCB' only recourse 
was to ask the Superior Court to de-
clare whether or 111J1 we cOllld use 
slIIdelll self-assessedfees to obtain an 
independell/ legal opinion, a very 
simple declaration. As a result, on 
Feb. 4, 1993. one week after being 
served with a lawsuit, the admini tra-
tion declared the University Center 
Board "disestablished" and to be re-
placed by the "Vice Chancellor's 
Advisory Board on University Cen-
ters." 

Despite repeated blunders by the 
UCSD admini tration. I am almost 
surprised by this latest atrocity. When 
students attempt to utilize the proper 
channels within the system to resolve 
issues that are 20 years old (i .e. con-

the comminee voted to bypass nego-
tiation with the university by retain-
ing lawyer Craig Barkac to sue the 
university . 

Although the deci ions were made 
in ecret, lacked outside sludent input 
and were never voted on by the UCB, 
Chair Chris Burnett went ahead with 
filing the case. 

For $5,000 toward the legal case. 
the committee made an unholy alli-
ance with the United Cooperative 
Association (UCA), the umbrella or-
ganization created to incorporate the 
co-ops into for-profit entities. Cer-
tainly, they couldn't expect to win a 
legal case of such proportions against 
the University of California without a 
potential war che t of $40.000 to 
$50,000. 

Muffled voices of dissent were 
suppressed by publicly denouncing 
members of the board who didn't 
endorse the majority's ambition and 
through other intimidation tactics. One 
representative from last year's board 
resigned after she had been repeat-
edly harassed at board meetings and 
over the telephone by zealous law uit 
advocates. 

Indeed. justice isn't cheap. and 
legal bills by the end of 1992 were 

By dissolving the UCB, Watson 
comend thatthe UCB doe not repre-
sent the interest of students. Wat on 
propo sa "Vice Chancellor's Advi-
sory Board on University Cemers" to 
replace the UCB and prov ide student 
input on the u e of the University 
Center fee . 

The composition of this new board 
demonstrates thai Wat on and hi ilk 
are not concerned about t udenl i nler-
ests. The new "advisory board" con-
tinues 10 have representatives from 
each of the five college '. the A.S .. the 
Graduate Student A ociation (GSA) 
and Student Affirmative Action Com-
minee (SAAC). 

The changes are [he addition of 
representatives from the Academic 
Senale. Alumni Associalion and Staff 
Association. The Co-ops and En ter-
prises representative would be elimi-
nated. Assistant Vice Chancellor for 

trol of student self-assessed fees). the 
me age is clear from the administra-
tion; namely. di re pect for the legal 
process and an uncanny and belliger-
ent use of authority. 

In the words of Gary Morrison. 
thi "admirable tradition of tudent 
involvement in decisions affecting 
tudemlife [must recognize] the ulti-

maJeauthority of the regents." In other 
words, students can g ive "advice" 
about their own money 0 long as it 
does not contradicllhe intere tsofthe 
regents. Whattheadmini tration ays. 
goes! At lea t this last act of despera-
tion is an honest expression of the 
university's anitude toward student 
involvement in "campus governance." 

"Di e tabli hing" the University 
Center Board is clearly a de perate 
act on the part of the admini tration. If 
the General Counsel's office is so 
ure of their position, then why abol-

ish a board which is anempting to 

nearly $6,000, even before the fir t 
amended complaint was filed. Faced 
with the looming threat of having to 
foot the legal bill, members of the 
board look their case public. Having 
to explain a bad policy gone haywire, 
members drafted a position statement 
to convince tudents at large why the 
chosen strategies and behind-closed-
doors decisions have been justified 
- no apologies, and no regrets. 

Ironically. as the position paper 
justifying continuing the litigation was 
being completed, a motion to remove 
the UCB's name from a complaint 
which it never approved wa submit-
ted, despite Bumen's loud objections. 
But in the end, the motion was too late 
to save the UCB from the fate it had 
already sealed for itself. 

Sadly, along the way there were 

Undergrd(\uate Affairs Tom Tu ker 
has been asked to write the new board's 
charter. 

In the final analysi • it will be up to 
student to decide whether Ihey want 
Ihe Price Center and the Student Cen-
ter under the control of a sludem 
represemative body or under the long 
arm of the regent . I believe that the 
UCB ould win its suit against the 
university. but I reluctantly recognize 
Ihm the UCB does nO! have the fund 
necessary to pursue the case to i I . 
conclusion. I fi nd Ihis deliciously 
ironi - Ihe UCB cannot spend it 
monies on independem legal counsel 
because the UCB cannot spend il 
monies on independentleg<tl counsel. 
Sometime I have to laugh to keep 
from crying. 

The only possible way locominue 
Ihe legal case would be through dona-
lions fro m outside parties and indi-
vidual students. If this case then went 
10 trial. a judge would be faced wilh 
the question. "Doe the UCB ex ist'!" 
It is my informed beliefbased on legal 
advice Ihat the answer would be ye . 
Realistically, I doubt thai sufficienl 
funds will be raised and suspect Ihat 
Ihe administration could ucceed in 
eliminating Ihe UCB as an entity rep-
resenting students. 

resolve the issue once and for all? The 
reason is clear: a decision by the court 
in favor of the UCB would have state-
wide implicalions for all student elf-
assessed fees by first a knowledging 
that studcnls have a legal righl 10 
control their own monies, euing a 
precedent for other student associa-
tions to follow . changing the internal 
structure at each UC campus in tenn 
of their financial powers and, of 
course. prohibiting the UCSD admin-
istrat ion from unil aterally 
"disestablishing" student assoc iations 
(freedom of association is a First 
Amendment Right.) 

If the administration is allowed to 
get away with this atrocity, then this 
will have grave effects for all student 
governments and organizations at 
UCSD and throughout Ihe stale; in-
cluding, but not limited to. ASUCSD, 
GSAUCSD. SAAC and the co-op. 
We would be telling the administra-

many alternative strategies which the 
UCB and the co-ops could have pur-
sued which would have made tan-
gible progress toward more direct 
control over student fee-funded fa-
cilities, without sacrificing the rap-
portofsuchan essential tudentboard. 
The A.S., which does have legitimate 
financial backing for its legal repre-
sentation. retained John Francis. one 
of the most qualified lawyers in the 
nation with student governments and 
facilities. after Francis had already 
turned down a similar offer from the 
UCB. Since Ihen, Francis has done an 
exemplary job repre enting the As 0 -
dated Students, and was in trumen-
tal in negotiating the 11 th-hour com-
promise Memorandum of Under-
standing this past month. 

Prudence would have dictated that 
the UCB wait to pursue legal action 
until similar legal que tions between 
the A.S. and administration were 
settled, and then to seek ways of ex-
panding the decision to student fa-
cilities eitherexplicitly orby transfer-
ring up respon ibilities from the UCB 
to the A.S. 

Another option not pursued would 
have been ac\ass action suit on behalf 
of all undergraduate and graduate 

As a budding slUdent leader. I am 
mo t concerned about the precedent 
Ihi administrative action set . Which 
ludent group will be the next one to 

be dis olved by a ·troke of Watson '~ 
fiery pen? Will it beSAAc:? After all. 
SAAC is only advisory and i ' beset 
by internal problems. WhUI about the 
Women's Resource Center (WRC)? 
The WRC has never been popular 
with Wm on and right now i ex-
tremely vulnerable 10 admin istnuive 
action. In fact. a number of studems 
have made conlact with Ihe UCB 
inquiring whether the WRC spac\! 
was available for reallocation. 

At a personal leve l. I am outraged 
thai my hard work and effort as the 
Fifth College representative to Ihe 
UCB appears to have been w:lsted. I 
have become disillusioned wi th ~o­
called 'tudem govemmem. On a sane 
college campus. students and admin-
istralors would be work ing hand in 
hand toward the same objectives. AI 
UCS D.they're at each olher's throats. 

I must complimentlhe UCSD ad· 
minislration on one point. however. 
They certainly have taught me aboul 
politics. 

- Andrew Clark Is the Fifth 
College representative to the 

University Center Board. 

lion that il is acceptabl e to 
"diseslablish" anyone whocomradicts 
the interests of the rege nts. Orwell 
would have been impressed. 

Studenrsand srudcntorganizmions 
should not accepllhis type of intim i-
dation. UCSD ~tudents have a proud 
history of demanding that their con-
stitutional right of due process is re-
5pected and we should cont inue Ihm 
lradilion. 

It i . vi lalthut ·tudenls are in soli-
darity on this i ue. Wiltson's new 
"Advisory Board" should be boy-
corted by all studems. fnc uhy and 
staff. Letters can be writll!n to the 
chancellor and Non-Academ ic Griev-
ances can be filed again~t the Office 
of Student Affairs. 

The University Center Board will 
continue 10 meet every Monday 31 
5:30 p.m. in the Price Center. 

-ChriS Burnett is the chair of 
the University Center Board 

students paying the $37.50 activity 
fee, thus clearly establishing legal 
standing for a suit. But for an advi ory 
board 10 claim that il somehow has 
standing because it is being denied 
Ihe ability to control its own funds is 
se lf-contradictory. not 10 ment ion 
absurd. 

Finally. the mes could have been 
averted had the Board not sacri ficed 
its credibility the year before with its 
inane special-intere t leadership and 
radical social agenda. 

There's a ubtle les on here to the 
student body at large. When average 
students don 't gel involved to stand 
up for average student . there will 
always bea multitude of pecial inter-
e ts and agendas to teal the show 
before it reaches the stage. 

We owe it to ourselves not to 
allow other tudent organization to 
fall the way of the Univer ity Center 
Board. Much work remains for stu -
dents to bring together a competent 
and dignified University CenterBoard 
of Control from the ashe of the fonner 
UCB. 

-Mark Rotenberg Is the 
Associated Students represen-
tative to the University Center 

Board 



60PlNI The D GuarcUan Monday. Ft'bru81'Y 8. 1993 

WRC MEMBER ARE PL YI G THE VICTIM GAME 
Editor: 

r mu t admit that when the flISt 
report.~ ofth.: WRC \demi~eappeared 
in the Guardial/. 1 responded with 
typical male sarcasm (Wa, this flighty 
female behavior, or the result of hair· 
pulling, nail- rat hlng al.fighting?). 
I did however 100J.. forward 10 finding 

ut the full (01), e pecially \Ince the 
WRC appeared 10 remain open for 
business. Imagine m ~urpri>e when I 
found out that all of the flap was not 
about women's. oops, I mean gender 
I sues, but was raCially biased. 

A lener [0 the editor must neces· 
sarily be 100 brief to adequately ad· 
dres point by point [he issuespromp[' 
ing this latest move. So I will imply 
offertheobservation of how th is looks 
to the ca ual ob erver. A group of 
people en ing a privileged mentality 
at work against their gender form a 
grouplOcountenhat mentality, which 
they claim make them victi m . 
Within that group. a ubgroup claim 
to be n victim of a privileged mental-
Ity held by the first group. thus mak· 
ing them greater victims. This gives 
the impres ion that the true motiva· 
tions is to play the "Who Can Be the 
Bigge [ Vtctim" game. This game is 

best played by women suffering from 
Privilege Mentality yndrome. 

TIle WRC will earn more respect 
from people on campus when It an 
present the linage of a cohesive orga· 
nlzation more intere ted In serving i 
membel"> than arguing about VI tim· 
ization and eKclu'lon. I wi h them 
Iud, III that endeavor. A to those 
whining about double \'icltmizatl n, 
your arguments \ound like a load of 
hooey. 

John oriega 

Another Bum Rap 
For UCSD Greeks 
Editor: 

I am deeply offended by Eric 
Adrian's anempt to tear down the 
Greek system in his lenerto the editor 
(,The Guardian is in Bed With the 
!Fc''' Feb. I). For not being a Greek, 
Mr. Adrian seems to think he knows 
a lot about what Greek life i . It 's 
people like Mr. Adrian that only in· 
crease the weight of the stereotypical 
myth that Greek contend with ev· 
eryday. Thelruth is thata fratemity of 
the '6(b is nO! a fratemity of the '90s. 

A~ a fall pledge and a recent initiate. 

Artists that listen. 
Before YOIII' next bail' ajJpobltmeuttbink 
about t bese qllest iOlls ... 
Q. II 1'11/1' Pili' hlllrtllllll.!.! 

I/JOI 1'''" 1((1111 11111 
( (11//11111(' elf 111I.f.!. ' 

Q. 

Q. 

" "'" " 1',,/1 /' "fill' 
til/II!.!.! Ihlll 1'111/ du" I 
/1 ',/1/1 11111 I)" dill/I.!.! ' 

II ',I/lrl \'1111 11l-,' '(Jill<' 
Ihil!.!.! 1/('((, (/lId dllle'n'lIl ' 

Look YOllr best e,Jet: 
MensCuts 

$4 
OFF 

(Reg. $21.00) 

WomensCuts 
$5 

OFF 

I. of all pe pie, hould know. 
I w never forced to do orne· 

thing against my will. I was treated 
with the re pect that I deserved.llJust 
doesn'tmakesensetohumiliatesome· 
one who is a candidate to become one 
of your brothers. Fratemltle~ hay!! 
realized that hazing b not benefiCial 
for produ ing good brothers. ~oun· 
tain retrea and boat trips are in no 
way a plan to move hazing to a place 
where "they can't be caught." Re· 
treats and trips are imply a time for 
people to bond. 

As far as being in "the exclu ion 
game"fratemities and sorori tie~don 't 
pick and choo e as much as you think. 
Most of them are beginning to be very 
diver~ified. Whether Mr. Adrian 
chooses to believe it or not. in my 
fratemity there i a mix of religiou 
beliefsandracial backgrounds, which 
means we aren't all "white" as he 
would like people to believe. It is true, 
however, that we do not take every-
one. some people are ju t not meantlo 
bea Greek. Mo t of the time, they are 
turned away becau e they are obnox· 
ious and disrespectful. 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Gurian ""_ loners hem itS IIIQrs. W. 
,..."., N .,r to edit fer "'VfIl1fICI c:IInO'. s.nc II 
etters 10. 

The Gua<Oian 
OI>r><JtIEe1tor 

9-'00 c;....,., Dr. 03111 
La JoIJo. ~ 9209~16 

that drink and people that don't. There 
are a few people in my fraternity that 
are 100 percent sober all of the time. 
[ can't say fraternities don't abuse 
alcohol, but thi i college, alcohol 
abu e is rampant among us all. 

i would like to comment that this 
ha not been written for "good Greek 
PR," but rather to justify having the 
time of my life, while people like Eric 
Adrian are wasting their time com-
plaining about it. 

r~--~------l 
I I 
I ft./'/ ~ I ~HAIR I DESIGN I I I 
I I 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE CENTER 

(Across from Mm Tlleaten 4II04aO 
DEl MAR HIGHLANDS 

(Nex1 to WherehooM R~) m~l 
CLAtREMONT SQUARE 

(Next 10 VonS) 274-2100 
MIRA MESA 

(Next to Pina Hut) .. 100 
nERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 and santo Rd.) 211-4423 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
WALK INS WELCOME 

MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

I 
I 
I 
I 

As faras alcohol abuse goes. within 
the fraternity system,there are people Dave Schechter L Must present coupo~. Exp 2122193 .J 

--------

You're about to graduate. 
Are you ready to lead an 
entire industry? 

Get out in front fast at Adaptec. Since we started the SCSI revolution 
back in 1981, we've enjoyed consistent profitability and growth. We are 
an acknowledged leader in I/O solutions, providing both hardware and 
software technology to manage the data flow between personal comput-
ers and peripherals. It's the perfect environment in which to pull ahead 
of the pack. 
W e're looking for Comp Sci/Comp Eng, Elec Eng graduates for 
Hardware and Software Engineering opportunities. 

COME TO OUR INFORMATION SESSION 
Thursday, February II , 5:00-7:00pm 
Price Center, Room SanFrlSanta Crz 5AB 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Thursday, March .. 
Career Services Center 
In return. Adaptec provides an environment where high achievers are 
rewarded with an excellent salary and benefits package. If unable to see 
us while on campus, we encourage you to send your resume to: 
Adaptec. College Recruiting, 691 South Milpitas Blvd., Milpitas, CA 
95035, FAX: (408) 945-7852. Adaptec is an equal oppor-
tunity employer. @Jadaptec 

Monday, February 8.1993 

U CB: University 
closes door on two 
years of UeB actvism 
ContInued from pace 1 

"I don't think I'm prepared to 
work with any committee that is 
going to advise [while at the same 
time] it is going to sue [the univer-
sity)," Watson said. 

Assistant ViceChancellorofStu-
dent Programs and Facilities Tom 
Tucker agreed. "The key is that [we 
were) not getting good recommen-
dations from the current board," he 
said. 

On Jan. 26, the board filed an 
amended complaint in San Diego 
County Superior Court against 
Watson, Tucker, University Cen-
ters Director Jim Carruthers, Chan-
cellor Richard Atkinson and the UC 
Regent . The suit i an attempt by 
the board to gain access to the Uni-
versity Center fees for the purpo e 
of retaining independent legal coun-
sel. 

The university insists that the 
board is an advisory body and has 
no right to control the funds or retain 
independent counsel. 

In Morrison 's Feb. 3 memo to 
Watson he wrote that "cases such as 
[the board' lawsuit] are frivolous 
and a waste of university funds. 
Indeed, this lawsuit is such a flout-
ing of university authority that I 
strongly recommend that you 
di establish the University Center 
Board and replace it with an advi-
sory body which understands and 
respects the neces ary conditions 
and limitations upon student par-
ticipation in campus governance." 

Burnell was "infuriated" by 
Watson's decision and he pledges 
to fight the decision in the courts. 

"They think they have the unilat-
eral right to control millions of dol-
lars [of) student money," Bumett 
said. "It 's infuriating. I feel like they 
reacted hastily ... but it doesn't sur-
prise me." 

Burnett added that the adminis-
tration has a history of disbanding 
student organizations when it per-
ceives a threat from the group. 

"This is disgusting. It 's as if you 
disagree with the administration, this 
is the action they are going to take," 
Bumett said. 

Associated Students President 
Mike Holmes said yesterday that 
"we as students, and especially stu-

dents within the A.S .. , have been 
looking to revise the board [but the 
university's unilateral action) has 
been deemed unacceptable by stu-
dent leaders." 

Holmes said that any decision on 
the fate of the UCB should have 
been made with the assi tance of 
student govemmen~. "It didn't go 
through any student decision-mak-
ing," he said. 

The A.S. would most likely sup-
port a temporary restraining order 
to allow time for the matter to be 
settled, he added. 

Fonner Fifth College represen-
tative to the UCB Andrew Clark 
expressed concern over the future 
implications of Watson's action. 

"If the VCSD administration can 
unilaterally disband the University 
Center Board, which student orga· 
nization is next?" Clark said. ''I'm 
not most concemed about the cur-
rent dispute but about the 
administration 's flagrant misuse of 
its authority." 

However. fonner A.S. represen-
tative to the UCB Mark Rotenberg 
said that while he can understand 
why the university made the deci-
ion to di establish the board. it was 

not the most ethical action it could 
have taken. 

He said that Watson should have 
given the UCB time to vote on a new 
resolution that would have removed 
the board' name from the lawsuit. 
The issue was discus ed at the 
VCB' last official meeting Feb. I 
but could not be voted on until this 
week. 

"The university was basically 
acting in elf-defense and had the 
power to do what it did," said 
Rotenberg. "It' s a culmination of 
two years of mismanagement by the 
board." 

Former UCB Vice Chair Aaron 
Goodman took Rottenburg's com-
ment a step further, saying that 
Watson 's action was necessary un-
der the pre ent circumstances. He 
said that the board's actions were 
clearly out of their area of jurisdic-
tion and that disestablishing the 
board was a necessary step. 

"The old UCB was anchored by 
reckless, agenda-pushing renegades 
[who) tried to make the board some-
thing it was not," Goodman said. 
"Hopefully the new board will be 
something moreeffecti ve-geared 
more toward policies and facilities 
management than towards taking 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses EKtended Soft Lenses 
B&L Sof. Spin B&L 10-1 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas perm. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
emerald. green 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lo •• 1 •• rvlc. 
• Q •• llt, I, ••• r. 

IOfftrupka JIIJt9JI • •••• 0 •• .,1. PrlC •• 
Cu.EMONT 
27~1818 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

The UCSD Guardian 

the regents to court." 
De pite the objections. Bumett 

said the fonnermembers of the board 
will continue to meet and will go on 
with their legal action again t the 
university. He cites the ACLU. the 
Associated Students, the Graduate 
Student Association (GSA), the co-
ops, "private parties" and "con-
cemedstudents"as possible sources 
of funding for the lawsuit. 

The new board will consi t of 
representatives from the five col-
lege councils,the A.S., the GSA,the 
Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee (SAAC), the Academic Sen-
ate, the Alumni A sociation and the 
Staff Association, 

A co-op representative will not 
be included because the co-ops are 
now under the juri diction of the 
A.S. and GSA. accordin g to 
Carruthers. The A.S. and GSA 
agreed last weekend to oversee the 
student co-operatives in negotiations 
between the administr.l.tion and the 
co-ops. 

Tucker said that he does not ex-
pect the UCB decision to affect the 
completion of the co-op negotia-
tions because the university has al-
ready signed the major parts of the 
agreement , including a five-year 
lease agreement. 

Watson aid he hopes to have a 
better relationship with the new 
board. 

"We welcome student participa-
tion, and we welcome working with 
it in a mutual partnership:' Watson 
·aid. "but there has to be at least two 
panies to it." 

Tucker agreed, saying that the 
administration "didn't want to lose 
the concept of that kind of inp~" 

Watson will be writing the col-
leges and associations involved in 
the new board regarding the selec-
tion of representatives next week. 

Rotenberg said that he hopes the 
A.S. is included in the creation of a 
new charter for the board to ensure 
that the two bodies have as little 
"overlap" as po sible. He explained 
that the A.S. and GSA should be the 
political bodies for students, and the 
new university centers board should 
confine it elf to purely operational 
and management decisions. 

The A.S. will discuss the matter 
and any possible action at its 
Wednesday meeting, according to 
Holmes. 
- News editor Francisco DeVries 

contributed to this report 

NEW 7 

Ca~ C[]py+~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

----\ VOLUME DISCOUNTS ~ f 31124 VELD & COMB BINDING CO?" BUSINESS CARDS 
.... IH~ J.D $5 95 1 ~~;:llC~'l" \ PROFESSORS NOTES 

L- ~ FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
3211 Ha/il/(IY Ct. ( " ext to Do",itlO's Pizza) • 452-9949 

M·F 8:30-6 p .rn bp 3 H 93 
SAT. 10-1 With ucso to 

~nll~WINf. f~O. t 
Ue5D 
"lG'" Wednesday 

Nights 

I • 

" 

$1 :"....~' 
PILSNIRS ---

\O~· 
t1\ ,0 ' , .. , .\ \ 
y,~~O! ,.' 

{c: ,""f! 

L------·"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 

Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
II am-2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w studenllD 

r---1r::,~n'UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~!72~.~~~~Y* 
"'We deIMw ·520 minimum purchase · whhin 5 mile radius orcampus 

E.p.l/22.9J 
NOl valid wah 
any other otTer. 

as always, 10% off when you 
vrsit the store with your UCSD lD 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center ; 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77e 

No minimum • 8 1/211 x 1111 • Self-serve. Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 2411 x 3611 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8'1/2" x 11" 
only 4«1: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 



8 NEW 

M.A. IN COUNSELING PSYCHOLOGY 
Specialiution olrertd in: 

.&tarriJ«e, Family and Child Coun&ding 
CouRldin« P'ycboloc' 
Chemieal Dependeney 

For I bl'Ott.1't and Ipplic:alion call today (310) 333-7s..7 
loJOll ...,..,.... Unimoilr r....Iuk Dmoioa 
loJOll IN. II Yeo! _ St. 'IM A.p., CA !!OMS 

FREE 
DOlEN 

710wers d! gifts 
Co 13 Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

' .In OK'gO. CA 92122 

CARNATIONS 

558-6666 ~p.2/lU9] 
.. 
"''Ire DtUvtr 
World "'ilk' 

La Jolla Zoo Be Teddy Bear Express 
AFFORDABLE STUFFED ANIMALS 

Ship UPS Nallanwlde 
Open 7 days 

1298 Prospect Street. 2B 
Coast Walk. Mid Level 

( -~) - La Jolla 
) \ '\ 456-1412 ~Q) Validated Porklng G (]ND ~J~~~ eQJ 10% Oft Valentine items If.Iith this ad. J .~. . Offer 000d unU 2/14/93. Not valid with any other ~-.l',;,; ~ offer. Owned by UCSD alurmJ. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BURNETT: Fonner UCB 
Chair files grievance 
ContInued from pe&e 1 
indicated that because the charges were unwarranted, 
he wanted a lenerofapology. I providcd one to him," he 
said. 

WalSon added that he did nO( guarantee leners of 
reprimand for Aguilar and Carruthers, and did not draft 
any because "none appeared to be necessary." 

In November. Carruthers accused Burnett ofremov-
ing the door of the North Conference Room,occupying 
the room and refusing to leave when ordered to do so. 
The accusation were officially dismissed by Mort two 
weelcs ago for lack of evidence. Mort found that Burnett 
was not present at the scene during the time he was 
alleged to have committed the violations. 

According to Aguilar, Burnett was never actually 
charged with anything, only accused of possible viola-
tions. "That's a fine di tinction," Aguilar explained, 
"and it's a problem with the two-phase [complaint) 
evaluation proces ." 

Under the CUJTent Student Conduct Code, the direc-
tor of tudent conduct is responsible for reviewing and 
evaluating all complaints to determine the applicability 
of the code to theconduct de cribed in a particular case. 

The director can ei ther dismiss or forward the al-
leged violation totheappropnatecollegedean who then 
decides if there will be a full inve ligation and hearing. 

The grievance was drafted by Irons, who will mosl 
likely represent Burnell duringany formal proceedings. 
Irons aid he intends to question Aguilar's role as 
student conduct coordinator in reviewing complaints 
and recommending prosecution of conduct violations 
without evidence or inve tigation. 

"When the dean got the complaint. all he had to do 
was inve tigate it," Aguilar aid. No evidence sup-
ported the accusations, " therefore no charges were 
filed . The proces worked," he explained. 

The problems ari ing from the Bumen case has 
forced the Office of Student Conduct and kdicial 

Monday, February 8,1993 

David ChO/ Guaroian 
Former UCB Chair Chris Burnett flied a grievance 
acaInst Jim Carruthers and Nicholas "Cullar. 
Affairs to take another look at the current review 
process, according to Aguilar. "As a result of this 
confusion, the process will be revised," he said. 

Aguilar said the entire evaluation and investigation 
process will eventually occur in one office, either 
through the specific college dean's or his own. "We are 
working to eliminate this kind of confusion as to when 
someone is accused and when someone is charged," 
said Aguilar. 

While Aguilar declined to comment on the Burnell 
case specifically, he added that "Idon't forward matters 
unless there is enough information." 

Burnett said his case could "go a lot further" than the 
university grievance process, but would not speculate 
how far he would take the case. "We'll wait and see," he 
said. 

f WRITE for 

Let Our Personal Attention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

TI calculators 
work harder. 

J h,- PIIII\.('!UII R..:\ I':" ~II\H'" Ih.1I 
1;,111.111 ~ I.",,' arc 1:,,-..:nl1,1111I (\nt..:r 
In f.!l" .llu~hcr 'i.c..orc un )our 
F-1;Hlu,lll' Iolhuol C.JIi.1I11 
111.11 .. \l.h) ulir dl\' ... ~' rJn~" from 
12 lu I" \ lml{'lIh ~ltut lIfl'l!'HUPC:I.1 
h y ,h:UCit ,IIe-I1):.lh, (lIId 

v.C'.t~n{'~'f" If)uu 1I('('iI('" ,r •• 
help. )0111 "".truLlo! ~tll ""'u~ 
\\Jllh )OU 111 PC"ttl1 1I11111 tlll hill y 
ulwcr,III1Hllhc mull'n,11 
Alld )OUI ,CUIC lr1lpn1\l'lIll' nt 1'-1 
gU~lrallll'1.:d Perh,',,, Ih.II" '"' h) 
\l(."ft' Ih(' fa Ie" l!flI"lIlg Ic"" 
pn.'"p.tralI0n COU I'\C. 

Our ,"lotll da\,clr, Jll(xluc~ b.~ 
re'lull.; (: ()n~ltler ou r 31.crage <-; me 
IIHPHl\ emcnl '> 

LS T 10 p","I< 
(;M I ~\ po.n. 
(iRE 21!i IM'llIlo; 

~ IC T 11~1I11" 
1'" .. , ph.'1' \\ .th;l '''t~r'''('IIH, 1 lUuc.:h Jild 
gu;mmtccLi n· ... ult'. IhJI', 1 he 
Pnr)('wn Rc\ 1('", 

TI lE ~-PRIN-'~"TO-- -
RE IE\ __ 

We Score More 
(619) 695·9952 

,.,' .... "N,.,,. .. ""-ofur" ", •. 1""" ,It.. {,'''' 1111.·,.,,1 1 "'''( \ro't,r, f" .. "·",,, r "'" , .,,, 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
bener bargaIn. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
'with this ad. Otter expires 2122193. 

• AEROBICS • LFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOt.IS 
, NAUl1lUS • PERSONAllNSTRUCT1OH 

·4 MIlES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

F'1fSI ",sit mc.ntW.s1 

To help you work 
smarter. 

11-81 A powerful, yet easy,to, 
use graphics calculator, 

SALE $ 86.75 reduced 
from $90.95, while supplies last. 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Th.r UCSD Bookstore Electronics Department • 534-4320 
I lOURS: Mon - Fri, 8 am - 6 pm & Sat, 10 am - 5 pm 

Monday, February 8, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 9 

. j.,:~:::~:,:~~.: 1:::~::: ~:::;:::: .. ' ... 
....... ; .. .; ,;, . 

University of c,an Die80 
&hoolofLaw 

The University of San Diego School of Law 
invites all individuals interested in the study 

of law to an informational seminar. 
The program includes: 

• A discussion of the value of legal education. 
• Advice on how to finance law school 
• Demonstration of a first-year class 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1993 
Doors Open at 10:00 a.m. 

Program - 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. 
USD Shiley Theater 

5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 

Following the program, an informal buffet will be 
provided from 12:45 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., where USD 

faculty, alumni, and students will be available to 
meet with those in attendance. 

Call (619)260-4528 for reservalions by 
TuEsDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1993 

USD does not discriminate an the basis of sex. race. calor. religion. age. 
national origin. ancestry or handicap in n policies and programs. 

* PRESENTED BY: 
lliGS 00= TI'W 

University of California-San Diego 
Revelle Plaza 

February 23 • 11 am-5pm / February 24 • 10 am-4 pm 

SPONSORED BY: 

A 1993 FORD ESCORT LX 
SPORT DR A WALK-ON ROLE ON 

~ UCSD 
. ~ Recreation 

NiIIIi USA ~ J'BEU. 
0:;4:11-~ maxell. 
o 1993 CBS Inc A" Rtg/1tl R .... rvad 

" 



Monday, February 8,1993 

THE 

~EEKLy 
(~ALENDA1~ 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Mot>OII)' /I1IO<JffI F~y 

• 8 • • m.-4:30 p.m. tFrldoy ·3 p.m.) - Tho OASIS I.a.,uac. """"'" provides as.lSlance to ltudent.s 
whose nsUve Iquage IS not [relish and to those 
doII1C work In J.pane .... Germon. Spanosh. French 
and v,etnam ..... A dlilll/lOstlc I.st on Wfltten English 
IS available on '~esl. CIU 5342284 for "'(0. 
(WHi./y) 
. 8 a.m.-4:3O p.m. - Tho OASIS _ . Wrltln~ 
Work,hop pro\lides free 11l(IIVl(jYII InCi &roup 
conferences to aSSist students With wntln& prOiects . 
SWW al60 offers tree WOld ptoceulna flClhtl" and 
computer aSSIstance. Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 
534·7344 10 _Ie en appolntmenl. ( ....... Iy/ 
• 8'30 • . m.-4·30 p.m . - Let OASIS Stud, 
MllM&ement Cen1e, help you this QuBrter With tJme 
management. note t8kl", ancl edlHI'lI. teICtbook 
onatyslS. memory. ~JObI./speed reed"", voclbul.ry 
dov.lopm.nt and GRE/ LSAT/ MCAT v.,DII 
comprehenSIOn. SlOP by YOf1( Hall 4010 Of call 534-
7344 to..,t UP. personal OPPO<lltment. A1so. ltoyon 
the _ t f .. thO ... valu""'e OASIS Stully SkJlI. 
Workshop and the GRE weekl!nd .peclals. twee.ly) 
. 8 am.-4:3O p.m . - The OASIS Wrltln, Clntol IS 
a It" seMe& fOl II UCSO students , w. offer one to 
one Wf itlnj conferences tor In)' type 01 wntlrc PfOJKt 
ecademlC PIpers. personal statements. even stotles 

and poems. OUr stiff of tra ined underl'adu8te5. who 
come from a vallety of academtC cfisclOflnes. can help 
)'OU become a mole effectIVe Willet. Call 534·2284 to 
make an apPOintment or drop by our OfflClII 10 the old 
Student Center. 6011<1 .. , A. Room 214 . (~ .. kly) 

Monoay. Feo. 8 
• 9 •. m.-4 p.m. - Mull Colle,. Wrltln, Poo,ram 
Lottery appltCBuon periOd for Spnnl Quarter '93 
wulM'li classes ends lodey. FiU out and SUbmltlottety 
"ticket' at HSS 2346 and get Informatlononv.hen to 
relum for lottery results . 
• 33 :50 p.m - Producln, Or,anlutlon -
Classlf"auonCn."s. Etc. OASIS Stu<lyMonaaement 
Center. York Ha!! 4010. Free. Prert!e,JstfatJOn IS 
recommended. 534-7344 . 

Tuesdll)'. Feo. 9 
• 3-3.50 p.m. - Time Menagement Workshop -
Leam to manaae valuaDle study time more efficiently . 
OASJS Study Management Center, 'tork Hall 4010. 
Free. Prele"strallon Is recommen<led. 534-7344. 

Wedr16S(1I1)'. Feo. 10 
• 10-10:50 • . m. - Memory TechnIQues - OASIS 
Study Management Center. 'tork Hall 40tO. Free. 
PreregistratIOn IS recommeoded. 534-7344, 

TllUrst1ay. Feb. 11 
• 9-9:50 • . m. - t..ecturs/ Not_l", - OASIS 
Stu<ly Menagement Center . York Hall 4010. Free. 
PrereglSttalKW't IS recommenoeo. 534-7344 . 

LECfURES 
Wednesdll)'. Feb. J 0 

• 6:30 p.m. - Tne San 010,0 Cnapter of tne 
Society torle<:hnlcal Communicat ion plesents Dr . 
Robert Hecht Nielsen 01 HNC, Inc .• 'WhowlU present 
en "Introduction to Artlftcl., Intlllllll.ne . ... Held 
In the auditorium of the San Ole&o Suoercomputer 
Center on campus . Free for s tudents: $5/ 
members , nofWllembefS. Call 221·JOBS for more 
Information, 

7OOrsday. F.o. 11 
• 12 p.m. - The Ethnic Studl.S Oept. presents 
Eugene Gaoel •. Oean. Socl.1 ScIences. UCSC : 
'UnlwosltyofC81_1.atIno £llllbU1Iy TIIk force.-
3415 L,t .. atur. 6olldi,.. 
• HI p.m. - InlematiOnal NlgIlt: CMI war end 
Poh1tC5 In the Fonner Yugoslavia - Speakers from 
me foomer Yucoslavi. will \le dlscus,ing brlefhlstooy. 
present war and Its media ooverage. pro$pec\.S for 
the "'ture. In WIly Not H ... 7(nel<t to Revelle CoIlese 
Cafelen.). Spon~ed by the Culturat Awareness 
Network al Revelle Collese. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Mondll)'-frlday 

. 9 • . m.·3 p .m . - Stop talk ing about It , make 
It happen! Belin your rna ... , towards peak 
fitness by getting I tr •• fltnt ••• '.ellment 
through FlTSTOP. Come by second tloor Student 
Health and make an apPoIntment todeyl 
(weeklyl 

MOO<Iay-Thursday 
• (Morr. :2 p.m.; Tu ••• 10 a .m. & 1 p.m.; Wed 11 
• . m. & 1 p.m.; Thurs . JO a .m . & 1 p.m.) -
Valentine' s Day IS near. Thmkmg of celebrating In 
a se:..ual way? First come to the Women's Se.-ual 
Health Info session. 

Wec/nesday-Frlday 
• fWed. 1-4 O.m.; Thur. 2-4 p.m.: f ri . 1-4 p.m.I-Are 
you concerned about your blood cnolesterol l .... e l7 
Come to Student Health Service to find out . This 
Qu iCk and painless screenin, Is only $5 , No 
appointment needed. 

Wednesaay. Feb. 10 
• 11 a .m.·l p.m. - Where can you nnd a free 
Conoom·Mint Valentine In "onor of Condom 
Awareness Week? At Student Health Advocate 
Condom·Mlnt Table at the Price Clr. PI .. I . Health 
Ed S34-1824 . 
• 12·1 p.m. - B.Y.O.B .. Brln, Ypu, Own Banana 
- A wOrkShop for you In honor of Condom 
Awareness week, For students by students ' 
Student Health Act.ocotes . Pric. Ctr. Riverside-
0lVl8 Room neer study lounge , 534·1824 Healt" 
Ed. 

Thulsdll)'. F«>. 11 
• 11a.m.,1p.m. - LastcnancetofindfreeConoom. 
Mint Valentine.lntllllO "" Feb. 141 Come b)'COndon'l-
Mint tal>le to<l.,. at Prlcl Center Plaza. Presented b)' 
StuOenl Health AdIIocate, ror stu<tents. HI.1tl1 Ell 

~34-1824 . 
FtI<1lIy. FeO.12 

• 407 p.m. (S.t .. 9 ' .m.·' p.m.) - Th. UCSO 
ModiCII Cent., will hOIl the Thomton Hospital 
C .... r Open HOUSI at the Hyatt A_tine. ThiS II 
• ,ood chanee for )'01/ and ,our heafthc.re 
plof ••• lonal friend. to le.,n .bout JOb 
opportunities and the petlent co,. rlellwry model 
p1amod for Thomton Hospltol . WItch for the s.n Oiaco Union ad for I'l10<. <leteill . 

SERVICES & W ORKSHOPS 
MonI1ay.Fliall)' 

. 8 l .rn.-4:30 p.m. - SIAl. ~ jIfO-

..... 01 cal.., Inlormatlon desiO'tll to help you 
ctanfy your slulls. values end lOtere,L For more 
"'fooma\JOn. come to the Career 5eMcea Cenler. 
$10. fwffirly) 
. 9 a.m.·5 p.m. - Women'. ReeoufCe Cettter Pter 
Coo_line - Feel hke no one un<lerotands7 Worntn 
counselors trained b)' Psych . SoI'llCeS "",llI>te ID 
help With cn5eS Of 1M! support and r.ferrals (Of your 
net(lS. Confi<le1ltlll. safe ,pact. Walk In or by 
appointment. LOC<IIe<l ln tile Old Student CenterBIdl. 
A. ~J4.2023 . (weei./y) 
. 1:30-4 p .m. - OROP~N ADVISING HOURS - For 
holpWlth c.,,"'" """S.jobhun!ln&-'esumt preperauon 
0' e)' ptoflng profesSional or areduate SChOOl 
owonun4ues. No appotntment nee<JId. Just want In 
ID the Car_ So",,,e. Center. l weel<ly/ 
• M£HTOfI . GradUating thiS quarter and JOI>-eeekln{7 
We'lI match you 'IIolth a profe551Of'l81 1n your field who 
Will get ~ Stlrt.ed netwo<lonl In the lOcal jo/> marl<eL 
SrII' up .t Caree< 5eMce1. (weeI<Jy) 

_y. FtIb. 8 
• 11 a.m. - OrH:ameoa InteMOWI.,. SkJlI, fOt 
EmplOyment - US"" YKIeO. ImprO\ll)'CUr ttlChnl(lOe 
UYou&h Pf8CtiCe and valuable fee<lladc. Pre-requ15lte: 
IntoMowlng SkIlls WorkS/1op. SIll' up at Coreer 
SeMces Reference Room 
. 12·2 p.m . - Adu~ Chlldran olAlc.nolles ""Cflo-
EAluut!oo\al Support O_p - A ",,"p to explo<. 
ifOWIn& up With 8n alcohohc parent. MountaIn VIeW 
Lounge. no ree. Leadeo: Jeanne Mane..,. 534-3035. 
. 1·2 :30 p .m . - Overcomlnl CoonjMIlol .. &tlnl -
Group fO' women wno dlel and blnle. Focus on 
<leveIOPlng cop,n,s',IIS. HSS 2148. no I ... Leaotr: 
Equllia Luke. 534.3585. BOd Stephanie Eischen. Call 
ror 5I&lWP. 
• 2 pm. - InleMe'Nlng SkJlls Worilshop - learn 
tedYlHlues reQ\JHed to be successful an the ,nteMew 
process. Career SeMCes Center. 
. 2..Jp.m. - Lesblanp'1 biMau.lpee' courweUnc 
WIth OaVid. Do ~ ha"" a que.t .... about ~r 
se.uah'Y? 00 you neeCI an unoerStancttnC person to 
lalk t07 Drop In & let • t.lk. Locole<f on 2na floor of 
Price <Anter In ~( counselln& office (nel{t 10 library 
lounge & Mac's Place). CaU 534-3987 f .... _.,11. 
(wee.ly) 
. 4-5 p.m. - SLATE: sentOr' liberal Alta Tr Inina fOt 
Employment - This wo""shoP. eSCOClIl1y de Slane<! 
fOt hoeral artam8JOf$, will let you tocusea on a caree, 
fiekj IIf1d read)' to look for work If1 JUst five I-hr 
..... ,on • . SIGN UP EARL YI 

1uesday. Feb. 9 
. 10-11 :3Oa.m.-lMa_Moumln,-A groupfOt 
students whO WI&n to explor. new weys to grHM! tI'Ie 
deatllof a tovedone. l003GH. no fee. Le_r: RoI>n 
Ree<l-SpoulOing. 5J4.C2~. encI Ron Lane. 534-

02~. CoU for 51"",p. 
• 11 B.m. - Mar1o.etabJe ResurM - Learn heM to 
make a posItive ImpresslOf1 WIth )'OU, resum6. 

. 1~·1 p.m.-LHblllnCOy_.uat"..1 cou_lIn, 
__ Ith Steve. 00 )OU have a Quesuon about your 
sexUGll1y7 Do you ~ an un<lerSlandlng person 10 
talll, 10? Drop In & lefs talk. LOCinea In me peer 
counsell,. office (near Mac' s Place" Library toon&e 
In Pnee Cntr.) Call 5343987 lor delalls . (weekl)i) 
. 1·2:30 p.m . - Women MoIInted .. Children - A 
group for women SU"''''''' 01 ch,klhood/ adolescent 
.IXUal .\)use. 1003 GH . no fee. Le_rs: Miriam 

IOSU~ICI , 534-0255. and Jane Parr. Call for si8f'K.lp. 
• 4:3t}6 p.m. - ~"tP II'" _ •• 'IIIanIJII' 
00uu!I- AwwpfoaJSs'lIonoelationshops. self esteem. 

~ and female Identity. HSS 2125. no file. 
Leeder: EQuIlle Luke. SJ4.3!185. Cell for s!lWp. 
• 6:J0.8 p.m. - G~ Gay/ BIN ..... Men'l 
Su-, GlOUp - A safe. confidenUI weekly "oup 
for grad students to diSCUS' Issue. aIlout .. xuallty. 
LtII by Man. StUdentCnt/. ' e' _ ..... 1 conr. room. 
No fee . Call 534-3987 for detail,. (_My) 

Wed'1e5day. Feb. 10 
• 8·9 :30 a.m. - Support Group for Olde, 
UOMIer&redua1e and Rllumlne S_nta - Llterature 
Bldg. Rm 3240. no I ••. L.aoer: David 6Iast>an<!. 534-
3987 . Call 10' si"",p. 
• 12 p.m . - Orientat"", tp Teacher Education 
Protrams: K-12 - F"W'Id OUl aoout tne creoentJII 
process. Career SeMCes Center. 
• 2:30 p .m . - JoI) Search 101 - ~ of aU )01> 
vlICancles are un8OVerOsed. This WOf1<shop Will teach 
)'OU the mo.t eHectNe woy to fM"d them . Career 
ServtCes Center, 
. 3-4:30 p .m.-Ch_/I. UtI .. / .. Multlcuttural 
Su,"" GIOUP - A group to diSCUSS r.lat,onsh,ps. 
familia. parents. economiCS. se~ ... pect.tions and 
more. leader. OanMuroz. 534-1579. ROII'Jlte Collett 
Provo Bldg. No f..,. 
• 3-4:30 p .m. - Grad .... Mon', ...., W_'I 
Tho""y Oroup - A group for grldUate atudents 
Interested in expk)rin& relationships . academic! 
profeSSional Issues. end personal concems. 1003 
GH. no lee . Laade": Mlrlem 10supoylcl. 534-0255. 
and AMn ""'al". Call for """,p . 
• 4-5 p.m . - SLATE: Senior U\leral Arts TraInIng fOt 
EmploJment - Thll _kshop. espec.,11y de,iane<! 
for hberalartsmlllOfS. WIll get~ focultdon 8 c.reer 
fItId and reaoy to lOOk ror wor1< In )Ult rMl l-11r. 
... sslons. SIGN UP EARL YI Car ... r So",,,,",, Center. 

.~:3Op.m.-_/_."'W ....... ·a'-l 
GlOUp - We're • connoeotlll weet<Iy llrop-in I/OUP 
open to all UCSD students. A I.fe & friendly 
Itmosphere _,, )'OU con openy discuss )'OUr 
sexuahty. Le<f b)' CheH and LIII. IMIlt Room. 2nd 
tIoorPnee Cent.r.CaI1534-3987 Io<dellliis. (weeI<Jy) 
• 6:J0.8 p.m. - 118)1/-'''''' Mon'. Su-' 
Group - We're a confidential weekly drop..n croup 
open to all UCSD stullents. A safe & friend~ 
Itmospne,e wtlere )'OY can diSCUSS your saxullitY . 
Le<f by David" St ..... Student CnV. 'B' Iower_ 
conI. room. Call ~4-3987 . (weekly/ 

Thursday. Feb. 11 
• 2 p.m . - Internationll """I,.: Graduate School 
Option. -International_llairs. relltion • • policy. and 
area .tudl., "",,"ate procrams and career paths 
<liscu • ...,. Car_SoMCfl c-r. 

. 2.Jp.m.-~P7_'uoI_"""'" 
wI1h Usa. Do)'OU haYe. ~ about)'CUr seJlUoIi\Y1 
00 )'CU need .,. underS1IndlnC _ 10 talk to? 
Coop in .. let·, tIIk. l.oc8ted In tho _ c:our-. 
ofIIce (neer Mec:', "'- • UClraoy ~ In Pnc. 
Cntr.) CIII 534-31181 tor _II. ~) 

The UCSD Guardian 

. 3--4:30 p.m. - _ -w........, - AI/OUP 
tocu~on ~ _SkiU,. 1003 GH. no 
fee. Leader. t.nJaey C_. ~249. Call far 
Info. 
• 5 :JO.7p.m. - C-_ ............ -
Ale ~ tilt frien<I Of _ one 01 • Iesb< ... 811)' or 
bi __ 7 Do)'OlO want 10 be ... ~ but 
aren't SUN '-1 Drop in . ...... I ~ lifo .. 
confIdentIaIlfOUP thet _ ~r .-. Price 
Center . 90rIIeley room. CIII ~31N17 10< more 
detaIls. 

F~. FfO. J2 
• ~10:3O • . m. - W_. __ ~-
A &roup for women ... """""ofchd,h,od/_so:ent 
sexuel abuSe. 1003 GH. no IN. Leader1: e..erty 
HlrJU. SJ4.2237. end PniI RlpIIMI. 5340C252. c.-
ror S;"""P. 
• 12:3(}2 p.m. - "-AIIao --, _ -
0r0J>'n ...,p lIIIIresl"" ooncem. of Asl .. jPlCJfic 
lsi_" 1tlIdenIs. Le-.a: Je ...... MantM. S34-
3035. and AMn AIY1Iral. Mount"" v..w L~. 
Oror><n. (~/ 
• 2-4 p.m.-~ .... __ ... 
- SUppoot!110 .,..,lror .. ne<1l 10< IIIscu .... poooIem. 
releted 10_ end ",bOtonu abu ... ~ OlIn 
Munoz. SJ4.1S79. R_ COl. Proo. 0If. No fee . 
• 2 :30 p.m. - Portfolio Preparation WooIIohoI> -
Three concunenl worksho9S In prapenrc pOtt1oIlOo In 
-one. vIOoo. ano araphlc lOtS. A mull for \110M 
entennc v.. WECAN orocram. c ... _ SeMcfl CerUr. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - II .. no..,y _, - A .afe 
atmosphere for members to de,l With lssuu of 
personet l",..ricance. 1003GH. no fee. Leader. Dan 
Be_. 534-1725. 
• ~ p.m. - Cem __ k '- - Infoomlll 
,roup f .. Afncao.Amerlc .. students. Leader. Phil 
Fj8p/1Hl. 534-0252. Mounta", VIew Lou", •• no f ... 
• 1.2· 1 p.m.-t..nbIoin co,bIoo .... _r-'InC 
With Chel,. 00 ~ have a QUeStion aIlout your 
se.uahtY? 00 you nee<! an unlle,.,anoll18 person to 
talk t07 OrOP .. .. IeI'I lalk. Located In IN peer 
counselln& offIce (near Mac'. Piece & Llbf'arylOU'Ce 
in Pnc;e Cntr.1 Call 534-3981 for details. ( .... i./y) 

CLUBS & MEETINGS 
Mandlf)'. Feb. 8 

. 5 p .m. - 5tudoot Environllltnt81 Actlon CoalItIon 
_tin, - Get lnIIOIve<l 1ft EIIM Oay. recycling. .... 
I!OY1rorvnental new5paper and much more. OffIce 
208 SIUdent Center. dorectly above Soft Reserves. 
Eveoyone IS weICOmel I ~eeAM 
. 7 p.m.-LGBA8usln __ .co- GetllWOlve<l 
With LGBA you 'lI make fnelldS encI have a great ume 
help'"" out. Make It )'OUr bUSiness! MeetJrcs are at 
theWRC.t .... ·M 

Tl.Jttsday. FItb.9 
. 12 p.m.-AAMeetln,- ComerofGllmanDr, and 
RupertusWay. MMC 202. "'arga conference room . 
1"'''''·1y) 
• 5 p .m . - Nabve ""'eneon Student Alliancomet!in& 
at ReveU.Ioung • . Come "'" set ~I 
• 5-7 &l.rn . - Third Co/Ieee Transfer ... Re-Entty 
Students(TR'ESIIS haVI.,.. receptIOn. Fr .. <liN'"'' lor 
tJlOSe who ccwne to meet other Transfer Of Re-Entry 
students. ace __ Lourca. 

-sal)'. F«J. 10 
• 1·2 p.m . - Adult Child ... of Aleohola (ACA) -
12-stepgroupmee\JrC. Purposeol,roup IS to_ 
ano gIVe comton to tnlidr8(t at .lcohOIiC&. Free, 
anonymous IIIlIl conrKlen~aI . Price Centel Adlllln. 
2na floor abOve FOOd CO<l1t. IMne Room . Everyone 
welcome. 75J.2106. 1~ 
. 1-3 o.m. - _ n-. too IIn:h ID InfoomIIIIy 
diSCUSS on topes 01 today. II 5tu<IOnts ana IaaJIty are 
-..etccme 10;"". For more 11fo:C!m S58-2103.I~ 

Illustration By 
Adriano Munoz 

• 3p.m.- The ....... ~~ __ 
.-. poopIe hka)'OU. ~ -.. .... ",. 
R __ '1 oIIIce.t~ 

.4p.m.- 'I1IIIIIIC4IIoetTI ' 1111....,_ 
[lIIII) __ - DIscuu ~I. ~. 
queotlono. end ..-sllbout beIn& I tIInIt.< at r. 
inti)' .-n. (wMJ)I/ 

. ~p.m.- A1I_I __ 

_ C-_ Meed,.. Santa 8aobar1IIlos 
ArCfItIICOIYI. Poice carur. (~ 

Thutsday. Feb. 11 
. S:30 p.m. - W-'I ___ -, 
-.. ~lnasaleopen _""_ • 
Feminist dlscu •• lons. empowerment. political 
actMsm. socu.' ~. SUPl)Ol'l and eO.Ica1ion. 
Come hII'C out. leI'l .,., from HCh _ . Ok! 
Stu<llnlCenter A.. ~2023. (~ 

FIitMy. Feb. 22 
• 7:3iJ.l0 _.m . - Come 10 the 11 __ 
InaIotoot It the R_1t Commu1et tource. All ~ 
.,., .1110< NII1IIlUCk.I~ 

. 10:301 .m.-JoIn,""",~ ___ 

and halp pi.., evenu. MeotirCs It ThIod CoI_ 
Oe .. · • ...".,..,.,. """". (~ 
. 12 p.m. - AA-""- Comef 01 Gilman Dr. end 
RlJptf\U.W8)I.MMC202.1n ..... ~ICOIYI. 
(~ 
• 2:30 p.m. - ___ ____ 

(NASA)_ ~on F~ It tile Gto<4. CGme 
and&tl_II~ 

SoI>cMy. Feb. 14 
• 6:30p.m. - A1pho1 PhI Omeca - UC5O', only coed 
_ frate""!)' IMeII al MMC 1111. lnoer Price 
Cenlerl. Corne end meet _ stu<lentl ~1<e)'CU0S&II. 
who like to h_ fun willie helpo.,. ~I _ end 
com.....-.i1)'. Ellel)Oneis_ endencoura&ed to 
come. lwNIcI)1 

EVENTS & R ECREATION 
Mot>O.".s.runl6l' 

• 10 I .m.· 4 p.m. - 'VII .... An:_: The 
SIN 01 tile Alt· - An Ixhibition of recent works by 
a dozen contemporary VIennese archltects to be on 
"'splay al the UCSD School 01 ArchItectur. &Blteoy. 
BuII<linC 409. UnlW"ity Center. Feo 1·20. 

_r-700rsd"" 
• 9 p.m.·2 a.m. - New lat. nlCM colloe _ on 
campus. ·Caf. o.anaat tneChe.· MOII-T,,"rs .. Gooo 
muSIC. Yummy baked goods. Speclatty coffees 1-
teal. ()pen mlk . ... l ...... kM 

T Uflsdly-$arutaay 
. 10 l .m. · 5 p .m . 110 l .m .·2p .m . Saturll.,)-
The wOfks of 16 Vietnamese-Amellca" artists 
w i ll be shown In "Ne. Territory : The 
YIIt.,m ... Aftl.,. ProJ.ct 8.,I.s· at the 
Grov. Gallery . 

Toosd/ly'Sunc1ay 
• 12·5 p.m. - Thr .. California a,,'sts win IIlsplay 
their work In at'! elhibition titled ~Conc.ptu" 
5cooI9t1oN: -J and Soul· at the Man<levolle Gallery 
thrOuan Marcn 7. ""work d isplays "diverse 
aoproachH. de.,anea to eltelt ps)'Choklttcai and 
physlCll reactIOnS foom the _r.· 

_y. Fe!>. 8 
• 10 a.m. - 'Short Short F'H:tlon: A reedlroc and a 
snoot snoot talk' by St ... ;(aU - Katz IS a Widely 
published WIller 0' meteficttOn who h8s influenced 8 
,",,",ation of comic and saurlcal wnlers . 3455 
Literature Bldg. Free. 

Wed1escIIl)'. Feb. 10 
• 8-10:30 I.m. - W_n COIle,. Commuter 
8NMt.et - Here is )'OUr chance to meet felkJIN 
commuter students and discuss commuter IS$lIes. 
5econc:l floor Literature Buiknns confefence room . AU 
you con eat! Only 50411_1)) 

CALENDAR 10 

• e l .m.·l:30 p.m. - Pe_ CorDIll UC50 - Flnd 
out '- )'OUt ..... In II/ICuIIura .... _. _. 
sclano::e. TU\. end _.,....,.,,...tofy ~ lor 
""*'"" In Pe_ CotoI. ~ wi" be on 
c.npus II • In/of!Ndon _ liN _ cantef . 
. 12 p.m. - ..-........... -eom. out and HI 
tunch With LG8A. 1Irio'C)'OUt -. Iood. 1-"" 
• 2-4 p.m. - _ 10 Peece CotoI - ~ 
MITIIna<IIC_s..-c.m.r.ConIerancttOOm. 
• • p.m. - _1nCII.,. Oence ThHtra - The hW>IIlCd __ wiUperloom __ 
Amerlc.., dance and music .t the Mancie'A11e 
AudItonum. IncIuOH aances from mroy,.....,.. 
IndudirC ce<emont.I and ... _ dances. spontu81 
and scco81 denceloIIenrcwode lrodMcIual"",,-. 
SI.8/ $2O.....,.. aamtSllon: $14/Sle _ It 
PrIce c.- Boa 0fIIce or T1cI<eIMMtef. 

1l1utfdIr. F«J. 11 
• 9 l .m.·l:30 p.m. - "-- CorDI ot UC50 - Find 
out '- )'OUt _I In lICIicuItura . ... _. moth. 
sctence. TU\. and slUtlOcl .,... .,., quaHfy ~ tor 
""",_In Pe_ Corps. R_ta_ WIll be on 
cam",," II • Info<maIIon _ lillie Price cantef • 
• 2-4 p.m. - o.e.w .. 0pp0nunItle0 far EclqtiOn 
and Science Majora- Sc>adaI Pe_CotoI Seminar. 
C.,..r SeMces center. Cc>n'- Room. 
.e p.m . -AI,.., .... Thursdey nwu.1U_tor 
$2. Sc>ons«od b)' tho UC50 CIIhoIIc Communi\)'. 
Come 10 \fie UOWers!\y L __ cnun:n across from 
IIIe A_lie compus. C~ 
. 8 p.m . - Clorenee _111 and tile Bllnll Boys 01 
_. - These _ ,_ 01_ 

",opel music Will perfoom a wide rree of..".. from 
the gospel genre. Inclu<lin(l the a capella harmontes 
of ·JubdH s inlinl.· to the modern 'unk-belt 
intelP'lltatJon 01 ",spot oound. Man<leWIe Au<Ii_. 
$10/ $12 genenot allmlSSiorl! S6/$8 stuoents It 
UCSO PriCe Center Boll OffICe or TlCketMasler . 
. 10 p.m . - Poetry NIIM 8t c:... _ at the Chi!. 
BrI",)'CUr own writ ...... listen to 0"",," .. ClO Dem. 
1 ...... 10.)1 

FIitMy. FlO. 12 
• 8 p.m. - -CINocut' - A CInOI1latJc story about a 
NotNe AmencIn response to tile \lestNction 01 the 
forasts and OIM""'""'"'- Based on me book b)' M.T. 
1\eIIty. 'A Oreom ll<e Mne.· MIIi1deYIIie Auditorium. 

S5.~ aene<* aIIm_: $4 I~ II PrIce c..-
Box 0Ifice. 

5<Jndll)'. Fe!>. 14 
. 3 p.m. - Two _ lOUIS of tile IJC$O __ ore 
offered tho. tall b)' the UCSO V,Sltors Program. The bus 
touos are me first and !hold SundIl)'s 01 eoch montI1 from 
IN Gotm.,. Informauon P..,loon. The walkIrC tou ....... 
on alternate Sundays from the Gilman IntoomatJon 
PIMI ..... ReservatIOnS: call 534-4414. (~ 

R ELIGIOUS SERV[CES 
WedMsday. Feb. 10 

. 6 p.m. -Student supper IS served. Snrlill friend. 
Sponsore<f b)'Lutheran Campus MIniStry. open to all. 
UnlYlrslty Lutneran cnurcn (across tne str .. t from 
Revelle CoIleCe). 
• 7 p.m. - ·S_ ovt-- Bible study ted b)' 
students 01 the Lutheoan Communlly at UCSO. Open 
to all. Un_sIt\' Lutheran Church IAcross the ,tr ... t 
from Revelle CoIIeCI). 

Foo.y. Feb. 12 
• 12 p.m. - I_Ie F'rIcI8, Prayer in the Price 
Contel. For more Info. ctll YuSUf 11450-4681. (_Iyl 
n 7 p.m. - NIIVI&Btors "rIcI8, NIIM u .. - P.C. Cove. 
Speaker: Don Allen. 

&oo.y. FlO. 14 
• 10:1~ a.m. - A Valentines Ooy ,"iter folk mess 
f.atures student musicians. Open to atl . LJnoversity 
LuthaoanChJn:hlacross thestree! from ReVl!SeCOlteeo>). 

Monday . F bnllll'~ 8. 1993 TIU' C 0 Guardian 

Tennis Drops Tourney 
By Art Root 
ASsociate Spans EdItor 

The1...CSDmen\tennisteamwasn't 
expected to win. or even be very om-
petitive. in last weekend' San Dieg 
IntercollegIate Tournament. Whilt! 
UCSD dill indeed lose in the overall 
team competiti n. the Tritons surprised 
their detractor.; with several oUlStand-
Ingperformanccsin inglesand doubl 
play against Division I competition. 

UCSD's best performance was de-
livered by the doubl team of Jeff 
Bethard and John Cross. Cross and 
Bethard defeated doubles teams from 

DiviSion I powers an Diego tate and 
Bngham Young before fallingto SD's 
Mark Huarre and Tim Truenba h in 
semifmal:, play. 64. 64. UCSD Head 
Ccx h Tim Ditzler was impl'eS-<>ed. 

"1 he fact that [Bethard and Cross] 
did so well against DiviSion I doubl~ 

teal1t~ how. you that the~ are tough. 
Bethard and Cro 'howed the}'re a 
team to be reckoned with." Ditzler aid. 

In the 34 single! bra keto UCSD's 
em YameUadvancedtothethirdround 

before losing in Straight set to eventual 
ingle harnpion Philippe Hoffman of 

USD. 

[.11 the 1-2 bracket. Bethard was a 
\traight·sct loser in the opening muno. 

RounLling out singles play. sopho-
more Robert Ho lost hi, pening-round 
mat h but fared well III the onsolation 
bra keto destroymg UC Rlverside'~ 
Mike Mell. 6-(), 6-1. 

Ditzler was ple<l'>OO with UCSD\ 
effort ag:unst top-f1igh! 'ompemion. 
"Going into the toum,unent. we \\ere 
probably one of the lower-mnked teall1, • 
so going against tearns like USc. 
Pepperdine and BYU is quile a chal-
tenge. yet we played very competitive 
matches; we held our own." he said. 

Women Fencers Remain Perfect 
By Greg Wrenn 
Spans Editor 

against UC Santa Cruz. 7-9 and Stan· 
ford. 3-13. 

The UCSD women 's fencing team 
remained undefeated with a 3-2 record 
at a ix-way meet this weekend in Pasa-
dena. 

Two Tritons in panicular turned in 
out tanding perfonnances. Moriah 
McCauley went 17-3 while teammate 
Justine Cogan recorded a 14-4 record 
over the weekend.. 

The men's squeaked out their only win 
came at the expense of Fullerton. 14-13. 
They fell to Long Beach. -19. Santa 
Cruz, 11-16. Stanford, 8-19 and Cal 
Tech 13-4. 

The top Tritons included Gabe 
Lawson and Craig Bardsley. both of 
whom went8-7 in the toumarnent. Doug 
Saqui was 6-8 against the competition. 

The Tritons took care of Cal State 
Long Beach, 12-4. Cal State Fullerton, 
I3-3Ca1Tech,13-2.UCSDlostmatches 

The UCSD men weren 't quite as 
successful as their female teammates. 

You can influence a world of 
cutting edge technology, 
just by working on ours. 

.. 

By applying your technical skills to our silicon soiu)ians. 
you can influence on enlire generation of producls. 
worldwide. We hove oppartunilies spanning Ihree 

strategic markels: ~, including high fidelity personal 
oudio and video products, medical diagnoslic equipmenl, and 

aUlomotive systems; Communicolions like nelwOrk manogement, 
wireless systems, and dala hubs; ond Persoool Systems, encom-
passing portable and bollery opelaled Pes, peripherals ond 
personal informalion devices. 

We are now recruiting UC Son Diego individuols wilh a BS/ MSEE 
in the follOWing engineering OleoS, wilh 0 speciol focus on 

individuols wi)h on analog interest: 

De5ign • Application5 • Product· Teat 

We will be on campus soon 10 discuss in more 
detail haw you can inRuence the world at 

National Semicondudor. 

INFORMAnON SESSION 
Thursday, February 11th 

7:00 - 9:00 PM 
Price Center 

Davis/Riverside Room 

II unable 10 allend our )nfarmalion Session, you can call 
1·800876-GRAD, Of write : Nalionol Semiconductor, University 
Relofions and Recruiting . MI S 14·145. 2900 Semiconductor 

- Drive, P.O. Box 58090. Sonia Clora. CA 95052·8090. We are 
an equal opportunity employel . 

Sanlo Ctara. CA • Soulh Porf)ond . ME • Arling)on . TX • Solllote City. UT 

MULLIG • • 
Golf with under-
gannents out ide 
Continued from page :1.6 
somebody else' brJ·. Wouldsheha\t! 
tuken it then') What kmd of club t 

use~ A sand wedge or maybe the 
~even Iron'? And wh} w;c, she .... ear-
ing her bra on the outside? 

And what\thedeal withallofthi, 
raming and ravmg about the way the 
greens break') I understand the con-
cept that different green, have a par-
t icular character and behave in differ-
em wa s. Heck. I have the ~ame prob-
lem with the astro-turf on the minia-
ture golf courses. M pUlling game 
goes straight to hell when they switch 
from the green stufftothat blue carpet 
on the last couple of holes. 

Golfers are also very temperamen-
tal. If you are incol1sidemte enough to 
breathe while somebody is driving, 
or. God forbid. blink while your part-
ner is putting, you will hear about it. 
At Pebble Beach last year. Bill Murray 
was looking out at the ocean and said, 
"'That sure is a 101 of waler. And that' 
ju t the top of it." 

SPOHT ' 11 

That" la si BiIlMurmy.aknee-
slapper. nodoubl. But apparently orne 
golfer.. didn't appreciate Il- said it 
\Va.' dl~tra<:ling. I'll te ll vou what '~ 
distractmg - twO guys having sword 

tight~ wnh theIr club,. a gIrl in a 
halter-top clnd mtnl,)..tn \\ ,lItlllg off to 
the Ide ,lI1d a fflcnd aUempllllg 10 do 
the MurrJ) "Caddy~ha 'k" groUl.cis 
keeperbn- II whIle you 're trytng to 
to beat thJt wIndmill. 

You 'd klVe to beat that \\ mdmlll 
becau~e that windmill" alway~ there 
and IS always splllning. ~plllnlllg.~pin­
ning. You ~ee that .,pmning In your 
dreams, hear that whirring and 
whishing as it keep., splllning. laugh-
ing at you 3., you line up for your ixth 
lry to gel it past tho 'e blades. Just thiS 
once, you'd love to get it past the 
windmill and not hear that "thunk !" 
as the lillie blue ball hit~ one of tho e 
blades and comes rolling bac).. ~ you 
quickly figure out how many assault 
rifles you could tit in under your 
credit limit. Not that 1' 111 that familiar 
with miniature golf or anything. 

If you can deal with that. and I'm 
sure Coach Wydra would agree. you 
can deal with any flatulent gallery 
observer. 

Dr. Se'.y O.D. 
• • VISIOnCare 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UNIV_ CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 (behind Cart·s Jr.) 

578-6796 
------T------i------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL : Dall, W;8gmPlete : COMBO SET : 

INCLUDES I oc Science I $35.00 OFF I 
• Eye exam Ext,HeII'" eoa.let, I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
• Fashion frames 
• Precision ground 

tenses S.V. 
I I combo. Choose from I B&L04 I Disposables I a large selection of I $139 frames and lenses 

I $9900 I i~7:& I I 
I I e~~~~;n';!~~~~p I $3500 I 
I I care ' Cara kit · Near s ighted I OFF I L_COMPL~~ _l=~~~~:~~~~~ ______ ~ 

All 92's on SALE! 
~FUdl & RALEIGH 

15 % 0 FF limited Stock so donlt hesitate 
• Giro Hammerheads $59.95 
• The Cool Tool $24.95 
• Bike lights from S 1 0 

~Jb 
u 

In the Studef1t Center. 0 en 10 - 5 Mon - Fri 

• 



I . 

12 CLA SIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus No-
tary Public? If so, call 587-7911. 
(1/4-6/3) 
PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE 
PROGRAM. University of Pro-
fessional Studies. State licensed 
MFCC or PSYCHOLOGIST. 
Scholarships Available. 563-
1008. (218) 

This week is f>:I.n's "Have a Heart 
Week.· P1easecomedonate canned 
food, clothing, etc. at our Prire Center 
booth from 219 to 2111 (11 a.m. - 2 
p.m.). AU of the donations win benefit 
the Shelter for Women of Domestic 
VIOlence. (218-2111 ) 

The e 
adverti ers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ..... ......... 450·3323 
Falrmair's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ................... 488·11 34 
UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Piua ................... .455·0662 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578·7892 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Robert's .......... .............. 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR" BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer ......... 560-0325 
UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534·4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............ 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr Richard Barsan. DDS. 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558·3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolia .............. 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455·5795 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC" VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693·1 469 
Video Gallery ...... ......... 450·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457·1007 
Kinko's ................. ....... .457·3n5 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearnlng ............... 455·1 000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton ReView ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolia Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ................. ....... 587·1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270·7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1733 
Name of the Game (Com,ca) 274·GAME 
SI. Germain's ............... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Februar 8,1993 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Horses for 1/2 lease in Del Mar. 
Intermediate rider only. English 
or western. Call Catherine 454-
6673. (2/8) 

WORD PROCESSING Fast & 
accurate. Most jobs $2.00 per 
page. Laser printer. 695·0231 
(Mira Mesa area) . (218·2111) Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 

students (jor personal use only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1he 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right t o refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more infonnation 
call534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Atm: Classifieds, 9500 GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, fopfioor. 

Typing/Word ProcessinglTutor. 
Experienced Writer/Editor. la-
ser Printer. "Emergency· service 
available. Call anytime 284-
6677. (218-2118) 

RT Air - Hotel - Transfers: Las 
Vegas PKG - $105pp; Hawaii 
PKG - $429pp; Puerto Vallarta 
PKG - $395pp; San Francisco 
PKG - $233pp; Cancun PKG -
$424pp ; San Felipe PKG -
$100pp. 476-0930. (218) 

Fifth College Seniors !!! Apply 
now for Fifth College Senator! 
Applications at Dean's office -
Due 218/93. (211-218) 
The Student Center now has re-
cycling bins in its parking lot. 
Bins for cardboard , clear and 
colored glass, aluminum, news-
papers, white paper, magazines, 
and phone books. It is very im-
portant to prevent contamina-
tion in these bins, so please make 
sure that only the proper waste 
is deposited! Thank you for your 
cooperation . (214-2116) 

Want to work with kids? Come to 
A.SK (Active Students for Kids) 
info nite Feb. 17, 7 p.m., Price 
Center Cove. For more info call 
Volunteer Connection 534-1414. 
(214-2116) 
S.EAC. and NAKED EARTH 
PRODUCTIONS presents : 
ECO-GROOVE AT THE PUB 
with ECODISC recording artists 
NAKED EARTH. Saturday Feb-
ruary 20th at 8 p.m. Tickets are 
$3, available at the UCSD Box 
Office. (2/8-2/18) 

BUSHGATE: from the insiders. 
Not printed in the LA Times, not 
in the Washington Post. Hear 
Daniel Sheenan, attorney who 
won the Karen Silkwood case . 
Torrey Pines Inn. Coming March 
12. Keep watching. (218-2111 ) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIP. Gain marketing, sales, 
customer service, production, 
accounting with the longest proven 
track record. We guarantee $2,500 
in compensation with vast 
opportunity for more. Call Student 
Wor1<.s Painting (formerly Student 
Painters).1-800-394-6000.Umited 
positions available. (1 /4-218) 

EARN $500-$1,000 weekly 
stuffing envelopes. for details -
RUSH$1 withSASEto:GROUP 

FIVE, 57 Greentree Drive, Suite 
307, Dover, DE 19901 . (1/4-2/ 
16) 

SU MMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERN-SHIPS . Most 
positions filled by Feb. Gain 
val . exp o managing 6-8 
employees, customers , and 
suppliers . Avg . earnings 6-
16,000+ . Call " University 
Pa inting Pros. " Info/ appl. 
CALL 800-525 -5877. (1/7-3/ 
29) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA 
INCOME NOW! ENVELOPE 
STUFFING - $600 - $800 
every week - Free Details : 
SASE to International Inc . 
1356 Coney Island Ave . 
Brooklyn , New York 11230. 
(1/7-2/ 18) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING 
- Earn $2,000+/month + world 
travel (Hawaii, Mexico , the 
Caribbean , etc .) Holiday , 
summer and career 
employment available . No 
experience necessary . For 
employment program call 1-
206·634-0468 ext. C5976. (1/ 
25·211 1 ) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1 ,000 
AN HOURI Each member of 
your frat , sorority, team , club , 
etc. pitches in just one hour 
and your group can rai se 
$1.000 in just a few days ! 
Plus a chance to earn $1,000 
for yourselfl No cost. No 
obligation . 1-800-932-0528, 
ext. 65. (1/21-2/1 8) 

BEING-FIT IS HIRING 
experienced aerobic teachers. 
All hours available. Call 483-
9294. (1/28-218) 
SUMMER Jobs at Camp 
TawonganearYosemite. Variety 
of jobs , nice people, Jewish 
Community Camp. On campus 
2116/93 interviewing. Call 543-
4500. (211-218) 
Wanted : Umpires for La Jolla 
Little League . Good pay, 
outdoors , relatively easy. 
Starts spring quarter. For 
more info , call Bryan , 491-
2768. (2/1-2/18 ) 

MeAT and Medical School 
Information Seminar 

Freshman. Sophomore. Junior? l1Jis seminar provides the essentials YOU 
need to uccessfully enter medical school! 
Practical infonmation and material will help yoo with: 

• Admis ions Process • Interviewing Skills 
• AMCAS Application • MCAT Preparation 
Included: Full Mock MeAT, wllh Derailed Analysis 

February 13 & 14, 1993,8 a.m.·S p.m. February 10 &< 11, 1993. 8 •. m.·S p.m. 
Pacinr Christian Col~t Ottldmtal CoIlqe 
2500 E. Nutwood Annue 1600 CampU! Rd., Johruon Hall 

Fullenon, CA Los AIIIfIes, CA 

$140,00 pre-registration • $160.00 at the door 
MeA I\. T 

Medical Careers Advancement And Training 

4500 Campus Drive • Suite 225 • Newport Besch • CA 92600 
'--____ (714)476-3027 • FAX (714)476-8286 ____ ---' 

Great summer opp. Jewish co-
ed residential camp seeks 
counselors and specialists. 
Capital Camps, located in the 
beautiful Catoctin Mountains, 
one hour from Washington , D.C. 
offers tennis, water sports , 
nature, art.::;, video, gymnastics, 
radio, drama, Photo. , etc. If you 
are interested in the challenges 
and excitement of working with 
campers in grades 3-1 0, wewant 
you on our team. Good salaries, 
greatfun lOur director will be on 
campus on Feb. 12. For more 
information and an appointment, 
call 1-800-229-7852. (214-218) 

Eamcashsluffingenvelopesath:>me. 
Send SASE to P.O. Box 9643 
Sprirgfield, MO 65001. (214-2116) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus No-
tary Public? If so, call 587-7911 . 
(1/4-6/3) 

Macintosh text & graphics scan-
ning. On campus and affordable. 
Call Mike 622-1147. (1/14-3/11) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452-9949. (1/19-6/3) 
Need typing/word processing 
done? Will do any size job, any 
type of job. I will also do editing if 
needed or wanted . Call Carol 
481-6364 evenings. (1/19-3/11) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JETI Eu-
rope -$249. Hawail- $129. New 
York - $129. Get your program 
description. AIRHITCH (r) 800-
397-1098. (1/25-2118) 
LA JOLLA TAN - Attention 
UCSD Students!! La Jolla Tan 
is 1 mile from UCSD in the 
Rena iss ance Ctr . near 
Rubios Fish Tacos. GRAND 
OPENING SPECIAL - 2 
PEOPLE TAN FOR THE 
PRICE ON 11 See our ad in 
this issue or call 622-1 122 . 
Tha's LA JOLLA TAN. (2 /1-21 
16) 

MOBILE DJ's - More bang for 
your buck - KSDT's Party Pack. 
Call 534-DOPE (3673). (2/8-21 
18) 

WANTED 
PAID sperm donors sought for 
infertile caucasian couple. Must 
be in excellent health . 
Confidential. 528-4020. (211-21 
18) 

Wanted, Drummer + Guitarist 
for open-minded alternative 
band. Influences from Velvet 
Underground to Grateful Dead. 
My Bloody Valentine to Janes 
Addiction. Free surprize in every 
box ! Call Alex 457-7506. (2/4-21 
8) 
I need (desire, wan!..) to 
interview TEACH FOR 
AMERICA applicants. Free 
meal with interview. 453-9915. 
(2/4-2/8) 

Seeking TM meditators to form 
student organ ization on campus. 
Call Michael at 278-1314, leave 
message. (2/8-2122) 

SEMI-NUDE model (female) 
needed forvis . arts video project. 
$1 O/HR. Come by Media Center 
+ Communications Bldg. 140 on 
Friday, Feb. 12, between 11-
11 :30 a.m. Will shoot same day. 
(218-2111 ) 

Female models big-boned 
athletic for unique photolvideo 
work. No nudes. Have you ever 
felt uncomfortable with your size 
or muscles? $15/hr. John 753-
8941 . (2/8) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4 
wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, 
IRS, DEA. Available your area 
now. Call 1·800·436-4363 ext. 
C-7556. (1/19-2111) 

NAIL SPEC ALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 

Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 
FIlii 512 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 

F1bergl ... NlHI with TIp' 521.99 Reg. $45 
Mlnlc:unla Pedicures 515.95 

WlXlng Starting It 53 
MMicureI $6 • FIICiIII $25 Reg. $35 

11111 AND WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
No! VIIid ..." ".,., _ OlIn Exp/feo 212m3 

Monday, February 8 , 1993 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. 
Computer homework at home! 
$157. Plug in and go. 554·0414. 
(2/1-3/11 ) 
Black Lightning Rollerblades, 8 
1/2 men (9-10 womens) with 
wristguards , good condition. 
$120 o.b.o. Liz 625-0954. (211-
2/8) 

Must sell. Queen size bed good 
condition. $125. 453-1358. 
Iv. meso (2/4-2/11) 

1970 Volks. sqrbk automatic ex-
cellent condo Rebuilt 50,000, 
baby blue. 273-8059. (2/4-2111) 

Guitar! Acoustic steel string. Perfect 
oondition. In box. $95. Electric tele-
caster, hurrbuckers, tremolo. $140. 
586-7928. (214-2111) 

AUDI '81 Coupe, 5 speed, Air, 
Power, low miles, Looks/Runs 
Great. $2,600. 450-1177/587-
1145. (214-218) 

LSAT Study materials, including 
past tests, Princeton Review 
manuals. more. $40 o.b.o. Jeff 
(619) 597-0632. (214-2116) 

'85 Pontiac 6000, Casso stereo, 
Needs some transmission work 
and minor body work. Must sell 
now, $750/0.b.o. 558-9038. Ask 
for Guy or leave a message and 
#. (218-2111) 

Black Desk $40, Single Bed $60, 
Dresser $25, Bookshelf $15, 
Floor Lamp $15. Jim 792-0106. 
(2/8) 

LADIES size 7 Dolomite Ski 
Boots. Worn once (not my size) . 
Best offer. 755-7653. (218-2111) 

14K Diamond ring 3.3 carats with 
parure,appraised$11,200, sac-
rifice $6,000. Call 454-2089. (21 
8-2/18) 
TENOR Trombone for sale . 
Conn Director, Conn Lined Case, 
Mint Condition. Call 454-2089. 
$450.00. (218-2116) 

Skis Dynastar Course SL 200cm 
never used, unmounted, retail 
$475. Sacrifice $200 (firm). Mike 
693·0210. (2/8) 

Cannondale Racing Bike 54cm, 
Cirterium Frame, Suntour 
Accushift, Great Condition. $250. 
Rob 942-5107. (218-2111) 
Stairstepper, near new, hand 
rails, $60.00, can deliver. 454-
3469. Leave message. (218) 

-

KENWOOD Pullout Stereo. 2 
yrs. old. Good Condition, $250/ 
o.b.o., receipt included. Call 455· 
6914. (218-2111) 
Cheap! Brand new Sony Discman 
forsale. Only$99.00. Call Crystal at 
625-0495. (218·2111 ) 
ROAD BIKE, Cannondale 56cm, 
14spd road bike. 1 05 groupo ex-
cept hubs (New Ultegra) + BB 
(UN-71 cartridge) . Includes al-
most new Mavic MA-40 32 hole. 
$350.00. Also: Parts for sale. 
558-1821 . (218-2111) 

MTB: Nishiki, 19", 21 spd, XT 
shifterslbrake levers. New OX 
calipers . ScottAT3 curved bars. 
NEW Smokes. NEW pedals. 3 
mo.old ROCKSHOX21 w/Boots. 
$450.00. 558·1821 . (218-2/11) 

MOPED, Puch-DamJer, 2hp only 
1 OCOmwitharo:lSSOries,$225. RoIei 
35 Camera. $175. 755-9078. (218) 

Brand New Rossignol 7G Rac-
ingskis. 201cm. Only $225. Call 
Michelle 625-0965. (218-2111) 

HOUSING 
Own room. $250/month . In 
Claire mont. Big living room and 
fireplace. 1/4 utilities. Call Karen 
541-2073. (1/14-2116) 

Single room w/1/2 bath. La Jolla 
Blvd., 2 blocks from Wind & Sea 
Beach, ocean view, $350/mo nth, 
laundry, cable. A .S.A.P. 551-
0036. (1/28-218) 
Shareoondo. Own roorrvbath. Pool, 
spa. washer/dryer, fireplace, garage. 
Nonsmoker. Carlsbad. $400. 434-
9483 (1128-218) 

Roommate wanted - share 3-br. 
apartment. Non·smoker. Washer/ 
dryer. 1.5 mlescampus.$275. Avail 
311 .450-4628. (1/28-2111) 

Roommate wanted $341 .50/ 
month + 1/3 utilities. Male/fe-
male. "Hat-nin Pacific Beach." 
Adriano 270·8592. (211·2125) 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPACIOUS Kearny Mesa house 
needs roommate. Pool, fireplace, 
month-to-month lease . $340. 
Call 627-0747. (211-218) 

Room to rent UCSD area. $575/ 
month. Penthouse apt. with own 
bathroom. Big living space with 
fireplace, vaulted ceilings. Will-
ing to have two roommates share 
room. Available ASAP. Call 546-
3989. (2/4-2111) 

LAJOLLAIWINDANSEA Room-
mate Share 3 Br. House. Own 
Room, Own Bath, + Entrance. 
$375/mo., 1/3 utils. 459-7548. 
(218) 

FEMALE roommate wanted 
rent Room in University City 
home . Own Room . Share 
bath. Laundry . 12 minutes to 
campus . No pets . Non 
smoker . Nice , must see . 
$350/month includes utilities . 
566-4841 . (2/8) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Gold bracelet with dan-
gling ball charm. Very SENTI-
MENTAL. If found , please call. 
Karen 622-1 098. (218-2111) 

Notebook left at the Guardian 
office by a political science stu-
dent. It belongs to someone who 
works at KDST on campus . 
Cindy at the station has it. Or. 
call 534-3466 at the Guardian . 
(218-2116) 

PERSONALS 
CONGRATULATIONS Chris. 
You made my prophecy come 
true-worst chair in the history 
of the board. (2/8) 

Order of Omega MEETING! Feb. 
10th. Please plan to attend! 
Questions call Anne, 587-1713. 
(218) 
Order of Omega RUSH! Lead-
ers within Greek system contact 
chapter presidents! (218-2111) 

ANXIOUS? 
- Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 

- Fear of Being Judged? - Avoid Socializing? 
- Sweating? - Persistent Worries? 

FREE CLINICAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAILABLE 

CAll 534-0776 

Last chance! You can still p ace your Valentine Personals by 
fmding the aerodynamic Guardian "Heart Can"! We will be 
parked somewhere near the Price Center at noon on .. . 

CLA IFIEDS]3 

-----------

COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

2 for 1 
ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS 

This coupon nol valid wilh any orher offer. Exp. 2/28/93 

STORE HOURS 

I 
• 

M-Th 6:30 am· 1 0 pm; F-Sat. 7 am-11 pm; Sun. 7:30 am·9 pm 
LIVE MUSIC 
~ Fri. & Sat. 8-10 pm 

8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 110 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 

~-----------------------
Yes, domm~ ~I true. By populor demand we will accept your 
Volentine Personals untillpm on Wednesday. 

~ you see our Guardian Coif porked near the Price Center at lunchrime on 
Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, you can write ~ on the spot, or just come 
up to our officel P.5, N you've been meekishly eyei"9 that Itxy someone in 
lecture, don' forget to check Thursday's Volentine Personals, h could happen. 

-

~ YI' 
Chi Omega 
Congratulates 

Beta Class Initiates 
Beck)' Albert 
Cherlyn Cac 
KayDu 
Danielle 
Hattie Eick 
Becky Endrq n 

, . 

Laura Fioresi 
Tonya Hall 
Hellen Hong 
Melissa Jacobs 

Paula Jorge 
nnifer Kremser 

Kristine Miu 
ie Norum 

Mel.1SSa Shenfield 
Janice Sindoni 
Melissa Smith 

Kathy Witmeyer 
Corinna Young 

Our signature beer 
on tap; available P.!!!!!!!!!!~ 

MONDAY, TUESDAYS2, AND EV:N WEDNESDAY!! - - ' >- . j Of course, you can still drop m off at the G, These 
personals will appear before literally tens of hundreds of 
love starved Tritons F ruary 11th. Don't be proud & ... 

--

DON'TBEA 

\.1 ~ 
g; ~ 
ARTBREAKER!! 

only at Callahans. 
A Little Hard To 
Find, Really Hard 
To Leave. 
578-7892 

'. 



, , 

14 PORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday , February 8, 1993 

Men's Volleyball Misses at Tourney 
By BlaIr Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 's volleyball team 
madeashoncross-towntripthisweek-
end to play in the ASICS tournament 
at San Diego State. losing all five 
matches in which it played. 

The Tritons opened the lOuma-
ment with UeSB on Friday after-
noon. the team ' second match against 
the Gauchos in three days. UCSB 
outslugged UeSD in three straight 
games. IS-12, IS-12. IS-6. 

The Tritons' second match on Fri-

day was against the Matadors of Cal 
State Northridge. 

The Tritons were unprepared for 
this duel, as eSUN de troyed UCSD 
in three game , IS-I . 15-3, IS-IO. 

On Saturday. the Tritons had an-
other tough two-match day sched-
uled. Their first opponent was Indi -
ana-Purdue University. Fon Wayne. 

UCSD continued to play trong 
volleyball. but cou ld not put enough 
points on the board to win games. 
Thu . IPFW defeated the Tritons. 
15-4.15-9, IS-9. 

Jason Rltchle/ GlI8o'dIan 
Trlcla Stilwell had 35 points In UCSD's effort against Cal BaptIst. 

Next up on the bu y Triton sched-
ule was the University of Hawaii. The 
Rainbows were the number-one seed 
from the other pool of team compet-
ing in the toumament. 

UeSD responded with perhaps its 
best match of the weekend, despi te 
losing in three games, 15-4, 15-9, 
IS-1O. 

UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde 
was impressed with hi team 'splayin 
the Hawaii match. " It was the best 
match we put together all season long. 
We played real well and managed to 

tay with them," the coach said, 
The final contest for the Triton 

was a rematch against lPFW on Sun-
day morning. This time, UCSD played 
Lronger and scored more points, but 

the result was the same, The Tritons 
fell, IS-ti, IS-IO, IS-12. 

Overall, Wilde was pleased with 
his team 's play on the weekend. 

"It was a good tournament for u . 
We went out and proved that we can 
play with other teams. We played at a 
much higher level than we had at the 
beginning of the season," he said 

Dan McOowetI/Guanfan 
Matt Brt&ham (9) tries a spike. 

UCSD Gains Weekend Split 
w HOOP: Stilwell scores 35 in Friday loss to Cal Baptist; Tritons top Redlands Saturday 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

Friday night was officially billed as 
"SpiritNight,"butthenight belonged to 
UCSD' TriciaStilwel1. Stilwell scored 
acareer-high 3S points and made a club-
record nine three-point baskets as the 

Tritons fell to 
Cal Baptist. 76-
67. 

" I wasn't 
thinking about 
the shot," 
Stilwell said 
when asked 
about her tre-
mendous three-
point shooting "I 
didn ' t have a 
good game 
againstthem last 

year; I had to redeem myself." 
Stilwell earned much more than re-

demption: she eallied the Triton of-
fense. making 12 of 22 hots from the 
field. including a blazing 64 percent (9 
of 14) from beyondthe three·point stripe. 
While Stilwell sizzled, the rest of the 
Tritons fizzled , making only II of 4S 
shots, a pailI)' 24 percent 

Both teams came out running and 

gunning. After a quick Cal Baptist bas-
ket, the 5-6 Stilwell tied the score at 2-
2, hitting an 18-footjumper 25 seconds 
into the game. Less than two minutes 
later, Stilwell connected on her first 
three-point attempt,giving the Tritons a 
6 -4 lead. 

Cal Baptist, paced by sophomore 
guard Demetria Dixon's II first-half 
points, went on a 22-12 run, giving the 
Lady Lancersa31-201ead with 9:24 left 
in the r IfSI half. The lightning -<tu ick 
Dixon was regularly beating the Triton 
defense, either driving for a layup or 
dishing to wide-open jump shooters. 
J US! when it seemed that the game was 
becoming a rout, Stilwell went on a 
scoring rampage that was simply 
Jordanesque. 

The senior guard lit up the Lady 
Lancers, scoring 17 points in the fmal 
nine minutes of the flfSl half. Over a 
four-minute stretch, Stilwell buried five 
three-point hot. With 45 seconds re-
maining in the half, Stilwell made her 
seventh three-pointer of the contest, 
giving her 25 points in less than 20 
minutes of play. StilweU's long-range 
bombs gave UCSD the momentum as 
the Tritons trailed by only two points at 
the intermission, 41-39. 

The Stilwell hooting clinic didn't 
stop there. Twenty-eight seconds into 
the second half, Stilwell's eighth three-
pointer gave the Tritons a 4241 lead. 

The lead was shon·lived, however, 
as Cal Baptist began keying on Stilwell. 
UCSD couldn't respond to the Lady 
Lancers' box·and-one defense, shoot-
ing a dismal 28 percent in the second 
half. 

"We had trouble getting the 0011 into 
the ~" UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone said about the Tritons' offen-
sivewoes. "When we got the ball inside, 
our posts were cold; they just couldn't 
knock the shots down." 

UCSD (II -II ) snapped their two-
game losing streak with a S9-54 road 
victoryoverRedlandsonSaturday night 
The Tritons led by as many as 19 points 
and urvived a late Redlands charge."In 
the first half, we played some of our best 
basketball of the year," Malone said. 
UCSD's 47 percent first-half shooting 
was the club's best in weeks. Center 
Erica SchoU had 19 points and IS re-
bound<;, while freshman forward SUlCey 
Pa~ko had 10 points and 10 rebounds 
for the Tritons. 

Stilwell'stwo free throws late inthe 
game sealed the victory for UCSD. 

Tritons Sloppy Play Due Only Partly To Rain ' M. HOOPS 
Continued from PBI8 16 

BASfBAII • UCSD commits six errors and misses 
several offensive opportunities in 6-3 loss to CSLA 
By Jeff Praught 
Gaurdian Reporter 

Neither a break in the rains. nor the 
first start for number-one starter Ryan 
Flanagan, could get the UCSD Triton 
baseball team its first victory of the 
se.1SOn. as it los! to Cal Stale Los Ange-
les. 6-3. It wa~ a ganle of sloppy play, a 
sloppy lield and missed opportunities 
forthe young Tritons. as their record fell 
to 0-2. 

The Tritons opened the scoring with 
a run in the top of the fifth inning, but 
single runs in the fifth and sixth gave p------_ .• I Enjoy the Juiciest • 

I Burgers in Town • 

!FREE'! 
.BURGERI. 
I When you buy any burger, • 
• sandwich, or gyros with,fries, • 
I your second burger, I sandwich, or gyros (of equal 
I or lesser value) Is FREE • 
I JEFF'S BURGERS •• • • 
• 

2512 Avenida De La Playa I 
La Jolla Shores 454-8038 

• Must hove . tudent lO. Expire. 2/'12193. • 

•••••••••• 

Los Angeles the lead Flanagan. who 
had been recovering from a back injury, 
was limited to a pitch count and was 
removed from the ganle after six solid 
innings of work, trailing only 
2- 1. 

Todd Horvath came on in the sev-
enth inning for the Tritons and was 
immediately greeted with a four-run 
b.1Irolge. thanks in pan to poor fielding. 
The Tritons made something of acome-
back attempt, scoring runs in the eighth 
and ninth innings. but could nOl pull it 
out . 

Playing in between downpours. the 
UCSD defense committed six errors, 
whi h contributed to the seventh inning 

eSLA out-
burst. Offen-
sively. the Tri-
tons wasted 
several oppor-
tunities' includ-
ing bases-
loaded situa-
tions in the fifth 
and eighth in-
nings. 

"We' re a 
coupleofclutch 
hits away from 

SPERM 
DONORS 

Healthy, qual~ied men 
ages 18 - 35 can earn extra 
cash by participation in a 
respected donor program. 

For complete information 
call (619) 265-2407 

THE FERTILITY CENTEI1 
OF CALIFORNIA 

being 2-0, instead of 0-2. But that 's the 
sign of a young team, and we're hoping 
that corne March. we'll get those key 
hits," UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates 
said. 

The Triton offense was led by 
Dominic Dirksen,Eric Quandt and Craig 
B iJt, who collected two hits apiece. 

The Tritons will play their home 
opener this Saturday at noon. when they 
host Southern California College. 

Before the game, UCSD will retire 
the jersey offormer star Bob Natal. who 
played for the Tritons from 1984-87. 
Natal holds most of the Triton offensive 
records and is now a catcher for the 
Florida Marlins. 

SCHOLARSHIPS AND 
GRANTS AVAJLASLE'" 
NO GPA REQUIREMENTS 
NO tNCOME RESTRICTIONS 
NO AGE LIMITS 
GUARANTEE 
We Will match you With at leasl SIX 
non·government sources of Ilnanclal 
aid or your money backl 
DOUBLE GUARANTEE 
You Will receive at least $'00 In 
grants/scholarships or we Will give 
you a $too U.S. Savings Bond i" 
For Informalion and an appl ication. 
send your name and address 10' 
TONY STRONG AND ASSOCIATES 
6285 E. SPRING ST., Suite 399 
LONG BEACH, CA 90808 
• Scholarships and grants available 
for undergraduates 

"Full guarantee details senl with 
application 

Capella then took a pass at the other end 
of the COUll, drove down the right 
baseline. popping up next to the hoop to 
deliver a monster slam to make the 
score 71-22. 

"We didn't expect this kind of blow-
out," UCSDHeadCoach Tom Marshall 
said "But they didn't have their leading 
scorer [Ernie Bray J, plus the crowd was 
great With all the fans there we play 
prenywell; we need that kind of crowd" 

'They played us tough last time." 
Moore said "But we're rolling along 
and it's looking good now." 

"This was nice," Johnson said, "But 
we need five more before it means 
anything." 

Ca I ifornia University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students_ Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617, prr spring Fff 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production. 
Positions going fast , 

Call now, 
1·800·400·9332 

Monday , February 8, 1993 The UC D Guardian 

Assorted Vinyl Acoustic Concert Series 
THE J~~ 
~~ 

DONALD 
WILSON 

QUINTET 
Performing Live Acousti c Sets in the Assorted Vinyl Store! 

Thu., Feb. II , 4.30PM Thu., Feb. 25 , 4.30PM Fri ., Mar. 5 
Also appearing on Loudspeaker, 91X's local music show 

Hosted by Lou Niles Loudspeaker: Mondays, 12.00 - 2.30AM 
Feb. 8 Feb. 22 Mar. 1 
h . (619) 534 ·2733 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in 
the Student Leadership Cham-
bers, Price Center, Third Floor. 
Come and get involved!! 

SUN GOD BOOTHS 
Student orgs : Tum in your Sun 
God Info sheets so that your 
organization can have a booth 
at the 1993 Sun God Festiva l. If 
you have any questions, call 
Cecelia 534-4450. 

fax (619) 534 · 1505 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
SEMI-FORMAL 
The International Club is spon-
soring "A Whole New World " 
semi-formal Sat., Feb. 13 from 
8 p.m. to 1 a.m. at the Interna-
tional Center. Tickets are 
available at the International 
Center. The cost is $10/couple 
for nonmembers, $8/couple for 
members, $6/person for 
nonmembers and $5/ person for 
members. 

SUN GOD THEME 
Do you have ideas for a 
theme? Feb, 12 Is the 
deadline to submit all 
of your creative ideas. 

WATCH FOR ••• 

KOALAFESr! 
You could win a $50 
gift certificate to Assorted Vinyl . 
Submit all ideas to the A.S . 
receptionist ASAP. 

SANGAM SEMI-FORMAL 
Sangam presents DISCO 
DIWAANI - a semi-formal on a 
boat on Feb. 26 from 8 p.m. to 
1 a.m. All welcome. Tix at box 
office. Live DJ. 

FIFTH COUEGE ELECTION 
COMMITTEE 
Represent your college on the 
Fifth College Electioo Commit-
tee! Further information and 
applications available at Fifth 
College office. Applications due 
by Thursday, Feb, 11. 

FIFTH COMMUTER STUDENTS 
The Fifth Commuter Student 
Association is subsidizing 
tickets to "Timon of Athens· for 
Fifth commuter students on 
Feb, 19 at 8 p.m. TIckets are 
available for $2 at the dean's 
office. 

PANEL DISCUSSION ON 
YUGOSLAVIA 
The Intemational Club presents 
a panel discussion on Yugosla-
via featuring UCSD students 
from Yugoslavia on Mon., Feb . 8 
at 6:30 p,m. at the International 
Center. 

FIFTH COUEGE SENIORS 
Fifth College wants you! Apply 
now for position as senior 
senator. Applications are 
available at Fifth College office 
(MAAC 412) and are due by 
Mon., Feb. 8 at 4:30 p.m. 

FACULTY/STUDENT LUNCH 
Faculty Student Staff Interaction 
would like to invite all biology/ 
science students for open 
discussion and lunch with your 
favorite instructor. Get involved 
and give yourself a chance to 
meet your faculty in an informal 
setting. Every Wednesday 
beginning at 1 p.m. at Round 
Table Pizza patio, 

-NOTICE-
A.S. Newsftashes is a paid advenisement produced by the Associated Students 
for the advertisement of student organization events and other opponunities for 

the UeSD students. Production and submission infonnation for A.S. 
Newsflashu is provided weekly in the bottom right comer of the page. 

WAR IN BoSNIA 
The Muslim Student Assoc iation 
presents "Genocide in Bosnia" 
on Thurs., Feb. 18, at 7 p.m. in 
the Price Center Ballroom with 
eyewitness video from Bosnia-
Herzegovina and speaker. 

BLACK'S WINTER CLASSIC 
UCSO Surf Club and Todos 
Santos Surfboards are co-
sponsoring a surf contest 
and beach clean-up on Feb. 
27 at 8 a.m. on Black's 
Beach. The event is open to 
the publ ic and all contes-
tants receive a free t-
shirt. For more info and 
entry forms, call 552-
0920 . Entries must be 
received by Feb. 22. 

FIFTH COMMUTER BREAKFAST 
Free breakfast for com-
muters every Wed ., 8-11 
a.m. in the MAAC 412 Com-
muter Lounge. 

THE BAHA'I CLUB 
We would like to invite 
everyone to an open dis-
cussion on the oneness of 
religion. Come to the Ber-
keley room on the second 
floor of the Price Center on 
Wed., Feb. 10 from 7-9 p.m. 
We look forward to seeing 
you! 

STUDENT ENVIRONMENTAL 
ACTION COMMITTEE 
SEAC meets every Monday 
at 5 p.m. in their office 
located directly above Soft 
Reserves . 

VALENTINE'S RAFFLE 
The Second Annual Chi 
Omega Valentine 's Raffle 
will be at the Price Center 
Plaza on Fri., Feb. 12, from 
12-1 p.m. Buy a raffle 
ticket for only $1 from any 
Chi Omega. Need not be 
present to win. 

SETTING THE PACE 
Third College First Annual 
5K Run, Walk and Roll 
Scholarship fundraiser is 
Sat., Feb. 20. Registration 
at 8:30 a.m. and begins at 
10 a.m. at Third College. 
Entry fees are $15 prior to 
race day, $10 for students 
with 10 and $17 the day of 
race. For more information, 
call Third College Dean ' s 
office at 534-4390. 

15 

After :200 years or despoti c rulers. the "genie" of rreo::-
dom was "let out oflhc bottlc" and the world's iii st blad 
republ ic lastcd the dignity alld libaty thai it had on ly 
dreamed about. Thi ~ tilm otTers a uniquc perspeclilc 
1110 Ihe coup d 'etat against the country's lirst demu-

ically elected President. Jean Ben l'Und Ari~tide. 
e documentary follows the sufte ring (Jf Ille boal 

lpeoplle as they des perately SCt sai l fo r rreedom o nly til 
'nterdicted anu intcrned by tile U. .. and Ii nally 
ibly rc turned 10 thei r o ppressors ill Haiti . Th is work 

110t only with the tragedy of Ha it i but also points 
a current moral bankruptcy in U.S. fon:ign polk y. 

mcntalor: Dr. Frantz Dcl"a . member or Latin 
'ans United. 

THURSDAY and Friday MOVIE 

THE LAST 
OF THE 

OHICANS 
PRl _ CENTbR THE ATRE 

~icl<ct:s : 
$1 in advance 
$2 day of show 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
WE'VE MOVED! 

The Vol unteer Connection is now Located on 
the second floor of the Price Center! Our phone 
number is still 534- 1414 so stop by or call for 
information on how you can volunteer in the San 
Diego community. 

Planning for "Hands On San Diego" is begin-
ning! This is a community service awareness 
event that takes a lot of preparation. There are six 
positions available: Director of PromotionslPub-
licity, Director of Sponsors/Donations, Director 
of Entertainment/Decorations, Participant Re-
cruiter, Director of Operations/Logistics, and 
Historian. If you are interested, call Sashi at the 
office for more information. 

Hunger and homelessness in taday's world is 
a reality. Help alleviate these problems by panici-
pating in Hunger Awareness Day, Febmary 27. 
Great group activity! For more infonnation ,ask 
for Molly or stop by the office. 

A.S. Newsf!ashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizatIons may 
advertIse in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outSide the A.S. Secretary's offlce, 
third "oor, Price Center. SubmiSSions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 

.... 



16 

GREGG 

UJHJl1J1 
A Sassy Gerbil 
Named Precious 

This column is aboul golf. 01 
Ihal I know much about iI, only Ihal 
Ihe ripped a~lro-Iurf and windmill on 

~ix leen make it damn tough to pull 
par. 

Here \ \ol11t:lhing else aboul Ihe 
game that I know. Despite Ihe fact 
that Hamster E~ercise Wheel mcing 
would be as exciling a telev ision 
event as golf, men in ugly plaid panb 
are on Ihe lUbe far more than ;my 
gerbils named Fluffy or Preciou~ . 

Why this i ~ , I have no idea. While 
I'll admitth.1l an eagle sh t on a 385-
yard par four where the ball bounces 
over a bunker and hi ts a passing golf 
can before caroming off the pin and 
intllthc hole i~ tnily highlight film 
matenal, gll y~ named Davis Love III 
,l.Iring al a b;11I for the better part of a 
1000night trying to line up a three-foot 
putt can get tediolls. 

'Il,is is not to rag on golfers. at 
ka\t not all golfer,. I know SD 
h;1\ a go lf t.:al11, and a very good nc 
at Ihat; in fact, the placed third in 
Ihe nation la,1 iear Their coach. 
Mike Wydla. I' nne of the 1110st 
emert;lIning cO:lche~ JI this ~chool. A 
Journa lbl \ urcam. he 'll talh. for u<lYs 
about his tCJIll. h.ceping you I<lughing 
all the time. tllaybe he can help me 
out here. 

The AT&T Pebble Bea h Pro- 111 
1\ !:l,llng on right now. and as one of 
the premiere events in the world of 
hlg -lime golling. I thought this woulu 
be the perfect tllne to bnng up s me 
quc,1t n,. 

Fil'\t of all, \\ hat', the de;ll with 
.111 of th" ob,t:urc Icnllinolog ' j I 
:lhIJ)\ hear 111) golfing fri'nd~ ,ay 
Ihlllg, lih.e. "llc lOok iI five dollar 
\a"all nn I :!:. I 0\ . I \\ou lu assume 
Ihc~ '11.' nOltJlkmg ab(1utthe city in 
Ihe Bahama'. ~o thi~ ;1,,;lU ~ollnd, 
,u'Plclou,l) Itkt: one of two thing, 

a oct or ,omc h.ind of p;hlr 
prn<.illc i sold llll the cour,e. 01, me 
~lIld of wi III I1Y <:I"Oi,s;.111l but a real 
big ,ucker with dripping chocolate 
fro,tinl!, ~prinh.les ;lnu l"il>pberry jelly 
fi lling. 

Another good word is Mullig;ln. 
as in. "'I lOok a 11IIIigan 0 11 15 when 
a Ilalru, popped out of the water 
hazaru and took Illy ball." Actually I 
kno\\ what a Mulligan i" but it ,11 11 
\ounu, ,tupiu . A, far a" ;I walrus 
popping out of rhe water haLard, )'m 
nOI ,ure of what the ruling would be 
and whether or not you could take a 
tllulligan on it - you might be 
forced 10 re,on to a Riley or an 
O·Brien. Coach'! 

Another thing that gets me i, the 
rule thai you mu t play the ball where 
it lit:\. A lady on the LPGA took a shot 
I;L,t year which bounced off a tree and 
I;lndeu. don't ask me how, in her bra. 
This golfer had only one thing to say, 
'"['11 t;lke the one-stroke penalty. but 
1"11 be damneu if 1"11\ going to play it 
II here it lie .... 

ow what if this shot had landed in 
See MUUIGAN, Page 11 

The UC D Guarllian Mon;lay , Februal'Y 8, 1993 

Super Bore For Tritons 

Dan McDowell / Guardlall 
SnIper Chris Moore dishes off to a teammate Friday. Moore had 24 points on the night. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 

MEN'S VOI.LEYBALL: The 
Ttitons tnlveled cross-lown to S,Ul 

Diego State for the ASICS 
tournament. Page 14 

WOMEN'S BASKE1BAl1: 
De pile 35 points. including a 

team record nine three-pointer.;, 
from Tticia Stilwell. the Tritons 

feU to Cal Baptist 011 Friday night. 
Page 14 

Dan McDowel l/GuardIan 
John Spence had 19 points Friday 

By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It wa.~theSuper Bowl of basketball games. Not 
because of its imporuUlce or the hype that went 
along with it, but because of the result. The UCSD 
men's basketball team played the Cowboys to UC 
Santa Cruz 's BiII~ as the Tritons romped toa 91-38 
win, their sixth in a row, in front of a large Spirit 

ight crowd at home on Friday. 
The game was over with in seven or eight 

minutes afterthe tip. UCSD's Ouis Moore scored 
the first nine points of the 
game including his first 
three-pointer of the night 
with a minute and a half 
gone. John Spence gave 
UCSDa l-t'() lead when he 
drove left side all the way 
forthe layup. Spence missed 
but picked up his own re-
bound and this time put the 
shot away. He was fouled 
, well and convened on 
the free throw. 

TheBananaSlugsdidn 't 
get on [he board until 15:43 

was showing on the clock. Anthony Yannana got 
free on the left ' ide for an easy layup and the score 
was 14-2. A minute and a half later, Santa Cruz 
picked up their fifth point ofthe game when Allen 
Jones nailed a three-pointer to make it 17-5. It was 
as close as [he Banana Slugs wou ld come all night. 

ate Halligin canle off the bench to supply 
some inspirational defense for the Tritons. not that 
they were in dire need of it. With 12:55 to play in 
the half. Hantgin stole the ball and drove all the way 
on the breakaway for the layup and a 26-5 lead. 
Fifty seconcb later, Hantgin picked up another theft 
and fed Kareel11 Manhews, who was fouled and 
convened one of [wo from the free throw line. 
Thirty seconds after that. Hantgin broke up a pass 
at midcoun and took it in himself for two again. 

With 7:58 to play, the Banana Slug were still 
mired at five point~ but had a chance to break 
UCSD's 22-poilll run which had given the Tritons 
a 39-5 lead. 0 such luck_ Santa Cruz's Bennet 
Gutmannwenttothelinefortwo hot and bricked 
both. The Slugs would have to wait until the deficit 
had grown to 43-5, before David Goldberg con-
verted a layup with 6: 12to play in the half, the fIrSt 
Santa Cruz !>Core in eight minutes. 

On the UCSD side meanwhile, the Tritons' 
Erik Johnson got his first playing time in nearly a 
month after being sidelined with a broken hand. 
The Tritons' de ignuted three-point rifleman, 
John on didn't wait long too get back to game 
hape, nailing a trey from the left comer with 4: 15 

to play in the half.'11mt ' ju t wh:u Lhey pay me to 
do," the newly-bald junior said. "The hand felt 
alright, not great, but nOl too many problems." 

The Tritons' other sniper, Moore. was having 
a fairly decent ftrSl-halfhimself. drilling 18 points, 
four more than the Santa Cruz team could manage, 
which found itself down 48-14 at halftime. 

The second half was as painful to watch as the 
fIrSt. The Triton lead increased to 40 with 12:25 to 
play when Hantgin hita 12-footer from the left side 
to make it 62-22. 

Freshman Brian Capella made his presence felt 
10:55 into the second half when he blocked a shot. 

See M. HOOP, Page 14 

The Headline Matchup: Women's tennis season opener at Point Lorna Nazarene College, Tuesday at 2:30. 
Other Games: Softball at Point Lorna, Friday, Men's basketball at Menlo College, Friday and at Dominican College , Saturday. Men's volleyball at La Veme, Friday. Baseball vs, Southern California 

College, Saturday at noon, baseball diamond. Women's basketball vs. Cal Lutheran, Saturday at 5:30, Main Gym. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 8, 1993. PA8E S1 

• Until recently, it seemed as though 
precious few San Diegans embraced 
UCSD as a part of their city. Now the 
city is fmally taking notice of the 
"other" San Diego university. 

BY DA V ID SNO ~v, 
ASSOCIATE FEA T U RES EDITOR 

r
tmt COLLEGE SENIOR ANGre CHOW 
realized there was something 
lacking in UCS D's public image 
when she called a downtown 
San Diego restaurant to ask for 

directions. "Where are you coming 
from?" asked the maitre d' . 

"UCSD." 
"Huh?" 
"UC San Diego," she repeated. 
"Where 's that?" asked the con-

fused restaurateur. 
UCSD students might reasonably 

expect out-of-towners to mistakenly 
enthuse, "How 'bout them Aztecs!" 
when the university's name is men-
tioned, but the school's idemilY prob-
lem becomes significantly more frus-
trating when a native San Diegan 
blum a similar response. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson summed up the feelings of 
many members of the UCSD com-
munity when he said at a press confer-
ence last year, "UCSD is an institu-
tion that San Diegans hardly know 
abou!." 

Many people share this sentiment, 
and believe that Greater San Diego's 
attitude toward UCSD can at best be 
characterized as ambivalent: it knows 
we're up North somewhere, and it 
knows the school does some heavy 
research, but it can't think of a good 
reason why it would want to know 
much more. 

The roots of this attitude, pervad-
ing many aspects of relations between 
UCSD and San Diego, are grounded 
in the history and circumstances of 
UCSD's development Only now are 
perceptions changing, both on cam-
pus and in the City, !hanks in pan to 

the increasing role that UCSD now 
plays in the economy of America's 
Fine t City. Thanks also go to the 
university 's carefully-executed pub-
lic relation campaign. 
Legacy of DIfferences 

Historically, the gap between 
UCSD and San Diego, in both mites 
and understanding, "really dates back 
to the origins of the institution," says 
Atkinson. When the regents first 
planned the campus layout in the 
1950 , they debated whether or not it 
should be named UC La Jolla. The 
proposed campu was cenainly too 
far away from San Diego proper for 
most San Diegans to consider it a part 
of their community. But the regents 
believed that it wou ld be better in the 
end for the university to be associated 
with the expanding metropolis of San 
Diego than with the stodgy and afflu-
ent colony of La Jolla, 

When the university was estab-
lished, San Diego residents did not 
have much cause to take notice. "This 
was a very remote pan of San Diego," 
says Atkinson. "No one was much 
interested in going this far nonh. San 
Diegans really didn't focus on it." 

The university developed and ex-
panded steadilythroughoutthe 19608, 
attracting a respectable faculty and a 
sizable student body. Then, just as 
San Diego was beginning to notice 
the budding institution to the nonh, 
the campus ignited with the upheav-
als of the late '60s. 

Violent anti-war protests and slU-
dent radicals like Angela Davis at the 
university did not draw any sympathy 
from the largely conservative, pro-
military San Diegocommunity, "This 

place really came apan during Viet-
nam," says Atkinson. "It was a small 
campus, but for its size it probably 
had more difficulties than any cam-
pus in the United States." 

Student radicalism left a bad taste 
in the mouths of many San Diego and 
La Jolla residents and officials. But 
the rift between the more liberal cam-
pus and its rock-ribbed neighbors 
occurred before the campus was even 
built, when some residents of La Jolla 
expressed reservations about allow-
ing Jewish faculty members to live in 

their neighborhoods. The anti-war 
uprisings gave some members of the 
surrounding community even greater 
reason to believe that UCSD was an 
undesirable influence in San Diego. 

"It took a long time for some people 
to wann up to the university," says 
Atkinson. 
..... Tech eo..lKtIoI .. 

Even if the name "UCSD" still 
feelsawkwardonthetonguesofmany 
downtown San Diegans, it has none-
theless found a pennanent place in the 
lexicon of San Diego's booming 

Mlcha Croft/Guardian 

biotech industry and among other busi-
ness leaders. 

Long-time San Diego observer and 
San Diego Union-Tribune columnist 
Niel Morgan dates the modem devel-
opment of San Diego to the establish-
ment of UCSD, and believes that the 
arrival of the university was the single 
most important event in the recent 
history of the city, 

UCSD's ties to local businesses 
and research-oriented finns are per-
vasive. A UCSD Extension program 

See UCSO, Page S2 



2 Monday. Fehruary8.199? 

COMMUNI1Y: UCSD 
wants San Diego to appreciate it 
for more than its research success 
ContInued from page S1 
called Connect links San Diego high-tech stan-up with 
potential investors, po itioning the university as a con-
duit for industry growth, much of which has occurred in 
the surrounding area of University City. otherwise known 
as the Golden Triangle. 

"UCSD i till the major focu ,and development has 
to be matched to the university," says R. H. Hamstra, 
former leader of the University City Planning Group, in 
the November 1992 issue of Metropolitan , a Golden 
Triangle bu iness publication. "Many people would ay 
the university is the engine driving San Diego develop-
ment. Look at the [advancesl coming out of there, like the 
associations between UCSD, Salk, and Scripps." 

Alohardtoignorei UCSD'sinfluenceas the econd 
large t employer in San Diego, with more than 16,000 
people on i l~ payroll. The university pumps an e timated 
$800 million into San Diego's economy annually. 

Atkin n believes that UCSD's imponance to the 
economy will continue to playa major role in tying the 
university to the community. 'There 's the old San Diego 
which is more in the downtown area," he say~, "and then 
there's all of the e new indu tries and new companie 
burgeoning up nonh here, and the two haven't quite met 
yet. The uni vers ity almo~t ha!> become the meeting 
ground of these various groups." 
Town and Gown 

Moti vating the driving force behind San Diego's 
high-tech indu try is all well and good for UCSD, but it 
hasn't exactly caused the local demand for UCSD 
, weatshins to skyrockel. 

" UCSD has been an asset in bringing more cultural 
opportunities to La Jolla," acknowledges Mariam Kirby, 
executive manager of the La 10lla Town Council. She is 
referring, of course, to the Mandell Wei Theater. "The 
Steven Birch aquarium is a tremendous asset," she adds. 

In other words, residents of La Jolla enjoy coming to 
campus to watch plays and concerts. Are there ever any 
complaint of rowdy tudentsdi turbingLaJolla?"None," 
says Kirby. "Most rudents can' t afford to live in La 
Jolla." 

Indeed, the clear isolation of the UCSD campus from 
its surrounding community i probably something which 
many universities would cherish. '"fown-and-gown" con-
flict have traditionally troubled college towns. Even the 
14th century author Geoffrey Chaucer make reference 
to hostile town people in Cambridge, England beating 
up the bookish college rudents. 

Although San Diego State University i an institution 
slightly removed from Cambridge, it is often involved in 
imilarcollege-communitydi pute . Because of its itu-

ation in the heart of a large residential community, the 
lifestyles of its tudent population often clash with the 
atmo phere of the comm unity. 

Families in the Mea often register complaints about 
wild panies and are disturbed by State student who stay 
out late. These complaint~ have developed into outright 
battles on occasion, especially when the university at-
tempt to build more dormitories in re idential di trict . 

"Any time we sneeze. the people around here get 
upset becau e they are right on top of u ." complains 
Rick Moore. director of communications for SDSU. 

Recurring local tensions aside, SDSU's formidable 
rudent population. its 6O-year entrenchment in San 

Diego and, some would argue, its Divisiol'l I spon 
program and a reputation as a fun place to go to chool, 
have made it "San Diego's University" in the minds of 
many locals. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dominic lobbla/ Guart1;an 

"cool." I fthe Fox network were to start a new show called 
"La Jolla, 92092," it i doubtful whether Shannon 
Dougheny and her keen friends would want to cruise 
UCSD, or even be seen near it. 

Many believe that, aside from its obvious local eco-
nomic imponance, UCSD and especially its students 
have had a difficult time making a noticeable impre sion 
on the greater community. That UCSD is a school with 
tens ofthouS3nds of tudent often get lost in the hubbub 
over its bigot ime government grant and medical innova-
tions. 

If this i true, then San Diego must regard UCSD as 
the bminy step child to the nonh. 
Envy 

academics and strictly small-time pons program are the 
flip-side of State's. State would love to trade for a few of 
our problems, Moore says. 

school" image that inevitably accompanies the mention 
of its name. 

"A lot of [SDSUJ students perceive UCSD as being 
somewhat boring and a little too eriou ," admit Moore. 
"Some people view UCSD as an elite institution silting 
up there in La Jolla." 

Mary Jo Nonman, a secretary in the college counsel-
ing office at Torrey Pines High School, confirms that 
some students do show up when representatives from 
UCSD visit the school to recruit. "Of course, not as many 
as when Boulder or Stanford corne," she adds. "We have 

Moore, who monitors the public image of SDSU, lets 
out an extended belly laugh when he hears about UCSD's 
image problems. The list of stereotypes about UCSD, 
e pecially the ones about its staid social life, too-serious 

"We traditionally feel that we don't get much re peet," 
ays Moore, explain ing that while SDSU enjoys national 

name recognition, it is constantly trying to shed the "party 

"Many people here feel that we live in [UCSD's] 
shadow. They think that the serious wvrk goes on at 
UCSD. I call this the 'halo effect,''' says Moore. 

La JoJlan think UCSD, the in titution, is JUSt great. But UCSD's halo just does not convey the image of 

r----
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I r 
\..._-----

----------------~ 

2TANS$1: : 
One for you, one for a fr iend l 
130 Tan Days $2~91 I 

Wolff BedS ' Facial Tamers I I 
5c>rc "",tz1ctllno 'WI> 

• 2nd :xl.., da)'o tM.99(01U\ JUt'-) ) ----------------~ (------------------------~ 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
l Guaranteed .. . $48 $96 " I lost 11 inches , and my jeans l 
I European Body Wrap fit now. II's definitely worth it/" Lose at least 6" or you don't pay I - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercIse or dietIng. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 
I PERFECT T fiN GOLDEN TRlflNGLE L.a JoII<l Pt. Lama St.llte Colleee I I 3251 Holiday Ct. 455-0952 224-9727 697-0014 

acr055 5treet from EI Torito Pacif ic 6each M~' lon Valley U 1w\e5<1 I ~55~OO~ ____ ~81-00~ __ 32~39~ ___ ~-00~_ ..J 

HEALTH CARE - SOCIAL ISSUES PROGRAM 
Spring Quarter Course Offerings 
Tile fol/olVing courses may be applied toward millor/program of concelltration requirements 
ill the Healtll Care-Social Issues Program: 
Anthropology: Biology 180 
Contemporary Issues 40 • AIDS Epidemic 
Psychology 1 - Psychology 
Psychology 60 • Introduction to Statistics 
Psychology 104 - Introduction to Social Psychology 
Psychology ISS· Social Psychology and Medicine 
Psychology 168 - Abnormal Psychology 
Psychology 169 - Brain Damage and Mental Function 
Sociology/L 40 . Sociology of Health Care 
Sociology/C 144 - Forms of Social Control 
Urban Studies & Planning 147 - Case Studies in Health Care Programs: Poor 
and Underserved Populations 

Information Oil specific requiremellls, deciaratiolls. pnitions. alld trallscripr 1I0tat;01l requests 
lIIay bl! obtained at 3238 Literature Buildillg (second floor) or pholle 534-/704 

Join Peace Corps ... 

8.5 X 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or 5tH serve 

GLOBALIZE YOUR RESUME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Cam pus Feb. 10 & 11 
InformatioD Booth: Wednesday & Thursday, 9 am - 1:30 pm 

Price Center 

Special Seminars 

What Is Peace Corps? 
Wed., Feb. 10. 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Center, Conference Room 

Opportunities in EducatioD & Science 
Thurs., Feb. 11 ,2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Center, Conference Room 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

Interviews 

Thurs. and Fri. 
Feb. 25 & 26 

Career Services Center 

For more information, cOnlaCt your Career Services Center, or call the Los Angeles Recruiting Office at (800)832-0681. ext. 110. 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFfS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 

Poster Sized Copies 

EnJar8e your 
8.5 x 11 camera 
ready document 
to l8x 24. 

while you 
wait .•• 

La Jolla • 457-3775 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. #301 

fax: (619) 457-0946 
OPEn 24 HOORS 

Over 600 locations nationwide, calI1-800-743-COPy' 

to turn students away from the doors [when those schools 
come]. UCSD i a local school and a lot of kids want to 
go away." 

Of course, it can be reasoned that most local high 
school students wouldn't need to attend the UCSD pre-
entation because they think they already know what 

UCSD is like. Bonnie Laughlin, college coordinator at 
Torrey Pines. repons that interest among her students in 
attending UCSD is very high. However, "what sells 
UCSD is proximity to home, comfon level and academ-
ics, but not the ociallife." she says. 

"UCSD i not perceived as a fun place," observes 
Laughlin. "Fun, to the kjds, is UCLA or UC Berkeley. 
Fun i Santa Barbara because it' pany, pany, pany. Fun 
is not UCSD. The Golden Triangle does not give UCSD 
a flavor like UCLA or Berkeley." 
.......Pow ... 

Thee sence ofSDSU's public relations can be appre-
ciated by a call to its media office. ;'What spon is this 
regarding?" ask the receptioni t. 

It 'seasyto pinpoint UCSD's lack ofa big-name spons 
program as a primary reason for its paucity of affection 
from the masses. Atkinson is quick to counter that 
school uch as M.l.T. and Cal Tech have achieved an 
admirable reputation withollt Division I spons. 

According to Atkin on, UCSD is the lone public 
university in the pre tigious 56-member A sociation of 
American Universitie. that gets by withoLit a "big-time" 
football program. 

';1 think we do get a lot of attention in the media," ays 
Atkin on. "We don't get it on the spons page_ but we get 
it everywhere else." 

Not surprisingly. the bulk of the Ullioll-Triblllle's 
coverage of the university focuses on the myriad of 
scientific breakthroughs pouring out its doors. The news-
paper payrolls three fu ll-time science writers who keep 
busy staying on top of the research done in the laborato-
ries of UCSD. Th is reponing tends to overshadow the 
stories about student life which occasionally appear on 
the TV screens and the page of San Diego newspapers. 

Once again. Moore says that SDSU envies this sup-
posed image problem. "UCSD gets more coverage, and 
[it's] better. Ours concentrates on budget cuts, protests, 
students unhappy about condoms.. . I am continually 

amazed by thi . Your campus has car thefts, tudents pany, 
students get sexually assaulted, and no one pay anent ion. " 

According to Moore, UCSD's on-going co-op crisis 
would be seen as a major story if it happened at State. He 
say that the public doe not recognize the quality of the 
academics at SDSU. " Both of our campu es feel that we 
don't get attention. We would like less breaking news and 
more substance," he says. 

UCSD Office of Communication Director Win Cox 
thinks that the university's rJPpon among the public has 
improved teadily through the years. Her office conducted 
an extensive public perception survey five years ago which 
found, among other things, "that people have a very high 
opinion of UCSD. and they understand its academic 
strengths. Mo t people can ea ily distinguish UCSD from 
[the University of San Diego] and SDSU." 

Cox , ays that her offi e i actively trying to put more 
student-related stories in the local press. "People in San 
Diego don't understand the wealth of tudent experience 
here. We try to integrate the campus into the community. 
This is very imponant to us." Cox explain . 

Atkinson admits that he till thinks San Diego residents 
don't realize how important the university is to their city. but 
he emphasizes that the level of awareness b alre:ldy pretty 
high. and is growing tead ily. As more and more UCSD 
graduates join the rJnks of State graduates in posit ions of 
leadership in San Diego, UCSD' public image cannot help 
but be enhanced, Atkinson says. 

Morgan believes that it can no longer be said that UCSD 
is a stranger to San Diego. 'This town-and-gown schism 
was very noted in the '60s and '70s, but it has vastly 
dissipated. I was at Oxford recently, and heard the same 
complaints. and they've been there for 500 years." 

But the initial confu~ion caused by an call placed to 
Torrey Pine High S hool reminds that the level of aware-
ness about UCSDcan still stand some improvement: "Where 
did you say you were from? San Diego State?" 

ERRATUM 
In the February 1 edition of the Guardian, the story 

-Classroom on the High Seas· incorrectly stated where 
travelling students drank snake blood. They drank the 
blood in Taiwan. The Guardian regrets the error. 

lRSAN, RICHARD E, DDS 

" .... 1.11 $1"-
New York $17t-
W ........... DC $17t-
"liN $17t· 
Maleo City '107-
London $'00-
'Iris 'IJO-
·~I fir;:: ,:~~.,.~ on r:stncbOOS 

"'"",." ' .. W5 ",.." be I'rqLlrod. 
",,.,,,,. ... ,..IIftI ktw. 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price Certer(by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

La Jolla 
UTe 

Pacific Beach 

Board Certified Oral and 
Maxillofacial Surgeon 

Implants 

Corrective Jaw Surgery 

Wisdom Teeth and General Anesthe ia 

100/0 DISCOUNT for UCSD students 
470 Nautilus, Suite 212, La Jolla .. ..... . 459·5565 

-rri 
IJisa Ackerman 

Vicky Aldri~e 
Wendy Allen 

AlyS!l8 !)B8chi 
Kara Cordle 

Karen Corwin 

Kelly Etder 

Anika Cael 

Jennirer Henderson 

Marcia Jeffric.!) 

Delf~ 
KrisLin Knox 

Kimberly Lum 

&Lephanie Mulherin 
--~--

-==---. ..... Leanne Nhan 

Mary QabinowiLz 
Molly Qhodus 
Tami & haller 

Mi~y &ymour 
Jean Zce 

tf.51LON 
C.LASS 

I~ ~3 

-



54 PECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 8, 1993 

HRENH 
Do YOU FEEL 

I don't really feel a parr of the 
an Diego communiry, bur 

then again, I don't really feel 
rhe need. 

CONNECfED 
WITH SAN DIEGO? 

I don't feel parr of rhe San 
Diego community because 
there isn 't a place rhat lers 

C 0 tudenrs be themselves 
out in rhe city, like Berkeley. 

JOAQUIN ARROYO 
Muir Freshman Photos and Interviews by 

JENNIFER V ANN 

SHANE KoNG 
WammJunior 

I'm from San Diego, so I'd 
never feel epa rate fro m it, but 
I do see a difference between 
L:: Jolla and 'an Die '0. They're 
tw different worlds. 

JASON ANDERSON 
Fifth opholl1ore 

Yeah, because I live here and 
I'm from an Diego. I've voted 
and (ried to keep track of what's 
going on with the politi 

JASON DoNAHUE 
U!'arren Sopbomore 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

bi.iiaa 
• Auto, \York, and sport injurie 
• Bdd, neck and joint pain CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
• Migraine and stre :. heada he CAll TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

ystem disorders 558-3600 
• Mo t in urance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAilY 9 am·7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 dnd La Joila Village Drive 

LAW AND SOCIETY PROGRAM 
Spring Quarter Course Offerings 
Law & Society 101.. .. Contemporary Legal Issues: Capital Punishment 

Instructor: Alex Landon 
Mon. 6:00·8:50 p.m. GH 1402, Section ID #166226 

Other courses which //lay bl! applied toward Law alld Society millar/program of cOl/cel/tration 
reqllire//ll'lIfs: 
Ethnic Studies 189 
History US 153 
LinguisticsiGenerall05 
Philosophy 162 
Political Science 102H 

Political Science I04F 
Sociology/C 144 

SPECIAL TOPIc : RACE AND THE LAW 
AMERICAN POLITICAL TRIALS 
LAW AND L ANGUAGE 
PHILO OPHY OF LAW 
POLITICAL & LEGAL FOUNDATIONS·AMERICAN 
E ONOMY 
CONSTITlITlONAL LAW SEMINA R 
FORMS OF SOCIAL CONTROL 

In/ormation on specific requirements. dec/orations, petitiolls , and transcript nOlalion req~slS 
may be obtained at 3238 Literalure Blli/ding (second floor) or phont 534·1704. 

0 , becau e I don'r have a car, 
o it's hard for me to ger down 

there. owthatI'm21 , l goout 
more, but ir' also hard if you're 
not 21. 

SHEllEY STANCER 
Fiflh enior 

I feel like I'm parr of the an 
Diego community in a very 
limired way. I'm a 'rudent and 
most of my activities are within 
the university. 

GRACEC. 
Post-Baccalaureate 

HP calculators for 
Science and Engineering 

HP42S 
Advanced Scien-
tific Calculator, 
The engineer's 
best bet for 
matrix math. 

HP20S 
Scientific Calculator, 

A program library to solve your 

LJL,LJ 
'I( l( ' .... ·.'c "'" 

challenging problems. 

Available at: 

lIP 32511 
RPN Scientific Calculator. 
Solve application and 

formula evaluation. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTM ENT 534-4320 


