
Elsewhere 
Afrlca ... American 
AppoInted to Chair 
BERKELEY - UC Berkeley 
Social Welfare Profe sor 
Jewelle Taylor Gibbs wa 
recently appointed to the 
Zellerback Family Fund 
Chair. As the first African-
American woman in the 
history of the University of 
California to be appointed to 
an endowed chair, she will 
examine innovation in ocial 
policy, community change 
and practice as related to 
ocial welfare. An authority 

who peciaJize in adole cent 
mental health , Gibb will be 
able to continue her re earch 
thanks to the $400,000 
endowment. 

UC Davl. Vote. to 
Recall Pugno 
DA VIS - The coalition to 
remove UC Davis Executive 
Councilmember Andy Pugno 
from office could make history 
if the majority of voting 
students vote to recall him. 
Only two times before in 
ASUCD history have enough 
vote been gathered to even 
hold a recall election, and only 
once has a recall gone to vote. 
Pugno was a ked to leave his 
office after many campus 
groups charged him with having 
extremist political views on 
women, homo exuals and 
people of color and failing to 
repre ent his con tituency. 

Popular Hangout 
To be Transformed 
SANTA BARBARA - For 
UCSB Isla Vista drinkers, the 
lure of McBurley' s 25 cent 
beers may be forever gone as 
new ownership hopes to 
transform the popular hangout 
into a coffeehouse. According 
to new owner Sandy Boyd, not 
everyone living at LV. is ready 
to support the idea, mis ing the 
cheap alcohol and rowdy fun of 
McBurley's. "I hope to 
contribute to making LV. a 
bener place and having 
something different than 
anything else," Boyd said. 

Inside 

REACH UP 
SPECTACLE: Finally, a 
look inside the new Mormon 
Temple. .1 
SPORTS: Men's volleyball 
gets slammed by SDSU in 
three gam( s. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
UGBTS & SIRENS ... ... ...... ..... 2 
OPINION .......•..................... .4 
SPECTACLE ....••••.•..•••....••.•• SI 
CLASSmEDS .......•.•............ 12 
SPORTS .......••...•••.•..•..•••••••. 16 

T H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1993 V LUME 78, I E 7 

"-"~SPECIAL REPORT VCB Chair 
Cries Foul 
Over Charges 

Climate researchers at the 
Scripps Institution of Ocean-
ography work to solve the 
mysteries of the earth s 

weather, inchuling global warming. Will the DlSCIPUNE: Burnett cleared in 
occupation of conference room 

"greenhouse effect" turn the planet into a 
desert? For these scientists, the answer is ... By Chris Jensen Staff Writer 

IN THE 

The UCSD admini tration's charges against 
University Center Board (UCB) Chair Chris 
Bumett for allegedly breaking into the Nonh 
Conti rence Room at the Student Center were 
dropped last week by Revelle College Dean 
Emie Mon after he found them to be groundless. 

The charges stem from the General Store Co-
op's use of the conference pace for their quar-
terly textbook sale last September. 

The UCB voted last June to allow the co-ops 
to u e the room to ell textbooks for the first 
week of each quaner. a deci ion that was over-
turned by the administration. 

Last September. however, the General Store 
o-op set up shop in the space in time for the 

quarterly textbook rush. The administration ac-
See BURNETT, Page 8 

By Eric Schmidt, Senior Staff Writer 

WRC Dissolves, 
May Reorganize 

"It'. like Dirty 
Harry. Do you 
want to take 
that kind of 
attitude of not 
reducing gre .... 
house ..... ? 
Do you feel 
lucky?" 

-TIm Barnett, 
Marine physicist 

OASTAL CITIES WILL FLOOD, 
island nations will be enveloped 
by the sea and the U.S. grain belt 
will dry out , starving millions. 
Such a disastrous warm spell in 
the near future i a scenario some 
scientists publicly espouse. But in 
all the studies of the "green-
house" warming of the atmo-

sphere, no one has been able to prove that the planet 
will heat species to extinction and people to starvation. 

It often seems climatologists can barely predict 
one week into the future, much less 20 years or half a 
century. 

At the Climate Research Division (CRD) of the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO), researchers 
are looking at the weathe~ in novel ways, trying to 
bener understand the earth's constantly-changing 
climate and read into the future. 

CRD researchers know that the greenhouse 
effect, in which a layer of gases in the atmosphere 
insulates the earth, does exist. 

Report Continues on Page 7 

SCHISM: Women's Center will 
continue to offer most services 
By Phil Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

in asudden and surprising move, the Women's 
Resource Center (WRC) dis olved as a student 
organization at it meeting on Thursday, Jan. 21 . 

The members of the WRC did not publicly 
announce the decision. Instead, the only indica-
tion of the organization's dissolution was a sign 
hanging outside the WRC's office in the Old 
Student Center. 

The sign confirms that the WRCdis olved on 
Thursday :-.nd al 0 announces that "This space 
will continue to provide services; peer counsel-
ing, office hours, and informative fliers. " 

According to the sign, the move signals that 
the WRC i "Redefining, acknowledging, and 
challenging our identities." 

Members of the WRC refused to comment on 
the dissolution. However, sources close to the 
WRC attributed the decision to internal friction 
and chisms within the organization. 

IFe Presidents Uphold Suspension of Pi Kappa Phi 
GREEKS: Fraternity's 
president upset with 
council's decision 
By PhlUp MIc ...... 
Senior Staff Writer 
.... Karen ChenI 
Associate News Editor 

The Interfratemity Council (lFC) 
voted to uphold the suspension of 
the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity at a spe-
cial meeting of the Presidents ' Coun-
cil on Wednesday, Jan. 20. At the 
same meeting, a similar suspension 

of Delta Sigma Phi was reduced to 
probation, a fine and community 
service. 

Pi Kappa Phi was suspended last 
quarter for violating IFC's "dry 
rush" policy that bans alcohol from 
all rush events. An accusation in an 
anonymous leuerto Student Affairs 
Officer Paul Dewine and IFC Vice 
President of Communications Ja-
son Kannava c;laimed that certain 
members of Pi Kappa Phi brought 
alcohol to a rush event, the 
fratemity's annual harbor cruise. 

Delta Sigma Phi was originally 

suspended for a similar violation of 
the "dry rush" policy. 

Althoughmo tofPiKappaPhi 's 
suspension was upheld at the meet-
ing, it will be pennitted to partici-
pate in IFC spons beginning Fall 
Quarter, 1993. Originally, Pi Kappa 
Phi was banned from all lFCactivi-
ties, including intramurals, until 
December 31, 1993. 

After the hearing, Pi Kappa Phi 
President Andy Chapman was un-
happy with the decision of the Pres i-
dents' Council. 

"Basically, they didn't look 

closely at the evidence. We were 
prejudged again," said Chapman. 

During the meeting, Pi Kappa 
Phi member and spokesman Jarad 
Flinn claimed that the fratemity did 
not violate the IFC's "dry ru h" 
policy on the harbor crui e last Fall 
despite the Judiciary Council's ear-
lier ruling. 

"We were found guilty [for] hav-
ing alcohol [before the crui e] -
these are flat out falsities, these were 
wrong," Flinn said in a videotape of 
the proceedings obtained by the 

See IFe, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

Legislation Streamlines 
Financial Aid Process 
By Rftu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

New federal and tate legi lation 
have made applying for financial 
aid simpler and less expensive by 
mandating a new form and fee struc-
ture this year. 

"The new form is a lot easier to 
deal with," said Andy Shaw, execu-
tive director of University of Cali-
fornia Student's Association 
(UCSA). 

The UCSA helped ponsor the 
Califomia legi lation that changed 
the financial aid proce s. 

111e state govemment consoli-
dated the fomls previously used to 
apply for the Cal and Pel Grants into 
one simplified form, which elimi-
nated many of the applications fees. 

"Previously. UC/CSU students 
would have to spend up to $64 on a 
form:' Shaw said. 

However, the application con-
tains supplemental que tions for 
which a chmge may be as.essed. 

" ( disagree with the addi tional 
charges - I think if should be done 
entirely for free, and we are trying to 
do everything we can 10 make thm 
the case," Shaw continued. 

UC Office of the President 
spokesman Mike Alva said that the 

Friday, Jan. 15: 

UC administration welcomed the 
financial aid changes. 

"It 's good to see that we're head-
ing in the right direction," he said. 

Assistant Director of Financial 
Aid at Muir College Beth Ojeda 
agreed that the new application is an 
improvement over the old form, but 
said " I don 't really know if the free 
form is any impler - it's still a 
pretty lengthy form." 

Ojeda expects that more people 
will apply for financial aid thi year 
than ever before, but not becau e of 
an improved application proce s. 

" I don't think more people will 
apply because of the free form -
but because the economy i in such 
terrible shape," Ojeda said. 

"We have already exhau ted all 
of our funds for this year. We have 
rewarded more students with finan-
inl aid this year than we did last 

year in June:' he added. 
The priority filing period for the 

1993-94 academic year began Jan. 
I and extends through Mar. 2. 

''It 'scrucia.l that student submit 
the form on time to ensure a finan-
cial award," aid Ojeda. 

The new forms can be picked up 
at any of the five college financial 
aid 0 ffices. 

9:00 a.m.: A 39-year-old male was detained for evaluation of whether he was 
a danger to himself. He was taken to the UCSD Medical Center Psych Unit. 
10:00 a.m.: A non-affiliate slipped and twisted an ankle at Canyonview Pool. 
Taken to Scripps Clinic. 
11:19 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a Sherpa Trail G-10 bike from Muir 
Apartment bike racks. Loss $275. 
Saturday, Jan. 18: 
8 :50 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of stereo equipment from 
Scholander Hall. Loss: $700. 
5:31 p.m.: A student reported a burglary to a 1985 WI Golf. Loss: $400. 
Tuesday, .... 19: 
3:40 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a bike rack from a vehicle in Lot 502. 
Loss: $40. 
10:50 p,m.: A student reported receiving a threatening phone call at Pepper 
Canyon Apts. 
Wednesday, Jan, 20: 
8:10 a.m.: Staff reported the theft of cash and checks from the BioMed Library. 
Loss: $25. 
10:30 a.m.: Staff reported the theft of a modem from Bonner Hall. Loss: $ 350. 
1:15 p.m.: A student fell off a bike and possibly broke her elbow in the 
eucalyptus grove southwest of the Central Library. She was taken to Student 
Health and Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
Ttlunday, Jan. 21: 
10:10 a.m,: A student reported the theft of a 1969 WI Bug from Miramar St. 
Loss: $1,000. 
2:30 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a leather jacket from the 
International Center storeroom. Loss: $200. 
3:30 p.m.: An officer report concerning the theft of notes from a UCSD Guardian 
reporter. 
10:45 p.m. : An 18-year-old male non·affiliate was issued a form ordering him 
off campus for 7 days after harassing an employee at Warren College. 

- Compiled by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 25,1993 

ETCETERA .... 
CALVIN" HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

E~ ~1'5 ... 
\ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

I l),1(E t40J~S ~t> 
"\)JKn~ A.I() \I~ ~ 
"5 '1~ R[ME)(~ 
~ -I«W,' ""~ t..1\I1ItG~ 
~ I~ SM.l\\~ 'O.J III. 

IT" ~T ~R~O. 
I 

1\U&~I~. 
OO~r051 
1)«) ~rc>ltRt'5 •. 

I 

~~====~~~~~~=~~~~E~~~=~~E~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

~\Slr 
)Jsr~ 

~o.Q5~ 
I 

r:~ ~ 

U.N~~ I. ~ llAl'£\)I~T 
l\) \I~OElt.S\"~OltIG . 

, . ~. .- ..... -..11 ~ .. ~ .. 
STIll.. 1lt~\t-IG 'J) \DRtol 10 
1U0£ ~T QIC'lC.l£ , E.I\? 

Prof. Named EAP Associate Director 
UCSD Literature Professor Fanny Howe has been 

named to a two-year appointment as associate director 
of the UC Education Abroad Program in the United 
Kingdom and Ireland, starting July 1, 1993. Howe was 
selected from a competitive field of faculty candidates 
from all nine UC campuses. According to the Programs 
Abroad Office at UCSD. approximately 500 UCSD stu-
dents are studying abroad during the current 1992·93 
academic year. 

United Jewish Appeal To Raise 
Funds for Local S.D. Chapter 

The United Jewish Appeal Fund (UJA) is holding a 
fundraiser in order to raise money for the local chapter 
of the UJA. The San Diego chapter will then distribute the 
money to those Jewish people living in other countries 
who want to return to their native Israel. 

The UJA is sponsoring a free catered brunch on 
Sunday, Jan. 31 from 10:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. at the 
International Center. It is open to anyone interested in . 
helping with the fundraiser. A large portion of the 
meeting will be devoted to training those volunteers to 
make phone calls to students during a Feb. 1-4 phone 

bank in order to raise money. 
Donations are accepted directly or raffle tickets can 

be purchased for $5.00. The grand raffle prize is a 
weekend trip for two to Las Vegas. 

RSVPs are requested for the brunch. To make your 
reservation or for more information, call the Union of 
Jewish Students (UJS) hotline at 534-6244 or stop by 
the OffICe of Religious Affairs at MAAC 502. 

Student Health Service. 
Recruits Volunteer AdvOcate. 
. Student Health Services, Health Education, is re-

cruiting for its 1993-94 volunteer Student Health M<Icr 
cates. Next year will mark the 14th year that specially 
trained SHA peer educators have worked with SHS on 
campus to educate other students about nutrition, 
fitness, sexual health and other health issues and 
concems. Interested students must attend one of the 
mandatory orientation sessions either Wednesday, Jan. 
27, 5-6 p.m. at Student Health, Thursday, Jan. 28 from 
noon-1 p.m. at Price Center Cove, or Tuesday, Feb. 2, 5-
6 p.m. at Student Health. For more information, contact 
534-1824. 

The Guardian 

~, '8.;*··'-!w-:" 

.,.." ~ :-:: ~/~~, ~', .... 

fNj ather rsport 
To.t.r~. ~l1~~~ :di; \ ,,\.<4 
~~ ~.; ~ j'~~~ ~~"NJ;~~f,~'~:' wat ... temp: 58· 

Mon: 75·/47' Tues: 75·/47' Wed: 75·/4T Yesterday: 75·/44· 
Source : National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAB.S, Opinion Editor 

JEfF NIESEl, Hiatus Editor 

DUIQN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
IUUlTRATORI: MIcIuI Crott. T.ra EotT. Nath., Enln. Speed Farlls. Jennifer 
HIrt. Dominic LOObIa. AI., L""dlren . Adriano Muiloz. Katie Roe. AI Spona 
DEIHIIIIIII: Joel Arnold. Wilson Cheung. Marcus Lobbla. Christopher Lock. 
Theresa MyftIe 
1'IfOTCHIIIAI'IIIRS: Davt<I cno. Sklart OeO. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Malthews. 
Lori Mitchell . Chuck Nauyen. Jennifer Vann 
COPYItIADEJIS: Michelle Chlan&. Aron Miller. Jessie Springer. Mai-lan Tomsen 
ADYIRl1IIII4I MllSTANT: Tara Eoff 

TIlt OCSD ~ ~ publShed ~.,., TMdays d.,q II1e acadeITic)eW I¥"'" Ix II1e 5IIJder(s 
Ii LCSO. Ae~ Ii lilts ~ In W'f bm. wIleIJler In whOle or In pat wiIho<t pesmi$Slon I. 
.:sicily prohbl<Cl. e lm all nf1IS""""'. DIe UCSD _ ~ rot ,npon.rllle b II1e "",m of 
II\SOIcittd rnnsa1jltS or at. TIle _ e.qm!Od In paphIcs nI """" ietItB or CDI11TI6'Urit. do rot 
necessarItf reose5eft II1e _ 01 n.. LCSD QmIin II1e ~(y 01 C;Ji\:lmia. or II1e AS500aCtCS 
StuoerU. TheIlCSO Qs.WM IS fInle\l SOIety I¥ -rc. I \1011 say W'f!IW'C _ ~. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Man.r 
MICHAEl FOULKS, AcNertislng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdVertising DeSilJler 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

, SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAfF WRITERS: Jenny Gala",. Oan Krauss. Mannew ROOlnson. Brett 
Rhyne, Michael SchWanz. Sheryl wOlcon 
STAfF~: Elaine Camuso, KrIsta Carpenter. Kirsten HalYerson. Billy HwIIn&. 
Chns Jensen. Melissa Jacobs. Gaye Johnson. Ro<lericI< Lee. Wendy McNeill. The<"esa 
Moore. Murall Moort/ly. Julie P .... Paul Phillips. EI)' RaIl.,I. Blair Ridley. KanI Saul. 
Rltu Saxena. Alexa J. Sherman. Julie Sherman. Karen Spieiel. Gre&ory Stepnen;; 

Editortat: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GustrIIM, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
ActuallOCllllOn: Second Floor. UCSD Student Center BuddonC 'A' 

Monday , January 25,1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Noted Science Writer 
Lectures on His Work 

Associated Students Special Election Results 
YesD No D (Constitutional Measures need 2/3 of the vote to pass) 

By Matthew Robinson 
Senior Staff Writer 

Constitutional Measure A: 
Measure would Change number of constitutional 
amendments allowed per academic year from three to 
five. 49.1% ~9'1% Referenda Question 3: 80.9% Which of the following media do you read at least once!! quarter? Wednesday evening students and gue ts of the UCSD 

bookstore were treated to the wit and wisdom of geologist. 
biologist and es ayist Stephen Jay Gould, one of the most 
famous popular-science writers in America. ill Constitutional Measure B: Measure would eliminate class standing requirements In College Senator elections. Media Koala Yes No 318 101 

SO.9% 
Constitutional Measure C: 
Measure would Change Student Advocate from an 
ASUCSD Presidential appointment to a campus·wide 
elected postion. 

Referenda Quest ion 1 : 

25.6% 

@ 
New Indicator 
California Review 
Earth Day Coalition 
Alternative Visions 
Voz Fronteriza 
Abbdabbs 

104 297 
97 298 
73 324 
66 326 
42 350 
34 357 

Gould opened by reading 
from an essay that will be 
appearing in his regular col-
umn in Nafllral HisfOly maga-
zine. Taking time to digres 
from the reading, Gould re-
flected on the art of essay 
writing and his own style. @8 .4% Do you think that student representation to the Board Momentum 31 357 29 359 89,9% of Regents should be from the level of individual UC East/ West HOrizons 

Gould. who has been writ-
ingforNafural HisfOlymaga-
zine since 1974, is an e-sayi t 
on various subjects with par-
ticular emphasis on the his-
tory of science and evolu-
tionary biology. At UCSD to 

campuses rather than on a UC system·wide basis? 
37.7% 

People's Voice 27 365 

Jason Rhchie/ Guart1lan 
Stephen Jay Gould during 
his book signing at UCSD. 

Referenda Question 2: iY 
Should there be one lecture reserved for AIDS/HIV 
education in one of the required general education 
courses at each college? 62.3% 

Han Min Jok 13 374 

Roger KUO/Gu8td'a/1 

promote and sign copies of his new book Ei!:i1f Liffle Pi.~!:ies, 
the sixth compilation of his Natural HiSTory essays, Gould 
reflected that, "there is a problem in America in scientific 
writing. It is very downgraded [because] it is thought to be a 
simplification." 

Two A.S. Amendments Pass in Election 

Gould stated that "in Europe popular science is viewed a 
viable [and] part of the humanistic tnldition." Gould says he 
sees two dominant traditions in popular science writing. The 
first. which Gould described as the " Franciscan" tmdition 
named after St Fr.mcis of Assisi, is characterized by lyrical 
poetry. 

The second. in which Gould includes himself, is the 
Galilean tradition, which involves " seeing the wonder in 
nature" and "writing about intellectual puzzles." The ma ter 
of this writing form, according to Gould. was T.H. Huxley. 

Gould was quite self-effacing describing what he does a~ 
"nothing special. •. I see connections among things. I never 
really thought about it." Gould continued, waxing philo-

See GOULD, Page 10 

By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

Two of Ihe three constitutionalmeasurcs up for are-vote 
in last week's A.S. Special Election passed byexpcctedly 
wide margins. The electioll. which was held Wednesday nnd 
Thursday, was mandated by the Judicial Board last year 
because of an inconsistency between the priming of the 
sample ballot and actual ballot. A two-thirds vote was 
needed to pass the measures. Also included 011 the ballot 
were three student referenda questions. 

A.S . President Mike Holmes said he felt Ihat the~e figures 
reaffinn the original election results. "This cel1ainly puts 
more Istrength] in the . tuden! vote," he said. commenting on 
the similarity in outcome. The tumout at the election was 
poor, however, with only 424 students casting their votes. 
"We didn't expect too much more than thm," Holmes said. 

GfT RfLlfF ••. GfT RfSULTs .•• GET HEALTHY! 

bi.;;lBliJ 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your (ull 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CAll TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
localed at 1·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

BEING-FIT® AEROBICS 

$20 per month on a monthly basis."No Initiation Fee (with this ad) 
• Free weights . Nautilus . Ufecycles • Stairmasters 

BEING-FIT® 3961 CIaIr..-nont MM<I Blvd., Clairemonl $qua. ShoppIng Center near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear 413-929" 
also Iocofed near SOSU (696·17rJ2) 

Two of the th ree student referenda questions on the ballot 
garnered positive suppol1. A question about changing stu-
dent regent rcprc~ent:ltion to a UC campus-wide mtller than 
system-wide basis J1a~sed, as did another question concern-
ing AIDS education in general euucation classes. 

The third question on the ballot was a survey of ~tudent 
media readership. The results showed that the majority of 
students who voted do not read the alternative newspapers 
that are published 011 campus. 

Warren junior Rogelio Fernandez. of \ '0: Fml/fcri: lI, 
commented . " I dOIl'tthinh. it's so much that people refuse to 
read these media. I think it'sjust that thcy can't finli it." 

Gene Chavira, al 'oofll,,: FrollTeri::a. said Ihat the reason 
students don't read alternative media is "basically because 
we are the alternative view and mo~t people don't prescribe 
to it. Peopledon't read. you know that." 

Consider a Small 
Company En vironment 

With Tremendous Growth 
Potential, and Opportunities 

to Work on State-of-the-Art 
Satellite Communications Systems, 

o Communications Systems Engineers 
o Software & Firmware Engineers 
o Digital Hardware Designers 
o ASIC Design Engineers 

Come to our 
Company Presentation 
3:00-4:30 on Tuesday, 9 Feb 93 
at Career ervices Center 



4 OPINION 

great American 
Slale:.m:m once 

~id. 
"Foreign policy i, alway~ the choi e 
of the Ics er evil." We have reached 
an interesting point becau~e 20 or 30 

year~ ago American imervention in 
Somalia would have alfr3cled and 
incitcd the anti-imperialbt !>enti-
mcnts of campu~ r.tdicals and lefli'l 
intellecllmls. To those people. 
Amenca wa, a ~mokc- filled room of 
empire builder~: conllpt. hypocriti-
cal and bourgeoi\ic. 

hoo\ing among Ie,ser evils 
mean, that the world of fordgn 
policy i, nO! '0 forgiving of the 
utopian and unreali,li Ideal> of 
American lefli,m a ... our dOI1lCMic 
pro,perily allow\. II mean~ a diny 
rotten world of small dictator,. rimy 
annie, and ,lid. arms dealers. And 
ultimately. it can ml.!an wars. 

The same ideology that oppo,ed 
the Vietnam war now brislle., al the 
opponunity to help starving 
Somalis. but abo intimate, that the 
United States can solve the problems 
in the B.libn,. During Ihe cam-
paign. Bill linton did suppon air 
strikes. 

T he question b: What can America do? Today we arc spread Ihin. The United 
Slates is a delivery service in 
Somalia and a beat cop making 
rounds in the l owder keg Middle 

Ea~l. Now that we've grown up it 
little from ,i:l.lies nai vele. we ,hould 
contemplate Ihe American role in a 
post-cold \~ar world before that 
same idealism runs rampant nce 
again. Change. if Bill Clinton really 
mean, it . mean~ redefining what role 
and goal<, the Unllcd Stales \\ ill 
c!;lilll . 

Amcf1l:an military and cconornil: 
strength ha, made the nitcd States 
top dog in a one ~uperpower world. 
Lil..e it or not. Ihe United States is 
the global cop. Two points ~eem 
e,pecially imponant if Ihe U.S. is 
going to slIcceed in this role. TIle 
liN is Ihat Ihe United Slates mu~t 
mailllain as its primary goal it, self-

il1!ere~t . which means military 
inlervemion only in specific ca~es. 

Although the United States may 
be able to ontrol or police many 
area~ of the world. it is absolutely 
necessary that America understands 
the urea's hi ~torica l and geographic 
si tuation. As Mexican poet OClavio 
Paz notes. "MoralilY is no excuse for 
hbtoricul under..wnding." The 
,econd point b Ihat America must 
ba lance America' s moral imperative 
\\ ith the protection of foreign a. sets 
and illtcre,I,. 

I cleali~m cloes not belong in global po.liliCS. If Amenca wanl~ to ge t into the aCI of 
making lillie Americas. failure i 
imminent. nfortunatt' ly. part of 
realpolitik is lelling nation be 
respon ible and suffer for their own 
errors. Iraq is a legitim ale concern. 
for in tance. because. as Hussein 
con tanlly reminds u . it i a hungry. 
predatory power in an oil rich area. 
an area that is vital to Ameri an 
interests. 

The UC 0 Guardian 

PINION 
c o M M E N T A R y 

A obal 
Balancing Act 

Like it or not, the United States i the world's policeman, 
and the role require moral and military resolution 

By Matthew Robinson, Sen;or Staff Wrner 

Monday , Junuary 25 , 1993 

[dealism is also dangerous 
because it is so nebulous. [t leads nOl 
to thinking and discussion. but rather 
10 pontificating and blind action. 
Opposition to Vietnam was charac-
terized by uch idiocy. From thi 
lesson. il must be clear Ihat Ihe 
United Stales be whole-heartedly 
prepared to go 10 Ihe mat on th ings 
that are in our interest. 0 more 
pulling OUI so Ihe place can be 
overrun by bloodthir.ay Iyrants and 
utopia-makers. With American 
leade~hip of the United arion. 
America can gain Ihe moral 
upperhand. 

World politic requires both 
moral and military resolution. The 
cold war was Ihe end of an 
idealogical war between freedom 
and communism. But that does not 
mean that those weapons of war (Ire 
gone. The central (lnd unifying 
strength of communism i gone and 
o is the lil..elihood of anned conflict. 

Therefore. the protection of 
American interesl hinge on highly 
mobile and technologically (ldvanced 
armies. Steallh technology and sm. 
both proven in battle. are essential 
components in the Americ;lO arsenal. 
For example. although the F-117 A 
Stealth fighler comprised only three 
percent of the Gulf air forces. it 
accounted for 30 percent of 10lal air 
damage inflicted. 

America mu t understand the 
historical and geographical com-
plexities of a region. a comprehen-
sion Americans generally lack. Not 
only are mo ' t Americans unable to 
identify key areas of central Europe 
or the Middle East. but Ihey have no 
idea of the hi torical importance and 
idea of Ihose peoples. 

And this is nOI limited to Ihe 
(lverage citizen. Woodrow Wilson 
gave away parts of hisloric Austria 
to Italy during the Versailles Treaty. 
American interests cannot afford to 
ignore the peculiar complexities of 
each foreign crisis. Nowhere is this 
more relevant than in the war in the 
Balkans. 

I t i in Ihe interest of the United States. allied with the United Nations, to maintain interna-
tional order. By protecting and 
respecting intern:lIional borders and 
law. America's inlere ts are served. 
Having maniacs run around with 
gun-laden trucks. "cleansing" or 
reclaiming "historic" terrilory is jusl 
crazy. 

By not accepting breache of 
international order. America can 
create a moral atmosphere that 
eltcoriates and ostracizes nations 
based on such power. Thi is what is 
so heartening about the international 
cooperalion again I Saddam 
Hussein. 

We cannot afford bUlla evaluate 
carefully the importance that the 
moral concerns play. The United 
State should not withdraw into 
isolationism nor become intimately 
involved in running other nations. 
Most of all. we should seek to 
cooperate and hare Ihe costs of uch 
a role in a world that needs the 
abilitie of the Uniled Slates. 

Monday, January 25,1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COAWENIARY: The fighting in the fonner Yugoslavia cannot be attributted to ethnic divisions nor condoned by the United States 

FIGHTING A WAR OF MISCONCEPTION 
By Anthony Bajlc 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Atrocities occurring in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
(80 nia-Herzegovina) against Ihe Muslims and 
Croat are described by IheU.S. State Department's 
Human Rights repon as "(dwarfing] anything seen 
in Europe ince Nazi time .'. Still, the U.S. and its 
allies have moved like nails in addres ing the i sue 
diplomatically. The unwillingne to act can be 
anribuled 10 the depth of misunderstanding 
of the history of the region and the nature of 
the conflict. This skewed perspeclive. this 
problem of perceplion, leads 10 
misreadings and omissions of history 
and a "Twilight Zone" of logical fal -
lacies and unfounded assumptions. 

Most insidious and most imponant to 
discard is the nOlion that the fighling in the 
fonner Yugoslavia is the result of complelt old 
ethnic hatreds unleashed following the collapse of 
the centralized communist government. Former 
U.N. Proteclive Force commander General Lewis 
MacKenzie, for example. in an inlerview in the 
Aug. 17. 1992 Tillie magazine aid,"When people 
a k me whom do you blame [for the detention 
campsl. I say, 'Give me the day and lhe month and 
I'lIlell you· ... [ blame both sides." 

The nature of the U.N. peace plan currently 
under negotiations in Geneva illustrates this 
misperception further. inasmuch as the 
cantonization of Bosnia and Herzegovina is 
apparently viewed not as a reward for Serb 
land grabbing. bUI ralher as a prudent move 10 
eparate some volatile ethnic mix to within 

the safe confines of eparate borders. 
[t is a fact Ihat the Balkans have wit-

nes ed a disproponionate 'hare of vio-
lence and dramalic power hifts in their 
hislory, but in hastily trying to educate 
oneself on the history. it is too easy to 
rationalize the cause of the fighting in tenns of 
these conflicts. A vague sense prevails that the 
region is a "powder keg," and it is 
easy to see the barbari m a some-
Ihing all too natural. 

Barely-suppressedethnic hatreds 
could explain an absence of fighling 
among the groups under communism, 
but cannol account for the fact that Mus-
lims, Croats and Serbs have coexisted in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina in hartnony. Intermarriages 
were frequent, godparents were frequently chosen 
from different groups. children associated free ly 
with one another. 

11 is ironic that this mixture of races which is 
loday used to rationalize the bloody conflict in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, was, until the arrival of the 
Yugoslav People's Anny (INA) into the region. 
used as an insurance thaI no conflict could possibly 
louch the region. 

In Croatia as well. prior to World War I. mosl 
ethnic Serbs in Croatia considered themselves to be 
Croatian. Only through persistent propaganda dur-
ing the inter-war period did Serbs in Croatia come 
to identify themselves with the state of Serbia. 
These facts. however. are ignored by people who 
fail to perceive thaI the present fighting has emerged 
not along ethnic lines. but rather along the path of 
the JNA. consisling of 100,000 officers in 1990, 
about 80 percenl of whom were Serbian nationals. 

In Dec. 1990, referendums for secession in 
Croatia and Slovenia, as allowed by the Yugoslav 
constitution. were approved by majorities of over 
85 percent in democratic elections. In Jan. 1991, a 
proclamation by the League of Communists, who 
actually rem the Anny. asserted that the military 
would prevent a breakup of Yugoslavia. The Spring 
1991 date set for Croatian and Sloven ian secession 
arrived. and the Anny asserted that a four-four vote 
in the slill-functioning Yugoslav government gave 
it the right to take over in a legalized military coup. 

In a damnable miscalculation. then U.S. Secre-
tary of State James Baker told cheering throngs in 
the Serbian capital Belgrade in June 1991 that the 
U.S. supported Yugoslav unity and would not 
support or condone Croatian and Sloven ian "sepa-
ratism. " Immedialely. the JNA deployed some 400 
tanks and MiG-29s to hit communication in 
Slovenia. The head of the JNA told James Baker 
Ihat the anny could control Siovenian secession in 
Iwo hours, and called it "The Lillie De ert Storm." 

The Hot Spots 
The United States currently i becoming increasingly involved in 
three foreign conflict 

IRAQ 
In the two years since the end of the Persian Gulf War, Saddam 

Hussein has made more comebacks than Elvis. By crushing 
Kurd resistance and flouting U.N. resolutions, Hussein has 
been a constant thorn in the side of George Bush_ The latest 

showdown in the Gulf was instigated by Iraqi planes 
violating the U.N. no-fly zone and repeated raids across 
the Kuwaiti border. The U.S. also claims that Iraq has not 
dismantled its nuclear capability as required by the 
cease-fire resolutions_ In last week's raids, the U.S. 

military targeted weapons factories and other military 
targets, raising the ire of other U.N. coalition members because 
they were not consulted. President Clinton has vowed to take a 
tough stance toward Iraq, similar to the Bush administration's 
position. 

SOMALIA 
The drought and famine in Eastern Africa threatens 
millions of Somalis with starvation. International aid 

could do nothing to alleviate the famine - food and 
supplies were being seized by Somali warlords. With the 

effects of the drought worsened by an ongoing civil war, the 
U_N. sent a peace-keeping force. headed by the U.S. Marine 

Corps to ensure that relief supplies get through to starving 
Somalis. The U.S. does not plan to intervene in the fighting 
between local warlords. 

THE FORMER YUGOSLAVIA 
The problems between the republics are rooted in eco-

nomic divisions and constitutional and military abuses. 
While Slovenia and Macedonia seceded more or 

less because ofthe failing Yugoslav economy and 
have been relatively quiet since then, grievances 
among the remaining republics have flared up 
violently. Ostensibly to protect Serbian popula-
tions in the other republics, Serbian forces. 
forming the core of the Yugoslav People's Army, 

have occupied land in eastern Croatia and have 
invaded Bosnia and Herzegovina under the command of local 
Serb leaders, carrying out "ethnic cleansing." There is an intra-
republic dispute as well; the formerly autonomous province of 
Kosovo, located within Serbia's boundaries is 90 percent ethnic 
Albanian. Kosovo's autonomous status was violated with impo-
sition of martial law; there have been accusations from both 
sides of violence. So far, the U.S. has managed to stay out ofthe 
conflict, although there has been talk of enforcing the U.N. no-fly 
zone over Bosnia. 

- Reported by Philip Michaels and Jessie Springer 
[ncredibly, the American reaction was to 
send a military attache to Slovenia to ob-
serve the action. 

Encountering comparatively light 
Siovenian resistance. the JNA was forced 10 
retreat from the mountains that had bogged 
down its tanks. The anny forces then entered 
the Croatian fields of Slovenia in Fall 1991. 
Mass defections by Croats, Slovenes. 
Macedonians. and Muslims left the INA 
with its core of Serbian troops. Extensive 
propaganda campaigns then succeeded in 
convincing ethnic Serbs in Croatia that 
Croatian secession was masterminded wilh 
the aim of establishing a fasci st Nazi state. 
Feruful Serbs in the Croatian territory joined 
the INA as bands of undisciplined irregu-
lars. often igniting rebellion from within 
Croatian villages with minuscule Serb mi-
norities. 

Fearful of appearing insensitive to Ihe 
cruelty of Nazi Gennany. no allempt was 
made in the Wesl to counterbalance the 
COnstant references to lhe brutal Croatian 
Ustasha regi me in the World War ll-era 

puppet state. The tragic result was that the INA 
was not clearly perceived as the territorial ag-
gressor il lruly was. Ihe instrument for Ihe 
continual ion of century-old policies of Serbian 
subjugation and quests for Greater Serbia. 

From 1910 onward. there were numerous 
Serbian-inspired altem pts to assassinate Croatian 
officials both in Bosnia-Herzegovina and in 
Croatia, culminating in the 1914 assassination 
of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his 
wife at Sarajevo. Statistics from the post-War 
period seem almost unreal. as the highly indus-
trialized and developed Slovenia and Croatia 
consistently conlribuled the bulk of the 
Kingdom's revenue only to have fractions of 10 
or 15 percent reinvested inlo Ihose regions. 
Police and military offices were similarly 
misproportioned. and Serbian politica[ control 

wa.~ ensured through lopsided elecloral require-
ments. 

An infamou 1928 incident, in which the 
leader of Ihe Croatian Peasant Party, Stjepan 
Radic, wa a sa inated on the noor of the 
Yugo lav parliament by a Serbian deputy, was 
followed by the brutal Serbian Karageorgevich 

regime. Serbian political murders became so 
frequent and so blatant that. as reponed on the 
fro nt page of the May 6,1931 Nell' YvrkTillles, 
Albert Einslein topether with Thomas Mann, 
wrote a leiter 10 Ihe League for the Righls of 
Man, urging a protest against the "horrible 
brutalily which is being prJcliced upon the 
Cro(ltian people." The leiter concluded by urg-
ing that ''The League should muster all pos ible 
aid to protect Ihi small, peaceful and highly 
civilized people." 

During World War ll, of cour ·e. the fasci t 
Croatian USlnsha regime took power. Anle 
Pavelich (a former member of the parliament. 
presentduringtheass;lssinationofSljepan Radic) 
had renounced in 1928 the Parliament and 
founded the Ustasha group. nurturing il in exile. 

The Ustasha.literally representing the views 
of a miniscule fraclion of the Croatian people. 
nevertheless wa~ able to hold power militarily. 
It is overlooked. however. Ih,1I Serbia was also 
under Axis occupation. and Ihat the Serbian 
government under General Milan Nedich 
worked clo ely wilh Nazi officials in making 
Belgrade the first )/ldel/jrei (Jew-free) cily of 
Europe. 

Today. the methods and policies of Ihe Zbor 
(Serbian fascbt regime) have reemerged. With 
the U.N. peace agreemenl in early 1992 effec-
tively preventing Croatian resi,tance. the JNA 
c:uTied ils weapons across the border inlo Bosnia. 
with the 1991 terrilorial ga ins in Croatia ~e­
cured. In a masterstroke of p.r .. 85 percent of lhe 
JNA troops were technically len under Ihe 
control of the Bosnian-S.:rb military leaders. 
while power over :,upplie, and movements was 
maintained in the S.:rbian capital. In media 
references il i~ thus not immediately dear Ihat 
an invading force has occupied the land in 
Bosnia-Herzegovina. an internationally recog-
nized counlry. 

Serbian leaders argue now that indepen-
dence of the territory of Bo,nia-Ilerzegovina 
wa:, maslenninded 10 effect the I:reation of a 
fundamentalist slate largeting the destruction of 
Scrbianculture. Even Ihough historically Croatia 
had suffered far more from the OIlOm<l1l CUI11 -
paign~. Croatia was among Ihe fir~tto recognize 
the sovereignly of Bosnia-Herzegovina. and Ihe 
peoples have been allie~ (de~pite occasional 
,kimlishes condemned jointly by Ihe president~ 
of Croatia and Bo~nia- I Ierzegovina) again~tlhe 
aggressive Belgr(lde regime. Many of the 
Croatian Defense Council's soldiers are Mus-
lims. and Territorial Defense forces of the Re-
public of Bosnia-Herzegovina have a substan-
tial Croatian clement and are led by a Defense 
Minister who happens to beethnically Croatian. 

It is clear that the war in the fonner Yugosla-
via is not an elhnic war, nO! a civi l war. nor Ihe 
result of hatred or fear. How. then. did Ihese 
popular misconcept ions emerge? George 
Kenney. fomler desk officer for Yugoslav af-
fairs allhe U.S. Department of Stale. wrote in 
the Nov. 1992 Washillgloll MomMy that the 
State Department, taking its cues from Bush and 
Baker, deliberately misrepresented the situa-
tion in Yugoslavia. while making Ihe U.S. seem 
aClive and concerned about it. 

It was Kenney 's job to write these pro-
nouncements. 'The trick in this instance was 10 
ignore any facts - whether they pertained to 
atrocities, rumors of concenlration camps, or 
starvation - that would complicate the goal of 
not getting involved." 

Kenney even cite an in tance of deliberate 
U.S. noncompliance with U.N. Security Coun-
cil Resolulion 771, requiring all member and 
human righls organizations 10 submit all male-
rial in their possession pertaining 10 atrocities 
and war crimes. 'The U.S. repon listed 31 
violent act. BUI for five months Ihe American 
Embassy in Belgrade had sent to Wa hington al 
least one cable per day on the situation in 
Bo nia. and each cable reponed up 10 dozens of 
cases of Serbian atrocities. That make at least 
500 incidents lhe department did not forward to 
the U.N .... But senior in the Bur~lU pres ed 
repeatedly to have spoke~men ay that ' all ides' 
were :,hellingeach other. without focu~ing blanle 
on Serbian forces." 



6 The UCSD Guardian Monday , JHnuliry 25, 1993 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

THIS MAY BE 
THE PROGRAM 

FOR YOU ... 
UCLA Masters/Credential Program 

o 

The Teacher Education Laboratory of the UCLA Graduate School of 
Education is pleased to offer a program dunng 1993-94 In which students 
may simultaneously earn a Masters Degree and a Teaching Credential in 
four quarters of study. 

The Teacher Education Laboratory is seeking a diverse group of applicants 
from a variety of multicultural backgrounds and fields of study. Interested 
senior and graduate students are invited to submit applications for the 
Masters/Credential Program before the May 1, 1993 deadline. The Graduate 
School of Education also offers financial aid packages- including the 
prestigious $6,000 Dean's Scholarships- for TEL students. 

For more information and to receive an application form please contact: 

The Office of Student Services 
(310) 825·8326 

l:;:, <-__ ,J 

~ 

~ 
MINOBODY . KNOWS ~ : .~aLINO'S 
Ik'IWYou Like PiZ2.1 AI H~ 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

..c::.. 
~ 
c. 
~ 
~ 
--.. , 
_. 

~ 
:=r 
---
.p. 
.R 
--a 
3 
---;;:T 

~ 

8 
~ 

0 
~ 
-. 

-~ 
t:;-

..cs..' 
c 
~ 
• 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

- FREEfNDI FREE! -r NEW! NEW! 

FREE! 99¢ ! 
GARDEN FRESH SALADsM I NEW DOMINO'S I 

& TWISTY BREAD™''hon I twISTY BREAOTM I 
HlU bu~ .1..Irg" 1 or mono torJ'lng ptJu.1 reguLu prk.'? BONUS' I " T\\ I 1\ Sr.:.J1 Ply l>rJcr OIPP'"~ \olUCI! 1nt.-IlIdt.--.d,! ~99 I I SJ .~ Mtdulm OriS.ft.1 t-topplns pi.LU with this ordtr onl" I rurdw rf'qUtrN k-V Jdl\t"t)". c.uf')\lut or dela\er~" I 

I CALL US! 452-UCSD I CALL US! 452·UCSD I 
~requ .. d Not. "" .... any 11==' Couponrequ.ed """.alel .... "y II-I 0",", off" Uml\ed doI"'-Y If •• to l" I 0"" ""Of. Lmted doltvt<y .... to -, I 0""" .... dn'<1ng Our dnv"" C6fIy ~'S 01,."", salo -nv Our drtY". carry ~'S 
'ISsIhanS2000 ~21793 h ......... ~",lII,.. t ' -. Q I .... flanS2000. Ellpns2r7~. t, ,,, y ... UIwf'l.u,.IAl tt_ G I 

L-_ _____________ ... ___________ .. 

TI calculators 
work harder. 

To help you work 
smarter. 

11-81 A powerful, yet easy,to, 
use graphics calculator. 

SALE $ 86.75 reduced 
from $90.95, while supplies last. 

',ft/·tliSlIPIl ~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Thr UCSD Bookstore Electronics Department • 534-4320 
I fOURS: Mon - Fri, 8 am - 6 pm & Sat, 10 am - 5 pm 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

Mltsublshi Isuzu Acura Dai 
Excel/ent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!g.$55) 
1 . Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle , O. Check undercarriage for 

damages 3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all flUid 

and oil levels 

7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel-injected_ Our major tune up includes: (reg . $150) 

1. CompressIOn test 
2. Valve adJUstment 11 . AdluSI timing 20 Lube front end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: t 2. Adlust dwell angle 21. Check /I replenish all batteries. if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. t 3. Adjust carburetor fluid /I 011 levels 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. Spa,k plugs. t4 . Adlust air IItuel rallO 22. Check electrical syslem 30. Check tire p,essure 
5. O'Stlibuto, points. mi~1lJre 23. Check for loose II lost 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adlust steering box bo~s 32. Check all holders 
7. Air IIlter. 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system II 
8. OIII,lter. 17. Adlust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas IIller. and 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lights 34_ Check exhaust system 
10. Engine 001 19. Checl< II adlust exposed 27. Check undercarrtage 35. Road test 

belts for damages 
Not.· to< 6-cyhnder cars add $20. Toyota Supra •. add $30 Oat'"" 200SX .. "h 8 sp.rk plugs. add S35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 
We replace - Front or rear. 

1 TransmiSSion Input shaft 4 Th',owout beallng I Install speClal new pads Brake iob includes : 
. . or ,nstall rear brake shoes 

seal (e.cept Hondas) 5. P,1o1 bearings 2 Drain old brake flUid 6 Adjust front (If drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6 . New IransmlSSlon 011 3 Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3 Clutch disc 7 Road lest hydraul ic system 7 Replace front rolOr 
Nole HyurauttC parts ar. not COveted Not lor 4WO Fro", wneel 
()we ell1ra 

4 Refill hydraulic fluid seals (If rotor. turn) 
5 Bleed en tile brake system 8 Road test 

Note HydrauliC parts ale not ..,duded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices include parts and labor. 

•••••• • 

8008 Miramar Rd. 

695·1990 
W~h this ad. Expires 2f7f93 

Call for appointment . 

Tuw,nq Jlle rentdl CJr ."",Iablr Mondd~ Flldd, - 30 dm 6 pm Open Saturday. 

Monday January 25,1993 The UC D Guardian 

world population was negatively affected by the 
1982-83 event. 

An EI Nino event this year has affected the 
recent Califomia min and pos ibly the profu· 
ion of tropical stonn and hurricanes. One 

decade ago, ENSO decimated some bird popu-
lations in the Pacific, and waterwann enough for 
marlin fishing was pushed to Oregon. 

"T, ""'k ContInued from page 1. Barnen said that by using predictions of the changes in water tempemture, atmospheric con-ditions can be foretold at least six months in advance. He is working on two-year forecasts. principle of the green-
house effect i notjn di pute," said CRD Director 
Richard Somerville. " It ' as olid as the idea of 
gravity."Without the greenhouse effect, the earth . 
tempemture would approach that of the moon. 

What i in di pute i how far the greenhou e 
warming will be increased by the release of gases 
like carbon dioxide from cars and factories. 

"The concern is not that the greenhouse effect 
is a bad thing, it's that we're modifying it. No-
body que tion that if you change the climate's 
chemistry enough, you will modify the climate," 
Somerville said. 

Data taken by SIO scienti t Charles Keeling 
show a gmdual rise of carbon dioxide in the 
armo phere, indicating that the amount of green-
house gases i creeping upward. However, no-
body knows how that will affect the climate. 

"Suppose the climate i etf-regulatory. Sup-
pose there is orne tendency to resisl violent 
climate change. We'd like to know where the 
edges are. We know that if you kick the model 
hard enough, the climate will change dmmati-
cally," Somerville said. 

How hard humanity can kick the atmosphere 
before it changes is what Somerville and other 
CRD researchers are now studying. 

"The climate has a lot of flywheels. For ex-
ample, the ocean has a high heat capacity and can 
ab orbalotofwanning. Tnlhellext IOor20year , 
we should have unambiguous evidence of cli -
mate change," Somerville said. 

According to Somerville, trees serve as one 
type of climatic flywheel. The Keeling data 
showed seasonal shifts in the amount of atmo-
. pheric carbon dioxide - it turned out that trees 
in the northern hemisphere were absorbiljg addi-
tional CO, during the spring and summer months. 

Another safety net of climate stability may be 
found in the clouds. " In the wann cfimate of the 
future, a weller climate, you speed up the hydro-
logic cycle," meaning there will be more rain, 
more evapomtion and perhaps changes in clouds, 
Somerville said. 

The effect of clouds on the atmosphere is 
unclear, since they could either cool or wann the 
planet . Somerville said CRD Professor 
Ramanathan has found that the main effect of 
ctouds is 10 cool the planet by reflecting the sun's 
light b<1ck into space. However, clouds can also 
act as planetary insulators. " I f you camp in the 
desert on a cloudy night, you know you would be 
wanner than on a clear night," Somerville said. 

1lle properties of clouds can also be changed 

by theirwateror ice content. Using computers to 
simulate the composition of cloud. Somerville 
said he found that the reflecting or absorbing 
properties of cloud vary widely. 

Despite the uncertainties of global wanning 
theories. the climate is certainly shifting con-
stantty. according to Somerville. "We know for 
sure that the climate doe change." he sa id. 

"ENSO events modify the climate on a two-
to I O-year period. We may have a really big one 
every seven or eight years," said Barnett. 

Barnett is atso studying other oscillations 
which occur on a relatively small time scale, 
among them the amOllnl of oceanic freshwater. 

U ing computer modelling. Bamett discov-
ered that tiny. rJndom changes in the amount of 
freshwater in the ocean can affect ocean clIr-
rents, and theref re world climate. "It 's amazing 
that you can change eV<lporation and make a 
tremendous difference in the [oceanJ current. " 
Bamell said. 

Barnett's freshwater research, like much of 
the climate experiments onducted ut CRD. 
involve computer modelling of the climate_ 

A $100, program with Los Al:uno~ Na-
tional Laboratory will allow CRD scienti~t~ to 
use Los Alamos computers for climUie model-

"The basic principle of the greenhouse effect is 
not in dispute. It's as solid as the idea of gravity." 

-RIchard Somerville, Professor of Meteorology 

The c1imme has swung drastically through 
ice ages and hot ages in the past, and small 
osci llation. hake the climate on shoner time 
scales. Among the e variations is the EI tno-
Southern Oscillation (ENSO), a wann-water 
effect responsible for recent Cali fomia rains. 

CRD Research MarinePhysicisl Tim Barnett. 
an ENSOexpert, is one of the scientists trying to 
track climate changes and predict the weather. 
His forecast, though, do not stretch a mere three 
to five days. Barnett 's recent research suggests 
that the climate can be predicted ix to 18 
months in advance. 

"If you try to predictlhe weatherthrough the 
atmo phere, you can't do it more than two 
weeks in advance. In the ocean, by comparison, 
we can predict tropical ocean temperatures and 
EI Nino:' thereby predicting trends in climate. 
said Barnell. 

Barnett 's group has already compared com-
pUler predictions based on data six month be-
fore the 1982-83 EI Nino event to what actually 
happened during the event. He said the com-
puter model was remarkably accurate. 

The prediction of the ENSO is particularly 
important, since Barnell estimates that half the 

ling. according to Somerville. Such computer 
models are being used to pred iCI global wanning, 
but so far wi th limited succes~. However, 
Somerville and Barnett said action should be 
taken to aven wanning. 

"There are three points of view on wanning." 
Barnell said. " [ One viewpoint is thatJ the models 
are right and we don't care about details. The 
other point of view is that cienti sts are making it 
all up to get funds. My point of view is that we 
ought to take action now, such as developing 
alternate fuel sources. 

"Something will happen, but I don ' t know 
what. It 's like Dirty Harry - do you w<lnt to take 
that kind of attitude of 110t reducing greenhouse 
gases, do you feellucky?"Bamen said. He added 
that even ifclouds delay global wanl1ing. altering 
clouds could cause problems. "Changing the 
amounts of high level clouds provokes a tremen-
dous reaction from the tropics." he said. 

According to Somerville, changing resource-
u e habits would make sense without the real 
threat of global wanning. " There are collateral 
benefits. Even after all the research is done, even 
if we're wrong about wanning, it would still be 
good to have energy efficiency," he aid. 

THE GREENHOUSE The collection of atmospheric greenhouse gases blamed for disastrous global warming theories is not in itself bad. 
Without it, the earth would be too cold to support life, but an 
excess of greenhouse gases could make the planet too hot. EFFECT 
~. . "':' 

Infrared energy 
is reflected 
back into 
space from the 
earth . 

Source: The Wearller BOOk/USA TOday. 

Here)s how tne effect works: 

Some of the energy is 
held in by a layer of 
carbon dioxide and 
other molecules. These 
atmospheric ingredients 
keep the planet 30' 
warmer during the day 
and above lunar 
temperatures at night. 

o 
Too much of these 
greenhouse gases, 
produced in excess by 
industry and automobiles, 
may overheat the earth by 
trapping too much infrared 
radiation. 

NEW 7 

PREDICTING THE 
WEATHER 

Forer.asters have been able 
to predict the weather 
accurately only over a short 
time period . Longer fore-
casts have generally been 
extremely unreliable. Now, 
CRD scientist Tim Barnett 
says he can predict trends 
in the weather at least six 
months in advance. The 
following are six different 
ways weather is forcast: 
1.2 hours In advance, 
diviners use satellite and 
earth-bound atmospheric 
data to compute the 
weather fairly accurately, 
with the exception of short· 
lived storms and tornadoes. 
12 to 48 hours in advance, 
forecasters can predict 
movements of large storms 
and systems. 
Three to five days in 
advance, only major storms, 
weather trends and tem-
perature can be foretold. 
Six to 10 days in advance, 
average temperatures and 
rainfall can be predicted 
fairly well. 
Monthly and seasonally , 
only trends in rainfall and 
temperature could be 
guessed at without much 
accuracy. 
Six months to two years in 
advance, Barnett says he 
can use the ocean tempera-
tures to predict future 
weather patterns. He says 
the position of major extra-
tropical pressure systems 
can be accurately predicted 
in this time period . Unlike 
older forecasting methods 
which used data in the 
atmosphere to predict the 
weather, Barnett's model 
uses oceanic data. 
Sources: Tim Barnett/ SIO and 
The Weather Book/ USA Today. 

Ren<! Btuckner/ Guartll/ll 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Rally Marks 20th Year of Roe v. Walk 
ABORI1ON: Planned 
Parenthood and students 
team up for protest 
By KeUy Clambrone 
Guardian Reporter 

About 150 students gathered in 
front of the Main Gym last Friday to 
celebrate the 20th anniversary of 
the Roe v. Wade deci ion that legal-
ized abortion in the United States. 
The rally was organized by pro-
choice students and Planned Par-
enthood of San Diego. 

Earlier in the day, President 
Clinton signed executive orders that 
liftedthegag ruleonfederaUy funded 
clinics, overturned the ban on fetal 
tis ue research, legalized foreign 
abortions on military property and 
lifted the restrictions on the testing 
of RU-486, the French "abortion 
pill." 

"The stroke of the president's 
pen cannot undo the past 20 years," 
said Heidi Minch, the public affairs 
director for Planned Parenthood. 
" Women laid themselve on the line 
so we could make reproductive 
choices without government inter-
ference." 

While the supporters were opti-
mistic about the new president, they 
stres ed that support for women's 
rights must remain strong. 

" The fight isn't over yet:' said 
Amy De Groot, a representative 

Jason RitChiel GlBl1Ian 
Dale Goldman of Planned Parenthood snaps a photo for a collage of 
abortion rights advocates, entitled "Face of Pro-Choice America." 

from Planned Parenthood. "Weare 
not lening down our guard at aIL" 

Roe 1'. Wade was decided 20 
years ago but. according to Minch, 
women have fewer rights now than 
in 1973. 'TIn 1979 the government] 
began the unrdveling of Roe v. 
Wade," claims Minch, .. It i your 
rights that are being taken away." 

Rally participants howed their 
support by signing petitions, pur-
chasing t-shirts and having their 
photos taken for a large wllage Ihal 
will consist of pro-choice advocates' 
portrait . 

"This type of rally is important 
because most people aren't expo ed 
10 speakers until they come on our 
campu." aid Muir sophomore 

Rahbeka Hams. She stressed the 
importance of on-campus rallies in 
order 10 increase the awareness of 
women's rights issues. 

"We slill have legislators that 
pass laws to restrict the right to 
choose," said Cindy Cipriani, a 
member of the California Abortion 
Rights Action League. " You need 
to get involved and tay involved." 

Supportersofa woman's right to 
choose are supportive of Clinton, 
yet they say they won't relax until 
Congres pas es the Freedom of 
Choice Act. 

"Some people are Republicans, 
some are Democrats. We are all 
Americans,"said Minch. " America 
stands for choice." 

'. ' fTTl'''J. 'lr;} ,,,. r fT,. I 
Monday, January 25,1993 

BURNETT: 
Charges dropped 
against UeB Chair 
ContInued from pa&e 1 
cused the cCHlpmembers involved 
of entering the room illegally and 
forced them to leave. 

Burnett claims he was not 
present at the scene and plan to 
file a grievance against Directorof 
Student Policies and Judicial Af-
fairs Nick Aguilar. 

"(The charges resulted froml 
harassment. incompetence, or ha-
rassment and incompetence," 
Bumett said. 

Mort was pre ent when Uni-
versity Center Director Jim 
Carruthers ordered the co-op mem-
bers to vacate the building and 
confirmed that Burnen was not 
present at the scene. Mort, who is 
in charge of pursuing the allega-
tions, decided to drop the charges 
against Burnen. 

"It was a mistake." Mort said of 
the charges. "I think [the mistake) 
was out of Nick Aguilar's office." 
He attributes the action to a "cleri-
cal mistake." 

Aguilar is responsible for mak-
ing the decision on whether or not 
there is enough infonnation to 
warrant charges against a student, 
It is the responsibility of the col-
lege dean to decide whether to 
pres the charges. 

Aguilar declined to comment, 

citing the tudent' right to pri-
vacy. 

In a lenerto Bumen, Mort said, 
"1llere is no evidence to charge 
[Bumenl with violation of the 
Conduct Code for an incident or 
serie of incidents which occurred 
in the North Conference Room of 
the student center September 20-
21.1992." 

Carruthers was cited as the 
complaintant in the memo to Mort, 
which accused Burnett of remov-
ing the door of the North Confer-
ence Room. occupying the roOm 
and refusing to leave when told to 
do so by Canruthers. 

Burnett calls the charges "ri-
diculous"andclaimsthat they were 
motivated by the personal animos-
ity that Carruthers and Aguilar 
feel toward him. 

"This is nothing unusual." 
Burnett said. "They've been do-
ing this for 15 years. Every time 
there's a student they see as a 
problem. there's a grievance filed 
against [the student)." 

Burnen said that although the 
charges were dropped, he is still 
planning some sort of grievance 
against Aguilar with the help of 
UCSD Political Science Professor 
Peter Irons. 

All documents relating to the 
accusations will be destroyed for 
the protection of the student in 
accordance with university poli-
cies, according to Mort. 

Volunteers Needed for 
an Eyedrop Study 

The Divi sion of phthC1lmologyat cripp 
linic and Re ' c< r h Foundation is r cruiting 

participants for an c cdrop tud . 
• Parti ipants mu t hC1VC a histor of pollen 

or animal allergies . 

Recruiting NOW for 
VOLUNTEER 
Student Health 
Advocates (SHAs) 
for 1993-94! 

STUDENT 
HEALTH 
SERVICE 

UnIversity of Califomla, San DIego 

• Volunteers necd to be 18 yea rs oC age or 
old er to qualif . 

• Participilnts com pi 'ting the , tud), will 
re eive $ 150. 

For more in fo rmation, please ca ll Jane ooper 
at ripps linie a t 554-2248. 

~B1J ~NS~tf~(~f Sk!~JtS 

WOMEN, 
YOU'RE NOT ALONE. 

Why? 
Because over 40 million Americans are affected 
with a exuaI ly tran mitted disease, otherwise known as 
an STD. Over three million are affected with GENITAL WARTS. 

NCRC of San Diego i conducting a clinical research srudy on a new 
treatment for external genital warts. 

Qualified volunteers will receive free medical attention which includes: 

• a free medica.l evaluation 

• free Iabomtory tests, including 
a PAP smear and HIV testing 

• free Ludy medication. 

If you are over 18 and think 
you have genital warts, 

call NCRC 
... today! 

(619) 497-0059 

Attend one 
Mandatory Orientation Session: 

Wednesday, January 27, 5-6 p.m. at Student Health Service Lobby 
or 
Thursday, January 28, 12 noon-1 pm at Price Center Cove 
or 
Tuesday, February 2, 5-6 pm at Student Health Service Lobby 

Questions? Call 534-1824, Health Education 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
Daily sorl Lenses E)(Jended Sort Lenses 
B&L Sofl Spin B&L J().I 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas peml. hard Baby btue, hazel & 
Parapenn 02 emerald, green 

30 day follow up. 

• ~ro' ••• 'o ... 1 S.rvlc. 
(Off" .. .."Im JI/I9J) 

• Q •• llty Eyoc.r. 
• R ••• o .. abl. ~rlc •• 

CUIREMON' 
27.&858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5818 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Btvd. 3938 Adam~ Ave. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

~AY. JANUARY 25,1993. PAGE 81 
. 

the 

EHTEHIOH 
'The temple design comes from 
local architect Bill Lewis.The 
basis of the design consists of 
layering squares on other 
squares to fonn octagons. 

A 1he Statue: 

The octagonal theme runs 
throughout the edifice to all 
other elements, including • Mormon temple ~ destined to be San Diego landmark 

W The 14-foot 
statue of the 
Angel Moroni sits 
atop the east 
tower facing 
Jerusalem. It 
weighs 700 
pounds, is 
covered by 23 
karat leaf gold 
and doubles as 
a lightning rod. 

the windows. 

O the Towen: The twin towers are each 198 
feet high. The interior of 
the towers themselves are 
vacant. Standing on the 
fourth floor, a person 
can look up the west 
tower 100 feet and 
up the east tower 
119 feet. 

tm 
InTERIOH 
The temple symbolically rises 
up toward God. Interior colors 
go from dark to light. This 
graduation in ambiance 
represents an ascencion from 
terrestrial to celestial glory. 
Also, the temple design uses the 
concepl of achieving purity 
through simplicity. The inside 
is decorated plainly. Fixtures 
such as vent ducts and 
probUding lamps are hidden, 

B Y J E 1 ell F 0 'V G. G L' A I? D I A I?EPONTEN 

I FYO OO~'TWA;"'1'TOSEEllJENEW S A."I/ DJEGo M ORMON1B1PlE AS YO DRJVE LONG Interslate 5, or ju t aboul any other local road for that matter, you 're going to have to put some effort into it. The building's architectscouldn ' t be any happier th~t it sticks out. The giant. brilliantly white structure. with ils twin towering plfe reachmg mto the sky, has already become one of the area's most vi~ible 
landmarks. and it doesn't open its doors for another few weeks. 

Architecturally. the newest temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Saints doesn't blend in at all with the pa~tel -colored condos. shopping malls and 
other commercial buildings around it. After its dedic,uion in April. it will become 
the 45th Mormon temple worldwide. 

UCSD sludenl~ are confronted with the fonllidable stl1lcture whenever they 
glance across the 1-5. and few have failed to foml an opinion of it. .. It looh like a 

A FIrat Floor: The first floor 
V lies underground. Tons of 
dirt were pushed over the 
bottom floors to make it appear 
as though the building rests on 
a hill. The first floor includes ' 
adminstrative offices, a dining 
area, babysitting facilities and a 
baptismal font Elevators begin 
on the first floor and rise to the 
fourth. 

A ...... Floor: The 
., second floor is also under 
ground. It includes a bride's 
room, a chapel in the east 
tower and a spiral staircase 
that rises to the fourth floor. 

See FAITH , PageS2 

o 

O .......... Font: Twelve statues of oxen, one for 
each of the tribes of Israel, 
support the font on their backs. 

A naild Floor: he first of 
., the build ing's floors to 
appear above the ground, the 
third floor includes a celestial 
room in the east tower where 
church members quietly pray 
and meditate. From the 
celestial room , one can look up 
the tower 100 feet. The third 
floor also has two lecture 
rooms, called endowment 
rooms, where adults learn more 
about their faith. The dark slits 
in the side of the building at 
this level, located just above 
ground level, serve as skylights 
and provide a good portion of 
the light for this floor. 

A Fourth Floor: The more 
W important features of the 
fourth floor include marriage 
rooms and an atrium. 

a TIle Atrium: The atrium Is 
., a lush, sealed-off garden 
located in the center of the 
fourth floor. It is in the shape of 
an eight-pointed star. 



2 Monday, January 25,1993 

There's a lot of questions 

and I've heard a lot of 

strange rumors about it. 

Someone thought that 

maybe there was a rocket 

built inside of it. Others 

asked if only women were 

allowed inside 

JUUE REID 
Fij/h College sopboll1ore 

m 

Continued from page S1 
Disneylandcastle orsomething." observes Muir 
ophomore Jenny Fabi h. 

"Responses to the temple have been phe-
nomenal." declare!. Bill Lewis. the de ign archi-
tect. He ay~ that even before the temple was 
actually lini~hed, there was a continuous stream 
of people who exited off the freeway just to get 
a c1o~er look at what was going on. There were 
approximately 1,000 visitors every week, peak-
ingatclo eto 1Q,000 visitors inju ttwomonth . 
After a hort while, local Mormons decided to 
Maff a trailer outside just to answer the gawkers' 
quc,tions. 

The public will no longer have to gaze quiz-
zically at the temple as they drive by. Soon, they 
will actually be able to go inside and see it for 
themselves. Between Feb. 20 and April 3, the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesu Chri~t of 
Latter-Day Saints will invite the general public 
to tour its new San Diego Mormon Temple. For 
only six weeks. the public will be allowed to 
actually go inside the building and view each of 
the four floors of the grand tructure. Then. after 
its dedication in April, admission to the temple 
will be limited strictly to Church members in 
good standing. 

"It', a on e in a lifetime opportunity." en-
thuses Fifth College 'ophomoreJulie Reid, who 
is Mornlon. " 1 think everybody hould take 
advantage of it. I haven't been inside yet, but my 
friends got to go help clean it today. They aid 
it's rad:' She tresses that to her, it is important 
not ju t to fall in love with the architecture. but 
to focu on the ordinances that will take place 
Inside. 

Dwight MlUlning, a Fifth College junior, 
agrees that the temple is very pleasing to the eye. 
and because he is Mormon, its ignificance goe 
beyond jUM the decorative exterior. "Because 
\t 's a very beautiful tructure. it's something to 
remember your religion by. It reminds you of 
what you stand for. and you think on a more 
frequent basis about God. The temple is a sym-
bol of what you believe. It reflects purity and 
goodness." He believes that its prominent place-
ment in the community will help increase aware-
ness of the Momton faith . 

A member of the Latter-Day Saints Student 

Association (LDSSA), Manning estimate that 
there are about 25 to 30 Mormon tudents on 
campus. He currently attends a church in Del 
Mar every Sunday with some of the other stu-
dents. 

"I look at it and feel guilty because I never go 
to church," says Revelle sophomore Dan Lee. 
Not Just Another Chapel 

The chapels which most Mormon attend 
are very different from the temples, which are 
considered holier places. Because it i more 
sacred. only those members who are in good 
tanding and who are recommended by their 

local ministers will be allowed to go to the new 
San Diego temple. When they are chosen, Mor-
mons are issued a Temple Recommend, which 
i acard that verifie thatthey have met all of the 
requirements. 

For members, going to the temple involves 
making a greater commitment. It is where spe-
cial ordinances, including marriages and bap-
tisms, are performed. Mormons can be married 
either in a chapel or a temple, but the difference 
is that when a marriage is performed in a chapel, 
it is con idered to be a bonding only for life, but 
when a couple gets married in a temple, they are 
thought to be married for eternity. 

Bapti III can be performed in both locations 
as well . But while a chapel is only used to 
baptize the living, the temple may be used to 
baptize the living as well as the deceased. 

"A lot of people think it's weird,like they're 
baptizing skeletons or something, but that ' not 
it at all." ays Reid. "People do research and 
look into their ancestry. They baptize the dead 
by proxy. which means that someone is bap-
tized in their tead." 

According to Mormon faith, a person must 
be baptized before they can achieve what Mor-
mons call "exaltation," a state of salvation after 
death , he explain . They perform bapti ms for 
the deceased to level the playing field for those 
people who never had the chance to be baptized 
during life. 
Rumors and Myths 

Reid hopes that when the public goes to see 
the temple during open hou e it might finally 
clear up some bizarre mi conceptions about the 
building. ''There are a lot of question, and I've 

A Harcourt Brace Jovanovich pub/icalion 

Sherley Anne 
Williams 
Award-winning writer of fiction, plays and 
poetry, Sherley Anne Williams, will read 
from her first bOOk for children, Working 
COl/on . Williams, beSt known for her widely 
accllUmed novel Dessa Rose, is a professor 
of literature and writing al the University of 
California, San Diego. 

Thursday, Jan. 28 
noon to 1 p.m. 
UCSD Bookstore foyer 
534-READ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jason R~chle/Guardlan 
The Monnon temple has drawn thousands of gawkers for years, but construction Isn't even 
completely finished yet. It will open Its doors for the first time on February 20, when tours for the 
curious will be available. Then, on AprIl 3, the doors will close to the general public forever. 

heard a lot of strange rumors about it. Someone 
thought that maybe there was a rocket built' 
inside of it. Others asked if only women were 
allowed inside." • 

Dan Clark of the LOS Church Public Affairs 
Council says that the temple sits on a concrete 
foundation and is just con true ted with regular 
building material s. It takes up approximately 
59.000 square feet, and from the ground level to 
the 14-foot-tall gold-paimed statue on top, it 
tower a full 190 feet , which i the maximum 
height a building is allowed to be in this area. 
Clark laments that they weren . t allowed to build 
it any higher because of zoning restrictions. 

The entire tructure actually only takes up 
about four percent of the eight acre lot on which 
it is built. The church has declined to release the 
co t of the temple, but it is rumored to have cost 
about $24 million. Clark only says that many 
people in the community contributed money 
towards its construction. 

Each of the four floors in ide the building 
has specific earthly and spiritual function . 
Lewis, who worked for about eight years per-
fecting the building's design. wanted it to sym-
bolize a hierarchy of spiritual levels. For ex-
ample, the top floor is where marriage ' take 
place, and the next floor down is where people 
make their personal commitments to devotion. 

"All these different levels serve as a large 
teaching aid. They show that life is a process, 
and you leam as you grow with it. You progress 
upwards in your spirituality. The design vo-
cabulary had to reflect that," says Lewis. 

The temple demonstrates this concept with 
its use of lighting. As a person physically moves 
higher up in the building, there is more of an 
emphasis on light, with more windows and an 
increase in light ambiance. Lewis feels that the 
stairways indicate that life i a time to rise. And 
he ha also constructed the temple so that the 
building materials become more elegant nearer 
to the top. 

''The temple is a very spiritual and special 
place. It is a place of strong emotions and strong 
feeling. I was most concerned with designing to 
expre s tho e things, with omehow finding a 
design vocabulary that would give you those 
feelings," says Lewi . The building ' white-on-

white color scheme is designed to re fl ect its 
intended sedateness. 
Mormon HerItage 

On top of the east spire of the temple sits a 
statue covered in go ld leaf of the Angel Moroni. 
which was recently 'rruck by lightning. The 
Mormon~ believe that this angel appeared to 
Joseph Smith in 1827 and told him about the 
golden plates buried near his New York home. 
Later. Smith tran 'Iated the inscriptions on the 
plates, the whereabouts of which are no longer 
known, into what later became The Book oJ 
Monnon. 

According to Mormon doctrine. Moroni was 
the last per on to have the records in his posses-
sion, in about 400 A.D. His father, Monnon. is 
credited with abridging and writing most of Tile 
Book oJ MormOIl. 

A statue of Moroni is featured atop the east 
spire. of the other MornlOn temples worldwide. 
including those in Los Angeles and Salt Lake 
City. They symbolize Moroni' accomplish-
ments in preserving the important records of the 
foundations of the Mornlon faith. 

Clark says that the visibility of its location 
was a major factor in se lecting the site for the 
San Diego temple. Lewis agrees, saying, "We 
wanted the temple to be a symbol in the commu-
nity. 111roughout history, a religiou building 
would be the most dominant building in the 
communiry. Today, this is harder to find. Soci-
elY lacks these symbols." 

From a city pla~ning standpoint, Lewi say , 
the temple is situated in a fairly dense area with 
high rises all around. and so he felt that it should 
serve as a kind of oasis for the community. 

"I think it's a great location. Just look at it. 
It's awesome. There's a calm, quiet feeling 
about iLIt's an oa is from all the troubles of the 
world," says Reid. 

Temples are typically built where there is a 
larger concentration of Mormons. The San Di-
ego temple will be serv ing an estimated 80,000 
members in this area, including Imperial. Or-
ange and Riverside counties, northern Baja 
Califomia and the greater San Diego area. San 
Diego membership in the church numbers about 
45,000 alone, and church membership world-
wide is approaching eight million. Local Mor-

mon officials stress that they want the public to 
view the MOllllon church as a loving and caring 
ill>titution in which the family i~ of primary 
imp0l1ance. and also as a church which carcs 
about those who arc in need. wherever and 
whoever they might be. 
Open to the Public 

Tours of the temple will be conducted Mon-
day- aturday during the open house period. 
lllOse who an: intere -ted in obtain ing tickeb 
may call (619)720-2-l7-l for the names and 
phone number~ of local reservation coordina-
tors. to arrange group tours and for general 
infonllation. Special times have been set a~ide 
for clubs, civic groups and other organization~. 

There is no charge for the tours. and the 
church does not accept contributions. However. 
because of limited parking. admission will be 
restricted to those holding the complimentary 
tickets. Special parking areas will be available 
during the open house, and a shuttle bus service 
will be provided free of cost during peak hours. 

Manning has offered to help anyone inter-
ested in a tour. and can be reached at (6 19)-l52-
7130. 

Before aClually entering the temple. visitors 
will view an introductory videotape, and then 
pass into an adjacent pavilion which houses 
visual displays that explain why the temple is so 
sacred to members of the Mormon church. Reid 
estimates that the silent tour should last 40 
minutes. Before and after the tour, they will 
have the opportunity to ask questions of the 
volunteerguide . Handicapped parking and lour 
arrangemenb will also be available. 

After April 3, the temple doors will close to 
the general public forever. .. It· s not meant to 
exclude, and it's not a big secret. People just 
have to understand that the temple is sacred. It's 
the house of the Lord," says Reid. 

ERRATUM 
In the January 19 edition of the Guardian, the 
story · An Israeli Soldier'S Story" was 
written by Guardian Reporter Alicia Bell, with 
contributions by Associate Features Editor 
David Snow. 

• r~-~-' 
~ Arlists that listen. Golden Triangle EVERYDAV SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 

I 

DESIGN 

HAIRCUTS 

$ 7 ~,~ .. , ~~~" ~,:,,{,) 
I (I ' , :. j,. I" , • ~. , 

PER M S $5 OFF 
UNIVERSITY 

TOWNE CENTER 
(Across from Mann Theater) 455OUO 

DB. MAR HIGHLANDS 
INext to 'MIefehouse Rea>rd$) m.a.u 

CL6£MONT SQUARE 
(Next to ~S) 214-aOO 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pozza HUll Mh100 

TlERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 and Santo Rd .) -..a 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
WALK INS WRCOME 

MANICURIST AVAILAIU 

I 

L - - """"",. Up. 2/aiU .J 
--------

Before your "ext hair appointme."tlhi"k 
about these questiolls ... 
Q. II h(// 1.\ 1'11 1/1' h(/II ' tI(lIII.~ 

//1(/1 \,(11/ 1/ '(/111 if t:, 

Q. 

Q. 

C (I II/III/II ' tillll/,!!, ~ 

\I /Iill ;s \ '111/1' /1(/;1' 
dll;II.!!. l/l(/I ylil/ d UI/ '1 
11'1111/ ;1/11 II(' d"III.!!. ;. 

\I (./lft! 1'111/ fl~'(' '\11/1/(' 
//lil/g 1/('1/ (///(/ dUli'n'lI/ ;. 

Look you ,- best e,Jer. 
MensCuts 

$4 
OFF 

WornensCuts 
$5 

OFF 

77ct: 
No minimum • 81/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 

ONE DAY 
Enlargements to 24" x 36" 

Mounting & Laminating 
Black & White Xerox copies 8'1/2 " x 11" 

only 4Cl: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 



S4 SPECTACLE 

• Dr • •• I.y O.D. 
v ••• on care 

Serving 
LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east 01 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
------T------i------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES , LENS I 
SPECIAL I, Dall, w .. COIIIpI... , COMBO SET I $89 I I 

INCLUDES I DC Sciern:e I $35.00 OFF I 
• Eye exam EJtIllllll ... c.,IlII 
• Fashion frames I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 

I I combo. Choose from I 
" Precision ground 

lenses S.V. 
B& l04 I Disposables I a large selection of I 

I $99°° I $139 ~~ & I frames and lenses I 
, I e~~~n~:'~~~~p I $3500 I 
I I case . Care 101 • Near Slgh1ed I 0 F F I COMPLET Ak only' Olhel mBpf bands In L ____ =- _L ~k2oupon.,po .. S2J2J93 ...1 ______ .J 

All 92·s on SALE! 
--.;FU'-'. & RALEIGH 

1 5 % 0 F F limited Stock so don 'f hesitate 
• Giro Hammerheads $59.95 
• The Cool Tool $24.95 

Bike lights from S 10 

~Jb 
ViiD 

In the Student Center . Open 10 - 5 Mon - Fri 

-----------

COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

2 for 1 
ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS 

This coupon nO( l'dlKl wirh any O(her offer. Expires ]/8/93. 

STORE HOURS 

I 
• 

M-Th 6:30 am-I 0 pm; F-Sat. 7 am-11 pm; Sun. 7:30 a01-9 pm 
LIVE MUSIC 
~ Fri. & Sat. 8-10 pm 

8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 110 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 

------------------------

Thf' UCSD Guardian 

HHENH 
Photos and Interviews by 

LOIu Mrran:u. 

( sleep and th row up for 24 hours 
before a big exam. 

ALusoN CHANNA 
lII'an-e1l Freshmall 

( play dominos until three in the 
morning. 

SABINA YUN 
W.m7'e1l }'reshmall 

Monday, January 25, 1993 

WHAT 00 YOU LIKE TO 
DO TO RELIEVE S1RESS? 

I go to track practice and run I have no stress to relieve. 
forever. 

DAMON CoLEMAN TAYARI M~ 
ReveJ/ejunior Third College Senior 

I'll usually drink a beer and tllrn I play sPOOI15 a ll night. 
on the I lome hopping nerwork. 

GARY KRAusz MADHu GUYfA 
Revellejunior Wan-en Freshman 

a ActuariaI 
mterns Don't Just 
Crunch Numbers. 
At Transamcrica Ijfe Companies our future i in 
Ihe hands and minds of our aauaries. 

So, we offer an intensive Summer Internship 
ProgrJm that train you to develop, price and 
marker financial security products, and to analyze 
the finanCial re ul tS. Our program includes: 

• Hands·on work experience 
• Staff led seminars 
• Study time ~ r actuarial exams 
• E."(am reimbursement 
• Recognition reception 

Ifyou're a elf·motivated achiever, in pired by 
innOl'ari n and excellence, you'll find the 
challenge rewarding at Transamerica We 
Companies. 

Actuarial Summer Internship Program 
Sign up today at 
Career Services 

for 
On-Campus Interviews 

Friday, Februaty19, 1993 

* TRr\N'A~tERI( A I. LlH' (O,\IPr\ , I~.~ 
\\brking together i . the best polky: 
\\'l' JtQlJ\: ~l'f\ "4.11"'1'" l'lfWl,'!'fl! Iftunlf\ .nJJffinn.I"'· .k'klfl 
'I. 'f1lt'11.nJm" .. ·""Jf\'~"f1Ril.,.. .... Jjte<.II".IflI1II 

9 CALEN DAR 

Monday tJlIough Friday 
• 8 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m.) - The 
OASIS ~ Pmcr- provides assistance 
tostudentswhoaenalivelancuacelsnotEngIis/1 
and to those dolnll WOII< In Japanese. German. 
Spanish. French and VIetnamese. A d iagnostic 
test on wr,tten EngliSh Is available on request. 
Call 534-2284 for Info. 
• 8 a.m.-4:3O p.m. - The OASIS SdIoI.,.' 
WrItln& Workl/lotl prOVIdes free Individual and 
group conferences to aS$lst students with writinc 
projects. SWW alSO offers free word proceS$inll 
fac ilities and computer assistance. Stop by 
YorI< Ha1l40100rca1l534-7344 to schedule an 
appointment. 
• 8 :30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
M.n ... _ Cente, help you this quarter with 
time management. note taking and editinll. 
textbook analysis . memory. flexible/speed 
readl"ll. vocabulary development and GRE/ 
LSAT / MCAT verbal comprehension. Stop by 
YorI< Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a 
personal appointment. Also. Stay on the lookout 
ror those valuable OASIS Study Skills WorI<shop 
and the GRE weekend specials . 

Monday. Jan. 25 
119 a.mA p.m. - Muir CoIIoCe WritlnCPmcr-
Lottery application period for Spnng Quarter 
'93 writing classes begins until Feb. 8 . Fill out 
and submit lOttery "ticket" at HSS 2346 and get 
Information on when to return for lottery results . 
. 3-3:50 p.m. - Lectu .. / NoteUldnc -OASIS 
Study Management tenter. York Hall 4010 . 
Free. Preregistration Is recommended. 534-
7344. 

Tuesday. Jan. 26 
. 3-3: 50 p.m . - Information Proceuinc/TeJrt 
ArwIyslo - OASIS Study Management Center. 
York Hall·4010 . Free . Preregistration is 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Wednesday. Jan. 27 
. 10.10:50 a.m. - PIOdud ... Otpnlutlon -
Classification Charts . etc . OASIS Study 
Management Center. Vorl< Hall-4010 . Free. 
Preregistration Is recommended. 534-7344 

Thursday. Jan. 28 
. 9-9:50 a.m. - Memory TechAlq .... - OASIS 
Study Management Center. York Hall·4010. 
Free. Preregistration Is recommended . 534-
7344 . 

Friday. Jim. 29 
• 4 p.m. - Application deadline lor sprlne 
Internohlps In San Diego. and summer 
Internships on the National level. Applications 
are due by 4 :00 at the A.S. Internship Office. 
2nd floor. Price Center. room 2 .306. For more 
Information. call 534-4689. 

Friday - Sunday 
• - International architectural critics will 
convene at the School of Architecture to 
participate In a public forum: Search for 
Substlnce: C,ltlcll R.II.ctlons on the 
Arclllttctu .. of tile 19800. For In formation cal< 
(619) 534-5305. 

Monday-Friday 
119 a.m.·3 p.m. - WhIIt pe,cenuce of my 
_ICIrt 10 flit? How good are my lungs and 
heart? Am I as flexible as I think? The answers 
to these questions are at FlTSTOP. Stop by 
second floor Student Health to make an 
appointment. It's FREEII 

Monday. Jan. 25 
• 2 p.m. - Why doesn't -Wlthdrawal- work? 
Because uncontrollable pre.eJacullitory "uld 
leaves the penis without either partnerknowing. 
Looking for a new birth control method? Come 
to the Women's Se.ual Health Inro session . 
(Session also on Tuesday 10 a.m .. 1 p.m.: 
Wednesday 11 a.m .. 1 p.m.: Thursday 10 a.m .. 
1 p.m.) Student Health Center. 

Wednesday. Jan. 27 
• 5-6 p.m. - Recruiting now for volunteer 
Student Hellith Advoclltes (SHA) for 1993-
1994. Attend mandatory orientatIon session at 
Student Health Lobby. For Info call 534-1824. 

Thursday, Jan. 28 
• 12 p.m .·l p .m . - Missed yesterday's 
orientation session for new 1993-1994 Student 
Hellth Advoclte volunteers? Attend one 
mandatory session today at the Cove at the 
Price Center. More Info? Call Student Health 
Sellllce · Health Education 534-1B24. 

BEHVJCE~ & 
!uDjlIi~1JDPB 

Mond/lyFrid6)' 
.8 a.m.-4:3O p.m. - SIGI+ CoInputeHeMd 
proCI8m of career Information designed to help 
you clari fy your skillS. values and Interest. For 
more Information. come to the Career Services 
Center. $10. 
• 9 a.m.·5 p.m . - Wom.n ' . Re.ou,c. 
Cent., P .. , Couno.lln, - Fee l like no 
one understands? Women counselors 
trained by Psych . Services available to 
help with crises or l ive support and 
r eferralS for your needs. Confident ial . safe 
space. Walk In or by appointment. Located 
In the Old Student Cen ter Bldg . A. 534· 
2023 . 
• 1:30-4 p.m. - DROP-IN ADVISING HOUItS 
- For help w~h career goals, job hunting. 
resum6 preparation ot eKplotlnll professional or 
araduate schOol opponunltles. No appointment 
needed. just walk In to the Career Services 
Center. 
• MEHTOI! · Gradulltln, this quarter and JOb-
seek In&? We'lI match you with a professional 
In your foeld who will,et you .tartad networking 
In the local job market. Sign up at Career 
Services . 

Monday. )1111. 25 
• 1·2 :30 p.m. - 0 •• 0lIlIIII11 Compulll¥e 
E8tInC - Group for women whO diet and binge. 
Focuson deYeklplnCcopl ... Skills. La~ Equilia 
Luke, 534-3585, and Stephanie Eischen. Call 
for .""""p. 

~·3 p.m . - La ... "", ... y blseu.1 pee' 
counseling with David . 00 you have a question 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & 
let's talk. Located on 2nd floor of Price Center 
In peer counseling office (next to library lOunge 
& Mac's Place). Call 534-3987 for details . 
. 2:30 p.m. - M8rketlble R .... m6 - Learn 
how to make a positive impression with your 

resum~ . Career Services Center. 
. 5-6 :30 p.m . - Adult Chlld .. n of Aicoholico 
Poycho-Educetlon" Su-" Group - A group 
to e.plore growing up with an alcoholic parent. 
Leader: Jeanne Manese. 534-3035. Call for 
slgn.up. 

Tuesday. Jan. 26 
. 9-10 a.m . - RED: Recovertne from Eatlnc 
Diaorders - Peer counselors will meet with 
students who have concerns abOut body Image 
or eating Mblts. A workshop will be organized 
based on interest. For information call 565-
1755. 
. 10:30a.m.-OIH:amerslnte_neSkllla 
for Employment - Using v ideo. improve your 
technique through practice and valuable 
feedback . Pre-requisite : Interviewing SkillS 
Workshop. Sign up at Career Services Reference 
Room. 
• 12 p. m. - Law SchOOl: How to Prepare Ind 
Apply - Discussion on admission procedures. 
applicat ion strategies. LSAT. and school 
selection . Career Services Center. Free. 
• 12·1 p.m . - Lesbian gay biseKual peer 
counseling with Steve. 00 you have a question 
about your se.uallty? 00 you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. Located in the peer counseling office 
(near Mac's Place & Library lounge in Price 
Cntr.) Call 534-3987 for details. 
. 1-2:30 p.m.-Women MoI .. teel .. Chlldren 
- A group ror women sUlllivors of childhood/ 
adolescent sexual abuse. Leaders : Miriam 
losupovlcl , 534-0255. and Jane Parr. Call for 
slgn·up. 
. 1 :30 p.m . - JoII Stlrch 101 - 8011. of all 
jobvacancies are unadvertised. Thlsworkshop 
will teach you the most effective way to find 
them. Career Services Center. Free. 
• 3-4 p.m. - Mind/ Body Connections -
Becoming more aware of stress. self-defeating 
attitudes and habits and leamlni relaxation . 
Leader: Beverly Harju. 534-3755. 412 MMC. 
• 4:3(H; p.m. - Undet&,aduate W_'o 
The,apy Group - A group focussing on 
relationships. self-esteem, assertiveness. aM 
female Identity. Leader: Equilla Luke. 534-
3585. Call for slgrHJp. 
• 6:30.8 p.m. - G,aduate Gar/ .... xu .. 
Men'. Support Gtoup - A safe, confidential 
weekly group for grad students to discuss 
Issues abOut seKuality. Led by Matt. Student 
CntT. -B- lower level conf. room. Call 534-
3987 for details. 

WedneSday. Jan. 27 
• 1 :30 p.m . - lnMrvlewlncSlclIll Wonhop -
Learn techniques required to be successful In 
the Interview process. 
• 3p.m. - Q ........ ~lnfo ......... -
How to prepa .. and apply to PhD/MA/ MS 
programs. Career Services Center. Free. 
. 2·4 p.m. - AIcoIIaI an4 Subetanct Abwe 
drop in peer counseling available with Nancy. 
Price Center. peercounselin&office. 2nd noor 
behind Mac's Place. If you or someone you 
know Is having trouble with alcohol or drues. 
come by and talk with us. We can help. 534-
3035. 
• 3-4 :30 p.m . - Chlc_/., LatinO/I, 
Multicultural Support ~p - A group to 
discuss relationships. familia. parents . 
economics. self"Kpectations and mo,e. 
Leader: can Munoz, 534-1579. Revelle College 
Prov. BlOg. 
• 3-4 :30 p.m . - Graduat. Men'. III' 
Women '. G_p - A IIroup for Braduate 
s tudents Interested In nplorlnB 
relationships . academlc/proress lona l 
Issue.. and personal concerns. Leaders: 
Miriam losupovicl. 534-0255. and Alvin 
Alvarez . Call for siin-uP. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 4-5:30 p.m. - Adult Chlld,en of Alcoholics 
Advanced T .... opy Group - Group therapy for 
students who grew up in an alcoholic family 
environment. Leaders: Jeanne Manese. 5340. 
3035. and Dan Berl<ow. Can for inte",lew. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - LesbIan/ Bisexual Women', 
Su-" Group - We're a confidential weekly 
drop-In group open to all UCSD students. A safe 
& friendly atmosphere where you can openly 
discuss your sexuality. Led by Cheli and Usa. 
Irvine Room. 2nd floor Price Center. Call 534-
3987 for details . 
. 6 :3Q.8 p.m. - Gar/ Bi .. xu'; Men'.Su-" 
Group - We're a confidential weekly drop-In 
group open to all UCSO students. A safe & 
friendly atmosphere where you can discuss 
your se.uality. Led by David & Steve. Student 
Cntr. "8-lowerlevelconf. room. Call 534-3987. 

Thursday. Jan. 28 
. 9 :30 a.m. - P,epertnefor Medl",,1 School-
Academic and career planning Iswes. Career 
Services. Free. 
• 10:30 a.m .·2:30 p.m . - Multicultural Job 
Fal, - Meet Informally witl1 representatives of 
companies who want to diversify their workforce. 
Full·tlme career positions. part·tlme. summer. 
Internships and ~ps offered from a variety of 
fields . 8ringyourresum~. All srudents welcomel 
Free . 
• 2·3 p.m. - Lesbian gay bisexual pee, 
cOUflsellnl with Lisa. 00 you have a quest,on 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & let's 
talk. Located in the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & Library lounge in Price Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 ror details. 
• 2-4 p.m . - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
drop in peer counseling available with Angle. 
Price Center. peer counseling offICe. 2nd floor 
behind Mac's Place. If you or someone you 
know is having trouble with alcohol or drugs. 
come by and talk with us. We can help. 286-
3213 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Soclll Skill. Workthop - A 
group focussing on developing social skills . 
Leader: Lindsay Calderon. 534-0249. Call for 
Info. 

Friday. Jan. 29 
• 11:30 a.m. - M8rkeUibie Reoum6 - Learn 
how to make a positive impression with yOUr 
resum~ . Career Services Center. 
. 12:30-2 p.m.- P.".,..,.n CGmmunlty FonIm 
- Drop-In group addressing concerns of Aslan/ 
Pacific Islander students. Leaders: Jeanne 
Manese, 534-3035. aM Alvin Alvarez. Mountain 
View Lounge. 
• 2-4 p.m. - AlCohol ... d S41bIt ..... e Abu .. 

G~-Supportive environment for discussing 
problems related to alcohol and substance 
abuse. Leader: Dan Munoz, 534-1579. Revelle 
College PrOli. Off. 
. 3-4 :30 p.m. - Reel Therapy Group - A safe 
atmosphere tor members to deal with Issues of 
personal significance. Leader: Dan Berkow. 
534-1725 . 
. 4-6 p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Informal 
group for African-American students. Leader: 
Phil Raphael . 5~252 . Mountain View Lounge . 
• 2·3 p.m. - 1AabI .. PJ bi ...... 1 _r 
coun .. _ ... with Cheli . 00 you have a question 
about your sexuality? 00 you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & let's 
talk. Located In the peer counsellngoffoce (near 
Mac's Place & Library lounge in PrlceCntr.) Call 
534-3987 for detailS. 

Monday. Jan. 25 
. 7 p .m . - LGIA lu.fne .. M .. tl",. -
Get Involved with LGBA - you 'lI make 
frlenos and have a great time helping out. 
Make It your business I Meetings are ~t 
the WRC . 

Tu.Sd.y. JIIf1. 26 
. 12 p.m . - AAMeatInC - Corner or Gilman 
Dr. and Rupertu. Way. MMC 202. In large 
conference room. 

• 4 :30-5 p.m. - University Evento Publicity 
Committee Meet ln, - UEO brings great events 
to campus such 85 comedians. dance troupes. 
bands. and speakers. Interested In gaining 
Invaluable experience In public relations (or at 
least free passes?) Come to our meeting In the 
Santa Barbara/ LA room. or call Jessica at 457· 
2839. 

Wednesday. Jan. 27 
• 12·1 p.m. - Adult Children of Alcoholics 
(loCI.) - 12 step group meeting. Purpose of 
group is towelcome and give comfort to children 
of alcoholics. Free. anonymous and confidential. 
Price Center Admin . 2nd floor above Food Court . 
Irvine Room. Everyone welcome. 753-2106. 
• 3 p.m. - The R.velle Commuler Advltor)' 
Boatd needs people like you. Weekly meetings 
are at the Revelle Provost 's offJce. 
. 4-6 p.m. - All welcomel Student Atllrmatlve 
Action Committee MeetIng. Santa Barbara/ 
Los Angeles room. 
• 5 p.m. - Otllcer Training Workshop -
Through simulation exercises . Interaction. and 
di SCUSSion. officers will develop a more 
comprehensive approach to leadership. S'gn· 
up In advance at SOLO. third floor. Price Center 
or call 534-4090 for more info. 
• 5-6 p.m. - Morehouse/Spelman College 
Exchange Procram - Information session and 
pane l alscussion with students wno have been 
therel All UCSD students welcome. Oceanview 
Lounge. 

Thursday. Jan. 28 
• 5 :30 p.m . - Women', Resource Center 
weekly collective meellng In a safe open 
space tor women . Feminist disc:.J5slons. 
empowerment. pol itical activism. social change. 
support and education. Come hang out. Let's 
learn from each other. Old Student Center A. 
534-2023. 
• 7 p.m. - Alpha Phi Omep. UCSD's coed 
service fraternity meets atMAAC 413-1. Help your 
commun~y while having fun and meeting others. 
Everyone Is welcome and encouraged to come. 

Friday. Jan. 29 
• 7 :30.10 a.m. - Come to the Revelle 
Commuter :"eakfaat at the Revelle Commuter 
Loun"e . All you can eat for half a buck . 
. 12 p.m. - AA Meetlnl _ Cotner of Gilman 
Dr. and Rupertus Way. MMC 202. In large 
conference room. 
• 2 :30 p.m. - Nlltlve Amerle." Student 
"'liMlce (NASA) meets weekly on Fridays at the 
Grove. Come ano get InvOlvedl 
• 7 p.m. - NavI&atOll' "Friday NICIrt Uve" -
P.C. Cove; worship fellowShip; guest speaker. 

Saturday, Jan. 30 
• 9 a.m .. 4 p.m . - AII-Campu. Pro&reulve 
La .... hlp Day - Learn to communicate more 
effectively. to express your creativity. to manage 
your health. and your money. Vou may win a 
dinner with your Dean . Registration Is onlv 55 
and includes lunCh. Register by Monday. Jan. 
25th at any cOllege Dean 's office. Residence 
Life Office. Campus Recreation, or at SOLO 
located on the third floor of the Price Cente,. For 
more Information call SOLO at 534-4090. 

I" \1 I"J' lor rl \~ !:1!: ~u 
IlECI1EHIJDJl 

Tuesclay-Sunday 
• 3-5 p.m. - Three California artists will exhibit 
their work In an elChlbition titled "Conceptual 
ScuIpbn: Body Md ~,. at the Mandeville 
Gallery through March 7. Artworkdisplays "Diverse 
approaches. desW>ed to eliCIt psychological and 
phySiCal reactions trom the viewer. -

TueSday.Sllturday 
. 10 a.m.·5 p.m. (10 a.m.·2p.m . Saturday) -
The workS of 16 Vietnamese-American artists 
will be shown In "Ntw TIfIItory: TIle \/Iatnemest 
Artlet. PIOject 1ItCIM; at the Grove Gallery. 

Monday. Jan. 25 
. 7 p.m. - Graduate student~ Mdbeerperty 
at the Catholic Iouf'Ce next to the Unlve<sity 
Lutheran Church across trom Revelle campus. 

Monday, January 25, 1.993 

. 8 p.m. - An EvenIrC WIllI John MuI, - A one-
man snow abouttheAmetk:an naturalist. spenSOfC(l 
by Jonn MuIrColiegetocetebrateits25tnamlVE!r'Sa'f. 
Aclat.oe Stetsonwilldepict the lamedconse<Vationlst 
in a ronal battieto preserve therieq!l1ngNationai Park 
System he had """pad create. 

Tuesday. Jan. 26 
. 8p.m. - "",*,"-'oForumConcert- Ma1deviIIe 
Recital Hall. Great Classical music. Free. 
• 8 p.m .. 10 p.m. - Korean Cu~ural Festival 
- Film -The Creatlon - with English subtitles. 
Mandeville Auditorium. $4 seniors/students. 
55.50 general admission. 
. 9 p.I1l.·2 a.m.-New late night coffee house 
on campus. "Cafe D,ana at the Che. - Mon· 
Thurs .. 9 p,m.·2 a,m, Good music. Yummy 
baked goods. Spec,alty coHees + teas. Open 
mike ... 

WedneSday. Jan. 27 
• 11-10:30 a.m. - Warren Colleg. Commuter 

B,ea~fast - Here 's your chance to meet fellOw 
commuter student s and discuss commuter 
issues , Second floor literature bUild ing 
conference room. All you can eatl Only 5041 
• 12 p.rn . - Lunch on the Hump -Come out 
and eat lunch with LGBA. Bring Y9ur own food. 

Thursday. Jan. 28 
• 6 p.m . - All you can eat Thursday mght 
supper for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD Catholic 
Commun ity. Come to tne University Lutheran 
Churcn across from the Revelle campus. 

Friday. Jan. 29 
. 8 10 p.m . - Korean Cu~ur.' Festival - Rim 
-Beyond the Mo"ntal~- with EnglISh subtitles. 
Mandeville AuditOrium . 54 seniors/students. 
55 .50 general admission. 

Sarurday. Jan . 30 
. 7 p.m . - San Dlo,o Guns hockoytlckets are 
available now through 1/29 at the Revelle 
Provost's office . 
• IHO p.m. - Korean Cult...,; FestIval - Folk 
Songs. Lyric Songs & Chorus. performed by Hanmi 
Opera Cornpa>y of Los Angeles. Soprano Kim. Hye 
.loon. Mezzo Soprano Sore. Sun K)o\Jrog, KUMC 
QuarteL 55sen1ors/ students. $7 general admission. 

Sunday. Jan. 31 
. 3 p.m. - Two freetours olthe UCSD campus 
are offered \hIs fall by the UCSD Vis,tors Program. 
The bus tours are the first and third Sundays of 
each month from the Gilman Informat<onPavilion. 
The walking tours are on alternate Sundays 
from the Gilman Information Pavil ion. 
Reselllations; call 534-4414. 
. 7 p.m. - ThtJuige Book - ThOmaSW. OISOI'l's 
adaPted version of Rudyard Klpli ... ·s famous play . 
staged by the Chlldren's Theatre Company of 
Minneapolis in the Mandellille Aud~orUn. $14/16 
general admission. $8/10 students . 

Tuesday. Jan. 26 
• 9 a.m . - Representatives of Chriotl.n 
mlnlatrle. at UCSD meet with Fr. Bill Mahedy. 
Episcopal Campus Chaplain : Gallery B at the 
Price Center. 
• 12·1 p.m . - Bible Study - Price Center. 
Santa Barbara Room. 
• 7 p.m. - The Catholic Community at UCSD 
will be hosting ·SUlipolnt Evenlne of P'ayer- at 
the Catholic Lounge. 

Wednesday. Jan. 21 
• 6 p.m. - Supper served to students by the 
University Lutherans. Everyone Is welcorne . 
• 7 p.m . - "StIe ... d Out"- Bible study 
sponsored by Lutheran Campus M inistry. Open 
to all. 

Friday. Jan. 29 
. 12 p.m . - Islamic Friday Prayer In tile Pr1ce 
Center. Fot more Info. call Vueuf at 450.4681. 

Sunday. Jan. 31 
. 10:15 a.m. - LuIher8n -'IIp .... 1ce led by 
Rev. Warren Naegele. hospital and pilson Chaplain. 
• 10:30 a.m.·12 p.m . - UJA's Student 
Campailln will be having a free cat ..... bNnch 
that wlllinciudetralnlnf( forourstudent campaign 
Feb. 1-4. Call the UJS hoUlne 534oe255 for 
more Inro. 



10 NEW 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

James E. Sanfor~ D.ll.S. 
Gcneral, Pn!vcnrati\'c, and osmctic crvices 

J(rI.",d,jr.-lIdJ • • " m.pl,·rr ' IIf lllbo' r .HM. OM, .1J)em 
LA JOLLA VIllAGE PIlOFESS IONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DIL, SUITE 2103 

558-3490 
Tup FI.ur, J,m b.-l,;,111 rll( E/rphnllr Hnr 

EI'fIU//III';;- S,wmlnr 
Ap,.;"w~..,m A l'nt/nW, 

IT DOE, T TAKE A BRAI SURGEO TO 

ACE mE MCAT 
IT TAKES PRINCETON REVIEW STUDE T 

A\\:r,lgl' .'COI"t' ill(/'t'(fSt'oi J{) / )('/'((,11 /"<' pOill/.\' 
Actll :ti .I/e IT 1/ /(/ I('I'iols 
:\0 morL' than I ') ";11/(1('111.1' per class 
2 Fil II L(,II,~/b Di:lgno'til' Tt." l ~ 
2 Hall Lt'II,!!./" Diagno:>l il' T\.·~t ~ 
8-//'ed.' CI)/Illm'h(,I/~/(,(' rl'l'i('/l' of :111 1111.' far" ~()lt'll 

nt.'t.'d 10 acl' thl' .\ r AT 

TH 
PRINCETON 
REVI W 

695-9952 

FREE 
DOZEN 

:Jlowers d! ::7 fis 
o ta Verde Center 

8750 Genesee Ave. 

CARNATIONS 
S,In Dll·gO. 0 92122 

558-6666 
\Ulh I"lJI.hJ\j, ... \ \u", m"h 
'\,04 'JII.I \\Ih Jfl\ ,.hlTuth', 

arren College 
Student Council 
Wants You! 

Positions available: 
Internal - Vice President Internal 

• "" 'e J)(U~ .. cr ." 'orld Wide' 

- Commissioner of Campus Coalition 
for Cultural Concerns (4 C's) 

- Commissioner of Commuter Affairs 
External - Bicycle Circulation Committee 

- Commuter Life Committee 
- Campus and Community Planning 
- Elections Commissioner 
- Financial Aid AdviSOry Committee 
- Registration Fee Committee 
- Student Health Advisory Committee 

Applications available In the Warren College Dean's Office 
(2nd floor literatu re Building). Due Wed, January 27 

by 4:00 p.m, in the Dean's Office. 

I 
I 

The UCSD Guardian 

The "Sun " Is always Tr.-m G_ "an 
shining at ... I 

2TANs$J: 
.... 

One for you, One for a frie~n~d_-::::-. 
Tnt lime clients only WIth lhis coupon lG'fo ,~ 

Lo .. 6" Gu .... nt .... 
gdCOUM' on all 

MCeS 8< pIOducts 
se wittl \lt1D II European Body Wrap--only $48 

--------------------30TAN DAYS$29 

Monday, Janllar. 25, 1993 

IFe: Fraternity 
appeals decision of 
policy violation 
ContInued from PICe 1 
Guardian. Flinn also said that the 
fraternity had a petition of approxi-
mately 40 people. including various 
women and rushees, who testified 
that no alcohol was present at the 
event. 

TIle IFC charged that fr.llcmity 
members and rushees had acces to 
alcohol before boarding the boat, 
Which, according to IFC Head of 

I Judicial Council Steve Mowad, con-
I titutes a violation of fFC policy. 

CoIIJor d.'o,b • 2nd 30 Ian dol" $39.99. 2 month minimum With coupon onlv. up'''' M~ "Pi Kappa Phi did not take any 

Career ServIces and SAA/HRP Present •••• 

2ND ANNUAL MULTICULTURAL 
JOB FAIR 

M96t 9mployers 
for_ . _ .. 
-career Jobs 
·pM-time 
#et>0p5 
-'nt9fTlshlps 

Brfngyour 
f'88UfT'I8_ 

Everyol'lll /8 
wt1IcorrJ8! 

JANUARV 28. 10:30 - 2:30 
Price Center Ballroom 

NAIL SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 • 
np Ov • ...., Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with TI~ $29,99 Reg, $45 

Manicures & Pedicure. $15,95 
Waxing Starting It $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

~ 4 ptlUt~ IIIN AND WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
HoI vllld WIth Ill'( other 011 .. E>cpIm 2I8i93 

Congratula~ions to the 
newesfi~r; - tes of 

We are so prou~ of each and 
every one ofyoufoT yo of 

. . y -. " --/"'-i. 
. '/ 

remarkable achievemens. 
f 

with 

.. together, let us seek 

the heights! 

teps to monitor the amount of alco-
hol at Ihe event," Mowad said. 

He added, "FrJtemities are not 
suppo ed to have alcohol at any 
rush event whether or not there are 
rushees," 

Pi Kappa Phi 's foundation for 
appeal was to question what exact I y 
con tilUteda rush event, and whether 

"We'ye concentrated 
too much power In 
the hands of too (few1 
people, and people 
are abusing H. " 

- Andy Chapman 
Pi Kappa Phi President 

or not activities before a rush event 
were included. 

"You have to draw the line when 
the fratemity has control over an 
event and when it doesn 'I," 
Chapman said during the hearing, 

According to theJudiciary Coun-
cil, witnesses testified that there was 
alcohol present at the parking lot 
and dock leading up to the cruise, 
which would qualify as pan of the 
aCI ual "rush event." 

After the decision of the council 
was announced, Chapman called 
for the IFC to revise it bylaws. 
According to Chapman, six differ-
ent bylaws were violated in the Pi 
Kappa Phi case. Chapman said that 
the Judicial Council of the [FC has 
unlimited power, collects all evi-
dence, did not reveal the names of 
witnesses to Pi Kappa Phi and has 
full sentencing power. 

Only a three-fourths vote of the 
Presidents ' Council can override a 
ruling made by the Judiciary Coun· 
cil. 

"We've concentrated too much 
power in the hands of too [few) 
people. and people are abusing it." 
said Chapman. 

Currently, a comminee is work-
ingon revising !Fe bylaws. accord-
ing to Chapman, 

GOULD: Popular 
science writer lectures 
on his years of work 
Continued from pa,. 3 
sophie, that "whatever you ' re good 
al usually comes very naturally:' 

In describing his own essay writ-
ing, he said that his ability to "see 
connections"oftenturnsintoa weak-
nes , Occasionally hi essays just 
become 100 "baroque. " Not that this 
is Gould's fault because, heclaims, 
"Sometimes Iju t can't stop," This 
garnered the laugh from the audi-
ence, His ability to make science 
aece sible and "persona\" caused 
one audience member to comment 
duringlheque tion-and-an werpe-
riod, "I look forward to a time when 
we will have essayists on our cur-
rency:' 

Monday, January 25, 1993 The UC D Guardian 

Men's Tennis TeanI Gored by 
Cross-Town Rival Toreros 

CONFESSION: 
Drunken maniacs 
perfonning the gut-
wrench suplex 
Continued hom page 16 SEASON OPENER: UCSD shut out 9'{) by Division I USD at Alcala Pari< Sunday 
;md no one's gelling hurt, anyhow. 

By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSO men 's tennis leam 
should think of Sunday's sea on-
opening defeat as a character-bui lder. 

'The Tritons, in way over their heads 
against Divi ion ) University of San 
Diego, were unable to win a ingle set, 
losing to me Division I Torero, 9-0. 

UCSO's RoyGessford lost hismat.ch 
in numberfivesingles,as USO's Darren 
Potkey cruised to a 6-3. 6-3 victory. 

RoWlding out singles play, Triton 
Adrian Cordova was a loser in the num-
ber si.~ slOl, coming up holt against 
Torero Tim Truebenooch, 6-2, 6-3. 

The team ofBetharcI and Cro gave 
USD', Huane and Frederick Axsrues a 
more competitive match before losing 

8-6 in number-one double play. 
Unfortunalely,UCSO'snumberlwo 

doubles team of Yarnell and Brian 
Kaplan couldn't mount a serious thre:lt. 
as the tandem ofPotkey and JJ. Shobar 
bounced the Triton duo, 8·2. 

usn preserved me shutout as Rob 
Seward and Olle Pierrou handled the 
team of Gessford and Ho, 8-3. in num-
ber three doubles action. 

Yesterday's Royal Rumble was a 
ca...e in point. TIle Royal Rumble Slarts 
withtwomenintheringwith anewman 
nlnning in every two minutes. until all 
thiny participants are in the ring. 'The 
only way to eliminaIe a Illan is to lOSS 
him over the top rope. So what you have 
is lxxIies flying and geneml chaos. 

Jeff Bethard, UCSD's nWllber-()ne 
singles player, managed 10 win seven 
games but fell to USO's [gnacio 
Martinez in straight sets, 6-3, 6-4. 

[n number-two ingle, Torero 
Emmanuel Udozorh dispatched 
UCSD' John Cross, 6-3,6-2. 

W. Hoop Wins Two More 
Everyone in my apmtment loved it. 
We cheered like drunken maniacs 

when six men teamed lip to throw 
Y kazuma. a 500-pound Sumo wres-
tler,outofthering.And when Yokazum:l 
to>.'ied each one out like a rag doll. we 
cheered even louder. 1l1ere's some-
thing about the Alllerican psyche thai 
digs violence and pain, especially when 
it's other people who are suffering. Af-
ler all , you can't do a flyi ng dropkick in 
real life, so watching trained profession-
als do it is pro!xlbly the next best thing. 

Vern Yarnell, playing at number 
three, was a 6-3, 64 loser to USD's 
Philippe Hofmann. 

Sophomore Robert Ho, the Tritons' 
number four player, narrowly escaped 
Ihe dreaded "double bagel," losing 6-1, 
6-0 to USO's Mark Huarte. 

By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

TheUCSDwomen'sbasketooliteam 
took its show on [he road. defeating UC 
Santa Om and Mills College over the 
weekend. 

In Friday night's action, the Trilons 
pulverized the Banana Slugs, 79-34. 
Senior Erica Scholl paced UCSD with 

University of california 

Parlez-yous ENGLISH?? 
You can STUDY ABROADI! 
There are no langua. DCICfClUlsftQ in 

many different countries; 

Study In English only: 
Australia Ghana New Zealand 
Canada India UK/Ireland 

'Language Study Required During Term: 
Denmark Egypt Hong Kong Norway 
Indonesia Israel Korea Hungary 

Sweden Thailand 

Earn UC credit laward major, minor and G.E. requirements 
Financial Aid and SchoIarship$ available 

Year, semester, and summer options 
Some applications due Jan. 29, 1993 

Progrlma Abroad Offlee (EAP!OAP) • Intemill0l1l1 Center • 534-1123 

20 points and 12 rebounds. 
UCSD's Saturday evening Illatchup 

against Mills College wasn't a breeze, 
bUllhe Tritons prevailed. 77-67. Once 
again,lhe Tritons were led by the steady 
post play of Scholl, as the 6- I center 
poured in 30 points and grabbed 16 
rebounds against the Cyclones. 

UCSD improved its record to 9-7. 
So as long us OIher men are breaking 

their bones for my entertainment, I will 

THIS YEAR A LOT OF COLLEGE 
SENIORS WILL BE GRADUATING 

INTO DEBT. 

up to a 855,000 limit 

Vnd rtheArmy' 
Loan Repayment 
program, you could get 
out from under with a 
three-year enlistment. 

Each year you serve 
on active duty red uces 
your indebtedness by one-
third or S 1,500, which-
ever amount i gr at r, 

The oifer applies to P rldns Loans, Stafford Loans, 
and c rtain oth r federally insured loans, which are not 
in default. 

And debt relief is just one of the many benefits 
you'll arn from the Army. Ask your Army Recruiter. 

Call1-aOO-USA-ARMY 
ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BE; 

Education Abroad Program 

YOU Can Afford to Study Abroad 
v It's less expensive to study on EAP in many countries 

than to study on a UC campus 

v The stronger U,S. dollar reduces living expenses 
abroad 

v UC financial aid applies while abroad 

v New Federal legislation makes financial aid loans more 
readily available to students and their families 

v EAP provides over $900,000 in scholar hip support. 
complementing UC fmancial aid packages 

v Scholarship are available to tudents not cUlTcnlly on 
UC financial aid 

v Special scholarship funds assist minority tudents 
Invest in your future. You can't afford not to. 

Applications due Jan, 29 for: 
Austria, Canadl, China, Denmark, Egyp~ France, Germany, Ghani, 
Hong Kong, Hungary, India, IndonesIa, Isr •• I, naly, Kor .. , M.xlco, 

Norway, Russia, Spain, SWeden, ralwan, and ThllIlnd, L-____________ ~ _______________________ __ 

For Information, contact the 
Progrlm. Abroad Office (EAP/OAP)olnternltiol1ll Center' 534-1123 

SPOilT II 

be a pro wreslUng fan. I will watch 
Yokazuma fight Breit Hart al 
Wrestlernania lX,and) will continue to 

wa~le my hard-earned money on IhL~ 
ridiculous hobby. 

I'm glad I gOl that off my chest. GOI 
11 problem with that? Because I've been 
pmcticing my gut-wrench sup lex and 
I'd hate to use it on any of you. 

LACROSSE: 
ContInued hom page 14 
more flipped hi s stick from his ri ght to 
left hand and then back again, juking 
the Occidental defender., out of the 
play. Hilsabeck rocketed a ~holilder­
high fireball past the beleaguered Ti-
ger keeper to finish off Ihe play , 

The Tritons picked up three more, 
including Pakter's fOlll1h. to finish. 

Despite the romp. UCSD Ilead 
Coa 'h Mall Iloll11an was c:llliiou, 
aboutthere,uits. "111ere's,lill a IOlof 
work to be done. I'm s'ltisfied with 
the defense, butI'm looking for beller 
execution from our offense," he !.aid. 

Team captain James Hewellc ac-
knowledged the revenge factor. ''To· 
day was definitely a payback day. It 
was a great victory for us and it'll give 
liS a lot of confidence later on." 

p--------. I Enjoy the Juiciest I 
I Burgers in Town I 

:FREE': IBURGER,I 
I When you buy any burger, I I sandwich, or gyros with fries. I 
I your second burg,;)r. I sandwich, or gyros (of equal 
I Of lesser value) is FREE I 
: JEFF'S BURGERS : 
I 2512 Avenida De La Playa I La Jolla Shores 454-8038 
I I Must have sludenllD Exp;,es 2/8 /93 . • 
._-------

H.-York 
Wuhlnston DC 
Ioston 
MuicoCIty 
London 
,aris 
~:~arf:x!t~~~iu~ bM~~~ •• , ,';"-,.,;;;. : ,;;,:,. 
StlJC:knt status may be req lMred 

fur.""'IH. Wiled here. 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Ce:nter(by the: Post Office) 

451·0630 



12 CLA IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911 . (1 /4-61 
3) 
WHALEWATCHING on 
Magdalena Bay, Baja California , 
on chartered 50' x 25' trimaran 
sailing yacht , Feb 1-6 or 22-28 . 
Need 1-3 preferrably non-smok-
ing persons to share expenses of 
about $600 each . No sailing ex-
perience needed, protected wa-
ters (no seasickness) . Great d iv-
ing and windsurfing , too . Get 
there by car or bus . Call or lax 
Jerry(619) 944-0483 . (1/19-1/25) 
Free CasinolKaraoke Night ! 1/29 
Warren Commons 8 p.m. Sponsored 
by Warren Residence Lile, WCSC, 
ICRA. (1 /25) 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargain . 
Thanks for your patronage, 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmai(s ................... 222-0220 
La Sandale .................. 488-1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ 's Pizza .................... 455·0662 
Domlno'S ................... 452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ...... ....... 578-7892 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ............... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ... .. 695- t 990 
Robert's ................... 275- t t 32 
Tom's Master Mech . .450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Att itudes ............ 457-3334 
Nails bv Jennller .......... 560·0325 
UCSD HEALTH" FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ..................... 483-9294 
Family Planmng ............. 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS. 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes 01 La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
Sears Optical ................ 455·5795 
ViSion Care ..... .............. 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UCSD MUSIC &: VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travet .............. 452-0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ....... .. ...... 455-1 000 
MCA T Review .......... .... 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ......... 274-ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill .... ....... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Name 01 the Game (COllllCl) 274-GAME 
St. Germaln's ............... 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
sluliellfS (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (fnade payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m, Mond£JyforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
allY advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For more information 
cali 534-54 1 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Atm: Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topjlOOl: 

Attention Engineering Majors l Ap-
plication deadline lor sumer intern-
ships with HP and NCR is Friday, 
February 19th. Pick up applications 
at the A.S. Internship Office, 2nd 
floor, P.C., Room 2.306.534-4689. 
(1125-2/1 ) 

Volunteer at A.S. Internship Office I 
Gain interpersonal skills, make busi-
ness contacts, learn about resume 
and interview processes. Volunteers 
need only contribute 3 hrs.lwk. 2nd 
floor, Price Center, Room 2.306, 534-
4689. (1125-211) 

Recruiting 1993-94 Volunteer Stu-
dent Health Advocates ! Attend one 
mandatory orientation : Wed. 1/271 
93, 5-6 p.m., Student Health; or 
Thurs . 1/28/93, noon-l p.m., Price 
Center Cove ; or Tues., 2/2/93, 5·6 
p.m., Student Health. Info 534-1824. 
(1/25) 

Help bring the world into focus". Be-
come a Fifth College Orientation 
Leader! Get a job referral from Pan-
time Employment ; for application, 
bring referral to Filth College Aca-
demic Advising , 412 University Cen-
ter. Deadline: Friday, February 5, 
1993, (1 /25) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIP. Gain marketing , sa les, 
customer service, production, 
accounting with the longest proven 
track record. We guarantee $2,500 in 
compensation with vast opportunity 
formore. Call Student Works Painting 
(formerly Student Painters). 1-800-
394-6000. Limited positions available. 
(1 /4-218) 

EARN $500-$1,000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. for details - RUSH $1 
with SASE to : GROUP FIVE, 57 
Greentree Drive, Suite 307, Dover, 
DE 19901 . (1 /4-2116) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most positions filled 
by Feb. Gain val. expo managing 6·8 
employees, customers, and 
suppliers. Avg. eamings 6-16,000+. 
Call ' University Painting Pros: Infol 
appI. CALLSOO-525-5877. (117-3129) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA INCOME 
NOW! ENVELOPE STUFANG -
$600 - $800 every week - Free 
Details: SASE to International Inc. 
1356 Coney Island Ave. Brooklyn, 
New York 11230. (117-2118) 

Balloon-twisting entertainers. 
Excellent pay, flexible hours. Will train. 
(800) 497-1294. (1 /14-1-128) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
$2,OOO+/month + world travel (Hawaii, 
Mexico, the Caribbean, etc.) Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No experience necessary. 
For employment program call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C5976. (1/25-2111) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1 ,000 AN 
HOURI Each membar of your frat, 
sorority, team, club, etc. pitches in 
just one hour and your group can 
raise $1 ,000 in just a few daysl Plus 
a chance to earn $1,000 for yourself ! 
No cost. No obligation. 1-800-932-
0528, ext. 65, (1121 -2118) 

GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY 
Jewish cooed residential camp seeks 
counselors and specialists. Capital 
Camps, located in the beautiful 
Catoctin Mountains, one hour from 
Washington, D.C. offers tennis, water 
sports , nature , arts , video , 
gymnastics, radio, drama, photo., etc. 
If you are interested in the challenges 
and excitement of working with 
campers in grades 3-1 0, we want you 
on our team. Good salaries, great 
lunl Our director will be on campus 
on Feb. 12. For more information and 
an appointment, call 1-800-229-7852. 
(1 /21-1/28) 

.. -

• 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

SUPER BO SUNDAY 
.3 

Preschool D irector wanted for 
nonprofit , parent co-operative, 
multicultural program. BSIBA req'd. 
Send resume to: 0-018 UCSD, La 
Jolla, CA 92093. (1/25) 

PIT Convention Industry Sales Intern. 
Mac experiencelstrongcommunicalion 
skills desired. Ideal for SO or JR with 
desire for advancement into sales 
position upon graduation. $5.SOlhr. 
Jennifer 457-9882. (1125-214) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911 . (1/4-613) 

VOICE/ACTING FOR SINGERS/ 
ACTORS - 42 years , all levelsl 
styles. NY city opera, musicals, top 
clubs, commercials. On a mike/cam-
era voice-over. Special fee: voice & 
piano, organ, guitar. Michael Bondon 
598-5223. (117-211) 

RESUMES. Professionally edited, 
laser typeset. Resume package in-
cludes free interviewing tips brochure. 
PagesPlus 452-1240. (117-1125) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. 
On campus and affordable. Call Mike 
622-1147. (1 /14-3/11) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near 
Sl Germain's. 452-9949. (1/19-00) 

Need typinglword processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. 
I will also do editing if needed or 
wanted. Call Carol 481 -6364 eve-
nings. (1 /19-3111) 

Laserdisc Movie Rental Special $1 . 
Low, low price on laserdisc players. 
LAZER USA. 457-3401 . (1/25) 

Nails need help? CHEAPEST prices 
in USCD area! WA at 455-0046. UTC 
location - Open everyday! (1/25) 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 

Monday, January 25,1993 

LOSE WEIGHT SAFEL YI Personal 
Fitness Training + Nutritional Coun-
seling. Save 20% until Feb. 28th. Call 
now 497-3282. (1125-214) 

Experienced editor cuts dissertation 
dross, exposes gold. WP/ASCII.$151 
hour. Medical, legal. 274-2362.(1125-
1128) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JETI Europe 
- $249. HawaII - $129. New yOft( -
$149. Get your program description. 
AIRHITCH (r) 8oo-397-1 098. (1/25-
2118) 

KARATE + SELF DEFENSE PRI-
VATE TUTOR - Leam practical + 
effective self defense techniques; 
Increase safety, confidence + co-
ordination; Qualified Blackbalt In-
structor; Private lessons in your own 
home. Call Martin 45S-5929. (1/25-21 
4) 

LA JOLLA TAN - Attention UCSD 
Studentsli La Jolla Tan is 1 mile 
from UCSD in the Renaissance 
Ctr . near Rub ios Fish Tacos . 
GRAND OPENING SPECIAL - 2 
PEOPLE TAN FOR THE PRICE 
OF 11 See our ad in this issue or 
call 622-1122. That's LA JOLLA 
TAN. (1125) 

WANTED 
PRIVATE tutor needed for Econ. 
11 0A andIor 12OB. $1 O.OOIhr. Jack, 
558-1384. (1/25-1/28) 

FOR SALE 
Twin mattress set $65. Dinette set 
$150. Sofa & loveseat $200. Futon & 
frame $75. Can deliver 576-8244. (11 
7-211 ) 

Surfboards for sale : 7'6 Byrne and 
other short boards. Call for informa-
tion: 552-0920. (117-1125) 

IBM COMPATIBLE COMPUTER: 
20MB hard drive, 8MHZ dual speed 
capability. Princeton Graphic Sys-
tem Monitor, EPSON FX80 Printer 
and keyboard included . Loaded with 
software (WP 5.1 and DBASE III) . 
$300 o.b.o. Call 756-5491 . (1119-11 
25) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER with 20 
megabyte hard drive, printer, all utili-
ties and manuals, Macpaint, 
Hypercard, Microsoft Word and other 
programs. In excellent condition. $850 
o.b.o. Call Chris 278-1977 (leave 
message). (1/19-211) 

Wilson Profile Hammer tennis racket, 
excellent condition, Sportchalet price 
$230, steal at $135. Mitchell 546-
9081 . (1/19-1/28) 

622·1122 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r-'---I~M~EWt-~omMo~1 
I 1 Q0lc OFF i unllmited ... o friend gets I 
: CIOth~g purCh~~! I FREE MONTH: 

with this coupon. Exp. 1/31/93 I UNLIMITED TANS 
_________ L ~I~~~~ Exp. ~/93 

Monday, Janll ary 25, 1993 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4 
wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 
1-800·436-4363 ext. C-7556. (1/19-
2111 ) 

Quorum Car Alarm - two alarms in 
one. effective, inexpensive, perfect 
for student vehicles . Sean 899-9202. 
(1119-1/25) 

Alpina snowboard boots. Hard boot 
construction. Mens' size 8. Used 
once. $80 o.b.o. Sean 899-9202. (11 
19-1125) 

TI-81 Texas Instruments Graphics 
Calculator for sale with guidebook. 
$55. Barely used. Call Adam 452-
3783 . (1 /25-1128) 

Guitar-nylon string for sale with hard 
case. $90. Great shape. Call Adam 
452-3783. (1/25-1128) 

Nintendo Entertainment System : 
Deck. 2 controllers, zap gun, & 17 
game cartridges - $150 ; 625-0488. 
(1121-1/25) 

TWO CARS: 1988 Mazda 323SE 
hatchback. Excellent condition 
$4650. 1981 Mustang - good condo 
$1650. 455-9682 . (1 /21 -1128) 

Wetsuit: Womens size B. 0 'NeiIl3-2-
1 full suit. Almost new. Very cool. 
$75. Call Morgan 558-7567. (1 /21 -11 
25) 

SURFBOARD - 6'9" tri-fin , good con -
dition , hardly ridden (switched to 
longboard.) $180 leash included. 942-
3350 . (1/21-1 /25) 

CAMERA - Minolta XD-11 . excel-
lent condition, four d ifferent 
lenses, flash , autowinder, tr i- pod . 
lilters, and more ! $480 . 942; 
3350 . (1 /21-1 /2 5) 

B6 Must. 4 cyl AT, PBI PS, AC 
Casso Stereo , runs well 81 K. 
Needs minor body /eng . work. 
Must sell now. $1500/ 0 .b.o . 625 -
0726 . (1/25-2 /1) 

SUPERMAN, Man of Steel #75 (His 
death). $12.50. 429-9179. (1/25-11 
26) 

Moving sale : full size bed (only 1 
year old) , chest of drawers, wood 
kitchen table and three chairs, 
shelves, long blue sofa; avail -
able March ; Call 587-3617 . (1/ 
25-1/28) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted to share room in 
a large apartment. Security bldg , 
wash/dry inside, jacuzzi, full gym, 
racquetball court & underground park-
ing. One mile from school , next door 
to Vons and a park across the street. 
$285/month + utilities. Call Tom at 
457-8123. (1 /11-1 /25) 

Master Bdrm. $370-one person, 
$235-two to share, own bath, washerl 
dryer, pool , bus to UCSD, non-
smoker, non-allergic to cats, avail-
able spring. Call Stacy or Lisa 625-
0821 (leave message). (1114-1126) 

Own room. $250/month . In 
Clairemont. Big living room and fire -
place. 1/4 utilities. Call Karen 541 -
2073. (1/14-2116) 

FOR RENT - New3 bedroom condo . 
$1200/month . Off La Jolla Village 
Drive and Regents Road, near 
UCSD and UTC. Call Robert 558-
2404 or 538-6556 after 5 :00 p.m. 
(1 / 14-1/28) 

Roommate wanted. Own bedroom 
and bathroom. $390 + 1/2 utilities. 
International Gardens. Call Susan. 
457-3037. (1114-1/25) 

DESPERATELY SEEKING : 2 room -
mates individual rooms. $250+ 1/4. 
15 minutes from UCSD in 
MIRAMESA. LARGE PARTIALLY 
furn ished Bi-Ievel house, washerl 
dryer, 2 car GARAGE . BBQ + lots 
more. 693-8322. (1/19-1/22) 

ROOMMATE WANTED : M or F, 
Trieste , spacious upstairs loft avail -
able, furnished if nee., 1/3 cheap 
utilities, share apt. w/ 1 M + 1 F. $245 
through 6/15. Mike @ 556·7535 
(eve) or 457-4200 M-F 12-5. (1/19-
211) 

2 roomrnates wanted - UTC area-
own room $300/month pool, near bus 
line . 455-9308. (1/19-1/25) 

Offering room for rent 4 dayslweek in 
quiet townhome. Walking distance 
campus. $2SO-300/rnonth. 558·8975. 
(1/21 -1/25) 

Need one to share master in 3 bed-
room condo near UTC for $195 plus 
1/4 util. Near UCSD, bus stop, and 
shopping centers . Available now. Call 
455-1278. (1 /21-1 /25) 

BARSAN, RICHARD E, DDS 

La Jolla 
UTe 

Pacific Beach 

Board Certified Oral and 
Maxillofacial Surgeon 

Implants 

Corrective Jaw Surgery 

Wisdom Teeth and General Anesthesia 

100/0 DISCOUNT for UCSD students 
470 Nautilus, &lite 212, La Jolla ........ 459·5565 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 
-- ---$99 BIKER JACKETS 

COSTUMES . 60'5, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 
HAWAIIAN. MiliTARY· TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
rAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11-6:30' 222-0220 ------

TIl(' C D Gllal'dian 

Roornmatewanted,MorF,areaDeimar, 
own room, share bathroom. Room and 
house fully fumished, wash, dr, dish-
washer, fireplace, swim pool, 8min from 
UCSD, 1 minute from freeway, nice 
balcony with excellent view. Rent $375 
+ last month rent as deposit. Call 793-
0259/457-8217. (1125-1128) 

Room to rent UCSD area. $5751month. 
Penthouse apt. with own bathroom. Big 
living space with fireplace, vaulted ceil-
ings. Willing to have two roommates 
share room. Call Megan 546-3989. 
Room is available ASAP. (1125-211) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED: M!F needed to 
share 2 BDRM apt wi easygoing female in 
Ocean Beach. 2 blocks from beach, own 
room,C3!pOII. 4 blocks from Winstons,laJd 
backneighbols, and rintendo + air hockey 
table already provided I All for the low cost 
of $35OImo. CaU 222-9506. (1125) 

Condo for Rent La JolialUCSD. 2 bd, 
2.5 ba, tn-level, 2 cargarage. All ameni· 
ties. $1050. 455-6030. (1125-1128) 

Female roommate wanted-space avail-
able March 15, $335 month + 113 utili-
ties, own room, lots of light, clean and 
studious environment, terrific location 
(UTC), laundry, dishwasher, TV and 
VCR, fumished apartment. pool, ga-
rage ; call 587-36t7. (1125-1128) 

TWO large rooms, house, 5 min . to 
UCSD. $320·$340 + 1/3 utilities. Call 

, 625-0772. (1 /25-211 ) 

Own room + bath $300 + 114 utilities. 
Looking for female non-smoker. Avai l-
able2J1193. 597-0742Judy. (1125-1128) 

MIRA MESA HOUSE: Rent room. 
Female preferred. $300.00 plus utili-
ties. Ved 437-4655. Kathy 695-2140 
evenings. (1/25· 1/28) 

Birdrock2 rooms, $400!each ... fireplace, 
yard, laundry, walk to ocean! Avai lable 
now! 456-7955. (1/25-1128) 

A p P A 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CI.ASSIFIED.' 13 

HELP WANTED 

Administrative Assistant 
Biotechnology Venture Capital Consulting 
Learn the basics of the biotechnology and venture capital 
businesses. Duties include secretarial , bookkeeping, and 
interaction with executives. 
Prefer Chemistry/Biology w/2 years + until graduation. 
GPA 3.3 + . Must be versatile , intelligent, dependable, 
hard-working, computer literate, seil-motivated and very 
good with people. Flexible 5-15 hrs.lwk. $7-$10 hr. EOE. 
Please send resume (no calls, please) to : 
Gary D. Aronson Consulting 
3535 Riviera Drive 
San Diego, CA 92109 
Fax: (619) 270-0757 

Unlimited 
Copies 
3.5C ea. 

8,5 x 11 ·20# wh ile 
autofeed or self serve 

with thiS coupo~ 

MuSI snow student ID. E.plles 2125193 
4150 Regents Park HOW 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
457-1007 

R E L 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

z o N E 
:Factory Out{et C{otliing Stores 

Name brands include: 
• B,U,M, EQUIPMENT • EXPRESS 
• TWEEDS • GENERRA COLLECTION 
• and many other name brJnds too low in 

price to mention 

• Miramar 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

• Pacific Beach 
93] Garnet 
483-5150 

'SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon BI\'d. 
460-4370 

• Escondido 
Escondido Promenade 
737-6167 

-----------------, 
Bring in this coupon and receive an additional 

o Not valid with 
any other offer, % 0 If 
your purchase. 

20 0 '."''''.''-0, 
• Fen., 3. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

----------------~ 



~RI~WIN(J (~O. 
UeSD 
"IGH' Wednesday 

Nights 

---= I 
-'. --- . 

" 

L.----.... ''1he best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla" 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.-Sat, 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 

11 am-2 am • 21Jw student 10 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CALL 456·BREW 
, 

Ca~ C(]py+~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFt:.SSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday t. ( I/C!xt 10 DO/lliflO 'S Pizza) • ,,52-9949 
M·F 8:30-6 p.m. h p 2 / 25/ 93 
SAT. 10-1 with UCSD ID 

----fr::'~n·UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

__ F~~~d~~~~~Y* 
-We .Ilw, . $20 mmimum purchase · ~'uhin 5 mile radluJ of'cumpus 
world wkJ.' 

t:.lp '1.NJJ 
Nol vt,hd "'1lh 
any other ()fTcr 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in th Iblph's Center ; 
Prompt dehvery. 7 d.ly,.1 week. Open dally il ulll ·8 pill 

Self-serve or full-serve, single-sided, 
8.5" x 11" black and white copies on 
20 lb. white bond. One coupon per 
customer. Not valid withothcroffers, 
Expi res 2/8/93. La Jolla k1nko"s 

Kinko' s ... the place to copy 
• Quality copies • Full color copies 
• Macintosh computer svcs. • LB.M. computer svcs.* 
• Poster Sized copics* • Binding & finishing 
• Fax & mailing services • Volume discounts 
• Free pick-up & delivery • 10 San Diego Locations 

• some services may vary by store. 

457-3775 • La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. #301 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 25,1993 

UCSD Gets Fourth In a Row 
MEN'S: Moore scores 62 
points in two wins over 
Point Lorna and Dominican 
By GNU Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Chri Moore i UlJting to take 
th ing personally. TIle senior. named 
a Division m West Region Player of 
the Week last week. didn 't slow down 
at all this weekend as he led the UCSD 
men' basketball ( 11 -7) team to two 

wins, 76-70 
over rival 
Point Lorna 
Nazarene on 
Thursday and 
a 107-73 thra-
hing of Do-

minican Col-
lege Friday to 
give the Tri-
ton s their 
founh win in a 
row. 

Moore led 
all scorers in the win at PL C, drop-
ping in 32 points in a ga,me in which 
he played every single minute. The . 
wi n was a bit of revenge for the Tri-
tons, who fell victim to the Crusaders 
over Thanksgiving. 90-74. But with 
Point Loma's Shawn DeLainre, who 
drilled UCSD for 41 in November, 
out for the season. the Crusaders were 
forced to balance out the offen e. 

Kareem Matthews drives on a PenguIn defender during UCSO's win. 

It worked for a while as PLNC 
took thehalftime lead. 35-34. by"play-
ing great defense. It was a tough game 
becauseoftheirdefense."UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said. 

The Tritons managed to break 
through totakea56-55 lead with 6: 10 
to play. Thegameremaineda battle to 
the end. with Point Loma clo ing a 

~even-point Triton lead to 70-69 with 
27 econds to play. But Moore and 
John Spence iced two free throws 
each to put the game out of reach. 

UCSD returned home to face Do-
minican the next night and were im-
mediately threatened. SOil of, as the 
Penguins jumped out to a 2-0 lead. 
But Spence stalled things off for the 
Tritons by making a turnaround three-
footer and getting fouled. He made 
the charity hot and UCSD never 
looked back. 

Moore didn 't wait long to get 
started again. fo llowing Spence's 
three-point play by nailing a three-
pointer from the left side only 30 

seconds later. It was the first of many 
bullseyes for the niper. as he shot 12 
for 14 from the field. including an 
unbelievable five for five from three-
point range. He ended the night with 
30 points in only 20 minutes of work. 

With nine minutes left in the first 
half. Moore hit a 10-footer to put 
UCSDup33-18.Just 17 seconds later. 
he bombed a three-pointer and then 
dropped another trey 45 seconds after 
that. S pence capped off the 10-0 run a 
minute and a half after it began with a 
fall away five-footer to give the Tri-
ton the 41 -18 lead. 

Kareem Matthews made the 
UCSD highlight film three minutes 
into the second half when he stole an 
errant Dominican pass on the right 
sideline. He took off up the line but 
was quickly trapped by two onrush-
ing Penguins. Matthews put the ball 
through hi legs as he cut inside.leav-
ing the two Dominican defenders, 
MauriceMunsellandEame tRiggins, 
no where to run but into each other. 
Matthews passed to poim guard 

Lacrosse Team Opens 
Season with Victory 
CWB SPOR'IS: Dominate Occidental for 16-2 win 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD lacrosse team opened 
its season with revenge on its mind. 
After Occidental beat the Tritons with 
three seconds to play last ea on. 
UCSD has been looking forward to a 
rematch. The Tritons paid the Tigers 
back in full witha 16-2 humiliation on 
Saturday. 

UCSD got started quickly. scor-
ing four times in the rtr t period, with 
Pete Udovich's goal at the 3:53 mark 
breaking the ice. Dave Pakter picked 
up the second score while Andrew 
Goldman picked up two scores within 
a minute of each other to end the 
period. 

Fre hman midfielder lame 
KapplerledtheTriton 'tive-goalsec-
ond period attack by picking up two 
score. at2: 18 and 4: 12. 

With a 9-1 halftime lead. UCSD's 

offense looked almo t complacent to 
begin the third quarter. The Tritons 
had plenty of opportunities, but 
couldn' t punch it in. Meanwhile the 
UCSD defense was denying the Ti-
gers during the few times Occidental 
actually controlled the ball pa t the 
center line. 

Pakter made his third goal of the 
game and the first of the second half 
for UCSD nine minutes into the third 
quarter. The ophomore looped 
around from the left corner into the 
cemer to fire a low shot past the 
Occidental keeper for the 10-1 lead. 
The Trilon picked up two more in the 
quarter and started thefounh up 12-1. 

Kappler provided the a i t on 
UCSD' s 13th score when he passed it 
off to Brent Hilsabeck 20 yards out 
Hi! abeck cut left and up the middle. 
only to run into two Tigers. Thesopho-

See LACROSSE, Page 11 

Rodney Lusain. who was streaking 
up the right ide. Lu ain gave it right 
back to Matthews who found an open 
Andy Swindall under the hoop forthe 
layup and a 61-40 lead. 

The rest of the game was merci-
fully quick as the Tritons continued to 
pull away. The Tritons broke the 100-
point barrier with I: 14 to play when 
Matt Minnehan launched an inbounds 
pass to Brian Capella. who had 17 on 
the night. who laid it in. 

Another Triton starting to make 
an impact is transfer Michael Lewis. 
Lewis, who joined the team overwin-
ter break, hasn't quite grasped the 
UCSD system yet, but has the physi-
cal skills to become a major force for 
the Tritons. Lewis had 10 points in as 
many minutes. including a thunder-
ous one-handed slam with 23 seconds 
to play that put the crowd on its feet. 

"We played defense the way we 
were supposed to," Marshall said. 
;OWe could run anything we wanted 
to. but the key was that we attacked 
them." 

ContInued from page 16 
with a service ace by Tyson Kerr and a 
missed kiU by the Aztecs to pull the 
score to 9-4. 

However, that was as many points 
as the Tritons would get in the game, as 
SDSU played near-perfect volleyball to 
win, 15-4. 

The Tritons managed only five kills 
in the last game, as opposed to a com-
bined 26 in the first two. 

Travis Ferguson also played a very 
strong game for the Tritons, collecting 
three kills. seven digs, and two service 
aces. 

Kerr chipped in three digs and one 
service ace to go along with his eigtu 
kills. 

UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde had 
some encouraging words for his team. 
"We played with a lot of heart and we 
didn't flinch. We executed our game 
plan in the ftrst [game] but we lost our 
concenlration as to what we were doing 
on the cour," he said. 

The Tritons will tackle the Univer-
ity of the Pacific tornOlTOW night at 

5:30 p.m. in the Main Gym. 

Monday, January 25, 1993 The UCSD Cuardian 

WHERE DoES My $13.50 ACTIVITY FEE GO? o Adminislralion $91.091 
Each quarter, every student pay as 13.50 $600,000. The activity fee is allocated to 

activity fee. to be allocated by the A.S. Coun- fund over280 student organizations. the vari-
cil. The A.S. passes its budget each spring for ous campus media, the A.S. Services. the 
the following fiscal year. The chart shows the College Councils, and to support Ihe A.S. 
1992-93 annual budget, which totals over operations, including Programm ing. 

ll'lI'Campu Medi a 
$57.050 

• College Councits 
$31 .150 

o Commillee for World Dcmocmcy 
$20.120 

o Execulive & COUllci t Operating 
(Including Elcclions) 

22. 16% 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in 
the Student Leadership Cham-
bers, Price Center, Third Floor. 
Come and get involved!! 

How HAVE FEE INCREASES 
AFFECTED YOU? 
The student regent is looking for 
student profiles and persona l. 
stories of how recent fee in-
creases have affected them. 
Those interested may 

Au CAMPUS PROGRESSIVE 
lEADERSHIP DAY 
Learn to communicate more 
effectively, to express your 
creativity, to manage your 
health and your money. And top 
off your day by possibly winning 
a dinner with your Dean! $5 
registration fee includes lunch. 
Register by Monday, January 25 
at S.O.L.O. or your college 
Dean 's office . Call 534-0501 
for more information . 

drop off typed profiles/ 
stories at the A.S. 
External Affairs office, 
Price Center, Third 
Floor. Call 534-4450 

KOALA FEST 
for more information. 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
FUNDING 
Spring Quarter student organiza-
tion budget requests are due by 
4:30 pm on Friday, February 5 
with the A.S. Receptionist, Third 
Floor, Price Center. 

SUN GOD FEsTIVAL 
THEME CONTEST 
The Sun God Festival is just 
four months away! Do you have 
ideas for a theme? If you do, 
drop them off in the Sun God 
Chair mailbox on the third floor 
of the Price Center- You could 
win a great prize! For more 
information, come by the A.S. 
Programming office, Price 
Center, Third Roor; or call 534-
4450. 

SPECIAL OFFER! 
You are formally invited to 
indulge yourself in the relaxed, 
convivial and comfortable 
surroundings of what has 
become widely recognized as La 
Jolla's leading Full Service 
Salon, Salon de Noie. Proceeds 
benefit ASUCSD, and invitations 
can be purchased from the A.S. 
Finance Office, Third Floor, Price 
Center. 

IS COMING ... 
FIFTH COMMUTER BREAKFAST 
Free breakfast for commuters 
every Wednesday, 8:30 - 11:00 
am in the MMC 412 Commuter 
Lounge. 

NEW OFFICER 
TRAINING WORKSHOP 
Wednesday, January 27 at 5 pm 
in the Price Center Cove. 
Through simulation exercises, 
interaction, and discussion, 
officers will develop a more 
comprehensive approach to 
leadership. Sign up in advance 
at S.O.LO., Third Floor, Price 
Center, or call 534-4090 for 
more information. 

PRE-MED CLUB MEETING 
Come hear the dean of admis-
sions of UCSD Medical School 
speak about how to get into 
medical school. Wednesday, 
January 27,7-9 pm, the Cove 
at Price Center. 

RACISM AND THE DEATH PENALTY 
Come to a panel discussion 
Monday, January 25, 7 pm in 
Warren Lecture Hall 2205. 

1-1.-1 5 

$11JJO 
o External Affairs 

$31.570 
o Mundalcd Reserves 

$57.105 
• Progmntnting 

$1-11 1 11 
o Pubtic Relations 

$16.950 
o Services & Enterprise 

$60.018 
o Simlent Organi /Jtliolls 

$117,500 

SAHAJA YOGA 
MEDITATION PROGRAM 
Sunday, January 31, 11 am in 
the Davis/Riverside Room, 
Second Floor, Price Center. The 
program is free and open to the 
public. 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Clubs and organizations, have 
your group photo taken by a 
professional, free! February 9 , 6 
- 8 pm, Price Center Gallery A. 
Buy a personal ad for as low as 
$20. Meetings Tuesday, 6 pm, 
new members welcome. Earn 
money, become a commis-
sioned salesperson. For more 
information, call 534-7491. 

FREE UJA STUDENT CAMPAIGN 
BRUNCH 
Join us at the International 
Center on Sunday, January 31 
from 10:30 am to 12 noon for a 
free, catered brunch to help 
train volunteers for our February 
1-4 Student Phone Campaign. 
Come and learn about a free 
prize trip to Las VE:lgas! For 
more information, call the UJS 
Hotline at 534-6244. 

UJA STUDENT CAMPAIGN 
Join us the evenings of February 
1- 4 as we make phone calls to 
help raise money for Jews all 
around the world. Volunteer to 
make calls and give your dona-
tion. Location to be announced. 
For more information, call the 
UJS Hotline at 534-6244. 

'WHAT MAKES ME A JEWISH, 
LESBIAN CHICKEN WRITER' 
Writer and performance artist Jyl 
Lynn Felman will read stories 
from her newly released collec-
tion Hot Chicken Wings, on 
Monday, February 1, 7:30 pm in 
the Price Center Theater. 
Discussion and book signing 
will follow. For more informa-
tion, call 534-2023. 

15 

he first film reveals the uncomfortab Ie 
uths behind battering through indept 

with women who stay and 
the men who abuse the m. Meet the 
people who had the courage to change 
the pattern of their Lives and get help. 
1990;90 min. Battered Wlh es, is an 
unflinching drama foclIsing on t 
situations of family violence. In one , 
the wife of an ambitious lawyer is an 

target for her impatient husband. 
In other, a couple find s that alcohol 
turns their happy marriage into an 
inferno. Commenlator: Betty White. 

of the Ce nter for' Womens 
dies and Services. 

Frid Jan 29 in SLH 107 at 7 

Thursday and Friday Movie 
, 

PRICE CENTER THEATRE 

JAN. 28 all 29 
Thursday: 6:30 9:00 11:3 

I Friday: 8:00 
t:ic:'~et:s : 
$1 i .... :aclv-:a .... ce 
$2 day <> •• sh.:.-vv 
Free Popcor .... 

ASUCSD Pro rammin and the C. S.A. 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
WE' VE MOVED! 

The Volunteer Connection is now Located on 
Ihe second floor of the Price Center! Our phone 
number is still 534- 141 4 so stop by or call for 
information on how you can volunteer in the San 
Diego community. 

Planning for "Hands On San Diego" is begin-
ning! This is a community service awareness 
event that takes a lot of preparation. There are six 
positions available: Director of Promotions/Pub-
lici ty, Director of SponsorsJDonation~ , Director 
of Entertainment/Decorations, Participant Re-
cruiter, Director of Operations/Logistics. and 
Historian. If you are interested. call Sushi at the 
office for more information. 

Hunger and homelessness in today 's world is 
a reality. Help alleviate these problems by partici-
pating in Hunger Awareness Day. February 27. 
Great group activity! For more infomlution .ask 
for Molly or stop by the office. 

A.S. Newsflashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary 's office, 
third floor. Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 



T 

16 SPORT 

PHILIP 

MmELS 
Confessions Of A 
Wrestling Fan 

We all have a dark side, a seedy 
underbelly that only emerges when the 
ligh are out, the shades are drawn and 
no one' looking. We all have our 

~t shames and our guilty pleasures 
- be they illegal, immoral, unethkal 
or all of the above. And I'm n 
ex eption to the hideous rule. I have 
my own sinister lu t, which I have 

~uppressed all these years. But now ... 
now I can keep the secret no longer. 

My name is Phil. And I like 
professional wre tling. 

ow. I'm n t just saying that I 
occasionally wat h it when there' 
nothing else on but re-run of Sheriff 
Lobo - no, I watch it,l remember. I 
love it. I can tell you who was 
Intercontinental Champion of the 
World Wrestling Federation (WWF) a 
year ago tit was Rowdy Roddy Piper). 
I can tell you the difference between a 
piledriver and a gut-wrench uplex. I 
can tell you when and where 
Wrestlemania IX wi ll be held 
( t!.'lW·s Palace, Las Vegas on April 4 
- tickets are still available). 

nd just to let you know how truly 
depmved I am, I was willing to plunk 
down $24.95 in ~ound U.S. urrency to 
watch the Royal Rumble on pay-per-
view ye.<.tcrday. 

I ~un truly a. .. hamed of myself. 
It's tough being a pro ~tling fan, 

a.,> I along with millions of others have 
Jiscovered. We live our liVe! in lonely 
I!\ile, hoping that no one ever find!. out 
that we get excited every time Nature 
Boy Ric Aair ~laps a figure-four 
legl k on some unsuspecting jobber. 
While we watched thc Royal Rumble, 
a couple of my friend~ joked that we 
sh uld c10~ the urtains - we 
wou Idn 't want the neighbors to see us 
like this. 

Because, after all. when omeone 
finds outthutl'm a wrestling fan. I 
might as well be run out of town on a 
rail. "So you like wrestling," they 
neer, their eyes rolling, their voices 

dripping with sarcasm. "You realize 
it's fake, don't you?" 

What? Pro wrestling i fake?!! My 
God! I the President aware ofthi ? 
The next thing you're going to tell me 
i that the Beatles have broken up and 
that D3Jlh Vader is Luke's father. 

Anyone with a semi-decent sensory 
app3f'Jtu and an IQ in the double 
digits knows that pro wrestling i a 
scam - all the moves are planned, all 
the matches are booked. all the pinfall 
are carefully scripted But that isn't 
point. that isn't what makes wrestling 
enjoyable. The point is. well, I don't 
know what the point is, all right? But 
answer me this - in any other port, 
can you see two 3 pound men 
beating each other within an in h of 
their lives? Of unless Olarles Barkley 
and Stanley Roberts are playing one on 
one, you can't. 

Wrestling is the numero uno sport for 
upscale white trash like myself for one 
l>imple reason: watching violence is fun, 
especially when the violence i pretend 

See CONFESSIONS, Page 11 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 25, 1993 

Jason RitcIl/e/ Guan1Ian 
Matt Brigham (9) and Steve Kremser get the block on San Diego State here, but they couldn't block the Aztecs from a victory, 

Aztecs RollOver Tritons 
MEN'S VOLLEYBALL: UCSD drops 
home opener in three games to San 
Diego State, l5-9, 15-5, 15-4 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

Th UCSD men' volle ball team dropped its 
1993 h me opener on Saturday night against cr 
town ri al San Diego Stmc in three traight games, 
15-9, 15-5, 15-4. 

Using the ftred-up home crowd of nearly 500, the 
Tritons played a very trong game, but fell short, 

15-9. 
The Aztec jumped to a 4-

I lead with strong blocking by 
John Ro and Phillip Jack-
son. 

UCSD narrowed the defi-
cit to 84 when SDSU was 
called for an illegal bockcOUJt 
attacker violation later on. 

Two traight illegal for-
mation call against the Az-
tecs pulled the Tritons to within 
one, at 8-7. 

Unfortunately, that was as 
close as UCSD would be all 

night. Impressive kills and backboard-like blocking 
by the Aztec ftnished the Triton off in the ftrSt game. 

For a short while in the second game, it looked as 
though UCSD would continue their strong play, as 
the Tritons jumped out to an early 2-0 lead. 

That lead soon di ' ipated as the Aztec ("'dilled off 
seven traight points to grab the lead at 7-2. 

The Tritons appeared to lose their concentration 
midwaythroughthesecondgame,andSDSUcapital-

Jason RfII:IlIe/ Guan1Ian 
Mitchell Yap goes for the kill on Saturday. 
ized with a virtual blowout. 

The high point for UCSD in the second game was 
the work of Tom Black, who had a string of four 
consecutive kills. Black ended with a team-high 13 
Kill on the evening. 

SDSU continued to increase its lead over UCSD 
in the second game, and closed them out 15-5 as Tom 
Black hit a shot that sailed out 

The Aztecs' Division I poWer' shined through in 
the third game, as they controUed the tempo through-
out with a perfect combination of killing and block-
ing. 

SDSU continued their domination in the third as 
they ruised to a 9-2 lead. UCSD showed resilience 

See M, VOLLEYBALL, Page 14 

1I1e Week Ahead 
The Headline Matchup: Men's volleyball w. UOP, Tuesday at 5:30, Main Gym. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S lENNS: The Tritons 
opened their season with a 9-D 

loss to cross-town rival USD on 
Sunday, ,.11 

MEN'S BASKEIBALL: Chris 
Moore led the way with 32 points 

as UCSD got past Point Lorna, 
76-70 on Thursday. Moore then 

scored 30 in only 20 minutes 
during the Tritons 107-73 romp 

over Dominican College on 
Friday, ,....14 

, 

Chuck NlUYen/Guanfsn 

Other Games: Women's basketball vs. Christ College of Irvine, Thursday at 6 p.m., Main Gym. Swimmire and diving vs. Kenyon, Saturday at 11 a.m., Canyonview Pool, Men's tennis at Cal Poly 
San Luis Obispo, Friday. Men's basketball vs. Christian Heritage, Friday at 7 pm" Main Gym. 


