
Elsewhere 
Student Regent· 
DesIgnate Confirmed 
SAN FRANCISCO - Darby 
Morrisroe took her seat Feb. 
18 in a cushy wivel chair at 
the UC Regent 'meeting 
table, feeling confe edly out 
of place. The 21-year-old ut 
Davis senior was formally 
appointed la t Thursday to 
succeed Student Regent Alex 
Wong when hi term expires 
July I. The regents welcomed 
Morri roe onto the board, 
saying he had been recom-
mended "wholeheartedly." 
Currently director of ASUCD 
State Lobby, Morrisroe wa 
elected from among 44 

applicants from all nine UC 
campuses. 

Teach-In Turns Into 
Protest for Students 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
teach-in planned to edtlcate 
tudents about the impact of 

ri ing fees became a protest 
march when UCSB students 
were told they could not make 
amplified speeche in front of 
the library. Concerned Students, 
a group which has held a 
number of events to draw 
attention to student is ues, 
began an informational 
gathering in front of the library 
two week ago when the crowd 
was notified of the campu 
regulations to move the protest. 
Univer ity Librarian Jo eph 
Boisse explained that the library 
had no choice but to report 
Concerned Students. 

Gay Issues Discussed 
At UCD Conference 
DA VIS - Bearing the title, 
"UC u Everywhere," UCD 
hosted a gay i ues conference 
focusing on ways uccessful 
gay. Ie bian and bisexual 
organizations within individual 
UC campuses may be used a 
models for y temwide changes 
in communicating the issues. 
Panel topics included domestic 
partnership, homophobia in the 
classroom, and the possibilities 
of a gay curriculum. 

Inside 
I 

GOING UP 
SPECTACLE: SomeUCSD 
grads have gone far. Now 
they take a look back. 51 

SPORTS: Men 's basketball 
defeated Bethany College 83-
74 on Friday. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
UGHTS & IHEN .... .......... ... 3 
OPINION .............................. 4 

PECTACLE ......... ............... 1 
CLAS IFlED ...................... 12 
SPORT ................... ....... .... 16 

T H E c 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22,1993 VOLUME 78, T UE 15 

Student Fees May Top $4,000 Next Year 
BUDGET: Regents also discu sed cutting staff salarie 
by 5 percent to off et $243 million budget shortfall 
By Daniel Kurtzman 
California Aggie 

of the Pre ident expenditures as well 
as across-the-board pay cuts, in-
cluding the alaries of top officials. 

take a pay cut "as a last resort" in 
balancing university's budge\. The 
concession was detailed in an Aca-
demic Council resolution drafted 
Wednesday. 

In addition to a fi ve percent cut in 
salary and other benefit s. under the 
plan faculty and staff will not re-
cei ve a cost-of-l i ving adjustment for 
1993-94. although :I two percent 
merit increase for faculty is still on 
the table. 

. In an effort to "spread the pain," 
the UC Office of the President and 
the Board of Regent have devel-
oped a working plan to balance the 
1993-94 budget, which include a 
tentative additional tudent fee in-
crease of $440. 

Seeking to maintain "excellence 
and acce s .. to the University of 
California in the short run, faculty 
al 0 agreed to bear some of the 
burden of budget cuts, preparing to 
take a one-time five percent salary 
cut, a faculty representative an-
nounced Tuesday. 

Thi latest fee increase comes on 
top of the $605 increase deferred 
from this fi cal year. Under the out-
line of the budget scenario, which 
insiders characterize as optimistic, 
undergraduate student fees will top 
$4.000. 

"We cannot avoid inflicting some 
pain on evety memberofthe univer-
sity community - faculty. students 
and taff. We can only try to mini-
mize the pain and be as fair as pos-
sible." said UC President Jack 
Peltason. 

Other facet of the plan, pre-
sentedat the regents' meetingThurs-
day in hope of mitigating the $243 
million budget hortfall, involve re-
duction in campu and UC Office 

W. Elliot Brownlee; chair of the 
UC Academic Council, told the re-
gent that the Academic Senate will 

A $440 increase. UC officials 
said, would generate $66 million in 
additional revenue. $22 million of 
which would be eannarked for fi -
nancial aid. 

U h~ been 'currying to find 
the be. t options to accommodate its 

See FEES, Page 7 

A LETTER OF AMNESTY 

Dan I 
Shawn Gregg and Jim Porter write letters for UCSD's Amnesty International during 
Saturday afternoon's event which also Included four bands. 

Campus Bicycle Thefts on the Rise 
CRIME: Thefts rise almost 15 
percent so far this year after a 58 
percent rise in thefts last year 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

Bicycleshavejoinedcarson the Ii II>fquickly 
vanishing mode of transportation. This year is 
already outpacing last year's record 255 tolen 
bicycle . 

Last year had a 58 percenl increase in the 
numberofbicycles stolen on campus from 1991. 
In 1993, there has already been a 14.8 percent 
increase over last years' thefts. 

As of Feb. 9, 3 I bicyc les were reported stolen 
this year, five more than thi time last year. The 
UCSD Police Department attributes this in-
crease in thefts to a rise in the number of people 
using bicycle as their primary mode of trans-
portation. With the limited amount of parking as 
well as the parking fee increase, it has become 
more economical for people to ride their bi-
cycles to school than to drive. 

According to UCSD Police Officer Russ 
Reuther, "there were more people on bicycles in 
1992 than in 1991, and more people on bicycles 
this year than in previous years," based on a 
survey conducted by the UCSD Parking Depart-
ment on campus bicycle rack usage. 

UCSD police are currently distributing fliers 
to students and employees listing safety precau-
tions they can take to prevent their bicycles from 
being stolen while on campus. 

"We recommend a good U-Iock made of 
case-hardened steel," Reuther aid. 

A U-Iock requires more time and ski ll to 
detach, which serves as a deterrent to potential 
bicycles thieves. Of the 255 bicycles stolen in 
1992. only 20 of those had a U-Iock, according 
to UCSD police statistics. 

Bicycles locked with chain or cables ac-
counted for the most thefts in 1992 (36.4 per-
cent). According to Reuther chain or cable locks 
can be cut in 10-20 second with bolt cutters 
which can then be easily hidden in a pocket or a 

See. THEFTS, Page 7 

Court Denies 
Restraining 
Order for DeB 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego Superior Cou\1 dented Uni-
versi ty Center Board ( B) Chai r Chris 
Burnett 's request fo r a temporary restmining 
order to block the CSD administmtion' s dis-
solution of the UCB last Friday. 

The administration ,aid the ruling will al-
low the universi ty to finL<;h sett ing up the new 
advisory board that is scheduled to repJace the 
UCB. Burnell ..,aid that while the decision is a 
setback. the is~ ue is far from over. 

At the same hearing, the court decided to 
hear the former UCB 's lawsuit against the UC 
Regents and a numberofUCS D administrators 
on April 2. 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph 
Watson, acting on advice from Deputy UC 
General Counsel Gary Morrison, "dis-estab-
lished" the UCB on Feb. 4 in response to the 
UCB's legal action against the univer ity. The 
board filed a complaint in Superior Court last 
November in an attempt to gain control over 

See UCB, Page 7 

Bicycle Theft at UCSD 
Circumstances under which 
bicycles were stolen . * 

U-tock used 
Not locked 
up at ali 

Locked to a tree 
or staircase 

Locked up with a 
chain or cable 

<Numbers may not add up to 100% because of rOUnding 

Roger Kuo/ Guardian 



2 NEWS 

Symposium Discusses 
Genocide in Bosnia 
YUGOSLAVIA: Humanitarian relief worker and a 
native Croatian give their perspective on the conflict 
By Terri Dugan 
Guardian Reporter 

The results of on-going ethnic 
civi l war in the Balkans and pos-
sible Solulions for peace were ad-
dres ed in a symposium titled 
"Genocide in Bosnia" Thursday 
night. 

A large part of the symposi um 
was given by Ex-
ecutive Director of 
the Southwest 
Medical Team 
Barry LaForgia, 
who is in chargeof a 
relief effort bring-
ing medical supplies 
to the Balkan state. 

Based in San Di-
ego. the S uthwest 
Team collects up-

narrator of the documentary likened 
the situation to Nazi Genmany and 
showed the bodies of people that 
had been tortured and killed in 
"mindless bombings." as well as 
mass graves and piles of bodies 
awaiting burial. 

Following the video, nativeCroat 
Ante Pitesa. who live. currently in 

San Diego, spoke 
emotional ly about 
lhecauses behind all 
the violence. He 
said that the war first 
started in Croatia 
but wa ended by a 

:- - United Nations 
_ mandate. Shortly 

thereafter. the 
erbian started the 

\liar with Bo nia. 
"The Serbians plies from compa-

nies here and then 
ships them to safe 
bUI needy areas of 
Bosnia and Croat ia. 
LaForgia ha~ sur-
vived sniper :lI1d ar-
lillery fire during 
IwO lrips to B snia 
over the la~t nine 
month:,. and hal. de-
livered se emlm il-
lion dollars' worth 
of medicine and 
other supplies dur-
ing the visi ts. 

" [The Serbian 
attacks on 
Bosnia are] 
stronger people 
Imposing their 
way on weaker 
people .•. the 
only reason 
[Bosnians] die Is 
that they are 

claimed it was reli -
gious - [which 
was)notlrue ... [be-
cause I intermar-
riages are common 
lbetween Muslims 
and Christian J. The 

erbians also 
claimed that the \liar 
was based on his-
toric ethnic feud 
but " there are no 
ethnic lines, only 
lines of tears and 
blood." Pilesa said. 

"Every dollar 
donated is con-

not Serbians." He added that 
verted into 50 dol-
lar~ of lifesaving 
medicine. which 

make~ it possible r. r u~ 10 deliver 
over seven million dollan; w rth of 

supplie~." he said. 
Oe~cribing Ihe " tenible situa-

tion fonhe refugees." LaForgiasaid 
thailheSerbians areshe\ling homes. 
businesses. ho pital • even el1l ire 
villages. leaving the refugees no 
reason to retum to thcir homes. 

According to LaForgia, this has 
produced several hundred thousand 

refugee~, nearly one hundred thou-
sand tleath, and a "complete disrup-
tion in the medical system:' he said. 

The video which ae ompanied 
La orgia'~ ,peech rraced the exten-
sive damage and the results of the 
relief efforts. Specifically targeted 
by the efforts are those in hospitals 
and churches. e pecially mall chil-
dren. Acc rding to L'lForgia, the 

exi~tence of the relief groups is in 
jeopardy. because while there are 
plenty of doclors. there is an acute 
shortage of medIcal supplies. 

Immedi~ltely following the video 
was another documentary entitled. 
"Massacre in Bosnia and Croatia:' 
Graphic and unedited. it detailed the 
violence in Bosnia and Croatia. TIle 

- Ante Pltesa, the war i . "stronger 
Native Croatian people imposing 

theirwayon weaker 
people." and that 

" the nly rea 'on [Bo nians] die is 
th_at they are not Serbians." 

LaForgia also ci ted economic 
reasons forthe war. saying that when 
the m re economically productive 
republics of Croatia and Slovenia 
seceded, they threatened the stan-
dard of living in the less developed 
republics like Serbia. 

LaForgiuadded that he was "very 
pessimistic about the pos ibilityof 
pea e holding if a peace is ever 
reached." 

Pitesa said that the Bosnians do 
not want a United States ground 
force. but want the world to help 
them though aClion like the lifting 
of the U. .-impo!>edamlsembargo. 

Following Pitesa' pre entation. 
there was an open forum and panel 
discus ion which addressed specific 
question and concem as well as 
geneml problems sun'ounding Ihe 
war-tom Balkan sllltes. 

Moderator and fonmer member 
of the Muslim Student Association 
Tehseen Lazzouni closed the forum 
wi th a call for help. saying, "Some-
thing has to be done. and that's just 
the beginning:' 

GUiilliAN 
II>t t.CSO~~iI'JlI$I'ECI ~1J\CI~~Ole_mlc:yeaJlrtlJ\CltlrOleswoenlS 
01 UCSD. fIe\ltOO,.alon 01 Uj$ newspaper ~ atY I:rm. _ ~ _ or In p;rt. WV1O\.( pennlssron IS 

T he UC D Guardian Monday, Februar y 22, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watte rson 

lOCI(, /IX THIS! 
~t5 I':. HIE 

BIGGEST . 
SNOW8' LL 
l~ ~'i: 'fKlI(lD.' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~. \.ii's J~S'" 
Sjo.'i liS ~T\lII\G 

1IU.1' to\\GHi 
~ 11-\ w.NO'f 

T()()j>..'1 

'1\"1' 'fI\Ito,T ~'4t: (iC)t A. 
1lt.w;;.H C; \\lSrolti Tl:5T. 
-mOP-i1' ~'i:~. 

'IIOO~T ~ AAP 
nit ~t"'C \PI'.l 
IJJTII LI \:.~ -m 

KI'l()';ol ! 

UCSD To Host Leadership Conference 
More than 300 students and 60 faculty from San 

Diego-area high schools will take part in a one-<1ay 
workshop as a part of the Third Annual Student Leader-
ship Conference on Wednesday. Feb. 24 at the Price 
Center. 

Focusing on how to confront prejudice in life, the 
main theme of the conference will be ·You Are The Hope 
ofthe World: and the keynote speaker will be KNS[)'TV 
Channel 39 news anchorwoman Denise Yamada. 

The conference is sponsored by the Anti-Defamation 
League (ADL) of San Diego. in cooperation with the 
UCSD Chancellor's Office of Affirmative Action and San 
Diego City Schools. 

Muir College H.A.s To Exchange 
With McGill University 

Topics ranging from loud music and alcohol to sexual 
harassment and AIDS will be addressed at a weeklong 
Muir College Student leader Exchange with McGill 
UniverSity to be held this week. 

About two dozen resident assistants from McGill In 
Montreal are expected to participate In the exchange 
with resident assistants from Muir College. The stu-

dents will participate in a variety of • rap sessions· 
throughout the week to discuss how they approach 
everything from enforcing quiet hours to fund raising. 
The Canadian students will be paired with resident or 
house assistants from Muir. In addition to sharing the 
Muir students' residence hall rooms. they will be given 
an opportunity to accompany them to classes. Activities 
have also been planned to give the Canadian students 
a taste of what their American counterparts are like 
outside the classroom. according to Muir College Assis-
tant Resident Dean Blue Robbins. 
. In March, there are plans for a group of22 Muirhouse 
assistants to get an inside view of how Canadian 
resident assistants run their residence halls. in a 
weeklong follow·up leadership conference at McGill. 

Architect To Speak on Urban 
Avant Garde Movement 

A lecture on the · Consuming Experience: Shopping 
Malls and the SItuationist International" will be held on 
Wednesday. Feb. 24 at 7 p.m. in MAAC 408. The guest 
lecturer will be UCSD School of Architecture visiting 
faculty member Margaret Crawford. 

Th e Gu a rdi a n 

TodaYs 
Water temp: 59' 

Mon: 63'/51' lues: 59'/41' Wed: 62'/49' Yesterday: 61'/47' 
Source; National Weather SerVICe 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES. News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESEI., Hiatus Editor 

DESlON CONSULT",": James COllier 
lUUITRATORI: Mlcha Cron.. Tara Eorr. Nathan Erlln . Speed Farris . jennifer 
Hart. Dominic Lobbl •. Alan LundCTen. Adt1ano Munoz. Katie Roe. AI $pon. 

~ONEJlS:Joel Arnold. Wilson Cheuna. Cindy Lin. Marcus Lobbla. CnrlSlopner 
PHOTOQRAI'tIERI: Davia ChO. Sidart Del>. Paul Mackey. jennifer Matthews. Lori Mitchell. Chuck "'\lUyen. Jennifer Vann 
CO". MADrltS; Michelle Chiang. Aron Miller. Jessie Spr1n.er. Ma~Lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: nm Lin 
SVIeVt~. e l993. !11 ~ -. //It VCSD Gu.I1I.J1 ~ ~ IeSjlOl'$lje tlr Ole Ietl.m 01 
1Il!CIIO~ ~or iJl//lt -.ewseJl)'~ ~ PlflIC$IJ\CI sipO IeIIm or ~ 00 I'()\ 
necess;rty recmerI Ole ()II\rjCn$ 01 II>t t.CSO GimIiJl Ole I.W\efSi1y 01 CaIOOtna. 01 Ole ASsodo1ed 
StJdercs. II>t I.tSD ~ IS f\rdeO IQIeI)' Ill' ~ M.Jna ~ ll'ele _ De Il.¥ lilt OleSf. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT. Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVERTISING AMlIT""": Tara EolI 
BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREOO WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STA" WRITERS; Jenny Galang. Dan Knluss. MattheW Robinson. Brett 
Rhyne. Michael SchW81\z. Sheryl Wolcott 
STIIff~: ElaoneCamuso. KtIsIs C8rpenter. Albert GMbeidl. Kirsten Halverson. 
elllyHwan&, CMsJensen. Melissa JacObs. ~Johnson. __ Lee. WendyMc:Nefn. 
Thema Moore. MuralJ Moorthy. JUlie Pal<. Paul Pnllllp&. ElY R-.I. BlllrRIdIey. Karl Saul. R,tuSaxena. AI ..... J. Sherman.Jun.Sherman. ~ Spletei. GteearYSleptlens • 

EdItO<1al ; 5~580. Business 01IIce; 534-3466. Fax; 534-7691 
UCSD GuardIan, 9&00 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actuol location: §.concj floor. UCSO _ Center IluIi4lrC 'A' 

Monday, February 22, 1993 The UC 0 Guardian 

Watson Misses Grievance Deadline 
HEARING: Ten day 
respon e period expire 
Burnett 'assail inaction 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Wmer 

Vice Chancellor of Student Af-
fairs Joseph Watson failed to re-
spond to a request for a hearing by 
fonmer University Center Board 
(UCB) Chair Chris Burnett within 
the IO-<Iayperiodoutlinedin UCSD 
policies and procedure . 

Burnett filed a grievance against 
University Centers Director Jim 
Carruthers and Director of Special 
Services ickAguilarailegingthathe 
had been unfairly charged with occu-
pation of the North Conference Room 
after the co-op's attempt to use the 
space to sell textbooks last September. 

The charges were subsequently 
dropped by Revelle College Dean 
Ernie Mort for lack of evidence. 

The I O-da y period gi ven to repl y 
to Bumett' grievance. as outlined 
by UCSD policies and procedure, 
ended last Wednesday. Anolher 
deadline imposed by Burnett and 
his advisor, UC D Political Sci-
ence Professor Peter Irons. passed 
last Friday without a response from 
the administration. 

Burnett now doubts if a respon e 
will ever be dmfted. 

"[The UCSD administration] is 
j ust going to po tpone thi as long as 
[it] can:' Bumett said. 

Respon ibility for answering 
Burnett' reque t now re ts with 
Vice Chancellor of Business Af-
fairs Steven Relyea. Watson del-
egated responsibility to respond to 
Relyea, according to Irons. 

Irons added that infornlatioll re-
garding the request for a hearing 
was forwarded to Univen;ity Gen-
eral Counsel to detenmine if the 

issue can be addressed b university 
grievance proceeding .. 

" You would Ihink the tiling of 
fake charges against a studemwould 
be a grievable issue." . aid Irons. 

Relyea was out of town and un-
available for cOlllment. 

Bumett said that he bel it:vc that 
the delay is an intentional effort by 
the univen;ity touse vaguely worded 
guideline to avoid taking appr pri-
ate actions. 

"These policies are the biggest 
joke," Burnett said. "[The griev-
ance procedure] is b.1~ically J !..an-
garoocourt as faras I'm concc!med." 

Irons also seemed to think that a 
response was ul1 li~ely. 

" I think they are trying 10 evade 
any responsibility in this thing." 'aid 
Irons. 

Carruthers and Agui lar bolh de-
c! ined 10 comment about the griev-
ance. 

Philanthropist Florence Seeley Riford Died Friday 
AorenceSeeley Riford,a La Jo\la 

philanthropist who e donations to 
UCSD exceeded more than $5 mil-
lion, died Friday in her home. She 
was 100 years old. 

Riford 's contributions resulted 
in the establishment of the Aorence 
Riford Endowed Chair in 
Alzheimer's Disease Research. the 
Aorence Seeley Riford Chair in 
AIDS re earch and the Aorence 
Riford Innovative Research Fundat 
Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy. 

She also contributed generously 
to research facili ties in the areas of 

Alzheimer's Oi ease, the In titute 
for Research on Aging, pathology, 
ophthalmology, plastic surgery, 
osteoporosis and the University li-
brary fund. 

"Florence was a remarkable 
woman whose generosi ty and inter-
e ts covered a multitude of commu-
nity and national concerns," aid 
UCSO Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
in a press release announcing 
Riford's death. 

"Her interests at UCSD ranged 
from the health sciences to the hu-
manities to her latest interest inoceano-
graphic [research I." Atkinson said. 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
HONDA \,..I Mitsubi.hl Isuzu Acura Oa 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Riford became an astute investor 
in the 19605 afterherhusbandprused 
away. Starting in the I 970s she de-
cided to give away some of the 
sizeable fortune she had acquired. 

UCSD was not the only loca l 
organization to benefit from her gifts. 
She donated to the La Jolla ROlary 
Scholarship for highschool sludents, 
The Social Service League of La 
Jolla and TIle La 10ll a Women's 
Club among others. 

Services are scheduled to begin 
at 3:30 p.m. today in the Garden 
Chapel of the Greenwood Memo-
rial Park and Mortuary. 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
B. Check dutch 
9. Check lights 

to . Check undercarriage for 
damages 

t 1. Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road lest 

NEWS 3 

Saturday, Feb. 13: 
3:50 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a hiking backpack. Loss: $150. 
9:16 p.m.: Units and the San Diego Fire Department responded to a fire at 
a Pepper Caflyon Apt. caused by a pot left on a hot steve. 
Sunday, Feb. 14: 
12:10 a.m.: Suspects broke in through the tunnel door entrance of the 
Central Library. The suspects escaped and there was no loss from the 
library. Loss: Damage of two tunnel security doors. $100. 
5:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of CDs and a portable CD case from 
Pepper Canyon Apts. Loss: $1.200. 
Monday, Feb. 15: 
9:05 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a handicap placard frOIll a 1989 
Toyota pickup in Lot 410. 
5:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1986 Honda scooter from Lot 
208. Loss: $4,300. 
10:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a wallet from Fifth Dorms. Loss: 
$33. 
Tuesday, Feb. 16: 
10:35 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of postage stamps from 
Torrey Pines Center South. Loss: $80. 
Wednesday, Feb. 17: 
2:15 p.m.: A non-affiliate fell and injured a knee at the Main Gym. 
Thursday, Feb. 18: 
4:35 a.m.: A female student suffered a sprained knee at Warren Apts, Taken 
to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
3:00 p.m.: A student reported receiving threatening phone calls at Tenaya 
Hall. 
5:10 p.m.: A secretary reported the theft of a trunk emblem from a car in 
Lot 582. Loss: $30. 
5:10 p.m.: A student suffered from severe abdom;nal pains at York Hall. 
Taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 

- Complied by Julie Pak, Staff Woter 

eso ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P.M, to 1 :00 A. :M:., 7 days a week 

Be SaJe, DOll', Walk Alone! 

-------

3S-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

1. Compression test 
2 Valve adjustmenl 11 . Adjust timing 20. Lube front end 28. Check and recharge 
Replace; 12. Adjust dwell angle 21 . Ched< & replenish all ballenes. If necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. Adjust carburelor fluid & oillev~ls 29. ROlala tires (if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14. Adjust air & fuel rallO 22. Ched< eleclrlcal system 30. Ched< lire pressure 
5. Dlstnbutor po,nls. mIx lure 23. Check for loose & lost 31 Lube door honges 
6 Condensers. 15. Adl'ust steering box bolls 32 Chad< all holders 
7. Air fIller. 16. Ad ust clutch 24. Ched< brakes 33. Ched< cooling syslem & 
8. Oil fol ter. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check clulCh hoses 
9. Gas foller. and 18. Adjust emer,gency brakes 26. Ched< IlghlS 34 Check exhausl syslem 
10. Engine all 19. Chad< & adluSI exposed 27 Check undercarriage 35. Road test 

- belts for damages 
Note lor S-cyknder ca,. 00<1 520 Tovota Su", ... adO 530 Datsun 200sX .. ,h 8 spa,k JlI<.9s add $35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special F,ontorr~:; · $BO) 

We replace: 1 Inslall specIal new pads Brake job includes: 
I. TransmISSIOn Input shaft 4. Throwout beanng or InSla1l rear brake shoes 

seal (excepl Hondas) 5. PIlot bearings 2 Oraln old brake fluid 6 Adjust frOnl (II drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6. New Iransmlss,on 0,1 3 Inspectcomplele and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road lesl hydraulic system 7 RePllace( f IrolOnl rlolor) 

4 . Rellll hydraulic fluid sea s I ro r. urn 
Note Hydraulic parts 318 not covere<:t NOlior 4WO Fron1 whwe' 
awe extra 

5 Bleed en~re brake syslem 8. Road tesl 
Note HydrauliC pans are not Lnduded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices include parts and labor. 

•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd. 

695·1990 
With Ihis ad. Expires 3fl /93 

Call for appo,nlrnenl 

Towong and rent,,1 car avaIlable Monday·Fnday 730 am·6 pm Open Saturday . 

3211 Holiday Court 

H ours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

~~ ~N:i 

UCSD's KILLER DEAL UCSDls PARTY FEAST 
I 2 I 2 I 
I - DEEP DISH I -LARGE PIZZAS I 
: ZZESTY PAN PIZZAS and I and I 
I GARDEN FRESH SALAD : A 6-PACK OF COKe~ : 
I FORONLY $1498 I FOR ONLY $1799 I 
I CALL US! pills/it I CALL US! I / I 
I 452.UCSD I 452.UCSD I'" a.\ I 
I Up 10 2101>PinoS on ooch pow. em ~~~y I Up 10 21O!>!*1g' on ._ pin.. No.ooy I 
I ChoIco 01 ..... ", •• slng Coupon Lilli I Choice 01 COmic 00[>,,", eo.. IUIOWS I requlrod. No! YIIid wfth ."., olhtr Onet. DOMIfIO'5 COupon 'IQUroci. No. vllld -l1li)' , . ~~INO'S 
I Umiteddel~lt'fll.alOtnfijtflil' l~owV. .. ,oI.llod''''''''lh ... I otherol*. linIIeddeltveryIfU1C 1 ..... .,,,IItw~'''''''I10 .. '''' I d,Mng (M drIv ... carry .... INn .nsuro .. Ie drlYlng.Our dr~ ... cany 

$20.00. ""pOrK 31' 5IIl3. 0 .2 I .... "'"" $20 00. ExpIr .. 3115193. 0.2 

-----------_ ... _----------



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOVCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD GU4Jdlan I. published twic. 0 _ ot Ihe UrwefSlty of CII,fomll. Sen Die&<>. Contents 
Cl993. View ••• pr.ssed herein represent the majority \lOt. of Ihe editOOaI bOa,.,. and Ir. not 

_ .... nty those Of Ihe UC SOard of Reaents. the ASUCSO. no< the entire Guardl/'" s"ft. 

Clinton's Plan Is the Right 
Idea, But the Wrong Approach 

Pre ident Bill Clinton indicated that he had the right idea when he 
unveiled hi much-anticipated economic package on Wednesday 
night. The federal deficit has climbed to $300 billion and c ntinue 
to multiply, even as you finish reading this sentence. A multi-billion 
dollar deficit is more than just an eyesore with an army of zeroes 
trailing behind it- the deficit is spending run amuck that sells out 
the prosperity of future generations. So when Clinton's propo ed 
economic plan calls for a long-term effon to reduce the budget 
deficit, it is clear that the president i on the right track. 

Theproblem,unfortunately,re t. with linton'smethods,namely, 
proposing tax increase of approximately 285 billion over the next 
four years. At the same time. Clinton only propose $222 billion in 
spending cuts. According to Sen. Pete Domenici (R- .M.). lhat 
figures out to 76 cents in cuts for every $1 in new taxes. a proposal 
Domenici haritably des ribes as "principally a tax increase plan." 

Tax Increase ' are not necessarily odious - drastic economic 
times call for sacrifice. However, it is odious and mi guided to 
trumpet tax increases as a panacea while relegating spending cuts to 
the back-burner. Clinton's supporters, including Federal Reserve 
Chairman Alan Greenspan. argue that the plan will succeed III 
cutting the deficit. That' s all well and good, but we remain skeptical. 

Even legislators like Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.), a con-
gre swoman who can pend with the best of them. mised concerns 
about the number of tax increase that Clinton proposed. Further-
more. Schroeder added that she hoped "the pending cuts are bigger 
than we hear they are." 

"Tax the Rich!" may be an easy and gmtifying rallying cry when 
it comes to offering olutions to tough problems. But Clinton's 
proposal ignores one imple fact. Quite imply, rai ing taxes while 
expecting Congress to cut the deficit is similar to upping the 
allowance of a 12-year-old boy by 100percent and expecting him not 
to blow it all on new toys. Clinton expects Congres to raise taxes 
while not throwing any of it away through reckless spending. and 
without the benefit of a balanced budget amendment, to boot. Is 
Congress up to the challenge? The past 12 years would suggest no, 
Congress will never be. 

During the presidential campaign, Clinton practically swore on a 
stack of Bibles that he would not burden the middle class with hi 
deficit reduction plan. Indeed, Clinton even proposed a middle class 
tax cut, which no one, including Clinton, ever thought he would 
deliver. But the latest plan calls for a new energy tax which will 
clearly affect average American families. While the effect will not 
be catastrophic, Clinton has backed off on another promise. 

Mi guided as his plan is, Clinton's propo alsareastep in the right 
direction. For the first time in a long time, a president has recognized 
that there is a problem that needs to be addressed immediately. 
regardless of short-tenn sacrifices. if norhing else, Clinton' plan is 
a bold attempt at leadership which contains some very good propos-
a1s.Investing in infrastructure. education and job retrdining are ideas 
whose time has come. 

Clinton understands that any economic recovery will be worth-
less unless we look ahead to the future. Cenainly, C1inton's plan i ' 
far from perfect, but at lea'r it contains something that ha sorely 
been lacking the la t four years - vision. 

Thwllbs Up to Putting 
RIMAe on the Ballot ..• 

... so that the issue can finally be settled one way or the other. 
When the referendum on a student fee increase to fund the proposed 
recreational and events center was brought before students in Winter 
1990, the $_10 annual RIMAC fee passed with a voter turnout of 
only 21.4 percent of the tudent body. With the financial statu of the 
university so drastically changed in the three years since the election, 
it seems only appropriate (hat students should be able (0 decide if 
they till want (0 fund this project. 

After last month's petition drive failed to garner enough signa-
tures to force a re-vote, the A.S. Council still has the opportunity to 
place a RIMAC referendum on the spring election ballot, an oppor-
tunity they should not hesitate to seize. Putting the RIMAC issue on 
the ballot would allow students to settle the matter once and for all. 

The UCSD Guardi .. Monday, February 22,1993 

CLINTON ~ CONGRESS AND THE 
LoNG ROAD TO RECOVERY 

COMMENTARY: The wide range of tax increases and spending cuts proposed by 
our 42nd president will create a better, more productive future for all Americans 
By John Ratliff 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In his address to Congress last Wednesday night, Bill 
Clinton seized the moment to define his presidency and 
pre ent America with a vision and a challenge. He had the 
courage to tell us the truth about the difficulties we will 
face and, more importantly. to step up to the plate and 
make a specific proposal to deal with the problems of the 
runaway deficit and a declining job base. 

The last such defining moment was in 1981, when 
Ronald Reagan promised us that we could have gain with 
no pain: cut taxes, increase defense spending and private 
con umption, it back and enjoy. The result over the last 
t2 years has been a ma siveshift of wealth to the top one 
percent, an increase in the federal deficit of 
more that 400 percent and a sharp erosion 
in the long-tenn economic and soc ial health 
of our nation, including education, health 
care and our competitiveness in the world 
market. 

govenunent priorities from pork barrel to investment. 
Clinton wants to cut spending in such areas as defense, 
federal salaries and staff, agricultural price supports and 
through controlling health care . costs. New spending 
initiatives place great emphasis on long-tenn job creation 
through worker retraining and infrasb'Ucture develop-
ment, such as a national, high-speed computer network. 
Top priority is also given to the development of renew-
able energy resources and other environmentally smart 
technologies. 

UCSD students should be gratified to note that the 
president has maintained his commitment to the early 
implementation of a National Service Corps, through 
which college students would be allowed to pay off their 

President Clinton' s message is much 
harsher and much more honest. The spend-
ing spree is over: it's time to pay up. He 
told u that any real gain will involve 
sacrifice, although that sacrifice must be 
shared and produce real results. As a result 
of his peech, for the first time in memory, 
all over America people are inten ely di -
cussing. in concrete tenns. the long-lenn 
future of our economy and our society. 

Aaa ...... ltof 
Clinton'. 

loans through community service, such as 
teaching or working in health care. At the 
same time, the plan calls for fully funding 
Head Stan and making sure that every 
child in America is fully imm unized against 
disease. All these programs are genuine 
investments in our nation's future: spend-
ing a little today to reap a much greater 
benefit tomorrow. 

speech, for the 
tlrst time In 

lncome taxes will also be raised, but 
only for those families with a taxable 
income of over $140.000. less than two 
percent of Americans, with the greatest 
burden falling on millionaires and big 
corporations, those who made out like 
bandits in the 19805. A broad-based en-
ergy tax will hit the middle class, encour-
aging energy savings, while calling for an 
average sacrifice from a family with an 
income of $40,000 of less than $20 a 
month. Wealthy social security recipients 
will also have to pay more. What is most 
striking is the almost universal willing-

Change is usually difficult, and in two 
ways the basic changes that Clinton is 
calling for are e pecially dramatic. First, 
he i calling for a shift in emphasi from 
consumption in the present to investment 
in the future. Second, he is calling for a 
collective reorientation from seeing ev-

memory, allover 
AmerIca people 
... lntMseIy 
cIISCU_n& In 
concrete terms, 
the long term 
future of our 
economy ... 
our 1OCIety. 

erything in tenns of individual self-interest to a recon-
struction of a sense of our common interest as a national 
community. 

As President Clinton has tressed, it is important to 
look at his economic package as a whole. Over four years, 
it calls for a gross deficit reduction of $493 billion, 
equally divided between spending cuts and tax increases. 
Of that. $169 billion will be redirected to new economic 
investment and stimulus programs, leaving $325 billion 
in net deficit reduction, with $140 billion coming in the 
fourth year alone. 

The program also calls for a bold reorientlUion of 

ness of Americans to accept the new burdens called for by 
the president iftheycan be assured that it will result in real 
deficit reduction and a revived economy. 

But we must remember, politics is the name of the 
game. Under our con titution, the president proposes and 
Congress disposes. Central to the president's message to 
Congress was a challenge to put up or shut up: it's time to 
end gridlock. Clinton has consistently rejected the "brain-
dead politics" of both laissez jaire Republicans who 
blindly favor the market, and tax-and-spend Democrats 
who uncritically favor government solutions. Over the 

See CUNTON, Page 6 

Mondu ,February 22 1993 The UC 0 Guunlillll 

COMMENTARY: The swanns of non-Greeks who hate almost everything about 
fraternities and ororities with a self-righteous passion really need to relax 

BEWARE OF GREEK MYTHS 
By Paul Phillips 
Staff Writer 

I wasn 't Greek, then I was Greek, 
and now I'm not Greek. Therefore I 
have a rare perspective on the contro-
versy that perpetually envelop the 
fratemitie at UCSD. Debates about 
fraternities are usually contested be-
tween people who think they know 
everything about the Greek system 
but actually know very little on one 
side. and people who are a part of it 
and thu forced by circumstance to 
defend it on the other. Falling into 
neithercategory,myob ervation may 
have more objectivity than some that 
I've seen recently. 

First and foremost. the swanns of 
non-Greeks who hate the system and 
everything about it with the fervent 
pas ion of the truly self-righteous need 
to relax. An article that ca ts even a 
slightly positive light on the Greeks i 
instantly met with a barrage of ex-
tremely vocal opposition from this 
group. All Greeks are elitist, con-
ceited, rich, dumb, racist, drunken 
snob , aren . t they? 

What is it that fraternities do that 
makes them 0 different from every-
one el e? A common critici m is that 
"fraternity guys only care about get-
ting drunk and getting laid, as often as 
pos ible." There i orne truth to thi 
-butthis indictment i as valid when 
applied to any hetero exual college-
aged male on the planet. From the 
onset of puberty, the human male 
instinctively values such activities. Is 
this the only priority males have? 
Certainly not. But anyone who thinks 
that college-aged males who aren't 
Greek pend all their time in coffee 
shops bantering about the finer points 
of philosophers from the Age of En-
lightenment needs to wake up and 
smell the testosterone. 

"Fratemity guys are always brag-
ging about their sexual exploits," ay 
the naysayers. Some do. Some don't. 
As with the population at large. those 
who feel the need to boast of their 
deeds will do o. Fraternity males are 
no more or less prone to this distaste-
ful tendency than others, but because 
it fits the stereotype, one statement 
will often be generalized to hundreds 
of people, 

"Fraternity guys put on this facade 

of caring about academics and phi-
lanthropy. when it's not true at all." 
The overall GPA among fraternities 
is higher than the campus aver.lge. 
There are many po sible rea ons for 
thi , but no matter why, there's no 
room for criticizing their academics. 

If you value philant hropy ,and your 
critici m i thar the Greeks don't do 
enough, ob erve how much time the 
average collegian contribute tochar-
ity. ]f you don't value philanthropy. 
and your criticism is that the Greeks 
pretend that they do more than they 
do, that'scloserto the truth. But while 
fratemities aren't going to SUrp'lSS the 
Salvation ArnlY any time soon. they 
do put more time, effort and money 
into philanthropies than most other 
groups on campus, and definitely more 
than most individuals. 

HEverybody in fraternitie i the 
same. There 's no room for individu-
ality." This one's laughable. Some-
hawaII these alleged clone managed 
to live their lives without t-shins and 
pledge pins for at lea t 18 years before 
college, and they have a whole life to 
live afterward. It 's going to be hard to 
stay in the fratern i t y forever. 

There's as broad aspectrum within 
fratemitics as at UCSD at large. People 
who would find it despicable to think 
that all members of a certain race are 
the same will casually tum around 
and use identical logic on fraternities. 
The analogy isn't perfect, ince no-
body picks their race. but the same 
sort of mindless stereotype is u ed. 

"People join fraternities to buy 
friends." lois saddens me, because 
people really have to take a plunge off 
the reality deep .:nd 10 ~wallow that. 
What, is there a catalogue passed 
around at meetings? Buy one, get one 
free? With our E-Z credit plan. you'll 
never have to worry about being with-
out friends again! It's ludicrous. Un-
popular people remain unpopular and 
liked people remain liked, no matter 

how much money they have or what 
they do with it. There's no bylaw in 
any fraternity that says everyone has 
to be fa t friends. 

So where does the money end up? 
A small portion goes to the nalional 
fraternity for the fantastic privilege of 
wearing their letters, and most of the 
rest goes to events. Did you think 
those fratemity parties that are al -
way deluged by non·Greeks were 
paid for with heartfelt promises and 
spare change? That's why Greeks 
pay dues, not because s me mythical 
friend-selling shopkeeper demands 
it. 

Fraternitie definitely have their 
flaws. Sigma Alpha Epsilon's calen-
dar incident last year. overblown to a 
mind·boggling degree, did show an 
appalling lack of respect for women. 
Similar incidents have doubtlessly 
occurred within other fraternities and 
not been publicly paraded. It should 
be understood that such happenings 
are usually the work of one or two 
individuals, and not overtly accepted. 
There isacertain tacit approval within 
some fratemities for that son of be-
havior. and this is a probl.:m worth 
addressing; but it' not reason enough 
to denounce the entire system. 

Some Greeks act I ike they're a cut 
above non-Greek and Greek in le~ 
prominent fraternities, merely for the 
distinction of the letters. These people 
were likely equally vain and obnox-
ious well before they joined their 
fraternities, and will be well after 
they're gone. In fact, most Greeks 
hate the new fruternitie thm are 
largely comprised of Ihis type be-
cause of the negative image they give 
the campus. 

There are even Greeks thm don't 
associate with people outside the r ra-
temity. The allure of fraternity life 
can be a strong one, pal1icularly to a 
freshman who doesn't know anyone 
but his roommates at ~chool. UCSD 
bn't overwhelmed with large-scale 
social activities, especially for people 
under 21, and a fraternity is an effec-
tive way to meet people. Unfortu-
nately. people sometimes lose sight 
of the world outside their own, and 
Greeks are no different. 

This isn't a defense of Greeks, 
See GREEKS, Page 6 

MORE MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT GREEIG 
Editor: 

An article written by Philip 
Michaels and Karen Cheng, entitled 
"Fraternity'S Suspension Prompts 
Questions About IFC Procedures" 
(Feb. 16), reported on the complaints 
of Pi Kappa Phi President Andy 
Chapman regarding procedures of the 
lnter-Fratemity Council and its Judi-
cial Board, following Pi Kappa Phi's 
u pension for violation of the IFC's 

"dry·rush" policy. As a member of 
the Greek system. 1 agree with Mr. 
Chapman's comments that there are 
cenain procedural question which 
need to be closely examined. How-
ever, r question the manner in which 
the Gllardian chose to report certain 
aspects of the issue, 

In describing the rivalrie which 
exist between fraternities, Michaels 
and Cheng quote Delta Gamma Vice 
President Anne Simi's reasons for the 
IFC's punishment of Pi Kappa Phi. 
With all due respect to Ms. Simi, she 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian wel<Dmes letters frOm ,IS readers. All 
k!tlers must be no longer /11M /!Vee PiJIIes. typed, 
cJouOIe.SPaCed and siined. we reserve tile right to eeI,t 
for length and ClM!),. sene all letters 10: 

The Guardian 
OtJinion EcllIO' 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 9~316 

was not, to the best of my knowledge, 
involved in any of the accusations. 
hearings or final judgement. 

By implying that Ms. Simi wa in 
3 po ition to make an accumte state-
ment regarding factors leading to Pi 

Kappa Phi's suspension, the Gllord-
iOI/ fa lsely infonned it~ readers. [n 
this particular case, it turns out that 
her infonnation was incorrect. While 
fonnal rush numbers are not publicly 
available, Pi Kappa Phi has never 
won the IFC Spons Banner. The 
Sports Banner has been won for six 
consecutive years by Phi Delta Theta. 
Last year was Pi Kappa Phi's best 
showing, finishing third. 

Yet the point of this letter is nei-
ther to discredit Pi Kappa Phi's nor 
Ms. Simi 's claims. I question the re-
porting of the Gllardian. ll1e Greek 
system at UCSD is indeed small and 
often much-maligned. If the purpose 
of a newspaper is to educate its audi-
ence, inaccurate repon about serious 
issues involving the Greek system do 
not serve to benefit the G"ardiall's 
readers. In tead, they serve to add to 
the public' misconceptions regard-
ing the Greek system. 

Matthew Gemello 

OPINION 5 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily ofl Lens..:, E;l.lcndcd oft Lcn,c' 
lI&L s"r, Spill Il&1 114 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily g:ls penn. hard Baby blue. h;ll:cl & 
PJrJpcrm 0:1 emerald. gn.~4.!11 

• Professional Service 
• Quality Eyecare 
• Reasonable Prices 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

55X5 CI;urCIl111111 Mc,a Blvd. w~x Adam, A \ C. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 . Sal. 10-5 

"" -t. Cat C[]py~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

321 J /lo/i(/(/y Ct. (llext to DOII/il/o ' .... Pizz(/) • -I52-')9o.J') 
M-F 8:3~6 p.m. E.p. 3/ 22/ 93 
SAT. 10-1 with UCSD ID 

r-----------------------
~t't'~ en US CJO Ur ~ Bar &. Nightclub Tours J' 
~ Our deluxe 45 passenger video Party Bus takes ~ (J, 0' you to a number of San Diego's hottest ~~ {JO'" NightClubs and between slops we keep partYing 
~ \~ With the latest Videos. 

to 

i/JM'tpm~1U,i2,,)/,1,"i 
Come alone, with a friend. or a group' 

The SAFE way to bar hop 
(619)558-9060 for reservations & Info 

Also priVate parties, Greek events, etc. 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
Gener.!I, Prelcl1t.1riI'C, Jnd Cosl11crk Scn'ices 

IC dnwn, p /rwfh'11111/JI.lpbo'f · \hmlul' .HM. en.-1. 'J)C ll\ 

LA rOLLA VtLLAGE PROFESSIONALCENn.R 
8950 VILLA J...\ JOLLA OIL, Sl'ITE 2103 558·3490 EUIII/Im (;'''' .\ nt ll tni71' 

App')i""~i'/Ifj .1M/lab/.' 7i,p fluu r, Iliff bd/ illd III<' EhpiJolir lia r 

910wers J! 9f!s 
Co ta Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

:tn Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
" dl 11I.1I'lh.t.'04.: lIf) I1)11l murl 
' HI ~" IJJ 'o\Ilh .in ) l llh\.."tlllkf 

~\p. WJ3 

.. 
-Wcll<lIvcr 
World WIde-



6 OPINION 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next "air appointment think 
about IlJese ljlle.<iUOns .. , 
Q. II 1>111 " ('III/f' hlllf' t/1I/l1.r..: 

11>111 1'/1 /1 /lUI/I II III 
(tll/lllllft' tiUIII,!!. ~ 

Q. 

Q. 

II "til " ('fI/lI' "(/If' 
t/II/lI,r..: Ih(/I I'"'' t/III/ 'l 
/1(/111 11111 he dUIII.r..: ;, 

II ',IIIr1),,,, "~'(' ""11( ' 
1/lll/g 1/('/1 1II1t! (/iflc',c'/fl ' 

Louk )'011,. /Jest el 'el: 
MensCuts 

$4 
OFF 
tReg $21 (0) 

WomensCuts $5 
OFF 

5t A N 

The UCSD Guardian 

N u A L 

1993 
ALL-CAMPUS CHILI COOKOFF 
with live music featuring No Doubt and Drown II 

Friday, February 26 
12 Noon, Price Center 

benefitting ~ 
BOYS & GIRLS CWOS 

.. _-

UCSD 
INTERFRATERNITY 

Nell KAPLAN 
Tho _n , w., 10 tho I • • , ...... .,on. EUCSDI PANHELLENIC m SSOCIATION 

Monday, February 22, 1993 

CLINTON: New 
economic plan is a 
courageous effort 
ContInued from .... 4 
last two decades, both parties in Wash-
ington have developed bad habilS, 
assiduously avoiding responsibility 
for hard choices and eagerly playing 
the blame game. Left to their own 
device. there 's a real danger they 
will gut or de-woy the president 's 
program and put nothing in ilS place. 

Support ing President Clinton 's 
initiative involves relentlessly hold-
ing Congress's feet to the fire . de-
manding that they make those hard 
choice, cutting the programs that are 
popular in their districts or with the 
pecial intere t groups that finance 

their election campaigns. To make 
this easier Pre ident Clinton has also 
called for rigorous Congressional 
campaign finance reform. as well as 
reigning in lobbyists by requiring them 
to regi~te r and ending the tux dedu t-
ibility of lobbying activitie , 

The great leaders of our past, 
people like Abraham Lincoln and 
Franklin Roosevelt, have embodied 
what Max Weber called the "ethic of 
responsibility," accepting, even em-
bracing, the realities of the demo-
cratic system, with all its flaws, and 
doing what it takes within it to effect 
the real changes needed to move the 
country fOlWard . Thus, great states-
men arealso accomplished politicians, 
endle sly searching for the right bal-
ance between vision and realism. 

I believe that Bill Clinton has 
hown the potential to be sucha leader, 

and to playa major role in the revital-
ization of the American community, 
a community grounded in values of 
respect for diversity and individual 
liberty. I urge you to contact your 
representatives in Washington and 
voice your support for the president in 
his courageous effort to build a bener 
future for us all. 

GREEKS: They 
are no better nor worse 
than anyone else 
ContInued from page 5 
these are observations. An individual 
Greek is no more predisposed to have 
any given personality characteristic 
than an individual non-Greek. 

So as long as the liberals can spend 
loIS of time and get frequent media 
exposure proponing peace and love 
and happiness and cosmic karma be-
tween all race . creeds, colors and 
religions, I 'd I ike to see a little cosmic 
karma between Greeks and non-
Greeks. If every arrogant fraternity 
member would get offhi high horse, 
and every obnoxiou non-Greek 
would get offhis, the world would be 
so much more peaceful. 

To that end, here's some advice 
for each group. Greeks, your letters 
mean nothing to anyone oUlSide the 
system. Don't confuse them with a 
nice car, a beautiful girlfriend or any 
other modem status symbol, because 
they aren't. If you act like they are, 
you demean yourself and provide fod-
der for the perpetually discontent. 
Non-Greeks, relax. Greeks aren't out 
to oppress you, steal your girlfriend or 
beat you up. 1lIey are trying to get 
through college, fulfill all their re-
sponsibilities. and have a good time 
doing it, just as all of us are. 

Did everyone see how easy lhat 
was? Next time. ('II attempt to unite 
several other traditionally disparate 
entities: the co-ops with the adminis-
tration, the Young Americans for Free-
dom with the International Socialist 
Club and Ihe Koala with an amu ing 
joke. 

Monday, February 22,1993 

FEES: Students 
may be shelling out 
$440 more next year 
ContInued from pale 1 
budget shortfall inceJanuary. when 
Gov. Pete Wilson propo ed a $138 
million cut for the 1993-94 a a-
demic year. 

The latest proposnl follow $254 
million in cut in Ihe last rwo years. 

"There are advantages and di -
advamnges to every option, and ev-
ery combinat ion of option that we 
can offer for your approval. We are 
struggling to find rhe least damag-
ing mix," Peltason said. 

At present , the UC only has a 
working plan. Proposals will nor be 
considered by the full board until its 
March meeting. Pehason and other 
top officials will make a recommen-
dation on the budget prior 10 the 
meeting. 

For UC students who are look-
ing at the fourth consecutive year of 
fee increases, the budget options are 
full of "bad choices and worse 
choices," according to Tobin Freid, 
president of the University of Cali-
fornia Students Association 
(UCSA). 

''I'm encouraged by this range of 
options. I am concerned, however, 
that the presentation and discussion 
regarding fees tends to focus on 
j ustifying further fee increases," 
Freid saici 

THEFfS: On 
campus bicycle thefts 
increasing this year 
Continued from paCe 1 
backpack, making it difficultto catch 
the thief. 

"The valueofbike keep increas-
ing, [so] it 's better to spend about 
$25 on a good lock and use it prop-
erly than to get the bike stolen," 
Reuther said. The average value of 
bicycles stolen last year was $300. 

Sixty bicycles were stolen in 1992 
because they were left completely 
unlocked, according to police sta-
tistics. 

When possible, Reuther says 
police officers pick up unlocked 
bicycles, take them to the police 
station, and wait for the owners to 
report them stolen. 

Because of recent budget CUIS, 
however, police no longer have the 
manpower to search for unlocked 
bikes, Reuther said. 

Police advise students to make 
sure thatlhe front tire and the frame 
of their bicycles are locked to the 
bike rack, not just the front tire to the 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617, prr spring Frr 
summer, manage 6-l 0 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production. 
Positions going fast , 

Call now. 
1-800-400-9332 

PLEASE BABY PWSE 
.... other ....... _ In tile 
au .... CI ... 1fIeds 

Upot.IB In the Student Center. Bui ldlnc A. 

Freid spoke to the regent in sup-
port of a five percent salary cut, but 
uggesled a 10 percent cut for those 

eaming more than $50,000 per year, 
She al 0 sugge ted cutting "top-

heavy" admini tration by eliminat-
ing assistnnt vice presidents and as-
sistant vice chancellors, reducing 
student enrollment and raising fa -
ulty teaching loads by one class per 
year, 

To a far greater extent than in 
previous budget debate ', there was 
earnest di cussion of long-term so-
lution at Thursday's meeting. Se -
eral regent took issue with the 
"band-aid" measure being di s-
cussed. "We've been nibbling the 
university to death:' Regent-de ig-
nate Roy Shults aid. "We 've been 
sharing pain to the point where we 
keepsharingitthi way, we'lIdie[if] 
the death of a thou and cuts, 

"There will come a point some-
time after the tum of the century 
when we will have no money avail-
able to us from the state. And we are 
sitting herewithasquirt gun .. . when 
there is a fireball looking at us down 
the line," he said. 

In light of the waning commit-
ment to the uni versity from t he State 
Legislature, the regents have an 
obligation to radically change the 
way things are run. including look-
ing at stl"Jtegies for relea ing the 
unive rs iryfromdependencyon rate 
funding, Shults told Ihe board. 

rack, Front tires often have quick 
release mechanisms which allows a 
thief to leave the front tire con-
nected to the rack while making off 
with the rest of the bicycle, Reuther 
said. 

The UCSD Police Department is 
working to increase their surveil -
lance in order to deter wou ld-be 
bicycle thieves. Community Ser-
vice Officers (CSOs) patrol parking 
lots and dorm areas where many 
bicycles are locked up at night . Start-
ing in March, there will be a day 
patrol as well. 

"CSOs are a deterrent because of 
their visibility ," said CSO Coordi-
nator Greg Koran. 

Ultimately, it is the student's re-
sponsibility to take preventative 
steps, Reuther said. 

" (t is the manner in which people 
lock their bikes that puts them at 
risk," he said. 

In addition, it is mandatory for a 
person to register their bicycle if 
used on campus. " If the bicycle is 
stolen, it can be returned totheowner 
[when it is found]," Reuther said. 

-Staff Writer Julie Pak 
contributed to this story 

H ....... 
.... ,orIt 
.......... nDC 
...... 
MalcoCity 
........ 

Paris 
'.,': :~':led~01_·~ __ ._ ., ....... 

Studer( st.t"" mty be: rt:qlJmj . 
......... "..." ... 

Council Travcd 
ucso Price emu (by th£ Post Office) 

451·0630 

The UC 0 Guardian 

UCB: Court denie Burnett's 
request to halt disestablishment 
Continued from page 1 
the University Centers fee forthe purpose ofretaining 
independe/ll legal counsel. 

After the ' uit was amended enrlier Ihis month, the 
administration moved 10 dissolve the politically-ac-
tive student board. 

Burnett snid that he and other fomler members of 
the board will continue their efforts to reestablish the 
board despite Friday '- setb'lck. 

He 'aid the tempomry restraining order "is some-
thing that is very difficult to get" nnd rhe coun 's decbion 
only indicaled that the judge did not believe Wat::.on· 
action would do "irreparable harm" 10 Ihe UCB, 

"In tenn of actual merits of the C[l;,e. I! 'S not over," 
Bumen said. 

Fomler UCB Vice Chair Aaron Goodman said he 
aw the coun 's ruling as a reafflmlation of Wat on's 

decision to disestablish the UCB and a sign of suppon 
for the Vice Chancellor's Advisory Board on the Stu-

NEW 7 

dent Centers, which Watson created to replace Ihe UCB 
"I hope we can put this petty whining behind us and 

get 011 wi th the work that needs to be done." Goodman 
sa id. 

Director of Special Affairs ick Aguilar, who is 
erving as an attomcy for the university in Ihe ca~e, 

agreed with Goodman. "Now the advisory board wi ll 
be able to continue it ~ busines that is so importam to 
Ihe universi ty:' Aguilar said. 

A mis ion statement for the new board. describing 
its role as an advisory body, was distributed to former 
UeB members h~t week, 

Former Fifth College representative to the UCB 
Andrew Clark said he was troubled by the word ing of 
the stalement. 

According to Clark, the document is in disagree-
ment with UCSD's "Guidelines for Siudent Fee-
funded Facilities." a document drafted by the UCSD 
administration in 1987 outlined the "juri sdiclion" of 
student advi sory groups. 

Clark said the new document implies Ihat Ihe new 
board will have diminished authority. 

~========~========~ 

Short on cosh? $ No problem, SENOR PES(A'S got 0 GREAT DEAL on Iwo of 
our tasty combo plotes . 

Come on in and enjoy the great o Fish locos, which ore grilled, NEVER FRIED. 
Senor Pesco hos 0 complete Mexicon menu including Burritos, lorlos, Quesodillsos ond 

Combo pill", PLUS, longy ~orgorm. ond rros~ Mexi!On Be." 

SenOR Pesea 
CAFE MEXICANA 

11 :30 - 8:30 Sunday - Thursday • 11 :30 - 9:30 Friday & Saturday 
Lo Jollo Village Drive at Regents Rood, next to Anthony's La Jolla 

PlIone: 457-0597. FDlI: 457-5099 

r-T;;.~~--; r~;ka;h~~Ta;i 
: Pollock Tacos I I & Three Fish Taquitos I 

!OIC !! OIC ! 
I I I Rico or Beans I 

-!.I I!_ 
~========~~======~ 

2.50 



8 CALENDAR 

~Cl=lDEMIC 
SERVICES 
McI!dIJy rhfOlCh Ftlday 

. 8 8.m .... :3O o.m. (Frlday·3 p.m .) - The OASIS 
UIIIIu..- PtoCram prcMdes assistance to s\Uden1S 
wl10Se na\lYe laniIJace Is not ErCiIS/\ end 10 1l1Ose 
oolng wor>. In J~se. German. SpenlSh. French 

andVlet~ese. A dJecnostic lest on wntten Enilish 
IS .... 11_ on rOQuest. Cell 534-2284 for Info. 
(weell1)o) 
• 8 a.m .... :30 p.m.-The OUIS SC"",," ' Writ ... 
Worillahop prOVideS flee indIVidual and Iroup 
conferences to .ssis t students With Wfllll'lC ptqects 
SWW also olfers free word processln& flC/lltles and 
computer .sstSt8n<:e. StopbyYorl< Holl4010 Q(call 
534·734410 .. lleOule an .ppoIntment. (Wet1l1)o1 
• 8:30 8 m.·4 :30 p.m. - Let OASl5 Study 
M.nacement Center help)'OU thiS Quarterwtth time 
manllllement. note taking and edlllnc. textbook 
analysIs. memory. flexible/Speed readlrC. vocabulary 
development Bnd GRE/LSAT/MCAT verbal 
comprenenSlon. Stop D\' YQ(k Hall 4010 or CBII5J4-
7344 to set up a personat aopointment. Also. stay 
00 the Iookoul fo< IIlc:>se valu8bte OASIS Study S,"lIs 
Worl<ShOO and \he GRE Wethena SpeclatS. (week/j<) 
. 8 a m. 4.30 p.m. - The OASIS Wrltlnc Center IS 
8 tree seMCe 'Of all UCSO stUdents. We offer one to 
one wrlhng conferences for any type ot wntu'lg 
prOject - academIC 08pers. personal statements. 
even stories and POems Our staff of trained 
undergraduates. 'ffhocome from 8 variety of academIC 
diSCiPlines. CM nelp you become a more effectl" 
writer Call 534 2284 to make an 8ppontment or 
drop by OUI offICe In the old Student Center, Buli(hn& 
A. Room 214 (weekly) 

Mooday. Fe/) 22 
• J 3:50 p.m. - M emory T.chnlq.... O.\SIS 
Stuoy Manllllement center. YQ(k Hall 4010. F'ce. 
Prcrll!glstr9110n IS recomOleneJed , 534·7344 

Thursday. Feb 25 
• 11 8.m - Study or Intemshlps In Britain -
Botler UniverSity OAP Info session In the Intem llOnai 
Center conference room. Semester or yeat abroad 
optionS. 
• 2 -00p m -SludyIn Austr3h8Of NewZeBland fOf 
8 semester or yea'" Butler UniverSity OAP Info 
Sesslon In the tnterrauonal Center Conference Room. 

LECTURES 
Tuesday. FtJb. 23 

• 4-6 a.m. - Re ...... ntailon of Women of Cofor In 
the Media - Panel diSCUSSion With Afro AmetlC8n 
film maker Julte D.sn. Cyntle Pltlf)l)S, Snauna Garr. 
OlWlne 8anlow. Room 104, SoilS Hall. Call 55& 
6204 for Infonnabon. 
• 8 a.m. - Free scrcenlng of Julie 0 sh·. ftlm 
OauCh1ers of the Oust A question and answer 
seSSIOn ""Itn JulIe DaSh ImmedIAtely fonaws the 
screenmg IRIPS audltOflum 

Wed""sdd) Feb. 24 
• 112:30 pm. Careers In tho Media: Survival 
""PI fo, ,I,"lc.".,I,merlean, - Panel diSCUSSIOn ana 
luncheon With Juhe Dash. eynlle PhippS. Shauna 
Gafr. and Dlame 8artlow. MountaIn View lounIe 
558J)204 ror Informauon. 
. 7 p .m. - · Clll llen, .. fOf U.S. Fo,ol,n Policy In 
the New World DflOrdor" - Aora lewiS. New York 
Times Robinson BuildIng Comptel auditor ium. 
. 1 p.rn leadership Seminar. Fund R.I.!n, -
JOin us fOl 8 f,ee seminar With Jeff Symon. the 
Notional Sales Manogcr for XEWT Channel '2 on 
Fund RaiSing. If you miSsed It the rlrst t ime. thIS IS 
your last cnancel Our pteSenterwl1i teacnyou loeam 
the e .. ua cash ~ need and hoW to "ave fun OOlna 
It I 
. 7 pm. - A Cherokee N.tlon · "Ancient W1SOOm 
'n Today', World'" Film and guest speaker Dr 
GwendJlle COOp("r ~ponSOf(!O ~ NASA tNatl\.e 
Amellcan Student Alliance). Galbr81Ul Hdlll118 

rhursday. Feb. 25 
• 7 p.m. Human Rl,hto Abuse. - Somalia and 
Algeria Pete'son Hall. room 108 

FnaBy. Feb 26 
• 12 p m The PrDg'am In Re ligIOUS 51UOICS aO(J 
Ihe Middle East StudIes Progrdrn prescnt a seminar 
by MarCia Hermnnsen of the SDSU Dep rtment of 
Rcl'iloUS Stud,cs. The sem,nartoPic Will be. "Vlslono 
as 'Good to think ': .. amplel from P .... Modem 
Illamlc My.~ ... " All are wetcome to alteno. Ptease 
Dring a brOYon-bag luncn. 
• 7:30 p.m. - Olstlngulshed American wnte' N. 
Sott Momaday Will present a lecture 8::. one 8Spect 
Of a three"'ayredldlC.~on celOOratlon of the enlarged 
ana lenovate<! UCSD Central Lil'rSry. Mom&d8y, 
currently Regents Professor of EnglIsh 81 the 
UnIverSity of Afllona. won the Puhlilor Pnze for 
fic tion In 1969. an award 't\h lCh helped launch the 
Amencan lnolan cultural renaissance of the seventies 
and eightIes. 

HfJlLTH 8. f iTNESS 
M()()(JayFrrikry 

• 9 a.m. J p.m. - F,ee fitne .. _ment 
tnrough FlTSTOP. Come by second ilOOr Siudent 
Health and make on appointment tOday! (weell1)o) 

Monday-11lursday 
• (2 p.m .• Man; 10 a.m. & 1 p.m .. Tues.; HB.m. & 
1 p.m . Wed.: 10 8.m. & 1 p.m .• Thurs.)- HOW 
QUICkly do sperm travel up the vagIna to the uterus? 
ApproXimatly 90 seconds. Conce,ned obout 
unprotected ... 1 Come to the Women 's Se:CU81 
Health Info session . Free condOm. 2nc1 noer SIU<lent 
Health SeMCe. 

Wed""sdayF,rdfIY 
. (\~ed 14pm.: rhur. 24p.m : Fri. l-4p.m.)-Are 
IOu conterned lbout your blood clIoIell.rol lev.l? 
Come to Student Healtn ServICe to find out. ThiS 
qUIck and pamless screening IS only $5 . No 
appcuntment needed. 

SERVICES 8. 
WORKSHOPS 

MoodS) Fooay 
. 8 a m.4:30 p.m. - SIGI + C","puter-baSld pro. 
,ram of career Information oeslgne<l to help yay 
clanty your skJlIs. values and interest. For more 
InformatIon. come to the Career SeMceS Center. 
$10. (weel./t) 
. 9 a.m. 5 p.m. - Women', Rnowrce Center PH r 
Counselinc -Feelltke no one unoerstands? wOtnen 
counsekHs trained by Psych. ServICeS avsllable to 
help With cnseSOr grve SUPDOrt Inj referrals for your 
needs. Confidential. safe space. Walk In or by 
appointment. Located in the Old Student Center 
Bldg. A. 534-2023. (weell1)o) 
• 1.30-4 p.m. - DRONN ADVISING HOURS - Fo< 
help With career goals . jOb hunting . resume 
pt'eparattOn Q( explonnc pt'ofesstOnal or graouBte 
school OPport\KlltMtI , No appointment needed. tolt 
walk In to the Career ServtCes Center. (weell1)o) 
• MENTOR - Graduaong thIS quarter and job-
seek",,? We' ll match IOu With a prof ••• lonolln your 
field who Wlilaet you starteG net",orl"ni In the lOCal 
job market Sign up at Career Services. (week/)') 

Monday. FtJb. 22 
. 11 a.m. - llowto Inte ...... tor MedIe-' Of Other 

_n~ Pro_IO ... 1 SC_II - Euantlal fo< 
pattl(:lpants In spllnK qUlne'" mOCk IntlM", 
progr,",. Career SeIVlOeS Center. Free. 

. l2-2 p.m.-_~of_"'''''' 
~ "'-t .... - A iIOUP 10 eapIore 
wowrc uo willi on _lIc parent. Mountain VIew 
lJ>u"Ce. no fee. Le_: leanne t.lenese. 534-3035. 
. 2·3p.m. - LMIIIIn..,w.. ..... _---'" 
wrtn Dao.Id. 00 you hove I quellion aboUt )OUt 
... uallty? 00 you need an unoerstandlrc person \0 
UIIk to? Drop tn & ieI'. r./k. LocIWG In the 1*1' 
oounsellnC offlce (near Mac 's Place & Library LOUlge 
tn Price Cnll. ) Call 534-3987 tor detarls. (-k/)') 
• 1:30 p.m . - JM ...... h 101 - BOll of atl job 
vacanc>es are unadverttSed. This wor>.snop";llteaclt 
you the most e!feet ... wet \0 find them. Career 
Services Center • 
• 4-5 p.m. - SlATE: _ UberoI Alta TraI .. ", 
for Employment - ThiS workShoP. especatlly 
~gned fo< liberal arts ,"-S. will get you fOCUsed 
on I career flel(S and ,cady 10 look fOf W'Of"k WlJUSl nve 
1-Iv. se ...... s. SIGN UP EARLY! 510. 

TiI_.y. FtJb. 23 
. 1(}l1:3O B m. - LoN and MO<rmlnc - A g,oup 
lor StUOenlS who WiSh to e'pIOre new ways 10 gneve 
tII8 death of a loved one. 1003 GH. no fee. LUCIer: 
Robin Reed Spaulding. 534~25t1. and Ron Lane. 
534-0250. Call for Slgr>up 
. 12p.m.-OradWiteSc:r-Ilnfo. s...Jon -How 
to ",epare and apply to PIt.D/ MA/MS or?W""'S. 
Cllfeer SeMCeS Center. F,ee. 
. 12·1 p.m.-LnItIartpybl ... u" _rcoo_l", 
With Steve 00 yOU have a QveS\JOf'I about ,our 
.. ",allty? 00 you need an unoerstandlng person to 
talk to? Droa tn & let s talk. Located In the peer 
coooset"'ll office tnear Mac's Place & Ltbr"'l' t.ounae 
'" Pllee Cnt, ) Call 534·3987 fo< detads (oeell1)o) 
. 12.30 p.m. - On-Camerolntlrvlo"na 5kllil tor 
Employment - USlnl ~!deo , IfnPf'oveyour tectwvQue 
throughpr8CtJte andvalualllefeedbaCk. Pr&<CQurSl . 
tnterv.ewtn& SkillS WorkShOp. SIflII up at career 
SaNteeS Relerence Room . 
• 6:308 p.m. - Gnoduote Goy/ BiMxual M.n·, 
Support Group - A s.fe. confidential weekly group 
(or grad students to diSCUSS I!j.soe~ about sellioMy. 
Led by Mall. Student Cntr. ' 8" lower level conf. 
room. No fee. Call 534 3987 fo< detailS. ("CCIl1)o) 

weGlOOscay. FeD. 24 
. 9-10:30 a.m . - Support Group fIor Oider G.-ot. 
w_ - 2126 HSS. no fee . leaders' Beverty 
McCreary and Jane Pau • 
• 1()'1I:3O a.m. - Support Group for Older 

U_~.ndR_ngSt_-Ute'8(ure 
Bldg. Rm. 3240. no fee. Leader: DiMd BlISlland. 
534·3987. Call for s",,-up 
• 3 p.m. - Procrootlnators' Group - Revelle 
COflegeProvost'S Blog .. no lee. Leader HugnPates. 
• 3-4:30 p m.-Chlcon% , latino/I, Mu~lcultU'" 
Support Group - A group to dl5aJSS relationships, 
familia , patents. ecoronlCS, self-eJ.pectahons and 
"""".Leader: Oan Munoz. 534-1579. R8Ye1h!CoIlege 
Provo Bldg. No fee. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Greduato Mon' •• nd WOtnIn·. 
Thentpy 8roup - A group fo, areOJate students 
Interested In 6ploMg relationshIPS. academiC/ 
orofesslonal ISSueS. and personal concems. 1003 
GH. no fee. leaders: Mill...., Iosupovtcl . 534-0255, 
ana AMn AN.fez . Call fOf SlifWp • 
. 45 p.m - SLATE: Senior Uberal Arts T,.lnI.rc 
fo, Employment - thIS workshoo. eSpecially 
deSigned for lIbera' drts motOls . .. III get you focused 
on. caree. nelO anc:J resay to too ... rOt WOtk In Just five 
1 h,. sesstons SIGN UP tARLyr 510 
• 5-6:30 O.m. - lesbian/ Bisexual Women'. 
SullQOrt GrOup - v,e ·re a conriden~.1 weel<ly dro~ 
In g,oup open to all UCSD sllJdcnts . A safe & fnend ly 
atmosPhere wnere )<)u can ope-nly (lISCUSS )'Our 
sexuahty Led by Cttelt ana Lisa. 1",,00 Room. 2no 
floo< PrlceCenter . CaH534 3987 for detailS . (wee1l1)o) 

The UCS D Guardian 

• e:J0.8 p.m. - ..,~ _. '-' 
,_ - We 're I confIOontiei ~ d<wln crouP 
open to all UCSO 'tudents. A life & friendly 
IImOljlhene where you con ddcuu ~r _ tty. 
Led by D8\IkI & Steve. SUIent Cntr. 'S" lOwer Ie\Iet 
coni. room. Cal 5a.-3N7. (WH1I1)o) 

lIIUtIC8y. FeO. 2' 
. 12:30 a.m. - ~r ... ' Ior ..... ..... -..... -
Learn techn~ ~ired to be succe .. fuI in the 
interview process. Career _ Center. F_ . 
. 2:30 p.m. - C-"'< ..... In till 10' • • WIoefe 
cit )'011 fit In? - Flnd out IOOUt the variety of 
computer .. attltt<JjOOs 111811_. Put ~,computer 
slutls to work! Career 5eMces Ceniet . Free. 
. 2·3p.m - LMbIonpy ........... ___ '" 
W1\Il Usa. 00 you h..... a question IIIlout your 
.. ",atrty? 00 you need an I.tnder$~ person to 
tat1t to? Drop In & lot's tJIj Located In \he peer 
_Inc 011"", (near Mac', Place & llbrory L",-""" 
tn PrICe Cnll.) Call 534·3987 for detail. (Weekly) 
. 5:307pm. - CommonIl ...... nd~lIroup­
Are you \he fnenc Q( IOYeG one of a leSOlen. 11"1' or 
Ofse",aI person? 00 )'OU want \0 1>1 tIUpClOrtlIIe bUt 
aren't sure how? Drop In, we ' re I weekty safe & 
conftdentlat group thBl addresses YOUI needs. Pnce 
Center·Berkleley room. C.II 534-3987 for more 
details. 

Friday. Feb. 26 
.~10 · 30 a.m. - WOIMft Molested. ChIIdren -
A """"forwomen_sof chlldhood/adolescent 
s.:xuat abuse 1003 GH. no fee. leaders' ee.erty 
H&r)u. 534 2237. anCI Phil RapMel. 534-0252 . Call 
for .tgn-up. 
. 12·1 p.m - t.esbIon py btM ........... rcourweUr. 
w,tIl Chell. 00 you have 8 queitlOn about your 
selUal.ty? (0)'OU r.eed on understandlrC person ~ 
talk to? Drop In & Iet·S talk. Located In \he peer 
counselrng office (near Mac' SPlace & Uoraryloong8 
In PrtC" Cnu .) C8I1 534 3987 for detatls. (weeldy) 
• 12:JO.2 p.m. -PI~AoI." Community Forum -
Oropm &fOUP addressll'C concerns of AsI80/Paclfl(: 
Islande, students. leaders: Jeanne Manese. 534-
3035. IO'ld AMn Alvarez. Mountain Vw:w Lounge. 
Orcp-ln. (weell1)o) 
• 1 p.m. - M~ttaIIft R .... mt -learn now to 
make apoSltM! ImPfeS$IOOWl th)lOUr resl.mt. Career 
SeNK:es Center. Flee. 
. 2·4 p.m. - AIcoItot and s.. .. _ AIIu .. llroup 
- SuPf)Orltve envIronment fOf diSCUSSIng problems 
related to atcoltot and SUOstance abUse. Leo"er: 
Dan Munoz. ~34·15T9. Revelle Coiles< Prov. 011. No 
fee. 
• 4-6 p.m. - C_ Block Forum - Info rmal 
g,oup fQ( AfrIC8I>MlerlCan students. Leader: PM 
Raphael, 5J4.{)252. Mountain View LounQO, no fee . 

CLUBS 8-
MEETINGS 

Mondwy. Feb 22 
• 50.m. - 5t~cltnt ErtYtronmental Ac tlon CoeJltion 
M .. ~", - Bet Involved In Earth Day, recycltni. an 
erMlonmental newspaper ana mUCh more, Office 
208 Student Center . directly above Soft Reserves 
E.eryane 15 welcomel IWt!f!I<Iy) 
a 7 p.m. - Astan American Chri.tlan FellowshIp 
meets at the Pnce Center Cove . Everyone "e!come 
to come fOf 8 time Of ¥'()(Snlp, 8 message, and 
leIlQWSh,p. 6 p.m. p'iII'er mccoog at the Cove right 
berore the meeting. 
• 7 p.m. - Circle M InterNtlonal - Community 
servICe organllabonmcets In Gallery 8. PIiceCenter. 
Come lOin us. (weekly) 

• 7 pm. - IMA ............... - GIl 
"-_ LGaA,ou '1I meIoe f __ '-. 
ereat lime hII~ ouL _ ~ ~ buIInessl 
-lJrCs .... the WAC. ~) 

TuesdIy. ,.". 23 
. 12 pm. - M-.- COmIf Of Gilman Dr. 
an(! Ruperw. Wet, MMC 202, In '*II conference 

room .(~ 
-...sday, FtJb. 24 

. 1·2p.m·-__ "_CACA)-
12 .. tep If_ meetI'II. ""'- of aroua It 10 
wetcome and 11M comfort to cItIItIren Of -.. 
FIN. arIOr\)'mOUS """ con~. Price Cent .. 
Admin. 2nd ftoor _ FoOd Court. tnnne Room. 
Evel)Otle welcome . 753-2106. (~ 
• 1·3 p.m. - F-'tJ. ItuoIrWIt.Stllf IIIIrIr8c1Ioot 
meets fOf IUnCllIO Informatly discuss on toc>ICS of 
today; .. I stueents and fllCUlIY •• welcome \0 join. 
For more Info: Cllfts 558-2103. (weeItJ)ol 
. 3 am. - The R_ Carnrnut.r --,._ 
needs people like you. Weekly meetJngs are at \he 
Revelle proYOsrs offIee.( weekl)') 
• 4 p.m. - TIll'" Colle.e Tranofe,+R-..n1'l' 
5 __ (TRU) _", - DIscuss proalem" 
sotutt()ns. QueSuons . an<! answers anJt beln& a 
u .... fer Q( re-entry student. (weekly) 
• 4-6 p.m. - All welcome ! StuoMnt Alll rmatJ .. 
Actlon C_ Mee~n&. santa Bart>ara/LOS 
Ang.tes room. Price Cente,. (week/)') 

TltursdBy. FtJb. 26 
. 5:30 p .m - Woman'. R __ Center_kJy 
eoItectIve 1NOUn& In a safe open space lor women . 
Fem.nlst discuSSlon$. emPOwerm&nt . poiltiCSI 
actIVI5m. 50001 change. supCQrl and eOuClltKln. 
Come hang out leI's leam from each otllef . Old 
Student Center A. 534-2023. ( ..... k/)') 

FndilY. Feb. 27 
• T:3(HO a.m. - Come to the Rewlle Commuter 
B .. okfMt at trte Revelle COtnmUler Lounce . All ~ 
can eat for hatf • 00ck. (weekI)? 
• 10:30 8.m. - Jo," Third CofIoCe Commuter 
Board an<! help plan events. Meetin&5 at Third 
Coflege Dean's conference room. (WffkI)1 
. 12 a.m . - M _tt", - Comer of Gilman Or. 
anCI Rupertus WW/, MMC 202. In large conference 
room. (week ll1 
. 2:30 p .rn - Natlwe A ... rfc:on S_m AII-. 
(NASA) meets weekly on Fridays at the GrD¥e. Come 
and ,et Invohledl (weekM 

SurIc1ay. Feb. 20 
• 6:30 p.m. - ~ Pili OmIp - UCSD's only 
wed seNtce fralerrwty meets at MMC 11.1A (near 
PrICe Center). Come an<! meet other stu<lents like 
""","if. whO like 10 have tun willie helping )"OUt' 
SCI100f an<! oommunIty. Everyone is welCome and 
eocouraaed to come. (week/),) 

EVENTS 8-
RECRfJHION 

~I/}"Sunday 
• f8 a m.·l1 p.m .. Mon.·Thurs.: 8 • . m.~ p.rn .. Fri.: 
9 •. m.5 p.m .. Sal.; 1 p.m.lIp.m .. Sun.}-
PIIot ..... P'" 01 ..... of Son Il'aio· .... t_n 
)mmuolc'-.8SweilosnattonatlyknOWnmustCtanS 
who hIM! perfOfllled to San Olea<>. Will be on drsplay 
Ul the Itstentng room of the Centrat Library throu&h 
March 28 . 

Mondll)'-Thursday 
. 9 p.m 2 a.m. - New lat. nllhl 00_ hOU .. 00 
campus. "Cafe Diane anne Che .· Mon-Thurs .. Gooo 
musIC. Yummy Oaked goods. Specialty coffees + 
t.a • . Open mike .. (weekly) 

illustration by Adriano Munoz' 

Mooday. February 22,1993 

T~ 
• 1.2-5 p.m. - Three ~ artists wi. __ 
their wor1< In .. __ titlord ~ 
........ ;..., _ __ ltthe ........... GaIIery 
lhrouCh March 7. Artworlt dlspl.,.s ·di .. rl8 
--,,"So ~ \I) ellcll ~""" ghySlCII ,,_ fIom tile ~." 

n ..... FtO. 23 
. 4-6 p.m . ... _ .... .,W_of~ ... 
__ -p_ cIooaaslon with ... _ 
film m_ Juloe Oash. CynIIo PIt OPS. Shatlte G8rT. 
Dianne Battlow. Room 104. SolIs Hall. Catl 5~ 
8204 fOf informatIOn. 
. 7p.m.-___ - Aponelof 

speakers WIlt debete on Utis topIC "" it OjIpIteS to 
educatJon and the worIIQIace. Audience oertidoabOn 
enoourlCed. AI __ LocaIion: Yorl< 2722 • 
Event sponsored by Flnl Alplta Detta pr_. CCHd 
fra\emcty. 
. 8 p m - __ Ve"'t" - Price Center Theeter. 
Repeats at 10:30 p.m. $1 admISSIon. 
• 8 p.m. - Free SCteentng of ""lie 0III/I '. 11m 

~ ... of 1M Dwt. A Question and ans_ 
H SSton "lin oasn fOllOWS. IRIPS auClltorium. 

W~. FtJb. 24 
.8am.·3p.m .-A_~S_ 
lAaderohip CoaIere.- - The ThIrd Annuat Sl\XIent 
Leader$r.o Conference Win inVOlve ua to 300 high 
SChOol students an<! 60 hlCUI\Y/acIuItS In wor>.shOf)S 
aimed It eounterectine racism ar.d prejudICe . 
Wor\o..sllopS proyIOe P8rtictpenlS WIlli the me .... to 
confront pr .. udoceln their tlves Keynote soo_ will 
tie Denise YamOCla. anchor. cn. 39. KNSD-1V. 
• 8-10:30 a.m. - W ... n Colle .. Cornmutlf 
a_ klMt - Meet fellow commute' students and 
dl SCUSS ISSueS. Second noer Uter8ture eundlrc 
conference room. Alt you can eai Only SOt l ( ..... kJy) 
• 11·2.30 p.m. - c..... 1n till _a: Sum. .. 
TlpetorA~IcII_-Panel"lscusslonand 
lUncheon with )ulle Dash. CyrIlie Phlf)l)S, Sh .... a 
Garr. and DI8me Bartlow. Mountain View lOUnge. 
558-6204 for informatJon. 
• 12 p.m. - u.nch on tIte Hump -{;ome out and 
eat lunch With LGBA. Brlng)"OUt' own food. ( ..... kM 

ThursdfIY. Feb. 25 
• 10 :30 a.m. - Newly inBUilJrated Unhorolty of 
cali fomtaP_ldem.lackW . ... _ wln mel<ehiS 
first of!ldat visit to UCSO dunna • ceremony whtch 
aI so Will mer!< rededIC8lIon of \he renovated Central 
Library anCI the Un lvetsrty'sl25th annlvelsary. Event 
Will nesln on tne forum level o f the lib,ary. 
Refreshments. lOurs, and speakers to follow. 
. 2 a.m. - Film and discussion on "T_ Santoo: 
The SUrv~." IWl hour-long documentary about 
ciVil war in Guatemala . Sponsored by OSI LA • 
O'1lanlzaUOn ofStuoents tnterested In Latin America. 
Institute of the Americas eull"lng. upstairs 
conference room. 
• 6 p.m. - All _ un HI Thursday night supper 
for $2. Sooosored by the UCSDClIlhoIic Communrty. 
Coma to the UniVersity Lutheran ChurCh. (w .. kl)? 
. 6 :30 p.m. - "QlenprT)lQIon R_ " - 6 :30p.m .. 
Pnce Cenler Theater. Repeats at 9 and 11:30 p.m. 
$2/ienerat edmisslon: SI/ edvance fee. 
. l.0 p.m. - PMtty HIIMIt Cell DIane at the Ch&. 
Brin&your ..... . listen to others 0< dO boIIt. (WHlrM 

Friday. FtJb. 26 
• 7:30 p.m . - DIstingUIShed American wnter N. 
Sott _y Will present a tecture as one aspect 
of a three<llft/redtdication celebration of \heenlllf88Cl 
an<! renovated UCSO CenUai Library. Momaday. 
currentl~ Regents Professor of English at the 
Untverslty of Anzona. won the Puhtizer PrIze for 
fiction in 1969. an eward which helped launch the 
AmerICan indian cultural renaissance ofthe seventles 
and elghtJes. 
• 8 p.m. - The Paul Taylor Dance COntpllly -
HOlled by Critics end audiences alike both nauonalty 
IWld IntematJortally. MandevIlle Auditonum. 525/ 
ienerat admission; 515/stU<lenlS. rICkets 8t PrIce 
Center Box Office. 
. 8 p .m. - Sancam P_"_ Doew"'" -
A 5erm fonnat on a OOat. TICkets on sale at the Prica 
Center Bo, OffICe. Sl.O. 

Saturday. Feb. 27 
. 9:30 a.m. - Forest In tIte Sea - A speCIal class 
for Children agos 4 and 5to expenence an Undersea 
forest Without aettl"4! wet. No parents. Pie .... 
Stephen Birch Aqu8num. Advance reservatlOOs are 
required. $15 admission. For Info . call 534-8665. 
• J. 7 p.m. - Illustrated talks on foods of till New 
W_WlII be8Ner\ in 8 orogremoelebratingAmer<:a's 
culinary nerltlllle co-sPOnsored by \he Central Ublary 
and the American InStrMe 01 Wine and Food, San 
Diego Chapter. A reception f.Bturinll NeW World 
foods follows . 515/ AIWF members; 525/non-
members. Room ll1A. Chancello<'s Complex.. 
• 7 p .m.·12 a.m. - Circle K tntemati,,",,1 presents 
the annual sem I-format "1 __ Ball Ot \he 
InternatIOnal Center. $1.0 pe' person. Food . .... et1e ty 
of musk:. raMes. mask cootest. 
. 8 p.m. - ~ Strine QIIOrtot - Since this 
quartet was formed twenty years ago in Pr~. 
Czechostoval<la.lt has competed and won hOnOr$ln 
mus ic fest ivals worl dwide. Know n (or its 
perfO<mancesof Czech mUSIC. Mandevilie Auditorit.m. 
5 18/generat admissi on . Price Center 80x Offoe. 
• 9 p .m. - The John Muir lhaatre Troupe proudly 
pt'esents . ..... '. Johm)"" John Muir's FInII F1&Itt. 
Free! TOIl of the Quad (Muir Cafeteria). A one-act 
sc:neWbIfI mU*1II comedy for everyone! 

SUndl'/Y. Feb. 28 
. 3 p.m. - Two fIoM tooIII 01 till UCSD __ ere 
offered this fi ll by the UC50 ViSItOrs Pn:rgram. The 
bus t ours are \he first and third SunOays of tacit 
monlll from the Gilman Information Pevilion. The 
welkini lOUrs are on altemate S<.w>c!eys from the 
Gilm an Information P8III11on. Reservations ; cal l 534-
441.4.(WHlrIl1 
• 8 p.m. - The P ... t TIJI« _ ~­
Hailed by crltles and audienceS akke balll nationally 
IIn<I intematlonally. Mandeville Auditorium. S25/ 
general lICImisSlQr1; $1.5/studenlS. rlCklelS at PrIce 
Center Box Office. 

RELIGIOUS 
SERVICES 

MoMay. FtJb. 22 
• 7 p.m. - Come t o the __ CItrIotfM 

~. Meets at Price Center eo.e. Pr_ 
m eetInC at6 o.m. 

weanesday. FtJb. 24 
• Il p.m. - __ .. rvea lII' lutheran 
Campu. Ministry. Everyone Is .... Icome. Uniwtrsi\y 
Lutheran Churth (across fran _ lie COllege). 
• 7 p .m. - "_ out"- Bible study led by 
stUClemS of the u.ther.., Communi\y at UCSO. Ooon 
to lilt . Llniver1i\y Lutheran Church (~ross the street 
from Reoelle CoIIep). 
• 7 : 30 P.m.-AIII ... ...., .... wIthCIIIIOIIC, 
Lutheran. Episoopel _ United _.t campus 
ministries. All .... welc:omfJ. University Lutheran 
Chun:Ii (Across the street from Revelle CoIl ... ). 

F~. FtJb. 26 
• 1.2 p.m. - _ ,....., ....,., in the PrIce 
Center. For Info. calt YUSIIIl 450-4681. ~) 
. 6p.m. - Studentsle_ for-..IIM e_ 
It MI. Patomar. Meet In porItIng lot "" ~ 
Lutheran CIlJrth. Cell 4~1 fOf raervllions. 
• T p.m. - MIl)' NIIM UIre-NaviCetors Cttr10tJan 
Fel_p. Soe-: DuAnne Snow. YOtk 2722. 

So.ncU!Y. Fee. 27 
. l.0:151.m. -~ __ ....... AI4 ... 
welcome. tlnlwlll\)' Lutheran Churdl. 

Monday, February 22. 1993 

fREE MEMO BOARD 
when you win the 

N2RTHERN 
EXPOSURE 
TRIVIA GAME 

FREE CANDY 
when you play 

~ •• Pili':· ~ i.lllalla 

FREE MUSIC CASSEnE 
when you win at the basketball 

SHOOT 

WIN A fREE CD 
OR POSTER at the 

UPCOMING 
AnRACTIONS 
MOVIE THE ATRE 

FREE FRISBEE 
when you win at the 

~~i:~r~~, IK'\ 
COURSE 

~ / "'" 

The UCSO G uardian 

LOTS OF 

University of California-
SPONSORED BY: 

~ UCSD 
. ~ Recreation 

t..-USA • ..aT. 
L:OREAL: ~ 

UIIIIc:.-. 

San Diego 
Revelle Plaza 

February 23-18/11 am-5pm 
February 24/10am-4pm 

maxell 

PRESENTED BY: 
~ I~ r~ I ~= [I\VI 

FREE FANNY PACK 
when you win the 

~CBS 

FREE VIDEO 
when you forecast at the 

<leaS 

S TAT o N 

FREE HAT a R T- SHIRT 
______ when you play 

FAMILY 
FEUD 

FREE PRODUCTS 
& VIDEO 

when you act in your 
favorite soap at 

Sl~DIO ®CB ~ 
FREE VIDEO 

of you r sportscasting skills at the 
SCBS SPORTS 

"IT'S YOUR CALL" BROADCAST BOOTH 

9 



10 The UCSD Guardian Monday , February 22, 1993 

Do ba. ketball players tend to shoot in streaks? Contrary to the belief of 
fans and commentator • an analysis by Tversky and Gilovich of games by 
the 76er and the Cornell men's varsity showed the chances of hitting a 
shot are as good aftera miss as after a hit. Th irconclusion: "Pas ingthe 
ball to the hot player, who is guarded c10 ely by the opposing team, may 
be a non-optimal strategy ... . Like other cognitive illusion, the belief in 
the hot hand cou Id be costly ." 

Course description for Mathematics 13: CHANCE 
Peter Doyle and J. Laurie Snell 

Spring Quarter 1993 
Tu,Th 1:00·2:20, Peterson Hall 103 

Thi course will provide case . tudy examinations of current issues 
requiring for their understanding, analyses of chance events. Typical 
issues we will consider are: informed medical deci ion, reliability of 
political and opinion polls, testing for AIDS, streaks in sports, statist ics 
in law, and gambling in the casino and in the tock market. We will 
analyze recent new 'paper and magazine articles relating to particular 
issues, and develop the n cessary probabilily and statistics concepts in the 
context of Ihese issues. Prerequisites: none. 

Remember when your biggest concern was running 
out of paper cups? And when it was easy to handle 
any summer job because it was just a summer job? 

An internship with Andersen Consulting 
won't be just another summer job. 
Andersen Consulting will be conducting on-campus 
interviews on Monday, March 1, 1993 for summer 
internship positions. Please contact Chris Alexander 
at the Career Services Center for sign-up information 
as soon as possible. 

ANDERSEN l 
CONSULTING I 

ARflU ... R f\OIIt~ I'. (0 . ~.( 
I 

Where we go from here. 
A.nOersen Consult ing IS an eQIJJI opportuMyemLlloye, 

Solution. from your Apple C_mpu. Ae.ener: 
.Hont.ble 1 ••• r-qU81llty print ..... 

The IICltl Apple 
u/sL'rIf'rili'r Select 300. 

Tbelll!ll' 
Appk Slyll''Milfr 1/, 

Invest in this printer line. 
w tllere" a fast r, easier way to get great-looking paper - at a 

price 'tudents am afford. The new, compact Apple StyleWriter 11 printer 
deliv r la~er-quality output while still fitUng witl1in your budg t. And 
th new LaserWriter Select 300 gi es you full-fl dged laser printing, for 

Avoid this printer line. 
text and graphic that look harp, cri p, professional. See bOtll printers 
now at your Appt Campus Re eller. Where you'll get pedal student pric-
ing, as well as rvice during college~ And discover the power to .J. 
make your work look better than ever. The power to be your best. • . 

LJCSD 
IH)OKSTOIH 

computer center • 534-4291 • mon-fri 8am-6pm, sat 10am-5pm 

Monday, February 22,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

, Trojans Beat UCSD 
in 1Dree Gmnes 
VOI.LEYBAl1: usc handles Tritons 15-6, 15-2, 15-2 in 
Los Angeles as roster fall to just seven active players 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyballlC<1fl1. 
nicked by injuries, losl in three straight 
games. 15-6. 15-2. 15-2. to the Univer-
sity of Southern California on Saturday 
night in Los Angeles. 

The Triton . now down to just seven 
active players, were unable to gel going 
on offense in the match, as Ihey mus-
tered only 10 points in the three games. 

Outsidehiner Jason Mulholl'Uld led 
Ihe way for Ihe Trojans with a gWlle-
high 16 IJlls and \WO block;.. 

Steve Krem~rwas the 1~lderforthe 
Trilons. a, he b.Ulgcd down eight kills 
and added a block. 

Ty.,oll KelT chipped in si>. !.iIIs.two 
bl "-' and four digs for the Tritons in a 
losing cause. 

Black pulled a stomach muscle la!ol 
week and wa unable to play in 
Saturday's match. 

Black join Neal O'Brien, Marc 
Alms. Brian Sterck and L:unson Lam 
on the injured list. Lun is not expected 
to retum this season. 

UCSD He.'1d Coach Rod Wilde ap-
peared frustrated with his te.1I11' s bad 
luck. "We're missing seven players, so 
we don't have the physicaltalefll to play 
with the strong teams." 

Despite the team 's troubles. it re-
l1lain~ detel11lined to c mpete at a high 
level. Wilde added, ' 'They're out Ihere 
pmcticing han! and thcattitllde has lJ\."Cn 
good." 

Jason Rltchle;Guardlan 
Steve Kremser (8), shown In action earlier this year, had eight kills to lead UCSD against USC. 

TIle lat~t injury to hil the t~un was 
Tom Black., the teanl leader in kills. 

U D Will face .mother difti ult 
test tonight, ,L\ they play host to the 
nU1l11-.:r-two tC<U11 in the counlly, the 

tantord Cardinal. TIle match will take 
pJ.tce at 5:30 p.m. in the Main Gym. 

Swashbucklers Slash 
USC~ UCLA at Home 
FINCINCt Tritons are ru~ hosts at their only home meet 
of the season; women improve conference record to 25-1 
By BrIan Hutto 
Guardian Reporter 

Despite a rare defeat. the Triton 
women fencers continued their win-
ning ways, improving their league 
leading record to II -Ion the sea-
son. Last weekend's 9-7 loss to 
UCLA ended a 24-match confer-
ence unbeaten streak, but the women 
quickly regrouped, crushing USC 
16-0 in the second match of the 
home doubleheader. The loss to 
UCLA was the Tritons first ever in 
conference, giving them a 25-1 

~ecord overall. 
"Sure it's a tough loss, but it' s 

nice to finally have that ch ip off 
[our] shoulders. With all the teams 
gunning for us, there was so much 
pressure on these girls all the time ... 

M. HOOPS: 
Spence leads UCSD 
with 24 points 
Continued from page 14 
Lusain and Swindall were both \wo for 
[WO from the line, and the score was 78-
70 with 40 seconds left. For the game, 
UCSD hit on 80 percent of their charity 
shots. going 20-25. 

Bennen fmished the game with 39 
points for Bethany. leading all scorers. 
Spence was the top gun-for UCSD, 
scoring 24 points while hauling down 
eight rebounds. Swindall and MO<R 
both picked up 16, with Swindall grab-
bing six boards. 

"We played kind of sloppy tonight, 
and we need tum that around," Swindall 
said. 

"We played OK, and I thought that 

I couldn ' l be happier with the team 
right now," Head Coach Allison 
Reid said. 

Leading the charge were Ju tine 
Cogan, Rory Velasquez and Moriah 
McCauley. each finishing the day 
4-2. Senior McCauley's record 
ranks second in conference, fol-
lowed closely by teammate Yumi 
Mishiami. 

Not to be outdone, the Triton 
men turned in a strong combined 
performance, beating UCLA 23-4 
and USC 19-8 to raise their overall 
record to 22-5 on the year, also 
good enough for first place in the 
SoCal Conference. 

Men's foilers Aaron Shebest, 
Tom Powell and Gabe Lawson each 
wen I 5-0 against the L.A. contin-

they played very well," Marshall said 
"But with this game gone, it's pretty 
easy to focus on our last one." 

The win left the Tritons in a very 
delicate position playoff-wise. There is 
no question about what UCSD needs to 
do for itself; a big win in its final regular 
season game against Menlo this Friday 
is essential. The Tritons will also need 
lots of help in the form of losses by 
regional rivals La Verne and Colorndo 
College in order to lift UCSD into the 
postseason. 

"As a senior, I really want to make it 
again," Spence said "We gO! one win 
out oflhe way tonight. but we need one 
more solid peifOl11lance." 

"We found out tooighl that we still 
have a chance to slip in. but we haven'l 
been playing up to our capabilities and 
we need to pick up the intensity," 
Swindall added. 

Guardian Sports •.. The 
Next Best Thing to 

Homemade 

gent. 
TrevorOppliger fini shed the day 

a perfect 6-0, pacing the epee divi-
sion wins over both schools, with 
the 'abre division spli tting the dif-
ference, beating UCLA, 7-2 and 
losing a close one to USC, 5-4. 

"The men's foil was outstand-
ing. [t was a great meet for all of the 
guys - they real I y came together." 
Reid said. 

Senior captai n Shebest leads the 
conference with an overall record 
of 65-16 and represent UCSD's 
best opportun ity of qualifying for 
the NCAA's postseason tourna-
ment. "[Shebe t i ] good and de-
serves to go; he 's been a key force 
in men 's foil and a really good role 
model for the team," said Reid. 

The fencers next matchup will 
be with Occidental and UCSB in 
Long Beach next Sunday. 

Both men and women' teams 
finish off the season March 5-6 at 
the Western NCAA Nationals in 
Santa Cruz where they will face 
stiff competition from UC Santa 
Cruz, Air Force and defending 
champion Stanford. 

w. HOOPS: 
UCSD blows out 
Tigers, 76- 56, for 
13th win this year 
Continued from page 14 

The Tigers began firing despera-
tion three-pointers as the game neared 
its end, but it was not enough as 
Tritons won, 76-56. 

UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone 

The Scoreboard 

UCSD 76 

OCCIDEr-.TAL 56 

appeared extremely satisfied with her 
team's blowout over the Tigers. 

"I thought we played great," she 
said. "We dominated the game from 
five minutes on. We stayed in it men-
tally and we really attacked. 

"This was our best game of the 
season," she added. 

The Tritons will travel to the Uni-
versity of La Verne on Friday nightto 
play their season finale. The win over 
Occidental was the third intherowfor 
UCSD and guaranteed them a win-

Track Triumphs Early 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD track team kicked off 
its season under rainy sk ies at 
Saturday's Pomona-Pitzer Ali-Com-
ers meel It may have been just an 
early-season IlIneup, but many of the 
the Tritons ran in midseason foml. 

Among those was hammerthrower 
Jeff Taylor. who will try to fill the 
hoes of departed national-record-

holder and Olympic-trials-qualifier 
Scott Sargeant. 

Taylor upheld UCSD's reputation 
admirdbly. tossing the hammer for a 
personal record of 191-11. The mark 
was good enough to be an automatic 
qualifier for the NCAA meet. But. as 
UCSD Head Coach Tony Salerno 
explained, 'They only accept marks 
after March I, so this throw doesn 't 
count," 

Taylor'shammerteammate,Curtis 
Williams, also achieved a personal 
record with a throw of 163-5. Will-
iams' mark would have been good 
enough to be a provisional NCAA 

qlltJlitier, had the marks for the meet 
been a\:cepted. 

Other impressive perfonners for 
the Tritons included triple jumper 
Damian Coleman. whose leap of 45-
8 "puts him a couple of feet ahead of 
where he was this time last year," 
Salerno said. 

Ian Cooke took second place in 
the high jump with a jump of 6-8, 
while Mark Yuen placed first in Ihe 
1500-meters in 4: 10.76, with team-
mate Erick Goldman righl behind. 
placing second in 4: 12.22. 

J.J. Castner took the 3000-meters 
with a time of 9:04.6. while Stefan 
Wynn was third place. 

For the women. Claire Boykin 
was second in the 1000meter hurdles 
with a time of 17.28. and teammate 
Laura Peck took top hondrs in the 
1500-meters with a5: 13.72 clocking. 

"This meet went really well for 
us," Salerno said. 'The team exceeded 
expectations and gave us some prom-
ising performances for this early in 
the season." 

ning season with a 13- 11 record for Oan MCDOwell/Guataran 
the year. Sarah MeasegGeS aIrborne for a Jump shot during Friday'S vlctOfy. 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus 
Notary Public? If so, call 587-
7911. (1/4-6/3) 

Affirmative Action Forum. Tuesday 
Feb. 23, 7 p.rn. York 2722. All wel-
comelSponsoredbyPhiAiphaDeha 
Pre-Law, Co-ed Fratemity. (2/22) 

Battle of the Bands '93: Subm~ 
tapes to Revelle Provost offICe by 
Friday, March 5 (compet~ion is 
Saturday, April 3.) (2/22-2/25) 

Gay Youth Alliance sponsoring 
a semi-formal dance, Saturday 
3/6 9 p.m. - 1 a.m. Info 233-
9309. (2/22-3/4) 

The e 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece ion-bu ting bargain . 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Falrmalr's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ............. 488-1134 
UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ................... 455-0662 
Beans ..... .. .............. 453·9252 
DominO's ...... ... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ..... .. ..... 578· 7892 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt 452·0524 
Yaklmono ........... ...... 452-4255 

UCSD AUTO 
C & D Auto ............... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto .......... 695·1990 
Roben s... ..... . .......... 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mech .... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes 
Nalts by Jennifer . 

457·3334 
560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH 8& FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop .. 534·4279 
Being Fit .483·9294 
Family Ptannlng 535·1379 
Tan 4 Less ... .155·0909 
Dr Ken Schlusset. D.C 558·3600 
Dr Richard 8arsan. DDS .459·5565 
Dr Sanford. DDS . . 558·3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSical Eye ... .... 452· 737 4 
Dr John McDonald ....... 279·5858 
VISion Care . 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Ftower Basket . . ....... 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ............... 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ...... .......... 693,1469 
Video Gallery ........... 450·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Councit Travol ............ ..452-0630 
TraveliMs Depot .......... 483·1 421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .. ...... .. ... .... ..... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 
Kinko's ........................ 457·3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearnlng .............. 455·1000 
MCA T ReView ............ 456·4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla BreWing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ...................... 587·1414 
Volleybar & Grill .......... 270· 7 50 
UCSD ETC. 
St. Germain's ............... 455·1414 
Azita Electrolysys ......... 454-6044 

The UC D Guardian Monday, February 22, 1993 

I :- " JASSIFIEDS 
Guitarist seeks other musicians 
to play together for fun . Acoustic 
or electric. Infl. Galaxie 500, 
Dinosaur Jr., classic rock. No 
egos, please. Mike 558-7817. 
(2111-2122) 

Classified advertising is sold inl5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in persoll. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
al1)' ad,'ertising including bWllot limited to companionship ads. For more illfOlmarion 
ca1l534-54 16. Mailing address: UCSDGuardjan,Atm:Ciassijieds,9500Gilmall Drive, 
0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floOl: 

GREAT BODY? Models 
needed for PLAYGIRL 
MAGAZINE! The Body Shoppe 
222-2886. (2116-2122) 
Seeking 10 patients with 
headaches for a research 
paper. Dr. Finley 452-2882. (21 
22-3/4) . 

FOR SALE 
EMPLOYMENT 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERN-SHIPS. Most positions 
filled by Feb. Gain val. expo 
managing 6-8 employees, 
customers, and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-16,000+. Call 
"UniverSity Painting Pros." Info/ 
appl. CALL 800-525-5877. (1 / 
7-3/29) 
EARN $1 ,500 WEEKLY mailing 
our circulars! ... Begin NOW! 
FREE packet! SEYS, Dept. 19, 
Box 4000, Cordova, TN 38018-
4000. (2111-4/29) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! 
Many positions. Great benefits. 
Call 1-800-436-4365, ext. P-
3387. (2/11 -3/8) 
INTERNATIONAL 
EMPLOYMENT - Make money 
teaching basic conversational 
Englishabroad. Japan andT aiwan. 
Make $2,()()().$4,OOO+ per month. 
Many provide room & board + 
otherbenems! No previous training 
orteaching certificate required. For 
International Employment 
program, call the International 
Employment Group: (206) 632-
114.6 ext. J5976. (2116-314) 
Tissue culture position open for 
an energetic person In our in VIVO 
+ in vrtro monoclonal antibody team. 
Scantibodies is a growing 
Biotechnlcal Company located in 
San Diego area. Qualifications 
include a BS degree in science 
and 2-5 yrs. of tissue culture 
experience. 258-9300. (2118-2/25) 

Customer Marketing 
Representative. Part -time 
positions (15-20 hours per 
week) are available with a 
national marketing 
info rm atio n/consu Iti ng 
company . We are looking for 
highly intelligent and 
motivated individuals who 
are looking for a challenging 
job. Individuals hired into this 
position will be responsible 
for answering incoming calls 
from customers ordering 
demographic and marketing 
information-based products . 
Individuals will be trained on 
all aspects of the different 
products offered and will be 
coached on phone skills . 
This is a great opportunity 
for Economics and QEDS 
majors to gain applicable 
work experience. Hours are 
flexible (we are willing to 
work around your schedule) 
and we are located near 
campus in Del Mar . The 
salary rate for this position 
is $6 per hour. If you are 
in terested please call 793-
4151 and ask for Brenda to 
set up an interview . (2/22) 

Hiring P.T. $5 per/hr. Free 
meals. Must be available some 
afternoons. RoundTable , Price 
Center. (2/22-2/25) 

RAISE A COOL $1 ,000.00 IN 
JUST ONE WE EK! For your 
frat, sorority, club. + 1,000 FOR 
YOU RSELF ! And a FREE 
IGLOO COOLER if you qualify. 
Call 1-800-932-0528, Ext. 65. 
(2122-4/19) 

Dr. Se'"y O.D. 
• • visioncare 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UNIV_ CITY 
MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
------T------i------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I Dally Wi8gmPIete I COMBO SET I 

INCLUDES I OC SCience I $35.00 OFF I 
• Eye exam Exte.dd Wear C~tete 

I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
• Fashion Irames 

I I com bo. Choose Irom I 
• PreciSion ground B & L 04 I I ' I 

lenses S. V. I Disposables I a arge se ectlon 0 I 
I $9900 I $139 ~~r, & I frames and lensEl'l I I I .:'~~n?:rt;"Jr:~p I $3500 I 
I I cate ' c .... kit· Ne ... sighted I OFF I COMPLETE ~~:~=~f:'ln L ______ ~ ______ ~ ______ ~ 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus 
Notary Public? If so, call 587-
7911 . (1/4-6/3) 

Macintosh text & graphics scan-
ning. On campus and afford-
able. Call Mike 622-1147. (1 / 
14-3/11 ) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452-9949. (1/19-6/3) 

Need typing/word process ing 
done? Will do any size job, any 
type of job. I will also do editing 
if needed or wanted. Call Carol 
481-6364 evenings. (1 / 19-3/ 
11 ) 

Enjoy the Spring by leasing a 
horse - only 3 miles from Cam-
pus! Jumping arena, on-site 
trainer, wonderful wilderness 
trails. Price and terms nego-
tiable. Call 685-2105 anytime. 
Experience preferred. (2116-2/ 
22) 
QUALITY BARBERING!! La 
Jolla Barber Shop, Quality Bar-
ber, Hair Cuts. $8. 7760 Faye 
Ave., Suite F, 459-5792. (2/18-
2125) 

WANTED 
Seeking TM meditators to form 
student organization on 
campus. Call Michael at 278-
1314, leave message. (2/8-21 
22) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks , 
boats, 4 -wheelers, 
motorhomes, by FBI, IRS , 
DEA. Available your area 
now. Call 1-800-436-4363 
ext. C-7556. (2/11-3/8) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. 
Computer homework at home! 
$157. Plug in and go. 554-0414. 
(211-3/11 ) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 
4wheelers, motorhomes, by 
FBI, IRS, DEA. Available your 
area now. Call 1-800-436-4363. 
(2111-3/8) 

Guitar Amp: Mesa Boogie .50 
Cal iber Tube Amp, sounds 
strong, crystal clear! $450/0.b.o. 
578-7210. (2/16-2122) 
Bike Frame - Brand new 21 .5 
Raleigh "Peak." Burgundy-
BlackONL Y$200.000.b.o. Call 
Travis 455-9039. (2/18-3/4) 

Surfboard for sale. 6', 0" $75. 
Call 792-2872. Ask for Tony. (21 
18-2/25) 

Mazda RX-7, 1980. Needs mi-
nor interior work and major 
clutch repair. Engine, brakes 
and body OK. Can·t afford to fix , 
must sell. $650/0.b.o. Leave 
message. Victor 558-6686. (21 
18-2/22) 

DRUM SET -Pearl Export, 
dbl-bass pdl , cymbals , ro-
tos, perfect condition . $550. 
Call Kevin 597-9230 . (2/18-
2/22) 

P ERSONAL ATTACK A LARM 

PAAL 
Aggravated assautts have become 
an unportant ISsue for evervon~ 
The PAAL p<>rsonal protection 
deVIce IS a very compact alarm 
that you take With you to ward 
off potentially dangerous 
mdlvlduals. ~·:: .. !·t· 

i , 
I 
. 
.. 

The PAAL IS a new form o( deterrent to scare off would be attacke rs. 
create a d,versIon allOWIng the potential \'Icnm to nee. and to call 
others to the scene to assISt. Once activatt'd. the PAAL em Its an ear 
plerctng 107 dB alarm that shocks the attacker 

If danger IS Imnunent. pull the cord. removtng the pm wruch will 
ImmedIately cause an ear pIerCIng alarm to sound. The PAAL alarm 
will continue to sound (or up to 2 hoUIs on a fresh battery. or until you 
replace the pm A 9-volt battery IS tncluded 

Attach our I'AAL With the Included belt clip to your purse. (anny 
pack. belt. or camera bag. 

Everyone needs a PAAL! Melnod or Paymenl wChecl<lM 0 

TECH ICAL RESOURCE GROUP 
21338 METEOR DR., CUPERTl O. CA 95014 

, YellOW SporlS PAAL with weatherproof .. al 

TllIlnli YOlllor YOll r or4" 

2U5 I I I 
32.95 

ShIp to' ToWM~C~ 

.~-----------------
Addms ______________ _ 

City Stllf_ ZJp __ Quality Guara"tetd 

Monda , February 22, 1993 

Waterbed -supersingle, bkcase 
hdbrd, heater, conditioner, used 
sheets + pad, $70. MUST SELL 
571-7118. (2118-2122) 
Apple lie computer w/printer 
$350. Queen size bed (mat-
tress , box spring, metal frame). 
Like new, $150 . Stereo wi 
speakers $400. Desk w/ 4 draw-
ers $10. Kristin 755-4374. (21 
22-2/25) 

MAC PLUS, 4MB RAM, $300 
o.b.o. 481 -4341 . (2122-3/1) 

Guide to natural Hot Springs, 
with hot pools to soak in. Free to 
visitl Some are clothing optional. 
Send SAS.E. and $5.00 to 300 
Elm St. 108A-177, Carlsbad, 
CA 92008. 619-686-7870. (21 
22) 

Surfboards for sale. Two 6'1 "s, 
one 6'4" . Extremely light and 
radical dimensions . Contact 
Jud. 622-0945. (2122-3/1) 
Good student cello . 
Conservarte. $500. 546-9978. 
(2122) 
MACINTOSH IIsi, 9MB RAM, 
120MB HD, Sony 1304HG 
monitor, Apple Laserwriter LS 
printer, 2400 Baud modem, soft-
ware : Mic'rosoft Word 5.0, 
SuperPaint 3.0, Think C 5.0, 
ClarisWorks. $2500, 455-5691 . 
(2122-3/8) 

HOUSING 
Why Rent?! Save taxes! You 
can own a 1 bedroom condo 
with view patio, new carpet + 
paint, large pool, spa, + walk to 
UCSD. Eileen Agent 982-0811 . 
(2116-2125) 
Roommate wanted $341 .50/ 
month + 1/3 utilities. Male/ 
female. "Hat-nin Pacific 
Beach ." Adriano 270-8592. 
(2/1-2/25) 

Own room in large University 
City house. $260 per month + 
utilities. Call 587 -0227. (2116-3/ 
1 ) 

Female roommate wanted -
Spring quarter and/or summer 
Villas of Renaissance: 4 pools, 
gym, clubhouse, washer/dryer, 
underground parking, close to 
campus and UTC. $300/month. 
Call Sherry 452-2568. (2116-3/ 
4) 
BIG room in 3-br University 
Woods Apartment. $315/ 
month + 1/3 utilities . Avail -
able 3/20. 546-1289 . (2 /16-
2/25) 

Furnished room for female, pri-
vate bath, in spacious, non-
smoking La Jolla condo, one 
block to UCSD campus, all 
amenities, $300/month + 1/4 
utilities. 450-9330/455-9809. (21 
16-2125) 
Roommate wanted. Univer-
sity City $300/m . + 1/4 utili -
ties. Fe/Male OK, prefer-
ably non-smoker. Leave 
message 457 -7604 . (2/16-
2122) 

House in Kearny Me sa 
needs roommate. Pool , fire-
place , month-to -m onth 
lease. $340 . Call 627-0747 . 
(2/16-2/25) 

3 bedroom condo off Eastgate 
Mall, available July or Septem-
ber, $1140 month. Nina 792-
6453. (2116-2122) 
Attention ! Attention I Fabulous 
4 bdrm, 2.5 bh, 2400' home, L6 
lot, 3 blk SDSU, pets. Perfect 
family/grad students. Hardwood 
floors , deck, view. Avail 3/15. 
$1500 mo. 222-8786. (2/16-2/ 
22) 

Own room in Playmore Terrace. 
$315/month + 1/3 utils. Spa-
cious 3 bedroom , 1.5 bath 

Roommate needed , own rm . condo, washer/dryer, very close 
with ocean view, deck, park- to campus. Prefer easy-going 
ing, garage , washer + dryer, male, junior, senior or Grad. 
in Cardiff , 632-7043. (2/11- Call 587-8980. Alex or Alf. (21 
2/25) UCSD18-3/1) r--___ 3 min. ___ _ 

from 

FLOWER BASKET 
I. F~~.!72~.~~~~Y* 
-w • ..,.,. • $20 minimum pun:hase· within:i mile radius oreampus 

EJlp.JII1JJ 
Not valid with 
an)' other offer. 

as always, 10% 0"" when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ill 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph' 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open daily am· 

VOICESandVISIONS :!~::·~=~;:dla 
Tuesday, February 23 ... Panel Discussion on 
Representallon of Women of C%r in the Media 
Panel ists: Julie Dash, Cyrille Phipps, Shauna Garr, Dianne 
Bartlow, Neema Barnette, and Ana Ramos 

4-6 pm, Room 104, Solis Hall 
Tuesday, February 23 ... Screening of the Julie Dash film 
"Daughters of the Dust" 8 pm, IRIPS Auditorium 
Wednesday, February 24 ... Informal panel discussion and 
luncheon, Topic: Careers In the Media: Survival Tips for 
AlrlCln·Amerlcans 11 •• 2:30 pal, Menln VIII Loqnll 
All Mnts are free and open 10 the public. Calt 558-9204 lor Information. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Master bedroom available in 2 
bed, 2 bath La Jolla del Sol 
apartment. $438/month . Pool , 
jacuzzi, fireplace, free parking, 
etcl John or Miguel. 622-0586. 
(2/1 8-2125) 

Share " deluxe" LaCosta 
(Carlsbad) golf course condo-
minium . Every conce ivable 
amenity. Own bedroom/bath. 
$450. 942-8669. (2122) 
Female roommate needed 
spring quarter. Own roomlbath. 
Nice view in UTC. $425. Jamee 
458-0355. (2/22-3/11) 

r~--~------l 
I I 
I ~~ I 
I ~HAIR I I _ DESIGN I 

ROOMMATE NEEDED: Fe-
male needed to share very large 
master bedroom & bath w/ 
same. I have a very cool cat & 
would prefer a cat lover. Lo-
cated directly across from La 
Jolla Village Square. Close to 
all. 5 min. walk to UCSD. 
$275.00 + 114 utI. De-
posit=$50 .00 . Shanna 452-
6269 or 450-0494. (2118-2125) 

I I 

ON-CAMPUS APARTMENT-
MA 'fE(S) for 93-94. Must be Third 
College male(s). I have GUARAN-
TEED HOUSING privileges to offer. 
CaB me, Chee-Hahn, al546-1644 
and we'll talk. (2122-3111) 

SPRING QUARTER and 
summer. Master bdrm. $370-
one person , $235-two to 
share, own bath, washer/ 
dryer, pool , bus to UCSD, 
non-smoker, non-allergic to 
cat. Call Stacy or Lisa 625-
0821. (leave message) (2 / 
22-3/11 ) 

PERSONALS 
AXil is psyched for Greek Week 
1993! Good luck to everyone. 
(2122) 
WHAT DO YOU GOT_ .. (2122-
2125) 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE CENTER 

(Across from Mann Theater) 4SS0420 
DEL MAR HIGHLANDS 

(Next to \\toe,ehouse Records) 792 ... 131 
CLAIREMONT SQUARE 

(Next to Vons) 274-2600 
MIRA MESA 

(Next 10 P1ua Hutl 566-6lOO 
TIERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 lI1d Santo Rd.) 26&4423 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
WALK INS WELCOME 

MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Roommate wanted: Share two 
bedroom, one bath apartment in 
Pacific Beach. Garage, laundry & 
backyard. 4 blocks to beach. 
Around thecornerfrom all the bars. 
Male/Female. $350.00-$400.00 + 
112 utils. 581-3218. (2/22-2/25) 

Congratulations to the new of-
ficers of AXil! We are all very 
proud of you! (2/22) 

L Musl pICsenl coupon E,p 318193 .J 
--------

You're about to graduate. 
Are you ready to lead an 
entire industry? 

Get out in front fast at Adaptec. Since we started the SCSI revo-
lution back in 1981, we've enjoyed consistent profitability and 
growth. We are an acknowledged leader in I/O solutions, provid-
ing both hardware and software technology to manage the data 
flow between personal computers and peripherals. It's the per-
fect environment in which to pull ahead of the pack. 
We're looking for Comp Sci/Comp Eng, Elec Eng graduates for 
Hardware and Software Engineering opportunities. 

ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Thursday, March 4 
Career Services Center 
In return, Adaptec provides an environment where high achievers 
are rewarded with an excellent salary and benefit.s package, If 
unable to see us while on campus, we encourage you to send your 
resume to: Adaptec, Collele Recruitinl, 691 South Milpitas Blvd., 
Milpitas, CA 95035, FAX: (408) 945·7852. Adaptec r;?!fl 
is an equal opportunity employer. ~ adaptec 



Dan McDowell/GuardIan 
ErIca Scholl led UCSD with 18 points and nine rebounds Friday. 

M. HOOPS: 
Triton win ninth 
out of last 10 
Continued from page 1.6 
weren't doing what we nonnally do:' 
Man,hall said. 

"We didn't get our rolltions down 
and tl1:lt was allowing too many pen· 
etrat ions:' S pence added. 

One of the bigg~t w !Ties for the 
TritonswastryinglOcoold wnBenm:n. 
who had lit UCSDupfor22pointsinthe 
f1n,t half. Moore. with the help of hi~ 
three three·pointen •. ledthe Tritons with 
II. 

While the hack·alld·fOl1h play con· 
tinuedform~tofthesecondhalf.UCSD 
was able to calm down [Uld ~tay in 
control of the game, never leuing the 
Bruins within five points of lhe lead. 

With -l:27 gone in the half, Moore 

SPRING: 
Continued from page 1 6 
quipped "what if [ had proslate sur· 
gery?" That Bo is SO nutty. 

Speaking of comebacks. Kirk 
Gibson is giving baseball another try in 
I 993. Gibson, the 1988 NL MVP hated 
by all A's fans. is retuming to his first 
team. the Detroit Tigers. Gibson signed 
a one· year deal but pledged 10 "help 

Dan McDoweil/Gu8rdlan 
Nate Hantgin scores for UCSD. 

gavctheTri tons theirbigg~tleadofthe 
COI1le.\t when he got a follow up off his 
own mi:.s to make the score 55-43. This 
lime. UCSD was able to hold off the 
Bruins from a run that would put the 
glUlle back in jeopardy. TIle Tritons 

return the Tigers to the World Series." 
Well. Kirk, you'd bener be prepared for 
an extended stay: the Tigers are aboul 
nine or 10 quality players away from 
anotht'r title. 

ImagineaTigers.WhiteSoxAmeri. 
can League ch,Ullpion~hip series this 
October. Jackson will win game three 
by making all 27 putouts on defense. 
stealing seven bases and hitting tJmee 
inside·the·park homeruns on infield 

8.5 x 11- 201 white 
autofeed or self serve 

.,ilh Ihls coupon 

MuSI snow sludent ID . bp"., J 18 1] 
4150 Regents Park HOW 

La Jolla. CA '92037 

457-1007 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, F~bruary 22, 1993 

Tritons Declaw T:tgers 
WOMEN'S BA5KEIBALL: UCSD wins third in a row, a 76-56 win over OccirentaJ 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women' basketball 
team won its lru.t home game of the 
season on Friday, defeating lhe Occi· 
denlal Tigen" 76·56. 

Eri a Scholl paved the way for the 
Triton • scor· 
ing 18 point 
and grabbing 
nine rebounds. 

The Tiger 
jumped ahead 
in the early pan 
oflhe first half, 
using Irong 
defen i ve reo 
bounding and a 
penetrating of· 
fense to Lake a 
4-0 lead. 

The Tritons were held !>Coreless 
for the firsl five minule of Ihe half 
until Scholl dropped in a layup to cut 
the deficit to 6·2. 

Occidental held a slim 8·6 lead 
with 13:50 remain ing in the hal f, but 
the Tritons took control of the game 
and never looked ba k. 

Tricia Stilwell swished a three· 

kept a fiml advantage and Increased it to 
13 points with 7:35 to go in the game n 
Spence's put back of a Brad Halle miss, 
making the score 66-53. 

Bennettcontinuedmaking shots that 
he probablyshou Idn 't have and Bethany 
closed to within six before Lusain drove 
left ide and forced up a left· handed 
layup in traffic that gave UCSD a 68-60 
edge. Aminuteanda halflruerMatLhews 
had the ball on the right side j lJlil past half 
court. The sophomore spotted Spence 
on the left side, six feet from the hoop 
and fired the long cross<ourt pass. 
Spence made a nifty move to catch the 
bal l and fire whileslill in the air to make 
it 70-63. 

Bethany moved to within 74-69 on 
Joe Woods' layup and free throw wi th 
I :37 to play, and the Bruins staned to 
foul. Free throw shooting has nOl been 
the Tritons' strong suit this year. but 

See M. HOOPS, Page 11 

choppers. 
Not to be outdone, Gibson. stum· 

bling to the plate with IV tubes protrud· 
ing from both arms, will hit a Jack 
McDowell fastball with his wooden leg 
for a game·winning grand slam homer 
to clinch the series for Detroit. 

Minor post·season kidney dialysi 
and heart·lungtmnsplanlS wi 1I giveJack· 
son tUld Gibson another good 25 sea· 
sons. Ah, the wonders of medicine. 

planes, 
trains, 

automo-
biles 
~nd mnny 

other wn~'!\ of 

~clling 

around alld 

getting nwny 

,.n be found 

in the 
GunrdHln 

Come s~e U~. 
up",tnir~ in 

lhe Student 
Center. nh(Wl' 

lhe General 
tort.!, 

pointer to give UCSD ill. fir tlead, .11 
11·10. 

MarciaJeffrie . who took over tor 
an injured Sara Mease at Ihe guard 
po ition. drove the lane and banged 
in a 10·footer to give the Tri tons a 
four point edge, 20·16. 

Jeffries played a tellar game for 
UCSD, a she hot 70 percent from 
the field and 60 percent from three-
point land for a [o[a l of 17 points. 

The Tri ton continued to pour in 
t he baskets until the hom blew sound· 
ing the end of the first half. giving 
them a 38·29 halftime lead. UCSD 
)hol a torrid 50 percent from three· 
point land in the fi r t half. 

Occidental came out strong at the 
beginning of the second half. capital-
izing on UCSD turnovers to clItthe 
Triton lead to 38·33. 

The Triton countered with three 
straight baskets. including a three· 
pointer by Stilwell to up their edge 10 
45·35. 

Jeffries sank a running one·hander 
to give the Tritons a 51·35 lead be-
forelheTigerscountered withalayup 
by Tanisha White. 

UCSD 's offensive rebounding 

Dan McDowell/ Gurian 
Allison Cartwright shoots. 
picked up in the second half. resulting 
in many second chance points. 

Jeffries sank a shot from just in· 
side the three·point I ine to give UCSD 
a 17 point edge. 63-46. 

The Triton took their largesl lead 
of the game with just over one minute 
remaining, as Heidi Clausen grabbed 
an offen ive rebound and planted a 
layup in the hoop to give UCSD a 74· 
51 lead. 

See W, HOOPS, Page 11 

In the Bleachers 
By Steve Moore 

· 11 

~ 

" What?! No one here knows the Heimlich 
maneuver? .. . Well, we'd better start looking for 

another ball. " 

Let Our Personal Attention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

1111': Pnr"-Clnfl Rc\ it.'w \r..lltm ... 11M' 
m:tll cI..J'~·"1 ;lrC ~"'i~nll~11 III order 

10 ~C' I n higher !I,.'orc Oil your 
graduiltC' -'4.:hool c.\all1 
That 11 "" hy uur da""c' fOmgc r rOIl1 
12 lu 15 "Ilut!cnh nuc.lotrc grllujlI:ll 
by ,haled "Mcllglh ... and 

~eaknc!oo...c". Ir uu I1c~d c\lra 
help. )uur In 'i lru,'lur \1.111 ,-"orlo. 
"'lIh)oo Ul pcr.,nn until )OU lully 
undcr .. I.lUd the malcfw i. 

Our 'lI1.dl d.I''-C' pHlCllII. .. ·c big 
n.· ... llh". ('ol1"illicr uur avcr:lgc .;core 

IJllrrnvCmcnl~ . 

LSA T - 10 po",,, 
G MAT - 8~ poinl' 
ORE 215 ['Om" 
MC'A T ~ I'"inl, 

rC"\1 prl'J) '" Ilh It P'!r l'mllloud, and 
I!-uaranlccc.l ~'Idl' : th :lI\ 1 he 
Pnrlt.Cllll1 RC\ICw. 

TilE ~-PR.I eETO - -
REVIEW _ 

- - --

W~ Scor~ Mor~ 

(619) 695·9952 
r""'l ·It 1tr\ " 1 , •.. ., 1111,1"", ., . "" I'" 1.1 .... .", .... ,1 (,.."", ~''',. 0' r ,.., (".,. r Itll.,,,,, 

Mo nday, F'eb ruary 22 , L993 

UCSA LEGlSLAnvt CONFERENC£ 

TAKE ACTION,BE HEARD 
Come to the UCSA Legislative Con· 

ference and Lobby Day, to be held March 
6, 7, and 8 in Sacramento. 

The conference will incl ude 
prominant legislators , issue panels on 
Fees, Financial Aid. and the Ma ter Plan 
for Higher Education; workshops on 
lobbying methods, and a lobby day in 
which students vi sit legislators. 

The $20 cost i ncl udes housi ng, trans-
ponation, and orne meal . Sign up wilh 
the A.S. Secretary on the third floor of 
the Price Center. For more information, 
call 534-4450. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm In the 
Student Leadership Chambers , 
Price Center, Third Floor. Come and 
get involved!! 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Apply for exciting new positions on 
the ASUCSD Academic Affa irs 
Board. For more information, call 
5344450, or get an application 
from the A.S. Receptionist, Third 
Floor, Price Center. 

NEWSPAPER EDITOR WANTED 
Apply to be Editor·in-Chief of the 
A.S. newspaper. Position is paid. 
Other editors, writers, designers, 
photographers, and other staff 
wanted also. For more information , 
ca ll 534-4450, or pick up an 
appl ication with the A.S. Reception' 
ist, Third Aoor, Price Center. 

SUN GOD FEsTIVAL 
Artwork is needed for this year's 
fest ival. Do you have the talent to 
draw this year's flyers and t·sh irts? 
Drop off your submissions with the 
A.S. Receptionist. Third Floor, Price 
Center by Friday, March 12. You 
could win a $50 gift certificate! 

FIFTH COLLEGE SENATOR WANTED 
Apply now for Fifth COllege Senior 
Senator. Appl ications are available 
at MAAC 412 and are due Wednes· 
day, Feb. 24. 

AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FORUM 
Come hear a panel of speakers 
discuss ~his controversial issue as 
it applies to education and the 
workplace. The event will be held 
on Tuesday, Feb. 23, at 7 pm in 
York 2722. For more information, 
ca ll Mark at 450;1537 . 

THE BAHA'I CLUB 
Come share your views in the 
oneness of humanity 7 pm this 
Thursday, Feb. 25, in the Davis/ 
Riverside Room, Price Center. 
Everyone is welcome. 

BLACK'S WINTER ClASSIC 
Surf Contest and beach clean-up , 
at 8 am Saturday, Feb. 27 at 
Black's Beach. All contestants 
receive a free T·shirt, and the 
chance to win valuable prizes 
including a new surfboardl For 
entries and more information, call 
552-0920. 

MASQUERADE BALL 
Come to this Semi·formal pre· 
sented by Circle K from 7 pm to 12 
am on Saturday, Feb. 27 In the 
International Center. For more 
information, call 457-0190. 

T he UCSJ) Guu rd ian 

ASSORTED VINYL 
ACOUSTIC CONCERT SERIES 

I Performinq live Acou stic Sets in the Asson ed Vinyl Store! I 
THE ~ . 

DONALD 

.. 
WILSON 

QUINTET - , 
!Thu., Feb. 25 , 4.30 PM I I Fri., Mar. 5, 5.00 PM I 

Also appearing on Loudspeaker, 91X's local music show 
Hosted by Lou N iles Loudspeoker: Mondays, 12.00· 2.30AM 

! Mon., Feb. 22 
ph (6 19) 53 4 ·2733 

DUMPUNG DINNER AND 
KARAOKE NIGHT 

I 

Come to the International Cente r at 
6:30 pm on Friday, Feb . 25 to 
make and eat dumplings with CSA. 
Then join CSA at Oceanview 
Lounge from 10 pm - 1 am for a 
night of Karaoke. All are welcome. 
For more information , call 453· 
2320. 

CHINESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
MOVIE NIGHT 
Come watch " Raise the Red 
Lantern " on Wednesday, Feb. 24 at 
7 pm in WLH 2005. The movie is 
free , and everyofle is we lcome. For 
more information, call 453-2320 . 

CHINESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
SPORTS DAY 
Come out on Saturday, Feb. 26 
from 1 :30 - 5 :30 pm at the Muir 
Courts and enjoy the sun . Compete 
in basketball and Volleyball . 
Everyone welcome. For more 
information , call 450-9863. 

FUND RAISING 
S.O.L.O. Leadership Seminar 
Series presents a workshop on 
how to get fund s fo r your student 
organization. The seminar is at 7 
pm on Wednesday, 
Feb. 24 in Price 
Center Gallery B. 

THE GREAT SEX 
DEBATE 

I Mon ., Mar. 1 I 
lux (619) 534 · 1505 

SANGAM SEMIFORMAL 
Sangam presents A Dance on a 
Boat on Friday, Feb. 26 from 8 pm 
to 1 am. Held on the Berkeley Boat 
in San Diego Harbor, there will be a 
live DJ , catered food, pictures, and 
door prizes. Tickets are $15 at t he 
UCSD bcx office. All are welcome . 
For information , call 558·8103. 

SOMAUA AND ALGERIA 
Human Rights Abuses: Why do they 
cont inue? Presented by Muslim 
Student Associat ion on Thursday, 
Feb. 25, 7 pm in Peterson Hall 
108. 

WARREN THEATRE GUILD 
Presents a comedy by Larry Shue , 
"The Nerd: on two consecutive 
Fridays and Saturdays, Feb. 26 and 
27 and March 5 and 6. Perfor· 
mances are at 8 pm in the Warren 
Apartment Commons, and admis· 
sion is free. 

"WIU AIDS BE THE EXTINCTION 
OF THE HUMAN RACE?" 
Come to this panel discussion with 
f ield experts on Tuesday, March 2 
at 7:30 pm in Price Center Ball· 
room A. Presented by Faculty, 
Student, Staff Interaction . For more 
information, call 543-3465. 

Come join the 
mediated discussion 
framed by your 
questions to/ about 
members of the 
opposite sex, Tues· 
day, Feb. 23, 7 pm in 
Oceanview Lounge. 
Refreshments will be 
served, sponsored by 
Chinese Student 
Association. For more 
information, call 546-
1644. 

T h a nk Go d I t' s Frid ay 
AS Progr a mmin g Pre ents: 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
PANEL 
Come to the panel 
disclJssion on African 
and African·American 
students and profes· 
sionals in the United 
States on Thursday, 
Feb, 25 at 6 prn in 
the Intemational 
Center Lounge. Music 
and Appetizers will 
follOW. 

inspiral carpets 
FREE w it h s p ec ia l g u est SUNS CREAM 

Price Center M( F ri d a
h

y
: 

5:00pm arc J 

CWO Political Film Series Presents 

"**** So damn good, it's almost scarY' 
,,_, .. 1"''' 1 

AS Program mi ng Presents : 

GLENGARRY GLEN ROSS 
PRICE CENTER THEATRE 

6:30 9:00 1 1 : 30 

T h urs. 

Feb.2~ 
Tickets: 
$1 in advance 
$2 day of show 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hunger and homelessness in today's world is 

a reality. Help alleviate these problems by partici· 
pating in Hunger Awareness Day, February 27. 
Stop by the office, or call and ask for Molly. 

Becau e of the recent flooding, many people 
need ext,,, help. We need: FOOD: tuna. peanut 
butler. canned milk, beans, rice, bollied water, 
and other high protein staples. OTHER: wann 
clothing, blankets, children' sclothes, shoes, ~ocks. 
rain gear. sanitation supplies. diapers. toilet pa· 
per. and flashlights. Most importantly. help by 
volunteering to clean up on ~i te. 

Looking for something todo for Spring Break? 
The Breakaway program offers various issues 
with opponuni ties for community service. An 
information ession will be Friday, February 26at 
the University of San Diego (USD) at 4:30. 

Volunteer Connect ion is located on the second 
floor of Price Center across from the elevator. 
Come by, or call us at 534- 1414. 

A.S. Newsflashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edit/on. 

-



ARf 

HIIIT 
A Purist's Guide 
To Spring Training 

Spring training begins today. Base-
ball "purists" will undoubtedly wax nos-
talgic. spirming yams about Babe Ruth 's 
waisdineorGaylord Perry'sspitter. These 
purists will speak in hu hed, reverent 
tones about the mystical healing powers 
of IxIseball as fans in ClevelancL Seattle 
and Chicago forget the sc;m; of the past 
and renew the impossible dream of a 
championship season. 

Baseb:lIrs unabashed romami will 
inundate the fans wi th their melodra-
matic, flowery prose about the game, 
pewing marm like "Once again, ~­

ball awakens from its winter-long hiber-
nation as the elegant gentlemen of the 
diamond return to !,'I"Jce the gle:uning 
green pastures of America's IXl<;lime." 

Spewing is absolutely right. because 
that 's alii want to do a'i;r re..'1ding uch 
nonsense. Hitting a Roger Clemen 
fastba ll is tough, but writing baseball 
prose is much tougher. So I' ll express my 
heartfelt, sentimental feelings about the 
beloved g:Ulle of baseball with me<lty. 
ea.,i ly dig sted, bite-size nuggets. 

The Padre. .. ~t ink. 
There,l <;aid it. My favori te team,the 

lowly an Diego Padres, begin their 25th 
futile :UllIXlign in theirneverendingque:.t 
for baseball \ Holy Grai l. the World Se· 
nestfophy. With a weakened olfense and 
a \U~pect pltchmg .. talT. the Padres ~m 
de:.tined for no better than a fOllrth or 
liflh-place fmish in baseball's be." divi-
"on. the 'lJatiollal League West I cou Id 
CUN! the lxlo,cball g(rl .. , decrying the 
Padre .. ' front-office fo llies and half-
he..U1cd commitment to winning. but I 
won'\. I ,te:.ldfastly refuse to admit mem-

bcl~hl p in the mo~t piom, gr lip of fans. 
the baseball pUri~L\.lliI-..e ba.'iCball ~lll1ply 
bccau:.t: it'~ a g:um:. :Uld Ililo,e 10 watch 
and play g:une:.. Game:. make liercecom· 
petitors of ~ all. 

Fans aren '[ going to boycOtt the g:une 
because Ryne Sandbe('\J is making 7. 1 
mi ltion to hit a ball with a 70 percent 
fai lure rate. Fans certainly aren 'tgoing to 
~top watching baseball because a bunch 
of overpaid entertainers scrJtch them-
selves in front of millions on national 
television: Roseanne Arnold is living 
proof that baseball can sllrvive any Ii-
(lo;cO. 

Fans will continue to support baseball 
because its a game forchildren of all ages, 
like8-year-old Billy in T-Ball or 29-ye:lf-
old JOi.e ~o of the Rangers. And 
fans wi II continue to flock to the ballpark 
because there arc a few uperstars worth 
watching. Players like Nolan Ry:U1, Ken 
Griffey. Jr .. and Bo Jackson. 

Yes, Bo Jackson. "Bionic" Bo con-
tinues his comeback from hip repla e-
Ol\!nt surgery. and the Olicago White 
ox couldo't be happier. Bo is the biggest 

drawing card in the major le<lgu . If 
Jack n can pull it off. hi comeback 
would fankas one of the greatest in 'ports 
history. And. of course, Bo i enjoying 
the notoriety behind his hip surgery. As 

ike prepared (0 unveil a string of com-
mercials focu ing on the wondrou pow-
ers of Bo's new hip, Jackson recently 

See SPRING, Page 14 

The UC D Guardian Monday, Febnlary 22, 1993 

UCSD Bruises Bethany 
MEN'S BASKEIBALl: Tritons keep slim playoff~ alive with a gritty 83-74 victory over Bruins 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Andy Swindall manuvers for a pass during UCSO's victory over Bethany College. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 

WOMEN'S BASKEIBALL: 
UCSD won 76-56 over visiting 

Occidental on Friday. Erica 
Scholl led the Tritons with 18 

points. Page 14 

VOUEYBALL: The Tritons are 
·tiLi wiUl0ut a win thi year, losing 
in three games to USC. 15-6, 15-
2. 15-2. Saturday nigh\. PaCe U 

Dan McDowefI! GuBn1ian 
Chris Moore had 16 points In UCSD'. 83-
74 victory over Bethany College Friday. 

ayoreaWrem 
Sports Editor 

With just a mall spark of a chance of making 
the NCAA tournament. the UCSD men' basket-
ball team did all it could to pour a gallon of lighter 
fluid on those odds withan83-74winoverBethany 
College Friday night 

UCSD, which had squeaked out a 99-96 win 
over the Bruins earlier this 
year, looked like it was go-
ing to lerthis game be just as 
exciting during the opening 
half. The Tritons never 
trailed. but theirgame. espe-
cially the defense. was 00-
settled and shaky for most 
of the period Offensively, 
John Spence picked up the 
first score of the game when 
he took a pass at the top of 
the key and drove right up 
the middle for a IO-foo 
jumper 15 seconds into the 

contest. Bethany responded 50 seconds later when 
Terry Bennett h it an eight-fOO(erto tie the game at 
two. 

The team kepr up the b.'\Ck -and-fonh barrie for 
the first few minutes. With 3:05 gone in the fll'St 
half, Andy Swindall made a leaping save under the 
Tritons' basket, keeping the ball inbounds where it 
eventually found its way to Kareem Matthews on 
the break. Manhews missed his first layup, but 
followed it up with another to make the score M. 
After the Bn/ins had tied it up, Chri~ Moore drilled 
a three-pointer from the left comer to make it 9-6. 
Seventeen seconds later, point guard Rodney Lusain 
tole the ball for the Tritons at half court and made 

the score 11-6. 
Bethany responded with four points of its own 

in quick order before Moore knocked down hi 
second trey of the game with 14:SOtoplay, giving 
UCSD afour-point edge, 14-10. That started an 11-
3 run which was capped off by Lusain's coast-to-
coast off an inbounds pass up t.he left side to give 
UCSD a 22-13 lead. 

But the Bruins came right back, with Bennett 
leading the way. The junior guard put on an 
offensive show in the first half. seemingly pen-
etrating through the Triton defense anywhere he 
wanted to go. then nailing a jumper. turnaround or 
fall-away shot. Bennett nailed a tru.:e-pointer with 
10:05 to play in the half. closing the gap to 24-20. 
Twenty seconds later he sank two free throws and 
suddenly UCSD was ahead by only two. 

The Tritons pulled ahead again. making it 32-
25 on Spence's eight-footer, but Bethany rattled 
off four straight Moore's falling seven-fOO( shot 
with 4:07 to play gave UCSD a 34-29 advantage, 
but Bennett 's second three-pointer of the fU'St half 
fifty seconds later kept the Bruins within striking 
mnge at 36-32. 

Swindall increased the lead to six points II 
seconds later, when he dropped a spinning left-
handed bank off the glass from inside the paint 
With a minute and a half remaining, Moore sank 
his third three-pointer of the half, again from the left 
side, bumping the lead to 43-35. The half came to 
a close with the Tritons up 45-37. 

UCSD Head Coach Tom Marshall realized 
that the fll'St half was not the best 20 minutes of ball 
the team had played this year. "Defensively we 

See M. HOOPS, Page 14 

The Headline Matchup: Men's volleyball vs. Stanford, tonight at 5:30 p.m., Main Gym. 
Other Games: Men 's basketball vs. Menlo, Friday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. Women 's tennis at Claremont, Friday. Women's basketball at La Veme. Friday. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 22,1993 . PAGE 51 

• The list of UCSD's most successful alumni featur 
scientists, politiCians, and hard drivin' rock and roller . All 
of them agree that their alma mater provid d a fin 
preparation for their diverse career 

BY JESSICA FONG, STAFF ~f1R I TER 

"E RIC [CLAPTON] tS A SWEtr PERSON , 
a real English Gentleman." says 
1978 UCSD graduate Nathan 
East, who should know. The two 
first crossed paths in England 

where East was wielding his bass guitar for 
Phil Collins. The next time Clapton heard 
East, this time backing Kenny Loggins at 
UVE-AID, he knew he had found his 
man. East has been a member of Clapton 's 
band since 1985 and will be performing 
with him at this week's Grammy Awards. 
His alma mater is appropriately pleased as 
punch. 

The list of UCSD graduates who have 
joined ranks with the elite in their fields is 
surprisingly long, con idering the 
university'srelative infancy. Sprinkled lib-
erally throughout the ro ter of the requisite 
biologists and engineers is a solid repre-
sentation of alum ni successfu l in the cre-
ative arts. 

Along ide recent Nobel Prize winner 
in medicine Susumu Tonegawa and 
Macintosh compu ter developer Bill 
Atkinson stands 1985 al um Michael 
Griefco, who is the director of the Public 
Theater in New York. Graduate John 
Slaughter i now the president ofOcciden-
tal College. and the new White House 
physician is UCSD alum Eleanor Connie 
Mariano. Even James Avery, the actor 
who plays the father on TV's "The Fresh 
Prince of Bel Air" went to Third College. 

However lofty their achievements, all 
of the e people experienced anxieties and 
frustrations no different from the average 
student, and they remember hiking the 
path from the Hump to Revelle just like 
everyone else. 

East recalls that his experience at school 
was enjoyable. De pitebeingon the Dean's 
List, he wishes he had spent more time 
studying. He performed in a band called 
"Power," which played with the UCSD 
Gospel Choir and Jazz Ensemble. Fond 
memories of student life include playing 
and listening to concerts on the grass in 
front of the main gym and "pretty girls." 

"My education here was absolutely a 
positive experience," emphasizes East. 
"UCSD was a good stomping ground in 
the early days. It helped discipline me and 
taught me what I needed to apply to life 
today. I got a real-world education here, a 

quality and standard of education that I 
could go out and apply. I learned things 
then that I still draw on today," 

A light-hearted and easygoing rock and 
roller, the mode t East says, "This is a 
busine s of stepping stones. You work, and 
you become more visible. More people 
hear about you, and you work more. I just 
take a positive one foot forward and take 
every day as it comes. The formula for any 
type of success is continuous hard work." 
Since moving to L.A. after graduation, 
East has been compo ing and recording 
nonstop. and when he' not jamming with 
Clapton. he spends his time with a band 
called Foreplay. 

Sandra Dijkstra, after amassing a B.A. 
in Engli h Literature, an M.A. in Com-
parative Literature, and a Ph.D in French 
Literature at UCSD, was ready to try her 
hand as a literary agent. When her peers 
curtly informed her that there was no way 
an aspiring agent based in California could 
succeed, she took them up on the chal-

See SUCCESS, Page S2 

DomInic LobbIa/G~an 



S2 Monday, February 22,1993 

SUCCESS: Some 
UCSD grads are scholars, 
some play rock and roll 
Continued from page S1 
lenge. ot only has she proven the nay ayers 
wrong by howing that literature exist out-
side of ew York, she has blown past her 
competition. From her office in her Del Mar 
home. Dijkstr.l has handled uch be t- ell-
ing authors as Amy Tan (Thl! Joy Luck Club, 
Tire Kitchen God's Wifc» and Susan Faludi 
(Backlaslr : The UI/declared War Against 
American Women). 

Dijkstra credits her coup to what he 
describes as the excellent education she re-
ceived at UCSD. "I'm a believer in educa-
tion," ~he ~ays. "1 think . tudents need to 
understand the meaning of what they ' re get· 
ting from education. They need to just plun· 
der the place and get what they can. Then, 
they can expand their understanding of the 
world. and it will serve them later." 

This seems 10 have worked for California 
StateSenatorand 1975 gmduate Lu y Killea. 
who eamed her Ph.D. by pillaging the Latin 
American History Department. Attending 
UCSD for graduate slUdie~ while in her 4& 
"opened up the whole new second hal f of my 
life." Killea say that learning how to be a 
good student and then actually doing quite 
well was very smisfying. 

" It w3l, fun because it was such a mall 
campus. There was a newness, a fragility of 
some new creation. and everyone felt that 
they were a part of trying to make this 
campu~ succeed," says Killen. 

After a shon po~t-graduation teaching 
~tint at SDSU and later at a community 
college. Killea s<lys that she began to get 
restless, and dccided that teachi ng wasn'l 
her culling. " By this time, I had gonen in· 
volved in the community. I realized thai 

politic are where decision are made," she 
explains. 

Robert Kushner started his continuing 
climb tothe top of the art world from UCSD. 
As a member of the first graduating class of 

m 
It was fun because it was 

such a small campus. 

There was a newness, a 

fragllityofsome new 

creation, and everyone 

felt that they were part of 

trying to make this 

campus succeed. 

L CYKnLFA 
UC D aill/lwus and Califomia 

State Senator 

Muir. Ku~hnerdid very well. "I had a 4.0 the 
liN year I was there. Then I lightened up," 
he I<lughs. His story is a familiar one for 
many UCSD students. At first, he had in-
tended to be a biology major and took on 3 
heavy cou~ load of organic chemi try and 

GET RELIEf ... GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

Ijt.blit1.~ 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
/lealth again! Dr. Schlus e/ put 
health back in your life. 

• Auto, work, and spores injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CAll TODAY fOR AFfORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
localed al t-5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

r---- ----------------, 

2TANs$1: : I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I r 
'-------

One for you, r ' for a friend : 
130 Tan Days ~goo I I 

Woiff 6ed5 • Facial T:n1e1'5 I I 5cmo ... 1lk1Iora_ 
.2rd :lO""dIyo~.ll9( .. tllI .. d-) 1 

---------------_/ 
r------------~-----------\ 

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
: Guaranteed ... $48 $96 " 1I0st 11 inches, and my jeans : 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
I Lose at least 6" or you don't payl . Mindy , San Diego I 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 
I ~~~~ J~NGLE La Jolla I't, Lama SUiU Col. I I :325t Holiday Ct. 455-0952 224-9727 697-0014 I 

acr055 street from Et Torlto Pacific 6cach M~51on Valley L, Me$, ~55~OO~ ____ 3~OOOO ____ ~~~ ___ ~~~_~ 

calculu c1asse. which he enjoyed. But for 
him, biology was a disappointment. 

"1 was very interested in living orgaJ'l-
isms, but the structure of this school was too 
theoretical. I never once got to see anything 
alive." It turned out that the art classes 
Kushner took to fulfill his general education 
requirements helped determine hi furure 
career. By his sophomore year. he knew that 
he wanted to be an artist. 

Now Ku hner is a professional artist based 
in New York with work on display in a San 
Francisco gallery and the New Jersey Art 
Museum. It took a while, though. before he 
could make a name for himself. After he 
graduated in 1971, Kushner worked for a 
short time in a restaurant, then restored ori-
ental rug ,hunting all the while for a gallery 
which would champion him as an artist. 
Eventually. he found one. and six or seven 
years later. his work began to sell. 

He liked the atmosphere of the artistic 
community in ew York. HI was there to see 
the art. to meet people, to go to poetry 
readings. It was all a big thrill. Of course, 
making money was pleasant. too," he says. 

Now 43, Ku hner' work con isIS pre-
dominantl y of paintings, but he al 0 works in 
sculpture, print and performance art. Hi 
work currently explore images of flowers 
drawn with gold-leaf in the Asian style. 
combined with very rich backgrounds. 

The UCSD Guardian 

place ince the time that he was a student 
here, Kushner muses, "At the tune, every-
thing was in formation. Back then, there 
were a lot more drug and free sex. and free 
love. The whole world was different in '67. 
There was no fear of ex. And the i sue of 
drug wasviewedasbeinghip;the(purpo e] 
was expanding, [it wa n't] seen as danger-
ous." 

The students had a pirit which matched 
their behavior. "This was a small school. It 
was like being a part of a privileged group," 
says Kushner. "It was pretty wild. Yeah, the 
school was for the real brainy bio types, but 
it had a sort of intellectual bohemian reputa-
tion." 

Wolfgang Berger, a renowned global 
warming expert, graduated from UCSD in 
1968. His recent work has concentrated on 
drilling into the ocean floor off the coast of 
Ontong Java, an island in the South Pacific 
where a kilometer-deep biologicaljunk heap 
of fo sils and planktonic organisms rest . . 
Berger says they date back about a million 
years. 

Leading 50 other scientists on a two-
month expedition to the island, Berger 
combed the ancient organism for evidence 
to help him reconstruct what the earth's 
climate was probably like when the criners 
lived, and how it has ubsequently changed. 

because I don't think I could get in now." 
Another distinguished UCSD graduate 

and later professor is Zachary Fisk, a leading 
expert in superconductivity. The year that he 
started as a graduate student was the first in 

m 
UCSD was a good 

stomping ground in the 

early days. I got a real-

world education here, a 

quality of education that 

I could go out and apply. 

I learned things then 

that I still draw on today. 

NA1HANEAsr 

SPECTACLE S3 

there was a lot of money available to scien-
tist , which made it far easier to conduct 
re 'earch, "It was just a beehive of activity. I 
liked it here, This sound like a recessive 
remark, probably, but I had been waiting for 
a time when I ould take ju t nil physics 
classes and nothing else." 

Now, say Fisk, "It's definitely weird to 
be on the faculty side. rather than being the 
one taking the classes. It's very enjoyable 
and fun." 

For San Diego CounC'ilwoman Valerie 
Stallings. UCSD had a cenain vitality and 
excitement. She enjoyed the stimulating en-
vironment and I iked the inrellectual atmo-
sphere and the challeng('. As an anthropol-
ogy major. Stallings was an excellent stu-
dent. graduating c/lm laude while holding 
down a full-time job at the Salk Institute, 
where she continued to work after graduat-
ing in 1978. 

II was during a year which she spent in 
Holland through an exchange program that 
she realized what it was she wanted to do for 
a career. She had been isolated from other 
Americans there and spent a lot of time 
alone. 

'There was the realization that I was an 
American, and that I had to put my money 
where my mouth was," Stallings says. She 
was elected to the Pacific Beach Land Use 
Committee, and later became director of the 
Town Council on her way to becoming 
councilwoman for San Diego. 

Ku hner says that he ecured a solid 
background in the liberal arts with his UCSD 
education , adding that the whole character 
of the campus was exciting when he was a 
student."UCSDwasfabulously trongthen." 
he says. 'There was a high quality of people 
- people who were on the cutting edge. 
Everything wa new. The art and music 
worlds had so many open doors, and I felt 
particularly lucky to have been exposed to 
that. .. 

Back then, there were a lot more drugs and free love. [U,CSD] was for the real 

Berger has worked at the Scripp Institu-
tion of Oceanography ever since he got his 
Masters degree, and now teaches classes at 
UCSD in marine geology, environmental 
science and the relationship between my-
thology and science. ''This office that I have 
here is where I have been more than any-
where else," he miles. 

UCSD alumnus alld bass guitarist 
for Eric Claptoll ~ band 

Additionally, the athletic Stallings be-
came vice president of the San Diego 
Triathlon Club. At the age of 46. she has 
come in either first or second for her age 
group in every triathlon in which she has 
competed. 

brainy bio types, but it had a sort of intellectual bohemian reputation. 
ROBERT KUSHNER 

UCSD alumnus and professional artist 
"I did aLright in classes," says Berger. " I 

was not necessarily at the top of the class. but 
I was usually okay, between As and Bs.I see 
what a strong background students have 
now. I'm glad that I didn't do it back then 

which undergraduate classes were also taught 
on campus, ince the university originally 
was only a graduate school. UCSD also claims mystery writer Alan 

Russell among its alumni. During the day, 
Rus ell is the general manager of the Sea 

See SUCCESS, Page S4 Reflecting on the changes that have taken 

18e}f,,",,:r~ 
~74 

a booksigning 

~ ......... ~~~~--..... .. - ~ 

nA~FeSence'Of~ . , 
Stprfsand Poems, 1961-1991' 

I, Scott Momaday calls upon his Kiowa bac!tground to I / give us echoes of IJncient oral trlJdition. Among the 
l aWlJrds that hlJve been conferred o~ MomlJday are the 1 AClJdem~l~oets Prize 1J~4 ;~e Pulitzer Prize. l :~ ~4 
\.. (.~. .~ .I 
,\', ·~th ~\ Thill~tiay, Fe~v 25~ ~. r \ :J ~ '/ 4 P m ' ao I \ h/ I I t' . ; /..< .. ,/' 

UCSD BooKs,pre foyer \ 
,~I . _ ~\f __ ~ 

~nllnflN(J (~Ol 
Ue5D 
MIGHt 
Wedne~day 

Nignts 

Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

'_ .' . ....-

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21/w student 10 

~----·---·-------------------~I--~~ . 

II I, N A I L SPECIALS 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 

-' $24.9$ 
AliI $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 

Flbergl ... HllIII with TIps $2U9 Reg. $45 
U.nlcurela ~I $15.95 

WlxJng Starting .. $3 
MaNana $6 • FlCIala $25 Reg. $35 

11111 a.. WOIIIII 
8055 Ciairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King ~ • 560-5081 
Hal YIIId ..." .., _ ~ &pires 318193 

''Those were wonderful days." he sighs. 
' 'This school had a completely blue-ribbon 
faculty." Fisk arrived during an era when 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 

77C!: 
No minimum • 81/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 

ONE DAY 
Enlargements to 2411 x 36 11 

Mounting & Laminating 
Black & White Xerox copies 8"1/2 11 x 1111 

only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

USED 
L VIS 

COLORS • CUT-OffS • fADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60' s, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MIlITARY' TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
----_ M,SAT. 11·6:30' 222·0220 



The UC 0 Guardian Monday, February 22, 1993 

RHENR 

WHAT DO YOU 
I eat right and try to sleep on 
weekends to make up for the 
week's I s. Plus, milk does a 
body good! 

DO TO STAY 
HEAL1HY? 

I eat donuts. EvelY clay. 

MANIKA KALRA 
Fifth Freshman Ph to and Interviews by 

JENNIFER V ANN 

J EFFREY M OSI£Y 
Fifth Senior 

I tlo jnz danet: once a week, 
anti I practice in m apartment 
on my own. I a lso watch my fat 
int.lke by ~haring my M&M~ 
W ith people. 

o ns ide ring I'm no t very 
healthy. I guess [ don 't do 
much. 

I run at LaJolla hares beach at 
least four times a week, and 
I'm a vegetarian. 

[ sleep a lot, even if it means 
missing classes. I also take pills 
M m sends me. Occasionally I 
eat a few apples and oranges. 

J ICA PITELKA 
\\'t lnt'll Flt's/;lIIal7 

SHANNON TuRK 
~[({ir opholl1ore 

JUIJE TRUPKE 
Third Freshman 

MAlT CALVERT 
Fifth Sophomore 

SUCCESS: Some 
grad credit UCSD 
for their great careers 
Continued from page S3 
Lodge Hotel in LAI Jolla. which is 

~i tuatcd right on the beach. At night. 
he retum~ home and writes.lli~ long-
perCOlating dream of becoming a 
writer full -time i clo 'e to coming 

lrue. Four of hi~ novel ' have been 
purchased b publishers. and IWO of 
them are now in print. In June, hi first 
paperback novel wi ll be hitting the 
shelve '. 

"[(s easier for a publi her 10 but-
tonhole you and say thai you're a 
mystery writer." he ays. admitting 
that while crime l>torie are the mo t 
widely read of literary genres, he 
sometimes I ngs 10 write other sce-

narios. Yet he al 0 defends his occu-
pation aying, "My leries are as chal-
lenging a genre as any. It 's not ju I a 
imple case of whodunit." 

Ru ell ha been wriling since 
childhood, and de cribes him elf as 
"myopic" and "single-minded" be-
cause he has always wanted 10 be a 
wordsmith. "I never had enough lime 
Ihen, and I don't have enough lime 
now. People stop being as inlere ted 

WRITE FOR 5PE[TR[LE 
I I . PLRY. 53~-5226 

TAKING THE 

GMAT? , . , , 
LSAT?~ 
GRE? TEST PREPARATION "'PIP 
IT'S Y UR CHOICE: M 

~ HIGH PRICE 
~ AUDIOTAPED LESSONS 
~ GIMMICKS 
~ OUT-Of-DATE MATERIALS 
~ ONE-SIZE-mS-ALL 

INSTRUCTION 

~ CLASS SIZE LIMITED TO 12 STUDENTS 
~ UNLIMITED ONE-ON-ONE TUTORING 
~ COURSE MATERIALS INCLUDE EVERY 

OFFICIAL TEST A V AILABLE 
~ INSTRUCTORS WHO CARE ABOUT 

YOUR INDMDUAL NEEDS 

as they get older. I till read as much 
now as I did in school. I still feel as 
active," he says. In addition to work-
ing, pen-pu hing and spending time 
with his family, Russell al 0 pride 
him elf on reading at least two books 
every week. 

"I wi h I'd been smarter [in col-
lege 1, "laments Ru sell, "and involved 
myself in writing group, and worked 
with mentors. I wouldn't haye had to 

learn so many thing the hard way." 
He really seems to appreciate the edu-
cation he did manage to get at UCSD, 
though. 

An ambitious student, Russell 
served for a year a editor-in-chief of 
the school new paper, known as the 
Triton Times. He likes to ay that at 
UCSD, he learned "how to bum the 
midnight Camel. That's my pithy 
statement." 

.. 

, 

The UCSD Catholic Community 
invites you to celebrate 

Ash Wednesday 
February 24, 1993 

Masses will be held at 12: 10 pm 
5:10pm and 9:00 pm 

An Ecumenical Service with 
distribution of ashes will be held 

at 7:30 pm 

All services wUI be held llt the 
IF YOU WANT PERSONALIZED ATTENTION SO YOU CAN MAXIMIZE YOUR SCORE. CALL PTP: 

(61 9) 464-2627 
Unjversity Lutheran Cbua;b. across from Revelle Campus, 

at the comer of N. Tcmey Pines and La .lORa Shores. 


