
Elsewhere 
UCLA Senate Finds 
ROTC Discrimination 
L9S ANGELES - UCLA's 
Academic Senate recommended 
that the university renegotiate 
its Reserve Officer Training 
Corps (ROTC) contract with the 
U.S. Department of Defense 
because it violates the school's 
discrimination policy by 
denying gays and lesbians 
admission to the program and 
commissions after graduation. 
The senate called on UCLA to 
suspend its ROTC program if 
renegotiation fails. The decision 
comes after a year-long senate 
study. ROTC faculty members 
have urged the senate to 
reconsider its conclusions. 

UC Davis Students 
Take Back the Night 
DA VIS - Hundreds of people 
participated in the 12th annual 
Take Back the Night event to 
increase awareness about 
violence against women and 
children. The event was 
marked by a rally at Davis ' 
Central Park, followed by a 
march throug~ the city. 
Participants hoped to "educate 
the community about the 
continuous abuse of our 
women and children," said 
Emily Curray, the coordinator 
of the UC Davis Rape Preven-

. tion and Education Program. 

UCLA A.S. Pre.ldent 
Will Keep Post 
LOS ANGELES - Mark 
Pulido was unanimously 
reseated as undergraduate 
student lxx\y president by the 
UCLA council after he provided 
documentation to university 
administrators proving that he 
was a registered student. Pulido 
had been declared ineligible for 
office when it was thought he 
had not completed the minimum 
requirement of four units during 
winter quarter. "Even though 
there are only two more weeks 
left in my administration, I will 
continue to serve them to the 
best of my abilities, as I have 
done since I was elected last 
spring,'! Pulido said. 

, 

Inside 

SEX 
SPECTACLE: Students 
explore the seamy under-
belly of sexual fantasies. Sl 

SPORTS: Matt Inskeep 
won the decathlon at the 
NCAA championships. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .............. .......... 2 
LIGHTS" SIRENS ....... ... ....... 3 
OPINION .....•. .. .... .......... ...... . 4 

PECTACLE .............. .. ... .. ... SI 
CLA SmEDS ...................... 12 
SPORTS ..... ... ...... ......... ....... 16 

T H E u c s D 

UCSANDIEGO TUESDAY,jUNEI,I993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 19 

Co-ops to Receive Eviction Notices 
NEGOnAnGN: In spite of Friday's agreement 
between the A.S., GSA and co-ops, Watson rejects 
revised Memorandum of Understanding 

tration would not sign the docu-
ment, but extended the deadline to 
May 31 for further negotiations. 

By ErIc Schmidt occupation," said Groundwork 
Senior Staff Writer Books member Chloe Burke. 

On the heels offailed last-ditch The AS., GSA and the co-ops 
negotiations, the administration met Friday to sign a revised Memo-
will likely send eviction notices to randum of Understanding follow-
the UCSD student cooperatives ing week-long negotiations. The 
today. memorandum specifies A.S. and 

Last month, the AS. signed a 
version of the memorandum which 
was acceptable to Watson. How-
ever, the co-ops and GSA would not 
sign because they found certain 
points unacceptable. 

The administration, the co-ops, GSA oversight of the co-ops with 
the Associated Students and the administrative approval. 
Graduate Student Association ViceChancellorofUndergradu-
(GSA) could not agree to sign the ate Affairs Joseph Watson said Sun-
same Memorandum of Understand- day that he would not sign the new 
ing before a May 31 co-op eviction document, nor would he extend the 
deadline. The co-ops will probably eviction deadline. His approval is 
sue the administration to haltthe 60- required on a valid Memorandum 
day eviction procedure, according of Understanding. 

Watson said the previous docu-
ment was the final acceptable ver-
sion. "We signed the document that 
the AS. prepared for us, and we' re 
committed to it," he added. 

Jason Ritchie/GuBldian 
A.S. PresIdent Carla Tesak said 
that the new co-op agreement 
Is "not radically different." 

to A.S. President Carla Tesak. The document is a new version 

At the Friday meeting, Tesak 
and other student leaders evinced 
hope that Watson would sign the 
document. "If the administration 
wants to negotiate [points in the 
new agreement], they ' re welcome 
to extend the eviction deadline," she 
said. 

sion the administration signed in 
January. 

"Iftheyattempttoevictus, we'll of a string of memorandums, the 
have to resist by any means neces- first of which appeared before aJan. 
sary, by legal [action] and physical 31 eviction deadline. The adminis-

Tesak said the document is "not 
radically different" from the ver-

"Once again, I'm really amazed, 
but not surprised," Burke said. "The 

See C()'()P, Page 7 

CJ8Yk:t Cho/GUMdiMl 
GratIItI artists Chris "Sake" Kinney and Ken "Quas." 1bompson demonstrate their 
talents at last Thursday's Grassroots ComnunlcatJon exposition at the Hump. 

Grassroots Communication 
Class Enjoys Its Day in the Sun 
EXPOSmoN: Students take part 
in 'extremely rewarding' projects 
for Thursday's event at the Hump 
By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

A group of UCSD students received first-
hand experience in "grassroots communica-
tion" when it put together a display on the Hump 
last Thursday. The event was part of the 
Grassroots Communication class-Communi-
cation as a Social Force 175 - which is offered 
once a year to students of all majors. 

1lle purpose of the exposition was to demon-
strate the effects of grassroots communication 
on various non-profit organizations, according 
to Phil Decker, a visting professor with the 
Communication Department. 1lleexpo featurid 

student-created projects that focused on such 
diverse subjects and groups suchas Battered 
Women Services, AIDS Awareness, Latch-Key 
Kids and gangs, among others. 

"The students of Grassroots Communica-
tion have been working really hard for this expo 
all quarter :md have gained a unique experience 
that is unlike any other class here at UCSD -
doing something for the community in an aca-
demic setting," Decker said 

Deckenklded that these projects will be used by 
the cormnunity to promote their organizations. 

Students described the course as extremely 
reWarding. Nick 1llomas, a student in the class, 
worked with graffiti artists. "The purpose of 
having these artists out here is to promote graf-
fiti in a positive way - these kids have a greater 
understanding of art and color theory than a 
four-year college graduate," he said. 

Faculty, Students 
Call for Repeal 
Of Loyalty Oath 
AWGIANCE: Biology professor 
turned down position at UCSD 
rather than sign mandatory oath 
By Joooa Palmer 
Staff Writer 

Graduate students and faculty have come 
together in support of Mark Konishi, an appli-
cant at UCSD's Biology Department who did 
not accept a professorship because he would be 
forced to sign the State Oath of Allegiance. 

All state employees must sign~heoath, which 
requires them to "support and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States and the Constitu-
tion of the State of Califomia." 

Responding to Konishi 's refusal to sign the 
oath, UCSD graduate students and faculty mem-
bers have started a letter writing campaign in an 
attempt to get legislators to repeal the oath. 

According to Biology Professor James 
Enright, Konishi was invited to join the Biology 
faculty at UCSD but refused as a matter of 
conscience, knowing that if he did, he would 
have to sign the Oath of Allegiance. Enright said 
Konishi hoped for a way around the require-
ment. 

"I don't see why an exception couldn't be 
. made .... I'm really .sorry to see that he's not 

going to be coming here. He 's a real gem of a 
professor," Enright said. 

Looking back at his own decision to sign the 
oath, Enright said, "I had just come from the 
status of a starving graduate student. I would 
have signed anything." 

Graduate student Matthew Belmonte is lead-
ing the effort to abolish the requirement. Ac-
cording to Belmonte, the oath is not helpful in 
any way and is virtually unenforceable. 

Belmonte added that the oath may also affect 
co-op employees. Because they are technically 
university, and therefore, state employees, they 
must sign the loyalty oath. 1bose who did not 
may not get paid 

See OATH, page 7 



2 ... WS 

Two UCSD Students 
Run to Fight Leukemia 
MARA1IION: Rasner and Marshall will compete in 
San Francisco race to raise money for disease research 
By Me.ee. Jecoba 
StsffWrlter 

Fifth College junior Amy Rasner 
and Third College senior Nell 
Marshall will challenge themselves 
as runners in the San Francisco 
Marathon for the Leukemia Society 
of America as part of the group 
Team In Training in mid-July. 

The 26-mile 

Marshall, the runners and families 
often become quite attached to each 
other, and Bright's family has ex-
pressed extreme gratitude for their 
efforts. 

"They said it was special to them 
that people really care," Rasner said. 

"When they feel scared and alone, 
it's meaningful that people recognize 

what they're going 
through." she added. course, starting at 

the Golden Gate 
Bridge arid winding 
throughout the city 
of San Francisco, 
will serve as theset-
ting where hundreds 
of runners andfopon-
sors will raise 
money for research 
in leukemia, a de-
bilitatingcancerthat 
occurs in the bone 
marrow. Leukemia 
causes the prema-
ture release of white 
blood cells into the 
blood stream. 

"This is a chal-
lenge to run a mara-
thon with the en-
couragement and 
inspiration of run-
ning for a leukemia 
patientwhocan'tgo 
out and do this him! 
herself. It allows 
you to give back to 
the community," 
Rasner said. 

"[leukemia 
patient] John 
[Bright] and I 
made a pact that 
he'll go through 
with the 

The runners 
were particularly 
drawn to the pro-
gram because of 
personal connec-
tions to the disease. 
Both Marshall ' s 
grandfather and the 
fatherofac1osehigh 
school friend died 
of leukemia, as did 
a family friend of 
Rasner's. 

"It ' s amazing 
how many people 
come into contact 
with [leukemia] 
and have been af-
fected by the dis-
ease through fam-
ily or friends," 
Rasner said. Ac-
cording to the San 
Diego Leukemia 
Society' s Special 
Events and Patient 
Aide Coordinator 
Judy Cleborne, 
over I 4,500 people 
in California will 
be diagnosed with 
leukemia in the 
next year, a figure 

Team in Train-
ing currently has 
groups in approxi-
mately 50 cities na-
tionwide that spon-
sor their program's 
marathons. The San 
Diego chapter was 
formed in 1989. 

transplant. The 
deal Is that [the 
transplant] Is 
hi. 'challenge 
and running the 
marathon .s my 
challenge. We 
feed off one 
another for 
support." which includes 

-Amy Rasner, 
Fifth College Junior 

Hodgkin 's disease, 
non - Hodgkin 's 
disease and 

Each runner or group of runners 
is matched with a patient, on whose 
behalf they run. San Diego Leuke-
mia Society Team In Training Co-
ordinatorChristie Glasby united the 
Marshall and Rasner team with 23-
year-old John Bright, who was di-
agnosed in November, 1991 with 
acute myelogenous leukemia. Al-
though he . has undergone several 
chemotherapy treatments and is cur-
rently in remission, Bright awaits a 
bone marrow transplant in July. 
Rasnersaid that she andBright spend 
a lot of time together and have be-
come good friends. 

"John and I made a pact that he' ll 
go through with the transplant. The 
deal is that [the transplant] is his 
challenge and running the marathon 
is my challenge. We feed off one 
another for support," she said. 

According to Rasner and 

lymphoma. 
Rasner and Marshall are the 

youngest members of the San Di-
ego team. Preparation for the race 
began in February and consisted 
primarily of weekly training sched-
ules. Currently, they have been run-
ning anywhere from 40-60 miles a 
week individually while meeting 
with the whole team on the week-
end for group runs. 

Meanwhile, theircoach provides 
them with knowledge on nutrition, 
injuries and training while offering 
them motivation and emotional sup-
port. 

"[The race and training] is not all 
glory and fun . It 's a lot of soreness, 
blood, sweat and tears .. .. The pro-
gram is a tremendous grpwth expe-
rience- knowingthepatient, work-
ing with the team and challenging 
oneself - it 's remarkable," Rasner 
said. 

The UCSD Guardian Tueaday, June I, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
I 8£1I~ ~L ~. \)Q,1'4A~ U~~ MIl> mE ~ST r-------~----------~ 1 1\I1"'t I teO ~ 

srPolrr \W\GING .. ~t> 
't{1n\ ~~ AAIW>.l':>. 

GR.Ett> JIJSTlv\£S Ntt It<;'lilM~TE C~ ~IAATCR 
E.'4E~nlll'IG- . I'V8lK g(tiR.iAI"~i 1'3 ~'ft"''1S ~_-1 

llllQllf: 

MC.I'£"! PIE ()E<.IOE 0 It) BE " 
· \\lJt>IiER · <;~THER£R· 't{~K I 
GRo'H IJP.' 11J... Q£ U\lltVi ~ 
IN A. T\(C)I>ICAl ~T, S\llrll'!.-nlll.; 
00 8ERRI~. GRVIJ'S, Atoll) THE 

Q(C~"'IONf..L fRl:Xi, ~ Si'EKl)IKG 
""'I rn:E -n~E ~I~ f<lR Uc.e: I 

I 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Division of Engineering Changes N arne 
The Division of Engineering at UCSD will now be 

known as the School of Engineeri~, following the 
approval of the Board of Regents at Its May 20-21 
meeting in San Francisco. The new designation had 
been recommended by the UCSD Academic Senate. 

·The name change will make absolutely no operac 
tional difference," said Dean of Engineering M. Lea 
Rudee, who added that the change will help eliminate 
confusion about the university's commitment to engi-
neering. 

"There are other universities and colleges who call 
their engineering unit a division, but they are much 
smaller than us. They are really glorified departments, 
so this was a misnomer on our campus," said Rudee, 
who will step down as dean at the end of the academic 
year. 

The School of Engineering has approximately 100 
faculty members and an undergraduate enrollment of 
about 2,000 students. 

Today'. Carillon Concert Will 
Honor Instrument'. Donor 

In honor of the 99th birthday of carillon donor Joe 

Rubinger, a special carillon concert will be held at noon 
today at the Central Ubrary. The 15ininute concert will 
be audible to nearly everyone on the UCSD campus. 

Muir College senior Till Meyo will perform an original 
composition on the carillon keyboard. His performance 
was commissioned especially for the event. Also per· 
forming will be Jim Soe Nyun and Scott Paulson. 

UCSD Cancer Center Receive. 
$I Million Grant to Study Diet 

The UCSD Cancer Center was recently given a $5 
million pledge to fund a cancer research study by the 
Walton Family Foundation, Inc. The grant will establish 
an eight-year study of the connection between diet and 
the progreSSion and treatment of cancer. 

The grant will also support a new endowed chair 
named for Sam M. Walton, the founder of Wal-Mart 
Stores who died last year after a battle with bone cancer. 

"The gift from the Walton FamIly Foundation will 
greatly enhance the research programs of the UCSD 
Cancer Center, particularly in the exciting field of nutri-
tional studies in cancer treatment: said UCSD Chancel-
lor Richard Atkinson. 

The Guardian 
weather report 

lu.s: 70·/62· Wed: 70·/60· Thur: 72·/60· 
Source: NationallNeather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, AssocIate News Editor 

ROGER IWO, Graphics Editor 

IUUSTllATOIIS: Michl Croft. Tire Eor!. Nllthen Erlln. Speed FlIfTIs. Jennifer 
Hart. Dominic lObbIl. Alln Lundllen. Adrtano Munoz. Katie Roe. 1J SPOllC 
DlllIII ... I· Joel Wlleon l:1IeunI. Men:us LobbI • • Chrlatopher lock 

ChO. Jaon Curran. Sldart Deb. Slul levine. Chuck 

Il!e (.(:SO GnIn Is p!ds/Ied IIoncIIII n l!usdI!IcUfrt .. DIIII'*,.. by n b hlllllrU 
rl lJ:SO. ~ rllilnewIIIII* " ~ bin. ..... " ... II"" ~ IIIfIIIiIIIon II SIJIcUI~Cl993,.IWb_. ll!et.ao~ II IIII"""b"_rI 
..-",...,. or III. llIt_lIIIIftIICI lnptb n ...., .... or c:oom.-tIIdD l1li 
--ur ~ lie opi"ians rlll!e (.(:SO B.wN\ ....... rI cania, II lilt AuadIIId 
~ Il!e t.ao ~ Is fII1dId _ by ~ EIIIIIIIIdr" .. flat.,. B GuIIIo. 

BEN IOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, MlJII8tlInt Editor 
SHANNON .10l0I, Copy Editor 

RENt lRUC~iate GfBphlcs Editor 
MIGUEL IYIR, Deslln Editor 
KARIN CHING, Associate News Editor 

lEN LAVINE, Associate Opinion Editor 
DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 

PHIJP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NlDEL, Hiatus Editor 

.JAION RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT.::c'ate Spotts Editor 

DAVID , Features Editor 
QRIGQ WRINN, Spotts Editor 

_ ITAPI' WIIIIIIIS: Jenny ~ DIn KlBuIi. MIIlr.w RobtnIon. Brett 
RIIyM, MICIINI 8c:I1wMz. S/Ief)'t WOIcoIl 
.... ~ E'-C-. TerrI~. Albert CIIrIIIIdI, KnI.In HeIItMoo. 
BIItt ItWIrW. Mel .. JICObI. GM ~, RocIIIJCk 1M, WInCIy McfM. 1'*-1 
Moen . .......... JonnI ...... P8U1,.,.... Jtf,..,..,., a. -.nt .... RIdIIJ. 
Kns.ut.Rllus-n.. .. SIIIJ. __ J· SIIImwI,tw.I-..~ ...... 
IIIIIIII OOIIIUlTMm ~ c-.. 

EdItorIII: S348580. IIuI.IneM 0tIIce: 5U30e68. FIJI: 53A-7S81 
UCSD ......... HOO ...... DIM 031.8, 

La ..... , CA 92093--031.8 
At:\uII '-lion: ..... PIocw. UC80 ...... c.n.r.-. .... 

T . _day, June 1, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Guardian Captures Top Honors in Contest 
AWARDS: Fonner design 
editor named College 
Designer of the Year 
By FrancIsco DeVries 
News Editor 
and PhlIlp Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Th e UCSD Guardian was 
named the best designed college 
newspaper in the country by the 
Student Society of Newspaper De-
sign in a contest held last month. 

In addition , former Design Edi-
tor James Collier, now with the 
Orange County Register, was 
named the College Designer of 
the Year. Design Editor Miguel 
Buckenmeyer won an honorable 
mention in that category. 

The Guardian took first place 
for feature page design, sports page 
design, editorial or commentary 
page design, entertainment page 
design, information grllphic and 
illustration. In all, the Guardian 
captured 25 awards. 

" I wasn' t surprised. I felt the 
staff as a whole •.. did a lot of hard 
work and it paid off," Collier said. 

"Winning student designer of 
the year is kind of like icing on the 
cake," he added. 

Buckenmeyer agreed, saying, 
"I knew we were good, but not this 
good. I think that next year will be 
even better." 

The Guardian wasn ' t the only 
UCSD publication honored by the 
Student Society of Newspaper De-

Frtday, May 21: 

sign. The California Review re-
ceived a first-place award for 
Magazine or Special Section Ap-
pearing Regularly. 

TINt Guardian Winne,. 
• Guardian Staff, First Place. 

Overall Design of Newspaper 
• James Collier, First Place, 

College Designer of the Year 
• Miguel Buckenmeyer, Hon-

orable Mention, College Designer 
of the Year 

• Staff, Second Place, Page One 
Design, "Blowing in the Wind," 
Jan. 25 , 1993 

• Staff, Third Place, Page One 
Des ign. "All Eyes are on Jack," 
March I , 1993 

• Roger Kuo, Ben Freund, First 
Place, Feature Page Design, "Out 
With the Bad, In With the Worse ," 
Jan. 4, 1993 

• Buckenmeyer, Rene Bruckner, 
Second Place, Feature Page De-
sign, "Spires of Faith," Jan. 25, 
1993 

• Collier, Mel Marcelo, Third 
Place. Feature Page Design, "The 
Science Page," April 3D, 1992 

• Collier, First Place, Sports 
Page Design, "Tuning up for 
Barcelona," April 22, 1992 

• Collier, Second Place, Sports 
Page Design, "Barcelona '92," 
April 22, 1992 

• Collier, Katie Roe, First Place, 
Editorial or Commentary Page De-
sign , "Women , Femini sm & 
Choice," May 21, 1992 

• Collier, Kuo, Second Place, 

8:45 a.m.: A student reported an annoying phone call at the LGBA Office. 
4:00 p.m.: A no n-affiliate reported the theft of a costume from the Sun God 
Lawn. Loss: $900. 
6:14 p.m.: A 20-year-old male student was arrested for being a minor in 
possession of alcohol in Lot 310. Cited and released. 
9:10 p.m.: A 19-year-old male student was detained for public drunkenness at 
Humanities and Social Sciences (HSS) 2250. Transported to Detox. 
9:10 p.m.: Resident Security Officers reported a beer keg being impounded 
from Warren Apartments. 
9:10 p.m.: An offICer reported a citizen's complaint against a Staff Pro. 
10:00 p.m.: A 22·year-old non-affiliate was arrested for urinating in public near 
Student Health. Cited and released. 
Saturday, May 22: 
12:15 a.m.: A non-affiliate reported the theft of a 1983 Volkswagen Cabriolet 
from La Jolla Village Dr. Loss: $6,000. 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a pager at the Price Center. Loss: 
$90. 
9:15 p.m.: A female student was transported to County Mental Health from La 

, Jolla Del Sol after making suicide threats. 
Monday, May 24: 
8:50 a.m.: Staff reported the theft of a laser printer from Cognitive Science 
Building (CSB). Loss: $1,800. 
11:50 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported the theft of a 1988 Nissan Sentra from 
Gilman Drive. Loss: $7,500. 
Tuesday,_. 
2:45 a.m.: An officer made a report conceming an assault with a deadly weapon 
and attempted robbery ot three students at North Torrey Pines Road and La Jolla . 
Shores Dr. Crime report taken by San Diego Police Department. 
6:00 p.m.: Staff reported the theft of a vacuum cleaner from Galbraith Hall. 
Loss: $100. 
lJ.:25 p.m.: A 43-year-old male non-affiliate was issued a form ordering him to 
stay off campus for seven days for masturtlating In the women 's restroom at 
CSB. 
W......."..,28: 
11:00 a.m.: A staff member reported receiving an annoying phone call at MAAC 
108. 
4:05 p.m.: A student reported the theft of handlebars from Sofis Hall. Loss: 
$30. 
4:13 p.m,: Staff reported the theft ot miscellaneous Items trom a vehicle in Lot 
301. Loss: $398. 
1hu,..." _ 27: 
9:55 a.m,: A student reported the burglary of a locked vehicle in Lot 103 . 
Damage only. 
3:49 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Trek B21 Mountain bike from MAAC 
400. Loss: $700. 

- ComplIed by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

Editorial or Commentary Page De-
sign. "Out of the Ashes," May 7. 
1992 

• Staff, Third Place, Editorial 
or Commentary Page Design, 
"America Falling to Pieces," Feb. 
1, 1993 

• Collier, Marcelo, Honorable 
Mention, Editorial or Commen-
tary Page Design, "What 's Next 
for the A.S." April 16, 1992 

• Collier, Marcelo, Pete Ko, 
Second Place, Special Section, 
"Barcelona '92," April 22, 1992 

• Roe, Kuo, First Place, Enter-
tainment Page Design, "Hallow-
een Happenings," Oct. 29, 1992 

• Buckenmeyer, Cindy Lin, 
Second Place, Entertainment Page 
Design, "Boojum," Jan. 21 , 1993 

• Buckenmeyer, Lin, Third 
Place, Entertainment Page Design, 
"Colorful Noise," Feb. 18, 1993 

• Marcelo, Collier, First Place, 
Information Graphic , "Getting 
Out," May 21, 1992 

• Bruckner, Second Place, In-
formation Graphic, "Spires of 
Faith," Jan. 25, 1993 

• Bruckner, Honorable Men-
tion, Information Graphic, "Wel-
come to Grand Central," March I , 
1993 

• Marcelo, First Place, Illustra-
tion 

• Kuo, Second Place, Illustra-
tion 

• Marcelo, Third Place, Illus-
tration 

• Roe, Honorable Mention, Il-
lustration 

!he last 

I, " . ; .. \ !I'_~"_ ,l~ 
£,. " .".' 

> • 

I', .. .. "'. . . 
£ "'-j . - :,~ •• 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

~©&u ~@I3D@W @©QD[?©@ 
6y CoCum6ia ~view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specially and all we do! 
, An independcnl program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D:s, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

, Reading and writ ing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in·class instruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

,1600 PAGES of origina l lake-home review nOles and Connula sheets, 
reading and writing slUay guides, MCA T and admissions strategy 
handouts. problem sets and timed exams wri tten by MCA T experts 

, REAL MCAT materials distributed 10 all enrolled studenls 
• DIRECT CONTACT wilh physicians and currenl medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses 

CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 

4848 

Onl~ You Can Help .. , 

Earn money for your 
blood donation! 
If you have active 

symptoms or have had 
one of the fo llowing 

diseases: 
Hepatitis Rheumatoid Factor 
Rubella Syphilis Lupus 

& others 
YOllr blood call be worth between 
$40·$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(A sllbsidiary nIHemaCare Corpora/ioll) 
(619)226-1733 

MD Labordloric:s speciaJizc:s in providing 
blood producls 10 manufactu re rs for Ihe 

production of vaccines. lest l its and 
research. Caliloday! 

'IriS 
Munich 
Vienna 
London 
Amsterdam 
~~~~~~~oo~·~~~~~~ 1 
Stud<nl slaluS may Ix r_ired. 

lur.i1/MSS.S iUNd Mr., 

Council Travel 
Open 1W:xi., Tues ., Thurs .. fri o 9-5 

Wed .• 10-5. Sat. 10-2 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 
The Most Instructionally Intensive Commercial Prep Course in the Country 

At UCLA, UCSD, UCI, UCR .. , and now Berkeley! 
~ -~ ~ 
QI 
C 
::s 

-1:: 
"' '1ii 
III 
QI 
:g 
"' o 

PROFESSIONAL 

< 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
YEAR IN REVIEW 

It doesn't seem that long ago that the 1992 presidential election was in 
full swing, the administration and the co-ops were at each other's throats 
and the Un i versi ty of California was sufferi ng underthe latest budget cuts 
from Sacramento. But that was then, and this is now. Bill CLinton is well into his first 
year as president. The co-ops and the administration are on the verge of signing an 
agreement that will save the co-ops from eviction. And the university . .. well. two out 

of three isn't bad. 
"Even the most feeble-minded 

can recognize that these people are the 
most despicable of the species and ought 

to be rounded up and sent to a cold and 
inhospitable place." 

-Ben Boychuk on jrrture accoulllants 
alld researclr assistallls, "The Cavalcade 

of Boobs," Sepl. 21.1992. 
"Rappers, like any citizens, have the right 

to say whatever is on their mind. But those 
who engage in ' hate speech' cannot claim 
some privileged right to be judged by a differ-
ent standard than anyone else." 

. -Gregor)' Stephens on rap and race 
relations, "Giving Race Relatiolls a Bad 

Rap," Oct. B. 1992. 

"The fact of the matter is, I can buy my 
beloved Snapple raspberry iced tea for 90 
cents at the General Store as opposed to 95 
cents at the accursed Sunshine Store." 

-Bell Boyclmk on Ihe merits of 
capitalism and jr-ee market clroice for the 

co-ops' lower prices, "Tire Fight for Clreap 
Snapple." OCI. B, 1992. 

"Christopher Columbus the man was a 
small fry. He was a religious kook... and he 
was a typical racist, as evidenced by his very 
own words." 

~hristoplrer Conway on lire 
misgrrided celebrations of Christopher 

Co/rrmbrrs, who has been admollished by 
millority grorrps becarrse of Iris inlrrrmane 
treatmelll toward tire American Nalives, 

"Should We Care Abolll Columblls.?" Oct. 
B, /992 . 

"The root of the problem. in short, is that 
the administration wants to maximize the 
profits it can make from students. a major 
obstacle to which are expanding student en-
terprises. " 

-{]ror",dwork Books, Oct. 15, 1992. 

"Our position is that the agreements are 
now valid ... the co-ops are invitees. It 's like 
when someone is a guest at your house, and 
they stay and stay and stay. When Ground-
work Books stopped following the PPMs, 
we no longer wanted them to stay." 

-UC General Coullsel Joallna Beam, 
Oct. 15, /992. 

'This leaves us with a Board of Regents 
composed of political hacks who have mon-
arch-like control overthe University of Cali-
fomia. Not surprisingly, given the back-
ground of the regents, they run the university 
like a corporation. This would be forgivable 
if not for the fact that they're running it like 
a lousy corporation." 

-Philip Michaels 011 tire poor 
compositioll and organizalion 0/ the UC 
Regellls, "Blame II All 011 Ihe Regents," 

Oct. 19, 1992. 

"If there ever was a year to etch voter 
outrage into that bloated, cash-vacuum con-
crete institution of a legislature, this is it. The 
insti tu tion of Congress has decayed (through 
bouncing checks and lynchings of Anita 
Hill along with the usual serving of slab 
port10ns from the pork barrel) into an unor-
ganized, public relations disaster - what a 
more opportune time to go out and vote." 

-Bell Lavine on tire declining statrls 0/ 
the congressional incrunbelll, "The Rise 

and Fall of the IIlCrlmbents ," OCI.22, 
1992. 

'The purpose of voting is not to end 
up on the winning side .. _. The sole 
purpose of voting is the responsibil-
ity of every citizen within one of the 
superficially democratic aberrations 

See QUOTES, Page 6 

Tuesday, June I, 1993 Til lay, June 1, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

CO ..... TARY: One last rotmd of volleys is aimed at the usual suspects, but escape from mall-culture is elusive 

THE PARTING THOUGHTS OF A CONDEMNED MAN 
By Ely Rabanl 
Staff Writer 

On the occasion that should have 
just preceded my graduation (a victim 
of Physics 2CL), I would have liked to 
address issues like population growth 
and the environment, globalization, 
etc., etc. Instead, the morass connected 
to this miserable little playpen has a 
way of imposing itself. 

Like others who have written for 
this rag, I'm bitter over the wasted 
years, over the marked absence of 
women from my life and over the 
dependable failure of people at this 
university and in general to bother to 
think. But here's one last stab. 

• Multiculturalism evidently leaves 
Gregory Stephens feeling "demon-
ized" that his "personal history is made 
invisible." He may feel that, but the 
point is that while it's a new experi-
ence for him, these feelings are the 
ordinary experience of many not like 
him. I don't attack Mr. Stephens for 
his race (not too different from my 
own), but I do question the adequacy 
of his proposed interracial politic. 

The goal of a multicentric com-
munity of difference and commonal-
ity is preferable to many of the alter-
natives, as he argues, butthe elision of 
historical context and what it means 
for people's identities and world-
views cannot be ignored. Nor can the 
fact that these are often in conflict-
not just the "limits of oppositional 
thinking" but persistent patterns of 
action. Getting "on with building a 
multicentric world" is neither 
warm 'n 'fuzzy nor easy. It means deal-
ing with these conflicts as well as 
respecting each other as people with 
valid experiences. Categories like 
"people of col;:,;-" that point out some 
common aspects of the experiences of 
many are part of it. 

Identity politics has serious limi-

tations, but it makes one crucial point: 
the validity of non-white, non-West-
ern, non-male experience. Could some 
feel threatened by such validity? Or 
commonality within it? If Stephens, 
upon rigorous consideration of his 
own actions and views, finds that he 
does not participate in the 
marginalization of other people or 
groups based on traditional stereo-
types, he needn't be so defensive 
toward multiculturalism. 

Darrel Menthe, in the "America, 
love it or leave it" tradition, writes of 
enslaved Africans: "Well, the first 
generation was robbed," of its cul-
tures, "but the succeeding genera-
tions have been new people. Why be 
burdened by history, chasing the 
ghosts of a mythical Africa because 
years of racism has left" some people 
feeling dispossessed. In other words, 
generational time and legalistic fic-
tions heal all wounds, so forget about 
what the past means for the present 
and future. Never mind the fact that 
the culture imposed upon these "new 
people" is adverse to their existence 
as full-fledged human beings and that 
aspects of this adversity persist to the 
present in so-called mainstream 
American culture. 

Further, we are told that to call for 
the (re)construction of cultural iden-
tities is "inventing historical fiction ." 
I wonder where Mr. Memhe thinks 
culture comes from -probably some-
where on high and out of the reach of 
the unwashed masses. While culture 
influences thought, it is participants 
that reproduce a culture. What I sup-
port is a synthesis addressing long-
standing injustices - earnest long-
term informed effort, not a "cobbled-
together pack of myths." This has 
nothing todo with historical revision-
ism, but pretending that injury is long 
past clearly does. 

H'. time to IIdmit • little 
bit 01 cynicism. I've 
spent much vitriol ... 
pIKeS .... wood fiber on 
deaIInC with cuts to 
education .... the pIIiht 
of tile university. n..e'. 
•• eamy underside. 
UCSD I. the Intellectual 
equivalent 01 • Roach 
Mote(TM - the few 
creative mI ..... that 
check In don't check out. 
They just get w.".... 

Both Menthe and Stephens think 
that all privilege is identical to eco-
nomic privilege. Economic privilege 
is clearly important, but there are 
other layers as well, and white privi-
lege is not strictly reducible to eco-
nomic privilege. They may intersect, 
but that misses the point. Evidently, 
neither can tolerate the awareness of 
the fact that others face more ob-
stacles than they do - now that's 
victimology if I've ever seen it. Life's 
tough all over, but let's not pretend 
that it's just as tough everyWhere. 
These two may have valid personal 
experience, but that hardly means 
that others don't or shouldn't assert 
the fact. 

• The A.S. Council has before it a 
strong resolution to convene a consti-
tutional convention in fall. It's about 
time. Let's hope (or rather, insist) that 
they pass it in unmangled form. 

• The University Centers ~dvi-

sory Board (UCAB) has before it a 
proposal to allocate part of the Price 
Center to create a long overdue Multi-
Cultural Center. When thePriceCen-
ter was fITSt proposed, the description 
included an Inter-Cultural Center, 
which mysteriously never material-
ized. At last Monday's UCAB meet-
ing. University Centers Director Jim 
Carruthers remarked that he regarded 
all of the Price Center as a cultural 
center. 

Unfortunately, the culture here is 
one very particular kind: mall-cul-
ture. Ick! Butlhisdoesexplainasmall 
part of the decay UCSD has under-
gone since the Price Center opened ... 
A Multi-Cultural Center is an essen-
tial step toward meeting the needs of 
many in the increasingly diverse stu-
dent population. On top of the eco-
nomics of the last few years, many 
students of color have indicated that 
they feel isolated at UCSD, and this 
has contributed to attrition rates. 

• With some abstentions, the 
UCAB voted to pay to sue Chris 
B umen for legal costs incurred to the 
university by the Burnell v. Regents 
case. Various administrators are evi-
dently taking advantage of the legal 
ignorance of the committee to legiti-
mize its persecution of a student who 
dared to stand up for some of the most 
basic student rights. The administra-
tion needs nosuchapproval (the board 
is "merely advisory") but would have 
looked draconian (as if that's any-
thing new) for persecuting a student. 
The administration's legal savvy is 
itself quite limited, and they'll get 
theirs. But these deplorable actions 
should not go uncriticized. As for the 
student "representatives" who sup-
ported this move, let them know 
whether they are representing you. 

• It's time to admit a little bit of 
cynicism. I've spent much vitriol and 

processed wood fiber on dealing with 
cuts to education and the plight of the 
university -asad state of affairs. But 
there's a seamy underside to what's 
being defended. In many ways, UCSD 
is the int~llectual equivalent of a Roach 
Motel™ - the few creative minds 
that check in don't check out. They 
just get warped. Mine did. 

• Part of this cynicism has to do 
with the hypocrisy of the University 
of California as it has changed over 
the last few years. The average family 
household income of fIrSt-year stu-
dents admitted to UCSD in Fall of 
1992 was above $70,000 compared 
with under $30,000 in 1986. Califor-
nian families in general did not see 
corresponding growth in their in-
comes. In other words. the UC is 
engaged in the upward redistribution 
o/weallh. 

• Nowthatthe AS.,GSAandco-ops 
have agreed to a Memorandum of Un-
derstanding, the administration is up to 
bat. Win it reject, sign or play divide-
and-conquer games? It's an open ques-
tion. as is whether they'll evict the co-
ops over the summer and replace them 
with administration controlled retail 0p-
erations that look. to the casual and 
ignorant observer like the co-ops. 

• J'II close with two ideograms of 
the Tao Te Ching intended for a com-
mencement speech, rejected for be-
ing "really good but too sociologi-
cal." No matter. It probably would 
have made the relatives' brains hurt. 

Much knowledge will cormpl the 
heart, 
When parrly ullderstood, 
And so the people grow too smarr, 
But neither wise nor good .... 

With brick on bricks, and tile on 
tiles, 
One builds a massive wall, 
The jOllrney of a thousand miles, 
Begins with one/oatfall . 

A.S.~ GSA AND CO-OPS EXPLAIN THEIR AGREEMENT TO WATSON 
Editor's Note: The/ollowing is a We are confident, however, that In his efforts to try to get the judi- sues ("Try to Understand the 

letter to Vi!!e Chancellor of Student you will agree that the document as is cial board to change this decision he Military's Point of View ," May 17). I 
Affairs Joseph Watson from repre- provides the best arrangement for all has resorted to accusing the judicial do, however, feel that she was a little 
sentatives of the Associated Students concerned and can serve as the basis board of not following the constitu- too hard on Johnson. 
(A.s.), Graduate Student Association for a peaceful and responsible coex- tion. He does not have one shred of In the first place, I don't feel that 
(GSA) and the co-ops. istence among all parties in the years evidence to prove this. We have ex- Johnson's writing a very enlightened 
Dear Dr. Watson: ahead. pressly followed the ASUCSD Con- commentary constitutes "whining." 

As you are aware, the document Carla Tesak, stitution and thel udicial Board Char- On the contrary, I feel the author's 
you signed earlier this month pre- A.S. President READERS' ter to reach all decisions made this opinions were put forth in the article 
sented some difficulties to all parties. Patrick Carroll, 

FOHUM 
year, and I strongly encourage any- in a clear and professional manner. I 

In an effort to arrive at an agreement GSA President one who doubts this to read any of our say this both as a queer and as some-
acceptable to all parties, we have con- Lorna Lueker, decisions and check them against the body who has won three nationalscho-
ferred and made some changes which Principal Member, 7IIe Gu8IOIan we/IXHIIIIS __ IlIK1 ~ constitution or the charter. As a stu- lastic journalism awards. Second, 
we believe will make this document a Groundwork Books trum Ib .-s. NI_ must be no IOrwter men dent, I would appreciate more efforts why, I wonder. does Brilliant feel that 
viable option for all parties involved. Margo Gordon, thtee PI(IH. 1)peI1. ~ /rid sJr«I. 1\11 on behalf of the members of the A_S. if somebody uses a PC instead of an 

_the. 10 edit for /eIWfII1lIK1 dBIfry. ~ 
/ Attached is a copy of the Memo- Principal Member, rray be dIopped 011 III ItJe GuardIan ()/III:f 110 the to accomplish something productive AKA to solve her problems, she is 

randum of Understanding, signed by Recycle Co-op _fIoorotll!e 0ItJ StuclentC«rterorWlfOytnllH. for the students rather than engage in whining? Could it be her fiance's Set!d1llr_1o: 
the Associated Students, the Gradu- Pia Guerrero, The Guan:IIan unproductive "bureaucratic shenani- career? 
ate Student Association and the co- Principal Member, 0priIln fdllof gans." In fact, it is Brilliant that "whines" 9500 GIma'! Dr. 0316 
ops for your approval. We have also Food Co-op 14.Jo111. CA920930316 Regardless, thejudicial board has that the general public stereotypes 
enclosed, for your convenience, an Josh Hall, completed its tasks, and we will not military personnel (although I would 
additional unsigned copy which indi- Principal Member, . To resolve this problem of not hear any more cases this year. Know- argue that any subculture is more 
cates in italics all of the changes that General Store Co-op having a president, Carla Tesak, now ing that justice has been served, I am stereotyped than the lesbian, gay and 
we have made. We believe that the Shannon Dertill, the vice president administrative, will retiring from my position, effective bisexual community). She div ides the 
changes we have made to the docu- Principal Member, fulfill her duties stated in the Consti- May26,1993,asjudicial board chair- military into those who actually are 
ment help clarify the terms and are Che Cafe tution, Anicle III, Section A.2(a) person so I can fully enjoy my last homophobic and those who, although 
consistent with the "Basic Principles" Sherry ExplaIns 

"Shall act as PresidentoftheASUCSD week at UCSD. I've enjoyed volun- sympathetic, must succumb to peer 
and with the draft Memorandum of in event of the absence or removal of teering my time. pressure and go along with it. The 
Understanding of January 31 . Judclal DecIsion the president from office." It is that Sally Sherry double lives these people lead must 

By providing you with this docu- simple. Unfortunately, it was not all Chair, A.S. Judicial Board be a terrible burden and I sympathize 
ment, we believe that we 'have ful- Editor: that simple due to the bureaucratic BrIlliant DId the greatly - not! fi lied our responsibilities to arrive at a As A.S. Judicial Board OIairper- delay tactics that some members of In conclusion, I would like to say 
settlement within the deadline you son, I want to clarify what has hap- the AS. employ. WhlnI.ln Letter that if Brilliant cannot fmd any self-
et. In the event that there are any pened with the Siwabessy cases. In I question that Matt Winter's in- righteous gay activist on a military 

questions or clarifications which you short, Randolph Siwabessy violated tentions are in helping students. He Editor: base, it's because they've been dis-
believe remain to be attended to, we the ASUCSD Constitution. He was cannot seem to accept the fact that . lcommendSarahBrilliantforcon- charged or beaten to death. 
do not have any objection 10 extend- not a student in good standing at Randolph Slwabessy was not an en- flfl1ling Gaye Johnson's suggestion Deborah Kirkham 
ing the deadline for finalization as UCSD, therefore he cannot be AS. rolled student and therefore cannot be that the military, as a whole, is igno- Yiannls Puroudls 
you think necessary. president. president. rant of lesbian, gay and bisexual is- Alkon Gingeras 



6 . JNlON 

Artists that listen. 
Before your "ext bair appointment tbink 
about tbese questio"s ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

\\'Z'(I( is "U/O ' h(lil' d(lill,~ 
(bol 1'(11; I/'(/II( illu 
cUllt'illlle (/oillg .' 

l\'1.wl is 1'(1//1' bail' 
cI()ill,~ lIi(/I .PJII dUll 'I 
l/'(l1I1 il 10 I)(' (/oillg .' 

,nil/lei "1111 li/..>{' SIIIIIC-
(bill,~ ';t'II' (///(I dllli'n'lI( ? 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts WomensCuts 

$4 $5 
OFF OFF 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

SI'UD.NI' SP.C'Jl&S 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

• Bank cards accepted 

• Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 

• All sizes available 

• Reserve early & avoid 
LAST DAY RUSHI 

• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p,m., 
7 days a week ' 

• CLOSE TO UCSD 

~ WE SHIP ~ ~ MRYTHING ~ ~BUT NT.~ 
en ~ ~ 

tt: ~ o 0 
We'll Ship it all to and from school. We'll pack it. 

crate it, carton it, and ship it anywhere in the world. 

CENTERS OF AMERICA 

8895 Towne Centre Dr., Suite 105 
. ill tile ReIIIIi • .."ce ToWII entre, lA Joll" 
Phone 467·1655 Fax 467-8686 

A ' _ 
CIr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

QUOTES: 
Some sound bites 
from the past year 
ContInued 110m .... 4 
of the political machine." 

-Paul PhilUps on the attractive-
neSJ of third parries, "Looking for 

Alternatives," Oct.26,l992. 

"There's a simple reason why each 
candidate wants to be known as the 
'agent of change' - no one's dumb 
enough to take credit for the status 
quo." 

-Philip MichMls on the theme 0{ 
change in the 1992 elections, 

"Taking a Second Look at Those 
Otho Guys," Oct. 26, 1992. 

"Young people are idealistic, heady 
and, above all, gu1\ible.In short they are 
democracy personified." 

-Ben BoyclwJc on the political 
ignorance of the M1V generalion on 
the 1992 elections, "Don', Rock the 

Vote," Oct. 29, 1992. 

"Ever since he threw his hat in the 
ring in 1987,George Bush has admitted 
to having problems with what he calls 
'the vision thing.' This ~andicap was 
blindingly obvious during the last two 
years of his tenn." 

-Roderick Lee on why conserva-
tives deserted BlISh, "Why Bush 

Deserved to Lose," Nov. 5,1992. 

"lFCtpanhellenic councils have a 
lot of nerve to say that they should have 
a stake in campus government when 
they already dictate social statu~inmany 
cases, and especially since A.S. is (sup-
posedly) a 'fair' representation of all 
students on campus." 

-Gaye Johnson on why 1FCI 
Panhellenic councils should not be 

allowed to have a member on the AS. 
council, "Too Much Representation, 

Not Enough Sensitivity," Nov. 5, 
1992. 

"So when people start talking about 
budget priorities in Washington one is 
instandy transported to the surreal. 
There is absolutely no one in Washing-
ton who knows what really goes into 
the federal budget." 

-Mati Robinson on park barrel 
politics, "Time for Congress to Stop 

Dishing Out the Pork," Nov. 9,1992. 

""ve come to feel that there'shard1y 
a dime's, worth of difference between 
the anitude of liberals and conserva-
tives. They boIhoften act as if they have 
a franchise on the 'truth. '" 

-Gregory Stephens on Clinton's 
job to improve race relations, "'A 

Place Called Hope' for 'The 
American People,'" Nov. 12, 1992. 

"Make no mistake, Mr. Bush's de· 
feat last week was, in the end, a good 
thing, The man was a dreadful, clumsy 
politician, an unprincipled waffler, a 
kowtowing, do-nothing executive who 
was seemingly more interested in so-
cial conditions in Moscow, Russia than 
in Moscow, Idaho." 

-Ben Boychuk on George Bush's 
electoral defeat, "And a Cad Sholl 

Lead Them," Nov. 12, 1992. 

"What America experienced during 
the fust few years of the 1990s was a 
hangover from negligent and irrespon-
sible government inaction:" 

-Ben Lavine 0/1 economic issues 
and the presidentiol election, ,"The 

Social Agenda Pays the Price in U.s. 
Politics," Nov. 16, 1992. 

"I am not surprised at the number of 
people who ate the fad right up like nice 
consumers we've been brought up to 
be. The minds of many of these people 
have been beaten into a blind submis-
sion by accepting things as they are 
taught in high school; this means the 
absence of subjects 011 important eth-
nic historical figures." 

~aye Johnson on the commer-
cialization of Malcolm X, part of the 
"X Marks the Spo," pieces, Nov. 21, 

1992, 

"I am tired of being an oreo .... I am 
tired of society's absurd but persistent 
attempt to convince me that there are 
two distinctly different aspects of my 
being when I know damn well that there 
are at least a billion." 

-Damen Scranton on lhe 
ignorant distinctions 11IJJde on people 

who are multi-racial, part of the "X 
Marks the Spot" pieces, Nov. 21, 

1992. 

"The sad truth is that ihe University 
of California is a second-rate school 
with a third-rate student body and a 
fourth-rate cun'i.;ulum." 

-Ben Boychuk on the structural 
decline of the UC system, "The Big 

Shom," Jan . 4, 1993. 

'The student is not very important 
The bureaucrat acts helpful only to save 
his job but does not exhibit the kind of 
respect and aid one needs when dealing 
with the chaos that is UCSD." 

-Matt Robinson on the inferior 
status of students at UCSD, "The Art 

of Administration," Jan. 4, 1993. 
"White men bear a major responsi-

bility for racial problems in this coun-
try, But I also understand that white 
men alone cannot bear the entire bur-
den for the persistence of hatred' and 
violence ... " 

-Gregory Stephens on the 
unnecessary burdens white people 

face in their historical treatment of 
mirwrities, "Trying to Grow Beyond 

'White Male Bashing,'" Jan. 7, 1993, 

'There's a dangerous trend in our 
society toward instant gratification and 
quick·fix solutions. We want results, 
and we wantthem rww, damnit. I should 
know - I'm pan of the MTV genera-
tion, that diverse grouping of callow 
cynics that demands five-second an-
swers to five-hour problems." 

-Philip Michaels on the 
insurmountable demands Bill Climon 
faces by the American public, "King 

of the Hill," Jan. 19, 1993. 

"Religion seems to represent the 
bottom line when it comes toa person's 
being, and disagreeing with a person's 
religious belief is like driving into a 
brick wall." 

--Damen Scranton on the merits 
of alheism, "Confessions of an 

Atheist," Jan. 21, 1993. 

"World politics requires both moral 
and military resolution. The Cold War 
was the end of the ideological war be-
tween freedom and communism. But 
that does not mean that those weapons 
of war are gone." 

-Malt Robinson on why the 
United States needs to milintain its 

role as world policeman 'both through 
moral and military resolutions, "A 

Global Balancing Act," Jan. 25, 
1993. 

. 'The fact that intellectual elites. such 
as those at UCSD,.preach the idea that 
traditional families are not necessary is 
frightening given the disruptive situa-
tion in the intercity community." 

-Miguel Buc/cenmeyer on 
America:s moral decline, "America 

Fa11ing to Pieces," Feb. 1, 1993. 

'The rhetoric on the WRC's board. 
which is similar to much of the debate 
around the nation, is almost solely bued 
on decrying and discussing evils. We 
are lead to believe that the Uniced States 
is I thoroughly racist society. But !he 
fact that white privilege exists does not 
mean that we are racist." 

-Malt Robinson on the dissOlu· 
tion of the Women's RtsOIU'Ce Center, 
"The Dissolution of Debate," Feb. 4, 

1993, 

Tueaday, June I, 1993 

"'The very thing that is crushed re-
peatedlyon this campus - unity - is 
the only thing that will get us what we 
want. And as some organizations have 
realized this, they have begun to imple-
ment this collective ideology," 

-Gaye Johnson on the need for a 
student coalition to counter the 

administration, "Finding a Common 
Ground," Feb. 4, 1993. 

''Thurgood Marshall was the voice, 
for 60 years, for African· Americans 
who still must endure the legacy of 
slavery and segregation. But he spoke 
for all Americans, for the rights of 
women, poor people, children, aliens, 
gays and lesbians and even the despised 
among us - accused criminals." 

-Professor Peter irons, 
"Marshal1 Col1ege - An Idea Whose 

Time Has Come," Feb. 4, 1993. 

"When students attempt to utilize 
the proper channels within the system 
to resolve issues, the message is clear 
from the administration; namely, disre-
spect for the legal process and an un-
caMY and belligerent use of authority." 

-Chris Burnett on Joseph 
Watson's "disestablishment" a/the 

University Center Board, "The 
Vanishing?" Feb, 8, /993. 

''The UCB, which until last year 
held a pristine reputation both with 
students and the administration, virtu-
ally banished itself into obscurity 
through repeated and often intentional 
run-ins with campus administrators." 

-Mark Rotenberg on how the 
UCB abllSed its standing, "The 

DemiSI! of the UCB Was a Long Time 
Coming," Feb. 8, 1993. 

''The legalization of drugs will not 
necessarily result in a reduction of de-
mand but will lead to an enonnous 
decrease in the overall social costs. 
Revenue that is lost in the war, through 
lost income on potential excise taxes on 
drugs and in enforcement of drug laws, 
can be concentrated into more efficient 
means." 

-Ben Lavine on the legalization 
of drug use, "Finding a New Strategy 
in thl! War on Drugs," Feb. 11,1993. 

"The army has ajob to do. Itcan'tbe 
everything foreverybcxfy .It has to serve 
society as a whole. and it is therefore 
inevitable that some categories of citi-
zens are going to be discriminated 
against." 

-Greg Heckman on why gays 
should not be allowed into the 

military, "The Military Knows What 
It's Doing When It Comes to 
Recruitment," Feb. 16,1993. 

"Opponents of allowing gays in our 
military claim it will demoralize our 
troops. The fact of the matter is thai 
unless a member of the military is un-
conscious, he or she is well aware that 
there are millions of lesbians and gay 
men currendy serving their country in 
the armed forces and there always will 
be." 

-Paul Harris on why the military 
should imegrate homosexuals. 

"Those Who Oppose Lifting The 
Military's Ban on Gays and Lesbians 
Base Their Arguments on Ignorance 

andFear," Feb. 16, 1993. 

"First and foremost, the swarms of 
non-Greeks who hate the system and 
everytbina . about it with the fervent 
passiOll of the truly self-righteous need 
to relax. An article that casts even a 
slighdy positive light 011 the Greeks is 
insIandy met with a bamge of ex-
tremely vocal opposition from this 
group. All Greeks are elitist, conceited. 
rich, dumb, racist, drunken snobs, aren't 
they?" 

-Paw Phil1ips on the ignorance 
of anti-Greek rhetoric 0/1 campus, 

"Beware qGreek Myths," Feb,22, 
1993. 

See QUOTES, Page 10 

1'1 Jllay , Jlme 1,1993 

CO-OPS: 
Watson refuses to 
sign latest agreement 
Continued from page 1 
whole issue could have been re-
solved. but the velY fact thm they' re 
not willing to reconsider shows that 
they're not reasonable." 

Prior to Watson's reaction , 
Groundwork Books co-op member 
Steve Dubb said the differences 
between versions are minor enough 
that the administration should sign. 

Following Wat on 's decision , 
Dubb said. ·'Itcertainly appears that 
the administration is acting out of 
spite." 

A.S. Vice President Finance 
Neena Malik said the decision took 
her by surprise. "We has such a 
positive response from all the groups 
of students," she added. 

Tesak said Friday that because 
negotiations have been going on for 
nearly two years, the administration 
was likely to either accept the re-
vised memorandum immediately or 
begin the 6O-day eviction process. 
Watson chose the latter. 

Despite the failure to stop the 
eviction process, student leaders 
agreed Friday that the negotiations 
between the co-ops. GSA and A.S. 
were more successful than previous 
negotiations between the groups. 

According to Tesak. the meet-
ings were so successful because the 
AS. decided to step out of its role as 
mediator and become more student-
oriented. 

"We decided to stray from me-
diator to more of a student union 
while keeping the administration 's 

OATH: Faculty, 
students take issue 
with mandatory pledge 
Continued from page 1 

Marine Biology Research Pro-
fessor Walter Heiligenburg pointed 
out tbat while the oath asks employ-
ees 10 "supportand defend" theCali-
fomia Constitution, most people 
have never read the document they 
are being asked to uphold, 

"I've never read the [California] 
Constitution." he said. "} find it dis-
turbing that people are asked to [de-
fend] a document that they don ' t 
know [anything about]." 

position in mind," Tesak said. 
AS. Commissionerof Academic 

Affairs John Sames said the A.S, 
also seemed more willing to negoti-
ate during recent meetings. "f think 
the questions we were considering 
were being presented in a lot more 
of a compromi e-oriented way," he 
said. 

Many student leaders also said 
the negotiations proceeded well be-
cause of aspirit of cooperation. GSA 
President Patrick Carroll said, "The 
past week, the new AS. Council 
demonstrated for the first time that 
students at UCSD can work to-
gether." 

"I think the main difference was 
that the A.S. was getting [otherpoints 
of view] ," Dubb said. "The co-ops 
finally got angry enough to read 
them the riot act." 

Students on all sides of the issue 
said they believed they had com pro-
mised in some way, though the final 
document was acceptable. "All par-
ties feel they compromised. There 
are always better documents [for 
each group]," Dubb said, 

Former GSA representative to 
the AS. Paul Eykamp said better 
documents could have been drawn 
up, but considering the difficulties 
presented by the negotiations, the 
memorandum was acceptable. 

Co-op members had been par-
ticularly concerned with a phrase in 
the memorandum that did not guar-
antee five-year lease renewals, as 
well as several other details of the 
document. 

In the revised version, the A.S. 
conceded the five-year renewal op-
tion. The co-ops also felt that they 
compromised in several substantial 

Last fall , Belmonte brought the 
matter to the attention of the Gradu-
ate Student Association (GSA). 
According to Belmonte, the GSA 
passed a resolution to make copies 
of the California Constitution avail-
able to prospective graduate stu-
dents and inform them of the conse-
quences of not signing the oath. 

Philosophy graduate student 
Aare Laak so agreed with 
Belmonte's statement. "It seems like 
an unfair piece of information to 
withhold from the potential gradu-
ate students." Laakso said, adding 
that the oath is probably left over 
from the McCarthy era. Laakso has 
written legislators to try to have the 

Dr. S.'.y O.D. 
• • visioncare 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 (behind Carl's Jr.) 

578-6796 
- --T------i------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS ' I 
SPECIAL : Oall, WSSgOlllPlete : COMBO SET : 

INCLUDES I OC Science I $35.00 OFF I 
, Eye exam EIt.llIItI ... CaItpIet. I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
• Fashion frames I I combo. Choose from I 
• Precision ground B & L 04 I elect' f 

lenses S.V. I DlspOllbln I a arge s ,on 0 I 
I I $139 ~;.~ & I frames and lenses I 
I $99°° I ~;7.~;~~~od I $3500 I 
I COMPLETE I ~~c==~=n I OFF I L ______ l ______ ~ ______ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

ways, as well. 
Dubb said one of the major com-

promises involved the keeping of an 
"automatic termination" clause 
which states the co-ops' leases will 
be terminated if certain financial 
rules are violated, 

In addition, the co-ops conceded 
on the issue of a cholarship fund, 
Dubb said. The new agreement 
specifies that $10,000 jn co-op as-
sets will.be set aside for a scholar-
ship fund if a co-op chooses to leave 
campus. 

Jil/}lIJy BU!let 
Night 

The GSA also compromised on 
several pointsofcontention.accord-
ing to Carroll. The GSA would not 
sign the previous memorandum pri-
marily because of a phrase saying 
the A.S. could pull out of the agree-
ment at any time if certain co-op 
responsibilities were overlooked. 

The GSA had argued for the 
power to override an AS. decision 
to withdraw. However, the AS. did 
not want the GSA to have power to 
veto decisions on A.S. assets. 

J~:'AY 
laleNigbl 

HAP/TUOUR 
$1 ~' B"IS IIlIetJz,1S 
1t38 •• " CIt,. 

~4~~ The dilemma was resol ved in the new document by giving the GSA power to bring the suit to an outside 
arbiter in the case of a two-thirds 
GSA vote. 1536 Fay Ave. 456-BREW 

"The GSA was afraid of a bi-
ased, racist A.S. ten years from now 
that would ignore [criteria in the 
agreementl," Tesak said, but the 
new agreement protects against 
changes in A.S. and GSA member-
ship. 

"[The agreement] specifies an 
arbitration procedure in case of di-
rect conflict in interpretation," 
Carroll said. "We never wanted to 
veto the A.S., but now we have a 
gOod understanding." 

oath eliminated entirely. 
Laakso said he felt he had no 

choice when he personally signed 
the oath. 

RO B E R T s 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27~j-1132 
"In the Fall of 1991 [when r 

entered graduate school], I wasn't 
told that r would have to sign a 
loyalty oath .... [had to make a deci-
sion. Ultimately, I decided to come 
[to UCSD] because it was my only 
option," he said. 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm We use ard recommend Kendall ~ 

luorlcams to our customers. 

Belmonte said there is an irony 
in the loyalty oath: "People who are 
willing to sublimate their sense of 
honor aren't going to be excluded. 
People who [do have some sense of 
honor] are. What kind of people 
does the university want to attract?" 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs * with this coupon 

*Exccpt motor and transmission o\'crhnul . 
Not ,·.lid with ony other coupon. 

~UCSD 
ALtATRAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
••• to lo~k Up your stull with us! 

J\l!lst Ilrcllenl tid for 
.'iscollnl .",llruck use 

We'll take care of all your storage and-moving needs ... 
-FREE use of moving truck 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
-EASY to use, EASY to move 
tAU TO RESERVE A STORAGE SPAtE NOW: 

l'L(~lfl'RilZ SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate MaU, La Jolla, CA 92121 

.1 
5201' 

: t·805 

Lt52-)C)Lt7 Genessee 
.c. 1·5 ;11 UCSD. 

'" a: 

~ 
,I: 
2 

!! 



8 CALENDAR 

Tuesday through Friday 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday -3 p.m.) - The OASIS 

~"e Prver- provides assistance to students 
whose native language Is not English and to those 
doing worj< In Japanese, German, Spanish, French and 
Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on written English Is 
available on reQuest. Call 534-2284 for Info. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Cen .... is 
a free service for all UCSD students. We offer one to 
one writing conferences for any type of writing project 
- academic papers, personal statements, even 
stories and poems. Our staff of trained 
undergradUates, who comefrom a variety of academic 
disciplines, can help you become a more effective 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or drop 
by our office in the old Student Center, Building A, 
Room 214. (weekly) 

~fRV[f~ & WOHH~HOP~ 
Tuesday-Friday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer-based pro. 
cram of career information designed to help you clarify 
your skills. values and interest. For more Information. 
come to the Career Services Center. $10. (weekly) 
• 1 :30-4 p.m. - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS -
For help with career goals. job hunting, resume 
preparation or exploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment needed, just 
walk in to the Career Services Center. (weekly) 
• MENTOR - Graduating this quarter and job-
seeking? We'll match you with a professional in your 
field who will get you started networking in the local 
job market. Sign up at Career Services. (weekly) 

Tuesday, June 1 
• 11 :30 a.m. - Job Search 101 - 80% of all job 
vacancies are unadvertised. This workshop will teach 
you the most effective way to find them. Career 
Services. No fee. 

Thursday, June 3 
. 10:30 a.m. - Marketable Resume - Learn how 
to make a positive impression with your resume. 
Career Services. No fee. 
.3 p.m. -How to Choose a Medical School-
This session will go over criteria for you to consider in 
making your choices. Career Services. No fee. 

Friday, June 4 
• 12 p.m. - Application Basics - An advisor will 
discuss critical aspects of the application process. 
Career Services. No fee. 

Tuesday-Friday 
. 9 a.m.-5 p.m. - Women's Resource Center Peer 
Counseling- Feel like noone understands? Women 
counselors trained by Psych. Services available to 
help with crises or give support and referrals for your 
needs. Confidential, safe space. Walk in or by ap-
pointment. Located in the old Student Center Bldg. A. 
534-2023. (weekly) 

Tuesday, June 1 
. 10 a.m.-1 2 p.m. - Undergraduate GroW1h Group 
- Open for women. Leaders: Li ndsay Cafderon and 
Beverly McCreary. 1003 GH. Call Lindsay at 534-
3755. 
. 2-3 p_m. -Lesblan/gay/blsexual peer counseling 
with Steve. Do you have a question about your 
sexuality? Do you need an understanding person to 
talk to? Drop in & let's talk. Located in the peer 
counseling office (near Mac's Place & library Lounge 
in Price Cntr.) Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 

Wednesday. June 2 
• 2-3 p.m. - Lesblan/Gay/Blsexual Peer 
Counseling with David. Do you have questions about 
your sexuality? Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Our office is located in the Price Center next 
to Mac's Place & Library Lounge. Call 534-3987 for 
details. (weekly) 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Chicano, Latino, Multicultural 
Group - Revelle College Provo Bldg. , Leader : Dan 
Munoz. No fee. (weekly) 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - Lesbian & Bisexual Women's 
Support Group - A confidential drop-in group with 
a supportive environment to discuss issues of 
sexuality. Led by Chell. Student Center Bldg. B lower 
level conI. room. Call 534-3967 for details. No fee. 

(wcc.~ly) 
. 6:30-8 p.m.- Gay and Bisexuat Men 's Support 
Group - We 're a safe and confidential group for 
people to discuss their concerns about their 
sexuality led by David and Steve. Student Center 
B, lower level conI. room. Call 534-3987 for details. 
No fee. (weekly) 

Thursday. June 3 
• 1-2 p.m. - Lesbian Gay Bisexual Peer 
Counseling with Chell. Do you have questions about 
your sexuality? Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Call 534-3987 to sel up an appoinlment. 
(weekly) 
• 5:30-7 p.m. - Common Ground - A support 
group for friends and families of lesbians, gays and 
bisaxuals. Lower level conference room., Student 
Center Eltdg . !'I 

Friday, June 4 
• 11 -11 :50 a.m. - Mind-Body Connections -

~eader: Beverly Harju. 412 MAAC. No lee. 
• 11 :30 a.m.-I p.m. - Support Groupfor Graduate 
Women - Leaders: Beverly McCreary and Jane 
Parr. 1003 GH, no fee. 
• 12:30-2 p.m . - Pan-Asian Community 
Forum - Mountain View Lounge. Leaders: 
Jeanne Manese and Alvin Alvarez . Drop-In. No 
fee . (weekly) 
• 1-2:30 p.m. - Overcoming Compulsive 
Eating - Call for sign-up. HSS 2148. No fee. 
534-3585. 
. 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse Group 
- Revelle College Provo Bldg., no fee. 
. 4-6 p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Mountain 
View Lounge. Leader: Phil Raphael. No fee . 
(weekly) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Illustration by Roger Kuo 

HfAlIH & fn~SS 
Tuesday-Friday 

.9 a.m.-12 p.m. - Wondering why you are out of 
breath walking from PH to USB? Feeling a little stiff 
and sore these days? Check your cardiovascular 
fitness, muscular strength and endurance, and 
flexibility all for FREE in FITSTOP. Come by secogd 
floor Student Health to make an appointment. (weekly) 

Tuasday-Thursday 
• (Tues.; 10 a_m. & 1 p.m., Wed. ; 10 a.m. & 1 p.m., 
Thurs.)-Thinking about "the pill"? Wondering if you 
have a STD? Want to know more about your body? 
This is you last chance toget answerS to your questions 
at a Women's Sexual Health Info Session. 2nd 
floor, Student Health Center. 

Wednesday-Friday 
• (2-4p.m .. Wed.: 1-3p.m .. Thurs.: 2-4 p .m. Fri.)-
Do you know your total blood cholesterol level? 
Come lind out at Student Health. $5. (weekly) 

[lU~~ ~ Mffll~~£ 
Tuesday, June 1 

• 12 p.m. - AA Meeting - New location : Muir 
Biology Building, room 1208. (weeklYJ 
. 3-4 p.m.-Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA)-12-
step group meeting. Purpose of group is to welcome and 
give oomfort to children of alcoholics. Free, anonymous and 
confidential. Price Center Admin. 2nd iIoor above Food 
CourtlrvineRocm. Everyonewelcome. 753-21 06. (weeIdy) 
• 5 p.m. - Biweekly meeting of CCM panel of Post 
Doc Grad students at MTF 275. Chicanos/Latinos for 
creative medicine. (weekly) 
Wednesday, June 2 
• 1-3 p.m. - Faculty, Student, Staff Interaction 
meets for lunch to informally discuss on topics of 
today. All students and faculty are welcome to jOin. 
For more info: Chris 558-21 03. (weekly) 
.3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter AdviSOry Board 
needs people like you. Weekly meetings are at the 
Revelle Provost's office.(weekly) 
.4-6 p.m. - StudentAfftrmatlveActlon Committee 
Meeting. Santa Barbara/Los Angeles room. Price 
Center. All welcome. (week/y) 
• 4 p.m. - Third College Transfer+Re-Entry 
Students (TRES) Meeting - Discuss problems, 
solutions, questions and answers about being a 
transfer or re-entry student. (weekly) 
• 5 p.m. - Woutd you like to make new friend. 
while performing service for your schoot and 
community? Come join us and find out about Alpha 
Phi Omega, UCSD's only cooed National Service 
Fraternity. WLH 2114. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - Wlldeme .. Club - Interested in 
hiking, mountain biking and other outdoor actlvities? 
Join us on the second floor patio of the student center, 
above KSDT. (weekly) 

• 7 p.m. - ASAP - Get involved with Active 
Students for AIDS Prevention. Political activism, 
volunteerlsm. Help prevent the spread of AIDS! Price 
Center. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Germinal - Meets to see and discuss 
current videos and audio tapes on social and political 
issues, documentaries and lilms, some of which are 
rarely seen anywhere because of media censorship. 
CM Cafe. (weekly) 

Thursday, June 3 
.5 p.m. - Warren Commuters In Action - Get to 
know what's going on at your college. Meetings in the 
Warren shuttle stop. (weekly) 

Friday, June 4 
• 7:30-10 a.m. - Come to the Revelle Commuter 
Breakfast at the Revelle Commuter Lounge. All you 
can eat for half a buck. (weekly) 
• 8-10 a.m. - Warren Commuter Breakfast. Meet 
fellow students and fill up before class. Lit. Bldg. 2nd 
floor conference room. All you can eatl Only 50e. 
(weekly) 
• to:30 a.m. - Join Third College Commuter 
Board and help plan events. Meetings at Third College 
Dean's conference room. (weekly) 
• 12-1 p.m. - AA Meeting - Muir Biology Bldg. 
Room 1208. (weekly) 
• 2:30 p.m. - Native Amerfcan Student Alliance 
(NASA) meets weekly on Fridays at the Grove. Come 
and get involved! (weeklj) 

fV f~l~ & Hf[RfAII~~ 
Tuesday-Sunday 

• Original Drawings and other memorabilia from the 
"Dr. Sausa Collection" recently donated to UCSD 
will go on public display at the Central Library though 
August 1993. The collection will be available for 
viewing during regular library hours. 

Tuesday-Saturday 
. 10 a.m_ -5 p.m. -Grove Gallery presents "Verdict 
L.A. - Recent Sarigraphs from Self Help Graphics· 
- Prints which address issues surrounding theevents 
following last year's Rodney King verdict, and reflect 
life In the City of the Angels as seen through the eyes 
of the artists. Open through June 13 (Saturday 10 
a.m.-2 p.m.) . 

Tuesday-Thursday 
• 9 p.m.-2 a.m. - Late night coffee house. 'Cafe 
Diana at the Che." Good music, variety of yummy 
baked goods. Specialty coffees and teas. Open 
microphone ... (weekly) 

, Tuesday-Sunday 
• 12-5 p.m. - Mandeville Gallery Present. 
Selected Works of Conrad Atkinson -
Acknowledged as one of Britain 's most important 
art isls, Conrad Atkinson has Incorporated his 
concerns about popular culture and the politics of 
the day Into the art he has created for the past 20 
years. Works on display In Mandeville Gallery 
through June 13. 

Tuesday, June I, 1993 

Wednflsday, June 2 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the Hump -Come out and 
eat lunch with LGBA. Bring your own food. (weekly) 
.5-6:30 p.m_- Cognitive Science Undergraduate 
Research Conference - Yearly presentation of 
undergraduate research projects, 190-199. CSB004. 

Thursday, Juna 3 
.6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday night supper for 
$2. Sponsored by the UCSD Catholic Community. 
Come to the University Lutheran Church. (weekly) 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry NIght lit CIde DIana at the Che Gale . 
Bring your own poetry, isten to others or do both. (WSEIIkM 

Friday, June 4 
.8a.m.- l0 a.m.- The Warren Collage Commuter 
Breakfast has moved to Fridays! Join us and pig out 
before class. Literature Building, 2nd ftoor conference 
room. All you can aat, only SOc. (weekly) 
.4-6 p.m.-Cognitive Science Spring Celebration 
- Everyone is welcomed to help the Cognitive 
Science students and staff celebrate the year's end. 
CSB quad (inside building). 

Saturday, June 5 
.6 p.m. - Opening NIght Gala MaItdng CofT1IIeIIOn of 
UCSD Medical CentIlr's Thomton HospItal-Shiley 
Jones saIected to headine entertainment to caIebraIe the 
0Clr'J1lIeti0n 01 the JoIYi M. and Sally B. Thornton Hospital 
and the Edith and W~iam M. Perlman Ambula1O!y Care 
CenterattheUCSDMedicalCenter-LaJoiIa.. Theeventwitl 
indudeoock1ail. tours, cimerand dancing. TlCketsare$ISO. 
Reservarons may be made by caling 543-6499. 

Sunday, June 6 
• 12-2 p.m. - Radio Callfas - Weekly program for 
Raza. Interviews and muslca picosal (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - Two free tours of the UCSD campus are 
offered this spring by the UCSD Visitors Program. The 
bus tours are the first and third Sundays of each month 
from the Gilman Information Pavilion. The walking tours 
are on alternate Sundays from the Gilman Information 
Pavilion. Reservations: call 534-4414. (weekly) 

RfllGI~~S ~fRV[f~ 
Wednesday, June 2 

.6 p.m. - Supper is served to the townspeople by 
students. Everyone welcome. At the University 
Lutheran Church (across from Revelle College). 
• 7 p.m. - "The Gospel of John" - Bible study 
topic led by Campus Pastor John Huber. Open 10 all . 
University Lutheran Church. 
.8 p.m. - "The Lord's Prayer as a Paradigm for a 
Christian Lifestyle" - Presented by Campus Pastor 
John Huber.AlI areweioome. University Lutheran Church. 

Friday, June 4 
• 12 p.m. - Islamic Friday Prayer in the Price 
Center. For info. call Yusuf at 450-4681 . (weekly) 

Sunday. June 6 
.10:15 a.m. - Traditionat Communion Service. 
Based on the Old Lutheran hymnal. Open to all . 
University Lutheran Church. 
• 5 p.m. - The Catholic Student Community at 
UCSD will have the end of the year Mass at Revelle 
Sculpture Garden. 

Tuasday, June 1 
.5 p.m. - Job BulletlnlCalendar Announcements 
.5:30p.m.-SCOLAlntematlonatNews-Original 
language programs from Mexico. 
• 6-8 p.m. -Boolum - La Jolla Symphony & 
Chorus and UCSD Music Department. 
.8-10 p.m. - Boojum - La Jolla Symphony & 
Chorus and UCSD Music Department. 
.10 p.m. - SCOLA International News- Original 
language programs from Mexico. Followed by Job 
Bulletin/Calendar AnnouncementS(1 0:30) . 

Wednesday. June 2 
.5 p.m.-Job BulietiniCalendar Announcements 
• 5:30 p.m. - SCOLA International News -
Original language programs from Korea. 
.6p.m.- Sexuality, Images ofthe Body &Cancer 
Among Latinas, with Dr. Leo Chavez. 
• 7 p.m. - CUNY Spotlight - Jane Alexander, 
Rosemary Harris. 
• 8 p.m. - Sexuality, Images of the Body & 
Cancer Among Latlnas, with Dr. Leo Chavez . 
• 9 p.m. - CUNY Spotlight - Jane Alexander, 
Rosemary Harris. 
. 10 p.m.- SCOLA tnternational News- Original 
language programs from Korea. Followed by Job 
Bulletin/Calendar Announcements (10:30). 

Thursday, June 3 
. 5 p.m.-Job BulletlnlCalendar Announcements 
• 5:30 p.m. - SCOLA tnternatlonal News -
Original language programs from Vietnam. 
. 6p.m.-HeaIlhNet-SmokingCessation:Conmmity 
Interventbn for Latinos, with Dr. 8isea Perez-Stable. 
. 7 p.m.-Health Net - A Model forHea/th Promotion In 
Ethnic Minority Families. with Or. K. Sanders Phillips. 
. 8 p.m.-Health Net-Smoking Cessation: Community 
Intervention for Latinos, with Dr. 8isea Perez-Stable. 
. 9 p.m. - Health Net-Smoking Cessation: Community 
Intervention for Latinos, with Dr. 8isea Perez-Stable. 
.5 p_m. - SCOLA International News - Original 
language programs from Vietnam. Followed by Job 
Bulletin/Calendar Announcements (10:30). 

Friday. June 4 
.5 p.m. - Job BulletlnlCalendar Announcementa 
• 5:30 p.m. - SCOLA International News -
Original language programs from China. 
.6 p.m. - Rain Shadow.: Water Conservation In 
California - Santa Monica City TV. 
.6:30 p.m. - An Open Wlndow- Can I Drink the 
Water? 
.7 p.m. - An Open Window - A Fresh Solution 
• 8 p. m. - Rain Shadows: Water Conservation In 
california - Santa Monica City TV. 
.8:30 p.m. - An Open Window - Can I Drink the 
Water? 
• 9 p. m. - An Open Window - A Fresh Solution 
.10 p.m. - SCOLA Internatlonaf News - Original 
language programs Irom China. Followed by Job 
Bulletin/Calendar Announcements (10:30). 

Saturday. June 5 
• 5-7 p.m. - Saturday Night at the Movie. -
Grand Illusion, by Jean Renoir/Behind the Screen 
Charlie Chaplin. (Repeats 7 p.m. and 9 p.m.) 

Sunday. June 6 
E-10p.m.-Encont:seIectionof1hepastweek'shighights. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

TUESDAY. JUNE 1, 1993. PAGE 51 

Common Types of 
Sexual Faltasies: 
ExperIIII8IItat:IoG-These types 
of fantasies involve experiences that 
the v isualizer has never tried, such 
as starring in a pomo movie or 
having sex in a public place. The 
visualizer is excited by the forbid-
den nature of the fantasy but may 
not necessarily wish to pursue its 
realization, especially if the fantasy 
involves sex with animals, incest or 
being a prostitute. 

, 

Conquest- Power is the main 
element in this type of fantasy, 
since the ability to control or 
command a sexual situation is a 
turn-on to the visualizer. Common 
images often include slave-master 
relationships or positions of 
authority such as schoolmaster. By 
contrast, these fantasies can also 
include the idea of being conquered 
by someone. The victim might be 
forced to be humiliated or wear 
unusual items of clothing. 

Swttclllng Partners-- The 
fantasizer imagines having sex with 
someone other than a current 
partner. It could be anyone from a 
neighbor to a salesclerk to a 
relative. This is one of the most 
common -Fonns of sexual fantasy, 
and it is not unusual for both people 
in a relationship to have this vision 
while having sex. A sub-category of 
the "switching partners" fantasy is 

See TYPES, Page S3 

MENTAL 
MASTURBATION 
'Even normal students 
can have wild and 
kinky sexual fantasies 
By Nicole Saint John 
Guardian Reponer 

, 
OU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE 
great? To screw in a 
space shuttle. Can you 
imagine Ihe kinds of 
things people could do?" 
says E'van, a Revelle first-
year student. 

When it comes to 
sexual fantasies, not even 
lhe sky is the limit. 
Fantasies differ greatly 
from person to person, 
and having what you 

might consider an "abnonnal" fantasy is, in fact, 
quite nonnal. Researchers say many people are 
reluctant to share their fantasies for fear of being 
labeled a pervert. But fantasy in almost all fonns is 
a nonnal, healthy part of a person 's sexuality, and 
students in the '90s do not lack in creativity. 

"Everyone has sexual fantasies," says Dr. Philip 
Raphael, a counseling psychologist at UCSD. Only 
in rare and specific cases can these fantasies be 
considered unhealthy. Raphael says that it is only 
when thoughts or behavior become obsessive that a 
fantasy can be considered detrimental to emotional 
health. 

According to Raphael, it is nOI for us 10 
detennine what is kinky. There are no objective 
means of deciding what is nonnal or deviant. The 
only lines a psychologist can draw are at the points 
where someone gets hurt. "What do you think a 
chain would feel like?" asks Raphael. 

Famed sex researchers William H. Masters and 
Virginia E. Johnson write in their book Sex and 
HI/man Loving, "Sexual fantasies ... provide a safe, 
protected environment for engaging the imagination 
and letting our sexual feelings roam. A mild-man-
nered, genteel college professor can fantasize about 
orgies with the three attractive coeds in the first row of 

See SEX, Page 52 



S2 SPECTACLE 

SEX: Fantasies 
allow us to exercise 
sexual imagination 
ContInued from .... Si. 
his classroom without risking his ten-
ure or reputation." 

................ 

One sophomore feels that after 
coming to UCSD, her fantasies be-
came "more specific. They were sim-
pler before I came to college." 

Raphael explains that many indi-
viduals struggle with serious relation-
ships for the flISt time and begin ex-
ploring intimacy during college. As 
they define their own identity, they 
often have trouble abstracting them-
selves from the beliefs with which 
they were raised. 

Those who choose to reject values 
they were taught, says Raphael, some-
times experience guilt. Similarly, if 
one's sexual fantasies diverge from 
what one was taught to consider"nor-
mal," feelings of dirtiness or abnor-
mality may result. 

Many UCSD students agree that it 
is embarrassing to talk about sexual 
fantasies. They laugh, tum red and 
resi t talking about it, but nearly all 
interviewed insist that they feel no 
guilt discussing their fantasies. "I like 
it. It's kind of fun." says one Revelle 
sophomore, "probably because it's 
not something I'm used to talking 
about." 

One junior says that she thinks 
people are reluctant to openly discuss 
fantasies because "some people rip 
on one artOther." 

"It's kind of private," says another 
sophomore student. . 

While many students claim that 
they have no qualms about sharing 
their fantasies with others, they are 
careful to assert that they are "nor-
mal" and would do "nothing too 
kinky." 

''I'm not into whips and chains 
and shit," says Evan. 

"I want her mom and dad ... watch-
ingandcheering," says Billy, a Revelle 

JSUMMER APANESE 
STUDM Intensive. 5-wk. '1 program 10 

Portland, OR, July 21·Aug. 29. 
Earn 12 quarter hrs. Study lang. 
{all levels) and culture with 
Japanese students. Outdoor 
wilderness program included. 
Prior lang. study not required. 
Oregon/Japan SUmmer Program, 

lewis & Clark College, 
Box 192, Portland, OR 97219, 

(503) 768-7305. 

INTENSIVE 
SPANISH 

CUERNAVACA, 
MEXICO 

Travel 
Homestayffours 

Pyramids 
Acapulco 

1.5 units/week 
start any Monday 

conl3Cl: 
A Better Return 

Language Travel Pr 
714-731-5924 

fIrSt-year student. 
Students with strict religious be-

liefs note little change in their sexual 
fantasiessincecomingtocollege. But 
most students report that as their fa-
miliarity and experience with sex 
changed, so, too, did their sexual fan-
tasies. 

"I realized there's more 1 can do 
[now]," says one Revelle sophomore. 
"We've experienced the earlier [fan-
tasies). There has to be more experi-
ence. You can always do beuer." 

A mild-mannered, 

genteel college 

professor can 

fantasize about 

orgies with the three 

attractive coeds in 

the first row without 

risking his tenure ... 

MAsTERs AND JOHNSON 
Sex researchers 

"I'vestill gouageta single (room), 
though," says another student. 

Dream lellion 
One female UCSD junior shares 

her "ultimate" sexual fantasy. 
"I have a specific person in mind. 

It is a composite of a few guys. I want 
it wild, but I want it like a natural 
scene, out in the woods, in a gazeb? .. 
there's nudity," she wams. 

Masters and Johnson note that it is 
common for people to fantasize about 
having sex with someone under per-
fect conditions and in a romantic set-
ting, often outdoors. 

The UCSD Guardian 

"We have black satin sheets. There 
are flowers close by. I love that 
smell," she says. 

She continues, "First the normal 
thing... kissing. cuddling. Then he 
begins to kiss me on the neck and ear. 
Oh, God, I love it. Then I would like 
him to touch me. I am fully clothed in 
silk. There is heavy petting. I like 
when he touches me." 

She describes how she would 
slowly kneel down. "Then I rip off his 
buttons with my teeth. Jeez, I know 
it's kinky. but I want to unzip his 
pants with my teeth. Then I might kiss 
his groin area with his underwear on. 
I am fondling his groin area with my 
mouth. 1lten I stand up again and he 
kisses my neck. I love that, so it's like 
an erotogenic zone." 

"I'm wearing a dress with azipper 
in the back. He unzips me with his 
arms around me. I am facing him. He 
removes my bra. In had to make love, 
I want him to strip me, and I want to 
do the same to him, not 'fuck.· Then 
he lays me down and he starts kissing 
my chest and my tummy," 

''1lten he removes my underwear 
with his teeth. I want him to kiss me, 
everything by his mouth. Oh, God, 
I'm still in this oral phase. [want it to 
be a clear, warm night near a lake or 
some brook or whatever," she says. 

Masters and Johnson write, "The 
opportunity. to visualize oneself in a 
certain form of erotic activity -oral-
genital sex, for example - allows 
one to anticipate some problems that 
may occur. By replaying a scene sev-
eral times, fantasizers can develop a 
better idea of how to minimize diffi-
culties ... awkwardness, embarrass-
ment or surprise." 

She continues, "Okay, then he re-
moves his underwear. He continues 
kissing ... God, this is so sick. Then he 
eats me out." 

'The penetration portion should 
come in at this time,"she says. "We're 
inthemissionaryposition. Then while 
he's doing that. he pulls my legs up to 
his shoulders. We are still going at it, 
and he pulls out because we're mak-
ing a mess." 

She hesitates and notes that in her 
fantasy, she would also be on the pill, 
and both she and her partner would be 
HIV negative. Often, elements of the 
real world intrude into the fantasy t9 
make the fantasizer feel more secure. 

"He ejaculates. We relax. We 
cuddle. He kisses me and sucks my 

breasts," she says. 
A Iiule later that night, they would 

do it again in an "animalistic posi-
tion ... doggy-style. I learned a lot from 
this [sexual positions) book." 

"This rear-entry sex is pretty 
quick ... I don't know. I never did that 
before," she says. 

Sex researchers note that the thrill 
of the unknown and the untried is 
important to fantasies, and is often 
employed to overcome sexual bore-
dom. 

m 
Then I rip off his 

buttons with my 

teeth. Jeez, I know 

it's kinky, but I want 

to unzip his pants 

with my teeth. Then 

I might kiss his 

groin area •• 

Female UCSD junior 
describing a fantasy 

m 
"We'd cuddle more ... and then I 

would give him a blow job," she says. 
"It would be nice if he told me how 
much in love he is with me ... I don't 
just go for the physical. 

"Some people are attracted to the 
physical only, but I can't do that. I'm 
a feelings- and emotions-type person. 
There have got to be mutual feelings 
for one another." 

"We are kissing and fondling all 
night," she says. "We fall asleep. I am 
in his arms. The next moming, we lie 
together and talk. He kisses me on the 
mouth. r m pretty tired. We take a dip 
in the lake naked. No one can see and 

Tuesday, June 1,1993 

so we play around. We use the towel 
to dry off. He towels me off." 

Commenting on her fantasy, she 
adds, "it makes me feel happy ... homy, 
too. I want to do it." 

Many people would gladly trans-
fonn their fantasies into reality, but 
this is not true in all cases. Others 
would prefer to keep their fantasies in 
their minds. In some cases, acting out 
the fan~y would "spoil" the forbid-
den appeal of it. 

Fantasies often reflect the situa-
tions and relationships that people 
find themselves in. As conditions in a 
persOil'S life change. so too do sexual 
fantasies. One woman who was the 
subject of a Mastersandlohnson study 
reported that her fantasies mirrored 
the problems that afflicted her mar-
riage. While she and her husband 
were having marital problems, she 
would often fantasize that she was 
making love with other men while her 
husband was forced to watch in hu-
miliation. After some successful mar-
riage counseling. she felt less of a 
need to retaliate, and her fantasies no 
longer involved scenes of humiliat-
ing her husband. 

The female student explains that 
her embarrassment in talking about 
her sexual fantasies has to do with 
other people's perceptions of her. 
"People think I am so innocent, and it 
might be shocking to others that I 
have thoughts like these ... adventur-
ous. almost wild or something." 

Indeed, con ventional notions hold 
that female fantasies are "tamer" than 
those of males. B ut i .. ~asters and 
Johnson note that in recent times, the 
fantasies they have collected from 
women have become more explicit 
and detailed, hinting that the fantasies 
of both sexes have never been very 
different, and that women have only 
been socialized into thinking their 
fantasies should dwell more on ro-
mantic and emotional elements. 

And not all male fantasies follow 
standard porn-script formula. Casey, 
a Revelle sophomore, shares his: "I 
go to Yosemite. We just go hiking or 
camping. We'd hike into Hetch 
Hetchy, the reservoir, and we go in 
the water 'cause we're not supposed 
to." 

''1ltere's this one place along the 
edge of the water, and there's a water-
fall." he continues. "There's a pile of 
rocks,like a huge boulder, and wecan 

See SEX, Page S3 

r----G RAN 0 0 PEN I N G !I----, 
Costa Verde 'Dentistry 
~ ::J2900 ~ EXAM, 

"" CLEANING Be 
/' X-RAYS (bitewing) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 

... We're open evenings and weekends! 

... Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 

... Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 

... Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 

... 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

... Plenty of free parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 NoIIt4 Dr. 
8650 Gen .... Av •. , Suit. 312 

We accept most Insurance pions and major creclt cards 

Tuesday, jlme 1,1993 

SEX: Tame people 
don't always have 
tame fantasies 
Continued from paae 52 
go swim under it and go into the 
caves. There's air in the caves and 
you can sit around in there." 

"I don't know. We could have a 
sexual experience in there. It'd be real 
nice. [t wouldn't be an aggressive or 
violent kind," he says. 

"When we're done in there. we 
hike back out of there to Tuolomne 
Meadows and spend the night out 
there underthe stars ... I can 'tthink of 
anything extra of how to describe it. 
It'd just be very nice." . 

In this instance, the female student 
was more concerned with sexual de-
tails than the male. He says, "The 
details would come later. I wouldjust 
let them happen. They would work 
themselves out." 

Nicole, a Revelle junior, explains, 
"I don't think gender's an issue here. 
If she has a boyfriend. I think she'll 
have someone specific in mind, but if 
she's single, then she won't." 

However, sex researchers note that 
imagining a partner other than the one 
you are currently with is extremely 

TYPES: Fantasies 
come in many flavors 
and colors 
Continued from page 51 
the "celebrity sex" fantasy, in which 
a person imagines a sexual 
encounter with a famous person. 
One woman involved in a study 
reported that she had always 
imagined having sex with Rolling 
Stones singer Mick Jagger when-
ever she had sex with someone. In 
the course of her travels, she 
eventually found herself in bed with 
the real Mick Jagger and discovered 
that she still had to conjure up her 
fantasy because the experience was 
not as erotic as she had imagined it 
would be. 

m 
I don't know. We 

could have a sexual 

experience in [a 

cave]. It'd be real 

nice. It wou1dn't be 

an aggressive or 

violent kind It'd just 

be rea1ly nice. 

Male UCSD sophomore 
describing a fantasy 

III 
Group Sax- This is another 
variation on the "switching 
partners" theme, but involves sex 
with more than one partner. It can 
range from large orgie~ to an 
intimate experience wi •.. three 
people. Interestingly, many people 
who have this fantasy also say they 
would be willing to tty it if given 
the chance. W......., Some people derive 
sexual pleasure from imagining 
themselves observing a sex act, but 
not participating in the action 
themselves. For instance, a woman 
may fantasize that she is watching 
her husband have sex with another 
woman. 
_. This type of fantasy is 
often misunderstood. Women who 
may have rape fantasies seldom 

The UCSD Guardian 

common, and that chances are high 
that both individuals in a relationship 
have had similar fantasies at some 
time. 

Sometimes, a person may be tom 
between the excitement of a particu-
lar fantasy and feelings of guilt or fear 
for having such a fantasy. Many 
women may feel unsettled at having 
recurring rape fantasies, or a hetero-
sexual male may be confused if he has 
erotic homosexual thoughts. 

Sex researchers say there is no 
evidence that sexual fantasies reflect 
actual personality traits or values. This 
may bring some consolation to people 
with strict religious beliefs who nev-
ertheless find themselves fantasizing 
about explicit or "unusual" sexual 
practices. Sexual and personal values 
may differ wildly from fantasy lives. 

Likewise, having a fantasy that 
depicts what many consider "strange" 
does not always mean that a person is 
inclined to act out that fantasy. 

Either way, sexual fantasies seem 
to be part of most every college 
student's life, and can be" gratifying in 
the privacy of your own mind or dis-
cussed among friends. Once shared, 
many find that their fantasies are not 
as uncommon as they thought. 

wish that it would ever actually 
occur. Often, it is an affmning 
fantasy for a woman that she is 
-being passive, and therefore 
conforming to society's stereotypes 
about proper sexual behavior. 
idyllic EnccuItars- These 
fantasies are concerned with having 
a "perfect" sexual encounter such as 
sex with a stranger in a beautiful 
place. usually with "no strings 
attached." 
........ DcIIIsm- Inflicting 
pain and receiving pain is a source 
of arousal for some people. Often, 
the tum-on value of these fantasies 
is in direct proportion to the protests 
of the victim. 

-Source: Sex and Human Loving 
by William H. Masters and Virginia 

E. Johnson. 

SPECTACLE S3 

AnENTION DeSD GRADSI 
W.·,. Gal A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to euter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

at L'Auberge Del Mar 

with a special 
Champagne Brunch 
on Sunday, June 13 

10amto2pm 
Enjoy spacious indoor or terrace dining next to gentle waterfalls 

and herb gardens. Chef Gary Slattery serves carved meats. 
pasta. omelettes, organic salads, pastries and more! 

Private catering facilities also available. 
S 19.95 per person 

(Not incl uding tax & gratuity) 

Call 259-151 5 for reservations 
1540 Camino Del Mar. Del Mar 

Guess what? 
Tuesday at 3pm (that's 
probably today) Is 
your last chance to 
place a classified ad 
because ..• 

THURSDAY IS 
THE FINAL 
GUARDIAN 

OllTZ 

Never miss a call no matter 
where you go. Get your Motorola 

pager today. 

Cellular Connection 
(6t9) 566-0538 Ferdie Mazon 

(619) 521-t914 David Tokunap 



S4 SPECTACLE 

Something very interesting. 

BluAN 1'EAFF 
Muir Freshman 

I'm working about 60 hours a 
week and balJeting in my spare 
time. 

TINA AyCOCK 
Revelle Freshman 

The UCSD Guardian 

HHENH 
WHAT ARE YOU 

DOING 1HIS SUMMER? 
Photos and Imerviews by 

DANNY RusPINI 

I'm going to rest and gai~ 
strength and try to set the night 
on fire. 

HENRy MIOJAa. RosE 
Revelle Sophmore 

One word: hydroponics. 

BARr MORANITE 
Fifth Senior 

Tueeday, June 1,1993 

Living in Lake Tahoe to get 
residency, and fmding a job as 
a valet. 

ABBIE STE\lENSON 
Muir F1'f!Shman 

Make lots of money. 

GUY BERLINER 
Warnm Senior 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
· ~ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

SUMMER IN L.A. 
We have the BEST LOCATIONS in West L.A. to provide you 
with quality apartment living (including the closest apartment 
building to UCLA)! Our three prime locations to choose from are: 

GAYLEY TOWERS 
Singles 
Single w/loft 

from $550/month 
from $750/month 

Gated parking available. Furnished or unfurnished. Steps from 
UCLA. Call Sue at (310)824-0836. 

WESTWOOD EXECUTIVE HOUSE 
1 bedroom eff. 
2 bedroom/2 bath 

from $750/month 
from $ 1 350/month 

Gated parking available. This exclusive building has a rooftop 
pool, jacuzzi, and sauna with exciting views of the city. Call 
Margaret at (310)824-2210. 
SURFWOOD PALMS 
1 bedroom 
2 bedroom/2 bath 

from $675/month 
from '$945/month 

Gated parking available. This 5 years new building has a rooftop 
jacuzzi. Located about 3 miles south of UCLA near the Fox and 
Sony Film Studios. Call Caryn at (310)202-0422. 
Each apartment community is gated with intercom access, has a 
full time resident manager, and is about 15 MINUTES FROM 
THE BEACH! Space is very limited for the summer, so call today. 

Equal housing opponunity. Rates for new IenaDl$ only. 
Professionally llWIIIIed by HSC-Califomia, Jnc. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 
• 
• 

at 
UNDERGRADUATE LIBRARY 
Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 

(South Study Room Only) 

June4-11 
South Study Room Closes at 11:45pm 

re-opens ... 

12midnight to 3am 
Sponsored by Undergraduate Library, 

CSO Program, and ASUCSD 

Tu >!sday, June 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Enrollment Cuts May Become a Reality 
By Philip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

As UC President Jack Peltason callsfor 
a review of the university's enrollment 
targets, cuts in enrollment are beginning 
to seem more likely, especially in light of 
the ongoing UC budget crisis. The possi-
bility of enrollment cuts has administra-
tors and students talking. 

A.S. Commissioner of Public Rela-
tions KUI1 Marek said that the A.S. Coun-
cil will not endorse any more fee hikes or 
reductions in enrollment to meet the 
budget shomal\. Either option would be especially 
ham1ful to economically disadvantaged and minority 
students, Marke said. 

According to figures from Student Research and 
Information. the number of UCSO's incoming first-
year students in cel1ain underrepresented groups has 
dropped slightly from since last year. 

For example, 63 African-American students have 
enrolled here for next year, compared to 66 one year 
ago. Larino enrollment is down to 47 students from last 
year's total of 62. 

Only the numbers of Chicano and Filipino students 
have increased since 1992. The total number of new 
first-year students accepts, however, has dropped from 
2,7l7t02,637. 

By cutting enrollment, Marek said, the university 
risks "lowering these statistics even more." 
What 11Iey're Saying About Enrollment 

At last week's meeting of the Board of Regents, 

Pehason conceded thallhe university 
may no longer be able to enroll all 
qualified students who wish to enter a 
UC school. 

"If we are forced to restrict enroll-
ment, however, we must do so in a 
fashion that will enhance diversity so 
that our student body will reflect the 
diversity of tile people of California," 
PeItason added. 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph Watson said that while reduc-
ing enrollment is one possible option 

of dealing with the budget shol1fall, it "seems inappro-
priate, especially at a time when the number of high 
school graduates is increasing. 

" It is my opinion that reducing enrollment should be 
one of the last things that' s done," said Watson, adding 
that enrollment cuts would hul1 future generations of 
students. 
What'. BeIng Done 

The A.S. is currently exploring other options to deal 
with the budget shomall, Marek said. These options 
include calling formorecuts in the upper administration 
budget and lobbying the state to increase its allocation 
to the UC system. According to Watson, other options 
that could be explored include getting more money 
from the state and increasing faculty workload. 

"Right now the A.S. is looking to get students, 
faculty and staff together to lobby the state. We're 
building a coalition. It's not just students getting cut by 
the budget," Marek said. 

ShrInking Enrollment 
The total number of first year students 
who have declared their intention to 
attend UCSD asofMay 14 has dropped 
slightly from the totals of last year. 
Among certain ethnic groups, the nunr 
ber of accepts has also declined. 

Asian 

Latino 

Black 

American 
Indian 

Chicano 

White 

Filipino 

Other 

Source: Student Research & Information 

NEWS 9 

Total accepts: 
I" 1(' '. 2,717 
f cI I ( ,( j " 2 ,673 

Rene Bruckner/ Guardian 

Monkey ror Sale. Cheap. 
Doesn't Bite. Call 555-7614 . 

Advertise in 
The Guardian 

Make Graduation 
a Special Memo~ ... 

at the Beautiful 
Sheraton Grande 

Torrey Pines! 
Relax and enjoy this special event minutes from campus. 

Overlook the 18th Fairway of the famous Torrey Pines Golf 
Course and beautiful Pacific Ocean. Make your stay 

comfortable and affordable with ... 

• Complimentary Butler Service-light pressing, shoe shine, 
coffee and newspaper in the morning 

• Shuttle to UCSD 
• Complimentary Health Club and Tennis 
• Twice daily maid service and turndown 
• Special $125.00 (plus tax) package which includes 

Breakfast for Two and Late Checkout 

Please call direct (619)558-1500 or toll free (800)762-6i60 
to make reservations. 

Offer va lid June 10·15, 1993. Please ask for "UCSD Graduation Special." 

I 
SHERATON GRANDE 

TORREY PINES 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

Ijt,ii;i~ 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALL TODAY FOR AfFORDABLE QUAlITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at I·S and La lolla Village Drive 



Ie " PINION 

MeAT 
90% OF THE STUDENTS 

Jrn'JIE HELPED ARE 
IN MEDICAL SCHOOL 

CALL OR WRITE: MCAAT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 

ADVANCEMENT AND 
TRAINING 

4500 CAMPUS DRIVE, #225 
NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92660 

(714) 476-3027 
WEEKEND COURSE: 96 hours, July 10 - Aug. 28 . $360 
3 WEEK COURSE: 178 hours, July 25 - Aug. 14 $450 

5 WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July 18 - Aug. 21 $650 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: 313 ' hours, July 12 - Aug. 27 . $2,000 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

1I.r/Il..:rd,Jrimd(, nIUIIISplh'rt· .Itm/lxr .4IJA. CI)A . SIX I)S 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROHiSSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top Fluor, jllsf bebilld f/)( EI(pbnlll Rnl' 

558-3490 
ErmillllJ & SntllrdnY 

Appoi"w;C/lfS A pnilnbit 

,--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? I 
Decisions to Make? I 

Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 

I 
I 

• Free Testing • Medical Referrals I 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help I 
No Need to Feel Alone_ .. We Can Help You I 

I Birth·right-'"~'---' ! 
277 S. Rancho Santa Fe Rd. 

SU~eS 
San Marcos. CA 92069 

744-1313 

150· A N. Et Camino Real 
Wiegand Plaza 

Encinitas. CA 92024 
942-5220 

I 
I 
I L 24 Hr Hotline 1-800-848-LOVE I ____________________ .....J 

1 000 Ihs or less? 
We're the small load specialists! 

• Insured We package it and ship it, too! 
call the moving company to 
move a whole houseful of 
furniture. Call us when the lob's 
too small for them. 

• Pickup service I free estimates 
• Tape boxes, packing materials and 

more for do it yourselfers 

• We ship anything from 1 to 1,000 
Ibs.-a single piece to a roomful 
of furniture 

.. c·k.agjng S:~nre . 
Ihe ule usy (OIWln/em , no protesslonal WJ¥' 

• Professional, custom crating and 
packaging 792·2299 

IN DEL MAR 12750 Carmel Country Road., Ste. 113 
San Diego, CA 92130 

15°0 STUDENT DISCOUNT 

----------

N A I L S P 

ACRYLIC 
NAILS Reg. $35 
Tip Ov ..... , Reg. $45 

I , II~ ECIALS 
$18.99 J $24.95 

Fill, $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • FaCials $25 Reg. $35 

~ ~ liEN AND.OMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Nat vllid willi.." _ olin. "",IS tlllS'93. 

The UCSD Guardian 

QUOTES: 
Continued from page 4 

HCatholic school wears on the mind 
and corrupts the soul. It turns the devout 
Christian soldier into the most vehe-
ment reviler of Christ's glory." 

- Ben Boychllk, "Jo/mley to the 
Catholic School of rile Damlled:' 

Mar. 3, 1993. 

"It should come as no shock that 
with a little more than a week to go 
before the A.S. election. the entire cam-
pus is abuzz with anticipation - that is 
to say, abuzz with the same anticipation 
one would feel for the re-release of 
Howard Ihe Duck." 

-Philip Michaels on the 
alllicipaTed apalhy inSlead of lIIrt/out 

for Ihe A.S. eleeliolls, "II Happells 
Every Spring ... ," Mar. 29.1993. 

"As the world 's economies become 
more integrated in a global market, 
microeconomic management is becom-
inglesssufficient ro guarantee our com-
petitiveness in the marketplace." 

-Ben Lavine on why America 
Ileeds to adopt a comprehensive 

indUSTrial policy. "Brave New 
World?" Apr. 12, 1993. 

"American history .. . is just another 
chapter in Ihe epic saga of Ihe dead 
white males gone oppressing. America 
is above all things an exclusionary and 
oppressive WASP slate acceptable only 
with some radical transfonnation. This 
comic book interpretation of history 
would be laughable, perhaps, were it 
not coming from a professor." 

-Malf Robinson on Ihe bias 
agaillST whites in American history, 

"Taking the Axe to HiSTOry," Apr. 15, 
1993. 

"It is too much to hope that one 
guilty verdict will restore faith in the 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Steals 

Rentals 

criminal jusrice sysrem. lt should /lot be 
roo much to hope that this verdict sym-
bolizes the detennination of a vasr ma-
jority of our society to fight against 
racism." 

---Gre,qory Stephells 0 1/ wiry t/,e 
jllry' s decisions still gil'es liS Irope . 

part oflhe series. "Jllslice?" Apr. 22, 
1993. 

"Obviously, justice is in the eye of 
the beholder. The only justice served 
this week was mob justice - Ihe same 
SOrt of ugly lynch mob vengeance sup-
posedly abandoned three-quarters of a 
century ago. A wave of giddiness and 
relief ripples throughout the city and 

. the nation. but there is nothing to cel-
ebrate." . 

-Bell Boycllllk on wiry lire l'erdicT 
was jllsi a paThelic form of lIIob 

jllslice. parT of Ihe series "Jllstice?" 
Apr. 22 . 1993. 

"What people should be opening 
rheireyes to is that the way things are in 
this country ain 't anywhere close to . 
'the way they ought to be. '" 

-Damen Scralllon all why ollr 
perspeCTive should be On all of society 

and nO! JUST on the fWO officers. parr 
of Tire series, "juslice?" Apr. 22. 

1993. 

"Randolph Siwabessy should resign 
as A.S. President. ... Siwabessy is in the 
midst of waging a war of principle. He 
is in the most difficult position of trying 
to convince a rather dim-wined judicial 
board that he has a right to hold an 
office he may not have been eligible to 
seek in the first place." 

-Ben Boych14k explaining his 
reasons why Randolph Siwabessy 

should resign, "The Wizard of A.S,," 
May3,1993. 

"As if a public appearance by Ihe 
chancellor isn't chilling enough. his 

Tues(lay, June 1,1993 

message was posirively hO/Tific. When 
Richard Atkinson uses words like ' bit-
ter. vicious. decisions .. it's time ro empty 
the savings account and flee the state." 

- Philip Michaels commelllillg 011 
Clrallcel/or Alkinsol/ ' S remarks 0 111/11' 

UC budgel crisis. parr of tile series. 
"Empire ill Decoy." May 10. 1993. 

''The effects of Governor Pete's 
' tune-up' to the state are becoming clear. 
The Bear Flag Republic is now a ba-
nana republ ic. With dismemberi ng cuts 
to the UC, it will have a univers ity to 
match. Quality and access are going. 
but a private UC is scarier than you 
think." 

- Ely Rabani 01/ IrOIV Ilrese Iruge 
CIIIS pose a ,~real delrimelll TO Ihe UC 
syslem , parr of lire series. "Empire ill 

Decay." May 10, 1993. 

"Listening to a Communication 
major explain the principles of his or 
her discipline is like listening to a child 
argue that babies are delivered by storks 
or that the earth is shaped like an avo-
cado. Perhaps more accurately. Com-
munication majors are like the insane 
pamphleteers swann ing the ai rports and 
public parks, proclaiming the end is 
nigh." 

-Ben Boycilllk on wiry tire 
Communication discipline is waSTe of 

IlIIil'ersity resources, pari of tire 
series. "Commllnicatioll Break-

down,"' May 17, 1993. 

"We must infer from his attacks on 
Ihe Communication Department that 
Mr. Boychuk values scholarship. Per-
haps he should have done a little em-
pirical work force he engaged in his ill-
infonned denunciation." 

-Professor Robert HO/wit: ill 
response 10 Bell Boychllk' s allack all 

tire Communication Departmelll, 
from a feuer. May 20. 1993. 

-Complied by Ben lavine 

Stereus 

Surlboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

To get what you want in life, 
you need a college degree. 
But that diploma is not easy to 
obtain -- especially when the 
classes ypu need are often 
closed and your tuition keeps 
climbing. 

Palomar College are only six 
and eight weeks long. 

Tuition at Palomar is low, 
only $10 per unit for under-
graduate students who are 
state residents. So you won It 
need a hefty student loan to 
take any of their classes_ Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

Cumputers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The Guardiall 
Classilieds. 

What do 
YOII need'? 

The ....... 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

Palomar College can help. 
Palomar offers thousands of 

courses in over a hundred 
different subject areas. And 
almost all of their classes are 
directly transferrable to 
UCSD! 

Palomar offers courses that 
meet during the daytime and 
evenin~ and even Saturdays. 
And summer classes at 

Palomar College summer 
class schedules are available 
in all five UCSD academic 
advisement offices. 

So go get one! Fill out the 
application in the center of the 
schedule and bring it to 
Palomar today. And you can be 
in the class you want this 
summer. Classes start June 21_ 

Palomar CoIle.e 
Palomar College • San Marcos • 744-1150, x2160 

TI ,lay, June 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Skipper Lyle Yates Dedicated to ExceHence 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

Every year when summer rolls 
around in the South, the weather be-
comes wild with HXklegree days and 
gut-wrenching humidity followed by 

softball-size hail 
and massive 
downpours of 
rain. Tornados 
pop up here and 
there,butoncethe 
clouds dissipate, 
it's back to the 
dog days of swn-
mer. As the skies 
clear, you can 
look out to the 
sandlots between 

the pecan trees and the lemonade stands 
and find kids enjoying America's fa-
vorite pastime. In the dust and heat, they 
do their best to imitate the Pete Roses, 
the Mickey Mantlesandthe Willie Mays 
of the Major Leagues, withthe hope !hal 
one day they too will be smashing home 
runs and rounding bases. Indifferent to 
the events of the world around them, 
these boys live out their childhood fan-
tasies on the baseball diamonds. 

Lyle Anthony Yales once lived in 
such a setting, but the 39-year-old Mira 
Mesa man has found himself in a com-
pletely different world. Residing in hec-
tic Southern California might seem to 
be a roadblock to Yates' drive to be a 
baseball man, but such has not been the 
case. 

Yates is the current skipper of the 
Triton baseball team. In his 12-year 
UCSD coaching career, he has trans-
fonned a perennial bottom-dwelling 
team into a winning program. 

Thurs. June 3 
8:15pm 
MsinGym 

His assistant, Tom Cartier, feels that 
Lyle is a marquee manager because 
"he's always organized and always pre-
pared. Once he gets that game face on, 
he's pretty forthright." 

Yates' success comes as no surprise 
toanybcxlywhoknowshirn. In 1953,he 
was born into a lifeofbaseball in Merid-
ian, Mississippi. It was a rare day when 
he was not playing ball on the fields 
nearby. The fowth son of Frank: and 
Sanh Yates, Lyle Ieamed how to play 
ball from his older brothers, Frank Jr., 
Mike and Joe. When younger sister Liz 
was born, the boys even talked her into 
playing ball. "We were drinking, sleep-
ing, eating and living baseball," Yates 
said. 

With a childhood revolving around 
baseball, Yates and his friends never 
witnessed the racism surrounding them 
in the South. Meridian was separated 
into white and black sections, and his 
elernenraryschool was segregated How-
ever, the love for baseball had the power 
to unite kids of any race. 

"My family was not raised into preju-
dice. I never saw a Ku Klux Klan 
member, and to my knowledge, our 
neighbors weren't known to be racist. 
But then again, as kids, we were pretty 
isolated from what was happening 
around us," he said. 

His life in the South came to an end 
in 1964, when the family packed up its 
bags and headed west for Salem, Or-
egon. Interestingly enough, familymern-
bers were outraged to find out later that 
they had sold their Meridian home to a 
Grand Wizard of the KKK. 

The move to the Pacific Northwest 
proved to be quite a transition, since 
Yates discovered a poor, unexciting 

"[I went from] a bach-
elor who had let ba •• 
ball dominate [my] 
life to a man who 
finally wa able to 
..... (my] life with 
SOIII8OII8. " 

-40yle yates, 
On his marriage 

quality of baseball. Still, he continued to 
play in city league and high school. 

Yates' Southern accent brought him 
some teasing among his new friends. 
Other kids would stare at him, amazed 
at how strange his voice sounded. He 
recaJled the many times in class when 
all the other kids would stop raising their 
hands just as Yates raised his hand so 
that they could listen to his Southern 
accent with curiosity. 

High school seemed to be the turn-
ing point in Yates' life, in tenns of his 

connection with baseball. He had al-
ways wanted to play professional ball, 
but because of his size, it was evident 
that he would not have much opportu-
nity to reaIize this dream. After transfer-
ring to South Salem High, he became 
involved in coaching Babe Ruth base-
ball, worldngwithpiayersonlyayearor 
two younger than he was. 

After playing ball in the American 
Legion, Yales accepted an academic 
scholarship to attend Oregon State Uni-
versity. Unfortunately, it was a decision 
he wouldregre1,asthe Divisionl coaches 
agreed !hal he was too small to play. and 
he was cut. 

"It bothers me that I didn't go to a 
smaller school, because I probably could 
have made the team there instead of 
trying to make the ream at a Division I 
school," he says. 

Yates then turned his attention to 
coaching. With previous high school 
coaching experience, he knew he had 
the talent to handle the job and only 
needed a break to get started. 

After a year of coaching junior col-
lege ball, Yates got his big break in 
1981. He traveled to La Jolia to partici-
pate in the fall program for UCSD, and 
Triton Head Coach Mike Abruzzo was 
impressed. He was offered an assistant 
coaching position, and despite the poor 
pay, dropped out of Oregon Slate and 
took the job. 

His bold move paid off when, in 
January of 1982, the head coaching 
position became available and Yales 
was selected to take over the UCSD 
program. 

During his ftrStyearat UCSD, Yates 
took his troops across the PacifIC, male-
ing the Tritons the flIst American team 

ever to playa game in the People's 
Republic of Olina. He has since taken 
tearns into the Phillipines and Japan. 

Yates, married in August of 1989, 
admits he changed from being "a hach-
elor who had let baseball dominate his 
life, to a man who finally was able to 
share his life with someone." 

But Yales still maintains a full-time 
dedication to baseball. He spends count-
less hours making lineups, taking care 
of fields, scouting teams, preparing 
charts and instructing players. 

Yates and wife, Karla, are expecting 
their first child this sumner. Thecouple, 
devoted Olristians, looks forwardtothe 
challenge of raising a child., 

HI just want to be able to raise a 
fanlily in the proper manner. It's some-
thing that we both really W3l1l, and the 
timing is right, " Yates said. 

For the man who has endured a 
lifelong obsession with baseball, father-
hood will provide a greater challenge. 
He admits that although it may kill him 
to do so, he will have to spend less time 
with baseball. 

Even with anew family in progress, 
Yates still hopes to advance further into 
the world of baseball, possibly on the 
field or in a front offICe job for a minor 
league ballclub. He finished his educa-
tion at San Diego State in 1988 and 
eameda Master's degree in Sport Man-
agement in 1992. 

Yates still keeps his Southern roots 
alive. despite being away from hisorginal 
home for over 25 years. He hopes to 
raise his family in a srnall-town envi-
ronment, allowing his children to expe-
rience the same memories he has grown 
to cherish .• That's just the old Southern 
boy in me," he says. 

SELF STORAGE 
UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 

1/3 OFF ANY size unit with this ad 
uc '" SD .... 
•• 

,----
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

8t92 
Miramar 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 
-~--------------~ 

TANS$1: : 
One ,for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days $2g99 I I 
Wolff 5ed5. Facial Tamers I I 
~~----- ----~~~~&_-----~ 

,------------------------~ 

I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ //osl inches, and my jeans I 

Check It out, you may win it Free T-Shirt! 
European Body Wrap . fit now. It's definitely worth itt" 

I -Mindy, San Diego I Loee It !tut 8" or you don't pa,' 
I No .xercIM or dletllII. Not • temporary l¥lIter lou. I 
I GOLDEN ~E ... Jolla "to I.omI ttllcree, I I I'ERFECT TAN" ~2 224-9721 296-1004 I 

~251 Holiday C,. ,. Iftc Beach' IwIIH V.no· State CoHete· I acr05' 'treet from El Tonto ~9060 ~2~91 Y 697-8014 I 
'f5~909 ~------~-~~~~~~~~~~-------~ 

For More Information Contact Your Intramural Sports Office 

l 



( 

12 ~LASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need an on~ NoIIIy PIAIIic? " 10. 
call 587·7911 . (1/4-&3' 

"FIts! Chrillian FeIowIIip C/IuIdI" needI dona-
tlonaol .. 1dnda to help .... needy and_. 
PIdt·uptiio lor 1Iooring. dlurch pewa. gqndplano. 
card ~. etc . .,y condIIIon. Cd: Pao1Or 
DIInieI P . ....... (8111, 211H112. (50l808I3, 

EMPLOYMENT 
Female AIhIetes-We MIlt you on QUI~! Malle 
good money. go on lOIn. pIOITlOIIon$. etc. Become 
a Pu,. Platinum "Foxy eo ..... • Contaa Pizazz InrI. 
Talent Agency. Emie 278-9969. (511H/l) 

OJ Needed. ExperienceandUnryamul1 ' Adu~ 
Entenalnment Nightclub. Pizzazz Int'! Talent 
Agency 278-9989. (5113-811) 
INTERNATIONAl EMPLOYMENT· Make money 
teacl1ing basic con ..... tionaI English abroad. 
JapanandT aiwan. No previous tJaining 01 teIICNng 
cenKicate required. Forlnternatlonal Efl1lIoyment 
program. call the Inillmational EmpIoymentGroup: 
(208) 632-1 148 eJtt. J5978. (811-813, 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ............. .450-3323 
Fairmaifs .......... ............ 222-0220 
Jennifer Js Beach Weal .... 551-1004 
La Sandale .................. . 488-1134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza ... ...... .... .. .. .... 455'0662 
Domino's ........... ...... ... .. 452-UCSD 
Yakimono ..... ...... .... ..... .452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Auto .... ... .... .. ...... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695·1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ...... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ....... .. ... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ......... : .. 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .. ........ ....... .. . 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558·3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ..... .... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452·7374 
Vision Care ................... 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
Music Trader .. .............. 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
T ravelle~s Depot .. ... ... .. 483-1421 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperlearning .. ... ... ....... 455-1 000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ........ . 695-9952 

UCSDJOBS 
New Car Dealers .......... 296-3175 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 4S2-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ..... .. .... 274·ALES 
Characte~s (W Marrion) ....... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ....... " .. . 270-7860 

UCSD ETC. 
St. Germain·s .. .. ...... " .... 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
anyadvel1ising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
calJ534-5416.Mailing address: UCSDGurudian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 GilmanDrive, 
0316, La lolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, lOp floor. . 

SWIMMING INsmUCTORS. Earn $12·$141hr. 
OoIun Swimming l.esaono. Aex hours. all areas. 
call Greg. (619) 491-4837. (SI2O-6I3) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT - fisheries. 
Earn up to $ 8OO+lWe"" In cannerlesorS4.OOO+I 
month on fiShing bOats . Fr .. transponatlon ! 
Room & Board! Over 8,000 openings. No 
experience necessary. Male or Female. For 
employment program call 1-206-545-4155 ext. 
A5976. (5/24-613) 
INSTRUCTORS: SNOW SKI. Revolving carpets 
In Encinitas • San DIego. FulllPart·time from 
September 1993 through March 1994. Into. + 
application will be mailed July/August. Send SASE: 
Adventure Ski Schools. P.O. Box 230951 , 
Encinitas. CA. 92023-0951 . (5124-613) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING · Eam $2,000+/ 
month + world travel. Holiday. Summer and Career 
employment available. No experience necessary. 
For employment program call 1-206-634·0468 
ext. C5976. (5124-&3) 

Cnildcare wanted near Del Mar. 2. 4. & 8 year okl. 
flexible schedul ing. 755-6172. (5127·613) 

Fr ... roolT1+board in exchange for tutor 14 year 
oid. Carlsbad. 431·9479. (5127-611) 
Still lOOking for WOI1(? Maybe we can help. Send 
resume and SASE 10: Future Trencls Enterprises. 
9534 Wintelgardens Blvd. 0212. lakeside. CA 
92040. (5127-613) 

Need general office parttime help through August. 
Some summer weeks will be full time. Can be 
somewhat flexible with hours. S6 per hour. Call 
Margie 566·9263. (611 ) 

Organic larm desires ambitioos intern to live and 
leam all aspec1S of growing. harvesting. and 
marketing fresh vegetables. Call Bob mornings: 
445-73561440-1203. (811 ) 
Hiring today! Established local company needs 5 
enthusiastic sporls minded individuals for part· 
time or full time SUMMER positions starting at$12 
per hr, CALL NOW 645-1954. (611) 

AdveniSlng salesperson(s) & writers needed by 
Look Magazine, a twentysomething local lifestyle 
pub lication , Excellenl opportunity to gain 
experience and make good money. Call Marl< at 
270-6663. (611-613) 

Retail sales position lor spon SIDre in La Jolla 
snores. Retail e.wper1ence and tennls knowledge 
a must. Apply in person • Match Point. 2158 Ave. 
Ce La Playa. (811-&'3) 

SERVICES 
I 

00 you need an on·campus Notary Public? H so. 
call 587-7911. (1/4-813) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5,95. White you 
wait. Xeroxes ancl more. Near St. Germain·s. 452· 
9949. (1/19-613) 
VlollnNlola Lessons. You or your child(ran) 
can learn from an experienced, professional 
teacher. Now accepting students - all ages 
and levels welcome! Call Conrad, 466-0525 , 
(3/29-813) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITING/REWRITING 01 pa' 
petS. theses. dissertations. monographs. George 
Tibbon, 299-2420. (611-613) 

Need typIng/WOId processing done? Will do any 
Size job. any type of job. I Witl &lao do editing if 
neecIed or wanted. Call Carol 461-63&4 evenings. 
(411 ·613) 

TERM PAPERSI THESISI RESUMES I Oon't 
wasle money & time aI do-~·yoursetf cent.,.. 
RELAX+ let us do yourwon:l-processing. haHthe 
COSI. half the timel Free pickup + delivery. 1619) 
292·8444 (24 hrs.) (4119-613) 

Word P!oceIaingfTypIng: Academic manu",,*. 
papers, __ ,books,le1tIn. 8I)pIiCations, Nx:IJrtJMJI 
Fast setvioe. M.y Ann 452-9439. (~) 

WOAD PROCESSING, Any type or size job. 
Quality writing and editing. Laser printout. Kall1y. 
454-8167. (518-613) 
PHYSlCSlMATHTUTOR. Mast"'inphysicaw~h 
TA experience. $151hr. 263-9444. (5110-613) 

WORD PROCESSING - 15 years. Full servfce 
spedafizlng in term papers. resumes. Laser print· 
outs. Ginny ~-6682. (5113-611) 

Housesitti1g. Professional, mature WOI1<i1g woman 
with te4Bn!nces. Quiet. non-smoI<ing, reiabIe. Wilg"" 
kMng cara tl yo.x hOIne and pelS. minimum one 
roonlll. 944-1OSQ beIorII9 p.m. please. (511~) 

CLARITY SERVICES. Editing: pl'oofreadlng. com· 
ments, TUIOring:wrlting, Engllsh.malll. Testprepa· 
ration. Experienced. reasonabte. 294-4860/584-
4708. (5120-613) 

f'I type whie you pany. FasI, ~; hand writIan 
noleS, flnCliplion. call 0inl583-1528. (!>2~) 

MOVING? Get your stufltogether. the PaCkaging 
Store does the rest. 1-5% student discount 792-
2299. (5124-613) 

STORAGE SPACES for leasa at n52 No"" Ave .• 
Lemon Grove. CA. 464-4918. (5127-613) 

WORD PROCESSING · Fast/Accurate/Reliable-
Repor1I. resumes. IIy.,. . quicl<tum arounds. Call 
Michele at 434-3064. (5127-611) 
Timeshare condo. sleeps 4. Mazatlan. Mexico. EI 
Cid R_n. One _ June 26-July 3. $350. 443-
1996. ~8Il) 

WANTED 
WANTED. HouSfiitting position. Prolesslonal. 
mature working woman with references will give 
loving care to your home and pets. Cuiet, non· 
smolting. reliable. Minimum one monll1 , 944-1050 
before 9 p.m. please. (5113,813) 
Sudden lmensa Fur? Rapid Hea1ln1187'Fear of 
Losing Control? Six _I drug.".. therapy 
available .. partOf~stucIy. Therapyollered 
at no COlI. SuperviSed by licenlllld psychOiogilt It 
111-65 Yf .. call 456-5964. ~5I20-613) 

Allendant wanted by professional . disabled 
woman. TuITh &a.m.·noon; Sun 7:30-3:30. $7.501 
hr. Ann 298-1745. (5124-811) 

MARRIED COUPtESwfIhouIchllctan M1g athOlne 
needed forlllevlsiDn viewing stucIy. WifI raceIve$20 
CASH. plus comecIY dUb. movie. or harbor cruise 
tid<8Ia. plus 11(lCI raIIle, S4&-891 t. (61H113) 

FOR SALE 
Futon + frame 175. FutllQueen mat aet $90. SOfa 
+ Iov .... t $200, Can delMlr 576-8244. (513-613) 

Bed -fUn.1ighlwood whleadboard + fuIan.llcenew. 
paid $430. ask $300. neg .. 792-8357. (s.'17-813) 

1974 Ford LTD Brougham. Rebul~ engine (SOt< 
mil. New rabuilt carll. new btakes, trailer hiICIt. 
cruise control. air. etc. $950. Steve 272-2729. 
Smog OK, (5120-611' 

TROUBLED BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now Only $3 500 

ReR· $45 

RESUL TS GUARANTEED 

Call now 
457--2100 

Electrolysis • Waxing • Lash Penn • Tints-" 

'82 PORSCHE 924 • Grey. 77K miles. PW. PM , 
sun roof. stereo. new performance tites, new 
brakes. cable. cytinders, clutch cable + much 
more · invested 53000+. Martin 458-59291or (714) 
897·9494 after e .. ms. (5124-613) 

1989 Honda Elite 80, 4600 mHes. Good condition . 
$750. 453-3950. (5124-613) 
IBM 20mb HOD · $15; Scanman handscanner • 
$60; GraviS joystick (IBM) - $15. Call Seung @ 
622·1244. (!>24-611) 
1967 Claalic Karmann Ghia. BeautifUl straight 
body. runs we •. fun summer car! $4000 o.b.o. 
543-9380. (5124-613) 

MOTORCYCLE: 1989HondaCBR600F. Exceilent 
mechanical condition. 12K miles. $2.500. Call 
483·5139. (5124-613) 

Macintosh Classic 2140 : Includes Writemove 
ponable printer. and PowerUser 24196 Send! 
Receive Fax Modem. AskJng $1000 o.b.o. Call 
Craig @452-3783. (5127-611) 

1990Jeep Wrangler soft top. 24.5K original miles. 
Black wlthgreyinteriOr, Blklnltop. SonyCDpuliout. 
6x9 speakers. 3- lift. 32' tires and one of a kind 
rims. Centerconsote. Recently S8fV1cecI and tuned. 
Immaculate cond~lon and great for lI1e summer. 
Call for more details . 625-0488. (5127-611) 

See the sweal on OINGO BOINGO's lacesl Must 
part with 3rd row seat for June 121h, Asking $80.00 
o.b.o, Sue 622-9646. (5127-611, 

MUST SELL: SOF AlFllpchalr · $25. Study TABLE 
• $30. Study LAMp· $12. Chair· $5. Call 457-
4621 . (5127-1111) 

'83 VW AaiJlJit. Only 55K mi. wlservice recIJIds. «*'. AI 
C. g ..... t ccnditIcn. S2.700. 632-6396. (!>27~) 

LIVING ROOM SET: 2 large couches. coff .. 
table. 2 and _so praC1lcally new en"";nment 
center. All for $200 o.b.o. Call Sandra 259-1664 
(available in June). (5127-613) 

1984 Honda Civic HatchbaCk: blue. very reliable. 
excellent sler80, new tires and dutch. 51500.00. 
695-1169. (!5I2O-6ll) 

Twin bed+frame. $850.b.o. OeSk+ChalrS65o.b.o. 
All in good condition. 558-8731 , (611-613) 

Pagers • DISCount rale for UCSD $7.50. New and 
used. purer-or _t Cd Manny 888-8810. (811) 

1985 Mazda 626, Run. grNI. ltandard irani .. AI 
C. Itereo. 80.000 miles. $3.000. 587-1109 
evening., (611-&'3) 

FIoIartJIadoa:Mon'll 0 1I2TAS·grealcordtIoo.lneed 
... $. $750.b.a . ...... : 488-0150. (8Il~) 

Sola lor saJe:S25. Cal La,"" 622·1623. (811-613) 

ItaIan 10apeeclmen·IRlIdbl<8. BlllCk.goodardlon. 
$100 o.b.o. 587·11011 (~,. (&'I-M) 

Moving aalel Bed. fufl-slze ·e"'a nrm' $1250.b.o, 
light oak cIeIk $50 o.b.o. 558-8346. (811-813) 

'80 HONDA CB750 CUS'TOM. 39.~ rnIeI. GnI8I 
1OOIcIng. XInt ardIon. MIS perIact "....111 c1le tl 
moving. any seoo. NIo ..... 1WO helmets. call ShcjI 
551-5819 or ... rMMIg8 4IiM8B3. (611-&3) 

Twin bed. Excelent condition. $45.00 o.b.o. Call 
548-0871. (811-813) 

1984 Toyall CeIca GT. 1141<. SapeI. CD-d1anger. 
tintIId. $3.300; 1985 HondI Civic. 4spd, runs 
greet. 11 .100; 1988 Yamaha Fuer, 700cc. 12K. 
$2.100; Cd J. 5e0-0273, (811-&'3) 

Tuesday,June 1, 1993 

10.000 MANIACS · excellent .. ata $20.30 N. 4 
U. SDSU 111 . 586-7725. (811) 

Olngo Bolngo. 8111 ;aw center pit. S65 ea, 2 Ux 
SOSU 819. 518-n25. (811) 

TREK 330 ROAD BtKE. 58cm. 12apd. Good 
condition. 5150 o.b,o. Call Rudy 581-9058, (811, 
Twin bed $25. Solid wood deSk-must _ . $SO. 
Bolh great conditfon. 452-6545. (611-613) 
SCOOTER. 1989Yamaha Zuma.purchased new. 
1991 . Been servlcecl regularly.SSSOo.b.o. lncludes 
CI:1Ver. 546-1912. Suzanne. (611-613) 

Dining room table w/4 chairs $SO, Coffee table 
$25. Call Jane 535·0066. (611 ·613) 

IBM Compatible , monochrome monitor. 840K, 
30MB HD. mou ••. loti of software (MSWord, 
WordPerfect. Lotus. games). Excellent for word 
processing and fun! All for $200 o,b.o, Helke 
587-7018. (811) 
MOVING·TO·EUROPE SALE: Table Tablea, 
chairs . couch. bed. nousehOld iIenW. TV. etc. 822· 
0727. (811) 

Compu1ers: IBM clone complete with hard drive 
$250. Apple $250. printer $50. 443-1996. 

Buy Ihlt bNut~uI carl '66 Mercedes·Benz coupe. 
white wlblk leather. walnut trim, auto. 6 cyf. wi 
meth. fuel InJ .. AlC. sunrool. come 1188 It! 931 ' 
4096 work. 753-2106 home. (811-613) 
Adjustable weight set • like new. Includes: leg 
attachment. barbell , dumbbellt. curl bar. and 
weights. $100 o.b.o. 546-9456. (811 ,613) 

For sale: QUMn slz8waterbed+headboard $125, 
DeSk $40. Call 455·5294. (811·613) 

Honda Passpon scooter. Greal lor campus 
transportation. $375 Including helmet and lock. 
Call Gillian 587-0541. (611-613) 

386-DX40 COMPUTER: fax·modem. svga card. 
color monitor. 24pln EPSON printer. 130mgHD, 
2mgRAM . windows3.1, dos6 .0 , word & 
worclperlect forwindows+soflware. Everything you 
need & much more l BRIAN@558-B514 anytime, 
(5127-611 ) 

BicycIe:Schwinnl7in 10 speed.goodtransporlation. 
5165 0 b.o. Sarah 458-9568 eves. (611) 
Comfortable chair with loot rest. Great lounging. 
procrastinating $35. Two barstools $10 o.b.o. 
Andrew 587-0673. (611-613) 

Goll clubs 2·SW, used 5 times. paid $280 sacrifice 
$200. Call Michael 481·5116. (611) 

Honda Interceptor, 1985. SOOCC. Rebuilt engine, 
great condition. low miles. $1 .400 O.b.o. Alvin 
458-1171 . (611·613) 

MUST SELL! snogun road BIKE, 12 speed. 21'. 
Snlmano parts. blue. EXC ELLENT condition. $185 
O.b.o.: Brother typewriter. word·spell. like newl 
$90: lOIidoak computercleSk w/printershelf. $50. 
558-7806, (811,613) 

BMW 32Oi, 5spcl, wMe wllaupe interior. Immac. 
cond .. no mechanical problema. needs AC fixed. 
only 2 awners. aU maint. reamls avail. $3800'01 
best offer. very pretty car. 753-2106 (611-613) 

HOUSING 
Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
avaiIableJune;aHappiiances. washer/dryer, $995. 

~8. (513-613) 

FOI Sale-Condoa • WAlK UCSD. 2. 3 bedroome. 
2 car attached garages. Pool . tennis . Greal tit 
time buyer financing. Open Sundays and by 
appointment. REiMAX • Judith Haddox. Info 
anytime (819) 275-26t8. (518-613) 

Summer sublet. Fumished master bedIOorn. own 
bath. Mira Mesa hOuse. S35OImo. Cal Paul 5-49-
8642. (!5120-613) 

2 111 ... bedroom townhOuses available July and 
September. near UCSD. $11401mo, Nina 792-
&453. (5110-613) 

Female roommate wonted. Apt. Pacfftc 1Ieac:h. 
Own room. Large master. $35Oimo. + 1/2 util. 
Available July. CkIney 274·7359. (5110-611) 

Female roommate wanted: 2 lovely room. tor 
rent. _ tl 1laJph1. Vonl. Lucky. 1[)-15 mina 
from UCSD. Nlal and quiet neighborhood, own 
roomSlti1ated bethroom. $2751$300. pIeue call 
271-4318. Helen. (5113-613) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED lor lummerl Own room In 
3-bdrm. condo UTC area. Pool. laundry facilltiel. 
alC. $378 + 113 utilities. 587-2656. (5113-613) 

Tlll!sday, June 1, 1993 

Summer sublet. Ralphs shopping center. walk to 
groceries. other stores. across str .. t from campus. 
$271 · $407 50. depending on n2 013 people. Mid· 
June to mid·Sept. 452·6465. (5117-613) 

Own room for JUly/August · fumlshed. laundry. 
dishwasher. pool . In Playmorcondos. $340. Claire 
558·1781 . (5117-611) 

Two rooms in furnished house. $320 and $300 + 
deposit. West Mira Mesa, near 805 and UCSD. 
Washer, dryer, utilities included. Nonsmoking male! 
female. no pel. no drugs. 578·8683. (5117-611) 
MiSsion Hills, Summer rental with 4 students. 
Huge 5 bedroom house. June·September. $315 
mo. 574-&450. (5117-6/1) 

2 female roommates needed to share condo In 
Playmor area. Summer andlor continuing, 452-
6844. (5117-611) 

FOR RENT: 3 bedroom 2.5 bath condominium 
nearUCSD.Allappliances.3945CAMINOLINDO. 
July 1. $1250.00. 454-6462. (5117-613) 

LARGE BEDROOM lor SUMMER rent in a 
spacious 4 bedroom fumlshed house. Could be 
double. Off La Jolla Scenic Drive· walklbike to 
UCSD, BEACH. $3801monll1. 115 utililies . Jenn~er 
457-4452, (5120-6/1) 

Female roommate wanted. Trieste apanments. 
summer andior next year. Washer/dryer. Wall< or 
bike to campus. $2861mo. + 114 utilities. Available 
June 13. Gretchen 558-3687 or Cindy 558-9017. 
(5120·613) 

Three bedroom. 1.5 bath. East Gate Mall area, 
avaiiableJuly 1. Quietcanyon view. all appliances. 
wasner/dryer. pool. $11 OO/month $1000 deposit. 
581-8353 or page 588·4442. (5120-6/3) 

3 bedrooms. 2,5balh conclo. Pool. tenniS. garages. 
diShwasher. laundry. bike to UCSD. $1250. 757-
4268. (5120-611) 

Summer Sublet · 2 rQl!mmates needed to share a 
master bedroom. SHi5 month + 1/5 utility per 
person. Washer/dryer. Close to UTC. Vons. and 
buslines. Can 622-0961 . (5120-613) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for summer - 6115·911 . 
next year also if necessary! Own room in 3 bdrm 
condo UTC area. Pool. laundry facilities. etc. $328 
.1/3 utili ties (summer). 587·2656. (5113·613) 

2 rooms available for hall June thru July. In UC 
area, $330/mo, . 113 utilities. 10 minute bike from 
campus I Betsy 558-9207. (5124-613) 

ROOM AVAILABLE (starting June 15) in clean. 
spacious 1700 sq.lt. townhouse. less than 1 mile 
from campus. pool. reserved parl<lng. washer/ 
dryer. fully fumished. Non,smokers only. please. 
$4201month + 1/4 utilities. Please call Tom at 296· 
1386 or John at 457-9821 . (5124-613) 

VILLAS OF RENAISSANCE· 3 friendly. outgoing 
iuniors seek outgoing responsible female. Own 
room. Approx S3J0.$350 monlll. September to 
June. Gym, parl<lng . security. Non-smoker. Sue · 
622-96461Marie or Pearl· 622·91 1, . (5124-611) 

SUMMER ROOM RENTAL · Your own room Ina 
huge 48A13BA Mira Mesa house. $225.OOImo. 
June-Sept. only. Call Scott 578·3120. (5124-611) 
Wanted: Two people to share room for summer, 
June lS·Sopt 1. 10 min. walk to UCSD. pooVspa, 
washerldryer. garage. panially furnished. $260 
per person/mo, 458·0731 . (5124-613) 

Rooms for rent. Master ($350), regular ($3 to). 
Furnished Mira mesa house with lots 01 amenities. 
Close to shops. buses, etc. Pool. jacuzzi. Available 
June t 5. Call Paul 549·6642. (611 ,613) 

Summer Sublet: 2 people to share master bedroom 
in Renaissance: bathroom/3 closets In room; 
washer/dryer. pools, gym. garage. $297.50 each 
+ 113 utilities. Kalina 455-5331 . (5124-613) 

Room for rent. Master bedroomlbedroom. Comer 
of Regents and Gene .. e. $450-$600. 457-()3Q.4. 
perl<ing, ASAP. (5124,613) 

Summer Sublets. Big 4 bdrm house. University 
City. Large Single room $350 + 114 Utilities. Master 
bdrm and beth $375 • 1/4 util. or double for $200 
ea. + 1/5 util , Closeto UCSD, buslins and shopping. 
July I -Sopt. 1. Call 625-0720 for Michelle or 
Adriana. MalelFemale OK. (5124-611) 

Spacious townhouse at UTC for rent: 4 bedrooms. 
2 bathrooms. carport. SI4751mo. for summer or 
year. 458·4232. Available July 1st or earlier 

, (negotiable). (5124-613) 
MASTER BEDROOM available in 11 00 sq. It. luxury 
condo for summer. Close to school. busline. All 
amenities. Considerate. friendly non-smokers call 
558·8057. Single or share. $ negotiable· o.b.o. (5/ 
24-613) • 

3 bedroom condO off Eastgate Mall available 
September, Pool. washer/dryer. SI140/mo. Nina 
792·6453. (5127-613) 

3 bedroom condo near La JoU. Vilage Square 
available September. garage. $13001mo. Nina 
792·6453. (5124-613) 

Roommate wanted to share Irg. apt. in PacifiC 
BeaCh. 8 min. to UCSD. Own roomlbatn, $375.00 
but nego. Pets, smks. okay, Avail. June 15. Nancy 
581 -2819. (5127-613) 

AoOInmate needed as of Juna 6 to< SUI11n"« or 
(preferably) longer. FuUy fUmished townhOlne. wak" 
UCSD. $365.OOImonth. Roy 452-8836. (5127-611) 

Female roommate needed June 15·Sept. 15 to 
share fUmlshed tcwnhOme nearschooi with 40thers, 
$3OOJmonth. Morgan 452-8836. (!>27 ·611 ) 

LIVE IN DEL MARl Room in condo. $3261mo. 
Pool. hottub.laundry. MlF.Johnnie 461·4345. (5/ 
27·613) 
FOR RENT - Single room for female In Pepper 
Canyon Apls. lor Fall 93 ONLY. Megan 457-8091. 
(5127-613, 

SUMMER HOUSING: Own roomlballl in nice 2 bt. 
In UTClUCSD. 457-1067. (5127-613) 

CHEAP FUN this summer I Female roommate 
wanted to share masler bedroom in 2 slOry condo 
near campus , Only $220/month. Call Beth 558-
7658 or All 458-6879. (5127-613) 

2 Female roommates wanted 10 snare large 
unfurnished master bedroom with own bath In 2 
bedroom apt across from Ralph's · 2 bloCks Irom 
UCSD lor fal l '93 to spring '94. $282 per person + 
113 utilities each willl std. 6 mo, adv. pey't. Call 
452-6028. Alter Frl .. May 28th call (714) 249-
2708. Don't hesitate to call coHect. (5127-613) 
Roommate(s) wanted for summer. 1 bedroom In 3 
bedroom apt. Del Mar, 1 person S4OO. 2 people 
$275 each. 1 blockto beach. Pooi.free cable. 259-
4592 Jeff or Paul. (5127-611) 

Villas of Renaissance Summer Sublet 6115·9/ 
15. Own room in 3BD/2BA. pools. jacuzzis. 
gym. washer/dryer. parking garage. $335/ 
month + 1/3 utilities. Call Cindy or Melissa 558-
1321 . (5/27-6/3) 

Summer sublet In large UTC apartment • La 
Regencia. Two people to share master bedroom 
or awn room $2401$440. All amenities · gym. spa. 
pools . AlC. washer/dryer in the apt! Ava~able mid· 
June · Sepl.l . Call 625-0916. 15127-613) 
Summer Sublet· 2 people toshare master bedroom 
in 3BR townhouse near Von'slUTC. Balcony. 
washer/dryer. pool. $2251mo, + pan utilities, (July 
l-mid·Sept.) Call 558-S909. (5127-611) 

A house In Del Mar. Walking distance to Ihe 
beach. Fully furnished. Double rm. $570 or single 
rooms for $260 and $310. Call for Info 792-6402. 
Ask for Ara or Derek. (5127-613) 

SoianaBeach , cozy~anment. 2bedrooms . partial 
ocean view. yard. fence, near beach. 259-8217, 

~5127-&3) 

Two rooms available In a large 4 bedroom 
house. Next to Pacilic BeaCh, beautifu l view 
over Mission Bay,goOd neignborhoOd. Wasner/ 
dryer. nice home. $375. month to month. 273· 
8311 . (5/27-6/3) 

Rooms for rent in spacious house across streel 
from UCSD. Call for inlo. 552-0920. (5127-613) 

Summer Sublet. Large master suite wNireplace in 
new 3 bdrm. condo. Private bath wlawn iacuzzi 
tub. Washer/dryer. pool . spa, par1<Ing. $400 mo. + 
utilities. $350 to share. $SO extra iffurnished. Luke 
@622·9541 . (5127-&3) 
Two gl~s needed to share large master bedroom 
in spacious condo 1 mie from UCSD. S3251mo. + 
1/3 utilities. Tennis. pool. racquetball. jacuzzi and 
garege InclucI8CI. Call 453-8343. (5127-613) 

Master bedroom to rant summerllonger, Includes 
washer/dryer. dishwasher, microwave. Also gym. 
pools. spas. lots more. More info 558-8732. 
$372.50 share balhroom. $400.00 own bathroom. 
(5127-613) 

Roommates wanted: $28511 • $57012. Can be 
friends or single. Nice apt. in new bldg, including 
bulll·in wash/dry. room w/ bath. security bldg .. 
pool & jacuzzi. great gym. close to Vons & 34Abus 
stop. CaU Tom at 457-8123. (5127-613) 
Room available for summer. Very dose 10 UCSD. 
busllne. shopping centers. Spacious, near, own 
balcony. nice view, parl<lng, pool . hot tub. WID. 
friendly roommates. $375. Female nonsmoker 
preferred. 622-0098. (5127-613) 

NEXT YEAR: 1 or 2 female roommate(s) needed. 
Master bdrm. UTC condo. $3931$275 + 113 util. 
587-2656, (5/27-613) 

Summer roommates wanted. SpacIOus. w~h pool. 
jacuzzi. patiO. garage. laundry. 5 minute drive to 
school or shullie. dose to shopping. pels welcome. 
$3045. 587-4725. (5127-613) 

Summer rental. University City house. 5 bedroom. 
3,5 bath. pool . spa. $15951month. Leah 625-
0720. (5127-613) 

Spacious room. Summer beach homeon Nautilus 
SI. One or two persons. 112 block to beach. 
Available June 12, Fumlshedlwastler dryer/quiet. 
5290 share or $500 single. 456-9334. (5127~1) 

2BA12 BA house. Leucadia: coast bus access. 
Pool. Seclusion. 8/93-8194. $1000 mo. 943-0703. 
(5127-613) 
For rent/lease. Norlh Pari<. $250.00 + utilities. 1 
bedroom/I bath. 370sqf. new. separate entrance. 
air conditioned. refrigerator & microwave in private 
home. Oulet. secure neighborhood. streetparldng. 
5-mlnute walk to public laundry & transportation. 
2o-mlnute drive to campus. Seeking female, non· 
smoking. no pelS. no Illegal drugs. lor mOlll benefits 
& detais call eYes 299-8304, (5127-613) 

LOFT · beautiful 5 1/2 redwood with mattress. 
Ideal for room· mates and small spaces. Call 467-
0566. (5127,611) 

Need a room for !he summer? $300 • Sublel. 
fumisheclroom In 4BR University Citytouse. Washer/ 
dryer. cable TV, own phOne. cool housemat8S. Mod 
student win be gone 6/22·9115. Rent and dates 
negotiable, Call me! Andrea 558-2545. (5127·613) 

Room available forSlJmmerl Perfect plaCe to l1aytor 
summer. close to everything In dWntwn La Jolla and 
beach, Bright end charming. 459-0370, (5127-&3) 

Summer Sublet. Own furnlsned room+bath. Pool. 
washer/dryer. close 10 UCSD. Vons, atc. 
$340mo .• 114 utll. C811 558-2402. (611 ·613) 

SUMMER SUBLET: Have own fumished room In 
spacious. spl~·leveI 3 bed, 2.5 bath townhouse. 2 
decks. waaherldryer. pool. parl<ing. Near bus, S ' 
min: UCSo/UTC, GREAT RooMMATESI 558· 
7806, (611·613) 
Del Mar: Spacious room In tully fumlshed aptmt. 
TenniS, pool. sauna. jacuzzi. 112ml. from beach. 
Cable TV, dishwasher. washer/dryer. Available 
now $325, Call 259-9t21 . (811 ) 

The 'UCSD Guardian 

Own room (furnished/unfurnished) . batnroom. 
balcony. Wanted female non·smoker to share 
2 bedroom. 2.5 batnroom condO. Amenities: 
washer/d ryer. dlsnwasher. IIreplace . etc , 
Recreationallacllities. Available July 1. $4251 
month plus 1/2 utili ties . refundable deposit. 
Cheaper than living on campul and nicer I 
457-3830. (811,813) 

Wanted: Person to share a house In Del Mar .. 111 
6 females beginning 9193. 558-4718. (611 -613) 
Don't want to get stuck in the dorms? Want to be 
cIoae to campus? $3OOImo.+utl. wiNget youtherel 
Spacious private room In huge condo w/spa. Call 
546·8681 • availability negot. (611-613) 

Girl wanted to share double room In the 
Renaissance for FALL OUARTERONL YI Pamela 
558-3001 . (611 ,613) 

Almost fr ... rent! 2bdr. house. Windansea Beach. 
La Jolla. $1 OOImo. forthe summer. To people who 
love dogs! Aner summer one room sublet possible. 
Anclrel 459-3298. (611 -613) 

00 you have an extra room in your apt. or condo 
available in Sopt.? I need a place to live starting 
next falll Eric 558-7708. (611 ·613) 
Villas of Renaissance. Oneltwo roommate(s) 
wanted lor summer rental. Washer/dryer. garaged 
parl<lng. pools , gym, campus bikeable. next 10 
UTC. $244 mo. (double) ; $488 mo. (slngle).1 /4 
utilities. 622-9619. (611-613) 

WOW! Fall in love with huge 1930's style house! 
Quiet cul·de·sac. Has pool . spa, lenced yard , 
all appliances plus fireplace & hardwood floors , 
3bdl2ba. we're looking for a roommate . you r 
own room. or you can share. 5300.sec, dep .• l/ 
4 utilities. Call Jennifer at 275·4571 . Goldan 
HilI. (611-613) 

Apanmentor condo nee<ledforsummersublet.1 -
2 bdrm, Call Mahsa 558-2017. 1611 -613) 
Clairemont$300mo .• 1I3util, Large room. 3bdrm. 
nouse. yard. Quletcul-de-sac. lmrnecl. avail. 273-
4236. (611 -613) 

Roommatewantedfornextfall.l mile from campus. 
Share huge master bedroom, own bathroom. w/ 
garage+washerldryer. Great deal. $260 mo. Call 
Dennis 546-9355. (611-613) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED for second 
summer school session or entire summer. Only 
$275 mo. lor beautfful Las Palmas 3 bedroom. 2 
story condo wlpool. Call Amy 558·9017 or Lisa 
453-6663. (611·613) 
Roommatawanted 7/1-8/31 . 3br. cancio U.C, M/F, 
Nlal ' Single or Share. Near all. $335. 457-8371 , 
(611-613) 

FEMALE NEEDED. OWN ROOM. Looking for 
housing next winUspring? Ca. Kim 450-9279. (61 
1-613) 

SUMMER ROOM NEEDED for July in female 
apanment. Please call SiobIlan at 622-1903. (611-
613) 

La JolialUCSD: $270 mo. Quiet. considerate 
female non· smoker, Serious stUdent preferred. 
Share very dean. furnisned or unfurnished master 
bedroom. awn batt1 . walking closet. washerldryer. 
cable TV, beautiful exercise faCility. 455-1770. (61 
1-613) 

La Jolla Colony: Short term renterslVacationers ; 
5100 per week. Available now till June 20. 
Furn ished large bedroom, own bath In very nice 
apanment. cable. gym. pools. spa. parl<lng , 
laundry. 455·1 no, (611-613) 

UTCI\JCSD: $250 share; $430 own. available 
June 15. call J. 550·0273. (611-613) 

Female non-smol<er. $300 own room+bath.l /4 
utilities. University City. Judy. Lisa or Bettina. 597-
0742. (611-613) 

Summer SUbiel Essigate area $350+113 utifities, 
June 15·Sept 15. Pool. spa. all amenities. Bike to 
school 622-1142 Tyson. (611-613) 

La JollaIUCSD two bedrooms available July to 
share three bedroom townhouse near UTC and 
UCSD. Pool and laundry. $350 permonthNcht11 
3 utilities. Call Bren 558-~. (611-613) 

Summer sublet: prime locatIOn. Walklblke to 
UCSD. Single $325. double $2751ea. Call 457-
0773. (611·613) 
Beach house ' share large La Jolla Shores hOlne 
with5grad students, Private room & beth. laundry, 
busline, ocean. Non·smoker. $345+ 116 utilities. 
454·0522 or 551 -9589. (611,613) 
Wanted: Two people to share master bedroom In 
townhouse near Vons. $22Sea, 558·8909 or 622· 
9041. (811) 

CHEAP SUMMER SUBLET! Univ. City · only 
$235 mo .• 116 utifilles. Female to share room June 
13-Sept. 18. Call 546-9456. (611-&3) 

Carmel Valley: Hollstically·consclous. mature, 
chemical free. non·sexist. vegolarian preferred 
for quiet house. S3751month. 792-5898. (611-613) 
Want you own room and bath just tor summer 
school? (or entire summer) All utilities included I 
Cable. HBO. 5 min , from campus. fumished or 
unfurniShed. $395 mo. 625-0664. (811-613) 
FREEl Well aCfually $690 mo. 2 bedroom 2 bath 
summer condo. all utilities included. Clalremont. 
272·8758. (611·613) 

Room for rent: Own bedroom and bath, near 
campus, on bus line. $300 mo. 453·7449. (611, 
6/3) 
Cheap summer sublet - 2 bedroom. 6115·9115. 
near UCSD. UTC. 5550. util~ies Included. Call 
587 -2151 . (611-&3) 
1 room · La Jolla Colony. 3bdI2ba, laundry. pooV 
spa. 5320 wlgarage. $300 wlo. Don/lan. 622-
0929. (611 -613) 

CLASSfFIEDS 13 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

l!{41 ')$1 ~ 
DRAFT1,....tb 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY • DARTS 
4240 LA J 

call 
VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

7-1414 ext. 6220 

What tlangs Four 
and Loves Wax? 

., 

Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball , 
blondes, and 
convertibles. 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they ' re 
gone forever. Comes Motors ha even '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cassette 
that ' ll blow your doors off. And with specia l no-down 
payment, low monthly payment , first-time buyer, and 
college grad programs, they' re easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at San Diego 's European Auto Center 
and regi ste r to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.* 

Seethe 
All New 
Jettall/ 
Today! 

CORNES MOTORS 
San Diego's Eur.;p;;;;;;-Auto Center 

Special 
VWlow 
Payment 

Planl 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile West of 1-15 
• M~" til' Incr 1M If'IoJ I\'\!o.klllt,f f" _lit! ,lid C \ ltl\Cf'lI. klrtJ"~ ' ,I J\lf\1M..r ArlT'>..an Int'nftf 



· ' .JPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June] , 1993 

Chud< Ng\Iyen/ Guattliw! 
Robyn lnaba teamed up with Miki 
Kurokawa In women'. doubles. 

Fall Sports -

Jason R,lCnli@/ r.:,uom,.., 
All-American Chris Moore led the 
men'. basketball team In scorl .... 

Swimming 
& Diving 

Laurie Boyd Women's Soccer Katy Dulock 
Water Polo 
Mike Nalu 

Winter Sports 
Dan McDoweIi/ Guardran 

Travis Miller, a four·tlme All-American, paced his team to a second-place finish In the NCAA Championships. 

Adam Burgasser 
Jamee Couch 
Allison Dunn 
Mark Fahlan 
John Flowers 
Judd Glasser Basketball 

Chris Moore 

&prine Sports 
Golf 1993 TRITOn OLL -OMEHI[JInS Julie Goldstein Andy Hollywood Jill Jackson Sabrina Lum 

Mike McNeff 
Dustin Matthew 

Travis Miller 
Mike Pahland 
Carrie Parker 

Dale Abraham 
Jeremy Moe 
Pete Roberts 
Brock Shafer 
Men's Tennis 
Jeff Bethard 
John Cross 

Women'. Tennis 
Miki Kurokawa 
Robyn Inaba 
Water SkIing 
Duane Gee 

Cycling 

With the 1992-93 year almost complete, The Guardian 
takes this opportunity to honor these athletes, who 
haye been offtclally recognized by the NCAA for their 

superior perfonnances. 

Connie Romero 
Jocelyn Rothbard 
Taylor Spangler 

Gabe Speyer 
Sheri Takeuchi 
Patti Thompson 
Track & field 

Patrick Foy 
Matt Inskeep 

Jeff Taylor 
Erica Washington 
Curtis Williams 

Jeff Winkler 
Women's Water Polo 

Julie Swail 
Alison Westfall 

Repairs 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

[TifYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyunda 
HONDA lI.V'I"r.~." ~ Mltsubishl Isuzu Acura 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29~g.$55) 
1. Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 

2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4 . Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check ciutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
C

. Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 
1. ompresslon test 
2. Valve adiustment t1. Adjust timing 20. Lube Iront end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. Adlust dwell angle 21 . Check &, replenish all batteries. il necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. Adlust carburetor lIutd & 0,1 levels 29 Rotate tires Ilf needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14. Adiust air & luel ratio 22, Check electrical system 30: Check li re pressure 
5. DIstributor points. mixture 23. Check lor loose & lost 31 , Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steering box bolts 32, Check all holders 
7. Air Iiller. 16. Ad/ust clUlch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oil IiIler. t7. Ad/ust brakes 25, Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas lilter, and 1 B. AdJust emergency brakes 26. Check lights 34, Check exhaust system 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road test 

belts lor damages 
Note" lor 6-cyllnder cars add 520. Toyota Supras. add 530 Datsun 200SX wIth 8 spark plugs. add S35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg . $80) 
We replace ' Front or rear. 

1. Transmission input shalt 4, Th'rowoutbearing 1. ~si~~~sr,~~I;r~t::~~s Brake job includes: 
seal (except Hondas) 5. Pliot beanngs 2. Drain old brake lIuid 6. AdJustlront (,I drums) 

2. Pressure plate 6, New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydraulic system 7. Replace Iront rotor 

4. Rel"l hydraulic lIuid sea ls (il rotor, turn) 
NOIe: Hydraulic pans are nol covered. Not fOf 4WD. Front wheel 
drive extra. 

5, Bleed entire brake system B. Road test 
NOle' Hydfaullc parts are not tnduded. 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

·most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

•••••• 6. 8008 Miramar Rd. 695·1990 Wdh this ad. ElCjlires 6113/93 Call lor appointment. 

at the 

J4·60ur 
'tudy PRICE 

'ounge CENTER 
June 6th to June 11th, 1993 

Open all day and all night 
Study lounge Hours will begin Sunday, June 6 in the 

Price Center Library Lounge and adjoining 
conference rooms. Free coffee and snacks will be provided 

from 12 midnight to 6 a.m. The Gameroom will also be 
open till 2 a.m. during the same period. 

Tue8day , June 1, 1993 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chanlbers, 
Price Center, Third Floor. Come and 
get involved!! 

GUM BALLS IN THE PRICE CENTER! 
Get your colorful, tasty, chewy 
bubble-gumballs in the Price Center 
Food Court. Sponsored by the 
ASUCSD Enterprises. 

SUN GOD FEST T-SHIRTS 
These incredible T-shirts sold out 
immediately at the Sun God Fest. 
If you didn 't get yours, we're giving 
you a second chance! If interested, 
come by the ASUCSD offices on 
the Th ird Floor in the Price Center. 

ENROLLMENT CUTS?! 
The ASUCSD Council is being 
asked to take a position on enroll-
ment cuts and fee hikes. If you 
have an opin ion on these issues 
contact your GO liege senator or 
anyone on AS Council. Or make 
your voice heard at the AS Council 
meeting. 

STUDENT RIGHTS? 
The Student Advocate Office is 
your answerl We assist students in 
cases against professors, staff, 
the administration , etc. We defend 
student rights I Call 534-0476, 
24 hrs. AS offices, 3rd floor Price 
Center. 

PAID PR POSITION! 
ASUCSD Public Relations is looking 
for a Posting/ Distribution person to 
post flyers, banners, posters, etc. 
The position is paid. Applications 
available in the AS offices, Price 
Center, Third Floor or call 534-
4450 and ask for Kurt Marek. 

CAMPUS-WIDE COMMITEES 
Apply for a position on a campus-
wide commitee. Applications are 
available in the ASUCSD offices , 
third floor, Price Center. Or call 
Greg Bakken at 534-4450 for 
more information. 

FEE HIKES? BUDGET CUTS? 
Come to the ASUCSD External 
Affairs meeting on Tues, June 1 at 
5:30 pm in the External Affairs 
Office. Fee hikes, enrollment and 

, budget cuts, and the future of 
higher education in California will 
be discussed . Learn what you can 
do to help and voice your opinion 
to those who represent you. 

PAID POSITION!!! 
Be the Director of Advertising for 
a new service-AS Ads. Assist 
various campus media to find 
advertising funds on and off 
campus. For more information 
call 5344450 and ask for Greg 
Bakken or John Christenson. 

A NEW AmruDE FOR ANIMALS 
Second general meeting will be 
held Monday, May 31 at 8:00 
pm in Peterson Hall Rm 103. 
Baked goods will be servedl 
Please come out if you're a 
vegetarian and/or interested in 
ANIMAL RIGHTSI For more 
information call 622·1903. 

The UCSD Guardian 

PUBUC RELATIONS POSITIONS 
Interested in Public Relations? 
Positions are available in 
ASUCSD. Publicity Manager, 
Events Manager, Editorial 
Services, Graphics Design and 
Desktop Publishing pOSitions 
are open. Applications avail-
able in the AS offices, Price 
Center, Third Floor or call 534-
4450 for more information. 

ENTREPENEURS WANTED 
All those interested in working in 
Management, Sales, Advertising, 
etc. Call 534-4450 and ask for 
Greg 

KAIBIGANG PIUPINO 
End of the year video show! 
Thursday, June 3, 6:3(HO:00pm. 
Solis Hall 107. Refreshments 
provided. Come by for a study 
break. 

GET INVOLVED WITH ASUCSD 
Learn what you can do to get 
involved in the Associated Stu-
dents. Positions are currently 
available in Public Relations, 
Advertising, and on Campus-Wide 
Commitees. Applications are 
available in the ASUCSD offices, 
third floor, Price Center. Or call 
534-4450 for more information. 

ExTENDED STUDY HOURS AT UGL 
The Udergraduate Library will have 
extended study hours (in the South 
Study Room) from June 4 to June 
11. Hours will be from 12 AM to 3 
AM . Sponsored by the undergradu-
ate library and ASUCSD. 

CHE' CAFE' EVENTS 
Music Night at the Che' 
Every Wednesday Night. Come to 
the Che's lat·night coffee house. 
Listen to the sweet sounds of 
Urban Wood, a two-person acous-
tic guitar band. Music begins at 
9:30 pm. Life begins when you 
get here. 

Poetry Night at Cafe'Diana 
Every Thursday at 10 pm . Looking 
for an audience, late·night ambi· 
ance, a life? Well, none of that 's 
here, but come in anyway. First-
time readers as well as the pros 
are welcome. 

Che' Cafe ' Meeting 
Every Monday at 6 pm . Want to 
learn about cooperatives? Veg-
etarianism? The Che ' is now hiring 
for next year, so don't wait, get 
involved nowl 

Cafe'Diana at the Che' 
Every Tuesday-Thursday, 9 pm - 2 
am. Don't miss out on the Che' or 
our coffeehouse. What's life 
without a little controversy? 
Anyway, we have coffee, teas, 
food, and poetries. (So what if it's 
not a word . It rhymes.) See you 
there! 

AII-U·Can-Eat-At-The-Che' 
Every Wednesday at 5 pm. Where 
else can you get good, healthy 
food? Well, why don't you check it 
out first. Money back gaurantee! 
Tamales, stir-fry, Ethiopian food. 
Stay at home; come to the Che' . 

For more information on any of the 
Che'events call 534-2311. 

Design the logo for 

KoalaWear 
$100 Prize 

ASUCSD is seeking submissions for logo designs for 
the new ASUCSD clothing line, Koala Wear. If your 
design is used, you will receive $100Jor the rights. 
Designs should be centered around the historical 
Koala mascot. Turn submissions into the ASUCSD 
offices on the third floor of the Price Center. 

ASUCSD VP Administrative 
Applications are now being accepted for this 
important position. All interested students 
may apply, Applications are available in the 
ASUCSD offices on the third floor of the 
Price Center or call 534-4450 for more info. 

A.S. Newsflashes Is produced by the Associated Students of UCSD. Student 
organizations may 8dvertise in the A.S .. Newsflashes by filling out the form 
located outside the A.S. Secretary's omce, third floor, PrIce Center. Submis-
sions are C;ue each Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 

T.G.I.O. 
Featuring: 

The 
Untouchables 

Frida.y 
J -u.ll..e 4th 

Price Center Plaza. 
5:00 pm 

AS Prograrri!.ning 

, 

Thurs. 
June 3 
tIC k e t s: 
$1 in advance 
$2 day of show 

Price Center Theatre · 
6:30 9:00 11 :30 
sponsored by AS Programmi 

Want more members for your 
ciub or organization? 

Want more customers for your business? 

I Then buy an ad in the 

NEW ST 
' . RECORD 

When new stllOents arrive next fall, the 
NoW Student Recorti will be one of the first 
things ttl": see. 
Full page 
112 page 
1/4 page 
lIB page 

$150 
$90 
$50 
$30 

Sponsored by Triton.Yearbook & ASUPSO 
Call the Triton Y88I'book at 534-7491. 

15 

• 



I 

163PORTS 

.JEfF 

PllRllIiIT 
It's Only J1Dle 
In the NL West 

Before all you Giants and Dodger 
fans go ordering the champagne, you 
might want to take a dose of reality 
here. June is upon us. and as anyone in 
baseball will teU you, it's June through 
September when pennants are won. 

As much as I hate to admit it, the 
Giants are not going to be able to hold 
on to their lead. Sure, their offense is a 
modem.<Jay version of Murderer's 
Row, starring Clark, Williams and 
Bonds. But thc:t pitching is eventually 
going to cost them. Staff ace John 
Burl<ett may have started the season at 
7-0, but the guy doesn't scare anyone. 
He just makes batters get themselves 
out He'll get knocked around his fair 
hare of times. Bill Swift is the only 

other quality starter Manager Dusty 
Bakef has in his arsenal, but the Giants 
have to pray that his arm holds up. 
Maybe Barry Bonds should join the 
rotation. They could use a solid lefty 
and get their $43 million worth, too. 

It's never been a secret that Atlanta 
has the best starting rotation in baseball. 
They've got John Smoltz, Tom Glavine, 
Steve Avery and Greg Maddux - aU 
Cy Young material. It doesn't matter 
that the Braves are barely hitting over 
the Mendoza line when these guys are 
tossing shutouts all the time. 

I bet there are a lot of people 
jumping on the Dodgers' billxtwagon 
right about now. That II-game winning 
streak has propelled them all the way up 
to three whole games over the .500 
mark. If they had the Braves' pitching, 
maybe they'd be a threat, because 
nobody could hit the ball to their 
pathetic defense. Instead, they have 
Orel, who is never going to be as good 
as he was. Ramon Martinez can be 
awesome one day, and batting practice 
the next. Tom Candiotti is a pitching 
machine for Little Leaguers, and Kevin 
Gross? I don't think so. Has anyone 
seen Darryl Strawberry or Eric Davis 
lately? Don't get too excited about this 
team, except when it battles Houston for 
fourth place. 

Houston doesn't have the hitting to 
keep up with the Braves and Giants, and 
Cincinnati doesn't have its mascot, 
Marge Schott, to put a scare into 
anybody. More importantly, Cincinnati 
doesn't have a competent front office to 
make those late-season trades vital to 
winning a pennant. Firing Tony Perez 
made about as much sense as betting on 
Buffalo to win a Super Bowl. As for 
America's sweethearts, the Padres, you 
can make advanced reservations for the 
big series with the Colorado Rockies 
near the end of season. Those battles for 
sixth place are always exciting. 

This leaves the Giants and Braves to 
battle it out. This race might be decided 
by whoever breaks his slump faster, 
Will Clark or Terry Pendelton. But 
remember, the Giants started the month 
of June in first place and finished the 
month in fourth place. There is no 
reason that can't happen again, although 
they wouldn't fall as far. Look for 
Atlanta to meet Philadelphia in the 
NLCS. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, June 1, 1993 

Five All-Americans Crowned 
TRACK AND FELit Matt In<'V .. .-. C3:1~ medal; Erica Washington takes second in 100 meters 

By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Rising enemy track and field stars have fi-
nally discovered a foolproof method to rid them-
selves of pesky Triton track speedster Erica 
Washington, versatile Man Inskeep, middle-dis-
lance gurus Pat Foy and Mark Yuen and titanic 
hammer thrower JeffTaylor.1lle solution comes 
none to soon in the eyes of fellow conference and 
national foes. It's called graduation. 

In the fmal meet of their college careers, these 
athletes along with eight other Triton competitors 
made the trek east to the Division ill National 
Track and Field Championships held at Baldwin-
Wallace University in Berea, Ohio, last week. 
1lle women fmished tied for 19th place ( 12 points 
), and the men ended up II th with 18 points. 

Senior Washington qualified fourth on 
Wednesday for the ~meter final (25.01) and 
went on to take fifth in Friday's final (24.91). 

Afterqualifying fifth in the l00-meters (12. 18) 
on Thursday, Washington showcased her spe-
cialty by speeding to her fastest time of the year 
in Saturday's final (12.11), but could not over-
take the new Lincoln University speed champion 
Shawna Hardy (11.96). Her second-place finish 
eamedWashingtonherlOthAII-Americanhonor 
in her four-year UCSD career. 

"[Washington] decided to run both [events], 
instead of just concentrating on the 100. She ran 
her second-fastest time ever in the 200 and ran 
great in the 100," said Head Coach Tony Salerno. 

Also living up to expectations was All-Ameri-
can Matt Inskeep, the 1993 Division ill decathalon 
gold-medal winner. 

Inskeep was in second place after 
Wednesday's first five events, which included 
the 100 meters (11.24), long jump (22'4"), shot 
put (3T5"),highjump (6'3") and the 400 meters 
(50.26). He quickly seized the lead during 
Thursday's finale, which consisted of thelOO-
meter hurdles ( 15.67), discus ( 115'4'" pole vault 
(14'4"), javelin (173'6', and the 1,500 meters 
(4:36.93). Inskeep outpointed second-place fin-
isher Tom Reason (7,002 points) of Albion Col-
lege to capture first with a total of 7,014 points. 

four-time All-American ErIca Washington captured second In the 100 meters on Saturday. Inskeep's total set a new UCSDschool record, 
previously held by John Serrano (6,990 points), 
set in 1980. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
BASEBALL: The Guardian 

takes a look at Head Coach Lyle 
Yates, the most successful 

baseball coach in Triton history. 
,...11 

AWARDS: Forty-two Tritons 
were named to the 1992-93 All-
American team; seniors Jamee 
Couch, Sabrina Lorn, Jocelyn 

Rothbard and Erica Washington 
captured their fourth straight All-
American awards. ,...14 

Triton Jeff Taylor qualified third with a marie 
of 187 '5" in the men 's hammerthrowon Wednes-
day, and teammate Curtis Williams barely 
squeezed into Friday's final in 12th position 
(168'8"). But Taylor fell well short of his best 
(20 I ' I ") in the finals, winding up fifth with a 
throw of 188'5". Williams moved up to eighth 
place with a mark of 174'2". Both garnered Al1-
American honors. 

Pat Foy also gathered All-American honors 
in the 800 meters, finishing sixth in 1:52.71. 
Teammate Mark Y uen did not make the 800 
meter finals, despite running a faster qualifying 
time, due to the meet selection process. 

Other national competitors for the Tritons 
included Renee Sprowl (12th in long jump, 
I T2",triplejump, 35'8.75'" WafaHanna (ninth 
in the 3,<XX> meters, 10:23.65), Stefan Wynn 
(1,500 meters, 3:59.4) and John Castner in the 
5,000 meters. Damian Coleman, who finished 

ChUCk N',IIyen/GUMdIBII sixth in last year's event, reinjured his ankle and 
Two-time soccer AlI-AmerIcan Katy DuIock. did not mark in the triple jump. 

1beWeek 
No events are scheduled. 


