
Elsewhere 

Students Arrested 
For Stolen BIcycles 
SANTA BARBARA- UCSB 
Campus Police recovered more 
than $5,000 worth of stolen 
bicycles and softball equipment 
after arresting five students in 
an on-campus dorm room early 
last week. Three of the students 
were also charged with a Feb. 7 
break-in at the UCSB softball 
team's storage shed that 
re ulted in the loss of $600 
worth of equipment. The 
suspect will be arraigned on 
May 5. The penalty could range 
from probation, county jail to 
the tate penitentiary, according 
to Santa Barbara District 
Prosecutor Jerry Franklin. 

Student Group to 
Lobby Lawmakers 
DAVIS - A group of UCD 
students has created the 
ASUCD Student Lobby Corps. 
Led by Student Regent-
Designate and State Lobby 
Director Darby Morrisroe, the 
team is dedicated to going to 
the state capitol on a regular 
basis and will be committed to 
officially representing the 
interests of students from all 
UC campuses. Because UC 
Davis is the campus nearest to 
Sacramento, it bears the most 
responsibility for visiting 
legislators and making the 
tudents' presence felt there, 

according to Morrisroe. 

Students Clamor 
To Retain Lecturer 
SANTA BARBARA- In 
response to a recent decision by 
the UCSB administration not to 
renew Black Studies Lecturer 
Otis Madison's three-year 
contract, members of various 
student groups organized a 
letter-writing and petition 
circulation to show administra-
tors community support for 
Madison, according to Black 
Student Union secretary Renee 
Starling. Administration 
members have yet to meet to 
review the need for Madison 's 
current position. 

Inside 

SHADES 
OPINION: Terms like 
' people of color' exclude 
more than they include. 51 

SPORTS: The UCSD 
Women's track team won 
the ci ty campion ship. 18 

Index 
UC D BRIEFS .. .. .. .. .... .. .. .. ...... 2 
CALVIN & HODDE .. .. .. .. ........ 2 
OPINIOI .... .. ... ............ ......... 4 
CALENDAR .. .... .. ...... .. .. .. .. ... 10 
CLAS IFIED .. ............ .. .. .... 12 

PORTS .............. .. .......... .. .. 16 

, H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, APRll.. 26, 1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 9 

SPECIAL REPORT: DC NUCLEAR LABORATORIES 
PART 1 OF2 

Finances Force 
A.S. President 
To Leave Post 
COUNCIL: A.S. president-elect 
Siwabessy will resume duties in 
fall; Tesak will be interim president 
By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

Associated Students President-elect 
Randolph Siwabessy announced Friday that he 
will take a temporary leave of absence from his 
position for the remainder of Spring Quarterdue 
to personal financial troubles. The decision is 
effective today. 

The 'new world order' has increased the tension between the 
university, the nuclear weapons laboratories and their neighbors 

A.S. Vice President Administrative Carla 
Tesak will assume the role of president during 
Siwabessy's absence and will appoint omeone 
to take over her position. 

By Francisco DeVries, News Editor Explaining his financial situation, Siwabessy 
said, "Basically. this quarter I was under the 
impression that I would be able to pay my fees. 
However, I found out last week that I wasn't 
going to be able to. 

The University 

(ofcalifomia) now 
lIWIages tine of the 

most important national 

Iabotatories: Lawrence 

Uvennore National 

Labotatory (UHL) and 
Los Alamos National 

Laboratory, which have 

together desI&)MNI and 
tested nearty every 

ru:Iear weapon the 

United States now has 
In Its atomic stoc:IcpIIe. 

he explosion began with a burst of light 
more brilliant than ever seen before on 
earth. So brilliant that people over 250 
miles distant turned their heads and pro-
tected their eyes from the flash. It was 
quickly followed by a powerful shock 
wave that blew men off their feet 6 miles 
away. Then came the roar, a deafening, 
thunderous earthshaking blast of sound 
heard for 50 miles. At ground zero a patch 
of sand a half a mile wide was turned into 
a green glass-like substance, melted from 
the heat of the world's first nuclearexplo-
sion. 

1. Robert Oppenheimer, the project's lead scientist and 
coordinator, said that as the wind and light faded to reveal a 
mushroom cloud rising nearly 30,000 feet into the early 
morning sky, he was reminded of an old Hindu quotation: 

"I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds." 
Oppenheimer was a theoretical physicist for the University 

of California, Berkeley. His work on the secret Manhattan 
Project, which culminated in the world's frrst nuclear explo-
sion on July 16, 1945, has forever changed the world. 

The University ofCaIifomia has remained at the forefront 
of that change since it lent its money, time and minds to the 
secret project tucked away in northern New Mexico. 

The university now manages three of the most important 
national laboratories: Lawrence Livermore National labora-
tory (LLNL) and Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), 
which have together designed and tested nearly every nuclear 
weapon the United States now has in its atomic stockpile. 

The third, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory (LBL), is a 
somewhat smaller lab that does no nuclear weapons-related 

See LABS, Page 8 

"I was thinking of just staying on for the next 
six weeks [without being an enrolled student), 
butl was under pre ure from theadn,ini:,ltdtion 
to leave because [to stay] would be unconstitu-
tional," he added. 

Siwabessy says he plans to continue working 
closely with Tesak, informally assisting the 
council with the co-op negotiations and A.S. 
autonomy. 

He said he expects to devote much of his time 
off to drawing up a proposal on student au-
tonomy to present to the administration. 

"This is not going to stop me from working 
for the students," he said. 

Siwabessy added that he wants to keep up on 
the issues so as to ensure a smooth transition 
when he resumes the presidency in the fall. 

"I feel really apologetic. I'm really sorry 
about this [decision to leave], I really am," 
Siwabessy said. 

He added that the council's overall response 
has been positive. "The people who know [that 
I am leaving] have been very accepting so far," 
he said. 

Siwabessy stood in as president at the transi-
tional meeting of the new A.S. council members 
last Wednesday, but Tesak will take over this 
week's meeting, which will be the last before 
the new council officially takes over. 

Tesak plans to temporarily serve as both 
See SIWABESSY, Page 3 

Activists Demonstrate Against Use of Animals in Research 
By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

A group of approximately 80 
animal rights advocates held a mock 
funeral and marched along Torrey 
Pines Road on Saturday to protest 
the use of animals in laboratory 
testing. 

Thedemonstration, organized by 
San Diego Animal Advocates, led a 
procession of black-clad protesters 
from Salk Institute, past UCSD and 
then to the Scripps Research Foun-
dation. All three institutions use 
animals in medical research. 

The activists gathered at noon 
near the Salk Institute to begin their 
"funeral procession." Many pro-
testors wore T-shirts with "anti-vivi-
section" on the front and on the 
back, the definition: '''Drugging, 
burning, blinding , binding, 
insection, addiction, shooting and 
surgical mutilation of healthy ani-
mals." 

Dr. Donald Barnes, a former U.S. 
Air Force animal research psycholo-
gist, was the keynote speaker for 
the event. . 

Barnes aid he had been doing 

experiments on primates for 16 years 
before he had a change of heart. 

"I was conditioned into believ-
ing that we had the moral obligation 
to humans to use non-humans for 
research purposes," he said. Barnes 
explained that he felt the studies he 
lind his colleagues were conducting 
were inefficient and wasteful. 

"At that point, I asked myself 
how I had helped humans by vivi-
secting monkeys, and I realized that 
I could not answer that question," 
he said. 

Barnes also said that the cancer 

mortality rate today is the same as it 
was four decades ago. "Hundreds 
of millions of animals have been 
killed in orderto do cancer research, 
and the battle is still being lost," he 
added. 

Barnes now serves as the direc-
tor of education of the National 
Anti-Vivisection Society based in 
Chicago. He travels around thecoun-
try writing, lecturing and debating 
on behalf of animal activists. 

Members of the Anti-Vivisec-
tion Society attest that all species are 

See ANIMALS, Page 3 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

ETCETERA. 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

CURIO"IT~ IS "rnt. e:sSE~(E. r~ £\(Nt'li>lE . 'Iou I'.~ 
cr- -m£ '5(1E.l'\TIFIC lo\l~D . ~ t.\IL~ C~E'i> OJT 

'1~lt !-lOSE. W '(()J LMJ61\ 
"'"1\£ ~lt-I~II'o\G-? 

\TS ~ S(IIOOL (0~1t5r. 
'N£'R( '5I.lI'POS£D m 00 
IDFI=IC S"I=Ei~ POSTt.RS . 
1)\£ 't\\t-It-I£R GB'5 HI£ 

B\lC.\:.s: 

'tIElL. 1'111 G<:>I~G ,0 '5B:: 
,,~r w..P~t-\S '.'1\\£1'\ [ 
INllIo.lE. IIIll~ INTO \o\~ 

1.(05£ "~D \).~GI\! 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

• • 

soo~os GOOD . 
WMTS OUR 'f{INI{I~ 
\'oSTER GOlt'{G 

To 51>-'1 ? 

Jason Rltchle/Guaroian 
SDGE spokesman Michael Nesbit shows off a natural gas powered 
car during Earth Day festivities on Friday afternoon. 

~\t,= 

---~ Students Take a Day 
To Learn About Earth 
By Ten! Duggan 
Staff Writer 

UCSD celebrated Earth Day with 
a festival at the Hump last Friday, 
featuring speakers and performers 
who implored students to take bet-
ter care of the planet. 

The event's sponsor, the Student 
Environmental Action Committee 
(SEAC), designed this year's Earth 
Day with a multicultural theme to 
encourage acceptance and knowl-
edge of other cultures as well as 
promote environmental awareness, 
according to members John Bowl-
ing and Kim Duran. 

(nfomlation booths distributed 
environmental information around 
the Hump, and the vendors that de-
scended upon the gathering all had 
an environmentally sound attitude. 

"We try to make sure all our 
vendors are environmentally con-
scious," Bowling said. 

The Rain Forest Action Network, 
City of San Diego WaterConserva-
tion Program, City of San Diego 
Waste Management Department 
and Recycle Co-op were among the 
groups offering student informa-
tion on Earth-friendly ways of life. 

The Mexican folklore ballet, 
Mariachi dancing, Caribbean danc-
ers, music from Ecuador, the UCSD 
Gospel Choir and Gang Busters, a 
ka band, performed at the festival , 

keeping with theday 's multicultural 

theme. 
The Applied Mechanics and 

Engineering Sciences (AMES) de-
partment also made an appearance 
to present the AMES 156 senior 
project, an electric car. The car, 
which cost only $5,500 to build, has 
a top speed of 60 mph and peaks 
power of 30 horsepower. A student 
representative of the class aid that 
the car was built to "help get people 
aware of problems in the environ-
ment. This car causes lower noise 
pollution and no air pollution." 

Another highlight of the day was 
keynote speaker Jim Bell , a 
"freelance environmentalist" who 
travels around the country speaking 
about way to protect the Earth. He 
showed offhis solar cooker and sold 
"solar cookies" at Friday's event. 

Bell spoke to theEanh Day crowd 
about "how to live on the planet in 
economic feasibility without con-
flicting with ecology." 

He stressed that people "do not 
need to change what we do but 
change the methods we use to do it," 
such as using more Earth-friendly 
mining techniques. 

Bell added that being environ-
mentally safe would be more eco-
nomically feasible in a free-market 
system if the actual cost of damage 
done by production of environmen-
tally unsafe products was figured 
into the cost to the consumer. 

TIle UCSD GiaIJaIls pUlIlhed MoI'daj$ and ~ dlKi!'C VIe academic)ear ill' and for VIe studentS 
0/ UCSD. RepocIuaioo 0/ VIis newspaper In ~ fomI. _ In ..... <> In pat. wittcloIt pell11lssion ~ 
stJIcUy 1Jo/Iti1td. 0 1993. ill r'fU reseMd. TIle UCSD GuatfaIl ls Ill! responSillie for the I1!Il.m 0/ 
IIlSOIlcIIfd manusallXS <> art The Iitws eJpeSsed In ptks Inls/tledletttfs 0/ COfIY11e<lIOOes 00 not 

~ IeIItStnt VIe QI)iriOOS 0/ !he UCSD GuMIM. VIe ~ of california. or the ASsodaIeO 
SWOents. TIle UCSD ~ Is U1ded solely i7I ~ Si¥ CI)ode. )W're 0Ul1a beer -

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

--.. - ......., 
.-

BRIEFLY. •• 

First State-of-the-CampusAddress Planned 
In the first annual state-oHhKampus address, 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson, Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson and Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Madorie Caserio will address current 
campus issues along with A.S. President Mike Holmes 
and A.S. President-elect Randolph Siwabessy. The event 
is scheduled for Monday, May 3 in the Price Center Plaza 
and is open to all. 

Academy of Television Arts 
To Give Student Scholarships 

The San Diego Chapter of the National Academy of 
Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS) is seeking appli-
cants for scholarships to be awarded to San Diego area 
college students. 

Applicants must be enrolled in a course of study in 
one of the fields of the television industry. such as 
production, engineering, promotion, design and journal· 
ism. 

Eligibility is limited to students pursuing a course of 
study for a degree in the field of television at a college 
or university in San Diego County. Scholarships may be 
used for study in the sophomore, junior or senior year or 

i i.. i 

at the graduate leve l. 
Applications will be judged by a panel chosen by the 

NATAS San Diego Board ofGovemors. Recipients will be 
announced and recognized atthe chapter's 19th annual 
San Diego/ Southwestem Area Emmy Awards on Satur· 
day. June 5 at the Town and Country Hotel Convention 
Center in San Diego. 

Applications must be received by the San Diego 
Chapter no later than May 1. 1993. For applications or 
more information. write NATAS San Diego. P.O. Box 
80255. San Diego, CA 92138-0255 or call Jonathan 
Dunn-Rankin at 297·1388. 

Construction Will Restrict 
Acee .. to Two Campus Areas 

Because of construction work, the footbridge over 
Gilman Drive will not be accessible to wheelchair traffic 
starting today through August 27. Additionally, the 
sidewalk from the eastside of the footbridge north to the 
Cellular and Molecular Medicine service yard will be 
closed to pedestrian/bicycle traffic for approximately 
four months while work is underway on the Molecular 
Biology Research Facility, Unit III. 

The Guardian 
wBsthSI report 

· .. ·'il.til~tFl1?2itftY~#?$1mn~ 
, " , ... .. L .. .... . ........ . .,..1' It=_'"""" ..... """"~ ",,' ====_0ilI Water temp: 64· 
Mon: 77'/59· Tu .. : 73·/59· Wed: 70'/59· Ve.terday: 74·/58· 

Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 

PHIUP MICHAElS, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

DESIGN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
ILWSTRATORS: Mlcha Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan Erlln . Speed Farris. Jennifer 
Hart, Dominic LODbla. Alan Lundgren. Ad~ano Mul\oz. Katie Roe . AI Spong 
DESIGNERS: Joel ArnOld . Wilson Cheung. Marcus Lobbla. Christopher Lock 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: David ChO. Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Maltllews. 
Lori MitcheM. Chuck Nguyen. Jennifer Vann 
COPYREAO£RS: Michelle Chiang. Aron Mil ler. Jessie Springer. MaRan Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT: Brian K. Hutto 
ADVERTISING ASSIITANT: Tara Eo" 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEl. FOUIJlS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY. Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

SENIOR ITAFF WRITERS: Jenny Galang. Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson. Brett 
Rhyne. Michael Schwartz. Sheryl WOlcott 
STAFF _ITERS: Elaine Camuso. Krista Carpenter. Albert Garibaldi . Kirsten 
Halverson. BIII)I Hwang. Melissa Jacobs. Gaye Johnson. Rodet1ck Lee. Ben l8\llne . 
Wendy McNeill . Theresa Moore. Julie Pak. Paul Phillips. Jett prau&nt. EI)I RaDanl. 
Blair Ridley. Kara Saul. Rltu Saxena. Bree Segel. Alexa J. Sherman. Karen Sple,el . 
Gregory Stephens 

Editorial : 5346580. Business OffIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GuanIIsn, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actualloca.loo: Seoond ROO(. UCSD Student Con •• r Bulldi", 'A' 

Monday, April 26, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Animal Researchers Defend Their Science 
RKWI'S: Local scientists 
justify their work as 
necessary and beneficial 
By Karen Chene 
Associate News Editor 

Despite protests from the animal 
rights movement in Saturday'sdem-
onstration, the local scientific com-
munity continues to defend the mer-
its of animal research. 

Dr. Patrick Qeveland, Associ-
ate Adjunct Professor of Ophthal-
mological Research at the Veteran's 
Administration Hospital, said that 
the notion of "rights" for animals 
has been misconstrued by animal 
rights advocates. 

"Animals deserve to be treated 
with respect, but a common mis-
conception is that animals have 
rights and to say that is a wrong 
usage of the term. Rights are only 
accorded to human beings, because ' 
with rights comes responsibilities 
within civilized society," he said. 

Cleveland uses animal research 
to treat infectious diseases of the eye, 
like herpes ~implex and 
cytomeglavirus. In order to develop 
methods to treat eye disease, he said 
he needs to use animals in his research. 

"We have to try [treatment] on 
animals before we try it on humans. 
We take great care not to abuse the 
animals and weavoidcausingunnec-
essary pain. We only do it because 
there's no other way. For example, 
there's no way I can re-create the eye 
in a tissue culture," he said. 

According toOeveland, "the ani-
mal rights movement is trying to 
misrepresent medical research and 
trying to trivialize the importance of 
the work that was done by Scripps 

ANIMALS: 
Protestors call for end 
to inhumane research 
ContInued from page 1 
different and that doing research on 
one animal will not benefit others. 

SIWABESSY: 
A.S. President forced 
to temporarily resign 
ContInued from page 1 
president and vice president admin-
istrative until she appoints a new 
vice president administrative later 
this week. 

"I'm not sure who I am going to 
appoint as vice president adminis-
trative," Tesak said, "but I want this 
[transition] to go smoothly. Fornow, 
I feel confident [about taking over] 
but it is in the best interest of the 
students that we ~on 't slow down." 

Tesak sees Siwabessy'sdifficul-
ties as a symbol of the problems 
within the entire UC system. 

'" support [Randolph] as a leader 
and a friend," she said, "and I think 
that this is something that legisla-
tors could look at as a sign of the fee 
increase crisis." 

Tesak says she will movequickly 
to take action on the co-op negotia-
tions, A.S. autonomy and the 
council's strained relationship with 
the Graduate Student Association 
during her tenure as A.S president. 

Overall, Tesak is confident about 
her ability to assume the top posi-
tion in the A.S. council. 

"I'm ready to go," she said. "I 
realize it is going to be a lot of hard 
work, but I am dedicated to the 
students and I just want to keep on 
pushing fonh with the issues." 

Dan McDowell1 GtJ8IlIian 
The "Grim Reaper" plays wHh a doe durtne Saturday's protest. 

andUCSD." 
''They hit us with a lie and then 

run off to the next city, [and the 
problem is] that the public would 
rather believe a simple lie than a 
complex truth," he said. 

Director of the Animal Research 
Department at the Salk Institute Dr. 
Teresa Sylvina agreed. Sylvina said 
that while it may seem contradic-
tory that she, a veterinarian, be-
lieves in animal research, the ani-
mals used for medical purposes are 
well cared for. 

"As a vet, I've studied animals 
for years. In my experience, ani-
mals in research are treated as good 
as, if not better than, animals on the 
street or pets in homes. They are 
clean, disease-free and well-taken 

Barnes said he believes the focus 
should be on humans instead. "We 
should do more autopsies,epidemio-
logical studies and focus more on hu-
man cellular actions - we're not by 
any means anti-research, we would 
just like to see the studies geared 
more toward humans," he said. 

Congratulations 
to our 

NEW 
INITIATES 

care of," she said. 
In addition, Sylvina said that sci-

entists have to submit a comprehen-
sive protocol to an Institutional Ani-
mal Care Use Committee (IACUC), 
a reviewing body in every research 
institution, before they begin ex-
periments. The submitted protocol 
has to explain how the animals will 
be used. It also has to specify the 
choice of species and the number 
needed, in addition to explaining 
the care and procedures for research. 

"It's important to me to share 
with society what life was like be-
fore animal research. We would be 
walking around with all kinds of 
diseases. Life as we know it now is 
a direct result of animal research," 
Sylvina said. 

Jane Camnill of San Diego Ani-
mal Advocates was pleased with the 
turnout. "I'm glad that people still 
care about this issue and are willing 
to do something about it," she said. 

1be demonstration was part of a 
nationwide "Laboratory Animal 
Liberation Week." 

Ali Carter Silvina Mancha Mala Subramanian 

,--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? 
Decisions to Make? 

Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ... We Can Help You 

2n s. Rancho s.n.. F. Ad. 
SuiIB S 

San MIrcoI. CA 92089 
744-1313 

'50-A N. EI C8mino Real 
WiegInd Plaza 

Enclnllas. CA 92024 
942-5220 

NEWS 3 

The MOlt Instructlonally Intensive Commerclll Prep CoUrH In the Country 

PROFESSIONAL 

~ 
.JIIII ill M'iIIttfIIIiti ... 1. __ ~ .. 

......- !J!J .. ~~~L~J ·j~jJJc 
J !i800-843-4973 8orn.mldnight 

WHEN IT'S TIME TO GET SERIOllS ABOUT THE TEST. W 

lOng 

::: i',career Opportunity 
d~~ ~--____________________ __ 

\.. ~ 
-

Bilingual Intern Program 
Do You: 

• Have a B,A. or B.S. Degree (as of 7/1/93) 
• Want to make a difference in the lives of elementary 

children in an urban setting 
• Speak, read. write Spanish or Khmer 
• Want to work full-time while completing requirements for 

California elemenrary credential 
• Want to earn full benefits and a starting salary of no less 

than $26, 600 for 9 months 
Contact campus career center (or complete infonnation and application 
packet or call Diana Williams at (310)436-9931, ext. 1476. 

Deadline for Application Is May 14, 1993. 

NOW ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

lfDu@ ~©& u W@WD@W @®QD[[@@ 
6y Co(um6ia 1?f,view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCA T EXPERTS 

• Reading and wriling workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

·12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in·class in 'truction and testing. 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review group, med school 
application and admissions stralegies, and tutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and fonnula sheels, 
reading and writing study guides, MCAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wri tten by MeAT experts 

• REAL MCA T materials distributed to all enrolled students 
• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges 
• LOWER TUITION than other cour es 

~ CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 
APPLY NOW! 456·4848 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 



4. OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltorlslBoard 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Manaclng Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHIUP MICHAElS. Opinion Editor 

rite UCSO_I • ...-_. _ .. ". ~"'~. Sen DiIID. eon ..... 
Cl9113. V ______ ". ~_ "'''' _ .. -.s."" ore not 

~ - "'''' uc _ '" fIeIInIa. ". ASUCSO. ncr". entIoe -. .teII. 

School of Architecture 
Must be Allowed to Grow 

It appears thar UCSD' s newest department. the School of Archi-
tecture, may be forced to close before it even has a chance to settle 
in. At best, the budget allocated to the school will pay for a three-year 
deep sleep during which no students will be accepted and no 
graduate classes wi\l be taught. Considering the enrhusiasrn the 
school garnered through its unique curriculum and quality faculty, 
it is a'waste to bury the school before it has even fully emerged. 
. Administrators, deans and architecture faculty alike view the 
issue of the school's closure with frustration. Many of them would 
prefer to see the school thrive, but with their budget slashed in half 
to about $600,000 per year, they see no alternatives. 1lte state budget 
has, in effect, backed them into a comer. 

Dependence on state funding has driven the school to the brink 
of extinction and, considering the current California budget fix, such 
reliance will not keep the school alive. Looking merely at public 
funding as an easy scapegoat forthe school's problems sleights the 
fact that the school can still survive using private money. 

There's nothing new about using private donations to fund 
campus activities - Sol Price's family bequeathed $2 million for 
the Price Center, and Mandell Weiss paid millions of dollars to 
construct a theater named after him on the Revelle campus. Dona-
tions are also commonly given in the fonn of grant money for 
research or for scholarships. While they are seldom used to support 
entire departmenrs, privare funds could reasonably keep the School 
of Architecture alive until the budget crisis is over. 

For the next three years, the architecture school will survive on 
$400,000 shon of its minimum budget, if it survives at all. Consid-
eringthe magnitude of the grants previously received from Price and 
Mandell Weiss, the $1.2 million the architecture school needs seems 
a drop in the bucket. The only question is whether or not students and 
faculty have the energy to pursue the funds. 

Since private funds are used to remedy most budget ills in the 
University of California these days, it's a wonder that this well-worn 
avenue was not brought up before the comminees that optioned to 
axe the school. Architecture graduate student Phil Reyes said some 
community members had expressed an interest in donating or 
raising money, but such offers were ignored. If community mem-
bers are willing to boost the school's budget, they should be 
encouraged, not shunned. 

The University of California and the San Diego community both 
benefit from a resource like the School of Architecture. [f the school 
can survive long enough to gain accreditation and grow, it will prove 
to be worth more than the temporary cost of keeping it open. 

Siwabessy's Leave of Absence 
Is a Grim Sign of the Times 

A.S. President-elect Randolph Siwabessy cannot execute the 
duties of his office due to a financial hardship. Siwabessy was unable 
to pay his registration fees this quaner, which means he is not 
officially a student. 

In a letter delivered to the editors on Friday (see "Reader's 
Forum," page 5), Siwabessy announced that he will take a leave of 
absence from his office effective today. "At the beginning of this 
quarter, I had believed that I would be able to pay my fees," 
Siwabessy explained. In the meantime, he will focus his effons on 
increasing his income to return for fall quaner. 

Siwabessy's predicament is an unfonunate one, and is in many 
ways a reflection of the hard times facing many students across the 
state who are feeling the effects of the ongoing UC budget crisis. One 
might ask if there was not some way the financial aid office could 
have accommodated Siwabessy's plight. Barring that, perhaps the 
administrators who pressured Siwabessy to take his leave could have 
been more understanding. 

Siwabessy's absence could potentially disrupt the incoming 
council's focus, especially now as it is faced with such pressing 
concerns as the ongoing co-op negotiations and the overarching goal 
of student government autonomy. 

Vice President Adminstrative-elect Carla Tesak will assume the 
role of president until Siwabessy returns. Tesak is extremely lively 
and intelligent, and has a superior command of the issues. She will 
playa crucial role in the ongoing negotiations and should be an 
extremely effective leader. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPONG ;."..---....... -
WfLLDMC ONcE AC":!AIt.J To 

1'AIi~ fisc",':.. 
'T'ONI6H1"£ 6ofS1's INWJO' ~aMf~ 

k1H6, SfAC.,\( kOM.!, Rt.I/. "1'~U' 
~"c.K£ONI A 
flC""ltfof ~ ~S ~ Soo 

Or LA't I ~""£I> ~ Bur ':IQ..r, 
A \.YoQl) ~OM OU~ con.'Ul"''''C'' 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

OBSERVATIONS FROMAN 
OmCE WITHOUT A VIEW 

ca.tENTARY: The co-ops may be in jeopardy, the 'poverty carnival' may 
be inane and jobs may be hard to find, but at least we aren't UC Riverside 

BEN 

BOm 

• FROM MY WINDOW ON TIlE SEemm 
floor of the old, rickety Student 
Center, I have a fairly uninspiring 
view of the student organization 
cubicles across the hall. Truth be 
told, the blinds are usually closed. 
The office recei ves nodirect sunlight, 
and there is often too much foot 
traffic outside to bear. 

Directly below, however, is the 
General Store Co-op, a first -rate 
student-run business whose fate 
hangs in the balance. Of all the co-
ops, the General Store 
will be the one most 

missed if the businesses are ev icted by the 
oppressor administratjpn. With its wide 
assortment of low-cost merchandise 
(Snapp)e) and central location, it is ideal for 
the student on the go. 

three years of fee hikes and budget cuts, Mr. Nicholas 
Endres, the newly elected AS. vice president of external 
affairs, and a band of concerned students are organizing 
a poverty carnival. 

I'm not sure what the purpose of this gaudy spectacle 
is, other than giving the local media a chan<;e to snap a few 
pictures of haggard students lolling about in giant vats of 
lukewarm Ramen, and perhaps make a few snide 
comments about how the kids today are trying SO hard to 
recapture that exciting spirit of '60s activism. 

Endres sounded so inspiring when I met him earlier this 
month, and seemed far more creative and capable than 
this stunt would suggest. I am reminded of a protest staged 

If the co-ops disappear in a poof of legal 
hocus-pocus, it will be no one's fault but 
their own - unless one chooses to blame 
the Associate Students ortheadministration, 
which might not be such a bad idea, either. 

11IeUCSOc.... 
Cent. hosted a 
111_ job fair, 

in March 1992 by an organization called 
Direct Action for Education, during which 
one student made an impassioned plea for 
the administration's respect, paused for a 
moment, then added, "And money." It was 
the mo~t absurd thing I've ever witnessed 
at this university, all hough I hear the "die-
in"during theGulfWarwas a real gutbuster. 

I look forward to this celebration of 
student poverty as the biggest event since 
the Perot shindig last quarter, or the day 
Derek Humphry came to preach the vinues 
of doctor-assisted suicide. Afterward, I 
hope Mr. Endres and company will get 
their best suits and dresses cleaned and get 
down to the business of serious lobbying, 
not showboating for a passive audience. 

After months of sparring with the 
administration and its lawyers, the co-ops 
are up against the wall, yet they still insist 
on arguing fine points, such as control of 
assets in the event of a co-op's closure. 

In fairness to the co-ops, I admittedly 
understate the gravity of the particular points 
of contention. But the truth is that the co-
ops no longer possess the moral high ground. 
Memories are short. Times change. Would 
an eviction generate the same sort of 
response the General Store break·in did last 
year? I somehow doubt it, if for no other 
reason than the presence of lawyers. 
Lawyers have the rather unique talent of 
turning potential supporters into violently 
indifferent opponents. 

durInC which 
students attelilpted 
to fin •••• their way 
Into IUCh poeItIons 
• chief"""" duster II the Hyatt 
Repncy Hotel, or 
........ Iltantlll 
m.p ~ wYttIJell 
Ray' ....... C8mp 
for tile CIIIdNn ~ 
..... WIIoc..ot 
1t1n11heIr 
IncontiIIIe little 
lInD AIIoIher Day. 

• TilE UCSD CAREER C~R IIOSTED A 
summer job fair two weeks ago, during 
which students attempted to finesse their 
way into such positionsaschieflampshade 
dusterat the Hyatt Regency Hotel,orspecial 
assistant in charge of whittling at Ray's 
Summer Camp for the Children of Parents 
Who Cannot Stand Their Incorrigible Little 
Brats Another Day. 

To hell with it. Let the lawyers sort it out and may God 
help the loser. If the co-ops lose, the worst thing that can 
happen is Ihat they are forced to leave. If the co-ops win, 
they can expect such an avalanche of bureaucratic hooey 
that they will wish they had been evicted. 

Yes, indeed, ifthefairtaught us anything, 
it was that the 1980s are truly over. No 
more housesitting jobs at $10 an hour 

while Ihe Jacobsons go off to Hawaii for three weeks. No 
more prime office assistant posts or choice retail jobs with 
20 percent employee discounts. These days, it seems, a 
college student is lucky to land a post as fry cook at the 
local greasy spoon. 

Pray for Autonomy. 
·IN RESPONSE TO 11lE SEEMINGLY DEVASTATING EFFECTS OF 

These are dog days for the so-called Twentysomething 
See OFRCE, Page 7 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

MOB 'JUSTICE' 
COMES TO 
GoD'S COUNTRY 
COMMENI'ARY: When Ellie 
Nesler pumped five bullets into 
the head of an accused child 
molester, due process of law took 
a back seat to vigilantism 
By Jason Snell 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

I've always made fun of my hometown,lhe 
tiny gold rush community in the Sierra Nevada 
foothills known as Sonora. It's a relatively small 
(all of Tuolumne County has a population of 
less than 50,000) and closed-minded place. 

Growing up, my friends and I ridiculed the 
country hick mentality that prevailed there. 
There weren't many of us hick-haters, and we 
stuck together. 

'This here's God's country," we would say 
in a twang, mocking what we saw as the typical 
Tuolumne County resident: a yokel wearing 
cowboy boots, with a lump of tobacco in his 
cheek and a gun rack on the back of his dented 
pickup truck. He'd never live anywhere but 
Sonora; it was God's country, and he was the 
lucky one chosen to live in it. All them city folk 
could go to hell. 

But these days, the typical Tuolumne County 
residents are no longer gun-toting hicks: they're 
gun-shooting hicks who have decided thatGod's 
Country don't need no criminal justice system. 

When Sonoran Ellie Nesler stepped into the 
Jamestown Town Hall on April 7 and pumped 
five bullets into the brain of child molester 
Daniel Driver, she decided that due process of 
law wasn't speedy enough in handing down 
punishment. 

Perhaps encouraged by popular culture -
the night before the shooting, NBC's LA. Law 
featured a man found not guilty of murdering 
the man who raped his daughter, a plot also 
followed by John Grisham's novel A Time To 
Kill - Nesler passed judgement on Driver and 
sentenced him to death. 

Part of me can understand Nesler's actions. 
She was a mother who had seen her little boy's 
life ruined by a man who seemed to have no 
remorse for what he had done. She was afraid 
that Driver wouldn't be convicted, and if he 
was, that he'd serve a small amount of time and 
then be released, ready to molest even more 
children. 

It had happened before - Driver had been 
found guilty of molesting children in Santa 
Clara County before he came to Tuolumne 
County to work at the camp Nesler's son 
attended. The justice system had already failed 
Nesler once by releasing Driver. She was worried 
it would happen again. 

If Nesler's predicament and decision to act 
was the whole story, as reported in the papers 
and on TV, I would certainly feel no 
embarrassment. The story of Ellie Nesler is in 
no way unique to Sonora. It points out defects in 

,our criminal justice system, and shows how one 
woman lashed out at those defects. 

But that wasn't the whole story. Instead, the 
reaction to Nesler's shooting became a story 
because of the overwhelming support she was 
given by the Tuolumne County locals. They 
cropped up on every TV newscast, praising 
Nesler for walking into a courtroom with a 
loaded gun and squeezing the trigger five times. 
They stood on Washington St. in downtown 
Sonora and literally sang their praises to Nesler 
as she was arraigned on murder charges . . 

Understanding what Nesler did is one thing. 
But praising it as reasonable? As right? 

Yes, that's my hometown: the vigilante 
gangland of Sonora. I'm so proud. 

When I ftrst heard about the Nesler case, 
even before I realized that it was happening just 
a handful of miles from where I grew up, I also 
felt the momentary rush of righteousness that 
comes with vigilantism. She killed a child 
molester? Good. That's OM less in the world. 

See VIGILANTE, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COI'tWENTARY: Tenns like 'people of color' might be aimed at increasing rncial 
sensitivity, but they often exclude more than trey include. A call for a saner approach. 

'poe': A FlAG WHOSE TIME Is GONE 

GREGORY 

!ifEPHEnS 

In the "Intro to 
Communication" 
writing section I'm 
teaching this spring, we 
read 1984 and then used 
Orwell's "Newspeak" 
- a language designed 
to "limit the range of 
possible thought" - as 
a tool to think about 
some contemporary 
forms of "politically 
correct" newspeak, 
such as thetenn "people 
of color" (POC). 

Now, I'vegotanaversiontolhefuzzythinking 
behind this "POC" tag, mostly derived from 
hanging around Bay Area universities forthe last 
four years, where "people of color" is mouthed 
about ooce every 2.5 seconds as some sort of 
mantra intended to chant down the walls of 
"white privilege." But before I unload my own 
opinions, I want to give a sampling of my 
students' thinking because they have definitely 
expanded the range of my own. 

One of their assignments was to analyze 
both the positive and negative attributes of a 
contemporary form of newspeak. We had 
discussed many terms in class - for instance 
the euphemism "friendly fire." I tried to present 
POC as neutrally as possible, noting that on 
the upside. it moved us away from using the 
term "minorities" (who are usually a majority 
globally), and that on a downside, it was too 
broad and inaccurate a term to describe all 
non-Europeans. 

Numerous students chose to write about 
"people of color," and almost nobody liked 
the term. This surprised me, since roc is used 
almost religiously in academic and arts circles. 
But the reasons they disliked the term surprised 
me most of all. 

Many students of all colors thought POC 
was used primarily to designate African 
Americans. Thisc\early signified an enonnous 

guJfbetween Southern andNonhem California, 
where POe is applied to just about anyone 
who is not a straight, white male. 

One black student thought POe was a 
"govenunent plot" invented by white folks to 
set non-whites at each others' throats instead 
of against their Anglo oppressors. In her view, 
Ihe government was using POC as a form of 
"reverse psychology," so that non-whites, 
having been clumped together, would resent 
each other and spend all their time and energy 
fighting to prove how different they were, 
rather than sussing out Uncle Sam's plans to 
destroy them all. 

In this construct, we put Euro-Americans 
(non-colored, i.e. "whites") into one camp (the 
oppressors), while non-Europeans flock to the 
opposing camp (the oppressed). By this logic, 
intercultural dialogue must begin with a process 
in which "whites" confess their guilt and open 
their ears for the first time to the anguished cry 
of the post-colonial world 

1'm in favor of intercultural dialogue that is 
based on mutual respect But I'd like to get a 
few things straight. First, I am not a person of 
non-color. My roots are in lreland. The Irish 
are fair people, but colorful, too. You can fmd 
Chinese people as fair as the Irish. You can't 
match up Irish skin color with Ivory soap, or 
their history with West European colonialism. 

Second, equating "People of Color" with 
"non-Western" is, at best, misleading. Much 
blood and ink has been wasted attacking or 

defending "the West" which is also an 
ideological construct. Latin American writers 
are considered "non-Western," yet most have 
literary roots planted firmly in Europe, and 
many would pass for natives on the streets of 
Paris or Madrid Grouping "non-European" 
writers in "Literature of Color," however well 
intentioned, is just race-based ghettoizing. 
Scholars like Martin Bernal make it clear that 
the line between Europe and Africa, "West" 
and "East," has always been fluid. The "West" 
is a crossroads, a process of cross-fertilization, 
and thus multicultural from the get-go. 

Finally, you don't have to be "non-white" 
to suffer - now or historically. The Irish were 
not the only Europeans to be enslaved (in fact, 
the word "slave" comes from the Slavic 
peoples). What could be more "Eurocentric" 
than to write off 30-odd European nations as 
"non-colored" colonialists? Should we blame 
the rest of Asia for Japan's period of imperial 
brutality? 

This roc business leans on a dual theory 
in which victimization is used as a means of 
power, and access to that victimization is 
based on skin color. There's enough truth, 
fueled by the dangerous mix of rage and guilt, 
to legitimize it for a while. But it's a selective 
approach to history and contemporary reality, 
riddled with enough inconsistencies and false 
pretenses to give it the increasing appearance 
of the Emperor's New Clothes. 

One of my students noted that for her 
father, a man or woman of color signified 
someone with personality and vision. 1lIat 
struck me as a sane approach. 

Meanwhile, I think that those who want to 
march under the POC flag, basing self-worth 
on the absence of (or opposition to) a skin 
color associated with Eurocentrism, ought at 
leastlo come right out and say what they mean: 
"Non-Europeans of the world unite!" 
Otherwise, tell us what you are rather than 
what you are not, and let's get on with building 
a multi-centric world. 

NEW A.S. PRESIDENT SIWABESSYExPLAINS HIS LEAVE 
Editor: 

Due to family fmancial hardship, I will 
not be able to pay my fees for this Spring 
Quarter. Unfortunately, this means I am 
unable to hold my official post as ASUCSD 
President because I am not officially a stu-
dent this quarter. 

At the beginning of this quarter, I had 
believed that I would be able to pay for my 
fees, thus allowing me to run for office. 
However, my family's financial status was 
not what I had expected. 

Although I had written checks to the 
Cashier's Office to pay for my fees, I was 
forced to cancel them after realizing that I 
would not be able to cover them. 

Therefore, 1 will be taking a temporary 
leave of absence until Fall Quarter. Vice 
President Administrative-elect Carla Tesak 
will assume the office as acting president. 
She will appoint an interim Vice President 
Administrative to fill the vacancy in that 
office. 

Although 1 will not hold the office in title 
and I will be worldng to increase my in-
come, I will still be very involved with the 
council. I will be available to assist the 
newly-elected council members during this 
period. 

I have full confidence in Carla Tesak's 
ability to lead the A.S. She is well versed on 
the various issues that are faced by students 
on campus. It is my hope that she will 
receive the respect and authority that she 
deserves. 

If you have any questions, please feel 
free to contact me at the A.S. offices. 

Randolph p, Siwabessy 
ASUCSD President-eJect 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian I¥I!IaJmeS letters ~ lis readers. AllIe!tet5 
muslbeno/orflerthBnthtee (J8f/eS. typed, ~8Ild 
sfVJed. We IeseM! the rflht to edit Itr Ierflth inJ ci8rlty. 
Letters may be Ikopped off at the Guardian office on the 
secono floor of the old Stt.dent Center or sent by msll. Sene! 
BI/letters to: 

The Gu8lll1an 
OpInion EI1IIOr 

9500 GiknBn Dr. 0316 
L.8 Jo/Js. CA 92()93{)316 

The Problam WIth Student 
ElectIons: Not ~ Polls 
Editor: 

When it comes to the A.S., students really 
don't have control. A.S. Elections Manager 
Beth Gesson and members of the A.S. Council 
believe that the reasons for such a low voter 
turnout are apathy, theco-opcrisis, the increase 
in fees and other related issues ("Plummeting 
Voter Turnout Draws Concern," Guardian, 
April 19). 

Did iteveroccurtoMs.Gesson that one of 
the biggest reasons for such a low turnout is 
that she and Director of Student Govenunent 

Services Randy Woodard decided to not have 
polls near the individual colleges anymore? 
They also decided that if the colleges wanted 
theircouncils voted on at the same booths (not 
the same ballots) as the AS. elections, then 
the colJeges could each pay a large sum of 
money for that "service." This service only 
included having the ballots and boxes from 
the colJeges at the same tables. It did not 
include tabulating the ballots or advertising 
for the college elections. 

Gesson and Woodard claimed that in the 
past, the voter turnout at the colleges wasn't 
that high and therefore wasn't worth the 
expense. Muir College has experienced a 
high voter turnout in the last few years and 
because of this, Muir ColJege Council argued 
with Gesson and Woodard overlheirdecision. 

The college council was forced to hold its 
own election after the A.S. election. In the 
past few years, Muir received anywhere from 
300-500 ballots. This year we only received 
200. 

Woodard stated in the article, "People don't 
have time." It's true, people don't have time in 
their schedules to walk all over campus trying to 
find polls. When the polls were at each college, 
both the AS. and the colleges benefitted. I agree 
that apathy is high, but why can't the A.S. won 
with the colleges to increase involvement? 

Instead of wasting time rewriting 
insignificant election policies, why doesn't 
she rewrite herdictatorial memo to thecolleges 
with an apology and a request for our 
participation in next year's elections? Or 
maybe she is telling the students to believe 
"why bother, we've got no control?" 

MicheUe C, Roberts 
Muir CoIJe&e Council Chair 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

PfA!(iNq£( 
SALON 

Invitational 
Offer* 

• FOR FlRST-nME CUENTS ONLY PlEASE 

RECEIVE THE FOLLOWING FOR only $35 
• In-OepIh Personal Consultation 
• Cut & Anlshl". 
• Deep Hellt Condltlonl". Trelltment 
• Scalp Massage 

,. Clartfylna Treatment 
• Clear or Tinted Cellophane 
• Sty/Ina Lesson 
• Extra Shampoo & Blow Dry 

• Mini Make-Up Application 
• Eyebrow or Lip Wax 
• Skin Consultation 

ARO~t.~OLOGY- THE ART AN[l5CIENCE 
OF rt:RE FLOWER AND PLANT ESSENCES 

BONUS OFFER · 20 OH All Perms. Color and Skin Services 

SERVICES CAN aE USED WITHIN 4 MONTHS OF PURCHASE DATE 

6875 La Jolla Blvd. (at Nautilus) 
454-1000 

(We did. Costa Verde Center.) 
[!] osta Verde Center has all of the 
things you need to make college life a 
little easier. With convenient services, 
shops and great restaurants all in one 
location. Since Costa Verde Center is 
conveniently located in the Golden 
Triangle, you can stop by and never 
have to miss a class ( Bummer! ) 
Catch a qUick ,...-..---.-----..,. ........ ,.........., 
bite. to eat 
at Subway, 
La Salsa or 
McDonald's. 
Or enjoy a 
leisurely capuccino at Java House. 
Shop for munchies at ]3ig Bear or 
pick-up that hard to find geology book 
at Books tar. There's no need to drive 
all over town. Discover Costa Verde 
center. And never have to pay a 
ransom for convenience again. 

s~ 
Big Bear 

.~ 
Aesop's Tables 
Allie's 
Chans 
Java House 
La Salsa 
McDonald's 
Pizza Nova N'b§@'I@.I.I,1 
Soup EICchang8 
Subway Sandwiches 

SPECIAL TV SHOPS 
~ 

I3lockbuster Video"!'. 'RID 
Books tar 
Busybody 
Diva Flowers ~ Gifts 
Dow StereoNldeo 

Paper Trends 
Pier 1 Imports 

FASHION STORES 
~ 

A Nite On The Town 
Distinctions IlI.g"41" 
GinSiSS F ormalwear 
Men's Wearhouse 

SERVICES 
~ 

Computerized Cobbler 
Costa Verde Car Wash 
Costa Verde Dentistry 11I''''IlRI'' 
Fox Photo 
Homered Bank 
Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center 
La Jollo Cleaners 
The Classical Eye 
United Airlines City Ticket Office 
U.S . Postal Store 
We Care Hair 

~ ~COSTA VERDE 
At The Corner Of Genesee. La Jolla Village Drive. Free Convenient Underground Garage Parking. 458-9270 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

VIGILANTE: 
Mob rule prevails in 
Northern California 
ContInued from .... 5 

So I would understand if the people 
in Sonora initially responded with 
approval of what Nesler had done. 
Executions are things that hit you in 
the gut; you can't explain rationally 
why it's ever right to kill another 
human being, but you can feel the 
simple truth that they had it coming. 

But Sonorans should be past the 
unthinking stage by now. They should 
have realized that Driver hadn't yet 
been found guilty of molesting 
Nesler's son. 

Instead, they're mobbing the 
courthouse and chanting "Free Ellie! 
Free Ellie!" 

Why they're doing it goes beyond 
simple disgust with our flawed legal 
system. It has to do with the way 
people from Tuolumne County think. 

Sonora is a place cut offfrom most 
of the world; as a high school student, 
I had to wait for the occasional hour-
long drive to the "big city" of Modest 0 
if I wanted to go to a record store. 

And Sonora is proud of not being 
a part of the rest of the world. When 
Sonorans tum on the television and 
see news reports featuring 
homelessness, joblessness, urban 
violence, they thank the Lord that 
they're set apart from all oftha!. 

Then Ellie Nesler squeezes off 
five shots at Jamestown Community 
Hall, and the county is invaded by 
reporters from Sacramento and San 
Francisco and even funher out into 
the world. What's a local to do? 

They protect their own. Sing 
outside the counhouse, convinced that 
it's silly things like thecriminal justice 
system that have led to the decline of 
America - that is, all of America 
except Sonora. Make reference to the 
wild west days, when justice came 
from the barrel of a gun, not a judge's 
gavel. Ah, those were the days. 

The people of Sonora want to 
return to the old days, the days where 
America was king, a man was a man, 
and people who committed crimes 
paid for it. 

But those days neverreally existed. 
In the Old West, people were shot or 
hanged for crimes they had no part in, 
simply because amob demanded swift 
"justice." 

Sonora wants to be like that. Like 
many conservative communities, the 
people there wish the '50s would come 
back. But in this case, it's the 1850s. 

They don't want the problems the 
rest of our society heaped on them. 
What to do with a repeat child 
molester? Shoot him. They do things 
their own way in God's Country. 

"There's a lot of fun stuff going on 
in your hometown," a colleague of 
minechirpedtheotherday.Igrumbled 
in response. 

"I saw those people outside the 
courthouse," he said. "You know any 
of them?" 

"No," I told him. "Don' t know 
'em." 

But I know the kind. r grew up 
with them, there in God 's Country. 

Editor in Chief 
Applications Due 
Friday, April 30 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

OF11CE: 
Random thoughts on 
jobs, love and money 
ContInued from page 4 
Generation, yet I find myself feeling 
little sympathy for my fellow 18-to-
24-year-olds. The $40,000 starting 
salaries are history, gone the same 
way as the three-martini lunch, the 
dodo and Bob Hope's talent. An 
exce llent form of low-cost 
entertainmenl is to sit in the Price 
Center and listen to the blissfully 
ignorant talk about their grand plans, 
dismissing $25,OOO-a-year jobs as 
"beneath" them. I imag ine them in six 
months, asking me if J would like a 
drink with my fries, or whether I 
would prefer a purple paisley tie 
instead of a tan Pierre Cardin. 

As for me, [ am fully prepared to 
live like a pauper the moment this 
esteemed institution of higher learning 
be tows me with my $50,000 piece of 
parchment. Realistically, I don' t 
expect to make my f tf t mill ion fo r at 
least five years - six if Clinton is 
reelected. 

• IT SEEMS SOME PEOPLE CAN'TTAKE A 
joke. Every year, the Guardian 
produces an Apri l Fool's issue, called 
the DisreGlIardian, in which the 
editors are given a chance to release 
their overflowing comedic instincts. 
While most of the issue is admittedly 
for our own amusement, if one or two 
readers happen to have an honest 
chuckle, so much the better. 

This is apparently too much to ask 
in Riverside, a comedy wa teland 
where a refined sense of humor seems 
to be as absent as a refined sense of 
somethi ng intere ting to do. The 
running joke in this year's Disre-
Guardian was at the expense of UC 
Riverside, for no part icular reason 
other than the fact that Riverside is a 
fu nny place. in a blithering hayseed 
sort of way. 

The students at Riverside didn't 
see it that way, however. Tom Pigeon, 
editor in chief of the UC Riverside 
High/ander, cried foul in a recent 
column, citing a statewide study by 
(he Riverside Press-EllIerprise in 
which his campus received a "B+" to 
UCSD 's "B" as some sort of 
vindication of the school 's good narne. 
The grade must not have been for 
mathematical skill or reading 
comprehension, since Pigeon only 
found three of the seven references to 
the UC's youngest campus - the 
only campus in the UC system , 
incidentally, for which the sole criteria 
for admission is a pulse. 

UCSD may be a campus without a 
soul, but at least it has a sense of 
humor - the Koala notwithstanding, 
of course. 

'.15 $U8' 
Munich $i49' 
Vienna $i49' 
Condon $160' 
Amsterdam $315' 

I t.~ .r. uch way based on • IO<Mldtlip pur. 
TallO no: n::1uda1. Sornr; ~5tncboosilpply. 

status may be ~lJm:j 
.. ,.. ........ "."".,... 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price (mer (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

~ The circus is in town againr 
Every yeilr at th is tillle some strange people I.:ome to town. ' l ·hl.:Y tell you things that are a bit 
hard to he I il..: l'e. Things li ke no diseast: this centll ry 
has been cll red through Illeuical rest:Hrch. They tell 
YOII that allillcdica l research using animals is cruel 
ami I III necessary. '1'h l..:)' say th at even if animal 
resea rch prmJllced a cure fo r AI DS they woul d still be 
ag; linst it. 

Frankly, we think they' re miss ing tht: poi nt. So fa r this centu ry animal resea rch has rrod ucetl 
be ndits such as insu lin, antibiotics, heart bypass 
surgery and that's just nam ing a few. Since 1900, 61 
Nobel prizes ill t11 cd ic irll': have bcen awartk:d ro 
resea rch IIsing animals. 

Becallse of an ima l research humans arc livi ng longer and healthier lives. Of course all animals 
shou ld receivc com passionatc care and not be 
sacriJicn l lrt lllCcess;lri ly, hilt lilr the many people waiting lClr hope roLlay, 
or thosc who will neeu a cure tomorrow, animal research is worthwhile. 
Don't b thc voiccs of the few determine the fate of the majority. 
An ima l research docs save lives: tlOll't let anyone tell YOll tlifTerently. 

. f;- rr.\ , (' ['·.\ .\R 
::!~ ..... o-.!t,.~ C/Ja/irion!or /'nmwL, "nd 

_ '''~ f\tr imfJ/ R,s'(I""" 
" ''''t't-Wfr 1'I,,.,,,b. P.o. Box 22441 

\ .,,,H.t',, ,,J lh .. /r,,'" Sa" DitgO, CA 92192 

457-2060 
Bulls 

~IRI~WIN(. (;0. 1 
Ue5D 
NIGHT 
Wednesday 

.1 

Nights . 

LA {'QUA 
. = 

$ , :n~~ 
PILINIRS ----\);-' C::~ ,\O~ r ...... '/, I ~ ~ f'~~' I. F'===-

-=-
!:..:!, ::-- -==- - " "" c-~ "·/~:" ,,~·:~c 

~-=-,_ ·_~t 

- ' 

.\'10 ,,,,,") ,I" 
0;"" 

L.-------'1he best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla* "£ 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21 /w student 10 

----------------

I LARGE FABULOUS I 

! piill $12 ?'.?' ! 
I I 
I ~~ I 
I Round I 
I Not ".lid \\; th '")' other offer or discou Ilt. 'Thble I I Good through 6/30,t UCSD, 457·2060. Pizza I L1 :!E.!, ;!,:!~T:!R !El!.~I __ :'5 ____ .J 
r----------------, 
I $1399 for Two Me~um I I _ One-Toppmg I 
I Plus T" Thin Crust Pizzas I 

: $1799 for Two L~rge : 
_ One-Toppmg 

I I~us T., Thin Crust Pizzas I 
I ~ I I ,,~,. I 
I Not ".Iid with ''')' other offer or discount. ~ I I Good through 6/ .l0 at UCSD, 457-2060 . !U: I 
L1 :!E':::' !!R'::-:'T ~R!.ElI.!:!.I __ :'5_ !I!z!. .J 
We accept the -r:iiJ- card 

Tavern Price Center 457-2060 

• Study In Jerusalem. 

• Ezcavate and Camp In the Negev Desert . 

• Archaeological Field School. 

• International Research Team. 

• Earn UC Credit (or Fall 1993 Quarter. 
• Financial Aid and Scholarships Available. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: MAY 

Call 534-1123 or visit the Opportunities 
Abroad Office at the I nternational Center 
Jor more iriformaHon. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

RerM! Bruckner/ Guardian 
The Nova laser, at Lawrence Uvermore National Laboratory, Is the most powerful laser on Earth. Its 10 beams can deliver a 
pulse of 120 trillion watts to Its target chamber, equal to more than 200 times the power generated by all electrical power 
plants In the United States. Pictured above Is the 22Sfoot-long laser bay where the pulse Is amplified. 

Local critics of the nuclear laboratories often feel outgunned in their 
struggle to learn about what is happening in their neighborhood 

Roger Kuo/Guardian 

1. 
Lawrence Berkeley 
National Laboratory 

location: Berkeley, CA 
Opened: 1931 

Budget: $264 million 
Scientists a1d ~: 1,000 

Total Employees: 3,000 
Director: Charles V. Shank 

2, 
Los Alamos NatlonaI LaboratOl)' 

LocatIon: Los Alamos, NM 
Opened: 1943 

Scientists Mel EngIneers: 3,300 
Total ~: 6,800 

Budget: $960 million 
DIrector: Siegfried Hecker 

3. 
I..awretICe Uvennore 
National Laboratory 

Location: lNermore, CA 
Opened: 1952 

Scientists and ErwJneers 
Total En1JIoyees: 7,800 

Budget: $1.3 billion 
DIrector: John Nuckolls 

Continued from page 1 
research. 

Every day 15,(0) people, University of Cali-
fornia employees, go to work at Lawrence 
Livennore and Los Alamos. And every day those 
15,(0) people spend over $6 million in taxpayer 
money doing their research. 

Now, a full 50 years after the first group of 
scientists gathered on a secluded mountain in New 
Mexico, their contemporaries continue to devote 

much time and energy to a wide range of 
often criticized projects. They are respon-
sible for the neutron bomb, the "Star Wars" 
missile defense program, and the MX mis-
sile. 

The laboratories spend a great deal of 
time defending their funding. They point to a 

list of incredible discoveries that have saved mil-
Uons of dollars, improved life for everyday Ameri-
cans, and saved lives. It's a long list, full of 
impressive fmdings. But it is conspicuously quiet 
about nuclear weapons research, an activity that 
till uses up a<; much as one-half of the $2 bilUon 

Congress doles out to the laboratories each year. 
An increa<>ing number of people are arguing that 

the job of the nuclear laboratories is finished; that the 
end of the Cold War and the sheernumberofnuclear 
weapons already in existence has made their mis-
sion outdated. They argue that the environmental 
damage and the poUticaI influence of the laborato-
ries are not worth the benefits to the country. 

They also argue that the University ofCalifor-
niahas outlived its45-year prom ise to lookafterthe 
laboratories and that the time for a change has 
come. 

1he appo.Hion 
Sining in her small Livermore apartment, 

Marylea Kelly, one of the founding members of the 
I O-year-oId"Tri-VaIleyCAR&" (Citizens Against 
a Radioactive Environment), a community group 
dedicated to the conversion of LLNL to civilian, 
non·dassifled research and development, reflected 
on her 10 years fighting an often unpopular war 
against an employer that provides nearly 10,000 

jobs to her friends and neighbors. 
"In many respects Livermore is a company 

,town, like a coal town or a textile town .... The 
laboratory has ingratiated itself into every aspect of 
the community. Lab people are on the city council, 
they are on the water board [and) they are on the 
school board. ... In a sense it is very' David and 
Goliath' with Tri-Valley CAREs and its IO-person 
speakers bureau and its $30,000 a year budget." 

Up against the power and clout of LLNL, with 
a $2.7 million a year "pubUc affairs" budget and 
access to the ears of decision makers from Sacra-
mento to Wa<;hington, Kelly says her group is 
clearly outgunned. 

In New Mexico, a similar group has fonned in 
opposition to the nuclear work of Los Alamos 
Laboratory. According to member John Stroud, 
Concerned Citizens for Nuclear Safety (CCNS) 
performs in much the same marmer as Tri-Valley 
CAREs, researching the lab and reporting its find-
ings to the community and, on occasion, the courts. 

It also has the same goal, to tum the lab into a 
civilian, non·dassified, non-nuclear research sta-
tion. 

PoI1lcaI Clout 
Kelly, Stroud and others in both communities 

believe that not much can be c! langed as long a<; the 
lab directors are given the political clout afforded 
them in Washington. 

One of the duties given to the directors of both 
LANL and LLNL is to give their expen opinion in 
front of Congressional Committees looking into 
everything from the Department of Energy (D9E) 
budget to nuclear test ban treaties. 

Both Kelly and Stroud allege that the ex pen 
opinions given by the directors are often geared 
toward winning more money and prestige for their 
respective laboratories. 

According to Kelly, the Strategic Defense ini-
tiative (SDI), or "Star Wars:' program was pre-
sented in overly favorable tenns by Edward Teller, 
LLNl.. 's founder and flJ'Stdirector,and by the lab's 
current director John Nuckolls in order to secure 
funding. 

Monday, April 26, ] 993 

"[Star Wars) serves to illustrate the extent 
to which the laboratory lobbies to get money 
for the nuclear weapons systems that it wants 
to develop. And similarly, they lobby, and 
have historically lobbied ... against a com-

prehensivetest ban treaty andOlher 
disarmament measures," 

Kelly said. 
Stroud has made 

simi lar criticisms in 
Los Alamos. Last 
March, both lab direc-
tors testified before 
Congress against a 
comprehensive test ban 
treaty, citing the need 

for the safety of current 
stockpiles. 
"Clearly lab and self-inter-

est is being put ahead of national 
interest. .. [Hecker is) one of the centrdl 
figures in the prevention ofa [penn anent 
treaty) ," said Stroud. 

The recent Hatfield Amendment 
passed by Congress put a tempomry halt 
to all testing, but it is due to expire in the 
next several months. 
The laboratory administrators defend 

their efforts with equal vigor. There are few 
people on the planet as well versed in the tech-
nology of nuclear weapons as are the directors 
of LLNL and LANL, according to LLNL's 

Associate Director Phil Coyle, and their exper-
tise is needed. 

"A year ago, [Nuckolls) felt it was important to 
explain why testing was needed:' said Coyle. 

Generally, he added, the labs take their orders 
from Congress and the DOE and carry them out as 
best they can. 

Despite the odds, both the laboratory adminis-
trators, Kelly and Stroud say that the groups serve 
a valuable purpose. 

Using the old peace adage, "Speak truth to 
power," Kelly says thatTri-Valley CAREs has made 
iruoads. Their job, as Kelly puts it, is to create u a 
strong, viable laboratory here, but for it to be com-
pletely converted to unclassified, civilian research." 

While that ultimate goal is still elusive, Kelly 
can still point to a lengthy list of successes, espe-
cially concerning the environment 

She cites as one example Tri-Valley CARE's 
opposition toanew toxic waste incineratorplanned 
for the laboratory. 

After calling attention to the incinerator with a 
series of prOlests and petition dri ves, the laboratory 
gave the project a second look. An internal year-
and-a-half long study found that as many as 21 
people in a million might die of cancer every year 
if the incinerator were built 

The lab subsequently dropped the project. 
While the laboratory often attempts to refute 

the successes claimed by Kelly, saying that a 
project wa<; due to be canceled anyway or that the 
activity never took place to begin with, itgivesa 101 
of credit to Tri-Valley CAREs and other commu-
nity opposition groups. 

"I think their role has been positive," says 
Coyle. "While we may feel confident about some-
thing, it's another thing [to explain it so members 
of the community understand]." 

According to Coyle, such groups also provide 
a stimulus for the laboratory to hold regular meet-
ings in the community. 

Despite that small area of agreement, the two 
see the laboratory very differently. 

1he Great EnviroIII'I..t Debate 
The immediate concern of the community 

groups in Livennore has been the environment. It 
is also a problem that has consumed the life of 
many a public relations specialist at LLNLlfyou 
ever want to see a lab administrator bristle, simply 
mention the words "superfund site." 

In 1987 LLNL wa<; classified as a superfund 
site,an area the government hasdeemedsodanger-
ously contaminated that it is willing to spend 
billions of dollars to clean it up. 

Coyle insists that everything is the Navy's fault. 
The lab's location in Livennore was, for many 

years, a Naval air station. Coyle contends that the 
contamination of the groundwater, the primary 
environmental problem, is the result of a jet clean-
ing fluid called Trichloroethylene (TCE) that was 
poured into the ground with no thought as to its 
ability to kill people who drank the contaminated 
water. 

See LABS, Page 9 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

LABS: The most 
common issue is the 
environment 
Continued from page 8 

Coyle says that even though it's the 
Navy's fault, the laboratory is cleaning 
up the mess. [n fact, he continues, the 
treated water is "better than chinking 
water when we're through with it." 

And even when the lab does have 
accidents, it goes above and beyond the 
call of duty to clean them up, according 
to Coyle. 

Over the past decade or so, a leaky 
gasoline tank had beenspilling fuel onto 
the ground. unbeknown t to its owners. 
The problem was noticed and corrected, 
but nOl before several thousand gallons 
of gasoline were absorbed into the soil. 

Previously, the only way to treat 
such a contamination was to dig up all 
the dirt and truck it away somewhere. 
Several graduate students working at 
the LLNL developed a new system, 
using giant steam vacuum cleaners, to 
clean the soil in far less time and for far 
less money. The idea worked, and the 
site is now almost completely safe. 

Coyle points to that uccess story as 
a good illustration of how the labornto-
ries use their vast resources in unique 
and environmentally sound ways. 

Excitingnewtechnologyaside,KeUy 
claims that the laboratory is lyingthrough 
its teeth. She contends that the ground 
water contamination, which, according 
to her, is nOl just the Navy's doing, is 
only part of the problem. 

She pointed to a closet full of papers 
which, she says, document over one 
million curies of radiation released by 
the laboratory into the air. Kelly gave 
earlier figures on the airborne releases to 
a fonner Associate Director of LLNL, 
Dr. John Gofman. 

"He estimated from our preliminary 
data, which at thattime we had evidence 
of about three quarters of a million 
curies ... [that) that would cause 120 
cancers in Livennore and 60 cancer 
deaths," she said. 

Kelly also contends that the lab's 
groundwatercontaminationexplanation 
is at least partly faulty because "Site 
300," the lab's high~xplosive test site 
located about 45 miles away, was also 
placed on the superfund list in 1990. Site 
300 was never a Navy base, and TCE 
contamination is still listed as one of the 
primary reasons for the clean-up. 

She also contends that the level of 
oitium in the rainwater is only slightly 
below the level that would trigger a 
groundwater clean-up. "One of the 
alanning things is that this tritium in the 
rainwater is not associated with any 
particular accident; that means that the 
'routine' releases out of a variety of 
stacks [are] so great on an everyday 

basis that it rains radioactive waste in 
Livennore." 

Coyle insist, however, that the lab 
has "all but shut down" the tritium 
facility and that such releasesjust don't 
happen anymore. 

Over at Los Alamos asimilarfight is 
underway. While LANL is not a 
superfund site, it ha<; had its share of 
environmental problems, from radioac-
tive pavement to a 1000pound uranium 
sample buried near the airport. 

In one comer, Stroud, and in the 
other is LANL spokesman John 
Gustafson. 

In 1990 LANL violated the "Na-
tional Emission Standards for Hazard-
ous AirPoliutants." which sets the maxi-
mum radiation dose a facility can re-
lease into the environment. 

Stroud argues that the violation is 
symbolic of greater problems; that nOl 
only does LANL deliver "the highest 
radiationdosetothepubUcofanynuclear 
facility in the country," butthatthereare 
approximately 2,400 potentially con-
taminated sites thanks to its research. 

Estimates have ranged upward of$1 
billion just to identify all ofthe contami-
nated sites on the 43-square-mile cam-
pus. 

Gu tafson, however, sees the viola-
tion as a small disagreement with the 
Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA),thegovemmentalgroupcharged 
with rmding violations of the air quality 
regUlations. Otherwise, he says, the lab 
has done a remarkable job taking care of 
itself. 

According to Gustafson, the prob-
lem regarding airborne releases of ra-
diation wa<; simply a difference in what 
exactly to monitor. 

The lab had counted on the average 
person spending eight hours a day in-
side a building when figuring its aver-
age radiation dose, an assumption the 
EPA decided it would nOl allow, ac-
cording to Gustafson. 

Without this "shielding factor," the 
lab was breaking the law, but not by very 
much, he said, and it has since followed 
an EPA plan to fix the problem. 

The difference between the allowed 
dose and what the lab was releasing 
was, according toGustafson,about equal 
to the radiation recei ved by a kid after 
watching an average amount of televi-
sion in a week. 

The banter between the two groups 
follows a predictable pattern. An alarm-
ing and believable claim by a commu-
nity group, followed by an equally be-
Uevable rebuttal by a laboratory admin-
istrator. 

1be-.PIdure 
The political clout of the laborato-

ries and the environmental debate sur-
rounding them are j\lSl symptoms of a 
larger problem , according to Stroud and 

The UCSD Guardian 

Kelly. 
The problem, as they see it, is not just 

that the labs are careless, but that their 
work is inherently dangerous and dirty. 
The war will not be won until nuclear 
and other war-related research is moved 
somewhere else. 

The issue of conversion to civiUan 
research and development is a<; compli-
cated as it is controversial, but the re-
source! contained within the fortified 
wal Is and electric fences of the labs are 
immense, and the possibilities are end-
less. 

It AI Comes Down to Nova 
For a moment, <imagine the power 

and energy released every moment by 
the nuclear fusion taking place inside of 
the sun. Only a small portion of its heat 
energy ever reaches the earth, yet it is 
responsible for sustaining all life. 

Scientists at LLNL have created a 
star of their own, one that may revolu-
tionize science. 

Sitting in a nondescript, six -story-
tall building on the far north end of 
Lawrence Livennore National labora-
tory is Nova, the world's most powerful 
laser. 

At the focal point of the 10 laser 
beams that make up Nova is a small 
target, made up ofa speck of tritium and 
deuterium no bigger than a grain of 
sand. 

A mere billionth of a second after the 
laser beams begin their journey through 
the nearly two-block long building, all 
10 beams, with a combined power of 
120 trillion wang, focus down on that 
one small target They ignite it in a 
brilliant flash, sending Ught ca<>cading 
tIuoughout the enormous target charn-
ber. 

And fora brief moment,astaris born 
- a star six times hotter than our sun. 

While that star bums out before the 
bUnk of an eye, the ramifications of 
what it can becontinue. That laserpulse, 
andthe star it creates, may someday lead 
scientists to build a power plant capable 
of powering San Diego for a year with 
a pick -up truck of fuel. 

That same star is also being used to 
study how a hydrogen bomb explodes, 
and could lead researc~rs to build a 
bigger and bener nuclear weapon. 

And lying inside that non-descript 
building is the entire debate swround-
ing the laboratories. The same smart 
people, the same million dollar equip-
ment and the same billions of taxpayer 
dollars can be used to do one of two 
things: serve man, or destroy him. 

COMING NEXT MONDAY: The 
Ulliversityo/Califomia is now attempt-
illg ro help move rhe labs i,uo a more 
politically correct world. Just WMt 
should rhe laboraJolies look like as rlre 
21 sl eel/flIry approaches, and is Ihe 
IInil'ersitycapable a/raking them tlrere? 

NEWS 9 

• Dr. S.,.y O.D. 
VISIOnCare 

Serving 
LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 
MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
- --T------i------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I Daily Wear Complete I COMBO SET I 

INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 
• Precision ground 

lenses S.V. 

I $89 I I 
I OC Science I $35 00 OFF Edeld.d Wear COnIpIete· I 
I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo. Choose from I B& L04 I Disposables I a large selection of I 

I $9900 I $139 ~:':; & I frames and lenses I 
I I ~~;'::li;!~~:od I $3500 I L_coMPl~~_l~~=;~~l ____ ~F~ 

Eam up fo 15 units this summer 

afSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin throughout the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking congestion 

Register by mall now, or In person 
beginning May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

1IN1~--""""""" College of ~ended StudieS 

8:30 am • 4:30 pm 
Monday· Friday 

Call SDSU 
Summer SessIons, 

594·5152 
for information or to 
have a free catalog 

mailed to you! 

r----
I 

'-----------------, 

2TANS$J; i GET RfLlfF ... GfT RfSULTS ... GET HEALTHY! I 
One for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days $2[1J91 I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I r 
""------

Wolff 6ed5 • Facial r amel"5 I I 
Some ... <n"..,. 'II'IY J 

___ ~'::',,=-doy!~.99(?~) _____ / 
r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
II Guaranteed ... $48 ~ /lost inches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it!" 
I - Mindy, San Diego I Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss, I 
I GOLDEN TRIIINGLE La Jolla Pt. LOIN Hlllcr~t I I PERFECT T liN 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 

3251 Holiday Ct;. Pacific ~ach MI" lon Valley 5ute College I acrO!l~ ,t;reet f rom EI Tont;o 5819060 542f1"91 697-0014 ' I 455-{}909 - 'VoJ 
'-________ :::e::..~ 'II'IY.~~~~ ________ ~ 

Lj.ilsila 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and jOint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALL TODAY FOR AfFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La Jolla Village Drive 



10 CALENDAR 

~NJE~IC SERVICES 
Monday through Friday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday·3 p.m.) - The 
OASIS LanCuaC. ProCram provides 
assistance to students whose native 
language is not English and to those doing 
work in Japanese. German. Spanish . French 
and Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on written 
English Is available on reQuest. Call 534-
2284 for info. (weekly) 
• 8:30 a.m.· 4:30 p.m. - The OASIS 
Schol .. • Wrltlnc W ...... hop provides free 
individual and group conferences to assist 
students with writing projects. SWN also 
offers free word processing facilities and 
computer assistance. Stop by York Hall 
#4070 or call 534-7344 to schedule an 
appointment. 
.8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
Manacement Center help you this Quarter 
with time management. notetaking and 
editing. textbook analysis. memory. flexible/ 
speed reading. vocabulary development and 
GRE/LSAT /MCAT verbal compre-hension. 
Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to 
set up a personal appointment. Also. stay on 
the lookout for those valuable OASIS Study 
Skills Workshop and the GRE Weekend 
Specials. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS WritlnC 
Center is a free service for all UCSD students. 
We offer one to one writing conferences for 
any type of writing project - academic 
papers. personal statements. even stories 
and poems . Our staff of trained 
undergraduates. who come from a variety of 
academiC disciplines. can help you become 
a more effective writer. Call 534-2284 to 
make an appointment or drop by our office In 
the old Student Center. Building A. Room 
214. (weekly) 
• 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - MuIr College Writing 
Program Lottery ApplIcation Period for Fall 
Quarter '93 writing classes. Fill out and 
submit lottery - ticket - at HSS 2346 and get 
information on when to return for lottery 
results . Runs through May 3 . 

Monday. April 26 
• 3-3:50 p.m. - Producing Organization : 
Classification Charts. Etc. - OASIS-Study 
Management Center. York Ha11-4010. Free. 
Preregistration recommended. 534-7344. 

Tuesday. April 27 
• 1·1:50 p.m. - ProduclnC Organization: 
ClassificatIon Chart •• Etc. - OASIS-Study 
Management Center. York Ha11-4010. Free. 
Preregistrat ion recommended. 534-7344. 

SalUrday. May 1 
• 8 :45 a.m.·12 p.m . - GRE Diagnostic 
Test - OASIS-Study Management Center. 
York Ha1l4010. Free. Advanced registration 
reQuired. 534-7344. 

LE[TURES 
Monday. April 26 

• 4 p.m. - "Homochlral Arene Chromium 
Trlcarbonal Complexe. In S~nthesls" -
Organic chemistry seminar by Dr. Stephen 
G. Davies . Oxford University. 103 Peterson 
Hall. 

Tuesday. April 27 
• 7·9 p.m. - Meet Thurgood Marshall. a 
UCSD Community Forum: Provost C. Lytle . 
Prof. P Irons . Prof. J. Cooper·Alexander 
(Stanford). Dramat ic recreation of the Su-
preme Court oral arguments In Brown versus 
the Bd. of Education. Also ' War against the 
Constitution," actual oral argument of the 
Lin le Rock school segregat ion case in 1958. 
Price Center Ballroom. 

Wednesday. April 28 
• 12 p.m. - "Stress. Chance. and tha 
Varieties of Ethnic Experience" - A 
lunchtime discussion with Professor Stephen 
Cornell of the Sociology Department about 
ethnic identity. At the Revelle Dean 's 
Conference Room. Sponsored by the Cultural 
Awareness Network. 
. 4 p.m. - " Carbon-Alpha. Beta. Delta and 
Planetary Atmospheres" - ChemistrY 
Oepartment Colloquium featuring Prot. Kurt 
Marti . UCSD. Urey Hall Room 2108 

Friday. April 30 
.2 p.m.-·Self .... mbly of Paramagnetic 
lonophore5: The Ion-binding Approach to 
Organic Magnetic Materials" - SpeCial 
organic chemistry seminar by Prof. James E. 
Jackson. Michigan State University. 103 
Peterson Hall. 
• 4 p. m . - • MOiecul. to Solid Reactions In 
Compounds with Group 16 Element·tOoMetal 
Bonds" - Inorganic chemistry seminar by 
Prof. John Arnold . University of Califomia. 
Berkeley. 102 Peterson Hall. 

SERVICES 
Monday-Friday 

. 8 a .m.-4 :30 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer· 
based program of career Inform at ion de· 
signed to help you clarify your skills. val· 
ues and interest. For more information. 
come to the Career Services Center . $10 . 
(weekly) 
. 1:30-4 p.m. - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS 
- For help w ith career goals . Job hunting. 
resumll preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities . No 
appointment needed. just walk in to the 
Career Services Center. (weekly) 
• MENTOR - Graduating this Quarter 
and job·seeking? We'lI match you with 
a professional in your field who will get 
you started networking in the local job 
market. Sign up at Career Serv ices . 
(weekly) 

Monday. Aprif 26 
• 2 :30 p.m. - Mlllketeble Resum6 -
Learn how to make a positive impression 
with your r esumll . Career Services Center. 

Wednesday. April 28 
• 2:30p.m.- OnTheSldellnea- There'smore 
to sports than being an athlete. Hear from 
professionals aboutnonathletK:jobs inthe sports 
field. Career Services Mu~ifJurpose room. 

Friday. April 30 
.11 a.m. - o..c.neno Intel .... wtrcSklls lor 
EmpIojI_ - Using video. imprO\le your 
technlQuetmJug/1 practiceandvaluablefeedJack. 

Prerequis~e : Interviewing Skills Workshop. Sign 
up at Career SeMces Reference Room. 
• 12 p.m. - Application .... Ics - An 
advisor will discuss critical aspects of the 
application process. Career Services Center. 

COUnSELInG/P5~[HO­
LOGICAL WORHSHOPS 

Monday·Friday 
• 9 a.m.·5 p.m. - Women 's Resource 
Center Peer Counselln, - Feel like no one 
understands? Women counselors trained by 
Psych. Services available to help with crises 
or give support and referrals for your needs. 
Confidential. safe space. Walk in or by a~ 
pointment. Located in the old Student Cen· 
ter Bldg. A. 534-2023. (weekly) 

Monday. April 26 
. 3-4:30 p.m. - Women of the African DIaIpora 
- Leader: EQullia Luke. 2025 HSS. Free. 

Tuesday. April 2 7 
. 10a.m.·12p.m.-UndergraduateGrowth 
Group - Open for women . Leaders: Lindsay 
Calderon and Beverly McCreary. 1003 GH. 
Call Lindsay at 534-3755. 
• 2·3 p.m. - I..esbbwl/ gay/ bisexual peer 
counsellrc with Steve. Do you have a Question 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & lefs 
talk. Located in the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & UbraryLounge in PIice Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
. 3-4:30 p.m. - Social Skills Workshop -
Leader: Lindsay Calderon. 1003 GH . Free. 
. 6 :30-8 p.m. - Common Ground - An 
open d iscuss ion between lesbians. gays. 
bisexuals and heterosexuals. Led by Cheli . 
Student Center "B" lower level conf. room . 
(weekly) 
. 6:30-8 p.m. - GraduateGayand Bisexual 
Men's Support Group - Lower level conf. 
room. Student Center Bldg. B. Free. 

Wednesday. April 28 
• 11 a .m.·12 p.m. - Older and Returning 
Student. Group - Leader: David Blasband. 
Room 3240 Literature Bldg. No fee. 
• 2·3 p.m. - Le.blan/ Gay/Blsexual Peer 
Counselln. with Oavid. Do you have 
questions about your sexuality? Do you need 
an understanding person to talk to? Our 
office is located In the Price Center next to 
Mac's Place & Library Lounge. Call 534-
3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 3 ·4 :30 p.m . - Chicano, Latino, 
Multicultural Group- Revelle College Provo 
Bldg .. Leader: Dan Munoz. No fee . (weekly) 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - Lesbian lie Bisexual 
Women's Support Group - A confidential 

dro~ln group with a supportive environment 
to discuss issues of sexuality. Led by Chell. 
Student Center Bldg. lower level conf. room. 
Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Gay and BIsexual Men's 
Support Group-We're a safe and confidential 
group for people to discuss their concems 
about their sexuality led by David and 'Steve. 
Student Center B. lower level conf. room. Call 
534-3987 for details. Free. (weekly) 

Thursday. April 29 
• 1·2 p.m. - lesbian Ga~ Bisexual Peer 
Counseling with Chell. Do you have Questions 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Call 534-
3987 to set up an appointment. (weekly) 
. 3-4:30 p.m. - Adult Child .... of Alcoholics 
Psyc:hO£ducatlonal Support Group-Galbraith 
Hall 1003. Leader: Jeanne Manese. Free. 
• 5 :30-7 p.m. - Common Ground - A 
support group for friends and families of 
lesbians. gays and bisexuals. Lower level 
conference rm •• Student Center Bldg. B. 
. 5:30-7 p.m.-Graduate Gay and BIsexual 
Men's Group - We're a safe and confidential 
group for people to discuss their concerns 
about their sexua lity. Led by Man. Student 
Center " B" lower level cont. room. Call 534· 
3987 for details. (weekly) 

Friday. April 30 
• 11·11:50a.m. - Mlnd-BodyConnectlon. 
- Leader: Beverly Ha~u. 412 MMC. Free. 
• 11:30 a.m.·1 p.m . - Support Group for 
Graduate Women - Leaders: Beverly 
McCreary und Jane Parr . 1003 GH . no fee. 
• 12:30·2 p.m. - Pan-Asian Community 
Forum - Mountain View Lounge. Leaders: 
Jeanne Manese and Alvin Alvarez. Orop-in. 
Free. (weekly) 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 1·2:30 p.m . - Overcomlna Compulsive 
Eatlnc - Call for sign-up . HSS 2148. Free . 
534-3585. 
.2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Group - ReW!lIe College Provo Bldg .• no fee . 
• 4-6 p.m. - Campu. Blacic Forum -
Mountain View lounge. Leader: Phil Raphael. 
Free. (weekly) 

HEAL TH & FITnESS 
Monday-Friday 

.9 a.m.·12 p.m. - Put yourselfto the test 
• the fitness test. A friendly Student Health 
Advocate will check your cardlov8KuI. 
tItneas, muacular .trencth and endutMce, 
and flexibility all for FREE in ATSTOP. Come 
by second floor Student Health to make an 
appointment. (wee/t.ly) 

Monday-Thursday 
• (2 p.m .• Mon: 10a.m. & 1 p.m .• Tues. : 11 
a.m. & 1 p.m .• Wed.: 10 a.m. & 1 p.m .• 
Thurs .) - How would an unplanned 

• pregnancy or STD affect ~our life? To learn 
about birth control. STD prevention and 
pelvic exam s. come to the Women'. Sexual 
Health Info. SeasIon. 2nd floor. Student 
Health Center. 

[LLIE & ~EETlnGS 
Monday. April 26 

.5 p.m. - Student Environmental ActIon 
Coalition Meetlnc - Get Involved in Earth 
Day. recycling. an environmental newspaper 
and much more. Office 208 Student Center. 
directly above Soft Reserves. Everyone is 
welcomel (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Circle K International -
Community service organization meets in 
GalleryB. Price Center. Come join us. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - LGU Buslne .. Meetln .. -
Get involved with LGBA-you'lI make friends 
and have a great time helping out. Make it 
your businessl Meetings are at the WRC. 
(weekly) 

Tuesday. April 27 
.12 p.m. - AI. Meetlnc- Student Center 
A. room 113. Large conference room. (weekM 
.3-4 p.m. - Adult Children of Alcoholic. 
(ACA) -12·step group meeting. Purpose of 
group Is to welcome and give comfort to 
children of alcoholics. Free . anonymous and 
confidential. Price Center Admin. 2nd floor 
above Food Court . Irvine Room. Everyone 
welcome. 753-2106. (weekly) 
.. 5 p.m. - Biweekly meeting of CCM panel 
of Post Doc Grad students at MTF 275. 
Chicanos/ Latinos for creative medicine . 
(weekly) 
. 6 p.m. - Chicanos/ latinos for creative 
medicine bl-weekly meet ing. 

Wednesday. April 28 
• 1·3 p.m. - Faculty. Student. Stllff 
Interaction meets for lunch to informally 
discuss on topics of today. All students and 
faculty are welcome to join. For more info: 
Chris 55S-2103. (weekly) 
. 3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter Ach/lsory 
Board needs people like you. Weekly 
meetings are at the Revelle Provost 's 
office .(weekly) 
• 4·6 p.m . - Ali welcomel Student 
Affirmative Action Committee Meeting. 
Santa Barbara/Los Angeles room. Price 
Center. (weekly) 
• 4 p.m. - Third Collace Transfer+Re-
Entry Studenta(TRES) Meetln,- Discuss 
problems. solutions. Questions and answers 
about being a transfer or re-entry student. 
(weekly) 
.6:30p.m.-WlldemeUClub-lnterested 
in hiking. mountain biking and other outdoor 
activities? Join us on the second floor patio 
of the student center. above KSDT. (weekly) 
.7 p.m. -ASAP-Get involved with Active 
Students for AIDS Prevention. Political 
activism. volunteerism. Help prevent the 
spread of AIDS! Price Center. (weekly) 

Thursday. April 29 
.7:30 p.m . - KASA MeetlnC - Come to 
discuss upcoming events and KASA T·shirts. 
San Francisco/Santa Barbara Room. 

Friday. April 30 
• 7 :30-10 a.m. - Come to the Revelle 
Commuter Breakfast at the Revelle 
Commuter Lounge. All you can eat for half a 
buck. (weekly) 
• S-10 a.m. - Warren Commuter Breakfast. 
Meet fellow students and fill up before 
cl .... Lit. Bldg. 2nd floor conference room. 
All you can eat! Only 50¢. (weekly) 
• 10:30 a.m. - Join Third Colle,e 
Convnuter BoIIrd and help plan events. 
Meetings at Third College Dean ' s conference 
room. (weekly) 
• 12 p .m. - AA Meetlnc - Student 
Center A. room 113. Large conference 
room. I weekly) 
. 2:30 p .m . - Native American Student 
Alliance INASA) meet s weekly on Fridays 
at the Grove . Come and get involvedl 
(weekly) 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

EVEnTS & RE[REATIOn 
Monday-Thursday 

.9 p.m.·2 a.m . - Late nl."t coffee "-. 
"Cafe Diana at the CM. Good music. variety 
of yummy baked goods . Specialty coffees 
and teas. Open microphone ... (weekly) 

Wednesday-Sunday 
• (8 p.m .. Wed .• Fri.; 2 p.m .• 8 p.m .. Sat.: 7 
p.m .• Sun.) - UCSD Theatre prasenta 
Outside Down . a new play by th ird year 
graduate student Stuart Ostfeld. directed by 
Robert Bailey. This emotionally charged play 
is about a young man fighting to come to 
terms with the violent death of his older 
brother in a world which seems to offer no 
easy solutions . Mandell Weiss Forum. $6/ 
student admission . 534·4574 for 
information. 

Monday. April 26 
• 4 p.m. - Open Mikel - At the Grove 
Caffe. All musicians welcomel Listeners 
welcome. too. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Graduate Student PIzuI and 
Beer Social hosted by the Catholic 
Community at the Catholic Lounge next to 
the University Lutheran Church . 

Tuesday. April 27 
. 7·9 p.m. - Meet Thurgood M-.halt. a 
UCSD Community Forum: Provost C. Lytle. 
Prof. P Irons . Prof. J. Cooper·Alexander 
(St anford). Dramatic recreation of the 
Supreme Court oral arguments in Brown 
versus the Bd. of Education. Also ' War 
against the Co nstitu tion: actual oral 
argument of the Little Rock school 
segregation case in 1958. Price Center 
Ballroom. 

Wednesday. April 28 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the Hump -<:ome 
out and eat lunch with LGBA. Bring your own 
food. (weekly) 
• 4 p .m . - Grove ,Igs will feature 
"Wood" in a free show at the Grove 
Caffe . 

Thursday. April 29 
. 10 a.m.·5 p.m . - Grove Gallery presenta 
" Verdict L.A." - Recent Serigraphs from 
Self Help Graphics · - Prints which address 
issues surrounding the events following last 
year's Rodney King verdict. and reflect life in 
the City of the Angels as seen through the 
eyes of the artists. Continues Monday to 
Friday (10 a.m .·5 p.m .) and Saturday (10 
a.m.·2 p.m. I through June 13. 
• 6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday night 
supper for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD 
Catholic Community. Come to the University 
Lutheran Church . (weekly) 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry NI&ht at Cafe Diana at 
the CM Cafe. Bring your own poetrY.listento 
others or do both. (weekly) 

Friday. April 30 
• 8 a.m.·10 a .m. - The Warren College 
Commuter Breakfast has moved to Fridaysl 
Join us and pig out before class. Literature 
Building. 2nd floor conference room. All you 
can eat. only 50¢ . (weekly) 
• 12 p.m. - Red Hot Chilly Bash - It's 
back ! Live bands featuring Drown 11 
benefiting the San Diego Boys and Girls 
Club. Price Center. 

Saturday. May 1 
.3·5 p.m. - Mandeville Gallery Present. 
Selected Work. of Conrad Atkinson -
Acknowledged as one of Brita in's most 
important artists. Conrad Atkinson has 
incorporated hi s concerns about popular 
culture and the politics of the day into the 
art he has created for the past 20 years . 
SpeCial opening reception today. Works 
on display in Mandeville Gallery Tuesday 
to Sunday (12 p.m.·5 p.m. ) through June 
13. 

Sunday. May 2 
• 12·2 p.m. - Radio Calif. - Weekly 
program for Raza . Interviews and muslca 
picosa! (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - Two free tours of the UCSO 
campus are offered th is spring by the UCSO 
Visitors Program. The bus tours are the first 
and third Sundays of each month from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion. The walking 
tours are on alternate Sundays from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion . Reservations : 
call 534-4414 . (weekly) 

RELIGIOUS SERVI[ES 
Wednesday. April 28 

• 6 p.m . - Supper Is .erved to 
students by Un iversity Lutherans. 
Everyone welcome . Contribution 
reQuested . but no required . At the 
University Lutheran Church (across from 
Revelle College ). 
• 7 p.m. - "Flm Corinthians" - Bible 
study topiC led by Campus Pastor John 
Huber. Open to all . University Lutheran Church 
(across from Revelle College) . 
• 8 p.m. - "What I. Our Divine Purpose 
and Human Potentlel?" - Presented by 
Campus Pastor John Huber. All are welcome. 
University lutheran Church (across from 
Revelle College). 

Thursday. April 29 
.6 p.m. - Navl&ators Prayer Meelln • • Call 
455-5523 for info. (weekly) 

Friday. April 30 
• 12 p.m. - 1.lamlc Friday Prayer in the 
Price Center. For Info. call Yusuf at 450-
4681. (weekly) 

Sunday. May 2 
• 10:15 a.m. - Lutheran Communion 
service. University Lutheran Church (across 
the street from Revelle College). Open to 
all . 

'Monday, April 26, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

UCSD Buoyed 
By Victories 
WATERSKlNG: Both men and women triwnph at home 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD watersld team, playing 
host at Mission Bay this weekend, took 
advantage of the familiar surroundings 
to capture first place in the men's and 
women's competitions. 

The Triton women "established 
themselves as the dominant team in the 
western retlion." according to Assistant 
Coach Bill Sclmeidetwind UCSD won 
all three events, the slalom, trick and 
jump. over schools such as Cal Poly San 
Luis Obispo and Chico State. 

UCSD's Tami Walker was the 
women's individual winner, placing 
sixth in Saturday's trick event and tying 
forthirdin yesterday' s jumping. Walker 
won the slalom on Saturday by round-
ing two-and-a-half buoys at 32 mph. 

Triton Cindy Best was second over-
all on the strength of third-place finishes 
in the slalom and trick events and a fifth 
in the jump. Teammate Alicia Battles 
was third ovefalJ. 

Alison Walmsley. the Trito~' top 

GOLF: 
ContInued from .... 16 
those four scores would count early 
because both Pete [Roberts] and Jim 
[O'Grady] had trouble early," UCSD 
Head Coach Mike Wydra said Robens 
ended up with a mark of 81 while 
O'Grady fmished at 82. 

"We played well enough, but no one 
was happy with their scores. We could 

skier, destroyed all competition in the 
nick event. fmishing with 800 points. 
Her nearest competitor fmished with 
240. Walmsley also placed second in 
the slalom. completing one-am-a-half 
buoys at 32 mph. She needed only to 
land one jump to take the overa1l title. 
but W1Characteristica1ly fell on both. . 

The men were almost as successful 
as their female counterparts. The Tri-
tons captw-ed the overall title, winning 
the trick am slalom events. Dave Sasse 
was the individual champion, placing 
fourth in the slalom, third in the jump 
and third in trick. UCSD's Duane Gee 
won his specialty event, the slalom, 
with a four buoy at 28 feet off marie 

"It was an excellent townament," 
UCSD Head Coach Russell Johnson 
said "I was totally pleased with the 
results." 

Gee will be joining Walmsley and 
Amy Burton, who placed second in the 
jump event, at the national All-Stars 
Tournament, a national competition in 
Columbia. South Carolina on May 7-9. 

have played better," Wydra said 
After three matches at Torrey, the 

Tritons have shot scores of30 I, 3<Xiam 
300. Wydra figures that rounds of 304 
may be good enough to win the upcom-
ing NCM Division illNational ClJam-
pionships to be held at Torrey Pines, but 
thinks his team is capable of flat 300s. 
That would give UCSD a total of 1200 
which, according to Wydra, would 
clinch the championship for UCSD. 

MOVI ovar, boomepsl 
13TH BEN will not be ig_ped. 

Born 1961-1981, the 13th generation since 
the.founding fathers is 80 million strong and even 
larger than the baby boom. 13TH GEN is a book 
that explores this generation's attitudes on sex, 

ethnicity, careers, parents, downward 
mobility, culture, and music. 

By Neil Howe and Bill Strauss 
Crashed by Ian Williamsl'tooned by R.J. Matson 

Now in paperback 0 A VINTAGE ORIGINAL 

LJCSD 
BOOKSTORE 

534-READ 

• United States Department of State 
CAREER OPPORTUNITY 

INFORMATION SESSION 
Learn about the Foreign Service Examination and 
the challenge of representing the U.s. abroad. As 

well as information on Civil Service Careers. 
DATE: 

TIME: 

PLACE: 

SPEAKERS: 

Wednesday, April 28 

5:00 - 9:00 p.m. 

Price Center Building 
Room 10 - The Cove 

Raymond C. Ewing 
Foreign Service Officer 
Former U.S. Ambassador to Cyprus 
and Ghana 

Barbara T. Anderson 
Personnel Staffing Specialist 

All Students are Welcome 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Automollve Repairs 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mltsubishi Isuzu Acura Oa 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. /I includes: 

2. Dislributor poinls 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. AdjuSI dwell angle 
7. C heck brakes 
8 . Check c/ulch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road lest 

---------

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
. Extra for fuel· injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

t . Compression test 
2. Valve adjustmenl 11 . Adjust timing 20. Lube front end . 26. Check and recharge 

Raplace: 12. Adlust dwell angle 21. Check & replenish all batteries. If necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. t3 . Adlust carburetor . fluid & oil levels 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. t4 . Adlust alf & fuel ratIO 22. Check electflcal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. D,stributor points. mixture 23. Check lor loose & 10Sl 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. t 5. Adjust steeflng box boits 32. Check all holders 
7. Air filter . 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
6. Oil filter. 17. AdJuSI brakes 25. Check clulch hoses 
9. Gas liller. and 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lighls 34. Check exhaust syslem 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road lesl 

belts for damages 
Note: lor 6-cylonde, cars add $20. Toyota Supra • . add $30 DalSun 200SX With 8 spa,k plugs. add $35. 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg . $80) 
We replace ' Front or rear. 

. . . ' . 1. InSlall special new pads Brake job includes ' 
1. TransmissIOn Input shaft 4. Throwout beaflng or install rear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilol bearings 2. Drain old brake lIuid 6. Adiust Ironl (II drums) 
2. Pressure plale 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydraulic system 7. Replace Ironl rolor 
Note: Hydraulic pans are not covered, NOllor 4WD. Front wheal 
aIVe extra. 

4. Rellil hydraulIC lIuid seals (If 'olor. turn) 
5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road test 

Note. Hyctaulic pans W8 nOl Inducted 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
. All our work has a 2-year or 20,DOO-mlle limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

overseas 
AubnaIIve Rlpli. 
•••••• 6. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

WIIh IhIa lid. Expim 512193 
Call for appoinll1l8l1l. 

To.'.' ", 0 ".". " .It" '.' " [1." f o.J, Ie,·· p'" Open Saturday 

• 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Nolaly 
Pubic? If so, call 587-7911. (1/4-613) 
INJURED? Classes missed? Make-
up exams? Compensation for your 
interrupted class schedule, injuries, 
lost wages, medical costs. CaB the 
law offices of Spencer Busby and 
Associates at 283-8000. (4119-5113) 
Are you a MONKEY or a MANII Us· 
ten to the evidence and decide for 
yourself I THURSDAY, APRIL 29th 
6:00 p.m. EVOLUTION/CREATION 
DEBATE - at San Diego State Uni· 
versity. More info coming. (4122-41 
26) 

MOTHERS DAY Give mom the .1 
GIFT in America. Name a STAR for 
her 714-283-9114. (4126-4129) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmail's ... ................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS II DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... .455-0662 
Domino's ................... ... 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 45Z-0524 
Yakimono ............... ...... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto .......... ......... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ..... ......... 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ...... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Dearinger's ............. ...... 454-1 000 
Young Attitudes ........... .457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 
Primo Hair (Terra) ....... .455-0046 
UCSD HEALTH. mNESS 
Being Fit ............. .......... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............ 535-1 379 
Tan 4 Less .................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye .............. .. 452-7374 
Vision Care ... .......... ... ... 578·6796 

UCSD MUSIC. VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ......... ..... 452-0630 
Traveller'S Depot ..... ..... 483-1421 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyper1earning ......... ..... .455-1 000 
MCAT Review ........ ...... 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 

UCSDNIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (LJ Marriott) 
..................................... 587-1414 

Volleybar & Grill ........... . 270-7860 

UCSD ETC. 
SI. Germain·s ...... .......... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 26, 1993 

WANTED r1 .. 
I J 

-

-JASSIFIEDS GUARANTEED $400 Two student clubs needed for fall project. Your group GUARANTEED at least 
$400.00. Must call BEFORE END OF 
TERMI 1-800-932-0528, Ext. 99. (41 
22-4129) Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words;is $1 for 

students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday/or Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian resenoes the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more itiformation 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student C;enter A, top fl()()~ 

Individuals who suffer from 
headaches. To be inctuded in a 
drugless research study. Dr. Finley 
452-2882. (4122-5117) 

Work with handicapped child. Part· 
time flexible houns. Must be patient 
and loving. References required. 259-
7876. (4126) 

MEET THURGOOD MARSHALL. A 
UCSD Community Forum. Tuesday. 
April 27. Price Center Ballroom. 7-9 
p.m. Provost Cecil Lytle. Professor 
Peter Irons, Professor Janet Cooper· 
Alexander (Stanford Law Sch). ' May 
It Please the Court." a dramatic recre· 
ation of the Supreme Court oral argu· 
ments in Brown versus the Board of 
Education. 'War against the Constitu· 
tion," actual oral argument made by 
Thurgood Marshall in the Uttle Rock 
school desegregation case in 1958. 
And excerpts from award·winnlng TV 
documentary. (4126) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1 ,SOO WEEKLY mailing our 
circulansl... Begin NOWI FREE packet! 
SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 4000. Cordova, 
TN 38018-4000. (2111-4129) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Eam 
$2,000+/month + world travel. Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No experience necessary. 
For employment program call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C5976. (4112-4129) 
Children's dey cemps In Agoure 
seek special . caring. fun people. 
General counselors & specialty 
instructors for horseback riding, crafts, 
swimming, nature. drama, boating! 
fishing, music, gymnastics & morel 
Great summer jobsl (818) 889-8383. 
(418-5110) 

Hiring Todayl Established local 
company needs 5 enthusiastic sports 
minded individuals for part· time orlull· 
time positionsstartingat$12 per hour. 
Call 793-4473. (4/15-516) 
Need several barmaid/food servers 
(foxy wenches) Friday eve (5128) party. 
$50. Call 481-1673. Del Mar. (4/15-41 
26) 

, 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-800-
436-4365 ext. P-3387. (4115-5110) 
SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn 
$12-$14 p/hr. Dolfun Swimming 
Lessons. Flex hours. all areas, call 
Greg. (619) 491-4837. (4119-5/17) 

FINANCIAL PLANNER'S ASST. -
Client screening. no selling, $6-$91 
hour. Flexible shifts Sun· Thurs. 
evenings 6-9 p.m. Phone experience 
helpfull Contact Susan or Sharlene at 
484-5717 . We.tern Flnenclel 
Plennlng. Solana Beach. (4119-4129) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT • 
Make $2,OOO+ImoIWh teaching basic 
conversational English abroad. Japan & 
T awan. No previous training required. 
Foremploymentpmgramcall:(206)632-
1146 ext J5976. (4119-516) 

San Diego Marketing Company 
looking for sales reps & management 
trainees. Earn what you're worth. Call 
now. 4SO-9555. (4126) 
GRADUATES Donl get a job, stat a 
career. NationaImarkstirgOOflllEW1Yneeds 
sales reps/manageIs immeciatefy il aid 
expansion. Training provided. FTIPT 
Available· cal fer apt. 450-9555. (4126) 

Being Fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachens. Call 483-9294. Certification 
not required. (4126-516) 

RAISE A COOL $1 ,000.00 IN JUST 
ONE WEEKI For your frat, sorority, club. 
+$1000 FOR YOURSELF I And a FREE 
IGLOO COOLER if you quaify. Call 1-
800-932-Q528. Ext. 65. (4126) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on·campus Notary 
Public? II so, call 587-7911 . (1 /4-6/3) 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtI .. ",d,Jrimd(, ntlllosplJm' .I/'IIIbtr AIM. CDA. S/X DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA OIL, SUITE 2103 
Top FI.or, 11I1t behilld 1/]( EleplJnll1 Rnr 

558·3490 
Epmill.!]l & Snnmfn! 

App.illltnillts Apailnble 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT·OFFS e FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COO STUFF 
F A I R .M A I R 5 

~879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11-6:30. 222-0220 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St. Germain·s. 452-9949. (1/19-
613) 
CLARITY SERVICES Editing: proof· 
reading, comments. Tutoring: writing. 
English. math. Test preparation. Ex· 
perienced. reasonable. 294-48601584-
4708. (3/29-4/29) 

V1ollnlVlole Lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can leam from an experi· 
enced, professional teacher. Nowac· 
cepting students - all ages and lev· 
els welcome I Call Conrad, 466-0525. 
(3129-613) 
Need typing/word processing done? 
Will do any size·job. any type of job. I 
will also do editing if needed or wanted. 
Call Carol481 -6364 evenings. (4/1-61 
3) 

PHYSlCSlMA TH TUTOR. Masters in 
Physics with TA experience. $151hr. 

~~. (4/5-5/6) 
Need money for college? Recorded 
message gives details. 221-2922. (41 
12-4129) 

Lash tint. facials. waxing. acne 
treatment. Highest quality products. 
Parvaneh's Skincare. 552-1174. 10% 
off with ad. (4112,5113) 

TERM PAPERSITHESISI RESUMESI 
Don'twastemoney &timeatdo-it-yourselt 
centefs. RELAX + let us do your word-
processing. hall the cost. hall the timel 
Free pickup + deivery. (619) 292-8444 
(24 hrs.) (411%'3) 

Cracked windshield? Repair now 
before it spreads. Avoid costly 
replacement by caiing GLAS$AVERS 
today I Low student rate at $30. Free 
mobileservioewill repairatschool. home. 
or workplace. 436-4842. (4119-5.'6) 
VISION TUTORING SERVICES . 
SpeCializes in Biology· Chemistry . 
Econ • Spanish. Low personalized or 
group rates. 793-9174. (4/19-5/3) 

Money for College. Scholarships 
available regardless of GPA or 
parental i~me. Guaranteed results. 
For free Information packet call (619) 
688-2347. (4122-5/6) 

RESUMES. Satisfaction Guaranteed. 
$29 package includes extensive 
consultation. custom resume, maiing, 
and faxing. Cover letters and typesetting 
available. Cail TheOutstanding Resume 
for a complementary broctlJre or FREE 
CONSULTATION. 587-8148. (4126) 

DON'TTHROWrr AWAY. Get money 
for dorm size refrigerator. Please Call 
Wendy 455-0558 ext 380. (4126) 

Babysitter needed I 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Any day convenient. Walking distance 
from UCSD. Call 455-5511. (4126) 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with 
parve. Appraised $11,200.00. 
Sacrifice $6.000.00. Call 454-2089. 
(318-5/1 ) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks. boats. 
4wheelers, motorhomes. by FBI, IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 1-
800-436-4363 ext. C-7556. (4115-51 
10) 

Mattress. Twin size, perfect condition. 
No box spring or frame. Only $40 
o.b.o. Call 457-1990. (4/19-4126) 

Honda Elite 80. white, 1986. New 
tires. registered. $6SO o.b.o. Call 481-
4355. (4/19-5/3) 
LOW PRICE 31/2 disks for sale . OS! 
DO and DS/HD. Reliable and 
guaranteed. Call Patrick 558-6536. 
( 4119-4129) 

SURFBOARD and WETSUrrs 5'11" 
tri·fin surfboard; ONeill SIM full and 
spring suit each $80 or both for $145; 
Bodyglove 2/3MM S/M full suit $50. 
Robert 587-8672. (4119-5/3) 

NEED TO SELL: 36'x48' drafting table 
$75; love seat $40; armchair $30; 
Asolo full grain leather men's hiking 
boots $65 size 7; Photography 60 
equipment; o.b.o. Call Robert 587-
8672. (4/19-5/3) 

Stereo/receiver. dual tape deck. high 
speed dubbing, phonograph, CD 
hookup, speakers. $50. Stuv. 452-
6465. (4/22-5/6) 

Kayak. 17 foot 2 person with 
everything, good condition, must sell 
$155. Call Ron 554-1894. (4/22-4/26) 

Confidential Condoms I We offer only 
the highest quality latex condoms. 
Write for more information. RC 
Distributons. PO Box 967. Del Mar, 
CA 92014. (4/22-4/29) 

Surfboard 6'4" Local Motion thruster. 
Good condo good rides, $90.00. 452-
3003. (4126-5/3) 

White '86 Honda CRX HF. Xlnt cond. 
60.000mi. $4.S00.00 Drive it at 1 0789 
Sorrento Valley Road (Pat's). (4/29) 

N A I L SPECIALS I~ 
J 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 
np Ow.,.., Reg. $45 $24.95 

FillS $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Fiberglass Neils with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

"anlcures' Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing SfJIrting .. $3 

.. anlana $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

11111 AlII) WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Not VIIId ..... ." _ OI1lIa ExpiNllillCW3 

Monday, April 26, 1993 

Honda Elite 80. 1986, red. 6000 miles. 
Helmet, lock. permit included. $500. 
Cali 587-0541 Maureen. (4126-516) 
New computers tailored to your needs. 
Guaranteed low price. Cali for pricing, 
Patrick 558-6536. (4126) 

Macintosh software: Zortech C++, 
SAM, Norton Utilities. $299. Borland 
C++ videos + workbook. $75. 558-
8471 . (4/26) 

FOR SALE. 1984 RABBIT. Manual. 
fuel injected. AlC, clean, runs good, 
103K, alt records. $1200 o.b.o ., 546-
8716. (4/26-5/10) 

1989 Honda Elite 50 Scooter • low 
miles. includes hetmet. $500/0.b.o. 
Call Paul 268-1182. (4126,5/3) 
12 String Acoustic Guitar Fender wI 
case . $200.00; like new monitors 
100W $225.00 pair. 452-3003. (4/26-
5/3) 

Honda Elite 80 , 1985 great 
transportation I Red w/helmet. 6K 
miles. $695.00 o.b.o. 455-0494. (41 
26-4/29) 
4 chrome rims (Slug) ; 2 Firestone tires 
(31.5 x 10.5). $200 o.b.o .. 546-8982 
leave message. (4/26) 
FOR SALE Gameboy: hardly used. with 
Tetris and Ren+Stimpy cartridges. 
$51 .00. Call Dawn at 48&4083. (4/26) 

'66 MERCEDES 250 SE COUPE Wilte 
wlblack leather interior, wainutdasMrim. 
Automatic. ·straight six' cylinder, 
mechanical fuel injection. Airooncitioning. 
Sunroof. Beautiful! Call for appoi ntment: 
753-2106 or 931-4096(w). (4/26-5/6) 

"Come unto me, " 
saith the Lord. " 

HOUSING 
Furnished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 
bdr .. 1 ba .• balcony. $825.00. 619-
491-1196 or 714-779-0540. (314-5/5) 
3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
available July or September. $11401 
month. Nina 792-6453. (418-4/29) 
FOR RENT: University City ptaymor; 
$1250.00 3BR. 2.5BA; 1550 sq.ft . 
condo ; all appliances ; CLEAN & 
QUIET. July 1; 454-6462. (4/8-513) 

Room in Hillcrest 3bd/2ba house. 
$35O/mo.+1/3 utilities. 15 min walk to 
UCSD shuttle. 291-2955. (4112-4/26) 
Single. unfurnished room for rent in 
University City . Washer. dryer. 
microwave. cable TV. 10 minutes from 
UCSD. $300/month +1 /3 utilities. 
Available now through6l19. 558-2076. 
(4/12-4/26) 

Female for own room in 3bd. 2 1/2ba 
townhouse In UC Playmor. $365/mo. 
1/3 utils. $300 dep. 546-0695. (4/15, 
4126) 
House for rent U.C. 5BD. 4BA. 3 
singles 2 doubles w/baths. All 
appliances. Pool + spa. 3000 sq.tt. 
Avail. mid·end June for 1 yr. lease. 
Call Mike @ 558-7535. Please leave 
message. (4/19-513) 

Part·time sitter/companion for boy, 12. 
Private room. board. kitchen & laundry 
privileges, $50 weekly salary. Up to 20 
hnslwk. Weekends & evenings; no 
daytime houns. Begin summer or fall. 
Undergraduate female nonsmoker. Car 
required. Del Mar. 481-6115. (4119-5/3) 

CATCH A RIDE 
ON A JET l.. 
ANnIME! T 
Europe ........ $269 
New York .... $129 
Hawaii .. ....... $129 
Call for program description 

AIRHITCH 
1·800-397·1. 

~ 
SPECIAL STANDBY 

. iR~R~tmRES. 
It'. easy, ;ust came in Ina appointment) 

and take the next available stylist 

Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service. it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: ~-F·S 9-6pm ; T·W -T 9-Bpm 

......... -- ~ 
........ ---_ .... 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav·On) 
IVIEN - VVDIVIEN 

The UCSD Guardian 

Female Roommate wanted. Own 
room. share bath. Solana Beach/Del 
Mar condo - beachfront. WID, 2 
pools. 2 jacuzzi. tennis cts .. gated. 
481-9249. evenings. Ask for Scott. 
Available May 11 (4129) 
A great room for rent over the 
summer. Located in University 
City. own bedroom. backyard. 
access to Rose Canyon. and close 
to shopping, etc . Call 457-4144. 
(4/22-4/26 ) 

New. bright rental in UTC area: 2 
bedroom. 2 bath condo with fireplace, 
washer/dryer. secured parking. $9951 
month . Negotiable with lease. 
Available 5/1. call 688-0054. (4/22-41 
26) 

Female roommate needed for 
summerl Own room in 3-bdrm 
condo in UTC area. available 61 
15. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, 
pool . etc . $378 + 1/3 utilities. 587-
2656 . (4/22' 4/26) 
LARGE BEDROOM for rent in a 
spacious 4 bedroom furnished 
house. Available for SUMMER. Off 
La Jolla Scenic Drive · walk/bike 
to UCSD $390 / month + 1/ 5 
utilities . Jennifer. 457-4452 . (41 
22 -4/26) 
Housemate wanted. Large Del Mar 
home. Private room, bath . garage, 
washer/dryer. rent negotiable. 554-
9944. (4/22,4/26) 

Female roommate wanted. non· 
smoker. Own room. unfurnished. Mira 
Mesa house. $3OO/mo. $300 dep. If 
interested, call 693-1789 and please 
leave message. (4126-4129) 

Room 4 rent in La Jolla, NR MT 
Soledad. $5OO/mo incl all utitities. WI 
D. Ocean View. Call 454-85n. (4/26-
4129) 
Available July 1st. Own room. 5 min 
walk to UCSD. Pool, tenniS, laundry. 
455-9678. (4126-4129) 

511-5/31 own room, pool, tennis . 5-
minute walk UCSD (ditch that permit!) 
$300 inc/utilities . 455-9678. (4126-41 
29) 

Female roommate wanted for summer. 
Newquietcondo nearSorrento Valley. 
10 min from UCSD. Own room , 
washer/dryer. pool. $300/month + 1/3 
utilities. Nonsmoker please. No pets. 
558-1390. (4/26-516) 

Perfect for summer sessions. Short 
walk to campus from La Jolla Terrace 
apartment. All appliances + 1 car 
garage. 2 bed. 1.25 bath . $875/mo. 
Ready 6/20. Call Mark 558-8708. (41 
26-5113) 

FOR RENT. Studio in La Jolla, single 
orcoupte. own kitchen. own bathroom. 
Share whole house with large deck, 
ocean view, 3 blocks from beach, close 
to UCSD. $620. 551-0241 . (4126-41 
29) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Carmel Valley NlS Room $375. Share 
bath. $500 private bath + utilties. 
deposit. Call 481-7449. (4126-4129) 

LOST AND FOUND 
I found a watch on North Campus 
parking lot. Call Michele G. 755-6301 . 
( 4115-5113) 
Owner left behind 4/14 man's 
prescription glasses at the Guardian 
office. 534-3466. (4119-4126) 

PERSONALS 
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Sigma Chi. 
Sigma Nu - Biker Bash was a blast I 
Party on ·til next year. dudesl - xil. 
(4/26) 

The first cave 
drawings were 

actually ads for 
bison meat. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? H ow 
many thousand of hours? And now 
you have to take the MeAT. Is 
there such a thing as overkilJ in 
a si tuation like this? 

H yperlearning offers 
the most in tensive 
M AT prepara -
tion course avail-
able. We work 
hard to make sure 
you get the most for 
your dollar. The most houn;, 
the most motiva ting environ-
ment, the most cu rrent materi al, and 
the most qualified instructors avai lable. 

skiUs. In addition to these tests, we work through MeAT 
passages every time the class meets. Nothing you encounter 

on the MeAT should be a surprise. 

Rigorous writing sample work 
Youll write founeen half-hour es ays. While this 

program typically improves scores dramatical-
ly, some students need more help. W e've 

de.igned one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for students who stiU have 

concerns about this important subscore. 

Help with Ihe ap~ication process 
W e won' t abandon you after the 
MeAT. W e have interview and 

The longest. mosl (om~lete, and mosl intensive MtAT course available 

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U .. 
allopathic medical chools. W e 
have the AMCAS application 
template on our M acintoshes· 

so you can work on your appli-
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than 150 to tal hours. 0 wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
" Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

We design and re·design our MeAT cou~e for you • We help you re-learn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
you'll need to get a winning MeAT score. 

Specialized inslructors who are experts in [heir field 

All of our materials are subject to studen t 
feedba k on areas of confusion. W e continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 

• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-
cialized instructors. 

• All ins tru cto rs have earned at least a 
M aster's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MtAT diagnosli(s to focus your effort~ right from Ihe slart 
You'll take two computerized diab'1l0 tic tests in addi-

and Verbal materials to emphasi7.c the conceptual skilJs 
. demanped by the new format M AT. We now offer 1600 
pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice questions and MeAT -style passages. 

Any queslions? 
J ust give us a call at 

800-843-4973' 
tion to the two fi.11I- ie!1gth MCATs we administer. Taking We'll make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the first d iag nostic test early in t he course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak ar~as in both science knowledge and test- taking 

~ I 
WHEN IT'S TIME TO GET SERIOUS ABODT THE TEST. SM 



14 SPORTS 

ROBERT"S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(I-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(61 t))2 ;-,>-11 ::2 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-S:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm We use end recommend Keoda{I '!I 

IubricMs to OUI customers. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

' Except motor and transmission overhaul. 
Not valid with any other coupon. 

~in?-~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Flojos .--$-2-0-F-F-----, Big Sizes 
any purchase of $15.00 or more 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

.l4 S4l144k 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488-1134 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 26,1993 

Tritons Give· Davis a Run 
M1'ER POLO: UCSD bies, 9-6, in overtime of Western championship final 
ay ...... K.Hutto 
Staff Writer 

After capturing tim: consecutive 
water polo championships and placing 
an exceedingly high manher of players 
on u.s. Nalional reams. one would 
think respect for the Triton women's 
squad would be as prevalent as LSD III 
a Dead show. Instead. the oddsmakers 
and team-rankers have somehow dis-
missed UCSD from its usual pole posi-
tion. Obviously, they don't know Head 
Coach Denny Harper or his incurable' 
addiction: winning. 

The Tritons traveled north for the 
We<>tem QualifICation Tournament held 
in San Luis Obispo last weekend, sue-
cessfuUy recapturing a pool fuU of re-
spect and converting any unbelievers. 

UCSD was ranked third in the seven 
team tournament, behind SDSU and 
munber-one UC Davis. The seed was 

more of a political raOOng than a true 
assessment of team strength. according 
to Harper, buI the placemenr fed fuel to 
the Tritons' file. 

OCSDopened play Salurday with a 
forfeit win over UC Berkeley. Cal only 
brougIu six players to a table pony of 
seven and had to concede the march. 

The second game of the day saw the 
Tritons uneventfully destroy the Ant-
eaters of UC Irvine 14-3. 

Number-two seed San Diego State 
provided Harper's-counterattack-
happy-speedsters wilh their fm legiti-
mate challenge of the tournament Be-
fore a capacity crowd, the Tritons si-
lenced aU critics, overwhelming the 
Aztecs 11-7. Driver Alison Westfall 
and hole-set JulieSwail both tallied four 
goa\s a piece in the not so-upset victory, 
giving the Tritons a birth in the semifi-
nals against host Cal Poly held Sunday. 

UCSD feU behind SLO 4-2 after the 
first half, but second half shutout de-
fense anchored by sophomore goalie 
leona Mason turned the tide in the 
Tritons' favor. Jennifer Payne ripped a 
rifle shot to the upper comer of the cage 
on a man-down (6-00-5) situation, pr0-
viding the only offense UCSD would 
need in the 64 win 

The championship game pitted the 
Tritons against number-one seed UC 
Davis. The fm quaner ended in a I-I 
standoff, but the second quaner went to 
the Aggies 2-\' The Triton defense 
again kicked in with UCSD blanking 
Davis 2-0 in the third. The fourth quaner 
went to Davis 2-1, bringing the score to 
5-5 and forcing overtime. The Aggies 
conlJ'OlIed the additional minutes, tak-
ing the title 9-6. 

"We had a great weekend and ev-
eryone played great," said Harper. 

Sports Yleek Wrap-Up 
SOFTBALL 

The Tritons squared off in a double-
header III Azusa PacifIC on ThW'Sday 
but couldn't knock off the Tigers, who 
won the Triton Classic Tournament a 
couple of weeks ago. 

UCSD lost the fm game, 6-1, with 
Azusa getting to Triton hw-\er Kristy 
McCauley early and often. 

The second game was a case of 
fruslration for UCSD. Despire collect-
ing 12 hits, the Tritons managed only 
three ruDS in an 8-3 loss. 

"When you get 12 hits you expect to 
score more. It' s pretty frustrating, "Head 
Coach Patricia Gerckens said. 

- Gregg Wrenn 

VOLLEYBALL 
Fighting to stay out of the cellar 

in the Mountain Pacific Sports Fed-
eration, the UCSD volleyball team 
couldn't take advantage of its best 
opportunity on Friday ,losing in four 
games to Pacific, II-IS, 15-3, 15-
13, 16-14. The loss dropped the 
Tritons to 2-23 overall, 1-17 in con-
ference action. 

Steve Kremser led VCSD with 
27 kills while teammate Neal 
O'Brien notched 16. Tyson Kerr 
recorded 14 kills and led the team 
with a .423 hitting percentage. 

The Tigers' attack focused on 
three players, all of whom recorded 
at least 25 kills. Darren Lance had a 
match-high 30 kills while Jeff Hall 
had 27 and Brian Belding knocked 
down 25. 

- Gregg Wrenn 

Dan McDoweIl/Guatdian 
Kurt Lulnen went the distance. 

USfBAII 
The UCSD baseball team, trying to 

get over a mid-season slump, took to the 
road to face Menlo ina three game series 
this weekend. After losses to La Verne 
and Southern California College, the 
Tritons' (13-14-1) playoff hopes could 
hardly afford a loss that would drop 
them below the .500 mark. 

But the Oaks were no easy cure for 
UCSD's woes on Saturday, handing the 
Tritons an 8-5 loss. 

Kwt Luhrsen (54) went the dis-
tance for UCSD, giving up 10 hits but 
not getting any help from the defense. 
The Tritons were up 54 going into the 
top of the seventh when they gave up 
four runs to the Oaks, three of them 
unearned. 

UCSD's offense was spaiXed by 
Dan O'Brien. who went 3-5 with his 
fourth home run of the season, a two-run 
blast in the sixlh inning. 

- Gregg Wrenn 

ClEW 
The UCSD men's and women's 

crewteam struck gold in Sacramento. In 
fact, the team took home a truckload of 
precious metals, earning two gold, two 
silver and two bronze medals on the 
way to a third-place overall finish III the 
17 -team Califomia Stale Champion-
ships on Lake Notoma last Satwday. 
The Tritons' third-place showing III the 
championships was the best in team 
histOI)'. 

In the men's varsity eight, UCSD 
captured the gold wilh a time of 6:02. 
The Tritons earned their second gold 
medal of the championships when the 
women's lightweight four crossed the 
finish line in 7 :57, routing UC Davis by 
23 seconds. 

UCSD earned a silver medal when 
the men's novice eight finished a SCld 
four seconds behind UC Davis. The 
Tritons' othergoldmedal was collected 
by the men's quad team with a time of 
7:46, ten seconds behind winner UC 
SantaBarbara. 

The women's varsity eight finished 
third wilh a time of7:31, 15.9 seconds 
behind gold medalist UC Santa Bar-
banl. UCSD's women's varsity four 
squad narrowly missed the bronze wilh 
a fourth-place finish. 

The Tritons were buoyed by the 
strong perfonnances of several novice 
boars. The women 'ssecondnoviceeight 
finished in fifth place, and the women's 
first novice eight came in sixtlt The 
men's novice four turned in a time of 
7:36, good for fourth place. 

-Art Root 

Meel 
Thurgood EGISTERED UNDERGRADSAND POSTOOCrS 
Marshall 
Cecil Lytle 
as Thurgood 
Marshall in a 
dramatic 
recreation of 
Brown vs. 
The Board 
of Education 

Price 
Canter 
lallrulm 
7pm 
a.llrI 

"COVER YOUR BOD" 
WITH 

SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

Stu.nt Premium - $159.00 
Spouse - $263.10 
Children - $179.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 

Monday, AI)ril 26, J 993 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Floor. Come and 
get involved!! 

STATE OF THE CAMPUS ADDRESS 
FREE ADMISSION to hear Chancel-
lor Atkinson, Vice Chancellors 
Caserio and Watson, A.S. Presi-
dent Holmes, and A.S. President-
elect Siwabessy discuss the 
current condition of UCSD. Mon-
day, May 3 at 12 noon in the Price 
Center Plaza. 

CALLING ALL ARTISTS 
WANTED: Creative, visual, artistic 
interpretati'ons of the current plight 
of higher education to display at· 
Higher Education Poverty Carnival 
sponsored by ASUCSD External 
Affairs Department on Thursday, 
May 13. Call 534-4450 for more 
information. 

AIDS AWARENESS FAIR 
Come by Price Center Plaza on 
Tuesday, April 27 from 11:30 am -
1:30 pm for information about 
AIDS and its prevention. Also, 
beginning Wednesday, April 21 in 
the Price Center, you can send 
your friend a condomgram. 

ART SHOWINGS 
Display your talents on campus at 
the CM Cafe. Call 625-8397 for 
more information. 

ASAP MEETING 
Get involved with Active Students 
for AIDS Prevention, come to our 
meetings Wednesday meetings at 
7 pm in the Santa Barbara Room, 
Price Center, Second Floor. Help 
prevent the spread of AIDS through 
volunteerism and political activism. 
Everybody is welcome, come on by! 

BALLROOM DANCE 
Join the UCSD Ballroom Dance 
Club for a night of dancing on 
Wednesday, May 5 from 7 - 10 pm 
in the Price Center Ballroom. The 
evening includes exhibitions by the 
UCSD Ballroom Dance teams, and 
beginners are welcome. Tickets are 
on sale at the Price Center Box 
Office, and cost only $3! Semi-
formal attire optional. Call 558-
8917 for more information. 

CONCERT ' 
Come listen to Hatehead, Tripwire, 
Pull, and Electric Kool-aid on 
Thursday, April 29 at 8 pm in 
Porter's PUb. 

CAFE DIANA AT THE CHE 
Come enjoy this late night; student-
run coffee house Every Monday 
through Thursday from 9 pm - 2 
am. For art, poetry, music, food, or 
study, check us out. The CM is 
your home too, so give us ideas 
and we'll see what we can do. 

CHE CAFE MEETING 
Find out how to volunteer or work 
at the Che every Monday at 6 pm. 
If you can't make the meeting, just 
come in when you can. Call 534-
2311 for more information. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CHESS MEETING 
Come to meetings of the Chess 
Club every Monday at 7 pm in the 
Student Center North Conference 
Room, next to Soft Reserves. 

CINCO DE MAYO 
WEEKLONG CELEBRATION 
Noche de Cultura - Monday, May 3, 
8 pm, Price Center Theater 
"La Mujer" - Tuesday, May 4, Price 
Center Gallery B 
Cinco de Mayo - Wednesday, May 
5, 10 am - 2 pm, Price Center 
Plaza 
"The History of Cinco de Mayo" -
Thursday May 6, Santa Cruz Room, 
Price Center 
Noontime Jam, Friday, May 7,12 
noon, Price Center Plaza 
Call 534-4994 for more informa-
tion . 

DIALOGUE 
Join a discussion group for men 
and women to deal with relevant 
issues and concerns, and to work 
on honest communication. Every 
Wednesday, 4 - 5 pm at the Che 
Cafe. Call 625-8397 for more 
information. 

ETHIOPIAN FOOD WEEK AT THE 
CHE 
Fresh cooked vegetarian Ethiopian 
food at lunCh, Monday, April 26-
Friday, April 30. If you have reci-
pes, drop them off or even cook 
them yourself. For more informa-
tion, call 534-2311. 

GROVE GIGS 
"Wood" will be the featured band 
this Wednesday afternoon at four 
o'clock at the Grove Caffe. Free 
and open to everyone. 

KASA MEETING 
Another exciting meeting for any 
interested members, Thursday, 
April 29 at 7:30 pm in the San 
Francisco/Santa Barbara Room. 
Play "Make a fool out of yourself 
and win a T-shirt" game. For more 
information, call 587-2707. 

MAGIC MOUNTAIN TRIP 
Join the Chinese Student Associa-
tion on Saturday, May 1 for an all 
day trip to Magic Mountain, leaving 
around 7 am from UCSD. Sign up 
at the CSA office, in Price Center 
behind Mac's Place, or call 625-
7958 by April 28. Only $19. 

MECHA ANNUAL SCHOLARSHIP 
DINNER/DANCE 
Come to this semi-formal in honor 
of scholarship recipients on 
Saturday, May 8 from 6 pm - 1 am 
in the Price Center Ballroom. 
Tickets on sale at the Price Center 
box office. Call 534-4994 for more 
information. 

MEN'S DISCUSSION GROUP 
Dialogue and workshop for men 
every Wednesday, 7 - 8 pm at the 
CM Cafe. Serves as a support 
group as well as a platform to 
debate men's role in feminism. . 
Call 625-8397 for more informa-
tion. 

MUSIC NIGHT AT CAFE DIANA 
Every Wednesday from 9 pm - 2 
am at the CM Cafe is music night. 
If we don't have the music you 
listen to, bring it in! We'll play your 
tapes or your voice. From violin to 
acoustic gUitar, we're the place! 
For more information, call 534-
2311. 

NOMINATION NIGHT 
Come find out who's running for 
next year's Chinese Student 
Association staff. If you're running 
for office, please be at the meet-
ing. For more information, call 534-
2320. 

POETRY NIGHT AT CAFE DIANA 
Express yourself every Thursday 
starting at 10 pm at the CM Cafe. 
We want you to read your poetry or 
your favorite author's. Even if you 
don't want to read, come for the 
experience of listening to the 
thoughts and dreams of our 
generation and those of the past. 
For more information, call 534-
2311. 

RED HOT CHILLY BASH 
Come enjoy a chili cook-off benefit-
ing the San Diego Boys and Girls 
Club. Live bands, featuring Drown 
11. Friday, April 30, 12 noon, Price 
Center Plaza . 

SANGAM CULTURAL SHOW 
Come watch UCSD students in an 
Indian cultural show featuring a 
fashion show, dandia raas, and 
classical singing at 8 pm on Friday, 
April 30 in the International Center. 
For more information, call 558-
8103. 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Come get involved with next year's 
yearbook. Officer positions avail-
able. Meetings Tuesdays at 5 pm 
in the Yearbook office, Price 
Center. Call 534-7491 for more 
information. 

VERDICT L.A. POETRY FORUM 
Thursday, April 29 at 5 pm at the 
Grove Caffe is your chance to 
express yourself or hear others' 
thoughts on the first L.A. verdict in 
the Rodney King case. We will 
incorporate as many poems, short 
stories, and brief commentaries as 
we can. All interested, call 625-
8397. 

CHOLESTEROL SCREENING 
Drop by Student Health Services on 
Wednesdays from 2 - 4 pm, 
Thursdays from 1 - 3 pm, and 
Fridays from 2 - 4 pm. Only $5 for 
students. 

STATE OF THE CAMPUS ADDRESS 
FREE ADMISSION to hear Chancel-
lor Atkinson, Vice Chancellors 
Caserio and Watson, A.S. Presi-
dent Holmes, and A.S. President-
Elect Siwabessy speak on the 
current condition of UCSD. The 
Address will be on Monday, May 3 
at 12 noon in the Price Center 
Plaza. Come find out about the 
decisions that affect your life. 

15 

Thursday :M:ovie 

Malcolm 

6:30 10:00 

AS Programming 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hey!! Job Opportunities! Are you interested in 

volunteer work? If so. we have a great opportu-
nity for you right hereon campus! The Volunteer 
Connection is beginning the application process 
for next year. Applications are available this 
week. Available positions include: Director, As-
sistant Director, Placement Dir., ASK Dir., ASK 
Asst. Dir., Dir. of Special Projects, Office Man-
ger, Habitat Dir., and Student Contacts. 

Hands On Sand Diego is coming! Saturday 
April 24, one day, one community. Come volun-
teer your time in an issue of your choice from the 
homeless, AIDS, to the environment. For more 
infonnation, ask for Molly or Sashi. 

Are you or your organization interested in 
making an elderly person 's day a little brighter? If 
so, ask for Molly. 

The Volunter.:r Connection is located on the 
second floor of Price Center across from the 
elevator. Come by, or call us at 534-1414. 

A.s. Newsflashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday 's edition. 

' J 



, . 

16 SPORTS 

AKf 

HIIIT 
Tales ofa 
Confinned 
Roto-Geek 

I used to hate "Roto-Geeks," those 
fantasy league players who loved 
baseball for aU the wrong reasons. 
Then I was sucked into the vortex by 
the "Roto-Geeks" here at the Gllard-
ian. Now I know why they call it 
"Rotisserie League" - if you don't 
pay attention, you get burned. After 
one week of play my team, the aptly 
named "Ned's Chicken Ranch," i 
getting barbecued, languishing in fifth 
place in the six-team league. 

I stiIJ hate Roto-Geeks. 
As a graduating senior in a 

desperate search for employment, I 
have disqualified myself as a candidate 
for the soon-to-be vacant general 
manager's job with the Padres. Let's 
face it, President Ointon handled the 
draft better than I did Taking Bobby 
Thigpen ranks right up there with 
George McGovern's choice of Tom 
Eagleton in '72 as one{)fthe worst 
choices in history. Thigpen, the one-
time ace of the Chicago White Sox, 
has a fastball as fat as Roseanne 
Arnold, a curveball as hiltable as Geny 
Cooney, and a rotator cuff made of 
paghetti. 

Another one of my inspired 
selections was Wade Boggs. With 
talented and productive players like 
Robin Ventura, Dean Palmer and Ken 
Caminiti still available, I chose Boggs. 
If extramarital exploits were factored 
into a player's tatistics, Boggs would 
be second only to Steve Garvey in 
homeruns and total bases. Since the 
scoring isn't 0 liberal, however, I'm 
stuck with Wade' ix-singles-a-week. 

Unable to snap out of my 1990 
flashback, I chose the overrated Sandy 
Alomar, Jr. at catcher. Enough said. 

Adminedly, my club is weak up the 
middle. After waiving Alomar, I'm left 
with the unknown commodity Mike 
Piazza and slow-starting Pat Borders 
behind the plate. Oops. Shortstop is 
equally weak with the good-field, no-
hit Ozzie Guillen. Backing up Guillen 
is the immortal Manuel Lee, a guy 
who has played exactly zero games so 
far this season. 

Craig Biggio was supposed to bring 
a big bat to second base. After 15 
games, the two-time All Star has 
(wince) no runs baned in and is hining 
below.200. 

Breaking with tradition, I picked up 
sluggers Cecil Fielder, Joe Carter and 
Larry Walker, and so far the trio has 
not disappointed. The steady Tony 
Gwynn will hit at least .300, and John 
Weneland will be off the disabled list 
soon, adding depth to my relievers. 

Fortunately, my starting rotation is 
dynamite, with John Smoltz, Juan 
Guzman and Jose Rijo anchoring a 
stellar staff. My bullpen is in great 
shape with Duane Ward, Mel Rojas 
and Randy "Gasoline Can" Myers. 
Since blown saves don't count, Myers, 
one of the most notorious arsonists in 
modem times, could be my MVP. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 26,1993 

Saul L':'.'ine/Guardian 
Jeff Hernandez (right), shown here negotiating the steeplechase, won the 5,()()().meter race at the City Championships. 

Tritons Take City Crown 
TRACK &I FELD: UCSD women 
capture San Diego Championship 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Hordes ofTriton lady tracksters trudged, tortured 
and trampled cross-town rival Point Lorna Nazarene 
Saturday, siezing both the 1993 San Diego City 
Championships and sectional bragging rights for the 
year. When the deed was done and the smoke cleared, 
there emerged a new lord of the Tritons, a young but 
worthy queen named Renee Sprowl. 

The Point Lorna Crusaders, San Diego State Az-
tecs and UCSD sent competitors to Pt. Lorna's horne 
turf in a banle for local pride, but in the end it was the 
Tritons' potent combination of front -running ability 
and team depth that put them over the top. 

Sophomore Sprowl made a spectacle of herself, 
capturing five ftrst-place finishes for a total of 25 
points. 

"[Sprowl] performed well in everything," Head 
Coach Tony Salerno said. "Twenty-five points from 
one person is quite a margin." 

Senior standout Erica Washington sprinted her 
way to two individual fIrst places in the I ()().. (12.27) 
and 200-meter races (24.88). The Tritons made a 
clean sweep of the mile, led by Wasa Hanna (4:47.62), 
Laura Peck (4:48.0) and Karen Hinkle (4:52.43). 

Robyn Herskowitz added a flJ"St place of her own, 
winning the 800 meters (2:21 .0). Claire Boykin ftn-
ished fifth in the 1000meter hurdles (16.3), Alexis 
Ruppanner captured third in the 400 meters (63.20) 
and Peck took second in the 3,000 meters (10:52.45) 
followed closely by Jennifer Cullen's II :06.24. 

The Crusaders, led by a slew of foreign athletes, 
managed to beat the male Tritons. 

"We put up a good ftght, but they were a little too 

Saul Levine/Guan1ian 
Derek Bennett took first In the hurdles. 
much for us. It was an honorable loss to a good team," 
said Salerno. 

A jumble of Jeffs paced UCSD's gold medal-
gamering arsenal. Jeff Hernandez won the 5,000 
meters (\5:20.14) and Jeff Taylor took the discus 
(132' I "). Taylor took second in his strongest event. 
thehammerthrow(188'6").CurtisWilIiams(I72'5") 
and Randy Buehler (132'4") took third and fourth, 
respectively. 

Other first-place finishers included Matt 
Jandrisevits in the 400 meters (49.20) and Derek 
Bennen in the I IO hurdles (17.77). 

Pat Foy ( I :53.43) ended up second in the 800 
meters. J.J. Castner (9:29.8) took the silver in the 
3,000 meter steeplechase and partner Edgar Nidome 
ftnished fourth (10:03.5). 

The Week Ahead 

Home 
Sweet 
Home 
GOLF: Tritons romp in last 
regular season home matchup 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It was just another day at the office for the 
UCSD golf team Friday at Torrey Pines. The 
Tritons, playing their last regular season match 
on their home course, destroyed visiting run-
ner-up Point Lorna, 306-319. Third-place UC 
Riverside was in another area code, winding up 
with a 346 total for the day. 

Tom "Juwan" Brown led aU golfers, ftnish-
ing with a one-over-par 73. Brown started out 
on fire, nailing a 34 on the front nine and a 39 on 
the way back. Jeremy Moe, named Tuesday as 
the only Division ill member of a select colle-
giate team to play in Japan this summer, was 
second for the Tritons. firing a 77. 

Moe had a rough flJ"St nine holes. shooting a 
40, and was actuaUy eight over par after 14. But 
he quickly calmed down and birdied the 15th. 
16th and 18th holes to finish at five over. 

Dale Abraham and Brock Shafer rounded 
out the scoring, each hooting 78s. "We knew 

See GOlF, Page 11 

The Headline Matchup: Women's tennis vs. Point Lorna Nazarene College, Tuesday at 3 p.m., Muir tennis courts. 
Other Games: Women 's water polo vs. Sunset San Diego East Boys' Team. Wednesday at 7 p.m., Canyonview Pool. Baseball at San Jose State, today. 


