
Elsewhere 

UCLA'. u. Pr ... dent 
stili CIIImI -..t, 
LOS ANGELES - Mark 
Pulido said that he will remain 
undergraduate student president 
and complete his yearlong term, 
despite claims by the UCLA 
administration that he is no 
longer eligible to hold office. 
Student government 
adminstrative representative 
Lyle Timmerman said that 
Pulido failed to complete any 
classes during winter quarter 
and that he "did not meet the 
eligiblity criteria in the A.S. 
constitution to continue as 
president." In order to hold 
elected office, a student must 
be registered and enrolled at 
UCLA with no less than four 
units and must maintain an 
overall 2.0 grade point average. 
Timmerman said he is still 
pursuing information on 
Pulido's status. Former Internal 
Vice President Elaine Chu is 
now serving as A.S. president. 

UCSB Opens New 
Sports c... Clinic 
SANTA BARBARA -
Students at UCSB can now 
receive specialized attention 
through UCSB's Student 
Health Services because of the 
recent opening of a training 
room that offers sports 
medicine services. The training 
room's services are offered 
Monday and Friday from 8 
a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Until the 
clinic was opened on April 2, 
only club sports athletes had 
access to a training room 
because it was funded by a club 
sports fee. 

Radio Show To 
Discuss Legalltl •• 
RIVERSIDE - The newest 
member to KUCR 's program 
roster is "In Your Defense," a 
call-in radio talk show with host 
and producer James Curtis, a 
Riverside deputy district 
attorney. The purpose of the 
legal show is to "heighten law 
awareness,legal solutions and 
bring attention to legal issues," 
Curtis said. 

Inside 

REv UP 
SPECTACLE: San Diego 
was the launching point 
for crystal meth. 11 

SPORTS: UCSD won the 
NCAA Division m national 
golf championship. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
UGHTS AND SIRENS ............. 3 
OPINION .............................. 4 
SPECTACLE ........................ SI 
CLASSIFIEDS ...................... 12 
SPORTS .............................. 16 

, H I u c s D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, MAY 24,1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 17 

Regents Assess Grim Budget Picture 
Budget Pizza 
If UC had received regular 
state-funded budget increases since 
1m.91, next year's budget would 
be nearly $1 billion more than the 
proposed $1.7 billion. 

CRISIS: Board also 
criticizes vice president's 
retirement package 

with $1 billion less than what it has 
needed to meet inflation, fixed costs 
and enrollment growth in the past 
four years. 

crease the $135 million cut that 
Wilson suggested in January. 

The Assembly Ways and Means 
Committee has produced two other 
budget scenarios, Baker said. The 
first proposal assumes that the half-
cent sales tax will be extended, which 
would still result in an additional cut 
of $68 million to the UC system. If 
the half-cent sales tax is not ex-
tended, the university budget will 
be cut by an additional $225 mil-
lion, a sum that BakercaJled "disas-

By PhlUp Michaels "11te state funds we have lost are 
not likely to be restored. It is pain-
fully clear that... today is not a 
prelude to yesterday," Peltason told 
the board. 

Senior Staff Writer 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 

Board of Regents addressed the 
UC's grim budget outlook and the 
fallout from Senior Vice President 
Ron Brady's salary package amid a 
protest by university employees at 
the regents' monthly business meet-
ing last week. 

"We need to rethink, in funda-
mental ways, what our future is go-
ing to be like and how we are going 
to get there," he added. 

Vice President William Baker 
outlined the options the university 
faces next year. According to Baker, 
the California State Senate has pro-
posed a change in Gov. Pete 
Wilson's budget that would provide 
an additional $50 million to de-

trous." 

Source: UC Fact Sheet 
Ren6 Bruckner I Guwcfan 

In a speech to the regents, UC 
President Jack Peltason said that the 
university has not received the bud-
get to implement the long-range plan 
adopted in 1988. According to 
Peltason, the university is operating 

Judicial Board 
To Decide On 
New Election 
COUNCIL: Board holds tense 
meeting to discuss Bartolotta's call 
for a runoff presidential election 
By Chris Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

The Associated Students Judicial Board will 
decide today if a new election is needed to fiJI the 
seat of elected A.S. President Randolph 
Siwabessy, who was declared ineligible to hold 
office by the board on May 5. 

Meanwhile, Student Advocate Matthew 
Winter, who represented Siwabessy at the hear-
ing, complained that the Judicial Board was not 
folIowing its bylaws and said he was consider-
ing asking the A.S. Council to remove the board 
members. 

FEELING OKAY? 

"Underthe Senate version, we'd 
gain some relief and could amelio-
rate some of the damage that our 
present budget plan imposes. Under 
the Ways and Means version, the 

See REGENTS, Page 6 

The Judicial Board will rule on a complaint 
filed by former A.S. presidential candidate D.A. 
Bartolotta, who charged that Siwabessy was 
ineligible to run for office because he is not an 
enrolIed student this quarter. 

Jason RItchIe/GuInfIn 
W ....... Col .... tint.,.., student Chad M ... ne tak .. a turn at pouIbIy the moet 
nauseating device ever Invented durlnc the Sun God festival on Friday afternoon. 

Bartolotta also requested that the board man-
date a runoff election between himself and Third 
College Council Chair James Hill, who finished 
second in last month's election. The board heard 
arguments in the case Friday afternoon. 

At the Friday meeting, Winter continued to 
contest Bartolotta's case by introducing a num-
ber of motions to dismiss it, accusing the board 
of not folIowing its bylaws during the hearing 
process. 

Among Winter'S motions was a request to 
dismiss the case because Bartolotta's complaint 
was not filed within five days of the "incident," 
as is required by the A.S. bylaws. 

Judicial Board Chair Sally Sherry saip that 
because the board had already ruled against 
Siwabessy in the earlier Gesson v. Siwabessy 
case, Winter's complaints were irrelevant to the 
present circumstances. In the Gesson case, the 
Board found that Siwabessy could not hold 
office because he was academically ineligible. 

After the hearing, Sherry said she was tired 
of what she characterized as delay tactics by 
Winter. 

"It frustrates me because I think the students 
See SlWABESSY, Page 2 

Regents Approve Renaming of Third 
CAMPUS: Board approves the 
change to Thurgood Marshall 
College in a unanimous vote 
By FranclKo DeVries 
News Editor 
and PhIlp Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Twenty-three years after opening its doors, 
Third College will officially change its name to 
Thurgood Marshall CoIlege, beginning in July. 
Final approval for renaming Third after the 
recently deceased Supreme Court Justice and 
civil rights pioneer was granted by the Board of 
Regents at their meeting last week in San Fran-
cisco. 

"It's a wonderful choice. I've always been a 
supporter of naming Third after Thurgood 
Marshall," said UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson, who attended the regents' meeting 
with Third College Provost Cecil Lytle. 

The regents' approval was considered a mere 
formality by many after Lytle and Atkinson 

approved the name change earlier this spring. 
According to UC Spokesman Ron Kolb, the 
renaming received unanimous approval. 

Third CoIlege staff members were not sur-
prised by the decision, but were pleased that the 
name had been approved. 

"I would have liked to see the coJlege named 
earlier [but] it was certainly worth the wait," 
said Third ColIege Director of Academic Ad-
vising Mae Brown. 

"I think the regents made a very good deci-
sion," she added. 

1bemovetochangeThird's name to Marshall 
began with a commentary by Political Science 
Professor Peter Irons in the Feb. 4 issue of the 
Guardian. On Feb. 22. LytleofficiaJly requested 
the name change, which was approved by 
Atkinson on April 6. 

'The regents also announced that the Hu-
manities Building on the newly-renamed cam-
pus will be named Sequoyah Hall, in honor of 
the 19th century Cherokee educalor who devel-
oped the first Nalive American syllabary. 



2 NEWS 

Budget Forces Regents 
To Shelve 10th Campus 
By PhIlp Mkhl'l 
Senior Staff Kt1ler 

SAN FRANCISCO - Amid 
growing uncatainty about the fi-
nancial stability and budgeIary re-
SOUJCCS of the University ofCalifor-
niB, the Board of Regents voted on 
Friday to suspend efforts to identify 
a site for a 10th campus in the San 
loaquin Valley. The vote ends a 
process that began in 1988 when 
then-UC President David Gardner 
was authorized by the regents to 
plan for the addition of campuses to 
the UC system. 

The decision to suspend the 
search for a 10th campus was reluc-
tantly approved by the regents. Ac-
cording to UC Vice President Wil-
liam Baker, the reconunendation of 
the Site Selection Task Force to halt 
all new campus planning was a dif-
ficult one to make. 

"It is now clear we must suspend 
the site selection search. 1be enor-
mousuncenaintyinourbudgetsitu-
ation makes it unrealistic to go on 
with the site selection process," 
Baker said. 

At the same time, Baker added 
that the needs of the San loaquin 
Va1Jey must be served by the uni-
versity. "Being the optimist that I 
am, I know that we will have an 
expanded presence in the Valley, 
and I plan to be involved," he said 

Regent Leo S. Kolligan. who 
abstained from voting because of 
his ties to the Fresno area, agreed 
with Baker that the San loaquin 
Valley is underrepresented and 
needs to be served. "It's a sad day 
forme personally, it's a sad day for 
the state of California and public 
education that we had to stop this 
process," Kolligan said 

Representatives from the San 
loaquin Valley who spoke at the 
meeting agreed that the regents had 
little choice but to suspend the pro-
cess. However, they called for the 
regents to remain committed to the 
idea of a campus in the central val-
ley. 

"We're one of your biggest fans, 
and you're absent from the valley. 

SIWABESSY: 
Judicial Board to 
decide on elections 
ContInued from PIlII8 1 
deserve a remedy," she said. "lthink 
we need a new election." 

Winter also attempted to have 
Sherry disqualified from hearing the 
case after a heated exchange be-
tween the defense and the Judicial 
Board, claiming that Sherry's ani-
mosity toward him made it impos-
sible for Siwabessy's case to get a 
fair hearing. The board rejected the 
motion. 

Sherry said she did not person-

IJnasioe what it would be lib if you 
were there," said Ken Robbins, a 
representative from the Merced 
County Board of Education. 

Fresno Mayor lim Patterson 
agreed that the UC system needs to 
increase its presence in the San 
loaquin Valley. "I do wish to re-
mind you that we have become the 
sixth largest city in the state of Cali-
fomia ... and yet we remain signifi-
cantly out of the opportunity stream 
to access the University of Califor-
ni.," Patterson said. 

Patterson added that he felt the 
regents should at least name a site 
for the 10th campus when the UC 
budget becomes more stable. "If 
you must suspend, then please, make 
a choice to prioritize," be said 

Assemblyman Rusty Areias (D-
Salinas) echoed the call for the re-
gents to prioritize a site. "I don't 
think it costs the University ofCaIi-
fornia or this state a dollar to con-
tinue this process," Arelas said. 

UC President Jack Peltason said 
that such a decision would be coun-
terproductive foreveryoneinvolved 
"We didn't want to give anybody 
false expectations because we have 
no expectations," he said 

"We don't know where this state 
is going," added Baker. 

The university first sought to 
expandto I Ocampuses when a 1988 
long-range planning study projected 
that 63,000 additional students 
would be enrolled in the UC system 
by the year 2005. In 1990, the re-
gents decided to focus their efforts 
for a new campus in the central 
region of California. 

Last year, three possible sites 
were approved by the regents -
Lake Yosemite in Merced County, 
Table Mountain in Madera County 
and Academy in Fresno County. 

According to Baker, the site se-
lection process has cost the univer-
sity $3.8 million dollars in consult-
ing, travel and staff expenses. 

An environmental studies report 
on the three proposed sites would 
have cost an ~itional $1 million, 
Baker said. 

ally know Winter and "was not an-
gry with him." 

At one point in the hearing, 
Siwabessy stormed out of the room, 
telling the board that it was not 
following bylaws. 

Winter has not decided what 
course of action he will take after 
Monday's decision. 

He said that he may attempt to 
have thel udicial Board removed by 
theA.S. Council or appeal theludi-
cial Board decision to the adminis-
tration. 

[n a brief argument before the 
board,Bartolotta told Judicial Board 
members that it was within their 
jurisdiction (0 call new elections. 

The UCSD GuarcHaa Moaday. May U. 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

cU&t_. C~~R._ 
WR~LI~-. SQlJII!.MIW!j. 
OIRN. SLIM.. WOb\'S! 

CWiE.R. _. CLOSG.! 
I 

S . SIo\\liMCO yc,*,toI " 9i(Jo l(i<! <:."u.~ 
'(W " NQs +'1 1tQ .... '" ... CltoIQ t\\~ 
\lIlII<lIi 1'4<0. ~i .. KE~ StltQt~t 
~'t.I ... ~i"" UG\.~ "~<.,, . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Revelle College Honors Its Brightest 
The UCSD Faculty Club was the scene last Friday of 

Revelle College's 10th Annual Honors' Banquet This 
privately ftn:Ied student.faculty event honors students 
with grade point averages of 3.7 and higher, with 8 
record number of 179 students quallfyl~ this year. 

Special recognition was afforded to a record number 
of eight <»Y8ledlctortans: BIoior,' majors Nicole Barr 
and Deborah Schwartz, Chemistry majors Kathy Nelson 
and Robert Davis, Math majors Adam Szpiro and Bonnie 
Orphanos, ECE major ArKty Tsai and Political Science 
major David Kaplan. 

Three more academic awards were also announced 
to Microblo~ meior John Doolittle, Ecology, Behavior 
and Evolution major Alice Stanford and Physics major 
Dan Gelhaar. Featured speaker for the evening was 
Biologt Professor PaJ.II SaItman, andOutstandl~Teecher 
Awards were given to Revelle Humanities Professors 
Patricia Kltcher and Betsy Jordan !lid Chemistry Profes-
sor Charlie Perrin. 

Energy R...archer Chosen to 
Receive Aerospace Award 

The Director for the UCSD Carter for Enerft and 

CombustIon Research Forman A. Williams has been 
selected to receive the AmerIcan Institute of Ae~ 
tics Pendray Aerospace literature AW'arct for 1993. 

The award is presented each year for • an 0IJtstan0. 
iog contribution or contributions to aeronautical and 
astronautical literature in the relatively recent past.. 
Williams was presented the award during the 31st 
Aerospace Sciences Meeting and Exhibit held at the 
Reno Hilton Resort. 

Korean Stud'" Propam to 
Receive $80,000 DonatIon 

A $50,000 donation has been made to the Korea-
Pacific Studies Program at the School of International 
Relations and Pacific Studies (IRjPS). According to the 
program's director. Professor Lawrence Krause, the gift. 
pnMded by the Korea Foundation, will fund a one-year 
project on the political economy of modern Korea. The 
project will focus on technololrt' transfer, which is a 
translation of knowledge Into working applications In 
malUfacturing or other nas of Industly. t<rause said 
technoloff transfer has become ·an intet/81 part of 
economic growth at all levels •• 

The Guardian 
weathel report 

MOIl: 69'/63' T.es: 68'/63' Wed: 67"/60' Veaterday: 69'/63" 
Source: National Weather Servtce 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

IU.USTltATOIII: Mlcha Croft. T_ Eot!. NIItIIan Ellln. Speed Fan1s. Jennifer 
Hwt, DominIC LobOta. Alan luncwen. _no ""'1Ioz. K«1e Aoe. Al5pon& 
Dlll8NIM: Joel Arnold. Wilson CheunI. Mwcus Lobbla. Chr1atopher Lock 
I'IIOT04IIUPHII DeYtCI ClIO. Jason Currin. Sldart Deb, Saul I.8Ytne. ChUCk 
Nruwen. Danny Ruaplnl 
COPY RUDIIII: MIChelle Chi .... Non Miller. Je .... Spr1n&er. Mal-lan Toml8ll 
nPIST:nmUn 

11Ie I.CSD~~ po.CiIsI1Id 1IDr!dI/I..,~CUfrt1htIl:ldln*:""IIr'" b .......... 
ri UCSO. iIepnldudIon ri on ...... In .. bm, ..... In ... or In ~ IIIII'Q.( I*'ftIIIIDn II 
stJfdIyJlO/llllllCl. Cl I!I93, " rwa __ lIIeIalUllll il natfllllllllllleb .. _/f 
LI1SOidIed II1IIMCIIQIS or III. lIIt_.-IrI .... .., .... -.or_dllnat 
~ ....... 1hI 0!*I0rlI ri lilt cao Q.-, ......... /fCllbnl. or .. MIDdaG 
~ lIIe l.CSD~lSlI1III!d_ lIr llMfllll1.rml~ .. ~.CIIIIIt""·I" 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON • EI)IOE, Copy Editor 

RDlt ~ AssocI.e Giaphlcs Editor 
MIGIUIL IUClClNMIYIR, Des", Editor 
KAREN CHIN8, Assoclste News Editor 

BEN LAVINE, Associate Opinion Editor 
IMN McDOWBJ., Photo Editor 

PHILit MICHAELS, OpinIon Editor 
JEfF HIllEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, AssocIate Sports Editor 

DAVID ~ Features Editor 
GREGG , Sports Editor 

IINIOIIITN'F WIII1IIII: JtInriI' o.t .... Den 1ItaIII. Matthft RcbInson. Bnttl 
RI1yne. MICMeI ScIIwIrU. SIIeIyI watCGIl 
""WIII'IIM:£IIIneC--. Ten1~. AlbartGlrll8lcll.I<ht8n~. 
Illy ttwarW. MIIAI JIcoIII. a.,.~. AocIIrICk LN. WIndY McNIII. n.r.. 
Moen. JuIe ...... JonnI PImIr . ..... PIIIIpa. Jeff I'rIufI\. By AlbInI. IIIIIr 1IIdIer. 
MIrI_Illlu ........... __ J. sn.m.n.~ ...... Gttpy ..... 
__ ~'AIIT: -'- Coller 

IIIITORIAI. ~""': 1111111 K. Hutto 
ADW.I"'~MT: Tn EO« 
ClllCWATlOII ~MTI: GIlle AlUm. GIOyannl CMIeItO. ere. SIOkIe 

108 DeAIIDIIIA, 8uUIess ,...,."" 
MlCHAlLFOUUCS, ~~ 
... ....-z, MwHfIaII., ~ 

r. LB8H MlNIIY, ClassIIfed Repre~ 

Monday, May 24, 1993 

Undergads 
Show Off Their 
Research 
By Tent DICIBn 
Staff Writer 

Undergraduate students g8lhered 
in the Faculty Club on Satui"day to 
discuss independent work in their 
fields at the UCSD Undergraduate 
Research Conference. 

The conference, sponsored by 
UCSD Student Affairs and UCSD 
Academic Affairs, was designed to 
recognize outstanding work by stu-
dents, encourage undergraduates to 
pursue higher degrees and stimulate 
interaction between faculty and stu-
dents, according to Undergraduate 
Research Conference Coordinator 
Alice Martin. 

A total of 171 students, each 
nominated by a faculty member who 
considers the students ' work to be 
exceptional, attended the confer-
ence. Attendees were grouped into 
round table discussions, where they 
presented their papers and then par-
ticipated in group discussions. 

Thediscussicin sessions were fol-
lowed by an awardscerernony where 
students received certificates recog-
nizing them as "Research Scholars." 

Vice Chancellor of Undergradu-
ate Affairs Joseph Watson addressed 
the participants on the importance of 
good faculty-student relations. Quat-
ingRogerRevelle, Watson said, "Few 
things bring morejoy toa professor's 
heart than good students." 

ERRATA 
In the May 17 edition of the Guardian. 

in the anicJe entitled "Judicial Board Re-
fuses to Hear Appeal ," a quote was incor-
rectly attributed 10 Judicial Board Chair 
Sally Sherry. Elections Manager Beth 
Gesson said, "The members of the Judicial 
Board aren'l stupid. [Instead). they are fol-
lowing the stupid rules of this school." 1be 
GUilrdian regrets the error. 

The UeSD Guardian 

AtdIIr, ..., 14: . 
1:15 a.RL: An officer reported graffiti at a Third Colle&e Apartment. 

.... ."...,11; 
12:31 a.m.: A 20-year-old male non-affIliate was arrested for possession of 
a firearm on calT1lUS. Transported to Central Detention Facillty. 
8:21 Lm.: A student fell and struck his head on the pavement at the Muir 
basketball courts. 

......"...,11: 
12:22 I.m.: A resident security officer reported a keg party at the Third 
Apartments. 
1:16 Lm.: All officer reported damage to a vehicle In Lot 305 caused by an 
unknown object striking the hood. 
1:18 I.RL: A 19-year-01d male student was arrested for being a minor in 
possession of alcohol in the fifth College dorms. 
5:00 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported indecent exposure in the Main Gym 
men:S lQ.2t<er room restroom. 

Mol....".., 17: 
10:18 I.RL: A student reported a burglary to Urey Hall Room 7241. Loss: 
$13,220. . 
10:58 Lm.: An officer reported obscene graffiti at the Fifth College dorms. 
2:20 p.m.: A ~afflllate was ordered off campus after using a shower in 
the Fifth College dorms. 

TUeedIIJ, ..., 11: 
10:00 P.RL: An officer reported an ex~mployee harassing staff members. 
11.:50 p.m.: A student reported vandalism to a 1985 Ford Tempo in Lot 208. 
Loss: $150. 

W......"...,1I: 
1:18 p.m.: A male non-afflliate was ordered to stay off of campus for seven 
da;s for operating a business In Revelle Plaza without a permit. 
4:45 p.m.: A student reported vandalism to a microwave oven in Tioga Hall 
caused by unknown suspect(s) exploding a glass bottle inside of it. Loss: 
$100. 

......."...,. 
3:50 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Fugi 821 bicycle from Fifth 
Anancial Office. Loss: $300. 
3:50 p.RL: Explosive devices were detonated near the Muir College dorms 
by unknown person(s). No loss or damage. 

- CompIed by JulIe Pak, Staff Writer 

TrileUP 
It's Time You Got A New Best-Friend 
Your Mac· has SlOOQ by you 

through last-minute papers, pro-
posals, and budget analysis. It's 
been dependable. reliable, and it's 
never let you down. But now the 

UCSD Bookstore has made it possible 
for you to trade in your current Apple 

computer and, get a new, better best 
friend wilh more memory, power. 

and speed. 

LJrSD 
BC)(~K <. r(~11I 

May 26th 
10-3 

In Front of the Bookstore 
Appointments necessary 

Call 534-4291 
Infonnation packets now available at the 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 

NEWS 3 

NOW ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

VUu@ ~@& lJ ~@\YlD@W @®QD[[@@ 
6y CoCUmDiIl ~view 

Serving the UCSD pr.medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
" INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
" An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s. M.D.-Ph.D. candidates. and faculty members. who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

·12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruclion and tesling, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies. and tutoring 

" 1600 PAGES of original take-home review nOies and fonnula sheets, 
reading and writing study guides, MCA T and admissions strategy 
handouls, problem sets and timed exams written by MCAT experts 

• REAL MCA T materials dislributed to all enrolled students 
"DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical sludenls 
" TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
" LOWER TUITION than other courses 

APPLY NOW! 

San Diego 's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 

.... 
Munldl 
VIa .. 
LoIdoII 
AIMtcnIIm 
faoa "'" each WfIf boscd on • Rl'.I1drip .,... 

chis£. T .... net irclOOed. San< ...mctions apply. 
SIudo:rt SIIIUS moy be 1'lqIftd. 

.......... ..." .... 

CouncilTravcl 
Open ~ .• Tues., Thurs .• Fri . 9·5 

Wed .• 10-5, SM. 10-2 
UCSD Price (enter (by the Post Office) 

51·0630 

()nl~ '011 (':III Help ... 

Earn money for your 
blood donation! 

If you have active 
symptoms or have had 

one of the following 
diseases: 

Hepatitis Rh-Factor Rubella 
Syphilis Lupus & others 

Your blood can be wonh between 
$40·$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(A subsidiary of H~maCar. Corporation) 

San Diego 
(619)226·1733 

The Most InItructIonIIIy intensive Commercial Prep Count In the Country 
At UCLA, UCSD, UCI, UCR ... and now Berkeley! 

~ .... = ~ ~~ ~ i PlOFESSIOfW, . ~ 
! > { 
. ~ ] l ] 1 
i l 
- ~ 
rI} ..JIJIr,~..-... I ............ _~ 
~~~ttorJ~g:!!!.~ 
WIlEII IrS TIJIE TO OEJ' SERIOUS ABDUl' THE TEST." 



4 OPINION 

.... DIvIIIIC u.. 
EIhnIc dIIIefsIly and stnre are hallmII1<s of 
the fonnerY~ rnakirC~ 
dIIIk:uIt and ~ soUIons ~ 
in1lOSsIlIe. The foIlowIrC Is M ethnk: 
breakdown of the BalkanS: 

BosniiHicrzcgovma: 

Serb 

Hungarian 4% 

11:.tB.!iji 

Other 
SOurce: SIn Diego Union·Trlbullf 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 24,1993 

PIN-ION 
U 0 M MEN TAR Y: THE lOS N I A NUl I SIS 

• y 
As AmenCa debates what inteTrentinnist role it slwuld play in Bosnin, it must 
roruiJer the neressity of inrolving other natWru in the pe,om-kReping proress 

By David Snow 
Senior Staff Writer 

hen news of the 
conflict in 
Yugoslavia first 
started making 
an impact in 
American 
media, I 
remember my 

grandmother scowling and saying, "Oh, it's 
those awful Serbs again. They started World 
War I, you know." 

Her reference to the assassination of the 
Archduke Ferdinand in 1914 by a Serbian 
nationalist, an event which is said to have set 
off a chain reaction leading to the Great War, 
indicates that jealousies and hatred across 
national lines is a time-honored and perennial 
world tradition. But the global reactions to 
this incident of nationalist violence are a far 
cry from the world's reactions to the war 
currently raging in Bosnia. 

In 1914, the great powers took advantage 
of the crisis to quickly form competing 
alliances and attempt to increase their national 
might at the expense of each other. But when 
renewed ethnic violence arose in Yugoslavia 
at the end of the Cold War, the great powers 
were found to be tripping over each other 
attempting to get the award for Counrry to 
Most Vehemently Condemn the Fighting. But 
so far, what to condemn is the only thing that' 
these countries can agree on. It seems that 
two gruesome world wars, the development 
of all-powerful nuclear weapons and the 
growing importance of econornic muscle had 
left Europe and the United States less 
obsessed with proving their military prowess. 
But it is precisely this severe lack of enthusi-
asm for armed conflict that is the cause of 
President Clinton's and Europe's current 

• lb ............. War between 
Croats, Serbs and Muslims in Bosnia 
began in AprIl 1992 alter the republic 
broke 8IN8Y from Yuaoslavta. FIghtIng 
has been fiercest in eastem Bosnia, 
particularly ~ew, where Serbs have 
been practlcl~ ethnic cleansing 
against the Muslims. 
• c. ....... Croatla broke 8WBY from 
Yugoslavia In 1991; war between 
Croats and ethnic Serbs erupted shortly 
thereafter amid concerns that Serbs 
would be mistreated by the Croats. 
• 1M ... Yugoslavia's break-up 
begM when the Communist Party was 
voted out of power In 1990. A year 
later, Slovenia won Independence from 
Serbia. 
• y ........ Serbia and Montenegro 
are the remaining two republIcS of 
Yugoslavia. KosoYo, an autonomous 
reeJon wtthln serbia, could be the next 
trouble area with a predominantly 
Albanian population wan~ 
Independence. 
• M.I J I President Clinton has 
discussed the possibility of sending 
around troops to Macedonia, recently 
recognized as independent. 
Sourte: s.n DIego tmIoo-TtibuM 

hand-wringing over the problems in Bosnia. 
Despite the current unfashionable nature 

of the "military solution," the only way to 
ensure that atrocities such as the ones 
currently being carried out in Bosnia do not 
flare up in other parts of the world is if the 
United States and Europe act decisively and 
forcefully to put an end to the fighting. Now 
that the world's great powers have stopped 
warring with each other, they have an 
obligation to COllectively enforce peace 
among the developing nations of the world 
Why? That's what their collective enlightened 
citizens demand. 

The great powers have spent hundreds of 
years searching for suitable ideologies to 
impose on the rest of the world, be it 
Christianity, capitalism or the notion of the 
modem Slate. With the end of the Cold War, 
the world's great democracies feel compelled 
to keep smaller nations from fighting each 
other. Granted, this is a tad hypocritical 
considering the example set by the great 
powers in the first pan of the 20th century, 
but the current attitude seems to be, "Hey 
now, Third World, we great powers don't 
fight each other anymore, and dammit, 
neither should you." 

But of all the agendas imposed on the rest 
of the world by Europe and America, this one 
is by far the most noble. The problem is that, 
to date, the West ,has been much more 
successful at imposing economic servitude on 
smaller countries than it currently is at 
imposing peace on them. 

Violence has recently become very 
unfashionable among large nations. This 
could be a good sign, but it leads to a paradO!t 
in enforcing peace. One theory I have heard 
in my international relations classes that 
intrigues me is that war is a social phenom-
enon for which an increasingly enlightened 

See BOSNIA, Page 5 

Monday, May 24,1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

CRmCISM OF COMMUNICATION WAS SO INANE, IT HAD TO BE A JOKE 
Editor: a brilliant parody it was too, chock-

When I flfSt read "Communica- full of logical inconsistencies, rabid 
tion Breakdown" (May 17), I confess accusations and eyeball-rolling non-
I felt somewhat puzzled. Was it really sense delivered in that nauseating 
possible that Ben Boychuk's bile- prose monotone which has become 
soaked stream of anti-intellectual the very hallmart of all latter-day 
blather had passed unscathed through cranks and creeps! Bravo, Ben! It 
the Gilmdian' s vigilant editorialstaft'? takes a big man, indoc:d, to play the 
Surely, I told myself, such a shocijng clown's role, but you've done it to a 
combination of ignorance and hostil- T. As a Communication major, I must 
ity could only be churned from a say that you've succeeded in a daunt-
diseased mind ripe for a strait-jacket ing task where lTWly other serious 
and/or a thorazine-filled syringe. commentators have failed: mocking 

Of course, one might encounter the loathsome stench which invari-
similar though less offensive rutings ably emanates from campus ignora-
in the output of mental defectives and muses. Let's hope your future holds 
lunatics documented in journals like more of the same. 
Psychopathology Revitw or Brain Babette Beriones 
Damage Bulletin. Pemaps, I mused, 

Make Amends for Boychuk's veroat vomitus had been 
inadvertently misdirected to the uni- ComIc ..... p 
versity newspaper and printed by 
mistake. Editor: 

Then I saw the light! Ben was On May 13, we were very dis-
using self -deprecating sarcasm to il- turbed to see in your newspaper the 
lustrate how even UC students may omission of the comic strip "Calvin & 
sometimes fall prey to destructive Hobbes." We do not question your 
cynicism and paranoid delusion. What right to omit the amusing little strip, 

BOSNIA: The Yet not too long ago in our counrry's history, we fought a war with Mexico 
great powers must put for economic reasons, and the public 
an end to the fighting thought it just cause for violence. Maybe our tolerance for such wars is 
ContInued from paee 4 really declining; 
public is losing its tolerance. The ad- But even if this were the case, it is 
minedly dubious parallel that the evident that many societies in the 
theory draws is the erstwhile institu- world have not developed the distaste 
tion of public dueling. It seems that in for military conflict that the United 
the old days, men used to settle differ- States and Europe now claim to have 
ences by walking 10 steps and fuing acquired, And the task of the great 
a pistol at each other. powers is to enforce, through military 

Today, few of us would allow a means, this distaste for violence. It is 
friend to participate in such an activ- not hard to see the paradox. 
ity. Similar arguments can be made One of the justiftcations George 
for the increasing lack of tolerance Bush gave for the Persian Gulf War 
for, say, wife-beating or child abuse. was that the free world had to set a 
This theory predicts that in the future precedent for smaller nations that it 
the citizens of democratic nations will would not tolerate strongarm tactics 
refuse to allow their respective gov- from the likes of Saddam Hussein. 
ernments to wage war, no matter what Supposedly, smaller nations with vio-
justifications are given for the vio- lent ambitions wooId see the example 
lence. of the Persian Gulf War, and not dare 

Such intolerance for war would, infringe on the sovereign rights of 
of course, be the best of all possible other small nations for fear of retribu-
worlds. To a large extent, this Iws tion from the free world This via-
happened in most democratic coun- lence deterrent would probably work 
tries. It is doubtful whether much of if the free world would more consis-
the American public would support tently and decisively punish offend-
Bill Clinton if he proposed to invade ing nations for their aggressiveness. 
Mexico and force the North Ameri- Unfortunately, not all international 
can Free Trade Agreement on them. crises areas easy for the public to rally 

Dr. Selby O.D. 
• • v ••• on care 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UN.V_ CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

1111 
• 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind carrs Jr,) 

578·6796 
- --T------,------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I DII" '1ig'lete I COMBO SET I 

I oc Science I I I EdnIIIII.......... I $35.111 OFF I 
I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo, Choose from I 

, Precision ground B & L 04 1 --'--' of 
lenses S.V. I DI.'....... I a arge _,Ion I 

i $9900 : ~~ i $3a5ndiio : 
I COMPLETE I ~iS=;:kI I OFF I L ______ L ______ ~ ______ ~ 

INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 

UCSD students find morally repug- the Guardian is printed on. We can 
nant. There was no exp1anation for think· of no better way of making 
this absence, making it possible for amends than by making this donation. 
some readers not even to suspect that Cr8ic s. Bardsley 
Calvin's rebellious antics would ever M ............... return to the second page. 

We demand that the Guardian M ...... St.eotype 
make amends for this gross error of 

READERS' judgement As you know groups seek- Editor: 

FOHUM 
ing to expand the circulation of'1'he I was disappointed to see Billy 
Wizard of Id" and "Rex Morgan, Hwang's article on the K\anwatch 
MD." are endowed with muchgrearer Project ("Klanwatch Worker Speaks 

711eGuMlln ........... tam ......... lilt resources than those supporting the on Hate Crimes, "May 17) perpetual-
___ lID ... _"""'ftl~. Sella 11/ one occasionally known as Stupen- ins the American media's skewed 
"'10: dous Man or Spaceman Spiff and his construction of skinheads as racists. ThtGulnlan 

~EcIIor feline companion. Todemonstralethat That article quotes Laurie Wood's SI500 GtIIrI ~. Q318 
uJalfa.CA~ theornissiondoes not ret1ectthe views description of Torn Metzger as ''the 

of the Guardian staff, we believe the granddaddy of the skinhead move-
but we do question your judgement in Guardian should donate $50,000.23 ment," but fails to mention that racists 
choosing to do so. The issue of com- to the San Diego Zoo Tiger Exhibit, and neo-Nazis are a minority within 
ics in the Guardian is a very serious an organization which has supported skinhead culture. Indeed, they are 
matter. Prior to the appearance of the tiger rights for animals like Hobbes outnumbered by the anti-racist 
exploits of Calvin and his pet tiger, for well over a decade. SHARP (Skin Heads Against Racial 
thousands of UCSD students found Indeed, as you may be aware, ti- Prejudice). But since the media can 
nothing interestingonthesecondpage. gers are an endangered species whose get more mileage out of hate and 
In choosing to instead place a report natural habitats are rapidly shrinking, polarization, we very rarely hearabout 
on the budget crisis in that place, you possibly due to the deforestation the non-racist skinheads. 
are endorsing a position which many needed to produce the paper which Matthew Belmonte 

to intervene? justified in stopping a man from beat-
However, as the reports started to ing members of his family. 

come out about the conditions of the The plan that Bill Clinton has pro-
conflict, public opinion within demo- posed is the minimum that it would 
cratic countries began to make more take to forcibly put an end to the war. 
sense than complicated theories of Many within the United States are 
international law. Stories of system- proposing that if the Europeans are 

1118 UnIted States atic rape and murder and of "ethnic unwilling to adopt the plan. or are 
would be succa.lflliin 

cleansing" were met with horror by unable to corne to a consensus soon, 
ordinary citizens. the United States should put on its 

........... the w. If Certainly. in 2Oth<entury terms, policeman'S badge and launch the 
forced to do SO ....... the rape and murdetgoing on inBosnia military intervention itself, much like 
........"butthe 

is strictly minor-league. But the dif- it did in Somalia. While the United 
ference now is that the citizens of the States would definitely be successful 

effort would be • world's leading democracies see the in stopping the war if forced to do so 
fallureln ........ debacle and come to the conclusion single-handedly, theeffoo would be a 
l.....,unt r • ..-ct- that it must be stopped, rather than failure in a more important respect. simply saying, "Well, that's how war The community of advanced 
behind as the Gulf War. Iraq and is." democratic nations must develop a 
Kuwait were sovereign states, and The American military got its ftrSt unified voice and a unified effort for 
one invaded the other for the offen- taste of this sentiment following the enforcing peace. For a single counrry 
sive reason of acquiring their oil Iraqi Gulf War when it was revealed that to have to carry out this task sends a 
people were understood to be under scores of Iraqi soldiers came to a message to all would-be petty dicta-
the control of a Hitler-like dictator. horrific death when United States tors and hate-mongers that most of 
But with the conflict in Yugoslavia, it forces used bulldozers to bury them the democratic world does, in fact. 
was not even clear whether it was one alive. Many incredulous Americans still tolerate their v iolence and c.rimes. 
nation or two, or three. Toward the demanded an explanation beyond the Bill Clinton should make every effort 
outbreak of hostilities, the press typical, "Well, that's how war is." to ensure that the United States will 
couldn't decide whether to call it fight- The world is right to be outraged at constitute a small faction of a large 
ing, ethnic conflict, war or civil war. the atrocities taking place in Bosnia multi-national force that will march 
And if it was indeed merely an ethnic and are justifted in forcefully stop- into Bosnia, united in its distaste for 
squabble within a country, was it the ping the fighting and punishing the war, but committed to enforcing its 
place of the international community offenders, just as a neighborhood is nonexistence. 

~UCSD 
AtCATRAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
••• to lo~k Up your stull with usl 

MUlt praent .d ror 
dioeoaat Old track Ule 

We'll take care of all your storage and-moving needs ... 
-FREE use of moving truck . 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
-EASY to use, EASY to move 
tAU TO RESERVE A STOIlAGE SPAtE NOW! 

AUATUZ SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate Mall, La Jolla, CA 92121 

452-lf)47 
•• 

:1-805 =~===::==I 

1·5 ======":=1 
.....,. 



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

UCLA· Summer Sessions 
registration is as easy as 

1993 Session Dates 
A .Session June 28 .. 
B Session July 19 .. 
C Session August 9 .. 

August 6 
August 27 
September 1 7 

• Easy registration - VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover 
• No formal admission to the University required - open enrollment 
• Over 500 courses available at reasonable rates 
• Registration fee $225 + Course fee $ 75 - $110 per unit 

For a free catalog call (310) 825-8355 or write to: 
UCLA Summer Sessions 

405 Hilgard Avenue 
Los Angeles, CA 90024·1418 

ATTENTION 
MATH 
MAJORS 

SPRING '93 
UNDERGRADUATE 

MATH MAJOR 
MEmNG 

Thu .... y, May 27 
..... 7 pm, APM 2113 

Faculty advisors will be available 
to provide information on next 

year's course offerings as 
well as professional and 

career opportunities. 
Refreshments will be servedll 

CONTACT LENSES 
WITH 

EXAMINATION 
AND 

FOLLOW UP CARE 

$90/$180 
DAILY MAR EXTENDED MAR 

APPLIES TO SOFT, 
NON·ASTlGMATIC ONLY 

GAS PERMEABLE, TItmO, 
ASnGMATIC &. OISPOSABLE PKG 

2C)OA.0ff 
~ 
DELMAR 

OPTOMETRIC CUNIC 
DR. GREGORY GRAHAM 

Call 755-5484 
1349 Camino Del Mar 
2 Miles North on 101 

UCSO Alumni 
Clnoot be ,_ """ -vnod lnIuI""t . 

REGENTS: 
Brady retirement 
package is criticized 
ContInued from .... 1 
damage would grow - possibly to 
such a level that we'd actually have 
to shut down the university for a 
time, perhaps a quarter." Baker said. 

Newly appointed Senior Vice 
President Walter Massey agreed 
with Baker's assessment of the bud-
get picture. "At the $225 million 
level, we'd simply have a catas~ 
pheonourlwtds. We'd have to give 
up any thought of holding the place 

. together and trying to keep things' 
going," he said. 

"It's an open question whether 
we would recover," Massey added. 

Student Regent Alel( Wong was 
especially critical of the Assembly's 
proposals. "You wantto know where 
the fee increase is corning from, 
where the quality of education is 
going to hell. It's the Assembly," 
Wong said. 

"As a liberal Democrat student, 
the people I root for have the axe," 
added Wong, calling for students to 
send a message to the Assembly. 

Student Regent-desigruue Darby 
Morrisroe agreed with Wong, add-
ing, "Students need to take time to 
el(ert pressure on the Legislature .. .. 
That's the single priority right now." 

Among the specific areas that 
Peltason singled out for l-eevalua-
tion is a review of education pro-
grams as well as professional schools 
and graduate programs. 1be univer-
sity will be looking to consolidate 
resources in the most important pro-
grams, according to Peltason. 

Monday, May 24, 1993 

MAt the $22I .. lllon 
leyel, we'd .... ply 
IIIIYe a catutro ..... 
onour ......... W.'d 
IIIIYe to .. we up any 
thou .... of heidi ... 
the place together 
and tryl", to k .... 
,ail ........... " 

-W..-MMser, 
uc Senior VIce President 

The president also called for a 
review of the fee system and for 
ways to shorten the average time it 
takes to attain a degree. Peltason 
suggested that the university may 
need to review its enrollment tar-
gets, meaning the UC could stan 
restricting enrollment. 

"If we are forced to restrict en-
rollment, however, we must do so in 
a fashion that will enhance diversity 
so that our student body will reflect 
the diversity of the people of Cali-
fornia," Peltason said. 
...... ......,P8ck ... 

In response to the negative reac-
tion to the salary given to Vice Presi-
dent Brady, Peltason announced a 
proposal to restructure the way in 
which such salaries are approved. 
Brady, whoretiresluly 1. was prom-
ised a full year's salary of$18 1,640 
by fonner President David Gardner. 
Peltason made the decision public 
last week. 

Under the new proposal, the 
president will seek the advice and 
consent of the Board of Regents 

See REGENTS, Page 7 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS' CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

. HAWAIIAN. MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
'-____ M·SAT. 11·6:30.222-0220 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 

!~~S~~2~~' 
All 93 model bikes 10% OHI , 

All shorts 15% OHI 
All Oakley Eyewear 15% OHI 

All Continental Road andATB Tires 15% OHI 
All Giro Helmets at close out pricesl 

In the Student Center • Open 10-5 Mon . -Fri. 

Monday, May 24,1993 

REGENTS: Six 
protestors arrested 
during meeting 
ContInued from ..... 
when granting leaves of absence to 
chancellors or vice presidents. 
Peltason's recommendation will be 
discussed at the June regent meeting. 

"You can clearly state [the reac-
tion to Brady's salary] is what trig-
gered [Peltason' s] interest in attain-
ing regent guidance," said UC 
Spokesman Ron Kolb. 

Many regents expressed their 
disapproval of the agreement be-
tween8radyandGardner. "I'm sure 
most of the regents, ifit were before 
the board, would say this should not 
happen. Unfortunately, that's not 
before the board," said Regent John 
Davies. Davis added that the agree-
ment between Gardner and Brady 
was contractual, and therefore had 
to be honored. 

Regent Frank Clark, Jr. agreed 
with Davies. "I hope the public un-
derstands that we were confronted 
with a/air accompli," he said. 

The board unanimously ap-
proved a motion by Davies that the 
regents refrain from directing 
Peltason to rescind Gardner's agree-
ment with Brady, provided that 
Brady will release the university 
from paying his deferred benefits 
worth $230,000. 
...... ProIMts 

On Thursday, approximately 70 
protestors from a coalition of unions 
representing university employees 
picketed the regents' meeting to pro-
test pay cuts and fee hikes. 11Je 
coalition included selVice wolkers, 

Dluppearln. 
Act 
Despite inflation and increasing 
enrollment, the governor's 
proposed budget for 1993-94 
offers less state funding for the 
UC than in 1990-91. 
$2.0 

11ft 1ft2 lIN 
Source: UC Offlce of the President 

Ren6 BrucIuIer IGuatdian 
clerical wolkers, faculty and pro-
fessional and technical employees. 

Six of the protestors were arrested 
when they interrupted the regents' 
meeting to read a prepared statement 
According to UC Police Sgt. John 
Fox, the protestors were charged 
with failure to disperse and unlaw-
ful assembly, both misdemeanors. 
1bey were cited and released. 

"We're outraged that the regents 
would cut salaries five percent across 
the board while granting salary be:>--
nuses to executives. It 's outrageous 
that the regents will honor that," 
said University Professional and 
Technical Employees (UPTE-
CWA)Local91l9PresidentLibby 
Sayre, who went on to accuse the 
regents of being out of touch with 
reality. 

"[The regents) don't seem to re-
alize the impact of what they're 

The UCSD Guardian 

planning," said American Federa-
tionofState, County and Municipal 
Employees (AFMSCME) Local 
3210 President Craig Alderson. 
Alderson, who was among those 
arrested, charged that the university 
is doctoring the UC budget to pr0-
tect administtati ve salaries. 

"What makes it galling is that 
they have not produced any proof 
that these cuts are necessary," 
AlderSon said. 

Kolb acknowledged that the pr0-
tests were understandable, but main-
tained that the university was trying 
to share the pain. 

"We are sensitive to what their 
concerns are, but we are limited in 
our options," Kolb said. 

University employees staged a 
similar protest at the UCSD Medi-
cal Center on Thursday in conjunc-
tion with the San Francisco demon-
stration. 

Five students from UCBelKeley 
also interrupted the regents' meet-
ing by attempting to read from a 
prepared statement. 

1be students were part of Con-
cemed Students, a statewide coali-
tion with approl(imately 150 mem-
bers, according to member Jessica 
Vargish. 

"[The regents] are not looking at 
alternatives. 1bey're not account-
able to anyone," said UCB first-
yearstudentAmil Bural. 8ural added 
that there needs to be more of a 
"democratic process" in the way the 
university is run. 

"Ultimately, we're looking for 
ways to have the regents be more 
representative of the state as a 
whole," added UCB sophomore 
MikeLai. 

NEWS 7 

NAIL SPECIALS I · 
J ~~~~L~S35 $18.99 

TIp 0veMy Rag. $45 $24.95 
Fli. $12 Reg. $15 0 New Clients only 

FJberglaaa HIlla with npe $21.19 Reg. $45 
Manic:urH It P.cIc:urM $15.15 

Waxing SWUng It $3 
MMlcurea $6 0 F8ClalI $25 Reg. $35 

IIIN AND WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
HoI volid ..., ""J '** olin ExpI ... 8171'13 

Have your graduation portrait taken with us and you'll have your 
finished portraits ready at graduation. 

We offer: • Proofs in ONE HOUR 
• Finished packages in ONE WEEK* 
• We furnish cap & gown 

·Prinls 011 canvos laU longer 

ONE HOUn 

-MOTOPHOTO--
& PORTRAIT STUDIO 
1J,./Mdi,J.. jMl.u.~ .. ,~t.J/SM 

Renn~ce Towne Center 
8935 Towne Centre Dr. (Just east of UTe) 558· 1690 

The UCSD Bookstore presents 

microsystems 
Come see how Sun's technology 
can make your thoughts a reality! 

Sun is the world's largest maker of UNIX computers and 
Sparc chip technology is the only platform that powers compat~ 
ible products ranging from note~ 
book computers to super,comput~ 
ers. See the new low,cost systems 
and software solutions on dis~ 
play, 

LJI 511"] 
U<><>K·. I C)I H 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-I amSun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

II NOBODY . IINOWS . LIB . . . DOMINO'S 
.~ 
.. os: 

LCSD's KILLER DL\L LCSD's P.\RT\ ("lAST 
I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 
II FOR 9NLY $132,~x I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I ,.~ . I FOR ONLY $17.99 I I JUST AsK SPECIAL I I 
I =:--= .... -=~ I CALL US! pI".,ox I 
I CALL US! II : 4S2-UCSD II: 
II 4S2-UCSD °

0 
• I • I Coupon....-. ..... IId ... .., I NoI __ ..,__ • Q.3. ___ ~_. o. 0-3-. 
~------------... ------------~-"_IO __ _120.110_ 



8 CALENDAR The UCSD Guardian 

mltlcsmYI~ 
AIotIcMy thtough FrlcMy 

.8 •. m .... :3O p.m. (Frtday -3 p.m.) -1IIe GUll 
~ Precr- provides .. alatance to 
students whole native I ....... Is not En&J1ah 
and to those doIre work In ...... German, 
Spanish, French and VIetnamese. A dlllnOStlc 
test on written ~Ish Is available on request. CaU 
534-2284 tor Info. (weekly) 
.8:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. -TIle GAllI ...... • 
WrttInC WOIUhop provides free Individual end 
group conferences to assist students with writing 
projectS. SWW also otters free WOld proc;esslna 
facilities and computer assistance. Stop by Yorlc 
Hall 14070 or caU 534-7344 to schedule an 
appointment. 
• 8:30 a.m .... :30 p.m. - Let OA818 Study 
MaI.egement CenW help you this quarter with 
time management, note taklna and editing, 
textbook analysis, memory, flexible/speed 
reading, vocabulary delrelopmentand GAEILSAT/ 
MCAT verbal comprehension. Stop by York Hall 
4010 or call 534-7344 to .. t up a personal 
appointment Also, stay on the lookout lor those 
valuable OASIS Study SkIlls Workshop and the 
GRE Weekend Specials. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing 
Center is a free service for all UCSD students. 
We offer one to one writing conferences for any 
type of writing project - academic papers, 
personal statements, even stories and poems. 
Our staff of trained undergraduates, who come 
from a variety of academic disciplines, can help 
you b.ecome a more effective writer. Call 534-
2284 to make an appointment or drop by our 
office in the old Student Center, Building A, 
Room 214. (weekly) 

Monday, May 24 
.3-4:30 p.m. - uTI .. Model Mlnorhy Myth" 
- Its effects on race relations and on Asian 
American self-esteem and economic mobility. 
A discussion with Prof . Yen Espiritu of the 
Ethnic Studies Dept. At Uterature Bldg. 3415. 
Sponsored by Asian Pacific Islander Awareness 
Week Committee & Revelle's Cultural 
Awareness Network. 

SERVICf!) & IlBKSIIOPS 
Monday-Friday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - IIGI+ CornputeMIIIHd 
fII'OIIWn of career Informlltion desl&ned to help 
you clarify your skills , values and Interest. For 
more Informlltion, come to the Career Services 
Center. $10. (weekly) 

• 1:30-4 p.m. - DRONN ADVISING HOURS 
- For help with career goals, job hunting, reeum6 
preparaIIon or exploring profellional or graclJate 
echooI opportunities. No appointment needed. 
juetw.lc in to the CweerServlcel Center. (wNIdy) 
• 1ENT0R - Graduating this quarter and job- . 
aeeIdng? We .. match you with. proI ... IOtllllln 
yoAJIt field who will get you started networking In 
the local job market. Sign up at Career ServIcea. 
(wHIcIy) 

Monday, May 24 
• 3 ... p.m. - EAP/OAP General Intormdon 
S. .. lon - Anyone interested In studying, 
working, or traveling abroad, come to the 
International Center Lounge to lind out all the 
optIoneoutthere. Sponsored by Programs Abroad 
Office. 

Monday-Friday 
.9 a.m.-5 p.m. - Women'. Reaource Cen18r 
,.... Counaellna - Feel like no one under-
stands? Women counselors trained by Psych. 
Services available to help with crises or give 
support and referrals for your needs. Confiden-
tial. safe space. Walk in or by appointment. L0-
cated in the old Student Center Bldg. A. 534-
2023. (weekly) 

Monday, May 24 
• 3-<4:30 p.m. - Women of the African DIUporII 
- Leader: Equilla Luke. 2025 HSS. No fee. 

Tuesday, May 25 
• 10 a.m.-12 p.m. - Undergl'lldu'" Growth 
Group - Open for women. Leaders: Undsay 
Calderon and Beverly McCreary. 1003 GH. Call 
Undsay at 534-3755. 
• 2-3 p.m. - Le.blan/gaylbl .. xual pMr 
counHIlng with Steve. Do you have a question 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In I let's 
talk. Located In the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place I Ubrary Lounge In Price Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 for details. (wHkly) 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Gl'lIduate Gay and aIMxul 
Men'. SUpport Group-Lower level conf. room, 
Student Center Bldg. B. No fee. 

Wednesday, May 26 
• 2-3 p.m. - Lesblan/Gay/BI .. xual PHr 
Coun .. llng with DaVid. Do you have questions 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk lo? Our office is 
located in the Price Center next to Mac's Place 
I Ubrary lounge. Call 534-3987 for details . 
(weekly) 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Chicano, LMlno, MuHlCultUral 
Group - Revelle CoIege Provo Bldg., Leader: 
Dan Munoz. No tee. (weekly) 

Photo Illustration by Marcus Lobbia 

.5-8:30 p.rn. -lAabIan • a_ ... 1 Women'. 
!qIport Group - A confidential ctop-In group 
with a supportive environment to dllIQISS Issues 
ofl8xua11ty. LedbyCheIi. Student Center Bldg. B 
lower Ie~ oonf. room. c.l1 534-3t87 tor de ..... 
No fee. (wNkIy) 
• 8:30-8 p.m. - Gey end a_xu.. Men'. 
SUpport Group - We're a .... and c:onfIdeIltiaI 
group for people to cIscuss their concerns about 
their sexuality led by David and Steve. Student 
Center B, lower level oonf. room. Call 534-3987 
tor details. No fee. (WHkIy) 

Thursday, May 27 
• 1-2 p.m. - lHbIan Gay a_xual ,.... 
eounaeung with Chel. Do you have questions 
about your slXuality? Do you need an 
und8rstandlng person to talk to? Call 534-3987 to 
I8t up an appointment. (WHkIy) 
.5:30-7 p.m. - Common Ground-A support 
group for friends and fanilies of lesbians, gays 
and bisexuals. lower level conference 
room,Student Center Bldg. B. 

Friday, May 28 
.11-11:SO a.m. - Mind-Body Conlleclloll. 
Leader: Beverly H8Iju. 412 MAAC. No fee. 
a 11 :30 a.m.-1 p.m. - SUpport Group for 
Gradu'" Women-Leaders: Beverly McCreary 
and Jane Parr. 1003 GH, no fee . 
.12:30-2 p.rn. - Pan-Aalan Community Forum 
-MountainVlewl..ounge.Leaclers:.JeanneManese 
and AMn ANarez. Drop-in. No fee. (WfHIIdy) 
• 1-2:30 p.m.-Ov8rcomIng CompuI8M &tina 
- Cal kIr sign-up. HSS 2148. No fee. 534-3585. 
• 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and Subatllnc:e Abu .. 
Group - Revelle College Provo Bldg., no fee. 
.4-6 p.m. - c.mpua BlIck FonIm - Mountain 
Vlewloulge. Leader: Phil Raphael. Nofee. (W8IIkIy) 

HEALTH&mm 
Monday·Friday 

.9 a.m.-12 p.m. - Wondering why you are out 
of breath walking from PHto York? Feeling a little 
stiff and sore these days? Check your 
C81dlovucularfltneaa, muscular ..... ngth and 
endurance, and flexibility all for FREE in 
FITSTOP. Come by second floor Student Health 
to make an appointment. (weekly) 

Monday-Thursday 
• (2p.m., Mon; to a.m. & t p.m., TUBS. ; tt a.m. 
& 1 p.m., Wed.; 10 a.m. & 1 p.m., Thurs.)- Get 
your FREE oondomat a Women's SaxualHealth 
Info Session and learn about birth oontrol, STO 
prevention and pelvic exams. 2nd floor, Student 
Health Center. 

Wednesday-Friday 
• (2-,ip.m., Wed.; 1-3p.m., Thurs.;2-4p.m. Fri.) 
- Do you know your totsl blood cholesterol 
level? Come find out at Student Health. $5. 
(weekly) 

Monday, May 24 
• 5 p.m. - Student environmental Action 
Coalition MeetIng - Get invoived In Earth Day, 
recycling, an environmentjll newspaper and much 
more. OffIce 208 Student Center, directly above 
Soft Reserves. Everyone is welcomel (weekly) 
.7p.m.-ClrcleKlnternatiol1lll-Community 
service organization meets in Gallery B, Price 
Center. Come join us. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - LGBA auslness .... tlng. - Get 
involved with LGBA-you'li make friends and have 
a great time helping out. Make it your businessl 
Meetings are at the WRC. (wHkly) 

Tuesday, May 25 
• 12 p.m. - AA .... tlng - New location: Muir 
Biology Building, room 1208. (weekly) 
.3-4 p.rn. - Adult Chllchn of AIcohoIIcI (ACA) 
- 12-step !1OUP meeting. PUIpose of group Is to 
welcome and give comklI1 to chiIchn of aIoohoics. 
Free, anonymous and oontdentlal. Price Center 
Admin. 2nd floor above Food Court. Irvine Room. 
Everyoneweicome. 753-2106. (~ 
• 5 p.m. - BIweekly meeting of CCM panel of 
Post Doc Grad students at MTF 275. Chicanos! 
Latinos for creative medicine. (weekly) 

Wednesday, May 26 
.1-3p.m.-Facuhy, Student, StatfInt8r8Ct1on 
meets for lunch to informally discuss on topics of 
today. All siudents and faculty are welcome to 
join. For more info: Chris 558-2103. (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - The Reville Commuter Advisory 
Board needs people like you. Weekly meetings 
are at the Revelle Provost's offlce.(weekly) 
• 4-6 p.m. - Student Affirmative Action 
Commltt .. Meeting. Santa Barbara/Los Angeles 
room, Price Center. All welcome. (weeldy) 
• 4 p.m. - Third College Tranafer+Re-Entry 
Studentl (TRES) .... tlna - Dlac:uss problems, 
solutions, questions and answers about being a 
transfer or re-entry student. (WHk/y) 
.5 p.m. - Would you like to make newfrlendl 
while performing HrVIce for your lChooi and 
community? Corne join us and find out about 
Alpha Phi Omega, UCSD's only co-ed National 
Service Fraternity. WLH 2114. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - WlIcIIrnIu Club -Interested in 
hiking, mountain biking and other outdoor 
ac:tIvItIeI? Join us on the second floor patio of the 
student center. above KSDT. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - ASAP - Get involved with ActIve 
Students for AIDS Prevention. Political activism, 
voIunteeriam. Help prevent the spread of AIDSI 
Price Center. (WHkIy) 
.7p.m.-Germlnal-Meetstoaeeandcllc:usa 
current vIdIoa and audio tapes on lOCiai and 
poIltlclllasueI, documentaries and lllma, IIOmI of 
which are rarely...., anywhere becaualalmecla 
cenecnhlp. Chit Ca ... (WHkIy) 

Monday, May 24,1993 

Th~y,May27 
• 5 p.m. - Warren Commublrlln Action -
Get to know what's going on at your oollege. 

MeetIngs In the Warren shuttle stop. (WHkIy) 
Friday, May 28 

• 7:30-10a.m. -Cometo the Alvelle Com",,*, 
.......... at the Revelle Commuter Lounge. All 
you can eat for half a buck. (WNk/.)1 
• 8-10 a.m. - Warren Convnut ... Breaklut. 
Meet fellow students and fill up before clau. Lit. 
Bldg. 2nd ftoor conference room. All you can eatl 
Only SOC. (weekly) 
• 10:30 a.m. - JoIn Third College Commuter 
Boerd and help plan events. Meetings at Third 
College Dean's conference room. (wee/cln 
• 12 p.m. - AA .... tlng - Student Center A, 
room 113. large conference room. (weelcln 
.2:30 p.m.-Natlw Amertcan StudlntAlIIllnc:e 
(NASA) meeta weekly on Fridays at the Grove. 
Come and get Involved I (weekln 

Monday-Sunday 
• Original Drawings and olher memorabilia from 
the ~Dr. SaUlS Collection" recently donated to 
UCSD will go on public display al the Central 
Ubrarythough August 1993. The collection will be 
available for viewing during regular library hours. 

Monday·Saturday 
• 10 a.m.-5 p.m. - Grove Gallery presents 
"Verdict L.A. - Recent Serigraphll from Self 
Help Graphics" - Prints which address issues 
surrounding the events following last year's 
Rodney King verdict, and reflect life in the City of 
the Angels as seen through th" eyes of the ar1ists. 
Open Saturday (10a.m.-2p.m.)through June 13. 

Monday-Friday 
• 12-5 p.rn. - SprIng Cellbndlan 01 the Ar1s 
lhIIrgnIclJIIe Show - San1JIng oflle best rills 
III UCSO. Free food and awes wIIh special rrusIcaI 
IJJ88t ems Fritz. MIll ide ..... Amax GaIay. ReoapIon 
b rills on Friday, May 28, 5 p.m-9 p.rn. Free. 

Monday-Thursday 
• 9 p.m.-2 a.m. - Late night coffee house. 
"Cafe Diana at the Che." Good music, variety of 
yummy baked goods. Specialty coffees and teas. 
Open microphone ... (weekly) 

Tuesday-Sunday 
• 12-5 p.m. - MandevUle Gallery PI'IIent. 
Selected Work. of Conrad Atkinson -
Acknowledged as one of Britain's most irrportant 
artists, CorvadAt<lnson haslncorporatscllisan:erns 
about popular aAn and the poItics of the day info 
the art he hssaeated for the past 20 years. Works on 
cisplay in MandeviIe Gallery through June 13. 

Monday, May 24 
.4 p.m. - Open "'1-At the Grove Caffe. AI 
rnJSiciansweioomelUsti8nersweloorne, too. (WNIdy) 

, W8d~~May26 
.• 12p.m.-LuncllontheHump~outand 
eat Iulch with LGBA. BrIng your own food. (W86I<.)? 
.5 p.m.-GroveGIg Rl1IIlIwillbe featuring the 
bands "12 Gauge Persuasion," "New Direction" 
and "Mr. Baker" in our year's end show. 
.7-9p.m.- VJewaon NatlveAmerlc:an Cultures 
- Featuring Professor David Whitehorse and the 
IntertrbaI Dancers. Free food. Pepper Canyon. 
Brought to you by the Fifth College Program Board. 

Thursday, May 27 
• 12 p.m.-3 p.m. - Grassroots Expo -
Featuring communication projects by students 
for various on- and off-campus organizations, 
dealing with the homeless, AIDS, environment, 
latch-key kids and more. There will be food , music 
and other entertainment. Hump/Gym steps. 
.6 p.m - All you can eat Thursday night supper 
tor$2. Spot 1801 edbythe UCSD CetholicColTm.mity. ' 
Corne to the University Lutheran Church. (waekM 
.,0 p.m. - Poetry Night at cafe Diana at the 
Che Cafe. Bring your own poetry, listen to oIhers 
or do both. (weekly) 

Friday, May 28 
.8am.-10am.- TheWarrenColIegeCommUllr 
Breakfaat has moved to Frldaysl Join us and pig out 
beforeclass.literatu'eBullclng.2ndfiooroonference 
room. All you can eat, only SOC. (weekly) 

Sunday, May 30 
.12·2 p.m. - Radio Callfas-Weekly program 
for Raza. Interviews and musica picosal (weekly) 
.3 p.m. - Two free tours of the UCSD campus 
are offered this spring by the UCSD Visitors 
Program. The bus tours are the first and third 
Sundays of each month from the Gilman 
Information Pavilion. The walking tours are on 
alternate Sundays from the Gilman Information 
Pavilion. Reservations: call 534-4414. (week"., 

RELIGIons SERVICf!) 
Wednesday, May 26 

• 6 p.m. - Supper I. III'VId to students by 
University Lutherans. Everyone welcome. At the 
University Lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
College). 
• 7p.m.- u Goapelof Luk."-Bible Study topic 
led by Campus Pastor John Huber. Open to all. 

. University lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
College) . 
• 8 p.m. - Uts Thera I DestIny Beyond the 
DuatofDMth?"-PresentedbyCampusPaator 
John Huber. All are welcome. University Lutheran 
Church (acr088 from Revelle Coilege). 

Friday, May 28 
• 12 p.m. -I ... mtc Friday PIwyer In the Price 
Center. For Info. call Yuau1 at 450-4681. (weekly) 

Sunt*y, May 30 
• 10:15 a.m. - PenIICOIt celelntlon in a 
dozen language.. Those graduating will be 
acknowledged. Open to d. UnIveraIty Lutheran 
Church (1CfOII the street from Revelle College). 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. MAY24,1993.P~U 

Once known as the 
crystal meth capital 
of the world, San 
Diego continues to 
grapp!e with the 
effects of this highly 
addictive drug 
BY JESSICA FONG 

Staff Writer 
o MEMBERS OF AMERICA'S UNDER-
ground drug culture. San Diego is 
not merely a city with a nice zoo 
and sunny weather, but the 
launching point of an intema-
tional cystal meth production and 
distribution industry. While San 
Diego's position in the industry is 
becoming less dominant, thehann-
ful effects of the drug remain a 

noticeable scar on the health and safety of the 
ciry. And the production of the highly addictive 
drug serves as a dark contrast to San Diego's 
booming bio-medical industry. 

Rarely referred to by its five-syllable name. 
methamphetamine is a drug that usually goes by 
various street names. such as ice. crank, crystal, 
meth, crystal meth, golasl, zip, chris and cristy. 
It is a fonn of amphetamine. a stimulant. and as 
indicated by its many names. comes in varying 
forms. 

"It's a major guilt trip," says a fonnercrystal 
meth dealer and cunent UCSD undergraduate. 
"because it's instant death [for the user]." 

Michael Haight, manager of the alcohol and 
drug services for the Department of Health 
Services, says that in San Diego, the term "crys-
tal" usually refers to methamphetamine in its 
powdered fonn. "San Diego used to be called 
the meth capital of the world. But it' s lost that 
reputation recently not because use has gone 
down in San Diego, but because use has in-
creased in other places." says Haight. 

Scott Weiner, director of Needs Assessment 
and Referral Service at Charter Hospital sees 
and helps treat sufferers of this drug every day. 
Says Weiner. "It's a tremendous problem in San 
Diego and despite law enforcement efforts, it's 
out of control here. It's a drug that really knows 
no bounds." 

Jack Hook, a special agent for the Drug 
Enforcement Administration (DEA). says that 
methamphetamine is one of the major problem 
drugs in San Diego because it is frequently 
manufactured here. Manufacturers flocked to 
San Diego because of its proximity to Mexico. 
Crucial chemicals are smuggled north across 
the border and used in production. 

CnIcIIdowII 
According to Hoole. the heavy reduction in 

San Diego's crystal meth production between 
1988 and 1991 was the result of aggressive 
investigations into the companies producing the 
chemicals for the illegal labs. Law enforcemenr 

agencies began cracking down on the labs them-
selves. of which San Diego had many (see chart 
on page S3). "We used to be distributing all over 
the U.S. We were a surface area," says Hooks. 

However. Hook stresses that while there was 
a reduction in the number of labs, there was no 
reduction in demand. He believes that in San 
Diego. the popularity of methamphetamine nears 
that of marijuana. "In the S'an Diego area, meth-
amphetamine in its powdered fonn is a lot 
bigger than ice," he says. 

Hook has encountered danger several times 
while attempting to arrest drug offenders. "Meth 
manufacturersareveryparanoid,"hesays,"They 
don't trust anyone and feellikc everyone's out 
to get them. They'll booby trap their labs if law 
enforcement tries to come near it. They set up 
chemicals that explode in the doorway so that if 
the door opens. the chemicals mix and ex-
plode." 

Hook recounts an incident that took place 
nine months ago in North Coonry, in which 
Drug Enforcement agents went into a bocci 
which they suspected was the Iocarion of a 

" 

particular manufacturer. The startled suspect odorless, biner. crystalline powder which is 
threw a grenade, and blew up in the hotel room. soluble in both water and alcohol. Illegally, this 
Hook says that many manufacturers actually drug takes on the fonn of a course powder, 
use crystal meth themselves. and that they are crystals or chunks, Its color varies from off-
hooked on it as well as caught up in selling it. white to yellow. In some cases, individuals have 

Detective Cinda Jauregui of the San Diego smoked meth-oil. the base fonn of metham-
Police Depanment frequently deals with meth- . phelal11ine. These individuals reponedly take 
amphelal11ine in the Narcotics Division. Says the meth powder, place it in water and add 
Jauregui. "We deal with street buys. as well as baking soda. This changes the pH, and its result 
people who deal out of their houses," is a slimy oil which users call "snot." 

Jauregui verifies the rumor that motorcycle "Ice," adifferentform of methamphetamine. 
gangs have been known to manufacture the isa uanslucentcrystal resembling rock candy or 
drug. "They [bikers] go in the desen just to cook rock salt. It gets this appearance as a result of a 
up regular meth.I!'s an easy chemica~ but it's long crystallization process at cool tempera-
highly volatile. They don', want to do it in a tures. Many users wrongly believe that meth-
closed area because it has a lot of ether in it. If amphetamine, in its crysra\ form. is more potent 
this blows up, at least they're out in an open area than in its powdered form. But Hoot says thai 
cooking it," she says. Jauregui says that the only its appearance is different, and that the ice 
process of "cooking" the chemicals usually form is really the same drug. 
takes three days in order to tum this chemical Dea1ers must be extremely covert on the 
into powdered fonn. streets because of crystal meth' s bulkiness - 'it 

DI n. 
Legal methamphetamine appears as a white. 

is harder to gee rid of in sticky situations. "Deal-
ers have a Iwder time concealing it from the 

See ICE, Page 53 



S2 SPECTACLE 

JSUMMER APANESE STUDYlm.~ •. ~ 
program In 

PortIMcI, OR, July 21-Aug. 21. 
Earn 12 quarter In. Study lang. 
(alleveIs) and ClAtlxe with 
Japanese students. Outdoor 
wilderness program included. 
Prior lang. study not required. 
ONgoWJIpIn 8un1m1r"""': 

LewIa. CIIIrk College. 
Box 182, PorII8IId, OR m11, 

(503) 718-7305. 

MeAT 
"'" OF THE STUDENTS 

R'JIE HELPED ARE 
IN MEDIca SCHOOL 

TROUBLED BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now 0nJ, $3 5 ~$4S 

Call now 
457 .. 2100 

I/7i'ust in tbe Lord ... and be sball 
directiby patbs. n - Proverbs 3:5-6 

CALL QR WRITE: MCMT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 
AOVANCDIENI' AND 

TIWNING 
4508 CAMPUS DRIVE, #225 

NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92611 
(714) 476-3027 

WEEKEND COURSE: 96 hours, July 10 - Aug. 18 • $360 
3 WEEK COURSE: 178 hours, July 25 - Aug. 14 $450 

5 WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July 18 - Aug. 21 S6SO 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: 313 hours, July 12 - Aug. 27 • $2,000 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA IOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtiAxtt,flV.~."llll"lbtrr. Mtllllltr A/JA. CIJA, s/X;IJS 

1.\ JOLLA VILLAGE PRoFESSIONAL C6NT6B. 
8950 VJIlA 1.\ JOLLA DL, Sum 2103 
T,p Flllr, JUlt behi"d the Elepha"t Bar 

558-3490 
Epe"ill,lt &- Satllrk] 

A,,.illt1lfttltJ AMilllMe 

,--------------------, 
I Unplanned Pregnancy? 
I Decisions to Make? 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Don't face this crisis alone--
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone .•. We Can Help You 

2n s. Rencho SInIa F. Ad. 
SuIt S 

Sen ~ CA 82088 
744·1313 

ISO-A N. EI CWnino ANl 
WiIgInd Plaza 

EncInIIII. CA 112024 
942·5220 

L _____ ~~HMlinel~~~_~ ___ ~ 

The UCSD Guardiaa Monday, May 24,1993 

HHENH 
SHOUID DRUGS BE 

Photos and Interviews by 
DAN McDoWIILL AND DANNY RmPoo 

Don't criticize it - legalize 
it. I think regulated 
legalization of marijuana is 
good, but hard narcotics such 
as heroin should stayillegaJ. 

GINAANATO 
ReveUe Freahman 

No. Drugs are for sinners. 
Repent, before Satan takes 
your soul. 

THOMAS NAJAR 
Third Freahman. 

Of course. Marijuana cures 
cataracts as well as some 
mental ilnesses. 

AKA IlADDADIAN 
Warren. Senior 

I believe that marijuana 
should be legalized. 

JENNY JONES 
Fifth Junior 

It'. --V ..... CGIIII!I1n (no IIfIpGintliliMtl 
and cake the next availa618 styliet; 

tJ«4 '11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg. $21 ·$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, irs 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm : T-W-T 9-8pm 

. .. ... --- ---"-' 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVDIVIEN 

No, because alcohol isa good 
alternative to illegal dmgs. 

JON CHINN 
Revelle Senior 

Yes. It would probably stop 
kids from smoking just to be 
rebellious. 

STEPHEN LuKAs 
Third Sophomore 

RESEARCH 
OPPORTUNITY 

We currently have an immediate posilion 
available for a Research Associate or a 
Research Lab Assislant. Research 
Associate position requires a M.S. degree 
and a minimum of 2 years experience in 
molecular biology (southern blouing. 
DNA sequencing). Previous laboratory 
supervisory experience also required. 
Research Lab Assistant requires a mini-
mum of t year experience in molecular 
biotogy. Preference will be given to 
applicants wilh eXlensive experience in 
DNA sequencing. 

Posilions will organize and perfonn 
linkage sludy ofFamiliai Alzheimer Ox, 
Soulhern Blouing. and Polymeracc 
Chain Reaclion lechniques. For imme-
diale consideralion, please submit 
resume or cali: Dr. S.M. PuISI, M.D. 

MfHPtA~~l~*R 
8700 Beverly Blvd., Davis Bldg. 

Los An~eles, CA 90048 (3 1 ) 855-5166 
AAjEOE 

The first caV. 
drawl .... w •• 
actually ads for 

bison IIMNIt. 

UCSD Guardian Advertisirc 
Call 534-3466 

Monday, May 24, 1993 

ICE: San Diego 
dealers are cautious 
and hard to bust 
ContInued from .... 11 
cops:' says Weiner. It is a drug that is 
not sold as openly on the street as 
others. Some users obtain "meth" 
through their friends and "connects." 
Others do so directly from manufac-
turers. 

Weiner says that methamphet-
amine is cheaper for those who buy it 
in regular quantities and on a consis-
tent basis. Crystal meth, says Jauregui, 
isa "cheap drug." A quanerofagram 
costs anywhere from $20 to $30, one 
gram being roughly the same weight 
as a packet of "Sweet and Low." 

According to Hoole, the Federal 
DrugEnforcementAgency is the num-
ber-one law enforcement organiza-
tion in charge of cracking down on 
meth production and distribution."We 
don 'tgo out on a street comer and buy 
a $10 rock of cocaine and then bring 
'em to federal court. We go higher 
and deal with the canels," he says. 
Cartels are groups of organizations 
which band together to help each other 
out in the production and distribution 
of narcotics. 

Hook says that with DEA agents 
all over the world, they are the best 
agency for infiltrating cartels and gath-
ering enough information to use 
against them in court. 

u.... 
Methamphetamine is commonly 

carried in opaque glass vials, paper 
bundles and cellophane packets. In its 
powdered form, it can be injected, 
inhaled, smoked or taken orally. Us-
ers often use syringes for injection or 
glass pipes (bongs) for smoking it. 
With bongs, the "ice" is placed into a 
chamber and heated, usually with a 
lighter, until it tums into a gas. Once 
it has lumed imo a gas, it is inhaJed by 
the user. A telltale sign of a meth user 
is bum marks on the finger, used to 
seal the hole to prevent the gas from 
escaping. 

Methamphetamine is apparently a 
drug that all sorts of people abuse. 
"Everyone abuses this drug - busi-
nessmen, attorneys, doctors, there are 
no bounds," says Weiner. "The most 
obvious group is the street subculture 
because they are the most visible. 
This is a whole culture developed 
around crystal because it is cheap, 
readily available, and a little goes a 
long way." 

Haight says that methamphet-
amine is sometimes abused by people 
who have long and arduous jobs. He 
adds, "For some time, it may actuaJly 
facilitate that. But after a while, they're 
addicted. Once they're addicted, 
things like their job are not as impor-
tllJlt to them anymore." 

A 1989 study of crystal metham-
phetamine by Daniel R. Largent, clan-
destine lab coordinator for the CaJi-
fomia Depanment'of Justice Bureau 
of Narcotic Enforcement, traces uses 
of meth back to the 19th century, then 
taken for medicinaJ purposes. Later 
on, methamphetamine was used by 
soldiers in the Korean Army during 
World War n. Use of the drug en-
abled them to continue fighting for 
long periods of time with very limited 
rest and food consumption. 

In the '60s and '70s, methamphet-
amine reached even greater popular-
ity when it was used as diet pills. 
Because users of the drug would push 
themselves past what their bodies 
could tolerate, vitamin and minera1 
deficiencies were common. This led 
10 a rapid andnoticcable lossofwcight. 

According to Haight, "Many 
women report that they do this to curb 

The UCSD Guardian 

Number Of Meth8lnphetaml_ ...... Siezed 
by the DEA In .. n DI.,o County: 

1988 
~' + , , 
~ ~ . ~ 

1989 ~..:. '" ~ , ' ~ "'" ( , " ' 114 

1990 

1991 

1992 
Source: Druo Enforcement Administration 

their appetites. Regular users are usu-
ally really thin." Today, some women 
consciously use this dru~ for the same 
reasons, but "it can kill you if you take 
too big a dose," says Haight. 

AddIctIon 
Crystal meth is a stimulant com-

pound which affects the central ner-
vous system by accelerating its ac-
tivities. This effect supposedly pr0-
duces a "rush" which many users fmd 
indescribable. 

One UCSD junior who has used 
crystal meth explains that the height-
ened feeling he experiences during a 
rush is exactly the opposite of what he 
would go through in withdrawal. In 
other words, the greater the high, the 
harder the crash. Says the student, 
'The first few weeks after you stop, I 
mean, nothing, no matter how great 
it's supposed to be, is as enjoyable as 
it should be." 

Jacky Aron, a clinical psycholo-
.,gist for Advanced Health Care, says 
that even for those people who go into 
treatment, there is still a high level of 
relapse. According to Aron, 70 per-
cent of the people who have managed 
to stay clean and sober after one year 
wind up relapsing. This is a result of 
the extremely addictive effects of 
methamphetamine. 

A study on methamphetamine con-
ducted by the National Institute on 
Drug Abuse shows that "abuse pat-
tems suggest an estimated two- to 
four-year latency period from flfSt 
use to full addiction," meaning that 
abuse patterns would not be readily 
apparent or visible for at least the flfSt 
two years. That same repon estab-
lishes that "compulsive abuse is ac-
celerated with continuous use because 
of the drug's rapid onset." The shon-
term jolt that is triggered "compels 
the user to repeat the drug use again 
and again in a futile altern pt to re-
experience the drug's exhilarating 
effects." 

Weiner says, "People who had 
staned out smoking it [methamphet-
amine] no longer felt that it was suffi-
cient enough. They had already built 
up a tolerance to it so they would 
begin to use it intravenously, which is 
a more addicting way to use it." 

When taken intravenously, meth-
amphetamine is injected directly into 
the blood stream, speeding up its ef-
fects on the user. Weiner says that it is 
a slow progression to addiction which 
is extremely difficult to get out of, 
even with professional help. "It takes 
a lot of genuine desire and motiva-
tion. There are excellent programs for 
those who genuinely want to recover. 
But they have to want to recover," he 
says. 

According to Largent's report, ef-
fects of crystal meth include "an in-
tense wave of physical and psycho-
logical exhilaration," lasting any-
where between two to 14 hours, de-
pending upon the dosage. The use of 

71 

Graphic ~ Marcus lobbia/GUoWlfan 

methamphetamine typically keeps the 
user awake and alert and elevates 
their mood for a limited time. How-
ever, the drug is not the direct source 
of stimulation, and continued usage 
of it causes the body to consume its 
stored energy. Methamphetamine lit-
erally causes the body to burn itself 
up. The lack of sleep or rest that 
results prevents the replenishing of 
such stored energy. The high is there-
fore followed by "crashing," or sleep-
ing for long periods of time. 

The physical effects of metham-
phetamine, besides a state of arousal, 
wakefulness, mood elevation and sup-
pression of appetite, are numerous. 
Users may find themselves irritable 
or strangely nervous. They will feel 
nauseous, suffer from hot flashes and 
excessive sweating, and experience a 
dryness in their mouths. 

Methamphetamine wreaks just as 
much havoc on a person's mind as it 
does on the body. This i;most appar-
ent when a user becomes heavily de-
pendent because of the intensity of his 
or her moods. Moods can fluctuate 
from a psychotic state of anxiety, to a 
feeling of depression, to a loss of 
control over situations that are com-
monplace and simple. 

Excessive doses also create an un-
warranted aggressiveness in the user. 
Haight says that severity of the mood 
and mental confusion usually hap-
pens after prolonged usage. 

Delusional states which are simi-
lar to paranoid schizophrenia can re-
sult from heavy use. Weiner says that 
the drug "begins to mimic psychosis 
symptoms of paranoid schizophre-
nia. and it seems like everyone, espe-
ciaJly cops, are out to get you. Youger 
up and look through your window 
shades 57 billion times." 

A study conducted by the Na-
tional Institute on Drug Abuse col-
lected statements that previous users 
would make about their addiction. 
Included in these statements were: "I 
was paranoid. I'd hide in closets when 
anyone would come knock at the 
door," and "I played cards with people 
who weren 'tthere." Anotherusersaid, 
"1 was up for 62 days. 1 drank coke 
and ate candy bars." 

Besides paranoia. Weinersaysthat 
after a certain point, users can some-
times stan to become self-destruc-
tive. The drug often causes acne prob-
lems, and he says "People pick and 
pick and pick at their acne until their 
faces are just open sores. They also 
grind their teeth a lot and wear down 
the enamel." 

One UCSD student remembers a 
woman he met at a party who had 
been doing crystal meth. He says that 
she kept talking really fast because 
she had so much energy. He awoke 
the next morning to fmd that she had 
cleaned his house. ''She was so wired 
on [methamphetamine1 that she 
couJdn't sleep, so she cleaned the 
whole place up. " 

SPECTACLE S3 

,..----G RAN D 0 PEN I N G 1----. 
Costa o/erde tJJentistry 

"" :$2900 ~ EXAM, 
'\. CLEANING & 

/ X-RAYS (bhwIng) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
.. We're open evenings and weekends! 
.. Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
.. Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
.. Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
.. 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
.. Plenty of free parking! 

L. JOII. 1110 

CALL US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_or. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Sune 312 
We accept most Insurance pions and major credt cords 

What ttangs Foar 
and Loves Wax? 

. ' ":.' 

~: .' . " 

Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball , 
blondes, and 
convertibles. 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabrio1et Convertib1e is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they're 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg PM cassette 
that'll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment, low monthly payment, first-time buyer, and 
college grad programs, they 're easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at Sari Diego's European Auto Center 
and register to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.* 

Seethe 
All New 
Jetta", 
Today I 

Special 
VWLow 
Payment 

Plan! 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile We .. of 1-15 



SPBCTACLl4 The UCSD Guardian MODMY, May 24,1993 

--

Never before has there been such a king-size book sale. Gigantic 
selection of over 50,000 books up to 85% off original publisher's price. 
Voluminous variety of popular publishers, authors, and ti~es . 
Stupendous savings on gift and color-illustrated books. Bountiful 
bargains on children's books, text books, biographies, fiction, how-to's, 
and more. All made possible from colossal clearances, over-abundant 
overstocks, large liquidations, dynamic deals. The biggest book 
bargains in the civilized world . literally. 

SPRING BOOK 
EXTRAVAGANZA! 

THOUSANDS 
OF BOOKS 

$5 AND UNDER 
LJr=~r::=J 
I : ()(JI <~; I()I : I 

UCSD Bookstore 

NOW IN THE BOOKSTORE! 
MONDAY, MAY 1 nH • FRIDAY, MAY 28TH 

Boob ..... Hours: Mo.-Ida,· Friday 8:00 1M • 6:00 PM, Saturday 10:00 1M • 5:00 'M 
SALE located in first floor foyer • merchandise priced as marked 

Monday, May 241993 The UCSD Guardian 9 

: .' -." 
.... " .... 

How To Cram For Summer 

Rent Now And Get 4 Months 
For The-Price Of 3 * 

It's amazing how much stuff you can cram into one Public Storage rental space for the summer. 
It's cven more amazing how little you'll pay. We have lots of private spaces in many collvenient 
izcs at atlordablc monthl), rates. Show your Student ID and get 4 mO)1ths for the price of 3.* 

~ PUBLIC 
'" STORAGE" 
RENTAL SPACES 

• Furniture, sports equipment 
• Household goods, books 
• Business storage, too 
• Temporary or long term 

- - - - - - - - - - - - With This Coupon - - - - - - - - ~ - - -
Rent Now And Get 4 Months For The Price Of 3! * 

Just Show Your Student ID 
~~----~--~~ SOIDrnNTO 

11303 Sorrento Valley Road 
2 Blocks North of Union Bank 

Sorrento Valley Road & Sorrento Valley Blvd, 
453-6100 

'" PUBLIC IIIITORAGE' 
RENTAL SPACES 

'Subjc<t to mibbiliry 0t1 sdcctcd liles, Limit one If"« per ""tomer, N ... rmtJIs 0t1!y, Docs not ild .. appIiabk ckpooiu or feu. 
Oft'tr npira ,u .. 30, 1993. UCSD93 L _______________________________ ~ 

Looks like a 
Vivarin night. 

The big one's only 12 hours away. You 
could have paid more attention in 

class, but tonight you've gotta 
cram. First, you better keep 

those eyes from closing. 
Revive with Vivarin. 

Safe as coffee, it 
helps keep you 

awake and mentally 
alert for hours. 

So when your most 
difficult problem to 

solve is how to 
stay awake ... make it 

a Vivarin night! 

... >. Revive with VIVARIN~ 
. u..onIy._~_'-102_oI_ C1 _ ___ . 

Automotive Repairs 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda 
Mltsublah. 'Isuzu Acura UGIIIIGLl:I,U1 

Excellent references from our satlsfleel customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29: .$55) 
1. Sparl\ plugs 
2, Distributor points 
3, Condensers 
4 . Adjust Timing 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clulch 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11. Check cooling system & hoses 5, Check and replen ish all fluid 
and oil levels 

9. Check lighls 12. Road les I 

3S-point Major Service Special $69* 
Co

. ExIra for fue/·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg, $150) 
1. mpresslon test 
2. Valve adjustment 11 . Adjust timing 20. Lube front end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. AdfUst dwell angle 21. C~eCk &. replenish all baneries, if necessary 
3, Valve cover gasket. 13. Adjust carburetor flUid & od levels 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. ~rk plugs, 14. Adjust air & fuel ratio 22. Check eleclrical system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Olstributor points, mixture . 23 . Check lor loose & lost 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers, 15. Adjust steering box bo~s ' 32 Check all holders 
7. Air filter. 16. Adjust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oil filter, 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas filter . and 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lights 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjusl exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road test 

belts lor damages 
Note; for 6-cyhooOf cars add 120. Toyota Supras. add S30. OalSlJn 200SK wtth 8 spark plugs, add $35. 

Complete $169* 'Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 
We replace ' Front or rear. 

1. Transmission input shall 4. Th'rowout bearing 1. ~~si~:tasr,;;,~lbr:~~s Brake job includes: 
seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain oid brake lIuid 6. Adjust Iront (II drums) 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydraulic system 7. Replace front rotor 

4. Refill hydraulic fluid seals (If rotor, turn) 
Noll: Hydrluic parts iIIe not coverld. Not lor 4WD. Front wheel 5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road test 
drive ."'ra. Not.: Hydr",,'ic parts ar. not included. 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls, 
All dur work has a 2-year or 2O,OOO-mlle limited warranty. 

·most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

WIll 1hII.s. ExpiIw 1M3 
Call for appotnImInt. 

1,.-, "I 1 ,,"', ,. I "t,1 r,' ".1." I, 1, oil "n' pm Open Saturday 



10 The UCSD Guardian 

how your 
~rentsyou 

i n'tsleep 
through Econ. 
I ucing 

the 
ra uate 

Finance Plan. 

Okay, 10 maybe you did nod off once or twk:t. But, her, that In accnldlted two or four year 1ChooI, you're eligible. 
doesn't mean you can't redeem,."....,. Just make up your mind between our new Jetta"" the fIrIt 

Take eM College Graduate Finance Plan: for Instance. It lets affordable German road car. 
you finance 8 car even If you twve no tltablilhed credit. Or the new Golf",. The belt .... 1119 car In the wortcI. And both 
Wit gives you three or four different parment lChecIuies to are now available It specllllease rates. 
--.Seo __ Io<fuII_... _ ........ _ .. tfew ... durtngclllo,mom ~ 

W ............... _ ...... ___ ........ wllbe_ ... _ . ~.T.~ 

• .. I .... i4I."vw~.. The most loved cars in the worid. , 

Mood.l, Mal 24, 1993 

Join the Guardian Team ... 
and get paid. • J oumalism experience 

• Award-winning news section 
The UCSD Guardian is now accepting applications for Associate News 

Editor for .the 1993-94 academic year. Interested students should tum in 
an application, consisting of a cover letter, resume and clips, to the 
Guardian office above the General Store. 

Deadline: Wednesday, May 26. 

• No experience necessary 
• Shape the news at UCSD 
• Get paid! 

Mooday, May 24, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

UCSD Tandelll Reaches NCAA Final 
ftEN'S TENNIS: Tritons .Jeff Bethard and John Cross are ooe win away frcm captwing the natiooal title in doubles 
By Art Root In Friday'S opening-round doubles OAIya few hours JallOved frmt a gruel- pimship tomorrow at noon against 
Sports Editor march,BcdwdandCrossteamedupto inglhrel>setvM:tory,shoctedPaleyand <laranonI's Ryan McKee and Tun 

KaIamazoo,Michigan,doesn'trank stop Ed Peterson and Rhon GilIc:ae of Ferelius in 1he first set, winnin8 6-1. Cooley. McKee and Cooley, 1he num-
high as one of America's fa- Kenyon 0>IIege in a come- QoossandBetharddidn'tfoldin1he bcr-threcsecdin1helOurnalncrt,eamed 
vocite cities, but don't teU thal from-bebind. .u;, 6-0, 6-2 second set, suwing Paley and Fmlius !heir bath in 1he finals willi a ~3, 64 
toJeffBethard and John Cross battle. in a tiebreaker, 7~. The upset victory victoly over top-sceds Alan Walpole 
becausethey'rehaving1hetime On Saturday morning, sent 8edlard and Cross to Sunday's and Jay MueIhoet"erofMIT. 
of their lives. Bethard and Bethard and Qooss outlasted semifinal. match against Tom Earlier in 1he week, Bethard and 
Cross, UCSD's best doubIcs Binghamton's Andrew Reifenheiser and Dave Nesbett of Cross ccmpetcd in 1he singles draw. 
tandem, have put togedIer an Magidoff and Vijay Wesleyan. Cross advanced 10 the third round be-
impressive string of victories Vadlamudi in another mara- SWlday's scmifinaI showdown was forelosinglOOarcmort'sTranNguyen 
in Kalamazoo, advancing to thonmarch. 7-5,~6-3. dominated by Bethard and Cross. insttaightSds.BdhardwasstDppedby 
thedoublesfinalsattheNCAA The win set up an after- UCSD'sduotookthefirstset,6-2,then Oaremont'sOuisSadayasuin1hesec-
Division m O!ampi~ noon quarterfmals match put the match away by winning 1he end round. 
And the Tritons, recovering against fourth-seeded AOOy second set 7-5. UCSD's team victory over Trinity Jeff IlethanlIooka to the .... 
nicely from a fll'St round defeat, rallied PaJey and Drew FereliusofSt. Thomas. Bethard and Cross will play for1he (Texas)onThursdaycompletcdathme- win against Trinity gave 1he Tritom 
tofmish fifth in the team competition. The underdogs Bethard and Cross, NCAADivisionmmen'sdoubcscham- match sweep of the loser's tncket. The fifth-place in the team competitim. 

GET RELIEf ••• GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! ,----
I 

----------------, 

. TANS$!: i 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
• Migraine and stress headaches CAll TODAY FOR AffOIIDABLE QUALITY CAIE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

• MOst Insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 
located at I·S and La Jolla Village Drive 

FREE 
ENGRAVING 

F5 HI» 
,e'4 -

CROSS· 
SINCE 1846 

LIFETIME MECHANICAL GUARANTEE 

LlL5LJ 
1I<.><.>K'.'(')'41 

A CRoss REPRESENTATlVE 
WILL BE IN THE UCSD BooKsTORE 

. JUNE3 
1OAM-3PM 

TO ENGRAVE YOUR 
CRoSS ~mNG INSTRUMENT PURCHASE • . 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
SUPPLIES DEPARTMENT S34 - 3786 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT lOAM - 5PM 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a frIend : 
130 Tan Days t2S991 I 

Wolff 8eds. Facial Tamers I I 
'~:lO"':=-& .J ~------ ---------------

,------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ llostinches, and my jeal}S I 
I European Body Wra~ fit now. Irs de.finltely wort? It/" I 
I . Mindy, San 01890 I Lose at leut 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water lou. I 
I GOLDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla P't. LOIN HIJcrcst I I PERFECT TAN" 455-0952 224-9727 . 296-7004 I 

:3251 Holiday Ct. Pacific ~h· M,"1on Valley· 5tete Col.' I I acr05S street from EI Torlto 581.9060 542'():391 697-0014 ~~:~- __ ~_~~~~~~~~~ _______ .J 

TI~IOirNTON 
IIC -ro; I'IT AL 

""I'~I<.-A -."."I<~ 
BEFORE FINALS! 

Come to the HIGHLIGHT 06 the Semes18t 
Non-Stop Music by: 

Preview Tours of the new Thomton Hospital and 
the Perlman Ambulatory Care Center 

/telJ /:'It~~ fife' ~.. fttt:,,-C 
"'$"'" .. .. ~\,,,~ C\s\ .,,~! ,. 

La Jol a VII age Dr. 

Par""" III tbe $IN Is 
PUB 011 evefII dtlyl 

eor.tiuous SbuUle ServIce will 
be IJvalltlbk.frorrl ClJmjnIS. 

9300 campus PoInt Drive, Iajolla, CA 92037 
(olf Old Miramar Rd.. across from Shiley Eye CcnIcr) 

For InCormadoa, can SS2·2SOO 

I 

. 1 



r • 

I ' 

I. 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

Ar Jt JOU ~JC E r,1 E~ JTS 
0.,. .............. ...,.PuIIID?"_ 
.-117-.,.". ('.<MIl) 

w..t0allgl .... fu: ...... ,. . . (MIlan-
• _n,." ....... ~"0.a. 
c:...1I/NIIM) 

The UCSD Guardian 

"FIIItCIIMIIM I'IIIoMIIIpClud!"IIMdI ... 
1IIIIII .... liIndIto .... ~IIIII ......... 

PIdc~ .. lot IoooIng. dIuodI ...... grIIIII 
..... aMI ""'*- 1iIC..., CIOIdIIon. CII: 
"-DInIII P ....... (11.) ..... (MI-II 
3) 

............... eoc. ........ lotfWI 
CoIIIgI.)ItIIn r.1Il1 F I'" tar ~"MIIao"AI­
... OnIup.CIAnI, ........ __ proo 

~ ... JIIb.,..C- ....... 
, 

EMPLOYMENT 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incmments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and stoff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is mquimd; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSDGwudian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,and3pm. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian mse7Ves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For mom irformation 
call534-5416.Mailingat!dress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500Gi/manDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92(1}3-O316. Actual address: StudenJ CenJer A, top floor. 

"... ...... -w. .. ~ .. cu..." .... 
gaad.....,.goanlDula.~IIc.Beoamea 
PuN ........ "Faty ...... Corad PImzz WI. 
T"'~. EmIt 27MII88. (S'I:HII'I) 
OJ NMded. ~ ... I.Jbqry a _ • 
AdlAI Entartalnment NIghIcIub. Piuau Inl1 
TIIInJ AoMV1I271-91e1. (15113-&'1) 
P08TAL.I088 AVAlLAa.EI Many poIIJIone. 
Gr.-benelta.Call~axt. P-3387. 
(15113-5124) 

C-S;-Ior hanciclAladchld. Aa.tie1Ull1ll1er 
and8Chool yell' houri. PIIIInce.Iove. AIIenIncee 
pIeae. 259-7878. (5117·5121) 

INTER"" nONAL EMPLOYMENT • Malle 
money leaching bask: ~ English 
abroad. Japan and Taiwan. Make $2,000-
$4,Il00+ 1* monIh. Many PfO\IIde room & board 
+ OII1erb8netlJ8l Noptel/toulll1lining orlaacNng 
ceo1ItIcaJaNqUltad.Forlnlerl1lllonalEfI1IlIc¥nenI 
program. call ,... IniemaJionaI Employ""'" 

. Group: (206) 832-1146 •• 1. J5978. (5117·5127) 

Summer empIoymeni oppor1Unltlaa. Immeclate 
opan!l1III. PTIFT. AI 1hHIa. 0IIIca IUPPOI1 help. 
Type 30WPM & .- good phone 1kIIII. Earn 
money for summer & wor1I PT IChocI year. Call 
SeIac:Iloday. 492·9995. (5120-5127) 

MOIhe(s Helper: Ugh! hoi-'< + cNIdcare for 
IICIIve 2 year old and newborn. Del Mar .... 
Flexible hours. beginning IaIe May. refet8nces 
and own transpor1l11lon. 755-1132. (5120-5124) 
Retail sales poeIIion avail. In meII'_'s 
CIOIhlng atore in La JoIa. Strorig .... and 
commur'k8tion skills p<eferred. Apply In p8f8OI1 
at Indigo 7884 GIrard Ave. (5120-5124) 
SWUIIIING INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12-$14/11r. 
OoIfun SwimmlngLeaaona. Flex hours. aI areas. 
call Greo. (619) 491-4837. (5120,613) 

Special Programa Coordlnalor wanted for Fifth 
College. MaIn reaponsiblHly for Int.rnational 
Aftairs Group, cuhural. and __ awa_ 
programming. SeeJob.7006atCateerSetvk:ea. 
Appficatlons due by noon May 26. (5120-5124) 

AI.ASKA!IUIA1ERaFlOYII!Nr ·1IIaIeLEM1 
I4lIO 5 E!OO+.'MII* in camarleeor$4.txn+/rnarchon 
IBI*1g boaIa. Free tnn!por1aIonl Roam & BoeIdI 
0- 8,000 "I*ings. No experience '*-Y. 
MIle or ........ For •• ....""... IIfOI18II1 DIll I· 

206-~155 8JCI. AflJ76. (5124-&'3) 

AnLETE'I DREAa E'*'Y IpOIta. '"-
nuIrtIIon. or IooIdng lor a_oIa ........ 5e6-
28&6. (11124, 

Pan time houeec:IeanIng poIItIon. Hours vary. 
$5.00 III haurto iIWt. T ... 1IpOI1eIIon pnMded. 
22&-5273. (11124-5127) 

1N8TAUC'TOR8:8NOW8IO. RevoIwIngI*pMl 
In EndnIIaI + 8M piego. FuIIIPaII-IIme 110m 
s.ptwmbet I. ~ March 1914. 1Il10. + 
appIcdon ... be m8IIed JlilyIAuQull.. Send 
SASE:Adveniure SId SchocoIa. P.O. Box230961 , 
Enc:IniIaI. CA. 92023-0851 . (512~' 

CRUISE 8tIP8 NOW IIRING· Earn $2.000+1 
o--.dl + -'d tnIveI. HafIday. Summer and 
ea... empIoymenI ........ No .. perIence 

~. Foremptoymenl programCllll-2Q6-
e34-04e8 .xt. C51178. (5124-6'3, 
IMnIeIs CabIevI8Ion, 011 ..... TV 31 ...... 
Int.ma for Summer/Fall. Poaltlon entail. 
plVdudng, 1hoOIIng. writing and NPCJI1Ing local 
_...,-ander-ofcommunllyinllrell. 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-ca/IljQ Notary PublIc?" so. 
DIll 587-7911 . (1I~) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. WIlle you 
walt. Xeroxea and more. Near St. Germain·s. 
452-9949. (1119-613) 

VIoIInIVIoIa Laeeona.. You or your chIId(ren) 
can iNm from an ~, prote.ianlil 
IeaCller. Nowac:cepllngatude ..... - .. ages and 
levels waIc:omel caJJ Conrad. 418-052!1. (3129-
613) 

Need typIng/Word prDC8SIing dona? WI do any 
size job, any type of job. I will aIiIo do editing H 
naecIed or wanted. Call carol 461-e364 __ 
ningI. (411-813) 

TERM PAPERSI THESISI RESUMES I Don' 
_a money & time at do-~·youraelf eenIenI. 
RELAX + let us do your word-procesaIng, half 
the coal, hili the tlmef F ... pickup + deffveIy. 
(819) 292·8444 (24 hrs.) (4/19-613) 

Word Proces8lnglTyping : Academic 
manuac:~pts, papa... thHa, books. lea .... 
appIcatlona. AccuratelFut ..vice. Mary AM 
452·9439. (~) 

ATTENTION UeSD GRADSI 
We·ve Gol A Job For You! 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the F1ITH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619·296·3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

PHYIIC8IIIA114lUT01l MIeIonlnp/'lyawilh 
TA ....... "Mr. 28MM4. (511D-8r.S) 
Earn up 10 '10,000 ~ • no irMIImenI 
~ oppoIIUniIy: own • lOOt. RecordIcI 
..... 5116-38811. (5110-5127) 
WORD I'AOC'!IS IQ. 15,-. FtA..w:. 
8p8CiIIbInglntennplpelS._.t...pItnI· 
OUII. Ginny 483-e882. (1511 3-&'1) 

TutorIng • Friendly. expert help In computera. 
Inc:fudIngVllual8lllc.PMCaI,CICH.~. 
Cal ...yIIme. GNg. 558-2543. (5113-5124' 
HAIR, LASHIS, NAILS, ETC. The bell_In 
La.lola II YOU" tor llUpeI' _ pncel SALON 
DE NOIE. ~2512. (5113-5124) 

GRAD PHOTOSI s-dllhlll iIeue for,... 1 HR. 
MOTO PHOTO.cj, orClll558-1890. (5113-5124) 

~ ""*-""- ,..... MIfoq""'" 
will .......... CliII. norHII1CIIoIng. rIIaIIIe. M 

~1cMng<anlIo,aurhomeandpell. "*imumone 
1IIOIIh.944-1050 .... 9 p.m. piIIII. (511:.&3, 

ClARITY SERVICES. Editing: proofreading. 
OOIIIII*D. Tutorfng:wrfIIng. EngIIIII, math. T .. 
PNPI/IIIIIOft. Experfenced ......... 29>HIIIn' 
584-4708. (5120-613) 

111)'pe wtta you PIIIY. F_~; I.-od iMIIIn 
.-. ......... CII DIroa !i83-1!il!B. (!w'24M) 

ImmignIIIon AIIcrner; 25% dIIoount to aIudInIiI & 
aIIIf; eor.AIIrIan 125; AELD 271-779" (5124) 

MOVING? Gel1OU"1IufI1ogeIhet."" P~ 
Ing Store dow the .... 15% atucIenI dIIIcount. 
1°'" 1'. ' . I' ." 

WANTED 
12 GAUGEPERSUASlONlaloofdnglora.loua 
keyboard playar. Steady GIgs, funklroclubluel 
atyIe. Cal82S-7950. (4129-5124, 

WANTED. ~ng poeItIon. ProleuIonaI. 
mature WOII<Ing woman whh ,.f __ wit give 
IoYfng care to your home and pata. Qulel. n0n-
smoking. reIaIIfe. MInimum one monlh. !M4-
1050 before 9 p.m. pIeMe. (5113-613) • 

WomInf P __ ~MamnatNlllllllecl? 
~ In -al1IUCIy. CcUd win "00. 
ConIdenIIaI528-4531. (5117-5127) 
SuddIn .,.. Fa.? RIpId HeMr1Ie? Fa. 01 
I..AIIMg Conbd? SIx ..... drug-/IM "*-PY 
........ J*lcI--.:fIeuIr·TherepJoIIINd 

.nocall.~bybneed~1I 
'" yr .. c1145H1184. (5t2D«!) 
MewIng 10 HouIIan IhIII IUIMW. l.ooIdng lot 
..... 10 .,.,. moving 1NdI • ..,.,.. wfIII. 
548-1502. (5120-5124) 

AIIendanI wanted by pro'IIIICio'1ai. dIubIed 
__ TuITlIknI.-noan:Sun 7::30-3:30.$1.5JJ1 

FOR SALE 
SLwIIoaIdItarule. SpIIng·.hare ......... wannl 
Good ~ tor m.p: 8'2", I'll', 'N1' .. . 552· 
0lI20. (513-5127) 

Futon + flwM.75. F.....a.-. ...... sao. Sofa 
+ IOveeNI S2OO. Can ~ 576-8244. (513-61 
3) 

T*"II the MCAT In SepIember? TIke UCSD's 
MCATREVIEWCOURSE.SllvaonNgUlarrahll 
452-e844. (5113-5127) 

Bed - lui. IIghIwood WIhMcIboerd + 1uIon, like 
MW. fIIId S430. Ilk $300. 1180 .. 792-8357. (51 
17-813) 

DeIokwrtter. HP 300dpI prJ....., for MKInIoeh, 
with ext .. forU and Ink canrIdgee $220.00. 483-
2694. (5117-5124) 

8'8' Ruaty ridden 8 tw.... $280. 8'3' XANAOU, 
no cIngI $150. Cal Homan 461-4380. (5117-51 
24) 

Sanyo refrlgeralor. 2.5 cubic feet. $50. Cd 455-
0911. (5117-5124) 

MOVING TO ALASKA SALE. Twin man- + 
box aprfng sao.OO/aeI, Iix cinder bIocka - SO.50 
eaJ$2.50· NiI;6-drnerdeek· $3O.oo;cornpuIa' 
deal< w/prlnWatand·S3I).OO; end table • ,'5.00; 

.deaI< chIIr· "5.00: boofcaheII- $10.00: double 
fufon + frame· $100.00: fling cabinet· $15.00 
CAll 54&-0140 + Iv. m .... (5117-5127) 
Sofa wiNde-.way bed. sao or beat oner. 825-
0888. (5117·5124, 

......... 

COMPUTER SCIENCE & 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS 

MAJORS 
Aller letlming how to appIlI all go" luloe learned, 

the onlll question lelf is where. 
Welcome to Your Future 101. 

Out of the thousands of software companies in the world today, you must 
decide which puahu the leading edge, which will be around a decade from 
now. And, quite frankly, which 0( these is hiring. To this end, consider the 
following; 

J.D. Edwards software is used by over half of the Fortune 500 and was 
awarded IBM's Mark of Quality Award for 1993. 1.0. Edwards has posted 
a ~ growth rate for the past 16 years with no outside capital, no outside 
debt 

And 1.0. Edwards is hiring. 

We need six Programmer. for our Newport Beach facility to improve and 
maintain existing software. You will receive extensive classroom and 011 the 
job training. You must be an MIS or CS ",*r and a strong Programmer/ 
AnaI)IIt with an overall CPA of 3.0 or better and knowJedae of C or C". 
You will earn excellent compensation & comprehensive benefits, indudirC 
outstandina prolesalonal opportunities in a low stress. supportive company 
culture. Interviews wiD be amnaed on ampul in June ror thoae studenll 
who have sent their resumes and a copy 0( their transcripts to: TOD1 c. 
BeD&boD. J.D. Edwarda tt Compu". 8055 E. Tufta A .... SuIte 1200, 
Dnwr, CO 80237. EOE M/F/D/V 

JDEdwards 
.......... 

Monday.May 24.1993 

T~" MCAT In SepIember? T .... UCSO·. 
MCAT REVIEW COURSE. SlIva moneyl412-
...... (15117-5121) 
Twin bed + fIwM. "00o.b.o. De8k +ClheIr,75 
o.b.o. AI In good --*fon.1I88-I731. (5117-51 
27) 

2 BON JOVI TICKETS: 2nd ROWII June 24th 
SOSU. can, go. Mu8l .... $42 uch. 55IJ.4e2I. 
(5120-5124) 

UIqukU Inn V81uec:et1llclle~ $70. UCIIfIoe 
S36. One rigIII.1U 1nc:Iuded,.xpiNe eoon. 447-
8798. (5120-5124, 
4 USAIr ... ~ upgr8deI $25 NCII. HurTy, 
.xpi_ June 30. KIm 447-8798, anytime, 
--.. (5120-5127) 
Wood ell.- WImImIr. 125. FtA 8fze bed WI 
boxIpringI. $IiO o.b.o. Cal 457·8123. (5120-51 
24, 

4 pJew wood ~ _ "30 0.11.0. Twin 
bed. ~. & frame. $45. Cal 558-1108. (51 
20-5124) 

'1174 Fold L TO 1IIaugham. RebuId angina (501< 
mI). New rebuII ClUb, MW br8kM. t ...... hIIc:II. 
CIUlla control. air, ale. S850. Stew 272·2729. 
Smog OK. (5120-5127) 

MOUNTAIN BIKE • NIehIId c.c.de, IIfver and 
black. 20". 15 1PMd. RIdee .... "25 0.11.0. 
453-7773. (5120-5124) 
SchwInn lOep road bike, blue, atreIghI bIIICk 
Mndlebara. hOI pink ~. rune .... $50.00. 
483-2894. (5124-5121) 

'12 PORSCHIII2A -GIey, 17K., PW. PM. 
sun roof. atereo. new pertormanca tires, MW 
tnbe. cable, cyIndera, dutch cable + much 
more - inveated $3000+. MallIn 458-592IIor 
(714,897-9494811 .... xams. (512~) 

1989 HondaEllte80. 4800 mIN. Good condIIIon. 
5750. 453·3950. (5124-613) 

BlCYCLESI Women'. Scliwinn 3-epeed: S25 
o.b.o. Women'sl O-epeed: S40 o.b.o. 625-0888. 
(5124·5127) 

1987 TOYOTA Camry, 801(, PS/PB, AC, MW 
atenlO and pllinl. runs greatl. $5500.00. 942-
35119. (5124) 

Fullize bed (mall_, box aprfng & kame) 8 
moe. new $125; W.er akIa 'wIth ski rope. lie 
MW $90: DIll Mille 281·8884. (5124-5127) 

Tlc:MIa to SFO and beck 10 San Diego. Laeve 
June 3 evening. return Ju ... 7 Mrfy. Cal 558-
9014. (5124-5127) 
IBM 20mb HOD· $15; Scenman handscanner· 
S80; Ora .. joy.tIck (IBM) • 515. Cal Seunu • 
822·1244. (5124-811) 

1987 CIeaIc KannaM Ohia. BeautlfulIII1IiItoI 
body. runs willi. fun summer carl $400() 0.0.0. 
543-11380. (5124-613) 

P_Gabrief.Onetlck8l.July 22· LA. BeelOffer. 
AlIce 542-1378. (5124-5127) 

BMW 3201. 5 apd. white wi laupe int, Immac 
oond, no mechanIcIIi probIeme, Made AC ftxed. 
only 2 owners. II malni. recanI avail .. $3800 
o.b.o" very jlI8IIy car. 753-2108. (5124) 
MOTORCYCLE : 1989 Honda CBR 8OOF. 
Excellent mechanical condhlon. 12K mil ... 
$2.500. C11i1483-5139. (5124-613) 

MecinloehP~ 140(8140)51 ,375. CIaaaIc: 
(4/40) $825. AmJga 500+ $675. FREE Software 
(MW). 942-2746. (5124) 

HOUSING 
La JoUa/UCSO: Non-smoking female to share 2 
bedroom. 2 bath apartment Prefer qufel , clean 
person whh no overnight guest Own bath. $380 
per month. 455-1770. (4129-5127) 

Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
available June: an appflances. washer/dryer. 
$995. 450-0328. (513-813, 

Summertown houIIe 2 bedroom. spacious, cIoee 
to bus. UCSO. Poof. perking. canyon. $825. 2-3 
peopIe.June-September (negoCIabIe). CutelCai 
Holy at 622-0803. (513-5124) 

Prfvate room In 3BR, 2.58A condo. Del Mar. 
Eight mlnutesfrom UCSD: pooIIapa. lennla:wIIik 
to Hfg/1IendII ShoppIng Center; prefer femllie 
non·lmokIng. AvdabIe July 181, $375 + 1/4 uti. 
825-0771 Joe. (513·5124) 

'or Sal.,Condo •• WALK UCSD. 2. 3 
becIr_, 2 _ aa.cIIed ganIgM. POOl. 
1InfU. GrMII81 time buyer financing. Open 

~. and by .ppoIntment. R!IMAX • 
Judith tt.dcIox. Into."yUme (Il.) 275-2811. 
(518-813) 

Summer8Ublet.Fumlahedmaa1erbedroom,pwn 
bath, Mini Mala house. $3501mo. Calf Paul54i-
6842. (5120-613) 

2 thIM bedroom townIIouwe av..-Jufy and 
Sepcember,"'" UCSD. 511401mo. Nina 792-
8453. (5110-613, 

3 IemaIe roommates wlUlled 10 ahara furnilhed 
W condo. Sumnw. and/or 00nItRJIng. JennifIt 
535-0153. (5I1D-5I24) 

Summer Sublet • IINutIIuf 2BR upper, GoldIn 
HIIOwnIn. Sunny. hardWOOd flOors. -=-ned 
beIc:ony.becltyanU375.'mo+dep. 'TllSepI. I5. 
C1123HOI8. (5110-5124) 

FemaI8 ~..-.cI. ApI .. Pacific 1IeIcII. 
Own room. 1ArOI_.135O/mo + 112 l1li. 
AveIIIbIe JIiIy. 0cIney 274-7351. (5I10-e11) 

Monday. May 24. 1993 

Female IOCIIMIIJI.. wanIed. NonImoJ(er for own 
room In famIy's condo. 5 min. wll< to campua. 
Avaitabfe 7111113 (poaoIbIy .-..r). 135OImo. 
Incfudee uMee. pool. tennla. 456-9878. (5110-
5124) 

Mira Mesa • MaIunI femIIe. condo. room with 
pnvata bath. 5400 piuS depoIit. 112 utIIIIIee. 536-
9393. (5113-5124) 

Room for rent, ayailable for summer. $3501mo. 
In Del Mar. cal 558-9008. (5113-5124) 

Room forrent , S340imonth, av*bIelorlUllimer, 
waeherldryer, pool . bus 10 UCSD, non-lIIIOker, 
non·1lIergIcto cata. call St..:y or lIIIa. 825-0821. 
(5113·5127) 
Slnglefumilhed room In 3BDl2BAcondo for,..... 
at Renaiaaance Vi .... Avll. ~ 10 mJcI. 

SepI.PooIs .jaQJzzl8.gym.waaher~.palldng 
underground. $35O/month + 1/4 utIfItIee. Female 
preferred. Call Debra: 625-0882. (5127·5124) 

Female roommate wanted: 2 lovely 100II1II for 
rent. cIoeelo ~pha. Vona, Lucky. lD-15 mIns 
from UCSD. Nice and quiet neighborhood, own 
room&ISllared bathroom. $2751$300, pI_ call 
271-4318. Helen. (5113-813) 
Looking for summer houllng? LIVE at 
Renaissance for only $260. Femafes only. 452-
8844. (5113·5127) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED for summer! Own room 
In 3·bdrm. condo UTC area. Pool, laundry 
facilities. etc. $378 + 113 utilities. 587·2656. (51 
13-813) 

INEXPENSIVE SUMMER SUBLET. Two rooms 
in bright. spacious townhouse 5 minutes from 
UCSO. One master whh private beth and one 
large slngl ... AYaliable mld·June. Pool. 
dishwasher. washer/dryer. Females. 453-8012. 
(5117·5124) 
4 person houaeforrenldu~ng summer. June 15-
Sept. 15. La Jolla Shores DI1ve across the street 
from UCSD. Waaher/dryer; big backyard, walk 
10 echoof and beach 552-0920. (5117·5127) 

Summer sublet. Ralphs lhopping c:enter, walklo 
groceries. other stores, across str .. 1 from 
campus, $271 • $407.50, depending on iI 2 or 3 
people. MId..AJ1l810 mid-Sept. 452-8485. (5117-
613) -

SUMMER SUBLET: SIngle room In UTC area. 
All amenities. $345 o.b.o. Call Monica 625-
0704. (5117·5127) 
Own room tor July/August • furnished, laundry. 
dishWasher. pool. In Playmor oondoe. $340. 
Claire 556-t 781. (5117-611) 

Two rooms In fumiahed house, $320 and $300 + 
cIepoeIt. Weal Mira Mesa . ...., 805 and UCSO. 
Washer, dryer, utilities Included. Nonsmoking 
mMtIfemale, no pet, no druga. 578-8883. (5117· 
611) 

VILLAS 0' RENAISSANCE. Onellwo 
roommata(l) wlUlled foraummerrenlal. WWterI 
dryer. gereged perking, pools, gym. campus 
blkeable, next to UTC. 5244 mo. (double); $488 
mo. (single) + 114 Ulflltlee. 622·9819. (5117·5127) 
Mlasion HBIs. Summer rental whh 4 students. 
Huge 5 bedroom house. Ju.,..September. 5315 
mo. 574-8450. (5117-611) 
2 summer roommates wanted: to share master 
bdrm. Mid-June- Sept. 1. UTCareeoondo,priYate 
balli, poof. wid. Rani: S225Imonth each + 1/4 
Ulflltlell each. MIlle or female non-amokera. Cal 
Tracy, She~. OIC1v1st1ne@558-4542.(5I17·5I27) 

HOT TUB ON SHORES FOR SUMMERI ShaAI 
big double in house. $300 + pert Uliltlea. LOAFS 

~I Kevin 457·8096. (5117-5127) 

2 female roommales needed 10 share oondo In 
Playmor area. Summer and/or continuing. 452· 
8844. (5117-811) 

FOR RENT: 3 bedroom 2.5 bath condominium 
...., UCSO. All apptIancee. 3945 CAMINO 
UNDO. JtIIy 1. $1260.00. 454-8482. (5117-6'3) 
FOR RENT: SummerQ)leloryeer ...... ,2501 
month (negotiable). 10l1li. June 14 with f'RD 
RENT unIII JIiIy 1. 3 bcIrm, 2.5 I11III. PIaymor, 
poof, alarm. CIII 597-2028. (5120-5124) 
SuIMler sublet. Female roomllllle(.) needed 
for maater bedroom In UniverWty CIIy . Pool. 
jacuzzi. weJctot room. rac:quetbIIII. CIoIeIo UCSO, 
UTC,petk.$475.00tm0.or $237.50 to Iharw+ II 
2 utIIItieI. 8114-Q/1. 825-0918. (5120-5124) 
Summer ~ lingle In a 3 bedroom 1.5 
bath condo wfth 2 ....... for $350 + 113 utItItiee. 
Fumlahed or untumIahed. poof, cIthwaaher, 
......., and dryer. UTC area, and nonsmokers. 
450-3252 or 558-8786. (5117·5127) 

LARGE BEDROOM for SUMMER renI In a 
spacIoua 4 bedroom fumlahed house. CcUd be 
double. Off La JoiIII ScInIc Drive • walklbllllllO 
UCSD. BEACH. S38Oo'mon!h + 115 Ulflltlea. 
Jennifer 457-4452. (5f2O.6I1) 

RoornrnaIII needed to .... ~ HIc:rest 
apnnent-vaJlldollngs,JoadMoxlIoois.A ...... 
..u.l.s.pt 15. $4Cltm1or1h. 0II0y for two peopelO 
.... becRom 298-7938. (5r.!G&'27) 
Sublet - 1 dbI .• 1 angI. room .\/111. June 12·Aug. 
31 , pPeIIIty longer· poof , spa, t""",,,courts, MI 
F. 558-3770. (5120-5127) 

Del Mar: Spacious room In fully furnished aptmt . 
Tennis , pool , sauna. lacuzzl, beaullful 
surroundings, 112 mile from beech. c.bfe TV. 
VCR. washer/dryer. Available June 1 st $325. 

CalI25~9121 . (5120-5124) 
Female roommat .. needed for summer sublel61 
1-911(negOIlabIe). Own large room In 3 bdrm. 
condo ne.r UTC. Friendly , considerate 
roomm_. $35OImonIh. Holly 587-3817. (51 
20-5127) 
Female roomm •• wenled. Trleete apart_, 
summer and/or next year. Washer/dryer. Walk 
or bike 10 campus. $286InIo + 1/4 utliitlee. 
AvaifableJune 13. GreIchen 558-3867 or Cindy 
558-9017. (5120-613) 

NEW condol Master $500, own roomIbaIh $400. 
VUIad cIIiIfngs. pool, lennie, rac:quetbIIII. Lauren 
822-<J987. (5120-5124) 
TIvM bedroom. 1.5 bath. Eaat Gate Mal _, 
available July 1. Oulet canyon vl.w, .11 
appflances • .......,Idryer. pool. 511001m0n1h 
$1000 depoeIt. 581-8353 or page 584-4441. (51 
20-813) 

F8I1IIferoomllllU __ ed.ShanI_bedroom 
AIJ!IIIrnenI MWcatnIlUI·..u.l-sepember. $2751 
month + 113 __ Cal 453-8320. (5120-5127) 

Roommat .. needed: 2 rooms. $315, $3351 
monttt'3br. townhouse In UTC. Erik 558-2620. 
(5120-5127) 
Summer Sublet: La CIma 2bt121*h oondo. Pool, 
jacuzzi, ......... Idryer, cable (wHlO). Mea ". 
In UTC. $81O/mo. Cal ErIk 558-2620. (5120-5127) 
3 bedrooms. 2.5 bath condo. Pool, lennis. 
garegee, dishwasher, laundry, bike 10 UCSO. 
51250.757-4288. (5120-811) 
2 ROOMS FOR RENT - LA JOLLA COLONY. 
3BOI2BA. garage, laundry, pool, jaoJzzI . $3101 
month each. Don or fan, 622·0929. (5120-5124' 

Room ..... wanted Iharw UnIversI1y CIty home. 
Own room, own bath. laundry, cable TV, 12 
mlnuteetocampus.$4OOImonthlnciudesutilllles. 
Nice, muat _ . Call 588-4841 . AVlIIIabfe July 
lat. (5120-5127) 
Summer Subfet • 2 roommm_ needed to share 
a meat., bedroom. $195 month + 1/5 utlhy 1* 
person. Washer/dryer. CIoee to UTC, Vone, and 
buaflnea. Cal 822·0981 . (5120-813, 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

SI'UD.NI' SP.C'A'S 
• $5 OFF regular monthly 

rent /first four months) 
• PLUS 50% OFF first 

month's rent 
• All sizes available 
• Reserve early & avoid 

LAST DAY RUSHI 

• Bank cards accepted 
• Secure gate access 
• TV monitoring 
• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., 

7 days a week 
• CLOSE TO UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

FemIIe roommale wanted. non-etIIC)Qr. Own 
room, unfumllhed. MIra Mesa '-. $3OOImo. 
S300 dep." ___ Dlll1I83-1188 and pte.a 
1Mve ....... (5120-5124) 
a.nr-1UlIoI: LaJolllUTCIUCSD. OwnLlrilhld 
-. 3 bed, 2.5 bIIh ~ FemIII. non-
amcIW. WIIf.~,.._pMro.QM~ 
+'*""'-Iaftdod& "'-I*<- 5 .... ·UCSO+ UTC. 
$330 + 114~ 558-71108. (~) 

2 ROOMS • LA JOLLA COLONY. 3BDI2BA. 
garage, laundry. poof. $3101m0nth e.:h. DonI 
Ian. 622-1lS129. (5124-8/1) 
ROOWooIATE NEEDED tor 1UIIImer· &'1~. 
next V-., "-,1 Own room In 3 bdnn 
oondo UTC .... Pool. iIundry ..... IIC. $328 
+ 1131Mt1a1 (aummer). 587·21156. (5113-&'3, 

2 rooms available for half June Ihru July. 
In UC ar.a. $330/mo. + 113 ull11lf ••. 10 
mlnul8 bike from campus I Betsy 558-11207. 
(5/24·8/3) 
Sublet MIMIon Beach holM on quiet court, 
pt1Y* anIrence. garage, waaller/myer, frMI 
back yard. stape 10 baylbNch & Belmont Park. 
$450+112 uti . Dave 488-6781 . 10I11III811193. (51 
24·5127) 
ROOM AVAILABLE (atartlng June 15) In clean, 
apecIoua 1700 sq.ft. townhoode. '-than 1 ..... 
from campus. pool, r ......... partdng, -'-I 
dryer, fully 1umIahed. Non-amoketa ortt, pIeaae. 
$420/monIh + 114 utilities. PIeue cal Tom III 
298-1386 or John at 457-9821. (5124-613) 

Uve II Renaissance Vilaal Need 1 male or 2 
female/male roommat.(s) 10 share largea1 
bedroom In lop floor loft apart",.".. Available 
Sept. Onfy $2751mo. + 114 utitItIee. 457-5154. (51 
24·5127) 
VUASOFRENAISSANCE-3fr1encly.outgoIng 
juniors seek outgoing reeponaIbfe female. Own 
room. Appro. $330-$350 month. September 10 
Ju .... Gym. paJldng ...... riIy. Non-arnoker. Sua 
- 622-9646IMarte or Pearl· 622·9111 . (5124-811) 

SUMMER ROOM RENTAL· Your own room 
In I huge 4BRl38AMlra MMa holM. 1221i.00I 
mo. June-Sept. onty. c.l1 Scott 578-3120. (51 
24-811) 

SUMMER ROOM • tumI8hecI. Mlchlune tIvu 
AuguII. S330 + 114, laundry. cable, nearcampua, 
UTe. 458-0032. (11/24) . 

SUMMER SUIILET . UniIIet8IIy Qy T ""'"'-. 
Own room. ~ furnIe/Ied (H deIIred). Pool, 
tennII pallo. S33OImonth (negoIiabfe) plus 113 
utIIIIes. Cell Mar1t • 558-8715. (5124-5121) 
WanIed: Two people 10 an.re IDOnIIor aummer, 
June 15-Sept 1. 1 Omln ...... 10 UCSO, pooI/1op8, 
walherldryet. gnge. par1IaIy 1umiaIIecI. $280 
pet ~mo. 46H731. (5124-813) 
Summer Sublet: 2 peopI. to lhare mU1er 
bedroom In Renalaunoe: balhrooml3 cfClefta 
In room: wuher/dryer. poole. gym, garage, 
$297.50 each + 113 utllHles. Kalina 455-5331 . 
(5124·613) 

Room rental. Nos raeIdentIIIi nelghbottlood. 
$25O/month. Including ulilltlea. non·amoker. 
IIUiIabIe for -'oua 1IUdent. 453-3135. (5124) 
F_ roommate lor F .. atr. _edl S25O-
$26OImonth al Flenaluance Apts. cau Cathy 
567·2633. (5124-5127) 

Roomfor"".MaIt.,~. Comer 
of FlegentaandGenesee. $450-$600.457-0304. 
perking. ASAP. (5124-613) 
SlImmer Sublela. BIg 4 bdrm house. Unlvershy 
CIty. Large single room $350 + 1/4 utilities. 
Master bdrm and bath $375 + 114 utII. or doubfe 
for $200 ea. + 115 uti. CIoee to UCSD, busllne 
and IhoppIng. July 1·Sept. 1. Cal 825-0720 for 
MIchelI .. or Adriana. Mafe/Female OK. (5124-61 
1) 

SpacIouslownhouse. UTC forrent: 4bedrooma. 
.2 bathrooms. carport. 514751mo. tor summer or 
y .. r. 458-4232. Avabbla July lat or earlier 
(negotiable). (5124-613) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

MASTER BEDROOM ..,..... In 1100 aq.fI. 
luxury oondo for au_. CioM 10 1Choo/, 
buIIiIne. AI--". ConeIder8I •• tnendty nan-
II'IIOMrI ell 558-8057. SIngle or 1haIe. $ 
negoIIabIe. 0.0.0. (5124-813) 

MALE ROOMMATE WANTED TO SHARE Sbt, 
4ba, 3111r. houae 10 min. from UCSOwipool, 2 
...... pooItabIe.andOCMn vIew.AvallebleJune 
3rd. Cal ScoII • 450-9902. (5124-5127) 

&... house, own bedotIaIh. ~ nan-
smoker. MIF, $350 fnc:f. utIItfee, June. CIII .... 
9108. (5124·11121) • 
3 bedroom condo on Eaatgale Mal ..,..... 
Seplember. Pool, waaherldryer.$114Otmo."" 
792-6453. (11127-613) 
3 bedroom oondo neat La .lola VIIIige $qL*8 
avaIabIe s.ptember.~. "3OO1mo."" 
LOST AND FOUND 

$1OOINRgARD&I S8OOf6tlniO'~tothe 
relUmofMaclntoah POW8Ibook 170 atolan from 
Tioga donna 515. $200 for woven c:r..n ooIored 
bi¥Mt - alia IIIcIen. ~ ~ liked. Cal 
558-7525."'" tor Marte. (5113·5127) 
LOST: Women's off·"hlte denim lacket. 
SentImental value. PIe.a call 554-0277. (5124, 
5127) 

Join the Guardian 
as the Associate News/ 
Features Editor for the 
1993-94 year ... and get 

paid. 
Tum In applications to the Guardian 
offica above the General Store by 
Wednesday. Call 5~580 for Info. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to coHect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MCAT. Is 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a situation like this? 

Hyperlearning offers 
the most intensive 
MCAT prepara-
tion course avail-
able . We work 
hard to make sure 
you get the most for 
your dollar. The moot hours, 
the most motivating environ-
ment, the most current material, and 
the most qualified instructors available. 

skills. In addition to these tests, we work through MCAT 
passages every time the class meets. Nothing you encounter 

on the MCATshould be a surprise. 

lliQorous WIitin, sample work 
You 11 wrile founeen half-hour essays. While this 

program typically improves scores dramatical· 
ly, some students need more help . We've 

designed one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for students who still have 

concerns about this important subscore. 

Help with the ap~ication process 
We won't abandon you after the 
MCAT. We have interview and 

The longest mosl com~ete, and most intensive MCAT course .Yailable 

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medical schools. We 
have the AMCAS application 
template on our M acintoshes· 

so you can work on your appli-• [2 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than [50 total hours. No wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Conveniept classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

cation until you're satisfied. Then 
you can laser print the final version 

on our system and send it of[ 

We design and re·design our MCAT course for you • We help you re-Iearn. rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
you'lI need to get a winning MeAT score. 

All of our materials are subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

Spe£ialized instruclors wbo are experts in their field 
• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-

cialized instructors . 
• All instructors have earned at leaSI a 

Master's degree and many have won leach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MCAT diagnostin 10 focus your ellorts, righl kom the start 
Youll take two computerized diagnostic tests in addi-

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills 

demanded by the new format MCA T. We now offer [600 
pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice questions and MeAT ·style passages. 

ADf questions? 
Just give us a call at 

800-843-4973, 
tion to the two full -length MCATs we administer. T aking Well make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the first diagnostic test early in the course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak:mas in both science knowledge and tesl-taking 

WHEN IT'S TIME TO GEI'SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST.SM 
At UCI, UCLA. UCSD. UCR. and now. UC Berkeley e SOO·MD-BOUND 

• 



n. 

., 

" 

14 SPORTS 

R 'OBERT"S 

AUTO. 
eERMNt. SWEDISH a JAP~ESE SERVICE 
AI WOrk Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to BalbOa exit) 
San Diego •• 

((,1t))2 :-.>-11 ::2 e 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm 

........ _0& 
we ...... __ 

IutIricants to our WSlamers. 

-------------------

:I 00/0 OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

"Except motor and trallllDilllion on-rha,,1. 
Not .alid with any other COIIpon. 

~RI~WING CO. 
UeSD 
MIGHT 

M ~OUA 

Wednesday 
Nights 

$1 
PILSNIIS 

_c.~ 

" I' I ~ i : 

• ,:.0 ~ ~."f" 
c.;,R' 

L. ... ----'7he best ~sh and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.-lhurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2am 

• Lunch 
• DInner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w student ID 

Invites You! 
With this limited Invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair 
Consuhation 

• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 

for Friend 
• HK Protein Deep 

Reconstructor 
• Scalp Massage 

BONUS OFFER 
25"" OFF Dcslqnr.r Perm 
25" 0 OFF COlldlllorllnq Hlqhliqht 
20" " OFF SI!colld H.lllcLiI Style 
20" " OFF All HJlr Products 
30'" OFF Sct 01 Acrylic NJiI" ; 

. ~ m.~·".~v._·.<··-' 

• Clarifying Conditioning 
Treatment 

• Eyebrow/Eyelash Tinting 
• Eyebrow Waxing 
• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• Complete Manicure 
• French Braid 
• 3 Tanning Sessions 

Call Prog .... lv. Marketing 483-2512 

The UCSD Guanlian Monday, May 24,1993 

UCSD On Gold Standard 
CREW: WmJeIl'S lightweight 4 cb1Ioys field, ~ Pacific Coast Rowing title 
., ..... K.Hutto 
St1IIr "**" 

Last weekend's Pacific Coast Row-
.. a.npiooships (PeRC). held m 
die frigid WIllen ~ Uke NIIDma. Sac-
I'IIIDCIIIO, rn.trd!he 1993 ~ filmic. 
lI1d the baItIe-aIted Trilm ~ came 
prepered. 

The TriIm VInity women's tigtt-
weighl4 rowers p'OYCd 10 be the high-
IigIt ofthe29-lr.am ~ conpIeIeIy 
dtminIGlatheirfiddin!he2(XX)..mda-
course and capIUring their finI PCRC 
tidein8:35.SecondplalewenlIl>Loyo\a 
MaryrnouIt (9:27), third II> Cal Poly 
(9:35) and fuunh II> UCSB (9:42). 

"k was !he most lopsided victory in 
dlewholeregaaa. "saidUCsDwomen's 
Head Coach Jack Vallerga. 'The 
[wunen] wefe in a different time zme. 
They at least were in a diffemt Ea 
code." 

Themonurneralvictloly leptestJird 
die finI Trilm women's crew medal 
ever won at !he vecy competitive evert. 

Women's varsiry 8 crew finished 
11th overan. auising to fifth place in !he 

GOLF: Tritons ice 
Ohio Wesleyan in last 
two days of tourney 
ContInued 110m .... 18 
binlicm the first ho1e. Hcthcn iI8iTOWly 
missed a 1 Q.footcr forcagJc m bole six 
before dropping a 4O-yani pilch roc an 
.mnumberninc. "Hewasmadthal 
he dido't have two eagles on the front 
nine," Wydia said. That kind of disap-
poinImcnt is a good sign. 

pctiIcfinlls~lheiri'lllC(8:31). WCSIan 
WIIShinafon won !he Jld* finals in 
7:47 . 

BodInovicc squD pt2f(lllitd well. 
with !he first novice 8 boll dupIicaIing 
an 11th place ovcnIl standing (8:05) 
and finishing fifth in theirpelile finals. A 
sccood oovic.e 8 crew made it ido an 
eliIc grand finals. liking fouith 0'Ia'IIl 
in8:S9. 

"We tlmIcd in some pretty good 
iauIIs," said VaIIcrp. ''II usually IIkI:s 
about two years ttt Itam how to row. 
Eight of the nine rowers m the varsiIy 8 
[boll] are in their second )UI'. By nclU 
year we c:ou\d be nipping at the heels of 
Cal and SIanfmL I'm vecy proud of 
how weD these [women] did" 

Not to be outdone. !he men's team 
tumcdinanOOlerexoellertperlormance 
to rowd OUI a sttong season. 

In men's varsity 4 action. UCSD 
finished second (6:40) behind what 
many consider the bcsl team in the 
nation. the University of WasIain&ton 
(6:35). 

The men's quadruple scutJs. con-

sisting of Evan Jacobs (SIroke). Eric 
Fried (3«al), Soou Mourier (2-scat) 
Tom Debellis (bowman) and coxswain 
Zinnia Su,1f:pt2IIcd IasI year's fete by 
saeaIing silvers (7:09), finishing just 
behind tirst-place Sacramc:nto Stale 
(6:.50) and aheadofUCSB (7:15). 

The men's novice lightweight 8 
(6:27) andmcn's novice 8 (6:28)sqIIIKk 
both turned ingoldmcdallWlSto sweep 
the field in the novice evmIS. 

"Our whole crew is really excired. .. 
saidHeada.:ttMikeShamon. '"There 
are a lot of medals around our necks. 
This is !he first time in histoiy the vWy 
has done this weD." 

Shannon credits his assistant coach-
ingSlaffofJoImBwtce.RobeitMeacham 
and Sam WoIanyk for much of die 
team's success. 

Through all die early-moming prac-
tices. ilunsive weight training sessiom 
and muscJe.tearing competitions, both 
Triton aew squads now have time to 
smile and gIoaI . . . until next year. 

- Aaaoc:l8te Sports EdHor Art 
Root contributed to this story 

Roberts couldn't keep the streak 
going, but by the 18th it dim't matter. 
Brown had shot OOC-()VCf par on the 
backnineandcametxxnc in 76, with his 
tcarnmaIe Moe also notching a 76. Rob-
eftS finished in 77, and die Icadcrboard 
showed 76,76,77 for UCSD and 76, 80, 
81 for Ohio Wesleyan. It was looking 
good. When Shafer finished up in 75, 
die championship belonged to UCSD . 

-'- RIII:hIe/Guatll.w1 
Tom Brown .... key factor In UCSO'. win over OhIo Wealey .... 

'1r feels great. I'm happy for Coach 
Wydnt because he made me Uta a 
player. We put the JRSSUi'C on them 
when they wefe playing wcll and we 
wefe making up strokes," Shafer said. 

'lShafer] wiD not lelgo, he is simply 
the mostcnonnous hwnan being m the 
planet," WyG'a said. 

Abraham was the last player on die 
courseandwhen he finished up 18 in 75, 

the cclcbnl1ion began. 'This is every-
thing you ever want, we've been shoot-
ing for this all year," Abraham said. 

Abraham was shooting forthe indi-
vidual tide as weD. He ended up only 
one stroke behind the medalist, 

McdkxIS'sRyanJcnkinswho~ 
by with a four-day t£Dl of 294, one 
beurJ- than Abraham's 29S. 

Shafer finished tied for thiRJ with 
OWU freshman Tun Ailes aI 296 and 
ROOMs was tied for fifth with a 300 
toIal.Atnham,ShafeJ'andRobeltscom-

fOllMr\y 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

1,1<+-1"$1 ~ DRAFT1,..,.~~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS. SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
...... ' ... ~.." VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

Q\~tA7._1414 ext. 6220 

prised half of the All-American first 
team. A fowth Triton. Moe, was named 
sccond-team AlI-AmerX:an for tying at 
seventh place with a 30 1. 

According to the team, there was 
ooc big factor in the championship. 
"Weplayedtoourcapabiln:s. We have 
as much talent as the next team, but we 
have a 101 more hcan," Moe said. 

"OWU was a bcaer ball SIriking 
team than us,"Wydrasaid. "But we had 
more heart. These guys would just ~ 
give up." 

WALTON 
ContInued from .,.18 
during a career that lasted 13 years and 
I'iever averaging more than 20 poUts a 
game. "I don't voce. I'm not sure I 
belong, but I won't tum it down. To be 
considered by those 24 anonymous 
people is the greatest honor of my life," 
the San Diego narivc said. 

While rnosI people complain about 
skyrockcbng salaries and how they're 
IUinins sports, WaIIDn tabs a different 
appOidl. "I think those salaries arc 
pal. What you have to remember is 
dlatoocmployecmakes rnc:ethan their 
employer," he said. 

Walron'solherproblcm is wilhwhat 
he ca1Is "undisciplined 1IIhIetes." 

'7hcse guys have the good bodies 
but they're sliD bad playas. Michael 
Jonlan is not die bcsl player in ihc NBA 
because he hadle best body but ~ 
cause rL his skills. his fwldamcruls. " 

On the clmllt SIBle of his bcIowd 
UnA lean. Wallon is noching if net 
cmpbaric. "I may be a spoiled alwmus, 
but mediocre is ttnOy IIiIIICCeJlI8b1c 
ua.A should be oomber one, their 
n,hIfuI pI8ce on CIidl. " 

The UCSD Guardian 

ASUCSD OPEN FORUM ON ENROLLMENT AND FEE HIKES 
Friday, May 28 at Noon in the Price Center Cove 

The University of California is currently facing an enormous budget crisis. The administra-
tion is considering both enrollment cuts and further fee increases to help alleviate the 
budget shortfall while maintaining the high level of education at this university. Enrollment 
cuts will decimate the already miniscule population of under-represented groups on this 
campus at a time when we should be making every effort to increase the diversity of the 
student body. But the administration claims the only way to maintain the current level of 
enrollment is to increase fees once again. The Associated Students Council has been asked 
to take a position on this important issue. The AS feels this issue concerns all students 
and is sponsoring an open forum to present possible options to students and to gain the 
input of the student population at large. Everyone is welcome and encouraged to attend this 
important forum. Learn more about these issues and make your voice heard. The AS 
COl,incil wants to adopt a position which reflects the concerns of the student body. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Roor. Come and 
get involved II 
PAID POSITIONIII 
Be the Director of Advertising for 
a new service-AS Ads. Assist 
various campus media to find 
advertising funds on and off 
campus. For more information 
call 534-4450 and ask for Greg 
Bakken or John Christenson. 

GUMBAUS ARE HERE! 
Get your colorful, tasty, chewy 
bubble-gumballs in the Price Center 
Food Court. Sponsored by the 
ASUCSD Enterprises. 

CHE~CAFE~EVENTS 
Music Night at the Che-
Every Wednesday Night. Come to 
the Che's lat-night coffe house. 
Listen to the sweet sounds of 
Urban Wood, a two-person 
accoustic guitar band. Music 
begins at 9:30 pm. Life begins 
when you get here. 

Poetry Night at Cafe'Diana 
Every Thursday at 10 pm. Looking 
for an audience, late-night ambi-
ance, a life? Well, none of that's 
here, but come in anyway. First-
time readers as well as the pros 
are welcome. 

Che' Cafe'Meetlng 
Every Monday at 6 pm. Want to 
leam about cooperatives? Veg· 
etarlanism? The Che'ls now hiring 
for next year, so don't walt, get 
involved nowl 

Cafe -Diana at the Che' 
Every Tuesday·Thursady, 9 pm - 2 
am. Don't miss out on the Che' or 
our coffeehouse. What's life 
without a little controversy? 
Anyway, we have coffee, teas, 
food , and poetries. (So what if it's 
not a word. It rhymes.) See you 
therel 

AII-U-Can-Eat-At-The-Che' 
Every Wednesday at 5 pm. Where 
else can you get good, healthy 
food? Well, why don't you check It 
out first. Money back gauranteel 
Tamales, stir-fry, Ethiopian food. 
Stay at home; come to the Che'. 
This week: Indian Food. I think. 

For more Information on any of the 
Che'events call 534-2311. 

PUBLIC RElATIONS POSITIONS 
Interested In Public Relations? 
Positions are available in 
ASUCSD. Publicity Manager, 
Events Manager, Editorial 
Services, G~aphlcs Design and 
Desktop Publishing positions 
are open. Applications avail-
able In the AS offices, Price 
Center, Third Roor or call 534-
4450 for more information. 

ACCOUSTIC CONcERTs 
Contra Guerra 

Thursday, May 27, noon 
Powerdresser 

Friday, May 28, 4pm 
Presented by Assorted Vinyl 

CHINESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
Farewell Picnic/Bonfire. Say 
goodbye to your friends at this 
all>day party at Mission Bay. 
Outdoor games, sports, and fun 
in the sun. BBQ Dinner. 
2 pm -11 Free for members. 
Questions? call 453-2320. 

GROVE GIGS FINALE 
Wednesday, May 26 at 5 pm. 
Bands being featured include: 
12 Gauge Persuasion, Mr. Baker, 
and New Direction. The show is 
free to everyone with any music 
taste. 

PHYsICAL AND OCCUMTIONAL 
THERAPYCWB 
Do you want to be an officer of a 
NEW club? Officer elections: 
Pres, VP, Secretary, Tresuarer. 
Tuesday 5/25. 5:30-6:30. 
Berkely Room of Price Center. 

GET INVOLVED WITH ASUCSD 
Leam what you can do to get 
involved In the Associated Stu-
dents. Positions are currently 
available in Public Relations, 
Advertising, and on Campus·Wide 
Commltees. Applicatio~s are 
available In the ASUCSD offices, 
third floor, Price Center. Or call 
5344450 for more Information. 

EXTENDED STUDY HOURS AT UGL 
The Udergraduate Library will have 
extended study hours (in the South 
Study Room) from June 4 to June 
11. Hours will be from 12 AM to 3 
AM. Sponsored by the undergradu-
ate library and ASUCSD. 

A NEW ATTITUDE FOR ANIMALS 
Rrst meeting-Monday, May 
24th, 8 pm. Peterson Hall, Rm 
103. We will discuss and plan 
agenda and events-everyone 
who's interested-PLEASE come 
and participate I For more 
Information call 622-1903. 

CAMPUS-WIDE COMMITEES 
Apply for a position on a campus-
wide commltee. Applications are 
available in the ASUCSD offices, 
third floor, Price Center. Or call 
Greg Bakken at 5344450 for 
more information. 

STUDENT RIGHTS? 
The Student Advocate Office is 
your answerl We assist students in 
cases against Professors, staff, 
the administration, etc. We defend 
student rights I Call 534-0476, 
24 hrs. AS offices, 3rd floor Price 
Center. 

FREE PUB SHOW 
12 - Gauge Persuasion 

The Basics 
Contradiction 

Jennything 
May 26th 6:00 pIn 

sp~nsored by AS tJrogramming 

Want more members for your 
club or organization? 

Want more customers for your business? 

Then buy an ad in the 

•• RECORD 
When new students arrive next fall, the 
New Student Record will be one of the first 
things they see. 

Full page 
112 page 
1/4 page 
1/8 page 

$150 
$90 
$50 
$30 

Sponsored by Triton Yearbook & ASUCSD 
Call the Triton Yearbook at 534-7491. 

Thursday Movie 

15 

Groundhog 
Day 

price centt.-r theatre 
11:30 

tickets: $1 in advance! $2 day of show 
AS Programming 
VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Congratulations to the New 92-93 Stam! 

Every volunteer that participated in 
programs this year is welcome to come 
to the awards ceremony being held at 
Porter's Pub on Tuesday, June 1 at 5:00 
pm. 

The last work day for Habitat for 
Humanity is Saturday, May .~9. If 
interested call the Volunteer Connec-
tion for details. If yOL. ~re interested in 
a leadership position with Habitat for 
Humanity here at UCSD, call Alina at 
the V.C. Office. 

A.S. News1laahes Is produced by the Ms(ll;llJte<I 
Students of UCSD. Student orpnll1ltJons IT''Y 
lJdVettl .. In the A.S. News1Iashes by fllllnf out the 
fomlloc6ted outsk» tile AS. SectefM)"s otrJce. 
thlnJ floor, Prk» c... Submissions Me due.« I 
WednlJsdlJy at noon for the next ~'s lJdItIon 

~--------------------------------

• 

' . 

I 



' I 

It 

16 SPORTS 

GREGG 

-

BigHed Tells 
It Like it is 

At 6'}}" and spoI1ing Rld hair, Bill 
Walton is not someone easy to miss (I' 
forget As a ccnrer for UnA and in the 
NBA. he is remembered as one of the 
most fundamentaDy skilled men to ever 
play the game. But after 30 operations, 
he is also remembered as one of the 
biggest ''What ifsT' evcc. 

Whar if those injuries hadn't caused 
him to miss more games than anyone 
else in NBA history? Would Russell, 
Olamberlain and Abdul-Jabbar be 
forced to include a fowth when 
discussing the greatest big men of all 
time? 

He is considered the greatest college 
center ever, having played on the tail end 
of a UCLA dynasty that won a mind-
boggling 88 games in a row. He won two 
NCAA championships and remembers 
the four games he lost at UCLA-
Notre Dame, Oregon, Oregon State and 
NOtth Carolina State - as if they were 
yesterday. 

In the NBA. he toiled for three teams, 
the Portland Trail Blazers and the then-
San Diego Clippers before finishing his 
career with the Boston Celtics. 

An atypical big man, he was known 
more for his passing and defense than for 
his considerable scoring capabilities. But 
the injuries mounted and his potential, 
despite winning an NBA championship 
with Portland in 1 "'6-77, being named 
the NBA's Most Valuable Player in 
1",8 and Sixth Man of the Year in 1986, 
was never fully realized. 

Despite all the operations, Walton 
was inducted into the NBA Hall of Fame 
on May 10, taking his place alongside 
Russell, Chamberlain and the soon-to-
be-inducted Abdul-Jabbar. 

Walton visited UCSD last Thursday 
to talk about his days with UCLA, his 
experiences in the NBA and his present 
role as an analyst for NBC basketball 
games. 

"Becoming a broadcaster is close to 
the greatest accomplishment of my life," 
said Walton. who suffered from a severe 
speech impediment when he was 
younger. "I couldn't speak at aJ1, but I 
got better by practicing." 

Making it to NBC required more than 
just overcoming the stuttering. "It took 
three years of hospitalization after 
retiring before I started thinking about 
another career," he said. 

Walton got his lucky break while he 
was in Las Vegas recuperating from his 
latest operation, just as Portland was 
getting set to take on Detroit in the NBA 
Finals. "Pat O'Brien called me in my 
hotel room and asked me to talk about 
the series. I said no, but he called back. I 
said no again, but he called back three or 
four more times and I fmally agreed. " 

But that break wasn't enough. He 
struggled for a while, including doing a 
radio gig for a CBA game in Bakersfield 
for no pay on Christmas Day, 18 months 
ago. Now, he chats with Bob Costas. 

Walton himselfis incredulous about his 
election to the Hall of Fame, despite miss-
ing the equivalent of nine full seasons 

See WALTON, Page 14 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 24,1993 

NCAA DIVISION III GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS 

E TSTOP: 
DIS EYL D 

. Jason RItchIe/GuMroWl 
Dale Abraham, one of four UCSO All-AmerIcans, finished second Individually. 

3. Methodist 
l 4. 
I. Gustavus 

1heWeek 

UCSD wins first national 
title by shooting down 
Ohio Wesleyan 
By GreaWrenn 
Spotts Editor 

The UCSD golf team, playing at its home course, took 
advantage of the familiar surroundings and captured the 
NCAA Division m national crown Friday by defeating 
second-place Ohio Wesleyan, 1190-1202. 

The Tritons, playing in their 15th straight NCAA Tour-
nament. won the title despite shooting their worst round of 
the tournament. a 302, during Friday's fmal round action. 
UCSD was helped by the Bishops' fall from grace, with the 

team shooting a 312 the final day, their 
worst round by 12 strokes. Three-time 
defending champion Methodist fmished 
in third place at 1213, with fourth-place 
Binghamton 32 shots off the pace at 
1222. UCSD'stotaJ was the third lowest 
in the 19-year history of the tournament 

'This is the best team I've ever had," 
saidUCSDH~Coach~eWymak 
is certainly one of the toughest The 
Tritons were down by five strokes after 
two rounds on Wednesday and the Bish-

ops, who had completed two straight rounds at 295, showed 
no sign of slowing down. 

But UCSD stayed cool The Tritons fired a toumament-
bestrourxl of293 while OWU stumbled to a 300, giving the 
home team a two-stroke edge heading into the fmal day. It 
would have taken a power saw to separate UCSD from the 
lead after that. 

Junior Dale Abraham and sophomore Brock Shafer led 
Thursday's charge by shooting even-par 725 on the 6,933-
yard course. Tom Brown, who made a strong bid for 
comeback player of the tournament, shot a 74 after rounds 
of 80 and 82 the ftrSt couple of days. "[Wydra] and 
[Assistant Coach Mitch Donath] helped me with my putting 
after the first days and that really turned it arouoo," Brown 
said. 

"[Brown's] turnaround was responsible for our success. 
For him to bring his game back like that was just huge," 
Donath said. 

Senior Jeremy Moe and sophomore Pete Roberts both 
nailed 75s to wrap up UCSD's Thursday scores. 

With a two-stroke lead and the national championship 
on the line Friday, one could excuse the Tritons if they were 
a little nervous on the course. But that didn't seem to trouble 
the team. "I wasn't nervous out there because when you get 
nervous you make mistakes. So after the ftrSt couple of 
holes, I just settled down and played," Moe said. 

"I was a little bit nervous, but you know what you have 
to do the last few holes so you get it done," Abraham said. 

UCSD got it done, and quickly. By the time they made 
the tum, the Tritons had picked up seven strokes and was 
nine .ahead of the Bishops after the front nine. Roberts 
provided the biggest lift for UCSD, sinking a40-foot putt for 

See GOLF, Page 14 

The Headline Matchup: Track" field at Berea, Ohio for the NCAA DIvIsIon III National Championships, Wed-Sat. 
No other games scheduled. 


