
Elsewhere 

Berkeley Ph.D.s 
Get the Best Jobs 
BERKELEY-According to 
a recent urvey of nearly 
5,000 UCB graduates, it 
seems that a Berkeley Ph.D. i 
a good bet for landing a 
fu lfilling job. Of the grad uate 
that were surveyed. only I I 
were till unemployed one 
year after graduation. Fifty- ix 
percent of the total group 
found academic employment. 
while 22 per ent found job in 
industry field . The remainder 
found employment in the 
government ector. re earch 
position. medicine and a 
number of other categories. 
The urvey did not cover 
pecific of the graduate's 
alarie . nor did it de cribe 

their jobs other than a 
"appropriate" to the 
graduate' field of study . 

Filipino Folk Dance 
Class Boogie. 
SANTA CRUZ - Member ' of 
the Filipino Student Association 
(FSA) Pagkakaisa dance troop 
have managed to succeed in 
their effort to offer a fo lk 
dance class at UCSc. Since its 
inception 'even years ago, FSA 
ha been growing and pushing 
for a cla s to develop interest in 
the Filipino student community. 
The clas ha received such 
overwhelming upport that it 
had to be moved into a bigger 
tudio. 

UCD Student Hosts 
Ex-Sovlet Dlgnltarle. 
DA VIS - Third-year Davis 

dent Yan Khamish was 
given the opportunity to serve 
as a liason and interpreter for 
nine dignitaries from the former 
Soviet republic of Kazakhstan . 
Although Khamish was 
admittedly caught off guard by 
the offer, he gladly spent seven 
days translating Russian at 
busine s meetings for an 
intemational transportation 
service called Fritz. Khamish 
also pent time shopping for 
electronics and clothing with 
the dignitaries. 

, 

Inside 

OHRoMEO 
HIATUS: UCSD theatre 
department presents new 
versions of Shakespeare. Hi 

SPORTS: Men 's volleyball 
gets blasted by UCSB in 
Wednesday night game. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ......... ....... ........ 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES ... ....... .. 3 
OPINION ............................. . 4 
HlATU ............................. HI 
CLAS IFIED ...................... 12 

PORTS .............................. 16 

, H E u 

THUR DAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1993 V LUME 78, I EIO 

I Car Theft Increase Prompts Police Action 
I CRIME: Yolk wagen accounted . "A good th.ief can break into a Volk ." ag.en 

for 56 percent of all car to len \ Ith a.~crewdnver faster than you can get In wuh 
. a key, he noted. 

from campu dunng January However. O'Dell also poin ted out that 
By Seth leslie Volkswagens and Toyotas are very p pulaI' cars 
Guardian Reporter and it may just bec in idence that they are br ken 

A 55 per ent increase in stolen cars has into most often. 
prompted the UC 0 Police Department to bol- According to police. peak theft hours 'cur 
ster urveillance of campus parking lots. between ten in the morning and si>. in the aftcr-

According to UCSD Poli e Detective Doug noon in perimeter lots such as the 300s (North 
O'Dell, the most vulnerable cars are 1986 or Campu, Third College) and the 100s (Reve lle). 
1987 Volkswagen Jettas; of the 18cars that were Crime Prevention Officer Al Jenkins . aid that car 
stolen last month, 10 were Volkswagens. The thieves are attracted to these c rowded lots. 
number of thefts for the month of January ha Jenkins added that the problem is not unique to 
increased by eight ince January 1992. O'Dell UCSD; San Diego tate Universi ty. Universi ty 
added. Towne enter and ea World have similar car-

"Thieves like certain types of cars ... [and) theft problems. However. car the fts are less likely 
Volkswagens are one of the easiest cars tostea\." to occur at U SO th n at othe r San Diego loca-
O'Dell aid. tions. 

Becau 'eoftheirrelatively imple lockmecha- "Parking at UCSD is safer than anywhere in 
nisms. 1989 or 1991 Honda Preludes and most downtown San Diego." said O·Dell. 
Toyota mOliels are al 'o commonly stolen ve- The UCSD Police Depanment believes that 
hicles, according to O ' Dell. high visibility of officers act. a~ a deterrent to 

HEAVENS TO BETSY 

Jason Rltcrne/ uvarolan 
The ever-controverslal travelling evangelist "Cliffe" visited the Hum" yesterday to promote 
Christianity. His visit was sponsored by the campus Intervarslty Christian Fellowship. 

Problems with Co-op Settlement Remain 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Although last-minute negotiations prevented 
the eviction of the tudent cooperatives last 
weekend, decisions on leases and certain techni-
cal details sti ll need to be made before a final 
agreement can be signed. 

As ociated Students President Mike Holmes 
said that co-op representati ves, Vice Chancellor 
of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson and 
student government members must sign the 
Memorandum of Understanding, the document 
agreed to at Sunday 's meeting. 

The memorandum has been sent to lawyers 
of both panies involved. The attomeys' com-
ments should be received this week, and co-ops 
will meet to discu the memorandum tomor-
row, according to General Store Co-op member 
Randy Corpuz. 

The A.S. and the Graduate Student Associa-
tion (GSA), who were granted oversight of the 
co-ops in the memorandum, must agree to the 

terms of the document. The University Center 
Board (UCB), which wi ll lea e space to the co-
ops, has not yet concluded discussions on leas-
ing arrangements. 

Holmes said the A.S. has not yet resolved the 
issues of where co-op assets will go if a co-op 
dissolves and technicalities of A.S.-GSA voting 
procedures. 

" It's not a big dea\. We 've come nearthe end , 
and we know there are just a few final decisions 
to be made," Holmes said. However, he said 
there i work to be completed and negotiations 
could still fall through. 

GSA representative Steve Dubb said leasing 
arrangements are the mai n barrierto a completed 
document. One issue still unresolved is the co-
ops' request to rent the North Conference Room 
in the Student Center for four weeks each quar-
ter. 

Despitecontinuing hitches, negotiations stav-
ing off a Jan. 31 eviction deadline for the co-ops 

See CO-OPS, Page 9 

The Disappearing Act 
The number of stolen cars appear to be 
increaSing for the second straight year. 
Volkswagons are the most common target. 

January 1992 

10 cars stolen 

January 1993 

18 cars stolen 
Source: UCSD Police Department 

Roger Kuo/Guardlan 

would-be thieve~. Residence Security Officers 
(R Os) ar helping to watch lot:o. and have been 
instrumental in several atTests. Officers on bi-
cycles and olllmunity elvice Officer., patrol-
ling the lots also serve ,L'" a detelTent. according 
to Jenkins. 

See THEFTS, Page 9 

UCBAmends 
Lawsuit Against 
Administration 
LEGAL: Suit attempts to gain 
access to University Center fees to 
pay for independant legal c~unsel 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

The University Center Board (UCB) and 
Chair Chris Bumett continued thei r lawsuit 
against the UC Regents and members of the 
UCSD administration last week. despite re-
newed opposition by several members of the 
board. The suit attempts to secure University 
Center funds for an independent legal counsel. 

RevelleCollege Representative Rob Spector 
submitted a proposal to the board to remove the 
UCB's name from the lawsuit on Monday. 
According to Spector. the UCB as a whole has 
never approved the action and was violating its 
charter by not voting on the motion. 

Although the legal committee representing 
the UCB approved the motion to sue last fall. it 
was never voted on in a public session of the 
board, according to Spector. 

'Tmnot trying tobepolitical by any means." 
Spector said afterthe meeting. ''I'm ju t aying 
that the board 's name shouldn ' t be on this 
lawsuit," 

Bumett disagreed however, saying that the 
councilmembers representing the U B acted 
with the full authori ty of the board when they 
authorized the lawsuit. 

" I'm orry that [Spector) is basically unin-
formed on the SUbject," Burnett aid. 

Other members of the board expressed 
doubts about the validity of the legal 
committee's approval of the motion. 

On April 6 of last year, the UCB pa ed a 
resolution stating that "the legal affairs com-
mittee be formed to retain independent counsel 
in order to do whatever it deems necessary and 
proper to enable the UCB to obtain full control 
over University Center Fee funds, including 
the retainer of independent legal coun el." 

" We need to have all the findings of the 
legal committee brought before the board as a 

See SUIT, Page 9 



Geophysicist Wins 
Earth Sciences Prize 
AWARD: Columbia Univer ity honors Scripp 
profe or Walter Munk with the Vetles en Prize 
By Terri Duggan 
Guardian Reporter 

cripps Institute of Oceanogra-
phy Geophysic ... Profe~sor Walter 
Munk wa~ awarded the Vet lessen 
Prize. the premier award in earth 
... cit:nce .... at Columbia niversity 
Ia,t 111 nth. 

veal information that can ' t be found 
with convent ional research,a cord-
ing to Munk. 

Infonllation about large amount!> 
of ocean "can', be mea.~ured lo-
cally," he said. W ith M unk':, 
method. ~ienti~tscan find the over-
all tempemturechangesovera whole 
ocean hasin. uch information may Mun"', work involvcs using 
~ound waves to 
\tudy ocean tem-
peralure. Arl:ording 
10 Laurem:t: Li p~l:t t. 
the ,enl r ~ciellt:e 
writer at olumbia 
L nlver,i ty. MUll" 
"tool.. the Ii r,t stcp. 
rdmt:c.l the experi-
mcnt and prOl'ldt:d 
a method to 1001.. at 
ocean w:lnllfllg and 
how it ', .:hanging. 
I Ie developed an 
objec tive \001 for 
looking ut theoce'lIl . 
and it works." 

urremly. Munk 
is continuing hi!'> 
... .:~carch with the 
" IleaI'd bland Ex-
perimcnt." using 
acou,lIe \lgnah 
Iran, lllllled frolll a 
poinl ne<lr the re-
mote I-Icard 1,land 
in the sOllthern In-
dian Ocean. TI)csig-
nal,can he received 
on both the EaM and 
We,t oa~t, of the 
United tate~ and 
mllcr lbtcning ~Ia­
\Ion, around the 
world . 

tud} ing the 

"[Munk] took 
the first step, 
refined the 
experiment and 
provided a 
method to look 
at ocean 
warming and 
how it's 
changing. He 
developed an 
objective tool 
for looking at 
the ocean, and 
it works." 

- laurence lipsett, 
Columbia University 

senior sCience writer 

lead \0 new theorie~ 
on global Wanllll1j! 
and pos!>ibly the 
greenh u,e effect, 
accordlllg to Mun" . 

A, to hb opin-
Inn whether or 
not global cean 
wanning is a direct 
n:,ult from the 
greenhou,e el fc t, 
1unk said. " I have 

n Idea. There' s 
been too much 
~pec lli a t ion Ion the 
subject I." 

The Ve t lessen 
pr ize. wh ich in-
c1udesag Idmedal. 
a 'b50,OOO prize and 
a fomla l dinner at 

oluillbia ni er-
,it • i ~ given on an 
irregular b<l !> i~ by 
the Trustec~ of 0-
lumbia. 

Munl.. . 75 . was 
hom in uSlria and 
recei ved degrees 
from the alifomi,\ 
Institute of Tech-
nology and Scri pps. 
In 1960 he estab-
li,hcd a brand) f 
the U ', In,tituteof 

Geophy~ics at 
cripp" to ~tlldy the ~ound propagation 

pattern, ,mel the time 
it tal..e~ for ~ouncl 10 travcl through 
ocean" it i~ po,~ible to IC<lrn much 
about ocean wam)ing. 

earth. it ~ allllO-
'pherc. oct:a ll~ and the interior. He 
served a~ the director of thl! Geo-

phy~ic, Institute until 1982. 
The ~peed of sound in water i\ 

greatly affected by water tcmpera-
ture, along the sounel path and re-

Munl.. II> a, elected to the National 
Acadl!lll~ of cienee~ in 1956 and 
tht: Royal Soclt:tyofLomlon in 1976. 

Muir College 
Freshmen & Transfer 
Orientation Leaders 

Obtain a job referral form at Part Time 
Employment and bring it to the 
Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS 

Deadline for applications: Friday, February 5 
This Is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding jobll 

The o Guardian Thursday, Ft'bruary 4, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
'\bOA'! FOR 5~W ~KO 
1''.1£ l!R~r A T\t('f 

w..R~L OF Wi\'\lRE. : 
" SI~GL£ St-IC>W I'L~\(£ . 

I'm '3""1\<1 pour.c! 'jOu 
at re<eS<;. T 'H ,n "'1 

1 T\ll t-l~ 'NE. I>\1<3" T ALL 
LE.ARI'l A. L£'5')C)N fRol-\ 
\1C:M 1\\1':> U~RL'! 
Vf\\O\£ ,.,\-10 £.'.(Q\l\':ll~ 

CR~5n.1... .. 

0\.\ ~E"'I-l;>1 WEll, 1~rLL 
IW(( TO CATCH !'IE. 

FIR5T I 

. T\JR~c:, INRI A ORQIAARt 
BORI~ Yt:>lWJLE Of 'f'Im~ 
JUST 1I~ £\Iut~ OWER 
()tolE: . W\.\~N ~ SRI G 

i If IK TIl£. CL"'C:;S~ ir---..r---l...-.-b---
• I 
f 

i 
I 
~ 

: L-______________ -J 

l (Ji.·:"jL I / ' ~~ 

AtlQ NeWt , 'fl\.\IL£ 
TII£ mt<.\..C(,'( 

SIK",S 11\ . I'll. 
'at. LU: I\\G '1<YJ 

DRI~ ANt> Go\tIG 
0\)'1':,\0£ 

. -

CI>.L'IIt-\, OONT .lUC;T 
TI1Ro't-l '/O\lR W'C.T 
(OI>.T Ct-l T~E flOOR ~ 

flMI(; I r UP 'N\\\;' RI:: 
II B'C.lO\{G5 ! n ... 
KOT LOOKING FOR 

BRIEFLY ... 

E.XTAA V"roRK 
"'ROO\{\) fl£RE . 

Drive to Sucl{ Your Blood Tomorrow 
The San Diego Blood Bank will be coming to UCSD's 

Price Center on Feb. 4 and 5 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The 
Blood Bank will also be at the Marine Biology Service 
Yard at Scripps Institute of Oceanography on Feb. 5 from 
9 a.m. to 1 p.m. 

Donors are advised to eat before donating and to 
bring their donor I.D. cards if they have one. All donors 
will receive free cholesterol. blood pressure. iron level 
and pulse checks, along with a free T-shirt. 

Donors must be at least 110 pounds and meet all 
physical requirements of the San Diego blood bank 
phYSician. 

Two Louisiana Sound Bands to 
Play at Price Center Ballroom 

Two bands that have become synonymous with the 
Louisiana sound will be appearing on Feb. 6. at 8 p.m. 
in the Price Center Ballroom. 

"Mardi Gras Galore!" is the name of the program 
which will Include Michael Doucet's Cajun music en-
semble "Beausoeil " and the jazz music of the "ReBirth 
Brass Band: 

Beausoleil has appeared on PBS music programs 

and their song "Zydeco GriS Gris" can be heard on the 
motion picture soodntrack from "The Big Easy." 

The ReBirth Brass Band has played in parades and 
marching bands. The group also performed at funerals, 
often for young crack victims. Dismayed, they wrote a 
song entitled "Leave That Pipe Alone." 

Additional information is available by calling 534-
4090, and tickets are available at the UCSD Box Office. 

Aquarlu .... Museum Offers 
'Forests In the Sea' Class 

Fascinating discoveries of the kelp forests await 
children ages four and five in a special class that will be 
offered by the Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum. 

The class, "Forests in the Sea," will introduce chi~ 
dren to kelp forest creatures, including sea urchins and 
sea stars, and will be held from 9:30 a.m. until noon on 
Saturday, Feb. 27. 

Children will also be able to taste treats made with 
giant kelp, and each participant wi ll take home a kelp 
forest craft. 

Advance reservations are required and can be made 
by calling the aquarium at 534-8665. 

The Guardian 

V '· e! ttl 
... ,#" .J.. ''''~''''~~'' ",A.y . 

Today; ... rf: 
Water temp: 

. J':;,. .~ ., ), 
5-8 ft. 
58· 

Thurs: 65·/53" Fri: 65·/53· Sat: 63·/51" Yesterday: 69"/49· 
Source: NaliOnal Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWEll, Photo Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESE!., Hiatus Editor 

OESIGN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
IllUSTIIATORS: Mlcha Crott . Tara Eotl. Nathan Erlln. Speed Farris. jennifer 
Hart. DOminic Lobbla. Alan Lundtren. Adriano Munoz. Katie Roe . AI Spon, 
DESIGNERS: Joel Amoid. Wi lson Cheung. Cindy Lin. Marcus LobOIa . Chrlstopl1er 
Lock 
,,"OTOGRAPHERS: David Cho. Slda" Deb . Paul Mackey. Jenn ifer Matthews. 
Lon Mitchell. Chuck Nguyen. jennifer Vann 
COPT R£AD£RS: Michelle Chiang. Aron Miller. Jessie Springer. Mai-Lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim lin 

The OCSO_I< I)I.CIIsnea ~~ ~.,.,.,.. "" acaoemIc)t;r I¥ ~ lor "" S\UOEf1lS 
0( OCSO. ~ 0( It" _ ~ "'I1ofm . ..... Ihef ~.,.,.. or ~ PiIl ... 1twt pem1SS1011IS 

~ polIlbted e lm all rI&tU _ . The OCSO ~ Is not fHllOOsltJIe b !he .. Iltn 01 
~~!U .. art. The.tews~ "lf3It'kslnl sitted ~nen .. _1Mf, do 001 
~ """ ..... !he Q!inIorIs 0/ The u::so ~ !he 1iMni~ 0/ caifomia. or !he .l$s0cate4 
SIi.<Ient$. The OCSO _ is f\rde<IlOIeIy b1 ~ c.t. _)<lillie a QJI) 0( a>I!te' 

BEN 8OYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADV£RnSlNG ASSISTANT: Tara Eolf 

80B DeANDREA, Business M~ 
MICHAn FOULKS, Advertising ,..,.",., 
MIKE MARTINEZ. Advertising ~siIJIer 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

_ SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, AssocIate GraphicS Editor 

MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAFF WRITERS: Jenny Galang. Dan Kr1IIJss. Matthew Robinson. Brett 
Rhyne . M ichael Schwartz. Sheryl Wolcott 
S_~:ElaineCamu$O.KnstaC8ll)ellter.AlbertGat108101.KirstellHalVerSOO. 
Billy Hwang. Chris .Jensen. MeUssa Jacobs. Gaye Johnson. Roderick Lee. Wendy McNein. 
Theresa Moore. Muratl Moorlhy. JuUe Pal<. Paul Phillips. Ely Rallani. Blair Ridley. K .... 
saUl. Rltu saxena. Alexa J. Sherman. Julie SIlerman. KarenSpiegef. Gregory Stepnens 

EdltOt'lal: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax; 534-7691 
UCSD Guarrllan, 9500 Gllna'! Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Ac\uollocat>on: Second floor. UCSO Student Center 8v11dinC .,.. 

Thllt· day Febl'ual'Y 4 , 1993 The U ' 0 Cuart l iHIl 

Students PAL Up With Grade Schoolers A.S. MEETI GNOTE 
KIDS: Teacher Education 
Program hold dinner for 
participants and familie 
By Stephaan Harris 
StaffWmer 

UCSD student mentors. theirel-
emental)' school student "mentees" 
and their famil ies got together Sun-
day for a dinner receprion in honor 
of " Panners At Leaming" (pAL). 
The presentation was followed by a 
perfonnanceofrhe play "TheJ ungle 
Book." 

Seventy-fi ve UCSD students 
who are enrolled in the three-year-
old Teacher Education ProgrJm. act 
as mentors to tudents in the fi rst 
rhrough sixth gmdes by tutoring 
them inthei rclasses and persuading 
them to pursue higher education. 
The appro x imately 80 grnde school 

~tudenls in the PAL program come 
from six elementary schoo l s 
(Aud ubon. Jefferson, Horton. 
Valencia. 1..<\ Jolla. Lnurel) that en-
compass the diverse San Diego 
popUlat ion. 

Third College Provost Ceci l 
Lytle conceived the idea of PAL 
and developed the program with the 
assistnnce of Public Service Coor-
dinator Raphael Hemandez. 

i-lem ,lI1dez said that all those in-
volved in the program posses~ and 
exhibit a strong philosophy regard-
ing public serv ice and the progress 
and future of the community. 

"By focusing on nor only schol-
arship. but citizenship. the involved 
students give back to rhe commu-
ni ty. Cecil Lytle and others who 
implemented the policy for students 
to earn credit for the course vali-

LOll M,!C,llelli'Gu.3,a,.Jf) 
PAL mentor ana Third College Sophomore Mlga Cameto with her 
mentee, Jefferson Elementary student Yesenla Aguilera at the dinner. 

dated the idea of gerting involved, 
and re<lching into. the communi ry: ' 
he aid. 

Hemandezadded that thechi Id 's 
family life has a great influence on 
the education and well -being of the 
students and therefore the mentors 
make an effon to to know the par-
ents as well. 

"The mentors get to know lhe 
parents in order t make a po ' itive 
connection with a university <lnd 
de-mystify some of the notions par-
ents may have about higher educ'a-
tion," he aid. 

TIle mentor, who enroll in TEP 
12 1 attend an orientation where they 
are given a tour of the elcmt:nt.try 
school and an: introduced to the 
students. Once ortwice a wee". they 
visit their students at the ~chool. 
where they tutor and counsel in the 
clas room and through one-on-one 
interaction. In addition, the mentors 
talk to the children about college. so 

they have u more positive outlook 
on higher education. 

M entor and Fifth College junior 
Scott Hunt said the program pro-
vides a chance for UCSD students 
to share college <lnd personal expe-
riences with the children. 

" M y experience has been quit~ 
good. Being in an elementary school 
has opened my eyes to the educa-
tional process and made me realize 
certain people are at adisadvantagt:. 
We as univer..iry students have thi ~ 
grcm opponunity to help the.,e chil-
tlren reach their goals," he :-.aid. 

P Lmainly targets,> tudenb \\ ho 
are "middle-of- the-road." meaning 
those who ~how potential for ~lIC­
cess. but may be ~truggling agaimt 
cenain adversities. 

PAL Program As~ i~tant Patti 
Delancy. who has been involved 
with the program for over a year. 
said that ~he has M::en an increase in 

See PAL, Page 9 

Co-op Negotiations - In his executive report. A.S. President Mike Holmes 
Included a letter which he sent to A.S. attorney John FranCIS. In the letter. 
he voiced concerns over the current Memorandum of Understanding that he. 
along with other A.S. student leaders. wish to change. "We consider all of 
these changes as minimal for the ratification of the agreement." he wrote. 
These changes range from the wording of the document and Issues of the 
co-ops' assets to the proposed proportional and the right to a Gradute 
Student Association (GSA) veto. These issues were discussed In Council 
Caucus. 

WRC Dissolution - Holmes included a letter from the Women's Resource 
Center (WRC) addressed to "Concerned University Members" in his weekly 
report. It outlines and clarifies some of the issues which were raised when 
the WRC political collective broke up on Jan. 21. "The breakup of this 
collective does not affect the student organization status of the WRC. " the 
letter states. "The dissolution of the political collective is a healthy . 
empowering move that has been taken for internal reasons and Will only 
strengthen the purpose and legitimacy the organization has on campus. " 

RIMAC Petitions - Student petitions regarding the halting of RIMAC 
construction were turned in to Holmes. The amount of signatures tallied 
equalled 2.128, which is short of the required 2.228 (15 percent of ali 
undergraduates per the A.S. constitution) to force a special election. 
Spring General Election - A.S. Elections manager Jennifer Raim sent a 
letter to the college councils regarding the 1993 Spring General Election. 
Elections will be held April 6, 7, and 8. and runoffs, if necessary. Will be on 
April 14. The filing period Feb. 22 to March 29. Unlike past elections, this 
year the five college council ballots will not be separate from the A.S. 
General Election ballot. Each college must pay $250 to balance out the A.S. 
costs. This IS in response to concerns over past "tagging on" to A.S. 
elections by college council elections. 

Approval Of Constitutional Convention Bylaws - Fifteen 
councl lmembers approved the A.S. Constitutional Convention Bylaws In last 
night's meeting. Since quorum was lost. full two-thirds approval IS up In the 
air until this Friday when the open role call vote cOllies to an end. but it is 
expected to pass. 

uca Legal Suit - A.S. Representative to the UCB Mark Rotenburg 
expressed his agreement with UniverSity Center Board (UCB) Revelle 
Representative Robert Spector on the removal of the UCB from ItS current 
suit against the administration. In his report. he supported Spector's claims 
that the UCB Legal Committee acted outSide of ItS Charter-delegated 
powers when it approved litigation III its April 6. 1992 resolution. Rotenburg 
said. "The UCB cha" acted outSide of his power," and pOinted out that the 
UCB Charter states that any committee may only adVise the full board and 
not conduct business. 

- Compiled by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

APPAR. E L ZON E 

factory Out[et C[otliing Stores 

~ : :~. ~"\' 4" ~ ~ i~ r* U~ ALL PANTS & JEANS! $999 ~~ ~Y~ ~/ 
/ 

~ .. ~ ~ij~~o, 
. ... ':: $~~ ~~ o,~ 

'. 00 ~,@ Cons;tk~ a Small 
r _ ~ '-J Company EnVIronment .~ (\- ~ With Tremendous Growth ~ V Potential, and Oppprtuniti.es 

;~ to Work on State-Of-the-Art ~ Satellite Communicatiom' Systems, 

= ~ ~ 
,~ 

~ ~ 

o Conununications System5 Engineers 
o Software & Firmware Engineers 
LJ Digital Hardware De~'ignen' 
LJ ASIC Design Engineers 

Professional Staffing 
CommQuest Technologies, Inc 
1991 Vi/lage Park Way, Suite 201 
Encinitas, CA 92024-1967 

U QUIDATIO 
BE ,INS 

FEBRUARY Z 
T HRU 

'EBRlJARY 8 

500/0-90% 
BELOW 

RETAIL PRICES EVERY DAY 

N ame bl'allds includillg: 

• TWEEDS 

• EXPRESS 

• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
• GENERRA 

MIRAMAR 
8250 Camino JI1lJ Fe 

450-3323 



4 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Gua,d.Mt 1$ pVbtlShed twtCe a ow k at the UnIVerSity of California. San OIego. Conlents 
t l993. VIt!'W$ elpfessed flerttln represent the ma,orll)' vote ot the e<illonal board. ana are not 

necessaflly tnos.e of tne UC Baara of Regents. U'I8 ASUCSO. nor tnt! enure GualOUJn staff 

School Chief Bill Honig 
Betrayed the Public Trust 

Love him or hate him, Bill Honig made quitean impact during his 
decade-long tenure as California's superintendent of public in tru -
tion. Honig can be credited with bringing about a number of 
important refonllS which brought about higher standards for public 
education in this state. Mo t importantly, he wa~ a diligent advocate 
for the public education system. His detr.lctors are, to a cenain 
degree, correct in faulting Honig for u~ing a non-partisan office 10 

pu~h a political agenda and for advocating reckle!>s tax-and-spend 
poli ie . In spite of the e complaints. the ci t izens of alifomia have 
profited from Honig's reign as uperintendent of public instruction. 
Unfortunalely.sodid Honig. Last Friday, he was fo und gui ltyoffour 
count ~ of conni t-of-interest. 

From the mid- to late- l 980s, Honig authorized $337,509 in state 
contract that paid for local educators to set up parent involvement 
program. ill schools in conjunction with a non-profit organization 
(The Quality Education Project. or QEP) 11m by his wife, Nan y. 
The e contnlcts allowed QEP to prosper so much that ancy H nig 
wa\ paying herself$IOO.OOO a year by 1989. The Honig~ were also 
charged wi th renting office space in their homes t QEP, funher 
lining their coffer~. 

Defender, f Honig argue that QEP is a good progml11 that 
benerll~ public education. But thi~ mi se~ the point. Honig, a') a 
publi official, betrayed the tru t of voter!> by u~ing his political 
office for personal gain. Honig claims that the c1wge~ arc part fa 
political vendetta on the pan of con~ervative~ , but this claim i~ 
laughable. Contlict-of-intere t is reprehensible, rega.rdless of p liti -
cal affiliation. Honig l1l!cds to be held accountable. no matter how 
honorable his intentions may have been, for one ~implc rcason -
\\ hat he did wa~ against the law. 

According to Patri h. Hall inan, Honig' d >f\: ll ~c allomey. the 
school chief plmls to bailie to keep his office and to appeal the ruling. 
This would bedi~a1>trous. Califomia'sschoob would be left in limbo 
while II nig and thc state slug it out in CUlt. If Iionig really cares 
about public cdu ati n. he ~hould stcp aside now in tead of fun her 
compromising the schoob' future. 

A ting in the interc h of othcrs is out "Of character for Honig, 
though. "I'm obviously vCly ~hockcd by this \ hole thing bccau~e I 
still don't think 1 did anything wr ng," he said in the Jan. 30 Los 
AlIgelesTillles. Sadly. it scems H nigcould still use some education. 

Recent Hate Crimes Are 
Cowardly Acts of Intolerance 

America has been traditionally viewed as 1I free socielY where 
everyone is entitled to the "pursuit of happine s," regardle S of how 
their attitude, choices or lifestyles may differ from what is accept-
able to the mainstrean1. However, even the quickest glance at thi 
nation's history indicates that this is not the ca e. America may be 
founded on the notions of tolerance, but this has rarely prevented 
nalTow-mindednes and prejudice. The plantation owner. pioneers 
and Puritans in no way held a l11onopoly on tolerance. Ju t ask black 
slaves, Native Americans or anyone accused of witchcraft. 

And intolerance per i ts today. as the recent pate of hate crime 
aga.inst gays and lesbians indicates. At UCSD. everal incidents of 
bigotry ca ·t a pall over Le bian, Gay and Bisexual A warene 's Week. 
On Jan. 26, the Lesbian. Gay and Bisexual Association (LGBA) 
received what LGBA Chair Michael Lambert described as "a half-
hour phone cal l full of obscenities and outrageou , vulgar com-
ments." A number of flyer were also posted around campus 
suggesting that "altemative" lifestyle cau ed the AIDS epidemic 
and containing moronic drivel such as "You know a homo? Well ... 
/'m orry!" 

Such incidents are not confined to UCSD - this week an openly 
gay man alleged that he wa beaten by three Marines in retaliation 
for President Clinton's propo al to lift the military ban on gays and 
Ie bian . 

It is one thing to disagree with a person' lifestyle - hi or her 
occupation, religiou orientation or sexual preference. It is qui te 
anorher, however, when disagreement become ' open persecution. 
Threat , intimidation and mob violence are !lot the actions of 
"guardian ' of the morality." Hate crimes, rather, are cowardly 
attempt- by the bigoted and narrow-minded to deny others their 

righl~ as human beings. 

The Thursday, F(,hruury 4, 1993 

PINION 
J)OWN liO'r', VNCL.k 

SAM'~ (ipoT' A 
TA~TV TREAT 
FoR yeR! 

AI SPO/1gjGuan1ian 

SONGSOFFREEDOM THE 
MAI(ING OF A MODERN LEGEND 

COMMENTARY: Bob Marley was a prophet, a {X)et and an entertainer who e 
m age of pel onal freedom and liberation has transcended both time and culture 

GREGORY 

~EPHEn~ 

It is my habit to begin elebra-
tion of Black History Month with 
a tribute to Bob Marley. Robert 

eSla Marley, the "king of reggae, " 
would have been 48 on Saturday 
were he alive. I hope to convince 
the 'keptical of three things in this: 
that Marley wa~ the grealest 

~ongwri l er who ever lived. that he 
has a mes:.age at least as important 
as thal of Martin Luther King or 
Malcolm X and that Black History 
is nOl just a black thang. 

Some black youths wear a 
t-shirt reading 

Teachers. You can hear him even more directly in a new 
generation of African reggae arti ts - Lucky Dube, 
Majek Fashek and Alpha Blondy. You can hear him in 
other reggae bands and singers from Israel, Japan, New 
Zealand, etc. Reggae gone intemational. 

What brings all these people together? Reggae is a big 
fan1ily , but chances are if you ask anyone in this world-
wide community, they will name Bob Marley as a prime 
influence. And if you translate their lyrics. you will find 
a concern with soc ial justice. along with a vision of music 
and universal language. 

Biographer Stephen Dav is writes that Marley was "the 
most impollant and charismatic world champion of hu-
man freedom and dignity in the I 970s. " Marley popular-

ized the concept of mu ic as a liberating 
force. During the late '70s, dozens of Afri-
can singers covered Marley 's song "Zim-
babwe."Somecreditedthissong with help-
ing end colonial rule in Rhodesia. 

"Marcu , Malcolm. Martin, Marley . 
Mandela & Me." The ~ix M's signify five 
black prophets and the forwarding of their 
voice in this generation. Marley is certainly 
part ofl hi "black liberation" tradition. but 
he was unique to this group. First. Marley 
was biracial - bom 10 a black woman and 
a white man -and his mu ic addressed the 
liberation of people of all color. Second. 
Marley chose popular music as hi me-
dium, singing. "We free the people with 
mu ic." 

You can go anywhere on the planet, 
from Nicaragua to Norway, from Nepal to 
Nigeria, and you will hear Marley's music 
playing on jamboxes and find his 
dreadlocked visage on t-shirts and posters. 
His music and message transcend cultural 
and geob'l'aphic boundaries. Whenever you 
tum on the radio, the continuing influence 
of reggae is evident. And wherever there is 
live music, music ians still cover the Bob 
Marley canon. 

M.teywasa 
great black man, 
but he was a 
whltemm,too 
-a", l1li-
......Hewasa 
prophet, but he 

Marley was the first full-fledged 'Third 
World Culture Hero." Social responsibil-
ity and sex appeal. rebellion and redemp-
tion, all wrapped up in one. "Chant Down 
Babylon," but also. "Forget your troubles 
and dance." Keep your eyes on the prize, 
but keep it on the one 'til you get there. 

Some have compared Marley's music 
to "a book of Psalms." That' true to the 
degree that people come back to Marley 
over and over, as with any great literature, 
and always find something new. But it's 
not just a que tion of lyrical or quasi-
spiritual inspiration: the Wailers played 
incredible music that never grows old to 
my ear . If! wanted an alien to understand 
the potential of human culture, I think I'd 

Whi Ie al i ve, Marley seeded entertainers 
as diverse as Slevie Wonder. Eric Clapton 
and Paul Simon. After his death at the age 
of 36 from brain cancer in 198 1. he has only 
grown in stature year by year. Marley-era. 
Rastafarian-influenced reggae spawned 
Britain' sku movement and continues to 

w.IIIM"" •• 
farmer from St. 
Ame who said 
that he could 
always go back 
to the land and 
survive. He 
spaaksfor 
people who 
spaakfor 
themselves. 

tart by having it dance to a bassline by 
Aston "Familyman" Barretl. 

A reporter once asked Bob if he was 
anti-white. He said he pledged allegiance 
on ly to God, "who cause me to come from 
black and white, who give me this talent." 
Asked why mo t of hi American fans 
were white, he an wered, "Is God who 

be reconlextualized in our time by groups such as Soul IT 
Soul and Arre ted Development. 

mek everybody, and him mek a way for the 
black man that the white man have to follow, because out 
of the black man came Ihe white man." 

Today you can hear Marley's voice. il1l1a dance hall 
srylee, in rappers like KRS-One and the Poor Righteou 

Since all people were descended from African " black 
See MARLEY, Page 6 

Thlll,.,"a~ . Ft·llI'lIal·~ 4. I tJ93 

FINDING A 
COMMON 
GROUND 
COMMENTARY: Faced with 
fee hikes, budget cuts and a joke 
of an administration, students 
must form a unified coalition 

GA.YE 

JOHnSOn 

Last weekend' 
agreement between the 
co-ops and Ihe admini -
tration brought back 
ome of the morale 10 t 

in the truggle for tudent 
right onthiscampu . The 
resi lience of those who 
have foughrrhis two-year 
battle is to be com-
mended,e pecially when 
the co-ops announced 
that they do not intend to 
stop t he fight. 

The co-ops suffered 
serious losses in the way of numbers and mo-
rale, yet we still see them running. It is with this 
notion of collective commitment in mind that I 
tum to other parallel struggles on campus. 

The state of student organizations and gen-
eralmorale on this cam pus leaves little in the 
way of collective hope for progress. Facing fee 
increases, budget cuts and the administration ' 
blatanl disre peet for tutlem intelligence, the 
studems of UCSD need all the help available. 

Yet rather than face the needed reconstruc-
tion of their own groups, many organizations 
have resorted to criticizing imilar interest 
group . wasting valuable time in the struggle for 
student recognition. Internal connicts have 
caused the decline if not disintegration of valu-
able forces, and where there is a need for coali-
tion , many are di heartened by the obvious 
disorganization. 

So here we sit. As student ,we really haven't 
done anything worth mentioning in the way of 
protesting the fee increases. There was an at-
tempt at a rally a few weeks ago, but only two 
faculty members and a handful of students 
showed up. 

In terms of budget cuts, I haven't seeo any 
large-scale protest from staff members. I have 
seen quite a few staff and faculty members 
present at certain tudent meetings, but I know 
I have the agreement with others that we haven 't 
felt the spirit of comradeship necessary for 
effective coalition building. Wilhoutlhis coali-
tion among all those affected by the imposition 
of fee increases and budget cut , we are not only 
nowhere - we are nobody. 

Without undermining the very valuable ef-
forts of mall-scale progressive groups, I have 
to say that the administration is deaf to every-
thing but its own self-intere t and occupying 
important and nece sary administrat ive offices. 
So we need a new tactic. a collective one which 
is becoming increasingly recognized and at-
tempted as the days progress. 

Lately, I have seen a,yery genuine attempt to 
restore the type of community environment 
which facilitates collective action. I have been 
invited to several meetings of organization 
with which I previously thought I had no stake 
or voice in, and have found a common thread 
running through very diverse group . It's all 
about community, about a collectivity which 
can be a very useful tool, as many organizations 
are beginning to realize. 

In the admini tration's endles endeavors to 
repre ent the elitist ide:lls of both this country 
and the majority population of UC campu es. 
they have bought into a meritocratic and hierar-
chical system of operating. Collective progress 
is a foreign concept to them, especially tho e 
who have "gonen theirs" economically and 
ocially and forgonen the very people who put 

them there. 
The very thing that is crushed repeatedly on 

this campus - unity - is the only thing that 
See UNITY, Page 6 

'1'1 ... lIC~D Gllal'di"" (JI'I '10, :; 

COM\tENTARY: The recent furor over the Womens' Resotrrce Center and "white priviJege" 
has only settled one i ue - solutions to the problem are lost in a muddle of rhetoric 

THE DISSOLUTION OF DEBATE 
I have seen the fUlure 

and it doe not work. 
fter reading the let-

ters on the bullet in board 
of the UCSD W men' 
Re ource Cente r 
(WRC), I have come 10 
this rather dark conclu-
ion. Whal lhat bulletin 

MATI board shows. like much Dl1IITNrnn of our society on polili-JIlWlIIJU cal questions today, i 
thm we are incapable of 
reas nable and fru itful 
debate about issues of 

importan e. And this does nOI bode well for 
the American future. 

I was interested in the perspecti ves on 
white privilege of those affected by the recent 
dissolution of the WRC, ' 0 1 went to it 
meeting on Tue day night in an attempt to get 
more information. This was not a WRC meet-
ing, but a public meeting on "white privilege." 

Unfortunately. the WRC members did not 
want me there. although I said that I was nO! 
going to quote or identify anyone from the 
group. The reason I was not welcome, they 
said, was nottha! I was a man, but rather I was 
a conservative and given "my record in the 
past" it made them feel uncomfortable. In 
addition. I was associated with the Guardial/. 
which is. apparen tly, not on the best of l~mlS 
with the WRC. 

It was precisely because I am a conserva-
live that I was attracled to the meeting. how-
ever. I have, needle 's to say, quite a different 
take on the controversy and :lm very inter-
ested, espe ially as a philosophy ~tuden t , in 
the debate and its motivating questions. 

J realize that many people think that de-
bares about "white privilege" are best solved 
by gut-wrenching conversations and heart-
sob stories. But unfortunately this is not c~e. 
We are so drowned in rhetoric loday about 

The rhetoric on the WRC's 
board, which is similar to 
much of the debate around 
the nation, is almost solely 
based on decrying and 
discussing evils. We are lead 
to believe that the United 
St.ates is a thorougbly racist 
society. But the fact that 
white privilege exists does 
not mean that we are racist. 
whal is racist or sexist that Ihe arguments have 
lead to the watered-down conclusi n Ihal we 
are all viclims. As one woman writes on the 
WRC board. "IRacbml is everywhere - in 
our govemmenl. our economy, our hools. 
our neighborhoods, our homes. our bedro ms, 
our healls and our sou ls .. . I am a raebt ... 
Everyone is a [,Jcisl." 

While racism is very seriou~. the debale~. 
and the real way to solve these problem~ have 
been buried under tho.: rubble of muddled dis-
course. We are not prepared to a~k substantive 
questions or pursue answers beyond mere 
plaritudes. 

The rhetoric on Ihe WRC's board. which is 
similar to much of Ihe debate around the 
nation. is almost solely b~ed on decrying and 
discussing evils. Weare lead to believe that the 
Unired States is a thoroughly racist society. 

BUlthe fact Ihat white privi legeexbt~does nOI 
mean thai we are I1Icisl. Racism. if one takes 
the word seriously and nO! as ~oJllething found 
under every rock and tree. h'L~ declined since 
Ihe beginning of the civil rights era. Racism is. 
of course. one of those disputed lemlS that 
must be defined. In the slricte~1 fom1 il i the 
belief Ihal race i~ a slrong uetenniner aml thai 
certain races are superior. A weaker version. 
which is c.xploiled mercilessly. appears wilh 
any evidence of inequalily, however il mani-
fests itself. 

Public opinion polls ~how Ihal Americans 
uo not countenance either version. And even if 
one says Ihat mericans are still covert ly 
racist. it is significant Ihat they do not find it 
socially acceptable to espouse raciSI views. 

For in ·tance. one mighl chant "white privi-
lege" like a mantra all day long and ~Iillnol get 
anywhere. Incidentally, I do think that there is 
while privilege. I gather from the bulletin 
board outside Ihe WRC Ihat for some people 
this was a new discovery. And for Ihen,. it 
even appeared they were awokcn from their 
liberal and self-righteou~ dogmatic ~lul1lbers 
rather rudely. 

However. to ~ay Ihat while privilege exists 
i~ nOlIO ui~pcl il. Nor i~ il helpful if everyone 
~trikes the morally ~elf-right.::ou, po,e thai 
they ar.:: again~t such privilege. White privi-
lege. Ih.:: fact th.1! bc!ing "white" ha~ advan-
tages in this ~ociety. i, a uead i~suo.:. II reveal> 
nothing except Ihal the United Stale~ i .. a 
prominentty white country with a European 
pas!. 

The answer to the problems of raci~11l and 
Ihe increasing balkanization of American so· 
ciety i. n t found in group-think, which is a 
kind of covert r.lei ·m. 

Group-think is the nOlion that becau;e ~ 
per~on falls under om: of the ca tegorie~ ac-
cepted ~s differem from socielY he orshe will 
hold particular opinions. But we do not solve 

See WRC, Page 6 

DYNAMICS OF WmTE PRIVILEGE PERVADE GUARDIAN 
Editor: 

A fom1er member of the fomler WRC 
political collective. we are writing to clarify 
several points made in art icles recently printed 
in the Guardian and al 0 to point out dynamics 
of white privilege in the production process of 
the Guardian it self. 

[n Ben Boychuk's Jan. 28 commentary, he 
falsely state not only that the Women's Re-
source Center had experienced "violent inter-
nal divisions," but that it furthermore went up 
in a "puff!" Boychuk's adjective choice re-
veal a di turbing voyeuristic tendency to 
invent eroticized, vio lent television-like im-
ages of struggles within underrepresented 
groups. 

As GayeJohnson reported in her article of 
Feb. I, the dissolution of the women's politi-
cal collective is a proce s of growing away 
from a white-privileged re ource center. We 
fee l the commentator has overstepped the line 
between false reporting and creative license. 
As stated in the posterboards on our window . 
the center is quite open to provide services, i.e. 
no "puff." 

In regard to the Feb. I article taken on by 
GayeJohn on and co-opted by Sheryl Wolcott 
and the other Gllardian staff members. we feel 
it is important to correct Ihe use of Beny Hai's 
perspective a an all-encompassing represen-
tation of the perspectives of women of color. 
Women of color had many reasons for allend-
ingtheretreat, not just educating white women. 

It is also important to clarify the fact that it 
was not women of color who left the retreat, 
but predominantly white women. This was the 
very event which indicated Ihe continuation of 
a white-privilege mentality polluting the WRC 
and the need to di olve. The women of color 

READERS ' 

FORUM 
The Guardlar, welcomes leiters and commenlaries from lIS 
reaaers. AllleltelS must be no IOngcnnan three pages. rypec1. 
rioublfHipaaJ(/ and sfe'led. Lellers shoulC1 also Include a 
phone number. We reserve tile rli/lt to edit (or length and 
clarity. Submissions may be sent bymallordroppec1 off at the 
Guardian office 0tI the second floor of the old Student Center 
Irght above the General Store CO<IP and overlooi<lll(l the 
Hump) Send aU leiters to: 

The Guardian 
0p"'1OfI edItor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jo"a. CA 92093<J316 

who had participated in the retreat did leave, 
but at the meeting the following Thursday and 
as an intelligent political statement about the 
collective. We would like to acknowledge that 
this correction was attempted by Johnson when 
she realized the inaccuracy. However, the 
editor of the Guardia/l had no qualms about 
misrepresenting what Johnson, as a respon-
ible reporter, wanted to write, and mi leading 

the entire campus by knowingly publi hing 
false infonnation. 

This nonchalance simultaneously contra-
dicts the care the editor took in bringing in the 
white reporter, Wolcott. to police John on's 
"objectivity" as a woman of color and high-

lights institutionalized white privilege in the 
Gllardian production process. Wolcott was 

~upposed to beassislant 10Johnson forformat-
ting purpo .. es only. Instead, she steamrollered 
Johnson by attempting to control the inler-
view, a~ well as the writing and editing of 
Johnson's article. Wolcott's behavior evoked 
white privilege and ensured th:ll the ll1i~lakes 
were made which we had IriedlOavo idthrough 
asking Johnson. a woman of color educated on 
sexism, raci,m and white privilege. 10 write 
the article. 

We are now having lots of communi cali 011 
among women of all colors. such as writing 
this collabomtive letter. There will be a meet· 
ing of women addre 'ing raci m and white 
privilege Tuesdays at 6:30 p.m. at the Oasis 
Annex. across from the registnlr"s office. Sis-
terhood Across the Wave. the Asian Ameri-
can women's discussion group. meeb Mon-
days at 5:30 p.m. A new Jewish women's 
discussion group will be meeling Monday at 
7:30 p.m. (call WRC for directions). 

We are speaking wilh advisor, wil hin 
Won,en 's and Ethnic Studies, as well .IS the 
Student Affirmative AClion Comm ittee about 
decemering the planning process off of the 
forme r membc!rs. We have a vbion of alli-
ances between women of all colors and of a 
center available to all women. It is crucial that 
this not be just a reformation of the old WRC 
collective, but that something completely new 
i created by an alliance of all interested women. 

Tram Nguyen 
Seunghee eha 

Deborah James 
uzanne Scarboro 

Heather Martel 
Lisetle Lahana 



601"1 I N 

WRC: When we rely 
on group-think, we 
avoid re pon ibility 
Continued from paCe 5 
~ocial problem~ by finding out what 
Asian-American Ihink of Jewish-
Americans as a group. All such con-

ver!>ation~ say i~ what Asian-Ameri-
can. thinkof1cwi,hAmerican . Ifwe 
want a color-blind ,ociety we must 
tart acting like one. 

The re ponsibility for unde~land­
ing a person's background falls on the 
individual citizen. othing will be 
Ie ~ re 'olvable than inquiries into past 

inju~tice. without tinge and feelings 
of re,cntmen!. The WRC bulletin 
board proves both of Ihese points. 
Only by honestly confronting another 
person and being interested in her as 
she is intereMed in herself does one 
come to avoid racism. 

We are bu.y d;mcing around sub-
jectsofr,lce inMeadofsayingwhat we 
mean. And Ihe uncomfortable aspect;; 
of race only become more choking 
when hidden under Ihe guise of an 
artificially perfecl ,ensilivity. The as-
sumption now;lclay~ - and I gue , 
thi, i, why race is such a hOI topic -
is that everyone i ~ again I it. We are 
so busy e tolling differences Ihal we 
run roughshod over real difference 
among individuals. 

In other words. race should be 
laken as every other characteristic 
,hould be laken when meeting some-
one. 1t is part ofa person. but certainly 
docs not ddine him or her. Group-
Ihinl, rhetoric is just a useless and 
vacillating idea that emphasize~ one 
pall of a per,on' , identity above ev-
erything ebe. 

I find the dishone. t and .elf-righ-
teou~ attempts of pe pic to tall, 
through raci,m very tiresome. Talk 
shows are de,igned to capitalize on 
and foment such difference and then 
ignite debate, where claims of op-
pre,sion tly like Keystone Cop pie 
lighb. And the whole farce is so mOf-

ali~tic. 
Thb faci I find especially ironic. 

For we are told day-in and day-out 
that schools should not morally guide 
~llIdents . parents do not have the right 
to choose their children 's ;chools and 
there is no such thing as right and 

wrong ortruth at the univer ity, e pe-
cially on moral issues. But then we 
engage in moral tirade about ra ism. 

One common thread in the WRC 
bulletin board - and inevitably the 
result of all armchair theorizing on 
race or gender issues - i Ihat re-
sponsibility falls on the individual. 
For instance, one woman on the WRC 
board write , "Alii know is that I am 
going to MOp placing thc blame on 
somebody else, and start looking at 
my own blame. I mean, how can I 
possibly expect to be able to tell ,ome-
one else to stop being a raci" if I 
myself haven 't dealt with the i.sue." 

Thi; is admir.able. But instead of 
talking about inslilling the notion of 
moral virtue, people usually take the 
path to Utopia where they can change 
their neighbor. As a conservative. I 
.ee personal responsibility and char-
acteras the answer. It may eem pain-
fully slow but inv Ive a real change 
of the heart . Although I finllly believe 
Ihat I am re 'ponsiblc for my neigh-
bor. the empha.·,is on group-think i 
just ridiculous. It leilds nowhere. 

Privilege - and if you are at this 
unive~ityyouareprivileged- hould 
be put to good use. But wecannot talk 
about that because it would mean 
forcing one's moral\ on olher people. 
I nevertheles.~ think that racism is 
wrong because Ihere is such a Ihing as 
right and wrong. Whatever society is 
like now will be changed not by a 
system but rather by the for e of per-
sonality of g and bad people. 

Thi~ i~ why the future does not 
appear il b going to work. By Ihink-
ing in group tenns. we take the pr per 
focus off of personal respon ibility 
and character and immediately create 
division, hy dl!finilioll. 

Inevitably a\l this r.ace talk b go-
ing t becomc tiresome and meaning-
Ie,s. becau~e if everyone is a raei.t 
then the real mcim are 10 t in the 
murky social debate. Besides. this 
artifi ial fragmentation reaches. al 
times. absurd proportions. One WRC 
letter read;, "I guess the best way to 
fight _all these intersecting oppres-
sions !s to focus on the is~ues or 
people where the most 
intersectionality i~ fou nd. such as the 
i sues of poor lesbian of color." A 
debate doe~n'l come any finer than 
that. 

The Guardian 

W; ' r not ju t monk ying 
around ... 

. ,. So make your opinion known. Submit a 
commentary to the Guardian Opinion 
Section. Call 534-6580 and ask for Philip or 
Damen 

The C 0 Guardian 

MARLEY: 
Emancipate yourself 
from mental lavery 
Continued from pace 4 
had a pecial responsibility: "What 
we black people ... cannot deal with i 
olor prejudi e. You mu tn 't bow to 

the white man. You mu t be superior 
to him. That means you cannot be 
prejudice, because if you are supe-
rior. how can YOll be prejudice?" 
Marley asked. 

After Bob was gone and hb fol-
lowers were trying to deify him, some 

UNITY: We need 
to recognize our own 
col1ective strength 
Continued from page 5 
wil l get us what we want. And as 
omeorganiZJtions have realized th is, 

they have begun to implement this 
collect i ve ideology. 

This 'orl)' administration has no 
commitment to is ues of diversity. 
TIle "task forces" set up by member 
of the chancellor's taffto investigate 
minority enrollment figures and dis-
criminatory policies are embarr.lSS-
ingly transparent. They lack creativ-
ity. But then again, so do we in our 
respon e to the insidious con e-
quences of fee increases. 

The adminbtration has old us 
OUI. Adminislrators have no interest 
in giving any of us anything. TIley 
don't want to. and they have made 
that quite clear. thank you very much. 
I cannot and do not rely on my repre-

tried to get his mOlher. Cedella. to 
badmouth his white father, orval 
Marley. Cedello would have none of 
it. remembering orval as a loving 
man who was broken by hi~ attempt 
to cross the color line. "He told me he: 
was the black sheep of his family, 
becau e the Marleys did not like black 
people, but Norval liked them very 
much," Cedella recalled. 

So yes, Marley was a great black 
man, but he was a white man, too -
a great humall. He was a prophet bUI 
he was I 0 ju t a fanner from St. 

nne who said thaI he could always 
go back to the land and survive. He 

sentatives on the chancellor's staff-
even if they should be pushing for 
i ues most pecific to my ethnicity 
and gender-and I ay it isa sad state 
of affairs when we keep appealing 10 
the man who threw us into the pit to 
please get us OUL 

I have been bolh completely dis-
heartened and then completely up-
lifted all in one week. I saw the dis 0-
lution of the WRC political collec-
tive, then awa multicultural group of 
women working togetherro fi nd ways 
of empowerment to build a collective 
which gives voice to all. 

I ~w valuable members ofSAAC 
re ign due to internal connicts and 
then a younger group eagerly pick up 
the torch. I heard that on ly a handful 
of people were going to be present at 
a meeting concerning fee increa es. 
and saw thal handful make powerful 
and po itive deci 'ions about the fu -
ture of their progress. 

Alii can say at this point is that we 
need to keep building in this vein. We 

Thursduy, F"hnlu,'Y 4, 1993 

speaks for people who speak fonhelll -
selves. 

"What we know is not what they 
tell us/We're not ignor.lnt.1 mean it, 
and they cannot judge u ," Marley 
sang in "SurvivaL" "The stone that 
the: builder released/shall be the head 
comer tone." he predicted. putting a 
new ~pin on an old line from the 
Bible. 

So "emancipate yourself from 
mental lavery" and "help to ing 
these songs of freedom ." Because as 
Bob', ~on Ziggy now .ing , "When 
the lights gone out/and the food run 
out/all we have is mu ic." 

need to recognize the imponance of 
our col/l!cliI'(' trength. If the coops 
want a multicultural base to operate 
from, they need to include a diverse 
ideology which encompasses a 1/11-
mall liberalism to which everyone 
can relate. 

If the WRC wants to create an 
empowering environment, it needs to 
keep on doing what they're doing_ If 
SAAC wants to gain strength. it needs 
to move away from individual inter-
ests. 

Look around, everyone. We all 
have acommonenemy, and ildoe 'n't 
hurt to learn from other people's mod-
els of resi . tance, to build coalition 
with mindfulnes of diver e agendas. 
We really can work together, and we 
really must. 

It is only when we have an effec-
tive and safe foundation which gives 
voice to diverse agendas. one which 
emphasizescollectiveempowt:rmen t, 
that we can tell the admini tration to 
kbs our a s. And it wi ll. 

, . 

DISCOVER 
AMGEN 
In 1980. a group of leading biologists and biochemists joined forces with 
several venture capitalists to create a dynamiC. innovative organization dedi-
cated to assuming a leadershIp role in the emerging field of biotechnology. In 
1989, Ihls vision became a reality when Amgen received FDA approval for its 
first product. EPOGEN ' (Epoetin alia). Today, Amgen has become a leading 
force in the devetopment of recombinant DNA-based therapeutics. 

At Amgen. you'lI find a balance of busilless and science. people and ideas. 
organizalion and community. products and development. Here . you 'll find 

an environment which values the individual, where people are deeply 
commit1ed to what they're do ing and strive toward a common goal of 

improving the quality of life for patients worldwide . 

Amgen's Summer 
Interns hip Program 

Our program is designed to Introduce you to Amgen's 
unique culture and the challenges faced by a growing 
company in the biopharmaceutical industry. We have oppor-

tullilies for undergraduate and graduate students in areas including 
Ltfe Sc iences , Chemical Engineering. Marketing and Law. Our goal is to 

prOVide you with a complete learning experience by defining a focused project 
which can be completed 10 a 10-12 week period . Allow us to tap into your skills 
and energy while we help you maXimize the potential for your success. 

Amoen IS an eQual opportunily employer 

For more information ... 
about this Important opportunity. please contact your Career 

Placement Office . 

Thursday, February 4, 1993 The C 0 C llm-dian 7 

MARsHALL COlLEGE -AN IDEA WHOSE TIME HAs COME 
COMMENTARY: TIle recently deceased civil rights champion emlxxtied the goal of Third College - diversity, justice and imagination 
By Peter Irons 
Contflbuting Opinion Writer 

On Jan. 28, I watched on televi-
sion the funeral of Justi e Thurgood 
Marshall. In this moving ceremony, 
both sorrowful and joyful, friends and 
colleagues paid tribute to an authentic 
American hero. a man who probably 
accomplished more in his lifetime for 
the cause ofliberty and equality in the 
United States than any other of this 
century. 

Thurgood Marshall was the voice. 
for 60 years, for African-Americans 
who slill mu t endure the legacy of 
slavery and segregation. But he spoke 
for all Americans, for the rights of 
women. poor people, children, alien~, 
gays and lesbians and even the most 
despised among u - accused crimi-
nal . 

Lasl week, I played for the stu-
dents in my Law and Society das a 
tape recording of the oral argument 
Thurgood Mar 'hallmade before the 
Supreme Court in 1958 on behalf of 
the black tudent' of LiNle Rock. 
Arkansa' , who e school had been 

clo ed by [".Icist mob . My cla s was 
the fir ·t group to hear this hi toric 
tape. which I obtained from the 3-
tional rchiv . 

Many of me students were moved 
to tears by thi eloquent, pa ionate 
voice; I was overcome with emotion 
myself. "Education is not the teach-
ing of the three R' ," Marshall said. 
"Education i the teaching of the over-
all citizen. hip, to learn to live together 
with fellow citizen, and above all, to 
learn to obey the law." 

Theobituaries of Ju 'tice Thurgood 
Mar hall have pointed out his great 
achievement : as counsel for 20 years 
to the AACP. he directed the legal 
campaign against egregation in 
school ,housing, oting and public 
facilitie . Thi ~truggle culminated in 
Ihe great victory of Brown ,'. Board of 
Edllcalioll in 195-t, which Marshall 
argued for the black children of 
America. 

He went on to ~erve a Solicitor 
General of the United States and, from 
1967 to 1990, as Associate Ju tice of 
the Supreme Court. In all these role '. 

Thurgood M ..... II was 
the voice, for 60 years, 
for African-Arnertc3Is 
who still must endure 
the legacy of slavery 
and segregation. But 
he spoke for all 
Americans, for the 
rights of women, poor 
people, children, aliens, 
gayS'" lesbians ... 
even the most 
despised among us -
accused criminals. 

You're about to graduate. 
Are you ready to lead an 
entire industry? 

Get out in fro~t fast at Adaptec. Since we started the SCSI revolution 
back in 1981. we've enjoyed consistent profitability and growth. W e are 
an acknowledged leader in 110 solutions, providing both hardware and 
software technology to manage the data flow between personal comput-
ers and peripherals. It's the perfect environment in which to pull ahead 
of the pack. 
W e're looking for Comp Sci/Comp Eng, Elec Eng graduates for 
Hardware and Software Engineering opportunities. 

COME TO OUR INFORMATION SESSION 
Thursday, February I I , S:00-7:00pm 
Price Center, Room SanFr/Santa Crz SAB 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Thursday, March 4 
Caree r Services Center 
In return, Adaptec provides an environment where high achievers are 
rewarded with an excellent salary and benefits package. If unable to see 
us while on campus, we encourage you to send your resume to: 
Adaptec, College Recruiting, 691 South Milpitas Blvd., Milpitas, CA 
95035, FAX: (408) 945·7852. Adaptec is an equal oppor· 
tunlty employer. @ adaptec 

he probably changed the lives of all 
merican more profoundly than any 

single person. And he did this with 
immen e integrity, passion, humor 
and a deep concern for the rights of 
his fellows. 

I havea vivid memory of standing 
in a huge, hopeful throng before the 
Lincoln Memorial in Augu t 1963. 
transfixed by the words of another 
great and inspiring American. Rev. 
Martin Luther King, who told the 
nation of his "dream" for an Al11erica 
free of raci sm. In many ways, 
Thurgood Marshall accomplished 
more than Dr. King to mak.: that 
dream a reality, however partial and 
limited. 

Marshall was not an eloquent 
~pe"ker. he did nOlle;ad marche~ or g 
to jail. lie worked in courtrooms. 
helping 10 gel people out of jail, to 
secure lhei r rights 10 own a home, gel 
a job_ go to school and to vote without 
regard to race_ color. religion or sex. 
It was quiet work. but immen~ely 
effective. 

The point of thi, commenlJry i, to 

propose Ihat UCSD e~tablbh a living 
mcmorial to 11111rgoOO Marshall by 
renaming Third College for him. I 
know that effOJ1~ to name the college 
for Dr. King did not succeed because 
of Ihe fee ling of his family tlKII tht:y 
l11ight found a college wi th hb name. 
I can Ihink of no other per~on more 
fitting to embody the goals of l11ird 
College - the goal. of diversi ly, jll~­
ticeand imagination- than Thurgood 
Marshall. 

Even before Justice Maf~hall\ 
death, ~evcral people had proposed 
Ih i!> idea 10 Third College Provo~t 
Cecil Lytic. I think it is even more 
appropriate now. at a time when all of 
liS have become aware of Marshall's 
great accomplishment,. to take this 
opportunity to honor hi\ life and hi~ 
enduring legacy. 

I hope that members of Ihe Third 
College community, students and fac -
ully. will let Provost Lytle I,now how 
Ihey feel about this proposal. 
- Peter Irons is a professor in 

the Political Science Depart· 
ment at UCSD. 

----rr:~n. UCSD ------:: 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F!!~~"p~~~~Y* 
""W. cI.liv.,. 
world wiJe" 

hl' 1I1M,M 1 
NUl .... lh.J "',1th 
any olherofTt.' r 

20 mlllllllum pu rcha~ · ~ lt hll15 "llie radlu!» ortarnpUb 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your U SO lD 

455 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. lllllhe Halph \ Cl'l1tl'r . 
• Plumpt dl· li l'eIY. 7 dollS.l IIcl·k 0Pl'" u,II I.1 Ii 01 111 II pill 

ANXIOUS? 
- Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 

- Fear of Being Judged? - Avoid Socializing? 
- Sweating? - Persistent Worries? 

FREE CLINICAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAILABLE 

CALL 534·0776 

TAKE YOUR 
1MALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! 

between 
Blockbuster 

and 
Anthony's 

4130 La Jolla Village Drive-formerly Penguill 's 
r-----T-----'---~-, 
• Koala's I Butterfinger I FREE I 
I. G lace I FI urry I Topping I I or any other flavor I . • 
I 49'" • you choose I wltl, purc1lase I 
I ... I $1 25 I of any small I I ll/st 10 calories I . I medium, or I 
I per oil/ICe! RIg . .. "" large I Only WI'" "', coupon. I I 
I Not uhd With any other I Not, v.lld With .ny othl"r • Not v.hd With any other I offer One per pel'5Of\. oflcr. One per p"non. oU(lr. One per p4'non. 

E,p"" 211JJ /~3 .1 bpI"" 2 / 28/ 93. .J E' p ..... 2128/~3 
----- ----- -----



a E\\~ Th., ( r • 0 Gliurdiun Thlll·sduy. Fdll'lI11r~ 1. l~ ;\ 
------------~----------------~----~-----

Author Discusses Jewish, 
Lesbian Issues in Lecture 

THEFfS: Police 
counter ri e in crime 
with day patrol 
ContInued from paCe 1 

By Karen Spiegel 
Staff Writer 

A rowd of 60 gathered in the 
Price Center Theater on Monday 
to hear author and perfonnance 
nrtist Jyl Lynn Felman read selec-
tions from her new book. H OI 
Clrickl'lI Wings, and discuss her 
lesbian, Judaic and vegetarian be-
liefs. 

A fonner attorney, Felman has 
lec tured across the country nnu 
abroad on topics such a. .. h mo-
phobia, Judaism and rJcism. In 
herrecent work. Felman integrJted 
these three is~ue~ into comi fi -
tion . "I write about being i.I Jew 
and I write nbout being n lesbinn 
and ... [I write about them] to-
gether when it works," she said . 

Felman started writing in her 
early t went i e~ and discovered af-
ter some time that " the only way I 
could contll1ue writing w"., to t:11" 
about identity." Temporarily put -
ting writing on hold to uttend law 
sch I, Felman noted that the ~!-i l b 
.,he aC4ulfI:d as an uttome) helped 
In her dl,>cu'Mon" of the con,tltu-
t lonal ity oft he topics ,he addrcsse,. 
But writing remain'> Fclm:m's pref-
erence. 

" I'm n t a lawyer in spiri t: I'm 
a writer." she said. 

The title story of her latest 
bool-.. lim Chicken Wingl·. re-
volves around a Jewish lesbian 
girl named Ster struggling with 
her feelings of detachmem from 
her parents while vacationing in 

!eMlfer VaM/Guan1JiJIJ 
Author Jyl Lynn Felman 

Jamaica. Ut me chara ·ters in her 
book, Felman ~aid, "1 !-eep chal-
lenging the identities." 

Felman commented that in her 
latest worl-.. a compilation. "each 
story gets you to the nex t place." 
While Felman classifies the col-
lection as fi ction. she conceded 
that each story "has an autobio-
graphical kernel." 

She is currentl wor!-ing on a 
collect ion of e~<;ay~ and a novel. 
M ,t of Felman . ~ writing~ di c us, 
ra c. class. re li gion and sexuality 
a." identitie, that both coincide and 
c.:onnicl. Askcd about her reaction 
to publiccriticbrn. Fclman replied 
that she can handle hom ph bia 
better than anti-Scmitism. 

"It is difficult whcn you are 
rahed In. 31 minority to di scover 
your real identity. Heterosex uals 
takc their identity for granted and 
never confront it. . . land thi s is] 
the same with white privilege." 

~he said. 

CSO Coordinator Greg Koran 
said thai the number of eso has 
been df'dSticaily reduced from 52 in 
1990 to 22 as of this quaner. How-
ever, there are plans to increase C 0 
patrols and institute a day patrol in 
high-theft areas in early March. 

O'Dell explained that ince the 
eso program was originally de-
signed as an escort service. the day-
time patrol service are an added 
benefit to the UCSD population. 
"Daytime patrol is like icing on the 
cake," he said . 

Jenkins says that the prevention 
of auto theft ultimately rests with 
the car owner.,. While particularly 
susceptible lOIS are targeted for su r-
veillance by the police depanment, 
patrolling officers can only do . 0 
much to prevent theft. 

·'lttook 30miln-h ursofsurveil-
lance to catch one burglar." aid 
O'Dell. He explained that ome-
times there are five to six arrc. t in 
a week while at other times. police 
w ill go twO to three month wi thout 
atching a s ingle auto-theft su peCl. 

"Obviou!.ly, weall ~triveto !-eep 
c rime ~ I was po s ible. but there 
are lilemlly thousands [of automo-
biles Ion campusat any given time, " 
Jenkin said. "We can always u e 
more officer.,." 

Ac ordingtoJenkin .if tudent 
own a car. then they should invest in 
ome kind of security. He suggest 
ecurity meas ure, such as steering-

wheel clubs, brake lock andalarms, 
but advocates the u e of ignition or 

Our Actuarial 
Interns Don't Just 
Crunch Numbers. 
:\1 TrJn~,tflll'nct We C(lmpanic~ our fUlure is in 
the h,mus and tl1il1u~ (l ollr :lL111arie~ . 

~'.t l . we nfferal1 il1tensll"l'~ummer II1I('n1. hip 
Program thallrain~ you III Lle\'e1op. price and 
markel flnal1cial ~e(ufl~' product" :lnLl to ,mal)"/r 
Ihe financial re~ull~ . Our progr::ml includes: 

• Iia nLls Iln work l 'xpt'rit'llce 
• :t,tA' led ~elllin,lr, 
• Study lime fDr ,l(warial exams 
.. [,\am rt.'imbursemcms 
.. Recognilion reception 

If you 're a 'elf tllOli\'ated a ·hie\·er. Il1spired b\' 
innO\":ltion and excdll'l1n.', you 'l! find the 
challenges rc" 'arding 31 Transamerica life 
Companies. 

Actuarial 'ummer Intern hip Program 
' ign up loday at 

areer Scnice 
for 

On-Campus Interviews 
Friday, February 19, 1993 

* l1t-\;>;\.\"tFRIl ,\ I 111-1 (O"IP,\:-':II \ 
" orkin)! tOj!\'lltt'r i thl' lll':i\ (Xlliry: 
~ l J~'f\"'I\,:h .......... 1(\ ""\lll.ll !~l' ,"tlnl(\ •. IIlJ Jth mlJll\f,' Jl. 1~ .1 
\\ 'lflk'r JO\I mll)l;(tIk. ... Jh,· " rt'lll~" "'\'\lr4-~'l1 hl Ji""" 

Number of Cars Stolen per Year at UCSD 
"The figure for 1993 is projected 
according the current rate of 18 cars per 
month. 

218 

1989 1990 1991 1992 1993* 
Source: UCSD Police Department 

fuel-pump kill switches as the most 
effective form of protection again t 
theft. 

"Forty dollars for a steering-
wheel club is money well-spent." 
Jenkins said. He added that the igni-
tion bypass sy tern is al 0 an excel-
lent prevention device forthe money. 

"The vast majority of stolen ve-
hicle have no alarm system at all," 
said Jenkin . "In 14 years. r have 
seen alanns and club [being u ed], 
and cars still get tolen. If a thief 
wants something bad enough, he'lI 
get it ," he added. 

However, both Jenkins and 
O'Dell conte ted the growing senti-
mentth31 securitymea ure areused 
in vain, ~aying that the ight of a 
club or the blink of an alaml wam-
ing light acts as a p ychological 
deterrent to thieve . 

According to stat istics collected 
by the police department, stolen cars 
are either taken for personal use, 
stripped of parts ortaken to Mexico. 

In 1992, there were 123 auto 
theft on campus, an increase of26 
over the previous year. With 18 
thefts already in the first month of 

Roger Kuo/ GuW8r1 

1993, another incre:c e seems im-
minent. 

"Budget cuts have hurt the po-
licedepanment's ability to [survey] 
lots." said Jenkins. ' 'There's just not 
enough taff to protect the lots." 

O'Dell places pan of the blame 
for the car theft problem on the 
nation 's sagging economy saying, 
" When things are bad, people turn 
to alternative methods to make a 
living." 

O'Dell al 0 said that part of the 
the problem is that the criminaljus-
tice system is in shambles. Con-
victed thieves characteristically get 
out of jail early due to overcroWd-
ing. Then the car-theft cycle starts 
over. he said. 

"Car theft is probably the clo est 
thing that UCSD has fto] a constant 
[criminal] problem year to year," 
noted Jenkins. 

Officer O'Dell maintains that 
auto theft remains a high priority at 
the police station. He added that the 
CSOs are on duty from 6 p.m. to I 
am., patrolling the parking lot when 
not escorting students around cam-
pus. 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's 
II. C. 1'CMI5 Master Mechanics ~ .. 

==== exclu$ively vw and AUDI lIjjf. 
9870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 

Air & Water Cooled· Mainlenance Services. Air Conditioning. Tu ... Ups 
Rebuilt Engines· Gas '& Diesel· Electrical· Clutches· Brakes· Valves 

Locaed In the Au/aport Malt. Miramar 
Next Door to Discount rra 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

WHAT DO 
SAN FRANCISCO, BERKELEY, 

PHOEN IX AND TUCSON 
HAVE IN COMMON? 

BUFFALO EXCHANGE! 
NOW IN 

P. B. SAN DIEGO 
CASH FOR CLOTHES 
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY 
MEN'S & WOMEN'S 
CONTEMPORARY 

ONE OF A KIND 
LEATHER 
VtNTAGE 
JEANS 

~~ 
', .. , .. ,., 

BAYGUMIlWI.S F. NEW 11IIB.!'HOEII1X 
DPRfSS.1OIIIIUI' TUCSaI WHICl Y 

• mil 

CO-OPS: 
Negotiations still 
not completed 
ContInued from pale 1 
were held in good faith, accord-
ing to panie involved. 

"All panies came to negoti-
ate. 1t was really appreciated that 
no one ame in with a mind- et 
to be ho tile," Corpuz said. 

According to Corpuz, major 
i sues resolved during last 
weekend's meeting included the 
tax-exempt status of the co-ops 
and the lease renewal process, 
both of which were resolved to 
the satisfaction of co-op repre-
entative . 

Co-op will have to file with 
the Internal Revenue Service for 
tax-exempt tatu ,without which 
they will be unable to continue 
operating except a outside ven-
dors. However. the admini tra-
tion has tentatively agreed to 
vouch for the co-ops on that i -
sue. 

Dubb said he felt the admin-
i tration was acting in good faith 
for the first time since negoria-
tions began over a year ago. " It 
was really all dependent on the 
willingness of the UCSD admin-
i tration to bargain in good faith . 
They finally did that for the first 
time last week," he said. 

Dubbadded that a majorstum-
bling block to earlier agreements 
was the administrative condition 
that the co-ops be categorized 
either as s tudent organizations 
or as independent vendors. 

Once co-ops were allowed to 
maintain a middle status, nego-
tiations could proceed, Dubb 
said. 

He credited students and fac-
ulty for prompting the adminis-
trative concession. 

"Ultimately, assuming the co-
ops do come out with an agree-
menr, what saved them was the 
support of the students and fac-
ulty on this campus. I don't think 
there's any doubt about that," 
Dubbsaid. 

DircctorofStudentPrognuns 
Lynne Peterson, who partici-
patied in negotiations on behalf 
of the administration, said she 
was happy with the way pro-
ceedings went over the week-
end. 

"r hope [negotiations are] 
close to being over. A lot of 
people put a lot of quality time 
into this, so [ hope it all wotts 
out," she said. 

Corpuz said he expects an 
agreement to be reached, possi-
bly within the next two weeks. 
"The university has to approve it 
also, but I don't foresee them 
voti ng it down," he said. 

According to the new Memo-
randum of Understanding, the 
co-ops will be considered unin-
corporated associations underthe 
oversight of the A.S. and GSA. 
An oversight comminee of eight 
members will be fonned by the 
bodies. 

The memorandum gives the 
UCB thepowerto negotiate five-
year space agreements with the 
A.S. and GSA. The student gov-
ernments will then sublet the 
space to the co-ops. 

Dubbsaidhe feltreservations 
about the idea ofUCB control of 
space agreements. 

As it stands now, the univer-
sity considers the UCB part of 
the administration. However, 
the UCB has filed uitto becon-
sidered a student body. 

PAL: Student 
mentors dine with 
grade schoolers 
Continued from page 3 
the children' perfornlance and a 
change in atti tude . 

"[In the children] I see im-
proved behavior and a de ire to go 
to a univers ity that they didn't 
have before. They also have a re-
newed interest in school and par-
ticipate more in class," she said. 

• Though the program i' open to 
all children, Hernandez said it is 
geared more toward underrepre-
sented tudents in order to provide 
them with a direct link to higher 
education possibilities. 

"We not only want to provide 
the children with role models and 
academic guidance, but wealso want 
to motivate them to develop skill~ 
needed to succeed and challenge 
them to pursue higher edu ation. 
We want to hel p them see college as 
a real po sibility," he said. 

Muir mentor and senior Gal)' 
Geiler, said that the personal in-
volvement of university tudents 

" Being in an 
elementary school 
has opened my 
eyes to the 
educational 
process ••• We as 
university students 
have this great 
opportunity to help 
these children 
reach their goals." 

- Scott Hunt, 
PAL Mentor 

with their me ntees encourages 
them to look past the challenges 
po cd by thier upbringing. 

"By working with [the student] 
and his family, I've become pan 
of their lives. More personal con-
tact is needed because what is lost 
in financial resources I in public 
school 1 should be made up for in 
human resources. I believe that 
bringing Ihem on call1pu~ con-
vi nces t hem to want to come here," 
he said. 

SUIT: veB 
amend legal action 
to free funds 
Continued from page 1 
whole [in order] to vote on [il] in 
public. so that nothing secretive is 
done about these things." ViceChair 
Aaron Goodman said. 

The lawsuit centers on the 
board' ability to control the Uni-
versity Center fees fund and to re-
tain independent legal counsel. 

TI!e legal document says that 
"the regents have no right to inter-
fere with student govemment' s law-
ful uses of student union facili ties, 
regard less of the regents' policies to 
the contr.try. " 

With Bumett and the UCB as the 
plaintiffs in the motion, the defen-
dants named include UCSD Chan-
cellor Richard Atkinson, ViceChan-
cellor of Student Affairs Joseph 
Watson, Assi tant ice Chancellor 
Tom Tucker and University Ccnter 
Director Jim C UTUther, and the UC 
Regents. 

The defendants maintain that the 
UCB remains an advi sory body 

,JUT 

I " • !J 

without unil:nera]comrol ofit. fund, 
and that legal counsel ~hould be 
provided through the univer.,i ty. 

"[ don't think [the UCB] needs 
to file the suit to get the questions 
an wered," aid Carruthers ... It ' . an 
advisory board. It always has been 
and it 's gotten a great deal done in 
that capacity. It 's not about pol i-

tic ~." 
The U CB borrowed $S.OOO from 

the co-ops to pay initial legal fee,. 
The controversy also compli-

cated the approval of a posi tion ~tate ­
ment by the board. a document rep-
re e nting the board 's public opin-
ion on the lawsuit. After wee'" of 
debate and a number of revisiol1~ . 
the statement wa~ approved by a 
narrow 5-4 margin. 

FifthCollege representative An-
drew Clark voted against the ~tate­
ment de~pite approving ofthedocu-
ment in geneml. 

"Myonlyqucstion with Ithe~tate­
ml!m] wa!. the timing," CIar!- ~aid . 
" I wanted to nail down the concem 
over the lawsuit before [L~~uming 
the posi tion." 

The Board will resume discu,-
sion, on Monday night. 

st.i 1.1 1: . · -t.n . bed . Llt YOU:t· pr ir¢. er is . 

-

WIth V1d you'll be accepted at more than 
10 million places, nearly three times more than American Express. 

And that's not a misprint. 

Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

1Il.-----------------------_______________ CIVIee U,SA InC 1993_---' 



• 

Tlw DGuardian Tl1l1r~(la y. F'f'h l'lI ury 4, 11)l)3 

This weeks GREEK COLUMNS is being brought 
to you by Moondoggies and Subway Sandwiches. 
Next edition will appear on February 18. 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

lawn R,tc.h'~JGtJ.lj·d'dI' 
Mitchell Yap, in action earlier this year, led UCSD with eight kills and three digs yesterday. 

VOlLEYBAIL: 
L e to U SB 
Continued from page 16 
.I '>I!r.'iee ~ec. 

1l1l!Triton~t:Ontll1utXltol I..~trong. 
but wen: unable to capllahzc ( n their 
-..:rve. Down 12·5 in the ~ccond game. 
LJCSO Head o.leh Rod Wilde (k.'Cided 
to bring Mitchell Yap ba I.. Into the 
g;une. 

Y,lp rc:'pondcd II ith a LU1t'l\tic dig 
11llIdl kd 10 a Blacl- kill. CUtll11g the 

aucho kJdto I ::>' ·h. 
At that POIl1t. L ('SD', worrie~ re 

IIlmL't1. .L\ they could not pr\ luel: poinL, 
on th 'ir \er.ice. 111e .lIlcho\ u'oCdthi, 
to \\ 111 the game. 15·h. 

fiN. with a Krem~r I..ill which gave 
UC 0 a I'() lead. Krcm\t!r fini,hed 
\\ ith \e\en 1..111 .. on the evemng. 

The Tnton, could n t \:OI1\~rt on 
their '>I! rve and watched a J.~ lC..ld tum 
into a I ~-~ defiCIt. 

Once ;Igain. · D .. howed ~ign, of 
:1 come~ac"- ;lo, they \Cored t\\ 0 !>LrJighl 
painh ( n a Kerr and Matt Brega bl 'k 
~uld a I..ill by KelT. 

KC::IT endtXlthc 11Igilt \~ith four I.. i II ... 
t\\ ) block ... :U1d four dig,. 

TIle t\!am taught oft tide.lt b) re-
pc:uedl) \\ II1ntllg ,ide-\lUh. but .. till 
could not tllm Ihe111 into p(lim ... 

UCSO wa:, led by Yap. who had 
eight kills ,Uld three dig,. Black added 
eight I..ill~. two \Crvke a e..,. lUld fivl! 
dig". 

1lle young Triton '>quad. which con-
tall1~ no starting seni rs. i leaming 
from its mbtake::. and gaining valuable 
experience every gamc ,gainst high· 
caliber com pet II ion. 

Wilde,aid ofhi~te<Ull, "We' re inthe 
pr e:::. of leaming how not to make 
mental errof\:' 

"1ll<! gu>~ .in! re:llI> trying hard. 
1l1ey jU\t don't have the e;>.perience 
) et." he addeo. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I VALID O NLY AT 

COSTA VEROE!Ie 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
• 

M 'RAMAR 
LOCATIONS . 
PLEASE PRESENT 
UCSDID 
EXP 2118193 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR . 
8750 GEN ESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• TIle third gam\! \t,u1cd much lil..c the 

Jim PrJhbu cl1d~d the l11atch for 
llCSB \\ ith .1 roc".:1 Jump \Cr.e tilJt 
I:mued ulltou.:ilcd 111 the h.lcl.. · lcti cor-
ner of L' SO\ ,ide. 

:--:e~t on the !>C hcdule for the Tritons 
I" the A I S Toumal11ent which ta"e, 
place thi~ llcekend acro,~ town at San 
Diego tate. •••••••••••••••••••••• 

The future ·of 
sc'ientific 

calculators. 
The Power Graphic em-
ploys a user-friendly, 
menu-driven approach, 
similar to personal com-
puters. The fx-7700G 
features a large 4KB 
memory, 315 functions, 
4-way scrolling, 5 zoom 
modes, multi-trace and 
shading, 
The Power Graphic is 
the future of scientific 
calculators. 

available at: 
UCSD Bookstore 

Electronics department 
5344320 

(OllEGE NIGHT! 
$1.00 
$1.50 

Domestic Pints 
Coors Light , Bud, &Bud Light 

Premium Pints 
Samuel Adams, Guiness, Black & Tans , 
Pete's Wicked Ale, & Bass 

$1.50 U Name It Shots! , .. _---.. __ ._ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. 
SOUTH OF 

THE BORDER· 
$1.00 Fish Tacos 
$1.00 Rolled Tacos 
,$1.50 Tequila Shots 

$1.00 
Corona & 
Margaritas 

i ~~5.00 I LYT Pitchers $3.00 Refills 
.. - .. - .. - .. - .. ----.. - .. - .. - •• - .. --._. __ •• __ • ...J 

Sigl/ up to Will a FREE HAPPY HOUR 
I We NOW Book Exchanges I 

909 Prospect St. La Jolla (619) 454·9722 

Thllr~d IlY. I,\· j,nlury , 199:1 TIl(' CSI) Gllardian II 

K' :~) 1\' . ~ ":y' . MI""">' '·N·· ... " .. , .. .. ~ . . ". ~ tI, . .. .. ' . '. ': ' , : . .:-. ' " :. '. ~ . ~. .., . .... 
Order of Om ega will be 

conducting its annual rush process 
throughout thi s coming February. 
They encourage members of all 
chapters to eek membership in the 
organization. 

Order of Omega is a National 
Honor Society recognizi ng 
leadership in the Greek community 
a well as academic achievement. 
Founded at the Univers ity of Miami. 
the group has since ex panded to 
over 130 chapter. including the 
Iota Epsilon chapter of UCSD 
established in 1988 . The 
organization 's purpose is to foster 
unity among the Greek leaders on 
campus. and provide them with an 
opportunity to shareconcems about 
issues facing the Greek community. 
The time commitment is minimal 
cenleringon barbecues and monthly 
meetings each quarter. 

To qualify for membership, a 
person must I) be of at least Junior 
class standing, 2) have a cumulative 
GPA of approximately a 3.00. and 
3) have held position of leadership 
in their chapter or lFC/panhellenic 
Councils. Applications will be 
distributed to each chapter as rush 
approaches. -Dom Gallo. Editor 

~ /:"'-.. " . 

Greek Card Merchants 
Little Caesar's Regents & Governor 546·8886 

Free targe drink with any pizza/pizza order. 

Greek 
Awards 

North Coast Cleaners N · h t 
Behmd UTC. near Rublo's I 9 

$1 .00 off each dry cleaning item (no limit) or $ .9~ 
hand finished , laundered ~en's dress shi rt (on The I nte rfratern i t 
hanger) With any dry cleaning order. (Irmll 5) y 

S b Council and Panhellenic u way Costa Verde & Mtramar Road West SlDreS A .. '1 1 
soclatlon \ I o nce Free large drink and chip with any foollong sub 

purchase. again co-s ponsor the 
Salmon House in Marma VilJage annual UCSD Greek 

2 lor 1 dinner (up to $16 value) 7-days a week. Awards Night. It will be 
Stanley H. Kaplan I(800)KAP·TEST held on Tuesday. March9. 

t5%offtu ition . at 7 pm. in the Price 
Moondoggies nearHardrocJ< ICenter Ballrooms. 

2 for 1 entrees 7 days a week. Watch ads tor The event gives both 
additionat speciats. groups the opportunity to 

The Comedy Store in La Jolfa 454·9176 publicly recog nize 
2 lor 1 admission Wed .. Thurs .. and Sun. with excellence and dedication 
reservation. 

Bookstar Costa Verde 
Additional 10% off with Greek Card (not good 
with Reader's Choice card). 

Collegiate Clothing 
near SDSU. Gazebo in Rubio's parking lot. 265· ' '24 

Heavyweight sweatshirt with two·tone stitched 
letters. $16.95 with Greek Card. Call for 
additional specials and group orders. 

Grand Slam Pizza 

in the Greek Community 
here al SO. Selected 
chapters will be honored 
for o ut s tanding 
scholarship. remarkable 
performance and general 
excellence. Simi larly, a 
few individual members 

Renaissance Plaza 453·0286 will be commended for 
2 lor 1 pizzas with Greek Card. Not good w~h 
any other offer. theiraccomplishments as 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~---distinguished scholars, 

emerging leaders and dedicated 
members. Award. in each category 
will be presented ,epararely to a 
fraternity and sorority chapter and 
individual Greeks. 

Be sure to take advantage of 
your Greek Card. IFC/ 
Panhellenic representatives will 
visit your chapter metting soon 
to issue Greek Cards for those 
of you who haven't received it. 

-

Awards include : Greek Man/ 

showed that win to be no nuke and 

Wom en of the Y.:ar. 
Outstanding cnior of the 
Year. Emerging L~ader. 

hapter of th e Year. 
Scholarship Achievement. and 
others. Re ogni tion will also be 
given to selected individ uab for 
their ac ti ve involvement and 
commitment with Order of Omega, 
IFC/PH Executive Boards, IFC/pH 
BoardofDirectof!. . Angle Network. 
and the Doyle program. 

The awards ceremony will be a 

--'ij""j",,-
semi -fonnal event. with coffee and 
dessen served. Tho. e planning 10 
attend should arrive by 6:30 pm to 
have an opportuni ty to mingle. Each 
chaptershall be as~csscd a fee which 
covers the cOSt of attendance for 

\ () 

five members, addi tional members U 
may attend at a cost of $6. 

.. , 

\ f 

-Rob Brallllell. 
Sports Editor ~.~ Sports Corner 

I' -, 

Sigma Chi proved 10 be just as 
trong by defeating previou~ 

opponents by an average of 13 
points. This exci ting game ended 
up being decided in the second half 
with Delta Tau Delta winning by a 
score of 8-3. 

Sigma Phi Epsilon_ ( a 
The fina l game marched Sigma ~~~~~ 

Phi -psilon and Delta Tau R 
Delta . both comin g off \ 0 

' .. ! : . . " ~ \ .'~" '. 
The men and women difficult one. 

began the winter quarter 
sports st;.ason with the 
frantic and furiou game of 
Inner-t ube Waterpolo . 
Both the men and women 
had to deal with incredibly 
good defending champion , 

Everyone in the women's bracket 
was betting on la t year's winner 
Kappa Kappa Gamma. Tri De lta. 
led by Tori Boegh, gave the most 
valiant effort, bul once again Kappa 
Kappa Gamma prevai led. Kappa's 
awesome offense, led by Val Kelly , 
beat the Tri Delts 20-4 in the final 

emotion al semi-fi nal r., 
victories. The game was neck \ 

\ 

l:t 
'.j 

d { 
and neck in regulation time 
ending in a 9-9 tie. During 
the three minute overtime. 
Jeff McCue of De lta Tau 
Delta sent the Natatorium 

so the race to the top would be a 

The next game put Phi Delta 
Theta again t last year's third place 
team, Sigma Phi Epsilon. Thisgame 
was extremely close the entire time 
and by the end of regulation play, 
the score was tied 8-8. By IFC 

into an uproar wi th a goal. Thi ~ 
was quickly sil enced, however, 
when Paul Moore answered back 

rules, if there is no winner at the end with a goal of his own. In "sudden 
of regulation, there is a three minute death," Sigma Phi Epsilon proved 
overtime. Iflhere is still no winner victorious and took away a second 
after that, the neltt goa l wins. The year win from Della Tau Delta. 
overtime went scoreless for the Phi The women continue their sports 
Dells and Sig Eps. During the schedule March 3-5 with soccer 
"sudden death," possession changed while the men will take to the 
four times before Ryan Chapman bowl ing lanes on February 16. 
scored Thursday Friday Saturday 
the Gr«k Columns 214 215 216 
wiTq IFC/Panhelienic 
goa I Exec. Board 
f 0 r Applications Due ~~:::::::::;::::~::::::;:~;:::;:::~~~~~~~~KAPLAN LSADGR8 r GMAT Seminar ANGLE Applications 

Monday Tuesday Wednesday 7:00pm Ballroom A Due Kappa Crush Sunday 
2J7 218 2/9 2110 211 1 

nS<I> Parents 
Weekend 

XU Initiation 

2114 

,,~\~E-<:> 
'-I p.\.\)p.'C 

2115 

Presidents' 
Day 

NOCLASSI 

IFC Elections 
Special 
Meeting 

BOD Meeting 
2116 

IFC Bowling 
2117 

PHI/Fe Meetina 
2121 Greek Week 2122 Greek Week 2123 Greek Week 2/24 

Greek Letter Day 

Doyle Party 

Miami Triad 
Greek Night @ 

Torrey's 
G""k Column, 2118 

Greek Night @ 
Torrey's 

2112 

XQ Valentine RaHle 
for Vltat Options 

Pric~ Center 
11-Noon 

2119 

2/13 

2120 

~i~i~ Greek Movie Night Comedy Store Sick & Twisted Comedians Animation Classics Price Center 8:30 Price Center BOD Meeting 11 :30·2:30 I \L-__________ ~~~~~~~~~~~ __ ~~~~~~ li UCSD~ PANHELLENIC j ~SSOCIA TlON~ 
.~ 'J. . . . '-V . Greek Columns is • Paid Placemenl and Produced by the UCSD InterfraternilY Council and Panhellenic Association (619) 534·6657 ,.. . 

I 

1/ 

J 

. -

" 



" 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cyl. 

Japanese cars only. Includes new 
spar\( pWp, .. t t11111mC. .cope 
8f111ne, uncle. hoocI check. 
Vans. a. PkC erc-nel. pietWlUm pIu&t ea.". 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C & D Auto Car. 
Mon . .fri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego. CA 92121 
(8ll) 558-2438 

• most cars 

The e 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece sion-busting bargain 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ....... ...... .450-3323 
Falrmalr's ...... . .......... 222-0220 
La Sandale .... . .......... .488·1 t 34 

UCSD EATS 
BJ's Pizza ....... ............ .455-0662 
Domlno's ..... .. ............. 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub .... ....... .. 578· 7892 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto .................. 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............ 695- t 990 
Robert's ... ......... .. ... ... ... 275· 1 t 32 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Cosla Verde Car Wash 587·4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ...... .... 457·3334 
N3IIs by Jenni fer ... ..... . 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ... ... 534-4279 
Being Fil .... ..... .............. 483-9294 
Family Planning . .......... . 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..... ... .. .......... 455·0909 
Dr Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. RIChard Balsan, DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ... ..... . 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye .... .. ...... .... . 452-7374 
Eyes of La Jolla ........... 597·2020 
Dr John McDonald ....... . 279-5858 
Sears Optical ............. .. . 455·5795 
Vision Care .. . .... ......... 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel ............. 455· 5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ....... ......... 693·1 469 
Video Gallery ............. .. 450· t 766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
CounCil Travel ....... ...... 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ... .... .............. . 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ............. ... .. 457-1 007 
Kinko's ........ .. ........ .. ... .. 457·3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearnlng ............ ... 455· t 000 
MCAT Review ... ........ ... 456-4848 
Pnncelon Review ......... 695-9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla BreWing Co .. ... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ............. ........... 587· 1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1 733 
Name of lhe Game (Com,cs) 274·GAME 
SI. Germain's ............ ... 455-1 414 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore. ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to TIle 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue. alld3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardianresen'es the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Dri\'e, 
0316. w Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floOl: 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on·campus Notary Pub-
lic? It so, call 587·7911 . ( t /4'613) 

PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE PRO-
GRAM. University of ProfeSSional Stud· 
ies. State licensed MFCC or PSYCHOLO-
GIST. Scholarships Available. 563· 1008. 

Fifth College Senlors!!1 Apply now for 
Fifth College Senator l Appl ications at 
Dean's oHlce . Due 218193. (211 -218) 

Cake Decorating Monday evenings. Six 
week course for $65. Held In La Jolla; call 
535-09 14 . (211-214) 

AXQ Will be sponsoring -Have a Heart 
Week- starting February 8th. Please come 
donate canned food . clothing. etc. 3t our 
Price Center booth from 219 to 2111 (1 t 
a.m. - 2 p.m.). All of the donations w ill 
benellt the shelter for Women of Domes· 
tIC Violence. (214) 

The Student Center now has recycling 
binS In its parking lot. Bins for card-
board, clear nd colored glass. alumi · 
num. newspapers, w hIte paper. maga-
zines. and phone books. II IS very 1m· 
portant to prevent co ntamination In 
these binS. so please make sure tha t 
only the proper waste IS deposited I 
Thank you for your cooperat ion. (2/4 ·2/ 
16) 

Want to work With kids? Come to A.S .K. 
(Active Students lor Kids) info nile Feb. 
t 7.7 p.m .. Price Center Cove. For more 
Info call Volunteer Connection 534· 1414 . 
(274-2116) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN· 
SHIP . Gain marketing, sales, 
cus tomer service, production, 
accounting w,th the longes t proven 
track record. We guaran tee $2,500 
i n co m pensa l ion WIth va s t 
opportunity for more. Call Student 
Works Painting (forme r ly Studen t 
Pain ters). 1-800-394 -6000. Lim ite d 
posillons ava il able. ( t /4 -2/8) 

EAR N $500,$1 ,000 weekly stu fhng 
envelopes. for details - RUSH $1 with 
SASE to: GROUP FIVE. 57 Greentree 
Dnve. SUite 307. Dover. DE t 990 1. (1 /4· 
2116) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN· 
SHI PS. Most positions filled by Feb. Gam 
val. expo managing 6-8 employees, 
customers, and suppliers. Avg. earnings 
6·16.000+. Call "University Painting Pros: 
Infclapp!. CALL800·525-58n. (1(7·3129) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA INCOME NOWI 
ENVELOPE STUFANG - $600 • $800 
every week - Free Details : SASE 10 
International Inc. 1356 Coney Island Ave. 
Brooklyn, New York 11230. (1(7,2118) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING • Earn 
$2,OOO./month + world travel (Hawaii. 
MeXICO, the Canbbean, elc.) Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No experience necessary. For 
employmenl program call 1·206·634-0468 
ext. C5976. (1125-2111) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 AN HOURI 
Each member of yourfrat, sorority, team, 
club. etc. pitches in iust one hour and your 
9rouP can raise $1 ,000 in iust a few days l 
Plus a chance to eam $1 ,000 foryourselfl 
No cost. No obligation . I ·800-932-G528, 
exl. 65. (1 /21-2118) 

PfT Convention Industry Sal s Intern. 
Mac experience/strong communicalion 
skills desired. Ideal for SO or JR with 
desl re 10 r advancement into sales posltion 
upon graduation. $5.50/hr. Jennifer 457· 
9882. (1125-214) 

BE ING-FIT IS HfRING experienced 
aerobiC teachers. All hours available. Call 
483-9294 . (1128,218) 

SUMMER Jobs at Camp Tawonga near 
Yosemite. Variety of jobs, nice people, 
Jewish Community Camp. On campus 21 
16193 interviewing . Call 543-4500. (211-
218) 

Wanted : Umpires for La Jolla Little 
League. Good pay, outdoors, relatively 
easy. Startsspnng quarter. For more info, 
call Bryan, 491 -2768. (211·2118) 

Great summer opp. Jewish CXHld r9S1dentiai 
C8I1l> seeks counselors and speclallsls. 
Cap1aI Camps, located inthebeautiful catoctin 
Mountains, one hour from Washington. D.C. 
offe!s tennIS, water sports, nature. arts, video. 
gymnastics, radio, drama. Photo., etc. It you 
arelnterested inthechalengesandexcitement 
of working WIth campers In grades 3-10, we 
want you on our team. Good salaries, greet 
funlOurdirectorwil beoncampusonFeb.I 2. 
Forrnoreinfoonation and an appointmenl cail 
t -800-229-7852. (214-218) 

Earn cash stuffing envelopes at home. 
Send SASE to P.O. Box 9643 Springfield. 
MO 65801. (214·2116) 

Research Assistant Biomedical sciences, 
library work, organization, proofing. Call 
Tlna 265·4080. (214) 

Laboratory Technician/Assistant. Office· 
based laboratory, oeIl culture, microscopy. 
Call80bbi 265·1800 (214) 

Housekeeping/cleaning. Del Cerro area 
bi-weekly. Call Melinda 475·6463. (214) 

Chlldcare for Del Mar family, M-Th 
afternoons. Loving. responsible person 
needed to plu kids from school and do 
misc. errands and light housekeeping. 
Must be non· smoker w/ clean driving 
record. Call 557·7690 days, 755·t8t5 
eves. (214) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Pub· 
lic? If so, call 587-79" . (1/4-6/3) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. On 
campus and aHordable. Call Mike 622· 
1147. (1114·3111) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St. Germain·s. 452-9949 . (1/19-613) 

Need typinglWord processing done? Will 
do any size job. any type of job. I will also 
do editing if needed or wanted. Call Carol 
481·6364 evenings. (1/ 19-3/11) 

LOSE WEIGHT SAFELY! Personal Fit· 
ness Training + Nutritional Counseling. 
Save 20"10 unlll Feb. 28th. Call now 497-
3282. (t 125·214) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JETI Europe • 
$249. Hawall- $129. New York - $129. 
Get your program description. AIRHITCH 
(r) 800-397-1098. (1 /25-2118) 

KARATE + SELF DEFENSE PRIVATE 
TUTOR • Leam practical + effective self 
defense techniques; Increase safety, confi-
dence + co-ordination; Qualified Blackbelt 
Instructor; Private lessons in your own home. 
Call Martin 458-5929. (1125-214) 

WORD PROCESSING - papers , 
resumes. etc. Proofreacllspellcheck. La-
ser printing. From $1.50/page. Sharon 
481 · 7604 evenings. (211'214) 

loin Peace Corps .. 

GLOBALIZE YOUR 

LA JOLLA TAN · AttenUon UCSD Stu· 
dams II La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from UCSD 
In the Renaissance Ctr. neat Rubios Fish 
Tacos. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL· 2 
PEOPLE TAN FOR THE PRICE ON 11 
See our ad in this issue or calI622· 1122. 
Tha's LA JOLLA TAN. (211,2116) 

WANTED: Kennel Helper, part·time. 
Weekends and afternoons. Call 454-6 157 
between 12-2. (211 ,214) 

Horses for 112 lease In Del Mar. Interme-
diate riders only. English or western . Cail 
Catherine 454·6673. (214) 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La Jolla Bar· 
ber Shop. Ouality Barber, Hair Cuts. $8. 
n60 Faye Ave. Suite F, 459·5792. (214) 

TV reporter on-camera delivery 1 ~y work-
shops. Call for information. 782-3582. (214) 

I will type BETTER for LESSI All papers. 
also computer generated charts, graphs 
and tables. Call Cecilia 631-4430 and 
leave message. (214) 

WANTED 
Female babysiner wanted to watch two 
children under seven. Must have own car. 
Up to 10 hours per week. Pay negotiable. 
References preferred. Close to campus. 
457·0535. (1128 ·214) 

Singer Wanted: male, for very progressive 
originais. Harmony, high voice, unique style. 
committed. Shane 272·7257 (214) 

PAID sperm donors sought for infertile 
caucasian couple. Must be in excellent 
health. Confidential. 528-4020 . (211-2118) 

Healthy voIunteefs ages 18 to 45 yeatS old 
needed to participate in UCSD MedcaI Center 
sbJdy examining the effect of sounds on the 
eyebinkreftex. CompensatjonwiAbeprovided. 
Call 543-2494 for information. (2/4) 

Wanted. Drummer+Guitaristforopen-minded 
a1temative band. Influences from Velvet 
Underground to Grateful Dead. My Bloody 
Valentine to Janes Addction. Free surprize in 
fN9ry box! CaN Alex 457·7506. (214-218) 

I need (desire, want..) to interview TEACH 
FOR AMERICA applicants. Free meal 
with interview. 453·9915. (214,218) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4 wheel· 
ers. motomomes, by FBI,IRS, DEA. Avail· 
able your area now. Call 1·800·436·4363 
ext. C· 7556. (1 /19·2111) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Com· 
puter homework at homel $157. Plug in 
and go. 554·0414 . (211·3/11) 

FOR SALE : Imagewriter printer, 2 yrs 
old. Rarely used. Perfect condition. 
Color and Appletalk ready. Need to sell 
- $190.00 or best offer. Eves ... 625· 
0488. (1 /28·214) 

MACINTOSH SE: 1MB RAM, 40MB 
harddrive. t200 modem, keyboard , 
mouse, antiglare. software. $550. Cart 
625·7990. (1 /28·214) 

SNAKES:Captivebom(I2126192)CoIombian 
boas. Nice markings. Great eaters. Enjoy 
being held. $125 each. 274-5564. (211·2111) 

RESUME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Cam pus Feb. 10 & 11 
Informa tion Booth: Wednesday & Thursday, 9 am - 1:30 pm 

Price Center 

Special Seminars 

What I Peace Corps? 
Wed., Feb. 10, 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Service Center, Conference Room 

Opportunities in Education & Science 
Thurs., Feb, 11,2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Service Center, Conference Room 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

Interviews 

Thurs. and Fri. 
Feb. 25 & 26 

Career Service Center 

For more infonnation. conta t your Career Services Center, or call the Los Angeles Recruiting Office at (800)832-0681, elll. 110. 

CHEAPI Queen size futon bed $90, fine 
cabinet $25. moving out of country. Kara 
450-6720. (211·214) 

'85 Toyota MR-2. S9K very dependabfe. 
runs great! Moving away. Kara 450-6720, 
$3,250 o.b.o. (211·214) 

Black Lightning Rollerblades, 8 112 men 
(9·10 womens) with wristguards. good 
condition. $1 20 o.b.o. Liz 625·0954. (211· 
218) 

SKI Snow Summit · Lift ticket Sat. Feb. 6. 
Don't wait until it sells ·out . Bill 558-Q730. 
(211·214) 

HP 285 calculator. Does integrals, de· 
nvatives. matrices. graphs. Greatfor Math 
& Physics. $80. Ivan 558-2467. (211 -214) 

'78 Toyota Cellca • beige , runs good. 
$500 o.b.o. Evenings 552·1037. (2/1·2/ 
4) 

MAZDA GLC '84 2 door. 4 speed. Runs, 
looks xlnt. $1200/ best. Call Andrew 534· 
8886 or 453-9390. (211 -214) 

Must sell. Queen size bed good condi-
tion. $t25. 453 ·1358. Iv.mes. (2/4·21 
11 ) 

1970 Volks. sqrbk automatic excellent 
condo Rebuilt 50,000. baby blue. 273· 
8059. (214-2111) 

Guitar! Acoustic steel string. Perfect con-
dit ion. In box. $95. Electric telecaster. 
hum buckers, tremolo. $140. 586-7928. 
(214·2111 ) 

Taking a scuba class? Save money and 
buy my bag of gearl Everything you need 
to start $150.00. Call Cecilia. 63 t -4430 . 
(214 ) 

AUDI 'S t Coupe. 5 speed. Air. Power. low 
miles. Looks/Runs Great. $2.600. 450-
1 177/587·1 145. (214 ·218) 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617. P{f spring F{f 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production. 
Posirions going fast. 

Call now. 
1·800·400·9332 

LSA TStudy materials, including past tests, 
Princelon Review manuals, more. $40 
o.b.o. JeH (619) 597·0632. (214·2116) 

BOSE 101 Music Monitor Speakers. In 
excellent condition. 4 months old. Great 
for dorm or as surround sound speakers. 
Reg. $190 pair (Silo & DOW). Now $ 120 
pair! Call 455·7249. (214) 

HOUSING 
Own room. $250/month. In Clairemont 
Big living room and fireplace. 1/4 utilities. 
Call Karen 541·2073. (1 /14·2116) 

Single room wI 1/ 2 bath . La Jolla 
Blvd ., 2 b locks from Wind & Sea 
Beach, ocean view, $350/month , 
laundry . cable . A .S.A.P . 551·0036. 
(1 /28-2/8) 

Roommate Wanted · Own room in 3 bed· 
room 1.5 bathroom townhouse. Fully fur-
nished (except own room). washer/dryer. 
very close to campus & bus stop. $31 5 + 
1/3 utils. Prefer very easy going ma le. 
junior. senior or grad. Call 587-8980 Alex 
or Alt. (1 /28·214) 

Share condo. Own roomlbath. Pool, spa, 
washer/dryer. fireplace, garage. Non-
smoker. Carlsbad. $400. 434-9483 (1/28-
218) 

Roommate wanted · share 3·br. apart· 
ment. Non·smoker. Washer/dryer. 1.5 
miles campus. $275. AvaiI3/ 1. 450·4628. 
(1 /28-2It t) 

WINDANSEA - Share 2 bedroom w ith 
female. NO SMOKING/pets . laundry. 
$437 plus $537 deposit. 454-7425. (211 · 
214) 

Roommate wan ted $341 .50/month + 
t /3 utili ties . Malelfemale. "Ha t·n in 
Pacific Be ach .- Adriano 270·859 2 . 
(2/ 1-2/ 25) 

SCHOLARSHIPS AND 
GRANTS AVAILABLE" 
NO GPA REQUIREMENTS 
NO INCOME RESTRICTIONS 
NO AGE LIMITS 
GUARANTEE 
We Will match you With at least SIX 
non ·govelnment sources of Iinanclal 
aid or you r money back ' 
DOUBLE GUARANTEE 
You Will receive at least $ tOO In 
grants/scholarships or we Will gIVe 
you a $100 U.S Savings Bond i" 
For ,"formation and an application. 
send your name and add ress to 
TONY STRONG AND ASSOCIATES 
6285 E. SPRfNG ST., Suite 399 
LONG BEACH. CA 90808 
'Scholarshlps and grants available 
for undergraduates 

'"Full guarantee details sent w,th 
application 

~~£~f~9!9; 

Th .. U SD G lInnliall 

SPACIOUS Kearny Mesa house needs 
roo mmate. Pool. fireplace. month-to· 
month lease. $340. Call 627·0747. (211 · 
218) 

STILL SEEKING: Roommate for INDI · 
VIDUAL room. $250+ 114. 15 minutes from 
UCSD in MIRAMESA. Large house NEAR 
ALL. Laundry. fireplace. large yard. 2 car 
garage + MORE. 558·1906 or 693·8322. 
(21 1,214) 

Del Mar· t bedroom unfun1lShed, condo. plus 
loft. pool. tenniS, refrigerator. washer<fryer. 
Super iocabon. $855.00. 259·1200. (214) 

GREAT condol Female share room with 
UCSD student. Del Mar · beach/cliffs. 
Furnished. 4 balconies. washer. dryer. 
fireplace, pool , iacuzzi ... more than aver-
age apt! $340/month · deposit negotiable. 
ASAP · 793· tI25. CINDY (214) 

Room to rent UCSD area. $5751month. 
Penthouse apl. with own bathroom. Big 
living space with fireplace. vaulted ceilings. 
Willing to have two roommates share room. 
Available ASAP. Call 546·3989. (2I4-2I t t ) 

PERSONALS 
Drummer/Bassist seeking guitarist for hard 
alternative band. Open minded and various 
influences. Jason 456-1804. (2I t -2I4) 

Subjects wanted forbrainwave and behavorial 
experiments. $10.00ih0ur. Call 453-4100 x 
422. Must be right-handed. native english 
speaker between 18-28 years old. (214) 

The Great White Owl is watChing you. (214) 

JENNY - How about a cup of coffee? Call 
me @ 534-2457. -The Bus Guy: (214) 

I lost my watch. It's not valuable. but I really 
liked il. Large Cherokee band, silver ac· 
cents. Whiteface, tan leatherband. ltfound, 
please call Christine. 539-0534. (214) 

SPERM 
DONORS 

Healthy, qualified men 
ages 18 - 35 can earn extra 
cash by participation in a 
respected donor program. 
For complete information 

call (619) 265-2407 

THE FERTILITY CENTEIf 
OF CALIFORNIA 

most delightful films to come out of China in 
a long time. A skillfully crafted piece of satire 
and homage to commercial Kung fu epics and 
American Westerns, Swordsman ... begins in 

China's vast, forsaken Western desert . 
Who will save Double Flag Town? 

I NTE RNATI()NAL 
STYL E 1 C)C)3 UCS D 

CI.:\ .·SIFIEDS I:{ 

SUMMER JOBS 
at Camp Tawonga 

If you love Yosemite, kids, and making a 
difference, then join our Summer Team. 
Now Hiring: Counselors , Wilderness Leaders, 
Maintenance, Life Guards, Cooks, Drivers, 
A&C and more ... 

INTERVIEWING AT UCSD 2/16/93 
PLEASE CALL (619)543-4500 

for an application and to schedule an interview 
A SeNice of the United Jewish Community Centers 

S D 
VS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKEIS 
COSTUMES • 60'5, 70'5, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT 11·6:30 · 222-0220 

MeAT and Medical School 
Information Seminar 

Freshman. Sophomore. Junior" ' nlis seminar provides the es"c11Iials YO 
need to successfull y cn ter medical !ochool! 
Practical infonnution und matcriab wi ll help you with: 

- Admissions Procc' s • In tervicwing Skills 
• AMCAS Appilc;nion • MCAT Prcpumtion 

Included: Full Mock M ·AT. with Detailed Analysis 
February 13 & 14. 1993. H a.m.·s p.m. 

I'acine Christian Colle~e 
2500 E. Nutll'ood "Hnue 

Fullfrton, CA 

Februar) 20 & 21. 1993, II a.m.-s p.m. 
Occidental College 

1600 Campus Rd .• Johnson l'l all 
Los Angeles. CA ' 

$140.00 pre-registration • $160.00 at the door 
MeA A T 

Medical Careers Advancement And Training 

4500 Campus Drive • Suite 225 • Newport Beach • CA 92660 
L-____ (714)476-3027 • FAX (714)476-6286 ____ --l 

!7lowers d3 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

Su n Diego. CA 92122 
558·6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
" lin IMIf,hJ<w.: "t ., In IIf 11111', 
\ ,>4 1.11.\1 \\ I\h .m, ,"( IlI."I' I ~kr 
E.p 1/ IHflJ 

.. 
-" '( Dc:Uvcr 
\lork! \\Jidt" 

(-- --2TANS$1* i 
I One for you. one for a friend : 
: 130 Tan Days $2gs9 1 I 
I ' • Wolff Bece • Facial T <mer'S I 
"- __ J_ _ __ ~~:;-c.u:=(~p.rcn...) __ ~ 

------------------~ 
r.LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS ·' Iostll inches. anrl myje~ns 'lt I I now. It's rle/lnltely worth Itl 
I Guaranteed ... $48)8( -Mindy. San Diego I European Body Wrap I Lose at lent 6" 01 you don 't payl No exercise or dieting. I 
I GoklenTrIqIr; La.kl&l P"I/r;~h Pt.1..cN lillc;mt ~Va'lcy I pcrfcctr.. 455-0952 p"lfkr.. r .. 4l.c55 296-700+ ~Ta1 I 3251t'o1i<byCt. 2200G~t ~185MI<ttI~ StaUCoIqc 411 C;mro Dei RIO 5 I 

(~ ___ ~~~~~~~~_54~~_~ 



.' 

The U D Guardian 

UCSD Athletic Director Juclith Sweet has pent 20 years at thi hool including 18 as 
the head f the athletic program and the last two at the NCAA as ... 

Madame President 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Spans Editor 

With 16 national champi -lIn~ll1p, ,il1~e 19R I. the (,SD ath kt ic tkpan -
ment ranl .. :I, one of the mo,t , uc-
~e~~ful in the count ry. At the hcad of 
the depanment i~ Judith Sweet who. 
in addition to her rolr.: a, athletic di-
rector.recently~teppeddowna .. Pr~i ­
dent of the NCAA after a two-year 
tenn. making her one of the mo:t 
~u ce, ful women in collegia te~pon~. 

She graduated with a degree in 
phy,ical education and mathemat ics 
from the University of Wi onsin. 
then moved on to teach for a year at 
Tulane Univer~ity. Leaving Tulane. 
Sweet ~pent two ye:lr~ doing graduate 
worl and teaching at the Univc~ity 
of Arizona befor~ heading to San 
Diego for it year teaching at Keamy 
lligh School. Finally. in 197]. Sweet 
alTiVl!d at UCS D. and wa, namcd 
At hletic Director III 1975 . 

The: Guardial/ ",Ii-ed with Sweet 
,Ibout h~r Jt:t:ol11pli,hmcnh here ,II 
U(,SD ancl with the AA. 
Guardian: How did you move 
from teaching here to becom-
ing Athletic Director? 

SII eel: I w;" In the light place :11 
the right time for taling on ,IJml1l1'>-
trallve rc>pon.),biIIlIC' \\hile I \.1.1\ 
tcac hing. I got In volved wi th the 
\ olllen\ Athletic A" ociation while 
,It the nivc:r,ity of MiLOna. The,ec-
ond year I wa, here at UC D I had an 
llppol1Ullit y to ,ervc a, a~~i~tant :lth-
k t ic director. Th.: third ye'll. tht: po,i -
tion of athktic dinxt r pcned up. 
What do you consider your 
greatest accomplishment as 
Athletic Director here? 

11lerc an;: ~ever;llt hings th.1I hal'e 
~en ,ICl:ompli,hed dUring my tenure 
that hale been <.!\trcmely IInpon:lI1t 
for UC D. Fir~t and foremoM i. the 
~tabi li zll1g of the athlctic program by 
improvlllg the ~al:u ics ~ r coaches. 

on~eque llll y. I thinl we have been 
ab le to attract and maintain a first -
da~~ coaching ~ I aff. Secondly. Ihe 
addition of new facilities: Ihe outdoor 

~wimming pool. the orth Campus 
fi elds and we're looking forward to 
the opening of RIMAC. The other 
accomplishmcnt which I think is a 
product of somc of those things I just 
memioned b having UCSD recog-
nized as one of the besl Division IfI 
athletic programs in the count ry and 
Ihal recognition comes as a result of 

Ithel4uality of team JXrfomlance:. a 
well:\, [thel quality f perf mlance~ 
of \lUdent -athlete, in the cla.."room. 
TIlere are a 1m ofin'> tllut ion\ through-
uutthc country th;1I look to UC D a~ 
a model of what they wou ld like their 
athletic program, to achieve. 
In 1981, when UCSD became a 
full NCAA Division III school, 
did you thtnkthe program would 
take off Il<e It has? 

In the early '80s I ewer still 
:,truggling with tryll1g to Mabilize the 
program, ~o it would have been very 
difficult, if n t impo~l>ible. to antici-
pate the succe •• that so many of our 
tc.1m~havccnjoyed . But the women 's 
volleyball won the first ever Division 
III wOlllen 's volleyball championship 
in 198 1. which was the first ear thaI 
the N AA wa. spon~oring women', 
championships. That kind of ,et the 
\lUge. \wing an c~ample that other 
le:lI11\ , triled to reach. 
With as much success asyou've 
had here and with your experi-
ence with the NCAA, have you 
ever thought about leaving 
UCSD? 

I have been cont.lr ted and oppor-
IlInitic. h,lve been available. But I 
h,II'C been happy at C D and am 
c~cilcd Jbout the developmcnt of 
RIMAC and thc nO:\I opponunitic~ 
that that will prc..cnt. 1'111 not lool..ing 
10 kave SO. but if the right ~ir­

tum~tance~ rre~ented them~elve~. I 
would at I ca~t con~ider what ,uch 
change, n1lgh t mean . 

( wcct ' , tirsl posi tion with the 
CAA wa., :1\ Oivi,ion III vice presi-

d.:nt In 1987. II eet W;I\ elccted ,ec-
reta ly-trea~ lIrerofthe AA in 1989. 
Jnd thcn e kcted I)re,ident in 199 1.) 
As the first president from a 
Division III school, what was it 
like dealing with schools like 
Miami, Oklahoma, etc? 

It \'a.' probably more uncomfon-
able for the people from Miami or 
Oklah ma than it wa, for me. It was 
Imponant 10 leI others know th,1I 1'111 
a good listener and even Ihough Imay 
not be involved with their day-to-day 
problems. when r have the facts r can 
help in resolving the major i sue. 
And r think that people accepted me 
as wanling to help them and that broke 
down the barriers of being a woman 
from Division III without football 
who lived in California. 
You served on the NCAA televl· 
slon negotiating committe. 
that captured the MV .... y .. , 

$1 billion conbact for the final 
Four with CBS In 1989. When 
you flrst started the negott. 
tiona, were you thinking a bi~ 
lion doIlan? 

o. Ihe previou~ comra t re~uhed 
111 a three-year contract of about 55 
milli n a year. I think Ihat 1110, t of u~ 
were looking at maybe doubling the 
previousconlract. But we were think-
inga linlebit bigger. and felt that if we 
could gel them to $ 120 million, that 
would be tremendous. As it turned 
out. the average over the seven-year 
period Ithe amount diffe~ year to 
yeaI'I i~ $143 million per year. So we 
about tripled what the previous an-
nual contract had becn, nnd that's the 
good news. The bad news is with Ihe 
economy being the way it is now. al 
the end of the ,even years lin 1998J. 
we C;II1 ' t duplicate what we've been 
enjoy ing the pa:.1 few year,. In 1988 
the payment wa. $55 m ill ion per year, 
in 1985 it \.1,1\ $32 million per year 
and in 1982 it wa., 13 million per 
year. So in Ie,!> than 10 year,. we went 
from 13 million a year to 143 mil-
lion a year. Ihat' s pretty dramatic. 
How does a deal like that help 
out other NCAA events such as 
the women's final Four? 

It 's hclped in a 101 of way!>. good 
ponlon of the money generated from 
thi s contract goes back to member 

in~titutions. so there is dire 'l a~~is­
tance. Pan of what we required in the 
negot iations is that they show certain 
otherchampion,hip>, In lhe past, CBS 

ha~ only ~hown Ihe women' final, 
and now they ~how both the ~mi ­
linals and the final. I think that' ~ a real 
direct benefit. 
Whenever a decision Is an-
nounced, It Is always the Ex· 
ecutlve Director, DIck Schultz, 
who makes the Mnouncement. 
What Is the role of the NCAA 
President? 

TI1C fonnal r~ponsibili ti es include 
pre iding over the C A council. 
which is the legi slative amI of the 
council , presid ing over the executive 
commillee, which is the e ecutive 
ann and presiding at the annual con-
vention. I ervea an ex-ofticio mem-
ber of a number of commillees in-
cluding the budget committee which 
is responsible for Ihe hiring and eva lu-
ation of the Executive Director. Dick 
Schultz does not have a vote on Asso-
ciat ion matters, he is a spokesperson 
for the Association. As a university 
representative, I have an opportunity 

UCSD has won 1.6 national champfonshlps since 1981, Including this women's soccer crown In 1989. 

Thur. day, rebruar,' 4, 1993 

UCSD Athletic Director Judith Sweet 
to vote on all the decision~ that are 
made. I al:.o preside over the admin-

i ~tralive comminee which consbts of 
the other fourofficerli of the NCAA as 
well a~ Dick Schultz. 
Schultz recently mentioned a 
Division I football playoff. What 
do you think of the idea? 

I think hi~ reference to a playoff 
wa~ ju~t to pre~ent an option !>hould 
the membe~hip be looking for way ' ' 
to generate more funds. It doesn't 

nece~sarily mean that he advocates 
having a foolball playoff. TIlereobvi-
ously i~ a 101 of intere~ t [from] the 
general public, but there is also a lot of 
resistance because of the increa ed 
time demands on the students that 
would be involved in the champion-
ship and Ihe potential impact it would 
have on the existing bowl structure. 
UCSD recently considered a 
move to Division II, but found It 
economically Impossible. What 
do you think is the future of 
UCSD athletics? 

We have ome ~truggles ahead of 
us becau e of the economy. It 's very 
dim ult for us to talk about doing 
anything that's goi ng tocOSI anymore 
money when we're struggling to do 
what we're doing right now with the 
limited resource that are available to 
us. There has been orne talk about 
the attracliveness about a University 
of California conference, excluding 
Berkeley and UCLA. If there would 
be some way to fmd some common 
ground amongsl the other campuses 
and form aconference, I think it would 
betremendou lasl a positive approach 
to both academics and athletics. 
Wlwtaboutthe ....... _ ... 
tw ..... UCSO ... UCDavlswhlch 
Is DIvIsion II? 

That 's thepointaboutfmdingsome 
common ground. There would have 
to be ome give and take as to what 
would be the appropriate affiliation 
for all of the UC campuse . 
It'. five r'" from now. Would 
rou Il<e to see • move .. to 
Dlvt.Ion I ... then rnerIIe five 
, ... IIftw thIIt • jump even 
....... to DIvIsIon I? 

I think it 's imporUlnt for u to be in 
a conference. The likelihood of that 
happening the Division III level is 
lillie 10 none. What 's most important 
is that we align ourse lves with other 
institut ions that have a similar phi-
lo ophy. Wherever that may be. 
whether that 's Di vi ion ill, Division 
II or Division I. At this point in time, 
none of tho e three division offer u 
a conference opportunity with other 

like in~titution~ . It's not ~omething 
we can do independently; it'~ rea ll y 
going to be depend!!nt on an exam i na-
tion by other institutions of what their 
philosophy is and what approach they 
want to employ for their programs in 
the fUlure, 
How severe have the cutbacks 
been In the athletic depart· 
ment? 

TIley've been pretty dramat ic. We 
had an eight percent cu t last year, and 
the re is talk about a 10 percent cut for 
nexl year. We were struggling finan-
cially before we had any cuts. We 
have always been very low funded. 
given the number of teams that we 
have. All of our coaches are still on a 
pan-time basis. Teams have to do 
fund-r.tising in order just to meet their 
operating expenses. If you take an 
already exhausted budget ;lI1d then 
take more away from that. I Ihink that 
gives the message that thingsareprelly 
serious. I am concemed about the 
future. especially if we have to absorb 
another 10 percent CUI next year. 
Doesthat mean droppiliga team 
01' two perhaps? 

I would hope Ihat 's not the case. 
But as we start to get stretched more 
and more. those are the kinds of ques-
tions we are no doubt going to have to 
confront. Our commitment has al-
ways been 10 a broad-based program 
with maximum participation. The di-
lemma is how much can you water 
down a broad-based progmm before 
it is no longer realistic to continue. 
The alternative is to utilize whatever 
remaining resources and to reallocate 
according to some plan that might 
make sense. But I don 't know what 
that plan is right now. We have a 
lough year ahead of us. there's no 
doubt about it. 
So how does UCID remain such 
a succ ....... ~ deIpIte 
....... In 10 much trou .... ? 

We have a lot of dedicated indio 
vidual who roll up thei r sleeve and 
make it work. It's a real credit to the 
effons of everybody in the depart-
ment Ihat the program has been as 
successful as it has been. Its also a 
credit to the student-athletes. TIley 
could choose to go to other institu· 
tions where thing would be easier for 
Ihem as student-athletes. But they' ve 
elected 10 come to UCSD and trive 
to be the best that they can be. 

Is thatsomelhing Ihat keeps you 
going in your position? 

Ye . wilhoutthat kind of att itude, 
it wouldn 't make sense for us to do 
what we're doing. 

Thursday, Fl'bl'lIary 4, 1993 SPOUTS 15 

UCSD Offense Missing inAction, Loses 70-61 
W. HOOPS: Tritons shoot 
abysmal 26 percent from 
field in loss to Leopards 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's basketball 
team was in a must -win si tualion in 
Tuesday night' home. match against 
laVerne. A victory would keep their 
faint playoff hope alive, 
wh.ile a loss would all but 
etim inate the Tritons from 
postseason consideration. 

eeding to rise to the occa-
sion, UCSD' perimeter 
shooting went ice-<:old, ru 
the Tritons shot a dismal 26 
percent from the field in an 
underwheiming, 70-61 loss 
to the Leopards. UCSD (10-
10) has lost three of four 
games. 

UCSDHead CoachJudy 
Malonewas nOl pleased with 
her team's perfom1ance. "We were just 
forcingourshot . We'resoinside-dOl11i-
naled on offense right now, when 
laVerne gave us the outside shot. our 
wings were just not ready to take the 
shots. When they get the ball. the shots 
are tentative, alma t in desperation. 

"1 really expected us to win, It was a 
crucial game, and we just couldn 't hoot 
at all IOnighl. I'm really disappointed; 

La Verne was heatable," Malone added. 
UCSD'sfiveguards hot only 12.1 

percell! from the field, misfiring on 29 
of 33 anemptS. The remainder of the 
Triton lineup didn 't exactly "izzle the 
nelS. shooting only 36 percent (19-53). 

The Tritons actually hot well in the 
opening minute of the g:IIl'1C. Senior 
guard Tricia Stilwell's three-pointer. 
followed 1] seconds later by a 15-foot 
Ali on CartWright jumper, gave the 

Tritons an 8-2 lead just two 
minules into the contest. 

Four minules later. se-
niorcenter Eri ':1 Scholl took 
a nifty hook pass from 
sophomore guard Sura 
Mease tllld banked in a ix-
footer, giving the Triton a 
12-10 lead with 14:04 re-
maining in the flJ'St half. 

Aftera6-ILaVemerun. 
the 6- 1 Scholl snared a 
Valerie Ryan miss and took 
the ball strong to the hoop, 
getting hacked on the hot 

allempt by LaVeme center Wendy 
Gibbs. The shot fell. and Scholl con-
vened the free throw, knotting the game 
at 16 with II :5 1 to go in the first half. 

ThenUCSD'sotTensewentAWOL 
While the Tritons launched brick after 
brick, La Veme began to exploit weak-
nesses in the UCSD man defense. The 
Leopards were able 10 find the open 
shooters as UCSD seemed confused on 

Chuck Nguyen/ Guardian 
Valerie Ryan, seen here In action against Christ College earlier this year, had seven points Tuesday. 
help assignments. More imponantly. 
the Leopards were making uleir open 
shots. 

When UCSDClU1le out tochaJ lenge 
the Leopards' jump shooters, La Veme 
pounded the ball inside to Gibbs. 

The 6-Q Gibbs a5Sened her domi-
nance in Ihe paint, using her size tllld 
strength 10 muscle inside againsl the 

less-physical Triton post defenders. 
Gibbs scored six of her 22 points in a 
four minute streIch. keying a 13~ run 
for the Leopards. 

With just over four minutes left in 
the half, the Triton offense showed some 
life. Scholl's 8-footlllmaround jumper 
with 2:45 remaining punctuated an 8-2 
Triton run. The spun brought UCSD to 

within Ihree point,. 31-28. with 2:45 
remaining in the opening half. 

Then once again the otTensc V:III-
ished. ;t'> the Le pards clo~d the half 
with a 7-0 rl.ln , and LaVeme took;t 38-
28 Ie;ld at the inteml bsion. 

A millie ~ond half comeback fell 
shon ;l~ UCSD shot 23 percent ;lfter 
illleJ1llission. 

Youth Movement Can't Lead UCSD to a Win 
By Jeff Praught 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD Triton baseball te:un 
opened up lhe 1993 season on the road 
against Chapman College on Tuesday, 
and although it played an 
evenly malched game, it 
couldn't quile pull oUl the vic-
tory, losing 3-2. The game 
wasOlUpman'sseasonopener 
as well. 

AfierChapman took a 1-0 
lead in ilS half of the flJ'St in-
ning. the Tritons pulled even, 
lhank.s to the power of third 
baseman Chris Mi yake , 
Miyake blasted a second in-
ning home run to even the 
score at I-I. It was Miyake's second 
career home run as a Triton. in only 13 
plate appearances. 

The otTense struck again in lhe third 
inning when centertielder Sean Darrock 
delivered his own blast Through three 
innings, the Tritons had already mus-
tered four hits, including cwo home 

runs, sending the Chapman 
staner to an early shower. 

Unfortunately. these were 
the only runs the Triton could 
squeeze out, as the Chapman 
relief corps carne in and com-
pletely hut down the Trilons. 
Reliever Alex Baham (4 1/1 IP, 
no hit , no runs, three 
strikeouts) and J ames Thomas 
(1/3 [P, no hit~, no runs) com-
bined to not only shut out the 
Tritons the rest of the way, but 

kept them hitless as well. 
Even with the Tritons not producing 

during the latter stages of the game,they 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
Elllcndcd Sort Lc n~c~ 

B&L Sort Spin IJ&L 104 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn . hard Baby bluc, hazel & 
Par.penn 02 emerald. grecn 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clai rcmonl Mc~a Blvd. 

• Prof ••• lolisl S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt)' E)'.csr. 
• R ••• olI.bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
J93R Adam~ Ave, 

still led 2- 1, until the bollorn of Ihe 
sevenlh inning, oChapman used two 
tolen bases, timely hitting, :U1d a sa ri -

ficeflyto comeupwithapairofrunsand 
take a 3-2 lead, which would eventually 
hold up. Lefty hurler Steve Heighl, who 
took over in lhe seventh inning for 
starter Kun Luhrsen, was saddled with 
lhe 10 . Baham eamed the victory for 
Chapman. with Thomas picking up lhe 
save. 

Despile early signs of offensive 
muscle, the Tritons had trouble gening 
the bailout of the infield. They only 
recorded five fly-ball ou~. and couldn 't 
keep the ball away from ~hon'lop 
Octavio Medina, who recorded 10 as-
sists for Chapman. Defensively, the 
Triton played a ~;trong game, making 
no errors and tuming in IIVO double 
plays. 

De~pi te the los~. the young Tritons 
showed encourJging signs, as they held 

clo~ untilthc final innings in their fiN 
road ganleoflhe year. UCSD will take 
its 'how on the road ag;tin this Sunday. 
when they visit Cal Stale Lo ' Angele~. 
at 1:00 p.m. 

The youth movemenl hU!> begun for 
the UCSD baseball team, as they pre-
pare to head into Ihe 1993 season. Or 
bener yet, due to the loss of so many 
stal1ing senior.; from la.'lt year's leam. it 
might be more appropriate to callth i~ a 
rebuilding year. 

" I hate to use that \.I oro ever. but in 
Ih isca>C. we have to apply it.",aysllcad 
Coach Lyle Yates. 

But, with every yOllng team, there 
lies the promise of good things 10 corne, 
This year's team includes II freshman. 

eightsophornore~. fourjunio",.and four 

Chuck Nguyenl Guard/an 
Ryan Flanagan will be a force . 
senlllrs, .0 they can b.: cxpect~d to be 
together for a long time. LeJ hy senior 
stalling left -h;lI1der R y;m Flanagan (7-
3.3.17 ERA 1a.\1 year). the Triton\ will 
be faced with a tough battle. Joly in and 
day out. to keep themselvc, COmp<1'L'<.i. 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77C1: 

No minimum. 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8"1/2" x 11" 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle .. 



GREGG 

ummn 
And We Have 
A Winner .•. 

Firs! of all a !Jeany congmtulations 
to the wirmer of the Guardian Pig kin 
Pundits Playoffs, Kim Miller of Third 
College. Kim was the only one who 
actually survived all the way to the 
Super Bowl. Ms. Miller put the rest of 
UC D's so<ulled expert prognostica-
tors to shiune. 

We received nearly 50 entries;md 
about 45 of them were out by the end 
of the first weekend. The biggest 
killer'l11le Chargers-Dolphin game. 
whose lopsided outcome wiped Ollt 
the entries like a lawnmowCT thrnllgh 
field mice. Again, congratl.llati ns to 
the willner and thank you to all of the 
entmills. Be sure to look for ~me 
more exciting chance.~ to win big 
prize/,. rat lea.>t more piua in the 
near futllr.:. 

Jumping to a tllllgcnt here. I 
thought they could pull it off. I really 
did. l1lis year appe:1red to be the year 
of the underdog, but nOl for me. My 
team blew it big time and I ~Ull here to 
humbly offcr my apologies to Ken tile 
Overlord: I am ~orry I ever d ublcd 
your football wisdoll1. Bud dc.>Crvcd 
to win :lIld Bud Light wm.n·t fit [(J 
carry their boulocaps. f COUI~, if it 
hJdn't been for the highly 4ue.>lion-
able tactic of using u blimp. you know 
that Bud Light would h:lve emerged 
victoriou.>. A blimp? I mean really. 
11m'., ju~t poor tm.tc. 

With the Academy Award:, I~ 
[han fWO months away, it's lime to 
announce this year's nominccs for the 
Spot1ing Life Academy Award.>. the 
Stumps, named after the besl name in 
professional _port!, tump Menill. 
1llC nominees are: 

Alil'lls - The gripping tory of a 
b.1SCb.1.l1 team from outside th is 
.:ountry that ~teals away the national 
p:L,ttime. In Sm.katchcwan. no one can 
he:1f you scream. 

The Natural - Follow r kie 
~n~ltion haquille O'Neal' li.,t year 
in the BA. 

The jl'rk - TIle Marge hOlt 
~t ry . 

Forel'l!I' Young - Pablo Morales, 
after missing the 198 Olympic, 
returns to capture another gold medal. 

A Fell' Good Mell- An optimistic 
100" at the United States' Winter 
Olympics telUn. 

011'111'1'1' ru RUI/ - The plight of 
the AFC in Super Bowls. Previ usly 
released as TIl(' Silence of lire Lambs. 

Under Siege - Fay Vincent's 
fina l couple of lVeeks as commissioner 

fbaseb.111. 
Un/mgil'ell- Marv Levy and the 

Buffalo Bills face life after three 
consecutive Super Bowl losses. 
Coming soon. 

The CI),illg Game - Baseball' 
free agents try to deal with making 
only $4 million a year when they 

:L~ked for six. 
Marked/or Death - The sequel to 

Tile Crying GalliI' where the fans tell 
the free agents exa tly what they think 
of them. 

The U D GuareJjan Thursda , February 4, 1993 

Dan McDowell/Guard/Nt 
Matt Brega (5) and Matt Brigham (9) leap for the block against UCSB Tuesday night. UCSD lost 15-4, 15-6, 15-5 to the Gauchos. 

Gauchos Wrangle A Win 
MEN'S VOUEYBAL1: UCSD 
running in place as it drops a three-set 
match to UCSB, 154, l5-6, 15-5; 
Tritons now (}. 5 on the season 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The C D men' s volleyball team coulcln 't get out 
of neutrallm.t night. fal ling in three .>tmighl games to 
the visiting UCSB Gauchos, 15-4. 15-6, 15-5. 

The Trit ns struck first in the opening game, as 
Steve KreJ1l.>Cr pounded a kill to give UCSD a 1-0 
lead. AftCT that, however, it was all UCSB. Using 
~trOng jump serves by Amaury Velasco and kills by 
Jason Mount, the Gauchos were able to climb ahead 
in the fIrSt ganle, 9-2. 

Perfectly -placed kills 
coupled with fantastic defen.>e 
allowed UCSB to increases its 
already padded lead.11he mar-
gin grew to 10 points, 12-2. as 
the Gauchoscontinued their on-
laught with impeccablc pass-

ing. which ult inlately led to great 
sets and ki II . 

The Triton. down 14-2. 
appeared headed for a come-
back as Tom Black hit two 
successive spikes to cut the 
Gaucho Ie:ld to 14-4. 

That wa.c; as close as the Triton would come, 
unfonunately. as Vela.'iCo finished off the fIrSt game 
with a kill. 

UCSD came out much stronger in the second 
game. as the teams tmded kills. either team could 

Dan McDowell! Guardian 
Matt BrfIham pouncll a spike .,...t UCSB. 
score, imply because they couldn't conven serves. 

Then UCSB took charge, led by Mount. whose 
continued dominance in the middle gave the Gauchos 
a3"{) lead 

The Tritons used improved defense, namely a 
couple of Tyson Kerr blocks, to cut the Gaucho lead 
to 4-3. 

UCSB SUl'!;ed tlhead, once again using tip-overs 
that landed just inches away from Triton hands at-
tempting to dig. 

The lead grew to six points, 9-3, before Taylor 
Sm itlt checked into the game and promptly served up 

See VOLLEYBALL, Page 10 

The Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
IIASEBA"· UCSD opened its 

season with a 3-2 loss [0 
Chapman CoUege on Tuesday. 

Game wrap-up and season 
preview . .,..15 

wc.N'S BASKEIBALI.: 
The Tritons los! their l<Ah of the 

year, a 70-6 t se!back at home 
against La Verne Tuesday night. 

,...15 

The Headline Matchup: Men's basketball VI. UC Santa Cruz, Friday, 8 p.m., Main Gym 
Other Games: Women 's basketball vs. California Baptist. Friday at 6 p.m., Main Gym, and Saturday at Redlands. Men 's tennis at University of San Diego Tournament, Thursday-Sunday. Men 's 
volleyball at San Diego State for ASICS Tournament, Friday·Sunday. Men's baseball at CSU Los Angeles, Sunday. 

UCSD GUARDIAN. ART & ENTERTAI ME T • FEB R U A R Y 4, 1 9 9 3 

Th atr D partment present 
new ver ion of tw play 

tilllestwo 
I'll 1 C /I II t: I. 11. . (: /I If' ,I II T Z 

81:(',1011 ST,I" , · If IIITt:1I 

n 
fter a lengthy absence from 
UCSD, the Bard is back. and 
in abundance. Following on 
the hee ls of La Jolla 
Playhouse's "Much Ado 

About Nothing." the Theatre De-
partment is presenting back-to-back 
productions of "Romeo and luliet" 
and "Timon of Athens" on campus. 

Part of the Mainstageseries, these 
tragedies are directed by UCSD 
gmduatestudents in the professional 
theater training program. Both pro-
ductions will serve as Master of 
Fine Arts theses for their directors. 
Tom Quaintance and Matthew 
Wilder. 

" Romeo and Juliet" i~ a play that 
requires virtually no explanation. It 
is the quintessential display of the 
idealistic pas~ion of youth . While 
classical comedy virtually always 
ends with the triumph of youth over 
age and nuptial bonds, Romeo and 

See BARD, page H2 

Roger KuolGuardian 

HYPNOTIST SHOW REVIEW: H2 STORIES THROUGH OnlCE H7 



IlL\TU 2 The UC D Guardian Thursduy, February 4, 1993 

II1HTER --------
REVIEWS 

Hypnotist has 
experience 
but lacks 
charisma and 
audience rappor1 CLOSE 

YOURE s ... 
I f you closed your eyes and re-laxedduring hypnOlist Howard Morgan's recent perfomlance, 
there's a good chance you would 

have fallen asleep - not because 
Morgan was so mesmerizing, but 
because he wa~ so boring. Although 
"TIle Hypnotic Comedy of Howard 
Morgan," which recently opened at 
Tomato's Re tauram on Sports 
Arena Blvd .. features s me humor-
ous moments. the show is ultimately 
a disappointment. 

Morgan started doing illusion 
shows at a very young age and be-
came interested in hypnotism as a 
teenager. Unfonunately, his abiliry 
[or lack thereof] to execute a suc-
cessf ul show doe nor reflect his 
approximately 21 years of experi-
ence. 

MELJ S A J ACO B S 

STAFF "'RITER 

don 't explore. Whether or not we 
know it, we use it everyday. [It's] 
communicating with the subcon-
scious mind by tapping into the con-
trol center of the brain," Morgan said 
during an interview before hi per-
formance. 

Almost anyone can be hypno-
tized if they want to be, but Morgan 
was unsuccessful for most of the 
night - only two people out of three 
groups of volunteers actually went 
"under." He didn ' t spend enough 
time on the actual proce of hypno-
tizing the volunteers, and they kept 
getting up and leaving the stage when 
nothing happened. He al 0 failed to 
emphasize the two people who were 
actually hypnotized. 

- a screaming baby and the crash of 
dishes - didn't add to the atmo-
sphere either. 

Still, a few funny pans in the 
show . urvived the disappointing 
evening. One volunteer, convinced 
he was a Manian, believed he spoke 
extensively in " Martian language." 
The arne man al 0 thought at one 
point that he was Marilyn Monroe, 
and walked around the room sway-
ing his hips, giving autographs to 
audience members. Another volun-
teer on stage thought she was Prin-
cess Diana and refused to sign auto-
graphs "for commoners." 

Hypnotist Morgan demonstrates the abilities of the inner mind "[Hypnotism] is a completely 

The hypnotist's voice is a crucial 
part of the hypnOlizing proces ,and 
Morgan sounded neither mystical 
nor relaxing. The many distractions 

Every how i bound to vary 
because the volunteers differ in 
each audience. The month of Febru-
ary features a pecial for UCSD stu-
dents: ticket are $4, and the perfor-
mances begin at 8 p.m on Fridays. 
Formore information, call 226-2046. by swallowing a sword at the beginning of each show. natural tateofminclthatmostpeople 

BARD: A violent ver ion of 'Romeo and Juliet' and modernized 'Timon of Athens' 
Continued from page H 1 
Jul iet find themselves snuffed out 
instead a:- they meet a tragic end. 

Shake~pcare'~ " Romeo and 
J ulict" ha~ b.!en reworked as a ll1u~i ­
cal CWe~t ide Story") and has gone 

throughcountlcs~ reinc'lmations. but 
Shakc~peare did 110t create these 
chafllctcrs on hi~ own. Rather. he 
to k the story from an earlier ~ource 
and impr ved it. like so many others 
have uone throughout the hi~tory of 
theater. hakespeare used "The 
Tmgical\ Historye of Romeu and 
Juliet ," wriuen first in Italian by 
Bandell anu trans lated into 
"Englishe" by Anhur Broke in 1562. 
To funher compl icate malters. Broke 

tran~lated indirectly from a French 
translation of the original narrative 

poem. 
Shake~pcare'~dmmaticsensibili­

ties acc reve~\led not by what he 
copied. but by what he changed. 
The action in the play b ~hollened 
from nine months to one week. and 
Romeo kill s Tybalt in an accident 
instead of in a ducl. hakc~pcare 
raise;. the stake, further in the youth 
versus est[lblishment dilemma: 
Juliet, 18 in the original ~ource, is 
nearing her 14th binhday in the play. 

This tale of "star-crossed lovers" 
will feature Amy Scholl and David 
Harris as the title du . To focu on 
the story of the play. the ca~t is 
small. and many roles are being 
double-cast. Steve Rankin will serve 
as fight director t bring the play 
violently to life. 

Unlimited I I 
.Coples I I 
3.50 ea. I I I 

8.5 x 11 ·201 white I 
8utofeed or seH serve I 

with thIS coupon I 

There are large differences be-
tween the direction of "The Life of 
Tim n of Athen~" and "Romeo and 
Juliet." While "Romeo" will be 
staged in classical dress [lnd IOC[l-
tion, "Timon"i dre 'ed forthe ·90s. 
Featuring a cast of around 40 and 
relocated to a seedy, urban bar, the 
production should shan.er any ideas 
one may have of what Shakespeare 
is "supposed" to be. 

Critics have complained that this 
play is un-Shake pearean. not find-
ing in it the virtues of other classic 
such as "Macbeth" or "King Lear." 
Others. however, have aid that it 
makes the voices of Hamlet and 
Othello sound childish in it gmn-
deur. Photo by 

See BARD, page H6 David Harris and Amy Scholl star as Romeo and Juliet. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance. Heafth Plans 

Medi-Cal Aoceoted 
Visa, Master Card, DilCOver 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI 
(714) 851·1201 

/iil:7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

Thursday, F.,hnmry 4, 199a Th.· LJC 0 Gua rdiun III \HIS :1 

--------RL8UM-------
LOCAL 
MUSIC: 
Honey Glaze 

Inner Greed 
Fresh Baked 

The local band Honey Glaze has finally released its first albumon the independently-
financed label. Fresh Baked. Until 
now, their funky tunes have only 
been avai lable to live audiences at 
various local clubs. such as The 
Casb[lh. Bodies and Soma, and at 
occasional gigs in L.A. at Club Lin-

gerie and The Coconut Teaser. The 
band's music is energetic. bassy and 
interwoven with aggre~ ive guitar 
riff. 10 create an upbeat hurd-edged 
STy le. 

Gary Shu ftler.lead vocal ist. adds 
the wide mnge of his distinct i ve voice 
lothemusic. The fourmembers h[lve 
varying musical backgrounds with 
experience in punk. rock and rhythm 
and blues. The blending of these 
styles has resulted in a very unique 
sound which the group calls "groove 
rock: ' 

TIle lyrics of the songs mnge from 
discussions of the dilemmas of a 
capitalist society ("" Inner Greed'") 10 
suggestive innuendos ("Glazed"). 
The moods of the songs differ as 
well: "TIle Line" is a more mellow. 
contemplative tune while "Dragon 
Attack" is a rugged song in which 

UCSD Theatre 1992-93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Winter Productions 

....---, 

Romeo and Juliet 
by William Shakespeare 
February 3-5 at 8pm 
February 6 at 2pm & pm 
February 7 at 7pm 
Mandell Weis Forum 

SCJlPJ:J..[ 
by Moliere 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E TIMON OF ATHENS 

by William Shakespeare 
February 17-19 at 8pm 
February 20 at 2pm & 8pm 
February 21 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Theatre 

March 10- 12 at 8pm 
March 13 at 2pm & 8pm 
March 14 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

TICKETS ARE $6 FOR STUDENTS. 
GET 5 TICKETS FOR $20 

WITH TilE UCSD THEATRE CARD. 
CALL FOR DETAILS, 534-4574. 
Mandell Weiss Theatre Box Office 

L N· PARI TON 
• 

• BOSTON ~ 
Q UNIVERSITY > 
- LEARN HOW THE WORLD WORKS 0 ~ a Q Global InternshIps and < < Language/Liberal Arts Programs > 
:E • 
• CJ 
~ ~ 
loIJ tTj 
:E z 
< a 
-

~ 
Z t""4 tTj 
• • 

Q =z: ~ > 0 
-~ 'T.I > 

0 
• BEIJING • SYDNEY· MOSCOW • 
Name: 
Addms: 
City/State/Zip: _________________ _ 
Phone:( , Uni.ersity: ___________ 1 
FaU 0 Spring 0 Summer 0 19_ 
tnlemthIP l'rOgrams I.anguage I'Iograrm Summer I'IogIomo 
DLOOOOO o Grenoble o Lonc:JOn 
D Po" D Oxford D Modrid 
D Moscow D HoWo D Podovo 
OSyd""V DModrid 0 Paris 
Owosl1ington. DC D Podovo 0 Sydney 
Oee;ng D Ox1ord o Moscow 

........ to: 0 Niamey 0 ee..-.o 
IOIIoft Unlvenlly. DMoIon cI ~.le ... otlo .. cI "'ogromo Q.vOShington. DC 
232 loy Stole Rood, 101 Q. loI1on, MA 02215 Of col (61n 353· .... 

RE~EWS 

Honey Glaze, left to right: Josh Higgins-Bass, Gary Shuffler-
Vocals, David Kopier-Drums, Mike Abdelnour-Guitar 

Mike Alxlelnour. the gllitari,t. \ho\V~ 
olT hi~ mu~ical ability. 

Ithollgh the song~ are I,ell COil· 
~trucled. this recording fail, to cap-
ture the ~pontaneous energy during 
their live pcrfoml;.II1ces. A few of the 
songs sound forced and ullnaturul 
when compared to Ihe vigor that 
emu nates from thei r live appearum:c~ . 
Since th is recording \\las financed by 
the group itse lf. th~ inability to cap· 
ture their true e~~ence i, probably 
due to insufficient technological 
t't)uipmcnt. Neverthelt'~~. the ,on!,!, 
relain the same intriguing voca l ~atld 
eng:lging beat. Ilonc) GlaLe will 
make a final ap(,earallceon Saturday 
at Club lloO in Pacific Beach bdorr 
they head up to nOl1hel11 California 
to begin a tour. Expect an exci ting 
perf0ll11anCe and a big slam pit. 

- Karen Gallon 

23 year old Robert Rodriguez has done the 
impossible: written and directed a terrific action/ 
adventure film for S7,500, acquired repre· 
sentation at ICM and secured a development/ 
production deal with Columbia Motion Pictures . 
EI Mariachi is a unique thriller set in a futuristic 
border lown in Mexico. Will EI Mariachi urvive? 
In Person: Robert Rodriguez INTERNATIONAL STYLE 1993 UCSD 



IIIAT .4 T he UC 0 Guardian Thurslluy, Ft>brullry 4, 1993 

U PC 0 Mil G 
through aturday. 2 p.m. and 7 
p.m. Sund"ys. Ticket~ are $17-
$32. Info: 278-TIX . 

TOO R Y 
Leon Russel . bluesman. 
soulman und the guy wilh a big 
white beard. will play at th 
Belly p Tavern in lana 
Beach with ~pecial gue!>1 the 
Robby Krieger Banet The 
show starts ul 8:30 p.m. Info: 
481-8 140. 

Saralinaplays in the Price Cen-
ler Theater at 6:30,9 and I 1:30 
p.m. Tkkels are 2. $1 in ad-
vance. Info: 534-6467. 

fRIO HY 
The CWD Polilical Film c-
ries pre~ellls Global Dump-
ing Ground al 7 p.m. in oli~ 
Hall 107. Admi"ionl~ free. 

SRTUROHV 
Mardi Gras Galore. cel-
ebrali ng the music of ew Or-

Iean~. presents Ihe Rebirth 
Brass Band and Beau-
soleil with Michael 
Doucet at 8 p.m. in the Price 
Center Ballroom. In 0: 534-
4090. 

Izzy Stradlin and the Ju 
Ju Hounds play~ ill Iguanas 
in Tijuana wilh special gue t 
My Little Funhouse. how 
starts at !!:30 p.m. Tickets are 

$15 in advance and $18 on the 
dayoftheshow. lnfo:278-TlXS. 

Honey Glaze, wi lh gue ts A 
Miniture and Creedle. plays 
at Club 860 in Pacific Beach at 
8:30 p.m. Tickets nre $7. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

SUNDRY 
The Stephen Birch Aquarium-
Mu:-.eum offers Whale Watch-
ing Cruises. Calch Ihe tirst 
crui\e al 9 a.m .. the ~ec nd de-
part, al I I :30 a.m. The cost is 
$15, advance re ervation arc 
required. InC: 274-7767 

TUESOHY 
The American premiere of 
Swonlsmanin OoubIeFlag 
Town. a Chine~ ~atireof Kung 
Fu m vies, will be presented as 
part of the Int ernational 

ryleFilm Feslival at Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.m. TickelS for 
studenls are $4. bUI a ~Iudelll 
pass to Ihe fes ti v,l l is $25. Info: 
534-6467. 

Dangerous Liaisons play. 

at Ihe Price Center Theatre at 8 
p.m. and 10:30 p.m. Tickets are 
$1 in advance. $2 day of show. 
Info: 534-6467. 

WEONESORY 
Self-proclaimed asshole Den-
nis Leary will perl'orm his 
acerbic stand-up comedy in the 
Copley Symphony Hall in down-
town San Diego at 7:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $ 18 in advance. 20 
at the door. In fo: 278-TIXS 

The American Indian Dance 
Theatre will pre. ent a tradi-
lional Native American dan e 
performance in Ihe Mandeville 

uditorium at p.m. Tickets are 
$ 14-16 for students, $ 18-20 for 
general admission. Info: 534-
4090. 

THE R T E R 
San Diego Repertory: "The 

Latin~ nonymous Lifetime 
Achievement Awards" will be 
pe rformed Ihrough Feb. 6. 

··L.A.L.A.A:· is a salire thaI e1>-
plores the way the media pro-
motes tereotypesof Latinos. Per-
formance are Tuesday through 
Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday. at 
2 and 7 p.m. Tickets range from 

19 10 $24. Info: 235-8025. 

North Coast Repertory The-
atre: 'The Immigrant:' Mark 
Harelik's tribule to his grandfa-
ther. continues through Feb. 13. 
The play i~ about a young Jewi~h 
immigrant in Texas. Perfoml-
ance are at p.m. Thursday 
Ihrough Saturday and al 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets range 
from I to 14. Info: 481-1055. 

Mandell Weiss Forum: Wil-
liam Shakespeare\ "Romeo and 
Juliet." directed by Tom 
Quaintance, will conlinue through 
Feb. 7. howtime are Thursday 
and Friday at 8 p.m .. Saturday at 2 
and 8 p.m. and Sunday ill 7 p.m. 
Studenl lickets are $6. In fo: 534-
3793. 

Spreckels Theatre: "Grease," 
the musical that celebmtes leen 
life in lhe '50s, runs through Feb. 
2 1 as pan of the San Diego Civic 
Light Opera's Broadway Series. 
Shows arc at 8 p.m. Tuesday 

GRLLERIES 
Mandeville Gallery: "Con-
ceptual Sculplure: Body and 
Soul." featuring the ~culpture 
work of Brenl Riggs. Daniel 
Wheeler and Lari ssa Wilson 
through March 7. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Sunday. 
noon 10 5 p.m. Free. Info: 534-
2864. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sterba}.:: tates of 
Being" isondisplay umil Feb. 28. 
The mu eum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from IOa.m. 105 
p.m. and Wedne~day IOa.m. t09 
p.m. Admis ion i, $2. Info: 454-
3541. 

Grove Gallery: "New Terri-
lory: The Vielnamese Artist 
Project Begins" is on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tue~day through Friday 
from 10 a.m. 105 p.m. and Satur-
day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Free. 
Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: " Perfec t Moments on 
Planet Earth." an exhibitcelebrat-
ing the Museum's 10th anniver-
sary. continues through March 
14. The exhibit features 180 pho-
tos from over 100 photographers. 
The museum is open daily from 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $3. 
Info: 239-5262. 

TOP frVE RERSONS WHY YOU SHOULD WRIT[ FOR HIATUS If you can think up actual reasons, then you should already be writing for us. Call 534-6583. 

BEING-FIT® AEROBICS r 

8:00·9:00 

$20 per month on a monthly basis .No Initiation Fee (with this ad) 
• Free weights . Nautilus . Lifecycles • Stairmasters 

BEING-FIT® 3968 Clalremonl Meso Blvd .• Clairemonl Square Shopping Cenler near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear 483-9294 
also Iocafed near SOSU (698·17(12) 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL lO-oz. $1 00 microbrewed 
beers 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas 
in the Brewery 
Dining Room $500 

4475 Mission Blvd. 274 ALES 
comer of Mission & Gamet • 

eaCoast Square • Free parking in rear 

VALENTINE PERSONAL ADS 
Come up to the Guardian oNice, scream at a few editors, and then sit down to write your loved one a Valentine personal ad! These ads usually cost 
$1 per 15 words however, we'll let you ramble on for 30 words for just $1. Your outpourings will appear in the center spread of the Feb. 11 Issue 

Thursday, Ft'bmary 4, 1993 The UC 0 Guul·dian 1\ LA TU 5 

- ..... ------HLBUM-------

Ned's 
Atomic 
Dustbin 

Are You Normal? 

Sony Music 

Are YOII Normal? the new release from Ned' Atomic Dustbin, doesn't stray too 
far from the mark set by lheir last 

album. God Fodder. The tracks are 
very listenable, although the band 
doesn't have the depth that it cap-
tured with it debut. Nevertheles . 
fans of the band'. work to date will 
probably still enjoy the th ick walls 
of guitar that it builds on every 
track. 

The ongs all have characteri ti-
cally cool beginning that pull you 
into the mus ic, followed by intere l-
ing verses. Unfortunately. they die 
right about there. killed by termi-
nally stupid choruses. This weak-
ness is cryslalized quite well on the 
econd track, "Walking Through 

Syrup." A cool guitar riff stans the 
song off at a good pace, the drums 
and bass continue the trend, and the 
listener is soon lulled into a false 
sense of security as the song crashes 
and bums when the unfortunatecho-
rus airs. 

On track uch as "Suave and 
Suffocated" and "Two and Two 
Made Five," the vocal hannonies 
are nicely strange but for the most 
pan uninspi red (they sound like poor 
Wonderstuffimpersonations). Stili, 
the album is fairly fun to listen to-
the rhythms set a nice groove, the 
bass and guitars move fast and the 
distinctive youthful vocals, though 
lacking energy, work well with the 
other instruments. 

Ned's devotees should recog-
nize the band's familiar style in this 
album, and they will probably en-
joy ilscomparatively raw tones. Un-
initiated listeners, however, should 
probably look to their first album 
for Ned's better executed coolness. 

- Rene Bruckner 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday-Thurnlay 6 am- I I pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnighl 

, Salurday 7:30 .m.midnighl 
• Sunday 8 am· I I pm 

r-------, 

Any Cappuccino, 
Mocha, or 

Frosted Mocha 
One ~ c-u lomtr cap. 311.193. 

-------

REVIEWS 

Jell KatzlEpoc REIOOIds 
The The, left to right: Dave Palmer, MaH JohfIson, James Eller, Johnny Marr 

The The 
T he The singer Mall Johnson has one of those deep, bellow Dusk playing. The first si ngle. "Dogs of Lust," is a hard-hil-ling rock number on which 
ing voices thaI draws com-
parisons to ex-Bauhaus vo-
calist Peter Murphy or Ihe 

Sony Music John on rages aboul his two 
obse sion : lusland loncline~s. 

late Ian Cunis of the now defunct Joy Division. 
which emerged from the same milieu in post-
punk England. 

Formed in the early '80s, The The has al-
ways relea ed engaging album, but the time 
span between releases has been inconsistent. 
It 's been four years since Mind Bomb, its last 
album. Like Mind Bomb, Dusk is musically 
sound, and Johnson's brooding is the only thing 
keeping the band from moving on to greatness. 

The best songs on Dusk are the upbeat ones 
which fonner Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr 
fuels with his rhythmic guitar and harmonic 

"Slow Emotion Replay" is also 
given a Smiths-like melody by Marr. 

There are, however. a few lulls on the album. 
On the songs " Lung Shadows" and "Bluer than 
Midnight" Johnson ponders too heavily over his 
need for human companionship (read: sex). 

The final track, "Lonely Planel," preaches 
platitudes like "If you can't change the world! 
Change yourself." The sun appears to be setting 
on Johnson 's world and he unfortunately sees 
himself as the Atlas of rock music-fated to bear 
the burden oflife's miserie and burden listeners 
with his brooding. 

- Jeff Niese! 

Daniel Ash 
Foolish Thing 

Desire 

Beggars Banquet/Columbia 

APparently. Daniel shblry-ing 10 pUI Ihe mystery bad, inlo rock 'n' roll. In hi ~ 
late~1 ~oloerrort. however. hi~ my,-
tery se~ms 10 have fallen a~kep. I li ~ 
new album is Foolish Tllillg Desil c. 
and Ihe fonner Bauhaus. Tones on 
Tail and Love and Rocket~ gui!ari ~ t 
ha\ come 10 a new conclu~ion : life 
can be fUll. lie ha~ I-o .. itilhe albulll i., 
"c:-.,cnlially pol-oltive." It'~ true Ihat 
in Ih.: pa~1 Ash's l11u.,ic ha, Io~ndel! 
IOwaI'd Ihe ,trange and ~ol11ber. but 
with Ihb new bat(;h of :-.ong~ he has 
movt'd (carefully) illlo the n:alm of 
the :-.trange and bli,~ ful. 

" I don'tthink Ihal I (;an get 100 
much higher Ihan Ihi," are Ihe tip,t 
words of Ihe firsl song. " Ilere She 

OIllCS." selling a musical lone Ihat 
A,h h", trouble living up 10 for Ihe 
n:st oflhe album. He , lip,., progn:,-
,i vely downward from there. 
whether he's playing happy hyp-
notic songs like "Dream Ma!.:hinc" 
and "I ligher Than This" or f;lIling 
into unfortunatc statcs of upbeal le-
clium on "Get Out of Control" and 
"Roll On." The title lrack is one of 
the album's prettier and more inter-
esting bores. a fl owing barrage of 
sadness about "a love affair Ihat's 
gone wrong because of temptation." 
It seems Ihar most of the songs are 
ahoU! giving in to one's desires and 
facing Ihe l:onscquences: in "The 
Hedonist," Ash wams. "You reap 
what you sow /It's just a nalur.ll 
fact.'· 

The new Daniel Ash is charac-
terized by a sharpened sound and an 
elTon 10 focus on pleasure ralher 
than doom. His best moments come 
from Ihe lillie aches and pains thaI 
go so well with his voice and mu~i­
cal style. Trying 10 hide them be-
hind hip,calchy guitar riffs and les~­
than-heartfelt lyrics leave., his al-
bum with something to be desired. 

- Rene Bruckner 

The World's Greatest Cajun Band & the New Orleans Street Jazz of 
at? 0 ~ III 0 

FEBRUARY 6 • SAT. • 8PM • PRICE CENTER 
pr.Elc:ntcd by 
UCSD UNIVERSITY UCSD BOX OFFICE· 534-6467 
EVENTS OffiCE & MUSIC D EPT. 



IIIATU 6 

BARD: Sick society portrayed 
Continued from page H2 

"Timon" is a ponrayal of a dis-
e<e>ed sociery. Timon, a genlleman 
of Al hen~, gives away his fonune to 
anyone who asks for a ponion of it. 
He believes Ihat lhe borrowers would 

- do Ihe same thing for him ifhe were 
in Iheir shoes. Fate has its way, and 
Timon becomes disillusioned wi lh 
mankind. His fury is tremendous, 
and Timon must de ide whether to 
continue living in acorrupt world or 
withdraw from it entire ly. 

While quibble~ can be made 
about the plot (Shakespeare may 
not have fini~hed the text), hi~ useof 
the English language is as witty a~ 
ever. When life bee mes a di sgust-
ing illne~s to Tim n, he pours out 
Ihe billemes, of his ,oul a~ he longs 
for death. Wilder. di rec lor of Ia.\t 
year', produ Ii n "Doctor Fauslu, 

Light~ the Lights." is i ntenl on bring-
ing to focu~ not only the dilemma 
that Timon (ponrayed by Will War-
ren) faces, but the conlrastS of pro-
\aic and eonversalional language 
Ihar Timon employs. 

een In conjunction with each 

olher, these two productions will 
provide a vivid ex runpleofwhat has 
made Shakespeare arguably the 
world ' most popular playwright. 
Four hundred years afterthe genesi 
of these plays, whether done in 
modem all itudeorperiod dress, both 
the "masterpiec::es" and the rest of 
Shakepeare's canon continue to in-
spire audiences worldwide. 

The truth of rhe mailer i that 
whi le clothing and architectu re may 
change over the centuries, the hu-
man condition ha. remained exactly 
the srune. TIle understanding that 
the Bard had of what it means to be 
alive and suffer is unmarched; until 
it i" his tragedies will be played 
again and again. 

"Romeoand Juliet"plays Friday 
al 8 p.m .. Saturday at 2 and 7 p.m. 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. inlhe Mandell 
Weiss Forum. 

"Timon of Alhens" plays Feb. 
17- 19 at8 p.m .. Feb. 20 at 2 and 8 
p.m., and Feb. 21 at 7 p.m. in the 
Mandell Wei,s Theatre. Prices for 
both plays are $6 for students. For 
more II1fomlation. call 534-4574. 

La Jolla Zoo & Teddy Bear Express 
AFFORDABLE STUFFED ANIMALS 

Ship UPS NallonWI<le 
Open] <lays 1298 Prospect Street. 2B 

Coast Walk, Mid Level 
) 

La Jolla - /;~0 456-1412 ~Q) ValiOOled Parking GUND J:\'I ~~ . .1 10% Off Valentine items with this ad. ( _ ~. i " Offer good untO/l4/93 Not valid with anv other 
• L J v ' otter Owned by UCSD olunYll .. •••• .- CSO ESCORT 534·WALK ....... 

6:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.l11 .. 7 day a week. Be Safe , D OIl'/ IVall.: Alone! 

PAUL TAYLOR 
DANCE COMPlWY 

"Dn~ of th, mOlt ~Iciting. innovltf;'~. Ind d~'ightfrJ' dine, compnill in til, 'ntin world." 1Ir.N.,. r .... " 

FEBRUARY 26 & 28 

pre •• nted by 
UCSD 

FRIDAY & SUNDAY. 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS $15· G.A. $25 

FAC/STAFF/SR.CIT. $22 ~~~ 
UCSD Box OFFICE: -•. -=-::;.; .. =~.;.=--.: UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 534-6467 .u~~,'!~7.,!,IXS 

Thursday, February 4,1993 

The Jazz Unlimited Dance Company, the only profes-ional jazz company in San 
Diego, will open its season with a 

new look and company of dancers. 
The company will premiere several 
pieces Friday through Sunday at 
the City College Theater. 

Although in the past the com-
pany had focu ed primarily on 
modem dance, founder Patricia 
Rincon explained during a recent 
interview that the company now 
incorporates other elements in ad-
dition to dance in its performances. 

"Now, we are mixing Broad-
way, Latin. modem and contempo-
rary fonn of jazz in a fresh new 
way," Rincon said. She fonned the 
company in 1981 and has been a 
professor of Dance in Theatre at 
UCSD for 17 years. 

Tony Caligagan is back with the 
company as the new associate cho-
reographer and a principal dancer 
after a period of working in New 
York withJerorneRobbins' Broad-
way company and touring Europe. 

The UC D Cuardian IILAT 7 

• dancestor"les plore ' relationships of human con-tact. Associate Choreographer Alicia Rincon will premi~re "U rban 
Jungle:' which she de~cribes a~ a 
work "which explores women in a 
world of harsh realities." he will 
also perl'onn "Games." a piece she 

suy~ is "a sextet about male bonding 
and friendship." 

Fusion of jazz, modem, 
Latin, and Broadway dance 

explores human relationships 

MfiLI SA J ACOBS 
STAI'F WRlnH 

CaJigagan will premiere "Untitled," 
an "ensemble musical theater work 
which takes place in a Latin club" 
and a duel combining Latin ball-
room dancing and theater drama. 

Artistic Director Patricia Rincon 
will premiere "You Make Me Feel 
So .. . ," in which four dancers per-
fonn to music by composer Peri 
Mackintosh. She will also perform 
"Exit," an ensemble piece that ex-

Dancers 
Stacy 

Scardino 
and Tony 
Caligagan 

perform 
Feb.S, 

6 and 7. 

Rincon . ees her dance company 
as more thanjust a fOllllOfan-she 
hopes to be able to rea lly communi-
Cale wi th her audience. "lAs danc-
ers l, our bodies tr.mslate the spoken 
word into movement. Through 
movement , staging and the perfoml-
ers, ultimately the audience will 
understand [the stories and emo-
tions of tile pieces J." Rincon said. " I 
Ih ink it 's going to be a great show," 

The perfonnance are scheduled 
for Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday HI 2 and 7 p.m. in the 
Ci ty College Theater on Twelflh 
Avenue in San Diego. Ticket prices 
are$ IO for students. For more infor-
mation, ca ll 632-5340. 

~\~-SUM CAlf' ~ ~fL~, 
1ST ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL! 
You buy a combo-plate, FREE 
we'll buy you an 
additional choice for ... 

Served 011 'he SOIll(' fI/o/e . 01/1' COl/flOIl per cllstomer. Expires Feb. 28 

," , ~e~ :_~ Ch~Le;''/J('''J'~ 
c Dinner ~ 
':'" 

l--D""':ow:::"'n-tb-e-h-m-f-ro-m---1 $395 l---l1-as-te-th-e-B-e~st--:-!-t 
535-1668 UTC ... Near Rubios in the RENAISSANCE CENTER 

8935 Towne Centre Drive TeU YOU!' Friends! 

-



liB IIIAT .' TIlt' C ' J) GUaJ'dillll 

Valentines Day 
Personal Ads!! 

Don't be a heartbreaker! . 
orne on up the stair t the lovely Guardian offices, grab a CI~ 1-

tied ad fonn, lump down on one of our fluffy sofa s, ,and explam 
away your true feelings to your Valentine and the entire UCSD 
campus, 

. 00 
For personals in the Feb. 1 \ Valentine i sue, your co t wi 1\ only be $1.00 
for 30 word (instead of the u ua\ 15 word) After the first 30 word, 
you'll pay $1 .00 for each additional 15 words. 

: ..... 

the Sunshin'e 
'Store ,,(534-2875) 
& Revelle Sundry 
Store (534-2035) 

HP calculators for 
Science and Engineering 

IIP20S 
Scientific Calculator. 

A program library to solve your 
challenging problems . 

lIP 32S11 

IIP42S 
Advanced Scien-
tific Calculator. 
The engineer's 
best bet for 
matrix rna tho 

RPN Scientific Calculator. 

~~ Available at: 

Solve application and 
formu la evaluation. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
=~ ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534-4320 


