
Elsewhere 
NSF Director Chosen 
for UC ProYost 
OAKLAND - UC President 
Jack Peltason has recom-
mended National Science 
Foundation Director Walter 
Mas ey for the po t of enior 
vice-president and provo t for 
the University of California. 
Massey will be up for approval 
by the UC Board of Regents at 
its Feb. 18 meeting at UC San 
Franscisco. If Ma sey assume 
the po t April I. he would lead 
development of academic and 
re earch policy and supervi e 
university planning and budget 
mailers. "He is an outstanding 
scienti t, a di tinguished 
educator and a skillful admin-
istrator with exten ive experi-
ence," Peltason aid. 

Professor Accused 
Of Discrimination 
BERKELEY - Legally deaf 
UCB senior Nicole Montalvo 
had to drop a Latin American 
studie class becau e of 
difficulties with her history 
profe sor. Montalvo aid she 
had no choice but to get up and 
leave because of "unbelievable 
di crimination" on the part of 
Linda Lewin, the cour e 
instructor. Lewin was repeat-
edly rude to the university 
interpreter, Karen Diane, whos; 
job it was to interpret Lewin's 
lecture to Montalvo. Mo t of 
the students were surprised by 
Lewin's action. Letters were 
ent to different department 

about accomodating the needs 
of students with disabilities. 

UCR Not.taking 
Procedure. CrHlclzed 
RIVERSIDE - Faculty 
members at UCR have accused 
Ditto Notetaking, the campus 
notetaking service, of publish-
ing lecture notes without their 
permission. Also criticized 
were the accuracy of the notes, 
as well as the qualifications of 
the notetakers. ASUCR 
President Eric McDennott 
apologized for failing to obtain 
faculty approval. 

Inside 

UNITY 
SPECTACLE: Club works 
to build community among 
black science tudents. 51 

SPORTS: Men's baseball 
split a double header in their 
home opener on Saturday. 18 

Index 
UCSD 8RJEFS ........................ 2 
UGHTS & lREN ................. 3 
OPINION .............................. 4 

PECTACLE ........................ SI 
CLA (flED ...................... 12 
PORT .............................. 16 

T H E u 

UC AN DIEGO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1993 

McDowell! GU8Id,dfl 
ThIs unlucky car had Its tires punctured In Lot 306, near the International Studies 
building, late Wednesday night. 

Vehicles Vandalized In TIre 
Slashing Spree Last Week 
CRIME: Police baffled by rash of 
slashings. Police estimate that over 
100 vehicles have been hit 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Students found themselves deflated by more 
than just midtenn last week as a rash of car tire 
slashings cut further into the spirits of weary test 
takers. 

According to UCSD Police Detective Doug 
O'Dell, 43 people had reported their tires punc-
tured as of Friday afternoon. He added that 
unofficial estimates are that at least twice that 
many cars have been vandalized. 

The slashings apparently occurred between 
midnight Wednesday and 2 a.m. Thursday, ac-
cording O'Dell. 

The incidents occurred in at least five differ-
ent parking lots, but primarily in lot 502 near the 
Warren Apartments, according to the police 
reports. Other lots reported hit were 701 , 406, 
306 and 208. 

There is no investigation into the crimes 
because police "really don't have any idea what 
we would be looking for .. . there is nothing to 
investigate ... no leads or anything [else] to go 
on," O'Dell said. 

O'Dell aid that the police and Community 
Security Officers (CSOs) are watching parking 
lots more carefully, but no additional security 
measures have been instituted. 

He added that watching for someone punc-
turing tire is not an easy task. 

"With so many cars ... it's not unusual to see 
foot traffic through those parking lots," he aid. 
"How long would it take to puncture a tire?" 

Section 594 of the California penal code 
states that the penalty for slashing of tires onjust 
onecarrangeuptosix months injaiJ anda$I ,OOO 
fine, as well as restitution for damage. 

If a single person can be linked to all 43 car 
tire slashings, penalties may be as high as one 
year in county jail, a $1 0,000 fine and restitution, 
according to O'Dell. 

O'Dell encourage:; all students affected by 
the slashing to report the incident because "in the 
police business, if an incident is not reported, it 
didn' t happen." He added that anyone of the 
reports may give a piece of information that 
could help solve the case. 

At the very least people should report the 
incidents because patrol routes, number of offic-
ers and other decisions are based on crime rates, 
so they will be influenced by a victim's report, he 
said. 

UE J3 

University of New 
Mexico, UCSD 
Open Exchange 
LOS ALAMOS: Program will 
allow undergraduate to tudy in 
both the science and humanitie 
By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

UCSD and the Universi ty of ew Mexico 
recently appro ed a new exchange program for 
undergraduates enrolled at the two in~ t i t Ulion~. 

U SD students. primari Iy jun ior.,. can spend 
the fall seme~terat the nivcr,ityofNew Mexico 
(UNM l. Los lamos. The program. admll1i~­
tered through Revelle ollege. will lI1c1ude 
Oppol111nitie~ III ... cience. engineering and social 
sciences. Re~earch po~ i t iolls will be available at 
the Lo!> Alamos National La ralOry. one of the 
three Department of Energy Llboratories man-
aged by the University of alifomia. 

" I think this is an excellent opportunity for 
our students because many of the courses of-
fered aren't heavy on theory. but will provide 
excellent pmctical experience." said Revelle 
College Provost Thomas Bond. 

"Science and engineering students will be 
attracted by the (Los Alamos I lab, and arts and 
humanities students will be attracted by the 
location and unique [l:ulturul tradition!>] that 
exist there." 

The progmm has been initialed largely be-
cause of the effortsofProfes!>or Jehanne Teilhel-
Fisk. a UCSD cultural and art hi. lorian. 

Teilhet-Fisk also spearheaded one of the 
more original features of the progmm', a special 
clas. that focuses on the art culture and hi . tory 
of the northern New Mexico region. 

The cia. s includes special visits to archaeo-
logical digs and trips to view Native American 
ceremonies. 

Teilhet-Fisk also said that humanities ma-
jors would probably benefit most from a fall 
quarter exchange because the fall sea on is an 
exciting time when many traditional rituals 
take place. 

Students from UNM will be eligible to 
attend UCSD during the winter and spring 
quarters. "I am looking forward to seeing more 
Hi panic and Native American students on our 
campus," Bond said. 

"This [exchange program will] be mutually 
beneficial, in that it will increase our knowl-
edge and it also would open up our eyes to 
cultures very different than ourown," headded. 

An information meeting on the program is 
scheduled today at 4p.m. in the Revelle Fonnal 
Lounge, and Feb. 23 at 6:30 p.m. in the Berke-
ley Room of the Price Center. Student from 
UNM will be available to answer questions. 

Fraternity's Suspension Prompts Questions About IFe Procedures 
By Philip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 
and Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

After the suspension of the Pi 
Kappa Phi fraternity was upheld at 
a special meeting of the Interfrater-
nity Council (IFC) on Jan. 20, mem-
bers of the fraternity have been 
highly critical of [FC bylaws and 
leadership. 

Pi Kappa Phi President Andy 
Chapman has charged that the cur-
rent IFe bylaws are faulty, giving 

too much power to a handful of 
individuals. According to Chapman. 
this has fo tered rivalries within the 
Greek sy tern which have singledout 
larger fratemitie for puni hment. 
Thecriticisms have stimulated much 
debate and concern within the Greek 
sy tern at UCSD. 

Phi Kappa Phi was suspended 
last quarter for violating the IFC's 
"dry-rush" policy that bans alcohol 
from all ru h events. An accusation 
in an anonymous letter to Student 
Affairs Officer Paul DeWine and 

fFC Vice President ofCommunica-
tions Jason Cannava claimed that 
certain members of Phi Kappa Phi 
brought alcohol on a harbor crui e 
rush event. 

The IFC had charged that frater-
nity members and ru hee had ac-
cess to alcohol before boarding the 
boat. which, according to IFC Head 
Judiciary Steve Moawad. con titutes 
a violation of IFC policy. 

Pi Kappa Phi ' main grounds for 
appeal were what exactly consti-
tuted a rush event, and whether or 

not activities before a rush event 
were included. According to the 
Judicial Board, witnesses testified 
that there was alcohol present at the 
parking lot and dock leading up to 
the cruise, which would qualify as 
part of the actual "rush event." 

As a result of the uspension, the 
quality of leadership and the struc-
ture of the bylaw were called into 
que tion by Chapman and the other 
members of Pi Kappa Phi. Immedi-
ately following the Jan. 20 hearing. 

See IFe, Page 3 



2 Nf;W 

Educators Lecture On 
Women's Societal Roles 
FORUM: Ehrenreich, Martinez examine popular irn-
pre sian about "nannygate" and other gender i ue. 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Tackling women'~ i~uesa:. fre~h 
as today's headlines, noted authors 
and educators Barbara Ehrenreich 
and Elizabeth Maninez addressed 
questions of race. class and gender 
in America in the 1990s at UCSD 
Friday night. 

1'1 a lecture en-
titled" ender and 
C1a~s: Family and/ 
or Profes~ ion?" 
Martinez and 
Ehrenreidl ad-

Maninez pointed 10 U.S. aid 10 the 
dictatorship in EI Salvador a.~ one 
reason why immigmnt:. c ntinue to 
pour into the country. having been 
forced to nee their native land~ . The 
Uni ted States is in fact encouraging 
illegal immigr • .uion by mean~of"for­
eign aid." 

"The taxpaye~ arc indire tly 
funding the oppres-
~ i ve regi me and 
then we get mad 
because they're 
here." she ~aid. 

Martinez added 
that she doe n't 
think the new 
dre~~ed i~~ue~ of 
r.tce. c1as~ and gen-
der appl y to women 
at home and in the 
workplace. They 
abo di~cus~ed con-
trover\ial matter~ 

~uch a~ feminbm. 
Lon M'tchell/Guard,an 

Barbara Ehrenreich 

linton administra-
tion will sin erely 
work 10 improve the 
immigmm situat ion 
and fun her empha-

~i£ed that people 
~ex u;tl h;tr;L,~ment. 
abortion right~ and comparable 
wOllh. 

Manlnez 'l)Ccitically addres~ed 
the rece11l controversy surrounding 
the nominations and subescqucnt 
withdrawalsofz.oe Bairdand Kimba 
Wood to the oflice of .S. Attomey 
General. Focu\lIlg on what ~he af-
fecllonately nicknamed" anny-
gate." Manina explored and veri-
tied some of the iS1.ue~ and prob-
kms faced by imm igrant women 

worker~. ehpecially Latina~. how 
they are exploited in low \ agc job~ 
and ho\ their ~ervitude is in many 
way~ comparable to slavery. 

"There are unspeakable living 
I:ond itions facing undocumented 
worker,. ann),gate i, a classic case 
of puhl ic opinion going berserk over 
a peccadillo and ignuring deeper 
I\\UCS"· ,he ,;tid. 

Accoruing to Maninel. the big-
g,c,t problem i, overcoming Ihe 
myths and stereotype, stt11"ollnuing 
immig,mm,>. ~lIeh as the notion that 
they takc jobs away from American 

\\Iorkc~. ~uck up tax dollars and 
dleat on welfare .lIld other govelll-
ment progml11s. 

··The labor market is 110t like a 
ferris wheel with a certain number 
of seats in it. If all the immigrants 
went home today. most jobs that 
they held would not revert back to 
U.S. workers." Martinez aid. 

The myth that illegal or undocu-
mented immigr.mts are a burden on 
the economy is probably the biggest 
of them all. Martinez explained. 
"According to current statistics. 
immigrants pumped$5 billion more 
in Califomia's economy than Ithey 
lOok outJ." 

The iuea that the United States is 
making a concened effort to keep 
immigrants out of the country is 
another myth. Martinez said. 

h;lve to work t -
get her to a hieve ju,t wages for all 
without barriers of race. class or 
gender. 

" /t ' ll be a step 10 bring citizens 
and non-citizens together to fight 
forequal wage~ foreverybody."she 
~aid . 

Ehrenreich initially pmi,ed the 
recent change, made by the "second 
wave" offeminbm in the 1960s and 
'70s. tre~;,ingthepositiveadvances. 
e,pecially new go emment policie~ 
addre;"ing ;,e;..ual har.l,sment and 
the breaking down of upational 
barriers in profe,;,ional, hools and 
administmtions. 

But. ,he ~aid. cven those ad-
vance;, were not enough. "What we 
ace mplbhed ~hould not be put 
down. but it \ as not the revolution. 
There ' '> a lot more to do." ~he ,aid. 

One i,~ue that Ehrenreich doe, 
not thin" will be wholly resolved i, 
abol1iorl . .. 'ven with the linton 
administration. the :.tates can put 
down any restriction they want. 
Abortion will become an economic 
privilege:' ~he said. 

Ehrenreich al. 0 addres~ed how 
poverty and welfare relate to race, 
class and gender and how women of 
color are victims of all th ree. 

"Every rnuther is a working 
mother. Ra ising chi ldren on your 
own is hard work . espec ially if you 
live in a poor neighborhood." she 
said. 

Ehrenreich emphasized that 
change needs to come from wi thin 
the sy tem. meaning that ex i ting 
institutions need to change. as op-
posed to forcing people to assimilate. 

"We need a renewed vision of 
what it is weare trying to aehieve so 
all humans can live equitably." she 
concluded. 

The lecture was the second in the 
Price Public Affairs Forum series. 

The UC D Cuunlian TllesdllY, F.>hmury 16 , 199:! 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Waner on 

tf MIlST" B£ A FAUf'" 
AMG~L~ G£'~E~i ~~ 
SJR~ liP 11'\ ntt AWO~NtR(. 
B\lf nilS CNot: API''''REHi\.i 

! ~"'~ll.E.D ON I""PACT". t LE"'~I~G nilS ~<:.l\. · S"AI'£P 
~ CRAn.~ 1\-I1\\E ~O'f.l' 

f j1/tL' 

srAA~( 1\ll'-T 
l\\£.Q£ 'NO'Jl\) 
B£. 9:l MMl~ 
11-\ '5\)51£"5 
rRoo, i"'~t>. ~I=--~~_ 

~!9 ~======~ --~~~~~~~~====~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Il\Jf TII£ 'tiM I LOOC 1\"\ 
tf. PlA'IIIolG 11>1 -mE SNIYoi 
IS A, Lot ~~ t~~Rrl'-Nr 

Third CollegeMay Be Renamed Marshall 
Third College is apparently moving closer to renam-

ing itself Thurgood Marshall College. in recognition of 
the recently deceased Supreme Court Justice, accord-
ing to Third College Provost Cecil Lytle. 

Political Science Professor Peter Irons has been 
circulating a petitition to Third college students concern-
ing the name change and reports that he has received 
widespread support for the proposal. 

Lytle has also expressed his support and said that he 
hopes to make a decision about the new name this 
week. 

Governor Names Professor 
To Economic Policy Council 

UCSD Economics Professor and renowned immigra-
tion expert George Bo~as has been appointed to Califor· 
nia Govemor Pete Wilson's Council of Economic Policy 
Advisors. 

As a member of the newly established 16-member 
council. Bo~as will work with other appointed econo-
mists and business leaders in recommending economic 
policy to Govemor Wilson on a wide range of state, 
national and international issues that impact California. 

The primal)' purpose of the council, chaired by former 
SecretaI)' of State George Shultz, is to provide strategic 
guidance to the governor in the state's efforts to 
renavigate and restructure California' s economy. 

Boljas, who joined the UCSD Economics Department 
in 1990. is considered one of the country's leading 
authorities on the economic impacts of immigration. The 
author of "Immigration and the Work Force: Economic 
Consequences for the U.S. and Source Areas: and 
-Friends of Strangers: The Impacts of Immigrants on the 
U.S. Economy: Boljas' recent research has focused on 
t~e economic performance of immigrant ethnic groups. 

Medical School Alumnus 
To Speak on Somalia 

Daniel Miller, M.D., from the UCSD School of Med~ 
cine Class of 1980, will retum to UCSD to give an Alumni 
Guest Lecture at 4 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 19. Miller will 
speak about his experiences work~ with the Centers 
for Disease Control in Somalia. This free public lecture 
will take place in Liebow Auditorium in the Basic Science 
Building at UCSD School of Medicine. For more informa-
tion. call 534-3473. 

lues: 61·/53· Wed: n.a. Thura: n.a. Sunday's hl/lo: 63·/55· 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESn, Hiatus Editor 

D£SIGN CONSULTANT: James COllier 
tLWSTRATORS: Mlcha Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan Erlln. Speed Farris. Jennifer Hart. Dominic Lobbla . Alan Lundllren. Adriano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI SIlOO& 
DESIGI'IERS: Joel ArnOld. Wilson Cneung. Clnay LIn . Marcus Lobbla. Chrlstopher 
Lock PHOTOGRAPHERS: 081110 Cho. Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Matthews. Lori M~Cheli. ChuCk NCuyen. jennifer vann 
COPY READ£RS: Michelle Chlq . Non MUler. Jessie Springer. Mal-Lan Tomsen 
TYl'IST: Tim Lin 

1I>e LCSD Gi.o.W.YI ~ pOOl""" ~.", Ilus<I¥ dunrc II1e lIC<Ideoric 'If" ~.", lor thO-. 
d lX:SO. ~ d Ihs ~ " iIOf Iorm. _" _ or i1 p;rt. >rittQ.( penn/ssic>lis 
stl1cItr pIIII\btfd. 1991 all ~ _ . 1I>e tx:so Gtmfat is not otsponsibIe I::t II1e retIIn d 
"""",Ifd Il\iIlJSCI1fKS or ill. ~ >iewso:qmsed In ~.", tif1ed let\tf5or ~donol 
~ owesert II1e 0J*i0ns d 1I>e LCSD ~ II1e trMr5iI)' d caI:ma. or II1e Assodalfd 
StWerts. 1I>t I.tSO ~ is fu"Cled ....,,~ ~ ~ on II1e \luis. ro one CiI1 iUlP us .... 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeKA, AsSOCiate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVER11SING ASSISTANT: Tara Eolf 
BOB DeANDREA, 8usi~ Man., 

MICHAEL FUULKS, AdYMisifW """'lIIer 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert/51", Despr 

E. IBGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SDI10R STAFF WRITERS: Jenny Galq. Oan Krauss. Mat\llew Robinson. Brett 
RnyT1e. Michael Scnwaru. Sheryl WOICOlt 
STAWWRITIRS: Ela/neCamuso. KrIsta Catpenter. Albert Garibaldi. KJrsIen~. BUIyHwan&. ClvisJen5en. MetissaJacobS. GayeJohnson. Roderick Lee. Wendy_n. 
Theresa Moore. Murau Moorthy. Julie Pal<. Paul Phillips. Ely Rabani. Blair Ridley. Kara Saul. Rttu Saxena. Alexa J. 5nerman. Julie snerrn...1IaIen SpJe&eI. GtecorY StephenS 

Editorial; 5346580. BusIness 0IIIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Q".,." 9500 Gilman Ortve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Act .... locotJon : Second Floor. UCSO S1UCIOnt c-If au,/dW'C .,.. 

Tue day_ Februury 16. 1993 

IFC: Ruling rai e 
que tion about Greek 
y tern procedure 

Continued from page 1 
Chapman called forthe bylaws to be 
revised. ndding that "We've con-
centrated too much power in the 
hands of too l few J people. and people 
are abusing it." 

Executive Council As istant 
Vice-President I}irt Wilson ac~ 
knowledged that the judicial system 
need to be updated, adding that 
reform is "one of our primary con-
cems. 
the Judicial Process 

According 10 W ilson. the Jud i-
cial Board is a separate entity from 
the IFe. which adjudicates on be-
half of the Executive Council and 
the Pre. idents' Council. 

The latter con ists of one del-
egate and the pre idem of every 
fraternity. The Executive Council 
consi ts of officers elected by the 
President' s Council 10 run the IFC. 

The [FC vice-president of com-
munications oversees the Judicial 
Board on behalf of the Executive 
Council. 

Different fraternity members 
apply fortheludicial Board through 
an application proces , and inter-
views are held by the Executive 
Council. They are then COnfin11ed 
by the Pre idents' Council. 

According to rFC/panhellenic 
advisor Paul DeWine, anyone can 
file a grievance. Then he and the 
vice-president of communications 
review the case and the information 
todecided whether it is to bebrought 
to court. 

"I fthecharges are not dismissed, 

"Over the past three 
years, there's been 
a general trend 
toward a 
competitive-type 
atmosphere, where 
Instead of helping 
other fraternities, 
you'll find a lot of 
badmouthing going 
on behind a lot of 
fraternities' backs 
and just general 
resentment and 
dislike of each 
other." 

- Andy Chapman, 
Pi Kappa Phi President 

then (here is a tri al before the J udi-
cial Board. A ll of the infOllllation is 
presented. to the board. The chief 
justice sends out a notice of charge 
(to all the fratemities involved], the 
board reviews all of the evidence, 
the fratemity presents (its 1 case and 
there is an informal questioning pe-
riod. Then the frutemi ty is dimissed 
and the board deliberates on the 
maner," DeWine said. 

Appeals. DeWine pointed oul. 
are made through the Pre~idenh ' 
Council who can either uphold the 
ruling or overrule it. 

"The Presidents' Council can 
overrule. but they need a three-
fourths majority vote to overrule the 
Judicial Board." DeWine added. 
"The board as a whole makes the 

TIl{' C 0 Gllardjan 

decisions: the chief justice just runs 
the hearing." 

The actual sentence i ' handed 
down by the other fruterni ties. 11 t 
the IFC, according to IFC Presidellt 
Leon Meschoulan. 

"Delta Sigma Phi also appealed 
und was found guilty. but they were 

~ubject 10 a tine ;lI1d comI11unllY 
~crvice. Thl! pre~idcnts of the other 
fratemites didn't think ~uspcn;,ion 
as puni. hment lit the crime. But for 
Pi Kappa Phi. which\ a~alrcadyoll 
probati n and had a prior convic-

tionofviolmingdry-ru~h policy Isus-
pension \Vll! suitable,)" he said. 
"The Spirit of the Law" 

Pi Kappa Ph i's prior conviction 
W,L~ handed clown two years ago 
after the IF charged the frutemity 
wi th holding an organized pan '. 

hapman said. 
Chapman said that it was a binh-

day pany of a Pi Kappa Phi member 
at which both Pi Kappa Phi mem-
bers and other fratemity metl1ber~ 
were present. 

" What Ithe IF J. aid is that the 
number of Pi Kapps there qualified 
itasa 'Pi Kappa Phi' event, whether 
or not it was organized by Pi Kappa 
Phi." he said. 

Chapman said that approxi -
mately three year~ ago. the IFC 
adopted "dry-ru:,h" in accordance 
with the Fratemitie~ In~urance Pur-
chasing Group (FIPG) to reduce 
liability. 

rn the appeal ca~c of" Pi Kappa 
Phi, FlPG said there wa~ no viola-
tion, but Moawau went ahead with 
the prosecution. 

Moawad said that Pi Kappa Phi 
violated both the letter and the spirit 
of the law by violating the "clry-

See IFC, Page 7 

NE'\ :J 

Friday, Feb. 5: 
7:44 p.m.: 23-year-old non·affiliate was arrested for posseSSion of an illegal 
weapon in front of Oasis Annex following a fist fight at the TG. 
1:30 a.m.: Two male students reported being beaten and knocked uncon· 
scious by three non-affiliate males at Pepper Canyon. 
Saturday, Feb. 6: 
9:06 a.m.: Detained 25-year-old non·affiliate for bell1g a danger to himself. 
Subject was also the subject of an outstanding missing·person report filed 
with SDPD. Committed at Mesa Vista Hospital. 
Sunday, Feb. 7: 
1l:22 a.m.: A non·affiliate reported vandalism to his vehicle In Lot 101. 
Loss: $500. 
Monday, Feb. 8: 
4:00 p.m.: Faculty member reported burglary of his office In the Center for 
U.S.·Mexican Studies. Loss: $680. 
Tuesday, Feb. 9: 
5:45 p.m.: Student reported theft of a red 1986 W.J Cabriolet from Lot 604. 
Loss: $10,000. 
Wednesday, Feb. 10; 
1:45 p.m.: Officers report conceming student's restraining order against 
former boyfriend . 
4:21 p.m.: CHP·Border DiviSion recovered a white 1990 Jeep Cherokee 
stolen from UCSD. 
6:03 p.m.: 33-year-old non·affiliate was arrested In Lot 113 for battery. 
Transported to SMH for evaluation. 
10:50 p.m.: 29-year-old male student was arrested for corporallnjul)' to a 
spouse at Mesa Apts. 
1:10 a.m.: Four reports were received concerning vandalism to car tires 111 
Lots 208. 502,601. 701. 
Thursday, feb. U: 
3:06 a.m.: An 18-year-old male non·afflliate was arrested for possession of 
burglary tools and contnbutll1g to the delinquency of a mll10r 111 Lot 357. 
Cited and released. Ajuvenile 17·year·old male non·afflliate was arrested 
for possession of burglary tools and possession of a fixed knife blade longer 
than 3.5 inches on University property In Lot 357. Released to parents. 
Friday, Feb. 12: 
8:32 p.m.: Units responded to a CHP report of ·sl1ots fired and an officer 
down" call on Interstate 5 near Sorrento Valley. 

- Compiled by Lamine Secka, ASSOCiate News EdllOr 

Repairs 

BEING-FIT 10% OFF LABOR 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
'wilh this.d Ofler e",,".5 3/2193. 

·AERoe:cs • LlFECYC LES 
· FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
· STAIR MASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACtOUS 
• NAUTILUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

• 4 MtLES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

F"sr VISit mcentlvss' 

CfOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29:0 S55) 
t Spark plugs Our tuno up ",eludes a 101 more tlli1n olhers 11 ,,,c/udI'S 
2. Distributor po,nlS 
3. Condensers 
4 Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all flu,d 

and 011 levels 

6 Adjust dwell angle 
7 Check brakes 
8 Check clutch 
9 Check lights 

10 CreCk undere<Jrr',,,-c for 
damages 

t 1. Check cool1ll9 systom & hoses 
12 Rudd test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
blra for lue1ifllected Our major lune up iflclud~ (reg 150 

1 Compres Ion Ie,! 
2. Valve adluSlmenl 11 Adjust Ilmong 20 Lube Ironl ~nd 28 CheCk ,led 'ceMrgu 
ReplaCe: 12 Adjust dweU angle 21 Check & repll'nosh .. , ballcril's ,I n~c~!o.Jry 
3 Valve cover ga,kcI 13 Adjust cdrburClar Uuod & o,llovel> 2' Ral,lIe t.leS ,I np·,d,dl 
4 Spark plugS. 14 AdIU,,1 aor & fuel rat,o 22 Check el~ct"c11 'yslE.:m 30 (.1'0'" I,ro pl~ssuro 
5 DISI"bulor po,nls moxlure 23 Check for loose t. 10c,1 31 l ubo do", hinges 
6. Condensers 15. Ad)uSI st~erong Ix" bolls 32 ChBc, d I ~'oldels 
7 A" filler . 16. AdjuSI clutch 24 Chec~ brakes 33. Chec' cool"'~ S,SI..,Ol Ii. 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 
8.0'1 follcr 17 AdJusI brakes 25 Check ciulch lioses 
9 Gas 1,Iter and 18 Adlusl emerg"ncy br~k, , 26 Chpck hghl' 14 Ch9Ck .>xl'.lest ISt·on 

10 Eng,ne 011 19 Check & adlUSI exposed 27 Check undercar"age 35 Road 1e"1 

bi.il$t&a 
Onc£, w u try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 

• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and suess headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
localed al t·5 Jnd La /olla Village Drive 

bellS lor damages 
NOle 'or 6~1"nai'f c.:s:s add $26 lOfota Supras ddd )3Q Datsun 200S), w th 8 sPJrk plug-: d' t j:) 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special (reg S80) 

W I. Front or rear 
e rep ace. 1 InSlall speela MW pads 8rake Job mcludes 

1. TransmiSSion Inpul shaH 4 Throwoul beanng or Install rear brake shoes 
seal (except Hondasl S PIIOI bearings 2 Drain old brake I'wd 6 AC juSI franl (,I Or"ms 

2 Pressure plate 6 New Iransm,ssoon 001 3 Inspecl comp'ele and reJr shoes 
3. Clulch d,sc 7 Road lesl hydrauloc syslem 7 Replace 1r011'Olor 
NOle H),Olauhc pans are not covered Not tor 4WO F'ront whl:=el 
dnve axtr3 

4 ROIoIl hydraul,c lIuod sedls 101 rotor. lurn, 
S B:eed en lire brake system 8 Road lusl 

Not& Hydraulic pan. ~fP nOllfloudEtO 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

·most cars All prices include parts and labor. 

overseas 
Aubimotive Repairs 
•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd. 

695-1990 
W,lh th,s ad EXPIres 311193 

Call lor appvlnUnenl 
TOWing and ren!91 car available. Monday-Friday. 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday. 



OPINION 

PINION 
COMMENTARIES 

Roger Kuo/ Guatt1iM 

1'ue8(lay, Febnlory 16, 1993 

The Mlitary Knows 
What it's Doing When it 
Comes to Recruitment 
By Gree Heckman 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The recent furor over the issue of homosexuals being excluded from the military raises many questions. mo t notably; why all the sudden importance? Homosexuals have ulways been excluded from service. and admitted homo-
sexuals or bisel(uuls have been evicted from all branches 
of the service for years. So why is everyone suddenly so 
upset over this? 

Many political scienti lS would answer that the issue 
has gained significance because of President Clinton's 
campaign promise to "lift the ban" on homosexuals. 
Correspondingly. the issue has been kept alive by mem-
bers of the gay community who voted for Clinton and are 
now demanding fulfillment of his promise. 

Others would suggest that the issue of homosexual 
intolerance has been thrust to the forefront by those 
people - congressional leaders among them - who 
have been disgusted when reviewing military budgets 
over the past few years. The "price tag" for winning the 
Cold War seems disgustingly high now, especially with 
the dire economic status of the nation as a whole. The 
arguments against the need for such a large. expensive 
military have grown steadily for some time now, and the 
attacks on such military policies as the ban on homosexu-
als may have stemmed from "military bashing" becom-

ing standard. 

GAYS IN THE MILITARY 

Whatever the cause, the issue is prob-
ably not going to fade anytime soon from 
public discernment. There are a number 
of court cases, filed mostly against the 
Army and Navy, by certain individuals 
throughout the country who have been 
forced out of the military for"coming out 
of the closet" to assure th is. That being 
established, let me take a side and say that 
the ban against homosexuals serving in 
the United States armed forces should nO! 
be lifted. and individuals within theanned 
forces who are admittedly gay or bisexual 
hould continue to be expedited from 

service. 
My first argument is that the sole duty. 

above all else. of the Army. Navy, Air 

Those Who Oppose Ufting the Military's Ban on Gays and 
Lesbians Base Their Arguments on Ignorance and Fear 
By Paul Harris 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Because all of the following people have been outspoken almost to the point of being ballistic over the issue of allowing gays and lesbians to openly and proudly serve their country in the amled forces. I 
am publicly inviting the Pat Robert ons, Jesse 
Hehnses. LOll Sheldons. Strom Thuml0nds, Colin 
Powells. Sam unns and Patrick Buchanan of the 
world to answer the following ques-

- Some government employers. such as the 
postal service. award "veterans' preference" in 
which points are added on to the test scores of 
veteran competing against non-veterans for jobs. 
If lesbian and gays are denied this opportunity by 
being banned from military service. how can you 
argue that they have equal opportunities in em-
ployment? 

- Can you explain why the Italian, French, 
Swedish. I raeli. Canadian, Norwegian and Ger-

tions. 
• Why have you chosen not to 

publicly cite the Pentagon's own 1988 
and 1991 tudies - suppressed by 
the Bush administration - which 
concluded that there was no legiti-
mate basis for prohibiting gays in the 
military based on national security 
concerns? If you previOldy voiced 
thi concem, have you publicly ad-
mined you were wrong'! 

OppoIads of allowing gays In cu IN..., claim It wII demoIaize CU' 
troops. 1he fact of the malta' Is that 
.... BIB a 111811'" of the ..... , Is 

man armies have urvived just fine 
with no ban in effect against gay 
and have not suffered the side effects 
you have wamed about? Are they 
genetically uperior? 

• You and your colleagues have 
alluded to the fact that public opin-
ion is overwhelmingly against al-
lowing gay in the military. If soci-
ety were allowed to vote on bills to 
outlawdi riminationagainstblacks 
in housing, would you abide by a 

• What is your view on the mean-
ing of "Commander-In-Chief' (the 

, .. conK'o"s, he or she is wei aw .. 
thattlae .. mI ... of I ...... 
"'1JI'I1I18II aaI&.1I)' I8I"IirC their 
COUI*Y.In the all_ forces ... 
tIae always wII be. public mandate allowing racial dis-

crimination? In other word, 'hould 
president), as it relates to the military? Should this 
title only be rel>pected sometimes'! 

• Don 't you find it the least bit admirable that 
almost ovemight, Pre ident Clinton has anempted 
to ave taxpayers about $20 million a year by 
halting investigation of gays in the military? 

public opinion be the determinant of whether law-
abiding citizens deserve their civil rights? 

-It's been aid that lifting the ban would lead to 
a demoralization of the troop . Have you ever 
thought for a second that discriminating again t 

See HARRIS, Page 5 

Force and Marines is to protect and de-
fend America. A modem extension of this duty would be 
the responsibility of protecting and defending the demo-
cratic ideals of this country throughout the rest of the 
world. In either capacity, the role of the armed forces 
supersedes the rights of select groups of individuals and 
individuals within that group. It has to. Without this 
backbone of protection, the basic rights of United States 
citizens could cease to exist. 

The Army has a job to do. It can't be everything for 
everybody. It has to serve society as a whole. aild it is 
therefore inevitable that some categories of citizens are 
going to be discriminated against. 

The Armed Forces may have been discriminating 
against some people for years. Entrance into any branch 
of the service requires the taking of an Arm~d Services 
Vocational Services Aptitude Banery (ASVAB) test. 
Score too low in ome sections and you will be refused 
entrance into most of the higher-tech occupations within 
the military. Score too low in all categories and there may 
not be a job for you anywhere in the service. Who would 
have believed thi 50 years ago at the height of World War 
II? 

An even bener example of blatant discrimination is 
the military's height and weight standards. Fitting into a 
proper military unifoml requires that an individual fall 
into one of the fitting sizes (S. M, L. etc.). These sizes 
encompass probably 95 percent of the American popula-
tion. and the Marines are not about to make a special 
un i form for ome would-be soldier who is over seven feet 

See HECKMAN, page 5 

Tuesday. February ]6, 1993 

GAYS IN THE MIT JTARY 
What'. at stake 
In a campaign speech last October, Bill Clinton promised to lift 
the military ban on gays and lesbians. The armed forces will not 
admit gay and lesbian recruits and discharge any openly gay 
and lesbian recruits. 
11Ie Key PiIIy .... 
President Clinton, Secretary of 
Defense Les AspiA and Senate 
Majority Leader George Mitchell 
(D-Maine) all favor lifting the ban. 
Key political and military leaders 
who are either reluctant or 
opposed to lifting the ban 
include Sen. Sam Nunn (0-
Georgia), Senate Minority Leader 
Robert Dole (R-Kansas) and the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, most 
notably Chairman Colin Powell. 

11Ie ACreement 
An agreement was reached two 
weeks ago between Clinton and 
Nunn. As part of the agreement, 
Clinton will not act to lift the ban 
on gays and lesbians until July. 
In exchange, the military will no 
longer ask new recruits their 
sexual orientation . 

the RIal .... 
On Jan . 28, U.S. District Judge 

Terry Hatter Jr. declared the gay 
ban unconstitutional, saying that 
it violated the Constitution's 
guarantee of equal protection of 
the laws. The ruling, however, 
will only affect policy in the 
portions of California under 
Hatter's jurisdiction. 

The ArJwnents In favor of lifting 
the ban 
• The ban violates the constitu-
tional rights of gays and lesbi-
ans. 

• Among all the countries in the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO), only the United States 
and Great Britain ban gays and 
lesbians from the armed forces. 
• Discrimination on the basis of 
sexual orientation is no more 
justifiable than discrimination 
based on race, gender, or 
religious affiliation. 

the Arpments APInst LIftIng 
the ... 
• Allowing gays and lesbians to 
serve with heterosexual soldiers 
would be disruptive to the morale 
of troops. 
• Merely lifting the ban does not 
necessarily ensure harassment 
will stop. In fact, reports of 
threats and violence have risen 
since the lifting of the ban was 
proposed . 
• President Clinton, who has no 
experience in the armed ser-
vices, should defer to the 
judgement of those who have 
spent their entire lives in the 
military. 

Sources: Time. The Los Angeles Times 
Philip Michaels/ Guardian 

The Time/CNN Poll 
Do You favor President 
Bill Clinton's plan to 
allow gays and lesbians to 
serve in the military? 

Undecided 

Sampling err()(; +/2.5% 
Source: TIme Magazine. 
Feb. 8. 1993 

Reoo Bruckner/ Guardian 

The U 0 Guardian 

HARRIS: We can 
never tolerate random 
discrimination 
Continued from page 4 
law-abiding gays who how exem-
plary conduct doe much more than 
demorali:e them? 

- If you consider yourselves open-
minded, have £ruly availed yourselves 
of learning more about the concerns 
of lesbian and gay Ameri ans and 
claim to be educated and sensitive to 
the topic, why do you continue to 
refer to gays as "homosexual ?" Thi 
is analogous to still referring to black 
or African-Americans as Negroes. 

- Where do you draw the line on 
permining discrim ination in employ-
ment for gays? Would you oppose 
gays working in law enforcement be-
cause omeone claims it would be 
disruptive to other officers? Would 
you oppose gays working in public 
chool because someone claims it 

may be demoralizing to parents? 
• You are opposed to gays being 

allowed in the military. Thus, may I 
as ume that you do not follow the 
tenet that people should be judged 
solely on the basi of their perfor-
mance and conduct, ratherthan on the 
basis of who they are? 

• And finally,do you recognizethe 
difference between "homosexuality" 
in the military and "homo exuals" in 
the military? 

Opponent of allowing gays in our 
military claim it will demoralize our 
troops. This ame argument was used 
to oppose blacks and women serving 
in the military. The fact of the maner 
isthatunle samemberofthemilitary 
isuncon cious.heor heiswellaware 
that there are millions of Ie bians and 
gay men currently serving their coun-

HECKMAN: 
Serving your country i 
a privilege, not a right 
Continued from page 4 
tall. (Nor i the Navy going to alter the 
heights of overhead clearance in their 
ubmarines.) Yet these ideas are called 

"standards" and not "discrimination," 
and nobody makes that big of a deal of 
their continued existence. Again, the 
military is a machine, with specific 

fry in the armed forces and there al-
way will be. However,ju t like ome 
parents' greatest fears. that of having 
a gay child, they just don't want to 
hear about it. 

As to the argument that funda-
mentalist Christians in the military 
might quit the armed forces because 
they tind it offensive to work next to 
gays, I would sugge t the fundamen-
talists get some much needed therapy. 
How can we trive to have a defense 
second to none, with men and women 
supposedly prepared to handle most 
any combat situation and all kinds of 
tre se ,but who can't handle work-

ing next to someone who is Slightly 
different from themselves'? 

Claims have been made that gays 
will suddenly tart seducing hetero-
sexuals in the ranks when the ban is 
lifted. Let's get reClI. While that might 
be wishful thinking on the pan of 
some egotistical heterosexual. the 
environment that exists in the mili-
tary will not pennit such behavior -
except by some hetero exualmen. as 
exemplified by the Tailhook scandal. 

One reason t hat has not been ad-
dre sed as to why the military may 
oppo e removing the ban is thattradi-
tionally, homophobia is used as a 
training tool by drill instnlctors, und it 
works, 0 they arc reluctant to lose 
that tool. 

Get a bunch of naive IS-20-year-
old young men who aren't too sure of 
their masculinity, and how do you 
tum them into soldiers? You make 
them compete with one another to be 
tough and mean. and you make them 
ashamed of any human feel ings they 
might have. The ones who don't quite 
measure up are ridiculed and called 
"faggot" and "queer." You teach them 
to dominate and overpower. You re-
ward them with weekend passes and 

parts. and it cannot accommodate ev-
erybody. 

The end of the Cold War meant the 
general downsizing of the military. 
Recruiters can now actually afford to 
be "selective." In fact, with congres-
sional cutbacks looming, recruiters 
are forced to be se lective. The result 
should ultimately provide our coun-
try with a smaller. smarter, better-
trained military with a select mem-
bership. Should this membership re-
nect the social diversity or the Ameri-

OPI ION 5 

encourage them to go into the neareM 
town and fornicate with the first will-
ing female they can find . This type of 
mentality breeds the idea Ihat it is 
;lImost a duty for men to treat women 
like possessions and makes it okay to 
make unwanted sexual advances to-
ward women. God forbid. should a 
gay man ever act that way tOward a 
heterosexual man! 

Homophobia is also used against 
women in the military to keep them in 
line and punish them for complaining 
about sel(ual harassment or other 
abuse. Many people refuse to accept 
the fact that such occupat ions can be 
performed JUS! as well by lesbians, 
bisexuals or gay men as by hetero-
sexuals. This threatens many because 
it contradicts the biases with which 
we were brought up. 

The bottom line is that we cannot 
tolerat .. Jrbitrary discrimination 
against people based on who they are. 
We must judge people based on the 
quality of their work. We cannot af-
ford to waste the talents of any con-
rributing members of our society. 

Lesbians and gays who have not 
come to terms with their orientation 
need to heed Malcolm X's words 
when he said. "Never accept images 
that have been created for you by 
someone else. It is always better to 
fonn the habit of learning how to see 
things for yourself." 

Likewise. fearful and ignorant 
heterosexuals need to SlOp accepting 
homophobic stereotypes and le;U11 10 
sec for them~e lves that gays are not 
another ~pecies. We are your family 
members and your friends, and we 
feel emotions of love, hate, fear and 
caring as intensely as you do. As long 
as you treat us with re~pect, wecan all 
live in a more hannonious and nurtur-
ing world. 

can popUlation? Of course not. The 
dilemma is how well this diminutive, 
less-expensive military protec ts 
America and American democrJcy, 
not how well it mirrors society. 

Homosexuals would severely dis-
rupt the cohesion the military has 
worked so hard to create. This cohe-
sion is a must; it can make the differ-
ence between kill or be killed ina war 
zone. 

Homosexuals would di,rupt this 
See HECKMAN, Page 6 

AN OFFENSIVE WHITE EGO FEEDING-FRENZYIN STEPHEN'S COLUMNS 
Editor: 

First "White Boy Dissin," now 
"Marley was a white man." When 
will Gregory Stephens' idiotic pew-
ing of nonsense stop? He seems to be 
manipulating the facts to tit his twisted 
opinions. In the process. he is helping 
to create negative perceptionsofblack 
people. 

In his Jan. 7 commentary, he 
wanted to tart the new year off with 
some "positive vibrations." 

He then proceeded to give ex-
amples of black-on-white crime. He 
concluded that this was wrong, and 
that we should all get along regardless 
of race. And, oh yeah, this is espe-
cially £rue because Gregory "put his 
Irish-American butt on the line for 
civil rights." 

As a black man reading this trash, 
I found nothing positive about it. 
Maybe Gregory should have looked 
out of his ivory tower long enough to 
ee that black people would not enjoy 

finding out they are the culprits of 
spreading a "new ocial disease." 

Now, Gregory i beginning hi s 
"celebration ofBlack Hi tory Month" 
(Feb.4). The only thing i ,once again 
he has confused fact and opinion. He 

talks about Bob Marley's life and the 
importance of the message Marley 
brought with him. 

Gregory concluded that because 
Bob's parents were an interracial 
coup le (one black. the other white), 
not only was he a great black man and 
human. but al 0 a great "while ma,," 
as well. Now, of course, Black His-
tory Month may truly begin ... 

Let's clear up a fact. B lack genes 
are dom inant over white ones. It does 
not mailer if one of Bob's parents was 
white. Bob Marley was a black man. 
If we looked at things the way Gre-
gory does, then all theso-caUed"black 
people" today would be white. We all 
got a little slave-master blood in us 
somewhere down the line, yet that 
does not make us any less black. 
Funhermore. this was supposed to be 
a celebration of Black History Month. 
How doe the point of Bob being 
white fit in here? 

I would find a discussion on black-
on-white crime. Bob Marley or chil-
dren of interracial couple intere ting 
if it had con isted of arguments based 
on fac . Gregory, though, has man-
aged to weave hi rocist opinion from 
what appears to be logical facts. Closer 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
TIle Guardian welComes letters rt'om ns readers. 
All letters must be no /crfler tllan three pages. 
typeC1. dOUO/e-Spaced and s/e'led. We reserve !he 
ri8ht to ed~ for /erWIh and clarity. Send aI/letters 
to: 

The Guardian 
Ollinlon Editor 

9500 GiImlJn Dr. 0316 
La .lola. CA 9209J.0316 

inspection, though. reveals nothing 
but a white ego feeding-frenzy that is 
offensive to this African-American. 

Peter Benefiel 

UCB I.awIuIt Would 
Be a waite of Money 
Editor: 

Ely Rabani claims that the admin-
istration should welcome the UCB 

lawsuit ("Just What Are They Afmid 
Of?" Feb. II). Since when does any· 
one welcome a lawsuit? They are 
extremely expensive these days. He 
claim that the administration could 
recover its legal fees from the UCB 
budget if it wins, but I doubt the 
University Center fees are enough to 
pay both the UCB's legal fees and the 
admini tration 's.lfthemoney is even 
there, it is supposed to be spent for the 
benefit of students, not lawyers. The 
administration shou Id seta precedent? 
I favor the precedent that di putes 
should be senled within the univer-
sity. 

David Wasserman 

Don't Wasta Tine on 
Vldlmle .. Cr ••• BI 
Editor: 

As I was perusing the "Lights and 
Sirens" police bloner in the Feb. 8 
issue of the Guardian. I noticed an 
interesting trend. 

The officers' report con i ted of 
numerous cars, bicycle and comput-
ers being stolen, a report of domestic 
violence and an "unknown suspect 
brandishing a weapon" in front of the 

main gym. Unfortunately. it i~ bt:-
coming increasingly difficult for,lU-
dents nt UCSD to feel that their prop-
erty and even them,elves are ,afe on 
campu,. 

Ilowever, the week was not a total 
loss for the UC police, as they did 
manage to capture one perpetrator. A 
student was arrested for smoking 
marijuana outside Porter's Pub. Yes, 
the local banal ion in the ever-noble 
War on Drugs allowed all of us in the 
UCSD community to sleep a little 
easier, knowing that yet another dan-
gerou pothead had been brought to 
justice. 

It seems to me that this is not an 
unusual pattern for "Light and Si-
rens." 

Whileburglary,autotheftandeven 
rape plague our campus, the police 
focu their efforts on victimlesscrimes 
like smoking marijuana. Until our 
shortsighted, brainwashed politicians 
find the gumption to lega lize mari-
juana, may 1 humbly suggest to the 
UCSD police department thm their 
time and effort expended hassling pot 
smokers cou Id be better spent pro-
tecti ng us from real crimes. 

Name Withheld 



60PfNION 

Ca~ C[]py+~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPI ERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3 2/ / flo/it/a), Ct. (/llc'xIIO Domillo 's Pizz o) • .,52-99-19 
M.F 8 :3~6 p.m. E,p 3 , 16 93 
SAT. 1~1 w,th "'CSD ID 

-----------

COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

2 for 1 
ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS 

Th, coupon not \ al,d .",h Jny other oiler. [xI'. 2121l1'l1 

STORE HOURS 

I 
• 

M-Th 6: 0 am· 1 0 pm; F-Sat. 7 am· 11 pm; Sun . 7:30 am·g pm 
LI VE MUSIC 
~ Fri . & Sat. 8-10 pm 

8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 11 0 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 

._----------------------r---- rr::'~n. UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~~!7,,~~~~~y* 
"W. deliver • $20 minimum purtha.se · wllhln .5 mile rodlus or campu 
world ow;de '" 

E'p_V'.}Ij 
NOlV,.hd wuh 
Ilny other offer 

as always, 10% o~~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in lh Ralph' 
Prompt deli very. 7 days (l week. Open dtllly .1111, 

The UCSD Guardian 

La Jolla Zoo a Teddy Bear Express 
AFFORDABLE STUFFED ANIMALS 

Ship UPS Nationwide 
Open 1 dav. 

1298 Prospect Street. 28 
Coast Walk, Mid Level 

q' f::' ~ . La Jolla ) V ) ~~!1~ GUND I t ~r ,;;) "'" be5l •• 'ecHon 01 
\. ~ ~_ .- ... stuffed animals in San Diego 

FREE 
DOlEN 

7 low :rs - 9 ijis CARNATIONS 
Costa Verde Center 
8 50 Genesee Ave. 

~.In DIL'gO, CA 92122 
558-6666 " 1''' .hJ .... "I 'Iuuf l","~' '.oC ,,,1 J "-llh,U'11 •• i,L",'''''''' 

TENSION 
H EADACHE 
RESEARCH STUDY 
;\ rest':lrd'l ~Iudy com l)Urlng 1""'0 well-t'~tabllsht:d pai n 
I1Il~hclnes Is bl!lng conducwd under the dlr~ctlon of a 
I 'CSIl f,l<"ully memuer 

Q ALIAED PART! IPAJ\1' WilL RECEIVE: 
• A fret.' medical examination • Free medication 
• A fr stopwatch and timer & A S50 payment 

• .,,'( DcU~'(r World widt~ 

If interested plea e call 297· 9 169 

THE C ENTER FOR I BERIAN AND L TiN A M ERICAN S TUDIES PRESENTS 

Engendering Wealth 
and Well-Being 

AN INTERNATIONAL/INTERREGIONAL CONFERENCE ON 
GENDER AND ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL TRANSFORMATION 

February 18-19 at the Radisson Hotel La Jolla 
Sessions are free and open to all UCSD students and faculty. No 
preregistration required. Shuttles will leave the UCSD Faculty Club 
stop at approximately 8:20, 10:20, 1:10 and 3:10 each day, and will 
return participants to the campus at approximately 10:30, 12:30,3:30 
and 5:30. To request a complete agenda or for further information, 
please call the CILAS office, 534-6050. 

TAKING THE 

GMAT? 

Tuesday, February 16, 1993 

HECKMAN 
ContInued from paee 5 
cohe ion by creating an in unnount -
able amount of tension between them 
and heterosexuals. This is undeni -
able. Realize that no amount of peace-
ful coexi tence among homosexual 
and heterosexual ill a civilian world 
can serve as an illustration oflhe me 
happening in the military. The envi-
ronment is just different. 

When I was in basic training my 
whole platoon of about 40 guys had to 
shower together. We usually had about 
15 minutes to get everybOOy through 
a shower room with eighl shower 
heads. We accomplished this by hav-
ing 40 naked guys go in at one time, 
taking tum to access the water - one 
guy gets wet, the other lathers his hair, 
etc. We did thi for eight weeks. This 
is an extreme example, but one of 
many that drill instructors have long 
used to produce a stressful environ-
ment, and therefore, force the trainees 
to deal with the streSs. 

Sociologists will quote tatistics 
to say that out of that platoon of 40 
men, at least one was a homosexual. 
Fine. but the other 39 didn't \mow it 
and didn 't have to deal with it. That 
individual was therefore pared any 
ridicule or even phy ical hann, and 
the orher 39 didn't have to worry 
about who was looking at what. Sexual 
arousal is a powerful thing - imag-
ine one heterosexual man showering 
with 39 heterosexual women. 

Yes, my example is extreme. But 
this is how close the contact can be in 
the military. ] served three years in the 
Anny, and ] can think of hundreds of 
other examples where having open 
homosexuals wilhin the ranks would 
create unnecessary obstac les and prob-
lematic emotional responses. 

As a civilian now, I have a few 
friends who are gay. Their sexual 
affairs are their private personal busi-
ness. But then. I'm not showering 
with them every day, either. 

"Serving your country" is a privi-
lege in the '90s, not a right. And those 
of us who have served would relish 
the day when military policies would 
stop being dictated by tho e who 
haven'l. 

President Clinton understood this, 
and rightfully delayed his decision 
until he was more infonned by the 
military heirarchy. I suspect that he 
also delayed his decision 0 that pub-
lic outcry might calm down a bit. 
Because if he listens to all his top 
military brass, with hundreds of years 
of experience behind them, he will 
make the only wise decision. And that 
is to leave the ban against homosexu-
als in the anned forces intact. 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 

LSAT? 
GRE? TEST PREPARATION 

We're run out 
of filler 
ideas. 

IT'S YOUR CHOICE: M-
• HIGH PRICE 
• AUDIOT APED LESSONS 
• GIMMICKS 
• OUT-Of-DATE MATERIALS 
• ONE-SIZE-FIT5-ALL 

INSTRUCTION 

• CLASS SIZE LIMITED TO 12 STUDENTS 
• UNLIMITED ONE-ON-ONE TUTORING 
• COURSE MATERIALS INCLUDE EVERY 

OFFICIAL TEST AVAILABLE 
• I STRUCTORS WHO CARE ABOUT 

YOUR INDIVIDUAL NEEDS 

IF YOU WANT PERSONALIZED ATTENTION SO YOU CAN MAXJMIZE YOUR SCORE, CALL PTP: 

(61 9) 464-2627 

Tucs<lay February 16, 1993 

IFe: Ruling raises 
questions about Greek 
system procedures 
Continued from pa&e 3 
rush" policy last quarter at the Har-
borCruise. 

"1lJe intenl behind the "dry-rush" 
policy i to prevent abuses. to en-
courage sober interaction through-
out the rush period, and any viola-
tion are enforced in thi manner. 
They violated the intent to promote 
sober interaclion. You first obey the 
lener. and then the spirit. If you 
violate Ihe leller, then the spirit is 
irrelevant." Moawad said. 
RlV8IItes In the Greek System 

This .. pirit of the law" ha led 
orne fratemitie and ororite to 

believe that the pre em leadership 
of the lFC needs 10 be revised. With 
the current trend of appeals, there 
are accu mions that the IFCdeliber-
ately fo ters rivalries among frater-
ni ties and inglesout largerfraterni-
ties for punishment. 

"Idon'tthink it' s fair,"said Delta 
Gamma Sorority Vice-President 
Anne Simi. 

"The UCSD Greek system is 
small enough a it i ,and there al-
ways is a strong compelition for 
ru h. Pi Kappa Phi almo t always 
gets the largest rush numbers, which 
tends 10 fo ter competition," she 
aid. 

Chapman believes that rivalries 
have become prevalent in the Greek 
system, observing, "Over the past 
three years, there's been a general 
trend toward a competitive-type al-
mosphere, where inslead of helping 
olher fraternities, you' ll find a lot of 
badmouthing going on behind a lot 
of fraternities' backs and just gen-
eral resentment and dislike of each 
other." 

Chapman anributes this to the 
fact that the only time Greeks see 
each olher is during competition. 
"It's hard to make friends out on the 
sport field," he added, 

De Wine, however, aid, "I think 
that both roles are made for the IFC 
and the Pan hellenic to bring the 
system together," he said. 

Chapman said he believed that 
there was a disturbing trend that 
larger and more successful fraterni-
ties are being brought upon charges, 
while smaller fraternities who com-
mit offenses are not charged. 

Simi said there were two main 

16Th. Impact on the 
ayst.m waa 
tr.m.ndou •• The IFC 
was abl. to deal 
with volatll. I ...... 
such aa hazing and 
drinking. [With 
DeWln.'a] 
.stabllshm.nt of the 
IFC Judicial Board], 
It mad. the IFe .ven 
more atabl. and 
looked up to aa a 
gov.rnlng body. " 

- Tom HawkIns, 
Purdue University 

Associated Dean of Students 

reason why the IFC may have 
singled out Pi Kappa Phi. 

" Firsl of all, Pi Kappa Phi ha.~ the 
most guys in their fraternity , tUld 
they also get the most rushees. Sec-
ondly, they are very competitive in 
sports and they win the sports ban-
ner every year. Because of [the e 
reasonsl , their suspension was am-
plified so much more and blown 
way out of proportion." Simi said . 

Simi added that she witne sed 
many fralernities violale the dry-
rush policy, and doesn 't understand 
why the IFC specifically singled out 
Pi Kappa Phi. 

"Being a member of a sorority, I 
aw every one of those fraternities 

commit violations," she said . 
Regarding the leadership affect-

ing the IFC, Chapman aid that the 
role of the advisor is hurting the 
perception of Greeks on campus. 

" A Greek system ... will usually 
take on the characteristics of its 
leader in some way or form," 
Chapman said. He added that his 
experience wi th DeWine has led 
him to conclude that the advisor is 
"biased, playing favorites and hold-
ing grudges to prove that he has 
power." 
The Role of the Advisor 

As the IFC advisor, De Wine has 
set up a Greek system at UCSD that 
is strikingly similar to the one he 
established at Purdue University in 
Indiana before he came to UCSD. 

"The constitution from Purdue's 
lFC was brought here. The frater-
nity presidents reviewed what was 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Compl.te 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 
B&L Soft Spin Il&L I().I 

$159 $179 
Complete Compl.te 
Daily gas perm. hard Baby blue. hazel & 
Parnpeml m emerald. green 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• 'on.' S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt, Ey.car. 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc • • 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

T he UC D Guardilln 

applicable and brought it to council 
forthe final approval.· ' De Wine said. 

"[DeWinej i the one who did 
push for the LFC and the Judicial 
Board to get as much power as 
they've gotten," aid fonner Pi 
Kappa Phi President Jeff Berkeley. 
'111ey never used to have this much .•• 

According 10 Purdue University 
Associated Dean of Students Tom 
Hawkins, DeWine spearheaded Ihe 
restructuringofthelFCconstitution 
there, helped increase IFC member-
ship and developed leadership pro-
grams while he was there. 

"The impact on Ihe syslem was 
tremendous. TIle IFC was able to 
deal wilh volatile i sues such as 
hazing and drink ing. [With hi s es-
tablishment of the IFC Judicial 
Boardl, it made the IFC even more 
stable and looked up to as a govern-
ing body," Hawkins said. 

Wil on aid that DeWine has 
been involved with the Greek . ys-
tern formany years and thm his prior 
experience at Purdue has helped the 
UCSD Greek system to develop 
considerably. 

"He 's made a lot of positive dif-
ference . Jut becau e he represent 
the administration. r people I tend to 
ee him as the Anti-Christ. He has 

no authoriry and makes no anempt 
to force stuffdown ourthroats , You 
don ' t know him if you haven' t 
worked with him," Wilson said. 
What the Future Holda 

However, according to Chap-
man, De Wine should be an advisor. 
not a director. 

"We hou Id remove [the Student 
Affairs Officerl from some of the 
day-to-dayoperation . Probnblythe 
best way to improve our Greek sys-
tem is 10 get a new advi,sor because 
] feel that the direction we've been 
advised to go is not the best direc-
tion for our system," he said. 

Chapman added that an initial 
remedy would be 10 revise the by-
laws, to provide more checks and 
balances and a dilution of power. 

According to Wilson. there will 
be a new IFC administration begin-
ning Spring Quarter. and a com-
plete revision of bylaws. 

Simi said that, with all the con-
troversy,the Greek sy tem needs to 
examine its governmental processe . 

'"Because lhere are l>O many biases 
outsideof rush, there is a lotofanimos-
ity now within theGreeksystem. They 
shouldbewooongtogether.notagainst 
each other," she said. 

rDelay 
Reality 
HOIOlulu $1"-
New Y.rk $17'-W".,..I DC $17'-
Iollon $179' 
Male. Ctty $107' 
London $100' 
'Iris $130' 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~·i~jn~)p~.1 
Stl.dcrt status may bE ~urred 

'",.III»IIC.IuHd heN. 
Council Travel 

U<SO Price Certer(by the Post OffICe) 
451-0630 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern. but selling 

what you sell is. 
....... Adv .. , ..... 114-3411 

NEWS 7 

• Dr. S."y O.D. 
v,s,oncare 

Serving 
LA JOL LA 
UNIV_ CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
------T------i------

FASHION I ,CONTACT I FRAME AND 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I Dallv Wear Complete I COMBO SET I 

I $89 I I 
INCLU DES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 

I Exte~~ :~:~~~Iele I $35.00 OFF I 
I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo. Choose from I • PreciSion ground B & L 04 I . lenses S. v. I Disposables I a arge selection of I 

I $9900 I $139 i~~r. & I frames and lenses I I I e~~~~~n?nOg":~~~~~p I $3500 I I I care · Care kit· Near sighted I OFF I L_COMPLE~ _l~~~:~='n~ ____ __ ~ 
All 92's on SALE! 

~ FUd I & RALEIGH 
15% OFF limited Stock so don 't hesitate 
• Giro Hammerheads $59.95 
• The (oollool $24.95 
• Bike lights from S 1 0 

J)JD 
ucsD Bike 

Shop 
In the Stu de nt Center · 0 en 10 - 5 Mon - Fri 

MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT, GMAT, 
GRE, OR MeAT SCORES 
This year, orer 50,000 students will take the course 
Roling Stone called "legendary. " Here's why: 
The Princeton Review 
is Personal 
Our c1asscs never 
exceed Ii ftecn 
students and are 
grouped by shared 
tesl-laking strengths 
and weaknesses. If 
you don'l understand 
a panicular concept , 
your instructor will 
work with you in 
person. until you do. 

The Princeton Review The Princeton Review 
is Efficient Works-Guaranteed 
Learn our systematic Our avcrage score 
approach to solving improvements arc 
test problems. We unmatched: 
combine solid 
academic preparation 
with revolutionary 
tcst-taking stralcgics 
to maximi ze your 
scorcs. 

T,1t Ranll' fmprov,. 
LSAT 120-180 lOA points 
GMAT 200-800 85 pts. 
GRE 600-2400 215 pis. 
MeAT 3-45 6 pis, 
I f you completc the 
cour e, takc the exam, 
and arc not salisfi ed 
wilh your scores, wc'lI 
work wi th you for up to 
one year at no fcc. 

t ilL ~ PR I ' ETO'l 
1<1\1\\\ 

fir .... IIdonutloll, till: 
619·695·9952 



8 

ACADEMIC IERYICEI 
Tuesday Ihrolflh Friday 

• 8 8.m.-4:30 p.m. (Frlday·3 p .m .) - Tile 
0 ... 515 Lln,ul,e Plo,rlm prov ides 
assistance \0 students wIlose natl"" language 
is not English and to those doing work In 
Japanese. German. Spanish. French and 
Vietnamese. A d iagnostic test on written 
Enellsh Is available on request . Call 534-
2284 for Info. (weekly) 
• 8 a .m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Scholars' 
Wrltl", Workshop pr()\'\Oes free Individual 
and iroup conferences to assist students 
WIth writ ing projects. SWW also offers free 
word processing facilities and computer 
a slstance . SlOp by YOrk Hall 4010 or call 
534·7344 to schedule an appointment. 
(weekly) 
• 8:30 a.m. 4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
ManaeelMftt Cent., help you this quarter 
with time management. note taking and 
edItIng. textbOOk IInalysls. memory. flexible/ 
speed reading. vocabulary development end 
GRE/LSAT / MCAT verbal comprehension. Stop 
by Vork Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to set up 
a personal appointment. AlSO. s tay on lIle 
lOOkOut for those valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshop and the GRE Weekend Specials. 
(weekly) 
• 8 a.m.·4:30 p .m. - The OASIS Wrttlne: 
Center Is a free service for all UCSD students. 
We offer one to one wiltIng conferences lor 
any type of wrIting project - aCademic papers. 
personal statements. even stones and poems. 
Our s taff of traIned undergraduates. who 
cOlne from a vallety of academIC d ISCiplines. 
can help you become a more effcctive wrIter . 
Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or 
drOp by our office In the old Student Cemer. 
Building A. Room 214. (weekly) 

Tuesday. Feb. 16 
• 3-3:50 pm. - Producln, OreanlzatJon -
Classlflcallon Charts. Etc OASIS Study 
Management Center. York Hall 4010 Froo. 
PreregIstration IS recommcndCO 5347344 . 

Wednesday. Feb. 1 7 
• 10-10:50 a.m. - Time Management 
Workshop - Learn to manage valuable Study 
time more effICiently. OASIS Study 
Management Center. York Hall 4010 Free. 
Preregistration IS rccommended 534-1344. 
• 12-1 p.m. - Bioengineering Informalion 
Meeting InformatIon pto"ded on the majOr 
ana carecr OpportUnltlCS For all IntercstcO 
stuoents. Englnecrtng bldg Rm. 5101. 

Thursday. Feb 18 
. 9-9:50a.m.- E.am Preparation -OASIS 
Study Management Center. York Hail 4010. 
Free . Preregistration IS recommended. 534-
7344 . 
. 11 a.m. - Sludy or Internships In Brltaln 
- Butler Unrverslty OAP Info session In the 
International Center conference room. 
Semesler or year abroad oPllonS. 
. 1 :30 p.m. - C1EE/ Councll Trav81 - Paid 
I';ork abroad rnfo sesslonl Come find out how 
you can get a paid summer job owerseas. 
Location : InternatIonal Center lounge . 
Sponsored by the Programs Abroaa Office. 

Fflday. Feb. 19 
. 130 pm. - Come to an Inlo session on 
studying at the Hebrow University. At tnc 
InternatIonal Center· Programs Abroad OffICe. 

Salurday. Feb. 20 
• 8'45 a.m. 12 p.m. MCAT Diagnoslc 
Test - Verbal & essay only. OASIS Study 
Man"gement Center. York Hall 4010. Free. 
Advanced registralton IS requrred. 534-7344. 

LECTUREI 
Wednesday. Feb. 17 

. 8 p m - Education and tho Destruction of 
Freo Speech - A lecture by John RIdPath. 
sponsored by the ObJecllvlsIn Study Group. 
Warren Lecture Hall 2001. AdmISSIon: $3/ 
students. SlO/general. TICkets on sa le attM 
PC Box offIce or at the door. 

Thursday. Feb 18 
• 830 am·3:15 p.m. - The Center for 
Ibenan and Latrn American Sludles Presenls 
"Engendering Wealth and Well-Bolng: an 

nrcrn~l1onnl ·onfercnce on gender and 
e<'unUlr ~ nd SOCial transfom',-ltion Flee 
and copen to allLJCSD student nd faculty At 
lI'c Rad sSM Hotel l a JolI". Shuttles ,,,II 
I a, from fdeUil. cM>. 5340050 for Info 

Ofli'nUl'!; on Ff,ddj. Feb. l~lj 
• 12 p.m. - The EthniC StudIes Dept 
pre5cnts M,chael S.1cnz ChancellOr's 
Postdoctoral Fellow. UCSD. "Culture and 
Nationality In Laredo. Texas. 188()'1930." 
3415 LlteratlJre BUIlding 

Fllday. Fcc. 19 
• 4 p. m - Report from Somalia - Report 
and commentary on the background and 
current slluatlon ,n Somalia by a member of 
the U.S. Centers for Disease Control team 
v.hlch ha5 been working In Somalia tor the 
past )ear L1ebO" uOltonum. BaSIC SCIence 
Bldg. SchOOl of MedIcine. Info: 534-34 73. 

HEALTH AND 
FITNEII 
Tuesl1ay-Fflday 

. 9 a.m.·3 p.m. - Stop talking about It-
make it happenl BegIn your move towards 
peak fitness by Ilettlng a free RtM" 
assessment through RTSTOP. Come by 
second fioor Student Health and make an 
appointment tooayl (Weekly) 

Tuesday- Thursday 
• (Tues .. 10 a.m. & 1 p.m.; Wed. _H a.m. & 
1 p.m.: Thurs. 10 a.m. & 1 p.m.)- Come 10 
the Women'S Sexual Hea~h Info session tor 
talk about pelvic eurna, birth control 8IId 
STD' • • 2nd flOOr Student Healtn ServICe. 

Wednesday..Fr/day 
• (wed. 1-4 p.m.: TOOr. 2·4 p.m.; Fri. 1-4 
p.m.) - Are you concerned lboUt your 
blood chol .. t.,oIlov"? Come to Student 
Health Service to find out. This QUICk and 
painless screenln& Is only $5. No 
appoIntment needed. 

SERYICEI 
AND 

WORKSHOH 
Tuesday"Frlday 

• 8 a.m.-4:3O p.m. 
- 5101+ Com· 
put.r-blMCI pr ... 
lP'am ofcareerl .... 
formati on de· 
signed to help 
you claltty your 
skills. values and 
Intere9!. For more 
Informal ion. conne to the Ca-
reer Services Center. $10. (weekly) 
. 9a.m.·5 p.m.-Women·aResourceCenler 
Peer Coun.ellne - Feel like no one 
understands? Women counselors lralned Dy 
PSych. ServICes available to help wllll crises 
or gNC :;upport and referrals for your needs. 
Confidential. safe space. Walk in or by 
appointment. Located in the Old Student 
Center BIOg. A. 534-2023. (weekly) 
. 1 :30-4 p.m - OROP~N ADVISING HOURS 

The C D Guardian 

View LoUllie. nd fee . 
Saturday. Feb. 20 

• 11 a.m. - Sahaj8 YO&a will present a 
medItItIon procnm that Is open to the 
public. ~ 's a great chance to dIscover Inner 

pellCe and blance. FREE. Davis/ Riverside 
Room . Price Center (second noor above 

movie theater.) 

(LUll 
AND 

MEETlNc.1 
TueSday. Feb. 16 
. 12 p.m. - .loA 
MMtIIC- Corner 
of Gilman Dr. and 
Rupertus Way . 
MAAC 202 . In 

larae conference 
room. (weeklyj 
Wednesday. Feb. 
17 

Free. anonymous and 
confidential . Price 
Center Admin . 2nd 
floor above Food 
Coun. Irvine Room. 
Everyone welconne. 

1&1 
::E: 

~ WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 

- For help with career goals. joll hunting. 
resume pteparatlon or explOrrng professional 
or graduate school opportunIties . No 
appointment needed. lust walk In to the Career 
SeNlces Center. ("'eekly) 
• MENTOR - Graduating thIS quarter and 
job·seeklng? We ' lI match you with a 
professional In your ficld who WIll get )OU 
started networkIng In the local jot> market. 
Slgl'l UP at Career ServIces. (weekly) 

Tuesday. Feb. 16 
. 1()'11:30 a .m. - Loss and Mournlng - A 
group for Students who WISh to explore new 
ways to glleve the death of a loved one. 1003 
GH. no fee . Leader: Robin Reed·Spauld,ng. 
534<)256. and Ron Lane. 534'()250. Call for 
slg .... up. 
• 12·1 p.m. - Lesbian gay bisexual peer 
counseling wIth Steve. Do you have a questIon 
about your sexuality? Do you neeo an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's lalk. Located In the peer counselmg 
oft lce (near Mac's Place & ltbrary Lounge In 
Price Cmr. I Ca II 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 6 :30S p.m. - Graduate Gay/ Bisexual 
Men's Support Group - A safe. confIdentIal 
wechly group for grad Students to dISCUSS 
Issues about sexuality. Led by MatI. Student 
Cntr 'B' lower level conf. room. No fee Call 
534-3987 for details. ("eekly) 

Wednesday. Feb. 11 
• lCH1.30 a. m. - Support Group for Older 
Undere:raduato and Retumlne Studonts 
L,te'Gture Bldg. Rill. 3240. no fee. Leader 
DaVid Blasband. 534-3987 Call for $Ign·up 
. 1.30p 11 - On-Cameralntervlewrnt:5kllls 
for Employment - USing Video. Improve your 
technIque through practice and valuable 
leedback. Pre-requIsIte: Inter.ic\\lng Skills 
Worksnop. Sign up at Career Services 
Reference Room. 
• 3-4:30 p.nI - Chicano/a, Latino/ a. 
MuHlcultural Support Group - A aroup to 
dISCUSS relauonshlPs. famIlia. parents, 
economiCs. self-expectatlons and more. 
Leader; Dan Munoz. 5341579. Revelle 
College Provo Bldg No fee. 
• 3·4:30 p.m - Graduate Men's and 
Women 's Therapy Group - A group fer 
graauate stuOents Interested In explOllng 
relatIonships. academic/professIonal Issues. 
and personal concems 1003 GH. no fee. 
Leaders. Mlrtam losupovlcl. 534<)255. ana 
AMn Alvarez. Call for sigfl-uP. 
• 4-5 p.m. - SLATE: Senior Uberal Am 
Tralnl", for Employment - This worl<shop. 
especaillydesigned for liberal arts majors. will 
get you focused on a career field and ready to 
look for WOrt< inJust fl\'e l-11r. sessions. SIGN 
UP EARLYI $10. 
• 5-6:30p.m. - lesblan/ Blsexual Women's 
Support Group - We 're a confidential weekly 
drop-In group open to all UCSD students. A 
safe & friendly atmoSPhere where you can 
openly discuss your sexuality. Led by Cheli 
and lisa. Irvine Room. 2nd floor PrIce Center. 
Call 534-3981 for details. (weekly) 
. 6 :J0.8p.m.-Ia8J/ ..... .,..Men·.~ 

Illustration by Rene Bruckner 
------------------~~ 

Group - We're a confidential weekly drop-In 
group open to all UCSD students. A safe & 
friendly atmosphere where you can discuss 
your sexuality. Led by David & Steve. Student 
Cnlr. "B- lower level cont. room. Call 534-
3987. (weekly) 

Thursday, Feb. 18 
. 10:30 a.m. - Job Search 101 - 8O'lf. of 
all job vacanCies are unaavertised. This 
workshop will teach you tho most effective 
way to find them. Career Services Center. 
. 1:30 p.m.- MarketebieResum6 -Learn 
how to make a positrve Impression WIth your 
resum(). Career Services Center. Free. 
• 2·3 p.m . - lesbian gay bisexual peer 
counsellng WIth Lisa. Do you have a question 
about your sexuality? Do yo~ neeO an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & 
let's talk. Located In the peer counsehng 
off,ce (near Mac 's Place & Library Lounge In 
Price Cntr.) Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
. 3 p.m. - Medical School: What applicants 
lor 1994 Admission Need to Know -
Admissions procedures. application 
strategIes. and school selection. Career 
Services. Free. 
. 3-4:30 p .m. - Social Skills Workshop -
A group focussing on develOPIng social skIlls. 
1003 GH. no fee . Leader: Lindsay Calderon. 
534<)249. Call for Info. 
• 5:3(). 7 p.m - Common Ground Support 
Group - ArC you the frIend or loved one of a 
lesbIan. gay or bIsexual person? Do you want 
to be SUpportIve but aren' t sure how? Drop In. 
we're a weekly safe & confidentIal group that 
aaaresses your needs. Pnce Center Berl<eley 
room Call 534-3987 for more detaIls. 

Friday. Feb. 19 
• 9-10:30 a.m. - Women Molested as 
Children - A group tor women survtvors of 
chIldhood/adolescent sexual abuse. 1003 
GH. no fee . Leaders: Beverty Har/u . 534-
2237. and PhIl Raphael. 534-0252. Call for 
slg .... up. 
• 10 am. - Interviewing Skills Workshop 
- Learn techniques required to be successful 
In the IntervIew process. Career Services 
Center. Free 
• 12·1 p.m. - Lesbian gay bisexual peer 
counsellne WIth Chell . Do you have a questIon 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understandIng person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk . Located In the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & library Lounge In 
PrlceCntr.) Call 534-3987 fordelails. (weekly) 
• 12:30-2 p.m. - Pa,..Atlen Community 
Forum - Drop.ln group addressing concems 
of Asian/ PacifIC Islander students. Leaders: 
Jeanne Manese. 534-3035, and AMn Alvarez. 
Mountain View Lounge. Drop.in. (weekly) 
. 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abu .. 
Group - Supportive environment for 
Oiscusslng prOOlems related to alcOhOl and 
substance abUse. Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-
1579. Revelle Collelle Provo Off. No fee . 
. 4-6 p.m. - C ....... BlIck Forum -
Infonnal group for African-American students. 
Leader: Phil Raphael. 534-0252. Mountain 

753-2106. (weekly) 
• 1·3 p.m. - Flculty, Student, Staff 
Interaction meets for lunch to Informally 
discuss on topics of today: all students and 
taculty are welcome to join. For more Into: 
Chris 558-2103. (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter Advisory 
Board needs people like you. WeeklymeeUngs 
are at lIle Re""lte Provost's oftice .(weekly) 
• 4 P m. - Third Collej. Transfer+Re-£ntry 
Studenla (TRES) Meetln, - Discuss 
problems. solutions. questions. and answers 
about being a transfer or re-entry student. 
(weekly) 
• 4-6 p.m. - All welcomel Student ... lIInnatJve 
... "tion Convnltt .. Meeting. Santa Barbara/ 
Los Angeles room. Price Center. (weeklyj 
• 5 p.m. - Attention all SATCH Memberal 
MeetIng today In the Berkeley Room at the 
Price Center. Everyone welcome. Many 
community health projects. 
. 7 p.m. - .... S ..... P. - Get Involved wllll 
Active StUdents for AIDS Prevention. Political 
activism. volunteerism. Help prevent the 
spread of AIDSI Price Center. Gallery B. 
Everyone welcome! 

'Thursday, Feb. 18 
• 5 :30 p.m. - Women's Resource Center 
weekly collective rrM8IIng In a safe open 
space for women. Feminist d iscussions. 
empowerment. political activism. social 
change. support and education. Come hang 
out. Let's learn trom each other. Old Student 
Center A. 534-2023. (weeklyj 

Fflday. Feb. 19 
• 7:30.10 a.m . - Come to the Revelle 
Commuter breakfast at the Revelle Commuter 
Lounge. All you can eat for half a buck. 
(weekly) 
• 10:30a.m.-JolnThlrd College Commuter 
Board and help plan events Meetings at 
Third Coliege Dean 's conference room. 
(weekly) 
. 12 p.m. - AA Meatlng- Comer of Gilman 
Dr. and Rupertus Way. MAAC 202. In large 
conference room. (weeklj1 
• 2 :30 p.m. - Native ... merlcan Student 
Alliance (NASA) meets weekly on FriOays at 
the Grove. Come and get Involved I (weeklyj 

Sunday, Feb. 20 
. 6 :30 p.m. - "'Ipha Phi omeca - UCSD's 
only coed service fratemity meets at MAAC 
111A (near Price Center). Come ana meet 
other students like yourself, who like to have 
fun while helping your school and community. 
Everyone IsweiCOme and encourased to come. 
(weeklyj 

EVENTS AND 
RIC .. AIION 

Tuesd.,..satUll1ay 
• 10 a.m.' 4 p.m. - ."..... Arc:hltectln: 
TIle Stat. of ... AIt" - All exhibition of 
recent works by • tIolen contemporary 
VieoneM ." .... to be on display et the 

Tue day, Februory 16 L993 

UCSD Sehool of Architecture "sllery, SuIIdII'4l 
409. University Center. Feb 1·20. 

Tuesday"ThursdllY 
• 9 p m.·2 a.m. - New lat. nilllrt coffM 
MuM on campus. "Cefe DIana at the Che." 
Man. Thurs .• Good music. Yummy baked 1l00dS. 
Specialty coffees + teas. Open mike ... (weekly) 

Tuesday.Saturday 
. 10a.m.·5p.m.(10a.m.·2p.m. Saturday)-
The WOrkS of 16 Vietnamese-American artists 
will be shown in "New TerrItory : The 
Vt.tnI_ ... rtlsts Project 1IejIns" at the 
Grove Gallery . 

Tuesday.Sunday 
• 12·5 p.m . - Three California artists will 
display the ir work In an exhibItion titled 
·Concept .... Sculpture: Body and Soul" at 
the Mandeville Gallery through Marcn 7. 
Artwork displays -diverse approaches. 
designed to elicit psychological and physical 
reactions from tho viewer. ' 

Tuesday. Feb. 16 
• 8 p.m. - 'RICInC II1II' - Price Center 
Theater. Repeats at 10:30 p.m. $I admission. 

Wednesday. Feb. 17 
• a.10:30a.m.- WlfrenCo!leCeCornmut. 
are_flit - Meet felloW commuter students 
and discuss commuter Issues. SeCOnd floor 
UterslUre Building conference room. All you 
can eaU Only 50tl (WCCklj1 
. 12 p.m. - WncIIonllle H ...... -Come out 
ana eat lunchwllll LGBA. Bnngyourownfood. 
(weeklyj 
• 4p.m . - ... Cace Clrc ... : UCSD Musk: 
Department PaJa Tribute to John ClCe -
Mandeville AuditOrium. Student perfonnance 
at4 p.m.: faculty performance at8 p.m. S5/ 
$3 for both; $4/ $2 for each. For information 
call 534-5404. 
• 6 p.m. - College Democrats at UCSD 
present State of \he Union "'ddr ... '93, 
broadcatst hllC In Price Center Ballroom. 
• 8 p .m . - " Timon of Athens" -
Shakespeare 's fable of the dollar value of 
man - depicting the life of TImon. who 
squanders his fortune on friends and beggars. 
Mandell Weiss Theater. Revelte CollC2e. $12/ 
general admission: $lO/faculty/ staff. senior 
citIZens: $6/students. Info. call 534-3793. 

'Thursday. Feb. 18 
• 6 p.m. - ... 11 you can eat Thursday night 
supper for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD Catholic 
Community. Come to the University Lutheran 
Church. (week/l1 
. 6 :30 p.m. - "A River Runs Through It" -
6:30 p.m .. Price Center Theater. Repeats at 
9 and 11:30 p.m. 52/ general admission: 
Sl/advance fee. 
• 8 p.m. - UCSO Jazz Combos - Directed 
by Jimmy Cheatham. Mandeville Auditorium. 
$5/ general admission; S3/ faculty, staff, 
students. 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry NICht at Cafe 01 ... at 
the CM. Bring your own writings. listen to 
olllers or do both. (weekly) 

Friday. Feb. 19 
• 11:30 p.m . - 800k SI",I", - Faculty 
member and author Faith Ringold will reael 
and sign copies of her latest book, -Aunt 
Hamet's Underground Railroad in the Sky." 
Bookstore Foyer. Price Center. 
. 8 p.m. - Duo Plano Recltel - Ruth Neville 
and Oanlel Koppelman wlil perlorm works by 
Brahms. Debussy. Lyon and Lutoslawskl . 
Recital Hall. Mandeville Center. $7/general 
admission: S5/ faculty, staff, students. For 
info call 534-5404 . 

Saturday. Feb. 20 
. 12·4 p.m. - Amnesty International Writ. 
a-thOn/concert - Music from Checkmate!. 
Contra Guerra. Snarl< and Theft Detergent. 
Bring a pen and a friend and write . dance + 
think about human rights . Price Center 
Ballroom. Free. 

Sunday. Feb. 21 
• 2 p.m. - Klcmor Music FunO-RalMr -
Featuring Jewish and Eastern European folk 
music. dancing. and refreshments to raise 
money for graduate students. Ballroom A. 
Prrce Center. S15/ general admission. 
• 3 p.m. - Two free tours of \he UCSD 
cempus are offered this fall by the UCSD 
Visitors Program. The bus tours are the first 
and third Sundays of each month from \he 
Gilman Infonnatlon Pavilion. The walking tours 
are on alternate Sundays from the Gilman 
InformatIon Pavlhon. Reservations: call 534-
4414. (weekly) 

RELIGIOUS 
SERVICES 

Tuesday. Feb. 16 
• 12,1 p.m. - Bible Study In the Book of 
'nalatlans. Price Center Santa Barbara Rm. 

Wednesday, Feo. 17 
. 6 p.m. - Student supper served by Lutheran 
Campus Ministry. Bring a friend. Open to all . 
UniverSity Lutheran Church (across the slreet 
from Revelle College). 
. 7 p.m. - 'Stre!lSed Out"- Bible study I~ 
by students ot the Lutheran Community at 
UCSD. Open to all . University Lutheran Church 
(Across the slreet from Revelle College). 

Fflday. Feb. 18 
• 12 p.m. - l5Iamic F~tlay Prayer In the 
Price Center. For more info. call Yusuf at 450-
4681. (weekly) 
• 6 p.m. - WMkend retreat for L..utIIefan 
Student Movement IIId EpIscopal CIIIIpUI 
MlnletrIes. University Lutheran Church (Across 
\he street from Revelle College). 

Saturday, Feb. 20 
• 8 p.m. - CreatI .. WoraIIIp sponsored by 
the Episcopa I/Lutneran young Adult 
Community. UnIversity Lutheran Church 
(Across the street from R_lie Coltece). 

Sunday. Feb. 21 
• 10:15 a.m. - LutIIer8n -.III, ..... 
All are welcome. University Lutheran Church 
(llerass the _ from Revelle Coltece). 

Tllcsc\ny, Fcbl'llur), L6. 1993 The U . D Guardian 

THE END ClF FREEDClM 
IN AMERICA 

THE OBJICTIVISM STUDY GROUP 
AT UCSD PAESENTS 

"EDUCATION AND 
THE DESTRUCTION 
OF FREE SPEECH" 

A LECTURE BY 

JDHN RIDPA TH 
On May 13, 1992, OSG sponsored a lecture at UCSD by George Reisman, 

right to free speech was violated at Pepperdine University. Dr. Reisman's 
disruptive and intimidating behavior , 

Professor of Economics 
by an organized use of 

[n hi s talkl Dr, Ridpath will: address the meaning of what happened last May; defend free speech; 
trace the causes of its destruction to post- Kantian philosophi cal lrends; and explain why students 
are, without their knowledge, being crippled and victimized by lheir so - ca ll ed "educators." 

John Ridpath IS Associate Professor of Economics and Intellectual History at York University In 
Toronto. He specializes in the nature and history of capitalism, individual rights, and the role of 
ideas in Western civilization. Dr, Ridpath 1S a member of the Board of Advisors of the Ayn Rand 
Institute, 

Dr. Ridpath will answer questions from the audience after th e 1 eet ure. 

WEDNESDA Y, FEBRUARY 17, 8:00PM 
WARREN LECTURE HALL 2001 

ADMISSION 53 FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
$1a GENIRAL ADMISSlaN 

Tickets on sale at the Price Center Box Office, or at the door 30 min. before the lecture. 

OBJECTIVISM: THE PHILOSOPHY OF 

AYN RAND 
Funded by OSGUCSD members and contributors; Funded by A UC D; and 

Made possible in part by the Ayn Rand Institute. 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~£IXI1 £ ID!I[il[il~Ill~~~~ 
!I~ £ ~lIl!llLID II ~ I1U[ill]J 

J~-~I 
-. 'r 1(O-(O',-.!1' 

.. . -- . -- . 

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED 
IN TUTORING KIDS CO IE TO 
£OI~OI~OI 11~[jl(!) ~a(H[I:r 

\W/JEJD\ lFlEIlli 11 [J @1IP>lMI 
lPIruIClE (c1tm C(0)W 

call the Volunteer Connection for more info 534-1414 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. ea rnings 

$ 14, 50 top 10% 
$29,6 17. prr spring Frr 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marke ting, 

sales, production. 
Positions going las, . 

Call now. 
1-800-400-9332 

The UC D Guardian Tuesday, Fehruary 16, 1993 

Volleyball Punnneled by LaVerne 
RyAn Root 
Associate Sports Ed;tor 

The Tritons continue to search for 
their fU'St victory of the year, limping 
through a season that i beginning to 
resemble the Bataan Death March.The 
injury-ridden UCSD men's volley-
ball team 10 t to host laVerne on 

Friday, 15-12. 
15-9, 15-9. 

Outside hit-
ter Neal 
O'Brien joined 
the Ii t of 
wounded for 
ues D after un-
dergoing finger 
surgery on Fri-
day. 

"We' re ba-
sically a walk-
ing MASH unit 

right now," UCSD Head Coach Rod 
Wilde sa id of hi injury-plagued Tri-
ton squad. 

"We're down to eight guys. Jfwe 
10 e anybody else, we're in real 
trouble," the coach added. 

The match with laVerne was a 
study in fro !ration for Wilde and the 
Triton . Problems with the officiat-
ing, or alleged lack thereof, frustrated 
the struggling UCSD squad. The offi-
ciating shortage was so bad, a specta-
tor was needed to help with the umpir-
ing duties. 

'There was only one referee there, 
but no umpire. [don't know what the 
problem was with the officials, but 
we had to ask Matt Brega' dad to 
come in and help umpire," Wilde 
said. 

The Tritons were never in the 
match. "We got off to a slow start in 
the first game, and a couple of crucial 
calls went against us," Wilde said. 

"It was real frustrating. When the 
officiating i that bad, the players tan 
worrying aboul call and stop focus -
ing on playing volleyball," the coach 
added. 

UCSD couldn 'I e tablish any mo· 
mentum and went down to defeat in 
Ihree straight games. "We gOI ham-
mered pretty good by laVerne," 
Wilde aid. 

'The loss was very frustrating. 
The calls, our play; ii's going to take 
some time to rebound from this los," 
the coach added. 

Wilde attribute UCSD' season-
long struggle to the rash of injuries. 
"We are having to shift OUT lineup 
constantly, and that 's affecting our 
continuity. We cannot get a stabi lized 

UCSD 12 9 9 

LAVERNE 15 15 15 

lineup right now," 
The arduous schedule i n't help· 

ing matters much. The Tritons, play-
ing in the highly competitive Moun-
tain Pacific Sport Federation, need a 
full, healthy roster to compete against 
the likes of UCLA, Stanford and USc. 

The Tritons resume conference 
play this Wednesday with a tough 
road match against Long Beach State. 
"We've gotta find a way to put it 
together," Wilde said. 

aill t "'ft.n_~d b .. t yo.1!: 
{-. 

Unlimited I --I 
Copies I I 
3.5C ea. I I I 

8.5 x 11 • 201 white I 
autofeed or seH serve I 

with this coupon I 
- . 

W ith Vis;! you'" be accepted at more than 
10 million places, nearly three times more than American Express. 

And that's not a misprint. 

Via It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

"Rejoice in the Lord II 
-..--------------- - --- _______________ CIVIIIIU.SAInc. 'Ial ___ 

Tile day, Febraury [6, 1993 T he UCS D Guardian II 

Faith 
Ringgold .~M~ 

Aunt Harriet·s Underground 
Railroad in the Sky 

Faith Ringgold ,authoroftheaward-winning Tar Beach, will read from and ign her 
late t children's book, Auntllarriel's Underground Railroad in the Sky. Ringgold 
isa professoroffincartatthc Univer ity of California, San Diego where she leaches 
for half of the year. She spends the other half in Harlem where she was born. 

Friday, February 19 
1:30 p.m., Bookstore foyer 

534-READ 

University of 0an Die80 
&hoolofLaw 

The University of San Diego School of Law 
invites all individuals interested in the study 

of law to an informational seminar. 
The program includes: 

• A discussion of the value of legal education. 
• Advice on how to finance law school 
• Demonstration of a first-year class 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1993 
poors Open at 10:00 a.m. 

Program - 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. 
USD Shiley Theater 

5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 
Following the program, an informal buffet wi ll be 

provided from 12:45 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. , where USD 
fac ul ty, alumni, and students will be available to 

. meet with those in attendance. 

Call (6 19)260-4528 for reservations by 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1993 

USC does not discriminate on the basis 01 sex. race. color. religion. age. 
national origin. anceslly or handicap in n policies and Pfograms. 

& 
PRESENTED BY: 

~[p m~l(\VJ 

University of California-San Diego 
Revelle Plaza 

February 23 • 11 am-5pm / February 24 • 10 am-4 pm 

SPONSORED BY: 

NillliUSA .. 

~€.11-~ maxell. 
C 111113 CBS Inc AN Aoghta R ...... od. 

A 1993 FORD ESCORT LX 
SPORT OR A WALK-ON ROLE ON 

~ UCSD 
. ~ Recreation 



, . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Student Center now has rec;ycling 
bins in hs parlling 101. Bins for cardboard, 
clear and oolored glass, aluminum, news· 
papers, white paper, magazines, and 
phone books. It IS very important to pre· 
vent oontamination in these bins. so please 
make sure Ihat only the proper waste is 
deposited I Thank you for your ooopera· 
tion. (214,2116) 

Do you need an on·campus Notary Pub-
lic? If so, call 587-7911 , (1/4-613) 

Want to woOl with kids? Come 10 ASK 
(Active Students for Kids) info night Feb, 17, 
7 p.m., Price Center Cove. For more info call 
VoIumeerConnection, 534- I 4 14. (214-2116) 

S,E.A.C. and NAKED EARTH PRODUC· 
TIONS presents: ECO-GROOVE AT THE 
PUB with ECODISC reoordlng artists 
NAKED EARTH. Saturday February 20th 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $3, available at the 
UCSD Box Office . (218-2118) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-bu ting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmair's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ......... ......... .488-1134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ....... ............. 455·0662 
Beans .......... ...... ........... 453·9252 
Domino's .................. .... 452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578-7892 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt ..... 452-0524 
Yakimono ....... ........ ..... 452-4255 

UCSD AUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Aufo ............. 695-1990 
Robert's .......... ... ........ ... 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587 -4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Atlitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit .. ......... ........... 483-9294 
Family Planning ...... ....... 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less ..................... 455·0909 
Dr Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford, DOS ........ 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSical Eye ................ 452·7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision Care .. .................. 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455 5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
CounCil Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ........... ........... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy .. .. .. ............ 457-1 007 
Kinko's ....... .................. 457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning .. ............. 455-1000 
MCA T Review ..... ......... 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ..... ... .. 274-ALES 
Torrey's ................. ..... .. 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill .... ... .... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
S!. Germain's ..... .... .... .. 455-1414 
Alila Elactrolysys ........ .454-6044 

The UC 0 GUllnlilln 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
studel11s (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MondayjorThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the righttorefuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian,A ttn: C/assifieds, 9500 Gi[manDrive, 
0316, lLI Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

BUSHGATE: FROM THE INSIDERS. Not 
printed In the LA Times, nor the Washing-
ton Post. Hear Daniel Sheehan, attorney 
who won the Karen Silkwood case. Torrey 
Pines Inn. Coming March 12. Keep watch· 
ing. (218-2118) 
GENOCIDE IN BOSNIA: With eyewit-
ness video and speakers: Feb. 18, 7 
p.m., Price Center Ballroom. FREE. (21 
t6-2/ 18) 
Education and the destruction of free 
speech, a lecture by John Ridpath, spon· 
sored by the Objectivism Study Group, 
Wednesday, February 17. 8:00 p.m .. WLH 
2001 , $3Istudents, $ I OIgenerai tickets on 
sale al PC Box office , or altha door. (2116) 

"Getting 111' Manifestation Workshop. 
Carmela Corallo P.h.D., mystic. Thurs· 
day, February 18, 7:30 p.m. Phone 436-
6595. (21 16) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $500-$1 ,000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. For details - RUSH $ I with 
SASE to: GROUP AVE, 57 Greentree 
Drive, SUite 307, Dover, DE 19901 . (1/4-
2I t6) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most positions filled by 
Feb. Gain val. expo managing 6-8 
employees, customers, and suppliers. 
Avg. eamings 6-1 6,000+. Call "University 
Painting Pros. - In/ClappL CALL 1100-525-
5877. (1 /7-3129) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA INCOME NOWI 
ENVELOPE STUFFING - $600 . $800 
every week - Free Details: SASE to 
International Inc, 1356 Coney Island Ave. 

Broo~lyn . New York 11230. (In-2I18) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 AN HOUR! 
Each member of your frat , sorority, team, 
club, etc. pitches In just one hour and your 
group can raise $1 ,000 In just a few daysl 
Plus a chance to earn $1,000 foryoursell! 
No cos!. No obligation. 1-800-932-0528, 
ext. 65. (1121-2118) 

Wanted: Umpires for La Jolla Little League. 
Good pay. outdoors, relatively easy. Starts 
sprong quarter. For more in fo, call Bryan, 
491-2768. (211 -211 8) 

Earn cash stuffing envelopes at home. 
Send SASE to P.O. Box 9643 Springfield, 
1.1065801 . (214-2116) 

EARN $1 .500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars I ... Begin NOWI FREE packetl 
SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 4000, Cordova, TN 
380 I 8-4000. (211 1-4/29) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1·800-436-
4365, ex!. P-3387. (2111-318) 

EARN UP TO $1 OIHR. Are you looking for 
great hours? Great $$$? And a great 
experience? Don't look any further. Markel 
for Fortune 500 Companies I CALL NOW 
1·800-950-1037, ext 17. (2111-2116) 
MARKETING: PIT position: $7-$121hr: ftyer 
distribution,door·tcxioorcontact. For details 
call Tom (619) 753-7614. (211 t-2I16) 
Southern California camp seeks program, 
administrative, health. aquatics, equestrian 
+ general staN. Girls resident camp. Ten· 
week season June through August . 
Resume 10 Julie Fabsik. 1231 UpasStreet, 
San Diego 92103. AAlEOE. (2116) 

INTERNATION AL EMPLOYMENT· 
Make money leaching basic 
oonversational English abroad. Japan and 
Taiwan. MakeS2,OOO·$4,OOO+ per month. 
Many provide room & board + other 
benefits l No previous training or teaching 
certificate required. For International 
Employment program, call the International 
Employment Group: (206) 632-1146 ext 
J5976. (2116-314) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Pub· 
lic? If so, call 587-7911 . (114-613) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. On 
campus and aNordabie . Call Mike 622-
1147, (1/14-3111) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near 
SI. Germain's. 452·9949. (1119-613) 

Need typingtword processing done? Will 
do any size job, any type of job. I will also 
do editing if needed or wanted. Call Carol 
481-6364 evenings. (1119-3111) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JETI Europe -
12411. Hewell • S1 21. New York " S121. 
Get your program description. AIRHITCH 
(r) 800-397-1098. (1125-2118) 

LA JOLLA TAN· Attention UCSD Stu-
dents!l La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from UCSD 
in the Renalssanoe Ctr. near Rubies Fish 
Taoos. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL - 2 
PEOPLE TAN FOR THE PRICE ON I I 
See our ad In this Issue or cail622-1122. 
That's LA JOLLA TAN. (211 -2116) 

TyplngIWord Prooessing!Tutor. Experi-
enced WriterlEditor. Laser Printer, "Emer· 
gency" service available. Call anytime 284-
66n. (218-2118) 
MOBILE OJ's - More bang for your buclk 
- KSDT's Party Pack. Call 534-DOPE 
(3673). (218-2118) 
Word processlngltyping. No job Is 100 
small. $2.00 per page . ..1ncludes laser print· 
ing. Call 899-9280. (2111-2118) 
Typing, word processing, editing : fast. 
accurate, lenerquality;24 hourlUrn around. 
Call Carolee 452-4223. (2116) 

Enjoy the Spring by leasing a horse · only 
3 miles from Campus! Jumping arena, on· 
site trainer, wonderful wilderness trails. 
Price and terms negotiable. Call 685·21 05 
anytime. Experience preferred. (2116-21 
22) 

WANTED 
PAID sperm donors sought for infenile 
Caucasian ooupie. Must be In excellent 
health. Confidential. 528-4020. (211-2118) 

Seeking TM meditators to form student 
organil.alion on campus. Call Michael at 
278-1314, leave message. (218-2122) 

Be involved in leadership. meet people 
and have funl Be a Warren College 
Orientation Leader I Applications available 
at Warren Dean'soffioe, 2ndtioorLit Bldg. 
No leadership experience necessary I (21 
11-2116) 

Guitarist seeks other musicians to play 
together for fun. Acoustic or electric. Infl. 
Galaxie 500, Dinosaur Jr., classic rock. No 
egos, please. Mike 558-7817. (2111,2122) 

Tuesday. Ft'bruary 16, L993 

GREAT BODY? Models needed for 
PLAYGIRLMAGAZINEITheBodyShoppe 
222-2886. (2116,2122) 

Male research participants are currently 
needed to lake parlin a study looking at 
maleallitudes toward oontemporary social 
Issues. Two frM movie tickets to any 
Landmark Theare will be provided for your 
time. II you are Interested please call 969-
6987 for more information, (2116-2118) 

AsslsIanceIor Qual. Rsrch Math. & Design 
course. Call Bernice 452-5690 
day or evening. (2116-2118) 

AdorsIacv-needed for student video. 
Non·speaking roles: 2 doctors, one walterl 
waitress. Call Julie 427-9781 ASAP. No 
experience necessary. (2I1S-2I18) 
Aan Gay MllnIIve)'OU imaresaBd in being 1*1 
ofal9S8lWdlprcjactCD DIll. tgsaxualidlrily'l 
GIl)' maIe,..-ell parIidpanIs In ~ tl 
.. p.-t in !tis stJct;. TIIOfnJe rn:Me Iid\eIs tl 
any I..a<ldrnatI Tll8IIi'e wi be prcMdedloryru 
timB. Fer rTUII .,Ul1"011 please cal 336-
00i9. (2116-2118) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, lnucks, boats, 4-wheel· 
ers, motorhomes, by FBt, IRS, DEA. Avail· 
able your area now. Call 1-800-436-4363 
ext. C-7556. (211 t-3/8) 
UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Computer 
homework at home I $157. Plug in and go. 
554-0414. (211,3111) 

LSA T Study materials, including past1ests, 
Princeton Review manuals, more. ~ 
o.b.o. Jeff (S19) 597-0632. (2I4-2I1S) 

14K Diamond ring 3.3 carats with panure, 
appraised $11 .200. sacrifice $6,000. Call 
454-2089. (218-2118) 

TENOR Trombone lor sale. Conn Direc· 
tor, Conn Lined Case, MinlCondition. Call 
454-2089. $450.00. (218-2I1S) 

SEIZED CARS, tnucks, boats, 4whee1ers, 
rroDhomes,byFBI, IRS, DEA. Availableyru 
Ina roN. call-a00-436-4363. (2111-318) 

Motorcycle, Kawasaki Ninja·250, '89, 
water cooled. White & red. Brand new 
battery & tires. Good oond. Runs great. 
Must see & test drive. $1350. Darang. 
453-8410. (2111-2116) 
Prince 'CTS Approach 90" racquet, excel· 
lent condition, paid $180. selling for $90. 
Call SooI1587-2709. (2111 -2116) 

1988 Vanagon· great pricelll Good trans-
portation, roomy, oonverts to bed. Call 
eves & weekend: 756-0941. (2111-2116) 

1960 VW single cab pick·up. Solid, no 
nust, orig. palntlinterior. $25001$3500. 457-
2369,943-1923. (2111-2116) 

Univega 10 speed bike, kryptonite lock. 
$60 o.b.o. Good oondition. Call Sarah 
457-0696. (2111-2118) 
Cute red scooter. '85 Honda Elite 5Occ. 
Low mileage, includes: registration, hel· 
met. parking sticker, Ready to use. $650. 
551 -9810. (2111 -2116) 

~nU~WIN(J ,~O. 

622·1122 • 8 Wolff Beds • 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r - - - - -, STUDE~SPECIAL I Buy ONE MONTH --, 
: 1 0% OF F any i unlimited .. ,a friend gets : 
I clothing purchase I FREE MONTH I I UNLIMITED TANS 

UCSD 
"IG'" Wednesday 

Nights 

-$1 
PILIMIRS " . 

,\O~ CC'~ ~Ir: \ .\~ 1,.,,) ." 
cJirY L------"The bes' ~sh and sondwich place in La Jolla" 

Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am-2am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21 /w student 10 

Tue da • February 16, 1993 

MOUNTAIN BIKE, Miyata, red, needs 
some fixing. $1 10. Call 62.2-0727. (2116) 
COM PUTER, Tandy I oooRL. Color moni-
lor, hard drive, expanded memory, m0-
dem, 24 programs. Immaculate. $450. 
521-2812. (2116-2118) 

MACINTOSH IMAGEWRITER 11 
PRINTER. Excellenl oondition, free muf-
fler and ribbons. $ 150 or best offer. Call 
793-0741. (2116) 

'84 Nissan Stanza, 92,000 miles, 5 sp. N 
C, CASSETIE, new tireSibanery, $2,7001 
o.b.o. 534-5392.1 0-7 p.m. (2116-2118) 

Guilar Amp: Mesa Boogie .50 Caliber 
Tube Amp, sounds strong, crystal clearl 
$450/0,b.o. 578-7210. (2116-2122) 

For sale: '78 Audi Fox, looks and nuns 
greal: good transportation. $ 1,500. Call 
558-2085. (2116-2118) 

, 

Apple IIc computer. Includes oolor moni· 
lor, keyboard, Imagewriter printer, and 
software, $500. Call Robert 450-97S1 . (21 
16-2118) 

HOUSING 
Why Rent?1 Save taxes I You can own a I 
bedroom oondo with view patio, new carpet 
+ paint. large pool, spa, + walk to UCSD. 
Eileen Agent 982-08 11 . (2116-2125) 

Own room. $25O/month. In Claire mont. 
Big living room and fireplace. 114 utilities. 
Call Karen 541-2073. (1/14-2116) 
Roommate wanted $34 1 .5OImonth + 113 
utilities. Malelfemale. "Hat·nin Pacific 
Beach. - Adriano 270-8592. (211-2125) 
Non·smoking foreign student wanted 
share apt. in Nobel Court. Partfyfurnished. 
Private bath. $450. Kambiz 452.()Q82. (21 
11 -2I t6) 

Roommate needed , own rm . with 
ocean view , deck, parking, garage, 
washer + dryer, in Cardill, 632-7043. 
(2/ 11-2125) 

Need female to share room. 2BRI2BA. 
UTC. $248/mo + 113. Kim or Linda 453-
2092. (2111 -2118) 

NEEDED: Female to share room & bath, 
$21 llmonth + 114 utilities. Call 625-0489. 
(211 1-2116) 

Roommate wanted · own room + 112 bath 
in N. Calairemont. $300. 274-4664. (2116-
2118) 

Own room in large University City house. 
$260 per month + utilities. Call 587-0227. 
(2116-311) 

Female roommate wanted · Spring quar· 
ter and/or summer Villas of Renaissance: 
4 pools, gym, clubhouse, washerldryer, 
underground parl<ing, close to campus 
and UTC. $300/month . Call Sherry 452-
2568. (2116-314) 

BIG room in 3-br University Heights Apart· 
ment. 53151month + 113 ulilities, Available 
3/20.546-1289. (2116-2122) 

Furnished room for female, private bath, 
in spacious, non·smoking La Jolla oondo, 
one block to UCSD campus, an amenities, 
$300lmonth + 114 utilities. 450-93301455-
9809. (2116-2125) 

Roommate wanted. University City $3001 
m. + 1/4 utilities. FeMale OK, preferably 
non·smoker. Leave message 457-7604. 
(2116-2122) 

Roommate wanted - own room w/con' 
necting bathroom. Pool, jacuzzi, private 
location. Laundry facilities nexl door. 
Non-smoker, male preferred. Del Mar, 
10-15 min. from UCSD. $385 + 1/2 utili-
ties. ASAP. Kurt 48 I -6096. New apart-
ments. (2/16-2118) 

The UC D Guardian 

House In Kearny Mesa needs room· 
mate. Pool , fireplace , month·to· 
month lease. $340. Call 627-0747. 
(2116-2/25) 

3 bedroom condo off Eastgate Mall, avail· 
able July or September, $1 140 month. 
Nina 792-6453. (2116-2122) 

Attention l Attention I Fabulous 4 bdrm, 
2.5 bh , 2400' home, L6 lot. 3 blk 
SDSU, pets . Perfect family grad stu· 
dents. Hardwood floors , deck, view. 
Avail 3/15 . $1500 mo. 222-8786. (21 
16-2/22) 

For Rent: Condo, Mira Mesa, 2 bed· 
room, 2 bath, one story end un it: clean , 
bright, QUIET. $860.00. 454-6462. (21 
IS) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Notebook left at Ihe Guardian office 
by a political science student. It be· 
longs to someone who works at KDST 
on campus. Cindy at the station ~as 
it. Or, call 534-3466 at the Guardian . 
(2 /8-2 /1 6) 

PERSONALS 
Shannon · Our ooed volleyball team needs 
you to set this spring I Please call Jeremy 
457-4878. (2116) 

Thuy, we've been through a lot together, 
but I neller really have told you how much 
you noean to me. You mean the world to 
me and I love you very much. Happy 
Valentine's Day. Love John, not Joel (21 
16-2118) 
Theft Detergent plays Amnesty Interna· 
tional Benefit Concert this Saturday at 
noon in the Price Center Ballroom. Also, 
Checkmate, Contra Guerra. Snark. (21 
16) 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colou~ Lazer Copies 
77(1: 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8"1/2 " x 11" 
only 4e 

FREE SEMINAR! 
THURSDAY FEB. 18TH 

1:30 PM 
1 ...... 11 .... Coli' "e,._s 

AbroN OffiCII 
·WOIfe LEGAllY., 8countnes 
'All i')?es of )Cbs c.l'llil and cIJeellelated 

'~oence mu-eo cU~lIe fioothe rode 
' fleXib<hly and d"o<ce )'OU cl'ooIe)OO" 
jOband 1oc"100 
DONT MISS THISI 

Sponsored by Programs Abroad 
Office & CounCil on International 

Educiluonal Exchange. 

If-IEDS 13 

(reg. S80/hr.1 r 
E lec~~~~~~n~ ~J ~~!!r,nen tsl.-4. 

Usins Disposable Needles 
9 yrs. experience 

Cal"orni. ReglSlered EI",trol':ljlIS:I" 
FREE Consultation 

Azi ta Amini 454"6044 
737 Pearl Street 
Suite #208-A 
La Jo lla, Ca 

92037 

• 
fULL SERVICE CAR WASH 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(,·\/ZWASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verd e Bl vd . • 587-4844 

e 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-rUCSD I 
~ 

La Joli. Villag .. Or . 

Z 
I ~tI.1 Dr . 

UTe 
I 

z_ ® i ~ ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

I 
: Full Service $ 99: 
! S~~6~ P!! !A~! 3,~~~ : 

A redesigned Peanut 
that gives you leg room 
and a separate Printer 
Cart. This gives you a 
completely versatile 
workstation at a great 
pnce. 

',I4Miillll 
Electronics Dept. 534,4320 

I C ·\R W.\SII Not valid with any Olher offer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 3/3 t/93 I 

~---------- -- -- --- _ _ ____ I 
r ---- ----------------~ 

2TANs$1: : I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a fr iend : 
130 T arl Days $2[j99 1 I 

I r 
"-------

Wolff Beds • Facial Tamers I I 
50rre =tr<_lWIY J 

• ?Jd:lO .... diyo t :l9.99(WltIl 1""''''"'') 
----------------r ------------------------

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS -; 
: Guaranteed ••. $48 $96 " J lost 11 inches, and my jeans : 
I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth ill" Lose at least 6" or you don't pay! - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercise or dieting_ Not a temporary water loss. I 
II I'E~FECT TAN I 

GOLDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla Pt. Lama State CoIJeee I I 3251 Holiday Ct. 455-0952 224-9727 697-8014 
\ :cr055 street from EI Toroto Pacific eeach Mi5510n V81ley La Mella I ~~OO~ ____ ~~~~ __ 32~39~ ___ 69~~_J 

I 



~ , 

The UC D Cuardian Tuesday, Ff'bruary 16, 1993 

Tritons Make It Eight 
MEN'S BASKE1BAL1: UCSD defeats Menlo, 79-75 in 
overtime, then handles Dominican, 102-94 on Saturday 
By Gregg Wrenn 
SPOrts Edlcor 

Eight down, three to go. That's the 
~e~n in a nutshell for the U SD 
rncn\ basketball team. 

With a 79-75 win over Menlo on 
Friday and a 102-94 triumph at Do-
minican on Saturday,the Tritons (14-
7) have won eight gameb in a row and 
nine out of their la. t 10. But those 
eight won 't mean much unless UCSD 

can finish out 
the year with 
win in their fi -
nal three con-
tests. The T ri-
tons need all 
three to have a 
realistic shot at 
the NCAA 
tournament in 
March. 

To get to 
eight in a row. 
UCSD traveled 
nonh to Menlo 

Colleg.: Friday night. They barely 
Illade it. Afler a three-hour delay at 
the an Diego airp0l1. SD lIead 
Coach Tom Mar..hall ~aid that "it wa~ 
olle of tho~e d,IY~ where everything 
was Ollt of ~ync. We played the tiN 
half III a fog ." 
, 111e Triton\ went to the locl-er 
100111 after the Iir~ t half down by 
three, .33-30. But UCSD began to 

pick things up in the second half. 
eventually taking the lead. 

But Menlo would nol go away, 
and when Jason Stamps hit a three· 
pointer at the end of regulation to tie 
it at 70, the Tritons had their backs 
against the wall. 

UCSD responded with a "pretty 
good ovenime period," according to 
Marshall and escaped with the four-
point win. 

Chri Moore led the Tritons with 
34 poinls. while John Spence had 20. 

Marshall al~o lauded the play of 
IWO of his players off the bench. ate 
Ilantgin picked up even points, four 
rebound. , four assbL and fOllr steals 
10 make the most of his playing time. 
"[Hantginl had some great minute 
for us," Marshall ~aid. 

"Chrb Re~\U also played very well, 
controlling the tempo of Ihe game. 
Overall. I' m pretty plea.~ed with the 
way we were able to play poorly and 
Mill win the game. But we will need 10 
play much better than thai in the fu -
lUre," Ihe coach added. 

De~pite deMroyi ng Domini an 
College. 107·73, Ihree \leeks ago at 
home, Mar,hall adnlllted he wa~ still 
"scared about th i\ game. Thtlt was a 

~lI uatiol1 where we were up and they 
I~ere down. bUlIhey'1 e beaten ~ome 
good teal1l\ lately and there\ a rea~on 
why:' 

Marsha lllUmed out lObea prophet 

as the Tritons and Penguins battled 
back and fonh the entire game before 
UCSD was able to pull away for the 
win. 

"We preny much held control of 
the game. but it w~ ju~t up and down 

oring all night. Every time we 'd get 
seven or 10up. they'd come back and 
cut it to two," Marshall said. 

The Triton ... weren 't exactly help· 
ing their own cause with a di mal 
perfonmance til Ihe free throw line, 
going 26-45 for the game. 

Despite only 15 point from 
Moore. the Triton were able to hold 
off Ihe Pepguins for the win. Spence 
had the hot hand for UCSD, drilling 
33 points on 13·21 shooting. Andy 
Swindall had a big game in the middle, 
hauling down 14 rebound~ whilescor-
ing 17. 

The defen e of Rodney Lusain 
was anolher highlight for UCSD. The 
junior point guard played pickpocket 
all night. tying the school record for 
thievery with eight steals again t the 
Penguin . 11te mark ties the standard 
set by Darvin Jackson in '91 and 
Moore earlier thi year. 

Marshall mw,t now keep his team 
focu cd on laking the remaining Ihree 
games one al a time. ~taning with 
Tuesday night ' showdown with 

ALA power Christ Collegeoflrvine. 
Marshall calls the conte t with the 
Eagles "a big. big game. We have to 
regroup after thb weekend and go in 
<l nd play a good game in order to 
win." 

Dan McDoweIi/ Guartlian 
Nate Hantgln had four steals along with sellen points Friday night. 

Regals Abdicate To UCSD~ 94-62 UCSD Takes Two Wins 
WOMEN'S lENNIS: spective matches for the Trilons. WOMEN'S BASKETBAlL: Tritons back over .500 again 

By Art Root 
ASSOCIate Sports EdItor 

The C 0 II ' llnH~1l 's basl-etball 
Icam climbed had ahove Ihe .500 
marl- II ith a 9-1 -62 humbling of vi,· 
IlIllg :11 Lutheran on Saturda) 
l ight. 

. imply put. the Tnton~ own Ihe 
Rq!aI~. ln I H hcad-to·head matches 
,lgall1SI Cal l.ulher,lIl. UCSD ha~ 
lIon 15time~. il1duliing 1:1\1 year 's 
II X --II romp. and thi, ear'~ con-
t~st was no except ion. The Triton:, 
II t'rc nevcn:hallcnged. as Ihey raced 
tn ,I -16·31 halfllme lead and nt:ver 
loo"cd bacl-. 

UC 0 was ju,t a~ steady in the 
,~cond half. Qut\coring the Regal ~ 
4X-31. Erica Scholl. continuing to 
enjOy a stellar ,eason, led the Tri-
Illns \\ tth 24 point~ ,lIld 17 rebou nds. 

choll. who,.: 30 rebounds again' l 
Southern California College back 

BASEBAIJJ: 
Tritons plit double-
header with Vanguard 
Continued from page 16 
Triton offense. going three for four. 
,IS UCSD picl-cd up more hits than it 
h,ld in ils prevIOus two games com-
bined. 

111 Tritons blew a chance for a 
doubleheader sweep, losing the sec· 
ond game. 4-_. either team looked 
an iou ' to go to work as their lethar-
gic play proved. UCSD W(IS clinging 
toa 2- 1 lead. thanks wthe bat of Craig 
Birk (3 for 3). when the Vanguards 
~truck for Ihree nllls in the top of the 
\Ixth. 

outhem California came up with 
\everal hit, in succe"ion, including 
an theroddpl.1yinwhichalinedrive 
up Ihe middle I,as deflecled by Ihe 
pitcher tow,lrd second ba.,eman Buu 

in December are Ihe 111 OM in college 
hasl-elbalL IS being menlioned ~s a 
po,sihle I\II·America election. 

The oUbidc shooting llil' ~pcar­
h atled b} senior g uard Tflcia 

tilwell. The 5-6 guard scored 15 
poi nb as she connected on five 
three·point altcl11 ph. oph more 
guard ara r-Iea,e had si\ points, 
and freshll1.111 Je,lI1ine Kirl...l and 
came off the bench to score ~even 
POlllh for CSD. 

The Trit ns are riding a modesl 
two-game winning ~ t reak. alld 11.Ive 
won tlm:c of thw la,t five. With 
two games remaining. the Tritons 
need one wi n to fin ish above .500. a 
re pwable showing when one con· 

sider~ the re lati ve youlh and inex-
perience of thl \ year's squad. 

UCSD will close out its home 
schedule this Friday I~ ith a game 
agall1st the OCCidental Tigers. 

Aaron. Aaron and a baserunner col-
lided. but because the ball had been 
detlected, 110 interference was called 
and the go-ahead run for the Van-

guard~ scored. 
Kun Luhrsen \0· I) lOok the loss 

for UCSD. 
U SD Ileild Coach Lyle Yates 

poimedolll both the positive and nega-
tive ~spects to the doubkheader. 

" 11 always feels good to get that 
til'St 'W', which is what we hoped to 
do. nfonunarely, we had a let lip [in 
game two I ... we were a little compla· 
cent." he said. 

"But, that's the sign of a young 
club. They're gelling the best educa-
tion po sible. whi h is right between 
the lines on gameday." the coa h 
added. 

Look for C Dtobouncebtlck on 
TuebdJ)' when the Trilon~ host Christ 
College of 11'\ int' ill :! p.m. at the 
baseball diamond. 

.' '. 
Jason Rttc~ie/Guardian 

Sara Mease had six points. 

Tritons 3-0 on the season 
By Art Root 
Associace Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's telUlis tearn 
remains undefeated this season after 
beating both Long Beach State and UC 
Riverside in home matche last week-
end. 

On Friday afternoon, the Tritons 
handled Division ILongBe.'lCh State, 6-
3. UCSD's Robyn !naba was an easy 
winner at number one singles. beating 
Michelle Velli, 6-4, 6·3. Atnumbertwo 
singles, Diane Chandler won a three-set 
banleatnumberthree ingles forUCSD. 

The Tritons swept the top three 
singles matches as Carla Nicholas 
stopped CSULB's Shannon Curley. 6-
4,6-2. 

In doubles action, UCSD took two 
of three match~ against the4gers. as the 
tandems of 1na00! M iki Kurokawa and 
Birdie Gessford/Chandler won their reo 

UCSD's next victim was UC River· 
ide. On Saturday afternoon, the host 

Tritons completely decinlated the Divi· 
sion II Highlanders, 9-0. 

111e most competitive matches of 
the day were in numbers three and four 
singles. as Nichola~and Kurokawaeach 
battled to three·set victories. At number 
three. icholas, playing with a pulled 
quadricep muscle, ciune from behind to 
defeat Katherine Satomkich. 1·6.6-2. 
7·5. Kurokawa was a 6-4. 2-<i, 7-5 
winner over Mara Medlicott in the num-
ber four singles match. "[Nicholas I and 
IKurokawa] were playing tight but 
played well enough to pull it together," 
UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante said 

LaPlante was "very happy" with the 
play of her squad. especially in doubles. 
'1'he doubles played very well, even 
though we're still [trying] find the right 
combinations. We' re very excited with 
the way everyone's playing," the coach 
said. 

UCSD Opens Season With 5-1 Win 
SOF1BAL1: Mazanet blasts three-lUll hot to lead four-run fifth inning 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team gOl its 
season tartOO the right way with a 
convincing 5-1 win at Point Loma 
Nazarene Friday afternoon. It was as 
good a start as the team could have 
hoped for. con ideri ng its roster consi 
of only II players, there is only one 
senior on the tearn and it was UCSD 
coach Paoicia Gercken first game at 
the helm of the Tritons. 

It was that senior. Meli Mazanet. 
who parked the Triton<; offensively 
during UCSD'sprodigiousfour-run fifth 
inning. UCSD was d wn 2·1 when 
11(mnonBan:hgot things rolling forthe 

Tritoru.. coming home on a WillI pitch to 
tie the game up. Mazanetthen ~tru k Ihe 
dc:Jlh biOI to the Crusaclcrs.going deep 

for a three-run home run scoring Sara 
Vaplon and Emily Rubin. 

Newcomer KriSlie McCauley was 
on the mound for UCSD and did the job 
admirably. "She pitched very well for 
us. She also fielded five or six ground 
balls defensively," Gerckens said 

The Triton defense. what Gerckens 
considers the tearn ' s weak spot, tumed 
out to be up to the task against Point 
Loma. In addition to McCauley. 
"[Barch 1 did a great job at third base." 
the coach said "[point Loma] had a 
grass infield and ours is just dirt. We had 
orne trouble fielding at first, but we 

adjusted to it." 
UCSD' offense also did a good job 

of adjusting, '''They had a reaJ quick 
pitCher. BUlas we tarted hining her, we 
gamed confiden e." Gerckeru. said 

Gerckens was also impressed with 
her tearn' s anirude to stan the season. 
"We were nervous as the game began, 
but we pulled together as a team and I 
thought that was importanl." the coach 

The Scoreboard 

UCSD 5 
POtNT LOMA 1 

added. 
"Itwasagood tan to the season. We 

rose above them, we just need to work 
on our communication some more. Our 
defense also needs to be more consis-
tent.lf",'Ccan field the ball and make the 
throws, then our bats will come around 

~ ""ell:' Gl!rckens said. 

TllllrSIIIlY, F,·hl'llllry II . 1993 Th(' UC I) G uunlian 

UCSA LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE 

TAKE ACTION,BE HEARD 
Come to the UCSA Leg islative Con· 

ference and Lobby Day , to be held March 
6,7. and 8 in Sacramento. 

The conference will inc lude 
prominant legislators, i sue panels on 
Fee. Financial Aid , and the Master Plan 
for Higher Education; workshops on 
lobbying methods, and a lobby day in 
which students visit legislators. 

The$20cost includes housi ng, trans-
portation. and some meals. Sign up with 
the A.S. Secretary on the third floor of 
the Price Cemer. For more infonnation, 
call 534-4450. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
in the Student Leadership 
Chambers, Price Center, 
Third Floor. Come and get 
involved!! 

A.S. PROGRAMMING 
General meeting on Thurs· 
day, February 18 at 7 pm in 
the Student 

ECo-GROOVE 
Come dance for the Earth to 
the funky worldbeat!reggae 
sounds of "Naked Earth. " 
This benefit concert with 
speakers and eco-info will be 
at 8 pm on Saturday, Febru-
ary 20, in the pub. For more 
information, call SEAC at 
534-7909. 

Leadership Cham· 
bers, Third Floor, 
Price Center. 

A.S. ALM SERIES PRESENTS: 

A RIVER RUNS THROUGH IT 
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Apply for exciting 
new positions on 
the ASUCSD 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18 
6:30, 9, 11 PM 

PRICE CENTER THEATER 
Academic Affairs 
Board , For more TICKETS $l1N ADVANCE, $2 DAY OF SHOW 
information, call 534-4450, 
or get an application from the 
A.S. Receptionist, Third Floor, 
Price Center. 

ASAP MEETING 
Come by and join Active 
Students for AIDS Prevention. 
Help prevent the spread of 
AIDS. We are dedicated to 
promoting awareness, educa· 
tion and volunteerism, Meet 
other students and to work 
with people that really care. 
The meeting is Wednesday, 
February 17 at 7 pm in Price 
Center Gallery B. Everyone is 
welcome. 

BLACK'S WINTER CLASSIC 
Surf Contest and beach 
clean-up, at 8 am Saturday, 
February 27 at Black's 
Beach, All contestants re-
ceive a free T·shirt, and the 
chance to win valuable prizes 
including a new surfboard! 
For entries and more informa-
tion, call 552-0920. 

FUND RAISING 
S,O.L.O. Leadership Seminar 
Series presents a workshop 
on how to get funds for your 
student organization, The 
seminar is at 7 pm on 
Wednesday, February 24 in 
Price Center Gallery B. 

GENOCIDE IN BOSNIA 
Muslim Student Association 
presents this eyewitness 
video with speakers on 
Thursday, February 18 at 7 
pm in the Price Center Ball· 
room. 

MASQUERADE BALL 
Come to this Semi-formal 
presented by Circle K from 7 
pm to 12 am on Saturday, 
February 27 in the Interna-
tional Center. For more 
information, call 457·0190. 

NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION 
Come to weekly meetings 
Tuesdays at 5 pm in the 
Revelle Commuter Lounge . 
Come and get involved. (No 
more Friday meetings.) 

PRE-PROFESSIONAL 
PSYCHOLOGY ASSOCIATION 
MEETING 
Come hear guest speaker, 
Dr. Ramachandran, speak 
about his experiences in 
psychology at the meeting on 
Tuesday, February 16 at 5 
pm in t he Davis/ Riverside 
Room, Second Floor, Price 
Center. Also be on the look 
out for sale of the Psychology 
Club GRE books. 

SANGAM SEMIFORMAL 
Sangam presents A Dance on 
a Boat on Friday, February 26 
from 8 pm to 1 am. Held on 
the Berkeley Boat in San 
Diego Harbor, there will be a 
live OJ, catered food, pic-
tures, and door prizes. Tick-
ets are $15 at the UCSD box 
office. All are welcome. For 
information, call 558-8103. 

'TIMON OF ATHENS' 
UCSD Theatre's will present 
Shakespeare's work February 
17 - 21 in Mandell Weiss 
Theatre. Tickets are '$6 -
$12, call the Theatre Box 
Office at 534·4574. 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Meetings have been moved 
to Thursdays at 5:30 pm at 
the yearbook office. If you 
cannot attend, or for more 
information, call 534-7491. 
Come get involved! 

15 

ill l! thc hi,lnrv or ,it!nirkaIlI Ch.IIl !!l" til thl' 111.1111 -
. li o!l and l1ati(in,li lll ' ,ICI hc t! il1l1 !; l ~ in Il)(\~. :111, 

inirmlllcc, .I di-,IIIl ,ltic I"jlll! l;r.llIllIl licllltlll,d 
IlIcrica \\'ho.:l\~ po.:(lpi.: or c\llnr :11'0.: the ncll' 111:1l\'rill. 

vio.:II' lI'ilh rC '.idcm, or Chi o.::I!!O. : Illll,IOII. '1'1111:1 
Iphia. Miailli . ami ,-:Icr:l l (lth ~ r CltlC' proh.: Ih o.: 
Clnging rcialioll,hip' hc'IIICl'l1 IIl'\\L'\lllll'\' :Ind l·,tah 
llo.:d I\~,idcnt s. TllI~ c(l lllpl' ll in~ Pl'llIdit Ill' 1 \I1 1l'rI~',1 

mc, ~()ng" pnL'tr). tratill inn.1l tI:lnc'l' ,l lId 1,.1 
Ihe dilcr,e Ilat i(l I1:llil il" 111\\\ pnplll.lll lI ~ I h ~ 

IIl11l11clltators : Dr. Pallid rll/-T,ll-a,l1. TIlIll ,.II11hlla 
d Dr. Leland S,lito. 

SLH 107 Friday, Feb. J 9 

Hey, Local Artists •••• 
IT'S SO EASY TO 

BE "'lJil~ 
\\ /; 

",\ <:, ::' ~ 
'" ,.;f:'.\:. 

ASSORTED VINYL 
local Jnisls/demos 
sold on consignment 
easy tcrmS ... inSI:JnI fame l 

l'es IJ Pricc Center 
(0 11)) 534-2m 

m·f 10-5 
sat 11-4 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hunger and hOl1lelessness in today's world is 

a realily. Help alleviate these problems by partici· 
pating in Hunger Awareness Day, February 27. 
Stop by the officc, or call and ask for Molly. 

Because of the recent flooding there are many 
people in need of ex tra help. The fo llowing items 
that are in particular need: FOOD: tuna. peanut 
butter. canned milk. beans, rice, bottled water, 
and other high protein staples. OTHER: waml 
clothing, blankels. chi Idren ' sclothes, shoes. socks. 
rain gear. sanitation supplies . diapers. toilet pa· 
per. andJlashlights. Most importamly you can 
help by volunteering to help clean up on site. If 
you are interested, come by the office. 

Want 10 help with kids? Come to A.S.K. (Ac-
ti ve Students for Kids) infonnation night Febru· 
ary 17 at 7 pm in the Price Center Cove. 

Volunteer Connection is located on the second 
floor of Price Center across from the elevator. 
Come by, or call us at 534· 1414. 

A.S. Newsflashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary 's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 

-

... 

.. 



.. 

GREGG 

unmt 
Going Flying 
Without Wings 

While nOI as socially shocking as 
being a professional wrestling fan, I 
must admit to a fascination with car 
racing. The need for speed, or 
whatever you want to call il. 

Take Sunday's Daytona 500 for 
el(arnple. Yes, I know it basically 
boiled down to a lot of guy named 
Billy Bob and Earl driving around in 
loud ca~ in a circle for 500 mile. 
but, in a way, it was so mu h more 
Ihan thaI. 

pectacles like Rusty Wallace 's 
ear being nudged by two olhers near 
the front fender make racing great. 

ow, dunng nonnal everyday 
driving it wouldn 'I be much more 
than a fenderbender. The driver 
wou ld g.:t ou t. -,cream obscenities lit 
each olher and call their insurance 
eompani~, the next morning. 

BUI that', 110t what happens at 
190 miles an hour. Fi~t. there is a 
wall. Logic suggests that if you have 
el(tremely large machines hurtling 
around an oval at speeds nearing 200 
mph. a concrete wall might not be the 
best thing to have in the near vicinilY. 
But there is a wall. and whenever it 
thinks people might be starting to 
forget what lin imposing imposing 
wall it is. it walks right up and 
introduces itself. 

On Sunday it introduced most 
notably. Ihough indirectly, to 
Wallace. TIle 66 car hit the wall, slid 
down the track and collided with the 
30 car. Both of these vehicles kept 
sliding down the banked track where 
they barely touched the front of 
Wallace's car. A nudge really. 

But this nudge sent Wallace 
sk iddin£ imo the infield. As he was 
gelling there, his nose lifted ju t a bit 
and suddenly he was airborne. Out of 
control and flying without wings 3t 
192 mile per hour. The front bumper 
dipped and !.truck the ground. This 
was gelling very interesting. really 
fast. With Ihe nose in the ground, the 
rear of the car did what the laws of 
physic said it should, it went up, 
pulling the nose up with it as the car 
cont inued its aerial somersault. The 
car flipped completely. end for end 
with a twist thrown in for good 
measure. while in the air. Allhe 
height of its flip. the undercarriage of 
the car was 15 feet above the ground. 

But that was just the beginning. 
As the car completed its airborne 
acrobatics it struck the ground again, 
this time sending the vehicle into a 
barrel roll. And another. And another. 
The car rolled 10 times in about a 
second and a half. two at the mo t. 

s it came to a rest, the car looked 
like it had just served as target 
practice for an M I tank. There's 
something undeniably fascinating 
about a pan where the commenta-
tors can say things like, "The car is 
d signed to disintegrate on impact in 
order to protect the driver," like they 
did for Rusty Wallace. Try saying 
that about baseball, 

The UC D Guardian Tuesday, February 16,1993 

Dan McDowell! Guanfan 
Eric Quandt slides Into home as the Southern Cal1fomla catcher has trouble hancllng the ball to make the tal durln& Saturday's action. 

e One of Two 
_BAil· UCSD wins first game 
of season, but plits doubleheader 
By Jeff Praught 
Guardian Reporter 

After a disappointing season opener away, the 
UCSD Triton baseball team held its home opener 
on Saturday. In fact. it was so nice to be home that 
UCSD and Southern California College hooked up 
for a doubleheader, with each team taking a game 
apiece. Once it was all over though, boIh teams 
looked happy to just be able to get home and get 

some rest. 
UeSD carne out of the 

gates quickly in the flJ'St 
game, with an early run in 
the bottom of the first in-
ning. Following a brief 
sec lead of 2-1, a pair of 
run in the third, one in the 
fourth and two more in the 
fifth gave UCSD a 6-2 lead 
through five innings. With 
staff ace Ryan Flanagan on 
the mound, the lead looked 
safe. 

But Flanagan began to 
lose some of the harpness he had maintained 
eatlier and relief was brought in. There was to be 
little relief however, as the Vanguards came up 
with three in the sixth and two more in the seventh 
to take a 7 -6 lead into what was scheduled to be the 
last half inning. The Tritons stayed alive when 
Dominic Dirksen provided the heroics with a two-
out base hit. driving home the tying run. 

Extra innings might have been avoided had it 
not been for a strange play in the boltom of the fifth. 

Dan McDowell! GUlrtllan 
Ryan Flanagan helped UCSD to an ~7 win. 
A patemial UeSD run was called back when the 
third base coach illegally touched the runner as he 
rounded third. 

[n the I Dlh in-
ning, however, Pat 
Hart came through 
with a ba es-
loaded single 
against a drawn-

The Scontboanl 
ueSD 8 2 

see 7 4 

in infield and UeSD had its ftrSt victory of the 
eason, 8-7. Steve Height (I-I) picked up the 

victory with Marcos Magdaleno powering the 
See BASEBALL, Page 14 

The Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S BASICEIIW.I.: UCSD 

streched its winning streak to 
eight games with wins over 

Menlo aOO Dominican. 
,..14 

wo.trIlEMD; The 
Trium defeated Division I Cal 

Stare Loog Beach aOO Division II 
UC Riverside. ,..14 

Jason R~chIe/Guan1/an 

The Headline Matchup: Baseball VI. Christ College cllrvtne, Tuesday at 2 p.m., baseball diamond. 
Other Games: Men's basketball at Christ College of Irvine, Tuesday, Men's voll~all at Cal State Long Beach, Wednesday. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

TUESDAY. FEBRlIAHY 16. J99.~ . PAGE S1 

SCIENTIFIC 
PROGRESS 
• A n~\V club work,> to build a sen-;e of 
cornlllunity ~U11ong black sci nee stud nt\ 
who say d1ey sometimes feel aliemted. 
fJ )' U /;', \ ' F N /;'{ ' ,\ f), F 1:'.1 '/'{ ' /U;' ,. F f) / TO N 

announced in one of her classes last month that she 
was staning a new club for science ~tudents. the Muir 
junior was pleased when someone was actually 
curious enough to a,k when the first meeting was 
going to be held. She enthusiastically infonned him 
of the date. and added that it was going to be called 
the Black Student Science Organization and everyone 
was welcome to join. 

To Smith' surprise. the interested person, who 
was white. didn 't show up, But she was contented 
with the impressive showing of about 20 students 
who did comprise the group's debut, all of whom had 
heard about the fledgling organiz:ltion by word-of-
mouth, and nearly all of whom were black. 

Attendance at the two subsequent meetings of the 
club, which has since renamed itself Empowered 
Blacks United in Science (EBUS), has held adminl-
bly teady. if not entirely multicultural. Only a 
handful of non-black Sill dents have ventured into the 
meetings so far. and all of them belong to OIher ethnic 
minorities, according to Muir junior Andrew 
Thompson, the EBUS treasurer. 

Thompson acknowledges that the name of tile group 
is probably an important reason why so few non-black 
Students have added their names to the ros&er. But he and 
the OIher officers of the club, while stressing thle non-

Mk:tII CIaft/~ See PROQRDS, Pace 52 

s~ • r C.'& LISS 
-.. I ..-If ~ 



2 Tuesday, February 16, 1993 The DGuardian 

A FLEDGLING aIJB TRIES TO FOSTER A SENSE OF 
COMMUNDY AMONG BlACK. SCIENCE snmENTS, WHO 
SAY TIlEY SOMETIMES FEEl. IN11MIDAI'ED AND ISOIA1ED 
IN TIlE ClASSROOM BECAUSE OF THEIR RACE. 

ContInued from page S1 
black students are certainly welcome into their 
fold, don't eem concerned about the possibil-
ity that their name is lanting the membership 
profile IOward the ethnically homogenized. 

"I don ' t think the term 'black empower-
ment'i any more raci t than 'white empower-
ment ' might sound." ay Thompson. "Ifsome-
one lets a name deter them from coming and 
actually seeing what the organization's actu-
ally about. then maybe it' s really not for them. 
If they don't want to give it a chance just 
becau e of its name. then maybe it's kind of a 
waste of time." 
Sense of Community 

Whatthe cl ub i about, the officers agree, is 
fostering a ense of community among black 
students in the sciences, who say they some-
times experience feelings of i 'olation in the 
classroom becau e of their race. 

"I think if there is a problem with white 
enrollment at UCSD, as far as retention and 
recruitment. then there would be a need for 
[white empowermentl," ays Thompson. "In 
my own classes. it just seems like I'd be one of 
only two or three faces in a large lecture hall. 
and that \ very disproponional to when I take 
a GE class :Ind I see many more bla ks in 
maybe the social sc iences or humanitie ." 

The officers almost unanimously used the 
word "intimidating" in separate interview to 
characterize their experiences as black icnce 
students in a predominantly white school. 

" It doe get discouraging when you're in a 
class where out of maybe 300, Ihere may be 
about five 10 10 blacks." says Muir junior 
Katari Campbell. EBUS outreach coordinator. 
"You feel like. you know, maybe there are 
odds against you. The function of EBUS i to 
let black students know thaI they can succeed 
just as well as anyone else." 

EBUS plans to take direct action to make its 
members feel more at home in their fields of 
study. Among the c1ub's planned activitie are 

group study sessions, information sessions to 
learn about various intern hips and scholar-
hip opponunitie available to minoritie and a 

program in which graduate students will act as 
mentors for undergrads who may need help 
learning the rope of university life. 

"A lot of people are coming from a different 
place. where they may be the first or second in 

m 
We want to solve these 
problems on our own, 
without having to ask 

for help from anybody. 
1bat's etnpowerm.ent. 

SIDNEY BlACKWOOD 
tBU. Co-Founder 

m 
college. and they really don't know a lot about 
the bureaucracy and how to get through it." 
explain Smith. "Mo t of the mentors are Af-
rican-American.1 think it's important that they 
are, just because they'll have a different per-

~pective:' 
The new organization has taken a specia l 

interest in making an impact in the community 
in order to help create a greater interest in the 
sciences among inner-city kids. 

··It seems to me." recall Sidney Blackwood, 
Warren junior and co-founder of EBUS. "that 
when I was in high school in New York, I was 
encouraged in science, but when [ came out to 
Los Angeles. there wa a shock at my request 
to be in honors classes. They didn', expect me 

to be in them. Looking back, I think it was 
becau e I'm a minority." 

Blackwood's experience i apparently far 
from unique. According to Campbell, inner-
city school are not provided with the same 
science foundation that other school may have. 

"It· just omething that traditionally Afri-
can-American students may nOl have been 
provided with in high school. Because they're 
not exposed to it. they don 't feel that that's a 
field which they can go into," ays Campbell. 

Minorities in science are up again t ignifi-
cant odds, he believes, and points oullhatthey 
are likely to face opposition by people who 
aren't ready to deal with their desire to study 
cience. 

"Racism is a reality, and whether you're 
dealing with fellow students that are racist, or 
professors or whatever, it sti ll exist ," says 
Campbell. "Anything that i n't the traditional 
ideal is hard for people to accept ." 

"We want to solve these problems on our 
own, without having to ask for help from 
anybody . That' empowerment," ay 
Blackwood. 

The membersofEBUS counton the strength 
of their numbers. Through cooperation, they 
hope to network not only with each other, but 
with professors and the community_ 

They also say that occasionally keeping 
company with people with whom they share a 
common bond helps to alleviate the unique 
stress of being a black student in science at 
UCSD. 

"It can be a very difficult experience," 
maintains Saundra Kirk, director of the Special 
Admissions Suppon Program of the School of 
Medicine. Kirk is a faculty advi or for EBUS 
and other ethnically-oriented suppon clubs for 
minority students in science. 

"They don't have the suppon that they 
need, or the n unuring that they need, or the 
cultural identification that they really need so 
that they can have a better experience at UCSD:' 

-------he explains. '''These groups give meaning to 
the students who ometimes feel isolated and 
alienated from the general ociety at UCSD." 

Kirk is a staunch supponer of EBUS and 
similar groups, and place great value in their 
ability to connect tudents who belong to eth-
nic minorities with uccessful people of sci-
ence who share their panicular cultural back-

m 
Racism is a rea1ity, and 
whether you're dealing 

with fellow students that 
are racist, or professors, 

it still exists. 
KATARI CAMPBEll. 

£BUS Outreach Coordinator 

III 
ground. 

"It's very important to have role models of 
your own race. If you don' t see someone like 
you in professorial and clinical positions. then 
it's very hard sometimes to see yourself in that 
role," she contends. 
au ......... u..... 

Though there are many student groups on 
campus for pre-professionals in the sciences, 
the members ofEBUS found that none ofthem 
quite fit their specialized needs. Some groups, 
for instance, were especially designed to help 
either Chicano, Latino or Filipino students, 
while others were a linle too political. 

"EBUS really isn't a political group at all. 
The discussion really doesn ' t cover social rac-

N· PARI N 
INnIlHA 110HAL .... 00 • 

• BOSTON loti 
Q UNIVERSITY > 
- LEARN HOW THE WORLD WORKS 

t:j 
~ 0 Q <: 

It's easy. iust come in Ina appointment) 
and take the next: available stylist 

BIOENGINEERING 
INFORMATION 
MEETING 

Information will be 
presented regarding the 
AMES Bioengineering 
Major as well as career 
opportunities in the 
Bioengineering field tor 
Bioengineering majors 
and other interested 
students. 

< ~ 
GlobaIlntemsh,l' CI"Id 
lang~/L.lberal Programs > 

• 
G") 

-4 Soi1'OO 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quali ty haircut 
Blow dry and slyllng $4 extra. 
Full service reg_ $21 ·$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
avallablltty of styltsts. To 
Insure faster servtce. Irs 
best 10 come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Oays M-F -S 9-6pm , T-W-T 9-Bpm 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 

Wednesday, February 17th 
Noon-1 p.m. 
Engineering Building 5101 

Speakers: 
Shu Chien 
David Gough 
Andrew McCullough 
Geert Schmid-Schoenbein 
Richard Skalak 

PLEASE BABY PLEASE 
.nd other Pe.-_ .. In tile 
ou .... l.e ........... 

Upstairs In the Student Center. Bultdlrc A. 

• 
~ :;a:s 

~ tr1 Z 0 t:d 
Z r-' tr1 
• • 
Q ::t 

~ > 0 
-"T1 

>< > 0 
• BEIJING • SYDNEY· MOSCOW • 
N~t: ________________________________________ ___ 

AddrHs: ______________________________ _ 
City/Stott/Zip: _________________________________ __ 

Phont:( ) Univtr'sity: _________________ 1 
FaU 0 Spring 0 Summer 0 19 __ 
tntemsNp PfogrQmt Language "ogroms 5ummef "OQJOI'nI 
OLondon 0 G<enobIe 0 London 
OPe,. DOIcIOId DMOdnd 
O Moscow o HollO DPooovo 
O Sydnev DMOdIld D Porb 
OWostington. DC DPodOvo DS'/dneY 
OBeijtng DO><IOId 0 Moscow 

reIum 10: 0 NiOmey 0 Bel.Png 
IosIon UnIoMIIy. DMIton 0/ k .... _1CII "ogronw ONO$I'oIngton. DC 
232 loy SIGle !load, IoIc Q, ao.ton. MA 022 t 5 01 cal (611) 15l-.... 

BARSAN, RICHARD E, DDS 
Board Certified Oral and 

La Jolla 
UTe 

Pacific Beach 

Maxillofacial Surgeon 

Imp] ants 

Corrective Jaw Surgery 

Wisdom Teeth and General Anesthesia 

100/0 DISCOUNT for UCSD students 
470 Nautilus, Suite 212, La Jolla ..... ... 459·5565 

SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAI LS Reg . $35 • 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 ' New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & PedIcures $15.95 
WaxIng Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facl.ls $25 Reg. $35 

11111 AND WOIIIII 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Not vllid WIth any _ olin Expires 312193 

DominIC Lobblal Guardian 

ism or anything like that," say Smith. 
Thomp on agrees. adding. "We're trying to 

get away from political commentary. to an 
extent. but maybe not entirely. because our 
focus wants to be more on cbs es and what 
kind of help we can offer. just to set people up 
for what's after graduation." 

According to Thompson. the group's 
mo t important function is providing a 
forum where people with the same 

cultural background and desire to 
'ucceed can get together and relate 
toeach other' problems and con-

cem . In doing so. he says the 
members of the club gain a 

cenain empowemlenl. 

"There's a lot of opponu-
nities out there that we just 
don ' t know about," re-
marks Campbell, "and 
when we all get together 
and share ideas and share 

what' s going on between us, it really helps us 
a 101. We realize that there's so many doors that 
can be opened." 

The EBUS officer agree that the recep-
tionoftheirefforts by thecampus thus far has 
been spectacular, with attendance at their 
three meetings holding steady in the mid-
twenties. The student government has been 
very supponive, as have the existing stu-
dc:nt science groups, and the reactions 
from member' friends seem to be decid-

edly favorable. 
"Everyone's really happy that we got this 

started up again," declares Smith. "We've had 
people come up to us after meetings and say, 
'This is great! I'm glad you guy have this. I've 
gonen a lot of information. , .. 

Even the members' non-black friends seem 

to have a favorable impres ion ofEBUS. Says 
Campbell, "Most of my friends, no matter 
what race they are, they think it's a good club. 
because if it' s helping you set up that connec· 
tion to do what you want to do, then why not? 
A 101 of people are pretty impressed by it ." 

"We're not isolating ourselves in this little 
bubble. We're trying to get out and work with 
other clubs. too." says Revelle first-year stu-
dent and club ecretary Terri Dean. 

Currently . EBUS is working with several 
other clubs on cooperative activities designed 
to cross racial lines. Upcoming i a CPR certi-
fication class in which several groups hope to 
participate simultaneously. 

lllis is not to say that EBUS will necessar-
ily try to expand into a more racially-mixed 
organization. "Its focus is blacks especially. 
not all minorities_ lllat's whom we're gearing 
ftoward)." stresses Smith. "We want everyone 
to know that that' s whom we're working for. 
basically, but everyone is invited to come. If 
wesaid. 'Club for Underrepresented Students,' 
then that's different. because first of all. .. we 
don ' t have other people on our board, so that's 
not who's represented in our club." 

lllOugh declining to comment on whether 
the connotation of the EBUS name might sug-
ge t the devalualion of its non-black members. 
Kirk says tilat she doesn't "walll anything 
negative altacht!d to this group." She points out 
that there is a lot more riding on the success of 
EB US and similar groups than sometimes even 
the members want to think aboul. 

"It's time for it all to stop," states Kirk. 
citing the attacks on previous attempts by mi-
noritie to band together against what she sees 
as a system which is less than sympathetic. 

"If there are targeted monies for. .. low-
income minorities. then I think we need to 
increase that kind of funding, and by the same 
token. for low-income whites. I think we need to 
be receptive to our Americanchildren who need 
an education." she says. 

SCHOLARSHIPS AND 
GRANTS AVAILABLE* 
NO GPA REQUIREMENTS 
NO INCOME RESTRICTtONS 
NO AGE LIMITS 
GUARANTEE 
We Will match you With at teast Sl. 
non-government sources ot ' ,nanclal 
a,d or your money back' 
DOUBLE GUARANTEE 

NOTHING'S 
FOREIGN TO US. 

You Will receive alleast $ t 00 In 
grants/scholarShips or we Will give 
you a $100 U.S. Sav,ngs Bondi" 
For Information and an appllcatton. 
send your name and address 10: 
TONY STRONG AND ASSOCIATES 
6285 E. SPRING ST., Suite 399 
LONG BEACH. CA 90808 
'Scholarshlps and grants available 
lor undergraduates 

"Full guarantee detal's sent With 
appllcatton 

COMEDIAN 
• llMCARREY I. 

" 0 from "I 
IN LIVING COLOR 

• 
o will be 

"PULLING • HE CEILING 
on OFF USD " 

• Saturday. 
Feb. I • 

d Oth 8-10 Pcf' 
lldI ... A........ $ll.5O USD"'~ Generai adJniss' 

III SIIUey theatre al USO 

Robert's German, Swedish & Japanese Service. 
At Robert·s . we specialize in foreign cars. And our huge inventory 

of shipped parts means your car will be returned FAST. 
And, of course, all work is fully guaranteed by 

Robert's Stress-Free Guaranteel 
For expert service on your import car. visit Robert's today! 

ROBERT'S 
GERMAN · SWEDtSH • JAPANESE SERVICE 

Notbing 's!oreign 10 US. 
1l 0 i IIIS$I()IjBnD~ I 

-

...... 275·1132 
~ -- 4630 Mission Bay Dr. 

MON.-FRI .: 7am to 5:30pm. SATURDAYS: 8am to 5pm 

-



;\(), no t rea lly , If I \\'a ~, I 
wouldn 'l have lime to he 
~c:t red of J11 ~lrn:lge , 

ANDREW J. A CARDI 
'l1lird Gmdl/(/Ie 

h I.'ry()IlI."~g<J! logO"()llll.'lInk' 
11111(.: nd 10 hI.' pIO(/lI l ll\ I.' (() IhL" 
\.·nd Th\.· o n I) lInlnlllln.111' 
l k.ll h I .~ (J 1l\.· t h.lt dll\.·~ IHII 
IIlt\"ITlI pi .1 nyt hlllg 

AAHON HE · MJ\i'J 
"!7lird Sellior 

Th(' U 0 Guardian 

ARE YOU 
AFRAID 

OF DEATH? 
Ph()!O~ and 1n!er\'i t: \\'~ by 

OIT PENNER 

'\0 J>L"lll.Ip~ thi .... I~ hl.'c:lu,,\,· 
1\ l' I1l'VL"r rL";dly coml..' 1.lcl.' to 
1.1U.: \\ Ith deJtll 'Ill l'<lI1tl'nt 
\\ IIh \\ hl'n: "111 .11 loti:l) . hUI 
IllI.' lutur\.·l.ll1 hI.' 1lllllllld.llll1g 

AMY JAMAR 
/?£'l 'el/e./ll II ior 

I IX'lie\"t: that death i~ o nly a 
brief tr:lI1!'>i rro n from o ne Iifl! t 
the Ill!Xt. But I'm hl..'!'>itantaho llt 
g i vi ng eve ry th i ng lip n w 
\\"hl!n I feci I've ill~ t Ix~gun . 

CHRIS THOMPSON 
'l1Jird 'ellior 

Solutions from your Apple Campus Reseller: 
a full Macintosh line for all your needs. 

You're not the only 
units this semester 

, 1 

71)(' 11('1/' , W I/ .. 
1/11(7111('1)." 1~1/lns Mil 

, ..... .. .. ~ . ..... <III .. .. 
, ~ ... '1 ......... - • • '" 

Tut'stiay , February 16, 1993 

'0, be ause if ou 're scared o f 
death, ),Oll C'an'tenjoy life. nd 
be ·ide:., l'mtoo youngt think 
or w orry aho ut it. 

YONGCHONG 
Wamm Sophomore 

Fear o f death is only ratio n:d if 
I h ave n ' t ye t fulfill ed my 
capabilities in life. O nce I have 
given to the w o rld what I can , 
death will he mo re acceptab le. 

MICHAEL RITrER 
.lIuir opholllore 

I~ight now, your Apple Campus ReseUer h~L~ til mo. t affordable new 
line of full-featured 1acintosh computers ever. Theres U1e Apl~e Macintosh 
Color Classic - a . olid p rformer at a remarkable price. The Macintosh 
LC Ill, which nms SOOo faster Ulan it'i top-selling predecessor, the LC II . A1'li, 

for even more power, the Macinto h Centri ~ 610. See these new computers 
today at your Apple Campus ReselJer. Where you'U get special student pricing, 
as well as service during coIJege~ And experience Ule p<mer of Macintosh ... 
The power more college tudenl'i choose. The power to be your besc _ 

I.. ---'1 J 
I I 1'1 'I II I computer center • 534-4291 • mon-fri 8am-6pm, sat 10a .. Spm 

""n. ",,,,,,,.. ,.lItjt .. .,... ' ....... Jh/It.,.. ......... 1ffJ/r IH.-."I • ...".,.~ ,.., ... trs C,.,." ""'~ 11K .111..-""""' ............... ... .". ..... ~I .,..,.. ..... IIt/lr """".., -~-n.rf''''''':ntI/(>HItr".. 
' .. 'IH ... t,.I". ••• _ ... ,(.",..~". tJr .... ".rrp6lrmIt ... _ .. " ....... ,IIt.,...I~". 

. ~ 
.r· 


