
Elsewhere 
UCLA To Purc ..... 
Westwood Playhouse 
LOS ANGELES- The 
UCLA School of Theater i 
planning to purchase the 
We twood Playhouse for $5 
million, de pite the fa t that 
the university doe not yet 
have the funds . Univer ity 
official aid that the purcha e 
will be funded entirely by 
private donations and by the 
current owner who wi ll absorb 
ome of the cost. While 

official said extensive 
renovation will be neces ary 
to upgrade the facility to meet 
theater department need . they 
did not ay how much it 
would cost. 

Berke.ey Ben Tower 
Serves as Storage 
BERKELEY- The famous 
307-foot bell tower at UCB i 
more than ju t a reminder of 
what time it i . The contents of 
the tower hold such curiou 
objects a remains of mammoth 
elephant , aber toothed cat 
and various other prehistoric 
creature . According to an 
elevator operator at Berkeley, 
the tructure was originally 
designed to house graduate 
students but now serve as a 
storage place for the Mu eum 
of Paleontology. Along with the 
bone, the bell tower house the 
practice room and office of 
Ronald Barne , who ha been 
playing the tower' 61 bells 
since 1983. 

UCD FraternHy Faces 
City Council Probe 
DA VIS- The Davis City 
Council was pre ented last 
week with the results of an 
investigation into events that 
took place in 1992 involving 
the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity . 
Council member Maynard 
Skinner said that problems with 
noise complaint , brick 
throwing and mattress burning 
need to be addressed by the 
council. UCD has granted Pi 
Kappa Phi eligibility to apply 
for registration as a tudent 
organization on a probationary 
period for two years. 

Inside 

VROOM 
HIATUS: A chainsaw-
wielding Jackyl opened for the 
Damn Yankees Saturday. H3 

SPORTS: Baseball fought 
to an eleven inning tie with 
Christ College of Irvine. 12 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
A .. MEETING NOTES ............ 3 
OPINION ................ .. ............ 4 
HlATU ............................. "1 
CLASSIFIED ........................ 8 

PORT .............................. 12 

T H E 

UC ANDIEGO TUE DAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1993 

A PRESIDENTIAL VIEWING 

Jason Ritchie/GuardIan 
The College Democrats sponsored this viewing of President Bill Clinton's first State of the 
Union address last night In the Price Center Ballroom. 

VOLUME78, I EI4 

High Court 
Kills Student 
Partisan Fees 
RUUNG: State Supreme Court 
deci ion may force tudent groups 
to fmd their own funding 
By Karen Spiegel 
Staff Writer 

The California Supreme Coun ruled earlier 
this month that university-mandated fees can 
no longer fund campus political organizations 
or special interest groups. The decision ould 
threaten the funding of a variety of groups. 
from the Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Associa-
tion (LGBA) to the College RepUblicans. 

However, the ruling on Feb. 3 did not estab-
lish the criteria nece sary to distinguish which 
groups would be affected, nor how students 
would decide what group they choo!>e to fund . 

Originally filed in 1979 by a group of UC 
Berkeley alumni. the lower couns had previ-
ously ruled in SlIIi,II I'. UC RegclI/s. er al. that 
the university had the right to impose such fees. 
The ca e has been appealed twice ~ince the 
original ruling and a writ of ceniomri will be 
filed by the university with the U.S. Supreme 
Court to appeal the latest decision. 

The coun ruled, by a vote of 5-2, that u ing 
portions of a mandatory student activity fee to 
fund campus organization wilh a partisan or 
ideological stance wa~ unconstitutional be-
cause it forced students to pay for causes with 
which they disagreed. The coDn c ited 
Berkeley's Right To Life and the Campu~ 
Abonion Rights Action League (CARAL) as 
examples of student organizations currently 

See RULING, Page 3 

New Math Class 
Asks Students to 
Take a Chance 

Brown Unveils New Loan Program 

By Suzanne Phan 
Guardian Reporter 

Chances are that a new experimental math 
and statistics course will be coming to UCSD 
stalling this Spring Quarter. "Chance," a course 
taught by both visiting Dartmouth Mathemat-
ics Professor Laurie Snell and UCSD Math-
ematics Professor Peter Doyle, will focus on 
real-life examples of chance events while in-
corporating the concepts of probability and 
statistics. 

"Math 13 - Chance," which has no gen-
eral prerequi ite except for high school math-
ematic , will deal with current issues straight 
from national cene publications like the New 
York Times, Science, Na/llre and Scientific 
America". The aim i to study those particular 
news item for which an understanding of 
chance concepts is required. 

"This course makes people better at reading 
and understanding i sues in the daily press and 
magazines that involve concepts of chance. It 
makes them more intelligent and critical read-
ers of the reports they address," said Snell, who 
developed the class at Dartmouth two years 
ago. 

Students in the class study statistical issues 
See CHANCE, Page 3 

BUDGET: State treasurer proposes 
new program to help middle-class 
students get low-·interest loans 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Staff Writer 

A student loan program designed to help 
middle-income families meet the rising cost ofa 
college education will be reintroduced by Cali-
fornia State Treasurer Kathleen Brown. 

In an announcement two weeks ago, Brown 
said, "The prospect of further higher education 
fee increases pose a growing threat to access 
and affordabi lity. [Califomia's] master plan 
promise of college education to all who want it 
- not just those who can afford it - is increas-
ingly under siege as cuts force even higher 
cost. " 

The California Alternative Loan Program 
(CAL-Loans) would be created through legisla-
tion irnilar to that propo ed by state Senator 
Patrick Johnston (D-Stockton) la t year. That 
bill passed both houses of the Legislature but 
was vetoed by Governor Pete Wilson. 

According to Treasurer's Office Spokesper-
son, Michael Reese, "The governor viewed [the 
loans] as an unnece sary program and said that 
California students could take advantage of the 
federal program." 

Although the federal loan program was im-
proved last year during the congres ional elec-
tion. "there was no guarantee that the federal 

Student Aid 
Total number of UCSD students : 17,500 

Number of students who 
apply for aid (enrolled 
students as well as 
prospective students who 
may not attend UCSD): 

12,500 
Students who receive 
aid of some form *: 

&,772 
-Aid includes grants. loans. 
scholarships and work study 
programs. 
Source: UCSO student financIal servIces 

Roger KIlO/ GuardIan 

progmITl would have the money to meet the 
demand [of the studentsl," Reese aid. 

"California should simply have a program in 
place to meet the needs of California's tudent , 
especially at a time of e calating student fee ," 
he added. 

According to Brown, the legi lature has cut 
assistance through it own Cal Grant program by 
15 percent this year and will propo e no increase 
in student aid allocation next year. 

See LOANS, Page 6 



2 NEW 

Guardian Wins Three 
Awards in Design Contest 
JOURNAUSM: Bi-weekly picks up two bronzes and 
an award of excellence in national competition 

Thl' UCSD Guardian captured 
three awards in the 14th Annual 
Beht ofNew~paper Design compe-
ti llon, the ociety of New paper 
Design (SND) announced yester-
da). 

T he GUClrdian won a bronze 
medal for Be,t Inside Page Overal l. 
competing al ng,ide major dail 

new~papeT'> like theNeli' Yu,.!. Times 
,tnd DCI//us Morlll llg f/ ('I'(J!c/ The 
award-wtnntng page. "Getting Out," 
wa, produced b~ former Design 
Editor JWlles Collier and fonner 
Graphic, Edn r Mel M arcelo. 

mong newspapen. with a clr-
culallonbetween 10, ,md2.J.999. 
the G /lUi citall won a bronze for Fe,l-

ture~ Ponfolio (awarded t oilier 
and Man:do). and captured an 
Award of Excellence for an Opin-
ion Page (awarded to olllt:r, 
M arcelo. Ed i tor in Chief Ben 
Boychuk and illu. tralor Kat ie Roe) 
for pnpen. wi th a circulat ion ofh:s, 

than 15.000. 
Collier called the SND awards 

" the Pul itzer Prize of visual journal-
ism." 

" Mo ·t colleges don ' t like to en-
ter contest ~ where they go head-to-
head( withmajordailie.J."Chanman 
added thm any newspaper thm win~ 
an SND award i, " in a very mall 
cl ub." ~aid D D irec tor Ray 
Ch'lItman. 

The Be~t of ewspaper De~ign 
competition iii an illtemational con-
teM which 13:2 new ·papen. entered 
thl, year. Be. ides the GUClrdwll,the 
on I) othercollege new papertowin 
all award was the Univer~ity ofBuf-
fnlo. which captu red two award, in 

it~ Circulation cmegory. 
The c ntes t was judged lailt 
wee~end ,11 Sy racu~e UniveT'>i ty's 

ewh u~e chool of Publ ic C m-
munication,. 

-By Philip Michaels, Senior Stall Writer 
and Francisco DeVries, News Editor 

Warren College Residents 
Are Flushing Less for Pizza 
By Terri Duggan 
Guardian Reporter 

Warren College res idents will 
soon be flushing their toi lets less 
and tak ing shon er showen. in an 
effolt to win big. A wmer conserva-
tion conte~ t . co-sponsored by 
W.AS.T.E. (Warren Acting to Save 
TIle Environment) and the H ousing 
and D inlllg Environment Commit -
tee. will run fr 111 Feb. 8 through 
M arch 5. The bui lding wi th the low-
e~ t ga llon~ of water used per per~on 
will win a free pizza party. 

W .A. .T.E. and Housi ng and 
Dining are "poll,oring the con te~t 
hecau .. e "W.A. .T.E. feels that ft!si -
Jenb can be m re conscientious 
wilen it eQme~ to personal water 
u. e." a cording to a letter written by 
W.A.S.T.E. chai r Sunny Park. 

" We are hoping that even after 
the contest is ver, student~ will 
continue to prac tice water conserv-
ing habits." she added. 

Housing and Dining Environ-
men t Committee chair Jules 
Delgallego agreed. "We can never 
tell , about the stare of the drought], 
but it' s always nice to practice sav-
ing water, 10 get in the habit, to 

R 
E 
A 
D 

continue it." he said. 
According to Janice Collin of 

the Public Affairs Office of the 
county Water Depanment. saving 
water is always a good practice, 
regardless of tile recent torrential 
rains. 

" We li ve in a semi -arid region. 
We are till encouraging people to 
c nsen e," she said. However. the 
recent st rms have put San Diego in 
a ~afe range. and Coll ins said that 
San Diego is .. tine for now." 

D~srlle thl!. good news. an Di-
ego b sti ll an area constantly in dan-
gerof drought. according to Coll i n ~ . 
W .A .. T .E. says that water usage in 
the Warrell ApartmenL, from Febru-
ary to March of laSt year was tU1 
average of 11.500 gallons per day 
per building. The spon~ors ttre hop-
ing to cut this by five percen!. 

W.A .S.T.E. will monitor water 
usage once a week for the duration 
of the conte. !' A communit chan 
will be displayed in front of the 
Warren Commons updating resi-
dent. on their water consumpti n. 

Delgallego said he will continue 
the campaign at Olhercolleges ifit is 
succe sful at Wanren. 

EVERY 

MONDAY 

GuAillilAN 
1ht I.tSOGu.ro.r1 ~ MiSI'td Itlndaysm ~ dIn1l1le -It<<by m\:lr IIle SIIIOionIS 
~ UCSO. ~ 01 17'1$ _In «'I bm. _ In _ or In g«\, _ pem1ISSIOn IS 

The UC D Guardian Thur8day, Febnlary 18. 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

.~ ,M,o~t"Nt "'Ie rS- "" E -t~ ' 5 w.y 
. ~ 

1." . ,s 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~ '"'.R·· .. I ME SS",CE 
, Ext 

SIGN -7 
, 

___ C' ' 

If '" ILL Bt C(o.llED 
• H\E WtlJIIII'\-\ OF 

I'ERSE.."E.R~(E • 

~ 
'ft.R'\ \\'\SPIRlt\G. 'tI1-I(o.T 

'tJIlI.. If LOOK L\\('£' ~ 

GoO ... ~srY£ 
SEEN 

PIJtIITING 
AAG~lS 
lUI M~O 

R\G~r . 

'SfRAt\G( 1\1(0., 
fI\£.R£' 'I'IO\110 
Bt. '3:l Mp..t\~ 
tN SIlSIt,'S 
~Rot-Ir ~Al/.\) . ........ ~~,_ 

DC President Peltason To Visit UCSD 
UC President Jack Peltason will make his first official 

visit to UCSD on Thursday, Feb. 25, taking part in a 
ceremony which marks the rededication of UCSD's 
renovated Central Library and the university's 125th 
anniversary. 

The event will begin at 10:30 a.m. with a tour of the 
expanded campus landmark. Peltason will be accompa-
nied by UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson, acting un~ 
versity librarian Phyllis Mirsky, Board of Regents Chair 
Mered ith Khachlgian , as well as members of the faculty 
and Friends of the Library. 

During his day-long visit. Peltason will rneet with 
faculty members of the San Diego Division of the 
AcademiC Senate and will attend a reception to meet 
members of the community at University House. 

AASU Sponors Examination of 
Minority Women In the Media 

The African-American Student Union is sponsoring a 
series of events this week at the Oceanview Lounge in 
celebration of Black History Month. During the last two 
weeks of February the focus will be on African-American 
women in the media. 

The event will culminate on Feb. 23 and 24 with a 
discussion entitled · Vo ices & Visions; African-American 
Women in the Media,' which will be followed by a 
screening of Julie Dash's film "Daughters of the Dust. ' 
On Feb. 24 an informal panel and luncheon will be held 
at Mountain View Lounge to discuss careers in the 
media for African-Americans. All events are free and 
open to the public . 

Native American WrIter to 
Speak at Ubrary Rededication 

. Native American writer N. Scott Momaday will present 
a lecture on Feb. 26 at 7:30 p.m. as part of the three-day 
rededication celebration of the recently renovated Cen-
tral Ubrary. 

Momaday earned his Ph.D. at Stanford and has 
taught at UC Santa Barbara and UC Berkeley. He is 
currently the Regents Professor of English at the Univer-
sity of Arizona, and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for 
fiction in 1969. 

He is known by many as the dean of American Indian 
writers and is the author of seven books including the 
prize-winning House Made of Dawn. 

Thurs:65·/54· FrI: 65·/ 55· sat: 66·/55· V.aterMy: 69·/52· 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DIIIGH COfIIULTANT: James COllier 
ILWSTIIATCIIII: Mich. Croft. Tal'll Eoff. Nathan Erlln. Speed Farris. Jennifer 
Halt. DominIC LOOOla. Alan Lun.n. Adriano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI SIlO'" 
_: Joel ""'010, WilSon Cheun • • Clnoy lin. Marcus LOOOla . CMIIOp/ler 
Lock 
rtIOTOGItAPttERS: Oavld Cho. Sidan Deb. Paul Mackey. jennifer Matthews. 

Lo~ M~cnell , Cnuck l'fIUyen. jennifer vann 
COI'YIIIAIIERS: Mlcnelle Chla",. Aron Miller. Jessie SprIn, .... Mal-lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
$tIIC1Iy~. e l993. 011 ~ _ . 1ht I.tSO ~ ~ not ~ lot IIle '"'" ~ 
~ IM'OISCIIIlIS 01 n 1ht>iows __ ~ pncs arc! sopG iIIIefS or _ 00 not 
nea!'$iIIy "",ser( IIle """"" ~ 1ht ucso ~ II1e ~ ~ t.lIibrIa. or II1e As_ 
SII.OerU 1ht I.CSD~ ~ flroed solely 0, ~"1- """ I. IIle eLdon' _ !O do.O<oIoous? 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate PIloto Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

OWEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
lAMlNE SEeKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Assoc;ate Features Editor 

ADVlllTIIING ASSISTANT: Tara Eoff 

BOB DeANDREA, Business MlJflII(ler 
MICHAEL FOUUIS, ActvertisJfII Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Actvertislfll De~r 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SlNIOR 'T,," WltrTEIII: Jenny Galan •• Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson. Brett 
Rhyne . Michael Schwartz . Sheoyt Wolcott 
S_WM1DIS: ElaIneC8muso. KristaClfpenter. AIDeI'! GartDaIClI, l<Irs\eM HaIYerSOn. 

Bo IIyHwarc.ChrtsJensen, Metissa_, ~Johnson.R_Lee.WeroyMcNeiIi . 
There._ Moore. Murall MOO<thy. Julie Palo. Paul Ph/lUllS. EIyRllbani. Bi_irRld ley. Kara 
saul. R,tu Saxena. Ale.aJ. Shennan. Julie Sherman. KarenSDieaet . Gre&OfySteohenS 

Editorial: 5~580, Business Ottice: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD QuanJlan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9209~316 
Actu" 10Clt"", : second Root. UCSO Student Center Bu,ld"" 'A' 

Thur day. Febnlury 18, 1993 

RULING: Court 
strike down fees for 
partisan student orgs 
Continued from paee 1 
funded that students hould not be 
forced to pay for. But the court did 
not peci fy whalOther groups would 
be considered political . 

Attorney for the appellants Ri-
chard Stephens said that the court 
has finally recogn~ed that political 
-peech shou ld be a person' s choice. 

" It i the right of the minority 
[that] the First Amendment is de-
igned to protect," Stephen aid. 

"Fees can still go to everything they 
were going toward [before]. But 
[with thi decision] those opposed 
[to a particular tance] can opt out." 

Regents' attorney Mark 
Himelstein said that the decision 
pre ents an unworkable situation 
and that any controversial group 
could be considered political. 

"Any group can be political. and 
frankly, that's what we're encour-
aging. Students should debate and 
discuss issues. It 's partoftheeduca-
tional process," he said. 

Himelstein said that the deci ion 
will breed intolerance on campuse 

CHANCE: New 
class will take a look 
at real world statistics 
ContInued from page 1 
ranging from election polls to the 
Pepsi/Coke challenge. Students also 
investigate medical issues such as 
the link between cholesterol and 
heart disease, thereliabilityof AIDS 
testing and the validity of DNA 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617. P{f spring F{f 
summer, manage 6- 10 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production. 
Positions going fast. 

Call now. 
1-800-400-9332 

since tudent will pick and choose 
the group they want to fund . Groups 
with a small following would be 
financially threatened, he added. 

"The only option [thi. decision 
allows] is to have a voluntary fee. 
BUI student government would be 
les able to operate." Himelstein 
said. He noted the dramatic fee in-
creases and the overall skyrocket-
ing cost of a UC education as deter-
rent of voluntary ·tudent donations 
to organizations. 

Other organization po sibly 
threatened by the deci ion are cam-
pus governance board - I ike the As-
ociatedStudent AccordingtoAS. 

Vice Pre ident External Colin Wil-
son, the decision will create a num-
ber of problems. 

"Smith [the plaintiffin thiscaseJ 
was primarily concerned with left-
ist groups. But the AS. [makes] 
political decisions for the benefit of 
all students. [The dec ision) changes 
our relation hip with the political 
environment," he said. 

Wilson noted that everyone. in-
cluding the AS., is trying to deter-
mine what the decision mean for 
them. 

"1l1e range on this is what '5 scary. 
We're waiting on a pecific inter-

testing in coun. 
" It is a case- tudy course dealing 

much more with real problems," 
said Snell. 

"There is often a tendency to 
cover much material in these 
course ," Snell said. "These rather 
frantic courses often do not have the 
time to cover real-life examples." 

The class initially examines an 
event, and then tudents apply con-
cepts of probability to better under-

FREE 
DOlEN . 

910wers £: 9f!s 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

I· CARNAIIONS 

• ;111 Diego, CA 92122 ;;8-6666 'i' 1:h PUI"""""'- ~ISIOllr nlI~ 'lit \.JtJ ",Ih .n) IIlJ'M..'f uK" e", .. II<m 

The UCSD G uardian 

pretation. It's all in the hands of the 
courts," he aid. 

UCSDCollegeDemocrat Presi-
dent Darrel Menthe also questioned 
the scope of the decision. "I 'm curi-
ous how they 're going to define 
what 's political and what's no!. What 
will then be funded?" Menthe asked. 

" Even non-political activity [by 
campus orgiU1izations] is political 
itself in that it disrra t student . I 
don't see how they're going to en-
force this without taking a stance 
themselves," he aid. 

Stephen di rni sed the issue of 
the fee itself, noting that money 
from mandatory student fees does 
not nece sarily determine viability. 

"The free marketplace of ideas is 
[ upponed by this decision] . They 
should be able to survive on their 
own ideas," he aid. 

According to AS_ UC Berkeley 
President Margaret Fonune, how-
ever. "Limiting the fundbase of ·tu-
dent govemment violates tudents' 
right to free. collective expression. 
[The decision] is di empowering to 
the tudents' ability to express their 
view and is a travesty of justice: ' 

The regents will seek to appeal 
this decision to the U .S. Supreme 
Court . 

stand the example. Although not 
meant to replace traditional statis-
tics courses. this class helps tu-
dent gain a better understanding of 
chance and its importan e in every-
day experiences. 

A ccording to UCSD Under-
graduate Math coordinator Kim 
Kelso, " Not only will students leam 
tatistics, but they will [be able to] 

look at issues in tOOay ' s society and 
develop a correlation to probability 

NEWS :J 

A.S. MEETI1\TG NOTES 
Problems In Cultural Programming Rnance Boerd Hearing. - Mem-
bers of student organizations involved in the Culture Quest Cultural 
Celebration, which was up for financial allocation during last night 's Cultural 
Programming Finance Board (CPFB) hearings, and two A. S. councilmembers 
voiced formal complaints about the conduct of members of the CPFB. Third 
College junior Lydia Zendejas and Warren College CPFB member Jennifer 
Craig each presented a letter to Council. Craig wrote In her letter, "The 
purpose of these boards are to fund student organization events , not to 
judge the value or the worth of the event, or the organization presenting the 
event. · The alleged unprofessional conduct of certain members of the board 
was also discussed in her letter. The Council approved the allocation. 

Co-opAgreement A.S. President Mike Holmes reported that he received 
no constructive response from either the university orthe co-ops, and on the 
advice of legal counsel will proceed to draft a revised Memorandum of 
Understanding. When completed, the Council will submit it for approval to 
the co-ops and the university. 

RlMAC I ..... - Warren senior Ely Rabani spoke to the Council about the 
possibility of placing a question regarding the RIMAC complex on the spring 
ballot following last month 's failed petition drive. · You [the Council] can 
thumb your noses at all those who signed the petition or you can actually 
do something: he said. 

UCB DlaeatabUIhment - Former University Center Board (UCB) Chair 
Chris Burnett told the Council that the temporary restra ining order he is 
seeking against the administration to block the dissolution of the UCB 
should be decided on Friday. Holmes distributed a copy of a resolution 
passed by Fifth College Council explaining its decision not to send a 
representative to the new student board Vice Chancellor Watson is forming 
to replace the UCB. 

- Compiled by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

and stat istics. Not only w ill ,the 
course] cover concepL in a broad 
way, but it looks at [issues ] also in a 
down-tD-eanh, mathematical level. " 

Dartmouth students who have 
taken " Chance" alsopmised its pmc-
ticality. 

" The course helped me see issues 
in a different l ight given the practical 
Lmathematical] background," said 
Morge n Sulli v an. a first -year 
Dartmouth tudent who took the 

course. " I feel that) can take a critical 
look at sc ientific and mathematical 
issues found in the media and be able 
to crit ique [their I validity." 

The class differs in organization 
from a traditional mathemati cs 
course. Rather than an emphasis on 
lectures. thecla'is w i II focus on group 
dis uss ions and will involve occa-
sional talks by outside experts. Com-
purer simulations wi ll illustmte thco-
retical concepts. 

APPAREL ZONE 

1'actory Out[et C[otliing Stores 

MIRAMAR 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

450-3323 

Locations: 
PACIFIC BEACH 

931 Gamet 
483-5150 

SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460-4370 

ESCONDIDO 
Escondido Promenade 

737-6167 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO O€VRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSO GU4rQIIJI1 ~. publlSNtd twICe. week 8t tnt unNersny of Callfomll. S8n Otego. COntents 
Cl993. Views e.J)ressad herein rept'esent the majOrity vote at the edllonal board, and .t8 not 

nec .... rily thOse 01 the UC Board 01 Regents. the ASUCSO. nor the eo"'. GuatTl.an stall. 

Thurgood Marshall Embodies 
The Third College Philosophy 

Could Third College finally be on the verge of adopting a name? 
Discus ion are currently underway to look into the po ibility of 
renaming Third after the late Supreme Coun Justice Thurgood 
Marshall. Even before Mar hall's death. several people had intro-
duced the idea to lllird College Provost Cecil Lytle. If the propo al 
meet the approval of univer ity administrators. the Board of 
Regents and MarshaJrs family, Third College, namele for 23 
year, could be known as Marshall College in the nOHoo-dis[am 
furure. 

This would not be the first time that a new name has been 
proposed for Third. In the spring of 1990, members of the college 
community agreed to rename Third after Dr. Martin Luther KingJr. 
However, the decision, which came after an arduous two-year 
renaming process, was shon-lived - in December. 1991. Corella 
Scott King announced she would not approve the use of her 
husband's name. 

According to attomey for Mrs. King and the King E tatc, the 
decision to rename Third after the slain civil rights leader might 
detract from the effort to build a King College in Atlanta. The 
announcement was an embarrassment university administrators 
would just as soon forget. After Mrs. King's refusal. Lytle an-
nounced that Third College would retain its original name. "I think 
[the renaming process I would go 011 for another two years, and we 
don'( need a four-year adventure on this," Lytle remarked at the time . 

Regardless of how reluctant admini ,trators may feel about re-
naming Third after the King incident, the proposal to change the 
name to Marshall college is a stroke of brilliance. Third College was 
founded on the idea of providing a voice for the segment of society 
which are disenfranchi ed - people of color, women and the 
handicapped. to name three. Throughout his Ii fe.lllUrgood Marshall 
was a tireJes defender of the di enfranchised, both as an attorney 
and a Supreme Court lustice. 

A an anomey inthe landmark Broll'lI 1'. BoardojEdllcatiollcase. 
Marshall argued for integration, providing the opponunity for an 
equal education for million of blacks. His decisions a ' a Supreme 

Counju~tice reflect a concern for civil right and individual liberty. 
Quite simply, Marshal1 reflects the ideals of diversity, liberty and 
equality that con titute Third College' educational philosophy. 

The final deci ion i in the hands of Marshall's family, ofcour e, 
but university administrators should make evel), effon to rename 
Third after Marshall. Marshall' s life was an inspiration. and his 
name would further influence l1lird student and the UCSD com-
munityas a whole. 

Vandalism and Theft Are the 
Consequences of Budget Cuts 

Every decision has consequences, and the consequences of 
budget cutbacks are becoming more and more apparent. Anyone 
who doubts that the UC's budget crisis isn't having a direct impact 
on students ' daily live hould con ider the following headlines: 

"Dill' ro a shortfall infundillg. the UCSD Police Deparmlelll has 
made ellis ill its Commullity Sen·ice Officer (CSO) program" -
Guardial/, Oct. 21, 1991 . 

"Vehieles Valldali:ed ill Tire Slashillg Spree Las, Week" -
Guardian, Feb. 16, 1993. 

The e stories are more connected than one might think. The 
decision in Fall 1991 to slash the CSO program completely elimi-
nated CSO day pmrols and cut night patrol service by nearly 29 
percent. The CSOsdo not only provide an e. cort ervice for students 
walking on campus at night. llley patrol the campus, acting as the 
eyes and the ears of the UCSD police. 

Fewer CSO mean fewer patrols, and that in tum lead to an 
unsafe campu . Is it any wonder, then, that 43 people reponed that 
their tires had been punctured last week? A quick glance at "Light 
and Siren .. will confirm that vandalism. theft and other crimes that 
might have been deterred by frequent CSO patrols are happening 
with alarming frequency. 

The budget for the UC system and for the UCSD Police Depan-
ment is adminedly bleak, and in unstableeconomic time, saclifi es 
have to be made. But protecting [he property and the safety of 
students. faculty and staff should be one of the few area that one 
cannot kimp on. The consequence of acrificing safety are far too 
co tly. 

Th UCSD Guardian Thursday, Februal'y 18, 1993 

PINION 

"TbP ZOY. OF 
SGCIRL SECURITV 

~FCIP1ENT S Tn 
r .... y MORE TAXES, 

USORRV Bo~, No EXCEPTIONS ~ n 

A WORLD WITHOUT HEROES 
WOULDBEACOLD~DARK PLACE 

COMMENTARY: Modem day cynics tty to tell US that there are no heroes left in 
the world - but heroes still exist, and this commentary is a tribute to one of them 

When my grandfather was ther and I would have breakfa t together. I would fix toost 
young and learning about democ- for the two of us and he would fix coffee. The most 
racy, he asked his father why ev- imponant thing for me to remember was to butter the 
eryone didn 't vOle themselves one edges of his toast properly. 
million dollars if they really could. During our time together, the world was totally silent 
His father, my great-grandfather, except for the gentle crashing of the surf down the beach. 
saw thatlhe young boy had grasped Neitherof us talked, because we didn't need to. There was 
the principle of democracy and an- a kind of solemnity in that silence. He sat in one comer 

MAlT 
swered laconically, "That' what hi coffee and reading, and I sat on a couch acros 

ROBIJ15IIJ1 
education is for , --" the mallroomalsoreading.Foranhouror 
son." 

It i not strange 
for my grandfather 
to be a prophet in his 
more peculativeand 

irreverent moments. He begins leners to 
me with such offbeat salutations as, "Inas-
much as we are amused observers of the 
pas ing scene ..... only to outdo himself ~y 
signing the letter"YourGrandparent*, E.A. 
Moore, P.c."The asterisk indicates a foot-
note at the bottom of the page which states: 
"male." And "P.c.,'· of course. mean that 
he is politically correct. 

I have often reflecled how much I value 
the friendship of my grandfather, espe-
cially in a world overwhelmed in the idea 
that Ihe human condition is characterized 
olely by angst and gUilt. 

Movies today are about government 
con piracies, or drug dealers, or portray 
every family as if it were dy functional and 
po se sed by the devil. Talk hows and 
tabloid news program seem to epitomize 
our world, where the victim reigns su-
preme in the race for poor self-esteem and 
vi ion ' of the apocalyplic are the only 
things to capture our attention. Our world 
has no heroes, preci~ely because il is inca-
pable of thinking heroically. 

The Ru ian author Dostoev ky wrote 
that, " ... there is nothing nobler, sironger. 
healthier and more helpful in life than a 
good remembrance from our childhood." 
One such memory for me was a ummer in 
which I consciou Iy remember beginning 

In this world 
ther ... two 
Idnds of 
people. People 
who talk to you 
.... peopIe 
who talk willi 
you. In our 
world of 
shouting, It Is 
.... allythe 
fOIlI .. , but my 
... ather 
alwaystalw 
wtthyou.OUr 
clSCUlllons 
since I have 
known him 
hav ........ 

so this would go on, until something so 
interested my grandfather that he broke the 
silence and we would begin to talk. 

There are two types of people in this 
world: People who talk to you and people 
who talk witli you. In our culture of inces-
sant and shrill shouting, there are usually 
more of the fonner, bUI my grandfather 
always talks with you. Goethe S<lid that the 
mark of civilization is found in its conver-
sation. 

My grandfather believes this implic-
itly, and our discussions since I have kllOwn 
him have ranged across every subject un-
der the sun. That summer I began to fight 
to sit next to my grandfather at the dinner 
table and our conversations have grown 
ever since. I remember nothing but the 
greatest sincerity from him, regardless of 
my youth or immaturity. 

One of the most special things about 
my grandfather is his insatiable interest in 
the opinions of others. He tirelessly en-
gages in what he calls his "one-man sur-
veys." These are questions on subjects 
ranging from the relalively obscure to gen-
eral political inquiries. 

My grandfather reads four or five books 
simultaneously, all befitting the life of the 
Renai ance man. He has traveled the world 
over and is one of Ihe pioneers of the 
aircraft and space industry. All these things, 
though, eem to be subordinate to h is inter-
est in the mystery of life. 

my friend hip with my grandfather. I was visiting my 
!,'Tandparents' beach house with my mom and two broth-
ers. I u ed to wake 31 six in the morning and my grandfa-

Nothing di tinguishe my grandfather 
more from our busy and deaf world than 

his wonder about how the it fits together. 
He ha been intere ted in every organization from 

See HEROES, Page 5 

Thursday, February 18, 1993 

OPEN YOUR 
MIND TO 
OTHER IDEAS 
COMMENTARY: Think 
you're an open-minded person? 
You 'd better think again ... 
By James Tocco 
Concributing Opinion Writer 

Opel/-mil/ded: adj. (I) hOl'illg or showing a 
mind receptive TO lIew ideas or arglllllellls. (2) 
/ll/prejlldiced. 

One timeless quality that the typical college 
student isknownforishi open mind. He is racially 
open-minded because he has several friends of 
different races, he is sexually open-minded be-
cause he has friends from both sexes and sexual 
orientations, he is politically open-minded because 
he doe n't vOle solely according to political party 
affiliatiOll. and he is anistically open-minded be-
cause he respects the artistic tastes of OIhers. But, 
as students, are we truly open-minded, or are we 
simply subjectively politically correct? 

Sparked by the president's call to lift the ban on 
gays in the military, the gay lifestyle in general has 
become today's most discussed issue. However, 
this general issue is not as newto the typical college 
campus as it is to "Donahue," or to the front page 
of the Los Angeles Times. On the whole, the issue 
has long been dismissed by college students as 
respect for an individual's personal choice. 

As I observe the college lifestyle, I nOlice a 
defmite lack of respect for true individualism, thus 
a lack ofindividualism itself. When I travel through 
the campus housing, and as I anend various on- and 
off <ampus activities, I see the same haircuts. the 
same clothes, the same races of people. I hear the 
same vernacular, expressiOll of the same anitudes 
and the same music. 

1l1erefore, when 1 see the same haircuts,c1othes 
and races, or when ( hear the same vernacular, 
attitudes and music, I never observe individualism. 
I merely observe a group of individuals with 
identical preferences. If( wishedto hear the expres-
sion of a different anitude, I would be forced nOl to 
find a new individual person. but to find an entirely 
different individual within an entirely different 
group of people. 

Some may dismiss this as simple human be-
havior - people feel comfonable and accepted 
around others who share similar tastes. But, then, 
what happened to students being open-minded? 
An open mind is not so lethargic that it seeks 
comfon through acceptance. Furthennore, the lack 
of true, objective individualism within the subjec-
tive groups is the primary force thai perpetuares 
stereotypical thinking; for comfort and laziness are 
the driving forces of overgeneralization, which is 
the primary element of stereotypical thinking. This 
is where things get ugly. 

A truly open-minded individual may be an 
impossibility, but some who defme themselves as 
open-minded are not open at all. Rather, they have 
dangerously closed minds. We all have personal 
preferences, but the dangerously closed-minded 
will shun opposing preferences and quickly push 
their preferences on to another. 

If I could earn units for the number of people 
who have been graced with the beautiful music I 
prefer, and then asked, "Why do you listen to thai 
nigger music?" I would be ready for graduation 
this quarter. These "open-mirxled" individuals 
degrade musical preferences with this expression, 
but deny charges of being racially closed-minded. 
No one person is guilty of being closed-minded; 
rather, the lack of individualism within individual 
groups of people is guilty of perpetuating it 

Baby boomers are often heard telling stories of 
their open-minded college days when they were 
going to change the world with their high ideals, 
but they usually speak of these stories as a distant 
past because, as they often say, "the real world 
awakened them." Well, I contend that "the real 
world" didn't awaken them, it simply allowed their 
underlying pmonaIities to surface. Thus, we as 
open-minded college studenrs are doomed to be-
come the closed minds of tomorrow unless we 
confront our Jethargic tendencies and encourage 
ourselves to respect the individuality within us. 

The UC D Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: A closer look how that Michael Jackson's inlage reflects much of 
what i amiss in the way Americans view race, culture and individual identity 

THE MAN IN THE MIRROR 

GREGORY 

!iflPJ{}! 

Okay. I confess: I 
walchedevery econdof 
Oprah' inrerview with 
Michael Jackson, ju t 
like one in every four 
Americans did. But al-
though I was as fasci-
nated as anyone' by 
Michael 's "revelations" 
about the strange trans-
fomlalion of hi s face, 
this media event seemed 
to me more like a post-
script to Ihe King of 
Pop 's NAACP "Image 

Awards" appearance. 
Jackson's live chat with M . Winfrey no 

doubt old more ads to the inquiring minds in 
the tabloid set, bul his "prodigal son" routine 
before a black audience on January 23 told me 
more about why Michael's face ha become 
su h an obsession for those of us living on Ihe 
racial frontier. 

Michael confessed that he was "surprised" 
when he won "Song of the Year" award for 
"Black or White." So was I, considering the 
hits he's been taking from fellow black enter-
lainers (see the vicious parody of this song on 
"In Living Color"), and the transracial mes-
sage of the song that seems so out-of-step wilh 
Ihe recent mood of much of the black commu-
nity. 

TIlen when Michael won the "Entertainer 
of the Year" award, a fascinating symbolic 
drama unfolded. "Even though sometimes he 
seems like a brother from anolher planet," said 
Wesley Snipes, "if you're from the black 
community, you know what planet he' s from." 

Michael sat in the front row, looking both 
embarrassedandpleased,almo tasifhewanted 
to hide his face behind his ungloved hands. 
The subtext was clear: Come home Michael. 
Michael phone home. Rumors that he was 
running from his blackness notwithstanding, 
the black community was staging something 
like an invitation song, taking Michael to its 
bosom and telling him where he belonged. 

Michael' long-suffering mother tood 
beside him, Patti LaBelle sang to him, and 
then two biracial kids led him by the hand back 
up on stage. Michael's comments seemed to 
indicate that he both accepted and resisted this 
prodigal son scenario. 

Michael made it a point to note that his 

HEROES: Society is 
looking for morals in all 
the wrong places 
ContInued from page 4 
socialist to free market and tasled every ideal. 
Any idea that passes through a room he is in 
will only strike a chord of interest and prompt 
more questions. 

We are notorious for being uncontrollable 
when together. At times, parts of the family 
will leave us alone togelher and we will cover 
subjects so wide and diverse and with such 
intensity that when the family members re-
turn, we have been known to ask when they 
were going to leave again. 

My grandfather is a noble man in a world 
that wants to extol human depravity. When I 
think of him, J cannot fail to recall that there is 
much more to the world than the mere mean-
ness and dross of politics and the wranglings 
of human disputes. This i an especially im-
portant lesson in world where everything falls 
under the shadow of polilics. Race relations 
and sexual relations are increasingly governed 
by the political realm instead of by individual 
moral responsibility. 

The smallest qUOle from a philosopher or 
tidbit of history can so animate my 
grandfather's soul that the room will come to 
life. The history of the sandwich (which really 

Watching Michael 
Jackson trying to .xplaln 
himself to the black 
community that night, I 
got the feeling that he 
was almost a tort of 
Jetus figure. He had 
"stigmatized" his face in 
order to become a 
tnmsracial or biracial icon 
- not so much out of 
disgust with himself as 
disgust with society's 
racial neurosis. 
music had always been about two thangs: 
"freedom and equality." He went on to define 
equality as "onenes ." making clear his ani-
tude loward racial boundaries. 

Like many people, it has hurt me to look al 
Michael these pasl few years. I reflexively 
flinch when I gaze at his face , which looks like 
a sort of emaciated porcelain Kewpie doll. But 
even before the true confessions 10 Oprah, I 
was not 0 sure any more that the mesS<lge his 
face projects is self-hate. 

Michael s:Iid he' had only two minor 
plastic surgeries, and pointed out. not unrea-
sonably, Ihat if everyone in Hollywood who 
had changed Iheir face went on vacation. the 
town would be empty. He denied that he had 
lightened his skin, claiming that it was a result 
of a skin disorder that his doctor idenlified as 
vitiligo. 

Do we buy his explanation? Maybe. Do we 
care? Certainly. So let 's entenain Michael's 
question about why we are so obsessed with 

OUr generation especially 
criticizes great men not 
because they haV. 
accompIIthed eomethIng 
great but becauee they 
haV. lOIII8 weird 
emotional quirk or some 
oppresslv. trantgressIon. 
We ....... 11 because our 
YItIon of what men and 
women can be Is small. But 
take my word for It. 1here 
•• men and women who 
... xampIes of how to 
1Iv. wtth energy, humility 
andw ...... 
is interesting) can evoke the same hardy laugh 
as a di cussion of Stephen Jay Gould. 

His wonder create an inimitable sparkle in 
his eye. It reveals his interest in life and Ihe 
people who urround him. Our modem view 
of angst and guilt in relations with other people 
seem ridiculou in his eyes. This is nOl because 
the question i unimportant. 

He truly is an amused observer of the 

the color of his skin. 
It is certainly true. historically, that our 

"mainstream" culture has idealized a Euro-
pean image. This explains much of why black 
people slraighten their hair and buy blue con-
taels. or why Asians surgically "unslant" their 
eyes. 

On the olher hand. while people Slill spend 
u 101 of money unstraighlening their hair and 
pursuing the ultimate Ian. So a 101 of us of all 
colors are not alisfied with what we see in the 
mirror. If we are notlrying to change our face, 
then we are trying 10 change [he , hape of our 
body, either through sweat or surgery. 

Change is the national mantra now. We 
don'llike the shape we're in. Feminists claim 
we're unhappy because of mascu I inist projec-
tions. Afrocenlric scholars claim we're un-
happy because of Eurocentric oppression. 
They're panly rigl.i. bur that's nOl :Ill. We 
don't like Ihe shape we're in becau e most of 
us are not in shape - physically. emotionally. 
spiritually. Somelimes thai image in Ihe mir-
ror is ju t a symbol of whal we want to change 
wilhin. 

''I'm starting wilh the man in the mirror," 
Michael sings. "I'm asking him to make Ihal 
change." He may have slarted with his face, 
but it's a deeper change he's hoping for. He 
seems toeqUaie facing down r.lciul difference!. 
with faCing up to our other problem~. He's 
asking for a world. as he sang to President 
Clinton at the pre-i naugural ball, in which "we 
change our swords into plowshares." 

Watching Michael Ja kson Irying to ex-
plain himself to the black communily that 
night. J got the feeling that he was aimosl a sort 
of Jesus figure. He had "sligmatized" his face 
in orderto become a transracial orbiracial icon 
- not so much our of disgust with himself as 
disgust with society's racial neurosis. I'm sure 
that Ihis lime on the cross was not tOlally 
conscious, but J sense a deeper design in his 
willingness to "disfigure" himse lf in order to 
try and "heal the world." 

We are a nation thai often confu~e~ loym-
bois of freedom wi lh real freedom. cosmetic 
change with real change. Michael Jackson 
himself has no doubt struggled with the same 
confusion. But the face he has shown to us is 
a mirror that renects our own. It is a thing of 
beauty and terror, a face of our future . See in it 
what you will, bUI have no doubt that all of us 
are going 10 have to make that change. 

passing scene precisely because for him. the 
world means omething and it is the job of 
every person 10 live the examined life. Like 
some modern Socrates, he has been known to 
gel into Ihe most intere ting converS<llions. 
whether they be with waitresses in Burbank or 
bus drivers in Costa Rica. 

Every little aspect of this world, no maner 
how minor, may provide the missing piece to 
how everything fits together. Life does not 
need to be confronted with overwhelming 
dread to be wonderful. My grandfather is one 
of the great joys of my life. And like most 
people the most imponantthings in life are nol 
questions of politics, but friendships wilh Ihe 
other people around them. 

There is a famous proverb Ihal no man is a 
hero to his valel. To this Hegel answered, "hul 
not becau e the fonner is no hero, but because 
the latter is a valel." Today we are all valets. 
Our generation especially cri ticizes great men 
not because they have accomplished some-
thing great but because they have some weird 
emotional quirk orsome oppressive transgres-
sion. We are small because our vision of whal 
men and women can be is small. 

But take my word for it. TIlere are men and 
women who are example of how to live with 
energy, humility and wonder. It has been my 
pleasure to know one. And if we want to be a 
great nation we should begin by looking to 
them as example. 



6 NEW 

LOANS: New 
proposal aims to help 
q ueezed middle class 

ContInued from pap 1 
The new CAL-Loans program 

would provide middle-income tu-
dents with fixed-rate loans to those 
anending four-year Califomia pri -
vate or public colleges or universi -

tie~. 
Ree e aid, "ICAL-Loansl will 

enable students to receive 15-year 
loans that have an interest rate of 
approximately two to three percent 
below the market rate [for student 
loans I." According to Ree e, this is 
about five percent less than the cur-
rent interest nile on students loans 
uch as the Stafford Loan and 

Unlimited I I 
.Coples I I 
a.5c ea. I I I 

8.5 X 11 ·201 white I 
autofeed or 5tH serve I 

I 

Supplemental Loan. 
Andy Shaw, execut ive director 

of the University of California Stu-
dent A ociation (UCSA). said, ",,' 
good to see people looking to help 
students. but we still contend [loan 
programs are] not the be t solution. 
There is defini tely a need in 
California'S tudent population [for 
financial aid]. We'reconcemed that 
there will be more of a move (Oward 
providing loans and a move away 
from gran t .'. 

He aid that such a change has 
already taken pia e at the federal 
level. " It' not a priority [of the fed-
eral government] to provide grants. 
TIle financial aid system is not keep-
ing up with the level of fees ." 

Director of tudent Financial 
Service!> Tom RUller reported that 

The UCSD Guardian 

approximatel y half the tudents who 
apply for aid at UCSD receive it in 
the form of a grant, loan, base schol-
arship or work rudy opportunity. 

Because a tudent who live on 
campu next year can expect to pay 
approximately $13,500 for housing 
and fee ,"We will have tons more 
loans next year ... it's not a good 
thing that the United States puts [hat 
much debt on people who want to 
go to college. bu t it' better than not 
going to college at all." Rutter said. 

He said that expanded work pro-
gram are needed and that more 
tate money hould be put into the 

CAL-Gr.mt program. 
According to the Treasurer ' 

Office. the funding for CAL-Loan 
will come from a tax-exempt bond 
i sue sold by [he California Student 

Loan Authority (CSLA), which is 
chaired by Brown. 

1lle new program would not be 
implemented at a direct cost to tax-
payers, Brown said. 

Criteria for receiving the loans 
and the details of the loan program 
have not yet been finalized. as such 
criteria are related to the bond sale 
by theCSLA. 

Another i ue to be worked out 
is the problem of exce sive loan 
default which would fall upon the 
college ,not the state. 

"The availability of the loans 
require that your institution partici-
pate in the program - they have an 
option. To make them financially 
sound at no costlo the taxpayers, we 
need the schools to make them e-
cure." Reese said. 

Thursday, Febnaary 18, 1993 

Reese noted that while there will 
be a reserve fund established for the 
loan , each in titution would have 
to agree to repurchase their own 
student ' defaulted loans if the re-
serve are depleted. 

Rutter said that the current fed-
eral programs available are a bener 
remedy panly because they would 
not place liability on the institution. 

'The federal govemmentjust fin -
ished re-authorizing the HigherEdu-
cation Act, which has new and ex-
panded loan program . Basically. 
those programs hould meet the 
needs of lower- and middle-income 
students." he aid. 

Reese said that he hopes the Leg-
i laturewillpas thebilltosetupthe 
program and that it can be up and 
running by the next academic year. 

r----
I 

----------------\ 

2TANS$:I: : BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

GuanII .... 
Adveftisin. 
534-3466 

I 
One for you. one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days $2~ I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I - r 
'-- ------

Wolff Beds I Facial Tamers I I s-__ 
• 2nd!O c.o .... t:l9.98(""" i"d-) 1 

---------------_/ r------------------------\ 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
: Guaranteed ... $48 $9& " /lost 11 inches, and my jeans : 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth ill· 
I Lose at least 6" or you don't pay! - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss, I 
II PERFEGr TAN I 

GOLDEN TRIIINGLE La Jolta Pt. Lorna SU~ Cotleee I I 3251 Holiday Ct. 455-0952 224-9727 697-8014 I 
acr05S street from Et Tonto Pacific 5each Misston Vatley La ~a ~~~~-----~~----~~~---~~~-~ 

(OLLEGE NIGHT! 
$1 00 Domestic Pints 

• Coors Light, Bud, &Bud Light 

$1.50 Premium Pints 
Samuel Adams. Guiness, Black & TaliS , 
Pete's Wicked Ale, & Bass 

$1.50 U Name It Shots! 
r-·--·-··--·-··-------·--·----

SOUTH OF 
THE BORDER 

$1.00 Fish Tacos 
$1.00 Rolled Tacos 

1 $1.50 Tequila Shots 
$1.00 

Corona & 
Margaritas 

i ~5.00 $3.00 : 
i U" Pitchers Refills ! 
___ •• _ •• _. __ •• _ •• _ •• _ . __ •• _ •• __ ._ .. _. __ .. _ •• ...J 

Sign Up to Wi;l a FREE HAPPY HOUR 
I We NOW Book Exchanges I 

909 Prospect St. La Jolla (619) 454-9722 

Thl' UCSI) Gllardian 

A N N u A L 

UCSD 

93 
ALL-CAMPUS CHILI COOKOFF 
with live music featuring No Doubt and Drown II 

UCSD 
TERNITY 

Friday, February 26 
12 pm, Muir Field 

benefitting 

BOYS & GIRLS CLUBS 

KAPLAN 
The ens we' 10 Ihl test qUI.tion. 

OF SAN OtEGO 

~SS3 
O Jl( c:::~r-==1 D) 

UCSD 
PANHELLENIC 

!Dim ASSOCIATION 

7 



8CLA 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on ·campus No· 
tary Public? If so, call 587·7911-
(114-6/3) 
S.E.A.C. and NAKED EARTH PRO· 
DUCTIONS presents: ECO-GROOVE 
AT THE PUB with ECODISC record· 
ing artists NAKED EARTH. Saturday 
February 20th at 8 p.m. Tickets are $3, 
available at the UCSD Box OHice. (21 
8·2118) 
BUSHGATE: FROM THE INSIDERS. 
Not printed in the LA Times, nor the 
Washington Post . Hear Daniel 
Sheehan, attorney who won the Karen 
Silkwood case. Torrey Pines Inn. Com· 
ing March 12. Keep watching. (218-21 
18) 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cY,. 

Japanese cars only. Includes new 
sparl< pi"". set tlmlmc. scope 
enclne. under hood check. 
'Ions. 8- P'C ~s. platinum pfu&s e.lr8 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C ,. D Auto Care 
Mon.-frt_ 7 anHI pm, Sat. 8-5 
6660 Miramar Rd .. suite C (behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

• rT\Ost C8f$ 

SPERM 
DONORS 

Healthy, qualified men 
ages 18 - 35 can earn extra 
cash by participation in a 

respected donor program. 

For complete information 
call (619) 265·2407 

THE FERTILITY CEN TER 
OF CALIFORNIA 

(reg. S801hrJ /" 
Electrolvsis Treatments(.~ 

tpertntl"enl hair rcmovill) 
Using Disposable Needles 

9 yrs. experience 
Cllilornl. RegiSlcred Elecllrolollist 'C"' 

FREE Consultation 
Azita Amini 454·6044 
737 Pearl Street 

Suite #206-A 
La lolla, Ca ATI~~~;;:; 92037 

The UC 0 Guardian 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
sludents (jor personal use only), $3 forfaculry and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any adverrising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds ,9500 Gilmall Drive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: SlUdent Center A, topj7001: 

GENOCIDE IN BOSNIA: With eyewit· 
ness video and speakers; Feb. 18. 7 
p.m., Price Center Ballroom, FREE. 
(2116-2118) 
Raging sex? Not really, but the next 
best sport for reducing stress is 
paintball combat! Looking for first-
time through advanced players with 
good sportsmanlwomanship to or· 
ganize group for games on (semi·) 
regular basis. Contact Eric (535-
1384lwork 558-1818). Garret (738· 
1042) ASAP. first game 2121. (2118) 
"Have a Heart. Give Wholeheartedly' 
1993 United Way/CHAD Kick-o ff . 
Thursday. February 18.1993. 11 a.m. 
- 1 p.m. Price Center Plaza. Live Mu-
sic. special prizes. agency fair. United 
Way/CHAD. It brings out the best in all 
of us. (2118) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS. Most poSitions filled by Feb. 
Gain val. exp o managing 6-8 
employees, customers . and suppliers. 
Avg . earnings 6-16 .000+. Call 
"University Painting Pros." Info/appl. 
CALL 800-525·5877. (1n·3129) 
EARN $ 1 .500 WEEKLY mailing our 
Circulars!. .. Begin NOWI FREE packetl 
SEYS, Dept. 19. Box 4000. Cordova. 
TN 38018·4000. (2111 -4/29) 

We currently have immediate 
poSitions available for a Research 

ASSOCiate and a Research Lab 
Assistant. Research associate 
position requires min 01 2 years 

exp in molecular biology 
(southern blotting. DNA 

sequencing). Previous laboratory 
supervisory experience also 
required. Research Lab Asst 

position requires min of 1 year 
exp In molecular biology. 

Positions will organize and 
perform liflkage study of Familial 
Alzheimer Ox. Southern Blotting. 

Polymerace Chain Reaction 
techniques. For immediate 

consideration, please submit 
resume or call : 

Dr. S.M. PIIIt, M.D_ 
Cedars·Slnal MedICiI Center 

8700 Ie¥erIy Blvd., DIVis Bldg. 
Los Anllllll, CA 91048 

(31 0)855-5166 

EXCellENT EXTRA INCOME NOWI 
ENVELOPE STUFFING - $600 -
$800 every week- Free Details: SASE 
to International Inc. 1356 Coney Island 
Ave. Brooklyn , New York 1 1230. (In-
211 8) 
GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 AN 
HOURI Each member of your frat , 
sorority, team. club, etc. pitches in just 
one hour and your group can raise 
$1 ,000 injust afewdaysl Plus a chance 
to earn $1,000 for yourself! No cost. 
No obligation. 1~932·0528, ext_ 
65_ (1121·2118) 
Wanted : Umpires for La Jolla Little 
League. Good pay. outdoors. relatively 
easy. Starts spring quarter. For more 
info. call Bryan. 491 -2768. (211 -2118) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1·800-
436-4365. ext. P·3387. (2111·318) 
INTERNAnONAL EMPLOYMENT -
Make money teaChing basic 
conversational English abroad. Japan 
and Taiwan. Make $2,IJOO.$4,~ per 
month. Many provide room 8. board + 
other benefits I No previous training or 
teaching cert ificate required. For 
Intemational Employment program. call 
the International Employment Group: 
(206) 632·1146 ext. J5976. (2116-314) 
Tissue culture position open for an 
energetic person in our in vivo + in 
vitro monoclonal antibody team. 
Scantibodies is a growing Biotechnical 
Company located in San Diego area. 
Qualifications include a BS degree in 
science and 2-5 yrs. of tissue culture 
experience. 258-9300. (2118-2125) 
Summer camp Posilions: Roughing It 
Day Camp in SF East Bay is hiring for 
summer 1993. Positions:counselofs,sv.im. 
ride. sports. waterfront emir. ed. crafts. 
Exper. refs. (510) 263-3878. Send resume 
klP.O. Box 1266. Orinda, CA94563.(2118) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on·campus Notary PUb-
lie? If so. caJl587-7911 . (1 /4-613) 
Macintosh text & graphics scanning. 
On campus and aHordable. Call Mike 
622-1147. (1/14-3/11) 
PASSPORTPICTURES!CWy$5.95. 'MlIe 
you wait. Xeroxes and rrore. Near St 
Germain·s. 452-9949. (1/1%13) 

Need typinglword processing done? 
Will do any size job. any type of job. I 
will also do editing if needed orwanted. 
Call Carol 481 ·6364 evenings. (1/19· 
3111 ) 
CATCH A RIDE ON A JET! Europe 
- $249_ Hawall- $129_ New York 
- $129_ Get your program descrip-
tion. AIRHITCH (r) 800·397-1098. (1/ 
25-2118) 
TypingIWord ProcessingfTutor. Expe-
rienced Writer/Editor. Laser Printer. 
"Emergency· service available. Call 
anytime 284-6677. (218·2118) 
MOBILE DJ's - More bang for your 
buck - KSDT's Party Pack. Call 534-
DOPE (3673). (218-2118) 
Word processing/typing. No job is too 
small. $2.00 per page ... includes laser 
printing. Call 899·9280. (211 1-2118) 
Enjoy the Spring by leasing a horse -
only 3 miles from Campusl Jumping 
arena. on· site trainer, wonderful wil· 
derness trails. Price and terms nego-
tiable . Call 685·2105 anytime. Experi-
ence preferred. (2116-2122) 

, 

Word processing: I will type better for 
less. All papers. Computer generated 
charts. graphs. and tables. $1 .75 per 
page. Call 457-2984 x241 . (2118) 
QUAUTYBARBERING!I LaJolia Bar-
ber Shop. Quality Barber, Hair Cuts. 
$8. 7760 Faye Ave .• Suite F, 459· 
5792. (2118-2125) 

WANTED 
PAID sperm donors sought for infertile 
Caucasian couple. Must be In excellent 
health. Confidential. 528·4020. (211-21 
18) 
Seeking TM meditators to form student 
organization on campus. Cal! Michael 
at 278-1314. leave message. (218-21 
22) 
Guitarist seeks other musicians to play 
together for fun . Acoustic or electric. 
Infl. Galaxie 500, Dinosaur Jr., classic 
rock. No egos, please. Mike 558-78 17. 
(211 1·2122) 
GREAT BODY? Models needed 
for PLAYGIRL MAGAZINE I The 
Body Shoppe 222-2886. (2/16-2/ 
22) 

THE C ENTER FOR l e ERIAN AND LATIN A MERICAN S TUOIES PRESENTS 

YAKIMONO 
Ja panese' FooO 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 

EngendeJing Wealth 
and Well-Being 

AN INTERNATIONAL/INTERREGIONAL CONFERENCE ON 
GENDER AND ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL TRANSFORMATION 

AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 ~ts Rd. (Valis Shoppillg Cellter) T'" ovI . • w. also oller COlering SONices. 452-4255 

L HOURS: 11:30-' "" (Mon.-TlMs.), 11 :30 _10 pow".' Sal), 5·9 pow Sundays ..I 
--------------------

February 18·19 at the Radisson Hotel La Jolla 
Sessions are free and open to all UCSD students and faculty. No 
preregistration required. Shuttles will leave the UCSD Faculty Club 
stop at approximately 8:20, 10:20, 1:10 and 3:10 each day, and will 
return participants to the campus at approximately 10:30, 12:30,3:30 
and 5:30. To request a complete agenda or for further infonnation, 
please call the CILAS office, 534-6050. 

Thursday, February 18. 1993 

Male research partic ipants are 
currently needed to take part In a study 
looking at male attitudes towartl 
contemporary social issues. Two free 
movie tickets to any Landmark Theare 
will be provided for your time. If you are 
interested, please cal! 969·6987 for 
more information. (211 6-2118) 
Assistance for Oual. Rsrch Meth. & 
Design course. Call Bernice 452-5690 
day or evening. (2116-211 8) 
Actors/actresses needed for student 
video. Non-speaking roles: 2 doctors, 
one waiterlwaitress. Call Julie 427-
9781 ASAP. No experience necessary. 
(2116-2118) 
Attn Gay Men l Are you interested in 
being part of a research project 
concerning sexual identity? Gay male 
research participants are needed to 
take part in this study. Two free movie 
tickets to any Landmark Theatre will 
be provided for your time. For more 
information. please call 338·0059. (21 
16-2118) 
Raging sex? Not really, but the next 
best sport for reducing stress is 
paintball combat! Looking for first-time 
through advanced players with good 
sportsman/womanship to organize 
group for games on (semi·) regular 
basis. Contact Eric (535-1384/work 
558-1818). Garret (738-1042) ASAP. 
first game 2121. (2118) 
Healthy men and women ages 18 to 
45 years old are needed to participate 
in a UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the eHect of sound on the 
eyeblink reflex. Call 543-2494 for 
information. (2118) 
Subjects NEEDED for VIDEO 
DOCUMENTARY. What is your most 
terrifying experience? Call 558-2328 
Craig. (2118) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks. boats. 4·wheel-
ers. motorhomes. by FBI. IRS. DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 1-800-
436-4363 ext. C-7556. (2111·318) 
UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Com-
puter homework at home! $157. Plug 
in and go. 554-0414. (211 -3111) 
14K Diamond ring 3.3 carats with 
parure, appraised $11 ,200, sacrifice 
$6.000. Call 454-2089. (218-2118) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks. boats, 4wheel-
ers, motorhomes. by FBI. IRS, DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 1·800-
436·4363. (2111-318) 
Univega 10speedbike. kryptoniteiock. 
$60 o.b.o. Good condition. Call Sarah 
457-0696. (2111-2118) 
COMPUTER. Tandy 1000Rl. Color 
monitor. hard drive. expanded memory, 
modem. 24 programs. Immaculate. 
$450. 521 -2812. (2116-2118) 
'84 Nissan Stanza. 92,000 miles. 5 sp. 
AlC. CASSETIE, new tireslbattery. 
$2,700/0.b.o. 534-5392. 10-7 p.m. (21 
16-2118) 

Guitar Amp: Mesa Boogie .50 Caliber 
Tube Amp. sounds strong, crystal clear! 
$450/0.b.o. 578-7210. (2116-2122) 
For sale: '78 Audl Fox, looks and runs 
great; good transportation. $1 ,500. Call 
558-2085. (2116-2118) 
Apple IIc computer. Includes color 
monitor. keyboard,lmagewriterprinter, 
and software, $500. Call Robert 450-
9761. (2116-2118) 
Bike Frame- Brand new 21 .5 Raleign 
· Peak .' Burgundy-Black ONLY 
$200.00 o.b.o. Cal! Travis 455-9039. 
(2118-314) 
Surfboard for sale. 6'10' $75. Call 792-
2872. Ask for Tony. (2118-2125) 
Mazda RX-7, 1980. Needs minorinte· 
rior work and major clutch repair. En-
gine, brakes and body OK. Can 't af-
ford to fix, must sell. $650/o.b.o. Leave 
message. Victor 558·6686. (2118-21 
22) 
SURFBOARD. 6'0·. Windsurfer also. 
Both excellent condition. Best offer. 
Must sell. 546-1210. (2118) 
DRUM SET -Pe8f1 Export, dbI-bass 
pel, cymbals, roeos, perfact oondIIIon. 
S55O- Cal KevIn 597-9230. (2118-2122) 

Thut' cia y _ Ff'b .... ary 18. 1.993 

Waterbed - supersingle, bkcasehdbrd . 
heater. conditioner. used sheets + pad. 
$70. MUST SELL 571-7118. (211 8-21 
22) 

Taking SCUBA class? All you need to 
start plus tote bag. Cecilia 631 -4430. 
(2118) 

HOUSING 
Why Rent? I Save taxes I You can own 
a 1 bedroom condo with view patio , 
new carpet + paint, large pool, spa, + 
walktoUCSD . EileenAgent982·0811 . 
(2116·2125) 
Roommate wanted $341 .50/month + 
1/3 utilities. Maleifemale. "Hat·nin Pa-
cific Beach: Adriano 270-8592. (211-
2125) 
Roommate needed. own rm. with 
ocean view, deck. parking. garage, 
washer + dryer. in Cardiff. 632·7043. 
(2111 -2125) 
Need female to share room. 2BRl2BA. 
UTC. $2481mo + 113. Kim or Linda 
453·2092. (2111 -211 8) 
Own room in large University City 
house. $260 per month + utilities. Call 
587-0227. (2116·311) 
Female roommate wanted - Spring 
quarter and/or summer Villas of Re-
naissance : 4 pools, gym. clubhouse. 
washer/dryer, underground parking, 
close to campus and UTC. $3001 
month. Call Sherry 452-2568. (2116-3/ 
4) 
BIG room in 3·br University Woods 
Apartment. $315/month + 1/3 utilities. 
Available 3/20. 546-1289. (2116-2125) 
Furnished room for female, private 
bath. in spacious, non·smoking La Jolla 
condo, one block to UCSD campus. all 
amenities. $300/month + 1/4 utilities. 
450-9330/455-9809. (2116-2125) 
Roommate wanted. University City 
$300/m. + 1/4 utilities. Fe/Male OK. 
preferably non-smoker. Leave mes-
sage 457-7604. (2116-2122) 
Roommate wanted - own room wI 
connecting bathroom. Pool, jacuzzi , 
private location . Laundry facilities next 
door. Non-smoker, male preferred. Del 
Mar. 10-15 min. from UCSD. $385+ 1/ 
2 utilities. ASAP. Kurt 481-6096. New 
apartments. (2116-2118) 
House in Kearny Mesa needs room-
mate. Pool. fireplace. month-ta-month 
lease. $340. Call 627-0747. (2116-2125) 
3 bedroom condo oH Eastgate Mall . 
available July or September, $1140 
month. Nina 792-6453. (211 6·2122) 
Attentionl Attentionl Fabulous 4 bdrm. 
2.5 bh. 2400' home. L610t. 3 blk SDSU. 
pets. Perfect family/grad students. 
Hardwood floors, deck, view. Avail 3/ 
15. $1500 mo. 222-8786. (2116-2122) 
La JoI&'Windansea Neat, responsible. 
mature sUIenVprofessioai (23-33). 0Nn 
spacious ~ room. bath, phoneine. 
Washer/ctyer, dishwasher. Near busInes, 
village, wall b beach. No ~ 
pets. $475.00. 459-1819. (2118) 
Own room in Playmore Terrace. $3151 
month + 1/3 uti Is. Spacious 3 bed-
room, 1.5 bath condo, washer/dryer. 
very close to campus. Prefer easy-
going male, junior. senior or Grad. Call 
587·8980. Alex or M. (2118-311) 
Master bedroom available i n 2 bed, 2 bath 
La JoIa del Sol ~ $438IIoonth. 
Pool, jaruzzi, fireplace. tree panong, etcl 
John or MigJel. 622-0586. (2118-2125) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED: Female needed 
to share very large master bedroom & bath 
w/same. I have a very cool cat & woutl 
prefer a cat bver. Located directly across 
from La Jolla Village Square. Closeklal. 5 
mn. wak kl UCSD. $275.00 + 1/4 utt. 
Deposit450.oo. Shanna452-6269or450-
0494. (2118-2125) 

PERSONALS 
Thuy. we've been through a lot to-
gether. but I never really have told you 
how much you mean to me. You mean 
the world to me and I love you very 
much. Happy Valentine's Day. love 
John, not Joel (2116-2118) 
Lamine - Happy Birthday dude. Re-
member. from now on. the beer is on 
you - Eds. (2118) 

:J{OTTlt, of the 'WorUl's 
:Finest (jOUf7TU!,t Coffee 

457·JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Booksrar) 

• Monday-Thursday 6 am-I t pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 nm.midniglll 
• Sunday 8 am-II pm 

The C 1) Guardian CLASSIFIEDS l) 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 

77Cl: 
No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11" • Sett-serve • C ash and carry 

ONE DAY 
Enlargements to 24" x 36" 

Mounting & Laminating 
Black & White Xerox copie s 81/2" x 11" 

r-------, only 4e I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

$100 OFF 
Any Cappuccino, 

Mocha, or 
Frosted Mocha 

On< perco. oomer. up. lI1J1l3. 

-------

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

THE INTERNATIONALLY RENOWNED SWISS MASK/MIME TROUPE 

MARCH 7· SUNDAY. 7PM 
MANDEVillE AUDITORIUM 

U(SD Box OFFICE 
534-6467 

"What A Great Experience!" 

~(iZ .... ~. 
... . ~~:::..;:sr.-..; .::!=.=-u. 

Learning the Langu<lgc. 
Meeting People. Coming face to 
face with history, art a nd archi-
tec ture, culture, food a nd fun. 
UNIVERSITY STUDIES 
ABROAD CONSORTIUM ... 
Small classes. Personal attention . 
Fully accredited - receive uni-
versity credit. We provide great 
classes in intensive' language, 
his tory, anthropolog , Mt, 
business, economics, political 
science ... Org<lnized field trips 
and more. YOII pnmidc IIii' 
l'1/ 01/1 sinslII . 
Un iversity Studies 
Abroad Consortium 
Unjversity of N vada 
Library - 322 

Reno, Nevada 9557-0093 
(702) 784-6569 

CH ILE • FRANCE • ITALY • SPAIN • AUSTRALIA • ENGLAND • JAPAN 



A.S. Lecture Notes 
HIRING NOTETAKER$ FOR $'93 

Roughly 30 positions available· $8.17 PER HOUR 
We are looking for highly motivated students to take 
notes in classes previously completed with a "B" 
grade or better. Please get a referral from career 
services before coming to the lecture notes office 
for an application and an interview sign-up. 

We will be accepting applications until 
Monday, February 22nd. 

We are located in the old student center next to soh reserves. 
Open 10 - 4, Monday-Friday 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
orl Lenses EXlended Sofl Lcn~e~ 

n I 111-1 

$159 $179 
Complete 
O~lI y ga~ peml. hard Baby blue. haLeI & 
l)m""n11 ()~ emerald . green 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

'i'ill'i Clalrcl110nl Mc,a Il" U. 

• Prof ••• lon.1 Servlc. 
• Quality Eyecare 
• R ••• onable Price. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
,'},l\ Ad.lIn, ,\ \ ~ . 

COMING SOON TO A THEATRe NEAR you. 

The UC D Guardian 

NEXT Up FOR ThE 
GUARDIAN ••• DUKE 

Jason RitChle/ GlWdian 
Associate News Editor Lamlne Secka heads down court durtng the 
Guardian's recent game with the San Dle&o State Dally Aztec. The 
Guardian upheld UCSO's honor with a 50-43 win over the Aztec. 
One of the few staff members who survived the ordeal, Secka 
ended up with around 1.0 points and 5 rebounds. 

Thursday , February 18,1993 

BASEBAIJ4: 
Tritons fight for an 
11 inning 5-5 tie 
Continued from page 12 

The Tritons were not about to lay 
down and die though. Once again, as 
they did in the fi rst game of last 
Saturday's twinbill . UCSD came up 
with a game-tying run in their last at-
bat. 

Davi ,who had come on to relieve 
Eagle tarter Gary Sussman (7 IP, 9 
H, 3 ER) in the eighth inning, b3ttled 
freshman Carl Abramson , wi th 
Abramson winning the showdown 
with a walle 

A fler Quandt sacrificed the runner 
to second. Davis issued walks to both 
Buu Aaron and Hart. loading the base 
with one oul. Up tepped Marcos 
Magdaleno (24, I RBI) with achance 
to tie the score or maybe even win the 
game. Davis' first delivery was 
scorched into deep right field, bul was 
tracked down just in time. Abramson 
came across the plate with the tying 
run, but the mlly was killed by a 
trikeout. 

Neither team could muster any 
offense in the 10th or 11th innings as 
both Davis and Luhrsen (4 IP, 0 H, 0 
R) worked quickly. The game was 
finally called due to darkne . 

Yates was positive about the re-
sults . .. It would have been easy, after 
a little adversity in the eighth, to say 
'It 's cold out, let 's just call it a day,' 
but my team' not like that and I'm 
sure proud of that." Y ales said. 

The Triton (1-3-1 ) will look for 
win number two this weekend,travel-
ing to Cal Poly San Luis Obispo for a 
doubleheader with the Mustangs on 
Saturday. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance. Health Plans 

Medi-Cat Accepted 
Visa. Master Card. Diecover 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO . 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI. 
(714) 851·1201 

ti:li7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Syracuse University 
Division or International Programs Abroad 
119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, New York 13244-4170 
315·443-3471 or 1-800·235-3472 

A World of 
SYRACUSE 

Difference 
ABROAD 

• Programs in Africa, Australia, Czech Republic , England, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, lIaly, Poland, and Spain 

• Prior foreign language not always necessary 
• SU credit 
• Field trips/lJ'aveling seminars 
• Internships 
• Study for a semester. a year, or a summer 
• Home or limited aparttnent placements 

FiMncW tl$sistanu tftJailable 

Thursday, February 18, 1993 The UC D Guardian SPOHT: II 

Tritons Lose To 
Eagles, 80-75 
M. HOOPS: UCSD falls in bid for ninth win in a row 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Aftereight wins in a row, the UCSD 
men 's basketball tearn couldn't keep 
the momenrum going, falling 80-75 at 
Christ College of Irvine on Tuesday 
night. 

If the game had started in the second 
half, the result would have been a differ-
ent stO!)'. UCSD (l 5-8)justcouldn ' tget 
things going in the first hal f. After jump-
ing out toa slim 13- 10 lead, the Triton. 
fe ll apart and the Eagles 
jumped OUI to a 22- 13 ad-
vantage. UCSDneverrecov-
eredand went into the locker 
room down 41-27 at the in-
tenni ion. 

him," Mar;haIlsaid "In the second half 
we howed we were cap:!ble of playing 
with them and maybe beating them. but 
overJlI. we just didn't play well. 

"It was a tough game with a ranked 
NAlA opponent. We knew we'd have 
our work cut OUI for us," Mar;hall said 

The loss put an end to the Tritons' 
eight-game winning streak al> well as a 
seriou crimp in any postseason plans 
UCSD might have been making. The 
Tritons havea reputation. but that might 

Trojans Skate 
Past UCSD 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD icc hockey te,Ull trav-
eled to Culver City on Monday night 10 
take on the University ofSolilhem Cali-
fornia. Unfonunately. Ihe trip ~uhed 
in a second straight road loss for the 
Trilons. ill> they were defeated 54. 

JUSI one week earlier. Ihe Trilon, 
lost to Pcpperdine in Ventllra. ':1-6. 

USC came Ollt nying III the fiN 
period. capitalizing on qUid. breakoliis 
!rom their own zone whi h resu lied 111 
an earl y goal.ll1e lest of th.: Ix:riod \I'b 
played evenly by bolh Icams . • md Ihe 
Trojans al the end 01 one pencx1. 1·(1. 

The T nlon offenS<! c;;me aliv • 111 the I S<!Conc peri o<.L :L, UCSD scored Ilm:c: 
IIllle, 10 lie lip Ihe ~ore after 1\\ 0. ;-"\ 
EJven Vallero nOiched UC D\ lirst 
gOJI wuh a wnsl ~hol thai npped P;L,l lhc 
Tropil goallender' s glove. 

Leigh HSlI ,hOI 011' the P,L" from 
Vallero on a power play III lie up the 
M:ore :!-2. 

The Tlitons' third goal of Ihe penod 

"In the fi rst half we had 
too many key errors. Our 
decision making was poor 
bothonoffenseanddefense," 
UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Mar;haIl said. 

not be enough t overcome 
illl early season . lump that 
had the Tritons al 6-7 at one 
point th is year. forcing them 
towintheir final l l games in 
olderto haveadecent chance 
at Iheplayoffs. "We sti II have 
an outs ide shot at the tourna-
menL it 's notadonedeal. but 
we will need to win our la'>t 
two games and then get help 
fromotherpeople," thecoach 
said. 

John Spence led UCSD with 24 points against Christ College. 
Wal> M:ored by Dan Meade. MC<lde al-
templed to dump the p"ck illlo Ih.: 01'-
fen, ivezone. bUI the puck had eyes of ils 
own ;U1d nomed p:l'l Ihe SC goalie 
and illio Ihe nel. tying the M:on; alllll\.:e. 

The Tritons turned things 
around in the second. bat-
tling back to within four 

The situation that would 
help UCSD the most would 

be one or even two losses each by both 
La Verne and Colorado College. 

ing in 41 points, while Bethany's Terry 
HicksdroveUC DcrJ.Zy with43poinlb 
of his own. 

The Scoreboard 

UCSD 75 
points, but never getting over the hump. 
John Spence led UCSD with 24 points 
while Rodney Lusain chipped in 18 of 
his own. The Tritons' leading scorer, 
Chris Moore. who is averaging 23.3 
pointsagame,hadonly 120nfourforl7 
shooting from the field. 

"It ' ll be interesting to see how we 
bounce back. I do know that we play 
better at home and nOl as well on the 
road," Mar;hall said of Friday's game 
again t Bethany. The Tritons have al-
ready faced the Bruins this year, eking 
out a 99-96 win up in Scotts Valley. 
Moore was up to his usual nicks pump-

Despite hi tean"s troubles this sea-
son, Mar;hall contends thai "our record 
doe.n't how it, but in some ways we're 

CHRIST COLLEGE 80 
Eric Ranheim M:ored in Ihe final 

pcliodlo tic lheM:oreal44. With about 
three minutes remaining in the game. 
USC scored a power play goal which 
IUmed Olit tO be the g,une-winner, 54. 

"Having [Moore) off the mark hurt 
u ,but he's had such a great season so 
far that we can't lump the blame onto 

a bener tearn th,m last year." Lusain ,md 
Moore are two reason ' why. Lusain 
was second in the nation in stl:<lls last 
week, and with 16 more in the past three 
games, the point guard may well have 

nllill ber-one as . .,i ~1 m.U1 in Ihe w~t rc-
gionand 121h in the nation, while Moore 
is the top scorer in the west. Marshall 
said that "this is the fi rst time for this 

111e Tritons pulled Iheir goalie for 
Ihe extra attacker in the final minute. 
UCSD hit the goalposl wilh 30 seconds 
to play. bUI wa~ nOI able 10 pU llhe puck 
in Ihe net. 

takenoverthetopspOlwhenthemnkings team 10 have the we:. t region leaders in 
are announced today. Lusain is also the three categories." 

Do basketball players tend to shoot in streaks? Contrary to the belief of 
fans and commentators, an analysis by Tversky and Gi lovich of games by 
the 76ers and the Cornell men 's varsity showed the chances of hitting a 
shot are as good after a miss as after a hit. Their conclusion: "Passing the 
ball to the hot player, who is guarded closely by the opposing team, may 
be a non-optimal strategy .... Like other cognitive illusions, the belief in 
the hot hand could be costly." 

Course description for Mathematics 13: CHANCE 
Peter Doyle and J. Laurie Snell 

Spring Quarter 1993 
Tu,Th 1:00·2:20, Peterson Hall 103 

This course will provide case study examinations of current issues 
requiring, for their understanding, analyses of chance events. Typical 
issues we will consider are: infonned medical decisions, reliability of 
political and opinion polls, testing for AIDS, streaks in sports, statist ics 
in law, and gambling in the casino and in the stock market. We will 
analyze recent newspaper and magazine articles relating to particular 
issues, and develop the necessary probability and statistics concepts in the 
context of these issues. Prerequisites: none. 

Pacific B e a c h 

BRE\vHOUSE 
T HURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL 10-0:. $1 00 
microhreweJ 
heer:-

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas 
In Ih~ Brcwcn 
D"'''IKRlxm,' 

$500 
4475 Mission Blvd. 2 ALES 
comer of Mi>l>lon & Ga met 74-

SeaCoast quare · Free parking 11) rear 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Did you know ... 

... that prevenci\le dental treatment actually lowers ,he COS t of yOl4r dental care over 
rile long 1emI . Wi,h regular check-ups and cleanings we can caL.Ch thn(e little problems 
before riley become big ones, and prevem build-up on YOllr teeth from cau.sing tissue 
bre4Icdown a nd bone loss. 

So why not take care of your mouth at least as well as you take care of your car and 
IJring'JOllrStlf in for a check-up and a cleaning .. . so YO Il won't have 10 spend a small 
fortune on a new model in the future. 

Your natttral smile is a treasure warth protecting ... and with IOdny'S advances in 
cosmetic techniques , we can even make it brighter than ever at minimal expense 10 you . 
Callus today! 

LA JOLLA VILLA E DENTAL OFFICE 
James E. San ord D.D.S. 

General, Preventive, and Cosmetic Services 
Mosl IIISlIranc:e accepled • Member ADA , CDA. Sail Dligo CounlY DenIal SOCieues 

Lei Jolla Village ProfessiOJUlI Center · 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., S.il< 2103 • 1·5 al La JoUa ViUag< Dr. 
Tup Floor. JOW behind the ElepMlII Bar 

Ewnong & Saturday appolllllnenlS OI'Iliiable • Call 558-3490 

, . 



12 

AlIT 

JIIITf 
Lou and Jim: 
Just Win, Baby 

Coach-bashing is the latest fad 
weeping college hoops these days. 

Undoubtedly, the biggest W'gelS have 
been UCLA's Jim Harrick and Lou 
O llnpanelli, the now-<leposed coach at 
Cal. Harrick can't walk across campus 
without being 5t ned by an angry mob 
of Bruin ters. As for Canlpanelli7 
I Ie g axed two weeks ago. What 
~ms to be the problem, gentlemen? 

The Campanelli case just d n' t 
make sense. Dwing his tenure, the 
Bean; were on the rise. Hi record at 
Cal included a 1990 berth in the 
'CM tourney. L'lSt year. he landed 

the mOi>! prized recruit in America. 
point guard Jason Kidd. 

With a starring lineup of Kidd. All-
Pac 10 center Brian Hendrick and 
soph m res Lam nt Murray and 
Alfred Grigsby. the young and talented 
Bears seemed poised for an e tended 
reign a.~ the best of tile West. Nobody 
quei>tioned Campanelli's job ~wity; 
he had ju~t received a five-year contrJct 
e. ten~i n. With so much going for 
him. how the hell did Ollnpanelli 
manage to lose hi~ job? 

obody ~ms to know for sure. 
There have been alleg;lIion~ that 

Gng~by and MUrr.1Y organized a 
l11utlllY thJt to,,,-'(\ the cO<1ch ovcrboanl 

bt:cau~ Qmlpanelh was treating the 
plJye~ " 100 11aJ'\hly." What doe., that 
mean? When Colomdo Stme fired 
Earle Bruce. unive~ity officials 
daimcd that Bru e W;L~ phYSically and 
vcr any abu,ivc to hi~ player... allKl' 
ollcfl'tl onl) vague jU. lllic;ulons tor 

Call1JXlIlel h '~ dl~I11I\'I31. 
11le Be~ arc gilied. yet they lack 

the e\pcnence WId discipline 10 win 
wnsi~lently. What Cal needs IS a 
patient c :lch \.\ho tea he~ his playe~ 
II w to t;lke good shot~. play aggre~sive 
defense. protect 19-point lead~ and beat 
Cornell. 

Instead. Campanelli lost control of 
the very playeN he recruited When he 
admitted "the player.; just aren't 
listening to me." :UllpanelJi igned his 
own de:lth WaJr.1I1t. 

Poor Jim Harrick won't escape 
We;,t\vood alive. Talk about unrealiSli 
expecrations. UCLA fans make 4ger 
failS seem sophi ticated by comparison. 

obody will ever compare to J hn 
Wooden. Why') Bcc1use Wooden won 
10 eM titles in 12 yean;. 

Here's how Dean Smitll would be 
judged by UCLA fans. "Seven-
hundred \ ins. 18 consecutive 
tournament berth~. ot rod. Only one 
national title. You're fired" 

Bobby Knight? " ice guy. love that 
SWc.1ter. Great foml on the chair throw. 

C A titles in 1976, 1981 and 19 7. 
Good. but not good enough. EXT!" 

Mike Kryzwewski. "Two consecu-
tive national titles. Six Final Four 
appear:lnces in ~ven yean;. When you 
win :U1Olher five or six in a row. then 
maybe we' II leI you show your fa e in 
publi :' 

11le UCLA Booster Mantra :" 1 
knew John Wooden. John Wooden 
was a friend of mine. Coach, you're no 
John Wooden:' 

The UC 0 Guardian Thursda • February 18 , 1993 

Dan McDowell/ Guatdlall 

Triton Eric Quandt puts the tag on a Christ College baserunner during UCSO's S.5ll~nnlng tie with the Eagles on Tuesday. 

UCSD Deadlocks in 11 
8A$EBAL I: Tritons blow a 4-2 lead 
and then fight back for tl1 tie 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Wnrer 

Imagine you're a ballplayer. You're at home, 
your team is ahead in the late innings. you have 
won only ont: game so far and it"s really cold out. 
What b the worst thing imaginable that can hap-
pen'! Well . it happened to the UCSD baseball team 
Tuesdayalo it blew a 4-2 lead late and had to settle 
for an 1 I -inning, 5-5 tie with Christ College of 

Irvine. 
Once again. poor relief 

pitching did the Tritons in. 
After a rocky first inning, 
highlighted by a two-run 
double by Eagle third 
baseman TJ Wilcoxson, 
UCS D starter Mark 
Hartmann sen led down to 
literally freeze the Eagle 
hiners. Hartmann. making 
his first start of the sea on, 
limited Christ College to 
those tworunson only four 

hits, while striking out eight. 
After single HillS in the second and fourth 

inninglo, the Tritons took the lead when Sean 
Darrock sent a high blast over the left field wall, 
scoring Pat Han ahead of him. It was Darrock's 
second homer of the season. giving UCSD a 4-2 
lead. 

"I thought we cOlllrolled the ballgame. until 
things came unr.lveled in the eighth." said UCSD 
Head Coach Lyle Yate . 

The eighth inning was indeed disastrou forthe 

Dan McDoweIl/GUllfdIBn 
Mark Hartmann limited CCI to only 2 runs. 
Tritons. Steve Height. who inherited a 4-2 lead, 
en tered the game to take over for Hartmann, who 
had been pulled after seven because of a limited 
pitch count. 

The inning tarted off with an error by short-
top Eric Quandt. Then Paul Chavez Iinedadouble 

uplhealley forCCI. putting runners on second and 
third with nobody out. A wild pitch allowed the 
first run of the inning and wa immediately fo l-
lowed by another two-bagger by first baseman 
Dan Davis. 

After an infield single. righty Kurt Luhrsen wa 
summoned to the mound for rhe Tritons to stop the 
barrage. He allowed only a sacrifice fly. making 
the score 5-4 in favor of the Eagles. 

See BASEBALL, Page 10 

The Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
HOCKEY: UCSD lost on a last-
minute power play goal Monday 

night at USc. .... 10 

MEN'S BASKEIBALI.: The 
Tritons' eight-game winning 

streak came to an end Tuesday 
night at Christ College of Irvine, 
with an 80-75 loss to the Eagles. 

Pagel! 

Chuck NCUYen/ Guaroiarl 

The Headline Matchup: Men's basketball VI. Bethany College, Friday at 8 p.m., Main Gym. 
Other Games: Fencing vs. UClA and USC. Saturday at 1 p.m .. Main Gym. Swimming and diving at the PacifIC Coast Swim Conference Championships, today-Saturday at Long Beach. Women 's 

tennis vs. Cal Lutheran, Friday at 2 p.m., Muir Tennis Courts. Softball at Cal State San Bernardino Tournament, Friday-Sunday. Men 's volleyball at USC, Saturday. Track and field at Pomona Pitzer 
All-Comers Meet, Saturday. Baseball at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. 

UCSD GUARDIA • ART & E TERTAI M T . F E B R U A R Y 1 8, 1 9 9 3 

I 1 f I ----- -r'" ~IOJ01.1 11 ':\O-.lSB 
Bay Area band Overwhelming Colorfast plays a variety of style 

B efore I tell you!hatOverwhelm-ing Colorfasr, which plays 10-morrow night at the Pub. is one of the greatest new bands to come out of California. there 
are a few connections that need to be 
cleared up. Colorfast was produced 
by Butch Vig,just after he produced 
Smashing Pumpkins and Nirvana. 
and just before he produced L7 and 
Sonic Youth. And the lead singer, 
Bob Reed, sounds a hell of a lot like 
Bob Mould (Husker Du, Sugar). So, 
now that the name-dropping is out 
of the way . .. 

Thebandconsistsofba sistSteve 
"Bean" Espaniola, guitarist Torg 

" L " X A J . " Ii Ii ,1/ .1 .\ 
SliN lII1l ST4 f'f ' 11 1/ rn: lI 

Hallin , singer/guitari st Bob Reed 
and drummer Dan Reed. It s sel f-
ti tled debut was released late last 
year. Overwhelming olorfast 
sounds like an amalgamation of ev-
ery band that I' ve ever loved or 
wanted to love. nlere's the emo-
tionally-charged and melodic vo-
cals reminiscent of the acid-infused 
'60s, the hard-edged g uitar grunge 
of the '70s punk movement and 
something contemporary which can 
only be rhe sound of the band itself. 
which hails the Sun Fmncisco sub-
urb of Antioch. 

In a recent telephone interview. 
bassist Bean offered hi . own opin-
ions about the sound of hi s band. the 
comparisons being made and what 

to expect from their live gig. 
Referring to the intluences o f 

Bob Mould. the Beatles and thc 
Seattle sound. Bean said . " I heard 
J Bob Mould J expressed some i11ler-
cst in o ur music. Bcing compared to 
the Beatles is one of the higgest 
compliments you can get. But I 
think any band \hles away from 
being ompared to anybody. Ellery 
band wallls 10 be ~o111ething lIew 
alld different. 

"The Sealtle comparisons we re 
bound 10 happen because our 111u~ic 
ilo really aggrelosive, ;]no anything 
with di~tortion now is automati-
cally compared to Seattle. It 's a 

good th ing we're nOI from there. bul 
I don't even hear that boundJ ." 

o whal doc~ Overwhelming 
Colorf<L~t thin" it soul\d~ like? Bean 
acknowledged. ·'It·s melodic. ag-
gress ive pop. Well. 'Totall y Gor-
geous Foreign hick ' has a very 
poppy feel. " Recon~idering. hesaid. 
"Okay,l'Iljl1~t say mei lldic - you 
don't want 10 get tlmw n into thl! 
same boat u\ Michael Jackson. who 
is the King of Pop. Our manager 

See COLOR, page H4 



HIATU 2 The UC D Guardian 

'I'his " .... ·1" UP COM IN G 
TOO R Y 

A River Runs ThI'OU6h It 
plays in the Price Center The-
ater at 6:30, 9 and I I :30 p.m. 
Tickets are $2, $1 in advance. 
lnfo: 534-6467. 

Enjoy an evening of hip music 
as the UCSD Jazz Combos 
bop it up at Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Directed by 
Jimmy Cheatham. Tickets are 
$3 for students. Info: 534-5404. 

Minnesota's Boneclub plays 
at the Casbah. Show starts at 9 
p.m. Info: 294-9033. 

VICtor Hernandez Cnaand 
Naomi Quinonez will read 
from their work as part of the 
"Crossfert ilizations" series at the 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
in La Jolla. The ~how ~tart~ at 
7:30 p.m. and li(;kt:ls for slu-
del1l~ are $6. Info: 454-354 1. 

fRIDRY 
The CWD Political Fi lm Series 
presents America Becom-
ing al 7 p.m. in Solis Hall 107. 

Admi~~ion is free . 

Overwhelming Colorfast 
play~ with gue~ts Dig and Rust 
al Poner's Pub at 8 p.m. Ad-
vance tickets for students are 
$6. Info: 27 -TIXS. 

Ruth Neville and Daniel 
Koppelman perform a duo pi-
ano recital in Mandeville Audi-
torium at 8 p.m. Tickets for tu-
dents are $5. Info: 534-3229. 

SRTURDRY 
The La Jolla humber Music 
Society wi ll present Japane e 
pianist Minoru Nojima at 8 
p.m. in theCivk:Thearre in down-
town an Diego. He wi ll play 
selections from Brahms and 
Debussy. Tickctsrangefrom $ IO 
to $55. In fo: 459-3728. 

SUNDRY 
Jewish and Eustem European 
folk music wi ll be featured in the 
Klezmer Music Fund-
raiser at 2 p.m. in Ball room A 
in the Price Center. Tickets are 
$15. In fo: 534-5'+04. 

MONDRY 
Cafe-~inger-tumed- techno-mae­

~t ro Suzanne Vega perfonns 
wi th Kitchens of Distinc· 
tion inSDSU\Montezuma J-lall 

at 8 p.m. Advance tickets are 
$16.50 for students. Info: 278-
TIXS. 

T U E S 0 R Y 
The Austmlian film Strictly 
Ballroom will be presented as 
prot of the International Style 
Film Festi val at Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets for 
students arc $4, but a student 
pass to the festival is $25. Info: 
534-6467. 

Blue Ve/vetplays at the Price 
enter Theatre at 8 p.m. and 

10:30 p.m. Ticket are $1 in 
advance. $2 day of show. Info: 
534-6467. 

WEDNESDHY 
Janitor Joe pi ays uttheCasbah 
at 9 p.m. Ticket are $4. Info: 
294-9033. 

ftll~oill~ 

THERTER 
Mandell Weiss Forum: Wi 1-

"One tlf the mat ercltlng, inntlv.tive, .nd delightful d.nce comp.nl" in the entire World. " 
,..N •• Yert_ .. 

FEBRUARY 26 & 28 

presented by 

FRIDAY & SUNDAY • 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS $15 • G.A. $25 

FAC/STAFF/SR.CIT. $22 ~~_. 
UCSD Box OFFICE: -' . .!:::-~:; ... .r;:""':'=--" 

UCSD 
UNIVERSITY 
EVENTS O FFICE 534.6467 .1· ~~,~.!:,rIX. 

liam Shakespeare's "Timon of 
Athens," directed by Matthew 
Wilder, continues through Feb. 
21. Showtimes are 8 p.m. Mon.-
Fri ., Saturday at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m., 
7 p.m. on Sunday. Student tickets 
are $6. Info: 534-3793. 

409 Studio Theatre: [van 
Talijancic direc t R.W. 
Fas binder's "Bremen Freedom ." 
The play opens Wednesday and 
runs through Feb. 27. Perfor-
mances are Wednesday through 
Saturday at p.m. Tickels are $5. 
Info: 534-3793. 

Spreckels Theatre: "Grease" 
will be featured through Feb. 2 1 
as pan of the San Diego Civ ic 
Light Opem' Broadway Series. 

hows are at 8 p.m. Tuesday 
through Saturday. 2 p.m. and 7 
p.m. Sundays. Tickets are $17-
$32. 1nfo: 278-TlXS. 

Lyceum Stage: "The Dybbuk," 
a story about Jewish culture, will 
preview Friday and open Feb. 24. 
Performances for the play. which 
runs through March 17, will be at 
8 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday 
and at 2 and 7 p.m. on Sunday. 
Ticket.s range from $19 to $24. 
Info: 235-8025. 

Thursday, February 18, 1993 

GALLERIES 
MandevIIe Gllel")': "Con-
ceptual Sculpture: Body and 
Soul" runs through March 7. Gal-
lery is open Tuesday through Sun-
day , noon to 5 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-2864. 

M ....... of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sterbak: States of 
Being"i ondisplay until Feb. 28. 
The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. and Wednesday from lOa.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admission for tudents 
is $2. Info: 454-3541. 

Grove Gallery: "New Terri-
tory : The Vietnamese Artists 
Project Begins" is on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Satur-
day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Ad-
mi ion is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Perfect Moments on 
Planet Earth," an exhibit celebmt-
ing the museum's 10th anniver-
sary. continues through March 
14. The museum is open daily 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission 
is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

Central Ubrary: "Jazz in San 
Diego." Photographs will be dis-
played by M. Lea Rudee in the 
Music Listening Room. The ex-
hibit continues through April I. 
Hourscoincide with library hours. 
Info: 534-2759. 

Thursday, February 18, 1993 

CONCERT 
R[VIENS 

The UC D Guardian 

Damned 

\. 

~ 

indeed 
Guitarist Ted Nugent steaLs the 

spotlight with his Southern boy act 
and redneck attitude 

ERIC S C /fMIDT 
ENIOR TAN WRITER 

T he Damn Yankees opened their Saturday night con-cert in Golden Hall with a 
rhythm section strong enough to 
clean dirt off the redneck crowd in 
the concert hall. The opening ba 
and drum lines from the single"Don ' t 
Tread on Me" hammered home a 
bass end so heavy it felt like hanging 
on to rattling lawnmower handles. 

According to bass player and 
former Night Ranger member Jack 
Blades, the heavy bass end purpose-
fully conveys the meaning of the 
band. "The message is that this i JUSt 
straight-ahead, shit-kickin' rock 'n' 
roll , and that 's it ," Blades said dur-
ing a phone interview. 

But the sound was really all Ted 
Nugent. In fact, the entire two-hour 
show consisted of Nugent plucking 
endless solo lines from his guitar, 
seemingly in his own world, while 
the rest of the band went about the 
business of playing actual songs. 

Nugent only stopped to play with 
the rhythm section on a few occa-
sions. and the unstoppable variety of 
blues-anchored riffs coming from 
his guitar attests to his power as a 
musician. 

Lead singer 
Jess Dupree 

of Jackyl 
brandishes 
an unusual 

instrument. 

While N ugenf s lead-playing ca-
pabilities certainly were impressive, 
the most interesting pan of the show 
was his character and facial expres-
sions. His talks to the audience were 
filled with the laughter of an insane 
man, and his chaw-chewing, spit-
ting, Southern boy act was amusing 
to say the least. 

Nugent kept a constant expres-
ion of ecstatic joy on his face 

throughout the show, rather like the 
face of a child torturing his pet cat. 
Fast lead lines drew a white-man' 
overbite to his face, and play with the 
whammy bar caused his lips to purse 
into a shape that said. " Oh, look at 
me!" 

Nugent had to be restrained from 
singing on all buta few songs. Blades 
and guitarist Tommy Shaw, a former 
Styx member, harmonized vocals 

TOTAUY OUTRAGEOus. WILDLY ORIGINAL DARINGLY DIFFflm 

ifGt 
. "':" , ' .. 

THE MOVIE THAT HAS THE WIIOlI WORLD DANCta 
INTERNATIONAL 
STYLE 1993 UCS 0 

IN COOPEUTIOII WIllI THE UCSD VISUAL AIlS DEPUrBT 

Dan McDowelVGuatdian 

on mo t songs. 
"[tkeepsTcd from being all things 

to all people - although he'd want 
to be," Blades aid . 

The Yankees are currently on the 
econd leg of a tour following the 

release of Iheir DOli ' , Tread album. 
Blade aid the band's sound really 
became defined on the album, which 
is its second, because of innovation 
and a real feeling for the band. "It 
wasjust a natural transition," he said. 

Much of their recent album was 
developed in Blades' bam-studio in 
Sonoma, a place which Blades said 
"reflects our adherence to low-tech. 
We don't have roadies tuning our 
guitars- wejust slam it through our 
own equipment." 

Despite their shortcomings, the 
Damn Yankees have developed a 

See CONCERT, page H4 

HIATUS 3 

r----fr:~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~!:R4~~~~Y* 
.vw. tJ.1i1lW' • S20 minimum purchase · Wllh1ll5 mile radiUS o( cumpus 
world wide" 

r:,p VoIfJ' 
Nol valad Wllh 
any other' olTer 

as always, 10% of'f' when you 
vrsit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 1111 the Halph's Center ; 
Prompt Jl'''\'~ry. 7 d.I.".1 \leek . Open dalt., H ,""·R pilI 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLEY OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! ~ Koala's FROZEN YOGURT t~;,;~~:~S ~~ 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 452.0524 

lEN YOG\) belweclI Blockbllsler alld AIIOIOIIY 'S 

r----------------~, I Koala's ~ I Butterfinger I FREE I 
: Glace 49 : :la~:e~1~~: ~~~~~2~ : 
I 'list 10 calOries I flavor you I allY small I per oUllce! I choose I lIIedil/lII, or large 
I 001)1 With thl§coupon. I Not vahd wllh .. ny olher offer. I Not ..... lId WIth .. ny olhtr offer. NOI valid With .. ny othrr o4ft"r 

0".. p<r petson. E,p. 2128193 0".. p<r pet_ E,p.21281.n.' I 0".. p<r p<""rl. &.p 2/ 28 /93 

-----------------USED 
L VIS 

COLORS e CUT-OFFS e FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60' ~, 70'~ , & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

C 
F 

o 
A 

o 
I 

l 
R 

S T 
M A 

U F 
I R 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN 8EACH 
M·SAT. 11'6:30 • 222-0220 

F 
5 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
III! ~ Master Mechanics I.f!\ ~ exclusively VW and AUDI .. 
8870 Mira.r Raad • 410-9494 

Air & Water Cooled· Maintenance Servicee • Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuill Engines. Gas & Diesel· Electrical· Clutches. Brakes· Valves 

located In the Autoport MoM. Ml/OIl1ar 
Next Door 10 Discounl Ti-s 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

, 

-

.. 



• 

I HAT 4 

. _. 

• 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

THE GRAND SLAM OF BOXING 

CHAVEZ NORRIS 
VI VI 

HAUGEN BLOCKER 
wac 5.",., LI,IIrw./tll, IQC ..., WtltMw..,., 

JACKSON VI McCLELLAN NELSON VI RUELAS 
InC IIIIIdIe •• ,,,,' WIC ...., 1Nfh«we/tltf 

-

1 SATURDA~ FEBRUARY 2~ 

Express Draft 
& Snack Station 

14-0Z, $175 Domestic 
Draft only 

5 POOL TABLES • ICE HOCKEY • DARTS 
10 TELEVISIONS • 2 BIG SCREENS 

4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR .. LA JOLLA 
call (619)587-1414 ext. 6220 

•............ __ .. _ .. -. 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• G SUe p..i iHe: • 
• FOOiLON 0 Ge:i p.. • 
• aUY p..NY R PRICe: p..N 15. • 
• VALID ONLY AT RFEGU11R\NI5.t'. • CLl\PS • • COST A VERDE 8t ". 
• M IRAMAR 0 • 

LOCATIONS 2.2.-01. 'nol S'T\JDEtI~~R PI'O'"'O 
• PLEASE PRESENT \1/1 I'TH .. tI~ ° • 
• UCSO 10 t-IO'T .... \.10 V/ • 

• • 
• • 
• • • 6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR . • 
• 8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA V ERDE CENTER • 
.. __ ._._ .. __ . __ .. _ .. _. 

The o Guardian 

WHAT DO 
SAN FRANCISCO, BERKELEY, 

PHOENIX AND TUCSON 
HAVE IN COMMON? 

BUFFALO EXCHANGE! 
NOW IN 

P.8. SAN DIEGO 

(" 1J V Congratulations to 
the new initiates of 

Pi Beta Phi 
Nena Bains Meg Notman 

Kimberly Breihan Camille Phillips 
Devery Dvorak Carolyn Shapiro 
Monika Eckfleld Courtney Shahon 

Kathleen Fink Ugne Skripkus 
Christina Galdos Stephanie Sponslu 
Gina Gardetto Lisa Stamp 
Rahbeka Harris Amy Vandergast 

Lisa Houle Danielle Williams 
Danielle Kadas Susan Wrenn 
Michelle Kim 

UCSD Theatre 1992-93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Winter Productions 

r----, 

TIMON OF ATHENS 
by William Shakespeare 
A harrowing masterpiece 
February 17-19 at 8pm 
February 20 at 2pm & 8pm 
February 21 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Theatre 

SOtPI'J{ 
by Moliere 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

A new Rock-n-RoIIIBluesIGospeIlRap version 
March 10-12 at 8pm 
March 13 at 2pm & 8pm 
March 14 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

TH'KETS ,\RIo: $(, FOR STt'lW:\'lS. 
(;1-:'1' 5 TICKETS FOR '!-.20 

\\ IT II 'III E l ( 'S!) I'll L\TlU: ( · \I{D. 
(' /\1.1. FOR IW I \IIS, 5" ... -... 57 .... 
\1.llllkll \\ "'1'-'- 111<'.111,' Htl\ ()1I1, " 

Thursday, Februllry 18 1993 

COLOR: 
Set list not needed 
ContInued from page HI 

arne up with 'noise-pop.' We ju t 
played a' noise-pop' fe tivalthat he 
putlogether. BUI you don't want to 
create any label . It all depend on 
wharyou'refamiliarwith. Youcould 
even say it's an altemalive Black 
Crowes, depending on whal you 
Ii len 10." 

Bean also spoke of hi loye for 
perfonning on lage. During il live 
hows, Coiorfasl never uses a sel 

Ii I. "You can't po ibly knowwhal 
kind of vibe you're gonna gel on 
lage." Bean explained. "If Ihere' 
omelhing someone wan IS 10 re-
que~I, we want 10 play il for Ihem. I 
love Ihe ·pontaneity." 

Opening forOverwhelming Col-
orfast are two local bands, Dig and 
Rust, that are al 0 moving quickly 
into the mainstream. Dig has just 
relea ed the EP Runt and plans to 
release a full-length album in May. 

Dig, named after lead singer Scott 
Hackwith ' dog, ha a fairly eclectic 
sound. "Someone aid we sound 
I ike Fugazi, and an hour later some-
one el e said we sound like Smash-
ing Pumpkins," said Hackwith . 

Personally, I hear a hint of Jesus 
and Marychainon thealbum,acom-
parison Hackwith was perfectly 
happy with as well. 

Speaking oflhe variety of sounds 
on the album - everything from 
Spiritualized to Nirvana -
Hackwith said, " I don' t Ihink it 
ounds exactly like anything. I think 

a lot of music's like Ihat. Whoever 
you listen to, that's kind of what you 
putout. I fI ' d listened to Ted Nugent, 
I'd probably be putting out orne 
wham, bam,lhank you ma' am sound 
-thank God [didn ' !. 

" I have things that I like to sing 
aboul and yell about, and if anyone 
else can get it and think it 's hip, then 
that 's cool," he said. ''I'm having 
fun, and mu ic is iny whole life." 

CONCERT: 
Singer bares butt 
Continued from page H3 
good sound, which i more than can 
be said for Jackyl, the opening act. 
The group thaI brought us the in-
credible chain. aw solo also brought 
the redneck music genre to new 
heights. 

Jackyl plays the type of music 
that one would listen to from the 
back of a pickup truck while shoot-
ing buck shot into stop signs and 
chucking cans of Budweiser into the 
woods. 

Opening with their song 
"Redneck Punk," lead inger Jess 
Dupree proclaimed, "We're going 
to let the rest of the world know it's 
alright to be a redneck punk." 

Dupree also firedoffhis l2-gauge 
shotgun/microphone tand into the 
air and hastened into his crooning 
refrain in "She Loves My Cock." 

Dupree's solo with a live 
chainsaw, which he used to cut apart 
a stool during "The Lumberjack," 
was intere ting but musically 
unfulfilling.lbechainsawappeared 
to be tuned to A-flat rather than the 
key of Awhich based their set. Then 
again, is it even possible to tune a 
chainsaw? 

The defining moment for Jackyl 
occurred during one of Dupree's 
tirades against the censorship cam-
paign waged by Tipper Gore. "Well, 
ticker this," he finished, while 

mooning the audience. 


