
Elsewhere 

UCR Students to 
Work with Police 
RIVERSIDE - Two UCR 
tudent , Daryl Terrel and 

Walter Rucker are pursuing 
the idea that in reased 
communication between 
tudent and police will 

improve police effectivenes . 
The two tudent recently 
filled tudent-police liason 
po ition which were created 
after the the Sept. 30 prote t. 
Both tudent feel that UCR 
Police Chief Hank Ro enfeld 
has ome good idea for better 
relation , but that tudents 
need to be better informed of 
police action, e pecially 
during potentially delicate 
situations like prote t . 

UCSC Make. Room 
For New Research 
SANTA CRUZ - On Nov. 10, 
UC Santa Cruz celebrated the 
establishment of a Chicano/ 
Latino Resource Center, the 
first ever in Santa Cruz. The 
purpo e of the new facility i to 
bring faculty and graduate 
students together to engage in 
Chicano/Latino relation . A 
lecture series sponsored by the 
center focuses on Gender 
studies, Border studies and 
Media and Popular culture 
studies, all relating to the 
Latino/Chicano population. A 
renewed grant has been 
submitted to provide more 
funds for re earch. 

Student Asuulted 
At UC Davis 
DA VIS - A female UCD 
student was reportedly 
assaulted on her way home 
from class on Dec. 2. UCD 
Police said the student wa 
grabbed by an unknown 
assailant who attempted 10 
drag her into near by bushe . 
The woman was able to free 
herself after kicking and 
elbowing the assailant. 
Though it is unclear whether 
or not the incident was 
wi tne sed, the victim reported 
that she was certain that other 
students were in the area. 

Inside 

SAY CHEESE 
HIATUS: A new Mandeville 
exhibit shows the power of 
photojournalism. H1 

SPORTS: Whitman College 
buries Triton women in 
hoops Tuesday. 12 

Index 

, H E u 

UC ANDIEGO 

RIMAC construction begins near the San DIego Supercomputer Center. 

Lawsuit Aims to Stop RIMAe Fee 
CAMPUS: Suit changes focus to 
deassessing the $210 fee after 
construction begins 
By Karen Sple&eI 
Staff Writer 

Three UCSD students tiled suit again t the 
university to block the construction of the Rec-
reational, Intramural, Athletic and Event Com-
plex (RIMAC) on Dec. 10. The three UCSD 
admini trators named in the uit are Vice Chan-
cellorforUndergraduateAffairsJo eph Wat on, 
A i tant Vice Chancellor for Student Programs 
and Facilitie Tom Tucker and Director of Stu-
dent Government Services Randon Woodard. 

The controversial $34 million RIMAC facil -
ity has been in planning since students approved 
its construction and the annual $210 fee in a 
1990 special election. The vote was conte ted 
because of the narrow margin by which it passed 
and an allegedly biased brochure circulated by 
the admini tration on RIMAC just prior to the 
vote. 

However, 15 minute before the Dec. II 
hearing regarding a temporary restraining order 
to halt the construction, Watson and Tucker 
informed the court that the con truction contract 

had just been signed. 
Judge Kevin Midlam required the plantiff to 

po t a $37,500 bond in orderto issue the restrain-
ing order after the announcement. The plantiffs 
were unable to pay the amount and the order was 
denied. 

According to the students' attorney, Tad 
Mailander.thesuit will be amended to try deassess 
the RIMAC fee becau e the election was con-
ducted illegally. He said the uit will no longer 
try to block the construction. 

"The focu of the lawsuit is now to stop 
collecting fees from the student :' 'aid Mailander. 

According to Mailander, the total RIMAC 
co t will top $100 million when the co t of 
construction, maintenance, operations and fi-
nancing are included. The $210 fee will be in 
effect for 27 years. 

"The student and the plantiff will 
foreseeably have to pay this fee. If they [the 
plantiff 1 are ucce ful, the university will have 
to come up with other funding," Mailander said. 

The plantiffs as ert that there were everal 
violations of university procedures and election 
guideline . Section chree of the UCSD Student 
Fee Funded Facility Guideline states that a fee 

See FACIUTY, Page 6 

c 

Students To 
Vote on Three 
Refer enda 
YOnNG: Two other que tions 
were rejected a the judicial board 
mandated as special election near 
By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

Three referenda que tions have been ap-
proved by the A . ociated Students for the Jan. 
20-21 pecial election. 

Two referenda questions passed the A.S. 
vote during their Dec. 2 meeting and a third was 
approved last night. The questions ranged from 
increasing the number of student regents to a 
survey of campus newspapers to a required 
AlDS general education course. 

The text of the first question reuds: "At 
present, a ingle Student Regent i selected 
from among student throughout the UC sys-
tem. Do you think student representation to the 
Board of Regents should be from the level of 
individual UC campuses rather than un a UC 
system-wide basis?" 

Currentl y, the student regent is chosen from 
nine nominees submitted by a UC student 
committee. The nominees are presented to the 
University of California Students Association 
(UCSA). which narrows the list to th ree, and 
the governor then uppoints the final selt!ction 
with the approval of the regents. A "yes" vote 
on this question may lead to a fu ture increu. e in 
student regent representatives from one to nine. 

The second question is a survey of student 
newpaper readership. It states: "[The,1 A.S. and 
its various media want to know how many 
people read a specific paper so that we may 
serve the campus better." The council further 
amended the question, adding, "The results of 
these questions shall not be used to determine 
financial allocations." 

The last question. approved last night. ru.ks 
. tudents if they would approve of a mandatory 
AJDS/HIV education lecture a~ one of the 
general education c1asse . 

While normally the A.S. only fund one 
general election per year, extra fund~ were 
allocated for elections in 1992-93. 

This special election was mandated by the 
Judicial Board la t spring, following their dis-
covery of di. crepancies between the sample 

See REFERENDA, Page 6 

Campus Shuttle Bus Hit by Falling Tree During Storm 
By Franclaco DeVries 
News Editor 

A campus loop shuttle bus was 
struck by a falling tree around 7:30 
a.m. yesterday morning as it was 
pulling out of its regularly sched-
uled stop near Peterson Hall. 

The large section of the tree was 
apparently blown down by the gust-
ing winds and rain. There were no 
passengers on the shuttle when the 
tree hit and the driver escaped seri-
ous injury. 

According to Transportation Ser-
vices' Student Driver Supervisor 
Frank Buono, the bu was making a 
"normal top and pick-up [when a] 
good portion of one of the eucalyp-
tus tree collapsed." 

The branch landed "on top of the 
front portion of the bu.," he aid. 

The front windshield, a side win-
dow and the electronics and me-
chanics in the front of the bus were 
all damaged. There also appeared to 
be structural damage to the bus 
frame, according to Buono. 

The driver, who was not injured 
by the impact itself, was examined 
at Student Health and sent home. 

He escaped being hit by the fail-
ing branch by "a couple of feet," 
according to Buono. "[The student 
driver] was lucky; he was just very, 
very lucky," he added. 

The driver was not identified. 
UCSD Police Officer Tom 

Morris, who took the report on the 
accident, aid that the huttle re-
ceived a "substantial amount of dam-
age." 

See SHUTTLE, Page 3 

Photo courtesy of Transportation Services 
The campus-foop shuttle bus was struck by a failing eucalyptus 
branch during a 7:30 a.m. stop near Peterson Hall. 



2 NEW 

Salk Institute and UCSD 
To Cooperate in Biology 
SCIENCE: Two pre tigious institutions join forces in 
effort to aid graduate student research in biology. 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Staff Wflter 

Salk's prestige will help UCSD 
anract gmduates who otherwi e 
would have gone elsewhere. 
Scheffler aid. 

An agreement creating a coop-
erative teaching and re earch pro-
gram between the U SD Biology 
Depanment and the Salk In titute 
for Biological Sciences was signed 

Ban Sefton. Salk professor and 
adjunct UCSD profe sor, said the 
agreelllent al 0 offers several ben-
efits to the Salk Institute. In the past, 
because relatively few Salk faculty 

at a Dec. 14 cer-
emony at the Salk 
Inst itute. 

The program 
wi II strengthen the 
relationship be-
tween the Biology 
Department and 
Salk. a La Jolla re-
search firm. "We 
have had. forthela,t 
20 year~ or ~o. a 
fairly close associa-
ti on with Salk."said 
Immo cheffler. 
UC D profes or of 
bi logy. 

"80th Salk and 
UCSD faculty 
are trying to get 
to what's going 
on with life, how 
life workS, and 
can we reduce it 
to Its basic 

worked for UCSD. 
only a few graduate 
' tudentscould work 
at Salk. 

"The program 
has increa ed the 
role of the Salk In-
stitute and th e 
chance for Salk fac-
ulty and [UCSD] 
tudents to inter-

act," efton aid. 
According to 

Sefton.Salkcon id-
ered adding its own 
biology graduate 
program, but the 
mechani m for re-
cruitment of stu-
dents was already 
in place at UCSD. 

The agreement. 
which will allow 
U SD gmduute tu-
dents to gain credit 
for work completed 
in Salk labomlOries. 
" builds on that cor-
dial re lationship and 
high-quality science 
we know is being 
perfomled at Salk," 
Scheffler added. 

elements." 

The agreement 
will not financially 
burden UCSD, 
Scheffler said . 
Graduate working 
at Salk will be up-
ported through Salk 
grant money, while 

-Ted Case, 
Chair of UC50 Biology 

Department 

OfSulk's47 fac-
ulty members. 27 have chosen to 
participate in the joint program. A 
few members of the Salk faculty 
held adjunct posi tions before the 
program was initiated. 

UCSD Chair of Biology Ted 
Case aid the program, retroactive 
to July 31. benefit both partie. 
UCSD graduate student will gain 
the opportunity to work with di tin-
guished Salk faculty. 

In addition. Case sa id. Salk fac-
Ulty will teach both graduate and 
undergraduate courses. Salk pro-
fessors who participate in the pro-
gram will be appointed adjunct pro-
fessors at UCSD, meaning they will 
teach one-sixth the course load of 
UCSD professors. 

Graduate and undergraduates 
enrolled in Biology 199 will be eli-
gible to work in Salk labs, increas-
ing the number of labs available to 
UCSD students. 

The program will also heighten 
the visibility of the graduate pro-
gram at UCSD, attmctinghigh-qual-
ity graduate students. 

Scheffler said that, although the 
department i prol._ of its students. 
"We accept 100 graduates every 
year, and only a third of those come 
here." 

tho e in the UCSD 
program will continue to be funded 
by the Biology Department. 

First-year graduate tudents on 
rotation will be supported by UCSD, 
but Salk will help support them 
through grams to UCSD. Salk will 
aI 0 help fund graduate recruitment 
efforts, Scheffler aid. 

Salk faculty who 4re adjunct 
universityprofe sors will not be paid 
byUCSD. 

Case said the new partnership 
with Salk does not promote the com-
mercialization of science at UCSD. 
"The difference between Salk and 
other [La Jolla science firms) is that 
at Salk there is a basic interest in 
how life works." 

"Both Salk and UCSD faculty 
are trying to get to what's going on 
with life, how life works, and can 
we reduce it to its ba ic elements," 
Ca.sesaid. Salk and UCSD are strong 
in molecular and cellular biology. 

He added, though. that there 
could be commercial spinoffs to the 
program, since graduates at Salk 
may be attracted to more commer-
cialized La 10lla firms after gradua-
tion. 

Case said he envisions the rela-
tionship as long-term, although it 
will be reviewed every three years. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 7, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
I'M HO-OMe! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Dean of Engineering Will Resign 
Founding Dean of UC50's Department of Engineer-

ing M. Lea Rudee has announced his intention to resign 
from the post at the end ofthe 1992-93 academic year. 

Rudee, who has served as the division's dean since 
its opening in May 1982, will continue at UCSD as a 
professor of Materials Science, turning his attention 
primarily to research and teaching. 

Under Rudee 's leadership, the Department of Eng~ 
neering launched several major programs in research 
and education, reflecting the rapid changes and diversity 
of disciplines in the field. He has guided the division to 
national prominence in computing, bioengineering, ma-
terials science, structural engineering, magnetic record-
ing research and fluid mechanics and combustion. 

Rudee participated in the efforts to bring the Center 
for Magnetic Recording Research and the Charles Lee 
Powell Structural Systems Laboratory to the UCSD 
campus; he also played a role in bringing the Interna-
tional ThennonuclearExperimental Reactorproject(ITER) 
to San Diego. 

Rudee came to UCSD from Rice University in 1974 to 
serve as the first provost of Warren College. He received 
his bachelor of science degree in 1958 with a specialty 
in metallurgic engineenng from Stanford University, 
where he earned a Ph.D. in materials science in 1964. 
His current research interests at UCSD involve the 
application of electron microscopy and X-f<ry diffraction 
to problems in materials science, including thin mag-
netic films, amorphous semiconductors, radiation dam-
age In semiconductors, meteorites, blomaterials and 
superconductors. 

Association Awarda FrI ...... 
Of the International Center 

The Friends of the International Center at UCSD are 
the recipients of this year's Award for Outstanding 
Service which is presented by the Association of Intema-

tlonat Educators. 
The Friends was fonned 20 years ago as a volunteer 

organization dedicated to understanding and coopera-
tion within and among the intemational community at 
UCSD. 

The group sponsors several programs for foreign 
students and their families. These programs include 
weekly coffee hours for spouses and children, an Inter· 
national Cooperative Nursery School which reserves a 
third of its spaces for children from other countries, and 
a Resale Shop which provides over $10,000 annually to 
the International Center. 

AcII*Ium Orfers MMne 
BIology Study Trip to eatallna 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum will be offering 
a special weekend of hiking, snorkeling and studying of 
marine biology on Catalina Island, March 19-21. Studies 
and explorations will be conducted with the Catalina 
Island Marine Institute. 

Accorrvnodations will include floored tents, bunk 
beds and electricity. In addition, wetsuits and snorkeling 
gear will be provided. 

Reservations and more information Is available by 
calling the Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum at 534-
8665, 

1992 UC Enrollment Announced 
The number of new students entering the University 

of Califomia in fall 1992 increased by 1,574 students 
from the previous fall, according to prelimin/llY unofficial 
enrollment infonnation. 

The university enrolled 31,244 new students, com-
pared to 29,670 last year. The gain included both 
freshman and transfer students. 

UCSD enrolled 18.241 students this fall as com-
pared to 17,956 last year. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELl., Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

DIIKIII COIIIIULTANlS: MlCuet Buckenmeyer. James COllier 
IUUlTllATOIIS: Mlena Cron.. TatlI Eorr. Nathan E~In . Speed FIIrT1s. Jennifer 
Hart. DominIC LObOia. "Ian Lundlren. _no Mulloz. Katie Roe . ftI Spon& 
DIIHIIIIIIS: Joel Arnold. Wilson CIIe"",. Marcus Lobbla. Christopher Lock. 
TheInI ~Ie. Katie Roe 

~:SklartDeO. SIdneyLynch . PauIMackey . Jenn lferMat1h_. 
LOI1 Mltchelt . ChUCk NCuYen. Jennifer V.,n 

JEFF NIESS., Hiatus Editor COI'YMAIIERS: Michelle Chlanl. Non Miller. Jeule Sprlnler. Mal-Lan Tomsen ADWImIIfI8 AllllTMT: TatlI EOII 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeM, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

SHANNON aEOSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, AsSOCiate Graphics Editor 

KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WREIIIN, Sports Editor 
IIMOIIITAA' WIIIlIIII: Jenny Gal.,., o.n Kreus •• Metthew Robinson . Brett 
Rhyne . Mk:hM1 ~ 
ITN'FWIIIlIIII: E ...... CamUlO. IVIIUI Carpenter. KIrsten HaI\Ie1SOn. Billy Hwq. 
CM. Jensen . Mells .. ~. ~ Jo/InIOn. Roo.rId< ..... WencI\< McNeI". 
TheIeA Moore. Mural Moonhy. JuMe PIk, hul PhIM.,.. E~ R_I. K8rI Slul, Rltu 
SaIoeM. Alexa J. Shenn." JuMe S/Iem1.,. _ SpieteI. Grepy ~ 

Editorial: 5~. BusIness 0IItce: 534-3466. Fex: 534-7691 
UCSD ~ 9&00 GIlman DrIve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ : Second_,UCSO~~~ ." . 

Thursda. ,January 7,1993 The UC 0 Guunliun 

SAAC Co-Chair Resigns Mter Dispute 
CAMPUS: Krista Aores 
cites a personality conflict 
with the committee chair 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

Student Affirmative Action 
Comminee (SAAC) Co-Chair 
Kri taFloresresignedfromthecom-
minee in early ~mber, citing 
personality differences with Com-
mittee Chair Poncho Guevarra. 

The re ignation come at a time 
when SAAC is tackling such prob-
lems as declining minority enroll-
ment while at the same time initiat-
ing a long-awaited overhaul of its 
guidelines. 

" [FIores're ignation] wasasur-
prise," said Director of SAAC and 
Human Relations Program (HRP) 
Dawn Valencia. " \ don ' t think it 
was something any of us aw com-
ing." 

"[Her resignation] was a great 
10 s to the committee," said SAAC 
Chair Pon<;ho Guevarra. "There's a 
big void right now and we need to 
fill this void." 

According to Valencia, Flores' 
re ignation was not 0 much a prob-
lem of divi ion within SAAC as it 
was a problem with conflicting view-
points between individuals. "I don ' t 
know if there were factions, but 
there w~re personality conflicts," 
aid Valencia. 

Flores declined to comment on 
the precise nature of the di fficulties 
which forced her to resign. 

However, she did say that the 
problem had to do with how SAAC 

SHUITLE: 
Falling tree nails a 
passing shuttle bus 
ContInued from PBI8 1 

According to Morris, the driver 
was just pulling away from the stop 
when he heard a cracking noise and 
noticed the branch starting to fall . He 
quickly reversed the bus, but was not 
able to completely clear the area 

Parking and Transportation Ser-
vices Manager Gregory Snee said 
that shuttle drivers are trained to 
deal with "system failures in bus-
ses" Jike brake and other mechani-
cal failures. However, nothing in 
the training prepares drivers forev-
ery situation. 

This accident was the fi rst "actof 
God" the shuttle system has had. 
Sneeadded. .... 

The damaged shuttle was towed 
to a La Mesa repair yard where an 

lori Mltcheit/GUBiOilll $Me chair Poncho Guevarra 
accepted Flores' resIinatIon. 
is run. "It was a problem with the 
leadership and direction ofSAAC," 
she said. • 

Guevarra said that despite the 
frustration of Flores' resignation, 
here pectsherdecisionandi ready 
to move on. "It's omething that's 
both upsetting and a challenge for 
[SAAC)," he said. 

Although he admits that Flores' 
departure is a setback, Guevarra 
maintains that the rate of SAAC's 
progress will not be slowed. 

However, Valencia aid that the 
10 sofAore ,who ededicationand 
experience was invaluable to her 
peers, will have a negative impact 
on SAAC's progress. " I'd be lying 
if r said it wasn't going to slow us 
down," she said. 

Despite thi s, Valencia said she 
believes Aores' departure was ben-
eficial in that it .. erved as a cata-
lyst" for SAAC to reevaluate and 
rework it guidelines. 

CRASH 
A Campus Loop 
shuttle was hit 
by a falling tree 
near Peterson 
Hall yesterday 
at 7:30 a.m. 

estimate will be made for repairs. 
Most new shuulescost between $65-
85,000, according to Snee. 

Tree Trimlller Supervisoi Philip 
Peters said that fall ing trees, espe-
cially during stonns, is nothing new 
atUCSD. Thatsarnenightthestorrn 
brought down a branch on the roof 
of the Club Med cafeteria and an-
other tree was blown down near the 

" SAAC has to reouild itself," 
agreed Flore . "They' re now real iz-
ing where the problems are." 

Aore said that one of the big-
gest problems with the current 
SAAC guidelines is that committee 
leadership roles are not adequately 
explained. 

" Therearenocleardefinitionsof 
in what capaci ty the chair and the 
co-chair function," he said. 

Guevarru agreed, saying "[The 
guidelines] are fairly ambiguous as 
far as the specific roles. We need to 
rethink and reevaluate the focus." 

According to Guevarra, SAAC 
had already begun reworking its 
guidelines even before Flores' res-
ignation. He said thatthecommittee 
is currently defining the role of 
SAAC interns and will soon decide 
if a major restructuring of the lead-
ership roles is necessary and if so. 
what the new configuration will be. 

Guevarra emphasized that there 
is no single plan in mind. "We're 
conSidering a lot of different op-
tions," he said. " W e want to make 
sure all of our constituents are being 
served." 

Aores said that if the SAAC 
guidelines are th roughly reworked, 
she will consider running again for 
a position on the committee. 

In the meantime. Flores said she 
is still committed to helping disad-
vantaged students. 

As presidentofthe Disabled Stu-
dent Union, which is one of the six 
constituents of SAAC, Flores said 
he will "a1ways be in contact with 

SAAC in one way or another." 

Reoo Bruckner/ GuatdlBll 

Third College Provo t's Office, ac-
cording to Peters. 

Of the 160,000 trees carnpus-
wide that Physical Plant Service 
regularly trims and maintains, about 
16,000 are in high-traffic areas. Cur-
rent! y, the university employes three 
people in full-time tree maintenance. 

"There's a lot of stuff that's go-
ing to get by us," Pete a; said. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUV~R.iW'AWcrtfE 

L A '~ESA 
oilR 1 Fl. Il hI'( Pk wy 

(f) 1 <)1 b% 6601 

MISStON VtEJO 
26400 L.t AI,II11ed" 

(7141364·6600 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4S01 Birch 5t 
(71-11851 - 1201 

tii/il FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

Do you suffer from 
ASTHMA? 
• Volunteers needed for clinical drug studies 

• All testing and medications are free 
• Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$500 for participation 
Call 436-3988 

(ask for Dianna or Janet) 
Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 

Asthma and Allergy Treatment 
and Research Associates 

MUIR COLLEGE 

EWS 3 

HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1993-94 
Applications available at the Muir Residential Life Office 
through Wednesday, January 20 with job referral # from 
Student Employment. 

Mandatory Candidates Meeting on Thursday, January 7 or 
Wednesday , Ja~uary 20 at 7 p.m. in Half Dome Lounge. 
Application deadline: 4 p.m., Friday, January 22. 

Call 534-4200 for additional information. 

CSOESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., 7 days a week 

Be Safe , Don't Walk ALone! 

Kaplan 
(Tln~s rOll t"> • 

4- rl';l\OIlS to 

sun tLlining nm\" 

for lhl' April 
have to wait to .. ou, 

MeAT. tind dass 10 6(" ~I hc..td !l lan 
nn the j\'CJ\T. Our I C~" 'nins 

d S ""un as 'yuu cnro ll : 0 Kapl .II, ·, MeAT Diagnostic 

T •• t profiles your scoring slr~nglh !'. and wC;'lkncsscs, so you 

la n sci ,Your Iraining go" I • . 8 f{"plan 's Hom. Study 

Not •• rnCHn ynu l ' .H1 ,ake if with y ou , Indexed. illustr • .\l(·d 

K"pl"n's 81g Picture Videos Imlkcs sl·iclll·C brush-ups 

e.".v and cng.Iging. 0 Kapldn 's Audlol Video L.arnlng 

L ... gives yo u an'css 10 Ihe world's IMgcsl cOllcclion or 

l\ \C t\T pr;u: l iu.· I1ldh.·ria ls. All I his before you even hegin our 

t:lass sessions! Reddy 10 start '! Call 

1-800 - KAP-TEST 

KAPLAN 
T1Ie __ I ........ ~ ..... 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

1M UCSD Guo,.".." " DUbIIShed twtce • _ II the _,I)' of C.tofomia. San 00...,. COntonts 
C l992. \/ ..... el.PI"Uled herein '.pteleM the mliOtrtY vote of the "'ltOtlI' bOaKl, 8f'I(I er, not 

neeo •• nly those of the UC eolld of Recents. the ASUCSO. no< the entJ,. Gu.IfII/Jf1 S,.". 

Regents Have No Business 
Creating UC Corporations 

At first glance. the new propo al by UC Pre ident Jack Peltason 
to creme a for-profit cO'lJOnltion and a non-profit foundation would 
seem to benefit everyone involved, Thi corporation. which would 
help develop. license and market new technology invented at the 
nine UCcampuses and three laboratorie managed by the university. 
would pump money into the tate economy. and more importantly. 
the univer. ity's hrinking coffers. Such financial gains do not even 
begin to include the advances in technology that would . urely result 
from the efforts of the UC Technology Development Company. 

The Office of the President estimates that the new corporation. if 
successful, could pump a much as 9.5 billion into Cali~ rnia' 
economy. TIli is certainly not chump change,and at a time when the 
tate \ economy is faltering , any added revenue would be welcome. 

Inevitably, the U system would appear to benefit. A healthier 
statewide ec nomy mean a larger share of state funding to the 

univer~ity . And with patent royalties, the university could eam as 
much as $222 million by 200 I. 

Perhap thi i what i most appealing about Pe lta~on'!> proposal 
- it increases univer ity revenue at a time when the UC y tem 
despenuely needs to look foraltemmivesources offunding. Peltason ' 
plan seems almost too good to be true. 

Unfortunately, it i:. Even with the promises of billion-dollar 
profit. the plan to creme a university-backed cO'lJOrat ion is seri-
ously flawed . Lost in the talk of revitalizing the tate' s economy and 
developing new technology is the primary mission ofthe University 
of California - to educate its tudents. 

The university should be a place ofleaming, not a research think-
tank or a multinational corporation. As UC Berkeley Physic 
Professor Charles Schwartz, a longtime critic of the regents, ob-
served "I think it continues to shift the priorilie of the university ... 
away from education and more towards research and technology for 
practical, or so-called practical uses." Creating a UC cO'lJOration 
would continue the trend of treating students and education as 
secondary concern . 

The profits generated by the corporation will do nothing to lower 
fees, compensate profe sors or reduce clas izes. Any money that 
comes from thi proposal will, no doubt, go toward creating more 
profits. The goal of a business. unlike that of a university, is to make 
a profit and grow, not to educate people. 

The university "can be the engine that moves California into the 
next century - but only if we act now, .. We cannot simply continue 
to react to circumst,mce : it is time to act boldly," Peha on said. 
Maybe so - the university needs to find new ways to generate 
revenue. But this latest propo al i not the way to go about it. 

1here Is Just No Excuse For 
Bush's Presidential '.dons 

With the pardons of Caspar Weinberger, Elliot Abrahm and four 
other Iran-Contra figure on Christmas Eve, President Bush behaved 
with the arne political cowardice and disregard for ethics that he has 
shown for the past four years. The pardons reek of hypocrisy. During 
his 1988 and 1992 campaigns. Bu h claimed to be tough on crime. 
Yet, in the waning days of his administration, he turns around and 
pardons six men who, to one degree or another, have broken the law. 

The motivation behind the pardons was not compas ion or a sense 
of ju tice - Bush was acting to save his own neck. The upcoming 
nial of Weinberger probably would have shed light upon Bush 's role 
in the arms-for-hostages deal, Rather than face the risk of implica-
tion, Bu h made sure that the trial never would have to take place. 
Quite simply, the pardons showed a complete disrespect for the 
nation's judicial proces , 

If, as the pre ident claimed. the Iran-Contra participants were 
acting out of patriotism, then they should have no problem with 
taking respon ibility for their actions. Instead, they destroyed evi-
dence. lied under oath and hid behind legal loopholes when their 
crimes became public knowledge. True paniol stand up for whal 
they believe in , regardless of the penalties. 

Although Independent Prosecutor Lawrence Walsh has wasted 
too much time and money in hi bungled attempt to convi tthe lran-
Contra participant. there can be no ju lincation for Bu h' s behav-
ior. It' fitting that the pardon will be the final act of cowardice b 
this do-noth ing pre idenl. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 7,1993 

TRYING TO GROWBEYOND 
'WHITE MALE BASHING' 

cor.tMENTARY: With the coming of a new year, we must start aiming for 
redemption instead of revenge and stop looking at differences instead of unity 

GREGORY 

~TEPHEn~ 

Nineteen ninety-two was a their own backyard. 
traumat.icyear formany people, The day after this incident on Pacific Beach, I read in 
myselfincluded.]ustaboutev- the Los Angeles Times that Mexican gangs have been 
erything that could have gone stabbing and shooting white men in Santa Barbara. After 

• wrong last fall. did. I was as- one white youth in Santa Barbara was slain, police aslc.ed 
saulted my flTSt night in San his assailants their motive. "Because he was a white boy," 
Diego, my mountain bike was they said. 
stolen on election night and I Meanwhile, up in the Bay Area, where I've lived for 
10 t my job in mid-December. the last three years, white-male bashing has become a 
Other than that, it wa a great popular spectator spon. On Labor Day weekend, hun-
year. dreds of black teens descended on Telegraph Avenue in 

New years are ideal forwip- Berkeley and began assaulting every white male in sight. 
ing the slate clean. With that in Grad student Art Orisko was stomped on the street in front 
mind, r m going to indulge in a of two cars, uffering a fractured eye socket. The story had 

little exorcism atthis juncture so that I can clear pacefor a familiar ring to me. 
ome "positive vibrations" in a new\time.and age. I am Two years ago. a gang of black youths blindsided me 

thinking in panicular about a vi rulent litlle as I walked up Telegraph with my wife 
social disease called "White Boy Di sin'." Valeria, who is black, putting me in the 

Last Seplember I flew down 10 San hospital with a broken jaw. Before and 
Diego from Berkeley to look for housing after this assault, hostility directed against 
before entering the Communication Ph.D me because of my skin color was unremit-
program. The first night I was walking by ting. Valeria has also been subject to end-
Pacific Beach when I saw several Mexi- less racist and sexist insults from black 
cansrrying to stan a fight with a white dude WhIte.... men who assume that her presence with 
on a mountain bike. As I passed, I said,...... me proves she no longer has a mind of her 
"Take it easy." One of the Mexicans began • ~ own. Next time I wonder if it will be a 
slugging the white guy; suddenly. another ,. .......... 1Ity bullet instead of brass knuckles. 
ran up behind me and smashed a beer bottle for rac.8I Knocking white boys' heads could not 
on my head. probI ... In ..... have become the popular spectator spolt 

Stunned, I could only yell, "What's up cou*y. But. that it is withoutthedisturbing willingness 
man'!!" My assailant held his hand behind • of black leaders and white liberals alike to 
his back as if he had a gun and said. "Come ... ............ rationalize such acts. The unspoken as-
on, white boy. I'll blow you away." 'Jl!e that willie ..... sumption is that "we have it coming." "00 
guy on the mountain bike managed to get ..... calMIOt you understand why he hit you?" I am 
away and yelled back, "Why don't you ..... the a.llle asked. 
guys go back to L.A.?" Yes. I understand this nation's turbu-

At that moment, the guy who had hit me burden far.... lent racial history - often ugly. some-
rushed at me. Survival instinct took over ~ 01 times inspired. I'd be the last to claim that 
and I ran as fast as my feet would cany me ........... white men, historically, don't bear a major 
towards the lights of Mission Boulevard. .... I respon ibility for racial problems in this 

As I turned the cpmer. the guy on the VIO 811C8... country. But I also understand that white 
mountain bike caught up with me. "Sorry aboutthat. man. men alone cannot bear the entin:.burden for the persis-
Those guy must have been from L.A People around here tence of hatred and violence in our world. Unfonunately. 
don't act like that.,,· it' always easier to find a scapegoat than to think criti-

Don't be too sure about that, I thought. Maybe the cally. 
new i late in coming to Tan Diego, but racial guerilla Valeria recently went through an orientation for in-
warfare may be coming soon to a neighborhood near you. coming non-white graduate student at UC Berkeley in • 
Yet there are many people on all sides ofthe racial divide which a professor told them that white people are "xeno-
pretending that the problem originates everywhere but in See BASH, Page 7 

Thursday, January 7,1993 

IN AN IVY 
LEAGUE OF 
HIS OWN 
SAl liE: Wtlliam Shakespeare 
is back and coming soon to a 
major university near you 
By Sam Halpern 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

That first night William Shake peare spent 
in my home convinced me that I must quickly 
get him into a workable situation. The seminal 
event occurred around 2:30 a.m. and was ush-
ered in with a terrified wail followed by the 
finest Elizabethan cursing heard in 400 years. 

"Knave, varlet. villain. Filch my purse will 
you? Thy throat I'll slit from ear to ear!" 

I leaped from bed and exploded into the hall, 
grabbing my Louisville slugger along the way. 
Backed against the wall , the blade indenting the 
skin along his carotid artery was a trembling 
Eddie. At the other end of the weapon, clad only 
in jockey shorts was William Shakespeare. 

"Will, don't!" I yelled. "He' my nephew." 
"A thousand pardons," he gasped, "but 'tis 

natural I counted him thief knowing the hour, 
place and not his countenance." 

"Eddie, "I said sooth ing I y, "he didn't know. 
He's William Shakespeare, and he's spending 
time with us, It's okay." 

Eddie looked like the victim in a Stephen 
King feature as he sidled toward the hall door. 
"Sh ... hake ... you 're crazy. You're all crazy." 

''That's it," said my wife. ". draw the line 
when your friends hold a sword to our family 's 
throat." 

It wasn't a sword," I said defensively. "Ac-
tually, it was an epee. " 

"For God's sake, Sam. Eddie' s your si ter' 
child. He's run off to God knows where and 
you're not even going to get him. Will goe ," 
she said in a voice that 20 years of marriage had 
conditioned me into accepting. 

The next night I went to see Elvis and the rest 
of the boys. The conversation centered around 
Will and how to help him. It was Jimmy who 
provided the solution. 

"Da guy's da greatest writer in da English 
language. You 're a hot shot professor, ain't 
cha? Get him a job teaching in a college." 

It tumed out that no Ie than Harvard was 
looking for a Lit professor with a heavy Elizabe-
than background. Twenty-four hours later, my 
man Will was off to UCSD East armed for an 
academic interview. 

I heard nothing for two fearful weeks, then 
he called. "Where the hell are you?" I shouted 
into the phone. 

"San Diego." he said. 
"What happened at Harvard?" 
'''Twas a pity. My Elizabethan breadth of 

knowledge did move them tosuch awe that even 
the head scholar - he of dour fat, pompous and 
tlatulent visage - beamed as light upon young 
Apollo' shield and with coporophagic grin and 
this and that did hint that I would to the highest 
academic levels rise in more than measured 
meter. Then alas, all fell to dust. 'Twas a ques-
tion of Marlowe and Bacon. each of whom I I ike 
not for reasons of substance known. I affirmed 
that Bacon, for all his glory, was with feces 
impacted, while Marlowe was that orglp1 from 
which guarded the obstruction. On hearing this, 
they raged that I wounded honorable men. 
Whereupon I responded that they knew not 
squat about Marlowe or Bacon. Sad was I on the 
great bird returning, when I met a man and in 
friendly discourse, discovered he was in need of 
one with manners and speech Elizabethan." 

"You got a jobl" I shouted, "When:?" 
''The Body Shop." 
"What? You're William Shakespeare! You 

can' t work in the Body Shop!" 
"Nonsense. Three hundred quid a week they 

with smile remit. My. beard and humor the 
ladies like, delivering benefits fringe wretched 
Harvard can never match. At last, I have to show 
bu ines returned." 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COIWtENTARY: Students must petition against the planned RIMAe facility fee 

A DIRTY TRICK AT THE WORST TIME 
By Ely Rabanl 
Staff Writer 

extyear,a$210peryearRIMACfeewillbe 
inlposed. By then, fees will almost cenainly 
exceed $4.000 per year at UCSD. But as public 
education is being eroded, the UCSD OOmini -
trationhasbeenanxiou to proceed with RIMAC. 
'a $35 million project. with total costs to students 
of hundreds of millions of dollan;. And the 
OOministralion has proceeded thus after um-
manly dismi ing challenges to the election on 
which the fee i based. The UCSD administra-
tion continues to pursue RIMAC construction 
even as it is eiiminmillg the P E. Depal1lllelll! 
Something is wrong with !hi picture. 

RIMAC infuriated most students, and is be-
ing fought in coun and through petition. With 
student participation. RIMAC can be stopped. 

The original election on the RlMAC fee was 
held in February 1990, before the current on-
slaught of massive fee hikes. There were many 
major flaws in the conduct of the election. Exist-
ing fee referendum policy required a two-thirds 
majority to assess new fees. while increasing 
existing fees required a simple majority vote. But 
the illusion was created thai the RIMAe! fee was 
merely an increase of the existing recreation fee. 
The difference in standards presumes that fee 
increases are small, not ix times larger than the 
fee itself. The RlMAC fee is in every meaningful 
sense a new and distinct fee for a new and distinct 
facility. 

The new fee starts when RlMAC opens. 
Most of those who voted in thai election would 
not be affected by the fee because of the delay. 
There were also irregularities with campaign 
literature. For all of this tinkering, the results 
barely passed the looser criteria for an increase: 
just over the minimum 20 percent of students 
voted and only 51 .2 percent favored RIMAe. 

When a Non-Academic Grievance was filed 
challenging these irregUlarities, it was ubse-
quently di missed at the highest level of the 
UCSDadministration, Then-UCPresident David 
P. Gardner infonned the grievants that there was 
no funher appeal, despite the conflicts of interest 
mised by the grievance. He failed to notify the 
grievants that they could petition the Board of 

Regents for a hearing. 
Later, both the Graduate tudent Association 

and the Academic Senate passed resolutions 
urging the UCSD Administration to give these 
grievances fair hearing, TIlis never occurred. 

Recently. two new approoches were taken: 
de-assessment by election and litigation. B lit 
members of the A.S. Council swallowed mind-
lessly bureaucratic arguments. and the Council 
rejected a motion to put RIMAC up for a de-
assessmenl ballot in the upcoming election. TIle 
persuasive arguments were that the February 
1990 election started a process which is irrevo-
cable and therefore students may 1101 vote to 
tenninate it; and that if this project were termi-
nated it would be difficult for the student body to 
olxain construction contracts in the future (oh, the 
tragedy!). Both of these arguments are invalid 
and specious, If the· legitimacy of a self-assessed 
fee is with the student body, then that body can 
clearly stop such processes so long as il meets 
obligation it incurs. That 's how it works in the 
"real world" Evidently, the AS. is more con-
cerned with fine-tuning its bylaws for the n-th 
time r.uher than working for student concems. 

The A.S. Council may have blocked the 
measure, but Council may be bypassed through 
petition. The deadlille for the petition (20 percent 
of enrolled wuiergradllates) is this Friday. 

Please sign the RlMAC petition, which will be 
at the co-ops alld elsewhere. 

In preparation for the present referendum, it 
was necessary 10 detennine when construction 
contracts were due. Assisl1lnt V ice ChanceUor 
Tom Tucker verbally indicated that these were 
dueon Friday, Dec. II. The correct date was Dec . 
3 - a most convenient efTOr. On Dec. 9 notice 
was served to defendants on behalf of the tudent 

plaintitfs in the case. On the moming of Dec. 10, 
as the case W:L~ being filed, the UCSD adminis-
tration signed the contrac!. Messrs. Tucker and 
Watson produced this contract. which has a 
$37 ~'500 indemnification clause. for the court. 
The court in tum required the plaintiffs to post 
bond before it would consider a Tempor-.uy 
Restraining Orderagainslthe UCSD acbninistra-
tion. A hearing i~ scheduled for January. 

Some present during the Dec. 10 hearing 
reponed that the attorney for the UCSD Admin-
istration expressed his opinion that a Temporary 
Restraining Order would have been awarded if 
the contract hOOn'[ been signed already. 

AdJllini.l"tratiol1 lall :l'l'rs IIOU ' urglll' 'hUT ,It I' 
regellls may a.lsess slIch facilifil's' /t'I'S II 'if/IOW 
any elecrion. This would mean that elections are 
window-<lressing. and linle else. 

As public higher education is being fiscally 
strangled. such a lUXUry item is obviously inap-
propriale. TIle higher fee will obviotl~ ly hurt 
'1udenl~. 

Dr. Watson has reassured students that there 
will be financial aid to cover the RIMACfee. But 
low-income students not qualifying for financial 
aid will be hit all the harder. In 1990 Chri topher 
Cabaldon, Consultant to the Assembly Subcom-
mittee on Higher Education wrote. ''There ap-
pears to be a greJt deal of misinfonnation on 
many UC and CSU cmnpuses regarding the 
impact of proposed fee increases of campus 
student fees on financial aid resources. As student 
governments :Ind canlpus admini trJtions join 
forces to promote campus fee increases for ... pro-
sports shops, athletic stadiums and concert cen-
ters,many Students are being told that the pool of 
financial aid funds will increase to cover the 
proposed fee increases. In virtually every case, 
this i patently false." 

Mr. Cab:l1don continued by noting that when 
these self-assessed fees are levied. il tells the 
legislature that students are happy to pay higher 
fees. When slate cuL~ to univers ity funding and 
higher fees are the most pressing issues we face, 
audaciousselfasscssed fees don 't argue our case. 

Students have to take care of themselves. 
Shatterthe mythology of apathy! SiKII f/le RIMAe-
Cancel/atio/r Petitioll today. 

FEE HIKES ARE NOT PART OF 'WHITE' CONSPIRACY 
Edilor: 

In response to Gaye Johnson 's commen-
tary on "unequal opportunity" ("Drowning In 
An Ocean Of Unequal Opportunity," Dec. 3). 
1 would like to express my strong disagree-
ment. After revealing her repug(lance toward 
the $605 fee increase for the 1993-94 school 
year, Johnson continued to criticize the UC 

. Regents. accusing "all factions" of "working 
toward the same goal: to see thosewith access 
to the nation's resources uniform in color and 
status." 

To claim that the efforts of "all of these 
factions of white bureaucratic America lead to 
t/Je same goal: exc lusion of low-income and 
people of color groups from ' successful ' wh ite 
America" is clearly a sorry attempt at a dis-
crimination cry. The fact that throughout the 
nation laws require school boards and em-
ployers to accept and hire a certain number of 
minority citizens proves to me that white 
people are not joined by some enonnous con-
spiracy to exclude blacks and Latinos from 
"successful America." 

As for the financial compensation (or lack 
thereot) discussed in Johnson's editorial, I ask 
you: Are minorities really being discriminated 
again ~? Who has ever heard of a scholarship 
for whites only? It is true that many persons of 
African and Hispanic decent are standing on 
a lower rung of the socio-economic1adder in 
our society. I sympathize for them; however, 
I am not personally responsible fortheir"thor-
oughly oppressed" history, and therefore. 
should not be charged any more (or any less) 
than any minority individual for an education 
here at UCSD. 

Johnson stated: 'Thi link between the 

READERS' 

FORUM 
TlleGuarolan welcomes IettelS tromns readelS. Ai/lettelS musf be 
no /ot!flerfhan Iflree pages. doubIespaced and s/gJled. We reserve 
IfIe rtI/It fo edit Irx length and e/8If(y. 5<m<J aI//elfelS 10: 

The Gualdan 
OpInIOn Editor 

9500 Glfman CM". 0316 
La Jotla. CA 92093-0316 

University of California and industrial arenas 
points again to the fact that the UC system is 
nothing but big business, its goal to make 
money, not to provide affordable education." 
Is it my mistake. or do we live in a capitalist 
society? If you are so strongly opposed to this, 
you have the right, unobstructed by giant, 
united discrimination con piracies, to worle 
hard and join the UC Board of Regents, so that 
YOII can tum down that salary check! 

Mike Martin 

Broaden Sex EducatIon 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to "Youth Dis-
rupt LGBA Dance" (NOY. 30). 

Sadly, many of the youths today are bla-

lantly ignorant about the issues of homosexu-
ality. Although I am not advocating that ho-
mosexuality bejustified. it should beclearthat 
a person has a right 10 a free sexual choice. 
Perhap ,sexual educat ion in high school should 
sublly include topics on homosexuality in the 
curriculu m. II isn't a sin todiscu5s ~uch issues 
since this may just help alleviate the problems 
of social discrimination against homosexual. 

Leonard Chia 

Thumbs Down to Reviews 
Editor: 

How sad it is to open a Guardia/l to the 
Feature ection and be greeted by entenain-
ment review! In our society of free thinkers 
and free speakers, what right have staff mem-
bers to express only their panicular view-
points in a newspaper which is supposed to 
represent the student body as a whole? What 
do they seek to gain by trying to sway the 
opinions of their readers one way or the olher? 

Through their commentary, they seem to 
be saying, "Hey, you don't know enough 
about music, art or drama 10 form any kind of 
an opinion about an artist's work, so [,lIlaV it 
for you. I wouldn't want you to be left without 
anything to say about what you ' ve seen or 
heard!" 

Gllardian, treat your readers on the Fea-
tures pages the same way you do throughout 
the rest of the paper. Treat us as intelligent 
people, with minds of our own and with a 
perfect right to go to a movie or listen to a piece 
of music without being spoon-fed one 
reviewer's opinion in advance. 

Andy happen 



6 NEW 

REFERENDA: 
A.S. places several 
questions on ballot 
ContInued from pate 1 
ballot and the actual election ballot 
which may have caused student to 
vote incorrectly on three question 
regarding con titutional amend-
ments. 

The three items, two placed by 
then-Vice President Administrative 
Mike Holmes and one by Chair of 
Opemtions, Services, and Enter-
prise Paul Wilcox. were placed out 
of order on the sample ballot. Wilc{)x 
filed a complaint to the Judicial 
Board. 

After reading over the ballot 

FACILITY: Suit 
aims to deassess $210 
RIMAe fee 
Continued from paCe 1 
measure must have a minimum 20 
percent voting pool of affected tu-
dent and a bare majority ( 10 per-
cent plus one) to pass. 

Mailander said that not all of the 
20 percent of the voting pool in the 
February 1990 elec tion will be 
around in 1994 when the fee take 
effect. 

Mailander also reported that the 
university spent more th:ln the al-
lowed $250 in campaigning for ap-
proval of RIMAC and that adminis-
tmtor~ did not file a financial report 
regarding their campaign a tivitie . 
I n addition, Mailander alleges that 
RIMA wa~call1paigned for within 
o feet of polling pla~e~. a practice 

when he voted. Wilcox noticed that 
the questions were out of order when 
compared with the sample ballot. 
He was concerned that students 
might nol have read over the elec-
tion ballot carefully enough and 
voted according to the order on the 
sample ballot. 

"My major concern was did stu-
denlS go into polling place and vote 
according (0 what they had seen on 
the sample ballo!." he said. 

According to Jennifer Aaim. all 
three items are to be put on the spe-
cial election balloc for a final vote. 

According to A.S. President 
Mike Holme . the pecial election 
will co t $3.000, half of what a 
pecial elecl ion had previously COSI. 

The savings are attributed to a new 

that i outlawed in university and 
election guidelines. 

StudeOi co-chair of the RJMAC 
BuildingAdvisoryCommineeDoug 
Willen di putes the allegations. 
Willen has been involved in the 
RJ MAC plwming since it proposal 
in 1988. 

" I don't think their claim [re-
garding the 20 percent of affected 
students 1 has any merit," he said. He 
cited the construction of the Price 
Center as an exwllple of where stu-
dents began paying for the facility 
even as constructi n wasju '1 begin-
ning. rather than after it was com-
pleted. 

In the RJMAC case, "the IU-
dents in 1990 voted to approve the 
project and there is a nece ity for it 
on this campu ," said Willen. 

Tucker agreed with Willen. He 
cited a survey that was conducted 
before the RIMAC vote in which 

'Jj Opecia/Ovenl 
Jiere al Qj Go 7). . 

• 

COMEDIAN SHELLEY BERMAN 

CONCERT VIOLINIST ZINA SCHIFF 

ASTRONOMER DENNIS MAMMANA 

The UC 0 Guardian 

method of tallying voces. 
A referenda item to halt pro-

posed construction of the $34 mil-
lion RJMAC ports facility was 
defeated in the AS. vote. 

The item would have asked tu-
dents whether they wanted to 
"deasses ,. the $70 per quarter fee 
that will pay forthe construction of 
the complex. 

Another item voted down by the 
council in the Dec. 2 meeting con-
cerned rudent body power in deter-
mining the student regent represen-
tation. It read, "Do you think that 
tudent representation on the Board 

of Regents hould be ubjecl to re-
call by the tudent bodies repre-
sented?" The question failed 1-12, 
with four abstentions. 

4,000 tudents described whal they 
would want in a sports facility. 

"I think it's been thoroughly re-
viewed and talked about. Students 
have dominated the planning pro-
cess." he said. 

Tuckeralsoagreed with Willen' 
asse ment that the campus needs a 
new sportS complex, saying "the 
facilities we have now are equal toa 
high school facility." 

Willen alsodi pUled Mailander's 
charge of eloction violation . He 
said that since the AS. election 
system disenfranchise graduate tu-
denlS. the tudent fee guidelines were 
used instead. "It was not an AS. 
referendum; it was a student refer-
endum," he said. 

Willen said Ihat RlMAC meet-
ings have always been open and that 
if "the law uit is valid, why was it 
nO! brought sooner?" 

Mailander speculated that the 

RABBIS MEL WEINMAN ANt> ZALMAN SCHACHTER 

FATHER DENNIS MIKULANIS 

REVEREND VAUGHAN LYONS 

2ND AVENUE KLEZMER ENSEMBLE 

ALL APPEARING TOGETHER IN CELEBRATION OF THE 
POSTHUMOUS PUBLICATION OF AN INSIGHTFUL, HUMOROUS 

BOOK BY THE LATE RABBI SAMUEL PENNER ... 

Thur day, January 7,1993 

·A.S. MEETING NOTES 
eo., N.t«'sM •• - The A.S .. Gradute Student Association. University 
Center Board, C()()PS, and Administration negotiators met on Dec. 15 and 
21. They decided to postpone talks until after winter break, and changed the 
original January 4 deadline to Jan. 31. A.S. President Mike Holmes is 
positive about resolvi~ the issue before the new deadline. "It is ~ belief 
that if an arra~ement can occur between the A.S. and the other parties. it 
can occur within this period.. Holmes wrote in his weekly report. The 
negotiation meeting planned for yesterday morning was cancelled. The c0-
op attorney could not attend the meeti~, and the bodies involved agreed 
that it would be "futile· to have a meeting without full1egal representation. 
Holmes wrote, "r am hopeful that the extra time it is going to take for us to 
meet will allow us to get some more work done behind the scenes.· 

ltull ............... 1. The University Students Association (UCSA) 
will meet this weekend and Interview the nine semi-finalists for the position 
of Student Regent. From this group, they will select the three finalists, who 
will then be interviewed by the Regents. Third College Senior Robert Glenn 
is one of the semi-finalists to be interviewed. 

• ......... Qulill ......... - The A.S. Council passed a Question 
concerning A1DS/HIV education In UCSD general education classes. The 
question reads. "Should there be one lecture reserved for A1DS/HIV 
education In one of the required general education courses at each college 
(for example: Humanities at Revelle College, Muir Writing at Muir College, 
Dimensions of Culture at Third College, Warren Writing at Warren College. 
and Making of a Modem World at Fifth College)?" 
RIMAe c.nc .11 ........ - The deadline for signatures on the petition 
being circulated concerning the RIMAC cancellation referenda Question was 
discussed. President Mike Holmes said that no deadline applied to the 
gathering of signatures. according to his interpretation of the A.S. Consti-
tution. 

..... eo.nI ...... fIAOpeo'UO"/ .. wIc ...... ~-Junior 
John Christensen was appointed to the postion of Commissioner of 
Operations/Services and Enterprises. 

- Compiled by Elaine Camuao, Staff Writer 

universiry may try and use the time 
issue in their defense, but that such 
an i sue would prejudice their legal 
rights. 

then be set. 
The students who brought lhe suit 

and Mailander no longer hope to stop 
the con truction of the facility. ' 'The 
issue is whether or not the IUdents 
can avoid having the fee asse sed 
againsl (them)." Mailander said. 

According to Mailander, the next 
court date is scheduled for April 17 
where a trail or arbi tration date will 

• 

!!!! &~~""-( •••• •••• • ••• •••• 
"" 

'-u, 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can', get 8 
better bargain . 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
·with thIs ad. Ot1er expires 1121193. 

• AEROBICS • L1FECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOI( STEPS 
• STAIRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUTILUS • PERSONAL INSTRIICTIOH 

• 4 IllES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

F/m til'" in<»ntfves/ 

fifr~ COllEGE • 

I!!! r..,.~~~( !!! •••• 
•••• • ••• • ••• •••• ,.,,~ •••• 

"" "" THE FOUR DIMENSIONS 
OF PARADISE 

We are now hiring staff for the 1993·94 academic year 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
SUNDAY, JANUARY 10TH, 2 P.M . 

TICKETS : 
$7 AT THE DOOR 

STUDENTS/ FACULTY : $5 

TO RESERVE SEATS : 
CALL 

232-0188 

0ponsor: ryCS]) Qlnion o/!lewish 01udenls 

/ 

RESIDENT ADVISOR POSITIONS 
REQUIREMENTS • 2.5 GPA preferred 

• Demonstrated leadership ability, 
interpersonal sk.iIIs and 
programming experience 

Tuesday, Jan. 12: Information Session 9 p.m. 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Thursday, Jan. 21: Group Inten-Iew 

(If you are tudying abroad 1993-94, please apply now for 1994-95) 
• PICK UP A REFERRAL FORM FROM CAREER SERVICES • 

APPLICATIONS DUE: NOON, TUES. JAN. 19 

. 

Thursday 7, 1993 

BASH: We must 
develop a multiracial 
sense of community 
ContInued from paee 4 
phobic." Young people who are ex-
posed 10 this philo ophy of group 
guilt live in actllturalclimate in which 
rap stars like Ice Cube and Sister 
Souljah can routinely call for the cas-
tration or killing of white men. 

Perttaps there' poetic justice in 
all of this. I am forced to feel the fear 
that many black men or migrant work-
ers experience every day. But that 
"white male oppressor" ign just 

doe n't fit around my neck. 
Having put my Iri h-American ass 

on the line for equal rights my whole 
life, I'm nO! willing to say now that 
those rights apply to everyone but 
myself. 

] haven't been happy with the white 
men "leading" our nation for the last 
12 years either. I can only hope now 
that we have two relativelyconsciou 
"white men~ in the White House, and 
a cabinet thal, as prOOlised, "look 
like America," that we can begin to 
dump concepts like group gUilt or 
racial superiority in the historical dust 
bin. It's not going to happen over-
night, but r hope that Americans will 

The UC D Guardian 

realize that it ' more important to 
create the new than merely criticize 
the old. 

1 hope it will become so common 
10 see faces of all color in po itions of 
power that it will no longer inspire 
comment. 1 hope we can aim for 
redemption instead of revenge and 
realize that we need conscious white 
men, just like we need conscious 
people of all colors. I hope we can 
develop a multiracial sense of com-
munity in which difference and com-
monality can coexist. In the long run, 
our survival requires the ooperation 
of all "people of con cience," no 
matter their color. 

OPINrON 7 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• B AT THE • 
• 

TLONG sU • 
BUY ANY FOO ce: AND GET A 

• REGULAR f'RI ~ ~ • 
I VALID ONLY AT FR........ • 
=. ~~:~;~:.DE & 22-0%. ~!!~!:T~R ~~~PS =. 

PLEASE PRESENT ,0 WITH ".,NY on~ 
• UCSO 10. MOT V~L • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• 6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR . • 
• 8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

I 
I 

The "Sun" is always Tr.-m 0_ "an 
shining at ... I 

2TANs$:[ 
One f~r you, One for a fnl'~ e~nd::!..--:::::::-i 

'First time clients only -.;!h this coopon. 1~ s1UlllMt 

Lose 8" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap--only $48 

NOt. tempotary water loss · ReduCe cellUfite end stretch milks 

IMICOUMt On all 
. & products 

serllces ., 
with UCID 

--------------------30TAN DAys$29 
Coli /0' dtloi/, · 2nd 30 ron doys 539.99. 2 month minimum. Wlrh coupon only . 

I 
I 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"For Safety's Sake." The Security 
Mvisofy Committee will be walk-
ing the USCDISIO campus after 
dark in the month of January. Re-
viewing lighting. Please let us hear 
any lighting concerns you may 
have. Call before Jan. 15. 534-
5793. (1 /4-1/14) 

The A.S. Internship Office has 
moved! We are n(1N located on 
the 2rd floor of the P. C. in the old 
Women·sResourceCenter.ASIO 
will open Monday. Jan. 11 . Drop 
by to pick up applications for sum-
mer and spring internships. For 
more infonnation, call 534-4689. 
(1/4-1f7) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) .. .. ......... 450 -3323 
F airmai(s ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 
UCSDEATS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578-7892 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D AulO ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Aulo ............. 695-1990 
Robert's .................. ~ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 
Young An,ludes , ........... 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
BeIng FII ................... 483-9294 
Family PlannIng ............ 535-1379 
Trtm & Tan .... ............... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D,C, ,558-3600 
Dr . Richard Barsan, DDS , 459-5565 
Dr. Sanfold. DDS ......... 558-3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ..... ... " .. 452-7374 
Eyes of La Jolla ............. , 597 -2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader ............... ,693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1 7S6 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .... .. ........ 452-0630 
UCSDCOPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy ........ .......... 457-1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1 000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ....... .. 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co, .... 452-BREW 
Del Mar Stuft Pizza ...... 481 -STUFT 
Torrey's ..... ...... .. ........... 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MO Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Mailboxes. Etc. W Shores .. 454-8488 
Name 01 the Game (Comics) 274-GAME 
SI. Germain's ............... 455-1 414 

The UCSD Guardian 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in i5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only). $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made fX1yable to TIle 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue. and 3 p .m. Monday/or Thursday's is £Ie. The Guardian reserves the righttorefuse 
any advertising induding but no/limited to companionship ads. For nwre information 

ca1l534~54 J 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian.Attn: Classifieds. 9500 Gilman Drive, 
03J6 .IAJolla. CA 92093-0316. Acntal address: Student Center A. topfioOl: 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 
an hour! Each member of 
your frat , sorority , team . 
club , etc , pitches in just one 
hour and your group can 
raise $1 ,000 in just a few 
days! Plus a chance to earn 
$1000 for yourself! No cost. 
No obligation . 1-800-932· 
0528. ext. 65. (1 /4-1/ 14) 

Spring Break in Mexico City? 
Revelle. 5th are sponsoring a 
Cultural Tour of Mexico City 
and Taxco. 7dayslnights, trans. 
accomodations. only $575. 
Brochures at Revelle Res. 
Dean. 5th Dean. Deposit due 
soon . Info - call Sharon 534-
3025 or Jane 534-2237. (1 /4-
117) 
SEEKING VOLUNTEERS 
FOR A DROPOUT PREVEN· 
TION PROGRAM to lead 
groups of 8th and 9th graders. 
Receive free training and ma-
terials . Need commitment of 
3hrs/week, M· Th between 2 -6 
p.m. for the school year. Inter-
ested? ! Call 594-4756. You 
can make a difference. (1/7- 1/ 
11 ) 

Sleeping With Morgan Is A 
Life Changing Experience! 
He'll be hereon Ja nuary 22. (1/ 
7) 

Interested in the e nvironment? 
Work for Eco Logic, the new 
campus environmental news· 
paper. Staff meeting Tues .• 
Jan. 12, Student Orgs, Offices 
above the Food Co·op, Stu-
dent Center. (117) 

EMPLOYMENT 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI 
Many positions. Great benefits. 
Call 1-800-333-3737 ext. P-
3387. (1 /4-117) 

PAID MANAGEMENT 
INTERNStIP. Gain marketing, 
sales, customer service, 
production, accounting withthe 
longest proven track record. We 
guarantee $2,500 in 
compensation with vast 
opportunity for more. Call Student 
Works Painting (formerly Student 
Painters) . 1-800-394-6000. 
Umited positions available. (1/4-
~) 

PERFECT PART-TIME JOB 
FOR STUDENTSI Financial 
Planning Asst 'No sales or appt. 
setting. 'Eam good money, $6-9/ 
hour. ,Flexible evening shifts. 
·Sun. -Thurs. (6-9 p.rn.). 'Friendly, 
oomfortable environment. 'Paid 
training. some experience helpful. 
Call Sharlene 484-5717 for 
interview. Western Financial 
Planning, Solana Beach. (1 /4-1 / 
7) 
Attomey needs secretary. 6hrsJ 
wk. Flexible hrs. and dress. $6hr. 
Mr. Auerbach. 259-1333. 9:30-
11 :30 a.m. (1/4-1/14) 

Resident advisors wanted tor 
FIFTH COLLEGE 1993-94! Pick 
up a referral form at Career 
Services. Applications due 1/19/ 
93, noon. Information session 
Tues. 1/12 in the Pepper Canyon 
Lodge, 9 p.m. (1 /4-1/14) 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
EXlended Soft Lense 

B&L Sofl SPin B&L I().I 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily ga peml: hard Baby blue. hazel & 
Parapenn 02 emerald. green 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

558 5 Claircmonl Mesa Blvd. 

, 30 day follow up. 

• Prof ........... rvlc. 
• Q •• llt, I, ••• r. 
• R •• _ •• It •• Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

EARN $500-$1;000 weekly 
stuffing envelopes. for details 
- RUSH $1 with SASE to: 
GROUP FIVE. 57 Greentree 
Drive. Suite 307. Dover. DE 
19901. (1/4-2116) 

AVERAGE $15/HR judging 
high school gymnastics meets. 
Gymnastics, dance or diving 
experience preferred but 
beginners welcome. Own 
transportation required. 
Responsibility and reliability are 
important! No flakes. Call Nina 
at 483-8191. (117) 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most positions 
filled by Feb. Gain val. expo 
managing 6-8 employees, 
customers, and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-1 ,600+. Call 
"University Painting Pros."lnfo/ 
appl. CALL 800-525-5877. (11 
7-3/29) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA 
INCOME NOWI ENVELOPE 
STUFFING - $600 - $800 
every week . Free Details : 
SASE to International Inc. 1356 
Coney Island Ave. Brooklyn, 
New York 11230. (117-2/18) 

SERVICES 
00 you need an on-campus 
notary public? If so, call 587-
7911 , (1 /4-6/3) 

WORD PROCESSING- papers, 
resumes, etc. Laser printing. Rush 
serviceavailable. From$1 .5OIpage. 
Sharon. 481 -7604. (1/4-1 /11) 

ENGLISH TUTORS for foreign 
students. Reasonable prices. 
Experienced teachers. Call 
Marla at 292-5119. (117-1111) 

VOICE/ACTING FORSINGERSI 
ACTORS42yearsalllevelslstyles. 
NY city opera, musicals, topdubS. 
commercials. On a mikEVcamera 
voice-over. Special fee: voice & 
piano. organ, guitar. Michael 
Bondon 598-5223. (117-211) 

~:'?8K$13* 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP· 
$20+cYI. 

Japanese carS only. IIIcIIIdM _ 
..-Ii ........... tImIII!I- ICCIIII 
............. IIoocI ce-II. 
v .... a.""" ....... ,~ ....... . _. 

fnIm 
Brake Special * *eO 
CaDAutoC .. 
Mon.~rI. 7 .... pm, lilt. .5 

88410 M,,-,* Rd .• IUIt8 C 
(behind GoocI7Mr) 

s.n DIeIo, CA .2121 
(811,"'2438 

• most c...s 

Thursday, January 7,1993 

RESUMES. Professionally ed· 
ited, laser typeset. Resum~ 
package includes free inter· 
viewing tips brochure . 
PagesPJus 452-1240. (117-1/ 
25) 

There's nothing quite like a 
night with Morganl He'lI ar· 
rive in San Diego on January 
22. (117) 

WANTED 
Happy couple looking for baby 
in a private adoption. Loving 
home. Call eves. 944-6039. (1 / 
4-1/11 ) 

WANTED: ENGLISH TUTOR 
for foreign students. Need in-
tensive work on accent & con-
versational skill. Jan.-March, 
many hourslday. Please call 
Lee 587-0909. (1/4-1/14) 

DRUMMER AND BASSIST· 
Guitarist and Keyboarist have 
originals + covers. Looking to 
gig ASAP. DAVE 558-4628. (1/ 
7-1i11) 

Bass player/singer needed for 
regressive 70s garage band. 
Love of weasels a plus. 
Originals and covers. Sabbath! 
Zep influence. Contact Tony at 
452-3236, or Ben at 586-1751 . 
(117) 

FOR SALE 
SCOOTER, 1986 Honda Elite 
150,Iow miles, looks good, runs 
well. $800Ibest. 490-1147. (1/ 
4-117) 

76 VW Bug. White. Runs great. 
Major components new. Cus· 
tom body . .$1,600 o.b.o. 695-
7051 . (1/4-117) 
Twin matress set $65. Dinette 
set $150. Sofa & Loveseat 
$200. Futon & frame $75. Can 
Deliver 576-8244. (1 /7-2/1) 

MACINTOSH SE, 4MB RAM, 
20MB hard drive. System 7.01 
+ tune-up , assorted software. 
$750. 625-0930. (1 /7-1/11) 
Surfboards for sale: 7'6 Byrne 
and other short boards. Call for 
information: 552-0920. (117-1/ 
25) 

Super Nintendo system $750.b.o. 
LanceMtn. Skateboard$25o.b.o. 
Island Style Surfboard (TO) $40 
622-9096. (117) 

76 VW Bug. White. Runs great. 
Major components new. Cus· 
tom body. $1,600 obo. 695-
7051. (117) 

Rossignol Skis - never been 
used, 205s, yours fpr$1 00 obo. 
Call Mark at 692-0985. (117-1/ 
14) 

Full·size bed for salel Pretty 
new. $4O/each. Call 452-2699. 
Ask for Julie or Kay. (117-1111) 
I 

HOUSING 
Condo for rent. Located in Sea 
Point Tennis Club. La Costa, 
view. 2 master BR, 2 master 
BA. Private parking. Rent 
$1.ooO/mo. Ca1l714-752-8124. 
(1/4-117) 

Thursday, Jonllar~' 7, 1993 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295. 
Woman needed for own room 
in nice 4-BR house. Patio. pi· 
ano. cable TV, washer/dryer. 
12minutestoUCSD. Nosmok· 
erslpets/drugs. Call Mark or 
Carrie 534-2391 or 534-3383 
(message). (1 /4-1 /14) 

Roommate wanted to share 
BR in Hillcrest 5 blks. from the 
Med. Ctr. shuttle . $195 per 
month plus 1/3 utilities and 
deposit. female nonsmoker 
preferred. Call 542-1378, (1 /4-
117) 

Sing le room available in Mira 
Mesa . Preferably female 
wanted to share 3 bedroom, 2 
1/2 bath home with th ree other 
UCSD students (female). Rent 
is $300. Please call 586-0773. 
(117-1/14) 

Roommate Wanted to share 
BR in Hillcrest 5blks from the 
Med Ctr Shuttle. $195 per 
month plus 1/3 utilities and 
deposit. Female non· smoker 
preferred. Call 542-1378. (1/7-
1/ 11 ) 

ROOM FOR RENT, La Jolla 
condo. dosetocarTlXJS. furnished, 
kitchen. bath. utilities., $4501mo. 
450-69351453-6164. (117-1/11) 
Rooms for rent. University City 
- Huge house. washer/drye'r, 
pool. $350/month share utili· 
ties 558-~535. (1 f7-1/21) 
ROOM 4 RENT. Single. PB 
$325/mo + 1/6 uti I. M or F. 
Pool. Jacuzzi, lots of space. 
Jun 272-6434. (1 17) 

PERSONALS 
"For Safety 's Sake." The Secu· 
rity Advisory Committee will be 
walking the USCD/SIO cam· 
pus after dark in the month of 
January. Reviewing light ing. 
Please let us hear any lighting 
concerns you may have, Call 
before Jan . 15, 534-5793. (1/ 
4-1/14) 

CHILDREN OF HOLOCAUST 
SURVIVORS su~ group to pro-
cess personal issueswithotherswho 
urderstand. 720-6282. (1/4-1/14) 

The UCSD Guanlian 

Muir House Advisor Apps.: 
available w/referral #4275. 
Mandatory meeting: 117 or 1/ 
20. Info: call 534-4200. (1 /4-1 / 
14) 

Muir House Advisor apps. avail· 
able through 1/20. Referral 
#4275. Mandatory meeting: 1/ 
7 or 1120. Call 534-42QO. (1 /4-
1/14) 

Interested in the environment? 
Work for Eco Logic, the cam· 
pus' new environmental news· 
paper. First meeting : Tues., 
Jan. 12. Student Orgs. offices 
above the Food Co·op in the 
Student Center. (1 /7) 

The first cave 
drawings were 
actually ads for 

bison meat. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

. HP HAS THE PERFECT SOLUTION 
FOR YOUR POST-HOLIDAY BLUES ••• 

Try 16.7 million colors without any cartridge 
switching. The new DeskJet 550C and DeskWriter 

......... ___ J ............ , ........................................... 550C offer integrated 300 dpi black 

Irb1II HEWLETT L-______ .. .,. ... PACKARD 

and color printing, and more paper 
sizes and broader media selection. 
The DeskJet features 6 typefaces and 
84 fonts; the DeskWriter 35 fonts. 

Introducing the NEW portable lIP 
DeskJet! Weighing in at just 4.4 lbs., 

. i the new DeskJet Portable has 300d}1i 
and print speed 3 ppm. It features 
84 typefaces, size and style combina-

Corne SeC tllese products Today 
Wc II t)C (1t tllC UCSD Bookstore 

from 10am-3pm 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
- 77Cf: 

No minimum • 81/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 
only 4«1: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

e LA 

La~ L[]PY+~~O+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELD & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAtLABLE 

3211 HoIMlI)' C/. (IU!.'I.'//O DolI/il/o's PiZZ{I) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :J0-6 p ,rn EMp, 2/ 7/ 93 

~~~1 w~~~m 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds proj cts for 
all majors. If you have any questions, caU us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 
WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 

FOR WINTER 93 GRANTS 
DEADLINE FRIDAY JANUARY 15 3 PM 

NDERGRADUATE 
CHOLASTIC 

RANTS 

:Jlowers <f: 9 ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San DIego. CA 92 122 

558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
V.l1l tpt.JhtU .... · tll \IIJllf .... Ul· 

\Pl. \~I,J v"lh .In, lA~r "Iler 
L\p II2 INJ 

.. 
""'t IXlh'( r 
World Wid<' 

Pulling out 
your hare? 
It only looks like magic. 
Hyperleaming tutorials give 
you regular, intensive ses-
sions (two-hour meetings, 

twice weekly) taught by experienced instructors who simpli -
fy material and provide step-by-step solutions. It costs 1150, 
hut qualified financial aid students may enroU for $125. And 
you can checkout the first session for free. We're located across 
from campus-in the La JoUa Village Profess ional Center, 
Suites 1131 and 1132A. 

Hyperiearning tutorials: no tricks 
Physics IB (Dynes): T Th 7-9 PM Starts 1/5/93 
Physics IB (Stein) W 8-10 PM SU 6-8 PM Starts 1/6/93 
OChem 140A M W 6-8 PM Starts 1/11/93 

455-1000 
B AM to midnight 

~U •• _.-_/~ ___ .. _~ 

L::JII :JJJt::1 "11f:t:31 -, III '!:/ 
mK lDU'RJ WT7'O C/:J'S£R/ODS 



ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's IG. ~ Master Mechanics ~. 
==== exclusively VW and AUOI 1tIil 

8870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 
Air & Wat. Cooled • Maintenance Servic •• Air Conditioning · Tune-Up. 
Rebuilt Engines • Gat & DieMI • Eleclrical • Clutch .. . Brlkat • ValVH 

locl2.d In III. Au1opo11 Mall • Miramar 
NeJII Door 10 Discounllie 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

Starts Friday Everywhere 

...---1r::,~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~-;'!7ro?"~.~~~Y* 
• $20 minimum purchase · Wllhln 5 mile radlu of campus 

hp 1/lI,All 
Not valid Wllh 
MY olher offer 

as always, 10% off when yo u 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in th Ralph' Center . 
• Prompt delivery. 7 days :I week. Open dady 8 a m· pill 

Take a RecClass 
this winter ... featuring 
SPORTS,. AINESS ClASSES 
TErtNI WITH TAD 
PRIVATE TINMIl.EIIWa 
TErtNI WITH UM:Y 
TErtNI W8RIOUT 
TAD Y AMACUCIII TEMIII 
UCQUElBIU 
WBGKJ 'JIlAMW: All 
BRINN.a CORI WDCIfT 
_ MR_ 
I.,., voumAll 
_.a ADULT I!VI".I.-nI1!tI 
IN11RMEDIATE tl'!YII". ,.-nIHJ 
lRAMI ... WORIlOUT 
MEN'I aYlll'4A1T1C1 
For info about theje & otheT RecCLa.uej 
call 534·403 7 or dTofJ fry Canyon"iew 

The UC 0 Guardian 

w. HOOP: 
Whitman too much 
for Tritons 
Continued from paee 12 
aggressive defense forced many Triton 
IWllOvers. Halfway through the ftJ'Sl 
half, the Whitman lead was 31-12. 

A bright pot forthe Trilons was lhe 
perf.onn1lnce.ofcenterEricaSch.oll, who 
scored the flISt 10 poinls, and 12.ofthe 
filJil16 for UCSD. SchoU ended with a 
game-high 22 points. 

The Tritons narrowed the margin 1.0 
17 points at the four·minute 1TUlJ'k, as 
Heidi Clausen sank. tw.o free throws. 

H.owever, UCSD's surge ended 
there, as they entered the locker room 
trailing 41 -22. 

Several factors figured decisively 
lhe fir.>! half. UCSD shot 29 percent 
from the field, wllile Whitman shot 40 

"Puts the ruM 
back In travel!" - TIME 
The new trave~1 ;::;;;;;;;:~m[\J 
guides that 
tell you 
everything 
you need to 
know about 
traveling when 
you're strapped 
for cash but 
ripe for adven--
ture-from 
cheap eats and 
sleeps to off -beat things 
to do for little or no money. 
Packed full of irreverent 

percenl. 
Rebounds were even at the break at 

25 apiece., The other telltale statistic 
which Ilindercd the Tritons was tum· 
overs. Whitman only had seven, while 
UCSO had more than twice that num· 
ber, 15. 

The Trit.ons played a much stronger 
second half. The scoring went back and 
f onh, as each team traded basket for 
basket and ml for mi , 

Katie Rubenser lil up the second half 
for Whitman, inking three ofhertearn 's 
five field goals to start the half. 

An indicator of UCSD's perfor· 
mance Tuesday: the Tritons did not 

maketheirf~lhree-pointerofthenight 
until 12:50 of the second half, when 
Tricia Stilwell's shot found the bottom 
of the net. 

Stilwellended wilhthree.ofUCSO' 
foUr three·pointers, for II points. 

During the last five minutes of the 

Thursday, January 7, 1993 

game. UCSDappeared moreconcemed 
witb narrowing the deficit by draining 
three pointers than playing a solid game 
.of catch· up. 

Hence, the Mi ionarie were able 
t.o increase lheir lead and hold off the 
Triton air·anack for an eventual 23 point 
victory. The defeat dropped UCSD's 
record to 5-7 .on the season. 

UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone 
was obviously quite disturbed wilh her 
team's perf.onnance. 'The f1l1it five 
minutes reaJJy t.old the game. II's like 
we've never played the game before. 
We didn't get back on defense and we 
made too many turnovers." 

The Tritons were led by SchoU with 
22pointsand II rebounds. wbileHeather 
Denker led the Mi i.onaries with 19 
points. 

UCSO's next game will be home 
againstTheMaster'sCollegenexlTues-
day at 5 p.m. in the Main Gym. 

~ QU, OF 
TH£ QOE1TION 

insights, insiders' :::::;;t,"I'I':='II 

G'V£ \N 
~o "OU~ tips , and 

3 times more 
maps than 
similar guides . ""AMJ)ERl~ l. , . 

......... ~ - .. ..,-.- 1Y1IEn ...... == •• 1II __ Ilm.I •• ",.n. eo-
.... 2 ' L. 

.......... Fodori 
~~ ~ J.-p -#r.el ..... Jt. oJ..i:-

NOTICE: 

UNIVERSID CENTER BOARD 
SPACE ALLOCATION 

The University Center Board is allocating a large 
lockable office, (10' X 16' ) on the 3rd floor of the Price 
Center. 

Interested student organizations, who have been 
registered for 1 year, should apply to the University 
Center Board c/ o Aaron Goodman - Vice Chair. 

Applications due 1/15/93. Pick up info at Price 
Center Reservations desk. 

Thursduy. Januury 7,1993 Th(' UCSD Gliunliull 

THE GUARDIAN PIGSKIN PUNDITS PLAYOFF 
SU L 

AFC Divisional Playoff NFC Divisional Playoff 

AFC r.h~arnn 

AFC Divisional Playoff NFC Divisi.onal Playoff 

The Guardian ~ Peerless Prognostications 
Gregg Wrenn Art Root Cisco DeVries 
AltoMadelen Team, '88-'91 Future "Voice of the Chargers" ESPN's Luge Ana lys t 
AFC Divisional Playoffs AFC Divisional Playoffs AFC Divisional Playoffs 

Pittsburgh 24, Buffalo 21 Pittsburgh 23, Buffalo 20 Buffalo 27. Pittsburgh 24 
San Diego 27, Miami 13 San Dieg.o 27, Miami 20 San Dieg.o 20, Mimni 17 

NFC DIvIsional Playoffs NFC Divisional Playoffs NFC Divisional Playoffs 
San Fr.mcisco 34, Washington 10 San Francisco 31, Washington 14 San Francisco 32. Washinglon 16 
DJllas 28. Philadelphia 14 Dallas 20. Philadelphia 16 D:lllas 35, Philadelphia 13 

AFC Championship AFC Championship AFC Championship 
Pittsburgh 24. San Diego 17 Sail Dieg.o 17, Pinsburgh 13 San Dieg.o 27, Buffalo 12 

NFC Championship NFC Championship NFC Championship 
San Francisco 34, Dallas 21 San Fmncisco 34, Dallas 27 San Francisco 2-1. Dallas 21 

Super Bowl Super Bowl Super Bowl 
San Francisco 31 , Pittsburgh 9 San Diego 31, San Francisco 27 San Francisco 34. San Diego 23 

He re's how to play. Rli in your win. F.or example, say you predict SO WHAT DO YOU WIN? Two 
predictions f.or this weekend 's Philadelphia 31, Dallas 20 , and large pizzas with as many 
games and then fill out the rest the actual score is 24-14. Your toppings as you want plus tW.o 
of the bracket, including scores, differential is seven from Ph illy six packs of y.our favorite, non· 
up t.o the winner of the Super and six fr.om Dallas, for a total a lcoholic beverage . Plus, y.ou ' li 
Bowl. 13. get your name mentioned as one 

If a team you pick to win loses of the Guardian gridiron gurus in 
The difference between the before the Super BoWl, you are the Feb. 1 sports section. 
scores you fill in and the actual disqualified from the rest of the 
score will be counted up for all game. In case of a tie between To enter, cut out the bracket. fi II 
the games and the person with entries, the sports department it in and return it to us by Friday 
the lowest total differential will will draw the winner from a hat. at 3 p.m. NO LATERI We will not 

THE AX juggernaul. The 1985 Bears, boasting their fonner selves, and somebody has perhaps Ihe best defense in league his· t.o be held accountable. 
ContInued from pal e 12 tory, are remembered as one of the Critics argue that the Bears of the 
(00 good a coach to be unemployed for greatest teams of all time. late '80s would have won with any 
very long. He'll tum up somewhere, Dilka epitomized Clticag.o Bears coach. They also suggest that Chicag.o 
perflap New York or Atlanta. fOOlbal1. As a player, he was a fiery, should have won the Super Bowl sev-

On Tuesday, Bears ' GM Mike relentless competitor, a Hall .of Farner. era! times over, pointing out Ihat after 
McCaskey dropped the bomb on Mike As a head coach, he's a tw<Hime coach the '85 cllampionship the Bears were a 
Oitka. ending an era in Chicag.o. Under .of the year and owner of a Super Bowl disappointing 2-5 in the postSeaSOn with 
Ditka's reign, the Bears became an '80's ring. So why did Iron Mike become the no Super Bowl appearances. And the 
powerhouse. With players like Payton, latest unempl.oyed head coach to get all Bears of 1992, the naysayers point out, 
McMahon, Singletary, Hampton and ch.oked up at a press conference? Be- were a pathetic 5-11, with an equally 
the Fridge, the Bears became an Nfl.. cause the Bears are only a shadow .of pathetic Ditka prowling the idelines 

UCSD 
INTERFRATERNITY 

L IUCSDI PANHELLENIC SSOCIATION 
Winter Greek Columns returning January 14th 

featuring: 
Latest sports scores and standings 
Winter Greek calendar 
Greek Week Preview 

call till IFC/PInhlllenlc It 534-6657 
to •• cIaI,.. IWIntllncluded In 

the Ir'IIk Cell .... calend. 

Dayton Misfeldt 
The "I'm a big fan" guy 
AFC Divisional Playoffs 

Bumll.o 28. Pinsburgh 21 
San Diego 24. Mimlli 21 

NFC Divisional Playoffs 
San Francisco 28. WlL~hington 1-1 
Dallas 31, Philadelphia 21 

AFC Championship 
San Dieg.o 31, Buffalo 24 

NFC Championship 
San FnUlcisco 35. Dallas 24 

Super Bowl 
San Fmncisco 35, S;Ul Diego 14 

be understanding about this, so 
don't be late. Turn it in t.o the 
s ports mailbox at the Guardian 
.office on the sec.ond floor of the 
Old Student Center. 

VERY IMPORTANTI Make sure 
to put your name, phone 
number, college and major on 
the form. If you don't fill out all 
that Information, you will not 
win, It 's that s imple. 

like a lunatic. 
So Da Bears will g.o on with.out 

Coach Oitka. Oitka reached the pin-
nacle of his profession, and once you 
reachthetop,eventuallyyoumustcome 
down. The Bears simply aren't very 
good anymore. 

Hey Mike, no need to come un-
glued. Take a network job and make 

threetimesa~ muchmoneyasyoudid as 
a coach, for a quarter of the eff.ort and a 
thousandth the stress. And try some 
decaf, big guy. 

SPOilT II 

AND 
Get Your FREE 

personals Ad today! 
Yes, 

you (on make 
that perlOIlOl 
(onne<1ioo all 
year 'round 

look for our new 
(omjlOJS person· 
ols rn the poper 

Order your 
FREE Camp-us 

eo..'18dion ail now! 
Check one category for your ad: 
o Women seeking men 
o Men seeking women 
o Men seeking men 
o Women seeking women 
o Study partners 
o Rentals/Roommates/ 

Ridesharing/Carpooling 
o General shared 

interest/Friendship 
o TIckels bought/sold, 

Fanlasy trips 

--------

Complete this fOiII .. 
Write your cd, one word per squor •. Then, Img if 

10 tt.e paper or mM ~ to: CDmpus (annodion, 
tOI T...,...,.jSI.. Soo Fr..ma. CA 94107. Or Oii: 

1-800-934-7652 
md ask for Ca1tty to place you ad. 
IAllflfor"' I\',"~ YOlll~." btoppr .... IllIer ( ... 
.. PWw .. .., ..... ,..ImI..,. .... Ii' """"If."'" 

wl"" ..... Ito_'"''''I~ _II .. k.(.,..t 

Category: _____ _ 

Nome: ______ _ 

Address: ______ _ 

City & Zip: _____ _ 

Phone Number: ____ _ 

L ________ .I 



12 SPORTS 

ARf 

HOD T 
NFL Coaches: 
Heads Served On 
A Silver Platter 

Three NFl... head coaches have been 
canned in the last II day ,with more 
firings in the near future a certainty. 
Ray Handley's dismissal in ew York 
was no surprise. He was a completely 
uninspiring coach who managed to 
take a Super Bowl champion from the 
penthouse to the outhouse in two short 
years. The previously air-tight Giants 
deferto;e began springing leaks at the 
most inopportune moments. The 
offense was a ut as exciting and 
dynamic as a houseplant. I apologize; 
that' an insul! to millions of 
houseplants aero America. 

Giants fans aren't very forgiving. 
Even Bill Parcells got his fair share of 
criticism despite two Super Bowl 
victories. Yet Handley didn't have the 
charisma or the presence to denect 
New York' wrath a! well as Parcells 
did As Giants fans soon discovered, 
Ray Handley is no Bill Parcells. Not all 
of the blame is Handley's; he inherited 
an aging unit that was going to get 
worse before it got better. Yet 
somebody had to llIke the blanle for 
the Giants' medi ri!y, so the 
rebuilding will begin in ew York 
with ut Handley. 

Dan Reeves was the loser in a 
power struggle within the Bronco 
hierarchy. Perhaps the three most 
imponam component of an 
NFl... club are the owner, the coach, 
and the quarterback. It's widely known 
that there's no love lost between coach 
Reeves and quarterback John Elway. 
It 's also widely known that Elway and 
owner Pat Bowlen have been ~1aging a 
love-in for years. So when Reeves 
implored Bowlen for more power in 
player personnel deci ions. Elway 
acted in a very predictable manner. He 
<;mbbed him in the 00 Ie. Three weeks 
ago, Elway publicly announced that 
Reeves "needs some help" to rum the 
Denver progr.un around. What Elway 
meant to ~ly was 'get rid of Reeves. ' 

Bowlen sided with Elway. and with 
two-thirds of the power triangle 
aligned against Reeves, the :lA fell. The 
fall guy in ,ueh a scenario w uldn't be 
Bowlen. for obvious re.tSons. And you 
don 'l IrJde The Franchise, because 
such a move would make Denver the 
Tampa Bay of the AFe. So Reeves 
had 10 go. even though under his 

~teward! hip the Bron os had been one 
of the most consistently solid teams in 
the NFL. 

Reeves is widely respected in NFL 
circles as one of the most gifted 
coach in football. Yet he wdSll' t 
good enough for Denver? Reeves 
deserved bener treatment. 

All Dan Reeves ever wanted was a 
Super Bowl winner in Denver, and if 
anybody deserved to win football's big-
gest prize it was Reeves, Look on the 
bright ide. Maybe the Broncos saved a 
life by showing Dan thedoor.lf anybody 
was a prime candidate for a heart attack 
on the idelines, it was Reeves. Yel he's 

See THE AX, Page 11 

The UCSD Guardian 

Whitman 
Topples 
Tritons 
WOMEN'S BASKEIBAU.: Missionaries 
pull away early and hold off UCSD for win 
By Blair RIcHey 
StaffWnter 

You live by the sword and die by the 
word. The UCSD women's bas-

ketball tean1, truggling to get its 
high-OC1l\ne offense into gear. never 
got it out of neutral Tuesday night. 

UCSD, hosting the Mi ionar-
ies ofWhinnan College ryt A) were 
unable to control the fast-paced 
Mi iormry offense throughout the 
grune, en route to a 78-55 Triton 
loss. 

Things looked bad for the Tri-
tons from the start. as Jennifer 

McClurewon thetipoffforWhitmanand NicholeEnzrninger 
drove down the court for an easy basket to begin the game. 

The Mis ionaries 
T1Ie Scoreboerd jumped out to a quick 1)-

UCSD 55 

WHITMAN 78 

2 lead, controlling the 
tempo of the game with 
a fast-break offense and 
fuU-coun press defense. 

• 

-

Thursday, January 7,1993 

-------

The UCSD deficit continued to grow as Whitman's 

See W. HOOP, Page 10 
Jason Ritchie/Guan1ian 

ErIca Scholl drives the lane over a Whitman defender during UCSD's 78-55 loss. 

Jason Ritchie/GuardIan 
Valerie Ryan and the UCSD Tritons came up short apInst WhItman CoIIeIe. 

DIe Week Aheacl 

Spence's Record 
Paces UCSD Win 

John Spence exploded for 46 points last night to lead the 
UCSD men's basketball team to a 127-1 12 victory over 
Redlands last night. 

Spenc:e's46-
point total 
eclipsed former 
Triton tar Tin1 
Rapp's42-poinl 
outburst in 1990. 
Spence was 18 
for 23 from the 
field, including 
four for fi ve 
from three-point 
range. 

The 18 field 
goals i also a 
school record 
surpassing the 
previous stan-
dard of 16 set by 
three players. Chuck Nf.rIen/Guan1iBl'l 

S pen c e John Spence had 48 points. 
wasn't the only sharpshoocer however, as a team the Tritons 
blitzed the Bulldogs, shooting 64.6 percent from the floor. 

(luis Moore also was a force fIX' UCSD, throwing down 
36 poinlS and grabbing II rebounds. The Tritons held a 45-28 
rebounding edge over the Bulldogs. with Andy Swindall 
leading the Tritons with 12 boards. 

- Gregg Wrenn 

The Headline Matchup: Men's basketball hosts the La Jolla Classic with Glassboro State (NJ), Pomona-PItzer and Haverford (PA). Glassboro and 
Pomona play Friday at 6 p.m., with the Tritons taldng on Haverford at 8 p.m. 

Other Games: Swimming and diving vs. Alaska-Anchorage and Colorado State, Friday at 4 p.m., Canyonview Pool. 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • JANUARY 7,1993 

Photo courtesy of Gian Franco Goreon/Conracr Press Images 
A Mojahadim freedom fighter In Afghanistan smiles for the blrdy - sort 01. 

IMAGE IS 
EVERYTHING 

Mandeville Exhibit Explores Photojournalism Since Vietnam 
By Gordon Hurd 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

It is sometimes difficult to isolate an aspect of a 
culture - sometimes more difficult to step back and 
study that aspect. Often, however, the results can prove 
to be educational, insighrful and even humbling. 

Currently at the Mandeville Gallery, the public is 
able to view just such an attempt with the exhibit, 
"Contact: Photojoumalism Since Vietnam." 

Highlighting the work of eight members of Contact 
. Press Images, a press-photography agency, the exhibit 
adeptly showcases the images that have defined recent 
history. These are prime and often award-winning 
examples of photographs that have appeared in 
newspapers and magazines; visual stories that influence 
and infonn the world. This is true even now, despite 
television's ever-growing importance since that 
epochal chapter in history - the Vietnam War. 

It is that departure in emphasis away from 
Vietnam that makes "Contact" uch a relevant 
exhibit for students today. These are the images that 
portray the events of our generation, the representa-
tions of situations and people that we can finally 
discuss in personal terms, from a firsthand point of 
view. They are not the same old photographs with 
nothing to say besides what the history books or an 
older generation have not already made very clear. 

TIle exhibit groups together over 130 photo-
graphs from such events as the Gulf War, the 
demonstrations in Tiananrnen Square, the Los 
Angeles riots and the fall of Soviet power in the 
Eastem Bloc. 

Some of the images have not been displayed on 
the previous legs of the exhibit's tour. A number of 
these photographs have barely seen print in 
America because of what many magazine editors 

and the A ociated Press considered to be shocking and 
controversial content. All of which makes this show out to be 
one of the mosl timely and socially beneficial exhibits to 
come to UCSD this year. A degree in an is not required in 
order to gain some cultural and global insight from these 
works. 

"Contact: Photojournalism since Vietnam" will be featured 
at UCSD Mandeville Gallery through Jan. 24. In addition to 
an opening reception from 6-9 p.m. on Tuesday, Jan. 19, there 
will also be a symposium entitled "Memories of the Present: 
The Role of Photojoumalists Today," at7 p.m. the same 
night. 

The panel will include Alon Reininger, one of the con-
tributors and founding member of Contact, as well as photog-
raphers and professors from UCSD. A workshop entitled 
''The Photojournalist as Humanist" follows on Wed., Jan. 20 
from 10 am. to noon. Gallery Hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday 12-5 p.m. For more infonnatioo call 534-2864. 

TOM NRITS RECORD REYIEWED H2 PET[R'S fRIENDS MOYIE R[VIEN 04 



HIATUS 2 

Tom Waits sings about 
the down and out using 
found objects as his 
instruments. 

Courtesy 01 Brian Gralvn 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 7, 1993 

RECORD REVIEWS 
BONE MACHINE: Tom Waits rattles 
the bones of the dead on his latest release 

Tom Walts 
Bone Machine 
Island Records 

Tom Waits has always experi-
mented with odd in rruments and 
pushed the mnge of his sc ratchy 
voice. On Balle Machine, he 
continues that tradition and makes 
some harrowing observations 
concerning death and the nalure of 
human exi tence. 

Waits recently moved out of 
Los Angele to a mall town , and 
the theme and sound of BOlle 
Machine reflect thi change. The 
album itself was recorded in a shed 

Waits plays 
make-shift 
perctlssion -
crowbars, 
1ijuana sabers 
and variolls 
metal objects. 
and Waih play a lot of make~hift 

percus~ioll - crowbars. Tijuann 
~aber; and vari u~ metal objech. 

The eerie sound of muling 
bone~ on "Eal1h Died Screaming" 
is attained \\ ith the u~e of these 

pcrcu~sion inMrument-.. Waits' 
v icc i~ alw;IY~ hard to ~wallow ­
it sounds like hb vocal chords 
have been rubbed raw wilh 
sandpaper - and he somelimes 
pu hes things too far on BOlle 
Machine. When he trie to sing 
sopr.mo on "Dil1 in the Ground," it 
ju t doesn't work. 

Some of the best song are the 
ones in which Waits' voice ounds 
like il has been filtered through an 
intercom. Hi antagoni tic lyric 
take si nister tones on songs like 
"Ocean Doesn' t Want Me" and 
"Murder in Red Bam." two song 
which depict events which could 
happen in any mall town. 

The subtle melody of " Black 
Wings" e alates with the descrip-

tion of a eland tine figure who 
"everyone denie eve r having 
met." 

There are some throwaways on 
Bone Machine. The songs "In the 
Colo eum" and "Let Me Get Up 
on It" are intolerable. ' 'That Feel ," 
a duet with Roll ing Stone Keith 
Richard , pairs up two of rock's 
raspiest vocal s and the re ult i 
anything but pretty. But Waits ' 
ability to experiment wi th music 
and his lurid character description 
continue to make him one of 
rock' truly original arti ts. 

Leonard Cohen 
The Future 

Columbia Records 
Leonard Cohen is renowned a 

a great inger-songwriter who 
continue to write with the al1istry 
of a poet. Cohen's first album, 
Songs of Leonard Cohen, was 
released in 1967. Since then Cohen 
has released a number of critically-
acclaimed albums. The FlIIlIre is 
hi. first album in four years. and 
even though the album fealure~ 
some fine jazz melodie , il 
bru.ically sink to elf-righteou~­
ness when it paints a bleak picture 
of the future of life in America. 

It 's not Ihat all of Cohen's 
observation are off-ba:.e. In the 
song "Democracy:' he as et1s that 
"democracy i~ coming to the 
U . . A .... implying that the United 
States has not been the tandard-
bearer for global democratization. 
Cohen lakes on the false wisdom 
of an all-knowing prophet pal1icu-
larly on the title track. He sings, 
" I've een the future. brother: it is 
murder." While the g lorification of 
romantic love in songs like " Light 
as the Breeze" and Irving Berlin's 
song "Always" is not unique, 
Cohen use hi deep, rumbling 
voice to make it seem like he is 
experiencing something transcen-
dental. 

- Jeff Nlesel 
The Goats 

Tricks of the Shade 
Ruf(house/ Columbia 

Enter one, enter all into "Uncle 

Scam's Federally Funded We ll 
Fair and Freak Show." Sit down 
and Ii ten in as the newe t mp 
ensemble, The Goats, take you on 
a ride through a camival of 
federally-e ndorsed and federally-
imprisoned freaks on their debut 
album, Tricks of the Shade. 

Thi new disc from the 
Philadelphia-based group is bound 
for glory. Consisting of three main 
MCs (Madd, Swayzack and OaTie 
Kato) and numerous musicians and 
vocali IS. 

The Goats have no problem in 
exuding originality and spice in a 
medium that can usually offer 
nothing but bland fare. Tricks of 
the Shade takes on a fonn close to 
an operetta, wi th dialogue and a 
storyline interspersed with cuts 
that will be hits. II is the slOry of 
Chicken little and his newborn 
baby brother, Hangerhead, that 
fomls the continuity of Tricks of 
the Shade. 

The Goats spout willy. hip 
lyric entirely relevant to the state 
of affairs in "Amerikkka" 
today.Topics ~uch as abortion. 
genocide. the Columbus contro-
versy. the police and others don't 
go untouched by this excruciat-
ingly funky group. 

The samples and riffs stand out 
on the disc. flowing and re onating 
trangely in your head. It· s a good 

bet that The Goats will find many 
fan becau 'e they are involved in 
the same SOil of vibe as Cypress 
Hill , although they are much more 
political. 

Although ome of the spoken 
interludes become tedious after a 
few listens, this new disc is going 
to provide many hours of head-
nodding and booty-shaking. With 
ongs like "Aaah D Yaaa" and its 
mooth '70 fee l, and "TV Cop .. 

wi th its commentary o n the state of 
legal affairs, the album leaves no 
hip rock untumed. Tricks of the 
Shade will sure ly make it mark as 
a politically-on-tip and musically-
competitive new release for 1993. 

~ordon Hurd 

UCSD CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES 

~ presented by 
"" UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 

STRING 
QUARTET 

JANUARY 16 • SATURDAY • 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $18. UCSD STUDENTS $10adv. 
SPECIAL: UCSD ST. $5 AT-THE-DOOR (limited #) 

UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 ~~ .. -. 
.... ~-="':I:JI, '.::::::.. ........ 

• 1I./a7.-Tlxa 
c ""-.. . _"'" 

8.$ X 11 • 20twhlte 
autpfeed or self serve 

with Ihis coupon 

Mus! ",how )1:J(jpnt 10 ! ;,1 .,,,' ; I 
4150 Regenls Park HOW 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
457-1007 

PLEASE BABY PLEASE 
.. __ ~ _III tilt 
.. .... CIMIItI .... 
up&~" In the Student Center. Bulldi~ A. 

Thursday, January 7, 1993 The UC D Guardian HlATU 3 

MOVIE REVIEW 
PE I ER'S FRIENDS: Kenneth Branagh's [tlm features funny but trite reunion 

By Jeff Niese! 
Hiatus Editor 

It 's almost a cl iche by now -a group of 
old fri end convene after a lengthy respite 
and experience a communal crisi which 
binds them clo er than they have ever been. 
It happen in Grand Canyon, St. £Imo' s 
Fire. The Big Chill and j u t about every 
Woody Allen film. With a predictable 
screenplay and some fi ne acting perfor-
mances, director Kenneth Branagh (Henry 
V. Dead Again) has created a clever but 
essentially tri te film in Peler's Friends. The 
movie' s strength stems from its even 
balance of humor and heavy doses of angst. 

The film begins with footage of poli tical 
figure like John Major, Pre ident Bu hand 
Mikhail Gorbachev , mixed wilh footage of 
pop icon like Michae l Jackson and 
Madonna, but the film only use ' the e 
images as superficial soundbites - the 
characters never make referen es to political 
or socia l change that have occurred during 
their lives. 

The picture's backdrop is a New Year's 
puny thrown by Peter (Stephen Fry) at his 
father's large countryside manor. He tries to 
reunite all his college friend who per-
fomled a vaudeville comedy routine 
together. It ha been 10 years sin e the 
group perfonned its las! show, lmd they 
soon discover that their lives have not 
worked out as neatly as they would have 
liked. 

Each chanlcter reveals his or her own 
problem as the New Year's weekend gets 
under way. Despite the uccess of their 
situation comedy and the fact that they have 
made lot o f money living in Hollywood, 
Andrew (Branagh) and hi wife Carol (Rita 
Rudner, who co-wrote the script) are not 
sleeping together and attend AI oholic 
Anonymous meeting regularly. 

Samh (Alphonsia Emmanuel) comes 
with her dopey - and married - boyfriend 
Brian (Tony Slattery). but as soon as he 
leaves hi wife, she decides she doesn't like 
him any more. Roger (Hugh Luurie) a nd 
Mary (Imelda Staunton) are manied. but the 
death of one of their twins haunt them and 
Mary obsesses over the safety of the 
remaining twin. 

Maggie (Emma Thompson), neurotically 
over-protective of her cat, i looking for a 
mate, and when he tries to educe Peter he 
reveal that he is "no! in the vagina busi-
ness:' 

TIle characters become 
involved in a 
number of 
arguments and 
confes ions 
which make for 
some very fine 
perfonnances. 
Branagh. playing a 
frustrated play-

Courtesy 01 Clive Coote 
Kenneth Branap directs Rita RLKlner, Emma Thompson, 
Stephen Fry, MeIda Staunton, Huch ....... , Alex Lowe, 
AIphonsia Emmanuel, Tony Slattery, and ~ Law In 
the farce, Peter's Friends. 

wright, goes all-out in conveying the 
despondent and cynical atti tude of someone 
who has arrived at thil1ysomething feeling 
like he ha sold out to cOlTImerciuli m. The 
drunken insults he spew ' at the end of the 
fi lm are hilarious. Rudner aptly pot1rays 
Carol' neurotic eating ,lI1d exercise habits. 
Thompson (Howard's £/Id), as the lonely 
yet compassionate Maggie. is brilliant as 
usual. 

But the problems these characters 
encounter do not elici t much compassion. 
Perhaps the film is too neat for it own 
good, tying up all the 100 e ends and 
reo toring camar.lderie with Peter's revela-
tion at the end. 

TIle use of music contributes to the film's 
superficial slant. Often the songs are too 
disruptive and make the film appear to be a 
collection of unrelated clips. Song~ like 
Queen's "You're My Dest Friend: ' Bruce 
Springsteen' "I lungry Ileal1" and the 
Pretenders . 

"Don't Get Me Wrong" are the son of 
popular but insipid ong from the '80s 
which are best forgonen. 

This film probably won't satisfy those 
who admired Bmnagh 's talent in HI'''')' I '. 
but he is working on a version of 
Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing." 
so there is something to look forward to. AI 
lea t you know the script has to be good. 

Perer's Friends is showing at the 
Hillcrest ineillas in Hillcrest. Call 299-
2100 for more infom1al ion. 

AN EVENING OF GREAT TRADITIONAL BLUES & STORYTELLING 

You'll be ... Ine 
QREEMbec ... 

w.'r. READ 
au .. -~ 11403411 

CEPHAS & WIGGINS WITH STORYLADY JACKIE TORRENCE 
JANUARY 20 

WEDNESDAY • 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $12/14· St. $8110 

Special: FadStaff & 
Sr.CIt. $10/12 

UCSD 
BOX OFFICE 

534-6467 



HlATU 4 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 7,1993 

UP CO M II G 
for tudents are $10 to $18. Info: 
544-9079. 

T 0 DRY 
The Forbidden PI&s throw a 
record release pany at the Belly 
Up Tavern in Solana Beach. 
Gue t include Country Dick 
Montana, Mojo Nixon, Chris 
Gaffney and luke Logan. Show 
tart at8:30 p.m . and tickets are 

$6. Info: 481-9022. 

New York choreographers/ 
dancers Yvonne Meier and 
Ishmael Houston-Jones 
perform at the Su hi Gallery 
downtown as pan of the Dance 
FraicheSeries. Performance are 
at 8 p.m. and continue Friday 
and Saturday. Tickets are $11. 
Info: 235-8466. 

Blue guitaris t B.B. King play 
at the Rhythm Cafe in Kearny 
Me a at 7 and 10:30 p.m. Tick-
et are $30.50 in advance. Info: 
576- AFE. 

fRIDRY 
The critically-acclaimed oun-
try band Shenandoah plays 
at the Rhythm afe in Kearny 
Me aat 7 and 10:30p.m.Tick-
ets are $19.50 in advance. Info: 
576- AFE. 

Drown 11 plays a free show 
at 4 p.m. in the Bullseye Tave rn . 

SRTURDRY 
Streetwlse, a documentary 
film about children in Seattle by 
Mary Ellen lark, will be hown 
from 9:30 a .m. to noon at the 
Cafe Cinema downtown. Ad-
mis ion is $5. Info: 239-5262. 

The Cleveland Quartet will 
perform election from Mozart, 

ch ubert and Ravel at the 
Doubletree Hotel in Horton 
Plaza at 6 p.m. Ticket range 
from $20 to 250. Info: 558-
1000. 

SUNDRY 
Comedian Sheley Berman 
ho ts a multi-mediaevent tocel-
ebrate the publication of The 
FOllr Dimensions of Paradise 
by Rabbi amuel Penner. Tick-
e t forstudentsare$5.lnfo:232-
0188. 

Yoav Talmi conducts the San 
Diego Symphony as it per-
form pieces by John Lorge. 
Vieuxternp and Saint- aen at 
2 p.m. at opley ymph ny Hall. 

Info: 699-4205. 

TUESDRY 
Seven Hundred Miles plays 
with Creedle at the Casbah at 9 
p.m. Ticket are $3. Info: 294-
9033. 

The Kina's Singers, a Brit-
i h ix-man vocal group, will 
perform in Brown Chapel on the 
Point Lorna Nazarene Coliege 
campu at 8 p.m. Tickets f"'.lllge 
from $ 12 to$15. lnfo:22 1-2336. 
Reggae band Foundation, 
Donovan and Cardiff 
Reefers play in the Healing of 
the Nation Tour at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach. Ticket 
are $7. Info: 481-9022. 

WEDNESDRY 
Itzhak Periman play violin 
with pianist Janet Gug-
genheim at 8 p.m. in the Ci oIic 
Theatre downtown. Ticket 
range from $15 to $65. Info: 
459-3728. 

THERTER 
Cua del Prado Theatre: 
Cole Poner' "Anything Goes" 
will be performed by the San Di-
egoluniorTheatre. Performance 
tan tomorrow at 7 p.m. and will 

continue every Friday at 7 p.m. 
and Saturday and Sunday at 2 
p.m. throughJan. 24. Ticket range 
from $5 to $7. Info: 239-131 I. 

North Coast Repertor y The-
atre: "The Immigrant," Mark 
Harelik's tribute to his grandfa-
ther, opens Saturday and contin-
ue through Feb. 13. TIle play i 
about a young Jewi h immigrant 
in Texas. Performance are at 8 
p.m. Thursday through Saturday 
and at 2 and 7 p.m. on Sunday. 
Ticket range from $12 to $14. 
Info: 481 - 1055. 

Sweetooth Comedy The-
atre: loe Onon ' "Loot" opens 
tomorrow and runs through Feb. 
13 with performances Thursday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. Ticket 

GALLERIES 
~vtIe G •• ery: "Con-
tact: Photojoumali m since Viet-
nam" will be on exhibit until Ian . 
24. The exhibit feature photo-
graphs of people and event that 
have had a hi torical impact. Ad-
mis ion i free. The gallery is 
open Tue day through Sunday. 
noon to 5 p.m. Info: 534-3120. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "lana Sterbak: States of 
Being" focuses on the body, the 
bedroom and clothing as meta-
phor and is on di play until Feb. 
28. The museum i open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. and Wednesday from 10a.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admi ion for student 
is $2. Info: 454-3541. 

Grove GaIery: "New Terri-
tory: The Viet name e Arti ts 
Project Begins" i on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Friday from 
10 am. to 5 p.m. and Saturday 
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Admis ion 
i free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: " Mary Ellen Mark: 25 
Years" i on display through Jan. 
31. Mark i a renowned documen-
tary photographer. The mu eum 
is open daily from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Admi sion i $3. Info: 239-
5262. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA , SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER ·SESS/ON '93 
'. 

"\~ Pic:fuI}J!19 your class schedule 
bUt!;la~rt ,tee what you want? 

.:: ,. '~~!;;.:=::::~~,~·i~~::·::;:·);~: ;~~1i(~~~;~iE;' 
. UCSD Summer ~~~IOII'I; W~ 
250 courses during 
(June 2S-Jo!y 30 and 

:::'L , .. A preliminary course list ~,.} ~~!!!!?~ ... : 
. .~. 

F~btuory. To receive a free cato 

• • 

c~II :534--4364, xl 0 I or mail the tOrl~i:I)'lIl4w~~;f:t:,:}. 
, 

Please put me on the mcir.ng lisllo receive a frH Summer S.S5ion catalog in March. 

c~ __________________________ ~~~ ... ~. 

State 

Ma~ 10: UCSD Summ.r Session, 9SOO Gilman Or .. lo lola, CA 92093-0179 
"-: .. , .:. . 

:~ .. : ..• ::;.~:" .... "':-: .. . 
.;1' ... .. 

COLORS • (UT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 
$99 BIKER JACKETS 

COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 
HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COO l STU F F 
F A I R M A I R ~S 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 __ ----' 

Take a RecClass 
this winter ... 
featuring our 
HEALTH AT PROGRAM 
Body ..... Work~_ ...... 
.. L .... 'r_Fell.u ..... 118128 
..... lIIyV .. 
TT1I1 ......... 'r........a 4 ...,... 

C8n ....... fII_ 
, ....... n. ...... 11rt17 

..... ....... _CIInIc 
let. 'r~ fell. ..,. 
T ..... II ... willi T., 
................ bbl'" SSI 
.. L .... =-. ......... IUf7a 

For info abouc Chese l!I ocheT RecCLuses 
call 534-4037 or drop fry Can~ieu1 


