
ELSEWHERE 

Phi Kappa Sigma 
Su .. UC Riverside 
RIVERSIDE - The Phi 
Kappa Sigma fraternity filed 
suit UC Riverside and its top 
administrators last week, 
attempting to overturn a 
three-year suspension sparked 
by a controversial rush T-
shirt. The suit alleges that 
UCR violated the fraternity's 
right to free speech by 
suspending it for the shirt 
design, which Chicano 
groups had called racist. Last 
month, UCR administrators 
suspended the fraternity, 
overruling a lighter penalty 
imposed by the campus' 
Inter-Fraternity Council. 

A.s. Debates Role In 
Chancellor Search 
DA VIS - Members of UC 
Davis' A.S. Council have 
questioned ASUCD Presi-
dent Dana Shoffner's 
membership on the search 
committee for a new chan-
cellor. Shoffner, who was 
asked to serve on the 
committee by University of 
California President Jack 
PeItason, said it is the right 
of the A.S. president to fill 
the position. Other members 
of the executive council have 
argued that it is the role of 
the ASUCD to select student 
representatives for the 
committee. UCD Chancellor 
Theodore Hullar announced 
his resignation last month. 

UCSBI.Num ...... 
Two Party School 
SANTA BARBARA-
II/side Edge, a Boston 
magazine, ranked UC Santa 
Barbara the second among 
300 colleges and universities 
in its survey of the "Best 
Colleges Ever." UCSB was 
edged out by Florida State 
University. Schools were 
rated on their proximity to 
beaches, the weather and the 
number of parties, clubs. bars, 
sports facilities and attractive 
female students. 

INSIDE 

FUNK 
HIATUS: George 
Clinton still grooves 
after all these years H1 

SPORTS: Women's 
soccer beat Cal 
Lutheran, 1-0 • 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ............................ 2 
CALVIN & nOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION ...... ........................ .... .. 
HI . .\TVS .................................. HI 
SPORTS .................................... 9 
CIASSIFIEDS ........................... 10 

t· USED 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1993 

• 

Dan McOoweli /Guall1ian 
Fire trucks staked out Bernardo Trella Road durlnc Tuesday's fire. Although flames 
were within a few hundred yards of homes, no houses we,. destroyed In the fire. 

Poway Fire Burns 1,500 Acres 
By Philip Michaela 
News Editor 

Aided by dry Santa Ana winds that blew up 
to 45 miles per hour, a brush fire burned 1,500 
acres near Poway on Tuesday. 

No homes were lost in the fire, although 
several areas were evacuated and an evacua-
tion center was set up at Poway High School. 
According to Sherry Darrah, a supervisor 
with the Poway Fire Department, the fire 
came to within a few hundred feet of homes in 
eastern Rancho Bernardo. 

Firefighters announced that the blaze was 
100 percent contained on Wednesday morn-
i ng. The total cost of the fire's damage was not 
yet available. Darrah. 

North county roads and highways were 
congested as a result of the afternoon fire. 

Traffic was gridlocked on Interstate-15 dur-
ing the afternoon commute because of smoke 
from the blaze. 

Officials for the California Department of 
Forestry (CDF) said that the fire was started by 
a migrant worker's campfire near Espola and 
Old Coach roads. On Wednesday, Darrah con-
firmed that the campfire had started the blaze. 

The brush fire came less than a week after 
a fire in Escondido that burned over 20,000 
acres and destroyed eight homes. Officials 
estimated that last week's fire caused $1 .25 
million in damage. 

In the past week, Santa Ana winds have 
fueled fires throughout Southern California, 
including a 20,OOO-acre blaze in Malibu. Fires 
have also consumed Laguna Beach, Altadena 
and parts of Ventura County. 

c s 

VOLUME 80. I. . UE 1 :~ 

A.S. Closer to 
Final Decision 
on Smith 
MEmNG: Lockwood propo e 
that A.S. withhold funding from 

.... 

all organizations in Winter Quarter 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 
and Alex Thiesen 
Guardian Reporter 

The Associated Students Council moved 
closer to adopting an interim policy for com-
plying with the SmiTh \'. Regellfs ruling last 

night when. in a non-

INSIDE: 
Campus 

organizations 
face the future 
after Smith. 2 

bi nd ing vote , II 
members favored an 
amended option pro-
posedjust a few hours 
earl ier. 

The SmiTh ruli ng, 
which was released 
by the tate upreme 

Court last February, states thut studen t fees 
could not be used to fund politicu l. ideologi-
calor religious organizations on campus. The 
ruling was upheld by the U ... Supreme Court 
last month. 

At least week 's Council of Chuncellors 
meeting, the nine University of California 
chancellors approved two methods of fund-
ing organizations under the SmiTh ruli ng. A 
final policy must be enacted by Spring Quar-
ter, the chancellors decided, while an in terim 
policy must be set up for Winter Quarter. 

This was the focus of last night 's A.S . 
meeting, as council members debated how to 
allocate funding for the interim period duri ng 
Winter Quarter. Two options - know n as 
option A and option B - were ad dre~'etl by 
the council. Under option A. thecouncil ,,;ould 
not allocate funding to politica l. ideological 
or rei igious organizations du ri ng Wi IlterQuar-
ter while continuing 10 fund other campus 
groups. With option B, the A.S. would not 
fund any organizations next quarter. 

"We are free to choose between und B 
and implement those as we will." said A.S. 
President Carla Tesak. ''I'm not saying that 
we 're just goi ng to lay down and die. but... 
we're going to have to adhere to [the chancel-
lors'] fee mechanisms." 

DirectorofDevelopment Wally Lockwood 
proposed an amended version of option A. 
known as option C, in which the A .. would 
not fund political. ideological or re ligious 
organizations at all. Other organi zations would 
be underwritten by funds from A .. income, 
which the organizations would be required to 
pay back within a month . 

See A.S. , Page 3 

UCSD Researchers Rally Behind Atkinson's Ultimatum 
COSTS: Scientists agree 
that UC reimbursement 
policy must be reviewed 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD scientific commu-
nity expressed strong support for 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, who 
has threatened to resign if the cam-
pus is not fully reimbursed for 

research overhead costs by the Uni-
versity of California. 

"[Atkinson's] concern is well -
deserved," said Biology Professor 
Paul Saltman. "The money is dis-
tributed in an asymmetric fashion 
according to the Office of the 
President's whims." 

During his state of the campus 
address at last week's Academic 
Senate meeting, Atkinson criti-
cized the UC system's reimburse-

ment policy to cover overhead 
costs, which include uch excess 
expenses as research employees 
not on the university payroll. 

Currently, individual campuses 
earn federal grants to fund these 
overhead costs. Half of the money 
goes to the state of California, and 
the other half is given to the UC 
Office of the President to be di -
tributed back to campuses. 

Atkinson said that UCSD was 

refunded 78 percent of its over-
head, the second-lowest percent-
age among UC schools. Other cam-
puses, sll'ch as Santa Cruz and Ri v-
erside, received well over IOOper-
cent of their indirect costs. 

UC spokesman Mike Alva said 
that the university's reimburse-
ment policy is designed to , uPport 
continued research :I t all nine UC 
campu e . Alva added that the UC . 

See POLICY, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

Student Organizations· 
Face Life After Smith 
RUUNG: Limits on funding may force campus 
groups to increase fundraising, limit activities 
By Ben Freund 
Senior Staff Writer 

As student government leaders 
look for ways to comply with the 
new funding procedures required 
by the Smith v. Regellls ruling, 
campus organizations are worried 
that the decision may radically 
affect their ability to sponsor ac-
tivities. 

nization has yet to be set in stone 
by the Office of the President. The 
A.S. currently allocates funding 
to fi ve religious organizations and 
one political group. Ideological 
organizations have never been de-
fined. 

According to A .S. Vice Presi-
dent Finance Neena Malik, the 

lack of permanent 
definitions hascre-
ated uncertainty 
among organiza-
tions about what is 
going to happen. 

Many student 
organizations are 
likely to see cuts in 
fundi ng because of 
the State Supreme 
Court 's decision in 
the SlIlith case, in 
which it ruled that 
students cannot be 
forced to fund po-
litical, ideological 
or religious orga-
nizations. 

Associate Stu-
dents Vice Presi-
dent Administra-
tive John Barnes 
said that lhe ruling 
could have a dra-
matic effect on stu-
dent organizations. 
According to 
Barnes, someorga-
nizations receive 
only part of their 
funding from the 
A .S. "But there are 
some organizations 
here on campus 
that are entirely de-
pendent on the A.S, 
for funding. Those 
are the kind of or-

"There are some 
organizations 
here on campus 
that are entirely 
dependent 

" Organizations 
are coming in Ito 
the A.S. offices], 
and theydon'tnec-
essarily under-
stand what's going 
on. [ went around 
on Fall Festival on 
the Green, and 1... 
talked to every 
single student or-
ganization there 
for 10 minutes 
each. I lost my 
voice," Malik said. on the A.S. for 

funding. Those 
are the kind 

Lesbian, Gay 
and Bisexual As-
sociation (LGBA) 
Principal Member 
'Pete Normandin 
said that his orga-
nization considers 
itself to be an edu-
cational one. even 
though the plain-
tiffs in the Smith 

of organizations 
that are going 
to be hardest hit 
by this ruling." 

-John Barnes, 
A.S. Vice President 

ganizalions that are going to be 
hardest hit by this ruling." Barnes 
said. 

Most members ofstudentorga-
nizations criticized the ruling for 
the impact it will have on the cam-
pus. fnbal Israely, president of the 
San Diego Public Affairs Com-
mittee (SANDPAC). said that al-
though she agrees that people 
should have the right to determine 
which organizations they should 
fund, the Smith ruling will have an 
overly adverse effect on campus 
life. 

"If you cut out the organiza-
lions that people ~upport. you're 
really hurting students. These stu-
dent organizations really provide 
Ihe life of the students, so it' s 
important to provide for all as-
pects, not just educational aspects," 
said Israely. whose organization 
lobbies for stronger ties between 
the United States and Israel. 

Part of lhe problem facing stu-
dent organizations is that the defi-
nition of what constitutes a politi-
cal, religious or ideological orga-

Administrative case specifically 
objected to fund-

ing gay and lesbian organizations. 
"The A .S. has been really support-
ive of our community." 
Normandin said. 

"If we lose our funding, it will 
suck because it doesn't hurt just 
us. it hurts the entire campus," he 
added. 

Heather Haxo Phillips, a prin-
ciple member of the Women 's 
Resource Center (WRC). said that 
the Smith ruling did not clearly 
define which organizations will 
be affected, 

" I don't think we should have 
our funding taken away because 
of what we do. I think that the 
political activism that we do is a 
type of education. a type of letting 
people know what goes on in the 
world," Phillips said. 

Amnesty International Trea-
surer Peter Sarmicani was also 
unsure if his organization would 
be denied funding because of the 
Smith ruling. " In our case. we're a 
human rights organization .... It's 
not really ideological. Human 

See SMITH, Page 3 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 4, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY-••• 

f., F£~9:l« 
$I()l\..O Sf; 

~fE F~ 
~DM~S 
IIIS\~ \\\'5 
~t-\ IWSE! 

IF r H~I> I 
R£Fl£)(£S L\~ 
'!CARS. l'1> aE 
GLAD R)R. 'W£ 
<If'I'OImIN I Ti 11:) 
IIoIPRo\'t nlQ.1 . 

NOSOD~ U~D£~DS 
A.RT. 

1l{AT W"S OIl'lI()Il,)l~ 5CIo\E 
s:R, '$ c'Cl!-\MUlT"'R'1 . 

-.. 

Mathis Apparent City Council Victor 
Hany Mathis, a partner In a public relations firm, is 

the apparent winner In the DIstrict 1 race for San 
Diego's city council, narrowly defeating UC Irvine 
Economics Professor Peter Navarro, Although absen-
tee ballots will not be counted until today, Mathis 
captured 51 percent of Tuesday's vote to Navarro's 49 
percent. 

As electIon returns came In throughout election 
night, Mathis, who also ran for city council in 1989, 
held a slim lead over Navarro. With all precincts 
reporting, Mathis edged Navarro by 747 votes. 

During the campaign, Mathis portrayed himself as 
a consensus-bullder, capitalizing on the endorsement 
of Mayor Susan Golding. Mathis painted Navarro as a 
candidate with no record to on which to run. 

Navarro, who lost to Golding in last year's mayoral 
race, hoped to capitalize on his economics back· 
ground to win support while criticizing Mathis' close 
ties to city hall politics. 

The two candidates received the most votes in the 
Sept. 21 primary election, setting up Tuesday's show-
down. 

The District 1 race was the closest city council 
contest of the night. Christine Kehoe and Barbara 
Warden were elected in District 3 and District 5 
respectively, and each candidate received 55 percent 
of the vote. 

According to the City Clerk's office, the absentee 
ballots will be tabulated by 5 p.m. today. 

Alumni AssocIation Sponsors 
Run to Raise Scholarship Money 

A 10K Race/5K Fun-Run to raise scholarship funds 
for UCSD students will be held on Saturday, Nov. 13 
at 8:30 a.m. The race, which will take place on 
campus, will coincide with the university's annual Jau 
Festival, beginning at noon in the Price Center. 

Proceeds from· Joggin' and Jammln' for UCSD," 

which is being organized by the Alumni Association, 
Campus Recreation and the Department of Student 
Affairs, will benefit the Alumni Association's scholar-
ship fund for undergraduate students. 

·'Joggin' and Jammin ' for UCSD' will be the start of 
a great tradition ' at UCSD,' said Vice Chancellor for 
Student Affairs Joseph Watson. "This race is a fun way 
for the community to come together and raise scholar· 
ship funds for UCSD students in need with exceptional 
academic ability. · 

The race will be run on a flat, fast course, event 
organizers said, with a start and finish at the Price 
Center. The event is open to the public, including 
students, staff, faculty, community members and 
local businesses. 

More than $3,000 in prizes, including two round-
trip tickets to any American Airlines destination, will be 
raffled off at a post-event party. In addition to being 
eligible for the various raffle prizes, race participants 
will receive a free t·shirt. 

Ysaye Quartet Performs at 
Mandeville on Saturday Night 

The Ysaye Quartet, the first French quartet ever to 
capture the Grand Prize at th~ Evian Festival , will 
perform this Saturday at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. The performance, featuring works by Haydn, 
Debussy and Mendelssohn, will open the 19th season 
of the UCSD Chamber Music Series. 

Ticket prices for the concert are $18 general 
admission and $10 for students. Tickets are ava ilable 
at the Price Center Box Office. 

Founded in 1984, the Ysaye Quartet consists of 
Christophe Giovaninettia, Luc·Marie Aguera , Miguel 
da Silva and Michel Poulet. . 

The group is named after Belgian violinist Eugene 
Ysaye, whom the quarter members credit for their 
perfomance style. 

MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
ELAINE CAMUSO. Associate News Editor 

DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

Spontl. Jason Thompson 

BRIAN K. HunO, Sports Editor 
BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS. News Editor 
ARON MIUER, Associate Sports Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 
JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 

DESIGNERS: Wilson Cheung. Brenna Latham, Marcus Lobbla 
PHOTOGRAPMIRS: Romeo Carambas. Timothy Chen . Jason Curran. Dan 
McDowell. Jason Ritchie. Oanny Rusplnl . Amy Zlot 
COPY READERS:Sarah Fernald, Aron Miller. Sara Rudolph . Jenny Wrenn 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT: Karen Cheng 
ADVERTtSING ASSISTANT: Tara Eoff 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANT: Hugh Perkin. Craig Stokle 7ht l.CSD c-r.wo ~ pubIIShe<I Mondays IIlO TlMndIjs IlItnIIIle academic jt-1iI' ani IOII1le $IlIden\S 

01 UCSO. ~ 0I1his _ lit any rom. w!'elIler III wItIIIe 011111*\. wIU10UI _ssiGn Is 
SIrIcIIy 1JIffited· C 1993. II 1If1IS..-. 7ht l.CSD ~ 15l1li onjlOI15tie b' IIle onrn of 
UfISGIICiIed ~ 01111. I1te _ expesseG 11\ &raPI*s 1W1115f'oed IetIen 01_ do 
OIl( ne<:esuty oament !he 0CIk*lns 0I1ht l.CSD Gu.w*\ IIle UIM!$IIy of ~ 01 !he As_ saaru. 7ht UCSOGowlb1Is fII1decl SOlely iii' -... roo IM' ....... "" I ""ad 
body? 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV. Associate Photo Editor 

BOB OeANOREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

BEN BOYCHUK, Ctassiried Representative 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

SHANNON BLEDSOE. Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER. Graphics Editor 

SIN lOR ITA" WIIITIltS: Ben Boychuk. Karen Chene. Francisco DeVries. 
Ben Freund, Jenny Galane. GaY" Johnson. Dan Krauss. Ken Perlman. 
David Snow, Care UdeU. Greu wrenn 
ITAFF WRITERS: Erin AndelllOn. Shannon Brady, Debra Bronstein, Melissa 
Jacobs, Erik Johnson, MuraU Moorthy. Jeff Pr8Uflht, Ely Rabanl, Rltu Saxena , 
Stephanie Simon 
ILLUSTRATORS: Mlehe Croft. Nathan Enln. Rocer Kuo, Dominic Lobbla. AI 

Edltoriat: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
ActuIIIOCIllon: Second Root. UCSD SI_nl Cent., Sui/Clona 'A' 

Thursday, November 4.1993 

A. S.: Council 
addresses funding 
options at meeting 
Continued from pace 1 

"If we just do option A. we' 11 
be very open [to litigation], I'm 
afraid of being sued ... • Lockwood 
said. "What it comes down to is. 
are you [giving a little money] toa 
minority or are you protecting the 
entire student body?" 

A.S. Vice President External 
Nick Endres criticized 
Lockwood's proposal. calling it a 
blow to student government, "[ 
think that Wally is really exagger-
ating our liability risk. This A.S. is 
about funding student organiza-
tions." Endres said. 

"We're turning our backs on ' 
student organizations if we vote 
for this proposal." he added. 

Amnesty International Trea-
surer Peter Sarmicani also criti-
cized the Lockwood option. "It 
would be very difficult for our 
organization if option C passed. If 
option C passed it would be very 

SMITH: Campus 
organizations remain 
unsure about future 
ContInued from page 2 
rights are a universal ideology that 
all of us share, that all the coun-
tries that have signed the United 
Nations document share." 
Sarmicani said. 

As a result of the coun's deci-
sion, some organizations may have 
to reorganize themselves. "I think 
we would just have to redefine our 
organization into two separate 
clubs. so that one can be in charge 
of the religious aspects and the 
other can just be a social, totally 
non-religious organization." said 
Marianne Mata, a student minister 
with Catholic Student Community. 
when asked how the Smith ruling 

The UCSD Guardian 

Student Organizations Funded by the A.S. 
Out of a total of 196 student organizations on campus. 91 receive funding 
from the A.S. Co-op and media organizations are not included: 

Educational 

Political 

Service 

Social 
SoUfce: A.S. External Office 

difficult for our organization to 
raise the kind of money that we 
need." Sannicani said. 

With little discussion, the coun-
cil rejected option B as a policy for 
Winter Quarter and moved on to 
discussing Lockwood's amended 
version, option C . 

might affect the way her organiza-
tion operates. 

The Smith ruling's biggest im-
pact could concern how it alters 
the focus of student organizations. 
"I don' t think in any way, shape or 
form. it will eliminate any organi-
zations. It may, for some reasoll. 
eliminate some of their funding, 
but it's nOl going toeliminate their 
ability to function," Barnes said. 

With the A.S. unable to allo-
cate as much funding as it has in 
the past. organizations would be 
forced to seek funding from Oul -
side sources. 

"We'd have to do a lot more 
fundraising to keep the level of 
events that we have. and just to 
pay for printing and postage for 
our weekly meetings," said 
Sarmicani. "I don 'tthink we could 
ever get as much money as we do 

'oWl lin 'obill funded 

34 20 

14 2 

• 1 

8 2 
.. 1:" ''{, 

14 8 

Reno! Bruckner/Guardian 

The A.S. voted to table any 
final decision until its next meet-
ing. However. a non-binding straw 
poll for Lockwood's amended pro-
posal was held. The proposal was 
supported by II members. with 10 
members rejecting the option. 
Threecouncil members abstained. 

now ,just because fundraisi ng takes 
a lot of time." 

Phi II ips agreed that fundraisi ng 
effort~ would cut into the more 
important activities and services 
that the WRC provides. " We' re 
not going to change our activism 
or the way we operate because of 
this ruling. It just means that our 
energy is going to be diverted tre-
mendously to getting money. when 
it should be towards education and 
doing programsandaclivism," she 
,aid . 

Israely estimates that the Smith 
ruling could cut the number of 
SANDPAC activities in half. "I 
think the will to have these kinds 
of organizations is strong enough 
that people will find a way to pro-
vide without it, but it's going to be 
a major setback. and it's going to 
be very difficult," she said. 

News Writers Meeting! 

EAT 
with us. Look for meel deals fIom our 

ecNertI ... In today', GuMlIWI. 

Tonight at 5 p.m. 
Guardian Office 

Come or you're dead! 

to learn how to do research without 
even leaving your room? 

l @g:nM~Ejo you have a hellish research paper to 
write? 

you like to earn 2 credits while 
getting professional guidance on 
research you're doing for other 
courses? 

CI-50 
it's back. 
ROGER, MELVYL. MAGS, NEWS, PSYC, 
INFOPATH, INTERNET, .mall ... What do these 
terms mean to you? CI-SO takes you through the 
maze of electronic information sources available 
at academic libraries (like yours at UCSO) and 
helps you learn to use them in your research. 
Look in the class schedule under Contemporary 
Issues for Winter Quarter, 1994 scheduling 
Information, or call Kari Lucas at 534-1209. 

EWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

ServIng the UCSO pre-medical community sInce 1986 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D,'s-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INIENSIVE MeAT prcparJlion & mcdical school applicmionl 

admissions assistancc are all wc do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent progr.lI11 laughl by UCSD·Ir.tined 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.·Ph.D. candidalcs, & English Dcpanmcnl 
faculty. 

• THE ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in·class instruclion & rcal MCAT 

testing, problcm solving. rcadinglwriling work,shops. review groups. 
med school applicalion & admissions strJlegics. & lUloring. 

• 2000 PAGF1) of original take-home revicw nOles. rcading & writing 
sludyguides. MCAT & admissions Slr.tlcgy handouls. problem ~cls. & 
MCAT·qualily timcd praclice exams. 

• REAL MeAT TESTING for in-class & lake-home praclice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT wilh young UCSD docs & mcd sludents. 
• TUTORING, pre-mcd librJry & mcd school applicalion help included. 
• LOWER TUITION than olher courses. 

APPLY NOW! 

"Come unlo me . .. 
sailh the Lord. 

JAT LSAT 
GMAT GRE 

est Preparation Courses 
Experienced Faculty 
lectu re Course 
In-Class Practice Exams 
Score in top 25% or take next 
course free 

'or • , ... DrOCftUN ~It: ., ,(2.,.57. 
or wn'e: Unl .. Bfty of len 01-.0 

r ............ _ eM ..... · Semo HIU311 
""'ele "'r1I. Sen OIe9o. CA ,a1 10 

456-5656 

'*"-. pod """ 4,4'9. c:: 
Electrolysis Treatments ~ 

(.....,..".,.,. ""ir removdll 
Using Disposable Needles 

9 yrs. experience 
California Registered Elcclrologist 

FREE C_hation 
Azit .. Amini 454-6044 
737 Pearl Street 

Suite '208-A 
La Jolla, Ca 

92037 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

.:RIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

PHILIP MICHAELS, News Editor 
BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 

The UCSO a.'fllion I. publl_ twl<e • week It the Universll)l 0( Colifomi • • Son OIe80. Conlen .. 
Cl993. Views fllPr.1Ied herein represent the majoril)l YOIe 01 the edltorill board. and Ife not 

necessarily those of the UC Board of Recents. the ASUCSO. nor tile entire Guardian staff. 

UCSD Gets the Short End 
Of the Research Stick 

The University of California's compensation policy for re-
search funding is bad, so bad that Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
threatened to resign during his state of the campus speech at last 
week's Academic Senate meeting. The trouble isn't that our 
researchers don't make the grade and can't eam enough money to 
support this university. Rather, it seems our research faculty are 
doing 100 well- money from research grants at UCSD is being 
funneled to other universities in the UC system. At the meeting, 
Atkinson said, "In my judgement, there is absolutely no rationale 
that this money not be returned. If this is to continue, this campus 
is being done an injustice." 

Atkinson has a point. Money covering research costs at UCSD 
should go to UCSD and not be distributed throughout the nine-
campus UC system. By not giving UCSD what it earns, the UC 
Office of the President is essentially robbing the campus of hard-
earned funding during a period of budget crisis. 

The money A tkinson referred to comes from overhead costs in 
federal research grants, which pay for extras such as research 
employees who are noton the UC payroll. As is stands, half of the 
money intended for overhead costs goes to the state, and half goes 
to the UC. Instead of giving UCSD its full share of the funding, 
however, the Office of the President returns only 78 percent. The 
extra goes to campuses such as UC Santa Cruz and Riverside, 
which get far more than 100 percent of their shares. 

This scheme makes little sense. Unlike the Santa Cruz and 
Riverside campuses, UCSD is basically a research institution 
with a school tacked on as an extra. There is no reason that UCSD 
should have to pay extra for the privilege of placing education on 
the backburner in favor of research. 

TV Violence, Reno's Idiocy 
Protected by Constitution 

It was a surreal scene two weeks ago as U.S, Attomey General 
Janet Reno testified before the Senate Commerce Committee 
hearing on television violence. There was Reno, the highest-
ranking l:I\v enforcement official in the land and one of the few 
Clinton cabinet members to perform her job adequately, telling 
[he assembled senators that the government could intervene 
unless the television networks started to clean up their act. "Too 
often America has become numb to violence [on TVI because it 
drowns in it, day in and day out," said Reno, adding that if 
"immediate further voluntary steps are not taken and deadlines 
set," she would help promote legislative action to regulate 
broadcasting content. 

Reno may have a point about the surplus of violence on TV; 
however, the views she expressed about the Constitution are 
absolutely appalling. "The regulation of violence Lon TV] is 
constitutionally permissible," Reno said, as the dimwitted sena-
tors nodded in unison. 

Where exactly in the Constitution does it say that such regu-
lation is permissible? Certainly not in the Bill of Rights or the 
First Amendment, which reads "Congress shall make no law ... 
abridging the freedom of speech." The amendment does 1101 go 
on to say "except when Beavis and Butt-head set a cat on fire" or 
"unless some nitwit teenagers try to emulate a scene from The 
Program by lying in the middle ofa highway." Let's hope Reno 
is more familiar with other areas of the Constitution - it would 
be a pity if the attorney general tried to argue that having trials 
without juries or quartering soldiers during times of peace were 
also a-okay, constitutionally speaking. 

Reno, Senator Paul Simon (D-IL) and all the other politicians 
who have made jackasses of themselves throughout this TV 
violence dog and pony show are forgetting something very 
important - individuals are perfectly capable of freeing them-
selves from the tyranny of TV violence without the benevolent 
help of congressional regulation. They can change the channel. 
They can watch something else. If people are disturbed by the 
antics of Beavis and Butt-head or appalled by David Caruso's 
bare behind on NYPD BIlle, they simply won't watch, no matter 
what constitutional stew Janet Reno and her pals in the Senate 
will cook up. It's called a free market, which, the last time we 
checked, was constitutionally permissible. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 4. 1993 

PINION 

AI Spong! Guardian 

FAREWElL UCSD: A 
RETROSPECT ON CAMPUS IJ-fE 

COMMENTARY: Reminiscing about past times and events at UCSD is half as 
enjoyable as looking fOlWard to leaving it 

It has been my pleasure, more calling someone a water buffalo ha~ OOCOl1lc! u capital 
or less, to observe and comment offense. 
on the campus scene for the last None of that exists here - yet. But as the old adage 
four years, but to be honest, I'm goes, you have to take the good with the bad. First. the bud. 
looking forward to leaving this Those wacky student rebels: The campus left hardly 
place for the proverbial greener deserves that negative label. As a movement, it is more 
pasture. I don't ex- -.~.!!IIII!1iIIII incompetent than it is dangerous. Andthafs 
pect a thing I have a shame because iftht!re is one thingevery 
written to be re- university needs, it is a vigorous rJdicul 

BEN memberedorappre- faction for people like me to continually BOY[HUK ~~a~~ ~~t:~~~e;~ moc~h~~~ ~:~~~'to say Ulat there haven't 
leave a mark on the been some bright moments. The Persian 
campus, orto make Gulf War provided some interesting fod-
achangeforthebet- 1he del' for about a week and a half. I still 

1 er, or to work for the benefit of the students C8lllPUS sometimes chuckle about one protest march. 
as the do-gooders and mob-masters try so Is, at best, just before the United States began bomb-
hard to do. I merely wrote for my own Iy hi of in'g Baghdad, in which everal hundred 
amusement, always with honesty, butnever on a va women chanted. ';Hell 110, we won't go," 
afraid to offend. scum and Of course not- women can 't be drafted. 

The final column is usually reserved for vllial 1h Unfortunately, the whole anti-war 
paning shots. For this, I holster my pistols ny... a movement blew up once midterms ap-
and wheel out the howitzer. local rabbi. proached. Of course, there were those true 

One of my conservative colleagues once rou .... what believers who camped out in front of 
described UCSD as "a wretched hive of --, Galbl"dith Hall for a quaner as a symbol of 
scum and villainy." Reflecting on my four- they appe_ protest, but like all such symbol s, theentire 
and-a-half years here, I would now have to at all, .. project descended into absurd theater after 
disagree. The campus is, at best, only a hive 10 minutes. 
of scum and villainy, hardly wretched in the widely dl. Of all the "awareness-rai~il1g" events 
sense that Berkeley, Santa Cruz or River- ml ..... as brought to thedisinlerested hordesover the 
side exude wretchedness. The ghost chas- years, one stands out as an exceptionul 
ers do not make policy here, except perhaps cranks and e~ample of why campus activism is. was, 
in certain departments, and then it is well- freaks. In and always will be an incredible faJ'Cj! ; the 
comained. The local rabble-rousers, when battle against higher fees. 
they appear at all, are widely dismissed as short, there That was way back in the spling of 
cranks and freaks. In short, there is a greater Is a greater 1992, when, for a while at least, it looked 
sense of sanity here - often dull, but still like the kids had really resurrected the 
distinguishable as a university. sense of spirit of 1969. There were sit-ins almost 

UCSD lacks the college atmosphere of sanity here _ every other day. Those were the good old 
a Harvard or even a San Diego State. But if days, when Direct Action for Education 
I tiad to do it all over again, I wouldn't orten dull, but was still togetherandrJi si ngu major ruckus 
change a thing. I wouldn't want to go to stili dlstl... about dr<lconian fee hikes. 
Berkeley, that booby-halch disguised as an I At the heart of the controversy was the 
institution of higher learning, where every gu shabIe - prote ters' demand for $10,000 from tl~ 
crackpot is a king; or Antioch College, a university. administr,ltion for a road trip to Sacnl-
where one must now retain the services of mento where they could do some serious 
an attorney before putting an ann around a date: or any marching. Director of Special Services Nick Aguil:lr. 
college in Pennsylvania. where burning campus publica- speaking for Chancellor Atkinson, tried to reason with Ih~ 
tions is now considered a celebration of free speech and See BOYCHUK, Page 6 

Thursday, Noyember 4,1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: The 30-year war between Irish Nationalists and Great Britain over the fate of Northern Ireland has escaped 
major press coverage this year. Yet the conflict is as bloody as ever as citizens from both sides are caught in the middle 

ANDREW 

JlEYJ10LDS 
WORLD 

VIEW 

Although 11 IS 
easy to forget, over 
the last thirty years 
there has been a war 
in a small comer of 
my homeland, the 
United Kingdom. 
War has ravaged the 
everyday lives of 
families there, much 
as it has in all the 

'newswort~y' ethnic 
conflicts in Bosnia 
and Lebanon. Last 
week the Irish Re-
publican Army 
(IRA) planted a 

bomb in a Fish & Chips shop in the Protestant 
Shankill Road area, killing ten and wounding 
over 50 innocent civilians. This was just the 
latest in a long line of terrorist killings perpe-
trated not only by republican groups but, to a 
lesser extent, by Protestant loyalist groups. 

Conflict in Northern Ireland has been with 
us for many hundreds of years, but in recent 
times, from 1969 to the present, it has cost the 
lives of 3,000 men, women and children and 
the sanity of hundreds of thousands of fami-
lies. 

A little modem history is needed to set the 
scene. After centuries of British rule in Ire-
land, the Irish Nationalist leader Charles 
Parnell was elected to the British Parliament 
at Westmi!lster in 1875. Over the next fifty 
years there were many false dawns for the 
Irish as Prime Minister after Prime Minister 

was distracted from finding 
a solution to the 'Irish ques-
tion,' first by domestic up-
heaval in the time of Will-
iam Gladstone and then by 
World War I which broke 
out just as David L1oyd-
George was about to enact 
'home rule' for Ireland. 

Nevertheless, after many 
missed opportunities, the 
Irish Free State was created in 1921. How-
ever, there was vitriolic opposition from the 
Protestants who remained loyal to Ihe British 
crown and greatly feared living under 'papal 
dominance' in n Catholic country. 

Therefore. six Jlllrt hern counties were hived 
off the new [r i ~ : l '~I:public's territory to re-
main as part or ' I ". K. The newly-contrived 
province, calb l ~{ l1I't hern Ireland, or Ulster, 
encapsulated nearly al l of the Irish Protestants 
and provided them with a two-thirds to one-
third majority over the Catholics - an ar-
rangement which preserved that ethnic group's 
economic and bureaucratic dominance. 

The province was to 'temporarily' remain 
part of the United Kingdom until a plan ac-
ceptable to the loyalists in the North could be 
divised for integration. But the temporary 
specter of Northern Ireland is still with us 
nearly seventy years after its creation, and we 
are left to wonder how many Ii ves could have 
been saved had a British Prime Minister, atthe 
tum of the century, seized the nettle and 
granted full Irish independence when he had 
the chance? 

Today, the guerrilla war 
in Ireland has created misery 
for many, by entrenching re-
ligiously based tribal divi -
sions that have spiraled out 
of control and degenerated 
into mindless 'tit fortat' kill-
ings. The ethnic hostility in 
Northern Ireland is so pro-
nounced that when I last vis-
ited Belfast (the province's 

capita\) I was unable to get out ofthe car I was 
traveling in for fear that my English accent 
might have placed me in danger. I was being 
driven down the Falls Road, which is the 
heartland of Catholic West Belfast and the de 
facto headquarters of the IRA. 

Over the years, the mentality and actions-
of the IRA have fallen to such a level that it is 
difficult for any right-minded person to feel 
sympathy for their credo. At the start of this 
century their membership consisted of brave 
and patriotic men and women who - facing 
huge odds - were driven into fighting a war 
of independence against a foreign occupying 
power. 

However, in its new 'provisional' form, 
the IRA has become the Mafiosi of Ireland 
with its protection rackets, seemingly indis-
criminate killings and refusal to understand 
that the murder of innocent fellow 
countrypeople is not the way to liberate a 
nation. 

Perhaps its moral decline is best exempli-
fied by their actions as 'vigilantes' in the 
Catholic community where IRA agents do 

:\Iedicine is an Awesome, Exciting Ficld 
with an Incredihle Future - in hoth 
Career and Thenlpeutk ttrms. 

\IC'''\T Fortis and Commitmt'nt 

-We'n' Hl're for You 

horrific violence to anyone believed to have 
been engaged in the crime of collaboration 
with the 'enemy.' The practice of 'knee-cap-
ping' or 'elbow-capping' is commonplace -
the accused are shot through the joints of their 
legs or arms to cri pple them for life. 

The sad fact is that much of the IRA's 
funding, which allows them to continue these 
activities, comes from Nonhern Ireland Aid 
(NORAID) in the United States. SI. Patrick's 
Day parades throughout America form the 
bases for NORAlD fundrai si ng. and I often 
wonder if the American citizens who contrib-
ute to the coffers rea lize what their money 
helps to support. 

However. to understand the ~pi I'al of I'io-
lence in Northern Ireland owrthe 13\t tllellly-
five years we mu~ t al 'o und~r\tand Ihe II J)' 1Jl 
which the British gOl'ernmelll has abu,ecl the 
basic civil rights of many Catholics. III 1972 
the British Army killed 13 Catholics in a civil 
rights demon tration in Londonderry. the sec-
ond largest Northern Irish city. This infamous 
event has gone down in Iri sh folk lore as 
"Sunday Bloody Sunday." Since that inci-
dent, the army and security services have 
continued to abuse their power - further 
stl"dining the tense relationships in the prov-
ince. 

For most of the I 970s, there wns a policy 
of 'internment' - detention without trial-
for suspected terrorists. The army has contin-
ued to use plastic bullets on unarmed crowds. 
despite proof thai a number of chi Idren have 
been killed by such bullets. Public strip 

See REYNOLDS, Page7 

* If you are going to be a pan of it, iet serious about your approach. 
For many students, a superior MCAT score is the only thing 
standing between them and a spot at one of our nation's 

Focus_ Hyperteaming has been prepping MCAT-bound pre-meds for 
four years now, and doing pre-med science assistance programs for 

six. So far, we have focused on one test only for preprofessional 
126 allopathic medical schoots. 

* Carefully jnvestjiate the various prep programs. 
If you choose an intensi ve course, be sure you know 
exactly what it offers. What will you be spending 
your money and time doing? And remember, 

PBOF'StiIONAL students-tbe MCAT. As a reSUlt, we believe we offer the _ " tl ~ commercially available MCAT prep program in the 
country, but we are far from finished with it 

ads can manipulate you, but students won't. 
* Ask your friends . What course did you take? 

Commitment. We have a commitment to 
continually upgrade our program-based on 

both research and student feedback. Our course 
changes each administration-not every few years. 

We already offer more pages of high-quality all:l.a.kl:: What were its benefits and drawbacks? 
Upperclassmen/women will give it to you straight. 

* You need a program that ~ and challenies you, PREP COUR(iE'" ~ (and wit~ pdnted solUlions for quick review) p~ssages tl and revIew matenals than any other course. More meeunl:S 
that sbarpens yoy for this grueling, highly competitive, 
and sometimes even arbitrary test. Such a program exists. 
Get in on it. 

~--------------------, Is FALL: 
Action Thrtft Store SAL E ! ! : 

(The Largest thrift Store In San OieQo) I' 
• Clothing SAT .• NOV. 6, 10AM-8 PM I 
• Top ~ SUN., NOV. 7, 10 AM TO 6 PM 
• Fumlture 5001 I 
• Mlaoellaneou. 10 I 

I 
I Off all used items in store! 

252SC ......... tDrlv. 300/0 : 
1-5 II CIIIrIIIDId Dr.. .... Off new items in store! I 

Ira. ..... VIIIIIn ... Center Not valid wi1Il any other oflels. Must present coupon I fiiIiIiiiJ _ O1Ilygooctlor_OI"Ie-"n. 
l'B' ...... 1M .J L_______ -----------

(in shorter more efficient blocks>, more hours. and ~ 
instruclors who can teach bolh concepls and lest-tukin& skills. 

Ptease call us anytime to discuss your courses or the MCA T prepara-
tion process. We have aoswers for you=Qyr first line or support is not 
ao aoswedni service, a receptjonist. or any other unjnfo[med soy[ce. 
We have close convenjeD) and pe[sonal (24 students> classrooms ri~ht 
next to campys. Give us a call to find out what we can do for you. 
Student se[vice- i.e .. helping you get there-is what we're all about 
It's what we do, and we won't forget it, 

Just At-e It_ 

_IIi1tllllll1 
SUSHI & DAILY SPE CIALS 

JaCllne.e • Food "Best Teriyaki in Town" 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 JAPANESE RESTAURANT 
7728 Regents Rd. (VOIfS Shopping Cellter) 
TaltaClllCMi1.bl.. W.oItooll.rcaloring ,..; ..... 452-4255 
HOt.IS: 11 :30 -' t-1M-.. ThonJ. 11 :30 _10 t-Ifr. & SaI.L 5-9 fIR' ~ 

L ____________________ ~ 

WHlf.FimI C.llfoml. Piu. 
S"a,Jtr 1iuu, lui .. , S.1.u 

DINNER for 
2/$11~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Each _ h.u cI""cc ol on<: piua or I'O'U or I.U1I< I 
""dilty"lad.l coupon II<r coupl •. ExpircsllfllM. 

: COSTA VERDE CENTER 
: 8650 Genesee (across from UTe) 
- 458-9525 
: Pr. LOMA Waterfront Dining 
:-5120 North Haroor Or. lb1ocbJOO,h oIliWmIl< 
- 226-0268 

Open 7 days • Lunch & Dinner 

THE ACTORS 
SOLUTION! 

A Practical Guide 
to Becoming an 

Actor in New York 
Acting programs. agents. 

apanlllCnlS and much more. 
Featuring inlcrviews with actors 

who have been tllen: and the 
roads lhey have IlIken. 

We Want to Hear From You! 
Include your queslion with order. 

Send $6.95. plus $1.00 SIH to. 
ACfORS SOLUTION 

J81 8th Avenue, Suite #17-D 
New York, N.Y. 10011 



6 OPINION 

BOYCHUK: 
Student protesting 
was but one good 
memory 
ContInued from Pac. 4 
mob, suggesting !hat students would 
become "lackeys" of the administra-
tion if they took the money. The stu-
dents lhen suggested that Aguilar go 
to hell. 

What followed was to be expected. 
The true believers took over a confer-
ence room in the chancellor's com-
plex. Offices were blocked, Vice 
Chancellor Joe Watson scuffled with 
a student. The beat of bongos echoed 
across the campus. A woman in a 
lime·green pantsuit screeched loudly 
into a bullhorn. 'The university is 
milkin' us like abunchofcows,"cried 
then-bachelor Patrick Carroll, to a 
chorusoflaughler.1be cops shrugged 
their shoulders and dmnk coffee. A 
squirrel scurried up a tree. 

But the whole gaudy display was 
summed up by the impassioned ap-
peal of one particularly eloquent 
aposlleofstudentempowennent, who 
proclaimed, "All we want is your re-
spect-and money." 

The struggle all but fizzled out 
over Spring Break, when the big pra-
test in Sacramento flopped. Forty 
people showed up, including a dozen 
or so curious elementary school chil-
dren. The screeching woman in the 
lime·green pantsuit graduated. The 
bongo players went back to the hump. 
Pat Carroll became president of the 
Graduare Student Association, then 
got married. The squirrel scurried in 
front of a moving truck. 

That loony student government: 
With the possible exception of the 
DepartmentofCommunications. there 

is nothing so completely worthlesson 
lhiscampusorany other as the student 
government. The Associated Stu-
dents' Council canries out three prin-
ciple tasks: doling out money, rewrit-
ing bylaws. and deliberating propos-
als that will never be implemented. 

Student government is supposed 
to give the students a voice. This is 
foolish. What can a student govern-
ment official say to a university bu-
reaucrat that the average student can't 
say as well or beller himself? What 
can a student government official do 
about skyrocketing fees?Orlong lines 
at the central cashier's office? Or the 
lousy pruting on campus? 

Even the power to dole out funds 
has been severely cwtailed over just 
the last three years. Some students 
may remember TGs - the popular 
Friday concerts with free beer. paid 
for with student activity fees. The 
administration, at the urging of Joe 
Watson,bureaucratizedtheeventsout 
of existence. 

Costs have gone up, but the stu-
dent activity fee has remained con-
stant. Consequently, the services stu-
dent government is able to provide 
have necessarily diminished. Re· 
cently, the courts ruled that student 
fees cannot be used to fund political 
organizations. It seems the only thing 
left for the A.S. to do, then, is rewrite 
bylaws and deliberate idiotic propos-
als. 

The student government official 
comes in two fonns: the do-gooder 
and the resume-padder. After four 
years of interviewing and assessing 
student candidates, a rather two-di-
mensional pattern emerges. There is 
always the desire to "get involved," to 
"make UCSD bener," to raise aware-
ness about some impending crisi s. 
and to "increase communication" h,'-

./ 008-Year Term: July 1, 1994-June 30, 1995 

The UCSD Guardian 

tween students, faculty and adminis-
tration. Often, veteran A.S. members 
seeking reelection speak of "unify-
ing" the council. 

Hearing the same platitudes and 
promises every year tends to wear on 
a man. Lately, I begin to wonder if I 
was not the victim of an elaborate put-
on. 

I have seen few results in this 
su~effontomakethecampusa 
better place, and, as far as I know, 
communication between students, fac-
Ulty and the administration is the same 
as it ever was. In fact, every "commu-
nication" I ever had with a faculty 
member or administrator was the re-
sult of picking up the phone, or walk-
ing into a particular office on campus. 
Student govenunent's role inthatcorn-
munication was, to my knowledge. 
nonexistent. 

If the oppressors in theadministra-
tion ever decided to "disestablish" the 
Associated Students like it did with 
the pesky University Center Board 
last year, I suspect the great majority 
of students would hardly bat an eye-
lash. Only five percent of the student 
body bothered to vote in student elec-
tions last year. The other 95 percent 
apparently had to wash their hair that 
day. 

Naturally, the current officers 
would denounce the act as a shocking 
and reprehensible attack on student 
rights. Someone would no doubt file a 
class-action lawsuit, and Peter Irons 
would offer his assistance. The Guard-
ian might even publish an editorial. 

I suppose losing the A.S. would be 
a shame. Even future bureaucrats and 
opportunists need to acquire experi-
ence somewhere. 

Those Iimorousadmlnlstrators: 
I never got instructions from Joe 
Watson about how to handle the co-

./ Excellent opportunity to represent University of California Students 

./ Fees and Tuition Waived for Second Term 

.I Lodging and Travel Expenses are paid for Regents and Committee Meetings 

.I The Only Student Perspective on the Board of Regents 
I Candidates must be currently enrolled and in good standing. I 

APPLICATIONS are available at the following locations: 
Associated Student Offices, 31d floor, Price Center 

Student Information, Price Center (EDNA) 

School of MediCine, Student Affairs Office 

Applications are due 
no later than 5 pm tomorrow, 
Friday, November 5, 
in the Chancellor'S Office 

op controversy. I never received a 
case of Scotch from Assistant Vice 
Chancellor Tommy Tucker for writ-
ing nice things about the Recreationl 
IntramuraUAthletic and Event Cen-
ter, better known as RIMAC. For that 
mauer, I never sipped tea with Chan-
cellor Atkinson in his study - hell. 
I've never even met him. 

But I always enjoy telling people 
that I have. 

Administrators are, at the very 
least, a necessary evil. Someone has 
to write the checks, pay the phone bill, 
and make sure the kids don't climb on 
the fumiture, so to speak.. But admin-
istrators. by their very nature, are bu-
reaucrats, and therefore cannot be 
trusted. 

The bureaucrat is typically a cow-
anIlyfellow. He may have l>eena man 
of powerful intellectual faculties, but 
years as a slave to the system has 
extinguished his fire. His sole form of 
amusement in Ihe workplace is devis-
ing ways of skirting regulations, fol-
lowed by devising new regulations to 
prevent skirting the old ones. 

Chancellors are a different breed 
ofbureaucrat.1be mbble-rousers mis-
takenly believe that the chancellor is 
supposed to tum back their beds for 
them at nighl. That may have been so 
ageneration ago, when in loco parelltis 
was the norm, but not anymore. To-
day, the chancellor is a fund-raiser 
with a Ph.D. Students are the last 
thing on his mind, especially when 
there is grant money to be won. Be-
sides, taking care of students is what 
Watson is for. 

Watson is the man responsible tor 
giving UCSD its much-loathed alco-
hol policy. But he hasn' t been quite 
the same since he put a headlock on 
visiting graduate student and rabble-
rouser Daniel Finkenthal during the 

Thursday, Novemhtl,· ,l. 199:~ 

fee protests last year. Since that time 
he's been moody, distant. At Attor-
ney General Janet Reno's visit last 
month, Watson was just staring 
blankly out at the crowd. I don' t know 
what is troubling the vice chancellor. 
but I hope he gets O\'er it. It 's b'lo for 
tbe sake of appear:lnct!~. 

That having been said, it is only 
fair to mention some good aspects 
about the campus. Many of the pro-
fessors actually seem to care about 
teaching. The Political Science De-
partment is fi rst rate . There are innu-
merable independent research oppor-
tunities available to any student with 
the time and inclination. The Genenll 
Store Co-op sells an assortment of 
Snapple iced-teas. though not as 
cheaply as it used to. The weather is 
quite lovely. And. of course, Porter's 
Pub serves Karl Strauss' Amber lu-
ger. 

There. I said it. 

We at the 
opinion section 

hate to see su ch an 
excellent writer 
leave 01U' staff. 

But you can start 
leaving a legacy 

of your own by 
writing for the 

Guardian. 
Contact the opinion 

editor at the GlIardial/ at 
534-6582. Or come by our 
office located 011 the second 

floor ar the Old Student 
Center. 

Plenty of books to 
choose from· and there 

is no limit! Just 
pay the entrance 

fee, and walk 
out with as 

many books as 
you can carry. 

$6.00 an armful 
November 4th 9am-4prn 
November 5th 1 Oam-l pm 

*Selected titles only. 
Sale located in front of Bookstore. 
Sale books are non returnable 
Textbook Department 534-4557 

Thunday, November 4,1993 

REYNOLDS: 
Police brutality and 
state suppression of 
Irish Nationalists 

Continued from pace 5 
searches of women have also been 
common practice - undertaken al-
most at the whim of the security 
officer involved. 

Finally, the British government 
continues to systematically harass 
Catholics in the North, and bans 
members of Sinn Fein, the political 
wing of the IRA, from speaking on 
telcvision. 

Actions such as these have 
greatly exacerbated the tensions and 
have created a terrorist breeding 
ground among the unemployed, re- . 
sentful and alienated Irish youths 
who have only known British domi-
nation of their community. 

Despite all of these problems, 
there does now seem to be a glim-

mer of hope, An embryonic peace 
plan has been put together by the 
modenlte Catholic Social and Demo-
cratic Party (SDLP) and Sinn Fein. 
If successful, this would restart ne-
gotiations between the IRA and "ll' 
British government which endeJ ill 
the I 970s. It is hoped that such ne-
gotiations might lead to an IRA 
cease-fire and eventual withdrawal 
of the British Anny from Northern 
Ireland. 

Although huge obstacles created 
mainly by the loyalist Protestants 
block the progress ofthe plan, it has 
nevertheless received strong encour-
agement from both the British and 
Irish governments. Negotiation is 
the only alternative to the death, 
hatred and destruction which have 
been the plague of North em Ireland. 
Decent-minded people on both sides 
of the religious and ethnic divide 
must make this peace plan work, for 
it is the only way to defeat those 
whom the Irish call 'men of vio-
lence.' 

The UCSD Guardian 

If no one sees or 
notices this section, 
why are you reading 
it at this moment? 

Advertise 
• m 

the 
Guardian 

FROM FRANCE • GRAND PRIZE WINNERS-EVIAN FESTIVAL 

presented by 
UCSD 
UNIVERSITY 
EVENTS 
OFfiCE 

November 6 
Saturday • 8pm 
Mandeville Aud. 

UCSD Box Office 
534-6467 

UCSD Students Only $5at-the-door 
Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1"969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
.(General or Loeal Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance, Health Plans 

Medi-Cal Accepted 
Visa, Matter card, DilCOYer 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VtEJO 
26400 La Alamedil 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 B,rch St 
(714) 851-1201 

tiil:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

OPINJON 7 

NOW FEATURING MERCHANDISE IN: 

• T-SHIRTS 
• WATCHES 
• PLUSH 
• BOXERS 
• & much more! 

University 
Towne Centre 

457·9798 

We Ire KIlOll'll tbe World 
O,'er ... and [;jVDER! 

4130 La Jalla Village Drive (next to Anthony's) 
452-0524 [formerly Penguin's) 

-------~-,----------I Medium Frozen I FLURRY I 
I YOGURT I I 
I I I 
I Reg. I Reg. I 
I $1,80 I $2.50 I 
I Soft seNe only. Toppings extre. I Student 10 reqUIred. Not valid WIth any I I Not valid with any other offer. One per I other offer. One per person. I 

parson. Expires 11/30/93. .J Expires 11/30/93. 
L_________ _ _________ ~ 

Considering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't you 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tt:ll1 it in. And since you'U probably be working on it Wltil 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never tum in. 

La )olla 
8849 Villa L:t Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-]775 
Pacific Beach 

t834 Garnet Avenue 
483-1852 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

are feeling strapped. But in good times and 
bad, an artist still has to make art. The muse 
won't quit. And the itch just doesn't go away. 

So if you need help with art supplies, you don't have to go to a 
parent or a friend . We'll give you a hand. 

For the next few weeks, everything you need for everything you 
make is on sale at THE ART STORE. Paint. 
Brushes. Canvas. Board. Clay. Pads. Pencils. 

We 're offering all art supplies at the 
lowest prices that still enable us to survive as a profit making 

business. 
And you don't have to say thanks. We're 

in this together - remember? The art part. 
And the damn recession. 

P.S. When you think you're ready for a show -
show us your work. You know we have galleries, 
don't you? 

SAN DIEGO 
939A 16th STREET. (619)233-9544 
Mon.-Fri. 9 to 7. Sot. 9:30 to 5:30. Sun. 11 to 5. 

Costa o/ertfe mentis 
: $3900 

EXAM, 
CLEANING Be 

.. / X-RAYS (bHewlng) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
• We're open evenings and weekend ! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and genlle care in a beautifu l private office! 
• Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 

.. • 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

La Jolla '111110 

CALL US FOR 
.. AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_or. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance plans and major c redit cords 

one-of-a-kind 
designer 

leather 
vintage 

jeans 

fj1h i 
_I 
Store 

ON .... WAY 
TO YOUIt AD 

f I 
r 

THE ARMY CAN 
HELP YOU GET 

A $30,000 EDGE 
ON COLLEGE. 
The Anny can help you get 

an edge on life and earn up (0 
$30,000 for college through the 
Montgomery GI Bill Plus the 
Anny College Fund. 

Here 's how it works. You con· 
tribute $100 a month for the tmst 
year from your Si5:>-plus monthly 
starting salary. The government 
then contributes its share, $13.200 
from the Montgomery GI Bill 
plus $15,600 from the Anny Col-
lege Fund for a four·year 
enlistment 

Army opportunities get bener 
every day. If you QUalify. you 
could train in ooe of over 250 
challenging and rewuding high· 
tech skills in fields like avionics 
and electronics. satellites and 
microwave communications. 
computer and radar operations-
just to name a few. 

It makes sense to earn while 
you learn. For more information 
about getting money for coDege. 
caD your Anny Recruiter today. 

(619)569-7878 
ARMY. 

BE ALL lOU CAM 8E: 

CAMPUS REP 
WANTED 
~ The natlon's leader In college markeUng 
f Is seeking an energetiC, entrepreneurial ~" *: student lor the position 01 campus rep 
}; No sales Involved. Place adVertising on 
,; bulletin boards lor companies such as 
it American Express and Mlcrosol t 

Great part·~me )00 earnings. Choose 
your own hours; 4·8 hours per week 
required . Call: 

Campus Rep Program 
American Passage Media Corp. 

215 W. Harrison. Sealtle. WA 98119 
• DO 4IH434 ElL 4444 

POLICY: 
Professors praise 
Atkinson's stand 
Continued from pale 1 
Office of the President does not 
plan to review the policy at this 
time. 

According to Sallman, former 
vice chancellor of Academic Af-
fairs and provost of Revelle Col-
lege, the uneven distribution of 
research funds has existed for 
many years. 

"The science community will 
rally behind Dick Atkinson," said 
Saltman. Nobody wants to see the 
chancellor resign, he added, but 
most are pleased that he is speak-
ing up to let the university know 
that, "we want this nonsense to 
stop ." 

Associate Professor of Chem-
istry John Simon expressed a simi-
lar sentiment. "We raised the 
money here," he said. "It would be 
nice if it were spent here." 

Simon said he felt that most 
scientists at UCSD would support 
Atkinson on this particular issue, 
especially now that funding is tight. 

"The system isn' t rich now," he 
said. "The question is, should you 
penalize the people who come up 
with most of the money?" 

"This is a very strong research 
campus and I think it's a big dis-
crepancy," said Chemistry Pro-
fessor Susan Taylor. "It 's always 
been inappropriate, but now that 
resources are critical , it's even 
more so." 

ThursdllY. NOY{,IIlLf'r 4 , 1993 

Simon compared the inequi-
table reimbursement policy to 
"taking from the rich and givi ng to 
the poor." 

"We're very heavily subs idiz-
ing the smaller campuses and it's 
hurting us," sa id Phys ics Depart-
ment Chai r Roger Dashen. Since 
ottier research-heavy campuse. , 
such H. Berkeley and Los Ange-
les, are not paying the same price, 
this is "somewhat unfair: ' he 
added. 

Dashen said that Ihe . upport 
money per fac ulty member in 
UCSD 's physics department was 
the lowest in the UC system. 

"It 's symptomatic of the whole 
problem," he said. "We' re pUlling 
in more and getting less." 

Physics Professor Ivan Schuller 
agreed, saying, "[UCSDl is up 
there UI the lOp and there's no 
reason we should be penalized." 

Schullersaid there was no doubt 
in his mind that the low return on 
research money raised by the cam-
pus affects Ihe quality of research 
at UCSD. His own research has 
suffered because he does not have 
the funds to install an expensive 
piece of equipment that was do-
nated to his laboratory. 

However, Schu ller said, this is-
sue not only atlecb the quality of 
research at UCSD, but also the 
quality of the entire campus. in-
cluding the library system and 
other important facilities. 

"We're here like bureaucrats 
trying to raise money when we 
should be doing research or teach-
ing students," Schuller sa id. 

News Writers' Meeting: Tonight at 5 p.m. 

C S 0 

bike 
s H o p 

BIKE 
every '93 

Raleigh c-50' reg. $339.95, $254.95 
'94 Raleigh M-20Mountain bike $199.95 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 

Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday • 5344279 

Full Service Shop Student Center 

T 

Get any 

2 i,em 
combo plale 

for 
the price of 

1 Item . 
R e n a 

s t ! 

.... show UCSO 10. Exp. 11130193 

Tell yourfriellds! No coupon needed. 
Down the hill from 
UTe .. . near Rubio's 535 1668 
8935 Towne Centre Drive • 
Ilance Center 

Thurllday, November 4, 1993 The UCSD Guarclian S PORTS ~ 

KEN 

PEHLMRN 
The Straw 
That Broke 
His Back 

Los Angeles Dodger 
outfielder Darryl Strawberry 
has never been a very popular 
fellow. After being ousted 
from New York, Strawberry 
came to the Blue Crew in 

Tritons Overthrow Regals, 1-0 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: 's last-minute score beats Cal Lutheran, sends UCSD to re . 

1991, but he only put up decent 
nu mbers at best in his first 
season. His perfonnance was 
viewed as less than respectable 
from the mineral-water 
drinking, fifth-inning-Ieaving, 
no-sock wearing fans of L.A., 
especially in the wake of 
signing a multi-million dollar 
contract. 

Darryl has also had his 
share of problems off the field. 
A bad rap? Maybe. But let's 
face it, this guy hasn't exactly 
been the poster boy for the 
"Born Again Christian" 
movement. 

Darryl's most recent 
blunder came in a conference 
call interview, in which he told 
the media that he intends to 
move to Arizona next season. 
Darryl was apparently enam-
ored with the bright lights and 
fast-lane lifestyle of Arizona. 
He spent last season there 
playing in an Instructional 
League to rehabilitate his back 
after a 1992 surgery that forced 
him to miss the entire season. 

"Let L.A. bum," the 
outfielder told reporters. "I 
don't live there anymore," The 
comment was not met with 
enthusiasm by those in the Los 
Angeles area in the wake of the 
recent devastating fires. 

Strawberry apologized for 
the comment after he was 
infonned of the severity of the 
situation. 

The remark is just one in a 
series of Darryl Strawberry 
faux-pas. He has undergone 
serious public scrutiny during 
the past year for incidents that 
have included failure to show 
up for back rehabilillltion 
workouts, a fist fight with a 
homeless man and accusations 
that he beat up his girlfriend. 

What is perhaps even more 
appalling than Strawberry's 
asinine statement is the 
Dodger organization's failure 
to respond to it. As of last 
night, the organization had 
made no public comment. 

As one of the upper-echelon 
clubs in baseball, the Dodgers 
have always managed to rise 
above the political muck of the 

See DARRYL, Page 12 

ByG,egWrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

Minnesota may not be the ideal 
November vacation getaway, but the 
UCSD women's soccer team is in a 

hurry to get 
there. By vir-
tue of Carin 
Pugh 's goal 
with I :18 to 
play, the Tri-
tons defeated 
arch-rival Cal 
Luthemn, 1-
0, for their 
most dra-
matic of 
many last-
minute victo-
ries this year. 

By taking care of the Regals, UCSD 
won the right to travel to Minnesota 
for the regional finals and a shot at 
host Gustavus Adolphus on Satur-
day. 

The Tritons, who departed at 7:30 
this morning for the great midwest, 
have been a recurrent nightmare for 
Cal Lutheran. This is the third year in 
a row the Tritons have ended the 
Regals' season, after defeating them 
in regional finals in '91 and '92. 

Cal Lutheran came into the game 
with a 14-4 record, largely because 
of the feet of high-scoring senior 
fOlWardRachelWackennan, who had 
46 points entering Wednesday's 
showdown and ranks third on the 
Division ill all-time career list with 
106 goals. 

'The Regals are infamous for thei r 
physical play. As a result, the Tritons 
came out from the opening klckoff 
detennined to hit back. 

UCSD had plenty of scoring 
chances from the beginning of the 
game. With less than five minutes 
gone, Michelle Carbone took the first 
ofthe Tritons' 10 comer kicks. The 
ball bounced off Regal goalkeeper 
Amy Wall and found its way out to 
UCSO's Carrie Peer, who fired a 
shot from the right side. 

Carbone nailed another comer 
kick later in the first half, this one 
from the right side. Ele Johnson got 
her head on the ball, sending it nearly 
straight up. Walz misplayed the ball, 
letting it fall through her hands, but 
a Regal defender knocked the loose 
ball out of the box. 

Despitethe opportunities,the play 
that really set the tone for the game 
came from defense. Wackerman got 
tangled up with two Tritons near the 
top ofUCSD's penalty box, The ball 
squirted out and Wackennan sud-

THE WEEK AHEAD 

""Iloocer: 
Sat., Nov. 6, NCAA Division III Westem Regionals vs. 

Gustavus Adolphus (MN) at North Field, 1. p.m. 
Sun., Nov. 7, NCAA Division III Western Reglonals 

W ...... '.loaa.r: 
Sat., Nov. 6, NCAA Division III Western Regionals 

at Gustavus Adolphus (MN), 11 a.m. 
V~I: 

Fri., Nov. 5 vs. Chapman University at Main Gym. 7 p.m. 

Dan McDoweli/Guard,an 
Amanda Johnson (rlctrt) delivered the ,alTle-wlnnlng assist that eliminated Cal lutheran, 1~, yesterday. 
denly found herself facing a one-on-
one with Triton keeperCari Schwartz. 
Heather Sears came t1ying in from 
Wackerman's left, t1attening the Re-
gal star and the scoring opportunity. 
Any doubts about UCSO's enthusi-
asm for physical play were emsed 
immediately. 

NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S 
SOCCER REGIONAL PLAYOFFS 

Despite Sears' play, Cal Lutheran 
had finally warmed up and started to 
even the game out during the final 20 
minutes of the half. 

UCSD va. GUSTAVUS ADOLPHUS 
SATURDAY, NOV. 6, 1 p.m. 

At least the Regals took the lead 
in yellow cards. Both Jill Gallegos 
and Amy Ward received warnings 
before intermission; Gallegos for 

NORTH CAMPUS RECREATION FIELD 
TICKETS: STUDENTS $2 GENERAL 

ADMISSION $4 CHILDREN $1 
See W. SOCCER, Page 12 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 

He was watching Sunday's Cowboys-Eagles football game, 
then went to take a shower. She came home and tumed on 
the news. When he returned, he switched the game back on. 

But Marlene L..enick was sick of watchil'lS football. She went to 
the den, got a .38caliber h~un and shot her husbard, Michael, 
twice, police said. Both had been dri~ 

Mrs. Lenick was charged with aggravated battery and 
released on $50,000 bond. Mr. Lenick is in good condition 
at Martin Memorial Medical Center . 

Next time the Lenicks will watch the news. 
_ TELEliISIO,v Co.vrROLL(flS -



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \Ol \CF'IF\T~ 
FRIENDS OF BILL W: New 
book study meeting 7p.m. 
Mondays at Lutheran 
Church across from Revelle 
campus - corner of N. Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores. 
Call Brad 566-6879 for more 
info. (11 /1-11 /15) 
FREE MOVIE TICKETS: Men 
are needed to participate in a 
doctoral research project. Two 
free movie passes in exchange 
for 90 minutes of your time. 
For more information please 
call Carlos Nelsonat688-1265. 
(11/4-11 /11) 

These 
advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Cartoon Lagoon ........... 457-9798 
Fairmair's ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-Q662 
Dim Sum ................... .. . 535-1668 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Greek Cuisine .............. 558-n71 
Koata's Frozen Yogu rt . 452-0524 
Pizza Nova ...... ............. 458-9525 
Yakimono ............... ...... 452-4255 

UCSD AUTO 
c & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. .395-1990 
Robert ·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-11 20 

UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Skin Care by Lorraine .. 457-21 00 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery .... .. ... .... 277-8255 
Dr. Becker. Chiro . ..... ... 452-2882 
Being Fit .............. .. ....... 483-9294 
Birthright. .... ..... ... (800)484-LOVE 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care ................... 226-1 733 
Tan 4 Less ................... 455-0909 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye .......... .... . 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla .......... 597-2020 
Vision Care .................. 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
CD Sounds ................... 578-3472 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Kinko's ........ ... ... .. ......... 457 -3775 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperiearning ............... 455-1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........ .. 274-ALES 
Character's (W Marriott) ..... . 587-1 414 

UCSD ETC. 
St. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Mission Fed. Credit Union .... 546-2035 
Nectar Surf & Sport ...... .. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday , Novembe r 4, 1993 

CLASSIFIEDS 
DEPECHE MODE 
TICKETS! !! San Diego, 
Nov. 16, $850bo ; LA , Nov. 
24 , $600bo . Very _good 
seats . Call Johnny 619-
259-8191 . (11 /1-11 /15) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-worri increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others_ Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p_rn. Thursday for Monday s' 
issue, and 3 p.rn. Monday for Thursday s issue_ The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more infonnation 
ca1l534-5416_ Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, Atm: Classifieds, 9500 Giiman Drive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Guitars: Acoustic steel string, 
still in box . $75 . Electric 
Memphis Telecaster, $85. 
586-7928 . (11 /1-11 /1 5) 
1986 VW GTI , silver, 
sunroof, Kenwood stereo, 
runs great , looks great, 
high miles. $2900. 459 -
5789. (11 /1-11 /4) 

NAME A STAR for someone. 
It's the #1 gift in America_ 
$33. Star Registration_ (714) 
283-9114_ (10/11 -11/4) 

UCSD Police Bicycle and Book 
Auction_ Saturday, November 
6, 1993_ Pre-auction viewing 
9:30a.m_ Auction starts at 
10:30 a.m_ Storage facility-
Voight Dr. Near Regents Rd _ 
$1.00 refundable bidder card 
deposit Cash or check only. 
(10/28-11/4) 
MODELING 
SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVAILABLE. Learn from the 
best. Auditions Personal 
Image+Modeling Center. 
220-7616_ (10/25-1212) 
REVELLE GRADUATING 
SENIORS! Come get 
involved in planning YOUR 
graduation. Next meeting 11 / 
8 (Mon _) 11 a_m_ at Provosts 
Office. (1 1/4) 
Work or Study in France! 
EAP/OAP Info . Session 
Thursday, Nov. 4, 1 :30p.m. 
International Center 
Conference Room. (11 /4) 
ONE-MILE WALK TO 
BENEFIT MARCH OF 
DIMES-NOV.10, 11 :45a.m. 
at the Salk Institute, through 
UCSD and complimentary 
lunch_ Call 576-1211 for 
details. (11/4-11 /8) 

Childcare wanted for 2,4, and 
8 year olds_ Some Saturday 
nights & weeknights. 755-
61 72. (10/11-1 1/4) 

Need a part-time, on campus 
job? Apply at the UCSD 
Telephone Outreach Program! 
$6_00/hrguaranteed plus bonus 
available! Raise needed funds 
for UCSD education I Fun 
environment with other UCSD 
students I Visit 711 University 
Center (above Outback 
Adventures) orcall535-1433for 
more info! (10/14--1212) 
Dispatcher - Growing 
message center in Del Mar 
seeks hardworking 
dispatchers. Must type 
min . 30 wpm . Good 
spelling req'd. $5.25/hr to 
start; Spanish bilingual 
$6.00/hr.-will be tested . 
PT +FT shifts available . 
Ask about bonus program! 
Call Select Personnel, 
492-9995 . (10/11-11115) 
TEACHERS-PIT (1-6 hrs. per 
week) language teachers 
needed for children's after-
school language program. 
Fluency in Sp/Fr or 
Japanese. 486-3073;674-
5905. (10/28-1114) 

POSTAL JOBS Available! 
Many positions. Great benefits. 
Call 1-800-436-4365, ext P-
3387. (11/1 -11/29) 
General Office: Phones, filing, 
customer service . Mac 
computer experience helpful. 
Will train. 12-5 M-F. 794-
9444_ (1111 -11/4) 

FOB ~ \LE 
'78 VW Rabbit, runs well , 
some rust , $750.000bo. 456-
5232 Anthony. (11 /1-11 /15) 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
We're taking a ncll' little approach to clcntal cmc. Convenient huurs 
anJ locmion. Gentle anJ c "rin~ treallncm ar affordable fees. A ll in " 
small but branJ new dental ,)fficc with vidc"s and current reading 
material to put ¥"U ar ea~e during )'c'ur ,·isi !. 

Wc're cllmmincd II' doing our hest tu provide 
prt:vcntivl·, (u:,mctic, III1J rC!'ItnnHl \'C dcnwl Clu e h ) 
keel' ycH lr dent:l l hi lls dOll'n, your 111lllllh healthy. 
and yuur smile hr i~ht. Call us mday. $3900 Check uP. I 

X-rays. I L J V D 0 
oml cnnccr screcn, A OLLA ILLAGE ENTAL m CE 
gum CX:1m. I James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
cleaning (Joes no! I . .. 
incluJc gum I General, Preventative , olnd Cosmetic ScrvI(cs ) I Most U SO IIISll ra l1cr t,,'(epred • ReIaxeJ. friendl, 
treatmenr . ollnusp/k!re • ViJcolSleroo • Memlx". ADA. CDA, SOCDS 
Reg. $97 I 
O//tt ,11.1 .,cIt Uid'1tf I 
1/) 8,....,... , ... 
IrHHttmCt '"'''"''' I f~""'''/~ _ -.J 

La Jolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Tup Flour. jU5r behinJ tilt Elephant Bar 
E l~'"J! & Salurday appoinrmc11Is al'(lllable 

1·5 at La Jolla Village Drive 558-3490 

FOR SALE: Desk chair $15: 
Art Easel (brand new) $115; 
drafting table, 36"x48", $70; 
wetsuits, S/M ; surfboards 
5'11 "-6'1 "; hiking boots, Asolo 
alileatt'ler 7' ; $60 each ALL 
NEGOTIABLE_ 587-8672. 
(10/21-11/29) 
For sale: Wood Ethan Allen 
children's bunk bed. Good 
condition_ $100. 452-3785. 
(10/25-11/4) 
FINE PERFUMES , 
Versions of : Chanel 5, 
Obsession, Opium , Red , 
Beautiful, Eternity, Joy, 
Oscar , Poison , White 
Linen , Passion , L 'Air , 
Realities , Spellbound, 
Escape , Lauren _ 1/20z 
$20, 1 oz $25. Satisfaction 
Guaranteed. To order , 
send payment to Royal 
Trek IntI. 433 W _ Allen 
#102 , San Dimas , CA 
91773 (800 -876- 1668 )_ 
(1 0/25-11 /8) 
1985 Toyota Supra, 5spd, 
ALL extras , CD , alarm , 
custom wheels , $4 ,900 or 
best, 586-7882, Steve. (10/ 
28-11/8) 
Brother wordprocessor 
WP650. Like new. Includes 
disks and ribbons_ $1500bo. 
587-8830. (10/28-11 /22) 
LAPTOP computer. TOSHIBA 
4500C . 486SX ACTIVE 
MATRIX COLOR. 1-1 /2 
months new! Original 
packaging, warranty. 4MB 
RAM, 120HD. Ball point mouse 
and carrying case. $2500obo. 
Dan 455-0330. (11 /1-11 /4) 

1971 VW Van with 8 seats. 
Newpaint, refurbished motor. 
Call Lee 729-9385 _ 
$2000obo. (11/1-11 /4) 
Honda Elite LX, wh ite 'SS. 
Great local transportation ! 
'94 Reg . Paid. New tires. 
Rel iable . 274-0650 . (11 /1-
11/4) 
1989 Jeep Wrangler, 57,000 
miles, 5spd, 4cyl., new tires, 
etc. Maintenance records_ 
272-1352. (11 /1-11 /4) 
'79 Camaro 305V8, Arr. New 
front end , HD suspension . Is 
not pretty. $1200 obo. John 
450-0806. (11 /4-11 /8) 
BAR. Great for frat house_ 
Nice tile top. Solid and heavy_ 
Make offer. Michael 497-
0362. (11 /4) 
FOR SALE: 1990 Hyundai 
Excel : Automatic, sunroof, 2-
doo r hatch back . AM -FM 
cassette, orig. owner, very 
cl ea n. GR EAT FO R 
STUDENTS. $5050obo, call 
486-3579_ (1 0/28-11 /4) 
1990 MAZDA 323, 5 speed, 
runs excellently, 16V engine, 
low gas-consumption. Small 
body dents. $3 ,500. 571 -
6911 . (11 /4) 
KAYAK-MATRIX- Used one 
year, good to learn + improve 
in river/surf . $499. 458-9977. 
(11 /4-11 /8) 
Smith Corona personal word 
processor P2000. Like new 
$200obo. Call Michele/Kathy 
281-3306. (1 1/4) 

WINTER BREAK IN ISRAEL! ,. 
Spend twoweeuasastudentvolunteer 

'ti 
working and living on an army base. 

'" ~ 
'-j 

LOW PRICffi '; E ", lii ~ ,g 
.B 

INCLUDES ROUN OTRIP " IRF" RE . ROOM. .. 
KOSHER BOARD & TOU RS ~ 

9t 
Departing from Los Angeles December 13, 29 

,; 
Q, 

New York o~_" IroID $649. ~ 
Cau for odaer data ..... cld .. ~ 

. .,. 

Contact: VOLUNTEERS FOR ISRAEL '" 
1722 Westwood Blvd .• SU lle 104 ~ 
Los Angele •• CA 90024 .. 
(3 10) 470-1316 

.! or Hope to SM you soon. i 639 14lh Avenue LNt.,~~ :II San fr:IOCISCO, CA 941 18 .~ j (415) 752-8554 

.'0 QUNTEERS 330 WI'.ST 42ND STUP:T • SUIT!: 1818 ~ ~ j IA L NEW YORK, NEW YOR K 10036-6902 • 
fOIl IS E 212 64,-4848 • PAJ(, 212 64,-4855 ~ ~ 8 

Thursday, November 4,1993 

GREAT TASTING WATER 
with countertop water filter: 
smart alternative to costly, 
inconvenient bottled water. 
QUICK installation. Removes 
lead, chlorine, more; Filters 
10,000 gallons for only 2 
CENTS PER GALLON_ 272-
4148_ (11/4-1212) 

For Sale: Macintosh II, 5MEG 
RAM, Sony VGA monitor, 
1200 baud modem. $995. 
Call Grace 452-9819. (11/4-
11 /8) 
WATERBED-Brand new 
black leather QUEEN SIZED. 
Includes heater, liner, head-
foot boards, and never yet 
filled mattress_ Cost $650.00, 
yours for only $525.00 obo. 
Call Scotty 975-4484/586-
0382. (11/4-11/11) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-
UCSD STAFF and student 
DISCOUNTS. Small Condos 
to Luxury Homes . Great 
Financing. Near UCSD 1 br 
$90,000's, 2&3 BR 
$120,000's+. Free info 
anytime_ REIMAX ASSOC_ 
JUDITH HADDOX, Realtor 
275-2618_ (10/14-11111) 
Female Roommate wanted 
to share spacious (1800 
sq.ft.). Condo 1 mile from 
UCSD_ $325/mo .+1/3 
utilities. Pool, jacuzzi, 
tennis courts , and garage 
included_ Call 453-8343 _ 
(10/24- 11/11 ) 
ROOM(S) AVAILABLE in La 
Jolla/University City 
townhouse, washer/dryer, 
cable TV, private parking 
space, pool, less than 1 mile 
from campus, East Parking 
shuttle stop right across the 
street (so don't fight for 
parking on campus), near 
buslines, room can be 
ft,Jrnished if desired_ Non-
smokers please. $395+ 1/4 
utilities. Please call John at 
457-9821 or Tom at 296-
1386. (10/21-11118) 
Female roommate wanted 
immediately. $300 plus 1/4 
utilities. 4 miles from campus. 
Near bus line. Non-smoker, 
no drugs_ Quiet, friendly 
environment. Ask for Jill at 
558-5938. (10/25-1212) 
Room for rent. Available 
now, close to UCSD, 
furnished, washer/dryer, 
kitchen privileges, quiet 
area, close to shopping, 
near buslines. $400.00/ 
month, utilities included . 
Call Ann 450-6935 or 453-
6164. (11/1-11/8) 

Walk to UCSD MedCenterl 
Hillcrest. Own room in great 
house. Hardwood floors, 
fireplace, washer+dryer, 
small yard and a very well-
behaved black lab named 
Kenya_ $445 .00+ 1/2 
utilities_ Call Rob at 298-
5105. Available 11/1/93_ 
(11/1-11/4) 

Own room Mira Mesa. 
Student house, washer/ 
dryer_ BarBQ, pool use. 
$31 o month. Paul 549-6642. 
(11/1-11111 ) 
Roommate wanted in three 
bedroom apt. with two male 
students. $275 month, Pacific 
Beach 270-3041. (11/4) 

$1,075. Large 3br/2ba , 
fireplace, 3 patios , all 
appliances . No pets . 
Gated building & parking . 
Tennis, pool , spa, sauna, 
exercise-room, recreation-
room. 457-2223/454-4299 
Sherri _ (11/4) 

FOR RENT: 2 BR, 2BA for 2 
people_ $690_00 per month 
(utilities + cable included). 
Non/smoker-drinker_ No pets. 
Quiet Clairemont area. 15 
minutes away. Call 492-9425_ 
(114-11/8) 

DISSERTATION/THESIS 
HELP_ Editing, organization, 
proofreading, statistics_ 
20yrs. experience. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9/21-1/13) 
La Jolla Barbershop. Quality 
Barbering. Haircuts $8.00_ 
459-5792. (9/21-1212) 
ViolinNiola Lessons_ You·or 
yourchild(ren) can learn from 
an experienced, professional 
teacher_ Now accepting 
students-all ages and levels 
welcome! Call Conrad 466-
0525 (9/21-1212) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! 
Only $5_95_ While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more_ Near 
St. Germains _ 452-9949 . 
(10/25-6/2) 
GREEKS & CLUBS: 
RAISE UP TO $1,000 IN 
JUST ONE WEEK ! For 
your fraternity, sorority & 
club . Plus $1,000 for 
yourself! And a FREE T-
SHIRT just for calling. 1-
800-932-0528, ext. 75 . 
(10/28-11/8) 

WORD PROCESSING 
(multilingual). Free pickup & 
delivery. 7 days a week : 
Phone/fax 453-6282_ (11/1-
11/8) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITING/ 
REWRITING of papers, 
theses, dissertations, 
monographs_ George Tibbon. 
299-2420_ (11/1-11/29) 
SECRETARIAL SERVICES: 
Term papers, word 
processing, letters, resumes, 
large and small documents, 
H.P. Laser Jet Printer, 
SUSAN 485-8392. Pick up 
and delivery available. (11/4) 
Hey Pre-Meds : Thinking 
about the Caribbean? How 
about U of Guadalajara? Ace 
the MeAT with 
Hyperlearning, 1-800-MD-
BOUND. We'll keep you from 
"Going to Extremes_" (11/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

DO IT ALL! And miss 
nothing I Wear your 
answering machine on 
your belt. Pactel paging at 
special UCSD rates 530-
7552_ (11/4) 
WORD PROCESSING/ 
AUDIO TRANSCRIPTION. 
Professional , personable , 
very skilled. Graduate + 
research & book 
publication background. 
226-8446. (11 /4-11 /29 ) 

\\ \'\TEI) 
MODELS NEEDED . TV , 
runway , swimsu i t , 
calendar , catalog , 
print. Experienced + 
Inexperienced . Call 
Auditions , 220-7614 _ 
(10/25 - 12 /2) 
Earn $100.00 . Subjects 
wanted for a study on 
alcohol 's effects . If you are 
a Japanese, Ch inese , or 
Korean , American -born 
male, call Scripps 
Research Institute fo r 
more information, 554-
7240_ (9/27-12/2) 
Guitarist seeks experienced 
drummer, singer, bassist 
and keyboardist to form a 
Melodic Hard Rock band. 
Influence: Def Leppard , 
Chicago, Steve Vai, Queen. 
Kotaro, 550-0254. (10/28-
11/8) 
Comic book artist needed 
to work as part of a team to 
produce a comic book. 
Experience in Fantasy 
Role-Playing j Games 
helpful. Call Jeremy at 
622-1697. (10/28-11/4) 
FREE TRIPS AND 
MONEY!! Individuals and 
Student Organizations 
wanted to promote the 
Hottest Spring Break 
Destinations , call the 
nation 's leader . Inter-
Campus Programs 1-800-
327-6013. (10/28-11/4) 

Wanted : Project assistant. 
San Diego Cares, an 
innovative nonprofit 
volunteer corps_ We create 
and lead community -
service projects_ Unpaid 
position but great 
experience . Required : 
organizational and 
leadership skills . Call 292-
1515. (11/1-1114) 
Guitarists and bassists 
sought for studio project. 
We 've got all the 
equipment. Michael 497-
0362. (11/4) 

xn Gamma Girls! Ready to 
Rock the boat on Saturday?1 
Love from your Big Sisters II 
(11/4) 
Congratulations to the new Fall 
pledges of Alpha Omicron Pi. 
You guys are the bestl (11/4) 

CLA SIFI EDS II 

MIRAMA~ .... 
CAR WASH 

r------------------, 
I Full Service $ 95 I 
: CAR : 
I H S795VALUE I 
I I 
I $2495 
I NI'"' DEl A'l .--~-- includes FREE polish. II . • ~h • Complete dle~l~ 

wax & sealed wax • Fu \' alSO aval a 
or Armoralt tires • \-Iaod wa~ 570·$100 

• ~rnlo l~11 tires 

;-)7 1() Mir81l1ar Road . San Diego 
1":'::------ -, 

IlI'hind t ilt' lin()(',iI 7(i sl dti{)11 805 
tvlull .-Sa l. f\ -() • 4 55- 1120 I 

Frankfurt $225-
London $215* 
Miami $170* 

• 
Miramar Rd. 

15 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

8.6 X 11 • 201 white I Honolulu $135* Seattle $ 79* 
• All rcY~ Me: r.:ach W5Y ba5t:d on a roundtrip 
purchase. T4XCS not Hlc;ludtd Some re:~lflc-
1'00$ apply Studenl ,t.lus IN'( be r(Q\J".d 

autofeed or saH serve I 
I 

1.,..1Ipaus _cd .. ·IItc-spot1 

Coundl Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

Ope. Mol.. fllft .• TIll". Fri. 5-5 W ..... to-5 

Foraj reebuLletin. call in 1 NYU Summer 
1-800-228-4NYU. ext. 102 V 

~--------------------------TWO CONVENIENT New York University. Office of SUnllll~r Ses:.ions 
SES..~IONS P.O. llox 242, New York, .Y. 101 t -I.US 
May 23-July I 
July S-August 12 

Please send me afree 1994 Summer BIII/elill. 
-On-clunpus housing 
for as little as $100 v. ... 
per session .......... =-----~ 
-Over 1,000 courses 
offered 
-Open liouse 
January 7, 1994 
(212) 998-4520 

e,,, 
'''''' ( ) 

_ClffmlIIr_", 
.. ,tw\t~ .. .. ~~~...., 

lop (;r./r 

10\ 



12 SPORTS 

DARRYL: The Straw 
man seeks Arizona holiday 
Continued from pa,e 9 
George Steinbrenners and the Marge Schotts 
of baseball. They have produced some of the 
classiest players in the game, from Sandy 
Koufax to Orel Hershiser. 

When then-General Manager AI Campanis 
made a racist statement sever.1I years ago, the 
Dodgers responded with a swift and heavy 
hand, relieving him of his position and replac-
ing him with Fred Claire. For the Dodgers, the 
responsible decision is todoaway with Straw-
berry - he's been more trouble than he's 
wonh and he's been a public embarrassment 
to the entire franchise. 

Strawberry is an insult to the city of Los 
Angeles and to the Dodgers. The team and 
Dodgers owner Peter O'Malley need to bite 
the bullet, pay Strawberry the eight million 
dollars that remain on his contract and ship 
him off to the Grand Canyon state. 

I am one Dodgers fan who would rather 
watch a player with integrity, no matter what 
his balling average or how much money he 
makes. 

Maybe Stnlwberry can just retire. He and 
Michael Jordan can hang out together -
maybe go to Vegas or something ... 

TATra 
"JI.~ 

atill 

The UCSD Guardian 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons to tangle with 
Gustavus Adolphus 
Continued from pace 9 
kicking the ball away after a penalty kick call 
and Ward for elbowing and nearly pulling 
Pugh's jersey off. UCSD's Daphne Farnum 
was the only yellow-carded Triton, also for 
kicking the ball away. 

The second half staned out fast for the 
Tritons. Five minutes into the half, Carbone 
took yet another comer kick. This one got away 
from Regal keeper Walz and UCSD's Diana 
Muchow ki was right there, but her header was 
just off the mark. The Tritons kept the pressure 
on, but just couldn't break through. 

They got closest with three minutes to play. 
UCSD's Katie Larkin was tackled at the top of 
the penalty box and Carbone moved in to take 
the indirect penalty kick. Her pass bounced to 
Muchowski, who headed it over and behind 
Walz. The ball bounced again and was going 
into the empty net when the Regals ' Brianne 
0' Brien cleared the ball just in time. 

As the clock ticked down toward the one-
minute mark, it looked like UCSD was heading 
into its seventh overtime game of the season. 
But Amanda Johnson took possession of the 
ball on the right side of the field and took off 

Dan MtOOWeli/Guaraian 
Carin Pugh netted the &ame winner, 

down the sideline. Cal Lutheran's Kristina 
Ripatti tried to cut the Triton off near the top of 
the penalty box and shoved her to the outside. 

10hnson juked Ripatti and turned inside, 
where she centered the ball. Teammate Carin 
Pugh was knifing in toward the near post, 
where she one-timed a shot that screamed 
upward, bounced off the crossbar and just 
managed to cross the line for the winningscore. 

"We had some difficulty executing some 
things and UCSD did a good job of staying with 
[its] game plan," Cal Lutheran Head Coach 
Dan KUnlZ said. 'They have a lot of speed at the 
wings and once the ball is crossed it's difficult 
to play." 

"'\ "00 .,,1-\ 0 '1"'1 
...... ..!T ~ 0.,...... psper ': '-J ........, .., ........... .&..l ,,"G~ 

• 

-f~n~ d Jpt )'CUI." pr 
" 

With Visac you'll be accepted at more than 
10 million places, nearly three times more than American Express, 

And that's not a misprint. 

Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

Thursday, Novcmbct' 4. 1993 

"We dominated the game, but we weren't 
putting awayourchances,"Triton Head Coach 
Brian McManus said. "If you get frustrated, 
you're liable to make mistakes by pushing too 
hard. It came down to the team that made a 
mistake at the back." 

Triton Dawn Lee, a mainstay on the UCSD 
defense who helped the team record its 11th 
shutout of the season, wasn ' t worried about 
facing the Cal Lutheran forwards. "[McManus) 
said we wouldn't change anything for this 
game. We played thi s way all season and that 's 
why we ' re undefeated;' he said. 

Sears, who combined with Lee and 
Muchowski to stifle the Regal offen e. limit-
ing the visitors to four shots. It was Sears who 
was largely responsible forshadowing the dan-
gerous Wackerman and not letting her get a 
shot off all game. "[Sears] played her best game 
of the season," McManus . aid. 

"We just wanted to keep the fans interested 
in the game," Pugh deadpanned about her last-
minute heroics. ''We just kept our heads in the 
last minule, like we've done all year. [Amanda 
Johnson] gave me a pert-ect cross and ljust shot 
it. But I did think it was just a bit high at first," 
she admitted. 

McManu didn ' t hesitate when asked why 
UCSD has been able to crumble Cal Lutherun' s 
dreams each of the past three year . . "We've 
always wanted il a bit more," the coach said. 

Thanks to the 
cooperation of these 

businesses, you can sli1l rip 
out your favoriae Guanlian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution siteS, , , 

GIlMAN DR. I'lFO BOOTH 
ST. GERMAN'S 
CAlCOfl'( 
aJ'S PlZZARIA 
KINKO'S , ~ t,"" 
RAlPH'S (j~ 
VON'S 
POlAR'S YOGURT \ t.. 
WESTERN SAGEL...( 'I"'f'~/ 
BlGBEAR '\f / 
SOUP EXCHANGE ' 
SlJBWAY 
ZEBRACOf1"( 
MlLAGRO BEAN 
KOAlA YOGURT 
TACOaell 
NEWS ETC. 
BEANS 
SlJBWAY 
ROBERTO'S 
NORTH T.p. INfO BOOTH 
TORREY PINES CENTER 
COMMUNlCAllONS 61.00. 
SCRIPPS UBRAAY , Iv 
SCRIPPS SNACK aAR V 
JEFF'S BURGERS /. ',1 
NIEGHBOR-SAVER ,ttl 
LA COruA MEX F<XJO ' 
SWENSONS 
SOUP eXCHANGE 
PORKYlAND 
VONS 
LA .lOUA BREWING co. 
LA .lOUA PU6lIC UBRARY • v 
DlSCAFE • ~, 
PANNIKIN y~v \ 'r 

~~1J.~. BlVDI f- . cO~· 
CAFE TOULOUSE // 
TOGO'S /' 
lANZlaAR 
CAFECREMA 
BONY'S 
SAMGOOOY'S 
VON'S 
SOUP EXCHANGE 

The Guardian Newspaper 
would like to welcome the 
follawing businesses to our 

distribution list, 

...... ------------- - -------------________________ C IlloaU.UInc. II13I ___ .... 

Thursday, November 4, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

1993 NCAA Division III Men'. Soccer Championship 
Round 
Sand 7 

South 

North 
'------1 Far West 

'_-------1 South Central 

SPOW!'. 13 

~-----~~W~Il~e~at~o~n ______ ~ 

J-----I Great Lakes ~~~L __ • 

Roger KUO/ Gu8Id,an ... 

Tritons to Host Gustavus Adolphus in NCAA First Round 
By MuraU Moorthy 
Staff Writer 

Although it doesn't know much 
about the Golden Gusties of 
Gustavus-Adolphus, the UCSD 
men's soccer team heads into 
Saturday'S NCAA Division III Na-
tional Championship first-round 
playoff game with plenty of confi-
dence. 

"We've heard nothing (aboutthe 
Gusties]," senior Roben Ripley ad-
mitted. "And we really don't care," 

After going 9-0-1 in the second 
half of season, including an eight-
game win streak going into 
Saturday'S matchup, you can't 
blame them for being cocky. During 

the win streak, goalie Michael Mad-
den recorded four shutouts, and the 
defense never allowed more than 
one goal in any game. 

"Madden started off slow," 
Ripley said, "but in the second half, 
he's been really, really good." 

Senior Chris Romey leads the 
Triton offense with 16 goals and 
fi ve assists. After spending a year at 
Washington State, his return to 
UCSD has revived last year's dis-
mal offensi ve attack. His consistent 
and at times spectacular firepower 
at the forward position will be cru-
cial to keep the pressure on Gusties 
goalie David Graham (1.23 goals 
against average). 

Senior Todd Curran is also ex-
pected to be a key player. Curran 
has scored in each of the last three 
games and the team wi II conti nue to 

1993 NCAA Division III Women'. Soccer Championship 
R ........ FI .... 

Nov. 7 Nov. 14 

look to the "goal machine." 
"We' ll stick to our game plan ," 

Curran predicted. " If they force us 
to alter something, we'lI do it at 
halftime." 

With a strong starting lineup, the 
Tritons probably won ' t change a 
system that has steadily evolved in 
the past month into championship 
form. 

The Tritons' typica lly miserly 
defense will need to stop a poten-
tially explosi ve Gusties offense that 
has scored at least four goals in fi ve 
games this season. 

Despite a solid 13-4-1 record, 
some Triton players have questioned 
the toughness of the Minnesotans' 

victories. One of the GU~lic '; four 
los~es was a 4-() Ihnl\hing by 0 10-
rado College, 'Nhich is playing in 
the early contest on :lturday. The 
fourth team i n thi~ \~cekell(j' ~ pool 
is Claremont College, an overti me 
loser to UCSD du ring the fiN half 
or the season. 

It appear~ Ihat wlwl~\'er Iheirop-
ponents bring to UCSD Ihi~ week-
end, the Tritons expect nothing but 
another "W" in the win column. 

"We' ve tinal ly come toge ther 
and everyone' s found a role. "junior 
Ken Fujii said. '"There is 110 doubt in 
our minds that we're Ihe best in the 
nation. [t 's ti me to prove it to every-
one else." 

..... 

UCSD Faces Gusty Foes ... 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

Minne ota, never the first place 
that springs to mind when thinking 
of wintertime soccer hot spots, is 
nevertheless the destination of Ihe 
UCSD women 's soccer team (IS-
0-1) this weekend. 

The Tritons travel to Gustavus 
Adolphus College for the West Re-
gional of the NCAA Division III 
women's soccer championships. 
UCSD will square 
off with the host 
school in the sec-
ond game of 
Saturday's double-
header, scheduled 
for an II a.m. Pa-
cific time kickoff. 

Trinity Univer-
sity (16-1) and the 
University of Wis-
consin-Stevens 
Point (15-4-1) go 
toe-to-toe in the first game, with 
the winner to face the UCSD-
Gustavus Adolphus (13-2-1) vic-
tor on Sunday at 10 a.m. 
. Thr Tritons are used to Minne-

sota in November, having spent 
several of their previous seven trips 
at the regionals in the midwest. the 
last one a 1991 loss to Macalester. 

The weather will undoubtedly 
tum the prestigious postseason tour-
nament into a strange brand of soc-
cer. "It's not going to be a soccer 
weekend, it'll be a battling week-
end. The fields will be a mudbath. 
You can't prepare for it, so we're 

jusl not even going to think about 
the fie lds. If you do, it start~ play-
ing with your head," UCS D Head 
Coach Bri;]n McManu~ ~aid . 

No matter what the weather or 
field conditions ure. the Trilon~ pos-
sess an edge in postseason ex peri-
ence. Neither Ihe Golden Guslies 
nor possib le Sunday oppo nent 

Ste\'en ~ Poin t haw b~cl1 in vited to 
the big dance before. 

But McManli s is concerned 
:lboutGu,ta\ U \' ad-

vantnge~, ~uch ns 
home field and fa- -
mil iarilY wilh the 
weather. " II de-
pe nds on the fi rSI 
20 minule s," he 
sa id. "[fwe can sur-
vive the first 20 
minute . . anything 
can happen ." 

Gu stavu s is 
champion of the 

Minnesota Intercollegiate Alhletic 
Conferellct', a fact not lost on 
McManus. "It" ~ a good league. 
Gustavus must be a good team to go 
10-0 lthe Gusties league record]." 

Not that its opponent' s league 
record menn much to UCSD, 
which is obsessed with only one 
thing: storming Minnesota and go- "-
ing wherever they need to next 
weekend to capture Ihe national 
crown. 

.'(' m looki ng torward 10 gomg back 
to Minnesota," ~nior Eva Ktngsbury 
said. ''This team is really united and 
nothing can ~top u~ from winning." _ 



1'1 

RANKINGS 

Volleyball 
through Nov. 1 
Team Ree, 

"'n'. A (conl'd) 
Men's AAA Team Ree, 
1 Powered By Pabst g·o 
2 Young and Restless I t · l 4 Spike Me Baby 9·3 
3 M.E.N. 9·3 5CCW 4-2 
4 Argyle Socks 7·5 Womtn'sAA 5XL 7·5 1 Ai Ya! 12·0 
Men's AA 2 Six Pack It·l 
1 Shank You 12·0 3 Stray Cats 9·3 
2 Chock Full 01 Ai Yal g·O 4 We Dig Balls 8·4 
3 Team Smack 6·1 5 Six Pack Attack 6·3 
4 We Spiked Your Mama 11 ·1 Women's A 5 Raw Cooling Powers 11 ·1 1 Dig 'Ems 11·1 
Men's A 2AACF 10·2 
1 Shepherds 10·2 3 Gotta Go 9·3 
2 Spike II Where 5·1 4 Wild and Wacky 10·2 
3 Heart and Soul 9·3 5 Instltutionahzed 10·2 

3 on 3 Hoops 
The battles 01 Ihe regular season are over lor our half· 
court warriors. Now Ihe real wars begin. Yes. its 
playoff timel Pool play begins Ihis Sunday Nov. 7 lor 
Sunday teams and Saturday Nov. 13 for Saturday and 
Monday night teams, wllh the top teams advancing 10 
Ihe final playoff round Ihe following Sunday. Bring 
kneepads and athlelic tape, because as any fan of Ihe 

NBA knows. the inlensity heals up when its crunch time! Here are lhe final 
rankings of Ihe top contenders: 

Team Record The Skinny 

Men's AAA 
I. Bigger Ihan you Ihink 14·2 Beginning to shrink 
2. Altitude lela 10·5 Will stay on the ground 
3. Punishers 9·7 Probably playoff punlshees 

Men's AA 
1. Krisfredpeter 14·1 But can they do il in Ihe cfutch? 
2. Duck Soup 13·2 No flies In the soup so far 
3. Flying Elvises Ulah Chap. 11 ·1 Won't fly much higher 
4. Jim's Erectoballs 13·3 Balls have deffaled a lillie 
5. Brown & Proud 13·2 Proving Ihey belong allop 
6. Long Dislance 9·1 Can lay bricks from long range 
7. Nasly Boys 10·4 Living up 10 Iheir rep now 
8. Insane in Ihe Membrane 12·. Need to hitlhe easy ones 10 win 
9. Beaye's Ho J 13·3 Building mo' wilh late run 
10. 3·Man 12-4 Playing to level 01 opponenls 
Men's A 
1. God Complex 14·0 You would too if you were \4 ·0 
2. 3 Blind Mice 10·2 Only blind when they're shOOling 
3. Davis Rules 11 ·1 Shaking off hangovers 10 rule Sat. 
4. Shelly's Panlies 14·2 She should be flattered 
5. Terminale the Posse 14-2 Yeah, bUI how good is Ihe posse? 
6, Slow Break 13·3 Time 10 pick it up fell as 
7. The Gonzos 9·1 Gotlhe Irees 10 go alilhe way 
6. Clippers 10·2 Showing where Ihey belong 
9. 11 was a Bet 13·3 I'd lay SO·1 
10, This SlJcks 12·4 And so de your chances 
Womtn's 
I , Ladles Firsl 10·3 Everybodyelse: after them please 
2. Uh·huh 10-4 Think you'll win it all? Uh·uh 
3. Fishheads 8·4 Oon'l stink up the playoffs 

Graphics by Tara Eoll 

The UCSD Gual'llian 

Flag F oolball Playoffs 
Begin Tomorrow . 
For Info on your team, Slop by Canyonview or call 534·4037, Here's Ihe 
handicap on Ihe lOp teams In each division : 

r.nkltt.m/,eeord oddl commenl 

llen'lAM 
I , Big AI's Soldiers 4·1 3·1 Rare 3·peal al slake, should gtllhe job done 
2. Woo's Enormous Genitals 4·0 7·2 Hoping to bludgen field InlO submission 
3, SAE 4·1 4· 1 Can'l hang wilh Ihe lOP clubs 
4, War Posse 3·2 8·1 Which leam will show up? 
5. Panlhers 3·1 25·1 Shon, slow and hard 10 like in Ihis race 
M.n's AA 
1. Hooler Hunters 5·0 2·1 Mounlaln men ready 10 conquer 
2. Slugs 4· f 3·1 Besl offense in AA 
3. Homey's Lasl Sland 4·1 5·1 Now or never Woody 
4. Non·Dairy Creamers 4·1 10·1 Very IilUe trouble in an easy league 
5, D.O,C. 3·1 15·1 Can'l be laken too lighlly 
6. Old,Fa1.Small , But Slow 3·1 20·1 Whose doing the recruiting? 
7. Die by the Sword 3·2 25·1 Live by Iho long bomb 
8. Pabst Penelrales Ihe Goal 3·2 50·1 Won'l remember gelting crushed 
9. Cutlers II 3·2 75·1 Won'l be around very long 
10. Polish Mavericks 4·1 99·1 Has Hell frozen over yel? 
Men's A 
1. BuUaluoco 5·0 2·1 Greal name, grealleam • bellhe ranch 
2. Really Lame Team 5·0 5·2 Big·time 0, only gave up 6 points per game 
3. BT's 3·1 Balanced aUack has no holes 
4. Semen on Ihe Turf 5·0 5·1 Keep it in Ihe locker room 
5. Symphony of Deslruction 5·0 6·1 May be learing down the palace soon 
6. Your MOlher 5·0 7·1 Bad Karma mess'n wilh mom 
7. 00 Yacht Club 5·0 10·1 Wilh Ihal 0, Ihey'll gel dry-docked 
6. Immaculale Receplors 4·0 15·1 Anything can happen, ya right! 
9. The Black Bombers 3·1 20·1 Cruise missiles or SCUDS? 
10, Lasl Chance 4·1 SO·1 Upsel special has a chance 
Coed 
1. We GOI Skills 5-0 1-1 Shouldn't give up a louchdown • lock of Ihe year 
2, Going Deep 4·0 3·1 Nice playbook. Who needs Ihe sublle approach? 
3. Hands 01 Slone 4·1 5·1 Looking forward 10 rematch wilh lOP squad 
4. Tuolomne Tacklers 5·0 6·1 Doing il wilh defense 
5. Homey Goes Coed 3·1 10·1 Why nOllry anything 10 gel a lille 

THE 19TH HOLE 

Fall Classic Golf Tournament 
Sasaki clogs course, takes title 

Jeff Sasaki has been playing in 
1M golf lournamenls lor years. 
He's had some good showings, 
but never laken home Ihe blue 

ribbon. Since he's gradualing soon, he knew 
this would be his lasl shollo win an 1M Event. 
So, he pulled oul alilhe SlOps. 

Ya, he worked on his game a bit, bul he 
worked even harder on everyone else's. You 
see, he managed to get inlo the second group 
10 lee off where he could conlrollhe pace and 
slow everything down, The first group out 
(which included a 93 score, ON THE FRONT 
NINE!) was soon 2, 3 and allimes 4 holes 
ahead, The resl of Ihe field spenl more time 
leaning on clubs Ihan swinging Ihem. Snails 
were hustling down fairways lasler Ihan Ihis 
field. The round look so long several players 
nearly died 01 malnulrition. 11 almosl became a 
2·day event. Darkness kept one !rustrated 
group from linishing. Boredom no doubltook 
care 01 everyone else. 

Sure Jell birdied 18 and POSled a very 
respectable 81 to win Ihe lournament in a 
score·card pia yoll, bul he also became a mas· 
cot for the post ollice along lhe way. Whal are 

lhe chances he ends up in Ihe lasl4·some in our 
nexltournament? The resl of his group tried 10 
lake responsibilily lor Ihe whole mass, but. c'mon 
it wasn'l hard 10 ligure oul whal rtally happened 
oullhere. 

Craig Schneider, Brad Burstln and John 
Brannen look Ihe honors on the closest 10 the pin 
par 3'sand Brannen and Schneider also pounded 
outlhe long drives on Ihe Ironl and back sides 
respectively, 

Thlll'sllay, NOVllIllhcl' 4,19<)3 

Frenchman 
Takes Over 
UCSD Tennis 

II had 10 happen sooner or laler. II JUSI 
seemed Ihat one of these years UCSD 
would resemble Ihe 'Pro Tennis' lour. The 
play has always been 'pro' caliber here al 
UCSD. That's nOI whal we're talking abOut 
here. It's aboul all Ihese tenms stars 
raised on foreign soil then coming 10 the 
U.S. of A. and kicking our bUllS. 

Folks, II happened, Ten days back. 
Philip Parolin. a ranked second division 
player from France. showed up allhe MUll 
Courts and blitzed the Men 's Open held In 

half Ihe slory. Parotin and McMullen met in 
Ihe very firsl round of Ihls double·paniclpa · 
tlon event. In the opener, Parotln also pre· 
valled, but \he 9·8 pro set win went to a 12· 
poinltiebreaker Ihat Parotln won 7 ·3. 

Each won a number of malches after 
Ihe opener and evenlually came back 10 
lace each olher agalO Ihe championsh ip 
linal. II was ObviOUS thai Ihese two were 
eXlremely close, 

Musl be in \he ions. 
In Ihe Men's Inlermediale Cham~on . 

ship, Chandra (Alex) KaimilevdefeatedMike 
Penjoyan 6·2, 6-0 in the final after bOth had 
relatively easy compelition enroute to Ihe 
finals . Kaimilev worked over 5 different 
opponents belore besling Penjoyan in Ihe 
big one, 

Chandra could be ready 10 make a 
10ng'Ierm impacI on the Championships, 
he's only a freshman (majoring in compuler 
science), and might be a loree when he 
moves up 10 Ihe open division nexI year. 

The Women's Open championship had 
an interesting lurn·around as MeaganAnms, 
another UCSD freshman deleated Amy Ning 
8·5 in Ihe championship linal. Annis reo 
versed an earlier 2·8 deleal 10 Ning in Ihe 
tournament's lirsl round of play, 

BIG 
MEAL MEAL 

To introduce you to (or welcome you 
back to) UCQO's best pizza, we are 
offering you ... 

DEAL DEAL 
Any 6" sub, MEAL Any 12" Sub 23-0z. soft 2hz. SOft ' 

drink and drink -.cI 

L-$3_';_9~ D EALS_$4_'9_9---.J 
VAUD ONLY AT COSTA VERDE a MIRAMAR LOCATIONS, PLEASE PRESENT UCSO 10, EXP. 1111693 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!50 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

250/0 off* 
• Dine-in 

Pizze • Pe.te • Sendwich., • SeI.d. 
You ITlU!;t p'''~Qnl thi~ coupon lo rocoi" .. 
di,count. Not valid wilh ""y ol"", ollQ,. 
Valid through NovQrnbflr 30. 1993, 

• Carryouf 
• Delivery 

La Jolla Village 9quare 
8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

466-0882 

COLOR. USED 

u C S D C U A R D I A N ART S • E N T E R T A I N MEN T NOV E M B E R 4, I 9 9 3 

INTHE 

nEWS 
R 0 ( K 

• After a four-year hiatus. 
multi-media performer Laurie 
Anderson is recording a new 
album that will he co-produced 
by Brian Eno. Anderson will 
embark on a North American 
tour after the release of her al-
bum early next year. 

• Capitol Records has just re-
leased Dllels, a collection of 
duets Frank Sinatra sings 
with various popular artists. 
The album, which was released 
Nov. 2, marks the first time 
Sinatra has gone into the studio 
in 15 years. Guest performers 
include Bono, Natalie Cole, 
Julio Illeslas, Aretha 
Franklin and Luther 
Vandroas, 

• Dead c.n Dance, the 
ambient techno group com-
posed of Brendan Perry and 
Lisa Gerrard, will tour to sup-
port its recent release, imo Ihe 
lAbyrinth. which has been ris-
ing fast on alternative music 
charts, The group also contrib-
utes to the Baraka soundtrack. 
The tour will mark the first 
time the band has visited the 
United States, Unfortunately, 
the duo will not stop in San 
Diego, but two dates are sched-
uled for Los Angeles. Dead Can 
Dance will perform Monday at 
Royce Hall and Nov, 15 at The 
Wiltem. 

l 0 CAL 

• P.S. Music TV Productions 
will present a program called 
"Musical Playhouse" on 
Southwestern Cable channel 16 
Wednesday at 8:30p.m, andon 
Cox Cable channel 24 Sunday 
at II p,m, Videos by national 
artists such as Billy Bragg and 
Paul Westerberg will be fea-
tured. along with performances 
by local artists such as Psyco 
Circus. 

• The Playwright Project will 
present "Plays by Younc 
Wrften," four plays written 
by California high school stu-
dents. It opens Wednesday and 
runs through Nov, 21 on the 
Cassius Carter Centre Stage at 
the Old Globe Theatre. Tickets 
range from $7 to $10. Info: 
298-9242. 

George 
Clinton 
brings his 
bag of funk to 
the Belly Up 
Tavern tonight 

n the song "Martial Law," George Clinton, who 
plays tonight at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach, defiantly sings that funk is not dead. The 
veteran musician's latest album, Hey Man ... 
Smell My Finger. is a testament to the endurance 
of the musical style that he essentially founded, 
More than a genre, fu nk is an attitude which 
Clinton has personified for almost 30 years with 
zany clothing, mesmerizing live performances 
and a call for racial harmony, 

Clinton got his start in the late~'60s 
fronting Parliament, a New Jersey doo-wop 
group that recorded the hit "(1 Just Wanna) 

Testify." Parliament metamorphosed into an outland-
ish supergroup which touted the value of uniting "one 
nation under a groove." 

Featuring talented musicians such as bassist 
Bootsy Collins and keyboardist Bernie Worrell (who 
now plays in the CBS Orchestra with Paul Schaeffer 
on "The Late Show with David Letterman"), Parlia-
ment has had such an influence that most rap artists 
now cite Clinton's group as one of their primary 
mentors , 

Clinton has remained musically active throughout 
the ' 80s, but he has never really received due credit. 
Hey Man, an attempt to validate his work, is being 
hailed by critics as a comeback album, 

Clinton receives help from a number of prominent 
rap artists. Dr. Ore, Ice Cube. Humpty Hump, Yo-Yo 
and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis all contrib-
ute vocals, 

Guest producers also include Prince (or whatever his 
See FUNk, page H4 

By Jeff Niese) 
Hiatus Editor 

Courtesy of SCOI1 Morgan 



IIIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian Thul'sila" N"""1lI h"I ' I. 11J1J;i 

MOVIES 

Inside Monkey Zetterland 
By Care Udell 
Staff Writer 

II/side MOl/key Zetter/al/d. a fi 1m 
which brings together an eclectic 
bunch of actors, offers a chaotic 
but comical picture of one perso ll 
struggling with his life. The pro-
tagoriist, Monkey (Steve Antin), is 
a screenwriter/actor who must sub-
sist among a seething handful of 
zany family members and friends 
in Los Angeles. 

Screenwriter and actor Steve Antin discusses 
his film about life in Los Angeles 

cllsed wi th Jodie Foster. and ~\'e n 
though a 101 of peoj1le told Ille I 
should write ll1ovies. Jodie Iwas 
the one who] really in)'pired me to 
write . I had written scripts. hut 
they wen:: not very cohesive. so I 
said " I wunt to write:' und I spent 
about a year drulnmi ng up my tirst 
screenplay that got me great repre-
sentation but didn ' t sell. Then I 
invented IlIsid" Mill/key Zeller/(l/ Id. 
Is there any underlying 
significance to the title? 
Why the name Monkey 
ZeHerland? 

He is surrounded by a well-
known cast of actors such as 
Patricia Arquelte, Sandra Bernhard 
and Ricki Lake, who swirl around 
him throughout the film . prodding 
at and adding to his urban angst. 
Monkey's relationships lead to the 
creation of an ex tended "dysfunc-
tional" family . 

During a recent interview. 
Antin, the star and screenwriter of 
the film, said the theme of the 
unomalous family pertains to ev-
eryone, and that all viewers will be 
able to identify with the film's char-
acters. II/side MOl/key Zelter/alld 
opens tomorrow at the Guild The-
atre in Hillcrest. 
Was Inside Monkey 
Zetlerland your first at-
tempt at screenwriting? 

It 's really just a wri t er'~ pre -
rogative. Actually. in the origi nal 
script a lot of the movie tool.: pl,l(e 
in Monkey'~ l'ollective UIH:on -
scious. so it son of made more 
sense to ca ll it lil.l'ide Mllilkey 
Zetter/al/d. 

Well, I've always been a writer 
and I've always written short sto-
ries. I did a movie called The Ac-

Steve Antin and Sandra Bernhard deal with IHe in Jefery Levy's film Inside Monkey 
Zetteriand, which opens tomorrow. 

I grew up wi Ih 111 Y oldcr 
brother's friends and one of their 
nicknames was Monkey. and there 
was another guy whose last name 
wns Zetterland. so I just sort of put 
the two of them together. Ithink-
ing] it sounded like a catchy name. 
Were there any criteria 
for choosing such an 
eclectic entourage of ac· 
tors? Did you already have 
specific actors in mind for 
specific roles? 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

bj.iila 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance cOllers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN 9 am-7 pm 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

r--------------------

One for you ••• one for a friend! 

30 Tan Days $2999 
WolffBed~ 

L..--_________ _ 

Lose 6" in Two NO'urs 
GHrl.t_1 Wilh our European BodJ Wrap ~ $4 • . 

LCXQ at fQ;Kl 6' or you dClII'l pay. No exercite or dieting. You may rllducQ CQIk.JIilQ and 
·.,.RIM a TAN 
9Ot..D9I TRIANGl.f La Jolla 'Pacific Beach 
32S11-101iday Ct. 455-0952 581-9060 
acrcx .... lreet from EI T oriLo 

• "Pt. Lema 
224-9727 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 4 55-0909 ~" 'll""" d.",1< ~ ·r......", 10<:01""" "IIodj .. , .. Ioc.Uon ... ~",l """~h 01 .... I'rlI@dlaming\29.99. No d.IiIy 10fK. ~ a Ulcord mot ..... ., fOtJl.,1/d. P<t~ ono month l.ller , til9.99. ~a". with Chock j;IOO. 
L !:omo 'tKlrklion< ~ ..J 
--------------------------

MONDAY 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 
$2 pints aU night 

50. dop during the game 

See MONKEY, page H6 

TEARS FOR 
FEARS 

WITH SPECIAL GUEST 

JELLYFISH 
TUESDAY 
NOVEMBER 9 8PM 
eMe THEATRE 

~~ .[j] 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
/rour 3 pm-close. 
$2 pints on our 

BrewMuter Specials 
from 7 pm·dose 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew for ,5 

($3 with UCSD W) 
Refills 52 each I: every week 

from 7 pm-close 

Thursduy, November 4, 1993 The UCSD Guanlian 11£\'1' S :{ 

THIS WEEK 

to day 
Tom Cruise plays a lawyer caught 
in the clutches of TIre Firm, 
which shows at 6:30,9 nnd II :30 
p.m. in the Price Center Theatre. 
Tickets ure $1 in advance, $2 the 
day of the show. Info: 534-6467. 

George Clinton plays fu nk mu-
sic at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 9 p.m. Tickets are $22.50. 
Info: 481-9022. 

Happenstance will play origi-
nal rock at UCSD' s Porter's Pub 
from 8 to II p.m. Admission is 
free. 

friday 

AND 

8610. 

Cafe Cinema will present four films 
on Mexico's folk arti sts at 8 p.m. 
Documentary filmmaker Judith 
Bronowskl will be on hand to 
discuss her film . Admission is $8. 
Info : 236-9575. 

MIHo Masclarl. a contrabassist 
from South America. will perform 
in Mandeville Auditorium al8 p. m. 
Tickets for students are $7. Info: 
534-4830. 

saturday 
Mind Funk, Paw and Honey 
Glaze will play at Dream Street in 
Pacific Beach at 8:30 p.m. Ti ckets 
are $8. Info: 222-8131 . 

The Ysaye Quartet plays 
chamber music in Mandeville Au-

Sol Zim will perform "A Galaxy 
of Jewish Music" in Mandevi lle 
Auditorium at 7 p.m. Zim will per-
form Yiddish folk songs and 
cantorial chants. Tickets for stu-
dents range from $12 to $18. 1nfo: 
534-4559. 

tuesday 
The Cal-Animage Beta Chapter 
will present the subtitled Japanese 
animation films Ranma 1/2, 
Klmagure Orange Road 
and Pat/abor TV at 7:30 p.m. in 
Solis 107. Admission is free. 

Close to Eden shows in the 
Price Center Theatre at8 and 10:30 
p.m. Tickets are $1 in advance. $2 
at the door. Info: 534-,6467. 

wednesday 
ditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets for stu-

Haiti: Guanfllnamo I and" dents are $10. Info: 534-4090. 
will be shown as part of the Com-

Guillermo Gomez-Pena will 
read from and sign Warrior for 
Gringostroika: Essays. Perfor-
mance Textsalld Poetry at the Blue 
Door Bookstore in Hillcrest at7:30 
p.m. Info: 298-8610. 

mittee for World Democracy Po-
litical Film Series at 7 p.m. in Solis 
107. Admission is free. sunda y 
David Matlin, the author of HolY 
the Night is Divided. a novel about 
life in California in the '40s and 
'50s, will read from and sign his 
book at the Blue Door Bookstore 
in Hillcrest at 7:30 p.m. Info: 298-

Sheba Penner will read from 
and sign The Four Dimellsiolls of 
Paradise, a book which relates the 
Bible to everyday life, from 2 to 4 
p.m. at the Barnes and Noble Book-
store in Del Mar. Info: 481-4038. 

Vertigo and Radio Wendy 
play at the Casbah at 9 p.m. Tick-
ets are $5. Info: 294-9033. 

Howard Jones, who is on a 

a 
told 
you? 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231-8710 

A friend? ... 
Your sister? ... 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for sros and 

HI~ or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

We care about 
your health 
... spread the word. 

Plaoned Parenthood 
.f 1.1 lilll Claaty 

solo syn thesizer tour, will perform 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 9 p.m. Advance tickets 
are $16.50. Info: 481-9022. 

Catherine Bowman. a New 
York poet who recently published 
I -Boo-HOT-RIBS. will read from 
her work at 4:30 p.m. in the Geisel 
Room in the Central Library. Ad-
mi ssion is free. Info: 534- 1276. 

THEATRE 
Mandell Weiss Forum: Fac-
ulty member Steven Adler directs 
George Feydeau' s 1907 play "A 
Flea in Her Ear." The UCSD pro-
ducti on runs through Nov. 7. Per-
formances are at 8 p.m. today and 
Friday, 2 and 8 p.m. Saturday and 
7 p.m. Sunday. In fo: 550- 10 I O. 

North Coast Repertory: "The 
Real Inspector Hound" and "The 
IS-Minute Ham let," two plays by 
Tom Stoppard, will run through 
Nov. 7. Performances are at 8 p.m. 
Thursday through Saturday and (It 
2 and 7 p.m. Sunday. Tickets range 
from $14 to $16, and there is a $2 
discount for students. Info: 481 -
1055. 

Casa Del Prado Theatre: The 
San Diego Junior Theatre will 
present "Snow White" through 
Nov. 14. The company is com-
posed of students btween the ages 
of eight and 18. Performances are 
Friday at 7 p.m. and Saturday and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $5 to $7. Info: 239-8355 . 

GALLER IES 
Mandeville Gallery: "Lari 
Pittman : Pa i nting~ and Wor~~ on 
Paper." a collection of paintings 
by the Lm; Angeles arli~t, will be 
on display Nov. 6. The exhibit wi ll 
cominue through Dec. 12 . and a 
reception for the artist will be held 
on Saturday from 5 10 7 p.m. Gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free . Info: 53-1-21\6-1. 

San Diego Museum of Art: 
Prints by acdaimed American art -
ist Helen Franl.:enthaler will be on 
exhibi t through Del: . 5. Gallery 
hours are Tuesday through Sunday 
10 a.m. to 4:30 1'.111 . Info: 232-
7931. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Con tc111por;lry 'Ie\il:a n 
Wome n P;linter~" will be on di,-
play through Nov . 14. Gul kry 
hours (Ire 10 a.l11. to 5 p.l11 . Tues-
day through unday. Info: -154-
3541. 

Porter Randall Gallery: Pho-
tographs by Albert Chong will be 
on di ~ play through m ·. A. Chong 
focuses on personal mys t ieal be-
lief systems of Western Africa. 
Gallery hours are Tu esday th rough 
Friday 10 a.m. to 5 p.111 .. 110011 to 5 
p.l11 . Saturday. Info : 551 -XXS-I . 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: Photos by Sail Frall.:i~co 
photographer Li nda COil 11 01' are on 
display through Nov. 14. Info: 2J9-
8777. 

" .. .sheer virtuosity. " 
S.F. Examiner 

Nov. 18 &19 
THURSDAY & 

FRIDAY - BPM 
SPRECKELS 

THEATRE 
UCSD 

Box OFFICE 
534-6467 

~ZZ"'S7IIlI'r· 
-==='l"~=:~-:" 
.... /27 •• TIX. ~"-f' __ _ 



HIATUS 4 The UCSD Guardian 

CONCERTS 

Pearl Jam 
Anticipated concert at Civic Theatre lives up to expectations 

By Dan McDowell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Ther was no doubt the sold-
out crowd at the San Diego Civic 
Theatre Tuesday night was anx-
ious to see Pearl Jam. Once the 
stage was prepared for the Seattle-
based group' s set. every move-
ment put the crowd on edge. and 
even a stage hand received a 
screaming welcome as he ran to 
Illpe down the setlisl. 

When Pearl Jam finally took 
the stage. the entire audience was 
on its feet yelling madly. "Wel-
come to the theater, we're glad 
you came:' said lead singer Eddie 
Vedder. "The world's on fucking 
fire!" he yelled next. As ifoblivi-
ous to the fires ragi ng in Southern 
Cali fornia. the crowd cheered once 
again. and the band raced into the 

fas t-paced "Go" off the new al-
bum Vs . 

Wearing a large target on his 
tee-shirt. lead si nger Eddie Vedder 
led the band through the set . When 
notsinging. Veddertendedtowalk 
toward the drummer with his head 
down and back turned. seemingly 
attempting to escape the center of 
the small Civic Theatre stage. 
When Vedder was not in the spot-
light. gui tarists Mike McCready 
and Stone Gossard took over. and 
at one poi nt McCready played a 
solo with his guitar on top of his 
head. 

Between the songs "Whipping" 
and "Even Flow," Vedder, who 
once lived in Missio n Beach, 
asked, "So how many old friends 
do I have out thereT Half the 
audience screamed, and he repl ied, 

"I didn ' t know that many. People 
come up to me - ' hey Eddie, 
remember me from high school?' 
Hey, I' ve smoked a lot of pot since 
then." 

Even though the track has been 
over-exposed by MTV and 91X, 
"Jeremy" was one of the most in-
tense songs in the set. Vedder asked 
the audience to sing the chorus, 
and the band brought the song to a 
new level. The pain evoked by 
Vedder and the haunting guitar 
riffs played by McCready and 
Gossard made "Daughter" another 
highlight. Red light washed the 
stage while Vedder took his hands 
and covered his face in an almost 
desperate pose. When it was over, 
Vedder simply said, "Thanks." 

For the first encore, Vedder 
came out alone carrying a guitar 

and pl ayin g "The Kid s are 
Alright." The band rejoined him 
on stage and burst into angry ver-
sions of "Why Go" and "Once," 
from the band's debut album Tell. 
Vedder then stepped on the micro-
phone stand and hit it against the 
ground several times before fi -
nally bending it in half and throw-
ing it to the side of the stage. 

Atlheendoftheencore, Vedder 
grabbed his bottle of wine and 
said, "Thanks for coming. Take 
care of yourselves now. I worry 
about you." 

The band came out for one more 
song, "Indifference." The soft 
music and low lights created a 
sobering effect as Vedder reflected 
on the show: "I will scream my 
lungs ' til it fill s this room ... How 
much diffe rence will it make?" 

1993 NBC MILTON BRADLEY GAMES 
LATE NIGHT 
College Tour 

LATE NIGHT 
WITH CONAN O'BRIEN GAMES·PRIZES 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
V IDE 0 S 

---Contests 

WIN a trip for 2 to New York or Los Angeles to attend' a 
taping of an NBC Late Night Show! 
DETAILS AND ENTRY AT THE EVENT 

NOVEMBER 8 & 9 * 10 AM - 6 PM 
University of California - San Diego 

Price Center Plaza 
Sponsored by the UCSD Bookstore 

Thursda y No\'4'mlwl' £1, I C)C):i 

FUNK: Clinton 
has fresh new sou nds 
Continued from page H1 
name is) and experimental jazz 
musician Bill L~swell. 

The Laswell -produced so ng 
"Maxi mumisness" is one of the 
highlights on Hey Mall. Clinton 
addresses ph ilosophical questions 
with lines like "If bei ng is what 
it's aboutiI is max i 1l111I1li SIle~s" yet 
he never forge ts material l:o l1 siu-
erations like "the IUl11p~ in my 
gravy." 

The presence of his namesake 
in the White House has also in-
spired CI inton to indulge in pol iti-
cal sat ire. On "Paint The White 
House Black," Dr. Ore makes fun 
of the President' s objection th .. t 
hedidn't"in hale" when he smoked 
pot. Although Clin ton uses pro-
fani ty and is generally irreveren t. 
he doesn't evoke the same an !ago-
nistic views a ' "gangsta rappers." 
His carefree style and up-te mpo 
music is as refreshing and unique 
today as it was nearl y :10 years 
ago. 

Clinton will play at 9 p.m , to-
night at the Belly Up. For more 
information, I:all 481 -9022. 

TGUARDIAN 
ADVERTISEMENTS 
are just that. This 
means that all ads 
(including inserts), no 
matter what size, are 
paid advertisements 
and do not necessarily 
reflect the opinion of the 
Guardian, 

The UCSD Guardian 
newspaper is funded 
solely by advertising 
and does not receive 
funding by the A.S. or 
the university, 

Thursday, November 4, 1993 The UC D C liaNlian III N I' US .) 

MOVIE S 

Fatal Instinct 
Director Carl P piner~ latest film spoofs sexual thrillers 

By SUsan Bronzlnl 
Guardian Reporter 

If you appreciate the value of a 
bumper car police chase, Carl 
Reiner's new film Fatal Instillct is 
probably right up your alley. 

The film, a parody of the erotic 
thriller genre which spawned such 
hits as Fatal Attraction and Basic 
Illstillct, draws heavily upon the type 
of humor found in films such as Hot 
SllOtS! and Tile Naked GUll. It is filled 
with the requisite double-meanings, 
sexual innuendos and visual puns, 
Unfortunately, these are repeated so 
often that their humor begins to lose 
its impact the hundredth time around, 
and the scenes seem insipid rather 
than fresh and clever. However, some 
scenes are truly original and funny, 
making Fatal Instinct a fun, albeit 
mindless, film . 

The story centers around Ned Ra-
vi ne (Armand Assante), who juggles 
twocareersand three women. Ravine 
makes arrests as a police officer, then 
hands out business cards for his sec-
ond occ upat ion as a defense attorney. 

While he is busy working, his wife 
Lana (Kate Nelligan) is having an 
affair with their Mercedes mechanic 
(Christopher McDonald), and to-
gether they plgt to kill Ned for his 
insurance money. Lola Cain (Sean 

Courtesy of Steve Schapiro 
Sean Young, Armand Assante, Kate Nelligan and Sherilyn Fenn give 
comedy a try in Cart Reiner's FIIfJII Instinct. 

Young), a 111) ~[~riOLIs blol1d~ ha, the 
hots for Ned and I erll~e~ to ill:cept his 
rejec tions. While Lola and Lana are 
busy hunting him dowll, Ned finds <l 
devoted acllll irer in his ~ecretal y Laura 
(Sherilyn Fenn). II'ho ha~ \~cretly 
been in love \ ith him 

The P:lroJislil' ll:illIl\! 01 Fe/llIlllI-
Hill,.r rl!plt:'L'III' ;I d"l';lriurt' for 
Reiner. who I~ hL'lIel J..1l11""1l for di -
rec ting the c()l1letlie~ Olr God! anu A" 
o/Me, a~ well as 1m 1l1l1llL'1 ou~ Emmy 
A ward-win n ing telel I,ion LO llledie~ . 

One techn iquc R~i ncrc Illploys that 
di st inguishe~ thi~ spoof l rom ot lH!rs 
is lhat he UM!~ al:tor~ <;lIch ,,~ f\~,ante. 
Penn and Young. "hoare he't known 
for playing ~cli(lll\ role" 

Reiner", tealll SlIl'CCCLb 111 playing 
i I s tr~light , .lnti Ih" lllaJ..es 1'01 'Oint! 
genuinciy l:omll:aIIlHlltlent\. III aile 
scene. Lola IXll"Jde, aroulld \llggcs-
tively with u huge "lIld) wrapper 
stuck to the bottom (11 hel hi!:!h heel. 
deflating the el nl/I: eller!!) nil he ~I:e nt: 
while intlating ih I:omil: potential. 
The climax of the film COIne, in the 
final ~cene when all thrt'e womell 
come lip with difkl\'nt plans to dis-
pose of Ned 

If you're looklllg for ~oltle thing 
silly and can do without real suspense 
or ~llbstance. go with your Fatal lll ' 
S/iIlCI. 

A I T E ON THE HORIZON 

Alpha Theta is co~ing to V.C.S.D. in Ja.nuary! 
I' 
~ .. 

like to get to know you and talk with you about Kappa AJpha Theta. 
Look for our difplay to be set up at your Coll~ge 

between 'Now and November 14th. 

. For more information co.ntact Robyn Neal or Keri Pravitz at ,538-0791 
\~ , ~ 

Theta wants you! 



HIATUS 6 

AntT 

"el"sOIwi ( 'hula' -
('(/ui,~~ i::lir(/- -.-

The UCSD Guardian 

!?t:.~~z!,-t!L~:.!!C!.~~t:.~ C(/Ilin~ Cord t 

Introducing the new A1&T Personal Choice~ Calling Card. 
'I he A'I~' Personal Choice~ Calling Card is the only card that lets you select YOllr<M'll name or number Choose any 

oomhillatioll of ~Wll to 1lI1l' I llel'S ordigil'>. lise your IlIckn:Ulle. Your birthday. Yourtelephone number. Even the nam of a 
\)()}fncnd or gJrlfnend, (A\ long <1.\ you're not going tOW'tlntto forgctthem down the road.) 

\Vhat), more, you CUILC it 10 makecalb to or from almost anywhere and still getAl&r's low rates. 
'Ihe new A'INJ' Personal Choice Call i ng Card, 'Ihere's no easier W'tly to stay in tOllch. And no 

t,',l\iercard number to remember. hecallse you choose it. 
Call for your A'~' Personal Choice Calling Card today. and make a name for yourself. 
Dial 1 800654-0471, Ext 1440. 

ATlaT 

o 1991 AM 

20'1. DISCOUNT 
ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
.trSc. 7rlW'5 Master Mechanics e _ '':'~;-':'~. exclusively VW and AUDI .. 
5870 Miramar Road • 410-9484 

Air & Water Cooled· Maintenance Services· Air Conditioning • Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines • Gas & Diesel • Electrical • Clutches • Brakes • Valves 

Must present coupon lnd valid UCSO 10 .':':"'0 Not vahd w,th maJor eng,ne or 
tranSfTMSSlon repaIrs t,U Ilm~ o f ('Slimdle. ,II.&.\.. 

.-------I.:~~ 1------
""" .. -

Located in Itte Autoport Mall. Miramar 
Next Door to Discount life 

(lC"'IIES AT mE END OF FAll SEMESTER 1993 

Thursday November 4, 1993 

MONKEY: Cast 
includes cross-section 
of Hollywood stars 
Continued from paee H2 

Well, sort or'. A lot of the actors 
I previously' knew, so I went to 
them directly . I had thought of 
Katherine (Helmond) because she 
was my fantasy person to play my 
mother. 

We actually almost ended up 
with other people initially - like 
Ally Sheedy in the Patr icia 
Arquette part. Bo Hopkin played 
my father in the tirst movie I ever 
did . Isn' t that weird how he plays 
my father all these years later? We 
never anticipated combining all 
these actors and forming this very 
progressive cast. 
It seems as though the 
cast represents a woven 
quilt made from distinct 
cross-sections of Holly-
wood by including stars 
such as Sandra Bernhard, 
Sofia Coppola, Rickl 
Lake, Frances Bay, 
Martha Plimpton, Debi 
Mazar, Katherine Hel-
mond and Patricia 
Arquette. Did you all 
blend comfortably to-
gether? 

Everybody was reall y excited 
to work with everybody else. None 
of the actor had ever worked to-
gether. I was sort of the common 
denominator because I had. for the 
most part, worked with a lot of 
them and had introduced them to 
each other. We had no problems. 

But it's difficult to. make any 
movie. I mean , I don ' t think it's 
any more difficult than a lot of 
people's jobs and profess ions, but 
it 's a pretty grueling tive- to six-
week process. Everybody's under 
a lot of pressure . 
Do any distinct scenes or 
moments during the film-
Ing stand out in your 
mind? 

My favorite moment is when 
Ru pert (Everett) hugs Martha 
(Plimpton). the beautiful music 
comes on and then it goes to the 
living room and it's arol.,ld the 
family, the opera starts and the 
voice-over says something like. 
•· ... it should end with God. rain, 
the coupling of animals, the for-
gotten dove and a lonel y nation:' 
and Monkey stands up and sings 
and the camera goes out the win-
dow and tinds Sandra [Bernhardl . 
It' s wildly ironic and magical , 
funny , beautiful , really vain and 
just out there. 
Do you feel that the lives 
of these different char-
acters and the events 
that take place are com-
mon to the experience of 
all human beings or are 
they limited to life in Los 
Angeles? 

I think that there's something 
universal there. In every cou ntry , 
in every state. in every city. in 
every street and in almost 'every 
household , there are metaphors-
a martyr sister, an absent father. a 
legendary mother and a movie star 
brother. 

And it 's not literal; it's defi-
nitely a metaphor. I wanted to tell 
a story about my life experience. 
which is Los ngeles, bUI nlso a 
story about a lot of cliffe rent things 
- mainly the red car, extended 
family life and dysfunctional rela-
tionships, r wanted to make a 
movie that was magical and beau-
tiful. 


