
Elsewhere 
'Naked Guy' Gusted 
From UC Berkeley 
BERKELEY-The Naked 
Guy, a UCB junior who 
gained national attention last 
emester for his refu al to 

wear clothing to clas and 
around cllmpus, has been 
expelled'for refusing to wear 
"proper attire." Andrew 
Maninez had been tempo-
rarily uspended since 
November pending the 
outcome of a conduct hearing. 
He was informed of hi 
expulsion last Saturday. 
Maninez can appeal the 
deci ion to the vice chancellor 
of undergraduate affairs, but 
aid that he plans to sue the 

university for violating" orne 
kind of constitutional protec-
tion." 

Regents Approve 
Graduate Fee Hike 
RIVERSIDE - UC Regents 
recently approved the UC 
Riverside Graduate Student 
A ociation's bid for higher 
education fees. The fee increase 
wa approved unanimously by 
the regents, and will rai e GSA 
fee from $6 to $10 as of next 
quarter. Revenues from the fees 
will go toward office expense 
and tipend for new GSA 
officer po itions. In an election 
held last November, 64 percent 
of the tudents .voted for the 
increa e. 

Vletname .. Taught 
For Free at UCLA 
LOS ANGELES -In an effon 
to meet tudents wishes to see 
more Asian-language classes 
offered at UCLA, the College 
of Letters & Sciences is 
currently allowing registered 
tudents to take and get credit 

for extension classes in 
elementary Vietnamese free of 
charge. Students who take the 
cia s can look forward to 
having the $325 cost paid by 
the college. Student groups 
claim that a change in curricu-
lum is nece sary to meet and 
reflect the diverse student body 
at UCLA. 

Inside 
I 

HITIr 
HIATUS: Industrial and 
techno bands cross border to 
join forces in new CD. H1 
SPORTS: Swimming faces 
Division III dyna ty Kenyon 
College. 18 

Index 
CO·OP CRI I ....................... 2 
A. . MEETING NOTES ............ 3 
OPINION .............................. 4 
IUATU ............................. "1 
CLA IflED ........................ 8 

PORT .............................. 12 

UC SAN DIEGO 

, H. E 

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1993 

As the negotiation 
deadline looms the co-ops 
and administration are 
still worlds apart, but at 
least they are sitting down 
and talking . .. 

B Y 5 her y I W 0 leo t t, 5 e n lor 5 t a f f W r i t e r 

OME WILL TELL YOU THAT IT ALL STARTED WITH LAST YEAR 'S 
audits that re ulted in an attempt by the administration to ecure 
financial records by breaking into the General Store Co-op in the 
dead of night. Others may ay it began in 1989, when lease renewal 
negotiations broke down over installing university locks on the co-
ops' doors. Still others allege it has been going on since the co-ops 
set foot on the UCSD campu , 15 years ago. 

It is no secret that the student co-ops and the UCSD administration hi torically 
have trouble seeing eye to eye. 

"We're not asking for anything unreasonable at all:' said the administmtion 's 
lead negotiator, Director of Student Programs Lynne Peterson. "They're very 
forthright that they're political organizations, and they're political organizations 
before they're enterprises ... it makes it more difficult." 

"The co-ops have attempted to accommodate the administrcttion. The adminis-
tration hasn't moved at all," said co-op negotiator and Groundwork Books 
member Chloe Burke. 

See FACE, Page 2 

VOLUME 78, I UE 8 

UCB Chair 
To Assist in 
Co-op Talks 
GOVERNMENT: Board a1 0 
debates its position statement 
during Monday' meeting 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

The University Center Board (UCB) voted 
to grant UCB Chair Chris Burnett the authority 
to represent the board in the co-op negotiations 
as the Jan. 31 deadline for a settlement of the 
di pute draws near. 

The administration, co-ops, Associated Stu-
dent. Graduate Student Association (GSA), 
and UCB are all participating in negotiations to 
determine the fate of the student cooper..ltive~, 
which face eviction at the end of the month if 
no agreement is reached. 

Vice Chair Aaron Goodman was also as-
signed to represent the UCB at the negotia-
tions, but the power to sign any agreement was 
given solely to Burnett. 

In the negotiation , the UCB will seek to 
finalize the ceding of oversight of the co-op ' 
and the space they occupy in the Student Cen-
ter to the A. . and GSA, according to Fifth 
College representative Andrew Clark. 

The current General Space Agreementgives 
the UCB control over the use and allocation of 
space in the Price Center and the Student 
Center. 

"The power will be returned to the A.S. wld 
GSA, where [I think] it belongs," Clark said. 

According to UCB Chair Chri. Burnett, the 
UCB would like to join the A.S. and GSA in the 
co-op oversight committee if an agreement is 
reached. Burnett cited the UCB'sexperiencein 
dealing with the co-ops in the past as the reason 
he wanted them to be included. 

The board did not vote on two competing 
versions of the General Space Agreement 
drafted by Burnett and University Center Di-
rector Jim Carruthers. 

According to Clark, Carruthers' version 
directlycontradictstheargumentsintheboard's 
complaint filed in Superior Court last Novem-
ber, which eeks to challenge the university's 
contention that the UCB is merely an advi. ory 
body and is ubject to control of Vice Chancel-
lor of Undergraduate Affairs Joe Watson. 

Carruthersal 0 reassened the administra-
See UCB, Page 6 

Harassment, Derogatory Fliers Directed at Gay Awareness Week 
CRIME: Obscene phone call and anti-gay flyers mar 
the beginning of Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual celebration 

campus; we have retrieved most of 
them and have enl them to campus 
police," Lamben said. 

One of several versions of the By Albert Grabaldl 
Staff Writer 

Le bian, Gay and Bisexual 
Awareness Week got off to a rocky 
tan over the weekend with two 
eparate cases of harassment. 

full of obscenities and outrageous, 
vulgar comments," aid LGBA 
Chair Michael Lamben. The call 
cast an early shadow on the early 
activities of Gay Awarene s Week, 
which kicked off on Monday with a 
variety of workshops, seminars and 
guest speakers. 

flyer said "You know a homo? 
Well. .. I'm sorry!" Another flyer 
uggested that "alternative" 

lifestyles caused the AIDS epidemic. 

On Saturday evening, a 30-
minute obscene phone call was 
placed to the Lesbian, Gay and Bi-
sexual Association (LGBA) office. 
Recorded on the LGBA's answer-
ing machine, the phone call was 
reponed to campus police. 

"It was a half-hour phone call 

In another incident spawned by 
the commemoration week, a num-
ber of flyers were po ted on campus 
degrading existing posters circulated 
by the LGBA. "There were at least 
10 negative flyers spotted around 

The UCSD Police are reportedly 
investigating both the phone call 
and the flyers forpos ible violations 
of UCSD Student Conduct Codes 
and existing state laws. 

According to UCSD Student 
ConductCode ,'''Fighting Words' 
are those personally abu ive epi-

See LGBA, Page 6 

-\[[~F-l'S AP([lCT£.D. 
. T~AN~S ALOT UI AJ 
One of the anti-gay flyers 
circulated around campus. 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

I 1.1.1 II.!, I" I 
FACE to FACE: 
Co-ops and Administration Try to 
Talk Out Years of Animosity 
ContInued from page 1 

"The uni versity really thinks 
the co-ops are sinister," agreed 
fellow Groundwork member 
Loma Lucker. 

Jan. 31 is the latest in a series 
of deadlines set over the past year 
in an attempt by the university 
and the co-ops to achieve a 
peaceful co-existence on 
campus. The latest round of 
negotiation began 
yesterday and are 
scheduled to continue 
through tomorrow. 

According to Peterson, who 
recently took over the duty of 
representing the administration in 
co-op negot iations, "TIle univer-
sity has no choice after the IJan. 
31 ]. if there is not an agreement . 
to declare that we no longer have 
a relationship with them." 

However, co-op members are 
taking the deadline in tride. 
" ince 1985, once a year, every 
year. we've been given deadlines. 
This is ju t one more deadline. 
We take it seriously, but ... " said 
Lucker, who has been involved 
with the UCSD co-ops for seven 
years. 

Since November. 199 1. the 
universi ty has questioned the 
current fi nancial and accountabil-
ity practice of tile five co-ops 
(Groundwork Books, the General 
Store Co-op. the Food Co-op. the 
Che Cafe and the Recycle Co-op). 
demanding that the co-op define 
themselves as either au)(iliary 

enterpri~e or contm t vendors. 
The co-ops have long argued 

that nei ther definit ion uit them, 
say ing that au )( iliary status as a 
student organization under the 
financial umbrella of the univer-
. ity would give the university too 
much control over them and 
contract vendor status would force 
them to bid against outside 
commercial enterprises for space 
on campus, something they cannot 
afford. 

"IN FACT, 
it was quite weird 
for me the first 

time I stepped in 
and saw both sides 

sitting together 
talking. " 

MIKE HOLMES 
. . Prc;;idenl 

1lle current negotiation focu 
on a plan developed over the 
summer in which the Associated 
Student. the Graduate Student 
Association (GSA) and. to a lesser 
extent, the University Center 
Board (UCB) assume oversight of 

the co-ops, taking on some 
residual liability and making 
sure that the co-ops are 
serving the "best interests of 
students." Under this plan, the 
UCB will grant five-year 

master space agreements of 
Student Center facilities to the 
A.S. and GSA, who in tum will 
negotiate annual sub-space 
agreements with the co-ops. 

General PrlnclpI .. 
The fi rst step toward this 

resolution took place ju t before 
Thanksgiving, when the co-ops, 
administration and A.S. signed the 
"Basic Principles" document, a 
foundation for future negotiations. 
According to Burke. the co-ops 
igned "under duress" and 

are not entirely satisfied 
with the agreement. 

Burke aid the co-ops 
object to some of the tenns of 
the agreement. uch as not 
allowing the General Store Co-op 
to run a Textbook Co-op out of 
the Nonh Conference Room of 
the Student Center during the first 
few weeks of each quarter. 

In addition, Groundwork 
Books member Steve Dubb said 
he did not fee l ent irely comfon-
<Jble with the prospect of work ing 
under the A S. "The people who 
are serving on the AS. don' t have 
a realistic idea of how we 
operate," he said. "They're very 
set in bureaucratic ways .. . they 
think oversight means having all 
these rules. They 're confusing 
micromanagement with over-
ight." 

1lle intricacies of the "Memo-
randum of Understanding," 
another agreement based on the 
Bas ic Principle but much more 
pecifi c about the re ponsibilities 

of the co-ops. the admini tmtion, 
the AS .. the GSA and UCB, 
remain to be negqtiated by Jan. 
31. 

Autonomy 
All parties involved agree that 

the two major obstacles in the! way 
of re olution are the possibility of 
autonomy for the A.S. and GSA 
and the definition of the legal 
statu of the co-ops. 

By agreeing to oversight by the 
student govemments, which are 
currently not autonomous 
organizations, the co-ops' 
members voiced concern about 
exchanging one university 
authority for another. "It's very 
important that some model [of 
creating autonomy for the student 
governmentsJ be incorporated into 
the agreement," Burke said. 

While Peterson said she 
believe "the university is totally 

supponive of [the student 
govemments] becoming autono-
mou ," she said that autonomy is 
not pos ible before Jan. 31, as the 
A.S. and the GSA mu t research 
the feasability and re ponsibilities 
it will entail. 

"If [the co-ops) don't back 
down on [the issue of 
autonomyJ, we' re dead in 

the water because the A.S. 
cannOL promise to be 
~ autonomous by the end 

of January. That's not part of 
the agreement: it can't be," 
Peterson said. 

Dubb disagreed, noting that 
student govemments like 
ASUCLA have already worked 
out autonomy agreements that can 
serve as e)(amples for UCSD. 
"1llere are parallel to the A.S. 
and GSA on other UC campuses. 
1lley' re saying how difficult it is, 
but the steps are there," he said. 

A.S. President Mike Holmes 
said he sees the necessity of 
autonomy, but prefers the issue to 
be kept eparate from the Memo-
randum of Understanding. "If we 
are basically the uni versity and the 
university can step in at any time 
like they did last year, when we 
tried to allocate that $300 [to the 
co-op legal defense fund], then 
what ' the difference?" he asked. 

However, Holmes added, 
"Lynne Peterson is right, we can't 
do this by [Jan, 31J." 

up in our face and called it trash." 
Both Peterson and Holmes said 

that the task at hand is to answer, 
as Peterson put it, "Who are we 
dealing with?" Peterson said the 
confusion revol ves around 
who the co-ops prefer 
to make management 
and employment 
decisions, the individual co-
ops or the United Cooperative 
Association, an umbrella organi-
zation. 

Other conflicts include the role 
the A.S. and GSA will play in 
providing oversight and assuring 
that the co-ops are accountable to 
the tudenlS, whether the UCB's 
role is to extend beyond negotiat-
ing the Master Space Agreement, 
whether any history of the 
truggle between the co-ops and 

the university should be included 
in the Memorandum of Under-
standing and if the co-Ops will 
remain legally class i fied as for-
profit entities, as they technically 
are now. 

Regarding the issues of 
autonomy and the co-ops'legal 
status, Peterson said, " .. d be 
willing to say [that) if we can get 
these two issues resolved, and we 
operate under the Basic Principles. 
we're there." 

Holmes said he was "fairly 
confident" that a resolution could 
be worked out by Jan. 31. 

"Tf we can't hammer out an 
agreement, then there's a problem 

Legal Statu. with the people negotiating it," he 
1lle second major issue to be said. "Representing the A.S., we 

resolved defines the co-ops' legal feel this has to be it .. . If, for some 
latus on campus. reason the two parties - the 

In their proposed Memo- university and the co-ops-
randum of Understanding, can't work thi out with 
which has already been /" us, we ' re going to kind of 
rejected by the administra- >i\ throw up our hands and 
tion, the co-ops created a say 'Look, the A.S, can't 
new category for themselves. It do this any more. This is 
would have given the co-ops something only the co-
cenain privileges afforded student ops and the university can resolve 
organizations such as protection by themselves, obviously, '" 
from bidding competition from Holmes said. 
off-campus vendors while 
retaining control over their 
finances and internal organizarion, 
including payroll decisions. 

According to Burke, when UC 
General Counsel Joanna Beam 
read the co-ops' draft, she "held it 

Members of the co-ops 
expressed doubts that the deadline 
would be met, saying that if 
negotiations break down they 
expect to pursue their grievances 

Thunday, January 28, 1993 

against the university and tum to 
the students for support. 

"Unless the administration is 
willing to negotiate, not very 
much is going to happen," said 

UCB Chair Chris Burnett. 
Peterson was more 

optimistic about coming 
to an agreement, saying, 

the co-ops "must be tired too. 
I've got to believe they don't want 
to spin their wheels forever on 
this." But she also said that if the 
deadline is not met, the university 
will seek to evict the co-ops. 

"If it all falls apart, with all my 
heart, it's because of the co-ops, 
not the A.S.," Peterson said. 

Among the panies involved, no 
one can agree why it has taken 
over a year to reach a resolution. 

According to Burke, "it's 
because the co-ops didn't just roll 
over and die. The administration 
is the one that created all this. 
They would rather move in 
vendors that could make more 
money. The administmtion really 
wants to beat us down into a form 
that they can control," she said. 

"TIle co-ops are the strongest 
student organization on this 
campus, stronger than the A.S.," 
Burnett added. "TIle university is 
threatened." According to 
Peterson, the university has found 
negotiating with the co-ops 
difficult because "there's been a 
lot of stonewalling and sandbag-
ging," especially in attempts to 
investigate financial history. 

"Along the way there have 
been some changes in the co-op 
position which I think [the co-ops] 
understand and I think those 
questions have to be asked of 
them," said University Center 
Director Jim Carruthers. "To 
some point that is a little frustrat-
ing." 

"TIlere are a lot of different 
reasons and some of them have to 
do with personalities with both 
groups," Holmes said, "I think the 
overriding ~ is this whole 
history between the university and 
the co-ops," 

"In fact," Holmes added, "it 
was quite weird for me the first 
time I stepped in and saw the bod! 
sides sitting together talking," 

Thursday, January 28,1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Gay Couple Lectures About Marriage A.S. MEETING NOTES 
RIGH1S: Denial of 
marriage sparks couple's 
quest for equal treatment 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Staff Writer 

Guest speakers Craig Dean and 
Patrick Gill began UCSD's annual 
Lesbian. Gay and Bisexual Aware-
ness Week with a talk on same-sex 
marriage. 

ConstHutIon.a COIIYention By-law. - The A.S. referred new regulations 
for an A.S. constitutional convention back to the Rules Committee. Once 
passed, the regulations set up guidelines for redesigning the A.S, constitu-
tion. Such a redesign will probably take place later this year. 

ThIrd Col..,. l.eIIdenhIp BOIIId - Plans for the 1993 Third College 
Cultural Celebration were presented by Third College Chair Ruben Duran and 
Co-Chair Surafeal Asgedom. A request of $8,000 for Culture Quest was 
requested. The day-long event will include a street fair with food and 
merchandise booths, a children's section with arts and crafts. story-telling 
and llama rides . Two stages will showcase musical and dancing talent from 
around the world and an art exhibit. A decison regarding allocation of funds 
will be discussed at a later meeting. 

After being denied a marriage 
licenseinNovember,l990,because 
same-sex marriages are not speci fi-
cally authorized in the Marriage Act 
or the Human Rights Act, Dean and 
Gill filed a lawsuit against the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Dean claimed in 
an article that "by refusing to give us 
the same legal recognition that is . 
given to heterosexual couples, [the 
District) has degraded and devalued 
our relationship as well as that of 
every other gay and lesbiancouple." 

Pablck Gill (left) end CraIe Dean lectured Tuesday about their 
struaIe to cain a manlace lIc:ense In the Dlstrtct of Columbia. 

",.1C0IIIlI- Two artists are being considered for the contract for design 
and layout of the Koala logo. The council will see samples from both artists 
before selecting one for the graphic design job. 

Currently, no state in the United 
States will legally recognize same-
sex marriage. According to the 
Equal Marriage Rights Fund, a le-
gal defense fund fonned on behalf 
of same-sex couples, it is possible 
for gay couples to have a wedding 
ceremony, but without any legal 
benefits. Among these benefits are 
the right of both spouses to be on 
each others' health, disability, life 
insurance and pension plans, to re-
ceive tax exemptions and deduc-
tions, to jOintly own propeny and to 
be next-of-kin in the case of death, 
medical emergency or mental inca-
pacity. 

"We want 100 percent of the 
marriage rights," Dean said. 

Dean claims that the District of 
Columbia has violated its gender-
neutral marriage law, as "nowhere 
does it state that marriage must con-
sist of a man and a woman or that a 
married couple may not be of the 
same sex." 

He also said that it violates the 
Human Rights Act because " it ex-
plicitly prohibits discrimination 
based on sexual orientation." It is 
under this act that "every indi vidual 
shall have an equal opponunity to 
participate in the economic, cultural 
and intellectual life of the District 
and to have an equal opportunity to 
participate in all aspects of life," 
Dean said. 

"Marriage is not about the pro-
creation of children ... it is about the 
creationoffamily. People talk about 
gay and lesbian couples as being 
non-traditional families, yet I was 
brought up in a family that pro-
moted ... the same values of love, 
respect [and) commitment," Dean 

ON SERVICE" REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's 
•. 1DW5 Master Mechanics • . 

exclusively VW and AUDI 

8870 Miramar load • 410-1494 
Air & Water Cooled • Maintenance s.vlcaa • Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
RebuHt Engines· Gas & Diesel • Eleetricsl • Clutch ... Brakes • Valv .. 

locded In !he Autoport Mall • MI/OITIOI 
Next Door to Discount Tie 

EXPIRES 3/20193 

• a 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LISTI 

between 
Blockbuster 

and 
Anthony's 

4130 La Jolla Village Drive-formerly Penguin's 
r-----T-----'-----, I Koala's I Walkabout I FREE I 
: Glace : Sundae : Topping : 
I 49. I $1 49 I with purchase I I ~ I I ofan~small I 
I Just 10 calories I I medium, or I 
I per ounce! I I large I 
I Nolvalidwilhany_ I NoI validwill1any_ I Nolvalidwill1 ... y_ I oIfor. One ptf ponon. 0li0<. One ptf _ 0/100-. One prr ponon. 

Expino 2128"3. • Expire 2/28"3. .1 Expinl2/ Z8193. 

----_ .. _---- -----

said. AppoIntment. 
In another article, Dean wrote 

that6.1 percent of American society 
is made up of gay and lesbian fami -
lies with children, according to the 
American Bar Association. 

- David Kim as A.S. Extemal Executive Lobby Director 
-Nick Endres as A.S. External Local Area Lobby Director 

- Complied by Rltu Saxena, Staff Writer 

"Some say that gay marriage is a 
threat to the family , yet the opposite 
is true. The lack of abiliry to marry 
is a threat to our families. Why 
should [these familiesJ be denied 
the advantages and protections 
g.ranted to other families?" Dean 
asked. 

Since the original filing, the 
couple has faced numerous hear-
ings and coon appearances. A judge 
ruled against them in June of 1992, 
after which an appeal was filed . 

They face a hearing sometime 
during this summer, and an actual 
decision is expected in 1994, Dean 
and Gill hope that their ~ase, if won, 
will serve as a model for the rest of 
the Unhed States. 

Their case has received much 

national publicity, resulting in radio 
broadcasts, newspaper anicles and 
television appearances. 

" It was a coming-out process to 
America at large," Gill said. Dean 
added that they have encountered 
serious incidences of discrimina-
tion, which in tum gave them the 
motivation to stand up for what they 
believed in. 

"We saw no honorable altema-
tive but to pursue it. .. because if we 
didn ' t, we would be agreeing ... with 
some dysfunctional notion of our 
society that somehow gay and les-
bian relation hips don ' t deserve the 
same protections or are less valu-
able than straight relationships. We 
had to at least try," he said. 

APPAREL ZONE 
l' actory Outfet C[otfiing Stores 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

EVERY DAY 
Name brands it"lude: 

- EXPRESS 
-TWEEDS 
• GENERRA COLLECTION 
• VICTORIA'S SECRET 
• and many other name brands 

too low in price to mention 

e Miramar 

Dean added that fundumentall y, 
it has been a battle for rights. ' 'The 
issue is truly a civil rights issue ... 
they don't have to change the law as 
it already stands. All they have todo 
is honor it. 

"We may be different in the way 
of whom we love. but we are not 
different as humans." 

ERRATUM 
In the Jan. 19 edition of the 

Guardian, in the artic1eentitled "Stu-
dents Protest Budget Cuts." Muir 
College student Nick Endres was 
incorrectly identified. 

" _APPAREL./ 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 450-3323 
e Pacific Beach 

931 Garnet 483-5150 
eSDSU 

6663 El Cajon Blvd. 460-4370 
e Escondido 

Escondido Promenade 737-6167 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRiES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

me vcso G~"""" II llUbllSI>ed twiCe • _ .1"" unovoralty 01 Call1,,,",l. san 000lI0. Con""'I' 
Cll993. Vi<lws u",essed herein reprol""''''' majority \001. 01",. editO<fal _",. and ort nol 

neu ... nly thoSe oIlhe UC Bolm 01 Recants. the ASUCSO. "'" 1he on1Jre Gu.""." SIAIt!. 

Aguila-, carruthers Are In 
No Way Above the Law 

The thought that UCSD students could be arbitrarily accused by 
a university administrator of acrime that they clearly did not commit 
i appalling. Even more frightening i the thought that University 
Special Services would file charges against a student without first 
checking to see if there is a shred of evidence to suppon the 
accusation. Amazingly, however, this exact cenario recently hap-
pened to University Center Board (UCB) Chair Chris Burnett. 

Last June. the UCB voted to allow the Geneml Store Co-op to sell 
books in the North Conference Room in the Old Student Center, a 
vote that was later vetoed by the admini tration. In September, 
however, members of the co-op set up the textbook store in the 
conference room anyway, much to the chagrin of university admin-
i trators who accused the co-op members of entering the room 
illegally. Burnett was charged with trespassing, damaging univer-
sity property and disobeying a university order. 

There was only one problem with all of this - Burnett was 
nowhere near the North Conference Room at the time it was 
occupied. That fact has been verified by Revelle College Dean Ernie 
Mort, who wa pre ent when University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers ordered the co-op members to vacate the room. Mort, 
who was in charge of pursuing the allegations, dismis ed the case 
against Burnett as a result of insufficient evidence. 

According to the memo accusing Burnett, Carruthers was cited as 
filing the complaint. The charges were brought by Director of 
Student Policies and Judicial Affairs Nick Aguilar, who is respon-
sible for deciding if there is enough evidence to warmnt filing 
charges against a student . Clearly, Aguilar failed in his dutie - the 
lack of evidence to support charges against Burnett is laughable. 
Apparently, Aguilar took Carruthers' word for it that Burnett was 
present al the incident without bothering to verify the a cusation. 

Thi entire incident is nonhe result of a clerical mistake or a case 
of bureaucratic in ompetence - it is, by all appearances the result 
of university administrators subverting the judicial process in order 
to harass or intimidate a tudent with a history of being a thom in their 
side. On Nov. 16 oflast year, the UCB filech;uit against the university 
to gain access to funds for independent legal counsel. The negotia-
tions between the co-ops, of which Bumett is a highly vocal 
advocate, and the admini tration are langui hing, The timing of 
these charge against Burnett implies that admini trator wanted to 
"remind" him to stay in line or face the consequences. 

Bumett is filing a complaint against Aguilar and rightly so, The 
judicial system on this campus is set up to preserve a modicum of 
order, not to serve a a tool for intimidation to be used at the whim 
of the administrators who oversee the judicial process. 

A.s. Votes its Pocketbook 
TIle vote have been counted in last week' ballyhooed special 

election -all 424 of them (so obviously, the counting didn't take all 
that long). Three percent of the eligible undergraduate population 

Some simple 
math ••• 

bothered to tum out for the vote, 
which is not terribly surprising, as the 
amendments and referenda at stake 

A breakdown of the special could hardly be described as burning 
election's cost: is ues of the day. 

~.,.. • I" - It' 
"'Ii ~, .. " 
(( '" 

After considering that this special 
election cost the Associated Students 
$3,000, omequick math reveals that 
the A.S. spent $7.07 per voter. Any 
way you look at it. the pecial elec-
tion was a colo sal waste of time and 
money. 

For $7.07 a head, the A.S. could 
have treated each voter to a matinee 
of A/aMi II and still had enough money 
left over to buy everyone a tub of 
popcorn. That same amount of money 
will buy you a hearty lunch at. the 
Price Center or a hearty lunch and 

dinner at the Food Co-op. For $7.07. the 424 who voted would have 
enough laundry money to do their wash on coin-operated machine 
for a good month and a half. 

Do these comparisons seem rather silly and pointless? The 
answer i yes. Unfortunately, 0 wa la t week' pecial election, 

The UCSD Guardian Thursclay, January 28, 1993 

OF AL GoRE, SPECIAL 
ELECTIONS AND CHIIJI FRIES 

COMMENTARY: Adrift and alone in the American Desert, it is time to ponder 
one of the great mysteries of life - What is the purpose of the Koala's existence? 

Notes in the American Desen. 
One week into the Clinton presi-
dency. No disasters - yet. 

thousand dollars better spent on interesting events, tal-
ented bands, or - miracle of miracles - beer at TGs. 
They srill have those, don't they? 

BEN 

BOYl:HUK 

• President William Jefferson 
Clinton said he wanted hisnewcabi-
net to look like America. If so, then 
the callow Chief Executive has a 
strange i~ about what America 
actually looks like. Of the 18 cabi-
net-level appointees, 14 ofthcm arc 
lawyers ... 

TIle alternative media survey was also somewhat 
interesting, though a bit suspicious. The outcome of the 
poll is not supposed to affect media funding, but that is a 
promise sure to be broken if money gets any tighter and 
the student activity fee i not allowed to meet the burden 
of inflation. Be that as it may, the poll answered many 
questions and raised a few in tum. It revealed once and for 
all that of the 424 students who happened to vote. most of 

• Vice President AI 
Gore, no doubt pay-
ing homage to his 
much-reviled prede-

ce sor, was given a history Ie son befitting 
a man in his office. Touring Montecello, 
the fonner home of Thomas lefferson, 
Gore ran across a marble bust depicting an 
apparently unfamiliar dead white guy. 
"Who i this over here?" a puzzled Gore 
asked the landmark's curator. TIle curator 
replied, "Urn, that's George Washington," 
A momentary lapse for Mr. Gore, surely, 
who i the product of Washington D.C.' 
exclu ive private school , a graduate of 
Harvard and holder of a 1.0 . from presti-
gious Vanderbilt University Law School. .. 

• TIle Associated Students held an elec-
tion last week, in which vitally important 
issues such as the number of constitutional 
amendments allowed on the spring ballot 
and the make-up of college senators were 
resolved at long last. Students can now rest 
easy knowing that the tudent advocate 
will suppo edl Y be accountable to the stu-
dents as an elected official, breaking the 
long tradition of corruption and influence 

Touring 
MonteceIIo, the 
,.....homeof 
1homM 
..."...,aore 
....acra ••• 
........ bust 
cIepIctiIII& • 
.........tIy 
unf ........... 
white Pr. MWho 
Is""'ov. 
her.?" • 
p"zzIed Gore 
8Ikedthe 

peddling that no doubt existed when the ...... wk'. 
office was merely appointed, Score one CUI'III.or. the 
more for democracy. 

Most interesting about the election was 
the outcome of the alternative media read-
ership poll and the exorbitant cost of the 
election itself. To the surprise of no one, 
voter turnout was pitifully low. A little over 

curator repled, 
MUm,a..t' • . 
CIeoIie 
WI' .......... " 

them do not read Han Min Jok. Some read 
Abbdabbs (34), more read the California 
Review (97) and a few more read the new 
indicator (104). TIle largest number, 318 
students. reponed reading the Koala at 
least once a quarter. 

I think a more interesting question would 
have been, "Which of the following media 
do you read at least once a quarter and 
enjoy?" Had that been the case, I suspect 
the Koala and Han Min Jok would have 
much more in common ... 

• The new Triton Pub, re-christened 
Poner' Student Pub, opened on Thurs-
day, Jan.14 with a bang. The proprietor, 
Rob Poner, is a recent Fifth College gradu-
ate and appears to understand the wants of 
his patrons. 

Although claustrophobes might think 
twice about squeezing through this new 
pub's doors, the atmosphere is much more 
hospitable than the comparatively terile 
Bullseye Tavern. I like it because it is 100 
yards away from my office. I offer but one 
suggestion to Mr. Ponerto make his fledg-
ling tavern the perfect student hang-out: 
Chili Fries ... 

• The Women' s Resource Center went 
up in a puff last week, repot1edly the result 
of violent internal divisions. At the time of 
this writing, the Studem Center is aflutter 
with all sons of rumors about the future of 
UCSD's favorite women's collective. 
Some have specUlated that the center will 
re-form as a loose confederation of 

400 students made the jaunt to the poll . What is most 
disgusting, however, is the cost - $7.07 for each ballot 
cast, to be precise, for a grand total of $3000. Three 

women's groups. I hope so.TIlecampusju rwouldn't be 
the same without them ... 

See NOTES, Page 5 

Thur day, January 28, 1993 

NOTES: Awomen's 
center dies, a pub is born, a 
vote is taken, and so it goes 
Continued from pace 4 

• Indeed, where would UC Davis have been 
without its o~n contingent of radical fern inists? 

Recently, the campus chapter of the Na-
tional Organization of Women (NOW), in con-
cen with a coalition oflike-minded guardians of 
the political OnhodOll;y, caused quite a ruckus 
over a member of the A.S. Executive Council 
who refused to tow the politically correct line. 

Councilrnember Andy Pugno had the audac-
ity to vOle in favor of maintaining the ROTC on 
campus, and against establi hing a Sexual As-
ault Adv isory Board, raising howls of indigna-

tion from the local rabble-rousers and com pas-
ion fascists. A long, bitter controversy ensued, 

culminating last week with a special election to 
detennine whether or not to recall the hapless 
Pugno. 

The students, in a remarkable display of 
decency and clear-thinking, soundly defeated 
the recall effon, with 72.5 percent supponing 
Pugno. 

Pug no was a good pon about the whole 
thing. "All tudents, liberal or conservative, can 
appreciate the need for diversity of thought," he 
said. "Most students do not buy into political 
correctness and that is largely what this recall 
was about," 

. ... Tell that to students al UC Berkeley. 
Already drowning in a flood of propaganda 

flowing from the ongoing graduate student strike, 
Berkeleyites had their political outlook decided 
for them by the esteemed, if slightly presumptu-
ous, Daily Californian. Last November, the 
editors, in a highly usual move reeking with 
political motives of the foulest son, voted to 
overrule their advenising manager and reject a 
12 -page advenising insen from Berkeley's Stu-
dents for Life. The decision caused such a furor 
that it attracted the attention of the Wall Street 
JOllrnal, which lambasted Daily Cal Editor in 
Chief Virginia Matzek for desecrating the spirit 
of the First Amendment. 

Responding to this rhetorical crucifixion, 
Matzek wrote in the Dec. 2 edition of the Cal: "If 
you're a typical Daily Cal reader, y6u're prob-
ably pro-choice, and you're definitely savvy 
enough to recognize an outright attempt to 
mislead you." 

But, she neglected to add, apparently not 
savvy enough to recognize a paid advenisement 
when they see one, nor di verse enough to chef-
ish any opinion other than that of the pro-choice 
crowd. 

In her defense, one of the reasons stated for 
rejecting the ad was because it looked too much 
like actual new paper copy. Fair enough. Why 
not then simply stipulate, as most new paper 
do, that the ad bear a "paid advenisement" label 
at the top of each page? 

1 suspect the real reason for not running the 
Student's for Life insen has something to with 
what Matzek says after she makes hertoo-close-
to-the-real-thing argument. "It didn ' I help much 
that this ad was full of what - in my opinion -
were questionable statistics and graphic, alarm-
ist text and photos," she writes. Opinion belongs 
in the.opinion pages, where there is a desperate 
need for such novelty points of view. 

The moral of this story? In Berkeley, even 
paid speech isn't free 

Guard ... Writers' 
Meeting 
• All Writers 

• All Sections 

• Mandatol)'! 
Tonight, Jan. 28, 5 p.m. 

The Guardian Office 
Call 5346580 for more details 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMWENTARY: Gas-guzzling automobiles may be an intrinsic part of the "American 
dream," but they've already driven this nation to the brink of an ecological disaster 

ON THE ROAD TO EXTINCTION 
Now that commu-

nism is all but dead, con-
servatives have gone in 
search of new enemies. 
Lately they've focused 
in "with laser-like inten-
ity" on conservationists 

as public enemy num-
ber one. With the com-
ing derote about a pr0-
posed gas tax, we will 
soon be treated to some 
truly gruesome displays 
of institutionalized i~ 
rance. 

During the presidential campaign, Dan 
Quayle said AI Gore's book Eanh ill rile 
Balance was "pretty bizarre stuff." George 
Will wrOle that Gore's environmental ideas 
were "embarrassing," while Rush Limbaugh 
weighed in against "tree huggers." George 
Bush himself soon jumped in, mocking Gore 
as "Mr. Ozone Man." 

The ideas of Gore which most horrified the 
reactionary right were his plan to upgrade 
automobile fuel efficiency by 12 miles per 
gallon by the year 2000, and his dream of 
eliminating the internal combustion engine 
within 25 years. 

Now, conservatism and conservation have 
the same root - the Latin word conservare, "a 
careful preservation and protection of some-
thing." You'd think conservatives would get 
the connection and realize that conserving the 
future and protecting gas-guzzling cars arc not 
compatible. Butconservativesseem interested 
in protecting their own greed - living out 
Will Rogers' prophecy that Americans would 
"drive to the poorhouse in an automobile." 

Last fall 1 looked out my window east of 
UCSD and watched bulldozers turning huge 
tmcts of canyon land into a parking lot. I 
walked east and saw hills, once covered with 
desen vegetation, now being paved over for 
industrial sites where the parking lots took up 
10 times as much space as the buildings. 

It doesn ' ttake a genius to see - the future 
of the "American dream" we are fighting to 
expon is a global parking lot. If the re t of the 
world adopted our lifestyle, there would be 
over four billion oil-driven vehicles. There's 
just not enough asphalt, oil and metal to repli-
cate our drive-in society worldwide. Do we 
really think that if we can give every town in 
the world a McDonald ' and every f:tmily a 
two-car garage, that America will have ful-
filled its destiny, and the world can enter the 
new millennium in a free-market utopia? The 
ongoing oil-spills. air pollution and Gulf Wars 
that plague us should have wamed us that we 
arc not living within our means. 

The American auto-dream is a planetary pipe 
dream. With four percent of the world's popula-
tion, we drive 36 percent of its cars. Our national 
obsession with the automobile is a symplom of 
perpetual adolescence. When Mom and Dad 
threaten to take thecaraway, we throw a tantrum. 
We can no longer think it a riglu for every man, 
woman and t.een to move around encased in two 
tons of gas-guzzling steel. 

Everyday transit of people must increas-
ingly rely on more efficient means of mass 
transit such as high-speed rail. The cars that we 
do continue to drive, in the long run, are going 
to have to be powered by other means: ethanol, 
solar energy, etc. Otherwise a thousand 
Kuwaits await us. 

Gore envisions the creation of more cost-
efficient "infonnation superhighways. " Infor-
mation superhighways, Gore writes, "would 
link supercomputers, work stations and 'digi-
tal libraries' to create 'co-laboratories' and 

make it possible for people to work together 
despite being in different locations." While 
this may sound bizarre to orne, our nation is 
already moving rapidly from a society which 
trades in manufactured goods to one that trades 
in electronic infonnalion. The explosion of 
fax machines is just one example of lhis trend. 

Simply put, inforn1ation is much easier to 
move than bodies. Increased reliance on infor-
mation superhighways will allow more people 
to bypass rime-consum ing stressful commutes. 
Given more time at home, people can redis-
cover their children, bicycles and a sense of 
local community. (It can be done - I've lived 
without a car for over 10 years, travelling 
mainly by bicycle and laptop). 

Now. to help pay for upgrading our trans-
ponation system and other necessi ties, the 
Clinton team is floating the trial b.'\lloon: rais-
ing federal gas taxes by 50cenls n'gallon. Each 
extra cent of gas tax would bring in :tn esti-
mated $1 billion in revenues. 

This must be seen in a larger context: Even 
with a 50 cent hike. we would still be paying a 
fraction of what Europeans pay. Their taxes 
average about $3 per ga llon, compared to 14 
cents in federal gas taxes in thiscounrry. While 
we shudder 3tthe thought of paying $1 .75 per 
gallon, Europeans are already paying up to $5. 

As a re ult. Europeans have extensive mass 
transit systems -the same option we could 
have in place if not for our refusal to think 
through our oil addiction. Europeans are al-
ready driving the high-efficiency cars that 
Reagan-Bush resisted so vehemently. And 
this policy ,though often initiated by socialists, 
has the suppon of con ervatives, who ee gas 
taxes as good energy conservation policy, not 
an ideological bone to pick. 

Thinking that we can pave the planet with 
freeways and parking lots is the really bizarre 
stuff. In a world of over five billion people, we 
can no longer let them get away with murder. 
Better to pave the world with "infonnation 
superhighways" and leave some space for our 
children to grow in. 

ATHEIST SHOULD THINK BEFORE NEXT CONFESSION 
Editor: 

This letter is in response Damen Scmnton 's 
commentary ("Confessions of an Atheist," 
Ian. 21). I would like to take this opportunity 
to remind Scranton that it was not the Chris-
tians who initiated thi dialogue. It began with 
an article by a contributing writer who de-
clared that the Bible did not specifically op-
pose the practice of homosexual intercourse. 

Theanicles that were written subsequently 
were, in fact, intended to show the writers, by 
quoting the Bible specifically, that the Bible 
does, in fact, specifically condemn this prac-
tice. It was only after these Christians' re-
sponses that the dialogue ensued. 

Clearly, the Christians who responded to 
the initial article were acting to correct an error 
in the conclusion of the author's anicle and not 
trying to capriciously anack an innocuous 
group of individuals in print. 

In fact, many people seem to have taken 
this opponunity to propagate the culture of 
victimhood by pointing an accusing finger at 
those individuals who responded in an attempt 
to clear up a misconception. 

I, like most Christians I know, have no 
intention of going into someone' s bedroom to 
check what they are doing. However, when 
organizations like the Boy Scouts arc having 
cenain groups trying to ram their agendas 
down their throals (no pun intended), we have 
to question whose rights arc being taken away. 

Richard Marymee 

. Editor: 
I could write a long leaerconceming Damen 

Scranton's commentary except that it doesn't 
merit a long response. 

READERS' 

FORUM 
110eGuanlian ,...ltOmes fenelS from lIS readels.AllfeRelS ""'Slbe 
110 lOneer Ulan UlIII6 ~s, !)!led. c1outJ/fN;paced III!d signed. We 
reserve rile ~I ro eon f()( lerwrn and clarl(y. Send IlII leiters roc 

Tl1e Guardl!W\ 
Opinion EQI!Or 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92CJ93.0316 

It would seem that his only knowledge of 
religion derives from media images, historical 
generalities and his own unhealthy experience 
in the Catholic church. By parroting concepts 
that sounded ve.ry new and rebellious 30 years 
ago and by harping on typical worn-out ste-
reotypes of religious believers, he succeeds in 
becoming a stereotype himself. 

For a person who is idyllically without 
"feelings of haIred or resentment toward any-
one in this entire world," he is surprisingly 
unhesitant to insult and make light of anyone 
whose beliefs deviate from his own. I am 
confused as to how making abstract references 
to Catholics as "a people who have been at the 
root of so much conflict and bloodshed through-
out the years," and using phrases such as 
"those damned Hindus" and "those pesky 

Jews" can be perceived as not hateful. 
I am also unclear as to how he can con-

sciously make the statements, "religion ~eems 
to represent the bollom line when it comes to 
a person's being," and "[Religion] is a source 
of strength and .. . belief that tran~cends time, 
space and thought. Religion is lruly an intri-
cate pan of life," and simultaneously blun 
that, "religion is a crock." 

Scranton generously admits the value of a 
human being's right to life. What remains in 
question is a human being's right to believe in 
anything that Scranton does not agree with. 
'''Those who feel ," he states, "that.. . they have 
a right to devalue the lives of other human 
beings by berating them, condemning them or 
even re enting them need to sit down and think 
about it for a moment." 

As for the GI/orc/ion itself, this is the last 
time I will deign to peruse its pages. I would 
question any newspaper which considers the 
statement "a big pile 0' dog doodoo" a valid 
form of criticism. 

John Sweeney 

Editor: 
Damen Scranton has misinformed many 

people on the subject of atheism. Atheism is 
not the lack of a religion; it is the belief that 
there is no God. 

J suspect he is not a real atheist. He did use 
the phrase "God almighty," but did not give 
any evidence to suppon the opinion that God 
does nOl exist. People who believe in God are 
religious, people who don't are atheist, people 
who aren't sure are agno tic, but Scranton 
appears to be one of the people who don 'tcare. 

David Wasserman 



6 NEWS 

WHAT DO 
SAN FRANCISCO, BERKELEY, 

PHOENIX AND TUCSON 
HAVE IN COMMON? 

BUFFALO EXCHANGE! 
VOTED IN EACH CITY AS "BEST USED CLOTHING STORE·· 

NOWIN 
P.B. SAN DIEGO 

CASH FOR CLOTHES 
AlL DAY, EVERYDAY 
MEN'S & WOMEN'S 
CONTEMPORARY 

ONEOFAKIND 
LEATHER 
VINTAGE 

JEANS 

~u'fa'-O . ~ 
IlAYGlJNIDWj,S r IlEWTlIIES, PHOEIIIX 
EXI'I6S.IEMLfY TWiQIIMBQ.Y 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 
B&L Soh Spin B&L l().l 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas pcml. hard Baby blue. haLcl & 
P.r'p<m, O~ cmerald , green 

• Prof ••• lo .. al S.rvlc. 
• Quality Er.car. 
• R.a.o .. abl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
393R Adam, Ave. 

ORBEY'S 

The UCSD Guardian 

LGBA: Awareness 
week marred by 
flyers and phone calls 
ContInued from .... 1. 
thets which .. . [are) likely to pro-
voke a violent reaction whether or 
not they actually do so. Such words 
include, but are not limited to. those 
tenns widely recognized to be de-
rogaloryreferencesoorace,ethnicity, 
religion, sex. sexual orientation. dis-
ability and other personal character-
istics." 

Students charged with violations 
of the conduct codes may l)e subject 
to suspension and criminal proceed-
ings. 

Ironically, the events preceded a 
seminar on hate crimes which took 
place Monday afternoon. About 20 
people attended the seminar. 

WE'LL HELP 
YOU EARN 

S!!tIOOFOR ~LLEGE. 
Now the Army can 

help you earn more than 
ever before for college, 
if you qualify ... up to 
$25,200 with the Mont-
gomery G[ Bill Plus the 
Army College Fund. 

This could be the per-
fect opportunity to earn 
the money you need for 
college and d velop the 
Qualitie that will help you 
succeed once you get 
there. For more informa-
tion, call your local Army 
Recruiter. 

(619)569-7878 

"Many times hate crimes are not 
reported because victims take some 
abuse as the norm when they choose 
a certain lifestyle," said Karen 
Marshall, administrati ve director of 
"The Center," a lesbian and gay 
men 's community center. 

As defined at the seminar, a hate 
crime includes any act, physical or 
verbal, instigated by hate, that threat-
ens the safety of the victim. 

"These crimes must be stopped. 
and the way to stop them is to report 
them immediately after they occur 
so that there will be official statistics 
to support the obvious groWJh of 
hate crimes," said Moksha Todd, 
coordinator of the center's Anti-
Violence Project. 

A number of infonnation pack-
ets were distributed to the group 
demonstrating how to report a hate 
crime and the guidelines used by 

VCB: Burnett to 
represent board in 
C<HlP negotiations 
ContInued from PICe 1. 
tion 's opinion that the board has no 
right to retai n independent legal 
council. and he warned the board 
members that they may be person-
ally liable for the legal costs that 
they incur during the negotiations. 

The board also debated approv-
ing a position statement prepared by 
GSA representative Steve Dubb in 
their Monday meeting but postponed 
voting on the proposition. 

Also before the board is a pr0po-
sition to publish this proposal in the 
Guardian. 

"It's important to make a consci-
entious effort to keep the people 

Thursday, January 28, 1993 

police in their investigations of hate 
crimes. 

Around UCSD, sentiment to-
ward awareness week met with var-
ied amounts of support. 

.,\ see no problem with it. Every-
one has the right to be whatever and 
do whatever they please and no one 
should be allowed to interfere with 
a peaceful celebration," said War-
ren College sophomore Steve 
Giadrone. 

Not all sentiment was positive, 
however. 

"Is their life led by choice, or is it 
biologically or psycholog!cally dic-
tated? 1 think that the homosexual 
community need[s) to form a con-
sensus about this, which so far they 
haven't. before they can expect a 
positive recognition from society," 
said a Warren student who asked 
not to be identified. 

aware." Third College representa-
ti ve Erin Hemmings said of the pr0-
posal. 

The statement outlines the 
board's argument with the adminis-
tration over outside legal counsel 
that lead to the complaint filed in 
Superior Court last November. 

However, some members of the 
board disagreed with the statement. 

" Most of the positions [in the 
statement) are self-serving to the 
co-ops," Goodman said during a 
recess. 

HI don't think the entire student 
body is getting a fair representation 
of the issue. For the most pan, [the 
statement of position) is propa-
ganda." 

The board will debate the issue 
again and hopes to vote on the pro-
posals next Monday. 

r----~=·UCSD -~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I: ~-;'~rn!!~~~~Y* 
EAp,2/ IIHJ 
Not valid with 
any other oITer. 

• $20 minimum purchue • wh,hin 5 mile radiUl of campUi 

as aJways, 10% o~f when you 
visit·the store \\ith your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center: 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

Mac marks the 
triple-threat 
debut of 

actor/writer/director John Turturro (Barton Fink, 
Miller's Crossing) . Based on the lives of 
Turturro's father and friends, it foruses on Mac 
Vitelli- the oldest of three brothers in a 
dose-knit Italian American family living in 
Queens in the 1950s, who is determined to build 
the best damn houses in the dty. 
Film Comment calls Mac "Powerfully funny'" 

I i\ I I !Z '\ \ I I ~ ) ~ \ I 
'\ J Y I I ]l)l) ~ l \. \ I ) 

Thursday, January 28, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 7 

Signed, 
sealed, 

delivered. 
On February 1 st, all winter quarter course 
materials will be sent to their publishers. Buy 
your winter quarter textbooks before it's too 
late. 

LlI S I J 
It U<-)K~ ~ I <- >l~f 

Course Materials: 534-4557 
Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-6 p.m., Sat. 10 a.m.-5 p.m, 

ENJOY OUR GoIJRM'EI' 
FARE 6:00 A.M. TO 
4:00 A ••• EVERY DAY! 

' __ .•• D"'" 
• rlllllllPr lieu DIIr*I 
• bale Cal •• DrInkI 
.................. 
.. erellisA. 
M! ... CoaIdeI 
.lIuIId eralnail" 

......... ,. IIW 
,DUII" 

....... Ua.WGI •• 

.... fIuIt.a. .... 
...... ,.. 

...... laIadaa 
....... 

...... d ... 

...... "'*-

• .... AIccIIlOIc 
....... mont ... 

rJ~ RoundTable Pizza 
BuLlS EYE TAVERN/PIlCB CENTEsa,er 1011\ 

~~RUST ~ Sa,,".' ONE;~~GIU s.,,\A'-' 
PITClfER PIZZA PARTY 
of regular beer Or CK ImI 

any soft drink PA IP 
$ J J " 4~~st, '3999 I l -tOp~)\ng 

pus tu lZ" "'S 

-

••••• .;--_.J r l$L I'IUS l3l A Orders of CKS 
• sIffiADSTl 

....... < ""I,. 
__ " lli'iJl t.jn or ca.· / 

·Off·'s .... "" 

IT ~~ ~ ciiEESE PiZzA 1;;;;;;; i,-2-99 1 
I With One Topping $9" I CHICKEN ~U"'l I 
I Lancdot's Treasure pluSln I SUPREME 1A Thill Cnut I 
I RiCOtta, r~mlesan, Mozzardla, Provolone & I Round Table's Newest Specialty Piz.z.a I 

Cheddu Cheeses lI'ith Crushed Garlic and Spices, Mllrinated Sliced Chicken, Rich Smokey BBQ I No sauce , Saucr may be added at No Charge. I Sauce on our f.&mous crust \\1th Whole Milk I 
I Toppings rna)' be ~ddrd at Menu Pri\e , ...., I Mozzarella , Cheddar, PrOl'oIonc ~ I ~~ cheCKS, and Fresh Vcgct~blcs. ~ 
l One""""", por pizzo. NcI ""Kl ";!h ony Rauod I One coupon por piuc. Not...rod ..;.n ony Rouod I 

..... 011. '" dilCOV", GoocU"" 2/28/93 Table. oOhe< """ '" cf;1COV", Good """ 2/28/93 Table. 
• at UCSO, .57-2060. .as Am.J 01 UCSO, 457·2060, .as PIzza.J 1.----------- __________ _ 

~tl~ RoundTablePizza. 
BULLS EYE TAVERNjPRICE CENTER 457·2060 

FREE DELIVERY 



\ . 

8eLA IFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911 . (114· 
6/3) ~ASSIFIEDS 
Attention Engineering Majors I Applica· 
tion deadline for sumer Internships with 
HP and NCR is Friday, February 19th. 
Pick up applications at the A.S. Intern· 
ship OffICe, 2nd floor , P.C., Room 2.306. 
534-4689. (1125·211) 

Volunteer at A.S. Internship Office I 
Gain interpersonal skills, make busi· 
ness contacts, learn about resum6 
and interview processes. Volunteers 
need only contribute 3 hrs.lwk. 2nd 
floor, Price Center, Room 2.306, 534-
4689. (1 /25·211) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance ;s required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MonliayforThursday's issue. 1be Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Recruiting 1993·94 Volunteer Student 
Health Advocatesl Attend one manda-
tory orientation: Thurs . 1128193, noon· 
1 p.m" Price Center Cove Room, or 
Tues., 212193, 5-6 p.m., Student Health, 
Info 534·1824. (1128) 

PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE PRO-
GRAM. University of Professional Stud· 
ies. State licensed MFCC or PSy-
CHOLOGIST. Scholarships Available. 
563·1008. (tI28) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN-SHIP. 
Gain marketing, sates, customer 
service, production, accounting 
with the longest proven track record . 
We guarantee $2 ,500 in 
compensation with lIast opportunity 
for more. Call Student Works Painting 
(formerly Student Painters) . 1·800-
394·6000. limited positions allailabte. 
(114-2/8) 

EARN 5500-$1 ,000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. for details - RUSH $1 with 
SASE to: GROUP FIVE, 57 Greentree 
Drive, Suite 307, DOller, DE 19901 . (11 
4-2/1 6) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most positions 
filled by Feb . Gain val. exp o 
managing 6· 8 employees, 
customers . and suppliers . Avg . 
earnings 6· 16,000+ . Call 
"University Painting Pros." Infol 
appl. CALL 800·525·5877 . (1/7·31 
29) 
EXCElLENT EXTRA INCOME NOWI 
ENVELOPE STUFFING - $600 -$800 
every week - Free Details : SASE to 
International Inc. 1356 Coney Island 
Ave. Brooklyn, New York 11230. (117-
2118) 

Balloon-twisting entertainers. Excellent 
pay. flexible hours. Will train. (800) 497-
1294. (1 /14-1128) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING • 
Earn $2,000+/month + world travet 
(Hawaii. Mexico , the Caribbean, 
etc.) Holiday, summer and career 
employment allailable . No 
experience necessary . For 
'employment program call 1-206· 
634·0468 ext. C5976. (1 /25-2/11) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 AN 
HOURI Each member of your frat , 
sorority, team, club. etc. pitches in 
just one hour and your group can 
raise 51 ,000 in just a few daysl Plus a 
chance to earn $1,000 for yourself! 
No cost. No obligation. 1-800-932-
0528, ext. 65. (1 /21 ·2118) 

HELP WANTED 

Administrative Assistant 

GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY 
Jewish co·ed residential camp seeks 
counselors and speclall .... Capital 
Camps, located in the beautiful Catoctin 
Mountains, one hour from Washington. 
D.C. offers tennis, water sports, nature, 
arts , video, gymnastics, radio, drama, 
photo., etc. II you are interested In the 
challenges and excitement of working 
with campers in grades 3·10, we want 
you on our team. Good salaries, great 
fun l Our director will be on campus on 
Feb. 12. For more information and an 
appointment, call 1·600-229·7652. (1/ 
21-1128) 

PiT Convention Industry Sales Intern. 
Mac experience/strong communication 
skills desired. Ideal for SO or JR with 
desire for advancement into sales 
position upon graduation. 55.50thr. 
Jennifer 457-9882. (1125-214) 

Entry Level programmer wanted for 
Temecula. UNIX, 4GL, RDBMS 
environment. Computer Science 
degree/equivalent . Recent college 
graduate preferred. Send resume by 21 
1/93. Amscan, 2840 1 Rancho Calif Rd., 
Temecula, CA 92590. (1126) 

Work: guy(s) with pickup to move boxes 
La Jolla to LaJolla, $7.00thr, 452·2727, 
581·7274 . (1128) 

Driver(s) FIVE needed, own car, local, 
variable hours. NOW, 56.50+/hr, leave 
message 581 -7274, easy. (1128) 

BEING·FIT IS HIRING experienced 
aerobic teachers. All hours available. 
Call 483-9294. (1128-218) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587·7911. (114· 
6/3) 
VOICE/ACTING FOR SINGERS/AC· 
TORS - 42 years. alileveiststyies. NY 
city opera, musicals, top clubs, com· 
merclals. On a mike/camera voice,oller. 
Special fee: voice & piano. organ. gui-
tar. Michael Bondon 598-5223. (117-21 
1 ) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. 
On campus and affordable. Call Mike 
622·1147. (1114-3111) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St. Germain·s. 452·9949. (1 /19-61 
3) 

Need Iypinglword processing done? Will 
do any size job, any type of job. I will 
also do editing if needed or wanted. 
Call Carol 481 ·6364 ellenings. (1 /19·3/ 
11 ) 

Biotechnology Venture Capital Consulting 
Learn the basics of the biotechnology and venture capital 
businesses. Duties jnclude secretarial, bookkeeping, and 
interaction with executives. 
Prefer Chemistry/Biology w/2 years + until graduation. 
GPA 3.3 + . Must be versatile, intelligent, dependable, 
hard-working, computer literate, self-motivated and very 
good with people. Flexible 5-15 hrs.twk. $7-$10 hr. EOE. 
Please send resume (no calls, please) to: 
Gary D. Aronson Consulting 
353S Riviera DrIve 
San DIego, CA 92109 
Fax: (619) 27().()757 

LOSE WEIGHT SAFEL YI Personal Fit· 
ness Training + Nutritional Counseling. 
Save 20% until Feb. 28th. Call now 
497-3282. (1125·214) 

Experienced editor cuts dissertation 
dross, exposes gold. WP/ASCII. $151 
hour. Medical.legat. 274-2362 .(1125-1 / 
28) 
CATCH A RfOE ON A JETI Europe -
$249. Hawall-$l29. NewYork-$149. 
Get your program description. 
AIRHITCH (r) 800·397-1098. (1125-21 
18) 
KARATE+SELFOEFENSEPRIVATE 
TUTOR - Learn practical + effective self 
defense techniques; Increase safety, 
confidence + co-ordination; Oualified 
Blackball Instructor; Private lessons in 
your own home. Call Martin 458-5929. 
(1 /25·214) 

Professlonat , legitimate, massage 
therapist offering special student dis-
count; within waliking distance. Call 
SUSAN 453-0622. (1128-211) 

TV Reporter on-camera delivery l--day 
workshops. Call for information. 782· 
3582. (1128) 

QUALITY BARBERINGIILaJolia Bar-
ber Shop, Quality Barber, Hair Cuts. 
$8. 7760 Faye Ave., Suite F, 459-5792. 
(1128) 

WANTED 
PRIVATE tutor needed for Econ. 11 OA 
andlor 120B. $10.00thr. Jack. 558· 
1384. (1125-1128) 

Female babysitter wanted to watch two 
children under seven. Must have own 
car. Up to 10 hours per week. Pay 
negotiable. References preferred. Close 
to campus. 457·0535. (1128·214) 

Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 years 
old needed to participate in UCSD 
Medical Center study examining the 
effect of sounds on the eyeblink reflex. 
Compensation will be prollided. Call 
543·2494 for information. (1128) 

FOR SALE 
Twin mattress set $65. Dinetteset$150. 
Sofa & 10lleseat 5200. Futon & frame 
$75. Can deliver 576-8244. (117·2/1) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER with 20 
megabyte hard drive, printer, all utilities 
and manuals, Macpaint, Hypercard, 
Microsoft Word and other programs. In 
excellent condition. $850 o.b.o. Call 
Chris 278-1977 (leav9 message). (1/ 
19·211 ) 

&~. We make o ourown "~~~ pasta and 
,.... 'I ~ sauce 

I~ /, :: from '" o;~ scratch "'.soT . F\\ i; every day. 
,------, 

FRESH PASTA 
I WNCH or DINNER I 

1$349=:-~1 1 '-, ...... 1 
\....--_~~J 

_ 5 272-9448 ~ In PK/tIc BeKh -- .. 4480 ...... f f (comer 01 Garnet) 

Wilson Profile Hammer tennis racket, 
excellent condition, Sportchalet price 
$230, 51ealat$135. Mitchetl546-9081 . 
(1119·1128) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks. boats, 4 wheel-
ers, motorhomes, by FBI, IRS. DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 1·800-
436-4363 ext. C-7556. (1 /19-211 1) 
TI-81 Texas Instruments Graphics Cal-
culator for sale with guidebook. $55. 
Barely used. Call Adam 452·3783. (1/ 
25·1128) 

Guitar-nylon string for sale with hard 
case. $90. Great shape. Call Adam 
452-3783. (1125-1128) 

TWO CARS: 1988 Mazda 323SE hatch-
back . Excellent condition $4650. 1981 
Mustang -good condo $1650. 455-9682. 
(1121-1128) 

86 Must. 4 cyl AT, PBlPS, AC Casso 
Stereo, runs well 81K. Needs minor 
body/eng. work. Must sell now. $1500/ 
o.b.o. 625·0726. (1125·211) 

SUPERMAN, Man of Steel 1175 (His 
death). $12.50. 429·9179. (1 /25-1128) 
Moving sale: futt size bed (only 1 year old). 
chest of drawers, wood kitchen table and 
three chairs, shelves, long blue sofa; avail· 
able March: Call 587-3617. (1!25-1128) 

Waterbed w/ bkcase hdbrd, heater, 1 
set used sheets. $80 o.b.o. Call Jane 
571-7118. (1128·211) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Com· 
puterhomeworkathomel$157.00 Plug 
in and go. 554-0414. (1128) 

Computer, Packard-Bell 500, color 
monitor, WP ·5.0, IBM comp, 640KB, 
MSDOS, Cilizendot matrix printer, $550 
o.b.o., 452·4268. (1128) 

PUPPIES, Whippet, AKC, two males, 5 
mo. Excellent Show Quality. All shots. 
$250. 789·4842. (1128·211) 

Snov.tloard · Burton Air 6 Freestyle. $325 
o.b.o. Call lawton: 622-1978. (1128-211) 

FOR SALE: Imagewriter printer, 2 yrs 
old. Rarely used. Perfect condition. 
Color and Appletalk ready. Need to sell 
- $190.00 or best offer. Eves ... 625-
0486. (1128·214) 

MACINTOSH SE: 1 MB RAM, 40MB 
harddrille, 1200 modem, keyboard, 
mouse, antiglare, software, 1550. Cart 
625-7990. (1128-214) 

1986 MERCURY TRACER, 2·door, 
blue, 55,000 mi. Runs great. asking 
52,800, 5-speed. After7p.m. 538-1165 
(1128-211 ) 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617, prr spring Frr 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production, 
Positions go;"g fast. 

Call now. 
1-800-48H332 

Thur day, January 28, 1993 

MACINTOSH SE 4MB RAM 20MB Ext. 
HD. Two 800K floppies. Keyboardl 
mouse. A good beginner's system for 
word processing or basic telecommunl· 
cation. $575, or best offer. 587·8010. 
(1 /28-211) 

HOUSING 
Master Bdrm. $370-one person, $235-
two to share, own bath, washer/dryer, 
pool, bus to UCSD, non-smoker, non-
allergic to cats, available spring. Call 
Stacy or lisa 625-0821 (leave mes-
sage). (1/14-1128) 

Own room. $25OImonth. In Clairemonl. 
Big lilling room and fireplace. 1 /4 utili· 
ties. Call Karen 54t-2073. (1114-2116) 

FOR RENT - N_ 3 bedroom condo. 
51200/monlh. Off laJoUa Village Drive 
and Regents Road, near UCSD and 
UTC. Call Robert 558·2404 or 538· 
6556 after 5;00 p.m. (1 /14-1128) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: MorF, Trieste, 
spacious upstairs loft available, fur-
nished if nec .. 113 cheap utilities, share 
apt. w/ 1 M + 1 F. $245 through 6/15. 
Mike@558-7535(eve)or457·4200M-
F 12·5. (1 /19-211) 

Roommate wanted, M or F, area 
Delmar, own room, share bathroom. 
Room and house fully furnished , wash, 
dr, dishwasher, fireplace, swim pool, 
8min from UCSD, 1 minute from free-
way, nice balcony with excellent vi_. 
Rent $375 + tast month rent as deposit. 
Call 793·0259/457-8217. (1125-1128) 

Room to rent UCSD area. $5751month. 
Penthouse apt. with own bathroom. Big 
living space with fireplace, vaulted ceil-
ings. Willing to have two roommates 
share room. Call Megan 546-3989. 
Room is available ASAP. (1125·211) 

Condo for Rent La JoUa/UCSD. 2 bd, 
2.5 ba, tri-Ievel, 2 car garage. All ameni-
ties. $1050. 455-6030. (1125·1128) 

Female roommate wanted-space avail· 
able March 15, $335 month + 113 utili-
ties, own room, lots of light, clean and 
studious environment, terrific location 
(UTC), laundry, dishwasher, TV and 
VCR, furnished apartment, pool, ga-
rage; call 587·3617. (1125-1128) 

TWO large rooms, house, 5 min. to 
UCSD. $32O.S340 + 113 utilities. Call 
625-0772. (1125-211) 

Own room + bath $300 + 1/4 utilities. 
Looking for female non-smoker. Avail-
able 211/93. 597-0742 Judy. (1125-1/ 
28) 
MIRA MESA HOUSE: Rent room. Fe- . 
male preferred. $300.00 plus utiHties. 
Ved 437-4655. Kathy 695-21 40 eve-
nings. (1125·1128) 

Birdrock2 rooms, $4OOIeach ... fireptace, 
yard , laundry, walk to oceanl Available 
nowI456-7955. (1125-1128) 

Single room w/ll2 bath. La Jolla Blvd" 
2 blocks from Wind & Sea Beach, ocean 
view, $350/month, laundry, cabte. 
A.SAP. 551-0036. (1128-218) 

Roommate Wanted • Own room in 3 
bedroom 1.5 bathroom townhouse. 
Fully furnished (except own room), 
washer/dryer, very close to campus & 
bus stop. $315 + 113 utils. Prefer very 
easy going male, junior, senior or grad. 
Call 587·8980 Alex or All. (1128-214) 

Share condo. Own roon1!bath. Pool. 
spa, washerldryer, fireplace, garage. 
Nonsmoker. Cartsbad. $400. 434-9483 
(1128-218) 

Own room in North Ctairemont house. 
Big yard. $2401month + 1/4 utilities & 
deposit. Robert 483-41OS. (1128-211) 
Roommate wanted - share :Hlf. apart-
ment. Non-smoker. Washer/dryer. 1.5 

m~es campus. $275. Avail 3/1. 450-
4628. (1128-2111) 

Own room in quiet Iownhome walking 
cIstanc:e to campus. Furnished. N0n-
smoking graduale studant plefeITed. 
$35O-<tOOImontI. 558-8875. (1128) 

PERSONALS 
Yhrals SilllrChrlslln, ir1yhow? (1128) 

Trash Day corning soonl (1128) 

Thursday, January 28, 1993 

ARf 

HIIJT 
Joe Montana is 
Better Than You 

The mariceting wizards of pro 
fOOlball have fmally come up with a 
product that fans of all ages really 
love. It's called NFL Experience, a 
traveling interactive theme parle that 
allows the fans to "get inside the 
game" of NFL football. 

At the "Extra Point Kick" exhibit. 
fans can kick an authentic NFL 
fOOtball off authentic NFL artificial 
turf through authentic NFL goalposts. 
Yet this exhibil Jacks realism. There's 
no authentic NfL lineman to block the 
average fan's weak shank. And there's 
no authentic NfL pressure. If you 
miss, you still have a job on Monday. 

The NFL Quanerblck Challenge is 
an exhibit where fans test their passing 
accW'3Cy on one of eight targets. Once 
again, this booth Jacks realism. 
Anybody can throw a fOOlbalJ at a 
stationary target For added excite-
ment. maybe a retired NFL lineman, 
perhaps Mark Gastineau. should rush 
the would-be passer. I wonder how 
many brave fans would tJy this truly 
interactive exhibit 

Here's some exhibits you'll never 
see at the NFL Experience: 

The Obnariolls NFL Fan-Learn 
from disgrunded 4ger fans the comx:t 
way to thro~ batteries (preferably D 
cell) at players as they leave the field. 
A straight back. followed by a high 
throwing shoulder and a full foUow-
through will ensure greater accuracy. 
You get zero points for a miss, 2S 
points for a hit, and 100 points if you 
put.a player on the injw-ed list. 

NFL Head Coach - Savor aU the 
wacky, wonderful MaaJox moments as 
you live the life of an Nfl. Head 
Coach. Practice the art of slanuning 
down a clipboard. grabbing a player 
by the jersey, or cursing at a referee. 
Feel the real-life chest pains as you go 
in for angioplasty or triple-bypass 
surgery. 

Unfair Catch - Experience the 
horror of going over the middle for an 
ovenhrown Steve Young pass. Feel 
the oone-janing pain as Dallas 
linebacker Ken Norton, Ir. spears you 
in midair. Watch helplessly as 
Cowboy defensive back Issiac Holt 
intercepts the errant spiral and returns 
it 85 yards for a game-wiMing 
touchdown. 

Joe Montana is Bener I/J(JII YOII-
Enjoy a slice ofhwnble pie as Joe 
outdoes you in everything. Complete a 
75-yard pass to take the lead over the 
Niners - then watch loe Ibrow a 76-
yard pass Iefthanded, from his back, 
with his eyes closed. to win the Super 
Bowl. 

Ready for that cushy V.P. slot in 
the corporation? Watch 30 years of 
hard wOlt go down the drain as loe 
buys the company and makes you 
head janitor. Think your ftaneee stilJ 
loves you? Wrong. Admire the master 
as loe makes his move, turning your 
sweetheart into the next Mrs. 
Montana. All because there's nothing 
you can do that Joe can't do better. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

Dan McDowell/ Guardian 
Carrie Parker, who swam well against USC, will need anothef big meet this weekend for UCSD to upend NCAA champion Kenyon. 

UCSD To~ Host Royalty 
~ AND DIVING: Tritons 
set for visit from the Lords of Kenyon 
By Brae Segal 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's swimming and diving team 
faced tough competition from Division I University of 
Southern California this past Saturday. The competi-
tion proved useful as a fmal tuneup to this weekend's 
showdown with defendingnarional champion Kenyon. 

Jocelyn Rothbard captured second place in both 
the 100- and 200-yard freestyle. Juniors Dustin Mat-
thew and Allison Dunn petfOlTIled remadably well in 
the 100- and 200-yard breasIroke. 

Sophomore Ouistina GaJdos had her lifetime best 
unshaved record in the 100- and 200-yard butterfly. 
Sabrina Lum swam as fastas a bullet and won the 200-
yard butterfly, the irdividuai medley and took second 
in the 500-yard freestyle. 

Other highlights were DuM'S command perfor-
mance in the 200-yard breaststrok.e, maricing her best 
unshaved time. 

"For where we are in the season. [USC] provided 
good competition for us. Swinvning against Division 
I teams makes us challenge ourselves," the junior 
explained. 

" It was more than a challenge," explained Dunn. 
"1lle women didn't know what to expect from the 
start but they turned out some good times." 

Carrie Parker swam a fierce 200-yard backstroke. 
"We did a lot better than we expected to do. We're 
right on track for Kenyon," she said. 

"Considering it was just the [women), we didn't 
have as much time between events to rest up," added 
Connie Romero. However, the lack of a rest period did 
not hinder Romero, who took front stage in the 5()().. 
yard freestyle. 

Jason~ 
Sheri Takeuchi's clivi", will be key for UCSD. 

Four women competed in the two diving events 
for UCS)lIiU Iackson took first in theone-meter with 
a score of 267.38 and Pani Thompson placed third 
with a score of 239.25. 

In the three-meter, Thompson took first with a 
score of 264.98 while Jackson claimed second place 
with 263.93. UCSD also placed fourth and fifth in the 
one-meter and third and fifth in the three-meter. 

When asked about this weekend's meet against 
Division ill national champion Kenyon, Romero 
responded. "I'm nervous because last year I got the 
meet record for the I <XXl-yard freestyle and I'd like to 
keep my record. It will be a good meet. We've been 
swimming well (.'onsidering how hard the workouts 

See SWIM, Page 10 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S BASKEI'BALI.: The 

Ttons face an uphiU battle in order 
to secure a spot in the NCAA 

tournament. ... 11 

MEN'S VOUEYBALL: UCSD 
dropped a four-set match to the 

University of the Pacific on 
Tuesday . .,.10 

Jason RltcllIe/Guanlian 

1be Headline Matchup: SwImming and diving VI. Kenyon CoHeCe, Saturday at 11 a.m., canyonvlew Pool. 
Other Games: Women's basketbaH YS. Christ College of Irvine, tonight at 6 p.m., Main Gym. Men's basketball YS. Christian Heritage College, Friday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. Men's tennis at Cal Poly, 
San Luis Obispo. Men's volleyball YS. cal State Northridge, Saturday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. 



I, 

10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 28,1993 

TIgers Devour Tritons in Four SWIM: UCSD feus Kenyoo 00 Satwday 
VOI.IDBALL:UCSD 
drops a four-setter to the 
University of the Pacific 
By BlaIr Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
played solidly for two and one-half 
hours on Tuesday night, but fell short 
against visiting University of the PacifIC 
in four gameS, IS'(), 16-14, 10-15, 
IS-II. 

The Tritons held leads in each of the 
las! three games, but were unable to 
capitalize on them. As a result, the Ti-
gerscame from behind to win two of the 
three games and the match. 

UOP looked SttOf'Ig from the very 
begiMing.jumping out to a 7~ lead in 
the fU'St game. Halfway through the first 
game, the Tritons got their wakeupca\l. 
From that point on, UCSD began to 
block, 'serve, and kill at a much higher 
level. 

).an tI1Ia1l11t/II..aoan 

ConItnued from .... 9 
have been." 

"II's going 10 be much closer this 
year. Kenyon graduated a lot of seniors. 
How it turns 0U1 will be a good indica-
tion of how it will go aI nationaJs," 

~ &ic Pederson said. 
"We've been training hard all year. 

We're going to go in and do our best for 
the biggest dual meet of the year, ~junior 
Ryan Olapman said. 

Last year the UCSD women lost to 
Kenyon by a scm: of 6249 while the 
men feU 71-31. But the team is looking 
for revenge in this Saturday's meet • 
Canyonview beginning • II a.m. 

"[Kenyon's) best diver will COOl-
pete against ours. II's a head-to-head 
compebrion. Kenyon is rerwning the 
top diver in Division ill and he'U be 
competing with the best of our guys." 
Fru:hea said. 

They proceeded to climb back into 
the game using a variety of service 
winners by Matt Brigham and Neal 
O'Brien. Mitchell Yapaddedtwomon-
ster kills to cut the Tigers' lead to II'(). Tom Black led UCSD with 28 kIh, but couldn't ..... the Trttons to • win ova' UOP on ~. 

'1'm not putting a \ot of ~is on 
whether we win or lose, but I expecta \ot 
of yearly bests this weekend. Either one 
or both meets will come down to the llL'it 
relay. There will be a big crowd I 
encourage pecple to attend. It should be 
exciting." added Boyd. 

Upcoming is the conference meet 
scheduled for February 18-20. "Half of 
the team will tty to make their NCAA 
cuts at the meet. We're way ahead of 
what we've ever been since I've been 
here. I don't think people realize their 
capabilities." suggested Boyd 

For the remainder of the game the 
Tritons were tmabIe to put together a 
SIring of solid play, which led to UOP's 
win in the (mil game, 15-6. 

UCSD continued its SIJ'OIlg play in 
the second game,jumping out to a quick 
8-3 lead. Yap, Steve Kremser and 
Tyson Kerr led the charge with high-
energy kills and backboard-like blocks. 

UOP proceeded to claw their way 
back into the game using Triton mis-
takes and their own perfectly placed 

kills. Soon enough, UCSD's lead had 
been cut to jUSl two, 11-9. 

The teams exchanged a few points 
unriJ the score was 13-11 in favor of the 
Tritons. At thai point, the Tigers took 
command and went on a 5-1 srreak to 
claim the second game, 16-14. 

UCSD had many chances to win the 
game, but were unable to capitalize on 
their service to collect points. 

Travis Ferguson led off the third 
game with fourstraighl pointsforUCSD 

SUPEBBOWL 
PAlff 

ON rHE PATIO 
WITH GIANT TV, 

r"""-- ~ C:SLlJiiQ·S~ 
~ \..;~ 

Cblcaao Style 
Gourmet Hot Bop U .......... 

7731 Fay Ave. • 551-0'751 

with his overpowering jump serve. 
UOP used good defense 10 JI'OIl1pdy tie 
the score .44. 

ann. 

Alms reamed up with Kerr and Tom 
Black for blocks on UOP hits and 
Ferguson Uicd anodlcrsavice winner 
togiveUCSDa 14-10 lead. 

Soon it was Ferguson's tum to serve 
again, and he responded with three more 
great serves which led to a 741ead for 
UCSD. 

During the Triloos' savice, UOP's 
Darren Lanceneued a spike whicbgave 
UCSD the game. 15-10. 

UCSD is well-prepared and anxious 
for the NCAA Cbampionship meet in 
Atlanta, Georgia in March. Last year, 
Boyd led both the men's and WOIlletl'S 
reams to sccond-p1ace finishes in the 
championships. 

A key move was made when 6-5 
middle blocker-outside hitter Mark 
Alms was inserted into the lineup. Alms 
provided UCSD with strong blocking 
defense as weU as a powerful hitting 

. UCSDbcganthefowlhgamemllCh 
like the previous two, with a command-
ing lead. Kills by Kerr, couplod with 

SeeV.aALL,Pagel1 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Renlals 
Siereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sates 
Jobs 

Com pulers 
and more in 

TIle au.dIan 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

Generat Store. 

Volunteers Needed for 
an Eyedrop Study 

Th.e ~ivision of Ophthalmology at Scripps 
ClinIC and Research Foundation is recruiting 
participants for an eyedrop study. 
• Participants must have a history of pol1en 

or animal allergies. 
• Volunteers need to be 18 years of age or 

older to qualify. 
• Participants completing the study will 

receive $150, 
For more information, please call Jane Cooper 
at Scripps Clinic at 554-2248. 

II~I ~N~~!~£~t~,~S 
10666 Nonh Torrey Pines Road, La jolla, A 92037 

Pacific Beach GISTfIED UNDERGRADSANDPOSTDOC'S BREWHoUSE 
THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL lO-oz. $1 00 
microbrewed 
beers 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas $500 
in the Brewery 
Dining Room 

nCOVER YOUR Boon 
WITH 

SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

Student Premium - $159.00 
Spouse - $263.10 
Children - $179.00 

(per quarter) 
4475 Mission Blvd. 274 ALES 
comer of Mi ion & Gamet • ENROLLING NOW SeaCoa t Square • Free parking in rear 

Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 

I 
'I 

Thursday, January 28, 1993 

Tritons Revving 
Up For Playoffs 
By GreaWrem 
Sports Editor 

For a man whose team faces im-
minent elimination from postseason 
consideration, UCSD men's basker-
ball Head Coach Tom Marshall is 
very relaxed. And wilh good reason. 

"Righi now. we're playing our 
beSi basketball of the year. With the 
exceplion of Erik Johnson [out with a 
broken hand] we're basically healthy. 
We're probably the best Division In 
team in California now," Marshall 
said. 

Pres ure? Stres ? Not with this 
coach. Don't get him wrong, though, 
He is fully aware of the still monu-
mental task that faces his team. After 
blowing several games earlier this 
season, the Tritons stand at 11-7 on 
the year and must win all of their 
seven games they have left for a real-
istic shot at the NCAA tournament 

# 
:Jlowers de gifts 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

SJn Die.go, CA 92122 
558-6666 

But Marshall has made ure his 
team is keeping the whole thing in 
focus. "It' tougher a you go along. 
But we're not looking at the rest ofthe 
season as seven games, we're break-
ing it down into two game segments. 
Taking it one and two games at a time 
makes il a lot easier to keep our fo-
cus." the coach said. 

After a 7-7 trut, the Tritons have 
won five out of ix, including four in 
a row. Their one loss was a last-
second defeat at the hands of then-
undefeated and Top-10 Rowan Col-
lege. Marshall realize that this team 
has as much potential as la t year's 
Tritons who advanced to the NCAA 
tournament. 

"We're preny dam good this year, 
it's just taken longer for this team to 
come together. But I think you've 
seen that we've done thatlhe last few 
games," Marshall said. 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
'<Idth putdl.l .. 'o(: II WU' I"IlI M'\.' 
\'" \ .. litJ \O.lIh ;m) ,dk..T.Jfl"f 

&.p. 2/11/93 • "We Ddiftr World WIdr" 
The "Sun" is. a!ways Trima Tan 

, 2TANS$:[ 
One for you, One for a fri.~en~d!.---:-::::-l 

'AI5t time clients only wi!h !his coupon. 10'10 I1UDI"' 
Lose 8" Guaranteed 

European Body Wrap--only $48 
Not • tempGfllf)' •• ., k>ss • Aedu::e ce4Ulte n:t stretch nwkl 

.,..couM' on all 
sell/ices & products 

wlttl UCID -

--------------------30TAN DAYS$29 : 
CAli for <kla/f' • 2nd 30 Ion do)ll $39.99. 2 month mInImum. With coupon onlv. Expi",1r281PJ . 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
&-Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-~UCSD I 
i 

L. Joll. VIII.lle Dr . 

I 
I ::' .. , Dr . 

UTe 
II 

z.® i J . " 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOR CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I 

Full Service $ 99: ~~~6~p!!l1~!3 ....... !. 
c o\R WASil No1 v-'id wtflany other 0IIw. SAVE S4.2t I 

I ExpiIM 3112113, 20. 1 e93. 
~----------------- ______ I 

The U,C D Guardian 

The key all 
year for UCSD 
has been a tough 
defense. "We 
have a bener de-
fense this year 
than last year, be-
cause we can do 
so many different 
things. This may 
be our best de-
fense ever," 
Marshall said. 

With the addi-
tion of Kareem 
Matthews to the 
starting lineup, 
thaI , defense has 
strengthened even 
funher. Manhews 
is now assigned to 
the opponent's top 
perimeter player, ajob that used to be 
Chris Moore's re pon ibility. The 
results have' been nothing but posi-
tive, "With Matthews taking over on 
defense, Moore has been able to con-
centrate on his offense," the coach 
explained. 

Moore i averaging 23.2 points a 
game, up from last year's 16.3. That 
kind of scoring is equal 10 the num-

bers pUl up by UCSD legend Tim 
Rapp just a couple of years ago. 

Despite being relaxed on the sur-
face , Marshall wants the team to be 
"on the edge." 

"We want to be totally focused 
both mentally and physically," 
Marshall said. "That's the edge we're 
looking for. If we go out and tend to 
business, we'll be alright." 

V-BALL 
Continued from page 10 
bl ks by O' Brien and KelT, gave the 
Triton.~ a seven point edge. 8-1 . 

At9-3,themomenrumshiftedtothe 
Tigers, whorattledoffsix straight points 
to tie the score at 9-9. 

UO? continued to roll, as they 
outscored UCSD 6-3 in the closing 
momentstowin the game and thematch, 
15-11. 

Black. a freshman playing in only 
the third ganle of his college career. led 
UCSD with a team-high 28 kills and 
added seven blocks and three service 
aces. 

Yap finished strong for the Tritons, 
with 14 kills and eight servk:e aces. 

UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde was 
disappointedwiththematch'soutcome. 
"We had opponunities to win it. We 
have 10 jump on them when lhey're 
down and not let them back in it. 

'l11e biggest factor tonight was that 
we went two and one-halfhoUl1> of good 
volleyball, which we haven't done yel 
this season," he added 

Next on the schedule for the Tritons 
will be the Matadors of Cal State 
Northridge, Saturday at 7 p.m. in the 
Main Gym. 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
.77«1: 

No minimum • 8 1'211 x 1111 • Self-serve. Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 2411 x 3611 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8"1'211 x 1111 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

Our critical care ventilator products , 
Number One in the U.S., are the life-saving 
products of PURITAN-BENNETI ... producls 

JOin :.O;~r Teaffl :ln 
"Shaping'· To'morrow 1tOgelher" 

that are shaping tomorrow's technology ... products that reflect 
our vision of GLOBAL RESPIRATORY PREEMINENCE. 

That vision demands the world 's best creative talent , working together bS an integrated 
team. If you'd like to help shape the future of respiralory care " 'round the world", we invite 
you to take a closer look at us . 

teChnical I company Presentation 
Dale : 
Time: 
Place: 

Friday, February 19, 1993 
2 :30pm - 4 :30pm 
Career Services Center -
Muhipurpose Room 

on~us InterViews: 
Date: Tuesday, February 23, 1993 
Place: Career Services Center 
SIGN UP NOW! 

Bring us your unique talents , and we'lI give you freedom to innovate, opportunity to take 
projects from inception to completion, empowerment to make your own decisions, and 
responsibility to take ownership. Equal Opportunity Employe r. 

1-] _)PURITAN 
..... -.. _-~_ BENNETT 

.. 



12 

t . 

The UCSD Guardian Thur8day, January 28,1993 

STANDINGS EVE N T S 

Hoops: 
CNN TOP 30 
10. of Jan. 261 

Team W-l Commen .. 
MEN'S AM 
1 Team Hornacek 3-0 Don'llrade us jusl yel 
2 SAE 2-0 Simply Awesome Eggheads 
3 Old School 3-0 Back 10 basics, huh guys? 
4 Brass Monkey 2-0 Looking for gold rings 
5 Hickory Huskers 2-1 BusIed Ihe Boyz Big I 

MEN'SM 
1 Yap, Yap .. .F.Face 2-0 Talking trash too early 
2 H-Acme 2-0 Starting to gel big-headed 
3 Brown & Proud II 2-0 You guys should be proud 
4 Circus Circus 3-0 Ready to play Ihe big lenl 
5 Inch Above The Rest 3-0 Slill playing below Ihe rim 

MEN 'S A 
1 Sweetness 3-0 Playln' hard 10 the bitter end 
2 Tuftmeisters 3-0 Winning again at the 'Y" 
3 Hack Attack 2-0 Will need to get better 
4 Just Chummln' 3-0 Reeling them In regularly 
5 Cum on Jeff's Back 3-0 Bunch of good shooters 

MEN'S 5-10 
1 Knlcks 2-0 Knocking on wooden nickels 
2 nme For Some Aklson 3-0 Huh? 
3 Alvin 's Chipmunks 2-0 JOSh can be bad In this sport 
4 Zero Gravity 3-0 Rising above the rest 
5 Gravily Bound 2-0 Heading north in reverse 

COED 
1 Wyld Turkies 2-0 WyontWyn ttl 
2D'Jump 2-0 D'ShoOI, O'Scorel 
3 Warriors 2-0 Betler than Golden State 
4 Lord Help Us 2-0 Stili prayln' for easy games 
5 Stuff Ya Like A Turkey 2-0 Wrong time 01 year for that 

WOMEN'S 
t Clueless toO But politically correct 
2 Shake My Skirt 1-0 If we can find It 
3 TBA 2-0 We Ihoughtlhe Kennedys played 

touch football 
4 Ladies First 1-1 Will Win from now on 
5 We Take Cash 1-1 - Try to show up firsl 

1M Sports Participation Meter 
(Fall, Winter Sports/ 1992-93) 

SPORT TEAMS TEAMS ON 
PLAYING WAIT LIST 

Fall Flag Football 131 17 
Volleyball 140 13 
Basketball 193 67 
Soccer 126 13 
Floor Hockey 114 39 
Innertube Waterpolo 82 21 

Winter Team Tennis 63 7 
Team Bowling 84 6 
3-0n-3 Basketball 113 t 5 
One-Pitch Sot\ball 6t 0 
Over-The-line 22 0 
U Iti mate Disc 30 0 

Spring Quarter Sports To Come: Softbatt , Coed Volleyball , HawaIIan 
Football , Team Badminton. Sand Volleyball Doubles 

THIS WEEK: 
AlIC .... pu. 
Tennis Doubl .. 
Champlon ... lps 
Satunlay-Slntay/J_ry 30-
31/8Im-5pm/MuirTennls CU_ 
Men's Open, Intermediale 
Divisions, Women's Division, and 
Mixed Doubles Division 
Entry Fee: $5.00 per team/each 
team guaranteed two matches 
Sign-up: Canyonview Recreation 
Office by Friday (Jan 29) @ noon. 

Women's Volleyball 
Doubles Tournament 
Saturday/January 3Oth/Sam/ 
Main Gymnasium 
Women's Open Ooubles and 
Intermediate Doubles Divisions 

Enlry Fee: $14.00 per team (Includes 
tournament T-Shirt lor each 
partic:lpanl) 
Sign-up: Canyonview Recreation 
Office by Thursday IJan 28) C 5pm. 

NEXT WEEK: 

AlI-C ........ 
TableT_nl. 
Champlon ... lps 
Saturday, F.bruary 6th/tam-
2:30pm/MaIn Gymnasium 
Men's Open, Intermediate and 
Novice Oivlslons, Women's Division 
Entry Fee: S3.oo per player/each 
player guaranteed 3 matches. 
Equipment 10 be provided. 

The first annual UCSO Intramural 
Table Tennis Championships comes 
to campus next week as a host 01 
resident ping-pongers are expected 
10 flood Ihe Main Gymnasium lIoor 
10 demonstrate their champion-ship 
strokes. 

The Championships, joinlly 
sponsored by UCSD Recreation and 

Drabos Crunch Way To 
Men's Softball Crown 
Twenty 

some years ago, a group 01 UCSD 
students got together and lormed an 
intramural softba~team .... probablyjust 
lor laughs. Their first team wasn't all 
that good, and neilherwas the second, 
or some 01 the others after thaI. But 
they always did have fun. They must 
have because lheycame back each and 
every season, 

After playing through two previous 
decades with little or no championship 
notority, the Boys of Winler, Spring, 
and Summer known affectionately 
around these parts as tRe SLIDING 
ORABOS came home to roost in the 
'90s. ThiS, they announced, was going 
to be THEIR decade, and they were not 
going to be denied. 

This past weekend In thefirstweekly 
Men's One-Pitch Softball Tournament 
of the quarter, the Orabos put out seri-
ous nolice that their bals will be heard 
from this sohball season. Alter blast-
ing three previous opponents in the 
16-team tournament by scores 0116-
1. 15-13, and 20-6, the Drabos put a 
huge exclamation poinl on their week-
end with a 19;3 thumping of TRIPLE 
CROWN In the championship game. 

The tournament win earned Ihe 
Drabos the number one seed in the 
post-season One-Pitch championship 
play-offs come this March. They'll be 
joined lour other clubs Irom this tour-
nament (Triple Crown, Loads, Lum-
berjacks, and Bob Moss' Retirement 

Squad) and a gaggle 01 other squads 
that hope to quality in the next Men's 
toumament on Feb 6-7th. 

Congratulations to 1M velS ... Ron 
Kaufman, Brad Tebo, Steve Piper, Guy 
Emanuele and the rest 01 the Orabo 
crew. 

This weekend, 16Coed squads take 
to the Muir softball diamonds in quest 
of similar play-off spots in their divi-
sion, First round aclion starts Satur-
day, Jan 30 at lOam. 

Racquetball 
Championships . 
Revisited 

This past Saturday found the 
weather warming up outside and the 
competition boiling over inside atthe 
Canyonview Racquetball Courts. As 
the intermediate division's prelimi-
nary pool play ended and the play-
offs progressed, many althe particI-
pants remained to watch Rafael 
Oomlnguez and luis Murillo battle 
lor the champion-ship. Unblemished 
records accompanied both inlo the 
linals but one would Indeed fall . 

Oomlnguez. after winning the lirst 
game t 5-9, saw the tide swing as 
Murillo battled to steal the second 

the Table Tennis Association at 
UCSD, are looking to draw interest 
lrom all corners of the campus in 
an effort to improve the visibility 
01 this last-paced and exciting 
game. 

Men's Open, Intermediate, and 
Noviee Oivisions will be offered as 
well as special Women's Division. 
Entry lee is a nominal $3.00 per 
player with each participant being 
guaranteed a minimum 01 three 
matches. Championship prizes 
and awards will be presenled to all 
divisional winners. 

Equipment should not be 
problem for anyone. Official Table 
Tennis paddles (racquets) will 
provided for those who need 
them. The officialtoumament ball 
will be the Nitakku 3-Star, 

Tournament sign-ups are 
currently being taken at the 
Canyonview Recreation Offices 
between 8am and 5pm. The 
tournament Is open to all UCSO 
students, faculty and staff. 

Graphically To .. Eon 

game21 -19andtakean8-t lead inthe 
third. The UCSD teaching assistant 
couldn't maintain his stamina as he 
saw Dominguez come back to hit win-
ner after winner and score the next 10 
points and win 11-8 to lake home the 
victory, 

While the intermediate finalists 
battled, the Men's Open competitors 
began to heat up. As things progressed, 
it appeared as il a championship 
rematch was i* making. last year's 
champion rirshad (Shadi) 
Almassizadeh and runner-up Scott 
DuPont easily advanced to separate 
semi-final matches, cruising through 
the day with matching records of 5-0. 
DuPont advanced to the final with a Il-
1,11-7 victory over Jell Klein but It was 
Mike Dietsch who shattered Shadi's 
hopes lor back-to-back champion-
ships. 

DuPont and Oietsch took to the 
court as many of the open players 
remained to watch. OuPont had been 
unstoppable all day and it showed as 
he out powered the speed 01 Dietsch 
11-3 in Game 1. As game 2 pro-
gressed, onlookers seemed to guaran-
tee a DuPont victory, bUlas the two left 
the IIoor after Game 2 it was Oietsch 
who had stunned the crowd with the 
15-9 victory. 

DuPont's first set-back 01 the 
day carried into Game 3 as he was 
quickly set down 11-1 . Alterthe match 
DuPont summed up the swing 01 
events, "at the end I just couldn't put il 
away." Bu10Ietschcouldanddld . ..ina 
big way. Congratulations to th is year's 
All-Campus Racquetball champions -
Mike Dietsch and Raphael Dominguez. 

_IDEO GALLERY BJ's Pizzeria 
TUESDAYS=UCSD BARGAIN DAYS 
ALL OVIE E ~LS 9¢ 

NOW PUYING: SINGLE WHITE FEMALE . DIGGSTOWN 
RAISING CAIN . MONSTER IN A BOX (Spalding Gray!) 
COMING SOON: Unlawful Entry 
Cosla Verde Center near Soup 
E.~challge 8750 Genessee. "5~1766 

Piazza Carmel, Del Mar Il ar VOIlS 
3880 Valley Centre Dr • • 792-9923 

Hours: Sun .-Thurs. 11 am-9 pm I Fri.-Sal. 11 am-IO pm 
WE ACCEPT COMPE11TORS' COUPONS 

8873 Villa £ajolla Dr, u/jolla Village Center 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU the best! 

BORDER 
MUSIC 

JEf' f NIESEI_ 
IIIAT IIS EDITUR 

In lhe linernoles toBe/oll ' San Onofre, a compilation of San Diego and Tijuana industrial and techno bands, Trevor Henthorn writes about the paradoxes andcontr.ldictions which 
afflicttheTJ/San Diego border. While 
the border has Ihe potential to be a 
locus of cultural exchange and educa-
tion. it is often a place where barrier.> 
are erected and stringently maintained 
between the "First World" United 
States and "Third World" Mexico_ 
Corporate exploitation and irrespon-
sible tourism often dominate the rela-
tionship between the two countries, 

BelowSallOllojre (available atAs-
soned Vinyl in the Price Center and at 
record stores throughout San Diego) 
is an allempt to both analyze and rec-
tify the meaning of the border. The 
cultural exchange that is featured on 
thecompactdisci impre sive.Athick 
booklet features poetry and visual art 
from both sides of the border and there 
is a mixture of varying music styles 
which express emotions that run the 
gamut from rage to euphoria. 

See TECHNO, page H4 



HlATU 2 The UCSD Guardian ThUJ'1lday, January 28.1993 

---------TIIHUR---------

Although stereotype u ually provide the fuel for debate and controversy. they are 
humorously atirized in the latest 
production by Latins Anonymous. 
"The LA LA LA Awards" is a com-
edy which addre ses (and itself rein-
forces) stereotypical images of 
Latinos seen throughout the United 
States. But while some scenes send 
the audience in hy teric , others, 
laden with cultural references and 
stereotypes not everyone will under-
stand, barely evoke a grin. Even 
though the actors themselves show 
great versatility and range with their 
impersonations. they present too 
much spectacle with too many char-
acters. 

Ac:tGrs 
pret8nd fo ". 

uM .. 1n 
the.,.." 

Uf'heLALA 
LAAWMd~ 

which • 
..,.011 

the Lyceum 
SUp. 

REYDS 

.,., 

cigar-like marijuana joint. He belts 
out sarcastically. "Oh-dah-Iay! Buen-
o noche. buen-os na-cho . What' 
happening?!" . 

America's more familiar Latino 
stars appear later: Chum> (Charo) 
with her signature accent and squeal-
ing; Fantasy Island's Ricardo 
Montal ban , who thinks he is pre-
senting and receiving the Lifetime 
Achievement A ward: and Spanish 
actor Antonio Nalgeras (Banderas) 
with the translation of his false sur-
name referring to his extremely ex-
tenuated bunocks yelling "Mambo" 
every few seconds. Roseanne Barrio 
(Barr) offers her usual vulgar routine 
and reinforces the derisive theme of 
the play when she mentions her pre-
diction of Woody Allen's next film. 
HOlley, I Fucked (he Kids. Three out of the four founders of Latins Anonymou , Luisa Leschin, 

Annando Molina, Diane Rodriguez 
and one new member. ris Franco, 
make up the central cast. From di-
verse countries like Guatemala and 
Colombia. each actor's ethnicity is 
reflected in hi or her work - work 
which primarily deals with the Latino 
experience in the United States to-
day. Each person in thi quadruplet 
caters. hosts and performs in "The 
LA LA LA Awards," quickly trans-
fonning them elve with all sons of 
mimicking appearances. accents and 
altitudes. They humorou Iy imitate 
well-known Latino personalitie by 
presenting exaggerated caricatures. 

Comedy troupe entertains by poking fun at Latino stereotypes 

1lle brutal insults fly in every 
direction at everyone. Even an audi-
ence volunteer is brought up on stage 
and gently ridiculed. They show no 
mercy at the "LA LA LA Awards." 
This troupe, which gives an honest 
show of impersonations. also at-
tempts to enlighten the audience 
about being Latino in America. lat-
ins Anonymous portrays a variety of 
Latin e}(periences in the United States 
with a light-hearted tone, hoping to 
capture the importance of their strife 
without clouding the topic with e)(-
cess seriousness. But by stressing 
the comedic elements. the play runs 
the risk of reinforcing the very ste-
reotypes it's trying to critique. 

The evening at the "Awards" 
begins backstage with the four prin-
cipal actors playing a the "Nacho 
Mama" caterers. Their respective 
backgrounds are immediately re-
vealed through stereotypical jokes 

and je ts. and similar mocking re-
mark continue throughout the cer-
emonies. Molina plays the part-Jew-
ish Pueno Rican who is continually 
reminded that he' lI forever be the 
scapegoat because he is Pueno Rican. 
Leschin plays an uneducated Cuban 
immigr.ll1l. who constantly fears de-
ponation and never has anything in-
telligent to say. 

The other two. played by Franco 
and Rodriquez. second-generation 

Muir College 
Freshmen & Transfer 
Orientation Leaders 

Obtain a job referral form at Part Time 
Employment and bring it to the 
Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS 

Deadline for applications: Friday, February 5 
this Is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewanllnl Job" 

1-

I CAREER OPPORTUNITY I 
RETAIL 

INTERVIEWING 
WEEK 

FEBRUARY 16-19 

MISS THIS CHANCE TO INTERVIEW 
OP RETAILERS FOR A CAREER POSITION 
INESS. 

SIGN UP BY FEBRUARY 3RD 

HI 

CARE UDEI.I. 
CUARDU,~ Rf:I'OItTfR 

Chicanos in Southern California. 
represent moree tablished andedu-
cated Latino figures who strive for 
succe s. over the obstacle of their 
ethnicity. Although these four var-
ied individuals have all attained a 
degree of success. they also live in 
fear of authority and reveal their 
insecurities which come from being 
minorities in a predominantly white 
culture. 

The twist on each impersonated 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cart. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. 1IICIucIeI_ 
spn pkCs. ..t ......... .cape 
...... under IlOOII cbeck. 
v ..... 8- 1>"'1 ....... pIOtJnum ""'" ...... 

nn 
Brake Special * *80 
caDAutoC .. 
Mon .... rt. 7 Mt4 PIlI. Sat. 1-, 
6660 Miramar Rd., sutt. C 

(betIIncI ~) 
San Die,o, CA 12121 
(61') 118-2438 

• most cars 

celebrity, such as a dark. flirtatious 
Latin version of teen idol Luke Perry 
(renamed Luke Perez) or the group 
Los Lobo singing "La Panza." 
(which refers to a Dos Equis beer 
belly) instead of "La Bamba," sets 
the farcical tone from the beginning 
of the play. Molina plays Cheech 
Marin and flashes his tereotypical 
garb and jargon when he emerges 
with long di heveled hair, a bandana 
across his forehead and a gigantic 

"The LA LA LA Awards" plays 
at the Lyceum Stage Theatre in 
Horton Plaza through Feb. 6. Tick-
ets are from $18-24. Info: 235-8025. 

MeAT and Medical School 
Information Seminar 

Freshman. Sophomore, Junior? This seminar provides Ihe essentials YOU 
need to succc sfully ent~r medical school! 
Practical infonnation and malerials will help you wilh: 

• Admissions Process • Interviewing Skills 
• AMCAS Application • MCAT Preparalion 
Included: FilII Mock MCAT, with Detailed Analysis 

Fd)ruary 13 It 14, 1993.81 ..... -5 p.m. Februlry 20 It 1I. 1993.8 LlD.-5 p.m. 
PICIIIc Cbristlan College 0ccideD1II Col" 
1500 E. Nutwood Avenue "to C .. pas Rd., JaII_ Hili 

Fallerton, CA LaI A ...... CA 
$140.00 pre-registration • $160.00 ailM door 

M (' J\. 1\ T 
Medical Careers Advancement And Training 

4500 Campus Drive • Suite 225 • Newport Beach • CA 92660 
~ ____ (714)47fr3027 • FAX (714)476-6286 ____ ...J 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Resuns) 
ABORnON TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUv,.~~ltr-Z,Jf6"N'LE 
tn.,rance. Health Plans 

MedI-CaI Aoceoted 
VIsa, Master card, DiIOOWl' 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
2&400 l.l Al.lnwc1.1 

(71413&·HiHOO 

NFWPORT Bf ACH 
-1<'01 8lrch St 
1/1-11 3S1.1 ~01 

WI FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Thur day, January 28, 1993 

TODRY 
Le¥Rs,LyHe,T~pe. New 
composition by Cecil Lytle and 
George Lewis accompanied by 
new poetry by Quincy Troupe. 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 6 p.m. 
and 8:30 p.m. Info: 534-5404. 

The twentysomething magnum 
opus. Singles, directed by 
Cameron Crowe shows in the 
Price Center Theater at 6:30, 9 
and 11:30 p.m. Tickets are $2, 
$ I in advance. Info: 534-6467. 

Green Apple QuIckstep 
play with Creed Ie and 
Whack at the Casbah at 9 p.m. 
Tickets are $4. Info: 294-9033. 

fRIDAY 
Beyond the 1tfountaIn, a 
Korean film. will premiere in 
San Diego in conjunction with 
the UCSD Korean Cultural 
Festival in Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Tickets are $4 
for students. Info: 534-4090. 

The cwo Political Film Se-
ries presents Two ..., 
WomM: Domesflt: Vb-
lenceand BlJtIet'ed WIves 
at 7 p.m. in Solis Hall 107. 
Admission is free. 

African-American novelist 
Terry McM .... the author 

of Waiting to £rhale, will ap-
pear as part of UCSO's New 
Writing Series at 7 p.m. in 
Pelerson Hall 108. Info: 534-
3210. 

SRTURDHY 
Korean Aria .... Chorus. 
music perfomled by the Hanmi 
Opem Company of Los Angeles 
and the Korean Choir of San 
Diego at 8 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theatre. lnfo: 534-7624. 

Annal Bagplays withGreta 
at Club 860 in Pacific Beach at 
8:30p.m. Ticketsare$7.02.Info: 
272-1513. 

SUNDRY 
The Chldren's Theatre 
Com..-y of Minneapolis 
will perfonn a mu ical adapta-
tion of "The Jungle Book" at 7 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets are $8 to $10 and $14 to 
$16. lnfo: 534-4090. 

TUESDAY 
Mac. a film written and directed 

The UC 0 Guardian 

UP COM I N G 

by John Turturro. will premiere 
as part of the International Style 
Film Festival at Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 8 p.m. Ticket for 
students are $4. but a student 
pass 10 the festival is $25. Info: 
534-6467. 

Woody Allen 's infamous psyche 
can be studied in comic detail 
when Husbands and WIves 
plays at the Price CenterTheatre 
at 8 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $ I in advance. $2 day of 
show. Info: 534-6467. 

THEATER 
San Diego RepertcM y: "The 
Latins Anonymous Lifetime 
Achievement Awards" will be 
performed through Feb. 6. 
"L.A.L.A.A." is a satire that ex-
plore the way the media pro-
motes stereotypes of Latinos. 
Performances are Tue day 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $ 19 to $24. Info: 
235-8025. 

North Coast Repertory The-
atre: "The Immigrant." Mark 
Harelik 's lribute to his grandfa-
Iher. conlinues through Feb. 13. 
The play is about a young Jewish 
immigrant in Texas. Perfonn-
ances are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Saturday and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets mnge 
from $ I to $ I 4. Info: 481-1055. 

Mandell Weiss Forum: Wil-
liam Shake peare's "Romeo and 
Juliet ," direcled by Tom 
Quaintance. will open Wednes-
day and continue through Feb. 7. 
Wednesday's perf0l111anCe will 
be at 8 p.m. StudeOltickets are$6. 
Info: 534-3793. 

Spreckels Theatre: ··Grease." 
the famous musical featuring 
greasers and T-bird . will be fea-
tured from Feb. 3-2 I as part of the 
San Diego Civic Light Opera's 
Broadway Serie . Shows are at 8 
p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. 2 
p.m. and 7 p.m. Sundays. Tickets 
are $ 17-$32. Info: 278-TIXS. 

GR~~ERIES 
MandevileGallery: "Concep-
tual Sculpture: Body and Soul," 

J:-JlAT 3 

an exhibition featuring the sculp-
ture work of three anists. Brent 
Riggs. Daniel Wheeler und 
Larissa Wilson from Jan. 30 to 
March 7. There will be an artists' 
reception Saturday Jan. 30 from 
3-5 p.m. The gallery is open Tues-
day through Sunday. noon to 5 
p.m. Admission is free . Info: 534-
2864. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sierbak: Stutes of 
Being" focuses on the body. the 
bedroom and clothing as meta-
phor and i on display until Feb. 
28. The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m.undWednesdayfrom 10a.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admission for studenls 
is $2. Info: 454-3541 . 

Grove Gallery: "New Terri-
tory : The Vietnamese Artists 
Project Begins," which features 
the work of a dozen Vietnamese-
American anists, is on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.l11. to 5 p.m. and Smur-
day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Ad-
mission is free . Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: " Perfect Moments on 
Planet Earth." an exhibit celebmt-
ing Ihe Museum 's 10th anniver-
sary will open Wednesday, Feb. 3 
and continue through March 14. 
TIle show will fealure nearly 160 
rJrely seen photographs from the 
permanent collection. The mu-
seum is open daily from 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. Admission is $3. Info: 
239-5262. 

A triumph! 
Washington Post THEATRE 

" if \. 



HlATU 4 

TECHNO: CD 
compilation mixes 
poetry and music 
ContInued from ..... HI 

Six of the bands featured on the 
compilation will be perfonning Sat-
urday at Soma in downtown San 
Diego. Henthorn and Brenda 
Alvarado, the two responsible for 
gening all the artists together to 
record the disc, recently spoke about 
their goals and hopes for cultural 
exchange and the local mu ic scenes 
in San Diego and Tijuana. 

Henthorn aid that one motiva-
tion for puning out the compilation 
was the ab ence of any local compi-
lation despite a fairly active local 
mu ic ene. 

"We wanted to do something 
that hadn't been done before. We 
wanted to do a cro -border music 
compilation, and we thought, while 
we're at it, why don't we do a big art 
project of artists, writers, mu icians 
and every type of arti t we could 
think of. 

"To include as much poetry and 
artwork as pos ible, we made the 

CD booklet out of the thinnest paper 
we could find that was still thicker 
than rice paper. We wanted to get 
the bands together with the artists." 

As a member of the industrial 
band Sweat Engine and the engi-
neer at KSDT a few years ago, 
Henthorn is familiar with the local 
music scene. He has also played in 
Alvarado's band Algo Anda Mal in 
Tijuana. Musicians wou1d often di-
rect Henthorn to other artists and 
writers who often attended local 
clubs. TIle artist who did the cover 
offered to do some art work for 
HenthomafieraSwearEngine how. 

Through the helpof many friends, 
Henthorn managed to finance the 
production co tsoftheCD. Hee ti-
mated 50 to 60 people helped with 
printing the artwork, mixing the CD 
and other tages in the process. Al-
though the c mpilation is catego-
rized as " technolindu trial," the la-
bel doesn't do justice to its diver-
sity. 

"We tried to give people some 
sort of idea of what sort of music it 
i ,owe called it technolindustrial . 
There are actually many different 
types of techno on the di c. There' 

The UCSD Guardian 

harder edge techno, there 's defi-
nitely one song that is a rave song. 
San Diego isn't known for having a 
large techno audience, but you go 
over to Hamburg and four of the top 
industrial bands live in that one town, 
so we sent our stuff over there and 
they said. 'This is great ... 

Henthorn said reception of the 
compilation in San Diego has paled 
compared to that of Tijuana. "Just 
because of the culture, the hype in 
Tijuana has been a little bit higher 
about the concept and about the 
cultural and historical significance." 

The compilation has also been 
well-received outside of Baja and 
the United States. "It 's been sent to 
Guatemala, Mexico City, Spain and 
we think it will be promoted in 
Colombia," Alvarado said. The 
mu ic i also being played by Mexi-
can radio tation and is in KSDT's 
rotation. 

While many of the bands fea-
tured on the CD are just starting out, 
the artists featured in the liner notes 
are more well-known. 

HMo t of the writers and photog-
raphersareone thataree tablished. 
They are writers of the edge, but 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 
011 my God. nay lIava luns! 

NEW 
EMILIOEST£VE Z SAMUEL L JACKSON NATIONAL " ... -p;rv-,-,.j::;; 'in 

, •• ~ '.-0 PHER OEMING "" .. """ .. ~ MICHEL 
...... ~,. OON HOLLH G[NE QUINTANO ~., ..... 

w" 3 ARTS ENlI:tHAIINMEN 
T JON LOVlTl 11M CURRY KATHY IRELAND WILLIAM SHATN£R 

KLEIN _ ERWIN STOrr .. DON HOLLEY. TORllELLEM • 
UZANNE TODD _ DAVID WILLIS "" " GENE QUINTANO 

"""' ':_CU NEW UNE CINEMA 

FREE MOVIE POSTERS 
Monday, February 1 

8:00 PM 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Passes Available At 
UCSD Box Office 

At Noon, Friday January 29 
Presented By 

University Events 

most of them already have a large 
curriculum," Alvarado said. 

"One of them, Rosina Conde, 
has won national prizes for litera-
ture and Jerome Rothenberg [who 
teaches poetry classes at UCSD] 
has won prizes for poetry. To me, 
that had a lot of value that they 
wanted to collaborale and contrib-
ute their work. 1be main content of 
the writing and the images repre-
sents the human urban product of 
the industrial and post-industrial era, 
especially the dart and violent side, 
the angry side, the isolation and the 
pollution." 

The artists capture this sense of 
urban decay in various ways. Andre 
Vazquez's Dali-esque paintings 
have keleton-like creatures wres-
tling with their environments. The 
photos by Alfonso Lorenzana and 
Julieta Bartolini how humans be-
ing tonured as their bodies are 
twisted and contorted. 

These dystopian themes are re-
flected in the compilation's title 
which places the border between 
the San Onofre nuclear power plant 
and the TJ thermonuclear plant. But 
both Henthorn and Alvarado 
stre sed that the project is not en-
tirely pe simistic. 

"The first two songs are very 
aggressive industrial songs. 
Espresso Roma tried playing it at 
eight in the morning and it dido 't go 
over too well, because you just can' t 
Ii ten to violent music in the morn-
ing," Henthorn said. "Industrial 
music is saying you got to wake up 
and do something. 

"You take the concept of' wake 
up' and apply it to the border. One of 
the concepts I wrote about was what 
goes on at borders. You've got the 
factories and people who are work-
ing for below minimum wage. It 's a 

Thursday, January 28, 1993 

clear sign of American exploitation 
of the border ituation," Henthorn 
said. 

Alvarado agreed with Henthorn, 
saying that the future North Ameri-
can Free Trade Agreement doe not 
bode well for low-income families. 
She said that working-class people 
on both sides of the border will be 
hurt if governments and businesses 
do not take some responsibility. 

'1'here needs to be a different 
anitude on the part of the govern-
ments about economics. Big busi-
nesses need to be more conscious 
about different groups of people. 
They know that this is what borders 
are all about - mmets for human 
labor. Below San Onofre is a reflec-
tion of the current condition . Art is 
usually a reflection of your condi-
tions." 

It is still too early to tell if Below 
San Onofre will trigger a new open-
ness toward cultural exchange be-
tween Tijuana and San Diego. But 
there are already signs that Henthorn 
and Alvarado's project will create 
more egalitarian cooperation be-
tween the two cultures. 

"One of the bands, Pain Emis-
ion, got signed by a German label 

and Andre Vazquez from Tijuana 
will be doing the artwork," Henthorn 
said. "One of the goals of this project 
was to link up different people, and 
here one of the San Diego bands has 
linked up with a Tijuana artist who 
would never have met and they have 
gotten signed and will be distrib-
uted al1 over Europe." 

Soma is located at 555 Union 
Street in downtown San Diego. 
Sweat Engine, Pain Emission, Tit 
Wrench, Artefakto, Apparition and 
Secret Secret play at 8 p.m. Satur-
day, Jan. 30. Tickets are $5. Call 
239-S0MA for more information. 

r----------------

.Universlty 1's $7." 
original S 14 

• University: 
Sweats $14.'9 
original $24 

Hot New Designsl 
With coupon only thru 1/31/93. 
Not good with any other offer. 

wj)acific ~ye~ &T& 
8855 Villa La Jolla Drive #401 • 535-0365 L ____________________ ~ 


