
Elsewhere 
ASUCD DIscu .... Fee 
To Support Athletics 
DAVIS -In response to the 
recent rash of budget cuts, UCD 
Associated Students (ASUCD) 
discussed two separate mea-
sures that would increase 
student fees $25.50 and $34, 
respectively. Revenue from the 
smaller levy would support the 
campus' athletic program, 
which is slated for a 100 
per~ent cut in UCD's proposed 
budget. If approved, the larger 
fee would fund on-campus 
health services as well as 
support the athletic department. 
Students will be given a chance 
to choose one of the two 
proposals or reject both 
measures entirely if the action 
is approved by the ASUCD. 

LaIcI-off Lecturer 
Will Retain Position 
SANTA BARBARA- UCSB 
administrators reversed 
them elves and decided to 
retain Otis Madison, a popular 
Black Studies lecturer. When it 
was announced last month that 
Madison's contract would not 
be renewed, several student 
groups on campus protested, 
accusing the UCSB administra-
tion of discriminating against 
the African-American lecturer. 
Associate Vice Chancellor for 
Academic Personnel Julius 
Zelmanowitz said "new 
information" led administrators 
to reconsider their earlier 
decision. 

Students Push for 
Cultural Requirement 
LOS ANGELES - A new 
coalition of UCLA students has 
formed in an attempt to create a 
campus-wide ethnic and gender 
tudies requirement. A previous 

proposal to institute an Ameri-
can Cultures requirement was 
rejected by a faculty senate 
committee. In place of the 
American Cultures requirement, 
the committee approved three 
resolutions that attempt to 
integrate multicultural perspec-
tives into the existing cirriculum. 

Inside 

'~ 
~.-... .,. ... -~, 

" I ASCREAM 
HIATUS: May Day 
concert features local 
bands. H1 

SPORTS: Baseball ends 
season with 10-7 loss to 
CSUSB. 11 

Index 

, H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 6,1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 12 

Atkinson: 'We Are in Serious Trouble' 
BUDGET: Task force fmds that 
expected 9 percent cut to UCSD 
will have. serious consequences 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

In anticipation of the third straight year of 
cuts to university funding, a joint Academic 
Senate and administration task force unveiled 
plans last Friday for budget cuts ranging from 6 
to 15 percent over the current proposed level. 
The plan calls for drastic cuts to programs and 
services throughout the university. 

According to the report, the university ex-
pects at least a 9 percent, or $21 million, cut, 
although a final decision cannot be made until 
the UC Regents approve a budget later this 
month. 

To offset the cuts, the plan recommends the 
elimination of hundreds of low-enrollment 
classes and more than 70 teaching positions. 
The fledgling UCSD School of Architecture 
will be uspended or eliminated and several 
departments in the Graduate School oflntema-
tional Relations and Pacific Studies (IRIPS) will 

UC Faces Another 
$200 Million Cut 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

The cash-strapped University of California 
system may have its state funding cut by an 
additional $200 million next year, over the $135 
million already proposed, in a plan currently 
being circulated in the California Legislature. 

According to University of California Stu-
dent Association (UCSA) Executive Director 
Andy Shaw, the budget proposal originally sub-
mitted by Gov. Pete Wilson last January may 
leave the state with a several billion dollar 
deficit, and the funding shortfall may actually be 
much more severe. 

The legislature's budget scenarios leave out 
Wilson's call for a cut in the renter's credit tax 
deduction, which has met with fierce resistance 
from lawmakers, and the nearly one-and-a-half 
billion dollar federal immigration assistance 
package that Washington has rejected. 

The result has been two possible scenarios, 
according to Shaw. The first, called "scenario 
A," assumes that no additional funding will 

See AJNDING, Page 2 

be closed or scaled back. 
In the first ever state-of-the-campus-address 

on Monday, Chancellor Richard Atkinson told 
a gathering of students and staff that UCSD is in 
dire straights. 

"A 20 percent cut in two years translates into 
bitter, vicious decisions .... We are in very seri-
ous trouble," Atkinson said. 

"The problem is that the state of California 
has walked away from supporting the Univer-
sity of California. It's cJearto me that the UC is 
being held out and asked to take much bigger 
cuts than any other part of the state." 

Vice President External Nick Endres agreed 
with Atkinson, saying that the leadership of the 
state is too wrapped up in petty politics to make 
the right choices. 

"If the legislature and the governor really 
have the best interests of the state in mind, 
higher education would be the last thing that 
would be cut by the budget axe," he said. 

The entire UC system fllces an anticipated 
$243 million shortfall in state funding starting 
July I. The regents have already voted to boost 

See BUDGET, Page 7 

File Photo 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson told students 
that the budget crisis Is threatening UCSD. 

Judicial Board Finds Siwabessy Guilty 
DECISION: New A.S. president 
found ineligible to hold office 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer • 

The Associated Students Judicial Board ruled 
yesterday that recently-elected A.S. President 
Randolph Siwabes y "was not in good standing 
with the university and thus was ineligible to run 
in the 1993 Spring Election." The decision 
follows the board's hearing on a grievance filed 
by Elections Manager Beth Gesson. 

Mea9while, on Monday the Judicial Board 
refused to hear a second grievance contesting 
Siwabessy's eligibility, deferring the case to the 
ElectionAdministration Committee (EAC). The 
EAC will hear the case at 5 p.m. next Monday. 

Revelle College senior D.A. Bartolotta, who 
lost to Siwabessy in the presidential election, 
filed the second grievance against Siwabessy 
and the "Student Action Now!" slate. contend-
ing that Siwabessy is ineligible for office be-
cause he is not a registered student this quarter. 
and that the rest of the slate may be disqualified 
if Siwabessy is found guilty of a violation. 

Although the decision in Gesson v. Siwabessy 

disqualifies Siwabessy from holding office, it 
does not address whether the vacated presi-
dency should be filled by Vice President Ad-
ministrative Carla Tesak, who takes over if the 
president is removed or resigns. or if a new 
election should be held. 

Judicial Board Chair Sally Sherry said that 
the board would be empowered to make such a 
decision only if presented with a ca e regarding 
how to fill the open seat. 

The Judicial Board heard arguments on 
Gesson's grievance last Friday, despite 
Siwabessy's objections that the A.S. Constitu-
tion assigns the EAC original jurisdiction to 
hear conflicts arising from student elections, 
and thatthe Judicial Board only hears appeal of 
such cases. 

The Gesson grievance was accepted by the 
Judicial Board because the board was told that 
the EAC no longer exists since the election 
period is over. On Monday, former A.S. presi-
dent Mike Holmes, representating Siwabessy 
and the Student Action Now! slate, pointed out 
that EAC members are still in power because 
they are appointed in Fall Quarter to a one-year 

See SIWABESSY, Page 8 

Fire Crews Hold 
l)~iJI at Urey Hall 

Dan McDowell! 

By Rltu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego Fire Department imulated a 
high-rise fire in a tmining exerci eat Urey Hall last 
Sunday, spraying streams of water from the sixth 
and seventh floors of the Revelle College building. 

Battalion Chief Terry Finch said the exercise 
was intended to give crews experience fighting 
fires in high-rise buildings. 

"This is the first training exercise we've had 
with the San Diego Fire Department - it was an 
extremely beneficial experience," UCSD Fire 
Marshal Richard Benton said. 

The drill began at 8 a.m. and lasted until noon. 

Flrefllhtera battle a pretend blaze In the top floors of Urey Hal last Sunday. 

Although no fire was used in the drill, crews made 
connections with the city water and standpipe 

See FIRE, Page 2 



'; 

2 NEWS 

Berkeley Administration' 
Seeks Budget Priority 
1""""-: UCB says it deserves special treabnent 
during the budget crisis as the 'flagship' campus 
By Ertc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Chancellors from the nine Uni-
versity of California campuses met 
in Oakland yesterday to detennine 
whether UC Berkeley, as the "flag-
ship" campus, should be treated dif-
ferently than the other UCs in the 
wake of state budget cuts. 

A plan currently under discus-
sion would modify the early retire-
ment plan, devised to reduce costs 
for faculty saJaries, to suit Berkeley's 
needs. Results of the meeting were 
not released yesterday. 

"Because we have older faculty 
than the other campuses, we have 
been hit the hardest by early retire-
ment," said Marie Felde of UCB 
public relations. Although there are 
nine campuses, one quaner of all 
faculty opting to retire early have 
come from Berkeley, she said. 

If the plan is passed, Berkeley 
faculty will be given less incentive 
to retire early than professors at 
other campuses, Felde said. She 
added that the treabnent is not pref-
erential to Berkeley, since it just 
makes up for UCB's losses. 

Berkeley faculty and adminis-
trators may be seeking preferential 
treabnent in a different form, how-
ever. At an April 29 press confer-
ence, UCB Vice Chancellor John 
Heilbron said the schoorshould not 
take as many budget cuts as other 
UC campuses because it is more 
prestigious than other campuses. 

Tim Yeung, vice president of 
academic affairs for the UCB Asso-

FUNDING: uc 
may face another 
$200 million cut 
Continued from page 1 
appear and calls for an additional 
$200 million cut to the UC. 

The second scenario assumes that 
the temporary half-cent state sales 
tax currently in effect, but due to 
expire in January, would be contin-
ued for the next year. That would 
result in only a $60 million addi-
tional cut. 

"The most realistic scenario is 
scenario A," because of RepubJican 

FIRE: Water flows 
freely in full scale 
drill at Urey Hall 
ContInued from page 1 
system in seven-story Urey Hall 
and doused the concrete outside the 
building between 9:30 and to a.m. 

"Using Urey Hall was a chal-

ciated Students (ASUCB), said the 
move for preferential treatment has 
gained support among many UCB 
faculty and administrators. 

"The underlying message [at the 
April 29 conference) was that some 
faculty felt Berkeley, because of its 
reputation, should be spared some 
cuts," Yeung said, adding that the 
sentiment was widespread among 
faculty. 

However, Yeung said that most 
ASUCB officers do nOl support pref-
erential treatment, which he said 
would hurt the whole UC system. 

"Personally, I feel [special treat-
ment is) a misguided notion. It's 
like the legislature is trying to throw 
us a little nugget, and we start fight-
ing each other for what little we 
have," he said. 

Yeung added that it is rumored 
that UCB Chancellor Chang-Lin 
Tien threatened to resign if certain 
measures, such as the modification 
to the early retirement plan, were 
rejected. Such rumors were denied 
by Tien, according to the UCB Of-
fice of Public Relations. 

Office of the President staff 
would neither confirm nor deny that 
UC President Jack Peltason is dis-
cussing possible different lreabnent 
for Berkeley. 

h[Peltason) understands the con-
cems that have been expressed and 
is trying his best to give campuses 
flexibility and discretion in dealing 
with budget cuts," said Office of the 
President Senior Public Informa-
tion Representative Mike Alva. 

resistance to the sales tax, Shaw said 
yesterday. 

But he added that either budget 
scenario "throws everything back 
to the drawing board." 

Shaw said the UCSA is planning 
to lobby for the sales tax continua-
tion and for the proposed elimina-
tion of tax deductions for business 
lunches and country club fees. 

No final decision on state fund-
ing will be made until the governor's 
annual "May revise" is released 
sometime in the next week. The 
May revise updates the budget fig-
ures before the legislature takes fts 
final vote. 

lenge, but it enabled our crews to get 
good practice in working on a high-
rise structure," Benton said. Benton 
added that the exercise helped to 
pinpoint problem areas and drills 
that need more practice. 

The drill was coordinated be-
tween the San Diego Fire Depart-
ment and UCSD's Office of Envi-
ronmental Health and Safety. 

The OCSD QaUI is Ptijshed ~ n:I TIUIdIJs dtItrC 1he academic 'jUt by ard b 1he studIIU 
of OCSD. 1IepocLdlon ot tl'i11Wljllllll1n ~ 101m, wIIett'er In whole Olin part, wIfQ.( pem;uton ~ 
s!J1djy poo/\i)IIIG. e 1991l1li ., --.ed. The OCSD GuriM II not resporoIbIe b 1he IIUn of 
lIISOiIdIed 1M1UIafp!s ... .to The Wows........, In ~ ard sIpd ietIIIS 01 amnenIftI ell not 
re<esWIy ......... 1he opirions of The OCSD a.n.." 1he LWoersiIy of ~ 0I1he AsJOdalod 
Sti.dents. The 0CSIl GW1fM ~ funded solely by -*C. We' .. -. fa' """" of I _ IdIol 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday. May 6.1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY ••• 

1)) ~, 'WE R9.Q~ OOGIIT 
'R) ~T£R ~ C\)~~. 
1 NE'/£R ltEA.l12EO ~ 
. ~OC" fUN II 

IS TO 'f(1t-\! 

DAA~~ IN P"t~T-\>[l\O\NG 
"3·0 GQItE·Q·RMAA: fll',) 

I'I<~ ~\Q "<1\)~'( 
A.'\1i,t.c.r flIES. ~OU'li TIlE 

~~~ \~ Sl'Umll.ED 
~\TI\ ~~t1TI SNJC.E! 

I ~ m 'fOO~ ~ 
lUST SIC\:. />3)\JT 'iOJR 
C\\r>.~~<;. ~ "'I~~I~ . 

OIl. 'fC)J ~ 
lIO'II ~oru; 
-.1tE. ilIE'1 
~~~I1f. 
GII.9.TIlW> ~ 
SIlM.f. AIlT\olORITi 
CON>lR .... S IT. 

~~ .~ 
.. -

'--_.O..:='----':=. ....... _~ L:-=.;,::,, ______ ...J 

Dr. Seuss Collection to Go on Display 
Original drawings and other selected memorabilia 

from the "Dr. Seuss Collection" will go on display at the 
Central Library beginning May 24 and continuing through 
August . 

The exhibit will include some of the 4,000 items from 
the workshop of the late Theodor "Dr. Seuss" Geisel 
recently donated to UCSD by the author's widow, Audrey 
Stone Geisel. 

The exhibit, located on the main floor of the Central 
Library, will be divided into three sections, each repre-
senting a different part of the author's life. The first will 
display work from Geisel's early years at Oxford and his 
stint in commercial advertising. The second will center 
on his World War II service and his political cartoons, and 
the third will feature illustrations and other work from his 
children's books, two adult books and memorabilia from 
film productions of the '70s and '80s. 

UCSD Med Center Performs 
1,000th Kidney Transplant 

Surgeons in UCSD Medical Center perfooned the 
center's one-thousandth kidney transplant last month. 

Four-year-old Dustin England of Oceanside received 

~.:.,.:'.:.::.:' 

his mother's kidney in an operation performed by a 
surgical team led by Dr. Shujun Li. 

Nicholas Halasz, the transplant program's founder 
and director, performed the center's first kidney trans-
plant in 1968. Today, children asyoung as 18 months 
and weighing as little as 20 pounds receive kidney 
transplants at the center. 

In addition to kidney transplants, the Medical Center 
perfonns heart, lung, bone marrow, cornea, skin, heart 
valve, bone, soft tissue and kidney/pancreas trans-
plants. 

Artwork by Conrad Atkinson to 
Go on Display at Mandeville 

WOI1Is by Conrad Atkinson, acknowledged as one of 
Britain's most important artists, are on display in the 
Mandeville Gallery through June 13. 

Atkinson Is known for incorporatl~ popular culture 
and politics into his art. Since the mid-198Os, he has 
used newspapers as the medium for his paintings and 
prints, juxtaposing or interrelating text and visual I~ 
ages to make his own commentary on contemporary 
culture, politics, sports and economics. 

The Guardian 

weather '''I'D,t 
Thurs: 71·/57" FrI: 71·/58· lilt: 73·/59· 
Source: National We8lher Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 

PHIUP MICHAB.S, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Features Editor 
GREGO WRENN, Sports Editor 

DDI8II CONaILTAIIIT: .t.Ms Collier 
IUUAlUITOIII: MICfIe Croft. TIIlI Eorr. Netnan Enln. SpeecI FIITII . Jennlfer 
Hilt, Oomln!e LobOla. AIIn LundWen, Adriano Muiloz. Klllie Roe . AI Spo"" 
OIII.IIIIL Joel MlOkI. Wilson CheuI1I. Marcus Lobb18. ChrIItopher Lock 
1'tIOTOCIIW'MII: Devtct Cho. Jaaon Curran. Sklart Oeb. SluILevlne, Chuck 

N&uYen~splnl COrn . M!enelle Chllll1i. ArOn Miller. Jessie SpIIn&er. Mal-Lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: nm Un 
IIIITOIIW. AUltTAIIIT: BrIan K. Hutto 
lDVIImIM AIIISTMT: Tere Eo" 

BOB DMNDREA, BusJness Mamwer 
MICHML FOUW, AcNertisItW Men.,., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad.<ettIsiIW De.,.,., 

L LIIGH HlNRY, Classified ~1WNtIt1ltM 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIOUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, AsSOCiate News Editor 

SENIOR STAfF _1TEItS: Jenny Galan&. Dan Krauss, M8Unew ROOlnson. Brett 
Rhyne. Michael Schwartz. Sheryl Wolcott 
ITAFI'w.TUtS: Elaine Camuso. Krista Carpenler. Ter~ o.."an. Albert Gerlbeldl. 
Kirsten Halverson. BIlIyHwana. Melissa Jacobs. G¥ Johnson. ROdef1Ck Lee. Ben 
LlVlne. wendy MCNeill. Theresa MOOAt. Julie Pal<. Paul Phillips. Jell Praulht . Ely 
Rabanl. Blair Rklley. Kara Saul. R~u Sa>ena. Bree Sepl. Alexa J. Sherman. 1<aren 
Sple&el. Grepy Stepl1ena 

Edltortel: 5~580. Business Offlce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
VCSD a ...... , 9&00 Gilman Drive 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actu04 _ : SeccncI Floor. UCSO StucMnt c.n. .. ~ 'A' 

Thursday, May 6,1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Architecture School Nears Oosure Administration, A.S. Come 
To Terms on Co-op Deal CUTS: Task force 

recommends 3-year 
suspension of program 
By ChrIs Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

A budget-reduction task force 
recommended last Friday that 
UCSD's year-Old School of Archi-
tecture be suspended forthree years, 
a move that may lead to the elimina-
tion of the department. 

According to a report drafted by 
task force chairs Stephen Cox and 
Stanley Chodorow, the new pro-
gram would not be able to expand 
fast enough to obtain professional 
accreditation and to "attain matu-
rity." 

The task force recommended that 
the campus "disestablish, suspend 
or discontinue" the School of Ar-
chitecture. 

"The task force believes that no 
conception of the campus' core pro-
grams would put Architecture above 
any of the existing depanments or 
programs. It is inconceivable that 
the campus would disestablish a 

ge~eral campus department or pro-
gram while continuing to add re-
sources to Architecture," Cox and 
Chodorow wrote in the report. 

The task force was fonned to 
make recommendations for imp le-
mentingbudgetcutsatUCSD, which 
may be forced to cut spending by 
nine percent next year because of 
cutbacks in state support for the 
University of California. 

Many of the students and faculty 
atthe School of Architecture will be 

transferred to design programs at 
UCLA and UC Berkeley. Students 
in the one-year "Masters of Archi-
tecture 2" program will graduate on 
schedule in December. 

The Academic Senate Council 
endorsed the task force's recom-
mendation to close the architecture 
school. 

Council chair George Backus 
said the suspension was due entirely 
to budgetary reasons. 

''There is no question that all the 
people [in the School of Architec-
ture) are highly competent.. .. This is 
definitely a question of budget," he 
said. 

Associate Architecture Profes-
sor Susan Ubbelonde called the fac-
ulty "world-class." She said when 
the school was initiated several years 
ago, 300 people applied for five 
professorships. 

"These were the plum jobs ... ," 
she said. "These were the most ex-
citing jobs for architecture faculty 
in the last 20 years." 

Ubbelonde said she is trying to 
get a faculty spot at UC Berkeley for 
next fall, adding that the architec-
ture faculty feels cheated. 

"We feel like we've had a couple 
years of our professional Ii ves taken 
away from us," she said. 

According to Backus, students 
entered the program under the as-
sumption that the department would 
grow and become accreaited over 
the next few years. 

The decision will allow students 
to make other educational plans and 
hopefully enter a professionally-

The Most Instructionally Intensive Commercial Prep Course in the Country 

A. 
PROFESSIONAL 

< MeAT> 
PREP COURSE 

'V 

#1 in SD Enrollments (Apr'c)1) 
#1 in Required In-Class IIrs 
#1 in Officiall\lat'l .. Given 
#1 in Full-Time Instructors 

#1 in Essay .. Written (lol) 
#1 in Applic . Re .. ources 

#1 in "Grind bctor" 
(IIL'cd .IIOIIIlSk?) 

Classes start June 19th ... 
H!J!)() l'il/a La .Jol/a /Jr, S"ite JJ:JJ, behind 

the Ileph,lI1t B.u and U Torito, ,lCroS" 
the street (mm LCSD. 

!! If 800 843-4973 
- -,r---, ,........., r""l' "......-",.--, ,.........,~ .... ,..........,~ ... 

• ~'> ... Ji fjj'j;.Ji ... ii· 'j,6.;i,;;i,~ ' • • iI~ ":J" 
WHEN ITS TIME TO GET SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST · 

(OSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WAsH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd, • 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WAtER 

4r-UCSD 1 
~ L. JOII. VIII.II. Dr. I 

I :'111 Dr. 
UTC 

II 
z_® I J ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE" DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------: III Full Service $ 99 

: ~?~~~ P!! !A!! 3 ~M" 
I C 'IR WASH Not valid wilh any otl'1er DHer, SAVE $04.26 

accredited architecture program, he 
said. 

David Johnson, a graduate stu-
dent in the School of Architecture, 
said there was "a great deal of help-
lessness and frustration" among stu-
dents who entered the new depan-
ment this year. 

"I think there's a lot of short-
sightedness in the midst of [the bud-
get cuts]," said Johnson, who will 
be transferring to UC Berkeley in 
the fall. 

According to Backus, the actual 
disestablishment of a deparnnent is 
a "complicated" process that will 
not be complete for some time. 

"There'$ a lot of ground to be 
traversed before something actu-
ally happens," he said. 

Backus added that a recommen-
dation to the chancellor must be 
made by Vice Chancellor of Aca-
demic Affairs Marjorie Caserio if 
the school is to be closed down. 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson must 
then make a recommendation to the 
UC Regents before the proposal is 
approved. 

But Ubbelonde said that since 
the school will have no students and 
no faculty for the next three years, 
the "procedures [for disestablishing 
the school) are irrelevant." She said 
that the preliminary suggestions the 
task force made in March were 
enough to effectively close the 
school. . 

Ubbelonde added that the school 
"will probably be left to exist on 
paper," instead of being formally 
closed by the regents. 

By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

After two months of negotia-
tion, the Associated Students and 
the administration signed the Co-
op Memorandum of Understand-
ing, leaving only the co-ops and 
the Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) to sign before the May 30 
deadline. 

In a meeting last Saturday, the 
A.S. voted to approve fonner A.S. 
President Mike Holmes' signature 
onthedocument. Thecouncil voted 
10.0, with two abstentions. 

After the vote, Holmes was 
optimistic that the other parties 
involved would sign as well. "I 
feel the council was really work-
ing in good faith to get the provi-
sions in there that all parties would 
agree to," he said. 

The administration approved 
the agreement yesterday. when it 
was signed by Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Joseph 
Watson. Acting Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Student Programs 
Lynne Peterson, who served as the 
university's negotiating represen-
tative, said that she thinks the A.S. 
did everything possible to revise 
the memorandum to the satisfac-
tion of all those involved. 

"I certainly think it is a fair 
document," she said. "Mike 
[Holmes) and his committee have 
done their best to look out for the 
students' best interests." 

However, co-op negotiator 

Chloe Burke said that she feels the 
AS. was hasty in approving the 
document. She said she is not sat-
isfied with the provisions for stu-
dent autonomy, panicularly one 
clause which makes clear that the 
AS./GSA oversight of the co-ops 
is a regent-<ielegated authority. 
"The fact that they signed the docu-
ment with this clause included 
makes me think that the AS. did 
not look over this document very 
carefully," she said. 

Acting A.S. President Carla 
Tesak said that the council was 
aware of the clause, but that it is 
something which is unavoidable. 

''The AS. and GSA are not 
autonomous [as of now), so we 
need the administration 's approval 
to get involved in the co-ops over-
sight," she said. 

Holmes agreed with Tesak. 
saying, "We have not been histori-
cally autonomous, so it is a much 
different situation [than if we were 
autonomous). We were not going 
to jeopardize the agreement with 
the co-ops by not signingthedocu-
ment," he said. 

"The goal of the autonomy sec-
tion of the document is to get to 
that point [where we are self-gov-
erned)," he added. 

Tesak agreed, citing a clause 
which requests that the adminis-
tration prove its support of au-
tonomy in a letter to the regents. 

If the co-ops refuse to sign this 
See CO-OPS, Page 7 

APPAREL ZONE 
MOTHER'S DAY CLOTHING SALE 

Thursday, May 6-
Sunday, May 9 
B eing a Mor.' 

is not an ea y job. 
Sit back for a moment 
and think about a ll 
you have put your 

Mom through. 
The sleep less nights: 

countless worries. 
So thi week. buy her a gift 
to show her how much you 

appreciate all she has done I'or you. 

This weekend only 
All Women's Merchandise 

25% OFF 
already low ticketed prices 

Not val id with any other oner. 

And, receive FREE a famous 
name-brand make-up kit or agenda 
with any purchase of $30 or more. 

(While supplics last) 

APPAREL ZONE 
Where you can find the hottest name-brand 
clothing for the entire family at 50%-90% 

below re~ail every day. 
Pacific Beach 

931 Garne. Ave . 
463-5 150 

E.conclido 
I~scondido Promen"de 

7.37·6 167 

I Expires 6118193 !O. 1993. 
. ..: .. ~ .. .:.:.:;.:.: __ ::.: .:.! ~1o-:": __ ~ __ ~~ ___ ,:",-..-_. _____ _ I ... If ... .. -!... ~~:!!.iii.,,;.::i.I.iIillIlli~~!r:~~ .... __ !!!!I~~ 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

TIle UCSl) GuMl1lMlls publisnec:l twice a _It tile University of Califomla. san Dieao. Contents 
Q1993. v ___ hefein represent tile majort1)l Il0l. a/1he editorial board. end are not 

_ .... rtly tho .. 01 the UC Board of R....,ts. tile ASUCSD. "'" tile entire Gull"'.n staff. 

n.e JudiciallJoiwd FIddles 
While 5lwabe_y Bums 

Based on their perfonnance this past week, the members of the 
A.S. Judicial Board will never run the risk of being mistaken for 
Solomon. Unlike the biblical king who was renowned for his 
wisdom, the Judicial Board will likely be remembered for its 
inconsistent rulings, its clumsy grasp of procedure and its slight 
understanding of the rules that it was created to enforce. 

On Friday, in the case of Gesson v. Siwabessy, the AS. Judicial 
Board ruled that it had jurisdiction in the case filed by AS. Elections 
Manager Beth Gesson against newly-elected AS. PresidentRandolph 
Siwabessy. But on Monday, during a second grievance hearing over 
a complaint filed by Revelle College senior D.A Bartolotta against 
Siwabessy, the board ruled that it did 11of have jurisdiction. 

But for a moment, forget about these inconsistent rulings and 
complete disregard of precedent. And forget about the fact that it 
took the judicial board nearly an hour to render a decision on a single 
objection, The most appalling offense in this AS, election sideshow 
is the decision to close the Gesson v. Siwabessy hearing to the public. 

After a motion by Vice President Administrative Carla Tesak, the 
Judicial Board agreed to close the hearing due to the personal nature 
of the testimony. Tesak wanted to spare Siwabessy the indignity of 
having his academic record thrust into the glare of public scrutiny, 
and the Iudicial Board readily complied, While this is certainly polite 
of all the parties involved, it is also legally questionable. To our 
knowledge, a public hearing cannot be closed simply because it 
might be embarrassing to a student. By ignoring this fact, the Judicial 
Board has proven itself to be inept when it comes to matters of 
procedure. While its rul1ng in favor of Gesson is a fair decision, the 
Judicial Board went about the hearing in the wrong way. 

Not that Siwabessy and Tesak have behaved like the paragons of 
virtue during this whole sordid affair. Indeed, their actions in this 
matter are equally suspect. By moving to close the hearings to the 
public, Siwabessy and Tesak basically argued that A:S. officials 
cannot be held accountable by the students that they represent. These 
actions show a contempt for the student body and a cynical approach 
to government normally associated with campus administrators. 

If you can ' t stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen - so goes the 
old cliche. By hiding behind the closed doors of the Judicial Board 
hearing, Siwabessy tried to have it both ways. The Judicial Board's 
ruling in the Gessol1 case is fonunate then. Siwabessy couldn't stand 
the heat - it is only fitting that he 's been asked to leave the kitchen. 

No More Fun for the Sun God 
Fed up with the rowdy concen-goers and drunken UCSD stu-

dents that accompany the annual Sun God Festival, the UCSD 
Police have issued an ultimatum. Either the A.S, increases security, 
fences in the Price Center and agrees to other increased security 
measures, or there will be no concen, The AS., realizing that a Sun 
God Festival without a Friday night concen would incite a rebellion 
among the masses, reluctantly agreed, At this year's concert, the 
Price Center will be fenced in, only students with IDs and one guest 
will be admitted and anyone who looks intoxicated will not be 
admitted - all in the name of safety. 

The police depanment' s concern for student welfare is touching, 
but misguided. Clearly, drunken revelers have been a problem at 
past concerts. and the police are correct to take some measures to 
solve the problem, However, the police's demands go overboard. 
For example, the Bulls' Eye Tavern will stop serving alcohol at 7 
p,m., a nice idea, but one that cripples the already moribund social 
life here at UCSD. 

More importantly, the added security and the cost of the fence 
have driven up the price tag for the Friday night concert. according 
to Sun God Festival Chair Cecelia Lucero. That's just the sort of 
news students needed to hear during a massive budget crisis, 
especially as the AS, programming budget evaporates into nothing. 
It would be nice if the police had the same concern for students' fees 
that they have for running an orderly concert, 

Heaven and the administration forbid that students actually be 
given a chance to enjoy themselves during the college years. And it 
would be a complete disaster if the police were to treat college 
students like responsible adults. If this trend continues with future 
festivals, it is probable that the Sun God Festival will be crushed 
under the weight of the same bureaucratic regulations that bumped 
offtheTGs. 

. - . 
--_ ... _-------_... -- ... 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 6, 1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

~-----------------------------------, 

" ~ Ht:~ WOIT A f'v1INUTE • " IC' IHIS;: Bos~lI:r< 
"NO) IT!;;: 1f-I~ UC<;;;:'b SUN-GOb F£Sr! " 

BART SIMPSON NOT JUST 
ANOTHER CARTOON CHARACTER 

COMMENTARY: Although 'The Simpsons' has come under fire from conservatives 
and liberals alike, it's clear that the cartoon provides a form of oppositional thought 

GREGORY 

51EmEJ15 

We've been arguing about Bart a couple of times. But Scott's spirited defense and La 
Simpson in my Spanish seminar. Professora's impassioned denunciation moved me to 
My classmate Scott Ki (lntema- have another look-see last Thursday. 
tional Relations/pacific Studies) The episode concerns "Whacking Day," in which the 
gave a presentation arguing that citizens of Springfield drive all the snakes to the middle 
"Los Simpsons" was a clear fonn of town and then club them to death. As we begin, Bart 
of oppositional thought - ibis af- and his rebellious buddies are locked in a basement, lured 
ter La Profesora had dismissed the by false promise of free mountain bikes, so that Principal 
show as a reactionary glorification Skinner can toady in pe{lce to the visiting superintendent. 
of the dysfunctional family. But Bart escapes. goes for ajoyride on a tractor, runs over 

I suppose some might think we the superintendent, and is promptly expelled from school. 
have a bigger fish to fry than argu- Bart is enrolled in Springfield Christian School, which 
ing the merits of a _I\.~JO "puts the FUN back in fundamentalism." 
cartoon character. But he is run out after singing that infa-

. Butletmeassureyou, mous ditty, "Beans, beans, the musical 
the Simpsons are right on time. You may fruit." etc. 
remember that fonner President Bush, that So Bait's beehived mom, Marge, be-
protector of family values, told "the Ameri- comes his teacher. On a field trip to "Fort 
can people" during a speech at the Repub- Sensible" Bart begins to question some of 
lican National Convention address that he It'. not just the insensible legends about Springfield's 
wanted us "to be less like the Simpsons and "founding fathers," 
more like the Waltons." ~ Meanwhile, Bart 's dad Homer has 

The next episode of this animated series who feel bought himself a shiny new whacking 
had the Simpsons watching Bush give this "Ided .... stick and is excitedly talking up "Whack-
speech on their television in what was 0Iw- .. ~ ing Day," SisterLisa tells him that "killing 
clearly a swipe at the family values crowd. shows •• "1he snakes is evil." She is dispatched to Rever-

But it's not just right-wingers who feel II...,...." end Lovejoy, who waves aBible in front of 
offended by shows like ''The Simpsons." her and "reads" a passage from the Bible 
Some liberals have also declared war on Some liberals justifying Whacking Day, Lisa demands 
Bart & Co. Why? Because creator Matt have also to see the disputed passage, but he hides 
Groening's humor is too posrmodem for decI .... w. on the Bible behind his back. 
the literal-minded, I suppose. Lisa, seen reading a copy of "The Truth 

"The Simpsons" does not advertise its a.t a Co. about Whacking Day" by Bob Woodward, 
aversion for the insufficiently broad-minded Why? Ba cau.. has a running argument with Homer about 
world its characters inhabit. .... _" Whacking Day. He dispenses clic~ like 

La Profesora thought the Simpsons was _ • ..--- "Squeeze your rage into a bigger linle ball 
. on par with "Married ... With Children" as Creator Matt and release it at the appropriate time," or, 

a show that encouraged sloth and moral GroeIIIIIC'. "Maybe if I'm part of that mob, I can help 
turpitude. Scon and I argued that Bart was steer it in a wise direction." 
more like an Archie Bunker, a satire or humor Is too Lisa gets some support from an un-
parody of its characters. La Profesora felt poetI."""" far likely source when Barry White shows up 
that while Archie had a lot of people sur- at a Whacking Day rally. When he 's told 
rounding him that presented clear altema- the I....... what the rally is all about, he announces. 
tives to his bigotry, there were no charac- mIIlded, I "You people make me sick." 
t ''The S.·mpsons" who represented Bart discovers that Whacking Day was ers on .. ppa ••• 
an alternative to Ban's romanticized un- actually started in 1924 as an excuse to 
derachievement. beat up on the Irish. He concocts a plan to save the snakes: 

Actually, I had ignored the show until the "Bart is since they are all "driven" by vibrations in the ground, all 
Black" T-shirts began appearing. Then I half-watched it See BART, Page 6 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

IN MEMORY 
OF CESAR 
CHAVEZ 
COMMENTARY: Cesar 
Chavez will join the ranks of 
the great men and women 
who dedicated their lives to 
the bettennent of humanity 
By James Tocco 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Jesus Christ, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Ir. 
Hearing those names sends a chill up the spine. 
These are men who dedicated their lives to the 
benennent of all humanity. Men whose lives are 
symbols of the neverending struggle for human 
dignity. Men who never feared sacrificing their 
own lives to benefit that struggle. Men who in-
spired the late Cesar Chavez, who died in his sleep 
on April 23. 

Born in 1927, Chavez was raised as the son of 
migrant fann workers. His childhood was one of 
constant mobility: he attended over 60 different 
elemental)' schools and lived in labor camps that 
lacked such comforts as adequate bedding and 
clean drinking and bathing water. He was destined 
to follow his parents into the life of a migrant fann 
worker - struggling to find worl<, constantly 
relocating to wherever work was available, being 
underpaid, overworked and without legal or soci-
etal recognition. However, the life of Cesar OIavez 
proved to be much more influential than the 0p-
pressed, voiceless fann workers to whom he would 
eventually become an inspiration. 

Chavez began his activism in the early 196Os, 
organizing a Mexican-American migrant fann 
workers' union which later became the powerful 
United Fann Workers, Chavez's organization was 
forced to strike against California grape growers in 
1965 in order to gain recognition and suitable 
working conditions (toilets, for example). 

Chavez grabbed the public's attention during 
his first month-long fast, which he said represented 
"the pain and the suffering of the fann workers." 
The first of many sym bolic fasts, aided by various 
Hollywood celebrities and political giants such as 
Sen. Robert Kennedy, resulted in a nationwide 
grape boycott. Thiseventuallycompelledthe grape 
growers to sign labor contracts with the fann 
workers. This officially rendered political clout to 
Chavez and his organization, but his influence in 
labor and politics was only a portion of his overall 
benevolent impact 

Chavez began as a leader for Mexican migrants 
and their families to follow. He helped create and 
continually promoted EI Teatro Campensino (''the 
peasant theater"), a Latino theater group in 
California's central valley. The theater is a hub for 
artists and a treasure chest filled with Latino art, 
from paintings to literature to music to plays-all 
laced with the ongoing struggles ofLatino-Ameri-
can people, the struggle of Chavez's life, I am 
willing to bet that there isn '( a Latino artist today 
that wasn't in some way inspired by CesarOlavez 

, and EI Teatro. His selfless leadership WKJuestion-
ably inspired Latinos in all walks of life to an 
immeasurable degree. 

President Clinton addressed Chavez's death in 
a speech recently, saying that Americans have lost 
a great leader, But the influence of a truly great 
person never dies. The messages left by history's 
heroes, Jesus Christ, Gandhi and Martin Luther 
King, Jr., never die because they are one and the 
same. 

Every oppressed group has, or. needs, a leader 
- someone to inte'1'ret and promote this universal 
message of hope to his or her people. However, 
since the message's meaning is universally appea1-
ing, that leader becomes one of the greats whose 
life inspires all people. Cesar Chavez promoted 
that universal message to Latinos throughout North 
America His message didn't die with him (there is 
still a call for a boycott of California-grown grapes 
because of the health effects that dangerous pesti-
cide usage has on fann workers). And he shall be 
remembered as one of history's true heroes. One 
whose name sends chills up your spine, 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: The furor over lifting the ban on gays in the militaty exposes the 
inherent homophobia and ignorance that exists in the United States militaty 

THE MILITARY MAN'S NEW IMAGE 

GAYE 

Recently, a gay male 
in the navy was beaten to 
death by his fellow sail-
ors while stitioned in Ja-
pan, They denied they had 
beaten him until they re-
alized that if found guilty, 
they would be sentenced 
to death. So they admit-
ted to it, plead guilty, and 
will receive a reduced sen-
tence. JDHJf5IIn ] am no expert on the 
issues of being homo-
sexual in America. But 

you don't have to be to understand what this 
type ofthing means for gays in the military and 
in the world for that matter, With the lack of 
media coverage on this issue, the U.S. Anned 
Forces run a parallel course with other em-
bodiments of conservative ideology, This 
power structure has undennioed the impor-
tance of this murder, and the audience has 
accepted it. 

Many chalk it up to the tensions over 
whether or not gays should be admitted into 
the anned forces. But let's face it: as long as 
there has been a military, there have been gays 
in it. For these men not to be out of the closet 
has been the saving grace for the image the 
military wishes to uphold, and the murder of 
this man, as well as the treatment of this case, 
will further close the door between being in 
and being out. This murder victim didn't die 
for his country, he died at the hands of it and its 
continual passive condonation of such brutal-
ity. 

For military officials to say they hold no 
prejudice toward gays, but only oppose having 
them in the military, is an assertion of such 
primitive and profound ignorance that it is not 
verysu'1'rising. The U.S. military is the strong-
hold of a die-hard breed: it didn't sU'1'rise me 
to hear of the recent creation of a "Defense 
Readiness Council," a group of retired mili-

When you think of the U.s 
military, you think 
cIemcut strongmen In 
Uiliform - the proud and 
the few. ThIs type of 
Ideology holds IttIe lIIOI'8 
..... a homophobic notion 
that -.ythIng straying 
from the mal ....... Idea 
of " ...... " Is a .... eat to 
national secwtty. 
tary officers bent on placing a ban on gays in 
the military. Its purpose is to stop the "admit-
tance and accomodation of homosexuals con-
trary to professional military judgement and 
experience. " 

Because in large part of our military tactics, 
we are a terrifying element in this world -
both to foreign constituencies and to certain 
groups within our own country. When you 
think of the U.S. military, you think clean-<:ut 
strongmen in unifonn - the proud and the 
few. This type of ideology holds little more 
than a homophobic notion that anything stray-
ing from the mainstream idea of "man" is a 
threat to national security. This may be a little 
blunt, perhaps, but no more so than the hypo-
critical assertions of military opposition to 
gays. 

The homophobia on this campus alone is 

nothing to sneeze at. It perpetuates closer to 
home the type of ideology which killed this 
man, It is strong enough to elicit threats and 
hate rhetoric on a regular basis. Homophobia 
and racism alike have these constituencies; at 
least you can give some credit to the racists 
who go about their racism in subtle ways -
it's intelligently planned, Some of the hate 
rhetoric] have heard and seen on this campus 
toward gays, lesbians and bisexuals begs for 
intelligence at the very least. Yet stupidity is 
the nature of ignorance. 

I think that out of my own ignorance of 
lesbian and gay issues on campus and in 
general, [ can only give argument to some of 
the more debated topics: sexual orientation vs. 
preference and tangible homophobia. 

What] can say is that the murder of this 
man in Japan cannot go unnoticed. There is no 
justification for persecuting, let alone killing, 
someone for the way they love their fellow 
human beings. 

There is an important lesson to be leamed 
on both a global and a local level from this 
heinous brutality. And while the confidence] 
have in the ability of UCSD as a whole to 
recognize this does not flood me with inspira-
tion, ] hope a few will understand 

As a campus faced with the eradication of 
low-income students, narrow-minded ideol-
ogy and an administration which passively 
condones both. we cannot afford as students 
nor as citizens to be exclusive. To be able to 
come together in that way is powerful stuff, 
and that is what scares people both here and in 
the military. 

In the absence of substantial curriculum 
and legitimacy about and for homosexual popu-
lations, there are still some people who appre-
ciate the resilience of this group, and the die-
hard ideology that humanity just might over-
come hate. But let 's not get too comfortable, 
because as the murder of this gay male illus-
trates, the struggle for gays to be recognized 
even humanely is far from over, 

STUDENTS OUTRAGED AT SIWABESSY'S SHENANIGANS 
Editor: 

As one of the 700 or so voters in the most 
recent A.S. Election, I was appalled at last 
week's development in the A.S. presidential 
scandal. After reading the title of the article in 
the April 29 Guardiall ("Siwabessy May Be 
Ineligible For Office"). I thought, "Well, that 
makes sense. Siwabessy should not be able to 
take a quarter off, then come back when he can 
afford to pay his fees." 

Later. I realized, this article was not about 
the fact that he is not a student this quarter. His 
position is under scrutiny because he wasn't 
even a student here last quarter. Who is he? 
lust some guy? Has he ever paid his fees, a 
portion of which go to pay his stipend? Is he to 
blame for our budget shortfalls? Siwabessy, if 
you read this: Getaclue! You ripped usoffand 
now your political career is over. You and 
Burnett, Nixon and Hart. Hasta la vista, punk. 

Seth Herren 

Editor: 
After reading the lead story of the April 29 

Guardian, I feel totally justified in not having 
voted in the recent Associated Students elec-
tions, The non-resolution of the co-op prob-
lem demonstrated that the status quo, repre-
sented by Student Action Now!, was' inca-
pable of effective leadership. 

Now Randolph Siwabessy has shown him-
self to be a true politician, attempting to de-
ceive the entire university, as well as the A.S, 
Certainly Student Action Now! has lost much 
of its credibility, regardless of the Judicial 
Board's decision. 

If the A.S. is to regain tude.nt· confi-
dence, a runoff should be held, one that ex-

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian wekomes letters and oommentWles 
from its readers. All letters mustbe nolofWerlhan three 
pages, t)Jled. dottJIe.6paoedandsif/'ted. Lettersshould 
also contain a {iIone ntl71ber in order to \e~ 8IJthen. 
ticity. We reserve the rWht to edit frx IerWth and c/affly. 
Letters may be dropped otr in the opinion editor's box 
at the Guardian office m the second floor of the old 
Student Center (BIxNe the General Store Coop and 
overlooIdtW the Hllnp) or sent by rna/I, For · mae 
inform8tion about MftiW frx the Opinion Sectbl, call 
534-6580. Send all Slbnissions to: 

The Guardian 
()piniaI Editor 

9500 GiIm8n Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, C>1 92093-0316 

eludes Student Action Now! Surely A.S. can 
find a way to hold this election without spend-
ing $ll,OOO! 

Daniel Perry 

Tampon Comments, 
Letter V.We Immature 
Editor: 

In re ponse to Brian Dingledine's letter 
concerning the restocking of sanitary products 

by the administration ("Administration Does 
Not Owe Us Tampons," April 15), I seriously 
questioned its authenticity when I first read it, 
on the basis of its ludicrous content. 

How could I possibly take seriously com-
ments like "we should be pleased that the 
administration is attempting to curb spending 
in such a 'relatively hannless' manner" or "the 
issue itself is certainly 'trivial' ." 

First of all, how dare a male have the 
audacity to judge this exclusively female issue 
as trivial! He adds: ''The harsh truth is that no 
one owes you anything." Then I'm sure he's 
full of comments about the money the admin-
istration also "wastes" for such other "trivial" 
things like accommodating the handicapped, 
since he feels that we have all come to expect 
too much, 

Come to think of it, Brian, we really don't 
need those toilet seat covers they stock either. 

. or even toilet paper, for that matter. Hell, we 
could all bring our own! Of course, males can 
pretty much get by without all that "extra 
stuff'so I'm sure you wouldn't have a prob-
lem with that. 

Tampon machines are not free. They charge 
money, so the suggestion to "get a job" to 
supply our needs is again invalid, insensitive 
and incredibly ignorant. Get a clue! How the 
administration can justify its refusal to restock 
these machines in an effort to cut costs is 
beyond me - unless, of course, it is run by 
someone like you, Brian, 

When you've matured enough to make an 
intelligent comment about this very Itlluni versa! 
issue, then maybe you can write a real letter 
and be taken seriously. 

Pattie Hartman 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 6,1993 

ca......w: ~ Senate should be prepared to give the president's Supreme Cowt noolinee the same treatment as Robert Bode 

WE NEED MORE JUDGES LIKE BYRON WHITE 
By Roderick Lee 
Staff Writer 

The Court ... comes nearest to iIIe· 
girimacy w~n it tkals with judge· 
made consritutionallow having 1i"le 
or no cognizable roots in rhe Ian· 
guage or design of the Constitution. 

-Justice Byron White 
The long road back to judicial 

sensibility hit a major porhole last 
month when Justice Byron White 
announced his intention to leave the 
Supreme Court this summer. Neither 
completely conservative nor liberal, 
White, nevertheless, was likely to be 
found on the side that stood against a 
larger activist role for the Coun. Be-
cause of this stance, his three-plus 
decades of service will be sorely 
mis ed. 

Although many liberals, especially 
the pro-choice and anti-religion 
crowd, pigeonhole White and the 
Court's conservative majority, White 
is the only current Democrat appoin-
tee to the Court, having ascended to 
the position in 1962 under President 
Kennedy. 

Thus, it is somewhat fining that 
the first Democrat in 12 years will 
have the chance to replace the only 
remaining Democrat on the Court. 
Since President Caner was denied an 
opportunity to make his mark, the last 
Democrat to influence the Court was 
President Johnson in 1967, and his 
man, the late Thurgood Marshall, has 
already passed on. • 

Though a Kennedy Democrat, 
White earned the respect of conserva-
tives for writing the eloquent dissent 
in the notorious Roe \'. Wade case. 
More recently, he sided with the con-
ervative dissenters in both the 1990 

Webster \'. Reproductive Health Ser· 
vices ruling and last year's unsuc-
cessful Pennsylvania challenge to Roe. 

As further "evidence" of his con-

BART: The 
cartoon tells us to 
question authority 
Continued from page 4 
the pro·snake rebels need 10 do to 
override the Whackers' message is to 
"play something with a lot of bass in 
it. " 

So Barry White is enlisted to sing 
while Lisa plays the bass; Bart tips the 
speakers down and all the snakes exo· 
dus into the Simpsons' house. 

White quiets the mob by crooning, 

servative credentials, he also provided 
the swing vote in the 1986 Bowers v. 
Hardwick ruling that upheld a Geor-
gia anti-sodomy law and dissented in 
last year's anti·religious Lee v. 
Weisman which ruled that public 
school commencement invocations 
are unconstitutional. He opposed 
Miranda and Escobedo, which 
granted new rights to the criminally 
accused. 

But, to stop here and extrapolate 
his record from it, as many short· 
sighted liberals do, would be sheer 
folly, as this is only half the story. 

White has always stood for civil 
rights, though he opposes extremism 
in the name of"afflJ'l1lative action. "In 
his inaugural year on the Court, he 
ordered the University of Mississippi 
to stop placing roadblocks on the path 
to desegregation. Thirty years later, 
just last summer, he wrote the major-
ity opinion ordering all Missis ippi 
universities to speed up desegrega· 
tion. 

White wrote the majority opinion 
allowing a Georgia student to sue her 
teacher. He found in favor of a man 
enrrapped by a government sting op-
eration against pornography, and 
wrote that opinion as well. He sided 
with the 5-4 majority that made bum· 
ing the U.S. flag "protected speech." 

Which brings us to the present. 
Although White is a cenrrist (with 
slight conservative leanings), one line 
of thinking supersedes both right and 
left considerations: judicial restraint. 

In his 31 years of service to the 
Court, White has almo t always demo 
onstrated a healthy disdain of legis-
lating from the bench. 

His stance in Roe and Bowers and 
other abortion and homosexual cases 
stems from the idea that the "right to 
privacy" central to these rulings is a 
manufactured right, created by the 

"r love the sexy sliver of a lady's 
snake ..... Hooray for the snakes!" yells 
the mob, and the snakes slither off 
into the sunset to the sound of "Born 
Free." 

I'll confess that I found this epi. 
sode funny and charmingly irrever-
ent. Personally I'm not convinced 
entertainment of this sort needs de· 
fending. I am skeptical of people who 
insist on judging the past by stan· 
dards of the present, or try to impose 
adult views on the worldview of a 
child. 

However, my preference is for 

Unfortunately, _ the 
li"liiIIty IBlY, 
IIapubIctma taMIOt 
...... eII .... '. 
_1*laa the .... wtlY 
the KennedyaIer' ... 
ACW ...... to 
... Robert BoIk, sill 
the most 81.III.1tty 
qlllJlllled .... for the 
poeIIIori. Howe\w, that 
doa .. ' ma .. thai they 
am' make the 

- lilian COI_.II procell 
hurt. 
Warren Court, in the 1965 Griswold 
1'. Connec/iclIr, and not inherent in the 
Constitution. 

His position in civil rights cases is 
traceable to the Fourteenth Amend-
ment, but he did not abuse this clause 
as the activists have. His opposition 
to "affumative action" draws from 
the idea that it is not the judicial 
bench's role 10 create new rights in 
the workplace or other areas of soci-
ety, but the role of the.legi lature's. 
The bench then determines whether 
or nor these so-called rights are con-
stitutional and deserve federal pro-
tection. 

humor that also makes me think. And 
ifI were to try to defend the Simpsons 
on its oppositional potential, I would 
have no problems finding pieces of 
this trickster tale that encouraged the 
questioning of all sorts of authority: 
parents, school , religion, societal cus-
tom. There's even the sub-theme of 
the liberatory potential of popular (es· 
pecially bass/black) music. 

So go on with your bad selves, 
Ban and Lisa. Pledge allegiance when 
you have to, but keep your fingers 
crossed. Like the song says, most 
grown-ups just don't understand. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Loesl Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance, Health Plans 

MedI-CaI Acceoted 
ViA. M .. ter Card. DiKOver 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alamedil 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI 
(714) 851 -1201 

EDICAL GROUP fiil:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
·J ~~U~~ ~I~~I~'~~'~J~/~/~~U~/P,"~_·_·.·_·_·_.·.·_.·.·._ •..•.•..•..•.•..•.•..•..•.•..•... 

On the other side, White has gen-
erally taken a broad view of the First 
Amendment, both in regard to speech 
and religion. This is demonstrated in 
his ruling in theanti·pomography sting 
and his position on flag-burning. How-
ever, it is also evident in his assertion 
that the militant ACLU·typesare over-
zealous in erecting the "wall between 
church and Slate." 

Ofcourse, White, like anyone, has 
had his off days, or "off topics." In 
four separate voting rights cases, he 
sided against greater voting freedom, 
most recently writing Ihe opinion pre· 
serving a Hawaii election law that 
forbids write-in candidacies. 

Nevertheless, the departure of 
White allows the First Lady (if her 
role in helping Bill fill Arkansas va· 
cancies is any indication) to tum the 
Court back to its activist past. To-
gether with Justices Blackmun and 
Stevens (or their replacements) and 
the "enlightened" O'Connor, Souter 
and Kennedy, this newcomer, who· 
ever it may be, could help forge 6-3 
majorities to once again legislate from 
the bench. To the liberals, this ap-
proach avoids the danger of a Repub-
lican filibuster in the Senate or oppo· 
sition in the House from a coalition of 
Republican and conservative Demo-
crats. 

Unfortunately, as the minority 
party, Republican cannot savage 
Clinton's nominee the ame way the 
Kennedy-Biden-ACLU thugs did to 
Judge Robert Bork, still the most 
eminently qualified man for the posi· 
tion. However, that doesn't mean that 
they can't make the confmnation pro-
cess hurt. 

For starters, Clinton has already 
promised he "will appoint judges to 
the Supreme Court who believe in the 
constitutional right to pri vacy, inc Iud· 
ing the right to choose." Contrast this 

with Reagan and Bush claims that 
there were "no litmus tests" for any of 
theirnominees. Don't believe it?1ben 
why is Roe still alive? 

Faye Wattleton, former president of 
Planned Parenthood, wanted the Senare 
to reject any nominee that did not make 
his position on abortion known imme· 
diately. Well, now it's the Republicans' 
tum. GOP senators and pro-life Demo-
crJts need to make it known if a nomi-
nee supports "unrestricted abortions in 
all cases," a position held by a scant 12 
percent of the nation. 

The next issue is quotas. White 
supported civil rights but opposed 
quotas. Hillary's woman is likely to 
support them. Any Southern Demo· 
crat who votes to confirm an avowed 
supporter of quotas is just asking for 
trouble come reelection. 

The media pointed to anger at the 
Thomas·Hill hearings as one reason 
for the Senate turnover in last year's 
so-called "Year of the Woman."Well, 
turnabout is fair play, and the Repub· 
licans can hurt Senate Democrats 
something fierce . 

Twenty-two Democrats must de-
fend their seats next year as opposed 
to II Republicans. The more activist 
the nominee, the more dangerous a 
vote in favor of confirmation could be 
to certain vulnerable senators. 

After their dismal showing. or 
rather non-Showing, in the Shalala 
and Reno confirmation hearings. Sen-
ate Republicans handed Clinton de-
feat for his "jobs bill."Thetime is ripe 
to follow up that uccess with respect 
to the upcoming confirmation hear-
ings. The chances of getting another 
Byron Whiteareslim to none, indeed. 
But the GOP can make the Democrats 
pay dearly if they send up another 
activist, a la Earl Warren. To do any-
thing else is to accept defeat before 
the banle begins. 

Here's 
The 

The Guardian is Now Accepting 
Applications for the 1993-94 Staff 

Every year around thistime, dle Guardianseleas dleeditorial staff 
for the next year. ll1ere is a conmlOn misconception dut dle 
Guardian selects its editors from within its own ranks. That is not 
necessarilydle GIse.ll1e truth is, staff turnover is pretty high. We're 
always looking for fresh talent. 

The Guardian is now accepting applcations for dle following 
editolial positions: 

Managing Editor 
Copy Editor 
News Editor 

Associate News Editor (2) 
OpInion Editor 

Arts & EntertaInment Editor 
Sports Editor 

AssocIate Sports EcItor 
DesIgn Editor 

Graphics Editor 
AssocIate Graphics Editor 

Photo Editor 
Associate Photo Editor 

Applications should inducle a cover letter, [(.~ume and clips (if 
you have them). 111ecle-adline to apply is 5:00 p.m., Friday, May 14. 
Drop yourapplicationolfatOllrofficesondlesecondfloorofdleOld 
Student Center, above the General Store. 

Thursday, May 6, 1993 

BUDGET: 
UCSD prepares for a 
9 percent funding cut 
ContInued from page 1 
student fees a record $995 and tern· 
porarily cut faculty , staff and ad-
ministrator pay by 5 percent. 

The UCSD Task Force report 
only proposed a preliminary sketch 
of the measures that UCSD might 
take immediately to deal with the 
budget shortfall. It focused mostly 
on the short term crisis, hoping to 
"maintain the excellence of those 
academic activities that can be reo 
tained." 

After compiling information on 
the current spending of different 
departments, interdisciplinary pro-
grams, IRJPS and the School of 
Architecture, each divisional dean 
was to report on the general effects 
of budget cuts ranging from six to 
15 percent in their divisions. Spe-
cific cutbacks would mean the pos-
sible laying off of permanent fac-
ulty, temporary faculty, staff and 
support staff. 

The deans' studies found that a 
nine or 12 pen;ent cut would "limit 
the effectiveness of some units, while 
it would destroy the ability of others 
to perform their essential functions." 

According to the report, UCSO's 
five colleges will remain intact and 
funding for teaching assistants and 
other graduate student programs will 

CO-OPS: A.S. 
and the administration 
sign the agreement 
Continued from page 3 
agreement, then it is likely that the 
process of negotiating will end. 

"If [the co-ops) do not sign, then 
the university is going to stan all of 
the procedures against them," 
Peterson said, referring to the griev-

avoid the brunt of the cuts. 
The report also endorses the 

transfer of the Physical Education 
department to the UCSO Recreation 
Program, stating that "It would be 
unacceptable to cut academic pro-
grams while preserving the P.E. pro-
gram in its current form." 

The School of International Re· 
lations and Pacific Studies faces the 
dismantling of its new Korean Stud-
ies program as well as a reduction in 
accounting and language classes. It 
will also lose up to three full-time 
teaching positions. 

The report also found that a nine 
percent cut would have a devastat· 
ing impact on most undergraduate 
programs, many losing nearly all 
temporary faculty. 

A materials fee for students tak· 
ing laboratory classes has also been 
proposed to avoid cancellation of 
many such undergraduate courses. 

The economics department may 
have to close its Quantitative Eco-
nomics program and the Psychol-
ogy department would be forced to 
significant! y alter its majorprogram. 

The report also recommended 
that UCSO's research programs get 
priority in the budget crisis. 

The ad·hoc task force was cre-
ated to provide the Vice Chancellor 
of Academic Affairs Marjorie 
Caserio and the Chair of the San 
Diego Division of the Academic 
Senate George Backus with a report 
recommending priorities for the 

ances filed againsl the co-ops for 
"unsound business practices." 

"We will be right back where we 
were before the negotiations 
started," Peterson added. 

Burke is nol convinced that the 
co-ops will agree to sign the docu-
ment because they are still dissatis-
fied with the provisions. 

"Certain issues which have not 
been resolved [inthememorandum) 
will keep us from signing this docu-

The UCSD Guardian 

general campus during the budget 
crisis. 

At the campus address on Mon· 
day, Endres called for massive lob-
bying efforts to SlOp the cuts, say-
ing, "If the students, faculty and 
staff of this university continue to be 
silent, the situation will only gel 
worse. 

"Many people don'l realize that 
the $995 fee increase and the 5 
percent pay cut passed by the re-
gents is by no means final," he said. 
"The UCs, with all their strength 
and resources, have been virtually 
silenced. What this silence has 
meant to the UC system and higher 
education in general has been three 
years of deep cuts. .. which has 
amounted to over $1 ,000 in fee 
increases, early retirement of many 
of the UC's top faculty, numerous 
staff layoffs and threats to close 
down campuses and programs," he 
said. 

Endres emphasized an all-out 
effort to mobilize students, faculty 
and staff, indicating that everyone 
should write letters to Gov. Wilson 
and.locallegislators now. 

''Talk about the budget, talk about 
the importance of higher education, 
talk about how your fees are rising, 
how your teachers' salaries are be· 
ing cut, and let them know you will 
hold them accountable. Let them 
know that higher education in the 
state of California is being seriously 
threatened ... 

ment," Burke said. "Hopefully, the 
[negotiating] meeting on Monday 
[with the A.S.) will go well," she 
said, adding that she is not very 
optimistic. 

Holmes said that the negotia· 
tions are very give-and·take, and 
that not everyone is satisfied in a 
true compromise. 

"No one's going to love it, but I 
really think that this is the best for 
everyone," he said. 

Tired of being on the outside, looking in? 

Apply for a paid edltoltal position for the 1993-94 au.cu..1 

REVELLE' COLLEGE 
LEADERSHIP 
OPPORTUNITIES 

Applications and Infonnation 
available for college and 

campus committees 

Pick up applications in the 
Revelle Dean's Office 

DEADL'I N E: 
HtNi 11, 1993 

For more Info, call 534-1&80. 

CLARIFICATION 
TGUARDIAN 
ADVERTISEMENTS 
are just that. This 
means that all ads 
(including inserts), no 
matter what size, are 
paid advertisements 
and do not necessarily 
reflect the opinion of the 
Guardian. 

The UCSD Guardian 
newspaper is funded 
solely by advertising 
and does not receive 
funding by the A.S. or 
the ·university. 

NEWS 7 

,.....----G RAN 0 0 PEN I N G !----, 
Costa Verde 'Dentistry 
~ ~$29QO 

EXAM, 
"" CLEANING Be 

/ X-RAYS (biteWIng) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
.& We're open evenings and weekends! 
.& Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
.& Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
.& Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
.& 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
.& Plenty of free parking! 

CALL US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Dr, 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance plans and major credlt cards 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

"te;-5"$1 ~ 
DRAFT11"'" t& ~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LAJO 

call 
ILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

414 ext. 6220 



8 NEWS 

SIWABESSY: 
President was not 
eligible to hold office 
ContInued from pace 1 
tenn. 

Holmes and Siwabessy said that 
they wanted the case heard by a 
student board, but objected to the 
Judicial Board holding the initial 
hearing in the interest of adhering to 
proper procedures. 

"In the last hearing [Gesson v. 
Siwabessy] we based our decision 
[to hear the case] on misinfonna-
tion. We see that we want to follow 
the correct procedure," Sheny said 
when deferring Bartolotta's case to 
theEAC. 

Regarding the Gesson v. 
Siwabessy decision, Gesson said, 
;'We' reextremely pleased that they 
agreed with our arguments. We talre 
this case to be a mandate that 
Siwabessy was never officially 
elected .. .. 

"We will probably be having 
some kind of election," she pre-
dicted. 

Gesson said that the type and 
scope of a new election will be 
determined by the outcome of the 
hearing on Bartolotta's grievance. 
While Gesson' s grievance does not 
specify what action should be taken 
if Siwabessy is found ineligible, 
Bartolotta's grievance requests a 
run-offelection between himself and 
the second-place finisher in thepresi-
dential election, Third College 
Council Chair James Hill. 

Siwabessy took issue with the 
validity of the Judicial Board's rul-
ing and said that holding a new 
election is implausable because any 
motion to invalidate an election must 
be made within five days of the 
election in question. 

Siwabessy said he feels 
"wronged" by yesterday's decision. 
"I'm not accepting the Gesson v. 
Siwabessy ruling at all," he said. 

Siwabessy contends that, since 

The UCSD Guardian 

the Judicial Board decided to defer 
Bartolotta's case to the EAC, it 
should not have continued hearing 
Gesson v. Siwabessy. "I don't un-
derstand it because I think the cases 
are pretty much the same.. . I as-
sumed that by dismissing 
[Bartolotta's] case,they were going 
to dismiss the first case," he said. 

Siwabessy said he plans to ap-
peal the ruling to theJudicial Board. 
Although the Judicial Board Char-
terstates, "All decisions of the board 
are final," it allows the board to 
decide to re-hear a case upon writ-
ten request "if elltraOrdinary cir-
cumstances arise." 

Both Sheny and Gesson said 
they consider the Gesson v. 
Siwabessy ruling valid. 

Meanwhile, Bartolotta vowed to 
take his case to the administration 
by filing a non-academic grievance 
over the "flawed" judicial process. 

''The Judicial Board is empow-
ered to hear all conflicts that arise 
under the A.S. Constitution," coun-
tered Bartolotta, who was once a J u-
dicial Board member. "I'll be filing 
a non-academic grievance against 
the A.S. advisor [Randy Woodard] 
to have this matter resolved." 

Bartolotta said the Judicial 
Board's decision to defer his case 
was influenced by some of its mem-
bers' relationships with members of 
the Student Action Now! slate. He 
refused to elaborate on which Judi-
cial Board members may have a 
conflict of interest, although when 
Bartolotta asked the Judicial Board 
members to publicly disclose their 
relationships with members of the 
accused slate, Chia-Lin Simmons 
said that she is an inactive member 
of the sorority in which Vice Presi-
dentAdministrativeCarla Tesak and 

DMlChO/~an 
Slwabeuy looks on .. decision 

. fa read durirw the u. meettnc. 
Vice President Finance NeenaMalik 
are members. 

Holmes and Siwabessy denied 
there is any potential bias among the 
1 udicial Board, noting that the board 
accepted Gesson's case against 
Siwabessy last Friday. 

Siwabessy added that either the 
plaintiff or the defendant in a case 
can move to remove a member of 
the Judicial Board, an option 
Bartolotta did not ellercise. 

Holmes and Siwabessy alsocriti-
cized Bartolotta for promising to 
take the case to the administration. 

"These are student elections and 
student decisions. This should be 
decided by students," Holmes said. 
"We always complain about the 
administration interfering in student 
affairs, then we go to them saying 
'Help us,' when students are just as 
competent." 

"With all the talk about [student 
government] autonomy, appealing 
to the administration would really 
undennine us," Siwabessy said. 

He suggested that the adminis-
tration opposes A.S. autonomy and 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

legitimacy and therefore wO!lld be 
biasedtowarddisqual ifying the slate 
in order to remove the A.S. execu-
tives from power. 

"If it goes to the administration, 
I'll do anything to stop that hearing 
fromhappeningbecauseitwouldn't 
be fair to students at large," 
Siwabessy said. 

Siwabessy said he is considering 
resigning among his future options. 
"There is a conflict between what is 
best for the students and what is in 
my own interest," he said, explain-
ing that the students need to have a 
full A.S. Council ready to do its job, 
and that he is concerned with clear-
ing his name. 

"The importantthing tome is that 
there would be no more elections," 
he said, "because of the cost and the 
time, and if you call for a new elec-
tion, who's going to be running the 
council? It's going to be a mess." 

A.S. Advisor Randy Woodard 
said that he plans to improve his 
system of checking the eligibility of 
A.S. candidates due to the contro-
versy over Siwabessy. 

In the past, including this year, 
Woodard said he is notified by the 
Registrar's Office if there is a ques-
tion about a candidate's standing 
with the university, then he takes the 
candidate's word that the problem 
has been rectified. 

In Siwabessy's case, Siwabessy 
showed Woodard a receipt for his 
Spring Quarter fees, and Woodard 
thought Siwabessy had been cleared. 

However, Woodard said he was 
not aware during Winter Quarter 
that Siwabessy was not a registered 
student. "That kind of shocked me. 
I had no idea .. .. I don't think it's 
appropriate [that Siwabessy did not 
disclose that he was not a student)." 

BICYCLIST 
APPRECIATION DAY! PJlCTFIC ISUfND..5 

CIU13 

We Hire 
Over 60 
University Thanks to UCSD Students, Staff, and Faculty Who Bike to School or Work! 

Friday 
MAY 7,1993 

9:00 to 
11 :30 am 
Come and enjoy! 

Free Food and Drinks! 
Free Bicycle 
Registration! 

Register to win 
wonderful prizes 

and more ....... 

Price Center Walkway 
Sponsored by UCSD Transportation Alternatives 

0> 

Graduates A Year! 
We offer a great career alternative ~Ith the 
extra bonus of working on a tropical island! 

Can you instruct volleyball, tenn.is, aerobics, windsurfing, snorkeling, scuba diving, or 
archery? Can you speak Japanese, Chinese, ;(orean or Australian? If nor, do you have 
the desire to learn? Or, are you just an unforgettable personality that can entertain 
others into having the time of their lives? If you have any of these qualifications, and if 
you are not afraid to work hard and play hard, we may h~ve the job for you ... 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
has full-service beach resorts in the Micronesian Islands that cater to guests who want 
to be active, entertained and have the time of their lives! We have openings in our 
SPORTS, ENTERTAINMENT and ACTIVITIES Departments for ... 

"Clubmates" -recreation 
coordinators and entertainers 

Persons to organize and instruct water & land sporn, initiate and direct games, crazy 
activities, and sing and dance in nightly revues. Japanese, Chinese and Korean language 
skills not essential. Willingness to work hard and play hard is essential. Applicants should 
be HIGH ENERGY, EXTROVERTED, OUTDOOR TYPES. We prOVide an 
opportunity of a lifetime, 6 month contract, housing, meals and other fringe benefits, 
including round-trip airfare. 

We will be on campus 
May 10th and 11th. 
Information sessions will be held Monday, May 
10th, 9.10 a.m. and 1-2 p.m. and on Tuesday the 
II th from 9-10 a.m. at the UCSD Career Services 
Center. Feel free to contact the On-Campus 
Career Services Center for more information. 
Interviews will be scheduled following the 
information session . 

P.JlCfF1C 
15U1NUS 

CLUB 
., >"" 

Plcific blandl AU/:) iI an equoal opportunity 
"""loy ... and.1I U.S. b ... "1'I'Iy. Proo! of 
cliribil lty ro . 'Ofk in ,he U.S. as IC'qilircd. 

.................................. ~~ ............ J ~----~------~_~ .. ~_~. ~.~_ ~_~~~~~----~~~~~~~ 

UCSD GUARDIAN 

The Bands 
The lead singer of Rust (top) belts 
out a lIote during an all-day local 
band concert at the Starlighl Bawl 
Saturday, The blues barul Tomcat. 
Courtney also played (bottom le.fi 
and right). 

• ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • MAY 6, 199 3 

CONCERT 
REVIEW 

May Day concert features the best 
of San Diego s thrash rock acts 

JENNIFER FRYE 

GlUlrdiall Reporte,. 

n all~y local music concert held Saturday 
at the Starlight Bowl in Balboa Park show-

cased San Diego 's thrasher, Speed and grunge 
bands in a 29-band billing dubbed 

the "Battle of the Bands." 
See FEST, pap H6 

BOUID BY HOIOR REVIEW: 112 GOO GOO DOLLS INTERVIEW: U6 



mAWS 2 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 6,1993 

Honor Holds TIIern Together 

Director 
Taylor 

Hackford 
discltSses the 

difficulties 
involved in 
depicting 
Chicarw 
Cuhure 

I n this extremely diverse American so-ciety, it is often difficult for a movie directortoconvincingly portray people 
from di fferent ethnic backgrounds. This 

challenge drew Academy Award-

Photo courIesy of Merrick 1Aortcm!uena VISta Pictures 
Cruz (Jesse Borreao) and Paco (Bratt) are childhood friend. but they be&In to have dIsapeements as they 
grow older In Taylor Hackford's 11m BountI By Honor. 

whose strong temper dictates his life in the 
barrio. Cruz is a talented artist who depicts 
Latino culture in his paintings lind Miklo, who 
is half Anglo and half Chicano, strives to fit in 

with his blue eyes and light skin. 

that could not be questioned," Hackford said. 
"We were not going to romanticize them [the 
characters], but we were going to take them 
seriously." 

him. 
"'There was a mutual fascination between 

the actors and the gang members- an interest 
in the various lifestyles - but after the first 
week, the real relationships started to develop. " 

winning director Taylor Hackford 
to the screenplay of his latest film 
Bound By Honor. 

Hackford, who also directedAn 
Officer and a Gentleman, The 
Idolmaker and La Bamba, teamed 
up with writer/poet JilTUllY Santiago 

"nVIE REVns 
Although the brothers' paths occa-
sionally diverge, their lives are al-
ways intertwined. 

Hackford has been personally and 
professionally connected with Latino 
culture. As a Peace Corps volunteer, 

By age 20, Baca, the screenplay writer, 
was serving time in prison, where he taught 
himself to read and write. Hackford said he 
felt Baca's poetic background, the hardship 
he endured and his deep understanding of 
Chicano culture would bring authenticity to 
the film. Hackford said he hopes his story will 
dispel the misconceptions about Chicano 
culture. 

The prison scenes were primarily filmed in 
San Quentin, where with the help of correc-
tional officers and a prison security team, the 
crew utilized the building's interior as the set 
and .cast 350 inmates as extras. 

Baca to create Bound By Honor, a modem 
epic which traces the lives of three young men 
who grow up as brothers in the Chicano 
culture of East Los Angeles. 

Three best friends - Miklo (Damian 
Chapa), Cruz (Jesse Borrego) and Paco (Ben-
jamin Bratt) - tackle a variety of problems 
over a 12-year period. Paco is a proud warrior 

he lived in Bolivia where he learned 
to speak Spanish fluently. His love for Spanish 
culture made Hackford particularly concerned 
with portraying the Chicano community cor-
rectly. 

During a recent press conference, he spoke 
about some of his anxiety about making a film 
that accurately represented this community. 

"I wanted this film to have a reality factor 

Hackford also strove to achieve authentic-
ity in the pre-production process. He asked 
the principal actors to live with several former 
gang members, who helped them to gain 
insight into the language and culture of the 
barrio. During the press conference, Bratt 
said the experience was a positive one for 

The film'soriginal title wasBloodln. Blood 
Out but was changed because it was consid-
ered too graphic. Although it includes graphic 
fighting scenes, Hackford did not feel that the 
film would incite violence likeJohnSingleton 's 
Boyz 'N' the Hood. 

He said that Bound by Honor is not exclu-
sively for Latino audiences, since its themes 
concerning cultural problems are universal. 

---MelIna Jacobs 

'1111111 f •• .J ~ 

GIVE US TIME TO REPAY 
YOUR LOAN. 

After just three years in 
the Army, your college loan 
could be a thing of the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
Repayrnentprograrn, each 
year you serve on active duty 
reduces your indebtedness by 
one-third or S 1,500, whichever 
amount is greater, up to a 
S55,000 limit 

This offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans 
and certain other federally insured loans which are not 
in default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Army 
will give you. Get the whole story from your Army 
Recruiter. 

(619) 569-7878 
ARMY. BE·ALL YOU CAN BE: 

HIATUS 3 

TODHY 
Al Pacino received an Acad-
emy Award for his role as a 
disgruntled Vietnam vet in 
Scent of • Woman. The 
film shows at the Price Center 
Theatre at 6:30, 9 and 11:30 
p.m. Info: 534-6467. 

FRIDHY 
The acclaimed New York rock 
act Helmet plays with Jesus 
Lizard and Therapy at Igua-
nas. The show starts at 8:30 
p.m. and tickets are $15. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

A special addition to the Inter-
national Style Film Series, the 
Japanesefilm TheGreaflUd-
nappIttg, plays at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tick-
ets are $4 for students. Info: 
534-6467. 

Two of Mexico's biggest rock 
bands come togetheron this side 
of the border to play at SDSU's 
Open Air Theatre. CaBanas 
and Maldita Veclndad hit 
the stage at 8 p.m. For ticket 
information call 278-TlXS. 

Ultra Vivid Scene plays at 
the Pub with Cal at 8 p.m. 
Must be 18 or over. Free. Info: 
534-6467. 

SHIUROHY 
The Black Rock Coalition's 
masthead LIving Colour plays 
at Iguanas with the perennial 
punk band Bad BraIns at 8:30 
p.m. Tickets range from $20 to 
$22.lnfo: 278-TIXS. 

Known for its quirky country/ 
rockrhythms,Amertc.1 Mu-
sic Club plays at the Casbah 
with House of Larp SIzes 
and Lucy'. Fur Coat Show 
time is at 8 p.m., tickets are $8. 
Info: 294-9033. 

SUNDRY 
The Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach hosts a free blues party 
with The SwingIn' Kings at 
6 p.m. and The Mark 
Hummel Band at 9 p.m. Info: 
481-9022. 

MONDRY 
Beer and bebop are the focus of 
the evening at Porter's Pub as the 
weekly Free Jazz Jam con-
tinues from 8-11 p.m. Info: 587-
4828. 

The UCSD Guardian 

U PC 0" II G 

lUESOHY 
Acclaimed poet and activist 
Carolyn F orc.-.e comes to the 
Blue Door Bookstore in Hillcrest 
for a reading and booksigning. 
The event begins at 7:30 p.m. 
and admission is free. Info: 298-
8610. 

Day. of Being WIld, a film 
from Hong Kong, plays at 8 
p.m.at Mandeville Auditorium 
as part of the International Style 
Festival. Tickets are $4 for stu-
dents. Info: 534-6467. 

W[OI[SDRY 
Goo Goo DoIs,analtemative 
rock band that has been likened 
to R.E.M. and theReplacements, 
plays at the Pub at 8 p.m. with 
special guest 1be Muffs. Tick-
ets are $9 in advance and $10 on 
the day of the show. Info: 534-
6467. 

Koala Night comes once again 
to the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach with performances by 
local bands Gangbusters and 
Munkafust at 9 p.m. Tickets 
are $4. Info: 481-9022: 

TH[HT[R 
409 Stuclo Theatre: The 
Festival of New Plays brings five 
new plays written and produced 
by undergraduate students. Run-
ning from May 12-16, the plays 
include "Happy Hour," "Un-
tit~ed," "T.1. Carlsbad," 
"L.A.P.C." and "An Image of Jus-
tice." Performances will be on a 
rotating schedule Wednesday and 
Thursday at 8 p.m., Friday at 8 and 
II p.m., Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 p.m. A festival 
pass costs $5. Info: 534-3793. 

ehe Cafe Garden: Graduate 
students of the Theatre depart-
ment present Shakespeare's "A 
MidsummerNight'sDream."Per-
formances will be Thursday at 6 
p.m., Friday at 2 p.m. and Satur-
day at 6 p.m. Info: 491-9420. 

BIackfria... Theatre: "The 
Unseen Hand," by Sam Shepard, 
opens on April 25 and runs through 
May 23 at the Hahn Cosmopoli-
tan Theatre in the Gaslamp Dis-
trict. The play concerns three ban-

Thursday, May 6,1993 

dits brought back to life by a 
friendly space creature. Shows 
are Thursdays and Fridays at 8 
p.m., Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. 
and Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets for 
students are $10-13. Info: 234-
9853. 

GRLL[RI[S 
Musewn of Photographic 
Arts: "FlorGarduiio: Witnesses 
of Time," an exhibition of 100 
black and white photographs of 
native peoples from places such 
as Mexico, Peru and Guatemala. 
The museum is open daily from 
I 0 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is 
$3. Info: 239-5262. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La Frontera/The Border: 
Art about the Mexico/United 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in painting, sculpture, pho-
tography, installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541 . 

Mandevlle Galery: "Conrad 
Atkinson: Selected Works" fea-
tures the work of the British artist 
who combines politics and popu-
larculture. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sun-
day. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2860. 

Grove Galery: "VerdiclL.A." 
runsthroughJune5.Galleryhours 
are Tuesday through Friday, to 
a.m. to 5 p.m. and Saturday 10 
a.m.to 2 p.m. Info: 534-2021. 

IH;, Ii i, iE~" ;,. [EAi ' I 
~~ ~:;~. ';: ~;; : \:. 
" .. ...... . ( . .. ~... ... :-....... .. . ..... .... . ... .. :-: ,'. .. . 

THE GLORY & 
AMERICAN 
Author 
WILLIAM 
SERBIN 
speaks 
MAY 12 
WEDNESDAY • 8:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER THEATER 
FREE • 534-8487 
PRESENTm BY UCSD'S 
UNIVERSITY MNlS OffICE 

TRAGEDY OF AN 
S TEE L TOW N 

WITH SPECIAL 6UEST THE m U F F S 
WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 8PM 

THE PUB • UCSD 
186 UP WITH 1.0. DR COLLEGE 1.0. 

PRODUCED In RSSoClflTlOn WITH RS/UCSO PROGRRmmlnG 
Tickets a,ailabll! at all Tichetfllaster outlets IRobinsons·may, TII1B'. music 

"us) Off THE RECORD. lOU·S RECORDS and DlSCHFE. 



H4 HIATUS Thurllday, May 6, 1993 

Patrick McGee 
Economics major 

Cover letters 
Follow-up letters 

Three ver ion of my resume 
Alit of contacts 

Lotu 1-2-3 preadsheet 
WordPerfect word processor 

ow p-Th-Date 2.0 
MS-DO fi le 

SoftPC 
1anaging Your Money 

HyperCard 
A money and banking paper 

A tati tic paper 
Graphic . for everal paper. 

1y class chedule 
In tmction for using Internet 

Re earch from CompuServe 
My model stock portfolio 

~ly checkbook 
A list of notable bu iness quote 

Afax/modem 
A fax I sent to a oftware company 

~ 1y system for playing the hor e 
My win/lo record for the year 

Have you told your parents •••. 
What you want for 

gradua tion? 
Come in the UCS D l3ookstor e an d 

we' ll send them a hjnt they won't 
able to resis t. .. 

T ake a pi c ture (in cap & 
gown) with the Macintosh 
computer of you r choice 

-and we'll semi the picture, 
a leHer, pricing and 

pu rchas ing informa lion 
to your pa rents. Ge t a 
free t-shir t fo r pa rtici-

p a ling! 

May 10-28 
Noon-2pm 
The UCSD 
Bookstore 

Computer Center 
534-4291 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 6, 1993 HIATUS US 

Scott Waltz 
Economics professor 

Overheads 
Lecture notes 
Assignments 
1:e ts I've given 
SYllabus for International 
Finance 281B 
Syllabus for Economic 
Development 286A 
Grade tracking 
Letters to old friends 
Letters to colleagues 
An article 011 national 
transportation policy 
Three chapters for a new textbook 
The Far Side Daily Planner 
Itinerary for Easter Island dig 
tllis ummel' 
Zen and tbe Art of Motorcycle 
Maintenance 
Microsoft Word 
Lotus 1-2-3 
File from tlle department PC 

~lacintosh PC Exchange'" 
File from my Mac at home 
Afax/modem 
CompuServe 
America Online 
AppleLink 
Wildcat basketball stats 
Electronic mail 

UCSD 
BOOI(STORE 
Computer Center 

534-4291 



.. 

r' 

HIATUS 6 

Goo Goo Dolls 
Buffalo-based trio 

bound to be superstars 

Guitarist-vocalist Johnny Rzeznik isn't totally com-fortable with all the com-
parisons being made between his 
bood, the Goo Goo Dolls, ood the 
Replacements. During a recent 
phone interview, Rzeznik, whose 
bood performs Wednesday night at 
the Pub, said he thinks that people 
are looking for a rock act to fill the 
gap left by the now-defunct Re-
placements. 

"We're kind of searching for an 
identity ,"Rzezniksaid. "I don' tthink 
we sound like the Replacements, 
but I think people really miss the 
Replacements. " 

Superstar Car Wash, the latest 
release by the Buffalo-based band, 
has received praise from critics, and 
the Goo Goo Dolls have gradually 
been playing to bigger and bigger 
audiences. 

"It [success] doesn't really mean 
anything, " Rzeznik said, noting that 
he has to work hard just to make a 
living and doesn't have a bank ac-
count or own a home. "('m just 
happy that people corne to see us 
play." 

The first single, "We Are the 
Normal," was written by former 
Replacements lead singer-guitarist 
Paul Westerberg. The song passion-
ately questions the value of a "nor-
mal" life. It is slriking because of 
the use of classical violin on an 
album that features mostly bone-
crunching guitar riffs. Although the 
result wasn't exactly what Rzeznik 
expected, the use of strings gives 
the music an added dimension. 

"We wanted the strings to be 
morefolky, more like fiddling rather 
than playing the violin," he said. 
"We wanted it to be Appalachian, 

The UCSD Guardian 

I'hI*I CDUtIIIy 01 Qvis KahoI/IIamer Bros. RIco!dS 
Goo Goo DoIa haw been playing topther MAce 1986. 

but it ended up sounding more 
Gypsy, but it worked." 

The Goo Goo Dolls formed in 
1986 when there wasn't much of an 
organized local scene for the band 
to thrive on, Rzeznik said. Regard-
less, the group independently re-

leased a self-titled album and has 
releasedtwoalbumssincethen, with 
Car Wash the band's most acces-
sible release. Producer Gavin 
McKillop, who has worked with 
The Church and Toad the Wet 
Sprocket, probably deserves part of 

Thursday, May 6, 1993 

the credit for the pop Sensibilities 
that come through on Superstar Car 
Wash. 

"Gavin," Rzeznik said, " has a 
very EUropeoo feel for music. He's 
very polished and very meticulous 
and very pop-oriented. 

"You know we have 00 Ameri-
coo feel for pop music, and we' re 
pretty low-key individuals, so 1 think 
he looked at us like we were a biker 
goog. We got along great, and it was 
definitely two worlds colliding in 
the recording studio." 

Car Wash has a number of solid 
rock songs dealing with broken 
dreams and disillusionment, yet the 
lyrics never become utterly cynical. 
During the interview, Rzeznik 
showed an interest in politics but 
maintained that he is more con-
cerned with writing about personal 
experiences. 

"( tend to put myself on the chop-
ping block more than society," he 
said in describing the themes of his 
songs. 

The Goo Goo Dolls play with 
The Muffs at the Pub Wednesday at 
8 p.m. For more information, call 
534-6467. 

-Jeff NIeMI 

FEST: Bands 
play thrash 
ContInued from pep HI 

The venue was divided into an 
electric main stage and an acoustic 
stage. On the main stage, bands 
played for 20 minutes while the 
acoustic bands had half an hour. 
Unfortunately, the electric bands 
were so loud that they drowned the 
sound at the acoustic stage. 

Twenty-nine groups played over 
the course of the day. Some of the 
best sets were performed by Hate 
Romance, Radio Wendy, Electric 
Love Hogs, Rust, Honey Glaze and 
Lord Byron. 

As a Miniature ended theirthrash 
session on the main stage to zero 
applause, Natasha's Ghost as-
sembled on the acoustic stage. 
Ghost uses an eclectic array of in-
struments. All of the bongos, tam-
bourines, cello, guitar, violin, bass 
anddrums helped to achieve a Celtic 
sound 

Inch started its set on the main 
stage by playing intense music that 
sounded like an angry Nirvana, but 
by the second song, the band slid 
into unintelligible thrash. 

Russell Hayden was especially 
noticeable as a skinhead with a 
distinctive playing style. During his 
performance, his face contorted and 
grew red as he played ashiny white 
guitar ferociously with flamenco 
accents. 

Burning Hands ripped up the 
Bowl with a hot performance. Lead 
singer Steve Noriega stole the show 
when he fell backward into the pit 
and was passed around by the 
crowd, but he sang without missing 
a note. 

Honey Glaze was one of the 
better promoted bands of the con-
cert. Although Honey Glaze's first 
song was excellent, the remaining 
selections could not compare. 

The Electric Love Hogs, another 
main act, blasted onto stage and 
into a performance as electrifying 
as Burning Hands. The lead singer, 
Danny Campion, looked and 
sounded at times like Axel Rose as 
he pogo-ed around the stage. 

So who won the Battle of the 
Bands? Everyone lucky enough to 

ent. 

Thursday, May 6, 1993 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 7 

Indian Smmner 
T he moments of innocence, adventure and silly pranks that children experience in 

summer camp have been 
captured on screen before, but the 
films generally portray the 

that their present lives have not ex-
actly followed the paths they had 
envisioned in their youth. 

They arrive at Camp Tamakwa 
with a good deal of personal bag-

gage. Matthew (Vincent 
adolescents' perspective. 
Mike Binder's latest film, 
Indian Summer. adds a 

. new twist to the normal 
camp motifby relating the 
experiences of eight adults 
in their 30s who return to 

MnYI[ 
REVIEWS 

Spano) is having career 
doubts, while he and his 
wife Kelly (Julie Wamer) 
facemaritaI problems.Jen-
nifer (Elizabeth Perkins) 
plays the embittered single 

camp. 
The adults are invited back by 

their original counselor, Unca Lou 
(Alan Arkin), to be residents in the 
very last session of his 43-year-old 
camp. Their week-long stay turns 
out to be a therapeutic retreat for 
everyone. By the end of the week, 
all of the eight campers and Unca 
Lou have experienced some degree 
of personal growth or "post -pubes-
cent" coming-of-age. While remi-
niscing about old times, they realize 

woman . Beth (Diane 
Lane) still grieves over the 

recent death of her husband whom 
she met at the camp, and Jack (Bill 
Paxton), who was kicked out of the 
camp as a youngster, reappears after 
a bout with alcoholism. 

Other characters also confront 
their share of difficulties. The the-
matic message is seen somewhat 
analogously through the eyes of Brad 
(Kevin Pollack), who obsesses on 
the thought that the camp now seems 
so much tinier than he remembers. 

After repeatedly commenting on its 
diminutive size, he finally realizes 
by the end of the film that the camp 
has not gotten any smaller, but that 
the child!en have grown up. 

Director Binder himself seems 
to have reached a somewhat cathar-
tic moment with Indian Summer. 
He attended Camp Tamakwa for 10 
years in his own youth, and the 
origins of the stories in the film 
connect with his personal experi-
ences. The mixture of both comical 
and dramatic events authentically 
portrays the ambience of camp. 

Photo courtesy 01 AUia Dory/Toudlstone Pictures 
Sam Raimi and Alan Arkin start a race in Indian Summer. 

These so-called adults still relish 
the typical pranks they pulled as 10-
year-olds. They refer to themselves 
as the "shrek" kings as they secretly 
haze one another with dirty tricks 
and practical jokes. Brad seems to 
be the main target every time. 

Brad faces everything from 
toothpaste in his bed to having his 
hand placed in a bowl of water which 
makes him urinate while sleeping. 

In addition to the antics directed 
exclusively at Brad, they partici-
pate as a group in kitchen raids 
(with a more "adult" touch ofmari-
juana and the subsequent 
munchies), swim tests and arduous 
relay races. 

The eight adults grow closer to 
one another as they release their 
individual tensions. The actors con-
vincingly depict the camp bonding 

THURSDAY 
AUGUST 26 

6:30PM 
012eJ1 Air T~eatre 

~ ......... 11 1 .. l. ~) S T A. T.. t.: S 1 V ~ R ~ 1 T r 

that usually takes place among a 
younger generation. 

The lighthearted but rigorous 
week ends with numerous changes 
in each character. This reunion of 
sorts acts as a critical review of the 
lives of eight comfol1able, subur-
ban, middle-class people and pro-
vides Binder with the oppol1unity 
to bring his own memory to life. 

Paris 
Munich 
Vienna 
London 
Amsterdam 

--Care UdeI 

$ile* 
$149· 
$149' 
$i60* 
$315* 
~i!:'f':':;::':~bosS:: :u=~~ 
StOOcrt ,t.1tus moy be ""lu rod. 

",,"aa"""" .,.. 
Council Travel 
ucso Price (mer (by the Post Office) 

451-0630 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
........ Advert ... ", 534-3488 

4S7-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday· Thursday 6 am-I I pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sunday 8 am· 11 pm r-------, 

: FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I WMn)'O' buy one of cqul or JlbICr niue, I 

One PC' tuSlomCf. E.p. SI/7191 

-...... ~..., ....... 



H8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

That first big step 
doesn't have to set you back. 

We realize you've already made a sizeable investment in your future . That's why at 
Nordstrom, you 'll discover the quality and comfort of Dexter Comfort Classics for 
just 89.95. Ideal for graduation, interviews and wherever that first big step takes 
you . From top ; 'Brent' kiltie tassel loafer and 'Burton' classic wing tip. Both, with 

soft leather uppers, flexible orthotic insoles, anatomical heel cups for support, 
Aerolon Energy Return foot beds and leather out soles with rubber inserts. In black 

or burgundy, sizes 9-13n; 6-15m; 8-13w. In Men's Shoes. 

ENTER TO WIN A DEXTER LEATHER DUffLE BAG. Saturday, May 15 
at University Towne Centre. No purchase necessary. 

'Fashion Valley. 295· ""'1 I: UniverSity Towne Centre . "57· '1575; North County Fair, HO·OI70. 

Thursday, May 6,1993 
Thursday, May 6,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

RESEARCHER~S CLAIMS ARE ABSURD 
Editor: 

Dr. Teresa Sylvina of the Salk 
Institute says in the April 26 issue 
("Animal Researchers Defend Their 
Science") that animals in research are 
treated "as good, if not better than, 
animals on the street or pets in homes. 
They are clean diseasefree (emphasis 
is mine) and well taken care of." 

I hate to belabor the obvious, but 
just how does a researcher give an 
animal cancer, heart disease, diabe-
tes, hypertension, simian AIDS, 
herpes, alcoholism and a host of other 
conditions and then persuade the fa-
cility veterinarian that the animals are 
"disease-free?" 

How can you inflict bums, cause 
hemorrhage, perform invasive ab-
dominal surgery, break bones, cause 
ocular and dermal abrasions, force-
feed drugs and alcohol, induce with-
drawal symptoms, administer elec-
tric shocks in experimental protocols 
and then get your institution's veteri-
narian to say for the record that the 
animals are "well cared for?" 

I don't care if Dr. Sylvina scrubs the 
cages till they sparkle and lets the ani-
mals sleep on heated waterbeds, it is 
absolutely absurd and false to say that 
laboratory animals in research are dis-
ease-free and well cared for. Get Real! 

Barbara Lieberson 

1hIck Accents Are 
More 1ban Annoying 
Editor: 

As a freshman at UCSD, I am 
amazed by the fact that so many of the 
professors and TAs at our great uni-
versity cannot speak fluent English. I 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
have always considered myself a pro-
gressively minded person and am not 
prejudiced in any way against those 
from different ethnic backgrounds, 
but I am sick of having to sit in a class 
in which the lecturer has an accent so 
thick, nobody can understand. 

The lack of a good English vo-
cabulary also can affect the explana-
tions that instructor gives in lecture, 
because in many cases, a carefully 
worded example leads to a better un-
derstanding of the material. 

Although the university must have 
a diverse teaching staff and take into 
account the credentials of the profes-
sors, they should also take into con-
sideration that subjects like physiol-
ogy and genetics sometimes sound 
foreign enough without an accent. 

Thomas Schreck 

Uberals Hate PC 
Codes Too 
Editor: 

In my three years at UCSD, I can-
not count the number of times various 
writers in the Guardian have de-
nounced politically correct zealots 

STUDENT CONTACT LEIS SPECIAl. 
SEARS ,UTe 

under the blanket term "Ubenus." I 
cannot blame those people who de-
nounce PC speech, for speech codes 
have indeed been taken to ridiculous 
proportions. University codes that 
were originally intended to protect 
people from such things as death 
threats have been expanded to the 
point where one may be expelled from 
some colleges for so much as laugh-
ing at an off-color joke. 

While such idiocy has not yet oc-
curred at UCSD, one still has to tread 
so lightly here that just about any-
thing one says can be deemed offen-
sive. You can't say "frat" because it 
offends the Greeks. You can't say 
"history" because certain self-pro-
claimed experts on language (incor-
rectly) believe that this word was 
derived from the two wOJds "his" and 
"story," and that would be sexist! 

But what angers me perhaps even 
more than the speech codes them-
selves is the fact that a climate has 
been created on this campus where 
one must either conform to the PC 
dogma or risk being lumped into the 
category' of "conservatives," a label 
that is simply wrong for many of us. 

This campus' self-appointed sen-
sitivity police should go back and 
reread our constitution, in which no 
place does it state that one has the 
right nol to be offended. I wholeheart-
edly applaud their critics, but I ask 
that you refrain from calling these 
people "liberals," because the liberals 
I know, myself included, uphold 
people's right to freedom of speech, 
even if that speech is unpopular, of-
fensive, or just plain dumb. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 

Elliot Kamin 

OPINION 9 

CSO ESCORT 534-WALK 
6:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M. , 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don 'I Walk Alone! 

There's a Place for You on the 

Legal Team 
·iMIude.: ere ex-mi •• tion, eoalKlic ... (juinl, foUo •• u, rilit, traiainl .. nr'f! kit .1 .. 1.00 ... 

Oller not s-I with Iny olher lpecilL 

For appointments or information 
call the Optical Department at 

455·5795. 
622·9365 

Jobs 
Computers 
and more in 

The ........ 
upstairs In the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General $tore. 

n he legal assistant works as part of the legal team U and plays an important role in the delivery of legal 
services. UCSD Extension offers ABA-approved day-
time and evening legal assistant programs. 

'{---- ~----------------, 

2TANS$1: : I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days ~gw I. I 

Wolff Beds. Facial Tatler5 I I 
~------ Scm: .e>trictloro 'I'I'IY ) ~ ___ ~~""~tM.99(-i>J'Ctuoe) _____ .../ 
,------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS . I 
II Guaranteed ... $48 ~ lIostinches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth ill" 
I - Mindy, San Diego I Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dIeting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I GOLDEN 'TRIANGLE La Jolla Pt. Lama Hilicres~ I I f'ERFECrr AN 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 
I :3251 Holiday Ctf· E r ' Pacif iC 8each Mission Valley SUte College I acr055 5t:rec:t rom I onto 581 9060 542-0:391 697-8014 . 455-0909 -~ ________ ~~~4W.Off"pd-~ ________ ..J. 

• Courses are taught by members of the bar and 
practicing legal assistants 

• Curriculum is geared to those who already have a 
degree 

• Tuition for the daytime program is payable on an 
installment basis · 

• The daytime program begins June 21 
• Evening courses are offered on a quarterly 

basis 
Information meetings and free aptitude tests will be 
held May 15, May 18, June 5, and June 8 at the UCSD 
Extension Complex, 9600 No. Torrey Pines Rd, in La 
Jolla. To reserve a space or for more information, 
phone 534-6353, X1200. 



6 The UCSD Guardian Thur8day, May 6, 1993 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

~ May 3, 1993 ' · ~ 
~ ~ ~ The Honorable Pete Wilson ~ 
'1 Governor of Ca.l1fornia rt. ~ State Capitol ., ~ Sacramento, CA ~ 
~ Dear Goy,mor W"",., ~ 

~ We, the first to love and call California our home, ask that you remember hiStory and the trail of broken treaties. ~ 

~ First we lost our land, which gave us the means to survive as a self-sufficient people.' Without our livelihood, we became dependent. ~ 
~ Ultimately, we lost d1gnity. We are a proud people with a noble heritage. This dependency has not been good for our people or yours. ~ 

~ Thanks to the revenues generated from tribal gaming we have jobs, not welfare. Our people have hope. We are learning to sing and It 
,. dance agaJn. ., 

~ We are baffled by your actions, your refusal to negotiate in good faith with the tribal governments as required by the law. We're con- ~ ~ fused by the continued legal barr1ers you erect to prevent us from exercising rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution. You ~ 
~ have not spoken the truth to the people. Either you do not know the facts about Indian gaming, or you do not care. ~ 

~ :: :::''::~ :. :;~: :.:::~:::: :::::~:':, and. publio 0pUllon poll oonduct.d by .lold Re,earch ~ 
'1 Corp. confirms this . We gave copies of this poll to your staff. Californians wish us to have the dignity of a job, to have the pride that It. 

~ comes from paying our way. We believe they support the rights of Indians to operate gaming on reservations as the means to fund ~ 
11 Indian governments and tribal needs. ., ~ You say that "the Indian Gaming Act has not benefitted Ind1ans ." How could you know? You will not even sit with us to discuss the It 
11 gaming issues . You have never even visited our casinos. ~ 
~ Indian gaming creates an unprecedented opportunity for tribes to end generations of poverty. Revenues from Indian gaming gross rt. 
11 approximately $5 billion annually, and netted over $700 million in 1991 . ., 
~ Today, more than 2,000 jobs created by Indian gaming in San Diego County are benefitting Indians and non-Indians alike. Combined, ~ 
~ the three bands here generated more than $200 million in 1992 revenues, made a payroll of $100 million, and spent another $70 mil- It. 
11 lion in local purchases of goods and services. In addition to reducing the welfare burden by putting people to work, the state benefits ~ 

~ from income, withholding and other taxes as a result of reservation gaming. ~ 

~ We are not asking for special privileges. We only want the state to comply with the stated purpose of the federal Indian Gam1ng ., 
~ Regulatory Act. We are asking that you allow us to live and work on our lands, with the freedom to govern ourselves as promised by It. 
'1 the American people. ~ 

~ We were not happy with the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, but have honored it. We sacrificed more freedom-to acknowledge It. 
~ and negotiate with the states-as the price for survival. But, please remember this law does not grant the state final refusal; it pro- ., 
~ vides for mediation and legal recourse as the means of ensuring fairness for the tribes and respect for their jurisdictional authority. ~ 
~ We ask you to end attempts to pressure Congress to renege on its previous agreement by putting a ban, moratorium or new restrictions It. 
11 on Indian gaming. Give us a fair deal, a level playing field . It isn't honorable to change the rules just because we have learned to play ., ~ ~ga.~. ~ 

~ You call tribal gaming "a boon for trial lawYers, fast-buck artists and organized crime bosses." These accusations sadden and dishon- ~ 
~ or our tribal governments . If there are tria l lawYers making money from Indian gaming, we don't know who they are. However, we It. 
11 have had to invest a great percentage of earnings defending Indian rights in court to pursue economic opportunity against continual ., ~ attack and harassment by some state officials . ~ 

~ As for organiZed crime running our businesses, you insult us . The tribes have been the ones to turn over to law enforcement criminal ~ 
~ elements attempting to become involved. As the federal courts and Senate Indian Affairs Committee have found, there has never been It. 
11 any successful attempt by organized crime to infiltrate Indian gaming. ., 

~ You forget we have had more than 200 years of experience recognizing those who would cheat us and use us for illegal, or ill-gotten ~ ~ gain. The tribes employ intensive background checks of all employees, private police forces and sophisticated security precautions . ~ 
11 Reservations are where we live. Indians do not want criminals in their neighborhoods any more than do non-Indian families . It. 

~ Intensive federal regulation and vigilant and vigorous enforcement of laws by the Department of Justice where crime does occur pro- ~ 
vides more safeguards. ., ~ ::~: ::::::' m,"" oottvlttes W, keep our waed. ~ 

c: Th. 
~ Anthony B. Pico Daniel Tucker Clifford La Chappa ~ 

~ Chairman Chairman Chairman 
'1 Vleju Band of Mi .. ion Indiana Sycuan Band of Xumeyaay Incliana Barona Band of Mission Indians ~ 

~ Governor Wilson and other governors are campaigning Congress to ban reservation gaming. undermining the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 and jeopardizing It ~ Native Americans' best immediate hope for economic survival. ~ 
~ Senator Daniel Inouye. Chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee opens hearings on tribal gaming the week of May 31. ~ 
~ Please let your state and congressional representatives know that Californians expect them to honor their promise to tribal governments guaranteeing land sovereignty and the ., 
~ same rights afforded state governments to engage in gaming. ~ 
'1 Call the Viejas Tribal office at (619) 445·38 10. the Sycuan Tribal office at (619) 445-2613 or the Barona Tribal off ice at (61 9) 443-66 12 for more information ~ Ad"",,'~"IP'~ I" b"h, .. "". V"I" , ., SyCO," 10'''" A' ''N''''", PO eo< 9OSAI,,00. C,,,,. 91903 t 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

ARf 

RIIf 
Suns On Verge of 
Total Eclipse 

If the Lakers somehow manage to 
win one more game and knock off the 
heavily-favored and highly talented 
Phoenix Suns, it would rank with the 
greatest upsets in sports histo!)', right 
up there with Buster Douglas over 
Tyson, the 1980 U.S.A. Hockey Team 
and the late Jim Valvano's Wolfpack 
in '83. [t would be srunning, over-
whelming and downright miraculous. 
Here are three reasons why Dyan 
Cannon is cheering, Jack is grinning, 
the Forum is rocking and the Suns are 
one game away from an early 
vacation. 
VIade Divac YS. MedIocrIty 

When he's on. V1ade can hold his 
own against almost every center in the 
]\iBA. He can rebound, block shots 
and put the ball on the floor. When 
he's off, Divac makes Benoit 
Ben jan1in seem like a franchise player. 
Unfortunately for Phoenix, the 
motivated and focused Divac is giving 
fits to the Suns ' defense. Divac has 
shown mental and physical toughness 
and discipline over an extended period 
for the fIrst time in his career. Vlade 
even deserves an Oscar for his flop in 
Game 2. When Charles Barkley's foot 
"feU" on the Laker center, Divac not 
only grimaced in mock agony, he 
acted out a death scene that is the talk 
of Tinseltown. 
....... Worthy vs. F ..... 11me 

Let's face it. Worthy is not the 
same player he was three or four years 
ago. During the regular season, 
Worthy seemed tired, sluggish, a half-
step slow. His field goal percentage, 
among the league leaders during the 
'80's, plummeted to 42 percent. Given 
the unenviable task of guarding 
budding superstar Richard Dumas, 
most fans assumed Worthy would be 
overwhelmed. Yet somehow the 
Worthy of yesteryear has returned. 
"Big Game James" has regained the 
quick fIrst step and the extension on 
his jumper. The veteran Worthy is not 
only outplaying the explosive Dumas, 
he's schooling him. 
Randy Pfund vs. l-. ,.. 

By virtue of leading the Lakers to 
their worst record in 16 years, most 
Laker fans assumed that after Los 
Angeles quietly exited from the 
playoffs that Pfund would be PfU'ed. 
Surprise! Pfund has the Lakers 
executing the slow down, half-court 
game to near perfection. The offense 
is getting good shots, and the defense 
has frustrated Barkley and Dan 
Majerle and kept the high-powered 
Phoenix offense out of its up-tempo 
style. Pfund has the Lakers playing 
their best when it counts: in the 
playoffs. Jerry West should give 
Pfund another year - the Lakers need 
better players, not a new coach. 

The realist in me says Barkley will 
probably kill another referee, Majerle 
will find his touch, KJ. will explode; 
Vlade will tank and the Lakers will 
fall in five. No offense, Mr. Barkley, 
but for old time's sake, maybe there's 
another miracle left for the Lakers. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Sophomore Chris Miyake extended his hitting streak to 16 games, but UCSD failed to break Its nine game losing streak. 

Wily Coyotes Stop UCSD 
BASEBALL: Miyake breaks con-
secutive game hit record with 16 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's baseball team concluded its 1993 road 
schedule with a I 0-7 loss at San Bernardino. fmishing 
with a 3-13 road record and extending its losing streak 
to nine games. 

ThegameagainstCaiState 
San Bernardino was a dandy, 
with the fmal outcome de-
cided in the late innings. 

The Tritons bolted to a 4-
o lead in the first two innings, 
but the Coyotes soon scav-
enged a hit parade of their 
own at the plate. CSUSB's 
Jason Kraus' home run fu-
eled a four-run mIly in the 
second offUCSDstaJter Mark 
Hartmann. Aftera lone run in 
the fourth, the Coyotes added 
two more in the sixth, giving 
CSUSB a 7-4 lead. 

In the seventh, however, the Tritons got a big boost 
off the bat of junior outfielder Sean Darrock, who 
returned to the lineup after a season-long leg injury. 
Darrock rippedhisthird homeroftheseason. Danock 's 
blast off Ty DeTrinidad was a three-run shot that 
pulled the Tritons even. 

But as quickly as UCSD tied it, the Coyotes were 
able 10 retake the lead. Kurt Luhrsen came in to relieve 
Hartmann in the bottom of the seventh, and gave up a 
three-run homer to John DeLongchamp. 

The Tritons were unable to score again, giving the 
Coyotes' (26-22) the 10-7 vieto!),. San Bernardino's 

Dan McDoweII/Guart1ian 
Mark Harbnann surrendered seven runs. 

The Scoreboard 
UCSD 7 

SAN BERNARDINO 10 

DeTrinidad (6-4) got the win and Luhrsen (5-6) 
picked up the loss. 

On the bright side, Chris Miyake extended his 
hitting streak to 16 games, breaking the fonnerTriton 
record of 15 held by Bob Natal. Freshman Jason 
Aguilar also added four hits for UCSD. 

UCSD (13-20-1) will close out its season at home 
this Saturday with a noon doubleheader against Biola 

1he Week Aheacl 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
WOMEN'S 1ENNIS: The 

Tritons will be shooting for their 
fourth national title. 

,....14 
SOFTBALl: Tritons score five 
nms in bottom of seventh but lose 

two games to Oaremont 
,.11 

The Headline Matchup: Baseball vs. BIola University, Saturday at 12 p.m., baseball diamond. UCSD ends the 18lI0I'I with this doubleheadet 
Other Games: Track & Reid at Occidental Invitational, Saturday. Softball at USD; Saturday. Women 's water polo vs. Sunset San Diego, Saturday at 11 a.m., Canyonview Pool. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Pub-
lic? If so, call 587-7911 . (114-613) 
INJURED? Classes missed? Make-up 
exams? Compensation for your Inter-
rupted class schedule, injuries,lostwages, 
medical costs. Call the law offices of 
Spencer Busby and Associates at 283-
8000. (4/19-5113) 
PANAMA DECEPTION, the film shown 
Saturday, May 8 at Cafe Cinema at 8 
p.m_, $5. Academy Award fOt best docu-
mentary. See what even PBS refuses to 
air_ 236-9575_ (4129-518) 
Blcycflst Appreciation Dayl Friday, May 
7,1993_ From9:OOa_m.-ll :30a_m.atthe 
Price Center walkway. Come and enjoy: 
free food and drinks, free bicycle registre-
tionattheUCSD PoliceDept. l0:OOa_m.-
11:00 am.; register to win prizes, and 
morel Sponsored by UCSD Transporta-
tion Alternatives. (4129-518) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .... __ .... __ _ .450-3323 
Fairmairs ____ ... ___ .. ___ ... ___ .222-0220 
Jennifer J's Beach Wear .... 551 -1 004 
La Sandale ...... _ .... _ .. _ .... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS a DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza _ ..... _ .... ..... __ _ .. 455-0662 
Domino's ...... _ .... ___ ... __ ... 452-LJCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
Yakimono ............. .... .... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Aulo ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695· 1990 
Robert'S ........... ............. 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach .•... .450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Dearinger's .......... ......... 454-1000 
Young Attitudes ... .. ....... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ...... .... _ 560·0325 
Primo Hair Salon ......... .455-0046 
Salon De Noie .............. 483-2512 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .................... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558·3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452-7374 
Vision Care ............ _ .... _. 578·6796 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ............. .452-0630 
T ravel lars Depot .......... 483·1421 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455·1 000 
MCAT Review ............. .456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 

UCSDJOBS 
New Car Dealers .......... 296·3175 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... . 274-ALES 
Character's (LJ Marriott) 
..................... ................ 587·1414 

Vollaybar & Grill ............ 270-7860 

UCSD ETC. 
St. Germaln's ................ 455·.1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

I :- -JASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jorpersonal use only). $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
anyadvenising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500GilmanDrive. 
0316,LaJolla, CA 92093~316_Actual address: Stu.dentCenterA, topfloor. 

PROJECT COMPASSION. A com· 
munity effort in partnership with lo-
cal organizations, businesses, Coun· 
cil· and Assemblypeople to collect 
food for the hundred. of children 
and families living in the Tijuana City 
Dump . The food will be an Incentive 
for the children to regularly attend a 
school, and education will open doors 
for opportunities for self·sufficiency. 
A school has already been built. 
Please call 692-0238 to help. (4129-
516) 
Warren College Semi·Formai. "Missis· 
sippi Moonlight" May 27, 8-11 p.m. Tick-
ets $10 at Box Office. (513-5124) 
"PANAMA DECEPTION" A rare chance 
to see the Academy Award winning 
documentary. May 8, Cafe Cinema. 8 
p.m. Don't miss this one. No matter 
what your politics, this one will shock 
you. (TV networks have refused to air 
it.) (513·516) 
INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES with the 
City of San Diego Economic Develop-
ment Services Program in the areas of 
BudgeVFinance, Redevelopment Plan-
ning, and Economic Development. In-
temships will begin in summer or fall of 
1993 and can last 3·12 months, depend· 
ing on funding. Applicants should be 
Graduate Students in a related field or 
with demonstrated interest in one or more 
of the above areas. For information. con· 
tact Alissa Gabriel at 236-6441. (516-51 
10) 
'First Christian Fellowship Church" needs 
donations of all kinds to help the needy 
and homeless. Pick·up tile for flooring, 
church pews, grand piano, card book-
cases, etc. any condition. Call: Pastor 
Daniel P. Lantis (619) 265-9282. (5/6-61 
3) 
LOOK HERE. UCSD MEDICAL CEN" 
TER M8d8 healthy volunteers be~n 
the ages of 18 .nd 65 for. 2 hour atudy 
about eye blinking. A $10 compenaa" 
tlon plus parking will be provided. Call 
Deb at 543-2314 for more Information. 
(516-5/10) 
Free dancel There will be a dance on 
Friday, May 14 in a pavilion at Scripps 
Medical Center. All on-campus residents 
are invited! 9 p.m.-12 a.m. Sponsored by 
ICRA. (518-5113) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Chlldntn'. day campa In Agoul1l seek 
special, caring, fun people. General 
counselors & specialty instructors for 
horseback riding, crafts, swimming, 
nature, drama, boatlnglflshlng, music, 
gymnastics & morel Great summer jobs I 
(818) 889-8383. (4/8·5110) 
Hiring T odayl Established local company 
needs 5 enthusiastic sports minded 
individuals for part-time or full-time 
positions starting at $12 per hour. Call 
793-4473. (4/15-516) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1·800-436· 
4365 ext. P·3387_ (4115-~1 0) 
SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12· 
$14 plhr. Dalfun Swimming Lessons. Flex 
hours, all areas, call Greg, (619) 491· 
4837. (4/19·5117) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT· 
Make $2,ooO+lmonth teaching basic 
conversational English abroad. Japan & 
Taiwan. No previous training required. 
Foremployment program c811: (206) 632-
1146 ext. J5976. (4119·516) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT " 
fisheries. Earn $600+lweek in canneries 
or $4,OOO+lmonth on fishing boats. Free 
transportation I Room & board I Male or 
Female. For employment program call 1-
206·545-4155 ext. A5976. (513-5120) 
Caregiver for handicapped Child. Flexible 
part·time. Patience, love & references 
required. 259-7876. (513·5/10) 
SUMMERJOBSATGIRLSCOUTCAMP 
BOTHIN , MARIN COUNTY SAN 
FRANCISCO · Supervisor positions and 
counseling staff needed for resident camp 
June 12·August 16. Call Deb at 544·1600 
(days) for more information, or request 
application packet by call ing 510-562-
8470. (516) 
Ramona High School is currently hiring 
coIlegetutOl'S fOt its AVI 0 program in the fall. 
Ethnic minorities are encouraged to appIy_ 
Starting salary $4.50 per hour. Working 
hoursareTues, Thurs, 7:30am.·9:45am., 
possibly Fridays as well. Call 788-5331 and 
leave a cIeIr message. (516-5110) 

Invites Youl 
With this limited Invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair Consultatjon 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 

• Haircut, Shampoo & Style for Friend 
• HK Protein Deep Reconstructor 

• Scalp Massage 

BONUS OFFER 
25% OFF Designer Perm 
250 10 OFF Conditioning Highlight 
200 0 OFF Second Haircut Style 
200 " OFF All Hair Products 
300 0 OFF Set 01 Acrylic Nails 

• Clarifying Conditioning Treatment 

• Eyebrow I Eyelash Tinting 

• Eyebrow Waxing 

• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• Complete Manicure 

• French Braid 

• 3 Tanning Sessions 

Call Progressive Marketing 483·251 2 

Being Fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachers. Call 483-9294. Certification not 
required. (4126·516) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Pub· 
IIc? If so, call 587·7911. (114·613) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you walt. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St. Germain's. 452·9949. (1119·613) 
VlollnlVlol. Le •• ons. You or your 
child(ren) can leam from an experienced, 
professional teacher. Now accepting stu-
dents - all ages and levels welcomel 
Call Conrad, 466-0525. (3129-613) 
Need typinglword processing done? Will 
do any size job, any type of job. I will also 
do editing if needed or wanted. Call Carol 
481·6364 evenings. (411-6/3) 
PHYSICS/MATH TUTOR_ Masters in 
physics with TA experience. $151hr_ 263" 
9444. (4/5-518) 
Lash tint, facials, waxing, acne treatment. 
Highest quality products. Parvaneh's 
Skincare. 552-1174. 10% off with ad. (41 
12-5113) 
TERM PAPERS I THESIS I RESUMESI 
Don'twaste money & time at do-it-yourself 
centers. RELAX + let us do your word· 
processing, half the cost, half the timel 
Free pickup + delivery. (619) 292-8444 
(24 hrs.) (4119-6/3) 
Cracked windshield? Repair now before 
it spreads. Avoid costly replacement by 
calling GLAS$AVERS todayl Low student 
rate at $30. Free mobile service will repair 
at school, home, or workplace. 436-4842. 
(4119·51S) 
Money for College. Scholarshipsavailable 
regardless of GPA or parental income. 
Guaranteed results. For free Information 
packet call (619) 688-2347_ (4/22·516) 
SECURITY ALARMS. Need protection 
for car, home, self? No Installation costs I 
455-2565 (day) 273-9340 (eve). (51S) 
Word Processlng/Typing; Academic 
manuscripts, papers , theses, books, 
letters, applications. AccuratelFast 
service. Mary Ann 452·9439. (518-6/3) 

FENDER STRAT: Black wi Ultrasonic 
pu., hardcase, straplocks, great action, 
clean, sweet, $300. 523·1239 Mark. (516) 
WORD PROCESSING, Any type or size 
job. Ouality writing and editing. Laser 
printout. Kathy, 454·8167_ (516-613) 
SWIMSUIT SEASON. UCSD women get 
in shape with a personal trainer. $151hr. 
Call 535·9262. (516-5110) 

WANTED 
Individuals who suffer from headaches. 
To be included In a drugleas research 
study. Dr. Finley 452·2882. (4/22·5117) 
12 GAUGE PERSUASION is looking for 
serious keyboaId player. Steady Gigs, funk! 
rockibIues style. Call 625-7950. (4129-5124) 
WANTED: Piano Voice and Guitar 
teachers. Part time, exper pref, own 
lransportatlon. Highest rates paid. 931 -
0707. (513·5113) 
Women I Parents Divorced? Mom not 
remarried? Participate in research study. 
Could win $100. Confldentipl 528·4531 . 
(513·5113) 
Wanted : Non·smoking healthy volunteers 
with asthma and allergies to participate in 
a Scripps Clinic study. Volunteers will be 
compensated. Please call 554-8930. (51 
3-5/6) 
Rock/Funk!Reggae band seeks motivated 
guitarist and drummerlother musicians. 
Call Jim 792·2863. (516-5/17) 

======--- __ ~=-~ __ ~~_~.7. __ == __ ~_~_=_~ __ ~"~~=_~".~~_~_"~"~_~"7. __ ==_.~_~_~_= __ == __ ~"~ __ ~_========~. ------_________________ J 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

Healthy men and women ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to participate In a 
UCSD Medical Center study examining 
the effect of sound on the eyebllnk reflex. 
Call 543-2494 for Information. (516) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4wheelers, 
motorhomes, by FBI, IRS. DEA. Available 
your area now. Call 1·800-436-4363 ext. 
C-7556. (~15-5110) 

Stereolreceiver, dual tape deck, high 
speed dubbing, phonograph, CD hookup, 
speakers. $50. Stuv, 452·6465. (4122·51 
S) 
Honda Elite 80, 1986, red, 6000 miles. 
Helmet, lock, permit included. $500. Call 
587·0541 Maureen. (4126-516) 
FOR SALE. 1984 RABBIT. Manual, fuel 
injected, AlC, clean, runs good, 1 03K, all 
records. $1200 o.b.o., 546-871S. (4126-51 
10) 
'66 MERCEDES 250 SE COUPE White 
wlblack leather interior, walnut dasMrim. 
Automatic, ' straight six· cylinder, 
mechanical fuel Injection. Airconditioning. 
Sunroof. Beautiful! Call for appointment: 
753·2106 or 931·4096{w). (4126-51S) 
SCOOTER: 1986 Honda Elite 150, looks! 
runsgood.$750orbest490·1147. (4/29· 
5120) 
SURFBOARDS, excellent to good 
condition. Water is warming up, you're 
out there. Call Mike, 552·0920. (4129-51S) 
Fly San Diego/Oakiand. Roundtrip only 
$72. Friday 5114 to Monday 5/17. 558-
2023. (513-5110) 
OINGO BOINGOl2 tickets, SDSU, Friday 
June 11 tho $30.00 each, leave message, 
551-8714. (513-516) 
TREK 330 road bike, 58cm, 12spd,good 
condition. $150 o.b.o. Call Rudy 581 · 
9058. (513·516) 
Surfboards for sale. Spring's here, water's 
warm I Good boards for cheap : 6'2", 6'S", 
TO· ... 552-0920. (513-5127) 
CANNON DALE 56cm, 14spd road bike. 
105 groupo (except Hubs· new Ultegra 
600) + BB (UN-71 cartridge). Almosl new 
Mavie MA40 32 hole rims. $325.00. Todd. 
558·1621 . (513-5117) 
Steel String Guitar Mint Condition 
$175.00 o.b.o .; Yamaha Electronic 
Keyboard, $150 o.b.o. 273-2697. Call 
Kevin. (SI3·5/S) 
Surfboard: 6'2· Pearson Arrow $100; 
Futon and Frame $75; IBM Printer $45. 
481·5078. (513·5110) 
'S7 Honda Elite 250. Black, mint condi~on , 
only 3000 miles. Max 75 mph. $2000 
o.b.o. 558·8024. (513·51S) 
'69 Dodge Van, 50,000, rebuilt, solar 
panels, aux electrical system. gas range. 
runs great $1200. 792·5706 Jordan_ (513· 
516) 
Surfboard 7'2" & wetsuit. Excellent 
beginner equipment. Ride Cadillac of 
Surfboards. $150 takes all. 792-5706 
Ashley_ (513·516) 
Sony 19· TV$275; PanasonicVCR,$I50. 
Both only 6 months old. 558-1271 (leave 
message). (513-5/10) 
Futon + frame $75. FulVQueen mat set 
$80- Sofa + loveseat $200. Can deliver 
576·8244. (513·6/3) 
Sharp CD player· $60, Gravis joystick 
(IBM) - $20, Scanman handheld scanner 
• $60, water purifier (sink attachable) • 
$50 o.b.o .. 20MB HDD (IBM) - $25. Call 
Seung @622·1244. (512·516) 
Macintosh software, unopened, huge 
savings. Clarisworks 1.0, $85.00, 
Quicken 3.0. $35.00. VersaTerm 4.0, 
$60.00, Cricket Presents 2.1, $85.00, 
Disklock 2.0, $80.00, Correct Grammar 
2.0, $45.00, o.b.o. for bundle. 483-2694. 
(5/3·5/10) 
Color monitor 14", any Macintosh II, LC. 
Great quality, near new, unused. Cheap 
$365.00. 483·2694. (513·5110) 
1972 Volkswagen Super Beetle, excellent 
mechanical condition; new engine + 
clutch. great student car. $31951best. 277· 
9889 (518·5110) 
'81 Honda CM400T 30K. Perfect lor 
new riders. Fairing. New chain, new 
rear tire. new front and rear brakes. 
Runs good. $500. Call Don at 551 · 
81 70. (516·5113) 
CD Tower. Sleek, unique, space saver. 
Holds 60 CDs, 64" tall. Naw, only $38. 
275-3102. (516-5110) 

Thurllday, May 6,1993 

HOUSING 
Furnished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 bdr., 
1 ba., balcony.$825.oo.619-491 ·1196or 
714·779·0540. (314,516) 
Female roommate wanted for summer. 
New quiet condo near Sorrento Valley. 10 
min from UCSD. Own room, washerldryer, 
pool. $300/month + 113 utilities. 
Nonsmoker please. No pets. 558-1390. 
(4/26·51S) 
Roommate needed for summerl Own 
room in 3 bdrm condo UTC area. Available 
S/13. Washerldryer. pool, dishwasher. 
$278 + 113 utilities. 587-2656. (4129-516) 
Master Bedroom Summer Sublet: Two 
people to share large bedroom with 
private bath and phone. Four bedroom 
house, large backyard, close to UCSD 
and beach. $320lmonth + 115 utilities 
each. Call Cory or Tara at 558·2044. (41 
29-5/S) 
Summer Room For Rent. June-Sept. La 
Regencia - Regents @ Vons. Pool, 
fitness & weights, racquetball , spa, NC , 
washerldryer, garage parking. $300l mo. 
+ 113 utils. Niall 457-4878. (4129-5110) 
Charming Leucadia retreat. 2 BRl2 BA. 
Poolside gardens. Furnished. 8193·8194. 
$1000 mo. 943-0703. (4129-5117) 
La Jolla I UCSD: Non-smoking female to 
share 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment near 
UTC and UCSD. Own bath. $380.00 per 
month. Available June 1 or earlier. 4S5· 
1770; 554-2228 (~129-5/27) 

SUMMER SUBLEASE: 3 bedroom, 1.5 
bath townhouse . Near UCSDI UTC. 
$1050Imonth. Call Danielle625·0704. (41 
29-5IS) 
TWO ROOMS AVAILABLE for summer 
in La Jolla. Own washerldryer, pool, 
iacuzzi, gym, secured parking, near bus 
stop - bike to UCSD. $345/month + 114 
utilities. Call : 755·5604. (513-5110) 
Female roommate(s) wanted: $220 share 
or $400 own room . Have two well -
mannered cats. gym. 2 pools, close to 
school+bus, laundry in apt. , 3 closets in 
master suite, avail. June 1st (negot). Call 
Sharlene 452-7669. (513-5/17) 
Own bedlbath one block to UCSD, across 
street from shopping. Available now. 546· 
1210. (513·516) 
Do you know where you're living next 
year? Neither do we i Two girls interested 
In finding one/two more girls to share 
either a townhouse or condo near UCSD. 
Call 558-0494 or S22·1S77. (513·516) 
Roommate needed to share a two 
bedroom apartment at the Villas of 
Renaissance near UTC. Rent will be 
between $400-$500 plus security, etc. 
Call Marc 558-8563 for details. (513·5IS) 
Free room in exchange for conversation 
in English with German Scientist. Don 
Matson 534-30S8. (5/3-5/S) 
Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near 
UCSD available June: all appliances. 
washerldryer. $995, 450·0328. (5/3·SI 
3) 
Summer town house 2 bedroom , 
spacious, close to bus, UCSD. Pool, 
parking, canyon. $825, 2-3 people, June· 
September (negotiable). Cute! Call Holly 
at 622-0803. (5/3·5/24) 
Female roommate needed I Summerlown 
room, $325Imo_ Beautiful, spacious, 4 
bedl2.5 bath house In Del Mar. Rachel 
259-1664. (513·5120) 
Summer Sublet, 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath, 
blkelwalk to campus, $1200 or by room, 
457 ·0773. (513·5/10) 
Townhouse available mld·June, year· 
lease. 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath, $11 00. Near 
UCSD, Vons, bus. S25·0828. (513·51 
10) 

Roomm~te needed to share beautiful 
Hillcrest apt. June 1-Sept. 15. Fully 
furnished, hardwood floors, vaulted 
ceilings. Okay for 2 people to . share 
bedroom. $4oo/mo. Call Sunday @ 296-
793S. (5/3·5110) 
Roommate wanted, looking for a guy 
roommate. Own room, own bathroom. 
Share utilities, Include recreation 
equipment. $400lmonth, $400 deposit. 
We located at Regents Rd. Please contact 
WENNY at 695-1731 or 587-9642. (513· 
516) 
Roommate wanted . $36Olmo for private 
roomlbathroom, parking two blocks from 
beach I Call 483·7591. (513·516) 
Summer rental. 3 BDRM condo next to 
UCSD. 558-2023. (513·5113) 

SUMMER CONDOI $690Imonth, 2· 
bedroom, 2-bath. Clalremont. furnished, 
ALL UTILITIES INCLUDED. Chris 272· 
8758. Leave message. (513-5117) 
Roommate needed for furnished 
townhouse. Avail. immediately or sooner. 
Walk to UCSD, $360.00. Roy 452·8836. 
(513-5/10) 
Male roommate wanted to share 
furnished master bedl bath in 4 
bedroom UC house occupied by 3 
UCSD women from mid-June (or 
sooner) through August. All 
amenities included. $275I mo. + 115 
uti!. 452·3019. (513-5110) 
Private room in 3BR, 2.5BA condo, Del 
Mar. Eight minutes from UCSD; pool/spa, 
tennis; walk to Highlands Shopping 
Center; prefer female non-smOking. 
Available July 1 st, $375 + 114 uti!. 625· 
0771 Joe. (513-5124) 
Furnished Mission Beach Town· 
house , 3br., 3ba ., 2 car garage. year 
from 7115193, $1,600.00. 488-2944. 
(5/3-5/6) 
HILLCREST: Room, 3bdl2ba house. 
$350Imo. Near shuttle, movies, shops. 
Hardwood floors, yard. 291 -2955. (513-51 
10) 
SUMMER ROOM AVAILABLE • 
furnished. Mid-June thru August. $330+ 11 
4, cable, laundry, near campus. Call 
Jennie: 458-0032. (5/3·516) 
Room available June 12. North 
Clairemont. Own room, share bath, $2401 
month + utilities, MIF. Mara 483-4105. (51 
3-5110) 
Room for rent wlaccess to pool + tennis 
courts. Near UTC. Own bathroom wlfull 
use of kitchen + laundry. 452-2285. (51S-
5113) 
Inupenslve Summer sublet. Two 
rooms in bright, spacious townhouse 5 
minutes from UCSD. One master with 
private bath and one large single. 
Available mid-June. Pool, dishwasher, 
washerldryer. Females. 453-6012. (51 
S·5110) 
FOR RENT. Studio in La Jolla, single or 
courle, own kitchen, own bathroom. Share 
whole house with large deck, ocean view, 
3 blocks from beach, close to UCSD. 
$620. 551 -0241. (516-5110) 
Summer sublet single room in 3 bdroom 
condo with own bathroom, UTC area, 
females. 450-3252. (5IS-5/13) 
Roommate needed for summer! Large 
bdrm. Condo UTC area. 6/1-911 . $3801 
month (negotiable) . Holly 587-3617. (516-
5113) 
Own bedroom in large University City 
house. $250 per month plus $200 deposit. 
Available6113. Call Ryan at 587-0227. (51 
6·5117) 

The UCSD Guardian 

La JolialUTC. Non-smoking roommate 
wanted. Large 2-story condo. Own room, 
share bath, washerldryer, pool, fireplace. 
Avail. now. $355+ 113 util. 54S-0695. (516) 
HillcresVMisslon Hills. Roommate wanted 
in cool, beautiful house. Washer, dryer, 
dishwasher, backyard, pets O.K. , close 
to free campus shuttle, rent $291 + 114 
utilities. Available now, 296-8445. (5IS·51 
13) 
FREE SEXI Just kidding. Room available to 
share In W Village Tennis Club. Huge tri-
level condo, 2cargarage, 2 cool roommates. 
AVAILABLE NOWI RENT NEGOTIABLE! 
Call Sam at 457-7591. (516) 
For Sale-Condos " WALK UCSD. 2, 3 
bedrooms, 2 car attached garages. Pool, 
tennis. Great 1 st time buyer financing. 
Open Sundays and by appointment. REI 
MAX · Judith Haddox. Info anytime (619) 
275·2S18. (5/6·SI3) 
Room in 4bd. condo near UTC. Female 
only. $310. Laundry, available June 1. 
Call 458-0032. (S/10·5113) 
Summer sublet. Furnished master 
bedroom, own bath, Mira Mesa house. 
$350/mo. Call Paul 549-6642. (5120-613) 
Room available May 17th. Mira Mesa, for 
summerandlorfall. Walk to shops, marllet. 
Pool, iacuzzi , washe r, dryer, cable . 
Looking for easy going guy. $310Imo. 
Call Paul 549·6642. (S/6-5120) 
ROOMMATES WANTED: Two girls to 
share huge master at Renaissance Villas 
starting early September. $300Imonth+ 11 
4 utilities each. Call now. 622·1612. (5/6-
5110) 
LARGE BEDROOM for rentin a spacious 
4 bedroom furnished house. Available for 
SUMMER. Off La Jolla Scenic Drive· 
walklbike to UCSD , beach . $3901 
month+ 115 utilities. Jennifer 457-4452. 
(5IS-5110) 
2 three bedroom townhouses available 
July and September. nearUCSD. $11401 
mo. Nina 792-6453. 

FOR RENT: University City Playmor; 
$1250.oo3BR, 2.5BA; 1550sq.ft. condo ; 
all appliances; QUIET. 3945 CAMINO 
LINDO & 3975 CAMINO CALMA. July 1 ; 
454·6462. (516·5113) 

LOST AND FOUND 
I found a watch on North Campus parking 
lot. Call Michele G. 755-6301 . (4/15-5113) 
Man's prescription glasses left at the 
Guardian office. 534-3466. (513-516) 

PERSONALS 
Pier, congratulations on your big score. 
We knew you could do il eventually. -
The team. (516) 

ATTENTION UCSD GRADSI 
Welve Got A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy, 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads_ 

Call today 619-296-3175 . . 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's II. ~ Master Mechanics ~" 
=== exclusively VW and AUOI ~ 

1870 MIr811111 load • 4BO-1494 
Air & Wat ... Cooled • Mlint_nee S«vices • Air Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines. Gas & 0 ...... Eleclrical • Clutch ... Brak ... VIIv .. 

Not valid wrth ma,or .n9ne or 
tranSmiSsIOn repairs 

loc~ed In the Autoport Mall. MlramClf 
Next Door to Discoun t rwe 

EXPIRES 6/1519J 

• a 

From 3·6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID 
Two complete dinners for only 
$9.90 with student ID 
Good thru 6/30/93 

OLD TOWN,SAN DIEGO • 298-0133 

FACIALS 
. , '. 11/2 hour $50 $40 
. ~~i Eyelash or 

t4~at 
PRIMQ I-WR DESIGN 

a Stylist with 
.Charisma 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 
Women 
Men 

Reg. 
Price Students 
$30 $20 
$22 $15 

Includes Shanpoo, 
Blow Dry, Style 

.' ' brow tint $15 $10 Speclallzln& In all types of hair 
: . 

: ...... 

'W1uJ, Hair Design UTe 455-0046 : ..... ~>~..,~:) 
\,:::.: ) 4313 La Jolla Village Dr. SU. K-4 Hours: T ..... Ulru Sat. 9 am-7pm 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
Mo:~~FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Self Service storage at lowest rates 5 X 7 • $24 
.... TOTAL RENT FOR 3 IIOIITIIS 

9780 Candida St. 566·3881 

Do you suffer from ASTHMA? 
Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. 

All testing and study medications 
are FREE 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to 

$250.00 
for participation 

Call 436·3988 
Ask for Janet or Dianna 

W.rren W. PI.skow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 



14 SPORTS 

Going 
To the 
Dance 
W 1ENNak Tritons 
guming for natiooaI title 
BylINe ..... 
Staff Writer 

In what has be-
come an amual 
riruaJ, the UCSD 
women's tennis 
team has quali-
fied once for She 
NCAA Division 
m National 
Championships 
in Nonhfield, 
Minnesota, 
hosted by 
CaMonCollege, 

May 11-17. This will mark the seventh 
straight season and the II th time in the 
lasI 12 years that UCSD has qualified 
for the toumamenl. 

The championship will consist of 
individual and team competitions in 

~:38K$13* 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. IncIucIM MW 
spark plICa. Nt tIrNnC. scope 
..... 1Ie. under hood c:IMCk. 
Vans, g. Piul etCines. pJaUnum plugs extra . 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
caD Auto Car. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6 pm. Sat_ S-S 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego. CA 92121. 
(619) 558-2436 

• most cars 

CATCH A RIDE 
ON A JET J... 
ANnIME! T 
Europe ........ S269 
New York .... 8129 
Hawaii ......... 8129 
Call for program description 

AIRHITCH 
1·100·397·1018 

Jesus Christ 
is Lord! 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jason R1U:hle7~ 
Diane Chandler wll compete In the ........ draw • the NCAA' •• 

which32singlesplayersand 16doubles 
teams wiD conipete. 

UCSD (12-5) will face Massachu-
setts Institute of Teclmology (13-5) in 
the first round match. Ten other teams 
will aIsocompeteforthecharnpionship 
tide. UCSD's biggest rival, top-ranked 
Kenyon College. is one of four teams 
that has secured a first -round bye. 

UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
said that she and her team members are 
confident that with their current stand-
ings they will be an intimidating force 
at the tournament 

Tritons Robyn Inaba and Diane 

0wdIer were chosen to compete in the 
singles draw. In three previous trips to 
the NCAA O1ampionships,lnaba has a 
1-3 match record. This season, Inaba 
compiled a 7-8 match record and Olan-
dler won 12 of 16 matches. 

The doubles team ofInaba and fresh-
man Mild Kurokawa were selected to 
compete against the top teams in the 
nation. 

UCSD finished third in the nation last 
season for the third time in the past five 
years. LaPIantc led the Tritons to na-
tional championships in 1985. 1987 and 
1989. 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

Pedal Pushers Take Sixth 
CYCUNG: Men qualify for Nationals in Massachusetts 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

With miles of ground to make up, 
the eighth-ranked Triton cycling team 
charged into the WCCC Regional 
Ownpi0nWp6hcldatSDSU1astwcelc-
end dctennincd to seize the final na-
tional qualifying spoc 

The Tritons needed to beat both 
seventh-ranked· University of Nevada-
Reno and sixth-seed Ua..A to move 
into the all-important national qualify-
ing sixth position. 

Jeff WinkIo' led the assault by im-
medialely attacking the 62-mile men's 
A Jamul Road Race. WinkIo' broke 
away on the first climb of the hill-ridden 
event and never looked back, winning 
by an impressive five minute margin 
over the second-place fmisher. 

"The course had 12,CXX> feet ofver-
tical climbing," said men's C-rider Joe 
Nelesen. "k was [Winkler's] type of 
course because it was real difficult He 
just dwnped everyone on the hills." 

Ian Bettinger finished fifth in the 
men's B 45-miIe race and Kale Elsley 
raced to fourth in the women's B event 

Themen'sAteamofWinkler,G1enn 
Sanders, Joe Lerner, Jason Jones and 

Nick MQC(,Ie captured fourth in the 10.1 
mile Otay Team Time Trial in a lime of 
23:55. 

The men's B team, including Ryan 
Cady, Bettinger, Tun Knudsen, Jesse 
Rosen and Joe Nelesen, raced to a fifth 
place time of 24:53. 

After the May I events, UCSD had 
successfully reeled in thevitalsixthspol 
and the next days criteriwn played right 
into the hands of the Tritons'strength. 

As expected. Winkler kept the good 
times rolling during day two, negOlia!-
ing the 3O-mile SDSU Fraternity Row 
Critcriwn speed course for a second-
place tally. 

Bettinger duplicated this feat in the 
men'sB eventfollowedclosely by Mark 
Anington in fifth. Adam Livingston 
garnered fll'St in the men's D division, 
while Karina Francis finished seventh 
in the women's A race. 

At event's end, UCSD had pr0-
duced three ornniwn winners (highest 
point-scorers for the weekend) in 
WinkIer,BettingerandLivingstoneand 
successfullyqualifaedforNationals. The 
Tritons will take their number eight 
national ranking to the event held May 
22-23 in Massachusetts. 

(We did. Costa Verde Center.) 
[!] osta Verde Center has all of the . 
things you need to make college life a 
little easier. With convenient services, 
shops and great restaurants all in one 
location. Since Costa Verde Center is 
conveniently located in the volden 
Triangle, you can stop by and never 
have to miss a class ( Bummer! ) 
Catch a qUick .---r--r------,--..,---, 
bite. to eat 
at Subway. 
La Salsa or 
McDonald's. 
Or enjoy a 
leisurely capuccino at java House. 
Shop for munchies at Big Bear or 
pick-up that hard to find geology book 
at Bookstar. There's no need to drive 
all over town. Discover Costa Verde 
center. And never have to pay a 
ransom for convenience again. 

s~ 
Big Bear 

.~ 
Aesop's Tables 
Allie's 
Chang 
java House 
La Salsa 
McDonald's 
Pizza Novo ,".16"'61.1 '" 
Soup cxchange 
Subway Sandwiches 

SPECIAL TV SHOPS 
~ 

Blockbuster VideolalWlIIY" 
1300kstar 
Busybody 
Diva Flowers & Gifts 
Pow StereoNideo 

Paper Trends 
Pier I Imports 

FASHION STORES 
~ 

A Nite On The Town 
Distinctions 1"'a"p4" 
Gingiss F ormalwear 
Men's Wearhot/se 

SERVICES 
~ 

Computerized Cobbler 
Costa Verde Car Wash 
Costa Verde Dentistry "IIIS,.IpIQI 
Fox Photo 
HomeF ed Bank 
Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center 
La jolla Cleaners 
T~e Classical cye 
United Airlines City Ticket Office 
U.S. Postal Store 
We Care Hair 

~ ~COSTA VERDE 
At The ~orner Of Genesee & La Jolla Village Drive. Free Convenient Underground Garage Parking. 458·9270 

....... u .• 

Thursday, May 6,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Home Improvement Fails 
SCFTBALl: UCSD loses 
doubleheader to Claremont 
last weekend, 9-7 and 8-5 
By Katherine Rowe 
Guardian Reporter 

Many coaches might find a young 
team burdensome due to its inexperi-
ence anc\ inconsisitency. But for UCSD 
Softball Coach Patricia Gerckens, her 
squad's lack of experience has been 
anything but negative. Although the 
Tritonssuffered two losses to Claremont 
last week, 9-7 and 8-5, Gerckens is still 
confident about the fledgling team's 
future. 

Down 9-2 at the bottom of the sev-
enth inning of the first game, UCSD 
was by no means ready to throw in the 
towel. The Tritons mounted an offen-
sive surge that produced five runs in a 
great comeback effon. UCSD was un-
able to get any closer and Claremont 
held on for a two-run victol)'. 

Catching up is nothing new to 

EmIly Rubin and the rest of the young UCSD squad eye the future. 
Gerckens, however. "If we had one at the beginning of the season. And to 
more inning, we would've done it We Coach Gerckens. "The fact that they are 
played catch-up at the end. We tend to getting hits now is exciting." 
get stronger as later innings happen." Despitetheirlosingrecord,Gerckens 

With the two close games, UCSD is undaunted. "The win-loss record 
hasshownadefinireimprovement,scor- doesn't matter to me. What matters is 
ingtherunsnowthattheyfailedtoscore that they are improving," she said. 

UCSD Stings Hornets in Showdown 
WATERSKIINet Tritons blow away Sacrnmento State 1535-885; gallq> to Nationals 
By Gregg Wrem 
Sports Editor 

In a classic Westem showdown. the 
UCSD women's waterski team was 
faster on the draw, hooting down de-
fending regional champion Sacramento 
State at the Hornet's own invitational 
last weekend, 1535-885. 

"The women established themselves 
as the dominant team in the western 
U.S.," said As. i iant Coach Bill 
Schniderwind. "We just stomped on 
them." 

Gunslinger Alison Walmsley ledthe 
shootout for UCSD, closing out the year 

undefeated in the trick event, totaling 
690points. WaJrnsleyalso placedfourth 
in the slalom and fifth in the jump, 
helping the Tritons capture all three 
events and catapulting her atop the incli-
vidual standings. 

Walmsley's teammates fired a few 
shoes of their own. Tami Walker fm-
ishedthird in the trick,fourth in the jump 
and fifth in the slalom. Cindy Best 
spearheaded the Tritons second -
through fIfth-place sweep in the jump. 
Amy Burton was third in the jump and 
fourth in trick. 

The men weren't quite as successful 

as their partners. Led by Dave Sasse's 
fifth-place finish in the trick, UCSD 
finished third in the trick and fourth in 
the slalom and jump, good enough for 
fourth overnll. 

UCSD's combined score of 4(XX> 
points was enough to place the Tritons 
second overnll. 

Burton, Walmsley and Duane Gee 
from the men's team left for Columbia, 
South Carolina and the Collegiate All-
Stars Tournament last night The final 
event of the season, the All-Stars is a 
national tournament featuring the top 
skiers from around the country. 

PB BLONDE • SUNSET RED • OTL STOUT • HIGHLANDER SCOTCH ALE • INDIA PALE > 
r'" 

. ~ 

~ 
!-< 
« 
....I 
o 
() 
o 
X 
U 
• 
t-o 
::> 
o 
!-< 

00 
,...l 
f-4 
o 

WEDNESDAY SPECIAL 
STEIN NIGHT 

: f'P'!:· 
. .:. 

•. , d : 
.. 

• Gall HSNnS • :mN01Q Qd • ::raNolg 

Buy our logoed Stein for 
$5 full, and every Wednesday 

thereafter, we'll fill your 
stein with BEER ALL NIGHT 
for $2 PER REFILL! 
Every Wednesda:y 7 pm-clost 

$1 BEER THURSDAYS 
beers (after 7 pm) • AlilO-oz_ microbrewed $100 

• 

o 
SUNDAY ~ 

r-' 
COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT 00 
• ALL PIZZAS 
• All 48-oz. PITCHERS 

(after 5 pm) $5~~ ~ 
• Try the THAI CHICKEN PlZZAI • 

4475 Mission Blvd. 
comer of Mission & Gamet • SeaCoast $quare 

off of Homblend St. 

(5 
:c 
r'" 

> 
Z 
o 

~ 

'" 

SPORTS· IS 

~~in?~_ 
Teva 

Earth 
Sandals Platforms 

Sport 
Sandals 

Clogs 

Flojos Big Sizes $2 OFF 
any purchase of $15.00 or more 

_!!II 
.ta, Sutl4te 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488-1134 

~enn.ftr J s ~"'_, 
~",~~bt41C"W(4" 

5538 La Jona Blvd. • Bird Rock 

Complete Line of 5wimwear 
Separates 

Action Wear 
over 30 brands 

. SlmT\er hou-s 10-7 55'-'004 
I ---DI5COUNrCOUPONj 
I 150L.a Good on I I 7t any purchase I 

. ~arkin8 ~rea~ ___ [xp .~11/9_3~_ 

5 
VS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTlONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
..... _____ M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 ____ ..... 

.... 

ALLERGIES? 
Research volunteers needed to partiCipate in a clinical drug study 

testing an investigational drug not currently on the market. 
Volunteers must have Hayfever with springtime symptoms such as 

sneezing. watery eyes, runny nose and congestion. 

Qualified ~rticipants will be paid up to 
$175.00 
for participation 

Please call Janet or Dianna at 
(619,436-3988 

Warren W. PIe.kow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

University of California, San Diego's 
.,Department of Communication, Department of H!story, Department of 

Sociology, and Project in International & Security (PISA) 
JOINTLY-PRESENT 

GENNADI GERASIMOV 
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION. SOVIET MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS & 
CHIEF SPOKESPERSON FOR MIKHAIL GORBACHEV (1986-90); CURRENT 

RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR TO PORTUGAL 

"'THE RUSSIAN BEAR': 
What Do We Do Wtih Him Now?" 

RECEPTION TO FOUOW 

THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1993 
4:30 • 6 p.m. (Lecture) • 6- 7 p.m. (Reception) 

CHANCELLOR'S OmCES Room III A (10CIled in Manhews Complu) 



16 

IEN'SAAA 
!IcIItt.II AIIcIIIduIng: AI In-
tramlnl Softball T NmI thai nHd 
to ~ gImII from weeM 
previous shotAd contact !heir 0p-
ponents Iorthoseglmllandagnee 
to meet II a time appropria/8/con-
YIIrliInt lor boIh Itlml. 

1 Capt. Fogcu1IIrS (4-0) 
2 Ilia Red MIchine (~.ol 
3 .. HomophoIJic (4-0) 

1IIII1MIgut: ~ (Tho) 
II1II f'tavIr: Scoa SWindtt 

(Capt. FogcuIIItS) 
ProbaIIIe Top Seed: 4 Die Bot The s-d (3-11 

5 Pi Senior (3-1) Capt. FogcuIIItS 

baM Ch,wnoionsllil 
gin Sunday, 
slons, except 
We will make 
as many teams as we can 10 the 
play-offs. Those learns linlshing 
in the lop 3 in each league wiD be 
guaranteed spots. Those leams 
finishing lourth shoufd check the 
1M Play-off Board at canyonvtew 
on Thursday altemoon, May 13th 
10 confinn their possiJle selection 
10 the 1M Softball Play-offs. All 
learns should check the 1M Play-
011 Board at Canyonview to con-
f,"" their game times and field 
assignments lor Ihe play-offs. 

1 Spi1 'N Chew (5-01 11.0 Besl League: Ohio (Tuel 
Best Player: Valerie Kelly 

tMost Monl<8y) 
Probable Top Seed: 

2 The Porn House (H I 9.0 
3 Beware The Shrikes (4-ll) 18.5 
4 We Crap BricI<s (2.01 17.5 
5 Most Monkay (4-11 19.2 Beware The Shn1<8S 

Divtaton s-nory COED A RPG 
1 We',. No Angels (4.01 18.5 Best League: Yrginia (Sunll 

Besl PIaye<:OeIlbie HcI<s 
(Mingrarn'S CMs) 

Probable Top Seed: 

2 Mingra",.s Calves (4.01 13.3 
3 H;rd Bat! SoIbaIs (S-ll) 15.2 
4 While Sox (4-01 14.3 
SUp Yours JoI>u (4.01 11.8 We',. No Angels 

AliooCampus Golf Championship 
Hole-in-one highlights 3-OOy tournament 

Opening round " 
Torrey Pines: An 
anxious field 01 48 
tumed out and saw 
Monique Mikrut get 
theloumamentun-
der way with a 200-

yard blasl righl down the middle. There were 
plenty o( major league divots Ihrown around 
Ihecourseallday, but when the shanks stopped 
slicing and the final putt was missed. two 
unlamiliar names slood atop Ihe leaderboard. 
Matt Nisongerwas a last minule addition 10 the 
sludent field, but guaranleed a win I( he could 
get a starting spot. He looked good-as-gold 
with an opening 72. Dru Greenhalgh missed 
an 18-inch eagle putt on 1810 finish in second 
al 81. The Legends division (staff, laculty, 
grad students, celebrities, etc.) was led by Dan 
Mulvilte who fired up a career record 79. 

slepped up 10 1/ 5 and cracked a 7-iron thai 
had his enlire lour-some screaming lor cock-
lails. One hop and a two-Iool rolt and in ~ lell. 
The first ace in tournament history. Ouite a 
weekend (or a (ormer hack who's average 
score in this event over the past 4 years was 
102. 

Delending Legendschampion Ian Langdon 
tossed up Ihe low round of lhe day, a 75, to 
take over the lead with a 36 hole total o( 155. 
Past champion Mario Marin positioned him-
self for a shot at the title with a 2nd round 76. 
The studenl leader continued 10 be Matt 
Nisonger who shol 80 on a course he had 
never played before. Scott Deal grabbed 
second wilh an84 and a 36 hole tolal of 168. 
Final round· Rancho San Diego: The day 
gol off to a rough start the night belore. You 
see, Doug Dannevik was providing directions 
to the course. II turns out Doug leaves a trail 
of bread crumbs on his way to work every 
morning or he'd never find his way home. He 
had half Ihe field headed to Mexico and the 
other half to Riverside. Most (ound their way 
back to the course and made ~ to the first tee 
on time. The biggest casualty was sludent 
leader Man Nisonger. He has yel to appear. 
Rumor has it he was seen getting directions at 
a gas stalion in El Paso. 

The UCSD Guardian 

INDOOR SOCCER 
Saturday/SUnday 

The IMIIII Sungod Indoor Soccer tournament 
Is coming soon. For eJp8rienced players and 
newcomers to Ihe sporl,lhIa Is an evenl not 10 be 
missed. The tourn.nenI wII be a part 01 Ihe 
Sungod Intranual Sports Festival and will be 
held in Ihe recently rennovaIed Recreation Gym-
nasium (now known .Ihe "Reck8rdome"). 

Indoor Soccer is a lasl and furious pacedgame. 
Lev. and civisions 01 play Include: Men's Open! 
B, Coed Open, and Women's. 

You wiN need six players lor I team, however. 
~ is recommended by Andrew Greenhalgh, lour-
namenl director extraordinaire, thai you have 
substitules. Ukewesaid, ~'s a last-movinggarne, 
and only tha strong survive! Go out, grab tive 01 
your budcies, donn males, apartmenl neighbors, 
elc., and P'epar8 yourselllor an action-packed 
weekend 01 soccer fun. 

Indoor soccer is being sponsored by Soccer 
Man. a soccer specialty store loca1ed on Sports 
Arena Blvd. Because 01 their generosity. in con-
junction with the Patrick Co .. prizes wiU be awllIded 
10 the winning team in eacil division. TheywiUalso 
be p'esenting ~ts with ciscounl coupons 
lor future merchandise purchases. 

The entry lee is $25.00 per leam. which in-
dudes raffle lidlets lor the chance 10 win some 
greal prizes. Tournamenl T-Shirts are available 
lor p'e-purchase during registration, and will also 
be sold al the tournament The registration period 
runs Irom May 3rq-May 13th. Space is limited, so 
sigrHJP at Canyonview as soon as Possible. 

TEAM TENNIS 
Saturday/Sunday 

For aU thoselennis hackers who are looking lor 
something to do !his spring. the UCSO Intramural 
gurus have come up with yet another instance 
where higher education has p'oved ~'s worIh; a 
lennis loumament Bul nol just any loumarnen~ a 
double-participation Coed Team Tennis lourna-
ment This is the firsl 01 ii's kind on the UCSO 
campus, sile 01 genius al work. 

For those who aren'l lamifiarwith Team Tennis, 
each leam will playa men's and women's singles 
evenl, men' s and women's doubles event, and 
the finale, lhe all-Important mixer (mixed doubles.) 
Each team member can play up 10 two events 
within the malch. OK. now Ihal we're all excited 
and ready 10 prove who's King and Queen 01 the 
courts. here's the sluff you'lI need 10 know belore 
you can play. 

This lournamenl is part 01 the Sungod Intramu-
ral Sports Festival and open to UCSO sludents, 
stall. and laculty. Each leam will consisl 01 4 
players. 2 men/2 women. subs 8(e allowed. The 
COSI 01 participation is the small lee 01 $15.00 per 
team, which indudes a raffle ticket per player lor 
a chance to win some outstanding prizes al the 
Festival. There are 2 divisions, open and intanne-
diale. Great prizes win be available lor the winners 
in each division. The evenlwill be held on the 15th 
01 May (Saturday). with those teams making the 

INTRAM RAL 
IPORTI FEITIVAL 

SATURDAY, MAY 15th 
SUNDAY, MAY 16th 

cut continuing play on Sunday, the 16th. T ouma-
menl T-Shirts are available lor pre-purchase dur-
ing registration, and will also be sold allhe lcuma-
menllor only $10. 

Sign-upare aICanyonview, May 3rd-May 13th. 
and space is limited so hustle up. 

OUTDOOR BAllCmALL 
Saturday 

What's the biggesl play in aU 01 hoops? That's 
righi, the monsler Jam! Nothing brings the crowd 
oul 01 their seats like a doLJbte.pump'n In-your-
lace dunk. 

Whars the biggest play we never see at UCSO? 
Thai's righ~ the monsltr jam. Sure, we gel an 
occasional dunk in an 1M or Intercoliegiale game. 
And. we even gel a serious crowd pfeaser once-in-
a-while. Bul iI's rare when a game is filled with 
slam a~er slam. Well, iI's lhallime 01 year when we 
change ali lhat Irs time lor everyone 10 gel ready 
10 be MIchael Jordan. 

For this lournamenl we go outdoors under the 
sun and onlo the blacktop. Back 10 the way baskel-
ball should be played. So how does Ihis tum Inlo 
a dunk-a-thon? Well, the Sungod works in myste-
rious ways. and sdenlisls aren't really sure how 
ii's done. Is lhe court raised? The hoops lowered? 
Gravity altered? Special shoes? No-one is reaUy 
sure, bul you can bel everyone will be above the 
rim in this event II will be the mOSI exciting hoops 
on this campus since the Dream Team Ie~ lasl 
summer. 

II lakes a leam 01 fIVe 10 play in this fun-court 
style loumament. The live lhat start on Saturday 
musl play all day. No subs in this marathon. It's 
only $4 per player 10 sign up. There will be a slam 
dunkconleslal12:30 10 find ouljust who can really 
bring down the house. We have divisions lor 
everyone, so don 'I worry aboul getting a sneaker 
in your lace, you can give II rlghl back nexl time 

Thursday, May 6,1993 

down. II you've ever wanted 10 play above-h-aJ 
like Ihe big boys.1hIa Is your chance. like every-
IhIng ..... there Is limited space. so dribble down 
to CanyonvIew to get signed up. NOW! 

COED TUIE POLO 
Saturday/SUnday 

TID Is Ihe greatlSl sport aIIoaI! No. no. you 
don't nHd to be a world class swinvner to gel 
involved in !his one. We give you a 1Ltle to fIoal in. 
n doesn't take a lot 01 skill to float in a 1Ltle does k? 
Wei then everyone is ready to be a tube-polo stud. 

In !he Iall we gel over 100 learns to come oul and 
enjoy a season 01 fun In Ihe Natatorium. We have 
been hearing lor quile a while what a great time 
everyone is having, so leis do it again. Only this 
lime, tournamenl style. That means plenty 01 
games, plenty 01 action over just two days. not six 
weeks. By Sunday night there wiU be some tired 
rucks floating around. 

As usual we p'ovide all the equiPf08nt. We have 
Ihe high-tech. turbo-charged lubes, the greallook-
ing hats. balls and everything else 10 guaranlee a 
great time. BesI-oI-all, we have the best tube-polo 
palace on the west coasL the Nalatorlum. The 
waler is warm, there isn't any wind and the sun 
shines right in. 

It will be two days 01 world class action lhat you 
won't wanl to miss. H you played back in the Iali. 
talk with the squad andgeih togelher. 1I you havn't 
played belore, no worriesl l,.s easy to calch on. 
Teams consisl 017 players (and we recommend 
you c.Yry a lew subs). lour guys. and three gals. II 
you have any questions. need to sign up or need 
more inlo, come on down 10 Canyonview. Oon't 
gellelt oul 01 this aquatic event 01 the year!!! 

DOUBLES GRAil 
VOLLEYBALL 

Saturday 
Another beautiful sunny day in La Jolla. Whal 

should we be doing? We all know that !he library 
is where you should be. But hey. we 'goua have 
some fun too. Why not try a Unle sun. a lillie work 
and plenty ollun. 

Volleyball! Qui on Ihe grass at Muir Field. No 
better way 10 kill a Salurday. Get oul wilh friends 
and have a greal time playing one 01 UCSO's most 
popular sports. The great part is that it only lakes 
two to lango. It's coed doubles. And, we have 
divisions lhat will guarantee a great lime lor all. 
Everyone Irom Ihe novice to the hard-pounding 
experts will lind P,lenty 01 action. 

Asaspecial bonus. the UCSO Women's Volley-
baH team wiU be out 10 help with organization and 
inslructlon. So don't worry H you don't have much 
experience. We'lI get you started. And. gals. we 
will be playing the popular reverse coed lormal so 
you won'l have 10 hil on Ihe 8-1001 net. 

This one is already lilling up last, so if you want 
10 get involved, swing down 10 Canyonview. II you 
have any questions, you can lalk 10 lhe Iolks al the 
1M OffICe, or Head Coach Doug Ofnnevik. 

Over-the-Line 
pounded Ihe Pirales in a high-scoring 

I r.IlJInr.nl nrn .. the Pirates prevailed. To gel to 
defeated a number of ~aUty leams 

Diego, and UCSD in both pool play 

Championship was carried off by 
from Dena Sigma Phi fratemity. Karl 

Kyle held on late Saturday to 
(Marc GoUlieb, Bill Browning, 
duJlmolon!~hiD game was 7-5. 
11:1:="~~~ victory lrio. They had finished second 

BJ's Pizza sponsored the CloseSI-to-the-pin 
and long drive contests. Hole II 6 was playing 
about 157 yards, but into a sliff wind. Isaac 
Kim has the perfect swing, or rather 'stable' 
physique, for that shot and took advantage. 
His 5-iron lound the green and only 7 (eet from 
the stick. The big hitters lei it alt out on the 15th 
hole in search olthe long drive title. With plenty 
of big-hitters chasing this one, and with a nice 
lail wind, surely the 300 yard barrier was in 
trouble. Welt, it was lhe light Swinging Doug 
Dannevik who must have lound a big gust 01 
wind to push one out about 255 yards (despite 
testimony to the contrary, hecontends~ wasn1 
a career effort) 
Round two" Coronado GC: Whal can you do 
after playing the best gon o( your i fe to lead the 
lournament after the first round? How aboul a 
hole-in-one. After a shaky start, Mulville 

Doug's sense of direction gave Scott Deal 
and Dru Greenhalgh a chanoce logel back into 
Ihe loumament. They banled righlto Ihe 171h 
hole where Scott sank an 8-foot pun Ihat 
made two lrips around the rim before (alting. 
Then he birded the 207-yard par-3 18th 10 
take Ihe title with a score of 246. Legends 
leader Ian Langdon held off a hard charging 
Mario Marin to repeat with a 54 hole total of 
239. 

1II bestlhe previous year, and were not happy campers. This lrip was 
. and 

They won 
,the Sunset 

Lamson Lam) in a low-scoring, 

much nicer to them. 
Anhough, Sigma Nu, cidn't not win the individual team champion-

ship, their combined finishes from both OTL squads lha1they entered 
earned them the overall team championship and 50 coveted banner 
points to boot. 

VALID ONLY AT COSTA VERDE III MIRAMAR LOCATIONS. 
PLEASE PRESENT UCSO 10. Exp . 5/20/93 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

BUY ANY 
FOOTLONG SUB 
AT THE REGULAR fREE 
22-oz. DRINK 

• CHIPS 
WIT~ STUDENT I~NV 

NOT VALID WIT~ 
OT~ER PROMO. 

BJ's 
-'$ ~ , \ 

I 

Pizze rill 

FF ANY 
LARGE PIllA 
Please presenl cOllpon wben ortk'ring. 
Valid for dell/''l'1')', C(I,,}'OIII or dine In . 
lixprrcs 5/2019) 

FREE CAMPUS DEUVERY TO YOUR DOOR 
Sun 11 :30 am-II pm, M-Th II om-ll pm 

Fri. & Sol .. II om-12 mid 

8873 Villa La jolla Dr, La jolla Vii/age Center 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU tbe best! 


