
I Elsewhere 

SAN DIEGO - A 35-year-old 
San Diego State University 
student was arrested last week 
in connection with a series of 
14 racist graffiti incidents in 
campus restrooms since 
September, according to 
university police. Lt. Steve 
Williams of SDSU's Depart-
ment of Public Safety said 
finance senior David Griffin 
was charged with vandalism, 
defacing property and a hate 
crime. Because the property. -
damage exceeded $500, the 
alleged hate crime is considered 
a felony charge, Williams said. 
Griffin was booked into San 
Diego County Jail and bail was 
set at $5,000. 

Athletes Arrested 
On 1heft a..ges 
LOS ANGELES - Two 
UCLA football players, senior 
Bruce Walker and sophomore 
Jamir Miller, were arrested two 
weeks ago after campus police 
allegedly found $13 thousand 
worth of stolen computers, 
stereo and television equipment 
in their apartment. The UCLA 
athletic department has been 
forced to suspend both players 
from the team for the second 
time. The athletes were 
previously arrested for two 
unrelated incidents of weapons 
possession. AlTciignments are 
set for May 14 at West Los 
Angeles Municipal Court. 

Police Find Car 
In Assault Case 
SAN DIEGO - The car of a 
21-year-old San Diego State 
University student who was 
abducted at gunpoint from a 
university parking structure, 
sexually assaulted and left in an 
alley, was recovered last week 
about 2.5 miles from the scene 
of the assault and is being 
examined for evidence, 
according to campus police. The 
student was "very traumatized, 
but improving," according to 
Detective Lynn Rydalch of the 
San Diego Police Department. 

Inside 

MEET US 
SPECTACLE: Campus 
tours playa large role in 
choosing a college. 11 

SPORTS: UCSD track 
and field hosted the CCAA 
championships. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
LIGHT AND fREN .... ........ . 2 
OPINION .. .. ................ .......... 4 

PECTACLE ........................ I 
CLAS IFIED .... ...... ............ 12 
SPORT ...... .... ...... .............. 1Ii 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 3,1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 1J 

SPECIAL REPORT Sun God Fest 
-

UC NUCLEAR LABORATORIES, PART 2 OF 2 Security to 
Be Increased 
FESnYAL: The A.S. will fence 
in the Price Center to reduce 
alcohol-related problems 
By Chris .Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

Pressure from the campus police has 
prompted the Associated Students to plan tighter 
security at the May 21 post-Sun God Festival 
concert at the Price Center. 

In order to limit problems with what Sun 
God Festival Chair Cecelia Lucero and A.S. 
Commissioner of Programming Robb Earnest 
called "intoxicated participants disrupting the 
festivities" in an open letter submitted to the 
Guardian, the A.S. will fence off the front and 
rear entrances to the Price Center and allow each 
UCSD student to bring only one guest, who 
must be over the age of 18. 

American missile silos sit empty and bombers are unattended; 
now the University of Califorrif,a is tryjpg to move the two 

nuclear laboratories it manages into a post-Cold War world 

"It's not something that [Lucero and I] wanted 
to do," Earnest said of the security measures. 
"We didn't ever want to have that fence up." 

In the letter, Lucero and Earnest said that a 
"large number of parties being held before and 
during the concert" caused seCuiity problems at 
previous Sun God Festivals. 

By Francisco DeVries, News Editor "Last year, there were a lot of people arrested 
for being drunk in public, a lot more minors 
intoxicated," Lucero said. 

"[1he .... .., Is) 
........ cIoIIk~ 

............ 

ra •• ctL 
- Marylea Kelly 

Tn Valley CAR& 

-52 bombers, each laden with an arsenal of 
nuclear bombs and missiles, sat poised just off 
the runways of Air Force bases all across the 
northern United States. The pilots and crews of 
each massive bomber waited near their planes, 
sipping coffee, playing cards or writing letters 
to friends and family back home. 

Their mission was clear. When the call 
carne, the bomber was to be airborne within a 
scant few minutes, on its way to targets deep 
within the Soviet Union. Those targets were to 
be turned into piles of radioactive dust, and then 
the bombers were to head home, if such a horne 
still existed. 

For 30 years the planes, and their pilots, stood ready. 
Three yearsago something amazing happened. The bomber 

crews, on orders from the President of the United Stales, "stood 
down." Today, the planes are in hangers and the pilots are at 
horne eating dinner with their families. The world is a safer 
place. 

But this changed world order has left aImost as many 
complications as it has solved. :Thousands of defense wodcers 
are pounding the pavement, trained to do jobs that are no longer 

See PLOWSHARES, Page 7 

According to the letter, anyone who is "vis-
ibly intoxicated" will not be allowed into the 
concert. In addition, no alcohol, cans, bottles, 
sports bottles, cameras or recording dev ices will 
be allowed inside the Price Center. Identifica-
tion will be checked at the front and rear en-
trances and the Bulls' Eye tavern at Round 
Table will stop serving alcohol at 7 p.m. 

The A.S. has yet to announce who will be 
performing at the festival, but Earnest said he is 
certain the band will draw a large crowd. The 
restrictions on guests are designed to keep the 
crowd close to the 3,500 person capacity of the 
Price Center, according to Earnest. 

The fence will extend to the Student Health 
Center, in order to allow as many students as 
possible to attend the concert. 

Earnest said the A.S. measures were a "com-
promise" with the police department, who'pre-
viously wanted the event held either during the 
day or moved to a Saturday. 

"The police department here tends to be a 
little over [cautious]," he said. 

See SUN GOD, Page 3 

Judicial Board to Decide Siwabessy's Fate 
HEARING: No decision has yet been reached in the 
fIrst of two grievances filed against A.S. President-elect 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Judicial Board met Fri-
day behind closed doors to hear the 
first of two complaints contesting 
the eligibility of newly-elected As-
sociated Students President 
Randolph Siwabessy. 

The board began deliberations 
after hearing arguments in Gesson 
v. Siwabessy, in which Elections 
Manager Beth Gesson contends that 

Siwabessy is ineligible for office 
because he is allegedly not in good 
standing with the university as re-
quired by the A.S. constitution. 

No decision has yet been reached 
and the board plans to continue de-
liberations this afternoon, accord-
ing to Judicial Board Chair Sally 
Sherry. The board has six academic 
days to reach a decision. 

The hearing was closed to the 
public at the request of Siwabessy' s 

official representative, Vice Presi, 
dent Administrative Carla Tesak, 
due to the personal nature of the 
testimony. 

A second grievance, tiled by 
Revelle College senior D.A. 
Bartolotta, will be heard by the judi-
cial board today at 5 p.m. Bartolotta, 
who placed third in the recent presi-
dential election, is seeking to bar 
Siwabessy from office because he is 
not a registered student this quarter. 

Bartolotta said Friday that he 
would argue for an open hearing on 

See HEARING, Page 3 

Jason Rltchle/~ 
Judie .. ao.d CIuIIr Sally Sherry . 



2 NEWS 

ACADEMIC SENATE NOTES 
New UCSD ......... WeIcamId - Recently-appointed UCSD Head Lilrarian 
Gerald R. Lowell was glwn a special welcome by members of the Representa-
tive Assembly and Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

UnIbm StatewIde T....., a..w - The Assembly discussed a resolution 
passed unanimously by the UC Academic Council at its meeting in Berkeley on 
April 13. The reSOlution, proposed by the Committee of Conference on the 1992 
Budget Act, suggested that the legislature of the UC faculty alter the distribution 
of their workload by increasing the number of courses and sections, and by 
increasing the number of freshman and sophomore seminars. It also included 
a proposal to increase the number of opportunities for undergraduates to do 
research and reduce the size of classes wherever desirable. 

AIIIrmatIve ActIon Task Fon:e - A 23-page document of recommendations to 
the chancellor outlining the likely problems of discrimination was passed out 
to members who were discussing affirmative action hiri~ criteria and pro~ 
tion procedures, Senate Chair George Backus asked that all members take the 
time to look at the document and note any changes or problems that may need 
to be brought up formally at a later date. 

Proposed GredIIW ChInCe - Chair of the Committee on Educational Policy 
Samuel Kemell reported that the committee recently considered a recommen-
dation from the Council of Provosts that the regulation on Pass/Not Pass 
grading option be changed to discourage students from taking an excessive 
number of courses, regardless of whether they intend to count them toward 
graduation requirements. According to the proposed amendment, no more 
than orMHourth of an undergraduate student's total UCSD course units may be 
taken on a P /NP basis. The department may require that courses applied 
toward the m~or be taken on a letter grade basis. The proposed amendment 
was voted on, and it passed unanimously. 

Joint Task Fon:e on Budpt PIIorItIes - VICe Chair Stephen Cox discussed 
responses to criticisms from the council meeting on Monday. He discussed 
three recommendations for the UCSD budget: 
1) A transfer of the functions of the Physical Education Department to the 
athletic departments of the Student Affairs office. 
2) A sharp reduction in faculty hire, The university is required to fill 22 positions 
but would have to invest new money in the new positions. There was a 
recommendation that half of the 22 positions be frozen until next year. 
3) Recommendation for the discontinuation of the School of Architecture. 
Council supported the recommendation, but Cox said, "it was something that 
caused great strain and distress for everyone. " No commitment has been made 
yet for a permanent decision. 

- CompIled by Karen Cheng, Associate News Editor 

FrIdIIy, AprIl 23: 
1:25 p.m.: A student reported an indecent exposure near the Charger Playing 
Reid. 
1undIIy, AprIl 25: 
12:20 8.m.: An 18-year-old male student was arrested for a hit-and-run and 
driving under the infltlence of alcohol in Lot 502. Transported to Central 
Detention Facility. 
9:25 8,m.: An officer reported child abuse at Mesa Apartments. 
12:15 p,m.: A student suffered a headache after hitting her head on a diving 
board at the Canyonview pool. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by 
paramedics. 
MonUy, AprIl2&: 
7:40 p,m,: A student reported the theft of a computer from Argo Hall. Loss: 
$3,000. 
7:45 p,m.: A student reported the theft of a 1988 Volkswagon Jetta from Lot 
356. Loss: $4,000. 
TueIdIy, Ap1127: 
10:30 p.m,: An officer reported students smoking marijuana at Third Residence 
Halls. 
'IIIuncIIIy, ApIII 2t: 
10:10 8.m.: A student reported the theft of gym clothes from the Main Gym 
men's locker room. Loss: $120. 
1:42 p.m.: A 44-year-old male nOll-affiliate was arrested for willfully delaying a 
peace officer, failing to obey a peace offICer's lawful order, operating a bicycle 
while wearing headphones and riding in a prohibited area. Cited and released. 

- CompIled by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3,1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
W\tlI ""~ GRe:~T sux;,~\{ 
~ '/O\)R c:)R~\ ~R'T'fIORK, 
nus TRP-f>lC. 5P-F8'I 
Po5iER IS ~ S~'IN 

FoR F~T PRI'Z.~.' 

HE'!, ~rS 
iUlltIF\C.' "~'" I*. 'flIt( fl~ 
PIU'Z.£ . lU. GIllE 
i:7J 2S % Of l\4E 

~.Ul\tlGs . 

1 SEE. iOO 
Wto.STED 'iOllR 

n~ ~~IMG 
P- st-~E.T'( 
Po5~ RlR 1\It 
stlml 

BRIEFLY ••• 

A SOliD 
Rl\JtII)A TioN 

Of ANUOII.lCAl 

'fI~P-T '5\II)J\j) 
~ SI'Et4D 
mE PRI'Z£ 
l'()KE'i ~? ST\JO'i I~ 
E~'SB~nAL 
RlR TlIE 
ARtiST. 

SVRE. 'DJ DID. 
TIlE. ~IN~ltlG 
Etmt1 IS 1t\~T 
\\EQE. * 
Pl\1'l£ IS ~s 
(nYi) ~">M~ . 

"& o.~F\)l 
~ lIE. ~t.O~Ill.!· 
l\IAT'S RDlL~ 

O''SG~TlNG. 
I 

~~ 

I'll OQA~ 'JlIII~ 
5~Q5 TO S\\CIII 

~I~ ~ I'IJIoWI 
S\Jff~ lloiG . 

~ ~().J'~E 
GOT TP-lEIIT 
UK£ 0IJ\5, 
lIlE ~\.l) 

\<;, 'iOJR 
Oi'S~R . 

A GOO\) C<lII\I'ItOMI5E 
lEA~S f.1lEi1800'i ~\) . 

\ 

't\IIA T IS ntA T C\lUN~~ 
~ll. OIeJI. 1l\£. S!'K,I\£TII 

DRIo.'.u~G ? S~UCE .' 

Fraternity to Present AIDS Forum 
The Phi Alpha Delta Law Fratemity will sponsor a 

forum entitled" AIDS and the Law" on Tuesday, May 4 at 
7 p.m. in Peterson Hall 110. There will be a panel of 
speakers addressing such topics as needle usage in 
drug exchange, blood transfusions and legal rights for 
AIDS patients. The forum is free and open to the public. 

Administrators to Address c...puS 
The location for the first annual campus address has 

been changed to the Price Center Ballroom A. It will be 
held today from 12 p.m. to 1 p.m. There will be P.A. 
speakers in the plaza so that those who wish to remain 
outside can still hear the event. Speakers will include 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson, Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Marjorie Caserio, Associated Students 
President Mike Holmes and acting A.S. Presldent-elect 
Carla Tesak. 

UCSD R .... cher Honored by 
Stanford's Hoover Instltut. 

Stanford University's Hoover Institution awarded a 
National Fellowship to Kevin J, Middlebrook of UCSD's 

............ ' ........ 

Center for U.S.·Mexican Studies. 
Middlebrook received the grant as a result of his 

research on "Political Cleavages, Conservative Parties, 
and Democratization in Latin America." 

The fellowships, according to Hoover Institution As-
sociate Director Thomas H. Henriksen, "provide junior 
scholars time free from teaching to advance their 
professional careers by completing an original and 
signifICant research project.· 
Professor Given $110,000 Grant 

The Stanford Humanities Center announced that 
UCSD Associate Professor of Music Jann Pasler is the 
recipient of a senior fellowship for the 1993-94 aca-
demic year. 

The appointment will allow Pasler to complete work 
on a book bearing the working title "The Mechanism of 
Musical Ufe and the Compositional Choice in Paris, 
1890-1914." 

Pasler, an expert on tum-of-the-century Parisian cuI-
turallife, also received a share of a $150,000 research 
grant from the UC Irvine Humanities Institute to form a 
research residency group entitled ORe-theorizing Mu-
sic: 

The Guardian 
weather report 

Mon: 68'/60' Tues: 68'/60' Wed: 68'/60' yesterday: 68'/62' 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 

PHIUP MICHAB.S, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Features Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

DESIGN CONSULT ANT: James Collier 
IlWITRATORS: MlcIla Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan Erlln . Speed Farris. jennifer 
Hart. Dominic Lobbla. Alan lundCren. Adriano Munoz. Katie Roe. AI Spong 
DEltlillERS: Joel Arnold. Wilson Che,,",. Marcus LobDla. CMS\Dpher Lock 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: David Cno, Sidart Deb, Paul Mackey, Jennifer Matthews. 
Lon Mitchell. Chuc~ Nguyen. jennifer Vann 
COPYREADERS: MlcheiIeChia",. Aron Miller. Jessie Springer. Mai-lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT: Brian K. Hutto 
ADVIIITIIIIHI AIIISTANT: Tara Eoff 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAB. FOULKS, Advert/sI", ManB(6f 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert/sing Designer 

Eo LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
REN~ BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

IINIOfI STAfF WRrTIItS: Jenny Galang, Dan Kraus., ManheW Robinson. Bratt 
Rhyne , Michael Schwartz. Sheryl WolcOtt Editorial: 5346580. BuSiness otftce: 534-3466, Fax: 534-7691 

UCSD GuardlBn, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

STAFF WRlYIRI: Elaine Camuso, Krista Carpenter. Terri Duggan, Albert Garibaldi . 
Kirsten Halverson. Billy Hwan,. Melissa Jacobs. Gaye Johnson. Roderick Lee. Ben 
lavine. wertCty McNeill. Theresa Moore. Julie Pal<. Paul PIII1Dps. Jeff Prauent. Ely 
Rebanl. Blair Ridley, Kara Saul, Ritu Saxena. Bree Segel. "1eX8 J. Sherman, Katen 
Spiegel, Gregory Stephens 

Aclulilocltlon: SeconcI Floor, UCSO Stuaent cent .. Bui'CIinC 'A' 

Monday, May 3,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Jason Ritchle/GuNdi8ll 
Volkswagen Introduces Its new models In a Coronado BrIdge c .. van. San D",o will be the main port. 

UCSD Selects Director of Development 
By Karen SpIegel 
Staff Writer 

Richard Podgorski has been ap-
pointed UCSD'l\assistant vice chan-
cellor and director of development, 
a new position designed to direct 
UCSD toward greater budgetary 
efficiency. 

In an era of declining state fund-
ing for the University of California. 
Podgorski will be responsible for 
raising money for a campus that 
relies increasingly on private dona-
tions to offset the loss of public 
support. 

"As the state reduces its support, 
private support becomes even more 
important," Podgorski said. 

He added that as state funds con-
tinue to be cut, UCSD is forced to 

SUN GOD: 
Police force A.S. to 
increase security 
Continued from page 1 

Lucero said that although the 
fence wi 11 prevent many of the prob-
lems, the police department still does 
not approve of the event. 

"The police department is against 

HEARING: 
Bartolotta's complaint 
will be heard today 
ContInued from page 1 
his complaint. 

Before Friday's hearing, 

raise money itself. 
Podgorski is responsible for plan-

ning, coordinating and implement-
ing fund-raising programs, includ-
ing the annual fund, major gifts, 
deferred giving and college and 
hospital fund-raising activities. 

"The university already has quite 
a strong fund-seeking program," he 
said, adding that he hopes to im-
prove the program to generate even 
more revenue. 

According to Associate Vice 
Chancellor for University Relations 
Bruce Darling, private support con-
stitutes $52 million (5.4 percent) of 
UCSD's $963 million budget. 
Twenty-three percent of the budget 
comes from state funding, which 
has declined 20 percent in the last 

any night concert," she said. 
Lucero added that the cost of the 

fence and the need for additional 
security forced the A.S. Council to 
allocate more money to the Sun 
God Festival's budget. 

In spite of the problems, Lucero 
hopes the added security will ap-
pease all involved parties. 

"We're not trying to make stu-
dents seem like the bad people, and 

Siwabessy and Tesak asked that the 
case be dismissed, arguing that the 
judicial board does not have origi-
nal jurisdiction to hear the case, 

Siwabessy and Tesak said that 
the case falls under the jurisdiction 
of the Election Administration Com-
mittee (EAC) and that the judicial 

two years. 
Darling said he does not believe 

private support can entirely make 
up for the decrease in public fund-
ing, 

"In reality, private support can-
not offset [state budget cut] dollar 
for dollar, but it can help," he said. 

Darling said that private dona-
tions are used to fund financial aid, 
fellowships and scholarships which 
directly benefit students. 

Private funds are also used to 
keep faculty from leaving UCSD. 

"Other universities are attempt-
ing to recruit our faculty. These 
funds help keep them here. The 
quality of the university is the qual-
ity of its faculty [so] private support 
is more crucial," Darling said. 

we're not [out to] make the police 
officers seem like the bad people, 
either. We're just trying to find a 
happy medium," she said. 

Earnest offered some advice to 
students who attend parties before 
coming to the concert. 

"Don't get so shitfaced that 
you're going to be falling allover 
people when you're in the pit or 
damaging things," he said. 

board should hear it only on appeal. 
However, the board continued 

the hearing, ruling that since the 
election period has expired, theEAC 
no longer exists, 

The parties involved in Gesson 
v. Siwabessy declined to comment 
until after a ruling is issued, 

loin Peace Corps . .. 

GLOBALIZE 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S # 1 COURSE FOR THE 

1FC1)@ lli]@&1I [Ki@wD@w @@@][[~@ 
6y Co[um6ia ~view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
,INTENSIVE MCAT prep and med school applicalion assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
, An indcpendcm program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D. 's, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCA T EXPERTS 

, Reading and wriling workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

, 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/wriling workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

, 1600 PAGES of original lake-home review notes and fonnula sheets, 
reading and wriling study guides, MeAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrillen by MeAT experts 

, REAL MCAT materials distribuled to all enrolled students 
, DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
,TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges 
, LOWER TUITION than other courses 

APPLY NOW! 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 

The Most Instructionally intensive Commercial Prep Course in the Country 

~ 
QI 
e 
-
-e 

c:: 
I.I.l 
o 

~ 
is 
:; 

fJ) 
c:: 
.. 

YOUR 

PROFESSIONAL 

RES'UME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Campus May 5 & 6 

Meet with Returned Volunteers 
Wed., May 5,2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Ccnter, Conference Room 

Information Booth: Wcdnesday & Thursday, 9 am - 1:30 pm 
Price Center 

Special Sem inars 

Opportunities ror Liberal Ar'ts Majors 
Thurs., May 6, 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Center, Conferencc Room 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

Interyiews 

Wed. and Thurs. 
May 19 & 20 

Career Services Center 

For more information, conlaCt your Career Scrvices Center, or call the Los Angeles Recruiting Office at (800)832-0681, ext 110. 



" OPINION 

By Ben Boychuk 
&nior Staff Writer 

Randolph Siwabessy should resign as A.S. President. That is to say, Siwabessy should step down now so as to spare himself the considerable 
indignity and embarrassment of being 
impeached. 

Siwabessy is in the midst of waging 
a war of principle. He is in the most 
difficult position of trying to convince 
a rather dimwitted judicial board that 
he has a right to hold an office he may 
not have been eligible to seek in the 
ftrSt place. He must convince this 
board that he was a student when he 
ran for office - he has the sticker to 
prove it - but that he cannot be a 
student now because of financial 
circumstances beyond his control. 

When the news first broke that 
Siwabessy would have to take a brief 
leave of absence because. he was 
unable to pay his fees this quaner, the 
initial response among many was 
surprise and sympathy. Almost 
immediately, Siwabessy became a 
prominent example of how the last 
three years of fee hikes and budget 
cuts have truly hurt students. 

As it turned out, that was not the 
end of the story. Then it was revealed 
that Siwabessy was not a student last 
quaner,although hecontinued to serve 
as A.S. vice president administrative 
and received an $80-a-week stipend 
paid for from student fees. 

What's more, Siwabessy's good 
standing in the university was called 
into question. To be in good standing, 
a student must maintain a 2.0 GPA or 
above. Siwabessy's GPA may be 1.9, 
although he contends it is really closer 
to 2.2 or 2.3. It seems poor Randolph 
received a couple of incompletes in 
the fall which rolled over to F's. He is 
currently contesting the grades. 

Nevertheless, countless questions 
have been raised: What did Randolph 
know and when did he know it? When 
did he learn that he would be unable to 
afford his fees this quaner? When did 
he cancel his check to the university? 
Who else knew about it? 

On April 21, a week before 
Siwabessy made his situation public, 
A.S. Elections Manager Beth Gesson 
filed agrievanceagainst him, charging 
him with fraudulent campaign filing. 
A week later, failed presidential 
contender D.A. Banolotta lodged a 
similar complaint against Siwabessy 
and his entire slate, Student Action 
Now! Banolotta apparently wants to 
invalidate the entire election and run 
the whole thing all over again - a 
preposterous idea by any stretch of 
the imagination, regardless of 
Siwabessy's gUilt or innocence. A 
new election would cost several 
thousand dollars, and judging from 
the paltry turnout in April, another 
election would be hardly wonhwhile. 

The A.S. Judicial Board heard the 
Gesson case on Friday. The A.S. 

The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
COMMENTARY 

• 
The scandalous Randolph Siwabessy sideshow has become a counrerproductive bore 

leadership charnber was crowded with 
interested observers, mostly curious 
A.S. veteransanractedbythespectac1e 
of scandal. Director of Student ' 
Government Services Randy 
Woodard was there, looking quite 
unhappy. Siwabessy had assured 
Woodard earlier this quaner that he 
was in good academic standing and 
that his registration problems would 
be resolved in short order. Foolishly, 
Woodard believed him. 

Also present was newly-elected 
Vice President Administrative Carla 

Tesak, as was the rest of the Siwabessy 
entourage. Tesak is supposed to do 
Siwabessy's job in the event of his 
absence. If things keep going the way 
they are, Tesak may find herself doing 
Siwabessy's job for the year. That is 
probably for the best. 

Tesak was there to represent 
Siwabessy. Before she was elected 
vice president administrative, she 
spent 8 year as student advocate, 
successfully representing students in 
all sorts of matters, from simple grade 
changes to misconduct charges within 

Re~ Bruckner I GuardIan 

the A.S. Council. 
Tesak knows the rules. Perhaps 

more importantly, she understands 
that the rules are meant to!>e bent. The 
A.S. Constitution is a complex and 
contradictory document, as are most 
university policies and procedures. 
Everything is open to interpretation 
and nothing is black and white. 

The people charged with enforcing 
the rules - the college deans, the 
A.S. Judicial Board, the director of 
student conduct - don't know what 
they are doing. Half the time, they 
• 

Monday, May 3, 1993 

• 
make the rules up as they go, shaping 
theirdecisions around whatlhey think 
the policies are, when, in truth, they 
cannot say for sure what exactly it is 
that they are enforcing. 

Grievance hearings themselves are 
ugly affairs. The hearing body is 
generally comprised of people who 
are usually unfamiliar with how the 
proceeding is supposed to be governed 
- giving whole new meaning to the 
term "due process of law." Order is 
usually lax, objections are raised for 
no reason and the most idiotic motions 
are granted for no other reason than 
because they sounded persuasive at 
the moment. 

All of this was made painfully clear 
on Friday from the very moment the 
A.S. Judicial Board opened the 
hearings. Before the hearing could 
even begin, Tesak objected to the 
entire proceeding and moved that all 
charges be dismissed. 

The judicial board has no 
jurisdiction in the matter, she argued, 
because it is primarily an appeal body. 
It cannot hear the case because there 
hasn't been a hearing to appeal. 
Furthermore, Tesak argued, the action 
was filed too late. Grievances are 
supposed to be filed within 10 
academic days of the actual infraction. 
Since Siwabessy was being accused 
of fraudulent filing for the election. 
then the charges should have been 
brought a month ago. 

We (in so have jurisdiction, retoned 
Judicial Board Chair Sally Sherry. 
No you don't, Tesak responded. Yes 
we do. No you don't. Okay, maybe we 
don't. 

The judicial board retired to 
Woodard's spacious office for several 
minutes to decide the m~tter. Yes we 
do,theydecided. No you don't, Tesalc 
objected. Yes we do, your objection is 
overrllied. We object again, Tesak 
countered. 

We do too have jurisdiction, the 
board replied. The /{rievance call be 
filed after the violation is discol'ered. 
Obviously, there was 110 way the 
violation could have been discovered 
in April, since it wasll't discol'ered 
IIntil now. Overruled. 

We object again, Tesak sa id. 011 
what basis? On the basis that you're 
wrong. 011./11 that case, we'lladjollrn 
agaill. 

So the A.S . Judicial Board 
adjourned a second time to decide 
whether or not it should overrule itself. 
When the panel returned, it decided, 
once and for all, that it did indeed 
have jurisdiction and would hear the 
case. Tesak objected again, but to no 
avail. AIl told, the entire exchange took. 
roughly three-quaners4-an-hour. 

Then the hearingwascloscdabru~y 
bccause,asTesakexplaincdtotheboard, 
8 great dea1 ofwhat she had to say about 
Siwabcssy was persona1 and not the sat 
of SlUff thai ougIt to be printed in !he 
newspaper. Theboardhappenedtosp 
with Tesak's motion, but for the wrong 

See A.B., Page 9 

Monday, May 3, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINIONS 

COMMENI'ARY: The A.S. seriously needs constitutional change, Greg Stephens still doesn't get it and the fallen will be missed 

CORRESPONDENCE FROM A MULTI-FRONT WAR 
By Ely Rabanl 
Staff Writer 

- Turnout for this spring's A.S. 
election was a pathetic five percent -
with 95 percent against. While the 
A.S. election bylaws are flawed to say 
the least, they hardly account for the 
general distaste (which is different 
from apathy) that the student body 
has for the present form of student 
government - illustrated by uncon-
tested positions and more strikingly, 
the large number of senator seats that 
no one wanted. Only the presidency is 
vigorously contended. 

Factors include: the acrimony of 
last year's election grievances, the 
failure of the 1992-93 council to place 
a real referendum question on the 
RIMAC facility and fee on the ballot 
after more than 2000 students indi-
cated they wanted such a vote and the 
demonstrated powerlessness of that 
council to visibly address issues that 
matter to most students. But more 
important than all of these is the es-
sentially insular and bureaucratic 
structure under the present A.S. Con-
stitution. 

The new council is once again a 
(largely) new set of faces all thinking 
that they're different from those in 
previous councils who thought the 
same thing. Perhaps, but the odds are 
low. P.R. won't change things (but 
might provide a laugh), nor will new 
bylaws (already proven repeatedly). 

If the new council doesn't take 
steps to change the structure by chang-
ing the constitution, they will only do 
continued disservice to those whose 
interests they claim to represent. A 
structure that involves more than 30 
students ill a remotely meaningful 
way is necessary iJthe student body is 
to present itself as something to be 

taken seriously. 
Alternatively, new council mem-

bers could cling to illusory power like 
good little Machiavellian automatons 
and obstruct anything that really ad-
dresses this pathetic malaise. 

-Gregory Stephens recently graced 
these pages by mov ing from the usual 
Bob Marleyology to analysis of the 
term "people of color (POC)." It may 
not roll off the tongue, but the term 
relates very directly to patterns in the 
history of colonialism. Stephens' cri-
tique starts with a "neutral" investiga-
tion of the positive and negative at-
tributes of "POC" as a form of 
Orwellian newspeak. Neutral??!? Can 
a question be loaded more than by 
direct comparison to /984? 

Without quoting ex-President 
Reagan' sassenion that racial discrimi-
nation no longer occurs in the U.S., 
Stephens pretends this day-to-day re-
ality either doesn't exist or doesn't 
matter. The category "peoples of 
color" reflects the fact that mainly 
non-white peoples directly suffer the 
burdens of Western European racial 
and cultural superiority theories as 
they have been put into practice, then 
and now, including through language. 

Such theories have been consis-
tently used, for instance in the U.S., to 
justify slavery, manifest destiny, co-
lonial wars and exploitation, and the 
extermination and relocation of in-
digenous peoples (including "Termi-
nation" under Eisenhower). Appar-
ently that's easily forgotten in favor 
of wann-fuzzy-touchy-feely exhor-
tations to "get on with building a 
multi-centric world." But forgetting 
isno way of understanding each other. 

The injustices of history - and 
the present - aren't limited to the 
world outside Western Europeornon-

After -...:ely naeIced A.S. 
1.1 ctIaM, new council 
......... ouatItnol 
oWnIct .... clace by 

cItt~ to a-y pow_ 
........... 
M HII,I' n ............ 
....... ,..., ........ 
addI III the n lebl ~ 
studenlp ... IBIt 
....... baIIc stnIcturaI 
ct."1 
white peoples. Oppression continues 
in Ireland, where it once was justified 
by similar racial and cullural superi-
ority theories. There's also class. And 
as Stephens points out, the etymol-
ogy of"slave"refers to Slavic peoples 
(who, last time I checked, were in 
Eastern Europe, Greg). 

But let's be very clear: do recent 
Irish or Slavic immigrants to the U.S. 
(not brought by force, and not here 
first) face even a fraction of the ob-
stacles that many U.S.-born non-
whites face in trying to either assimi-
late or preserve their cultural differ-
ence? Do these Europeans face so-
cial, cultural or Iingllistic assump-
tions denying them subjectivity, or 
concrete things like jobs or housing, 
because of appearance? 

While one might find a few in-
stances of the "selective approach to 
history and contemporary reality" to 
which Stephens alludes among 
multiculturalist analyses, one point 
of multiculturalism is that "history" 

as identi.fied in Western categories of 
knowledge privileges exclusively its 
own perspective above that of other 
cultures or peoples - "We" have 
" History" that records what counts, 
while the unwashed heathen have 
"tribal rnyths"that get in "Our" way. 
Which shan concern us more, indi-
vidual orsystematic and societal cases 
of selectivity? Peoples gain voices in 
these spheres of knowledge and lan-
guage construction by systematically 
demanding that no perspective be ar-
bitrarily privileged - by insisting 
they have voices otherwise denied. 

Like many liberals, Stephens 
seems to get twitchy when it comes to 
confronting a long history of injustice 
or the pri v ilege he and I have by virtue 
of its present legacy. He writes that 
"this POe business leans heavily on a 
dual theory in which victimization is 
used as a means of power, and access 
to victimization is based on skin 
color," after reminding us that the 
Irish people, among whom Stephens 
finds his roots, are both colorful (if 
fair) and have been enslaved. Hmm. 
Is it just me or is there more than an 
echo of "Wait, me too" in this? Any-
one thus victimized probably won't 
regard the experience as something to 
be cashed in to get at this imagined 
"means of power," or if they do, it 
probably indicates that more fruitful 
means of power are not accessible-
for the usual reasons. 

Far from ghettoizing non-whites, 
the categories "people of color" and 
"peoples of color" seem to pennit the 
strength of consciousness of similar if 
unique experience, and possibly the 
basis for common cause. They needn't 
marginalize nor ignore the many dif-
ferences-or won't unless intention-
ally narrowed by reductive defini-

tions such as Stephens' . There is com-
monality across difference, that may 
even include white Western males 
occasionally. The problem at hand 
requires that cultures previously at-
tacked simply because of their differ-
ence be reconstructed. no small task. 
Recovering identity is central andthus 
reconstructing language is essential. 

It's not forme to impose terms, but 
I will offer those suggestions. Whether 
or not whites care to notice, (white) 
racism and ethnocentrism create an 
inhuman world that huns us as well, if 
not as much or as obviously. We 
ignore this at our own peril. 

White privilege includes the privi-
lege to ignore one's privilege, to live 
in a narrow world on a terrible course. 
Though whites , however well-
intentioned, will probably find their 
efforts to be problematic for some 
time, we really do have to live with it, 
and honestly try to earn trust. The first 
step is taking responsibility for the 
white privilege we cannot help but 
have in this society, for the insidious 
ways in which our actions replicate 
what we're trying to eliminate. 

- The last month has seen the as-
sassination of Chris Hani (by a mem-
ber of South Africa's Dyslexic Nazi 
Pany) and the passing of both Cesar 
Chavez and Oliver Tambo. All three 
displayed the deepest of commitments 
to struggles against marked oppres-
sion. Knowing the soul-grinding ef-
fectsofcommitmenttocomparatively 
trivial political struggles in comfon-
able circumstances such as this, for 
comparatively short periods, I can 
only express my deepest admiration 
and respect for the lifelong commit-
ment demonstrated by all three. They 
will no doubt be profoundly missed, 
as their respective struggles continue. 

ROBERTS HAS No GROUNDS TO COMPLAIN ABOUT A.S. ELECTIONS 
Editor: resulting in longer waits to vote at the then will I be willing to believe that Round Table will not be serving alea-

r am responding to the letter sub- polls. It was imperative this year that she has an argument. hoI after 7 p.m. 
mitted by Michelle C. Roberts (Read- we have the council ballots on the Beth Gesson If anyone is intoxicated, they will 
ers ' Forum, April 26). While I wel- same ballot as the A.S. because our A.S. Elections Manager be denied entrance. The ASUCSD 
come her criticism of the elections, I traditional pollwor\cing unit had de- p.ty R"POillibly needs to take these precautionary think it is onl y fairto state that she was manded a difference in price of about measures in order to ensure that we 
not informed of the facts when she $2000 if we did not place the colleges At Sun God Festival may continue to hold these exciting 
accused me of my actions. I am now on the ballots. As far as panicipation events in the future. Most imponantly 
going to show her where she is mis- was concerned, three out of the five READERS' Editor: though, students need to show that 
taken and remind herto always check colleges did take pan, so I think that 

FOHUM 
On Friday, May 21,1993, the an- they can pany responsibly. Please do 

her facts firSt. perhaps Muir College feels it is a nual Sun God Festival will be held at not jeopardize future Sun God con-
She accuses Director of Student special hard-case. Other colleges were the Sun God Lawn, with an evening certs. 

Services Randy Woodard and myself able to afford $60. We were extremely concen being held in the Price Center. We know that there are numerous 11Je Guardian H/tomeS lettetS from Its readers. 
of engendering low turnout by re- accommodating, as we were willing All suomtsslons SIIooId be wea, doubIHpaced Over the years, the ASUCSD has pre-panies. We are asking that you 
moving the college specific polls. As to bill them only when they could and no foIWer than rwo pages. Letters must also brought outstanding bands for the party responsibly and leave your al-
it turns out, in the last few years the afford it but take their ballot additions be sijple(1 IIfICI include a phone number. We concen and the crowds have gonen cohol behind. The music will be out-resetVe rhe ~ to edit for /erVlfh and c/at1ty. 
colleges have had an extremely poor on credit. Submissiof1s may be dropped off at the Guanlian larger over those years. standing, but be aware and be sen-
turnout. The polls were more ex pen- If Michelle had investigated her omce on rhe second lIoorofrhe old Student Center A by-product of the Sun God Fes- sible. or sent by mall. Send an letters to: 

. sive than the A.S. could afford, given facts, she would have discovered that, The Guardian tival has been a large number of par- The campus police will be moni-
the fact that our election budgets was contrary to her claims, not only did Opinion Editor ties being held before and during the toring, possibly videotaping activi-9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
halved this year, and we were under we have ballots and boxes on the La 1018. CA 92093<)316 concen resulting in a great deal of. ties in the Price Center, surrounding 
tough criticism to reduce fixed costs tables, but also "tabulated" and "ad- intoxicated panicipants disrupting the areas and parking lots. 
such as these. . venised" for elections as a whole. take pan with us,butI could not do more festivities and causing problems for We at ASUCSD are aware that 

While there was a so-called "dic- Again, I cannot deny that we did not than that for their interests. security and campus police. The pre- these precautions may seem overly 
tatorial memo" sent to the colleges have heavy advertising, but we were If you read the rules of the elec- vious years' problems have resulted protective, but we also realize they 
saying they had to be placed on our operating on a shoestring budget. Due . tion, A.S. is not responsible for the in the campus police not actively sup- are necessary in order to ensure the 
ballots or not take pan in our election, to previous criticism of high costs colleges and never has been. The fact poning an evening concen this year. safety and well-being of all attendees. 
it was written in Winter Quarter by associated with elections, I was deter- that we did allow separate ballots in In response, the ASUCSD will be The ASUCSD wants to continue to 
then-Election Manager Jen~ifer mined to make this as cost-effective the past and have offered combined doing things differently. The event program and not be restricted by the 
Flaim. She requested $250 per col- an election as possible. ballots now cannot negate the fact that will be open only to UCSD students actionofafewwhodonotcareenough 
lege. Responding to objections that As far as Muir's "forced" decision the A.S. is ultimately responsible for and a guest (18 and over). to watch out for themselves, let alone 
colleges could not afford this, upon to hold elections for council after the its own elections. The Price Center will be fenced in others. We want you to have a great 
taking office I issued a subsequent A.S. election, that is simply untrue. I By changing the previous pattern, with two entrances; one by the foun- time. enjoy the show and get home 
memo stating that colleges could pay talked to Dean Chips, who after tell- we were attempting to answer student tain and the other by Round Table. safely. So let's work together on May 
$60 apiece. This fee would cover the ing us he would not have Muirpanici- requests to make elections affordable' Each entrance will have security per- 21 and show the powers that be that 
additional costs of producing extra pate,a1sotoldusMuir'selectionwould for the A.S. and not a waste of student sonnel by the fountain and the other we can be responsible and still rock 
votamatic pages. be held third week. money. I invite Michelle to come by Round Table. Each entrance will and roll! 

The reason for requesting that bal- We offered to allowcolJeges to hold examine old election records and see have security personnel checking IDs. Cecelia Lucero 
lots becombined with college council elections at the same time, indeed, we how low turnout was and also to ask In addition, no alcohol, cans, 1993 Sun God Festival Chair 
and A.S. elections was that in previ- could not have refused. In fact, I told around the A.S. and old election com- bottles, sports bottles, cameras or re- Robb Earnest 
ous years, we had 10 ballots on the every dean! talIcod with that they would mince members about tile disorgani- cording devices will be allowed into A.s. Commissioner of 
table, creating much confusion and probably lose votes if they chose not to zation under separate ballots. Only the venue. 1be Bulls' Eye Tavern at Prop'ammlna 



6 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3,1993 

Japanese and American Studies: 
"Equality and Inequality" 

Oregon/Japan Summer Program 

• July 21·August 29, 1993 (five weeks) a t Lewis & C lark 
College, Portland , Oregon . 

• A theme course on "Equa lity and Ineq ua lity" explo res 
issues of gende r ; race and ethnicity; social class and 
economy; and j apaneselU.S. partnership as viewed 
by Japanese and U.S. societies. Japanese language 
in truction at beg inning. intermediate and advanced 
levels is offered . . 

• Program fee of $2,200 includes: 
• Tuition for 12 quarter hours of credit 
• Room/board at Lewis & C lark Co llege 
• Books and m a terials 
• A J·day outdoor wildemes experie nce 
• Fie ld trips in Portland and around Oregon 

• The program welcomes undergraduate tudents in 
an y major with a n interest in japan and its culture. 
Prev ious Japan ese language study is pre fe rred, but 
not required. 

• The program brings together the best academic 
expertise in japanese and American studies from 
Oregon and from Japan ' prestigious Waseda 
U n iversi ty. 

• Participants interact with Japanese students 
in the classroom. in the residence halls , and in 
extracurricular activities. 

• Dead line: May 15, 1993 . Ea rly app lication is 
encouraged. 

For a brochure and an application contact the Oregon/Japan Summer 
Program. Lewis & Clark College. Campus Box t92. Portland. Oregon 97219. 

TEL. (503) 768-7305; FAX (503) 768-7301. 

Automotive Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mltsub.ah. Isuzu Acura Da 

Exceflent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!g. $55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjusl dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 

damages 3 . Condensers 
4 . Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all fl uid 

and oil levels 

7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 
9. Check lighls 12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
ExIra for fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression test 
2. Valve adjustment 11. Adjust timing 20. Lube Iront end . 28. CheCk and recharge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle 21. CheCk & replenish all baneries, if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket, 13. Adjust carburetor . fluid & oillev.els 29. Rotate tires (if needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14, Adjust air & fuel ratio 22. CheCk electrical system 30. CheCk tire pressure 
5. Distributor points. mIXture 23 . Check for loose & lost 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steering box bolts 32. CheCk all holders 
7. Air filter. 16. Adjust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. 0illilter. 17. Adjust brakes 25. CheCk clutch hoses 
9. Gas filter. and 18. Adjust emer.geney brakes 26. CheCk lights . 34. CheCk exhaust system 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road lest 

belts for damages 
NOIe: lor 6-cyllnder coro .dd $20. TOYOI. S""r.5. add $30 DalSun 200S X With 8 spark plugs. add $35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 

. Front or rear. 
. . . We replace. . 1. Install special new pads Brake job includes: 

1. TransmiSSion Inpul shaft 4. Throwout bearing or insta ll rear brake shoes 
seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain old brake fluid 6. /,dJust front )If drums) 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydraulic system 7. Replace front rotor 
Note: HydrauliC parts are not covered. Nollor 4WO. Front wheel 
drlVQ e~ra , 

4. Refill hydraulic flud seals (If rotor. lurn) 
5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road test 

Nota: Hydrau~c pans are nol IOcfuded. 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,DOO-mlle limited warranty. 

'moslcars All prices Include parts and labor. 

••••• 

800B Miramar Rd, 
695·1990 

WiIh tIlis ad. Expires 519193 
Call for appointmen!. 

To-",'CJ "lid IP"I,II (,If .rv,III.rbll' r,10Ild,I,' rleLI'1 . 30 .lfn b pm Open Saturday . 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

II NOIODY . KNOWS LIKE : . . DOMINO'S 
C!.: ~ Wo N:! 

UCSO's KILLER DEAL UCSO's PARTY FEAST 
I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2·ToPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS: 
II FOR ONLY $13?u.9Ia.r I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I ~. I FOR ONLY $17.9.'1.9.... I: I JUST ASK SPECIAL I, 
I Vllid.tte<;:OOpm. llllfYday. II CALL US! 
: C'AllUsi" ~dofing ' III' I 4S2-UCSD I 
I 4S2-UCSD • I Couponf1QU"ed. NolvalldwHhony III· : 
• Not vllirl willi any other offor. •• .. 0 -3. other oIfer. E"Ilire. 5131/93 •• Q·3. 

~------------~-----------~ Umited delivary ara. to enaure safe dI1ving: Our drlvo" corry less than $20.00. 

Monday, May 3,1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

"'1'1 (1\11:11'(11:1 : I ( \l (II \ 1: 1 \ 1:'" 
The University ofCalifomia is trying to lead the two TUlClear laboratories 

into a post-Cold War world. Some allege i1 is 'incapable' of that duty 

Continued from page 1. 
needed. 

Conversion 
As the motors that drove the Cold 

War grinding to a halt, the "military-
industrial complex" that has produced 
and readied America forany sort of war, 
at anytime, is no longer necessary. Now 
those skills and resources must be redi-
rected. 

Possibly nowhere are the problems 
and possibilities of conversion more 
evident than at Lawrence Livennore 
National Laboratory (LLNL) and Los 
Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), 
the two nuclear weapon research cen-
ters run by the University of California 
for the U.S. Department of Energy 
(DOE). 

Contained within those facilities are 
some of the smartest and most inge-
nious people in the world. Their work 
has been instrwnental in the design and 
testing of nearly every atomic weapon 
in the American nuclear stockpile. 

lnall,15,OOOpeopleworkatthetwo 
nuclear laboratories, doing research at a 
cost of nearly $2 billion a year. 

To justify that incredible use of tax-
payer money in this new world, the 
laboratories say that they are shifting 
away from nuclear weapons and that 
they can play an important role in help-
ing U.S. industry recapnu-e its teclmo-
logical edge over Japan and Western 
EW'Ope. 

But community groups fonned to 
P£t<SSure the labs to move to civilian 
research and <kvelopment say that the 
change is slow to come, and that under 
the current system such a change may 
never happen. 

According to ll.NL Associate Di-
rector Phil Coyle, "The lab's role is 
really changing," with direct nuclear 
weapons research taking up only about 
25 percent of the laboratories' efforts, 
down from 80 percent 20 years ago. 

Coyle and his fellow labadministra-
tors at Los Alamos have an impressive 
list of technological breakthroughs they 
use to illustrate their point 

Utilizing some of the fastest and 
most powerful computers on the planet, 
researchers at lLNL developed a com-
puter program that is saving U.S. indus-
try millions of dollars every year. 

The program, called DYNA 3D, 
was originally designed to test the abil-
ity of missiles to withstand a nuclear 
blast in their silos. But with the end of 
the Cold War, American missiles are no 
longer in the jeopardy that they once 
were, and scientists quickly rumed to 
other uses for this technology. 

It twns out that the software can 
simulate nearly any situation - from 
car crashes to train derailments to beer 
cans on assembly lines - greatly re-
ducing the number of costly reaJ-life 
tests previously needed to check dura-
bility. 

According to Coyle, DYNA 3D is a 
perfect example of what the nuclear 
Iaboratoriescandoas thethreatof nuclear 
war declines. Coyle says that, in a sense, 
the laboratories are beating swords into 
plowshares. 

But others argue that the labs have 
not yet kicked the nuclear habit. 

~Iea Kelly, one of the founding 
members of Tri-Valley CAREs (Citi-
zens Against a Radioactive Environ-

mem), a 100year-old community-based 
group dedicated to converting the labo-
ratory to civilian research, argues that 
the neat technology shown off by lab 
administrators is simply a ploy to quiet 
opposition and to keep the money tap 
open. 

' 'If you just read the laboratory's 
press releases. you would assume that 
the laboratory was converting itself .... 
In fact, the opposite is oue," she said. 

Asthemilitary budgetdeclines,KeUy 
argues that ''the management runs the 
risk of nmning the laboratory inlO the 
ground because of [a] lack of any alter-
native long-Ienn vision. In that respect 
Tri-Valley CARE<; is a kind of 'save the 
laboratory' group ... because we are 

spent on conversion, the labs are not up 
to the challenge. 

From his cluttered office, Schwartz 
said that not only is the top priority of the 
laboratories still nuclear weapons re-
search, but that the type of research done 
makes conversion nearly impossible. 

"It's simply the matter of the cost of 
the product," Schwartz said. "When 
you are used to working on military 
systems, in panicular things that are as 
exotic as nuclear weapons systems, you 
design to meet a certain level of petfor-
mance ... whatever it costs, the govern-
ment will pay for it." 

Such "mission-oriented" work is 
"suicldal if you go into a competitive 
civilian marketplace," he said. 

1lIE FLow OF POWER 

ties. 
Even Schwanz agrees that their 

knowledge should not be thrown away. 
"Clearly, there will be acontinuingneed 
for a certain amount of nuclear weapons 
technology," he said. 

WIIere the University 
Rta 

Any debate surrounding the labora-
tories is incomplete without including 
the University of California. Officially, 
the university manages the laboratories 
for the DOE, and iIi that capacity, it has 
a considerable influence over them. 

From the beginning, the university's 
relationship with the nuclear IaOOrato-
ries has been somewhat ambiguous. Its 

Officially, the university has a lot of control over the three national laboratories that it manages 
for the U.S. Department of Energy . However, critics contend that the UC is merely a paper tiger. 

Committee on Board of Oversight of the n Department of Regents Energy 
Laboratories l ~ President'seouncil on 

-'" ~ National Laboratories 
President 

, r::- "':=J 
Senior Vice Senior Vice 
President President 

Administration Academic Affairs 

-I -
'7 
~ ..... 

Special Assistant Special Assistant 
Laboratory Administration Laboratory Programs 

J~ J 
" 

~ 
Director Director 

Lawrence Berkeley Lawrence Livermore 
Laboratory 

providing an alternative viable future 
for the laboratory in a post-Cold War 
era." 

ExaminationofLLNL'sbudgetpro-
jections for the next fiscal year offers 
little concrete evidence to back up either 
Coyle or Kelly. 

While the nuclear weapons budget 
continues 10 increase, taking up a full 68 
percent of the lab's overnll Department 
of Energy budget, Coyle insists that 
much of the money under the heading is 
actually eannarlced for other projects. 
Programs like nuclear proliferation pre-
vention, disarmamenl research and 
nuclear accident training all fall under 
nuclear weapons research, concealing 
the amount of money actually spent on 
designing new weapons. 

UC Berkeley Physics Professor 
0lar1ie Schwartz, who for the last 30 
years has led the UC faculty revolt 
against the nuclear laboratories and the 
university's association with them, says 
that regardless of the amount of money 

National Laboratory 

It is a problem that administrators at 
both labs say they have faced. While 
Coyle says that the labs have "changed 
a lot already," he agreed that "anytime 
there's change in an organization it is 
difficult. " 

At the same time, however, almost 
no one is disputing the necessity of some 
nuclear weapons research. And the labs 
freely admit that nuclear weapons re-
search is still their number -one priority. 

AccordingtoGustafson,eventhough 
there are no nuclear weapons being built 
right now, "as long as one nuclear 
weapon remains in the U.S., you need to 
have people who understand these 
beasts." 

There are few people in the world 
with as much knowledge and experi-
ence wilh nuclear weapons as the re-
searchers at these nuclear laboratories. 
Theirknowledgecanbeeffectivelyused 
lO monitor everything from prolifera-
tion to the dismantling of weapons re-
quired by the latest U.S.-Russian !rea-

J l 
?' 

Director 
Los Alamos National 

Laboratory 

Rene Bruckner/Guardian 

power to influence decisions has been 
talked about but rarely tested. 

Theassociation officially begandur-
ing the Manhattan Project, when the. 
university bankrolled the $2 billion it 
took to build and test the fll'St atom 
bomb. 

The government paid all the money 
back, but liked how the whole thing 
wolted out so well that it proposed a 
more serious relationship. The labs and 
the university have been going steady 
ever since. 

The decision to give UC the top 
billing came from insistence by UC 
Berkeley Physics Professor and Man-
hattanProjcctheadRobertOppenheimc:r 
and other researchers that the atm0-
sphere at the labs be more akin to a 
college campus and less like a lOp-
secret military base. 

The result has been something of a 
hybrid of the two - imagine UCSD 
with 12-foot-high elecIric fem:s, rna-
chinegun-totingguardsandauackdogs. 

While the university and laboratory 
executives hel1lld the situation as ben-
efICial to everyone, many within the 
university and the communities sur-
rounding the laboratories claim that in 
reality the UCmerely lends its name for 
recruiting researchers inlo the fold, tak-
ing a backseat in the actual manage-
ment. 

"[The university is ] lending a cloak 
of academic respectability to the very 
dinyworkofnuclearweaponsresearch," 
Kelly insists. 

"I was shocked the first lime I wenl 
and spoke to the regents in 1987 to 
discover that most of them only had the 
vaguest idea of what the Iaboratory did, 
anP the only infonnation they had was 
the PR they were getting from the labo-
ratory directoo." 

Kelly is not alone in her criticism of 
theUC. 

"The university originally did noth-
ing at all at the laboratory but give its 
name ... later on, when forced to pre-
tend lO provide some real oversight, 
[Uq would typically appoint some 
committee of people who were friends 
of the laboratory [to] protect the man-
agement," Schwartz said. 

Schwartz is often cited as being 
instrumental in the recent vote by the 
system-wide faculty senate asking that 
the university end its association with 
both UNL and LANL. 

The university rejected their vote 
and signed a new five-year manage-
ment contract with the DOE last year. 

The new contract has been received 
with indifference by the community 
groups but has been widely publicized 
by the university and the laboratories as 
a harbinger of a new era of cooperation 
and oversight 

Among new additions to the man-
agement conttacl is the "President's 
Council on the National Laboratories," 
a committee designed to keep a closer 
eye on the inner workings of the facili-
tiesandgivenpowerto implement many 
types of changes. 

According to Coyle, the university, 
especially with the new committee, has 
"a lot of power" over a range of areas, 
from the type of research to the health 
and safety of worlcers. 

Kelly disagreed. ''This oversight 
committee, so called, is just window 
dressing. If you look at who heads it, it's 
BobKuckock ... the old head of nuclear 
testing at the IaOOratory. They've taken 
the same pack of cold warriors and just 
reshuffled them a little." 

Kuckock could not be reached for 
comment. 

Schwartz is even more damning of 
the university'S connection to the labo-
ratories. 

He says that the university is, in fact, 
preventing the necessary change at the 
laboratories because the research at the 
UC "is even more removed from the 
practical marketplace than what the folks 
at the labs now do. 

'The university says it is going to 
lead the labs in this new direction. ... I'm 
suggesting that they're incompetent lO 
do that kind of work." he said. 

For conversion to be successful aI 
the laboratories, Schwartz speculared 
that "the whole top managemenr [of the 
laboratories] has to be taken out and 
repJaced with people with completely 

See LABS, Page 9 



8 NEWS 

.Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

Wbfll is YOllr hflir cloill,!!. 
Ib{/I rOil I/"fllIl illo 
("(lIIlilll/l' dllill,~ .' 
\I"b(/I is ),(Jllr b(/ir 
d(Ji II,!!. I {/(fl YOII diJII '1 
/I 'll/II il III IX' d()ill,~ .' 

l\'i)//Id )'1111 Ii!.!/' S()/I/l'-
Ibill.~ lil'/I ' (llId dillc'rl'lI/ .' 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts WomensCuts 

$4 $5 
OFF OFF 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 

~~~9SI!~~2~~ , 
All 93 model bikes 10010 OHI , 

AIJ shorts 15% OHI 
All Oakley Eyewear 15% OHI 

All Continental Road ondATB Tires 15% ORI 
All Giro Helmets at close out prices I 

B i k l' 
S h () P 

limilod 10 sIock on hand. 
Sale ends 5/28/93. 

In the Student Center • Open 10-5 Mon.-Fri. 

The UCSD Guardian 

MODEL 
SEARCH 

Top Los Angeles Model 
and Talent Agency is 
holding a nationwide 
model search. 
CIA VIe/.Brava 

needs beautiful girls 519" and over and gorgeous guys 
61 to 614"for high fashion print. Trained actors with 
headshots and resumes will also be considered. 
Talent scout wlU be 0" 'campus May 4th, 
12:00-1:00 QliLXat tbe Multi-Purpose Room. 
All those who fit the above description please come 
during that time. 

ALLERGIES? 
Research volunteers needed to participate in a clinical drug study 

testing an investigational drug not currently on the marKet. 
Volunteers must have Hayfever with springtime symptoms such as 

sneezing, watel)' eyes, runny nose and congestion. 
Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$175.00 
for participation 

Please call Janet or Dianna at (619)436-3988 
Warren W. PI •• kow, M.D. 

Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

--------

17 i, N A I L S P ECIALS 
ACRYLIC $18.99 NAI LS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 J 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

MIN AND WOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-~1 
No! valid with any other oII~ Expires 5117193 

Monday, May 3,1993 

SWORDS: The 
UC is under fire for 
its lab management 
ContInued from ... 7 
diffemtt experiences and skills. But the 
best way to IRVCIt that [from) happen-
ing is to [retain) the UC management 
because its whole purpose is to protect." 

w.tdIc Tad Ih. 
One of the JOOJt publicized connec-

tions between the labs and the uni ver-
sity are the joint research ventures. 

Top researchers from the laborato-
ries and faculty and graduate students 
from the university share resources and 
knowledgeregardingaparticularproject. 
often joining forces on the research. 

According to Gustafson;there are "a 
number of established pathways where 
collaborations can occur [between the 
university and the labs]." 

He ciled as one e1(arnple the three 
researchers from Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography whO spent agreat deal of 
time examining climate change using 
LANL's supercomputers last year. 

At Lawrence Livennore the con-
nections to the university are even 
greater, for e1(ample, a part of the UC 
Davis Applied Science Department is 
actually located on site. 

However, Schwartz was critical of 
those connections, referring to them as 
"bribery that has been deliberately and 
consciously exercised" to gamer sup-
port within the academic community. 

Is the,...... In BeIkeIey? 
If the university continues to man-

age the laboratories, the question of how 
the facilities should look and operate in 
the new world settingmuSlbeaddressed. 

Often cited as an ideal laboratory-
university relationship is the one be-
tween UC Berkeley and Lawrence Ber-

ke�ey LaboratOI)' (LBL). the third na-
tionallaboratol)' managed by the uni-
versity for the DOE. 

LBL, which does no direct nuclear 
weapons-related research, is located on 
the hili above UCB. The two institu-
tions are often thought of as one, and in 
fact, nearly 25 percent of the I,(XX) 
scientists and engineers at LBL also 
teach at the university. 

According to .LBL spokesman 
Arthur Tressler, Lawrence Berkeley is 
the "only national lab with that kind of 
arrangement" 

LBL was opened in 1921 as the UC 
Radiation Laboratory, but almost all 
nuclear radiation research was ttans-
ferred to Livennore in the I 950s.It is the 
only lab that does not require an elabo-
rate security c1ear.mce for employment. 

.. the 21st Century 
It has been almost five decades since 

Oppenheimer watched in stunned si-
lence as the world's fll'st nuclear bomb 
exploded over the New Mexico desen. 

That e1(plosion was his sole passion 
forthe better prut of three years-it was 
his creation. And yet, as the 3O,<XX>-

___ iiOiiiiriiriiiiiiiii ______ ... foot-high mushroom cloud expanded 

1--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? 
Decisions to Make? 

Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ... We Can Help You 

intotheearly morning sky, hismind was 
not occupied with thoughts of a new 
revolution in science or the birth of a 
new world order, but with death. 

He said laterthathe was reminded of 
an old Hindu quotation, "I am become 
Death, the destroyer of worlds." 

But now the world has been given a 
new beginning: a world without the 
constant threat of nuclear obliteration. 

The brilliant men and women that 
have occupied their lives with nuclear 
weapons have a chance to look beyond 
the science of doom, and begin to forge 
a tnJe "new world order." 

2n s. Rancho S8nIa Fe Rd. 1SO-A N. EI Camino Real Theuniversity~atthecenterof 
Suite S Wiegand PIG. .. I' . 

San Marcoa. CA 92089 Encin .... CA 92024 this new beguming, and Its po ICJeS can 
744-1313 942-5220 I' help shape the new world-whether it 

L _____ ,!,,4 Hr Hotline 1-800-848-LOV~ _____ .J looIcslOthepastorconfrontsthefuture. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. MAY 3,1993. PAGE 81 

, 

• Favorable impressions made on UCSD 
campus tours are often the final factors 
that make a student decide to enroll here 

BY PHILIP MICHAELS, SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

uir College senior 
Christina Lambert 
knows all about 
UCSD - she can 
tell you that 
Revelle College 
was opened in 1964 
or that the Muir 
College Provost's 
office is located in 
the Humanitiesand 

Social Sciences Building. She knows 
how many intercollegiate athletic 
teams UCSD has (23), and if you ask 
her, she can instantly cite what the 
largest lecture hall on campus is (the 
Warren College Lecture Hall). 

And as if that weren't enough, she 
can also walk backwards. 

"There's no instruction given on 
that," she laughs. "It's just a talent 
you develop over time." 

Lambert is one ofthe 27 tour guides 
who can be seen occasionally walk-
ing backwards as they lead groups of 
potential UCSD students around the 
campus at II a.m. and I :30 p.m. 
MondaysthroughSaturdays. Butthere 
is a higher purpose to these campus 
tours than just an hour and a half hike 
from the old Student Center past each 
of the five colleges and back to the 
International Center. Organized by 
Student Outreach and Recruitment 
(SOAR), the campus organization 
geared toward increasing the number 
of applicants to UCSD, a campus tour 
could be the final element that sways 
potential students to choose one uni -
versity over anot~er. 

"I feel that the first exposure to the 
university is a strong deciding factor 
in coming to UCSD. About one-sixth 
of the UCSD popUlation decided to 
come here because of the tour," said 
tour guide Roberta Sharp. 

Fifth College junior Scott Hunt, 
anothertour guide, suggests that Sharp 
may have underestimated the actual 
amount of students who base their 
decision to come to UCSD on the 
campus tour. ''There's a lot of aca-
demic factors, but sometimes people 
just decide to go somewhere if the 
campus looks pretty," says Hunt. 

With that in mind, tour guides set 
oulto infonn the uninitiated about life 
at UCSD. Lambert, however, doesn 't 
believe that the tours' purpose is to 
"sell" the university or to p~jnt an 
unrealistic picture ofUCSD. The best 
tours, according to Lambert, should 
provide an accurate portrayal of what 
life here is like. 

"You try to be honest about it and 
give an honest view of the univer-
sity," says Lambert. 

SOAR's Assistant Director and 
Coordinator for Campus Tours Tom 
Johnston agrees that tours are about 
"getting out infonnation and letting 
students know what it's like to go to 
school here." 
The Tours ... SOAR 

According to Johnston, the tours 
are not the only way that SOAR 
reaches potential applicants. Besides 
the tours, outreach programs are of-
fered to encourage students to apply 
to UCSD. 

SOAR also provides infonnation 
and tours for targeted groups-schol-
ars. affinnative action students. dis-
abled students and transfers from other 
universities . 

"We do a variety of activities 
throughout the state to increase these 
applications because the university 
doesn '[ have a lack of applications in 
general. But there are areas where we 
try to increase," said Jom ~ton. 

To UCSD students, though, the 
tours remain the most visible part of 
SOAR's offerings. The sight of a herd 
of potential students marching be-
hind a tour guide can be a common 
one at UCSD, especially in the weeks 
before and after spring break, when 
an army of prospective students de-
scends upon the campus, trying to 
catch a glimpse of the Triton e1(peri-
ence. 

Johnston points out, however, that 
it's not only highschool seniors look-
ing for that one deciding factor in 
their search for the perfect college 
who take the tour. Members of the 
community, visitors to the San Diego 
area and high school students think-
ing about applying to UCSD in a year 

or two regularly take part in the tour. 
A tour group that Hunt led last week 
featured three high school sophomores 
from Tacoma, Washington, as well as 
a current UCSD student taking the 
tour as part of his training as an orien-
tation leader. 

To Johnston, the tours serve two 
purposes, as a public service for those 
who want to learn about the campus 
and as a source of infonnation. "I 

Jason R~Chle/GU8IIl;an 

think that the tour does provide stu-
dents with a good impression of the 
campus," he said. 

"In an hour and a half, you can't go 
into every detail," saysJohnston. "But 
the tour gives an orientation on how 
the five-college system works and 
how [students) fit into that system." 
n. ........ 

With that in mind, tour guides like 
Lamben set out each day to give a 

Jre y 

Rfth College Junior Scott Hunt, 
a student tour guide; pauses for 
explanation at Urey Hall (above) 
and orients his group at the 
International Center (below). 

group of complete strangers a lasting 
impression ofUCSD. On a Wednes-
day morning in late April, Lambert 
found herself in front of a group of 
five high school seniors, each with 
their parents in tow. Each of the five 
had been accepted to UCSD already 
and were taking the tour as the May 
deadline for enrolling loomed before 
them. With these five students look-
ing to Lambert for some indication of 
what UCSD is like, she began the tour 
as she always had - with a brief 
history of UCSD and an introduction 
to the five-college system. 

"Fifth College was founded in 
1988," she tells the group, noting that 
the school focuses on intemational 
relations. "But that doesn't mean you 
have to major in International Studies 
by any means," she quickly adds. as 
she passes around sheets of paper 
outlining each college's general edu-

See TOURS, Page S2 



S2 SPECTACLE 

12 Gauge 
Persuasion 
Funk' n Blues 
:rLlesda~. \la~ 4th. 9 pin 

College Night! $1 Admission 
w Istudent ID 

1921 Bacon Street, Ocean Beach 

Professor: George Upsltz 
Section ID: 181375 
Day/Time: T 7:00-9:50 p.m 

Room: PH 102 

Save from 20% to over 50% 
On everything in the bookshop! 

e 
STEPHEN BIRCH 

AQUARIUM-MUSEUM 
SCRIPPS INSTITUTION 

OF OCEANOGRAPHY . 
~ 

At the Aquarium Bookshop's Annual May Sale! 
Dates: Monday, May 3 - Frlday, May 7 

Time: 12;30 - 4:00 pm daily 
Place: Aquarlum Bookshop and Education Courtyard 

Paid admission to the Aquarlum·Museum 'S not necessary to attend the sale. 
If you have any questions, contact the 8ookshop: (619) 534-4085 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3,1993 

HHENH 
WAS JUSIlCE SERVED IN THE 

RODNEY KINe VERDIer? 

It's hard tosay because there 
is 80 much hype about the 
incident. It's hard to say if 
the jurors made the right 
decision. 

CHRIS ROBERTS 
. Muir Senior 

All officers involved were 
guilty. If the roles were 
reversed and they were black 
officers beating a white man 
they would alJ go to jail. 

ALDAVE 
Muir Senior 

TOURS: Guides 
memorize myriad 
campus facts 

.ContInued from page 51 
cation requirements. 

The beginning of the tour is in-
tended to offer a general introduction 
and a little information about UCSD. 
The group learns how Muir's require-
ments differ from Third's, that War-
ren College was named for fonner 
Supreme Court Chief Justice and 
three-time California Governor Earl 
Warren and that Fifth College stu-
dents take a six-course sequence en-
titled Making of the Modem World 
After that, the march begins through 
the old Student Center and over to 
Revelle Plaza. Along the way, lam-
bert points out buildings, services and 
other areas of interests, culling infor-
mation from a 50-page manual with 
blurbs about the UCSD campus that 
she was given when she was hired as 
a tour guide. 

"You memorize it, but it's not that 
hard;" Lamben said. "It's not like 
you're memorizing a 90-minute 
speech because you see the cues along 
the way. You see Urey Hall and know 
to talk about it." 

As the tour group passes Urey 
Hall, Lambert discusses the origins o.f 
the annual Watermelon Drop. Point-
ing across the the way to Bonner and 

Photos and Interviews by 
DANNY RUSPINI 

No. I feel that the jurors did 
not take into consideration 
the reactions of the majority 
of the public. I question the 
j udiciaI system. 

DAMIEN WILPITZ 
Revelle Freshman 

No. It was a political 
manuever to appease the 
people so that they wouldn't 
riot. 

PAM BENJAMIN 
Third Sophomore 

Mayer Halls, she tells the group that 
the walkway between the two build-
ings is designed to look like a DNA 
strand. Are there any questions, Lam-
bert asks, as the group reaches Revelle 
Plaza. Indeed, there are, mostly from 
the parents. 

"Where is the Revelle Provost's 
office?" 

"Will you mention budget cuts as 
we go along?" 

"Will freshmen be put in the resi-
dence halJs?" 

The questions, according to lam-
bert, are the hardest part of being a 
tour guide, but she answers them to 
the best of her knowledge. 

"To be honest, one of the hardest 
questions to address is 'What is the 

No, but(roma legal viewpoint 
I ass lime that the lawyers and 
judge knew the case and 
(oUowec:1 the law. 

MARIANNE SILVOIA 
Revelle Freshman 

The media made a definite 
impression in people's minds. 
But! wasn't in the courtroom 
so I reaUy can't say. 

JEREMY SHELLEDY 
Third College Senior 

social life like on campus?' I try to 
answer honestly, from personal expe-
rience," said Lambert. 

If tour guides don't know the an-
swer to a question, Hunt notes, they 
can 't simply invent an answer. "As 
tour guides, we' re told notto make up 
things. We direct them to places where 
they can get an answer," he said. 

The different tour guides' presen-
tations are generally the same. At 
Muir, the tour guide talks about living 
oncarnpusand meal plans. At Peterson 
Hall, the tour group catches a glimpse 
of an actual lecture, while the tour 
guide discusses the pros and cons of 
the quarter system. On their respec-
tive tours, both Lambert and Hunt 

See TOUR, Page 53 

Monday, May 3,1993 

TOURS: Student 
guides insist that they 
give only the facts 
Continued from page S2 
compare the UCSD mascot, the Tri-
ton, to "the Little Mermaid's father." 

Thecontroversies that most UCSD 
students are familiar with are rarely 
mentioned, mostly because of the 
tour's brevity. As the group passes 
the General Store Co-op, they are told 
that the co-ops pride themselves on 
"low prices," but there is no mention 
of legal negotiations,late night break-
ins or anything else to do with the 
ongoing dispute with the administra-
tion. Only the UC budget crisis rears 
its ugly head, when the tour group is 
told about the problems facing the 
Physical Education Department. 

But sometimes, not everything 

m 
There're a lot of 

academic factors, 

but sometimes 

people just decide to 

go somewhere if the 

campus looks pretty. 

SCorrHUNf 
Student Tour Guide 

m 
goes so smoothly. As Hunt delivers 
his interpretation ofUCSD's history, 
a student walks by and screams, "It's 
all lies. Don 't believe it." Fortunately 
for Hunt, his group laughs. 

"We get hecklers. It's usually 
pretty funny. It's usually your friends," 
Hunt says. 

Hecklers are the least of a tour 
guide's worries, though, as Hunt can 
attest. While leading only his third 
tour ever. a woman in Hunt's group 
suffered a grand mal seizure during 
the tour. According to Hunt, who was 
terrified by the incident, the woman 
collapsed onto the ground and also 
suffered a concussion. 

'They did CPR on her. Luckily, 
there was a registered nurse on my 
tour," says Hunt, who added that the 
woman recovered. 

But occurrences like this are rare. 
Not surprisingly, Lambert 's tour ends 
an hour and a half after it began with-

See TOUR, Page S4 

The UCSD Guardian 

IT DOESN'T TAKE A BRAIN SURGEON TO 

ACE THE MeAT 
IT TAKES A PRINCETON REVIEW STUDENT 

Average score increase of 40 percentile points 
Actual MCAT materials 
Fewer than 10 students per class 
2 Full Length Diagnostic Tests 
2 Half Length Diagnostic Tests 
8 Week comprehensive review of all the facts you'll 

need to ace the MCAT 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

558-0500 
ACE THE MCAT-starts]uly 17 

4130 La Jolla Village Or., Ste. 309 in Regents Parl( 

AnENTION UCSD GRADSI 
Welve Got A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive busihess. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

OASIS SUMMER PROGRAMS '93 
SUMMER JOB OPENING$ 

AVAILABLE POSWONS 

Study Management Facilitators 

Math & Science Tutors 

Writing Facilitators 

Peer Counselors 
Student Assistant 

To Apply: 

6299-ED 

5430-ED 
5431-ED 

6301-ED 
6302-ED 

CONTACT 

Rosalind Streichler 
Luisa Giulianetti 

534-7344 (York 4010) 

Trang Vu 
534-3760 (GH 1058) 

Rhonda Lee McCoy 
534-2284 

(Old Student Center, Rm 214) 

6298-HU Patsy O'Connor 
6303-CL 534-3284 

(Third College Commons 102) 

• Obtain a referral from Career Services for each position (job numbers listed above). 
• Bring the referral to the contact office listed above and fill out an application. 

SPECTACLE S3 

~nll~WIN(. (~O. 
UeSD 
NIGH' 
Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
PILSNIRS 

" " 
'1 

~,~~ o~~~O'J' ~~")J" L.------"The best hsh and sandwich place in La Jolla" 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am-2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21/w student ID 

Eam up to 15 units this summer 

atSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin throughout the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking congestion 

Register by mall now, or In person 
beginning May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 am - 4:30 pm 
Monday· Friday 

CallSDSU 
Summe, Sessions, 

594·5152 
for information or to 
have a free catalog 

mailed to youl 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
'with this ad. Off., .'pI'" 512193. 

• AEROBICS ·LFECYClES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
,STAIRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAunlUS • P£RSONAlINSTRUCTlON 

• 4 IllES FROM <:.-..us 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
CIalremont Squl,. ShoppIng Center 
(Near Lee WOlds, behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

FItrI"""' ........ , 



S4 SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian 

What 
2 hours 'til 

sinea',:, 

VISA 
, -.~ 
-~ ' ~iii 

With Visa® you're accepted at more than 10 million places 
around the world, nearly three times more than American Express. 

Just in case yQU ever come up a little short. 
Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

L-_____________________________________ C> V .. US4, Inc, l!193 __ ..... 

Monday, May 3,1993 

TOURS: Visitors 
and prospective 
students ask questions 
ContInued from PIle. 53 
out incident in the courtyard of the 
International Center. 

"It was a very nice trip," one of the 
parents tells her. 

"Good luck in deciding where you 
want to go," Lambert responds. 
I R..., .... 1IIIs ~ 

The campus tour program is suc-
cessful because SOAR hires students 
who truly enjoy their experiences at 
UCSD.AndaccordingtoHunt,there's 
no shortage of these students - there 
are usually more applications for the 
position than there are available spots. 
"I'd say it's a coveted position," Hunt 

m 
To be honest, one of 

the hardest 

questions to addI ess 

is 'What is the social 

life Ike on campus?' 

I try to answer 

honestly, from 

personal experience. 

says. 

CII:RJsnNA L\MBEKI' 
Student Tour Guide 

m 
For Lambert, it was only natural 

that she became a tour guide. "I really 
like this university. as you can tell. 
Otherwise I wouldn't be doing this 
job," she tells her tour group, a state-
ment she repeats after all the students 
and parents are long gone. 

"I wanted to share my experiences. 
[Choosing a college] is such a hard 
decision to make. I wanted to help 
people fi nd the right col lege forthem," 
said Lambert. 

This is exactly what Johnston has 
in mind for the campus tour j>ro-
grams. "The reasons we have student 
tour guides is that they can give a 
student perspective," he said. 

'They can answer questions like 
'What's it like to sit in a lecture hall 
with 300 people?' 'What's it like to 
live on campus?'" 

It is with these aspects of college 
life that the guides are most intimately 
familiar. 

CATCH A RIDE 
ON A JET .1. 
ANnlMEI T 
Europe ........ $269 
New York .... $129 
Hawaii ......... $129' 
Call for program description 

AIRHITCH 
1·a-317·1. 

Monday, May 3, 1993 

ROBERT"S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(I-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( 6 1 9 ) 2 7'.') -I 1 :J 2 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

•• 

We use ana recommend Ktondall il 
lutw'lcants to our cu~omers. 

-------------------

:lO%OFF 
all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor and tron. mission OVl-maUI. 
Not valid with any other coupon. 

The UCSD Guardian 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
. , 

"Gi-;- $1 ~ DRAFT1~"~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SeRE.ENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY • DARTS 

OPINION 9 

A.S.: Friday's 
judicial board hearing 
was a pathetic farce 
ContInued flam ..... 4 
reasons. To my knowledge, a public 
hearingcamot becloscd simply because 
some salient details might prove 
embarrassing to the defendant. 

Siwabessyis,afterall,apublicofficial, 
albeit small-time. What's more, he is a 
publicolfJCial whomayhave used fraud 
to get elected. While this is nothing new 
in the gameof politics, it is not somedIing 
that should be condooedor overlooked. 
For all the talk recently by Siwabessy, 
Tesak and others about what is 
supposedly in the best interests of 
srudents, they obviously did rKX have 
the students in mind when they moved 
to close that hearing. 

Whether the judicial board flllds 
against him or not remains to be seen. 
The evidence amassed against him 
during the hearing remains SOO1ething 
of a mystery, since no one is willing to 
talk about it If it were left up to me, I'd 
exonerate Siwabessy, have Bartolotta 
tarred and feathered and have the A.S. 
Judicial Board flogged and exiled. 

Imagine iflhis case had occwred one 
quarter later than it did. Suppose 
Siwabessy announced in October that 

---------------------------------------------- he would have to take a quarter off because he could not pay his fees. 

ALL GENERAL 
BOOKS, TECHNICAL 
BOOKS, CLOTHING 

& SUPPLIES* 
• Best-sellers, magaZines, textbooks. medical 
books and Instruments, the computer and 
electroniCS department are excluded. 

CSD BOOKSTORE 
534-READ 

: mon-fri 8am-6pm I!t. sat lOam-5pm 

Imagine that it was revealed 
subsequently that he was not a student 
this quarter, but had managed to cover 
up that fact and continued to serve. 
Would there be the kind of brouhaha 
that is taking place right now? Probably 
not The grievances would be forgone in 
favor of impeachment proceedings. 

That is precisely what is in ordernow. 
If the judicial board is smart, it should 
allow Siwabessy to exit gracefully and 
with dignity, and it will keep the rest of 
the slate out of it If someone has to lose, 
let it be Siwabessy. He is damaged 
goods. His political capital is spent This 
sordid affair has wasted his credibility. 
Let the A.S. get on with more pressing 
issues, such as negotiating a decent 
settlement with the administration and 
the co-ops, revamping the A.S. 
Constitution,and laying thegroundwork 
forautonomy. Thisscandaloussideshow 
has become a bore. 

In 1974, Richard Nixon realized that 
if he were to be impeached, the ensuing 
tunnoil would have dire consequences 
on the nation and across the globe. He 
stepped down in disgrace, but he always 
had the national interest at heart. Twenty 
years later, Nixon has regained much of 
therespectheloslRandolphSiwabessy 
isno Richard Nixon-Agnew, perhaps. 
but not Nixon. Nevertheless, if he truly 
has the interests of the students at heart, 
he should do the right thing and put 
himself out of our misery. 

'IriS 534'* 
Muniell 51.,* 
Vicnllll 5149* 
London 516.* 
Alllsttrclam $315* 

'III'M"..,., iawtl ".,.. 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451-0630 



10 CALENDAR 

ltIon(My Ihtough.F~y 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday -3 p.m.) - TIle 
OAlII UftIlI... Protram provides 
assistance to students whose native 
lanaue&e Is not En&1lsh and to those doIrc 
work In JIIPIIIl8SII, German, Spanish, French 
end Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on 
written En&IIsh Is available on request. 
Call 534-2284 for Info. (weekly) 
• 8 :30 a.m.' 4:30 p.m. - TIle OASIS 
SdIoIarI' Wlltlnt WorkIIIop provides free 
Individual and woup conferences to assist 
students with wrltllIII projects. SWW also 
offers free word process lflii facilities and 
computer assistance. Stop by York Hall 
#4010 or call 534-1344 to schedule an 
appointment. 
.8:30 am.-4:3Op.m. - Let OASIS Study 
Management CMIIr help you this qulll18r 
with time management, note taking and 
editing, textbook analysis, memory, 
flexible/speed reading , vocabulary 
development and GREILSAT/MCAT 
verbal compre-hension. Stop by York Hall 
4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointment. Also, stay on the lookout for 
Ihose valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshop and the GRE Weekend 
Specials. (WfHIkly) 
.8a.m.-4:30p.m.-The OASIS Writing 
Center is a free service for all UCSD 
students. We offer one to one writing 
conferences for any type of writing project 
-academic papers, personal statements, 
even stories and poems. Our staff of trained 
undergraduates, who come from a variety 
of academic disciplines, can help you 
become a more effective writer. Call 534-
2284 to make an appointment or drop by 
our office in the old Student Center, 
Building A, Room 2 I 4. (weekly) 

Monday, May 3 
• 9 a.m. -4 p.m. - Muir College WritIng 
Progrem Lottery Appllc.uon PwIod for 
Fall Quarter '93 writing classes. Last day 
to fill out and submit lottery "ticket" at HSS 
2346 and get information on when to return 
for lottery results. 
.3-3:50 p.m.-Memory Technlq.a-
OASIS-Study Management Center, York 
Hall -4010. Free. Preregistration 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Tuesday, May 4 
.,-, :50p.m.-MemoryTechnlques-
OASIS-Study Management Center, York 
Hall-4010. Free. Preregistration 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Saturday, May 8 . 
.9a.m.-12p.m.-StnItIaglestolmprove 
GRET .... TakingAbIRty-OASIS-Study 
Management Center, York Hall-4010. 
Free. Preregistration is recommended. 
534-7344. 

leetores 
Wednesday, May 5 

• 4 p.m. - "Reading Neltzache As 
Postmodernlat: RhetoriC, Genealogy, 
Perspectlvlsm In Ahlstorlcal Cont.xt" 
- Robert Holub, Professor, UC Berkeley. 
literature Building. Free. 

Tuesday, May 6 
• 12 p.m. - "In Search of Respect: 
Puerto Ricans In the Crack Economy In 
New York" - The Ethnic Studies Dept. 
presents Philippe Bourgois. Rm. 34 15 lit-
erature Building. 

Friday, May 7 
• 12 p.m. - "Th. Trinitarian Debate of 
the Fourth CenIUry and the Classical 
View of Man" - The Program In Religious 
Studies presents a noon-hour faculty 
seminar by Alden Mosshammer of the 
Religious Studies Program and the 
Department of History. H&SS 4025. 

Serviees 
Monday-Friday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - SIOI. Computer-
baled procram of career Information de-
signed to helpyou clarify your skills, values 
and Interest. For more information, come 
tothe Career Services Center. $10. (Weekly) 
• I :30-4 p.m. - DROP-IN ADVISING 
HOURS - For help with cal89r goals, job 
hunting, resume preparation or exploring 
professionalorgraciJateschoolopportu,ni1ies. 
No appointment needed, just walk in to the 
Career Servioes Center. (wee/dy) 
• MENTOR - Graduati!lQ this quarter 
and job-seeking? We'll match you with a 
professional in your field who will get you 
started networking in the local job market. 
Sign up at Career Services. (weekly) 

Monday, May3 
• 1 I :30 a.m. - Interviewing Skill, 
Workshop - Learn techniques required 
to be successful in the interview process. 

Tuesday, May 4 
.2:30 p.m. - Job Search 101-8O%0f 
all job vacancies are unadvertised. This 
workshOp will teach you the most effective 
way to find them. Career Services Center. 
Free. 

Wednesday, May 5 
• I I a.m. - 1nIImItIonII AfIIIIrI: GrIIdUlle 
School OptIons - Intemational affairs, 
relations, policy and area studies graduate 
programs and career paths discussed. 
Career Services. Free. 

Thursday, May, 6 
• I I a.m. - How to interview for Mad!-
ul or Other Health Profellional 
Schools - Essential for participants in 
this quarter's mock interview program. 
Career Services Center. Free. 

TheW 
Friday, May 7 

.2:30 p.m.-P8ychology, Counaallng. 
and Social Work: Graduete Schoo" 
OptIons In the Mental HaaIttI FIeld -
There are many educational paths to a 
protessional career. Information about 
options, preparing for and admission to 
these programs. Career Services Center. 
Free. 

(ounse~ ipsy-
ehologieal ServiefS 

Monday-Friday 
• 9 a.m.-5 p.m. - Woman's Re· 
• ource Cent.r Pe.r Counseling -
Feel like no one understands? 
Women counselors trained by Psych . 
Services available to help with crises 
or give support and referrals for your 
needs. Confidential, safe space. Walk 
in or by appointment. Located in the 
old Student Center Bldg. A. 534-2023. 
(weekly) 

Monday, May 3 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Women of the Afrlcen 
Dlaspora - Leader: Equilla Luke. 2025 
HSS. No fee. 

Tuesday, May 4 
• 10 am.-12 p.m. - Undergraduete 
Growth Group - Open for women. 
Leaders: Lindsay Calderon and Beverly 
McCreary. 1003 GH. Call Lindsay at 534-
3755. 
.2-3 p.m. - Lesblan/gay/bls.xu.1 
peer counseling with Steve. Do you 
have a question about your sexuality? 
Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Drop in & let's talk. Located 
In the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & Library Lounge in Price 
Cntr .) Call 534-3981 for details . 
(weekly) 
.3-4:30 p.m. - Socllli SkIlls Workahop 
- Leader: Lindsay Calderon. 1003 GH. 
No fee. 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Graduate Gay and 
Bisexual Men', SUpport Group-Lower 
level conf. room, Student Center Bldg. B. 
No fee. 

Wednesday, May 5 
.1 I a.m.-12 p.m.-Olderand Retumlng 
Stud.nt. Group - Leader: David 
Blasband. Room 3240 Literature Bldg. No 
fee. 
.2-3 p.m. - L.sblan/Gay/Blsexual 
P •• r Coun.ellng with David . Do you 
have questions about your sexuality? 
Do you need an understanding person 
to talk to? Our office Is located in the 
Price Center next to Mac 's Place & 
Library Lounge. Call 534-3981 for 
details. (week /y) 
• 3-4 :30 p.m. - Chicano. Latino, 
Multicultural Group - Revelle College 
Provo Bldg., Leader: Dan Munoz. No fee. 
(weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - Procrastlnatora' Group-
Leader : Hugh Pates. Revelle College 
Provost's Bldg., no fee. 
.5-6 :30 p.m. - Lesbian .. Bisexual 
Women's Support Group - A 
confident ial drop-i n group with a 
supportive environment to discuss 
issues of sexuality . Led by Chel i . 
Student Center Bldg. B lower level 
conf. room. Call 534 ·3981 for details . 
No fee . (weekly) 
• 6 :30-8 p.m. - Gay and Bisexual 
Men's Support Group - We're a 
safe and confidential group for people 
to d iscuss their concerns about their 
sexuality led by David and Steve. 
Student Center B, lower level conf. 
room. Call 534-3981 for details . No 
fee . (weekly) 

The UCSD Guardian 

yCaiendar 
Thursday, May 6 

• I -2 p.m. - lasbIan Gay B_xual 
Peer Counaallngwith Cheli. Do you have 
questions about your sexuality? 00 you 
need an understanding person to talk to? 
Call 534-3~1 to set up an appointmant. 
(weekly) 
• 3-4 :30 p.m. - Adult Children of 
Alcoholics Psycho·Educational 
Support Group - Galbraith Hall 
1003. leader: Jeanne Manese. No 
fee. 
.5:30-7 p.m. -Common Ground- A 
support group for friends and families of 
lesbians, gays and bisexuals. lower 
level conference room., Student Center 
Bldg . B. 

Friday, May 7 
• I I -11 :50 a.m. - Mlnd·Body 
Connectlol)e - Leader: Beverly Harju. 
412 MMC. No fee. 
.":30 am.-t p.m. - Support Group 
for GrIICIuIIt8W_-Leaders:Beverty 
McCreary and Jane Parr. 1003 GH, no 
fee. 
• 12:30-2 p.m . - Pan-Asian 
Community Forum - Mountain View 
Lounge. Leaders : Jeanne Manese 
and Alvin Alvarez. Drop-in . No tee. 
(weakly) 
• 1-2 :30 p.m. - Overcoming 
Compulsive EatIng - Call for sign-up. 
HSS 2148. No fee. 534-3585. 
• 2-4 p.m. - Alcohot snd Substance 
Abuse Group - Revelle College Provo 
Bldg., no tee. 
• 4-6 p.m. - Cempus Black Forum -
Mountain View Lounge. Leader: Phil 
Raphael. No fee. (weekly) 

Health 4 Fitn~ 
Monday-Friday 

.9 a.m.-12 p.m. - Put yourself to 
the test - the fitness test. A friendly 
Student Health Advocate will check 
your cardiovascular fltn •••• 
muscular strength and andurance. 
and flexibility all for FREE in 
FITSTOP. Come by second floor 
Student Health to j make an 
appointment. (weekly) 

Monday-Thursday 
• (2 p.m., Mon: 10 a.m. & 1 p.m., 
Tues.; 11 a.m. & 1 p.m., Wed. ; 10 
a.m. & 1 p.m., Thurs.) - Protect 
yourself. To learn about birth control, 
STD prevention and pelvic exams, 
come to the Woman's Sexual Health 
Info. Session. 2nd floor, Student 
Health Center. 

Clubs" Meetings 
Monday, May 3 

• 5 p.m. - Student Environmental 
Action Coalition Me.tlng - Get 
involved in Earth Day, recycling, an 
environmental newspaper and much 
more. Office 208 Student Center, directly 
above Soft Reserves . Everyone is 
welcome I (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Circle K Internatlon.1 -
Community service organization meets in 
Gallery B, Price Center. Come join us. 
(weekly) 
.1p.m.-LGBABuslneasMMtlnga-
Get Involvedwith LGBA-you'U makefriends 
and have a great time helping out. Make it 
your business I Meetings are at the WRC. 
(weekly) 

Tuesday, May 4 
.12 p.m. - AA Meeting - Student 
Center A, room I 13. Large conlerence 
room. (_kly) 
• 3-4 p.m. - Adult Children of 
Alcoholic. (ACA) - 12-step group 
meeting. Purpose of group is to welcome 

and give comfort to children of alcoholics. 
Free, anonymous and confidential . Price 
Center Admin. 2nd floor above Food Court. 
Irvine Room. Everyone welcome. 153-
2 I 06. (weekly) 
• 5 p.m. - BiweekJy meeting of CCM 
panel of Post Doc Grad students at MTF 
275. Chicanos/Latinos for creative 
medicine. (weekly) 

Wednesday, May 5 
.'-3 p.m. - Faculty, Student. Stan 
Interaction meets for lunch to 
Informally discuss on topics of today. 
All students and faculty are welcome 
to join . For more Info: Chris 558-
2103 . (week/y) 
• 3 p.m. - The Rev.11e Commuter 
Advisory Board needs people like you . 
Weekly meetings are at the Revelle 
Provost's office. (weekly) 
.4-6 p.m. -StuclentAtflrmatIva Action 

- Committaa Meeting. Santa Barbara/los 
Angeles room, Price Center. All welcome. 
(weekly) 
.4 p.m. - Third Collage Tranafer.R. 
Entry Stud.nt, (TRES) Meeting -
Discuss problems, solutions, questions 
and answers about being a transfer or re-
entry student. (weekly) 
.5 p.m . - Would you Ilk. to make 
n.w frlands while performing 
• erylce for your school and 
community? Come join us and find 
out about Alpha Phi Omega, UCSD's 
only co oed National Service 
Fraternity. WLH 21 I 4. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - Wilderness Club -
Interested In hiklng, mountain biking and 
other outdoor activities? Join us on the 
second floor patio of the student center, 
above KSDT. (week/y) 
• 7 p.m. - ASAP - Get involved with 
Active Students for AIDS Prevention. 
POlitical activism, volunteerism. Help 
prevent the spread of AIDSI Price Center. 
(weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - GermInal - Meets to see 
and discuss current videos and audiotapes 
on social and political issues, 
documentaries and films. some of which 
are rarely seen anywhere because of 
media censorship. Che Cafe. (weekly) 

Friday, May 7 
.7:30-10 a.m. - Come to the Revelle 
Commutar Breakfa.t at the Revelle 
Commuter Lounge. All you can eat for half 
a buck. (weekly) 
.a-l Oam.-Warren CommuterBrealdast. 
Meet fellow students and fill up before 
class. Lit. Bldg. 2nd ftoor conference room. 
All you can eatl Only 5Oe. (weekly) 
• 10:30 a.m. - Join Third Collage 
COmmu .... Board and help plan events. 
Meetings at Third College Dean 's 
conference room. (weekly) 
• 12 p.m. - AA Meetlng- Student 
Center A, room 1 13. Large conference 
room. (weekly) 
.2:30 p.m.-Native American Stuclent 
Alliance (NASA) meets weekly on Fridays 
at the Grove. Come and get involved I 
(weekly) 

Events 4 
Recreation 

Monday-Saturday 
• to a.m.-5 p.m. - Grove Gallary 
pra .. nts "Verdict L,A," - Recent 
Serigraphs from Self Help Graphics" -
Prints which address issue. surrounding 
the events following last year's Rodney 
King verdld, and reflect life in the City of 
the Angelus Men through the eyes of the 
artists. Open Saturday (10 a.m.-2 p.m.) 
through June 13. 

Monday, May 3,1993 

Monday-Thursday 
• 9 p.m.-2 a.m. - Lata night coflaa 
houaa. "Cafe Diana at the Che. Good 
music, variety of yummy baked goods . 
Specialty coffees and teas. Open 
microphone ... (weekly) 

TuesdBy-5uflday 
• 12-5 p.m. - MandeYllle Gallery 
""-tB Selected Worka of Conrad 
Atkinson - Acknowledged as one of 
Britain's most Important artists, Conrad 
Atkinson has incorporated his concerns 
about popular culture and the politics of 
the day I nto the art he has created for the 
past 20 years. Works on display in 
Mandeville Gallery through June 13. 

Monday, May 3 
• 4 p.m. - Open Mlkel- At the Grove 
Caffe. All musicians welcome I Listeners 
welcome, too. (weekly) 

Wednesday, May 5 
.9 a.m.-l :3O p.m. - Peace Corpa at 
UCSD - Find out how your skills in 
agriculture, business, math, science, TEFL 
and skilled trades can qualify you for 
programs in Peace Corps. Peace Corps 
representatives will be on campus to talk 
about opportunities available in about 90 
countries in Africa, Asia, Latin America, 
the Pacific and CenlI'al Europe. Information 
booth at Price Center. 
• 12 p.m. - lunch on the Hump-
Come out and eat lunch with LGBA. Bring 
your own food. (weekly) 
.2-4p.m.-MeetWlth Returned Peace 
Corps Voluntee,. - Career Services 
Center, conference room. 
• 4 p.m'. - Grove Glga will feature 
Matthew Walin and a special guest. The 
event is Iree to all and will be located althe 
Grove Caffe. 
.6:30 p.m. - "Man Facing Southeaat" 
- Argentine feature film which comments 
on spirituality and on the line between faith 
and cynicism. Organization of Students 
Interested in Latin America (OSILA) spring 
film series. Discussion to follow. Free at 
Institute of the Americas Building, upstairs 
conference room. 
• 7-10 p.m. -Join the UCSD Ballroom 
Dance Club'sannual Dance Fund...., 
in the Price Center Ballroom. Cost is $3. 
There will be several exhibitions. Beginners 
welcome. Lots of open dancing. 

Thursday, May 6 
.9 a.m.-l:3O p.m. - Peace COrpl at 
UCSD - Information booth at Price 
Center. 
• 2-4 p.m. - Overseas Opportunities 
for Uberal Arts Malo" - Sponsored by 
Peace Corps. Career Service Center, 
conference room. • 
• 6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday 
night supper lor $2, Sponsored by the 
UCSD Catholic Community. Corne to the 
University Lutheran Church. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Soup Kitchen - Help serve 
others by serving food. Sponsored by the 
Navigators. Call Linda at 535-0761 for 
information. 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry Night at Cate Diana 
at the CM Cafe. Bring your own poetry, 
listen to others or do both. (weekly) 

Friday, May 7 
.8 a.m.-l0 a.m. - The Warren Colleg • 
Commuter Breakfast has moved to 
Fridaysl Join us and pig out before class. 
Literature Building , 2nd floor oonference 
room. All you can eat, only 5ee. (weekly) 

Sunday, May 9 
.12-2 p.m. - Radio calHa. - Weekly 
program for Raza. I nterviews and muslca 
picosal (weekly) 
.3 p.m. - Two free tou,. of the UCSD 
campus are offered this spring by the 
UCSD ViSitors Program. The bus tours are 
the first and third Sundays of each month 
from the Gilman Information Pavilion. The 
watking tours are on altemate Sundays 
from the Gilman Infonmatlon Pavilion. 
Reservations: call 534-4414. (weekl)j 

BeIigiOl~ Serviees 
Tuesday, May 4 

• 9 a.m. - Campus mlnlst.,. ~ 
with Fr. Bill Mahady, Episcopal Campus 
Chaplain, at the Santa Barbara-Los 
Angeles Room, Price Center. 

Wednesday, May 5 
.6 p.m. - Supper Is served to students 
by Lutheran Community. Everyone 
welcome. Contribution requested, but no 
required. At the University Lutheran 
Church (across from Revelle College). 
.7 p.m. - "Phlllppllln." - Bible study 
topic led by Campus Pastor John Huber. 
Open to all . University lutheran Church 
(across from Revelle College). 
• 8 p.m. - "Auertln, Chrl.t·. 
Unlquena.. Amonc Competln, Truth 
Claims" - Presented by Campus Pastor 
John Huber. All are welcome. University 
Lutheran Church (across from Revelle 
College). 

Thursday, May 6 
.8 p.m. - Nllvlgatore Prayer Meeting. 
Call 455-5523 for info. (weekly) 

Friday, May 7 
• .. 2 p.m. - IIIlamlc Friday Prayer In 
the Price Canler. For info. call Yusuf at 
450-4681 . (WHkly) 
• 7 p.m. - Friday Night LIYe -
Navigators. Speaker. refreshments, 
worship, fellowship. All are welcome. 
Sunday, May 9 
• 10:15 a.m. - Canta .. SUndey Mullc 
F.stlval featur.. \locallsts and 
Instrumentalists. University lutheran 
Church (across the slr98t from Revelle 
College). Open to all . 

Monday , May 3,1993 

Tritons Fall; 
Finish Fourth 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Youth presented a S1J'ong case last 
weekend, but el\perience was served in 
the 1993 Westem Final Four women's 
lacrosse championships. A young Tri· 
ton team finished off another strong 
season, but the northern veterans from 
UCSB, a 16-13 victor in Sunday's con-
solation final. proved to have too much 
field savvy for an inel\perienced UCSD 
squad to overcome. 

UCSD's 14-6 loss to Stanford on 
Saturday placed the Tritons in the con-
solation final against the Gauchos, a 7-
6 loser to eventual championship win-
ner UC Davis. 

The Tritons controlled the begin-
ning stages of the game, seizing an early 
4-1 edge, but the 1992 champion Gau-
chos took to a run-and-gun offense, fast 
breaking their way to 9-6 halftime lead. 
Unrelenting, Triton Loc Nyugen 
muscled her way through several Gau-
cho defenders from behind the net in the 
first thirty seconds of the second half to 
cut the lead (0 9-7. Nancy Vespan fol-
lowed with a bouncing backhand to 
lessen the lead to one. 

The Tritonseventually tied the game 
II-II before Santa Barbara put the 
game out of reach with four quick goals. 
Vespan netted a couple of pride goals at 
the end; both were spectacular twisting 
and twirling shots with up to four Santa 
Barbara defenders on her, but it was too 
little too late to overtake the Gauchos' 
third-place finish. 

Santa Barbara's speed, el\perience 
and excellent ball control proved too 
much for the Tritons. The Gauchos 
exploited UCSD's vulnerable fast-break 
defense, effectively using their superior 
passing skills and raw speed. 

"We played very good set defense," 
said Head Coach Diane Whipple. "But 
we couldn 't stop their fast breaks. They 
are very hard to defend." 

Freshman reserve goalie Andrea 
Schechner petfonned well in place of 
starter Laurie Vanderhaak, stopping 
several rifle shots, but with 27 shots on 
goal, a fair number are bound to fmel the 
net. 

UCSD's Vespan led all scorers with 
seven goals. Jeannie Chufo recorded 
three goals and Loc Nguyen had two 
goaisandanassist. UCSB'sAnne Wolfe 
netted five goals and an assist and Deniz 
Ozcan had four goals to pace the Gau-
chos. 

'11\is wasa very inexperienced team 
this year." said senior Michelle Reiss. 
"But we had a great game and next 
year's team should be amazing." 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

EMESTER AT EA® 

A Voyage of Discovery 
Have you thought about departing in September for an around the world voyage on 
Semester at Sea? You have the rare opportunity to travel and study the global issues 
being faced in the world today. Whether your interests involve the environment, 
politics, economics, or other fields, you can internationalize your course of study on 
Semester at Sea. 

Each semester over 400 undergraduates from across the u.s. and abroad live and 
learn aboard the s.s. Univ,rse, an 18,000 ton ship equipped as a floating campus. 
During this 100 day voyage you can earn 12-1S transferable aedits, choosing from 
more than SO lower and upper division courses. During the Fall 1993 semester the 
Universe will visit Japan, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, India, Ukraine, Turkey, 
Greece and Morocco. 
Space Is available for the Fall semester. For more information call 800-854-0195 
or 412-648-7490; or write Semester at Sea, University of Pittsburgh, 811 William Pitt 
Union, Pittsburgh, PA 1 S260. 

Apply now and prepare for the learning adventure of a lifetime. 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESVLTS ... GET HEALTHY! r---- '-----------------, 

2TANS$1: : bi.il~1Ia 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports' injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system di~orders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CAlL TODAY FOR AffORDAILE QUALITY CAlE 

558-3600 
• Most Insurance coven chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am·7 pm and Satu~y 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I - ~ 
,,------

One for you, one for a friend : 
!W'Tan Days $2999 1 I 

Wolff Beds • Facial Tamers I I 

r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
II Guaranteed ... $48 ~ /lostinches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
I - Mindy, San Diego I Lose It least 8" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting, Not a temporary water loss. I 
I GOlDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla !'to Lama HIlIc~~ I I !'ERFECf TAN 455-0952 22+9727 296-7004 I 

:3251 Holiday C~. P If I &each Mle I V lie 5qte Col. I acr055 !ltreet from EI Torito ~ 9~60 54;-oa;,9~ y 697-0014 I 
455-0909 -~ ________ ~~<ric~"",.~pd~~ _______ _ ..J. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need an on-campuaNolaly Public? II so, 
call 567·7911. (114·613) 

INJURED? a- mieaed? Make-up exams? 
ComperMllon lor your Interrupted c:IUa eched· 
ute . injuries. lost wagea. medical coeta. Cd the 
laW otIIces of Spencer Busby and Associates at 
283-8000. (411905113) 

PANAMA DECEPTION. lhe film shown Sat· 
urday. May 8 at Cafe Cinema al 6 p.m .. $5. 
Academy Award lor best documerrtary. See 
what even PBS refu ... to air. 236·9575. (41 
290516) 

12 Gauge Persuasion: T ..... May 4111. 9:00 at 
Winston·s. Ocean Beach. (4/2i-513) 

Bicyclist Appreciation Dayf Friday. May 7. 
1993. From 9:00 a.m.·11 :30 a.m. altha Price 
Center walkway. Come and enloy: Ir .. food 
and drinka. Ir .. bicycl. registration at lhe 
UCSD Police Dept. 10:00 • . m.· 11 :00 a.m.; 
regl.,er to win prizes. and morel Sponsored 
by UCSD Transportation AnernaUves. (4129· 
5/6) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage" 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .. ....... .... .450·3323 

Fairmai~s ...................... 222·0220 
Jennifer J's Beach Wear .. .. 551-1 004 
La Sandale ................... 488-11 34 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ............ ......... 455-0662 
Domino 's .. .. .. .. .. ........ .. .. 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452·0524 
Yakimono .................. .. . 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695·1990 
Robert·s .... .. .. .. ...... .. .... .. 275-1 132 
Tom's Master Mech ...... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587·4844 

UCSD HAIR" BEAUTY 
Dearinge~s ...... ........ .. .. . 454-1000 
Young Attitudes .......... ..457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .. .. .. .. ... 560·0325 
Primo Hair Salon .. .. .. .... 455-0046 
Salon De Noie .... .. ...... .. 483·2512 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Being Fit ...... .. ...... ......... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............ 535·1 379 
Tan 4 Less .................. ..455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ...... .. .. ...... 452-7374 
Vision Care ........ .. ......... 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader .... .. .. .. ...... 693·1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ...... .. ...... 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .. ........ 483·1421 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............ ... 455·1 000 
MCAT Review .. .... .. .. .... 456·4848 
Princeton Review ........ . 695·9952 

UCSD JOBS 
New Car Dealers .......... 296·31 75 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452· BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ...... ..... 274·ALES 
Charac1e~s (LJ Marriott) 
.......... ................ .. .. ....... 587·1414 

Volleybar & Grill ............ 270·7860 

UCSD ETC. 
51. Germain·s ................ 455·.1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

I ~- " JASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardianresef1Jes the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads" For more information 
call534-5416.Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

PROJECT COMPASSION. A community eItort in 
partnership with local orgarizaIIone, ~. 
Could- and ~ to coIacI fOod for 
.. huncIreda of children and IamIIiea lYing In the 
Tij.ana City Dump. Theloodwil be an incentive tor 
the children 10 reguIatIy attend a achooI. and 
eciJcation wII open doons for opporturities tor sell· 
suIIcIancy. Aachool hasalready~ lUll. Please 
cal892.Q236 to help. (4129-516) 

3 Madrtoah compuI8nlMt8 recently stolen from 
rMMrCh laboraIoriesat the Salk Institute. Anyone 
wnh inlonnallon regardng this cr1me, please cal 
CRlIE STOPPERS at ~ 11PS. You don' ha ..... 
to <jve your name and can earn a reward of up to 
$1 ,000 from Crime Stoppers. (513) 

"Getting HI" WorI<.shop led by mystic Carmela 
ConIIo.Ph.D. Thursday. May 6. 7:30p.m. Phone 
436-6595. (513) 

Warren College Semi·Format. "MIssIssippI Moon-
light" May 27. 8-11 p.m. Tockets $10 at Box 
0tIice. (513-5124) 

"PANAMA DECEPTION" A rare chance to sea 
lhe Academy Award winning documentary. May 
B. Cafe Cinema. 8 p.m. Oon't miss this one. No 
matter what yourpolHics. this one will Shock you. 
(TV networks have refused to air n. ) (513·516) 

EMPLOYMENT 
ChIdrIn·. dIIy c.,.. In AgoI.n seIIk spedaI, 
<3ing • ..., people. GenenII CXlUr1I8Iors & specialty 
irstrudas lor horsabacI< ricing, craIII. swinYning. 

,-,cnma.~, rrusic.~& 
moraIGraalsummartcOsl (818)~.(4I8-5I10) 

Hiring Todayl Estabtlshed toeal company needs 
5 enthusiastic sportS minded individuals lor part· 
time or luu.ttme positions starting at $12 per 
hour. Call 793-4473. (411 5-516) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABlE I Many positions. 
Great bsnefits. Call1 ·800-436-4365ext. P·3387. 
(4115·5110) 

SWl.,NG INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12·514 pi 
hr. DoItun Swimming Lessons. Rex hours. all 
areas, call Greg, (619) 491 ·4637. (4/19-5/17) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT · Make 
$2,OOO+imonth teaching basic conversational 
English abroad. Japan & Taiwan. No previous 
training requined. For employment program call : 
(206) 632·1146 ext. J5976. (411 9-516) 
Being At is tiring experienced aerobic teachens. Cal 
483-9:94. CenIIcaI!on nee required. (4126-5/6) 

00 you have an eye tor fashion? Earn serious 
money and pay tor your COllege tunion In your 
spare time. LA.·s top modeling agency is looking 
for you to find lhe next "Super Model." Female 
scouts prelerred. (21 3) 962·9564. (4129-513) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYIIENT· ftsharies. 
EamS600+lWeeklncannerie8or$4,OOO+lmonIh 
on fishing boats. Free transportatlonl Room & 
boardl ..... orFenWe.Foramptoymentprogram 
call 1-206-545-4155 ext. A5976. (513·5120) 

AAlSE ACOOl,1,ooo.oo INJUSTONEWEEKI 
For your Iral. sorority. club + $1000 FOR 
YOURSELFf And a FREE IGLOO COOLER il 
you quaIIy. CaJl1-8QO.932.Q526. Ext 85. (513) 
Caregi_ for handicapped chitd. Flexible part. 
time. PatIenc:e. love & rele<ences required. 25i-
7876. (513-5110) 
Responsible caring person with ctean driving 
record to take care ofpraclous six year girl. Man-
Fri approx. 30 mlnut .. per day. Exc:eOent pay. 

SERVICES 
00 you need an on-campus Notary Public? It so. 
call 587·7911 . (114-613) 
PASSPORT PJCTURESI Only $5.95. Whiie you 
wait . Xeroxes and mare. Near St. Germain's. 
452·9949. (1119-613) 
\IIoIlrVI/IoIa l.esaons. You or your chiId(ren) can 
learn from an experienced. protessional teacher. 
Now accepting students - aI ages and levels 
weIcomel Cal Conrad. 48&41525. (3f29.6I3) 

Need typinglWOrd processing done? Will do any 
size job. any type 01 job. I will also do editing It 
needed or wanted. Call Carol 481·6364 eve-
nings. (411 ·613) 
PHYSICS/MATH TUTOR. Masters In physics 
with TA experience. $15Jhr. 263-9444. (415-516) 

Lash tint. 1acIaIa, waxing. acna traatment. HIghest 
quality products. Parvaneh·sSklncare.552-1174. 
10% 0" with ad. (4/12-5113) 
TERM PAPERSI THESISI RESUMESI 00n1 
Waale money & time at do-k,yoursell centers. 
RElAX + let us do your word-processing. half 
the cost. hall the timel Free pickup + delivery. 
(619) 292·8444 (24 hrs.) (4/19-613) 

CrackecI windshield? Repair now belora n 
spreads. Avoid costly replacement by calling 
GLASSAVERS today I Low student rate at $30. 
Free mobile service win repair at school. home. 
or worl<place. 436·4842. (4/19·516) 

VISION TUTORING SERVICES. Specializes In 
Biology . Chemistry • Econ • Spanish. Low 
personaized or group rates. 793-9174. (4119-513) 

Money lor College. Scholarships available 
regardless 01 GPA or parental income. 
Guaranteed resuhs. Forha Inlormation packet 
call (819) 688-2347. (4/22·516) 

• Dr. S."y OeD. 
v,.,oncare 

WORD PROCESSING. Reports, manuscripls, 
theaee, reeumes. My size or type 01 job. Top 
qualtytypl~processIngandeditiog. Laser 
printer. Cal Kathy. 454-8167. (4/2i-513) 
OJ LIGHTING SYSTEM lor rent. Very 
impr •• sive .. . and CHEAP too. Includes 
soundtIower. heIicopIer. 2 sets 01 can Ughts and 
fog machine. All lor $751nlght. Free deliV8f)'1 
pickup. Pager 998.()()()3. (412&-513) 

RESUMES. Salislaction Guaranteed. $29 
package inctudes extanslveCDrllllJlation. custom 
resume. mailing. and laxing. Cover leiters and 
typaselting avallabfe. Call The Outstanding 
Resume tor a comptemerUry brochure or FREE 

WANTED 
IndllIiduaIs who suller lrom headaches. To be 
inctudedin a drugIesa researchsludy. Dr. Antey 
452·2882. (4122·5117) 
12 GAUGE PERSUASION Is loOking lor serious 
keyboard player. Steady Gigs. lunkirocklbtues 
style. Call 625-79SO. (4129-5124) 
Needed: 1 actorl1 actress tor student film. Great 
script·must audition. Leave message 225·92SO. 
(4129-513) 

WANTED: Piano Voice and Guitar teachers. 
Part time. exper prel, own transportation. Highest 
rates paid. 931 -0707. (513·5113) 

, 

Woment Parents DIvorced? Mom not remarried? 
Panicipate in research study. Could win 5100. 
Conlldential 528-4531 . (513-5113) 

Wanted : Non·smoklng healthy volunteers 
with asthma and allergies to participale In 
a Scripps Clinic study . lIolunteers will be 
compensaled. Please call 554-8930. (5 /3 · 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with parve. 
Appraised $11 .200.00. Sacrifice $6.000.00. Call 
454·2069. (318-511) 

SEIZED CARS. Irucks. boats, 4wheelers. 
motorhomes. by FBI, IRS. DEA. Available your 
araa now. Call 1·800-438-4363 ext. 0-7556. (41 
15·5110) 
Honda Eli1e 80. wMe. 1986. Newtires. registered. 
$650 o.b.o. Call 481-4355. (4/190513) 

SURFBOARD and WETSUITS 5'11 " IrHin 
surlboard: ONeill SI M lull and spring suit 
each S80 or bolh lor $145 ; Bodyglove 21 
3MM SIM full suit 550. Robert 587·8672. 
(4 /19-5/3 ) 

Monday,May 3, 1993 

NEED TO SEU: 36'x48' drafting table $75; kNe 
-' $40; armchair $30; AsoIo lull grain leather 
men's hiking boola S85 size 7; Photography eo 
equipment: o.b.o. Call Robert 587·8672. (41190 
513) 

Stereolrecelwr, ~aI tape dec:k. high speed 
~bblng , phonograph, CD hookup, speallera. 
$SO. Sluv, 452-6485. (4122·516) 
Surfboard 6'4" Local Motionthrus1er. Good cond, 
good rides, $90.00. 452·3003. (4126-513) 

Honda Elne eo. 1986. red, 6000 miles. Hetme!, 
lock, permit inctuded. $500. Call 587·0541 
Maureen. (4126-516) 

FOR SALE. 1984 RABBIT. Manual. luel 
Injected, AlC, ciean. runs good . 103K. all 
records . $1200 o.b.o .. 546-8716. (4 /26·51 
10) 
1989 Honda EliteSOScooter· tow mllea,lncludes 
hetmet. $5OO/o.b.o. Call Paul 268-1182. (4126-51 
3) 

12 String Acoustic Guitar Fender wlcase. 
$200.00; like new monnors 100W $225.00 pair. 
452·3003. (4126-513) 

'66 MERCEDES 2SO SE COUPE White wlblack 
leather interior. walnut dasMrim. Au1omatlc. 
"slralght six" cylinder. mechanical luel injection. 
Air conditioning. Sunrool. Beautlfutl Call lor 
appointment: 753·2106 or 931 ·4096(w). (4126-
516) 

Audl SOOO Turbo Die ..... Automatic. AlC, sunrool. 
leather interior. $1200. Call 558·1724. (412&-51 
3) 

BED with box sprInglstand · $SO. STUDYTabte 
• $30. FUPCHAIR · $20. All good conclltlon· 
457-4621. (412&-513) 

SCOOTER: 1986 Honda Elite 1 SO. looks! 
runs good. $7SO or best . 490-1147. (4129·51 
20) 
SURFBOARDS, excellent to good condition. 
Wateris warming up. you're out there. Call Mike. 
552·0920. (4129·516) 
Fly San Diego/Oakland. Roundlrip only $72. 
Friday 5114 to Monday 5117. 558·2023. (513·51 
10) 

OINGO BOINGOI2 tickets. SDSU. Friday June 
11th. $30.00 each, leave message , 551 ·8714. 
(513·516) 

New computer tailored to your need. Guaranteed 
low price. Call Patrick lor price at 556·6536. (51 
3) 

TREK 330 road bike, 58 cm, 12 spd. good 
condItlon.$1SOo.b.o. Calt Rudy 581 -9058. (513· 
516) 

Surfboards tarsate. Spring's here. waters warm I 
Good boardS lor cheap: 6'2". 6'6", ro· ... 552· 
0920. (513·5127) 

CANNON DALE 56cm. 14spd road bike. 105 
groupo (except Hubs· new Ultegra 600) + BB 
(UN · 71 cartridge). Almost new Mavlc MA40 
32 hole rims. $325.00. Todd. 558· 1821. (5/3· 
5117) 

Large. biker'S leather jacket · excellent condition. 
Bought $1SO, wiN setl $75.00. can Andy 291 · 
62741534·3257. (513·516) 
VW BUG 1969. Great mechanically, good tires. 
Interior. Nearly comptetely restored. $ 1500 cash. 
492·9359. (513) 

'64 Volvo 240 DL. 132K. 4DR, auto. PSIBIW. 
$3500. 272·5258. (513) 

Steal String Guitar Mint Condltion$175.000.b.o.; 
Yamaha Electronic Keyboard, $1SO o.b.o. 273-
2697. Call Kevin. (513·516) 

Serving 
LA JOLLA 
UNIV" CITY 
MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

Invites You! 

l1li 
• 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of B05 

(behind carl's Jr.) 

578·6796 
- --T------,------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I DaU, W .. CoIIIplete I COMBO SET I 

I $89 I I 
INCLUDES 
" Eye exam 

• Fashion frames 
• Precision ground 

lenses S .V. 

$9900 
I OC Science I $35 00 OFF I Ed ....... CaI!pIItI " I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo. Choose Irom I B&L04 I Disposables I a large selection of I 

$139 Ex & frames and lenses I 7': I I 
I .=.~c:.'r::~p I $3500 I I ... ·C •• IoiI· _ oigIIItd I OFF I COMPLETE R. only " 0IhIIt' maior br .... in L ______ l~·~~~t~~ ______ ~ 

With this limited invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair 
Consultation 

• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style 

for Friend 
• HK Protein Deep 

Reconstructor 
• Scalp Massage 

• Clarifying Conditioning 
Treatment 

• Eyebrow/ Eyelash Tinting 
• Eyebrow Waxing 
• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• Complete Manicure 
• French Braid 
• 3 Tanning Sessions 

Monday, May 3, 1993 

Suriboard: 6'2' Pearson Arrow $100; Futon and 
Frame $75; IBM Printer $45. 481 ·S078. (513·51 
10) 

'87 Honda Elne 2SO. Black. mint condition, only 
3000 miles. Max 75 mph. $2000 o.b.o. 558· 
8024. (513·516) 

'69 Dodge Van. 50 .000 . rebuilt. solar 
panels, aux electrical system , gas range, 
runs great $1 200 . 792· 5706 Jordan . (5/3, 
5/6) 

Surlboard 7'2" & wetsu i t. Excellent 
beginner equipment. Ride Cadillac 01 
Surfboards . $1 50 takes all. 792· 5706 
Ashley. (5 /3· 516 ) 

Kenwood pullout stereo: (KRC·31 0) auto reverse. 
one year old. $100; AMES 546·9373. (513) 

1983 MAZDA GLC SPORT • 4dr. 5 speed. 
sunrool, PS. PB, looks & runs great. $1.2SO.00. 
279·5266. (5/3) 
Sony 19· TV $275; Panasonic VCR. $1 50. Both 
onty 6 months old. 558·127t (leave message). 
(513·5110) 

Fu10n + Irame $75. FulUOueen mat set $80. Sola 
+ loveseal $200. Can detiver 576·8244. (5/3·61 
3) 

Sharp CD player · $60. Gravis Joystick (IBM) 
• $20, Scanman handheld scanner · $60, 
water purifier (sink attachable) • 550 o.b.o .. 
20MB HOD (IBM) • $25. Call Seung @ 622-
1244. (5/2,516) 

Macintosh soHware, unopened. huge savings. 
Clariswort<s 1.0. $85.00. Ouicken 3.0, $35.00. 
VersaTerm 4.0. 560.00, Cricket Presents 2. I . 
$85.00. Disklock 2.0. $80.00, Corract"Grammar 
2.0. 545.00. o.b.o. lorbundle. 483·2694. (513·51 
10) 
Color monitor 14". ~ny Macintosh II . LC. Great 
qualny. near new. unused. Cheap $365.00.483· 
2694. (513·5110) 

HOUSING 
Furnished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 bdr., 1 ba .. 
balcony. $825.00. 619-491·1196 or 714·n9· 
0540. (314·515) 
FOR RENT: University City Playmor; $12SO.00 
3BR. 2.5BA; 1550 sq.lI. condo; all appliances; 
CLEAN & OUIET. July 1; 454-6462. (418·513) 
House lor rent U.C. 580, 4BA. 3 singles 2 
doubles w/baths. All appliances. Pool + spa. 
3000 sq.ft . Avail . mld·end June lor 1 yr. lease. 
Call Mike @I 556·7535. Please leave message. 
(41190513) 

Part · tlma silterl companlon lor boy . 12. 
Private room . board . kitchen & laundry 
privileges, $50 weekly salary . Up to 20 
hrsl wk. Weekends & evenings ; no daytime 
hours . Beg i n summer or fall. 
Undergraduate temale nonsmoker. Car 
requi red. Del Mar. 46t ·6115 . (4119,513) 
Female roommate wanted lor summer. New 
quiet condo near Sorranlo Valley. 10 min from 
UCSD. Own room, washerldryer. poot . $3001 
month + t l3 utllnies. NonsmOker please. No 
pets. 558-1390. (4126·516) 

Roommate needed lor summerl Own room in 3 
bdrm condo UTC area. AvaHable 6113. Washerl 
dryer. pool. dishwasher. $278 + 1I3util~ies. 587· 
2656. (4129·5/6 ) 

Master Bedroom Summer Sublet: Two people 
10 share large bedroom with private bath and 
phone. Four bedroom house. large backyard. 
close to UCSD and beach. 5320lmonth + 115 
utilities each. Call Cory or Tara at 558·2044. 
(4129·516) 
Summer Room For Rent. June·Sept. La 
Regencia - Regents @ Vons. Pool. fitness & 
weights. racquetball . spa, AlC. washer/dryer. 
garage parking. $300/mo. + 113 utils. Niall 457· 
4878. (412&-5110) 

Do you suffer from ASTHMA? 
Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. 

All testing and study medications 
are FREE 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to 

$250.00 
for participation 

Call 436·3988 
Ask for Janet or Dianna 

Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
Rtln.",f,f,.;tIId(, nrlll iJJplJor • . 1I .. lllb .. ,. AI>A , CI>A, .~/>CI)S 

LA IOlLA VilLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top Floo,., I IISf behi llil the Elephallt Ba ,. 

558-3490 
EI'tI,i"lIJ &-Sntl/rila.Y 

Appoillfl/lom A I'fl iln bit 

Get the credit you deserve 
at The Beach. 

California State University, Long Beach 

Summer Seulon 1993. 
Three Seuloaa 

oYer 1.lX> c1aa.a offend 
in Thdepartmenll 
Easy Ngiatratioa-VISA. 
MasteJCanl accepted 

CSULB 

May 31"July 9. J- 2Hul, 30. 
July 12"Augut 20 

No IormaI admiaion to the 
Uaiftnity !eqlliled 

• Day aDd _niDg cia-
" Uaill en InmIIenabIe 

Call ior a 11M cIaIIlCbIclule: (310) .. _ or writ. toe Ulllftnlty EateaIIoa s.m-. 
CSUIJ. 12S0 IeIUIoww .I~ Loag IIeacb. CA ....... 

The UCSD Guardian 

Charming Leucadia retreat. 2 BAl2BA. Pootaide 
gardens. FUrnillhed. 8/93.819-4. 51000 mo. 943· 
0703. (4129-5117) 
La Jolla Colony: Non-smoking lemale to share 2 
bedroom 2 bath apartment In quiet , secured, 
beautiful comptex near UCSD. Own bedroom, 
bath, phone, undllt'ground periling. Pool, gym. 
jogging trail. $375.00. (H) 455· t no (W) 554· 
2228. (4129-5127) 
SUMMER SUBLEASE: 3 bedroom. 1.5 bath 
townhouse. Near UCSDJUTC. $1 05Olmonlh. Cd 
Danielle 625-0704. (4129-516) 

TWO ROOMS AVAILABlE lor summer in La 
Jolla. Ow'n washerldryer. pool. jacuzzi. gym. 
secured parking. nearbusstop- biketo UCSD. 
$3451month + 114 u1i1ities. Call : 755·5604 . (513-
5110) 

Female roommate(s) wanted: $220 Share or 
$400 own room. Have two well·mannered cats. 
gym, 2 pools. close to school+bus. taundry in 
apt., 3 closets in master suite. avail. June 1st 
(negot). Call Sharlene 452·7669. (513·5117) 
Own bedlbath one block to UCSD. across slraet 
from shopping. Available now.546-121 O. (5/3.5/6) 

00 you know where you're I~ng next year? 
Neither do wei Two ghis Interested in Iinding 
oneIIwo more girls to share either a townhouse 
or condo near UCSD. Call 558.()494 or 622-
t677. (513·516) 

Roommate needed to share a two bedroom 
apartment a1 the lIillas 01 Renaissance near 
UTC. Rent will be between $400-$500 plus 
sewrity. etc. Call Marc 558-6563 lor details. (51 
3·516) 

Free room Inexchange lorconversation in English 
with German Scientist. Oon Matson 534·3068. 
(5/3·516) 

Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
available June; all appliances, washerldtyer. 
$995. 450-0328. (513-613) 

Summertown ~ 2bedroom • ..,.aou., cIoae 
to bus. UCSD. Pool, palidng, canyon. 5825, 2·3 
people, June-September(negoIiabIe). Cutel Cal 
Holly 81622·0803. (513·5124) 
Female roonvnate neededt Summerlown room. 
$3251mo. BaautilU. apac:ioua, 4 bedI2.5 bath 
house In Del Mar. Rachel 259·1664. (513·5120) 

Summer SubIeI. 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath, bikelwalk 
to campus, $12OO0r by room, 457-on3. (513-51 
10) 

Townhouae available mld-June, year·lease. 3 
bedroom. 1.5 bath. 51100. Near UCSD, Vons. 
bu • . 825-0628. (5/3·5110) 

Roommate needed to share beautilul Hillcrest 
apt. June 1-Sept 15. Fully lurnished. hardwood 
floors. vaulted ceilings. Okay lor 2 peopte to 
Share bedroom. $4OO1mo. Call Sunday @ 296-
7936. (513-5110) 
Roommate wanted, looking lor a guy roommate. 
Own room, own bathroom. Sharau1l1ities. inctude 
recreation equipment. $4OOImonlh. $400 depoaIt. 
We located at Regents Rd. Please conlact 
WENNY at 695-1731 br 587·9642. (513·516) 
Roommate wanted. $360/mo lor private roorn! 
bathroom. parking two btocks lrom beachl Call 
463-7591. (513·516) 

Summer rental. 3 BDRM condo next to UCSD. 
558·2023. (513-5113) 

SUllMEROONOOtS69Olrnorch.2-bedroom.2-bad1. 
CIairemort. UT1ahed. ALL UTIUTES INCLUDED. 
Chris 272-3758. lNII8 me.age. (513-5117) 

Roommate Meded lor furnished townhouse. 
Avail. Immediately or sooner. Wall to UCSD. 
S380.00. Roy 452·8836. (513·5110) 
Male roommatewanted losllaretumished master 
bedlbath In 4 bedroom UC houae occupied by 3 

UCSDwomentrornmld·June(orsoonar) throu~ 
August. All amerities Inctuded. $2751mo. + 115 
util. 452·3019. (513·5110) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Private room In 38R, 2.5BA condo. Del !Mr. 
Eight mlnutesfrom UCSD; pooIIspa, tennla;w'" 
to HighIande ShoppIng Cent ... ; prellit' ......... 
non-smoIdng. Available July 1at, $375 + 114 uIiI. 
62s-on1 Joe. (513·5124) 

Furnished Mission Beach T~, 3bt .. 3ba., 
2cargarage. yaarfrom 7/15193,$1 ,600.00.488-
2944 . (513·516) 
HILLCREST: Room. 3bdI2ba 00.-. $35OJmo. 
Near shuttte. moviea. ahopa. Hardwood ftoors. 
yard. 291 ·2955. (513·5110) 
SUMMER ROOM All AI~E • furnished. MId-
June thru August. $330+1 /4, cable. taundly, 
near ca,npus. Call jennie: 458-0032. (513·516) 

Room available June 12. North Ctairemont. Own 
room. share bath. 5240lmonth + utilHles. MIF. 
Mara 483,4105. (513·5110) 

Roommate to llhare large2BAI2BA near UCSD. 
ViDa La Jolla. 5·1 Ihru 7-115 "xibla. 550-0423. 
, 

LOST AND FOUND 
I lound a watch on North Campus partdng lot. 
Calt Michele G. 755·6301 . (411 5-5113) 

Lost heart bracelet Friday nite near Main Gym 
and Student Center. Very Sentimental. Rewardl 
792·0604. (412i-5I3) 

Man's prescription glasses lell at the Guardian 
oItlce. 534·3466. (513·516) 

Never at a Loss for 
Words? 

Write for the Guardian. 
Stop by our o!fice in the Student Cen-
ter above the General Store to apply. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? H ow 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have t o take the M AT. I s 

slciUs. In additio n to these tests, we work th rough MCAT 
passages eve!)' time the class meets. othing you encounter 

o n the MCAT should be a surprise. 

there such a thing as overkill in Rigorous wnling sample work 
a situation like this? 

H yperlearni ng offe rs 
th e most intensive 
M CAT prep ara-
tion course avail -
abl e. W e work 
hard to make sure 
you gel the most for 
your dollar. The most h~, 
t he most m o tivating envi ron-
ment, the most curren t mate rial , and 
t he most quali fi ed instructors available . 

The longesl mosl (Omplete, and mosl intensive MCAT course dvailablf 

You'U write fourteen half-hour essays. While this 
prog ram typically improves scores dramatical-

ly, some students need m o re hel p. W e've 
del igncd one-on-one wri ting sessions (five 

weeks each ) for students who st ill have 
concerns about this important subscore. 

Help wilh Ihe applicalion process 
W e wo n't abando n you after the 
MCAT. W e have interview and 

• 12 weeks, 4 meeti ngs per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medic,'Ii schools. W e 
have the AMCAS application 
template on our M aci ntoshes' 

so you can wo rk on your appli-
cation unti l you're satisfied. Then 

nights). More than 150 total hours. 10 wi mps need apply. 
" 2.5 hours per meeting , 50 meetings total . 
• lmmediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
" Convenient classrooms and times to fi t your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

We design and re·design our MeAT lourse fo r you • W e help you re- Iearn, ra ther than merely review, the 
conceptually-orien ted science and ve rbal material 
you'lI need to get a winn ing 1\1 AT score. 

All of our materials arc subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. W e onti nually 

Specialized inslru(lors who are experts in Iheir field 
• You are taught by four (not one or two) pe-

cialized instructors. 
" All inst ructors h ave ea rn ed at leas t a 

M aster's degree and many have won tcach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MeAT d~gllOsli(S to focus your efforts. nght frOllllhe slirt 
You'll take two computerized d iagnostic tests in addi-

upgrade our exhaustive BiolO!,'Y' ChemistI)', Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills 

demanded.by the new form at MeAT. W e now offer 1600 
pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice ques tio ns and Me AT-style passage. 

Any questions? 
Ju t give u s a call at 

800-843-4973" 
tion to the two full -lenglh MCATs we administer. Talcing W el1 make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the fi rst d iagnostic test early in th e course witt alert you and your 
instructors to your weak areas iA both science knowledge and tcst-taking 

WHEN IT'S TIME TO GET SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST. SM 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3, 1993 

Fanny Howe, a professor of writing at the University of Cali fomi a, 
San Diego, is the author of several volumes of poetry. She is widely 
recognized for her politically and religiously infused fiction and 
young adult books, 
And yet, Howe's art is not restricted to the printed page-she haS 
completed and continues to make video films including a short 
based on the writings of Simone Weil. 

Thursday, May 6 • noon 
UCSD Bookstore foyer 

LJCSD 
f:jOC)K~TOHE 

At Saturn, we 
know the value of team-
work. Our team is 6,900 
members strong, and 
our success is due to 
everyone's contributions 
and commitment. Every 
one of them. 

Student teamwork 
makes a difference, too. 
It can help feed and 
clothe the homeless, 
design and build a solar-
powered vehicle, launch 
a campus recycling pro-
gram, or create an alter-
native spring break pro-
gram to help build homes for the poor, These are 
just a few examples of past Saturn Award winning 
projects, of students working together to help their 
community, 

The Saturn Award recognizes and encour-
ages efforts and innovations of student teams. 
Eligible projects are those that either began or 
were active within one year prior to the application 
deadline. 

Tritons Can't Snap Streak 
BAlEBAL1: UCSD loses to 1re Master's CoUege twice, 2-1 and 13-3 
By Jeff Pr8UIht 
Staffwnter 

The UCSD baseball team saw its losing streak 
extended 10 eight games when The Master's Col-
lege swept a twinbiII on Saturday, 2-1 and 13-3. 

The first game was a seven-iming pitcher's 
duel, with Mustang starterOuisBcck (9-3) rossing 
a twtHriner. Steve Height (2-8) pitched well fix' 
UCSD, holding The Master's 10 eight hits but was 
the tough-luck loser. Pat Hart and Ollis Miyake 
had both of the Triton hits. . 

The nightcap ~ a different suxy with the 
Mustangs pounding UCSD. Kurt Luhrsen·started 

TRACK & FIELD 
ContInued from paee 16 

Highlights forthe ladies included a clean sweep 
of the field in the invitational triple jump led by 
Claire Boykin (first, 35'4"), Michelle Domico 
(second, 34'6'14'') and Amanda Levin (third, 
33'4.5'), All three ~ competed in the Jongjwnp 
wilhBoykin, capturing second in 16'6.5", Domico 
fifth in 15'11'14" and Levin sixth in 15'4lJ.". 

UCSD'sbestall-aroundjwnpe:r,ReneeSJl'Owl, 
competed only in the lOO-meter hwdles (15.40) 
and a relay. 

and gave up fourllUlS in the third, three coming on 
aJoe Pence homer. In the fifth, Pence sttuck again 
with a two-run blast. The Mustangs knocked 
~ (5-5) out in the sixth, scoring four more. 

UCSD plated its first run in the seventh and 
Glem Nahmias added a solo home run in the ninth. 
But it wasn't enough and The Master's won 13-3 
with Sam Minyard (5-3) picking upthevictcxy for 
theMustangs(28-20). Despitetumingthreedouble 
plays. the Tritons issuedeightwa1k:s, hit two batters 
and gave up II hits. 

Wid! dvee hils 00 theday,Miyakeextended his 
hitting streak to 15 games forthe Tritons( 13-19-1). 

In the 3,(0) meters, Wafa Hanna (10:22.38) 
and Karen Hinkle (10:23.80) continue to stick 
together, finishing sixth and seventh, respectively. 

"Both girls run real well together, so we tty to 
give them an opportunity to run with each other as 
much as possible," said Salerno. 

Erica Washington turned in anolhet prime 
perfonnance in the 100 meters, sprinting to a time 
of 1219. She also competed in the 200 meters, 
placing third in 25.28 seconds. 

"[Washington) ran well. She looks like she's 
ready to go for nationals and defend her 100 meter 
title," said Salerno. 

Now Accepting Applications 
For New Editors 

'I1Ie Gumdian is now accepting appIicalions for. 
Managing Edilor 

News Edilor 
Associale News Edilor (2) 

Opinion EdilOl' 
Am '" Enler1ainmenl Edi lor 

SportS Edilor 

Associate Sports Edilor 
Grap/lin Edilor 

Associale Gr.phic, Edilor 
PhoIo Edilor 

Associalc PIlOIO Edilor 

No E'perience NccesSil)'. Send a cover leuer. resulIle and clips 10: 
Edilor in Olief. TIlL UCSD GlJIVdian. 9500 Gilman Dr. 0316. La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 or drop lhem off al 

lhe Guardum office on !he second noor of !he Old Siudeni Cenler. above lhe General Siore Co-op 

The winning campus 
team will: 
• Receive $1,000 and a 

trophy at a Saturn-
hosted reception 

• Become eligible for 
the 1993 National 
Saturn Award of 
$5,000 to be presented 
at Saturn in Spring 
Hill, Tennessee 

At UCSD, we are 
looking for the most 
outstanding jointly-spon-
sored campus pro gam by 
two or more registered 

student organizations. So tell us about your team's 
success, Pick up your application at the Student 
Organizations and Leadership Opportunities office. 
Or for more information, call.534-0501 Applications 
are due by May 7,1993. 

Oil CA.'U. 

A D IHfRI NT K I D ofcOMPA Y. A DI ~~ruNT KI D of R. 

Monday, May 3,1993 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Roor. Come and 
get involved!! 

STAT£ OF THE CAMPUS ADDRESS 
FREE ADMISSION to hear Chancel-
lor Atkinson, Vice Chancellors 
Caserio and Watson, A.S. Presi-
dent Holmes, and Acting A.S. 
President-elect Tesak discuss the 
current condition of UCSD. Mon-
day, May 3 at 12 noon in Price 
Center Ballroom B. 

CAWNG ALL ARTISTS 
WANTED: Creative , visual , artistic 
interpretations of the current plight 
of higher education to display at 
Higher Education Poverty Carnival 
sponsored by ASUCSD External 
Affairs Department on Thursday, 
May 13. Call 534-4450 for more 
information. 

UCSA REPRESENTATIVE WANTED 
Apply to be the representative to 
the University of California Student 
Association. Applications and 
information available with the A.S. 
Receptionist, Third Floor, Price 
Center, or call 534-4450. 

AIDS FORUM 
Come discuss AIDS with Phi Alpha 
Delta on Tuesday, May 4 at 7 pm 
in PH 110. 

ART SHOWINGS 
Display your talents on campus at 
the Che Cafe. Call 625-8397 for 
more information. 

ASAP MEETING 
Get involved with Active Students 
for AIDS Prevention, come to our 
meetings Wednesday meetings at 
7 pm in the Santa Barbara Room, 
Price Center, Second Floor. Help 
prevent the spread of AIDS through 
volunteerism and political activism . 
Everybody is welcome, come on by! 

BALLROOM DANCE 
Join the UCSD Ballroom Dance 
Club for a night of dancing on 
Wednesday, May 5 from 7 - 10 pm 

, in the Price Center Ballroom. There 
will be lots of open dancing, 
exhibitions by the UCSD formation 
teams and by local studios, and 
beginners are welcome. Tickets are 
on sale at the Price Center Box 
Office, and cost only $31 Semi-
formal attire optional. Call 558-
8917 for more information. 

CAFE DIANA AT THE CHE 
Come enjoy this late night; student-
run coffee house Every Monday 
through Thursday from 9 pm - 2 
am. For art, poetry, music, food, or 
study, check us out. The CM is 
your home too, so give us ideas 
and we' ll see what we can do. 

CHE CAFE MEETING 
Find out how to volunteer or work 
at the Che every Monday at 6 pm. 
If you can't make the meeting, just 
come in when you can. Call 534-
2311 for more information . 

The tJCSD Guardian 

Third College and ASUCSD present 
Many Faces ... One Reflection 
a cultura celebration 

Musical PerCormen Ethnic Cuisine 
Dancen Street Fair. Art Gallery 

Children', Entertainment & Free Community Shuttle 
Education Community Health Fair 

Workshops & Forums Raffle: 
Strolling Performen $745 Kaplan Prep Course 

Co-eporuor.d byllP.Llfl1 
Saturday, May 15,1993 
Third Coll1186 Campu., UCSD For morl1 iA/O: 534-4390 

CHESS MEETING 
Come to meetings of the Chess 
Club every Monday at 7 pm in the 
Student Center North Conference 
Room (113-115), next to Soft 
Reserves. 

CINCO DE MAYO 
WEEKLONG CELEBRATION 
Noche de Cultura - Monday, May 3, 
8 pm, Price Center Theater 
"La Mujer" - Tuesday, May 4, Price 
Center Gallery B 
Cinco de Mayo - Wednesday, May 
5,10 am - 2 pm, Price Center 
Plaza 
"The History of Cinco de Mayo" -
Thursday May 6, Santa Cruz Room, 
Price Center 
Noontime Jam, Friday, May 7, 12 
noon, Price Center Plaza 
Call 534-4994 for more info. 

CORONADO BAY BOAT CRUISE 
Tickets for CSA's annual boat 
cruise semiformal, to be held on 
Saturday, May 22, 8:30 pm -
midnight, go on sale Saturday, May 
8 . Tickets are $12 for members in 
advance, $15 for non-members in 
advance, and $17 at the door. For 
information or tickets, leave a note 
in the CSA office behind Mac's 
Place, or call 453-2320. 

CSA ELECTION NIGHT / BANQUET 
Come hear next year's candidates , 
see a video of CSA intramural 
sports. and other activities on 
Saturday, May 8 at 7 pm in the 
International Center. 

DIALOGUE 
Join a discussion group for men 
and women to work on communica-
tion skills. Every Wednesday, 4 - 5 
pm at the CM Cafe. Call 625-8397 
for more information. 

ETHNICITY IN THE U.S. 
Come hear this panel discussion 
with representatives of various 
ethnicities talking about their 
experiences and their perceptions 
of ethnicity on Monday, May 3 at . 
6:30 pm in the International Club. 
Call 657-2184 for more informa-
tion. 

JUST COOL'N IT 
AASU invites you to hang out into 
the night at this BBQ and dance at 
the Che Cafe on Saturday, May 8 . 
Call 534-2311 for more informa-
tion. 

MECHA ANNUAL SCHOLARSHIP 
DINNER/DANCE 
Come to this semi-formal in honor 
of scholarship recipients on 
Saturday, May 8 from 6 pm -1 am 
in the Price Center Ballroom. 
Tickets on sale at the Price Center 
box office. Call 534-4994 for more 
information. 

MEN'S DISCUSSION GROUP 
Dialogue and workshop for men 
every Wednesday, 7 - 8 pm at the 
CM Cafe. Serves as a support 
group as well as a platform to 
debate men's role in feminism. 
Call 625-8397 for more info. 

MIDDLE EAsTERN FOOD WEEK 
Falafel, taboull, and more at the 
CM Cafe, Monday, May 3 - Friday, 
May 7 at lunch and dinner. Ask 
about our Ethiopian dishes, too. If 
you have ideas or recipes, just let 
us know. For more information, call 
534-2311. 

A MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Spend a night or two with 
Shakespeare, Thursday, May 6, 
Friday, May 7, and Sunday, May 9 
at 11:30 pm at the CM Cafe. Call 
534-2311 for more information. 

PHYSICAL AND OCCUPATIONAL 
THERAPYCWB 
Come hear guest lecturer Annie 
Simakauskas, Physical Therapist of 
UCSD Medical Center on Tuesday, 
May 4 at 5:30 pm in the San 
Francisco / Santa Cruz Room, Price 
Center. 

PsYCHOLOGY CWB 
Come to our meeting and find out 
what Dr. Clementz Is all about on 
Monday, May 3 at 4 pm in the San 
Francisco / Santa Cruz Room, Price 
Center. There will be voting, and 
the meeting is mandatory for all 
registered members. 

15 

ASUCSD Programming 
p. r E& . Ine Ine ntertalnment 

present 

GOOGOODOIM 
wi The Muffs 
Porter's Pub 

Wed., May 12 
8:00 pm 

Tickets - $9.91 
with UCSD ID 

The Mighty AS Programming 
Presents 

Scent of a Woman 
Thursday - May 6 

Price Center Theatre 
6:30 9:00 11 :30 

Tickets: 
$1 In advance 
$2 day of show 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
We Need A Director 

for the '93 - '94 school year!!! 

Come by and pick up an application 
from our office. This is a paid position. 

Are you or your organization inter-
ested ill making an elderly person's day a 
linle brighter? If so, call or come by and 
ask for Molly. 

The Volunteer Connection is located 
on the second floor of Price Center across 
from the elevator. Come by, or call us at 
534-1414. 

A.S. Newsflashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
adVertIse In the A.S. Newsllashes by filling out tile 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's off/ce, 
third floor, Price Center. SubmIssions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday 's edition. 

... 

• 

-



16 SPORTS 

PHILIP 

HI[HHELS 
Amidst Their 
Smoldering Ruins 

April may be the cruelest month of 
all, but May is running a close second, 
at least as far as the Koala is concerned. 
In the FIfth Annual Guardian-Koala 
softball game, virtue once again 
aiumphed over evil- the Guardian 
defeated the Koala, 42-10. 

No, that wasn't a misprint The 
Guardian did indeed score 42 runs. And 
this wasn't a football game, as the score 
might lead you to believe. No, it was 
softball, although you might nOt have 
been able to tell by the way the Koala 
was playing. Let's just say that it's the 
first time in years that the Koala has 
been so amusing. 

Oh, I blush to admit that I was 
worried for a moment As we took the 
field and our self-proclaimed Gold 
Glove infielders began to boot grounder 
after grounder, the outcome of the game 
appeared to be in doubt And when the 
Koala took an early three-run lead. I 
could only shake my head in shame. 
"Our three-year winning streak," I 
muttered, "is over." Well, I never 
claimed to be an expert prognosticator. 

What started out as a friendly 
softball game became a grisly slaughter. 
If you walk by Third Field, you may 
still be able to see the smoldering 
ernbers of the Koala's pride - that's 
how ugly it got The Guardipn bats 
were unstoppable. MVP and future 
Padre Art ROO( went six for six, with 
two horne runs and 10 RBIs to lead the 
offensive onslaught. Jason Ritchie, the 
pride of the Photo Department, smacked 
a ton of extra-base hits. Jeff Praught, 
who batted twice, only managed to 
knock two dingers out of the ballpark. 
And myself? I went four for six with 
two runs and a pair of RBIs. I've 
instructed my agent not to entertain any 
offers less than $2 million per year. 

And it was not as if the Koala didn't 
give us every opportunity to rack up 42 
runs. When we weren't knocking the 
ball out of the park. the Koala was busy 
making error after error. By the end of 
the game, the Koala fielder had made 
enough bOOls to open up a shoe store. If 
the great Babe Ruth had been present at 
Saturday's game, he would have cried 
- that is, after he had beaten the Koala 
players senseless with an aluminum bat. 

I must say, during the eighth inning, 
in which we scored 13 runs, we felt a 
twinge of pity for our newspaper 
brethren. It was like stumbling upon 
some dumb, wounded woodland . 
creature which you just feel like putting 
a bullet in its brain to end the misery. 
But since the Koala staff isn't M cute as 
a dumb woodland creature, we opted to 
continue the "humiliation. 

After we added 10 runs in the top of 
the ninth, the fIre had gone out of the 
Koala's collective belly. It went quietly 
with a one-two-three inning and quickly 
fled the field to weep like the pathetic 
little imps that they are. In the mean-
time, we retired to our favorite watering 
hole to raise our frosty glasses in 
aiumph and recall our lusty tales of 
victory. We are the champions - bring 
on the Rorida Marlins. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 3,1993 

Dan McDoweli/Guan1Ian 
Jeff Hernandez finished second and was only a few seconds short of a national qualifying mark In Saturday's steeplechase. 

Tritons on Fast 
TRACK a FB.D: Tritons srune"m a 
star-studded UCSD Open 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

If Burger King ever found itself in need of a new 
corporate executive, Triton track Head Coach Tony 
Salemo would certainly be in the running. Salemoand 
the UCSD track team served up a whopper of a meet 
last weekend in the 1993 UC San Diego Open. With 
weather and track conditions well-done, many of the 
athletes experienced record-I:x-eaking performances 
that were "their way, right away." Cries of "I love this 
place" reverberated in the air. 

Top-of-the-linecornpetition, includingafull men's 
and women's squad from USC, members of the 
Brazilian National team and several former Olympi-
ans, pushed Triton athletes to record some stellar 
marks in the Greater San Diego Spons Association 
sponsored event 

UCSD's Damian Coleman leaped to a first-place 
fmish in the invitational long jump with a mark of 
22'5'/4". Matt Inskeep was third (22'1") and Aaron 
Pardini was seventh (19'9"). 

Inskeep topped the field in the open pole vault, 
clearing 15'3", a Division m national qualifying 
malic Creed Stary and Fang Chang fInished ninth and 
tenth, respectively, both clearing 13'7'/4". 

Stefan Wynn also garnered a provisional national 
qualifying time'in the 1500 meters (3:55.2), ending up 
eighth behind teammate Mark Yuen (3:53.99) in a 
star-studded fieldofBrazilians. Brazil's Wander MoUra 
won the 1500 invitational (3:44.39) followed by 
fellow countrymen Joaquim Cruz (3;45.60)and Daniel 
darNever (3:45.57). 

"That was a very good run for both runners in such 
a strong field," praised Salerno. 

ErIca Washington took third In the 200. 
JeffTayorrecordedhis second-best hammer throw 

ever(195'11'), notchingsecondplacebehindUCSD-
graduate Scott Sargeant (203' 10"). Curtis Williams 
ended up eighth (164'10") and Randy Buehler was 
14th (141'9"). 

Jeff Hernandez paced four Triton competitors in 
the 3<XX>-meter steeplechase, finishing second in 
9:32.39, a mere seven seconds off national qualifica-
tion time standards. Nate Johnson (third, 9:5256), 
Edgar Nidome (fourth, 9:55.59) and Mark Johnson 
(10: I 5.66) were not far behind the speedy Hemandez. 

Pat Foy raced to a 1 :52.65 in the 800-meter 
invitational, finishing eighth in another Brazilian-
dominatedevent.FonnerOlympianJoseLuisBarboza 
won the competition in a new track record (I :46.54). 

See TRACK, Page 14 

111eWeek 
The Headline Matchup: Baseball at Cal State San Bernardino, Tuesday. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
WOMEN'S LACROSSE: The 

Tritons couldn't take advantage of 
the home-field edge at the WCLL 

FinalFour .... U 

IA'fBAII • UCSD lost two to 
The Master's College over the 

weekend ... 14 

Dan McDoweIl/GU4fl1Ian 

Other Games: Women's water polo vs. The Sunset San Diego West Boys' Team, Friday at 11 a.m., Canyonview Pool. 


