
Elsewhere 
UC Student Selected 
To State Commission 

ACRAMENTO - Govemor 
WiL on announced la t week the 
appointment ofUC Irvin gradu-
ate. tudent Beverly andeen to 
one of two tudent eat on the 

alifomia Po t econdary Edu-
cation Commi ion (CPEC), the 
principal state agency advi ing 
the govemor and ~state Legisla-
tureoni ue penaining tohigher 
education. Sandeen earned her 
B. . in Polit ical cience at UCI 
in 1984. Active in A UCI and 
other undergraduate campu. a -
tivitie, he was elected to the 
Executive Vice Presiden y in 
1983- 4 and ha served the Irvine 
campu and U sy tern ever 

in e. Currently, Sandeen isserv-
ing a Extemal Vice Pre ident of 
the CI s ociated Graduate 

tudents and as a member of the 
UCSA Board of Directors. 

UCR Campus Papers 
Drop Publisher 
RIVERSIDE - Three UCR 
campu publi ation opted to 
di continue bu ' iness with 
H gar Publishing after the 
Colton-based printing company 
decided not to print copie of a 
new campu gay. lesbian and 
bi 'exual news magazine la!>t 
week.The campus publications 
di continuing ervice with 
Hogar include the Asian 
Commllniry Times, the Chicano 
Student Programs ' Nllesrro 
Cosa and the Women' 
Resource Center' Heri:o/lS. 
The Highlander. the campus-
wide newspaper. i al 0 
considering changing printer . 

Car Hits Two Cal 
Aggie Band Members 
SACRAMENTO - UC Davis 
Cal Aggie Marching Band 
members Karyn Allen and 
Laura Battcher were struck on 
Feb. 23 by a speeding vehicle 
while crossing a street near the 
California State University at 
Sacramento. Both were 
released from the hospital the 
next day. The incident follow 
a Feb. 19 bus collision in which 
five band members were hun. 

Inside 

COOKIN~ 
SCIENCE: S10 cientists 
u e ocean to gauge global 
warming. 8 

SPORTS: Volleyball 10 ,t to 
BYU in four games 15-7,15-
9.10-15.15-8. 18 

Index 

T H E u 

MONDAY, MARCH 8 1993 

The 'Green Table' during its inauguration into the UCSD Stuart Collection on Saturday 
afternoon. It is the 12th piece created for the on-campus art collection. 

'Green Table' Unveiled Saturday 
ART: Newe t addition to the Stuart 
Collection feature table in cribed 
with thought-provoking comment 
By Karen Spiegel 
Staff Writer 

A crowd of 150 students, fac ulty and mem-
bers of the UCSD communilY gathered near the 
Muir Commons on Saturday for the inaugura-
tion of anistJenny Holzer' "Green Table," the 
twelfth pie ecreated for UCSD' Stuan ollec-
tion. 

"Green Table" re t on a small terrace lo-
cated near the Muir Commons. The six-i nch 
thick, rectangular granite table measures 20 feet 
by ix feet and has benches on all four sides. The 
table is in cribed with passages by Holzer and 
repre ent a variety of moods and points of 
view. 

"Affluent college-bound students face the 
real prospect of downward mobil ity:' reads one 
quote. Another pot offers a harsh pa sage.: 

"D n't talk down to me, don't be polite to me. 
don't try to make me feel nice." Texts with am re 
prophetic content, su h as" II things are deli-
cately intenwined." are abundant as well. 

"I want people t use their bruins and think 
Ihrough what I've laid out on Ihe table:' Holler 
said f the c ntradictions in her lext. 

UCSO Literature Profe~sorand friend on folzer 
Quincy Troupe admired the funclional nature of 
the table. "The writing should make people think 
about where they ' re at ," Troupe said. 

Holzer eamed a B.A. in Fine Arts at Ohio 
University in 1972. Five years later. she graduated 
from the Rhode Island School of Design. 

Holzerha~ex hibited her work widely through-
out the United States and Europe. including one-
person exhibi ts at the New York Guggenheim 
Museum and the London Institute of Contempo-
rary Art. 

Her texts have appeared everywhere from the 
electronic screenboard in San Francisco ' Candle-

See TABLE, Page 3 

UCSD Student 
Kidnapped 
CRIME: Third ollege , tudent 
taken early Tue day moming; 
e cape eight hour later 
By Philip Micheals 
Sentor Slaff Wrtler 

female D ~ lulJel1llelllJ11eU 10 C.lm 
pu~ ~atdy after being abuucted on her \Va) to 
class la~1 Tuesday. The sludent. \\hose nallle 
has nOI ocen reit:(bed by campu~ police. es-
caped from hel I-. idnapper afler oclllg held for 
eighl hour!>. 

Sergeanl Boo Jones of the SO Police 
OepUl1menl describcu Ihe kidnapper a~ ,I 19-
20-year-old white male ~ ilh brown hair ,tnd 
brown eye!>. The kidnapper i:-- li\ e feet. :-.even 
inchc,> tall and weigh ... appro 1I1laldy 13010 
150 pounds. According 10 Jones, Ihe I-.Idnap-
per ha~ no di slingui!>hing mark ~ or lallOO!>. 

The vehicle driven hy Ihe kidnaprerwa~ a 
while, four-door hevy orsl 'a wilh cu~tom 
\ hed:--, Jone!> said. 

ccording 10 Ihe police repol1 of lhe im.: i-
dent. Ihe :--tudenl WiL'> walking t c1a.~ ... around 
8 a.m. Tuesday when the suspect approached 
her. Sticl-.illg hb hand in his c at I cket to 
simulate a weapon. the kidnapper forced the 
~Iuden l orf campu~. 

After being driven around Ihe area for 
approximately eight hours, the :-. ludenll11an-
aged to escape in Pacific Beach ;'lr<;lund 4p.l11 . 
The student escaped wilhout physical haml. 
Jones sa id. 

Police speculate that Ihe kidnapper may 
have approached the student bacl-. in January. 
According 10 Jones. the kidnapper may have 
come to the student' son-campus apal1ment 
posing as a magazine solicitor. 

"It's imponant to remind residents that 
soliciting of any sort is illegal in on-campus 
residential areas. If anyone sees any solici-
tors. they 'hould notify police immediately:' 
said Jones. adding that thi would assist po-
lice in their search for the kidnapper. 

Senate Committee 
Approves Davies 

Chancellor Speaks With Students 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

The State Senate Rules Committeeaffirmed 
the appointment of San Diego Lawyer John 
Davies to the UC Board of Regents by a 3-1 
vote last Wedne day, after lengthy testimony 
from groups opposed to Davies' confirmation. 

Davies. a long-time friend of Governor Pete 
Wilson, must receive two-thirds approval on 
the floor of the Senate by the end of the month 
to be confirmed to the 12-year sem, considered 
one of the most prized appointments in the 
state. 

Several public interest group , including 
the UC Student Association (UCSA), Com-
mon Cause, the Latino Issues Forum and the 
National Organization for Woman (NOW) 
were on hand to oppose the nomination, saying 
it violate the con titutional provi ion that the 
regents be "broad I y reflecti ve of the econom ie, 
cultural and social diversityofthe tate, includ-
ing ethnic minorities and women." 

Currently. the 18 appointed members of the 
See DAVIES, Page 3 

FORUM: Atkin on and Watson 
discuss financial aid, budget cuts 
and other issues with students 
By Rltu Saxena 
Slaff Writer 

In a rare opponunity, tudents met with top 
campus administrators on Friday to discuss press-
ing i sues and to question administrative ac-
tions. 

Moderated by As ociated Students Commis-
sioner of Public Relations Matt Mayo, the meet-
ing was an opportunity for students to voice their 
concerns to Chancellor Richard Atkin on and 
Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs Jo-
seph Watson. 

tkinson began the forum with a brief peech 
characterizing the current state of the UC system 
as "worse than the Great Depre ion." Citing 
figure from the last three years, Atkinson said 
that 600 UCSD faculty and staff have been fired 
and that current faculty and taff have not re-
ceived any salary increase within that time 
period. 

"The govemor' proposal for this year's bud-

Dan McDoweli/Guall1lan 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson speaks with 
students during Thursday's meeting. 

get is a di aster for us." he 'aid. adding that all 
faculty and staff members will have to taJ..e a fi ve 
percent salary cut. 

"There i no other univel ity in the COUlllry in 
the last 10 years Ihat 's had a salary ut of any 

See FORUM, Page 7 



2 NEW 

Third Students Debate 
Marshall College 
By francisco DeV ..... 
News Editor 

Third Colleges(udents, taff, fac-
ulty and alumni met Thursday 
evening to voice complaints and 
upport forthe renaming of Third to 

Thurgood Marshall College, in 
memory of the recently deceased 
Supreme Court Justice. 

Many ludent complained that 
theiropinions were not heard before 
Third College Provo t Cecil Lytle 
made the decision to officially re-
quest the name change. The meet-
ing,attended by Lytle, was intended 
to let students address their criti-
ci ms of the current renaming pro-
cess directly to the provost. 

Lytle opened with a 15-minute 
description of why the change was 
made and why it was made without 
more IUdent con ultation. 

He rei terated his feeling that 
Marshall embodie the hi toric phi-
lo ophy of Third College and that 
after23 years, the time has come for 
the college to adopt a name. 

"If it were not for Thurgood 
Marshall, many of us would not be 
sitting in this room ... clearly this is 
an individual that we hould sup-
port," he aid . " It is timely and it is 
appropriate. " 

Lytle spent most of hi presenta-
tion focusing on the technical con-
siderations involved in renaming 
Third College. 

According to Lytle, first -year 
applications to Third College have 
decreased twofold since the UC sys-
tem began allowing prospective . tu-
dents to apply to any number of 
campu. es in 1986. 

urrently.only 10percentofthe 
applicant to UCSD choose Third 
College. ranking lower than the 
number of students who decline to 
choose any college at all on their 
application. 

Lytle allributcd much of that 
deficit to Third \ lack of a name. 

He also said that the renaming 
mu t move forward quickly to al-
low for the development of new 
materials to be used in recruiting 
students for Fall 1994. 

Third College enior Robert 
Glenn wa one of the more outspo-
ken critics of the name change. He 
saidduring the meeting that it "could 
be a big mistake ... it really scares 
me"because there would be no way 
to change the name back. He said 
that the lack of Third applicants 
should be addressed by a more in-
tensive effort to recruit high school 
. [udents in. tead. 

He also added that the name 
"Third" has a history that could be 
lost if the name were changed. He 
cited the apparent lack of student 
awarenes about the student prote t 
that led to the opening of Third 23 
years ago. 

One of the more pas ionateargu-
ments agai nst the proce s was made 
by recent Third College graduate 
Eleanor Castillo. 

She said that when the college 
attempted to rename itself in 
memory of Martin Luther King, Jr., 
- aproces that failed after King's 
widow, orella Scott King, re-
quested that hi nanlenot be used -
the process was "inclu iveofevery-
one." 

She added that "[the 111ird Col-
lege philosophy 1 will be lost if this 
name goes through fbecause] this 
process is wrong." 

After the three-hour meeting, 
many student said that they would 
support the name change. but were 
still uncomfortable with the proce s 
as implemenred by Lytle. 

"The proce s ignored student 
right ... however, that' s not nece -
sari Iy a reason to be agai nst the 
name," said Third College Senior 
Senator to the As iated tudent 
Brian Fischer. "111e name is appro-
priate to our philo ·ophy." 

A.S. Amends Co-op Agreement 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

111e Associated Students pa 'sed 
an amended version of the co-op 
Memorandum ofU nderstanding 011 
Friday, characterizing the move as 
its last anempr to seule the co-op 
crisis. 111e measure officially gnmts 

.S. President Mike Holmes the 
powerto sign the memorandum and 
its attachment on Monday. 

Thccontract. which also include 
space and subspace agreements, was 
updated to reflect someof the changes 
suggested by the co-ops and the ad-
ministration. It pas ed 11 -0- 1. 

However. everal suggestions 
were not included, leaving Holmes 
pes imisticabout the chances it will 
be signed by all partie . 

Holmes said during the meeting 
that the administration's new attor-
ney. Gary Morrison. has requested 
seveml key changes in the docu-
ment which are unacceptable to the 
A.S. and the co·ops. Holmes char-
acterized Morrison as omeone "try-
ing to reinvent the wheel.·' 

After the meeting, Holmes said 
"I don't know what else the A.S. 
could do [if the agreement i re-
jected]." He suspected that the co-
ops and administration will prob-
ably go to court if this version of the 
agreement falls through. 

Thememorandumandit attach-
ments were forwarded to the co-op 
and the administration on Friday, 
but no response is expected unt il 
later this week. 

The UC D Guardian Monday, March 8, J 993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

I'ft'~,"'" lEi G:l! LET 
<Y:)! 'blVi: ooT M. ~ 
GVi .' l'''' CAL~\tI.' I 0\\)11 ~ 
00 MoI,(nI\~6 wQ.ot.lG .' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

r JUc:.T GOr ~ DRll-lt Of 
~T£R! tlJ SAil I C~! 
ST/MIIIfAS ItWt 1'5 * CNE. 'PJ 'NMH! I'M KO, 

I\I~ .' "av.' "E1.P.' 

W'C\.l. l\{.'fRE 
Mi. JfMAl 

~t(TO~\ES. 

~tI I0\<Il'. ~C;KS K "otl 
"'~ OA~ IT Sc.1M. WI.<;. I 
~L"''''is .lIJSi S"'i . ' f I\'IE: 
NolO ~lI-IG£ 1\IE S\l\U£c' r. 

~. ~or 
F\.IJI\Wl~ 
'ITS,. 100 . 

-

'(0\) CERiMNL'i rm 
~~ PLtA<;UR£ CUI 
01' W"'IiIKG roR 

DAffOl)llS . 

Exhibition Will Examine L.A. Riots 
In remembrance of last year's Los Angeles riots, the 

Undergraduate Librarywill exhibit display cases made by 
various UCSD student organizations in reaction to the 
uprising. 

Organizations which have already planned an exhibit 
include the Asian Pacific Islander Student Alliance. 
Baha'i Club. MeChA. UCSD Retirement Association, 
Third College Council, Third College Writing Program, 
Triton Yearbook, the Vietnamese Student Association 
and the Volunteer Connection. The Verdict LA. Commit-
tee is encouraging more student organizations to dis-
play exhibits. 

In conjunction with the Undergraduate Library dis· 
play, there will also be a Grove Gallery exhibit titled 
·Verdict L.A. : A Year to the Day· and will run from April 
29 through June 13. For applications and information, 
call Maryann at 534-6313. 

Chilean Architect to Speak 
On ·Edges and Centers' 

UCSD will present a faculty lecture featuring guest 
speaker Rene Davids, a Chileartborn architect and 
educator currently teaching at the School of Architec-

BtxCJf7'lt: one of us", 

ture . 
In the lecture, titled · Edges and Centers: Davids wi ll 

present the work of the architectural fi rm Davids·Killory 
from its European beginnings to its establishment in 
San Diego fIVe years ago. Known for its emphasis on 
changing social dynamics, the firm 's main concentra-
tion is on urban housing and has received numerous 
design work awards. . 

The lecture will take place on Wednesday, March 10 
at 7 p.m. at MAAC 408. 

A.S. Candidates Must Rle by 
March 24 for Spring Election 

Aling for the 1993-94 Associated Students elections 
will continue through the month of March. 

Applications for A.S. office positions, such as A.S. 
President, Vice President Administrative, Rnance and 
External, Commissioners for Programming and AJ:,a-
demic Affairs, and the various college senators are 
available at the A.S. office on the third floor of the Price 
Center. 

The deadline for applications is March 24 at 4 p.m. 
A.S. elections will be held on April 6-8. 

ERRATUM 
We are now accepting applications for In the Mar. 4 edition of the Guardial/. in the article entitled "New Publication 

Will Focus on the Environment" the 
meeting time for the Student Environ· 
mental Action Coalition (SEAC) was 
incorrect I y listed. SEAC meets on Mon-
days at 5 p.m. and fco Lollicon Tuesday 
at 5:30 p.m. Both meetings are in the 
Student Organizations office. 

ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 
Drop orr your resume. clips or previous wriling and a cover leiter in lhe news 
maitbox 311he Guardian onice. above lheGenemt Slore Co-op. Call Francisco 
DeVries at 534-6580 rormore inronnalion. Deadtine is Friday. March t2. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, GraphICs Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFf NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DEIHIN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
IUUITRATORI: Micha Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan Erlln. Speed Farris. Jennifer 
Hen. DominiC LOOOla. AI.n Lundaren . Moiano Munoz. Kalle Roe . AI Spong 
DIIHINIRS:Joel Amoid. WIlson Cheung. Cindy lin. Marcus Lobbla. Chrtslopher 
Lock 
I'ItOTOGRAPItIRS: Davt<t Cho . Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. jennifer Matthews. 
lori M~cnell. Chock Nguyen. jennIfer Vann 
COPY IIIADERS: MIChelle Ch lang. Non Miller. JessIe Spo1nger. MaH.an T omsen 
TYPIIT: Tim lin 

IIIf t.CSOGoW.wr 1$ po.CJI$I'«I ~ and1l'o.ndlp Me h 1CIdeIric)tOT '" and for Ite_ 
Ii \X:SD. ~ Ii lhs _ "'" bm. wIIeIteo .. wtQe Q' it ~ !Ii1toA pemi$SiOn is 
Slrt:IIy proI\IIiI!d_ CI1993. .. ",.. __ !he l.CSO G.w!fat. is not TtS!lQ'ISilIe tor h ltUm Ii 
1I\!OIldI!d ~ Q' S1. !he_ 0JImS0CI it ~.WId sIpllell!<> Q'~ ell not 
~ rttment Ite oPtttoos Ii !he t.CSD ~ h LitI\oosIIy Ii c.IibrIa. or h Assodated 
SIulerU. !he t.CSD Gu.rNl ~ ~ SOlely '" ~ lis aI:j aV!Tt was ~ bono-' 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVUITlSIIIQ AIIIITANT: Tara Eoff 
lOB DeANDREA, Business M8I1IIIer 

MICttAEL FOULXS, Ad'tertlslrw ManlIfler 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AMtfisirC Desifner 

E. LEIGH HENRY. Classified Represent., ... 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BI.£DSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Edilor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAFF~: Jenny Gatang. Dan Krauss. Matthew ROOlnson. Brett 
Rhyne. Michael Schwlfll. Sheryl WolCott 
StAFFWIIITUII: E1a1neClmuso. KristaCarpenter. AlWI Gartbaldl. Kirsten Ha/vel$on. 
BlItyHwang. ChrtsJenson. Melissa Jacobs. Ga»e JohnSOn. Roderid< Lee. WendyMcNeIlI. 
Theresa Moore. Murall Moorthy. Jutle Pal<. Paul Phillips. Ely R-... Blllr Ridley. Karl 
saUl, RIIU S8>cena, Alella J. Sherman. Jutle SI1efman. Karen SpitCIII. Grecory S~I 

Editorial: 5~. BusIness Office: 5343466. Fax: 5347691 
UCSD GUMIM, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9209~16 
Actu1l4 1OCdOn: 5eccn<I Root. UCSO StUCIInI c.nter BuIIOTnl ." . 

Diego mayor Wilson appointed 
Davies to the City Planning Com-
mission. 

The C 0 Guardian 

DAVIES: Regent 
appointment oppo ed 
for lack of diversity Common Cause policy analy t 

Kim Alexander. who testified 
against Davie 'confirmation, said, 
"We're not trying to ingle out Mr. 
Davies ... we are trying to get the 
Legislature 10 abide by these rules 
that they, along with the voters, 
made." 

Acknow ledging the concern over 
Davies' Status as an affluent white 
male, Killea said. "We do indeed 
need to work on making al1 of our 
bodiesmoreretle tiveofthe tate's 
diversity .. . but to deny a qualified 
appointment on the basi of gender, 
race or econom ic tat us would be an 
unfortunate precedent for this body 
to ·et." 

Now ENROLL! G: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 
Continued from page 1 
board include II white male, ex-
cluding Davies, who has been a 
voting member for the past year 
while awaiting confinnation. In ad-
dition, at least six regent are mil-
lionaires. 

"We need people who have ex-
perienced life from different angles, 
not just the well-off," said UCSD 
Legi lative Advoca te Felipe 
Bolivar. 

Both Alexander and Bolivar ex-
pressed disappointment with the 
Rules Committee's approval, but 
fe lt that their message was getting 
acros . 

" If you want to conclude that the 
board is so lacking in diversi ty, then 
the appropriate thing would be to 
disband the entire board or chal-
lenge it in court," a Killea spokes-
person added. 

~ lu@ Qi]@& lr [}U®~D@W ©@Q!] [f~@ 
by Co[um6ia 2\f,view 

Davies, 58, has come under fire 
not only for being a wealthy white 
male, but al 0 for his personal ties to 
Wilson, whom he has known since 
they attended law school together at 
UC Berkeley in the early 1960s. 

Davies serves as Wilson's per-
sonal attorney, overseei ng the 
governor's blind trust and handling 
his divorce. He has also contributed 
heavily to Wilson's political cam-
paigns, making $33,000 in personal 
donations since 1989. 

Davies has also erved as a p0-
litical advisorlo Wilson, and as San 

TABLE: Stuart 
Art Collection 
welcomes new piece 
Continued from page 1 
stick Park to baggage carousel signs 
in Las Vegas' McCarran Intema-
tional Airport. 

Her work hasal obeendisplayed 
on T-shirts. stickers. benches and 
posters. 

Currently, Holzer's texts can also 

"We didn't kill the appointment 
in comminee but I'm not at all cer-
tain that it will be approved on the 
floor," Alexander said, adding that 
the coalition will continue to lobby 
against Davies' confirmation. 

Senator Lucy Killen (I-San Di-
ego), whose district include UCSD, 
spoke highly of Davies when intro-
ducing the nomination to the com-
mittee. 

"I have a great deal of respect for 
his skill,judiciou ness and thought-
ful commitment to public service," 
she said in a tmnscript of her com-
ments to the committee. 

be seen throughout UCSD and the 
community in the form of posters, 
LED signs on the shuttle buses and 
in 10-second cable-TV pots called 
"Art Breaks." 

Funded by the Russell and Stuart 
Foundations of San Diego, with ad-
ditional support from the National 
Endowment for the Arts, "Green 
Table" joins a host of other works 
located on campus. 

Holzer wu pleased with the 
crowd's reaction to "Green Table." 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
"(i~n ~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Dai 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Bolivar noted that he thought it 
trange that, after Killea introduced 

Davies as a close associate, Davies 
mispronounced her name. 

The one vote again t Davie was 
cast by Ruben S. Ayala (D-Rancho 
Cucamonga). who argued that the 
appointment proces was faulty be-
cause there was no advisory com-
minee hearing prior to the Rules 
Committee hearing, as required by 
a 1973 constitutional amendment. 

The Senate must approve the 
appointment by March 30, one year 
after Davie" nomination by the 
governor. 

'' It gives people apia e to sit, where 
they might want to sit, and [while 
they are I sitting there, s mething 10 
think abo ut." she said. 

The Stuart ollection 's next en-
deavor will involve artist Maria 
Nordman. 111e subject of the piece 
has yet to be detennined. 

Other Stuart Collecti n pieces 
include the recently inaugurated 
'Snake Path,' the talking trees in the 
Central Libmry eucalyptu grove 
and ··Stonehenge." 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIA S TRAI ING PHYSICIA S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
,I TE IVE MCA T prep and filed school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
, An independent progrmn run and taught by dcdicaied UCSD-traincd 

llCadcmic M.D. 'so M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who arc 
M AT EXPERTS 

, Reading and writing wor~.hops taught by a top UCSD E GLISH 
PROFESSOR 

-12 WEEK (150+ hours) ordetailcd in·class instruction and testing. 
problem solving. rcading/wri ting workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies. and tutoring 

,1600 ['AGES of original ta~c·home review nOles and ronnula sheets. 
reading and writing study guides. MCAT and admbsions strategy 
handouts. problem sets and timed exam. written by M AT ex pen 

- REAL 1 AT materials di,tributcd to ,III enrolled students 
,DIRE T 0 TACT with phy~icwm, lind cuncnll1lcdi.al sludents 
,TUTORI IG and M 'AT LIBRARY pnvdcgcs 
- LOWER TUITIO th an olher courses 

~~~ CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 
APPLY NOW! 456-4848 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 

GET RELlEF ••• CET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

bi.;;l;iiiit 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 

Minor Tune Up Special $29:.$55) 
Our tune up includes a lot more than others. II includes: CH I ROPRACTIC WORKS! 1. Spark plugs 

2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 

6. Adjust dwell angte 
7. Check brakes 
S. Check clutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

4. Adjust Timing 11. Check cooling system & h(1ses 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 
12. Road test 

3S-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
. Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1 • CompressIon test 
2. Valve adjustment 11. AdjuSI timing 20. Lube Iront end 28. Check and recharge 
R. place: 12. Adlust elwell angle 21 . Check & replenIsh all batleries. if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. AdluSI carburetor fluid & oil levels 29. Rotate lires (if needed) 
4. Sparl\ plugs. 14. A~lust air & fuel ratio 22. Check electrical syslem 30. Chedltire pressure 
5 Distributor points mlxtule 23. Check for loose & lost 31 . Lube door hInges 
6: Condensers. . 15. Adjust steering box bolts 32. Chedl all hotders 
7. Air filter. 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oif folter. 17. Adlust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas filler . and 18. AdfUSI emergency brakes 26. Check IlghlS . 34. Check exhausl syslem 
10. E~gine 011 19. Che.ck & adjusl exposed 27. Chedl undercarn<\ge 35. Road lesl belts lor damages 
No .. 101 6'0'o.ndo, tars add $20 Toyo .. Suptas. add S30 DalSun 200SX w" h 8 spark plugs. add $35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special Fronlorr~:; · $80} 

We replace: 1. Inslall speCIal new pads Brake job includes: 
1. TransmIssIOn Input shaft 4 . Throwoul bearong or install rear brake shoes 

seaf (excepl Hondas) 5 . PIlot bearongs 2. Draon old brake ftuld 
2. Pressure plate 6 . New Iransmission at! 3. Inspect complele 
3. Clulch dISC 7. Road leSI hydraulic system 

4 Reloll hydraulic fluid 
5 Bleed enure brake system 

6. AdJUSI frOn! (II drums) 
and rear shoes 

7 Replace front rotor 
seals (If rOlor. turn) 

8. Road leSI NOI •. HydraulIC parts are nol """Oled NOllor 4WO Fro,," wheel 
dlwl eKtra. 

____ N_ol_e _H:....ydr_au_hc pans are not Induded 
Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 

All our work has a 2·year or 20,OOO-mlle limited warranty. 
'most cars All prices Include parts and labor, 

overseas 
AuIDmotIve Rlp.1 
•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd, 

695·1990 
With lhis ad. ExpOs 3121/93 

Call tor appointment. 
1"","1 "n ,-,I. I' "'d '.1," j •• I·", .. Ir.lm' P'" Open Saturday 

CALL TODAY fOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 558-3600 

• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

r ---- ----------------, 

2TANs$1: : I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days $2g99 1 I 

I - r 
'-- ------

Wolff Beds • Facial Tamers I I 
____ ~~S:~~tut~) _____ ~ 

r ------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I I I Guaranteed ... $48 -$96 " I/ost 11 inches, and my jeans I 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it!" I I -Mindy, San Diego Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting, Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 
I ~~~ ~NGLE La Jolla "t. Lorna SU1:e Coltcee I I 3251 Holl,uy Ct. 455-0952 224-9127 697·8014 I 

acr~!I !ltrut from EI Tonto "aelflc 5eac:h Ml5slon Valley La ~a ) ~~~~ ____ 31-0000 ___ 32~~9~ ___ 697-80~_/ 



40PlNlON 

• 

You won't see any refonns that really 
matter as long as unprincipled bureaucrats, 
political hucksters and incllll1bent 
congressmen are running the government 
By Matthew Robinson 
Senior Staff Writer 

f you want to scare a liberal today. then 
ment ion the words "balanced budget amend-
ment." Liberals react like a vampire to garlic 
when you stan talking about real refoffil and 
fiscal restraints lIlat have teeth. TIley cringe. 
make excu~. curse and wail. In facl. liber-
al are very mu h like vampires. TIley suck 
an economy of its life-blood in an effon to 
~atiate a deadly par.lSitic appeti te. 

Of COUr.,(!. Bill linton walks around like he's ~ponillg a 
real wooden ~take . But umil you '>CC some ~[nI tuml changes 
III congn:.\.\ional ~pending. cvcrylhing Bill limon and the 
Democml, '<ly I, ubout .. " u\Cful :l' .In 1Il~ mercia\. "The 
ml!i ~Ige sounds good. but \\ hat they're !>elling jlN co~~ a 
pi le of dough and only contnbllte~ to the Junt- around the 
house. 

h doe,n't take a geniw, to realile that the gu "in harge 
of the fiscal fia.'>(.'1JC.'> of the p~t fe\\ decades have been 
Democmt\. ince World War 11. for eve!) dollar ongl ~ 
ha.\ rJi,ed t:t\e..\. it hm, illLn:J.~ txnding $1.59, nd do y u 
remember when a Democr.uic ongre\!> pr mbed Bush in 
the 1990 budget a!,rnxmcnt th:lI If hI! Jgr.:ed to f:1I'IC taAr-~' 
Congre."" would Institute .. enous control on ~pending'!" 
What wa~ the r~ult'! An explo~ion 111 the defiCH. the 
\CrJpping of Gnumn-Rudman :md $2.37 wOM of new 
spending for eve I)' dollar of new revenue. 

Therefore. hearing Bill Clinton telling u; that he 1\ going 
to hange government when the same group of huck~te~. 

mounteban~ :md leechc\ ,it in of1ice i. a little like 1nI't1ng 
" mafio50 to refotm the "way we do [hing~ in the cnme 
world." At I~t mati~, have 10 re;lct to market forcc:\. 

To add to the appear-mce f refonm, Bill linton ~cm~ 
to have caught Jerry BrO\\11ili~. An number wl,ong. 
bureau rats is not going to accompli~h a thing. HO\~ ~tupid 
do ou have to be to think that bureaucm~ whispering t I 
Gore that "Fred down the hall is wasting scmt h paper" is 
going to make govemmel1l efficient? A bure.:lucrJt would 
not volunt:uily give up hb job if it meant the future of the 
hum:m race. 

See REFORM, Page 6 

The UC 0 GU8["ciian Monday, March 8, 1993 

PINION 
CO •• INTARIIS 

e ouse 
President Clinton's communication 
with the public has already established 
a positive new relationship between 
government and the American people 
By John Ratliff 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

early three week have passed 
inee Pre ident Clinton presented 

his economic plan to the Ameri-
can people. and de pite kepti-
ci m fromcongresspeoplecn both 
sides of the aisle. and scathing 
criticism from political pundits 
ranging all 

the way from Jerry Brown on the left to Mall Robinson 
on the right. poll show solid levels of two-to-one suppon 
for the president and hi plan. Why is th is? 

1 would argue that the e high and ustained level of 
suppon are not primarily a function of the specific 
content of the plan. but rather expre s a widespread 
admiration for linton' energeti willingnes to take 
respon ibil ityformovi ng thecounrry forward.CanClinton 
realize his promise? Can people's faith in governrnent be 
reconstructed? Right now. the majority of Americans are 
wi ll ing to give the pre ident a chance. but it' s not an act 
of blind faith . . 

The entire thrust of Bil l Clinton's political career i the 
re onstruction of a relat ion hip of trust between gov-

ernment and the cit izenry, based on a renewed sense 
of government re ponsivene s and a rev ival of 

civic responsibility, In the America of the 
19905, thi i a vel)' hard sell. It involves 

dealing wi th a deeply rooted mistrust of 
government borne from the bleak choice 

between a traditional Democratic rheto-
ric of social sol ut ions being supplied 

by a coercive, culturall y eli tist state. 
See CLINTON, Page 5 

II , 

1'1 

Monday , March 8,1993 The UC D Guardian PIN ION 5 

ELECTING THE WEASELS TO GUARD THE HENHOUSE 
COMMENMY: 'The problem with government refonn is not with the president or Congress - the problem is with the American voter 

By PhlHp MIc ..... 
Opinion Editor 

It was toward the end of Bill 
Clinton's epic-length speech to Con-
gress that he turned to the senators 
and congres men to talk about re-
forminggovernmenl. Clinton was the 
man, after all , who performed 
"change" acrobatic.s throughout hi 
campaign , and as any dutiful College 
Democrat will tell you, the CI inton 
victory means that "we've taken back 
our government" (though you might 
have a hard time convincing the gov-
ernment of this fact .. . ). 

The pre ident poke earnestly 
about restoring faith in government. 
He begged. he pleaded, he cajoled, he 
threatened - we've got to start tow-
ing the line, the president said. before 
cynicism and di tru t reach gargan-
tuan proponions. And Congress, bl 
its hearl, applauded respectfully and 
nodded its collective head in olemn 
unison. Ye indeed, Congress con-
curred, something has got to be done 
about this government problem -
though we're not actually ure what 
that something should be. 

lt was an inspiring moment for 
democracy - President Clinton and 
Congres , the bigge t, baddest tag-

CLINTON: The 
governrnentrnustbe 
responsive to the people 
ContInued from page 4 
and Republican rhetoric founded on 
the belief that the only legitimate or-
ganizing principles in society are those 
of market-based self-interest. For too 
long. Americans have seen them-
selves as faced with the choice be-
tween the party of the victims and the 
party of the victimizers. 

Early last year, it seemed that their 
response would be a wave of populist 
backJash again t the sy tern; a sen e 
of voter rebelliousnes fueled the can-
didaciesofPat Buchanan, Jerry Brown 
and, most imponantly, Ross Perot. 
Clinton has shown him el fto be more 
than willing to embmce the populist 
rhetoric of those outsiders, but his 
strategy i quite different. 

Unlike Jerry Brown, for example, 
who wants to destroy the existing 

team in history, sallying fOrlh to van-
qui h the inister hobgoblin of Re-
publican misrule. While that' s cer-
tainly a stirring image, the problem 
remains that any substantive govern-
ment reform coming outoftheClinton 
admini tration i about as likely as 
that big Bay City Rollers reunion 
tour. 

Bill Clinton isn 't the problem here. 
For alii know, he's a wonderful man 
who's not at all like the glad-handing 
huckster that he appears to be. 1'm 
willing to give him the benefit of the 
doubt that he lies awake at night wor-
I)'ing about such things. 0, the prob-
lem with government refon" lie 
squarely on the shoulders of Con-
gress. 

A lot of people forget that while 
RonaldReaganandGeorgeBu hwere 
running around evicting people from 
their homes, shooting welfare recipi -
ents and giving more money to their 
rich . jerky pal , the Democrats were 
firmly in control of Congress. That 
mean a lot of the problems Clinton is 
carping about right now - the defi -
cit, to name one - are here today 
because Congress has been screwing 
the pooch for years. 

Thi is not to say that Reagan and 

Democratic Pany in order to replace 
it with his own, purified version, 
Clinton ha taken on the task of re-
building and reviving the ex i ting 
party structure by, in effect, tl)' iJ1g to 
scare the democratic political sy tem 
into acting more responsibly with the 
prospect of the political chaos that 
would ensue from a Carter-like fail -
ure of the Cl inton presidency. 

Clinton has introduced a rhetoric 
and a plan involving a vi tal role for 
activi t government, while recogniz-
ing that it must be seen as being in 
touch with and responsive to the needs 
and value of ordinary citizens. 

Part of his effon to make govem-
ment more respon ive has been sym-
bolic: cutting the White House staff 
and appearing at televised town meet-
ings and on MTV to take the que -
tions of ordinary citizen. for ex-
ample. 

But he has also made specific 
proposals to set limits on campaign 
fin ancing, require lobbyists to regis-

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors . If you have any questions, call u s at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305) . 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR SPRING 93 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY APRIL 9 3 PM 

ERGRADUATE 
CHOLASTIC 

RANTS 

11Ie succesaful denizen 
of CongrMs do .... 't .. we 
two hoots about ethics 
or the pubic trust. 
Reckless spending Mel 
the accumulation of 
power .. the hallmarb 
of a first-rate legislator. 
Bush are without blame for lousing 
thing up - they pent money like it 
was going out of tyle. But Congress 
declaring its innocence fort he screw-
up of the la t 12 year is kind of like 
Charles Man on blam ing it on the 
booze. Quite simply, Congres. is up 
to its eyeballs in bureaucratic swill. 
and it' quitecomforlable there, thank 
yo u vel)' much. 

The usual suspects who mn amok 
in the Capitol building during the 
Reagan-Bush years are till firmly 

President Clinton will, 
appropriately, be 
judged by the American 
people on his ability to 
turn the promise of his 
rhetoric Into the reality 
of chMged policy: a 
revived economy, a 
streamlined, more 
responsive 
government. 

Guardian issue 

till 

Spring Quarter 

THIS 
THURSDAY 

entrenched, rolling out the pork and 
getting rich off the public dole. Only 
death or a major scandal, it eems. 
canun eat an incumbent, and as Sena-
tor Kennedy has shown, it better be 
one hell of a scandal. 

The succes ful denizen of Con-
gress doe n't give two hoots about 
such blather like ethics or the public 
tru t. Reckless spending and the per-
onal accumulation of power and 

perks are the hallmarks of a first-rate 
legislator. 

Take Barbam Boxe r, for example. 
who as a congresswoman. spent good 
money after bau on every half-coc ked 
scheme which came down the pit-e. 
Alleast. she did this when he wasn't 
busy bouncing check or voting her-
se lf a pay rai se. In another job. Boxer 
would have been shown the door long 
ago. In politics, he got promoted-
voters elected hen o the Senate under 
that contemptible " Year of the 
Woman" rubri . 

TIle hopelessly na'lve wi ll argue 
Il,at Congress has seen a particularly 
high turnover recently. In last year's 
election, over 100 new faces were 
sent 10 the House of Representatives, 
But this is somewhat misleading-
the vast majority of the e new face 

ter. and to remove the !<IX deduction 
for lobbying activity-proposal s that 
are meeting ob (ruction and resistance 
from many Democrats in Congre s. 

No doubt. Clinton is motiv;lIed in 
pari by the fact that he received only 
43 percent of the popular vote and 
needs to attract significant support 
from Perot voters to form a stable 
long-term Democratic majority. But 
is President Clinton' s move in the 
direction of more open, responsive 
government rea l, or merely the rheto-
ric of a politician? 

Clinton's greatest strength - and 
his greatest liabil ity - is that he is, 
manife tly and completely. a pOliti-
cian. He seems to revel in all aspect~ 
of the democratic political process 
and recognizes no clear division be-
tween campaigning and govern ing. 
While he has jumped into the di ffic ult 
balancing act of dealing with the re-
alities of interest group politics of 
Washington. he clearly recognizes that 
he can only be successful by going 

are the ame old qu ibbled ick , 
boneheads and hacks who have been 
mucking up local and state govern-
ment for years. 

In my hometown of Danv i lle. Cali-
fornia, the voters sent Bil l Baker. a 
six-ten" state assemblyman. to Wash-
ington. For most of his tenure in Sac-
ramento, Bakerwas the tailgunner for 
George Deukmeijian and Pete Wil-
son during the annual budget blood-
letting. So impressed were the citi-
zens of Danville wilh the way Baker 
helped paralyze the government that 
they sent him off to Congress where 
he C:1Il wreak equal to greater h"voc. 

Perhaps. then. the problem is not 
with Clinton or Congress. Perhaps. 
we, the voters, are to blame. Election 
year after election year. we send the 
same parade of wl!llsels back to guard 
the henhouse. And then we act sur-
prised and dismayed at rhe camage 
that ensues. 

As long as the same cast of charac-
ters popUlate the branches of govem-
ment . there wi ll never be any serious 
refoml. The president and Congress 
can onl y bear part of the blame forthe 
problems that face th is nation. Unfor-
tunately, the biggest culpri t happens 
to be the rest of us. 

around Washington - to Congre~~ 
and the piranha press - and laking 
his case directly to the people. 

Recently. friend and foe alike hav\! 
described him :1, a "great ~alesman." 
I would contend that any effective 
poli tical leader in a democracy must 
be. among other things, a great sales-
man. But the reality is that any sale a 
president make. cOl11e~ with a four-
year limit. before the deal must be 
closed all over again. 

Pre.> ident Clinton will. appropri-
ately. be judged by the Amcrican 
people on his ability to turn the prolll-
be of his rhetoric into the reality of 
changed pol icy: a revived economy. a 
streamlined. 1110re respon~ivc gov-
ernment. 

While I think we need to have the 
patience to give him a chance. ~ug­
gestion and criticism within the con-
text of a shared commitment to a 
community (a role Ithink Ross Perot. 
at least on his better days, is playing) 
can only help him do a better job. 



60PrNION 

"To Beer or not to Beer!!. 

Ensenada Mexico Rosarito 
Info (619) 272 9088 

Pa as & 8eer Pa As&.8eer PA As&8eer 

Artists that listen. 
Before yo",. "ext hai,. appoi"tmellt tlJillk 
about tlJese qllestiotls ... 
Q. 

Q. 

II 1111 / I' I'UI/ r ht // I dUII/,~ 
//1t1/ ) 'UI/ 1/ '(/1// 1/ /u 
(U I//IIII/( ' dll/llg ;, 

II /11// I' )'"" r /1m r 
d(llllg //111/ )'"'' tI(l1/ / 
,, '( //1/ 1/ /" II(' dUII/.~ ;, 

Q. II ',lIld I'"'' 1t~'I' '(III/( ' 
f"/l/.~ 1/(' " (///(1.1,1/1 " 1'111 ' 

MensCuts $4 
OFF 
(Reg. S2U)O) 

WomensCuts 
$5 

OFF 
HAIR 

SKIN 
NAILS 

MAKE THE RIGHT 
$:n CHOICE! 

~ARREN [CJOLLEGE 
uncil Elections 

are Con71l1g 0011!! 

All Position Available! 

Pick. Up Application ,' at 
Dean's ffice 

( "Ild t loPt' I I( B1d~ ) 

~DllC March 29th at J:OO p.nl. 
L 

13 '- I Pl or I- \: 

The UC D Guardjan 

REFORM: We 
need to favor the 
taxpayer, not Congress 
ContIn'" from pap 4 

Every year, the Congressional Bud-
get OffICe, the General Accounting 
Office, numerous congressmen and in-
dependent congressional watchdog 
recorrunend spending cuts of every va-
riety. And yet the Democratic majority 
in Congress has IlOl acted. The Grace 
Commission, a pecial sW'Vey by busi-
ness executives who donated $75 mil-
lion of their own time and resourres, 
recommended billions of doUars of as-
yet unimplemented cuts. And bureau-
crats, cloistered from the world in their 
windowless room and insulated from 
competilion, will never work 10 see their 
departments removed. 

Tme reform, not bromides, means 
changing the incentives in Congress 
from favoring the big pender to favor-
ing the taxpayerand responsible citizen. 
In OIher words, government refonn 
means structural political refonn that 
gives the citizen incentives to organize 
and make sure money is nOl wasted. 
U mil then , interest groups and the waste-
ful , eternal Democrats will continue to 
pend until doomsday. 

Because there are more than 112 
million taxpayers in this country, it is 
very diffICult to organize taxpayers, 
whereas lobbyists and special interests, 
though small, are organized to get con-
gressmen to chuck swag. A bill should 
be passed which mandates that for ev-
ery billion doUars cut in programs and 
pending, that money is to be returned to 

the taxpayer in the form of tax relief. 
Although in a government like ours, this 
may seem a mere pittance. it would 
provide the incentive for taxpayers to 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Car 

Bikes 

Oeals 

organize and urge congressmen toaent-
ally cut spending. 

Right now, a few dollars wasted on 
Japanese quail mating srudies can be 
rammed through legislation. but in a 
cost<onscious and thrifty government 
demanded by a taxpayer who foots the 
bill and can get that money back, Con-
gress would be forced to act like some-
thing OIher than a bunch of dmnken 
sailors. Then, that taxpayer can spend 
his money on something better, like 
getting kids vaccinated or ealing Japa-
nese quail. 

Congress should establish what Citi-
zens Against Government Waste calls 
"measurable performance goals. " What 
this means is requiring government pr0-
grams to publish and prove what they 
have accomplished, and if they do nOl 
fulfill the goals they were eslablished 
for, they should be eliminated. 

Congress should have to live with 
every one of its civil rights, worker 
safety and envirorunental laWs. It is 
ridiculous for Congress to exempt itself 
from the laws it makes. Legislators who 
can think of themselves as above the 
law will inevitably corrupt the very 
hean of legislative process. Imagine 
how long Senators Packwood and 
Kennedy would last if they had to live 
with the sexual harassment legislation 
they want everyone else to live with. 

Every year, seven percent of the 
federal work force retires, leavesordies. 
There are 2.3 million federal employ-
ees, IlOl iocluding postal and military. 
Why not let this seven percent leave 
without being replaced? It 's simple and 

Mon lay, March 8, 1993 

easy, Even if cut 25 pen;ent. the 1.6 
million federal employees would be 
twice as many 3l under FDR at the 
heigh t of the New Deal. Thi 
"downsizing"would save $20 billion in 
the flfSl year alone. By the fifth year a 
total of $300 billion would be saved. 

The president should be gi ven a line-
item veto. Because the president mUSl 
react to a broader consrirueocy, he can 
look above the individual interest and 
parochial concerns much better, thus 
saving money. 

Congressmen houldhave toreduce 
the size of their staff . This would limit 
iocumbent advantage, shrink the size 
and complexity of legislation (legisla-
tors would then have to read their laws), 
and it would also cut down on the 
midnight deals which allow shameless 
pot4c. -barreling. 

Congress needs a balarJCed budget 
amendment. It has proven it is iocapable 
of the necessary self-discipline to con-
trol our money and therefore needs 
strong fiscal guides from outside of 
Congress. In fact, th is is what separates 
those who only pay lipservice to reform 
from those of us who know Congress 
can't do it by itself. 

You will not see any of these re-
form , precisely because it would re-
quire a president of conviction andcour-
age to take on a Congress which has 
been the real problem in wasting money 
and creating desrructive legislation. Bill 
Ginton is not this man because, despite 
his talk of being a messiah, he panics at 
the lightest rocking of the disciples' 
boat. 

The budget problem is a political 
problem. first and foremost. Congress is 
structured so big- penders and theiryes-
men walk away the real winners. The 
American taxpayer ends up paying for 
every dream of utopia 

The 
Third Helen 

College Edison 
and Lecture 

=== Serles 

Poetic justice: 
Steals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Race, Grammar, 
and Glamour 

' urfboard 

Auto Repair 

Sale 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Baby iners 

Computer 

Tutor 
and more in 
J"he Guardiall 
Cln" ilic!l\. 
What do 

.rOil necd '~ 

The Guardian 
upst Irs In the 

:student Cel'llc'. 
bove the 

GC'nerai Store. 

Ci 
". 

c: 
.. 

...J 
c: 
. ~ 
cD 

TONI MORRISON 
Winner of the 1988 Pulitzer Prize 

for the novel Beloved 
Free Public Lecture 

7:00 p.m., Wednesday 
March 10, 1993 

Price Center Ballroom 
For more Information call 534-3400. 

Mondoy, Morch 8, 1993 

FORUM: 
Student meet with 
administrators 
Continued from page 1 
Ort:' he added. 

tkinson explained that his goals 
are to preserve the university through 
th i s di fficu It period and to maintai n 

UCCes! to the university by not cutting 
back the size of the entering classes. 

One of the first question raised 
by student concerned the la k of 
financial aid. AccordingtoAtkinson, 
one-third of evety dollar of fees is 
allocated to finan ial aid . He added 
that there are continu ing effort to 
rai escholarshipmoney through pri-
vatedonations. Watsollagreed, ug-

The UC D Guardian 

ge ting the po ibility of a IO-kilo-
meter run as a fundraising event. 

An ther i sue concerned report 
of the dispropot1ional increase in 
the nurnberof adrnini trators to fa -
ulty and taff. Atki nson said there 
was cOIl ' idemble truth to the state-
ment at other UC campuses, but not 
at UCSD. He explained that there 
are many people employed at SD 

• 

omt e 

who are paid by various federal 
re~earch programs independent of 
state funds. 

Many student, al so voiced con-
cerns about the perceived lack of 
communi,',llion between the admin-
iSII'at ion and the students. Atkinson 
said that. despite their repUiations. 
both he and Watson agree that the 
administration as a whole has been 

• 

agamst unger. 
, 

eresyour 
weapon. 

working to addres. ~tudent issues, 
"We take student input vCly seri-
ou Iy." Wms.:in said. 

According to mo~t ~tudent ~ . the 
forum was a success. Polit ical Sci-
ence graduate tudent Paul Eykamp, 
who has anended previous forums. 
de~nibed the late:. t as "one of the 
best so far - there were a lot of 
es ential questions rai sed." 

OUT goal? To help buy 1,000,000 meals· 
for America's hungry. And you can take part 

Noweach time you 
use the Card, you help 

buy a meal for 
a hungry person. 

SOS does. They see to it that the food is deliv-
ered to tl10se who need it. In fact, they've 

just by using the American Express Card. 
You see, each time you charge a purchase to the Card 
~n March 15 and April 30, 1993, you help pay for one meal. 
The more purchases you make, no matter h(1.V big or small, 
the.more meals you help provide. It's that simple. 

Th make it all work, Wf''fe teamed up with Share OUT 
Strength, a nationwide non-profit organization fighting to 
end hunger. They're doing It in some very resoun:eful ways. 

For example, roost restaur.mls have extra food at the end 
of the night, but they don"t .. know what to do with it 

mobilized more than 5000 re.staurants to join 
the fight against hunger, here in the U,S. and around the world. 

So remember, now one of the most valuable reasons to use 
the Card isn't for what you can get, but for what you give. 

If you're not currently a Cardmember, but would like to 
apply, please caU Us at 1-800-36S-AMEX. 

The American Express- Card. 
When you reach for it, you reach oul to htJp others. 

'American Expres will donate $.09 per II'IIISICIloe, up to *90,000, I ..... 
01 J ,000,000 mWs. DooIIJon is not deduclible ror lIICOIIIt III purJIIIIMI. 



8 The C D Guardian Monda , Mu r'ch 8. J 993 

--------------- --------, 

Page 

Measuring the Greenhouse Enect 
Scientists use solUld to detect ocean wanning 

B y Eri c Schmidt. 

obody knows for sure 
whether or nO( human in-
dustrial gases will destroy 
theearth' climatebyheal-
ingtheplanet into a desert. 
However. a group of sci-
entists has now found a 
way to demonstrate once 
and for all whether or not 

the industrial gases whi hare celcrJting the 
"greenh use effect" will heat the planet be-
yond the point of repair. The sciemi ts, led by 
S ripps Institution of Oceanogmphy Profes-
sor Walter Munk. will tt&t the effect of atmo-

~pheric pollutants u~ing oceanography. n t 
meteorology. 

Silting in his European-!>tyle home on the 
La Jolla cliffs over! king the Pacific Oce.an. 
Munk d~ribed hl ~ new project, which will 
tmck the temperature of the ocean overthe next 
fi ve to 10 years to I k for signs f global 
waml ing. " It i ~ the fiN direct observation of 
global climate change. [We will see if man's 
induSUYI hascrcJtcd a wanning !rend in actual 
heal conlent." Munk said. 

Meteorologists who measure air tempera-
ture can never agree on global wanning be-
caLL'>e air tcmpemture varies from place to 
place. Munk 's me;lSurementsof deep-seatem-
perature, however, will coverthe emire Pacifi 
Ocean ;md not be ~ubjected 10 such I al 
vllganes. He expects his results will be occu-
nue within one-thousandth of a degree. 

Munk said he willl t the ocean temperJ-
ture by sending 11 low-frequency signal acro~ 
the entire Pacific Ocean. 1l1C 70-heru sound 

What is the 

• It is an atmospheric layer of molecules 
such as carbon dioxide which keeps the 
earth above freezing temperatures. The 
layer insulates the earth like a blanket. 

• That the greenhouse effect exists is 
not in question. The worry is that excess 
greenhouse gases added to the atmo-
sphere by human indust!y will heighten 
the warming caused by the greenhouse 
effect. The blanket will thicken, and the 
planet will heat. 

• Researchers 
like Munk are 
trying to deter-
mine whether the 
thickening of the 

greenhouse 
blanket will wanTl the 

earth or whether the earth is compen-
sating for the increase. 

Graphics by Roger Kuo/ Guardian 

e llior Staff Writer 

wi ll tmvel between a -.ending SlOOon and a 
receivereitheronee per day orseveml times per 
week, Munk said. 

Sending musical bytes aero the ocean is 
justone ep beyond the sonar games played by 
submarines, but the method will be extremely 
sensitive to the tempemrure of the ocean. 

In fact, the project will use SOI11C of the 
existing infrJ5lnJcture built by !he military used 
to detect ubmarines. 

TheS35millionproject,known A ous-
ti Thermometry of 0 ean Climate 
( TOC), relies on the imple response of 
~und to temperature. according to 
project Technical DirectorDavid Hyde. 
1lle sound willlrJvel fa!>ter in a wann 
oce.'\I1 than it will in a cold ean. The 
time of travel, ~n~itivc to 20 mil -
lionth, of u second, should translate 
into accurate temper.ltures, Hyde 
lXlid. 

Thus. sound emitted from a box 
placed off of the olthem CaJifomia 
coast will tal..e longer to re;lCh a re-
cei vcr in the ocean off ew Zealand if 
the water is colder. 1lle effect can be 
quite pronounced to scientists; the dif-
ferenee in tr,lYel time between ummer 
and winter i predicted to be one-half 
second. Mw1k said. 

tudying ubtle changes in the ocean for 
evidence of greenhouse wanning i not a new 
idea. Many studiesrevolvingaround the ocean's 
effects on climate are underway. 

"l11Cre b no di 'ugreen1Cnt on the fact that 
the e;U1S playa significant role on the earth. 
I there were no oceans, the greenhouse effect 
would probably two to three times larger." 
Munk said. 

The ocean' power to restrain the green-
house effect stems from two main oceani 
properties. Farst. water can absorb a 10( of hem 
without asignificant temperaturechange. Also, 
the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide, blamed for 
most global warming. i absorbed teadily into 
the ean as carbonic acid. 

1l1C main problem with other studies that 
have used the ocean tocheck forclimatechange 
is that they usually measure the ocean 'ssurface 
temperature, whi h is subject to temporary 
climate effects. The use of satellites i also 
problematic since result are affected by clouds 
and depressions in the ocean caused both by 
temperature and gravity. 

In addition. local tempemturemeasurements 
can make confusing readings. For example, a 
surface measurement localized near CaJifomia 
would most strongly detect EI Niiio this year 
and incorrectly igna! a warming trend. 

Because there is so much variation in tem-
pemture acro the Pa itic Ocean, measuring 
local spots an be highly inaccurate. Along the 
path of Munk's experiment, there are about 10 
billion areas of different temperatures. and 
measuring all of them would be difficult. ex-
pensive and time<on uming. 

The acoustic experiment headed by Munk 
will hopefully circumvent the problem oftem-
perJture variabiLity. By sending an acoustic 
sound across the ean, Munk' researchers 
will detennine an average of the 10 billion 
tempemrure "cells" along the sound path. 

Munk likened the diffICulties of localized 
temperature measurements to chemical mea-
surements. 'Ilf you want to know that a beaker 
is getting wanner, you don't want to measure 
the speed of each water molecule. You want to 

'0 Source 
b Receiver 

• The ATOC project will send sound between sources and receivers in the Pacific Ocean. 

use a thermol11Cter." 11C said. 
Munk emphasized that even if !he acoustic 

model wor1<s, it will not replace more conven-
tional methods of ocean tempemture detection. 
lnstead, it will be used in conjunction with 
ex isting methods. 

[n fact, theexperimem may nO( work. '"The 
goals are high and the risks are signiticant," 
Munk said. 

In the ATOC projecL "We're trying to 
validate acoustic models of ocean climate," 
Hyde aid. Exisringmethodsofoceantempera~ 
ture testing will be used to validate the project. 

For example, a ship will follow the sound 
waves' path through the ocean. dropping a box 
attached to an antenna every 12 kilometers or 
o. Thebox will sink one kilometer under water 

and measure temperature and salinity. SUCh 
data. taken overthe5,OOO tlnd 10,000 kilometer 
experimental path will help verify accuracy. 

Such prin1itive experiments are expensive, 
according to Hyde, since hips are costly to run' 
and the testing devices are expendable. • 

The experimental sources will be posi-
tioned 0r1C kilometer beneath the waves, ince 
this is the optimum area for sound. "Typically \ 
thereisa I,OOOmecerregionwheresoundspced 
is at a minimum and waves are refracted at a 
minimum," Munk said. 

Rene Bruckner/Guardian 

This minimum is related to !he faet that the 
travel of sound is proportional both to temperJ-
ture and pressure. At depths below one kilome-
ter the ocean' immense pressure begins to 
affect the sound, and above one kilol11Ctert.em-
perarure most influences the sound's path. 

The A TOe project, to begin with receivers 
placed off California and New Zealand and 
sources located off Califomia and Kauai, Ha-
waii, will commence within the next year. ac-
cording to Munk and Hyde . 

'. ~ International locations will also,be tested by 
various teams. Projects are planned for the 
Indian ,the South Atlantic andtheArcticOceans. 

However. acoustically testing the tempera-
ture of Arctic waters has posed several prob-

· lems. Changes in ice cover and temperature 
affect the sound in unresolvable ways . 

The roughness of the ice, a factorwhich may 
depend on the age of !he ice, also changes the 
signal of the sound. One solution. involving a 
lowerfrequencysound,mayminimize the"scat-

· t~g" caused by the ice, Munk said. 
These international efforts will begin SOI11C-

time in !he future, but !he initial phase of A TOe 
· wiD stick to the PacifIC. 

. "Starting in the PacifIC is not the best place, 
but we live here," said Munk. motioning out his 
window over the ocean's expanse. 

Monday . Man'h 8, 1993 

ISCAFE 
904 Pearl Street • La Jolla 

VIDEO 
EXTRAS 

NEEDED!!! 
MARCH 10TH 8pm 

Filming begins • 9prn 

DISCAFE 
TO BE FEATURED IN 

REKLESS 
ABANDON 

MUSIC VIDEO 

T he C. 0 Gmu'dia n 

Listening 
Parties 

Marcil 8th · Lenny Kravits 
witll Free Promotional Gifts 

March 22th· Depeche Mode 

Live Music 
March 10· Rekless A bandon 

March 17 • Skin Bus 

March 24 • Blacksmith Union 

March 31 • Whack 

W INT E R Q UA RT ER R EGIST RATIO 

Student DEFERRED 
PAYMENT PLAN 

The Bursar's Office is acceptillg Deferred Payment 
Plan app!ications/rom studellts who have enrolled for 
spring quarter alld who are in good academic and 

financial standing. For a $25 nonrefllndable fee, the 
Deferred Paymelll Plall allows studellls to pay their 
registration fees ill three illstallmellfs. 

Simple Gild easy-to-complete applicatiolls are 

availahle at the Bursar's Office. 

B URS AR'S OFF ICE 
21l UC 
Hour: M-F 9:00 am-4: 00 pm 

Solutions from your Apple Campus Re.e ller: 
the computer you'll u se in sch_1 and after school. 

ite possib~y, the only 
in your life that wont 

ge r college. 

The new Macinto h Centris~ 610 computer has all the 
power you'll need today-and tomorrow. Us 68040 chip 
speeds through word processing, spreadsheet and graphics 
programs. It's expandable up to 68MB of RAM, giving you 
lots of room to grow. And, Macintosll is the most compatible 

personal computer you can buy. See the new Macintosh 
Centris 610 today at your Apple Campus Reseller. Where you'll 
get special rudent pricing, as weU as service during coUege~ 
And discover the power more tudents choo e. The _ 
power of Macinto h. The power to be your be r _ 

LJI'" S[ ] 
B<"'>(JK~~' <">'11 

computer ' center • 534-4291 • mon-frl 8am-6pm, sat 10am-Spm 

1 
I 

- - -. r 



10 ALENDAR 

academic services 
Mondsy Ihrou,h Friday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m.) - TIle 
OASIS Lan,u.,. Pro,r.m prOvideS 
assistance to students WhOse nat IVe language 
is not English and 10 those doing work In 
Japanese, German. Spanish. French and 
Vietnamese. A diagnost ic test on written 
EngliSh Is available on request . Call 534-
2284 for Info. (weekly) 
. 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASlS!lchcUrs' 
WIItInC WOIbhop provides free indMdual and 
woupconferences to assist stUdents witn writing 
projeCtS. SWW alSO offers tree word processlre 
facllotles and comoutef asslStanee. StOP by YOlk 
Hall 4010 or caH 534-7344 to SChedule an 
appointment. (wee~ly) 
• 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
M........,t Center help)QU this quartef with 
time ITlaI\8Qement, note taklre and edq 
textbook analysis, memory. flexible/speed 
readire. \OC8I>UlarydeYelOPrllent andGRE/lSA T / 
MCAT verbal ccmprehenslon. Stop by YOlk Hall 
4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointmen1. Also. stay on the lookout forlhose 
valuable OASIS StUC1)' Skills WoII<5hOP and the 
GRE Weekend Specials. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. - The OASIS Wrttln, 
Center Is a tree seMce for all UCSD students. 
We offer one to one wilting conferences for 
any type ofwnting prOjeCl- academic papers, 
personal statements. even stories and poems. 
Our staff ot trained undergraduates. who 
come trom a varoety ot academIC diSCiplines. 
can help you become a more effective wroter. 
Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or 
dlop by our office In the old Student Center. 
BUII<llng A. Room 214. (weekly) 

MOnday. March 8 
• 3 p.m. - Study In Britain, Australia, 
Austria, China. France. Italy, Mexico. Russla 
or Spain " Come to an AIFS Into session at the 
International Cenler confe rence room. 
Sponsored by the Programs AbrOad Office. 

Wednesday. March 10 
. 7 p.m. - F1tMsa...t NutrItIon - vouWln leam 

lectures 
technIQues for deseure ondM:!uaI fitness and 

nutr~oon programs The session WIll also focus on 
lrethods for mplement!r€ and evallk-.ure )'Ol>' 
f'CH. heaitnler Ide<;t~. Procc Center Gallery B. 

rhursClay. March 11 
. 79 pm - "Intercrosslng: 51. Poets from 
Taiwan" -Poetry readlngsponsored t>yDept. 
of Literature/ Visual Ans/Chlnese Studies 
Program. 408 Matthews Campus (Center for 
Research In Computing & thc Arts). Flee. 

FT/day. March 12 
• 12 p.m. - -Practice Makes Pertect : 
Taoist Women Saints 01 Medlevat Chlna." -
The Program In ReligiOUS Stuales presents an 
hour-long seminar by Suzanne Cahill of the 
Department of History and ReligiOUS Studies 
Pro!1,ram The seminar IS open to faculty. 
staff, students and Visitors. Please fcel free 
to bring a brown-tlag lunch. H&SS 4025. Free. 

h eaIth & fitness 
MonClay-FrIClay 

. 9 a.m.· 12 p.m. - Put yourselltO the test -
the fitness test. A fnendly StudentHeaIth AdIIocate 

wlli checkJOlA'cardovasCIAar~. rnu&CIIIar 
stJength and endUf30C8. and lIe.dblllty all for 
FREE. Come by second noor Student Health to 
make an appointment. {weekly} 

MonCla), ThursClay 
• (2p.m .. Mon: 10 a.m. & 1 p.m .. Tues.: 11 
a.m. &. 1 p.m .. Wed.: 10 a.m. &. 1 p.m .. 
Thurs.) - Before YOU're off for sprong break. 
come to the Women 's Sexual Health Info 
Sesslolnllnfo abOut peMcexams.brith control 
Options & STD prevention. Free condoml 2nd 
tloor Student Health SeMce. 

WecJnesClay-FrlClay 
. (WeCl 1·4p,m: Thur. 2-4p.m.: Fn. 1-4p.m.) 

AlthOugh It'S 10th week. takc 15 mon'Jtcs 
out of your busy schedule to fond out your total 
blood cholesterol level at Student Health 
Sel'\llce. It's only $5 for this fast and painless 
procedure and no appointment is necessary. 

services & workshops 
MonCla)'Fnday 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - 5181+ Computer· 
based pro(ram of career Intonnat lOn designed 
to help you clarify your ski lls . values and 
Interest. For more Information. come to the 
Career Services Center. $10. (weekly) 
. 9a.m.·5 p.m.-Women·sR_eCenter 
P •• r Counsellne - Feel like no one 
understands? Women counselors trained by 
Psych. Sel'\lices available to help with crises 
or give support and referrals for your needs. 
Confl<lentlal . safe space. Walk In or by 
appointment . Located In the Old Student 
Center Bldg. A. 534-2023. (weekly) 
.1:30-4 p.m. - DROP-lN ADVISING HOURS 
- For help with career goals. Jot> hunting. 

resu~ preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate SChool opportun it ies . No 
appolntmentneedcd.Just walk In to the career 
Sel'\llces Center. (weekly) 
• MENTOR - Graduating this quarter and 
job·seeklng? We ' lI match you wi th a 
professIOnal In your ' ,eld ",hO will get you 
starte<l networkon, In thC local JOb market. 
Slin UP at Career Services. (weekly) 

Monday. March 8 
. 12-2 p.m. - Adutt Children of Alcoholics 
P.,cho-Educatlonal Support Group- A group 
to explore growing up with an alcoholic parent. 
Mountain View Louree. no fee . Leader: Jeanne 
Manese. 534-3035. 
• 2·3 p.m. - Lesbian cay blMxual peer 
counsellng wrth David. Do you have a question 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop in & 
let's talk. Located in the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge In 
PrICe Cntr.) Call 534-3987 tor details. (weekly) 

r uesday. March 9 
• 1()'11:30 a m. - Lon and Mourning - A 
group tor students who WiSh to explore new 
ways to gneve me death of a lOve<! one . 1003 
GH . no fee . Leader: ROllin Reed-Spaulding, 
534-0256, and Ron Lane. 534<l250. Call for 
slgr>-up. 
• 12·1 p.m. - lesbian cay blse.ual peer 
counseling With Steve. Do)'QU have a question 
about your sexuali ty? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. Located In the peer counseling 
oft Ice (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge In 
Procc Cntr .) Call 534-3987 fordetalls . (weekly) 
• 6 :3Q.8 pm. - Graduate Gay/ Bisexual 
Men's Suppo" G,oup - A sate. confidential 
"eekly group for grad students to diSCUSS 
Issues about sexuality. Led Oy Man. Student 
Cntr. ·B- lower level conI. ,oom. No fee . Call 
534-3987 tor details. (weekly) 

Wednesday. March 10 
. 9-10 3Oa.lll. - SuppottGroupfor Graduate 
Women-2126 HSS. no tee. Lea<lers:Beverly 
McCreary and Jane Parr. 
• 1(J.11:3D a.m. - Supt>ort Group for Olde, 
Undergraduate and Returning Students -
literature Bldg. Rm. 3240, no fee . Leader: 

• David BlasOand. 534-3987. Call for sign-uP. 
• 3p.m. - Procr .. Unaton' Group -Revelle 
College Provost's Bldg .. no fee . Leader: Hugh 
Pates. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Chicano/ a, latino/ a. 
Multlcuttural Support Group - A group to 
(lISCUSS relationships. fam ilia. parents. 
economiCS . self-expectaUons and more . 
Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Revelle 
College Provo Bldg. No tee. 
• 3-4:30 p.m . - Graduate Men'. and 
Women's Therapy Group - A group for 
graduate students Interested in eXPloring 
relationships. acOOemlc/professlonallssues. 
and personal concerns. 1003 GH. no fee . 
Lea<Jers : Millam 10supoviCl. 534-0255. ana 
Alvon Alvarez. Call tor sign-up. 
. 5-6:30 p.m. - Lesbian/ Bisexual Women 's 
Support Group - We 're a confidential weekly 
drop-In group open to all UCSD students. A 
sate & tllendly atmosphere where you can 
openly discuss your sexuality. Led by Chell 
and Lisa. Il'\Ilne Room. 2nd floor Price Center. 
Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 6 :30-8 p.m. - Gey/ BI.uwol Men'. 
Support Group - We 're a confident ial weekly 
drop-In group open to all UCSD students. A 
safe & friendly atmosphere where you can 
discuss your sexu~lrty. Led by David & Steve, 
Student Cntr. -B- lower level conf. room. Call 
534-3987 . (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Fttnesa and Nutrition - You will 
leam techniques for designing Individual 
fitness and nutrition programs. The session 
will also focus on methods for implementing 
and evaluating your new. healthier lifestyle . 
Price Center Gallery B, 

ThurSCIay. MarCIl 11 
• 2-4 p.m. - oc.cnoSInC Y_ Hu/tII c-
- Rnd out how various health careers match 
your Interests and skills . Job outlookS . 
salaries. and more informatIOn presente<! . 
Career Services Center. Free. 
• 2·3 p.m. - IAsbien lIy .... l1li PM' 
COUIIM"", with Lisa. Do you have 8 question 
about your sexuality? Do you neea an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let 's talk. Locatea in the peer counse ling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge in 
Price Cnlr.) Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 5 :3()'7 p.m. - Conwnon Ground S_rt 
GIOUII - Are you the friend or loved one of a 
lesbian. gay or bisexual person? Do you want 
to I>e supportive but aren't sure how? Drop In . 
we' re a weekly safe & confidential group that 
addresses your nee<ls. Price Center·Berkeley 
room. Call 534-3987 for more details. 

Friday. March 12 
• 9-10:30 a.m. - W_ Molested • 
Chlidren - A group for women survovors of 
chlldhOO<l/a<lOlescent sexual abuse. 1003 
GH. no fee . Leaders: Beverty HaQu. 534-
2237. and Phil Raphael . 534<l252. Call for 
slgr>-up. 

The UC D Guardian 

• 12·1 p.m. - lesbian cay bI .... uaI peer 
c:<>unsellng With Chell. Do you have a question 
aoout your sexuality? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. Located In the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge In 
Price Cnlr.lCail 534-3987 fordetalls. (weekly) 
• 12:3Q.2 p.m. - Pa~Aslan Convnunity 
Forum - Drop-In group addreSSing concerns 
o f ASian/Pacific Islander stu<lents. LeOOers: 
Jeanne Manese. 534-3035. and AlVin Alvarez. 
Mountain View Lounge. DrOP-In. (weekly) 
• 2·4 p m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Group - Support ive environment for 
<llscusslng prOblems related to alcohol and 
substance abuse . Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-
1579. Revelle College Provo Off. No fee. 
• ~ p.m. - Campus Blac:k Forum -
Informal group for Afr lcan·AmeriCan students. 
Leader: Phil Raphael. 534<l252. Mountain 
View Lounge. no fee. 

clubs & III eetings 
Monday. March 8 

• 5 p.m. - Student Environmental Action 
Coalition Meeting - Get Involved In Earth 
Day. recyCling. an environmental newspaper 
and much more. Office 208 Student Center. 
dllectly above Soft Resel'\les. Everyone Is 
welcome! (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - Do you have quostlons about 
ChrlstJanlty or about wIIat you believe? Bring 
them to Asian Amertcan Chrostian FellOwship 
at Peterson 108. All are welcome : we are an 
equal opportunity tellowshlp. Bring any prayer 
needs or requests and Join us at 6 :30 in 
Peterson 102 before the meeting. 
• 7 p.m . - Circi' K Internatlon.1 -
CommuMy seMoe organization meets In 
Gallery B, Price Center. Come Join us. (weekly) 
. 7 p.m. - LGB-' Buslne.s Meetln,. - Get 
InVOlved With LGBA-you' lI make friends and 
have a great lime helping out. Make It your 
bUSiness! Meetings are at the WRC . (weekly) 

Tuesday. March 9 
. 12 p.m. - All. Meetln, - Student Center 
A. room 113. Large conference room. (weekly) 
• 5 p.m. - Biweekly meeting of CCM panel 
of Post Doc Gra<J students at MTF 275. 
Chicanos/La t inos for creat ive medicine . 
(weekly) 
. 6 :45 p.m. - Greek Awards Nletrt - Price 
Center Ballroom. Please call 534-%57 to 
reserve a s pace . Sponsore d by IFC/ 
Panhellenlc. 

Wednesday, March 10 
• 1-2 p.m, - Adult Children of AlcoItoIIcl 
(ACA) - 12-step ,roup meeting. Purpose of 
group Is 10 welcome and give comfort to 
ch ildren of alcoholics. Free. anonymous and 
confi<lential . Price Center Admin . 2nd floor 
above FOO<l Court. Irvine Room . EYeryone 
welCome. 753-2106. (weekl)1 
• 1-3 p.m. - FlCulty, Student, Sbff 
Inteoactlool meets tor lunch to Informally 
discuss on topics of today: all students and 
faculty are welcome to join. For more Info: 
Chris 558-2103. (weekl)1 
. 3 p.m. - The Rev ... CGmnutlf Ad\IIIory 
IlNnlneeds people IIke)QU. Weekly meetings 
are at the Revelle Provost's office.(weekl)1 
• ~ p.m. - All welcome I Student AlllmwtlYa 
ActIon CommItt .. Meeting. Santa Bartlara/ 
Los Angeles room. Price Center. (weekl)1 
• 4 p.m. - TlIInI COII .. a TrlMfef+Re-Entry 
Studants (TRES) Mletln, - Discuss 
problems. solutions. quest ions. and answers 
about being a transfer or re-entry student. 
(weekly) 
. 7 p.m. - ASAP: Ac:tJve Students Iv< AIDS 
I'raY8fltlon - Get Involved with ASAIP: political 
act ivism. volunteerism. Help prevent the 
spread of AlDSI Santa Barbara Room. Price 
Center. Everyone welcome. 

FriClay, March H 
• 7 :3Q.10 a.m. - Come to the Rlvl"a 
Commuter BreakfMt at the Revelle Cornmuter 
Lounge. All you can eat for halt a buck .• 
(weekl)1 

• 10:30 a.m. - Jon TNrd CoIICe Commuter 
Boerd and help plan _nta. Meetings at Third 
College Dean's conference room. (weekly) 
. 12 p.m. - AA MHtlnc - Student Center 
A. room 113. Large conterenceroom. (weekly) 
• 2:30 p.m. - Native American Student 
Alilanca (NASA) meets weekly on Frodays at 
the Grove. Come and get Involved! (week/y\ 
. 6 :30 p.m . - General meeting for College 
Democrats/ Prospectus, Santa Barbara Room. 
PC . JOin the Winning team across the USA. 

Sunday, Malch 12 
. S:30p.m.-AlpItaPltlOmeca -UCSD·sonly 
coed seMCe fratemlty meets at MAAC 11lA 
(near PrICe Center). Come and meet other 
students like )QUrse~. WhO like to have tun while 
helplng)'QUl' school and COITTT1Unlty. Everyone IS 
welcome and encourage<l to corre . (wee~/y\ 

events & recreation 
MondaySunday 

• (8 a.rn.·11 p.m .• Mon.·Thurs.; 8 a.rn.-6 p,m .. 
Fri.: 9 a.m.-5 p.rn .. Sat.: 1 p,m.-llp.m .. Sun.)-
Photopoophs 01 some 01 San OIeCo'. best· 
known Jazz muaIc:Ians. as well as nationally 
known musicians WhO have performed In San 
Doego. wlll l>e on dISplay In the listenlre room of 
the Central Library ttvough March 28. 

MonCla,. ThurseJay 
• 9 p.m.·2 a.m. - New late nletrt coffee 
hou .. on campus. · Cafe Diana at the Che.· 
Mon-Thurs .. Good musiC. '.'ummybakedgoods. 
Speclaltycottees + teas . Qpen mike ... (weekly) 

TueSCIa,.SunCIay 
• 12-5 p.m . - ·eeremlc Verlatlona: Three 
Installations" - Three va rie<! approaches to 
ceramic art work. created by the artists Tre 
Arenz . Rache l Clawson and Berry Matthews. 
will be exhibited from March 20 through April 
25 in the MandeVi lle Gallery. The gallery will 
be divided into three distinct areas to 
accommodate the room-sized Installations. 

TuesClaySafurday 
• {10 a.,",5 p.m .. Tues.·Fri: 10 B.m.-2p.n1 .. 
Sat.} - "C.,8It1k: flCure. of Ocumk:""" -
The ceramic ·devlls- ot Ocumicho attend 
school. drive buses and sell their wares In the 
market p lace. The devils and other ceramic 
figures are mOOe In the Mexican village of San 
Pe<lro OcumiChO. These figures will be shown 
in the Grove Gallery through April 17. 

WedneSCIaySunday 
• (8 p.rn .. Wed.·Fr/.; 2 p.m. '" 8 p.m., Sat.; 7 
p.m .. Sun.) -UCSOTllNtraprtMlltaSCAPIN 
by Moliere. adapted and directed by Andrei 
Belgrader. This rock-rrroli/ blues/gospei/rap 
version Is at>outsex, money and family values. 
It Is currently recelvlne rave reviews In New 
YOlk. Mandell Weiss Forum. Call 534-4574. 
Admission: $12 general : $10 facult,/ staff/ 
sentor citizens: $6 students. 

TuesCI/IY, MarCIl 9 
• 8 p.m. - "Tul om." - PrICe Center 
Theater. Repeats at 10:30 p.m. AdmIssion: 
$1. For Information call 534-3362 . 

~SClay. March 10 
. 8-10:30a.m.-W_~COllllllUt« 
BrNkfMt -Meet fellowcommut8l' students 
and discuss Issues. Second noor Literature 
Building conference room. All you can eatl 
Only 5041 (weekl)1 
. Up.m. - lAMCII antlla.....,.-<:ome out and 
eat k.nch with LGBA. Brreyourown food . (~ 
. 8 p.m. - UCSD Jazz Ortttestra - MancIIMIIe 

Aud~Orium . Directed by Jimmy Cheatham. 
AI:tniSSIOn: $5generar: $3stu<lents/fllCUlty/ stafI. 

ThursClay. Marcil 11 
• 6 p.m . - AU you can eat Thursday night 
suppe<for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD Catholic 
Community. Come to the University Lutheran 
Church. (weekl)1 
. 6 :30 P.m . - ·UnfofIIven" - Price Center 
Theater. Repeats at 9 and 11:30 p.m. S2/ 
general admission; $l/ 8<lvance fee. 
. 7·9 p.m. - "Intan:.-Inc: SIx PHta from 
Taiwan" - Poetry reading sponsored by Dept. 
o f Literature!Visual Arts/Chinese Studies 
PrOliram. 408 Matthews Campus (Center for 
Research In Computing & the Arts). Free. 

Monday, March 8 , 1993 

• 10 o.m, - Poetry Nlitht at Cafe OIena at 
theCM. Bring your own • listen to others ordo 
both. (weekly) 

Foday. March 12 
• 12 p.m. - -Shredded Ju"tlc:e" B_heata: 
Why Clinton Must Prosecute" - a talk given 
by Daniel Sheehan. ChiefCousel of the Christ ie 
Instit ute. whO won the Karen SIIkwOO<l case . 
Vital Informatoon which will change your View 
of what our government has l>een up to 
behind the backs of the people and the press. 
At the hump on gym steps. 
• 8 p.m. - UCSD Theatre Dance Program 
presents "An Evenl", 01 Dance" featuring 
choreographed works by the Dance Faculty 
and performed by students In the Dance 
Program. For tickets call 534-3793. Mandell 
Weiss Theatre . Admission : $6 students. 
• 8 p.m. - UCSD Wind Ensemble -
Man<leville Aua,torium . Directed by Raben 
Ze"ckman . Admiss ion: $5 general: $3 
students/faculty/ staff. 

Saturday. March 13 
• 11 a,m. - Roes Perot to .paek at Price 
Center Blilroom. In Plaza afterwards. Free. 
Join UCSD United We Stand . America. (Tracy 
29&754 5). A signer will be present. Doors 
open at 10 a.m. 
. 8 p.m. - La Jolla Symphony" ChoNa-
Mandeville Auditorium. Principal clarinetist 
Sheryl Renk joins the orchestra for Copland's 
Clarinet Concen o. also Antares by San Diego 
State UniverSity composer David Ward-
Steinman and Brahm's Third Symphony. 
Performance repeats Sunday. March 14, 3 
p.m. 
• 8 p.m. - UCSD Theatre Dance Program 
repeats "An Evening of Danc." featuring 
choreographed works by the Dance Faculty 
and performed by stu<lents In the Dance 
Program. For t ickets call 534-3793. Mandell 
Weiss Theatre . Admission: $6 students. 

Sunday. March. 1 4 
• 12·2 p.m . - Radio Calltas - Weekly 
program for Raza. IntelViews and musica 
p lcosal (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - Two Iroe tours of the UCSD 
campus are offered this fall by the UCSD 
Visitors Program. The bus tours are the first 
and third Sundays of each month from the 
Gilman Information PavilIOn. Thewalkingtours 
are on altemate Sundays from the Gilman 
Intonnalion PavilIOn. Reservations : call 534-
4414. (week ly) 

r eligiolls events 
Monday, Marcil 8 

. 7 p.m. - H_ do JOU ..... y_ fIItII wItII 
, ............ _1 This Is the topic for Asian 
American Christian Fellowship's large group 
rneeUna at Peterson 108. Come tor a gOO<l 
time of worship. fellOwshiP. support. an 
InSPlrina messaae and free refreshments . 
Brina )'OU' QuestionS. Prayer meeting boilns 
at 6:30 In Peterson 102. 

TueSCIay. March 9 
• 12-1 p.m. - Bible Stud, - Gallery Room 
A. Price Center. 

WedneSCIay. March 10 
• 6 p.m. - Supper Is ..-.ad to hungry 
students by UniverSity Lutherans. Everyone 
welcome. University Lutheran Church (across 
from ReYelle College). 
• 7 p.m. - ·SII_ Out" - Billie study 
topic offered by Lutheran CampUs Minsilry . 
Open to all. university Lutheran Church (across 
from Revelle College). 

Friday. March 12 
• 1 2 p.m . - Islemlc Friday Preyar In 
the Pric e Center. For In fo . call Yusuf at 
450·4681 . ( week ly) Unive rsi t y Lutheran 
Church (across the street from Revelle 
Collelle) . 

Sunday, March 14 
. 10: 15 a.m. - A student cel list. an organist . 
and two lIOCalists present music during the 
LMtheran -.hlp ..w:a. All are welcome . 
UnlYerslty Lutheran C/1urch (across the street 
from Revelle College). 

Monday, March 8, 1993 

Tritons Stay 
Afloat in Opener 
CREW: UCSD gains mixed results at Mission Bay 
By Theresa R. Moore 
Staff Writer 

Both the men' s and women' crew 
teams began their pring season with 
succes ful races again t UC Irvine 
yesterday at Mission Bay. 

The first race of the morning was 
the novice categories for the men's 
and women' team that began 
promptly at 6:30a.m. Women's Head 
Coach Jack Vallerga called the water 
conditions "perfect - no wind, no 
water-skiers and flat waler." 

The novice men had an A and a B 
boat in the first race of the morning. 
The A boat was overtaken by a UCI 
eight by a considerable margin -
appro1(imately 30 econds, with the 
Irvine boat crossing the 2000-meter 
finish at 5:24.3 followed by the Tri-
tons at 5:59.9. 

UCSD's B boat came back and 
overtook the second Irvine boat, how-
ever, to finish with a time of 5:41.1, 

followed by Irvine al 5:54.1. 
The women 's novice team had 

two boat, an eight and a four. The 
Anrealers' eight defeated Ihe Tritons 
by a close margin, 6: 19. 1 and 6:22.7. 
TheTrilons' fourcro edlhefini hat 
7:29.0 with the competilion follow-
ing unthreateningly I I seconds later. 

The close I race of the day was 
betweenthemen 's varsityeight . The 
Tritons lost to Irv ine by seven-tenths 
of a econd, approximately one 
boat length. The Anteaters came in at 
5: 1O.46,followed rightafterby UCSD 
with 5: 11.17. 

The final race of the morning was 
the varsity women' A and Brace. 
The Trilons defeated the single Irvine 
boat with a time of 5:57.6, followed 
by Irvine's 6:02.4 and the second 
Triton boat at 6:25.6. 

Although Ihis was the teams ' first 
official race of the season, they rowed 
in the fall in what are known as 

The UC D Guardian 

headrace . The team rowed three 10 
four miles on Mission Bay against 
various tearns contrasling UCSD 's 
2000-meter print in their regattas. 

Vallerga, varsity women's coach 
ince 1975, attributes (he team 's row-

ing success this weekend to taking 
advantage of the poor weather and 
waterconditionsofMi sion Bay. The 
leam was forced to row on the erg om-
elers in Spanos to simulate the motion 
of actual rowing, get cardiovascular 
work and trenglhen muscles. 

Vallerga voiced several hopes for 
the men' and women' teams this 
season. He intend to continue Ihe 
ucce es of fundrai ing initiated by 

the men's learn last pring wilh their 
ergathon on campus to help pay for a 
recently purchased racing·quality 
lightweight-4. BOlh teams are tnlin-
ing in preparation for the annual Pa-
cific Coast Rowing Championship 
held in Sa ramento the end of spring. 

In the near future, Ihe team. look 
forward to a tentative scrimmage on 
March 20 in Ihe Los Angeles area and 
Ihe San Diego Crew Classic on April 
3-4. 

VaUergacreditsmuchoftheteam's 
early season success to newly hired 
novice coach and Triton veleran 
Shirley Doell. 

VCSD Leaves VCR, Pomona In Dust 
tRACK a 'E Q: Four Tritons qualify for national meet as both men and women win 
By GreggWrem 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD track team bucked the 
Broncos when both the men's and 
women's teams held off Division II Cal 
Poly Pomona and UC Riverside at 
Pomona on Sarurday. The Triton men 
defeated Pomona 89.5-71, while the 
UCSD women trounced the Broncos 
90-45.5. The UC Riverside Highland-
ers meanwhile, took the low road with 
both teams fmishing third, the men with 
31.5 points and the women with 27.5. 

The Tritons' men's team was led by 
senior Matt Inskeep. A decathlete, 
Inskeep proved his versatility with a 
win in the 11 (}.meter high hurdles in 
15.2 seconds and a biumph in the long 
jump with a leap of22-5. He also placed 
second in the javelin and rounded out 
the day by running on UCSD's second-

TENNIS: 
Women squeak out 
win over CSULA 
Continued from page 14 
Takemoto's outstanding three-set 
double win, 5-7, 6-3,7-5. 

"It was the be t doubles malch 
I've seen all year. All four played very 
well ," UCSD Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante said. During the match and 
after, "The whole team wa cheering 
us on," added Takemoto, who also 
won her singles match easily with a 
6- 1, 6-0 viclory. 

"Our strength lie in the fact that 
we have depth in our team," aid 

HOCKEY: 
Beats cross-town 
rival SDSU, 2-1 
Continued from page 14 

~hot, as he bear Lutz bet .... een the legs to 
give UCSD a 2- I lead 

McRae ~ved the game for dIe Tri-
Ions ~oncb later. stopping Aztec Eric 
Fero on a break.d\\ 3) . DSU pulled its 
goalit.: 101 an e\trJ ;ltt.lC~el 111 the final 
minlile. hili came lip empty. 

On SmurJ.I) night al the Sport 
rena, the high·po\\ ered Trilon offen-.e 

retwncd in it 9-0 roul orlht: ,bittng Cdl 
Tech Beavef>;. 

place 41(400 and third-place 4xlOO-
meter relay teams. 

Jeff Taylor, who UCSD Head Coach 
Tony Salerno calls '"the leading ham-
mer thrower in Division ill this year_" 
took hi pecialty with a toss of 188-1, 
a1m0Sl16 feet better than runner-up and 
teammate Curtis Williams. who 
launched the hammer 172-5. Both Tay-
lor and Williams' marks were good 
enough to qualify for the national meet 

Other winners for UCSD included 
MarIe Y uen in the 1500-meters in a time 
of 4:01.6 and Man Jandrisevits, who 
biumphed in the 400-meters in 49.3 
seconds. Ian Cooke and Damian 
Coleman were also NCAA qualifiers 
with Cooke leaping 6-9 in the high jump 
to take second place. Coleman, a return-
ing All-American, was second in the 
triple with a jump of 48-J/ • • 

UCSD's number-one player Robyn 
[naba, Inaba said he now plans to 
foc us on her individual game rather 
than the divi ion and rank or her op-
ponents. hI want to go out there Tues-
day and play the ball , not the person." 
Reflecting on past years, [naba noted 
that thi year's team has a positive 
attitude and a desire 10 work hard and 
win. She said thai this combination 
can only ensure succe s for UCSD. 

LaPlante coached the women with 
strategies on how to beat the heat, 
advising Ihem to drink plenty of wa-
ter, sit down between changeovers 
and seek out the hade when possible. 

The women received dampened 
towels to reduce the effects of the 

Center Erven Vallero paced UCSD 
with two goals and twoassiSIl> in lhe fi.,t 
period. Vallero finished the g3Jlle with 
Ihe four points. 

The game appeared over at the end 
of the fi r>t period, with UCSD holding 
an insurmountable 7.(j lead. Cal Tech 
scored a minor moral victory in the 
econd period though. holding the T Ii-

tons -.coreles~. 
hic Ranheilll tkled 1\,0 goal~ and 

Jim MeLt'Ix! h,ld .1 goal and ;Ul ;l\SI t 111 
the winnmg ellort. Go.lIlend<'r ..... hke 
Tepcr'OIl lccOldeJ the ~hutout. 

Tht: t~am \ViII have a month III pre-
pareforthe pld}off~, which \\ ill be hdJ 
April 2-4 m the San Diego Ice Arena. 

The Triton women were led by the 
defending national champion in the 100-
meters, Erica Washington, who took 
that event with a time of I 1.9 seconds. 
She also ran ftrs( in the 200-meters in 
25.8, while helping two relay teanlS. the 
4xlOOand4x400-meter, to victory and 
then added a second-place fmish in the 
400-meter for good measure. 

Another double winner for UCSD 
was Michele Domicowho took the long 
jump with a leap of 14-11'/2 and the 
biple jump with amarkof34-4'/4. Karen 
Hinkle was also a force for UCSD, 
winning the 1500-meter nice with a 
time of 5: 13.3 and placing second in the 
3CXXl-meter event in 10:48. 

'1 was swprised that we dominated 
them that thoroughly," Salemo said. 
'''This meet may be the day that we came 
of age in our conference." 

heat. .. !t 's hard when you have a two 
hour malch. there's only so much you 
can do," remarked laPlante. 

UCS D will greet Division [ Iowa 
Stale University on Tuesday al 3:00 
p.m. at Ihe Muir courts. "We haven't 
played them before - it should be a 
good practice for us fo r our mat::i;es 
over spring break," said LaPlante. 

With its currenr undefeated record 
paving a trend for future matches, the 
women' learn is a major force in 
Divi ion Ill. It i e1(pected that UCSD 
will tum heads at this year 's NCAA 
Division ill National Championships 
scheduled for early May. 

" I definitely feel we have potent ial 
to take the tille," LaPlante said. 

GOLF 
Continued from page 16 

ScOIl Stringfellow forgot to ~ign his 
scorecard after fini~hing the fir.;t round, 
resulring in diMjualification oflhal day' ~ 
score and Kerry Grimes mlSMXi his tee 
time on Saturday locompound thecom-
edy of error.;. Fortunately, the B·team, 
led by Rob Brannen\ 165, pu lled out 
the Wl'liluerupscr710-714.oarelya\1 Id -
IIW a leaJl1 -ii11po~ed IX>..:II} v. ri ting 
ion. 

\\'t1h tlk!lnumph SaIUlJa~.l CSO's 
l11es~agc "' .... ~ ~ignt.:d . ~tump.:J, scalt.:d 
and dellvercd lu F;:}ctlcvillc tillS m:ck-
end. 

s ponTS 11 

UCSD Caps Best Year 
FENCING: Shebest qualifie as first alternate to NCAAs 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Meet after meet. mat h after match, 
the Triton fencers out-pointed. OUHlu-
eled and out-fenced their competition, 
culminating with the women's team 
capluring its second conference title and 
the men ' squad seizing third place. 
However. the gruel ing schedule and an 
increased level of compelition look its 
loll on the Triton slashers as they fin -
i hed off a productive season last week-
end at the NCM Western Regionals. 

"We competed in 28 meets this sea-
son, gaining at least two years of e1(pe-
rienee. We learned a 101, bUI il cost us in 
the end. Fatigue definitely played a 
factor in our perfonnance Ihis week-
end," said UCSD Head Coach Alison 
Reid. "Also, the level of competition at 
Nationals proved higher than ever this 
year and we still did nor have the expe-
rience to compete with the Stanfords." 

Senior captain Aaron Shebest once 
again led by example, pacing the men's 
foil to a fourth-place fini 'h behind lhe 
likes of Stanford, UC Santa Cruz and 
Air Force. lndividually, Shebest rallied 

for dlird place earning the di tinction of 
first a1temate for the CM Finals held 
at Wayne Slate, Indiana on March 27. 

"[Shebesr I did really well under a lot 
of pressure. He turned in an e1(cellenr 
meetandaccomplishedaJl ofhisseason's 
goal ," pmised Reid. 

SeniorTrevorOppl igerlUmed in the 
meet of hi life, finishing sixth in the 
men 's epee. 

Women's foil, mentally and phy i-
cally we.'lkened from draining confer-
ence final balites. capped off their sea-
son valiantly wilh a fou.rth-place perfor-
mance. 

Yumi Nishiyama look sixth and se-
nior Moriah McCaule dueled for an 
Illh place finish. McCauley also com-
peled in rhe women' epee division, 
gamering second. 

"Nerves got to a lot of people, but 
Ihar was to beexpecled. We had a very 
demanding schedule and I was very 
pleased with where we ended up,·' Reid 
said_ "Ne1(t year,Ithink we'll reduce the 
number of malChes we compete in, but 
fornow, we're ready for springlime and 
the beach." 

COMING S ON TO A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

• 

'. 



12CLA 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you ~ an M-<:ampol Notary PublIc? 1110. 
call 581-7911. (I IHlf.l) 

JAMBAY - will be on Revele Plaza Tuesday. 
MarCh 9 • noon. (31 .... 318) 

a.y1L_ W_ Polo ~I C~ 
Wallr Polo It recruiting new m....-s. Greal 
wolt.OU1I on salurdays and I chance 10 mW 
friendsl All level. of pf;Iyers welcome. Cont~cI 
AMy. 558-9437. (31 .... 318) 

GlylLI.blln Swlmmerlf Wanl greal 
workOUIi while making new frienda? Join 
Dillereni Sirokes Swim Team. Practices 
on Tuesdays. Thursdays. and Sundays. 
For mor.lnformatlon . call Andy. 558 ·9~37. 
(3 /4 · 3 /8) 

SHREDDED JUSTICE •• USHGATE: Why 
Cllnlon MUll Pro •• cull. a lalk by Denial 
Sheehan. March 12. Torrey Pine. Inn. 7:30 
p.m. Donation: $3 siudenis. $5 general. 
Sheehan helped win Ihe Karen Silkwood ca .... 
Learn whalme newspaper. won1 prim. (31' · 
3111 ) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ..... ... ...... 450·3323 
Fairmai(s ........ ............. 222-0220 
La Sandale ...... ............. 488·1134 
UCSD EATS II DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .............. .. .. .. 455-Q662 
Beans ...... ..................... 453·9252 
Domino's ........ .. .. .......... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ........... .. 578·7892 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt ..... 452·0524 
Yakimono .. ................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ........... ........ 558·2436 
Overseas Aulo ......... .. .. 695·1990 
Robert·s .................. ...... 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR Be BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes .......... .. 457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
UCSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ..... .. .. 534-4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .................... .455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C . . 558·3600 
Dr Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision Care ................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC Be VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery .. ........ ..... 450·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .. ............ 452-0630 
Travelle(s Depot .......... 483·1421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ...... ....... ..... 457·1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457 ·3775 
tn & Oul Repro ..... ........ 546·0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning .. .. .......... . 455·1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ...... ... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ...... .................. 587·1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270·7860 
UCSD ETC. 
SI. Germain's .... .... ....... 455·1414 
Alita Elactrolysys ... .. .. .. 454·6044 

The U D Guardian 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for fcu;ulty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1he 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian resel1 es the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilma nDrive, 
0316, La Jolla. CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Heading lor EUROPE lhi. summer? Only 526911 
Jellhere ANYTIME fO( $269 wilh AIRHITCHI 
(Reported in Let's Gol & NY nmes.) HAWAII • 
$ 129 each wayl NEW YORK · 5129 each wayf 
AIRHITCH 310-39 .... 0550. (314·311 1) 

SHREDDED JUSTICE. BUSHGATE: Why 
Cllnlon Mu.1 Prolle"'". a presental,on by 
Donlal Sheehan. al lhe hump by the gym al 
noon. Friday March 12. Chlel Counsej for lhe 
Chnsllc Inslltule who holped WIn Ihe Karen 
SIlkwood case and olher cases of oNlcial mls· 
deeds . Learn whallhe newspapers don' pnnl 
and government officials don'l want you 10 know 
(318·3111 ) 

UCSD Medical Cenler needS heallhy volunteer. 
belween Ihe ages of 18 and 65 for a 2 hour sludy 
abou1 eye blinking. A $10 compensation ptus 
paoong wUI be provided. Call Deb 8t S.3·2174 
for more Informalion. t3l8) 

Resode<t AdvIsors warted tor INTERNA TIQ',IAL 
HOUSE 1993-94t PIcIc up reIemII form II career 
ServlcesandbringlO Afth Reoi:Ienoe 1Ja0lftce1:Jr.., 
3IJI)icatIon. Due 4 p.m. Friday. Aprt 9. (318-3/11) 

OPEN HOUSE INIiITATION. Inlernalional Co-
operallve Nursery School. HUlchlson Way. 
UCSD. Sunday. March 14 12:30-3:30. (319·31 
11) 

ROSS PEROT 10 speak In Ihe Price Cenler 
Ballroom on Salurday. March 13. Doors open al 
10 a.m. tor t I a.m. program. Talk In Plaza 
aUerwards. Join UCSD UOiled We Sland. 
Amenca. Free. (Tracy 296-7545). A signer wrll 
be presenl. (318 ·3111) 

lIana. don' forget 10 loll Fifth College Seniors 10 
apply 10( Commencement Speaker by Apni 5 at 
lhe Dean's Office. -Edna. (319·3111) 

Old you know Bela Theta Pi is lhe lhird oIdes! 
fralernity Slillin e.islance loday. with over 150 
years ot Slrength and tradition? Did you know 
Beta has over 160.000 Initiated members and 
over 100.000 liY1ng members on over 145 cam· 
puses In me Uniled States and Canada? Did you 
know lhere are 85 Belas who were Rhodes 
Schotars? Old you know SA TMAN (Adam West) 
is a Beta? FOf more information, call Kalan at 
558·8853. (318) 

Fralemilies .ra NOT just four year dnnklng 
ClybB ... lheyare a life·tongcomm"menllo frIend· 
ships. Fralernity members have higher GPA's 
and bener gradyation rales lhan non·affilialed 
SlucienlS. Fralernities Slress Ihe value ot a bal· 
ance belween academics. a socfallife and com· 
munrly ,"voIvemenl. (318-3/11) 

WRITE A LEITER. (318) 

Frusltaled with tee hikes? Ails not lost. A.S. ~ 
Is Iaulcting a C3Iadysrric leiter -wIting C8/I'4lIIign 
aimed aI OJ( stale ~ They .--l 10 
know thai a SiglI<:an( runber of Ih8It CXlf'rSMlJoncy Is 
conc:emed with he u..-e of CA higher eWcIIion. 
That ·s wi...-e you c:ome In. We need IeIIersI Inlo 
pad<ets aI EDNA. Drop bolo althe ~mp. HMd_ 
·em. Ycu donl-. need a stamp 0( etMIIope. How 
mud1 __ can Ihls be? (3i8) 

Come to the ICRA Winler Siudybreak. II WIll be 
held on March 14 In PC Plaza al 8 p.m. We will 
have 3 slices of pizza fO( a bUCk. (318·3111) 

Third College Scholarship 
applications are now available at the following 
locations: Dean's Office 

Residence Life 
Scholarship Office 
Academic Advising 
TC Student Financial Services 

• Deadline for submission: May 14, 1993 
• The scholarship award is $1 ,000 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN· SHtPS. 
Most positions 1~1ed by Feb. GaIn val . e.p. 
managing 6·8 employees. CUSlomers. and 
suppliars. Avg . •• rnlngs 6·16.000+. CaU 
'University Painting Pros: Infoiappl. CALL 600-
525-5877. (In·3129) 

EARN $1 .500 WEEKLY mailing cur circularsl ... 
Begln NOWt FREEpackeli SEYS. Dept. 19. Box 
4000. Cordova. TN 38018-4000. (2111·4129) 

POSTAL JOBS AIiAlLABLEf Many positions. 
Greal benefits. Call 1·600-436·4365. exl. p. 
3387. (2111·318) 

RAISE ACooL$I.000.00 IN JUST ONE WEEKI 
For your fral. sororily. Club. t 1.000 FOR 
YOURSELFI And a FREE IGLOO COOLER if 
you qualify. Call 1·600-932·0528. Ext. 65. (2122, 
4/19) 

300 SUMMER CAMP POSITIONS: In NY. PA. 
MASS & MAINE. Need skills In: Tennis. WStI 
swimming. water-skiing. sa~ing. windsurfing, 
gymnasllcs. &qIJeslrlan. baseball. basl<elbal. 
soccer. hockey. lacrosse. canoeing. archery. 
rockelry. WOodshop. ceramics. tilness. dance. 
piano. guilar. ropeslpio.-ring. nursas. lood 
service. Upper classmen p:eferre<l. A~ene - , . 
8()()'443·6428. (311·4115) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT· fisheries. 
Eam $6OO+lweek Incannertes or$4.000+/monih 
on lishing boals. Free transportalionl Room & 
BoardI _ or Femaie. Foremptoyment program 
call 1·206·545-4155 ext . A5976. (311-3111) 

Counselors: Camp Wayne. brotherlsisler camp. 
N.E. Pennsylvania. 6122·8120193. AU spo~s . 
waler. and cultural activitlas. Mlny positions 
available. On·C8mptJSlnleMeWl. Thursday. April 
151h lrom 10:30·2 p.m. For more info. c:aJ1516· 
889·3217 or wnle 12 Allevard St .. Udo Beach. 
N.Y. 11561 . Inctudeyour schooi phone number. 
(314.4112) 

Summer camp Poallions: Roughing II Day 
Camp in SF Easl Bay Is hiring for summer 1993. 
PosItions : counselors , swim, ride , sports, 
walerfronl. envir.ed. cra"s . Expel. rels. (510) 
283·3878. Send resume 10 P.O. BOX 1266. 
Orinda. CA 94563. (318·3111 ) 

Earn $2500. T eU ycur slory abou!·howlhe budgel 
culS and subsequent lee ,"creases will aHect 
you. Wrile a leUer 10 Pele and leI him know hoW 
you feel. He's a big guy. bul he has 10 answer 10 
us vole",. Info al EDNA. (3/8) 

Dolivery person wanted In UTC area tor Chinese 
food. 11·3 p.m. Musl have own car. $4.251 
hour tgastllps. ASAP. 535·1668. (318·3/11 ) 

Monday, March 8, 1993 

SERVICES 
Do you ~anon-campusNoIary Pubtlc?ltso. 
calt 587·7911 . (11 .... 6/3) 

Maclnta.h lext & graphlcs scanning. On campus 
and afIorOabIe. Cal Mike 622·1147. (1114·3111) 

PASSPORT PICTURESt 0rVy 15.95. While you 
walO. X_no ond morw. Near St. Germain·s. 
452·9949. (1119-613) 

Need typingtword processing done? Wi. do any 
size job. any type 01 job. I will also cIo ediling II 
needed or wanted. Calf Carol 481-63~ e .... 
nings. (1119-3111) 

WORD PROCESStNG---9apers. resomes. etc. 
Proofr8adIspeIc: l..uef printing. From S 1.5G' 
page. Sharon 481·7~ evenings. (311 ·3111) 

Biology Mor. Do nol lake your chances on lhe 
next naml Cal ANNA 793·917~ . (2125-3111) 

Accurale • tast typing. Reports and resumes. 
Sue S.8·1788or 533-6191 . (311·3111) 

Heading fO( EUROPE lhis summer? Only $26911 
Jel Ihere ANYTIME lor $269 with AtRHtTCHI 
(Reported in LeI 's Gol & NY nmes.) HAWAII . 
$129 each wa,1 NEW YORK · $129 each way I 
AIRHfTCH 310-394··0550. (314·311 1) 

SERVICES: NEED MONEY FOR COLLEGE? 
You may qualify for financial assistance regard-
less of your GPA. SAT BCore. or income. For 
recorded message call 278·2495 x305. (314·31 
11) 

Volce.pllno. organ. guitar. 43 years. alt tevels. 
slyles. NY City opera. musicals. lop clubB. 8M 
Chicago ConseNalory of Music. Spectal .Iu-
dent '" • sing/ptay easMyl qylckJy. Michael 
Bonden 598·5223. (31 .... 418) 

A.S. External is providing free fee Info packetsal 
EDNA and a free mailing service al drop box al 
hump. Write a len.r 10 your reps about UC 
budgel cut. today. (318) 

French Tulor. French native speaker is here 10 
help you with YO<Jr last exams and final. 3 years 
of e;w:perience in leaching: grammar, conversa-
tion. essays In alilevols. Hurryl 793·0259. (318-
3111) 

SAVE YOUR GRADEf TUlor 10 help you. Hu· 
manities. ESL Papers. lesl preperation. Rea· 

WANTED 
Looking lor peopte who have had an e.pertence 
wllh so Misdemeanor Court for research paper. 
PLEASE call 692·1722t (311·311 1) 

Every person on Ihis campus complaining about 
fee increases Is senlenced 10 wrile a leiter. h's 
preny painless. we promise. (3/8) 

Need Cash? Be a sybJecl In behavlorat 
e.periments: $IOi11our. If you are between 18-28 
years old. call Daphne a1453·4tooext . 563. (318) 

Seeldng TM medilalors 10 lerm on campus 
organization. Cab Mlchaol 278·1314. Leave 
Message. (318·415) 

CH ILO·CARE: Undergraduate for pan-time child 
care posilion tor 2+4 year oid in our home. 
Experlence t relerences required. Call Rob at 
622·3827 and leave message. (318·3111 ) 

TUTOR for OtJalilalive Research Melhods and 
Design course (elemenlaryl) . 52Othr. 452·5690. 
(318·3111) 

Wanled: avid reader enjoy reading noveli 
manuscripl for critique and 10 commenl Its 
publlshabllily. Dennis 587·7022. (318·3111) 

~nll~WIN(. (~O. 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 622·1122 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DA vs 

1.1 00 -0 F F;1 STUDE~~ECIAL r Buy ONEMONTH --, I Yo any; unllmited ... o friend gets I 
: clothing purchase I FREE MONTH: 

s~::!,,:::,:~,w~, I UNLIMITED TANS 
wfth thIJ E 31""'~3 LNeW cllenl. orVy. Must .,,--.1 sfudenllO. coupon .p. 4<1' Eop 3/221'/3 
--------- --------

" 

'-.' ----= 
Ue5D 
"IG'" Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
,'1.5NI15 ,\O~ ('C\~ I .. l ~o ~ ; ,~ .. ,. .~ cf _.'" 

L..;;.---..r"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 2t/w student 10 

Monday, March 8, 1993 

Siudenl·produced dramalic •• ries Spring 
0uarI .... 1f Int.rested cal! John ~S-9489 0( 587· 
8994. Experience not mandatory.Adors. writers. 
skills lechnical ProdUcllon needed. Possibly wit 
air on cable 5lation. (318·3/29) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS. lrucks. boals. 4·wheeiars. 
molorhomes. by FBI. IRS. DEA. AvaUable your 
area now. CaJII ·800·436-4363 ext. C·7556. (21 
11·318) 

UNIXTERMINALandMODEM.Compulerhome-
_al homel $157. Plug in and go. 5S.·0414 . 
(211·3111) 

SEIZED CARS. Irucks. boals. 4wheelers. 
molorhomes. by FBI. IRS. DEA. Avallabie your 
area now. CaJII ·600-436·4363. (2111·318) 

MACINTOSH llsi. 9MB RAM. 120MB HD. Sony 
1304HG mon"O(. Appte Laserwriler LS prinler. 
2400 Baud modem. sohware: Mlcrosoh Word 
5.0, SuperPainl 3.0. Think C 5.0. ClarisWol1<s. 
$2500. 455-5691 . (2122·319) 

LASER IIIDEO DISCS rental Special S 1. Besl 
price on lase, video disc ptayers. Lazer USA. 
457·3401. (311·3111 ) 

Surfboard for sale - 6'8" excellenl condillon. 
552·0920. (311 ·3111) 

1983 Yamaha lIirago5OOcc Molorcycle.red.jIlsl 
serviced. new \Ire. $650 negotiable. Mike 452· 
9430. (3/4 ·318) 

BEST BUYllloI"" 1977. 1301< - Runs greal. 
looks good. $2.000.00. Moving 10 Maine. Call 
450·6460. (314·318) 

Gy~ar : Sleet siring acoustic. Perfecl cond"ion. 
lull size. Brand new. $90. 586-7928. (3/4-411) 

SPEAKERS· 125 lOans each. Fine sound + took. 
$150 for both o.b.o. 558·4628. MUST SELLII (31 
4·318) 

Panasonlc KX·P1123 Printer. 24 pin. Brand new 
never used. $150. Mac adapler available. 100. 
Erin 622·9294. (3/4·318) 

OaklandlSan Diego Roundtrip for $67. Dales: 31 
20 and 3127 (flexible). Call Sandra A.S.A.P. 259· 
1664. (318·3111) 
Moving out around 3118193. 1 muslseU a full·size 
bed in good condillon ($3010.b.o.) . a nice wood 
dining Iable set with 4 chairs ($3010.b.o.). TVI 
IICR wood table (S20/o.b.o.). comty chair ($151 
o.b.o.). Please call Brendan aI622·9096. (318·31 
11 ) 

'91 Milsublshi Mirage. aulo. air. cas radio. e.ceI· 
lenl condition. 32.000 mites. 57850; also queen 
bed $450. dining lablel4 chairs oak $630. raUan 
chesl 5185. 793·9223. 534·0141 (wo"'). (3/8) 

Desk: large. 5 drawer. dalt. wood finish. Malch-
ing comfortable padded chair. Sel was a bargain 
lor me al $130: a sleal tor you al $651 Bolh In 
greal condition. 792·0820. (318) 

Graduation sale - 2 desks. 2 chairs. single bed 
w,lh mauress. sofa wI bed, call 622·0065. (318) 

New climbing gear: men's Slealth dlmblng shoes 
- size II . Large Arc' Teryx climbing harness +ral 
bag. New $175. sel $80.00. Sean 558·4779. (318) 

ScOOler. '87 Honda Elile 80. 5000 miles. runs 
greal . $600/o.b.o. Helmel included. 755-1358. 
Dan. (3/8) 

Mac Plus. Real Cheap 5550. 20MB HD. 101 
keyboard. external 3.5 drive. Imagewnler. son· 
ware wllh manuals. Call now. Ask for Rob 276· 
6862. (318-3111 ) 

For sale: Soulhwesl Airline lloucher. $280.00 or 
best offer. Call Dawna 457·9737. (318) 

14K diamond ring. 3.3 carals with paNe. Ap-
praised $11 .200.00. Sacrifice $6.000.00. Call 
454·2089. (318·511) 

HOUSING 
ON.CAMPUS APARTMENT·MATE(S) lor 93· 
94. MuSI be Third CoItege male(s).1 haveGUAR· 
ANTEED HOUSING privileges to offer. Cell me. 
Chee-Hahn. at 546·1644 and we·Utafk. (2122·31 
11) 
Female roommale needed spring quarter. Own 
roomibalh. Nice view in UTC. $425. Jamee 458-
0355. (2122·3111 ) 

SPRING QUARTER and symm8r. Master bdrm. 
$370-0ne person. 5235-rwo 10 share. own belh. 
washerldryer. pooi. buolo UCSD. non-smoker. 
non·allergic 10 cal. Call Stacy or Usa 625·0821 . 
(teave message) (2122·3111) 

Anentiont Your own room in a house in P .B. 
Spring Ouarter. Only $308. Jason 483·5738. (31 
1·318) 

Clalremont condominium for sale: Greal starter 
- appliances Inctuded. 2·bdrm (large masler). 
balh. pallo. parking. washerldryer. poot. weight 
room. jacuzzI. sauna. BBO grills. fountain. lIery 
affordable In tow 8O·s. 571·0860. (311.3111) 

Room for rent. $350.00. Own bed and balhroom. 
No smoi<ing. Poot and spa. Washer and dryer. 2 
biocks from Highway 52. Available 311193. 278· 
4581. (311·318) 

PB share furnished 2 bedI2ba condo wI worfclng 
mal •• grad student . Pool. spa. balcony. bay 
views. Non·smoker. ~oo.oo + 112 utilities end 

~50.oo dep. Ava~ . 317. 272·3129. (311 ·3/8) 

~mll •• .,.,.ed for spring qu ....... $34OImO. 
• 113 1AIIiI*. Cal 558-2078. Vone lIN. (311·3/ 
11) 

Se.king easygoing. responsible female 
roommafes tor sunny PB house. Single. 341 .00 
t utiiltles. Laura 270-7857. (311·3111) 

Housemale wanted: Every concelvable amenity 
In your own maslerbedroomlbalh. Wilhin walkJng 
<istance of schoof In La Jofla V,Uage Tennis 
Club. Transferring and need male 10 take my 
ptace. $395.00. 554·1302. (311·3111 ) 

Furnished condo. - Regenls Rd. 2 bdr .• 1 ba .• 
balcony. 5825.00. 619·491-1196 or 714·779-
0540. (314·515) 

3 bedroom 00I"d0 oft Eastgale Mal avaiIatle July or 
SepIermer. SI14Om1orCh.t.lna 792-6453.(3/1-3'29) 

Female roommala . share room. $295.50. 1/3 
uW .. wId. pooi. WO""OUI room. Walk 10 UCSD. 
535-9498. (314.318) 

The D Gual'dian 

Rent for 3 months. April 1 10 JYne. House in 
Clairmonl . Own room. $285 + Ylil . 569-5040. (31 
4·318) 

One room male wanled starting blwn. 3120 
and 411 for 3· 6 monlhs (negol.) . The 
apartmenl is in UTC area and houses tour 
people . For single room/shara balh renlls 
S350l mo . plus 114 ulilities. Al so Includes 
pools . Jacuzzis. clubhouse w/gym faclll l ies . 
and security syslem . Conlacl Cory a1622· 
112t. (3 /8· 3/ 11) 

Female roommale wanled 10 share masler 
bedroom. lIal .. of renaissance. S300/month. 
Sherry 452·2568. (318·4/8) 

Roommalewanled · own room and balh· Mission 
Bayapl. $3301mo. t 1/3 util. Spring and summer. 
276·3738. (318·311 1) 

ROOM FOR RENT. $291 Imonth + tl3 uUily. 
Washer/dryer. Maiellemale. 546-0309. Universily 
City. (318·3111) 

FEMALE ROOMATE WANTED 10 share 
University Cily home with three Olhers. Own 
room. Share balh. $3501month (inctudes util~ies) . 
Nice. must see. Call Jen al 566·4841 . No pets. 
ptease. (318-311 1) 

Sorremo Valley Blvd Close 10 university. 2 rooms 
available. large newer 4 bedroom 2 story home 
- Ideal for an levels of Siudent- fumished or 
unfurnished. pooi.laundry. all amenilies$350.oo 

ulll~les Inctuded. Call Mila (6 19) 549·4463. (318) 

Sorrento Mesa. 15 minules Irom campus. I 
bedroomibalh fO( rent. $350. New house. pooi. 
jacuzzi . laundry. Prefer qulel non·smoker. no 
drugs. no pelS. Call Usa al 578·8419. (318·311 1) 

LA SIFIEDS 13 

OtJiel . responsible person to share cardifl 2 
bedroom house. Masler bedroom. private bath. 
ocean view. Walk 10 beaCh. shops. busline. Call 
942·1273. (318·3111) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Woman'S walen nearlibrary/PriceCenler. 
sun/moon. broken band. on 2124. Mara 483· 
4105. (3/4·318) 

Lost : slydenl concern abouf Ihe tulure of UC. It 

PERSONALS 
Bear in lhe Air: Can~ wail 10 see New Mexico 
puNiesl Love GPC Ground 13;8) 

SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 • 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

I MTV Concerts I Fills $12 Reg. $15' New Clients only Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 
Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 

Waxing Starting at $3 
Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

I Daily Beach Events I 
I Reggae Sunsplash • Venus Model Search • Toga Parties 

• 70's Hip Hop • and much much more 

S'""(lfa') F22r1'234 ~ 4-~ MEN AND WOMEN 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
-.J...!...!..lL..'-"!.1:I.><>L'--""-f'U~"-,-"e,-,,,,-k desti nati 0 n Q n the1ie.st .c.oast Nol valid WlIt1 any ottler ofter$ E'plres 3122J9J 

• SI ewa 
sportswear 

clothing 

UCSD 
sweats 
30-50% off 
UCSD da 
t-shirts $"-': .... _t~ 
$4.99 & u 

~ . 

from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
LJCSD 
UOOK S 1 Ol~ E 

clothing dept. info 534-8530 
the sidewalk sale will be in 
front of the UCSD Bookstore 



" 

The UC D Guarruan Monday, March 8 1993 

UCSD Checks 
Aztecs, Beavers 
HOCKEY: Tritons gain playoffs for third straight year 
By Blair Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD ice hockey team fm-
ished its season with a rung, defeating 
both San Diego State University and 
Cal Tech to claim its third straight play-
off appearnnce. 

Last Tuesday night at the Sports 
Arena. the T ritorL'i defeated the Aztecs, 
2- 1. The win enabled UCSD to avenge 
their loss to SDSU earlier this season. 

Goaltender Paul McRae anchored a 
stingy Triton defense, allowing only 
one goal to the Aztecs, who had many 
scoring opportunities throughout the 
game. 

Leigh H.su gave the Tritons a I-D 
lead early in the fir.;t period, as he wrisred 
a shor into the upper left corner of the 
goal. pasr An.ec neoninder Pete Lutz. 

prawling McRae. 
The remainder of the ganne was 

played evenly by both squads. with 
bone-crushing checks as the highlights. 

The Aztecs took numerous penal-
ties throughout the game, giving the 
Tritons several power-play advantages. 
Unfortunately, UCSD was unable to 
capitalize on the penalties until the fmaJ 
minutes of the contest. 

The Aztec penalties finally caught 
up with them, as Sean Turley took a 
dooble-minorpenaJty for roughing with 
three minutes remaining. 

The el(tended power-play gave the 
Tritons an excellent chance 10 seize the 
game-winning goal. 

Dan McOoweIIjGuara,an 
Erven Vallero glides past a bewildered Beaver during UCSD's 9-0 thrashing of Cal Tech on Friday. 

SDSU evened up the score as Bill 
Demke placedashol into the lower right 
comer of the goal, just inches past a 

With the Tritons pinching in the 
SDSU zone, Chris Johnson spotted an 
open Eric Ranheim parked in front of 
the A7J.ec net with two minutes to play. 
Ranheim made no mistake with his 

See HOCKEY, Page 11 

GREGG 

ummn 
Three Cheers 
For Stoney 

I don't J..now if you will ever rend 
this. Jim Stone. but th:mk you. 

My friends :md ( wem 10 the Gulb 
game on Friday. We sat there enjoying 
the game when who hould how up a 
few section! over but KNSD's spons 
anchor Jim tone. He was silting there 
I:lJking 10 sellli-maloCot Migilly Mike 
who plays his drum like a hyperJCtive 
thrcc-ye;u--old after Ii king the frosting 
bowl. Of course Stoney. was looking 
perfectly bored talking to this lOUl 

So we. being very civic-mindecl. 
decided to roust or Jim from his bore-
dom. We started to chant .. toney! 
toney! Stoney!" in order to get his 

anemion. He and Mighty Mike parted 
ways and the Stone:,ter gOI up to leave, 
but as he did so he gave us a bad:ward 
glance and raised his hand in greeting. 

eedless to say, we were ecstatic at 
our good fonune. ot only were we 
seeing first-rate minor league hockey. 
but we caught the fleeting attention of a 
major localspol1sfigure. Lifewasgood. 

A few minutes later, after the initial 
euphoria had worn off, we were again 
engrossed with the action on the rink 
when Stoney himself walked down to 

8.5)( 11· 20twhite 
autofeed or saH serve 

the em pry c:e..1ts behind U, and <;al down. 
Our jaws dr pped as he smiled and 
a,ked u.\ how we were doing. 

" Fine." we tanllnered 
"Well.! ju.\t came over to sec what 

was gOll1g n vcr here," he continued 
agreeably. Many Ihings were running 
Ihrough my mind at Ihi ' m mem. Here 
I was. a budding ~pOIlS j umali~ and a 
legitimate. f,unous ~poll ing authority 
was sitting within anll '~ re<!ch. What 
~hould I a.,k him? How did you get 
where you are today? Do YOll have any 
advi e for those of us juS! st:lning out? 
What will free-agency do to the Fl.? 
Can you get me a job? 

Of course ( snid absolurely nothing. 
With all of th~ questions I had, all I 
managed to say was ''I' III a big fan."like 
thatanlbulatol)'meatloafwhodoe;,those 
NFL ads on CBS. Then he was gone. 

This brings us 10 a major point of 
contention. Regarding local portscast-
ers-dotheybitethebigoneorare lhey 
decent? Inherent in thi question is the 
whole Ted Leitner issue. People either 
seem to love him orwi h that he would 
t.'U1 doing the weather for a public 

access station in Newfoundland The 
consensu around the office is thaI he 
would make a fine wacky weathennan. 

Jim Stone. as we have alreadyestab-
lished. isa wonderfullllan. Jim Laslavic 
i cool. but he needs 10 spice his acl up 
a bit. He's tiff enough so that you 
expect a woodpecker 10 take up resi-
dence sometime soon. And the guy on 
Channel IO? Who knows? Do they 
even have a pons report? 

Jason 
Robyn I"aba, UCSD's number~ slniJes player, led the Tritons to a win over Cal State Los Angeles. 

Tritons Ground Golden Eagles, 5-4 
WOMEN'S lENNI&: UCSD handles Division II Cal State Los Angeles 
By Bree Segal 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's tennis team 
weated out the hottest day of 1993 so 

far. defeating Cal State Los Angeles 
on Saturday in L.A. 

UCSD stole the show once again 
walking away with an impressive 5-4 
victory. Although DivisionllCSULA 
pia ed seventh in the country last 
year, the win came easier for UCSD 
than originally anticipated. 

The women left San Diego at 7:30 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

a.m. and returned at '8:30 p.m., put-
ting in an arduous 13 hours of com-
petitive play, long rallies, and power-
ful serves."1t was a great match. They 
[CSULA] were strong atthetopofthe 
ladder and dropped off faster," said 
Birdie Gessford, UCSD's number-
four player. Gessford has confidence 
in the strength of UCSD. demon-
!rated by the team's unbeaten record. 

"I played for sil( hours.l was 0 beat. 

Reflecti ng the season so far, 
Gessford observed " We've all had 
lOugh matches, we're undefeated, 
we're ready to battle and be tough. 
New players in the ladder make it fun, 
everybody is real eager. it's a close 
team this year." 

It was really hot, everybody put up a 
good fight," she said. 

The Tritons lost to CSULA 's num-
ber-onedoubles tearn, tying the score. 
Mounting tension stirred upeven more 
heat on the courts. The deciding win 
was seized by Gessford and Yumi 

See W. TENNIS, Page 11 

Let Our Personal Attention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

The Prinlclon Review LIlHIA.Iri: th.1I 
"1ll~ 1I d;I"'~c'\ arc C"''-CI1II.J1 in unJcr 
10 £,('1 .1 hlg.her "cnre on )uur 
J;,aJu.ltc M.hool ex.un. 
Th f lli \4 hy our l.Ia~G(' range from 
121015 'iWdCnl 'i and arc grouped 
by shared trenglh< and 

wea~nes~" If Y'lu need c,tra 
help. YUUf 1O~lrUl' lur Will work 
With you 111 pcr~tln un"l you fully 
undcr"'l:tIld the m.Hcrml. 
And )'UUf score impro\cmcnl i .. 
guarantced. Perhaps Ihal'~ '" hy 
we're the rll'i I e.~1 growing Ie'" 
prcp;u3lion c~rs~. 

Our "111;,11 c1a'i'c' produce: hi!! 
rc ... ulls. Con'Huer our average ~orc 

1Il1rruVCI11Cnl~ 

LSAT IUpoin" 
GMAT - 85 puj .. " 
GRF - 215 poinl< 

~t AT .1 p"onlS 
Te~1 prep wllh a pcrsonalluuch and 
guarnnlccd rc~!\UIICi; thal\ 1 he 
Pnocclon ReView, 

THE 
PR IN ETO~-
~~~ 

We Score More 

619-558-0500 

Monday , March 8, 1993 

A.S,/COlLEGE SENATORS SAY: 
SPEAK OUT! 

Do you have a concern abo ut 
UCSD? Wan! information on your col-
lege or UCSD? Talk to your Senator . 
These peopte represent you on the A.S. 
Council. and wanl to hear what you 
think. 

Office Hours arc held weekly: 
John Barnes, Reve lle Freshpersoll 

Senator: Thursdays. 3 - 4 pm in the 
Senator Cubicles. Third Floor. Price 
Center. 

Bik-Na Park. Warren Freshperson 
Senator: Mons, Weds, Fris. 12:30 -
I :30 pm in the Computer Room. Third 
Floor. Price Center. 

All Senators can at so be contacted 
at 534-4450 or through your College 
Dean 's Office. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Floor. Come and 
get involved!! 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Apply for exciting new positions on 
the ASUCSD Academic Affairs 
Board. For more information, call 
5344450, or get an application 
from the A.S. Receptionist, Third 
Roor, Price Center. 

NEWSPAPER EDITOR WANTED 
Apply to be Editor-in-Chief of the 
A.S. newspaper. Position is paid . 
Other editors, writers, designers, 
photographers, and other staff 
wanted also. For more information, 
call 5344450, or pick up an 
application with the A.S. Reception-
ist, Third Roor, Price Center. 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
Artwork is needed for this year's 
festival. Do you have the talent to 
draw this year's flyers and t-shirts? 
Drop off your submissions with the 
A.S. Receptionist , Third Floor, Price 
Center by Friday, March 12. You 
could win a $50 gift certificate! 

ATTENTION STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS 
Last day to apply for a booth for 
the Sun God Festival is Friday, 
March 12. Applications are 
available outside the A.S. 
Receptionist's office , Third Floor, 
Price Center. For more information, 
call 534-4450. 

CAFE DIANA AT THE CHt 
Come kick it at your own student-
run coffee house. Listen to music, 
poetry, or silence. Coffee and food 
at the best prices in town right on 
your own campus. Atmosphere's 
on the house. For more informa-
tion, call 625-8397. 

ATNESS AND NUTRITION 
S.O.L.O. leadership seminar series 
presents a session on 
implementing and evaluating a 
new, healthier lifestyle. For more 
information, call 534-0501. 

MuSIC NIGHT AT THE CHE 
Every Wednesday, 10 - 11 pm at 
Cafe Diana at the Che we have 
acoustic guitar, piano, violin ... 
depends on our mood. Maybe 
some jau or even rock. Come in 
and tell us what you want to hear. 
For more information, call 625-
8397. 

The UC 0 Gllurdiall 

ble planets ~~~E:.i.~ 
Aprlt ut (no Jok., 

8pm • The PUB 
St. SS.dY . • a .A _ 510.,,_ 

MUSUM AWARENESS WEEK 
Movies and discussions every 
evening, second week of Spring 
Quarter. Muslim Student Associa-
tion wishes all "Ramadhan 
Mubarak." 

POETRy/OPEN MIKE AT THE CHE 
Come read your writings or your 
favorite poet's work every Thursday 
from 10 -11 pm and Midnight - 1 
am at Cafe Diana at the CM. Find 
out how to get your works pub-
lished. For more information, call 
625-8397. 

RADIO CAUFAS 
Tune in to radio interviews and 
music for the raza Sundays from 
noon - 2 pm on KSDT. For more 
information, call 534-3616. 

511 at-thtHIoor 
UC5D Box Office 

,...,., .. u .,It .... tI~ ...... '.0. 

STANLEY H. KAPLAN 
PROFESSIONAL/GRADUATE 
SCHOOL SEMINARS 
"How to get into Medical School ," 
Wednesday, April 7, 7 pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom. "How to get 
into Law School or Graduate 
School ," Thursday, April 8, 7 pm in 
the Price Center Ballroom. RSVP 
by Friday, April 2, 452-3785. 

VOZ FRONTERIZA 
Come to the newspaper meeting 
every Monday at 4 pm in room 
211.3 , second floor, student 
center. We will discuss our next 
issue and plans for the TV and 
radio programs. 

GOT A PROBLEM 
WITH UCSD? 

SO FIX IT! 
Run for Associated Students 
Eleded Positions: 

President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 
Vice President Finance 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Communications 
Commissioner of Operations/ 

Services & Enterprises 
Commissioner of Programming 
Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
College Senators 

A sue S D 

GENERAL 
o . 00 
000 0 
. 00 0 

ELECTION 
SPRING ' 93 

- File for office beginning: 
Monday, March 1 
with the A.S. Secretary, 
Third Floor, Price Center 

- Last day to file: 
Monday, March 29 

- For information, call 534-4450 

L5 

EARN $2500 
Oppose the $2500 

Fee Increase! 
Write to Gov. 

Wilson and your 
Legisla tors * 

• Pick up tltldrcsses tlnd sample 
leiter at EDNA 

"'11' you'd like to help us. please 
call Colin Wilsoll or David Kim at 

534.4450 A.S . Extemat Affairs 
Office. 3rd Floor P. . 

Tips on \Vril ing Lt!lIcrs 

! ~cLel~~ r~"o~1or(' ;f~'~~ ,I \ ~.'."rli'~:c~lr,:~ ~~~~"'f~~: : 
have _.Heeled you and tlH." IIUp.I,,' of fllth",. 
Incre .. ,.e~ 
2 . In*,ullhl~ ur thrt.' 01h!IH"g letter iH(" 
cou rHerproduCllv\' , 
3 . InC'lude yo ur n ,\n\~ anJ .h.ldr{'~3 In the 
l"th.'hi 
.. . F.111(n,· up on yuur Icller \' • .'ith ,l" .. )flu', 

~~t~~"l~{ ~ \)~~;'~'re t~~llliH! GC.l\' IH'Id ) ,Iur hl",,) 
:;ftt)~~''ti(» .. (~:t"ll~':' t~~It~I;~~ ~~ ':I,~""I~'lj(I~~I; 
fur IIw~e .lddl'"("~lt\!~' . 
ta . [nc()ur"~c )nur pi'fCnl lt. 'rlc-nd .... _II1\J 
le"cher" tu \\ ri te letterlt . 

'"Lcller!Jo rC411)' ..Ill millo.e I' d,Hcr('ncf' , A ,S , 
I~ ,t('rn al A((;\ ln, And UCSA hl\\'t' Itlbb",!oh 
luciJlly .\nd in S,'c r,,"'~nh' . but their (lft,\rh 
need lu be bdl~kl"d ul' With h,lter:. , 

For your pleasure hera'. Pele'. San mega Oll~ . 

P'I' Wlt.an 
S19) 52!5~.641 
13!50 Front St, 1I6 Fit ' 605. 
San 01-00, CA 92101 

Mail your le tter to all your re l)resentatives. 
' \_..toI",.,. ..... _t ........ _1 

Put the m in our Drop box 011 the left side of 

the main gy m teps . 

Thursday Movie 

Pri ce Center Theatre 

6:30 9:00 11 :30 

Marcil Iltil 
Ti c k e t s: 
$1 in advance 
$2 day of show 
I 

sponsored hy A.S. Programming and AKlP 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hey! Are you interested in volunteer 

work? If SO, we have a great 
opportunity for you right here on 
campus! The Volunteer Connection i 
beginning the application process for 
next year. All positions will be 
available next year, so. come on by if 
you are interested. 

Are you or your organization 
interested in making an elderly 
person's day a little brighter? If so, 
contact Molly at the office. 

Volunteer Connection is located on 
the second floor of Price Cenler across 
from the elevator. Come by, or call us 
at 534-1414. 

A.S. Newsftashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD, Student organizations may 
advertise In the A.S. Newsftashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary 's office, 
third floor. Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition, 



J6 T he C 0 Guardian 

cougars Prey On UCSD 
VOIJ.EYBAI.I.: Tritons extend 
Cougars to four gam in 10 
By Blair Ridley 
SlaffWnler 

111e Omen'~volleybailleam,ba kt full-
,>trength nncr thl! n:tum of ;evcral key players. 
played an aggre\.\ive f, ur-game match again."t 
Bngham Young Univer..i ty 00 Saturday night 
bef, n: Io:.ing, 15-7, 15-9, 10-15, 15-8. 

The Triton~. playing 
before an excited home 
crowd. were led by Tom 
Black. who am.l'>scd 25 
ki lb. two '1010 bloc~ ;c,~l\t'>. 
one \010 bl .~ and t\\O '>1:1 -
\ Ice J 'e,> . BI"c~ pn:vlOu,>ly 
1111 ,>cd \C\ crJllllatche.'>du . 
tll;lJllIlledMOIl1,l hmu\Clc. 

L • J) played .111 four 
g;unc,> c1o'>l:ly" Ilh BY. a 
top-10 te.lm from the 
Mountain PaCific Spons 
Federatl n. fon:the ou-
gar.. pulled away in the fi r..L 

\ccond and founh gmnc\, to win the mat h. 
Thc Triton,> '>laked a 2-0 lead in the fiN game. 

before ule Cougar.. clawed their way hack. to a 7-
:' lead. l:C D cUllhe margin to 7 -6 u~mg fabul u,> 
Stevc Krcnl\Cr -,crves.throwing the RYlI defen.-.e 
( ff-guard. 

When it appeared that Ul!.: Triton,> \\ere about to 
n.:t.lke the lead. the Cougal dalllled li\e '>trJight 
poinb lhlng .. n·ong hilling to grab ;1 12-6 edge. 
BY tool. thrL'e of the IlC\t tour poinL\ to ..eile the 
Ii I .... t g;U11C. 15-7. 

111C ",,'Cond game \t;utcd much lik~ the tiN. 
\\ith the Tril n\ t.tl-ing the carl~ bd.2 O. 110\\-
ever. thc ollgar.. , tru Uor tour llf thdr l1\\n lI'Iing 
Kevlll ll,unbl>" dCJdly jump-~rvc\. 

H.unbl) ended the match with a tf<ll11-high ~5 
l-i1b. tour \ef\ ict' :I(:e~. four bl 'I- a.\'>i\l~. :md two 
dig~ . 

The Tritons lied the game.! rwi e. at 6-6 <U1d 
(J-I). bm Iheycouldn't pUllogethera ~tring of points 
to claim the lead. Shawn Patchell (md con Larldn 
t'::ll11ed up for a block to give the Cougan; a 10-9 
lead. 

Jason RitChie/Guartllan 
Tom Black gets hangtime on the way to one of his team-leadlng 25 kills Saturday night. 

From that point on. BY didn't look back. 
After a sensational !kIVe by Tritons Ty!.On Kerr. 
Marc Alms and Mall Minehan, Cougar Ethan 
WartS hammered a kill for a two-point lead, 11-9. 

A scrvi e a e by Patchell follow I by anOlher 
Warts kill enabled BYU to jump ahead. 14-9. 
Larkin SI<U11med the door on 

blocking. 
However. the Cougan; regrouped and eventu-

ally tied up the score at 8-8. Triton errors coupled 
with improved Cougar bi king led BYU to take 
the nexi seven points mld the game. 15-8. 

Minehan linbhed the match with two kills. 
three block assists and one 

UCSD with a perfect kill 
which ended the g;mle. 15-9. The Scoreboard 

~Io bl k.Smith was second 
on the ~uad with 17 kills and 
two blocl. ~i IS. Wan fini hed with 16 

kill... ninedigs,and:m impres-
sive I ~ block asshs. 

UCSD 7 9 15 8 

BYU 15 15 10 15 U SD Head Coach Rod 
Wilde :>aid he was happy with 

BYU came out ~trong in 
the third g:lmc. jumping out to a 5-2 lead. The 
Tritons received a wake· up call from a Tr.lvis 
Ferguson (mdTy 'on KelT biock to get back into the 
game . .It 7-6. 

U SD took the lead, 10-9. with a Black solo 
bloc I.. Strong defensive play by Minehan <U1d 
T.1\ I r Smith atapulted the Tritons to a 14-10 
lead. B \ teve Hieta hit into the net to end the 
game. 1:'·10. 

UCSD COntinued its surge in the fourth game. 
jumping out to <U1 8-3 lead wil11 Minehan and 
Fergu n paving the way wil11 strong serving and 

his team" effon."1 was real 
pleased with their intensity and their level of play." 
hes.1id.emphasizing l11at the team is '' stillleaming 
how to win. but tonight was a big step in the right 
dircction." 

Black. who leads the squad in kill per game on 
the..e'l'>On. was also pleased with his team 's perfor-
mance again ' [S the Cougan;. 

"We've been improving throughout the sea-
son. Last night was our 'trongCiit match of the year. 
We didn't fold," he said. 

He added, "r think we real ly took a big tep in 
the right direction:' 

Jason R~chle/GuarClian 
Matt Minetwl had two kills a&ainst BYU. 

The Headline Matchup: Women's tennis ¥s. Iowa State, Tuesday at 3 p.m., Muir Courts 

Monday, March 8,1993 

Tritons 
The Story 
At Torrey 
GOIP. Tritons mop up 
rest of coUege division at 
Torrey Pines course 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Conjuring up images of Clint 
Eastwood infonming his latest victim to 
"say your prayers" before coolly wasring 
another villain. the UCSD golf ream re-
layed its own icy calm message to arch-
nemesisMemodistCollegeofFayetteville, 
Nonh Carolina with a brilliant individual 
and tcrun perfonmanceat the43rd Annual 
Southern Califomi::! [ntercollegiate Golf 
Championshipsheldat South Torrey Pines 
Friday and Saturday. 

"'There hould be some sweaty palms 
in Fayelleville tonight." said UCS D Head 
Coach Mike Wydra. "We sent a preny 
strong message to all of the competition 
with our performance here, but probably 
the most satisfying results heetwasfaxed 
to [last year's NCAA champion] Meth-
odist." 

This year's SoCal Champion 'hip 
fie lded 19 tearns. nine compeling at the 
university level (Division I and [J schools) 
and JO at the college level (Division ill 
schools). The best four scores ofa team of 
ix golfers were counted with a round of 

72 being par for the course. 
UCSD's A-team dominated the col-

lege level, recording scores of 311-317 
for a two-<lay total of 628. The Tritons' 
closest competitors, Cal Lutheran, fin-
ished 44 shots back with 672. UC Irvine 
took the university division with a score 
of 61 J, followed by USD aM Cal Stat.e-
San Bemardino, both totaling 627. 

UCSO's Jim O'Grady overcame two 
triple bogies to lead all college scores wil11 
rounds of 75-80 for a total of 155 and 
Jeremy Moe captured second, shOOling a 
157. Dale Abraham andTom Brown tied 
for fourth with a total of 161 and Pete 
Roben nailed down sixth place with a 
162. Brock Shafer' s score of 164 was 
good enough forninth. to round off the A-
team's fUlal tally. 

"Considering thac the green condi-
tions were fast and hard these scores were 
astronomically high," exclaimed Wydra. 
"[Pulling] was like trying to stop a ball on 
l11e hood of a car." 

The 7-0Tritons' stellar perfonnance 
this weekend assures them of a berth in 
the NCAA national tournament, to be 
hosted by UCSD at the South Torrey 
Pines course. 

UCSD's B-team collapsed afteramo-
mentary lapse of com;enuation as two 
members of the team were disqualified. 
but it still managed tohookthesixth-place 
spot. most notably defeating the perennial 
bonom-<lwelling Poets of Whittier Col-
lege. 

See GOLF, Page 11 

Other Games: Men's volleyball vs. Indiana-Purdue UnIVersity. Tuesday at 3 p.m., Main Gym. Baseball at Cal Lutheran, Wednesday. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. MARCH 8, 1993 . PAGE S1 

• Some of UCSD's best 
teachers discuss a skill 
which is often lost in the 
emphasis on research 

Bl'VA VID SOIr: .1s.SOCIAm j·l;"lnWiS 
EDnOI?..f[;s)lCA roXG; SrtFF IOiflliJ<. , ISD 
BEN FREUND, Ff.ifH. 'RES Ef)fJ OR 

ET'S FACE IT. ALL T!lINGS BEING 

equal, at 8:30 in the morning 
both you and the prof would 
rather be horizontal and saw-
ing some proverbial timber. 
But in college, thingsare never 
equal or in your favor. So nt 
8:30 in the morning. you're 
slumped in a butt-worn chair, 
a fried paMry product of ~ee l11-
ingly supematural nutritious 
value clutched limply in hand, 
and thinking, possibly out 

loud, that no one as cool as yourself should be 
where you are al such an ungodly hour. 

The professor strides in, bedecked in dar-
ing yet practical puce. There is a spring in his 
step, you think you detect the faint glow of 
enthusiasm in his voice and his bald spot is 
unmistakably festive. 

As he begins the lesson, you notice that. 
by some mystical mechanism, you have be-
come engaged by the material. You detect a 
certain atmosphere n the auditorium which, 
at a more agreeable time of day, you might 
call sym biosis. You record the teacher's pearls 
of wisdom in your notebook. You occasion-
ally nod your head in knowing agreement, • 
realize that you are nodding and continue to 
do it anyway. 

Pausing for a moment, YOll marvel at the 
effonle artistry of the lecturer's style, and 
wonder ilently about what unholy bargain 
he must have struck to become such a teach-
ing m achi ne. such a dist ingu ished 
lccturemeister. 

Excellence in teaching, you muse. is cer-
tainly not achieved by the mere flaunting of 
an eccentric wardrobe. for if that were the 

See TEACHING, Page S2 

Michel Croft/Guarclliffl 

-. 



2 Monday, Mar h 8, 1993 

TEACHING: CAPE 
lets tudents ID teach-
ing's tars and stinkers 
Continued from page S1 
case, any prof on campus wonh hi velcro-
clasped hoes would be hailed as a teaching 
messiah. I it , you hypothesize, the un-
bridled ex appeal of their colored chalk 
and digi tal watche with the bui lt-in calcu-
lators that sets orne teachers apart from 
their colleagues? 

Polit ical Science Professor Phil Roeder, 
whom many tudents con istently identify 
as one of the be t lecturers they have had, 
wishes he knew the answer, too. ''I'm happy 
I rate so highly, but I don't have any keen 
insight as to why I do," he says of hi~ 
continuous reign as one of the kings of 

APE (Course and Profe sor Evaluations). 
11le top-rated profs agree that when they 
~ lIcces~fully communicate their zealous 
pa sion fonhe subject at hand, their lectures 
are decidedly more palatable. To achieve 
th is, in~tructor~ employ a range of ignature 
tricks . Chemi try Professor Barbara awrey 
per\onally swean. by the occtl\ional con-
trolled e'\pl o~ive. 

"Mo~t days I bring in a canoon for the 
overhead projector or article ' that relate to 
what we're learning. Lecture demon~tra­
ri ons are good icebreakers at the beginning 
of class, or a good hange of pa e in the 
middl e. If the c las~ i ' fa ll ing a leep, I' ve 
been known to blow up a hydrogen bombor 
~olllething because it makes a loud n ise," 
,he \[IY, with a grin. 

A popular legend about lben Ein~tein 
holds that , despite hi~ unpJralleled knowl -
edge of the physb of the universe, he 
couldn't leach worth a damn. Thi~ appar-
'::1111) cau~ed endlel>~ fru ·tra tion among Ihe 
Prim:elon nivcrsi ty undergrads he at -
tempted to 1Il ~,[ruct. Howeverawe-ilhpiring 
his thcoretical ability, Ein,tcin', stuuenb 
Lou ldn't fathom hi~ rno,t b~ic pl emise\. 

U D i, il,clf 111 a con,tam slIllggle 
\1 Ilh t11l', drlelllma. Tile abilit), of a prok~­
,or to leach I, genaall) nOI Ihl! ~rngk most 
uc~irablc qllalification of <I pOlentlal hill!l:. 

Profc~sors ure brought to the call1pu~ for a 
~.lril!t) of other n.::",on,. IIlciuding the qual-
lIy and rckvance of their resean:h, their 
.lC"demit: rcputullon. and their abilit) to 
ura\\ n:,eJr~h fund, to UC D. 

Prok"nr, admit Ir<!<! ly th,lt their de-
tarled I.nowleuge or. ~~Iy, fem"le poct of 
14th c~ntury China uoes not necessarily 
translate into an abIlity to ma!':1! that subject 
interesting and understandable for students. 
The task of lecturing in front of a large 
group of student is difficull to master and 
doc, not cOll1eaulOll1atically witllthe Ph.D. 

The University of California's recent 
effort to emphasize its teaching with the 
ame urgency that it does researeh points to 

a problem students have complained about 
for years: orne profe ors, regardless of 
the.ir research prowess in the field, imply 
cannOlteach. 

Worse, a few seem to con ider teaching 
a required, nasty drawback of attaining a 
professorship. This att itude can urface in 
their lecture style and is often manife ted in 
lheirdemeanor when forced to dea l directly 
with students. 

CAPE, a student-run organizarion at 
UCSDwhich coliects student opinionsabout 
cIasse and professors, works to identify the 
profe or whom students rJte as uperior 
teachers. With all the recent hubbub over 
the imponance of teaching versu research, 
CAPE' job has taken on increased impor-
tance. 

According to CAPE members, a hand-
ful of profe~ors at UCSD regularly score 
high mark~ with student for their teaching 
ability. These fa ulty members know how a 

profe~or transfornls him or herself from a 
mere gatherer of knowledge into a success-
ful purveyor of that I.n wledge. 
Bad Apples 

1110Ugh few students can readi ly iden-
lify the un iquequalitie\ whi h seta superior 
teacher apart from the rest, most can easily 
describe a bad teacher. Everybody has their 
horror Mories about professors who were 
incoherent , arrogant, dull, unapproachable 
or "e) All of the above." 

Fifth ollege enior rica Johnson says 
she knows bad teaching when she sees it. ,, ' 
once had this art profes or, and he would get 
all hostile when people :u.ked him ques-
t ions, even if they ju~t wanted to know what 
an i ~ 1 did the ~ I ide he wa~ ~howing u . 

"A bad teacher i~ ~omeone ~o fi t into an 
a adem ic niche that he or ~he can't see the 
big picture of" hat heor ,he is tC<Iching. ft ', 
not good When they get 100 rnsulated in their 
own tield," add!> Johnson. 

Juhan Lin, a Fifth C \lege M!ni r, ~;)y~ 
that Ihe l/ualllY of thl! teaChing he has en-
countered \\hile pur~uing h l~ major in po-
liti al ~clencc has varied. For him, a jaded 
and hw,tile profes,or i, not always su h a 
bad thing. Lrn ,ay~ he ureadl. a by-the-book 

• lecturer. 
"I thlnl. that what mal.es:J good profe,-

sor IS I not \Imply give infomlatlon, but to 
teach things that an: different from what is 
in the bool. ... to teach a different way of 
thi nking," .,ay~ Lin. 

", once had a professor who lectured 
lI-aight from the book, and I totally lost my 

incentive to go to c1~," he rc:ca lls. "The 
acwal role of a teacher is to get us to look at 
things difTerently from the book. , don't 

Dr. 5.'.y O.D. 
• • visioncare 

mind an'ogance so much because it 's not at 
the expense of my learning:' 

When CAPE pas~e out it evaluation 
fOllllS to a class, the students have an em-
powering 15 minutes to pmi e or trash 
their pl'Ofe,~or . "1 think student in geneml 
all! re<l lly con, tructi ve wi th their CAPE 
comments," says CAPE Director 10hn 
Washburn. "For the 1110St part, they're all 
pretty honest since thcy'rea\l anonymous." 

" 1 don't J..now how seriously profeswrs 
t:l1.~ it, but it doe put theswdents in power 
for one day," say, Lucy Han, a "runner" for 
CAPE who hc1psdistributeevaluation fornls 
to classes. 

Ilan says that some professors tend to be 
"anal" abollt letting CAPE cover theirclas ' 
if they have received poor student evalua-
tions in the past. "But. I mean. it's better 
thall not having any eva luations at al l." 'he 
.,ays. 

"Profe 'sors realize that always getting 
bad evaluations doesn't mean they' ll get 
fired," add Washburn. 

Despite some profe sors' anxiety over 
receiv ing negative comment , many appre-

ciate and even value student criticism. "It 's 
a good opportun ity to get into the feedback 
lOOp." says Sawrey. "Professors have to 
realize that they shou ld just look at the 
trends instead of at (he single statements. 
It 's hard fora profe. sornot to look attheone 
dcrog;rtory comment." 
Good Eggheads 

The CAPE fom1s have inevitably pro-
duced a list of what students see as the stars 

The UC D Guardian 

and tinkel among their 'I fessors. Teachers 
seeking to improve their le,t uring skills-or, at 
the very least, their popul 'rrty with students-
would do well to observe th.lt some character-
istics '.lfe shared by 111.I1Y of the top-rated 
professors. 

Convey ing enthusiasi l lor the subject-mat-
ter is cruci;rlto holding st lllcnts' attention, but 

ex pres~ing pass ion is of tell anathema for some-
one used to wearing a SIt :1 scholastic frown. 

m 

"You gOlla understand there's a bumout 
process," explains Mathematics Professor 
James Lin. " I don't know of too many 
people th:1I can teach the same thing for 20 
years ~lIld \how the same kind of brilliance 
and enthusiasm. There are people that just 
have a real hard time walking into a lecture 
ilnd showing SOf1le enthusiasm." 

Lin says he keeps his energy level lip 
Ihrough constant contact with the students 

A good teacher is som eone w ho 

is down-to-earth and comes down fronl his orbit of academia - someon e you 

can really talk to and not worry if wi ' t you said was gramatically correct. 

ERICA J OIIN"ON 
Fijib Cofh{I..!.(' 'L'llio/' 

. .. 
• 

Micha Croft/ GuardIan 

in his class. He makes a point of pau ing 
every 10 minute to check that hi. . tudent 
are still following his argument, and not 
mindlessly copying the numbers down in 
their notebook . "r get a real kick out of 
seeing them understand something," hesays. 

A common affl iction of professor teach-
ing in impersonal lecture halls is the ten-
dency to lapse into "academcse," or incom-
prehensibly technical jargon to which tha 
professor ha long since grown accustomed, 
but i completely foreign to the average 
tudent. 

Music Profe sor Steven Schick b aware 
that thL can often keep student from fol-
lowing his lectures. ' 'Teaching essentially 

i~ communication of one sort or another," 
he says. "When I talk to a large group of 
people, [try to teach in a waysimilarto how 
I would teach a small group." 

Students are thankful for this approach . 
.. A good teacher," says Johnson, "i some-
one who is down-to-earth ar.d come down 
from hi orbit of academia - someone you 
can really talk to and not worry if what you 
aid was grammatically correct. " 

The aura of dusty books and impressive 
knowledge can often follow a professor 
after cJas is over. Oftentimes students feel 
too intimidated to talk with their profe ors 
or ask que tions. Sawrey thinks her popu-
larity among her students is panly a result of 
her effort to appear human. 

"r am, forthe most part, an approachable 
person. I laugh a lot .. . a lot of times at 
myselfand themi'take I make. I remember 
being in the place of the students, sitting in 
their seats. r remember what it was liketo be 
them." 

The ability to make the course material 
relevant to everyday life is also a valuable 
skill in piquing tudents' intere l. 

Robert Swanson, a popular phy ic pro-
fe sor, explains that he tries to empha' ize 
that what students are leaming is imponalll 
becau e it will apply to the things they need 
to know later. 

Sociology Professor Hugh Mehan says, 
"I try to bring the theoretical ideas that are 
important in sociology to li fe for the stu -
dent~." ccompanied by a healthy dose of 
humor, th is technique helps make his large 
classes more personable leaming environ-
ment . 
Elbow Grease 

College ,Iudents are often a demanding 
bun h. TIleynotonly like theirprofessors to 
be animated ~md interesting in class, but 
they expect some substance beh ind t he ideas 
thrown at them. They demand that the pro-
fessor present his ideas in a coherent and 
understandable fashion, and they want to be 
challenged and stimulated. To accomplish 
this, college professors have to tea h well 
and know their stuff. 

" I like(Political Science] Professor( Vic-
tor] Magagna because his courses are intel -
lectually challenging and he doesn't jUM 
lecture Mmight from the book," says Julian 
Lin. "In his lectures, l don' t have to l i~ten to 
the thing~ I just rC<ld." 

Mathematics Professor Richard Pi lgrim 
garners kudos for his lectu res, but student~ 
often complain that his tests are too harcl. 
Pilgrim !.uggests that what makes his class 
worthwhi le i, the fact that it does po~e a 
signiticant challenge to the students. Al-
though he believes CAPE b useful. he say, 
he doesn 'tu~e the evaluations 10 "pander" 
to student desire~ for an easier curriculum . 

Schick agrees that laudatory commel1l~ 
from the students themselves aren't the 
end-all and be-all of productive teaching. 
"It 's not always a great compliment to be 
loved by everyone in the class. Some of [ the 
most reward ing classes I took] were at the 
time the most frustrating, I think the beM 
kind of teaching instills a que ting, search-
ing mentally." 

" I could perform until I was blue in the 

face," says Communicat ions Professor 
Va'erie Hartouni , "but the students won't 
get anything out of it until they do the 
work." 

The most a professor can do is inspire his 
orher tudent to pursue knowledgeontheir 
own. After all the talking and demonstrat-
ing is done, ult imately it is the student who 
must commit to leaming. 

"r think students are challenged in [my( 
class," ays Hanouni. "It 's a drag at fi rst, 
but if they really work hard, they get more 
power, and they attribute that to me when 
it 's really them. It 's not about a profe 'sor 
being groovy or neat or anything like thaI. 
The success is all attributed to a student 
working hard." 

"1 don' t like lecturing," says Literature 
Professor Frances Foster. " I'm good at it, 
but that's not how you teach literature. 
Students need to take the responsibility for 
leaming what they have to learn ." 

Foster likes to Lleute learning sit uations 
by "putting students on the ~pot often." 
Teachers as Humans 

According to Han, Roeder "jI.llte man." 
His student approval rating rarely falb be-
low 100 percent. even in clu~ses lilled with 

hundred~ or studenh. 
Whal does UCSD's ~tar leacher rt:vc;rl 

to be the secret of his su 'ces~? A.l.ed if he 
employs any special techniques 10 impan 
his wisdom unto the hordes of students who 
enroll in his classes, Roeder scratches his 
head in honest and endearing stupefaction. 

"I have no idea," he explains. "I try to 
maintain a high level of energy and impan 
some enthusiasm for the material. although 
I'm not sure of whether or not I ~ucceed. 
Every once in a whi le, ' try to project my~e1f 
into (he po~ilion of the audience. to see how 
I would take the infol1l1ation my ·clf." 

Roeder notes that a~ he reflect, back to 
when he was a student . he feeh that tht' 
professors who made the greatest comribu -
tion to his leallling were one!> whom he did 
not regard vely highly at the time. The 
lasting impression they create in the minds 
of student, i ~ the only reliable measure of 
the ~ucce\s of teachers, he says. 

wanson maintains that college students 
need to ~ce their professor~ in a differcllt 
per\pecli\'.: "Most students don 't realile 
that unil er,ity profe~sorsare not high ,chool 
teacher;. leaching more advanced Illater'ial. 
They are their own professionab. They do 
their own rc~earch, they ca rty their own 
medical practices, they serve in govern-
ment positions. Teaching i ' actually only 
one-third of a professor's life." 

The tension between re~earch and teach-
ing, he says, is what makes learning more 
vital. " I th ink students like professo~ who 
do more than just teaching," says $w;lIlson. 

Serving 
LA JOLLI' 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER S ""nner ded !Irc:~ Join us for your favorite sports events on 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77~ 6780 Miramar Road 

2 miles east of 805 
(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578-6796 
------T- - ----I------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL II Dally We. e .... lete I COMBO SET I 

INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 
• Precision ground 

lenses S.V. 

S89 I I 
I OC Science I $36.00 OFF I Ed ....... CoItpItt. I S1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo. Choose from I B& L04 I Dlspou bln I a large selection of I 

I $9900 I S139?:'Tr& I frames and lenses I I I .~'!~.;,:~.::~ I $3 S0D I 
I COMPLETE I ~C:~:;"::=1n I OFF I L ______ l~~~~~~~ ____ _ _ ~ 

III Mexico, Ecuador, Paraguay, 
Work • Share 
You can have a summer full of adven-
ture and personal growth while im-
proving health for people of Latin 
America . .. 

Volunteer! 
Application deadline has just 
passed. Umited space available, 
APPLY TODA Yf 

Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Brazil 

• Live • Learn 
Write or call: 
Amigos de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
Houston, Texas 77057 
800/231-7796 

[10] & 
TVs 

PITCHER & POOL Night 
FREE SPECIAL 
Pool Pitcher Prices 

SUNDAYS! 
Absolut $250 Bloody 
Marys 

Drink Specials el Great Food 
:.POOL. TABLES .. 

No minimum. 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONEDAV 

Enlargements to 24" x 3611 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8'1/2 " x 1111 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

" 



, 

I 

The U D Guardian Monday. March 8, 1993 

RHENR 
WHAT MAKES A GOOD lEACHER? 

One you can pany with. For one, I like om:5 that can 
take time for ·tudent:., not 
ju~tllnloadablln h ot" erbal 
diarrhea and then lea e. 

TAU KLEIN D AVID BWMBERG 
Fifth enior 71Jirci JllIli r 

Photos and Interviews by 
JENNIFER V ANN 

Personaliry. me sense f 
u ndersta ndi ng, so they 

n~alize we're n t r I (s. 

KAREN SMII1I 
Wan'en ophomore 

Tht:y have to have concern 
and sen ' itivity for , tudenrs. 
They should take time (0 ask 
the students what their need 
and ~ ants are. 

TuONG NGUYEN 
.~[lIir enio,. 

"What A Great Experience!" 
Leaming th ' Language. 
Meeting People. 'omin fa c to 
face with hi ' tory, art and archi-
te turc, culture, food and fun. 
UNIVERSITY STUDIES 
ABROAD CONSOImUM ... 

mall c1asse . Per~oha l atten tion. 
Full accredit d - recei e uni-
versity cr dit. We provid grea t 
c1as in int n i e language, 
histor ,anthropolog ,a rt, 
bu ine 5, conomics, political 

i nc ... rganized fi Id trip 
and morc. YOll provide tlte 
ell tit lIsinSIII . 
University Studies 
Abroad Consort'Wm 
Uni ersity of N ada 
Library - 322 

Reno, Nevada 89357-0093 
(702) 784-6569 

CHILE • FRANCE • ITALY • SPAIN· AUSTRALIA • ENGLAND • JAPAN 

omeone who's clear, weU-
organized and has a genuine 
interest in the 'ubje t. 

MARKNICKAS 
Graduate Student 

Honolulu 
N .. York 
Washington DC 
lost" 
Mexico City 
London 
Frankfurt 

· .oJ1 tar", art tlcn way basfXl on a IOundtnp 
chas~ Taxt5 nee Inch;dUl. Sorre rt:stnc~ons 
SUJdtnt ,:atus may be ~ .. ,td 

IUI.//fMsses luued here. 

Coundl Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the P05t Office) 

451·0630 
SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
Guardian Advertising 534-3466 

r~--~-l 
~I 

DESIGN : 

HAIRCUTS 

$ 7 ~(~" ~1:.'(:,,,~,1,,(~ 
0( 111:: f I ,I ' ,~t., 1 

PER M S $5 OFF 
UNIVERSITY 

TOWNE CENTER 
(ActOss from Mann Theater) 4IM42O 

DEL MAR HIGHLANDS 
(Next to 'MleIehouse Records) 7tH131 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vans) 27~ 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) MM100 

TlERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 and Santo Rd.) 2tM423 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
WALK INS WELCOME 

MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L Must present coupon. exp. 3/22193 .J 
--------


