
Elsewhere 

Berke .. y Students 
Boycott Merchant 
BERKELEY - UC Berkeley 
students have organized a 
boycott against a local mer-
chant, Taek Kim, who is 
accused of macing an African-
American student during a 
vernal argument that escalated 
into a physical confrontation. 
The student, Berkeley Junior 
MruQuette Jones, said that Kim, 
a Korean-American, used ethnic 
slurs against him during the 
argument and that the merchant 
had shown hostility toward 
African-American customers in 
the past. The students said that 
the boycott is designed to show 
that "threats, harassment and all 
other forms of disrespect will no 
longer be tolerated." 

UCD Faces PaInful 
Cuts for '93-'94 
DA VIS - The UC Davis 
administration announced 
preliminary cuts in the 1993-
1994 budget last month. 
Decreasing financial resources 
may lead to the elimination of 
the Women's Resource Center, 
a 30 percent cut in the budget of 
the student health center and 
cuts in the athletic budget that 
may lead to the elimination of 
six out of 10 intercollegiate 
athletic programs and postpone 
the attempt to upgrade the 
school 's athletic programs to 
Division I status. 

RalnWalhe.~ 
UCLA Students 
LOS ANGELES - With the 
abundance of wet weather this 
winter, many students living in 
UCLA's Sunset Village have 
been plagued by flooded and 
moldy rooms. Students 
complain that housing authori-
ties ignored their complaints 
about the leaks and refused 
their repeated requests to move 
to different rooms. University 
housing officials disagree, 
saying that they offered the 
students alternative housing and 
reimbursement for damage to 
personal possessions caused by 
the rain. 

Inside 

DIGABLE 
HIATUS: A hot new rap act 
combines jazz and hip-hop in 
a fresh new way. It! 
SPORTS: Tennis sliced 
past Williams College on 
Monday afternoon. • 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES ............ 2 
OPINION ........... ................. .. 4 
OIATUS .. ........................... 01 
CLASSIFIEDS ........................ 5 
SPORTS ............................... 8 

T H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 2 

Students Pay 
Tribute to 
Revelle Junior 
tRAGEDY: Emilio Cruz, who died 
in a boating accident March 21, was 
remembered by family and friends 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

When Emilio Cruz was in high school, he and 
two Simi Valley High School classmates set out 
to build a model suspension bridge. They started 
with cardboard. Dan McDowell/Guardian A member of the Sigma Chi fraternity places a white rose on a makeshift altar during the 

ceremony yesterday. Two hundred students attended the emotional memorial. "But cardboard wasn ' t enough for him, we 
had to use wood. Then wood wasn't enough, he 
said we had to use steel," Stephanie Wong told 
the solemn audience that gathered yesterday to 
pay tribute to Cruz, the Revelle junior who was 
killed in a boating accident over spring break. 

on you and he would not let you be there alone." and teachers, how important they are. 

"Emilio drew up blueprints and all these 
formulas I didn ' t understand," recalled Wong, 
who had been Cruz's classmate since junior 
high. She and their other partner soon lost interest 
and went outside. When they returned, Cruz had 
constructed a six-foot bridge. 

One after another, friends of Cruz spokeofhis 
loyalty and dedication, his zeal for life and his 
genuineconcem for others. A crowdof200 stood 
in a semicircle around Stonehenge for the hour-
long, late afternoon memorial attended by his 
mother, Marion Cruz, and his longtime girl-
friend, Christine Leonard. 

"He [wasn ' t just my only son, he] was my 
favorite son, and 1 was his favorite mother, 
despite the competition from his friends' moth-
ers," Cruz said. 

The memorial included tributes by Cruz's 
fraternity, Sigma Chi, and the Pi Beta Phi soror-
ity, whose members placed flowers in memory 
of Cruz on an altar while singing the songs of the 
fraternity and sorority. 

"Emilio set lots of goals. He wanted to be the 
best he could, then rush headlong into something 
else," his mother said. "I wanted him to stop and 
feel the texture of life .. .. This is what UCSD 
allowed him to do. Thank you for filling out his 
life." 

Cruz, who later earned an A- average as an 
AMES major and aspired to earn advanced de-
grees in engineering, tested the model bridge by 
standing on it, and it held up. "But that wasn't 
enough. He said it had to be able to hold all three 
of us," Wong said. 

Cruz's mother read parts of a letter her son 
had written to her last year, in which he expressed 
his love and admiration. 

Cruz's mother also thanked the fraternity for 
creating a scholarship fund in his name, saying 
that the pursuit of knowledge was of utmost 
importance to Cruz. 

So, holding hands, the three students stood to-
getheron Cruz's bridge, which withstood the test. 

"If it were not for the love you showed, my 
son, if it were not forthis letter - and it is not the 
onlyone- [yourdeath] would be insupportable 
for us," she said, urging those in attendence to 
take the time to teU friends and relations, coaches 

Donations to the Emilio Cruz Memorial Fund 
can be sent care of Steve Batutis, Rancho Santa 
Fe Thrift & Loan Association, 251 N. El Camino 
Real, Encinitas, CA 92024. 

"That bridge symbolizes what Emilio was," 
Wong said. "He was stable, he would not break 

A.S. Candidates 
Kick Off Spring 
Campaigns 
ELECTION: Three 
students in the running 
for the presidency 
By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

The spring Associated Students 
general election campaign officially 
began this Monday when the can-
didates met with Elections Man-
ager Beth Gesson and the elections 
committee to overview the elec-
tion bylaws and campaigning pro-
cedures. 

After a trying year during which 
students saw the co-ops teeter on 
the brink of eviction, the Univer-
sity Center Board (UCB) be 
disestablished and fees rise by more 
than $1 ,000, the election is ex-
pected to focus on how such prob-
lems can be effectively addressed. 

Elections will be held April 5-7 
at the Price Center and in front of 
the Main Gym. 

After a brief introduction by 
Gesson, current A.S. President 
Mike Holmes offered his advice to 
the candidates. 

"'t is my opinion that you, as 

candidates, decide the tone and di-
rection of this election," he said. 
"The worst campaign is the one 
that tries to smear another candi-
date. That's not the way to win." 

Presidential candidates include 
Revelle Senior Senator and Col-
lege Council Vice Chair D.A 
Bartolotta, Third College Council 

. Chair James Hill and A.S. Vice 
President Administrative Randolph 
Siwabessy. 

Bartolotta is running indepen-
dent of any slate and said he plans 
to run on a "Jeny Brown [-type] 
shoestring budget." 

Bartolotta said that he views 
saving the co-ops, limiting fee in-
creases and developing a cohesive 
plan for A.S. autonomy that ac-
counts for the interests of the entire 
student body as the major issues 
that the next AS. president will 
face. 

See A.S., Page 3 

Final Co-op Agreement 
Still Proves Elusive 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

The Associated Students, 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA), the co-ops and the univer-
sity administration still have yet to 
come to an agreement over the 
original Memorandum of Under-
standingthatwassignedonJan.31. 

According to Groundwork 
Books co-op member Chloe Burke, 
there are four different drafts of the 
Memorandum of Understanding 
being circulated currently among 
the parties: the original draft, a draft 
with proposed AS. changes, one 
with proposed co-op changes, and 
the administration's version. 

Both the AS. and representa-
tives from the co-ops say there are 
still key issues to be addressed be-
fore any agreement can be com-
pleted. 

Burke cited the five-year space 
agreements that do not include guar-
anteed renewal options, liability in-
surance and the co-ops' non-profit 
status as the main issues to be ad-
dressed. 

Also at issue is the 
administration's replacement of 
UniversityGencral Counsel Joanna 
Beam with University DeputyGcn-

eral Counsel Gary Morrison, who 
counseled Vice Chancellor of Un-
dergraduateAffairsJoseph Watson 
to disestablish the University Cen-
ter Board CUCB). 

According to Burke, Morrison 
has been unresponsive to changes 
suggested by the co-ops and has 
tried to make major revisions to 
parts of the memorandum to which 
the parties have already agreed. 

"The AS. and the GSA are just 
puppets of the regents. They don't 
get their authority from the stu-
dents - at least that is what 
Morrison claims. We could run into 
more problems with [Morrison]," 
she said . 

AS. President Mike Holmes 
said that while the co-ops may think 
the AS. and the GSA are puppets 
of the regents, they are working 
toward autonomy. 

"[The AS. and the GSA] are 
campus units. I don't think we're 
puppets, because we're fighting on 
different issues than the university. 
We are not completely autonomous 
from the university, even though 
we arc working on it," he said 

An 8IIleIldment concerning p0s-
session of assets if • co-op dis-

See COOPS, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

Meel School To Conduct 
Women's Health Stu_ 
REIEARCII: UCSD named as a 'Vanguard Clinical 
Center'in nationwide effort; will receive $12 million 
., ...,. WalDott 
Senior StJJIf ~ 

for nine to 14 years. 

UCSD School of Medicine was 
tWDed Tuesday as one of J6cenrers 
in the country that will participate in 
an unprcc:edcntcd $62S million. IS-
year study of women's health sp0n-

As a "Vanguard Oinical Cen-
ter," UCSD will receive $12.2 mil-
lion over 12 years and will recruit 
3,490 women to be studied over 
nine years. By 1995, 29 more cen-
ters will be added to the study , bring-

sored by the Na-
tional Institutes of 
Health (NIH). 

Mn. ....... 
•• '11 collect will 
Ilk.., be .. of 
tile BIOSt Important 
In tile history of 
tile NIH.-

ing the tOlai num-
ber of institutions 
involved to 4S. 

Because of the 
Latino population 
in the surrounding 
community, 
UCSD was also 
selected as one of 

The study is 
expected to usher 
in "a new age in 
women's health 
research," accord-
ing to NnI Direc-
tor Bernadine 
Healy. 

The study, the 

_ Robelt LanCer, fourcemers to tar-
UCSD Study Director get minorities. 

"Nearly every-
thing we believe about major dis-
eases in older women has been 
learned from studies designed to 
look at diseases in men," said Rob-
ert Langer, an assistant professor of 
family and preventative medicine 
who will direct the UCSD study. 

Women's Health Initiative (WHI), 
wi1\ be the nation's largest clinical 
research project ever. Through a 
clinical trial and observational study, 
WIll will target major causes of 
death among women, such as heart 
disease, osteoporosis and cancer, 
and will investigate methods to en-
courage healthy behavior. 

"The work of this project is over-
due. This initiative is a first step 
toward equality for women's health 
research, and it needs to be fol-
lowed-up by ensuring the place of 
women 's health in the mainstream 
ofbiomedical research," Health and 
Human Services Secretary Donna 
Shalala said. 

A total of 160,000 postmeno-
pausal women aged 50 to 79 will 
participate in the nationwide study 

Langer called the selection of 
UCSD "a great achievement for San 
Diego, for the School of Medicine 
and for our Latino community." He 
added that "the database we'll col-
lect will likely be one of the most 
important in the history of the NIH 
and will carry our research here in 
Epidemiology well into the 21 st 
century." 

The system of 16 vanguard cen-
ters will span 15 states and will also 
include the UC Davis School of 
Medicine. 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Co-op N~ In his executive report, President Mike Holmes 
addressed the c<x>p issue, saying that there are three drafts of the Memoran-
dum of Understanding now Circulating: the administration 's version, the A.S. 
Council's version and a c<x>p draft. "It is my belief that many members of these 
negotiating parties, as well as the university community, are very confused 
about the specifics of each draft,' Holmes wrote, adding that his communica-
tion with the graduate students indicated "that they do not quite understand 
what has been proposed: The negotiators are hoping to meet April 10 to 
resolve the issues, but Holmes said that there is a chance the student groups 
may meet before then. 

FKlIItI .. ao.d- An A.S. proposal which consists of basic ideas for a fa-
cilities board to replace the recently disestablished UCB was approved by the 
Graduate Student Association, Holmes reported. The proposed board would 
focus on establishing its own autonomy and autonomy for the A.S. and GSA. 
'We don't know that autonomy is possible without the involvement of a facili· 
ties board, " Holmes said. He also expressed concern overthe GSA's approval 
of this "basic sketch· for a board. "I proposed these pages of conceptual ideas 
so that we would have a framework to start working with. To approve them as 
they are and without research seems absurd and dangerous, • he wrote in his 
report. "This may not even be viable, but it is something to start from,· he 
added. 

~ Pt .... a- Holmes distributed a letter which he, the chairs of the 
staff association and Chancellor Atkinson sent to all staff and faculty urging 
them to contribute money to a new scholarship program for low· and middle-
income students, The Academic Senate Committee for Undergraduate Scho~ 
arships and Honors will select the scholarship recipients. 

- ComplIed by EI ..... Camuso, Staff Writer 
, 

The UCSD CuardWa Thunday. April 1. 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

(q iN: 
~IR'i of II 
Silc .. Ysd· Old 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~U.O? iE':>, 1 \'IEE-D " 
IlOO'( 011 PAI~TING T\£OR'( 

AM!) 1t(IINlOOE . 

"''f lif~ IIq\ beEN -
fqS(i~qH"'G SEll.i~~ 
of ql>\ql.i\'l~ ""'pi olts , 
<IOout wMicll I I\~' 
..,-NY pa..fo" .... 

,,,+ f'-HICl;, t&ot« of 
It I~ 'IN'! of ~OIMI <I" .. ", 

bu\iM~'~. ,.. \loon o"t! 
Tile ~N~ . 

~w..T 0t4 ~ ~ U4~ 
sPat~ KIR ~"i 0.4 

<:H£R 1\IEitE ? 

Researcher Awarded For Ceo-Mathematics 
Dr. Ute C. Herzfeld, an assistant research 

geomathematician/project scientist at Scripps Institu-
tion of Oceanography, was the recipient of the intema-
tional Association for Mathematical Geology's (iAMG) 
President's Prize for 1992. She was honored for her 
"original and outstanding contribution to the application 
of mathematics to the geological sciences." 

Herzfeld came to Scripps in 1988 as a Feodor Lynen 
Fellow of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in 
Bonn, Germany, Her research interests include 
geomathematics, marine geology and geophysics, 
bathymetry and satellite altimetry over ice sheets. 

Psychiatry Professor Named 
Distinguished R_rcher 

UCSD Psychiatry Professor Marc Schuckit was named 
the 1993 Distinguished Researcher by the Research 
Society on Alcoholism, the major scientifIC organization 
in the United States dedicated to understanding alcohol 
dependency. Schuckit will be presented with the award 
at the society's annual meeting in San AntoniO, Texas on 
June 22. 

Schuckit directs the Alcohol Research Center 10-

cated at the San Diego Veteran's Affairs Medical Center 
and is Clinical director of the Scripps McDonald Alcohol 
and Drug Program. He is recognized for his outstanding 
work on the genetics of alcoholism. 

Mandeville Exhibits Ceramics 
"Ceramic Variations: Three Installations" is on dis-

play atthe Mandeville Gallery through April 25. The show 
presents the work of Tre Arenz, Rachel Clawson and 
Berry Matthews and demonstrates the three very differ· 
ent approaches to ceramic artwork taken by each artist. 

Shake..,. .. and History of 
AmerIca AbrIdged In New Plays 

The Reduced Shakespeare Company's high-speed 
delivery of "The Complete Works of Shakespeare 
(Abridged), " will be staged at Mandeville Auditorium on 
Thursday, April 15 at 8 p.m. On the next night, April 16, 
they will give their performance of a new show, "The 
Complete History of America.· nckets for each event are 
$13 and $15 for general admission and $10 and $13 
for students, and may be purchased at the UCSD Price 
Center Box OffICe or from TicketMaster outlets. 

NEWS WRITERS MEETING 
4 P.M. TODAY at the Guardian 

I h~ yo~ all noticed ~ the time has c':'a"g~ from 6 p.m: to 4 p.m. So don't come at 6 p.m. Oleay? We will 
be dlscussmg some very unpo~t ~, mcluding story assignments, deadlines, paychecks and our amual trip 
to Bennuda. Any and all prospective wnters are encountged to corne by. Call Francisco DeVries 1t 5.34-5226 or 
534-6580 for more information. Our offICe is above the GenemI Store Co-op in the Old Student Center. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor DIllIN CONIULTMT: James Collier 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

IUUITItATOItS: Michl Croft. Tara EolI, NaIll., Enln. Speed F.ml. Jennlfllr 
Hilt. Dominic Lobbl • • Alan Lundlren. AdrIano MuIlOZ. KMJe Roe. AI SIIOI1C 
Dlll8l1IRI: Joel AmoIO, Wliion Cheun&, Clncly Lin, MlrCUllObbIa. Chrlltopher 
Lock 
I'HOTOIIIAPMIRI: DavId Cho. Sk*t Oeb, Paul M8c1<ey. jennifer MItth_. 
Lon MltCneJl, Chuc:k NCuyen. jennifer venn 

!he IJCSO ~I$II\AIIIIIIG Mllnlll/lRi ~ III.R1 tile _.".by RI fill tile IIUIIInII 
"'IJCSO. ~ ",on .......... In -.faIm. _In ..... orin __ permiaIon" 
III1tUy ~ Cl993, II iWU ...... !he OOSD a..dII1l& IV( ........ fill tile """ '" 
I111C111c11111I1IftIICI1ID III III !lit*'" ......, In fIPIiCI RI iplllIIIIn III ~ do IV( 
-'r ... h ... "'!lit IJCSO GuMIM, hlJMrlllW '" c.bnII, orh ~ 
Sl*U. !lit IJCSO a..dII1ls lnIBd ... by --.. .. Golen Is INdII tom people! 

BEN BOVCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, M8IIsging Editor 
SHAMM)N REDIOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIEIEI., Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associste Sports Editor 
DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 

LAMINE SEeM, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Assoclste Features Editor 

QRIGQ WRINN, Sports Editor 
IINIOIIIT." WIIITDS: Jenny GaJanc, OM !<null. Me\tMw Robinson. tIIwtt 
Rhyne. MIclllJeI SchwIIU. SheIyI WOIcOIl 
.,......,.i .. :E1I1nec.r..o.1CrIII8Carpenter.AlbertGarbldl.KIrIten~. 
BlIJyHw_ ChIIsJansan. MeISII.I8ccINI. GIye.lOl1nlOn, RocIIItCk Lee. WlnCtfMcNetIl. 
Theresa Moore. Mural! Moor1I1\I. Julie P .... Paul 1'11111 ... 0,-.... II1IIIrRIdley. Ka-II 
SIuI, RIIu s.-. AIelaJ. Sherman. JulIe snerrn.., I\Iran $OIeIII, GltlDrYSlIIInenI 

COP"fIllADlllS: Michelle Chlq, Aron Miller . .leslie SIIr1ncer. MaIUn Tomsen 
nPIIT:nmUn 
AD¥IIITIIIN8 UlllTANT: T ... Eoll 

101 DeANDREA, BusIneSS MIIt1IIfer 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvertisIrW MIfIBItN 
.. III MAII11N1Z, AdIIertJslrw ~ 

E. LIIGH IIINRY, CllSSIffed Rep/MMltlltlve 

EdItorIal: 5346580. BuIIneII 0IIIce: 534-3466, F.", 534-7691 
UCSD GUMIIan, 9&00 Gil .... Drive OUS, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ IocaIion: Second FW. UCSO ~ CerMr ... ,.. 'A' 

Thlll'sday, Aprill, 1993 

A. S.: Candidates 
begin their campaigns 
ContInued from page 1 

Bartolotta also cited a lack of 
communication between the A.S. 
and the college councils as a reason 
for the failure of the current A.S. 
leadership . 

"I'm trying to enfranchise 
disencorporated students who have 
been slowly left out of the A.S. 
process," he said. 

Hill says he is basing his cam-
paign on direct communication with 
students. "I don 't expect to spend a 
whole lot of money putting my name 
on everything around campus. I'm 
more into talking to people," he said. 

He plans to rely on his network 
of friends to help him campaign. HI 
want to get the people who know me 
well togetoutthereand help me .. . to 
let their friends know," he added. 

"You wouldn't know who I am 
by just looking at a flier," Hill said. 
I'd rather be out there and talk to 
people and then they could ask me 
questions." 

Hill says the entire student body 
must be involved if students are to 

CO-OPS: The 
crisis may never end 
Continued from page 1 
solves is another substantive change 
which has also become problem-
atic. 

GSA Vice President External 
Steve Dubb said that in the event of 
the dissolution of a co-op, assets 
would go to another co-op, the stu-
dent government, or another cam-
pus student organization. 

"We are making a strong com-
mitment to UCSD," Dubb said. 

According to Holmes, if the co-
ops leave the UCSD campus, they 
can take all of their assets with them. 

"What we students ask in retum 
is just enough money to start new 
services. If these retail operations 
leave students without services, they 
should be replaced by new services," 
he said. 

influence policy. 
"]' d like to get students to under-

stand that if we can unite, we are 
more likely to succeed," he said. 

Si wabessy is running on the "Stu-
dent Action Now" slate. which in-
cludes candidates for all executive 
positions and all commissioner p0-
sitions except CommissionerofPro-
gramming. The experience of run-
ning on a slate is unifying, accord-
ing to Siwabessy, who ran on the 
same slate as current A.S. President 
Mike Holmes last year. 

"This year. becau.sewehad worked 
together, we had similar goals and 
similar plans, and we were able to 
address the issues more effectively." 

Student Action Now is distri but-
ing a 6-10 page outline of its com-
mon objectives to students as part 
of its campaign. The document calls 
for the formation of departments, 
made up of members of the A.S. 
Council, which will address spe-
cific issues such as affirmative ac-
tion, student autonomy, women's 
issues and parking. 

"Hopefully, each department will 
be able to build some sort of student 
coalition to support the issue that 
they're addressing," he said. 

Another pointof contention con-
cerns the veto power of the GSA 
over the A.S. Holmes contends that 
since the GSA onl y represents 2,000 
students it doesn't make any sense 
to allow it veto poweroverthe 15,000 
students of the A.S. 

Dubb disagreed however, say-
ing that the main reason for GSA 
veto power is to prevent political 
termination of the agreement. 

HIn any association, you want to 
have protection for the minority 
group. If one body says yes and one 
says no, there's more than objective 
criteriagoingon-there'salsopoliti-
cal motivation going on," Dubb said. 

Another round of negotiations 
between the four parties is sched-
uled to begin next Monday. 

"I have faith in the co-ops and the 
administration, but if the three parties 
don 't sign, the co-ops and the admin-
istration go to court and the students 
lose in the end," Holmes said. 

Your Future Looks Bright 
How About Your Teeth? 

Whiten Your Teeth Before Your Summer Tan 
Teeth Bleaching 
Student Special $199.00 

Dr. Tom Wiggin 
12750 Cannel Country Rd. Suite 209 

San Diego, CA 92130 
755-7805 

~''''.' ' " .. · l 'r. ,~'" 
'''14 '' " , 4, ' ~ ~ . ...... 
O,.TIITRY 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's JI. 1DWS Master Mechanics ~_ 
=== exclusively VW and AUDI lfIijf" 

a78 Mira., Road • 4 .... 14 
Air • w.ter Cooled • Maintenance s.vicee . Air Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Englnel • a.. • D ...... Electrical • Clutch ... Enkes • V." .. 

Locchd In tile Autopolt Mall • MiIOll'laf 
Ne~ DOOI to Dicoc.nt /til 

EXPmS 6/15/93 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Recycle Program Adds 25 Campus Bins 
ENVIRONMENT: 
Co-op helps UCSD 
raise $40,000 for effort 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

A joint effort between the 
UCSD students and administra-
tors and the California Department 
of Conservation has raised over 
$40,000 for the expansion of 
UCSD's recycling program. 

The Department of Conserva-
tion gave UCSD $22,395, match-
ing funds given by the UCSD 
graduating senior class. The funds 
will be used to set up 25 three·bin 
recycling containers around cam-
pus and to expand collection of 
recycled materials . 

Muir senior Dan Hurst, a mem-
berofthe Recycle Co-op, accepted 
a check at a March 20 ceremony 
which featured the unveiling of 
new aluminum and glass recycling 
containers near the Price Center. 

Hurst said the funds were ob-
tained through the combined effort 
of students and the administration, 
a sentiment echoed by University 
Center Director Jim Carruthers. 
"The university and students put 
their heads together to write the 
grant," Carruthers said. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor for 
Physical Plant Jack Hug credited 
Hurst for obtaining the funds. "We 
provided the moral support for 
[Hurst]. He was the catalyst, and 
we worked together," Hug said. 

According to Hug, most of the 
bins will be installed within the 
nextthree months. "We have over-

A p p A 

EriC Schmidt/Guardian 
Recycle Co-op member Dan Hurst, after being presented a 
$22,395 check from the California Department of Conservation. 

come most of the major hurdles to 
installment," including design of 
the bins, coordination with cam-
pus planning and the mannerofbin 
purchase, Hug said. 

Physical Plant Services will be 
responsible for the installation of 

. bins, but once the bins are installed, 
the Recycle Co-op will implement 
and coordinate the glass pick-up, 
according to Recycle Co-op mem-
ber Meg Gordan. 

Despite the grant, problems 
persist with recycling on campus, 
according to Hurst. The company 
responsible for removing recycled 
glass on campus has not made any 
pick-ups recently. 

The resulting piles of glass sur-
rounding glass recycling bins im-
pede the success of recycling, Hurst 
said. He added that while most 
bins on campus accept mixed-color 

R E L 

Outlet C[o 

glass, the market for it is small and 
not very profitable. 

Department of Conservation 
Recycling Deputy Chief Jane Irwin 
said markets for recycled glass are 
opening up thanks to new state 
legislation. Irwin credited Lucy 
Killea (I-San Diego) for introduc-
ing legislation for a "minimum 
content" of recycled materials law 
and for the idea to use glass in 
California road beds. 

Killea representative and UCSD 
alumnus Mike Nelson congratu-
lated students for obtaining the 
grant money and lauded Killea for 
focusing on recycling. 

"If you look through all the 
gloom and despair, the mosttelling 
thing is that the administration, the 
staff and the students all worked 
together to accomplish this ," 
Nelson said. 

z o N E 

50%-90% 
BE LOW RETAIL PRICES 
EVERY DAY 

Some name brands: 
• Tweeds • Generra 
• Express • Victoria's Secret 

& many more 

LOCATIONS: 

MIRAMAR 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

450-3323 
PACIFIC BEACH 

931 Gamet 
483·5150 

SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460·4370 
ESCONDIDO 

Escondido Promenade 
737·6167 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Mana&lnc Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News Editor 
PHIUP MICHAB.S, Opinion Editor 

TPte UCSD GuMtIM Ia ..-,od Iwic:e • _ 81 tile lJnIwnItr aI~. Sen DioIO. Content_ 
01883. v ___ 1IMin ..- tile ~ WIte aI tile edIIoIIaI _, end .,. not 
-.tIy _ altIIe UC IoeRI alII ........ tile ASUCSO. nor hi _ .. au.dMJamII. 

Instead of TrI ..... ng the Fat, 
Regellts Keep Raising Fees 

When Governor Pete Wilson slashed state funding to the Univer-
sity of California by $138 million in January, it was clear that higher 
fees would be an immediate result. But in a Jan. 14 editorial, we 
wrote, "To meet the budget shortfall, [UC President Jack] Peltason 
and the regents should examine reducing the university bureaucracy. 
This means cutting all executive benefits, downsizing administra-
tive departments and eliminating any n~less administrative posi-
tions." After the Feb. 18 meeting of the Board of Regents, where 
Peltason introduced a proposal that would raise fees by $440 while 
cuning faculty salaries, we echoed our previous call to cut adminis-
trative waste. 

During an interview with the Guardian editorial board, Peltason 
hinted at the need for trimming needless administrative fat. Though 
he offered nothing specific, by discussing the subject, Peltason at 
least gave students and faculty some glimmer of hope. 

We weren't the only ones who realize that the university could 
solve many of its budget woes simply by reducing administrative 
waste. UC Berkeley Physics Professor Emeritus Charles Schwartz 
has estimated that roughly half of the $523,508,000 spent on 
administration is "excess fat that can be trimmed." 

Such wisdom has apparently fallen upon deaf ears at the Office 
of the President. On March 19, the regents voted to approve a $995 
fee hike, meaning students will be paying $4,019 per year for the 
1993-94 academic year. Besides this fee hike, which will account for 
33 percent of the budgetary shortfall, the regents approved a five 
percent cut in faculty salaries, another roadblock to attracting and 
keeping quality professors. 

While the regents did see fit to cut $35 million from the Office of 
the President and the nine UC campuses, these cuts were never 
specified. Therefore, it is unclear whether the university has done all 
it can do to share the pain. Conventional wisdom, however, would 
suggest that it has not. 

Fee hikes may be a necessary evil, especially with a governor and 
legislature that do not appear to value higher education, but a $995 
increase is ludicrous. With every fee hike (and there have been too 
many to count, as oflate), the University of California is out of reach 
for a rapidly growing number of qualified students. Limited access 
to the university means limited opportunities for the future. In their 
efforts to keep the university afloat, the regents are sacrificing two 
of its most valuable assets - students and faculty. Such a course of 
action is not only dangerous, but foolhardy as well. It bodes poorly 
for the future of the UC system and for the future of California, as 
well. 

But then again, we've been saying that for a long time. 

Latest Happenings in Russia 
Endanger yeftsin, Democracy 

Russian President Boris Yeltsin either dodged a bullet or received 
a temporary stay of execution last week, depending upon on your 
point of view. After narrowly surviving an impeachment vote, 
Yeltsin's grasp on the reins of power seems even more tenuous than 
ever before. Consequently, the growth of democracy in the largest 
of the former Soviet republics seems to be on the same shaky ground 
that Yeltsin now fmds himself. 

For that reason, the upcoming Vancouver summit between 
Yeltsin and President Clinton takes on an added importance. It is in 
the United States' best interest to support Yeltsin and insure that he 
stays in power. The alternative is a return to hard-liner rule and the 
uncertainty of the Cold War era. That reason alone is enough 
incentive for the United States to support Yeltsin and his reforms at 
any cost. 

Clinton will no doubt offer Yeltsin and Russia economic aid, and 
this will certainly help matters. The approximately $1 billion in aid 
that will be proposed is a drop in the bucket for the United States and 
will offer a moderate amount of security for Yeltsin' s troubled rule. 
But the important thing to realize is that simply throwing buckets of 
money at Russia will not solve their many problems. 

The crucial variable holding Russia back is not the man in charge, 
but the system in place. In order to truly help Russia, Clinton and the 
United States must make an effort to assist the country's transition 
to a free market economy. Economic aid will suffice in the short run, 
but any long term stability can only be brought about by a concerted 
effort and dedication to revising the Russian system. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Aprill , 1993 

S;o You PONT LIICf THE • ~yS' 'III THE AI 
MI£.ITARY GUT ONI.Y Ot.l1JfE Wf£(E~~" 11>fA '? 

THESE DAYS, IT'S AIJIJ TALK 
AND No SUBSTANCE 

COMMENTARY: Oprah, Sally Jessie, Geraldo and company have turned the 
talk show into a shameless representation of modem America's lascivious ideals 

MATT 

HOBIJmf 

Civilization and culture have 
always been assaulted and plagued. 
Rome was crushed by barbarians, 
Europe during the Middle Ages 
was ravaged by the Black Death, 
and early America was often 
plagued by smallpox. All of these 
evils have passed away for the most 
part. But none ofthem compare to 
that all-pervasive evil and rotting 
influence: the modem talk show, 

Talk shows are reflections of 
what modem America has decided 
to do with the fruits of liberty, 
namely to throw 

them at one' s neighbors. I am ceaselssly 
amazed by the low level of moronic and 
lascivious programming that goes into 
the modem talk show. Lesbian sex clubs, 
daughters who marry their stepfathers. 
teenage renegades, white supremacists, 
stripper moms and the list goes on ad 
inftnirum, ad nauseum. 

should not be discriminated against because she is 8000 
and leave it at that? While there may be a small group of 
people who think that such women should be required to 
fix their lx>obs, who cares? 

Whether it is Donahue, Oprah, Sally, Montel or Jane 
Whatsherface, every talk show is invariably a clash of 
bumper sticker peddlers whose outrage is banal and 
stupid and appears like intellectual gangrene - putrid 
and disgusting to look at. Ultimately, the biggest yahoos 
stand up and yell slogans until the talk show leader gains 
control for a convenient break. What is surprising is not 
that racist debates prompt chairs to be thrown at Geraldo 
but that the excuse of racism is needed to throw chairs at 
Geraldo. 

It is not surprising that so many dif- Talk shows ... 

Talk shows are the inevitable result 
of the radical egalitarianism of the six-
ties. Talk shows wallow in the same 
moral outrage and avalanche of con-
flicting rights as the children of sixties. 
That is the conflict of the rights of the 
idiotic to spread idiocy and the rights of 
John Q. Public to try to ignore these 
vennin. The '60s proclaimed the em an-
cipation of the individual from every 
moral insight and cultural restraint and 
counseled an unparalleled hedonism and 
a vulgar egoism. 

ferent and unique individuals live in reflections of what 
America. What is alanning, however, is 
the almost morbid curiosity that has 
attached itself to these subjects. Talk ' 
shows are not only interested in their 
subjects, but they want to essentially 
parade shamelessly every deviant form 
of behavior exploitable in our society. 

Unfortunately we all know that none 

modern AmerIca 
has decided to do 
with the fruits of 
liberty, ......., to 
throw thalli at 

of these issues are explored with anyone'. neighbors. I 
depth. The level of ratiocination in one 
of Montel's audiences would not mea-
sure a tremor on an intellectual Richter 
scale. The few times I have caught parts 
of these programs I have been amazed 
that people in the audience and on the 
stage could have such indignant or con-
cerned expressions and then come up 
with the most idiotic comments. It does 
look like they are thinking. 

How many times can we have big 

am ceasele •• 1y 
....... bythelow 
level of moronic 
... ~ 
PI'OIP'annIng that 
.,..Intothe 
modern talk show. 

Therefore, we should not be sur-
prised that "00 your own thing, man" 
has become "Look what I have done 
with my mom, man." Freedom without 
internal restraint is what is held for 
public display on every talk show. It is 
democracy debased to satisfy man's 
lowest appetites. 

Talk shows are not alone however. 
We no longer expect to be uplifted by 
art, precisely because the same prin-
ciple that spawned the talk show nur-
tures the diseased art world. "Shock the 
bourgeoisie at all costs" is the message 
of modern art. We are all victims of 
society and true freedom only comes 
with the most deviant behavior legiti-
mated by the mantra of self-expression. 

breasted women on different talk shows before someone 
realizes that something a little bit more disingenuous is 
going on than the concern for those mammary-glandu-
larly challenged. Can'f we just say that Sherry Stacks 

Talk shows are the most basic expression of a vitiating 
idea whose hideous time has come. 

Discussions on talk shows never focus on what human 
See TALK, Page 6 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • APR ILl, 1 9 9 3 

Dlgab'e Planets, the hot new rap act 
that combines jazz and hlphop In 
fresh new ways, will be perfor .. llng 
tonight at the Pub 

JEFF NIE S EL 

HI,tTUS EDITOR 

Guzman I Elekl!a Records 

With the success of its single "Rebirth of Slick 
(Cool Like Dat)," Digable Planets, which makes its 
San Diegodebuttonightin two shows at 8 and 11 p.m. 
at the Pub, has been hyped as the hottest rap act this 
year. The band's affmity for jazz comes through on its 
album Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and 
Space), which includes samples from jazz greats like 
Art Blakey and Sonny RoUins. The New York-based 
trio has also adopted the entire jazz attitude, using 

words like "cat" and "spiddyock" in its song titles. 
Digable Planets has received acclaim comparing its success with that 

of 1992 Grarnmy winners Arrested Development. In a recent phone 
interview, vocalist Doodlebug-members are all named after insects-
spoke about the band's success, the influence ofliterature and philosophy 
and the meaning behind the band name and album title. 

See DIGABLE, page H4 

FHLSETTOS THERIER REY~W: 112 TEHMINRL BLISS: 04 



HIATUS 2 

lIIHTIH 
REVIEWS 

Falsettos 
Musical makes its West Coast 

Premiere at the Old Globe Theatre 

MICHAEL SCHWARTZ 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

A !though it's hard to believe these days, there is no law requiring musicals to be based on a classic novel or set in Europe. They don't have to showcase massive 
units of scenery, and they don', even need a huge cast. 

And, believe it or not, they can still be incredibly entertain-
ing, as "Falsettos," the hit Broadway musical developed by 
William Finn and lames Lapine, proves in its West Coast 
debut at the Old Globe Theatre. 

Origi nally developed as two separate one-act plays at 
Playwrights Horizons in New York, this new version splices 
together both pieces into a fast and funny musical for the '90s. 

Although "Falsettos" is set in 1979 and 1981 , it is a story for 
the '90s. Marvin, a family man with a wife and one child, 
abandons his marriage to move in with another man. His wife, 
Trina, goes into psychotherapy with her husband' s hrink, ' 
Mendel , who proceeds to fall in love with her. Add the two 
lesbians next door, plus a ton of neuroses and you have the 
foundation of the musical. 

The tory examines love in the '90s, and the many barriers 
to functional relationships. Although there is a loose, linear 
narrat i ve, director Lapine tries to create a cabaret atmosphere 
with songs and skits floating by. The bright red, intimate set 
works well as pieces comically roll on and off the stage. 

However, the music is nothing to write home about. It is the 
standard synthesizer fare, and the badly over-miked Broadway 
voices are annoying. 

Nevertheless, some numbers really shine. The show opens 
with a song entitled "Four Jew in a Room Bitching," which 
ends with a parting of the Red Sea. 

"I 'm Breaking Down" is an old-fashioned show-stopper, a 
vaudeville-inspired ode to hysteria involving a symbolically 
Freudian banana. Freud, Carl lung and Dr. Ruth Westheimer 
join in for the finale . 

Other songs focus on the miracles of ludaism, various 
forms of love and the catering and canceling of a bar mitzvah. 
And one cannot forgetthe title song, "March ohhe Falsettos," 
a glow-in-the-dark extravaganza. 

The cast is g lowing. As Marvin, the central (albeit i1l-
defined) lead, Gregg Edelman delivers an almost too-likable 
performance, but his vocal performance makes up for his 
acting. A Tony A ward nominee for "City of Angels," Edelman 

457·JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Boo/war) 

• Monday·Thursday 6 am·11 pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sunday 8 am· I I pm 

r-------, 
I $100 OFF I I I 
I Any Cappuccino, I I I 
I Mocha, or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I 0 .. (1<T oo..-r. up. 41 W9J I 
-------

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April L, 1993 

The cast of "Falsettos" presents Issues relevant to the '90s even thouBh it's set in the '70s. 
has a powerful and beautiful voice and, thankfully, does not 
fall victim to the hbright-lights-big-vibrato" complex of most 
male leads. 

Despite his awkward moniker (Whizzer), Peter Reardon 
looks like he stepped off the cover of GQ , ideally cast to play 
thehunkofall hunks. CaroleeCarmello, the wife trying to hold 
her life together, is sublime. 

Also, true kudos go to Adam Heller as the shrink. A 
wonderfully quirky portrayal of the good doctor makes every-
one in the audience want to hop up and down, and sing "I'm 
gonna be alright for the rest of my life!" 

Credit is also due to 1 ason, the chess-loving posterchild for 
broken homes, played by Ramzi Khalaf. He is charming 
through his nerdiness, and most importantly, stays on key and 

is not overly cute. Finishing off the actor roll-call are Barbara 
Marineau and Jessica Molaskey. 

Indeed, we know very little of any of the chamcters. So 
much time is spent on the singing of witty lyrics and the 
exploring of stylized staging that very little emotion is invested 
in the characters themselves. 

Although occasionally glib in its portrayal of some serious 
and ugly topics, "Falsettos" provides an entertaining look at 
people attempting to overcome life's little tragedies. The 
broad and fantastic strokes painted across the stage offer 
everyone someth ing with which to identify. 

"Falsettos" plays through April 25 atthe Old Globe Theatre 
in Balboa Park. Forticket information and performance times, 
call 239-2255. 

HIATUS 3 

T 0 DRY 
Jack Nichol on stars in Hoffa, 
Danny Devito's fi lm about the 
Teamster union leader. The film 
will be shown in the Price Cen-
ter Theatre at 6:30,9 and I 1:30 
p.m. Tickets are $2, $ 1 in ad-
vance. Info: 534-6467. 

The mosh pit will be raging 
when Suicidal Tendencies 
and its sp in-off Infectious 
Grooves play at the Starlight 
Bowl in Balboa Park at 7:30 
p.m. Tickets are $2050 and 
$21.50. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The hot rap band Digable 
Planets will feature its acces-
s ible jazz-inflected grooves in 
twoshow atthe Pubat8 and II 
p.m. Tickets are $11. Info: 278-
TIXS. 

fRIORV 
Martin ScheCter, author of 
Two Halves of New Haven, will 
read from his book at 7:30 p.m. 
at the Blue Door Bookstore in 
Hillcrest. Info: 298-8610. 

SRTURDAY 
Shabba Ranks, Michael 
Rose, Chaka Demus & 
Pliers, Foundation, Riche 
Stevens and the Cardiff 

Reefers will be playing in a 
reggae conceIt in the O 'Brien 
Pavilion on the Del Mar Fair-
groundS at 4 p.m. Advance tick-
ets are$15, $20 day of the show. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

Films by Pratibha Parmar, 
Ayoka Chenzira and 
Saundra Sharp will be 
screened at Cafe Cinema in ac-
cord withan exhibit on display at 
the Museum of Photographic 
Arts. The screen ing takes place 
at 8 p.m. and tickets for students 
are $8. Info: 236-9574. 

The Peabody Trio will per-
form in Mandeville Auditorium 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $18. Info: 
534-4090. 

Faith No More plays at 
Rosarito Beach at 2 p.m. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

SUN DRY 
The La Joia Symphony 
Orchestra and Chorus play 
selections by Bach at 3 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tick-
ets range from $5 to $10. Info: 
534-4637. 

The UC 0 Guardian 

UP COM I N G 

The 1993 Gothic Festival will 
feature performances by gothic 
rockers The Empire Hid-
eous, The Shroud, This 
Ascention and The Proph-
etess. The show starts at 9:30 
p.m. at Soil. Tickets are $6. Info: 
698-8276. 

A contrabass recital will feature 
South American soloist Milo 
Masciadri at 8 p.m. in Erickson 
Hall. Info: 534-5404. 

The local band Prairie Fire 
plays country western music in a 
free show in the Sports Arena 
Tower Records parking lot at 
noon. 

MONDRY 
The hard rock band Firehouse 
plays with King Mother and 
MIs·Led at the Belly Up Tav-
ern in Solana Beach at 9 p.m. 
Info: 278-TIXS. . 

T U [ S DRY 
Folk si nger Joan Baez plays 
with John Wesley Harding 
at 7:30 p.m. in Theatre East in EI 

Cajon. Tickets are $21 .50 and 
$23.50. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Swiss film Anna GOldin: 
Jbe La.t Wdch will be shown 
in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
p.m. as part of the International 
Style Film Festival. Tickets for 
tudents are $4 and pa ses for the 

series are $25. Info: 534-6467. 

NEONESORY 
Harvey SoIlberger directs a 
sonor concert at 8 p .m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets 
are $6 for students. Info: 534-
4637. 

C)n~oin~ 

THERTER 
San Diego Repertory The· 
atre: " TheDybbuk,"aplaybased 
on trad itional lewish folklore by 
S. Ansky and directed by Todd 
Salovey, continues through April 
lOin the Lyceum Space Theatre 
in Horton Plaza. Perfonnances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 
p.m. and Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m . 

Thursday, Apl·a], ]993 

Tickets range from $19 to $24. 
Info: 235-8025. 

Patio Playhouse Theatre: 
10 Rubin direc ts Stephen 
Sondheim 's "A Little Night Mu-
sic." The play continues through 
April 18. Perfonnances are Fri-
day and Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Ticket are $12. 
Info: 746-6669. 

GRLLERIES 
Grove Gallery: "Ceramic Fig-
ures of Ocumicho: In Conjunc-
tion With NCECA '93." The ex-
hibit will be on display through 
April 17. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday 10 to 5 p.m. 
and Saturday 10 to 2 p.m. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: " I Dream a World: Por-
traits of Black Women Who 
Changed America" feature por-
traits of 75 influential African-
American women and i on dis-
play until April 28. The museum 
is open daily from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Admission is $3. Info: 239-
5262. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La Frontera{The Border: 
Art about the Mexico/United 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in paiming, culpture, pho-
tography, installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541. 

sptart 
nmpanv 

APRIL 15 • THURSDAY 
8PM • MANDEVilLE AUD. 

UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534·6467 

~ ALL NarH~~~ m~e ~ebuceb ~4ak£1;peare 0.10. 
,~_ ~ APRIL 16· FRIDAY • 8PM • MANDEVILLE AUD. • ~v~ g~;:;£R511Y UCSD BOX OFFICE. 534·6467 ~ 



HIATUS 4 The UCSD Guardian 

DIGABLE: Band makes philosophy accessible 
ContInI..d from PIP HI 

The band began as a result of 
Doodlebug's friendship with But-
terfly and Ladybug. He met Lady-
bug in Philadelphia and Butterfly in 
New York,and aftermoving to New 
York, the three began to create mu-
sic together. Bunerfly and Doodle-
bug shared a love for jazz (together 
the two have amassed a collection 
of nearly 2,000 jazz albums) and 
Ladybug, who was raised in Rio de 
Janeiro, was heavily influenced by 
Brazilian jazz and samba. The trio 
eventually saved enough money to 
record Reachi,,' . Doodlebugadmit-
ted that despite his confidence in the 
band's talent, he was a bit surprised 
by the success of the single. 

Doodlebug downplayed the com-
parisons being made between his 
band and Arrested Development. 
Whiletherearesimilarities, Doodle-
bug stressed that the two groups are 
actually quite different. 

"They [Arrested Development] 
are a group that made a bold state-
ment, went out and did their own 
thing and lived the life they spoke 
about and did well,"Doodlebugsaid. 
"In that respect, we' re the same, but 
other than that, we' re not." 

Whenever a new rap act gets a lot 
of attention, questions always ari e 
concerning its future. The virtual 
disappearance of acts like De La 
Soul, Tone Loc, Young M.e. and 
Dream Warriors- all bands which 
had tremendously popular debuts 
- has made many critios see new 
acts as having. shon-lived moments 
of glory before fading fast with the 
second release. However, Doodle-
bug said the band isn' t worried 
about following up Reachin'. 

"We're working on ideas and 
concepts for the next album, which 

is going to be bener because it is 
actually going to be more 'live,'" 
Doodlebug said. 

"I've been hearing a lot about 
the 'sophomore jinx' but I'm not 
going to worry about it. It's impor-
tant that we make the music we 
know how to make and don't sell 
ourselves shon. What's important 
is that we make music from our 
heart. If it doesn't sell well, we 
already have other plans." 

The confidence in their abil i ty to 
pursue other avenues stems from 
the fact that both Butterfly and 
Doodlebug started college and 
would not mind returning to school 
in \he future. Doodlebug artended 
Howard University for two years, 
and Butterfly studied engineering 
at the University of Massachusetts. 
Doodlebug studied broadcast pro-
duction at Howard and said that his 
experience in college helped him 
develop the concepts that come out 
on the album. 

He pointed out that the philoso-
phy he picked up in college was just 
an extension of the ideas he had 
been taught while growing up. 

"My father was into the Civil 
Rights Movement in the '60s and 
'70s and belonged to different or-
ganizations. A 101 of their philoso-
phies were based on European phi-
losophies like Marx and different 
African writers," Doodlebug said. 
"He would always talk to me about 
those things. As I got older, certain 
things wouldclickand helped mold 
and shape the philosophy that is 
mine and part of the Digable Plan-
ets' ." 

The band tries to focus on the 
ideas of community and education 
derived from existential philoso-
phy by Kafka. Camus and Sartre. 

However, the band does not try to 
astound listeners with its philosophi-
cal expertise - its intention is to 
make the philosophers sound as cool 
as the jazz artists it eulogizes. Even 
though images of inner-city vio-
lence usually associated with rap 
cannot be found on Reachin', the 
band feels it hasn't lost touch with 
its urban roots. 

"There's a lot of people on the 
streets who can understand our phi- . 
losophy, too. There are some kids I 
know in my neighborhood who 
would be into it if they could read 
these books," Doodlebug said. "We 
wanted to show that every kid in the 
ghetto doesn't have to be the same 
thing - every kid doesn't have to 
pose like a hard-core thug all the 
time to just be yourself. 

'The language is street but we're 
mixing in ideas from people who 
have probably never been in the 
ghetto - people like Camus and 
Sartre. But we say tho e names in a 
cool way .. . " 

Digable Planets' philosophy is 
reflected in both the band 's moniker 
and the album title, which stress 
individual awareness and harmony 
with others. 

' 'The title is basically telling 
people to keep reachin'. The mind is 
the almighty power source of the 
universe and if you can tap that 
source, you refute all man-made 
notions of time and space," Doodle-
bug said. 

"Everybody is their own planet. 
You have the power and ability to 
set your world up the way you want 
to, but at the same time you have to 
realize that you have to co-exist 
with other planets. which represent 
society as a whole. Every person is 
a digable planet." 

Thurstlay, April 1, J993 

ALBUM 
RE~EIJ 

Ta1ninal Blss 
Never Alone 

Most dedicated bands have 
enough trouble scheduling work and 
social lives around rehearsals and 
gigs, but three of the four members 
of local hard rock band Terminal 
Bliss have an additional task to i nte-
grate intotheir lives: going to school 
at UCSD. The group has recently 
released its first album,Never Alolle, 
after a summer of intense prepara-
tion. During a recent interview, 
members talked about the difficul-
ties involved in attending classes 
and fronting a rock band. 

Never Alone is a compilation of 
ten songs which expresses the di-
versity of this band's music. The 
album balances harder songs, such 
as the title track "Never Alone" and 
"Too Far Gone," with melancholy 
tunes like "In Memory" and "Inno-
cence," a graceful instrumental. 

The members of Terminal Bliss 
have different musical preferences 
that are integrated in their music. 
Kevin Lewin, the band 's drummer, 
acknowledges being influenced by 
Rush's Neil Peart, and guitarist-
vocalist Aaron Jacobs confesses 
idolizingQueensryche, an influence 

apparent in the songs "Voices In 
The Mist" and "What ' s Words 
Wonh." 

The intelligent lyrics address 
political issues as well as the frus-
trations and confrontations of life. 
The majority of the songs were writ-
ten by Jacobs, some of which date 
back to hi sophomore year in high 
school. 

The band members maintain an 
equal balance between music and 
school. "Only if a huge break came 
along would we give up school for 
our music," Lewin said. 

Jacobs, a history major, admits 
that music and choolwork fre-
quentlyconflict. and has often found 
himself studying at a club right be-
fore a perfolmance. 

Terminal Bliss has learned from 
experience that in addition to talent 
and constant practice, exposure 
through performance is vital. "We 
should keep playing as many shows 
as possible, trying to reach as many 
people as possible. If it stops being 
fun, there's no reason to do it," 
Jacobs said. 

-Karen Gallon 

YAIUMONO 
Japln •••• Fooa 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 .(IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 !:f:ts Rd, (Vans Shopping Center) 
Tau out . . We also. catering..Mces. 452-4255 

L HCUS: 11:30 _9 pili (Mon.'Thun.), 11:30 _10 pm !Fr, & Sat,~ 5-9 pili Sundays .J 
--------------------

Get the credit you deserve 
y at The Beach. 

California State University, Long Beach 

SlIIIIID8r SellloIll993. 
Three SeuiOlll 

Over 1.:Dl c~ oIlered 
in 7S departm8lltl 

• Eaay regiltratioo-VISA II 
MasterCard accepted 

CSULB 
uHlvasm 
EmiiiiOii 
SERYICES 

May 3Hul, 9. JUDe 21-Jul, 11. , 
Jul, 12-Auguat 20 

No lormal adminioD to the 
UniYenity required 
Day and eftniDg c1a_ 
Units are translenable 

Call lor a fret elau acbecIuIe: (310) .. 2360. or write 10: UDlftllity ExteIllioD &erne.. 
CSULB. 1250 Bellflower IIYd.. Loag IIeaclI. CA !III4I).UJ2 

5 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on·campus Nolary Public? If so. 
call 587·7911 . (1 /4·613) 
Apply now for '93·94 Director positions at the 
A.S. Internship Oltice. Six paid positions avail· 
ablell (Public Relations. Nalional. Oevalapment, 
San Diego. elc .... ) Drop by ASIO 10 picf< up an 
appIicalian:second ftaar P .C. Roam 2.306. Dead-
line to apply is Friday. April 16. 534-4689. (3129· 
411) 
Apply now for Summer and Fall internships in 
San Olegall Applicalian DeaCline Is Friday. April 
23. Drap by ASIO for mare Info .. or come ta fhe 
General Info Night on April 13 in Gallely B. P.C. 
ASIO is an the 2nd ncor P.C., Room 2.306. 53-4· 
4689. (3129-415) 

Intemalional House is a greal cross-whural Mv· 
ing opportunity I Applications for 199319<4 avlil· 
able althe Flhh College Office of ResJdence Ufe. 
Jr .. Sr. or Grad slanding required. Due 4121 . (31 
29-4/15) 

FAST FUNDRAISER. $1.000 in 1 week. Greeks. 
clubs. anyone. No RiSk. 800·655·6935 Ext. SO. 
(3129,416). 

Diel Magic - lose up 10 30 pounds in 30 days. 
Herbal 100% nalural. Doctor recommended 
100% guaranleed. (619) 581 ·7231 . (3J29.411) 
Save $$$1 Buy your books al Revelle Bargain 
Books. Monday·Friday. 9:00·5:00. (3129-411) 
New poIlcy.ffect .. 11W ...... n!Women·s·sanl· 
lary praducts' no longer available for free or lor 
coins in campus restrooms . If you object. lei 
them know by sending leller or clean. unused 
product from hame 10 Sr. Supt. of Cuslodial 
Services. mail code 0908. (411-418) 
COLLEGE FlNANCtAL AID: U Skyrocketing 
fees are a problem for you. call us now for 
InformatIon and an application for flnancial ald. 
We guaranlee we will match each student appIi· 
cant with a minimum of six private sources 01 
college funds. Can or wrile Scholarship Ouest 
Services, P.O. Box 900267. San Oiego, Calif. 
92190.583·0510. (4/1 ·418) 
Free Heatth + Filness Fair, Wed. April 14. 11 
a.m.·2 p.m. Price Cenler. Be lherel (411·4112) 
U.C.S.O:S anSWer 10 BUSINESS. ALPHA 
KAPPA PSI spring rush. Info nite 7:00 p.m. GH 
1438. (4/1) 

BAllROOM DANCING I Come to the Price 
CenterBaliroom TONIGHT 7·9 p.m. Lessanand 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1.500 WEEKLY mailing aur circulars I ... 
Begin NOWI FREE packet I SEYS. Dept. 19. Box 
4000. Cordova. TN 38018·4000. (2111 ·4129) 
RAISE A COOL$l ,ooo.OO IN JUST ONE WEEKI 
For your frat, sorority, club. + 1.000 FOR 
YOURSElFI And a FREE IGLOO COOLER if 
you qualify. Catll ·800-932-0528. Ext. 65. (2122· 
4119) 
300 SUMMER CAMP POSmONS: in NY, 
PA. MASS & MAINE. Need skills in: Tennis. 
WSliswimmlng, waler-skilng , salling . 
windsurting. gymnastics. equeslrian, baseball , 
basketball . soccer. hockey . lacrosse . 
canoeing. archery. rocketry . wOOdshop. 
ceramics . filness. dance. piano. guilar. ropesl 
pioneering , nurses, food service. Upper· 
classmen preferred. Arlene - 1·800·443· 
6428. (3/1·4115) 

Counselars: Camp Wayne. brotherlala1er camp, 
N.E. Pennsylvania. 6122·8120193. All sports . 
water. and cultural activities. Many positions 
available. On·campus interviews, Thursday, April 
151h from 10:30·2 p.m. For more Info. call 516· 
889-3217 or write 12 Allevard SI .. Udo Beach. 
N.Y. 11561 . Include your school phane number. 
(314·4112) 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 

The UCSD Guardian 

t ~=:-lASSIFIEDS 
Classified adveltising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue.1be Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Here's same p8I1·lime posi1ians where you can 
earn income boIh while in San Diego County as 
welt as wheo you're back in your hame town. Call 
CONNERS CONSULTING. 457·3494. (3129-418) 

Research AssIx. for Pharmacology. A B.S. in 
PmrmacoIogy. Biology or Chern. req·d. Must haII8 
eel a.jure expo & I'eIl8 wor1<ad with smaII .... nas. T· 
P po9tion. Setect T 9r\1lOflIrieS 492·9995. (JI29.4Il ) 
Olspalcher FT/PT, Del Mar. Type 30 WPM wi 
accuracy. Good spelling & phone Skills. $5.251 
hr. + bonus. Bilinguat $6. Select Temporaries. 
492·9995. (3/29-411) 
Camp Counselor: Roughing It Day Camp. Orinda. 
group counselor. horseback riding. walerfront . 
experl refs. (510) 283·3795. (3129-4/1) 

Catering server. privale hanJe. aher·meat dean 
up, wf<endSlholiday evenls. Slart 4/11 . $6.5OJhr. 
275-4207. (3129'418) 
GREEKS & CLUBS RAISE A COOL $1,000 in 
just one week! Plus $1 .000 for lhe member wha 
callsl And a FREE HEADPHONE RADIO jusl for 
calling 1·8()().950-1037. exl. 25. (3129-418) 
CAMP COUNSELORS NEEOEO FOR CQ.ED. 
SPORTS 'ORIENTED CAMP localed In 
northeaslern Pa. near New York City. We have 
openings lor specialists in lhe Iallowing areas: 
tennis, baseball. lacrosse. hockey (ice. street and 
roIer).basI<etbaI.lIOIeybaI. WSI. sailing. canoeing. 
gymnastics. archery. crafts . photography. piano 
accornpaniSI. rocI<8try and radlo.Genera1 oounselor 
positions in gi~s' division; oIher openings may be 
available. Salaries $100-$200· per week. ptus 
Iravel. room. board and laundry. On·campus 
interlli8WS on Apri! 15. Forinformatian. call orwrite: 
G. lustig. 60 W. 661h SI.. 28A, New York. NY 
10023: lei. 212·724-0113. (3129-411) 
MAKE A OIFFERENCE IN THE LIVES OF 
TEENS. Be a peer counselor or classroom 
asslslant al SuperCamp, a persanal growth and 
academic summer program. Salary.roorruboard. 
Call 1·800·527·5321. (3129·4/1) 
Hiring Oay + Nighl Shihs $5 perlhr. Free meals. 
Round Table Price Cenler. (411.415) 
Cust_ Marketing Representative: Part-lime 
positions (1 5-20 hours per week) are available with 
a national markeling Informalionlconsulting 
company. We are looking for hig~ intelligent and 
motivated individuals who are looking for a 
challenging job. Individuals hired into lhis position 
will be responsible for answering incoming calls 
from customers ordering demographic and 
mark9llnglnformaVon·based products.lndivlduats 
wi belrained on all aspects of Ihe differenl products 
offered and will be coached on phone sl<ills. This is 
a great opportunity for Economics and aEDS 
majors 10 gain appIicabte work experience. Hours 
are ftexible (we are wiling to work around your 
schedule) and we are locaJed near campus in Del 
Mar. Thesalary rate forlhispositian is $6 per hour. 
If you are interested please call 793-4151 and ask 
lor Sandy to set up an inteMew. (411) 

622·1122 

Need part·time work? Need luition assistance 
plus more? The Naval Reserves is for you. Call 
Klmberty. 477-0104 for 467·5660. (411) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus NOlary Public? If so. 
call 587·7911 . (114-613) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5.95. While you 
wail. Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germain·s. 
452·9949. (1 119-613) 
Valce, Plano, Org.n, Gult.r. 43 years . 
alileveis. styles. NY City Opera. musicals. 
lop clubs. BM Chicago Conservalory of 
Music . Specl.1 student fe •• sing/play 
easllyl quickly. Michael Bondon 598· 5223 . 
(314·416) 
Green card .vallable 10 Orienlal Posl. Doc Ie· 
mate desiring permanent U.S. residence. 237· 
1473. (3111-415) 
CLARITY SERVICES Editing: proofreading. 
commenls. Tutoring:writing. English. math. Tesl 
preparalion. Experienced. reasonable. 294-48601 
584·4708. (3/29·4129) 

Regisler your birthdale with compatible singles 
for Iree compalible daling. Delails? Catl Don 
Slevens, 746-7403. (3J29.418) 
ViollnNloIa lessons. You or your chlld(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, professional 
teacher. Now accepting Sludents - all ages 
and levels welcome! Call Conrad. 552·0494. 
(3129·613) 
Taxes - There are lwo lhings in life lhal are 
certain. Give us a call. We will help with one. By 
Ihe Numbers. 673·4660. You're on your own for 
lhe other. (3129,418) 

lA JOLLA TAN - Attenlion UCSO slu· 
denlsll La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from UCSD in 
Ihe Renaissance Crr . near Rubios Fish 
Tacos. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL - 2 
PEOPLE TAN FOR THE PRICE OF I! Tan 
10rlhe holidays I See our ad in Ihls Issue or 
call 622· 1122. ThaI's lA JOLLA TAN . (31 
29·4/1 ) 
Need typlngiWord processing done? Will do any 
size job. any Iype of job. I will also do ediling If 
needed or wanted. Cal! Carol 481 ·6364 eve-
nings. (411 ·613) 

RESUMES. Individual consunallon, resume, 
cover letler $39. Satisfaction guaranteed. Reier· 
ences available. THE OUTSTANDING 
RESUME. 587·8148. (411-418) 

ltVE-IN AIDE NEEDED. Disabled Sludent 
needs help with personal care, marnsleves. 
weekdays or weekends. 3·5 hra/day stag· 
gered . Start Seplember. Female. non· 
smoker. On campus . 427·9781 . Julie. (4/ 
1·418) 

WANTED 
Seeking TM meditators to form on campus 
organization. Call Michael 276' 1314. Leave 
Message. (318·415) 
Resident AdVisors wanled lor INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE 1993·94! Career Services Job '5566. 
Applicalions due 419. (3129-415) 
Free Movie Tickelsl Men needed 10 participate in 
doctoral research project on sexual~y. Two free 
movie lickets in exchange for your lime. Please 
call 969-6987 lor more info. (3129·418) 
Wanted: Mac Power Book 100 Series. Cheap 

ea~y model . Leave message at 534·2915. (31 
29·418) 
Phatographic Co. visiting San Diego in Aprii 
needs nude models for beautiful ar1lstic phatos 
oflhe female form. All Inquiries kept confldenUai. 
Pay + prints provided. Catl (612) 898-8060 or 
Wrile Twin C~ies PhatoArt Inc .. 14870 Granada 
Ave .• Suile 302. Apple Vatley MN 55124. (3129· 
416) 

Need Cash? If you are male. between 18·28 
years old. bea subject in abehavioralexperiment: 
about $10lhour. Catl Christine. 453·4100 exl. 
561. (411) 
WANTEO: Anyone Inlerested In experience with 
lelevision production lor resume or Inlerest. Catl 
John 435·9489 ar 587·8994. No experience 
necessary. Siudent production will airon cable. 
(411·418) 
LIVE·IN AIDE NEEDED. Disabled Sludent 
needs help wilh personal care , mornsleves , 
weekdays or weekends. 3·5 hrsl day 
staggered . Siafl September. Felna!e. non· 
smoker. On campus. 427·9781 . Julie. (41 

FOR SALE 
Guilar: steel sIring acoustic. Pertect condition. 
lull size. Brand new. $90. 586·7928. (314.411) 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carals wilh parve. Ap-
praised $11.200.00. Sacrifice $6.000.00. Call 
454·2069. (316-511) 
NOTEBOOK 386SX computer. 40 meg HD. 2 
meg RAM. 3.5' 1.44 meg drive. 32 gray scale 
VGA. $1 .000 In currenl soitware. carrying case. 
banery pack, $950. Gary (619) 686·9814. (3129· 
411) 

Handa Passport. Perfect running condition. Re-
liable and lnexpenslvelransportatlon. $525. Call 
MAYA 632-8312. (3129-411) 

FURNITURE: Rosewood cabinel with 4 draw· 
ers. 5' long by 3' high. Armchairlhideaway bed. 
$50 abo . 793·7743. (3129-411) 

MCDonald's 
. . ... 

UCSD 
MEAL DEALS 
ARE BACK! 

• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r.-O---~~~~-~O~~~I 
I 10 Yo OFF any I unIlmltecL.a friend gets I 
: c:lothlng purchase I FREE MONTH: 

~:,~= I UNUMITEDTANS 
wit. .. CQ<4)On. Exp. ~/XJ193 New c:Ients ~~:" lfudent D. _________ L _______ _ 

7 DAYS a WEEK 
4 pm to CLOSE 
only at 
7140 Miramar Road 

Thursday, April 1, 1993 

UCLA I block from 2 BOi l SA condo $235,000 
or exchange (approx. 565.000 equHy). (714) 
825·2896. (3J29.4Il ) 
ENJOY THE AMERICAN ORIVING. Ofdsmabile 
Regency Madel 77. Greal conCItlons. Call 45(). 
S057 aher 8 p.m. (3129·411) 
IBM/COMP - 366116 MHz. 40 MB HD. 2 MB 
RAM. EGA Mant. Wlndaws, software. ~. 
HP DeSkjet 500 Printer. $800. 481-0288. (3J29. 
411) 
PAUL McCARTNEY Tickets - 4 tix field level. 
SI20/0b0 - ScoIt. 558·8175. (3J29.4I8) 
Soundblaster sound card lor your IBM. Comes 
with manuals and software. Call Scott - 558-
8175. (3129-411) 

SURFBOARDS FOR SALE. Three 6'1'. One 
8'4'. Musf sen. Olrty low prices. Starving student. 
Boards perfect lor learning on during Spring 
Quarter. Contact Jud at 622-0945. (3J29.4I5) 
Radio Shack EC·4034 graph. caJculatorwlpoiar. 
USEO ONCE! Wlmanuall $60. Jane 571· 7118. 
(3129·411) 

SPEAKERS: Brand new. 3·way. 125 watt/each. 
Never used. MUST SElLiI $100 for both. Dave 
558-4628. (4/1·415) 
Plane Tickels - 418 evening S.D. 10 Oakland and 
4112 Oakland 10 S.D. $40 each o.b.o. Call 792· 
8182. Ask for Nancy. (411·415) 
Mlcrosoh Word 5.1 and Excel 4.0 for Macinlosh. 
Unopened. Not academic edltions. 459·8469. 
(411) 
Genuine lealher bomber jackel. large. brown. 
excetlent condition. $170.00 o.b.o.; HP 42S sci· 
enlHic calculator. like new. $80.00 D.b.a. ISH 
453-0236. (4/1·415) 
DODGE 1981 . Greal around Ihe town carl Runs 
greal. $600 o.b.o. Catl Heatner 453·6028. (4I t· 
4115) 
Sporty '93 Honda SIlEx coupe wMets (4 new 
Ilres/rims). Perfect. Musl Sell. $689 negotiable. 
552..()4()7. (411·415 ) 
PUPPIES, AKc/oFA Ronwieler. 2 males. 1 fe-
mate. excellenl. 5400·$600. 789·7486. (411 ·418) 
GIGANTIC. MULTI·FAMIL Y garage sale Ihis 
Selurday in Universily City. Lots for babies & 
preschoolers. lays. men's & women's clolhing . 
booI<s. furniture. household ilems. small & large 
appliances. All must go. CHEAP! 7277T easdale 
Ave. All proceeds benefit Ihe Int'l Co-operaJive 

HOUSING 
Furnished conda. - Regenls Rd. 2 bdr .. 1 ba .. 
balcony. $825.00. 619-491-1196 or 714-779· 
0540. (314·515) 

Female roam male wanled to share masler 
bedroom. Villas 01 renaissance. 5300/month. 
Sherry 452·2586. (318·418) 
Universily Cily male room male wanled. $212 + 
114 ulil iJies. Washerl dryer, microwave, 
dishwasher. cable. huge closel space. on bus 
roule 10 campus. two pools. gym. racquetball 
court. Call Sha~ene . 452· 7669. (3129·418) 
Available now! Own room In Det Mar. $3281ma. 
Spring Ouarter. summer ok. Matelfemale. 481 · 
4345. (3129-411) 
Sorrenlo Mesa. 15 minules from campus. 1 
bedroomlbath lor renl. $3SO. New house. pool , 
jacuzzi. laundry. Prefer quiel non·smoker. no 
drugs. no pets. Call Usa at 576·6419. (3129-411) 

Apt. for rent unfurnished. La JallalUCSD avi. 41 
1193. $75Oimo .. 2BD/2BA. garage. 622·0792. 
558-6486. (3129·418) 
Own room. own bath In 2BR nearVons. washerl 
dryer. pool. Share with I male + 1 cal. $400 + 1 I 
2 utililies. (3129-411) 
Female roommales wanted to share Third lower 
apartment next academic year. Please call 587· 
4725. (3129-411) 
Roommale needed to sharelown room . 
Furnished house In Del Mar. 53101$360. Helen 
792·2392. (3/29·418) 
Windansea: Ouiel Iropical landscaped beach 
dwelling. Hardwood floors, lireplace. heahhy 
environmenl. Room $365. 459-2989 deposil. (41 
1) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE HEEDED: Renl $230. 5 
minute walk from UCSD. For more Info, call 457 
·4621. (411) 
Roommale wanled. Mature. responsible. noo-
sexisl. chemical free. vegetarian graduate student 
prelerred. Quiet house. 792·5698. (411·4/5) 
Masler bedroom for Renl • S300/mo. Washerl 
dryer. MaielFemale. 8 miles from SChool. Mira 
Mesa. 566-6348. (411-4/8) 
Room. UTC 4 br. furnished townhame. Mom and 
2 kids. pooI , lennis. hallub. $315. 989·9000. (41 
1-415) 
LtVE-IN AIDE HEEDED. Disabledstudent needs 
help with personal care. moms/eves, weekdays 
or weekends. 3·5 hrslday slaggered. Start 
September. Female, noo-smoker. On campus . 

LOST & FOUND 
Laet !at quarter - a blue aqua and willie 
w1ndbrN1cer jacketllndpr..atptian ~ 
RewW 79 

PERSONALS 
Den"'. F . - Very int"elled '" the •• y 
you 've got .. . da you need a IHdlng lady, 
ar i. the rale alr"dy caet? -Ju.1 Curlou. 
(4/1) 



I • 

6 OPINION 

STOP! 
How could JOU 
possibly go .IIB day 
wllIIout a lUng for 
TheUCSO........, 
Heck,_II ... 
pay JUII. SerIously. 

Call 534 6580 
far IID8 lifo. 

(Experience handling live monkeys 
beneficial but not required.) 

The U(;SD Guardian 

TALK: Shows 
reflect our social ills 
Continued from pee. 4 
beings could be. They are driven by 
the libido for the hideous. The maxim 
of the talk show is that deviants will 
receive the best rating. Therefore, 
every talk show host looks for that 
toothless inbred kid who plays the 
banjo. 

Some critics might contend that 
perhaps talk shows are talking about 
things that have always been an un-
dercurrent in American society. Yes, 
it is indeed possible that our lives 
today with their concentration on wife-

DIIcu.II.,... .. 
dIIv_ by the IIIIdo 
for the hideous. 
Every talk show host 
looks for that 
toothless II ....... kid 
.who plays a.. .... 

Thursday, Apl'ill , 1993 

beating and sexual deviance and mo-
lestation are merely public displays 
of what has always gone on in 
America. I tend to think. however, 
that life in the United States has not 
always been so twistedandaccursedly 
populated by such a fiagr'dnt march-
ing band of fools. This is not to sound 
an atavistic clarion, but a society is 
defined by the spiritual and cultural 
values that it adheres to. 

Even if human appetites have al-
ways been so relentlessly vulgar, life 
before talk shows would have been 
more noble. Its most redeeming fea-
ture would be that at least] wouldn't 
have to hear about how wretched man 
can become. 

TmRD COLLEGE COUNCIL SUPPORTS MARsHAILCOIJ4EGE PROPOSAL 
Editor: for the lack of student involvement in 

the renaming process. 

READERS' 

FORUM 

Third would want Third College to 
continue growing as it has with its 
incorporation of the new DOC cur-
riculum, and to rename Third to 
Marshall would only help Third 
progress with its educational and so-
cial responsibilities. 

Provost Cec iI Lytle's proposed re-
naming of Third College to Thurgood 
Marshall College is supponed by the 
Third College Student Council. How-
ever, Council was surprised to learn 
in the Feb. 25 issue of the Guardian 
that the renaming would take place 
sometime during March or April, af-
ter being informed of the proposal 
one week before by Provost Lytle. 
Third Council was not notified the 
proposal would be acted on so quickly. 

That same week, many students 
attended the regularly scheduled 
Council meeting to discuss their con-
cerns about renaming the college, as 
well as voicing their disappointment 

A forum was held on March 4 in 
which approximately 130 students, 
faculty and staff attended, to discuss 
the renaming proposal. Both Provost 
Lytle and Nick Aguilar along with 
other students who attended were able 
to layout their concerns. Some stu-
dents who attended were able tocom-
municate their concerns on how Third 
College has its own identity to each 
Third student, andhowthe name Third 
is special because itis inclusive. How-
ever, Marshall is a name that exem-
plifies the Third College philosophy 
by his dedication to defending hu-
manitarian rights. Most founders of 

11Ie Guardian ...elcomes /etters from its readers. 
We resetVe the ril/llt to edit for IerWfh ;n1 cJwity. 

. The Guardian 

During the March II Council 
meeting a consensus was taken in 
which renaming Third to Thurgood 
Marshall was supponed (12-y, I-N). 
The majority of the council did not 
SUppoIl the renaming process (1 -Y, 
I-A, II-N). On the option of having 
not to change Third College's narne at 
all, Council was divided (4-Y,3-A,4-
N). 

OpiniOn Editor 
9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 

La )oRa. CA 920930316 
Third College Council Leaders 

SPRING 1993 

I 

WEDNESDAY 
MAIlCH3} 

INFONlGtrr 
PRICE CENTER 

PLAZA 
6:00PM 

THURSDAY 
APRIL I 

MEEfTHE ZEBES 
ROUND TABLE PIZZA 
BULL'S EYE TAVERN 

AT 7:00 PM 

SUNDAY 
APIlIL4 

SUNSET AT THE CUFFS 
OUR OLDEST TRADITION 

KICK BACK AND ENJOY SOME 
SUBS 

5:00PM 

I I) I) .) \ /' /' i " g 

CELEB.RATION OF TIlE ARTS 
at UCSD 

Stewart Prizes in Literature: 
Poetry & Fiction 
$100.00 each 

The DEADUNE for submissions is FRIDAY, APRIL 16th at 4 PM 

FRIDAY 
APIlILl 

DINNER WITH 
DELTA GAMMA SORORITY 

MEET .4:f PORTER'S PUB 
AT 6:00PM 

SEMI·FORMALATnRB 
WOUlD BE APPREOi\JED 

MONDAY 
APRILS 

NCAAFlNALS 
AT THE ZBT HOUSE 

5:00PM 

SATURDAY 
APRIL 3 

BEACH DAY & BBQ 
AT THE BUBBLE HOUSE 

IN DELMAR 
1:00PM 

TUESDAY 
APRIL 6 

3 ON 3 BASKETBAll. 
& BBQ AT MUIR COURT'S 

4:00PM 

Come /o.in us for 23reaiifasl 
slarHng 71pr.lf 5 

3~gg Omlettes 
French Toast 

Belgian Waffles 
"much more 

True Christians Face 
Guilt By Association 
Editor: 

In response ro Philip Michaels' 
article "The Mob Squad Strikes 
Again" (Feb. 25) I would like to de-
fend myself as a so-called "born-again 
Christian." First of all, Mr. Michaels 
seems (0 make some sweeping gener-
alizations about Christianity which 
are not based on any SOIl of fact 
whatsoever. When Mr. Michaels 
states that "the born-again Chris-
tians ... don't care much for Mor-
mons .. . " he insinuates that Chris-
tians as a whole do not get along with 
other religions. Contrary to this, Jesus 
called us to love all men, and warned 
"Do not judge .. . Donotcondemn ..... 
and called us to "Forgive .... " (Luke 
6:37) It is not that Christians do not 
like Mormons but rather that we dis-
agree with their teachings. 

This, of course, does not give any 
right to harass, and assuming that Mr. 
Michaels' article was not exagger-
ated, which is a big assumption, the 
individuals involved in the protest at 
the Mormon Temple were far out of 
line in their behav ior as far as Chris-
tianity goes. 

It is unfollunate that these persons 
who make a habit of harassing other 
people are the "Christians" who are 
most often seen by the public, but 
suffice it to say that there are indeed 
Christians in this world who" .. . love 
[their] neighbor as [themselves]" 
(Luke 10:27) and who do not practice 
such a judgmental attitude toward 
others. 

As a Christian, ] am tired of being 
likened to such individuals as those 
who harass people, who do not be-
long to their faith and who abuse their 
First Amendment rights. ]t is true 
many people use Christianity to abuse 
and harass individuals, however, 
sweeping generalizations of Chris-
tianity do more harm than good. 

Also, the insinuation that Chris-
tians walk around condemning others 
and calling others heretics is highly 
stereotypical, for in reality a true Chris-
tian approaches others with an open 
bean and with love. Likening Chris-
tianity to McCanhyism and the Holo-
caust is entirely out of line. 

r am sure that by questioning any 
Christian about his or her stand on 
these events would show that true 
Christianity is on the side of reason. 
Christianity i II0 ( about mobs, it is 
/lui about violence, and what it is 
about is love. 

See the Ute["'~ture Depanmem for inforrnaion and 
entry fontlS. Quesions? Contact Nancy Hesketh! 

Mr. Michaels' closing sentence 
" ... ifyou can't beat 'em, why nOBry 
kicking 'em instead?" sums up the 
belief that so many non-Christians 
have concerning Christianity. This is 
the belief that harms so many Chris-

Zips 7ummy 23usler tians, because to be stereotyped into 
?rice Genler, Ie! 4StJ ~OO70 this type of role leaves no room to Debbie Morrow, 3110 Literature Building 

TanYI Mercado ~ _____ m_~=i!i!iim=mt=_iiiin _____ ~ prove otherwise. 

Thursday, April 1, 1993 

Tritons Clip 
eel, 9-5 
USER" , • UCSD scores 
nine with two out in sev-
enth inning for victory 
By Grea Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It wasn't a severth-inning stretch for 
the UCSD t.seball team, it was an 
explosion. Down 3-1, with two out in 
thetopofthesevcmh,theTrilonsbombed Chuck ,.,...,/&.11.., 
host Ouist College of Irvine ftr eiglt Ben M .... picked up the win. 
runs, giving them all the scoring they Of UCSD's eight hits, seven came 
needed to biumph, 9-5. in that severXh inning. 

Marcos Magdaleno was the spart- The offemive output helped aIlevi-
plug for the Tritons' incttdible rally aleashaityTritonpitchingperfonnm:e 
when, wihtwooutslfldtheblsesloadc:d, in which the UCSD hwlets gave up 11 
he doublet1 into the left cuner to clear walks. FreshrnanBcn Mangan came 00 
the blsesand put the Tritons up4-3. The with two out in the boUan of the fifth to 
nextbatter,PatHart, walked,n1heand record the tirsI win ofbic; C81M"_ 
MagdaIenowerelroughlhomebyOaig "We just couldn't find the plate all 
BiJk.'stllree-runbiasttogiveUCSDa7- day," UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates 
3 lead. A couple of singles and errors said "But we finally put togethec a 
\aler. the inning came to a merciful end . Iegitimare rally and complete irming. 
for the Eagles. ThaI was the story of the game." 

From 3-6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID h h 
Two complete dinners for only 
$9.90 with student ID 
Good thru 6/30/93 foot V2 ycrd you 

OLD TOWN,SAN DIEGO • 298-0133 

INTERESTED IN BUS/NESS? 

RUSH 
ALPHA KApPA PSI 

Co-ed Professional Business Fraternity 

Information Night Tonight! 
7:00pm Galbraith Hall 1438 

See our Rush Table in the Price Center this week. 

Onl., \ fill ('an IIclp ... 

Earn money for your 
blood donation! 

If you have active 
symptoms or have had 
one of the following 

diseases: 
Hepatitis Rh·Flctor Rubella 
Syphilis Lupus "others 

Your blood can be wonh berwun 
$40-$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(.4 subsidiary of H,maCau Cotp«a/ioll) 

San Diego 
(619)226-1733 

H ....... 
.... ,.,. 
• ......... DC 
..... 
..... CIIr 
London 
FrInkfwt 

;:e, r.ye.::,,~~ .:.:=~~: 
_ .. DIla ..." tit """,rod . 
............... 

Council"'" 
ucso Plicc CG'kr (by the Past Office) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 7 

UCSD Lambastes Leopards in Three 
VOLlIYBALL: Tritons 
capture secood win of the 
season, 15-9,15-817-15 
By BlaIr RIdley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
sconxIilstirslon-the~winonTucs­
day night when it defeated the Univer-
sity of La Verne in tIYee games, 15-9, 
15-8, 17-15. 

Tyson KerrandTaylorSmiIh paved 
the way fcx' the Tritom with II kills 
apiece. Neal O'Brien added 14 digs in 
the winning cause. 

The victory malted the first lime 
this season that UCSD finished the 
march willi over a .200 hitting percenl-
age. 

Anocher key statistic in the win was 
thenumberofdigs, where UCSDnearly 
doubled La Verne, 49-26. 

UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde was 
pleased with all facets of his team's 
game, "We did a nice job with our 
digging and our transition game. 

steve ~ and 1"yIon Kerr ao for the block durInC UCSO'. win. 
"WeexeculCd very wen duoughout which occurcd in three straight games aI 

the whole match. We also did agoodjob La Verne. 
of conIrolling their primary hitters," he UCSD (2-18) will play host to the 
said. University of Southern California on 

The win enabled the Tritons to Saturday night aI 7 p.m. in the Main 
avenge their previous loss to La Verne, Gym. 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
MI CROBREWERY & R ESTA U RTANT 

THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER 
& SPAGHETII NIGHT 

- SPAGHETTI $3 99 w/meat or Marinara 
sauce & bread 
(after 5 pm) 

- MICROBREWED $ 00 
BEERS 1 
AlllO-oz. glasses 
(after 7 pm) 

* Remember all $1.00 * 
beers are NOT THE SAllE! 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

-ALL 

. :~es $ 5 0e~. 
PITCHERS 
(after 5 pm) 

* Try the THAI * 
CHICKEN PlUA! 

4475 Mission Blvd. 274.ALES 
comer of Mission & Gamet • SeaCoast Square __ ----

• FREE PARKING off of Hornblend St. 

-



8 SPORTS 

fRANascD 
_5 

Why Don't 
FISh Explode? 

1 sal cabnly at the boaom of the 
pool looking up through my mask at 
the blurry figw-es staring down at me. 
I'd been there for several minutes, 
comfonably submerged and resting on 
the concrete floor. "Hey," 1 thought, "I 
could get into this." 

That shott experience I had with a 
SCUBA tank during a visit to Hawaii 
with my parents convinced me that I 
really wanted to wander the depths of 
the oceans, daring to tread where only 
fish had dared to go. 

It took some saving and procrasti-
nating, but finally I signed up for a 
SCUBA class. I was off to the 
underworld. 

Once home I began leafing through 
the manuals and workbooks given to 
students by the nice people who took 
all my money. 

Interspersed with cute little 
graphics on how to clear your snorkel 
or check your air tank were diagrams 
of what happens to your body when 
you come up to the surface too fast, 
how to avoid getting sharks excited 
and something called a "stone fish," 
which appears to enjoy hiding in rocks 
and sand until a poor, unsuspecting 
diver steps on it 

Hold on, I thought, maybe I 
shouldn't be rushing into this. 1 read 
on. . 

It seems that a human is apt to 
explode, or implode, or something, 
when wandering among the fish. 
You've got to go up and down slowly, 
they say. WeD, what if you're being 
chased by something, say a sharlc? 
Will the sharlc wait while you take a 
three-minute breather to decompress 
before fleeing his six-inch mandibles 
of death? 

Apparently all it takes to get a 
shark worked up into a frenzy is 
something called "chumming," which 
seems to involve dumping animal 
intestines into the ocean. Why would 
you do that? Do people frequently 
throw intestines or other internal 
organs into the water? When they do, 
do divers get a head start on these 
hungry beasts or willI have to 
sacrifice my friend so 1 might live? 

Obviously, this is of some concern 
or they wouldn't have told me about it, 
right? 

And what about these stone fISh, 
and this thing called a sea wasp? 
Apparently I'm not supposed to step 
on that either. And then there are eels; 
I really hate eels. 

And about this exploding thing, 
how come fISh don't explode when 
fisherman pull them from their happy 
home 100 feet under? I think this 
question might keep me awake at 
night 

Well, the nice people at the Diving 
Locker have my money now, so I 
guess I'm going to go through with my 
class, despite my growing concerns. 
But it is now becoming clear why they 
were so intent on getting my check 
before passing out the workbooks. 
They must have experienced chickens 
of my sort before. 

The UCSD Guardian Th~rsday, April 1, 1993 

John Crou needed tine sets to bold orr WlI .... ' Marlin Goldstein 7~ (7-5), 4-6, 6-1 In UCSO's 7-2 victory on Monday afternoon. 

UCSD Nets Blowout Win 
MEN'S IUns: Tritons win third 
home match in less than a week 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

Williams College, venturing all the way from 
Massachusetts, probably doesn't want to make any 
more visits to sunny La Jolla After all, the Tritons are 
such rude hosts. The UCSD men's tennis team, 
enjoying a busy stretch of home matches, made sure 
Williams' stay on the Muir tennis courts would be 
short and unpleasant by breezing to a 7-2 victory on 
Monday afterooon. The win was UCSD'sthirdhome-
court victory in eight days. 

UCSO Head Coach Tun 
Oitzler wac; impressed by his 
team's performance. "We 
had solid performances from 
top to bottom. I'm really 
happy about how weplayed," 
he said 

Williams got off to a good 
start, as Dennis Geronimus 
stopped UCSO's number-
one singles player Jeff 
Bethard in the opening match, 
winning 7-6 (7-5),4-6,6-3. 

John Cross, playing at 
number-two, outlastcd Mar-

lin Goldstein 7-6 (7-3), 4-6, 6-1 to give UCSD its fU'St 
win of the afternoon. In number-three singles play, 
Vern Yamell gave the Tritons another victory with a 
6-3,6-2 drubbing of Neil Glass. 

Robbie Ho' s easy victory at number four, coupled 
with Roy Gessford's straight-set, 6-3, 6-1 bIitting of 
Eric W oodworth, gave the Tritons fourstraigltsingles 
victories and left UCSD one win away from its third 

Jason RItdlIe/GUBIlIIan 
Vern Yarnell won In straight eets for UCSD. 
overall team victory in the last four outings. 

UCSO's bid to clinch the overall team victory 
before doubles play was dashed at number-six singles 
when Williams' John Fishion handed Triton Jeff 
Young a 6-3, 64 defeat. 

The number~ doubles tandem of Bethard and 
Cross ended Williams' upset hopes by handling 
Geronimus and Eric Roiter, 6-3, 64. At number-
two doubles, Yamell and Brian Kaplan were too 
much for the Williams tandem of Young and Brooks 
Perlin, winning easily 6-3, 6-1. 

Young and Hogave UCSO (54) a clean sweep of 
the three doubles matches by scoring a three-set, 2-6, 
6-3, 6-1 victory over Goldstein and Dan Polsby. 

''We definitely closed [Williams] out. It was a 
good rilatch," Ditzler said. 

Ahead 

Duffers Tame 
Wood Ranch 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

You'd think if PGA great Arnold Palmer 
couldn't handle the heal. the UCSO golf team 
would stay clear of the kitchen. Well, think 
again. 

The Tritons devoured the Cal Lutheran 
Invitational competition held at Wood Ranch 
Country Oub in Simi Valley on March 29, 
finishing 36 holes with a winning tally of 598 
(304-294). Cal State Northridge grabbed sec-
ond, shooting 610 (310-300) and Long Beach 
State followed with a 611 (300-311). 

Once a regular stop on the Senior PGA 
Tour, the course was dropped from the sched-
ule because of its high difficulty level. "It is 
6,552 yards of pure hell," said Head Coach 
Mike Wydra. "These boys are as tough as 
nails." 

Individually, the Tritons madeaclean sweep 
of- the top three spots, led by junior Dale 
Abraham's 147 (75-72), senior Jeremy Moe's 
149 (75-74) and sophomore Pete Robert's 150 
(78-72). 

Other contributors to the victory were Tom 
Brown's round of 153 (76-77) and Brock 
Shafer's 154 (78-76). 

"Everybody on the team broke 80 on both 
rounds," said Wydra. "'fhat's outsranding f0f a 
course like this." 

The He ••• MatdIup: a.elllll VI. PoInt Loma ,..... ColaIB, today at 2:30 p.m., b •• abel cIamond. 
Other Games: Women's teMis vs. UC Santa Cruz. tod6t at 3 p.m., MuW tennis COIIts. Women's softball vs. C8I Lutheran, friday at 2 p.m., softball diamond. Golf vs. CSU San Bernardino and 

csu Domi~uez HUts, Friday at 1 p.m., Torrey Pines. Men's YO/Ie)t)aII vs. USC, SabIday at 7 p.m., Main Gtm. Crew at the San DieIO Crew Classic, Saturday and Sunday at 7 a.m., Mission Bay. 
Track at UC Riverside, Saturday. Men's tennis at Claremont College, SabKday. Women's water polo at UC Santa Barbara, Friday.Sunday. Hockey playoffs, Friday at 7 p.m., San Diego lee Arena. 



Elsewhere 

UCR Searches For 
New School Mascot 
RIVERSIDE-Officials at UC 
Riverside announced yesterday 
that they planned to do away 
with their current mascot, the 
beloved Highlander. Instead, 
UCR hopes to adopt a mascot 
that symbolizes the quality of 
life in Riverside. Finalists for the 
po ition include a tree loth, a 
diseased pigeon and a lightly 
overweight Shriner named Earl, 
who delights children of all ages 
by riding around on his John 
Deere power mower. 

More Budget Cuts 
HIt Sail DIego State 
SAN DIEGO - Officials of 
SDSU announced yesterday 
that budget constraints have 
forced them to eliminate six 
departments, which will re ult 
in the layoff of hundred of 
faculty members and tenured 
profe sors. Fortunately, SDSU 
was able to spare it Greek 
ystem, ensuring the rights of 

students to drink themselves 
into an oblivion every weekend. 
"When you're a State student, 
drinking is all you have," said 
SDSU spokesman Rick Moore. 

'Plaid Guy' Finally 
Expelled From UCLA 
LOS ANGELES - UCLA 
officials announced yesferday 
that sophomore Abi Raval, 
otherwise known as the 'Plaid 
Guy' would be expelled from 
that UC campus for refu ing to 
conform to the university's 
stringent dress code. Raval 
gained national attention and 
many shocked glance when he 
insisted on coming to school in 
plaid leisure uits. A campus-
wide 'plaid-in' was held in 
Raval's honor. 

UC Irvine Students 
Hold Anti-UCR Rally 
fRVINE- To the chants of "At 
least we're not Riverside," UCI 
tudems celebrated their 15th 

anniversary. "We may be the 
Anteaters, but it could always be 
worse," said a jubilant student. 

Inside 

ELL-O 
RECEPTACLE: Jell-O-
it 's all the rage with kids 
today. Let's learn more about 
it. R20 

SPORT!: The Tritons took 
two of three against Cal 
Lutheran in bocce ball. 11 

Index 
PETER eRr ........................ 2 
DI I FORMATJO ................. 3 
PROPAGANDA ..................... .4 
GIBBON ............................ 10 
FUTO -O-RMIA .................... 5 

EX EX EX ........... YO WI H 

T H E DISRE 

NOTSDSU! THURSDAY,APRILl,1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 0 

U C to Slash Fees, Cut Administrative Size 
BUDGET: 'Power to the 
people,' President Peltason 
proclaims to press corps 
By Phil Rizzuto 
For the Money Store 

Ina move designed to quell grow-
ing student protest over the fourth 
straight year of fee increase , UC 
President Jack Peltason 'announced 
plans to suspend the recently ap-
proved fee increase and instead fur-
ther streamline the university ad-
ministration. 

The move, if approved by the 
regents later this month, will be the 
first fee rollback in the history of the 
university. 

The plan, which is not yet for-
malized according to Peltason, 
would involve the wholesale elimi-

nation of all assistant vice presi-
dents and assistant vice chancellors 
next year. 

"After reading the thousands of 
letters sent by students to my office 
criticizing the fee hikes I came to the 
conclu ionthatsomethingelsemust 
be done," Peltason said ye terday. 

"How can I sit idly by and watch 
this university sy tern crumble be-
fore my eyes when there is some-
thing I can do to help," he added. 
"We must begin to give more power 
to the people." 

University of Cali fomi a Student 
Association (UCSA) Executive Di-
rector Andy Shaw was stunned by 
the announcement. 

"While we are pleased and grati-
fied at Peltason 's change of heart 1 
can't help but think he's making 
some sort of joke," he said. 

CAUGHT IN THE ACT ... 

Alfred Stieglitz/Camera Guy 
Chancellor RIchard Atkinson prepares to address an assembly of 
the class of '97. "Where did I leave my keys?" Atkinson asked. 
His secretary later found them In the Chancellor's other pants. 

"But, I must say, I do feel em-
powered by all of this," he added. 

Also announced were plans for 
several fundraising events, includ-
ing UCSD Vice Chancellor Joseph 
Watson 's plan for a 10K run in the 
San Diego area. 

" I truly think running is good, 
and I really appreciate the fact that 
[Watson] was good enough to bring 
this to my attention," Peltason said. 

According to UC spokesman 
Mike Lassiter, the total savings will 
far outweigh the money lost by re-
cinding the fee increase. "In fact, 

we should tum a tidy little profit," 
he s·aid. 

Lassiter added that the rollback 
will include everyone "but UC Riv-
erside." 

"We really don't like Riverside 
that much," he said. 

Cash Flow 
A look at all the money the 
Regents are spewing back our 
way: 

Salvador Dali/ Dead 
However, the plan is being met 

with some resistance among Third 
College students. 

"While we agree that the roll-
back is a good idea we don't under-
stand why student input wasn't in-
cluded in the decision-making pro-
ce s," said irate Third College se-
nior Bucky Quinn. 

See BUCKS, Page 13 

Fifth College to be 
Renamed Fortas 
SHAKER: Influential 
justice to bring fame to 
ailing Fifth College 
By Rufus W. Peckham 
Cleveland Appointee 

Following the decision last 
month by Third College to rename 
itself Thurgood Marshall College 
afterthe late Supreme Court Justice, 
Fifth College announced yesterday 
plans to adopt the name of former 
Justice Abe Fortas, who served on 
the high court from 1965 to 1969. 

"If Third College can have a 
name. then by God. we can have a 
name, too," declared Fifth College 
Provo t James Lyon during a pres 
conference and commuter break-
fast yesterday. Citing Fortas' "pro-
found comm ittment to the pursuit of 
truth,ju tice and the American way," 
Lyon said the decision to name Fifth 
after the late justice was reached by 
a special ad-hoc advi ory legisla-
tion committee after "several hours" 
of deliberative brain-storming. 

If approved by the UC Regents, 
Fortas College would be the third 
college at UCSD to be named after 
a dead Supreme Court justice. 

Fifth College students' reaction 
to the new name ranged from hostile 
indifference to passive opposition. 
" I think its appalling," said per-
plexed Fifth College Freshman 
Willa Cather. " I mean, • Fish' was a 
good show and all, but does the guy 
really deserve to have a college 
named after him?" 

"Yeah, sure, whatever," said 
Fifth College Senior Roger Taney. 

"Who the hell i Abe Fortas?" 
asked UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. 

Forta , who died in 1982. was 
unavailable for comment. 

Forta , who was appointed by 
Lyndon Johnson in 1965 to replace 
Arthur Goldberg, had a less-than-
distinguishing record during his 
four-yeartenureon the nation's high-
est court. A ajurist, Fortas mayor 
may not be best known for his dis-
sent in A l'elY v. Midland County, in 
which he vigorously argued against 
the Court 's doctrine of equal appor-
tionment. 

In 1969, Fortas was chosen by 
President Nixon to replace retiring 
Chief Justice Earl Warren. Fortas 

See FORTAS, Page 3 

Howes Suspends A.S. Elections at Council Meeting 
By Matthew Schnurer 
Programmer for Life 

Declaring that the current uncer-
tainty about the co-op negotiations 
and student autonomy required sta-
bility in the Associated Students 
Council, A.S. President Mike 
Holmes suspended next week's elec-
tions at last night's A.S. meeting. 

"A transition of power at this 
point i n't in the best interest of 
student ," Holmes told the council. 
" I have no choice but to uspend 
elections and declare myself presi-
dent for an indefinite period." 

Reaction among other council 

members and students was swi ft 
and noticeable. 

"Fine with me," said Fifth Col-
lege Senator Craig Bardsley. 

"There were elections coming 
up?" agreed Vice President Exter-
nal Colin Wilson. 

"Mike Holmes will still be pre6i-
dent? Who the hell i Mike 
Holmes?" asked confused Muir se-
nior Jessica Scott, who has been 
dating Holmes since 1990. 

Not everyone reacted favorably 
to Holmes' announcement. 

"This isa travesty,adark day for 
student govemment, a black eye for 

democracy, an atrocity of the high-
est order ... a ... urn, what exactly 
are we talking about again?" said 
local rabble-rouser Ely Rabani. 

When infonned of the decision, 

A.S. Advisor Randon Woodard be-
gan laugh uncontrollably. 

"Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha," said 
Woodard. 

"That's pretty funny," he added 
off the record. 

In spite of uch criticism, Holmes 
remained steadfast in his decision, 
pointing out that a "virtual dictator-
ship" would only strengthen the 
position of all students. 

"Besides, all of the candidates 
this year are incredible rube and 
half-wit ," Holme aid. "Mo I of 
them aren't man enough to carry my 

See MIKE, Page 9 

I 



2 NEWS The Diareguardian Thuraday, Aprill , 1993 

Latest Stuart Collection 
Piece Gets Rave Reviews 

ETCETERA. • • 
ART: Students, faculty and administrators are all agog 
over local artist Richard Barnard's new 'White Rock' 
By Andy WIIIttoI 
AJtBoy 

"White Rock," the newest addi-
tion to the Stuan Collection, was 
unveiled before students, faculty and 
administmtors on Monday. 

The bminchild of local artist 
Patrick Barnard, "White Rock" con-
sists of an ordil13J)' IO-pound rock 
sponing a fresh coat of blue paint. 
The piece will cost 
the university ap-
proximately $3 mil-
lion. 

asked why his piece was called 
"White Rock" when he had painted 
it blue, Barnard replied, "Because 
K-Manhadaspecial on Dutch Boy." 

Most present at the inauguration 
ceremony had nothing but pmise 
for "White Rock." 

"I think it's wonderful," said Lit-
erature professor Hugh S. Lin. " It' s 
not only art. It has a function as well . 

You can lift it. You 
can throw it. You 
can use it as a pa-
perweighl." 

"II •• It. It Is v.,-
pretty. I like the 
fact that It Is 

UCSD students 
are quite familiar 
with Barnard 's 
work.. He was the 
driving force behind 
the numerous "No 
Parking" signs 
which adorn the lots painted. I cIdn't 

" Barnard has 
made a brilliant po-
litical statement. By 
painting this rock 
white, he is speak-
ing for the albino in 
all of us," Lin 
added. 

around campus. know you could do 
"I wanted to try that. " 

The Albino Stu-
dent A ssociation 
could not be something different 

with this piece," said 
Barnard of his latest 

~ Atkinson reached for com-
UCSD Chancellor ment. 

creation. " Ithoughtto myself, • You 
see all sorts of rocks - big rocks, 
small rocks, jagged rocks and 
smooth rocks.' When was the last 
time you ever saw a white rock? 

"Well, now you can," Barnard 
added with a knowing grin. 

Even administrators were lavish 
in their praise of "White Rock. " 

" I like it. It is very pretty. I like 
the fact that it is painted. I didn't 
know you could dothat," saidUCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

BRIEFLY ... 

G oS~ DAbJ ,~ 
te; A F\)", GUV n> 
tWE fiIOJwn ! HE't: 

WlI~c..o-r "TiM € ! 

"White Rock" is the product of 
two years of painstaking work on 
the part of Barnard. For months, 
Barnard scoured the greater San 
Diego area, searching for. just the 
right rock. 

Atkinson also responded to crit-
ics who charged that the $3 million 
price tag for " White Rock" was too 
extmvagant. Atkinson dismissed 
such criticisms as foolish. 

" Such criticisms are foolish," 
Atkinson said. 

Talking Tree Mangled in Freak Mishap 
After finding the right rock, 

Barnard spent the remaining months 
applying a coat of blue paint. When 

"Besides, what on earth would 
we spend all that money on?" he 
added. 

One of UCSD's famous talking trees was accidentally 
chopped down during a tree thinning operation Tuesday. 

' The tree, part of UCSD Stuart Collection and a favorite 
stop for campus tour guides, was deemed a total loss 
by the art collection 's director Lauren Bemthal. 

According to Bemthal, no other art pieces were 
injured in the accident. 

band The Monkees, will appear at Peterson Hall tonight 
at 8 p.m. Tork's speech, entitled "I'm Not Your Stepping 
Stone, " will cover his career with the Monkees, his lean 
years during the Carter administration, his recent co~ 
back with the Christian rock band " New Testament" and 
his ongoing feud with Michael Nesmith. 

Watson Pulls KSDT's Plug 
Director of Tree TrirTVTling and Foliage Grooming 

Activities Tim Perry claimed responsibil ity for the acci-
dental chopping yesterday. 

"I cannot tell a lie," he said. "I was roaming through 
the grove with my axe and I noticed that the particular 
tree in question looked a might sick and it was making 
these wild screeching noises, you know. Well I just 
figured it was calling for someone to put it out of its 
misery," Perry added. "I am really in touch with my 
trees. " 

"I'm really looking forward to appearing at UCSD," 
Tork said from his horne in Riverside. "You wouldn't 
believe how nice it is to get out of Riverside, let me tell 
you." 

In a surprise move that could 
affect the future of student organi-
zations on campus, Vice Chancel-
lor for Undergraduate Affairs Jo-
seph Watson announced that he 
would " disestabli sh" K SDT , 
UCSD's student radio station. 

"For too long now, K SDT has 
been operating in violation of uni-
versity pol iciesand procedures. This 
is something we cannot tolerate," ' 
aid Watson. 

'·Besides," Watson added, ·'the 
music they play is pretty crappy. I 
mean, the songs sound like 
somebody's strangling a goat." 

Students involved wi th KSDT 
reacted angri ly to the decision, de-
fending their stati on aga inst 
Watson's criticism. 

"We do not play songs that sound 
like somebody's strangling a goat. 
A wombatmaybe,butagoat?That 's 
preposterous," said KSDT disc 

jockey Howie Kasem. 
According to Watson, KSDT 

was given numerous chances to 
avoid being disestablished. " If they 
played a KISS album every now 
and then, or some Boz Skaggs, 
maybe things would have turned 
out differently," said Watson, who 
added that he favored radio stations 
with a light rock. less talk format. 

Chris Burnett, chair of the 
disestablished University Center 
Board, has said that he will take up 
KSDT"s fight in court. 

"Students have the right to lis~en 
to as much crappy music as they 
want," Burnen said. 

" If you take away that right, the 
next thing you know. we won't be 
allowed to buy Yoko Ono CDs," 
added Burnett, a big fan of Ono's 
earlier work. 

-Peter Crt .. 
Master Skins Basher 

The tree was first erected for a cost of nearly $2 
million, but according to Bemthal replacing the tree wi ll 
be much more expensive, "You must now take into 
account the fact that old wiring no longer meets the new 
Califomia fire codes for talking trees: she said. 

"And getting them to talk is no easymatter,letmetell 
you: 

While no official estimate is available, Bemthal 
speculated off the record that the cost will exceed $4 
million. 

The talking tree is currently in storage where it is 
mumbling swear words and asking for its mother. 
Bemthal said that the damaged tree will be shipped to 
UC Riverside next week. 

"I don't knowwhywe 're sendingitto UCR,ljustdon't 
really like them that much," she said. 

Ex-Monk .. Peter Tork To 
Speak on C.ampus Tonight 

Peter Tork, frontman for the legendary 1960s rock 

"FAT" CISCO DeVRIES, Garlic Farmer 

UCSD Captures First Place In 
National ProtestIngCompetition 

Students from UCSD took first place at the 18th 
Annual Tom Hayden Protestor Pro-Am in Los Angeles 
over the weekend. 

"Boy, UCSD students are great whiners, "said Hayden. 
"And I know a whiner when I see one : 

ERRATA 
In the March 29 issue of the Disreguardiall. it was 
mistakenly reported that students on an educational 
tour of Europe ate goat cheese whi le in France. The 
actual location of goat cheese consumption was North-
em [taly. The Disreguardiall regrets the error. 

In the March 20 issue of the Disreguardiall, we 
mistakenly referred to administrators as "shi ftless, 
self-serving bureaucrats who have bad breath and 
unkempthairwho would literally sell their mothers to 
Belgian terrorists if it meant more money for their 
greasy fingers." It turns out administrators have fine 
breath. The Disreguardian doesn' t much care. 

BEN "BLACKJACK" FREUND, Bookkeeper 
GORDON "N\NBERS~ HURD, The Hitman With A Heart 

ROGER "DA RAJ" KUO, Legitimate Businessman 
"FANCY" DAN McDOwnL, Sinatra's Pal 

steve Lawrence and Edle Gormene. Suzanne Somers. Herve V1llechalze 
THEMES IN HEMINGWAY: Death . Impotence. War. Kil ling. Women. More 
Impotence. Bull Rgnts . ParIs . DrInking. Spain. Old I Mention Impotence? 
I'IIOFESIIONAL WRESTI.StS: AIldre the Giant. Hulk Hogan. Randy "Macho 
Man' Sav • • "The Nature Soy' Ric Flair. Abdullah the Butcher, Cactus Jack. 
Kine KGn, Bundy. Bill JOM Studd. Captain LOU Albano 

The ~I$PIJIIIsr.cI br E-' In lIXIIIdit __ hl·s."....ad.,_ .......... 
M ite ~ ate AS. ~ ri INs new!CIIIIII II ." faIm Is. bid _ 00 l llld we·. 
1dII )Qj. WI nul .-.1IoaIt1Wl In Ite 1IIIIn. So 1eI9'f11'J1- CINII. C1II83. _,.., ...... ., 
... I!Ie _ ~ heIIIn ...... 1te dDdrtIeI rI .. "*C dlallld .. _., _)GI 
.... 1I'f1I'JI_"'*.Ite_fme~1hI_ . ... dIrI,Iet ... IIaeIer)QU - we·18 
jill ~ rI"IIIOII"'~. WI·" lnIId SCIIIIf br u.s. WI dDIIn n. ri tIIIIW. 011' Ine rI 
IxloIIoC Sfm!*InI TiIft. - .. )GI ~., do IIIool It. 1** ba(I 

PHIL "RATBOY" MICHAELS, Sleeps With The Ashes 
JEFF -THE GENT" NIESEL, Good With A Wrench 

"WCKY~ JASON RITCHIE, Pit Boss 
ARTIE "TIfE SCREW" ROOT, One Tough Customer 

DAMEN "THE FISH" SCRANTON, Cement Mixer 
"SWEET" LAMINE SEeKA, Tumed State's Evidence 

DAVID "YEU.A" SNOW, Our Boy In Sing Si/W 

ottteINAL ...... OF IUSI: Peter Criss. Paul Stanley. Ace Freely. Gene "The 
Demon- Simmons 
lAME TV IITCOMI: SIH1"5 the Shertrr. s-ny HI/I$ Suntz. Perfect Stnlngers. 
The Courtship of fck1le ·s 'ether. AIlythln, with Bob SllCet 

lOB "MOONDOG" DeANDREA, ContnJct Killer 
"THE LEGEND" MICIIAIL FOULKS, As Seen On TV 

MIKE -RItGO" MARTlNEZ, TIle F"tft/I Beatie 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Cusses Uke A Sailor DON BEN BOYCHUK, Simple Spice Merchant 

ERIC "RAZORS" SCHMIDT, Union Delegate GREGG "ACES" WRENN, Mr. Boychu/c's Tobacconist 
UI'I'IIWDTMOMINTS: Arlttlmewalldn&. nrstspeech. alOOOci&8'. nrst klss. 
mlfrille. burl-' under pile of lOose dirt 

EJu:uses: 5~N. eonf1tsslons: 534-Y1KE. Frttt.r HotJInot: 534-YUMM 
"MA" SHANNON aEDSOE, Mafia Princess 

"CRAZY" RENt BRUCKNER, Wise Guy 
MIGUB. "NO NOSE" BUCKENMEYER, Gangster Dude 

KAREN "CHA CHA" CHENG, Pride of Sicily 

IWIIIiiH IIIAMD: 1Ifom. Olaf. Sl8fan. Otto. Incmor. 5Yen. ABIlA 
va,......II:AaronIlulT. ManJnVanBuntn.RIcnIRlNbIon.NeIsonRoctc.efeller. 
W_Mon<Iete 
HACIII: Wlillem Sh_. EmHt BorJnIne. Bob Sleet. Liza Minelli. Robert Goulet. 

DIIIf8IllIIItdIan. 32.6 Avenue of the W ...... , 
"Scenic La Jolla, CA 92093-032.6 

_ ... ...... Io )oloe •• ·.~.:.",;",~=_h-_~ ... _ 

Thurs.-lay, pril L, J 9«)3 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Co-op Update-A.S. President Mike Holmes demanded that co-op members 
agree to mow the lawn in front of his house or he would reject the proposed co-
op Memorandum of Understanding ... Look, it·s a really small lawn and the grass 
is getting really long ... it's not much to ask, " he said. GSA representative Steve 
Dubb agreed that the grass at Holmes' house was · simply way too long" but 
questioned why the co-ops were the only party asked to cut it. "The adminis· 
tration should work with us on this, they always get off easy. It just isn't fair," 
he said. The motion was referred to the committee on the co-op negotiations 
for further deliberation. The motion to refer passed 15 to 2, with one 
abstention. 

UC Riverside-A.S. President Mike Holmes submitted a resolution banning all 
UC Riverside transfer students from attending classes at UCSD. "I just don't 
like Riverside, " he explained during deliberations. However, Fifth College 
senior Senator John Carpuders objected. "If we are going to ban Riverside 
students we might as well include Irvine as well," he said. The Riverside 
resolution passed 15 to 2, with one abstention. Council members agreed to 
examine the possibility of banning Irvine students at next week's meeting. 

Committee Issue-Vice President Administrative Randolph Siwabessy sub-
mitted a resolution to create three new committees to look into the increasing 
number of A.S. Council committees. "I just don't understand," he said. The 
resolution was referred to the committee on committees. The motion to refer 
passed 15 to 2 with one abstention. 

Weasels-Warren junior Senator Blaine MagUire submitted a proposal which 
would classify the A.S. Council as "a collection of sniveling weasels looking to 
satiate their mad lust for power." "I mean, let's not spl it hairs," said Maguire. 
The resolution passed unanimously. 

Questions-Third Sophomore Senator Thomas Block submitted a resolution 
concerning the order of questioning during council meetings. There was no 
debate because "Of a disagreement over the order in which members were 
allowed to speak. It was referred to the Committee on Council Questions by a 
vote of 15 to 2, with one abstention. 

DIs-Appointments : 
· Colin Wilson appointed as Member·at·Large to Committee on Relations with 
Students Caring for Traumatized Pets. 
·David Garden appointed to Select Committee on Monkeys. 

Allocations: 
• $3,000 to new publication, Waft/e, which promises to take no stand on any 
issue. "We feel we need to represent the views of the average UCSD student," 
said editor John Wurus. "Or maybe not.· 
• $1.95 to A.S. President Mike Holmes for a fritter and some coffee. 

-Compiled by Abe Vigoda, Really, Really Bored 

The Disreguardian NEW 3 

Reggae Festival Rocks Price Center 
By Ducky Simpson 
Siberian Salt Miner 

The atmosphere was spiced and 
lively at UCSD's annual Reggae 
Festival at Price Center Saturday. 

People and students gathered in 
their tie-dyed shins and pants with 
fanciful patterning, just a few at 
first, then more and more came as 
the bands began to play, until so 

FORTAS: Fifth 
takes neat name 
ContInued from page 1 
withdrew his nomination and re-
signed from the coun after it was 
discovered that he accepted a life-
time retainer ofS20,OOO a year from 
Las Vegas Casino tycoon and re-
puted racketeer Albert Parbin. 

"Abe was a victim of bad timing 
and bad circumstances," said one 
former Fonas clerk. "So he took 
money. It 's not like killed anybody. " 

According to Naming Commit-
tee Chair Sam Chase, Fortas' con-
troversial past was not considered 
in the selection process. The real 
reason, according to Chase, was the 
narne. " Well, its like, Fifth College 
has a certain ringto it,youknow? So 
we wanted a name with kind of a 
ring to it. Then there was that 
Marshall thing at Third. We thought 
that was prerty cool, 'naming the 
place after a j udge and all. So we 
thought, why don ' t we do that? And 
that's what we did." 

Chase said the committee wanted 
a name that sounded like ·'Fifth." 
but not really. ·'Forras .. . Fifth ... 

many students filled the bowl that 
they seemed to merge in a multicol-
ored throbbing layer. 

The band that played at fi rst, 
when j ust a few bleary-eyed rasta 
fans laced the grounds, was Mitey 
Mite. Then came People Power, and 
then Charlene's Sister, when the 
crowd was congested and the air 
was enveloped by seeds of promise. 

Each band said different things. 
Most of what they said was about 
love and getting along, and then 
stuff about pot. 

People Power guy said, " Don't 
drink alcohol, j ust smoke .. . " 

Everybody danced, except the 
people sitting out on the weeds be-
hind the barricade, incensed by the 
resonating tones of the reggae. 

Fonas ... Fifth . . . see, it kind of possibly Lincoln-appointee Stephen 
sounds the same," he explained. J. Field, might have been bener 

Political Science Professor Peter choices. 
Irons. who played an instrumental 
role in the Third College renaming, 
was baffled by the Fifth College 
decision. "My God, if they wanted a 
judge with an 'F' in his name, they 
could have at least picked one who 
actually did something." Irons sug-
gested that Felix Frankfurter, who 
served from 1939 until 1962, or 

Discount good all year c.: 
Electrolysis Treatments ~ 

(permanent hair removal) 
Using Disposable Needles 

9 yrs. experience 
California Registered Eleclrologist 

FREE Consultation 
Azita Amini 454-6044 
737 Pearl Street 

Suite #208·A 
La lolla. Ca A7\"~~ 92037 

Some other names under consid-
eration in recent years have included: 
Pangaea, World, International, Gaia, 
Ghandi, Woodrow Wilson, John F. 
Kennedy, William Fulbright and 
George Marshall. 

"So what if the guy [Fortas 1 was 
a schmuck. l'm j ust happy we actu-
ally have a name." Lyon said. 

r----

IF YOU CAN1 
AFFORD 10 TRAVEL, 

OIN THE CLUB. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I - r 
\.._-----
r ------- ----- - - --- - - - ----\ 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I
I Guaranteed ... $48 ~ /lostinches, and my jeans II 

European Body Wrap fit now. It"s definitely worth it/" 
I . Mindy. San Diego I Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 

Traveling doesn' t have to mean snobby hotels that cost $200 a nighl. With 
a Hostelling International card you can stay in Paris for just $16, New York for 
$t 9 or Tokyo for $23. Hostels even offer special discounts on everything from 
museum fees and ski tifts to air, rail and ferry tickets. Plus they have fully 
equipped do-it·yourself kitchens, which not only salle you money but also are 
great lor meeting fellow world travelers. 50 if you're looking for a less e pensive 
way to travel, join the club . . Call 619.338-9983 

HOSTEWNG INTERNATIONAL A 
The ntw Sdl of Ilpprowl of tilt I"t~,"a"on'" Youth Host~1 Ftdnallotf . 

or wri te to: 
American Youth Hostels 
335 West Beech Street 
San Diego, CA 92101 

HOSnLLlNG 
INTERNATIONAL· 

I GOLDEN TRIANGLE La J olla Pt. Lorna Hlllcr~'t I I PERFECT TAN 455-0952 224-9727 296·7004 I 
3251 Holiday Ct. Pacif ic ~~h Ml" lon Vall~y 5~te College I ~~~g~~~et from EI Torito 581.9060 542-{)391 697.8014 I 
~ ________ Somo~tri::~II'PtY.Offer".,.,d,"",~ ___ _ __ __ J . 

~ ColDe 1b Our·· 
Next MeetiDg 
lbSlgnUP! 

"InStructors WIll 
Be On Hand 'Ib 
ADswerYour 
Questions! 

~ Special Rates 
And Perks! 

.NeDM~ 
·lsAp .... 7~· 
Slllnner 
A1IdItorhun (at 
Scripps) At 
7:00P.M • 

~ ALL WELCOME! 

.CallTony@ 
535-8168 For 
More 
Information! 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edltortal Boan1 

BEN RAYCHUCK. Head Gibbon In Charge 
E.M. "CARP" SCHMIDT. Hair Editor 

GUMMO DEBRIEE. Distortions & Half-Truths Editor 
PHIWPUS MICHAELUS. Raychuk's Plebian Puppet Editor 

The Oi~u_ .. I. pu ___ weill bit ~ the jOumaIlam Dug. contents Cl993 mll)t>e. \IIewa ___ herein __ Joe _told us 10 wrol8 _ .. ho·,1rnpI.med IhoIa 
m __ In ua. It "'1 10 _._.111' .... "".', hI you MY. Joe? Okey •••• 

Fees, fees, fees. That's all we keep hearing about morning noon 
and night until we are forced to drive ice picks into out eardrums and 
pour cement down our bleeding ear canals to find the slightest sort 
of relief. Just about everybody who is capable of enunciating 
syllables and making simple tools seems to be sounding off on this 
most pressing issue - how education is becoming unaffordable or 
some similar gripe. Except for us. In truth, we couldn't care less. 

Certainly, the university is plagued with problems, four to be 
exact: administration, faculty, staff and students. We say, until all 
four of these leeches are cut off from the university and properly 
stomped into bloody tissue, the university will remain the totally 
crappy place it has become. 

Oh. how far the mighty have fallen. It used to be that you could 
walk around a college campus and see young couples necking, or 
perhaps stumble across the corpse of a dead squirrel, or run into a 
professor who maybe gave you a poor grade and push him into a 
hedge. Now there are no couples necking because the chance of 
acquiring some dreadful social disease has come to outweigh the 
advantages of a little harmless nooky. and even then the men have 
become so scared of women, and the women so contemptuous of 
men. that studying has become a preferred altemati ve to dating. This 
might make for better students, but this does not make good citizens. 

What's more. the lack of a sufficient supply of dead squirrels has 
resulted in a paucity of sophomoric pranks and a greater sense of 
hygiene among traditionally filthy students. The lack of·hedges on 
campus has made assau Its on the professoriate infeasible, and simpl y 
shoving a slightly debilitated old crone onto the concrete isconsidered 
declasse by even the most roguish of student thugs. 

The University of California is suffering its worst budget crisis in 
decades. The UC Regents need to get serious about raising revenues. 
Higher fees are one answer, however mundane. There may be a 
better way. Perhaps the geniuses at the Livermore Labs could "make 
an example" of one of the nine UC campuses with a full scale nuclear 
strike. The regents could collect the insurance money. They would 
probably get caught, however. 

Perhaps the regents could bear some of the burden themselves, or 
perhaps they are part of the problem and should be vaporized along 
with other infidels. Or perhaps every student in the state can join 
hands in solidarity al the stale capitol and sing Joan Baez songs. Or 
perhaps the university should start matriculating trained monkeys-
assuming the monkeys haven't been extended a more enticing offer 
elsewhere. Or perhaps the university should convert all of its 
property into student co-ops and bagel factories. Or, above all, 
perhaps students should quit school.join the circus and spend the rest 
of their days walking in the footsteps of creatures who could destroy 
them in a heartbeat. 

The Dme Has Come for a 
Ruling Elite to Take Charge 

AS. elections, A.S. elections, AS. elections. That's all we keep 
hearing about morning, noon and night until our ears begin to bleed 
at the mere mention ofthose most hateful words. Everybody who's 
anybody is all a-flutterover these confounded A.S. elections. Except 
for us. Personally, we couldn't care less. 

And pray tell, why should we care? Does it really matter if John 
Q. Weasel, Jane P. Hack or James T. Moron becomes the Commis-
sionerofCrappy Programmingorthe Vice President for Protesting? 
Why don't these poor, misguided saps save us all the trouble and 
spend this election doing important, collegiate things like drinking 
flne Irish whiskey and cruising forchicks?The problem is the typical 
A.S. chickenhead-eating geek is too dumb to know what's good for 
him or her. It 's time for the intelligentsia, namely us, to let them 
know what's what. 

AS. elections are not simply inane - they are the boring results 
of the clunky, inefficient democratic process at work. Maybe we 
don 't need any A.S. elections. Maybe what we do need is an elite 
ruling body composed of students who can tell a hawk from a 
handsaw. UCSD needs a benevolent dictatorship composed of the 
creme de la creme of the university social order. We need a leader 
who will leap up on a table screaming, "Cry havoc and let slip the 
dogs of war." While this may be chaotic, it most certainly is not 
boring. 

So when those sniveling AS. candidates come to prostrate them-
, selves at your feet, simply do what we do-walk away from that rabble 

and cast your lot with the ruling elite. Cast your lot with us. 

The DisreguarWlln Thursday, April 1, 1993 

~ .. 

PINION 

CHOKING ON THE BEEF BRISKETS 
OF puppy DOG IDEALISTS 

. COMMENTARY: Whether you Ire one of the few intelligent souls or just another 
naIve idealist, one universal nuth remains clear - H.L. Mencken is smarter than you 

BEN 

\ 
I 

.IIK 

As the great H.L. Mencken once 
observed, "Living with a dog is 
messy -like living with an ideal-
ist." When one considers 
Mencken 's sagacity in light of our 
day to day tribulations at UC San 
Diego, it should be clear that the 
old man was not just whistling 
Dixie. Indeed, the idealism of the 
modem day col\egeslUdent is much 
like the enthusiasm of a puppy. To 
be sure, the puppy's antics are cute 
at fIrst, just as the idealist may be 
cuddly anddoe~yed. 
But in no time. the 

puppy becomes a snarling, wonn-infested 
old cur. And like a puppy lacking in house-
training, an idealist is wont to leave large 
piles of excrement lying around the living 
room, just waiting for you to tread on the 
mess with your brand-new ReeOOks. 

so do I. I abhor YOII. There. I said it. 
Not that] have an out-of-control ego, as my leftist 

opponents will bellyache. I am nothing if not tolerant of 
the idiocy that surrounds me. But if there is one thing I 
cannot stand it is the stench of lies. And indeed,the lies of 
idealists and similar dullards assault the nostrils like a bad 
beef brisket. Yet these self-same cads who dwell in a 
fantastic world of fallacy and delusion expect me to 
gobble away at their deceitful briskel, as if the meat were 
delicious to taste ralher than the rancid pack of lies it truly 
is. Such mendacious galloping gounnets deserve my 
scorn, and if that makes me an egomaniac, then so be it. 
I have neither the time nor the energy to appease the 

booOOisie. 
It's like Mencken said - "Love is the 

delusion that one woman differs from an-
other,'· ] have no idea what this means or 
even if it applies to what I'm saying here. 
but thai shouldn't matter. The point is that 
Mencken said it. and I quoted him, so that 
should be good enough for you. 

]t is no wonder that I find the company 
of idealists and their ilk to be contemptible. 
Indeed, it should be little wonder that I find 
the company of most carbon-based life 
fonns to be bothersome. After all, Mencken 
hit the bullseye when he wrote that "Moral-
ity is the theory that every human act must 
be either right or wrong, and that 99 percent 
of them are wrong." Mencken was no 
slouch, that is to be sure. 

hideed, the I .. of 
Ideal ..... 
1ImI_ dullards 

Too many times. the self-appointed 
high priests of the university elite dash 
about with reckless abandon, casting their 
favor upon tripe in the same manner a lady 
of ill repute would carelessly cast her af-
fections. And if they can go around doing 
this. then I'm going to as well. dammit. 
They're not the only orangutans who can 
swing through the zoo cage. Herb Schiller 
and his merry band of hegemones can 
traipse about campus cering forth their 
non\sensical ideology all they want, but 
you can bet the chicken ranch that others 
have that right as well. And that includes 
misanthropic, embittered young punks like 
myself. 

We find ourselves dwelling in an arid 
landscape where the puppy-like idealists 
and other such fools parade about as if they 
were a finely-trained precision marching 
squad. Indeed, a quick glance at any recent 
protest march will reveal an endless fonna-
tion of chimpanzees ga'dding about in their 
Birkenstocks and bad hair dos. "Look at 

..... ltthe .. 
trtls Ike. bad 
beef bltlket. yet 
theM ....... 
cads who dwell In 
a fantastic world 
of fallacy and 
delu""expect 
metogollble 
away at their 
deceitful bltskat. How I wish that Mencken were around 

me! Look at me!" they seem to shout in ear-splitting tones 
that would burst the ear drums of a stronger, wiser man. 
''I'm in with the in-crowd, baby," these donkeys bellow, 
like braying jackasses yearning for another batch of hay. 
But I don 'I buy a word ofit - I'm much too smart for that. 
But students aren '\. Students wouldn't know good adv ice 
if it walked up and bit them on the ass. Mencken is lost on 
the great unwashed such as them. 

today. What adventures we would have 
together. We would waLk among the rabble, poking at 
their shabby roclies and having a good laugh at their 
expense. "Immorality is the morality of those who are 
having a better time," Mencken would say. "Right you 
are, Mencken:'] would reply. "You sure did hit the nail 
on the head with that one." 

But this can never be. As Mencken once remarked in 
a Baltimore watering hole. "Pass the schnapps, sweet-
heart." Like all the other chimps, I am fated toend my days 
in the same hazy stupor. 

But still the words of Mencken ring true in these dark 
times. "Nature abhors a moron," he notes, and to that end, 

5 CLASSIFIEDS The Disreguardian Thursday, Aprill. 1992 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students and $3 for 12 words per 15 students. Staff is eligible for classifieds 
scholarships or $54 per cubic pound of text, weighed on a National Bureau of 
Standards scale with only the finest of wafer thin pieces of meat. If you have a 
problem, don't take it out on us, because we just work here. After all, would you 
like typing and reading these damnable things? Then quit yer bitching. 

FOR SALE 
1974 Ford Pinto. Hardly ever 
combusts. Good mileage. 534-
4160. (4/1) 

Fritters. Really good fritters. 
With apples and stuff. They taste 
good with coffee. Call Ray or 
Oleg at 555-4532 [4/1) 

Tired of sleeping elevated a full 
three feet above Mother Earth? 
Rest easier on a futon, closer to 
Gaia, and get in touch with your 
natural roots. Futons for the 
Future, UTC. (4/1) 

SERVICES 
1·Ll. TYPEYOURTERMPAPERS, 
GO TO YOUR CLASSES, 00 
YOUR HOMEWORK, EATYOUR 
FOOD, DRIVE YOUR CAR, and 
SLEEP WITH YOUR GIRL-
FRIEND all for just $9.95 a day. 
Call Cletus at555-0126, especially 
for the girlfriend part. (411) 

"

"1' PlI:I :f ········· ·· ········· ·· ···· ·········· ············ ............................... . 
_ilL:':':' :':':' :':' :':':' :':':':':':':':':':': ':':':':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :.: 

:::. :i ::·: ;: 00j~~partm~I~~:: 
««««««««« .... :::: )~~~~~»>: 
. . . . . . .. . . . . . . ..... . . . . . .. .. ... . .. . . ...... .. . . 

.. ...... . ... . . . 1.1~II<> ~iil~~ :: ::::::::::.:.:.:: ... ::.:.:::::.:.: .. :: ...... ::.::... .. ::p.: ....... ~ ..... ::: :. :: ... ::.:::.:.::::::::::::: 
: ::::::: :::: :::: ::: : : ::::::: : : : ::: : ::: : : ::: ::::::.:.:.:··#""':"i':',·;u ·.::.::.:::::: Cq~f:~e::CQ(je::: l1:~93(} ::::::::: 
:::::::::::: ::::::::: ::: :::-:-:::::::::::: :::<::.: : j'ci, :m;i:1: ········::: :::::::::::::::::: :::::::::::::::::::, . , , . 

.. . . ..... , .. - .......... . 

· . . ... . . ... . . ... . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
· . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. . ... . .. ...... . 

.... itZ ············ · ··· ·· ······ ·········· 
_., lIIy.::/: ·[ ···. ·.([·::: 

· .. ... . .. . .. . ..... ... . 
· ........ . ... .. . . .... . 
· .......... ... ....... . 
· .... ............ ... . 
· .. .... . . . ............ . 
· ................... . 
· . .... ...... . . . ..... . 
· ...... , , ... , , ..... . 
· ...... , , . , ......... . 
· ..... , ............ . 
· ..... . , ..... , ...... . 

... ..... . .... . 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

. FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUVr~~lt~~f~ttLE 
Ina/rance. Hell"" Plans 

MedI-CaI Aa:eoted 
Vila. M .... r card. Discover 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy. 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 Ll Al,HTwdd 

(714) 364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St 
(714) 851 · 1201 

fii/i7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES M~DICAL GROUP 

Looking for a summer opportu-
nity, extra cash, added self-es-
teem? Then Iron Mike Sharpe's 
School of Wrestling is for you. 
Learn alongside the masters-
J,ohnny K-9, ·Playboy· Buddy 
Rogers and Brutus Beefcake. 
Steriod-use is preferred, but not 
necessary. Join today I [4/1) 

WANTED 
A woman, any age, any height, 
any weight, looks not impor-
tant. What is important is that 
she's kind and caring and makes 
a mean applesauce and won't 
laugh at me when I cry during 
·Old Yeller" and most impor-
tantly won't throw up at the sight 
of me. Call Fredo, 555-8120. 
(4/1 ) 

Conga player for heavy metaVin· 
dustrial band. Influences: Mel 
Torme, David Sanborn, Peter 
Frampton, The Jefferson Airplane, 
The Jackson FIVe, I Marry Mary. 
Call 534-3362 for info. (411) 

A musK:ian interested in pi1irg the 
most txJtt-kid<i1g, ~itar~, 
eardrum-bursting, Satan-worshP-
ping heavy metal band at UCSO. 
M.Ist play pia:oIo and sitar. (411) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Earn up to $15,000 in one sum-
mer. No startupc:ost, no hassle, no 
worries!! Clean fish guts in Alaska 
with the pros, 70-hourwor1<weeks. 
Call 555-1510, ALASKA EM-
PLOYMENT. (411) 

PERSONALS 
The Tri-Delts want to thank 
Sigma Nu for the wicked game 
of Naked Twister last Thurs. 
Sorry about the rug burns! (4/1) 

You. Wllhthehair.lseeyou in lecture 
everyday. Then I drool. I drool on my 
aqua sweatshirt and become 
ashamed. Let me drool on you so I 
may keep my shirt clean. Let us 
salivate together and everything wil 
beg:lOd.-YourPlmofbve.(411) 

COMING TO SAN DIEGO FOR ONE DAY ONLY: 

L T.D. SHOW BIZ SEMI'IAIlS 
1he seminor that COVtm fM!AY osped of ~ 

the Entertainment Business . .. 
Featuring .... , .. re .. e, 

Formerly President of Tepper-Go/Iego5 Costing. 
Also appearing a Top HoIIo,"WOOd Talent Agent. 

Saturday April 17 1993 all+1e Handlery Hotelm San Diego 
For Rp'>PfVOhOrl, coli 800·546·9020 Me ' V,,>O ur"l ltcd ~nrollmprt 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 

----------------------------

TAKING THE 

GMAT? 
LSAT? 
GRE? 

TEST PREPARATION 
ARE YOU GOING TO BE PREPARED? 
Courses for all three June exams begin in April: 

[ GRE 4114 I [ LSAT 4/19 , [ GMAT 4/2. , 
Compare PTP to other test preparation courses: 
• unlimited one- on-one tutormg • best price 
• only 12 students per class • no hidden fees 
• up to date matenals • no audiotapes 

Call PTP for more information or to reserve your seat. 
Classes are closing fast so call today! 

(61 9) 464-2627 



6 NEWS 

IFe: Meeting of 
fraternities ends in 
chaos,ennbannssnnent 
ContInued from Pee 0 
but it's not the itching I mind as 
much as the swelling," Wilson said 
afterward. 

IFe Advisor Paul De Wine de-
clined comment on the incident, 
saying only, 'These things happen, 
and besides, I'm sure the stains will 
come out." 

But Meschoulam was still angl)' 
after the meeting. "It was disgust-
ing, hurtful and thoroughly imma-
ture. I'll never be able to look at 
cranberries again without feeling 
ickened," he said 

Ellie MacDougal of People for 
the Ethical Treatment of Animals 
(PET A) said the organization plans 
to petition for an investigation by 
the San Diego District Attomey's 
Office. 

L isl 0' Fools 
Darrel Menthe 
Herb Schiller 
Joe Watson 

Tommy Tucker 
Leon Meschoulam 

Jason Snell 
Kirt Wilson 
Phillip Cole 

Mike Holmes 
Randolph Siwabessy 

Matt Mayo' 
Joanna Beam 
Lottie Cohen 
Patrick Carroll 

Johnarhan Asch 
Gary Geiler 

Rich Toscano 
Paul DeWine 

Matt Schnurer 
Steve Dubb 

Darlene Price 
Ely Rabani 
SharonOh 

Chris Burnett 
Jeff Debenham 

Bree Segal 
Robin "Mr. Tact" Perez 

Mark Rotenberg 
James E. Collier Jr., III, esq. 

Matthew S. Robinson 
Peter Irons 

Robert Glenn 
and 

All Other Future Wards of 
The State 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. Includes new 
spark plup, set timlmg, .cope 
.n&lne, under hood check. 
Vans , a. PIUl el"Cines, pl8lttlUm plUiI e1l:118. 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C & D Auto Care 
Mon.·FrI. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. S-S 

6660 Miramar Rd., lulte C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San 018,0, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

• most ears 

The Di reguardian 

Announces: 
COLLEGE MONEY AVAILABLEIII 
STUDENTS, if you are presently attending college or you 
plan to with in a yeqr, let SMARTSTEPS locate your needed 
funds . 
SMARTSTEPS utilizes a vast database of UNUSED 
GRANTS, SCHOLARSHIPS, and other fund ing sources 
nationwide which matches your personal profile with 
them for a nominal processing fee of $99 (credit cards OK), 
You will receive a U.S. Government Bond in an amount 
greater than your processing fee in the unlikely event 
that you do not obtain fund ing. 
ACT NOW! Do not hesitate to apply because of your 
academic record, parents ' financial status, or any other 
reason. Mail a card to: 
SMARTSTEPS,. 4130 La Jolla Village Dr. #10761, La Jolla 
CA 92037, to receive a free brochure and application kit. 

FAX: (619)558-STEP 

LIFE AFTER UCSD 
Find out the many directions you can go 

with your B.A. degree. 
Straight talk from people who know·· UCSD Alumni. 

"getting that first job with your SA degree 
"marketing existing skills 
"how to develop contacts 
"the value of internships 
"question and answer session 

sponsored by the UCSD Alumri Associlltion and rhe 
Departmenr of SocioIOfl'I 

Thursday, April 1, 1993 

fo~rly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

NCAA 
FINAL FOUR 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 

Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDA YS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. , LA JOLLA 

call 1414 6220 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR SPRING 93 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY APRIL 9 3 PM 

DERGRADUATE 
CHOLASTIC 

RANTS 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLEY OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! 

452·0524 between 
Blockbuster 

and 
Anthony's 

4130 La Jolla Village Drive-formerly Penguin's 
r----~T-----'-----, 
I Koala's I Butterfinger I FREE I 
I Glace I Flurry I Topping II 
I I or $ I. I 49" I any 125 I wIth purchase I I .. I other . I of an¥ small I 
I Just 10 calories I flavor RIg. SIU I medIum, or I 
I per ounce! I you choose I large I 
I Not valid wi th any other I Not valid with .ny omfr I Not Vollid WIth l.I\y other I 011.,. One pcr penon. offer. On< per penon. offer. On, per person." 

r.p.4/JO/93 I EXP.4/ :xJ/93 .J up.4/:xJ/93 

----_ .. ----- -----

Thursday, Aprill, J993 The UCSD Guardian 

RETAIL CAREERS 

Advance Into Managementl 
t:In:aIt t:IIJ ...., tJc:. ,. .",. ..... ' • ...".., Spec"", ".,.,. 

III ",.."" ".",. ee..r... EIfIt:IJwIIa MIl .... App/"III:IJS 
."" 2l1li ...... ....",. MIl IlrIIrMInf antlllflW $3 BllIlIII'n Salllsl 

We Provide: WC"I C Looking FOI: 

• Structured Uanagement Development Programs 
with a prov.n record 01 .uccess. 

• Indlvidullly·tailored Developmenl Plan. to maxlmlz. 
your manag.m.nt potential . 

• Div.,.e Car.er Paths which provide continuing 
profeilional challenge •. 

• Competitive salary, h,,'th & dental ben.litl and 
a challenging workplace. 

• Opportunities Ihroughoulthe United Stales, 

HE THOUGHT 
IT WAS JUST A CRUSH. 

HE WAS DEAD WRONG. 

• Peopl •• xcited by the fasl pac. 01 retailing, 
who will work the neceSlary nights and weekends. 

• Creative candidates with logicat and analytical 
problem'lolving .kilil. 

• Cuslomer·ori.nt.d individuals capable of teaching 
and motivating our associates 10 provide 
high 1 ••• 11 01 cUltomer .. r.ic • . 

• Compalitive Individuals, eager to Itrive for 
promotional opportunities and financial rewards. 

• Bright, energetic, enthusiastic & self· motivated 
team playe". 

We .., .. lJIMtNirt"" c.""". 
April 23, ,. - "", Up T_, 

", ". ". .... t c.t.1 
If r"" c-t ,., "" "" SdINMre. 

",...C..U.I 

n:rTB;·.~m7 
_ ...,.,..,."., c.. , ", '".,,,, 

AM",," .... # rlSX-SXSC 
Management Trainee 

c.. """,: 
Saturday & Sunday: Bam · 2pm 

Monday • Friday: 7am· Spm 
CiaACIy .... .... __ '....- ......... 

""' .... -~....,.. .. -~ _ .. _20_ 

JAMES G. ROBINSON liliii1i 1 MORGAN CREEK __ 
'THE CRUSH' CARY ELWES ALICIA SILVERSTONE JENNIFER RUBIN KURTWOOD SMITH ~GRAEME REVELL flllII lAN CRAFFORD 

I · '=:BRUCE SURTEES = MICHAEL BOLTON =GARY BARBER -:JAMES G, ROBINSON ~ • ='~ALAN SHAPIRO "".1i!IIIl' . __ -=-.= . , .. -.pw ......... 
OPE N S APR I L 2 

A}'7 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SYRACUSE 
~ 

ABROAD 

~ 
APPLICATIONS ARE STILL BEING 
ACCEPTED FOR. .. 

AFRICA • AUSTRALIA • CZECH REPUBLIC. 
ENGLAND • FRANCE • GERMANY • HUNGARY. 

ISRAEL. ITALY. POLAND • SPAIN 

• Courses Taught in English and Host Country 
Language 

• SU Credit 
• Field Trips/Traveling Seminars 
• Internships 
• Study For A Semester, A Year, Or A Summer 
• Home Or Apartment Placements 

FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE 

Syracuse University 
Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, NY 13244-4170 

1-800-235-3472 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Do you playa 
wind 
or 
percu~~ion 
i~trurnent? 

It meets; TI-urs;days; 
7 -{a p.tn. in Room 
B-202 Mandeville 
'------~or more info call 534-7921 ____ ...J 

English 
Buddhist 
Class at a 
Traditional 
Chinese 
Temple 
After Buddha entered 
Nilvana more than 2,500 
years ago, he left all of his 
teachings to his disciples. 
In His teachings, Buddha offered humankind an understanding into 
the nature and the purpose of human suffering and ways to to 
alleviate it once and for aiL The Hse Fang Int'I Zen Buddhist 
Temple. one of over 100 worldWide, is famous for its preservation 
of the original spirit of Buddha's profound wisdom. 

This course will explore many topics relating to the fundamental 
teachings of the Buddha . All levels of students are welcome. 

• The Four Noble T~uths of Human Life 
• How to practice Buddhism by correctly interpreting the 

teachings 
• Learn the real meaning and purpose of Zen as taught in 

traditional Chinese Buddhist Culture 
• Practices such as chanting and meditation 
• The true meaning of compassion-transforming the selfish 
ego to universal affection 

• The secret to redUCing personal and interpersonal conflicts 
• How to get out of your way and let your life be satisfying 
and joyful 

• Bring out your hidden wisdom and original Buddha mind 

Every Sunday 1:3°_ 3:00 pm 
Hal Fanllntemational Zen Buddhist Tenpe 

4536 Park Blvd . .. 298-2800 



8 SPORTS 

ART 

ROTE 
Kurt Bevacqua 
Is Alive and Well 

The beginning of the baseball season 
isjusta scant few days away, and already, 
my lips are quivering in joyous anticipa-
tion. Who knows what fantastic finish 
and stellar performances will etch them-
selves forever in our minds during the 
1993 eason? Because just like Rod 
Carew's cintillating .388 batting aver-
age in 1977 orBilly Ray Smith's inspired 
pass rushing forthe mid-'80s San Diego 
Chargers, memorie live in the mind of 
the true port fan forever. 

After all, who wouldn't remember the 
Steve Bartkowski-led Atlanta Falcons of 
1980 or the zip Dan Pastorini used to put 
on the baJl during his days with Houston 
Oilers? A port fan who doesn't treasure 
these memories is as siUy as Broderick 
Perkin leading the league in batting av-
erage, as he did in 198 I. 

Without the memories that I hold dear, 
my interest in sport would be as short-
lived as Kurt Bevacqua's broadcasting 
career with NBC. But just like the mighty 
Bevacqua whose mighty bat gave the 
hometown Padres a glimmer of hope 
during the 1984 Fall Classic, my memo-
ries are the logs that feed the fire of my 
fanaticism. 

I have memories, more than can be 
counted probably. I remember Mark 'The 
Bird" Fidrych taking the mound at the 

The Disreguardian 

UCSD Baskelball Program 
Placed On NCAA Probation 

IlASKEJRAII • A couple 
of innocent Twinkies land 
the Tritons in hot water 
By Jerry Tarkanlan 
Model Citizen 

The news hit the UCSD athletic 
department like an atomic bla t yes-
terday - the UCSD basketball 
team, a highly-respected Divi ion 
ill squad, wa found in violation of 
National Collegiate Athletic Asso-
ciation (NCAA) rules. The Tritons 
were immediately placed on two-
year probation, according to Ed 
Foley, rules chairman of the NCAA. 

UCSD finds it elf in hot water 
with the NCAA for allegedly pay-
ing its players. According to Coach 
Tom Marshall , the charges tern 
from an unfortunate mi under tand-
ing. 

"We were practicing one day, 
and Chri Moore got really hungry. 
So he borrowed a couple of dollars 
from me to go buy some Twinkies," 
Marshall said. 

According to Foley, it doesn't 
matter how minorthe violation was, 
"It only matters that the rule was 
broken. We will not tolerate skull-
duggery of any sort," Foley added. 

Triton star Chris Moore was undone by his lust for snack food. 
The penalty the NCAA has lev- ituation. 

ied against the basketball team is a "Get away from me! I'm wam-
fierce one. Besides the stigma of ing you. I'm not above killing, you 
being placed on probation, UCSD know. Go on, get!" Moore said, a 
will 10 e it athletic scholar hip he brandished a Twinkie. 
and will be barred from appearing According to Marshall, the 
on television for a year. worst part about being placed on 

When informed that UCSD probation wi ll be the frequent 
doesn 't offer cholarship or play games UCSD must now play 
on television, Foley responded, against UC Riverside. 
"Oh, well. Urn. Never mind then." "I'm sorry, but Ijust don't like 

Moore, the Triton star this past Riverside," Marshall said. 
year, refu ed to comment on the See TWINKlE, Page 10 

tart of the 1976 All-Star Game (as if any 
man, woman or child doesn 't remember 
that Mid ummer Classic!). I vividly re-
call Dan Issei snagging rebounds with the 
Denver Nuggets of the ABA. As a matter 
of fact, I remember a Bucky Dent single I ro~ft fieW~amean~g~ssgameag~n~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
the Texa Rangers in 1979. And frankly 
this scare me si lly. 

My mind is so crammed with mean-
ingless sports trivia that any real knowl-
edge or wi dom ha long since been for-
gotten. Who cou ldn 't forget Larry 
McClutcheon 's touchdown pa s in Super 
Bowl XIV? Well, I certainly can't, and 
believe me, I've tried. But every time, I 
shutmyeyes, there 's Larry McClutcheon 
throwing that damned touchdown pass. 

I find it more and more difficult to 
function in the real world - the lines 
between fantasy and reality have become 
increa ingly blurred. For in tance, my 
friend will be talking about democratic 
reform in Rus ia, and I'll begin uncon-
trollably pouting off the batting aver-
ages for the expan ion 1969 Seattle Pi-
lots. When I'm on a date with my girl-
friend, I have to resi t the temptation to 
tell her about Game Four of the 1988 
American League Champion hip Serie , 
where the A' completed a four game 
sweep of the Red Sox with a convincing 
hutout. A I remember, Dennis Eckersley 

was brought in to finish the game, and 
he .... 

Damn. I'm doing it again. 
Don't you see? I want to be normal 

again. I'm reaching out to you for help, in 
the same way that Sonny Liston reached 
out for help after he was knocked down 
by Cassius Clay in their second encounter 
for the heavyweight championship. I'm 
reaching out exactly like that. Oh God, I 
just want the suffering to stop .... 

Bowling Is on a Turkey Hunt 
BOWLING: The Triton pinsmen enter the '93 campaign with high hopes, rented shoes 
By Earl Anthony 
The Pride of Dublin 

With the opening frame of the 
season just a few day away, the 
UCSD bowling team finds itself 

daring to 
dream of a 
championship 
eason. Forthe 

first time in the 
program's sto-
ried history, 
the Triton 
pinsmen find 
them elves 
ranked as the 
number-two 
team in the 
country. 

Head Coach Bob "Spare King" 
DuMont has been putting his vet-
eran squad through a rigorous pring 
training in hopes of snagging a 
hotly-contested NCAA champion-
ship banner in bowling. 

Right now, the Tritons are con-
ducting their notorious two-a-day 
practice , where the pinsmen bowl 
two games in the morning and two 
games at night. But you won 't find 
the plucky Triton squad complain-
ing. 

"I love bowling," said senior 
Team Captain Ralph Barbieari. "I 
would bowl all day if I could." 

Barbieari, along with fellow se-
nior Chuck Delvechio, figure to 
lead the Tritons in the '93 cam-
paign. According to DuMont, these 
two wily veterans are viable All-
American candidate. 

"I've never seen a man pick Lip 
the seven-ten split the way 
Delvechio does," claims DuMont. 

"And Barbieari, well everyone 
knows that he plays this game like 
a Zen master," the coach added. 

DuMont is equally pleased with 
the young guns on his quad, mo t 
notably freshman phenom Bruno 
Fiske. Fiske, a five-foot six-inch, 
270-pound bowler out of Torrey 
Pines High School, will have an 
immediate impact on the Triton 
squad. 

"He's a natural athlete," aid 
DuMont. "And you should see that 
boy pick up them turkeys!" 

Although gutter balls may be 
few and far between for the Tritons 
this year, the pin men wi\1 cer-
tainly get no help from the sched-
ule-makers. The Tritons will play 
one of the toughest schedules in the 

country, including their home 
opener again t Valparaiso Univer-
sity at the Miramar Bowl-a-rama. 

"Valparaiso is a Lutheran school 
in Indiana. And anyone who' ever 
been around Lutheran knows that 
if there' one thing they do well, 
it 's bowl," said DuMont. 

"Well, that and make smoked 
cheese ," he added. 

But if the Tritons can overcome 
the difficult schedule, they could 
finally be hoisting a championship 
banner in the Triton gym. The 
memories of last year's second-
place finish in the NCAA touma-
mentstill haunts these tournaments. 

"We had it won, the champion-
hip was aJl ours," recalls Barbieari. 

"And then we realized we forgotto 
leave a deposit for our bowling 
shoes. That threw off our whole 
rhythm. And drinking all that beer 
before the tenth frame probably 
didn 't help either." 

This year, however, the Tritons 
plan to be sipping champagne when 
the tenth frame rolls around. And if 
Bob DuMont has his way, bowling 
will remain the unquestioned jewel 
in the UCSD athletic department 's 
crown. 

111e Week Ahead 

Thursday, April 1, 1993 

Tritons Topple 
Hapless Padres 
BASfBAII • Mediocre 
major leaguers no match 
for tiel)' UCSD squad 
By Ray Kroc 
Tossing In His Grave 

It was supposed to be another 
spring training game for the San Di-
ego Padres, but the Tritons were too 
tough to give this sorry collection of 
ballplayers any rest. By the time the 
carnage was over, UCSD had crushed 
this glorified version of the Las Ve-
gas Stars by a final score of 17-1. 

Catcher Dominic Dirksen led the 
offen ive onslaught with a home run 
off over-the-hill lefty Bruce Hurst. 

The Scoreboard 
UCSD 17 

SAN DIEGO PADRES 1 

When Dirksen doubled off of Hurst 
an inning later, the dejected Padre 
hurler could be seen wiping away a 
manly tear. 

Padre right-fielder Tony Gwynn 
was 0 upset by the loss, he hid in his 
locker for an hour after the game. 

"I have no pity for those whiny, 
little bastards," chuckled Triton skip-
per Lyle Yate . 

See SLAUGHTER, Page 17 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
WOMEN'S CHESS: The 

patented Knight to King Four 
maneuver spells victory for 

the Tritons. Page 43 

MEN'S CABER TOSS: The 
squad fared poorly on the road 

again t Glasgow College. 
Page 9 

MEN'S DROWNING: In an 
impressive season finale six 
Tritons managed to drown. 

PageS 

The Headline Matchup: Women's Skeetshooting YS. San Diego State, Friday at 5 p.m., Muir Reid. 
Other Games: Men's Figure Skating vs. Soviet National Team, at UTC, Monday. Women 's Mud Wrestling vs. BYU, at Les Girls, Saturday at 8 p.m. and again at 10 p.m. 


