
Elsewhere 
UCSB'. Porn CIaa 
Draws CrttIcUm 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
UCSB professor's course on 
pornographic film has drawn 
attention and criticism from the 
Santa Barbara community. 
Associate Professor Constance 
Penly said that 2although she 
said she was prepared for 
resistance when she decided to 
teach the Film Studies 150 
class, she was surprised by 
those who did not understand 
the course's instructional intent. 
Anti-pornography activists 
claim their goal is to "stop the 
spread of hard-core pornogra-
phy," and notto censor 
academia. A student who took 
the class said the it was a 
serious course that gave her 
insight into sexism and 
objectification of women. The 
course will not be offered again 
until 1995. 

DavIs ca.ncealor to 
AssIst uc President 
OAKLAND - UC President 
Jack Peltason announced that 
UC Davis Chancel10r 
Theodore Hullar has agreed to 
work directly with the presi-
dent to develop the university's 
economic development 
strategic initiative, a plan to 
improve the university's 
management. HuIJar will 
remain chancellor at UC Davis. 
UCLA President Charles 
Young has already accepted a 
similar assignment. 

Sacramento State Hit 
Hard by Budget Axe 
SACRAMENTO - Budget 
cuts may lead to a lowered 
enrollment "benchmark" at 
Sacramento State University. 
The benchmark, which sets the 
minimum enrollment level the 
campus must maintain to 
receive state funding, may drop 
to 16,800 for the 1993-94 
academic year. Sacramento 
State's current enrollment is 
18, 106 full-time students. The 
cut in enrollment is planned to 
offset a 7.5 percent cut in next 
year's state funding. 

Inside 

WHACK! 
HIATUS: Indian troupe uses 
dance, music and martial arts 
in upcoming perfonnance: H1 

SPORTS: Spring training 
interviews with Dusty Baker 
and Barry Bonds. 14 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ...... .... .. .... ........ 2 
OPINION .. ........ .. ................. . 4 
A.S. MEETING OTES ............ 8 
HIATU ............................. Hl 
CLA lFlED .............. .. ...... 12 

PORT ............ .... .............. 16 

, H E u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 8,1993 

ONE PERSON, ONE VOTE 

A lone student, MuIr Sophomore Stacie Nakamoto, casts her vote In the Associated 
Students SprIng Election yesterday. Today Is the last day for students to vote. 

Women Angered by Decision to 
Stop Stocking Feminine Supplies 
CAMPUS: Administration claims 
it will save $50,()()() by leaving 
campus bathroom dispensers empty 
By Karen Spiegel 
Staff Writer 

The decision by campus administrators to 
stop stocking feminine sanitary supplies in pub-
lic restrooms has women crying foul. 

Senior Superintendent ofPhysicaJ Plant Ser-
vices (PPS) John Stevenson said the decision 
stems from the ongoing budget crisis. Stevenson 
explained that because all PPS funding comes 
directly from the state, the department has been 
forced to curb costs to keep pace with budget 
cuts. 

"Sanitary product dispensers were [originally] 
installed on campus because there was no other 
place to purchase feminine supplies, other than 
the old bookstore," said Stevenson. 

He added that with the additions of the Revelle 
Sundry Store, the Price Center vendors, the Stu-
dent Health Center and the co-ops, the vending 
machines no longer serve as important a role as 
they once did. 

But Graduate Student Association (GSA) rep-

resentative Carol Christopher sees it differently. 
"[Buying supplies at campus stores] is not an 
option for us. Our periods are not as predictable 
as alarm clocks. 

"With 10 minutes between classes, stopping 
to go to the restroom will make you late, let alone 
having to find a store selling tampons when 
you're having a problem," Christopher added. 
"[Stevenson] has not thought through this prob-
lem with any degree of sensitivity." 

Stevenson, however, cited the $50,000 cost 
of stocking the dispensers as prohibitive when 
PPS has already cut its staff from 120 to 100. 

"For the last two years we have attempted to 
solicit private vendors to take over, but we could 
not find anyone who wanted to do it," he said, 
speculating that prospective vendors were de-
terred by the small profit involved. 

Stevenson approached Housing and Dining 
Services about taking over the job, but Mark 
Cunningham, an administrative analyst forHous-
ing Services, said that a resident dean would 
have to introduce the issue before they would 
search for an outside vendor. 

Stevenson also explained that PPS is not just 
See SUPPLIES, Page 7 

c 5 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 4 

Candidates 
Qeared of 
Violations 
ELEC11ON: 'Student Action 
Now' found not guilty of using 
A.S. offices for campaign worlc 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

The eight candidates running on the "Stu-
dent Action Now" slate were cleared ofcharges 
alleging that they illegally used Associated 
Students offices for campaign work in the AS. 
Elections Committee hearing held Monday. 

At the hearing, the committee found presi-
dential candidate Randolph Siwabessy, Vice 
President Administrative candidate Carla 
Tesak, Vice President Finance candidate Neena 
Malik, Vice President External candidate Nick 
Endres, Commissioner of Operations, Services 
and Enterprise candidate Greg Bakken, Com-
missioner of Academic Affairs candidate John 
Barnes, Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
candidate Matthew Winter and Commissioner 
of Communications candidate Bik-Na Park 
not guilty of violating an A.S. election bylaw. 

The Elections Committee unanimously 
voted "not guilty" in favor of the eight candi-
dates. 

The charges were brought against them last 
Friday by AS. Director of Public Relations 
Matt Mayo and Warren Sophomore Senator 
Jennie Craig. Mayo subsequently withdrew his 
complaint. 

The AS. election bylaw that Student Ac-
tion Now had allegedly violated prohibits any 
AS. or Price Center facilities from being used 
for election campaigns, specifically for cam-
paign "advocation." 

The Elections Committee decided that the 
use of a computer in theAS. offices by Student 
Action Now candidates was not part of a cam-
paign proposal, and therefore, they were not 
advocating anything. 

Tesak opened her testimony during the 
hearing by explaining that "to advocate" means 
"to speak in favor of." 

"We did not show [Craig] anything. Wedid 
not ask her to read [the notes for the proposal]. 
I find these charges completely unfounded," 
she said. "We did not plead in favor of our 
campaign in any way." 

Also testifying was AS. Elections Manager 
Beth Gesson, who was present last Friday and 
was talking with Tesak when the alleged viola-

See CHARGES, Page 8 

Porter's Student Pub Loses $2,000 in Monllng Burglary 
BREAK-IN: No signs of 
forced enny leads police 
to believe thief had a key 
By Suzannne PIta" 
Staff Writer 

A thief made off with over$2,OOO 
in cash from Porter's Student Pub in 
a Tuesday morning break-in. The 
cash was reported missing at 1 p.m. 
Tuesday afternoon. 

Although there was no evidence 
of forced entry reported, Pub owner 
Rob Porter attributes the break-in to 
the poorly-constructed doors at the 

Pub, which have since been replaced 
by the university. 

"I knew [the doors] weren't as 
good as they should be, but I didn't 
know how easy it was [for the thieves 
to get in]," Porter said. 

Revelle Senior and Pub em-
ployee Jason Rodenbo said that the 
doors to the pub could be opened 
easily with a credit carel. He added 
that an earlier proprietor once forgot 
her key, but "she used a credit card 
and it popped right open." 

Porter believes that the thief 
slipped a card through the gap be-

tween the door and the door frame to 
open the door. 

UCSD Police Department Ser-
geant Bob Jones said that it was 
unlikely that the thief used a credit 
card to enter the building. Although 
he had not seen the door of the Pub 
at the time of the interview, he said 
that it was more likely that the bur-
glars entered with a key or through 
an unlocked door. 

"I've seen hundreds of robber-
ies," Jones said. "The use of a credit 
card is very rare." 

See PUB, Page 2 Pub Owner Rob Porter 



2 NEWS 

Third Only One Step 
Away from Marshall 
CHANGE: Chancellor signs name change; now only 
regents' vote is needed to finalize the decision 
By Franca.co DeV ..... 
News Editor 

Third College is now only a re-
gents' vote away from officially 
changing its name to Thurgood 
Marshall College, following Chan-
cellor Richard Atkinson's fonnal 
approval of the name change Tues-
day. 

The last step in-
volves a vote by the 
Board of Regents, 
which is likely to be 
held during its May 
meeting. 

College three years ago. 
The process took nearly a year 

before it was rejected by King's 
widow. CorcttaScott King.justprior 
to the (mal approval. The name 
Marshall College was first formally 
proposed last month. 

"I'm surprised when anything 
happens quickly at an institution as 

big as [UCSD] ... I 
think there is a sense 
that it's time [for the 
name change]," 
Lytle said. 

Plans are already 
being made for the 
officialchangeevcn 
without official re-
gental approval. ac-
cording to Lytle. "I 
think the regents 
will see the wisdom 

Speakirlg for the 
chancellor. Associ-
ate Chancellor 
Tracy Strong said 
that Atkinson 
"strongly'lIXlenthu-
siastically en-
dorses" the name 
change. He added 
that the name 
Thurgood Marshall 
College will "trans-
mit the quality of 
Third College." 

"I'm surprl.... of all of this," he 
when anything sai~ytleiSPlanning 
happens quickly a trip to Washing-
at an Institution ton D.C. with sev-

eral students some-
_ big a. time during the 

Third College 
Provost Cecil Lytle 
said yesterday that 
he was pleased that 
Atkinson had ap-
proved the proposed 
name change. but 
that he had "sus-
pected all along 
[that] he would." 

[UC5D] I think summer to meet ... 
with Marshall's 

there I. a .. nsa family and plan the 
that It'. time rededication cer-
[for the name emony for Fall Quaner. 
change]." Among other 

~I Lytle, proposals for the 
Third College Provost change to Marshall 

College is a plan of 
The proposal has 

passed through the renaming pro-
cess very quickly, especially when 
compared to Third's attempt to re-
name itself Manin Luther King Jr. 

PUB: Thief makes 
off with $2,000 in 
morning burglaiy 
ContInued from pa&e 1 

Jones said the public is mislead 
by what they see in the movies and 
that opening a door with a credit 
card is actually very difficult. 

Porter said he is shocked by the 
break-in, but he refuses to point a 
finger at his employees. Rodenbo 
also said he would be surprised if 
the theft was the work of a Pub 
employee. 

Lytle's to charge 
anyone who says ''Third'' instead of 
"Marshall" a nickel, which would 
be donated to the financial aid of-
fice. 

"If it was an employee, I'd be 
crushed," Rodenbo said. "I don't 
believe it was internal. We're all 
dedicated employees and wouldn't 
do that." 

Porter said that he had filed a 
request to have the door fixed with 
the Student Center on Friday, but 
the repairs were not performed until 
after the burglary. 

No other damage or losses were 
reported. Porter's insurance will 
cover the full amount lost in the 
break-in. 

It was the first bu!glary at the 
three month old pub. 

.... If not you, when? \.1 If not me, how? 
Recycle Guardian News 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, AprilS, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~G ~~ Z~G ~~ C\..~G. '. -~ (. VL'NG 
, •• ~ '\L 1·' '. ' .... 
, \ . . , ""r ~ '''~~ ! -'~ ~\ . , J t . ~ ) ~ 

I . -
.. -

11\~ GrnEAA,IOI'ol I)C)ESI'olT ~B'50RQ 
INf()RAATlON 'mIS W~'i . COOL!) 
'ilJ RE.OVG: ~~IW6 10 

~r LE~C;T OIlR lU~\lISIC~S 
\)K~sr~KO \IS . 

I FKTOIOS ? 

t w.li. IT 
'tIII£K If'S 
l'rIl')'tIIlIl)'{. 

'ioIJ ~~ 'filIAl' 
r AA1t? r 
IIM\ VKK 1'" 
n.l\:l~ ~\) 
:sn!>IE()Iji 'T\I9:KS 

l\l.<'~ 
ltl IIIMSEL~! 

BRIEFLY ... 
.. -

Professors Receive Research Scholarships 
Three UCSD researchers are among the 90 North 

American scientists' and economists to receive SIOM 
Foundation Research Fellowships this year. 

Scott Renn, an assistant professor in the Depart· 
ment of Physics, Frederic Bien, an assistant professor 
in Mathematics, and Neal Swerdlow, an assistant 
rofessor in residence in the Department of Psychiatry 
and neurosciences program. received the prestigious 
award granted by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. 

The $30.000, tw~ear grant is given to scientists in 
the early stages of their careers based on their promise 
to contribute to the advancement of knowledge in their 
fields. 

MagnetIc Recording R ..... 
Center Ga ........ $1.1. Million 

The UCSD Center for Magnetic Recording Rese.arch 
has received $1.1 million to support research on ad-
vanced recording technologies. 

The money is part of a $10.7 million grant to the 
National Storage Industry Consortium. of which UCSD is 
a member. 

The goals of the five-year project include developing 

technologies to increase magnetic disk storage dens~ 
ties one hundred-fold and developing new disk media. 
The program's advances will be used for both military 
and commercial applications. The cost of the effort will 
total approximately $60 million. 

Other participants in the program include UC Berke-
ley. UCLA, Stanford and Caltech. 

Novelist, Art CrItIc to Speak at 
AfrIcan stud .. SympoeIum 

A lecture by novelist and art critic Simon Njami will be 
featured in the symposium, • Art, Aesthetics and Politics 
in Africa and the Caribbean,' which begins tomorrow at 
the Price Center Ballroom. 

The symposium is sponsored by UCSO's African and 
AfrIcan-American Studies and Research project, Third 
College and the Department of Sociology. It is free and 
open to the general public. 

The symposium begins at 9 a.m. tomorrow with a 
lecture by Haitian psychoanalyst Willy Apollon. The noon 
session will feature the film In and Out of Africa, and 
Njami will speak during the 1:30 p.m. session entitled 
'New Developments in Contemporary African Art." 

The Guardian 
weather fepolt 

Thura: 71'/52' FrI: 70'/51: Sat: 71'/53" Yesterday: 70"/51' 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor DDlQN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, AsSOCiate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

IUUSTllATOIIS: Mlcha Croft. Tara Eoff. Nathan E~ln. Speed Fan1s. jennifer 
Hart. DominIC lObbla. Alan LunCllren, AO~ano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI Spong 
DDIGNEIIS: Joel Arnold. \\11&00 CheunC. Cindy Un. Martus l.cbbIa. Chr1stDlJher Lock 
PHOTCKIIIAJIIIIItI: David Cho. SIder! Deb. Paul Mackey. jennifer Matthews. 

LO~ M1tcIIell. Chuck NC~, Jennifer Vann 
JIlt L(SO~ ~ podshed ~ n1lusdlrs ~ Ihe aIemIc jta' by IIId ilr!he SlIIdetts 
d UCSO. 1IeprudutIIan d hi ~ in II\' bin. _in wnoII Olin PM. __ permIsslon Is 
_ prohtiIIed. C 1993. II rWO __ . JIlt L(SO GInirIIs not II$IIOI1SIIIIe ilr !he IWn d 
_~OI M. llIt ___ lIIfIIlI*InllpCl**'OI_donot 
receSIIIIy --'Ihe aciIIOID d JIlt ICSO ~ Ihe ~ d CIIbriI. 0I1he ~ SIIIIe!Is. ""OCSD~IsUlllld~by-"_","IIe ___ 7 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON IUDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Edftor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEfF NIESs., Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, AsSOCiate Sports Editor 
DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 

LAMINE 1ECKA, AssoclBte News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, AsSOCiate Features Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Spotts Editor 
SIJIIOR STAFF WIIfTIIII: Jenny Galana. Dan KtlIun. Mattlww Robinson. BIWtt :=; MIChael ScllWartz, Sheryt WOIcoIl 

.... 1Ui; EJalneCamulo. KI1It11~. Mlert Gar1baldl. KItItIIn HaIwnon. 
BlItyHwarW, ChrtI.-.n. MelaaJecolla, GayeJolnoo. RodIrtc:k 1M. WllnClyMc:Nelll. 
Thefesa Moore. Julie PIIk. Paul Phnllps. Jeff PrauII1t. Ely Rabeni. Blllr RIdley. Kara 
Saul. RI1u SIxena. IIrM 5eIeI. Ale .. J. Sherman.lInn SpIepI. G"IOfY StepIlent 

COPY READERS: Michelle Chlan&. Aron Miller. Jessie Sprln&er. Maf.Lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: TIm Un 
ADVDlIIINI MIISfANT: Tara Eoff 
EDITOfIIAL AlllSTANT: 8r1an K. Hutto 

BOB DeANDREA, BusIness Mancer 
MICHAEL FOUUCS, AtMrtfsItW Man.r 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad1IertfSl'W Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY, CIBSSifIed RepresentBtIve 

Edltorllll: 5~580. Business 0fIIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD QuatrIIan, 9500 Gilman DItve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
__ : s-.d floor. UCSO s...- c.nt.< Bu~ 'A' 

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

New Social Science Building In Works 
~:Itvvill 
serve as a foothold for the 
future Sixth College, 
By Ritu Saxena 
Staff Writer 

An $11 million social sciences 
building that will lay the foundation 
fora sixth college on UCSO'sNorth 
Campus is nearing construction, 
according to Sal Ochoa of BGRP 
Architecture. the firm that has been 
contracted to build the facility. 

Although construction is sched-
uled to begin this fall, Ochoa said 
budget constraints may delay the 
project. 

"VVe've been facing a lot of bud-
get and financial barriers," Ochoa 
said. ''The building is scheduled to 
open in 1995. but that might not 
happen." 

According to Bob VVielage, 
UCSD director of Architecture and 
Project Management, consbUction 
of the building has priority for state 
funding, but some problems have 
come up. 

"In order to get more funding, 
we need the approval of the stale 
legislature. We're doing our best to 
see that we do get approved, and 
that the project runs smoothly," 

courtesy 
ConstructIon documents are bel,. pnIpIII8cI for the new $11 million 
social science bulldlrC pictured In this model. 

VVielage said, adding that the initial 
proposals for the building were ap-
proved by the UC Office of the 
President. 

The departments of Anthropol-
ogy, Ethnic Studies, Political Sci-
ence and Sociology will be housed 
in the 75,OOO-square-foot facility. 
Space is also allocated for UCSD's 
Urban Studies and Latin American 
Studies divisions. The design will 
allow for improved intetaction be-
tween UCSD's social science de-
partments housed in the building. 

The facility has been designed 
to maximize ocean view corridors 
and unify existing building elements. 

The new building will houseaca-
demic. graduate student and staff 
offices, seminar space. conference 
rooms, classrooms, a computing 
facility and includes space for a 
library and a number of laborato-
ries, according to Ochoa. 

The firm designed the building 
in association with the New York-
based architecture firm Gwatbmey 
Siegal and Associates. 

Student Drowns Off Baja, Mexico Beach 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Funeral services will be held this 
weekend for Third College senior 
Mark Huang, who drowned April 3 
while swimming in the ocean dur-

ing a trip to Mexico. 
The 23-year-old was vacation-

ing at Alisitos Beach, about 15 miles 
south of Rosarito in Baja, Mexico. 
The beach was near the popular La 
Fonda hotel. 

The services are scheduled to 
start at 9 a.m. on Saturday and will 
be held at the California Burial 
Chapel, 5602 EI Cajon Blvd. 

The ceremony will be open to 
the public. 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROlllNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

lJUo@ [1'1]©& U ~@WD@W ©®QD[[~@ 
6y Co{umbia !R.fview 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIAN8-0F-THE-FUTURE * 
, INTENSIVE MCA T prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
" An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D. 's, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

, Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

'12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing. 
problem solving. reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions stralegies, and tutoring 

" 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and fonnula sheets. 
reading and writing study guides, MCA T and admissions strategy 
handouts. problem sets and timed exams written by MeAT experts 

• REAL MCAT testing for both in-class and take-home practice 
" DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
"TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
, LOWER TUITION than other courses 

m CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 
APPLY NOW! 456·4848 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

\CL \T[ I, IJISPOS \SLL &: SL /{L\ll l, [) \In \\l:-\f\ CO\ nCT U \SLS I /{O\J IOH\SO\ & IOl/\SO\ 

AVA So ATTRACTIVE. So COMFORTABLE. So CONVENIENT. So HEALTHY. 
HO/IMF 

:Home of tfu 'Wo&'s 
J"inest (jounnet Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Boo/war) 

, Monday-Thursday 6 am-II pm 
, Friday 6 am-midnight 

, Saturday 7:30 am-midnight 
, Sunday 8 am-ll pm 

r-------, I $100 0FF : 
You WONT' BELIEVE YOUR EYES 

FREE Trial Contact Lense,s . Date: April 21st and 22nd 
FREE Contact Lens Solution KIt Location: MARRIOTI LA JOLLA I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Any Cappuccino, 
Mocha, or 

Frosted Mocha 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

$5.00 Contact Lens Exam by our Trained Eye Care . 4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
Professionals Appomtments: Call Nu-VISION 24 hours 

$22.50 Per Box of Six Lenses (619)221-7265 

OM per aulomer, up_ 4122193 

-------

If Not Satisfied Will Replace Old Lenses At No Cost 

USED 
LVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES· 60's, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN· MIUTARY. TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH 
..... ---- M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7,00 state cert, 

TUNE UP* 
8204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. Includel new 
ap8Ik pi ..... Nt t1m1m&. scope 
..... under hood check. 
Vans. 8- pkC qines. platinum pluas ext' • . 

from 
Brake Special * $80 
caD Auto Car. 
Mon."rI. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 1-5 
8880 MI_r Rd., suite C 

(behind GoocIyur) 
San DleIO, CA 92121 
(819) 51&-2438 

.. moat CIIrs 

Come /(UD us for YJred/asl 
slarhD!l7lpr1i .5 

~gg Omlettes 
French Toast 

Belgian Waffles 
"much more 

Z .ips 7ummy 21usler 
:?rice Genler, lei 4.5<f~OO70 



" OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO D£VRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

Jl!e UCSD au_I. publ_ twice • _ • IN lJrMrsilY 01 Cellfoml • • Soon 0;"",. eon_ 
01lI93. v ____ ,....- "'" mOilorilY ..... 01 "'" _. boatd. and or. not 
_flill thou 01 tho UC Boon! 01 RIII"IS. IN ASUCSO. _ the entire Gu._ statl. 

CUI I Gld Legal Acrobatics 
Are a Waste of Money 

When Superior Court Judge Wayne Peterson refused to grant a 
preliminary injunction last week that would reverse Vice Chancellor 
for Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson's move to "disestablish" 
the University Center Board, he did not, in any way, shape or form, 
put an end to the on-going conflict between former UCB Chair Chris 
Burnett and the administration. Indeed, the ruling on Friday was 
merely the first of many legal tussles stemming from the UCB's 
lawsuit against the administration, a suit filed last November in 
hopes of granting the UCB the right to use its funds to hire 
independent legal counsel. 

The grand plan in all of these suits, countersuits, motions and 
objections is to clarify, once and for all, exactly what authority the 
UCB has. While this is certainly a noble aim, one must wonder if it 
merits all of these judicial acrobatics and, more importantly, astro-
nomicallegal bills. With the ensuing trials and hearings likely to drag 
on for the remainder of the spring and perhaps through the end of the 
year, the costs for the UCB and the administration will continue to 
mount. And when it comes time to pay the legal piper, it's a foregone 
conclusion that students will be footing the bill. The answer to the 
question "What price autonomy?" apparently is "a bundle." 

For that reason alone, thisgarneoflawsuit ping-pong between the 
UCB and the administration is outrageous. At a time when money 
is tight, the two sides are apparently content to squimder funds that 
could go to serve students, faculty and staff. Even more galling are 
the circumstances under which the UCB filed its suit. The issue was 
never approved by the full board, but rather by a legal committee 
which met in private. Before entering a costly endeavor such as suing 
the university, the UCB failed to exhaust every possible avenue of 
negotiation, a tactic that smacks of arrogance. 

The role of student governing boards and the issue of autonomy 
are important subjects which need to be addressed. However, if the 
UCB wanted to settle the issue of autonomy, then why didn't it enlist 
the help of the Associated Students (A.S.) and the Graduate Student 
Association (GSA)? Clearly, a unified student front might justify a 
lengthy legal proceeding. The UCB is merely a piece in the au-
tonomy puzzle- to wrangle over its status while ignoring the A.S. 
and GSA is somewhat short-sighted. 

Perhaps the UCB lawsuit will lead to a fair and equitable solution 
to a problem that has dragged on long enough. But it's hard to 
swallow this courtroom showdown when both sides could have 
behaved more intelligently and avoided the exorbitant costs. 

Science Library Switch is a 
Necessary Inconvenience 

When it was first announced last December that the Science and 
Engineering Library would be moved from Urey Hall to the east 
wing of the newly renovated Central Library, faculty and students 
from the Physics and Chemistry Departments were especially vocal 
in their complaints. The move, which took place during spring break, 
means a longer walk for the students and faculty in those two 
departments. Back in December, Chemistry Professor Regitze VoId 
called the decision to move the Science and Engineering Library 
disastrously inconvenient for faculty , undergraduates and graduate 
students. 

There is no question that the switch to Central Library makes 
things more difficult for members of the Physics and Chemistry 
Departments, whose offices are located in or around Urey Hall. Now 
instead of a brief walk to the library, faculty and students in that 
section of the campus face a lO-minute excursion to the new 
location. But, as inconvenient as the move may be, it is the only 
plausible solution to an unfortunate situation. 

The fact is that UCSD does not have the money to house two 
separate libraries. For the Science and Engineering Library to 
remain at Urey Hall , the money would have had to come out of the 
Chemistry and Physics Departments' budgets, a completely un-
workable solution given the ongoing UC budget crunch. And while 
the walk may be farther for some, the new location at Central Library 
i larger and better. 

At a time when money is tight, sacrifices have to be made, and if 
that means moving the Science and Engineering Library to Central, 
then so be it. An inconvenient hike is certainly better than even more 
budget-slashing and cutbacks. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8,1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

DON'T QLOW 
YOUR CUANCf) ON ~ 
"'OR UAlR~ "V 

Too L0N6- YOU'll ~CAAf 
TWt QI(.U'nr~ ; 
~ '''0Rr -You'LL ST~II(r 

TEAAOR IN TH( ~T 
tErn£',! ~.~ 

COULD BE A 
lIABILITY-
LotE IT! 

THf SMILE -rr S'AYS'IrAJ 
\IIARN ANDS/~J'lET 
~~M AWb 

~[~oQM WRnt> lroll .. 
I='~~C - QAD! 

P~RI<'IN' - QAD ! 
coope - GOOD! 

~ou..,oBITtC : 
"Ir~ iMr ~~ CUANGr. A1RO'Y'-
· r .. AT W4rrt1N, ij[t A RAD HAN!'" . 

WHEN IT COMES TO CULTURE, 
ALITTLE DROP WILL DO You 

COMMENTARY: Bloodlines aren't the only way for human beings to be unified 
- people may share a cultural identity that can transcend any racial boundaries 

Last Wednesday night, the ftrst 
week of spring classes, my billfold 
was stolen while I was showering 
in the gym. Two problems resulted: 
fll'St, I was flying to Oakland the 
next day and needed transport 
money. More immediately, I was 
hungry, and had neither a place to 
live nor money to buy food. 

" Do you really believe that?" asked LaTasha,looking 
skeptical. "Some people really believe in that 'One Drop' 
theory." 

GREGORY 

STEPHEns 
So I made the 

rounds of every pub, 
cafe and restaurant 
still open on campus, 
trying to find some-
one who would take 

a check. No one would. Finally, as a last 
resort, I went into Round Table Pizza just 
as it was closing and pleaded my case to the 
manager. He looked me in the eye to gauge 
my honesty and then said "sure." 

As [was ordering my veggie pizza, two 
young black women came to the counter 
and ordered pizza to go. While we were 
waiting, I got to talking with these ladies. 
One of them, whom [ ' II call LaTasha, had 
roots in Oklahoma. the same state where I 
was born and where most of my relatives 
still live. She seemed genuinely excited to 
discover that we had relatives in many of 
the same cities. 

"So what's Oklahoma like now?" she 
asked. "Kinda redneck?" 

"I haven't been there in many years," I 
confessed. "But Texas is cool. My parents 
live in West Texas and many of my friends 
are in Austin." 

One of the employees was leaning on 
the counter and eyeing my Bob Marley 
button, which featured Bob's quote "Eman-
cipate yourself from mental slavery/None 
but ourselves can free our minds." 

"You a Bob Marley fan?" he asked. 
"Bob is my man," I said. I told him 

about a Peter Benefiel who had written a 

"Well that 'One Drop' rule is a funny thing," I said. 
"Used to be you were racist if you said that any amount of 
black blood made you black. Now people will call you 
racist if you don't believe that any amount of black blood 
makes you black. Like this guy who wrote a letter calling 
me a racist - he claimed it was a 'fact' that 'black genes 

"Well that 'One 
Drop' rule Is a 
funny thing," I 
said. "U .... to 
bayOUW .... 
racist If you said 
that amy amount 
or black blood 
made you black. 
Now people will 
eall you racist If 
you don't 
believe that amy 
..... ntolblack 
blood mak .. you 
bIack." 
"You know what 
some people 
say: alttle 
dab'. do ya, " 
La, .... 
ablllY8d wryly. 

are dominant over white ones. '" 
"You know what some people say: a 

little dab'll do ya," LaTasha observed 
wryly. 

"Well, I personally don't buy this talk 
of any genes or gender being dominant," I 
said. "Besides, since Bob's daddy was a 
white man and his music reaches people of 
all races, how can you say he 'sjust black'?" 

"[ know that's right," said LaTasha. 
"[ mean, ] respect people's right to 

choose whatever racial identity they want. 
But I really respect people who choose not 
to choose sides. I think we ought to have a 
mixed race category on our census fOnTIS 
and school applications." 

"If I was biracial. I'd check black and 
white," said LaTasha. "All the above. You 
have any relatives in Louisiana?" she asked. 

"No, but my wife's from Port Arthur. 
She's creole and she's got folks in Louisi-
ana," 

'That's a long ways from West Texas," 
LaTasha noted. 

"Yeah, but we met in Austin. Matter of 
fact, it was Caribbean music that brought 
us together." 

"Music will bring people together," she 
agreed. 

LaTasha and her friend left. As I ate my 
pizza I thought about Bob Marley, Carib-
bean culture and the "One Drop." AI-
lhough Bob viewed "black liberation" as a 
central concern of his art and life, in his 

letter to the Guardian saying I was "racist," after I wrote 
a column saying Marley was not only a ·great black man 
but also a great white man and a great human, sioce he was 
born to an interracial couple and loved by people of all 
races. 

interviews he refused to choose sides as 
black or white. For him the "One Drop" wasn't a race 
thing, but rather a description of the distinctive one 'he 
one bass drum heartbeat "riddim" that forms the back-
bone of Jamaican classic reggae. 

See DROP, Page 6 

Thunday, April8,l99S 

RETuRN TO 
THE LAND 
OF'MCRm 
COMMENrARY: Just when 
you thought it was safe go back 
to Danville, they go aId build 
yet another McDonald's 
By PhIlp MIchaels 
Opinion Editor 

Something was definitely not right about the 
situation, that was for certain. There I was in my 
hometown of Danville, California, feeling about 
as out of place as TipperGore at a Twisted Sister 
concert, witnessing a scene about as likely as 
William Shatner winning an Oscar for Lifetime 
Achievement. This can't be happening, I said to 
myself, and for a moment, I thought I had to be 
dreaming. But when the woman behind the 
counter said those words, I knew that this was 
no dream. 

"Welcome to McDonald's," she chirped. 
"May I take your order?" 

Roughly a year ago, I wrote about the strange 
and twisted sagaofthe effort to put a McDonald's 
in my hometown of Danville . The Golden Arches 
were slated to come to town, bringing Big Macs 
and milkshakes to the happy citizens. There was 
only one hitch - the citizens were a might-bit 
peeved about the new restaurant. 

The affluent homeowners in the area where 
the new McDonald's was scheduled to be built 
likened the arrival of the Golden Arches to a 
visit from the Four Horsemen of the Apoca-
lypse. Famine, death, war and pestilencewould 
seize Danville, they admonished us, if the new 
McDonald's were built. More specifically, the 
restaurant would encourage a "bad element" to 
descend upon the town - namely, rowdy teen-
agers, gangs from nearby Oakland and other 
such "undesirables." Life in Danville as we 
cherished it was but a McRib sandwich away. 

But a funny thing happened on the way to 
Armageddon. In one the strangest reconcilia-
tions since Donald Trump and Marla Maples 
started dating again, representatives from the 
McDonald 's Corp. and the irate homeowners 
went into the proverbial smoke-filled room and 
emerged giving each other big, sloppy kisses. 
The residents were now in hot, sweaty love with 
the idea of a McDonald's in their own back 
yard, so much so that a few began sponing 
stylish "McDonald's Loves Danville buttons." 

"It 's a great addition to our community," 
homeowner Gary Prince told the local newspa-
per. "I'll be here all the time," he added, neglect-
ing to mention that less than a year ago, he was 
leading the fight to run McDonald's out on a 
rail. 

The restaurant opened a few months ago, to 
the long-suppressed cheers of the masses. And 
contrary to the doom and gloom prophecies of 
the homeowners, the crime rate did not sky-
rocket, the maidens were not robbed of their 
virtue and property values, as of today, remain 
stable. A big to-do was made about the grand 

. opening, with a front page story on McDonald's 
in the local paper. This is big news in Danville, 
you see. Naturally, I had to pay the restaurant a 
visit. I may have gone there as a cynical smart-
aleck ready to make derisive comments about 
the whole situation, but I came away ... well, I 
guess I came away pretty much the same. 

Local residents raved about the new 
McDonald's and its "contemporary," futuristic 
look. If the design of this new restaurant is how 
the future looks, then the McDonald's vision of 
the next century is even more frightening than 
Orwell's. The walls of the restaurant are lined 
with neon. The tables are shaped in funky and 
jagged patterns. And this particular McDonald's 
features a gounnet espresso machine, hoping to 
do the same thing for coffee that it's done for 
cuisine. It's as if I had walked into a fast food 
restaurant in a Fellini-esque nightmare. 

But before I had time to consider the virtues 
of modem interior design and how acappuccino 

See MeRlS, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardi.u OPINION 5 

CCIIIaZllt'lAllY: With campus elections engeOOering as much excitement as an 
mganic chemistIy seminar, it is more illl(XJl'tint than ever to reform the entire process 

THE QUEST FOR VOTERS 

BEN 

BIIYIlIUK 

Today is the last day 
of the 1993 A.S. elec-
tions, an annual ritual in 
which 15 percent of the 
student body elects a 
handful of horsesasses 
and opportunists to p0-
sitions of relative pow-
erlessness, who, once 
elected, spend the next 
nine months refining the 

fmeartofb~keringand 
bawling in executive 
session in anticipation 
of future careers in mu-

nicipal politics or education. 
Compared to an election on the national, 

state or even local level, campus political 
contests are comparatively dull events. With 
the exception of an occasional charge offman-
cial misconduct or a nit-picking complaint 
concerning the inappropriate posting of a cam-
paign pamphlet in the Price .Center men's 
room, campus election campaigns offer little 
worth paying attention to, the least of which 
being the candidates themselves. 

Student leaders often lament to anyone 
who will listen what a damned shame it is that 
more students do not participate in the campus 
political process. Every year there is always 
talk of empowering the disenfranchised 
masses, but such talk is quickly dropped in 
favor of more weighty topics, such as how 
much money to allocate to the next big lobby-
ingjunket to Sacramento, or how to reword the 
bylaw detailing the proper procedure for or-
dering Chinese take·out during council ses-
sions. The student masses, meanwhile, remain 
blissfully ignorant and out of the loop. 

As one who is ever suspicious of the merits 
of student empowennent as they have come to 
be understood by campus do-gooders and 

.. elected - within the 
bola ...... of the law, of 
COlI .... . 
similar rabble rousers, I cannot share com-
pletely in the sentiments of those who weep 
and gnash their teeth at the lack of student 
participation. Students do not participate be-
cause they have no reason to care. Emotional 
appeals to the glorious principle of student 
autonomy do not affect them - not when 
there are midtenns to take,long lines to endure 
and classes to drop. Whether Joe Watson lets 
the University Center Board live or die is of 
little importance to the daily life ofthe average 
student when compared to a much more im-
mediate concern, such as the lack of canned 
sodas in the Muir Rathskellar orthe unreliability 
of the campus loop shuttle. 

Students need a reason to pay attention, but 
so far they lack even one. Of course, every 
student is alanned by the rash of fee increases 
they have been forced to endure, and some will 
be forced to leave the university for lack of 
resources. But they know that students can do 
little except rant and make fools of themselves 
before the state legislature. There is some 
evidence thatthis attitude is changing - many 

of the candidates this year, for example, have 
come to realize that last year's mantra of "all 
we want is your respect - and money" just 
doesn't work. 

The problem remains: how to get the stu-
dents to the polls? If they do not care, they can 
at the very least be roused from their slwnber 
long enough to punch a few holes in a ballot 
card. Done right, they might even know who 
and what they are voting for. 

The answer, of course, is election refonn 
- not just a run-of-the-mill rewrite of the 
bylaws. but a total overhaul. As they are cur-
rently operated, the student government elec-
tions engender as much excitement as an or-
ganic chemistry seminar or a cookbook sign-
ing. Campaigns should be exciting. In order to 
make them so. the rules - many of which are 
so strict as to be constitutionally dubious -
must be relaxed or eliminated altogether. 

The campaigns are too short. They should 
be lengthened by at least a week. Critics within 
the A.S. Council argue that a longer campaign 
period makes the transition period for the 
incoming council more difficult. They say, 
among other things, that the new council would 
have less time to work out next year's budget. 
What they mean is that the council will have 
less time to dispute and forestall the new 
budget. In fact, a shOl1er transition will force 
the new council to be more efficient. With the 
deadline to approve the new budget fast ap-
proaching, the new council would have no 
choice but to put their differences aside and 
work together. 

The period in which aspirants are given to 
declare their candidacy is onerously short. 
Would-be pols are asked to obtain hundreds of 
signatures on petitions during the most inop-
portune times - finals week, spring break. the 
fll'St day of classes in spring. This is absurd. 

See ELEcnONS, Page 6 

THE DEBATE ON CO-OPS GoES BACKAND FORTH 
Editor: 

I recently wrote the Guardian asking the 
authors of the anonymous Co-op Fact Sheet to 
apologize for insulting remarks aimed at A.S. 
Enterprise employees. I would like to publicly 
thank Groundwork Books' Chloe Burke for 
graciously complying with this request. Her 
apology to the students who operate the Grove 
Caffe (Readers' Forum, March 28) was greatly 
appreciated. 

Unfortunately, after reading the rest of her 
letter (and that of Steve Dubb), I realize a great 
deal of ambiguity still shrouds the relevant 
truths of the co-op issue. As anyone who has 
taken a political science course can attest, it is 
very easy to reveal only selected parts of the 
truth, thereby altering the factual perception of 
the issue as a whole. OIloe, Steve and I could 
go back and forth arguing semantics for months. 
The truth of the matter is that the three of us are 
so closely tied to this problem that we each 
have individual biases which inevitably cast a 
shadow over the validity of our arguments. 

The co-op issue is a very important con· 
cern for students. As Steve wrote, "[The Co-
ops have] legal bills which now total over 
$100,000." Assuming the university has spent 
a like amount, this problem has consumed 
over $200,000 of student funds! We have a 
right to know what our money is being used 
for. Students should not be forced to obtain 
this infonnation by reading between the Lines 
of rhetoric. The Guardian is a paper for and by 
students. Therefore, I implore its editors to 
commission an unbiased investigatory article 
on the facts of this matter. If you would like to 
know where your money is going, tell the 
Guardian! 

John S. CIuiste .. n 
A.s. Commissioner or Operations! 

Services & Enterprises 

READERS' 

FORUM 
11Je Guardian welcomes leerers from Its readers. Ail letters fTlJstbe 
no IoogertfJWl thll!fl peffe$, typed. ~ and~. We 
" .. e ..... the tW/lt 10 edft for 1etW!h _ cJarity. Send aJlleflers 10: 

Editor: 

TIle GuardIan 
Op/n/o() f(J/ffJ( 

9500 GIlman Dr. 0316 
l.IJ Jolla. CA 9209J.0316 

After careful consideration, I have decided 
to withdraw my complaint filed against Stu-
dent Action Now. While I still feel strongly 
that utilizing A.S. facilities for campaign-
related activities creates an unfair advantage 
for returning A.S. officers over candidates not 
currently involved with the A.S., I am afraid 
that pursuing these charges would not be in the 
best interest of the students of UCSD. 

As we saw in last year's elections, cases 
such as these have a tendency to be blown out 
of proportion, become exceedingly drawn out, 
resort to petty mudslinging and draw much 
more attention than they truly merit. As a 
result, voter attention is diverted from the true 
issues, as there is less candidate and media 
discourse about the issues on which the elec-

tion should be focused. 
Insofar as the Student Action Now cam-

paign is issue-based, I am hopeful that they 
will accept the withdrawal of my charges. 
Additionally, I publicly ask that - out of 
courtesy to those candidates who are not cur-
rently involved in the A.S., as well as those 
A.S. officers not involved in the election -all 
candidates and slates refrain from working on 
any aspect of campaign-related activities in 
the A.S. offices. 

Matt Mayo 
A.S. Commissioner or Public Relations 

Editor: 
Once again, Joe Watson is misinfonned 

("Watson in Profile," March 29). He stated 
that the co-ops should be run as an A.S. enter-
prise with any employment opportunities run 
through the Career Center, "so people in the 
co-ops can't just hire your buddies." As a 
member of the Food Co-op, I would like to tell 
.all UCSD students that our employment pro-
cess is run through the Career Center. We take 
our hiring very seriously and the claim that we 
hire "buddies" is so far from the truth. Any 
student has the opportunity to apply for a job 
at the Food Co-op, so long as they pick up a 
referral slip at the Career Center. 

The Food Co-op is a student collective 
intent on providing a healthy, affordable alter-
native to the other food options on campus. 
Our interest is to provide students with this 
alternative. not serve "our own limited inter-
ests." All students are welcome to come and 
get involved with the co-ops. This invitation 
goes out to Joe Watson as well. Perhaps then 
he won't make false claims about the co-ops. 

Joey Schear 



6 OPINION 

McRIB: The 
Golden Arches plots to 
rule the world 
ConIInued ......... 5 
machine fit into the equation, a new 
development came 10 light. So flushed 
with the success of this franchise is 
the McDonald's Corp., that they plan 
to build yetanotherrestaurant in town. 
And just like last year, the 
homeowners in that area have acted in 
the same way that most Danville resi-
dents are wont to behave - that is to 
say, they went ballistic. 

A petition has begun circling 
among the concerned citizenry which 
basically tells McDonald's to stick 
their McJordan bur~ where the sun 
doesn't shine. So far, 1,000 people 
have cast their r~ with the anti-
McDonald's contingent, according to 
Ruth Mondot, who is heading the 
petition drive. Mondot, like other 
homeowners before her, has prom-
ised that a new McDonald's will al-
low dnanken teens, roving gangs and 
dnag-pushers to converge upon the 
city in a heartbeat That's the charm-
ing thing about Danville - quaint 
beliefs never change even when ev-
erything else has. 

I see this as a modem parable, a 
tale of the struggle between idealistic 
visionaries and stick-in-the-mud 
homeowners. It would be a greatlV 
movie - Food, Folks and Fun: The 

DROP: Culture 
remains much more 
important than color 
ContInued from .... 4 

In Bob's worldview, "who feels it 
knows it." Since "we feel it in the one 
drop," reggae music served as a force 
10 emancipate not just the black race 
bul the human race. Its heartbeat 
"riddim" served as a force for cultural 
unity, "resisting against the system" 
and "fighting against isms and 
schisms" -the ideologies that claim 

..... nIIlht, .. tndII hit 

....... fIII Mcf+_ ... It's .. .-t 
01. McDa.II ... s plot to 
.......... h ..... ... 
...... fill ......... '. youIILAI_ r··'· .............. C .. Ike ........ .......,. 
natwoIk of McDonald's 
b ••• tor .......... 
revolution ftnally 
com ••• 
McDonald's Story. I see Fred Savage 
as the plucky McDonald's employee, 
Walter Matthau as the crusty man-
ager with a heart of gold and maybe 
Dabney Coleman and Anne Bancroft 
as the evil homeowners who plot 
against our heroes. Christian Slater 
would, of course, play me. 

But maybe all of these anti-
McDonald's protestors are right after 
all. Maybe they have a point, that this 

"dominance" through some "pure" 
division in human culture. 

I remembered standing in line with 
a black man in a Berkeley Safeway 
the other day. I looked at his food: 
collard greens, sweet potatoes, and 
rutabaga. "You must be from the 
South," I said. "From Texas, I'll bet. 
That's the kind of food I grew up 
eating." 

"I'm from Fort Worth," he said, 
smiling. "Where you from?" 

"I'm from A~ilene, born in Ok la-
hom .. " I said. And so we talked like 
old neighbors. And in a sense we were 

The UCSD Guardian 

fast food business has some sort of 
nefarious plot behind it. Reporters are 
paid the big bucks to ask the tough 
questions - who, what, when, where 
and why - but as I get paid next to 
nothing, I'll be content to engage in 
reckless speculation. 

WhywouldMcDonald'swanttwo 
restaurants in the same small town, 
especially when the restaurants are 
within a five minute drive of each 
other? Last night, the truth hit me like 
a ton of McNuggets. It's all part of a 
McDonald's plot to control the heans 
and minds of our nation's youth. 
McDonald's is assembling an army, a 
massive contingent of gullible, acne-
ridden youth who are being covertly 
trained for smashing our nation into 
rubble. All these restaurants popping 
up like weeds are merely outposts, a 
network of McDonald's bases for 
when the revolution finally comes. 

I can see it all now - legions of 
pimply-faced teens marching with 
their fists in the air, chanting "00 you 
want fries with that?" as they rape and 
pillage the landscape. Our anny will, 
of course, be helpless against such an 
onslaught. Who could withstand the 
full might of the Golden Arches? And 
as we weep over over the smoldering 
embers of our way of life, the few 
souls who stood up against the global 
McDonald's conspiracy will say, "I 
told you so." 

An innocent fast food restaurant? 
Don't make me laugh. 

-the same as I'mhomieswith people 
who look for the "One Drop" in their 
music and not their bloodlines. That 
conversation occurred only because I 
saw even in the man's food that we 
shared a culture that transcended ra-
cial difference. 

Call it my bias if you will, but 
culture remains much more impor-
tant than color in how I define my 
community. And I stand-by my view 
of Bob Marley as a biracial icon for a 
multicultural community in which 
commonality and difference can co-
exist. 

Now's Your Chance to Join the Most 
Feared Opinion Section in the World ••• 

(your Picture Here) 

The Guardian is always looking for new 
opinion writers. If you're interested, call 
5346580 and ask for Phil. 

,--- . ..-------, 
, t!~-, I 

EI.ECTIONS: 
What the A.S, campaign 
needs is a little refonn 
COntInued from .... 5 

The petition process exists osten-
sibly to give the candidates some le-
gitimacy - that is, it grants the can-
didate a sort of popular mandate to 
appear on the ballot. Either lengthen 
the filing period or eliminate the peti-
tion process altogether and let any 
semi -literate student who can sign his 
or her name to an application be al-
lowed to stand for office. The caliber 
of candidates would improve in-
stantly. 
. The rules goveming how a cam-
paign is to be conducted are ridicu-
lous at best and flagrantly unconstitu-
tional at worst. For example, a candi-
date is guilty of violating election 
bylaws if he or she posts campaign 
literature "i n places deemed illegal by 
the University, Colleges, Residence 
Halls including Apartments, or 
ASUCSD Election Comminee. "This 
hasresulled in the prohibition of cam-
paign literature in virtually every part 
of the campus, with the exception of 
a small stretch between Muir and 
Revelle Plaza. 

Most colleges don't want cam-
paign posters plastered all over the 
walls of every suite, classroom and 
toilet stall. A fair concern, but not 
good enough to limit the distribution 
of materials that will help students 
make an infonned decision. Candi-
dates should have the right to post 
campaign literature in any public 
place, with the exception of lecture 
halls or c1as rooms. As a condition of 
their candidacy, they should be as-
sessed a small fee, perhaps a $10 
surcharge, to help pay for the cost of 
having the literature removed after 
the election. 

Campaign spending should be 
unlimited. Under the current bylaws, 
candidates for the executive and com-
missioner posts are limited to budgets 
of no more than $125. This rule exists 
to prevent free-for-all spending and 
seeks to make the elections open to 
anyone,regardlessofeconomicback-
ground. A good rule, I suppose, bul 
nevertheless a major contributor to 
the mediocrity that currently grips the 
election. Students should be allowed 
to do whatever it takes to get elected 
- within the boundaries of the law, 
of course. 

More importantly, though, the stu-
dent voter should be given achance to 
see just how ambitious the candidates 
really are. The suspicion would then 
arise: who in their right mind would 
spend $1,000 to be elected to a posi-
tion that pays less than $75 a week? 
The spendthrifts would most likely be 

Thurllday, April 8, 1993 

disqualified in the minds of the vot-
ers, who would logically conclude 
that anyone inclined to spend such a 
hefty sum on such a lowly job is most 
likely a resume-padder and a hack, 
and ought to be run out of the univer-
sity. 

Campaign publicity is a travesty. 
Right now, most students are forced 
to rely on hideously constructed A-
frames or (God help them) the stories 
and candidate endorsements pub-
lished in the G"ardian. Not only 
should the posting regulations be abol-
ished and the campaign period be 
lengthened, but there ought to be 
more opportunities for public 
speeches and debates. The way the 
current system is set up now, a candi-
date does not have to spend a dime. If 
he or she writes an eloquent cam-
paign statement and impresses the 
G"ardian editorial board enough to 
receive an endorsement, victory is 
almost assured. The G"ardian en-
dorsement is very powerful- in the 
last five years, roughly 85 percent of 
the candidates recommended in these 
pages were subsequently elected. 
While this says something about the 
power of the press, it should be of 
lin Ie comfort to anyone that four indi-
viduals (who could be morons for all 
anyone knows) have such immense 
influence on so many. I should add. 
by the way, that the Guardian edito-
rial board takes all ofits endorsement 
decisions very seriously. Butthat does 
nol mean they are always right. 

Finally, every temptation and cor-
ruption should be availed to the can-
didates. Let the incumbents use their 
offices to create campaign proposals. 
Let the candidates pester diners in the 
Price Center. Let them stand atop the 
bar in Porter's Pub and denounce 
their opponents loudly as cads, swin-
dlers and puppelS of Watson and 
Atkinson. Let them bring strippers to 
Peterson Hall , and serve free 
margaritas at campaign rallies. In 
shon ,let these jun ior statesmen, these 
would-be Sam Raybums, these tri-
bunes of the people, give the students 
what lhey want, And let Ihem die 
trying. 

I don't expect any of these re-
forms to be implemented, or taken 
seriously for that matter. Such 
schemes are much 100 messy for the 
university, and some students are too 
enterprising to be allowed the sort of 
freedom an open campaign would 
allow. I merely propose thai the elec-
tion be approached more crealively. 
If student leaders care about student 
participation -and I suspectthey do 
nor -then give the students some 
reason to care. In short, give them a 
show worth watching. As it is now, 
that organic chemistry seminar seems 
stimulating by comparison. 

I ~{cr:~);·Nh Terra ,r~ \ " .~ P" ~ -·~h'-~I I ~ '~ -)~~~\;~ ~ Onl.' 'Oll ("an IIdp ... Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 
I t....~-. • \'iY<\.::-.~/cun5t 
I ft .. ~j , ...... \.:.1 ._~ ~, I ....... -SPpLS PrICe StudentI (r-)Jf.!lI! . $35 .2. 
I, ~-; $20 US ~~~ ~lcure $12 • 8 I / JI~ure $20 US 
1(/ Must present coupon. 
~: ( ~ialize in French acrylics \':"-7.1) and silk wraps. ' -- No drjle. 
I pM"tof PRIMO Hair "Design 
I 4313 La Jolla Village Dr. 
I SU. K-4 455-0046 
L ~T .... thru FrI:.!. _7pm -.J 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concem. but seiling 

what you sell Is. 
• ft. MIMI I .... 1411 

Earn money for your 
blood donation! 

If you have active 
symptoms or have had 

one of the following 
diseases: 

Hepatitis Rb·Factor Rubella 
Syphilis Lupus &otbers 

Your blood can be worth belWttn 
$40.$200 per donation 
Call MD Laboratories 

(A n0$idiary ofHtfNICart COrp<NtIliotl) 

San Diego 
(619)226-1733 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Loeal Anesthesia) 

OUfr~"I{~~rcrttLE 

LA MES A 
8SH1 Flplcher Pkwy 

1(19) 698·6601 

MISSION vir JO 
26400 L<l AI.lJll('(1.1 

(7141364·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4~OI fllrr.h SI 
1714) 851·1201 

fi!l:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 The UCSD Guudian 

UCSD's New library Head Takes Over 
GERALD LOWELL: UC 
budget crisis tops list of 
concerns 
By Jonna Palmer 
Guardian Reporter 

Overcoming the crippling bud-
get crisis and the improvements to 
the library's computer system top 
the agenda for UCSD's new head 
librarian Gerald Lowell. He assumed 
the position last week. 

Lowell, formerly an associate 
librarian at Yale University, said he 
came to UCSD because he "liked 
the enthusiasm" he saw on campus. 
.. ] sensed a great deal of support for 
the libraries here," he said. 

The UCSD library system holds 
two million volumes in its seven 
libraries, compared to Yale's to 
million volumes. 

Lowell said dealing with the cur-
rent budget crisis will be a major 
priority. He intends to increase the 
library system's fund-raising activi-

Guatdian Ale Photo 
UCSO'S new Head Ubrarlan 
Gerald Lowell 

ties to offset the cuts in state funding 
and build on the library's current 
endowment. 

He added that he will push for 
federal and private grants and indi-
vidual donations to support the li-
brary. 

Lowell also said he will build on 
existing fund-raising channels, such 

as UCSD's Friends of the Library, 
an organization which Lowell char-
acterizes as "very active." 

Lowell said his second major 
goal is to improve the information 
access and academic computing 
systems in UCSD's nine libraries. 

"Dealing with physical things 
like books is giving way to an envi-
ronment in which the key emphasis 
is being placed on th~ work sta-
tions," Lowell said. 

Lowell worked forthe Library of 
Congress and the University of 
Washington libral)' system before 
he went on to work at Yale. 

At Yale, he introduced a y tern 
that provided electronic access to 
the university 's vast collection. 

Lowell is taking over for Dorothy 
Gregor, who held the postuntill991 
when she leftthe posi tion to become 
head librarian at UC Berkeley. 

Acting head librarian Phyllis 
Mirsky has retumed to her position 
as an assistant librarian. 

Islam .Expert Cautions Against Religious Bias 
LEcnJRE: Sakr blames 
media for characterizing 
all Muslims as terrorists 
By Terri OUIPn 
Staff Writer 

Ahmad H. Sakr, a well-known 
expert on Islam, lashed out against 
the discrimination against Muslims 
in the United States during a lecture 
Tuesday night. 

The event was sponsored by the 
Muslim Student Association as pan 
of Muslim Awareness Week. 

Sakr railed against the unfair 
portrayal of Muslims in the Ameri-
can media and said that "terrorism" 
should not be associatedexdusively 
with Muslims and the Islamic reli-
gion. He cited mistreatment of Na-
tiveAmericans, Catholics,Jewsand 
African-Americans as examples of 
terrorism in this country that are 
referred to by other names. 

He also said that news reports, 
such as those that followed the World 
Trade Center bombing last month 
and the subsequent arrest of several 
Muslim suspects on suspicion of 
planting the bomb, constantly refer 
to Muslims as "Islamic fundamen-
talists" or "Muslim terrorists," giv-
ing the public a negative conception 
of Muslims. 

SUPPIJES: 
Women decry decision 
to not stock dispensers 
ContInued from .... 1 
singling out femine supplies, but is 
rarely stocking campus condom 
machines also, 

"When the Central Library addi-
tion was built, they put in condom 
machines, but they have not been 
filled," he said. 

Stevenson said that when the 
feminine sanitary product machines 
were first installed in the 1970s, all 
the dispensers ~harged a fee, but 
because of vandalism and theft PPS 
opted toeliminate the fee on most of 
the machines. 

He added thai most machines 
were sitting empty anyway because 
students can "dial out" all the free 
supplies at one time. 

However, according to Chris 
Oakley of the UCSDStudentHeaJth 
Cent.er, "It is the issue of access and 
it cannot be trivialized." 

Former Women's Caucus Presi-

"[People Mould 
keep] religion by 
itself and people by 
themselves. Don't 
compare Islam with 
Muslim, Just as you 
would not compare 
all students and 
professors wHh the 
UnlveraHy of Califor-
nia and Its pollel ••• " 

- Ahmad H. Sakr, 
Muslim Author 

Sakr contrasted this with the 
media's treatment of other religious 
groups. 

"They don't say 'Christians did 
this.' They don't blame Christianity 
for David Koresh. They don't say 
the men who beat Rodney King are 
Christians. They don't tell us that 
the Serbians are Greek Orthodox 
because they don't want to insult the 
Greeks," Sakr said. 

Sakr, in his role as the president 
of the Foundation for Islamic 
Knowledge, joined other Muslim, 
Christian and Jewish organizations 

"[Buying supplies at 
campus stores] Is 
not an option for us. 
Our periods are not 
_ predictable as 
alarm cl~." 

- CMII Chrlatopller, 
GSA Representative 

dent Elaine Brooks said she has 
dealt with this problem before. In 
1987 Brooks obtained a reversal on 
an administrative decision to elimi-
nate the dispensers by successfully 
arguing that they were as important 
as toilet paper. 

After seeing signs posted on the 
empty dispensers, Brooks became 
involved with the issue again. She 
wrote a lener to the Guardian and 
sentcopiesofitlO prominent women 
on campus, including Assistant 
Dean of the UCSD Medical School 
Ruth Covell and Physics Professor 
Sally Ride,as well as to the Women's 
Resource Center (WRC). 

and New York Governor Mario 
Cuomo to denounce such bias in the 
wake of the World Trade Center 
bombing. 

He prepared a speech and a press 
release urging Americans to avoid 
stereotyping all Muslims because 
of the alleged actions of those in-
volved with the bombing. 

"[people should keep] religion 
by itself and people by themselves," 
Sakr said. "Don't compare Islam 
with Muslim,just as you would not 
compare all students and professors 
with the University of California 
and its policies." 

Sakr also said prejudice against 
Muslims influences the way Ameri-
cans perceive political rights. 

"Freedom of speech for a Mus-
lim is terrorism, but for Tom, Dick 
and Harry it is a necessary right," he 
said. "Freedom of speech is only on 
[college] campuses. That is why I 
speak at college campuses." 

Sakrclosedhis speech withacall 
for Muslim students to build a rela-
tionship based on understanding and 
peace with non-Muslims in the 
United States. 

Sakr is the author of over 20 
books on the Islamic religion and 
gives speeches throughouuhecoun-
tl)'. 

Copies of the letter were also 
placed on the machines themselves. 

Christophersaidshe tried to reach 
a compromise with Stevenson, but 
neither could reach a suitable solu-
tion. "I don't think he's made a valid 
effort," she said. "Stevenson did not 
work collaboratively with the 
women's groups on campus." 

She also contacted acting Sexual 
Harassment Coordinator Tom Hall, 
but he declined to press the case. 

"] can see how it's 1m inconve-
nience or a problem, but not sexual 
harassment," he said. 

Hall added that he worked with 
Stevenson to finda solution, but that 
in the end it was cost prohibitive. 

Brooks said she recognizes the 
budget problems, but that some sort 
of compromise should be reached. 

"There is a mindless bureaucracy 
about UCSD and this is just another 
example of it," she said. Brooks also 
added that she is planning to contact 
the San Diego Public Health De· 
partmentto see if the decision vio-
lates any health codes. 

NEWS 7 

Your Future Looks Bright 
How About Your Teeth? 

Whiten Your Teeth Before Your Summer Tan 
Teeth Bleaching 
Student Special $199.00 

Dr. Tom Wiggin 
12750 Carmel Country Rd. Suite 209 

San Diego, CA 92130 
755·7805 

~ ~""" .. 4. : '~ ~ 
OI"T I'T'IT 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

.ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LISTI 

_ 
Koalals formerly FROZEN YOGURT Penguin's 

.t'-90 . . :V~ 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 452.0524 
ZEN YOG bttwttn Blockl1uster "nd Anthony's 

~----------------~, 
: ~:fs 49~ ! ~::;tni5: T!:~!g : 
I . or any other I ~. silt I with ".,rchase of I 
I Just 10 calones I fbvor you I any small I per ounce! I ch_ I medium, or large I Only ";!h IN, roupon. I Not vAlid with .I~otherolftf. I Not vaid Wid\.Inyotherof_~ Notnlid with any cMhtroifft. 

Oneptl'P'''''''· E><p. 4/~/'f.l Oneptl'_ Exp. 4/ :.l193 Onoptl'ptI'tOII. Exp. ~ /~193 

----------- -----

~~tn~~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 
Flojos $2 OFF 

any purchase of $15.00 or more 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

.&t, S4l144k 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109488-1134 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
~ 

• APPLICATIONS ARE STILL BEING 
ACCEPTED FOR. .. 

AFRICA • AUSTRALIA • CZECH REPUBLIC. 
ENGLAND • FRANCE • GERMANY. HUNGARY. 

ISRAEL • ITALY • POLAND • SPAIN 
• Courses Taught in English and Host Country 

language 
• SUCredit 
• Field Trips/Traveling Seminars 
• Internships 
• Study For A Semester, A Year, Or A Summer 
• Home Or Apartment Placements 

FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE 

Syracuse University 
Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, NY 13244-4170 

1-800-235-3472 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



8 NEWS 

A~S. MEETING NOTES 
UCB'" II~ Craig Barkacs, attorney for the disestablished University 

center Board (UCS), came to council last night to field legal questions 
conceml~ the UCS. Barkacs explained that the UCB is seekl~ "declawry 
reller with Its current suit against the university. The two issues that the 
UCB is seekil1t to clarify are that the UCB is the appropriate ~ to decide 
space allocations and that the board has the right to use student funds to 
retain independent legal counsel. 

The council then discussed the preferred method of action concerning 
the new advisory board proposed by Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph watson in Council Caucus. A major topic of debate was 
whether to send a representative to this new board, and the speakers were 
split on a decision. 

Former Fifth College Representative Andrew CIat1< slbmltted a letter to 
A.S. President Mike Homes suggesting that the council immediately move 
to form an A.S. board to advise on facilities. CIat1< added that such a board 
should be "much less h8/T1)ered by administrative constraints that can be 
unilaterally applied to the [new) Advisory Board.· 

Holmes wrote in his executive report that "Having our own A.S. Board to 
advise on facilities may also be to our advantage to provide a strol1ter 
student voice in the face of this new Advisory Board.· 

App .. • .. fII YP IxMI1IIII With the resignation of Vice President 
External Colin Wilson last week and A.S. External Executive Lobby Director 
David Kim last night, members of the Office of Extemal Affairs urged the 
council to appoint unopposed candidate Nick Endres to the VP Extemal 
position. 

Warren Junior Senator Julie Robbins objected to this. saying she wanted 
to conform to the A.S. Constitution, which requires open interviews of each 
candidate. The interviews would be conducted by the A.S. Personnel 
Committ£a. After considerable debate, the council voted to appoint Endres. 

eo..t Alac •• n= The council voted to allocate $4,000 to Program-
ming to underwrite a fundralser concert featuring Ice-T for the Royal 
Brotherhood of Excellence, an African-American men's group. The concert 
is tentatively set for May 7 in the Main Gym. 

AppoInbMID-
eMette Urbach as Fifth College Representative to the ASUCSD Rules and 
Administration Committee 

- CompIled by ElaIne Camuso, Staff Writer 

'University of California 
TAKE A STEP IN A NEW Dllll!Cf10N 

New Zealand 
Sponsored by the EDUCA110N ABROAD PROGRAM 

INFORMATION SESSION 
on New Zealand, Australia, 
StudylWork Opportunities 

Monday, April 12 
1:30-3 p.m. 

• Earn UC Credit 
• Financial Aid and 

Scholarships available 
Choose jrotrIlouUIorts Ill: 

Christchurch 
Dunedin 
Auckland 
Palmerston North 

International Center 
Conference Room 

"

Wellington 

.... 

.. -. 

Call 534-1123 or visit IheProgrtmls Abroad OJlice 
at the Intemational Center for more information 
APPLICATION DEADLINE: MAY 14 

, 

DO roo GET ALONG WELL wrru 

The UCSD Guardian 

CHARGES: 
Student Action Now 
cleared in bearing 
ContInued from pace 1 
tions took place. "I never even saw 
wbatwasonthecomputer,"Gesson 
said. 

According to Gesson, a proposal 
is a fonnulation of campaign litera-
ture, but true campaign literature is 
considered the physical material 
which can be distributed. The actual 
intention of the bylaw is to reduce 
the amount of materials plastered 
on the walls of the Pric~ Center and 
around the school, she added. 

Thursday, April 8, 1993 

"A proposal in a written fonn 
that is distributable is campaign lit-
erature," Gesson said. "If it's just a 
proposal on a computer screen, 
which obviously you're not going 
to hand out, I would hesitate to say 
that it is actually campaign litera-
ture in the sense that we're talking 
about_ 

Dan McDowell! GuatQan 
Student ActIon Now c.-.dldates Randolph SIw"""y, Carla Tesak 
and Matthew Winter make their c ... durtne the hearlnc. 

"You're not going to take the 
computer screen and tape iton to the 
walls of the Price Center," Gesson 
explained. 

Both Craig and Gesson also tes-
tified that neither of them discussed 
any aspect of the elections in the 
closed room last Friday. Tesak af-
finned this, saying that"advocation" 
was never their intent. 

"We were not talking about it or 
discussing it.lf we were able to use 
Mac's Place to type up flyers, 1 
didn't see why we couldn't use my 

personal computer," Tesak said. 
Craig maintained thal incum-

bents still have the advantage of 
A.S. office use thal their opponents 
do not have. 

"I think there is an advantage to 
be able to work in that room, just 
because of the resources. Incum-
bents always have had the advan-
tage, but that's not the point," she 
said in her closing argument. 

Tesak was pleased with the out-
come. "We proved we did not advo-
cate, since [Craig] did not read what 
was on the screen. [However 1, I still 
feel [the charges] were a low blow 
against us," she said. 

Craigsaidshestill believes that it 
was wrong for Student Action Now 
to use theA.S. offices. but more 

Education Abroad Program 

Spend 1993 
in 

Latin 
America!! 

'f 

Info Session 
(EAP and OAP programs) 

Tuesday, April 13, 1:30 
International Center 

Conference Room 

0, A D Colla Rica, Ecuador, ArgentIna, nr-' Mexico, Chile, BrIZIl...most latin 
• American countrIM 

Summer, Quarter, 
Semester, Year Options 

14 

importantly, she wanted to set a 
precedent for the future. 

"I wasn't out to get them. It was 
a matter of setting the stage, setting 
a precedence for the future. "The 
whole purpose wasn't revenge - I 
didn't wantto see them get disquali-
fied. I'm a student representative, 
and it's my obligation to report it," 
she said. 

A.S. Commissioner of Public 
Affairs Matt MayohadaIready with-
drawnhiscomplaint before the hear-
ing. 

In a letter to the Guardiall, Mayo 
wrote, "Voter attention is diverted 
from the true issues, as there is less 
candidate and media discourse about 
the issues on which the elections 
should be focused." 

L __ ~ 

VOTE! 
00 

8 ~ & .~ ..... ] ~ t: Q.) 6' • CI) ~ • 
-< .-~ ~ ~ 
"S i • 

KANGAROOS &: KOALAS? 
planes, 
trains, ~ ~ 8 ~ 

..... CONSIDIR A YIAR 
DOWN UNDIR 

with the UC Education Abroad Program 
in Australia for 1993! 

Information Session on 
Australia an:d:..;N;e~w~:::'''IIU 

Call 534-1123 or visi//he ProgrtItu AbrrHuI OJllce 
at tbe International Center for more information 
APPLICATION HlDUNE: lilY 1. 

Monday, April 12 
1:30-3 p.m. 

International Center 
Conf8nlncl 

AWiIIIIIIi 
EAANUC 
CREDIT 

automo-
biles 

and many 
other waya of 

gettin, 

around and 

pttinraway 
can be found 

in the 
Guardian 

clU1ifted.s. 
eomeHeUII, 

upstain in 
the Student 

Center, above 
theGenenl 

Store: 

$1"· 
$1"· 
$1"· 
$1"· 

fila _ m::h W/If bad 011. ~ 
Tee net inckdod. Serre .aricIioro ISIuI ... , .... ...,bo~. 
.............. 

Council TnweI 
ucso Pra (aut (by the Post Office) 

451-0630 

;> 

a 
~ 
~ 
rJ.:J. 
< ~ 
~ 
00 
.~ 

:§ 
F4 

....... 

~ ~ 
r:n ~ 

== 
~ 
~ 

• 

;.... 
~ 

~ 
u 

~ 

~ 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • APR I L 8, I 9 9 3 

Phoco COUII8Sy of Manipuri Culluraf AI1s Troupe • 

Indian troupe uses dance, 

music and martini arts in 

performances 
JeFF NIESEL 

HIATUS EDITOR 

.-!.-!I he popularity of world music has made tradi-
tional sounds from places such as Africa, Ja-
maica and Australia accessible to American 
audiences. But often the music from these coun-
tries has been westernized and includes rock 
hannonies or employs electronic instruments 
such as synthesizers. Although it might appear 

that Western culture now exists throughout the world, 
there is evidence that it has not reached every comer of the 
globe . 

The Ranganiketan Manipuri Cultural Arts Troupe, 
which hails from Manipur, India, is one example of a 
culture that is still intact, partially due to the remoteness 
of its geographical location. In 1881 , Manipur was one of 
the last parts of India to be conquered by the British. Since 
then, it has been a restricted area The self-sufficient 
region in the Himalayas is accessible only by plane and 
train and has strict visa laws which limit visitation peri-
ods. 

The Ranganiketan Manipuri Cultural Arts Troupe was 
fonnedin 1989and went on world tours in I 990 and 1991. 
The troupe iscurrentJyon its third world tour and will play 
in Mandeville Auditorium Saturday at 8 p.m. Dr. T.D. 
Singh, the group's director, was born in Manipur in 1937 
and studiedalthe University ofCalifomiaat Irvine, where 
he earned his Ph.D. in Physical Organic Chemistry in 
1974. Singh is also a singer and poet and fonned the 
Cultural Arts Troupe to preserve his culture as well as 
share it with the rest of the world. "Cultural art is a very 

See MANIPUR, page H4 

INDECENT PROPOSAL fiLM REVIEW: B2 BLACKSMITH UIIOI: D4 



HIATUS 2 . 

Director Adrian 
Lyne s latest fihn 
about trying to 
buy love fails to 

live up to his 
previous efforts 

Thunday. April 8. 1993 

Photo Courtesy of Da'iid Jamesil'<l'amoond Pictures 
Woody Harrelson confronts DemI Moore and Robert Redford In Adrian Lyne's Indecent ProposaL 

T he new romantic drarna/ndecenr Proposal is not that "indecent" after all- the film is hardly as shocking as the title suggests. The theme about selling oneself 
and the limits to what money can buy directly parallel last 
year's Honeymoon in Vegas. The message in both films is that 
all things, even people, can be bought and sold. 

Indecent Proposal tells the story of a happily-married 
couple challenged by the difficult times of the recession until 
they face an offer that instantly changes their lives. Like James 
Caan 's character in Honeymoon in Vegas, John Gage (Robert 
Redford) is the older multi-millionaire who spots an attractive 
young woman (Demi Moore) and decides that he must have 
her. It is unclear whether he wants her because shereminds him 
of someone in his past or simply because she is beautiful- he 
simply sees his prize and aims to buy it. Gage eventually 
succeeds in intruding upon the happy lives of Diana (Moore) 
and David Murphy (Woody Harrelson) and soon destroys 
their stable maniage. 

Director Adrian Lyne has explored such devastating ex-
tremes before in films such as FatalAttraction and 9 112 Weeks, 

movies in which the characters' moral judgement disappears 
during moments of temptation. Lyne also directed Jacob's 
Ladder, a film which works on a different level as it deals with 
complex emotions that seem to distort the normal, everyday 
flow of consciousness. One main difference, however, is the 
lack of intimate scenes. Although the "indecent proposal" is 
implicitly a request for sex, it is never explicitly shown, 
making this film less intense and erotic than Lyne's others. 

The decision the couple makes is also not portrayed in a 
very convincing manner. The Murphys initially react to the 
proposal with disgust, but during a sleepless night each 
ponders the situation, focusing on the so-called American 
dream and their lack of money. Choosing to participate in the 
deal to overcome their economic hardship, they end up testing 
and eventually sacrificing their values in the face of tempta-
tion. Although their love appears invincible in the beginning, 
the scenario quickly changes and the strong union between 
them vanishes. 

The subsequent emotional effects of their decision have a 
strong impact on their lives that is believable: however, 

COMING TO SAN DIEGO FOR ONE DAY ONLY: 

LT.D. SHOW BIZ SEM*WlS 
The seminar that coven every aspect of ~ 

the Enter10inment Business ... 
Featuring .... , .. r."".,. . 

Formerty President of Tepper-GaIegos Costing. 
Also appearing a Top Hollywood Talent Agent. 

Saturday April 17 1993 of till' HClr1cJlery Hotel In Son Diego 
For Rpspr.atlorlS coil 800·546·9020 Me Visa umltM ~nrollment 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 

Diana's feelings change too suddenly to be convincing. Her 
switch from David to Gage lacks any real persuasive motiva-
tion, creating a character without credibility and making the 
viewer question her decision in the end. 

On the other hand, David's character does offer moments 
of convincing grief and suffering. With much less film expe-
rience than his co-stars, Harrelson produces intensity during 
the climax of the film when he has second thoughts about their 
decision. His jealousy and obsessive behavior recalls that of 
Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction. 

The triangle presented in Indecent Proposal is never com-
pletely closed. Gage is tempting only because of his money, 
good looks and presumably exceptional lovemaking skills. He 
reveals very little about himself, playing the stranger who has 
something mysterious to offer which other men do not. It's 
hard to believe that this is what manages to destroy a sturdy 
marriage, and it's difficult to avoid wondering what the point 
of the film is. The ending does not help to clarify this at all, but 
only offers one more cliche. 

-Care UdeI 

HIATUS 3 The UCSD Guardian 

U PC 0" II G 
T 0 DAY 

Leap of Falfh, starring Steve 
Martin as a crazed televangelist, 
will be shown in the Price Cen-
ter Theatre at 6:30, 9 and 11:30 
p.m. Tickets are $2, $1 in ad-
vance. Info: 534-6467. 

Inspired by the current plague 
of documentary television, the 
Belgian film ,."", an.. Dt¥ 
opens today at the Ken Cinema 
and will play through April 14. 
Controversial and rated NC- I 7, 
the film will take you on a trip 
with a poetry-reciting profes-
sional killer. Info: 283-5909. 

Human Rights, a band led by 
former Bad Brains singer Jo-
seph I, will perform at the Belly 
Up Tavern in SoianaBeachat9 
p.m. with Subime and Afri-
can Unity. Tickets are $8. Info: 
481 -9022. 

FRIDAY 
Michael W. Smith, a popu-
lar Christian singer, will play 
with DC T .. at 8 p.m. in the 
Sports Arena. Tickets range 
from $18.50 to $24.50. Info: 
232-1312. 

The local band Schmaltz per-
forms with Bad Mood Zeus 
at the Casbah at 9 p.m. Info: 
294-9033. 

SRTURDAY 
Superchunk, a band that is 
touted to be the next Nirvana, 
plays with Come, Fluff and 
T ........ '. Water at 8 p.m. at 
SOMA 'in downtown San Di-
ego. Tickets are $6. Info: 278-
SOMA. 

Eighteen performing artists from 
Manipur,lndia, will be perform-
ing "Journey to the 
HImalayas of IncIa," a con-
cert of music, dance and martial 
arts. The show starts at8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium, and 
tickets for students are $1 O. Info: 
490-1168. 

The band lroko will perform 
African and Afro-Cuban music 
at Martin Luther King, Jr. Park 
at I p.m. Admission is free. Info: 
262-2817. 

Two artists from L.A., DIsci-
pine and Duchess de Sade, 
perform with Meat Wagon 
and San QuentIn at The Spirit 
at 8 p.m. Duchess is known for 
combining S&M and cabaret 
while advocating safe sex. Info: 
276-3993. 

SUIDRY 
The 8th Annual Easter Hat 
P ..... will begin at the comer 
of Girard and Prospect Streets in 
downtown La Jolla at 2 p.m. 
There will be prizes from local 
merchants and free balloons. 

TUESDAY 
The newest alternative rock "dis-
covery" Soul Asylum plays 
tonight at Montezuma Hall, 
SDSU, at 8:00 p.m. with special 
guest The Meat Puppets. 
Tickets are $16.50 for students. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Australian film The Nun 
lind the Bandit will play at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium as part oflntemational Style 
film festival.Tickets for students 
are $4 and passes for the series 
are $25. Info: 534-6467. 

N[DIESDAY 
Ildle plays with ElectrIc 
Kool Aid at the Casbah at 9 
p.m. Tickets are $4. Info: 294-
9033. 

MAY 1· SATURDAY· 8PM· MANDEVILLE AUD. 
~ PRlSENn~,Y~f!~f~~S~TY~![U~!F;I~!4-6467 7iCUr~6d __ • WITH SUPPORT, IN PART, tY FUNPS PROVIPEP BY -=::-..;:::.;;.'=.=--THE CAU FORNIA ARTS COUNCIL .1.~~,7,.!;,:rlX. 

Perlormance Artis' & Sculptor 

SHA SHA HIGBY 

THERTER 
San Dieao Repertory The-
atre: "Always ... Patsy Oine" is 
a musical based on the singer's 
special relationship with a fan . 
Directed by Ted Swindley, the 
show runs from April 7 through 
April 24, Tuesday to Saturday at 8 
p.m., Sundaysat2 p.m. and 7 p.m. 
Tickets are $18-$24. Info: 235-
8025. 

Patio Playhouse Theatre: 
Jo Rubin directs Stephen 
Sondheim's "A Little Night Mu-
sic." The play continues through 
April 18. Performances are Fri-
day and Saturday at 8 p.f\I. and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets are $12. 
Info: 746-6669. 

GALLERI[S 
Grove Gallery: "Ceramic Fig-
ures of Ocumicho: In Conjunc-
tion With NCECA '93." The ex-
hibit will be on display through 
April l7. Gallery hours are Tues-

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 

day through Friday, 10 to 5 p.m. 
and Saturday, 10 to 2 p.m. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-2021. 

MIIeeUI1I of PhotatInPI* 
Arb: "I Dream a World: Por-
traits of Black Women Who 
Changed America" features por-
traits of 75 influential African-
American women and is on dis-
play until April 28. The museum 
is open daily from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Admission is $3. Info: 239-
5262. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La FronterafThe Border: 
Art about the Mexico/United 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in painting, sculpture, pho-
tography, installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541. 

~G.ery:"Ceramic 
Variations: Three Installations" 
features the work of Tre Arenz, 
Rachel Clawson and Barry 
Matthews. The exhibit includes a 
variety of ceramic figues, includ-
ing animals, tiles and house forms. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m., 
Tuesday through Sunday. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-2860. 

Mandeville Annex Gallery: 
The workofstudentsAmirHariri, 
Andrew West and Quico Encinias 
will be on display through April 
9. There will be a reception for the 
artists at 8 p.m. on Friday. Gallery 
hours are noon to 5 p.m., Monday 
through Friday. Info: 534-3102. 

a sptare 
nmpanv 

APRIL 15 • THURSDAY 
8PM • MANDEVILLE AUD. 

IS COMING ... 
Muy 2nd • Sunday • 7pm 

Mandeville Recital Hall 
~ ALLN~~~~ ~~e ~ebuceb ~qakespeare ~O. 
u~ ~ APRIL 16· FRIDAY • 8PM • MANDEVILLE AUD. 

presarted by University Events Office & Calif. Am Counc~ (y~ 8:::s'" UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 



BlAres 4 

From 3-6 pm ~ through 
Friday with student ID h h 
Two complete dinne" for only 
$9.90 with ltudent ID 
Good thrv 6/30/93 toot 112 

OLD TOWN / SAN DIEGO • 298-0133 

NOW PLAYING 
pACNnCrI.a ••• altT 
~'_THX IXI 
8555Flelchef Pkwy al Jackson 

4!;6'WOI 

.... c--..w.TWaftll IXI 
.1 SwlwtJ T C Shoo C. 

1805.,Sweetw. t. 474 8511 

__ -._?THX lID 
CImIno A..tIz II Mr& Mesa BI .... d 

nelCltoTwget 689 ()61 
• __ LU:O.T ... lID 
69" 1 EIComro ...... Col",*, 

431 t990 

...nD_n 
~~THX lID 

No TeracePlaza levet3 23.04 4661 
__ I11X1 

Hotel c.c ........ SO(In Valley 29. 2121 

The UCSD Guardian 

HllJM 
REVIEWS 

Thursday, April 8, 1993 

Blacksmith Union 
Magic Maggie Healing DoU 

M ost people hip to the San Diego music scene will recognize the name of 
Blacksmith Union, a band which 
just released its second independent 
album, Magic Maggie Healing Doll, 
currently available at Assorted Vi-
nyl, CD Sounds and To\}'er Records. 
The local quanet- vocalistlguitar-
ist Paul Painter, lead guitarist Chris 
Hoffee, drummer Bill Graham and 
new bassist Ben Farkas - has built 
a loyal following over the past few 
years with consistently impressive 
live gigs. The band draws large 
crowds in San Diego, as well as 
audiences in Los Angeles and other 
West Coast cities. 

With songs that address philo-

sophical nuances and existential 
conundrums, Blacksmith Union's 
music is deeper and less identifiable 
than many local alternative bands. If 
it falls under any category, it would 
probably be classified with the folk-
rock soundofbands such as R.E.M., 
Toad The Wet Sprocket and Hot-
house Aowers. 

Blacksmith Union circumvents 
pressure to commercialize its sound 
with conventional choruses and 
catchy melodies, developing instead 
a unique style that emphasizes the 
strengths of each musician. Magic 
Maggie Healing Doll for the most 
part succeeds in deli vering a power-
ful follow-up to their debut. One of 
Blacksmith Union's primary sources 

Lenny Kravitz 

of charm stems from their genuine 
and straightforward approach to both 
its music and its audience. Despite 
its growing popularity, the band 
manages to maintain an originality 
that many alternative bands lose as 
they gain recognition. 

The emotionally-charged vocals 
of Painter, combined with Hoffee's 
subdued yet intricate guitar riffs and 
Graham's powerful drumming style, 
form an intense and soothing musi-
cal tapestry. With its second release, 
Blacksmith Union continues to make 
headway toward national recogni-
tion, and one would be well advised 
to see them perform live while they 
are still a local band. 

- Alexa Shenn .. 

Are You Gonna Go My Way 
".......~ 

O n his third and best album, Lenny Kravitz boldly faces the past. He not only 
exploits the musical influences of 
'60s and '70s rock, but comes close 
to a complete duplication. 

For Kravitz, the mere vestiges of 
classic rock are notenough. Sure, he 
and his studio cohorts take their 
fashion cues from Sly and the Fam-
ily Stone, but Kravitz goes the whole 
way on this retro-release. Accord-
ingtoarecentGQarticle.thealbum's 
uncanny Beatles-Zeppelinesque 
timbre may be due to the fact that 
Kravitz actually uses the same equip-
ment. The recording was done 
through a circa-1968 analog mixer 
that may have been used by the Fab 
Four. Add to this the swirling drum 
phasers, the heavy crunch of a 
Marshall stack and lyrics chalk full 
of hippie idealism, and you may 

find yourself double checking the 
year on your calender. 

None of this, of course, detracts 
from the album. Kravitz is a sea-
soned and impressive songwriter. 
The album opens up with" Are You 
Goona Go My Way," a rollicking 
foot-stomperofasong which brings 
Hendrix to mind and is topped off 
with an immaculate Jimmy Page-
style solo. Thankfully, Kravitz uti-
lized his own formidable guitar tal-
ent on this effort and did not invite 
his friend Slash back to the studio, 
whose sub-par soloing did not add 
much to Mama Said. 

Kravitz draws on a variety of 
classic styles to round out his re-
lease. Songs like "Black Girl" and 
"Heaven Help" have traces of 
Motown, but are, at the same time, 
convincing enough not to be kitschy. 
Some of the album's strongest mo-

ments are the Beatles-Iike harmo-
nies on "Believe" and "My Love." 

Kravitz doesn't have much to 
say to the world in terms of fresh 
social messages - just the usual 
stuff about peace, love and under-
standing. Kravitz also forgets that 
the music of the '60s and '70s that 
he loves so much was done by bands, 
not individual wunderkinds who 
play half the instruments on the 
album themselves. All Kravitz's 
albums lack the consistent sense of 
a band. 

In any case, Kravitz has released 
a fun album that warrants repeated 
listening. And judging from the cur -
rent sorry material of musical dino-
saurs like Paul McCartney and 
Ringo Starr, Kravitz may be the one 
to bring classic rock into the next 
century, 

-David Snow 

MANIPUR: Group comes from remote region 
Continued from pace HI 
significant part of life," Singh said. 
"People from various comers of the 
world will become much closer to 
each other, in friendship and under-
standing, through the universaIlan-
guage of an and culture." 

The actual performance consists 
of three parts: marticll arts, music 
and dance. The form of manial arts 
practiced by Manipuri men and 
women is called Thang Ta and con-
sists of fighting with swords and 
spears and wrestling. Although it is 
actually a form of self-defense, 
Thang Ta has been adapted for the 
concens, and the demonstrations are 

so rigorous that performers are some-
times injured. 
. The musical segment of the show 

features the unique singing style of 
the Manipuri, whic~ is thought to 
have changed little over the years. 
The vocals are sung in a variety of 
ranges which sometimes resemble 
yodeling. The songs generally 
change tempo as the content be-
comes more emotional. 

One of the dances is called the 
Rasa Lila, which the Manipuris 
claim has religious significance that 
can only be understood by those of 
the Vaishnava faith. Other dances 
are designed to celebrate gods and 

goddesses and depict the creation of 
the world. They are set to the music 
of the pena and dholok, two instru-
ments native to Manipur. 

The Ranganiketan Manipuri 
Cultural Arts Troupe is scheduled 
to perform at the Kennedy Center in 
Washington, D.C. and the EPCOT 
Center at Walt Disney World in 
Horida in 1994, making the perfor-
mance at Mandeville Auditorium 
all the more significant. Who knows, 
after Disney World, the group may 
never be the same. 

Student tickets for the concert 
are $10. Call 534-4559 for more 
information. 

Thursday, April 8, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 9 

MAYBE UCSD SHOULD CUTBACK ON TOILET PAPER AS WELL 
Edilor: 

The bureaucracy at UCSD has 
demonstrated once again that it suf-
fers from a profound collective 
thought disorder. Last month during 
Women's History Month, signs be-
gan appearing in the women's 

~btKHnstluoughoutcampussuumg 
that tampon and sanitary napkin dis-
pensers would no longer be stocked 
because of the ongoing budget prob-
lems. 

Perhaps this is just another dem-
onstration of the problems of special-
ization in the postmodcm world A 
decision such as this, besides disre-
garding a number of public health 
considerations, demonstrates once 
again that, aside from the fact that the 
majority of the campus community of 
faculty, staff and students consists of 
women, the majority of policy deci-
sions are made by men. 

During the two years that I served 
as President of Women's Caucus in 
the mid-I 980s,Iengaged in the ''Tam-
pon Wars." I commented sarcasti-
cally in a memo to someone in upper-
level administration that it might have 
been my most important symbolic 
battle. As a result of briefly winning 
that war, since about 1987, campus 
women have been supplied with free 
sanitaIy products just as all of us are 
supplied with free toilet paper. All of 
that ended last month, a mere six 
years later. 

I've considered a variety of strat-
egies since I saw the first sign in the 
restroom of the Chancellor's com-
plex about three weeks ago: Thmgs 
like a month-long "bleed-in," for m-
stance, where women would dress 

during "that time of month" in old 
clothes, simply going with the flow 
and marking the campus in unmistak-
able ways about how widespread this 
natural event for women is. 

Knowmg that such an idea brmgs 
immediate revulsion and discomfon 
to many, I considered a "mail-in" 
where women dropped their used sani-
tary products into a Ziploc bag and 
shipped them through campus mail 
directly to the Chancellor's Office to 
give him an estimate of the scale of 
this biological event. 

Butl've decided to become a team 
player more often these days, and so 
what I'm proposing is in the spirit of 
cooperating in looking for solutions 
to the terrible budget crisis facing 
UCSD. I suggest that we stop stock-
ing not only women's sanitary prod-
ucts but toilet paper as well. 

I don't know what the average 
toilet paper bill is for UCSD, bull will 
estimate thatthe uni versity uses about 
one roll of toilet paper each week for 
every two persons on campus. With 
about 30,000 students, faculty and 
staff, this amounts to 15,000 rolls of 
toilet paper a week. 

Not knowing a wholesale price 
per roll , I' ll guess about 15 cents. 
That 's $9,000 a month or $108,000 a 
year that we could save the university 
by providing our own. 

There would be other economic 
benefits to this proposal: A market 
would be created for a whole new 
product line including designer con-
tainers for carrying your own per-
sonal supply of toilet paper with a 
number of catchy product names like 
"Macho," "Testostorag ," or "Power 

ncnorsp asn '9J 
The S.S. Delta Gamma 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
Paper;" the Sunshine store could make 
additional proftt by stocking personal 
supplies of toilet paper; there would 
be labor costs saved as custodians no 
longer had to fight with the people-
proof toilet paper dispensers to re-
stock them; paperwork could be re-
duced by not having to purchase the 
supply; storage problems would be 
reduced by not having to store the 
bulky cartons of toilet paper. But most 
importantly, we would all be pitching 
in to help with the budget problem. 

So I say to you, do your part for 
UCSD today. Get paper trained for 
the '90s. 

Elaine R. Brooks, M-S_W. 
Department of Psychiatry 

. A Few Thoughts On 
.....ofConcem 
Editor: 

I'd like to use your letters page to 
address a couple of issues of concern 
to students at UCSD. 

• Interview with Vice Chancellor 
Watson (March 29): I want to put on 
public record my disappointment with 

Dr. Watson's comments regardmg 
the co-ops and their members. In the 
article, Dr. Watson said that the co-
ops "have been overrun by a few 
students and non-students who have 
used them to further their own limited 
interests." 

The fact is that the co-ops are 
completely open to all students who 
ascribe to the principles of the indi-
vidual co-op' s charters. I am tired of 
having to remind the administration 
that the co-ops are ftrst and foremost 
political student organizations; spe-
cifically this means that the co-ops 
are committed to a non-hierarchical 
mode of organization. As long as an 
individual is not out to destroy or 
subven the raison d' etre of a co-op, 
they are more than welcome to fully 
participate. 

The accusation that people in the 
co-ops "j ust hire their buddies" is thus 
insulting and totally groundless. As 
p~ident of the Graduate Student 
Association (GSA) and a member of 
Groundwork Books, I can state with 
absolute confidence that the co-ops 
are run by some of the most sincere, 
honestandcommittedAmericansthat 
I have had the pleasure to meet since 
my arrival in the United States about 
a year and a half ago. 

Second, Dr. Watson's view that 
fee increases are necessary and desir-
able is unforgivable coming from a 
senior member of the administration. 
When are our senior administrators 
going to take a stand in defense of 
public higher education? The notion 
of a 10K race to raise money is cute 
from a PR point of view but does 
nothing to address the crisis which 

the university faces. 
• Cuts: A decision was recently 

taken by Physical Plant to eliminate 
sanitary services - in the form of 
tampon machines-in women 's~t­
rooms on the entire campus. The GSA 
is workmg to reverse this decision. 
Besides the fact that a mere $50,000 is 
expected to be saved - hardly a 
substantial enough savings to justify 
the hardship this cut in services will 
cause for women at UCSD - the 
provision of basic health services like 
these should be a top priority for the 
administration. 

• UCB: The courts ruled last Fri-
day that the administration does not 
have to reestablish the University 
Center Board (UCB), but the case is 
not yet lost. Another hearing will 
occur in May to hear the origmal suit 
brought by the students. 

It's my view that if our facilities 
board is reduced to a mere advisory 
committee, we should immediately 
launch a campaign to de-assess the 
$37.50 per quarter fee. The bottom 
line must be this - if the administra-
tion wants total control of campus 
facilities then they should have to pay 
for them. 

Students, in tum, are prepared to 
pay allthecosts in return foranagreed-
upon degree of control with defmite 
procedures for veto by the adminis-
tration. This would be best achieved 
by making the facilities board a unit 
of student government with account-
ability through the officers and coun-
ci Is of the GSA and the A.S. 

Patrick Carroll 
President. 

Graduate Student Association 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get. 
beUer bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
'with this ad. Offer explr.s 4122193. 

, AEROBICS • LFECYa.ES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEIIOI( STEPS 
·STAIAIIASTEAS • ClEAN AHOSPACIOUS 
, NAUTl.US • PERSONAl INSTRUCTION 

• 41&ES FROM CAIIPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wilds, behind Famous Footwear) 

483-9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

FbI ,;,it1ncetlllYH1 

HOT AIR BALLOONING 
IN EUROPE 

,----
I 
I 

----------------, 

2TANs$1: : 
(and San Diego) 

I CREW WANTED I 
Male and Female 

July and August, 1993 
Training in April/May 

Must be friendly, adventurous, fun loving, and a little crazy. No experience 
necessary. 
We will be flying daily in Sweden, Denmark, Holland, France, Luxembourg, 
and Switzerland for 8 weeks. Join us for all or part of the trip. 
Also need crew for flights In San Diego starting May 1 st. 

Contact Jerry at Seaboard expeditions 
(619)438-1499 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days ~S991 I 

Wolff 6ed5. Facial Ta"rle1"5 I I 
'----- ---

___ ~!:~.tQo~~) ___ __ J 
,------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ I/ostinches, and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it!" 
I LoM at ItIIt 6" or you don't payl - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercise or dletlnc. Not a temporary water lou. I 
I GOLDEN mWGlE u Jolla . rt. lCIINI Hlicrnt I 
I ~r~ ~~2 22+9727 296-7()()4 I :32~t Holiday Ct. I acr0!l5 5t~ from EI r onto r'acH'1c: I5eac:h MI!I&1on Valley Seato CoIIeto I ~55-0909 ~1-9060 542-0391 697-80~ 

~---_____ ~~~.~~~~ ________ J . 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1993 

A.S. 
Elections 

Main Gym 
Steps 

Price Cente 
By ATMs 

Sun God 
By AP&M 

IF YOU CAN' 
AFFORD TO TRAVEL, 

OIN THE CWB. 

Traveling doesn't have to mean s~ hotels that cost 5200 a night. With 
a Hostelling International card you can stay in Paris for just $16, New York for 
$19 or Tokyo for 523. Hostels even offer special discounts on everything from 
museum fees and ski lifts to air, rail and lerry tickets. Plus they have hilly 
equipped do-it-yourself kitchens, which not only save you money but also are 
greai lor meeting fellow world travelers. So if you're Ioolcing for a less expensive 
way to travel, join the club. Call 619-338-9983 

HOSTEWNG INTERNATIONAl. A 
T1te MIll .,," of."",.,..' of IItt ,.,,,,,,,,_, Youlh Hosltl FtJIn.,Nm. 

Of write to: 
American Youth Hostels 

335 West Beech Street 
San Diego, CA 92101 

H05nWNG 
IHnIlNATIONAL' 

a 
laid 
you? 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment 

231·1110 

A friend? ... 
Your sister? ... 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care, .. anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for SrDs and 
HI'/, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

When you care 
about your health 
... word gets around. 

Plalled Parillbild 
If IIIIIIII CIIIII 

Thunday, April 8, 1993 

Tritons 
Look to 
Rebound 
SOFIBALI.: Hant-luck 
UCSD seeking to change 
its fortunes in home event 
By OnICI Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

After a disappointing start to the 
year, the UCSO softball team begins to 
wind down its season today by hosting 
the UCSD Triton Classic Tournament 
A 1O-team event that will feature 25 
games on two fields by Satwday, the 
classic is UCSO's biggest regular sea-
son affair. 

With teams from as far away as 
Minnesota. the hard-luck Tritons will 
be hard-pressed to improve on their 
early season fortunes. Amongthetearns 
attending will bercspected St Benedict's 
(Minnesota), and nationally-ranked La 
Verne and Cal Lutheran. 

But UCSD Head Coach Patricia 
Gerckens is treating this tournament as 
any another weekend of softball. 'This 
is just a continuation of the season. 
We'll have good competition and I look 
for us 10 play well. Maybe conununi-
cate a little better and start hitting some 
more," the coach said 

Gerckens will have to.deal with 
pressure from within the team as well. 
"Our hitting has improved the last few 
games, but we' re still putting too much 
pressure on ourselves. We're getting 
fruslratedand we have to get over that," 
Gerckens explained. 

After a 6-2,2-1 doubleheader loss to 
Division II Riverside last Saturday, 
Gerc;kenstoTd her players that they need 

BASEBAIJ4: 
Streaking Tritons 
sweep Redlands 
ContInued from pace 16 
making the score 5-4. 

Redlands and UCSD traded runs 
in the fifth, when Dustin Brinley 
had an RBI single and Quandt an-
swered with an RBI single of his 
own in the bottom ofthe fifth. In the 
bottom ofthe sixth, UCSO fans got 
their first real look at the power of 
newcomer Dan O'Brien, as he de-
livered a towering blast over the 
left field wall, tying the score at 6-
6. 

With Luhrsen cruising the rest 
of the way, the Tritons took the lead 
in the seventhth on a two-run triple 
by Miyake off Summa (2-2), and in 
the eighth, put the game away with 
five runs. The inning saw a squeeze 
bunt by Arban, an RBI triple by 

, Aaron, and a two-run double by 
O'Brien. Luhrsen (4-3) finished 
off the Bulldogs in the ninth, and 
UCSO had tak~n the first game, 13-
6. 

For O'Brien, the homer was his 
second during his shon stint with 
the Tritons, and he is rapidly begin-
ning to feel at home with the club. 

"I felt really lucky to be able to 
join the team in the spring, and I'm 
just really excited about our young 
club. I'mjust looking to hitthe ball 
hard and drive in some runs -
anything I can do to help out the 
team ," said 0' Brien after the game. 

Added Miyake, "He's a really 
solid third baseman, and with me at 
second, we have a really solid 
double-play combination with me 
and Eric Quandt." 

One win wasn't enough for the 
Tritons; they went out and pounded 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
UCSD needs clutch hIttInC from EmIly Rubin In the Trtton Clauic. 
to have more confidence in themselves. situation, second baseman Lisa Gill 
"We can't give up and it's important will probably take the mound during 
that they know I still believe in the team the tournament '1 approached her to 
and the season isn't shot. If I don't do it, and [Gill] will do anything to help 
believe in them,then what's the point of the team out," Gerckens said 
coming out here?" she said With today's game at USD, the 

The Tritons' task was not made any Tritons will have to wait until Friday to 
easier with an injury to starting pitcher show off their new look to the home 
Cathy O'Connor. With only II play- crowd Gerckens will also be looking 
ers, including o'Connor, on the roster, for two other key elements. 
injuries could kill UCSD. "We have to get past the first inning 

o'Connor will be out for an indefl- without digging ourselves into a hole. 
nite amount of time, leaving freshman Andwehavetostartmakingtheroutine 
Kristy McCauley as the only pitcher plays. It's not the tough ones that get us, 
available to the Tritons. To help the it's the routine ones," she said 

the Bulldogs in the second game on 
Wednesday, 8-3. 

Mark Hanmann got his chance 
on the mound, and he came through 
in a big way, throwing seven shut-
out innings at Redlands before tir-
ing in the eighth. Once again, it was 
O'Brien providing the big blow 
early, as he delivered a first-inning 
double to left that scored Miyake. 
Magdaleno then sent a flyball to 
right field, which rightfielder Chadd 
Cook lost in the sun, allowing 
O'Brien to score the second Triton 
run. 

It was deja vu all over again in 
the second, when O'Brien came up 
with a double to right field, which 
Cook lost in the sun again, and 
Miyake came home easily. Miyake 
had driven in Quandt earlier with a 
double of his own. 

UCSD tallied another run in the 
fifth when Miyake scored on a wild 
pitch by staner Scott Sasser (4-2). 

The Tritons put Redlands away 
in the seventh. With two outs, 
Magdaleno reached on an error by 
leftfielder Matt Figueroa. ,Then Pat 
Han, whom hitting coach Mike 
Floyd says has "shown the greatest 
improvement over the course of the 
season" as a hitter, delivered his 
second hit of the game. Craig Birk 
drove in Magdaleno with a bloop 
single, and Arban walked, spelling 
the end for Sasser. 

Tom Taylor came in, and his 
lack of control allowed UCSD to 
tally a few more runs. Taylor deliv-
ered a wild pitch which scored Hart. 
Then, in the midst of walking 
Abramson, Arban strayed off sec-
ond far enough to draw a throw 
from catcher Brian White. The 
throw missed second base by some 
30 feet, as Arban scampered to third, 
and B irk scored. 

Hartmann took this 8-0 lead into 
the eighth, but couldn't preserve 
the shutout. when he tired and got 
roughed up. A single, an error, a 
couple of walks, and a hit batsman 
added up to three runs for Redlands 
(15-9), but freshman Marc Abrams 
came on to shut down the rally . 
Abrams (I-I, 0.75 ERA), who has 
been sharp in relief, earned his first 
save as a Triton, going the last Ph 
innings, giving UCSD an 8-5 vic-
tory and the series sweep. 

It was a huge series for UCSD, 
putting the team into serious play-
off contention. At 10-10-1, the Tri-
tons have reached the .500 mark for 
the first time this season, and with 
everything coming together as it 
has, Head Coach Lyle Yates be-
lieves his team can make a serious 
run at the playoffs. 

"We dug ourselves such a gi-
gantic hole early on, and now we're 
in a position where we can control 
our own destiny. We did not think 
we'd be talking playoffs until '94, 
but now, we're focused on '93," 
said an upbeat Yates following 
Wednesday's game. 

One down side to the game was 
yet another casualty to an already 

, injury-riddled team. Buu Aaron 
reinjured his sore ankle while slid-
ing into second on a stolen base, 
and was taken out of the game as a 
precautionary measure. 

UCSO has now won eight of its 
last 10 ballgames, and everything is 
clicking. But a stem test is on the 
horizon. The Tritons play their next . 
II games on the road, before finally 
returning home in early May. If the 
offense keeps pounding out runs 
and the pitching holds up, fanscould 
be talking playoffs come May upon 
their return. 

Said Yates, "I'm a believer." 

SPORTS 11 

B~ on The Masters 
GOLF: Tritoos finish second at UC Irvine Invitatiooal 
By orea Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

What'snextf<X1heUCSDgolfteam? 
The way the Tritons are playing, they 
might as well book the earliest fliglu for 
Augusra right now. The team -traveled 
to Big Canyon Country Qub in Irvine 
on Monday roc the UC Irvine Invita-
tional, where it earned its best finish 
ever, a second-place tally. 

That is second out of 17 teams, only 
three which were Division ill squads. 
The Tritons shot a sizzling 299 in the 
morning before being slowed some-
what by gusty winds in the afternoon 
and settling for a score of 311. The 
combined tota\ of 610 was only five 
strokes off of the leading UC Irvine A 
team. Big Canyon is the Anteaters' 
home course, while the Tritons visit 
only once a year. 

UCSO finished ahead of golf fac-
tory Cal State Stanislaus, which was 
picked to finish third in Division n. '1t 
wascamage," Head Coach Mike Wydra 
said. 

At first glance, Big Canyon was no 
place for the Tritons to be thinking of an 
upset The par -72 course is a ITlOI'QroUS 
7,018 yards with thick rough and undu-
lating greens. '11' s diabo\ica1.Instead of 
Big Canyon it should be called Big 
Problem Counay Qub," Wydra said. 

The top finisher for UCSO was Jer-
emy Moe, who finished fourth overaJl 
with a 76 in themoming and a 75 in the 
nightcap to recorda 151. The runner-up 
Triton, Tom "Juwan" Brown, fmished 
ninth overall with a 153. Dale Abraham 
started the day on fue, coming home in 
an even-par 72, only to have some 
trouble in theaftemoon and fmishing at 
) 54. Pete Roberts and Brock Shafer 
both ended up the day at 157. 

From the top to bottom finisher, the 
distance between Tritons was a mere 
six strokes. by far the best team group-
ing of any of the other schools. "That 
kind of score is very rare for a college 
team," Wydra said "It proves that this 
team has a lot of depth. It was a fabulous 
fmish." 

eso ESCORT 534-WALK 
,6:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Sale, Don't Walk Alone! 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW·s and AUDI·s 
.a;. ~ Master Mechanics ~_ 

exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 
.70 Mlraam Bad • 4Il0-l414 

Air • W • .., Cooled • lIaimenanc. ServicIe • AIr Conditioning. Tune-Up. 
AebuHt Engi,. • Gas. DiIMI· Electrical· ClutchM • BraItM • Valv .. 

Local.clln the Autopcxt Mal • MIIamCIr 
Nert Doot to DisCOII1t "9 

EXPIRES 6/15/93 

Jg"" ~Ir Week 
~prn 11-19 

Sun, Apr. 11 th 
*Scottid'l Rng 8pm Muir Quad 

Mon, Apr. 12'h 
*PacrQ BcrnGiTailgatQ 

Wed, Apr. 14th 
*HappyHocs 

Hard Rock Cafe 4pm-6pm 
*J..VQ'~ ...JorriQ 8:30pm TOQ 

John Muir Theatre Troupe 
Thurs, Apr. 15th 

~st.ow8pmTOQ 
Fri, Apr. 16'" 

*SJ;ring Rng ~vit:~ 

"Trust in tbe Lord witb 
ail your beart. " 

YAK.MONO 
Japan •••• Food . 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLlA COLONY PlAzA) 
7n13 Re2ents Rd. (Vons Shopping Center) 
Tal. ellA -'ttl.. w, _ .. caIIring ........ 452-4255 

L HOllIS; 11:10"',. ...... lIIn.). 11:10 _10,. fr. & IIt.J. H .. ~ .J 
--------------------

J 

' . 



12 ClASSD'DDS 

Do you need .. on-ampua NcUry 
PublIc? If 10, C111587 -1811. (1/4-81 
3) 
International Hou.. I. • gr .. t 
croIHUltural living opportunltyl 
AppIIcaIions for 1883184 av8l11b1e 
at the FIfth College 0fIIce of R8II-
denct Ute. Jr., Sr. or Grad stand-
Ing required. Due 4121. (3129-41 
15) 
.... policy 8ffIcta all Womenl 
Women'. .sanItary products· no 
longer available for free or for coins 
In campus reatroom .. If you object, 
let them know by sending letter or 
clean, unused product from home 
to Sr. SUpt. of CUstodial ServIces, 
mall code 0908. (411-418) 

These 
advertisers make you. 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCID CLOTHI,. 
ADZ (3110,.) .............. 450-3323 
Falrmair's ..................... 222-0220 
La SandIIe ................... -.11304 
UCSD EATS a DRINKS 
BJ'S PIzza .................... 455-()662 
BeanI ...... .. ..... .............. 453-9252 
Domino', ...................... ~·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578-7892 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt ..... ~-0524 
Yakimono ..................... ~~ 
UClDAUlO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2438 
0ver8eu Auto ............. 695-19S1O 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCID HAIR II BEAUTY 
Young AtIitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
UCID HEALTH II FllNEII 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being At ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ...... ....... 535-1379 
Tan 4 Leas .................... .455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C . . 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS .459-5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
UCSD OPTOMEl'RY 
ClasaIcaJ Eye ................. 452·7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision ear, .................... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1468 
Video GaIItry ............... 450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 463-1421 
UCSDCOPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 
Klnko', ......................... 457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 
UClDTESnNQ 
Hyperleaming ............... 455-1 000 
MeAT Review .............. ~ 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIG .... . 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-AlES 
Torrey's ........................ 587-1414 
VoIleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSDETC. 
51. Germain's ............... 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

~ASSIFIEDS 
CIImijied advertising is sold in 15-word incmnenJs. The rate per 15 wontr is $1 for 
stuMnIS (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be maiJed with a c/,eck (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 pm. MondayforThurstJoy's issue. The Guardianreserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including bur not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuaIdian,Attn:CIassijieds,9500GiImanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316.Actum address: StudemCenter A, topfloor. 

FAST FUNDRAISER. $1,000 In 1 
week. Greeks. clubs. anyone. No 
Risk. 800-655-6935 Ext. SO. (3129-
418). 
COLLEGE FINANCIAL AID: If 
Skyrocketing fees are a problem 
for you. call us now for Information 
and an application for financial ald. 
We guarantee we will match each 
student applicant with a minimum 
of six private sources of college 
funds. Call or write Scholarship 
Ouest Services. P.O. Box 900267. 
San Diego, Calif. 92190. 583-0510. 
(4/1-4/8) 
Free Health + Fitness Fair. Wed. 
April 14, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Price Cen· 
ter. Be therel (4/1-4112) 
Apply now for '93-94 Director posi· 
tions at the A.S. Internship Office. 
Six paid positions available II (Pub-
lic Relations, National, Develop· 
ment, San Diego. Etc .... ) Drop by 
ASIO to pick up an application: sec· 
ond floor P.C. Room 2.306. Dead· 
line to apply is Friday. April 16. 534-
4689. (4/5-4115) 
Free pack of Marlboro. Exchange 
for seven empty packs. (Collecting 
Marlboro Miles) 271-9066. Leave 
message. (415-4/15) 
HANDS ON SAN DIEGO · One 
day, one community. Come volun-
teer your time in an issue of your 
choice from the homeless to the 
environment. For more Information 
stop by the Volunteer Connection. 
2nd floor Price Center, or call 534-
1414. (4/8-4/22) 
Apply now for SummerlFali in· 
ternships in San Diegol Appli-
cation deadline Is Friday. April 
23. Drop by ASIO for more Info .• 
or come to the General Info Night 
on April 13 at 7:30 p.m . in Gar· 
lery B. ASIO is on the 2nd floor 
P.C., Room 2.306. 534-4689. (41 
8-4/12) 

Amicon pre.ent. the 

Advanced 
Bioseparation 

Seminar 
presen ted by 

Randall B. Hodges 
(Amicon) 

Thursday, April 1 5, 1993 
11:00 o.m.-12:00 p.m. 

, 

Basic Science Building 
Garren Auditorium 

Room 1105 

Register for Sony Oiscman41 
prize drawingl 

Hear ye, Hear ye, Renaissance 
Falre. April 18, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. 
Stonehenge. food,fun, marketplace 
and entertainment. (4/8) 

VloIInIVIoIa Leaona. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an experi· 
enced, professional teacher. Now 
accepting students - all ages and 
leveis weicomel Call Conrad, 468-
0525. (418) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars!... Begin NOWI FREE 
packet I SEYS. Dept 19, Bo)( 4000, 
Cordova. TN 38018-4000. (2111-41 
29) 
RAISE A COOL $1 ,000.00 INJUST 
ONE WEEKI For your frat, sorority, 
club. + 1,000 FORYOURSELFI And 
a FREE IGLOO COOLER if you 
qualify. Call 1-800-932-0528, Ext. 
65. (2122-4119) 
300 SUMMER CAMP 
POSmONS: In NY, PA. ~ASS & 
MAINE. Need skills In:Tennls. WSV 
swimming. water·skiing. sailing. 
windsurfing. gymnastics. 
equestrian. baseball . ... basketbaJl. 
saccer, hockey, lacrosse, 
canoeing, archery. rocketry, 
woodshop. ceramics. fitness, 
dance, plano, guitar , ropesl 
pioneering, nurses, food service. 
Upper-classmen preferred. Arlene 
- 1-800-443-6428. (3/1-4/15) 
Counselors : Camp Wayne, 
brotherlslster camp. N.E. Penn· 
sylvania. 6/22-8/20/93. All 
sports, water, and cultural ac-
tivities . Many positions avail· 
able. On·campus interviews. 
Thursday. April 15th from 10:30-
2 p.m. For more info. call 516-
889-3217 or write 12 Allevard 
St. . Lido Beach, N.Y. 11561 . 
Include your school phone num· 
ber. (3/4-4112) 

Work Outdoor. 
Develop LeaderslUp SIalls 

Help Children Grow 
MaLe New Friend. 

Paaadena area Day Camp 
_La StroDt, Positive, 

OutioiDt Role-Model. to 
work &I troup cOUDselors 
witL 3-14 year olds and &I 
iDstrueiors for ewimmiDt, 

and outdoor activities. 

Here's some part·tlme positions 
where you can earn Income both 
while In San DIego County as well 
as when you're back In your home 
town. Call CONNERS CONSULT· 
lNG, 457-3494. (3/29-4/8) 
Catering server, private home, after· 
meal clean uP. wkendslholiday 
events. Start 4111. $6.50/hr. 275-
4207. (3129-418) 

GREEKS & CLUBS RAISE A 
COOL $1,000 In just one weeki 
Plus $1.000 for the member who 
calls I And a FREE HEADPHONE 
RADIO just for calling 1-800-950-
1037. e)(1. 25. (3129-4/8) 
JOBS AVAI LABLE Cutting edge of 
Retail • Apparel Zone Clothing 
Outlet is hiring sales and 
management trainees. For more 
Information call 450-3323. Apply 
at 8250 Camino Santa Fe SI. I. (41 
5-4/12) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT EARN $2500-
3500 AND MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
National campaign positions to 
renew the Clean Wat~r Act, 
promote comprehensive recycling, 
and stop offshore oil drilling . 
Available in 22 states and D.C. 
Campus intrvws: 4/13 and 4/14. 
Call Jamie toll free : 1-800-75-
EARTH. (4/5-4/8) 
Camp Canadensis, Pocono Mts. 
Pennsylvania. Excellent residential 
boys and girls summer camp. 
Wanted: Caring counselors. Must 
like children. Seeking people to 
teach at lakefront, pools. climbing 
wall, Jetskl, dance, crafts, ropes, 
video and more. Summer season 61 
21/93 to 8/19/93. Call 1-800-832-
8228. (4/8,4115) 
SUMMER EMPLOYMENT: Work In 
the beautiful Adirondack Mountains 
of upstate N.Y. FREE ROOM. 
BOARD, TRAVEL & SALARY. Point 
O'Plnes Camp for Girls Is currently 
hiring Swim Instructors (we will 
certify). Assistant Waterfront 
Director. Wilderness Adventure, 
Cheerleading, Radio and Fitness & 
Conditioning Counselors. Call now 
for application: (518) 494-3213. 
Come to the Job Fair April 15. (4/8-
4112) 
Earn cash stuffing envelopes at 
home. Send SASE to P.O. Box 
9643 Springfield, MO 65801. (4/8-
4119) 
Babysitting. Occasional evenings! 
weekends. Two school·age chil· 
dren. Experience and references. 
please. P. Chien 456-6281. (4/8-4/ 
19) 

Thund.y, April 8, 1993 

ChIIIhn'. dIIy C8mpe In .... 
... tpeCl8I, caring, furl people. 
General counselors & specialty 
Instructor. for horseback riding, 
crafts, swimming, nature, drama, 
boaIlr9fIshlng, music, gymnastics 
& morel Great summer Jobsl (818) 
889-8383. (418-5110) 
Camp Counselor: Rouging It Day 
camp. OrInda, Group CounaeIor, 
Horseback riding. W~. Experl 
refs. (510) 283-3795. (418) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campU8 Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911. (1/4-61 
3) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SI. Germaln·s. 452-
9949. (1/19-613) 
Voice, Plano, Organ, Gultlt. 43 
years, all levels, styles. NY City 
Opera. musicals, top clubs. BM Chi-
cago Conservatory of Music. Spe-
cial student fee . sing/play easilyl 
quickly. Michael Bondon 598-5223. 
(3/4-418) 
CLARITY SERVICES Editing: 
proofreading, comments. Tutoring: 
writing, English, math. Test prepa· 
ration. E)(perienced, reasonable. 
294-4860/584-4708. (3/29-4129) 
Register your birthdate with com· 
patible singles for free compatible 
dating. Details? Call Don Stevens, 
746-7403. (3/29-4/8) 
VlollnNlola Lessons. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an experi· 
enced, profeSSional teacher. Now 
accepting students - all ages and 
leveis welcomel Call Conrad, 466-
0525. (3/29-613) 
Taxes - There are two things In life 
that are certain. Give us a call. We 
will help with one. By the Numbers. 
673-4660. You're on your own for 
the other. (3/29-4/8) 
Need typlng/Word processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. 
I will also do editing if needed or 
wanted. Call Garol 481 -6364 eve· 
nings. (4/1-6/3) 
RESUMES. Individual consulta-
tion, resume , cover letter $39. 
Satisfaction guaranteed. Refer-
ences available. THE OUT-
STANDING RESUME . 587-
8148. (4/1-4/8) 
LIVE-IN AIDE NEEDED. Disabled 
student needs help with personal 
care, mornsleves, weekdays or 
weekends, 3-5 hrslday staggered. 
Start September. Female, non-
smoker. On campus. 427-9781 . 
Julie. (4/1-4/8) 
PHYSICSIMATH TUTOR. Masters 
in physics with TA experience. $15/ 
hr. 627-0747. (415,5/6) 
Compulsive eating? Bulimia? 
Weight management or body image 
issues? Helpful psychotherapy 
groups forming. Diana K. Weiss 
Ph.D. licensed psychologist. 
(PSY#12476) specializes in 
relationships and eating disorders. 
Del Mar. Call 619-431-6373. (4/5-41 
15) 
Need money for college? Recorded 
message gives details. 221-2922. 
(415-4/8) 

Alita Electrolysys ......... 454-6044 RSVP 1-800-426-4266, ext. 238. 
Competitive ealaries 

and lot. of fun. 

Meet with Vice Chancellor 
Joseph Watson in an 

Open Forum on 
Fee Increase and Financial Aid 

Thursday, April 8 
3:30-5:00 p.m. 

leading !he Way in Bioseporotion Technology 

Come visit ua at tLe 
UCSD SUMMER JOB FAIR 

April 15tL 
or Call (SIS) 79~11!S6 The Cove(Price Center) 

I 

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 

KRAV MAGA -Israeli Martial Arts. 
Easy, Fun Effective. Classes begin 
Apr. 14. Call 899·5317. (4/5·4/12) 
SLOVAKIA/POLAND summer trips 
led by local students. Hike scenic 
mountain trails, visit a Gypsy village, 
explore castles and medieval towns, 
meet Slovaks and Poles. For details, 
call800·666-JOIN. (4/5-4/19) 
GIVE THE #1 GIFT IN AMERICA. 
Name an actual STAR for someone. 
Star Directory 714-283-9114. (4/8-
4/12) 

WANTED 
Free Movie Ticketsl Men needed to 
participate in doctoral research 
project on sexuality. Two free movie 
tickets in exchange for your time. 
Please call 969-6987 for more info. 
(3/29-4/8) 
Wanted: Mac Power Book 100 
Series. Cheap early model. Leave 
message at 534-2915. (3/29-4/8) 
Photographic Co. visiting San Diego 
in April needs nude models for 
beautiful artistic photos of the femaie 
form. All inquiries kept confidential. 
Pay + prints provided. Call (612) 
898-8060 or Write Twin Cities 
PhotoArt Inc., 14870 Granada Ave .• 
Suite 302. Apple Valley MN 55124. 
(3/29-4/8) 
WANTED: Anyone interested in 
experience with television 
production for resume or interest. 
Call John 435-9489 or 587-8994. 
No experience necessary. Student 
production will air on cable. (4/1-41 
8) 
LIVE-IN AIDE NEEDED. Disabled 
student needs help with personal 
care, morns/eves. weekdays or 
weekends, 3-5 hrs/day staggered. 
Start September. Female, non· 
smoker. On campus. 427-9781. 
Julie. (4/1 -4/8) 
WANTED: WITNESSES to auto 
accident approx. 1 p.m. 3/12193 at 
La Jolla Village Drive and entrancel 
exit of Revelle College. Please lend 
a helping hand. Call Loreta at 489-
7641 or John at 627-6149. Please 
leave message so we can contact 
you. (415-4/8) 
MARRIED COUPLES without 
children living at home wanted for 
television viewing study. Will be 
given movie, comedy club. or harbor 
cruise passes. Plus $20 CASH, 
$100 raffle. 549-8911. (4/5-4/12) 
Humanists, rationalists , atheists. 
agnostics, and freethinkers: Tired 
of being told that ethics requires 
supernatural forces? Want to talk to 
others pursuing "the good life" 
without divine aid? Call Dave at 
272-7719 concerning the formation 
of a campus discussion group. (4/8-
4/22) 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with 
parve. Appraised $11,200.00. Sac· 
rifice $6,000.00. Call 454-2089. (31 
8-5/1 ) 
NOTEBOOK 386SX computer, 40 
meg HD, 2 meg RAM. 3.5" 1.44 meg 
drive, 32 gray scale VGA, $1 ,000 in 
current software, carrying case, bat-
tery pack, $950. Gary (619) 686-
9814. (4 /5-4/8) 
DODGE 1981. Great around the 
town carl Runs great. $600 o.b.o. 
Call Heather 453-6028. (4/1-4/15) 
PUPPIES, AKC/OFA Roltwieier. 2 
males, 1 female, excellent. $400-
$600. 789-7486. (4/1-4/8) 
SURFBOARD and WETSUIT: 6'4· 
Bessell and 313mm ML Victory full· 
suit, $1201$70 o.b.o., call Stan, 558-
8939. (415-418) 
Own a condo -Cheaper than Rentl 
1 bedroom La Jolla; Walk to UCSD; 
Agent · 982-0811 . (415-4115) 

'89 Yamaha Rlva 200. freeway Ie· 
gal, excellent condo Trunk, helmet. 
parking permit, $1,500.00. 566-
3446. (4/5-4/19) 
Giorgio Armanl & Ray Ban sun· 
glasses & eyewear. UCSD special 
student promotion. Call (714) 855-
1858. (4/5-4/15) 
Pioneer Ke · 3700QR Supertuner III 
car stereo/cassette player. Dolby 
NR with Best Music Search and 18 
pre·sets. Warranty at Circuit City till 
6/93. Asking $120.00 o.b.o. Ruben 
(619) 558-8689. (4/8) 
UPGRADE your IBM AT· 3861 
33 Mhz motherboard wi CPU -
$120/0.b.o. Scott 558-8175. (41 
8-4/12) 
Pioneer speakers $25, brass 
headboard (full) $50, desk/lamp $9, 
round picnic tab!e $15. 535-1826. 
(4/8-4/19) 
Must give away: Red '85 Honda 
Elite Moped, $450; Red ten-speed 
bike $30. 551 -9810. (4/8-4/1 5) 
Econ 120B textbook used lightly 
last quarter . Like new , no 
writing . $25. Jack, 558-1384. (41 
8) 
PAUL McCARTNEY TICKETS - 2 
tix floor level. $90 ea./o.b.o. - Scott. 
558-8175. (4/8-4/12) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Couch for sale . wine color. Good 
condition. Comfortable. $1 00 o.b.o. 
Call 625-8374. (4/8-4/12) 
Intel 386DX-25, 4MB, 40MB HD, 2 
floppies, VGA monitor. modem, new 
mouse, keyboard, $800, Chris S. 
452-2388. (4/8·4/12) 
Porsche 1966 912. Needs some 
work, rebuilt engine and good body. 
$2900. Call 459-8625. (4/8) 
Nintendo system + 7 games 
including RBI Baseball and Punch 
Out. $50/0.b.o. Call 459-8625. (4/8) 
1983 Yamaha Virago 500cc 
mqtorcycle. Red, in good condition, 
$700 negotiabie. Mike 452-9430. 
(4/8-4/12) 
BASS GUITAR. Rickenbacker4003. 
Natural wood finish. Excellent 
condition. Case and small practice 
amp included. $500 firm . MIKE 
home: 277-1726. Work: 458-2675. 
(4/8-4/15) 
J. Curren Surfboard, fast board 
$150, men's med. wetsuit $60. Call 
Michelle 552-0936. (4/8-4/12) 

HOUSING 
Furnished condo. - Regents Rd. 2 
bdr .• l ba.,baJcony.$825.oo.619-491 -
1196 or 714-779-0540. (314-515) 

Female roommate wanted to share 
master bedroom. Villas of 
renaissance. $300/month. Sherry 
452·2568. (3/8,418) 
University City male roommate 
wanted. $212 + 1/4 utilities. Washerl 
dryer, microwave. dishwasher, 
cable, huge closet space, on bus 
route to campus. two pools, gym, 
racquetball court. Call Sharlene. 
452-7669. (3/29-418) 
Apt. for rent unfurnished. La Jolla! 
UCSD avl. 4/1/93. $750/mo .• 2BDI 
2BA, garage. 622-0792. 558-6486. 
(3/29-418) 
Rdommate neededtoshar&'own room. 
Furnished house in Del Mar. $3101 
$360. Helen 792-2392. (3/29-418) 
Master bedroom for Rent • $300/ 
mo. Washer/dryer. Male/Female. 8 
miles from school. Mira Mesa. 566-
6348. (4/1-4/8) 
LIVE-IN AIDE NEEDED. Disabled 
student needs help with personal 
care . morns/eves. weekdays or 
weekends, 3-5 hrslday staggered. 
Start September. Female, non· 
smoker. On campus. 427-9781. 
Julie . (4/1-4/8) 
SUMMER CONDO 2 bdrm/2 bath, 
furnished. Clairemonl. $690/mo. all 
utilities included. Chris 272-8758 
leave message. (4/5-4/12) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Room in furnished townhouse. 
5 min. walk to UCSD. $360.00 
per month. Roy 452 -8836. (4/5-
418) 
Own room and bath in 2 BR, 2 
bath condo near Vons. $4001 
month + 1/2 utilities. 455-1959. 
(4/5-4/8) 
University City room for rent. 
unfurnished $337 + 1/4 utilities, 
washer/dryer . microwave , 
cable, quiet neighborhood. Non· 
smoker to share with med 
student and post docs. Andrea 
453 -7128. (4/5-4/1 5) 
Single room . Mira Mesa. 10 
minutes to campus . $235/mo . + 
deposit. Peterl Shawn 695-2623 . 
( 4/5-4/12) 
3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
available July or September . 
$1140/month. Nina 792-6453. (41 
8-4/29) 
FOR RENT: University City Playmor; 
$1250.00 3BR, 2.5BA; 1550 sq.ft. 
condo; all appliances; CLEAN & 
QUIET. July 1; 454-6462. (4/8-513) 

PERSONALS 
xn congratulates new Initiates Mihal 
andAJessiaand Beta. 5 pledges Nicoie. 
Alexis, Sara. and Tamil (418) 

arole Little Jj'van Picone Liz ~po 
racy Evans Guess DKNY Christin 
III Ro Nino 
Park ax II 
ee Gi Blue 
Wouj Post 
e Me z & C 
ampa 
iciaJ 
Gian 
genn 
hero 
vin K 
arole Litt 
ES/Jirit 

toph 
ayes 
Is Po 
gn St 
o Cer 
eMa 

Evan PIcone iz .Spo 
Victoria's Sec 



... 

14 SPORTS 

The smell of the grass mixes with the nauseating odor of suntan lotion as the hot Arizona sun beats down on your back. The teams on Ihe field are so close that fans and players regu-
larly trade jokes or insults or discuss where the 
best restaurants are. That is, when the players 
aren't dancing a jig or singing "Happy Bird!-
day" to each other. It could only be one place. 
Spring training, where every learn has a shot at 
the Series but October seems decades away. 

Spring training is Ihe idyllic spring break for 
everyone from starry-eyed eighlh graders and 
their fathers getting an up-c1ose-and-personal 
look at their heroes, to stumbling drunk college 
students taking a hiatus from Daytona and the 
venerable old timers to whom spring training is 
as much a ritual as is putting the dentures in 
Polident every night. 

The team that has made the most noise in 
baseball since the last spring ttain ing is the San 
Francisco Giants. The franchise's anempt to 
move to Rorida and subsequent sale to Bay 
Area investors captivated fans and would-be 
fans on both coasts. 

The Giants hired legend Dusty Baker to 
become the Major League's only black man-
ager. And to top the whole thing off, the team by 
the Bay spent more money on a professional 
athlete in a team sport than anyone ever had, 
signing two-time National League Most Valu-
able Player Barry Bonds to a six-year, $43.75 
million contract. 

Unlike any other sport, baseball fans seem 
more interested in their tearns during the spring 
training preseason than during the regular sea-
son. But as the Guardian found out, the Giants' 
players, owners and manager are just as opti-
mistic. 

"I think we should win the league. We have 
a really good pitching staff that's going to come 
through for us. We're one of the best defenses in 
baseball and our offense is definitely going to be 
a plus. You can look for some good things from 
us," said Giants' shortstop Royce Clayton. 

"I predict the Giants will be a very competi-
tive tearn. We don't know whether they are 
good enough to win it, but they're certainly 
going to be a very good baseball team and very 
competitive and exciting to watch," said Bob 
Sockolov, one of the Giants' owners. 

With all of the turmoil ofthe past few months 
behind them, the Giants seem to' have settled 
down for the season ahead. But no one in the 
organizationhasforgottenthenumberofchanges 
the tearn has gone through. 

Despite Candlestick Park's almost demonic 
reputation, the players don't seem to have any 
resicluallonging for Rorida. 

"Candlestick is tradition. You don't want to 
break up tradition like that and the people up 
north are real nice, so I feel comfortable there. 
We can use it to our advantage, it is our home. 
We know people like coming there, it' s an 
advantage to us," Clayton said. 

The switch in coaching has gone just as 
smoothly for the team. 

"[Baker] is great. We couldn't ask for a 
bener situation. He runs the team well, every-
body pulls together, he really keeps the family 

The UCSD Guardian 

-l~ 
Anlled with a $43 million contract, two-Ii. 

National League MVP Bany Bonds speaks 
about fane, motivation and his famous dad. 

Story and Pictures by Bree Segel 

"Something has to 
motivate you, something 

has to trigger you, 
something has to get you 

going. I want the best." 
-Barry Bonds 

unit going with the team," Clayton added. 
Baker, the man charged with making sure 

these Giants do surprise some people, is as 
optimistic as his players and fans. 

~Aa""new"",,_01"" 
GIants, .. you excited for .... 
........ ......, 

Baker: Yes, I'm looking forward to an excit-
ing 1993 season. What a thrill it is to put on a 
Giants uniform - a San Francisco Giants uni-
form - and take the field as manager. I'm 
excited about the chance to lead this ballclub, to 
build on the winning tradition that Roger Craig 
brought to the leam. It's the beginning of a new 
era in Giants baseball. 

Wh8t wU. milk ..... GIMts a ....... " 
.......... y...., 

A winning team starts with great coaches, 
and I've put together a staff of proven veterans 
and enthusiastic newcomers. Bob Lillis has 
been with the Giants since 1986, he's one of the 
most knowledgeable coaches in the game. He'll 
help plot strategy and will work with the infield-
ers. Bobby Bonds also will retum in a Giants 
uniform and will coach ftrstbase. We have Dick 
Pole, Wendell Kim and Bob Brenly as well. 
Also, in baseball winning pitchers make win-
ning teams. We have a great starting rotation 
that has been underrated in the league. 
..... you tInt.tarted OOIIcIIIICcId,.. 
_ • .., ........... m...., 

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 

My goal when I came into coaching was to 
be a 'major league manager. I set myself out on 
a five-year plan to become that, and this is the 
fifth year. I was at home watching Monday 
Night Football when I got the call from Bob 
Quinn saying that I was going to be the man-
ager. My initial reaction was to say a prayer of 
thanks. It wasn't shocking. I hadn 't put a lot of 
thought into it, because I didn't want to be 
disappointed, you know what I mean? 
LIIIt ........ there w ..... uncer-
t.Intr _10 ..... tile ...... would 
pIIy. WIIId ... ,... tIIouCMa ...... 
..... coMIOv.'SJ ...... on' 

It had a tremendous effect, whether the guys 
See SPRING, Page 15 

Thursday, AprilS, 1993 

SPRING: Baseball's $43 million man shows 
grace under pressure as new season begins 
ContInued from pace1A 
wanted to admit it or not. Most of the 
questions posed to us were about the 
move and about Tampa, which we 
didn't know too much about. It's very 
difficult to answer questions that you 
don't have answers to. It was distract-
ing and we were losing on top of it, 
and that made it even harder. It made 
the last couple of months of the sea-
son very, very difficult and long. 
... you've bee a ...... ... 
..... -....... ,.. 
........ ..,... .... Ibout 
1I ... lId' 

You'realways leaming something 
about this game. Any manager who 
says he doesn't, in my mind, is not 
going to be around very long. Forme, 
some of the main things [I had to 
learn) were how to stack a lineup, 
how to use the bullpen, when to pull 
guys out and when to leave them in. 
What Idad or. _ .. 
IMtJ BIlker ... , 

I'll be a refl" ~ of all the differ-
ent tearns I played on. A lot depends 
on who we are playing and who's 
pitching for us an~ against us. The 
game will dictate how I'm going to 
manage. I'm a great believer in fun-
damentally sound, situational base-
ball. r want the Giants to be an excit-
ing tearn, a team that never quits. 

Baker will need to grow into his new job in a huny in order to compete with what most consider the toughest 
division in baseball. The team that 
everyone is looking to is, of course, 
the Atlanta Braves, who Spons illus-
trated said "may have the best start-
ingrotationeverassembled. "Butcon-
fidence in themselves is as common-
place as Gila moristers in the Arizona 
desert around the Giants' camp. 

'The Braves are rated the best 
team in baseball, but I think the Gi-
ants are going to surprise them. The 
Giants seem to be coming out in a 
linle bener balance, I hope the bal-
ance works out," Sockolov said 

The man everyone will look to to 
playa leading role in surprising the 
Braves is the $43 million man. No-
body knows this more than Bonds 
himself. 

~"""wlllla ... 
...., .. yea ........ ,.. 
style or play ..... y_ at III? 

Bonds: I'm not going to change. 
That's just me. We're going to win, 
we're warriors out there, we're going 
to battle. 
lid rou ever tIIII* ,..'d ... 
..,...fortlle .... .... 
IInce rou'" joined .... .... 
... theIr ......... .... 
.... 10 ..... ' 

I never thought it would happen to 
me. I just want to try and beat the 
odds. You know! Gary Sheffield to 
me is probably one of my most ad· 
mired players right now because he 
beat the odds. He went from one team 
to another and had success and I want 
to try and beat the odds. If you go back 
in history and if you go backtrack 
records not too many people are very 
successful after they change [teams], 
it lakes time and a filling out process. 
I'm concentrating on beating the odds. 
n.e1l8Ye ..... ....... 
,....,.... tII8t ..... tIIM rou 
_ .... wz= n .... .... 
............ GI.d .. 
4.11' ............ ." ....... 10 
..... , 

I tip my hat to my teammates here, 
I tip my hat to them. They stick up for 
you. Man Williams was more upset 
than I was [about the news reports) 

because it was something that wasn't 
true. He was furious, Dusty was up-
set. This tearn has been doing nothing 
but pulling together, there hasn 't been 
any jealousy, everyone just wants to 
win. 
How'. your ,. .... a ........ willi 
WII CIaIk? WIIat'. It like 
__ two .......... ....,.. .. 
ta ............ _ .... , 

I'm good at what I do, that's not 
saying I'm bener than anyone else. 
We have our different styles just like 
Sheffield and McGriffhave their own 
styles, they're very good. Tony 
GWYM has the baning titles I want. 
We're not fighting each other. We get 
a1ongfme. 
WIMIr.1t like ...... yow 
...... , IIoIIby 8onda, .... 
.coecII' 

It's fun, it's nice. I need a coach, 
not a father, and he's done that. So I 
think that's the biggest test, once 
you've been through that you're able 
to goon. He's my dad when it's over. 
WMt'. tile ...... ~ 
IIdI you've .".. • ..,.. from 
yow .......... .,. ....... 
.... ....,.., 

I don't know. My dad kind of 
stayed away, he wasn't there much. I 
learned by watching. You know how 
it is, your dad says something and you 
do the opposite, so my dad used that 
reverse psychology andkepthismouth 
shut. Me and my dad are two different 
people. 
..... ,... willi ... PInIteI, 
,......,..In ... .,.. .... 
,...., ...... d What ....... 
,..10 play ..... lifter your 
....... , 

Me, Sheffield and McGriff hit 
home runs every single day and it 
improved all of our games. I wasn't 
rooting for them to win but I wanted 
them to do well because I admire 
them for their abilities. Yeah, I was in 
a slump right before I got to San 
Diego. I was like three for 20 some-
thing and said to myself ifIleave here 
[without hitting home runs] I'm go-
ing to quit baseball and never play 
again. I'm retiring and I'll kiss your 
feet like Muhammad Ali, but some-
thing triggered me. I wasn't going to 
let Gary Sheffield who went from 
ArnericanLeague [0 National League 
show me up in my hometown. These 
are things that triggered me, it has 
nothing to do against them or I'm not 
trying to show anybody up. Some-
thing said to me, Barry, get your shit 
together! Your teammates need you 
and you need them. You need 10 play. 
You need to give something to get 
something back. 
WMt fInIIIy ......... yea, 

I got my edge going. Sometimes 
I've got [0 be mad at myself, mad at 
the media. You have [0 do things, 
things have to motivate yourself, if it 
doesn't, it's easy to say, "Yeah,thank 
you very much Lord, I'm not doing 
nothing no more." I've earned every-
thing that I've worked for. I played for 
seven years professional level, I'm 
accomplished, I've been putting in 
my time. 
Are you .ver .......... willi 
yow ......... , 

No, I'm never satisfied. that's why 
I'm always trying to do something 
else, trying to get bener because it's 
very easy to make money and be 
humble. You work so hard to get to 
the top of the mountain and to try to 
stay there I think it is harder. When I 
was at the bottom it was easier. To 
lake one step up I hit .223, I now went 
.261 and everybody loves it, every-
body thinks it's great. You get [0 a 
pedestal now and they expect you to 

The UCSD Guardian 

win. 
WbIIt ........... .... 
.... , ................ .... 
...... __ )'011, 

It's just something I learned, it's 
very easy. I just wanted to make a 
million dollars in my lifetime. I fig-
ured, hell, when Ozzie Smith made 
two million dollars I thought amillion 
dollars was great. Ain ' tnobody gonna 
think they're better that Ozzie Smith 
and all of a sudden you've got it and 
you're like, wait a minute, what else is 
there? You've got to think of other 
goals. You just can't stop there . 
Who .. ,..f8worIte Fa ._'''_' tile .. JOU ..... tIIe.-t? 

Willie Mays because he was the 
best. He was like my godfalher be-
cause he was right there when I was 
growing up. There's a lot of players 
but he's my favorite. 
WIllI .. or .... 1IttentIon you 
receive from,.. .... do 
,.. ftnd that you .. 
lIIal • .., 

We're a re-run show. We give to 
the public and sports world in general 
more back to the public. You've got 
trading cards you can get signed, you 
can sell stuff, you've got jerseys out 
there with names on them, caps and 
posters. It's human nature to get 
spoiled. Ijustlookat it this way, we're 
doing as much as we get back. 
Do you find It otfeIleIv ....... 
,.. -- people ~ tIIiIt you ..... too IIIUCII 
......." 

I just want to play ball. The thing 
is, people just don't understand If 
baseball wasn 'I making no money I'd 
still be playing baseball. I played base-
ball and I went to school, I played in 
summer tearns, I went to college and 
played baseball, I just became a pro-
fessional. 
........ _become. 
........................... 

........,. How do JOU"" 
IIIIout this? 

Gary Sheffield, Tony Gwynn, 
Bobby Bonilla, Darryl Strawberry, 
Eric Davis and soon ain't makin' two 
dollars. These guys are making mil-
lions of d01lars for a reason too. See 
whatI'm saying? You've got guys on 
the mound making millions of money 
to get me out. I think the odds are 
pretty even because it's not like these 
guys are from high school or little 
league. Gary Sheffield makes over 
three million dollars to catch that ball 
I hit down the line and to throw me 
out, he has to eam this, we all do. 
SInce JOUw becoIM ..... 
stiIr, what motmdes you to 
stay on top? 

I['s very easy to sit there and say 
boom, now I got it and I don't have to 
do nothing anymore. Somelhing has 
to motivate you, something has to 
trigger you, something has to get you 
going. I think me, watching the other 
players, me wanting [0 be the best 
out of the 18 players on [he field at 
that time oron that day. Maybe I'm 
not going to be the best but I'm 
going to make them earn me. I want 
the best. 
.......... or ......... 
....... II ........ ....,., a •• 
tII8t It'. CIIt out to ... ? 

You make minimum wage out 
of college, you have to go three 
years before you go to arbitration, 
[hen you have to go six years before 
you're a free agent before you can 
make it. We pay our dues, guys wait 
six to seven years to get their free-
dom to negotiate. I've worked for it 
and I feel I'veeamed every bit of it. 
I've played seven years and I plan 
on playing 10 to 12 more, God will-
ing. 

- Sports Edhor Gregg Wrenn 
contributed to thIs Itory 

SPORTS 15 

MO LY. 
U.C.S.D. 

Monopoly Tournament 
Saturday, April 10, 1993. 

1 p.m. 
Price Center Gameroom 

Sign up at the Gameroom or 
Student Information (EDNA) 
today! Entry fee; $2,50. 

Cas~ prizes. 

I 

1007 Gamet Avenue • Pacific Beach San Diego • 273-6209 

fonnerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
PADRES. DODGERS. GIANTS • REDS • ATHtET·ICS 

E 8ft 1 ~ts.h"'{jTi .,Y~~KEE S 
c.D~.mD.t\..bb ~ A N S 

• B L tJ OJ A PV, BRA V E S 
I R A TEP4""~ • Tl GERS 
R"",..,.,.-:or'rM~r--"",A N G E R S • AS T R 0 8 • EX P 0 S 
ORIOLES • BREWERS • CARDINALS 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS. SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 

-



16 SPORTS 

BRIAN 

HmO 
YouGotta 
Love Meadoaf 

Mike Francesa, eat your heart out. 
In an effort to surpass the portdy putt 
of CBS NCAA basketball infamy, I 
not only mistakenly picked the wrong 
team to win the big dance, I sagely 
predicted the wrong match-ups. In 
my own version of fantasy Final 
Four, I incorrectly chose Michigan to 
beat Kansas and Kentucky over 
North Carolina. I have no doubt that 
it would have been quite a spectacle, 
had it been equal to the challenge of 
reality, but hey, no one's perfect. 

Thus, I have concluded that all of 
the worthless facts in my scattered 
and harebrained mind mean little in 
the way of choosing winners. So, 
let's tum our thoughts to ~erica's 
pastime: major league baseball, and, 
of course, my predictions. 

Let's start with the unerly average 
N.L. East. Anyone can see the 
writing on the wall for the hopeless 
expansjon-ridden Aorida Marlins. 
With 112-year-old Charlie Hough, 
the ace of the staff, the Marlins will 
be floating belly-up in last. My pick 
of the liner, in a pack of runts, will be 
the St. Louis Cardinals. On their 
heels will be the young Montreal 
Expos and finishing third will be 
another babyfaced team, the 
Philadelphia Phillies led by automo-
bile wizard Lenny Dykstra and 
flame-broiled meatloaf lover John 
Kruk. Bobby Bo paces the miracle 
Mets; enough said: fourth place. 
Great coaching will not compensate 
for a pitiful lineup - sorry Jim 
Leyland, but with Jeff King hining 
clean-up for Pittsburgh . .. well, at 
least you're one bener than the 
Chicago Cubs. 

On to the A.L. West, where my 
personal fav K.C. Royals will again 
slug it out with the big boys, only to 
end up fourth . It's a poor way to go 
out, Mr. Brett, but that's the way the 
pine tar's laid. First place goes to the 
Chicago White Sox, second to the 
long bailers from Texas and third to 
LaRussa's Oakland A's. Minnesota 
and Seanle will battle for fifth and 
sixth, respectively, with the always-
hellish California Angels residing in 
the badlands. 

Traveling to the A.L East, we 
have Toronto repeating as division 
champs. Who's got the depth to beat 
them? Boston or Cleveland? Not! 
The Red Sox, due only to my respect 
for the Rocket, will barely scalp the 
Indians for runner-up bonom 
dwellers. Baltimore will finish 
second with Milwaukee not far 
behind. New York gets my nod for 
fourth and Sparky's Detroit Tigers 
gets fifth. 

Finally, the powerful N.L. West 
will be dominated by Cy Young's 
around Atlanta. Cincinnati will 
capture second, followed by the 
talented youths from Houston. I'm 
going with the Pads to finish fourth, 
ahead of Dodger blues, San Fran-
cisco sixth and the pathetic Colorado 
Rockies stranded in the troughs. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 8, 1993 

Emergency starter Kurt Luhrsen survived a rocky second Innln&.loIng the dlsu..ce In UCSD's first of two victories yesterday. 

UCSD Puts Bite on 'Dogs 
BASEBAll • Tritons still red hot with 
tw<rgame sweep of visiting Redlands 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

The University of Redlands came into town 
to play the UCSD baseball squad this week, 
hoping to solidify its playoff chances against 
the Tritons. 

But UCSD had plans of its own as well, 
thanks to what is becoming a remarkable story 
in the 1993 season. The Tritons were 1-7-1 at 
one point, and the regional playoffs weren't 
even being mentioned, but with a sweep of the 
two-game series against 12th-ranked Redlands, 
the Tritons have taken a giant step toward 
earning a playoff berth. The turnaround, fueled 
by a revamped lineup, outstanding defense, and 
consistent pitching has spelled playofffever for 
UCSD, and the team is sending shockwaves 
throughout the NCAA Division III leagues. 

Tuesday's ~ame saw Triton starter Kurt 
Luhrsen making an emergency start against the 
Bulldogs. Steve Height was originally slated to 
start, but he has become yet another member of 
the injured Triton list. So Luhrsen took the 
mound, and promptly got rocked early. With 
UCSD leading 1-0, Luhrsen was pelted for five 
runs on five hits in the second inning, with the 
big blow a two-run single by Chad Reese. 

Slowly but surely, however, the Tritons 
battled back, as has been their habit in recent 
weeks. In the fourth, they got to starter Vinnie 
Henderson for three runs. It all started with one 
out, as Bobby Arban walked and Carl Abramson 
followed with a base hit. With Buu Aaron at the 
plate, Arban took off for third. Henderson, 

Dan McDowell/GU8Iltian 
Bobby Arban gets back In plenty of time. 
instead of delivering the pitch, threw wildly to 
third, allowing Arban to score while Abramson 
took third. Henderson then threw a wild pitch 
whdch scored Abramson, leaving UCSD trail-
ing 5-3. Aaron, still batting, beat out an infield 
hit, and Eric Quandt followed with a walk (one 
of 12 handed out by the Bulldogs on the after-
noon). 

Henderson was relieved by Pete Summa, 
who was set to face Chris Miyake. Miyake, who 
has been coming alive with the bat as of late, 
poked a slow roller through the right side of the 
infield, loading the bases for Marcos Magdaleno. 
Magdaleno added an infield hit of his own with 
a slow dribbler toward third, which scored Aaron, 

See BASEBAU., Page 11 

1beWeek 

Walmsley Buries 
Field at Tomney 

Forgening any thoughts of warming up 
and easing into the spring season slowly, 
Alison Walmsley of the UCSD water skiing 
team blew away the field at the Cal Poly San 
Luis Obispo tournament. 

The IO-team tournament featured skiers 
from around the state, but Walmsley was 
undaunted by the amount of competition. The 
sophomore finished first in the slalom, first in 
the trick event, smashing her personal best, 
and third in the jump. Those finishes gave 
UCSD its first ever women's individual win-
ner. 

Walmsley's slalom run finished up as a 
tournament personal best, 1.5 buoys at 34 
mph at IS feet off to win by five buoys over 
the distant ~econd-place finisher, Colleen 
Davis from the host Mustangs. 

Walmsley topped her personal best in the 
trick event by a huge margin, 200 points. That 
finish not only dominated the women, but 
defeated the nearest male competitor by 60 
points. 

The wins are good preparation for the 
upcoming Collegiate All Star Toumament in 
Columbia, South Carolina in May. The tour-
nament takes the top five performers from 
each of five regions. Walmsley and Triton 
men's star Duane Gee are nearly guaranteed 
a spot on the All-Star rosters. 

. -Gregg Wrenn 

The Headline Matchup: Softball hosts the UCSD Triton Classic. UCSD plays today at noon and 2 p.m. at USD. The Tritons will play at home on 
Friday at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the softball diamond 

Other Games: Women's water polo at the Pomona-Pitzer tournament, Saturday. Women's tennis against Gustavus Adolphus, Saturday and Trinity, Sunday at Phoenix. 


