
Elsewhere 
New Dean Takes 
Over Davis Medicine 
D I - Gerald Lazaru was 
named the new dean of the C 
Davis chool of Medi ine th is 
week. amid cri ti ism that hi ' al-
ury i too high. Lazaru , wh will 
earn $320,000 in hi new po i-
tion, ay that hi tenure will lead 
the medical chool to "Top-10" 
national statu de pite 
California's fiscal problems. 
Lazarus' alary c ntra ts with 
thatof tan ford . . medical . chool 
dean, who earn only $222.917 a 
year. Lazarus defended hi al-
ary by saying that there were 
everal opportunitie" in the pri-

vate sector that he could have 
a cepted. 

UCSB Holds Panel 
On Gang Truce 
SA T A BARBAR - More 
than 75 community members 
turned out to exchange ideas 
with a panel on an African-
Americaa gang truce which 
followed la t year's Lo 

ngele riot . The four-member 
panel included Rev. Carl 
Washington, a key figure in 
negotiation talk between the 
Crip and Bloods. and Rev. 
Roderick Ewell, who helped in 
that endeavour. The di 'cus ion 
focused on media coverge of 
the riot. which Washington 
said erroneou Iy covered the 
peace pact and mi reported hi 
intention for further truces. 

UCD Firemen Run 
Drills in Dormitory 
DA VIS - Last week Titu 
Hall, which was schetluled to 
be tom down. wa u ed as a site 
for a full -scale fire drill. In an 
effort to make the drill as 
realistic a po sible, moke was 
pumped into the empty building 
for firefighters to maneuver 
through, and dummy victim 
were placed on various floors 
for rescue. Fire trucks from five 
depaltments arrived on the 
cene to extinguish the 

imaginary blaze. The commo-
tion caused by the drill brought 
nearby residence-hall dwellers 
out to observe. 

Inside 

BEYOND 
HIATUS: ew film features 
the cutting edge of computer 
animation. H1 

SPORTS: UCSD's ba eball 
beat CSU San Bernadino 7-6 
in eleven inning . 12 

Index 

T H E u 

THUR DAY, l\tARCH 4, 1993 EI8 

I Studellt (;rOllpS 
! Lobby to Block 

TAKIN' OUT THE TRASH 

I Fee Hikes 
I BUDGET: Weekend 011£ ren e 

in Sacramento aim to develop 
budget idea teach lobbying kill 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

In an effort to thwart a foul1h consecutive 
year of fee increa e , tudefll acro the state 
are mobilizing to tight the propo ed budget 
cur in the higher education . ystem. 

A joint California State University ( 
and UC conference to educate students in 
effecti ve lobbyi ng techniques and to devel p 
alternative budget plans is cheduled for this 
weekend in acramento. The event i being 
sponsored by the Universi ty of aliC rnia Stu-
dent As ociation (U SA) and the alifomia 
State Student A 'ociation ( SSA). 

The conference agenda includes di cus-
sion ' on counteracting the proposed fee in-
crea~es and budget cu t . refomling the Board 
of Regent and pro~pec ts fortheongoing labor 
di pute be tween graduate !>tudent!> and the 
administration. 

Currently, the regents are con idering a 
$1.000 fee increase next year, on top of a 
proposed five percent cut in faculty, staff and 
ndmini trative alarie. The cuts and fee in-
creases are to offset a $243 million shol1fall in 
state funding. 

On Saturday, tudents at the conference 
wi ll di cuss the fee increa e, the state budget 
and financial aid. Sunday will be devoted to 
training tudents in lobbying techniques and 
strategies. Students will then go to Sacramento 

See LOBBY, Page 2 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 
Brian Parker sifts through trash that was dumped on the Price Center Lawn as part of the 
first annual Trash Day on Monday. The event was sponsored by the Trash Day Coalition. 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 
Gov. Jerry Brown during his 
Interview with the Guardian. 

Gov. Brown Pushes Campaign Reform 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

FormerCnlifomia Govemorand 
Democratic presidential candidate 
Jerry Brown visited UCSDon Mon-
day to peak to students and mobi-
lize support for a new ~ tatewide 
initiative he is tryi ng to place on 
next year's ballot. 

The proposed initiative wou ld 
limit political contribution by indi-
viduals in the state of California to 
$ 100 and would ban contributions 
by Political Action Committees 
(PACs). 

Brown spent much of the 90 
minute program fielding questions 

INTERVIEW: The Guardiall 
chats with Jerry Brown 7 

from the audience in the Price Cen-
ter Theater and spoke wi th indi-
vidual students before and after the 
event. 

Desp ite concern voiced by sev-
eral audience members that the mea-
sure would givean unfairadvantage 
to wealthy candidates, Brown in-
si ted that his proposal was the best 
way to stop the "money chase" that 
is so prevalent in government and 
return political power to the major-
ity. 

"This is a gradual transfomla-
tion," Brown said. "It doe~n ' t solve 
everyth ing. [but] it will create a 
space of opportunity that does not 
now exi~t for [al grJ~!'.-roo ts initia-
tive." 

Brown returned to national po-
litical prominence hL.,t year with a 
surprisingly strong presidential cam-
paign that focused on eradicating 
undue influence of lobbyists and 
special interests in the govemment. 

I n hi~ speech, Brown recalled his 
experiences with interest groups and 
lobbyists as governor and during hi 
stint ~ national chairman of the 

See BROWN, Page 7 

Triton Yearbook Cancelled, Poor Sales To Blame 
Sheryl Wolcott 

Senior Staff Writer 
Citing diminishing ales, editors of the Triton 

Yearbook cancelled production of the campu -
wide annual and will provide refunds to tho e 
who already paid for a copy. 

"Hopefully. it won ' t be indefinite. but maybe 
for the next couple of year there will not be a 
campu -wide book," aid Co-Editor-in-Chief 
Kathlene Jen en. UCSD has produced a year-
book for the la t eight years. 

In place of a yearbook, Jensen said, the staff 
has decided to work on a "freshman record," a 
book that can be purcha ed by entering tudents 
which contains pictures of the entering clas and 
information nbout cumpu clubs, groups and er-
vice. 

In addition, according to Co-Editor-in-Chief 
Greg Gee, the taff is talking about putting to-
gether :l irnilar "senior record." with the senior 
taff and picture of UCSD events over the previ-

ous year. 

However, Gee aid, publishing a freshman 
record for next fall is the first priority, and as an 
"unfortunate side effect, there isn't really going 
10 be any sort of book for thi yeaL" 

Jensen attributed the cnllcellation to a pro 
gressive decline in yearbook sale over the last 
few years, which reached the point where the 
publi her could no longer afford the losses in-
curred. 

"The previous year we old 250 book - out 
See YEARBOOK, Page 3 



2 

Native American Writer 
Speaks on Latest Work 
SPEAKER: Pulitzer prize winning writer tells storie 
about life with Billy the Kid and tale of Indian lore. 
By Terri Duggan 
Guardian Reporter 

The Friends of the UCSD Li-
brary treated audience members to 
"An Eveni ng With . SCOIt 
Momaday" last Friday in the Price 
Center. Momaday, a Pulitizer Prize-
winning writer. poet. painter and 
tory teller, spoke about his work 

and his most recent 
book, III fhe Pres-
ellce of Ihe SUII. 

M omaday, re-
garded by many a 
the dean of Ameri-
an Indian writers, 

began his lecture by 
recall ing his appear-
ance at the Central 
Library rededicat-
ion ceremony the 
previous day. where 
he was featured as 
guest ~peaker and 
received the UCSD medal in re og-
nition of his accomplishments. 

"It mean~ a great deal to me, and 
I Intend to wear it frequently," he 
~aid . 

MomaulY di~cu~ed Illfhe Pres-
CII('/' of f/ie SIlII and re<ld a se lection 
from each se 't ion of the book. TIle 
boo!.. i~ divided into four sec tions 
and contain~ ~tories and poem~ writ-
ten over a 30-ycar period. as well as 
prints of hi paintings. 

TI,C fiN ~ection contain pub-
Ii~hed poem~ that re all Momaday' S 

LOBBY: College 
Students around tate 
mobilize again t fee 
Continued from page 1 
to lobby tate legi lutors on Mon-
day. The cxpected attendance for 
the conference i over 2.000 stu-
dents, uccording to UCSA Execu-
tive Director Andy Shaw. 

At UCSD, the A.S. i engaged in 
its own 10bbyingcan1paign to increase 
funding to the UC ystem. A.S. Ex-
ecutive Lobby Director David Kim 
repons that letter writing and phone 
calls to legislators will playa signifi-
cant part in the A .. drive. 

Both Shaw and UCSD Execu-
tive Lobby Dire tor David K im 
agree that the most imponant thing 

~tudentl> can do i write personal 
letters to their legislators. 

A cording to Kim, "Legi~lators 
nced to lnow how the lack of fund-
ing is affecting students. By writing 
:L~ many letters as possible, they will 
reull) pay attention and litl will help 
them deCide how to vote." 

Kim said that infonnation pack-
ets ure available at ED IA und the 
mailbox located on the gym steps. 

childhood memories. [n one poem. 
he described how as a very young 
chi ld he vis ited sacred Kiowa 
grounds in Wyoming, now known 
as Devil' Tower. There he received 
his Indian name of Tsoai-talee, or 
Rock-Tree-Boy in Engli h. 

The second section of the book is 
about Momaday' s" rr-.mge and true 

tory of [hi 1 life 
with Billy the Kid." 
Itcontain 2 I piece 
about Billy's and 
Momaday's child-
hood together in 
A rizona and 
Mexico. M omaday 
referred to the third 
section as " the-heart 

f the book:' con-
t ai n i n t~ what he 
culls "~hield sto-
ries," which are 
mainly tales of In-

dian lore. The founh eetion con-
si t of new poems. 

Momaday concluded the lecture 
with a poem written about Fon Sill 
in Oklahoma. the death place of a 
great Indian chief. 

Born in Ollahoma and robed in 
ew Mexico and rizona. . cot[ 

Momuday is a memberofthe Kiowa 
nation. He ha~ taught ut Swnford 

niversityand C Berkeley and i 
currently a Regent~ Profe or of 
Englishat the niversi tyof rizona 
at Tuc on. 

The packet contains information on 
the fee, legisl:llors' addresse and 
sample letters. 

"Students dOll ' t even have to type 
the letters - they can hand write 
them," Kim said. "All our wolk i 
undemlined if[Jegi lators] receive only 
20 letters. I f every student, taff and 
faculty memberon this campus wrote 
at least one letter. it could be enough to 
make a di fference." 

Both Kim und Shaw alsoempha-
ized the importance of phone call 

to local repre entative . 
" By calli ng and writing now, 

[students] can let them know [how 
they feel). The legislators are creat-
ing their poSitions on budget i sue 
and now i the time to influence 
them." Shaw said. 

Shuw suid that, in addition to the 
Sacramento student rally this week-
end. there are two other important 
events involving the budget is ue: 
the UC Board of Regents meeting at 
UC Riverside on Murch 18-19. to 
discuss next year's budget, includ-
ing fee increases. and the Legisla-
tive Budget hearing~ on March 22-
24 in acrdlllento. The hearings will 
include te, timony regarding the 
impact of budget decisions. 

The UC D Guardian Thursday, March 4, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
lET'S SE£ IF C~I..'lllol GCl, 

'Nllku'~ 'Ho'C; tN 
illS ~~~R . 

o 
o 

o 
.. 0 

o 0 0 

STWEItH4IS MAlI ESC-'~.5 ! 
• CI1ll,\")ON 9:lLT Q\JRsl'3 

R---,. nlROJGII WE AIR! 

~ liS ~ m "'PIl\.~ .... '1 
5l'JI'E.N{)()J5 \,\:>Wffi5 Of 
CCtKe.~runoN l\) 111£ 
I\I'>TOR'1 U,ST Of If.~ -'l1t.R. 

5 _ RlR rruIf.H(>()VS' 
T .. FOl1. n.~, FERotITi OL' 
U •. FOR. UNIJElWW. ~O! 
, ... r~ PONg,. Ir\CREPI\JlE .' 
E ... ~ EXCEiJ111T P\l'i'iICl\J£ ! 
N __ H~. _ UII. ,. SCtA.E.1\1\ti6 •. \\~ . 

lIll. l\L CM ~ 10 1W.T-
D ... AA PETERJ4II1A n oN.' 
U ... feR. _ WJ,1f. \lI:Yfl 00 'tOO 

~ nil'>? I'; IT - l ·?~ itt) 
1)..QN.~ ! I\"-~E ~ FE"-R. 
Bo'i<; "'l'IO GtRlS ! 1'''-
mf'OtltWS 1ItIII. c~PlO!-\ 
OF U\JER\'i ~Il JlJ5TIC£ .' 

ITS 1oI()1 E\.\()\.lGI{ mT ~t. 
I\~1ft: ~ IJt \)\'i(II'\.INJ.Rlm S . 

~ tit. "ru To I3'C 
P5'fC~t')T'5. 

£(;0. "'tl.D · t.\~~ERU> O-loJIN! r-"T1Ir~_"IrII'''1!I_1IIIII 
\ 

. - - -!9tJW _we 0 ...... ~"'-,....._ 

-

BRIEFLY ••• 

Chancellor Hosts Student Forum Today 
A student affairs forum, featuring Chancellor Richard 

Atkinson and Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Joe 
Watson, will be held today at 3 p.m. in the Undergradu-
ate Affairs Conference Room at the International Center. 

The forum will provide an opportunity for students to 
direct ly and openly discuss theirconcems about student 
affairs issues with top administrators. SpecifIC discus· 
sian topics will be determined by the students in 
attendance. 

Vice Chancellor Watson Names 
Search Commltt_ Members 

Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Joe Watson has 
appointed Third College Provost Cecil Lytle as Chair of 
the Search Committee for the next Registrar and Admis-
sions OffICer. 

Others named to the committee include Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research (OGSR) Dean Richard 
Attiyeh, Revelle College Provost Tom Bond, Fifth College 
Academic Advising Director Susan Cook, Graduate Stu-
dent Association (GSA) Representative Claudia Huiza 
and various other staff and faculty members. 

In addition to the search committee, various other 

groups and individuals from the UCSD community will be 
asked to participate with the committee through inter-
views and forums. 

The search for committee candidates began in Janu-
ary and will close on March 15. The committee will make 
its recommendations to Vice Chancellor Watson in May. 

IFe, Panhellenlc Association 
To Hold Greek Awards Night 

The Interfratemity Counci l and the Panhellenic Asso-
ciation of UCSD will host its Fourth Annual Greek Awards 
Night this Tuesday, March 9 at 7:00 p.m. in the Price 
Center Ballroom 

The purpose of the event is to recognize the out-
standing chapters and individual leaders involved with 
the Greek system on campus. Individuals are awarded 
for leadership, scholarship and dedication, while chap-
ters are recognized for excellence, academics and 
community involvement. 

The Order of Omega, an independent and national 
honor society for Greek members, will also be naming its 
new members. Further information is available by calling 
Theresa Nguyen at 452-3785. 

""",~. 
today'. surf: 
Water temp: 

~. 

2-4 ft. 
60 · 

Thurs: 68·/49· Fri: 72·/53· Sat: 73·/53· Yesterday: 64·/55· 
Source: National Weather ServICe 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DESIGN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
lUUSTRATOItI: Mlchs Crolt, Tara Eorl. Nathan Erlln . Speed Farris. Jennifer 
Hart. Oomlnle Lobbla. Alan Lund&ren. -'dOano MunOZ. Kalle Roe . AI Spong 
DESIGNERS: Joel ""'01(1. WilSon Cneuna. Cindy Lin. Marcus LOObla. CMstopher 
LOCk 
PHOTOORA,..ERS: David Cho. Sidart Deb. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Matll1ews. 
Lori Mitchell. Chuci< N,uyen. Jennifer Vann 
COPY READUII: MlCIlelle Chlane. Aron Miller. Jessie S)l(lnger, Mal-loo T omsen 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 

1/It L(SD _Is pulIIshe<I ""ndriS rICI ~ IlIi1 \Ill! 1CaOemC)O;r Dr..aior \Ill! _ 
01 L(SD. ~ 0I1Iis """""" h IDf I:lrm. _ h _ or h jliI\. oi\I'QIA penniS$lOf1Is 
SI11C1Iy ~, C 1993. aI .. _ 1/It (.(SO Gua-lfMIIs rot I!SI01SItiIe ioI \Ill! ltiUn 01 

~ II\a'lJ$(l\pIS or ill. The __ e.qn...o h plies i01d ~ ieUeIs or 0lfTV11eI1Ia1n do rot 
~ _ \Ill! oprIons 0I1lie I.CSO ~ i!I! ~ ~ c.Ibnoa. or II1e Assoaatod 
~ 1/It L(SD Cied'.wlis fItICIed IOIe!! by -*C- AW lion pord\ 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, AsSOCiate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

AOYERTISlNQ ASSISTANT: Tara Eol! 
BOB DeANOREA, Business Manager 

MICHAIL FOULKS, AdvertishW Manager 
MillE MARTINEZ, AdVertising Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

SENIOR STAn' WRITERS: Jenny Galena. Oan Krauss. MattheW ROOlnsOl1. Brett := MlCnael ScnwlllU. Sheryt WOlcOtt 
Will I ERi: ElalneCarruso,I<rfSlaQwpemer. Albert Ga1ba1c1I.I<1~ HII\IerSon, 

Billy HwarC. CMs Jensen. Melissa JICOOS, Gl)eJonnson, Rodef1ck Lee. Wendy MtHeIII. 
Theresa Moore. Mdl Moorthy. Julie Pik. PIllA PhllHpa. EIyIlmrO. IIl/r Rldley. ~ 
Saul. R~uSarena. AleUJ. Shennan, JutieShennan. KInIn SpietI4. GnItOrYSI8pnens 

EClltoti81: 5~. Bustness 0tIIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GuMIM, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ : Second Aoaf. ucso SIu<IInI C-.....,.. 'A' 

Thul's,lay, March 4, 1993 Th!' D Cllanlian EWS 3 

IRIPS Graduate Students Publish Journal A.S. M EETING NOTES 
EaD: Publication focuses 
on connection between 
environment and economy 
By Dianne Hasselman 
Guardian Reporter 

Graduate students in the Interna-
tional Relations and Pacific Studies 
program at UCSD have just pub-
lished the second i sue of the JOllr-
f1al Of Ellvirollmelll & D evelop-
mew (E&D). E&D consists of ar-
ticles about the interdependent rela-
tionship between the intemational 
environment and economic devel-
opment policies. 

According to E&D Director of 
Publ ic Relations Meghan Steward, 
no other publication in the United 
States has uch a dual emphasis. 

Created last summer in response 
[0 the United Nations Conference 
on Environment and Deve lopment 

YEARBOOK: 
Poor sale prompt 
cancellation 
Continued from page 1 
of a student populalion of 17,000, 
that's pretty pathetic:' she aid. 

For this year's edi tion, the pub-
lisher required advunced sales of 
500 books in order to publ i 'h the 
book. By the end of fall quarter. 
only 50 books had been purchased. 
and Jensen said the staff did not 
think it could meet the 500 mini-
mum. 

"There have been several people 
that we've worked with in the A.S. 

in Rio de Janeiro, the E&D is the 
work of over 50 volunteer students. 

The majori ty of the anicles in the 
current publi a[ionof E& D respond 
to the current is ue surrounding the 
North American Free Trade Agree-
ment. Steward said that this is ue of 
the joumal focuses on Latin America 
and the possible effects the North 
American Free Trade Agreement 
(NAFT A) may have on M exico. 

Steward said that [he t:l"Jde poli-
ciesof the V.S. and Mexico must re-
flect a mutual respect fordifferences 
among cultures if Mexi 0 i to suc-
ceed indevelopingustrongeconomy. 

"(The United State 1 ha done 
too much in Latin America, and if 
we're going down there. we can't 
j ust ay this i how it's done. We 
have to incorporate their cu lture. In 
Mexico they're going to develop, 
however they 're destroying the en-

and students we've talked to (who] 
wished it were not going away. but 
unfortunalely it i a busincs ·. Our 
[publi hingl com pan lost about 
$ 15,000 on last year's book. 1 un-
derstand they can' t take losses like 
that." Gee said. 

Jensen aid a number of factor~ 
may have contributed to the declin-
ing sales. including in reusing stu-
dent fee increases which restricted 
tudents ' budgets. Last year's 200-

page publication cost $30. 
She also noted a "general apathy 

on this campus," and the possibil ity 
that students do not know that a 
campus-wide yearbook exists. 

'The books t hat we produced were 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
I15i! 
!II!BIZ 

~ Moster Mechanics 
= = == exclusively VW and AUDI • 1870 Miramar Road • 410-1494 

Air & Water Cooled · Maintenance Servas • AIr Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines. Gas & Diesel • Electrical· Clutches· Brakes • Valves 

No! valid WIth IrejOf eng",. '" 
1fanl rriulOn repairs 

Loccl.d In 11141 Autoport Mol • Mlramaf 
Nellt Door to DIscount rJre 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

• a 

CSO ESCORT 534-WALK 
6:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe. Don ', Walk Alone! 

........ 

.. ferk 

.......... DC 

...... 

.... CIIy 
London 
FrInkfwt 
~~~~~oo~·wiDOM:~~ 1 51_ ".1JtU5 moybtroqurm. 
.. ,. ..... "..., .... 

Council Travel 
ucso Pric~ Cmer (by the Post Offic~) 

451·0630 

vironmenl. We need to have poli-
cie that look at both things. You 
can ' t j ust save the environment and 
not have nny economi ' develop-
ment policie ." 

TIle article in E&D offer the 
expert ise of academics und pol icy 
makers. Each article mu t be re-
viewed by fellow colleagues before 
it can be submitted to the joumal for 
election. To date, E&D has a circu-

lation of 1,500 a ademics, institu-
tions and individuals. 

" From the direction our world is 
he.1d ing, we need to do thi . We 
can' t destroy the environment Lori 
we won' t have anything kft. At the 
arne time, we can ' t arre~1 economic 

development. that just isn' t realis-
tic." she said. 

teward said that her main goal 
i to raise UPPOl1 and an awareness 
that the joumal exists. 

good quality. A lot of people didn'( 
gel to see that." said Jensen, who has 
worked on the previous three editions 
of Ihe Triton Yearbook. 

" It's omething that once ou 
graduate ... you can look back at . or 
show relative · ... she suid. adding 
that students who go abroad can 
also use the yearbook to show what 
UCSD is like. 

Despite the book's can ellation, 
the yearbook staff will still coordi-
natc seniorportrait sittings this ye<Jr, 
as in the past. Although si tt ings were 
originally offered in the fall, edi tors 
aid that, due to requests, they are 

planning to provide another oppor-
tunity during the spring. 

A p p A 

Co-op Negotlatlon..- A.S. President Mike Holmes discussed briefly the 
grievances the Graduate Student Association (GSA) has with the recently 
passed Co-op Memorandum of Understanding. The GSA does not believe 
it is necessary to void the agreement with the co-ops within five days If they 
fail to submit their yearly tax paperwork to the administration. The A.S. has 
also received a new draft of the memorandum from the co-ops and Holmes' 
understanding is that a new copy from the administration is forthcoming. 
"We are going ahead with our March 5 deadline for signing the memoran· 
dum,· said Holmes. A special meeting of the A.S. may be called on Friday. 

UCB Legal SUlt- The administration has retained Deputy UC General 
Counsel Gary Morrison for the upcoming lawsuit flied by the University 
Center Board (UCB). Members of the Council expressed concern because 
it was Morrison's memo to Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph 
Watson that prompted his disestablishment of the UCB last month. 

Affirmative Action Advisory Committee- A study by the UC Latino 
ElgibilityTask Force is underway to find ways to improve the representation 
of Latinos throughout the UC system. Members of the commmee plan to 
make the following recommendations to the chancellor: restructure the 
diSbursement of financial aid to meet the needs of the Latino community, 
make the information on fmancial aid, housing, and admissions more 
accessible to Latino students. allow English as a Second Language (ESL) 
courses to qualify for UC requirements, and develop a system-wide plan to 
address these issues. If these recommendations are implemented "they 
will help other minOrity groups as well as Latinos.· said Task Force member 
Veronica Murayama. 

Campus safety- Warren Senior Senator Sean DiThomas reported on part 
of 80 page report on campus safety. The report was compiled partly from 
a survey done by UCSD Police Officer AI Jenkins. "The survey showed that 
most of the crimes on campus are caused because students let them 
happen." DiThomas said. The entire report should be completed Within the 
next two weeks. 

- Compiled by Kirsten Halverson, Staff Wnter 

ERRATUM 
In the Monday. Mar. t Issue or Ihe GUlirdilll/. in the articlc enlltlcd "Thl' Faculty 
Make Thcir Case." President Pelta,on 's four main points \,cre nOI c1c~lfly Idcntlflcd 
duc to an editing error. HIS four points \~erc thJlthe univcp.>ity may nOI have ruom 
ror ruture gcncr.ltions 01 Calirol1lia graduatcs. must funher trim udministnllivc 
costs. cOl1linue to maintain it~ quality while making l:uts and f(l\ICr a be ttcr 
relalion,hip with the people orCltifomia. Il is stJlcmcntthm "We do not \Vantto run 
the besl-ll1<maged second-rate In,itution m Ihe world." was In relcrencc to I11Jlntall1· 
ing Ihe quatlly of thc U . The (jllurdilill regrcl\ Jny confusion. 

R E L z o N 

factory Out{et C[otningStores 
-----'----04 

500/0-900/0 A.PPiitei 
BE LO W RETAIL PRICES 
EVERY DAY 

Some name brands: 
• Tweeds • Generra 
• Express • Victoria 's Secret 

& 

LOCATIONS: 

MIRAMAR 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

450-3323 

PACIFIC BEACH 
93 1 Gamer 
483-5150 

SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460-4370 

ESCONDIDO 
Es.:ondido Promcnadc 

737-6167 



4 DPINI 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSO Ouenll .. ,. pubhshed twtCe • week at the UnrverSlty of Callfonlla, San Otego Contents 
C1993. ViewS expressed h.'~n represent the mljOmy YOte of the ecJIton.1 boarel. and a" not 

necHH'Uy tnose of the UC Board of Repnts. tne .sUCSO. nor tne entire Guaftl/en staff. 

National Service Program is 
The Right Kind of Change 

From the opening d<tys of his campaign through the fin.t munth 
of his admini~tration. Bill Clinton has talked about change. about 
rew rlonggovemmentto make it m re re~pon ~ive to the pe pic. For 
a while. allthi~ 'eemed like typi al election-year hype. But with the 
unveilingofhi\ "national service program" at Rutger~ Unive~ity on 
M nday, the president may have finally staned delivering on the oft-
repeated promise f change. 

nderClinlon 's proposal , college ~t udenl~ will be able to borrow 
money to pay for tuit ion from the federal govemment, provided that 
the money j~ paid ba k through community ,ervice r a payroll 
deduction after graduation. In the plan'~ first year, 25.000 ~tudent!> 
will be eligible to pani ipate in coml11unity . ervi e. growing to 
100.000 in four year. 

litics of the proposal may charge that this new national ~ervice 
program wi ll increase federal !>pending during a lime when the 
preident h uld be I king or ways loeliminate needle. !> expendi-
tures. But if any of the president' propo 'ab deserve to be funded. 
then the national service program is definitely one of them. The 
current sy tern of paying back college loans is a hambles. nderthe 
old program. hundreds of thousands of federally-guaranteed loan 
recipients have defaulted. With fees and tuition skyrocketing for 
many olleges and universities, more students. pani ularly tho e 
who are economically di advantaged, will have a difficull time 
meeting the rising costs of higher edu at ion. More than ever. the 
nation must develop a new program to meet the needs of these 
srudents. Clinton's program not only addre e uch need , it creates 
an innovative ystem which help the community as well. 

"We're gOiJlg to try to restructure the collcge loan program so that 
if peoplc want to serve over a long period of time. they won't be 
di scouraged from taking communilY service jobs just becau e they 
pay less." Clinton aid. The progmm will 'erve as an importanl 
encouragement for tudents to pay back their communi ty as police 
ofli er . tea hers and through other publ ic !>en 'ice jobs. Besides 
improving the community, this ponion of the plan w uld allow 
students a greater flexibility in financing their education. 

True. there are pi tfalls to Chnton .!> proposal. The high cmt of the 
program will no doubt fa estiffresistance in Congres . BUI themany 
long-teml benetit produced by linton's national 'ervice program 
-educated citizens and a stronger 'ommunity, to name two - far 
outweigh the inillal price tag. 

There i!> alway. the danger. as ~ome cri tics have sugge!>ted. that 
a government program. no mailer how noble its aims, will eventually 
become transfomled inro a bureau ratic nightmare. \ hilc thi ' IS 
ce rtainly to be guarded again t. it i. no reason to ignore an therwi 'e 
innov:lIive approach to commullIty service and college loans. 
Clinton's plan may be in its earl stage, but it sel'\es a\ an 
encouraging sign of a new approach that this admlllistmtion might 
take \\ hen addresslIlg the problems that face the nation. 

A Visit Full of Sound and 
Fury That Signified Nothing 

The verdi t is in on UC President Ja k Pelta on' vi ' it to C San 
Diego lasl week. Everyone from ·tudent leaders to faculty members 
to the Guardiall editorial board eems to have reached the ame 
consensus - Peltason's pilgrimage toour canlpu was full of ound 
and fury. but in the end, signified nothing. 

The me ' age Peltason brought with him wa nothing new - the 
univer ity is in a grave financial crisis, the gravest in luding the 
Great Depression, as Pellason pointed out. But if the problem was 
nothing out of the ordinary, then 0 were the answer ' Peltason 
provided. TIlere was talk of fee hike , alary cu ts and administrative 
re~tructuring. but all of it was vague. For a man who will have to 
formulate some type of plan within the next month to meet the budget 
hortfall, Pelta on's ideas were urprisingly light 011 pecifics. 

Even more distressing was the president'S tendency to avoid 
di cu ing j ue pecific to UCSD. Whenever one of the e i sue 
w raised. Pelta on would defer to the "local" administration. This 
hands-off approach may be a convenient way to avoid addressing 
specific i sue , but it is hardly a nti fying re pon e. 

Pelta on' vi it to the campus was a nice idea during tres ·rul 
time for the univer ity. It would have been even nicer if he had 
brought along specific answers to some very troubling questions. 

The D Guardian Thursday, March 4 1993 

PINION 

(:\~d\H~ \...)~ClC:O \0 TH~ ~E NRc:\ ~OR! 
AI spong; Guardian 

JOURNEY TO THE CATHOLIC 
SCHOOL OF THE DAMNED 

COMMENTARY: Spending four years in an all-male Catholic school is enough 
to make even the most devout, pious believer embrace the teachings of Satan 

Everyonce in awhile. usually when of the annual football classic and a ftrst-rate monthly flea 
I have pressing matters to anend to, I market. Down the hill and about a half-mile to the north i 
take some time OlIt to leaf through an NASA's Jet Propulsion LabomtOlj', at one time one of the 
old yearbook or paper and relive a several possible targets in the greater Los Angeles area for a 
memory or two of happy day long Soviet intercontinental ballistic missile strike. 
past_ High school was not such a bliss- Established in I 946bythe Order of Capuchin Franciscans, 
ful time. but ince l only have high the school was built on the fonner site of a IO-acre country 
school yearbooks at my disposal, they club that went bankrupt shortly after the outbreak of World 

BE have to uffice. .IIII!! War n. The school has grown from a one-With crazed cult building,40-student seminary to a six-build-

BOy[HUK messiah hooting at ing,600-studentcollege prep school. Steeped federal agents in Texas, with tradition, many of its graduates have 
scores of doe-eyed Lat- gone into the priesthood or have returned as 
ter Day Saints flocking teachers - or. in some cases, bolh. 
to La JoUa to gawk at a Arguably a cut above public school both 

gaudy pit:.'Ce of masonry and campus theola- in tenns of quality of education and freedom 
gian debating the peculiarities of Biblical Catholic school from random gunfire, the one thing that 
pronouncements for or against homosexual- W .... on the distinguishes a Catholic school is its compul-
ity. my mindhas naturally been occupied with mind and sory religiou training. It i . in brief. four long 
thOllgh~ of religion. yearsofChri tiandogma.mechanicalpmyer, 

1 arll. Godhelpmc,thepr uctofCatholic corrupts the forced confessions. scripted hosannas and 
education. Catholic school today is not what soul. It turns rigid conduct regulations. 
it used to be. With the excepdon of one or two What makes the Catholic school experi-

holdou~ hidden deep within the Ohio River the devout ence so rich, and ultimately so rewarding, i 
al ley, the day of ivy league adolescenl.'. in ChrIstian sUIviving the theology courses without re-

rumpled white ~ shillS and ill-fitting blue nouncing God and evading the student con-
,lacks are gone. The stem nun mamuding solder Into the duct code without getting caugh . The uni-
through the hall with her quick witch has most versity i big enough for the enterprising 
slowed down con iderably in recent years troublemaker to act with almost uninhibited 
(Uld i u ua\ly relegated to helving books in vehelnent audacity. Students often complain of Joe 
the hoor library. The tighl-lipped priest reviler of Watson' alcoholpolicy,buteveryoneknows 
with the indecipherable Irish brogue has been CIwtst'.~. it is dodged easily and often with impunity. 
replaced by the sandy-haired priest with the ann 7' lrnagineflouting such authority on a cam-
Venice Beach drawl. pus a fraction of the size of the university with a stricter 

Catholic education of the '90s is a much less harrowing 
experience than it was 30 years ago. before the Vatican 
decided to drop Latin from its liturgy and liberated millions 
of hool children worldwide from their chain of conjuga-
tion, but it is not without irs own modem cruelties. Indeed, if 
Catholic school is regarded generally as a painful experience, 
all-male Catholic education i unlike any torture devised 
since theMiddleAg . It wears on the mind andconupts the 
soul. It tums lhe devout Qui tian soldier into the most 
vehement revilerofChrist's glory and re~ the remaining 
mass of confused believers into morallyimpocent lummoxes. 

SI. Franci High School i a mall, all-male Catholic 
school in LaCaiiada, California which faces thegrayeastem 
haze known as the San Gabriel Valley. Five miles to the 
southeast of campus is the world-famous Rose Bewl, home 

conduct code and sharper eyes watching for any exhibition 
of sin. Atauniversity. it is nO{ uncommon to break fouror five 
Commandments at a time without a second look or a pang of 
guilt. But at a Catholic school, that i the stuff legends are 
made of. 

Most of the biblical sagacity handed down my way is lost 
to me now, faded by time or eradicated by bitter experience 
or plain common sense. I can recall nary a hymn, nora ritual. 
The Order of the Rosary is utterly lost,so are all the words to 
the Act of Contrition. AliI have left is the robust fear of hell 
I had in my youth. but even that hasn't been quite the sanle 
ince the priests ftni hed with their inimitable work. 

Four years of Catholic education is enough to make an 
agnostic, or at the very least a Presbyterian, out of any man. 

See CATHOUC, Page 6 

THE TRUTH 
Is STRANGER 
THAN LYING 
&AlIRE: Only the best public 
relations weasel can keep up 
with the many clifferences 
between promises and reality 
By Sam Halpern 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Whatever else he is, President Climon is a 
man besieged. Five billion human beings are 
haranguing him. the most difficult of whom are 
his fellow citizens. Americans are an unreason-
able lot, taken to demanding absolute truth in a 
society who e very con titution was purposely 
designed to accommodate hedging. Indeed, the 
hedge is our national flower and has been since 
Patrick Henry demanded liberty or death and 
settled for a ~Iave-holding republic and an upper 
respiratory infection. 

Bill Clinton knows thi , and thus. he made 
his public relations per on. Mr. Sertain 
Stuffalottagas, available to the Gllardiall to 
"clarify" variou "misconceptions" of the goal 
and promi e of hi young admini tration. 

G,lardiall : Good afternoon, Mr. 
SlUffalottagas. 

Stuffalottagas: Good morning, gentlemen. 
Please. call me Stuff. 

Gllardian: Okay. I guess the main issues that 
our readers would like addres ed are the appar-
ent differences between the Clinton 
administration's campaign promises and .. . 

Stuff: Perceived promises. 
Gllardiall: Very well, perceived promi es 

and the real ity of ... 
Stuff: Perceived reality. 
Gllardiall : Alright. perceived reality of these 

promises. 
Stuff: Excellent question. There are none. 
Gllardian: Huh? Mr. Clinton said he was 

going to end gay discrimination in the military, 
request a middle-class tal( cut, make $60 billion 
available for work on the nation 's infrastruc-
ture, and cut the deficit in half in four years, 
while only rai ing taxe on the rich. 

Stuff: You people in the pre s are something 
else. We have never backed off on gays in the 
military. Ithasju t been pu hed back slightly by 
other priorities. We have a targeted start in '94. 

Guardian: Well, that's not too bad. One year 
isn't perfect, but it 's .. . 

Stuff: 2194. 
Guardian: That's ridiculous! That's over a 

hundred years from now. That's ... 
Stuff: One hundred years better than any-

body else has done and totally fulfills the 
president 's promise. 

Gllardian: Let's talk about the deficit. You 
said you were going to slice it in half in four 
years, now you're backing off. 

Stuff: Not the president 's fault. We talked to 
Bush, and he lied about the size of the deficit. 
We took him at his word. 

GllOrdian: How much did he say it was? 
Stuff: $82.61. 
Guardian: Mr. Stuffalonagas, an idiot would 

know that figure was wrong. 
Stuff: Careful-Mr. Bush may no longer be 

president, but he deserves your respect. 
Gllardian: Well ... what about the middle-

class tax cut? 
Stuff: That's been a non-issue since New 

Hampshire, but you guys are being so obnox-
ious about it, we will propose a middle-class tax 
cut of a little over 20 percent. 

Guardian: That's incredible! How can you 
run the country if you cut taxes on middle-class 
people by 20 percent? 

Stuff: Who said anything about people? 
We're talking about native American camels, 
aardvarks and kudzoo grass. 

Gllardian: There are no native camels and 
aardvarks. And kudzoo grass i vegetation! 

Stuff: That 's not the president'S fault. You 
want answers, you got to ask the right questions. 

See STUFF, Page 6 

The C 0 Guardian OPI 10 5 

COMMENTARY: After looking at th pecific of President Clinton's vaunted 
economic plan, it quickly becomes clear that it's politic as u ual in Washington 

A COLD ECONOMIC WINTER 
George Washington If!. 

once said that the prob-
lem with democracy i 

MATT 

HOBIJ15Dn 

that it must feel before it 
sees. Unfonunately, it 
seems. we must first feel 
the effects of Bill 
Clinton'seconomicplan 
before people will look 
at the pecifics. And this 
plan is nO{ going to feel 
good. In fact, you'd bet-
ler prepare for a long. 
cold economic winter. 

Of course, we have heard inccss:ulIly from 
the leaders of the perpet~tl '92 cmllpaign lIlat thi . 
plan will imulraneously create jobs and cut 
government pending by $130 billi n, increase 
government revenu by $181 billion and lower 
th feder.ll budget deficit by $312 bi Ilion. Sound5 
great. d n't it? Clinton and the Democr.lls say 
they've gO{ a full hou~with this plan. It 's time to 
all their bluff and see what their ards really are. 

What the average citizen andespeciaUy cor-
pomtions like about Bill Clinton's plan is the 
possibility for pending cut~ and deficit reduc-
tion. £n hi plan, though, tax increases are masked 
as .. pending reductions," new spending pro-
grams are ostensibly linked to spending cuts and 
the much beleaguered taXpayer i oprimi tically 
and ignol1U1tly giving his support to a Congress 
that has failed 10 deliver even once on such 
promises to change its wasteful way . After 
looking at the specifics of the plan, it becomes 
clear that it i politics as usual in Washington. 

According to the Institute for Research on the 
Economi s of Taxation (IREl). among Bill 
Clinton 's "spending reductions" are at least 30 
revenue increases totalling $40 billion for the 
period from 1993 to 1997. Examples include: 

• increasing the maximum portion of social 
security benefits subject to tax from 50 percent to 

8S percent 
• fees for ,t k regbtnltion 
• increased u,t 111, fees 
• harbor tax incre~L-,c~ 
• increw;ed fees for commodity and fu tures 

crader> 
Bill Climon also ~aid he wants "to improv.: 

pnvate >ector illCentivc~." Unfol1unately. here 
again we see Bill Clinton's tempt illg rilctoric 
falling quite ,hort of the marl.. The increased 
COSts to bw,ines.-,cs implicit in Clinton\ plarl are 
clearly not healthy for the econ my. Among 
those"spendingcuts" are highertaXe.<. for mining 
[md phmmaceLilical comp:mies and higher cor-
poration taXes. Apparently. we must relearn the 
painful e»perience that higher taXes increase the 
cost of capit;iI and reduce the incentive 10 work. 
arId ~\Ve. 

The Clinton plan abo promises that $8 billion 
wi ll be saved by '\treamlining" vanou~ govern-
ment programs. Unfoltunately, !row i, n t ,peei-
fied in the plan. although we are encouraged to 
look for su h specifics. Such an umpecified $8 
billion prom ise has also been made for "other 
admini'lmtive saving~" under thl:! he;lding of 
"multi-agencY;ldmini tnltivet:fficienci\:!l)."nlis. 
too, is left unspecified. 

One gets the idea after watChing Bill linton 
speak that he hru. all ·ort., of ",pecilic, c ncrete" 
programs slated to be eliminated. Remember-
he is going to change the way government does 
business. But fedenll budgetary t:ConomiM SCOIl 
Ijodgeofthe f-Ierik1ge Foundation ha.~ fOllndthal 

only II progmms are actually proposed for ter-
mination. Clinton even misses ridicul us waste ' 
of money. 

For ex~unple, mohair and Yo' I subsidies 
began in 1954 lA:cause they were deemed ~trate­
gic materials. £n 1960, the Deparnllent of De-
fense removed them. We now spend $190 mil-
lion per yearon mohair and wool subl.idie.<.. Does 
the Clinton plan mention lIch a subsidy'! Why, 
yes. it does. BUI the Democnlts in COl1gres; think 
that this subsidy should be reduced to$50,(XXl per 
famler. Thi~ is cl:!rtainly not ch,mging the way 
government doe~ thing~. It ~hows thl:! SJI111:! l:OW-
ar lIy lack of resolve in the f;tce of ,pecial intcr-
e,b. And thi, i, not the only e»:tmple. 

Even the 100.000 federal job, to lx cut by 
:lllriti 11 b ,Ul untruthful , light of hand. In reality. 
the cut is figured by including how many esti-
m;lted jobs Ihere would lx Ihat won'l be fillet!. In 
other word,. It i, not an actual cut LIt' 100. 
currently occupied jobs wi th a,ubl>Cquent reduc-
tion. but b calcubted ITom the number of future 
j bs lhat will be unoccupied. With mathematics 
like th" you might as well CUi one or two million 
more federa l j 00. 

In sum. the Clinton plan i, just the mo,t 
massive tax incre;L'>C in the hi tory ofthi ~country. 
According to D-.lI1 Mitchell of the Heritage POlln-
elation. "What few legilimare CUL\ therc are. are 
outweighed by the incre:L-.ed ,pendlllg." 

It~ms that ineverydcbate \\· lth~l..crtlc,.md 
those who oppo:.c;: the plan, the Chnton n;'JlO't-.e 

i~ the same. TIley portray thc 0Ppo,ltion :l' LllJOC 
and umhinl..lIlg pmlisans of!he,wtU'llllO. Weare 
told by the linton admini,tration. " rfyoU 'vcgOl 
a better ieie". drop b) 1600 Pennsylv,mia Avenue 
and tell us about II." TIle problem with thi~ 

defen.~ i that it faib to defend the plml and leave.<. 
the acrid ~tl:!nch of a red herring. It als h,(:ures 
the true panisaru. of politb as u~ual . 

According to Marlo u:wi, of the non-JXlIli-
See CLINTON, Page 6 

A FIFTH VOICE SPEAKS UP FOR THURGOOD MARSHALL 
Editor: 

As provost of one of UCSD's two un-
named undergraduate colleges, I am writing in 
support of the proposal to name Third College 
after Thurgood Marshall. 

From the per pective of a college that has 
been seeking a name for more than two years, 
I want to stress the advantages of Thurgood 
Marshall 's name. For reasons too obvious to 
elaborate, it is appropriate 10 Third College's 
mission and philosophy. Moreover, the name 
carries a sense of dignity and respect that Third 
College alumni can be proud of when they 
leave UCSD. The present numerical designa-
tion of "Third College" is so nondescript as to 
make it almost meaningle s to employers, 
graduate schools, prospective students and the 
general public. 

Nor can 1 imagine that this name will 
generate significant opposition or hostility, an 
important considemtion as we are learning 
while seeking a name for Fifth College. 

While it should not be chosen solely be-
cause it is non-contentious, the fact is that 
many appropriate names cannot be considered 
because they are so controversial. It is an 
advantage that this is not the case with his 
name. 

There may be Third College students who 
want to retain the current name. since it is, after 
all, now more than two decades old. While 1 
understand this resistance to change (many 
students in Fifth College are also encouraging 
us not to change our name), I am convinced 
that a numerical designation for a college 
lacks the general appeal, the sense of identity 
and the name-recognition which a human 
name carries with it. 

The time has come for Third College to 
e tablish a clearer identity. In my opinion the 
name Thurgood Marshall is the right name. It 
works, both by it sound and what it tand for. 

, ,~ ,.' . 
. ~.\ ~ .. 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
I11e Guarulan welcomes letcers (rom Irs readers. "Illen,1S musl De 
no 100000e, Ulan Ulree ~es. (Wed. douOI",spaced ancI s/gne<1. We 
reserve Ule "gil l 10 edil (or lerwth and darl". Lellers may De 
ClOpped 0" allJ>e Guarulan office on IJ>e serond floor o( IJ>e o/C 
Srudenl Cenre, or _lOy man. Send a/lletlers 10: 

TI'e Guardian 
OpInion Edilor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 920930316 

Third College needs it now. I urge Third 
students, staff, faculty and the UCSD admin-
istration to suppon Provost Lytle's proposal to 
name the college after this towering figure in 
our century. 

James K. Lyon 
Provost, Fifth College 

No 'Charges' Were Filed 
Editor: 

In Chri Jen en's article "Watson Misses 
Grievance Deadline" (Feb. 22). it wa re-
ported that Chri Burnett filed a grievance 
alleging that he was unfairly charged with 
occupation of the orth Conference Room 
and that the "charges" were subsequently 
dropped for lack of evidence. 

The fact i that "charge " were never 
broughtagainstMr. Bumett. and it is therefore 
incorrect to report that Ihey were ubsequently 

dropped. The report of the incidenl involving 
the North Conference Room W:l\ proces<,ed in 
accordance with procedures set forth in the 
UCSD Student Conduct Code resulting in the 
detennination that no "charge~" should be 
brought against him. Although the incident 
was properly proces ed, I have offered an 
apology to Mr. Burnett for any di~t ress or 
inconvenience he may have suffered a~ a 
result of that processing. 

Nicholas . Aguilar 
Director, Student Policies and Judicial 

AfTairs 

Watch Your Use of Letters 
Editor: 

An article written by Paul Phillips entitled 
"Beware of Greek Myths" (Feb. 22) pictured 
next to it a clenched-fisted. spilling. fiery mad 
"non-Greek" holding a sign with fraternity 
letters crossed out. Well, it just so happen~ that 
those letters are our letters: Phi Alpha Delta. 
While we enjoyed the article, we felt a re-
sponse was neces ary to clear our name and to 
make it known who we are. 

Phi Alpha Delta is a pre-law, co-ed frater-
nity. We have Greek letters, but we are clas i-
fied as a pre-professional organization. Our 
motto is "Service to the Student, the Law 
School. the Profession and the Community." 
We infonn our members about the different 
tages of becoming a lawyer: how 10 apply to 

law chool. what to expect when in law hool. 
and the reality of a legal profes ion. 

We in v ite the G lIardiall taff and the UCS D 
community to leam more about Phi Alpha 
Delta and hope that in the future the Guordioll 
will pay closer attention to similar UCSD 
organizations. 

Rebecca Hynd , Pre ident 
Mark ick, Forum Chair 



6 PINION The o Guardian Thur day , March 4,1993 

CLINTON: He 
i politic as u ual 
with a vengeance 
Continued from page 5 

So in two senses Bill Clinton has 
failed to live up to his own polyanna 
rhetoric. His plan d n()(containthe 
pending cuts whi h he impli it 

does. Nor i he the messiah of change 

LITTLE THOUGHT ApPARENT IN,COMMENTARY 

san Citizen again t Government 
Waste, 'ihe problem is that the bal-
ance of power in Congress favon.the 
big-spender. Until this isch:mged. we 
wi ll have a budgetury problem." 
Lewi notes that our budget problem 
are due to a political problem that 
provides no incentive to make ~pend­
ing cuts. 

STUFF: It ' not 
the president 's fault 
Continued from page 5 

Gllordiall: Wh:u about th $fiO 
billion thcn ') 

luff: It ·s not the pre~idem'~ 
fault. George Bu~h \pent thai 6() 
bil lion before he Icft offi e. 

Gllardiall: On whut? 
Stuff BIJntlc~ for YIILha" 

CATHOLIC: A 
harrowing xp Ii n 
Continued from page 5 
111 my lil~t ye;lf. I "new many \\ OlIld-
heJ hn-Paub and ugU~III1CS . bul by 
Ihe time we were marching up the 
,li,lc to !1:\:CIVC our dl'>Charge\ fOllr 
}ear-.lalcr. all bUI perhap~one or two 
of thC!><! future ~oldic~ of Goo h:ld 
D..'l:omc Violent athcl\'" or c mm n 

~treel crillllllal ~. TIle true-blue theo-
I gia~ that remained were moc"ed 
and derided viciou~ly. 

r can still recall squinning un-
com fOllably in many atheologycl3Sl., 

whi h he portray hirnselfto be. The 
results should be clear from our pain-
ful hi tory ofbel.rayal anhe hands of 

Congres.~. 
All of which leads me to agree 

withMarloLewiswhenhe ys,"[BiII 
Climon] is the SUlCUS quo. He is poli-
tics as usual with a vengc..1J1Ce, dis-
guised as an emissary of change." 

Shamir. 
Guardian: TIlat'~ crazy. Ilow 

could he ' pend 60 billion on 
hlinlLt:s for olle man? 

Stuft : Havc you C\<.!r \ecn 
Yitzhak eat bllOtle, ) 

Guordlllll: nlar' ~ It! We quit! 
You 're not gOlllg to gt.:t an) bnoy to 
bc lkvc any of tim. 

lulf. We C.IO. gcntlemcn. Jnd 
I>C wlll. \\e hal l' th' nght \Iulf. 

half-li, telling a .. 411Nion :lfter IdiotiC 
quc\tion \\~ difl:cted at the h.lplC\\ 
fnar./sGodulI/wl (/)'C/ lI'oman ') 1/11\, 
('(111 I hal'eJrel' 11m JjGod 1J1li\,',nl'llGr 
{ UJ7I going f(} do? 11011' ((Ill God hi' 
I/m'c' .I('{x/ralt! ('//lili es:) WI / /..11/ 1I 
/1/011 alld srill 1:o fO hl'U"!,"? Whllf Jo 
youmt!all I/Iasfll)'haliolll~ a JIll? 

TIle JXlOr padre , fed up with re-
peating the ~ne an~wers to the lklllle 
quC\tion, tothe~ame indignant smart-

alcc~ day after day. finally pro-
nounced u~ all hcreti ~ and damned 
us forthwith forourbrazen impiety. If 
Illcm ry serves. I believe I earned an 
"A" in that ci:w.. 

Editor: 
This letter is ju Ito answer a few of 

theque tion whi hPauLHarri poses 
but obviously gave Iinle thought to in 
his commentary ("Gay in the Mili-
tary." Feb. 16). The fi rst and, as far as 
any mili tary per onnel is concerned. 
the mo I heinow, question Mr. Harris 
rai e is that of Ihe ommander-in-
chier. lfMr. Harris had any idea at all 
what being a loyal and dedicated pro-
fes ional serv ing his country in the 
armed service was all aboul, he never 
would have thought to que tion thi . 

TIlequote by General Carl Mundy, 
commandant of the United State Ma-
nne Corps. sums up the very e ~ence 
of mil i tary ucu Icallon - "Marines do 
not quit theIr POl-I. they receive their 
order~. ~alute ri,ply and carry them 
out in the mo\t effective manner. We 
,Ire the guardian" of ur country and 
al e re .. pon~ible for its ~afety . we do 
n I engage III politics to queM Ion our 
leader.. ... Th., ,h uld pUI to re!>t any 
thought lhat anyone in the mililary 
would even th Ill" of que tioning the 
re~peci of our president. TIle very 
131\IIlg ofth" que,tlOn I~ an in,ull to 
all Ihat the \I1anne Corps and Ihe 
military in generJI ~tand for. 

A~ to the second question of ,orne 
purported sa ing of $20 million a 
year. thi~ tigure. Ii"e all those out or 
Washin Ion .• , d lored to tit the 
mold. Pre,idem Clinton could also 
halt investigalions inlo fraud and per-
jury if he wanlcd 10 save money. but 
slirely no ones believe~ Ihis should be 
so. And as we haveeen by his State 
of the Union addre , President 

linton is not interested in saving 
money, merely redi~tributing it in the 

meet LUIS ALBERTO 
URREA author of 

EWIRE 
Life and Hard Times on the Mexican Border 

LJCSr=J 
BOOI<~T<>AE 

LW. Albcno Urr~ willappcarat the UCSD Boou(o~ to discuss 
and si&n his book, A,nIU iii. Wi,.: /..if. _J H .... To ..... ... u.. 
MIJIi",,, &1-J" . Born in TIjuana to an Amerian mothu and a 
MClican father, he gndulted from the Univenity of California, 
an Diego in 1977. In 1982, Urrea moved to MUSlChU.ktlJ , 
whe~ he taught expository writing at Harvard. He currently 
resida in Boulder, Colorado. 

Friday, March 5 
12 noon 

Bookstore foyer 

READERS' 

FORUM 
Democrat ic tradition. 

The i 'ue of gay in foreign mili-
laries is irrelevant and inapplicable. 
Mo t oflhecountries Mr. Harris men-
tions have mandatory ervice and 
con cription law . And none of them 
can hope to hold a candle to our 
fighting force. They are les effective, 
Ie. s capable and Ie important to 
overall security. While they protect 
individual intere b. the Uniled State 
prole lOurs and theirs. as well as 
freedom and democracy. 

The i ue f whether or nol the 
public should have a vOIce is absurd. 
Of course il hould, and in fact, it is 
exa tly becau eofthis that bla " . and 
Olherminoritie ' have their civil righls 
ensured, but nowhere at JOy time ha 
mililary service been a right. People 
are excluded because Ihe are too fat, 
too short. too low, not capable physi-
cally or mentally and for a host of 
other reasons. If they were not ex-
cluded. then lhe mililary would cease 
to be an effective force and would fall 
into di array and worthies ne . 

TIle next is ue is hardly worth 
discussing, but must be in this incred-
ibly na'ive tip-loe dance we are forced 

to do in order not 10 be culturally 
insen itive. The tenn homoM:xual i 
no more or I descriprive or de-
meaning than gays. lesbians. bisexu-
al or whatever they may want to be 
called today. Mr. Harri seem ' to 
have forgotlen that not too long ago 
Ameri ans of African de cem wanted 
to be called African-Americans. be-
fore that Afro-American, before that 
blacks and before any of those col-
ored. 

The line, of which Mr. HanisaskS, 
hould be drawn in uch cases a.s 
unu~ually close phy ' ical and p y ho-
logical contact. as in the military. Due 
10 its very nature, whether in training, 
in the field or in combat, Marines. 
oldier and ~ailors live, eat and 

breathe in closer proxim ity to each 
other than in any other profe~ ion~. If 
any len Ion. re~ntmem or unease 
exi 'IS, it can jeopardize the mi~sion 
and the hve!> of those involved. 

One linal point I \'0 ish to make i 
that mhl~ rac kaboutrehgiousgrou~. 
Mr. Hani .. only ~oughl to weal-en hi~ 
own case by demonstrating Ihe very 
dis riminatory practice~ he purports 
to be against. In his cheap shot at a 
very large segment of the country, 
Mr. Harri~ hows his own intolerance 
of groups with whom he disagrees 
after berating Ihe majority of the pub-
lic for disagreeing with the homo-
sexual or gay li festyle. This is typical 
of uch close-minded, one- ided 
thinking, to assert that certain ideals 
are good for one group. often in the 
mi norilY orcounter to the mainstream 
of American family values, but not 
for anyone else. 

Brendan S. Mulvaney 

Thur day. March4. 1993 The , 0 G u ul·Jillll 

BROWN: 
Former Governor 
pu he refOIm 

JERRY BROWN: 'I'M NOT GOING AWAY' 
Contlnued from page 1 
Democrati pany, 

"You have a y 'lem where 
what you plot out is how many 
rich people [and] how many in-
lere t group can you go after," 
Brown said. 

"Even if you're not bribed, 
your whole mentality [focuses 
on] figuring out where are mil-
lion of d llars to be derived in 
Ihe mo t efficient way." 

De~pile Ihe focus on hi new 
initiat ive,lhediscussion c vered 
a broad nmge of issues. includ-
ing fee hikes in the UC system. 

"F rahundredyears.thi was 
a frt'e university," Brown said. 
" In 1980, Ihey said Ihey would 
[asse 's] ~ome nlOdest fees. TIley 
figured oul, ~mce students never 
prote ted. [that theycouldj keep 
increasing them and they will 
keep increasing them until they 
are $1 0,000 a year. " 

Brown urged student~ to la"e 
an a live role in opposing the fee 
increases and told them that they 
must be more "militanl" if they 
hope to accomplbh anything. 

Brown added that " the free-
dom of the student is being de-
stroyed by getting [ the students] 
in an indentured pattern of debt 
payment." 

Brown drew the loudest ap-
plause when he atlacked priori-
ties of the federal government. 

'There" omething weird 
going on when we pend billions 
of dollars fighting a collapsing 
empire." Brown said. "And on 
the real war, which is going to 
happen in our streets because of 
the despair and hostility happen-
ing along racial lines, they pend 
pennies." 

:Jlowers & 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

an Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

eso ESCORT 

News Editor Francisco DeVries and 
Opinion Editor Philip Michaels spoke 
with the former California governor 
and presidential candidate Jerry Brown 
on Monday, Brown was on campus 
promoting his new plan to reform 
campaign spending, 

Guardan: Just to .tart out, do you 
..... ..., opening comments on 
wiry you .. here? 
Brown: Well ... first of all just to tell 
people about our ·We the People" 
organization. which is a membersh ip 
organization that is committed to both 
social justice and political reform . 
That's its basic thrust. and we are 
involved In commuillty organizing and 
political action .... I'm gOing to talk 
about the political system, the cam-
paign contnbutlOns and how that af-
fects public policy. whether It'S tuition 
or education or health care or military 
spending .... The political process IS 
rigged and biased to fa or those who 
pay for It. And in Californ ia we have the 
possibility for the initia ive to change 
that. 

Then this is the initiative you are 
sponsoring? 
What we're doing is basically seeing 
what level of interest there IS, and 
whether people will be interested In 
involving themselves. So we're see-
ing what's possible through the initia-
tIve as opposed to just candidacies. 
That's unique to California then, 
the Initiative process? 
About 20 states have it, so you make 
laws directly. 

Why would you start In California? 
Well, we're here and we helped pass 
an initiative in Washington D.C. where 
they proposed an $100 limit on the 
local. .. municipal campaign. 

So You',. basically contilMllng the 
themes from your campaip last 
year? 
Yeah, right. Why don't we just... give 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
"I:h IlUtltu.'OC ,,(.s I 0 I K mure 
\ 111 \.lId ~lIh.tll)' ,1Ihcr offer 
EJ.p. 31IKHl • ' . '.DdMr world .... • 

534-WALK 
,6:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don't Walk Alone! 

the people a chance to express their 
views, answertheir questions, and I'd 
like to deal with students here. 

Why UCSD, why here? 
I'm going to San Diego, I'm going to 
Orange,l'mgoingto be up in Berkeley, 
San Jose State, so ... I'll be going 
those places. 

Is there something in particular 
about coil ... campu ... ? 
Because we're Circulating petitions 
and students can be a big part of that. 

Could it also be that college stu-
dents played a vital role In [Presi' 
dent) Clinton's election? 
Yeah, yeah, It 'S Important. I think 
given the big tUition Increases, there's 
gomg to be more student actIVIsm. I 
mean, eventually people are gOing to 
wake up and find out that students are 
not patsies In the whole process, 
they're bemg taxed, essentially ... to 
maintain other people's privileges. 

If you were in Go.ernor Wilson's 
shoes what would you work to do 
to ease the budget crisis, in the 
uc system and throughout the 
higher educatIon system? 
Well, they're Just going to have to get 
more out of It. Maybe they can ask to 
structure the teaching level or some-
thing .... There's a tremendous em-
phasis on research often to the detri-
ment of teaching and learning and 
that balance always has to be exam 
ined .. . I think the university will have 
to get more productive. there 'sJust no 
other choice. 

What impact might campaign fi-
nance reform hay. on the politIcal 
system, Including c1eaHng with the 
problems .......... s the budget 
crill. In Califomia? 
It just makes it a more valid system. 
Right now people running for office 
have to spend most of their time 
collecting money from the rich and the 
powerfuL .. that is not a democratic 
system. It's very undemocratic. it's 

SMOG $13* CHECK 

plutocratic ... and that 's not the way 
its supposed to be. It's unbalanced. 

Pr.sident Clinton's economic plan 
.... received a lot of support and 
a lot of resistance .... Can you elve 
some Impr .... on of hIs plan and 
also suggestions that you would 
make In tennl of changes? 
I th ink the plan has a long way to go . 
There are an awful lot of pieces that 
have to be explained more. During my 
campaign I suggested that the tax 
structure be simplified. and the Clinton 
plan is going to make it more compli-
cated, more loopholes, more brack-
ets that people will try to avoid. So I 
think we need a greater Simplicity, 
numb r one. I thmk the military can be 
cut more . I think Ihe Canadian system 
of health care probably makes more 
sens . I also think the national ser-
vice Idea wlJere you're going to be 
able to pay your college expenses by 
two years of national service, I don't 
know what happened to It. and that's 
really Important. That s supposed to 
be the centerpiece so I hope he puts 
that in there. 
(Cdltor's note: ThiS mterview took place 
the day before President Clinton un 
\eiled hiS NatlOllal Service Plan during 
a speec/l at Rutgers UniverSity.) 
Also during the speech, the presi· 
dent talked about reform ... 
What? Campaign reform? Yeah, but 
he didn't specify. I want him to reduce 
contributions to $100, free teleVISion, 
free mailing, limit these campaigns 
and make them more rational. 

Do you think you had a lasting 
impact, in tenns of your '92 cam-
paign? 
I don 't know. that's why I'm still here. 
I'm not going away. We're going to 
make that impact, but you have to 
keep working at it. The basic issue, 
like inequality, that's not being dealt 
with yet. the basic assault on the 
environment. that 's not being dealt 
with , The black-white gap is getting 
worse. The trade treaty in Mexico is 

going to get rid of a lot of jobs that 
blue-collar people need. What is the 
answer to that. .. ? 
There ' s a false euphoria now. 
Everytx>dy'sfeelingwonderful, whether 
they 're poor or they're a corporate 
multi·millionaire, whether they're a 
petro-chemical executive or a 
Greenpeace member .... You can't be 
all things to all people. You 've got to 
lay a line out. The difficulty with these 
elections was what was the line that 
was drawn? What did we get? We 
didn't get a middle-class tax cut .... 
That's why I have to continue work· 
ing ... . Both parties are weighted down 
by the ir neeti to pander to the power· 
ful. .. . 

You mentioned that you still had a 
lot of work to do. Is this going to 
be mostly with the " We the 
People" organization? 
Yeah. and working With others. 

Doyouplantorunforofficeagain? 
I don't know. But right now, I'm not 
running for office. I'll be ou speaking 
and dOlllg some te levlsion. 

Do you S88 yourself as being able 
to influence the political trends in 
Washington rigllt now? 
Yeah. You want a shakeup because 
democracy is not working very well, 
It'S not happening nght now .. .. It's 
gettlllg hard to go to school, it's not 
getting easier. A lot of people losrng 
their Jobs .... What's going to change 
that? Now I want to see some really 
Interesting Initiatives, you know. more 
cooperatives. I want to see people 
who work In a business have some 
ownership in thai business ... . So right 
now we Signal that we don't like the 
Bush Reagan years. but where do we 
go from here is going to be qui e a 
struggle .... What I'm looking at is an 
alternative vision of politics and soci-
ety that takes into account the racial 
inequality, the environmental destruc· 
tion, the changing nature of the world 
economy and the need for local power. 
That's the theme .... 

plus $7,00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

YAKIMONO 
Japanese· FOOd 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
Japanese cars only. Includes new 
spark plUCI, set tlmlmc. scope 
encJne, under hood cl\eck. 
VDf'lS. 8- okC qinil. OIItk'MJm oIuas extra. 

from 
Brake Special* $60 

AFFORDABLf & HEALTHY 

caD Auto Car. 
Mon • .frl. 7 am-6 pm, Sat_ S.S YAK I M 0 N 0 (TN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 

ms Regents Rd . (VOIIS SllOpplIIg Cen ter) 
Toke ouI oYOiTObio. w. olso offer coloring ,"",ices. 452·4255 6660 Miramar Rd" lulte C (behind Goodyear) San DIe,o, CA 92121 

(619)558-2436 
, most cars L HOURS: 11:30_9 pm 1Mon.·n..n.I. 1 t:30_10pm IFr, & Sot,I, 5·9 pm Sundays .J 

--------------------

, Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OU~~~Rlt~~F6"~lE 
Insurance, Health Plans 

MedI-CaI Aoceoted 
VIsa, Malter Card, DilCOver 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

1619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI 
(714) 851-1201 

$1 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 



ANNOUINCEMENTS 
Do you need an on -campus Notary 
Public? If so. call 587·7911 . (1 /4·6/3) 

Gay Youth Alliance sponsoring a semi -
formal dance. Saturday 316 9 p.m .. 1 
a.m. Info 233·9309. (2122·3/4) 

Join us RISC staffers I Applications 
available 3rd floor Price Center or 
call 534 -4482. Due 3/5/93 . (2125 -31 
4) 

JAMBA Y - will be on Revelle Plaza 
Tuesday . March 9 at noon. (314·318) 

Gay /Lesbian Water Polo Play· 
ersl Cygnets Water Polo 's re o 
c ru i t i ng ne w me mb e rs . Great 
wo rkout s on Saturdays and a 
chance to make fr ie nd sl All levels 
o f playe rs welcome . Contact 
Andy . 558· 9437 . (3/4·3/8) 

The e 
advertiser make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
reces ion-bu ling bargains. 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmalr's .............. .. ... 222·0220 
La Sandale .......... ......... 488· 1134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455'()662 
Beans . .... ... 453-9252 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSO 
Callahan's Pub ............ 578-7892 
Koaia's Frozen Yogurt .... 452·0524 
Yaklmono ................ .. . 452·4255 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695· 1990 
Robert's ........................ 275· 1 t32 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Al1itudes .... ........ 457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSO Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Betng Fit ................ .... ... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............. 535· 1379 
Tan 4 Less ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Sch lussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard 8arsan. DDS .459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ...... .......... 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery ........... .... 450·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Travellefs Depot .......... 483·1421 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ........... ..... .. 457·1007 
Kinko's .................. ....... 457·3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning .. ............. 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456·4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587·1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
SI. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Azita Electrolysys ......... 454·6044 

The C 0 Guunliun 

~-
I ~J " JASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. TheGuardianresefiles the right rorefuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian ,Attn: Classifieds ,9500 Gilman Drive , 
0316, fA Jolla , CA 92093-0316_Actual address: Student Center A, topj1oor. 

Gayl Lesblan Swimmers! Want great 
workouts while making new friends? 
Join Different Strokes SWim Team. 
Practices on Tuesdays. Thursdays, 
and Sundays. For more information. 
ca ll Andy , 558·9437 (3/4-3/8) 

SHREDDED JUSTICE & 
BUSHGATE: Why Clinton Must 
Prosecute. a talk by Danfel Sheehan. 
March 12. Torrey Pines Inn. 7.30 p.m 
$3 students . Sheehan helped win the 
Karen Silkwood case and knows the 
inSiders - hiS stones and information 
are eye·openlng (31 1.3111 ) 

Heading for EUROPE thiS summer? 
Only $269 11 Jet ther ANYTIME for 
$269 With AIRHITCHI (Reported In 
Lef'sGol& N Y Trmes.) HAWAII · $129 
each wayl NEW YORK $ 129 each 
way! AIR HITCH • 310 ·394 -0550. (31 
4·3 11 ) 
----------

V-BAR. The best sports bar In San 
01 go IS celebrattng Its first annlver· 
saryll Come meet professionat men 
and women voll yball players. watch 
yourfavonte sports. play darts, shuffle· 
board and morell The party IS thiS 
Friday at 7 p .m In San Dlego's only 
non·smoklng sports bar II Volleybar 
and GIIII on Cass Street . In PaCifiC 
Beachll (3/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN· 
SHIPS. Most posillons fi lled by Feb. 
Gain val. exp ma naging 6 · 8 
employees, customers, and suppliers. 
Avg . ea rnin gs 6- 16 .000+ . Ca ll 
·Unlversl ty Painti ng Pros: Info/appl. 
CALL 800-525·5877. (1/7·3129) 

EARN $ 1,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circu lars!. .. Begin NOW! FREE packet l 
SEYS. Dept. 19, Box 4000, Cordova. 
TN 38018 -4000. (2111 -4/29) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE ! Many 
posi tions. Great benefits. Call 1·800· 
436·4365. ext. P·3387. (2111 -3/8) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT-
Make money teaching basic 
conversational English abroad. Japan 
and Taiwan. Make $2,000-$4,000+ 
per month. Many provide room & board 
+ other benefits l No previous training 
or teaching certificate reqUired. For 
International Employment program. 
call the International Employment 
Group ' (206) 632·1146 ext. J5976. (21 
16·314) 

RAISE A COOL $1 ,000.00 IN JUST 
ONE WEEK! For your frat. sorority, 
club. + 1.000 FOR YOURSELFI And a 
FREE IG LOO COOLER if you qualify. 
Call 1·800-932·0528, Ext. 65. (2122· 
4/19) 

300 SUMMER CAMP POSITIONS: in 
NY. PA, MASS & MAINE. Need skills 
In : TenniS. WSI/swimmlng. water' 
skii ng , s a ili ng . Windsurfing . 
gymnaastlcs. equestrian. baseball , 
basketball. soccer. hockey. lacrosse. 
canoei ng . a rche ry. ro cke try . 
woodshop. ceramics. fitness. dance . 
p lano . gu i ta r . rope s/p loneerl ng . 
nurses, food service Upper class men 
preferred. Arlene - 1-800·443·6428. 
(3.1·4/15) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT . 
fishenes. Eam $6OO+fWeek in cannenes 
or $4.000 month on fIShing boalS. Free 
transportabon! Room & Board! Male or 
Female. For employmenl program call 
1·206·545-4155 ext. A5976. (311 ·3111) 

Counselors: Camp Wayne. brotherlsister 
camp. N.E. Pennsylvania. 6122·8120193. 
All sports. water. and cultural activities. 
Many positions available. On-campus 
interviews. Thursday. Apnl 15th from 
10:30-2p.m. For more info, call 516·889-
321 7 orwrite 12 Allevard St .. l.Jdo Beach. 
N.Y. 11561 . Include your school phone 
number. (3/4-4112) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on·campus Notary 
Public? If so . call 587·7911. (1/4·6/3) 

. .. 

• 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

:-':0\\ 0rlon .It :'\oO;..J lHl SATURDA YS & SL':,\()A YS 
, 

~ Join us for your favorite IIWII' sports events on ~II" "::2 ',"",:;;:"4: 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. 
On campus and affordable. Call Mike 
622·1147. (1/14·3111 ) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait . Xeroxes and more. 
Near SI. Germain's. 452·9949. (111 9· 
6/3) 

Need typingl word processing done? 
Will do any size Job. any type of job. I 
will alsodo editing if neededorwanted . 
Call Carol 481 ·6364 evenings. (111 9· 
3111) 

WORD PROCESSING- papers, 
resumes. etc. Proofreadlspellcheck 
Laser printing. From $1 .50/page . 
Sharon 481 ·7604 evenings. (3/1·3/ 
11 ) 

Biology tutor. Do not take your chances 
on the next exam! Call ANNA 793· 
9174. (2/25·3/11 ) 

YOU ' RE PREGNANT ... NOW 
WHAT? Catholic Charities Maternal! 
Infant Services oHers free. non·judg-
mental counseling. For information 
about counseling. adoption, or our 
residential facilities in San Diego call 
1·800·682-9164. We care and can 
help. (3/1·314) 

Accurate + fast typing . Reports and 
resumes. Sue 548·1788 or 538-6191 . 
(3/1 3111 ) 

LA JOLLA TAN - Attention UCSD 
Studentsll La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from 
UCSD in the Renaissance Ctr. near 
Rubios Fish Tacos. SPRING BREAK 
SPECIAL 2 PEOPLE TAN FOR THE 
PRiCE OF 11 See our ad in this issue 
or call 622·1122. That's LA JOLLA 
TAN. (3/1-3/4) 

Heading for EUROPE this summer? 
Only $26911 Jet there ANYTIM E for 
$269 with AIRHITCH I (Reported in 
Let'sGol & NYTimes.) HAWAII - $129 
each wayl NEW YORK· $129 each 
way l AIRHITCH® 310·394·0550. (3/ 
4-3/11 ) 

SERVICES: NEED MONEY FOR 
COLLEGE? You may qualify for fi· 
nancial assistance regardless of your 
GPA. SAT scores or income. For reo 
corded message call 278·2495 x305. 
(314-3/11 ) 

VOice, plano, organ, guitar. 43 
years, all levels . styles. NY City op-
era . musicals. top clubs. BM Chi· 
cago Conservatory of Music. Spe-
cial student fee • singl play easilyl 
quickly. Michael Bondon 598-5223. 
(3/4,4/8) 

Thursduy , Mureh 4, 1993 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La Jolla 
Barber Shop. Quality Barber. Hair 
Cuts. $8. 7760 Faye Ave .. Suite F. 
459·5792. (314) 

WANTED 
Seeking 10 patients with headaches 
for a research paper. Dr. Finley 452· 
2882. (2122·314) 

TUTOR for Qualitative Research 
Methods and Design course 
(elementary !) $20/hr. 452·5690. (21 
25-314) 

Looking for people who have had an 
experience with SO Misdemeanor 
Court for research paper. PLEASE 
call 692· 17221 (3/ 1·3111) 

Healthy men and women ages 18 to 
45 years old are needed to partiCipate 
in a UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the effect of sound on the 
eyeblink reflex . Call 543·2494 for 
information. (3/4) 

$$forold MCATpracticeexams. Brian 
622·9031 . (3/4) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats. 4· 
wheelers, motorhomes. by FBI. IRS. 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 1· 
800-436-4363 ext. C -7556. (2111 ·3/8) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Com· 
puter homework at homel $157. Plug 
in and go. 554·0414. (211 ·3/11 ) 

SEIZED CARS. trucks, boats. 4wheel· 
ers. motorhomes, by FBI . IRS. DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 1-800-
436·4363. (2111 ·3/8) 

Bike Frame - Brand new 21 .5 Ra· 
leigh ·Peak: Burgundy·Black ONLY 
$200.00 o .b.o. Call Travis 455·9039. 
(2118·3/4) 

Queen Bed (metal frame. box spring. 
mattress). Great condition , clean! 
$150. Apple lie (keyboard , monitor. 
printer). Perfect for word processing! 
$300. Moving + I mustsell. Kristin 755· 
4374. (3/1-314) 

MACINTOSH IIsi, 9MB RAM, 120MB 
HD , Sony 1304HG monitor, Apple 
Laserwriter LS printer. 2400 Baud 
modem. software: MicrosoftWord 5.0. 
SuperPaint 3 .0. Think C 5 .0 . 
ClarisWorks. $2500. 455·5691 . (2122· 
318) 

LASER VIDEO DiSCS rental special 
$1 . Best price on iaser video disc 
players. Lazer USA. 457·3401 . (3/1· 
3111 ) 

HONDA EliTE '90. 50cc. excellent 
condition. runs perfect. economical 
transportation + parking. helmet, $550. 
452-9955 Craig . (3/1-3/4) 

Surfboard for sale - 6'8" excellent 
condition. 552·0920. (3/1·3/11) 

1986 Hyundai Excel GL. AMIFM cas· 
sette . 5 speed. AlC . 4 door hatch· 
back. blue. runs + drives perfect I 
$2 .000. Call 587-7003 or 587·2807. 
(3/1-3/4) 

1983 Yamaha Virago 500cc Motor· 
cycle , red. Just serviced. new tire , 
$650 negotiable. Mike 452·9430. (31 
4·3/8) 

~ & , ' ~;~ ri3:1:'~ 
TV s ·seREE·NStr' 

Third College Scholarship 
applications are now available at the following 
locations: Dean's Office 

PITCHER & POOL Night 
FREE SPECIAL 
Pool Pitcher Prices 

..... :.~. 

SUNDAYS! 
Absolut $250 Bloody 
Marys 

Residence Life 
Scholarship Office 
Academic Advising 
TC Student Financial Services 

Drink Specials e.1 Great Food • Deadl ine for submission : May 14, 1993 
. 5 POOL TABLES · ·ICE HOCKEY 'OARTSJ 
.' . . .', . ',', 'Ii 

~~ ___ 'X. The scholarship award is $1,000 
4240 LA JOllA VillAGE DR. , lA JOllA 

call 619587-1414 ext. 6220 

Thllrsclu_ . Mu,· ... , 4 , 1993 

BEST BUYI Volvo 1977. 130K- Runs 
great. looks good. $2.000.00. Moving 
to Maine. Call 450·6460. (314·318) 

Dining room table with 4chairs $50.00 
o.b.o .. 6'6" surfboard with O'Neil Re· 
actor SpringsUlt $200 o.b.o .• 2 silk 
suits $1 00 o,b.o. Sony spo rts walkman 
$25 o .b.o ., a box of garage sale stuH 
$20 o.b,o. Call 270· 1488 and rob a 
desperate fellow studenl who is trying 
to finance a Spring Break trip. (3/4) 

Moving Sale : dishes, dresser. stereo. 
printer. futon . dining table. mattresses. 
SaVSun. 10·3. 457-1554. (3/4) 

SADE TICKETS! Last chance . Fri . 
March 5 . '93. San Diego Symphony 
Hall. Call Stephanie 587·2542. (3/4) 

Guitar: steel string acoustic . Perfect 
condition , full size . Brand new. $90. 
586·7928. (3/4·4/1) 

SPEAKERS - 125 watts each. Fine 
sound + look. $150 for both o .b.o . 
558·4628. MUST SELl! ! (3/4·3/8) 

Panasonic KX·P1123 Printer. 24 pin . 
Brand new never used, $150. Mac 
adapter available. too. Erin 622·9294. 
(3/4·3/8) 

HOUSING 
Female roommale wanted - Spring 
quarter andlor summer Villas of Renais· 
sance:4 pools, dubhouse. washer/dryer. 
underground parking. close to campus 
and UTC. $300/month. Call Sherry 452· 
2568. (2116-3/4) 

ON·CAMPUS APARTMENT-
MATE(S) for 93·94. Must be Third 
College male(s). I have GUARAN· 
TEED HOUSING privileges to offer. 
Call me. Chee·Hahn. at 546-1644 and 
we'" talk. (2122·3111) 

Female roommate needed spring 
quarter. Own roomlbath. Nice view in 
UTC. $425. Jamee 458·0355. (2122· 
3/ 11 ) 

SPRING QUARTER and summer. 
Master bdrm. $370'one person . $235· 
two to share. own bath. washer/dryer. 
pool, bus to UCSD. non·smoker. non· 
allergic to cat. Call Stacy or lisa 625· 
0821 . (leave message) (2122·3111 ) 

ROOMMATES WANTED : 2 single 
rooms available in PB. Cute house. 
porch. $341 + utilities + deposit. 270· 
7857. (2125-3/4) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Your own 
master bedroom/bath in La Jolla Village 
Tennis Club. tncludes: pool, pool table. 
jacuzzi, tennis. wid. Transferring and 
need male to take my placel Only 
$395.00 554·1302. (2125-314) 

Need female to share existing apartment 
and/or look for another place. Kim or 
Linda 453-2092. (2125,314) 

Attention l Your own room in a house 
in P .B. Spring Quarter. Only $308. 
Jason 483·5738 . (3/1·318) 

Claire mont condominium for sale ' 
Great slarter - appliances included. 
2-bdrm (large master), bath . patio , 
parking. washer/dryer. pool , weight 
room . jacuzzi. sauna. BBQ grills, 
fountain. Very affordable In low 80's 
571·0860. (311 ·3111 ) 

Room for rent. $350 .00. Own bed and 
bathroom. No smoking. Pool and spa. 
Washer and dryer. 2 blocks from 
Highway 52. Available 3/1/93 . 278· 
4581 . (3/1·3/8) 

PB share furnished 2 bed/2ba condo 
wi working male. grad student. Pool. 
spa. balcony. bay views. Non·smoker. 
$400.00 + 112 utilities and $450.00 
dep. Avai!. 3/7. 272·3129. (3/1·3/8) 

Roommate wanted for spring quarter. 
$340/mo. + 1/3 uti li ties. Call 558·2076. 
Vons area. (3/1·3/11) 

Seeking easygoing . responsible 
female roommates for sunny PB 
house. Single. 341.00 + utilities. Laura 
270·7857. (3/1·3/11) 

Mission Beach, to share Boardwalk 
over house. pool room. entertainment 
room. wet bar. living room. Over2.400 
sq. It. Private room + balcony . $450. 
Must see. 488-61 20 or 274·4777. 
Dann or Mindy. (3/1·3/4) 

Housemate wanted : Every conceivable 
amenity in your own master bedroom' 
bath. Within walking distance of school in 
taJolia Village Tennis Club. Transferring 
and need maletoiake my place. $395.00. 
554·1302. (31 1·3/11 ) 

Imm' lIMA BILL 
DE NIRO THURMAN MuRRAY 

·_ ....... be.* 
A"'*nllo~.bea_ 

.waDllt1.~ ratIrI be anywIm but ImmI tInl_ 

COMING ~OON TO A THfATR~ N&\R YOU 

TIll' C~ 0 Glla rdian 

Furnished condo . - Regents Rd . 2 
bdr .. 1 ba .. balcony. $825.00. 619· 
491-1196 or 714-779·0540. (3/4-51 
5) 
Female roommate needed : own 
room , washer/dryer. pool . garage. 
c lose to campus & bus routes . 
$425/month + 1/3 utilities . 453 · 
4418 . (3/4) 

3 bedroom condo oH Easlgate Mall 
available July or September. $11401 
month. Nina 792-6453. (311 ·3/29) 

UCB professor seeks to exchange 
beaut i fu l 2-bedroom hous e in 
Berkeley hills for house In La Jolla 
area for 6 weeks th is summer. If 
in te res ted ca ll 510 ·524·3626 . (31 
4) 
Female roommale. share ro om . 
$295.50. 113 utl l. . wId , pool, work·out 
room. Walk to UCS D. 535·9498. (3 /4· 
318) 

Rent for 3 months. April 1 to June. 
House In Clairmont. Own room. $285 
+ utt!. 569·5040. (3/4·3/8) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Gold bracelet wi hearts . 2124 
poss. in Central Library Sentimental 
Val. Reward 267-7741. (314) 

LOST: Woman 's watch near fibraryl 
Price Center, sun/ moon , broken 
band. on 2/24 . Mara 483·4105 . (3/4· 
3/8) 

PERSONALS 
Smo - What wou ld I do without you? 
Thanks for being such a great friend . 
C.L. (314) 

Vana. don't forget to turn in your 
speech for Fifth College 
Commencement by April 5 to the Fifth 
Dean's OHice. Edna. (3/~) 

JENNY, how about that cup of coffee? 
Call me @ 534·2457. "The Bus Guy" 
(3/4) 

Cisco . you played your guts out for the 
Monkey Boys. but we let you down.-
Phil. (3/4) 

CLASS IFIEOS 9 

.8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 622·1122 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

1.1 00 -0 F F STUDE~~~ECIAl Buy ONE MONTHI I Yo any I unlimited .. . o friend gets I 
: clothing p.urc~ase I FREE MONTH : 

Sundresses, bathmg SUIts, shoris, I UNLIMITED TANS 
and other fun summer wear 
Wl'h this coupon Exp 3/ 151'13. Now cUenlS on~pM~,~ ~:;c"t $10000110 

_________ L _______ _ 

Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos 100/0 OFF 
does not apply to sale items 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 
La, S~ 3761 Mission Blvd . • SO 92109 488·1134 

The Gllardiall and Hollywood Pictures, in 
association with Hollywood Records, would like 
to test your BIG BAND knowled ge. Who ... 

Call in your answers (or even wild g ue ses) to 
697-1085. The first five correct ca lle rs wil l receive 
a movie package, including 2 passes for the 
preview screening, a copy of the sowldtrack, and 
full size movie po~ter. Good luck! 

1.) ... was known as "The King of Swing?" 
2.) ... wrote "Dance, Dance, Dance?" 
3.) ... was the premier clarinet player of the 40's? 

In a world 
on the brink of war, 

You either march 
to one tune 
or dance 

to another. 

SWING KIDS 
-1------

'''US.w! 

OPENS IN THEATERS EVERYWHERE 
FRIDAY, MARCH 5. 

Soundtrack 

.. " ... "Ulli u 



to ' POHT Th 'D Guardian Monday , Man·h • 1993 

Rugby Searching for Answers WHATZIT: Get me a bazooka 
the Olympics. TIle mascot for the 1996 
Allanta ganl will be. God help u . all, 
"Whatzil." Many scholars have specu-
lated on the exact origin of Whatzit -
a smurf gone horribly wrong, a night-
mare slug, even a human perm cell. 

By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Wnler 

As the old but relevant adage goe , 
sometimes life just i~n't fair. UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Butler's ninlh and 
final season with the UCSD Triton 
rugby team i qui klydeveloping into 
his most disappointing yet. and more 
frustrating. for no particularly good 
rea on. UCSD' first ide remain. 
entrenched in the conference cellar, 
winles in six garnes. falling most 
recently to Arizona State and the Uni-
versity of Arizona, de pite >!rong pre-
sea on performan es. 

"We lost our captain and best 
player I ric Takeu hilto a career-
ending injury and no one has taken up 
the reins," Butler ~id. 'There i ~ a 

erious lack of passion for the game of 
rugby and everybody is just going 
through the motions. We are stuck in 
a losing vein right now and lack the 
mental discipline we need to suc-
ceed." 

Adding to Butler's di~tress i the 
fact that there i no apparent reason 
for the tearn 's udden tail pin. ''We 
haveanexperiencedteam [10 ingonly 
five tartersout of 15 from last year's 
squadl, very few injuriesandthe kill 
and fitne to get by, but there i a 
definite mental problem that has to be 
addre sed by each player. Some 
people have played brilliantly at times 
but are incon i tent." 

There ha . been one bright spot for 
Butler.though.TIle SD sccolid ide 

Lacrosse Declaws Panthers 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports EdItor 

ollling off of <I di~ppoinling loss 
toan:h-rivaI San Diego State, the UCSD 

lal'ro~ team tumed the second half of 
I:N night '~ g:une at Chapman into re-
venge time. The end resull w~ a 14-7 
tnumph over the Panthers that put the 
Tritons III 4-3 on the 5e<Mn. . 

The ganle Maned out , Iowly ~ I' 
UCSD, taking the lead three times only 
to ~ Chapman re\pond wi th goals to 
tie up thecont~1. But the Tri ton~ began 

to takeolltrol late in the half ;U1d held :1 
64 lead at the IIltermi - ion. 

-nle third 4uarter w~ the ~ind of 
play C D ha.\ been 100l-lI1g for all 
~n. TIle Tritons IJcl-ed off th . half 
by scoring with the play of the ganlC. 
Sami Ladah was deep on the right side 
at the attack po!.i lion \ hen he ' POlled 
Ben StewOlll knifing in to the left . Ladah 
fed Slewan, who aughl the ball in the 
air 10 yard, from the goal and didn 't 
bother to land before firing off the shot 
that put C D up. 7-4. 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASI~ 

-~ 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-r-UCSD I 
~ Le Jolt. Village Dr . 

I II:·" " 
UTC 

'I 
r! 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------fill Full Service $:2 99 ~?~~[ F!! !A~! J,.,~" 

I C \ R W,\ SI1 Nol valid Wllh any other oner. SAVE $4.26 
I E'pires 411 9193 I 

~----------------- ______ I 

has lit up the conference with a per-
fect6-0record . "Theirenthu i~m for 
the game is much higher and they will 
cenainly form the nucleu for next 
year's squad," Buller aid. 

Next year' team may not have to 
worry about the pressures of compet-
ing for high national mnkings or a 
hot at the national title. A deci ion i 

expected in May whether the team 
will remain at the more competitive 
univer ity level or drop down to the 
college level. 

In the meantime, the team i et-
ting its sights on winning its next 
conference game on March 13 against 
Long Beach State in Long Beach and 
thealways-cornpetitive60-team Santa 
Barbara Tournament April 3-4. 

Dave P~1er nou:hed four goal!. for 
the Tritons while Brent Rilsabeck led 
the UCSD attack with two goals and 
three ~ists. Goalie Jerome Vial had 
some early trouble but quickly made up 
for it. "It w~ tough for I ial] because 
the lights at the field made the ball 
dim ull 10 see. But h got over that and 
had a good game for us," leam captain 
Mark Steele said. 

The win follows a 13-9 defeat at the 
hands oftheAztecs last Saturday where 
the Tritons could do everything but 
score. "That game we played hard and 
lost, but for thi game the hard work 
really paid off," Steele said. 

ContInued from page 12 
ouLfit Now the trend is toward lovable, 
fl uffy mascots who look like Portugese 
theme park characters gone mad. And 
forthat reason, they must be terminated 
with extreme prejudice. 

For example, take the mascot the 
Padres introduced last year, an appall-
ing creation lovingly referred to as 
"Bluepper" [the Padres ignored my sug-
gestion to name it ·That Hideous Blue 
Creature That Taunts Olildren'1-

Bluepper is a shapeless lumpofblue 
fur with a baseball for a nose. Essen-
tially, it re emble ome po t-
apocalyptical freakcome to wreak havoc 
upon atl unsuspect ing world TIle Pa-
dres expect this creature 10 emenain 
small children? o wonder theirteam is 
in sorry shape ... 

But the situation only get> worse. 
Ridiculous mascots are no longer con-
fined tothestadiumsofsecond-<livi ion 
baseball team . These horrifying fig-
ures are moving on to bigger games-

SOFTBAll. 
Continued from page 11 
double. then came home herselfon a hit 
by Shannon Banch. Banch was sacri-
fi ed to third before crossing the plate 
for the Tritons' third run of the game. 

But the Toreras roared back and, 
capitalizingonseveralkeyUCSDbreak-
downs, took control of the game. 

BUI Whatzit is upposed to be an 
anlbassador for intemational goodwill. 
Imagine a vi itor from Germany or 
Ru ia encoumering thi abomination. 
The odds are that they will return to their 
countries repulsed and launch their en-
tire nuclear arsenals at the United States 
to destroy Whatzit. And is that really 
what the Olympics are supposed to be 
about? 

So our duty is clear - we must rid 
the planet of every mascot from the 
Phillie Phanatic to the Phoenix Gorilla 
before it's too late. Oh, we'll give the 
mascots a two-month anll1esty period to 
flee to their exile honle on Devil' is-
land, but after that, it's open season on 
these det Ulble crearures. If you ever 
spot the San Diego Chicken, just fetch 
me a high-powered rifle because I'm 
going to send that costumed freak to the 
Great Mascot Beyond. 

The second contest was pure frustra-
tion fortheTritons. ''Ourbatsjust weren't 
working. [O'Connor] pitched a good 
ganle, but we couldn't get the hits when 
we needed them. We had baserunners, 
we just left them on," Gerckens said. 

"We taned off on fire," the coach 
added. "But when we were challenged 
wemademi takes. TIleyweren 'tamuch 
bener team than us. we hould 've won." 

r---- ----------------, 

2TANS$1: : BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas . 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for .a friend : 
130 Tan Days $2g991 I 

I --'r 
\.._-----

Wolff eeds. Facial Temere I I 
s...._JAIIY ~ 

o2»l:lO ... ~~.99(""'_) 
----------------r------------------------, 

I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
: Guaranteed ... $48 -$96 " llost 11 inches. and my jeans : 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
I Lose at least 6 " or you don't pay! - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercise or dletlng_ Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 
I PERFECT T liN I GOLDEN TRJ}.NGLE La Jolla P~ Loma Stau Col. I 325t Holiday Ct. 455-0952 22+-9727 697-80t4 I 

acr055 5treet from EI TOrJ1;O Pacific eoach M,"ton Valley La Me!I. 
\ 455-0909 581-9060 542~391 697-8015 J 
'-..: _----------------------_/ 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour .Lazer Copies 

__ --~:~no UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~O<eE,R~~3Y* 
77«1: 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11". Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

EAp.lI11lfJ3 
Not v.lid with 
aDy other orr.f, 

• $20 minimum purt.hue • within 5 mile radiUl of campul 

as always, 10% orr when you 
visit the store .... ith your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, (in the Ralph's Center; 
PI'Ompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

I\fonduy_March 4.1993 

Tritons Can't Exact 
Montezuma's Revenge 
VOUEYBAU.: UCSD falls in three, IS-tO, 15-3, 15-9 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
traveled aero town to play rival San 
Diego State University on Tuesday 
night. looking to avenge its 10 to the 
Aztecs earlier this year. TIle Tritons 
weredefeatedonceagain inthreestraight 
games. 15- 10, 15-3,15-9. 

Host SDSU (8-7, 5-4) was led by 
outside hitter Matt Knepper, who had a 
game-high 22 kills. He also added five 
blocks and five dig . Azteelohn Hyden 
was second on the team with 14 kills, 
one block and an impressive IS dig. 

TheTriton (O- 16,O-IO)wereledby 
Steve Kremser with 17 ki lis, one block 
and three digs. Mitchell Yap added 16 
kills, two blocks and three digs for the 
Tritons in a losing cause. 

UCSD looked strong in the first 

grune, compiling a team total 26 kill 
and a .352 kill percentage. SDSU,onthe 
other hand, besled the Tritons with 31 
kill and a.3 5 kill percenk1ge. 

The Aztee- poured it on in the sec-
ond game with 18 teanl kills and a .581 
percenUlge. 

The Tritons gathered just IS kills 
and a low . 243 percentage, resulting in 
orly tl1ree points scored. 

The third game was closer, with 
SDSU pounding out 21 kil1s and a .361 
kill percentage. The Tritons managed 
19 kills and a low .238 percentage. 

The loss drops li1e Tritons toO-I60n 
the season and 0-1 0 in Mountain Pacific 
Spons Federation matches. 

'The Tritons will continue the sean:h 
for their first victory of the season on 
Saturday night, when they play host to 
BYU at7 p.m. 

Shannon Bartch sc:orecI during the first prne of Tuesday's twin bill. 

UCSD Loses Sixth Straight 
SOF1BALL: Tritons swept in doubleheader at CSUDH 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team cOlllinued 
its early season lide on Tuesday, get-
ting wept in a doubleheader against 
Divi. ion U Cal SUIte Dominguez Hills, 
84 and 3-0. The Triton have lost ix in 
a row, their only win of the season 
coming in the season opener at Point 
Loma 

Me nUll errors have plagued UCSD 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concern, but seiling 

what you sell Is. 
o T= oW" ..... '". 1.1 ... 

so far thi~ season and Tuesday was no 
exception. "We made a lot of mi takes 
that gave them some unearned runs. It 
justwasn 'tclickingforu ,"UCSDHead 
Coach Patricia Gerckens said. 

The Triton actually gOI out to a 3-0 
lead in the first inning of the first game. 
Cathy O'Connor ingled, stole second 
and went to third on a wild pitch. Emily 
Rubin broughl O'Connor home on a 

See SOFTBALL, Page 10 

4S7-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday-Thursday 6 am-It pm 
• Friday 6 am-midnight 

• Saturday 7;30 am-midnight 
° Sunday 8 am-I t pm r-------, 

I $100 OFF I I I 
I Any Cappuccino, I I I 
I Mocha, or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I 

OM l'er CHJIOIMr. c.",. JIINfJ) 
I 

-------

Thl' UC D Guardian POHTS 11 

Jason RltCl1le/Guar(1Ian 
Steve Kremser, shown here against Stanford, had a team-ieadlng 17 kills against San Diego State. 

BASEBAIJ.: 
Triton top Coyotes 
in 11 , 7-6 
Continued from page 12 
hot to deep left fi eld . where 

DeLongchmnp caught up to it at the 
fence, but dropp..'d the ball. Abram~n 

ored and the Tritons took a 5-3 lead 
into the lOp of the ninth. 

But when Coyote Ja kie Jemp~on 
ripped Luhn;en 's delivery off the <1 -
foot sign in centerfield for a Ie:tdoff 
double, there was reason for concern. 
UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates quickly 
replaced Luhrsen(8IP,4R, 3ER, IOH) 
with lefty Steve Height. After a deep 
hot to center for the ftrSt out, Height 

gave up back-to-back triples to pinch-
hiner Jason Krau and Jason Lyman 
and the game was tied. 

Yate then brought in Mark 
Hartmann. His first pitch was ripped 
into the left centerfield alley, giving tile 
Coyotes a tunning 6-5 lead heading 
into the bottom of the ninth. 

Normally a young team might not 
have handled the adversity of such a 
cMhing comeback. especially with the 
losses accumulating as they have for 
UCSD. BUI once again Yates' troops 
proved up to the task. Miyake took 
center stage in the bonom of the ninth, 
leading off with a base hit and stealing 

Dan McDowell / Guallltan 
Mark Hartmann got the win. 
second as Magdaleno struck out. 
Abramson grounded softly to second. 
advancing Miyake 10 third with two 
outs. 

That left the grune in the hands of 
Nahmias, or so it seemed. Facing David 
Ayala. Nahmias never had to swing the 
bat. As Ayala began his windup, Miyake 
(2 -5, 2 RBI. 3 SB) streaked forthe plate. 
slid under the tag and stole home. TIle 
play not only electrified the crowd and 
the Triton bench. but left the Coyotes 
stunned. 

" It was just instinct more than any-
thing," Miyake said. "We always have 
the green light to go if we think we can 
make it, so I jUM rJJ1 as hard as I could 
and yelled at the battertostep out of the 
way. When I saw the catcher drop the 

ball. it wa~ ju~t the greate.~t feeling." 
"It was I Miyake ' ~ I dec i~ ion to go. an 

aggressive decision and obviously :J 
very good decision." Yate~ ~tid . "Con-
s iderin~ our record. what do we have to 
lo-,e by being aggre.,~ive·)" 

111C Tri tons mis-I,t.'(1 an opponul1lt} 
to end the game intheirhalfofthe 10th. 
when. thank~ to twO of the live inlcn-
tional walk~ handed out by CSUSB. 
UCSD had the base.., loaded Wilh one 
oul. Buu Am' n scorched a ball into left 
field. bllt with the outiie Id drawn in, the 
left fielder made a diving catch. Ja.~on 
Aguilar. who W~ ~wnd ing on third, 
didn't t<lg up on the play and h:.Jd to 
remain at third. The rookie mistake 
didn't cost the Tritons. however. In the 
bollom of the 11th. Hart drove in 
Nahlllia.~ with the gllllle-winning I1In. 
sending UCSD to i~ second victory of 
the season. 

For UCSD, Hartmrulll (I.- I) picked 
up the viclOIY and added a base hit in the 
gatl1e rally. Ayala took the defe:lt for 
San Bemardino, which fell to 3-8-1. 

After their early ~eason problelll~. 
Tuesday's ganle gave the Tritons ~v­
eral positive signs , uch ;l , Luhr.,en ·~ 
eight inning effort, clutch two-out hit-
ting and the ability to an wer every 
score by CSUSB. 

"Every inglc person did ~omething 
very good to help us win this game," 
Quandt (2-4, 2R, 2BB. I SB) said. 

Pacif c Beach 

BREWHoUS E 
M t C ROBRl:. W ERY & R ESTA URTA:-:T 

THUR DAY 

COLLEGE BEER 
& SPAGHETTI NIGHT 

• PAGHETII $399 w/mem or Marinara 
sauce & bread 
(after 5 pm) 

• MICROBREWED $ 00 
BEERS 1 
All 10-oz. gla es 
(after 7 pm) 

* Remember all $1.00 * 
beer. are NOT THE SAME! 

SUNDAY 
---

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

• ALL 

. ::~~:S $ 5 O~. 
PITCHERS 
(,feer 5 pm) 

* Try the THAI * 
CHICKEN PIZZA! 

4475 Mission Blvd, 274.ALES 
comer of Mission & Gamet • SeaCoa t Square __ ----

• FREE PARKlNG off of Homblend St. 

• 

• 

-



PHll..IP 

MI[HHEL5 
A Chicken In 
His Crosshairs 

Lord know, I'm a tolerant man. [ 
can withstand any foml of obnoxious 
behavior, no maner how repugnant it 
may be to ordinary men. Someone 
,moking in the non-smoking section? 
That 's cool with me. A miscreant i 
driving 20 mil low the peed limit in 
the fast lane? Live and leI live, [ say. 

ome uncouth lummox keeps lerring otT 
belchc.-, lhal register on the Richter 
Scale? My parents d that at the dinner 
table. Y ct, while [can accepl lhese 

breachc~ of etiquette. ll~ heino~ 
cxample~ of human behavior. there is 
onl! lhmg n this eanh that will render 
me gla ... ~y-eyl!d wilh ~niveling hatred. 

Profe.~ional ~port., mascot, are 
driving me to ki ll . 

I don'l me;Ullhal I ~imply get 
annoyed each time I ~e a grown man 
Iroli king around . me ballpark In l 
clown ~uit or Ihall find their wacky 

anti~ dist'L~l efli l. j o. I me,ul l rl'lllly 
hme ma!>Col~. I lull my'IClf to sleep each 
I1Ight. dreaming of an untimely demi.~ 
for 'Ulyonc fool enough 10 pUI on a giant 
animal CO~lLllllc . 

There wa~ once a tnne whcn I loved 
m:L\Cot,. whcnthc thollghl of .,omeollc 
In a fo,lm lUbber dud. \\ ,l\ jU\t I cool 
ttll' \Ior(b. BUI I W:l\ :,even ye.l/'S old 
lxi ~ Ihen. With the onset of pUberty. I 
Clune to the indi!,putable conclusion that 
m3.SCOIS longed at theme par~ and 
shopping mall" nOl at Dodger tadium 
and the Great Wc-\tem F rum. 

I thlilk the dctidtng moment ~ r me 
c:une when I went to.1n Oakl:md A'~ 
game sever:!1 years ago. AI the time, the 
/\" had a mascot named KrJZY George, 
a .,lightly balding m:Ul who would IUn 
,U'Ollfld the Oakl:Uld oli~ul11 LxUlging 
lln a pot ,mel , lobOCring all over himself. 
"nle A \ followers Ihought Krazy 
George was a tme fan - Ithoughl he 
w:t\ a bli lhering (l~ . 

"t aboll1 the "une lime. the ill1 
Francisco G iant~ had j List illlrodLi 'ed 
their new m:lllCot - the Crazy mb of 

'Uldle'li k. l1le Giilllt~ managemenl, 
n:alizlflg how ullerl siupid m:&ots .Lre. 
ewne up with :Ul ingenious plan for the 
Crazy mb. While the CrJ1.Y Crab I':U1 
around the field during the middle of lhe 
tifth inning of ea h game. Ihe f:ms were 

~ncour.lged to boo, hbs and heap verbal 
abu~ upon him. 111is W:L~ actually an 
It1geniou, plan - the Giants were Inlly 
arrocious at the lime (any team would be 
at iou~ if the linchpin of it, infield W,L\ 
Johnnie Le 1a ... ter). and anything, even a 
gianl LTJb, that could di~1r..\ct Ihe fans 
fr m booing the Icam was a , tcp in the 
righl dire lion. 

Unfollunately. Giants fan took 
panicular plea.\ure in abusing the poor 
CrJZY rab. They would pelt him with 
an,thing the could get their hands on 
- gh~ of 'er. progr:1I11~, rocks. 
\mall children. It gOl to the point where 
the CrJ1.Y rab b<:gan to fcar for hi life. 
After witn ,,-,i ng ~uch camage. can it be 
,U1y II' nder [hat I hate mascOlS? 

Bill mascots have only grown more 
inaneoverrhe years. No longerare baLlclubs 
comcnr ju [ to stick a man in a giant crab 

See WHATZIT, Page 10 

The CDC uanliun MOlltlay. Mar h 4, 1993 

Dan McDoweli/ GuatlIian 
Domine Dirksen gets back to first base In plenty of time during UCSD's 7-6, 1.1~nnlng comeback victory over Cal State San Bemardlno. 

Tritons Outrun Coyotes 
BASEBAll • Miyake' intrepid th ft 
I ads U D to a 7-6, 11 th inning win 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Wflter 

l1le U 0 txl~Lxlll team hooked up wilh the 
OyOles of al Slale lUl Bernardino on Tue:,day for 

what tumed ut to be the most exciting game of the 
young ~n. Both lC<Ull traded lUll 'Ultlleads. but 
in the end lhe Coy te\ couldn 'l alch Ihe neet feel of 

hri 1iyakea.., DlilerallyMolelhe gameawJY, 
7-f:!. in II innings. 

UCSDcniered Ihecont~t with a five-game losing 
~treak, bul for mChI of the game it looked like it had 
turned Ihin~ around. hortstop Eric Quandt o~ned 
the Trilon otTcn~ in Ihe bonom of the first doing what 
he d best - getting 011 base and mak.ing things 
happen. Quandl , whose .357 batting avemge and .528 
on-txl..~ ~rcentage lead the leam. led off with 3 single 
,uld promplly stole second base. Two groundouts later 
he was home for tile tin,( Trit n run. 

UC' D c:mied that 1-0 lead into its half of the 
fourth, where they ~ored a gin run. With Marcos 
Magdaleno on third .meI Glenn ahmias on second, 
catcher Dom inic Dirksen hit a two-out grounder to 
third. COYOle third baseman Elier Rivera bobbled the 
ball for a seconcl. and with ahmias breaking toward 
thini. he got him in a rundown. Magdaleno, seeing 
this. c~ home platejusl before Ihetag was applied 
10 1 ahmia.-., giving the Triton~ a _-0 leacl. 

When the Triton otT~nse wa.,n ·1 scratching oul 
runs. staner Kun Luhrsen was pilching hutout ball for 
UCSD. It wasn't unltl the top of the sixth. when San 
Bemanlino left fielder John DeLongchamp (4-5. I 
RB I) came through with a base hitlo bring home Ray 
Aldama the the CoyOl could break through. 

UCSD answered wilh a run of its own in the 

Oan McDowell/ Guardian 
Kurt Luhrsen went eight innings for UCSD. 
bonom of Ihe ixth when. with two outs. Magdaleno. 
Cr.lig Birk and Nahmias Inlng together consecutive 
singles and Dirksen forced home the run with a bases-
loaded walk. 

111e Trilon knocked out COYOle tru1er Dominic 
Hemess in the seventh when Miyake drove home 
Quandt on yet anOlher lWO-out rally, increasing the 
lead to 4-1. Luhrsen howed sings of tiring in the 
eighth, as San Bernardino came up with two mns 
thanks to a Miyake error, a triple and a sacrifice fly. 
1 01 giving up, UC D answered with yet another gift 
run. Birk led off with a walk and after ahmia~ 
sacrificed pin h-nlllner Carl Abramson to second, 
both Dirksen and Pat Han were intcmionally walked 
to load the bases for Sean Darrock. Darrock blasted a 

See BASEBALL, Page 11 

111e Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
RUGBY: Despite an experienced 
squad, the UCSD rugby team i 
having a disappointing season, 
and Head Coach Tom Butler 

w,mts some answer.;. Page 10 

SOF1BAU: The Tritons were 
tagged with their sixth 10 in a 

row when they lost both games of 
a doubleheader to Cal State 
Dominguez Hills, 8-4, 3-0. 

Pap 11 

Jason R~cllie/Guardian 

The Headline Matchup: Men's volleyball vs. BrIgham Young University, Saturday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. 
Other Games: Crew vs. UC Irvine, Saturday at 7 a.m., Mission Bay. Men's tennis at the Pacific Coast Doubles Championship, La Jolla Beach, Thursday-Sunday. Women's tennis at Cal State los 

Angeles, Saturday. Track and Field at Pomona, Saturday. Fencing at the NCAA Westem Regionals, Santa Cruz, Saturday-Sunday. Softball at Cal Poly San luis Obispo, Sunday. 

uc o GUARDIAN • ART & ENTERTAI MENT • M R C H 4, 1 993 

PholO courtesy ollandmarl\ Emenainment Group 

BEYOND TIlE MIND'S 

Film features cutting-edge 
computer animation 

j Ef' F NJE EL 
IIIATUS f:D I TOR 

.... hen postmodern critic Jean Baudrillard wrote about the "hyperreal" 
........ as the "generation by models of a real without origin or reality" in the 
early' 80s, he began to understand the way in which "reality" is becoming a series 
of simulations. 

Now, on the verge of virtual reality which pennits human interaction with 
computer-generated worlds, it is becoming increasingly difficult to separate the 
"real" from the simulated,The ftlm Beyond the Mind's Eye, which shows with The 
Mind's Eye Sunday at 4 and 7 p_m. in the Price Center Theatre, plays with our 
notions of reality and creates lush, computer-animated worlds which show the 
allure and excitement of 20th century technology. 

See BEYOND, page H3 

EL MARIACHI fiLM REYI[W: 03 SOIG OF SIIGHPORE . 04 



f1lAT 2 

TOO R Y 
Eddie Murphy ventures into 
politics wh n DistinguiMJed 
Gentleman plays in the Price 
Center Theatre at 6:30. 9 and 
II :30 p m . Tickets are $2, $1 in 
advance. Lnfo: 534-6467. 

FHIORY 
The CWD Political Film Serie 
pre ents It's Up To U. PIc-
tures at 7 p.m. in Solis Hall. 
Admission i. free . 

Pop-jazz prince s Sade per-
fomls for the first time in San 
Diego ~i ncc 1989 at the Copley 
Symphony Hall at 8 p.m. Spe-

ial guest perfomler will be the 
critically-acclaimed rap group 
Me Phi Me. Info : 278-TIX . 

Icon oflhe '80s and New Wave 
pretty-boy Adam Ant per-
fonns with ZuZu's Petals at 
[guana.\ ightclub in Tijuana at 
9 p.m. Tickets are [6 in ad-
vance. 18 al Ihe door. Info: 
278-TL 

Inspiral Carpets and the 
techllo band Sunscreem play 
a free , how at the Price Center at 
5 p.m. 

SRTURDRY 
The popular loca l band 

fishwife plays with Rustand 
Radio Wendy at Poner'. Pub 
at 8 p.m. Ticket for studems are 
$4 in advance, $6 at Ihe door. 
Info: 278-TlXS. 

SUI 0 R Y 
wis mask-mime troupe 

Mummenschanz will per-
form il s ilent magi c in 
Mandeville Auditoriumat7p.m. 
Ticket prices for tudent are 
$ 13- 15. Info: 534-4090. 

xperience;l ~pecial and un-
us ua l presentation of Igor 
Stravinsky " "The Soldier's 
Tale" featuring actors, dancing 
anda full instrumental ensemble. 
The performance will be at 8 
p.m. in Erick on Hall , 
Mandeville B-2 10. In 0: 534-
5404. 

MOIORY 
Siand -up comedian Vic 
Dunlop perform "Couch 
Potatoc - Live Vidco Expe-
riencc" al The Improvisation in 
Pacitic Beach at 8 p.m. Info: 
483~520. 

The UC 0 Guardian Thursday, March 4, 1993 

u PC 0 Mil G Museum of Photographic Arts: " Perfect Moments on 
Planet Eanh."anexhibitcelebral-
ing the museum'l> 10th anniver-
ary, continue through March 

14. The exhibit feature 180 pho-
tos from over 100 pholographers. 
The museum is open daily from 
10a.rn. to5 p.m. Admission is$3. 
Info: 239-5262. Former Aeetwood Ma vocal-

ist-guitari t Undsey Buck-
ingham make hi San Diego 
debut at the Belly Up in Solana 
Bea h 3t 9 p.m. Tickets are $20. 
Info: 481 -9022. 

T U E S 0 R Y 
Taxi Driver. starring Robert 
De iro. play althe Price Center 
Theatre at 8 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. 
Ticketsare I in advance. $2day 
of how. Info: 534-6467. 

WEOIESDRY 
Renowned auth rofsuch books 
asSollgO/SololllollandTarBaby, 
Pulitzer Pri ze-winner Toni 
Morrison will appear in the 
Price Center Ballroom at 7:00 
p.m. The public lecture i free . 
Info: 534-4090. 

.tn~oi .. ~ 

THERTER 
Lamb's Players Theatre: 
The San Diego premiere of 
Arthur Giron 's "Becoming 

Memories" run through March 
27. Performance are Wednesda 
and Thursday at 7:30 p.m., Friday 
andSaturdayat8p.m., with week-
end matinee at 2 p.m. Tickets are 

$1~20. Info: 474-4542. 

Mandell Weiss Forum: 
"Scapin" by Moliere will com-
menceon Wednesday, March 10 
at 8 p.m. and continue through 
March 14. Admi ion i $6 for 
tudent . Info: 534-3793. 

GRLLERIES 
Mandeville GaIery: "Con-
ceptual Sculpture : Body and 
Soul." featuring the sculpture 
work of Brent Rigg . Daniel 
Wheeler and Larissa Wilson runs 
through March 7. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Sunday, 
noon to 5 p.m. Free. Info: 534-
2864. 

Grove Gallery: "Ceramic Fig-
ures of Ocumicho: In Conjunc-
tion with NCECA '93." The ex-
hibit will be on display through 
April 17. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday, 10-5p.m.and 
Saturday, 10-2 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-2021. 

Third 
College 

and 

Central Ubrary: "Jazz in San 
Diego." Photograph will be dis-
played by M. Lea Rudee in the 
Music Li tening Room. The ex-
hibit continue through April I . 
Hourscoincide with library hours. 
Info: 534-2759. 

Sushi Performance and 
Visual Art Gallery: "Ibex:' a 
si te- pecific in tallation by Kim 
Grady, involves the act of gain-
ing knowledge and understand-
ing through everyday objects. The 
how opens with a reception Fri-

day, March 5 from 7-9 p.m and 
continues through Marcll27. Gal-
lery hours are Fridays and Satur-
days. 12-4 p.m. Info: 235-8466. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "La Fronteraffhe Border: 
Art about the MexicoNnited 
State BorderExperience,"opens 
March 6 , featuring the work of 
more than 35 anists in painting, 
sculpture, photography, installa-
tion and video. A concurrent ex-
hibition will take place at the 
Centro Cultural de la Raza in 
Balboa Park. The exhibit contin-
ues through March 22. Info: 454-
3541. 

The 
Helen 
Edison 
Lecture 
=-==~ Series 

P()elicjuslice: 
Race, Grammar, 

and Gtamour 

~ 
~ 
• 

..J 
c; 
.!! 
Iii 

TONI MORRISON 
Winner of the 1988 Pulitzer Prize 

for the novel Beloved 
Free Public Lecture 

7:00 p.m. , Wednesday 
March 10, 1993 

Price Center Ballroom 
For more information call 534-3400. 

Thur day, March 4, 1993 

BEYOND: 
Ian Hammer 
provides the score 
Continued from page H1 

Beyond Ihe Mind' s Eye, a equelto 
1991 's Tile Mil/d's Eye. ha been on 
Billboard's Top Video and Top Laser 
Disc Sales charts for the past two 
month.. Direc ted by Michael 
Boyd tun,thefilmfeatu re mu iccom-
posed and performed by keyboardist 
Jan Hammer, who is famous for creat-
ing the Iheme song for " Miami Vice." 

Hammerisalsoarenownedse sion 
musician who has played with Jeff 
Beck. Neal Schon and Al Di Meola. 
His music accompanies each of the 10 
ShOl1 egment which make up the 
film. 

La t year, movies like Th e 
wlI'l/moll'er Mall and T erl/1illolO" 2: 
J udgll1e/ll Day included extensi vecom-
pUler graphic. In rhe case of Tile 
LoII'IIIIIOII 'a Mall, the graphics proved 
to be the most imere ting feature in a 
film that had acontrived plot and poor 
acting. Excerpts from some of the ' e 
graphics also appear in Beyolld. 

Butwhat makes Beyond interesting 
i the way it depicts a world of energy 
and movement wi thout any need for 
complex plot or drama - it's pure 
spectacle and makes for a thrilling and 
fascinating 45 minutes oftrippy graph-
ics and soothing synthesizer riffs. 

As the Max Headroom-like talking 
head says at the beginning of the film, 
" You are now entering a world ins ide 
the essence of your imagination. Look 
into your dre3l1ls, they can take you 
beyond the mind's eye." TIle opening 
equence catapults the viewerthrough 

twisling kaleidoscopes, swirling fun-
nel clouds and spiral galaxies. 

The first vignene, "Seeds of Life," 
computerizes the technique of time-
lapse photogmphy by showing the cre-
ation of a world of vegetation out of a 
wa teland over the course of a few 
minutes. First, seed pods soar through 
pace to land on a barren planet. 

The pods explode into mireo-pods 
which then sprout into a variety of 
plant ranging fromangularevergrcens 
to voluptuou lilies. In the end, seeds 
aredisseminatedeverywhereandeven-
wally pods are ejaculated back into 
OUler space. 

The short "Afternoon Adventure" 
begins with adepictionof a lazy, peace-
ful aftemoon at the pond. Fi h jump 
and dew drips off a leaf as a small bee 
floats unassumingly by. However, the 
cene of tranquility i hort-lived. 

When a larger bee happens upon a 
smaller one, a high-speed chase en-
s ues which would put most car-cha e 
scenes to shame. The bees are fo[ -
lowed as they whizz through the for-
est, making hair-pin turns and per-
fonning difficult maneuvers. 

The "Transformers ''- segment is 
s imilarly exciting. The popular toys 
come to life as they change from robot 
to race car to plane and fly through 
tunnels at dizzying speeds. If only the 
actual toys had such abilities. 

Not all of the shons are fast-paced, 
however. Picasso's paintings come to 
life in "Window ," and a computer-
generated couple discovers romance 
in "Nothing But Love." The merry-
go-round of sea horses and tigers that 
pin off into space in "Theater of 

Magic" are surreal images similar to 
omething Dali would have drawn. 

Beyond the Mil/d' s Eye hows the 
way a world more technically perfect 
than our own can be created through 
computer animation. Its world is both 
exquisite and exciting and depicts the 
potential of virtual reality, which may 
someday be the world we live in. 
Hyperreal. indeed. 

T he U [) G lIunLiull 

THmTm 
mEVIEWS 

IlIAT 3 

ummensc anz 

PhOlO counesy of Mummensdlanz 
A Slinky-like creature is one of Mummenschanz's concoctions. 

Mime troupe will 
perform its best skits 
in Mandeville 

M I I : /I .1 t: L .., I . /I II 1 /I .,. Z 
S f; ,\11111 .H .IFf· 111l11'f:1I 

The mosl like ly respolhc to the word "mummenschan7." i~ "what'?" A valid question. but the word describc~ the 
mull i falious nature of Ihe Swiss perl'0l1mll1ce 
troupe which uses bOlh mime and masks in its 
pcrfomlances. The troupe will pelfOlm in 
Mandev ille Auditorium S unday at 7 p.m. 

Wilh a name Ihat roughly tran, lales into 
"masqut:rade.·· the Irio of perfOllllers are on a 
"be~t of ' lour that highlight s sketches from the 
p,L.,t 20 years. And ;" the audience watche, Ihe 
ped' mlancc. members may ask. "what i ~ 
thai '?" 

MUllllllenschnnz Cl'eate~ personal ilie, in 
unusual shapes. Si lver pillows 10 feel high 
parade around the stage. and a giant w0l111thal 
move!'. of its own accord wri thes about. The 
playe('), create the illu,ion that no humans an: 

n stagc - only the,e mystica l and animate 
shapes. 

The second pOl1ion of the , how featurc~ 
Ihe human fomls recently seen on the " Nonh-
em Exposure" telev i,ion program. A man wilh 
an elecllic plug for a henclmeets a wom;m witl 
an outlet for a head. Characters with eyes and 
mouths of scratch paper pad, change expres-
sion as sheets are ripped off in succession. 
Toilet paper rolls make up o ther characters' 
eyes, mouths and ears. They roll off sheets as ~ 
way of speaking and pull sheets from their 
eye, to cry. A bri lliant finale, dating bac,k to 
Mummenschanz's firM , how. features 
characters wi th heads of clay metamorphosing 
as they Iwist and mold their faces. 

Like any inten~e l y visual experience. words 
do not adequately describe the world famous 
troupe. To experience it in person is truly 
magical - a ticket t a surreal and myst ical 
world . The escape is wOl1h making. 

Call 534-4090 for more infonnation. 

'Mariachi' succeeds on a low budget 

Latin American filmmaker Robert Rodriguez managed to create his new film EI Mariachi on a shoestring 
$7,000 budget. Shot in two weeks in Acuna, 
Mexico (bordering Del Rio, Texas), Rodriguez 
worked with only one assistant and mo tly 
inexperienced actors to create a story which 
captures the de peration of a confused mu i-
ciano 

For financial reason , most cenes were 
shot in one take with a hand-held 16mm 
camera. Nevertheless, Rodriguez's effons 
result in a clever and simplistically-created, 
adventure-fi lled motion picture that is an ar-
tistic accompli hment despite the budget re-
straints. 

Rodriguez's strength i hi great ski ll for 
humorous storytelling. "Money has nothing 
to do with tellinga story," he said during a talk 
with hi s viewers at a creening at the 
Mandeville Audilorium. 

The story of EI Mariachi begins with the 
main character, referred to as EI Mariachi, 
played by Carlos Gallardo. A mariachi is one 
of a group of musicians which plays string 
in truments or trumpets. 

The young mu ician trie to make a living 

PholO coonesy 01 CoIurrbia Pictures 
Domino (Consuelo GOmez) is held 
hostage in EI Mariachi. 
in the hostile. arid town of Acuiia. when.' 
everyone seems to be involved in illegal ac-
tivities and not music. EI Mariachi 's career as 
a musician is put on hold after he is mistaken 
for an as as in and hunted down. 

Inexpl icably and relentlessly pursued, the 
confused musician ultimately ha~ no alterna-
tive butto fight back. In doing so, the character 
changes from a guitar-playing, romantic-ide-
alist 10 a guitar-playing, gun-fighting lover. 

In exploring hi character's nightmarish 
experience and transformation, Rodriguezdis-
tort · the meaning of the true mariachi. When 
a mariachi keyboard player i hired, he face 

the sad realization lhut technology is taking 
over in the world of music. 

Ironically, through hi s own pared-down 
production, Rodriguezdemonstrates what tech-
nology cannot replace in the film indu~try : 
skill, sense of humor, wit, will and a great 
story. 

Rodriguez denies that hi s film ~et Ollt with 
such a pUfJX'se: ' 'I'm just somebody who likes 
to make movie ." 

The recent winner of the Sundance Film 
Award, EI Mariachi not only has an amu~ing 
past "behind the scenes." but also a prombing 
future. Rodriguez plans to make EI M ariachi 
II, but with an enti rely new theme. 

Questions about production , . uch as 
whether to make it in English or keep it in 
Spanish with English subtitles, hiring profes-
sional actors or even substituting the prowgo-
niSI are sti ll debatable. 

Nevertheless, the film's success relies on 
it ability to show the struggle of an anist 
without sophisticated means of production. 

EI Mariachi is playing at the Hillcrest 
Cinemas and at selected theaters throughout 
San Diego. 

-Yazmln Ghonalm 

' . 



111\'1' ' ~ The . 'OG liurdian Thill' da~. Mart'll ·L 19tJ3 

---------TllHTm---------
O ne of the truly wonderful mu i al thealer experi-ences of my life t k place 
at 17 Irving Place in Manhattan's 
Greenwich Village. onnerly a Pol-
ish War Veteran~' club. the theater 
had been convened into a 1940s 
jazz bar in ingapore for the musi-
ca l production of "Song of 

R[YI[WS 
SONG OF 
ngapore 

Production fails to capture 
atmospher of original 

Photo by Ken Howard 

ca"ting in the theater should be cat-
eg ri led. s me pan are race-spe-
ilk. More problemati than any 

political sensitivity b ue is the fact 
that the role is not funny. 

The only character who conveys 
thechann thi. show requires i Kevin 
Helmeid. the blind band leader. 
Unfonunatel , he is sloppily di-
rected. His actions are often im-
probable for a blind man. 

ingapore. " TIle house band rocked. 
the plot was ludicrou . out-of-work 
Asian-American actors served flam-
ing drinks and po-po platters. and 
when the h wended. the audience 
stayed late into the evening, danc-
ing 10 more mu ic. 

MIt: 11 .1 E L Ii. C II WitT Z 
S E lOR 'r n ' If RITER 

A scene from "Sonc of SInppore." 

"Song of Singapore" was cre-
ated specifically to put the patron in 
a New York Ci ty atmosphere. 
Stripped of the profe ional New 
York City mu ician and black-lac-
quered nightclub. the plot tands out 
as weak and illy. 

After playing for over one year. 
the production shut down. unable to 
convince ignorant musical audi-

ence~ that there is a musical theater 
bey nd omm dities like "Phan-
tom" and "Les Mi.,erables." ow. 
the first non- ew r\... prcxluction 
of" ong f ingap re" has rolled 
Into TIlt! Theatre III Old Town. 

The re~ult reveab that the SCript 
counts little: executi n is everything. 
'.: hlle the conver.. ion from club to 
stage has been fairly competently 
handled by Paula Kalustian. the 
"how seems thin and shallow. The 

wacky intrigue of a !>Iolen jeweled 
fish is n t enough entenainment for 
the e ening. 

Everyone ~I!ems ~o concerned 
v.llh recreating the e\ York envi-
ron:nent by runlllllg up and do\ n 
the ~lI ... le-"tall'\ ;I) ... of th' theater 
thm tht:y ~ rget thl! play i ... m 'king 
a ~pecific genre. the" a 'ablan a" 
jazz club and count less old m vies. 

eparate mu~ician~ are provided 
for the ~ingi ng pan!>. As a result. 
~ meact rshave n thingtod when 

others are ding their 'olos - a 
problem "~olved" by having dance 
numbers again and again. This, un-
fonullately, force teve Anthony 
repeatedly to center stage. Hi gum-
chewing. libido-dri ven gYrJtionsare 
boring at fi rst. and they mpidly de-
volve into vulgatity. 

The production ·hould focus on 
Ro e, the bomb hell who ings with 
the boy after losing her identity. 
Whi Ie olleen Sudduth has the looks 
and the voice (without the high 

EVERYONE SAW THIS AS 
A PROBLEM ONCE. 

O ccasional1y th piece all fit, but you didn't know why. Eventually 
it becam obviou. 

Today, you hav a n w t of problem and again you may find your elf 
g tting th oluiion, but not knowing xactly why. 

Working with chaum' Outline tak the gu swork out of problem 
solving. The Outline provide you with the que tions and the 
olution in order to how you how to olve problem . The more you 

work with chaum, the more obviou the olution become. 

Available in engineering, math, sci nc , economics and computer 
cience. Look for them in your colleg bookstore. 

Schaum's 
Outlines 

range) for the role, she doe not 
e plore the potential of her airhead 
character. Her constant delivery of 
one-liners lacks nuance. 

Chah Li, th archetypical Dmgon 
Lady. ismanageroftheclub. Played 
in the original production by a tall. 
gorgeou Chinese woman with fan 
laced thr ughout her hair. she wa a 
high point of the New York version. 

Here. however, he is played by 
Laura Lamun. a hort Angl woman. 
While I absolutely do not think that 

The Song of Singapore Cafe till 
e i ts in New York as a location for 
jazz on el1s. I'm tempted to go 
back. but I think that the building 
without the play might be a~ de-
pressing as the play wi thout the 
building. 

Performances of "Song of 
Singapore" at The Theatre in Old 
Town are Wednesday through Fri-
day at 8 p.m .. Saturday at 5 and 8 
p.m. and unday at 5 p.m. Call 688-
2494 for more information. 

Department of Theatre 

• 

Presents for Spring, 1993 H 
• ~ Screenwritin •••••• t 

TIIPW 104 -11'b 2:00-3:20, WI1I2113 • • • t 
Instructor: Professor Allan Havis 

An introductol)' cour e which covers the fundamentals of the American 
"commercial" screenpl:ly in 3 three act form with emphaSiS on action, 
ch3ra ter development and visual compo ition. Profe· r Havis is an 
award-winning playwright and creenwriter currently on a commi ion 
by Ted Dan on's ("Cheers") film company. 
Prerequisite: THPW I -Introduction to Playwriting. 

and 

Ensemble: Teatro "Invisible Theatre" 
THAC 120 -1Th 2:00-3:50, Warren Theatre 

Instructor: Professor Jorge Huerta 
"Invisible Theatre" is a term invented by Augusto Boal, who believes 
that "ani tic creativity is inherent to all human beings." It is a form of 
perfom1Jnce for actors a well 3S non-actors. The students wi ll create 
small plays around issues of bumillg cOllcem. These plays will not be 
performed in theatre:., but rather, in public paces in which the 
spect3lOrs become" 'peer-actors," without knowing they are 
participating, perhap even m difying the scenario. No prerequisite. 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lense 
B&L Sorl Spin B&L 104 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily ga perm. hard Baby blue. hazel & 
Par.lpeml02 emerald. green 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lon.1 •• rvlc. 
1000tT<.fpiru 41/1/9J) 

• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Me a Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 


