
ILSEWHIRE 

Supervl ... ... 
Music for .... Iow ... 
SANTA BARBARA - The 
Santa Barbara County Board 
of Supervisors voted unani-
mously to pull the plug on 
live music during Isla Vista's 
annual Halloween celebration. 
The board also voted to 
expand police powers and 
increase fines for public 
drinking in order to curb 
rowdy behavior during the 
celebration. "What's needed 
is some tough love. It's not a 
slap on musicians or anyone 
else. Take it that way if you 
will, but that's not how it's 
meant," said 3rd District 
Supervisor Willy Chamberlin. 
On hand at the meeting to 
speak against the ordinances 
were 20 local musicians. 

No Suspect In 
ScrIpps Tampering 
LA JOLLA - San Diego 
police investigators say they 
have no idea who is respon-
sible for the attempted murder 
of four Scripps Memorial 
Hospital patients whose life 
support machines were 
tampered with. Five incidents 
have occurred at Scripps 
between June and Labor Day 
in which oxygen was cut off 
from patients in the east wing 
of the hospital's fifth floor. 
The patients were unharmed 
in the incidents. 

ucla Ubrary Get. 
Advisory Council 
SANTA BARBARA - UC 
Santa Barbara is preparing to 
unveil a plan to provide 
UCSB library users with an 
advisory council, giving them 
a voice in management of the 
student-funded facility. "The 
advisory board is intended to 
represent the needs of the 
various groups on campus that 
utilize the library, and offer 
recommendations and provide 
inplJi rqardinl services and 
priorities from a user's point 
of view," said University 
Librarian Joseph Boisse. 

INSIDE 

LAUGHS 
PIAn.: Aspiring 
stand-ups learn comedy 
tricks 10 

SPORTS: tlomens' 
volleyball falls to UC 
Riverside 24 

I N D E X 

UCSD BRlD'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN a HOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION ...... r ........................... 4 
CALENDAR .............................. 16 
CIASSIFIIIll ........................... 20 
SPORTS ................................... 24 

T H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1993 VOLUME 80, I E4 

UC Executive Salaries Under Fire 
REPORT: Compensation for administrators has 
remained unchanged since budget crisis began Rolling In Dough? . 
By PhIlp MIc .... 
News Editor 

As the budget woes of the Uni-
versity of Ca]ifomia continue, stu-
dent advocates and state legislators 
are criticizing two recent reports 
on pay levels for UC executives. 

The report compared the aver-
age compensation for UC chancel-
lors to the avemge for 26 similar 
universities including Brown Uni-
versity, the University of Wash-
ington and Stanford University, ac-
cording to UC spokesman Mike 
Alva. 

According to a report released to the Board of Regents . UC chancellors 
receive salaries that are 14 percent lower than their peers at other 
universities. Here is the cash compensation for the UC system's nine 
chancellors (Average Compensation: $188,400): 

The university has no plans to 
raise chancellors' salaries at this 
time, Alva said. 

At last month's UC Board of 
Regents meeting in San Fmncisco, 
a report on executive compensa-
tion claimed that UC chancellors 
are paid approximately 14 percent 
less than their colleagues at com-
parable universities. 

According to another university 
report, salaries for top UC execu-

See PAY, Page 12 
UCB UCD UCI UCLA UCR UCSD UCSF UCSB UCSC 

Source: UC Office 01 the President 

HAPPY CAMPERS 
TlvlIIed W ..... CoIIeIe atudentI can barely contain their enth ..... m for • 7:15 a.m, 
WIIb-up 0811 at FrIday'. early-momlDl dlaater drill. 

Scientists Raise Flag on ITER Project -
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

The world's largest international science 
collabomtion officially began operation near 
UCSD Friday, as flags of the participants in 
the International Thermonuclear Experimen-
ta] Reactor (ITER) were raised at its San Diego 
center on North Torrey Pines Road. 

The flag-raising ceremony followed the first 
ITER design meeting in San Diego. 

Scientists representing the European Com-
munity, Russia, the United States and Japan 
will be headquanered in San Diego until at 
least 1998 while they attempt to design the first 
practicaJ fusion reactor. 

UCSD and the Science Applications Inter-
nationa] Corporation are the project adminis-
trators. 

The $1.2 billion Engineering Design Ac-
tivities (lIDA) phase of the project will iron out 
scientific and engineering problems involved 
in the consUUCtion of a practical fusion reactor. 
Project coordinators hope that such a reactor 
will be designed and a new headquarters will 
be selected for its construction by 1998. 

Creating the world's first nuclear fusion 

reactor would.be a lot easier if scientists had 
enough room to replicate the sun, according to 
Evgenii Velikhov, Chairman of the ITER EDA 
Council. 

On the small scale needed to power cities, 
though, the problems involved in building a 
reactor are much more complex. In fact. 
Velikhov added that the physics behind the 
"tokamak" reaction chambers are not well un-
derstood. 

Fusion, the reaction which powers the sun, 
involves the merging of two types of heavy 
hydrogen to form helium. Scientists heat the 
inside of donut-shaped tokamak reactors to 
about 200 million degrees fahrenheit, using 
magnetic fields to contain the hot hydrogen. 
also called plasma. 

Among the reasons why fusion energy is 
sought is that the starting materials are benign 
compared to those. used in nuclear fission , 
which currently powers nuclear plants. The 
fusion reaction is also thought to be control-
lable, greatly reducing the chance of accidents. 

"It is environmentally the most satisfying 
source of energy [because of] the low rlldia-

See ITER, Page 14 

Rene Bruckner/ GuardIan 

Students, 
Administrators 
Debate Smith 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

University of Cali fornia tudent leaders are 
locked in debate with UC adm inistrator over 
how to best implement the recent California 
Supreme Court decision, Smith I '. Re,gents, 
which many believe threatens to radically de-
plete student government funding. 

The Smith v. Regents ruling, handed down 
hist February, stipulate that the L1niver~ity 
cannot asse s mandatory student fee:- to sup-
port political or ideological activitie!>. 

The University of California Student 
Association 's (UCSA) propo al for compli -
ance with the ruling was recently rejected by 
the UC vice chancellors. The student. ' plan, 
which was based on a similar case in New 
York, suggested the use of an escrow account 
to hold student fees in a neutral position. 

"Escrow is a way to hold the money without 
it going to anything," aid UCSA field repre-
sentative Donny Emerick. 

According to the UCSA, the escrow mecha-
nism circumvents the problem of compelled 
association because students have ample op-
portunity to recovertheirfees before the money 
is budgeted or spent. 

However, the univerSity and some . tudent 
leaders believe the UCSA ' proposal would 
not adequately fulfill the requirement~ laid 
down by the Supreme Court. 

"Escrow would be ideal , but J can't see it 
happening," said A.S. President Carla Tesak. 
"'t goes against the spi rit of the mandate." 

According to UC pokesman Mike Alva, 
the UCSA's proposal was rejected by the vice 
chancellors illlfavor of two univer. ity propos-
als that better meet the court's ruling. 

The university proposals call for a system in 
which students are assessed a mandatory fee 
foreducationally-related student organizations 
and have the option to pay a voluntary fee for 
political or ideological organizations. 

According to Alva, the plan being ad-
vanced by the university embrace the objec-
tives originally outlined by the students. 

Despite this, UCSA repre, enlatives said 
they felt that, if the university's plun is imple-
mented, student government wi II be shut down. 

"The university is basically implying that 
See UC5A, Page 12 



2 NEWS 

Bloom County Creator 
Breathed Visits UCSD 
opus: Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist diS!=usses 
past success, future plans at Saturday book signing 
By Ben Freund 
Senior Staff Writer 

People surged to meet Berke 
Breathed: post-adolescents wear-
ing faded Opus Ts carrying stacks 
of five or six tattered Bloom 
County tomes, mousy youngsters 
clutching oversized picture books 
and professionals in weekend 

enormously popular Bloom 
County daily comic strip in 1989 
and resurrected it in the form of a 
Sundar-only feature called Out-
land. retaining only a few of the 
original characters. Readers took 
the switch pretty hard. 

"What I underestimated was 
the audience's reaction, the an-

tagonism that [ 
kind ofsparked by 
stopping it. And [ 
probably didn't 
appreciate the fact 
that you don't play 
around, as a cre-
ator, with success-
ful characters. So 
I wouldn't be sur-
prised if all of 
them, except for 
the children char-

threads hugging 
their ragged Bill 
the Cat dolls. The 
Pulitzer Prize-
win ning cartoonist 
greeted a legion 
of about 200 fans 
at the UCSD 
Bookstore Satur-
day afternoon to 
celebrate the re-
lease of his third 
children'S book, 
Goodnight Optls. JIIIOIl RItA:hie/GuInf.wI acters, showed up 

The supporters 
were quiet and re-
spectful as they 
moved through 
the autograph Ii ne, 
which wound its 
way from the cen-
tral stai rcase deep 
into textbook ter-
ritory. 

Min the early .... t 
of my car .... , 
I definHeIy felt 
like I was getting 
away with 
somethlng. ••• 
And that may 

eventually in Out-
land. And I wish 
to hell that I hadn't 
changed the 
name," he said. 

One reason 
Breathed gives for 
his decision to end 
Bloom County is 
that he thought of 
himself as a fraud 
for most of his 
adult life. 

The Seattle 
"comic stripper," 
sporting a grungy 
blue plaid shirt and 
matching blue -
tinted shades, pol-
ished yellow work 
boots and thick 

"In the early part 
of my career I defi-

-Berke Breathed, nitely felt like I was 
Cartoonist getting away with 

hav ..... ethlng 
to do with why 
I got out. 

windblown sandy hair, greeted 
his generally demure supporters 
with a personable smi le and a 
genuine-sounding "Hi, how are 
you, thanks for coming." 

A few devotees offered gush-
ing praise for Breathed and testi -
monials to his knack for making 
them laugh, whilesomeresponded 
with lukewarm thanks. But most 
just wanted to know if the popu-
lar Bloom County comic strip 
might ever come back, a question 
he has been asked continuously 
for the past several years. 

" No. I could never go back," 
Breathed said. "To think of a 
funny idea, for me, is difficult. 
I'd have to be doing it one after 
another, in a span of about 40 
hours. 

"Much of it was written in a 
daze at about three a.m., after two 
or three days of staying up when 
I was 23 and I could do that. I was 
thinking up things in a caffeine 
haze so that by the next morning, 
I couldn't remember what I had 
done," Breathed added. 

In an unprecedented move, the 
exhausted Breathed killed his 

something,"hesaid. 
"I fell into cartooning as a way to get 
my stuff read when I was in college. 
TIlere were kids my age that would 
have sold their soul to get on the 
comics page. All they wanted todoin 
life was to cartoon, and here I was, 
sort of an impostor. I could draw a 
lillie bit. 

" But throughout the 10 years 
of Bloom County, I did kind of 
feel like I shouldn't have been 
there. And that may have some-
thing to do with why I got out." 

Now Breathed spends his time 
developing his talent in media 
which don't involve newsprint. 
Recent projects besides the 
children's storybooks include an 
enormously expensive animated 
television special, a scree'n-sav-
ing computer software program 
featuring the Outland characters 
and plans for an Outland multi-
media tour akin to U2's ZooTV 
extravaganza. 

"The television work and com-
puter software is like inventing a 
comic strip and just getting into 
it," Breathed said. "What's going 
to be on. the computer screen in 
five years? We have no idea." 

The UCSD Guardian Monday , Octohc l· 4.1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
Ol"IM. '«lOR. 1l:ST tL'S 
AM ~LIJ1E Ol'SGIU.CE! 
Ir!;, ~\QfJS 'OJ I¥-lfEMT 
I9D ~ OF 1\£ Ml.1UW.. 

1 LO't'E \I.~ S<.\\OOl 
8:lC~S . JUST 1){1~~.' 
?R81'( SOOM lIEu.. IU..'IE 
R9.0 ALL CJ; n\IS! 

BRIEFLY ... 

I LI~ Ttl REM> "-1100 
~~ "StE W~~T ~t'RE 
GOlloI,G 1t) LE~~ ~~"(T . 
tr'S ~ t'(C ITltoIG "ttl 

~ ST\lf~ . 
\ ~ . ~I-'-. , , ;) 

I. 'iOJ fl\~ 
M. P1.G£S Of 
MY BooK. 
~ A14IMIo.T"E.D 
\ . 11.1:.'1: DR\~'" 
111£ BATiI()8\\£' 
-.t\D \:~PloOES! 

SOM£TIhI£S 
I l\H~'( 
IlOO'(.S Ala: 
n.\£ ONL'i 
FR.lalDS 
'NORn1 
HMlt-\G . 

Regents Endorse Proposition 172 
The University of Califomia Board of Regents an· 

nounced their endorsement of Proposition 172, a 
measure on the NOllember ballot that would extend a 
half-cent Increase in the state sales tax to fund local 
police, fire and other public safety services. 

Although Proposition 172 does not specifically 
mention California colleges and universities, UC Vice 
President William Baker told the regents that if the 
proposition failed, the university would be affected by 
a reduction In overall'state revenues and by cuts in 
local support for UC programs in health care, agricul· 
ture and public safety. A staff report to the regents 
also said that the failure of the proposition could have 
immediate negative consequences to the UC system. 

"If Proposition 172 fails, unprotected state pro-
grams such as higher education would be extremely 
vulnerable to possible mid-year cuts to offset the loss 
to local government,· Baker said. 

University officials also expressed fears that Prop. 
172's failure could reduce police and fire protection at 
university campuses and other facilities. 

According to Associated Students Vice President 
External Nick Endres, a voter registration drive is being 
held today acros!\ campus. Students can register to 
vote at the Price Center Plaza or at Revelle Plaza. 

Today Is the deadline to register for the Nov. 2 
election. 

ScrIpps Oceanography Professor 
Honored with 1993 Balzan PrIze 

Oceanography Professor Wolfgang H. Berger, who 
teaches at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
(510), has been awarded the 1993 Balzan Prize given 
by the International Balzan Foundation In Milan, Italy, 
for his scientific accomplishments In 
paleoceanography. Berger will be honored by the 
Balzan Foundation at ceremonies in Bem, Switzerland 
on Nov. 19. 

The award recognizes Berger's pioneering work in 
paleoceanography using micropaleontological meth-
ods fordeciphering the geological history of the oceans 
and related climatic implications. Ber:ger's research 
focuses on analysis of deep-sea sediment cores and 
the investigatiqn of ocean climate and the carbon 
cycle. He studies the composition of fossil shells to 
obtain information of the past chemistry of the ocean. 

'Professor Berger's contributions to understand-
ing the history of climate and the productivity of the 
oceans have revealed many important details about 
how the ocean and atmosphere have developed and 
changed over the last several million years ," said SID 
Director Edward A. Frieman. 

Established in 1961. the Balzan Prize is consid-
ered to bethe equivalent of the Nobel Prize In the fields 
of humanities or social sciences, international affairs 
and natural sciences which are not in Nobel award 
categories. 

Guardian Writer. Internship 
Meeting to be Held Tonight 

The UCSD Guardian will hold an internship meeting 
tonight at 7 p.m. for students interested in writing for 
the newspaper in 1993-94. 

During the hour-long session, prospectiYe writers 
will ge~ a background In how to set up and conduct 
interviews, how to research a story, how to write in 
journalistic style and how to avoid legal problems. 

There will be a second internship session next 
Monday night, during which article writing will be 
discussed in more detail. The meeting will be held at 
7 p.m. in the Guardian office. 

Internship participants will be given the chance to 
write a story for the Guardian. After three stories are 
written, reporters may be hired by the Guardian and 
paid for their work. 

Call 534-6580 for more details. 

RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 

ELAINE CAMUSO, AsSOCiate News Editor 
DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

IUUSTRATORS: Mlcha Crolt. Roaer Kuo. Dominic Lobbla. AI Spoog 
........ : Wilson Cheufl8, Marcus lobbla. ChristoPher LQck 
PHOTCMlRAPHIRS: Dan McDowell . Jason Ritchie. Yakov Zolotorev 
COfOY IIIAOIRS: Sarah Fernald. Aron Miller. Sara Rudolph. Jenny Wrenn 
TYPIST: Tim Un 
ADVIIITlIINe AIIIITANT: Tara Eott 
CIRCULATION AIIISTANT: Crail Stokle 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

BRIAN K. HunO, Sports Editor 
BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 
ARON MILLER, Associate Sports Editor 

JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 
JONNA PALMER, ASSOCiate News Editor 

IDnOllIT"'" WRITIIII: Ben ~. Kllren Chene. Ben Freund. Gaye 
JoIInaon. Den KIHA. KIln Pettman. OIMd Snow. Care Udell . GAllI Wrenn 
ITAFF WIIITIRS; Ritu SUen. 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

BEN 8OYCHUK, ClaSSified Representative 

Edltortel: 534-6580, But","_ Ofllc:e: 534-3466. F .. : 534-7691 
UCSD Gu.rdl"", 9600 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
_81_: -., F1oo<. UCSO 51_1 c.",., Bu,klinI ·A· 

Monday, October 4,1993 The UCSD Gu~rdian 

4,000 Take Part in AIDS Walk 
By Karen Cheng 
Senior Staff Writer 

AIDS Walle San Diego (A WSD) 
successfully completed its fifth 
annual I OK walle fundraiser yester-
day along San Diego Bay and 
around Harbor Island with over 
4,000 pre-registered walkers and 
hundreds of last minute sign-ups. 
A WSD officials estimated that a 
redcord total of 5,500 walkers par-
ticipated in this year's event. 

Walker registration started at 9 
a.m., followed by a pre-walk rally 
which featured AWSD I 993 Grand 
Marshals La-Donna Love-
Kretchmer and Christie Milton, 
two young women living with 
H1V. 

According to Love-Kretchmer, 
the project coordinator for The 
Being Alive Women 's and 
Children's AIDS Resource Cen-
ter, the fact that more and more 
women are becoming infected with 
the HIV virus through heterosexual 
contact rather than injection drug 
use should serve as a wake-up call 
to women everywhere. 

"Like a lot of my friends, three 
and a half years ago I wasn ' t even 
thinking about AIDS ... as women, 
we felt safe from AIDS. We were 
told that it only affected gay men 
and drug users. Well, it's not true 
- if you ' re having sex, you'reat 
risle, plain and simple. In order to 
protect themselves women need 
to realize this fact," she said in a 
press release. 

The post-walk rally included 
close to 50 vendors representing 
HIV/AIDS non-profit agencies, 
service providers and private en-
terprises. These organizations 
were on hand to provide partici-
pants with current information 
about HIV and AIDS. 

Health Educator Lillian Snell 
from the Logan Heights Family 
Center passed out brochures for 
free HIV testing while Volunteer 
Janice Baske of Being Alive, a 
non-profit support group for 
people with HIV and AIDS, was 
on hand to distribute information. 

"Our mission at Being Alive is 
to draw out of isolation those 
people living with the HIV virus 
_and gellhem back to living," Baske 
said. "Not only do we worle with 
the 1,700 or so members with HIV 
and AIDS, we help those that are 
also directly concerned - par-
ents, lovers and friends." 

Fifth College senior Karine 

s.nday,Iept.28 

Faure was part of a UCSD AIDS 
Walk team which had collected 
almost $105 in pledges. 

MuirCollege sophomore Karen 
TaoandjuniorCandy Vetcher also 
finished the walk. 

" I feel great," said Tao. "It's 
good exercise for a good cause, 
and most of all, it promotes more 
awareness." 

1:44 a.m.: An 18-year-<>ld non·afflliate was arrested for urinating in public 
in Lot 502. He was cited and released. 
5:57 p.m.: A 4().year-<>ld non·affiliate was detained for being a danger to 
herself. Transported to County Mental Health. 
9:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a gray '86 Mazda RX-7 from 
Spanos Training Center. Loss: $6,500. 
MondIIy,Iept.27 
1:50 p.m,: A student reported the theft of a teal/navy specialized B21 
bike from Tioga Hall bike rack. Loss: $360. 
9:25 p.m.: A student reported receiving annoying phone calls at the 
Warren Apartments. 
9:45 p,m_: A student reported the theft of a wallet from the Main Gym's 
locker room. Loss: $70. 
,......"hpt .• 
12:00 p.m.: Officers reported harrassment of an employee. 
4:50 p,m.: A student reported the theft of a blue/gray '84 Cheverolet 
Celebrity from Gilman Drive, south of La Jolla Village Drive. Loss: $2,500. 
9:40 p.m.: A 37-year-<>ld non-affiliate was detained for being drunk in 
public on Voigt Drive near Warren Apartments. Transported to Detox. 
w ... ......" Sept. 29 
4:15 p.m.: Citizen's arrest of a 21·year-old non-affiliate for misuse of a 
handicapped placard in Lot 206. Cited and released. 
4:20 p.m.: A student reported a burglary to a black '90 Honda Civic in Lot 
102. Loss: $100. 
5:00 p_m.: Citizen's arrest of a 22-year-<>ld student for petty theft in the 
Price Center Bookstore. Suspect was cited and released. 
....... y, Sept. 30 . 
10:00 I.m,: A staff member reported the theft of signs from the Birch 
Aquarium entrance gate. Loss: $155. 
5:20 p.m, A student reported the theft of a wallet and backpack from the 
Price Center. Loss: $237. 
6:45 p.m.: A student reported a burglary to a red '90 Nissan Hardbody 
in Lot 701. Loss: $100. 
7:30 p.m.: An employee reported the burglary of a red '84 Chevy 5-10 in 
Lot 603. Loss: $80. 
9:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a wallet from the Main Gym. 
Loss: $15. 

- Compiled by Jonna Palmer, Associate News Editor 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* M,D, 'S TRAINING M,D.'S-OF-THE-FuTuRE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical school applicalion/ 

admissions assisJance are all we de! 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an indcpcndcnl progrJm laughl by UCSD-Irained 

academic M.D:s. top M.D.-Ph.D. candidmcoi, & Engtish Dcpanmcnt 
faculty . 

• THE ORIGINATOR of inlcnsive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• J3 WEEKS (150+ hours) of delailcd in-class instruction & real MCAT 

lesting, problem solving. rC~lding/writing workshops, review groups. 
med school application & admissions stmtegics. & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of originallakc·home review notes. reading & writing 
studyguides. MCAT & admissions si ra legy handouis. problem CiS. & 
MCAT-quality limed practice cxams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING ro~ in·class & take·home praclice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med sludcnts. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med school appl icmion help inclu~cd . 
• LOWER TUITION Ihan OIhcr courscs. 

APPLY NOW! 456-4848 
V the most JlOllrs 
V till' hl'st illstrllcton· 
V the hl'.\t materials 
V Ihl' h£'.\1 results 
V llie IOWl'st cosl 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 

It'. any. juat came in (no appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg. $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service , it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days : M-F-S 9-6pm : T-W-T 9-Bpm 

• HAIR SKIN ~AILS -.':-:': ::':1: ...... ~ ...... ------ ._-.... .......... --. ...... ---... I 
457-3334 

8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

) 
La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 

IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 
. . 



4 OPINION 

Health CompromIse 
'Mlile compromise will be necessay to 
pass the Clinton plCl1, mcp points of 
contention have aisen that may delay its 
inception. 

,.. .... 
Clinton plCI'lS to raise 
ftlIds thl'Ol€h a ~e 
tax, even thoLgh ll'ICI1y 
ague that a broOO-based 

tax increase is unacceptable. His plCI'l 
also calls for spending caps on Medicare 
and Medicaid, which liberal democrats 
are unlikely to accept. 

The pIan calls for all 
employers to pay 80 
percent of the ~e 
J)ice of their employees' 

health premiums. Repl.blicans a'ld 
southern 1CtM11Clkers oppose such 
mandates and offer a counterpiCl1 that 
requires individuals to obtain their own 
health coverage and offers subsidies to 
the poor. 

.......... 

Republicans and the 
healttKare indJsUy 

... --iIl oppose gowmrnent-set 
limits on the rise of health 

insutCrJCe premillTlS. 

......... 1_ 
Widespread support has 
aisen for • pools of 
businesses and individuals 
cround the COlXltIy to 

strergthen consaner bcrgairlir1 power 
and to spread risks.· There is 
di~t. howeYer, CNer the 
structure and pa.yers of the allicrlces. 

COMVEN1'ARY: Health-<:are reform means more than 
just restructuring the medical system - it is redefining 
the basic role of medicine in American life 
By Ben lavine 
Opinion Editor 

If scientists ever wish to confum 
the physical existence of entropy, they 
need look no further than America's 
health-<:are system. The system today 
has been brel\king apan for decades 
and, if unchecked, will eventually 
dissolve into massive chaos. 

For now, all the vital components 
of health care have been degraded to 

, intolemble levels for most Americans. 
Politicians of all political colors 

have jumped on the health-care band-
wagon to respond to their constitu-
ents' clamoring for government 
action. According to a recent Los An-
geles Times poll, approximately two 
out of every three Americans want 
health-care reform. 

Although Americans disagree or 
are unsure what reform should look 
like, they know that the present sys-
tem must go. Americans sense that 
they are gening less health care for 
more money. It is no wonder they 
demand the government not merely 
resuscitate this dying behemoth but 
rebuild it into an efficient, productive 
system - at as Iowa cost to them as 
possible. 

Health care is a dying star just 
waiting to nova. While the material 
elements of heallh care seem to be 
collapsing on themselves, the ovemll 
cost to Americans has tripled between 

1980 and 1992 and is projected to 
reach $1 trillion in 1995. Health care 
today not only drains a good ponion 
of our economic resources, itdiscour-
ages social mobility and overall health 
consciousness - according to last 
week's Newsweek. as much as 35 
percent of medical care performed is 
unnecessary. Deficiencies in -the 
internal structure of the health-care 
system also encourage hospitals and 
doctors to take advantage of the sys-
tem. 

What seems to gets lost in the 
bureaucratic shuffle of the medical 
field is the basic role of medicine in 
American life. 

Many of the problems in health 
care center around the role of insur-
ance companies. Complaints about 
the rising costs of coverage and the 
inability of many American workers 
to retain their coverage when switch-
ing to new jobs are widespread. Many 
policies are abruptly cut off over the 
adebilitating injuryorrisk of a disease 
inflicted on the companies' clients. 

Insurance companies must also 
obtain protection against hospital 
fraud and mall"ractice suits. D.lvid 
Mcintosh writes in the Wall Street 
JOllrnal that savings in health care 
cannot be made without reforming 
malpractice laws. All these problems 
could inevitably lead to higher 

See HEALTH, Page 9 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. Octohet' 4.1993 

PINION 

Dominic Lobia/Guar(1lan 

Health Care 
The Times Poll 
A majority of the people polled 
by the Los Angeles Times 
support the health care reform 
proposals Clinton has 
presented to Congress, but 
many expect to pay more: 

r;w Do you approve or 
~ disapprove of Clinton's 

health care refonn 
proposals? 

Approve 
54% 

Disapprove 
24% 

Don't know 
22% 

r;w Do you think you will 
~ pay more or less for 

health care under 
Ointon's plan? 

Source: 1M LO$ Ang~1IIs Titnl! 

More 
50% 

Reni BrucknerlGuall1i.w1 

~: Managed competition is currently the 
most viable option this COWltIy has in refonning the 
health-<:are system 
By Daniel Haw. 
ContTibutirw Opinion Writer 

President Clinton's health plan at-
tempts 10 address key economic is-
sues of our health-care system, but it 
is questionablewhetherthe plan would 
actually be successful in controlling 
health-care costs. 

At the hean of the economics of 
Clinton's plan is the concept of "man-
aged competition," which anempts to 
lower health-care costs by injecting 
competition imo the national health-
care "mmet" Economically speak-
ing, the current health-<:are market is 
broadly dysfunctional when it comes 
to controlling costs because the nor-
mal laws of supply and demand typi, 
cally don't apply. 

Patients (the buyers) have no in-
centive to find the lowest price be-
cause their health-<:are costs do not 
come directly out of their pockets. 
Meanwhile, doctors and hospitals (the 
sellers ) can charge unreasonably high 
prices because they know that insur-
ance companies are obligated to foot 
the bill. So prices continue to spiral, 
leaving even more employers unable 
to afford insurance for their wotters. 

Advocates of "managed competi-
tion," such as Clinton, try to remedy 
this situation by injecting competi-
tion into the system, thereby allowing 
the laws of supply and demand to 
work. 

Clinton wants to toss aside the 
predominant, dysfunctional, fee-for-
service method described above. His 
plan would reorganize the industry 
into many competing health mainte-
nanceorganizations(HMOs)andpre-
ferred providerorganizatiol1s (PPOS), 
both of which already exist in the 
health-<:are industry. 

HMOs provide a standard ben-
efits package to their members for a 
fi)(ed monthly rate. Members are re-
stricted to seeing only the doctors 
who belong to their HMO. These 
doctors are paid a flat fee by the 
organization regardless of the amount 
of care administered, and thus have 
no incentive to run up the bills by 
ordering e)(cessive treatments and 
tests. 

Another fonn of managed care 
favored under Clinton's plan is the 
preferred prov iderorganization. PPOs 
give their members the option of 
choosing from a list of member doc-
tors and providers who charge mem-
ber patients ti x\!d r rice\ 1'01' their ,er-
vices. 

Under Clinton ' s plan; HMOs and 
PPOS would be mandated to offer a 
minimum "standard benefits pack-
age." The package. as outlined by 
Clinton. would provide as good or 
better coverage than the majority of 
package~ insurance companies cur-

See CLINTON, Page 6 

Monday, October 4, 1993' The UCSD Guardian OPlNION 5 

• 

~: Without protections, health care in the hands of the government could lead to questionable tactics in 
controlling certain elements in our society 

-A MEANs OF·COERCION? 
By Ely Rabani 
Staff Writer 

Hea\th, and hence access to quality 
health care, is basic to one's ability to 
e)(ercise anyotherriglts.Forthalreason 
amongothers.health-carerefonnislong 
overdue in the United Stares, which is 
joined only by South Africa among 
Western indusuial nations in not having 
somefonn ofnationa1 health care. These 
two nation's have been similarly 
distinguished.forinstance,bythehlghest 
infant mortality rates in this group of 
nations. 

That said, the standard Libeltarian 
caution about the coercive dimensions 
of government activity is unusually 
applicable. The danger is not. as one 
Republican legislator suggested during 
the early Presidmial campaign, that 
national health care will combine the 
compassion of the KGB with the 
efficiency of the post offICe:, but rather 
that itmight combine the compassion of 
the post office with the eftkiency or the 
KGB. 

A weU~umenIed case: in poUt 
presents obvious political implications: 
in the early 197&. one of the 1eadc:Is fi 
the Los Angeles BIat:k Panther Party 

~ ~ pan fi govemmenl harawnert, 
denied access to Veterans 
AdminisIration medical treaIrnent for 
back injwiesSUSlaincdin Vietnam. This 

coercive measure actually saved him: 
when the LAPD, FBI and ColnlelPro 
agents machine-gunned all of the beds 
in the house in which he and otherBlack 
Panther leaders resided. he was sleeping 
on the floor due to b1ck pain. 

There are nwnerous, lessexceptional 
examples: the atomic VdeI'arIS, Navajo 
uraniwn miner.>, soldier.> subjected 10 
chemical weapons "teQS" during World 
W at n. the non-consensual sterilizalion 
of Native American women, Vietnam-
era veterans e)(posed to Agent Orange, 
and the notorious Tuskegee e)(periment 
in which African-American males 
afflicted with syphilis were merely 
"tracked" without trealment In most of 
these cases, it wasdetennined that some 
govemmental interest overrode health 
concerns.. 

More recently, Governor Pete 
Wilsondemonstrated how hea1th policy 
might be uscdcoercively by suggesting 
that a particular class of people, 
undocumented residents and their 
children, effectively be denied access to 
Mcdi-Cal and trauma care. 

Panicularly alarming, though 
laughable for its transparency. is 
President Bill Qinoon's linkage of 
healIh-are reform to his aime biD. 
Evidently. he hopes to unite the 
"law'n'order" b1cklash crowd with 
uncritical Iibends behind an otherwise 

the .-.g. Is not, 
_ one R .... bIIcaI 
1egI.lator 
N,g,asted, that 
national health 
cae will combine 
the con ..... lon of 
the KGB with the 
.fllclency 01 the 
post ornee, but 
rath. that It might 
COIIIbine tile 
con ..... lonor ... 
post ornee with 
the efficiency of 
the KGB. 

shalcy agenda. 
We have recently been told about 

how violeJ]ce, to which many lost years 
of life as weU as Emergency Room 
overcrowding are attributed, is to be 
viewed as a health issue. Nevermindthe 
actual structural and societal origins of 
violence or the fact that counties have 
been Wlwilling or unable to adequately 
fund trawna centers - more cops and 
e)(ecutions are the biner pill needed to 
help heal health care. If nOl. coercion, 
then repression ... or perhaps some of 
both. 

In fairness to Mr. Ointon, though, 
we must note that health care was never 
on the Reagan-Bush map, and that his 
proposal isa vast improvement over the 
present system. 

Further, Congress is Wllikely to even 
fund Ointon's proposal - the coming 
months should treat us to new advances 
in voodoo-mathematics. 

Unfortunately, we are likely to miss 
an opportunity for real health-care 
reform, such as a coherent, egalitarian 
single-payer system with coverage 
options. This kind of approach has 
several advantages. It assumes a basic 
societal conunitment 10 the health of all 
people, not contingent upon 
employment, economic status, pre-
Wsting conditions or specifIC risks. 
Catastrophic illnesses like AIDS are 

treated like any other condition rather 
than as a persecutable offense. 

Single-payer. however, does nOl. 
necessaril y lead to the lack of 
"incentives" for people to take good 
care of themse lves that fisca l 
conservatives are quick to invoke; that 
perception presumes that the warped 
kind of ystem presently in place is 
somehow natural. 

In that system. monetary co~ts are 
used to regulate recourse to medical 
procedures-very poorly at that. Present 
considerations take little account of the 
real, long-telm costs and benefits. 

A system lhal enables and 
encourages people 10 take good care of 
themselves as an end in itself is far 
preferable to one that attempts to use 
finilllCial consider.uions (i.e. econom ic 
coercion) to in fl uence behavior - a 
system that doesn't squash people's 
desire and ability to be healthy i 
obviously bener. Further. though these 
are too broad to treat here. there are 
significant cultW"a1 and gender issues 
that must be addressed if any health-
care system is to actually work for those 
it purports to serve. 

Of course, u nt i I a nd un Ie! s people 
demand a coherent health-<:are system 
from the political establishment, the 
IatterwiU have little if any motivation to 
provide it. 

DOMINO·5 PIZZA & thePluScarrJ 
ADD UP TO A GREAT DEAL:! 

Here's how it. works! 
It's as easy as 1,2,3 ... 
1. Call Domino's Pizza 

and tell them you'd 
like to make an order 
with the Plus Card. 

2. Give the phone person 
your student i.d. 
number. 

3. 'Your order will be 
delivered to your door 
within 30 minutes! It 

.. Plus Card member must be present 
with valid i.d . card when order arrives. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

OPEN FOR 
LUNCH 

IlNOIODY - KNOWS . LID . . DOMINO'S. 
tbIt 'Ibu lJIo£ PIzza ,. HDmt. 

UCSD KILLER DEAL! MEDIUM MEAL DEAL GREAT DEAL! 
2 Medium • Medium 2-Topping Pizza, • 2 Large 1-Topping Pizzas : 

2-Topp·lng P·lzzas : Twisty Bread & 2 Cokel : & 2-Liter Bottle of Classic • It • • or Diet Coke® : 
. $ . ForOn~ $12.99 : ForOn~10.99 : ForOn~ $16.99 : 

II 3~~~~~~a~~t. i II 3~~~~~5!~t. ! MI3~~t~~~~~t. i 
Tax not included Please mention offer when ordering. Delivery or • Tax not inctuded. Please menbon offer when ordering. Delivery Or • Tax not mcluded. Please mention offer when ordering. Detivery or : 

Carryout. N~t valid with any other offer. ExPI," 12 / 31 / 93. • Carryout. Not valid with MY other offer. Expires 12/31/93. I Carryout. Not valid WIth any other offer ExpIres 1213 t /93 . 
___________________________________________________________ 1 

Limited delivery area . Our drivers carry less than $20.00. 55.99 minimum purchase required for delivery. Valid at UCSD Domino's Pizza location onl y. 



6 OPINION 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $SOO to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR FALL 93 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY OCTOBER 8 3 PM 

RANTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

CONSIDERING BECOMING 
A CATHOLIC? 

CATHOLIC BUT NOT CONRRMED? 
The Catholic Community at UCSD will begin its 

RCIA (Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults)/ 
Conformation program on 

TUESDAY, OcTOBER .9 
at the Catholic Lounge. 

For more information or to register, please 
contact Lynn Neu, 452-1957. 

Monday, October 4, 1993 

CLINTON: 
Consumers would be 
free to change plans 
Continued from page 4 
ren.tly offer. 

This would finally make it pos-
sible for consumers and businesses to 
group together into what CI inton calls 
"health alliances" and easily shop for 
standard packages. Consumers would 
be free to change plans (and thus 
doctors) every year. Meanwhile, con-
sumers would always have the option 
of paying more for a comprehensive 
health package and a wider choice of 
doctors. 

So in theory, both the buyer (pa-
tient) and the seller (doctor) would no 
longer be able to ignore the cost of the 
medical care they would be buying 
and selling. The buyer would be mo-
tivated to shop around for a plan that 
offered the 10weSlmOnthly premiums 
(which he and his employer wou ld 
pay). And the sellers (such as HMOs 
and the doctors in PPOs) wou ld be 
motivated to keep costs down be-
cause they would have a limited pool 
of funds. 

Would managed competition 
alone actually be succes ful in keep-
ing costs down? One only has to look 
at California. where today managed 
competition i already areality. HMOs 
and PPOs dominate the market (75% 
of those of us with health Insurance 
are already in some forn1 of managed 
care). But health care costs continue 
to climb nonetheless. 

The W11ite House realizes this, of 
course, and is hedging its bets on 
managed competition by calling for a 
backup system of tough government 
regulation. A national health board 
would set a cap on the monthly 
premiums health insurers could 
charge. This cap would force doctors 
and managed care organizations to 
decide how to control their own costs. 

Hopefully, managed competition 
incombination with government regu-
lation and universal insurance, would 
be more successful in controlling costs 
than managed competition alone. [t is 
this gamble that President Clinton is 
banking on with his health-care pro-
posal. 

Meanwhile, the only thing we can 
be absolutely sure of is that to con-
tinuetodo nothing would be the worst 
choice of all. And that is an option no 
one want to exercise. 

C81SIIE CAFE 
LA JOLLA 

1_1 .. 1 •• 1 c.tIr 
8935 Town Center Dr., Ren. 

StI. 111 
558-7771 
DELMAR 
..... c..-

near CIrmeI YalIey Road 
792-2233 

--------

, 2 for 1 , 
: FALAFEL or GYROS i 
I SANDWICH , 
I ...... ..-""'" ...... ~10131W3. I 
r-----------I 
I 1/2 PRICE: 
: DINNER or LUNQI I 

Buy oae plate II rquI8r price I 
I a Jet ZDd OIIC II 1/2 price I 

1~""IId*"'''''''''' e,..1nwD. ~ 

Monday, Octoher 4, 1993 The ucsn Guardian 

THE HELEN EDISON LECTURE SERIES 
presents 

I Environmental Activism: 
The Crusade for Naturel 

Paul Watson 
en0ronment~actw~Qnd 
founding member of 
Greenpeace 

Wednesday, October 6 
7 p.m. 

Robinson Auditorium 
Graduate School of 
International Relations 
and Pacific Stud les 

Paul Watson has been an environmental activist since 
he was eight years old , when he and his friends would free 
animals from traps in the wilderness of his native Canada. Paul 
Watson has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature 
from the perils of modern man and development. 

Watson now works with the Sea Shepherd Society 
which he founded in 1977. The Sea Shepherd Society works to 
protect marine life by enforcing international treaties and 
regulations governing the oceans, treaties Watson claims are 
not enforced by the governing entities. The group accom-
plishes this mission through tactics that have been considered 
very controversial. 

For more information call 534-3400. 

WASHINGTON, DC 
Don't just 
read about it, 
experience it! ______ _ 

DC INTERNSHIP FORUM 
Sponsored by the Academic lntenuhip Program 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 7TH 
2:30-4 P.M., CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

The Academic Intern8hip Program is now acceptinr; application8 for 

THE UC PRESIDENT'S W ASmNGTON, DC SCHOLARSHIP 
,ni,Umum 3.0, eligibility for financial aid and 78 units required to apply 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: OCTOBER 18 

AlP is located in Room 3255, Literature Building 

Apply now for 
• Winter Quarter Local Internships 
• Spring Quarter D. C. Internships 

NEW HOURS: 8:30-12:00, 1:00-4:30 (eloeee WedoeIda,. at 2 pm) 

o DRIHlS 9-10 
lOO~~AME.1T . 

TO MIDNI 

TI calculators worl~ harder 
To help you work ~marter 

Introducing the TI -85 and 
the TI-82. Powerful 

graphics calculators for 
math, science and 

. . 

engmeenng. 

TI-851 Up to 99 graphing functions 
defined , saved, and analyzed at one 

time. 

TI-821 A powerful, yet easy-to-use tool 
for drawing graphs, building tables, 
. and performing data analysis. 

TI-681 For engineering students who 
require the mos t comprehensive and 

powerful technical functions . 

BAli PLUSI Combines advanced 
financial and scie ntific fun c ti ons in one 

ea y to u sc ca lculator. 

TI-30XI An easy- to-use calculator for 
general math , algebra, trigonometry, 

and sc ientists. 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

(TI-85) 

UCSD Bookstore 
Mon.-Fri. 8am - 6pm; Sat. lOam - 5pm 

EJectronics Counter 534-4320 

1 



8 The UCSD Guardian 

The Psychology behind 
the Citibank Classic Visa card, and the 
emotional security of the Photocard. The Citibank Classic Visa-
instills in students feelings of safety, security, and general wellness not unlike those experienced 

in the womb. Therefore, it is the mother of all credit cards. 1 Some experts attribute these feelings 

to the Citibank Photocard, th~ only credit card with your photo on it. A voice inside says, "This 

me, really me." (As opposed to, "Who the heck is that?"-a common response to the photo 

SubjeCT sufferillgfmm 
Credit Cnrr/771eft Nen'Osa. 

Subject after rr!Ceil'illg Qlilxmk 
Qassic Visa P/w/(}cam. 

on one's driver's license.) It's an immediate form of 

[0, a boost to your self-image. 1 Of course if your card is 

ever lost or stolen and a stranger is prevented from using it, 

you'll feel exceptionally good (showing no signs of Credit 

Card Theft Nervosa). 1 Other experts point to specific 

services, such as The Lost Wallet- Service that can replace 

your card u ually within 24 hours. Or the 24-Hour Cus-

tomer Service line, your hotline, if you will, for any card-

related anxiety whatsoever. 1 Further analysis reveals three 

services that protect the purchases you make on the Citibank 

Classic Visa card, at no additional cost. l. Buyers Security'· can cover them against accidental 

damage, fire or theft, for 90 days from the date of purchase l (preventing, of course, [nsecurity). 

2. Citibank Lifetime Warranty- allows one to extend the warranty for the expected service 

life of eligible products up to 12 year .23. And Citibank Price Protection assures you of the best 

price. You need only see the same item advertised in print for less, within 60 days, and Citibank 

will refund the difference up to $150 1 (hence no Post Purchase Depression). 'Il Special student 

savings are particularly therapeutic. There's the free Citibank Calling Service'~ from Mel to save 

up to 26% on long distance calls versus AT&T.] (You're encouraged to call Mom and Dad regu-

larly preventing Parenta Non-Supportus.) And a $20 Airfare Discount4 on any domestic flight. 

(Case studies indicate that a Fear of Flying is overcome when Spring Break in sunny Florida is a 

possibility.) Not to mention the low variable interest rate of 15.40/05 and no annual fee for college 

tudents. 11 Suffice it to say, you'll have a credit card you can depend on ~hile building a credit 

history. So call 1-800-CITIBANK, extension 19, to apply over the phone (students don't 

need a job or a cosigner) or to have your photo added 

to your Citibank Classic Visa card. 11 If we say that a 

sense of Identity is the first component of the Citibank 

Classic Visa card, a sense of Security the second, and 

a sense of Autonomous Will from your newfound 

financial independence the third. don't be crazy ... Call. Not just Visa. Citibank Visa. 
'Certtlln ~nndll ,on' and CM. IU \ M,." appl)t P1ca..r: rr.fcr lu )'"ur Summary uI AdditIOnal Program InfOfmalion. Bu~n. Security is underwritten b) The Zurk:h International 

K Llrtlllcd • (',I :lIn re ' UK.IMtn' and hmlHnKHl\ apply Under .... rtlten by lhe: ~ Hamp.-hirc In~r.ncc Comp.R)t Service life expect.ncy vlries by product and i It 
Icol" the nllnlmum h .. ~tJ tin rCI,1I1 Indu\lry tJ.uu Dc:lud, of ( (J\Icralt are avai lable in your Summary of Additional Procram Informa.ion. 'Savini' claim is 

b:I",~ nn • IO·mlnu" nl~h""""~,n<J <"" In ,he I.YII '" :VIlMI mIl .. ", bond u,;n, Mel ', CON Compo'ibili'y ,oles YS. A'lln". "onUrd colli,. urd 'Oles. efrecIiw 
~~.\ C.lltwn~ C .. IlIO(! Scr"M.~ lunf. dl'\lIlI1l.'r u\Ut't l.1In,." tx ..,tirtl to obIain benefit, under III)' other MC1 ~rtner prosram or oI'fer. includi .. f~1 ... rd pr'OIratnS. 
'00" .... ,., "'1IW-1. M,n,mum , ... ite. "...n:h ..... I"K'C ,,51(U _,<- ... IUI' Cilibenk "uden. cardmemll<", on lickeu iMucd by ISE Flit"'. onl)< ' The A ....... ~ .. 
RoIl(, lor pur,hol~'" h 1~.4'"1 II'" or KN' and may \fury tfuarlC~rly The Annulill P!rctnlage Rate for ca~h advlnc~' i. 19."'. If I rin.nee chirp is impoM:d . the 
minimum " ~J ,:tn"" Thc:rc " lin ~k.hhnn.al finanet d\olr~ ~". e..ch ca'" advuncc Iran..ct.on equal to 2'% tV the lmourM of eKh ca.'" advance tramection; ~. 
,I ",II rllt he Ie"" Ih.m S1J)() IIr ~f'C'al"'r IhtJn \HI'W, Mon~r ... "'" NcMt\. a~ puhh\ro.hed ~ Monarch Prr,-,. Ii d,\listOn of Simoft a SdM.KIer. I Paramount Communaions 
" ....... "" l ~ I') JIC,ml".'" "I ,he ""hi "he, ( , ,""nk «,JII ,.rJ, .,' ,,,ucd hy Ci,lb:ink (SouIh o.kt~'~ N.A. 4)199) Ci,ibonk fSouIh Dokol.~ N,A. Member FDIC. 

Monday, October 4, 1993 

The Monarch- Notes Version: 

The Citibank Classic card gives 

students peace of mind, protection 

against Freud-or rather fraud-a 

low rate and no fee. Apply today. 

Call 1-800-CITIBANK, ext. 19 

" " ~~ "_" __ ' _ _ __ ." • • _ _ ___ _ _ __ "" r" ••••••••••••• - ••• ••••• ••• •••••• •• ....... . " . ...... -.. -- -

Monday, October". 1993 

HEALTH: 
Problems with the 
system today 
ContInued from .... 4 
premiums. 

Medical bills are higher even for 
those who are insured: Because 
hospitals are compelled to provide 
medical care to the 37 million unin-
sured citizens and illegal immigrants 
who seek free health care. they are 
forced to pass these costs to insured 
patients. This helps to explain why a 
coupie of aspirin can COSl I 8 dollars at 
a hospital. 

Both liberals and conservatives 
realize that Americans will lose faith 
in government if the health-care sys-
tem is not refonned. However, they 
differon how refonn can be achieved. 
Liberals want a "single-payer sys-
tem"like in Canada, where the gov-
ernment is the soleinsurcr. Conserva-
tives want a system g~ more 
toward the behaviorofthe free market. 

President Ointon cast the fU'St 
stone by making health-care refonn a 
top priority during his campaign. 
Despite criticism over the appoint-
ment of his wife to lead the task force 
and the numerous postponements of 
the plan's unveiling, Clinton kept the 
one campaign promise that counted 
the most - he introduced his propos-
als to a joint session of Congress last 
week. 

Clinton's plan is, by far, the most 
elaborate and expensive of all the 

heaJth~ proposals - it is pr0-
jected to cost $700 billion over the 
next five years. The plan will orga-
nize insurance companies into state-
wide alliances which will negotiate 
with doctors and hospitals overprices. 
Everyone would be covered under 
the Clinton plan - cost estimates 
project coverage to average around 
$1800 for individuals and $4200 for 
families. The plan proposes that 80 
percent of the cost be covered by 
employers through government man-
dates. 

Republicans realize that behaving 
in a partisan manner will create 
gridlock over the health-care issue. 
They are under pressure to come up 
with a plan foruniversaJ coverage and 
institutional refonns of the medical 
system. They offer a plan similar to 
Clinton's, which will require every-
one to have health insurance (just like 
mandatory auto insurance coverage 
in California), However, the 
Republicans do not want to burden 
small businesses with covering their 
employees. They propose. instead, to 
offer tax breaks and subsidiestocover 
low-income citizens. 

Many are skeptical aboutClidon's 
numbers on savings in Medicare and 
Medicaid cuts, and his estimaaes on 
the average premiums for individuals 
and families. Some are hardly con-
vinced that government can coordi-
nate and ovenee such a huge sector of 
our economy. 

It is not s~ing, though, to see 
the amount of aamion health CIte is 
receiving. Suchambitiousrefonn pr0-
posals would not even have made it 
past the f1lll committee in the House 
had they not concern an issue which 
costs 19 percent ci our totaJ Gross 
Domestic Product. Many Americans 
realize that both the defICit and 
problems in health care could lead to 
an enonnous drain on our econmic 
resources in the comina years. 

Theclumps Conpessdoesdecidc 
upon will be revolutionary - hlRlly 
somedIina we IIIIIIIly expect OUI of 
our government, The health.c;are 
bandwaaon is det1nitely rolling. with 
Oilton in the IeId. Theonlyqucstions 
ranainin, 8R who will bCnefll and 
who will be left behind. 

The UCSD Guardian 

PONSIDER STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN ... 

Auatralia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica, 
Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, France, Germany, Ghana, 

Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, 
Italy, Japan, Kenya, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, 
Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, Togo, 

the United Kingdom, or the USSR. 

TM UC IlDUCATlON ABROAD PROGRAII (BAP) GIld 1M UCSD 
OPPOIlTUNTIBS ABROAD PROGRAII (OAP) o",r """,.1IHH"i. 
IDIIId. IJIId inlcnylaip opporluaUU. ia IIIne GIld man, oIlNr 

~Applkoliola DeadU .... __ 

Important Information 
Se_n' on RAP and OAP 

7536 Fay Ave. 
with alidea, aDd reaar- to _r qu ..... 456-BREW 

• Earn Aademic: Credit • Financial Aiel Available • EAP Scholarships 

Wednesday, Oct. 6, 7 pm 
International Center Lounge 

For more information call1l84-l1I3 
UCSD Proerama Abroad OfIlce College IOfproof of age reqUired. 

The new 
3-D graphing 
grade-making 
easy-learning 
fast-answering 
budget-pleasing 
headache-busting 
HP48G 

Check it out 
The new HP 48G graphic calcula-
tor gives you a whole lot more for 
a whole lot less than you think. 

Get more 
, Push a button, choose from the 
pull-down menu, and fill in the 
blanks. Entering data is that easy. 

• View 3-D graphs. 
· Access over 300 built-in equations. 
· Perfonn algebra and calculus . 
operations on equations before 
entering values. 

• Enter and see equations like they 
appear on paper. 

· Work with different units of 
measure. The HP 48G will convert 
them for you. For example, enter 
inches, centimeters, yards, and 
feet, together in one equation -
itll convert them. 

Get more ... for less 
· Compare prices - the HP 48G fits 
yourbudgel 

Special introductory ofrer* 
When you buy an HP 48G or 
HP 48Gx, you can get free 
software (Plus games!) and a free 
cable for connecting to your 
desktop PC. Write programs for 
the HP 48 using your PC keyboard, 
or store lIP 48 files and programs 
on your desktop PC. 

Pick up a coupon at your college 
bookstore. 

r~3 HEWLETT a:~ PACKARD 

"Offer 800d while 1UPP1Ie8 ... OIl ptII'Cha8e!I 
made from A ...... I, I~ IhrouCIt 
~ 31, 19113. ~ coupon for Ie""" 
lind cOlldlliol .. 
CHewleU-PacUrd ~ PO 123068 

OPINION 9 



LO NEWS 

By Elaine Camuso 
Associate News Editor 

SPIRING STAND-UP 
comedians will 
have a chance to 
brush up on their 
one-liners and 

punchlines when veteran comicl 
comedy writer Jim Birgecomes to 
town this week. In conjunction 
with Circus Earth, a non-profit 
organization dedicated to integrat-
ing the arts into school curricu-
lum, Birge will conduct a seminar 
tomorrow night designed to teach 
the techniques for success in the 
cutthroat world of stand-up 
comedy. 

In his 14 years of experi-
ence as an instructor of 
stand-up comics, Birge, who 
is a professional writer and 
actor, has been responsible for 
the debut of over 700 comedi-
ans in over 150 stand-up 
comedy shows and the es-
tablishment of comedy 
clubs at UCLA and UC Irvine. 
He has taught people of all ages 
from diverse backgrounds, but he 
rnainrained that college students 
are his favorite group with which 
to work. 

"My passion is really for this 
age group," Birge said. "I find a 
great enthusiasm [among college 
students] ," he added. 

Indeed, Birge's firstexperience 
as a comedy instructor was wilh 
college students. 

"In 1979, I was faculty in resi-
dence at UCLA, and I had to gen-
erate student interest programs. 
So I PUI up some flyers to see if we 
could get some stand-ups," he said. 
"Out of that came Shane Black 
[the writer of Lethal Weapon and 
The Last Boy Scout) and Ed 
Solomon [who co-wrote Bill and 
Ted 's Excellent Advellfllrel, two 
really fine stand-ups who have 
become very successful writers in 

• their industry." 
Olher successful graduates in-

clude Jimmy Herzfeld, writer of 
"It's Garry Shandling's Show," 
Lon Diamond, the creator of Fox's 
"Parker Lewis Can't Lose," and 
Mark De Carlo, the host of the 
popular game show "Studs." 

The seminars that he conducts 
usually lead to a series of writing 
workshops, in which the potential 
comedians work in teams to de-
velop stand-up routines. The ulti-
mate goal of the workshop is for 
participants to perform these rou-
tines in front of an audience. The 
performances start out with a head-
lining act, which in the past has 
featured comics such as Garry 
Shandling, Jerry Seinfeld and Jay 
Leno. 
T.e "r' 0I1t' .... _ .. 

Birge covers all of the basics of 
stand-up in his seminar and offers 
the writing workshops for students 
who are interested in continuing 
with the team writing process. 

"If you came to [the seminar), 
you would learn about stand-up, 

The UCSD Guardian 

you would learn how to write ma- O"erro"nfl Pre .. ure 
terial, you would learn how to The support of the group also 
present yourself on stage, that helps the potential comedians 
whole thing," Birge said. "At the overcome stage fright, which can 
end of the seminar, if you didn't be fatal in the high-pressure stand-
want to take classes, you'd still up environment. 
have the information that you "It's not just writing [material), 
would need to be able to go out but it's helping them and giving 
and get started on your own." them confidence to not be afraid to 

Learning to write stand-up is go up and do what is one of the 
the key to learning how to per- most deadly things in the perform-
form, according to Birge, who has ing arts," he said. 
his students work in teams to bol- In addition, the more a comic 
ster each other's confidence. writes, the better prepared he or 
"There is a big thing with camara- she will be on stage, according to 
derie," he said. Birge. 

"You come in with your note- "Most times comedians look 
book and you've got these ideas, like they're maybe 50 to 70 per-
and you throw them out, and then cent ad-libbing it. A lot of them 
you've got a group of people who do, but what happens is these are 
at least think they're funny, who comedians who have so much ma-
are throwing ideas back at you," teriaJ that they can be up there 
said Birge, adding that this open talking about the weather and 
exchange of idea ... has proved a somebody yells sometlli ng out and 
successfut technique. whatever is yelled OUl, the come-

"It's worked fabulously over dian has a ton ofjokesjn that area. 
the years. I mean, that's why I've "That's where they're really 
got a nice feather in the cap that I slick. Theyappeartobeud-Iibbing 
haveworkingsland-upsacrossthe - when in fact they've got it all in 
country thatstarted in my classes," the back of their head, but that's 
he said. because they spent the time very 

Monduy, 0 'lllher4 , 1993 

Comedy instructor Jim Birge teaches 

aspiring stand-ups the value of writing 

and teamwork at his 

seminars for comedians 

said. 

diligently wfltlng and 
writing and writing," he 

The comedians meet at least 
five times over Ihe course of a 
two-week period, including a one-
on-one session with Birge in which 
they refine their individual acts 
before the performance. 

"Sometimes in those one-on-
ones, the acts can change com-
pletely," he said, citing a handi-
capped student he had worked with 
in Redondo Beach. In their one-
on-one session, the student told a 
very hard-hittingraciaJ joke, which 
he and Birge then incorporated 
into his act as a theme. By using 
his own disability as a starting 
point, the comic was able to turn 
his act into a commentary on preju-
dice of all kinds. 

~ .... ...., ~ .. I..earn 
Birge said that the perfor-

mances he produces are much 
like the shows put on at profcs-
sional comedy c1ub!\, since some 
of the comedians do well and 
some do not. He said that overall 
the audiences have responded 
positively, 

'The odd thing is, usually the 
comments that come back after 

there is a show is thar the audience 
is pretty much blown away at the 
level, knowing that they're going 

Iheaudience roiling in the aisles, 
but when he was invited back to 
the club the next week and did 
the same routine, he bombed. 
"The atlitude ltry to instill in 

people is to say 'What Ihe hell. If 
you bOlllb. you le.lrn ... · 

Birge's stand-up career began 
when he wasajuniorin highschool 
in Jasper, Indiana. A fell ow stu-
dent asked him to perform at a pep 
raily , and with only aday of prep a-
ration, he stood up in front of the 
student body :.il.d delivered a 45-
minute routine. After that, he 
started performing stand-up, but 
later real ized he preferred teach-
ing. 

"As I got older and I started this 
thing at UCLA, when I saw how 

funny some of these people 
were, I got to realizing that my 
niche was helping them bring it 

around and hone iI," he said. 
Birge alumnus Shane Black 

praised Birge's ability to bring out 
the best in those starting out in the 
business. 

"[B irge] allows students to be-
lieve that their work is wonh some-
thing. He makes YOll forget that 
what you're doing is impossible," 
he said, emphasizing the great 
amount of luck it takes to become 
successful in the business of com-
edy writing. 

"You need to recognizt: the 
comedy in a situation in order to 
write a drama," said Black, adding 
that the high-pressure comedy 
writing that he did in the work-
shops helped to develop those tal-
ents. 

Birge, who is cUl'rently at work 
on a series of children 's books, 
said that he wishes he could put on 
seminars and conduct classes full-
time. 

"If r could do that. .. if that 
would be my only livelihood, think 
of how wonderful a life that would 
be, just sitting and writing stand-
up constantly with new people." 

Jim Birge lI'i/l COndl/CT llis 
semilw" Tlle.l·day. Ocl. 5.lmlll 7 
10 9 p.lII . lIT Ci rel/s ElI!'I" ' .~ Center 
Ring Them(!/'. locllTed lit 11199 
SorrenfO VlIf(ey ROlld. Suire F. 
For lurrhu injeml/Cllioll Clml r~s­
('noat/ml.I·. COl/tact JoII" Bo II yer, 
(619) 558-32-/9. 

Monda y, October 4, 1993 

ROBERT'S 

AUTO 
< '" ""* ,':<:';f',.. 

.<~; .(~ 
" .. 

, >' .< +, ,.,:~~ '" 
<' .- _-.};~" > ..... :t.<~...¥."+..f. ~~ • 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( (, 19 )27,>-11 ::2 
Mon:-Fri. 7 am-S:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm 

We use and recommend ~I!ID 
lubricants to OJr (Vll.arners. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
a" repairs* with this coupon 

'EJ!cept motor and transmission overhaul. 
Not valid wI1h any other coupon. 

we c.are hair COSTA VERDE amR 8750 Genesee 
_III YOU Al.WAYi GiTiOiiiliiIMCI_ 587·CUIT· M.f 9-8, Sot. '-6, SIn. 10-5 

------T.~-----T------IEIIE. SODU EO I PERMS 
HAIICUT, I HAIl COLOIIH 1$19'5 ItIiIllir, I 
SHAMPOO I GlOSSING SiLtS I ~=' I 

I & (O •• motIl.. I HIGHUGHT1116 $24.95 ~ - - - - - ~ 
I IILKTD PIOfUSIOIIIl I I NOW $ 9'5 I COlOI PIIIIII6 $9.95 OIl CAlI PIIOIIC11 

I ONLY I (0. .... ,...1 I 20" oH I L ______ .L_·_~~ __ J. ______ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

'FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 

FREE MOVIE POSTERS 
Brought to You Courtesy of 

Tuesday. October 5 
8:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Budget Travel Sanlnar 
11:00 • 1:30 pm 

Gallery A. 

Passes Available At 
UCSD Box Office 

Monday Oct. 4th, 12 Noon 
Pr9sfmtBd By 

University Events 

ROtRi The World Seminar 
1 .. 00 • 3:00 pm 

GIIlery A. 
With nationally acclaimed budget travel expert Keith Yazmir. 

Plus San Dlego 's own 'Round the World travel guru, Debby Ferrante 

II 



12 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 4, 1993 

PAY: Chancellor salaries "We've always held that the focus of 
budget cuts should be kept away from stu-below national average dents and faculty, and seeing as how we have 

Continued from .,...1 a bloated administration, that's where we 
lives have remained relatively unchanged should cut," Shaw said. 
since 1991 when the university's current Assemblyman Mike Gotch, who repre-
fiscal problems began 10 mount. In that time, sents the 76th District which includes 
the university has cut $342 million from its Miramar and Claremont, echoed those criti-
budget, eliminated 5,600 faculty and staff cisms in a letter to Board of Regents Chair-
positions and reduced faculty salaries this man Howard Leach. "For those of us who 
year by 3.5 percent. make the funding of higher education a pri-
. The two reports have raised the ire of ority, and now witness 1993 Fall enrollment 
those who claim that administrative com- down for the first time in decades due to 
pensation has remained unscathed through insurmountable cumulative fee hikes, the 
the budget crisis while studenl fees have thought of increasing salaries for top admin-
gone up and faculty salaries hav.e been cut. istrators comes as a shock," Gotch wrote. 
According to Andy Shaw,execulivedireclor David Baron, who works in Gotch's San 
of the University of California Student Asso- Diego office, noted that the report on UC 
ciation (UCSA), the university should re- executive compensation was released at the 
exami ne its budget priorities. - same time the California State University 

Board of Trustees approved a $20,000 sal-
ary increase for CSU presidents. 

''This whole 'Keep up with the Joneses' 
attitude just doesn't work for us," Baron said. 

Alva defended the university's exec uti ve 
salaries, adding that administrators have not 
received increases since 1991 while faculty 
and staff have been given merit increases. 

"lbe individuals in the executive pro-
gram who are earning these salaries ... are 
individuals who bring experience to their 
position. Their compensation is based on 
skill, experience and responsibilities," said 
Alva. adding that UC administrators are be-
ing forced to make difficult decisions. 

"When you have to reduce your workforce 
because of budge I cuts, it's painful for those 
who are affected by the cuts, but it' s also 
difficult for the people who make that deci-
sion," he said. 

U CSA: Proposal 
rejected by administrators 
ContInued from p ... 1 
they don' t want student government to exist," 
Emerick said. " [The university] is using [its 
proposal] to squelch out student ac tivism." 

According to Emerick, the UCSA has 
two main concerns with the university 's pro-
posals. The first is that budgeting would be 
unpredictable because it would be based on 
a donation system. The second is that student 
government would be forced to judge the 
nalure of each student organization. The 
students would be liable for these decisions 
and an enormous amount of money would be 
consumed in lawsuits, Emerick aid. 

Both the un iversity and the UCSA have 
appealed the California Supreme Court 's 
decision to the U.S. Supreme Court. 

~========~========~~ Comdering the ~ is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~u 
glad we're open all night? 

-n 
You want to get smart and make a ton of money don't you? Here's how you get started, 
SENOR PESCA has a great deal on SWORDfiSH TACOS TWO FOR $'.99 

Come on in to SENOR PESCA 000 enjoy some great 0 Fish Tacos, which ere !111ed, lIVER FRIED. 
SENOR PESCA has 0 complete Mexican menu including Burritos, Torms, Quesodillas and Combo plates. 

PlUS, tmgy ~"lIOnluS ond frosIv Me,iron iIeeIs. 
AND DON'T FORGn TO PKK-UP YOUR OWN SENOR PESCl SPORT BOTTLE 

SenOR Pesea 
CAFE MEXICANA 
r---------------------~ 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

: &~ I : 
10/10/93 

L _____________________ ~ 

11 :30 • 1:30 ..., - n.s4ay • 11:30 • 9-.30 frWIy & s.t •• , 
La JoIIo V'1Ioge Drive of Regenl5 Rood, next 10 Anthony's La Jolla 

..... 457.0597 • Fa: 457-S09t 

~========~========~ 

You want to make sure your project 100ks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you' U (I'OIm1y be wcxidng 00 it mtil 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never twn in. 

La lolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
483-1852 

YOU COULD EARN $300 
OR MORE A MONTH 

If you have recently had or currently have any of the following. 
you could qualify to be a plasma donor. earn extra money and 
I",'"cfit medical research. 

• Rheumatoid Arthritis • Chicken Pox 
• Epstein-Barr Virus • ,Rh Factor 
• Hepatitis A or B • Chlamydia 
• Herpes I or II • Syphlllis 
• Mononucleosis • Lupus 

~ CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION! 
HeiN8k§k •. lnc. 226·1733 

• COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR, WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 'COIta VerdI Blvd .• 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

--UCSD 

• 
Lo JoliO 111110,0 Dr. 

J I I ~ .. I Dr . 
UTC 

II 
~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE " DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------l !Ill Full ServlCI $ 99 l 

: ~~~~p!!!Aa3~-: 
I C"R WASH Nat! ¥lid will IIfI/ otw oller. SAVE 14.218 I 
I EIpIIw 11I20Il3 \ . I 
------------------______ 1 

Monday, October 4, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Super Annual Clearance Sale 

GIORGIO ARMANI 

33%·50% Off Every Frame in Stock! 
With pllchase of lenses. 

Includlng designs by: 
GIorgio Arman/. 

Rolph Lauren Polo, 
Coza!. Chrtsfian Dlor. 

Tura. Logo Paris. 
Emmanuefle Khanh. 

Volenfino. and many more. 

whal's 
• In 

Oller expires 10l30I93. 
No other dIoco<rlI appIv. 
Eor:rninattonl CMliIabIe. 

EYES OF LA JOUA 
OPT 0 \\ E T R V 

Dr. Jeffrey Markson 
Optometrist 

at UTe. next to Nordstrom 
4417 La Joia Village Drive 

(619)597-2020 

YOU KNOW 

YOU KNOW 

Coming Soon 

1-800-COLLECT 
America.'s Inexpensive Way 

To Call Someone Collect:' 

Dial it I.nstead. of "0" a.nd saw up to 44%. 

... 

13 

/ , 



o 

!! 
• ... 

-i 
Z 

,.. 
~ 'a 
o :I 'a 

~>5' ~~~ 
, ~ g 

_"TI Co) III 
Qll\,)m 

, Co) ~ 
..,.o~ 
W - m 00< 
'a 3 !!. 
- n -3 ft) 3-

iD 

-..... en ::r ct> _ 
ct> 0 3 c 

- ct> (") !!!. s. g. 
crQ-g en(§. :a 
ct> :.E <' m Q. G) en 0~!!!..°osu~3 
°Oct> :::l ..... c 
:::l::T::JS; =SUen ~. - - en » ~ _ Q.::ro ct> =Q.::T 
ct>ct>o_o::r

su iil'<S;Q ....... SUC6 
po ~. ~ s· ~ C6 Co) 

=-00-" a 
::J ::J 

~ sa O:l ,-.. ~. ;;.. '" ~ C"> 0 
. ~~"'" -~ "''''''~ '" 
· !t '" ~ ~ ~, 

'< 0 -. \ i0oi 
"''''i£;-; ..., o 0 - ..,...., 

c 3;'§~ ('t) ~~~~~c ~ 
0" X "'......::': 2. "0 
o ,., "'. '"' :or < _. o _. < " ., '" _ 
- '" '" - '" ~ . _. ::T - ". :::: -. ill ('t) o en ... '" '" _ (I:< ::l C R'5 ()O ;e a: 
,., ~ QQ~ 1;1 0 
'" :> - a i6 rn ::l 3_=~~", _ 
c ~ _(")~ 

ua-: 
_IIC _ .... 
o :Ill a M'" 
..... 001 .. :z:. 
ua-n ..... 
z!'! CIt --iii::-=-~. Clm 
== ..... ~ :z:. CI~' en 

~:-w 

, 

~ 0 8 i ~!Il i p. % ~ % ... 
• ~ =. ~ia -< 0 &- C'f g 
Iil i'j . I 6: a ~ ::J 3 ~ ~ 
:... Q::I j~~~~ --~g J ?< ,.. . ll~~ Go C ~ i \'l 5111.; "!in ~ ~ -" t~i ;r. ~ .. -. Q~g 
.,. '!Ii'"; a .. 
; ~ II f ai--~~~~ &'°C t ~ ... w .... -.. ... 
, ~ -0""001,11 

~ 
...,. ,. 
..... .., 
....... ~;;; 

* 
~ i'i' &. :!5 ••••• 
V' e ... ~-e 

--~--------------~ ~ 

~i- < ~ 9 m 0 CII .. ~ ~~ -
-.I .'!!- o =>'< N 
-- d ~~~ n --= ~; ~ :.E ~ ~ CD ~ 0 ..... 

• 

1 ... lB ; ~ a \J ~ t:::J 
It ~ ~ . .. "'CD I» --

..... ~~ ~ ; ~ .. :e._... ---i • ~ 
__ • ~"r :: ~- - 00 

- ;- : j ~ g :; s: ~ 
....... it i : ; =- ~-g = m C") C.D i~ !r~=': ~j. e :xl ... ~ 
en ~i al5l~ h I n - Pl ~~ • • g ~"to z~ _--C:: 

... _CD ' ---i _ a il ~CQI-~~9j ... ~ Ail f rCQ ~If 
.nl'" CD ~ ~ ~ er ! =atII~ IV ~ 9. . Ii .: c c l:::r 
;. ii .. [ :: C = 1 0l=~ - D,-. fX~ . !!. I7CD Z oc;;-lf i C ~~&:3' CD 

<D"-:X 
~~ ... 
&,[ 

@g.3S-:E g-gg.=· s =· n ~ .., co n ~ 0 n '< :I _ . 0 I 0:1 _ ~ 00 ~ = ..., n .., - 0</ ::. -l '" (II08."'n "' o ' oo t1>"'::T-' ~ . .., ~ ~ 3 '< 0 :I ()Q n ':i 
0. 3 0 ' -- c: '"Sl - ~ ~ '" '0 <: c: ~c:,", - "' 8. oto()QC:..,~CI 
__ f,I) :::t ::!l ::r - -t 3 "< n 0 _ . ~ 
:7-o.nncr-c: c:too:'-c-!; 
nC-_Q:'Ono "'~c:~li"oo~ ~("O::r VJ ::r ~ -..,-=-3< 
(i' r;: n 3 ~ g n g" g Sl $a '" til 3 
::l ~ ~ c: CSO 0. ~ :s (") ('D @ ; ' ~ ' "D 
=. 0 0 ~ v n.., _ 0 '" to < 0.. 
::'l(i1il-o_ OQ :'-"'C:0o· III 00...,'3"..,,0'< n "' 3=' - CI 
'Sl ' ~. t1>"'2.:E __ '<S~g~ ... 
o N:Ec>:=.· O g~o~o. 
0" n n '" ::r ~ = t1> c: = -. 
Ii" .,..,=3 "' ''' 3 "' 0.= 3 Q c: ~ S 3 '"Sl 0 ~()Q '" ~ ~ 9 E' 6. ~ 9 ~ 9 ~ ~ 

~"'O .... 
til a -3 
..... cr .. 8' (D L.A..J 

~.a == o Vl •• 
~Ss:: {'l) ~ _-~ '< = 
n 0.. 0 
..... {'l).., 0_ 
.., ~ 

'< 
'0 0 dOl ~ "'. '" '< 
rJ:; ('i)' n (") ~ _ ~ O ~ ~ = ~ ~ 

. ..,..,-:: 

..., "" C>- ~ ~ ~ ::r • o 0 OJ Ql ~-< -. 
=-", -=-~o '" -'0 ~-<~c _ 
- '0 ;.... <e. ::r = ..... 
co- --<"'or ........ 
0"" ~~"'''' ~ 
°ona",s'm 0 -o~('t) C e 3 ~ =. :: :3 

'0 0' n '" :;. 0 '" 0 0'::; OQ r:T (b> 00 '0 '" =I S-~ .., c::~ . OQ = c:;. c: .., 0 n c::.., n 0" Q =. n 
'" ~n __ =- c::-_o.n-:r c"'~ 
'" ~ '" = = -:r 0 '" r:T _. = OQ '" n Il:j 0 _. n 
n =z On"'''''M-''',",n-",c>~a ~!~&i$'"Sl~~~~[~~g~3g~~ 
'< 0 _. = -- ::-:.2. :: n '0 "T1:=.' :=" 2" 3 iii' 0 ;e' til o"''''o~o~C>~~G~ ~C> -0'" 
0"3 "'o.=~n-'O - 00.", o",-",..,~ (I> '0 _0 ",'0:'-"'0- - "',<=- 0.., -~~&'<~:E",a",=,<- c:",n?~", Onn ~ Onx~~ ~ ~n ~ -o - n 0' 0- - 0 _ . ' ()Q (!> 0. _. :::'l -0' a '0 
o o· - .., 0 ci: ~ 3 g g 0" '"Sl n g i;l ::> 0" 0 

co'" ~"~., ..... 'C';_~= O~ 00 '-<: ...., 9-,< 
0'\ ... ~ 10''''' • 
'" :r e, ~ g '-' :--l ~ Vl ....... ('t) 

... 8 0 2' 
= ~ ~ :2 :: <: ~ - ('t) 

.e ?, " .-

~~~~c ~~~-~~O ~-~ ~~ ~~~n- E"'['<S~~ ~E5a~~ 
3:;'0'Og" o~'<~~(!>'" n"'C"~o~ !a' ("D ;a~. ~ ~ 8 ~ ~ ('b 8 3~ ::Y ~ ~. (5 - ~ 
_ . 0. _ . n 0 0 <;> '" ;:Q '" '" '" 0 :I :"' ~ '" ~~~g.." 8:E;:Qo.~oa ~30</...,oo. ~ _ . ~ ~ - ..., 0 c: t/) en 3 c .., Q.. _ :T 0 ~ ~~~a~ ~~~~. ~~~ ~~9~~~ 
<00-8. 3 0' cr5~? ~~:E3S-~ n 
'" ~ g "'.., '< '" en _ . ; . 0 '" n ~ Q 
::-:.., 0 '" ~ '" ~ N c- :l o· ~ !=l- 0 .., '< Vl c: 0. !;_0~ "' ~38~~=:.- a~ !:7n~ 0~"'~3:r~~o.o.@= ~~g-3·~VlOQ 
< ""...... _ . <lI <:. .. tJ ('t)..., - 0 --~_~~~~~ ~~n_ ~:Ec:~~ 0 
"' ~ = ", c- 3~-~ "' ~-o ~ 
_ . (!> 0. - ~ en 0- tn 0 n '/Q - .., ~ (b -0 ..... 0. >< ~ :r ' _ . 8. .... .., 0 - (!> ~ '" .., (!> 
. -<~ ~ Q~ -~n ~S"'o.=o= w ~< -el ~~~ri ('OOQ ::~~~'" oon on _ . ~~ ",~-c: ~ :r 

"'0 Q """ 0 c ~ ('b rot __ .D - - - ~ - t.r.I 0 
0 - < 3a o::~S· c:~P o ~o~ 
""" :;$ III 3 :::S.D ~ _ . j:I";"'" :J - , ...., ...., v: ..., ~ g ~ ~ c c ~ ;Z ~ a @ '. 9- n ' ~ 0 
o ;; c- c ' =:. ~ o:g ;;: g.." :E oj no::::. ...., 
"< ..... qjQ' (g- Q' =:: ~::: 0::1 5- !!. e; n;.g b ""t1 
(b 2' - - ~ ' ~ R - ~ ~ - (=i ' t.J _ - ::r = !n ;~~:T ~ ::r=-_ ":t:;j 3!2.~~ 
<A _ . :::!l '" :E _ . _ 0 ~ - ' - _ . :r -. 
.. g 'r til (P ~ Q -g E; ~ g ~ (i; ' g ~ ~ 

~ by Student Oraanlzatlons 
" Leadership Opportunlti 

" KAPLAN riday, October 8, 199310am - 3pm Sungod Lawn 
A New Attitude for Animals (ANAFA) 
(A.S.A.P.)Active Students for AIDS Prevention 
!American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE) 

merican Medical Women's Association 
merican Society of Civil Engineers 

IAmiga User's Group (AMUG) 

IAmnesty Int~r~n.al@ le Iln Boulevard Fllin~ I 
Id y D) 

UCS 
on ( ) 

Day Coalition 
xperience Abroad Club 
lays and Lesbians in Literaturl&(GA ) 

rminaI, The 
Id Bar (Military Science) ~ 

ardcore Student Film Producti 
ntemational Socialist Club at 

bian Gay Bisexual Association (LGBA) 
IIIlIIIl 

.UJ.E.R. (Mujeres Unidas Pam Justicia Educacion y Revolucion) 
I United Nations 
~tivism Study Group at UCSD, The 
'ganization of Students Interested in Latin America 

r Counseling Organization of UCSD 
-Med Club at UCSD . 

hoice Students at UCSD 
hythm Collective 
isterhood Across the Waves (SAW) 
tudent Environmental Action Coalition (SEAC) 
tudent Health Advisory Committee (SHAC) 
tudent Health Advocates 
tudent Syndicate 
tudents Active Towards Community Health (SA TCH) 
ndergraduate Physics Research Center 

ERGRAUND! Theatre 
Women's Resource Center (WRC) 

orld Honor Society 

merican Society of Mechanical Engineers 
BMES) Bio-Medical Engineering Society 
hicanoslLatinos for Creative Medicine 
mpowered Blacks United in Science (EBUS) 

IEEE) Institute of Electrical & Electronic Engineers 
Yacht Club 

Phi Alpha Delta Pre-Law Fraternity 
ysical and Occupational1llerapy Club 

I

Pre-Dental Club 
Pre-Professional Psychology Association 

iety of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) 
iety of Women Engineers 

uperstructure (Pre-Arch Collective) 

Stage demonstrations, food, performances, and lots of information. 
SOCIAL With over 200 organizations that register every year, the choices will be endless! 7 No-Trump 

CULTURAL 
Afghan Student Association 
African American Student Union (AASU) 
Am1enian Student Association 
Asian Pacific Islander Student Alliance (APSA) 
Bear and Samovar 
Bridge Alumni Organization 
Chinese Culture Club (CCC) 
Chinese Student and Scholar Association (CSSA) 
Chinese Student Association (CSA) 
German Club at UCSD, The 
Hawaii Club OfYC~hana 0' Aikane 

Wn~ ion ZJ ' cti \V i (lAC.___ a a ese A en n oclety 
Kaibigang Pilipino 
Korean American Stu, 
Movirniento Estudiantl 
Native American Stude 
Persian Club 
QigongClub 
R.O.C., Taiwan, Grad 
(RBE)Royal Brothe 
Sangam Asian 
Union of Jewis~ 
United Taiwanese Association 
Vietnamese Student Association (VSA) 
ACADEMIC 
Alpha Kappa Psi 
American Chemical Society, Student Affiliates 
Computer Science & 

Engineering Graduate Student Association 
Forensics Club at UCSD 
Golden Key National Honor Society 
Journal of Environment and Development 
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) 
Pacific International Affairs Student Organization (PIASO) 
Pilipino Association for Health Careers (PAHC) 
Society for Cognitive and Neural Sciences (SCANS) 
School of Medicine at UCSD, Class of 1996 
Society of Art History Students 
Women In Political Science (WIPS) 
POLITICAL 
College Democrats at UCSD 
College Republicans at UCSD 
Palestine Solidarity Committee 
San Diego Public Affairs Committee (SAND-PAC) 

MEDIA 
)39 
Alternative Visions 
California Review 

RECREATIONAL 
Badminton Club at UCSD 
Ballroom Dance Club 
Ballroom Dance Team at UCSD 

Co-op Communique Cheerleading at UCSD 
DQ at UCSD Cricket Club 
East West Horizons Floor Hockey Club 
Ecologic Gym Club Gymnastics at UCSD 
Good Stuff Rangers Soccer Club of UC 
Graduate Consortium of Ready To Shred Skateboard Club (RTS) 

Creative & Performing Arts Roller Hockey Club at UCSD (RHC) 
Han Min Jok Scuba Club at UCSD 
Jab Snow Ski Club at UCSD (RISC) 
Koala, The Soaring Club at UCSD 
KSDT Program Guide Surf Club 
KSDT Radio Table Tennis Association at UCSD 

~ Tennis Club at UCSD 
- Triton Dance Team 

Universal Fighting Arts Club 
Water Ski Club at UCSD 
Wilderness Club 
Yoga - Sun SalutationslExtrinsic Yoga Club 

Asian Youth Outreach Project (A YOP) 
Cal-A ni mage 
Chess Club of UCSD 
Darkstar 
Envious Friends at UCSD 
FSSIP (Faculty, Student & Staff Interaction Program) 
Gremlins 
Indonesian Sludent Association 
Inter-College Residents' Association (ICRHA) 
Shapeshifter Music 
Society For Creative Anachronism 
Students Tempted By Adventure, Fame, and Fortune 

(STAFF) 
Warren Theatre Guild, The 

SERVICE 
Alpha Phi Omega 
Best Buddies 
Circle K International 
Community Service Commission 
Ensenanza Unida 
Friends of the Associated Students 
Rotaract Club at UCSD 
Volunteer Connection. 

RELIGIOUS \\fM) flJl ~ rru ~ IFe 
Asian American Chr~eIOOi(!!A{J't1 l.!:: Beta 1beta Pi 

PANHELLENIC 
Alpha Chi Omega 
Alpha Omicron Pi 
Chi Omega 

~ifuj]}~'OOc~n~ ©ltiB'o 
Delta Delta Delta 
Delta Gamma 
Kappa Kappa Gamma 
Pan hellenic Association, The 
Pi Beta Phi 
Sigma Kappa 

CO-OPS 
Che Cafe 
Food Co-op 
General Store Co-op 
Groundwork Books 
Organic Farm Co-op 
Recycle Co-op 

~~~~\~CnS~~~en~ec;~(J.j'Uni~tY'Thea '11 ~ n 
Christian Sludents Fe h ~ 
Evangelical FellowsH . ia 0 n 0 
Interpraise 
InterYarsity Christian Fellowship 
Korean American Campus Mission (KCM) 
Korean American Christian Fellowship (KACF) 
Lutheran Community at UCSD 
Muslim Student Association 
Navigators, The 
Sahaja Yoga 
Sojourners Christian Fellowship 

Phi Gamma Delta 
Phi Kappa Theta 
Pi Kappa Phi 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon 
Sigma Alpha Mu 
Sigma Chi 
SigmaNu 
Sigma 1lI#It;...,;t", 

. ,. ""l:::jII ..... 
Sig 

~~ 
Alpha Sigma U'''''''~.. -.....J'_jpII ... """" __ !!II 
Delta Sigma -n._..17 ~ :a 
Kappa Delta 
Lambda Phi E 
Order of Omeg SOAP 

Students for Political Education and Knowledge (SPEAK Out) 
Psi Chi Omega" _ 
Sigma Gamma ' 

.. 

... 

.... 

~ 

2 
C!:l 

~ 
en 

.., 
;-
c: (") 
en 

~ 
~ 
c 
• ., 
e: 
• l:I 

:c 
o 
::I 
::l. 
Cl 

.... < 

o 
~ 
o 
::r t1> 
., 

.~ 
.... (8 

~ 

a: 
~ 
l:I 
Q. 
I» 

~ 
Q 
::r 

~ 
., 

.~ 
.... 

~ 

0-3 
=-~ 
c: 
t"".l 
en 
o 
C"1 
c 
Q; 
., 
Q. 

== 

-c.ro 



16 CALENDAR 

Academic Services 
Monday-Friday 

• 8a.m.-4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .• 8a.m.-3p.m. Fri. 
- The OASIS language Program provides 
assistance to students whose native language 
is not English and to those doing work in 
Japanese. Spanish. French and Vietnamese. A 
diagnostic test on written English is available on 
request. Call 534-2284 for more information. 
Student Center. Bldg. A. 1214. 
.8a.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .• 8a.m.-I2p.m. Fri. 
- Let OASIS Study Management Center help 
you this quarter with time management. notetaking 
and editing. textbook analysis. melnory. flexibleJ 
speed reading. vocabulary development. and GREI 
LSATIMCAT verbal comprehension. Stop by York 

I Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to sel up a personal 
cIppointmenl. Also. stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshops and the 
GRE Weekend Specials. 
.8a.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .• aa.m.-I2p.m. Fri. 
- The OASIS SCho ..... • Writing WorUhop 
provides free individual and group conferences to 
assist students with writing projects. SWW also 
offers free word processing f~litie8 and computer 
assistance. Stop by York Hall 14070 or call 534-
7344 10 schedule an appointment. 
• 8a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center 
is a free service for all UCSD students. We offer 
one to one writing conferences for any type of 
writing project-academic papers. personal 
statements. even stories and poel'lls. Our staff of 
trained undergraduates. who come from a variety 
of academic disciplines. can help you become a 
more effective writer. Call 534-2284 to make an 
appointment or drop by our office in the old Student 
Center. Building A. room 214. 

Monday. Oct. 4 
.11 -11 :5Op.m. -lecturelNo .... klng- OASIS-
Study Management Center. York Hall-401 O. Free. 
Preregistration is recommended. 

Thursday, Oct. 7 
.11 -11 :5Op.m.-lectwelNotetaklng- OASIS-
Study Management Center. York Hall-401 O. Free. 
Preregistration is recommended. 

Lectures 
Tuesday. Oct. 5 

• 12p.m. - "Renegotiating Cultural Politics 
and Power" - Gerardo Mosquera. Advisory 
Council. Casa de Africa Havana. Cuba. lilerature 

Bld9H~~t~4t~~d fitness 
Monday-Friday 

• - How fit are you? You can find out by getting 
a FREE fitness evaluation at FITSTOP. Come by 

, ',"'. Student Health Center. 2nd floor and make 
your appointment today. 

Monday-Thursday 
• 2p.m. Mon .• 10a.m & Ip.m. Tues .• lla,m. & 
1 p.m. Wed .• 10a.m. & 1 p.m. Thurs. - Protect 
yourselfl Attend a Women'a Sexual Haalth 
Information Session and learn about birth control. 
sexually transmitted diseases. and more. 2nd 
floor of Student Health Services in the Health 
Education room. 
. Ckbs Sld Meetnp 

Monday, Oct. 4 
• 7p.m. - Leablen Gay BI .. xutll AMOClatlon 
- General business meeting. Come out and get 
involved. Women's Resource Center. (weekly) 

Tuesday. Oct. 5 
.6p.m.-7p.m.- Friends Understanding Needs 
- Organizational meeting in the Berkeley Room 
at Price Center. Volunteer to provide friendship. 
mentoring. and guidance for a local schoolchild . 
Come and make a difference. 
• 6p.m. - Interested in pursuing a career in the 
environment or in getting involved with on and off 
campus environmental concerns? Come to the 
Student Environmental Action Coalltlon's 
weekly meetings. Located in old Siudent Center 
above Soft Reserves. (weekly) 
• 7:30p.m. - Cat-Anlmage Beta Chapter. the 
UCSO Japanese Animation club. will host its 
second showing of the year in Solis Hall I 07. 
• 7p.m. - Rotaract Club - A local and 
international community service club. This is our 
liI'st meeting of the year. Come lind out what we 
are about and help us plan for a fun and rewarding 
year. International Center Conference Room. 

Hfednesday, Oct. 6 
.4-Sp.m. - Come one. come all and be a part of 
SA TCH (Student. Active To_rda Community 
Halihh). Stop by and learn about the many projects 
available for your to participate In. Meet other 
undergrads interested in community health. All 
are welcome. 
• 5:30p,m, - National Wom.n·, Studl •• 
r 7:1ferenc:e - Organizational meeting. Meet at 
UI. Bldg. rm. 3155. 
• 6:30p.m. - The UCSD Cycling TMm wants 
youl Even if you've never raced your bike. the 
Cycling Team has a place for youl Both men and 
women cyclists of all abilities are invited to this 
informative meeting In Warren Lecture Hall 2204_ 
• 9p.m. - HardcO,. Student Film Club - All 
majors and levels of experience Invited. Meetings 
are In tha Media Center (MeC) studios. 

Friday. Ocf. S 
• 6:30p.m, -Intem.uonal Club is having a 
bonfire at La JoIa Shores. Meet at the Intemational 
Center if you need or can give a ride there. We'lI 
eat SMORES and other snacks, but please bring 
your own drink" . Try to arrange your own car 

rv8nts end Recreation 
MondIly-saturrJ.y 
.W~tcMnotthe UCSDcampusOOnducted 
wI- Student Outreach and Recruitment OffIce 

The UCSD Guardian 

(SOAR) are now available at 11:00 AM Monday 
through Saturday. The 9O-minute tour. conducted 
by a student guide. is designed to give visitors a 
taste of the academic and socialliavor of UCSO's 
undergraduate colleges. Immediately following 
the tour. at app. 12:30 PM. prospective students 
are Invited to attend a general information seSSion 
conducted by a SOAR outreach officer. The one-
hour presentation reviews the differences among 
UCSO's five colleges. while also covering 
admission requirements and support services for 
students. Reservations are encouraged by calling 
534-1935_ Visitors should meet outside the SOAR 
office. located on the upper level of the Student 
Center. Building "B." 

Hfednesday. Oct. 6 
• 7p.m. - Hlp Hop Radio Station Orientation 
-Leam about news. music talk shows, production. 
OJ-ing and much more. Student Center. north 
conference room. 

Thursday. Oct. 7 
• 8p.m. - Kronos Quartet - The string quartet 
that has established itself performing new works 
by contemporary composers from around the 
globe-with spillovers into familiar popular 
melodies-will perform in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. S181general admission. $16Jseniors. 
$14/students. 

Friday. Oct. S 
.1 Oa.m.-3p.m. - Fall F .. tlYal on the G .... n at 
the Sun God Lawn - Don·t miss this opportunity 
to meet many of the more than 250 student 
organizations at UCSD and come explore our 
vendor preview day. There will be performances. 
food booths. music. and more. 

Sunday. Oct. 10 
• - F .... tours of UCSD are offered every 
Sunday this fall and winter by the UCSD Visitors 
. Program. Mini-Van tours are available the first and 
third Sundays of each month. starting at 3:00 PM 
from the Gilman Information Pavilion. Walking 
tours are offered on alternative Sundays. also 
starting at 3:00 PM from the Gilman Pavilion. A 
portion of the famed Stuart Collection of outdoor 
sculpture is Included. Although the tour is free. 
there Is a minimal UCSD parking fee. Reservations 
are necessary and may be made by caAlng 534-
4414. 

Career Services 
Monday-Friday 

• 1 :30-4p_m. - Orop-ln Adv'-lng Hours - For 
help with career goals. job hunting. resume 
preparation or exploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment needed. 
Just walk in. 
.-MENTOR -Graduatlngthlaquarterandjob-
seeking? We'll match you with a professional In 
your field Who will get you started networking in the 
local job markel. SIgn up at Career ServIces 
.-SlGl+-Computer-oased program of career 
information designed 10 help you clarify your .... 
valuet. and inter ..... For more info. oome to the 

Career Services Center. 
Monday. Oct. 4 

• 1:3Op.m.-MarketableReaume-Leamhow 
to make a positive impression with your resume. 
Career Center. 

Tuesday,Oct. S 
• 11 :30a.m. -Interviewing Skills Workshop 
- learn techniques required to be successful in 
the interview process. Career Center. 
• 3p.m. - G ... duate School Info. Session -
How to prepare and apply for Ph. O. and academic 

masters programs. Career Center. 
• 7p.m. - lesdershlp Seminar: Effective 
Publicity - This interactive seminar will present 
ways to promote your event. meeting . or 
organization through a marketing perspective. 
Participants will be able to develop a skeletal 
promotional plan during the session. 

VVednesda~ Oct. 6 
.1 :30 p.m. - Job Search 101- 80% of all job 
vacancies are unadvertised. This workshop will 
teach you the most effective way to find them. 
Career Center. 
• 3p.m. - How to Interview for Medical or 
Other Heahh Professional School - What to 
expect in an interview and how to prepare for it. 
Career Center. 

Thursday. Oct. 7 
• 9-11 :30a.m. - GradlProf, School P .... onal 
SUltament Crttlque - Drop in for this service. 
Career Center. 
• 11 a.m. - OrIentation to Teacher Education 
-Interested in teaching? Find out about education 
programs and the credential process. Career 
Center. 
• 12p.m. - Pre-Mad. Discuaalon Group -
Pre-meds for 1994 admission meet and share 
ideas and concerns. Career Services 
Center. (weekly) 

Friday. Oct, S 
• 10:30a.m. - Marketab" Reaume - Leam 
how to make a positive impression with your 
resume. Career Center. 
• t1 :30a.m. - Veterinary Medicine - Info 
..",Ion for students Interested In vet medicine 
with a presentation by a UC Davis representation. 
career Center. 
• 12p.m. - Dental School: What 1994 
Applicants Need to Know - Admissions 
procedures. application strategies. school 
selection. Career Center. 
.1-3p. m. - On Camera - Practice interviewing 
for graduatetprofessional school admission, See 
yourself on video in mock interview. practice and 
get feedback. Career Center. 
• 1 :30-4p.m. - GredlProt, School Penonal 
S18Iement CrItIque - Drop In for this service. 
Career Center. 

Support Groups 
Monday. Oct. 4 

..-S:3Op.m.-~ Growth Group 
- led by EquJIti Luke and paychoJoglcal int.m. 

Monday, October 4,1993 

Call 534-3585 before coming. 2126 HSS. 
Tuesday, Oct. 5 

• 4-5:30p.m. - Women of the African Dlaspo ... 
-ledby Equilla luke, 534-3585. 2126 HSS. 

Hfedn9sday, Oct. 6 
.9-11a.m.-GraduateWomen·sSupportGroup 
- led by Reina Juarez and psychological intern. 
2126 HSS. Call Reina at 534-3875 before coming. 
• 2-3:30p.m. - Adult Children of Divorce -
Led by Mary McNaughton and Ron Lane. Call 
Ron. 534-0250 for information. 1003 GH. 
• 2-4p. m. - Women Molested as Ch lid ren -
Led by Equilla Luke and Nancy Wahlig . Call 534-
3585 for preliminary appointment. 1003 GH. 
• 7p.m. -Open Dialogue for Gay and BI .. xual 
Men - Come discuss issues and find support. 
WRC. Sponsored by LGBA. 

Friday, Oct. 8 
• 2-4p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Group - Led by Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Call for 
appointment. Revelle Provost Bldg . 
• 4-6p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Led by 
Phil R1IPhael. 534-0252. Mountain View Lounge. 

Religious Services 
Tuesday, Oct. 5 

.12-1p.m. -BlbleStudy-lTiml . Price Center. 
Santa Barbara Room. 
• 5p.m. - Join the Catholic Community by 
celebrating Maa. at the University Lutheran 
Church. across the street from Revelle College. 
(weekly) 

Hf9dn9sday. Ckt. 6 
• Sp.m. - Supper for Students Sponsored by 
lutheran Campus Ministry - All are welcome. 
S2.00donation. University Lutheran Church. 9595 
La Jolla Shores Drive. 
• 7p.m. - Bible Study on "Galatians" -Led by 
Lutheran Campus Pastor John Huber at University 
Lutheran Church, across the street from Revelle 
College. 
• 9:30p.m. - End your day with the reflective 
UCSD Catholic Community celebration of MaIS 
at the University lutheran Church. across the 
street from Revelle College. (weekly) 

Thursday. Oct. 7 
• Sp.m. - Join the Catholic Community by 
celebrating Ma.s at the University Lutheran 
Church. across the strf'et from Revelle College. 
(weekJy) 
.Sp. m.-Cathollc Community Thursday Night 
Dinner - Only $21 Located in the Catholic lounge 
at the University Lutheran Church. across the 
street from Revelle College. (weekly) 

Sunday. Oct. 10 
.-Cathollc ..... - University Lutheran Church 
at 8:15a.m .• Sp.If1 .• 7p.m .• and 9p.m. 
.10:15a.m.-lutheran WorlhlpServfce-AA 
_Ieome. University lutheran Church. across the 
street from Revelle College. 
.11 :30a.m. - Slghtaeelng tour of San Dlago. 
All welcome. Meet at University Lutheran Church. 
across the streel from Revelle College. 

Monday, October 4, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPOIlTS l7 

Women's Soccer Declaws Chapman M. SOCCER: Ties Chapman 2-2 
Contlnued from page 24 
pass to pull UCSD even. 

ay .... w .... 
Senior Statr Wl1ter 

The hard-to-believe season of the 
UCSD women's soccer team contin-

ued in grand fash-
ion yesterday when 
the Tritons pulled 
out yet anotherlasl-
minute victory, I-
o over Division m 
rival Chapman 
College. 

The Tritons are 
now 6-0-1 on the 

season, and their b'ailto success has 
been just as exciting as their unde-
feated record. 

San Diego, which has had five of 
the seven games go into overtime, got 
Head Coach Brian McManus his 
100th career victory in much the same 
way it has captured its other five wins 
this year. 

UCSD's problem this season 
hasn't been in generating an offense, 
but in finishing off its opportunities_ 

Again, the Tritons were in control 
the entire game, allowing the Pan-
thers only one shot on goal while 
continually assaulting Chapman 
goalie Tessa Christensen. 

The TritOO'l' Diana Muchowski 
actually found the baclc of the net in 
the ftrSt half when she headed the ball 

past Christensen from 12 yards out. 
Unfortunately, Muchowski was 
caught offsides. 

The second half saw an even more 
dominating perfonnance. Tritons ' 
Brandie Hayungs and Jennifer Ewert 
both launched picture-perfect crosses 
to teammates who were mere inches 
away from converting. but the ball 
wasn't bouncing UCSO's way. 

Finally, with 2:06 left and every-
one in the stadium expecting yel an-
other overtime, Katie l..arIcin took a 
pass from Muchowski on the left side-
line, Larlcintumed inside and launched 
a left-footed shot from 30 yards out 
that bounced straight to Ouistensen. 

CATholic MEN, 
PONdERiNG 

YOUR FUTURE? 

11le ball was high. and as Christensen 
reached over her head to pull it down. 
it slipped out and fell behind the baffled 
keeper. Triton Daphne Farnum was 
right there and Christensen turned 
around just in time 10 see Farnum put 
in the game winner. 

"Usually [Larkinl kid::sthemdeep 
and since Carin [Pug~l went to Ihe 
fron! post, I wen! 10 the back." Farnum 
said of her score. 

" We played very well. We prob-
ably should have won 6-0. but we ' lI 
take it." McManus said. "After all the 
frustration trying to score. one of these 
days the flood gates will open and 
we'll win 7-0." . 

Later in the fir~t hulf. Madden 
found himself out of po,ition on a 
Panther free kick. and Chapman took 
full advantage. Erick HUl1al1e headed 
the airborne cross p(lstlhe befuddled 
UCSD keeper. giv ing Ihe Panthers a 
2-1 lead. 

In the w:IOing minutes of the sec-
ond half. Romey once again found the 
net at 72:58. sending' UCSD (8-2- 1) 
to it Ihird overtime affair of the year, 

Although the Tritons failed to win 
their ninth game, Head Coach Derek 
Annstrong said he was sat isfied with 
the result. 

AUGUSTiNiAN PRiESTS ANd BROTf.tERS 
SERVE iN PARisf.tES, Scf.tools ANd 

SociAl WORk 
MONDAY 
MONDAY 

NIGIIT 
FOOTBALL 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
from 3 pm~lose_ 
52 pints OD our 

BrewMuter Specials 
&om 7 pm-dose 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew for $5 

($3 with UCSD ID) 
Refills $Z each Be every week 

from 7 pm-close VOCATiON RETREAT 
NOVEMbER 1 2 '" 14 

52 pints aU night 
5~ dogs durin8 the game 

~~~~~~~--~i 

Contact Fr. Jim 235-0247 for more information 
1.-_____________ (]~.J!:~~......: .... ~ __ ~~ ____ ..__.J:..I ... 

Scielltifically SHARP, 

EL-506G fI •• ~i::lII~\I~j!._:I ••• ;.:::~. Direct 
Algebraic Logic to simplify entries of equations. 276 functions 
• 2-variable statistic with 6 types of regression. Complex 
number calculations 

EL-S09G 111l~~I~'::B_t:_.tqiU! • Direct Algebraic 
Logic to simplify entries of equations .152 functions. Single 
variablc statistics. Fraction calculations 

EL-S20D 11#.iIf:ft.i!I!:I;.~Ul.&§·::lil"_ff::I. 168 Func-
tions. Polar and time conversions. Fraction calculators. 
Single variable statistics 

EL-S12H 1::lt~t~m;'IlI"'I~r:g~I.~l:;il. 173 func-
tions. Stores 4 ~rograms and up to 256 steps. 13 permanent 
memories. Hexadecimal, octal, binary, and time calculations 

SHARP. 
FROM SHARP MNJ5 

COME SHARP PRODUCTS-

l ( .... 1) \lflfl"~I(lIl' \1 I :: t.; ....,.11. III '. 
I 1,,1',,11"" ( "IJI1I"1 -,; I l'L~H 

JOIN 
FRIENDS 

UNDERSTANDING 
NEEDS 

in providing mentors 
to 5th and 6th grade students 

in the San Diego School District 

Informational Meeting will be held 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5th 
6TO 7 PM 

at the Berkeley Room, 
2nd floor of the Price Center 
Call 534-1414 for more infp 

Help to Make a Difference in a Life 



18 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 4, 1993 

Finally ... 
FAST Help 
With Your 

Student Loan 
) -Fast 

-local 
We dare other lenders to beat 
us! If you need special help, 
we aren't a vague voice in 
New York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help. 

Free Credit Union Membership 
for Student Loan Applicants! 

We waive your membership fee and you enjoy 
outstanding financial services from any of 22 countywide 

branch locations. Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

I", ~n FedernI Credit Union 
... \.... SEAVlNGTHEEOUCATIONALCOMMUNlTY® 

Mission Feder:ll is I $560 mill ion credil union which ha.~ served lhe educalional communily 
of San Diego Caunly for more loon a quaner cenlury. Riles. lerms. condilions. and services subjecl lo change. 9/93 

/ 
I ' ' . \ 

"LAW REVIEW' - -~ 
LSAT PREP COURSE 
~ Learn how to master Analytical Reasoning and 

Logical Reasoning 
~ Individualized Instruction 

~ Expert assistance with LSAT Essay Question from the author 
·of two law review articles and Lead Articles Editor of San 
Diego Law Review 
~ Advice on applying to law schools-maximize your chances 

of being admitted to the school of your choice 
~ Tips on studying in law school-what it takes to make Law 

Review 
~ Courses held at the University of San Diego School of Law 

Hurry! Class Is forming now for the December LSAT. 
Course dates: Tuesdays & Thursdays, 6:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m. 

(October 19tb-Io,elllber 30th) 
For more information write or call: 
Law Review LSAT Prep Course 
1075 Tourmaline St. 
San Diego, CA 92109 
(619)272-4238 

Donlt pay $600-$1800 for other prep courses. 
You are only paying for their overhead. "Law Review" LSAT Prep Course offers 

you the lowest price because of low overhead. All you pay for is the expert, 
personalized instruction you need to maximize your score on the LSAT. 

Meat till 11IIIrUcw: frIIk IIIttIII 
• Scored in top 10% on LSAT. Law review member, San Diego Law Review • Author of two I~w 
review articles: "An Examination of the Current Status of Rating Agencies," Son Diego Law Review 
(1993'; and "The Federal Sentencing Cuidelines for Organiutions: Effects on SentencinQ iIld 
Implications for Imposition on Vicarious Liability," Journal of Legal Studies, (1993,. 

t rock'ri roll Andyoutho~ 
was tlie o~~ g a CD p~­

could adO to your room 
er 

IlIleraclil'f! programs all CD-ROM 
COLlfr wery subjecl/rom polilics 10/)b),sioloK)l. 
Alld Ihey incorporllte soulld, IIl1imaliOll , mUJ'ic ~ _ 

alld 1m dIps. So ordilla~v 10Pics become - ______ 
lIIore excilil/g, illl l()I11ng lind reletlfJlll. -

Bemllse a silllile CD-HOM disc slores more 
ill/Orl/{(IliOIl l/xlll 500 jlO(!{IJ' {flsk.!, Jl()u'II ix'Ilb/I' lo 

1/1S1i1ll1(I' access ell~l'c1opedU/s. dlcl/OII{mes IIl1d 
e.rlensi/le {lillilbases - (l1I /l'ilb lbe dick 0/ (I mOilSI'. 

CD ROJI leclJlloiogy bri/I/Is moll lIetl ' 
CII/klblillies 10 Ibe desklop. Which lS.wl~l: SOOIl. 

//lore alld //lore compulers 1/'111 mcilldl! a O)·HOM 
dri/'I!. BII)' Olle, lind }(Jure I/lakillli al/ 

IIII'es/menllbril 1/'111 klSl )(Ju well ill/o /be/li/llre. 

Bring }fJur papers, projeds and presenIotions to 
______ life by incorporating pbo/os, dip arl and a buge wrlety 

________ of type/Ollis- ali awilabieon CD·ROM. 

1011 slill wall/ rock 'II ' roll? Plug ill a pair of 
./ selfpowered spealim' and lbe CD-ROM drive 

,/' plil)~ aud/o CDs too -so YOIl COil worll away, 
_./" while listellillg ro yrmr /avQrite mllSic. 

Buy /be MliclIIlosh Cell Ins ( Ii /lOti', 
and you II also recell'e lbe Cl HOM gijl 

pacJt: 111'0 discs /001 illd,lde (III electronic 
encyclopedia. a didio/ulr)\ ilileradiLIf 
rock ,lj(/eos, mllSic for ),ollr audio CD 

player alld more (worlh $327'). 
Apple Macilllosh Ce/uris ,. 6/0 

B/2?IJ wilh CD· ROM, Madlllosh Color 
Display and Apple Extended Keyboard II 

CD-ROM technology puts a world of information at your finger- our CD gift pack. Visit your Apple Campus Reseller today. While you're 
tips, and enables you to work with sound, video and animation. Buy there, ask about financing with the Apple Computer Loan~ And J. 

" . the Macintosh Centris'" 610 with CD-ROM drive, and you'll also receive discover the power of Macintosh~ The power to be your best~ • 

~"!:yCK-TO-SCHOOL APPLE PRICES END OCTOBER 15! 
''oW UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534 ... 4291 

LJLSD 
(H)()K5TOfl[ 

" 

Monday, October 4,1993 

·V-BAII.: UCSD 
takes game three, but 
loses in four to UCR 
ContInued from .... 24 
climbed to an 11-8 lead. 

Dannevik took a quick timeout to 
pump up his squad. Sparked by the 
brilliant blocking and enthusiasm of 
freshman Rose Vilt, the Tritons rose 
to the challenge. UCSD brought the 
crowd to their feetby stealing four 
spirited points to control a 12-11 lead. 

However, unforced errors and 
Riverside's grace under pressure 
ended UCSD's upset hopes. 

Tied at 13-13, Highlander Head 
Coach Sue Gozansky called a timeout 
of her own. When play resumed, the 
Highlanders sided out and UCSD 
blocked another Close screaming 
spike directly out of bounds, giving 
UCR the one-point advantage. A Riv-
erside ace won the game, 15-13. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Undaunted, the Tritons roared past 
the Highlanders in game three. 
Dannevik. cenainly not the mosl stoic 

Laura Kranz (12' and freshmen Rose VItt (15) dive for a UCR kill as 
ElIzabeth YesanoYlc (11) reacles henIeIf for the set last Friday. 

of coaches. burned an early timeout landers' blocking defense, seven re-
with UCSD down 4-1. The ploy suited in kills. UCSD never looked 
worlced. back in the 15-10 win. 

Former GIIQ/'dian Athlete-of-the- To the Highlanders' credit. game 
Week Julie Harvey, Elizabeth four was a rout fromthestart.River-
VesanovicandVitt, ==========side held its poise 
who wasn't sup- and asserted author-

The 5ccIftIboInI posedtosuitupdue it yearly on, digging 
10 illness, led San almost everything 
Diego's late surge. the Tritons sent 
Outstanding middle their way. 
blocking and strong Closeandtearn-
spike coverage ended Riverside's 
hopes of a three-game sweep. 

"We st~ped trying to hit around 
Riverside's block. Instead we started 
hitting III their block." Dannevik said. 

mate Shari Simpson, who had II kills 
on the night, rocket-launched spikes 
to just about every area on the court. 
The result was a 15-2 bombing and 
the wiMing of the match. 

Dannevik said. "We had some great 
comebacks in games one and two, but 
if this tearn aspires to be national 
contenders. we have to know when to 
go for things." 

Close crunched 19 kills. dug 17 
balls and nailed two service aces for 
Riverside. She finished the night with 
an eye-boggling .428 kill percentage. 

Christi Karsten dished out a total 
of 48 assists for the Highlanders. 

Vesanovic led the Tritons with 15 
kills followed by Harvey's 10. Amy 
Crotty had 38 assists. 

SPOUTS 19 

A message of love, farth and spirit 
to all climbers of life IS awesome peaks ... 
A new sound of 

classical piano 
and 

Michael Bejarano 
MOUNTAINS 

THE MUSIC OF MICHAEL BARRON IN HIS DEBUT ALBUM 

ON SALE AT ASSORTED VINYL AND TOWER RECORDS 

• l 

r- - Calcli 1.1 iii; - , 
: Action on Mond,.,: 
I Night FootIIall I 

And enjoy our delicious seafood I appetizers & drink specials I 
I Buy One Gel One Free! I 
I Bring in this coupon and buy one fish loco and we will I give you the second fish taco for freel 

: ~ ~: 
Out of the nine spikes III the High- "We were our own worst enemy," 

"Riverside played real well," ad-
mitted Dannevik. "We need to play 
better competition, that's why we play 
UC Riverside." 

I La ..... VIa. Dr. II R",lfs Rei. 4S1-S008 I 
I Ohr good My during /WxwJoy Night Fcdboll at Anthony',lo Jolla, expir .. 12/27/93 I a- _________ ~~ 

HP95LX 
Palll1top PC 
-with 5~~ 
Lotus® 
1-2-3® 

PC power 
ill tl'~ palm of yo"r "aml 
BUilt-in: 

• Lotus ')-2-3 Release 2.2 
.Complete set of organizer tools 
• HP financial calculator 
• Data communications 
;. Plug-in card slot 
.5l2K RAM 

Link to your PC with the optional Connectivity Pack 
Allw.ty"IM. 1',,"'C.'~r'" .lnd · ..... , , 1 ..... Me n0' ind ... tctt 
ill the III' 9'11 X, I.utus .luJ 1·2 J iUC V S. h"tboh',,:J 
,,.,tt',,,.-.ks Anti "lIw.YI iii I U.S ""llc", ... of 1,,'u5 

I)evelupm~nt C"'ru ••• iun . 

rl,~ HEWLETT 
a:~ PACKARD 

LJI SI I 
f\( )(I~'~r()f"l ~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 

ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 
OPEN: MON - FRI BAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

A new team is coming to campus ... the 
U 

c 

5 
D 

• Work with other UCSD students! 
• Guaranteed $6/hr. + bonuses available! 
• Fun and professional environment! 
• Talk to tJCSD alumni, parents and friends! 
• Work Aexible hours! 
• Great experience for your resume! 

.. If you'd like to learn more about the program cOlT)e to 
INFO NIGHT 

Wednesday, October 6th; 7 pm 
or Tuesday, October 12th, 7 pm 

located at 711 University Center, 2nd floor 
{above Outback Adventures} 

or call 535-1433 

.. 

~ ______________________________________ ~'l 



'0. 20 CLASSIF.IEDS 

I I 

\ \ \.)( \( : E'IF\T~ 
UCSD RaCAueIball. Just show up and play I 
Meets every week Friday (3-6p.m_). 
Saturday (1D-12a.m_), Monday (8-1Op.m.). 
Canyoolliew court. (9127-1014,10111) 
Which is greatar, the federal deficit, Ross 
Perot's ego, or your outstanding student 
loan? Leam1he ~r at the DC internship 
Forum, Thursday, Oct_ 7, 2:30-4p.m_, 
Career Services Center. (1 014) 

MAKE FILM with Hardoore Student Films. 
All majors invited. Wednesdays, 9p.m. 
Media Center studios. (1014) 
AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE Is looking for 
l olunteers. Come out and help us in 
contacting local businesses and learn 
various commurlcation skiHs. No e~perienoe 
naoessary. PC 2nd floor. (1014-1017) 
AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE is now OPEN. 
Come on by and see if we have an internship 
that interests you. If not, we'll help you 
develop your own. PC 2nd floor. (10/4-1017) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .... _ .. ... __ .. 450-3323 
Fairmair's ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale .. _ ...... _ .. _ ...... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS. DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ................. _ .. 455-0662 
Domino's _ .. .. ......... _ .... ___ 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt _ 452-0524 
La Jolla Brewery .......... 456-BREW 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ...... _ .. _ ...... _ .. 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Raben's .... _ .. _ ........ ........ 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash _587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455·1120 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
( . Young Aniludes _ .......... 457-3334 

Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
We Care Hair .............. _ 587-CUn 

UCSD HEALTH a mNESS 
Alhlete Cyciery .. _ .. __ .. _ ... 2n·8255 
Dr. Becker, Chiro . ........ 452-2882 
Being Fit _ .. __ ........ ......... _ 483-9294 
Binhright. ............ (8oo)484-LOVE 
Family Planning _ .......... 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .......... .... _ .... 455-0909 
Dr. Sanford, DDS .... _ .... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ......... ...... 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla .. _ .... ,,_ 597-2020 
Vision Care .................. 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
CD Sounds _ .................. 578·3472 
Music Trader ...... _ .. _ ...... 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .......... " .......... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy .... __ ..... " .. _ .. 457-1007 

UCSDTESnNG 
\.1 Hyper1earning ............... 455.1000 

MCAT Review ........ " .... 456-4848 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... _ 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ... ....... 274-ALES 
Characte(s (WMarrioft) ...... 587-1414 
VoUeybar & Grill " "_" __ ,, 270-7860 

UCSD ETC, 
SI. Germain's .............. _ 455-1414 
Mission Fed. Credit Unlon .... 546-2035 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Octobet· 4, 1993 

CLASSIFIEDS 
486-4OMhz VESA LB w/256k cache $288. 
IBM 486SLC2-66Mhz w/l6k internal cache 
$335_ Conner 250MB w/ 64k $235. Multi 
IDE oontroller $24. All new & under warranty _ 
Call Pat 587-4912. (10/4-1017) 

'91 Integra LS. air condition, sun-roof, power 
windows, white. no scratches. $9200. Call 
(619) 458-9274. (1014-1017) 

Classified advertising is sold in J 5-wom increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personnl use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (11'Ulde payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,rn. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m Monday for Thursdays issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advenising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more info171Ultion 
call534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds. 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

. HKS performance e~haust system for 90-
91 Integras. Stainless steel muHler and 
pipes, $220. (619) 458-9274. (10/4-1017) 

1972 VW Bug, new engine, pair'lt. runs 
great. $2200, need $, 259-0397, pager 
493-1745. (10/4-10/14) 

1 MYSTO Surfboard . 6'6", custom 
made. Brand new. Call Jud 622-0945. 
(1 0/4 - 1 0/ 11 ) 

Couch and 10veseal1or sale (can be bought 
separately). Good ccndition. Call Debra 
259-1902. (10/4-1017) 

Free Muslcl KSDT new membarorlentation 
meeting Wednesday Oct.6 at 7p.m. North 
Conference Room. (10/4-1 017) 

E\IPIJn \IE\T 
Perfect student job. Easy, flexible, earn 
$10+ hr. 1-800-246-3991. (9130-10/4) 

Earn cash stulfingenveiopes at home. Send 
SASE to P.O. Box 395, Olathe, KS 66051 . 
(9121 -1017) 

Become a Being-Fit certified aerobics 
instructor in just 6 weeks. $100. Call Danny 
544-8332. (9127-10/11) 

Peer Counselor position available w~h the 
Lesbian , Gay, end Bisexual Peer 
Counseling Program. Undergraduate and 
graduale students invited to apply. See job 
117608HU at Career Services. (9127-1017) 

Part-time delivery drivers needed lor 
monthly Golden Triangle area magazine. 
Must have own car. Flexibleweekdayhours, 
3+ days par month. $6.50lhr.+mKeage. Call 
Yvonne, 233-4060 ext_ 305. (9127-1014) 

Intarested in earning money and gaining 
job experience aI a law office? Local flrm 
has entry level openings. Call T eIejob Of 
see the UCSO Career Center !of mona 
deUIiIs. (9127-1017) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT-Mw 
up to $2,OOO/mo. teaChing basiC 
conversational English abroad_ Japan, 
Taiwan, & S.Korea No previous training 
required. For more information call: (206) 
632-1146 ext. J5976. (9127-10114) 

Early MomingChild Care. 7:15-7:45. Must 
have references and clean driving record. 
Please leave a message anytime587·8765. 
(9130-1014) 

ReoeptionisVdata entry person wanted for 
publishing company. Strong communication 
skills required. MAC e~perience a plus. 
Salary based on qual~icationslexperience . 
Send resume to HSSD, 10606-8 Camino 
Ruiz, Suite 209, San Diego, CA 92126. (91 
30-1014) 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs healthy 
volunteers, ages 18 to 50, for a 2 hour study 
about eye blinking. $10 plus parking will be 
provided, CaU Deb at 453-2314. (9130-101 
18) 

Sales Position. LoIlipops+Rosesresale. Call 
for app. or apply 5-7p.m. Man-Fri . 558-
1696,3979 Govemor Dr. S.D. (9130-10/4) 
Driver needed weekdays at 2:00 PM from 
Del Mar area to downtown San Diego $ 10/ 
hr. 755-1923 (9121 -10/4) 

HS TUTORS NEEDED . SENSE OF 
HUMOR,FLAIRFORTEACHINGAMUST. 
$10.50IHR MINIMUM. 695-0329. PETER. 
(9130 -10111) 

Part-time employment with FREE ROOM 
AND BOARD, salary_ Ught housekeeping 
for 2 seniors in La Jolla home: furnished, 
pool. Must be reliable, trustworthy. genial. 
careful. References. 273-5458. (9130-1014) 

Mother's helper morning and evening, live 
In/out. Responsible, mature. Tuesday-
Saturday. Del Mar 755-0331 . (10/4-1017) 

Retail AudIOr PositIon (HeSler SysIeITls). Part 
trne, 14 hours.oWeek. $7-$ 1 0/h0Is. AucIting 
grocery stores In San Diego Area_ No 
experience realad, automobile r~inId Cal 
(805) 563-2512 for Information. (1014) 

Elementary Mor, English, math, science. 
3lweeks. 759-0744 (H). Aftar 4p.m. 431 -
8284 (0). Contact Mr. or Mrs. Lee. (1014) 

ALASKA EMPLOYMENT-fisheries. Earn 
upto$2,QOO-S4,OOO+lmo. qn fishing vessels 
or In canneries_ Many companies provide 
transportation and room & board. For more 
Information call : 1·206·~5-4155 ext. 
A5976. (1014-1017) 

Postal Jobs Avallablel Many positions. 
GrNI '--"Is. C" 1-800-436-4365 Ext. 
P·3387_ (1014-10125) 

PT AFTER-SCHOOl CHILOCARE, $3001 
mo guaranteed. Two girls 9-12, r.ed carl 
refMWlOlla_ 457-1552. (10/4) 

WANTED: AJgebraITrigonometry tutor fOf 
10th grader, reasonabfe. Solana Beach, 
Tet: 793-04461. (1014) 
WANTED: GRADERS FOR CSE. Pays 
sa.73/hr: 5-15hralwk. Studlents must have 
min. 3.0 GPA and have received an "A" or 
"B" in the course. Applications available In 
AP&M 3230: M-F, 8-4:3Op.m. (1014-10/14) 

FOH ~ \1.1': 
Couch, kitchen table, microwave, stereo, 
futonw/oframe,Blc. Vlnce558-165810am-
llpm. (10/4-10/14) 

LARGE DESK wi matching hutch. Good 
condition. Dark wood finish. $1 oo.tes1 offer. 
550-0190. (9121 -10/4) 

Sears elec. poI1abie typewrher wldisplay 
and cover. Wordi1inecorrection. $120 o.b_o. 
560-9309. (9127-10111) 
Schwinn Woman's 12-speed. Shimano, 
index shifting, quick-releases, accessories, 
$225. Nishiki 21",$150. Lorden, 558-1934. 
(9127-10/4) 

Zoom 9002 guiW eHects processor, $180. 
Boss pedals-turbo distortion, flanger , 
C/1Orus. compressor, noise suppresser, $40 
each. Rich, 550-9088. (9127-10/4) 

Futonilrame $100. Papasan $85. Halogen 
lamp $20. FlO manresses $80. Unused. 
Can deliver. 222-4771 . (9127,10128) 

BICYCLE: women's 12 speed Peugeot, 
steel alloy components, like new $70 o.b.o. 
Usa: 587-8939. (9127-1013) 

1985 Honda EHte 150, high mpg, best for 
commuter, everything incfuded, $650, 452-
5805 before 2:30p.m. (9127-1017) 

Oak Dining sat wl1eal and 6 chairs 2mo_ old. 
Sacrifice $700 o.b.o. 456·2972_ (9130-10111) 

2 RT tickets anywhere United flies (US. 
Mexico, Canada, Caribbean) before 12122./ 
93. $500 each o.b.o. 456·2972. (9130-1 017) 

REFRIGERA fOR: Dorm size, just what 
you need for your 'refreshments," $50. 
558-9432. (9130-1014) 
Queen waterbed, oak frllme, semi-
waveless. Paid $500, ask $135 o.b.o. 558-
8899. (9130-1017) 

~ walerbed with frame, air mattress, 
heater, and ahMts. $SOo.b_o. MUST SELLI 
Greg 549-2563. (9130-1017) 

Red Bianct'i mounIain bike kl sell at low, hot 
prfoa. $190. CortacI Flerl6, 453-0557. (9130-
1017) 

Blue 1984 Honda Paaspor1. True beauty_ 
Truetr-.portation. To sefl at $395. Contact 
Ren6, 453-0567. (QI3()-I017) 

8111985 Honda CMc 1500 S. Immaculate, 
sporty, depelldable. 65,000mi. $2,900. No 
rl98IS. Contact Ran! 453-0557. (9130-1017) 

New Mountain Bike . $230. 15sp. 
- Immawlate condition. under warranty. 452-
5952, between 9a.m-9p.m. (10/4-1017) 

TI-81 graphing calculator. In perfect 
oond~ion, wl1h manual. $60 o.b.o. Call 558-
1170_ (10/4-1017) 
Great deal HP-48SX Includes 128K RAM. 
EQ LIB, PC cable, games. $200 o.b.o. 483· 
1238. (10/4-1017) 

IBM compatible notebook: 386SX-25Mhz 
with math coprocessor installed, 4MB RAM, 
120MB harddisk, intarnalfax-modem, VGA 
screen with 32 grays, $1000 o.b.o. Miki 
Urban 88~-0511 , leave message. (1014) 
Tennis racquet for sale. N~w Agassi's 
racquet,STRUNG,$1550_b.o. Need to sell 
fast. Call 558-2308. (10/4) 

FOR SALE: black desk set. 3 piece. $80: 
drahing table, 36"x48", $70: wetsuits. SIM: 
suriboards 5' 11 "-6'1": hiking boofs. Asolo 
all leather 7': $60 each ALL NEGOTIABLE. 
587-8672. (10/4) 

1986 HONDA 450 NIGHTHAWK. Blue. 
5K miles , super nice bike with 
accessories . Great transportation . 
$1100. 471 -2856. (10/4-10/7) 
HP-12C Programmable Financial 
Calculator wI handbook+problem solving 
guide_ NEW. $50 o.b.o. Call 458-1 778 . 
(10/4) 

HONDA85 CRX, 5spd, AlC , blue. 80K. 40-
50mpg, very reliable Iransp. $3500 o.b.o. 
452-2556. (10/4-1017) 

3.5 DSiDD and DS/HD for sale. A125s and 
50s. Details. call Patrick 558-7260, 455-
7790. (10/4-10128) 

Customized computers lor sale. Brand new. 
Cheapll ParlS available. Details -call Patrick 
558-7260,455-7790. (10/4-10/28) 
Seized Cars, trucks, boats, 4wheelers, 
motorhomes, by FBI , IRS, DEA. Available 
your area now. Call 1-800-436·4363 Ext 
C-7556. (10/4-10128) 

MISSION BEACH, 2BD.-2BTH, Furnished, 
344300ean Front Walk, Ocean Views, $950-
$1200,488-13951259-1457. (9121 -10/11) 

AWESOME ROOM AVAILABLE in 1700 
sq. It. condo, donldrive to school when you 
can cross the street and take the East 
parking shuttle, upstairs/downstairs condo 
olfers nice living room area and kitchen, 
plus privacy of clean upstairs room, pool , 
fireplace, washerldryer, private parking. non-

smoke~ please. S420/month + 114 utilities. 
Please call John at 457-9821 . (9121-10/4) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME -UCSD Stalf 
and student discounts . Great easy 
financing. Near UCSD 1 BR$90.0oo's. 
2BR's $120,000'5 +3BR $150,000's. Free 
Info, anytime. ReMax Assoc. Judith Haddo~, 
Realtor 275-2618. (9121 -10/11 ) 

Female roommate wanted to share 
spacious condo one mile from UCSD. $3251 
mo+ 1/3 ulililies. Pool, jacuzzi. and garage 
Included. Call 453-8343. (9127-1017) 

Room for rent. Mira Mesa area. Female 
only. quiet, studious. Large bedroom, private 
bath. Quiet localion, covered parking. 
$300.00 month, all included. $100.00 
deposit. 536-9393 Anne. (9/27-10(7) 

Hyperleaming Classes: Fall 1993 Schedule 
Chem6A rUe and Thur, 6-8 PM 
OChem140A rue and Thur, 8-10 PM 
Physics IA (Lumpkin) rUe and Wed, 8-10 PM 
Physics IA (Smith) Mon, 8-10 PM & Tue, 6-8 PM 

Don ·IS. oSlrn'joct! Physics IC (Renn) Mon'" and Wed, 6-8 PM 
All Tutorials begin on Tuesday, Sept. 28th (except Ie, which starls 10/4) and meet every week of the quarter. 
Top instructors organize and teach the material to you intuitively, then lead you 
through lots of problems (plus: reviews for quizzes and the final). 
We're in Suite 1131 of the La Jolla Village Prof. Center, just across from campus. 
Register by phone or in person. 8 to 24 students per class. $115 per quarter. 
Any UCSD student may attend a free first session (during first three weeks) to check 
out the program; satisfaction is guaranteed. Some classes wait-List, so enroll soon! 

Monday, OctolJer 4, 1993 

550-RENT. FREE apartment _ell 24 
hrslday_ Fastl Easyl1 OOO's apartments_ AI 
areas. CaJl550-RENT. (9127-1017) 

Room b rart. UCSD North Mesa ~ 
~ $268.5OImonth (includes 1AIIities). 
Mustbe~&IUdert. Prelerfamale. Very 
~ kl campus. shopping, bus. Cal 
t.A.y 61&-543-9148. (9.'27-1014) 

3 rooms for rent. Mira Mesa condo. Pool. 
washer-dryer. fully furnished. You fumish 
your room. Own room, share bath. Male! 
Female. $310/month+1/4 utiUtles. Paul or 
Kevin 549-6642. (9127-1014) 

Female roommates needed NOW. 2 rooms 
for rent. $2501$300 plus util"les_ Please 
leave messages. 271-4316. (9127-10/11) 

Part-time employment with FREE ROOM 
AND BOARD, salary. Light housekeeping 
for 2 seniors in La Jolla horne: furnished, 
pool. Must be reliable, trustworthy, genial. 
careful. References. 273-5458. (9130-10/4) 

Roommatewanted -shareroom forS250+1/ 
4 utilities. T ownhome in Genesee Highlands. 
Call Cathy 535-0490. (1014-10111 ) 

Furnished oondo 2 bedroom, 1 .5 bath, pool, 
laundry, petio, garage. University City. $750. 
Call 483-9394. (9130-10/4) 

Mira Mesa House: Professionals preferred. 
Rent master bedroom with bath 
$400+utilitles. Pool, jawzzi, laundry access. 
Comfonable, friendly environment. Call 
Brad 549-3327/Kathy 695·2140 evening. 
Paul (805) 522-1435 anytime. (9130-10/4) 

Roommate wanted to share large 3 
bedroom condo In Del Mar. $375 rent 
Includes own room , washer/dryer. 
dishwasher, backyard. pool. Great placel 
Close to beach and freeway. Prefer dean. 
responslbfe female. 113 utifhies. Daytime: 
Theresa 598·1200 or Kristen 481 -4377. 
Evenings: 481-4377. (9130·1017) 
Room for rent. 5 min walk to campus_ Pool, 
spa, cable, enclosed garage_ Microwave, 
uppar-foweI'ovens, fumlshedsharedareas, 
elCpllnsive ctosats. $442_5 plus utilities. 455-
5691. (10/4-1017) 

Univarsity City - Your own roomlS325.oo 
month+ 1l3ulilities. 5minfrom UCSD_ Near 
shopping, freeways, bus stop. Pool, 
firepface, refrlg., washer/dryar, dishwasher. 
Seeking a responsible non-smoker. 554-
1852. Leave message_ (1 0/4-1 017) 

Room for rart. Mire Mesa area Female only. 
LargebeQ-oom. privatebath. Covered parking. 
$300 mo. Eiedric included. $100 deposit. No 
pets, no smoking. 536-9393 Ann. (9130-1 0111 ) 

Own bedroomlbath for rent. Condo, quiet 
end unh 5 min UCSD. Female only. $425/ 
mo. 558-8975. (10/4-1017) 

La.lola Colony. $375 3 beQ-oom townhouse. 
Private phone and cable. Fireplace, pooI,spa. 
washer and dryer. Maid. Non-smoker and 
financ::ialystable. MaIO mor1hlease. Available 
roN. Cheryl 546-9034. (1014) 

UCSD/Regents Rd - 3bd12.5ba townhouse 
for rent, washer/dryer. $1195/mo. Avail. 
Nov 1. 793-7063. (10/4-1017) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Beautifullarge mastar, acrossfrom Ralph's! 
Friday's. Jawui. pool. etc. In complex. 
Condo has washarldryer. pool table, lots 0 
books. $5OOImo single or $260/mo to share. 
John 452-6269_ (10/4-10/14) 

Own room avail. In furnished townhouse. 
Walk or bike to campus. Responsible non-
smoker. please. $325. 452-8836. Roy. MI 
F. (10/4-1017) 

Need ~ with writing skifls? MCAT? Are you 
a foreig1 student having problems with your 
Engish requirements? Have 'taught these 
dassas at Uniwrsity at Caiifornia and have 
advanced degrees in Engish and Foreign 
languages. My tutorial feeishalfthe going rate. 
Interested 536-9393 Ame. (9121 -1014) 

DISSERTA TfONITHESIS HELP. Editing . 
organization, proofreading . statistics . 
20yrs. experience. Call 24 hours : 265 -
7238 (9/21 -1113) 

La Jolla Barbershop. Quality Barbering. 
Haircuts $8.00. 459-5792. (9/21 -1212) 

Body Image, Bulemia, Compulsive Eatlrr;l, or 
WIIiIt1t 0CJr1Qlf0S? &.wort Group lor Women 
offering pradical, gentle help. $25 par session. 
Diana K. Weiss Ph.D. Ucensed Psychologist. 
Psy#12476. Del Mar 43t-6373. (9121-1014) 

VlOiinIVIOIaLessons. You or yourchikl(ren)can 
leamfrom an experienced, professionaIteacher. 
NoN acx:epting students- aI ages and levels 
weIcomel Cal Conrad 466-0525 (9121 -1212) 

NATIONAL PREMEDICAL ADVISORY 
RESOURCE. Info/advice tailored to your 
situation. Goals TARGETED to give your 
MEDICINE career planning the edge. (313) 
741-4133. Speakwith a physician & prepare 
NOW. Freshman : NEVER too early : 
Seniors: NEVER too late! (9130-10/4) 

'APENNY SAVED IS A PENNY EARNED." 
It makes ·cents " to call LOPEZ 
PHOTOGRAPHY. 282-4443. (9/30-1017) 

CHANGE YOUR ADDRESS with clear. 
call igraphy -style labels . $5 .00/100. 
Stephens, 7040 Ave . Encinas , #104 . 
Carlsbad, CA 92009. (10/4-1017) 

WORD PROCESSING/AUDIO 
TRANSCRIPTION . Professional. 
Personable . Very skilled. Graduate + 
research & book publication background. 
226-8446. (10/4-10/18) 

\\\\TEI) 
VocaJiSVSongwriter lor tight , e~perienced rOCk 
band. Influences: TV violence, cuh leaders. 
Hollywood conspiracy theories. If you like 
performing in IronI of dozens 01 screaming 
fans, call Dan or Eric at 943-1815. (1014) 

Healthy men ages 18 to 45 years old 
are needed to participate in a UCSD 
Medical Center study exam ining the 
effect of sound on the eye blink re flex 
and on brain waves. Compensation 
will be provided : Call 543-2494 fo r 
inlormation. (9/21 -10/21 ) 

Vocalist andlor keyboard 1St sought for 
serious progressive rock band planmng to 
record within months. Influences Include: 
Yes, RUSh, Dream Theater, Police. Shane, 
558-7423. (9/27-10/4) 

Earn $1 00.00. Sublects wanted lor a study 
on alcohol's effects. If you are a Japanese. 
Chinese. or Korean. American-bOrn male. 
cal l Scripps Research Insl 11ute lor more 
informalion. 554-7240. (9/27-1212) 
Models. clothed. experienced or not lor art 
classes & some TV work. Call 284-5095. 
(9/30-1017) 

Drumm er and vocalist to complete 
established band with original material and 
gigs. Call Mike 625-0847. (10/4-1017) 

CHINESE/ENGLISH SPEAKERS who l • 
moved to U.S. alar after age 7. lived in 
U.S. al least 5 years. Earn $25 for 2.5 
hours. For mlormallon call ChriS . 453-
4100. x453 (10/4) 

$10 in 30 minutes. participation In study. 
right handed, lemale . 18 25 y/o, call 633-
3398. (10/4-10/14) 

PEHSOl\ALS 
They scld 3 million dollars worth of bat guano? 
(1014) 

$//'/I(}/,J & .1?()JfJJ 
RESALE BOUTIQUE Ca~ C[]P~J~~o+ STOP THE PAIN NOW! If+. • Women's Clothing , ,. without drugs or surgery! 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• Headaches • Sports injuries 
• Arthritis • Auto aecidents 
• Neck and back pain • Work injuries 

Initial Exam 
& Treatment 

with Ihis ad 

~~..jr Accessories C:.. r-: . Newbom - Age 10 . • Furniture 
. • Toys & Books 

We Buy & Consign 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
3211 Holiday Ct. ("ext to Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 4275 Executive Square, Suite 220 452-2882 ~ 558-1696 • 

3979 Governor Drive M·F 9·6 bp 11 4 93 
SAT 10-1 ",th UCSD ID Dr. Scott J, Ikl'kt:r • (lrtdiul (hiropr.lltil ~port, I'h\'Ili,1fl 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda nYUrlUlif 
Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!. $55) 
1 _ Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2_ Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10_ Check undercarriage for 

damages 3_ Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 
5_ Check and replenish all fluid 

and ail levels 

7. Check brakes 
8. Check dutch 
9. Check lights 

11. Check cooling syslem & hoses 
12. Road tesl 

3S-point Major Service SpeCial $74 * 
Extra for fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1 . Compression test .. . 
2. Valve adjustment , t . AdjUst liming 20. Lube Iront end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. Ad ust dwell angle 21 . C~eck &, replenish all balter ies, il necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket, 13. Adlusl ~rburetor . lIuid & otllevels 29. Rotale Ilres (il needed) 
4. Spark plugs, 14. Ad,ust air & luel ratIO 22. Check eiectncal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. D,stributor points. mixture 23. Check lor loose & lost 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers, 15. A«ljust steering box bo~s 32. Check all holders 
7. Air filler, 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check coolinO ~yslem & 
8. Oillilter. t 7. Adjust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas filler, and t8. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check hghts . 34. Check exhaus'. syslem 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adlust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road lest 

beHs for damages 
NolO: lor 6-cylinde' cars add $20. T OYOla Supra • • add $30. DalSun 200SX with 8 spark plug • . add $35. 

Complete $168* Brake Job $3a* Clutch Job Special (reg'£) 
~ ,N . Front or rear. 

. . e re".ace. 1. Install SPeCIal new pads Brake job includes: 
1. Transmission Input shalt 4. Throwout beaflng or install rear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain old brake lIuid 6. Adlustlront (il drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test - hydraulic system - 7. Aeplaca Iront rotor 
NOli: Hydraulic pans are not COYet'ed Nbllor ~WD Front wheel 
dtWII1Ctra. 

4. Aoilli hydraulic fluid seals (II roto, . turn) 
5. 81eed entire brake system 8. Road tesl 

No'" Hydraulic PO"" at. nol included 
Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 

All our work has a 2-yea, or 20,OOO-mlle limited warranty, 
'molt CI,.. All prices Include parts and labor, 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695-1990 

WIIIIllllsed. Expires 10/1&'93 
can lor aopolOtment. 

T "o', II"~ "lIlj 1f'1I1.11 d'" ,,' I,h r r.'" In.''' f, <1,1\ • 10 ,Irl f, pm Open Saturday . 

UCSD Students and Staff!!! 
A LIMITED NUMBER of TICKETS 

for a speech on the 
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) by • 

u.s. Attorney General 
JANET RENO 

at 1 :00 p.m., Thursday, October 7 

will be available at the 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

at the Price Center starting at 
10:00 a.m., Tomorrow 

October 5, Tuesday 
on a 

First Come 
First Saved Basis!!! 

One seat per 1.0. will be 
reserved in your name, so 

please don't forget your 1.0. 
and don't forget 

to pick up an Info Sheet 
when you register for your seat. 

pns!I1L'd by~ 
InIanaIionIII ReIaIions 81 

Pad&: SIucIes~ SdIooi, 
ASUCSDand the 

lIniYasIIy EYns Oftb 

• 



22 SPORTS 

~~in~~_ 
Teva 

Earth 
Sandals Platforms 

Sport 
Sandals 

Clogs 

Flojos lEVA ON SALE Big Sizes 
Sale ends October 31st 

Over 140 Beach & Lf:ather Sandals 

.t4 SaMtate 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109488-1134 

DR . SELBY, 0 . 0 . 

~ NSALE 
• Any CALVIN KLEIN frame $149 
• Any GUESS frame $99 
• Any DAKOTA SMITH frame $89 

The e collections represent (he finest in design and 
advanced high-tech materials. 

This SALE applies to In stock Irames so come In soon lor best selectIOn 
• • 578 6796 V I SID n I II , II • 6780 Miramar Rd. (Behind Carl's Jr.) 

USE 
LEV S 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES · 60's, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

U' COOL S T UFF FAIRMAI RS 4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH M·SAT. 11·6:30.222·0220 ____ ---' 
1--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? 

Decisions to Make? 
Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ... We Can Help You 

2n S. Rancho Santa Fe Rd. 
SuiteS 

San Marcos. CA 92069 
744-1313 

1 SO-A N. EI Camino Real 
Wiegand Plaza 

Encinitas. CA 9202. 
942-5220 

L 24 Hr Hotline 1-5OO-848·LOVE I 
------------________ -.J 

Are you ... 
, Interested in Community Service? A Former INTERACT 

JOINthe member? A Rotary scholar? Interested in making international friends? 
ROTARACTclub 

ofUCSD for • International Friendships 
• Community Service 

ROTARACT is an international 
• Fun 

organizstion of over 4.000 clubs of 
First Muting young adults sponsored by ROTARY 

international. The goals of flOTARACT Tuesday, October 5, 7 pm 
ere community seMce. ,nternatlonal 
understanding. 8fld professional UCSD International Center 
development. Conference Room 

The UCSD Guardian 

J.J. Simply 'Dyno-mite' 
CROSS COUNI'RY: Men and Women Stonn Stanford 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

II wa a watershed day for UCSD 
cross country when both the men and 
women took flJ'St in Division m com-
petition and swepl most of their Divi-
sion U opponents at the Stanford Invi-
tational on Saturday. 

Highl ighting the perfonnance was 
a stellar showing by J.J. Castner, who 
showed why he is one of the region 's 
top runners. Castner climbed through 
the ranks and caught leader Annondo 
Gonzales (CSULA) wi th only 200 
yards to go in the eight-kilometer 
event. Sprinting to the finish, he took 
first place with a time of 25:36. 

"1.1. was very intelligent in his 
reading of the course. He was fo· 
cused, calm and assen ive," said Head 
Coach Ted Van Arsdale. "He's the 
best runner we've ever had at UCSD ... 

The men's score of 139 not only 

blew away their Division ill oppo-
nents, but also placed third overa ll. 

The women were equal to the task, 
topping Claremont Mudd for Divi- . 
sion HI honors. The ladies finished 
founh overall with a score of 177. 

The women were led by the out-
stand ing improvement of Robyn 
Herskowitz and Hilary Ferreira. Both 
took substantial time off their aver-
ages posted last season. Ferreira was 
the top Triton with a time of 19:07. 

Van Arsdale wa~ pleased with the 
team's ability to leam from last year's 
mistakes and improve upon them. He 

. cited the squad's clo enessas the key 
to its impressive accomplishments. 

"Success is predicated on how Ihey 
sense their loyalty to each other on the 
course, and they cenainly exempli-
fied that on Saturday," Van Arsdale 
said. 'They're looking out for each 
other instead of themselves." 

Monday. Octo!:.'lI" 4. ] 993 

COLUMN: SFwoes 
Continued from page 24 
goes, they cheered Nikila Kruschev 
and booed Willie Mays. 

This is because Young has re-
placed Joe Montana. And let's give 
credit where it's due - Montana is a 
legend, he 's the greatest qU:llierback 
ever ... oh, let 's not give him that 
much credit - he's a brittle old man 
who crumbles into dust if a defensive 
tackle so much as brealhes on him. 
The Raiders proved that well enough 
yesterday. 

But 4ger fans still revere Montana 
and his amazing trick elbow. and they 
constantly compare beloved Joe to 
sad-sack Steve. Local p"per~ run ~ta­
tistical comparisons. Joe's frol1lluwn 
is greener than Steve ' . . Joe drives a 
nicer car. Joe always has a kind word 
and a smile while Steve is cun and 
embittered. 

But no matter what travails San 
Franci~co fans face. at lea~t they can 
always cheer for the Wan·iors. Until 
the team hits a losing ~treak . that is. 

Water Skiers Open Season at Western Regionals 
By Dan Sweeney 
Guardian Reporter 

The first weekend of school is 
usually spent recuperating from the 
first few days of classes. 

Members of the Triton waterski 
team, however, spent their weekend 
in a decidedly different fashion -
Ihey panicipated in the National Col-
legiate Waterski Association West-
em Regional Championships near 
Sacramento. 

The event, which included 12 
teams from the westem United States, 
featured 55 men and 35 women, with 
the top two schools going on to com-
pete in the NCWSA National Cham-
pionships in Elk Grove, California, 
on Oct. 9 and 10. 

UCSD finished in fout1h place 
overall, behind Sacramento State, 
Westem Washington State Univer-
sity and Cal State Chico. 

UCSD Head Coach Bill 

Schneiderwind admitted thatalthough 
he had hoped that the team might 
finish first or second, he was not di . 
appointed. 

"Most of our skiers perfonned near 
their potential," Schneiderwind aid. 
He also noted that the team is rebuild-
ing somewhat after losing three AII-
Conference skiers and an Ali-Ameri-
can to graduation. 

For the women, junior Alison 
Walmsley was the top Triton per-
fonner, fini hing second in her forte. 
the trick event. She placed second in 
the event last year as well. In addition, 
Walmsley finished 10th in the slalom 
event, tied wi th UCSD teammate 
Leisha Battles. 

Battles, who experienced a scary 
wipeout in the slalom, recovered to 
finish a solid sixth in the trick event. 

''It took a lot of guts for [Battles J to 
ski after a fall like that in the slalom," 
noted Schneiderwind. "She's a real 

competitor." 
Overall. the women finished in an 

exceptional third place in the ,Ialom, 
while taking second in the trick even t. 

Jen Stern, a redshirt freshman. led 
the UC San Diego women in the jump 
competition by capturing 10th. and 
the Tritons finished ~ i xth in that cat-
egory. 

Sophomore Bill Berk led the Tri-
ton men to a third-place team tini sh in 
the ream rrick even!. He took fifth 
individually and i~ favored 10 make 
the All-Conference trick team in the 
spring. 

Other strong contributions were 
made by senior Geoff Han·i,. who 
jumped 74 fee t in the men's jump. 
good enough for II th place. David 
Sasse. ended up 16th in the slalom. 

The UCSD waterski team' next 
competition will be Ihis weekend. Oct. 
9 and 10, al the Bob Barton Memorial 
Open at Canyon Lake. 

FOREIGN SERVICE 
Information Session 
* Tuesday, October 5 
* 6:30 - 8:30 p.m. 
* Robinson Complex, Room J 235 

Come learn about student employment 
programs and career opportunities from 
John Shearburn, Foreign Service Officer 

All Eqllu/ Opportllflity Employer 

II 

MUDdilY, Oetober4, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

~D ~ . ___ 
EWSFLASHE 

VP ADMINISTRATIVE FFOG MUSLIM STUDENT 
VP Administrative position Fall Festival on the Green at ASSOCIATION available for the Associated the Sun God Lawn. October 
Students. All interested stu- 8th. lOam - 3pm. Don't miss General meeting on Oct 8 at 
dents are welcome to apply. this opportunity to meet many 4:30 pm in Price Center. Friday 
Pick up an application on the of the more than 250 student Prayer at 12:30 in Price Center 
third floor of the Price Center or organizations at UCSD and Riverside room. 
call 534-4450. Deadline in Oct. come explore our vendor PSYCHOLOGY CLUB 8. preview day. There will be 
PAID POSITION performances, food booths, 

The Pre-Professional Psychol-
~ 

music, and more. Sponsored ogy Association is having their 
The Associated Students needs by the office of Student Organi- first meeting on Monday, Oct. 4 
a posting/distribution person. zations and Leadership Oppor- at 4:00pm in the San Francisco 
This is a PAID position! Applica- tunities. room. Come and see what 
tions available on the third floor we're planning for this quarter 
of the Price Center or call 534- SHOPPING SHUTTLE and hear our mystery speaker. 
4450 for more info. Check out the new Associated PRE-MED CLUB STUDENT ADVOCATE Students Supermarket Shuttle. Club orientation for new memo 
The Associated Students Office Tuesdays-Marshall( 6:30pm), bers and Pre-Med Advisor from 
of the Student Advocate is Muir(7 :00pm), Revelle(7:45pm) career services will speak. 
looking to fill Assistant Advo- Wednesdays-Warren(6:30pm), Wednesday, Oct. 6, 7:00pm. Fifth(7:00pm) cate positions. Interested 

Space is limited so get there York 2722. Call 452-0166 for students should call 534-0476. more information. 
STUDENT REGENT 

earlyl 

RACE UNITY DANCE 
Have a say in how the univer-

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Free admissionl With OJ sity is run, apply to be the new Maximum Sound Productions_ Student Regent. Information An Editor is required for the Friday, Oct. 8, 8pm-12am in 
and applications are available Associated Students publica- the Price Center Ballroom. in the AS offices on the third tions. Great experience. Call Come and celebrate One World, floor of the Price Center; the 534-4450 for more informa- O(le Race, The Human Race . GSA offices in Student Center tion. Sponsored by the Bahal Club. Bldg A; EDNA; the College 

SANGAM ASIAN UCSA WOMENS' Deans' offices; School of 
Medicine, Student Affairs INDIAN CLUB CONFERENCE office; and the Chancellor's 
office. The deadline to apply is BBQ social and sports events. 'E'mpowering to Equality' 
November 5, so get your October 10, 12:30pm. Muir UC Davis , October 15-17. 
application in soon. Field. Lodging and transportation 

CAMPUS-WIDE 
available. Anyone interested 

ASK--AcTIVE can come to the third floor of 
COMMITTEES STUDENTS FOR KIDS 

the Price Center or call Jenner 
at 534-4450. 

Get Involvedl There are 50 Enjoy working with kids? Tutor 
REGISTER TO VOTE campus-wide committees. elementary school kids at local 

Have a vote in the future schools. Applications available Registration table at Price 
direction of UCSD. To learn Friday, Oct. 1. Come to info Center until Oct 4 and forms 
more call 5344450 or pick up night on Oct. 5, 7:00pm. available at EDNA. Remember 
an application on the third floor Second Roor of the Price to re-register if you have a new 
of the Price Center. Center. address. 

HARDCORE STUDENT WARREN THEATRE ARMENIAN ST'UDENT 
FILMS GUILD ASSOCIATION 
Students from all majors and Interested in drama? If so, Welcome Meeting. Tuesday, 
levels of experience are Invited then become a member by October 5 at 6:30pm in Price 
to leam about film through club attending our first meeting of center Gallery A. Join the fun, 
workshops and participating in the year. The Guild's focus is meet other students ~ and find 
larger film productions. First on the different types of per- out about coming eventsl For 
meeting is Wednesday, Oct. 6 fonnlng such as theatre, magic, more Information call 534 
at 9pm in the Media Center singing/music, Juggling, even 4090. 
Studios. fire-eatlng. First meeting: 

PHI ALPHA DELTA Tuesday, Oct. 5, 7pm. Warren 
PHYSICAL THERAPY apt # 3505. Call 6.57-9417 for Membership Meeting. October 

more information. 5 at 7pm in York 2722. 
CLUB INTERNATIONAL CLUB GROVE CAFE 
Come to the first meeting of Come to the International Club Come to the NEW and 1M-the Physical/Occupational Bon Firel We'll eat SMORES PROVED Grove Cafe. Hours: M-Therapy Club and learn about and other foods, but please Th 7:30arn-10:00pm, F 
opportunities in the fieldl Oct bring your own drinks. October 7:30arn-, Sat 9:00am-5:00pm, 5, 5-6 pm. Davis/Riverside 8, 6:30 pm. Meet at Intema- Sun 10:00am~:OOpm. Call Room In the Price Center. Call tiona I center if you need or can 534-5272 for more Informa-571-1313 for more Infamia- give a ride. tion. tlon. 

CWD Political Film 
Series-Fall 1993 

Aguirre, The Wrath of God Oct 8 

~ 
23 

Guilty by SuspiCion Oct 15 
The Mosquito Coast Oct 22 
Sarafina Oct 29 
Haiti: Guantanamo 1&11 Nov 5 
Unfinished Business Nov 12 
Sex & Justice Nov 19 
Rosa Luxemburg Nov 26 
Indochine Dec 3 

FREE 
Fridays at 7:00 pm 

Solis Hall 107 

I 
Are you a photographer? 
Can you draw a layout? 

Want to be a Publicity Director? 
The A.S. Yearbook (formerly the Triton 
Yearbook) is looking for staff to help produce 
its two campus publications, the New 
Student Record and the Senior Yearbook. 

Want business experience? 
Want to earn some money? 

A.S. Yearbook is looking for people 1Nh0 will 
intern for a national ad agency selling ads in 
Yearbook publications. 

Need to pick up a 
New Student Record? 

Come by the Student Leadership Chambers 
on the third floor of the Price Center: 
Sept27,1-4p Sept2B, 4:30-6p Oct 4, '-4p ' / 

Want more info about A.S. Yearbook? 

. : l 
price center theatre 

some 
random 

kid 

6:30 9:00 11:30 

A.S. Newsllashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD_ Student organizations may 
advertise In the A.S. Newsllashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office. third 
floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 



24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

PHILIP 

MIDIJIEI.5 
Crying in the 
City by the Bray 

Sports fan are fickle by na-
I I I lure. When thing are going great, 

the crowd cheers. If not, they boo. 
That' just the way things are. 

UCSD Closed Out By Highlanders 
But then there are San Fran-

cisco fans - a group of sports 
enthu iasts so indecisive that they 
routinely ufferankleinjuriesfrom 
jumping on and off of bandwag-
on . In the Bay area, allegiances 
hift with the direction of the wind, 

and u:; anyone who' ever sat 
through a night game at Candle-
tick Park will tell you, the wind 

shifts quite a lot. 
Take the San Francisco Giants 

- which the Dodgers did yester-
day by a score of 12 to I. I can 
imagine how Giants fans are feel-
ing this morning - miserable, 
Ii tless, gt'nerally irritable - be-
cause they felt that way in Augu t 
after dropping a three-game home 
serie again t the Atlanta Braves. 

With their team still in first 
place by three and a half games, 
many hapless Giants fans were 
talking as if they had already lost 
the division title. Which they ended 
up dQing anyhow, so I guess we 
should at least give them credit for 
their ingenious foresight. 

Allthi must be extremely hard 

VOUEYBALl: UCSD succumbs to 
Division II foe Riverside in four sets 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

Triton women's volleyball fans climbed into UC San 
Diego's main gym bleachers last Friday night actually 
praying for doomsday. But, alas, it was not to be. 

The heavens, Division II's eighth-ranked powerhouse 
UC Riverside Highlander : refused 
to fall, and mountains, stirred, but 
not shaken, failed to crumble into 
the Triton's surging sea. 

It was the Highlanders' rock-
steady composure combined with 
numerous Triton unforced errors that 
led to Riverside's four-game 15-10, 
15-13, 10-15, 15-2 triumph. 

The victory extended UC 
Riverside's winning streak to seven 
games and improved its overall 
record to 11-3. The loss brought the 
Triton' season record to 9-5. 

Despite the lopsided final score, 
San Diego put up a commendable fight in the losing effort. 

UC Riverside jumped out to an early 6-3 advantage in 
the opening game of the match, but the Tritons fought 
back to close the gap to one (9-8). 

Unfortunately, unforced errors, which would plagu~ 
UCSD throughout the night, did in the women warriors 
from La Jolla. 

The Highlanders took advantage of two crucial Triton 
service errors, and Riverside senior outside hitter Michelle 
Close let loose a volley of cannon-like shots down the line 
to capture the flrst game, 15-10. 

"We gave them nine balls that directly led to their 
points," Triton Head Coach Doug Dannevik said. "We 
had way too many unforced errors." 

, on likely MVP Barry Bonds. San 
Francisco fans love capegoats, 
and Bonds and his $43 million 
salary make a rather hefty target. 
Back in June, when the Giants 
were sitting pretty, Barry could do 
no wrong. Fans would sit out in 
left field so that Barry could heal 

J their withered arms and cast out 
their demons. Once, I hear, he fed 
a multilude with only two hot dogs 
and a large Coke. 

Jason Ritchie/GuardIan 
Amy crotty (left) and Krlstl Askeland provide strorc bIockinc defense ",'nIt UCR. 

The Tritons struck frrst in game two, but the Highland-
ers expertly repelled a series of UCSO volley, and 

See V-BALL, Page 19 

But when the Giants began to 
falter, Bond's reputation started 10 
sink like a Billy Swift forkball. 
And when his average tumbled 
from .35010.340, you could hear 
Barry's sainthood being revoked 
all the way 10 the Vatican. No 
doubt in lhe next few weeks, he'll 
be accused of stealing the first-
born children of some perturbed 
Giants fans. 

Tritons hnprove Record To 8-2-1 

Bonds can find a sympathetic 
fellow scapegoat in 4gers quarter-
back Steve Young, a man as be-
loved in San Francisco as the San 
Andreas Fault. While Browns fans 
are treated to the dynamic duo of 
talentless Bernie Kosar and color-
blind Vinny Testaverde, 4ger fans 
mu t suffer with the 1992 MVP as 
their starting quarterback. 

In any other city, Young would 
be treated as a demi-god, but not in 
San Francisco where, the saying 

See COLUMN, Page 22 

MEN'S SOCCER: Chris 
Romey leads UCSD to 
win over Point Lorna, tie 
against Chapman College 
By Aron MIller 
Associate Sports Editor 

Chris Romey, 
the 6'3" 225 pound 
senior who took last 
year off to concen-
trate on academics, 
was again the focus 
of attention this past 
weekend, leading 
the UCSD men's 
soccer team to a 3-1 
win over Point 

Lorna \lf1d a 2-2 tie against Division II 
powerhouse Chapman College. 

In Thursday's Point Lorna game, 
the ball rarely left UCSO's offensive 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

........ _. 
Today at La Verne, 5:00 p.m. 

.......... 

Today vs. Pomon&PItzer at North Reid, 3:30 p.m. 

waR ••• ". Val.,.. 
Tue., Oct. 5 at Pt. Lorna Nazarene, 7:30 p.m. 

half of the field. 
Opportunity continually knocked, 

buttheTritonscouldn'tconvert. While 
Point Lorna's only offensive drive 
resulted in a goal, UCSO could not 
find the net. 

Finally, junior Nick Terlecky de-
cided to take matters into his own 
hands. He beat a Crusader defender 
around the left side and fired a low 
shot into the far post comer to give 
UCSO its first score and tie the con-
.test at one heading to halftime. 

The second half was all Tritons. 
Romey, UCSO's top points leader, 
nailed a free kick and Brent Egusa 
later converted a pass from Robert 
Ripley, giving the home team a com-
fortable 3-1 win. 

Romey again highlighted the Tri-
ton attack in the Sunday afternoon 
contest against Chapman College. 

The Panthers jumped on top at 

Davtd Cho/Guardlart 
Ch .... Romey (12) awaits the result of Brian Tumer'lleaping header. 
30:05 of the first half. UCSD failed to 
clear a poor Chapman pass, and the 
defensive miscue cost the Tritons. 
Panther Kevin Espana collected the 
loose ball and rifled it past UCSO 

goalie Mike Madden: 
Romey brought the Tritons back 

41 seconds later, however, with a 
beautiful finish on an Erik Waldman 

See M. SOCCER, Page 17 

GUARDIAN ATHLETE·OF·THE·WEEK . 

With six goals during the past week, including a 
hat trick against Division II Cal Poly Pomona and a 
perfectly-placed left-footed free kick versus Point 
Lorna, senior forward Chris Romey is honored by 
The UCSD Guardian as Its Athlete-Of-The-Week. 

The six scores raised his total to a team-leadlng 
nine for the season, giving him 19 points overall. 

"Every team has Its player," said Head Coach 
Derek Annstrong. "He's obviously not our only one, 
but he's an important part of the team." 


