
Elsewhere 

ASUCLA FGrced to Lay 
Off 20 EmpIoy_ 
LOS ANGELES - Despite 
continued efforts to cut costs 
and boost sales, a persistant 
slide in revenue and a projected 
$1.6 million budget shortfall for 
the 1992-93 year is forcing 
UCLA's student association, 
the Associated Students UCLA, 
to layoff 20 career employees. 
The ASUCLA draws its income 
from about 30 campus stores, 
eateries and student services. 
Along with the layoffs, a hiring 
freeze and a five percent across-
the-board cut to career staff 
salaries will be implemented in 
order to slice $1.7 million from 
next year's budget. The 
continuing recession, declining 
tourism as a result of the L.A. 
riots last spring and massive 
campus construction restricting 
parking for tour buses were 
among the causes cited for the 
drop in revenue. 

UCSB May Lose 
Ov_l00C ...... 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
$2.6 million cut may force the 
UCSB College of Leners and 
Sciences to cut more than 100 
classes next year. The college, 
which enrolls 94 percent of the 
undergraduate students and 
64% of the graduate students at 
UCSB, has already absorbed · 
cuts of $500,000 and $1 .5 
million in the last two years. 
College of Leners and Sciences 
Provost L1ad Phillips said the 
campus' best estimate for total 
funding reductions in 1993-94 
is about $9.8 million. 

ASUCD Seeks to 
Tap Building Fund 
DA VIS - The ASUCD 
Executive Council passed a 
resolution urging UC Davis 
administrators to use an existing 
building fund for student 
services next year. The resolu-
tion seeks to take money from 
the $60 million fund set aside 
for the construction of a 
performing arts center to avoid 
the cuts to services outlined in 
Davis' proposed budget. 

. Inside 

GIN 
HIATUS: Blues Traveler 
and Oin Blossoms featured 
at the Sun God festival. Hi 

SPORTSc.Golf is in 
second place after two days 
at the championships. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRJIJi'S .... ... .... ... ... ... .... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES ...... ...... 3 
OPINION ...... ........ .. ... .... ....... 4 
HIATUS ... ... .... ......... ... , .... .. HI 
CLASSInEDS .. ..... ... ....... ... .. 12 

PORTS .............................. 16 

T H E u c 

UCSANDIEGO mURSDAY, MAY 20, 1993 

UC Executive To Receive One 
Year's Pay After Retirement 
By Chris Jensen 
Associate News Editor 
and KlmI Yoshino 
California Aggie 

UC President Jack Peltason revealed last 
week that retiring Vice President Ronald Brady, 
the architect of the controversial payment pack-
ages for top UC executives, will be paid an entire 
year's salary after he leaves his post July I. 

Peltason announced that former UC Presi-
dent David Gardner secretly agreed to the 
$181 ,640 payment before he left office last year. 
Brady, who served as Gardner's senior vice 
president, was also one of the key figures behind 

TIMBER 

Gardner's $2.4 million retirement package, 
which was approved by the regents last spring 
behind closed doors and became the focus of 
much public criticism of the UC administration. 

Severance pay and contributions to Brady's 
retirement fund will bring the university's total 
payment to over $200,000. According to 
Peltason, however, Brady has decided not to 
accept an additional $230,000 he was eligible 
for from a deferred compensation package that 
he designed for all top UC administrators. 

According to documents released by the 
Office of the President, Peltason has known 

See BRADY, Page 3 

DMIIY Ruspinl/GuMfan 
A workman takes the top off of a tree near the Third College Administration BuIcInc on 
Wednesday afternoon. 

Group Seeks Student Input at UCSD-TV 
By Brett Rhyne campus community." 
Senior Staff Writer The proposal would set up a Programming 

UCSD's low-power television station, Advisory Panel at K35DG made up of "anyone 
K35DG, is considering the proposal of a group who is excited about television on campus," 
of students and faculty members to increase according to Warren senior Rochell Bemsdorf, 
student involvement in programming and im- a member of UCSD-TV. She said the panel 
prove the cultural diversity at the station. would be responsible for reviewing all material 

The community group, University Commu- sent to the station and selecting what material 
nity Members Seeking Diversity on Television would be broadcast. 
(UCSD-TV), was founded several weeks ago In addition to the review panel, UCSD-TV 
by faculty and students primarily in the Visual h<?Pes that the station will create a student Jiai-
Arts (V A) and Communication Departments. son position to work with the Programming 

Gening students involved in the new station AdvisoryPanel.In an effort to ease the workload 
is key, according to UCSD-TV members. An of the programming director, the liaison would 
important 'goal of their proposal is to give stu- deal with any issues that arise in regard to 
dent-produced programming more air time. student and community productions. 

UCSD-TV member and Third College se- Conununlcations Professor Dee Dee Halleck. 
aior Gene Chavh:a said many people would like who has been recognized nationally for her 
to become involved with the campus television worle with grass-roots television, said it does not 
station. make sense to ignore the contributions that 

"Everyone is excited about getting work students can make to the station. 
that's been produced right here in the Media "Not including VA and Comm students in 
Center on the air," Chavira said. "I know lots of the campus television station is like building a 
students who are producing really excellent hospital here and not allowing medical students 
work that reflects the cultural diversity of the . See lJCSD.1V, Page 8 

s D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 16 

Proposals on 
Regent Refonn 
Pass Committee 
REFORM: Two constitutional 
amendments propose to shorten 
regent tenns, confmnation process 
By francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Two legislator-sponsored constitutional 
amendments that could drastically a1terthemake-
up of the UCRegents passed the State Assembly 
Committee on Higher Education on Tuesday. 
The 6-3 votes on both bills were split along party 
lines. 

Both bills must now pass through at least 
another three committees and receive a two-
thirds majority vote in both houses of the legis-
lature to be placed on the California state ballot 
sometime next year. 

The farthest reaching of the amendments is 
Assembly Constitutional Amendment (ACA) 
20, which was authored by Assembly Higher 
Education Committee Chair Marguerite Archie-
Hudson (D-Los Angeles). The amendment is 
also being sponsored by the University ofCaJi-
fomia Students Association (UCSA). 

UCSA President Tobin Fried said in a state-
ment yesterday that "because of their recent 
actions, the regents have completely tarnished 
what was the most prestigious public university 
in the country. ACA 20 is a solid first step 
toward restoring the university's reputation." 

Archie-Hudson's consultant to the Higher 
Education Committee Christopher Cabaldon 
said yesterday that " the regents need to look 
more and act more like California," a goal that 
"cuts across party lines." 

Cabaldon said that Archie-Hudson remains 
"optimistic" that she will get the required 54 
votes to pass the amendment out of the Assem-
bly despite the party-line opposition in the Edu-
cation Comminee. 

Fried said in an interview yesterday that "It's 
going to be hard worle to get it out [of the 
Assembly] ," but added that "there is a lot of 
support." 

The amendment would redistribute the cur-
rent regental appointment procedure, which 
currently allows the governor to appoint 18 of 
the 27 regents, by dividing the appoinunents up 
equally among the Assembly, Senate and gov-
ernor. 

A new independent confirmation committee 
See REGENTS, Page 8 

Cal Student Gov't 
Being 'Reevaluated' 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

UC Berleeley officials have launched a "re-
evaluation" of the university's relationship with 
its autonomous student government, prompted 
by fiscal and security liability concerns. 

Director of Student Activities and Services 
Karen Kenney said the evaluation, which she 
stressed "is not an investigation or a probe. " wiD 
focus on three areas: the current financial crisis 
of the Associated Students of the University of 
California (ASUC), the ramit1cations of a re-
cent court ruling on the use of student fees and 
questionable security in ASUC-run buildinp. 

An ad hoc advisory committee chaired by 
See IIRKB.EY, page 9 



2 NEWS 

'Derby Days' Rai_ 
$2,500 for Charities 
ByK.-. ........ 
Staff Writer 

About 4OOpeople participated in 
the Sigma Chi fraternity's fourth 
amuaI "Derby Days" last weekend. 
TIle aim of the event was to raise 
money for charity and assist local 
philanthropic organizations in San 
Diego. 

According to the event's chair 
Stephen Kremser, about $2,500 was 
raised for the Children's Miracle 
Network and the UCSD Early Child-
hood Education Center. 

Members from various UCSD 
fraternities and sororities panici-
pated in "Derby Days" activities, 
which included a vo\1eyball tourna-
ment, a lip-sync competition and a 
BBQ, with food donated from 
Johnny Rockets. 

According to sponsorship coor-
dinator Jeremy Howard, ticket sales 
from the BBQ, in conjunction with 
local and national sponsors such as 
"Jammin' Z-90" radio station and 
Marine Sunwear, raised the neces-
sary funds. Members also panici-
pated in a scavenger hunt in which 
six garbage bags full of clothes, 
blankets and food were collected 
and given to San Diego's Coalition 
for the Homeless to be distributed. 

The culminationoftheevent was 
Saturday's "Philanthropy Day," 
during which about 125 ' students 
went to four local organiZations to 
participate in community assistance. 
At the City Heights Community 
Clean-Up, students repainted houses 
and fences, helped with yardwork 
and picked up trash. 

"TIle guy from the organization 
said thai wesaved him about $1 0,000 
through our efforts," Howard said. 

Students also helped at St. 
Vincent de Paul's Shelter by hand-
ing out food and doing maintenance 
wort, while others packaged food 
at World Share to be distributed to 
the homeless. 

"We got people involved so that 
they want to go back [and help 
again]," Howard said. 

Some of the money raised will 
be donated to theOtildren 's Miracle 
Network, an aUiance of about 160 
hospitals across the United States 
which gives money to people who 
cannot pay for health care on their 
own. The UCSDChildhood Educa-
tion Center, a developmental pro-
gram for children of UCSD stu-
dents, faculty and staff will also 
receive some of the proceeds, 
Howard said. 

Kremser said that Sigma Chi 
members plan to change next year's 
event by introducing new activities 
and providing service to different 
organizations in order to maintain 
interest and participation. 

"People not in the Greek system 
think (Derby Days] isasociaI event. 
But we raised more money [forchar-
ity] than any other organization on 
campus," he said 

According to Howard, "Derby 
Days" is rumored to have started in 
the 1930s at UC Berkeley and is the 
Sigma Chi fraternity 's national phil-
anthropic event, raising over half a 
million dollars annually. "The aim 
is fun and philanthropy," he said-

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
eoq, NegotIatIoM- Approximately 30 coop members attended last night's 
meeting to lobby the A.S. to continue negotiations on the coop Memorandum 
of Understanding. Last week the A.S. voted to stop negotiations after the latest 
agreement was refused by the coops. Co-op member Chloe Burke read a letter 
requesting that the A.S. amend the document to fIX some of the 19 problems 
cited with the current draft of the Memorandum. Acti~ President Carla Tesak 
defended the current Memorandum, which the A.S. signed earlier this month. 
"I don't think the A.S. would have signed a document which would put [student) 
autonomy on the line," she said. "I do believe the A.S., coops and GSA can see 
eye to eye on [problems) one through 19, but if we open up negotiations, the 
administration will come up with their own list of problems," she added. The 
council agreed to meet with coop members in a special session to be held next 
Monday. Tesak also arranged an informational meeting for the new council 
members, many of whom did not serve on the A.S. last year and are not familiar 
with all of the specifICS of the negotiations. 

Alternative Media AllocatIons- Commissioner of Communications Bik·Na 
Park addressed the controversy surrounding the allocations to campus 
altemative media. She acknowledged that the Media Committee's proposed 
budget cuts will have a large impact on campus media, such as a 4,000 copy 
limit. Additionally, all media publications would be restricted to 16 pages per 
issue. She urged alternative media to utilize the "A.S. Ads" advertiser-soliciting 
service to supplement their current A.S. funding. ·We would like to take part in 
making ASUCSD Campus Media as strong, efficient, and stable as possible. 
One of the steps to making this possible is by helping the media become more 
self-suffiCient and autonomous,· she said. No members of altemative media 
publications spoke at the meeting. 

~Ied by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

1I!e ('(soGo8U 5 pIdsIIed Ib1dI!s nl1l'IndII/s ilR1111e ade!ric,e.-1Ir nib' the SCIJdenIs 
II ocso.1Ie!roclIab1 II INs I1IIWSPIIIB In .. bill . ..,. n IhaIe Of In pel. 'IIiItIlIt jlefTnission ~ SIIIdIy pmhIliIod. C1993. ,, ___ 1I!e (.(SO Gi8Ul1S not __ lor the _ 01 
_rnnsaIIICS Of III. lilt vieWS ....-lnfIIIIIICS nI ifIICI ~ or __ CIO II1II 
~ ............ II 1I!e IX:SD ....... IN ~d CIIIoI!iI. .. 1IIt AsIodMI 
__ TIle IX:SD Go8U ~ Uldod solely bJ ~ llIoIe PIIII¥ -. _ . 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20,1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

OC S\lSIE, r 60T FI'o/E 
~S, B\JT IT 'ltlll. C05f 
'«YJ OJ;) CEMt'5 m ~ !I.£ 

901" 1I\EIo\. 

IM_ 'rIEI.l., 'i9.\\ . 
DOtI'\ 'b.) -m~'" 
m.rs OI')6\lSTI~? 

~ 1\11'\ 'tIIU~U. '!' 

5C (EMTS?of 
1'0 ~\''i P"'i 
so <:a'1!. If 
't:1.I A.TE so 

'f4QIt~s . 

r~~ 
OIC. , GI'4E ME 
llIE. I\ICI(.E L 
"tlO IU D.T 
lilt. 'ftORMS . 

~. 'OJ E."T -mE 
~MS N-lU TIIEII 
I'll. GNE '«)IJ "'E 

1\\(r.E.l . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

--

\\oW ~9:lIJT 00 
CEI\I'S UP fl<Ol-lT 
#}.O MRE'i>1" 
\l~ Cotl.P\HI!\G 

~ .lOS" 

\tK.Hf. IU. 
GillE 't:JJ -.. 
1\1<,m ~ 

EAT~ 
~I'lE . 

'bJ ~T 
~ TO 9.T 
FIrE!'!' 

GtEaz! ~ 

tt.IO'\) ~ ~~ 
OISG\l'iT ~ BE 

~ ~fL~T\ONt.R~ P,/ 
I 

~"'E ~ts"! 
_rw[ 
\It.~E. ~ Q) m 
1\£ ~p\t).\. 

~Of 

QI • ..u. 1tIGIIT. _MOl 5Q ft6f! 
ru. t\\~ llot FlasT, ~~ 
IaMOnll:i "'CJa 'DJ E'li.N 
11= 'j()) Q) ltl WIlE l't(o 
1\£ ~I'ITM. . ~1Q.a,,) ! 

1\11':.:> 

1Wt. ~()J'O r'r\11\\( 
1\\£ GIJ'i E"'TIN~ 
TIlE. 'l«)~t.\S 'fI()JI.[) 
BE ("\.lI~G TI\£ 

~O1'5! 

... -

USIJM.l i, IF 'f()J'RE 
Ct.ll.11\G M~~ '5IIOIS 
/>.T AlI.. ~O'J'Rt II:>T 

EA~IIIG "'~"''5 . 

Researcher Awarded Revelle Medal 
James U. Lemke, founder of UCSO's Center for 

Magnetic Recordl~ Research (CMRR), was awarded 
the Revelle Medal at a symposium marki~ the center's 
10th anniversary earlier this month. The medal is 
UCSD's most prestigious honor given in recognition of 
distinguished and sustained service to the university. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson and Academic Senate 
Chair George Backus presented the award to Lemke, 
chief executive officer of Recording Physics, Inc. and 
adjunct professor of Physics at UCSD. 

Lemke holds patents on a number of inventions in 
magnetic recording Md other technological fields. In 
addition to his research, Lemke obtains capitalization for 
new companies to develop magnetic recording products. 

Chemistry Profe .... Recelv .. 
Humboldt R ... arch Award 

UCSD Chemistly Professor David Hendrickson has 
been selected to receive the Humboldt Research Award 
in recognition of his past research achievements. 

The grant is given each year by the Humboldt Re-
search Foundation in Germany to "Intematlonally-recog. 
nized U.S. scientists" workl~ In interdisciplinary fields. 

Recipi~ts are offered stipends that allow them to 
conduct research in German universities. 

Hendrickson said he plans to spend about frve 
months at the University of Mainz and several other 
German universities. He was nominated by Philipp 
Gutlich, a German chemist at the University of Mainz. 

Hendrickson's recent studies have focused on elec· 
tron transfer reactions, a field which attempts to de-
scribe how electrons are moved from one molecule to 
another. 

UCSD'. catholic Community 
Holds TUuana Service DrIve 

Approximately 30 members of the UCSD Catholic 
community will be going to Tguana this weekend to build 
homes for Mexican families in need of shelter. 

The students will lay the foundation for and assist in 
the construction of several houses, which will be given 
to families who lack the resources to Improve theIr lM~ 
conditions. 

The students were able to raise $5,000 needed to 
purchase supplies for the project with the help of 
donations from the community. 

The Guardian 
weather report 

Wet_temp: 
Thurs: 69-/58' FrI: 69-/58- Set: 69'/58- Vesterda,: 72/59" 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, AsSOCiate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
BEN LAVINE, Associate Opinion Editor 

DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIIIEL, Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Festures Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

luusntATORS: Mlcha Croft. Tal8 Eofl. Nathan Erlln . Speed Fants. jennifer 
Hart. Dominic LobIIla. Alan Lun5' ACIr1ano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI Spona 
DIII.IIRI· Joel Arnold. Wilson Marcus LOIlIlIa. Christopher Lock 
PHOTCNIRAI'HIRI: Oavld Cho. Jason UfTlIII. Sldllft Deb. Saul Levine. Chuck N&uYen"':;' RusoInI COfiY~ Michelle ChianC. Aron Miller. Jessie Spr1n..,. MaJ.lan Tomsen 
TYPIIT: nm Un 
IDITORIAL MIlITANT: lIItan K. Hutto 
ADYIII11IIN8 AllllTANT: Tn Eofl 
ClllCUl.AlIOII AllllTANTI: GIllIe AlUm, Gloyannl c-leIlo. CI8I1 Stokle 

108 DeANDREA, Business Mllfu1ler 
MlCHAIL POWlI, ~sIrW M.,.,., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdM!nJsiIW Deslfner 

E. LSQH HENRY, ClBSSified Rttptesentlltlve 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

IIJIIOIIIT_ w.1IIII: Jenny Gal8IC. Dan Krauss. Maw- Robinson, Brett 
Rhyne. Michael ScIlwIrtz. Sheryl WOIcOIl 
_WNlIItS: E_Camuso. Terr1 Dugan. Albert GarbakII. KlnIten HaI\IerWn. 
Billy IMM&. Melissa Jacobs. G¥ Johnson. RoderIck Lee. Wendy McNeill. Theresa 
MOore. JUlie Pal<, Jonna~. Paul Pnllilps. Jeff PrauCnt. Ely "-I. Blair Ridley. 
Kara Saul. RItlJ Sa>oena.1Iree Secel , AleJaJ. SI>erl1w1. Karen 5pieCeI. GrepyStephens 
DEIION CONSULTANT: James COllier 

Editorial: 534-6580. BusIness 0fIIce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Q"",."." 9500 Gilman Olive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Ac(uallOc:atlcn: Second Floor. UCSO Student Center IluQdIrC ·A· 

Thursday, May 20,1993 

Professor 
Elected to NAS 
Membership 
By Suzanne Phan 
Staff Writer 

Larry Squire, professor of psy-
chiatry atthe UCSD School ofMedi-
cine, was elected last month to the 
National Academy of Sciences 
(NAS), one of the most prestigious 
scientific organizations in the coun-
try. 

Squire, a neuroscientist at the 
Veterans' Affairs Medical Center, 
was the only member of the UCSD 
faculty admitted this year. He joined 
10 other University of California 
scientists among the 60 new mem-
bers and 15 new foreign associates 
selected. 

"It is an honor for me. It's an 
honor for the people I work with," 
said Squire. "I hope to continue to 
do the best I can." 

NAS is a private organization of 
scientists and engineers that serves 
as an official advisor to the federal 
government in matters concerning 
science and technology. Present 
membership includes representa-
tives from the fields of biology, 
physics, chemistI)', mathematics and 
certain social sciences. 

UCSD Biology Professor and 
NAS member John Singer said 
Squire's selection indicates the high 
quality ofUCSD's scientific faculty. 

"It's a prestigious title .... It means 
a lot to the people in the profession. 
Membership in the academy equates 
with quality of the faculty," Singer 
said. 

BRADY: DC 
administrator to get 
paid after retirement 
Continued from P8Ie 1 
about the agreement between 
Gardner and Brady since Sept. 29, 
1992 - one day before Brady left 
office - but decided not to make 
it public before last week. 

University of California Stu-
dents Association (UCSA) Field 
Representative Donny Emerick 
said the action was "a classic ex-
ample of the old boys' network" in 
the Office of the President. 

"It's a slap in the face for stu-
dents working two jobs [in order] 
to go to school," Emerick said. 

When Peltason took over the 
helm of the UC in October, many 
within the university had hoped 
for a new openness within the UC 
after the back-room deals prior to 
Gardner's retirement. 

According to UC Spokesman 
Ron Kolb, Peltason's decision to 
withhold information about the 
package did not contradict his com-
mitment to openness and direct 
communication. 

"It was a question of priori-
ties," Kolb said. "He didn ' t feel 
that this particular issue should 
have been dealt with at that time. 
Had he done it then or had he done 
it now, the decision would have 
been the same." 

UC Spokesman Rick 
Malaspina added that it is not un-
usual for a senior administrator or 
chancellor to take a paid leave of 
absence because, unlike other fac-
ulty members, they do not get sab-
baticals. Although Brady is not a 

'l\tIi] FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
~ & Turtle Wax Sealer 
C !a. 8505 Cosla Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 OSTA 
VERDE ~ 
CAR-WASH W 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z_® 
.t- UCSD I 
Z LI Jolil VIII.g. Dr. ;I 
I I :bo' Dr. J 

UTe 
II 

~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------III Full Service $ 99 ~~~6~ P!! !A~! 3~ .. " 

The UCSD Guardian 

member of the faculty, Malaspina 
said the fact that Brady had ap-
proximately 100 days of unused 
vacation time figured into the de-
cision to grant him the paid leave. 

Student Regent-designate and 
. UC Davis junior Darby Morrisoe 
said Peltason's action represent 
his unwillingness to foster open 
communication with the regents 
and the public. 

"Iamextremelydisappointed," 
she saia. "I had hoped with 
[Peltason 's) term, the Office of the 
President would begin to open lines 
of communications with the re-
gents. But the president's refusal 
to inform the regents in a timely 
fashion demonstrates that that is 
not his intention." 

Brady will continue to work 
part-time for the UC during his 
one-year leave of absence. Al-
though he will step down as senior 
vice president July I , he will con-
tinue to assist the UC in managing 
its three national laboratories. 

In a letter to the regents dated 
May 10, PeItason wrote that he 
intends to honor Gardner's com-
mitment to Brady "in recognition 
of his dedicated service." 

He added that Gardner' s actions 
are legally binding but pledged to 
seek regent approval forfuturede-
cisions regarding paid leaves. 

Emerick said that. if legally 
possible, Peltason should avoid 
paying Brady, adding that bad pub-
licity stemming from the incident 
will hurt the entire UC. 

Morrisoe agreed. "This could 
cost us millions of dollars," she 
said. "This could not have hap-
pened at a worse time in the budget 
process." 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

1FDil@ [K1J©8 V ~@\YJ~@W ©®QD[?@@ 
6y CO[um6ia ~vrew 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical communIty since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
- INTENSIVE MeAT prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
- An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-Irained 

academic M.D.'s. M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

- Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

- 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

- 1600 PAGES of original lake-home review notes and fonnula sheets, 
reading and writing study guides, MeAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams written by MeAT experts 

" REAL MCAT malerials distributed to all enrolled students 
" DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
" TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges included 
" LOWER TUITION than other courses S CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 

APPLY NOW! 456-4848 
San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 

You'll think our prices are miraculous. They are. 
You'll probably wonder why you haven't 
. shopped here before. So do we. 

Most of all, you'll wont 10 make a return visil within about 2 hours. 

I C\R WASil Nol valid wilh any other offer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Ex~""~~ ------------------------------------________________________ ~ ________ ___ 
------------------ ______ 1 



.. OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edltotlal Board 

BEN 8OYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Mana&lng Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

lite IJCSD GuM1Ian II pubillhed twice • _ III the ~ of Cellfomlo. Sen 0Ie&0. Contents 
01l1li3. V ____ .. ....- tho rtIIIjority vote of the editorIoi ~. end ... not 

~,... ofthllJC _ of Roeonta. the ASUCSO. _ thI anti .. __ • 

More of the Same Nonsense 
From UC System Executives 

After the public outcry last year over fonner UC President David 
Gardner's $2.4 million retirement package, one would hope that UC 
system administrators had learned their lesson. The enormity of the 
regent's largess was astounding, especially considering that the 
package was approved at a time of grave fiscal crisis in the UC 
system. While Gardner was collecting $2.4 million in benefits, UC 
students were facing fee hikes, larger class sizes and a decline in the 
qual ity of education. The Gardner package was a public humiliation 
for the university, leading to embarrassing audits and immeasurable 
damage to its reputation. 

Apparently, no one learned anything from the mistakes of a year 
ago. That can be the only explanation for last week's announcement 
that outgoing UC Senior Vice President Ronald W. Brady will 
receive a full year's salary of$181,640while workingonlyparttirne. 
Brady is, of course, the man believed by many to be the architect 
behind Gardner's retirement package. Last year, Gardner approved 
Brady's salary. which he said is "consistent with practice I have 
followed during my tenn as president for retiring chancellors and 
vice presidents." 

What is most galling about this latest development is that UC 
President Jack Peltason has known about the agreement between 
Gardner and Brady since September 29, 1992, but only made it 
known to the regents last week. Peltason, you may recall, was highly 
praised when he was selected for the presidency for his commitment 
to open communication. 

In an interview with the DailyAggie, the student newspaper at UC 
Davis, Student Regent-designate Darby Morisroe said, "I had hoped 
with [peltason's] term, the Office of the President would begin to 
open lines of communication with the regents. But the president's 
refusal to inform the regents in a timely fashion demonstrates that 
that is not the intention." 

The Brady salary is just another example of the back-room deals 
that characterized the UC system's days of free-spending and 
extravagant packages for high-ranking administrators. If anything 
positive could have come out of the Gardner fiasco, it would have 
been an understanding that the university should conduct its affairs 
openly and that it should curb its wasteful administrative spending. 

In the past few weeks, UCSD students have seen what the 1993-
94 academic year has in store. Classes will be reduced, faculty will 
not be hired, resources will be scarce and some departments may 
suffer devastating cuts. On top of ~his, students will face another fee 
hike while faculty wiU have to bear a five percent pay cut. With all 
this occurring, the Gardner-Brady agreement isn't merely ill-timed 
- it's completely appalling. 

If UC administrators want students and faculty to make sacrifices 
during the budget crisis, they had better be prepared to share the pain. 
That means cutting back on needless positions. That means prohib-
iting executives like Brady to make off like bandits while everyone 
else struggles to get by, 

In a May 10 letterto the regents, Peltason wrote that he intends to 
honor Gardner's agreement with Brady "in recognition of his 
dedicated service." What about recognizing the needs of students 
and faculty? Or even recognizing that the days of administrative pork 
should have ended long ago? 

Peltason also heralded Brady's decision to decline his deferred 
compensation, thereby saving the university $230,000. How gener-
ous. Perhaps Peltason, Brady and the regents could do us all a favor 
by forgoing the $181,640 as well. 

Tlmmbs Down to UC 
Berkeley ••. 

. .. for demanding preferential treatment from the Board of 
Regents. Administrators at UeB believe that since the.ir campus is 
the "flagship" of the UC system, they should not be facmg the same 
severity of cuts faced by other schools. The University of California 
is called a "system" for a reason - because one part of it. no matter 
how prestigious, is not greater than ~e s~m. ~f Berk.eley i~ a part of 
this system, then it should start acting lik~ It. Dunng this current 
budget crisis, the UC campuses need to sttck together. If we stand 
divided, then we just as certainly will stand conquered. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20.1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

,,\ I / 
....... @.~ 

-- -
-- ~ 

/ ......... "-
I \ 

'9'3 

COALITIONS MUST UNITE FOR 
THEIR SHARE OF EMPOWERMENT 
COMMEN1'ARY: After listening to Angela Davis and Elizabeth Martinez speak at 
UCSD last week, it's clear that the time has come to build coalitions on this campus 

GAYE 

As Americans become more pre-
occupied with the growing diversity 
of their country, coalition politics 
are pushing themselves to the fore-
front of socio-political discussionS. 
It seems that people - especially 
those of color and women - are 
realizing that there must be coali-
tionsand suppon among groups with 
common causes. 

identify yourself with the alienation that propels it. This 
is a movemenl in which alienation is literally pounding in 
your ears, and what its appeal is to a white upper class -
and what their place in it is- is one oflhe many questions 
you have to ask about this and OIher movements. 

I'm not suggesting that white people do not belong in 
these types of movements. But you have to ask yourself, 
especially now, where everyone fits with respect to a 
coalition. 

I had the privilege of interviewing Angela Davis and 

JOHnson I suppon this notion of coalition Elizabeth Martinez last week. What they had to say with respecl to coalition-building makes them rrue revolutionaries, even in a year like 
1993, when revolutionaries are difficult to 
find. 

in the broad sense. es-
pecially when itcomes 
to-8T0ups and women 
of color. But I am also 

wary of many people's definitions of "coa-
lition," because where the aim of many 
oppressed groups is to fight American sys-
tems of discrimination, there are a lot of 
other groups jumping on the bandwagon, 
claiming victim status to legitimize their 
place in a coalition. 

Thankfully, Angela Davis put this all-
too-common claim to rest last week: "Why 
do we compete for the status of being the 
most downtrodden victim? /' m tired of be-
ing a victim!" 

It is an age when even though it may be 
one of the most difficult times to be of color, 
it is also a time when it is most enviable to 
be of color, to be oppressed, to involun-
tarily appear to be against the system by the 
very nature of your color or gender. 

We find this mirrored in the most telling 
gauge of social relations - that of popular 
culture. You find that hip-hop culture, 
emerging from panicularly oppressed black 
environments, is inundated with white 
middle-and upper-class connoisseurs, Ex-
pensive clothing companies cater to the 

vktIIii ....... to 
•• .,1ImIze their 
place In • 
colllltlor .. 
nt.lkfully, 
AItgeIa .,.. put 
tills aIMooo 
CGiI.ilOli claim to 
....... weelc 
MWJlydo we 
CGinpete for tile 
..... ot".". 
file ".., down-
trGdden tfcfIm1 
I'm tInNI 01 ".". 

For two women so involved in progres-
sive, ethnic-specific movements, it is truly 
revolutionary to be able to step away from 
the specific "in-house" issues and give 
whole-heaned suppon to the liberation of 
all people. It requires a more holistic view 
of the world, and of the human condition in 
general, without ignoring the issues spe-
cifIC to different ethnic groups. 

What I appreciated most about what 
these two women had to say was that 
people of color involved in political move-
ments have to de-emphasize whites' per-
ceptions about people of color; stop adopt-
ing those methods of prejudging one group 
over another. This means that a 
multicultural coalition would have to not 
only displace these types of prejudices, bul 
also decenter white participants in a 
multicultural movement. I could feel the 
collective gasp of many of the whites in the 
audience, because I think many blissfully 
deny to themselves that no matter where 
they are, they are still the center of atten-
tion and affirmation, 

monetary resources of these die-hard fans • JIIcfImI" 
by marketing the hip-hop style. Thus we 

The first fear Davis put.to rest was that 
just because whites are decentered doesn't 

mean they are excluded. Sigh of relief. see whites emulating a style which is deliberately reflec-
tive of lower classness-especial\y the baggy pants and 
neck chains which sugge.~t a connection with those in 
prison. . ' . . . 

To see anglos participate In somethmg like IhlS IS 
nothing new, but it is with respect to the idea of coalitions. 
It is one thing to emulate a style, but it is quite another to 

There is a particular panic by progressive whites who 
wish to be involved in the plight of color, and who are 
realizing that in these types of collectives, it is hip to be 
exactly what they aren't: ethnic, with some Iype of 
identity work to do. I have seen literal hysteria. But let me 

See DAVIS, Page 6 

Thursday, May 20, 1993 

THEBATILE 
CONTINUES 
FOR STUDENT 
INPUT 
COMMENTARY: Students 
need to let the new board know 
how they feel about fees 
By Andrew Clark 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The University Center Board (UCB) is dead. 
Long live the UqA)B, the University Cen-

ters Advisory Board. 
The UCB was"disesrablished"by Vice Chan-

cellor of Student Affairs Joseph Watson back in 
February, but I cherished a hope deep in my 
hean thaI upon examining the evidence, ajudge 
would bang his gavel and render justice. This 
did not happen. The California Superior Court 
dismissed the UCB 's case and sealed its fate. In 
my opinion, this afftrnls that the regents were 
justified in co~mining grand theft. 

"Grand theft" may sound like hyperbole, but 
it isn 't. The estimated revenue from the Univer-
sity Center Fee next year is $1,973,850. That's 
$112.50 from every graduate and undergradu-
ate student. Student input into the operation of 
the Price Center and Student Centers is now a 
maner of "advisory control" - a newspeak 
word that translates as "the UCSD administra-
tion controls the advice it gets from students." 

I recognize that the UCSD administration-
from the chancellor down to the University 
Centers director - feels that it is acting in the 
best interests of students. I do not (unlike some 
of my former UCB colleagues) believe that 
"administration" has evil intent. I can see their 
logic. It's summed up by the phrase, "We know 
what's best for you. " 

This paternalistic attitUde is the wall that I 
have been helplessly flailing against for nearly 
a year now. This fight is over - the windmills 
have shattered my lance - but life must go on, 
and UCSD sludents must playa crucial role in 
Ihe expenditure of student referenda fees. As 
Graduate Student Association (GSA) President 
Patrick Carroll put it, "'This is taxation without 
representation!" He's right. 

There are four student referenda fees, and 
they fall into two categories: student govern-
ment fees and facilities fees. The A.S. and GSA 
fees ($13.50 and $5.(0) are student govenunent 
fees, and the five percent A.S. election turnout 
indicates that students are generally satisfied 
with how these monies are spent - or they 
don't care - or they think voting is a waste of 
time. 

Facilities fees are the big ones: the $70 per 
quaner that kicks in next year for building the 
RIMAC spons facility and the $37.50 Univer-
sity Centers Fee for the operation and mainte-
nance of the Price Center and Student Centers. 
That's almost $110 a quarter, and student input 

, into how this money is spent has been reduced 
to "advisory" status. This means that students 
can say what they want, but the regents always 
know best. 

If students want to have a say in how these 
facilities fees are spent, then they had better 
make it known now. The new UCAB's charter 
will be drawn up this summer - convenienl, as 
most students are outoftown-andthe RlMAC 
advisory board will probably be presented to 
students as a "done deal" next fall. 

How? Talk to the A.S. Talk to your college 
councils, who appoint your official UCAB reps. 
Comer your favorite authority figure and ask 
him or her. Bener yet, ask Jim Carruthers or his 
secretary where and when the UCAB meetings 
are and come to them. 

If students don't want to have any say in how 
facilities fees are spent, then someone should 
have told me last September and saved me a heU 
of a lot of grief. 

-Andrew Clark II the Fifth College 
A.pr • ...,tatlv. to the UCAB. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: When building coalitions among people of color, whiteness can 
neither be centralized nor excluded, regardless of what some recent critics may claim 

TOWARD A MULTICENTRIC VIEW 
I went to hear An-

gela Davis speak at the 
"Building Coalitions 
Among People of 
Color" conference last 
week. I'd like to use that 
speech as a means to re-
spond to some criticisms 
thaI have recently ap-

GREGORY peared in these pages 
rTEPHE~ regar~ing .myconcept?f J J IJ amulttraClalcommumty 

in which the common-
ality and difference co-
exist. 

Aside from Ms. Davis' speech, this confer-
ence struck me on the whole as a rather nause-
ating example of the racial romanticism and 
blame-whitey thinking that often festers 
unexamined beneath the surface of that 
multicultural mantra, "people of color." 

Davis followed Elizabeth Maninez, a 19605 
holdout stilI stuck in the Us vs. Them worldview 
of that era Here in 1993. Martinez was still 
telling her audience to "tell THE MAN what 
we need." She advised "people of color" that 
"we don't have to like each other - we just 
have to trust each other on the battlefield" 
where they could be united by "some enemy 
we want to destroy together." 

But Ms. Davis brought some fresh air into 
an environment where it would have been all 
too easy to merely confinn the lazy thinking of 
the people who worship her. Angela Davis is 
that rarest of "culture heroes" on the left, one 
who actually uses her privileged position to 
challenge the preconceptions of her audience. 

Davis began her speech by discussing her 
encounter with a white woman who com-
plained that this coalition-building between 

BeIng pr ........ for that 
future requires a vision: a 
vision of what Ralph 
Elison called .. "Ideal 
democracy." 1hat Ideal Is 
not m.ant to excllllde 
aw ......... of the past or 
our .. al.nt CIt8Is. RaIla, 
It serv __ a horizon: a 
Ionftwce PI to keep us 
from getting lost In 
...................... 

"people of color" was making her feel left out. 
"Where is my place?" she wanted to know. 
Davis responded indirectly with adefmition of 
multi-ethnic coalition-building that is one of 
the few I've heard that goes beyond "a con-
glomeration of people who aren't white." 

Davis argued that networking among non-
whites should not be about excluding whites 
but rather about creating "straJegies!or coali-
tion-building that don't centralize whiteness." 
But at the same time, she made it clear that it 
wasn't about centralizing blackness or any 
other position, either. 

Davis has recently blasted black anti-Asian 
violence, and she broadened that into a cri-
tique of black ethnocentrism (as in the phrase 
"black people and other people of color"). She 
criticized those who see blackness everywhere 
-apparently in reference to an earlierspeaker, 
akenle-headed Afrocentric New Age "healer" 
named Starla who had talked aboul the "black-
ness of oneness" and asserted that Spain lacked 
culture before colonization by the Moors. 

Davis pointed out that her own activism 
had never been confined to "blackness," that 
she had been supporting Latin American self-
determination since 1959. Her commitment to 
social justice had multiple allegiances and 
expressed irself in multiple languages, she 
noted. 

Like Davis, I think personal history is 
directly relevant to how one approaches coa-
Iition-building.1 don't feel "left out" by " people 
of color" coalitions. But I do often feel demon-
ized; that my personal history is made invis-
ible. I am a "white man" married to a "black 
woman." This choice has political implica-
tions: the only coalitions or communities my 
wife Valeria and I will suppon are going to 
have to be multiracial - including, but not 
centered on, whites. 

We share this COl)cem with over two mil-
lion other Americans in interracial marriages 
-as well as millions of others who live, work, 
and play in multiracial contexts. Many of us 
have spent our lives working to "decentralize 
whiteness," as Davis says, but it does not 
foUow that we have to reject whiteness, only to 
see it in context. Those of us who live with our 
feet in more than one world are going to resist 
definitions of community like "peopl.e of color" 
that malc:e color lines the primary defmition of 

See COALITION, Page 7 

THE COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT DESERVES RESPECT 
Editor: 

I suppose it is my responsibility as Chair of 
the Communication Departmentto respond in 
Rodney Dangerfield fashion (oh my God, a 
reference to the dread popular culture, and a 
passe reference at that!) to the attack on the 
department by the Guardian's Ben Boychuk 
("Communication Breakdown," May 17). It 
seems that every three or four years the Guard-
ian finds it necessary to print a screed on the 
Communication Department As the accom-
panying,thoughweak-knced,defensebyPhilip 
Michaels suggests, for some reason Commu-
nication functions for various campus con-
stituencies in much the same way as the scape-
goat did for the Jews of the Old Testament. 

Let me address a few of Mr. Boychuk's 
comments and correct a couple of his asser-
tions. First of all, the Communication Depart-
ment consist of 18, not 32 faculty members. (If 
we only had such resources! Perhaps Mr. 
Boychuk would like to accompany me when 
I next speak with my dean.) Of those ) 8 (two 
of whom have joint appointments in other 
departments), four have received prestigious 
Guggenheim fellowships and one aMacAlthur 
"genius" award in the .past few years. Four 
others have won prizes for their most recent 
books. Communicalion facultymembersregu-
larly are cited for their extraordinary commu-
nity service. 

But Mr. Boychuk may not be concerned 
with such objective evaluations of the excel-
lence of the Communication faculty. Hewants 
to discuss undergraduate teaching and the 
Communication curriculum. As for teaching, 
Communication is one of the few departments 
on campus that as a matter of policy puts its 
most senior professors in its introductory and 
core courses. We require a fmal seminar of 
majors in an effort to synthesize the perspec-
tives and themes covered in the curriculum. 
The curriculum does indeed run a gamut from 

READERS' 

FORUM 
7JleGulldlln __ 1elllHS1lllm1lS-.NI_nuloe 
no~""'_""" OP8d.~MII"""1\II 
_ fIItIlWlllO ... Iilr /etWlllMII c:/IWfIy. Sf/IItI " _ ID: 

llWGuMIIIn 
0pW0nr-. 

9500 a.tYwI Dr. 0316 
1.a.Jo/M, CA 92O!I30316 

the study of popular culture to the emergence 
of a global information ecOOomy because, 
quite simply. that's whal the field ofCommu-
nication is about. 

Theaux ofMr. Boychuk' s attack is his attack 
on Herb Schiller. One gets the impression from 
Mr. Boychuk's column that Hem Schiller is the 
life and soul of the Communication DepanrnaIt. 
OnecouJdneverguessfromreadingMr. BoycOOk 
thatProfessor SchiIIcrretired and '-beenemeri-
IUs forthree years. The depar1Ineit and Professor 
SchiIkrhavean arrangcme.-such thatheteac1les 
one course per year. This is a good amngemert 
for everyone. 

Professor Schiller is an internationally rec-
ognized scholar of communication. His per-
spective is valuable, and he is a great teacher. 
Mr. Boychuk has serious problems with Pr0-
fessor Schiller's perspective. So be it BUI Mr. 
Boychuk proceeds to paint the enIire Commu-
nication curriculum with the brush of his gross 
caricature of Professor Schiller's teaching. 
And he does so without any evidence of hav-

ingtaken butacoupleCommunication courses 
and without any evidence of having spoken to 
anyone but a handful of the Communication 
majors he so evidently reviles. 

TheCommunicationDepartment,likemost 
depanments, has a variety of professors with 
a variety of approaches and perspectives. We 
must infer from his attack on the Communica-
tion Department that Mr. Boychuk values 
scholarship. Perhaps he should have done a 
little empirical work before he engaged in his 
ill-informed denunciation. 

Editor: 

Robert Horwitz 
Chair and Associate Proressor 

Department or Communication 

Ben Boychuk' s commentary seems a bit 
bitter to me. He, like a lot of people I know, are 
jealous of the fact thal I will graduate in four 
years while exerting little effort when it comes 
to my studies. TItere are some Comm students 
who do all the readings and take extensive 
notes in class - but the nature of the major 
allows me to do well while homework is a non-

. factor in my life. But what Mr. Boychuk 
doesn't seem to realize is that my B.A. in 
Comm means as much as my roommates in 
AMES. I'll get a job regardless of the major I 
choose because it's who you know and not 
what you know. 

As far as Herb Schiller goes, if you would 
sit in on one of his infonnative· and entertain-
ing classes, you could stand to learn a little 
somedling. I reaJize this might not get pub-
lished because it doen't meet the academic 
"status quo" you refer to in your piece. But 
being a Comm major has allowed me t.o enjoy 
my four years or college u it is not all that 
demanding. And, oil yeah, Ben - ShIdy hard 
and get good grades in your chosen major. I'D 
be out having a good time. 

Richie Shapiro 



, 

• 

6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20,1993 

GUARDIAN SHOULD REALLY BRUSH UP ON ITS BASIC MATH SKILLS 
Editor: minorities add up to be 3806, and not A Racial Look Regarding your article "WealcAf- 2909. And even if the number was Minorities: 
fll1llative Action Policy Found" (May 2909, the percent should be 31 per- The following breaks down UCSD's 
10), there is a basic algebraic mar in cent and not 34.7 percent career employees (not including 
the accompanying table and pie chart. I have always enjoyed the Guard- temporary workers or faculty) by race: 
If you recall from high sch091 pre- ian for its investigative reporting. A 

.illli• 
-

.. algebra, percent is calculated by di- true rendering to independent jour-
viding the smaller number by the total nalism. What a shame to fall short in White 1477_11.0% 
number, times one hundred. Thus, high school pre-algebra. 
percent of white employees is 5477 BertoHyun Asian 1121_20.8% READERS' 
divided by 9283 times 100 equals 59 Editor's Note: Mr. Hyun is cor· Hispanic 17._10 •• " FORUM percent and not 65.3 percent This is rect and has gracimLsly supplied us Black 827-1.1% true for all race groups. All the per- with the corrected figures. Here is a White: 
cents are wrong. corrected information graph. The American Indlan_71 __ 0"" 1477 

As for the pie chart, the number of 

DAVIS: 
Coalitions must be 
built on this campus 
ContInued from .... 4 
not decenter people of color in this 
commentary. 

I see the suggestions of Martinez 
and Davis as certainly constructive 
and also problematic. There remain 
quite a few "in-house" issues that 
ethnic-specific groups need to ad-
dress before moving outward. Yet I 

Guardian regrets the error. 

am equally cognizant of the urgency 
of contesting dominant ideologies, so 
I see the constructiveness in forming 
coalitions between groups of color. 
What Davis and Martinez's sugges-
tion allows, however, is a continuing 
and particular sensitivity to maintain-
ing a pluralist movement It is cer-
tainly not a meltdown into one happy 
coalition, but rather an awareness of 
others' contexts in this society, and 
movement from the power gained 
from this cognizance. 

When I talked with these two 

SoIRe: Steff AtIIrmatlYe ActIon 

women, they made it absolutely clear 
that they do not feel that everyone 
needs to get along to make political 
progress in a movement. As far as 
coalitions go, they don't absolutely 
guarantee that everyone agrees with 
everyone else. A coalition means that 
everyone is moving in the same gen-
eral direction and is willing to support 
others moving with them. 

I see this as a panicularly power-
ful message for the organizations of 
color at UCSD, who are all faced with 
the same issues, such as retention of 

~utSD 
ALtATRAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
... to Io~~ Up your stull trith usl 

We'll take care of all your storage and·moving needs ... 
-FREE use of moving truck 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
-EASY to use, EASY to move 
[ALL TO RESERVE A STORAGE SPAtE NOW! 

Must pr_nt ad for 
,Iiscount and truck UK 

llL(~ATIL\Z SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate Mall, La Jolla, CA 92121 

• 
... 
Co) 
2 
en 

l152-1 ()lI7 
IIII~ 

-•• 52111 
:1 .. 805 ~ 

1·5 =======tii=l 
+-: N UCSD 

PLEASE BABY PWSE 
... otIIer .............. tile 
...... C ....... .... 

Upstatrs In the Student Center. Building A. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OU~~~~lt~~bltLE 
InlUfW1ce. Health Plans 

MedI-CaI Aa:epted 
ViII. M..e.r Clird, Dlec:over 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698·6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364 ·6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI 
(714) 851·1201 

fii/#7 FAMILY PLANNING A~SOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Rent ~/GuIrdan 

their people on this campus. In light 
of the suggestions given by Davis and 
Martlnez, I think it would be a very 
constructive move to build a more 
effective coalition between the groups 
of color on campus. 

While the administration is pull-
ing a fast one on everybody, there are 
some groups who will be hit hardest, 
and most visibly. What a shame to 
have to say these groups went out 
without a fight For those more hesi-
tant to make such a move, I think it is 
important to reaIize that for the time 

being, it may be all that can be done to 
kccp this a somewhat integrated insti-
tution. 

Listening to Davis and Martlnez 
restored a lot of hope for me in the 
potential of people to make a change. 
If two women who can achieve as 
much despite the despair that they 
have seen, I think it is the least we can 
do to build coalitions which speak to 
the injustices of this institution and 
put a little more faith in the possibility 
of overthrowing its perpetuating seg-
regation. 

What Hangs Four 
and Loves Wax? 

Sun, SUI!, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball, 
blondes, and 
convertibles. 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they ' re 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have alloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cassette 
that ' ll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment, low monthly payment, first-time buyer, and 
college grad programs, they're easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at San Diego's European Auto Center 
and register to win a '92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.* 

Seethe 
All New 
Jena", 
Today! 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 

Special 
VWLow 
Payment 

Plan! 

1 Mile West of 1-15 

Thursday, May 20, 1993 

COALITON: 
No one group or color 
can be excluded 
Continued from page 5 
that community. 

Ely Rabani recenlly pegged me as 
a "liberal" who is "twitchy" about 
confronting the history of racial op-
pression and my own "white privi-
lege." I understand Ely 's desire to be 
on Ihe "right side" of our multi-ethnic 
future, but he needs to speak for him-
self on "white privileges." In fact, 
I've lived beneath the poverty line 
most of my life; most "people of 
co lor" I meet in college settings come 
from far more privileged backgrounds 
than my own. 

To see a truly reactionary display 
of current "thinking" on "white privi-
lege," pick up a copy of Alternative 
Visions, a UCSD "women's journal." 
Here you will find non-white women 
telling why they don 't want white 
women at their meetings. (But I must 
say miff respect to Laura Tubelle, 
who writes of people who assume 
that she is ethnocentric because of her 
blond hair and pale skin. She says, 
"when you assume you make an 'ass' 
out of ' u' but you can', manufacture 
me.") , 

[ am as resistant to left/white as to 
black/white or oppressor/oppressed 
dichotomies. Many of my friends are 
liberal, but my parents are Republi-
can fundamentalists, and as much as r 
disagree with their politics, I must 
confess thatthey apply their Christian 
ethic in a more inclu ive way than 
most of my leftist friends. Putting 
people in boxes ignores their personal 

history and closes off our ability to 
work together on partial common 
goals even as we continue to struggle 
over panial differences. 

In an April 15 column, Gaye 
Johnson assumes that my "perpetual 
advancement of music bringing 
people together" reflects my igno-
rance of the "crises of mankind." She 
feels that she is doing more to solve 
this crisis by quoting Ice Cube saying, 
"we'll fuck them like they fucked us" 
than when I quote Bob Marley on 
"One Love." 

While I am sympathetic to the 
aims of Johnson and Rabani, I sense 
that they are both trapped by the limits 
of oppositional thinking. Being aware 
of history is a different thing than 
being trapped by it. If you spend all of 
your time criticizing the old. you have 
no energy left to create the new. No, 
we can't forget our history, but if we 
stare in the rear-view mirror too long, 
we risk a head-on collision with the 
future rushing up at us. 

Being prepared for that future re-
quires a vision: a vision of what Ralph 
Ellison called an "ideal democracy." 
That ideal is not meant to exclude 
awareness of the past or our present 
crisis. Rather, it serves as a horizon: a 
long-range goal to keep us from get-
ting lost in short-range struggles. As 
Vaclav Havel points out, an "ideal 
democracy" will never be fully real-
ized, butthat does'not mean we should 
cease moving toward that horizon. 

Often I use the terminology of 
representatives of various ethnic 
groups to support my arguments, lhen 
laugh when this same terminology is 
attacked by people who only see a 
white face mouthing these words. For 

".. Guardian: 

The UCSD Guardian 

instance. Ely Rabani has accused me 
of engaging in "warm-fuzzy-touchy-
fccly exhortations" when I used the 
tenT\"multicentric world" in an April 
26 column - not realizing that the 
concept of being "multicentric" comes 
not from me but from Chicano activ-
ist Guillermo Gomez-Pena. 

You can find this essay in the High 
Performance Review. 1989. Gomez-
Pena writes that terms like "minor-
ity," "marginal" and 'Third World" 
are dangerous and must be used "only 
with extreme care." For him , 
multicentric means recognizing that 
none of us in America is pure, and that 
having our feet in more than one 
world is not a liability but an asset. 

If you don't believe that identity 
politics has dangerous long-term con-
sequences, then look at Yugoslavia, 
Sri Lanka, Sudan and other nations 
where color, ethnicily or religion has 
been used to exclude an outgroup. 
We've already begun to head down 
this path with a nation full of people 
claiming special privileges (includ-
ing the privilege of using rhetorical or 
physical violence against their "en-
emy") on the basis of both real and 
mythological forms of victimization. 

"Why all this competition for sta-
tus as 'who's the most oppressed'?" 
asked Davis. Long-range coalitions 
would have to be based on more than 
opposition to whiteness, she insisted. 
because anything pursued to an ex-
treme becomes its opposite. People 
become like what they most hate. 
"Decentralizing whiteness" as a me-
dium-rangecuitural and political goal 
will indeed require a multicentric ho-
rizon that neither centralizes nor ex-
cludes whiteness. 

More Than a Newspaper - It's a Way of Life 
PB BLONDE • SUNSET RED • OTL STOUT • HIGHLANDER SCOTCH ALE • INDIA PALE ;> 
• 

• 
~ 
;:J 
o 

~ 
en 
...:I 
f-4 
o 

WEDNESDAY SPECIAL 
STEIN NIGHT 

., f:p:i .. 
./$.-
~: ($ . ' 

, 

\ 

• all1 ~aSNns • laN018 8d • laN018 

Buy our logoed Stein for 
$5 full, and every Wednesday 

thereafter, we'll fill your 
stein with BEER ALL NIGHT 
for $2 PER REFILL! 
Every Wednesday 7 pm-close 

$1 BEER THURSDAYS 
beers (after 7 pm) • AlllO-oz. microbrewed $100 

t"' 
t!\ 

o 
SUN DAY ~ 

r-
COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT Ul 
• ALL PIZZAS 
• All 48-0%. PITCHERS 

(after 5 pm) $5~q ! 
• Try the THAI CHICKEN PlZZAI • 

4475 Mission Blvd, 
comer of Mission &. Gamet • SeaCoast Square 

no"", .. ,ru off of Homblend St. 

OPINION 7 

formerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

I,,!\-1-)$1 ~ 
DRAFT1,....t6.~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VI LLAGE DR. , LA JOLLA 

call 619 587-1414 ext. 6220 

~ WE SHIP ~ ~ MRYTHIfG ~ ~ BUT DENT. =s 
t3 CJ) 
~ ~ 

~ ~ 
o 0 

We" ship it all to and from school. We'" pack it, 
crate it. carton it, and ship it anywhere in the world. 

I'AKAt4ILr 
CENTERS OF AMERICA 

8895 Towne Centre Dr" S"ite 105 
j" fM Rnlllj_~ ToWII Cnttrr, La Joll. 
Phone 417·1555 Fu 417-8888 



8 NEWS 

REGENTS: 
Amendment would 
change composition 
ContInued from .... 1 
consisting of students, faculty and 
administrators would confmn all 
appointments. 

It would also add an additional 
student regent, remove the UC 
President from voting status on 
the board and shonen all regent 
tenns from 12 years to eight. 

In addition, the amendment 
would prohibit Gharging tuition 
forUCstudentsandcapexecutive 
pay at twice the average faculty 
pay. rate. 

The other amendment, ACA 
II, authored by Assemblyman 
Roben Campbell (D-Maninez), 
has a narrower focus. It would 
reduce all regent tenns to six years 
but leave the governor with all 18 
appointments. Instead, the amend-
ment would require regental ap-
proval by both the Senate and the 
Assembly. 

It would also remove the presi-
dent from voting status and give 
the UCSA president and vicepresi-

~:~8K$13* 
plu. $7.00 state cart. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. IncIudes_ 
epMk phCs. Nt tlmImC. scope 
1ftIIne, under hood dleck. 
Von,. II- P'UI 0f"CInes. pIotinum pI<CI.""". 

from 
Brake Special * *80 
caD Auto Car. 
Mon.oFri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat 8-5 
6660 Mirllll8r Rd., suite C 

(behind Goodyear) 
San 018,0, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2438 

" most cars 

, ... 
MunkII 
Viennl 
London 
Amster ..... 
'~I '"'f.;:~~~on~· 

statu5 moy be r<quftd . 
• ",.1IpaJa ,."." ..... 

Council Travel 
Open Won., Tues., ThllS., Fri . 9-5 

Wed., 10-5, ~. 10-2 
UC5D Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451·06 0 
NUDE BEACHES & RESORTS 

Where To Be Natural 
More than 2,(0) worldwide and 

lOOs of U.S. clothes-optional sites 
listed in the World Guide to Nude 
Btoches de Recreation, illustraIed with 
hW1dreds of color photos. Order the 
264-page Guitk, S2A.95 JXN paid. 

Nude de Natural Magazine. 4 
issues, $25 . Sample NdeN, $8. 
Color catalog features videos, 
books, T-shirts, $1. 

The Naturist Society 
P.O. Box 132-GU 

Oshkosh, WI 54902 
VISNMC Orders: 414-426-5009 

naturist@igc.apc.org 

dent automatic appointments to 
the board. 

Campbell's spokesperson 
Myra Tumer said that ACA II 
was not in competition with ACA 
20, but had been in the making 
since last August and was submit-
ted because Campbell felt that it 
had a beaer chance of passing. 

"[Roben] Campbell kind of 
looked at the reality .. . how can we 
get a bill [that reforms the regents] 
through?" she said 

Turner added that ACA II 
would serve to diversify the board 
because "the Assembly is more 
willing to rake people over the 
coals." 

UCSAExecutiveDirector Andy 
Shaw said that the UCSA supports 
the Campbell amendment but that 
the UCSA "wanted a lot more." 

"[Campbell] simply believes 
there is no way we'll get [ACA 20] 
passed," he said. 

Cabaldon said that it is likely 
thatACA 11 and 20 will be merged 
into a joint amendment at some 
point. 

Both amendments were referred 
to the Assembly Committee on 
Elections and Reapportionment. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD-TV: 
Grpup seeks student 
involvement at station 
ContInued 110m .... 1 
to learn in it," she said. 

UCSD-TV also hopes to diver-
sify the ethnic make up of the sta-
tion. 

"Right now, there are no people 
of color on the [1(3500 Program-
ming Advisory Panel]," VA gradu-
ate student and UCSD-TV member 
Eloise DeLeon said. "We'd like to 
see the board become more accu-
rately representative of the univer-
sitycommunity,perltapshavingthe 
entire station begin an affirmative 
action program to actively recruit 
people of color." . 

RepresentativesofK35DG indi-
cated that they are receptive to many 
of UCSD-TV's proposals. 

"The philosophy of the station is 
to bring the total of the university 
into the community," said K3500 
ProgranuningAdvisory Panel mem-
ber and Media Center Director 
Sherman George. "When students 
meetthatprogrammingphilosophy, 
I'm sure they'll get aired. 

"In the long run, six months to a 
year from now, we will be including 
student-produced and faculty-pro-
duced programming," he added. 
.-Associate Vice Chancellor of 

Extension StudiesarKl K3500 Gen-
eral Manager M8I)' Walshok, in an 
electronic mail message, said that 
the station does not currently have 
guidelines for including student and 
community productions. 

"K35DG has no special policy 
favoring student work," Walshok 
said "We also have no special policy 
favoring faculty work, freelance 
productions orconventional sources 
of programming such as the 
Ahnenberg Project [a national orga-
nization that funds public televi-
sion]. The only criteria we utilize at 
this time is the quality and fit of the 
prospective progranuning with the 
mission of K3500." 

UCSD-TV members will meet 
with Walshok on June I to discuss 
the details of their plan. 

MembersofUCSD-TV stressed 
that their goal was not to replace the 
present structure of K35DG, but to 
make it more accessible to students 
and more reflective of the cultural 
diversity of the campus commu-

Thursday, May 20, 1993 

nity. 
"The station's bylaws mandate 

that it show work that is of interestto 
the entire broadcast area." Halleck 
said. "But even more importantly, 
we have an opportunity here to show 
alf oTSan Diego what UC students 
are capable of. This is an opportu-
nity that could benefit the school, 
the station, the students, the com-
munity, everyone." 

UCSD-TV members reaffinned 
their commitment to cooperate with 
the management ofK35oo. 

"Basically, what we'd be doing 
is putting a structure in place that 
would assist K3500 in getting stu-
dent and community programming 
on the air, rather than the station 
having to find it and select it without 
help," Bemsdorf said. "We want to 
supplement their current program-
ming, not replace it." 

"UCSD-TV is doing our school 
an important service," Halleck said. 
They're setting up a mechanism to 
get student-produce.d video on 
K35DG. They're also helping the 
station fulfill its stated mission by 
helping provide culturally diverse 
programming that better reflects the 
local community." 

Save 10% on our 
vacation Sl1ots. 

Daytona Beach it ain't. But stopping at Shurgard on 
your way home this summer is a lot more fun than hauling 
your bundt cake pans and limegreen Barcalounger all over 
the country and back. Plus with the 10 percent student 
discount, you get to see for yourself how higher mathematics 
can indeed be applied to real life situations. 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • MAY 20, 1 993 

The New Yon· 
based bMcI Blues 
Traveler is: Chan 
KInchIa, Bobby 
Sheehan, John 
Popper and 
Brendan H •• 

Blues Traveler and 
Gin Blossoms will 

headline the annool 
concert in the Price 

Center Plaza 

with the ' Sun 
free evening concert to-
morrow night in the Price 
Center Plaza will be the 
highlight of the annual 
Sun God Festival, Al-
though the bands -
Blues Traveler, Gin Blos-

soms and Blacksmith Union-
do not provide a complete cross-

.4 LEX.t J. S II E " II .4 I'i 
Senior Staff Wriler 

Blues Traveler!s tendency to 
play its songs as one long jam 
session ( captured incredibly well 
on its new album Save His Soul) 

section of the contemporary ' and its increasing cult-like sta-
music scene, tomorrow's per- tus has led many to compare the 
fonners are known for the qual- band to great road acts such as 
ity and vibrance of their live The Grateful Dead and Phish. 
shows, See SUN, page H2 

MRIOEVILLE GALLERY HRT REVIEW: U3 OIU JU fiLM REVIEW: us 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20, 1993 

UP C OM II G 
black and white photographs of 
native peoples from places such 
as Mexico, Peru and Guatemala. 
The museum is open daily from 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is 
$3. Info: 239-5262. 

TOO A Y 
Clint Eastwood's Academy 
Award-winning Wild West epic 
Unfol'P'en plays at the Price 
Center Theatre at 6:30, 9 and 
11 :30 p.m. Tickets are $2. Info: 
534-6467. 

FRIDAY 
Steppenwolf steps out of the 
grave at 9: 15 p.rn. to play with 
Comanche Moon at the 
Belly Up Tavern. Tickets are 
$15. Info: 481 -8140. 

Heavy metal bands Flotsam 
and Jetsam, Damn the 
MacNne and KIIqpnother 
play at Iguanas in Tijuana at 
8:30 p.m. Tickets are $12. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

The Annual S ... God F_tI-
val returns with bands playing 
at the Price Center. Scheduled 
to appear are Gin Blossoms, 
Blacksmith Union and 
Blues Trav ...... The concert 
begins at 7 :30 p.m. The event is 
free but you need a student ID to 
get in and can bring one guest. 
Info: 534-4450. 

Local bands Amlnlature, 
Wei Strunc to Hanc and 
DeadboIt play at Bodie's in 
downtown San Diego. Info: 
236-8988. 

SRTURDAY 
The U ..... SJIIIIIhony and 
Chorus will perform 
Beethoven, Tchaikovsky and a 
debut symphony by former 
UCSD student ChajaCzemowin 
in Mandeville Auditorium. Th0-
mas Nee conducts. Tickets are 
$5 for students. Info: 534-4637. 

Kicked out of the Price Center 
for being drunk? See Blues 
Trav ..... at Iguanas in Tijuana 
at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $17. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Fh*I, with special guests 
Po.ter ChIdI .. and Over-
......... Colorfast play at 
Dream Street in Ocean Beach at 
8 :30 p.m. Tickets are $10. Info: 
222-8131. 

SUIDRY 
Noriko TsuboPsJapanese 
koto students perform in 
Erickson Hall at 3 p.m. Tickets 
are $3. Info: 534-8226. 

M 0 1·0 R Y 
Beer and bebop are the focus of 

the evening at Porter's Pub as the 
weekly Free Jazz ..... con-
tinues from 8-11 p.m. Info: 587-
4828. 

TUESDAY 
The American premiere of 
French director Claude 
Lelouche's L118eIe m.fD/re 
plays in Mandeville Auditorium 
as part of the International Sty Ie 
Film Festival. Thefilmstartsat8 
p.m. and tickets for students are 
$4. Info: 534-0497. 

WEDIESDRY 
UCSD faculty member Aleck 
kIs will present a piano re-
cital of wOlts by Stravinsky and 
John Cage in Warren College 
Lecture Hall, Studio A at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $5 for students. Info: 
534-5404. 

Yet another resuscitated '70s 
band, the Alman Brothers 
Band plays with the Jeff 
Healey Band at the Starlight 
Bowl in Balboa Park at 7:30 
p.m. Tickets are $31.50 or $23. 
Info: 570-1212. 

SUN: Latest Blues Traveler release is its best 
Continued from pap HI 
However, Traveler's sound is actu-
ally more similar to the blues rock of 
bands like Living Colour. 

Drummer Brendan Hill recently 
discussed Blues Traveler's develop-
ment since its debut album in 1990. 
"From an early age we were not 
dependent on much else besides our-
selves and our ability to play music, 
so that was our bread and butter," 
Hill said. 

"We're very much a live band; 
records were kind of secondary for 
us in the beginning. It was a goal of 
ours to be signed, of course, because 
that 's how you reach new fans. The 
fi rst two albums were finding our 
legs, and I think with this one we've 
found out how to make a record flow 
smoothly, and I think it's our best 
album yet." 

In reference to their live perfor-
mances' Hill said, "We playa lot of 

music from alJ three albums, as well 
as many songs that aren' t on any 
album. We enjoy the freedom of not 
playing the same set every night, 
which a lot of bands get sucked into, 
so a lot of people do come and see us 
more than once. We segue into songs 
and experiment a lot live." 

Hill said that although band mem-
bers have received some criticism 
for copying the standard blues sound, 

See SUN, page H7 

THERTER 
..... W .... Forum:This 
year's undergraduate production 
entitled "Ellen U ni verse Joins the 
Band," is a multi-cultural play, 
which runs through May 23. Per-
formances today and Friday are at 
8 p.m., Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 7 p.rn. Info: 534-
4574. 

~ Theatre: "The 
Unseen Hand," by Sam Shepard, 
runs through May 23 at the Hahn 
Cosmopolitan Theatre in the 
Gaslamp District. Shows are 
Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m., 
Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. and 
Sundays at 2 p.m: Tickets for 
students are $10-13. Info: 234-
9853. 

GRLLERIES 
M ........ of PhotographIc 
Arts: "AorGarduiio: Witnesses 
of Time" is an exhibition of 100 

tures selected work of this Brit-
ish artist. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sun-
day. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2860. 

M.ndev. Annex G •• ry: 
"A Group Undergraduate Spring 
Show" will open May 24 and 
continue through May 28. Info: 
534-2860. 

GroveG.llry:"VerdictL.A.," 
an exhibition focusing on the ri-
ots in Los Angeles, will run 
through June 5. Gallery hours are 
Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. and Saturday from 10 
a.m. to 2 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-2021. 

5pImIsh VllapG.ll!lry 21: 
"Photography from a Woman's 
PointofView" opens May 15and 
runs through May 30. Gallery 
hours are II a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. 
Info: 579-0954. 

Central Library: Original 
drawings and special objects from 
the "Dr. Seuss Collection" go on 
display May 24 on the library's 
main floor. Exhibition hours will 
coincide with library hours. Info: 
534-3339. 

Photo COUIIesy of Jay BIaJcesbergIMM Reoo<ds 
GIn BIouom. hIIYe a hit with the 10I'III "Hey JuIousy." 

MeAT 
90'1'0 OF THE STUDENTS 

WE'v.E HELPED ARE 
TN MEDICAL SCHOOL 

CALL QR WRITE: MCAAT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 

ADVANCEMENT AND 
TRAINING 

4500 CAMPUS DRIVE, #225 
NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92660 

(714) 476-3027 
WEEKEND COURSE: % hours, July 10 - Aug. 28 • $360 
3 WEEK COURSE: 178 hours, July 25 - Aug. 14 $450 

5 WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July ~8 - Aug. 21 $650 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: 313"hQurs, July 12 -Aug. 27. $2,000 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General , Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

R rl4.o;rd, frillld(' nt"fl1p1~·rt ' Mtlllbtr ADA. COA, SIJCI)S 

LA 'OLLA VlUAGE PROFESSIONAL CEmu 
1950 VILLA LA 'OLLA DL, SUITE 2103 
TI, Fill', JlIlt btl,ill; tht f lt/IMllt lid' 

558-3490 
fm,i"lfI &- Snturda, 

A,,.iH";;tnN AMi/alii. 

Thursday, May 20,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Bmng rlrt and Politics 

Works by 
British activist 

and artist 
Conrad 

Atkinson are on 
display in 

Mandeville 
Gallery 

W hen an allist juxtaposes two fields which nor-mally oppose one an-
other, an interesting and 

novel creation often results. British 
anistConrad Atkinson is well-known 
for his innovative style incorporat-
ing the worlds of art and politics. His 
exhibit, "Conrad Atkinson: Selected 
Works" is currently on display in the 
MandevilleGallery . 

As both an artist and activist, 
Atkinson concentrates on the con-
nection between aesthetic, philo-
sophical and ideological theories. 
His work is an attempt to deduce the 
practical effects these ideas have on 
the world. 

Throughout the last 20 years, 
Atkinson has exhibited his work in 
Britain, the United States, Australia, 
Russia and throughout Western Eu-
rope. Using various medIums such 
as painting, sculpture and print, his 
art has appeared everywhere from 
London Underground stations and 
the sides of buses to major popular 
museums. 

With a tenacious focus on society 
and culture, Atkinson's work targets 
major issues of our time, such as the 
dominance and manipulation of mass 
media, consumerism, the elitism of 
high culture and the deterioration of 
civil rights. 

In his current exhibit, Atkinson 
utilizes popular iconic images com-
monly disseminated by all types of 
media. By focusing on journalism 
and sports heroes, he presents his 
satirical view of the gap between 
politics and aesthetics. 

The majority of the exhibit con-
tainsmock versions of the front pages 
of English, French and U.S. newspa-
pers. He alters the newspaper name 
and various sections of tellt by paint-
ing with acrylic oil pastel over the 
newsprint and handwriting in his 
own messages. 

In "The W~I Street Collapse," 
Atkinson creates a series of manipu-
lated or fictitious publications upon 
which he writes, "Capitalism has 
collapsed.communism has collapsed 
[and now] we can all concentrate on 
aesthetics. " 

Following this transformation 
from politics to aesthetics, he also 
replaces caricatures of world leaders 
with artists and musicians who then 
become the referees of supremacy 
and judgement. 

Another work displaying similar 
cynicism is "The AZr Street Jour-
nal ." On this front page replica, 
Atkinson draws a direct correlation 
between infectious diseases and p0-
litical and cultural values. 

He writes phrases such as "inter-

Atthl 
aJ !ht 

illl tkM Itd.~ I 
}or;t If " 

11/ I' ( 
~<itM 
.. . 

esting ideologies created from vi-
ruses" to demonstrate how illnesses 
have spread and contaminated the 
mentality of so many people. For 
him, these illnesses are culturally 
produced and perpetuated by the 
hegemonic influences of the media 
and other powerful stratifications. 

Atkinson's personalJy-designed 
front page of a section of the London 
newspaper, The Guardian, is an-
other highlight. He titles the page 
"The Daily Consumernica," and em-
phasizes his overriding theme of the 
conflict artists have with political 
figures and issues. 

Headlines read "Michelangelo 
Questions Western Priorities On 
Famine Relief And Cash Cropping 
In Third World" and "Reagan Tax 
Plan At Odds With Divine Spirit 
Alleges William Blake," recapitu-
1ating Atkinson's simultaneous dis-
satisfaction with the political system 
and wistfulness for more artistic in-
fluences. 

Three large cloth hangings of dig i-
tized laser jet acrylic on linen and 
two long parallel carpets are also 
part of this eclectic installation. The 
linen pieces reveal three identical 
photographic images of a football 
player in complete uniform with the 
words "culture," "art" and "theory" 
written on his pants. 

Titles such as "The Search For a 

Conrad Atkinson'. 
"Front PIp 
Abstract Expresh 
Style RIdcIe" 
(above) and Wfhe 
VIIIp VofI:AI' 
(left) ... two 
pieces which 
teata.. In...",allve 
......... for 
tabloid 
newspIIP8I'S. 

Qass And Gender Free Context Ob-
sesses Me Constantly," touch on the 
issue of politics in sports. 

The carpets, titled "Equals," to-
gethercreatean "equals sign," which 
relates to individual and cultura1 iden-
tities. Atkinson draws parallels be-
tween the situations of'Asians who 
now live in a particular region around 
HaJifax, England and the immigrants 
who lived thereduringthe nineteenth 
century. He views culturaJ circum-
stances from regional, national and 
global perspectives. 

Atkinson ellpresses an overall 
concern about the world around him. 
He appears to bedcdicatcd to change 
by offering a more artistic way of 
life. 

Through works which offer con-
troversial views, he attempts to elu-
cidate the faults and ineffectiveness 
of our present world. 

As Atkinson humbly says in the 
emibit brochure, "The thing I try to 
do is to render visible the invisible 
things which control the way we see 
things." 

"Conrad Atkinson: Selected 
Works" is on display in the 
MandevilleGallerythroughJune 13. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m., 
Tuesday through Sunday. Admis-
sion is free. For more information, 
call 534-2~6O. 

HIATUS 3 

eomlnJ.ual.u. dial! and 230<4 dafon 

Invites Youl 
With this limited Invitation you shall receive: 

• Professional Hair • Clarifying Conditioning Consultation Treatment 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style • Eyebrow I Eyelash Tinting 
• Haircut, Shampoo & Style • Eyebrow Waxing for Friend 

• Extra Shampoo & Style 
• HK Protein Deep • Complete Manicure Reconstructor 

Scalp Massage • French Braid • 
• 3 Tanning Sessions 

FOR ONLY 

$4499 
Regular Value $404" 

Call Progressive Marketing 483·2512 

...---G RAN D 0 PEN I N G 1----. 
Costa o/enfe tJJentistrg 
~ ~$2900 ~ EXAM, 

"" CLEANING Be 
/ X-RAYS (bitewing) 

ONE nME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 

• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
• Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

La Jo II Q 1110 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_0.. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 

a 

! 
J 

We accept most Insurance plans and major credit cards 

1007 Gamet Avenue • Pacific Beach San Diego • 273·6209 



HIATUS 4 

EIIARON WIIlJAM TOM 
STONE BAlDWIN BERENGER 

YOU LIKE TO WATCH DON'T YOU 

. Paramoont Pidares ....... Robm ham,.... Sharon StODt' 
WiUiam Baldwin 10m Bel't~ter SUVER Martin Landau 

':;Honnl Shore ...=run StxtOD "":W'illiam J. Macdonald 
~Riehard Frands-Brnct p= Paul S~·1btrt ,e-":\ilmos Zsigmood! lie. 

;,;: Hourd \\ Koth. Jr. III JOt [sztrmas .. :.1: Ira Lr\in 
""'"'tLot Eszterbas ~Robtrt [\'ans '1P.h~6p \o~'f(' ft ..... IRI L ""!II!. .~ p~, CoMuniratioDi c..pon. . ~ -&Ir~-==- ",.j"'Qtlll"'-~""'~ ~ I i 

. 

STARTS FRIDAY 
P.c:--.._.~ 

.1 SWl'tW1t T C SrIOO Ctr 
.. 805 . tSwee,w,te< ,(1.·8571 

.. ~I=r:' 
8555 F~cner ~~ . 1.-:s.SCO 

A66-WO' P._--1-8 AT S'*UTI v,.y 
"'kSlCnValirey 297·t188 

AIIC _un. VILUI •• 
962~ MIsSIon Gape Flo 

562791C 

__ u-,-•• 
694, El ComroAM CMIsooo 

. 3l-&9C 

--_ ..... 8n8 Mw. Mesa&\ :: 
56&1912 

._----.-EICa!TW'IO R"ilatOel Ma· .;gr. ~ Rc 
~\f"lo'259~1: 

...nD_n~OMPUZA 
I'wo 1en.ce""" ........ : 

234·oa;· 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-t am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

II==' : .. t:&INO'S 
0. ~ 
,..~ 

--~ 

--_. 
n7.aa.m..oop .... C 'B5-B6-0 ' 

-~--. 3350~s~eM9Nc: 22:3 S3JJ 
__ V.TO_anL 

4525 ~~ JoU, v~ 0- ' 52 776( 
-_ .... 

345CCotteQe A.ve ' 1 G.~eg.: 
229.Q5f -

.0000 •• v_ ...... 
2'170CQtO'\aOOA" • ...-g Bc:r 

' 23212" 

The UCSD Gdardiao 

Sting 
Ten Sumnwners 

Tales 
AMI ...... 

Don't be surprised if this album 
sounds awfully familiar. Sting may 
be taking a more lightheaned ap-
proach on Ten Summoner's Tales, 
but there isn't anything here that we 
haven't heard on The Soul Cages or 
. . NotlUng Like the Sun. Granted, 
the country twang of "Love is Stron-
ger than Justice (The Munificent 
Seven)" represents a new direction, 
but Sting is essentially reworking 
the saIt1e jazz-inflccted rock tunes 
about love and religious doubts. 

The first single "If I Ever Lose 
My Faith in You" represents Sting's 
newfound satisfaction with his mar-
riage and his family. The song 
"Heavy Ooud No Rain" is an at-
temptathurnorabouttheunpredict-
able weather, but the story of a 
confused farmer is not much differ-
ent from the dry humorof"English-
man in New York." 

Sting even seems conscious of 
his repetition compUlsion. He in-
cludes the already well-known Le-
thal Weapon II hit "It's Probably 
Me" on this album, and he closes the 
song "Seven Days" with lines from 
a Police song. The track "She's Too . 
Good for Me" is funny only because 
the track is about a woman who 
finds Sting too much of a rebel. 
With Sting's penchant for light New 
Age material, it is pretty hard to see 
any rebelliousness in his music. 

-JeffN ..... 

Thunday, May 20,1993 

Sand Rubies 
Sand Rubies 

Sand Rubies not only represents 
a name change forthe Tucson-based 
Sidewinders; the album also fea-

that's been co-opted in the interests 
oftourism and big business. "Your 
Life Story" is also a poignant indict-

tures some big-name 
producers such as 
Waddy Wachtel and 
Heartbreaker Mike 
Campbell. The group, 
which helped develop 
the Southwest sound 
with its 1989 album, 
Witchdoctor, has cre-

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ment of someone who 

ated some real gems for its self-
titled release. 

The first three songs are all top-
notch. The opening track "Goodbye" 
is about the frustration and despair 
of a break-up, and it has a good 
balance of both tender and frantic 
moments. "Santa Maria Street" 
showcases vocalist David Slutes' 
talent - he sounds like R.E.M's 
Michael Stipe as he evokes the sen-
timent attached to a streetcomer 

lives as if he or she were 
acting out a role in an 
adventure film. The 
Campbell-produced 
"Guns in theChurehyard" 
is brilliant, and the use of 
the bouzouki and man-
dolin gives the song mu-

sical depth to accompany its soul-
searching tone . 

The harder-edged songs on Sand 
Rubies are less successful. 
"Drugged," "Hit the Breaks (At the 
Pearly Gates)"and the Neil Young-
penned "Interstate" meander with 
overlong solos by guitarist Rich 
Hopkins. Nevertheless, Sand Ru-
bies shows that Hopkins and Stutes 
are developing into a talented duo. 

-Jeff NIMeI 

AnENTION GRADUATE STUDENTS: 
POSITION STATEMENT ON GSA BALLOT 
All GSA memhus should be now be in receipt of the GSA 1993 Ballot and Survey. Please take 
five minutes to complete the survey so that the GSA can more effectively represent you . /t was 
decided by the GSA Council that 1, as President of our organization. should draft a GSA 
position statement on the ballot. 
I. GSA ACTIVITY FEE INCREASE: I believe that a $5.00 fee increase would be necessary 
to ensure that we have sufficient funds to cover all our needs. i.e., increased costs. obtaining 
'lIutonomy from the administration. employing the President, and fully equipping our office (we 
could do with a fax and a photo-copier, and our computer equipment is on its last legs)_ A $2 
increase would cover the basics but we would probably not be able to make the President's 
position paid. I'd like to see 55 approved but would be pleased II we got $3. 
m. GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOCIATION RIGHTS: (1- YES) A right to vote would 
give some reason for silting on committees. (2 - UCSD GRAD STUDENTS) It is my position, 
and I have made this known repeatedly to the administration. that the officers of the GSA are 
answerable solely to the GSA Council which, in tum, is accountable to the graduate student 
body. (3 - YES) I believe paying the president is absolutely essential if grads are to have the 
capacity to run for office. My own experience is that I could not do the job effectively even 
though my academic work was suffering due to lack of time. Then I had the added flUJlration of 
complaints from my department. Past Presidents have had a similar experience. (4 - YES) When 
I arrived here from Ireland I could not believe that the administration held that graduate students 
could not be trusted to handle our own affairs. Although this is an insult, it is not, in my view, 
the real reason. The admin knows that once they control our money they control us. Gening 
control over our money, therefore. is absolutely crucial. (S - YES) Same again! 
IV. UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD: (1- NO) The GSA's position on the UCB was totally 
ignored by Joe Watson. We did not even get the courtesy of a phone call. I learned about the 
disestablishment from the Guardian, even though I represent a constituency who directly fund 
that board to the tune of about $337,000 per year. What is this but contempt? (2 - YES) The 
bottom line must be this: if we are going to totally fund these facilities then we have a right to a 
degree of control over the way they are used and to whom the space is granted. (3 - YES) 
Obviously! (4 - YES). (5 - YES). (6 - YES). 

LJCSD's KILLER DEAL LCSD's PARTY FEAST V. GRADUATE STUDENT HOUSING: (1. NO) I believe this scheme for differential rent for students living in exactly the same housing is unfair. uncalled for. and a precedent for the 
development of a complex tiered system through which students who have not yet arrived will 
be ripped off. 

I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 
: FORONLY $13?? : ~ndA6·PACKOFCOKEm I 
: !~s:~!~m~!~ III CFAo:L:~Y $l'l?? ! 
I - - opoc:iII- 0Id0ring'1I I I CALL US! • . I 452·UCSD II I 

L~~~~~ ____ ~~~L~~~~ ___ ~_~ 
~-..,- .. --

__ .... 00. 

VI. GRADUATE STUDENT HEALTH INSURANCE: (1- neutral) 
va RIMAC: (1 • NO) Graduate students have consislently made it clear that we do not want 
RIMAe and we cenainly cannot afford it--ilt present the administration intends to suck another 
$630,000 per year out of grads to pay for this facility (about $3.5 million if we include 
undergrads), and this whil~ they simultaneously plan to eliminate the Dept. of Physical 
Educjltion! 
vm. SERVICES: (1- NO) We believe that sanitary services for women on this campus should 
be looked upon as a basic necessity and a basic health/hygiene requirement. (2 • NO) Recycling 
services at UCSD are pitiful and we must demand better from a higher education institution. 

Patrick Carroll, Presicknt 
PS. "'-....... ror lint ,,-' • .man ............. uatl our lint --. (M8,l5, ."3). 

Thursday, May 20,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

The Story of Qin .In 
T he greatest surprise of The Story of Qiu Ju, the latest film by China' s most renowned film director Zhang 
Yimou, is its stanling and beneficial change 
in direction from the Yimou 's previous work. 
Both of his two recent past 
projects, Ju Dou and Raise the 

the couple's allotted land, Qiu Ju (Gong Li) 
demands an explanation or apology from the 
chief. Qiu Ju 's attempts to obtain an answer 
destroy the stereotype of the passive Chinese 
woman. Nearing the ninth month of preg-

nancy, she travels long distances 
under hazardous conditions and 

Red Lantern, drowned in their 
attempts to comment on Chinese 
society because of the director's 
overemphasis on visual aspects. 

However, The StOlY ofQiuJu 
represents a new effon to expose 
the arbitrary rule of Chinese Com-

rtlYIE 
kE11EI 

confronts multiple levels of bu-
reaucracy, all in the pursuit of jus-
tice. 

Unfonunately, the lack of mo-
mentum that results from the re-
petitive nature of a story about a 
woman's appeal to village, district 
and finally city officials is exhaust-munism by focusing predomi-

nantly on the story itself. The two-time Acad-
emy Award-nominee creates more than at-
tractive aesthetics and permits the audienceto 
act as voyeur to the everyday life of the 
Chinese peasant. 

The Story of Qiu Ju relates the tale of a 
frustrated wife's efforts to achieve justice for 
a wrong inflicted on her husband. After Qiu 
Ju 's husband is kicked "where it counts" by 
the village chief in a dispute over the use of 

ing at times. Only Zhang Yimou' s documen-
tary-style directing rescues the film from 
these slow moments. The director presents 
some wonderful scenes that capture the es-
sence and variety of the Chinese people by 
allowing a hidden camera to qiuetly record 
the daily street scenes in each ofQiuJu 's new 
destinations. 

These elements of nco-realistic style foot-
age are cleverly brought together with the use 

WORLD TRAVELERS!! 
We carry electronics that are 

compatible anywhere in the world. 

NTSC 
PAL 
SE-CAM 

EL 

AUDIO 
VIDEO 

TV 
TAPE-

TRANSFERING 

5201 LINDA VISTA ROAD 1'0' • SAN DIEeo. CA 92" 0 
(619) 220- 0673 • FAX (619) 220- 0683 

Townhomes , apts, shacks,condo 
hell,mansions, pads, duplexes, flats, 
treeforts. P.B., roommates, sublets. 
anklets. condos. summer leases. 
reeces pieces. for rent, roommate 
wanted, 3 bed. utilities, Del Mar, P.S. 
only 4 Guardians left! 

SEEPAGE 13 
SCRIPPS VIES.\ STORAGE 

Mo:~~FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Self Service storage at lowest rates 5 I 6 -120 
Wit" UCSD /D. No stc/uiry deposit, no adm.fee 5 I 7· 22 

,--------------, $401$44 Total rtntJor 3 months I OUTDOOR CAR STORAGE AVAILABLE I 1780 CANDIDA IT.-
Pay for 2 moruhs, get the 
3rd MONTH FREE 
9780 Candida St. 566-3881 

of many non-professional actors and less-
than-glamorous costumes, which place the 
focus of the film on the humorous anecdotes 
that arise from the clashing cultures of urban 
and rural societies. Also, the arbitrary and 
often absurd workings of the Chinese govem-

HIATUS 5 

ment depicted in this charming yet ironic tale 
are both fascinating and amusing. 

The StoryofQiuJu opens tomorrow at the 
Hillcrest Cinemas in Hillcrest. Call 299-2 100 
for more infonnation. 



HlAnJS 6 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, May 20,1993 

A.S"£JCSI> P:R.ESE:N"TS 

The Sun God Festival 
lVIay 21, 

Celebration bepsi· 
1993 

. :':. .... :' 
.... : 

Game & Food Booths· 
Live Entertainment 

Gyroscope 
Velcro Wall 
Concert at 7 :30 - Featuring: 
The Blues Traveler 

The Gin Blossoms 
Blacksmith Union 

(don't forget to bring your student ID) 

:~am 
"~;< ~: . 

_PC»:I1_c»:r .. cS by: 

SATlRN!w ~4 
.. ~. ~~~~--

ON CAMPUS I 
How To Cram For Summer 

Rent Now And Get 4 Months 
For The Price Of 3 * 

It's amazing how much stuff you can cram into one Public Storage rental space for the summer. 
It's even more amazing how little you'll pay. We have lots of private spaces in many convenient 
sizes at affordable monthly rates. Sholl' your Student ID and get 4 months for the price of 3.. 

m! PUBLIC 
IIISTORAGE8 
RENTAL SPACES 

• Furniture, sports equipment 
• Household goods, books 
• Business storage, too 
• Temporary or long term 

------------ With This Coupon - '\-----------
Rent Now And Get 4 Months For The Price Of 3!* 

Just Show Your Student ID 
~--------~--~ SO~NTO 

• 11303 Sorrento Valley Road 
2 Blocks North of Union Bank 

Sorrento Valley Road & Sorrento Valley Blvd. 
453·6100 

~PUBUC 
III 110RABE' 
RENTAL SPACES 

• Subj<n 10 ... iI.hility on ICltntd siza. Limit 011< ."",t pa customtT. N ........ Is only. Docs not inchldt oppIi<.lble dcposiu '" (ca. 
Off .. apim Jon< 30, 1993. UCSD93 L ___________________ ~ ___________ ~ 

"BAD POLITICIANS ARE 
ELECTED BY GOOD PEOPLE 

WHO DON'T VOTE." 
William E. Simon 

Nominations are open for the 

1993-94 GRADUATE STUDENT 
ASSOCIATION OFFICERS 

Nominations will close on May 25th 
during the GSA Council Meeting 

Offices open for nomination include: 
PRESIDENT 

VICE-PRESIDENT INTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT EXTERNAL 
VICE-PRESIDENT FINANCE 

Elections will be held during the May 25th meeting in the Student 
Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 6 p.m. 

All candidates will give a three minute speech. 
Job descriptions are available from the GSA Office in the Student 

Center or call 534-6504 for further information. 
All currently enrolled grad students are encouraged to participate. 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD: TELL 
YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TO VOTEI 

With a huge variety of college-town services like 
Kinkos, Bank of America, Dean~s 50 Minute Photo .. - .......... 
and Sav-On Drugs, to entertainment and fun from 
places like Sports 2001, TGIFridays, Music Plus 
and Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village has got you 
covered. So whether you're cramming for time or 
just need a study break, stop on by. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

1 · 5 

Thursday, May 20,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

SUN: The Gin r-------------, 
Blossoms' 
debut album 
shows talent 
Continued from ..... H2 
thei r reinterpretation of the old clas-
sics possesses originality. " I think, 
lyrically, every song you write is [a 
product I from the time that it is 
written:' he said. 

"There are different attitudes, 
playing styles and influences. You 
do backtrack a little bit, but you take 
a new path. What is now rock 'n' 
roll all began with the blues, and it 
has been developing ever since." 

"We 'reson oftributing the blues. 
All music comes from the heart and 
soul, which is what blues is: the 
painful cry of someone who has lost 
something. The blues isn ' t lost now," 
he added. 

The Gin Blossoms, the 91 X fla-
vor-of-the-month, will precede 
Blues Traveler with its own brand 
of alternative-pop. If you missed its 
recent gig at the Belly Up Tavem, 
you should catch tile band's perfor-
mance tomorrow night. 

For a fairly new band, this Ari-
zona quintet offers an extremely 
refined live show. In a recent inter-
view, bassistBilI Leen said, "We've 
got the energy onstage. We really 
have the whole performance thing 
down." 

Leen said that the band's songs 
transfer well from its debut album, 
New Miserable Experience, to the 
stage because, "When we record 
our songs, we try not to use so many 
effects that we won 'I be able to play 
them live. We're definitely a live 
band." 

The Gin Blossoms' sound is an 
amalgamation of a variety of styles, 
from the Smithereens to the Steve 
Miller Band to the Judybats. Lead 
singer Robin Wilson's vocals evoke 
a son of decongested Michael Stipe, 
and the guitars of Jesse Valenzuela 
and Scott Johnson jangle in true 
altemative-rock abandon. 

The Gin Blossoms will definitely 
put on an impeccable Ii ve show and 
yes, it will play its hit, "Hey Jeal-
ousy ," along with a lot of other great 
rock tunes and a little bit of country 
to bool. 

Opening the concen is local an-
ist and UCSD favorite Blacksmith 
Union. ThesetwiUfeaturetheband's 
newer material from its second al-
bum, Magic Maggie Healing Dol/. 

Blacksmith Union's sound has 
been compared to everyone from 
U2 to Pearl Jam. The band always 
puts on a great live show which 
e~ompasses its brooding, sensitive 
sound as well as its harder-edged 
rock tunes. Get there early ,as Black-
smith Union kicks off its set at 7:30 
p.m. 

Advertise 
in the 

Guardian 
For more 

information, 
call 534-3466 

UCSD Theatre 1992·93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Spring Productions 

Ellen Universe 
Joins the Band 
by David Rush 
A memory play of a 
young woman searching for 
the meaning of life 
May 19-21 at 8pm 
May 22 at 2pm & 8pm 
May 23 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

SPRING DANCE 
FESTIVAL 
student choreographed and perfonned 
May 29-30 at 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

TWKETS ARE $6.00 
FOR STl :I>ENTS. 

( 'ALL SJ.t-.nl).~ 
FOR .\1()IU: IN FORl\lATlO:'ll. 

• • ~ 

----. 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

I 
, - . . - • • ~. I ~ I _. - ~ I _ • ~ I 

• 
, I 

• -
I • 
--

tdSSISSlh · .,: 
lfOONLIGJP :. 

.' 

Warren College .. • 
Semi-fonnal I .. • 

May 27,1993 , .. 
8:00-11:00 ... • 

TIx on sale now I 
• 

at the Price , 
Center box office, • • 

only $10! ., A. 
... I 
... ,-

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
Choose from two sessions: 
June 28-June 30 or 
August 2-September 3. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department 
will be offered, Catalogs are 
avadable now. For your free copy, 
drop by the Sllnmar Session Office, 
UCSD Extension Complex, B .. 1ding 
A, Monday through Friday, 
8 a.m. -4:30 p.m., or phone 
534-4364. 

HIATUS 7 

ATTENTION UeSD GRADSI 
Welve Gol A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175. 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

s 
VS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES $99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH 
"-____ M·SAT. 11 ·6:30. 222-0220 ____ --I 

Eam • to 15 units this summer 

atSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin throughout the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parking congeslion 

Register by mall now, or In pit,son 
beginning May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 am - 4:30 pm 
Monda, - Friday 

Call SDSU 
Summer Sessions, 

594·5152 
for InfOl'lNltion or to 
have a free catalog 

mailed to you! 



HIATUS 8 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Take two of these ... 

Dr. Martens 'Gibson' 
You make the call-we think you 'll find they're just what the Doctor ordered. 

Shown , just a sampling of our extensive Dr. Martens collection . 'Gibson' oxford and 
8-eye boot, with Dr. Martens' unique Air Wair insole air cushioning, durable outsoles 
and water-resistant leather uppers. For men, in black or burgundy, whole sizes 7-13m. 

In MEN'S SHOES. For women, in black, whole sizes 5 -lOm. North County Fair and 
Fashion Valley, in BRASS PLUM SHOES; University Towne Centre and Horton Plaza, 

in WOMEN 'S SHOES. 

Univershy Towne Centre. i57-i575 ; Horton Plaza , 239.1700; Fashion Vallcy. 295-HH; North County Fair. 7iO-Ol70. 

Thursday, May 20,1993 Thursday, May 20, 1993 

BERKELEY: 
Student government 
is being reevaluated 
ContInued from page 1 
Dean of Student Life Francisco 
Hernandez was formed at the re-
quest of Ihe chancellor's offite in 
March, according to Kenney, who 
is also a committee member. 

The ASUC has enjoyed relative 
autonomy since its inception in 1887, 
holding decision-making power for 
all ASUC business and organiza-
tional operations. "[ASUC Presi-
dent] Margaret Fortune is basically 
the CEO of a $17 million corpora-
tion," Kenney said. 

Hemandez said he did not think 
the evaluation raises questions over 
the ASUC's autonomy. Kenney 
agreed, noting, "Our interest is in 
the ASUC remaining a viable orga-
nization. We fully intend to have 
student government on this cam-
pus." 

However, ASUC External Vice 
President Greg Lewis said he sees 
the evaluation as "very clearly a 
threat." 

Lewis accused the university 
administration of attacking students' 
ability to organize'''for a variety of 

political reasons and from several 
fronts." As a result, Lewis said, stu-
dent leaders have been forced to 
spend time fighting the university 
rather than working on student is-
sues. 

UCB's evaluation of the ASUC 
comes at a time when autonomy of 
student govemment bodies is an 
issue at UCSD, following conflicts 
over the CCHJpS. the disbanding of 
the University Center Board and an 
annual $270 student fee for building 
the RlMAC sports facility. 

According to Kenney, the object 
of the committee's greatest fiscal 
concern is the management of the 
ASUC bookstore, which has been 
forced by losses to take out a second 
line of credil. The bookstore has 
until July I to show a profit in order 
to extend its loan. 

The committee will also look at 
"all aspects of ASUC operations, 
including personnel, contracts, busi-
nesses and physical plant," Kenney 
said. 

University officials are con-
cemed that the ASUC also stands to 
lose revenue due to the California 
Supreme Court's February ruling in 
Smith v. UC Regems. In this case the 
court ruled in favor of a student who 
objected to the use of his mandatory 

The UCSD Guardian 

student activities fee to fund politi-
cal groups with which he did not 
agree. 

Regarding the issue of safety, the 
committee will investigate the cur-
rent upkeep and security measures 
inplaceatASUC-runbuildingssuch 
as Eschleman Hall, where a 20-
year-old junior was found stabbed 
to death Feb. 7, 1992 after a late 
afternoon meeting of the Pilipino 
American Alliance. The victim's 
family has filed a negligence suit 
against the university, which owns 
the building, although the ASUC 
controls it. 

1be subjects of the committee's 
evaluation, Kenney said, "are all 
areas that are a great liability to 
ASUC." However, especially re-
garding the two lawsuits, the uni-
versity itself is also responsible, she 
added. 

Kenney and Hemandez said that 
since the committee is only in the 
infonnation-gathering stage, there 
is no set deadline for it to pass on its 
findings to the chancellor. Accord-
ing to Kenney, the evaluation may 
yield a recommendation for the uni-
versity to become more involved in 
ASUC responsibilities to varying 
degrees, from offering advice to 
completely taking over functions. 

Because if l/OU don't, 
we'll smack lJou silll/. 

The UCSD Guardian 

a 1.ln 
Hamlet was no fool. He knew what he was doing when he 
commanded Ophelia to get her act together and join the 
literacy movement. And we know what we're askir.g 
when we call for your participation in this year's 
Union·Trib 10, the 10K and 5K run and walk to 

NEWS 9 

HEY YOU 

CLASS IS CANCELLED! 
SPECIAL SUNGOD BEER HOURS 

FROM 1 TO 7 
A DIFFERENT BEER ON SPECIAL 
EVERY HOUR STARTING AT ONE 

DON'T FORGET: 
• NIGHTLY BEER 

SPECIALS 
• LIVE JAZZ 

MONDAYS 

• BUYOUR 
SHIRTS 

• BEERIS 
GOOD FOOD 

The UCSD Bookstore presents 

microsystems 
support literacy. Help us make San Diego a more 
literate community. 
Walk, run or volunteer on Sunday, June 13. 
You'll be doing Bill Shakespeare proud. 

Come see how Sun's technology 
can make your thoughts a reality! 

1IIE CotlRSIS 
Scenic, fast, poirt.~ C<X.neS. ~ 10K starts lit 8:00 I.m. n Balboa Pari<, M$ 
ttrou;1l1lt htirt 0/ 1Dwrulwn. ~ 51( _lit 7:30 I .m. downtown It Horton Plaza 
part\, M$ down Broadw5\'. Bott1 races IIni!h at lilt Embafcadero.Marina Parlt 

for _1nbmItiDn '*- ColI 
(619) "3.-9939 

10-, San Diego V' CQuncil on Literacy 
A 8~NUIT ~OR P"H st. ... ~ EG: 

~OUN\. L:'-.J ~ TERA(r 
TO LEARN·::: READ B£n:~ 
PL;A~E CA BOC r )~fQ 

ATHLEfifIiFO-~;om,-~feeiO~u,;mT7tjio~CJO~-~CMi-oo~PO~BOx12s338.~-o;;"i.-cA-921i2~~l 
Name (first) Jlast) Sex M F Address : JJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJ JJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJi 
jJJJJJJJJJJJ Jje JjJJJ JJJ-JJJ-JJJ Jj JjjjJJ ! 

RACES IcIIoct ... ) 0 5K RunlWaik 0 tOK RunlWalk 0 1 OK Team Run I 
DIVISIONS 1 __ ) FEES (ell ... ",. ..... _tide. T-aIth1) 
Men Women Men Women O lndividual Entry ............ $ 16.00 ($19 aher 6/5193) $ ___ _ 
o 12&U1iJ 0 0 4549 0 TEAMS: All Team Entries .............. $ 75.00 ($tOO aher 6/5193) $ ___ _ 
o 13-17 0 0 SO-54 0 
o 18-24 0 0 55·59 0 
o 25-29 0 0 60·64 0 

OOpenTeam 
OCo"""ate Team A'montJers oflhe IllMJ (3-5"..,.1 /TIIJSI COfrJJeIB 

, ..... s.ptIlie rby fotrns. ma/tld IOI/IIIer "" /!e. Eldl OWomen Only Team /!/lay form s/xUd also indJde /lie name of iI>e /un. 
o 30-~ 0 0 65-69 0 
o 35-39 0 0 7(}t 0 
o 40·44 0 U 200 Ibs.+ 

OCivil Service Team 
o Military Team t.n ••• J1~ ••••• _I.l~" •• ".c . .J. 

.?I.I ••• I~""L. ________ 1 Team Name: 
TOTAL ENCLA:OSE;;;;;"D -=-.---- .. 

Please charge j 0 Me 0 VISA Expiration: 
c~#JJJ -JJJJ-JJJJ-JJJJ ~JjJ Signature: 

SipoUId_ (SopUtal_.~I_il""'~ 

PLEASE MAKE CHECK PA) ABLE TO SAN DIEGO COUNCIL CN cITERf,('Y ~ 
GAR ~ 

Sun is the world's largest maker of UNIX computers and 
Sparc chip technology is the only platform that powers compat, 
ible products ranging from note' 
book computers to super,comput, 
ers. See the new low,cost systems 
and software solutions on dis, 
play. 

LIes£::] 
1300KSTOHL 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursdlly,MIIY 20, J993 

I Seat bells save lives. Don~ <iinI< and <iive, ~'993l101kswagen 

how your 
parents·you 

idn'tsleep 
through Econ. 
IntroClucing 

the 
raduate 

Finance Plan. 
~, 

,._- ... --.-.-.,.--~.~~ .' 

,...::---", 
r <::. ;.. ...,1 

.. 

--
--"" 

• 
-

GUy, 10 maybe you did nod off once or twice. But, hey, that an accredited two or four year school, you're eligible. 
doesn't mean you can't redeem yourself. Just make up your mind between our new Jette"" the first 

Take ow College Graduate FInance Plan: for Instance. It leta affordable German road c*. 
you finance • car even If you have no established credit. Or the new Golf III' The belt IIIllng car In the world. And both 

And It gives you three or four different payment schedules to .re now available at speclalleale rates. 

If you're about to graduate or have recently graduated from and dad will be none the wiler. ' ... , 
_-.s.e_................... _" ... __ ..... ,'. __ ,_ ~ 

·M' ....... dbyVW~~, The most loved cars in the wortd. ~ • ~ 
CARLSBAD ELCAJON ENCINITAS ESCONDIDO 
Boba.Ur bltCountr HInnIn Cool! Murrer Vob,... VoIbMgen VoIkIwegen ~ 5500,.. 4MWeIt 1435 EncInita 1800 AulD Pari! 
De/Norte MalnStrlet BouIeqrd W~Souttt 
1111 II 438-2200 (811) 422·0811 111111753·l125li (8111745 .... ' 

Join the Guardian Team ••• 
and get paid. 

NATIONAL CITY PfNIAY South.., PowIy 
VoIbMgen VoIkawIgen 
3131 MIItIoIwI 13655Pow1y 
CIty Blvd. RollI 
18111 3311·4020 (8111 4811·0720 

The UCSD Guardian is now accepting applications for Associate News 
Editor for the 1993-94 academic year. Inte:re:sted students should turn in 
an application, consisting of a cover lette:r, resume and clips, to the: 
Guardian office above the General Store. 

Deadline: Wednesday, May 26. 

SAHDlEOO SAHDlEOO SAHDlEOO 
Clty'l MillIon Cornel MItro 
Illy VoIkawIgen Moton ~ 
2206Morww 9010_ 11154 Keltner 
Ioul..,.,. RollI Ioulevard 
,,111 278-11171 (11111 57U11OO (8111234-3l1li1 

• J oumalism experience 
• Award-winning news section 
• No experience necessary 
• Shape the news at UCSD 
• Get paid! 

ThursdllY, May 20,1993 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

LETTERS TO THE SPORTS EDITOR 

THE SPORT REQUIRING THE MOST DEDICATION DESERVES RESPECT 
Editor: water, and will most likely have a the men 's varsity 8 and women's light· six days a week, rows for two hours. 

My name is Heather Carlson, and similar victory this weekend. By win· weight 4 each brought home gold and then proceeds up to Spanos to 
r am one of the captains of the ning at PCRCs. a crew guarantees medals, women's varsity 8 brought weight train for another hour three of 
women's varsity crew. The concern themselves a lane at the National Col· home a bronze. men's novice 8 and those days? How many sports require 
of myself and my team is the lack of legiate Rowing Championships in men'squadbroughthomesilver. while that four or eight bodies be in perfect 
coverage for the UCSD crew, espe· Cincinnati. Unfortunately, due to the men's novice 4 and women's nov- synchronicity in order for the motion 
cially the women's squad, both var- graduation eligibility and financial ice 8 each qualified fOJ the Grand to be carried out effectively? I have 
sity and novice. difficulties. this crew will probably Finals of their events, all that was played many sports throughout my 

In case you are not aware, our be unable to attend these champion· written was a small synopsis of our education, and I have found that crew, 
season culminates this upcoming shil?s. Our race this weekend will impressive victories. As a combined requires by far the most from each 
weekend with the Pacific Coast Row· therefore be our last, and we would team we placed third, the highest individual athlete, and from the team 
ing Championships, held annually in like to see coverage of it with the UCSD has ever placed at the State as a whole. Also I have never seen a 
Sacramento. I draw your attention to intensity put into covering track and Championships. In contrast, it seems group of people become so close and 
this not because I believe you are field meets. that every track and field meet re- committed to one another. A famous 
unaware of this fact, but because the That brings me up to the issue of ceives another full page article. This quip in the rowing world is "If it were 
women's team will be racing a boat the lack of coverage crew as a whole seems grossly unfair. easy, everyone would do it." 
that has the potential to win their sport has obtained. For instance, when Of any sport that I can think of, I have attended UCSD for five 
event. I cannot ever recall hearing both the men's and women's varsity crew is the most team-oriented and years, and have been the coxswain 
about the lasttime a UCSD women's (and women's novice) 8s won City requires the most dedication. How (pronounced cox -sin) for the past four 
crew ever won at PeRCs and quali- Championships. al\ that was written many teams at UCSD start the prac- years. I would like to see the recogni· 
fied to attend Nationals. was a very small article concentrating lice season in early October, and do tion in your paper that this demanding 

The boat of which I am speaking is mostly on the men's victory. When not compete until March with the sport deserves. lapplaud the recogni-
our varsity lightweight 4. This is the track and field won their equivalent racing season only lasting two tion you gave lacrosse and golf, each 
crew that won at the state-level cham- of City Championships, I recall there months? receiving an intense article describ-
pions hips back in ApriL My crew 'being a full page spread on the back What other team do you know of ing the nuances of each sport. I think 
blew all other competition out of the page, complete with photos. When wakes up at 4:30 every morning for crew also needs something like this. 

While I suspect these articles are in 
response to the facllhat UCSD hosted 
regionals for these sports. every year 
San Diego hosts the Crew Classic 
down at Mission Bay. 

I look forward to reading about 
our impressive victory(ies) from 
PCRCs on Monday. 

Heather Carlson 
Editor's Note: When crew and 

track stories Jl/lVe been in tM same 
issue. crew hos always been tM larger 
story with one exception. The "ful/· 
page spread" referred to is our stan· 
dard back·page layout, not a special 
exception. 

The lacrosse and go/fspecialpages 
were done in response to tM Western 
Women'sLaaosseLeagueFinaiFour 
and fhe NCAA National Champion· 
ships, not regionals. This is the first 
time UCSD has hosted eitMro/these 
events. 

As/aras dedicationandhardwork, 
we are not qualified to speakfor the 
athletes from other sports at UCSD. 

ATTENTION 
MATH 
MAJORS 

SPRING '93 
UNDERGRADUATE 

MATH MAJOR 
MEETING 

Thursday, May 27 
6 pm-7 pm, APM 2113 

Faculty advisors will be available 
to provide Information on next 

year's course offerings as 
well as professional and 

career opportunities , 
Refreshments will be served" 

~UROPE' 
BY 

TRAIN 
• S-Day First Class 

Flexipass." $191 
• S-Day 2nd Class 

Youth Pass". $HO 
• 1 O-Day First Class 

Flexipass" , $496 
• 1 O·Day 2nd Class 

youth Pass", $341 
• One Month 2nd Class 

cOU'ilcil traNi 
ucso l\icc Center (boy the Post OIIicc) 

451-0630 

"Rejoice in the Lord" 
• Psalm 33:1 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-catl1lUS NoIary Public? If 
so. call 587·7911 . (1 /4-613) 
Wanen College Semi-Formal. "MIssissippi 
Moonlighr May 27. 8-11 p.m. Tickets $10 at 
Box OIIice. (513·5124) 
"First Christian Fellowship Church" needs 
donations of all kinds to help the needy and 
homeless. Pick·up tile for flooring. church 
pews. grand piano. card bookcases. etc. any 
c:ond~lon. call: Pastor Daniel P. Lantis (619) 
265·9282. (516-613) 

6O-oz. pitchers. Pool. ShulfleboarQ. Darts. 
Your favorite spOtts. Awesome menu. Great 
beer selection. Full bar. Specials for UCSD 
studentsll San Dlego's only non-smoking 
spOtts bar and grill... The V·Barl Comet' of 
Grand and Cass St. in Pacific Beachl (s/13· 
5120) 
Traveling to San Luis Obispo May 21·23. 
Have room for 3 others to share in low gas 
rental . Call 465·721 5. (s/13·5I2O) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stones) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmair's ...................... 222-0220 
Jenrifer J's Beach Wear .... 551-1 004 
La Sandale ........ .......... .488-1134 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... .4.55-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
Yakimono .................... .452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695-1990 
Robert's .................. ...... 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ...... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR. BEAUTY 
Dearinger's ................... 454-1000 
Young Attitudes .... .. .... ..457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560·0325 
Primo Hair Salon ......... .455-0046 
Salon De Noie .............. 483·2512 

UCSD tEnTH .. FITNESS 
Being Fit .................. ..... 483·9294 
Family Planning ... ......... 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less .......... ......... .455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C. 558·3600 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452"7374 
Vision Care ................... 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC. VIDEO 
Music Trader ............... . 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .... .......... 452·0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 

UCSD TESTING 
HyperIearning ........ ....... 455-1000 
MCAT Review ..... ......... 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 

UCSDJOIS 
New Car Dealers .......... 296-3175 

UCSDNIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (LJ Marriott) 
..................................... 587-1414 

Volleybar & Grill ............ 270-7860 

UC'DETe. 
St. Germain·s .. , ............ _455-.1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

I :-:- r JASSIFIEDS 
--

Classified advertising is sold in I5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves therightto refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds,9500GilmanDriv e, 
0316, La.iolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topjloor. 

You'lI "dig" it. The Volleybar and Grill... San 
Diego's only non-smoking sports bar and 
grill. Grand and Casso St. Pacific Beachl (51 
13-5120) 
DANCERSI Triton Dance Team Tryouts -
SaUAay22.12-3p.m.NonhBaJcony.WORK· 
SHOPS: Mon. S/17. 8 p.m .• Rae. ConI. Rm; 
Tues. 5118. 9 p.m. Rae. ConI. Rm; Thurs. 51 
20.8:30 p.m .. West Balcony. Workshops will 
co_ material neceseary. Gall SS2-1l696 or 
587-8n2 for more info. (s/17·5120) 
"Sur1ers" Swap Meet. Sundey. Mey 23. 1993. 
8 am.--4 p.m .• benefits CALIFORNIA SURF 
MUSEUM. 308 North Pacific Street. 
Oceanside 92OS4 • Free AdmiseionlFoodi 
Music • Advance seller spaces $15Ifwni1y. 
$351retailers - Information: 619-721-6876. 
(s/17-5120) 
UCSO Police AUCIIon. Saturday. May 22nd. 
Pre-auctionviewlng-9:30Lm.AuctIonatar18 
III 10:30 a.m. Bk:ydes, jewelry. waIcha. 
IpOI1Ing goodI. caIcuIIIors. and morel $ 1.00 
refun<Mble bidder can! required. CUll or 
checII only. Near comer of Old Mintmar Rd. 
and Regents Rd. UCSO. (5120) 
TheSIbwayUanillcomingl Be sure tochack 
out Alpha Kappa Psi's booth II the Sun God 
Fest. Subway has greel deals on Slndwiches 
and drinks. (5120) 
$pedal Progr&n1S Coordlnalor wanted lor 
Fifth College. MaIn responsibility lor Interna-
tional Affairs Group. cultural. and issues 
awareness programming. See Job .7006 II 
ear- 5eNIces. AppIicaIions due by noon 

EMPLOYMENT 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT • 
fisheries. Earn $6OO+IWeek In canneries cr 
$4.000+/month on fishing boats. Free 
transponationl Room & boardl Male or 
Female. For employment program call 1-
208-545-4155 ext. A5976. (513-5120) 
FINANCIAL PLANNERS ASSISTANT - PrT 
Summet' job opportunfties. Client Screening 
• no sales or appnt. selling. S6-9/hour 
guaranteed. paid training & bonuses. Flexible 
shlfts.Sun-Thurs6·9p.m. Phone experience 
helpful. WESTERN ".."NClAL PlANN~. 
Contact Sharlene or Susan days/evenings 
481·0275 or leave message 4&4·5717. (51 
10-5120) 
Female Athletes - We want you on our 
teaml Make good money. go on tours. 
promotions. etc. Become a Pure Platinum 
"Foxy Boxer: Contact Pizazz Inl'l. Talent 
Agency. Emie 278·9969. (5113-611) 

The first C8Ve 
"wlngswere 
actually ads for 

blsonme&t. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

Spring Computer 

SALE 
Mqc'NAPC'S 

Powerbook I65C 4/86 ........ $2969 (New) 
MacPortabie ...................... 585 (lJIed) 
HD300MB SCSI (MACO .... $449 (New) 
PC Notebooks ..... : ............... fmm $695 
Conner 170 MB HD IDE ..... $llt(New) 
Conner 120 MB HD IDE ..... $199 (New) 
HPIII posISCripl 5MB .......... $1695 (New) 
HP color PaintJa ................. $395 (Uted) 
'286-16 w/1.2 FD 6SMBHD, 
VGA Color .......................... $369 (UKd) 
PS/2 systems ........................ fmm $349 
Lorp .. ,,,, 01 ,rIMtr cables " d ...... cas 

Ollter N.., & U,tt1 ~",. sys_ & 
,,.,,,,ieHlundll ...... Ii ......... 

Call NUC for quotes 
New & U~d CompUltrS 689·0122 

OJ Needed. Experience and Library a must -
Adult Entertainment Nightclub. Pizzazz Inl'l 
Talent Agency 278-9969. (s/13-611) 
POSTALJOISAVAILABLEI Many positions. 
Great benefits. Call 1-800--436-4365 ext. P-
3387. (s/13·5124) 
ADVERTISING: Sales to local nighlClubs. 
restaurants. stores. etc. on an Interactive 
compulerlzed Information system to be 
installed at the Price Center. Infosystama 
USA needs 2 entr~urial people full time 
for summer or beyond with drive. vision. 
ambitious goals and well groomed. We are 
an authorized IBM business partner 
specializing In multimedia technology. High 
commissions + bonuses creel81arge income. 
call 689-8149 for more deIaiI' on this exciting 
career opponunity. (5117-5120) 
CaregNer for haJldlcllpPld child. Flexible 
summer and IIChooI year hours. PaIIence. 
love. relerencespleue. ~7876. (5117-51 
27) 
....... CeIIIevIIIOn, Del ..., TV 3811H1ca 
Inl1lma for Summer/FII. POIiIIon entails 
producing. 1hooIIng. wrtIIng and repor1lng 
IocaIMWSsegmentsandlhowsalcornmunily 
inlerest. Contact AlP or ASIO. (5117·5120) 
Elderly disabled needs careIuI driverlO UCSD 
3xweekly. Bonus. can helpstudent·s Engbh. 
459-5179 _ . LaJola. (5117·5120) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT -
Make money teaChing basic 
conversational English abroad. Japan 
and Taiwan. Make $2.000-14.000+ per 
month. Many provide room & board + 
other benefits I No previous training or 
teechlng certificate required . For 
International Employment program. call 
the International Employment Group: 
(206) 632·1146 ext. J5976. (5/17-5/27) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING· Earn up to 
$2.000+/month + world travel. Holiday. 
Summer and Career employment availlllble. 
No experience neatS5alY. For employment 
program call 1·206-834·0468 ext. C5976. (51 
17·5120) 
Part-time. summer pos~n. retail sales. non· 
prof" bicycle and travel shop. Apr*f In p9t'S0n 
at Am9t'ican Youth Hostels. 335 W. Beech. 
downtown San Diego. (s/17 ·5120) 
Part·time sales/ollice help. Need 
responsible person for inside sales . data 
entry. appointment scheduling. misc. 
ollice work. Computer experience 
helpful. Flexible hours. minutes from 
campus. $7 .50 ·$9.75/hr. 457-1130 
x212. (5/17·5/20) 
Need a fun summer job? Corne WOI1c for 
Picnic PeopIe.1heoutdoor ewntIIlPIIdahlal 
App/icaIIonI accepted M-F a1ter 1;00 p.m .. II 
839S CamIno $ant. Fe Ie, SO 92121 or call 
Ann 587-1717. (5120) 
Summer employment opportunities. 
Imrnedlatltopenlngl. PTIFT. Allhllta. OffIce 
support help. Type 30WPU & need good 
phonelkllll. Earn money tor summer a wor1c 
PT school 'lear. Cell SeIec:lIOClay. 492-Q995. 
(5120-5127) 

c 

Mother'I Helper. Light houIewoIk +chlldcant 
for acIIve 2 year old and newborn. Del Mar 
area. Flexible hours. beglMlng late .... y. 
,. IIIC8I ancIown traI itpOIIIIIon. 755-1 132. 
(5120-5124) 
RetllllIIIII_poeItion avail. In men'a/WOmen'l 
clothing store In La Jolla. Strong saIeI and 
communication IkIIIs preferred. ApfIky In 
p8fIOO II Indigo 7684 Girard Ave. (5I2O-!of 
24) 
SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12· 
$141hr. OoIIun Swimming L8IIOII1. Flex 
houri, all arMS, call Greg. (619) 491-
4837. (S/2O-613) 
Spec:IaI Prowwns CoordInIIcr wnted for 
Filth College . Main reaponllblllty for 
International AffaIrs Group. cultural. and 
iIauIIII ___ prog,.."I11II1I1. Sea Jolt 
17006 at ear- SeMcIa. AppIk:aIIons eM 
by noon May 21. (5120-!!.'24) 
TELEMARKETING • PagenNel AmerIca', 
IargeIt paging company ill IIIIIkIng ... 
ortenI8d. ARTICULATE T~lOc:.II 
busi __ and ICheduIe apptI. for our 
ouIIkIe .... lIP'- MornIng !rid Afternoon 
hourIaVllilable. Hourfy pay plul aggressive 
bonullcommillion ,tructur.. Interelted 
Iq)IIcantI please c:.II (61 II) 989-0411 . EOE. 
(5120) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary Public? II 
so. call 587-7911. (114·613) 
PASSPORT PlCTURESI Only 55.95. While 
you wait. Xeroxes and more. !)lear St. 
Germain·s. 452-9949. (1119-613) 
VIollnlVlola w.-.. Youoryourchlld(ren) 
can learn from 1111 experienced. proteulonal 
teacher. Now accepting students - all ages 
and Ieve4s welcomel call Conrad. 468-0525. 
(3/29-613) 
Need typInwworo processing done? Wi. do 
any size job. arry type of job. I will also do 
editing H needed or wanted. call Carol 481· 
63&4 evenings. (41HII3) 
TERMPAPER8lntEaSlRE8UlE81Don' 
waste money & time atdo-It-yourull centers. 
RELAX + lilt us do your ~. 
hall the COlI. hall the tlmel Free pickup + 
delivery. (8111) 282-8444 (24m.) (4119-613) 
Word ProcelllnglTyplng: Academic 
manUlCrlpla. papers, th_. books. lellers. 
1IJII)IIcaIIor1ll. AocInIe(f'ast 1181'\11ce. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (518-613) 

WOAD PROCESSINO. Any type or size job. 
QualIty writing and lditing. u.s. printout. 
KaIhy. 454-8187. (518-613) 

PHYSICSIIIA 1H TUTOR. t.Aastera In physics 
with TA experience. $151hr. 283-1444. (511 0-
613) 
Earn up to $10.000 monthly - no Investment 
business opportunity: own a 9001. Recorded 
deCals 595-3999. (s/10-5I27) 
WOAD PROCESSING· 15 years. Full S9t'-
vice specializing In term papers. resumes. 
las9t' printouts. Ginny 483-6682. (5113-611) 
Tutoring· Friendly. expert help In compu1-
9t'8. IncWng VllualBaaic. PucaI. CICH. 
Assembly. call anytime. Greg. 558-2543. (51 
13-5124) 
HAIR. LASHES, NAILS. ETC. The besl care 
in La Jolla is yours for a super saver pricel 
SALON DE NOIE. 483·2512. (5113-5124) 
GRAD PHOTOSt Sean:h thia iIaue for the 1 
HR. UOTO PHOTO ad, or call 558-1690. (51 
13-5124) 
HoU888ltdng. Profeealonal. rrelure working 
woman with relerenc:es. Quiet, non-smok· 
Ing. reliable. WII give loving care to your 
home and pets. rrinImum one month. 94-4. 
1050 before 9 p.m. pIeMe. (5113-613) 
ClARITYSERvtCES. Editing: poofrlllldlig. 
_tao Tutoring: writing. Englilh. mIth. 
Till p8plflllon. Experiellced. r ___ . 

WANTED 
12 GAUGE PERSUASION II looking lor 
I8IIOus keyboan:I player. St.dy GIgI. IunkI 
rocMIIuea 1lyII. C111825-7950. (4m-SI24) 
WANTED. Hou.elllting pOlltlon . 
Profwelonal. mature working woman with 
reI~ will give loving c:are 10 your home 
and pets. Quiet, non·smokIng. reliable. 
Minimum one month. 844-1 OSO before II p.m. 
pIeMe. (5113-6'3) 
Womenl Parenti Divorced? Mom not 
remarried? ~ In ~ study. 
Could win '100. ConIIdential 528--4531 . (!of 
17-5127) 
Sudden Intense Fear? RapId H..nte?Fear 
of Loslng ConttcI? Sbc weeks drug·free 
therIpy aVIIIIbIe • part 01 ~ study. 
ThenIpy oII.-cI II no COIl SupeMsed by 
IIceneed pIyd1oIoglel It 111~ yr .• call 458-
.... (eI2o-6I3) 

.. 

FOR SALE 
SCOOTER: I. HcndI B111 SI. IcIcIIII/IIn 
good. S750 or ..... 480-1147. (4128-&'20) 

~ for 1IIia. SprIng'1 here, water'1 
werml Good boIIdI lor cheap: 6'2". 6'8". 
TO· ... 552-0920. (!It'3.!m) 

Thursday, May 20,1993 

Futon + frame $75. FulVOuaen mat set $80. 
Sola + IoveseeI $200. can deliver 578-8244. 
(513-8/3) 
Women'S hiking boots. size 8. worn but stl~ 
good IHe Ie" In them. Ankle high. excellent 
Italian brand. Vlbram soles. $20. 534·3466 
deys. (s/10-5I2O) 
BED. DESK. DRESSER · $40 each o.b.o. 
MACINTOSH Plus w/ soitware. harddrive • 
$550. Alice 455-03&4. (5110·5120) 
Taking the MCAT in September? Take 
UCSD's MCAT REVIEW COURSE. Save on 
regular rateI452-6844. (5113-5127) 
Okldata Mlcrollne 93. wide-carriage. 9 pin 
dot matrix printer with manual. centronice 
cable. + computer paper. Sturdy. reliable. 
must sen $45. Cail Jack at 452-6373. (5113· 
5120) 
Saga with 4 games $180. 6' surlboard $60. 
Olympic bench w/ weights $150. 457·7717. 
(5113-5120) 
Bed - full. lightwood wlheadboard + futon. 
like new. paid $430. ask $300. neg .. 792-
6357. (5117·613) 
Fly to SF. Depart 5121 . retum 5123 to San 
Diego. $130.00 o.b.o. 456-5066. (s/17-5120) 
Deskwriter. HP 300dp1 printer tor Macintosh, 
with extra fonts and ink cartridges $220.00. 
483-2694. (s/17·5124) 
6'8" Rusty ridden 6 times. $260. 6'3" XANADU. 
no dings $150. call Homan-481--4380. (5117· 
5124) 
Moving: Microwave. women's golf clubs. 
household nama. All must gol Brende 452-
7504. (5117·5120) 
PRINTER. Fujitsu DX21 00: 7 pin. NLQ.cotor 
capability. Works great! $90 o.b.o. Call 622· 
0718. (5117-5120) 
ROLLERBLAOES TNT 5000. Barely used. 
SIze 8 men' •. $100 o.b.o.; Western boola. 
leather. size g.SU. women·s. good cond .• 
$45 o.b.o.; 4-sIIce toast.-, $20 o.b.o. ; CIIII 
622-0718 or-457-2219. (5117-5120) 
Sanyo refrigerator. 2.5 cubic f.at $SO. Call 
455-0911. (5117-5124) 
MOVING TO ALASKA SALE. Twin rnaIIress 
+ box spring $8O.OOIse~ six cinder blocks -
$O.SOea./$2.SO·set;8-drawerdesk-$30.00; 
computet' desk w/ printer stand · $30.00; and 
tabla • $1 5.00; desk chair - $1 5.00; bookshelf 
- $10.00; double futon + frame - $100.00; 
flAng cabinet· 515.00 CALL 548-0140 + Iv. 
meaaage. (5117·5127) 
Sofa wlhide-away bed. $SO or best offer. 
82S-0868. (5117·5124) 
Taking the MCAT In September? Take 
UCSO's MCAT REVIEW COURSE. Save 
moneyl 452-6844. (5117·5127) 
Twin bed + frame. $100 o.b.o. Desk + chair 
$75 o.b.o. Allin good condition. 558-8731 . (51 
17-5127) 
1983 Yamaha Scootet' 180.3.780 mi .• baskat. 
helmet. recent s9t'Vice. $950 o.b.o .. Lance 
454-0426/597·7062. (5120) 
1 g84 Honda Civic Hatchback: blue . very 
reliable. excellenl stereo. new l ires and 
clutch . $1500.00. 695-1169. (5/20· 
5/27) 
Brand new Sony Dlscman for sale. $99.00 
only. CHEAPI call Crystal at 825-0-495. (51 
20) 
2 BONJOvtTICKETS: 2nd ROWIiJune 24th 
SOSU. can't go. Must sell. $42 each. 558· 
4828. (5120-5124) 
Laquinta Inn value certilical. worth $70. 
IICtIfice $35. One night. tax 1nciJded. expir8I 
soon. 447-8N6. (5120-5124) 
4 USAIr lint cIase IJI9adeI $25 each. Huny. 
expires June 30. Kim 447-8796. anytime. 
rT*IIIIJ8. (5120-5127) 
Wa'erbed, klngslze. fram.. headboard. 
drWenI. matIntII. heater. LIIe MWI PaId 
'1500, ucrIIk:e seoo o.b.o. 458-9063. (50' 
20) 
Wooddr_w/mlnor. $25. Full lize bed w/ 
boxIprIngs. $SO o.b.o. C8114S7 -8123. (5120-
SI24) 
4 piece wood bedroom 181. $130 o.b.o. Twin 
bed. springs. & frame. $45. cal 558-11106. 
(5120-5124) 
FOR SAlE. TICKETS TOOINGO BOtNGO. 
Two. at coat, for Friday. June 11 tho Cal 272-
4280. (5120) 
197. Ford LTD Brougham. RebUild 
engine (SOK ml). New rebuilt carbo new 
brake •• trailer hitch. crul,e control. air, 
etc. ,gSO. Steve 272-272g. Smog OK. 
(5120·5127) 
Jeep Wfrget 1_. GrNI oondItlon . .... 
tire.. pelnt, Audlovox. 53.000 mWas. 6 
cyIIndIra .•• 500. 589-2800. (5120) 
MOUNTAIN BIKE· NIIhId Cuc8de, IiIver 
and bIIIck. 20". 15 speed. Rides well. "25 
o.b.o. 453-7773. (5120-5124) 

MacinIOIh Plus ~ lor ". Includes 
ex\efNI drive. modem. mouse. lmagewriter 
II printlf. Perfect lor word proceulng. $750. 
Cal John at 1IN7III. (5120) 

Thursday , May 20,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

HOUSING 
LaJolialUCSD: Non-smoking female to share 
2 bedroom. 2 bath apartment. Prefet' quiet. 
clean person with no ovamiglt guest. Own 
bath. $380 per month. 455·1nO. (4129-5127) 

INEXPENSIVE SUMMER SUBLET. Two 
rooms In bright. spacious townhouse 5 
minutes from UCSD. One mastet' with private 
bath and one large single. Available mld-
June. Pool. dishwasher. washer/dryer. 
Females. 453-8012. (5117-5124) 

Summ9t'sublet. Female roommaIe(s) needed 
for mastet' bedroom in University City. Pool. 
jacuzzi . weight room, racquetball. Close 10 
UCSO. UTC. par1<. $475.OOImo. or $237.50 
to share + 112 utilities. 6/14-9/1. 625-0916. 
(5120·5124) 

Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
available June; all appliances. washer/dryer. 
$995. 450·0328. (513-613) 
Summer town house 2 bedroom. spacious. 
close to bus. UCSD. Pool. parking. canyon. 
5825. 2-3 people . June-September 
(negotiable). Cutel Call Holly at 622-0803. 
(513·5124) 
Female roommate needed! Summer/own 
room. $3251mo. Beautiful. spacious. 4 bedl 
2.5 bath house in Del Mar. Rachel 259-16&1. 
(5/3-s/20) 
Private room In 3BR. 2.5BA condo. Del 
Mar. Eight minutes from UCSD; pool/spa. 
tennis; walk to Highlands Shopping Center; 
preferlemale non·smoking. Available July 
1st. $375 + 1/4 uili . 625·0771 Joe. (5/3·5/ 
24) 
For Sale-Condol • WALK UCSD. 2, 3 
bedrooms, 2 car attached garage •• Pool, 
tennl •• Great 1st time buy.r financing. 
Open SUndaYI and by .ppolntment. REI 
MAX - Judllh Haddox. tnfo .nytlme (619) 
275-2618. (516-613) 
Summer sublet. Furnished master bedroom. 
own bath , Mira Mesa house. $350/mo. Cail 
Paul 549-6642. (5120-613) 
Room available May 17th. Mira Mesa. for 
summer andlor fall. Walk to shops. market. 
Pool. jacuzzi. washer. dryer. cable. Looking 
for easy going guy. $31 O/mo. Call Paul 549· 
6642. (516-5120) 
2 three bedroom townhouses available July 
and September. nearUCSD. $11401mo. Nina 
792·6453. (511 0-6/3) 
Female roommate wanted 10 share spacious 
condo with 2 other girls one mile from UCSD. 
$3251mo. + 113 utilities. Swimming. jacuzzi. 
tennis. racquetball. and garage included. 
Please call 453·8343 if interested. (5110-51 
20) 
3 female roommates wanted to share 
furnished LJ condo. Summer. and/or 
continuing. Jennifer 535-0153. (S/t 0-5124) 
Summer Sublet -Beautiful2BR upper. Golden 
HiIVDwnln. Sunny. hardwoodlloors. screened 
balcony. back yard. $375/mo + dep. 'TiI Sept. 
15. Call 238·9066. (5110·5124) 
3 rooms available in UC condo -2 miles from 
campus - $330·$3401month + 113 utililies. 
Washerldryer. Summer or longer. Call 455· 
0364. (5It 0-5120) 
Female roommate wanted. Apt.. Pacilic 
Beach. Own room. Large master. S350/mo + 
112 util. Available July. Cldney 274·7359. (51 
10-611 ) 
Room for rent. Large 2 story apt. 112 mi from 
UCSD. POOl. no deposit. no lease. $250. 
Available 611 . Call Mary 622-0759. (5110-51 
20) 
Female roommate wanted. Nonsmoker lor 
own room in family 's condo. 5 min. walk to 
campus. Available 711/93 (possibly sooner). 
$350/mo. Includes utilities. pool, tennis. 455-
9678. (5110-5124) 
Mira Mesa - Mature female. condo. room with 
private bath. $400 pius deposit. 112 utilities. 
536-9393. (5113·5/24) 
Room lor rent. available for summer. $3501 
mo. in Del Mar. Call 558-9008. (5113-5124) 
Room for rent. $34O/month. available for 
summer. washer/dryer. pool. bus to UCSD. 
non.smoker. non·allergic to cats. call StaCy 
or Lisa. 625-0821. (5113-5127) 
Single fumished room in 3BD/2BA ~o for 
rent at Renaissance Villas. Avail. mid·June 
to mid-Sept. Pools. jacuzzis. gym. washer/ 
dryer. parking underground. $3S01month + 11 
4 util~les. Female prefet'red. Call Debra: 825· 
0882. (5127-5124) 
Housesiller available to give loving care to 
your home and pets. Professional. mature 
working woman 'l!lth references. Quiet. non· 
smoking. reliable. 94-4-1050 before 9 p.m. 
please. (5113-613) 
Female roommate wanted: 2 lovely rooms 
for rent. close 10 Ralphs. Vons. Lucky. 10-15 
mins from UCSD. Nice and quiet 
neighborhood. own rooms/shared bathroom. 
$275/$300. please call 271 -4316. Helen. (51 
13·613) 
Looking tor summer housing? LIVE at 
Renaissance for only $260. Females only. 
452-6844. (s/13·5/27) 
R()QMMATE NEEDED for summerl Own 
room in 3-bdrm. condo UTC area. Pool. 
laundry facilities. elc. $378 + 113 utilities. 
587·2656. (5/13-613) 

Summer Sublet: Near Vons. 34A bus. 5 min by 
car; 15 min by bike to UCSD. $32OImonth + 
utilities; wash9t'/dryet'. 6/15-8/30 (negoIiabIe). 
call 450·9192 Craig. (5117-5120) 
4 person house for rent during summer. June 
1 5·Sept. 15. La JoliaShores Drive across the 
street from UCSD. Washer/dryer; big 
backyard. walk to school and beach 552-
0920. (5117·5127) 
2 rooms available in Windanseahouse. $384/ 
month. Large. furnished. near beach. 456· 
5066. (5I17-s/20) 
Summer sublet. Ralphsshoppingcenter. walk 
to groceries. other stores. across street from 
campus. $271 • $407.50. depending on if20r 
3 people. Mid-June to mid·Sept. 452-6465. 
(S/17-8/3) 
SUMMER SUBLET: Single room In UTC 
area. All amenities. $345 o.b.o. Call Monica 
625·0704. (5/17·5127) 
Room in 4 bel. condo near UTC. $310+ 114. 
female only. laundry. Available June. Call 
458-0032. (5117-5/20) 
Own room for July/August· furnished. laundry, 
dishwasher. pool. in Playmor condos. $340. 
Claire 558-1781 . (5117-6/1) 
SUMMER SUBLET: Master bedroom In 3 
bedroom townhouse nearUCSDIUTC. $350/ 
month. Danielle 625-0704. (S/17·5120) 
Two rooms In fumished house. $320 and 
$300 + deposit. West Mira Mesa. near 805 
and UCSD. Washer. dryer. utilities included. 
Nonsmoking male/lemale. no pel. no drugs. 
578-8683. (5/17-611) 
Female roommate needed for summerl 3 
min. to UCSD. Beautiful complex. pool. spa. 
weight room. laundry. Own bedroom. bath • 
$340/mo. or share LARGE bedroom. bath • 
$278/mo.+1 13 utilities. Furnished or 
unfurnished. Nonsmoker prel9t'1'ed. Available 
June 15 to Sept. 15. 450·9815. (s/17 ·5120) 
VILLAS OF RENAISSANCE. Oneltwo 
roommate(s) wanted for summer rental . 
Washer/dryer. garaged parking. pools. gym. 
campus bikeable. next to UTC. $244 mo. 
(double); $488 mo. (single) + 114 utilities. 
622·9619. (5/17-5127) 
Female roommate wanted: summer or longet'. 
Own room in beautifullownhouse near UTC. 
Pool. jacuzzi. tennis. all appliances. Available 
July 1. $360 mo. + 114 utilities. 625-0298. Call 
nowl (s/17·s/20) 
Mission Hills. Summer rental w~h 4 students. 
Huge 5 bedroom house. June-September. 
$315 mo. 574-6450. (s/1i'-6/1) 
Room for summer rent. 3 minutes from 
campus. $3601month. Call Adrienne 457· 
4452. Move in whenever. (s/17-5/20) 
2 females to share master bedroomlbath. 
Near campus 6112-91151993. $300 mo. + 1/ 
6 utilities. 458-0667. (5117-5120) 
2 summer roommates wanted: to share 
master bdrm. Mid-June - Sept. 1. UTC area 
condo. private bath. pool. wid. Rent: $2251 
month each + 1/4 utilities each. Male or 
female non-smokers. Call Tracy. Sheri. or 
Chrlstlne@ 558·4542. (5117-5127) 
Room for rent available 6/15. One mile from 
UCSD. All amenities $325. T. Ngo 453-2227. 
(s/1 7 -5/20) 
HOT TUB ON SHOR~S FOR SUMMER! 
Share big double In house. $300 + part 

util~ies. LOAFS onlyl Kevin 457-8096. (s/17-
5127) 
2 rooms lor rent (one for you & one for your 
friendl) : University City condo $3SO (Includes 
utilities). Both rooms complelely lumished. 
park-like setting. pool. bar-b-que. bike and 
hiking trails. Close to shopping and busllne 
(mlnules to UCSD & UTC). Available now. 
$500 moves you Inl Call Nancy 689-6128 
leave message when best time to retum to 
call. (s/17·5I2O) 
Share two bedroom; one block to beech; 
security building; $400.00 plus $200.00 
deposn; 112 utilities; 459-8133 • NO PETS. 
(s/17-5120) 

Sumrnet' sublease single In a 3 bedroom 1.5 
bath condo with 2 females for $350 + 113 
utilities. Furnished or unfurnished. pool. 
dishwasher. washet' and d/yet'. UTC area, 
and nonsmokers. 450-3252 or 558-6768. (S/ 
17·5127) 
LARGE BEDROOM for SUMMER rent In a 
spacious 4 bedroom lurnlshed house. 
Could be double. 011 La Jolla Scenic Drive 
• walklbike to UCSD. BEACH. $380/month 
+ 115 utilities. Jennifer 457·4452. (s/20· 
6/1) 
Roommate needed to share beautWul Hillcrest 
apartment -vaUlted ceiings. hardwood floors. 
AvailableJune l-Sapt 15. $400/month. Okay 
for two people to share bedroom 296·7936. 
(5120-5127) 
Sublet - 1 dbl .. 1 sngl. room avail . June 12-
Aug. 31 . possibly longer - pool. spa. tennis 
courts. MIF. 558·3770. (5120-5127) 
Del Mar: Spacious room in fully furnished 
aptmt. Tennis. pool. sauna. jacuzzi. beautiful 
surroundings. 112 mile from beach. Gable 
TV. VCR. washer/dryer. Available June 1 st 
$350. Call 259·9121 . (5120-5124) 
Female roommate needed for summer sublet 
6/1-9/1 (negotiable) . Own large room in 3 
bdrm. condo near UTC. Friendly. considerate 
roommates. $35OImonth. Holly 587-3617. 
( 5120·5127) 
Female roommate wanted . Trieste 
apartments . summer and/or next year. 
Washer/dryer. Walk or bike to campus. 
$286/mo + 114 utilities. Available June 
13. Gretchen 558·3687 or Cindy 558· 
9017. (5/20-6/3) 
NEW condo I Master $500. own room/ 
bath $400. Vaulted ceilings . pool . 
tennis. racquetball. Lauren 622-0987. 
(5/20·5/24) 
Three bedroom. 1.5 bath. East Glle Mall 
area. available July 1. Oulet canyon view. all 
applianceS. washer/dry9t'. pool. $11 OOImonth 
$1000 deposit. 581-6353 or page 584-#41. 
(5120-613) 
Summer roommate wanted (Iemale). Own 
room. pool, lennis. $355 + 114 util. Near 
campus. 558-8697. (5120) 
Female roommate wanted. Share master 
bedroom Apartment near campus. June 1-
September. $27S/month + 1/3 utilities. Call 
453·8320. (5120-5127) 
Roommates needed: 2 rooms. $315. $3351 
month. 3br. townhouse in UTC. Erik 558-
2620. (S/20-5127) 
Summer Sublet: La Cima 2brl2 bath condo. 
Pool. jacuzzi. washer/dryer, cable (w~BO) . 
Nice view. in UTC. $870/mo. Call Enk 558-
2620. (5120·5127) 
3 bedrooms. 2.5 bath condo . Pool . 
tennis. garages. dishwasher. laundry. 
bike to UCSD. $1250. 757·4268. (5/20· 
6/1 ) 
2ROOMSFORRENT-LAJOLLACOLONY. 
3BD/2BA. garage. laundry, pool. jacuzzi. 
$3101month each. Don or Ian. 622-0929. (S/ 
20-5124) 
Roommatewanted share University City 
home. Own room. own bath. laundry . 
cable TV. 12 minutes to campus. $400/ 
month includes utilities. Nice. must see. 
Call 566-4841 . Available July 1st. (5/ 
20·5/27) 
Summer Sublet • 2 roommates needed to 
share a master bedroom. $195 month + 1/5 

util~ per person. Washer/dryet'. Close to 
UTC. Vons, and buslines. call 822-0961. (51 
20-613) 
Female roommate wanted. non·smoker. 
Own room. unfurnished. Mira Mesa house. 
$300/mo. $300 dep. II interested. call 693-
1789 and please leave message. (S/2O.5/ 
24) 

SUMMER SUBLET (with possibility of year 
lease): 3 bdrm, 2.5 bath (2 singles. 1 double) . . 
PRIME LOCATION. walking distance to 
campus. pool & laundry. $1200. Call 457-
0773. Available mid-June. (5117·5120) 

Summer Sublet; La Jolla UTC/UCSD. 
Own furnished room . 3 bed. 2.5 bath 
townhouse . Female. non·smoker. 
Washer/dryer. pool. parking. Quiet. 
Upstairs + downstairs decks. Near parll. 
5 min· UCSD + UTC. $330 + t /4 utilities. 
558· 760e. (5/20-5/24) 

LOST AND FOUND 
$700 IN REWARDSI $SOO for info leedlng to 
theretumofMacintoshPowerbook 170slOlen 
from TIOga dorms 515. $200 for woven cream 
colored blanket - also stolen. No questions 
asked. Call 558-7525. Ask for MarIe. (5113-51 
2 

2 female roommates needed to share condo 
in Playmor area. Summer andlor continuing. 
452-8844. (s/17 -611) 
FOR RENT: 3bedroom 2. 5 bath condominium 
near UCSO. All appliances. 3945 CAMINO 
LINDO. July 1. $1250.00. 454-6462. (5117·6/ 
3) 

PERSONALS 

Summersublet:yourown room in townhouse 
near UTC. $330/month. negotiable. Aaron 
558-7878 eves. (5117·5120) 

FOR RENT: Summer sublet or year leese. 
$12S01month (negotiable). Avail. June 14 
with FREE RENT unlll July 1. 3 bdrm. 2.5 
bath. Playmor. pool. alarm. call 597-2026. (51 
20-5124) 

Thank you UCSD for your generosityl Coins 
Across Campus presented by Alpha Kappa 
Psi generated $911 to be donated to the 
Community Resource Center 10 fund a Play 
Therapy room for homeless chllchn. (5120) 

Female roommate neededthissummerl June 
• Sept. 1st. Own large room In 3 bedroom 
condo near UTC. Considerate. easygoing 
roommates. $3801mo. Holly 587·3617. (S/ 
17-5120) 

Looking for a place to stay this summer? 
Apartment 5 min lrom UCSO available from 
mld.June 10 mid-Sept. $3S01mo. Includes all 
utilities except phonel call 558·09n. (5120) 

CHI OMEGA · P.T.I . (5120) 
Sigma chI. Derby Days was a blastl Love. 
true ladies of Chi Omega. (5120) 

CLASSIFIEDS13 

TROUBLE[~ BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now Only $3500 

I Reg. $45 
RESULTS GUARANTEED 

Call now 
457 .. 2100 

From 3-6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID h' It 
Two complete dinnen for only 
$9.90 with ,tudent ID 
Goad thru 6/30/93 foot V2 

OLD TOWN, SAN DIEGO • 298 - 0133 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's 
1lP_ ~ Master Mechanics ~_ III exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 
1878 .ira .... Road • 410-1494 

Air & Water Cooled • Maintenance Servicel· Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt engines' Gas & DieHl • Electrical· Clutch ... Brakes • Valv .. 

Located In lhe Autopcxt Moll • Milarnar 
Next DoOf to DisCOO1f r.e 

EXPIRES 6/15/93 

~enn;ftr' J 5 ~~' 
~,,~ ___ ,bttld,wtQr 

5538 La Jolla Blvd. • Bird Rock 

Complete Line of SWlmwear 
Separates 

Action Wear 
over 30 brands 

S\rnmer hcus 10-7 55'- '004 
- - -DISCOUNT COUPONi 
150,L. Good on I I 7'0 any purchase I 
~arkin8 ~r~~ __ _ [xp . .!..."/9_3".-_ 



I _ 

14 SPORTS 

Calamity in KalamaZOO: 
Tritons Fall in Opener 

Associate Sports Editor 
The UCSD men's tennis tearn, 

making its 13th trip to the NCAA 
champion-
ships in 16 
seasons, lost 
in the opening 
round, 5-2, to 
Swarthmore 
College on 
Monday. The 
opening -
round defeat 
ended all 
hopes for 
UCSD's fU"St-
ever NCAA 
team title. 

The Tritons fell behind early in 
singles play and were unable to gain 
any momentum. Senior Jeff Bethard, 
UCSD's number-one singles player, 
lost in straight sets, 7-5, 6-3. UCSD 
fell behind 2-0 when John Cross suf-

fcred a lopsided defeat. 
At number-three singles. junior 

Vern Yarnell, in a valiant attempt to 
stop UCSD's losing skid, dominated 
the fU"St set against Swarthmore's 
Khalaf, winning 6-2. But Khalaf 
roared back, taking the second set 6-
2, setting upadramatic third set show-
down. In the decisive final set, Khalaf 
prevailed, 7-6. Yarnell's marathon 
defeat put the Tritons down. 3-0. 

UCSD's woes in singles play con-
tinued when number-four Robbie Ho 
lost in straight sets, 6-2, 7-5. With 
four losses on the afternoon, the Tri-
tons needed to sweep the remaining 
two singles and three doubles matches 
to defeat Swarthmore and advance to 
the second round. 

The Tritons staved off defeat in 
number-five singles with junior Roy 
Gessford's 6-4, 7-5 triumph. 

Down 4-1, the Tritons got another 
reprieve when Jeff Young came up 
big in number-six singles. Young, a 
freshman, played like a seasoned vet-
eran on the way to a thrilling three-set 
victory, 6-3, 0-6, 6-2. Young 's win 

J.on Rlb:hle/Guartfan 
Senior Robyn lnaba was one-haIf of an An· American doubles team. 

TIMELY 
GRADUATION 

PORTRAITS 
Have your graduation portrait taken with us and you ' ll have your 

fi nished portraits ready at graduation. , 

We offer: • Proofs in ONE HOUR 
• Finished packages in ONE WEEK* 
• We furnish cap & gown 

' Prints 01/ canvas take 10llger 

ONE HOUn 
-MOTOPHOTO--

~ PORTRAIT STUDIO 
1,"'*ipkc.~~~".~SM 

Rennaissance Towne Center 
8935 Towne Centre Dr. (Just east of UTe) 558·1690 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20,1993 

Jason RlU:tie/Guanfan 
Jeff Bethard lost at numtJer.one .. net- 7-5, 6-3 In action aaainst Swarthmore at the NCAA Nationals. 
cut Swarthmore's lead to 4-2 as the knockout punch in the opening the two remaining doubles matches 
two teams headed to doubles play. doubles match. were left unplayed. 
With a three-match sweep in doubles, The tandem of Bethard and Cross UCSD will now compete in the 
the Tritons would upset Swarthmore took Swarthmore's Rosentratch and consolation bracket of the toumamenl. 
in stuMing fashion. Pearson to three sets before losing 6- In last year's NCAA team champion-

UCSD's upset bid was denied I, 1-6, 6-2. With five match wins, ships, the Tritons split four matches 
when Swarthmore delivered the Swarthmore clinched the victory and on the way to a seventh-place finish. 

Two Tritons Named All-American; 
UCSD Finishes Fifth in Nation 
WOMEN'STENNIS:Inaba 
and Kurokawa reach semi-
finals in doubles competitioo 
ByBree5elel 

place bragging rights by beating 
perennial powerhouse Gustavus-
Adolphus Golden Gusties, 5-4. 

The Triton women faced east-
ern foe Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology in first-round action 
and mercilessly swept all singles 
and doubles matches in an impres-
sive 9-0 victory. 

Carla Nichols , down 5-2 in the 
third set against Gustavus Adolphus, 
pulled off a remarkable recovery, 
breaking her opponent ' s serve three 
times to emerge with the improb-
able victory. 

St8ff Writer 
The UC San Diego women 's ten-

nis team finished its season on a 
positive note, placing fifth overall 
in the country at the National Colle-

Round two featured a rematch 
oflast year's third-place match. But, 
this time it was the Golden Gusties 
who emerged the victor, withstand-
ing a flurry of Triton rallies and 
blowing the San Diego squad into 
the loser's bracket. 

Freshman Yumi Takemoto was 
also down 5-1 in the third set against 
Franklin and Marshall, but amaz-
ingly served and volleyed her way 
to a 5-5 tie. She displayed the expe-
rience of a veteran, demoralizing 
her Diplomat opponent and stealing 
the tiebreaker. 

giate Ath-
letic Assoc-

-iation's Di-
vision III 
National 
Tennis 
Tourna-
ment in 
Northfield, 
Minnesota 
held this 
week. 

According to LaPlante, without 
Takemoto's win UCSD might not 
have placed as well as it did. 

The Tri-
tons' fifth-
place tally 

marks the second consecutive year 
in which the Tritons have finished 
among the top five in the nation. 

The Tritons bounced back 
quickly by clobbering the Franklin 
and Marshall University Diplomats 
from Pennsylvania. The win al-
lowed the Tritons to advance to the 
fourth round where they easily 
defeated University of South, Ten-
nessee. 

"Everyone played fantastic ten-
nis," praised Triton Head Coach 
Liz LaPlante. 

LaPlante highlighted the two 
. most intense matches ofthe tourna-
ment. Number-three singles player 

Immediately following the team 
event was the battle for the indi-
vidual title, featuring the top 32 
singles players in the country. Se-
niors Diane Chandler and Robyn 
Inaba represented the Triton con-
tingency. 

The top 16 doubles teams fought 
for the tandem title, with Inaba and 
Miki Kurokawa' advancing to the 
semi-final round before bowing out. 
Both received All-American hon-

Last year UCSD captured'third- See W. TENNIS, Page 15 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
and more In 

Tlleau.nu.. 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

r----
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ../ , 
I r 
'-------

- .---------------,. 

TANS$1: i 
One for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days i2SOO I I 
Wolff 6ed!s • Facial Tamer5 I 

___ I 
----~~~~&_-----~ 

r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6". in 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ //ost inches, and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it!" 
I Lose at least 6" or you don't payl - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercise or dletl",. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I GOLDEN TRIANGLE L. Jolla P'l:. Lama HIlIc;re&t I I PERFECT TAN" 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 

3251 Holiday Ct. • • 
I across street from EI Torito PlICif lc; Beach ~!llon Valley 5~ Col.· I 455-0909 581-9060 5-+2-0391 697-001-4 

~-------~~-~~~~~~~-------~ 

Thursday, May 20, 1993 

GOLF: UCSD 
second after two days 
ContInued from PIlle 16 
Moe's two 75 rounds give him a 150. 

After two days of play, the teams 
may be gening to know the course, 
but the course itself is changing , and 
not for the better. 

"The course is gening harder. The 
rough and fairway is longer and the 
greens are drier," Abraham said. 

With the rest of the field fading 
fast, the Tritons are gening set for a 
two-team battle. "There are somegood 
players out there," Abraham said. "It's 
going to be a dogfight." 

w. TENNIS: 
UCSD boasts two 
All-Americans 
ContInued from P8I8 15 
ors, a long-time personal goal of the 
graduating Inaba. 

"The tournament was really ex-
citing. I've been with the team a 
long time and have had a lot of fun 
and great friendships," said senior 
Nicolas. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BAM BAM: 
WWF almost-action 

~nuecI from pep 16 
a space alien kidnapped them last 
week, had sex with them and told 
them to watch the Home Shopping 
Network for further instructions. 

The really classic pan of the whole 
experience was that Intrepid Phil was 
giving us the results of the match as 
the combatants were getting into the 
ring. He had heard about it through 
his computer wrestling billboard. No, 
I wasn't aware of its existence either, 
but I will be sure to keep my distance 
now that I am. 

Anyway, every one of Phil's pre-
dictions was correct, right down to the 
moves that each winner would ex-
ecute to win the match. 

After a while, you just suspend 
your disbelief, which is harder than it 
sounds, and just sit back and enjoy the 
mind-numbing semi-action going on 
below. That's where it gets fun. 

- Staff Writer Brian K. Hutto 
contributed to this story. Miki Kurokawa was named an All-AmerIcan at the NCAA Nationals 

Although most of the punches and 
slaps were about as realistic as some 
sadistic grandfather pretending to pull 
his grandchild's nose off by putting 
his thumb between his index and 
middle fmgers, there were some pretty 

(We did. Costa Verde Center.) 
[!] osta Verde Center has all of the 
things you need to make college life a 
little easier. With convenient services, 
shops and great restaurants all in one 
location. Since Costa Verde Center is 
conveniently located in the Golden 
Triangle, you can stop by and never 
have to miss a class ( Bummer! ) 
Catch a qUick r-.---,----..,--....---. 
bite. to eat 
at Subway, 
La Salsa or 
McDonalcl s. 
Or enjoy a 
leisurely capuccino at java House. 
Shop for munchies ~I"t Big Bear or 
pick-up that hard to find geology book 
at Bookstar. There 's no need to drive 
all over town. Discover Costa Verde 
center. And never have to pay a 
ransom for convenience again. 

s~ 
Big Bear 

.~ 
Aesop's Tables 
Allie·s 
Chong 
java House 
La Salsa 
McDonald's 
Pizza Novo COMING SOON 
Soup c.Kchange 
Subway Sandwiches 

SPECIAL TV SHOPS 
~ 

Blockbuster Video.lII1SI'IAa«' 
Bookstar 
Busybody 
Vivo Flowers &. Gifts 
Vow StereolVideo 

Paper Trends 
Pier 1 Imports 

FASHION STORES 
~ 

A Nite On The Town 
Dist;nctions '"'VI'lA4t' 
Gingiss F ormalwear 
Men's Wearhouse 

SERVICES 
~ 

Computerized Cobbler 
Costa Verde Cor Wash 
Costa Verde Dentistry '11·"i"·IA4,,, 
FOK Photo 
HomeF ed Bonk 
jenny Craig Weight Loss Center 
La jolla Cleaners 
The Classical c.ye 
United Airlines City Ticket Office 
U.S. Postal Store 
w. C~re Hair 

~ ~COSTA VERDE 
At The Corner Of Genesee & La Jolla Village Drive. Free Convenient Underground Garage Parking. 458·9270 

SPORTS 15 

cool stuff. 
The best move of the entire night 

occured during the most entertaining 
match of the night, a tag team battle 
between The Steiner Brothers and 
Money Inc. 

It was for the championshiR, so 
telling you who won is kind of/like 
telling the secret to the Crying Game, 
but I don't care. The Steiner Brothers 
won. 

They won last Thursday, and they 
win win no matter where you see 
them in Milwaukee or Sheboygan. 
Until the rematch, that is, but that's a 
different story. 

Anyway,theendingofthismatch 
was stellar. One of the Steiners 
tossed IRS off the ropes and as IRS 
came running back, the Steiner 
leaped up in the air and locked his 
legs around the still upright, and 
charging, IRS. 

The Steiner rolled backwards, 
dragging IRS with him and reversed 
positions by continuing to roll so that 
IRS ended up on his back with the 
Steiner straddling the fallen accoun-
tant for the pin. 

It was like Lemieux on a 
breakaway or a Jordan dunk or Mon-
tana to Rice. 

Well, maybe not, but it was close. 

4S7-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Booksrar) 

• Monday-Thursday 6 am-tl pm 
• Friday 6 am-midnighl 

• Saturday 7:30 am-midnight 
• Sunday 8 am-II pm r-------, 

:FREE: 
I Cappuccino, I I Mocha, or I I I 
I Frosted Mocha I I When you buy one of equal or cn::Uef value. ., 

OM~' ClUlOnWr , up. 613/93 

-------

CONTACT LENSES 
WITH 

EXAMINATION 
AND 

FOLLOW UP CARE 

$90/$180 
DAILY WEAR EXTENDED WEAR 

APPLIES TO SOFT, 
NON·ASTiGMATIC ONLY 

GAS PERMEABLE, TINTED, 
ASTIGMATIC & DISPOSABLE PKG 

2()OJOOff 
~ 
DEL MAR 

OPTOMETRIC CUNIC 
DR. GREGORY GRAHAM 

Call 755-5484 
1349 Camino Del Mar 
2 Mi les North on tOI 

g UCSD Alumni 
(tnXM bt combtned "'llh Nlgntd 1nsur'!'I(f 

• 



.' 

16 SPORTS 

GREGG 

-

Instructions 
FromQVC 

I fear for America's youth. 
Last Thursday two hardy souls 

and I, including professional 
wrestling Superfan Intrepid Phil, 
sallied forth to the San Diego Sports 
Arena for a night of WWF action. 

To those of you who have never 
been to a professional wrestling 
eVel}t, and I counted myself among 
you until ~ast week, it is quite an 
experience. Perhaps experience isn't 
the right word. But I liked it, and that 
is what scares me. 

I didn't think I would enjoy 
wrestling. No, I was one of the 
cultural elite who put the WWF 
r!?ughly equal to bass fishing TV 
shows and Bamey the Prehistoric 
Purple Marketing Machine as quasi-
entertainment for imbeciles. 
Wrestling has always been for those 
"other" people - the ones who 
attend UC Riverside, wear tank tops 
with semi trucks on them that say 
"Keep on Trockin'!" and drink 
Keystone for the taste. Not that I'm 
narrow-minded or anything, I just 
don't like those people. But now I'm 
filled with self-doubt because I've 
reached the shocking conclusion that 
live wrestling is almost as much fun 
as trying to spit on people from a 
20th story window. 

It was quite a spectacle. The 
Spons Arena was almost crowded 
with a less than overflowing 
audience of maybe 2,000. We 
wrestling fans are an exclusive lot, I 
suppose. AU the lights were off 
except for the spotlights on the 
squared circle in the middle of the 
arena. 

After several anxious moments 
.anticipating the forthcoming camage, 
it began with a series of smaller 
matches involving names like Virgil 
and Bam Bam. Bam Bam was an 
enonnously fat man who, according 
to Intrepid Phil, was amazingly quick 
for such a gargantuan. 

This proved to be slightly more 
mobile than your average oil tanker, 
but he did take care of a pathetic 
opponent named Kamala, whose 
main attraction was that he was 
stupid. He pre~nded to be so stupid 
that he once pinned Bam Bam on his 
stomach as if he didn ' t know better. 
Ha ha, it was absolutely hilarious, I 
tell you. I guess you had to be there. 
But it proved to be quite amusing to 
the rest of the fans, and this is where 
we get to the scary part. 

Intrepid Phil, whom I trust with my 
life and those of the nearest seven 
innocent bystanders when it comes to 
wrestling facto ids, said with all seri-
ousness that probably three-fourths of 
the people there were "marks." In other 
words, they believe that wrestling is 
real. 

These are the same people, I as-
sume, who believe Elvis is alive and 
well and working at an International 
House of Pancakes in Toledo and that 

See BAM BAM, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 20,1993 

2.00'" 301 294 595 8. Ia.em State 311 309 620 
3. Roche •• 302 306 608 8. Ott ........ n 316 312 628 
4. Methodist 307 302 609 9. AI ........ , 317 312 629 
IS. B.""""" ' 312 305 617 10.~ 

-~ ~~~~ 
323 311 634 

NCAA DIVISION III GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Holy Rollers In Control 
~UCSD insecood 
place behind Ohio Wesleyan's Bislq>s 

~rwo&ysmTocrey~ 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team is doing everything that Head 
Coach Mike Wydra said it would take to win. Right 
now though, it's not enough. In what is rapidly turning 
into a two-team competition, the Tritons trail the red-
hot Ohio Wesleyan team at the NCAA Division ill 
Golf National Championships at Torrey Pines by five 
strokes, 595-590 after two days of competition. 

The Bishops have been the story of the tournament. 
Although it's hard to call the 
second-ranked team in the coun-
try a surprise, OWU has never 
visited Torrey Pines before, and 
yet has rattled off two straight 
seven-over-par, 295 rounds. 

UCSD, which entered the 
tournament ranked third, shot a 
tournament-best round of 294 
yesterday,leaving them in strik-
ing distance for the final two 
days of the Championship. 

The Tritons got off to a fast 
start on Monday, rolling a round 

of30l, almost precisely where Wydra wanted them to 
be. The coach believed that a score of 1,200 could win 
the tournament and the Tritons' 301 on the flJ'St day was 
a good start to the four-day event. 

B utthat was before the Bishops got going. 'They're 
Ii very talented team that's playing great. I don't think 
[defending champion] Methodist can beat them this 
year. That's how good they are. How we fit into that 
scenario, we'll have to wait and see," Wydra said. 

Methodist, which has won the past three champion-
ships, is currently in fourth place with a score of 609. 
Third belongs to the University of Rochester at 608. 
With 13 strokes separating second from third, the 
Tritons are focused on only one team: OWU. ''They'll 
be hard to beat. They've got some good players that are 
playing well," said Triton sophomore Pete Roberts. 

But the Tritons are far from awed by their Midwest 
adversaries. UCSD had three players with one-over-
par 73 rounds yesterday, giving the team a balance 
from the f\l'St golfer to the fifth. Roberts, Brock Shafer 
and Dale Abrallam all tumed in 73s while the Tritons 
top man, Jeremy Moe, went around the par-72, 6,933-
yard course in 75. 

Shafer's 73 was almost agonizing, considering that 
he recorded the score after double-bogeying the final 
hole. Abraham double-bogeyed hole one before com-
ing back and birdieing the second and sixth, while Moe 
had to battle back from being four over after 11 holes. 

Jason RItchie/GUlWlfoWl 
Tom Brown tries to sink a putt durlna Monday'. action at Torrey PInel. 

"I hit it really well, I just couldn'r putt course. The sophomore shot an even-par 72 on 
today," Roberts said, echoing a common Triton Tuesday, then went out and bettered that perfor-
complaint. "I left a few out there." mance with a one-under 71 yesterday, giving 

"I played solidly and I hit the greens, butthe him a 143 total. Ohio Wesleyan's freshman 
putts were giving me trouble," Abraham said. phenom Tim Ailes was right behind Jenkins 
"But the team is doing pretty well. We're right with a 73-71 two-day total of 143. Rochester's 
about where we want to be." Joe Tomaso was the third player to notch a 71, 

''Two-ninety four is very, very good," Wydra also giving him a 144 total. 
said. "I like it a lot, but OWU is looking awfully The UCSD I~rs are Abraham and Rob-
good." erts, who are tied for fifth with a 148. Shafer is 

Individually, Methodist's Ryan Jenkins is right behind his teammates with a 149, while 
treating Torrey like·the local miniature golf See GOLF, page 15 

1I1eWeek 
The Headline MatChup: NCAA NatIonal Golf Cham~ today-FrIday, Torrey PInes. UCSD tees off at 9:10 a.m. today and Friday. 

Other Games: Men's teoois at the NCAA Nationals, today-Monday, Kalamazoo, Michigan. Crew at Pacific Coast Rowing Championships, Saturday.Sunday, Lake Natoma. 


