
Elsewhere 
Protestors M ..... 
At SINn for WRRC 
DAVIS - Thirteen people 
were arrested at the office of a 
UC Davis administrator 
following a sit-in to protest cuts 
in the budget of the school's 
Women's Resources and 
Research Center. Eleven 
students and two alumni were 
cited with trespassing when 
they refused to leave the office 
of Vice Chancellor and Provost 
Larry Vanderhoef. The center's 
funding will be cut in half if UC 
Davis' proposed 1993-94 
budget is approved. 

Police Mace Student 
Protestors at UC8 
BERKEl!.EY - Four UC 
Berkeley students were maced 
and 46 others were cited last 
week during a protest to 
demand higher academic 
standing for three minority 
studies fields. The protestors 
entered Chancellor Chang-Lin 
Tien's office and strung a sign 
across the building's entrance 
that said, "We've taken over 
the building." In an attempt to 
make way for employees to 
leave the building, the pblice 
forced past protestors blocking 
the building 's door. During the 
ensuing scuffle, police sprayed 
mace at 10 to 15 students and 
squarely hit four of the 
protestors. The students are 
seeking department status for 
UC Berkeley's Chicano, 
American and Native Ameri-
can studies programs. 

ucsa May Drop Black 
Studies ProfellOl' 
SANTA BARBARA - UCSB 
refused to renew the contract of 
popular Black studies lecturer 
Otis Madison. The UCSB 
Black Studies Department 
called the decision racist and is 
appealing the dismissal in 
hopes of persuading adminis-
trators to offer Madison a three-
year contract. A UCSB official 
said that although professors 
are allowed to apply for a 
contact after 18 months at the 
university, the majority of those 
applicants are turned down. 

Inside 

DURAN2 
HIATUS: The Guardian 
talks with Simon LeBon of 
Duran Duran. . H1 

SPORTS: Triton baseball 
eviscerates the hapless Cal 
Tech Beavers, 28-2. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .• .. ... ........ .. .. ..... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES .. .... ...... 3 
OPINION ...... ................ ... ..... 4 
SPECTACLE .... ........ ..... ...... HI 
SPORTS ..... .. .. ... ... .... .... .. ...... 9 
CLASSmED ... ... .. .... .... ..... . 10 

T 

UCSANDIEGO 

Grad Student 
Murdered 
By Husband 
CRIME: Victim taught intro 
to Hebrew classes; estranged 
husband turned gun on himself 
By PhlUp Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Approximately 500 people attended an April 
11 memorial service at Tifereth Memorial Syna-
gogue for Lois Garber, a UCSD graduate stu-
dent in the Judaic Studjes program who was 
murdered on April 5. 

Accordjng to Sgt. Bob Cook of the San 
Diego County Sheriff's Department, Garber, 
49, was shot by her estranged husband, Jacob 
B iren, at Biren 's home on 9702 Alto Drive in the 
Mt. Helix area. Immedjately after shooting 
Garber, Biren shot and fatally wounded himself 
with the .38 caliber pistol. 

He died the next day. 
Garber and Biren were married September, 

1992, said Asher Garber, 22, a son from a 
previous marriage. According to Garber, the 
marriage of his mother to Biren was very rushed. 

"[Biren] is one of those people who just 
arrived on the scene. Before I knew it, he was 
living with my mother," Garber said. 

Garber described the relationship between 
his mother and Biren as rocky, adding that Biren 
was often suspicious of his wife and took con-
trol over most of her life. Garber called Biren 
"very controlling," forbidding Lois Garber to 
speak with her friends and accusing her of 
infidelity. BirenwasalsoknowntotakeGarber's 
keys and rig the garage door so that it would not 
open. 

"It was a simple case of spousal abuse," said 
Asher Garber. "He mentally abused her through-
out the relationship." 

"While she wanted to leave him, she still 
loved him," Garber added. 

Since their marriage last fall, Garber had left 
Biren three times, the latest estrangement oc-
curring on Friday, April 2, three days before the 
murder. 

According to Asher Garber, his mother went 
to B iren 's house on Sunday, April 4 at approxi-
mately 5 p.m. to retrieve her belongings. Biren 
was at the home, and he and Lois Garber began 
talking. 

Biren's adopted son was also present and 
stayed there until approximately 6:30p.m., when 
Biren asked him to leave. 

See DEATH, Page 7 

DIn McOoweli/Guanfan 
ComnutIcatloni Graduate Student .,... 
Mazzocco won .... Emmy yesterday. 

H E u c 5 D 

THURSDAY, APRIL IS, 1993 VOLUME 79, ISSUE 6 

THE SUN GoD'S BLESSING 

SaulleYine/ Guantian 
Revelle SenIor Alice Sta1ford takes a moment to catch up on her readlne while the Sun 
God looks on approvingly. The sunny weather should continue through the weekend. 

Groups Boycott Advisory Board 
GOVERNMENT: Fonner DeB 
member's plan for board under 
A.S. jurisdiction gains support 
By CtwIs Jensen 
Associate News Editor 

In an effort to break the standoff between 
student organizations and the UCSD adminis-
tration over Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph Watson's decision to "disestablish" the 
University Center Board (VCB), fonner UCB 
Fifth College representative Andrew Clark has 
outlined a compromise proposal that would 
create an advisory board under the auspices of 
the Associated Students. 

Meanwhile, the University Centers Advi-
sory Board (VCAB) met for the first time yes-
terday for an "orientation session." 

Watson created the UCAB to replace the 
UCB, which he disbanded on Feb. 4 after the 
board took legal action against the administra-
tion in an attempt to clarify its legal position 
within the university. 

Several member organizations continue to 
boycott the new board, despite the UCB's fail-
ure to win a court injunction to reverse Watson's 
decision 

Muir College and the Graduate Student As-
sociation (GSA) did not send representatives to 

the UCAB's first meeting, and representatives 
from the AS. , Third College, Fifth College and 
the Student Affirmative Action Committee 
(SAAC) attended the meeting only as observ-
ers. 

AS. President Mike Holmes said the AS. 
intends to "stay informed" until May 7, when 
the administration will attempt to have the UCB' s 
case dismissed at a hearing in San Diego County 
Superior Court. 

Despite the continued boycott, Warren Col-
lege representative Aaron Goodman said he 
was "very optimistic" about the new board. 

"[lbe representatives] came away from the 
meeting feeling positive about this board and 
how it will be an integral part of the university," 
he said 

Others are not so supportive. Clark said he 
considers the UCAB 's current structure as "sub-
ordinate" to the admjnistration, and although an 
A.S.-sponsored body would accept the 
administration's stance on the advisory role 
of the board, Clark said he believes his proposi-
tion will give the board more freedom to dis-
agree with the administration. 

''There are extremists on both sides of the 
issue," Clark said. ''The university is seeking 
absolute control over the centers. There are a 

See UCB, Page 3 

Student Wins Emmy for Sports Special 
By Karen Chene 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD Communications graduate student 
Dennis Mazzocco received an Emmy Award 
yesterday for his work on the NBC production 
team of the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. He and 
other members of the technical crew won the 
Emmy for Best Edited Sports Special. 

This is Mazzocco's fifth Emmy award for 
media coverage and production. 

His previous work includes associate direct-
ing for total boxing coverage at the Barcelona 
boxing venue as well as producing features on 
U.S. Olympic Boxing Gold Medalist Oscar de 
la Hoya. 

He received his first Emmy for production 
work on the Wide World of Sports in 1981; his 
second for the 1984 Olympics telecast in Los 
Angeles; the third for directing and co-writing 
"ABC Notebook," a series of documentaries 
aimed at educating youth on different topics; 
and the fourth award for covering swimming 
and diving events at the NBC network center 
during the 1988 Olympic games in Seoul. 

"Before I went to Barcelona, I worked at the 
U.S. boxing trials last year, which led up to the 
Olympics," Marrocco said. 

"During the course of those two telecasts, I 
did a series of profiles on djfferent U.S. boxers 

See EMMY, Page 7 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 15, 1993 

Professor Gives New 
Definition to Eating Well 

ETCETERA. • • 
PAll. SAUMAN: Lecture focuses on errors in the 
government's nutritional recommendations 

CALVIN & HOBSE·S by Bill Watterson 

By KIrsten IIIIMnon 
StaffWrlter 

Despite everything your parents 
taught you, that Twinkie might be 
good for you after all, according to 
UCSD Biology Professor Paul 
Saltman. 

In a Monday lecture entitled 
"Read It, Then Eat It," Saltrnan de-
fended fat and sugar 
as nccessary for life. 
but called for mod-
eration in all eating 
habits. 

He also noted that while the re-
port recommended people curtail 
their salt intake to avoid hyperten-
sion, Salnnan contends that "salt 
doesn't cause hypenension - bad 
kidneys do." 

In fact, he added. the average 
hlDTUlll body needs seven to lOgrams 
of salt a day to function properly. 

"It is important 
fora person to know 
exactly what 45 
chemicals the body 
needs," Saltman said. 

According to 
Saltman, research 
into nutrition sci-
erlCe began during 
World War I, when 
scientists began to 
investigate what nu-
trients would help 
avert starvation for 
people affected by 
the worldwide farn-
ine in addition to 
looking fortheopti-
mal diet for soldiers 
fighting in the 
trenches. 

From this re-
search, the United 
States developed 
both the four basic 
food groups and the 

MFood Is one 
of human kind 
and animal 
kind'. greateat 
..... ons. Eat 
to enjoy. Food 
Is sensuality. " 

Most nutritional 
diseases such as al-
coholism, drug ad-
diction, anorexia 
andobesity are self-
abusive, and there-
fore it is a person's 
own responsibility 
to eat a nutrition-
ally balanced diet. 
"Real doctors hate 
treating self-abuse 
diseases, unless the 
person wantstohelp 
[himselt]," he said. 

To stay healthy, 
Saltman suggests 
that people main-
tain their ideal body 
weight and take 
those vitamin and 

-hul SaIbMn, 
Biology Professor 

BRIEFLY ••• 

."T llSI'. ~E. CURITY! l~ 
S£1ol~tIcr Ie;, El'O"R PIJ~. 
swtrr TRlJnI ~ A ~I\.£., 

COMT£.~~ ISLE LIE ! ()lE 
OR ~ OnlEo.! NOTIIIIIG 

It-\ B8V01EE~! 

~~==-. .:: p ,-:. '. 

,Ur 
, --:-::: 

United States Recommended Daily 
Allowance (USRDA), which has 
governed American eating habits 
for half a century. 

mineral supplements that contain 
I OOpercentofUSRDA government 
suggestions. 

"The simplest way to maintain 
your ideal body weight is to weigh 
yourself every day; if you [weigh] 
more, eat less." 

Biology Professor Wins Guggenheim Fellowship 
"If a person takes the USRDA 

suggestions. chances are 98.9 per-
cent that they will not suffer any 
deficiencies," Saltman said. 

However, U.S. policy on nutri-
tion has not always been clear, or 
even based on scientific facts. he 
added. 

Sallman pointed to the 
McGovern Committee, Health and 
Human Services and the Depart-
ment of Agriculture for publishing 
nutritional findings in I 980that were 
not based on scientific data and ac-
tually gave advice that contradicted 
themselves. 

While the report advised people 
to "eat adequate starch" in order to 
get the recommended 120 grams of 
glucose a day. they also suggested 
that people "avoid sugar." Accord-
ing to Saltrnan, sugar is actually just 
a derivative of glucose. and func-
tions in exactly the same manner 
once digested. 

CSO ESCORT 

For a healthy diet, he advised 
people to eat a linle less and exercise 
more. Nevertheless, he said people 
consider eating a great pleasure. 

"Food is one of human kind and 
animal kind's greatest passions. Eat 
to enjoy," Saltman said. "Food is 
sensuality." 

Salbnan has taught at UCSD 
since 1967. His latest publications 
have focused on free radical mecha-
nisms and the way copper and other 
trace elements cause oxidative 
mechanisms to destroy protein. He 
has also recently studied the role of 
trace elements in the development 
of osteoporosis. He has appeared on 
television shows such as Donahue 
to defend his views on nutrition. 
The lecture was sponsored by the 
Student Health Advisory Commit-
tee. 

534-WALK 

UCSD Biology Professor Suresh Subramani was 
selected to receive a Guggenheim Fellowship by the 
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. 

Subramani is one of 146 artists, scholars and 
scientists nationwide selected by the Guggenheim foun-
dation to receive grants totaling $3,925,000. 

Subramani will use the grant to fund research on 
protein transport to peroxisomes. 

ScrIpps Recelv .. $1 Million 
Endowment for MMne Biology 

Scripps Institute of Oceanography has received $1 
million to establish an endowment fund to support 
scientifIC research in marine biological processes from 
the Arthur M. and Olga T. Eisig and Arthur M, and Kate 
Eisig Tode Foundation. 

The endowment will support research to understand 
the relationship between marine ecosystems, the ocean 's 
chemical ar:KI physical characteristics and the earth's 
climate. 

Funds will go toward supporting Innovative research 
projects, post-doctoral fellowships, new scientists and 
general scientific operations. 

In recognition of the gift, the aquarium portion of 
Scripps' Stephen Birch Aquariu~useum will be named 
the "Arthur M. and Kate E. Tode Hall of Fishes.' The gift 
was given to honor the Tode famlly's love of the sea and 
concem for the earth's environment. 

UCSB Professor to Lecture 
On Apache Initiation Ceremony 

uc Santa Barbara Professor lnes M. Talamantez will 
examine the Apache female initiation ceremony, 
lsanlk/esh Gotal, in an April 22 lecture at Peterson Hall 
108 at8 p.m. 

The lecture will explore the ceremonial transformCT 
tion of a Mescalero Apache from adolescence to WO~ 
anhood through eight days and eight nights of thought. 
speech, song and motion. 

Burke grew up in the San Diego area and received her 
BA and Ph.D. at UCSD. 

She is currently an associate professor of religious 
studies at UC Santa Barbara, where she created the first 
Ph.D. program In the country for Native American rel~ 
gious studies. 

The lecture is free and open to the public. 

The Guardian 
'weather fSPOlt 

r6:OO P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 
Be Safe. Don'( Walk Alone! TIIurs:67"/56· FrI: 68·/58' Sat: 67"/58· Yeat.relay: 67"/57" 

--!he 1.CSO~ISPIdII1III"'" ..s1llndlWldlltlllll ..-c,...\IJ ..sulll ..... dlJCSl).~dea~In .. bm.""'In"'IIIInI*l""'''''''''" 
IIIklIIIIdtIIIed. e19!l3. II ... __ "" I.tSO IltMIIIt II nat IIIQOnIIIIIIb III !tUn .. 
II'IdcMII ~1II11l1lll"""''''''lnpIIiCI..s II*' _or ___ iIIftIII 
~ __ a..- d "" 1.tSO~ a.lIMnIIrdCllbnil, ora. ~ 
SiudIra. !he I.tSO ~ Is ... .., \IJ ........ l1li1 11M ID NIt.1'InII? 

IlEH-BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, AssocIate Gisphlcs Editor 
MlQUa BUCdNMEYIR, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, AssocI8fe News Editor 

Source: Natlonal Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
lEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, AssocIBfe HIBfUS Editor 
CHili ~!_AssocIBfe News Editor 

ROGER IWU, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 

PHILIP MlCHAB.S, Opinion Editor 
IEJIf NIEIEL, HIatus Editor 

JASON Rfl'CHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT Associate Sports Editor 

DAVID iiiiiW, Associate FellltUres Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

_ STAIF WIIIIIIIIc Jen~ Gel.".. DIn iIIIUII. MdMW RoOInIOn. IInItt 
RI¥1e. MIchMI Schw8rtz. Shefyt WOIc:Ott 
.......... El8lneCimulo. KI1IIaCllperUr, MJertGar1I111C11.~ HIIIieIson. 
_ ....... -..-.o.,eJohneon. RocIIIk:kt.ee.1Ien lMffne. Wlndl'McHeII, 
"*-- Moen, Me ..... PIIA PI1IIipI. .f PII\III1t. Ely RIIIInI. Blllr 1ItcIIey. Kn 
SUo fItu s-n.. IIree SeteI. AIIU J. Sherman. Knn SpIeeII. GnIpy Stephens 
DIII8III CCIfIMII.TAIfT: -'- CollIer 

EdItorIeI: 534e580, BuIIne .. 0tIIc:e: 534-3488. Fell: 534-7691 
IJCSD GuatrIIsn, 9&00 Gilman DrI¥e 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-CW.6 
__ : s.-.G 1'Ioor. UCSO ..... c.ar IuiIdIrC 'A' 

Thunday, April 15, 1993 

U CD: Advisory 
Board holds its first 
meeting. 
ContInued from PICe 1 
few students who feel they should 
have absolute control over the cen-
ters ... [but] there has to be coopera-
tion in the governance of the cen-
ters." 

Oark presented his proposal to 
the A.S. Council at its meeting last 
week and discussed the rnatter sub-
sequentlywith Watson. Watson said 
he is committed to the UCAB but is 
still "open" to alternative sugges-

tions. 
Former UCB Chair Chris 

Burnett, who is spearheading the 
UCB's continued legal effons 
against the adminstration, said he 
had spoken with Oark about his 
proposal and that although he had 
some problems with it, he saw it as 
an improvement over the current 
situation. 

"Although it's better than 
Watson's Advisory Board, I still 
think it's problematic because of 
the legitimacy of having [excluded] 
the GSA," he said. 

However, he added "I think An-
drew [Clark] is well-intentioned." 

Experience Necessary (BIt HHelpal 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dan McDoweII/ GuMlt/., 
VIce Chancellor Watson set up 
the new facilities board. 

The Guardian is now accepting applications for Editor in Chief 
for the 1992-93 academic year. Applications should include a cover letter, 
resume, and clips and are due Fridoy, Apri130. Submit your application to the 
Guardian offices on the second floor of the old Student Center or mail it to: 
The UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La JoIIa, CA 92093-0316 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 534-6580 

fonnerly 
TORREY'S 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
])ADRES • DODGERS ' G1ANTS • HIW::; • ATH1..ET'ICS 

E Sfl «l,l~ Mj Tj Y;t.KEES cDA~rrnBi\..bh u) A N S 
• B L {J llJ A PV, BRA ;.; E S 
I RATE VA ""~, ... · T ] G E R S 

ASTROS • EXPOS 

ORIOLES ' BREWERS • CARDINALS 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 

NEWS 3 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
WIUon VItfta - VICe Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson 
spoke at last night's meetI~ about the A.S. General Election referendum 
question nurmer four, which asked students whether they thought that he 
and the OffICe of Student Affairs were "responsive to student needs." He 
said that he perceives the reason behind the council's placement of the 
question on the ballot was to improve the services provided by Student 
Affairs, and urged the council to come up with specific grievarlCes. He added 
that high retention and graduation rates seem to suggest that the Office of 
Student Affairs Is doing a good job. "We [at Student Affairs) conclude that 
Student Affairs is serving students well," Watson said. However, he said he 
welcomed specific criticism from the courICiI. "We [at Student Affairs) 
welcome working with you, • Watson said. He added that he expected to hear 
constructive comments and suggestions from the council within a few 
weeks regarding which of the 40 departments and programs provided by 
Student Affairs needs improvement. 

FIICIIItI_ ..... - In his executive report, President Mike Holmes 
discussed his "unofficial" visit to the University Center Advisory Board 
(UCAB), the new facilities board set up by Vice Chancellor Watson to replace 
the University Center Board (UCB). He said that in addition to the A.S., Third 
and Rfth Colleges sent representatives to observe the UCAB proceedings, 
which is now trying to draw up a charter with representatives from Warren 
and Revelle Colleges, faculty, staff, and alumni. Holmes said that he 
believed the council should appoint a representative to the new board 
because It is currently lacking in student input. 

The board will decide important student issues, such as the 24-hour 
study lounge, AS. office space, and budget cOrlCems. "If we choose to put 
a representative on this board, it doesn't mean we can 't fight the battles 
we 've been fighting. It doesn't mean we can't move towards a student 
union, ' Holmes said, arguing that an A.S.·appointed representative would 
not indicate that the A.S. supported the UCAB. The council discussed the 
possibility of appointing a representative during Council Caucus, and in a 
non-binding straw poil vote, the majority of the councii indicated their 
support for this action. 

In other news surrounding the UCAB, first-year Warren Senator Bik-Na 
Park told the council that she submitted a "vague" proposal for a 24-hour 
study area to the UCAB. 

RoIIIIII ............. - Warren Junior Senator Julie Robbins submitted 
a letter of reSignation following last week's controversial appointment of 
Nick Endres as Vice President Extemal. In that debate last week, Robbins, 
who was chair of the Personnel Committee, strongly questioned the 
constitutionality of his appointment. because Endres was not interviewed 
by the Personnel Committee as is required in the A.S. constitution. Ajudicial 
board hearing on this matter is already underway. In her letter, Robbins 
wrote, "I can no longer sit on a council that lacks respect and common ' 
courtesy ... I wish next year's council the best and hope that they can learn 
to be a team and respect each other as human beings: 

- ComplIed by ElaIne camuso, Staff Writer 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Menacing Editor 

FRANCISCO [)(VRIES, News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

n.. UCSD CiuIIdIerI le IIUIIIiIhed \WIce ........... u.w..It)o '" c._. SIn DieID. CanI8nts C1"3. ________ "'1IIIjOIIly _ "' ... _ .. _.end ... not 
~_ of ... uc IIoenI 01 Ropna .... ASUCSO. nor ... -.. __ etaII. 

Just under five percent ofUCSD undergraduates bothered to vote 
in last week's A.S. elections, a fact that will no doubt add to the 
dubious legacy of apathy which students have carved out for 
themselves in recent years. When only 740 out of roughly 14,800 
students manage to find their way to the polls, low voter turnout is 
no longer simply distressing or troubling - it becomes downright 
pathetic. 

But only a fair amount of invective can be hurled at the 95 percent 
of the undergraduate population who neither had the time nor the 
inclination to cast their votes. While it is true that these students are 
partly to blame for the sorry state of campus government, the fact 
remains one can hardly fault them for not leaping at the chance to 
stuff the ballot box. More often than not, students view the A.S. with 
a mild disdain (if they even view the A.S. at all). Common percep-
tions among students are that the A.S. is guilty of being everything 
from ineffectual to insignificant. 

There are many reasons underlying these perceptions, some of 
which have been discussed extensively in the Guardian for the past 
few weeks. And some of the problems that face the A.S. cannot be 
solved easily - if there was any way to wave a magic wand to 
produce a greater number of candidates, it would have been done 
long ago. Still, there are ways to go about improving the perception 
of the A.S. and thereby, increasing voter turnout. Quite simply, the 
campaign process is badly in need of change. 

Right now, the only methods for studel)ts to get even an inkling 
of who's running for what office, let alone what they stand for, is to 
read the GU£lrdian election issue or to study the hastily-constructed 
A-frames and posters that liner the campus for the frrsttwo weeks of 
spring. While certainly useful in their own right, there is no way that 
those two methods are sufficient for making an intelligent decision 
on whom to elect. There needs to be another forum in which the 
candidates can present their ideas. 

Some may point out that there is already such an event, namely 
a candidates' forum on the Monday before the elections, where 
potential officeholders speak at the Price Center during lunch. But 
anyone who has ever attended this event realizes that it is a complete 
farce - a few candidates speaking for a couple of minutes to an 
uninterested multitude and the occasional passerby, hardly a stirring 
enactment of the democratic process. 

By "candidate forum," we mean a debate held indoors in front of 
students who are actuauy interested in hearing about the issues, as 
opposed to eating lunch. The candidates would be given time to 
speak and, even more importantly, time to debate each other on 
differences of opinion. Even the audience could be involved, in a 
format similar to the much-praised town meetings used in the 1992 
presidential debates. 

Would this immediately solve the problem of voter apathy? Not 
by a long shot. It's likely that the vast majority ofUCSD students still 
could not possibly care less about the A.S. elections. Even an 
optimist would have to conclude that even with these new forums, 
voter turnout would only slightly increase at best. But this is beside 
the point. If the A.S. wants to have a more legitimate, participatory 
election, then candidate forums are a must. Forums are not the only 
solution, by any means, but they are an important step in improving 
a pathetic situation. 

TlmmbsUpto 
Muir College ••• 

... for establishing a new environmental studies minor. Designed 
to accommodate both science and non-science majors, the minor 
will give students insight into pressing environmental problems. 

Students minoring in environmental studies will be able to choose 
from social studies and hard science classes focusing on issues from 
atmospheric chemistry to the economics of the environment. They 
will also be able to sample courses in departments ranging from 
Applied Mechanics and Engineering Sciences to Philosophy. 

The minor will give students the background they need to make 
intelligent decisions on environmental issues, a particularly impor-
tant skill considering the time and money spent on such problems 
today. 

.,. , . , i , I , . , 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 15, 1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

SINGING THE SAME OLD SONG, 
BUT HEARING ANEW MESSAGE 

COMMENTARY: Music can be considered a unifying force, but we can't happily 
dwell on the hannony to come when our present world is in such a precarious state 

,.;:~~~;\,::' . 
GAYE 

JDHJ15Dn 

I love reggae music. So I agree 
with Gregory Stephens' notion that 
"heanbeat riddim serves as a force 
for cultural unity ("A Linle Dab' lI 
Do Ya: Rethinking the 'One Drop'" 
April 4). But that's where I stop as 
far as loosely suggesting that music 
will "bring people together." Reggae 
music - and music in general -
can't be looked at in such happy-go-
lucky terms as those advanced in last 
week's commentary on Marley's 
world view. 

As one of my pro-
fessors told me, you 

can't be afraid to 'tease the doubts'; music 
- and this world, for that matter - just 
isn't that idealistic. In fact, I think that 
choosing to perceive and advance music in 
that way is not only shol1sighted, it's down-
right exclusionary of the facts of life, of 
what's really going on in society. 

multiculturalism. You'll be advocating an ideally appre-
ciative world when you think you 're talking about a 
pluralist one. 

Rapper Ice Cube champions Black Liberation as 
Marley did. But these are new contexts: 

Check your headfor the new style 
Fuck Lawrence Powell 
and Briseno, Wind and Koon 
pretty soon 
we'll fuck them like they lucked us ... 
Fightin' with the beast 
No justice no peace ... 
I can hear the PMRC suppol1ers cringing; violence is 

so mindlessly disturbing to them. Songs 
like this predicted the Los Angeles upris-
ing last spring. And not listening to what 
many people like lee Cube are saying 
leaves too many people happily conceptu-
alizing the hannonious world to come. 

Saying that the bi-racial Bob Marley 
"refused to choose sides as black or white" 
misses a point: he had no choice but to 
choose sides. Just because a black man 
stresses humanity doesn't mean he lives it. 
Marley could idealize a humane world, he 
could be a humane person, but Marley 
himself would have told Stephens that he 
was not a human in the eyes of this govern-
ment. And he probably would have said 
much the same thing today. 

Ifyou"too 
caught Up In the 
notion", ..... 

I'm not saying it's not going to happen 
some time. But living in and for a static 
future cenainly suggests that the very 
people who have a stake in it aren't being 
listened to. And it most cenainly cannot 
help the here and now. 

Most contemporary music by 
marginalized groups will tell you a story 
you don't want to hear. But it 's an inge-
nious and important contestation of domi-
nance in an arena of pop culture that even 

Stephens' perpetual advancement of 
music bringing people together is a nice 
idea, and one I readily agree with in a 
timely and realistic context. But don't get 
too comfonable with that ideology, be-
cause that day is still a few light-years 
away. Marley offered to us a beautiful 
understanding of humankind, but he would 
undoubtedly be the flllit to warn us -

.. ....".... 
farce wllllOUt: 
..... 

becIqp'ound 
............ of 
___ a 

reIIecIIon ", .... 
ctf8Isof 
...... 1IdI1d, 
you' .......... 
..... of 
muIIIcu ............ 

up. 

the most conservative Caucasians have to 
admit they love. Even those ([ can already 
hear you) who swear up and down that 
they don't, are going to hear some fonn of 
this music in whatever they listen to. And 
I'm sure I'll see you all at the Ice-T/Body 
Count concert. 

Without going into the history of popu-
lar culture, I can only say that if you want 
to claim you know what's the best for the 
future, you'd bener start listening to the 
present and take it for what it is - messed 

espedally Stephens - that this understanding would be 
a long time in coming for the rest of the world. 

Undoubtedly people who share a loose conception of 
music as a unifying force see the disunity all around us. 
But if you get too caught up in this notion without some 
background knowledge of music as a reflection of the 
crisis of humankind, you ' ll be a high priest of 

Reggae music is equally telling in its reflection of the 
crisis of humankind. It's easy to find if you're looking. 

Stephens' quote of Marley about reggae, "who feels it 
knows it," is true. If you can feel the essence of that music, 
you can see the essence of humankind, and how things 

See MUSIC, Page 6 

Thursday, April 15, 1993 

AN UNEQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY 
IN EnUCATION 
COMMENTARY: Learning 
today is no longer about what 
you know, but where you live 
and how much money you have 
ByJ ..... Tocco 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

I recently read a terribly depressing story in 
the April 5 edition of Time magazine. It wasn't 
about the suffering in Somalia, the hopeless 
environmental situation or the offensive morals 
flaunted by a group of Los Angeles adolescents. 
It was about education, or more precisely, a lack 
of it. Entitled "Schools Out - Of Cash," the 
anicle reported on a high school in Kalkaska, 
Michigan that was forced to close its doors 
prematurely because of financial constraints-
$1 .5 million in the hole, to be exact. This news 
disturbed me deeply, for what does it tell chil-
dren about the value of their education in this 
country? . 

I will not exhaust any eyes with boring facts 
about state-run prison systems that spend more 
money on individual prisoners than is spent on 
each individual high school student or studies 
that directly link the economic and technologi-
cal success of a society with its educational 
system - such studies fail miserably in their 
attempts to contrast the educational system of 
the prosperous Japan with that of the ailing 
United States. The issue is not an issue at all. It's 
simple: schools are out of cash. That's depress-
ing. 

When professional athletes' requests for lu-
crative salary increases are not met, they go on 
strike. The fans become bored. The team-owo-
ers lose some money. But, in the end, the ath-
letes are usually granted their demands. And 
when prisoners are not receiving the goods they 
desire, such as color TV, tasty food or comfort-
able sleeping conditions, they riot. A few pris-
oners end up dead. A handful of guards are taken 
hostage. But, as with the athletes, the prisoners' 
demands are usually met within a few days, and 
life goes on. Is this what children need to do in 
order to be offered more literature classes, save 
their football team or receive a full year of 
quality education? Strike, riot or take some 
hostages? 

The other tragedy exposed here is that the 
quality of a child's education, like everything 
else today, is fueled by cash. Currently, schools 
obtain the majority of their money from local 
property taxes. Thus, if you are Brenda Walsh of 
Beverly Hills, you can expect a full academic 
year of safe, quality education in a favorable 
environment. However, if you happen to be 
Johnny Student living just 12 miles south of 
90210, you might be better off transferring to 
Kalkaska High. It is depressing that a mere 12 
miles can inhibit a child from reaching his full 
intellectual potential. Sure, it is up to each 
student to utilize education to its full potential, 
but if books are limited, access to teachers is 
challenging and school doors are closed when 
they should be open, not much learning and 
even less utilization are possible. 

The only practical solution that represents an 
unbiased educational oppol1unity for all chil-
dren is statewide equal distribution of educa-
tional funds. Even a quick glance at the educa-
tional environment will reveal the need for this 
kind of radical change: some schools are doing 
well, making good on their promise to produce 
bright, energetic, }!oung adults, while others are 
closing and locking the doors in March . 

It is my understanding that schools with less 
funding typically have a higher number of drop-
outs, crime repons and teen pregnancies. The 
reasons for this trend are out of my field of 
expel1ise. However, [ hypothesize that if the 
financially desperate schools were given fund-
ing that is somewhat close to those wealthy 
schools. these depressing statistics that are com-

See SCHOOL, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

cor.wENTARY: In the mad rush to assign guilt and root out oppressors, professors 
and students alike are not learning about history, but insteOO, tearing it apart 

TAKING THE AXE TO HISTORY 

MATT 

-

Accmting to some at 
the university and else-
where, the United States 
is an undeniably racist 
nation. We have even 
become accustomed to 
the· common and shrill 
cry of those critics who 
say that America is a na-
tion of hypocrites in-
volved in the biggest ' 
show and sham in his-
tory. Consider a descrip-
tion of America by John 
H. Clarke, professor 

emeritus of Africana studies at New York's 
Hunter College. 

'This nation," he declares, "was founded as a 
haven for free white Protestant males, middle 
class and up, who agree with the prevailing status 
quo. Everyone else in this counny who thinks 
they're going to get democracy is kidding them-
selves." 

American history, from this perspective, is 
just another chapter in the epic saga of the dead 
white males gone oppressing. America is above 
all things an exclusionary and oppressive WASP 
state acceptable only with some radical transfor-
mation. This comic book inleJpretation ofhistory 
would be laughable, perhaps, were it not coming 
from a professor. 

Fortunately, the reality of history and the 
complexitiesofhuman irUractiondo not bear out 
this narrow-minded and simplistic view of 
America. Uponreflection, Oa!ke's viewiscIearly 
more calculated haired than studied observation. 

America will always be guilty in the eyes of 
, the utopian. No nation has set its sights higher or 
attempted to accomplish more tIvough freedom 
than the United States of America. And this 
inevitably rneam that America will always fall 
short of its own dream. 

When ProfessorC1adc.e, like so many of those 
on the Left, portray the United Stares as a nation 
of ~ they fail to understand that almost 
every group has come to America with oppres-
sionandevilinitspast. This does not excuse eviIs 
here or abroad. But the America judged with 
referen::e to history and to other nations is pr0-
foundly diffetmt from an America judged in a 
utopian vacuwn. 

Thomas SoweD describes the heroic rise and 
integration of the 1argest immigrant groups in the 
United Stares in his book Ethnic America. This 
book contradicts much of the accepted wisdom 
which uses guilt and past injustices for political 
gain. The point is not who was most oppressed 
but what it has meant to become an American. 

Among the most discriminated groups in 
history were the Irish. The Irish came to America 
OUlofsheereconomicdesperationduetofamine. 
The voyage of the Irish was marked by cargo 
ships with no toilet facilities, where each emi-
grant slept on three by six planks with two feet 
separ.uing them from other 00nks. Women had 
to sleep sitting on their meager belongings to 
avoid rape. Disease, tilth and horrendous stench 
werecommon.FromheretheIrisherleredpacked 
cities to find signs saying, ''Irish need not apply." 
They often Jook jobs considered too dangerous 
for slaves. From these odds, the Irish have con-
triOOted to American culture and society in im-
measurabIe ways. 

For Professor CIarlc:e and other guilt-mon-
gers, the Irish are no doubt indistinguishab 
accomplices in the attempt to oppress. Oarte 
does not see in Irish history, a group c:i people 
struggling to succeed. No, he merely coOOemns 
them bIiMIy to a nebulow; group of dominating 
whites. Jewish and ~ta1ian immigrants also faced 
many trials in their attempt to flee difficuhies at 
home only to find themselves heaped into white 
oppressor categories of CIartc's Amcrika. 

Tacidy,ofcourse.theanempttogroupAmeri-
cans into insuIaredmic groups isa power play. It 
guarantees a constituency and limits the debate 
within those groups. We are lead to believe that 
wtil the government intervened, America was 
monolithically racist. This is simply W1IIUe. But 
then again to let reality enter into the false c0n-
structions of the fanalic's historical intetp'eta-
tions is to invite the end to such ignorance. 

Examples abound in American history of 

religious groups and private charities helping 
~gardlessofraceorbadgrouOO.AftertheEman­
cipation Proc1amationmany groups arose to help 
ex-slaves become educated In less than one 
decade the American Missionary Associalion 
established more than I,<XX> schools and sent 
more than 2,<XX> teachers into the SolKh. 

Those heroic school teachers, three-quaners 
of whom were women, faced incredible odds. 
They were often demeaned and attacked. But 
they fought on to lay the foundations of education 
in the South. W.E.B. Du Bois called their w<rt 
''the finest thing in American history." 

Undoubtedly modem racists who see radical 
revolution as the only way to solve the ills and 
hypocrisies of American society would be abIeto 
explain these actions as some part of the 

establi.shme~'s continuing onsIaughl Or they 
wouldcondemnthereligiousoriginoftheactions 
as rooted in some ulterior motive. 

These few examples refute the claim that 
America is incurably racist and filled with white 
moral hypocrites. The constant cry of racism and 
white male dominance should be understood for 
what it is: a political tactic ittended to justify any 
action nomanerhow vioIent or outrageous and as 
a rne.am to political gain. 

What is going on at the university, UCSD 
included, is that very few people are Ieaming 
about those ideas which unite us as Americans. 
Every university student is acquainted with the 
white man oppessor theories. What they lack is 
a balaoceabout what is good and true in America. 

The Declaration of Independence and the 
Comtitution were not signed as the histOOcaI 
cuhnination of utopia but were intended as a 
reservoir of ideas. Ideas such as fi'eedom and 
equality under the laws, however imperfealy 
manifest at any ITlOI1'lest., are ideas to which the 
truly oppressed might appeal toascommoogools 
of all Americans. 

The egregious lack of police and high inci-
dence of crime in the inner city is a violalion of 
equal prottJCtion under the laws. But I base this on 
the ideals of this naIion, not on a vague and 
myopic theory of oppression. To exploit these 
tragedies as another racist f()()lJQe in the long list 
of white American villainy is to ignore the many 
people in this nation of every race and ethnic 
group who in their hean ofheans hope to change 
America for the better. 

THE ADl\flNISTRATIONDOES NOT OWE Us TAMPONS 
Editor: 

I have advice for all those stricken by the 
recent decision by the administration to stop 
stocking feminine supplies in bathrooms: get 
a job. Save up some money and buy yourself 
a feminine sanitary product. Then, the week 
that your period is due, carry it around with 
you. Your period may not be "as predictable as 
an alarm clock," but you will be prepared for 
it whenever and wherever it may strike. 

To refuse to do this and to insist that it is 
unfair for the administration to stop stocking 
dispensers is basically to declare that the state 
of California owes you about $50,000 of pub-
lic money so that you do not have to be 
responsible for meeting the feminine needs of 
your own body. This is ridiculous. Consider-
ing the present furor over fee increases, I think 
we should be pleased that the administration is 
anempting to curb spending in such a rela-
tively harmless manner. We seem to have 
developed a knee-jerk reaction of complain-
ing about everything they do, right or wrong. 

The issue itself is cel1ainly trivial, but I 
believe it reflects a growing sentiment on this 
campus that the administration and the world 
in general owe it to us to take care of our every 
need. The harsh truth is no one owes you 
anything. You, as an individual, owe it to 
yourself to learn to provide for yourself in this 
world and not be dependent on.anyone else. 

Brian Dingledine 

READERS' 

FORUM 
TheGuardIan ...mnes lstteIs/iooJ/Is tUders. A/l1e1/ef5 must be . 
oo/ofWerrMtthnJePlfll/S. J;yped. ~InI$l«i1\e 
te_ !he rtI/It ID ecfI for /«WfII1nI~. SIInt1" reun 10; 

The GuaIdan 
()pnIcJn EdIIDr 

9500 GMmIn Dr. 0316 
1.1 Joila. ~ 92093-0316 

RacI .... Is Not Just a 
WhIte Phenomenon 
Editor: 

Gaye Johnson's recent articles have me 
confused about where she stands on racism. In 
her March II commentary ("The Case of the 
Missing Cops"), she seems to be extremely 
sensitive to possible racism of whites against 
blacks. For example, she infers racism in what 
she perceives to have been an inadequate 

police response to a crime against a black 
female student. 

However, in a Feb. 25 commentary, Ms. 
Johnson suppons rapper Ice-T. By any objec-
tive standard, Ice-Tis a flaming racist because 
he openly preaches violence against whites in 
general and the murder of white police officers 
in particular. 

It seems as though Ms. Johnson believes 
thaI racism is bad if it is against black people, 
but that it is okay if it is against while people. 
If Ms. Johnson truly believes in this double 
standard, as she seems to, then all of her 
preaching against racism is invalidated as far 
as I am concerned. 

Several weeks ago, four minority men 
murdered two white police officers in 
Compton. 'Their decision to murder was surely 
influenced by the racist attitudes spewed out 
by Ice-T, Ice-Cube and other black rappers 
into violent lyrics. Performing stars and the 
media have great power to influence our ani-
tudes, which in tum, affect our actions. [ 
wonder what GayeJohnson thinks about these 
murders, the logical outcome of applying Ice-
T's lyrics to real life? 

Racism is not solely a white phenomenon. 
Racial harmony will not come about until 
there is mutual respect between the races; 
whites respecting blacks, and equally impor-
tant, blacks respecting whites. 

Jeff Ridgway 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

BICO.ftIl Nlft .. _ 
_ .. lAi i OPlllOI ED. i. 

• Feme • Forb..ne • Corrment.aries Galore 
BtTg a rest.rne, roJe( letter, cn:I dips to the 

Guatfan office ~ 5 p.m. on Monday, ApliI19. 
call ~ for more details. 

12 noon 
Saturday 

"iu ~Ih' 
the Mighty Mighty 
Bosstones--------
school of fish 

IONSTER ;:::::::::=::=: 
rust 

Best Kissers In the World -----.-
Iponlorld by the mighty AS Programming 

. , , 

, , . ,f., ", " _" 

MUSIC: Listen to 
the present, and take 
it for what it is 
ContInued from .... 4 
should be. 

But if you're going to say you 
champion reggae as a unifier, you'd 
damn well better be able to say that it 
makcsyou fcel how things are. Marley 
knew how important it is to feel, but 
he also knew how important it is to 
think. And if you don't see that in his 
music, you're just not listening. 

Thunday, April 15, 1993 

SCHOOL: 
Children deserve 
equal opportunities 
ContInued from ..... 5 
monplace in some schools would 
probably become something of the 
past, or at least schools that suffer 
from these plagues would have more 
money to deal with their ills. 

The critics, many of whom will be 
residents of 90210, will contest that 
equal funding will depreciate their 
schools' bankroll only to benefit a 
school that their children don't at-
tend. Also, they might reason that 
they pay inflated real estate costs and 
fat propeny taxes so their children 
can have the best possible education. 
However, currently residents of eco-
nomically depressed regions typically 
pay ahighertax percentage foreduca-
tion than those who reside in the 
wealthy areas, only their children get 
less out of it. 

The equal funding plan is not one 
that gives a free handout to the poor; 
rather. it equally distributes money to 
all schools, so that all child1en have 
equal opportunity to benefit from an 
equally rewarding educational sys-
tem. There is no logical reason why 
Brenda Walsh is gifted with superior 
educational opportunities and the stu-
dent of Kalkaska High is damned 
with inadequate funding and an ex-
tended summer to work at 
McDonald's. 

Make Your OpInion 
Known to Everyone 

Write for the 
Guardian 

IF YOU CAN1 
AFFORD TO TRAVEL, 

OIN THE CLUB. 

Traveling doesn't have to mean snobby hotels that cost $200 a night. With 
a HosteIling International can:! you can stay in Paris for just $16, New York for 
$19 or Tokyo for $23. Hostels even offer special discounts on everything from 
museum fees and ski lifts 10 air, rail and ferry tickets. Plus they have fully 
equipped oo.it-yourself kitchens, which not <?n1y save you money but also are 
great lor meeting feIJow work! tr.M!Iers. So if you're looking for a less expensive 
way to travel, join thec1ub. Call 619-338-9983 

HOSTEWNG INTERNATIONAL A 
TIlt """ ... , .,."",.,.., of ,Itt ,.,""", ..... , YOtI'h HOI'" r""""ion. I~AL. 

or write to: 
American Youth Hostels 
335 West Beech Street 
San Diego, CA 92101 

Thunday, April 15, 1993 

EMMY: UCSD 
graduate student wins 
television's top honor 
ContInued '""" .... 1 
which I produced, directed and 
wrote, one of them being Oscar de la 
Hoya. I never thought I would ever 
win five Emmy Awards." 

Mazzocco received his under-
graduate degree at Seton Hall Uni-
versity and a masters degree in Com-
munications at Fresno State Uni-
versity before deciding to further 
his graduate work in Communica-
tions at UCSD. 

At 38 years of age, he is quite 
experienced in media production 
and coverage. 

"Before I came to graduate 
school, I was a full-time staff em-
ployee at ABC in the production 
department for 12 years, from 1976-
1988. [ left ABC in 1988 for a 
change and NBC hired me freelance 
to go to Seoul. Since 1988, I have 
been attending graduate school and 
working freelance," he said. 

Mazzocco is also the graduate 
student representative on UCSD's 
Channel 35 Prpgram advisory panel. 

DEATH: Grad 
student murdered by 
estranged husband 
ContInued from .,... 1 

As the evening progressed, com-
munication between Garber and 
Biren deteriorated to the point where 
Biren drew a gun, Asher Garber 
said. According to Garber, Biren 
had a history of threatening to com-
mit suicide. 

"His main goal was to kill my 
motherandalsokill himself,"Garber 
suggested. 

Cook said that at midnight, a 
friend who Lois Garber was staying 
with called the sheriff's office to 
report that she had not come home. 

"She was concerned because she 
knew that Lois had gone to see her 
estranged husband, and she wanted 
the sheriff s department to check on 
her safety," said Cool" 

At 12: 15 a.m. on April 5, two 
deputies arrived at Biren's house. 
According to Cook, the deputies 
could hear Biren and Garber tallc-
ing. 

When the deputies knocked on 
the door and identified themselves, 
they heard multip'le shots being fired. 

After waiting for backup to ar-
rive, the deputies entered the home 
at approximately 12:30 am. and 
found Garber dead and Biren mor-
tally wounded. 

Garber joined the Judaic Studies 
program in Fall 1991 , after taking 
classes at UCSO extension, said 
William Propp, an associate profes-
sor in the History Department and 
the Judaic Studies coordinator. 
Garber was working toward her 
doctorate and would have received 
her second masters degree at the end 
of the year. 

According to Propp, Garber in-
structedall first-year Hebrew classes 
under his supervision. 

"She was very enthusiastic and a 
terrific teacher. She had a great love 
for the literature and history of an-
cient [srael," said Propp 

He added that Garber was well-
Icnown for her enthusiasm in the 
classroom. 

AsherGarberagreed, saying that 
his mother was "well-respected and 
admired in the community." 

Garber is survived by her son 
and a 20-year-old daughter, Dorit 
Garber. 

He said that for the amount of time 
that the program has been in exist-
ence, it hasn '( been very productive. 

"I'm quite disappointed in the 
way the station is turning out. From 
what I see so far, I don't see enough 
student and faculty involvement in 
the station. 

"It's a wonderful opportunity to 
have a television station on campus, 
and there are many wonderful stu-
dents and faculty here, but I don't 
see any involvement," Mazzocco 
said. 

Mazzocco emphasized the im-
portanceof media in an undergradu-
ate education, relating his own un-
dergraduate experiences. "Seton 
Hall is one of the few colleges in 
America that has an FM station on 
the radio. It's run and managed com-
pletely by students. It was because 
of that station that I ended up getting 
into broadcasting. [At UCSO] [don't 
see enough student involvement," 
he said. 

Mazzocco said he chose UCSO's 
graduate program in communica-
tions because df the uniqueness and 
quality of the program. 

"When I was applying for my 
Ph.D., I wanted to be able to go to a 

The UCSD Guardian 

program that offered me the bnd of 
scholarship that I was looking for, 
and this seemed to be the place. I 
chose UCSD because of the faculty 
and because of the bnd of research 
that they do here in communica-
tions. [This program] is unique in 
the sense that it studies the entire 
totality of communications - the 
politics, the economics, the social 
aspects, and it also has some very 
good production people and equip-
ment." 

He is now in the process of fin-
ishing a book for Southend Press 
titled, Networks of Power: Unveil-
ing Corporate 1V's Threat to De-
mocracy, which focuses on the de-
mise of independent journalism and 
the impact of corporate media on 
democracy. 

Mazzocco said if he were given 
the chance, he would not go back to 
pennanent freelance media produc-
tion mainly because of the stressful 
lifestyle. 

"[t seems like there's more pres-
sure now. [One has to be] absolutely 
perfect. You rnalceofJe mistalce, and 
it's so costly, which contributes to 
anextremelys~fwenv~nt 

See EMMY, Page 8 

NEWS 7 

MUIRc 0 LLE 
9 pm-Midnight 

Crafts, 
Volleyball, and 

Music 

5 pm-7 pm 
Outdoor BBQ by 
Top of the Quad 
(subsidized meal for 

non-meal card holders) 

Outdoor Concert 
featuring the 

~ 
All events held at MUIR QUAD 

ANXIOUS? 
-Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 

-Fear of Being Judged? -Avoid Socializing? 
-Sweating? - Persistent Worries? 

FREE CLINICAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAJLABLE 

CALL 534-0776 

\CL \l r I, OISPOS \~U & SL RL \lE I' IJ\Il) \\ L\R CO\ neT LI \SI S IRO\110l/\SO\ & 1011\SO\ 

So ATTRACTIVE. So COMFORTABLE. So CONVENIENT. So HEALTHY. 

You WONT BELIEVE YOUR EYES 
FREE Trial Contact Lenses 
FREE Contact Lens Solution Kit 

Date: April 21st and 22nd 
Location: MARRIOlT LA JOLLA 

$5.00 Contact Lens Exam by our Trained Eye Care 
Professionals 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
Appointments: Call NU-VISION 24 hours 

(619)221.7265 $22.50 Per Box of Six Lenses 
If Not Satisfied Will Replace Old Lenses At No Cost 

OEADENZ 
100Z ODIN' 

UFETlME BlDZ 

YOUNG BLACK 
TEENAGERS 

DEAD ENZ KIDS DOIN' LIFETIME BIDZ 

Featuring 

+ 

"TAP THE BOTTLE" 
And 

AVAILABLE ON S.O.U.L. COMPACT DISCS 
HQ" CASSETIES AND RECORDS 

"ROLL WITHE FLAVOR" 

ASSORTED VINYL , 
UCSD 

Price Center 

ON SALE APRIL 15-30 at: 
DISCAFE 

904 Pearl Street 
La Jolla 

SPIN OFF RECORDS 
26 N. Euclid Ave. 

National City 

$11.99 
. . 

MUSIC WORLD 
1755 Euclid Ave. 

San Diego 

I'·I~ MeA. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday. April 15. 1 ~3 

EMMY:UCSD 
student winner praises 
communication dept. 
ContInued from .... 7 
If you're off by a second or two, it 
could mean thousands of dollars for 
a big netwotk. It's a mistake you 
almost can't recover from. At the 
networks, creative production is 
extremely formulaic and routinized 
in teons of the patterns you are 
asked to follow in producing pr0-
grams," he said. 

Mazzocco still does a couple of 
freelance projects during the year, 
but added that he prefers the aca-
demic environment. 

"I'm really grateful that I didn't 
have to give up a total change in 

career. because I get to use myexpe-
rienee directly in working with stu-
dents lDi still able to study the 
media," he said. 

According to Mazzocco. being 
in a community of scholars, gradu-
ate slUdenls and undergraduates and 
the unique research perfollDCd by 
UCSO's Cormnunications Depan-
ment are the best excuses he has for 
not retuming to full-time freelance. 

"There's no other graduate pro-
gram in Communications that I'd 
rather be at than at UCSD. I'm able 
to do production on occasion, study. 
write and go to classes with faculty 
that I truly respect and admire, and 
yet still go back to the freelance 
world [temporarily] to see how it 
really is in the workplace." 

FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 COlta Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-~UCSD I 
I! 

L. Joli. VIII.ge Dr. 

l. I No'.1 ur. 
UTe 

II 
z.® I I ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I i III Full Service 3 99 i 

: ~?~b~ P!! !A§! "' .... : 
I CA,R WASli Not YdcI with any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires May 31 , 1993. I 

~-----------------------

(RMtMIN6~ 
LA JOLLA 
HUS ULL THE 
ANSWERS. 

From a huge variety of services like Kinkos, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph's Grocery, to entertain-
ment and fun from places like Sports 2001, 
TGIFriday's, Music Plus and Pacific Theatres, 
La Jolla Village has got you seriously covered. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good, 

., 

MONDAY, APRIL 19 
8:00 PM 

PRICE CENTER T~EATRE 
SPONSORED BY UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS FILM COMMITTEE 

I FREE PASSES: BOX OFFICE, 12:00 NOON, FRIDAY 4/161 

Wood Fired California Pizza 

HOYI HIRING 
for Costa Verde Center (across from UTe). 

We need experienced food servers, bus 
boys and kitchen help. 

Apply in person on 
Saturday, April 17th and 

Sunday, April 18th, 9 am-5 pm. 

PIZZA NOVA Original Wood fired California Pizza. Pasta & Salads 
8650 Genessee Avenue in Costa Verde Center. 458-9525 

(Next to Bookstar. across from UTC) 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • APR I L 15, 1 9 9 3 

TRANSFORMATIONS 

THE SECOND LIFE OF 
DURAN DURAN 

Possibly the biggest teen sensation since The Beatles, Duran Duran is back in the spotlight with an impressilJe eponymously,titJed new album and a fast,approaching world tour, With the massive success of the album's first single "Ordinary World," Duran Duran seems poised to move away from the 
mediocrity of Liberty and Big Thing, its previous two albums. An upbeat Simon LeBon recently discussed the 
band's past success, aJ'ld the important role this new release plays for the future of Duran Duran. 
~ WINd.It .. beInC bac:IlIII .... 
....,a_ ....... ' 

leBon: It's quite different from the first time. 
For a start,l think we all feel very lucky, you know, 
to have been given a second chance, That's the 
overriding emotion", And I think we've really 
been through some bullshit, and we've learned a lot 
from it. . . we're better at stepping over the piles of 
bullshit now. 

...... cId ,ou .. tile ..... fer "0rcIIIwJ 
WGIId?" 

We were trying to work on a bridge, and Warren 
started playing that [refrain]. And Nick, out of frustra-
tion from not having really played anything that 
whole aftemoon,j ust started banging out these chords, 
and they were perfect! I said "Nick - don't change 
a thingl" because I could hear a melody in it immedi-
ately, straight away. Somebody once said that when 

Einstein came up with the theory of relativity, it's 
like somebody switched the lights on and you could 
see the paths thill all the planets were taking, And 
that's what finding a melody's like: you find a path 
in the music ... And that's really what happened-
it was very quick, very intimate; I had the words [to] 
"Otdinary World" in minutes. 
WIIIIt "'1InCS do JOU .... for lIlY? WINIt 

See DURAN, page H4 

INTERVIEW B Y J 'E F F STODEL 

TH( LAST nAYS Of CHEZ IOUS FILM REVIEW: 06 



H2 HIATUS 

Theresa Rodriguez 
College senior 

My class schedule 
My phone/addre&s book 

A list of assignments 
Notes from chemistry 

All my reports for this year 
Graphs for a chemistry report 

Afax/modem 
A letter I faxed to my dad in Florida 

Letters I faxed to my 
brother in London 

Thlvel info faxed to me 
by tourist bureaus 

Prices for plane tickets 
Packing list for Europe trip 

Berlitz Interpreter 
Currency conversion table 

Budget for Spring Sing production 
Fliers for the Spring Sing 

My resume 
Cover letters to various companies 

Follow-up letters from interviews 
HyperCard 

Microsoft Word 
Microsoft Excel 

A bunch of games 
Sound clips from famous speeches 

A clip art file 
A letter to an old boyfriend 
A letter to a new boyfriend 

The UCSD Guardian 

= J!J9] ~~Itr, In<. All rtg/JIs resmlltl. A"pJumddJtA(r;lil'WQ /1ft ...... ".,.",.,."fA(plt~ htc. """'~ &0"""""" oIAOOMComIJtdrr me 
(,., , ~ q1 'j ' { " ''' ' # . 

• Hlf t',' ,If j ' " If If. " 

1~,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

I .. , n I • " , , 
I , " ' " j i l l J' I J '" " " , I " .' ,', , 

Elizabeth Shaw 
College freshman 

My class schedule 
Assignments 
Notes from Ancient Civilizations 
Notes from English Literature 
A list of graduation requirements 
A dictionary 
A thesaurus 
A campus map 

HIATUS 83 

A paper about Mayan culture 
Photographs I took at Chichen Itza 
HyperCard 
ClarisWorks 
QUicken 
MacInThx 
A grocery list 
A family hiStory I'm writing 
Scrabble Deluxe 
Selected Stories by Eudora welry 
The PowerBook Guided lOur 
My daughter's college application 
Letters to my son at college 
Letters to my friends 
My monthly household budget 
An unpublished short story 
A list of publications 

UCSD 
BOOKSTORE 
Computer Center 

534-4291 



HIATUS 4 

TODRY 
Kevin Costner, sporting a par-
ticularly bad haircut, and 
Whitney Houston star in The 

~ which plays in 
thePriceCenterThealreat6:30, . 
9 and 11:3Op.m. Tickets are $2, 
$1 in advance. Info: 534-6467. 

Experience the complete works 
of the immortal Bard in one 
evening with the Reduced 
SIuIk ......... Com..-yat 
Mandeville Auditorium. "The 
show begins at 8 p.m. and tick-
ets are $10 for students. Info: 
534-6467. 

fRIDAY 
Bad boys of rap ItouM of 
PaIn play atIguana's in Tijuana 
with Rac. Apln.t the 
Macl*leand Wool. The show 
starts at 8:00 p.m. and tickets 
are $15. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Reduced S ..... -
...... eornp.ny returns for 
a second show in Mandeville 
Auditorium, where they will 
present "The Complete History 
of America" "The show begins 
at 8 p.m., student tickets are 
$10. Info: 534-6467. 

SAT U R DAY 
The annual New Music Fas-

tlvllcomesto UCSDwith .... 
KIuen In the World, 
1heIonIus Monster, The 
Mlpt, Bo •• ton •• and 
School of FIsh. The event is 
free and Sl8J1S at noon in the 
Price Center. 

K ...... filipino hosts a 
culture night at Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 7 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-7763. 

SUIDRY 
Deadheads will be out in full 
force when the Jeny c.n:a. 
Band plays at the Sports Arena 
at 7 p.m. Tickets are $22 . .50 in 
advance, $25 on the day of the 
show. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Enjoy the magic and pageantry 
of merry old England at Revelle 
College's 13th AnnIIIIII R. 
...... ance Faire. 111e event 
will take place on the south lawn 
of Galbraith Hall from II am. 
to 4 p.m. 

TUESDRY 
2001: A $pIIt;e Odyuey, 
plays at the Price Center "The-

Do you suffer from ASTHMA? 
Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. 

All testing and study medications 
are FREE 

Qualified participants will be 
paid up to 

$250.00 
for participation 

Call 436·3988 
Ask for Janet or Dianna 

Warren w. PI •• kow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

The UCSD Guardian 

atre at 8 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $2. Info: 534-6467. 

s.n,r.. a British film set in 
rura1 Wales during wwn, will 
play along with a shon film, 
......... ...""" at8 p.m. in 
the Mandeville Auditorium as 
part of International Style film 
festival.Tickets for students are 
$4 and passes for the series are 
$25. Info: 534-6467. 

_EDIESDRY 
Bluesman Buddy Guy plays at 
the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach with Smokey WIson 
at 9 p.m. Tickets are $17.50. 
Info: 481-9022. 

Sprlnlho.... plays at the 
Casbah along with Ghetto 44 
andlANldfootat9p.m. Tickets 
are $4. Info: 294-9033. 

THEATER 
s.n DIep Repertory The-
..... : .. Always .. . PatsyCline"is 

a musical based on the singer's 
special relationship with a fan. 
Directed by Ted Swindley, the 
show runs through April 24. 
Showtimes are Tuesday through 
Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 
2' and 7 p.m. Tickets are $18-$24. 
Info: 235-8025. 

Old Globe Thutre: 111e 
Broadway musical "Falsettos," 
featuring broken families and 
modem times, runs through April 
25. Henrik Ibsen , s Victorian clas-
sic "Ghosts" plays in the Cassius 
Carter Centre Stage through April 
25. For ticket information and 
showtimes: 239-2255. 

GRLLERIES 
Grove GII.IY: "Ceramic Fig-
uresofOcurnicho: In Conjunction 
With NCECA '93." The exhibit 
will be on display through April 
17. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Friday, 10 to 5 p.m., and 
Saturday, 10 to 2 p.m. Admission 
is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of PhotoIraPhIc 
Arts: "I Dream a World: Por-
traits of Black Women Who 
Changed America" features por-

BAYLOR COLLEGE of MEDICINE Presentation 

Allr1l18, 1993 
12 Nlln-l :30 lI.m. 
Clnference ROlm 106 
Zenaido Camacho, Ph.D. 
Senior Associate Dean 
Office of Admissions 
Scott F. Basinger, Ph.D. 
Assistant Dean 
Graduate SchooJ-MD/PhD Program 

THE TRADrr/ONAL & CONTEMPORARY 

MESMERIZING RHYTHMS' MELODIES 
OJ ANCII,," GoNGS' DRUMS UNITED 

WITH SAXOPHONE, SV,,"HESIZERS' FLUTE ... 
TIMElESS DANCES OJ SOUTHERN PILlPINOS YET 

(O,,"EMPORARY. E,,"ERTAININ" AUTHENTIc... 

MAY 1 · SATURDAY· 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 

UCSD BOX OFFICE ~~ 
514-646 7 ••• ~!.!,!-_T'X. 

~ "'UENTlP.V UCIP UNIVERSITY IVINTS OFFI<I WITH SUPPORT. IN PAin'. ft' FUNPS 'ROVIPIP ft'THI CALIFOIlNIA Alln COUNCIL 
I . \ . '\11 14, 

" q d \ \H \H\ d\ \ "1\",, 

Thunday, April 15, 1993 

traits of 75 influential African-
American women and is on dis-
play until April 28. The museum 
is open daily from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Admission is $3. Info: 239-
5262. 

........ of ContiempcN.y 
Art: "La Frontera/The Border: 
Art about the MexicolUnited 
States Border Experience" fea-
tures the work of more than 35 
artists in painting, sculpture, pho-
tography, installation and video. 
The exhibit continues through 
May 22. Info: 454-3541. 

.......,. G •• 1'),:"Ceramic 
Variations: Three Installations" 
features the work of Tr6 Arenz, 
Rachel Clawson and Barry 
Matthews. The exhibit includes a 
varietyofceramicfigures,includ-
inganimals,tilesandhouseforms. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m., 
Tuesday through Sunday. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-2860. 

New VIsuI Arts Complex 
G 'IIY: "Looking at Delacroix," 
an exhibition of oil paintings by 
graduate student Doris Bittar."The 
work ~i1l be on display April 19 
through April 23, Monday through 
Friday from 12-5 p.m. Info: 283-
4647. 

M8 .. devlle Annex G •• 1To 
Work by Adriano Munoz and 
Bernard Sespene is on display 
through April 16 with a closing 
ceremony at 6 p.m. on Friday. 
The gallery is open from noon to 
5 p.m., Monc;Iay through Friday. 

DURAN: 
GrouptaIks 
aboutMTV 
connection 
ConIInuad from PIP H1 
..... 01 your _cell. do you 
credit to MIV? 

Well, I feel inextricably linked 
with MTV - completely and ut-
terly ... I think that our career and 
MTV'scareeras well happened very 
much together. There was a definite 
case of symbiosis-- they needed us 
and' we needed them. 

It [MTV] was really crucial to 
the success of this band. I feel like 
partners in crime because I'm very 
aware of what the video thing has 
done to music and people's atten-
tion spans. 
Your vIdeoe .... been afU. 
cIzed for oIIjeelll'Jlnl& WOIMII 
............................ 

w ... ..., 01 your ...... 
,.., How would you .......... 
to that kind 01 crltlcI.m' 

I don't think w~ ever degraded 
women, except perhaps for "Girls 
On Film" and the mud wrestling -
I found that a bit degrading to 
women. But I think we degraded 
ourselves much more, you know. If 
you think about that pond that I had 
to go into in "Hungry Like The 
Wolf," which was full of elephant's 
piss and leeches - I find that far 
more degrading on a personal level. 
How II.. ,ollr •• dl.nc. 
....... over ... ,..., 

If you go right back to when we 
first started, we played to a club 
audience [ which was] really an over-
21, under-3O audience ... quite a 

. narrow section of the public. 1llen 
we were very much aimed by the 
industry at teenage girls, and so we 
had another narrow audience. (But] 

See DURAN, page H5 

Thursday, April 15, 1993 

DURAN: New 
guitarist adjusts 
ContInued from PIP H4 
what I saw when I walked onstage 
in Los Angeles before Christmas 
was a different [more mature] audi-
ence. It sounds stupid, but you tend 
to spot people wearing glasses, be-
cause they reflect the lights, you 
see. Bald heads, as well-I did spot 
a few bald heads out there! 
I .. lit ... KROQ CIIItetIII. 
Concert .... from .... ' ....... 

~ .. a........, ... ...... 
to be .xcltMlenl ... ..... 
...... love In tile ..... Yo. 
looked _ thou ... you w .. 
........... ... moment. 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

." •• DI ...... .....,' ....... 
_ ...... to apport ..... 
.... on ... ~wOlld 
tour_ WIIIIt ....... ...., 

Boy George ... 1 think it would 
have been a great show. If[ was Boy 
George, I definitely would have said 
"yes.'" 

But, I don't feel insulted .. . he's 
got his own view about how his 
career is going and how to do it. 
He's been a very honest person, you 
know, and it's very difficult some-
times to lay yourself as bare as he's 
done and survive. I have a lot of 
admiration for him. 
Mud .. your .. time fIIVortte 
........ ~ 

"Skin Trade." 
............ Inftu ....... .., 
............... comInCout 
01 .......... 01' .. ,......, 

That's exactly how Helt. I mean, 
I remember walking onstage, and 
the feeling I had wasn't even "what 
am I going to do now?" It was 
"fucking hell,man, we've made it!" 
You know, we are back. 

I'hc*I CWIIIy 01 MIgen TiIII/CaPIOI A_ell 
Duran Dunn .. (from left) Nick Taylor, Nick Rhodes, SImon LeBon and W.,-en Cucca.wuIIo. 

Imm.reed In til. LondOll 
_1 

The whole thing, the way it all 
happened, the way the single took 
off and the way that KROQ sud-
denly put us right back in there -
man, they put ~s right back into 

THE IGUANAS 

t1iu~~ 
~ t:~. ,..,r'-;..: ' 
.... \.,.v~f', 

" V ~t; 
. i 

~--:~~ 
11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

HOTHOUSE FLOWERS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

STEREO Me S 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

people's hearts. It was just such an 
amazing thing for that to happen. 
How .... did It .... for w ... 
... cacc.tlo( ..... .,...'. 

_w~)to_ .... 
tonIed to , .. .,.., 

He got into our style [with] Big 

lUWH\ \UCUR\lS \ ~\\li\l 

THE TRAGICALL Y HIP 

TIE TR.WICALLY liP 
FUlLY COIIPLETEL Y 

Feoluring COURAGE • 
AT THE HUNDREDTH MERIDIAN 

Ard ... , ~ SingIo 
LOCI<ED IN THE ~ CW A CAR 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

ANIMAL BAG 
_.!: ANIMAL lAG ~ 

t. l ULl l lHOlti &&-.. fOI '"' I'tIa Of 1M If'! 
'"Clio""''''. 'I,; .,.uo cotIIIG" MD ' YlITIOC)'-

8.99 CD 5.99 CS 

CHRIS MARS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

Thing, which was the second album 
he'd worked on. But he only be-
came a driving force in the music 
with this album. This is the flfSt time 
he's ever really been an assertive 
guitarist. 

I mean he did try on Liberty, but 

THE GOD MACHINE 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

QUICKSAND 

Quicksand 
slip 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

PRESENCE 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
~-,:; OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 

lnWIR RiC8RDS \ ~\nin 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
ILCAoION 

7lII~~ 10000",_TO' _ 

--~-( • .,) 5~910' 
SPORTSAMNA COLLEGE AREA ~ 

:1101 Spof1I __ . M05 EI c.jDft _ 
_ ................... .... (818) 224-3333 _ .. "" .. _-
_ .. ~sc. (819) 222·177! _ ............. 1'18) 287· '020 

_ .................... (.1.) 217-1~ 

I I , 
"", ,,,, ,, . 

it was a bit heavy, and it made the 
music a little bit eccentric. With this 
album, he's become a lot more es-
sential and integral to the whole 
music. He's really become a full 
band member in every sense of the 
word. 

I think we're more immersed in 
the American scene than anything 
else at the moment. Our roots may 
be in Birmingham, our homes may 
be in London, but our fun and our 
inspiration definitely comes from 
America. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
~ 

~ 
APPLICATIONS ARE STILL BEING 
ACCEPTED FOR ... 

AFRICA. AUS1RALIA • CZECH REPUBLIC. 
ENGLAND. FRANCE • GERMANY. HUNGARY. 

ISRAEL. ITALY. POLAND. SPAIN 

• Courses Taught in English and Host Country 
Language 

• SUCredit 
• Field Trips/Traveling Seminars 
• Internships 
• Study For A Semester, A Year, Or A Summer 
• Home Or Apartment Placements 

FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE 

Syracuse University 
Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, NY 13244-4170 

1-800-235-3472 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SUMMER IN ISRAEL! 
Spend three weells as a student volunteer 
worlling and living at army base. 
Six month open return ticllet! 

LOW PRICES 
INCLUDES 1l0UHOmIPAIClfAIlE. 1l00M. 
KOSHEIlIlOAPO" TOUIlS 
• Option USD Leadership Pr~rarn 

FROM 

$1099· 
.REe. FEE 

• Departinll from Los Anlleles bellininIl6.7. 6.21 
Ne w Yo rllt D~panurr' fro m Slit. C.II for ot h£r datel An d clt le: • . 

Contact: VOLUNTEERS FOR ISRAEL 
1722 Westwood Blvd .. Suite 1\)4 
Los An~eles. CA 90024 
(310) 470-1316 
or 
639 14th Ave. 
San Francisco . CA 94118 
(4IS) 7S2-8SS4 

Hope to see you soon. 

f.Av~Is~ 
330 WEST 4tND STREET' sum 181. 
NEW VORK, NEW VORK 10036-6901 
111643· .... • fAX 111643·" 55 



•HU .. TU .. S.6 .................................. ~U~DC~ Tbunday, April 15, 1993 • -----.....iiiiiiiiIi __ 
'Last Days' 
reflects on 

family vahJ.es 
Recovering from a terrible loss can often strengthen a person. Shaken by the 
reality of 8'sudden absence, one has 
to fall back on one's strength. 

The character Beth (Lisa Harrow) 
in TM Last Days Of CMZ Nous. a 
film by Australian director Gillian 
Annstrong. experiences a loss that 
eventuallytransformsherfromacom-
placent housewife into a more inde-
pendent woman. 

An internationally-renowned 
Australian filmmaker. Annstrong 
won worldwide acclaim in 1979 for 
her feature debut of My Brilliant 
Career. starring Judy Davis as a de-
termined writer. Armstrong also made 
documentaries, such as Smokes And 
Lollies, in 1980. She based her deci-

p~rtof PRIMO Hair DeSign 
4313 La Jolla Village Dr. 

Ste. K-4 455-0046 
L Hours: T~. thru Fri. 9 _7pm I ________ ---1 

rparis ., 
$199 

Ams ...... m 
MIldrid 
Milan 
London 

$1"-
$1"* 
$1"* 
$1"* 

• All tarrs "'" each ¥mf bosed 00 • rardIrip 
chose. r .... rex includtd. Sclmt .-,ian<.IInM 

~ staM moybo r<qui",d. 

........ ,. .... ".,.. 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Centu (by ~ Post Office) 

451·0630 

~~38K$13* 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. IIICIuc* new 
..,.... ....... Nt tImImI. KOpI 
.......... 1IoocI CIMck. 
'."s. a. """ ......... platinum pi .... 111\11. 

from 
Brake Special'" *ao 
caD Auto Cilre 
Mon.~rI. 7 am-6 pm. SlIt. ~5 
8880 Mnm.r Rd., .. C 

(behInd~r) 
s.n DIIIo, CA 92121 
(81') SS8-2438 

• most cars 

sion to film Last pays on the quality 
of the script written by Helen Gamer 
about a simple, middle-class family. 

In Last Days, Berh is a strong, 
middle-aged woman whose house-
hold forms the center of her exist-
ence. She runs her home with auto-
matic efficiency, but her control dis-
integrares when relations become 
complicated. The resulting conflicts 
challenge Beth's dependence on her 
French husband, J.P. (Bruno Ganz). 

The film begins with the home-
coming of Beth's younger sister, 
Vicki (Kerry Fox). In an artistic tech-
nique prominent in the film, the cam-
era follows her long legs closely as 
she walk.s into the house. using angles 
to generate a feeling of familiarity. 

Last Days is a film that intemal-

PhoID CIIIIIIIy 01 Roben M1cFat1anIIRne L.iIe FeaUes 
YIeld (Kerry Fox) .......... the .,.,...... of her life at home. 

izes drama so succinctly that the drama 
barely leaves the house, thus accentu-
ating the focus on the hidden tensions 
of family life. 

Theexceplion is when Beth makes 
a long and desperately boring roadtrip 
with her bickering father(Bill HUlller). 
Otherwise, everyone eats, sleeps. 
laughs, jokes, cries and breaks up in 

the house. 
The characters' dramas are also 

internalized on a deeper, more per-
sonal level when they often drift off 
into silent, unknown thoughts. The 
mixture of English and French re-
veals J.P.'s displacement not only 
within the home, but within France 
itself. Yet this character, played by 

VISA 
.... 

~~ 
With Visa" you're accepted at more than 10 miHion places 

around the world, nearly three times more than American Express. 
.Just in case you ever come ~ a Iitde short. 

Visa. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

Swiss actor Bruno Ganz (In The White 
City), spices up the film with humor, 
playfulness. love and deceit. Last Days 
shows the possible destruction and 
the potential for change in family life. 

TMLastDays oJChezNous opens 
tomorrow at the Hillcrest Cinemas. 
Call 299-2100 for more information. 

-v ..... GhoI ...... ' 

raps 
• 

'--______________________________ .....:... ______ C YIoaUSA. Inc:. l993 __ ---l 

\ \\ 
I "~'tn , ,,,, 

9 SPORTS 

GREGG 

1llIIlJ1J1 
The Amazing, 
Fiery Bluepper 

There's nothing quite like 
Opening Day. Hopefully, there will 
never 6e anything like the Padres' 
1993 Opening Day ever again. For 
those of you who missed it, a brief 
recap. 

The game started out on an 
exciting note with the Navy SEALs' 
parachute demonstration team, the 
Leap Frogs, plummeting into Jack 
Murphy in all sorts of interesting 
formations, including horizontally 
and on each other's shoulders. 
Unfortunately, noted some dis-
gruntled fans, Padres' owner Tom 
Werner was not a guest jumper 
whose chute failed to open. 

The game got underway and the 
home team was predictably not up to 
snuff. Tony Gwynn, Gary Sheffield 
and Fred McGriff all got rousing 
ovations during the player introduc-
tions. but for some reason. the fans 
just didn 'l get alllhal excited over 
Phil Plantier or Craig Shipley. 

The outfield was soaking wet. 
The ball sent up sprays of water 
every time it hit the grass. No one 
could understand why the field was 
wet. Sprinklers on all night, was one 
plausible explanation. After all, 
Werner could have fired the entire 
groundskeeping crew, gone down to 
the local Mission Valley Green 
Thumb club and picked up a 78-
year-old grandmother volunteer 
named Enid to come out and work 
the field . 

Perhaps Enid, while she was 
dragging the infield, remembered the 
apple cobbler she had left in the oven 
that afternoon and had to run home 
to make sure it was alright. In her 
hurry she simply forgot to tum off 
the sprinklers. It's perfectly under-
standable. In appreciation for all the 
money he's saving, Werner will 
probably let Enid plant some 
petunias near the warning track in 
right field. 

Anyway, back to the game. The 
Padres were, predi.ctably, miserable. 
There were a few bright spots but the 
Pirates prevailed, 4-2. Then it was 
time for the moment all 14 of the 
remaining fans had been waiting for: 
the post-game fireWOrks extrava-
ganza. 

Unfortunately, the extravaganza 
did not include Bluepper, the 
homicidal-thought inducing Padre 
mascot, being set afire or shot with a 
bazooka to the thunderous cheers of 
the appreciative throng, but we did 
find out why the field was so wet. 

The fireWorks were brought out 
on a long, flatbed trailer and were 
dragged onto the field. Nobody in his 
right mind would light ftreworks in 
the middle of a grass field. No one, 
that is, unless he had saturated the 
field beforehand. Eyidently. the 
ftreworks extravaganza was more 
important than the team actually 
given the chance to play well. 

The music ftred up and the ftre-
See BWEPPER, Page 12 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 15, 1993 

Dan McDowell! Guantan 
ErIc Quandt (slidIng) had four hits and scored four times during UCSD'. 28-2 destruction of hapless Cal Tech on Tueeciay. 

Who Needs Football? 
IW'FU" • UCSD scores four 
touchdowns in 28-2 demolition 
By Jeff Preuaht 
Staff Writer 

The Triton baseball team's Tuesday game at Cal 
Tech wasn't exactly a competitive affair. Instead of 
any fmal-inning heroics, UCSD (II-II-I) spent the 
day taking batting practice off Tech's pitchers. crush-
ing the Beavers in a 28-2 yawner. 

Some of the highlights of the UCSD hit parade 
included a six-run first inning, another in the fowth, a 
seven-run job in the fifth, and four more in the ninth. 
UCSD couJdonly muster single runs in the third, sixth, 
and eighth, and a pair in the seventh, leaving the second 
as its only scoreless inning. 

After some tedious addition, the line added up to 28 
runs, tying a UCSDrecord for runs, set in I 986 against 
La Verne. The Tritons racked up 24 hits as well . 

Some of the offensive stars included third baseman 
Dan O'Brien (5-8, 3 RBI). who smashed his first triple 
of the season. Second baseman Ollis Miyake (3-7, 
3RBI) extended his modest hitting streak to five 
games. with a home run in the fIrSt iming, his second 
of the season. As usual, sh<rtstop Eric Qwud was on 
base all day, collecting four hits and scoring fourtimes. 
Carl Abramson also added his first homer of the year, 
a three-run dinger in the fourth inning. 

When the schedule was made, part of the agree-
ment for this game was that UCSD would not use any 
ofitsjuniorsorseniasin thecontesl Wllhtharinmind, 
Head Coach Lyle Yales went to a three-man rotation 
onthemound.AndrewDeGrassepitchedthefirstthree 
imings. holding Tech scoreless. 

On came Steve Height in the fowth, who saw three 
irulings of action and gave up one run. Height's 
appearance was mainly for rehabilitalion purpo5CS in 

Dan McDoweiI/ Guardan 
Den O'BrIen w. 5 for 8 with 3 RII. 
an effort to work his shoulder back do game-shape. 
David Mullin wrapped it up, going the last three 
irulings for an im):l'Obable save. 

Despite the blowout, Mullin earned his flfSl save 
due to a strangerulethat says that a save can beeamed 
when a reliever pitches three "competitive" innings. 
The victory went to Height, raising his record to 24. · 
John W.esselmann (3-5) took the loss for Cal Tech (5-
14). 

Afterward Yales was obviously pleased with his 
team's efforts. He pointed out the errorless effort 
turned in by his defense and the squad's strong focus. 

"I was pleased with their level of concentralion," 
the coach said. "We could have just taken a vacation 
<u there after the big lead, but we just didn't do it" 

1heWeek 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
WOMEN'S LACROSSE: 
UCSD gets ready to host the 

Western Fmal Four ..... 12 

The Headline Matchup: Crew at the San DIego CIty ChampIonshIps, Saturday at 7:00 a.m., Mission Bay 
Other Games: Track & Field at the Pomon&fIltzer College Invitational. Saturday. Softball at the University of Redlands. Satl.fday. Baseball at Southern California College. Thursday. Men's tennis 

vs. Point Lorna Nazarene College. Thursday at 3 p.m .• Muir Courts. Golf vs. San Diego Goff Academ;, Satl6day at 1 p.m .• Toney PInes Golf Course . 

' " 
, • OJ ''' }} 'I'I , UU''JIII J U', : , ' 



lOCLASSmEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
IIWnIdonaI Houle II a grMI c:nJIHUI-
lural living oppor1unltyl AppIicIdIoI. for 
1983IN available .. the FIfth College Of· 
fIce 01 RecII1euce life. ok., Sr. I)( Gr8d 

ancIng~. Due 4.'21. (~5) 

Apply now for 'e3-fM DIrec:Ior ~ at 
the A.S. InI8mIhip Office. Six paid posI-
tIanIava/lable11 (PIAIIIc: RelatIons, NaIIonaI, 
De\lllcpment, San Diego, Etc .... ) Drop by 
ASIO to pick up 111 application: second 
ftoor P.C. Room 2.306. DMIIIne to apply Is 
Friday, April 18. 534-4889. (~5) 

FraepackofMarIloIo. Exchangefor.-, 
empty pecka. (CollectIng u.rIJoro ..... ) 
271011088. leave m-.ge. (~15) 

HANDS ON SAN DIEGO· One day, 0". 
community. Come volunt_ your time In 
an I...,. of your choice from the home· 
.... to the environment. For ml)(e Infor· 
matlon stop by the Volunt_ Connec· 
tlon, 2nd floor Price Center, or call 53<t. 

1~1~. (~f8""I22) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home·with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHINa 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairmair's ...................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-11~ 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ..................... 455-0662 
Domino's ..................... .452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
Yakimono ..................... 452--'255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... .450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Dearinger's .................. .454-1000 
Young Atti1udes ............ 457-~ 
Nalls by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 
Primo Hair (Terra) ........ 455-0046 

UCID IEALTH II FnNDI 
Being Frt ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less ................... .455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ... ...... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................ 452-7374 
Vision Care ................... 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ............. ... 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 

UCSDTElnNG 
Hyperfeaming ............... 455-1 000 
MCAT Review .... ........ ..456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 

UCSDNIGHTI 
La Jolla Brewing Co ... ..452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (W Marriott) 
.......................... ....... .... 587-1414 

Volleybar & Grill ............ 270-7860 

UCSDETC. 
St. Germain's ............... .455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3p.m. MontiayforThursday's issue. TheGuanlianreserves the righttorefuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Clossifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316,LA Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. . 

Do you r-.ed an on-aunpus Notary PublIc? 
"so, call 587-7911 . (1/4-&3) 
VoIunIiIer at A.S. Internship 0III0e1 GaIn 
interpersonal skills. make buainess con· 
tacts, learn about resume + inl8Mew pr0-
cesses. Volunteers r.ed only contribute 3 
hrsJWk. 2nd floor, Price Center, Room 
2.308, ~-4689. (4/12-4115) 
Mandeville Annex Gallery installation April 
12-16, titie M·F 12·5 p.m. "The Barc:odel 
Pedantics" and "Damnation is Art" by 
Adriano Munoz and Bernard SespeI\e. CIos· 
ing ceremony Friday 41166-8 p.m. (4112-41 
15) 
Order of Omega meetingl Wednesday 41 
1 ~193 8:30 p.m. Directions in box. Plan to 
attendl Ouestions? 587-1713. (~/12-4115) 

300 SU .... ER CAMP P08fT1ONS: in NY, 
PA,MASS &"AINE. Need skills In: Tennis, 
WSI/swlmming, water·skllng, salling, 
windsurfing, gymnastics, equestrian, 
baseball, basketball, soccer, hockey, 
lacrosse, canoeing, archery, rocketry, 
woodshop, ceramics, mr-, dance, piIno, 
guitar, ropeslpioneering, nurses, food 
service. Upper -dassmen preferred. Arlene 
- 1-800-443-6428. (311-4115) 
Camp Cenadensls, Pocono Mts. 
Pennsylvania. Excellent residential boys 
and girts summer camp. Wanted: Caring 
oounseiors. Must like children. Seeking 

-people to teach at lakelront, pools, ctimbing 
wall, jetski, dance, crafts, ropes, video and 
ml)(e. Summer season 6121193 to 8/19193. 
Call 1·800·832·8228. (418-4115) 
Earn cash stuffing envelopes a1 home. Send 

Got any ideas you're ~ching to share? We ' SASE to P.O. Box 9643 sPringfield, MO 
need your Input in planning an education 65801. (4/8-4119) 

·justlce fastlval with a aatlrlcalfocus In May. ------------
5 p.m.TODAY in Berkeley Room. (4115) 
HEY YOU I 00 you want to help your com· 
munitywhilehaYinglun?CheckoutUCSO's 
only CO-ED service fraternity. Info meeting 
tonight, 7:00 p.m. a1 HSS 2152. Everyone 
is welcome. (4115) 
2O'lto oil all tickets 10 Wertherl Sen DIego 
()peQ presents this Btunnlng production of 
MUMnet's classic French opera. Present 
student 1.0. at the Civic Concourse Box 
0fIIc:e at 3rd Ave. & B St in downtown San 
Diego. Performances are: Sat 4117, 7p.m.; 
Tue412O, 7p.m.;Fri4l23,8p.m.; Sun 4125, 

, , 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars I ... Begin NOWI FREE packetl 
SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 4000, Cordova, TN 
38018~.(2111~) 

RAISE A COOL $1,000.00 IN JUST ONE 
WEEKI FI)( your frat, sorority, club. + 1,000 
FOR YOURSELFI And a FREE IGLOO 
COOLER If you qualify. Call 1-800-932-
0528, Ext. 65. (2/22-4119) 
CAl&a.8NOWt-..o" Ean$2,1lOO+I 
monIh + wortd 11M. HoIday, IUl'fI* arC 
aw.- IIfI1lIoyment avaiIaI:*t. No experIer iC8 
'-Y. For ~ prtVWII cal ,. 
2Q&634.{)488 ext. C5978. (4112-4129) 

The Council on International Educa-
tional Exchange (ClEE) and Council 
TrcM:l, the nation's largest student! 
budget ~I specialist invite UC 
S/!n Diego studmts to perticipate in 
a marlcet research focus group to 
evaluate our publication, Siucknt 
TI'cM:/s. 

T\IIIO groups of 5 UC S/!n Diego stu· 
dents are nttded on Tuesday, April 
20. One group of students who 
haIIe ~Ied CNmeaS already will 
meet from 1:30 . 3:00 and the other 
group of students who haIIe NOT 
trcM:led 0Vf!1'SeaS will mttt from 
4:00 - 5:30. 

For further information, please con· 
lad Shirley Fleig at 270-1739, Mon-
day through Friday, ~ 9:00-
5:00. 

• .. .'.04 

America 's oldest and largest 
student trdVc/ Or9anl'dt,on! 

BabYllttlng. Occasional evenlngsl 
w"kends. Two school·ege children. 
Experience and references, please. P. 
Chien 456-6281. (~/8-4I19) 

Chllchn'a day ~ In Agoura seek 
special, caring, fun people. General 
counselor. & specially Instructors for 
horseback riding, crafts, swimming, nature, 
drama, boatIngIIIshing, mualc, gymnastics 
& morel Grea1 summer jobsl (818) 889-
8383. (4/8-511 0) 
SUMMER EMPLOYMENTI WE'LL PAY 
YOU AND TRAIN YOU. My Progressive 
marketing company is growing and can put 
you to work. We offer: stability, training, 
good money and morel I wII be holding a 
seminar on Wed., April 21 at 12:00 noon 10 
provide more Informallon. Sutllre limited, 
so call Usa @ 586-0101 to reserve your 
spotl (4115-4119) 
Hiring T odayl Established local oompany 
needs 5 enthusiastic spons minded 
IndMduaII for part·tIme I)( full-time posiIIonII 
sta/ting at $12 per hour. Call 793-0M73. (41 
15-518) 
Need _81 barmalG'Iood servers (foxy 
wenches) Friday eve (5128) party, $50. Call 
481-1673. Del Mar. (4115-4126) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-8<J0..438. 
4365 ext. P-3387. (4115-5110) 

Do you haw III eye lor fashion? Earn 
serious money and pey lor your coIege 
tuillonlnyoullparetime.LA.·,topmodeilng 
agency Is looking for you to lind the next 
.Super ModeI'- Female ac:outs preferred. 
(213) 982-9584. (4112) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT. EARN $2500-$3500 
AND MAKE A DIFFERENCE. National 
campaign positions to renew the Clean 
Water Act, promote comprehensive 
recycling, and Slop offshore oil drilling. 
Available In 22 stat .. and D.C. Campus 
Intrvws: 4127 and 4128. Call Jamie tollfr": 
1-800-75-EARTH. (4122-4126) 
euat_ Marketing ~"lIve. 
Part·time positions (15-20 hours per w"k) 
are available with a national marketing 
Irlormatloniconsulting oompany. We are 
looking for highly Intelligent and motivated 
individuals who are iookinglor achallenging 
job. Incividuals hired Into this position will 
be responsible lor ansMring lnooming calls 
from customers ordering demographic and 
marketing information· based products. 
Individuals wi. be trained on II aspects 01 
the different products offered and will be 
coached on phone skills. ThIs is a great 
DPPOnunlty for Economics and aEDS 
majors to gain applicable work experience. 
Hours are llexlble (we are wilYng to work 
around your schedule) and we are located 
near campus in Del Mar. The salary rate for 
this position is $6 per hour. " you are 
interested pIeue caJ1793-4151 and ask lor 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-eampusNolary PublIc? 
"so, call 587-7911 . (1I~-8/3) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you walt. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St. Germain's. ~52-9949. (1119, 
6/3) 
CLARITY SERVICES Editing: pr0ofread-
Ing, comments. Tutoring: writing, English, 
math. T ... preparation. ExperieIIOed, rea· 
sonable. 294-48601584-4708. (3129-4129) 
VlollnlVlola Lessona. You or your 
child(r.,,} can learn from 111 experienced, 
prof8Sllional1eacher. Now accepting Btu· 
dents - all .. and levell weIcomel Call 
Conrad, 48&00525. (3129-613) 

" \ 
• "' \\I \\\\ H\\\\\, Iot,\ \", 

Thunday, April 15, 1993 

Need typIngIword procesaing done? WIll 
do any sIza job, any type 01 job. I wiI aIIo do 

~ If needed I)(weneed. Cal Carol 481-
8364 eveninga. (~/HII3) 

PHYSICS/MATH TUTOR. Masters In 
physics with TA experience. $HillY. 827-
07~7. (415-51'6) 

CompulSive eating? Bulimia? Weight 
management I)( body in. Iuuea? Helpful 
peychotherapy groups forming. 01_ K. 
Wei .. Ph.D. licensed psychologist, 
(PSYl12476) specializes In relationshipl 
and eating disorders. Del Mar. carl 819-
431-6373. (415-4115) 
SLOV AKIAIPOlAND summer trips led by 
local students. Hike scenic mountain trells, 
visit I Gypsy village, explore casI1es and 
medieval towns, meet Slovaks and Poles. 
For details, call 800-666.JOIN. (~J5.~/19) 

Need money for college? Recorded 
message gives details. 221-2922. (4112-41 
29) 

Lash tint, facials, waxing, acne treatment. 
Highest quality products. Parvaneh's 
Skincare.552-1174. 1 0%011 with ad. (~112-
5I13) 
TRANSLATIONS into Spanish and EngHah. 
Native speekers with graduate deg_. 
Academic I)( Technical. Call 574-0696. (41 
15-4/19) 

WANTED 
Humanists, ratlonalia1s, aIheis1I, agnostics. 
and freethinkers: Tired of being told that 
ethics requires supematurel fl)(C8s? Want 
to tall to others pursuing "the good life" 
without divine aid? Cal Dave at 272-n19 
concerning the formation of a campus 
discussion group. (4/8-4122) 
Twelve Gauge Persuesion-seriousband 
with steady gigs - is seeking serious 
keyboard player. Blues, Rock, Funk 
influences. Call Dave at 825-7950. (4/12-41 
15) 
Small, friendly choir desperately seeking 
soprano(s) and tenor(s) lor mostly madrigals 
and chocoIate-chip oookles. If this fits your 
taste call Helke II 587-7018 or Mia at 
x42348. (~112-4115) 

INTER-RAetAL COUPLES needed fl)( 
student video project. ASAP. More Info: 
RICARDO 281-5903. (4115-4/19) 
VOLUNTEE R I Improve the quality of life for 
chWdren at risk of abuse and neglect. Caring 
IndiYiGJal needed fl)( Home Start', Family 
Aide Program now. Contact Karen 
HnchIeId at 692-0727. (4115-4.'22) 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with 
parve. Appraised $11,200.00. Sacri-
fice $6,000.00. Call ~54·2089 . (3/8-51 
1 ) 
DODGE' 981. Great around the town carl 
Runs greet. $600 o.b.o. Call Heather 453· 
6028. (411-4115) 
Own s condo - Cheaper than Rentl 1 
bedroom La Jolla; Walk to UCSD; Agent. 
982-0811 . (4/s-4/15) • 

Thursday, April 15, 1993 

'89 Yamaha Riva 200, freeway legal, excel· 
lent condo Trunk, helmet, parking permit, 
$1,500.00. 566·3446. (415·4/19) 
Giorgio Annanl & Ray Ban sunglasses & 
eyewear. UCSD special student promo· 
tion. Call (714) 855-1858. (4/5-4/15) 
Pioneer speakers $25, brass headboard 
(full) $50, desk/lamp $9, round picnic table 
$15. 535·1826. (4/8-4/19) 
Mustgive away: Red '85 Honda Elite Moped, 
$450; Red ten·speed bike $30. 551-9810. 
(4/8·4/15) 
BASS GUITAR, Rickenbacker 4003. 
Natural wood finish. Exc.sllent condition. 
Case and small practice amp included. 
$500 firm . MIKE home: 277-1726. Work: 
458·2675. (4/8-4/15) 
Smlth·Corone Word Processor For 
expertly typed papers! Keyboard with 
memory, dala disks, full screen , and 
instruction manuai. Only $200. Call Simon 
792·7089. (4112·4/15) 
Panasonic slereo. Only 10 mos. old . 
Excellentcond. Turntableanddualcassette. 
CD compatible. $200 o.b.o. Call Jennifer at 
458·t640. (4112·4/19) 
LAPTOP, TOSHIBA 1200HD 40MB 
Doubled , 1 MB RAM, ultra· reliable, great 
software, $500. Leading Edge Model·D, 
perfect, $125. Airline Ticket SD to NYC , . 
way lIy anytime until Aug . 6, $200. 
Negotiable. 272·5886. (4/12·4/1 9) 
Used Oscar Schmidt Acoustic guitar, $180 
negotiable. 3 free lessons for beginner. 
Call Chuck 622·9561 . (4112-4122) 
MOVING . End tables $15, cocktail table 
$10, Krups espresso'/colfee $40, 4·drawer 
desk $30. 2 6·drawer dressers $20, pine 
shelves $10. large formica table S10. 
redwood picnic table $35. 459-1943. (4115· 
4/19) 
EVEREX 286 AT. 2.5MB. 45MB HD, modem. 
mouse, Epson printer. Microso/t Word, C 
CoflllIer,assembIer.l..cU!.<IlBse, ~lXutiIiIies. 
Wndows. Ventura PlbIisher. more. 25 books 
a'1d maruais. $6OOo.b.o. 459-1943. (4115-4119) 
NOTEBOOK, Zeos 386SX-16; 1 MG RAM. 
20MG drive. VGA screen , 2 hour battery. 
S850 574-0696. (4/15-4/19) 
'81 Honda Accord. Peppy, 4-door automatic. 
Original owner. Extremely dependable I 
Only $1 ,100. 551 -2757. (4/15·4/19) 

Home beer brewing. All necessary 
equipment $35. Ben 558""616_ (4115) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks. boets, 4wheelers. 
mOlorhomes, by FBI. IRS. DEA. Available 
your area now. Call 1-800""36·4363 ext. C· 
7556. (4/15-5/10) 
Cannondale Racing Bike. 54cm Criterium 
Frame. SUntour Ac:cushilt. Great Deal $250. 
Rob 942-5107. (4115-4119) 

HOUSING 
Fumlshed condo. - Regents Rd. 2 bdr., 1 
ba., balcony. $825.00. 619·491 ·1196 or 
714-n9-0540. (3I4-5/5) 
University City room for rent. unfurnished 
5337 + 1/4 utilities, washerldryer, 
microwave. cable. quiet neighborhood. 
Non·smoker to share with med student and 
post docs. Andrea 453-7128. (4/5-4115) 
3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD available 
July or September. 51140/month. Nina 792· 
6453. (418-4/29) 
FOR RENT: University City Playmor; 
$1250.00 3BR, 2.5BA; 1550 sq.lt. condo; 
all appliances; CLEAN & OUIET. July 1; 
454-6462. (4/8·5/3) 
3 lovely rooms for rent in a beautiful, quiet 
neighborhood. Your own room with own! 
shared bathroom. S275/$300. 10-15 mins 
to UCSD. Call 271 -4316 and ptease leave 
message. (4/12·4122) 
Roommate needed! Own room in Del Mar 
apt. MIF, $328. Summer OK. 481 -4345. (4/ 
12·411s) 
Get living accommodations for summer 
ready now! Own room in spacious 3 
bedroom condo available 611 5. Ideal 
location . washer/dryer, dishwasher, etc. 
$280.00 deposit. $140.00 for 6/15-6/30 ; 
S292.00/month. 622-0877. (4/12-4/15) 
Room for rent. 2br. 2 bath condo Pacific 
Beach wl working student. Pool spa . 
bslcony , bayview. $400+112 utilities. $450 
deposit. Non-smoker. Avail . immediately. 
Jack 272-3129. (~/12-4115) 

Male roommateneeded. Cheap rent (S212) 
and lots of cool amenities. Call Sharlene 
452-7669. (4112-4/15) 
Room in furn ished townhome. 5 min. waik 
to UCSD. $360.00 per month. Roy 452· 
8836. (411 2-4/15) 

ftlMZI" 
Hamlet was no fool. He knew what he was doing when he 
commanded Ophelia to get her act together and join the 
literacy movement. And we know what we're asking 
when we call for your participation in this year's 
Union· Too 10, the 10K and SK run and walk to 
support literacy. Help us make San Diego a more 
literate community. 
Walk, run or volunteer on Sunday, June 13. 
You'll be doing Bill Shakespeare proud. 

..... cou.su 
Seerle, fast, poi't.to-point ccxncs. 1ht 1'* stIr1s. 8:00 •. m.1n Balboa PD, I\Il5 

~ the hurt d downtown. 1ht 51( stIr1s .1:30 •. m. ~. Horton Plaza 
Perk, MS down 1IroadwIy. BoIh racu finish. the ~ Part<. 

For !111ft inbmIIIcn pIrIIC all 
( .... ).3.-.. 39 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room in Hillcreat 3bdI2ba house. $3501 
mo. + 1 /3 utilities. 1 5 min walk to UCSO 
shuttle. 291-2955. (4/12-4126) 
4 bedroom, 2 bath house, Mira Mesa, 10 
minutes from UCSD, own room, fun + 
lriendlypeople, clean and quiet. $21 0 month 
+ 1/5 util~les. 566-0660. No Children. 
Available ~/May. (4112-4122) 
Single, unfurnished room for rent in 
University City. Washer, dryer, microwave, 
cable TV, 10 minutes from UCSD. $3001 
month + 1/3 utilities. Available now through 
6/19. 558·2076. (4/12-4126) 
Sorren1o Mesa, 15 minutes from campus, 1 
bedroornlbathlgarage tor rent, $350. New 
house, pool ,Jacuzzi, laundry. Prefer quiet 
non·smoker, no drugs, pets. Call Usa at 
578·8419. (4/12-4/15) 
DEL MAR CONDO near beach. Malel 
Female roommate wanted. Own room, 
bathroom. $36O/mo. DAVID 259-8097. (41 
12-4/19) 
Female for own room in 3bd, 2 112ba 
townhouse in UC Playmor. $3651mo. 1/3 
utils. $300 dep. 546·0695. (4115-4126) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST Pioneer stereo faceplate on Nonh 
Parking Shuttle 4/8 11 :00 a.m. REWARD. 
Call 453·7220. (4/12-4/1s) 
LOST: Pentax 3smm camera. Taken from 
dance at Anchorview, Friday 412. Please 
call 453-2320. (4112-4115) 
LOST SWATCH! Bus stop Med School 
side Gilman/Registrar. Have a hean, call 
457-1186. Reward. (4/15) 

PERSONALS 
CONGRATULATIONS on your new A.S. 
ollices. Carla & Neenal Love, AXO. (4/15) 
Good luck to everyone ptaying in ISVTI 
We'll see you there! -Alpha Chi Omega. 
(4/15) 
T oo·busy-to talk Calle Luna waiter looking 
to thank UCSD Bio Major with Jersey 
connections for great tip. Dinner's on me 
this time. Have no reservations? Perfect. 
Call Thomas, 213""63·6869. (4115-4/19) 
See Matt. told you I'd get your name in the 
Guardian. Matt Konradl Matt Konradl (4/1S) 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

..... .... 
AdYertI .. ", 
534-14 •• 

......... 

.1 3E~~~ Y fOR TI-<E ~AN [lIEG) 
(O)"i( ,0'" lEqt.,(Y' 

TO lFAR ... f() I(fAO 6frr~R 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

YAK. YOUR 
""ALLET 0 •• THE 

ENDANG •• ED 
SPECI.S LISTI ~ Koala's FROZEN YOGURT t::;:;:.s ~~ 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 452.0524 

OlEN YOGV bttwten Blockbuster Qnd Anthony's 

r----------------~, I Koala's49C I Butterfinger I FR~E I 
I Glace I Flurry '125• ToppIng I I . I or my othtr Reg. si1.t I with ptlrchllM of I 
I Just 10 calones I fbvor you I lilly smllU I ptr ounce! I choose I mldillm, or large 
I OnIy w;"' ''''.<DUfX>'\o I Not v.Jid with any othrr oIfrr. I Not valid with In)' othn oIferW Not VIWd w;ah.ny 0Ihtr oftrr. Ono por penon. Exp. 5/15/93 Ono por penon. Exp. sm/~J Ono porpenon. Exp. 5/ 15193 
----------- -----

Game /o.in us for 23red/asl 
slarl.in!J 71prIf 5 

3-egg Omlettes 
French Toast 

Belgian Waffles 
& much more 

Zips 7ummy 2Jusler 
t Y+ice Genler, lei 45~-0070 

NTERNA110NAL HOUSE 

APPLICATIONS 
DUE 

APRIL 21 

APPLICATIONS available at the Fifth College 
Office of Residence Life. Questions? Call 534-2261 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RrllL'<ld,Jrimd(r n".tip/h·1Y • . \lm,ber :1J)A. (DA, SIJCDS 

LA JOLLA VilLAGE PR.OFESSIONAL CENTER. 
8950 VIlLA LA JOLLA DIL, SUITE 2103 
Top Floor, illSf bclJind tlu fleplmllr Bnr 

558-3490 
Eptl/i'ljJ & SM.ran .. 

AppoillnnmTS A vni/nb/t 

Union-l'ribuDe. JO.M4 Sail Diego . V' Council 0/1 Literacy PLEASE (~l~ 8)~ ~31 J9'Q r----- ~----------------, 

2TANs$1: i MaiI~ Mdtee;'~ u;oo.""7illo~dOs;,-~CMj-~ue;acy~ PD~ &;,2s338, ~-~:cA-92'12~~l i jjJjJJJJjtJJJJJJJJ SeXjj jjjJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ i 
i JJJJJJJJJJJJ Jje JjJJJ jjJ-JJJ-JJJ Jj JjjjJJ i 
I I 
: RACES t"'**-J 0 5K RunlWaik 0 10K Run/Wall 0 10K Team Run : 
I I 
: DlYISIOHS t-__ FEES t .. ..,-_. T-MI/r1J : 
: MIn Women MIn Women O lrdvGJal EnIry ............ $16.00 ($19 after 615193) $ : 
I 012&U1IIr 0 0 45-49 0 TEAMS: All Team Entries .............. $ 75.00 ($100 alter 615193) $ : 
I 0 t3·17 0 0 50-54 0 DOpen Team I 
o 18·24 0 0 55-59 0 o Corporate Team =::::." 1fMrI"J;J~ :::1= 
o 25-29 0 0 60-64 0 0 Women Only T earn entry 1Im!hotid., iaJde .- 0I1IIe Ian. 
o 30-34 0 0 65-69 0 0 Civil Service Team 
o 35-39 0 0 7()+ 0 0 Military T earn 
o 04()..44 0 0 200 Ibs.+ Team Name: 

TOTAL ENCL""'OSED==--$----
Please charge J 0 Me 0 VISA Expiration: 
c~#JJJ -JJJJ-JJJJ-JJJJ ~JJJ 

Signature: 

PLEASE MAKE CHECK PAYABLE TO SAN DIEGO COUNCIL ON LITERACY ~ 
G A R ~ 

I U' I) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days ~S991 I 

Wolff 6ed5 e Facial T ftlel"5 I I 
'-----

Son: rmtrt:tbe." ,J 
• 2IIII!lO "" dQO t:l9.99(otIIl,.m-) 

---------------r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ••• $48 ~ lIostinches, and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/' 
I . Mindy, San Diego I Lose at lust 6" or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dletlnc. Not a temporary water loss, I 
I GOLDEN ~WGLE L. Joli. Pt. Loma HlllcNllIt I I rE~FECT TAN 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 I 
I :3251 Holiday C~. EI T ' 1"8Clflc &each MI5510n Valley State Collcec I ~55:g~9eet rom onto 581-9060 542-{)391 697-0014 

~ ________ :=~~.~~~~ ________ ,J 

• 

• 

• 



-. ' 

I • 

12 SPORTS 

Number-One UCSD 
Await Final Four Foes 
w uaI18IE: Trims lose goalie Laurie Vanderllaak 
ay ....... K.Hutto 
sr.ffWl'fter 

Like the shin says: the Triton 
\\Iomen 's 1acrosse team is ruff, tuff 
and most certainly buff, yet the ques-
tion still remains: wiu they have enuff 
stuff to cuff a dominant WestemFmaI 
Four field whcnnor1hem knighlscomc: 
aIcnockingon San Diego's open door? 

With the top four women's la-
crosse teams in California embarking 
on a title-trek crusade to the land of 
the Tritons on May 1-2, the UCSD 
lacrosse team will have to prove its 
number-one southern section ranking 
on a soon-to-be-bloody battlefield 
against the likes of mighty foes like 
UC Davis, the north's number-one 
seed. 

"Davis has got a real strong team 
this year," said Triton Head Coach 
Diane Wipple. "[playing on our own 
field] should certainly be an advan-
tage. We have a very good chance of 
making it to the finals and a chance at 
wiMing it [all)." 

GoCaen.~y 
Nationaf 
Honor'So~ 

REMINDER TO ALL 
PROSPECTIVE MEMBERS 

AVA 
IItJfIIYk 

!Jlome of tfie 'Wo,ufs 
:Finest yourmet Coffee 

457·JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Boo/war) 

• Monday-ThUl1day 6 am-I I pm 
• Friday 6 am-midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am-midnight 
• Sunday 8 am- I I pm 

r-------, I $100 OFF I I I 
I Aily Cappuccino, I I I 
I Mocba,or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I 0." P<' au_. ap. ~fl9I9J I 
-------

Sectional playoffs will determine 
the number-two seeds thar will com-
pete in the winner-lake-all Final Four 
championships that lie ahead. Wipple 
expects Stanford will represent the 
north, despite stiff competition from 
St. Mary's and UCSB will gamer the 
southern-section opening. 

The Tritons fmished offtheirregu-
larseason last weekend with victories 
over the Occidental College Tigers, 
11-3, and the fonnerly number-one 
ranked Claremont College Athenas, 
l7-11. 

"Claremont was ranked fll'St in the 
southern section before we came into 
the game and we beat them by six 
goals, so we basically just switched 
positions," said Wipple. 

The weekend wins capped off a 6-
I conference season, which did not 
include an impressive victory over a 
tough Michigan Wolverines squad, 
11-9. 

UCSD's lone loss came at the 
spurs of the current number-four 

The UCSD Guardian 

ranked Gauchos of UC Santa Bar-
bara, 15-8. The defeat was doubly 
hard to swallow for the Tritons due to 
a season-ending injury to top goalie 
Lauric Vanderbaak, who injured her 
knee at the beginning of the second 
half. 

"Santa Barbara was a tough game 
for us. We did not get a chance to play 
the kind of game we're capable of 
afterwelost [V anderhaak]," adrnimed 
Wipple, who has since had to shift 
inexperienced Andrea Schechner, an 
offensive contributor, to a sentinel 
life of guarding the net. "[Schechner) 
has done a great job for us so far and 
has learned very quickly." 

Senior Michelle Reiss anchors a 
stingy, stay-out-of-my-housedefense, 
averaging one to two interceptions a 
game and Loc Nguyen has added the 
offensive punch, combining a trig-
ger-happy stick with an exceedingly 
rare capabi I ity to pass the ball, distrib-
uting three to four assists per game. 

"The wholetearn did a lot of grow-
ing this season. Everyone is playing 
well both offensively and defensively. 
We are very versatile," said Wipple. 

If the Tritons can overcome 
Vanderhaak's injury, the Tritons' 
quest for the crown should be no 
bluff, as they huff and they puff .. . . 

BLUEPPER: 
Thunday, April 15, 1993 

lied. Something was definitely amiss. 
Finally, one emboldened grounds-
keeper took a couple of steps toward 
the trailer, evidently to light the rest of 
the fuses on the bottle rockets. 

Unfortunately, he is 
still alive and kicking 
ContInued from .... 9 All of a sudden he turned around 
works started rockin'. Well son of. and scrambled back as the fll'Cworks 
The extravaganza was less than ex-
travagant. Plenty of firecrackers and 
those little, itty-bitty fll'CWorks that 
shoot straight up and semi-cxplode 
about 30 feet above the ground. Well, 
it was only the beginning. 

But after two minutes it became 
apparent that that was it. The f II'C-
works only changed to a couple of 
different colors; mostly, they were 
white and flew straight up. Then they 
started to spin out of control. The only 
exciting part about it was that the 
explosives were now being shot so 
high that they were actually threaten-
ing the fans in the upper deck. 

So as fans were screaming and 
dodging out of the way of random, 
semi-exploding, almost-fireworks, 
they stopped. The field was com-
pletely dark. But the music contin-

started up again, only less impres-
sively then before, if that was pos-
sible. This time it was some sickly 
orange things that just sort of popped 
up and then quickly fIZZled out no 
more than silt feet off the ground. 
Without the firecrackers, the only 
sound was this pathetic little putt-
putt, like those boiling mud pots at 
Yellowstone. Pathetic was not the 
word_ 

It was historically significant. 
though. It must have been the only 
fireworks exhibit ever that people 
booed. 

But perhaps the sorry spectacle 
was summed up best by one fan as we 
were leaving the park. "It would have 
been more exciting if Tom Werner 
had gone out to centerfield and lit his 
farts." 

The Guardian sports deparbnent 
needs writers. This means you. 

can 534-6582 or stop by the second floor of the 
Old Student Center. 

\\ '\' \ 

Thursday, April 15, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Melt Under Arizona Heat 
YIOIEN'S 1ENNIS: 
UCSD loses to GlNaVUS 
Adolphus and Trinity 
ByBree5elei 
Staff Writer 

1be women's tennis team flew to 
Phoenix, Arizona this past weekend to 
compere among nationally-ranked ~ 
ponents from Gustavus Adolphus Uni-
versity and Trinity University. 

1be Mt day's matches ended in an 
upset loss to Gustavus Adolphus by a 

scoreof6-3af-
ter being down 
4-2 at the con. 
clusion of the 
singles 
matches. 

The singles 
matches were 
lengthy, with 
four out of six 
lasting three 
sets. "They 
were a little 
more aggres-
sive than we 

were. We know what to wOl1c on," said 
freshman Miki Kurokawa, who added 
that she felt the weekend games were 
good preparation for the upcoming 
NCAA Division m tournament 

The desert sun proved to be an 
obstacle for the Tritons. '"The heat was 
a lot different than what we're used to. 
I think it affected a lot of people who 
were exhausted when doubles came 
around," freshman Yumi Takemoto 
said. 

Heather Williams' 6-3, 6-1 singles 

Jason RItcNe/Guan1Ian 
Diane Chandler won her"~ match acatnst Trinity, 64, 7~. 
match victory was a highlightforUCSD. tougher game. "I've leamed to be more 
"Ifelt good I didn't let [my opponent) aggressive. I used to be a base-line 
getahead. I stayed mentally focused the player but now I come: to the net- it's 
whole time," said Williams. a plus," reflected Takemoto. 

Takemoto and Birdie Gessford lost LaPlante called Annie Hoecker the 
their doubles match 64, 64. "We had player of the weekend for setting per-
a hard first set. They're agood team. We sonaI record bests by winning both 
weren't really consistent; the second set singles and one doubles match. 
we started to catch up," said Takemoto. Most matches could have gone ei-

TheseconddayWlderthesunyieided tiler way. We need to get'more aggres-
similar results, with Trinity University sive. We used [this weekend) as a pre-
seizing a 6-3 victory. UCSD was once nationals tournament to get us tuned 
again f~ with more aggressive and up," said l..aPIante. 
equally talented competitors. 1be weekend losses will effect 

Diane Olandler's powerful perfor- UCSD's ranking at the NCMs. AI-
mance pushed her over the top to win though not seeded among the top four, 
her singles match 6-4, 7-6. Annie the women still have a chance at captur-
Hoeckerprovedunstoppableandpicked ing the national crown. 
up another victory with an impressive "WemakeeverydaybeJiketheday 
6-4,64 score. before natJonals SOeveryone out there is 

Takemoto credits UCSD Head giving 100 percent. 1be key is conti-
Coach Liz LaPlante with teaching her a dence," said LaP\arte. 

Let Our Personal Attention 
Bring Out Your Personal Best 

'l11c Princ~lon Rt:view k.nows that 
small cla,,~ arc essential in order 
10 gel II higher ~core on your 
graduale school exam. 

Our smull cla~ses pmt.lucc big 
resuhs. Co""it.icr our avcrae.e score 

imJlfovemenl~ . 
LSAT - to poinlS 
GMA T - 85 poinls 
GRE - 215 poinls 
MeAT - 3 poinlS 

Tesl prep wilh a pefllonallouch and 
guaranleed resul .. ; Ihai's The 
Princelon Review. 

THE '@ PRINCETON _ 
REVIEW _ 

W. Score "'DIW 
619-558-0500 

FIND 
Roommates 

TIckets 
Can 
Bikes 
DfaIs 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
and morelD 

............. 

upstairs in the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Loeal Anesthesia) 

OU1~~lmWcltLE 

LA MESA 
8881 F 1f'lchf'r Pk wy 

(619) 698 6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 L<I Al.ln1f'C1.1 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch 51 
(7141 851-1201 

fii/il FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

SPORTS 13 

From 3-6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID h h 
Two complet. dinners for only 
$9.90 with IIudent ID 
Good IIvv 6/~/93 foot 112 

OLD TOWN , SAN DIEGO • 298 - 0133 

ALLERGIES? 
Research volunteers needed to participate in a clinical drug study 

testing an investigational drug not currently on the market. 
Volunteers must have Hayfever with springtime symptoms such as 

sneezing, watery eyes, runny nose and congestion. 

Qualified participants will be paid up to 
$175.00 
for partiCipation 

Please call Janet or Dianna at 
(619)436-3988 

Warren W. PI •• kow, M.D. 
Asthma and Allergy Treatment and Research Associates 

ON SERVICE" REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's II. 1DWS Master Mechanics ~_ 
=== exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 

9870 Miraaw Road • 410-1414 
Air. Weter Cooled • Maintenance Sriices • Air Conditioning. Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines· G .. & Diesel • Electrical· ClutchM • Brak ... Velv .. 

YAKIMONO 
Japan.se • Food 

loccfed In the Autopoct MOU • Mllamaf 
Nerl Doot to DIscount r,e 

EXPIRES 611~!93 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
AFFORDAB LE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 ~:ts Rd. (Vons Shopping Center) 
Tal.. 0lIl . w. abo oller cotIring ....... 452·4255 

L HOUIS: 11:30.-9 pm (Man.·11Iun.1, 11:30_10 pm .... &SaI.),5-9p1115u1titap .J 
--------------------

APRIl18 
11 AM-4 PM 

AT STONEHENGE 

-

-

•• 



14 

:1.. 

r 

1-

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 15, 1993 

STANDINGS Collegiate 
Over-th.Line 
Returns 

SOFTBALL 
Subway Sergio's Rankings 
(Thru 4-13) 

TIIm IRIconI 
Run per 

gemelvg. 
lEN'S AM 
1 Captain Fogcut1ers (1-0) 19.0 
2 Big Red Machine (2-0) 14.0 
3 Sliding Drabos (1-0) 6.0 
4 Pimpln' Ain't Easy (1-0) 8.0 
5 Smack Squad (1-0) 15.0 

IEN'SAA 
1 BaseIopIs (2-0) 13.0 
2 ZBT (1-0) 17.0 
3 Surf Beat (1-0) 13.0 
4 Army 01 Dat1mess (2-0) 14.0 
51-900-SPANKED (1-0) 17.0 

MEN'SA 
1 Swinging Singles (1-0) 31 .0 
2 Da' Bears (2-0) 12.0 
3 Milwaukee's Best (1-0) 25.0 
4 Field of Wet Dreams (2-0) 14.5 
5 Bio Franks (2-0) 6.5 
649 Wingers (2-0) 11.0 
7 Lillies of the Field (1-0) 6.0 
80BZ (1-0) 12.0 
9 Swingin' to our Knees (1-0) 12.0 
10 Loads (1-0) 13.0 

VOLLEYBALL 

TNmiAlcord 
Aun per 

gamelVg. 
WOMEN'S 
1 Earthpigs For Choice (1-0) 19.5 
2 Lab Rats (2-0) 8.0 
3 Four In A Row (H) 10.0 
4 AO Pirates (0-0) 0.0 

COEDAA 
1 Batman Returns (1-0) 9.0 
2 Spit'N Chft (2-0) 14.0 
3 Liefer Box (2-0) 19.0 
4 We Crap Bricks (1-0) 21.0 
5 LiHies of the Field (2-0) 14.0 

COED A 
1 Wlflie My Balls (2-0) 17.0 
2 We're No Angels (1-0) 16.0 
3 Drunk & Easy (1-0) 14.0 
4 Mingram's Calves (1-0) 9.0 
5 Les Femmes (1-0) 11.5 
6 H8Id Bats & Softballs (2-0) 9.5 
7 WMe Sox (1-0) 20.0 
8 Da' Islandahs (1-0) 10.0 
9 Revolting Masses (2-0) 11.5 
10 Shin's Sluggers (1-0) 7.5 

At a massive news conference held 
yesterday at the Bahia Hotel in 
Mission Beach, UCSD Intramural 
Sports announced that the extremely 
popular San Diego Collegiate Over-
The-Une Tournament, long a fixture 
on the spring quarter athletic and 
social calendar, wi. return on 
Saturday, May 1 st at Fl8Sta Island on 
Mission Bay. 

The aH-day tournament (8:00am 
start) will be run in conjunction with 
San Diego State Recreational Sports 
and ~ University of San Diego 
Intramural Sports program and will 
feature a number of competitive 
divisions in the fast-growing sport of 
Over-lhe-Une (3-person beach 
softball). 

The 17th annual tournament wiU 
feature separate divisions from each 
institution competing in either 

Fretemity, Open, Women's 
Open, or Coed Open. At the 
conclusion of the university divisional 
tournaments, champions from each 
will compete for overall city champion-
ship titles. 

The tournament is open to aM fully-
enrolled students at each of the three 
major institutions In San Diego. Team 
entry fees will be $15.00 per three-
person team for all UCSD entries. 

Saturday, 
F est a 

Entry forms, tournament rules, and 
maps to the tournament site will be 
available at the Canyonview 
Recreation Office begiMing Monday, 
April 19th at12 noon. Entries deadline 
for all teams will be Thursday, April 
29th at 5:00pm. 

Corne on out and enjoy the 
competition in one of San Diego's 
favorite spring and summer pasttimes. 
Over-lhe-Une has had a competitive 
presel108 in San Diego for aver 40 
years and has spread beyond the 
World Championship Tournament held 
every July at Fiesta Island. 

This summer there wiD be over 20 
professional OTL tournaments held on 
the west coast from San Diego to Long 

May 
I s I a 

1 s t 
n d 

Beach to Las Vegas to Lake Tahoe 
and Arizona as well. 

As a lifetime sport. you can'l beat it. 
C'mon on out and give it try, the San 
Diego Collegiate OTL experience is 
perfect for first-timers and veteran 
players cUke. 

Campus Golfe,. Ready to Tee it Upl 

Evian Pounders PoU liS 014115 
Fora 
golfer, this has 
been one of 
the worst 
winters in 

missed pulls and sliced drives (but 
you do still have'to card alllhose 
strokes). If you can't shoot 72, at least 
you'n know your taking divots out of 
some of the most beautiful real estate 
in the country, 

The field wiI be cut in half for the 
second round which wi be played at 
another beautiful sea-sIde track, 
Coronado Golf Course, The chase for 
the title will reaIy heat up on this 
chaJIer9ng layout The final round is 
8 vtI'f exdullvt aIIaIr thai wi feature 
only the sweetest swings at UCSD. 

AM 

1. We Have Balls 

2. Oognut Bumbers 
3. Clueless 
4. Out of My Kitchen 
5. Tom's Team 

3-0 

3-0 

2-1 

2-1 

2-1 

AA 
1. ShaMs 4 the Pancakes 
2. Boanerges 
3. Humpty Bumpty 
4. Ladies & Gentlemen 3-0 
5. Bump, Set, Oops 3-0 

A 
1. Psycho Killers 6-0 

2. The Bee Gee's Fan Club 6-0 

3. "Was a Good Name Too 6-0 
4. Scatterbrains 6-0 
5. Bump, Toss & Slam 6-0 

Graphic:s by Till EoII 

memory, We live In San Diego for a 
reason. "doesn't rail here. Hackers 
want to play at least 360 days a year, 
For a lot 01 foils, the clubs have _ 
banished wei back into the closet or 
garage for the last five months, 
Fortunately, the UtJy rails 01 winter are 
behind us and spring is definitely here, 
That means it's time 10 get back into 
the garage and dust off the clubs and 
try to remember what it feels like to M 
a ball. 

The wet winter has made the 
courses here in San Diego greener 
than ever before. The great scenery 
helps take some of the steam off the 

The opriIg round takes place right 
across the street at the T arrey Pines 

All-Campus Championship 
Torrey Pines • Coronado 
April 30, May 1,2 

GoH Course. One look at the first tee, 
and you wi. notios that every swing 
under the sun is represented. The low 
handicappers have the sweet swings. 
The 3-digit shooters contort 
themselves every which way while 
doing their best to push, shuv, kick and 
hack their way toward the green. 

ThIs final stop on the 1M Golf Tour is 
only available to a limited number of 
players, Sign-ups will begin Monday, 
April 19. Don't waste any time hacking 
your way down to Canyonview if you 
want to get signed up for this classic 
event 

BJ's 
~!f$ 

Pizzeria 

OFF ANY 
LARGE PIDA BUY ANY 

FOOTl.ONG SUB 
AT THE REGULAR 
PRICE AND GET A 

fREE 
22-oz. DRINK 

"CHIPS 
WITH STIJOEt{T 10 . 'f 

NOT 1/,,\..10 WITH ,,'" 

I'f«Ise present coupon wben ordering. 
VaJldjor delivery, WrryouI or dine In. 
.Exp.3/31/93 

FlEE CAMPUS DlLMlY TO YOUI DOOR 
Swlll :30am-ll fI'IiM-Th 11 am-ll pm 

Fri. & Sat .. 1 _12 mid 

8873 Villa Lajo//a Dr, Lajo//a Vii/age Center 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU tbe best! 


