
Elsewhere M_ JohnIon Comes 
ToUCIBRaIy 
SANTA BARBARA - Fonner 
Los Angeles Laker star Magic 
Johnson visited UCSB last 
week to offer his support for the 
UCSB Physical Activities (PA) 
Department, which may be 
forced to close as part of 
budget-reduction measures. 
Johnson joined a long list of 
speakers who came out in 
support of the PA Department 
during a rally at Robinson Gym 
on the UCSB campus. He also 
donated $25,000 to the 
financially strapped department. 
During the rally, organizers 
collected approximately 1,000 
signatures on a petition to save 
the PA department. 

uc DavIs Students Debate Fee __ 
DA VIS - UCD students 
debated a ballot measure that 
would assess students a fee in 
order to maintain services at or 
near the current level despite 
major funding cuts. While 
supporters of the' measure say 
the additional money will 
prevent the loss of 10 intercol-
legiate athletic programs and a 
large increase in the cost of 
student health services. 
Opponents of the measure say 
the measure merely prevents 
the administration from making 
difficult decisions and say $1 .5 
million in budget reserves 
could be used to reduce the 
severity of the cuts. 

Radio Show To 
Discuss Legalltl •• 
OAKLAND-- Following 
allegations of discriminatory 
housing practices within the 
Education Abroad Program 
(EAP), the UC Office of the 
President will be conducting an 
investigation of the program. 
The action is a response to a 
letter signed by members of an 
organization called Concerned 
Black Faculty; who claim that 
three black professors were 
dismissed from consideration 
for EAP positions without 
sufficient explanations. 

Inside 

REv UP 
HIAtuS: New play shows 
the political nature of a 
famous French film. Hi 

SPOIl,s: UCSD track 
and field visits the national 
chaolpionships. II 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .......... .. .. .......... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES ........ .... 3 
OPINION .. .... ...... ..... ............. 4 
HIATUS .... .. .. .... .. .......... .. ... 01 
CLASSIFIEDS ................. ..... 12 
SPORTS ...... ..... ... .... ..... ....... 16 

'. 

, H E u c 

UCSANDIEGO THliRsDAY, MAY 27,1993 

THE CAT IN THE HAT Is BACK 

. Jason Ritchie/Guard'., 
The work of Theodore Seuss GeIsel, the famed Dr. Seuss, went on display at the Central 
Ubrary this week. A student pasle...." checks to see If the 'Cat In the Hat' Is ticklish. 

UCAB Asked to Pay for Legal Defense 
GOVERNMENT: Facilities board Carruthers said a straw pole showed the board in 
may advise administration to sue favor of taking action to recover the fees by a5-

4 margin with two abstentions. 
Burnett to recoup $38,()(X) in fees Burnett contested the administration's abil-
By ChrIs JenIen ity to recover the money from him. He said he 
Associate News Editor had spoken with his attorney and was told that 

UCSD administrators may force the newly- a public institution such as UCSD cannot sue an 
formed University Center Advisory Board individual for filing a lawsuit with "malicious 
(UCAB) to foot the bill for legal expenses intent" against the institution. 
incurred by the university in former University Burnett added that because of this restric-
Center Board (UCB) Cbair Chris Burnett's at- tion,hewill not be forced to pay the university's 
tempt to prevent the "disestablishment" of the legal costs "unless Tucker foots the bill for a 
now-defunct UCB. lawsuit himself' and that the whole affair is 

Meanwhile, UCAB members discussed the merely an attempt by the administration to force 
possibility of forcing Burnett or his attorney, the UCAB to pay the attorney's fees. 
Craig Barkus, to pay the $38,000 bill presented Canuthers said he was unable to comment 
to the board by Assistant Vice Chancellor of on the legal issues presented by Bumett but he 
Student Programs and Facilities Tom Tucker. knew the university received legal advice favor-

According to UCAB Warren College Repre- ing action to recover the fees. 
sentative Aaron Goodman, the new board must Ooodman Slid it would be unfair if the boerd 
decide whether to advise the administration to ~ ~ to pay expenSes that were illCUl1'ed 
take legal action against Burnett or to pay the as a result of Burnett's legal actions. 
legal expenses out of its $34,000 budget for the "The situation is that the University Center 
1993-94 academic year. Advisory Board is going to be stuck footing the 

Goodman added that although he was unsure biU because of Chris Burnett's lust to sue the 
how the board would vote, the Warren College regents," he said 
Council voted to endorse an attempt to reclaim· Canuthers said the move was not a personal 
the money. University Centers Director Jim See UCA8, page 9 

5 D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 18 

Tesak to 
Assume 
Presidency 
A.I. WATCIt Judicial Board rules 
that a new election would be 
unconstitutional in Bartalotta case 
By ChrIs JenIen 
Associate News Editor 

The Associated Students Judicial Board an-
nounced yesterday that Vice President-Admin-
istrative Carla Tesak will be appointed to the 
position of AS. President, filling the vacancy 
left when the board declared elected president 
Randolph Siwabessy ineligible to hold office. 

In the decision, the Judicial Board ruled 
against former AS. presidential candidate D.A. 
Bartolotta. who had requested that the board 
mandate a run off election between himself and 
Third College Council Chair James Hill, who 
finished second in the April election. 

According to Judicial Board Chair Sally 
Sherry, the ruling was based on Article m, 
Section A.2(a) of the AS. constitution, which 
states that the vice president administrative "shall 
act as president of the ASUCSD in the event of 
the absence or removal of the president from 
office." 

In a written statement, Tesak said the Judicial 
Board's decision was appropriate in this situa-
tion. 

"I'm extremely happy that the Judicial Board 
[has] decided not to have a run off [election] 
because 1 feel it would be detrimental to the best 
interest of students," she wrote. 

"I will try my hardest to work in the best 
interest of students," she added. 

The decision follows almost a month of 
debate over the fate of the AS. presidency that 
included two separate complaints against 
Siwabessy filed with the Judicial Board. The 
board found Siwabessy ineligible to serve as 

See SlWABESSY, Page 10 

Alternative Media 
FlDlding Slashed 
By A.S. Council 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

Funding for most of UCSD's alternative 
media. including the new indicator, California 
Review and The Koala, will be trimmed by the 
Associated Students Media Committee in an 
attempt to encourage self-sufficiency and ac-
commodate budgetary pressures. 

According to A.S. Commissioner of Com-
munications Bik-Na Park, the move "isn't to 
destroy the media in any way - this is to help 
them." Park said her goal is to increase the 
media's efficiency and to envourage them de-
velop outside funding from donations, sub-
scriptions and advertising. 

"Running a paper is not just writins articles. 
It is also sustaining your paper," she said. noting 
Ihal, although most alternative media is cur-
rently reliant upon A.S. funding, money allo-
cated by the A.S. is supposed to be supplemen-
tal. "We're trying to wort for them, that's why 
we want them to have outside revenue - so 
they can survive the budget crisis." 

See MEDIA, page 9 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Vice Chancellor 
Selected for Top UC Post 
ByRltuSax_ 
Staff Writer 

ucsb vice chancellor for ad-
ministration V. Wayne Kennedy has 
been confinned to beromc UC se-
nior vice president for business and 
finance. 

HewiUrep\aceSeniorVicePrcsi-
dent for Administration Ronald 
Brady, who is stepping down after 
IO years at the post. 

The newly-titled senior vice 
president position encompasses a 
broad range of roles within the uni-
versity, including development of 
policy for and supervision of the 
university's financial systems, busi-
ness functions, audit and corporate 
accounting. 

Kennedy. who will be managing 
a $9.5 billion budget, suggested that 
the UC system is a strong and vital 
institution, and said that he had "00 
magic solutions" to fix the budget 
problems. 

"We face enonnous challenges 
if we are to adapt and to succeed in 
a dramatically changing environ-
ment," he said. "We have already 
reduced staff, and have implemented 
early retirement programs- hope-
fully the economy will tum around," 
he added. 

Kennedy was the top choice of 
UC President lack Peltason and an 
advisory comminee that conducted 
a nationwide job search involving 
more than 280 applicants and nomi-
nees. 

Pho!o COUItesy of ucso 
Y. Wayne Kennedy ... been 
Illlcted ... UC VIce PreeIdent. 

In a press release from the Office 
of the President, Peltason said, 
"Wayne Kennedy brings a wealth 
of skill and experience to this posi-
tion and an extensive knowledge of 
the university, its campuses and as-
sociated operations." 

Kennedy, 55, has been involved 
in university administration since 
1961, when he served at the Univer-
sity of Maryland. 

He amved at UCSD in 1973 as 
an assistant vice chancellor for 
Health Services and associate dean 
for administration of the School of 
Medicine. 

"My broad knowledge of issues 
relating to the university as well as 
my other wot1c in administration 
will serve as a firm foundation for 
my new position," Kennedy said. 

Kennedy assumes his new posi-
tion on June I. 

A.S. Agrees to Reopen 
Negotiations with the Co-ops 
By ElaIne Camuso 
Staff Writer 

In a special meeting last Mon-
day, the Associated Students and 
members of the co-ops agreed to 
continue negotiations on the Memo-
randum of Understanding before 
May 30, the latest deadline set for an 
agreement. 

Although the A.S. and the ad-
ministration have both put their sig-
natures on the latest draft of the 
Memorandum, the co-ops and the 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) have refused to sign, citing a 
list of 19 points of contention. 

Co-op member and former GSA 
representative to the A.S. Steve 
Dubb submitted a proposal during 
the meeting for a negotiating com-
minee consisting of the representa-
tives from the GSA, A.S., and the 
co-ops to work out their differences 
with the memorandum. 

"It is essentiallhat any proposal 
that is given to the administration is 
a result of all three student groups 
coming together," Dubb said. 

Groundwot1cBooks member and 
co-op representative to the negotiat-

ing committee Chloe Burke de-
fended the co-ops' call for the re-
opening of negotiations. 

"Some people say we are being 
too idealistic. We' re not trying to 
make an idealistic document here, 
we're just trying to put language 
into this document that all of the 
student coalition agrees with, not 
just one-third," she said. 

Comissioner of Academic Af-
fairs John Bames was less optimis-
tic. 

"No matter how united we are, 
the ramifications of reopening ne-
gotiations will be that the adminis-
tration will not sign. The point of 
negotiation is that everyone makes 
amends," he said. 

The council voted to reopen ne-
gotiations using the proposed nego-
tiation comminee 14-0, with 00 ab-
stentions. The negotiating commit-
tee will meet throughout this week. 
In addition, A.S. President Carla 
reported in the A.S. meeting last 
night that the administration will be 
distributing eviction notices to the 
co-ops next Tuesday, following the 
May 31 deadline. ' 

"" (.(SO Goa!fIrl is PIds/IIIIj,... R 1IuIdI/I dIItr« lilt 1I:IIIImc)N I7t in! tr II1e SWderIs 
fA UCSO. ~ fAlNllIeIII!IIIII' 1/1 ~ fOIm, ..... II _ or II ~ IOIIfo.I penr/IIIOfI lS 
SlIIc:Iy ~ 0 1993, II ,... --.ed. "" LCSD GI.ftwIis not IISplI1SIiIe tr 1he _ fA 
....,~or~ 1I1e ..... """'"'""lnflPllcl...,..,~or<Xllll!1elQllesdDnot 
'-" ,......1he ..... fA "" UCSIJ Gc-. hll'Mr1llr fA c.Ibria. or lilt ~ 

~ "" UCSIJ GI.ftwIIs U1dId ..., I7t --... In! one b' 1he l0III ... 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, May27,l993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

'iOO'iE ~ &.T . FACt\). 8\lG -e.'fED. 
1\OOGtR.·140SE\) .. S~~'(· 8~M~E.I). 

1\\\5 ~Ol\lI4\UR 5OC.I~ ~ 
J\)S~ 1"I4T fOR III£, _ 

BEEn.E . 1M • .' 

(qNlicl 
oPit-tiotU 

, ~~ .. -~ 
, .. 

TO\)io.'i fOQ. SIIOW Hol~ ID.L . 
I'VE 8ROIlG\{ T I~ "3:IME 

FL~S\\ C"ROS 1 "'''DE . 

EAC\\ CI'.RO ~I'.5 ~ ~f\ER 
~EO B"I ~'4eRAL ~S\{ES . 

~H r '5W0'f4 ll\£ c"'~. '(00 
'{w... ~ 'llJUOt.II.. O~~~ ~ 

'BL"'~EtI'OJS \'lOR\) ll\E~ ':>1')0,1\1) 

'5~t OS 5\lC\\ '" \{'iI'O(~\rE 
lIaCl.)' ~\JILI)\I'\G IjOCJ-S\lLMl~ . 

t<)~ ~ ... R£M)"I ? 

BRIEFLY ••• 

A.S. Will Hold Enrollment Cut Forum 
The ASUCSD will hold a forum to discuss the possi-

bility of further fee increases and enrollment cuts on 
Friday, May 28 in the Price Center Cove. 

The A.S. hopes the event will give the student body 
input into the decision-making process as they prepare to 
take a position on these issues. Several council members 
will be speaking to students about the current options and 
possible courses of action that the A.S. may take. 

ScrIpps Professor Named to 
American Academy of Sciences 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography Professor of 
Behavioral Physiology Walter F. Heiligenberg has been 
elected to the prestigious American Academy of Arts and 
Sciences. 

Heiligenberg is a neuroscientist at the Scripps 
Institution's Marine BIo\Ofi Research Division, where he 
studies the electric senses of fish in order to learn how 
they process sensory information and control adaptive 
behavioral responses. Such neurological knowledge 
may provide insight into how the human brain processes 
information. 

Heiligenberg came to Scripps in 1972 as a visiting 

associate researcher and was appointed as a full 
professor in 1977. 

The American Academy of Arts and Sciences was 
founded in 1780 and is the second-oldest honorary 
society in the nation_ It honors achievement in science, 
arts, humanities and public affairs_ 

UCSD Will Estabilish Katzln 
Chair of Jewish Studle. 

The UC Regents have approved the establishment of 
the Katzin Chair of Jewish Studies at UCSD. 

The position, endowed by Jerome and Miriam Katzin, 
will be the third chair established in UCSD's Judaic 
Studies program, an interdisciplinary field of study which 
currently includes scholars In UCSD's Literature, Anthro-
pology and History Departments. The Katzin Chair will be 
a recognized scholar in an academic discipline in which 
the Jewish community has contributed to the advance-
ment of the human condition. 

Jerome Katzin is a long-tl~ supporter of the univer-
sity/ he has served on the UCSD Foundation Board of 
Trustees since 1982 and was elected president of the 
board last year. 

The Guardian 
weather ,eport 

-' . ... :'.~' ~ :" . 
« .• ~ .... ... "", 

Thurs: 72'/62' FrI: 70'/61' 
Source: National Weather ServICe 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
aoRDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
BEN LAVINE, Associate OpInion Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NlESEl., Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Spotts Editor 
DAVID SNOW, FeBtutes Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

Sat: 70'/61' Vest_1liiy: 73/63' 

IU1ISTItATORS: MIcIuI Croft. Tara Eoll. NatIIan Ellin. Speed Fan1S. Jennifer 
Hart. DominIC LOOOIa. Alan LunGlreft. ACIrI8no Munoz. KatIe Roe. AI $pO", 
DIIIeNIIIS: Joel Arnold. WHson Cheu"l. MaR:us LObbIa. Chl1stopher loci< 
I'ItOTCKIItAI'IIIJIS: DavId COO. Jason Curran. Sldart Deb. Saul Levtne . Chuck 
f'lCUyen. Denny Ruspinl • 
COPY ItIADIIII: MlCIIelleCh!an&. AIOn Miller. Je .... Sprln ..... MaI-lan Tom .... 
YYNT: Tim Un 
IDITOIIIAL AlllSTAII1': Brian K. Hutto 
ADVIImItItI AllllTAII1': Till Eoll 
CIRCUlAtION MIlITANTS: GIlle AaUllre. GioYannl CMIettO. CraiC Stolde 

108 DeANDR£A, Business ~ 
.atAEL FOULU, AdvertisIrW At.",., 
•• ~ AtMftISlrw ~ 

I. LIIIH HINRY. Cleulfied ~1ItIYe 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKN~.J..:Usoclate Graphics Editor 
MIQUB. BUCtwtl't'lEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

UNIOIt ITN'F WIm'DI: Jenny Gal.".. Dan Krauu, Maw- RollInSon. Brett 
RIIYne. MIchMI Schwartz. SheIyt - EdItorIII: 534-6680. IIuIIneM 0tIIce: 534-34e8, Fu: 534-7691 

UCSD GuardIn, 9500 Gilman DIM 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

..... ..,.., E ... C-. TerlI DuaJn. Albert GIrtIeIdI. ~~. 
a.y ~ Met .... JIcoIlI. GIwe.Jol1Moo, RocIIrIcI< Lee. WIndy McNeIl. n-. 
Moen, Me PM. Jonne "-. PeuI PIIIIIpa. 1ef1 ~. Ely......,.. \llM'RIdIey. 

~s.ut. RIIu s..ne. \InIe SIeeI. AleUJ. S/IIrmen. Knn S!JiIIeI. GftIpy ___ 
_ CONIULTAII1': ~ Collier 

_~: _Floor. ucso _ce....-. 'A' 

Thursday, May 27, 1993 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Revelle Dean Mort Retires After 27 Years A.S. MEETING NOTES 
DEPAR'lURE: Adminis-
trator will be remembered 
as counselor, mediator 
By ErIc Schmidt 

Senior Staff Writer 
In the late '60s, UCSD seeped 

with rage and idealism that led to 
student walkouts, building take-
overs, bomb threats and suicide. 
Through it all, Ernie Mort coun-
seled students and tried to maintain 
the precarious balance between pro-
testors and the administration. 

c.., ~ Coop member Chloe Burke expressed optimism about 
the reopened co-op negotiations at last night's meeting. "[The negotioations 
have) been going very, very well,· she said. She urged the A.S. to "take 
whatever actions necessary to ratify a document for this agreement. " Burke 
and A.S. President Carla Tesak announced to council that the administra-
tion is planning to send out eviction notices to the co-ops next Tuesday if 
no agreement is reached. Later, in Council Caucus, Tesak called for a 
special meeting this Friday to submit a final agreement between the GSA, 
A.S., and co-ops to be approved by council. 

Revelle College Dean Mort, who 
retires this 1 une after 27 years at 
UCSD, has seen the university 
through its infancy in the '60s into 
the bustling 18,OOO-student campus 
it is today. He said that, although the 
circumstances change, the basic is-
sues affecting students continually 

Revelle CoIIeCe Dean ErnIe Mort In the ofIce he wII YaCate next 
month after 27 years at UCSO. 

M.... AIIoc8tIati. Commissioner of Communications Bik-Na Park 
submitted the Media Budget for 1993-94 to be approved by the council. new 
indicator collective member Ely Rabani spoke in opposition to the proposed 
cuts. "This budget as proposed does contain cuts to established media and 
allocations to new media,· he said, adding that he percieved the action to 
be a violation fo the First Amendment. Tesak was one of several council 
members who challanged his claim, saying, "This Rrst Amendment issue 
is completely farfetched: Park added, "We are not making these cuts 
viciously; we're saying that we [the A.S.) should not be the only funding 
source for alternative media .. .. Work for ads, work for funds if you want to 
remain consistent.· 

reemerge. 
"It's almost like a carousel of 

issues. The same things keep com-
ing aroundoverandover," said Mort, 
who was recruited to UCSD as a 
Catholic priest in 1966 before being 
hired as a staff member. 

Today, the issue Mort said 
troubles students most is the uncer-
tain economy. Revelle Provost Tom 
Bond, one of Mort's long-time col-
leagues, agreed, saying that fee in-
creases, coupled with a fluctuating 
job market, have led to anxiety over 
jobs and mid-college career choice 
crises. 

Mort now counsels students on 
job-related issues. He attributes his 
skills to the experience he gained 
while training to be a Catholic priest 
during the Vietnam era. 

Mort said his proudest moment 
during the era came shortly afterthe 
UC Berkeley People's Park inci-
dent, when students were threaten-
ing to shut down UCSD. Approxi-
mately 500 students met in the gym-
nasium to choose a course of action. 

"I had to go up and speak - I 
remember my knees were shaking 
at the time - and pleaded [that] we 
have a dialogue," Mort said. He 
asked that the students walk in to 
Revelle Plaza to talk out issues with 
faculty and administrators. 

"I was scaned 10 death. I didn't 
know whether students would throw 
rocks or what," added Mort, whose 
speech inspired a three-hour dia-
logue in the plaza_ The issues were 
r'esolved peacefully in what Mort 
described as a great moment. 

The Vietnam War also brought 
pain to the UCSD campus_ As 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Cosla Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-t-UCSD 

a! 
L_ JolI_ VIII_,_ Dr . 

I 
': .. 1 Dr . 

UTe 
II 

z_® I J ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEll GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I i III Full Service $ 99 i 
: ~~~~~ P!l !~!! 3,...~ : 
I C \ R W"SII Not VIIId with any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I ExpinlS 7"2193 

~----------------- ______ I 

Revelle resident dean in 1970, Mort 
heard screams in the plaza from his 
apartment at the top of Blake Hall. 

When he ran outside, he was 
shocked to see one of his students 
fatally burned after soaking himself 
in gasoline and lighting himself on 
fire in protest of the war. 

According to Mort, the death 
"made the campus heartsick," and 
he took time to counsel troubled 
students. In a recent interview, he 
was still visibly shaken while recall-
ing the incident. 

Despite the pain and fear on the 
UCSD campus at that time, Mort 
said he maintained a belief in dia-
logue between parties. "You can't 
just do nothing. You have to get 
people talking or you run the danger 
ofsloganeering and forming sides," 
he said. 

See MORT, Page 8 

UCAi ~ A.S. Representative to the University Centers Advisory 
Board Mike Holmes said that the UCAB is currently deciding whether or not 
to pursue legal action against former University Center Board-Chair Chris 
Burnett over the case he filed against members of the university adminis-
tration last November. Though the board is undecided, Holmes submitted 
a letter in which declared himself to be strongly against any such legal 
action. "Tom Tucker stated that if the $2,500 legal matter against Bumett 
does not occur or fails, the university administration will be looking to the 
UCAB for repayment of the $38,000 spent by the university in the Bumett 
v. Board of Regents suit, " Holmes wrote. Tesak said that she thought it was 
"morally wrong" for the administration to sue a student with student 
monies. "This is a case that did not just deal with student affairs on this 
campus, but also with regental policy: she said. "BaSically, whatever they 
want to do, they should pay for it themselves: she added. 

AppoInbHnta-
-Alan Shapiro as Publicity Director for ASUCSD Programming Office 
-Jessica Nathanson as Event Coordinator for ASUCSD Programming OffICe 
-Simran Baidwan as Assistant Student Advocate 
-Mick Morell as Assistant Student Advocate 
-Ricardo Mancho as Judicial Board Chair 
-Wallace Lockwood as Director of Development 
-David Valentine, Paul Eykamp, and Cecilia Lucero to the Compensation 
Review Board 

- CompIled by ElaIne Camueo, Staff Writer 

Apparel Zone Outlet 

Pre-Summer Sale 

All the names you know, 
at unbelievable prices" 

sosu 
6643 0 (ajon Ilwi. 

~310 

Tonk Tops Regulorly$14.99, Now $6.99 or 2for$10 
Jeons Regulorly $38, Now $14.99 or 2 for $20. 

Shorts -Buy 1, get the second pair at 1/2 off 
(equal or lesser value). 

Nome Brand knit tops - $7.9901 2for $12 

Pao:iIi<W 
'3 I Gom,IA ... 

413-5150 



4 OPINION 

EDlTORIAIB 
Editorial BoanI 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMtDT. Manallna Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

n. UCSD _10 pubIWIod twice • _It tho ~ d CoIiIomIo. Son '*Ia. ConIIInts 
C1983. VIews __ ...... ~ 1IIe1Tllljoftlr "* altho_ boIRI. end lie not 

~riIy !hoM altho uc _ aI R...,II. tho ASUCSO. _tho -.. GooIdIM ataII. 

The University ofCa1ifomia faces a troubling dilemma- it desper-
ately needs to expand to meet the needs of the state, and yet, it doesn't 
havetheresources to do so. A 1988 long-range planprojectedthat63,(XX) 
additional students would be enrolled in the UC system by the year 2005 , 
an increase that cannot be met without adding more campuses to the 
university. 

But at the same time that expansion is needed, the UC system is 
getting an increasingly smaller slice of the state budget pie- the budget 
proposal for the UC this year is nearly $1 billion short of what the 
university's long-range plans call for. Given these dire circumstances, it 
comes as no surprise that the Board of Regents voted last week to 
suspend the search for a lOOt campus site in the San Joaquin Valley. 

The regents can't be faulted fortheirdecision-thechoice was made 
for them long ago by a short-sighted governor and an indifferent 
legislature. The university simply doesn't have the money to continue 
with its plans. And this is absolutely frightening. 

Nevenheless, it says a lot about the stare of public higher education 
when theregents areforcOO to make adecisionthatwill negarivelyimpact 
future generations of students as well as an entire region of California. 
Regent Leo S. Kolligan is absolutely correct when he called the decision 
"a sad day for the state of California and public education that we had to 
stop this process." 

"We didn't want to give anybody false expectations because we have 
no expectations," UC President JackPeltason said, when explaining the 
regents' decision. Peltason' s announcement has chilling implicarions-
UCadministrators have no idea when or if this budget crisis will end, and 
they're rapidly rwming out of ways to stop the bleeding. 

Perhaps the decision to Shelve the 10th UC campus will send a 
message to Gov .Pete Wilson and the Legis1ature. The UC system can no 
longer withstand massive hits to the budget, certainly not the $225 
million that the Assembly is considering slashing in addition to the $135 
million that Wilson proposed in Januruy. If legislators do not get the 
message, then suspending plans for a potential campus will only be the 
beginning - soon the campuses already in existence may become an 
endangered species. 

uttle Refonll Offered in Board 
Of Regents Alltendments 

With two constitutional amendments passed by the State Assem-
bly Comminee on Higher Education last week, the move for 
reforming the UC Board of Regents is picking up speed - or so it 
would appear. These amendments , which must pass through at least 
three more committees and receive a two-thirds majority in both 
houses of the legislature before they are put before California voters, 
are being hailed as the opening shot in the ballie to make the regents 
more accountable. 

The two amendments go to different lengths to achieve the 
admirable goal of reforming the regents. Assembly Constitutional 
Amendment (ACA) 20, sponsored by the University of California 
Student Association, pulls out all the stops. It calls for redistributing 
regental appointments to divide up appointments equally among the 
Assembly, Senate and governor. A voting student regent would be 
added, the UC president would no longer have voting status and 
regent tenns would be shortened to eight years instead of 12. 
Furthermore, an independent committee consisting of students, 
faculty and administrators will now approve appointments. 

The other bill, ACA I I, has a more narrow scope. The amend-
ment would reduce aJ I regent terms to six years, with both the Senate 
and Assembly confmning appointments. The governor would still 
make all 18 regental appointments. 

It would be nice to believe that either of these amendments will 
be the panacea for the many ills that face the University of California. 
Unfortunately, that's not likely to be the case. ACA II lacks the teeth 
to make any serious attempt to reform the board. Tenn length isn't 
the problem. The problem is the appointment process. 

Although it makes more of an effort to refonn the board, ACA 20 
falls short as well. Redisnibuting the number of appointments 
among the governor and the legislature only means that now hacks, 
fat cats and patrons of both political parties will get appointed. The 
problem with regental appointments - that they've become gifts to 
wealthy campaign contributors - isn't even addressed by ACA 20. 
Future efforts at regent refonn must tackle this thorny problem. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 27, 1993 

PINION 
SPONG 

17HATIREALLYLEARNED 
17ASN'T DURING LECTURE 

co.wJLHTARY: 'The sagest wonts of wisdom cannot always be found in 
textbooks and course readers - and probably not even in newspaper colwnns 

BEN 

BOm 

It's over. For many of us, four humor about it. 
years of toil and trouble have come When we speak of bitter youth, we envision flannel-
to an end almost as quickly as they wearing mall rats with bad haircuts. This could not be 
began. I will not be joining many further from the truth. Such young people are lazy, and 
of my friends and .colleagues in a above all, stupid. They are would-be nihilists who 
few weeks as they make their long don't know what nihilism is, much less how to spell it. 
march and receive their $50,000 When someone says the word "bitter" within earshot of 
pieces of parchment. Believe me, I me, it is generally in reference to my cynical demeanor. 
wish I were. But, I still have some A friend and former roommate of mine would toss it 
unfinished business to attend to- frequently my way. and a good laugh was had by all. 
a little matter of physics and But increasingly I have come to realize that the word 
biology. "bitter" is being misused. Am I bitter? Yes, I suppose 

Traditionally, a student is given I am. If to be bitter means to wage a futile and losing 
the oppoltunity to address his or battle against the legions of jackasses and idiots who 
her peers during the ••• populate this God-forsaken rock, then I 

commencement exercises. In my am guilty as charged. If it means I take 
experience, such occasions are usually pleasure in smashing the glass idols of 
banal affairs. And since I possess the the shiny-happy people, and take comfort 
power of the pen - or, the institutional in the sound of wind-swept rain pounding 
legitimacy o/the press, to borrow from against my door, thenIam the most bitter 
my Communication friends - I will use What hay. I man alive. 
this opportunity to ascend my bully pulpit Bitterness, as usedormisused casually 
a final time and give what my idea of a I............... by my contemporaries, is generally seen 
commencement address should be. th ••• four as a negative thing. Insofar as bitterness 

My fellow students, esteemed faculty, years fJI tends to arise out of a savage and 
most honored guests-and, oh yes, you masochistic quest for honor and the 
administrativefellows,listenupandlisten col.... destruction of myths and lies, then I 
good. I come not to praise the class of "education?" suppose it would be hard to classify it as 
1993, but to bury it. Today is the first day c.tIIn.L'I not anything but unpleasant. What have I 
of the rest of your long and tiresome lives. learned during these four years of college 
Remember your days here well. You'll derivatives... "education?" Certainly not derivatives 
miss them soon enough. .......... and standard deviations or redox 

'These are dog days in which we live. deviations. equations and atomic structures. Those 
Our generation - Generation X, they things faded from my memory the 
call us - has a long haul ahead of it. We 1hoee till.... moment I set down my pen and handed 
have to clean up our parents' messes. faded fI'onIlII'/ in my final examination. 
There will most likely be no BMWs for I love the concept of science, but I 
us, or so they say. I'll certainly give it my nanory the loathe the busy work and the theoretical 
best shot, but if I fail. no harm no foul. IIIOII...t I set meanderings of its pale-skinned paladins, 

The pundits and ad men call us bitter down 111'/ pen. its knights in shining lab coats. They 
and apathetic. Maybe we are. Bitterness haveJessunderstandingofthereal world 
is little more than fatalistic megalomania. ............. In than their adventures into it through 
It is the deep, dark feeling that, if there is 111'/ final experimentation and incantation would 
any justice in this world, everyone will be eX8ll1llIllllori. have them believe. But what about the 
working for you someday, fOllowed by disciplines closer to my hea"? 
the cold realization that there is no justice, that you will Humanities. political science, philosophy ... those are 
be lucky to make middle management, and that your the inteJlectuairealms in which Ifeelmostcomfonable, 
talents will by misused and abused by inferior and most at home. And yet they are more theoreticaI than 
humorless men. At least we're keeping a sense of See IIIGHTI, Pace 7 

Thursday, May 27, 1993 

A REPORT 
CARD FOR 
THE FIRST 
100 DAYS 
COMMENTARY: President 
Clinton deserves praise, not 
scorn, for his policy initiative 
By Ben lavine 
Associate Opinion Editor 

The first 100 days of the Clinton Administra-
tion have received an unusual amount of atten-
tion and scrutiny when compared to previous 
administrations. Not in a long time has a presi-
dent faced so many expectations and pressures 
in such a short tenure. The basic verdict is that 
mo t policy experts and commentators have 
given the first 100 days a thumbs down in 
perfonnance on domestic issues and Clinton's 
leadership, mostly with the military but also 
within his own administration. Clinton's lead-
ership in foreign matters remains suspect as the 
world awaits the aftennath of the Bosnian con-
flict. ' 

It seems there is a bandwagon trend among 
the American public to harangue Clinton's per-
formance. Some have complained about 
Clinton's stimulus package as a throwback to 
the old pork barrel, tax-and-spend liberalism 
that Americans rejected over a decade ago. 

His persistent efforts to integrate gays and 
women into the military have faced not only 
fierce opposition from military ranks but also 
from large segments of the American public and 
even mem bers of his own party. Many criticize 
the United States hesitation in the Bosnian con-
flict while endless images of tortured Bosnian 
Muslims haunt our conscience, but few support 
military intervention. All these problems com-
bined with a faltering economy that can't decide 
if it's recovering or not are testing the presiden-
tial resolve of Bill Clinton. 

The first 100 days of the Clinton Administra-
tion do not deserve the harsh remarks that 
they've been pummeled with during the last few 
weeks. This administration is doing more for 
America than any other administration that could 
be in office right now. During the 1993 cam-
paign, America needed a president who not only 
stood for genuine change but also possessed the 
necessary political clout and skills to break up 
the gridlock on Capitol Hill. 

Although Clinton doesn't deserve an 'A+' 
on his policy perfonnance, he certainly doesn't 
deserve the 'F' as most of his critics have 
derided him with, the reason being that Clinton 
is at least putting in a maximum amount of effort 
trying to address and solve problems that have 
constantly been shunned by government in the 
last decade. The effort and leadership used to 
tackle these pressing problems not only cast 
these first 100 days under a different perspec-
tive, but they also allow us to ponder the ques-
tionable degree of effort and successful perfor-

, mance under a Bush or Perot administration. 
Budget Director Leon Panetta was praised 

for telling the much-sought after truth about an 
administration.' s perfonnance when he revealed 
that several Clinton initiatives were not only 
starting to lose their support in Congress, but 
also in their own primary intentions. Panena 
complained that Clinton was trying to accom-
plish too much in too little time; therefore, he 
publicly revealed a political strategic plan on 
how Clinton should pace out health care refonn 
and the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
Clinton aides immediately attempted to taper 
off Panetta's remarks, but it would do Clinton 
well to heed some of this advice. He could 
ultimately be jeopardizing the issues he cares 
about most if he doesn't use some caution and 
lessen his ideal resolve. 

But the one. thing Clinton can 't be criticized 
for was the electoral factor that ultimately de-
cided his victory. Voters turned their backs on 

See CUNTON, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

cor.atEN'I'ARY: As the end of four years at this Wliversity draws closer, it's time to 
reflect on the foolishness of the AS. and the ridiculous antics of the campus left 

A FOND FAREWELL TO IDIOCY 

MATT 

ROBInson 

Four years have 
passed, and the end 
draws nigh. And if I am 
to believe the television 
ads forClasso!'96,col-
lege is where you are 
truly born. If that is re-
ally the case, it is a pity. 
Four years at UCSD 
have yielded a number 
of benefits, but as far as 
birth places I think I 
would rather pass. In 
fact, only if one preferred 
to be born into a cold, 

concrete basement and left alone would one 
want to be "born" at UCSD. 

I have found in my four years at UCSD a 
few unwavering constants which are most 
responsible for the low level of the community 
of higher education on this campus. It is a fact 
that one may be educated very well at UCSD, 
but as far as liberal education and interaction 
with other students, this university rates poorly. 

The humanities and community are - as I 
have said in other columns - the hallmark 
and foundation of true liberal education. Noth-
ing learned in the classroom is worth a UCSD 
tree if it is not applicable outside the lecture 
hall or reinforced by conversation with other 
students. Two major forces, over which stu-
dents should have some come control, have 
contributed to this wretched state of affairs, 
thus becoming constants. 

The first unwavering constant is that the 
Associated Student government is composed 
of the most useless band of fools elected at 

I would gu_ most students 
at this point look at .., 
.tic .. featuring the u. 
... say, "Am I happy today? 
Do I w..t to weep at the 
latest wretched poiltlcai 
wnmgIlng?" If the .. w. is 
yes, then they r ... the A.S. 
foI .... on page 0118. 
Otherwise, students just tllp 
to calvin and Hobbes on 
page two. 
UCSD. I have seen them do nothing substan-
tial while I have been here. Even as a writer for 
the paper, I find that I loathe even reading 
about the latest moronic or ham-fisted debate 
about procedures. 

Every year the A.S. self-righteously utters 
the same tired, flaccid, lukewann promises, 
and every year they have delivered the same 
tired, flaccid, lukewann results. How many 
times have I opened the Guardian to see a 
debate about the breach of this rule or the 
transgression of that statute? 

The funniest scene in the whole unseemly 
charade is how these people surpass them-

selves every year. I thought that last year's 
charge by presidential candidate Ruben Dunin 
that ~is competitor Mike Holmes was guiltyof 
election fraud or some such nonsense could 
not be outdone. It was the A.S. again practic-
ing to become as useless, elitist and egotistical 
as the Barbara Boxers and Diane Feinsteins of 
the world. Oh, how it makes me look forward 
to the future. 

But the A.S. did outdo itself. Some 
Randolph guy came off the street and ran for 
office. And we are still dealing with the fall-
out. I would guess most students at this point 
look at any article featuring the A.S. and say, 
"Am I happy today? Do I want to weep at the 
latest wretched political wrangling?" If the 
answer is yes, then they read the A.S. follies on 
page one. Otherwise, studentsjustflip to Calvin 
and Hobbes on page two. 

In all fairness, however, this year could 
have been better had Mike Holmes been able 
to deal with something besides the co-ops and 
the petty. sophistical points they continue to 
demand And this leads me to unwavering 
constant number two: the co-ops. The co-ops 
are a definite part of my education at UCSD. 
They and the rest of the campus left which 
form the alliance of the radical and discon-
tented have burned into my mind one axiom 
about the left: in general, they are toddlers. 
Every rally I have attended, every protest I 
have seen has been characterized by what P.J. 
0' Rourke calls the toddlerism of the Ameri-
can left. 

I will conveniently sum it up. Society owes 
them everything. They have a right to educa-

See UCSD, Page 6 

EXPLAINING THE REASONS FOR CAMPUS APATHY 
Editor: 

Why are students ofUCSD apathetic? Some 
characterize our generation as one of apathy. 
That we lack the ability to mobilize to fight for 
what we, as a collective society, may believe. 
Some may argue this; however, there is evi-
dence to the contrary. The Persian Gulf War 
served to contradict this argument. Students 
mobilized like never before for ajust cause in 
opposition to the war. 

There is a significant level of apathy on our 
campus as illustrated by the article "Plummet-
ing Voter Turnout Draws Concern" (April 19) 
in the Guardian. For the A.S. elections, voter 
turnout was a low of five percent of the under-
graduate student body. Why? The answer is 
apathy. Although there is no research to sup-
port such a theory, I believe that apathy is due 
to the cost of obtaining a higher education. 

There are two aspects of this apathy. The 
ftrst deals with the privatization of the UC 
system. Wealthier families ftnd private insti-
tutions too costly compared to the cost of a UC 
education. Thus, students who nonnally at-
tend those private schools are integrating into 
the public education system. 

The Sacramento Bee printed a story en-
titled "Rising Fees Close Doors to UC, CSU" 
(Feb. 2, 1992). In the article, the paper re-
potted that the Postsecondary Education Com-
mission found that from 1982 to 1988 enroll-
ment of students with families whose incomes 
ranged from $30,000 to $45,000 per year 
dropped by 20 percent. This occurred while at 
the same time student whose families aver-
aged over $75,000 per year increased by 64 
percent. 

Students who would nonnally attend pri-
vate opt to come here because relatively speak-
ing, UCSDischeaper. With gradual and some-
times drastic fee increases over the last de-
cade, students who depend on financial aid -
those who come from a lower economic strata 
and which public education is geared toward 
- are squeezed from the public education 
system, thereby privatizing UCSI;). 

READERS' 

FORUM 
TIle GuartlIan we/cIlmes leiters ItDm ts 1NI1ets. All leiters 
mustbeno/otWf!rtfJMtfIme~. I)ped.doub/&sp8cedttnd 
sifrIed. lie _ the rflht to d for /erwth WId cWItY. 
Letters may be droppeC1 0" at the GuaRlIan otIIce on the 
second IIoor of the old Student Center or sent by mall. Send 
all letters to: 

The Guardian 
0p/nbI EtlIrDt 

9500 Giknan Dr: 0316 
La JoIa. C4 92093{)316 

Because financial aid is not so critical to 
this wealthier strata of students, they lack the 
incentives to strive for reasonable tuition costs. 
The additional costs are simply passed onto 
the parents. Because the parents are 
"wealthier," the opportunity cost of support-
ing their child's education is still relatively 
low in the face of rising costs relative to private 
institutions. With parents being disconnected 
from the campus and with the comparatively 
low cost of education, apathy persists among 
these students. As a result, general apathy 
reigns over our campus. This is only half the 
equation though. This would apply to those 
students whose parents pay for their educa-
tion. 

Not only are students who normally need 
financial aid being squeezed out of the public 
education system, but they are being deprived 
of the full educational experience with the 
weight of costs in achieving a higher educa-
tion. Apathy among these students who are 
still able to attend public schools appear when 
the opportunity of broadening their UCSD 

experience becomes too great. 
Concerns shift from external activities like 

council boards and the A.S. to concerns over 
income through working longer hours and 
concentrating on completing their education 
quicker so as to not accrue a burdensome debt 
to be repaid after graduation. So those students 
oflower economic strata are finding it difficult 
to justify participation in the full educational 
experience due to the undue financial burden 
of a public education. As a result, apathy is 
becoming the nonn within this potentially 
active strata of students. 

What are the implications of this? First, the 
inability of students to work to obtain afford-
able or fair tuition costs. The continued in-
crease in fees continues to apply the above 
mentioned pressures making mobilization of 
students even more difficult Second, in the 
extreme, this is the way that certain people can 
work to maintain control over student by keep-
ing them down, making students concerned 
with mere survival enabling them to work 
toward quality of environment. 

Third, the class gap is perpetuated due to a 
decrease in opportunities afforded those of a 
lower economic strata. Those students have 
the desire to better themselves but continue to 
lack the tools to achieve those goals. Lastly, 

. decline in the future economic base results, in 
an era when intellectual property is becoming 
increasingly more important, in an intema-
tionally-competitivemarketplace. The United 
States will decline in competitiveness with the 
lack of sound educational policies. 

This leiter is not a theory but specUlation 
behind the increase of apathy among students 
at UCSD as well as other campuses. What this 
letter should do is get one to seriously think 
about the direction of our public school system 
in particular and the direction of the state and 
the nation in general. There needs to be serious 
research into the reasons of apathy and subse-
quent tools developed to solve this important 
problem. 

David Westphal 



6 OPINION 

UCSD: Anot-so-
fond farewell to the 
ridiculous antics of the 
A.S. and the campus left 
ContInued from ..... 5 
tion. They have a riglll to get us out of 
Iraq. They have a riglll to abonion on 
demand while the taxpayer pays for 
it. They have a rightto have an imme-
diate utopia where there is no suffer-
ing and no injustice. H Dot, they will 
show their open minds by burning 
your flags and your cities. 

Of course, for those outside the 
co-op cliques, this is not informed, 
respectful dialogue. This is a temper-
tantrum. One of the constants of the 
UCSD political protest world is the 
toddler's paranoid ''they're all after 
me" mentality. It's either the regents, 
racism, sexism or just the capitalist 
System - take your pick. Whatever 
the complaint is, the theory behind itis 
always something big and simple. 

Any student can go to a UCSD 
rally and see the one-way slinging of 
opinions and slogans. These rallies 
are aimed at emotion and not discus-
sion, they seek to inflame and foster 
the rage of the self-righteous. I re-
member with particular fondness the 
prole ts in favor of education as a 

right at tbe undergradU8lelibrary. The 
protestors camped oul, sang and raged 
forth for the cameras, but thanks to 
the Philosophy Department, the hard 
worldofpnxestingwassoftened when 
the System ran extension cords down 
to the camp to power those down-
home comforts. 

At no rally I have seen was it ever 
considered that other Americans have 
the same hopes and desires for a better 
world but a different opinion about 
how to get there. It is always a focus 
on feelings of rage and anger. Us vs. 
Them. 

There is always a demand for some 
governmental panacea or revolution-
ary restructuring and it should have 
been instituted 10 minutes ago. 1 have 
become so tired of the self-righteous 
Cl)' of these perpetually rage-filled 
victims of the System. 

Subtlety of thought or the blasphe-
mous contradiction of UCSD' s rally-
speak qualifies one for 'the title of 
racist, sexist or just general cultural 
Neanderthal. Indeed, there is no such 
thing as free speech in the leftist lexi-
con -except when it applies to them. 

Examples abound at UCSD. A 
year ago, an Objectivist Study Group 
speakerwas vilified and shouted down 
for his criticism of multiculturalism. 
Radical students yelled, "Sieg. H eil'" 

The UCSD Guardian 

while the worst actions were taken by 
a UCSD professor who lead loud 
shouting attacks and disruptive tac-
tics. . 

Not even three weeks ago, pro-life 
advertising inserts were removed from 
the Guardian by the politically pure 
of UCSD. And California R~iew 
posters are ripped down or vandal-
ized evel)' time they go up - by 
those who are lovers of free speech. 
Yes, one of the unwavering constants 
of UCSD is the selftsh and self-righ-
teous world of the left. 

But this perpetual emphasis on 
conspiratorial regents and racist wolf 
calls has ruined UCSD. Students have 
lost all credibility because evel)' pro-
test of administrative action inexora-
bly develops into a radical love-in. 
What was legitimate descends into 
absurdity. Coupled with the incom-
petence of the A.S., UCSD students 
are naked in the face of the research 
juggernaut. 

After iflterviewing many students 
in informal conversation, the general 
feeling is one of indifference. Certain 
aspects ofUCSD,Iike its location, the 
professors and bright fellow students 
are redeeming qualities. But for most 
of us, UCSD was vel)' rewarding in 
the classroom but devoid of the true 
university atmosphere once outside. 

CLINTON: The 
verdict should be tied to 
the effort he's made 
ContInued from .... I 
George Bush because they felt he had 
turned his back on them. It wasn't 
Bush's performance on domestic is-
sues that cost him his job, but his lack 
of performance and initiative. 

Clinton has made repeated at-
tempts to compare his hundred-day 
campaign with that of Franklin 
Roosevelt. The one comparison that 
can be made between Roosevelt and 
Clinton is the fact that America per-

cC~ived them both as actually doing 
something - anything .- for the 
nation in the wake of a lack of effort 
by previous Republican administra-
tions. It didn't matter to Roosevelt 
whether New Deal policies actually 
worked or not. His popularity re-
mained as his hard work and effort 
were revered by the American public. 

Although Clinton didn'l accom-
plish much in his flTSt 100 days, four 
years from now he should have ac-
complished a lot. No matter what his 
health care reform will look like, 
America will always credil his ad-
ministration as the firsl to tackle this 
enormous problem. Health care costs 

(We did. Costa Verde Center.) 
[!] osta Verde Center nas all of the 
tnings you need to make college life a 
little easier. Witn convenient services, 
snops and great restaurants all in one 
location. Since Costa Verde Center is 
conveniently located in tne Golden 
Triangle, you can stop by and never 
nove to miss a class ( Bummer! ) 
Catcn a quick r-.--.---,--.....--, 
bite. to eat 
at Subway, 
La Salsa or 
McDonald's. 
Or enjoy a 
leisurely capuccino at Java House. 
Snop for munchies at Big Bear or 
pick-up that hard to find geology book 
at Bookstar. There's no need to drive 
all over town. Discover Costa Verde 
center. And never have to pay a 
ransom for convenience again. 

s~ 
Big Bear 

Aesop's Tables 
Allie's 
Chang 
Java House 
La Salsa 
McDonald's 
Pizza Novo COMING SOON 
Soup exchange 
Subway Sandwiches 

SPECIAL TV SHOPS 
~ 

Blockbuster Video"nU,lplII 
Books tar 
Busybody 
Diva Flowers &. Gifts 
Dow StereoNideo 

Paper Trends 
Pier 1 Imports 

FASHION STORES 
~ 

A Nite On The Town 
Distinctions In,vl"Ai" 
Gingiss F ormalwear 
Men's Wearhouse 

SERVICES 
~ 

Computerized Cobbler 
Costa Verde Car Wash 
Costa Verde Dentistry 'II,ISII.IU" 
Fox Photo 
HomeF ed Bank 
Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center 
La Jolla Cleaners 
The Classical eye 
United Airlines City Ticket Office . 
U.S. Postal Store 
We Care Hair 

~ ~COSTA VERDE 
At Th. Corn.r Of G.n .... & LI Jolla Villag. Drlv., Fr .. Convenl.nt Underground Garag. Parking, 458·9270 

Thunday, May 27,1993 

account for seven percent of ourGross 
Domestic Product and are marked by 
increasing bureaucratic overruns and 
burdens that the private sector no 
longer wants to handle on its own. 

The deficit is another pressing 
problem that Clinton is at least ad-
dressing. Although the ilI-fatedstimu-
Ius package did not reflect his resolve 
to reduce the defICit, Clinton knows 
that a recurring deficit will ultimately 
damage America.'screditratings,cost-
ing America in the form of less output 
devoted to real needs and producing 
higher interest rates. 

Clinton possesses the most politi-
cal cioul and initiative of either of the 
other two 1992 candidates. Hardly 
anyone would believe that George 
Bush would have accomplished the 
same solutions or even attempted to 
tackle the same problems facing 
Clinton. 

Bush's term was marked by 
gridlock and a decaying, bickering 
administration where top officials 
were investigating and indicting each 
other. With an increasingly hostile 
Democratic Congress and a desertion 
by his fellow conservatives, Bush's 
proposed "economic czar" to head his 
economic agenda wouldn't have even 
driven a budget resolution through 
the Appropriations Comm inee. Heallh 
care and the deficit would have been 
put on another four-year hiatus. 

The major problem with Bush had 
been, ironically, the same factor that 
got him into the White House in 1988. 
The Republicans didn't want a new 
agenda, but a continuation of the old 
Reagan legacy. Bush basically ran as 
a Reagan retread. 

The American voters weren't dis-
illusioned with Bush, but with the 
same Reagan agenda that didn 't seem 
to be working. They felt in the end 
that Bush couldn't redefine himself, 
and worse, he was perceived as not 
wanting to. They knew that a man 
with no initiative and no political 
clout would have accomplished noth-
ing. 

Ross Perot would have even less 
political clout, although he certainly 
had an ambitious agenda. His man-
date comes from a bunch of disen-
chanted,thoroughlydisgusted Ameri-
cans who equate politicians with last 
week's garbage. If Perot's policies 
were taken seriously by Congress, 
America would have been more iso-
lationist than pre-World War n, and 
California would cease 10 function 
because of acrippling gas tax. Perot is 
currently performing as a political 
sideshow to distract the public's aI -
tention from Clinton 's agenda. 

Clinton is our president for the 
next four years. Whether you voted 
for him or not, you'll be living with 
new health care reform and a reduced 
deficit. Many people are already dis-
missing Clinton based on this 100-
day performance. BUlthe real verdict 
should be tied to his effort on this 
performance. On this he deserves an 
• A' (although overachievement does 
have its drawbacks). Wait four years 
to reach a verdict, not just 100 days. 

of!1 EItel 

Thureday, May 27,1993 

LESSONS: No 
matter what, you 
can't have nice things 
ContInued from ,... 4 
the witchcraft of the men in white 
coats. 

I have gleaned much more 
intellectual satisfaction from these 
pursuits than my ventures into the 
"hard" sciences. and surely I have 
been exposed to much more in my 
political science and humanities 
courses than I would have ifIeft to 
my own initiative. 

But I cannot help but wonder just 
how much more. I would guess that 
I do much more reading outside of 
class than I do for class itself, and 
more of my opinions and beliefs 
have been challenged and fonned 
beneath a reading larnp or behind a 
restaurant table than in a lecture 
hall. 

What have I learned? Cliches and 
tired aphorisms, really, To begin, I 
have learned that a great mass of so-
called students don' t belong in the 
university . 

Education is a privilege and not a 
right, but, in fact, it has been twisted 
into a meanS of indoctrinating 
impressionable and somewhat dim-
willed young people into buying 
into a whole host of faddish 
buncombe and superstition. 

I have learned that free speech 
isn't free. I have learned that ideas 
have consequences, but nobody 
wants to pay. I have learned that 
some things are best left unsaid, and 
that the truth - that fantastic, 
fleeting spectre - does not always 
set you free. 

I have learned what it means to be 
politically correct and have chosen 
to be the opposite. I have learned 
that chivalry is dead, along with its 
brethren: honor, virtue and right and 
wrong. 

Indeed, I have learned that there 
is no such thing as right and wrong. 
It never existed, some say, although 
I've always taken the statement 
"there is no right or wrong answer" 
to mean that no one would mind in 
chose one or the other and presumed 
to say so. 

I learned that people would prefer 
not to be told how to think., but will 
happily tell you how to think. if you 
don't think. "correctly." Actually, 
people don' t want to be told how to 
think. responsibly, reasonably or 

I .... 1 ....... new. 
to bike • lady to • 
movie In which ...... 
Is decapIt.Med for • 
.......... Ihav. 
I ....... that WOlllM 
lke ....... tobe 
•• MItIve yet _ • ." 
Intelag.d yet stupid, 
p .. tIe but -0IIII-
.... th8t,.r. •• 
C8I tell, I ..... none of 
tib •••• lhav ... ...... 
what It Is to walk In 
the ....... Gf 
.... b •••• but never 
to Imow It II ........ 
- well, ...,.,. once 
or twice. 
clearly because they don't want 10 
be responsible, they disdain reason 
for compassion (so-called), and 
"feeling" and clarity only gets in the 
way of vision. I have learned that 
"no" means "no" all the time, but 
sometimes it means "maybe," and 
sometimes i~ means nothing at all. I 
have learned that common decency 
is ahatecrimeand common courtesy 
is passe. I have learned that we are 
all victims to one extent or another, 
but some of us are less victim and 
more oppressor. 

I have learned that education is a 
business. I have learned that 
friendship is fleeting. I have learned 
never to take a lady to a movie in 
which a man is decapitated fora first 
date. I have learned that women like 
men to be sensitive yet manly, 
intelligent yet stupid, gentle but 
strong - and that, as far as I can tell, 
I arn none of these. I have learned 
what it is to walk in the shadow of 
greatness but never to know it first-
hand - well, maybe once or twice. 
I have learned never to date people 
you work with, nor to live with 
them. 

I have learned that, no maner 
what, you can't have nice things. 

I have learned to keep track of the 
silverware, to wash my hands after 
using the restroom, and to never 
assume anything, but I still haven't 
learned to brush my teeth regularly 
and I never quite figured out how to 
ride a skateboard. 

I learned that if one drink.s a 

r-----G RAN D 0 PEN I N G 1-----, 
Costa rv'erde 'lJentistry 

"'- :$2900 ~ EXAM, 
"" CLEANING,. 

/ . X-RAYS (bitewing) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
... We're open evenings and weekends! 
... Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
... Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
... Special introductol)' offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
... 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
... Plenty offree parking! 

CALL US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Dr. 

8650 ~neIH Av •. , Suite 312 
We accept most lnIurance pions and motor credt cads 

The UCSD Guardian 

quantity ofliquor before a quantity 
of beer, he needn't fear sickness-
unless he really overconsumes. 
Conversely, I have learned (from 
first-hand experience, I am 
embarrassed to add) that if one drinks 
a quantity of beer before a quantity 
of liquor, he will never be sicker. 

I have learned that it doesn't pay 
to know what you're talking about, 
since seven-eighths of the world's 
population won't understand [You 
and won't care anyway. I have 
learned that the more you care about 
someone, the more likely they are to 
betray you. I have learned that all 
things good are not real, and if they 
are, they only happen tootherpeople. 

I have learned that the best 
government is the one which governs 
least. I have learned that politicians 
are swindlers, teachers are fools, 
and students are both, and more. I 
have learned to feel little more than 
contempt for my generation, and I 
often wake up in a cold sweat after 
dreaming about "the leaders of 
tomorrow." I have learned that 
humans are weak, that people have 
no will, that liberty is too great a 
resPonsibility to bear, and that the 
good of the many outweighs the 
good of the few. 

I have learned to hate the cities, 
despise the suburbs, and long forthe 
peace and solitude of the wilderness. 
I have learned to appreciate great 
minds wherever they might be 
found. I have learned that God has 
endowed evel)' one of his creations 
with a unique talent, and that his 
creations have done everything in 
their power to pound their 
uniqueness into something flat and 
dull. I have learned that if you want 
something done right, do it yourself. 
I have learned never to send a boy to 
do a man's job, 

I have learned that people will do 
anything for love - even kill. I 
have learned that evel)' man must 
know his limitations. I have learned 
that honesty is the best policy, no 
matter how much it hurts. I have 
learned that very few people have 
learned anything I have learned I 
have learned that, when push comes 
to shove, I have no one but myself to 
credit or to blame. 

And,aboveallelse.lhaveleamed 
that we reap what we sow. That, I 
must say, is the greatest lesson of all, 
one learned after 21 years of stupid 
mistakes. One I never learned from 
a book. 

OPINION 7 

What Hangs FOGr 
and Loves Wax? 

Sun, surf, sand, 
beach burgers, 

volleyball , 
blondes, and 
convertibles. 

What else is there? 
The Volkswagen Cabriolet Convertible is destined to 
be a classic. And after the '93 model year, they're 
gone forever. Comes Motors has seven '92 Cabs left at 
a very special price. All of them have aJloy wheels, 
leatherette interiors, and a Heidelburg FM cassette 
that'll blow your doors off. And with special no-down 
payment, low monthly payment, first-time buyer, and 
college grad 'programs, they're easily affordable. Test 
drive one today at San Diego's European Auto Center 
and register to win a ' 92 Cab in our June 30, 1993 
drawing.* 

Seethe 
All New 
Jettalll 
Today! 

Special 
VWLow 
Payment 

Plan! 

9010 Miramar Road 619/578-8600 1 Mile West of 1-15 

~utSD 
ALtATRAZ WANTS YOU ••• 
••• to lo~k Up flOU~ stull tritJa US: 

MUlt praeat od ror 
.lioeOUDt IDd truck ... 

We'll take care of all your storage and-moving needs ... 
-FREE use of moving truck 
-DISCOUNTS FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
-CLOSEST facility to campus 
-LOW LOW monthly rates 
-EASY to use, EASY to move 
tAU TO RESERVE A STORAGE SPAn; NO"! 

Al£llTUZ SELF STORAGE 
5206 Eastgate Mall, La Jolla, CA 92121 

452-1();:17 
.~ 

.1 
:1-105 -) 

1-5 ======:Ji 
~. UCSD 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

MORT: Revelle seladdictedstudents,inthe '6()sand .. [Mort] ..... "We talked with parents about 
College Dean to leave 

mo~ recently. priestly attitude. the issues, and they could see we Letters from alumni congratu- we~ not just soft-peddling it. We 
UCSD after 27 years lating Mort on his retirement attest He talked about how showed them that every student was 

his image as friend and surrogate much we needed not out throwing rocks," Mort said ContInued fnIm ..... 3 parent. Many students write that According to Bond, another ex-
lnaddition to setting up dialogues Mort's encouragement was instnJ- Just to talk to each ample of Mort's vision can be found 

and counseling students, Mort also mental in helping them find a job or other." in the campus shuttle system, which 
acted as a go-between for then- get into graduate school. Bond esti-

- wmaam McGIll, 
he advocated after deciding that the 

Chancellor William McGill Now a mates that Mort has written thou- parking shortage was unsolvable. 
UCSO emeritus professor of Psy- sands ofletters of recommendation. Former UCSD chancellor "When something isn't doable. 
chology and retired presiden·t ofCo- In addition, Mort has helped stu- State University, only 800 students [Mort] doesn't waste time," said 
lumbia University, McGill said Mort dents in more personal matters such lived on campus, Revelle was the Bond. 
helped keep order in Revelle. as deciding whether to complete only coUegeand the "mudhuts" were Bond said alcohol has been a 

"[Mort] had a priestly attitude. college, dealing with nosy parents the only dormitories. The only other recent area of contention. Just \0 
He talked about how much we and easing fears during orientation. buildings on campus were the older years ago, Thursday night dormi-
needed just to talk to each other." One alum wrote that when a mother Revelle structures, the Main Gym. tory study breaks regularly featured 
McGill said. "He dealt with me by attempted to look up her records, the Quonset Huts and the Matthews kegs. However, a series of accidents 
telling me all the things I wanted to "[Mort] handled her with such grace barracks. and property damage forced stu-
know and waming me how to stay and kindness she still thinks she had In additidn to functioning as a dents to adhere more strictly to the 
out of trouble, and he dealt with her way!" diplomat and counselor. Mort has law. 
students by listening to their prob- In the same way that Mort con- been instrumental in shaping To provide an alternative to al-
lems." tinues to work with students, he also UCSO's growth. For example, he cohol, Mort has advocated more 

McGill said there was heavy pres- serves as a diplomat for the admin- secured some of the new Matthews campus activities. Bond said. For 
sure from the San Diego commu- istration and student groups, most Apartments for Revelle students, example, Mort supported many of 
nity to keep order by force at UCSD. recently working with the co-op cri- Bond said. the clubs and the intramural sports 
"Ernie [Mort] didn' t do that. He sis. Bond said. In addition, Bond said that Mort program and continues to seek fur-
tried to understand and help [stu- Bond added that he has never set up a new student orientation ther student involvement. 
dents]." heard Mort raise his voice in anger. system which has been used as a Mort has also assisted student 

DuringhistenureatUCSD,Mort though Mort swears he has lost his model for other colleges. In 1969. leaders forrnore than 20 years, Bond 
has helped numerous students. temper a couple of times during the he initiated a parent orientation sys- said. 
McGill and Bond said Mort would last 24 years. tern to help offset the fear that the Mon noted that he strongly sup-
stay up all night to help students When Mort anived in 1966 as a UC was merely a revolutionary ports the college system, which he 
coming off bad drug trips and coun- campus minister from a large Ohio breeding ground. said perpetuates a small-campus. 

Save 100/0 on our 
vacation SI1Ots. 

Daytona Beach it ain't. But stopping at Shurgard on 
your way home this summer is a lot more fun than hauling 
your bundt cake pans and limegreen Barcalounger all over 
the country and back. Plus with the 10 percent student 
discount, you get to see for yourself how higher mathematics 
can indeed be applied to real life situations. 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

Thursday, May 27,1993 

"homey" feeling despite sprawling 
growth. "n's easy for undergradu-
ates to get the short end to research 
[in a big university]," he said. 

1be college system helps dimin-
ish the overpowering size of large 
universities, Mort said. adding that 
the students have shaped the system 
and made it work over the years. 

Mort said that the college system 
has permitted him to enjoy a close 
relationship with students .. 

Mort said that while he is deeply 
devoled 10 his faith, he keeps it 
competely separate from his cam-
pus duties. "At a public university, 
one must have great sensitivity. You 
have to appreciate all kinds of val-
ues at all different levels ... 

To separate religion from his 
working life. Mort has not acted as 
a minister in recent years. He said he 
finds the objective religious climate 
at UCSD very exciting. since issues 
can be discussed and values clari-
fied. 

Mort extended his interest in re-
ligious dialogue through involve-
ment with a lecture series and by 
helping to found the UCSD Jewish 
student assocation. whose first meet-
ings were held at Mort 's home. 

Retirement parties for Mort will 
beheidonJune4intheFacultyClub 
and on June 12 in the Price Center. 
His last duty as dean will involve 
leading out the graduating students, 
a role he has played for many years. 

Although Mort will complete his 
tenure with UCSO, he still plans to 
be involved with alumni and the 
campus. "I will continue to be of 
help, but 1 will let the next person 
who takes the position have a free 
hand." Mort said. 

Bond added that the next dean 
will be chosen by the Revelle 
Provost's Office staff before next 
year. "We've decided we cannot 
clone Ernie. but we're looking for 
someone with a hands-on approach 
to leadership." 

McGill said Mort was one of a 
handful of initial dreamers who 
nursed the UCSD campus from in-
fancy. "Ernie reflects some of the 
early spirit that remains but is in 
danger of dying as the dreamers 
disappear and are replaced by bu-
reaucrats." 

1993-94 
NEEDS 
LIST 

o Associate 
News/Features 
Editor 

Join the 
award-\Vinning 

tradition! 

Become an editor ror The 
UCSD Guardian next year. 

~ •• U c •• 
JARIIAN 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • MAY 27, 1993 

Dramatic FUmlDaking 

The Theatre de la 
leuneLunes 
production of 
"Children of 
Paradise: 
Shooting a 

Dream" shows the 
political nature of 

afarrwus 
Frenchfilm 

COIIIIIy 
DIr'ecW M.rceI Came cIreds • __ of his .... CMdten of ~.In .... n..tre 
de .. Jeune ......... 1ICCCUd of ........ ' ........ 1CtIan. 

}«F' NIBSBL 
Him", Editor A behind-the-scenes look at the dise: Shooting a Dream" highlights making of a famous French the social and political tensions that 

movie might not appear to be the most 
promising premise for a play. After 
all, how exciting could it be to watch 
overpaid actors and actresses bicker 
with one another while an egotistical 
director demands scenes be shot and 
reshot at a whim? 

But the Theatre de la Jeune Lune's 
perfonnance of "Children of Para-

surrounded the production of Marcel 
Came and Jacques Frevert's Chil-
dren of Paradise, which was filmed 
in Nazi-occupied France in 1943. The 
play, which is a mixture of history and 
fiction, blurs the distinction between 
art and everyday life to create a com-
plex but fascinating story. 

See PARADISE, pap H2 

TESTHMEIT ALBUM REYIEM:' DS DAICE COICERT PREYIEN: D6 



HlA111S 2 

·WES 

We'll ship it all to and from school. We'll pack it, 
crate it, carton it, and ship it anywhere in the world. 

I'AKftMIL. 
CENTERS OF AMERICA 

8895 Towne Centre Dr., Suite 105 
ill the RellllisSlIlICt TOlll/1 Centre, La lolla 
Phone 457·1555 Fax 457-8686 CIr. 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 

,rill 11DW ~~!'!:~ Ie 
1870.lra.,·I ... • 4 .. 14 

Air • Wlter Cooled • Maintenance SIrvIcee • AIr Condltloring • Turw-Ups 
Rebuilt EnP- • GIa • D ...... EIecIrk:8I • Clutc:he. • Brllka • Valv .. 

Locded In the Autopolt Mall • Miramar 
Nerl Doot to DiJcount r.e 

EXPtRES 6/15193 

700' MI1::ES 
':. 

ODDS 
bedbugs 

UCSD Price Center 
Monday. Friday f 0-5 
I~IIII'" -:t ~BEY ROAD Saturday f f -4 
lIa .~- DISTRIBUTION (619) 534-~733 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, May 27,1993 

PARADISE: Art and life reflect each other 
CanIInued from ..... HI 

However, because the play de-
picts scenes from the film that may 
not be familiar, it might be best to try 
to see the film before seeing the play. 

The film is set in France in 1828 
and involves a love affair that takes 
place between a mysterious mime 
named Baptiste Debureau (Robert 
Rosen)andGarance (Felicity lones), 
a lower-class woman known for 
keeping several suitors simulta-
neously. It's often hard to follow the 
play's storyline because the situa-
tions surrounding the production of 
the film and the events in the film 
itself are often closely connected. 

Despite heavy censorship and the 
advice of actress Francois Rosay, 
director Marcel Came (Dominique 
Serrand) decides to make a political 
film as a form of resistance to the 
German occupation and finally finds 
a producer willing to finance the 
production. Before Rosay flees to 
Hollywood, she tells him that " to 
play with images is to play with 
fire." Came soon finds out how ac-
curate her waming is. 

Came has problems finding a pro-
duction company when his producer 
has to leave the country because he is 
lewish. 

1bere is also some concem that 
the film will not pass by the censors. 
1be political allegory of the film is 
revealed when a powerful count 
promises to protect Garance from 
political tunnoil. The count seems to 
represent the Nazis who promised 
protection but instituted terror. When 
characters make promises to each 
other, there invariably lingers an el-
ement of doubt and insecurity. 

When one of the camera crew is 
arrested by Nazis posing as French-
men, it becomes apparent that no one 
can trust anyone of the cast mem-
bers, and Marcel begins to question 
his responsibility for ~ arrest, say-
ing "everyone kills a little bit, but 
gently, so you don't notice." 

The plot thickens as the Allies 
arrive and the Nazis are pushed back. 
Arletty, the actress playing Garance, 
was dating a Nazi officer but loses 
him when he returns to Germany. In 
one poignant scene which mirrors 
actual events, Marcel pushes her to 
fuse her fictional love for Baptiste 
with her feelings for the officer. 

The play has a few shortcomings. 
Sometimes the dialogue becomes 
too academic, presenting heavy-
handed platitudes about human ex-
istence. "Oilldren ofParadise" seems 

to want to make a statement about 
almost every pHilosophical issue, 
from Christianity to the nature of 
romantic love. The play could also 
be shortened, and the interrogation 
scenes at the end of the film are 
interesting but drawn out. 

Most of the acting is excellent. 
Serrand portrays Came as a director 
devoted to his art. and Gracieux gives 
Prevert the right mixture of confi-
dence and sardonic wit you would 

ex~t from a French writer. lones, 
however, goes too far out of her way 
to slur her words in a seductive man-
ner. 

UCSD Theatre Dance Program Presents 

SPRING DANCE 
FESTIVAL 

On the whole, however, the pr0-
duction is an engaging examination 
of the relationship between political 
events and anistic productions. It 
serves as a reminder that art is not 
produced in a vacuum. In a year of 
budget cuts and threats to long-stand-
ing art groups, the themes of the film 
are all the more relevant. 

"Children of Paradise: Shooting 
aDream"runsthroughlune 13atthe 
Mandell Weiss Theatre. ShoWlimes 
are Tuesday through Friday at 8 p.m. 
and Saturday and Sunday at 2 and 8 
p.m. Tickets range from $22 to $30. 
For more information, call 534-3960. 

directed by 
Margaret Marshall 
and Patricia Rincon 

student choreographed 
and performed 

May 29 &30 
8:00p.m. 

Mandeville 
Auditorium 

$6 for students 
UCSD Box Office, 

Price Center 
Charge-by-phone: 

534-3793 

HIATUS 3 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 27,1993 

U PC OM II G M.-.n of PhotatP'aPhIc Arts: "AorGarduilo: Witnesses 
of Time" is an exhibition of 100 
black and white photographs of 
native peoples from places such 
as Mexico, Peru and Guatemala 
The museum is open daily from 
10 am. to 5 p.m. Admission is 
$3. Info: 239-5262. 

1'0 0 R Y 
Bill Murray stars with a cute, 
furry rodent in the film 
Groulldhog .,., in the Price 
Center Theatre at 6:30, 9 and 
II :30 p.m. Tickets are $2. Info: 
534-6467. 

Cows, with special guests Iri 
tor Joe and Unleaded. play 
the Casbah at 9 p.m. Tickets are 
$10 at the door. Info: 294-9033. 

FRIDRY 
Former member of the English 
Beat Dave Wakellngandhis 
band The Free Rackals 
appear at the Belly Up Tavern 
with opening act WhIrl. Info: 
481-8140. 

The Committee for World De-
mocracy presents Cold Blood: 
The Massacre of East 
Timorforfreeat7p.m.inSolis 
Lecture Hall. 

SATURDRY 
The UCSD 1beatre Dance Pr0-
gram presents the Sprlns 
Dance Festival in 
Mandeville Auditorium. The 
festival will featurestudent-cho-
reographed wolts and begins 
Saturday and Sunday at 8 p.m. 

Tickets are $6 for students. Info: 
534-3793. 

SUNDRY 
Enjoy the long weekend with 
some gritty rock 'n' roll from 
WInterhawk, Trouble City, 
Chemical Genet ation, San 
QuentIn and Pappa Boner 
at the Spirit from 8 p.m. until 2 
a.m.lnfo:276-3993. 

MONDRY 
Beer and bebop are the focus of 
the evening at Porter's Pub as 
the weekly Free Jazz Jam 
continues from 8-11 p.m. Info: 
587-4828. 

TUESDRY 
Vtoln and viola students 
of Janos Negesy will per-
form an eclectic repertoire at 8 
p.m. in Erickson HalJ. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-8226. 

WEDIESDRY 
The UCSD Jazz Orchestra 
plays in the Mandeville Audito-

rium at 8 p.m. Tickets are $3-5. 
Info: 534-8226. 

THERTER 
La JoIa Playhouse: "Chil-
dren of Paradise: Shooting a 
Dream" examines the creation 
of a classic French film in 1943. 
Performances are Tuesday 
through Sunday at 8 p.m., with 
weekend matinees at 2 p.m. in 
the Mandell Weiss Theatre 
throughlune 13. Tickets are $22-
30. Info: SSO-I070. 

409 Sbdo Theatre: "Wait-
ing for Godot," the existential 
classic, will receive a new inter-
pretation by director Michael 
Schwartz on Friday and Satur-
day. Performances will be Fri-
day at 7 and 11 p.m. and Satur-
day at 2 and 8:30 p.m. Info: 534-
4950. 

"The Telephone Man," a new 
play by Carey Friedman and di-

How To Cram For Summer 

Rent Now And Get 4 Months 
For The Price Of 3 * 

It's amazing how much stuff you can cram into one Public Storage rental space for the summer. 
It's even more amazing how little you'll pay. We have lots of private spaces in many convenient 
sizes at affordable monthly rates. Show your Student ID and get 4 months for the price of 3. * 

• Furniture, sports equipment 
• Household goods, books 
• Business storage, too 

rected by Tom Quaintance, pre-
mieres Wednesday, June 3. 
Showtimes are at 8 p.m. Wednes-
day andThursday, Friday at 8 and 
11 p.m. and Saturday at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $5 at the door. Info: 
534-3791. 

Sweetooth Comedy The-
atre: "A Piece of My Heart," a 
play about six women in the 
middle of the Vietnam War, runs 
Thursday through Saturday nights 
untilJune 19. Tickets are $10 for 
students. The theatre is located in 
the Maryland Theatre in down-
town San Diego. For ticket and 
showtime information, call 544-
9070. 

GALLERIES 
Porter Randall Gallery: 
"Emerging Voices: Three Afri-
can-Americans," is an exhibition 
featuring the sculpture of Helen 
Ramsaran, the photography of 
Elisabeth Sunday and the paint-
ings of Melvin Garretti. 1be ex-
hibit opens May 28 and contin-
ues through June 23. The open-
ing receptioh will be Friday from 
7 to 9 p.m. Wo: 551-8884. 

~GI.l!ry:"Conrad 
Atkinson: Selected Worles" fea-
tures selected worle by the Brit-
ish artist. Gallery hours are noon 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sun-
day. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2860. 

MandevIIe Annex Gallery: 
"A Group Undergraduate Spring 
Show," ison exhibit through May 
28. Info: 534-2860. 

Grove Gallery: "Verdict L.A.," 
an exhibition focusing on the ri-
ots in Los Angeles, will run 
through June S. Gallery hours are 
Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. and Saturday from 10 
a.m. to 2 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-2021. 

Spanish VllapG.I.ry 21: 
"Photography from a Woman's 
PointofView"opensMay 15 and 
runs through May 30. Gallery 
hours are 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. 
Info: 579-0954. 

Central Ubrary: Original 
drawings and special objects from 
the "Dr. Seuss Collection" are on 
display on the library 's main floor. 
Info: 534-3339. 

Make Graduation 
a Special Me~fu1". 

at the Beau · 
Sheraton Grande 

Torrey Pines! 
Relax and enjoy this special event minutes from campus. 

Overlook the 18th Fairway of the famous Torrey Pines Golf 
Course and beautiful Pacific Ocean. Make your stay 

comfortable and affordable with ... 

• Complimentary Butler Service-light pressin~ shoe shine, 
coffee and newspaper in the morning 

• Shuttle to UCSD 
• Complimentary Health Club and Tennis 
• Twice daily maid service and turndown 
~PUBLIC 
'" STORAGE 
RENTAL SPACES • Temporary or long term • Special $125.00 (plus tax) package which includes 

Breakfast for Two arid Late Checkout 
WithThisCoupon ------~--:---

Rent Now And Get 4 Months For The Price Of 3!* 
Just Show Your Student ID 

• SORRENTO 
11303 Sorrento Valley Road 

2 Blocks North of Union Bank 
Sorrento Valley Road & Sorrento Valley Blvd. 

453-6100 

"",PIBJC 
"ITORAGE' 
RENTAL SPACES 

'SuIIjocIIO miIIIIiIIIy ""........ u.ic ......... ,... _ . New,..taIo oeIy. Doa .... i.t.lr ................ 01 r-
0IJcr apiIa J- 30, 1993. UCSD93 L _______________________________ ~ 

Please call direct (619)558-1500 or toll free (800)762-6160 
to make reservations. 

Offer valid June 10-15, 1993. Please ask for "UCSD Graduation Special." 

II 
SHERATON GRANDE 

TORREY PINES 
l " J 0 l \. ... 



BlAres .. 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

"G*-1"$1 ~ DRAFT1,,~~ 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

call 1414 ext. 6220 

1007 Garnet Avenue • Pacific Beach San Diego • 273-6209 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA , SAN DIEGO 

SUMMER SESSION '93 
Choose from 1wo sessions: 
June 28·June 30 or 
August 2·September 3. 
An exdting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department 
will be offered. Catalogs are 
avadable now. For your free copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, 
UCSD Extension Complex, Building 
A, Monday through Friday, 
8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., or phon. 
534-4364. 

The UCSD Guardia Tlwnday, llay 27,1993 

Hot Property 
Once stolen, Andrea Leigh's "Fruit of Delight" is 
going to be a permanent prece in the Price Center 

Dan McOoweIIGuwdirf 
Andrea ....... works on one of her ............... pIac:as In .... home. 

, 'H ow far are you will-
ing to go?" Andrea 
Leigh asks on one 
of her art pieces in 

her current erotic art exhibition at 
Cafc5 Espresso Roma. Leigh, a 
UCSD alumna, became an instant 
celebrity in Septemberof 1990 with 
the theft of one of her pieces from 
the Price Center. The loss of the 
piece entitled "Fruit of Delight" is 
ironic now that it will become a part 
of the Price Center's permanent col-
lection. 

Leigh had given up the search 
for her piece in frustration. when in 
late 1992 it was spotted by a friend. 
Leigh notified the detective work-
ing on the case and had the piece 
confiscated. 1lle man from whom 
the piece was taken claimed that he 
had bought the painting from a 
young woman who claimed to be a 
"starving artist" and offered to sell 
the piece. The man said he gave the 
woman $100 for what he thought 
was a legitimate purchase. 

Since "Fruit of Delight" was in-
sured through the University Cen-
ter Board, Leigh was given money 
to create a new piece. When the 
original piece was recovered, the 
UCB requested a refund of the in-
surance money. Leigh agreed to a 
trade to payoff the debt. and a 
remake of "Fruit of Delighf' was 
added to the Price Center's penna-
nent collection to go on display in 
mid-summer. 

Leigh's current exhibit at Caf~ 
Roma takes a feminist perspective 
in stressing the beauty and plight of 
women. 

"My artwork involves a di-
chotomy of rigid stefe?lypes played 
against aspects offemininebeauty," 
Leigh said. 

1be "handpaintings" are a series 
of "found" paintings that have been 
"assisted" so that they take on new 
meanings. Leigh, who has recently 

Mf'ruIt of De'rl'It" 
Andrea Lelah 

adopted the alias of a.Rrose, uti-
lizes different media to create 
tongue-in-cheek works that are 
characterized by Duchampian 
irony. 

The viewer becomes a voyeur 
for pieces such as "Given Away," 
one of several paintings which 
spoofs masterworks by artists such 
as Duchamp. Van Gogh, Renoir 
and Klee. The emotions in the 
handpaintings range from anger 
in the piece entitled "Fetch, Bitch" 
to lust and tension in "Well HWlg." 
Leigh said she incorporares con-

temporary issues into her "assisted 
ready-mades"totry to "arouse thought 
and desire" within the viewer. 

These works can be translated into 
a visual language that is wrought with 
social criticism. The contradictions in 
the pieces parallel those present in the 
"confining roles of the socialized idea 
of woman," according to Leigh. 

Leigh intends to continue to ex-
hibit on a national and international 
level. She has recently completed a 
Tijuana! San Diego/ Yokohama ex-
change. 

"1. 

Thursday, May 27,1993 The UCSD Guardia HIATUS 5 

At the sperm-bank, 
she asked for 

TED DANSON 

a tall, Intelligent, block man. 

One out of three ain't bad. 

STARTS MAY 28TH EVERYWHERE 

U(SOtXHNSION 
UtlIVrR~il,{ Or (4llrORtll~. ~Arl DlrGO 

Computer-Aided Design: 
A Tool 'of the Trade 

r:I omputer-aided design (CAD) allows design firms in-
~ creased capability to respond quickly and affordably to 

customer needs. Approximately half of the design 
firms in San Diego County have already recognized the 
great competitive edge that CAD offers. As companies 
tighten their payrolls in a lean economy, architects and 
designers are finding knowledge of CAD programming 
a must for securing and maintaining employment. 
UCSD Extension's courses in computer-aided design 
offer hands-on training to both experienced architects 
and designers as well as those entering the field who 
need these skills. Choose from three state-of-the-art 
courses this summer. 
• lntroductoryAutoCAD - Two Dimensions and Paper 

Space 
• 3D Modeling With AutoCAD 
• Introduction to Generic CADD 6.0 
For a free course catalog describing these and other 
summer courses, phone 534-0406, X1207. 

Testament 
Return to Apocalypse City 

Testament has not made an origi-
nalalbumsince 1989. Practice What 
You Preach was the last album that 
could be described 

Palladium, are older numbers from 
the band's first and second records. 
If not for the pauses between tracks, 

it would be impossible 
as innovative, per-
haps even worthy of 
C;ritical comparisons 
to such thrash-mas-
terpieces as Slayer's 
South of Heaven or, 
dare I say it, 
Metallica'sAndlus-

HLOUM 
REVIEWS 

to distinguish between 
the songs. All are varia-
tions on the same pre>-
dictable themes: death, 
mutilation and eternal 
damnation. 

tice For All. 
Since then, however, Testament 

has found itself in a rut. The band's 
two subsequent studio releases have 
sounded like anemic versions of 
Practice - one might wonder if 
they're not all the same songs with 
different lyrics. With the exception 
ofraresingles,like"SoulsofBlack" 
and "The Legacy," Testament has 
descended to standard head banging 
fare, spinning its wheels in a gigan-
tic pit ofmetaI mediocrity. 

Testament's latest release, Re· 
turn to Apocalypse City, is an un-
successfulattempttorevivethegood 
old days. Apocalypse City is mainly 
a live EP with two rehashed studio 
tracks. 

Even thecoverart-a picture of 
some slob having his face ripped off 
by hooks- is cliched. The four live 
tracks, recorded at the Hollywood 

The two studio 
tracks, recorded with 

new drummer John Tempesta (for-
merly of Exodus) and guitaristGlen 
A1velais (fonnerIy of Forbidden), 
sound slightly better. 

"Reign of Terror," an outtake 
from the band's second release, The 
N ew Order, is the only real 
headbanger on the disc. 

"Return to Serenity" is nothing 
more than a bad ballad. Testament 
wrote a great ballad once simply 
titled "The Ballad" that had pathos 
and, what's more, didn't sound like 
a smanny ode to alienation. If you 
want alienation, listen to Suicidal 
Tendencies. Now there's talent. 

Testament will play at Iguana's 
in Tijuana Saturday at 8:30 p.m. 
Green Jelly of "Three Little Pigs" 
fame will open with Pro-Pain. Tick-
ets are $15. For more infonnation, 
call 278-TIXS. 

-Ban Boychuk 

a 
told 
you? 

A friend? ... 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231·1110 

Your sister? .. . 
A co-worker? ... . 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere . 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for STOs and 
HIV, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

When you care 
about your health 
... word gets around. 

Planned Parent_lod 
If "I liI.1 1:.1. 

II " 



HlAnJS 6 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 27,1993 

Undergraduate 
Dance 
~oneert 

Weekend festival 
will feature 20 dances 

by 70 students 
PIIoIo courtesy 01 Che1 Wooding 

MMthew M'OI'I Stem and TIna Kravis rehearse for the Sprine Dance Festival. 

T he stage is set: music has been chosen, steps created, themes polished anddanc-
ersauditioned. Long hours 

of strenuous practices have rendered 
the choreographed moves as close 
to perfection as possible for the UC 
San Diego Theater Department's 
annual "Spring Dance Festival. "In 
UCSD'sMandevilleAuditoriumon 
May 29th and 30th at 8 p.m., ap-
proximately 20 dances will be pre-
sented by more than 70 students 
from the Dance Program. 

members choreographed the pieces, 
this festival is created and performed 
entirel y by students, most of whom 
are involved in the Theater/Dance 
Program. 

founded the UCSD Dance Program 
in response to student demand. The 
program has since been expanded 
to offer a Theatermajor with adance 
emphasis or a Dance minor degree. 

perfected throughout the quarter 
during dance production classes in 
which students were given feed-
back by the faculty on their original 
worK. 

Rincon explained that in order to 
be considered for the show, student 
choreographers had to audition their 
complete pieces - including danc-
ers, music and costumes-before a 
group of judges from the program. 

form to an audience," Rincon said. 
Emphasizing the wide range of 

dance styles to be perfonned. Rincon 
added, "It will be a well-rounded 
show that demonstrates the full 
breadth of the dance program." 

Unlike Winter Quarter's dance 
production in which dance faculty 

1be festival's dances cover a 
wide range of "human foibles and 
emotions," including conformity 
and prejudice, loss and recovery, 
the world of dreams and imagina-
tion and spirituality. Some pieces 
will interpret musical genres such 
as classic and contemporary jazz, 
modem ballet, musical dance of the 
1940s and improvisation. 

The Department of Theatre 

Patricia Rincon, tenured faculty 
memberandco-directorofthedance 
festival with Margaret Marshall, 
described the festival as an "exten-
sive program" in which students 
learn the principles of composition 
and choreography, movement edu-
cation, dance history and the pro-
cess of performance. 

Many of the pieces featured in 
the perfonnance were created and 

"Ultimately the goal is to present 
the students and their choreogra-
phy. We want to give as many stu-
dents as possible a chance to de-
velop their creative ideas and per-

Advance tickets can be purchased 
at the UCSD Price Center Box Of-
fice and wiJI be available at the door 
the day of the show. The price is $6 
for students and $12 for the general 
public. Seating is general admis-
sion. For more infonnation, call the 
UCSD Department of 1lIeater at 
534-3793. 

-M ..... J.c:obs 

SELF STORAGE 
UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 

1/3 OFF ANY size unit with this ad 

uc'" SO .... 

• 

,----
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
'-------

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

549·0500 
-~--------------~ . 

TANS$1: i 
One for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan Days ~goo I I 
Wolff ~ • Facial Tamer-, I I ___ .me 
----~~~~-------~ 
,------------------------~ 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I ~ I 
I Guaranteed ... $48 ~ I lost inches, and my jeans I European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth Itl" 
I L.oee at !tat 8" or you don't payl - Mindy, San Diego I 
I No exercIH or dIetInc. Not • t.....".-y water lou. I 
I GOLDEN nwGlE u JoIII 'to lomI Hllcreet I I mFECTTAH' ~2 22+9727 296-7004 I 

;'2~1 Holiday Ct. '1C1ftc !IoICh· MINkIn Ville'/" 5Yce Collate· I :c~:t from EI Torlto 561-9OeO 542~391 697-8014 I 
~ _______ ~~~~~~~~~~ _______ J 

To get what you want in life, 
you need a college degree . 
But that diploma is not easy to 
obtain - especially when the 
classes you need are often 
closed and your tuition keeps 
climbing. 

Palomar College can help. 
Palomar offers thousands of 

courses in over a hundred 
different subject areas. And 
almost all of their classes are 
directly transferrable to 
UCSDI 

Palomar offers courses that 
meet during the daytime and 
evening, and even Saturdays. 
And summer classes at 

Palomar College are only six 
and eight weeks long. 

Tuition at Palomar is low, 
only $10 per unit for under-
graduate students who are 
state residents. So you won't 
need a hefty student loan to 
take any of their classes. 

Palomar College summer 
class schedules are available 
in all five UCSD academic 
advisement offices. 

So go get onel Fill out the 
application in the center of the 
schedule and bring it to 
Palomar today. And you can be 
in the class you want this 
summer. Classes start June 21. 

A. ...... c ..... 
Palomar College • San Marcos e 744-11 SO, x2160 

Thursday, May 27 1993 

/ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Birkenstock sandals 
for a price you can handle. 

At Nordstrom , we take pride in offering the best values 

around on Birkenstock sandals. And if you should ever 

find them priced lower at another store, just let us 
know-we'll gladly beat that price. Shown, 'Arizona' 

with breathable suede uppers, long-lasting rubber 

out soles and anatomically contoured footbeds for 

outstanding comfort and support. For men , in black , 

olive or sand, whole sizes 6-16m. In MEN'S SHOES. 

For women, in black, navy or taupe, whole sizes 5-11m. 

North County Fair and Fashion Valley, in BRASS PLUM 

SHOES; Horton Plaza and University Towne Centre, 

in WOMEN 'S SHOES. 

Univusity Towne Centre, .. 57· .. 575; HOrlon Plaza, 239·1700; Fashion Valley. 295· ...... 1; NOrlh County Fair, HO·0170. 

HIATUS 7 



HIATUS 8 

• 

<' 
.:: ••• ~. p ...... 

.. .", 

..... ltlay 
WIth Ryder. 

The UCSD Guardian 

-, 

Now you can take aJl your stuff home without overstuffmg it. Just rent a 
Ryder truck and it's easy. 

Ryder trucks have plenty of cargo space, so they're easy to load. 
And with power steering, air conditioning, and AM/ FM stereos, they're 
fun to drive. There's even a Ryder dealer close to campus, so chOOSing 
the right truck and getting all the help you need is easy too. 

Plus, Ryder makes it easy to save money with speciaJ discounts just 
for students. So stop cramming and start saving. Call your local Ryder 
dealer today and take the easy way out. 

Thur8day, May 27,1993 

• 

l .. · 
~ . ~ .. 

Check Mite Pages for location nearest you. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

$25 
$10 

OFF 
O""W-v Rental 

OFF 
Local Rentel 

START SAVING. 
Take this coupon to your authorized Ryder dealer. It entitle you to a 
S25 discount on a One Way Rental or a 810 ill count on a Local Rental. 
DI .. t'UUIlI ,alld Ihrnu~ 11 I>t>f' rmilt'r j I. 1 t)tH . j I(fl"r Ilul \ a lill \\ ilh a n ~ OIhf>r orrpr. rf'ha lP or dl oo('otl l1l I}ro(l:ra m. 
\ old "hfrt" prohlbilPII . Llmll I tOUI}(Hl I""r ft'nlal, (tlrrenl "lUdr uII.D. required . 

IWDER 
We',. there when you need U .... 

Thursday, May 27, 1993 

UCAB: Burnett, 
attorney may be forced 
to pay regent's legal fees 
ContInued from page 1 
attack on Burnett but simply an at-
tempt to hold litigants responsible 
for their actions. 

"What appears to [be) said [by 
taking action against Burnett or his 
attorney) is that someone should be 
held accountable for their actions. 
Tome. it'sjust a matter of account-
ability." he said. 

However. Burnett said he saw 
Tucker's actions as an attempt by 
UCSD administrators to gain "po-
liticalleverage. " 

"As far as I can tell. this is just an 
attempt to intimidate students ...... 
he said. "I don 'ttake this personally. 

MEDIA: UCSD 
alternative media will 
get funding cuts 
Continued from page 1 

The Media Committee originally 
proposed limiting AS. funding for 
any issue to 16 pages and 4.000 
copies. Several publications balked 
at the proposal. prompting the new 
indicator and VozFronteriza to post 
a flyer accusing the A.S. of slashing 
funds up to 60 or 70 percent. "The 
operating logic is not 'efficiency,' 
but destruction," the flyer read. 

"The initial cuts were an across-
the-board leveling of alternative 
media." said new indicator collec-
tive member Doug Alexander. 

However, lastSunday acompro-
mise was reached which sets aside a 
small portion of the $51.000 media 

This is an attack on all student gov-
ernment officials who will continue 
to attempt to sue the university." 

Bumett's case was dismissed 
from San Diego County Superior 
Court on May 7 after Judge Wayne 
L. Peterson determined that the case 
did not merit a trial. Burnett had 
been continuing a lawsuit initiated 
by the UCB before Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph Watson 
disestablished the board in response 
to the suit. The UCB had been seek-
ing the right to obtain independent 
legal counsel and a clarification of 
its role within the university. 

Burnett also failed in two attempts 
to win restraining orders to prevent 
WatsonfromdisestablishingtheUCB. 

Goodman said the judge's deci-
sions proved thatBumett'scasewas 
"frivolous." and now students are 

budget for new publications. and 
distributes the rest among the 14 
existing newspapers based on a per-
centage of the 1992-93 funding. 

Under this plan. for example. the 
new indica tor will recei ve almost as 
much funding next year as it did this 
year. The new indicator originally 
asked for a 13 percent boost. which 
Park said the Media Committee sim-
ply could not accommodate. A few 
publications. such as Voz Fronteriza, 
were awarded increased funding. 

Park is also pursuing the creation 
of a paid A.S. position to solicit 
advertising in altemative media. 
While Park expressed confidence in 
this proposal, it was criticized by 
new indicator member Alexi 
Villedrouin. who pointed out that 
similar plans have been unsuccess-
ful in the past. 

Villedrouin and Alexander ex-

U(SDtXHNSION 
UNIVeRSITY or (AllfOR~jIA , SMI DI~GO 

The UCSD Guardian 

being forced to pay for his actions. 
"What's very disappointing and 

frustrating is that the campus. stu-
dents and everybody else are losing 
big time because of Bumett's law-
suit." he said. 

Burnett. who is not a student this 
quarter because he was unable to 
pay his fees , said he could not afford 
to pay the university's legal bill, 
although Carruthers said that 
Burnett's attorney may be liable for 
the cost. alleging that Barkus gave 
Burnett bad legal advice. 

Burnett said the UCSD adminis-
tration. and Tucker in panicular, 
should be blamed fort he difficulties 
he and the UCAB are facing. 

"[The administration] is trying 
to spend more money and [incur] 
more legal costs to harass students," 
he said. 

pressed concern over alternative 
media, saying that there would be 
pressure to curtail content as a result 
of having to find outside revenue. 
"As alternative media. by having to 
go to outside funding we would be 
having to enter the sector of the 
mainstream," Villedrouinsaid. "It's 
our right as students to be fully 
funded [by the A.S.]." 

"The newspaper market is very 
bloated. It would be very difficult to 
get sufficient reyenue," Alexander 
added. 

"One of the overall problems is 
that the budget is not increasing. To 
me it comes down to a question of 
priorities." Alexander said. suggest-
ing that the A.S. should "put our 
budget in perspective ... put the over-
all media budget in the context of 
other events. Can't we have cheaper 
[A.S. funded] events?" 

All the World's a Stage! 

NEWS 9 

CONGRATULATIONS 
KApPA KApPA GAMMA 

GRADUATES 
Branden Barnes Ho ll y Harvey Kathy McNe ill 
Jennifer Be ll man Michelle Ho lman Serena Mur ill o 

Jennifer Buckles Caroline Jones Alison Palm lotto 
Merrimac Caple Valerie Kelly Holly Rate ll e 

Suzy Cho i Angie Koon ce Lauren Reynolds 
Kiki Coates Amy Kro ll Lisa Sanders 

Julie Corr icell o Tracy Lang Tina Sem lngson 
Ann Crady Cristi Lux Laurie Shepard 

Julie Cullinane Jea nine Markoe Nancy Trethewey 
Sherry Freudenberger Cori Mart in Heather Weber 
Kari Ga ll agher Romy Mason Carla Wedner 
Elizabeth Graham Amy Mausshardt Pam West 
An nie Gregory Robin McNall Adrienne Wray 

I~ 
F.Y.I.: The Guardian 
will publish the final 
two Issues of the year 
on TUES. JUNE 1, and 
THURS. JUNE 3. 
Also. we will print a 
special SUMMER 
SUPPLEMENT which 
will be distributed In 
the final Guardian and 
twice during the 
summer. Advertising 
deadline Is Tuesday, 
June 1 at noon. 

IIcm Jlt'alth., \rt' YOU'! 

We need people to donate their 
blood plasma. Diagnostic test kits 
are urgently needed, but cannot be 

produced without negative controls. 
You can qualify to donate if: 

• You have never been 
vaccinated for one or all of 
the following. and 

• You have never had one or all 
of the following: 

Hepatitis, Chicken Pox, 
Measles 

You can donate up to twice a week 
and earn $45 per donation. Call 
MD Laboratories 
(a subsidiary of Hem.Can: Corporation) 

(619)226-1733 
MD Laboratories specializes in providing 
blood products to manufactu .. rs for the 

production of vaccines. test k.its and 
research. Calt today! 

n he best acting comes from creativity, ensemble, hard work, U and a huge sense of playfulness. Join Todd Solovey, casting 
director and literary manager of the San Diego Repertory 
Theatre, for an intensive acting workshop this summer 
designed for dedicated actors, incurable romantics, and 
dreamers alike. Don't miss out on a chance to participate in 
writing, staging, and performing original theater pieces as 
you receive training in voice, movement, improvisation, and 
scene work. This is a special opportunity for personal and 
professional growth for both beginning and experienced 
actors. Bring your enthusiasm, dedication, and curiosity! 

at 
UNDERGRADUATE LIBRARY 
Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 

(South Study Room Only) 

TimeiData: 

Location: 

Credit: 
Course No. 
Fee: 

Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and 
Thursdays, 7-10 p.m. 
June 2Q-July 25 
Room 139, Media Center/Communications 
Bldg., Third College Campus, UCSD 
Six units in Theatre 
X402.1; Index No. 10120N 
$325 

To enroll, phone the UCSD Extension Registration Office, 
534-3400, or the instant credit card line, 534-5544. 

June. 4 ~ 11 
South Study Room Closes at 11:45pm 

re-opens ... 

12midnight to 3am 
Sponsored by Undergraduate Library, 

eso Program, and AsueSD 



,. 

10 NEWS 

INTENSIVE 
SPANISH 

CUERNAVACA, 
MEXICO 

Travel 
Homestay!fours 

Pyramids 
Acapulco 

1.5 unitslw~ 
start any Monday 

COIIIKt: 

A Better Return 
Laapqe Travel Pr 

114-131-5924 

Spring Computer 

SALE 
M,,'s cl pc'S 

Powerbook 16SC 4186 ........ $2969 (Now) 
HDJOOMB SCSI (MACO ... . $449 (New) 
PC Notebooks ..................... fronI $695 
Conner 170 MB HD IDE ..... 5219 (New) 

: NEW AU l.E.NTIUM.. NOW: I call to order I 
'516 w/l.2 FD 65MBHD, 
VGA Color .... .. $36, (UIOd) 

PS/2 SYSltIDS ........................ 1nIm 5349 
LIrIt .,1111111".. cUIe .. 4i111e1tt .... 
Odttr N.., 6 UwI txpIipwlll. 'JJltIlS 6 Sllpplits 

FiMncilJglR'fIIbtr .4",;w1t 
Call NUC for quotes 

Newt! U..,dCompllltrs689-0122 

Onl,' \011 ("an lIe1p .. , 
Earn money for your 

blood donation! 
If you have active 

symptoms or have had 
one of the following 

diseases: 
Hepatitis Rheumatoid Factor 
Rubella Syphilis Lupus 

&othen 
Your blood can be worth bttwten 
$40-$200 per donation 

Intensive 5-wk. 
program in 

Por*IId, OR, JuIr 21-Aug. 21, 
Earn 12 quarter In. Study lang. 
(allevela) and ~. with 
Japanese studenta. Outdoor 
wilderness program Included. 
Prior lang. study not required. 
0rIg0rV ....... SUmmer PIogrIm, 

........ Clertt Col .... 
Box 192, PoI1IMd, OR 97219, 

(1103) 788-7305. 

NUDE BEACHES & RESORTS 

Whete To Be Natural 
More than 2,000 worldwide and 

lOOs of U.S. clothes-optional sites 
listed in the World Guide 10 Nude 
Bea:hes & Rtcrealion, iIhmared with 
hundreds of color photos. Order the 
2li4-plgeGuide, $24.95 pnc;t paid. 

Nude & Nalural Magazine. 4 
issues, $25. Sample N&N, $8. 
Color catalog features videos, 
books, T-shins, $1 . 

The Naturist Society 
P.O. Box 132-GU 

Oshkosh, WI 54902 
VISAIMC Orders: 414-426-5009 

naturist@igc.apc.org 

Parts $341· 
MInIicII $14,. 
VIc.. $14,. 
London $IW 
~ $315· 
faoa ..., uch wtI( bIsed on • 

r..." not ircluded. Sarno ralricmr. :iRoIy. 
_us moy be roquftd. 

"".",."., ........ Call MD Laboratories 
(A subsidiary 01 HtmaCart Corporalioll) Council Travel 

San Diego 
(619)226-1733 

Open 1W:Jn., Tues., nus., Fri. 9-5 
Wed., 1 ()'5, Sat. 1 ()'2 

UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 
451·06 0 

SCRIPPS MES .-\ STORAGE 
ONE MONTH 
FREE · 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Self Service storage 
at lowest rates 
With UCSD 10. No security ikposit, no adm.ltt 

5x6-$20 
5 x 7 -$22 
$401$44 IIJlaJ rtntlor 3 months 

Pay for 2 months, 
get the third month 9780 CANDIDA ST. ~ 

FREE 
I OUTDOOR CAIIITORAQI AYAIUILII 

9780 Candida St. 
566·3881 

CIIIcIIct. 

... 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SIWABESSY: 
Tesak to take over as 
A.S. president 
ContInued flam .... 1 
A.S. president after hearing a case 
filed by Elections Manager Beth 
Gesson. 

Gesson said that although she 
was "extremely surprised" by the 
decision. she recolDized that the 
eJection bylaws and the AS. consti-
tution IR ambiguousandsometimes 
contradictory. She agreed with 
Tesak,saying the decision is benefi-
cial to students. ; 

''The students benefit by having 
a person appropriately eligible for 
office [serve as A.S. president]," 
Gesson said. 

And at last night's A.S. meeting, 
Judicial Board member Chia-Lin 
Simmons told the council that Sherry 
is resigning as Judicial Board Chair, 
citing her frustration with the legal 
wrangling surrounding the 
Siwabessy hearings. 

Gesson offered praise for 
Sherry's role in the Siwabessy de-
liberations. 

"I think that Sally Sherry did an 
extremely fair, equitable job," she 
said "I never felt she was showing 
a bias against either side." 

Student Advocate Man Winter, 
who represented Siwabessy in the 
hearings, had accused Sherry of be-
ing unable to make a fair decision 
during Friday's hearing of 
Bartolotla'soomplaintand hadaslted 
her to refrain from hearing the case. 

Thursday, May 27,1993 

Sherry responded to these c0m-
plaints in a letter to the Guardian, 
saying that she "questions that Matt 
Winter's intentions IR in helping 
students" and asked members of the 
AS., in an apparent reference to 
Winter and Siwabessy, to refrain 
from engaging in "unproductive 
'bureaucratic shenanigans. , .. 

Ricardo Moncho was appointed 
to replace Sherry as Judicial Board 
Chair at last night's AS. meeting. 

Tesak has served as interim A.S. 
president since Siwabessy took a 
leave of absence April 26. Gesson 
said the AS. bylaws do not clearly 
specify how the position of vice 
president administrative vacated by 
Tesak's appointment will be filled, 
which leaves open the possibility of 
an election to fill that office. 

An ArtCarved representative will be on campus 
May 27th & 28th and June lst & 2nd, Call Gifts ~ 
and Clothing at 534-8530, P1a:"=I~~le ..... 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate rest Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

~~~li~~fb'N"-E 
InlUrw1Ce, Health Plans 
V1M,~~~1COWr 

LA M ES A 
8881 Fletcher Pk w y 

(619) 698-6601 

M ISSION VIEJO 
26400 La AI.Hned.l 

(714 ) 354-6ROO 

NEWPORT BE ACH 
4501 Birch SI 
1(14) 851-120 1 

fiili7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSO.CIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Thursday, May 27, 1993 

ARf 

HIf 
Jim Palmer vs. 
Babe Ruth 

Everybody wants to go out a winner. 
Ted Williams homered in his last at-bat 
for the Red Sox in 1960, and it was a 
colossal blast Rocky Marciano retired 
with a pert"ect 49-D record. Larry Bird 
hung 'em up after winning the gold in 
Barcelona. So I strode into the GlIard-
ian offices yesterday afternoon, 
koowing that I would write my best 
column ever. I would go coast-t<HXlast 
and slam it home. But then a terrible 
twist of fate separated me from 
greatness. A parldng ticket. 

I couldn't believe it. My last night as 
a staffer at the Guardian, and I get a 
ticket. Okay. okay, so I was in the 20-
minute loading zone for four hours, but 
is that worth 32 bucks? That parking 
ticket changed my life. All of a sudden, 
I was no longer a supremely confident 
columnist. I'd lost the zip on my 
fastball , the spring in my legs had 
disappeared and my reflexes were shot. 
What a way [0 go. Wake up in the 
morning feeling like ShaquiJIe O'Neal 
and by midnight you're just another 
Chuck Nevitt. 

But I'm not alone. For every heroic 
exit, hundreds of hangers-on outlast 
their welcome. A few notable and 
paipful examples of faded superstars 
playing out the string come to mind. 

Steve Carlton - The four-time Cy 
Young winner lost his fastball and slider 
in 1984, yet Carlton found il necessary 
to keep pitching until 1988. BatteI1> who 
couldn'l touch Carlton in his prime were 
taking Lefty all over the yard. And I'm 
not talking about Tony Gwynn, Will 
C1arlc or Wade Boggs; guys like Rafael 
Belliard and Bill Almon were feasting 
on those delectable, 73 MPH Carlton 
offerings. A brilliant career tarnished at 
the bitter end. Fortunately, Carlton will 
still make the Hall of Fame. 

B jom Borg - One of the greatest 
tennis players of all time, the six-time 
Wimbledon champion retired from 
competitive tennis in 1982 with a zillion 
dollars and a sparkling reputation. 
Nearly 10 years later, the 35-year old 
Borg, armed with a wooden racket, was 
blown away and nearly double-bageled 
by the feared Jordi Arresi:. Now Borg is 
playing on the Seniors' Tour. Thank 
God. 

Mark Spitz - Perhaps the greatest 
swimmer of all-time, Spitz won seven 
gold medals at the 1972 Games in 
Munich. That was when he was 22 
years old and at his competitive peale. 
When he decided to launch a comeback 
effort in 1991, his goal was to qualify 
for the 1992 Olympics. After being 
blown away by then-world record 
holder Tom Jager in the biggest rout 
since Desert Stonn, Spitz finally figured 
out that it's impossible to shake off 19 
years of competitive rust. What a 
genius. 

Jim Palmer- Back in 1991, Palmer, 
45 years old and seven years removed 
from baseball, attempted a spring training 
comeback with the Orioles. The Red Sox 
lit him up like a Christmas tree. Hopefully, 
Palmer, a model for jockey shorts, was 

See ART, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS II 

Jeff Hernandez was a provisional quallfter for the NCAA Division III National Championships, but Just missed a berth In the steeplechase. 

Tritons Kick Off Nationals 
1RACK AM) FELD: Taylor 
qualifies for Friday's hammer finals 
By BrIan K, Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Infamous number 13 conjures up malevolent 
images in the minds of most, but the 13 Triton 
track and field NCAA Division III National 
qualifiers, who travelled eastward to Berea, 
Ohio, last Monday for the fou r-day meet held 
May 26-29 are determined to redefine evil l3's 
gloom and doom into a gleaming spot on the 
winner's podium. 

Jeff Taylor, Division m 's leading hammer-
thrower, leads the UCSD men's contingent. 
Curtis Wiliams joins him in the hammer event 
(qualified 13th). Matt Inskeep (second) will 
represent the Tritons in the decathlon, Mark 
Yuen (third) and Pat Foy (fifth ) will compete in 
the 800 meters, Stefan Wynn (1 3th) will tackle 
the 1,500 meters, Damian Coleman (10th) has 
been selected to compete in the triple jump and 
fres hman John Castner will give it a go in the 
5,000 meters. 

On the women 's side, Claire Boykin and 
Michaela Monahan join Erica Washington and 
Renee Sprowl on the women's 4x lOO relay 
team (seeded fifth). Sprowl will also compete in 
the long jump (14th) and triple j ump (15th). 
Washington will race in the 200 meters (first) 
and will attempt to defend her 1992 national 
title in the I 00 meters (fifth). Janet Hanna rounds 
out the women ' s team by taking on the 3,000 
meters (14th). 

"We have done pretty well at Nationals in the 
past," said Head Coach Tony Salerno. "[The 
athletes] should be pretty well composed with 

Renee Sprowl 
the caliber of meets we have competed in this 
year. Our conference finals was no easier than 
Division m Nationals." 

Yesterday marked the fi rst day of competi-
tion, and Salerno's baker's dozen, true to fonn , 
were off to a strong start. 

Taylor (third, 187'5") and Wiliams ( 12th , 
168'8'') both successfully qualified for Friday' s 
hammer throw finals. 

Foy also made the final cut in the 800 meters, 
racing to a second-seeded 1:52.51. Teammate 
Yuen failed to qualify for Friday's finale. 

Inskeep finished off the first day of the 
grueling decathlon in second position with a 
total of 3,614 points. Wednesday's events in-

See TRACK, Page 14 

The Week Abeacl 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S TENNIS: The doubles 

team of John Cross and Jeff 
Bethard finished second at the 
NCAA Tournament .... 14 

CYCUNQ Jeff Winkler was 
crowned national champion. 

Page 14 

w ~_ 

1be He.cIIne Matchup: Track and field at Ute Natlollal ChampIonahIpa, Berea, Ohio, tocIay-Saba'day. ' -



,J 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need In ~ NaIaJy 1'IbIIc? ~ 10. 
eaI 587·7111 . (I/~) 

"fnt CIQIian FeiloMhIp ChIIR:I1' nMCIa doM· 
tiona 01 .. kinds to help the needy and homeIeu. 
Pick-up tile for flooring. churd! _. grWId..".,. 
taId ~. c. anv condition. Cal: Paator 
Denial P. LanIiI (1119) 265-9282. (:w.eI3) 

IIO-OZ. pia::hers. Pool. Shufleboald. Dans. Sa .. 1-
lilO TV sports. A_ .... food menu. Greet beer 
and full batl UCSO II*iialII San Diego'aonly non-
amoIUng sports bar and gril. The V·a.rl Cor_ of 
Gland & Caaa St. in Pacific Beach! (5127) 

EMPLOYMENT 
F .... 1e Athletes - We want you on our INm! 
Make good monoy. go on tours. promotion •• etc. 
Become a Pure Platinum 'Foxy Boxer: Contact 
Piuzz Int'l. Talent Agency. Ernie 278·9ge9. (~13· 
en) 
OJ Needed. Exponence and Libraty a must· Adult 
Entertainment Nightclub. Pizzazz Int'I Talont 
Agency 278·9969. (~13·6Il) 

Caregiver for handicapped child. R.xibl. summer 
and school year hours. Patience, love, referances 
please. 259-7876. (~17·5I27) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT· Mako 
money leaching basic conversational English 
abroad. Japan and Ta iwan. Make $2,000· 
$4,000+ per month. Many provide room & 
board ... other benefits I No previous tra Ining or 
teach ing certif icate required. For Internalional 
Employment program, call the International 
Employmenl Group: (206) 632·1146 ext. J5976. 
(5117·5127) 

Summar emplovment opportunities. Immediate 
openings. PTIFT, All shilts. Office support help. 
Type 30WPM & need good phone skills. Earn 
money for sum .... r & work PT school year. Call 
Select today. 492·9995. (5120-5127) 
SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn $12-$141hr. 
Oolfun Swimming Lessons. Flex hours. all areas. 
caH Greg. (619) 491--4837. (5120-&3) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT • fisheries. 
Eam up to $ 6OO+IWeek in canneries or $4.000'" 
month on fIShing boats. Free transportation I Room 
& Boardl Over 8.000 openings. No experience 
necessary. Male or Female. For employment 
program call 1·206-545-4155 ext. A5976. (5124-61 
3) 

Part time housecleaning position. Hours vary. $5.00 
an hour 10 stan. Transportallon ~rovided. 226· 
5273. (512+5127) 

INSTRUCTORS: SNOW SKI. Revcjlling carpets in 
Encinitas + San Diego. FulUPart·time from 
Septerrber 1993 through March 1994. Info. + 
application wilibemailedJulyiAugust. Send SASE: 
AdYenl1JreSki Schools. P.O. Box230951 . Encinitas, 
CA, 92023-{)951 . (5124-613) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING · Earn $2,000'" 
month +worfdtravel. Holiday, Summerand Career 
empl9yment available. No 8l1:perience necessary. 
For employment program call 1 ·2O~-0468 ext. 
C5976. (5124-613) 
Daniels Cablevision, Del Mar TV 38 seeks interns 
for Summer/Fall. Position entails producing, 
shooting. writing and repolting local newssegments 
and shows of community interest. Contact ASIO. 
(5124·5127) 

Housecleaners. Hard working students. good pay. 
fleXible hours. Immediate work. 899-8200. (5127) 

Childcare wanted near Del Mar. 2. 4, & 8 year old, 
ftexible scheduling. 755-6172. (5127-613) 

Free room.board in e.change for tutor I 4 year old. 
CaMsbad. 431·9479. (5127,611) 
Still looking for work? Maybe we can help. Send 
rasume and SASE to: Future T",nds En .. rpri .... 
9534 Wintergardens Blvd. 0212. lJIke_. CA 
92040. (5127-613) 

SERVICES 
00 you need an on-campus Notary Public? " so. 
call 587·791 1. (114-613) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. While you 
wa~. Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain·s. 452· 
9949. (1119-613) 

ViolinlViola Lessons. You or your chlld(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, profeSSional 
teacher. NOw accepting students - all ages 
and levels welcome I Call Conrad. 466·0525 . 
(3129·613) 

Need typing/WOrd processing done? Will do any 
size job. any type of job. I will also do editing if 
needed or wanted. Call Carol 481·6364 evenings. 
(411 ·613) 

TERM PAPE RSITHESISI RESUMESI Don'twaste 
money & time at do-it· yourself centers. RELAX + 
let us do your wold·processing. half the cost. ha~ 
the time! Free pickup + delivery. (619) 292·6444 
(24 hrs.) (4/19-613) 

Wold Processing/Typing: AcademiC manuscripcs. 
pepers. theses. books. lette<s, applications. Accurate( 
Fast service. Mary Ann 452·9439. (516-&'3) 

WORD PROCESSING. Any type orsize job. Qua~ty 
writing and editing. Laser printout. Kathy, 454-
8167. (516-613) 

PHYSICStt.tATH TUTOR. Masters in physics wkh 
TA experience. $1~r. 263·9444, (511 0,613) 

Earn up to $10,000 monthly . no investment 
business opportunity: own a !100M. Recordecldetails 
595·3999, (5110·5127) 

WORD PROCESSING · t 5 years. Full service 
specializing in term papers, resumes. Laser print· 
outs. GlIlny 483·6682. (5113-611 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classified advertising is sold in I5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. 1be Guardian reserves therighttorejuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardiaJ),Attn: Classifieds, 9500 GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jo/la, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

_ng. ProfeosionaJ. mature working woman 
with ",f.,....,... Ouie~ non-smoking. rel_. Wil 
give tovingcarelD yourhomeand pets. minimum one 
month. 944-1050 before 9 p.m. please. (5113-613) 

CLARITY SERVICES. Editing: proofreading. com-
ments. TUIOring :writing, English. math. Testprepa· 
ration. experienced. reasonable. 294·48601584· 
4708. (5120-613) 

1'1 typIwhile you party. Fast. accurate: hand written 
notes. transcription . Cau Diana 583· 1528. (5124-613) 

MOVING? Get your sMf together. the PacI<aging 
Store does the rest 15% student discount. 792· 
2299. (5124-613) 

STORAGE SPACES for lease at n52 Notlh Ave .. 
Lemon Grove. CA. 464-4918. (5127-613) 

WORD PROCESSING· FasVAccuratetReliabie • 
Reports , Resumes. Flyers· quick turn arounds. 
CaQ Michele at 434-3O&t. (5127-611) 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO MEET MORE PEOPLE 
WHO HAVE THE SAME IDEA OF FUN AS YOU 
OO? Meet that special someone or just have a lot 
of fun! For more infonnation send nameleddress 
10: HOBBIES, etc. P.O. Box 72461, Santa Cruz. CA 

95061·7~. (5127) 

WANTED 
WANTED. Housesitting position. Professional, 
matu", working woman with "'ferences wiQ give 
klving care to your home and petS. QUiet, non-
smoking. ret_. Minimum one month. 944· I 050 
before 9 ~ .m. please. (5113-613) 

Women I Parents Oi\'Orced? Mom not remarried? 
Participate in research study. Could win $100. 
Confidential 52~1. (5117·5127) 

Sudden Intense Fear? Rapid Heartrate? Fear 01 
Losing Control? Six weeks drug·free therapy 
available as pert of_rch study. Therapy offered 
at no cost. SupervlS8d by licansed psychologist. ~ 
18-65 yr •• call 458·5964. (5120-613) 
Artendantwanted byprolessionaJ. disabled woman. 
TulTh 6a.m.·noon: Sun 7:30·3:30. $7.5Oihr. Ann 
296-1745. (5124·611) 

Healthy men ages 18 to 45 years old are needed 
to pa"icipate in a UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the eHeet 01 sound on the eyeblink 
reflex and on brain waves. Compensation will 
be ~rovided. Call 543·2494 lor information. (51 
27) 

FOR SALE 
Surlboaldl for sale. Spring's henI, wat8t's warml 
Good boalds for cheap: 6'2". 6'6' . 7'0· .. . 552-0920. 
(513,5127) 

Futon + Irame $75. Fuil/Oueen mat set $80. 
Sofa + loveseat$200 . Can deliver 576·8244. (51 
3·613) 

Taking the MeAT in September? Taka UCSO·s 
MCAT REVIEW COURSE. Save on regular rate! 
452-6844. (5113·5127) 

Bed - fuU. IightwOOd wlheadboard + Iuton. like 
new, paid $430. ask S3OO. neg .. 792-6357. (5117· 
613) 

MOVING TO ALASKA SALE. Twin mamess + 
box spring $60.00lset. six cinder blocks· SO.50 
ea.l$2.50 • set : 6·drawer desk • $30.00: 
computer desk wi printer stand· $30.00; end 
tabl.· $15.00; d.sk chair· $15.00; bookshelf · 
$10.00: double futon + frame· SIOO.OO: filing 
cabinet· $1 5.00 CALL 546·01 40 + Iv . message. 
(5117 ·5I27l 

Taking the MeAT in September? Take UCSD'. 
MCAT REVIEW COURSE. Save moneyI452-6844. 
(5117·5127) 
Twin bed + frame. Stoo o.b.o. Desk + chair $75 
o.b.o. All in good condition. 55803731. (5I17·~27) 

4 USAir first class upgrades S25 each. Hurry. 
expires June 30. Kim 447-8796, anytime, message. 
(5120·5127) 

' 974 Ford LTD Brougham. Rebui~ engine (50K 
mil . New rebuilt cail>, new brakes, trailer hitch. 
cruise contnol. air. etIC. $950. Steve 272·2729. 
Smog OK. (5120-6/1) 

Schwinn IOSp road bike. blue. straight black 
handlebars. hot pinl< grips. runs _ . $50.00. 483· 
2694. (5124-5127) 

'82 PORSCHE924·Grey. nKmites. pw. PM. sun 
roof. stereo. new performance tires. new brakes. 
cabIe,cylnden.clulcltcable+ much more· invested 
$3000+. Martin 458-59291or (714) 897·9494 after 
exams. (5124-613) 

1989 Honda EI~e SO. 4600 miles. Good condition. 
$750. 453·3950. (5124-613) 

BlCYCLESI Wcmon's ScI1winn 3-tpMj: $25 o.b.o. 
Women's 1~: $400]).0 . 62!XJ868. (5124-5127) 

Full size bed (ma","". box spring & frame) 6 mos. 
new $125; Water IIkis with ski rope. lika new $90: 
caU Mike 281·8864. (~2+5127) 

Tickets 10 SFO and beck to San Diego. Leave June 
3 evening. retum June 7 earty. Call 558-9014. (51 
24-5127) 

IBM 20mb HOD· $15; Scanman handscanner • 
$60; Gravis joystick (IBM) . $15. Call Saung @ 
622·1244. (5I2~-6II) 

1967 Classic Karmann Ghla. Beautiful straight 
body, runs well. fun summer car! $4000 o.b.o. 543· 
9380. (5124-613) 

Peter Gabriel. On. ticket. July 22· LA. Best offer. 
Alice 542·1378. (5124·5127) 

MOTORCYCLE: 1989 Honda CBR eooF. Excellent 
mechanical condition. 12K mites. $2,500. Call 483· 
5139. (5124-613) 

Maclntooh Clanic 2140: Includes Writemove 
portable printer. and PowerUser 24196 Sendl 
Receive Fax Modem. Asking $1000 o.b.o. Call 
Craig 0452·3783. (5127-611) 

t 990 Jeep Wrangler soft top. 24.5K original 
miles. Black with grey interior. Bikini top. Sony 
CO pullout. 6x9 speakers.3· lift. 32' tires and 
one of a kind rims. Center console. Recently 
serviced and tuned . Immaculate condition and 
great forthe sum .... r. Call for more details. 625· 
0488. (5127·611 ) 
See the sweat on OINGO BOINGO·. faces! Must 
pert with 31d row _for June 12th. Asking $80.00 
o.b.o. Sue 622·9646. (5127-611) 

Go camping/hiking with Outback Mamorial Day 
Weekend in Big Sur! One ticket $'/5. 457·1335. (51 
27) 

MUST SELL: SOF AlFlipthair. $25. Study TABLE 
.$30. StudvLAt.tP ·$12. Chair· $5. Call 457-4621 . 
(5127-611) 
SOFA • 2.~iece sectional $100; Coif .. lable 
515; Two recliners $75; Desk 550. 272·5886. 
(5/27) 

'83 VW Rabbit. Only 55K mi. w/service records. 
4dr. /\/C, great condition. $2.700.632-6396. (5127· 
613) 

LIVING ROOM FURNITURE: 2 sofas, 
entertainment unit, nice cond., $300: tal white 
bookshelf, $20; compuloir sland. $20. 5:5-0534. 
(5127) 

Thursday,May 27,1993 

UVING ROOM SET: 2targeCOUCllM, coIfee_. 
2endllblll.prlClicallynewenllrlalnrnent_. 
All for $200 o.b.o. Call Sandra258-1684 (a_ 
in June). (~27-813) 

I Il84 Honda Civic HaldtbaCk: blue, very reliable, 
.xcellent stereo, new tires and clutch. $1500.00. 
6Q5.1 I 68. (5120-611) 

LOFT · beautiful 5 112lt. redwood with ma_. 
Ideal for room-mates and small spaces. Call 487 • 
osee. (5127-811) 

HOUSING 
La JoIIalUCSD: Non-smoklng lemale 10 share 2 
bedroom. 2 beth apartTnent. Preter quiet. Clean 
porIOn with no overnight guest Own bath. S380 
per month. 455-1 no. (4129·5127) 

Spacious 3 bedroom townhouse near UCSO 
avallabla June: all appliances, washerldryer. $995, 
450-{)328. (513-613) 

For Sale-Condos · WALK UCSD. 2, 3 bedrooms, 2 
car attached garages. Pool. lennis. Great 1 st time 
buyer linaneing. Open Sundays and by 
appointmerlL RElMAX · Judith Haddox. Info anytime 
(619) 275-2618. (516-613) 

Summer sublet. F umished master bedroom. own 
beth. Mira Mesa house. S350Imo. Call Paul 549-
6642. (5120-613) 

2 Ihree bedroom townhouses available July and 
September, near UCSO. $1140Imo. Nina 792· 
6453. (5110·613) 

Female roommaie wanted. Apt.. PacifIC Beach. 
Own room. Large maSler. $350/mo. + 112 util. 
Available July. Cidney 274·7359. (5110-611 ) 

Room for t8<1l, $34O/month. avaiIobIe for ~. 
wesherldlyer, poc, bus to UCSD. non-smoker. non-
aIergic to cats. cal Stacy or Usa. 62!Xl821. (&'13·5127) 

Female roommate wanted: 2 lovely rooms for rent. 
close to Ralphs. Vons, Lucky. 10·15 min. Irom 
UCSD. Nice and quiet neighborhood, own rooms! 
shared bathroom. $2751$300, please call 271 · 
4316. Helen. (~13-613) 

Looking for summer housing? LIVE 8t Renaissance 
for only $260. Fematesonly.452-6844. (5113·5127) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for summer! Own room in 
3·bdnm. condo UTC area. Pool . laundry facilities, 
elr:: . $378 + 1/3 utilities. 587·2656. (5113-613) 
4 person house for rent during summer. June 15-
Sept. 15. La Jolla Shores Drive across lhe street 
from UCSD. Waaherldryer: big bad<yald, walk to 
school and beach 552-0920. (5117,5127) 
Sunvner sublet. Ralphs shopping center. wall< 10 
grooaries, other slOres, across street from campus. 
$271 • $407.50. depending on ~ 20r3 people. Mid· 
June to mid·Sepl452-6465. (5117-613) 

SUMMER SUBLET: Single room in UTC area. All 
amenities. 5345 o.b.o. Call Monica 625-0704. (51 
17·5127) 

Own room for JulylAugust • fumished. laundry. 
dishwasher, pool. in Playmor condos. $340. Claire 
558·1781 . (5117-611) 

Two nooms in furnished house, $320 and $300 + 
deposk. West Mira Mesa, near 805 and UCSD. 
Washer. dryer, utilities included. Nonsmoking male! 
female. no pet no drugs. 578-8683. (5117-611) 

VILLAS OF RENAISSANCE. 0neItw0 roommate(s) 
wanted for summer rental. Washerldryer. garaged 
parking, pools. gym. campus bikeable. next 10 
UTC. $244 mo. (double) ; $488 mo. (single) + 114 

util~ies . 622·9619. (5117,5127) 

Join The Guardian 
as the Associate NewsIFeatures Editor for the 1993-94 year .. . and get paid. 

Tum in applications to the Guardian office above the General Store by Wednesday. Call 534-6580 for info. 

• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

WOOD-FIRED CALIFORNIA PIZZAS 
SPECIALTY PIZZAS, PASTAS AND SALADS 

NOW IN COSTA VERDE CENTER 

~~'~ho~~~DO~'~~ 2 $10~ 
and 1 Large Specialty Salad tax 

Wijh this ed. Expires 6/4193 

OFFER GOOD AT BOTH LOCA liONS 
COSTA VERDE CENTER 

M50~ (Aero .. from UTe) 
458-9525 

PT. LOMA 
WNrlronl Dining· 5120 N. HIrbor Dr. 

(2 Blks. So. 01 R_anl) 
226-0268 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 

•••• •••• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SEN+RY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

Sf'UD.Nf' SP.C'A&. 

$5 OFF regular monthly • Bank cards accepted 
rent (first four months) 

Secure gate access • 
PLUS 50% OFF first 
monthls rent • TV monitoring 

All sizes available • OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p,m., 

Reserve early & avoid 
7 days a week 

LAST DAY RUSH! • CLOSE TO UCSD 

Thursday, May 27,1993 

Mluion Hil •. SurnrnerrentalwitMItUCIemI. Huge 
5 bedroom house. Jun.September. 1315 mo. 
57_50. (5117-611) 

2 summer roommates wanted: to shana master 
bdrm. Mid·June·Sept. 1. UTCereacondo. privalO 
bath. pool. wid. R.nt : $225Imonth each + 114 
ualities eeell. Male or f.maIe non·emok .... Caq 
Trecy, Sheri , or Christine 0 55IH542. (5I17·~) 

HOTTUBON SHORES FOR SUMt.tERI Sharebig 
doubte in house. $300 + part util~ies . LOAFS only! 
Kevin ~57-8096. (5117·5127) 

2 lemale roommates needed to share condo in 
Playmor area. Summer andlor continuing. 452· 
6844. (5117-611 ) 

FOR RENT: 3 bedroom 2.5 bath condominium 
nearUCSD. All appliances. 3945CAMINO LINDO. 
July 1. $1250.00. 454-6462. (5117·613) 
Sumrner .-lingle in a 3 '**""'"' t 5 t.th CXJI1do 
with 2 lemates for S350 + 113 utiIIie6. Rm8h8d or 
ldmished, pod, cishwasher. _ and cr;er. UTC 
..... andnon5lT'<lllers.45G3252or55&{l7!lll. (S/17·Y.!7) 

LARGE BEDROOM lor SUMMER r8t1Iina spacious 4 
bedroom lunished house. CouIdbadolbie. O!ILaJoIa 
Scene Orive·walotikelO UCSO, BEACH. $38OImonth 
+ 115 utilities. Jennler 457-4452 (S'2O-6Il) 

Roommate needed 10 share beautiful Hillcrest 
apa"mant • vauhed ceilings , hardwood floors. 
Avallable June I ·Sept 15. S4OOImonth. Okay for two 
people to share bedroom 296-7936. (5120-5127) 

Sublet · I dbl .• 1 sngt. room avail. June 12·Aug:31 . 
possibly longer· poot. spa, tennis courts. WF. 558· 
3no. (5120-5127) 
Female roommate needed for summer sublet 6/1-
91' (negotiable). Own large room in 3 bdrm. condo 
near UTC. Friendly. considerate roommates. $3501 
month. Holly 567·36t 7. (5120·5127) 

FemaleroomrrereMt11lld.Triesleapartments.soorner 
ardIornextyear. Washerlayer. WaI<orbi<a 1Dcampu$. 
$2II6Iroo . • 114 uti ... Avaiable June 13. GteI::hen 
556-(l687 or Cindy 558-901 'T. (~) 

Three bedroom. 1.5 bath, East Gate Mall area, 
available July 1. Quietcanyon VIew, all appliances, 
washer/Clryer, pool. $1 l00/month $1000 deposk. 
58'·6353 or page 586-4442. (5120-613) 
Female roommate wanted. Share master bedroom 
Apartmentneercampus.Junel·Saptember.$2751 
month + 113 utilities. Call 453·8320. (5120-5127) 

Roommates needed: 2 rooms. $315. $3351month. 
3br. townhouse in UTC. Erik 558·2620. (5120·5127) 

Summer Sublet: La Cima 2br12 bath condo. Pool. 
jacuzzi . washer/dryer. cable (wA1BO). Nice view, 
in UTC. $8701mo. Call Erik 558-2620. (5120-5127) 
3 bedrooms.2.5bathcondo. Pool. tennis. garages, 
dishwasher. laundry. bike to UCSD. $1250. 757· 
4266. (5120-611) 
Roommate wanted share UniversitYCity harre. Own 
room. own bath, laundry. cable TV. 12 minutes to 
campus. $4OO/month includes utilities. Nice. mu51 
see. can ~ 1. Available July 1st (5120-5127) 

Summer Sublet· 2 roommates needed to share a 
master bedroom. $195 month + 115 utility per 
person. Washerldryer. Close to UTC, Vons. and 
busl ines. Call 622·0961. (5120-613) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED for summer · 6115·9/1 . 
naxt year also H necessary I Own room in 3 bdrm 
COndo UTC area. Pool. laundry facilkies. etc. $328 
+ 1/3 utilities (summer). 587·2656. (5113·613) 
2 rooms available lor half June thru July. In UC 
area. $330lmo. + I /3 util~ies . 10 minute bike from 
campus! Betsy 558-9207. (5/24·613) 
Sublet Mission Beach house on quietcourt. garege. 
washerldryer, lrontlback yard, steps to baylbeach 
& Belmont Park. 5425+112 util. Dave 488-6781 . 
Ava! 611193. (5124·5127) 

ROOM AVAILABLE (starting June 15) in clean. 
spacious 1700 sq .ft. townhouse. iess than 1 mile 
from campus, pool. reserved per1<lng. washerldryer. 
fully fumished . Non·smokers only. ptea ... $4201 
momh + 114 uti~ties . Please can Tom at 296·1386 
or John at 457·9821 . (5124-613) 
Live at Renaissance Villas! Need 1 male or 2 
lemalelmale roommate(s) to sharelargestbedroom 
in top floor loft aparvnertl. Avaiable Sepl Only 
S2751mo. + 114 utilities. 457·5154. (~24-5127) 

VILLAS OF RENAISSAINCE ·3 friendly. outgoing 
juniors seek outgOing responsible female. Own 
room. Approx $330-$350 month. Saptember to 
~une. Gym. parking. security. Non-smoker. Sue • 
622·9646/Marie or Pearl· 622·911 1. (5124-611) 

SUMMER ROOM RENTAL· Your own room in a 
huge 4BRl3BA Mira Mesa house. $225.OOImo. 
June-Sept. only. Call ~ 578-3120. (512_') 
SUMMER SUBLET· UniveBlty City Townhouse. 
Own room, fullyfumished (Wdesired) . Pool, tennis 
patio. $3301month (negotiable) plus 1/3 utilitie • • 
Call Mark · 558·6715. (5124·5127) 
Wanted : Two people to she", room for oummer. 
June 15·Sept I . 10 min. walk to UCSD. pooVepa. 
washerldryer. gareg • • partially fumiohed, $2SO per 
perlOrumo. 458-0731 . (5124-6/3) 

Summer Sublet 2 people lO .... re_becIroom 
In Renaissance: bathro0m/3 cJoMts in room; 
_Idryer. poola. gym. garage. S2117.5O-" + 
1/3 utilities. Katina 455-5331. (~) 

Female noommate for Fall Otr. wanted I $250.$2Il0l 
month.t Renaialanee Apts. Call Catl1y 587 ·2e33. 
(5124·5127) 
Room for rwnt. Me-. bedroomIbed_. CorMr 
01 Regents and G_. S4!O-t8OO. 457-0304. 
parking, MAP. (SI24-eI3) 

;SurTwner s.AIIeta. Big 4 bdnn _. U-. 
City. Larv-Iingte _ S350. II~ utiIIIea ...... 
bdrm and t.tII 1375 • 1 14 ~I. or doI.CIIe for $200 
ea .• 115 uIiI. CIoIeIO UCSO.llUllneand 1IICIppIrtg. 
July l-Sept. I . Cal4I2S-072O forMlclleleor AdrUa . 
Mall/Femlle OK. (!124-6'1) 

Spacious ~ It UTe for,.",: 4 bed __ • 
2 bathrooIN. carport. S14751mo. for ou"",* or 
year. 458-4232. Available July lat or eariier 
(negotiable). (512+813) 
MASTER BEDROOMavalabie tn I IOOIQ.1t lUxury 
condo lor sum"..,. Close to 1ChooI, busline. All 
amenitieo. Conaiderate. friendly non-amc>I<ers eel 
558-8057. Single or ohare. $ negotiable • o.b.o. (51 
24-613) 

MALE ROOMMATE WANTED TO SHARE Sbr. 
4ba. 3 str. lIou .. 10 min. !nom UCSO wi pool , 2 
spas. pool table, and ocean view. Available June 
31d. Call Scott at 450-9902. (5124·5127) 

Share house, own bedlbath. graduates. non· 
smoker. MIF. 5350 incl. utilities. June, call 689-
9708. (5124-5127) 
3 bedroom condo off EaalOate Mall available 
Seploimber. Pool . washerldryer. 51HOImo. Nina 
792-6453. (5127-613) 
3 bedroom condo near La Jolla V,lage Square 
available September. garage. 51 3OOImo. Nina 792· 
6453. (512+613) 
Roommate wanted to shere Irg. apt. in PacifIC 
Beach, 8 min. to UCSD. OWn room/bath, $375.00 
but nego. Pets. smks. okay. Avail. June 15. Nancy 
581·2819. (5127-613) 
Roommate needed as of June 6 for summer or 
(preferably) longer. Fully fumiohed townhome. walk 
to UCSO. S365.00/month. Roy 452-8836. (5127-61 
I) 

Female roommate needed June 15-Sept. 15 to 
share fumished IOwnhome near school with 4 
others. S3OO/month. Morgan 452·8836. (5127·611 ) 
LIVEIN DEL MAR l Room in condo, S3261mo. Pool. 
hot tub. laundry. MlF. Johnnie 481-4345. (5127-61 
3) 

FOR RENT· Single room for female In Pepper 
Canyon Apts. for Fall 93 ONLY. Megan 457·8091. 
(5127-613) 
SUMMER HOUSING: Own room/bath in nice 2 br. 
in UTC/uCSD. 457·1067. (5127·613) 
CHEAP FUN this summer I Fernale roommate 
wanted ID shere master bedroom in 2 story condo 
near campus. Only $22OImonth. can Beth 558-
7656 or Ali 458-6879. (5127-6/3) 
2 Femakt roommates wanted to share large 
unfurnished master bedroom with own bath in 2 
bedroom apt. across from Ralph's , 2 blocks from 
UCSD for fall '93 to spring '94. $282 per person + 
1/3 utiities each with std . 6mo. edv. pay·t. Call 452· 
6028. Alter Fri .. May 28th call (714) 249·2708. 
Oon' hesitate to call collect. (5127-613) 

Roommate(s) wanted for summer. 1 bedroom in 3 
bedroom apl Del Mar. 1 person $400 . 2 people 
$275eaell. l block to beach. Pool, free cable. 259-
45112 Jeff or Paul. (5127-611) 
Take H while H's HOTI EVERYTHING you need · 
gorgeous Del Mar townhouse, ' II appliances. 
garage. pooVopa, tennis. lots of light. privat .. yard , 
3bd13 full bath. 2 Story. close to beach, Carmel 
Valley ed. Need up to 4 fernale roommate. for 
summer rental. Single or double. Rent negotiable. 
Call Maria@ 457·7958. (5127) 

Villas of Renaissance Summer Sublet 6115-9/15. 
Own room in 3BMBA. pools. jacuuis. gym. 
washerldryer. parking garage. S3351month + 113 
utilities. Call Cindy or Melissa 558·1321 . (5127-613) 

Summer sublel at Villa. of Renaissance. Share 
noom June-Sapt. 5255 + 114 utilities. Mitch 622· 
9522. (5127) 
Roommate wanted 10 share apartment m~une 
10 mId·September. Only 5 min. walking distance 
from UCSD. R""t is just $350Imonth per person 
and includes all utilities except phone. Call today 
558-0977. (5127) 

Summer sublet in large UTC apartment • La 
Regencia. Two peopielO share master bedroom or 
own room $240/$440. All amenities· gym. spa, 
pools. A/C, washer/dryer in the apt! Available mid· 
June· Sept.l . Call 625-0916. (5127-6/3) 

Summer Sublet· 2peoptelO share maaterbedroom 
in 3BR townllouse near Von'stUTC. Balcony, 
washerldryer. poot. $225Imo. + pert utilities. (July 
l·mid·Sept.) Call 558-8909. (5127-611) 
A house In Del Mar. W.II<ing distance to the beach. 
Fully furnished . Double rm. $570 or single rooms 
forS260 and $310. eal for info 792-6402. Ask for 
Ara or Derek. (5127-613) 

Solana Beech. cozy apartrnenL 2 bedrooms. partial 
ocean view. yatd, fence. near beach. 259-8217. (51 
27-613) 
Two rooms available in a large 4 bednoom 
lIou". Next 10 Pacific Beach. beautHul vi_ 
ov .. Minion Bay, good neighborhood. Washerl 
dryer, nice home. 5375. month to month. 273· 
8311 . (5127·613) 

Rooms for rent in spacious house aerosa _t 
from UCSO. Call for info. 552·0920. (5127-6/3) 

Summer SubIet~Larg. master suilol w/lireplaCe in 
new 3 bdrm. condo. Private beth wlf1Wn jacuzzi 
tub. Waaherldryer. pool. epa. parking. $400 mo. + 
utllItIN. S350 to share. $50 • .". Wlumiohed. Luke 
0622·854' . (5127-813) 
Two glrll n.eded to Ihar. larg. ma"er 
bedroom In apacioul condo 1 mil. 'rom 
UCSD. $3251mo. + 113 utili'I ••. Tennia. poo l, 
racquetball. jacuzzi and garage included . 
Call 453·8343. (5'27·"'3) 
Mallar baClroom 10 Nnt _,long.,. IncIuCIee 
..... ldry«.~. "*'-- Atao gym. 
pooII,lpeI. _more. Moreinlo 55N732.137UO 
.... ~.S400.aoown~. (SI2HII 
3) 

RoommaIM .....-I: 128511 . 1570/2. c.n t. 
IrIIndI or lingle. Nice ape. in - bldg. tncUIing 
bull..., WIIMIrY. raomWf...,. -.fty bldg .. pool 
&jacuuI, gNatgym. doaelll vOIIIa 34A buallllP. 
Cal Tam It 457-8123. (5I27-M) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room availlble lor aurnnw. V.;y c:IoM 10 UCSO, 
buIItne. shOpping cenlatS. ~. _ . -' 
balcony, nice view. paIIcing. pool, hot tub. WID, 
friendly roommates. $375. Female nonsmoker 
preferred. 622~. (~-M) 

NEXT YEAR: I or 2 __ roornn-.S) naected. 
MaaW bdrm. UTC oondo. 13931S275 • . 113 utit . 
587·211!i8. (~-e/3) 

Su"",*roommatMwarud. Specious. with pool. 
jacuzzJ. pallo, garage, laundry, 5 miMe drive to 
school orohUltle. ctoseto shopping. peta wetcome. 
$345. 587-4725. (5127-613) 

2BOI2BA Condo Master bedroom & beth. UTC. 
newoondo. minutes UCSO. Pool, parking, S3OO.00. 
453·9227. (5127) 

Summer rental. University City house. 5 becInoom. 
3.5 beth. pool. _ . $1511~month . Laah 825-0720. 
(5127-613) 
Spacious room. Summer beach home on Nautilus 
St Oneortwopersons. 112 bIocklObeach. Available 
June 12. FumioheCllWasherdryerlqulet. $290 share 
or $500 single. 456-9334. (5127-611 ) 

2BRl2BA house. Leucadia:coastbusaccess. Pool. 
Seclusion. 8193-8194. $1000 mo. 943-{)703. (5127. 
613) 
For rent/tease. North Park. $250.00 + util~ies. I 
bednoom'1 bath, 370 sqf. new. separate entrance. 
air conditioned, refrigerator & microwave in private 
home. Ouiet, _u"'neighborhood. street parking. 
5-minute walk to public iaundry & transportallon, 
2O-minute drive 10 campus. Seeking lemale. non· 
smoking, no pets. no Illegal drugs.For more benefits 
& details call eves 299·8304. (5127-613) 
Need a room tor the summer? S300 • Sublet. 
furnished room in 4BR Univarsity City house. 
Washerldryer. cable TV . own phone. cool 
housemat.s. Medstudem will be gone 6/22·9115. 
Rent and dates negotiable. Call mel Andrea 558· 
2545. (5127-613) 

SUMMER SUBLEASE: Mesa grad apt. 2 bedroom. 
6114-9115. 5550/month . Call Yuko 587·215 1. (51 
27) 
Room available lor summarl Perteet place to stay 
lor summer. close 10 everything in dwntwn LaJolia 
and beach. Bright and charming. 459-0370 Kay. 
(5127-613) 

LOST AND FOUND 
$700 IN REWARDS! $500 for info leading to the 
retum of Macintosh Powerbook 170 stolen from 
Tioga dorms 515. $200 for woven cream colored 
btanket·alsostolan. Noquestions asked. Cal 558· 
7525. Ask for Marie. (5113·5127) 

LOST : Women's olf·white denim jacket. 
Santimental value. Please call 554-{)2n. (5124-51 
27) 
STOLEN: Subway costume at Sun God Fest. 
Rewaldfor retum. No questions asked. 457·8397. 
(5127) 
Political Science 1 I bluebook exam (3/15) found 
near t.tcG1I. Check the Muir lost and found. (5127) 

PERSONALS 
THANK YOU 10 the nameless genUeman in the 
striped t·shlrt who helped us out when Blues 
Traveler sta"ed, From two pe~te Asian women. (51 
27) 
To Poof·Woman belore her linal "poor : Saula 
nakun ma·aan. Insha Allah. Min ykw. (5127) 
Brendan: Congrats on graduation! The forst 6O-oz. 
pitcher of Guiness is on me. The V·Bar in PacifiC 
Beach thiS Wednesday. -oa Hammer (5127) 

And we offer a fond fa_II to the departing photo 
edilOr who has for SO long graced our hallowed 
pages with his magnificent photos of many pretty 
and interesting things that just happen to be 
occurring on this mostbeautiful UC campus. (5127) 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Booksrar) 

• Monday·Thursday 6 am·11 pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sunday 8 am-II pm 

r--------, 
:FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I -,.,. buy - 0( oq1JIf 0< --.-. .J 0I0r~_. UI'. ftI/0/9J 
-------

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

AnENTION UCSD GRADSI 
W8·'8 Gal A Job For Youl 

The New Car Dealers of San Diego County are 
looking for men and women to enter the exciting and 

lucrative retail automotive business. 

If you want to live. and work in beautiful San Diego and 
make an excellent income, WE WANT YOU! 

San Diego is the FIFTH largest retail automobile 
market in the United States! 

The New Car Dealers Association 
sponsors the nationally renowned 

California Sales Training Academy. 
We will train qualified UCSD graduates (or almost 
graduates). We offer free job placement assistance 

and scholarships to UCSD grads. 

Call today 619-296-3175, 
Get into the fast lane of a new career! 

TROUBLED BY 

ACNE? 
Get A 

FACIAL! 
Now Only $3 5 ~g~45 
RESULTS GUARANTEED 

Call now 
457 .. 2100 

Eam '" to 15 units this summer 

atSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin throughout the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
• Uncrowdea campus - no parking congestion 

Register by ",aU now, or In person 
beginninG May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 .m • 4:30 pm 
Yo .. ,-F, .. , 

C.II SDSU 
Summe, S ••• 'ons, 

5114·5152 
for Informltlon or to 
h8ve • free catalog 

mailed to youl 

.. 

' . 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 27, 1993 

Bethard, Cross Stopped in Doubles Final 

John Cross was one half of the dOllbl .. team that made It to the national ftnals. 

Cycling's Winkler Wins 
National Championship 
CYCLING: Wmkler wins road race by two minutes 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSDcycling team finished 
off its season with a bang when 
Triton Jeff Winkler was crowned 
national champion at the U.S. Col-
legiate Nationals in Boston. 

Winkler won Saturday'S road 
race by a giant two-minute margin 
after breaking away wilh two other 
riders on the second lap of the 10-
lap, 75 mile course. 

Winkler had no trouble outdis-
tancing his two companions on the 
fifth lap and cruised through the 
final half of the race by himself. 
"On the fifth lap, our gap with the 
pack was getting smaller and I felt 
strong enough to just go for it," 
Winkler said. 

Winkelr's weekend was far from 
complete however. Sunday saw the 
Triton bauling for yet another na-
tional championship during the 
Harvard Square Criterium. Winkler 
began to sprint 600 meters from the 
finish and was on course to capture 
his second Stars and Stripes jersey, 
when Colorado's Tyler Hamilton 
caught up 10 the Triton and passed 
him for the win. 

In the team time-trial on Satur-
day, the UCSD squadofJoe Lerner, 
Nick Moede, Jan Betinger and Mark 
Arrington placed II th, with UC 
Santa Barbara taking the win. 

Winkler plans on continuing his 
cycling as a professional and is 
scheduled to compete in the U.S. 
Professional Championships on 
June 6th. 

MEN'S 'lENNI&: Cross and .Bethard faU in straight sets 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

Theremarkablenmoffritondoubles 
tandem Jeff Bethard and John Cross is 
finally over. Bethard and Cross, playing 
for the Division ill men's doubles na-

noon. 

tional champi-
onship, were 
slopped by 
Ihird-seeded 
Ryan McKee 
and Tim 
Cooley of 
Claremonl-
Mudd-Scripps 
in straight sets, 
7-5, 7~ (7-1), 
in Kalamazoo, 
Michigan, on 
Monday after-

Bethard and Cross began their drive 
10 the finals with a come-from-behind 
win over Ed Peterson and Ebon Gillette 
of Kenyon College, 4-6, ~, 6-2 on 
Friday morning. Hours later, Cross and 
Bethard teamed up again to stop An-
drew Magidoff and Vijay Vadlamudi in 
anoIherlough three-seuer, 7-5, 3~, 6-3. 

The nwnber-four seeds, St. 1110-
mas' Andy Paley and Drew Femelius, 
had the misfortune of drawing the red-
hot Bethard and Cross in Saturday's 
third round match. In one of lhe biggest 
upsets of the tournamenl, the UCSD 
tandem dispatched Paley and Femelius, 
6-1,7-6. The"SatW'dayShocker"pro-
pelled Cross and Bethard into Sunday 
moming'ssemifinal against Wesleyan's 
Tom Reifenheiser and Dave Nesbctt. 

ReifenheiserandNesbctt,stiUriding 
high after bouncing University of the 
South's K.C. Home and Steven Jack-
son from the draw on Saturday, dido'l 
know what hil them as Bethard and 
Cross dispatched lhemin straight sets, 
6-1, 7~. The convincing semifinal vic-
lorysenttheunseededCrossand Bethard 
10 the fmats match against Cooley and 
McKee. 

The championship loss ends lhe 
highly successful collegiate career of 
Bethard, a senior. The defeat also closes 
the book on another season of men's 
tennis. The Trilons, making their 13th 
trip 10 the Division ill national champi-
onships, ended the 1992-93 season 
ranked fifth in the nation. 

Photo courtesy Lemef 

"The challenging course was in 
my favor and I thought I had a good 
shot at winning after I won the Re-
gional race," he said. 

A good showing in this event 
could lead Winkler to a place on 
one of the U.S. professional teams. Triton Jell Winkler CfOSMI the ftnlsh lIne after wlnnl.,. the U.s, CoIIeCIate National Championship. 

TRACK: 
Nationals begin 
ContInued from pale U. 
eluded the 100 meters, long jump, 
shot put, high jump, and the 400 
meters. 

Today's fi nal fi ve evenlS in -
clude the I OO-meter hurdles, dis-
cus, pol e vault , j avelin and 
the 1,500 meters. 

For the women, Sprowl leaped 
into Friday's longj ump finals posi-
tioned 12th with a mark of 17'3". 

Washington sprinted her way 
into the 2oo-meter finals seeded 
fourth wi th a time of 25.0 I. 

Boykin and Monahan ended thei r 
competition in this year'snationals, 
combining with Washington and 
Sprowl for a ninth-place fini sh in 
the women's 4xlOO relay (49.30), 
well off their national qualifying 
time of 48.78. Erica W-'*'Cton 

Dan Mc:OoweII/GUMtIan 
Matt Inskeep Jell Taylor 

Be One of the Elite. To l~arn bow to write for the I!pol18 section next year, give us a caD at 534-6582. 

Thursday , May 27, 1993 

ART: Palmercouldn't 
get Babe Ruth out if his 
life depended on it 
ContInued from page U. 
wearing clean underwear during the 
accident. A few days wer, Orioles offi-
cials anJIOUIlCed that Palmer had pulled 
a hamstring that effectively ended his 
comeback bid. In other words, the Os 
were politely telling the world that 
Palmer couldn't get Babe Ruth out, and 
Ruth had been dead for 43 years. 

BusterDouglas-Whenheshocked 
the world with his knockout of Mike 
Tyson, Douglas could have written his 
own ticket to super-stardom. A real-life 

Rocky, Douglas figured to be one of the 
most popular (and filthy rich) heavy-
weight champions ever. 

After holding the title for eight 
months, the 246-pound Douglas took a 
dive against Evander Holyfield and 
laughed all the way to the bank. Now he 
weighs at least 320, and at the rate he's 
spending his money, I have no doubt 
he'll be making a comeback soon. 

But the most shameful, pathetic and 
tru1yignominiousexitfromprofessiona1 
spans goes to Ben Johnson. 

After running a stunning 9.79 in the 
lOO-meter dash to win the gold at the 
1988 Olympics, Johnson fina)ly de-
throned the king of track and field, Carl 
Lewis. Except. of course, Johnson was 

The UCSD Guardian 

on the juice. Bamed for two years, 
Johnson reappeared in 1aJe 1990, look-
ing smaIlc:r and slower than ever. 

Until early this year, when Johnson 
started 10 win a few races. It was no 
suprise that those delts got bigger and 
bigger and those eyes got yeUower and 
yeUower. Now two-time steroid of-
fender, Johnson has been permanently 
banned from racing. Whatwashethink-
ing? Gee, ~y won 'I catch me this time. 

Writing this column forthe)as[ eight 
months has fulfilled a lifelong dream, 
but it's time 10 move on. So I'U get out 
while I still can, with at least a shred of 
decency. Besides, I'm in training for a 
fight with ''Tex'' Cobb. The winner 
takes on Larry Holmes. 

In the Bleachers By Steve Moore 

"Well, it's his knee ... go get a gun." Mark Price taunches a three-pointer from another area 
code. 

OM F.ASMFOOD PlUMS 
A IDI'LCDIm tu 

All'ROO1' ~ ~ lIlIAN K.1trI'IU "1EI1W.SNlTS" 
ow MOOKI1IY J}TPlAlOri' BLAIlauY IIIE!IDJ. J,U;HJIIAN A.d URi ~ Al11EIIJIMmEDIJI 

IIrtdor rJ",,*,,¥Y DAN MmOWDL 1Innder(JJJ) ~ T ...... IQ BOYOlJK ~F..pert RIIIlOI'O 
Super~PlaIllllWlS .... BoyOll:!OIIIJI' IllIinl_ HOLDKOO r .... r_hUtlUtlUiAN 

rr.bed By GIMY ImnrAY 
DIrected By lOT L QHION 

SPORTS 15 

~e-nnifer J s ~~'" 
~~",,~bt4Ydl"'C4r 

5538 La doDa Blvd. • Bird Rock 

Complete Line of SWlmwear 
Separates 

Action Wear 
over 30 brands 

. Summer hours 10-7 55'-'004 
I ---DISCOUNTCOUPONi 
I IS O~'() Good on I 
I 7~ any purchase I 
L.!:arkin8 ~r~~ __ ExpirMJun.15,1913~ __ 

From 3·6 pm Monday through 
Friday with student ID h' h 
Two complete dinners for only 
$9.90 with student ID 
Good Ihrv 6/'J4/93 faat V2 

OLD TOWN / SAN DIEGO • 298·0133 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. Includes IMW 
spark plues, Nt t1m1rne. ecope 
......... ..- hood clleck. 
VMS , 8- plug er(ines . platin~ pkJC,s extra. 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C & D Auto Car. 
Mon.oFri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 
6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 

(behind Goodyear) 
San DIego, CA 92121 
(819) 5&&2438 

• most cars 

MeAT 
JOfro OF THE STUDENTS 

WE'JIE HELPED ARE 
IN MEDICAL SCHOOL 

1000 Ihs or less? 
We're the small 
load speCialists! 

• We ship anything from 1 to 1 ,000 
Ibs.-a single piece to a roomful of 
furniture 
• Professional custom crating and 
packaging 
• Insured 
• Pickup service I free estimates 
• Tape boxes, packing materials 
and more lor do·~-yoursellers 

12750 Carmet Country ~ Ste. 113 
San DIego, CA 92130 

15% STUDENT DISCOUNT 

CALL QR WRITE: MCMT 
MEDICAL CAREERS 

ADVi\NCEMENT AND 
TRAININC 

4500 CAMPUS DRIVE, IllS 
Nt:WPORT BEACH, CA 92661 

(714) 476-3027 
WEEKEND COURSE: 96 hours, July 10 - Aug. 28 • 1360 

3 WEEK COURSE: 178 hours, July 2S - AUI. 14 S450 

5 WEEK COURSE: 253 hours, July ~8 - AUI. 21 $650 

1 YEAR PROGRAM: Jl3'hours, July 12 - AUI. 27 • $2,000 



16 

I ' 

" 

",..' .... aT 
.rIII."" II. """,. 
l1li ..,. " ",.,.", 
,,,,.,,,,, ,. """,t:I? 
It do~sn 't-not ~ven 

clo~e. Kaplan MCAT 
students know better. 
They know that the 
MCAT tests your 
thinking ,kills, not your 
memori%ation skills. 

0, II. 1II,.t II. """ ""II II.,IIf111.III"t:lllII "'.II? 
You don't. You don't need 
school all over again; you 
need MCAT prep. You need 
hundreds of hours of focused 
test-based instruction 
including live c1as.ws, frtt 

. tutoring, home-study notes 
that are AAMC 
curriCulum-matched, practice 
on MCAT material, Vtrtual 
R£ality T~ting, and extensive 
audio and video rcso1D't:rS. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 27,1993 

WII, II. D,II • .".11" 
..ell ,I. ,III ••• " 

"",mil'., III •• CArI 
We maintain a 

full-time statI ofM.D.'s 
and Ph.D.'s whose job 

it is to follow and 
scmtinhe this unique 

standardized test. 
They're not researching 
basic science. They're 
researching the MCAT. 
Because relearning the 
sciences is the least of 

your troubles. 

IlrEllHALI ",_ .", II. till JaT .... 
"."",.. 

It's no accident. It's 
because Kaplan teach~ the 
MCAT, and we teach it well. 

That's why over 80% of all 
our students were referred 

by their mends, family and 
pre-med advisors. We don't 

re-teach all of coll~ge 
science. Or trivia. We 

teach what shows up on the 
exam. We teach thinking 

skills. Because you need to 
ase your time, not just IHl 

your time. 

To find out how Kaplan h.',s you pull it all tog.tlter with Tota. "CAT. Training, call 
1.IJDO-ICAP. TEST 

KAPLAN MeAT PREP 


