
Elsewhere 

UCLA Burglarl •• 
Reach AlI-time High 
LOS ANGELES - Although 
the total number of property 
crimes decreased last year, bur-
glary rate at UCLA continued to 
increa e dramatically reaching 
an all-time high, according to 
1992 crime tati tics. The 660 
burglaries - 62 more than in 
1991 - have more than doubled 
the campus burglary rate since 
1990. The current crime prob-
lem i caused in part by a shrink-
ing police force which cannot 
keep up with a growing univer-
ity, according to UCLA police. 

In the last year alone, the UCPD 
10 I 12 offi ers from the force 
due to budget cuts. 

Student Arrested In 
Post.game Event 
SANTA BARBARA - Fire 
and law enforcement 
per onnel's re pon e to 
numerou fire set in Isla Vi ta 
la t Monday after the UCSB 
men's ba ketball team 's victory 
over UNL V re ulted in one 
arre t and one injury 10 an 
officer. Sheriff's deputies 
arre ted a UCSV student for 
obstructing police at an 
emergency scene. "The crowd 
wa not hostile, except what 
they were doing was illegal. We 
don't have anything against 
celebrating ... they just have to 
be respon ible," aid UCSB 
Foot Patrol Station Commander 
Roy Rosale . 

UCD Clinic Opens for 
Pets of Home.e .. 
DA VIS - Two UC Davis 
Veterinary students, Dori 
Borjes on and Randall Singer, 
opened the first clinic for pets 
of the homeless in downtown 
Sacramento. Borjesson and 
Singer started the Mercer 
Veterinary Clinic for the 
Homeless, one of the few such 
clinics in the country. The main 

;>urpose of the clinic is to 
provide services such as 
distributing food, providing 
vaccinations and spaying and 
neutering the animals. 

Inside 

BIG TIME 
SPECTACLE: The new 
improved Central Library j 
the focus of UCSD. 51 

SPORTS: Men's basketball 
beat Menlo, but failed in its 
bid for the playoffs. 18 

Index 
UC 0 BRIEF .......... .............. 2 
UGHT & lREN ................. 2 
PECTACLE ........................ 4 

OPINION ............................ 01 
LA IFIED ...................... 11 
PORT .............................. 16 

, H E 

C ANDIEGO MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1993 V LOME 78, I UE 17 

SPECIAL REPORT 
IN AN INfERVIEW WITH 1HE 

G UARDIAN, 1HE UC PRE !DENT 
DISCUSSES ISSUES FACING 1HE UC 

Peltason~s 
Visit Marked 
By Protest 
TOUR: President tops at 
UCSD to rededicate library; 
meets with faculty, students 

l! It 

REpORT BEGINS ON PAGE 01 
The President of the U ni versity of 

California doe n't get to pay a visit 
very often. The business of running a 
nine campus university 
is not easy. When he is 
not lobbying the legi la-
ture in Sacramento, he is 
managing the home of-
fice in Oakland. 

I to a sure the UCSD community he is doing everything po sible to keep the university afloat. 
The UC has een more 

than $900 million cut from 
its budget by the state leg-
islature in four years. 
That' s enough to run 
UCSD for about four 
years. 

"There's no end in 
So when Jack PeItason 

stopped by UCSD last 
week, it was omething 
of a momentous occa-
sion. This year marks the 
I 25th anniversary of the 
University of California, 
but the sense of celebra-
tion is hampered by the 
harsh reality that the uni-

"We are kind sight" to the UC's budget 
of holding on woes, Peltason aid. "The 

ending ... is when the 
by our finger- economy turns around. 
nails." That won't solve all our 

_ Jack Peltason, problems, but it will olve 
UC president enough of our problems 

versity is in peril. Peltason travelled 
outh osten ibly to dedicate the re-

cently remodeled Central Library, 
but his trip served another purpose- I 

that it will give us a chance 
to catch our breath and put in place 
structural reforms to live into the 
next century." 

- Ben Boychuk , Editor-In-Chief 

By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 
and Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

The rededication of the Central li-
brary was the centerpiece of U Presi-
dentJack Peltason's vi it to UCSD last 
Thur.;day. 

The ceremony ,attended by approxi-
mately 3 members of the faculty, 
staff, student body and community, 
wa marked by a loud protest by about 
100 students angered by rising fees, 
cuts in ervices, the co-op crisis and the 
disestabli hmentofthe University Cen-
ter Board (UCB). 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
opened the ceremony with a brief hi -
tory of the library and some highlights 
of its de igl . He was often dro~ned 
out, however, l)y the student protest. 

Graduate Student Association Vice 
President External Steve Dubb, one of 
the demonstrators, hoped that the pro-
test would make Pelt:!! on aware of the 
problems that have occurred between 
the UCSD administration and a num-
berofthestudentorganizationsoncam-
pus in recent years. 

"We would like [PeltasonJ to notice 
that the university administration seems 
to place a higher priority on building 
gym facilities and destroying tudent 
businesses and student government 
[than on] working together with stu-
dents," Dubb said. 

The protestors directed much of their 
anger at Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph Watson, chanting, "Joe 
Watson must go" at everal time dur-
ing the ceremony. 

Watson, a central figure in theongo-
ing co-op negotiation , angered many 
student organizations when he 
"disestablished" UCB la t month. 

The protest wa generally non-vio-
lent and no arrests were made, although 
a few minor altercations did occur be-
tween students and the security person-

See UBRARY, Page 8 

New Publication Will Focus on the Environment 
By Lamlne Seeka 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD will welcome a new pub-
lication to campus when Eco Logic, 
an environmentally focused news-
paper, makes its debut Wednesday. 
The paper will be produced by the 
Student Environmental Action 
Committee (SEAC), and initial cir-
culation wi\l be 5,000. 

According to SEAC member 
Michael 0 hman the newspaper 
will strive to bring " mainstream 

envirorunental news" to the UCSD 
population. 

"We don't want to preach to 
converted [students]. We want to 
bring a lot of information to people 
who have expressed interest in the 
matter [of environmental con erva-
tion]," he said. 

The first issue will feature a 
centerfold recycle map marking the 
location of every recycling bin on 
campus and Ii ting what material 
can be recycled. 

" Our feeling is that people will 
put the map on theirwalls,"Oshman 
aid, "and by seeing it they will 

learn where they can recycle." 
Oshman added that while the 

paper will focus on local environ-
mental is ues, pressing global prob-
lems will also be covered. He aid 
the idea is to bring environmental 
issues to the student in a manner 
that is neither too scientific nor too 
condescending. 

"[The paper] will put informa-

tion in a manner that i palatable," 
Ohman said. 

Eco Logic will have everal ec-
tions, including an inside section 
department called "Earth urrents." 
This ection will feature hard new 
concerning pertinent i sues. pre-
enting them on an international, 

national and state level, Oshman 
·aid. 

Funding for the paper is being 
provided by the Associated Students, 

See ECO LOGIC, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

'Green Table' To Be 
Inaugurated Saturday 
By Karen SpIegel 
Staff Writer 

In preparation for Saturday'. 
unveiling ofJenny Holzer' "Green 
Table" into the Stuart Collection's 
growing as ortment of works at 
UCSD, a series of posters featuring 
Holzer's an will be tacked up all 
over campus. 

While the publiciry will lead up 
to the inauguration of the "Green 
Tabll'," Stuart Collection spokes-
person Julia Puller stre ed that the 
poster and televi ion pots are 
work of art in themselves. " [The 
publici ty 1 is an exhibition showing 
[Holzer'sl work," Fuller said. 

Fuller, who heads the project 
with Mary Livingstone Beebe of the 
Stuart Collection, aid the posters 
will contain " truisms" such as "Mor-
als are for little people." 

Smaller posters will feature e -
says and laments, works which re-
semble monologues on topics uch 
as change, fear and pain. 'They're 
meant to confront you, and then you 
respond. IThe response) is the an 
work," Fuller aid. 

Holzer will use everal other 
media to prelude her work. Campus 
huttle riders will see her statements 

Flidlly, Feb. 19: 

flashed in the LED igns at the front 
of the buses. 

In addition, Holzer has devel-
oped IO-second television pots to 
be aired on Cox Cable fortwo weeks 
beginning today. The pot. called 
"Art Breaks," will be shown about 
50 rimes on MTV, CNN, A&E and 
Lifetime. ABC affiliate KG TV 
channel 10 will also how the " An 
Breaks" about 10 time . 

The Lannan Foundation has 
funded all of Holzer' temporary an 
works. 

"Green Table" i a rectangular 
granite lab,20 feet by 6 feet includ-
ing benches. The piece is inscribed 
with a se lection of Holzer's writ-
ing repre eming various view-
points. Funded by grants from the 
Betty Russell Foundation and the 
National Endowment for the Arts, 
Holzer's piece joins such UCSD 
mainstay as the Talking Tree ,the 
Sun God and the Snake Path. 

The inauguration of Holzer's 
"Green Table" will take place on a 
concrete terrace neanhe Muir Com-
mons thi Saturday at 5 p.m. Holzer 
will presellla slide howofherwork 
at 4 p.m. in the Humanities and So-
cial Science Building, room 1330. 

11:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft of cash and a watch from a backpack 
in the Undergraduate Library. Loss: $98. 
5:30 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a 1984 Ford Thunderbird in Lot 
603. Loss: $5.000. 
s.tunlay, Feb. 20: 
12:00 a.m.: A beer keg and tap was confiscated from a party in Warren Apts. 
10:35 p.m.: A 42·year-old non-affiliate was arrested for driving under the 
influence and failure to yield at Regents Rd. Transported to County Jail. 
Sundlly, Feb. 21: 
3:45 p.m.: A 94-year-old non-affiliate suffered a laceration to the leg after falling 
at the Birch Aquarium. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
Monday, Feb. 22: 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported an unknown male suspect masturbating in Price 
Center Library Lounge. 
4:45 p.m.: A student reported burglarly to a 1985 BMW from Lot 308. Loss: 
$2.770. 
6:00 p.m.: A student suffered a broken ankle failing down the stairs at Galbraith 
Hall. Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 
Tueeay, Feb. 23: 
10:50 a.m.: A female student reported being battered by a male in Lot 306. No 
injury. 
11:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1988 Chevy Celebrity from Lot 
305. Loss: $7,000. 
2:35 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a vacuum cleaner from the 
Applied Physics and Mathematics building first floor custodial room. Loss: $395. 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported receiving obscene phone calls at Pepper Canyon 
Apts. 
WecInesday, Feb. 24: 
2:07 p.m.: Project Manager reported the theft of construction steel from a 
McCarthy Construction storage facility. Loss: $20,000. 
Tbunca.y, feb. 25: 
3:50 p.m.: Officer reported conceming some possible narcotics discovered at 
the Engineering Building. 

- Compiled by julio Pak, Staff Writer 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March I, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

TO "'~O\O O£n.CTlCN 
l{\\\lE Cl\MtGutG 1{)g(rITlES. 

~\lD · M~Nt.W CALI/IN 
lEAI'S INTO \.lIS \J:(~I!. ! 

~1!E'5 CJ.L'4I111 ~ OI0t4l l'Ll QtT IlE'S AT I\\S 
liE. C~ SAo: FR()too\ LO(\(ER. lIA.\~ ~~'HOOO . 
'M. O'K\~~I~G taJPllnlN ~ 11£ \!llOJGl\f ~T\l\NG 

~r--"l Si.C.~T \1'1 A PN'ER SAG 
n>~~ N~{' \lE ~\O ~LD 
IlEll' \\11" 00 "T"E. T'eST' . 

\ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

, 
• 

, 
• 

Johns Hopkins U. Honors UCSD Doctor 
UCSDSchoolofMedicinesclentistGeorgeE.Glenner, tax in San Diego County temporarily to refund $380 

M.D., has been named a Johns Hopkins Distinguished million the state Supreme Court ruled last year was 
Alumnus by the university·s alumni association. The collected illegally by San Diego County. 
award honors alumni for personal accomplishment, The legislation, Senate Bill 263, is being co-authored 
professional achievement and humanitarian service. by members of the San Diego legislative delegation. 

Glenner is a wo~d-renowned pathologist whose re- The bill applies to all cases where a sales tax has 
search in the molecular structure of the amyloid protein been ruled invalid in a non-appealable decision by a 
and its relation to Alzheimer'S disease has set the stage court. It specifies that a temporary sales tax rollback is 
for all molecular biologists studying the cause of the the only remedy available. The rate and duration of the 
disease today, according to a UCSD Medicine press rollback would be determined by the trial court. 
release. 

Glenner is also recognized for his humanitarian 
efforts for Alzheimer's disease patients and their fam~ 
lies. In 1982, he and his wife, Joy. founded the Alzheimer 
Family Center, a daycare center for Alzheimer's patients. 
Glenner has been an active leader in the political arena 
and was named chairman of the first California 
Alzheimer's Task Force in 1985. 

Senator Pre .. nts Bill to 
Reduce San Diego Sale. Tax 

State Senator Lucy Killea (I.san Diego) introduced 
legislation two weeks ago that would reduce the sales 

Photographs of Jazz Musicians 
To be Exhibited In Ubrar, 

Photographs of some of San Diego's best·known jazz 
musicians and nationally known musicians who have 
performed in San Diego will be on display in the listening 
room of the Central Library through March 28. 

All of the photographs were taken by UCSD Dean of 
Engineering M. Lea Rudee. Rudee said that several 
exhibit photos were taken at local nightclubs and at the 
San Diego Jazz Festival. 

The exhibit hours will coincide with those of the 
Central Ubrary. 

WllterteMp: 
Mon: 65'/53' Tues: 67"/52' Wed: 67'/54' Yesterday: 60'/47' 

Source: National 'Neather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Pfloto Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEff NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

DIIMIfI COIIIULYMT: James Collier 
IU.UlTllATOIIS: Miens Croll. Tara Eoll. Natnan Erlln. Speecl Farris. Jennlter 
Hilt. Dominic LobOIII. "lin Lun<ll/ef1. AdrIano Mulloz. Katie Roe. AI Sponc 
DUMINIJII: Joel Arnold. WilSon Cheur\&. Clf10Y lin. M811:UI LoObIa. CIlfIstopner 
L.oc:k I'MOTOIIIN'I'''. DlIYid Cho. Sklart CleO. Paul Mackey. Jenn~er Matthews. 
Lori MItcMII. Chuck ~. Jennifer V.,n 
COl'\' IIIADIM: MIcIleIIe ChIrC. Non Miller. JeMie Sprlnflef. MaH.., Tomsen 
TYPIIT: TIm Un 

J1Ie!CSD GimIYlIs puilISI10a IbIdII/S aIIIlhnIII/S (lIIr( lilt _ yell Dr alii b' 1IIt_ 
01 \.CSD. ~ 1J1I'/s I'IIWSIJIIlIr ~ ., tim, oIIeOW ~ _ at ~ 1Wl-~ Is 
!my poIIIjIIcI. Cl9Q3. " rwo -*. /lie ocso ~ ~ noI. ~ tit 1IIt_1J 

~~atart /lIe ..... ~~pijelalllirred __ .. ____ .noI. 
recesmy _lilt 0CIirI0ns rJ J1Ie !CSD Q-*l1IIt UMrIIIr rJ CIIIfImt. .. 1111_ 
S\uOenIs. J1Ie ocso QmJ,Jt 1$ U'deO IOieIY Dr -src. Too ,.., oetIpIs sed 1111_ 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVIIITIIIII AllllTAIn': Tn Eoff 
BOlt DeMDRIA, BusJIlfISS M61111(/er 

MICHAEl FOUI.XS, MwwtIsitW Matl8lfM 
MillE MARmIEZ, MlifNtlsIIW DesIIW 

E. LSQH HENRY, C/8SSified ~sent«i~ 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGO WRENN, Sports Editor 
_ IT""" WIIfTIJtI: Jenny GIl ..... Dan Krw ... MaW- RObinson. Brwtt 
Rhyne. Mlch_1 Schw..u. ~_ 
1lAI'FWRrTBII: EIIIne Catruso.IltlsttCerpenla'. Albert GarIbaldi. KI __ • 

BlIlyHw~ ChrI$Jen5ef'l. MetlsNJacobI. Ga)eJohnson. RodefIcI< Lee. 'Ne!'dyMcNei •• 
Thetesa Moore. Murail Moorthy. Julie Pal<. Paul PNINpa. Ely RabInI. Blair Ridley. lin 
Saul. Ritu SaIcena.AlexaJ. Sherman. JuileSllenM1.Karen SpreeeI. Gre&orY~ 

EdilOtteI: S~580. 8ualness 0tI\ce: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD G ........ 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9~ 
__ : Second Aoof. UCSO S1udonI c.nw 1kH~ 'A' 

Monday, March 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Somalian, Algerian Discuss Rights Abuses 
PANEL: Native Africans 
discuss situations in their 
respective homelands 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

Two native Africans poke at 
UCSDThursdayabouthurnanrights 
abu e in their native lands during a 
forum ponsored by the Mu lim 
Student Associalion. 

Physics graduate student 
Mohamed EI-Hadi Lazzouni gave 
hi perspective on the human right 
tragedies currently taking place in 
his native Algeria. 

The econd large t country in 
Africa, Algeria is approximately 
three and a half times the size of 
Texa .and is panofthe Arab League 
and OPEC. It occupies a po ition of 
power in the Islamic countries and 
is leading the way in seeki ng a greater 
political voice for Muslim , 
Lazzouni said. • 

However. rna sive prote ts en-
uedandover300peoplewerekiUed 

after Muslims were not allowed to 
take office after winning in the 
nation's first democratic election in 
1990. The nation has been under a 

ECOLOGIC: 
New paper to focus 
on the environment 
ContInued from page 1 
University Centers and through pri-
vate advertising. Oshman said that 
all of the businesses that were ap-
proached about running ads have 
accepted. 

While the focus of Eco Logic 
wiUbeontheenvironment,Oslunan 
stressed that the paper will be "con-
servative" overall, and that infor-
maikm will be presented in a man-
ner which will !lllow the reader to 
make infonmed declsiG~ without 
being pressured into anything. 

"We want it to be aconstantsource 
of infonmation, rather than the occa-
sional flood associated with [events 
like) Earth Day," Oslunan said 

He said that there are currently 
about 10 people involved with the 
production of the paper, but added 
that anyone interested in becoming 
involved is encouraged to contact 
him. SEAC meets every Tuesdays 
at 5:30p.m. 

tate of emergency ever since, ac-
cording to Lazzouni. 

He stressed the importance of 
people who have power to do some-
thing to stop the torture and abuse 
that is going on in Algeria. "There 
isn't any substitute for justice," 
Lazzouni aid. 

Has an Abukar, former UCSD 
graduate student and current presi-
dent of the Islamic Center in San 
Diego, spoke about conditions in 
his native Somalia. 

Somalia has been a hot topic in 
the news recently because of the 
famine and civil war that led to U.S. 
military intervention, but many 
people do not know the background 
of the di sorder, accorui ng to Abukar. 

"There are II and 12-year-olds 
holding guns supplied by the former 
Soviet Union and the United State 
years ago," he said. 

Abukar said the ystem in Somalia 
broke down for a variety of reason . 

Somalia was a trategic ally to 
have during the Cold War because 
of its location on the Red Sea. When 
the Cold War ended both the Soviet 
Union and the United States lost 
interest in the area, leaving it with-

out the economic support it was 
accustomed to. 

Also playing an important role 
was the nation's 2 I-year rule by a 
single dictator and the clan warfare 
which has broken our since the dic-
tatorship crumbled. 

"The people feel that ju t be-
cau e they belong to adifferent clan 
they want to be treated as such. The 
i ue is about a power struggle be-
tween the clans," he said. 

According to Abukar, the Arab 
countrie do not care and the West 
has no interest except to exploit the 
ountry "Germany and Italy were 

going to try and dump toxic waste 
into the country. but there is no 
official word on whether they suc-
ceeded or not," he said . 

According to Abukar, only 50 
percent of Somalia is affected by the 
famine. The largest problem is the 
clans pillaging supplie. , he said. 

The omali brought thedestruc-
tion on themselves with the clan 
system, Abukar said. "The clan sys-
tem is so strong, it would be about 
two years before there Ican) be any 
stability in the country again," he 
added. 

~llI~WIN(J (~O. 
Ue5D 
"IG'" Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
PILSNIRS 

• \O'~ 

. ; 

., 
" 

" 

':OLLA -.... £\ ~:. -:~.;~: ~e 
,-' ... ~ .". 

~J~~dJ" 
1..;..------"1he best fish and sandwich place in La 10110" 
Sun.,Thun, 
11 am,I2 pm 
Fri.,Sat. 
II am·2 am 

,lunch 
·Olnner 
'Oyster Bar 
• 211w student 10 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazar Copies 
77«1: 

No minimum • 81/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 8'1/2 " x 11" 
only 4ct: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

NEW 3 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES· 60's, 70'~, & MORE· fUN, fUNKY, fUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN. MIlITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
L.-____ M,SAT. 11-6:30.222-0220 ____ --' 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #L COURSE FOR THE 

lfGu@ G.vAJ©& u ~@\YJo@m @®OD[J@@ 
6y Co[um6ia ~view 

Serving the UCSO pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF·THE-FUTURE * 
, INTENSIVE MCAT prep and med school applicalion assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
, An indepemlent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, and faculty members who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

, Reading and wriling work hops taught by a lOp UC D ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

, 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in·class instruction and testing. 
problem solving. reading/writing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions strategies, and tutoring 

, 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and formula sheets, 
reading and writing study guides. MCA T and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrinen by MCAT expens 

, REAL MCAT materials distributed to all enrolled students 
, DLR.ECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
,TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses m CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 

456·4848 



c;jo 
0 0 E 
::l Q. 0 
o-Q.", 
.- "" c: u ~ 

:;S o,;:: ~ 

: I >,0 0 c:.c: ... 
""too 

I • : E~~ 
E I : V) • 000lJ .. 
I • : -0 -=.:: § .2 .c: ::s! .-
I • I u ... . - ~ 
I I .::.B.E 0. , 0 00 >< 
I ._ u.c: 0 ==C:~IU 

, u"" ..... OS 
I "".c: 0 ..... 

.... I: 00 
I I : "0 0 ._ ~ 
i , : £..cc;j.c: "".S:! c: OIJ U..c .-
E .- 0:2 I ] ~.-

'" ti:a Z ]01: 
... ... .;! 0 

I: I , 0 2 -0-= 
r , ¢: "" 1: ..... ~""O 

= u 
a:: 

~ 
• I 

~ 

~ 1 c .~ .! 
~ (~ 

8~ ~~ 
I i .w E 

~ 

-
... 

• 

NO 1 
.:: .. 

... C 
.¥ ·c I i 
.. 
eft 
J! 

~ 
c 
ca 

c 
o 
.w 
Q 
en 
U 
::;) 
"!"! 
i! 
ftI 

.... 

CCf) Q) .... E~ 
EE 

Q)~ 

~8 
<.!'c 

Cf) 
(5 
(.) 
:c 
o 
.~ 
Q) 
a.. 

Monday, March 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Jason R~chie/Gu8((/jan 

The Snake Path winds Its way to the expanded Central Ubrary, which has doubled In size. 

lUEU:OME TO 
GRRnD [EnTHRL: 
WIth the recent completion of the underground 
adcItion ... renovation of the main tower, 
Central l.IJra Y sbnls ready to serve UCSD as 
both a symbol and tool of academic progress 

ContInued from page 4 
The celebration marked the cul-

mination of the colossal construction 
project begun nearly~O years ago, as 
well as the I 25th anniversary of the 
University of California. UC Presi-
dent Jack Peltason, who visited the 
campus for the first time since taking 
office last October, joined in the fes-
tivities. 

Recent construction included the 
addition of an underground complex 
and extensive renovation to the main 
tower. During the three-year expan-
sion, the library staff and its patrons 
endured some mildly annoying in-
conveniences, including noise from 
heavy machinery, unsightly debris and 
obscure entrances. 

Funds for the $36.4 million reno-
vation came courtesy of voters who 
approved state bonds for such projects 
in 1988, and which university offi-
cials emphasize were only to be used 
for construction purposes. 

Finally, Central Library is ready 

for action. Penned in the late sixties 
by architect William Pereira, theorigi· 
nal structure is eight stories tall and 
rests on the edge of a canyon near the 
center of campus. The f\I'SUWO stories 
form a pedestal for the six-story 
steeped tower that has become the de 
facto symbol of UCSD. 

The new subterranean addition 
surrounds the pedestal on three sides. 
As conceived by architectural design-
ers Gunnar Birkerts and Associates, 
the real-life canyon in which the li-
brary sits is metaphorically recreated 
in the design of the new addition, in 
which open pits separate the old and 
new structures. These chasms form 
four "daylight canyons," bringing 
natural light into the underground 
spaces . 

TIle original facility was simply 
not spacious enough to house the 
university's expanding book collec-
tions and still have room to spare for 
the many administrative offices and 
expanding pecial collections, not to 

mention the increasing number of li-
brary patrons. 

"The [main] building was built LO 
house 800,000 books. It was pro· 
jected that building an addition would 
take place in 1977 to 1978,backwhen 
the library was first opened," ex-
plained Jenny Steel, acting assistant 
university librarian forpublicseryices. 

Butat that time, there wasn't a real 
need, nor sufficient funds available, 
to proceed with the proposed expan-
sion, so the project had to be post· 
poned. The real planning for the midi· 
tion didn 't start until well into the 
I 980s . 

"By the time the construction ac-
tually started, we had 1.2 million vol-
umes. So we were basically 50 per-
cent over capacity," said Facilities 
Manager Mike Mogelinski. 

The addition of 220,000 square 
feet of valuable shelf space comple-
ments the tower's existing 185,000 
square feet. The conglomerate library 
complex now has a total capacity of 
1.5 million books, with room to spare 
for nearly 2,300 reader stations. 

After the subterranean wings were 
completed, the contents of the entire 
tower, including furniture, staff and 
computer terminals, w~re relocated 
to the new wings while the tower 
received its face lift. 

Central Library maintains special 
research collections in the social sci-
ences, humanities and fine arts, along 
with the Research Services Depart-
ment, government documents collec-
tion, Mandeville Department of Spe-
cial Collections and music library. 
The campus library system 'sacquisi-
tion and cataloguing operations and 
other admini trative offices are also 
located in the Central Library. 

SPECTACLE 5 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
Daily Sort Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 
8&L Soft pin B&L 104 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue. haLel & 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

emerald. green 
30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lona' S.rvlc. 
• Quality Ey.car. 
• R.a.onabl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

La~ L[]P~J~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. ("ext to Do",it,o 's Pizz a) • 452·9949 
M·F S' 3()'6 p.m. ['p ~ 1 93 
SAT.l()'l With UCSD ID 

---f,::,!n·UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I F!!.-;'~"",?,.~~~~Y* 
""W • • liwr • $20 minimum purchase .. wilhin 5 mile radius or campus 

world ""icM° 

"'P.3i'".3 
Not. val id Wllh 
any other offer 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Halph's Center . 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open dally 8 am·8 pm 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! 

452·0524 between 
Blockbuster 

and 
Anthony's 

4130 La Jolla Village Drive-formerly Penguin's 
r-----T-----'-----, 
I Koala's I Butterfingell FREE I 
II Glace I Flurry I Topping I 

, 

l or $ I . I I 4 - I any 125 I WIt" purchase I I ,. I other . I of any small I 
Tllst 10 calories flavor RIg SIlt medirl1n or 

I per oUHee! I you choose I larg: I 
I I I I 
I Not valid with anyotlwr I ot valid With ,nyother I Not \~lid with Iny other I offer Ont por penon. ofltT. Ont PO' pe"",n oller. Owpe' PO"""" 

E'pires 3/31 /93 I Uplres )/31/93. .J F.'p"e 3/31 {9J 

'---------~----- -----



6 SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, March I, 1993 

HHENH 
How WIll lliE FEE HIKES 

AFFECfYOU? 

Since ['m an out-of-state It won't affect IllC, but l know 
student my life savings went that the hikes in addition to 
into this yea r alone. I don 't Wilson 's budget cuts are 
think I C'J n afford to go here going cause a lot of problems 
next year. for other tudcnts. 

TAM! BATI1SfUZ SAMEER MAlHOTRA 
Revelle Freshman Fifth ophomore 

•................. _.-. 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• G sua p..T TI-IE. • 
• OOTI.-Ol'l GE.T p.. • 
• aU'( p..l'I'( f R pRICE. p..l'IO IS. • 
: .'"'~"" F~.f.c,,'ps : 
• ~~:~:NS . 22-0%. ~! 51ll0~~~~i. pI\oM° . • I PLEASE PRESENT ~,,.~ "'''' I 
• UCSD 10 . 1'10' ,,~~IO • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• 6780 MIRAMAR R OAD BEHIND CARL'S J R. • 
• 8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA V ERDE CENTER • 
•............. _ ..... _. 

Photo and Interviews by 
DANNY RUSPINJ 

I had to get a part-time job 
because of the financia l 
burden. 

J EAN B1ACKlA W 
Muir Sophomore 

It will make life harder next It will definitely be harder on 
year since mey're also cutting my parents, I might have to 
financial aid. get a job to help out. 

HEcroR FARIAS Clllm ENG 
Muir junior Fifth Freshman 

No STUDENT INPUT IN RENAMING THIRD 
Editor: 

A I inle more !han three ",~ks ago, a 
suggestion was made to rename Third 
College to Marshall College. Now it 
looks like this suggestion is becoming a 
reality. I am so angry about the likeli-
hood of this possibility that my fmgers 
are trembling as I write this lener. My 
angeri not because Thurgood Marshall 
was a honible man who does nO! repre-
sent the philosophy of Third College. 
My anger comes from the process 
through which these events have oc-
curred and the gall anyone must have 
who nies to rename Third College any-
thing other than Lumumba-Zapata. 

When I entered Third College,there 
was a process in the works to rename the 
college. This process included a naming 
committee consi ling of faculty, staff, 
alumni and students of Third College, 
town meerings to discuss the possibility 
of renaming thecoUege, position papers 
suggesting possible names to choose 
from and a poll among the students. 
This process lasted over a year with the 
final resuh of Mrutin Luther King Jr. 
College. The name was never changed 
due to resistance of the King family, but 
the process wolted. 

READERS' 

FORUM 
Where is that process now? How is 

it possible that a college with a name for 
23 years will receive a new name after 
a discussion for only three weeks? This 
discussion has included very little fac-
ulty and zero staffmembers, alumni and 
students. Does anyone have a voice in 
this other than Provost Lytle, Professor 
Irons. Chancellor Atkinson and the UC 
Regents? Thurgood Marshall is a sym-
bol for equal rights and justice, yet this 
is nO! being practiced now. 

When Third College was founded 
students protested and rallied to help 
determine the core of what Third Col-
lege would become. Third College was 
founded by students. These students 
had a name for their land it was 
Lumumba-Zapata. named for Patrice 
Lumumba and Emilio Zapata. This 
name was never even offkially ug-
gested to the UC Regents. At least the 
powers that were had thedccency to not 
try and name the college anything else, 

but retained ''Third.'' 
Third College has a name. The name 

does not mean 'Third World" It does 
not mean the "third" college. It stands 
for the history and struggles the students 
had to go through when creating the 
college, much like the history of 0p-
pressed peoples throughout the country 
and world It stands for seeing the light 
at the end of the tunnel and an affuma-
tive action taken to get there. 

Provost Lyrle, Chancellor Atkinson 
and Professor Irons, you ask. for our 
support, but you don't ask us what we 
think and how we feel about the pr0-
posed change. I'm sure you have re-
ceiveda"f100d"ofcorrespondencesup-
porting the proposal, but there are also 
many of us who are not part of that 
"flood" If you Indy have an open door 
to student opinion on this maner, don't 
just tell a few students, tell all of us and 
hold off your deci ion until your hear lIS. 

On Thursday, Mar. 4, there will be a 
town meeting at 7 p.m. in Peterson Hall 
108. I urgeeverystudent,staffmember, 
faculty member and alumni who cares 
about this issue to show up and say how 
they feel. 

Robert Glenn 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS •• • GET HEALTHY! Sensitive·, Affordable Dental Care 
Did you know, .. bi.il~ll\.iJ 

Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlu sel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORkS! 
CAll TODAY FOR AffORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most Insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center La ne, Suite 150 
located at 1·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

.. . that preventive denraltreatment actually lowers the cost of your dencal care <WeT 
lite long Imn . With regular check-ups and cleanings we can catch those little problems 
btfort rhty become big ones, and prevent build-up on your teech from causing tissue 

br~ and bone luss . 
So why not cake care of your mouth at least as weU as you take care of your car and 

brin(:1OUrself in for a check-up and a cleaning .. . so you won't have to spend a smaU 
fora.cne on a new model in che future. 

Your natural smile is a treasure worth protecong ... and wich coday's advances in 
cosmtdc Itchniques , we can even make it brighter than ever at minimal expense 10 you. 
Call us today! 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
James E. San d D.D.S. 

General, Preventive, and Cosmetic Services 
Mosr insuraliCt accep~d • MmIhtr ADA. CDA. San Diego Counry Dtnral Soc~ties 

La .... ViUQ(t Pro{usicmal CmteT • 89SO VilLa La Jolla Dr .• Suiu 2103 · '·5 GI La)oIIa vru. Dr. 
Top Floor. JUS! bthind tilt E~pMn! Bar 

Evening (1 SalltrdaJ appoinnn~"s aooilablt • Call 558-3490 

Monday, March I , 1993 

SPEAK UP 
Chancellor RlchMI Atkinson and 
President Jack PeItason durtnC the 
Central Ubrary rededication (rIIht) . 
Communications eraduate s tudent Paul 
Fotsch raises his fist during the protest 
(below) . 

The UCSD Guardian NEW 7 

increase in minority enrollment. He 
added that outreach, affinnative ac-
tion and other diversity-oriented 
programs have received more pro-
tection from the budget axe than 
other non-classroom based pro-
grams, but that with "the cuts we are 
now facing. we can no longer pro-
tect that." 

Pelta on said that he agreed with 
Guevarra "that budget cultingjeop-
ardize [UC's] diversity goals." 

Carroll also quest ioned Peltason 
about the ongoing dispute between 
graduate student employees. who 
want to be recognized by the univer-
sity in a collective bargaining ar-
rangement. and the administration 
which has thus far refused to do so. 

Peltason said that the decision to 
deny recognition was made;; by the 
faculty and backed up by the couns. 

,·It is an educational decision 
which the facully feels strongly 
about. . . graduate student s are 
thought of as students and they are 
expected to behave as student~," 
Peltason said. 

Sitting Face to Face 
Carroll warned Peltason that such 

a stance is likely to meet with oppo-
sition. 

"The point I am making is that 
graduate students ... will not accept 
the refusal to recognize their role . .. 
and we will see strikes." he said. 

TALK: Student leaders' meeting with Peltason left many with the feeling that not enough is being done Carroll also asked forPelrason's 
opinion on the co-op crisis and the 
recent disestablishment of the Uni-
versity Center Board (UCB). of 
which Pellasonsaid he was unaware. 

By francisco DeVJtes 
News Editor 

UC President lack Peltason met 
with student leaders Thursday morn-
ing for a breakfast discussion that 
emphasized the increasing burden 
students are being asked to bear in 
the university's continuing budget 
crisis. 

From the outset,Peltasonsttessed 
that the university's situation is dire. 
"TItis is the worst budgetary envi-
ronment in the university's entire 
history ... including the Depression," 
he said at the opening of the break-
fast meeting held in the Santa Bar-
bara Room of the Price Center. 

He also warned that "California 
does not, under the present arrange-
ments, have the resources available 
to provide for the next generation of 
Californians the education that was 
provided to previous generation ." 

To help meet the increasing de-
mand on the university, Peltason 
pledged to further streamline ad-
ministration and to continue pres-
suri ng the state legiSlature for fewer 
budget cuts. The problem, he reiter-
ated, is that the "state of CaJifomia 
is broke." 

BecauseofProposition 13, which 
severely limits property taxes, 
Proposition 98, which requires that 
40 percent of the state budget go to 
K-12 education and federalIy-man-
dated enti tlement programs, the leg-
islature does not have much flex-
ibility, according to Peltason and 
Board of Regents Chair Meredith 
Khachigian, who also attended the 
meeting. 

Peltason said the problem boils 
down to higher education compet-
ing "with the prisons for a smaller 
and smaller share of the dollar." 

It'. -V. _ come in Ina appointment) 
and take the next: available stylist 

tU<4 ~1.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra . 
Full service reg. $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylisls. To 
insure laster service , it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm : T-W-T 9-Bpm 

......... -- .... 
... ... --_ ... 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive · La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVDIVIEN 

1lte message was not all dour, 
however. Peltason said that "de-
pite these deep cuts in the last few 

years, the undergraduates have 
had... more courses available to 
them now than they had three years 
ago." 

The prospect of a privatized UC 
system was brought up by Graduate 
Student Association (GSA) Presi-
dent Patrick Carroll. Carroll ques-
tioned whether privatization was 
inevitable in ligh t of the severity of 
the recent cuts in state funding. 

Peltason said he is working to 
ensure that the UC will never be 
privatized, buthe cautioned that "we 
live in a democracy" and that the 
legislature could choose to take that 
route by cuning funds if the political 
pressure became too great. "It now 
takes the taxes of three blue-collar 
wolters to send one kid through 

The first cave 
drawings were 
actually ads for 

bison meat. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534·3466 

college," he added. 
While the UC system is "still a 

heavily subsidized program." he 
cautioned that he does not think that 
the nature of the funding will ever 
allow the system "to go back to an 
absolutely free program." 
. The decline in minority enroll-

ment due to the increasing fees and 
funding cut to campus outreach 
programs was also an issue. 

Student Affinnative Action Com-
minee 01air Poncho Guevarra told 
Peltason during the meeting that the 
declining enrollment will make it "im-
possible for us to recruit 
[underrepresented] tudents to corne 
to this campus, .. I'm saying that our 
campus ... is failing and failing miser-
ably." 

Peltason responded that while 
year-to-year numbers may fluctu-
ate, the overall trend has shown an 

Peltason added that he defers [0 
the administrJtion at each individual 
campus unless their actions are in 
connict with regents ' policy. 

After the meeting, tudents were 
somewhatcriticalofPeltason. Leslie 
Ricketts, a student at the graduate 
schooloflntemational Relations and 
Pacific Studies, said that while·"he 
seemed to have a good understand-
ing of the global issues," she did not 
feel that the UC administration "had 
long-term strategies." 

A.S. Presidenl Mike Holmes was 
equally critical. 

"He had a grasp of the serious-
ness of the situation . . . but I really 
didn 't think he gave any solution . .. 
I didn' t see any leadersh ip role from 
the university ," Holmes said. 

NOTHING'S 
FOREIGN TO US. 
Robert's German, Swedish & Japanese Service. 

At Robert's, we specialize in foreign cars. And our huge inventory 
of shipped parts means your car will be returned FAST . 

And, of course, all work is fully guar:::nteed by 
Robert's Stress-Free Guarantee! 

For expert service on your import car, visit Robert's todayl 

\1-0~~-OFf\ 
, ON I\LL REPI\IR5' W\11-1 11-115 COUPON, ~. __ ",:,--"':':~- __ -..1 

• ROBERT'S B 
o GERMAN' SWEDISH · JAPANESE SERVICE • Nothing 's!oreign to US. 

II o I _ U TOIt 
~ ....... 275·1132 

j - 4630 Mission Bay Dr. 
MON.-FRI.: 7am to 5:30pm. SATURDAYS: 8am to 5pm 



8 NEW 

UBRARY: 
Rededication marked 
by student protest 
ContInued from paae 1 
nel and police officers at the event. 
A "tug-of-war"erupted at the end of 
the ceremony when police officers 
anempted to reclaim a flag embla-
zoned with the UC emblem that the 
protestors had taken. Student called 
the police "fascists," and shouted, 
"Take back our school." 

During the ceremony, Atkinson 
prnised the foresight of the Central 
Librn!)' planners. 

"The campus has grown, and 
this facility now is truly the intellec-
tual center, the geographical center 
of this campus," he said. 

Peltason, the fonner chancellor 
of UC Irvine, called the ceremony 
an opportunity for eve!),one to re-
dedicate themselve to the welfare 
of the UC system. 

"I don ' t know what libraries will 
look like25 years from now, but I do 
know that my uccessor in the year 
2018 will be involved with libraries. 
She will have to be. Librnries then, 
like libraries now, will remain the 
hean of the university," he said. 

Chairwoman of the Board of 
Regent Meredith Khachigian, who 
also spoke at the ceremony, noted 
that the Central Librnry "perched as 
it i on the Pacific Rim, and part of 
the world' s greatest public univer-
sity, it also is a symbol of what 
remain ' to be achieved and how this 
campu and this university can, and 
must, continue to serve," she said. 

As ociated Student President 
Mike Holmes addressed the audi -
ence, emphasizing the imponance 
ofrecognizingsrudem voiceoncam-
pus, to which the student protesters 
responded with applau e. 

"Srudents here today feel thi i 
the only avai labi lity to voice them-
selves on thi campus. r th ink it's 
encournging for liS as students to 
haveaquality library uch ru thi on 
campus. but I th ink we mu t al 0 
recognize the need for quality and 
accessible education," he said. 

Pulitzcrprize winning poet, nov-
eli t and arti st . SCOll Momaday 
was the feat wed speaker ar the cer-
emony. 

Momaday is considered byll1W1y 
to be the dean of American Ind ian 
wri ters. 

During the ceremony, Momaday 
received the UCSD medal from 
Atkin on, an award given in recog-
nition of signifi ant accomplish-
ments in public life. 

Overnll, the students who orga-
nized the protest aid they were 
genernlly statisfied with the out-
come. 

" It seved it purpo e," aid one 
student protestor. "We figure the 
administration gets one-and-a-half 
hours of verbiage up there . . . if the 
students get in eight to !O slogans 
in, they 're doing all right. " 

According to UC Office of the 
President s pokes ma n Edwin 
Crawford. the protest waS the third 
major demonstration Peltason has 
encountered during his tour of UC 
campuses. 

"As the e fees go up, students' 
alli tudes about it are going to be-
come more and more restles ," 
Crawford aid. 

Also speaking at the ceremony 
were acting university Iibrnrian 
Phyllis Mirsky, President of the 
Friends of the UCSD Library Mary 
Berglund and Chair of the Aca-
demic Senate George Backu . 
-News Editor Francisco DeVries 

contrtbuted to this report 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 1, 1993 

FIth SenIor Carol SoIW MCI UCSD 
UbrIry Booeter Kenneth MIl deINde the....,... (111ft). AuIaUnt PolIce 
ChIef John Dyer stftCllel to take an 
American ~ from a student (below). 

THE PARTY'S OVER· 

Photos IlY Jason RitCIlle 
UCSD Assistant Police Chief John Dyer speaks with two protestors during Thunlday's Central Ubrary rededication. 

The Faculty Make Their Case 
PRESIDENT: Peltason tells Academic Senate that faculty-must share some burden in budget cuts 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

Uc Pre ident Jack Peltason reiter-ated to UCSO's Academic Senate Thursday the grim message that 
" this university is in the greatest 

financial/fiscal peril it has ever been." 
''I'm ony that my first visit here is one 

that I have to bring thi new," he told the 
as embled faculty in the half-filled TRIPS 
Auditorium. ·.'I'm not trying to be either 
optimi tic or pe simistic, but to be realistic," 
he said after presenting his four primary 
objectives in fom1ulating next year's budget, 
which must reflect a $140 million cut. 

Refening. to the state's continuing fiscal 
crisis, Peltason aid, "We thought eve!), year 
was the worst year. We bent and borrowed 
our way throught the last few years ... we 're 
really overextended." 

"We are doing things that ( never thought 
we would do at a major university," he said. 

He told the faculty members that they will 
be called on to share the burden of the budget 
c risis. 'We can raise student fees ~me, but 
we can't make [budget cutbacks) up all in 
student fees. We are either going to have 
fewer faculty or pay them Ie s," he aid. 

He later promised that " the number-one 
priority is to pay competitive salarie to the 
faculty," and that the university can probably 
expect faculty layof~ to begin in July and 
staff cutback to tart in January. 

Peltason acknowledged that "we already 

have a bare-bones faculty" and that "eve!),-
thing we do will be adverse to our ability to 
recruit faculty." 

He indicated that the university may have 
to take a tum away from its traditional goal of 
being accessible to the top 12 percent of the 
state 's high-school grnduate unless the state 
recognizes the need to provide for the next 
generntion. 

"The kids in K-12 now - we don' t have 
room for them," Peltason aid. 

Peltason 's second objective is to trim the 
administrative costs of the university. "We're 
going to have to learn to run the university 
differently. I regret that. I like the way we 
run," he said. 

"We do not want to run the best-managed 
second-rate in titution in the world," he said. 
"We are not trying to make this the cheapest 
university." 

Finally, Peltason' fourth stated objective 
is to foster a better relationship with Califor-
nians at large by making "more relevant the 
knowledge produced at the university to the 
well-being of the people of California." 

"We can no longer expect the people to 
give us the money and let us do our thing," he 
said. 

A few faculty members pressed Peltason 
onvariou meansofhavi ng tudentsabsorba 
greater hare of the budget cn i . 

He rejected the sugge tion .that the UC 
impose a market-rate tuition of aboutS I 2,000, 
aying, "r just don 't think you can do that 

politically. Students and parents would find 
that .. . a l80-degree tum from a 125-year 
trndition." 

However, hedid mention that ideas under 
consideration include progressively raising 
student fees or charging significantly larger 
fees for incoming classes, but not for stu-
dents already attending the university. 

In response to criticism that enrollment 
has increased while faculty has been cut, 
Peltason said, "We are slowing down admis-
sions and that will continue." 

Graduate Student Association (GSA) Vice 
President External Steve Dubb told the presi-
dent "it's difficult for [students] to accept 
these fee increases when we see money 
wasted in so many ways," such as theRIMAC 
facility and funding "petty lawsuits" against 
the student co-ops. 

"('m not prepared to announce now that 
we are going to strip down the university to 
the lowest cost," Peltason replied . "Other-
wise you're going to give students access to 
a university that is n9t the University of 
California." 

Peltason heard further criticism from GSA 
President PatriCK Carroll, who assailed what 
he saw as Peltason's lack of knowledge of 
issues particular to UCSD. 

"The greatness of this university is that it 
is not centralized. We do not want orders 
from the top," Peltason said. "] think that's 
why I can say [local issues are] not within the 
responsibility of the office of the president." 

SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION 

MONDAY, MARCH 1,1993 PAGE 01 

T'SNEXT FOR 

02KJackPe~~~~!l~m~~O~~UD~effi~~!uU~~~! 
students during his visit here last Thursday, he kept it to himsel£ 

031renew UC ~i!!~Iv~~ew~~ffi ~~br~ti~ T p!!o!t~ti!~ 
_ stay out of the spotlight on administrative cuts and local issues is a troubling sign. 

O~ fuanmreniewmtl1 ~ GluDWan~~J~p!!n~~OU~!S~d~~f~ 
increases, financial aid, restructuring the university administration and other issues. 

07~SruOOrt~onJ~t!!!~~~~~!t~H~!!~ 
their thoughts and comments about Jack Peltason's visit last week. 



02 PECIAL COMMENTARY ECTION The UCSD Guardian Monday, Man:h 1,1993 

UCSD 
fJOOK S TOf"f-

By PmUP MICIIAElS, Opinion Editor 

WHAT DID WE LEARN~ NOT VERY MUUH 
he protestors were out in full force on Thursday, roving about the 
campu lik a horde of Vandals, only not as well-behaved. Everybody 
with a gri and a homemade ign in the greater San Diego County 
area, it ms, converged upon the library red dication ceremony to 
make their beef known Lo ue President Jack Peltason. Signs were 

wav d, logans w re hanted, some protestors even played a high-spirited 
gam of "Capture the Flag" with veral highly unamused police officers. 

This was no doubt thought-provoking tuff shape. The regents just keep rai ing fees to pay 
and nonnally would have commanded my com- for their winter homes in Aspen, their imported 
plete and undivided anention. but afterquickJy sports cm and their fine Cuban cigm. And 
con idering my professional obligation and there' not a damn thing you and I can do to stop 
ethics, as well as referring to my instincts as a them." Now lhal would have been earth-shat-
joumali t, r came to a sudden, indisputable tering. But ifPeltason had anything incendiary 
conclusion about the events which surrounded to teU us. he kept it to himself. When asked about 
me. Screw it. I decided. I've got bigger fi h to the "disestablislunent" of the University Center 
fry. Board, Peltason begged off, calling it a "local 

While the rest of the world was thrown into issue" which fell under the jurisdiction of the 
a dither of protest over Jack Peltason' vi it to chancellor. "I don' t have any knowledge about 
UCSD, med ia elite like myself were hu tied that," he told us, which is highly doubtful. 
off to interview the new UC president. The In institutional bureaucracies like the UC 
president was a veritable fountain of infonna- system, no one wipe his nose without permis-
tion throughout the 20-minute interview, during sion from on high. If Peltason i n 't fully in touch 
which I learned the following: with what' been happening to the UCB, it is 

• The UC sy tern is in the dumpster, finan- afe to as ume,atthe very least, that he has been 
cially speaking. briefed. 

• We're faced with $140 million in budget Similarly, when asked about the aforemen-
cuts, which i the rype of money one can't earn tioned protestors, Peltason took a diplomatic 
just by holding a bake ale. stance. r secretly hoped that the president would 

But I pretty much knew all of this before I snap and, with a mad look in his eye, bellow at 
met with Pehason. And since this is uch com- the top of his lungs, "We should release the 
mon knowledge, my interview with the presi- hounds on that contemptible rabble and spray 
dent was hardly earth- hauering. Atnopointdid their loathsome bodies with firehoses." But 
he pulllhe Guardiall editorial board aside and alas, no such luck. Peltason gave us an answer 
say, "Listen, boys. The university is in fine that we can all be proud of. "We are sensitive to 

•• Solutions from your ....... C.mpus A._lIer: the perfect ___ Intosh system to fit your budget. 

studentconcerns,"hesaid. "Wedon 't always do 
what they want us to do, but we certainly pay a 
lot of attention to them." 

Peltason talked reluctantly about raising fees, 
cutting faculty salarie and laying off some 
administrative and taff po itions. While I can 
sympathize with his dilemma (you have to get 
the money from somewhere), I have some con-
cems about this approach. Fee can only be 
raised so often before you begin to limit access 
to higher education. This isn't a matter of a 
bunch of punk kids whining about having to 
shell out a couple more dollars each quaner -
higher fees are puningthe University of Calif or-
nia out of reach for an increasing number of 
students. 

On the other hand, Peltason talked about 
reorganizing the administrative structure of the 
university, although he was not clear whether 
this meant a few cosmetic changes or a complete 
restructuring of the systemwide administration. 
If the president is simply talking about cuning 
back on paperwork, then this is no big deal. If, 
however, this means eliminating needless ad-
ministrative posts, then there might be hope for 
the UC system . 

But these are just generalities. in which the 
president dealt a lot during his tay at UC San 
Diego. Thi was predictable, really - one 
doesn't ascend to positions of power in the 
university by shooting from the hip and stirring 
up trouble. Peltason seems like he's a likable 
guy who's somewhat on the ball, but that's 
about all I can tell you. As for actual policies, 
we'll have to wait and see. And that could be the 
hardest part of all. 

1Wo in~ensive combinations 
that will help you survive even the 

most grueling semester 

PfWerr»li and Mllshroom. 

Introducing tl1e most affordable color Macinlo h' sys-
tem ever. The n w Macintosh Color Classic' computer give 
you a sharp, bright Sony Trinitron di play, built-in audio, file 
haring, networking and more. And the new compact Apple 

StyleWriter' II printer deliver tUlming, laser-quality output 

7be affordable, new AaJIe ~'leWtiIer U anti AfrJIe MaanJosh Color Classic. 

while still fitting within your budget. See thjs new system 
today at your Apple Campus Reseller. Where you'll get spe-
cial student pricing, as well as service during college; And 
di cover the power of Macintosh. The power more _ 
college tudents choose. The power to be your best. _ 

computer center • 534-4291 • mon-frl 8am-6pm, sat 10am-Spm 
""0" ,'-"'h"""~I""f'o'-"'.bU"'~lld"'<f:«I<m", _1M cJOQ!~rl ....... ,",..urwlO .... wlA(fI/t ... A(fI/t 'I«mG6.~ ... I1tt_ /f "' _ b<JI ., ... ~""_,, 

~tl_"" n. •• ~ .... _,. Itt._"'~"A"""''"' "",_ .. -,_". foorrc..r-

Monday, March 1, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPECIAL COMMENTARY ECTION 03 

By ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor AND FRANCISCO DEVRIES, News Editor 

DODGING THE SPOTLIGHT OF BLAME 
niversity of California President Jack Peltason said the UC budget is 
suffering the worst cuts in university history, "including th Depression," 
in his Thursday meeting with the Guardinn editorial 00ard. Although he 
aclrnowledgOO the necessity of across-the-OOard programs and personnel 
cuts to offset the crisis, the president failed to provid a pecific plan to 

COW1ter the budget shortfall. In addition, Peltason professed littl knowleclge of 
UCSD-specific issues. 

Faced with skyrocketing fees and the loss of 
some of the Ue's most distinguished faculty, the 
UC needs a significant restructuring of the admin-
istration to reduce bureaucratic waste. During the 
interview, Peltason initially said he was taking 
stepstorewor1ctheadministration. "We're looking 
at [restructuring] in a fwxIamentaJ way," he said. 

One question later, however, he backtracked 
and claimed the administration will be subjected to 
a series of minor cuts. "It's a whole bunch of little 
things, it's IlOIjust one dramatic thing you do," he 
said. 

Peltason described the UC institution as"ftnely-
honed," that is, flO( in need of serious change in the 
face of the budget crisis. 

But the ovedleadcost of the UC administration 
needs more than just a facelift. While it's true that 
some pieces of the administratiOI\ such as those 
dealing with fInancial aid, simply cannot bear 

excessive cuts, most of the bureaucracy could use 
an overhauling. 

Someofthechangesproposed byUCBerkeley 
Phy ic Professor Charle Schwartz seem to make 
the most sense. He suggests, for example, the 
retirement of UC vice presidents and campus 
assistant vice chancellors. 

Such administrative cuts wiu defmitely hurt, as 
Peltason acknowledged. However, the adminis-
ttation is the only university department that can 
bear more of the burden. 

Besides budget-related issues, Peltason' s most 
troubling responses were his evasive and unin-
formed answers to the issues of student autonomy. 
He either came here without bothering to check 
with his staff regarding the serious problems sur-
rounding the c<H>ps and University Center Board 
(UCB). or he chose to feign innocence. 

He continually deferred to campus administta-

laASH 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST PURE 

WEDNESDAY MARCH 3 BPM 
MONTEZUMA HALL 

tion or regents policy witllOut ever addressing 
autonomy for student boards, despite the fact that 
much of the canlPUS administration' reaction to 
the UCB and the CCKlpS . ituations is based on 
advice from the university's genernl counsel. 

Out of desperation, we finalJy asked ifPeltason 
would ever intervene ill campus-based i ues. He 
said he wou Id only if there were allegations thatthe 
chancellor was doing something "contrary to re-
gents' policy." if he had taken the time to check, 
Peltason would have realized that is exactly what 
students on campus have been alleging for quite a 
while. 

And the seriousness of the administration's 
actions have been acknowledged by the courts. 
Last year, a court granted the CCKlpS a temporary 
restraining order after a break-in, and thi year the 
court has agreed to hear the UCB 's case for control 
over student fees. 

Peltason is clearly intent on staying out of the 
spotlight on administrative cuts and UCSD cam-
pus issues, but the time has come for the university 
adm iniso-dlion in Oakland to take a stand and work 
to resolve the problem. Without intervention from 
a higher source. L'le cold war between the cCKlPS, 
the UCB and the adminisrration may never end. 
And without a serious restructuring of the admin-
istration, the value of the UC education will only 
decline. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-1 am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

II NOIODY . KNOWS LIKE : . . DOMINO'S 
,!, ~ 

:,.-~~ 

UCSD's KILLER DEAL UCSD's PARTY FEAST 
I I I 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 2-TOPPING PIZZAS : 
I: FOR ONLY $13p19"s l~ I and A 6-PACK OF COKE™ I 

•• : FOR ONLY $l7.pI?,,? III 
I CALL US! : CALL US! l~~~-.:_._~L~;;~~-.: ____ ~J 

Umlle<ldottllfY .... 10 1IflSU(' uIt drMng: Our <tIYo<I c#'Y 10 .. Iha. $20.00. 



Monuay, March 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian SPECIAL COMMENTARY SECTION 04 & 05 

I N T E R v I E w w I T H c p R E s I o E N T J A c K p E L T A s o N 

By Ben Boychnk Eric Schmidt, Francisco DeVries , and Philip Michaels 
au.cIIM: Coukl you give us YO'" ........ ant of the 
at, .... the uc system? 

Pe1ta.son:We'reinthemiddleofagenuine,severebudgetarycrunch 
in the state of California The dimensions of this were unanticipated, 
and I think now are only reing realized by the whole of the people of 
California The university is having cuts of a size and severity that it 
hag} 'thad in modem times. I said this morning, we used to say "since 
the Depression," now we say "including the Depression."Andthere's 
no hiding that fact. It huns, and it damages. It means that our faculty 
now are getting salaries that are eight to 10 percent below the top 
canpetitive salaries. Our students are paying more in fees. Our staff 
has been reduced in size ... 
.... b • uf .. ...".., ... taMn 
.11, nlC ............. uf,... 
...... uf .. 0IIII. uf .. ....... 
............... A.AIIn 
.... ......, ........ ....... 
.......... 11 ........... ~ 
.PlI" , ........ I(J .... .... 
...... .,. ........... , .'by 
.................... ..r.ct .. 
,,'.5' ................. uf 
C • ....., 

I cbl't think: they 're the coosequences of 
ow budget cuts. They haven', helped. but 
they haven', caused the budget CIllS or aI 
leaslmost ofil., .. When [go to Sacramento, 
I hear criticism. I hear criticism that the 
facuIIy doesn'l teach enough. the adminis-
tration getS paid too much, but that's not the 
main message. The main message is "we're 
sony, we don't have enough money to give 
to you." noc thai "we don't want '0 give it to 
you. " B~ any negative publicity hurts. 
'IIIIM __ IIIIk .......... 
....... aIIIL •• ...,. "r.... _ uf 
...................... 
...................... uc 
• 11 .......... ldIedoverllO 
.. em ..... .... spI8nL ... DId 
,.. ..... ..,.1 C IIbout a.n 

A 1« of )lCq)Ie think that. My tracing of 
iI. .. is tbal the IcgisIalure first took some 
money !bat would have gone to us because 
of dispIeasurIC over the fact that we were 
funding merit raises. And I support that -
we give a Verj high priority to the merit 
raises. 1bat' s a kind of a core for a wUversity 
like 0lI'S, !hal merit sysrern. We had gone a 
ye. and had ncX been able to fund the merit 
sysrem, and when we went ahead ... I think 
that was used by SOOlC to justify [the cuts]. 
And then I think: the audit report and the 
ocbertbings hit lIS when we were kind of like 
aWOWJdedgianl-wecouldn 'tgetitOOck .. . 
,.. .... _ ... 1 .ts2DO ..... 
....... 1. ' .. worfGllr,....Do 
,.. "1111 .... _ • """""_ 
..., 

Well, we cettainly hope not They're 
going to have to go up again this year 
because, as you know, we told the regenlS 
we have a $ 140 million cut still to take. We 
askcdb$ 105 million Weweretold"You're 
ncXgoing to gcdl 05 million. You may have 
to take a $140 million cut, maybe more." I 
hope thai the financial crisis will end some-
day and thaI the stale will then have the 
resourteS to rerum to its ttaditiona1 practice. 
I don't think (fuOOing] is going to go back to 
where it was in the 19805, and I think 
bmesty requires us to say that probably in 
the future students will have to contribute a 
greater sbaJc. I would hope thaI it would be 
• a modest I3fe of inaease, and it wouldn't 
be aI these big jtunp-ups. ThaI's the hard 
part And I believe thai's why we have to 
give a great attention to student financial aid 
to beswethaI as the costs [for] students and 
parerrs go up, then the aid is there for thcR 
who can't afford it And that's wby I have 
given it the highest priority, my so-called 
initiaIive nwnber one. 

This abruJt jwnp-up in fees is, I hope, a 
one-tirne phenomena due to the recession, 
just as the inability to adequately pay salaries 
to our faculty is not anything other than a 
temporary condition. At the moment, we are 

Uti) AND mE RIsING 
om OF GKrnNG AN 
DlJrmON 
UC President Jack Peltason has 
talked at length about the finan-
cial situation facing the UC 
system, The following figures 
highlight the upsurge in fees here 
as well as UCSD's costs relative to 
other state institutions . 

kind of holding on by our fingemaik We're 
on the edge of the cliff. We haven't quite 
fallen off, but if we keep on many more 
years not being able to pay sa1arics to faculty 
and staff and have to mise the fees, then the 
University of California is in peril .. . 
5t1171Jk .. ,... ... IIkw ....... ..... 
ellIIDIItlllld 5 .. ,.. ...... _ 
uf ........... ..., ... tobe 
......... ,...." .... '5 ».110 
tIIIt,,.. muc:II ..... uf a. ....... 
.................. ....,~ 
... to .... to..., 

Well, adminisIraIion has taken severe 
cuts, and it will take even more severe cuts. 
Again, you have to remember, that's not 
some faceless thing called "administration. .. 
It's people who process the fmaocial aid 
forms and buy the books and run the resi-
dencehaDs and soon. Butwe have made our 
cuts as far away from the classroom as we 
can. We've had about a 10 pcrcent cut in the 
Office of the Presidem. I've just now or-
dered anodIer 10 percent cut FUIthmnore, 
I've put together a committee with some 
faculty on it so that faculty will, in a way, 
choose this and not have a critical audience 
looking aI our operatiOIlS. 1l1aI' s true on the 
campuses, as well ... 

We cover about a third of the $900 
million wedon't have from student fees. We 
put 30 cents 01\ the dollar of every student 
fee we receive back in student finaocial aid. 
We've increased financial aid substantially, 
btl students have had to pay more. I would 
like to also point out that we have still done 
something !hal is, I think, very miraculous. 
We have kept the classes going with even 
more undergraduate claSses than last year, 
and we have not denied access to people 
who are othawise eligible. That means that 
everybody's got to WOtk hard at wodcing 
harder. Facuhy are teaching more, staff are 
working more, students are paying more. 
And there's no end in sight The ending in 
sight is when the economy twns lIlOWld. 
Tharwon 'tsolve all our p-oblems, but it will 
solve enough of our ~ that it will 
give Wi a chao:e to catch our breath and put 
in place structural reforms to live into the 
next centuty. 
' .. mln.a .................... .. 
IIwI ..... Do ,.. ..... a. ..... 
.... co ... to restructure tile 
., ... n ........ C*IJpUS ......... 
....... ? 

We are doing that. We're looking aI it in 
a furxlamental way. We've had involve-
ment of the chao:ellors and the staff mem-
bers and administrators looking aI every-
thing that we do from how we order books 
to how we build buildings to how we pro-
cess it to find more efficient and effective 
ways to run the University of Califmria. 
.., [' .' CIWIII5JIC --..., It's a whole bunch oflinle things, it's not 
just one dramal:ic thing that you do. The 
University of California is a finely-honed 
institution that has been existing for 125 

.Pen:entCh State ._In 
far .,.ApftAVIfJIWjofts 

_fell all 
.... 1990«1"'= -011 

years. h does 95 percent of what it does 
pretty well, and five pen:ent needs to be 
improved As I said to the regents, we will 
have to adrrtinisIrate more effectively, but 
wecan'tmanageawaytheprob1em. We can 
defer maimenance and cut the number of 
people in these offices. We can use technol-
ogy to find better ways of doing things. We 
can cut out duplication. We can be more 
efficient I don't know any complex organi-
zation that can't be somewhat more effi-
cient We've been looking aI it for three 
years, and a lot of people have 01\ this 
campus as well as in central administra-
tion ... 
WouId ................... be .... 10 
_ufa.ct.rC-tIIot .... ...... 
..... ,.. .... ct.r ..... 1nIne? 

We have different responsibilities now. 
You see, the Univer.;ity of California is a 
complex organization, which we have the 
advantage of not trying to run it from one 
central headquarters. So funds are allocated 
to the campuses, and they, in tum, establish 
priorities. Now aI the university-wide level 
we're putting together with the academic 
council comminees to lookaI ways in which 
we might adoptsystemwide andways which 
may then be adopted aI the campus level 
Things like managing the hospitals, that's 
done at the five campuses. We don't try to 
micromanage the hospitals. On the other 
hand, there maybe better ways to coordinate 
that.. to get some economies of scale. Those 
!tre the kinds of things we're looking at, to 
see if there are not more efficient ways to do 
them. Generally, the pressures are to have 
less centralized and more decenttalized, but 
thaI depends on the problem you have on 

yourdesk. ... 
AN ,... 5oa7dIIC •• cwnpIet8 ... 
...... .,.. .. 1 .......... .,. 
....... jJIII_~ •••• In.mclency? 

We're going to make whatever changes 
thai seem to be prudent and called for that 
will make it more effective. I'm looking for 
effectiveness as well as efficieocy. I don't 
want just to have the cheapest-run university 
or the besI-managed university, I want to 
have the besI university. What you want to 
do is to be sure that the scan:e dollar.; you 
have are being spent in a way to deliver a 
high quality lItldergraduate education, to 
support the faculty and the studenl, to ad-
minister student fmancial aid, all of those so-
called administrative things. Let me also 
point out something - the Univer.;ity of 
California is a stronger institution because it 
is a nine-campus system 1l1aI means we can 
mobilize the faculty, staff and students . .. 
from nine different locations ... 

You all are part of one of the world's 
most remarkable things that ever happened. 
Almost seldom in hwnan histol)' has a uni-
versity of this size and this quality and this 
distinction been built in 26 years. I mean, UC 
San Diego is a world-renowned institution. 
It is right up there among the best, some thaI 
have taken 500 to 1,<XX) years to build . . .. 
And I think that· s im portant to keep in 
perspective because you get discouraged in 
these down times, and you've gO! to kind of 

I keep sense that it took 25 years to come 

$3127 

• Fees far the NIne 
UCCaqJuses 

Graphics by GJ. Nen/Guardian 

here ... some sense of the people who came 
before who sac·riticed and made it pos-

that the middle class are getting squeezed 
out, and that's why we took some of our 
money and directed it to coverthat particular 
increase in fees over the last two years. It 's all 
been given to cover that increase in fees. We 
won't be able to do that in the future. 
Recently, Tre •• urer K.thleen 
Brown reintroduced • ~ 
c.hd C~ Do,. .... ." 
COINIIeIItaontbat? Is tt.t ......... 
tIIInC? 

We are worlcing with all the public offi-
cials, and our nwnber one priority is trying to 
now increase the aVailability of student fi-
nancial aid. When the cost to everybody was 
kept low, then the price tag to come to the 
wUversity was very low for everybody, 
whether you were very rich. middle·dass or 
poor . ... We're getting kind of a needs-based 
system, rather than in the past, we used to 
have [students) just show up. The cost of . 
education and who pays for it are two sepa-
rate things. The cost of education is actually 
down. We've taken $900 million out, so 
we're producing an education that is Iow-
priced. But the price that people have to pay 
to get it is going up .... But nobody likes to 
have the price of anything go up, and some 
people can't afford it, and it will hun. And it 
does hun ... 
TodJIyrm .. ,... .......... .. 
....... ....,... ....... ..... 
out .. ......ac ... llIluf .. IInry, .. 
..... ............... ,.. ... 
to ...................... ..., 
wIIIIt .. ,.. ...... _ to 17 WIIIIt 
wouId,....,to ............ .. 
out .... ? 

Well, demonstrations are not unknown 
I in the Unired StaIeS on college campuses. 

I'm a political scientist 1l1aI' s an instrument 
for expression that people have the constitu-
tional right to exen:i>e as long as 1 hey don'l 
intim,dale or coerce. We are !oellSmve to 
student concerns. We don't always do whaI 
they want us to do, but we certainly pay a lot 
of attention to them. A lot of issues they 
raised were campus issues, and their con-
cern about fees is one I share. Each person 
has to decide how to be effective, and that's 
up to the students to decide whether that 
makes them feel good and effective or-just 
makes them feel good ThaI's a constitu-
tional right which we all havetoexpresstheir 

sible.. .. concerns ... 
Clneuf .. k.ey ..... ,............ .. tam. uf 011.- ..... on C*IJpUS 
--- .. tIIot uf III .... *' You ... ,......, .. ..., not be ...... 
..,.. tIIot 30 percJJJ3 uf a. fee In: will, .. dJdtIon ........ on ..... 

~..,,.. ........... ft. ~IIO .. ' ' .... ,a. ...... 
...... 1IId,1Iul................ ..ay CenW ao.nL It ... ........ 
...... " cuIa ...... the ....., 11 ..... ) boML •• 
percJJJ3 1aIt,.., ., m.... ..... ldon'thaveanyknowledgeaboutthat ... 
,.. ... CDW8I' .. fee Incr •••• WIIIJt As long as they're complying with the poli-
about the ................ ciesandproceduresoftheBoardofRegents 
...... hec:r_ uf that, ...... the of the University of California, my respon-
....... a. ~ .. ~ sibility is to carry out those polices, and I 
eft'edIveenou&h?lsa.mldlleclllle delegate that responsibility to the nine Chan-
..... ......,.n I cellors .. . 

No, we're not being effective enough, ...... ..,... ..... ,.. ...... the 
we'd like to do more. But it's nO! just 30 0fIIce uf a. ProJIdent _110 .., 
cents on the dollar. We've also thrown in about .... tIIot. bcwd CM tJIIra .. 
some other dollars. We 've thrown in sub- ........ or .................. " 
stantial milliollS of other dollars, plus the fact boerd CM tJIIratcr ...... "'anwny, to 
that we've accelerated our effort on privaIe ....... ~ DWr tee.? 
giving and have it directed toward ~dent The regents set the broadout1ines,but the 
financial aid In the first 25 years or 111 the regents don't actually try to tell the people at 
early years, when the state picked up most of Santa Cruz "You must do as they do in San 
the bill for the instruction, the~ was a ten- Diego" or the people in San Diego "You 
dency on the pan of a IO! ofpnvate donors must do as they do in Berkeley." Within the 
not to think thaI scholarship was as unpor- limits of reason of policy, this campus de-
tant as they now are aware it is .. .. The cides those issues, and the regents don't say 
federnl taxpayers are the chief conoibutors they must be the same at all nine cam-
to student financial aid It's a federal pr<>- puses .. . I asswne from what you tell me the 
gram - Pell grants, srudent loans, all those I general counsel advised the chancellor who 
programs. We've worked vel)' closely with advised the vice chancellor who then acted 
the people in Washington trying to perfect on the advice. 
that system. I Ale a... .., c:lrc:un"'lCM ..... 

Unfortunately, Congress made more you would become ___ on a 
people eligible for it and appropriated fewer IIIIuation on CIWIIPIIS Imot .... that? 
dollars, so there wi II be more people ha vmg If there's some allegation of v iolation of 
access to aid, but those wh.o get it will get regents' policy, but if it's within the discn:-
fewer dollars . ... And there IS someconcem tion of the chancellor, that's fme. Only if 

.UCFeem-BIB 

1982-83 ... ---.-/ 

1988-89 --~ .... ""-

there's some allegation that there· s some-
thing being done that is COIlII'a!)' to regem' 
policy. 
-- lie .. uc pr' 'I r:, DnwId 
... _ ..,.. .. UC.,........, 
.... ... Is ...::er _ dan •• lllc 
.... 1\.- ....... ........ 
..... .,.,,... .. .., ...... .. 
tIIot paler? 

No. The issue of what David GartlncI-
said, and has been the general view of 
almost everybody involved in the stale wU-
versity as far as I know, is that these facilities 
were given to us to entrust for students and 
their bene.ficiaries as defined by srare law. 
We don't define that. We're not a private 
institution that is free to just ignore the law 
of the stale of Califmria. 
CIne uf .. c_ ... uf .... "1 • 
........... ".·5 .... 

nally_alit 1.1... " __ 
.... ..... * ....... ~ ..... 
,.. ...... ...... 

It's a major problem .... The numbers 
are relatively small. so it kind of tluctuares 
from year to year. The trendline over a five 
to 10 year period is still kind of up. Bur('ve 
said on many occasions thai one of the mOSl 
important things that's happening to Cali-
fornia is what 's happening on these cam-
pu.c;es because the next gencrarion of Cali-
fornians is being educarcd here .... The 
people of California are going to be of this 
diverse ethnic background, and the Univer-
sity of Calif <mia's ability to get them in, get 
them ed'lC3ted and rum them into the 1ead-
ership pool and Ieam to gel along with each 
other is absolutely irxIispensabIe 10 the well-
being of the stale ofCalifomia.l give a very 
high priority to meeting those goals .... We 
just have to gel more undem:presented 
minorities eligible to go through the K -12 
\yIJem You have to have more counseling, 
more aid and more money to get them lothe 
wUver.;ity. Thee you have to get them 
through the univer.;ity. AOO then we have a 
program working to get them into graduate 
school. We have a program especially to 
provide suppon in maIh, science and engi-
neering where we're very underrepresented 
in minorities. And then programs to recruit 
them into wUversity Ieadetship positions, 
into faculty leadership positions and staff. [ 
shareeverybody'sapjRhensionsthatlough 
economic times have a differentially ad-
verse impact on underrepresenrcd minori-
ties ... 
.,.,,.. .......... _ ...... 
............... ,..... ..... 
to .... tID .......... t.:IIIl)t..., 

We're doing everything we can, but aI 
the regents meeting, I've pointed out we 
have a $140 million we got to fmd some-
where. Let's say we be more effkient. so 
that will save $20 to $30 million .. . Where 
is the rest of the money going tocome from? 
Well,lsaid, suppose you raise all the money 
from the students - you can't do that, the 
fees would go up too much. Suppose you 
don't raise any money from the students 
andjust lay off the people- you can't do 
that.. you couldn't run the place. Then I said 
something to the board which I thoughl I 
would never say in my entire life. We may 
have to one-time CUi some salaries. I never 
imagined that would be seriously contem-
plated outside of a worldwide recession, but 
then, [never imagined we would have three 
years of signifICant budget cuts. 

1992·93····· .. ··-··· .... ..,-----
1993-94 -.----. ...--- Roger Kuo. Dominie LoI:JOIa/ Guan1Ian 



BEN BOYCHUK 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES 

PHILIP MICHAELS 
ERIC SCHMIDT 

Contributing Editoo 

The U 0 Cuardian 

SUPPLEMENT STAFF 

UU IN URISIS 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER 

De igner 

oint e 
• agamst 

Monday , March 1, 1993 

RENt BRUCKNER 
ROGERKuo 

DoMINIC LOBBIA 
GJ.NERI 
1lI USb"ators 

weapon. 

Our goal? To help buy 1,000,000 meals· 
for America's htmgry. And you can take parI 
just by u ing the American Express Card. 

Now each time you 
use the Card, you help 

buy a meal for SOS does. They see to it that the food is deliv-, 
ered to those who need it In fact, they've 

a hungry person. 
mobilized more than 5000 I'e;StaUrants to join 

YOll see, each time you charge a purchase to the Card 
between March 15 and April 30, 1993, you help pay for one meal. 
The more purchases you make, no matter how big or small, 
the more meals you help provide. It's U)at simple. 

Th make it all work, we've learned up with Share Our 
tre ngth , a nationwide non-profit organization fighting to 

end hunger. They're doing it in some very resourceful ways. 
For example. most restaurAnts have extra food at the end 

of the night, but they don't always know what to do with it 

the fight against hunger, here in the U.S. and around the world. 
So remember, n(M' one of the most valuable reasons to use 

the Card isn't for what you can get, but for what you give, 
If you're not currently a Carcimember, but would like to 

apply, please call us all-800-36S-AMEX. 

The American F.xpr5. CIId. 
When }OU reach for k, you reach out 

·AftrIcII ... WIll ..... .., ... _ ..... 
~I'OOO'OOO ........ _ ........ .. 

Mon4ay, March I, 1993 The UCSO Cuardian PEClAL COMMENTARY ECTJON 07 

PATRICK CARROLL, Graduate Student Association President 

A MOST DISAPPOINTING MEETING 
UESTJONS 
Why was Ih Graduate tudenl A ociation (G A) not invited 
to ha e a peaker on the platform during th red dication 
c r mony? Was this an aU mptto stille a critical tudent voice? 
What was the criteria for selecting students for the breakfast 
meeting? 

Why did we not get any breakfast? 
REFLECTION ON TilE MEETING 

THE BUDGET C.u IS: Peltason did 
not appear 10 have any long-tenn strat-
egy for dealing with the crisis; he did 
not appear to be con ide ring different 
models for restructuring the system; 
il seems we can expect more of the 
same. AI the breakfast meeting and 
again at the Academic Senate meet-
ing. Peltason said the cri is was not 
simply the worst since the Depres-
sion. bUI the worst including the De-
pression,yetalmost in the same breath 
he told us that UC was providing 
bener programs and producing more 
graduates than ever, which seems like 
a contradiction. The latter view does 

nO( confinn what people are experi-
encing at UCSD with rising student-
teacher ratios and program and taff 
cuts. I felt Pelta on evaded my ques-
tion concerning his stance on the 
privatization of Ihe university, 

In relation to a question about fac-
ulty cuts and Ihe likelihood that non-
research-engaged professors would 
be likely to be lost, thus undennining 
further UCSO's teaching capacity. he 
stated that we are "not a liberal arts 
college but a [research] university." 
This implied that we should not ex-
pect to have teachers here. Most dis-
appointing. 

DIVERSITY: Peltason seemed un-

aware of the disastrous state of 
UCSO's Affumative A'Ction "strat-
egy" and seemed to view it as a "lo-
cal" i ue and nOI an issue for the 
president's office. This, in my view, 
is not encouraging. 

GRAD TE EMPLOYEES: Pelta on 
tuck to the position that TAs and 

RAs are not employees, bUI tudents. 
He refused to recognize that for many 
graduates, it is not a ca e of either/or; 
many grads are. in fact, both. He did 
not at all seem concerned that this 
issue could lead 10 continuing strikes 
and graduate student discontent. This 
is very disappointing. 

LOCAL I SUES : The president' s 
tance on local is ue was very disap-

pointing also. Regarding the Univer-
ity Center Board (UCB). the co-ops. 

and RlMAC, he would not comment , 
saying that they fell under the juris-
diction of UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkin on; thus, he was either unfa-
miliar or unconcerned, or both, with 

,YeAll: pr 

issues of great import to UCSD stu-
dent ,Reflecting on this later,lthought 
it very unsatisfactory; I consider il an 
abrogation of responsibi lity. 

In the afternoon at the Academic 
Senate meeting, GSA Vice President 
of Ex ternal Affairs Steve Dubb, in 
response to a Q&A session which 
focused entirely on the budget crisis, 
pointed out thai it was difficult to take 
seriously the rhetoric of ;ldministra-
tors doing their best when we witness 
the waste of money on our own cam-
pus, e.g., RlMAC and the co tly at-
tacks on student organizat ion s. 
Peltason once again evaded the is ue, 
ci ting it as "local." 

I subsequently told him that I con-
sidered such a pOSition a rather 
strange, as the "system .. is const ituted 
by the " local" campu es and, there-
fore, knowledge of local happenings 
was a condition of knowledge of the 
system. I pointed out, furthennore, 
that hi po ition was an executive one 

.18 . . " 
"': "'. _" <It .... 

r: .. ~ 

~~--------------------------------------------------------------------___ O,_USA~'~I ____ ~ 

and to say that the destruction of 
democrJcy was not a system i sue 
would be comparable to the federal 
government taking the position that 
segregation in Bimlingham or the 
Rodney King beating were local is-
sues. 

I aid that our affirmati ve action 
program was a shambles and a shame; 
that facilities and fees, which we did 
not wanl and most certainly could not 
afford. were being forced upon us; 
and that our diSCiplinary code was 
being abused. 

I told him that these were very 
serious charges, which as the presi-
dent of the GSA, I did not make 
lightly, and that they demanded his 
attention. He replied that we should 
u e the grievance procedure; I replied 
that the abuse of that the procedure 
was one of the problems, and we did 
not have confidence in it. He de facto 
refu ed to address these issues. 

All in all , I am very disappointed 
with President Peltason 's responses 
to the issue raised by UCSO stu-
dents. It appears that policy ha~ not 
shifted one iota with the change in the 
presidency. 

MIKE HOLMES 
A. . President 

NO TIME 
hursday was the second time 
I have had the opportunity to 
meet with UCPresidcntJack 
Pe1tason. Unfortunately, the 
meeting presented very few 
surprises. As has been my 

experience with high-ranking UC of-
ficials, very rarely do gatherings such 
as this offer any in-depth an'llysis or 
solutions. 

The time period allotted was in-
sufficient to discuss many of the seri-
ous concerns students had and the 
answers we did get seemed cursory or 
ambiguous, This was exceptional ly 
di appointing because the student 
leaders present seemed well-infonned 
and asked straightforward, imelligent 
questions. If student leaders present 
felt that they did not receive any reat 
answers, it was not because they did 
not try. 

Some of the re pon e ] received 
from Peltason indicated that the uni-
versity is unquestionably headed for 
an even bleaker future. Al though the 
university has always had a very re-
active position on the issue of insuffi-
cient state funding. it now seems even 
less hopeful. 

In the past, the university has 
blamed the state for the lack of fund-
ing but has chosen not to lobby or 
pressure the government. On Thurs-
day, Peltason asserted that the stale 
could not be blamed for university 
funding decreases and that therefore, 
there was no need for this type of 
pressure. 

When I questioned him regarding 
university strategy dealing with the 
Slate (Le. pushing for larger tax in-
creases ordisestablishing some of the 
current constitutional lock-ins), 
Peltason answered that there was no 
strategy. It is my beliefthat there is a 
real need for active university in-
volvement with the tate (with stu-
dent and faculty assistance) to change 
the direction that higher education is 
heading. Until that time. there is no 
reason for the tate to listen to our 
concerns. 



8 CALENDAR 

THE 
WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 
IIlustrat on b Y 

ADA C D EM IC 
SERVICE S 

Monday through Friday 
• 8 a.m.4:30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m .) - Tho 
OASIS Lancuace Pro,rllm pro" ldes 
assistance to students whose native language 
IS not English and to those doing work In 
Japanese. German. Spanish. French and 
Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on wflnen 
English IS available on rCQuest. Call 534-
2284 for Info. (weekly) 
• B a.m.4 :30 p.m . - The OASIS Schol ... ' 
Wrltlnc Workahop provides free Individual 
and group conferences to assist students 
With wri ting projects. SWW also offers free 
word processing facilities and computer 
assistance. Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 
534-7344 to schedule an appointment. 
(weekly) 
• 8 :30 a.m.4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS St udy 
M.nacement Center help you this quarter 
with time management. note taking and 
editing. textbook analysis. memory. flexible/ 
speed reading. vocabulary develOpment and 
GRE/LSAT I MCAT verbal comprehension. 
Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to 
set up a personal appointment. Also. stay on 
the lookout for those "aluable OASIS Study 
Skills Workshop and the GRE Weekend 
Specials. (weekly) 
• 8 a.m.4:~ p.m. - The OASIS WrItIIc 
Center Is a free service for all UCSO students. 
We offer one to one writing conferences fOf any 
type of ..mre project - academic papers. 
personal statements. even stories and poems. 
Our staff of trained undergraduates. who come 
from a variety of academic diSCiplines. can help 
you become a more effectNe writer. Call 534-
2284 to make an aPPOintment or drop by our 
office 111 the Old Student Center. Buiidi'( A. 
Room 214. (l>eekly) 

Monday. MatCh 1 
• 33:50 p.m. - Ex.n ",.,.IIIb. - OASIS 
Study Management <:erter. Yock Hall 4010. Free. 
Preregistration is re<XlITYT1ef1de. 534-7344. 

Saturday. Marcil 6 
• ~11 a.m. - StnIt ..... to Improve Your 
MeAT Tm T.kln& AbIlIty - OASIS Study 
Management Center. York Hall 4010. Free. 
Advanced registration is required. 534-7344. 

L ECTURES 
Monday, March 1 

• 2 p.m. - ·Pom~nc.lllm Now: Th. 
MOKow Art Seene In Recent yo ... • -
Regents Lecture by Mikhail Ryklln. Institute 
of Philosophy. Moscow. 3155 Literature Bldg. 
Free. 

Do m n C Lob b a 

• 4 p.m . - "The CuHure IdeoloC' of 
Conaumerlsm In Olobel Perspective" by 
Leslie Skla". Lecturer of Sociology. London 
School of economics. 3155 Literature Bldg. 
Free. 

Thursoay. MatCh 4 
• 12 p.m. - ·Women .nd Ora .. Roots 
Actlvlam In Los An,eles- - Ethnic Studies 
Dept. presents Mal)' Pardo. Chicano Studies. 
Cal State Northridge . 3415 Literature 
BUil<lIng. 
• 8 p,m. - Free screening of Julie DIsh's 
film l),ueM_ of the Dull. A Question and 
answer session with Julie Dash immediately 
follows the screening. IRI PS auditorium. 

Friday. March 5 
. 1-2:30 p.m. -·Tennl, Selenee tor Tenni. 
PI.yen" - Lecture by Dr. Howard Brody. 
physicist. Unlv. of Penn .. sponsored by 
Physical Educat ion and Physics Depts. Topics 
include • sweet spots." bounces. trajectories. 
strings. and strategies. Open to all. Mayer 
Hall. room 4322. 

HEALTH Be 
FITNESS 

Monoay-Frlday 
. 9 8.m.oJ p.m . - Free IItneu UHument 
throuah ATSTOP. Do you th ink you are in 
really good shape? Come by and flnd out how 
fit your actually are . ATSTOP is at the second 
nOQ(ofStudent Hea~h. Make an appointment 
today! (weekly) 

Monds}' Thursday 
• (2 p.m .. Mon; 10 a.m. '" 1 p.m .• Tues.: 11 
B.m. '" 1 p.m .• Wed.: 10 B.m. '" 1 p.m .• 
TllUrs.}-CHLAMYDIA Is not a flower . It'S an 
SfD In tpIdemIc lIfOtIOJtIonson this campus. 
To find out hOw to pre"ent It. come to the 
Women's Sexual Health Inlo sossion. 2nd 
floor Student Health Service. 

Wednesday.Friday • 
• (Wed. 14 p.m. : Thur. 24 p.m.: Fri. 14 
p.m.) - Do you have a family history of hili! 
blood cIIoIestero/? Come to Student Health 
Service to find out If you are at risk. This quick 
and painless screening is only $5. No 
appointment needed. 

SERVICES Be 
WORKSHOPS 

MonrJay.Friday 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer" 
beNd prOlf- of career infonmation de-
signed to help you clanfy your skills. values 
and Interest . For more InfonmatlOn. come to 
the Career Se,"iCes Center. $10. (weekly) 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 9 a.m.-5 p.m. - W_', R_ 
Center p_ c-IInc - Feel like no one 
understands? Women counselors trained by 
Psych. SeNices 8'lallable to help WIth crises 
or give support and referrals for your needs. 
Confidential . safe space . Walk in or by 
appointment. Located in the Old Student 
Center Bldg. A. 534-2023. (weekly) 
. 1:304 p.m . - DROfO.IN ADVISING HOURS 
- For help with career coBls. job hunting. 

resu~ preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment needed. just walk In to the 
Career SeNices Center. (week!)!} 
• MENTOR - Graduating this Quarter and 
job·seeklng? We '" match you with a 
professional In your fteld WhO Will get you 
started networking In tho lOcal job market. 
Sign up at Career SeNices. (week!)!) 

Monday. March 1 
• 12·2 p.m. - Adult ChII*en of Alcoholic, 
PsycIIo-EducdouSuppof1Gn1up- Agroup 
to explore growlnc up with an alcoholiC parent. 
Mountain '1'_ ~nge. nofeo. Leader: Jeanne 
Manese. 534-3035. 
• 2·3 p.m. - L8IbIen p, bite ..... peer 

~with David. Do you have a question 
about your sexualitY? 00 you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. LOCBted in the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge in 
Prlce Cntr.) Call 534-398 7 for details. (week!)!) 
• 2 p.m . - (M,C_. InteMewinc SillII, 
lot Employment - Using video. improve your 
technique through practICe and valuable 
feedback. Pre-<equislte: InteNlewing Skills 
Workshop. Sign up at Career Services 
Reference Roem. 

Tuesday. Marcil 2 
• lCH1:30 a .m.-Lou end MoUmlnc -A 
group for students WhO wish to explOre new 
ways to grieve the death of a loved one. 1003 
GH. no fee. Leader: Robin Reed-Spaulding. 
534-0256. and Ron Lane. 534-0250. Call for 
slgfHJP. 
• 11 a.m. - InterYlewlnC Skills Workshop 
- Learn techniques required to be successful 
in the interview process_ Career Services 
Center. Free. 

. 2 p .m.- JobSeerch101 -~ofalijOb 
vacancies are unadvertised. This workshop 
will teach you the most effective way to find 
them. Career Services Center. 
• 12·1 p.m. - l.etbIen p , biae ..... peer 
-.linlwlth Steve. Do you have a question 
about your sexuality? 00 you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. Located in the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge in 
Price Cntr.) Call 534-3987 fordetalls. (weekly) 
• 6:3().8 p.m. - Gr8dwote O.y/ BI ....... 
Men'a Support Oroup - A safe. oonfidential 
weekly group fOf grad students to discuss 
issues about sexuality. Led by Matt. Student 
Cntr. "B" lower level conf. room. No fee . Call 
534-3987 for details. (weekly) 

WednescJay. March 3 
• ~10 :30 a.m. - Support Group for 
Grldufte Women - 2126 HSS. no fee. 
Leaders: Be,erly McCreary and Jane Parr. 
• 10-11:30 a.m. - Support Group for 
Older UnderClldu.to .nd Returnln, 
Student. - Literature Bldg. Rm. 3240. no 
fee . Leader: David Blasband . 534-3987. 
Call for s ign-up. 
• 2 p.m. - M.rketable Re,um. -
Learn how to make a positive impression 
with your resume. Career Services 
Center . Free . 
• 34:30 p.m. - Chl_/a, letIno/a, 
Multlcultur.1 Support Oroup - A group to 
discuss relat ionships . familia. parents. 
economics. self-expectat ions and more. 
Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-1579 . Revelle 
College Provo Bldg. No fee. 
• 34:30 p.m. - Grad""te Men', .nd 
Women'a Th ... py Oroup - group for 
graduate students interested in exploring 
relatIOnships. academic/professional issues. 
and personal concerns. 1003 GH. no fee. 
Leaders: Miriam losupovlci. 534-0255. and 
Alvin AJ"arez. Call for sigtHlp. 
. 3 p.m. - Proc:rMtlnelors' Group- Revelle 
College Provost's Bldg .• no fee. Leader: Hugh 
Pates. 
• 5-6:30 p.m . - l.ebl.n/BI.exu.1 
WOlMn', Support Group - We're a 
confidential weekly drop-in group open to 
all UCSO students. A safe & friendly 
atmosphere where you can openly discuss 
your sexualitY. Led by Chell and Lisa. Irvine 
Room. 2nd floor Price Center. Call 534-
3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 6 :30-8 p.m . - Oa,/BIIO.1III1 Men'a 
Support Qroup-We' re a confidential weekly 
dror>in group open to all UCSO students. A 
safe & friendly atmosphere where you CM 
discuss your sexuality . Led by D8'lld & Steve. 
StudentCntr. ·B"lower level conf. roem. Call 
534-3987 . (week!)!) 

ThlXsday. March 4 
. 3 p.m. - How to Interview for Medical Of 

Ot~.r H •• ltll p,oteulonal Sc~oola -
Essential for participants in Spring Quarter's 
mock interview procram. Career Se,"ices 
Center. Free . J 
• 2·3 p.m. - ......... .., bite ......... 
c-.llnlwith Lisa. Do you hIM! a Question 
about your sexuality? 00 you need an 
understandi", person to talk to? Drop in & 
let's talk. Located in the peer counsellrC 
office (near Mac's Place & Library t.ource In 
Price Cntr.)CalI5J4..3987 fordetails. (-'<Iy) 
. 5 :30-7 p.m. - C- Ground Support 
Group - IVe )'011 the friend or toYed one of a 
IeBblen. &BY or bisexual person" Do you want 
to be supportille but areo't sure how? Drop 
in. we' re a weekly safe & confidential "OUII 
that addresses your needs. Price Center· 
Berkeley room. Call 534-3987 for more 
details. 

Friday. M<¥ch 5 
. 9-10:30 a .m. - Women Mointad .. 
Children - A group for women sU,"Mlrs of 
childhood/adolescent sexual abuse. 1003 
GH. no fee . Leaders: Beverly Ha~u. 534-
2237. and Phil Raphael . 534-0252. Call for 
si,IHJP. 

• 12-1 p.m. - L.-IIIen lilY bI ....... ...., 
c-.IInCwithCheli. Doyouh8\le a question 
about your sexuahty? Do you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & 
let's talk. Located in the peer counseling 
office (near Mac's Place & Library Lounge in 
PriceCntr.) Call 534-3987 for details. (weekly) 
• 12:30-2 p.m. - P-.\slen c-nunlty 
FONfII - Drop.ln group addressing concerns 
of Aslan/Pacitic Islander students . Leaders: 
Jeanne Manese. 534-3035. and Alvin Alvarez. 
Mountain Vtew Lounge. Dropin . (weekly) 
. 1 p.m. - lntowvlewlnlSkl. Wort.aIiop -
Learn techniques required to be successful 
in the interview process. Career Services 
Center. Free. 
. 1 p.m . - IobSNrcll101-8O%0f all job 
"acancies are unadVertised. This workshop 
will teach you the most effective way to find 
them. Career Services Center. 
. 24 p.m. - AIc:ohoIMII ~ AlluM 
Group - Support ive environment for 
discussing prOblems related to alCohOl and 
substance abuse. Leader : Dan Munoz. 534-
1579. Revelle College ProVo Off. No fee . 
• «I p.m. - Campus IIIac:k Fooum -
Informal group for Afri~rlcan students. 
Leader: Phil Raphae l. 534-0252. Mountain 
View Lounge. no fee. 

Sunday. Marcil 7 
• 11 a.m. - Sahaja Yoga presents a 
mecllUtlon PfOIJ'.m that Is open to the 
pubhc. Anyone can experience their inner 
peace and joy. Rnd out for yourself. oa"is/ 
RiverSide roem - Price Center (Second flOQ( 
abo"e mo"ie theater.) 

CLUBS Be 
MEETINGS 

Monday. March 1 
• 4 p .m. - Voz Frontertu meeting. Old 
Student Center room 211.3. 
• 5 p.m. - Student Environmental Action 
Coalition MMtinI - Get InwlVed in Earth 
Day. recycling. an environmental newspaper 
and much more. Office 208 Student Center. 
directly above Soft Reserves. Everyone is 
welcomel (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. - MIen ArnerIc8n CMstl8n 
Fellowahlp hosts a very special event! 
Sojourners Christian fellowship will be 
performing Bob Siegal's latest thought-
pro\'Oklngpray. Free . Location: Peterson 108. 
Visitors welcome. 
• 7 p.m . - Circle K Intemetlon.1 -
Community service organizatIOn meets in 
GaileI)' B. Price Center. Come join us. (weekly) 
. 7 p .m. - LOBA BusIness MeetInCt - Get 
Invol"ed with LGBA-you' lI make friends and 
have a great time helping out . Make it your 
business! Meetings are at the WRC. (weekly) 

Tuesday. Marcil 2 
. 12 p .m. - AA MeetJnc - Student Center 
A. room 113. Large conference room. (weekly) 
. 4 p.m. - UEO Comedy ComIttM MeetIIC 
- Come pre"iew the hottest comedians 
around the country and have a say as to who 
comes to campus . No fee. Great sense of 
humor a must!! PC GaileI)' A. 
. 5 p.m. - Biweekly meeting of CCM panel 
of Post Doc Grad students at MtF 275. 
Chicanos/Latinos for creati"e medicine. 
(weekly) 

Wednesday. March 3 
• 1-2 p.m. - Adult Children of Alcohol/ca 
(ACA) -12-step group meeting. Purpose of 
group Is to welcome and give comfort to 
children of alcoholics. Free. anonymous and 
confident ial. Price Center Admin. 2nd floor 
above Food Court. Irvine -Room. Everyone 
welcome. 753-2106. (weekI)!) 
• 1-3 p.m. - F.cult y, Student, St aff 
Inter.ctIon meets for lunch to informally 
discuss on topics of today; all students and 
facultY are welcome to join. For nnere info: 
Chris 558-2103. (weekf)lj 
. 3 p.m. - The Revelle Commuter AdvIaor)I 
IIoerdneeds people like you. Weekly meetings 
are at the Revelle Pro\'Ost's office.(weekl)!) 
• 4 p.m. - Third Colee T ___ +Re£ntrJ 
Students(TllES) MeetIIC - Discuss problems. 
solutions. questions. and answers about beilll 
a transfer or re-enl/y student. (weekly) 
• 4-6 p .m. - All welcomel Studant 
Afflrm.tlve Action CommlttM Meeting. 
Santa Barbara/ Los Angeles room. Price 
Center. (weekf)lj 

Friday. Marcil 5 
• 7 :3().10 a.m. - Come to the Rev.IIe 
Commut., Br •• kl .. t at the Re"elle 
Commuter Lounge. All you can eat for half a 
buck. (weekI)!) 
. 10:30 a.m. - Join T'*d CoIICe Cornmutar 
IIo8Id and help plan events. Meeti~ at Third 
College Deal's COIIf1IIeuce room. (..eeIrf)Ij 
. 12 p .m. - AA MMCInII-Student Center 
A. room 113. Large conference room . (weekI)!) 
. 2:30 p.m. - IUtIw AIMrIcan Student 
Alienee (NASA) meets weekly on Fridays at 
the Grewe . Come and set InwiYedl (weekly) 

SuOOlly. Marcil 6 
. 6 :30 p.m . - AIpIIe l'1li Omep-{JCSO's 
only coed service fratemity meets at MAAC 
111A (near Price Center). Come and meet 
other students like yourself. who like to haYe 
fun while helplfWyour SChooI.-ld communl1y. 
Elleryone is welcome end encourllCOd to 
come.(weekM 

EVENTS Be 
RECREATION 

~uoo.y 
• (8 Am.-ll p.m., Mon.-TIllIs.: 8 Am.'" p.m., 
Fri. : 9 a.m.~ p.m .. SIIt. : 1 p.m. ·1.1p.m .. SUI.)-
PIIuIue .... 01 _ 01 .. DIep' ...... 
"'- jarz ......... as wei as flIItionIIly 
kr1O'M'I musicians who haYe performed in Satn 
Diego. will be on display in the IistenIrC room of 
the Centr!II Lilrsy ~ MIW'Ch 28. 

Monday-Thursday 
. 9 p.In.-2 a.m. - New r.ta nllMooItw houw 
on campus. ocate DIana at the Che.· Moo-
Thurs.. Good music. YullVll( belled goods. 
Specially c:otrees + teas. Open mi<e ... (I¥IHII<M 

Monday, March I, 1993 

Tuesday$unday 
• 12 ·5 p.m. - Three California artists will 
d isplay their work in an exhibition t~1ed 
.ConceptuIII Sculptwe: Body MIl Soul· at 
the Mandeville GaileI)' through March 7. 
Artwork dis plays -d i,erse approaches. 
designed to elicit psychological and phYSICal 
reactions from the viewer.' 

Monday. March 1 
• ~3 p.m. - Tresh Daylll - Trash will never 
look the same. Keep your eyes out for more 
Information. It's going to be big! 
• 7 p.m. _ .... n AmerIc:en Chriltien 
Fallowthlp hosts a "ery special eventl 
SOjourners Christian fellowship will be 
performing Bob Siegal's latest thoUCht-
provoking pray. Free. Location: Peterson 108. 
Visitors welcome. 
• 7 p.m. - Jeny Brown - Former govemor 
and presidential candidate to spellk on 
Initiat ive about Campaign Reform . Price 
Center Theater. 

Tuesday. Marcil 2 
. 2 p.m. - Poetry rNdInC In RuuIen MIl 
En,lI,h by Regents lec tu re r Arkad ii 
Dragonneshchenko (from St. Petersburg). 
3155 Literature Bldg. Free. 
• 8 p.m. - ·PInk AD,d - The W'" - Price 
Center Theater. Also at 10:30 p.m. 51. 

Wednesday. Marcil 3 
• B-10:3Q a.m. - Wamn CoIIeP Commuter 
Breekfut-MeetfellOw commuter students 
and discuss Issues . Second noor Literature 
BU ilding oonference roem. All you can eat! 
Only 5041 (weekf)lj 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the Hump -Come 
out and eat lunch w~h LGBA. Bring your own 
food. (weekly) 
. 8 p.m.- New Play$howce,e- Featuring 
Karl Gajdusek's play. -The Gilded Garden of 
Patcheww." A dark fantasy about a woman 
named DelilahDelilahDedalus who goes on a 
search underground with her magical body 
and friends . Continues through March 6 with 
an additional perfonmance on Friday at 11 
p.m . Admission: 55. 

Thursday. March 4 
. 10 a.m. - "Ceramic fIIans ofOc:umlcho" 
- The ceramic "devils" of Ocumicho anend 
school. drilll! buses and sell their wares in 
the market place. The devils and other ceramic 
fl8ures are made in the Mexican "il/age of 
San Pedro Ocumicho. These figures will be 
shown in the Grove GaileI)' through April 17 . 
GaileI)' hours are Tuesday through Friday. 10 
a.m.-5 p.m. and Saturday, 10 a .m .-2 p.m. 
.7 p.m.-·H8mtIurIIIr/ ........ -Film 
and discussion abOUt deforestation in Latin 
America caused by the fast food ildustry. OSILA 
(Organizaion of Students Irterested in Latin 
America). l.aI.inAmeric:M FiImSeries.lnstit~of 
the Americas Build'lIl\. upstairs COllie! er oceroom. 
• 4 p.m. - "CetutroIka: Post-5ovlet 
Sutljectlvlty· - Question and answering 
gathering with Russ ian Regents lecturers 
Mikhail Ryklin. Institute of Philosophy. 
Moscow and Arkadii DragomoShchenko. St. 
Petersburg. 3155 Literature Bldg_ Free. 
• 6 p.m. - All you can eat Thursday night 
supper for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD 
Catholic Community. Come to the University 
Lutheran Church. (weekf)lj 
. 6 :30 p.m. - ·Dracul.· -6:30 p .m .. Price 
Center Theater. Repeats at 9 and 11:30 p.m. 
S2/ general admission: Sl/advance fee. 
• 10 p.m. - poetry NIIht at Cafe Ole"" at 
the C~ . Bring your own. listen to others or 
do both . (weekI)!) 

Saturday. Marcil 6 
• 507 p.m. - The Stuart Collection at UCSO 
will inaucurate the new work by Jenny Holzer 
titled. "Or_ T.bIe." The work Is lOCated on 
a small concrete terrace near Muir Commons 
and the Humanit ies and Social Sciences 
buildings. A reception for the artist will take 
place at the s~e. Prior to the reception. 
Holzer will give a slide presentation on her 
work . 4 p.m. in the Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building. room 1330. All weicome. 
. 8 p.m. - ChemberEnsembles- Directed 
by Janos Negyesy. Admission: general. $5; 
facul1y/ staff/students. $3. Erikson Hall. 

Sunday. Marcil. 7 
• 12-2 p.m. - RIIdIo Callfu - Weekly 
program for Raze. Interviews and musica 
picosa! (weekly) 
• 3 p.m. - .-.- KIIID - Performed by 
students of Noriko TSIiXli. Admission: general. 
$5: tacui1y/staff/students. $3. Erikson Hall. 
. 3p.m.- Two hetounoftlleUCSD-.-
areofl'er8dthls tal by the UCSOVisllors Prqpn. 
The bus tours are U'Ie first and third Sundays of 
eacIl monIIlllom1he Gilman InfoonaIion PaYiIIon. 
Thew~tours are on aItemIIte Sundays 110m 
the Giknan Informatlon Pavilion. ReservatIons: 
call 534-4414. (-'<M 
. 4 and 7 p.m. -Berondtlll Mind'. Eye-
Computer animation film. PC Theater. Free. 
• 8 p.m. - Mumm .... Mandellille 
Auditorium. Admission: general , 520/18; 
students. $15/$13. 

RELIGIOUS 
SERVICES 

WedneSC1By. M~ 3 
• 6 p.m. - DIMer Is __ by Lutheran 
Campus Minl.try at UCSD. E~ Is 
welcome. University Luther8ll1 Church (aaou 
from Revelle Cot.). 
• 7 p .m. - ... studJ sponsored by 
Lutheral Campus Minl.try. Open to III. 
Unilll!rsltyLutIleran Church (across tne SIteet 
from Revelle Collt..,). 

FridIfy, MMch 5 
• 12 p.m. - , .... ,..., ,.,.,. in the 
PriCe Cente,. For Info. call Yusuf at 450-
4681. (weekly) UnMersI1y Lutheran Church 
(across the street from Revelle Collela). 

SuntUty, MM'Ch 7 
• 9 :15 a.m. - ... IIIIIy preS«ltad by 

Un~luIIIersw. ~l.uIheranCiuth 
(across the S1reet from Revelle Col...,). 
. 10:15 a.m. - c-.1IoII1WVIce led by 
Campus Pastor John Huber. All are welCOme. 
University Lutheran Church (across the alreet 
from Revelle Collete) . 

Monday, March I, 1993 

Tritons Spot 
Leopards Win 
WOMEN'S BASKE'fB&" • UCSD finishes above ,500 
despite season ending 80-72 loss to La Verne 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

A season of transition came to an 
end Friday night as the young UCSD 
women's basketball team lost to host 
LaVerne, 80-72. Although the Tritons 
did noc earn a berth in the NCAA tour-
nament,their 13-12mark wastheclub's 
fifth consecutive winning season, a 
school record. 

UCSD managed to stay close to the 
Leopards, trailing by only three, 41-38, 
at theintemtission. Yet laVerne's strong 
inside game kept the Tritons at bay, as 
UCSD was unable to avenge a prior 
February defeat to the Leopards. 

Standout center Wendy Gibbs over-
whelmed UCSD's post defense, sink-
ing 16 of 26 shots on the way to a game-
high J6..point evening. 

Gibbs also anchored the laVerne 
defense, ripping down 17 rebounds and 
waning five Triton shots in the victory. 

Point guard Michelle Macias directed 
the laVerne offense, dishing out with 
14 assists. 

Once again, poor short and intenne-
diate-range shootiflg proved costly as 
La Vemeoutshot the Tritons,48 percent 
to 37 percent 

Although the Tritons sttuggled in 
the low-post offense, UCSD's desig-
nated three-point bomber.; connected 

on six of 15 three·point attempts. T ricia 
Stilwell, playing her final game as a 
Triton, led the club with 17 points and 
was three-for-eight from three-point 
range. 

Senior center Erica Scholl capped 
an outstanding season with a 12-point, 
12-reboWld night against the Leopards. 
The 6-1 SchoU broke numerous indi-
vidual single-game and single-season 
records for the Tritons in 1992-93. 
Scholl's 368 rebounds and 14.7 re-
bounds-per -gameare single-season T ri-
ton records. Offensively, Scholl was 
equally outstanding, scoring 493 points 
- also a club record. 

Scholl ended her collegiate career as 
UCSD's eighth all-time career 
rebounder with 551 and became the 
Tritons' 11th most prolific scorer with 
730 career points. 

Alison Cartwright wrapped up a 
teady four-year career at UCSD with 

six points and seven rebounds. Stacey 
Parsko concluded an outstanding fresh-
man season with 13 points and eighl 
rebounds. Sophomore forward Tami 
Ovian chipped in wi!h seven points. 

UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone 
earned career vi tory number 200 ear-
lier thi season. Malone has compiled a 
209-214recordduringher 17 seasons as 
head coach of the Triton . 

UCSD Serves Up Wins 
By Bree Segal 
Staff Writer 

The women 's tennis team hit the 
road for Claremont last Friday to play 
an all-day match again t Claremont 
College and Pomona-Pitzer College. 
The Friday match against Claremont 
was cancelled due to rain and the 
women were reschedu led to play both 
Division ill teams on Saturday. 

The Tritons knocked out both col-
leges with impressive wins of 8-1. 
"All malches were won fairly easily. 
It was such a long day. We wanned up 
at 8:30 a.m. and left [the couns) at 
4:30 p.m.," UCSD Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante said. Although there were 
some changes in the top ladder 
LaPlante was pleased that UCSD was 
still able 10 seize the final wins. 

Diane Chandler, number-two 
player for UCSD, faced the number-
two player from Pomona-Pitzer Col-
lege. Their match was highlighled 
with several long rallies. "I hung in 
there and plugged away," Chandler 
said Despite the length of the match, 
Chandler's endurance saw to the ulti-
mate defeat of her opponent 

Chandler and Heather Williams 
were victorious in their doubles malch 
and took an easy win against the frus-
trated Pomona-Pitzer team. Chandler 
then went on to face Claremont's 

9fowers & gifts 
Costa Verde Center 
87S0 Genesee Ave, 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

number- one player. ··It was a solid 
match - I came to the net more," 
Chandler sa id , adding thai she was 
satisfied with the solid games which 
contributed to the team's perfonnance 
throughout the weekend. 

Number-four player Bird ie 
Gessford al 0 aid she was pleased 
with her perfonnance. "It was fun but 
exhau ting. The girls were tough -
real consistent and tough." Looking 
to Saturday's match against Divi ion 
I Cal State Los Angeles, Gessford is 
somewhat apprehensive. "'t should 
be tough. This will be our first match 
[in which) we're going to have to 
fight for every game," she said. 

Freshman Yumi Takomoto said, 
"Since it' s my flfSt year I need more 
experience with the mental part. Hope-
fully I'll be bener later on. I won but 
didn ' t feel that confident." Making 
predictions for the upcoming match, 
she said "We beat Division I Cal State 
Long Beach; I'm going to be nervous 
but [ tend to play bener against bener 
schools." 

"We've never played [CSULA) 
before; we're not sure what to ex-
pect," LaPlante said. Although the 
Tritons are unsure of what the results 
of their next Challenge will bring, the 
team is as strong as last year, if not 
stronger. 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
\\I:hputl."h ofSIOorn'kWC 
'"I v;alld _"h ;m), OIhcr offer 
[.op.J/IMJ • "w.DdMr woridYile' 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Guts 
Competition 

Having a 24-march conference win 
streak receooy broken by UClA must 
not have rested too easily on the minds 
of the Triton women' fencing team as 
they stOlTIled into the conference fmals 
onSunday. lashing their way to victory 
and capruring a second league tille in as 
many years. 

Senior Moriah McCauley capped 
off a terrific season taking second place, 
foUowed closely by teammate Yumi 
Mishiami, finishing fourth, as the 
women emerged the victQl'S with a record 
of II -I-J. JuniorJustine Cogan placed 
10th overall. 

The men also perfonned valiantly, 
slicing their way to a third place overaJl 
finish . The foiler's again led the way, 
fmishing first with a record of 12-1. 
Captain Aaron Shebest d~eled hi way 
10 a second place finish. 

Epee division participants baltled 
for a second place finish with Doug 
Saqui taking 7th and Jeff Schiffman 
contributed heavily in the sabre division 
ending up 10th. 

"Both [Shebest) and Moriah were 
extremely close to taking first place in 
the conference,"said qssistanr coach 
Darin Wessel. 

- Brian K. HuHo and Art Root 

Cyclists Zoom 
Past Opponents 

Despite the fact that il turned out to 
be only one day, the UCSD cycling 
weekend rumed out to be a success for 
the Tritons. Originally scheduled as!hree 
races, Sunday's race, the Mandeville 
Criterium, was canceled. 

Satiirday's fi.r.;t event, the Black's 
Beach Hill Climb, was a UCSD show-
case. to the men ' A-division, Jeff 
Winkler conquered !he event with a 
time of 2: 17. Ian Bettinger was also a 
winner for UCSD, taking the men' B-
division with a 2:21 clocking. while 
Leland Ferguson was triumphant in the 
men's C-division. 

The Shiley Eye Center Criterium 
was Saturday's second race, a .45 mile 
loop. Winkler was !he vanguard for the 
Trilonsagain.takingflfSt in themen'sA 
race. Teammate Nick Meed finished 
founh. UCSD tookconttol of the men's 
B-division, scoring 67 points to arch-
rival UClA's four. Ryan Cady and 
MarlcArrington were the highest ftnish-
ers for the Trilons, taking third and fifth 
respecti vely. 

The men's C race saw UCSD'sJoe 
Nelesen and Bettinger cross the line in 
Second and third with teammate Frank. 

Rie~li just behind in fifth. 
Karina Francis led the UCSD women 

in the women's B race with a victory 
while Ouis Feezor and Alex Vendler 
lOOk: fourth and fifth respectively in the 
men's D divisiorL 

- Gregg Wrenn 

"Give thanks unto the 
Lord" Psalm 105:1 

Plid 

rDelay' 
Reality 
Honolulu '11t-
N .. Yortl '17f-
w ............ DC ' 17f-
lost.. '17f-
Malee CIty '117-

l~ $185' 
Frankfurt $235' 

· AJI taro "11[ uch way Mt:d O"l a IO.Tdtnp p.x-
chase. 1""" .,.,. ,ncluded. SOme ,...\lncCons .pply, 
Student ,t,M may be rtqUlrm. 

",,.,,,,. .... ....., INta. 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

9 

CSO ESCORT 534-WAlK 
,6:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don'( Walk Alone! 

N A I L S P 

ACRYLIC 
NAILS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 

Eel A L s /11, 
$18.99 J $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15· New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

'1/a.d4. ~ ~ MEN AND WOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Nol vaJ>d "'til any athor 011"", ' expires 3115193 

Itmr UMA BILL 
DE N1Ro THuRMAN MuRRAY 

A IDItenbo'dndtirbe 
AOOa1OOlaU who'd rather be anywhere 00t bI'.teen tim 

(OMING SOON TO A TH~TR~ N~R YOU 



lO T he UCSD Gua rdian 

AtQU I 
you get your own office 
and set your own hours. 

"Then you 
get to prove 

you're worth it. /I 
- To rt ; Irolrma"." spfiu'tlrt' tr'g"l"', ~,,"rd 

QUAI COM"" IPI 1991. hill'IPI8 K,.dll.1rdfrom tilt 
U"II'f'~I'Y fI/IU",OIS IPlII, Q 8Sft and Uti MS 5 
",mllly. <h,. hrl,,",S d",,'op rmlvtldrd ystrm 

"ft""'" In SII''I'"I ofQlIAI (OMM', 
COMA rrll ", ... ,.II"n. 

W hat kind of company works like that? Find out for yourself. 

Attend a special preview of the QUALCOMM story at 
5:00 PM, March 4, Price Center, Gallery B 

the night before our on-carnpus intetviews. 

It's intcr<. ting wha t h'lppcns when you give e traordinary people an extraordinary amount of 
autonomy and support. 

111l'y innovate like cral '. 111('11 their company ta kes off and grows like very few others have. 
asc in pint: San Dirgo's own QUALC MM. We've gone from 8 employees in 1985 to over 

800 toddY. 111a t makes u olle of America's fastest growing high-tech companies. 
It also doesn't hurttu have the cumpany launched by cummunica tions visionaries like Dr. Irwin 

M. jJrobs and Dr. Andrew j. Vi t ' rbi. 
The trick, of COUfsc, is to keep threnlrepreneurial spirit nouri hing dcspi l(' phenomenal growth. 

111at's wh we give our engineers a much freedom and encouragement as possible. This includes 
an llpcn door plllicy compan -wide, the lati tude to sct ou r own hours, the private pace provided 
b your own office, and more. 

In response, QUA LCOMM people have spcarhmdcd many of our industry's most chai!enging 
technologies. Among them are spread-spectrum CDMA digi tal ccllubr telephone systems, mobile 
satelli te communica tion networks, HDTV image compression, full custom ASIC design, and more. 

We'll·throw in the ocean-free. 
Along wi th a highly slimulating work environment, yuu'll also enjoy Ihe Southern California 

lifestyle, which features one of America's mosttemperat ' climates. And QUALCOMM is less than a 
mile from the Paci fic Ocean. 

\( you're working towards a degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Computer Science, 
omputer Engineering, Phy ics, Math or Manuf.1Cturing Engin('Cring, be sure to attend our special 

preview the night before our on-ca mpu interviews. You may also mail, fa ~ ornd u your resume 
with transcripls by intemet. QUALCOMM, I luman RC50urces, 10555 Sorrento Valley Rood, San 
Dil'go,CA 92 121. FAX: (619)452-9096.lntemet: jObs@qualcomm.com Or call: (6 19)587- 1121,ext. 1097 
for our jobs hOI line. Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Next generation digital communications. 
And the next. 

Monday, March I , 1993 Monday, March 1. 1993 The UC D Guardian 

Jason RitchIe/Guardian 
Melissa Mazanet goes to bat for the Tritons during Saturday's losses to Cal State San Bernardino. 

UCSD Strikes Out Twice 
SOF1BALl: Tritons inconsistent in doubleheader losses 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Spons Editor 

The UCSD softball team took one 
step fOlW3l'd and two steps back last 
week. The Tritons were able to get all 
the pans of their game going in two 
doubleheaders, against Chapman on 
Thursday and Cal State San Bemardino 
on Satwday; theprob1em was they never 
got them going at the same time_ 

Thursday's two games at Chapman 
saw the UCSD offense blanked, dr0p-
ping the first game 3~. The Triton bats 
woke up for the second game, taking a 
2-1 lead into the bottom of the seventh. 
But Chapman homered to tie the game, 
and UCSD regained the lead in the top 
of the eighth, 3-2. The Panthers re-
sponded under pressure again. this time 
scoring two runs to steal the game, 4-3. 

Defensively sound, Saturday's 
twin bi II was again a case of the Triton 
bats ' inability to generate any kind of 
offense, losing 2-1 and 2-0. 

UCSD limited the Coyotes to only 
four hits in the fIrSt game, two of which 
were in the first inning when San Ber-
nardino scored both of its runs. Michelle 
Mapstead reached first on a fielder's 
choice and went to second when Triton 
pitcherCathyO'Connorwalkedcleanup 
batter Kimiko Kuwabara That brought 
Lisa Hernandez to the plate and the 
second baseman rocketed a double to 

therightfieldwaIlthatbroughtMapstead 
and Kuwabara home. 

The Triton also scored their only 
run in the first. O'Connor, batting num-
ber two, stroked a ingle, then went to 
second on a wild pitch. Oeanup hitter 
Emily Rubin then roped a shot to left 
center, sending O'Connor home. 

The fourth inning saw the Tritons 
put a runner on third but yet again they 
were unable to capitalize. Melissa 
Mazanet led off the inning with a bunt 
and bear out the throw. April Williams 
bunted Mazanet to second where she 
promplly stole third. With only one out, 
this was UCSD's most serious scoring 
threat since the first inning. 

But Coyote catcher Shelley Rice 
was unabletohandleoneofKuwabara 's 
pitches and Mazanet took a few steps 
toward the plate. Rice recovered the ball 
and tried to throw to third but found 
Triton batter Lisa Gill in her way. Gill 
was called for obstruction, but Mazanet 
was the one called out and the threal 
disappeared. 

San Bernardino, meanwhile, was 
getting nowhere. O'Connor sat them 
down in order in the second, fifth and 
sixth innings, limiting them to singles in 
the fourth and seventh innings. 

San Bemardino scored the only run 
that mattered of the second game in the 
first inning as well. 

Jason R~chle/Guardian 
Triton pitcher Cathy O·Connor. 

Erica Kilgore ended upon third base 
after a walk, a fie lder's choice and a 
stolen base. She scored on Kuwabar'd's 
pop up to centerfield two batters later. 

TheTriton got closest in the second 
inning when Mazanet got on first with a 
two-out single. She stole second, then 
went to third on a Williams single be-
fore Kelli Connoly's fly ball to the 
pitcher ended the frame. 

"We did a great job defensively, so 
that is there. Our bars just need to come 
alive. When we start hitting we could be 
a fantastic team," UCSD Head Coach 
Patricia Gerckens said "We had some 
mental errors that hun us today, but 
we're not giving up because we know 
we have a good team." 

Tritons Speed Through Relays 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Racing into the CCAA Cooference 
Relays last Satwday, the Tritontrackst:ers 
teamed up with sister school UC River-
side to give the combined men's and 
women's team pairs of Cal State Los 
Angeles-Cal State Bakersfield and Cal 
Poly Pomona-CalPoly SanLuisObispo 
a run for their money. By meet's end, 
team UCSD-UCRernergedtied for:sec-
ond with the Cal State's, gaining valu-
able ex perience and perhaps a little re-
spect along the way. 

"[ was very pleased with ourpetfor-
mance at this meet," said Head Coach 
Tony SaJc:mo. "We were teamed up 
with probably the weakest conference 
team in Riverside, and both of us are 
Division ill schools. The other teams 
were Division II scholarship schools 
and compete in one of the best Division 
II conferences, so forus tOmalch up like 
this is very favorable." 

The final tally showed the Cal Poly 

team registering 70 points, followed by 
the UC and Cal State tandoms with 48 
points apiece. The CCAA Conference 
Relays follow an unusual format con-
sisting of the paired school's teams in-
termixing athletes for each individual 
event, and the women 'sandmen' sscores 
are combined for the fmaI results. 

Ian Cooke provided the most out-
standing perfonnance on the men's side 
with ahighjumpof6' 1O", tying his own 
school record. "To do that this early in 
the season is very impressive," noted 
Salerno. "That jump would have quali-
fied him for the Division III Nationals. 
but we are not allowed to qualify any 
ath1etes until after March 1." 

Matt Inskeep played a versalilerole, 
competing in five events including the 
4x 100 relay (Placing 2nd), 4x200 relay 
(3rd),triplejump(2nd),javelin ( I st)and 
long jump (3rd). UCSD's Jeff Taylor, 
Cwtis Williams and Randy Beuh\er's 
combined score C8JXUred first in the 
hammer throw along with Stephen 

Wynn, Patrick Foy and Mark Yuen, 
contributing toward the men's 4x880 
yard relay victory. 

On the women's side, senior Erica 
Washington ledtheUCSD4x400meter 
relay foursome to victory with a time of 
3:58.69. Claire Boykin and Michele 
Domicocombined totakethelongjump, 
and Domico teamed up with Amanda 
Levin to eam winning honors in the 
triple jump. 

"Erica is the defending national 
champion in the 100 meters and will be 
areal dominant force for the women this 
year," praised Salerno. "The women's 
team has been one of the top six teams 
in the nation for the last four years, and 
this season we have a young, but very 
balanced team. They have done well so 
far and I expect them to get better." 

Overall, Salerno said he hopes 
UCSD wiU be among the top three 
teams in the nation come Nationals. 
"'The women are a very good team and 
this is the best men' team ever by far. " 

MAXIMIZE YOUR LSAT, GMAT, 
GRE, OR MCAT SCORES 
This ,ear, OVBr 50,000 students will take the course 
Roling Stone called "legendary. " Here's wh,: 
The Princeton Review The Princeton Review The Princeton Review 

Works-Guaranteed 
Our average score 
improvements are 
unmatched: 

is Personal is Efficient 
Our classes never 
exceed fi fteen 
students and are 
grouped by shared 
test-taking strengths 
and weaknesses. If 
you don't understand 
a panicular concept, 
your instructor wi ll 
work wi th you in 
person. unt il you do. 

Leam our systematic 
approach to solving 
test problems. We 
combine solid 
acadcmic prcparation 
with revolutionary 

Ics t - t ~lki ng stratcgies 
to maximize your 
scores. 

T.sI R' I/g' Impron. 
LSAT 120-180 10.4 polms 
GMAT 200-800 85 pIS. 
GRE 600-2400 215 pIS. 
MeAT 3-45 6 pIS. 

If you complete the 
coursc, take the exam. 
and are not sa:isficd 
wi th your scores, we ' ll 
work with you for up to 
one year a l no fee . 

lilt , t'l{lNl'I 10'1 
I{ t " 11- \\, 

For ;aore 1.'olWIItl .. , call: 
619-558-0500 

Tile Ptl ... "on Review I •• ffil.led wilh 
neilher Prlocelon UrtlwrsJty oor lt1t 
Ed .... lionoll T.SlInO S.IYIct. 

NEW CONVENIENT lOCATlON-4130 La Jolla Village Or., Ste. 309 in Regents Park 

. . . 
• 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

Join US for your favorite 
sports events on . 

(10] & 
TVs 

PITCHER & POOL Night Absolut $250 FREE SPECIAL Bloody 
Marys Pool Pitcher Prices 

Drink Specials C1 Great Food 

4 240 LA JOLLA VI LLAGE D R. , LA JOLLA 
call 61 587-1414 

Dr. S.'.y O.D. 
• • visioncare 
Serving 

LA JOLLA 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind Carl's Jr.) 

578-6796 
------T------,------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL : Dally Wii!rlete : COMBO SET : 

INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 
• Precision ground 

lenses S.V. 

I OC Science I $35.00 OFF I EItttIMrtI W_ Ce!IpIItI I $1 09 I Any frame and tens I 
I combo. Choose from I I B& L04 . f I Disposabill I a large selectIon 0 I $139 ~~ & I frames and lenses I 

: $9900 : .~~~~~p I $3500 I 
I COMPLETE I =~E~;:= I OFF I L ______ L ______ ~ ______ ~ 



12 LASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
00 you need an on-eampus Notary PublIc? It so. 
caIt 587-791 1. (114-613) 

Gay Youth Alliance sponaortng • Mmi-format 
dance, Saturday 316 9 p.m. - 1 a.m. Into 233-
9309. (2122-314) 
WANT TO WORK WITH KIDS? Pick up an 
application for Active Students for Kids at 
Volunteer Connection, 2nd floor Price Cen-
ter, or call 534-1414. DEADLINE hAAR. 2 (21 
25-31f) 

Tralll Day 19931 hAatCh 1St. Trash will never 
look lhe same agalnl (2125-311) 
Join us RISC staffersl AppiCaIionaavailabie 3rd 
lloor Price Center 0< caM 534-4682. Due 315193. 
(2125-314) 
"Gelling Nt" Manllestation WorIIshop. Carmela 
COfailo Ph.D .. mystic. ThurSday, March 4 , 7:30 
p.m. Phone 436-6595. (311) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive. 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) ............. .45O-3323 
Fairmair's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1 134 
UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Beans ........................... 453·9252 
Domino's ..................... .452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578·7892 
Koala's .rozen Yogurt ..... 452-0524 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................. .. 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Young Attiludes ............ 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........ .. 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............. 535·1379 
Tan 4 Less .............. .. .... . 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS . 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader ............... 693-1 469 
Video Gallery ............... 450·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ..................... 452-9949 
Zebra Copy ............ .... .. 457-1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457 -3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546-0088 

UCSD TESTING 
Hype~earning ............... 455-1000 
MCA T Review ............. .456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ..... ..... 274-ALES 
Torrey'S ........................ 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 

UCSD ETC. 
St. Germain 's ............... 455-1414 
Azita Electrolysys ......... 454-6044 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 1,1993 

Acc:wa. + lui ryping. ~ and ~. 
Sue 548-1788 or 53U191. (311-311 1) 

~ASSIFIEDS LA JOlLA TAN - Attention UCSD SIUdenIlIl La JoIa Till" t mile from UCSO In the Ren*-_ CII . ....., Rubioe F1ah T~. SPRtNG BREAK SPECIAl 2 PEOPlE TAN FOR THE PRICE OF 11 Seecu ad In thIa __ ore.l1622-
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenlS_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to TIle 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p,m. Monday for Thursday's issue _ TIle Guardian reserves the right to refuse' 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316_ Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

WANTED 
SeekIng 10 pallenlS with headacllel lor a 
..-.n:h PIP". Dr. Finley 452-2882. (2122-314) 

TUTOR lor 0uaItatM Research Methods IIId 
OMIgnoourse (elementary I) $2OIhr. 452-5680. 
(2125-314) 
Looking IOrpaopla whO Mwllllll an experience 
wi1hSO~Courtlorr.archpaper. 
PLEASE cal 882-17221 (311-3111 ) 

FOR SALE 
EMPLOYMENT 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT MERll-SHIPS. Moll 
poe/bls ~ by Feb. Gail val. exp. managing &8 

~.a.et:lInIIrs,and~Avg.98/T'tlgI 
6-16,000+. CaI~PaIr*lg Pros:~. 

CAU.~77. (In.3'29) 

EARN $1 ,500 WEEKlY mailng our dR:u\arsl... 
BegIn NOWI FREE pad<ell SEYS, Depl19, Box 
4000, COfdoYa, TN 380t~. (2111 ~) 
POSTAl. JOBS AVMJIIIl£t Many pcaiIans. Grell 
beneIIs. Call~, ex!. P-33f17. (2I1t-318) 

INTERNAnDNAl EMPlOYMENT - Make money 
taad'jng basic: COI>IersarlonaI EngIi&h llJ'oad. Japan 
and Taiwan. Malee $2,OIIN4,DOGt per rT1OIth. Many 
p-ovide room & boIWd • ott. beneItIl No prwirus 
ItairwlQ ()( teac/Wig C8!Iiftc:aIe rtqLi'ed. F()( Intemallonal 

En'4'foyment~cal1heInlernalionalE~ 
Gr~' (206) 632-1146 eXL J5976. (21t6-1I4) 
RAiSE A COOl $11#J,OO IN JUST dIIE WEEKI 
For)O.ll!aLSOIOIIIy,Cl.b. + t .OOOFORYOURSB..FI 
And a FREE IGlOO COOlER W you quaIfy. Calt-
800-932.0528, Ext. 65. (2122-4'19) 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 

Summer Camp Poshlon.: Roughing It Day 
Camp In SF East Bay Is hiring lor summer t 993. 
Positions : counselors, swim, ride , sports, 
walerfrOnt, envlr. ed , crafts . Exper.refs. 
(510)283-3818. Send resume to P.O. BOX 1266, 
OMnda, CA 94563. (2125':Vl) 

Chiropractic Asslslant needed lor a multi-
doctor olnce. Receplloni.t dulles Include 
bUKngs and computer Nteracy. hAWF 9-6 p.m. 
4275 Executive Square .220 La Jolla. CA 
92037. No phone calls please. Come In and 
fill out application on Tues or Thurs In Ihe 
month of February Irom 10-12 only. $7.00 
per hour to start. (2125-3/1) 

hAlra hAesa Chlldeate Program. PT mornings, 
anemoons. t2 units req . Educ. Ree. CD. Can 
549-3640. (2125-31t) 

300 SUMMER CAMP POSITIONS: In NY, PA, 
hAASS & MAINE. Need aklls In: TenniS, WSV 
swimming, water-skiing, saling, ,windsurfing, 
gymnaastlcs, eque.trian, basebaN, baaketbaU, 
soccer, hockey, lacrOsse. canoeing. atChery. 
rocII8try. woodShop. ceramics, "tness. dance, 
plano. guitar, r~neering , nu ...... , food 
service. Upperclaumenpreterred.ArIene-l -
Il00-443-6428. (311-4115) 

622·1122 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT - ftsheries. 
Earn S6OO+/weeilIn canneries()($4,OOO+Imonth 
on fishing boals. Free tranapo<1ationt Room & 
Boartl l Mete or Female. For employment 
program caR 1-206-54~155 IXI. A5976. (311 -
3111) 

SERVICES 
00 you need an on-ampu5 Notary PubIc? K 
so, can 587-7911 . (1 /4-613) 

IAadntosh I8xt & grapI'ics scarving. On ~ 
and afIordabIe. Cal Mike 622-1147. (1114-3111) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I Only $5.95. WhIle you 
wall. Xeroxes and more. Near Sl. Germaln·s. 
452-9949. (1119-613) 

Naed~prooa!I!ingdone?V'Mdol1l'l1!1ze 
JOO. any ~djob.lwI aBo do~ W.-led ()( 
VoWIIed. Cal c.wor 481.0364 -*'91. (111 ~ t) 
WORD PROCESSNG---papers, ~, e4e. 
Prootread/SpelCl18Ck.lJIserprinfing. From $1.fIJI 
page. Sharon 481 -7604 ewnIngs. (311-3111) 
SERVICES: NEED hAONEY FOR COll.EGE? 
You may quaIlfy for ftnandaJ assistance regard-
less 01 your GPA. SAT score, or Income. For 
recorded message caU 278-2495 x305. (2125) 

P~mo Hair Design. Ask for Mary AM Gaindo. 
43t3 La Jolla Viftage Or. (Across lrom Family 
Fitness Cenler. upstairs) . 619-455.0046. All 
student haircuts $15.00. (2125) 

Biology tutor. 00 not take your chances on the 
next exam I Call ANNA 793-9174. 12125-311 t) 
WORD PROCESSNG: ~ lor _I AI pIp8I5. 
TabIes,chans. Laaerpr1nled. Cetla63t-«30. (311) 

YOU 'RE PREGNANT ... NOW WHA" Cathole 
ChaMlies MalemaVlnlant Services offers free , 
non' judgmental counseMng. For Information 
about counseing, adoption, 0< our residential 
laelUUes In San Diego ealll -8()().682-9164. We 
care and can help. (311-314) 

CASH FOR COllEGE. Student loans, grants, 
andscholalShipsavailable.-Nolneomeorgrade 

~ramenls. Ap;:tf NOW: send sehddressed. 
s1an'll9d (two s\arT'4lS), &n1l91ope to: Atten: Dallid 
AIcom, Amerlean Educational Services, 6503 
Noonan Lane. San Diego. CA 92t 20. (311) 

SEX ON CAMPUS 

SEIZED CARS, lrucks. boalS, 4-wheelers, 
",,*,,1 .. '. by FBI, IAS, DEA. AvaIIatlIe yoJ" 
row. C&ll~ ext. C-7566. (211 1 ~) 

UNIX TERMINAL and hAODEM . Co~r 
homeworl< at home I $157. Plug In and go. 554-
0414. (211-3111) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4wh •• lers, 
molorhomes, by FBI, fRS , DEA. Available your 
area now. Cal 1~. (2111 -318) 

Bike Frame- Brand new 21.5 Raleigh ·Pe ..... • 
Burgundy·Black ONLY $200.00 o.b.o. Call 
Travis 455-9039. (2118-314) 
Queen Bed ('!l'.,..tallrame, box spring, mat1reIs) . 
Great corttfioil, cleanl 5150. Apple lie (key-
board, manito<, printer). Perfect tor word pre-
cessingl S3OO . hAo~;no + I musl sell. KrIStin 755-
4374. (311-314) 

MAC PLUS, 4MB RAM , S300 o.b.o. 481 -4341 . 
(2122-311) 
Sur1boards for sale. Two 6'I's, one 6'4'. ex-
tremely Ight and rlldk:al dimensions. Contac:1 
Jud. 622.0945. (2/22-311) 

MACINTOSH 1151 , 9MB RAM, 120MB HD, Sony 
1304HG monitor, Appte Laserwrtter LS printer, 
2400 Baud modem, software: hAlcrosofl Word 
5.0 , SuperPaint 3.0, Think C 5.0. ClarisWor1<s. 
$2500,455-5691 . (2122-3/8) 

1970 Volkswagon Sqrbc:k. Automatic, excellent 
condition. baby blue. 50,000, rebuilt, runs great. 
273-8059. (2125-311) 
'84 Mltsublshi STARION Turbo for sale. Runs 
great! CeM Anna 793-9174. (2125-311) 
LASER VIDEO DISCS rental special $1 . Beat 
price on laser video disc players. lazer USA. 
457-3401. (311-3/11) 
HONDA ELITE '90, 5Oec, excellent conditlon, 
runs per1eCl. eeonomicaltransportation + paIk-
lng, helmel. $550. 452-9955 Craig. (311-314) 

Surfboard for sale - 6'8' excellent conditlon. 
552-0920. (3It -3111) 
1986 HyundaiExcetGL,AMlFhAcasse11e,5speed. 
NC, 4 doer ha1Chback, btue, iUi1S + drives pertec:tl 
$2,000. Cal 587-7003 or 587-2807. (311-314) 

Never at a Loss for 
Words? 

• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 
Is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
Write for the Guardian, 

Stop by our office in the Student Cen-
ter above the General Store to apply. I. - - - - - ;i STUDE~~AL ~ Buy ONE MONTH I 

I 10% OFF any i unlimited .. ,a friend gets I 
: clothing purchase I FREE MONTH: 

~ .... Advert.".., 5343481 

eso ESCORT 534-WALK 
Sundresses, bathing suits. sheds, I UNLIMITED TANS 

and other fun summer wear 
with thl! coupon E.p 3/15193. New cUenls .~~~:; ~3""'t studenllD. 

5:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 
Be Safe, Don't Walk Alone! _________ L _______ _ 

rEurope' 
Travel 

. Seminar 
Wednesday 

March 3, 4-6 p.m. 
ueSD Prica Ca.tar· 

eovaloo .. 
Presented in conjunction with the 

U.C.S.O. World Fest '93 
Fr .. frIfomyflonl 

Poor 1'rIu.' 

Council Travel 
LCSO Pncc Ct rt<t(by tilt ~t Offla) 

451-0630 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 
Bikes 

[)eals 
Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Computers 

and more in 
TlleOU ....... 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

r---- ----------------, 

2TANS$1: i I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days ~goo I I 

Wolff 6eds e Facial Ta-ners I I 
'--------

SareI<Otl'i«lOilOIWII' ..J 
·2N IlO.., .... ~.99("""~) 

----------------r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
I I I Guaranteed ... $48 $8& 1/ /lost 11 inches, and my jeans I 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth itl· I I -Mindy, San Diego LOM at least 6ft or you don't payl 
I No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 
I ~~:~ J~NGlE 1.J Jolla I'~ Lama State Col. I I ~251 Holiday Ct. 455-0952 224-9727 697-8014 I 

acrO!l!l !ltreet from EI Tonto I'aelfle ~h "","Ion Valley La Mesa ) ~5~~~ ____ 31-0000 ___ 32~39~ ___ 6$-80~_/ 

Mondoy, .March 1, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Greal training road blkeWOllh accessoriea atone. 
TrBk 560. 23', Scott Aero Bars. Look pedals, 
Turbo seat, Cateye computer, black anodized 
rims, Specialized cages, $275, 622-5518. (311) 

1983 MllSUbishl Tred/a sedan. Automatic, air, 
cassette, 79,500 actual miles. Ex. condition. 
$2,100.272-3183. (311) 

BOSE 901 speakers with equalizer. AIWA F990 
tape deck. Allin excellent condlUon. Brad 631-
4430. (311) 

Mlnolta hAaxxum 9000 35mm SLR. SOmm 1.4, 
70-210 F4.AF 4000 flash. Silk tripod 63t-4430. 
(311) 

Taking a SCUBA class? Buy my gear. Every-
hi , . 

HOUSING 
Own room in large University City house. $260 
per month + utilities. Call 587-0227. (2116-311) 

Female roommate wanted - Spilng quarttlr 
andlor summer Villas 01 Renaissance: 4 pools. 
clubhouse, washer/dryer, underground parking 
close to ea~s and UTC. $300/monlh. Call 
Sherry 452-2568. (2116-314) 

Own room In Playmo,e Terrace. 531S/monlh + 
113 utils. Spacious 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath condo. 
washer/dryer. very close to campus. Preler 
easYi/oing male, juntor, senior or Grad. Call 
587-8980. Alex or Alt. (2118-311) 

QN-{;AMPUS APARTMENT-MATE(S) lor 93-94. 
Must be Third CoIege male(s). I haw GUARAN-
TEED HOUSING prMIeges I:l offer. Cal me. eooe. 
Hahn, at 546-1644 and ... 1 tal<. (2I22-311t) 

Female roommate needed spring qua~er. Own 
roomlbath. Nice lliew in UTC. $42S.Jamee 458-
0355. (2122-1111) 

SPRINGOUARTERand summer. Master bdrm. 
$370-one person, $235-two to share, own bath . 
washer/dryer, pool, bus 10 UCSD. non-smoker, 
non·allerglc to cal. Call Staeyor Usa 625-0821 . 
(leave message) (2122-3/11) 
1 BDRM APT. Very quiet Bay Pari< residential 
neigh-borhood, private, lenced yard. laundry. 
very near UCSD on bike palh, near beaches. 
bay, shopping and lreeway. $4 75/mo • utitities. 
581-2835. (2125-311) 

Solana Beach Studio. Living area, bedroom & 
bath , kitchenette, privateenlrance, turnlunlum . 
beach close, $350. 755-4702. (2125-311) 

ROOMMATES WANTED: 2 single roo!>IS 
available in PB. Cute house. porc~, . $341 + 
utilities . deposit. 270-7857. (2125-314) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Your own master 
bedroomlbath In La Jolla Village TaOllls Club. 
Includes: pool, pool table, jaeuul, tennis, wid. 
T ranslerring and need male to take my place I 
Only $395.00. 554- t 302. (2125-314) 

Need female 10 share existing apartment andlor 
look lor another place. Kim or Unda 453-2092. 
(2125-314) 

Needed: Female student to share room & balh. 
t .5 miles to UCSD. wid. covered par1<lng, pool . 
exercise room, pari< , near Von's, $211 /monlh + 
114 utll. Gall 625-0489 . (2125-311) 

At1enIIon I Ycu own room In a hou5e In P .B. Spring 
0Jat1er. Orly $306. Jason 483-5738. (311-3/8) 

Clairemonl condominium lor sale : Great 
starter- appliances included . 2-bdrm (large 
master) . balh. patio. parking, washer/dryer. 
pool. weight room. jacuzzi, sauna . B90g" lIs, 
lountain. Very allordable In low 80·s . 571· 
0860. (3/ 1-3/11) 

Roomforrent. $350.00. Own bed and bathroom. 
No smokJng. Pool and spa. Washer and dryer. 
2 blocks Irom Highway 52. Available 311/93. 
278-4581 , (3/1 -3/8) 

PB share lurnished 2 bedI2ba condo w/ working 
male, grad student. Pool, spa. balcony, bay 
IIIews. Non-smoker. $400.00. 112 utitities and 
$450.00 dep. Avail. 3rT. 272-3 t29. (3/1 -318) 

Female roommate. Own room. Share bath. $375 
+ 1/2 utilities. Available March 15. UTC area. 
Quiet atmosphere. 455<1544. (3/1) 
Roommate wanted for spring quarter. 5340/ 
mo. + 1/ 3 utilities. Call 558-2076. Von. area. 
(3/1-3/ 11) 

Seeking easygoing, responsible rema le 
roommates lor sunny PB house. Single. 
341.00 + utilities. Laura :270-7857. (3/1·3/ 
l1) 

Mission Beach, to Share Boardwalk over house, 
pool room , entertalnmenl room. wet bar. living 
room. Over 2,400 sq. ft . Private room + balcony. 
$400. Must see. 488-61200r 2744177 , Dann 
or Mindy. (3/1-3/ 4) 

Housemate wanted: Every conce ivable amenity 
In your own master bedroom/ bath . With in 
walking distance or school In La Jolla Village 
TennIs Club. Transferring and need fT1e:e to 
take my place. $395.00. 554-!3\J2 . (3/1-3/ 

FOUND: Caslo Scient. Calculator. 2117 in APM 
2113. Call: 558-7465. (2125-111) 

Do basketball players tend to shoot in streaks? Contrary to 
the belief offans and commentators, an analysis by Tversky 
and Gilovich of games by the 76ers and the Cornell men's 
varsity showed the chances of hitting a shot are as good 
after a miss as after a hit. Their conclusion: "Passing the 
ball to the hot player, who is guarded closely by the 
opposing team, may be a non-optimal strategy_._.Like 
other cognitive illusions, the belief in the hot hand could be 
costly_" 

Course description for Mathematics 13: CHANCE 
Peter Doyle and J. Laurie Snell 

Spring Quarter 1993 
Tu,Th 1:00·2:20, Peterson Hall 103 

This course will provide case study examinations of cur-
rent issues requiring, for their understanding, analys~:; of 
chance events. Typical issues w~ ,::ill consider are: in-
fonned medk~! dcdsions, reliability of political and opin-
ion polls, testing for AIDS, streaks in sports, statistics in 
law, and gambling in the casino and in the stock market. 
We will analyze recent newspaper and magazine articles 
relating to particular issues, and develop the necessary 
probability and statistics concepts in the context of these 
issues. Prerequisites: none. 

t'loyJ 1'UA1 
5EX 
~ QUI OF 

THE Qoe~T' 
G'V£ \N 
®~ ,0 '(OU~ 

............ ; .)!!AMPERl'1T L 

Now at bookstores or call 
1-800-453-3558 

(and mention 019-01-13) 

"Puts the II..!:". back In travel!" 
-TIME 

The new travel guides that tell you everything 
you need to know about travelling when you're 
strapped for cash but ripe for adventure-
from cheap eats and sleeps to off-beat things 
to do for little or no money, Packed full of 
irreverent insights, insiders' tips, and 3 times 
more maps than similar guides . 

II lIEn ........... 1111111 .... 
1ImII.1II11L.n • eu.u 
~~ ~ d.-p -Ir ... d ~JJ. cJ,.;i. 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
HONDA \,..I Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Oaih 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29! $551 
1 . Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor pOints 
3. Condensers 
4 . Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all flui d 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 
9. Check lighlS 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road tesl 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel-injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg . $150) 

1. Compression tesl 
2 Valve adlustmenl t I. Adjusl timing 20. Lube front end 28. Check and recharge 

Replace ' 12. Adjust dwell angle 2t . Cheek & replenish all baneries. ,f necessary 
3 Valve'cover gasket t3. Adjust carburetor fluid & oil levels 29. Rotale lires (il neeeed) 4: Spark plugs. . 14. Ad,ust air & fuel rat IO 22. Cheek electrical system 30. Check lire pressure 
5. D,stfibulor poinls. miXture . 23. Check lor loose & losl 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust slee"ng box bolts 32. Cheek all holders 
7. Air liller. t6. Ad(USI clulch 24. Cheek brakes 33. Cheek cool,ng syslem & 
8. Oil lilter. t 7. AdlUSI brakes 25. Cheek clutch hoses 
9. Gas lilter. and t 8. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Cheek I'ghts . 34. Check exhausl syslem 
10. Engine 0,1 t 9. Cheek & adlusl exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road tesl 

belts lor damages 
Nole' ,or 6-qtondorca,s add $20. Toyota Sup,a •. add $30 Oatsun 200SX .. 1118 sp.,k plug • • add 53S 

Complete $16Q*1 Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job - ~ Special Frontorr~::' · $80) 

We replace: 1. InSlall speCial new pads Brake job includes: 
' .. Transm,ssion input shall 4. ThrowOIJI bearing or Install ,ear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. P,lol bearings 2. Drain old b,ake fluid 6. Adjust Iront III drums) 
I and rear shoes 2. Pressure plate 6. New transmiSSIOn 01 3. Inspeclcomplete 7 Replace front rOlor 

3 Clutch disc 7 Road lesl hydraulIC syslem seals (II rotor. turn) 
. 4. Refill hydraulic ItUid 

Noto: Hyorauhc pans are nOI covere<l Not ,or 4WD Flon, wheel 5. Bleed entire brake syslem 8. Road test 
orlve extra Note. HydraulIC pans are not Induded 

Brand new parts_ Ask about special rates for engine overhauts_ 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile timited warranty_ 

'most cars All prices Include parts and labor_ 

overseas 
AuIDmOllve Repairs 
•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd_ 
695-1990 

\ With this ad. Expires 3If04l93 
Call lor appo,ntment. 

IOI'l,nq ,mel rronl.,1 c" ,/V,,,I,lblro Mondo, rrlday 710 am 6 pm Open Saturday , 



14 PORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 1, 1993 

Outgunned Tritons Respectable in Defeat 
By Blair Ridley 
51aff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
lost in three straight games to the visit-
ing UCLA Bruins on Satwday night, 
15-7, 15-7, 15-13. 

The Tritons, using a ftred-up home 
crowd suppon, remained close in all 
three games before fal ling to the num-
ber-one ranked team in the country. The 
Bruins jumped ahead in the fLrst game, 
1-0. as Mike Sealy bl ked a teve 
Kremser kill. 

Taylor Smith hit through a UCLA 
block to give the Tritons their flfSt point 
of the night. Smith led UCSD in the flfSl 
game with seven kill . 

With the Bruin up 5-2, UCSD' 

Mitchell Yap hit Erik Sullivan with a 
serve to cut the lead to rwo points. Two 
straight kills by UCLA's Dan Landry 
gave the Bruins a 7-3 edge.The Triton 
cut the lead to rwo, 7-5, when Smith 
blasted a perfectly-placed kill down the 
left ide of the court past the OUtstrelched 
hands of the Bruin would-be diggers. 

UCLA then wen! on a 7 -I run, using 
overpowering kills and blocking. 

The Tritons were able to exchange 
ideouts with the Bruins, but could not 

capitalize on them to score poin . 
UCSD ommined a net violation 

whi h handed UCLA the firM game, 
15-7. 

In the second ganle, the Bruin~ poI-
ted theTritonsa I"() lead beforeexplod-

Tritons' Losing 
Woes Continue 
BASfBAII • Tritons dru-p two doubleheaders in a row 
By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

Times have gotten tougher for the 
UCSD baseball team, which was swept 
inconsecutivedoubleheaders on Thurs-
day and Saturday, extending its 10 ing 
streak to five games. 

Despite their 1-7 -I record, however, 
the Tritons have managed to play their 
competition closely, only to fall shoo in 
the Iale innings. This was especially true 
in doubleheaders against Cal Baptist on 
Thursday and The Master's College 
Saturday, where poordefense and a lack 
of timely hitting made the ditTerence. 

On Thursday, the Tritons came up 
with their besl pilChing etTorts of the 
season, only to be negated by their worst 
otTensiveourpul. First gamestatt.er Kun 
Luhrsen (0-2) shrugged otT a slow statt 
to scalier six hits over seven innings, bul 
was outdone by his counterpart. ScOIl 
Grant of the Lancers, who pitched six 
inning of no-hit balJ. 

When relief C31ne in forthe Lancers 
to tart the seventh, the combined no-
hitter was lost. Craig Birkcamethrough 
with a single in the bottom of the inning 
for the Tritons' only hit. Luhrsen' flfSt 
inning, in which rwo runs were scored 
was the difference in the game as Cal 
Baptisl won, 2-\' 

Game two was much like the flrst., as 
neither team could hit much, thanks to 
excellent pitching on both sides. Steve 
Height (1-2) tarted for UCSD, giving 
up a sacrifice fly in the second inning, 

and anol.~er single run in the fourth. 
Once again, the Laj:~rs had the pitch-
ing to rn.'IIch, as Pete Boyer (~-O) wen! 
eight strong innings, holding the TritOn:> 
to only five hilS and no runs. Height 
retired the last 16 baners he faced, but 
the anemic Triton otTensecould offer no 
help, and the Lancers struck out the ide 
in the bottom of the ninth inning, pre-
serving a 2-0 victory and the sweep. 

Saturday's games were perhaps a 
preview of the future Tritons, as several 
freshmen made their flfSl appearances 
and played quite well. Yet the final 
outcome remained the same, as The 
Master' College wepttheTritons,7-3 
and 9-7. Mark Hartmann, outstanding 
in his previous start against Ouist Col-
lege of Irvine, looked as if the week 
layoff hurt him. He couldn't find a 
rhythm, and was rocked early and often. 
The Mustangs CMle up with a six-run 
third inning, one that saw the first six 
Mustangs come through with hits off 
Hartmann. 

Freshman Andrew deGrasse made 
hi f II'St appearance of the season and 
allowed only a fielder' choice in that 
third inning, to give The Master' Col-
lege a 6-0 lead. UCS D mounted some-
what of a rally in their half of the third, 
as Sean Darrock walked with the bases 
loaded. scoring freshman Bobby Arban, 
but that was all the Tritons could muster 
in the third. 

Arban was involved in all three of 
UCSD's runs,scoring in theftfth inning 

Lacrosse Tames Wolverines 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

In spite of lacking pre;.<; coverage, 
new and inexperienced players and poor 
funding, the UCSD' women' lacrosse 
teanl continutS !0 tick its Rodney 
Dangerfield's "no respect" atciUid:: in 
the face of all comers and, as the Michi-
gan Wolverines found out Saturday, 
remain a cut above the field 

The Triton women defeated Michi-
gan 11-9 in a non-1.eague hoOle game 
last weekend. upping their overall record 
to 2-0 on the seasoll Loc Nguyen re-
corded three goals and rwo assists, fol-
lowed closely by Jeannie Clufo with 
rwogoals and rwoassists. GoalieLaurie 
Vanderhaak chalked up 12 saves. 

"We have some really good athletes 
on this team. We have 10, ince most of 
our players have no prior lacrosse expe-
rience before college, unlike the major-
ity of the east coast teams," said senior 
Michelle Reiss. 'To compete at the 
level of these eastern school teams we 

have to leam quickly, and it also help to 
have a great coach:; she added. 

Head Coach Diane Wipple, no 
stranger to the east coast's elevated 
standard of play, explains thai Califor-
nia lacrosse is worlds apart from their 
eastemcounterpans.butis equallyquick 
to add that pure athletici m is far more 
abundant on the We:;l~ shores. "Play-
ers like Jessica Cogan, who are strong 
natural athletes, would be incredible 
lacrosse players had they grown up 
playing the spon. For the level of expe-
rience we're dealing with, our girls are 
doing great." she said 

Their flfSt league victory came feb-
ruary 13 at the expense of UC Irvine, 
with the Tritons trouncing the Anteat-
ers. 16-1. The team travels to Los Ange-
I next weekend to take on frrst-year 
competitors UCLA in its next l.eague 
competition. 

"We have a young team and have 
only been practicing ince the middle of 
January, so we're not playing real well 

ing with a six-poiru owbunit 
Trailing 6-1, the Tritons managed to 

climb back into the game using im-
proved blocking and capitalizing on 
UCLA errors. Smith, Man Brigham 
and Yap all had solo blocks to bring the 
Trilons to within rwo, 8-Q. 

A UCLA timeout killed UCSD's 
momentum and allowed the Bruins to 
regroup after the Triton COI1leback. The 
timeout apparently helped UCLA, as 
they went on a 7-1 run to finish off the 
second game, 15-7. 

Aft.er UCLA claimed a 3-1 lead. 
Rich Bland hit an outgoing Smith kill 
which cut the lead to one. 

Bland made up for it as he teamed up 
withOuisPlihatoblockaSteve Krernser 

hit., giving the Bruins a 6-3 lead. 
Kremser dropped in a service ace to 

makethescore 7-4. UCLA then went on 
a 4-0 streak to stake a seven-point lead, 
11- 4.The Tritons banJed back, capital. 
izing on Bruin mistakes and u ing their 
own strong passing defense. 

Kremser excited the home crowd as 
he bl ked a Brian Wells shol to tie the 
score at 13-1 3.Ua.A quieted the buzz-
ing crowd with rwo lraight points to 
take the game, and match, 15-ll 

Despite losing inthree games,UCSD 
Head Coach Rod Wilde was pleased 
with his team's effort. 'We ided out 
well. We were able to be successful 
against the number-one blocking team 
in the nation all night," he said 

Jason Rrtcnle/GI!JNrJ/,S/l 
Steve Kremser gets a kill. 

Pat Hart tak .. a ,wine durtnc UC5D', doubleheader aptnst The Master', Col_a on Saturday. 
on an Aguilar grounclout to make it 6-2 Darrock. Later, trailing 5-1, UCSD fi- the sixlh and seventh innings. 
AfterdeGrasse gave up a run in the top nally troke out of its offensive slump, With the sun setting and a 9-5 defICit 
of the seventh inning, Arban led otT the tallying four runs in its half of the fourth. to ovefCOl1le, UCSD knew the bottom 
bottom of the seventh with a single. He Eric Quandt led off with a walk, then of the seventh would be its last chance. 
was forced out on a fielder's choice by Buu Aaron lined a single into left field The inning got otT to a good start when 
Aguilar, but Aguilar scored on a double and afteraMiyake was hit bya pitch, the Glenn Nahimascame up with an infield 
by Oui.s Miyake. Ouis Beck got the Tritons had a legitimate rally. With hit and Dirlcsen and Birk. both worlced 
win for the Mustangs, going all seven slugger Marcos Magdaleno at the plate, Bart Jennings for walks, loading the 
innings and giving up eight hits in the 7- Quandt scored on a wild pitch. bases with nobody o.ut. Arban and 
3 victory. Magdaleno then SIll8Sh6:l a two-run Quandt drove in a run apiece on ground 

More freshmen took: center-stage triple and later scored 011 Darrock's balls, but the rally was killed and The 
for UCSD in game two when lefty Ben two-run single,eveningthescore at 5-5. Master's won, 9-7. 
Mangan took: the mound. Mangan was In the top of the fifth, the Tritons got Yales was positive despite defeat, 
greeted rudely in hi collegiatedebutby a scare when Mangan was forced to "Wehadoutstandingpitching(onThurs-
a three-run fLfSt inning, including a rwo- leave the game in the top of the fifth with day) ... abiolutely great pitching. Our 
run triple by Kevin Backes. a painful elbow. On came another fresh- defenseplayedwell,butonlygettingsix 

Dominic Dirksen got the Tritons on man, Marc Alnms, who was stung by hitsintwogamesshowsthatourotTense 
the board in the bottom of the third with solid hitting and poor defense, letting was non-existent. My team won't ac-
a triple of his own, driving in Sean the Mustangs pick up rwo runs in both cept that kind of output.," he said 

as a team right now," said Wipple. "The 
physical ability and the mental game is 
there, but itis going tobeamaneroftime 
before we put it all togelh<:r. The team 
i only losing three players next year to 
graduation. " 

Coach Wipple credits a strong de-
fense led by Reiss and Monique Mikrut 
as the team's key strength, along with 
consistent offensive play by Chufo and 
Nguyell 

"Our goal for the season is to qualify 
fpr the Western Final Four, which is 
going to be heiu h:::~ in San Diego," said 
Wipple. "Our biggest competicivil ~ill 
come from Santa Barbara, who has 
dominated the southern section for sev-
eralyearsnow. Weshouldhaveastrong 
chance ofbeating them this time around, 
especially since they've lost several key 
players and their head coach since the 
end of last season." 

Chufo and Reiss patiently wait for 
their mueh~, but still absent rec-
ognition to come. "We are seriously 
considering nOl wearing anything un-
der our kilts just to get people' atten-
tion," Clufo quipped. 

M. HOOPS: 
UCSD beats Menlo, 
81-66 on Friday 
ContInued from pace 18 

The Tritons- increased the lead 10 
16 two and a half minutes into the 
second half. Moore took an inbounds 
pass on the right side and drilled a 10-
foot jumper to put UCSD up 50-34. 

John Spence was instrumental in 
the run, scoring eight points in the 
first four minutes of the second half. 

Midway through the half, the Tri-
ton ciert ii~= ~~an sputtering. The 
Oaks were abl~ to fmct SUi..I:;~ !)n 
backdoor plays a couple of times as 
Menlo Slaned creeping back into the 
game, closing to within 64-59 with 
five minutes to play. 

'That was a real cold stretch for 
us, our defense just started overplay-
ing," UCS D Head Coach Tom 
Marshall aid. "That wasn't the way 
we practiced it." 

But Marshall called a time out 
with three and a half minutes to play 

to try and settle things down a bit. It 
worked and the Tritons put the game 
out of reach. With 3: 15 to play they 
went on a I: 13 6-0 run , putting them 
up 73-59 on Spence's 10-footer from 
the right side. 

Moore was the game's leading 
scorer with 34 points, while Spence 

ftni~hed with 22. Moore and Lusain 
each had eight rebounds while Lusain 
dished out II assists. 

"You have to give a lot of credit to 
Menlo, they know us well. It was a 
great season and I'm sorry the four 
years is over so soon," the senior 
Moore said. 

"Menlo matches up with us as 
well as ariy·~Y. They have a diffi-
cult time when both Spence and Moore 
are on the floor though. When they 
are, Lusain can run either side of the 
court, it doesn't really matter. But 
Spence and Moore didn' t get much 
rest, so I called the timeout to get them 
some air," Marshall said. 

The four Triton seniors that ended 
their careers were Swindall, Moore, 
Spence and Halte. 

Monday, March I , J993 

SruDENT AFFAIRS FoRUM 

SPEAK OUT, BE HEARD 
Come talk to Chancellor Atkinson 

and Joe Watson, Vice Chancellor Stu-
dent Affairs about current issues at the 
Student Affairs Forum, this Thurs-
day, March 4, at 3 pm in the Under-
graduate Affairs Conference Room, 
located at the International Center. 

This is a rare opportunity to talk di-
rectly with the administration and let 
them know where you stand on the is-
sues that maner to you. Some ideas: 
Parking, Campus Safety, Fee Increases, 
Status of Women and Students of Color 
on campus, and anything else! 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6 :30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers , 
Price Center, Third Aoor. Come and 
get involved!1 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Apply for exciting new positions on 
the ASUCSD Academic Affairs 
Board. For more information, call 
534-4450, or get an application 
from the A.S . Receptionist, Third 
Floor, Price Center. 

NEWSPAPER EDITOR WANTED 
Apply to be Editor-in-Chief of the 
A.S. newspaper. Position is paid. 
Other editors, writers, designers, 
photographers, and other staff 
wanted also. For more information, 
call 534-4450, or pick up an 
application with the A.S. Reception-
ist, Third Floor, Price Center. 

SUN GOD fesTIVAL 
Artwork is needed for this year's 
festival. Do you have the talent to 
draw this year's flyers and t-shirts? 
Drop off your submissions with the 
A.S. Receptionist, Third Aoor, Price 
Center by Friday, March 12. You 
could win a $50 gift certificate! 

ARMENIAN STUDENT AssOCIATION 
End of quarter dinner, meeting at 
Sam's. Meet outside Peterson Hall 
at 6:00 pm on Thursday, March 4. 

ACTIVE STUDENTS FOR AIDS 
PREVENTION 
Meeting Wednesday, March 3, 7 
pm in Price Center Gallery B. Get 
involved with ASAP. Political 
activism, volunteerism; help 
prevent the spread of AIDSI Come 
on by, everyone is welcome. Next 
meeting Wednesday, March 10. 

BEYOND THE MIND'S EYE 
A computer animation odyssey, 
Sunday March 7, 4 and 7 pm in the 
Price Center Theater. Freel 

CAR DIANA AT THE CH~ 
Come kick it at your own student-
run coffee house. Listen to music, 
poetry, or silence. Coffee and food 
at the best prices in town right on 
your own campus. Atmosphere'S 
on the house. For more Informa-
tion, call 62~397. 

CHICANO GRADUAnON 
Everyone interested in participating 
in Chicano Graduation, please sign 
up in the MEChA office. Deadline 
March 5, 1993. For more informa-
tion, come to the MEChA office. 

The UCSD Cuardian 

ASSORTED VINYL LOVES YOU!!! 
CELEBRATE THE COMING OF SPRING WITH THESE GREAT BANDS: 

Acou s tic In·Sto re 
Pertonnance 

Record Release Party lor 
lormer Pi. ies Irontman 

Black F ra nc is: 

Post-TG In· Store 
appearance by Columbia 

Record ing artists and 
Techno Godheads 

CHICANOS/LATINOS 
FOR CREAnVE MEDICINE 
Post-grad panel discussion on 
Tuesday, March 2, 5 pm at the 
Medical Teaching Facility (MTF). For 
more information, call 534-3616. 

MIDDLE EAsT PEAcE1? 
Former White House aide John 
Rothmann will address the implica-
tions of the new Clinton administra-
tion for the Middle East peace 
process, Thursday, March 4, 7 pm 
in the Price Center Cove. Discus-
sion and bagel social will follow. 

MUSIC NIGHT AT THE CHE 
Every Wednesday, 10 - 11 pm at 
Cafe Diana at the Che we have 
acoustic gUitar, piano, violin ... 
depends on our mood. Maybe 
some jazz or even rock. Come in 
and tell us what you want to hear. 
For more information, call 625-
8397. 

POETRy/OPEN MIKE AT THE CHE 
Come read your writings or your 
favorite poet's work every Thursday 
from 10 -11 pm and Midn ight - 1 
am at Cafe Diana at the CM. Rnd 
out how to get your works pub-
lished. For more information, call 
625-8397. 

PSYCHOLOGY CLUB MEETING 
Tuesday, March 2, 5 pm in the San 
Francisco/Santa Cruz Room , Price 
Center. Come join us for an end of 
the quarter pizza party. We will be 
discussing plans for next year. 
Keep a look out for GRE prep book 
sales. 

WARREN THEATRE GUILD 
Presents a comedy by Larry Shue, 
"The Nerd," on Friday and Satur-
day, March 5 and 6 . Performances 
are at 8 pm in the Warren Apart-
ment Commons , and admission is 
free. 

WEST AFRICAN DRUMMING 
On the Hump, Friday, March 5, 1 -
4 pm. Dr. KomIa Amoaku , a master 
drummer from Ghana, will lead an 
open drum session. 

"WIU AIDS BE THE EXTINCTION 
OF THE HUMAN RACE?" 
Come to this pane l discussion with 
field experts on Tuesday, March 2 
at 7 :30 pm in Price Cent.er Ball-
room A. Presented by Faculty, 
Student, Staff Interaction. For more 
information, ca ll 543-3465. 

WORLDFEST '93 
Join this celebration of various 
cultures, featuring musical perfor-
mances , arts and crafts vending, 
ethnic food sales, and cultural 
presentations . For more informa-
tion , call 587-3638. 

LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE 
Come to the UCSA Legislative 
Conference and Lobby Day, to be 
held March 6, 7, and 8 in Sacra-
mento. The conference wi ll include 
prominant legislators, issue panels 
on Fees , Fina ncial Aid, and the 
Master Plan for Higher Education; 
workshops on lobbying methods, 
and a lobby day in which students 
visit legislators. The $20 cost 
includes housing, transportation, 
and some meals. Sign up with the 
A.S . Secretary on the third floor of 
the Price Center. For more informa-
tion, call 534-4450. 

RADIO CAUFAS 
Tune in to radio 
interviews and music 
for the raza Sundays 
from noon - 2 pm on 
KSDT. For more 
information, call 534-
3616. 

IT'S THAT TIME AGAIN ... 

VOZ FRONTERIZA 
Come to the newspa· 
per meeting every 
Monday at 4 pm in 
room 211.3, second 
floor, student center. 
We will discuss our 
next Issue and plans 
for the TV and radio 
programs. 

FILING PERIOD 
FOR 

ASUCSD 
GENERAL ELECTION 

BEGINS TODAY 
RUN FOR A.s" POSITIONS 

SEE THE A.S. SECRETARY, 3RD FLOOR, PRICE CTR 

15 

___ The __ _ 
Distin~ished Gentleman 

P ric e Theat re 

6:30 9:00 11 :30 
I Thursday Ti c k e t s : 
1M h 4th $1 in advance 

arc Ul $2 day of show 

It 's 
I AS Programming Presents: 
inspirai carpets 
w ilh s peci a l g u est FREE I SUNSCREAM 

I Price Center ( Frida y) 
5 :OOpm March~ 
VOLUNTEER FLASHES 

Hey! Are you interested in volunteer work? 
If so, we have a great opportunity for you 
right here on campus! The Volunteer Con-
nection is beginning the application process 
for next year. All positions will be available 
next year, so come on by if you are interested. 

Because of the recent flooding, many 
people need extra help. We need: FOOD: 
tuna, peanut butter, canned milk, beans, rice, 
bottled water, and other high protein staples. 
OTHER: wann clothing, blankets, children 's 
clothes, shoes, socks, rain gear, sani tation 
supplies, diapers, toilet paper, and fl ashlights. 
Most importantly, help by volunteering to 
clean up on site. 

Volunteer Connection is located on the 
second floor of Price Center across from the 
elevator. Come by, or call us at 534-1414. 

A.S. Newsflashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. News1!ashes by filling out the 
fonn located outside the A.S. Secretary's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday al noon for the next Monday 's edition. 



ART 

HIIf 
A Sports Bar 
For The '90s 

Theme bars seem to be popping up 
everywhere. I was particularly 
impressed with Planet Hollywood, the 
Schwarzenegger -Wi His-Stallone 
venture. The walls are decorated with 
movie props and memorabilia, while 
big reen TVs play clip from older 
movi and c ming attractions. 

Of course, there are ports bars. 
Legends and Trophy' are adorned with 
autographed jersey , pennants, bats and 
all kinds of notable sports anifa ts. 

Winners like to hang out at pll es 
like Trophy's and Planet Hollywood. 
These theme bars glorify su ess and 
make people feel good. At Planet 
Hollyw , you see a life- ize replica 
of The Terminator; you don't ~ a 

seven-~ t Howard the Duck. At 
Trophy's, you see pictures ofOzzie 
Smith, but nowhere could I find Jose 
Offerman's glove. 

While the "winners" eat, drink and 
be merry at these feel-good bistros, the 
lonely Irn;ers have nowhere to go. How 
about a new, truly gr vy bar and grill 
for people lacking If teem. 
mecca for the meek. 

I'Ll call it the Hall of Shame, the 
only restaurant that gl rifies the greatest 
screw-up!>, nehead play and mi fits 
in sports hi tory. 

The menu will be only high<alorie 
fare; there's no dieting allowed. If you 
don't leave feeling tuffed and guilty, 
you haven't eaten enough. 

Walk through the doors and you're 
greeted by maitre'd Marv Levy. He'll 
gladly seat you in anyone of the 
distinctive loser theme booths. In the 
footbaU booth, Thurman Thomas' 
helmet is proudly displayed n your 
table. A rem te control at your table 
aIJows you to watch any of Denver' 
Super Bowl defeats. Cringe as Giants 
QB Joe Pisarcik, needing only to kneel 
down for victory, blows a imple 
handoff to lose a grune in '78. And 
proudly displayed on the wall is Scon 

orw . s ki king shoe. 
The basketball booth is a real 

crowd-pleaser. Try on an authentic Bill 
Laimbeer face mask. Pit the '93 
Maveri ks against the '73 7rers. Wat h 
Chris Dudley mi seventeen consecu-
tive free throw . And for those with an 
iron tomach, catch all ten seconds of 
Benoit Benjrunin's c..'lreer highlights. 

The golf booth bring out all the 
ha kers. Enjoy the close-up of Greg 

mlan's anguished face as Larry 
Mize, Bob Tway, On id Frost and 
Robert GlUllez beat the haric with 
mira Ie shots. The Tennis Booth (wear 
only white, plea!>C) i all gassi pre-
Wimbled n as Andre tanks in final after 
glorious tournament final. 

The baseball booth attracts losers in 
droves. ee Joe ielao' manicure set 
under glass. Put a linle pine tar under 
your cap ju like Jay Howell. And 
wat h with glee as Bill Buckner misses 
the squib r in the '86 series over and 
over again. 

There. Don 't you feel much worse? 
I knew you would 

The UC D Guardian Monday, March I . 1993 

Chris Moore, playing In the last game of his career, drives around a bewlkIerecI Menlo defender on his way to two of his 34 points, 

A Win Wasn't Enough 
MEN'S BASKEIBAL1: Tritons win 
season finale 81-66 over Menlo 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Playing for what it thought would be a benh in 
the NCAA toumanlent, the UCSD men' basket-
ball team (17-8) put together not its prettiest or be t 
played win of the year. but it mo t important. In 
front of an est imated 1.1 fan, the Triton took 
care of Menlo College, 81-66, Friday night. 

The game was clo er than the core indicated 
until the late going. hris Moore recorded the fir t 
point ofthegameafter40second ofplay\ hen he 
took a Rodney Lusain pas and sank an eight-foot 
jumper to give UCSD a 2-0 lead. Menlo re ponded 
by driving the fl oor and turning the ball over, a 
problem that would plague the Oaks the entire 
game. Lusain was in trumental in a Triton score 
a ut two minutes later, beating the Oak ' Ja on 
Stamps on the dribble in the ba kcoun and driving 
up the middle all the way to the free throw line. The 
point guard then found nd Swindall under the 
hoop, looping a jumping, left-handed pas to the 
center for an ea y two to make the core 5-2. 

The Triton increa. ed the lead to 11-4 with 
15: 18 to play in the first half when Moore stole the 
ball ju t behind half coun and took it up the left 
ide. He cut up the middle and went up for the 

layup, with Tim O'Malley charging hard from 
behind. O'Malley knocked the ball away, but he 
was too late and goaltending wa called, giving 
UCSD the bucket. 

Moore and Swindall combined for the Triton ' 
fIrSt 14 points, picking up seven each. But UCSD 
wa unable to run away with the game, as it tarted 
to slow down along with Menlo. Menlo dido 't play 

Andy Swindall (44) goes up for a shot_ 
like a team, committing plenty of turnovers and 
other co tlymi takes. Luckily fortheOak ,UCSD 
wa also tarting to how some igns of sloppy 
play. 

But the Tritons kept their lead. Brad Halte tole 
the ball from Stamps with 6:20 to play in the first 
half and pas ed to Moore. The Tritons top scorer 
took the ball to the three-point line and nailed it, 
giving UCSD a 26-20 advantage. Le than a 
minute later Moore truck again from three-point 
land, thi time the left comer, and the Triton lead 
was 29-20. 

UCSD ended the half up by 11,42-31. Neither 
team was hitting the ba kets with any succe , both 
teams hooting 43 percent from the floor. 

See M. HOOPS, Page 14 

NCAA TOURNAMENI': UCSD 
a surprise snub in pairings 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

In a surprise decision, the UCSD men's 
basketball tearn was hut out of the NCAA 
tournament when pairings were announced 
yesterday, despite closing out the season by 
winning 10 of its last II games. 

The Triton fmished the year with a 17-8 
record. One of those losses was to Division I 
Oregon State, and anOlher was a two-point loss 
to tournament entry Rowan College, which 
finished the season with a 25-1 record. UCSD 
also lost to La Verne, another tournament learn, 
by two points, but hammered Cal Lutheran, the 
number-one ranked tearn in the West Region 
for most of the year, by 15 points. Strength of 
schedule was a motive often cited by the basket-
baIJ comminee members for inviting other 
participants to the big dance, but apparently it 
only counted if you're west of the Mississippi. 

The selection comminee picked no inde-
pendent teams to advance from the West Re-
gion. "It' a crime that there are no indepen-
dents from the west," UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said "It seems like the criteria for 
getting selected change every year because it 
sure is different this year from last" 

The Tritons were definitely hurt by several 
upsets in the Minnesota and SOAC conference 
tournaments. Each of those conference winners 
are automatic selections, so the NCAA ex-
tended at-large bids to teams like Cal Lutheran 
that were upset by regionally unranked teams 
such as La Verne, 

The Headline Matchup: Baseball vs. Cal State San Bemardlno, Tuesday at 2:30, baseball diamond. 
Other Games: Softball at Cal State Dominguez Hills, Tuesday. Men's volleyball at San Diego State, Tuesday. 


