
Elsewhere 
OffIci ... W.rn of 
Cult Actlvltl .. 
SANTA BARBARA -
Officials at UCSB are 
expres ing concern over the 
alledged cull-like recruitment 
pmctice of orne campu 
organization . Staff at the 
University Religou Center 
aid they are worried about 

Christian groups that use 
high-pre ure method to 
attmct and retain followers. 
There have been numerous 
complaints from families and 
friends of UCSB tudents. 
although many student have 
learned to take religious 
olicitation in tride and are 

not upset when confronted. 

SDSU Financial Aid 
More Accessible 
SAN DIEGO - Student at 
San Diego State who were 
previou Iy not qualified for 
financial aid may find that they 
are now eligible for various 
federal grants and loan . A 
newly reorganized financial aid 
application is respon ible for 
the increased acces ibility. 
Some of the changes include 
the elimination of an $11 
processing fee, and the fact that 
one's primary residence is no 
longer analyzed in deciding 
financial need. 

Starving Students 
Dine In Style 
SANTA BARBARA - UCSB 
senior Noel Wax, has put his 
business-economics major to 
use early by starting his own 
food delivery service. Armed 
with his inspiration, his 
avings, and a contribution 

from his father, Wax solicted 
various restaurants to join his 
delivery service. A dispatcher 
handles calls from customers, 
who then places orders with the 
restaurants. A driver is sent to 
pick up the food and a service 
charge of up to $3 is added to 
the total cost. The restaurants 
are then reimbursed for the 
price of each 1lY.al. Wax is 
hoping to expand his service 
into other college towns. 

Inside 

BIG SCREEN 
HIATUS: Like Waler for 
Choco/ale opensUCSD's first 
intemational film festival. H1 

SPORTS: Women's 
basketball triumphs over 
Masters College. 12 

I Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .... .......... .. ... ..... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES ............ 3 
OPINION ...•• •• .................••.... 4 
HIATUS ........ : .................... HI 
CLASSIFIEDS ....................•... 8 
SPORTS ....•..••••..• .•..•••..•...••• 12 

, H E u c 5 

UC ANDlEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 14,1993 VOLUME 78 I UE 4 

WHAT THE HAy Police Track 
Threatening 
Phone Calls 

Jason "HI"'"'' .,_u/ill. 

CRIME: The caller impersonate 
a police officer to convince 
victims to remain on the line 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

A series of obscene phone cal ls to female 
UCSD student have left police and victims 
baffled. However. police believe that several 
of the calls fit a similar pattern. 

According to UCSD police officer Jeff Cox. 
the caller phones the victim and informs her 
that he i a detective from either the San Diego 
Sheriff .;Oepartrnent or the San Diego Police 
Department trying to trace an ob cene phone 
caller. 

He then instructs the victim to stay off the 
line for about 20 minutes until the obscene 
caller phones. The victim i told to stay on the 
line after the ca ll comes in to give the "detec-
tive" time to trace it. 

Three to four minutes later, this same "de-
tective" calls the victim back, only now as the 
obscene phone cal ler himself. The caller then 
proceeds to harass the victim, and she feel s 
obliged to stay on the line in order to help the 
detective. 

" He would start breathing really heavily 
and then start masturbating over the phone," 
said one UCSD student who wished to remain 
anonymous. "After a few seconds, I just hung 
up." 

Work .. on Tuesday rush to spread hay over the exposed ground near Hopkins Drtve as 
another winter storm bears down on San DleCo. The hay helps to stop erosion. 

Cox said that even though the victims are 
See CALLS, Page 3 

Students React 
To State Budget 
By Francisco DeVrtes 
News Ednor 
and Julie Pak 
Staff Writer 

Students throughout the univer-
sity are voicing concern over Gov-
emorPete Wilson's proposed 1993-
94 budget and the $134 million cut 
to UC funding. 

Student leaders throughout the 
UCsystem have called for protest of 
the budget decision. and a prote t 
rally has been planned for today in 
front of the Main Gym at noon. If it 
rains, the event will be moved to the 
Price Center Ballroom. The protest 
is being sponsored jointly by a num-
ber of student organizations and the 
Associated Students. 

"I think Wilson is making the 
coming generation pay for the mis-
takes of his state government," said 
Fifth College 'SOphomore Karissa 
Ellis. '''The budget cuts seriously 
jeopardize the quality of Cali fomi a 's 
education system and the ability of 
Californians to compete in the pro-
fessional world." 

Revelle junior Parag Rami 
agreed. "[Wilson's] really screwing 

See REAClION, Page 3 

Triton Pub Set To Reopen Today 
BEER: The popuJar 
hangout has been closed 
since 1989 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

Almost four years after the Old 
Triton Pub was put on ice, the 
popular watering hole open today 
under the direction of a recent 
UCSD graduate who hopes to re-
tum tradition to the campus. The 
opening will mark the endofa long 
journey forthe troubled Triton Pub 
renovation. 

Rob Porter, a 1992 Fifth Col-
lege graduate, will open the doors 
of Porter' s Student Pub, a small bar 
and restaurant inside the remod-
eled Triton Pub at the Old Student 
Center, at 4 p.m. 

"I want it to be a student place. 
I want it to have the same feeling as 
the old pub," Porter said. "I'm look-
ing for a place I would have wanted 
to go to - big portions at a low 
price." 

Porter, 22, said that over the 
four years he attended UCSD, he 
watched the demise of two campus 
social traditions, Tqs and the Tri-
ton Pub. 

While Porter admitted his res-

Jason Hltcl'le II[itW0811 
Recent UCSD graduate Rob Porter stands amId what will be the 
centerplce of the new facility, Porter's Student Pub. 

taurant "won't be the same as the 
old pub," he said, "Once this [res-
taurant] opens and we get going it 
'should bring back some tradition 
to this campus." 

The menu at Porter's Student 
Pub offers a selection oflarge deli 
sandwiches at a cost of $3-4, as 
well as soups and appetizers. In 
addition, the pub has 12 varieties 
of beer on tap, including Samuel 
Adams, Pete's Wicked Ale and 
local favorites from the La 10lla 
Brewing Co. and Karl Strauss' 
Brewery. The beers are priced just 

below local competitors, accord-
ing to Porter. 

The interior of the English-style 
pub will feature mirrors, clocks, 
coasters and towels from British 
brewerie - all part of a gift box 
from a student Wlion at the Univer-
sity of Birmingham, England. 

"I think people are getting ex-
cited [about the new pub]," Porter 
said, noting that 40 or 50 tudents 
have topped by in the past week 
"just to look around." 

The Old Triton Pub clo ed in 
See PUB, Page 3 

• 



2 NEWS 

Non-English Speakers 
Ignored After Disaster 
RESEARCIt New study fmds that California disaster 
services are unprepared to help Spanish-speakers 
By Randy Katzke 
Staff Writer 

A recent UC Santa Barbara study 
indicales Iha! Cali fom ia emergency 
services and media are woefully 
unprepared to communicate effec-
tively with non-English speaking 
residents during the first crucia l 
hours after a disaslcr strikes. 

Second, communication between 
Spanish broadcast media and com-
munity emergency agencies are in-
adequate. And finally, few govern-
ment agencies have bi lingual or bi-
cultural staff who are trained to com-
municate with Spani h- peaking 
populations. 

"The study deals wi th real social 
needsofoursociety The study found 

Ihal broadcast me-
dia, governmen t 
agencies and com-
munity organiza-

lion~ failed to pro-
vide CruCHll II1f r-
lIIutlon to alif-
omiu'., nun-Engl i~h 
\pea\"ing re,idents 
during the 1989 
Lorna Priela t:arth-
quu\..e. 

;\ccor(lIng 10 
Juan - Vinccnle 
Palermo project co-
rese"rcher. profes-
sor of "nthropology 
and director of the 
Center for Chicano 
Sludiesat UCSama 
Barbara. the study 
was "very reveal-
ing; we concluded 
Ihat theexisting pro-
gmms were insuffi-
ciemand we feel this 

"We concluded 
that the existing 
programs were 
Insufficient and 
we feel this Is 

and could alter 
California public 
policy" said Fed-
erico S u berv i-
Velez, a formerUC 
Sanw Barbara assis-
tam re earcherwho 
is now an associate 
profe~ or at the De-
panment f Radio-
Television-Film a! 
the Univer ity of 
Texa. in ustin. He 
added that he'd like 
to see Ihe state of 
California take nec-
essary steps 10 im-
prove emergency 
se rvice during 
"crucial situations." very serious for 

the safety of 
non-English 
speaking Cali-
fornians." 

In conclusion of 
Ihe sludy, Palerm 
and SUbervi-Velez 
recommended 21 
steps to improve the 

is very serious for 
the sufety of n n-
English speaking 

-Jua,..Vlncant Palenn state' ability to 
communicate with UC Santa Barbara its non-Engl ish 

anthropology professor 
speaking residents. 

alifomians. " 
Researchers be-

gan gathering data in Oct. 1989 in 
an effol1 to prepare non-English 
speaking alifomian for erner-
gen y . ituations. Coincidentally. the 
Loma Priela earthquake struck 
Nonhern C;,li fomia sh0l1ly thereaf-

Backup genermors, 
bilingual per on-

nel. a map identifying the areas of 
ethnic and cultural populations and 
a plan outlining the needs of ethnic 
populat ions were among the recom-
mendation . 

111e report al 0 poi nted out that 
ler. since the Lorna Prieta earthquake, 

Paleml added. "When Ihe Lorna some organizations have moved to 
Prieta earthquake hit. Spanish-
speaking residents of Watson, Cali-
fornia were frightened by the sight 
of the National Guard." He added 

correct communication problems 
with minority groups. 

The San Fran i 0 Bay Area 
American Red Cro s has taken sev-

that re earch revealed "the National era! steps to reach Spani h-speak-
Guard unit in Watson at that time 
had no Spanish-speaking workers." 

Overall. the researchers found 
three critical factors affecting the 
communication of state agencies 
during an emergency. 

First, mosl of the Spanish-broad-
cast stations lack backup genemtors 
that would enable transmission to 
continue during a power failure. 

ing populations as well as other 
ethn ic and culturally diverse group. 

According to Andrew Rose. 
spoke. person forthe American Red 
Cros • " the study has allowed the 
American Red Cro s to direct mon-
etary funds to the areas that mo t 
need suppol1 .... We feel that if an-
other earthquake hits, we'll be bet-
ter prepared." . 

ERRATUM 
In the Jan. II issue of the Guardiall, the article entitled "SEAC Spearheads 

ew Paper Recycl ing Effort," the number and type of recycling bins were 
incorrectly tated. There are four bins behind the Old Student Center, for 
newspaper, white paper, magazines and phonebooks. 

IlIo I.CSO w.d.wlls PIdshe<I ~ II1CIlIusdiIp CUirC "'" acadenic.,.. III rdlor "'" -. 
~ ucso. ~ ~ 1hS _In "III loon. _ it_ .. it poIl."""'" ponriUion ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 14,1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~ 
--:;::: __ c .. • 

BRIEFLY ••• 

I DIDN't" ~~ OJ\ I\ER£ 
it) tIID"- .' I CAME. OUT 
IIt.RE. Tt RIOC AND 

\H"~E. filii .' 
\ 

'r\1t\-\ nil") rOll.T l1li0 nil') 
AASOO>.l. (:k 200 ~ 
NII/IJW C~ TEll. /lIE 'III\~ 
m oo! r C~ sn..'IOJ' 

~ A\L 1»-'1 .' 

I ~'{ QRr . 
~~~T"t>.~'MG 
J..t4 ~T()II.ICMl..~ 
COiR .. CT ~~w.t( 

IN*I'~T 
'i~~O 

'Nlli . 'j()J CAAT R,IO£ ~E. 
SLE.D It '10f.J ~T (L1111B 
ll\( I\lll.5 . _--...,--1 

,_ 

-
~ 

II ' ___ 

Police Complete Rape Investigation 
The investigation into the aquaintance rape of a 

UCSD student on Nov. 23 last year has been completed, 
according to UCSD police Sergeant Bob Jones. 

The results of the investigation have been forwarded 
to the San Oiego District Attorney's OffICe for review. A 
decision on whether to prosecute the 22·year-<lld sus· 
pect is expected tomorrow. . 

If the D.A.'s offICe pursues the case, the suspect will 
be notified about where to appear for arraignment. but 
will probably not be taken into custOdy, according to 
Jones. 

The Nov. 9 rape and beating of an Oregon college 
student on Gilman Drive is still continuing, but no 
suspect has been arrested and there are no new leads, 
according to San Diego Police Detective Raymond 
PulSipher. 

UCSD To Host International 
Archaeology Symposium 

An international symposium, "Archaeology in the 
Holy Land: New Approaches to the Past, the 1990s and 
Beyond, · will be held at UCSD from Jan. 28-31. The 
symposium marks a clear departure from previous 
archaeology conferences as it will include discussions 
among some of the world 's foremost scholars about 
Mure archaeological research in Israel and Jordan in the 

21st century. 
Sponsored by UCSO's Judaic Studies Program and 

the Department of Anthropology, the symposium will 
also explore the material culture of every period of 
human history in the Holy Land from the earliest prehis-
toric Hominids up to the early 20th century. 

More than 30 archaeologists from Israel, Europe and 
the United States will participate in the conference. 
Participants will include many of the leading scholars in 
the field, each of whom has conducted major interdisci· 
plinary archaeological research projects in Israel and 

. Jordan. 
Open to the public, all conference sessions are free 

and will be held at Peterson Hall 108. 

Governor Approve. Fine 
Increase for megal Parking 

Governor Pete Wilson recently approved the State of 
California Assembly Bill No. 2289 which wUl change the 
fine imposed for any vehicle parked in a disabled parking 
space to anywhere within the range of $100.00 to 
5250.00 beginning Jan. 1, 1993. The fine may be paid 
in installments if the court detennines that the defen-
dant is unable to pay the entire amount in one payment, 
according to the newly-amended California Vehicle Code 
Section 42001.5. 

~N.xtWeek ••• 

wEATHER REPoRT 
FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 

BEN FREUND, Features Editor 
GORDON HURD, AsSOCiate Hiatus Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWELL, POOto Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NIESa., Hiatus Editor 

And you thought life couldn}t get any better. 

DIIIeII CONIULTMT: James Collier 
ILUllTRATOItI: Miclla Croft. TanI Eoll. Na\II8n Ellin. Speed Farm , jennifer 
Halt. Dominic lobbl • • Man Lun<ll/en. AdrIano Mulloz. Katie Roe. !oj sPOnl 
l1li1111l1li: Joel AmokI. Wilson Cheuna. Mateus Lobbla. ClwlslOlll* Lock . 
T-.MrrtIe 

~: SIlMl\ Dell. Sidney Lyncn. PaUl MacI<ey, jennifer Matthews. 
lOft MI\cheII. Chuck Nauyen. jennifer Vann 
COPYIIUDDI: Michelle Chlq. AIoo Miller. Jess .. Sprln .... Mai-len Tomlert 
ADVllllIUMI ASIIITAIIT: Tn Eoll 

mt1Iy ~ C I993. II !WU _ . IlIo ucso w.d.wl ls not,.....- lor 11"0 """ ~ 
~ ~or~ The_OlIIR5!Oditptbrd"""'-.. .. _cJo not 
necessaty _ N 0CJi,10nI ~ IlIo I.csD ~ re I.IMrIIIr ~ c.IIbIiI. .. 11"0 _ 
SOIOerU. IlIo ucso Q-.IS I\.rcIec: sdeIy III ~ I\fteeIIItm ZOCII 

BEN 8OYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, AsSOCiate POOto Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeM, Associate News EditOr 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

SHANNON 8L£DSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKN~..!..~late Graphics Editor 

MIGUB. IUCIWIMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
IINIOIt ITAPI' WIIITIIII: Jenny Gal8I1II. Den KrwuA. MIUMw RoOInIOn. IIrItI 
RI¥1e. Micllael Sc:I1waru. SheIyI Wotcott 
ITAPl'WIImIII: EIalneClmulo. Kt1tta CJrpent.-. KI!Wn HIMIIOII. _ HwIIC. 
cnrts~. MetISsa~. ~ Jonnson. RocIef1cIcLee. WllndyMcNeitI.llIeIwa 
MOon!. MInII Moort/1y. JUte "-k. Paul PIli •. Ely ~. 1IIIIr RIaIey. l<ara Saul. 
RI\u SUena. Ale .. J. snerm.n. Julie ShemIIn. _ 5l*1li. GfWIDrY ~ 

EdIIoOeI: 534-6580. ~ 0fIIce: 534-34ee. Fax: 534-7e91 
UCSD ~ 9500 Gilman DItve 03U5, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
_1oCaIIon: Second Floor. UCSO!lluatl C-.-.. 'A' 

I 
I 

Thursday, January 14, 1993 

CALLS: Obscene 
caller baffles victmls 
and police 
ContInued from .... 1 
tricked into believing that they are 
helping the police by staying on the 
line, most of them just hang up. So 
far. UCSD police wolting in con-
junction with the San Diego Police 

REACTION: 
Students voice 
opinions on budget 
ContInued from pace 1 
up education in California and 
people should call for his resigna-
tion . ... We're here for the future, 

PUB: Renovation 
of popular hang-out is 
fmally complete 
ContInued from pace 1 
the springof I 989,afier RoundTable 
Pizza's Bullseye Tavern opened in 
the Price Center with the under-
tanding that it would be the only 

vendor of alcohol on campus. Ad-
ministrators at first refused to allow 
acompeting pub on campus, saying 
that the university has an obligation 
to assure a vendor that the compet i-
tion on campu wi II not change from 
the time that the vendor submits a 
bid to provide services. 

However, by the time the 
Bullseye Tavern's contract came up 
for renewal last March, the Gradu-

Department have not had any leads 
on possible suspectS. 

"We' ve had at least six or seven 
reports of variousotherobsceneca1ls 
[that don 't necessarily fit the panem 
described above). There have been 
a real spectrum of calls - some are 
threatening, some are annoying. 
sometimes the caller just doesn't 
say anything," Cox said. 

Cox provided some helpful tips 

for quality education and good ca-
reers, and Wilson is proposing to 
take everything away." she said. 

Some students were not con-
vinced that cuts to the UC system 
were as severe as cuts to other pro-
gram • however. 

"I think that UC education at 
twice the price of what it is now 

ate Student Union (GSA) had per-
suaded the admini tration to con-
duct tho e negotiation under the 
premise that there will be a second 
student pub on campus. The GSA. 
along with the University Center 
Board (UCB) and the As ociated 
Students, had put together a plan to 
renovate the Tri ton Pub into a tradi-
tional EngliSh-style pub at the re-
quest of lhe graduate students. 

Ponersaid he first became inter-
ested in running the on-campu pub 
when he heard of the renovation 
plans early last year. After ubmit-
ting a 30-page proposal to the UCB 
Pub Committee charged with find-
ing a proprietor, Poner was selected 
vendor for the new pub last July. 

According to University Center 
Director Jim Carruthers, Porter was 

The "Sun" is always Tr.-m 0_ "an 
shining at ... I 

2TANs$:[ 
One for you, One for a friend 

·Ars! time clients only with this coupon. 1O'11t s1\IIIIN1 
~onal\ 

Lose 8" Guaranteed seMceS &products 
European Body Wrap-on(y $48 wiUlUCSDI) 

--------------------30TAN 'DAys$29 
ClJII for .utaJls • 2nd 30 ton days $39.99. 2 month minimum. With coupon onlv. &.pl<a 2/14193 

CONTACT LENS 

(OJf<, up/m 1II19J) 

$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 
BAL Sot! Spin BAL 104 

$159 $179 
Complete 
Baby blue, hazel & 
emerald, green 

30 day follow up. 

• .. ,.' ••• 1 ••• 1 •• rvle. 
• Q •• Uty Iy.e.,. 
• ••••••• ltl. "ric •• 

CLAlREllONT 
279-1858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

I 
I 

The UCSD Guardian 

for handling obscene phone calls. 
"If you receive one. just hang up 
immediately, but if you feel threat-
ened in any way, call your local 
policedepamnent. lfsomeoneiden-
rifles himself as a police officer over 
the phone, get their name or identi-
fication number and the phone num-
berofthe police department and tell 
them you will call them back for 
verification." 

would still be a bargain in compari-
son to other high-quality private uni-
versities," said Fifth college senior 
Steve Boxer. 

" I completely disagree with 
Wilson's plan of cuning ocial and 
welfare sy terns, but I think (that] 
UC students paying more is not 
unreasonable:' he added. 

chosen on the basis of his speci fic 
proposal, his experience in the res-
taurant busines and because he has 
financial backing from a silent pan-
nero a La Jolla restauranl owner for 
whom Porter worked throughout 
college. 

Porter and the universi ty negoti-
ateda "contract for services," which 
allow the use of the university's 
building in exchange for a percent-
age of the profits, which will go to 
the UCB. The university has pro-
tected it elf by limiting il liability 
while till re tainingcontroloversuch 
decisions as the level of service and 
hours of business. For example. 
Poner said that he is not allowed to 
open for lunch because of the poten-
tial to draw customers from the 
Grove Caffe. 

A p p A 

NEWS 3 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
UCM.. .... The University of California Student Association (UCSA) 
met last weekend to select the Student Regent finalists. Robert Glenn, 
UCSO's applicant, was not selected, butA.S. President Mike Holmes wrote 
in his weekly report that he has "heard positive thirgs about the three 
(finalists).' The UCSA also took a position against Regental autonomy from 
the State. The Council debated this issue at length in Council Caucus, at the 
request of President Holmes. Holmes wrote in his weekly report. "I feel the 
Board (UCSA) took this position hastily and without the proper student 
representation, ' indicating his belief that the students favor autonomy. "We 
trust the UCSA with many student decisions every day but the fact still 
remains that they are student representatives (elected and appointed) that 
need to infonn and listen to students.' he added. 

Fee ProtMt ItIIIIr - VlcEH'resident Extemal Colin Wilson announced that 
a fee-protest rally will be held tomorrow from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. in the Price 
Center Ballroom. Several speakers from various student organizations and 
faculty from SDSU will speak. The band Terminal Bliss Is scheduled to play. 

Y. Zytveld Reelpatloft - Mandy Van Zytveld, Executive Lobby Oirector 
of the Associated Students and Campus Office Director of the UCSA, 
resigned from both positions yesterday. She cited the large time commit· 
ment, personal differences, and her objection to the combination of the 
positions of Vice-President Extemal and Representative to the UCSA Board 
of Directors earlier this year. 

N.w Student N_..,..,. - The Council allocated funds to The Prospec· 
tus, a new student paper. In a statement of purpose. The College 
Democrats , sponsors of the paper, wrote ·We feel that there is a large 
segment of the UCSD student population which would be well served by a 
politically moderate newspaper: 

L.egaI Funds Allocated - The Council voted to allocate an additional 
$9,000 to the A.S. legal fund, to be used for counsel during the co-op 
negotiations. 

- Compiled by Elaine Camuso, Staff Writer 

BOlh sides said Ihey were salis-
fied wilh the provisions of the con-
tract. and did not foresee future con-
flicts such as the co-ops' current 
st ruggle wi th the university. 

quor license. "The problem b Ihal 
everyone n Ihis campus is under-
age," ht: aid. As a result, the ABC 
insisted that Porter nOI serve beer in 
pilchers. 

Poner said that Ihe biggest chal-
lenge he has faced so far was work-
ing with the Alcohol and Beverage 
Commission (ABC) to obtain a li-

"TheABC isgelling tougherund 
tougher," he said. "If someone tried 
to open this one or two years from 
now. it wouldn ' t happen." 

R E L z o N E 
1'actory Outfet CCothing Stores 

Name brands include: 
• B. U.M. EQUIPMENT 
• EXPRESS 
-TWEEDS 
- GENERRA COLLECTION 
a and many other name brands 

too low in price to mention 

- Miramar 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

- Pacific Beach 
931 Garnet 
483-5150 

·SDSU 
6663 El Cajon Blvd. 
460-4370 

• Escondido 
Escondido Promenade 
737-6167 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editor/a; Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD GuOJrJlan I. published twic •• _ e. the UnIverslI)' of C.hfomle. San 0ieC0. Contento 
e1993. V_a ._pr.ased he<oln re",_ the mojofity lOOt. 01 the edotorill boMd. ond .,0 ,..,. 

""" ..... niy \/lose 01 the UC 8o11td of Recents. the ASUCSD. no< the entir. Gu_ stall. 

Thank You For tll8 Budget, 
Governor Wilson - Again 

"The UC is in dire financial straights, and as is always the case, 
tudents will be forced to pick up the multi-million dollar tab in the 

fomlOfhigher fees .. . While balancing a budget i by no means clean 
or ea y, Wil on has done nothing shon than evi erate an already 
feeble public chool y tem. 

"Wi lson's budget proposal is an ill-conceived quick lix which 
couldn' t come at a worse time for many Califomian ... inevitably, 
this new fee increa e will take its toll on an aLfe<'ldy overburdened 
. tudent body. 

"[nstead of finding quick fixes and sucking more money away 
from the nearly empty wallet of srudents, the Govemor need to 
come up with a long-term budget plan ... Cutting back on large-scale 
bureaucracies would be a good step." 

ound familiar? It hould. Anyone who has had themi fortune of 
being a student here in the last two year ' might recognize those 
words from editorial we wrote after the last two state budgets were 
released. Ln what is becoming agrimannualtradition. Governor Pete 
Wilson has lashed state funding to the U niver it y of Cal i fomia, And 
while the propo ed cuts are taggering, the wor t may be yetto come. 

Last Friday, Wilson announced his proposed 1993-94 fiscal 
budget which will cut $13 million from current C funding. The 
news gets worse - the univen.ity neet' 'd a $105 rmllion increase in 
funding just to mainlUin current level of operation and accommo-
date anticipated in fe<IS in eligible graduating eniors. TIli trans-
lates to a $234 million dollar shortfall , accordil1g to UC Spokesper-
son Mike Las iter. 

What does th is year's version of the governor's grisly tradition 
mean fort he univer ity? To meet the shortfall , there wilI be mas ive 
layoff and pay cuts t university employees. And fee hikes - fee 
hikes that will make the $604 increa e approved in ovember look 
like small potatoes. 

Assemblyman Archie Hudson (D-Los Angeles) e timates that 
fees could be increa ed to $5,504 per year, if the deficit is met olely 
by student fees. While thi probably won 't be the case, a $1 ,000 fee 
hike would seem optimistic at this point. 

The budget picture could worsen in May. Forthe past three years, 
the January budget ligures have been optimistic when compared to 
the updated "May revise" figure . 

Admiltedly, the governor has very few options, but hi repeated 
raid into education ' s treasure che t have gutted the tate' public 
education ystem. With more money going toward prisons as the 
education budget is gutted, it' easy to conclude that Wil on 's 
priorities are rather skewed. 

UC President Jack Peltason and the regents would be ill-advised 
to rely on fee increases, layoffs and faculty pay cut to get through 
another year. Toquoteanold fairy tale, "the cupboard is bare." It will 
take more to see the university through Wilson's short-sighted 
tenure. 

To meet the budget shortfall, Peltason and the regents should 
examine reducing the university bureaucracy. This means cuning all 
executive benefits. downsizing administrative departments and 
eliminating any needless administrative positions. Any other course 
of action will find the university in the same sinking boat at this time 
next year. 

And frankly, we're getting tired of writing the same editorial. 

Thumbs Up to the 
Triton Pub ... 

.. .for re-opening it doors today. The Pub, which was closed in 
April 1989, represents a return to the glory days of UCSD campus 
life, at a university sorely lacking in tradition. 

One of the most frequent complaints among UCSD tudents is the 
lack of a ense of community on campus, and this complaint is not 
without ju titication. There are, at best, very few places on campus 
or in the urrounding area where UCSD tudents can go to meet and 
ocialize. With the two-year renovation of the Pub now complete, 
tudents wi ll have another place on campus to relax, 

The re-opening of the Triton Pub won't instantly revitalize the 
moribund ociallife at UCSD, but it' definitely a tep in the right 
direction. 

The UCSD Guardian Thureday, January 14.1993 

INION 
COMING SooN.TO UCSD .. 

'93 
AI Spong,IGuan1Ian 

YEAH, I'M A BITTER MAN-
GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT? 

COMMENTARY: All this talk about self-e teem, sensitivity ~ shiny, happy 
feeling can't disguise the reality of one's sad, miserable, mediocre existence 

BEN 

IIJY[J{UK 

It 's tough to be bitter these 
days. Bill Clinton is days away 
from taking over the White 
House, the economy is statt-
ing to come back, the San Di-
ego Chargers had their best 
season in almo I a decade and 

content of the GlIardian, and how she dislikes reading my 
atticles because of their rabid negativity. r chortled at this 
news, and entertained myself momentarily with visions 
of this future ward of the state reading one of my dark 
passages and sobbing quietly about "the cruelty of it all ," 
or perhaps just sighing sadly and saying to herself, "Wow. 
What a bummer." 

the great chimes of democ- What a bummer, indeed. The whole university expe-
racy and freedom can be heard rience, quite frankly, has been a bummer. And high 
worldwide. Yes, it is a new school wasn't much fun, either. Politics is an enormous 
day in America. The future bummer, in my opinion -'as I'm sure it is for countless 
looks so bright, I gotta wear.. . others, especially as the Messiah from Little Rock pre-

Who am r trying to k.id? pares to make the nation safe for taxes and the glorious 
There are plenty of reasons to state of California is aboullo take another chunk out of the 
be bitter these days - so many University of Califom ia 's anem ic budget. 

that ten fat volumes could easily be written describing In recent weeks, all of my friends and colleagues have 
them and till not be a complete account. ...... '""~~,.,.,..'1"'rnl goaded me to one extent or another to write 

But being bitter still isn't easy. For one, what I have come to refer to as "the shiny 
it's not a socially acceptable thing to be. It 's happy column" - the one glowing essay 
reputed to be bad for one's self-esteem, I could point 10 weeks down the road as a 
and, for that matter, the self-esteem of semi-honest attempt at embracing some-
others. To be truly bitter requires some thing good and beautiful in the world, 
degree of patience, honor, endurance and And. believe me, I tried, I sat for hours 
intelligence, which rules out 97.4 percent in front of my computer, staring intently at 
of the population, leaving them to be sim- Is..... the blank screen, Irying desperately to think 
ply mad or abjectly depressed. .. ......... '" of something - anything - positive or 

A friend and former roommate of mine Does .... uplifting to say about my fellow students, 
~~;;~:~lrn:XSc!~t~~:~~~ offend one's :O~f~~! Q~~e~:~~:r; ~S~!~ 
ity of California, he had briefly contem- .......... _, dry list of OIhercauses which, Lord knows, 

plated retrieving his ritual suicide knives Of COI8'M It need as much positive thinking and uplift 
and ending his apparently lackluster life, as they can get. da •• a.C ... or, at very least, dropping out and becom- B"ut they won't get it from me. Because 
ing an even greater burden on his retired If there .. one as the days, months and years pass, I rml-
parents. .......mast ize more and more that this shiny, happy, 

This friend of mine, a nOleworthy ex- ~. _ cutey-pie, glowing, feel-good-hit-of-the-
ception to my generalization about the third- season business is as substantial as a diet of 
rate character of most students and a misan- ... ItucIents pop rocks and Fresca, and about as palat-
thrope after my own hean, seemed some- ....,adlllly _ able. All of this ex pen psycho-babble from 
what di heanened about the tone of thi lack, It .. educators, psychoanalysts and other such 
particular piece and was in obvious need of frauds about self-e teem. sensitivity and 
reassurance that things aren't nearly as bad genuine diversity is pure bunk. It 's all symbolic 
as they seem. I told him he would get no fortitude ... clap-trap, a desperate, clawing attempt to 
uch reassurance from me, and damned ... ignore the obvious reality of one' sad, 

him forthwith for thinking a much. He COlI. miserable. mediocre, $4OO-a-month-rent-
thanked me graciously and jovially terminated the call. 

Another friend and colleague informed me of an 
encounter he had recently with a woman with whom he 
had a class. Their conversation turned, strangely, to the 

plu -utilitie existence. 
America has become 0 touchy-feely, so sen itive, so 

absolutely paralyzed with fear of offending itself, so 
See Brn'ER, Page 6 

Thursday, January 14, 1993 

BASEBAIJJ~S 
CREDmillTY 
IS SCHOTT 
COMMENTARY: Marge Schott 
struck a raw neJVe with her racist 
and anti-semitic remarl<s, and 
baseball is about to pay the price 
By Ben IJIvine 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Ever since r tarted following ·baseball, the 
Cincinnati Reds have remained my favorite 
team. Who can't remember those glorious days 
of the Big Red Mach ine during the 1970s led by 
baseball greats Johnny Bench, Pete Rose and 
Tony Perez? Even during the I 980s, the Reds 
have been formidable contenders in the NL 
Wesr. 

Yet, even during their gradual collapse from 
a pennant contender to a gaggle of media circus 
freaks, I knew in my hean that this team would 
bring back the pennant. And when they did so in 
1990, sweeping the Oakland Athletics, I paid 
little attention to stories reporting the ridiculous 
activities of the front office, led by none other 
than Marge Schott. 

As of today, I am no longer a Reds fan, or a 
fan of Major League Baseball, for that matter. 

Even after the scandal involving Rose's 
gambling and tax evasion problems, after the 
trade and release of Reds stars Kal Daniels and 
Eric Davis, after the resignations of talented 
baseball operatives Bob Quinn and Lou Pinella, 
I stuck with them, although tllis faith had been 
severely damaged when Schott's dog, Schotzie 
n, had an impact on the front office woes. But 
what shook my devotion not only to the Cincin-
nati Reds, but to all of baseb.1l1, should disrupt 
the love and joy fans all over the world hold for 
Major League Baseball. 

Schott made discriminatory remarks toward 
African-Americans and Jews during a deposi-
tion concerning a wrongful te.rmination suit by 
one of her ex -employees. This not only demon-
strates how racist and incompetent this old 
crone is, but also exposes and reemphasizes the 
racist discrimination that runs rampant through-
out the ownership and administration of base-
ball. 

Jesse Jackson had called for a boycott of 
baseball, not only because of Schott's racist 
remarks, but for something that has been largely 
known but ignored by baseball fans - the lack 
of minority hiring in front office management. 

Some would contend that because Schott 
had allegedly made these remarks to her em-
ployees, we shouldn't be so hasry in passing 
judgement. Yet, Schott 's responses to whether 
she had called one of her players a "million-
dollar nigger" or whether mentioning to a Jew-
ish employee that Hitler may have had the right 
idea were half-hearted denials such as "maybe" 
and "I don't recalL" Mike Downey of the Los 
Angeles Times argued that such accusations 
deserve outright denials if the remarks were 
truly not made. This and multiple accusations 
made by other people shadow her defense, 

I waited for the owners' response to Schon, 
who had dealt an embarrassing blow to the 
game's already-tarnished image. Forget the fact 
that owners are dishing out ridiculously high 
salaries that won't be backed up by rich televi-
sion contracts but by higher ticket prices. Forget 
the forced resignation of Fay Vincent as com-
missioner of baseball because the owners didn't 
like having decisions made "in the best interest 
of baseball." Forget the lifting of the lifetime 
suspension on pitcher Steve Howe who had 
been previously banned seven times for drug 
use, the return of George Steinbrenner to Y an-
kee ownership (although baseball won't be as 
boring), and another potential spring lockout in 
1993 because of more labor disputes. 

The owners had a chance to redeem them-
. selves and restore faith to the baseball fans that 

they could maintain internal order in their own 
ranks. BUI in the end, the response was delayed, 

See SCHOTT, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COIWENTARY: Governor WLlson's latest budget proposal and continuing apathy by 
students and administrators alike have left students of color with nowhere to tum 

No RELIEF FOR PEOPLE OF COLOR 

GAYE JOB 

In I 989,newly admit-
ted African-American 
students UC-wide num-
bered 1,177. rn 1991 , the 
number of African-
American first-year stu-

dent~ enrolled UC wide, 
was 807. Fall 1992 fig-
ures indicate that 
Chicanos represenl 8.2 
percent of the student 
population at UCSD, Na-
tive Americans are at 0.8 
percent, and African-
Americans are at 2.4 per-

cent. The fee increases are leading toward the 
demise of students of color in academia. and 
despite the fact that next year's staggering in-
creases (POSSibly up to $2,500) will effectively 
eliminate some white students as well, they still 
constitute 49.8 percent of this campus popula-
t.ion. Projected figures for underrepresented stu-
dent enrollment are hardly worth mentioning at 
the rate the UC is going. The idea of ethnic 
c1eano;ing is not solely characteristic of Bosnia 

One always nms the risk of sounding redun-
dant when writing cOlTU11elUries about issues 
like inaccessibiliry to education. The fact is that 
minimalist changes in social and educational 
policy force the underrepresented to repeat fun-
damemI demands that are upposedly inalien-
able rights. 

In the late 196Cs, the Black Panthers initiated 
what they called the Ten Point Program, which, 
among other things, called for helter, food, 
housing, justice and peace for black Americans 
- doesn't sound like much to ask. Thirty years 
later things have gotten worse for people of color 
allover the world in the economic scheme of 
things. 

As people today are denied access to funda-
mentals, higher education becomes no different; 
we are either rewarded or penalized because of 
who we are and where we come from. Approxi-
mately 50 percent of the students who are a part 
of this campus are white and 11 .2 percent are 
"underrepresented" (African -American , 

Chicano, Native American). Who is being re-
warded? Who i being excluded? 

In reproducing the system that created it, the 
educational arena, lauded as a system of deliver-
ance from poverty - and many times as a virtual 
redemptioll of one's ethnicity - has determined 
who belongs and who doesn't, and the upcoming 
increase will be the final twist of the knife in the 
backs of the underrepresented. 

Apathy on the part of people who have no 
stake in this is understandable, even, many may 
venture to say, natw'aI in the scheme of human 
history. r am tired of hearing juniors and seniors 
of color say, ''I'm just trying to get out of here." 
Because inevitably following that is a first-or 
second-year student with as much stake saying, 
"I don't know what to do." 

For many of us, it is all we can do to remain 
in school, especially when it comes to fmancial 
problems, cultural irrelativity in the curriculum, 
and particularly the mind-boggling ignorance on 
!hi campus. WhatIam suggesting is not to throw 
everything down to boycott classes, but to do 
something, anything, that at least acknowledges 
that you exi t on this campus. 

Recently.l saw on TV an interview with a 16-
year-old gang member in Los Angeles. TIle 
majoriry of the members in his particular gang are 
members of families who were refugees fleeing 
the political tunnoil in EI Salvador. This I &.year-
old expressed th is complete absence of hope in a 
few sentences: "We know that we ain't never 
gonna be doctors or rich or whatever. cause we 
know that that stuff in', meant for us. That's 
meant forthe white ~ple. And since we already 

have been knowing that, we don't have a use for 
going after it, and we just protect what we kllOw 
is ours, and that's from this street to that street." 

What hedid by saying thm was bre:lk all of the 
bureaucratic and intellectual double talk into 
what the Right has been showing us ' ince the 
beginning of imperialism: what we have is ours, 
and what you have is yours. Makes no difference 
who stole what And that brings me to UCSD. 

Mo t of the student populat ion come from 
areas where they don't have to see this hopeless-
ness on a monthly basis. And those of us who face 
iton a daily basis are continually reminded by the 
ignorant remarks of the unexposed that igno-
rance i bliss. 

What low-income and underrepresented stu-
dents need is what we were prom ised. and that is 
equal access to education. The dwindling sense 
of entitlement among these students is directly 
attributed to our lack of acce..<;s and perpetual 
challenges of our capabilities. There are more 
black males in prison than there are in college, 
and who did the state give more money to while 
simultaneously cutting education? The "correc-
tional sy tern." 

I refuse to believe that the administration on 
this campus has no say in the future of students of 
color on this campus. Don't insult our collective 
intelligence. 

If the UC system can make million-<lollar 
deals in industJy and power. support nuclear 
arms during the Cold War, and hire the people 
they do to represent this sy tem (which we will 
soon be jokingly referring to as "educational"), 
then it can certainly retain the few students of 
color they have remaining on this campus. 

If the retention of students of color isn't 
followed through, I think we'll all know that it 
doesn't maner how much we k.now; we are still 
just a bunch of uppiry, want-to-be mainstream 
people in the eyes of those in power. Be you a 
senior administrator or a student in the "big 
house" we call UCSD, the young gang member 
peaks the truth if we are not taken care of. Just 

because we may live in the "big house" doesn't 
make us any different from the worker in the field 
in the eyes of the decision-makers. , 

QUESTIONS ABOUND REGARDINGCHE FLYER 
Editor: 

I like the ~. Its food and politics are any-
where between weinl and wonderful, depending 
on one's taste. I hadn't been there in a while and 
thought I would see how it was this time. The 
food was good as ever, but I found a flyer poSIed 
on the bulletin board that I didn't like, and it's 
something for your readers to think about: 

THIS H"'~' IS ... 

I have someq!JCSlionsand cOl1lll1Cllls I would 
like to direct to the author of the flyer. F'rrst. do 
you suppcxI the UCSD policy against fighting 
words? ''Fucking iditts" and so on w041d seem 
to indicare that you are willing to make excep- . 
tiom (or people whose opinions are IlOl suffi-
ciemy poIiticaUy correct 

Second, I ncxice that you did not sign your 
flyer. 

~,ldornagreewihPhyllisSchlat1y, 
Ray Dunakin or Limel Van Dcertin. You must 
feel the same abotI some o( them. Do you feel 

READERS' 

FDHIfM 
The Guardian we/cotne$leftetS and coomentarles (/0171 /15 reIKJ. 
elS. Nllefters must be 110 Iorfler tIIa1 tIItee paffes. (yped. <JoubIe. 
spaced and ~. ~ reseMl the rtIht to edit for IenfIth and 
clar1ry. SencI _I fel!BlS to: 

The Guardian 
OpInIon Ed/lDr 

9500 GilfTlIIIl Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. ~ 9209J{)316 

that there should be any forum where people with 
wrong opinions, even hateful opinions, be al-
lowed to speak their piece without harassment? 

I also have some questions for the folks at the 
Che. I found this flyer on your bulletin board. It 
was thought-provoking enough that I took it with 
me as I left. Do you. as a co-op or as individuals, 
support this flyer'! 

Since you are political activists at the ~ and 
all but two of the name and phone number tabs 
were gone, I presume thai at least some of you 
have done as the flyer asked. If so, did you find 
that Mr. Dunakin was interested in debating with 
you? Was he receptive to your ideas? Did you 
convince him of your viewpod? Did he con-
vm any of you? Was he, indeed, a "tucker'?" 

F'lnally,Mr. Dunakin: Did you get many caUs 
or visits? Were they polite? Stimulating? Do you 

feel more receptive to homosexuals now? 
While I do not agree with Mr. Dunakin's 

opinions, r do sympathize with the problems t11at 
expressing them has brought him. 

Name Withheld 

More Biblical Debate 
Editor: 

This debate that is raging on and on in the 
paper over homosexuality and the Bible is great. 
We have one group trying to justify their 
homophobia with words from the Bible, while 
another group is tJying to help people understand 
that there real Iy is nodifference between a homo-
sexual and a heterosexual, that we are all people. 
Why should it bother a person, such as Brian 
Tietz or Michelle Persaud, whom I sleep with? I 
am the one that sleeps with them, not you. 

Can anyone remember what the last big 
debate over the Bible was, when one group tried 
to base its argument on the Bible while the other 
used common sense? WeU, let me refresh your 
memory: it was slavery, for years justified in the 
United States and elsewhere because the Bible 
said that it was all right. Wow, imagine where we 
would be today, or better yet, look where we are 
today, still unequal .. . do we let this continue to 
happen, or do we try and stop it now? Ms. 
Persaud, I would also wonder if you know that in 
the Bible, women are not to speak unless spoIcen 
to. Are we being selective about what we pay 
attention to in the "Great Book" and what we do 
IIOI? 

The one quae that I will rake from the Bible 
is this: Proverbs 29: 18 "without vision the people 
will perish." Boy, do we need a 101 of vision. 

Joshua Lawrence 



6 OPINION 

World F~deralist Assn .. United Nations Assn. ojSan Diego, 
Physicians for Social R~sponsibility and 

Foundation/or Global Community 
present 

Dr. RoIIIrt I.LlYI ..... 
Pre ideru, National Physicians for Social Responsibility. 

Professor Emeritus, UCSD 

Art H._llo .... lcally Pr ........ ' to FIIIIt, 
utllItI .. to War? 

and 
s.. Hlntel. San Diego's favorite folk singer 

WIllI: 
Thursday, January 14. 1993 
7:15 p.m. 

UCSD Cognitive Science 
Building. Room I 

Admission is Fru- For information call 223-4(J()7 or 453-6131 

-lnduda: 1!1fj f:Ka.utJo. t ~'.d It .. filii",. follow-.p NI. ,,.... .. .t care lit w, .... tieM. 
Otrer "01 pod with •• ,. olM.. .peri,1. 

For appointments or information 455-5795 or 
call the Optical Department at 622-93&5 

t= 
o 
;3 
:;' 

<-2. 
~ 

~ 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BI'IYI'ER: Being 
a misanthrope is a lost 
art fonn these days_ 
CoIIIIIIIM .......... 4 

~masculol~d. that it has taken on a 
sort of pII'8IIOid, tijHOeing character 
- like a drwlt husband who takes 
pains not to waite his wife coming 
home It four in the ~ after a 
nigN out with the boy~ He tries so 
hard 10 avoid knocking over that 
nowa' vase in the haJJ that he steps on 
thecal, hits his head on a hanging fern 
and falls into grandmother's antique 
curio cabinet. In short. no matter how 
hard he tries to stay out of trouble, he 
ends up getting into it worse. 

Is this a "bummer"? Does this 
weaken the spirit and assault the mind? 
Does this offend one's sensibilities? 
Of course it does. Because if there is 
one thing most Americans - and 
studenlsespeciaJly-lack, it is genu-
ine fortitude and courage. Most 
people. faced with the unpleasant. 
will do an about face and nee. Pre-
sented with heart wrenching photos 
of starving third-world children and 
weepy pleas from Sally Struthers, 
most people will hastily scrawl out a 
check and. having fed a village some-
where in the sub-Sahara, pat them-
selves on the back for doing good and 
resume their mediocre. hypocritical 

SCHOTT: Her 
comments reflect racism 
in our national pastime 
ContInued from pece 5 
and I refuse to waste any more faith on 
baseball hoping for more than a repri-
mand for Schott. 

Money talks, Schott walks. the 

lives. 
People like 10 feelSood. People do 

not like 10 be ''bumrnoci" They like to 
see shiny, happy faces and read shiny 
happy 1hinp.Iponnce, being bliss-
ful. is just .. prevalent today IS it ever 
WIS. and people, being lIlOIIIly igno-
rant. continue to hold a smiley-face 
button rnemality and spout such max-
irns as "if you don't have anything 
nice to say, don't say it ar all," and 
''pcople whonecd people are the lucki-
est people in the world_" 

But bitterness - sweet, pure. un-
adulterated. spiteful bitterness .... 
Now thot is an art. It is all too easy to 
dismiss some oflife' s fUlesl pleasures 
as "too inttoverted," "anti-social" or 
"depressing." Liberty. one of life's 
greatest pleasures, has been smashed, 
uashed and generally diss~d for cen-
turies for such reasons -certain free-
doms offending the public's sensi-
bilities and so on. 

Some of life' s greatest pleasures 
- other than sex, and that may be 
overrated - are experienced in soli-
tude. There is nothing more uplifting 
than driving 70 miles per hour alone 
down an empty hishway during a 
downpour at one 0 ' clock in the morn-
ing with Buddy Guy wailing the blues 
at top volume and the music straining 
throush the car's over-driven, under-
powered speakers. 

There is nothing more stimulating 

winter meetings are a joke and every-
one is beginning toconcludethat base-
ball is going to be destroyed by those 
who control it 

I feellJUly sorry for the people of 
Cincinnati and for those who play for 
the ReGs. Cincinnati fans are out-
raged with Schott. How can minority 
players continue to try to win games 
for a racist bigot who cares nothing 

Thunday, January 14, 1993 

dwI pouring over any number of es-
says by Mencten under a 4O-wlllt 
reading lamp in a room without any 
heal and Samuel Barber on the hi-fi. 
Thr:re is nothinl more gralifyinl than 
the knowledge that people were IS 
asinine three-quarters of a century 
ago as they are today. 

There is nodtiog more soothing 
than a walk through campus in the fog 
of a damp February night, reflecting 
on the rigors of the day. perhaps re-
calling the latest One Who Got A way. 
and whistling a Wagnerian tune. 

There is nothing more awesome 
than watching an electrical storm 50 
miles away on a plateau in the middle 
of the New Mexican desen, seeing 
the mighty black clouds lumber for-
ward absorbing the pale blue sky. 

There is nothing more refreshing 
than standing on wind-swept cliffs 
the moming after a storm has passed 
throush - the air is never so clean, 
the sky neverso blue. theshrubi never 
as green. 

But these pleasures are fleeting, 
and the world - with its pranling 
PTA mothers. its barking dogs. its 
ranting political activists. its syco-
phantic appliance salesmen. its plas-
tic celebrities. its hollow culture -
must inevitably reassert itself. This I 
can accept. Whar I cannot accept is 
the idea that I should somehow have 
to grin and bear it 

about them? Ohio SenalOr Howard 
Metzenbaum has already called for 
the removal of baseball's special sta-
tus that classifies it as a sport rather 
than a business. giving the owners 
certain tax breaks and privileges. 

Unfortunately. it may take an act 
of God to penetrate the thick skulls 
thar continue to ruin what was once a 
proud tradition of American culture. 

FINANCIAL AID ALERT 
FOR 1993/94 

,p.. 
~ 
-a 
:3 

~ 
:::r 

~ 

8 
~ 
0 
---. 

-~ 
b-
~. 

~ 
• 

• 8. aware tltat Financial Aid fund. 'or 1993/84 
wi" be tlte mo.t "mlted UCSD Ita. ever had and 
that it i. imperative to apply on time. 
Applications for 1993/94 financial aid, the FAFSA (Free Application 
for Federal Student AId) were disseminated at the Bursar's office 
last week during winter quarter check distribution. This year applica-
tions are n21 being mailed to students. If you do not yet have an 
FAFSA, pick one up at Stugent Financial Services. It must be su~ 
mltted by the deadline date of March 2,1993 to be considered for 
UCSD 1993194 funding . 
New for 1993/94: Graduate students must also apply by the 
March 2,1993, deadline. Graduate applications were mailed to your 
departments. If you have not received one, pick up an FAFSA at 
Graduate Student Financial Services. 
~ Cal Grant or Graduate Fellowship applicants must 
additionally complete and have the Registrar's Office confirm the 
California Student Aid Commission's GPA Verification Form by the 
March 2, 1993, deadline. 

~ II f19!2!Y CALL US! Hours: 
... nnvww.. 11 am-1 am Sun.-Thurs. ~ : . . t:LINO'S 4S2-UCSD 11am-2amFri.&Sat. 

Seven FAFSA Workshops will be conducted by SFS from 
January 29-February 22. Suggestions will be offered on completing 
the application and your questions will be answered. Refer to the 
yellow financial aid information guide or watch the Guardian for dates 
and times. 

11owYou Uk" PIzza AI Home 3211 Holiday Court OPEN fOR LUNCHI 

_~-FiEE!_nIFRH:;-iN1Wi NEW! 

: FREE! 99¢ i 
I GARDEN FRESH SALADsM I NEW DoMINO'S I 
I & TwISTY BREAOTM -.. I TwISTY BREADTIoI I 
I you "'"r-~ I ....... toppinspuu.,""""' prb. IIONU$o I HwiJlyllmds p<rordor.~ .. ua.includodlS1.99 I I IJ." Mrdl .... OriaiNl HopplnspiD> wllh II1II ont ... "ly. I pwcIIw,.q ...... Uor d<UY<r)'.CMTyoutordllmry. I 
I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD I CALL US! 452-UCSD I 

eo..,..o _~Od. Not YllillwiIII.", III!, ~ 1lqUhd. Not VIIId """'" I - - . LinIted dtIYtry ... 10 I 01lIO< - . ~~ _10 I 
...... - drilling ().or_. CNry onSUAt &lit drMng.Our-'<MfY 
.... 1tInS20.00. ElcpIr .. V7I!13. , .......... ft~ ... ,_ G I __ $2000. ElIpIo.aV7m. 0 1 

'----------------'------------... 

The 1993/94 UCSD Undergraduate Scholarship Application 
deadline Is February 19, 1993. Next week applications will be 
mailed to students with a 3.5 UC cumulative grade point average as 
of the end of fall quarter 1992. Those not receiving an application 
who wish to apply may pick up a scholarship application at Student 
Financial Services. Three workshops to answer questions and review 
the scholarship application process will be held in Price Center 
Gallery Aon: 

Thursday, January 21 
Wednesday, January 27 
Tuesday, February 2 

5:00-6:00 p.m. 
12 noon-1:OO p.m. 
12 n00n-1:oo p.m. 

Thursday, January 14, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

IfYouS This Language, 
To certain people, this isn't just a list of 

symbols. It's a work of art. It's where cool 
technology starts. And eventually changes the 
world. 

You see the beauty in a piece of optimized 
code. We do too. Which is why we create4 the 
optimum environment to make it happen, 
giving you autonomy and authority without 
layers of management. 

At Microsoft, we respect talented people 
who do creative things with code. And can, 
use it to build innovative products that 

To Us. 
improve the way people work. 

If that sounds like your idea of a great 
environment, see us. You'll find that we 
speak your language. 

If you are pursuing a Bachelor's or 
Master's degree in Computer Science, Elec-
trical Engineering, Math, Physics, or related 
technical discipline, we want to talk with 
you at our On-Campus Interviews. 

Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer and supports workforce diversity. 

7 



8 CLAS IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"For Safety's Sake." The Security 
Advisory Committee will be walk-
ing the USCD/SIO campus after 
dark in the month of January. 
Reviewing lighting. Please let us 
hear any lighting concerns you 
may have. Call before Jan. 15, 
534-5793. (1/4-1/14) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1,000 an 
houri Each member of your frat, 
sorority, team, dlb, etc. pitches in 
just one hour and your gl'Ol.4l can 
raise $1 ,001 in justa few days! Plus 
a d'lana:! to earn $1000 for your· 
self! No cOst. Noobligation. 1-800-
932~, ext. 65. (1/4-1/1 4) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450·3323 
Fairmair's .. ................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ 'S Pizza .................... 455·0662 
Domino's .................... .. 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578· 7892 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Roben's ...................... .. 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Aniludes ............ 457·3334 
Nails by Jenrufer .......... 560·0325 
UCSD HEALTH. RTNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Rt ............. .......... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schtussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS .459-5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ... , ..... 558·3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Ctassical Eye ................. 452· 7374 
Eyes of La Jolla ....... .. ..... 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald .. " .... 279·5858 
Sears Opticat ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council TraVel .............. 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .......... ............ 452-9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457·1007 
Kinko's ......................... 457·3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning .............. .455·1 000 
MCA T Review ...... ...... . .456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .452-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587-1414 
Volteybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ..................... .. 22S-1733 
Name 01 the Game (Comica) 274-GAME 
SI. Gemnain's ............... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold ill 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for/acuity and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 10 The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday s issue. TIle Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Atrn:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Get paid for doing your 
problem·sets! Students of 
Physics 1 A and 2A are 
needed as su bjects for an 
in vestigat ion of phys ics 
problem-so lving. Pay is $1 0 
for a maximum of two hours 
work . Contact : John Batali , 
Cognitive Science Depart-
ment 0515 , 534-7308 (1/11 -
1/14) 

CHILDREN OF HOLO-
CAUST SURVIVORS sup-
port group to process per-
sonal issues wit" others 
who understand. 720-6282 . 
(1/4 -1/14) 

Muir House Advisor Apps.: 
available w/ referral #4275. 
Mandatory meeting : 117 or 11 
20. Info: call 534-4200. (1/4-11 
14) 

Muir House Advisor apps. 
available through 1120. Refer-
ral #4275. Mandatory meet-
ing : 117 or 1/20. CaIlS34-4200. 
(1 /4-1/14) 

Do you need an on-campus 
Notary Public? If so, call 587-
79;] 1. (1 /4-6/3) 

SUMMER OVERSEAS EX· 
PERIENCE INFO SES· 
SION! Study or work abroad 
this summerl Find out more 
at the International Center 
conference room, Thurs-
day, Jan. 14 at 1 :30 p.m. 
(1 / 14 ) 

INTERNATIONAL CAFE 
every Fri ., 11 :30-1 :30 atthe 
Int'l Center . Make new 
friends , enjoy new menu 
each week . All Amer. & for-
eign students and staff wel-
come . Only $2 .50. (1/14-11 
21) 

Help bring the world into fo-
cus ... Become a Fifth College 
Orientation Leaderl Get a job 
referral from Part-time Em-
ployment; for application, 
bring referral to Fifth College 
Academic Advising 412 Uni-
versityCenter. Deadline: Fri· 
day, February 5, 1993. (11 
14) 

ASIO Is openl We are now 
located on the 2nd floor of 
the Price Center, room 
2.306. Drop by to pick up 
applications for summer 
and spring internships. Info 
Nights : National 1/14 - Gen-
eral 1/21 . For more infor-
mation, call 5'34-4689. (11 
14) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIP. Gain 
marketing, sales, customer 
service, production, 
accounting with the longest 
proven track record . We 
guarantee $2,500 in 
compensation with vast 
opportunity for more. Call 
Student Works Pain ting 
(formerly Student Painters). 1-
800-394-6000 . Limited 
positions available. (1/4-218) 
Attorney needs secretary. 
6hrs.lwk. Flexible hrs. and 
dress. $6hr. Mr. Auerbach , 
259-1333, 9 :30-11 :30 a.m. (1/ 
4-1 /14) 

Resident advisors wanted for 
FIFTH COLLEGE 1993-941 
Pick up a referral form at 
Career Services. Applications 
due 1/19/93, noon. Information 
session Tues. 1/12 in the 
Pepper Canyon Lodge, 9 p.m. 
(1/4 -1/14) 

EARN $500·$1,000 weekly 
stuffing envelopes . for details 
- RUSH $1 with SASE to: 
GROUP FIVE, 57 Greentree 
Drive, Suite 307, Dover, DE 
19901. (1/4-2116) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most 
positions filled by Feb. Gain 
val. expo managing 6-8 
employees, customers, and 
suppliers. Avg. earnings 6-
16,000+. Call "University 
Painting Pros." tnfo/appl. 
CALL 800-525-5877. (117-31 
29) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA 
INCOME NOW! ENVELOPE 
STUFFING - $600 - $800 
every week - Free Details : 
SASE to International Inc. 
1356 Coney Island Ave . 
Brooklyn , New York 11230. 
(117-2118) 

DO YOU GET CARDED AT 
BARS? Federal Research 
Project needs people over 21 
WHO LOOK 18. Work 3-4 Fri. 
and Sat. nights btwn 6 p.m. & 
midnight in Feb. Need valid 
drivers license, must travel to 
Oceanside and Orange. 8 PT 
Tempopenings.$7.501hr. with 
possible substantial bonus at 
completion . Females and Egl./ 
Span. speakers encouraged 
to apply. Call Beth M-F btwn 
9:00 a.m . - 5:00 p.m. at 475-
0485. EOElAA(1/11 -1/14) 

Campus representative 
needed by sportswear 
company to sell to fraternities 
and sororities. Average $50 to 
$100 working one night per 
week. Call 1-800-242-8104. (11 
11-1 /14) 

UCSD Campus Tour Guide 
pOSitions available. Contact 
the part -time student 
employment office today. (11 
11-1/14) 

DO YOU WANT TO TEACH 
ENGLISH IN Ctlna? ~ in 
Ctinese currency. Room & Board 
proWied at major university. MJSt 
buy own rourxHr'p airine 1id<e1s. 
CaJlDr. Yee484-{D34.(1/11 -1/14) 

Balloon-twisting entertainers. 
Excellent pay, flexible hours. Will 
train. (800)497-1294. (1/14-1128) 

Northeast Prem ier Summer 
Camps need instructors: 
tennis, WSl/lifeguards, all 
waterfront , baseball. Call 
Arlene 1-800-443-6428. (1/14) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus 
Notary Public? If so, call 587-
7911. (114-613) 

VOICE/ACTING FORSINGERSI 
ACTORS42yearsailevel&JstyIes. 
NY city opera, musicals, top c:k.bs, 
commercials. On a mike/camera 
voic:&over. SpeciaJ fee: voice & 
piano, organ, guitar. Michael 
E3orlOOn 59&5223. (117-211) 
RESUMES. Professionally ad-
ited,lasertypeset.Resumepack-
ageindudes free interviewing tips 
brochure. PagesPlus 452-1240. 
(117-1125) 

OUAUTYBARBEflI'.IGI!LaJoila 
B<rber Shop, QJality Barber, Hai" 
Cuts $8.7700 Faye Ave., Suite F, 
459-5792. (1/11-1121) 
Macintosh text & graphics scan-
ning. On campus and affordable. 
Call Mike 622-1147. (1/14-3111) 

TV reporter on-camera deliv-
ery 1-day workshops. Call for 
information 782-3582. (1/14) 

LA JOLLA TAN· Attention 
UCSD Studentsll La Jolla Tan 
is 1 mile from UCSD in the 
Renaissance Ctr near Rubios 
Fish Tacos. GRAND OPEN-
ING SPECIAL - 2 PEOPLE 
TAN FOR THE PRICE OF 11 
See our ad in this issue or call 
622-1122. That's LA JOLLA 
TAN. (1/14) 

Wednesday, January 14, 1993 

AND 

Order your . 
Con.~ c.:r now! 
Check one category for your ad: 
o Women seeking men 
o Men seeking women 
o Men seeking men 
o Women seeking women 
o Study portners 
o Rentals/Roommates/ 

Ridesharing/Carpoaling 
o General shared 

interest/Friendship 
o Tickets bought/sold, 

Fantasy trips 

--------

Complete this fot'IL 
Write your ad. DOt _d JIIf square. Then. briIg ~ 

10 the,.,. mail ~ 10: ~ camedion, 
101 T __ ~, \an FnniIaI,CAM107. Or Dial: 

1-800-'34-7652 
cnlmUIr CIIhy 10 plaIN ad. 

1.II __ •• ~.' __ .iII~"" .... Ioo •• 
... _ ...... ,.. .. -.................. """ 

• uooI ............. ..,.. .... JI .. ~ ...... , 

Category: _____ _ 

Name: ______ _ 

~~: -----------
City & Zip: _____ _ 

Phone I'bnber: ____ _ 

L ________ ~ 

lVedne day, J anuary 14, 1993 

WANTED 
WANTED: ENGLISH TU -
TOR for fore ign students. 
Need intensive work on ac-
cent & conversational skill. 
Jan .-March, many hoursl 
day. Please call Lee 587-
0909 . (1/4-1/14) 

DO YOU GET CARDED AT 
BARS~ Feder al Research 
Project needs people 
over 21 WHO LOOK 18. 
Work 3-4 Fri. and Sat. 
nights btwn 6 p.m. & 
midnight In Feb. Need 
valid drivers license, 
must travel to Oceanside 
and Orange. 8 PT Temp 
openings. $7.50/hr. with 
possible substantial 
bonus at completion. 
Females and Egl.ISpan. 
speakers encouraged to 
apply. Call Beth M·F btwn 
9:00 a.m .• 5:00 p.m. at 
475·0485. EOEI,AA (1 111· 
1114) 

Bass player and singer wanted 
for retro-'70s garage band. 
Love of weasels and Welcome 
Back Kotter reruns a plus. Call 
Tony at 452-3236 or Ben at 
586-1751. (1/14-1/21) 

Former SCENIC ROOTS 
members looking for new 
bass player . Must be 
versatile, vocals+. MARK 
452-2671 , John 223-2145. 
(1/1 4-1/21 ) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 
45 years old needed to 
participate in UCSD Medical 
Center study examining the 
effect of sounds on the eyeblink 
reflex. Compensation will be 
provided. Call 543-2494 for 
information. (1 /14) 

Volunteers needed to work 
on the Mental Health Unit 
at Scripps Memor ial 
Hospital. For further 
informat ion , please contact 
Colleen Lawlor, 457-6582 . 
(1/1 4-1/19) 

IT DOE. T TAKE A BRAIN SURGEO TO 

ACE THE MCAT 
IT TAKES A PRINCETON REVIEW STUDE T 

An:ragc scOt'I.' iJlOt'{lse of ..j{) percell lile pOill/s 
A C[lI :l1 .lIe -1 T Ilia/eri(/Is 
Xn more th;tn 15 sllillellls per cI(/ss 
2 FilII Lell,!;'/.: Diagn().~tic Tests 
2 Ha!/'Lellg/h Di ;tgno~ti L' Tests 
B-u'eeM comprebellsil 'e rel 'il'lI'of;t1l the facts you'lI 

need to ace the 1I1CAT 

PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

695-9952 
TIlE PRINCETON REVIEW-WE DON,. WASTE YOUR TIME 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 622·1122 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r-----lwJF~t-~O~MO~1 
I 1 Oo~ OFF i unllmlted, .. a friend gets I 
: CIOth~g purCh:~ I FREE MONTH: 

with this coupon. Exp. 1/31/93. I UNUMITED TANS 
L Muslpr~ICoupon. EICP. 1131/93. 

--------- --------

The UC D Guardian 

FOR SALE 
Twin matress set $65. Dinette 
set $150. Sofa & Loveseat 
$200. Futon & frame $75. Can 
Deliver 576-8244. (117-2/1) 

Surfboards for sale : 7'6 Byrne 
and other short boards. Call 
for information : 552-0920. (11 
7-1 /25) 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. Includes new 
spark plues. set tlmlme. scope 
ellClne. under hood check. 
Van5, S. pkC qlnes. Platinum pkJgs ertra 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
C .. D Auto Care 
Mon.-Fri . 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C (behind Goodyear) 
5 .. Diego, CA 92121 
(819) 558-2438 

• most CftlS 

CLA IFI EDS 9 

,....... __ ~::'~n. UCSD ----:: 
FLOWER BASKET 

Ii F~~~?,.~~~~Y* 
t:~p.ln~ l 
No' volad Wlth 
an)' Olhtlr offer 

• $20 minimum purchase ' within:> uHle radius or campus 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the H~lph's enler 
Pl'Ilmpt dl'lll·P I',I' . 7 d''.IS ,1 \\ eeh. Opt·n d,"I~ H nm· pill 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
3211 flo/ilia)' Ct. ( /lex/to Domi/lo 's PiZZ (4) • 452-9949 

M·F 8:3()'6 p.m. Exp.2/ 14/ 93 
SAT. 1().1 with UCSD ID 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77~ 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 1111 • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 2411 x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 

only 4~ 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

YOU'RE NOT ALONE . 
Why? 

Because over 40 million Americans are affected with a sexually transmitted disease, 
otherwise known as an STD. Over three million are affected with GENITAL WARTS. 

NCRC of San Diego is conducting a clinical research study on a new treatment for 
external genital warts. 

Qualified volunteers will receive free medical attention which includes: 

• a free medical evaluation 
, 

• free laboratory tests, including 
a PAP smear and HlV testing 

• free study medication. 

[f you are over 18 and think you 
have genital warts, 

call NCRC 
... today.' 

(619) 497-0059 



10 CLASSIFIED 

EXCELLENT TOYOTA 
CELICAI Rebuilt engine and 
clutch. Safety check smog cer-

tif�cate. $1500. Lloyd 695-2786 
x44734 (1/11 -1/14) 
WATURA RATTAN DAYBED 
with matching chair and otto-
man, Sealy mattress, linens 
- great looking - $450. 450-
6935.453-6164. (1/11-1/14) 
SMITH CORONA electric 
typewriter, Rossignol4SK skis 
with Marker racing bindings 
and Nordica boots size 12, 19" 
color TV, Nintendo, acoustic 
stereo speakers. For more info 
call 459-8625. (1/11 -1/1 4) 

Snakes: Captive bred, baby 
Colombian boas. Born 12126/ 
92. Good eaters. Great mark-
ings. $125.00. Lisa 274-5564. 
(1/11-1/14) 
Bianchi road bike. '91 58 cm. 
Excellent condition. $225 
o.b.o. Call David 453-8020. 
(1/11 -1/19) 

SCOOTER, 85 Honda Elite 
150, blue, runs great, all 
records, registration till 8/93, 
includes helmet , manual, 
cover and more, $850. 259-
2398 . (1/11 -1/14) 

Alari Mega ST41 buill in MIDI , 
4MB Ram, 20MB HD, elr moni-
tor, laser printer + software. 
$850/o.b.o. 622-0870. (1 /14-
1/19) 

Panasonic speakers (SOW) 
$35, Magnavox turntable $35, 
brass headboard (full) $50, 
desk lamp $9, brass file cube 
$20, MCAT-GRE-REA review 
texts. Phone 535-1826. (Cash 
only, prices o.b.o.) (1/14-1/ 
19) 

Apple /lc computer. All soft-
ware, printer and joystick. 
$200-250/0 .b.o. 488-9503/ 
Alvin. (1/14-1/19) 
1970 Volk sqrbck. Automatic, 
excellent condition, baby blue. 
273-8059 (1/14-1119) 

Honda Accord HB. AC, high-
mileage but great for short daily 
commute. $900/0.b.o. ·551 -
9330. (1/14-1/21) 

'71 VW Superbeetle, 30K mi. 
rebuilt engine, new carbo and 
rear tires. $1200. 235-8213. 
(1/14) 

Scooter, l-tonda Elite 80,1986, 
white . $650. Call Kristina 481 -
4355. (1/14-1/19) 
, 

HOUSING 
UNIVERSITY CITY $295. 
Woman needed for own room 
in nice 4-BR house. Patio, pi-
ano, cable TV, washer/dryer. 
12 minutes to UCSD. No 
smokers/pets/drugs . Call 
Mark or Carrie 534-2391 or 
534-3383 (message). (1 /4-11 
14) 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

-~ 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587-4844 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

- r- UCSD I 
~ La Joli. Viliag. Dr. I J I ~.' I Or. ~ 

UTC 

~ 
~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I fit! Full Service 3 99 : S~{~~ P!! !A![ ""P25 : 

\ R 'A,\ , II Not valid W1lh any olher olfer. SAVE $4.26 
I Expires 3/t193 I 

~----------------- ______ I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommate wanted to share 
BA in Hillcrest 5 blks. from the 
Mad. Ctr. shuttle. $195 per 
month plus 1/3 utilities and 
deposit. female nonsmoker 
preferred. Call 542-1378. (1/ 
4-10) 

Single room available in Mira 
Mesa. Preferably female 
wanted to share 3 bedroom, 2 
1/2 bath home with three other 
UCSD students (female). Rent 
is $300. Please call 586-0773. 
(117-1/14) 

Rooms for rent. University 
City - Huge .house, 
washer/dryer, pool. $350/ 
month share utilities 558-
7535. (1/7-1/21) 

Own Room , large house unl 
furnished. 20 minutes to 
UCSD. $220/month + utili-
ties. 277-7630 James. (1/ 
11 -1/21 ) 

Beautiful 4-bds. house in 
quite secluded area of Mira 
Mesa. Female roommates 
only are needed, own bed-
room and bathroom. $275/ 
mon plus 113 utilities . Also 
available one huge master 
bedroom with a big walk-in 
closet and a bathroom . Pre-
fer married couple or any 
female who likes a big 
space . $450/mo. plus 1/4 
utilities. Please call Helen 
at 271 -4316 or leave mes-
sage . (1 /11-1/14) 

RoommateWlrdedmshareroom 
in a large apartment. Security 
bldg, wastY<*)' rlSide, jaaJzzi, fuI 
gym. raoque1baI oourt & under-
ground parking. One mie from 
school, next door m Vans and a 
park across the street. $2851 
month + utilities. Call Tom at 457-
8123. (1/11-1125) 

Roommate Wanted: M or F, In-
temationaIGardens, 280, 2 bath. 
spacious, great view. styMsh, fur-
niture. $375, 625-0606. (1114) 

Master Bdrm. $370-0ne person, 
$235-two to share, own bath. 
washer/ctyer, pooI,busto UCSD, 
non-smoker, non-allergic to cats, 
available spring. Call Stacy or 
Usa 625.Q821 (leave message). 
(1/14-1128) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Fe-
male to share house with three 
other women. Own room. 
Share bath . Washer/dryer. 12 
minto campus. $400.00/month 
(includes utilities.) No pets. Call 
Jen at 566-4841 . (1/14-1/19) 

Own room. $250/month. In 
Clairemont. Big living room and 
fireplace. 1/4 utilities. Call 
Karen 541-2073 . (1 /14-2116) 
FOR RENT - New 3 bedroom 
condo. $1200/month. Off La 
Jolla Village Drive and Regents 
Road, near UCSD and UTC. 
Call Robert 558-2404 or 538-
6556 after 5 :00 p.m. (1/14-1 / 
28) 

lVedne&day.January14.1993 

Easy going female wanted 
ASAP to share bedroom in 2 
bedroom Townehouse 
through June. $2401mo. ($80 
deposit) + 1/4 utilities. Near 
UCSD, shopping and bus 
lines. Call 587-0709. (1/14-1/ 
21) 

U.T.C. Huge two bedroom, two 
bath, fireplace, high ceiling, 
security building, parking, pool, 
jacuzzi. sauna. tennis court. 
Available now. $750 deposit. 
$750 rent. 276-6309. (1/14-11 
21 ) 

Roommate wanted. Own bed-
room and bathroom. $390 + 11 
2 utilities. International Gar-
dens. Call Susan. 457-3037. 
(1/14-1/25) 

ROOM FOR RENT, La Jolla 
condo, close to campus, fur-
nished. kitchen, bath. utilities. 
$425/mo . 450-6935 /453-
6164. (1/14-1119) 

Furnished room for female in 
non-smoking University City 
home. $350/mo. includes utili-
ties. 587-2809. (1/14) 

PERSONALS 
New late-night coffee house 
on campus . "Cafe Diana at 
the Cha. " Opening night 
Tues., Jan . 19. Hours: 
Mon.-Thurs., 9 p.m.-2 a.m. 
(1/14) 

planes, 
trains, 

automo-
biles 

JOSH GROSS 
and many 

other wuys of 

gotting 

around and 

gotting awny 

ran be found 
in the 

Guardinn 

classified • . 

Come Sl"C U5. 

up~tni~ in 

the Studenl 

Center. above 

the Genera! 
Store. 

author of the VINTAGE BOOKS publication 

The LAST WORD 
FINAL SCENES FROM YOUR FAVORITE MOTION PICTURES 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL lO·oz. $100 microbrewed 
beers 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas 
in !he Brewery 
Dining Room 

$500 
4475 Mission Blvd. 274 ALES 
comer of Mission & Gamet • 

eaCoast Square • Free parking in rear 

Josh Gross, a sophomore at the University 
of California. Berkeley. will sign copies of 
his first book, The Last Word. atthe UCSD 
Bookstore. The young publisher/ent,.· 
preneur will 1110 hold 1 question Ind 
.nawer .. sslon on getting published. 

information 534-READ 

LleSD 
B OO K'> TORE Friday, January 15 
~? ,4 noon to 1 p.m. ~=~ Bookstore foyer 

Thursday. January 14 1993 The UC 0 Guardian 

Tritons Taking a Rocky Road 
PREVEW: UCSD faces 
national champion in opener 
By Blair Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

Rod Wilde,head coach of the UCSD 
men' volleyball team, i looking at his 
squad' upcomina season as a leaming 
process. 

• IDJi til 
And learn they 

will, as the Tritons 
head into the sea-
son with a sched· 
ule full of top-20 
teams. including a 
season opener in 
Malibu against 
Pepperdine Uni· 
versity. the return-
ing national cham-
pions. 

As if that won't be tough enough for 
UCSD, the Triton will then travel to 
UCSB. where they will play in a touma· 
ment against foes UCLA. Fresno State 
and Cal. 

This year, UCSD joined the Moun· 
tain Pacific Spons Fedemtion. which is 
a fl!St-year, NCAA recognized volley-
ball conference. The Tritons are joined 
in this conference by the teams men-
tioned above, plu many more. With 
such a tough conference schedule,·the 
Tritons may be hard pressed to improve 
on last year's 7-17 record. 

Dan McOoweli/Guard,an 
Matt Brega (5) and Tyson Kerr are the top returnees for UCSD. 

Thi new conference means two 
things for the Triton . FIrst, they will 
fmally be eligible for postseason play. 
Before this season, the team cou ld not 
play postseason matches because it was 
in a non-NCAA recognized conference, 
the Western Intercollegiate Volleyball 
Association (WlY A). 

Second, this new conference allows 
UCSD to play at home and away against 
the variou squads on its schedule. Be-
fore, the Tritons were forced to play all 
of the Division I powerhouses on the 
road. 

Wilde has two goals in mind for his 
team this season. "We would like to see 

BUD CUP: Bud 
Bow 1 watch out 
ContInued from page 12 
booles going to run and kick the ball 
at the same time without legs? 

A good halftime show would cer-
tainly help soccer's cause. The key is 
to find some Elvis-impersonating 
magician to lip-sync some song and 
then getthecute liule American World 
Cup mascot (how about a friendly 
shin guard with a big smile called 
something like Shinny, the Friendly 

the team progress so that we can corn-
pete with every other team on the floor. 

"Also, we'd like to progress as a 
program, so we can eventually be com-
petitive with every other school in the 
years to come," Wilde said 

This year's squad is very young, 
with a roSIer that contains seven fresh-
men, four sophomores, three junioo 
and only one senior. 

Key returners on the team ioclude 
second-year starter Tyson Kerr, the Tri-
tons' strongesrmiddle blocker, and Man 
Brega. a staJ1ing setter from last year's 
squad. 

Top players to tep into tarting p0-
sitions this season are outside hiners 
Steve Kremser and Tom Black, and 
seuer Travis Ferguson. 

The team's only senior, Lamson 

Shin Guard?) to appear at midfield. 
Also, I'm not sure if soccer, al -

though it may be the most popular 
spon in the world, will sit well with 
the monster truck crowd which, de-
pressingly, seems to be making up a 
larger percentage of the population of 
the U.S. everyday. 

Unless of course - and this may 
be the only idea that can save the 
World Cup in 1994 so listen closely 
- the entire U.S. team is made up of 
the American Gladiators. What do 
you think? Brilliant. eh? 

Lam, is sidelined indefinitely with a 
shoulder injury. Ranked in the top-10 
nationally last year in kills, Lam's ab-
sence will be especially costly for the 
Tritons. 

On the upcoming schedule the Tri-
tons must face, Wilde said, ''It'lI take 
time to compete with the best. [believe 
we can compete with the low and me-
dium level of teams if we play good 
volleyball. It's amanerofgoingoutand 
learning how to win. 

"We've come out this season with 
great dedication and put in a lot of time 
and hopefully that will transfer into 
wins on the court," the coach said 

The Tritons' first home match will 
be against cross-town rival San Diego 
State, on January 23 at 7 p.m. in the 
Main Gym. 

W. HOOPS: 
UCSD bumps off 
The Master's, 60-49 
Continued from page .1.2 
Michelle Henricks, who added 10 
points, and Tricia Sti Iwell, who 
dumped in seven points. 

The win brought UCSD's record 
to 6-7 on the season. 

The Tritons' nellt game will be on 
the road tomorrow night against Pa-
cific Christian College. 

Person;,l and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969_ .. 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

°uv,.~~I[~WcrttLE 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletchpr Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La AI,lrnpda 

(714,364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch St 
17141851·1201 

fi!/:1 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's 
• . ~ Master Mechanics ~ .. 

==== exclusively VW and AUDI 'Wf. 
9870 Miramar Road • 450-9494 

Air. Water Cooled • Maintenance Services· Air Conditioning' Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines. Gas • Diesel· Electrical· Clutches· Brakes· Valves 

located In the Autoport Mall. Miramar 
Next ()()()( 10 i)scount rOil 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1993-94 
Appl ications available at the Muir Residential Life Office 
through Wednesday, January 20 with job referral # from 
Student Employment. 
Mandatory Candidates Meeting on Thursday, January 7 or 
Wednesday , January 20 at 7 p.m. in Half Dome Lounge. 
Application deadline: 4 p.m., Friday, January 22. 
Call 534-4200 for additional information. 

Greek 
Columns 

, 8.5 x 11· 201 white 
autofeed or self serve 

with this coupon 

Oops ... 
Not today, 
but next Thursday, 
JANUARY 21, 
look for 
GREEK 
COLUMNS 



I • 

12 PORTS 

GREGG 

1IJHB1J1 

Begging For 
AMegging 

Normally I would never consider 
u ing this space for personal gain. 
since I already have all the money 
and power I could ever want and 
have therefore dedicated my life to 
helping all of humanity, but I decided 
10 make an exception today. 

You ,ee, with the World Cup 
coming to thb country just ne)(t year, 
I am already behind in my prepara-
tions. First of all, 1 need to get in the 

~pirit of things and that mean, 
playing as much soccer as 1 can. 

Unfortunately 1 had other pressing 
engagements the first couple of days 
of this quarter so I was unable to 
wea el my wayan to a team. So 
here', my dilemma. If there's any 1M 
soccer team, coed or men 's, that 's 
short a player give me a ring here at 
the Guardiall at 534-6582 or just 
drop a note off at the offi e. 

To help encour:tge any pro pee-
(ive teammates, ]'11 summarize a very 
few of my soccer skills and how 
beneficial I w uld be to your team: 

Speed - 1 can easily run down 
any opp sing f rward streaking 
toward our goal unimpeded, provided 
that they suddenly have a heart atta k 
and die. 

Agility - Almost half of the time 
1 can walk across a room with my 
hoelaces untied and not faceplanl. 

Ball Handling - I have demon-
strated on several occasions the 
abi lity to bounce a Hacky Sack off 
my knee three times in a row. One 
time I even bounced it from Illy knee 
tomy foot. 

Hard·Fought Soccer Experience 
- [ covered both soccer teams this 
year for the paper, so 1 can confi-
dently use important soccer word 
like "megged" in a sentence cor-
rectly. For example, 'That was really 
cool when you megged that guy so 
bad that he stepped in a gopher hole 
trying to recover and broke his leg 
just like Joe Theismann on Monday 
Night Football only with a 101 more 
bone sticking out of his skin," or, 
'There's tOO much meg in thi sauce. 
Try a little bit more oregano or 
thyme." 

Dedicated readers of this column 
will remember my soccer team's 
experiences 1:lst year and my alma t 
uncanny natural ability at goalie. 
"Ret1exe ' of a water buffalo" WlS not 
an uncommon assessment of my 
rather substantial goalkeeping 
abilities. 

But seriously folks, I really am 
looking forward to the World Cup 
even though I'm not sure it's going to 
be such a big plash here in the good 
old U.S. of A. 

For one thing. I doubt if television 
advertisers are going to go hog wild, 
and if you don ' t have cool commer-
cials, yourtelevision potential goes way 
down. Can you imagine Bud Cup I? I 
didn't think so. I mean, how are tho e 

See BUD CUP, Page 11 

The UCSD Guardian 

1M 

Dan McPoweIi/ GtJM1iMl 
ErIca Scholl drives to the hoop for two of her team-hlgh 20 points Tuesday nIahL 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S VOLLEYBAU.: The 

Tritons join the Mountain Pacific 
Sports Fedemtion in 1993. a move 

thaI will bring some of the top 
volleyball teams in the nation to 
UCSD. The conference means 
big competition, but mayoc not 

many wins for the Tritons. 
Page 11 

IN TIE FUIURE: They're big, 
they're 00d, they're loud. The 

monster trucks are coming to San 
Diego this weekend, and the 

fearless Gllardian ports staff will 
be there to give you the inside 

scoop. 

The Week Ahead 

Thunday, January 14, 1993 

By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

Playing tenaciou . aggre ive defense for a 
fu1l40 minutes, the UCSO women's basketball 
leanl completely shut down The Master' Col-
lege Mustangs, winning easily. 6049. 

Once again led by cen-
ter Erica Scholl, who 
scored 20 point for the 
Tritons, UCSD took the 
lead from the beginning of 
the game and he Id on to it 
for the duration, ending 
with the II-point victory. 

The closest the Mus-
tangs ever came to being 
in the lead was at 2·2, with 
18 minutes remaining in 
the first half. 

Both teams began the 
game rather slowly. as the ftrst point were not 
scored until two minutes into the game when 
Scholl made two free throws to give UCSD a 2· 
o lead. 

The Mustangs countered with a long in· 
bound pas that led to a breakaway layup for 
Deborah Prociwand tied the score at two apiece. 
Prociw led The Master's College on the night 
with 12 points. 

The two teams see- awed back and forth 
trading turnover for turnover. As a resu It of 
some of the sloppy play, the Tritons were unable 
to increase their lead while the Mustangs were 
unable to pull even with UCSO or take the lead 
for themselve . 

The low-
scoring ftrst half 
came to an end 
with the Tritons 
holding a narrow 
four-point edge, 
28-24. 

UCSD 60 

THE MASTER 5 49 

Highlights of the ftrst half included strong 
defense. near-perfect foul shooting, and many 
turnovers forced by the swanning defenses of 
both teams. 

The Tritons came out in the second half 
looking pe game away. Tami Oviatt sank the 
fIrSt two baskets in an 8-2 run for UCSD. which 
increased their lead to 10, 36·26, with 16:35 
remaining in the game. 

UCSD increased it lead to II, 39-28, as 
Tami Oviatt hit a field goal after a free throw 
miss by Scholl. 

The Mustangs climbed back into the game 
with just under nine minutes to play. as Jodi 
Agueda sank a field goal to make the score 43· 
38 in favor ofthe Triton . 

However, that was as close as the Mustangs 
would get as UCSO's lead hovered at eight 
points for much ofthe remaining seven minutes. 

The Tritons took their biggest lead of the 
game with four minutes to play, 5340. when 
Sara Mease penetrated the Mu tang defense and 
passed to an open Alison Cartwright. who 
promptly sank the basket. 

UCSD ftnished the game off solidly with 
good defense and better shooting accuracy 
enroure to victory. 

Other key players for UCSO included 
See W. HOOPS, Page 11 

The Headline Matchup: Men's volleyball season opener at defencIInC national champion PepperdN, today. 
Other Games: Women 's basketball at PacifIC Christian, Friday. Men's basketball at UC Santa Cruz, Friday and at Bethany, Saturday. Swimming and diving ill UC Davis, Saturday (men) and at USD. 

Saturday (women), 

u C S D G U A R D I AN. ART S & E N T E R T A I N MEN T • JAN U A R Y 1 4, 1 9 9 3 

ilms, 
INTERNATIONAL 

STYLE 

By Yazmin Ghonain. 
Slaff Wriler 

putting together an 
international fIlm festival 
is no easy task. Contacts 
from all over the world 
have to be consulted in 
order to make such a 
festival possible. 
Perserverance has paid 
off this year for UCSD's 
University Events Office 
and the Visual Arts De-
partment, which have 
managed to make every 
fIlm in the "International 
Style" festival a San 

See STYLE, page H2 PhoIO Counesy 01 Miramax F.ms 
M.-co I.eoIwdI MCI Y'" Arlzmencl hut tI*Ip up In Alfonso Arau'. LIke Water few Chocolate. 

HOffH MOYIE REYIEN Hz CELEBRHTlNG THE CREHTION MYTH H4 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian Thunday. January 14, 1993 

MOYI[ REVIEW 
HOFFA: Danny DeVito's film about famed Teamster leader stoops to hero-worship 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

Although Danny De Vito's much-
ballyhooed cinematic biography of 
notorious Team ter bo s Jimmy 
Hoffa was released in December, 
it's nevertoo late to eviscerate a film 
if the chance remains that some un-
su pectingsoulmay tillyeamtosee 
it. Those interested in wasting valu-
able time and money to view this 
Oscar contender would be better off 
selecting more intellectual pursuit, 
such as reading Cosmopolitan or 
gawking al Dan Rather on the idiot 
box. 

Indeed, watching a film like Hoffa 
leavestheviewerfeelingempty,di -
appointed and slightly disturbed 
Danny DeVito's over-hyped ode to 
the Godfather of American Labor is 
a fine piece of hero-worship, and 
little el e. It i full of bombastic 
pronouncements about the plight of 
the working man, colossal conflicts 
between strikers and strikebusters, 
hady mob dealings (for the good of 

Ihe working man, of course) and 
vapid sentimentality. 

It looks great. The cinematogra-
phy is slick, and there are many 
cenes where DeVito comes close to 

creating that "epic" moment, like 
when Hoffaclashes with young Sena-
tor Robert Kennedy (Kevin Ander-
on) during a Senate inqui ry into the 

Teamsters' activities in the late '50s. 
Another moment come earlier in 
the film when striking Teamsters 
clash violently with goons hired to 
break up a strike against what ap-
pears to be a packing plant ~ometime 
in the 19405. 

TIlere is nodiscemable plot,little 
character development short of 
physical change affected through 
makeup and prosthetics, and nochar-
acter depth. David Mamet\ script 

Francois DIIl;rneVT'wentieII1 Cen\JIy Fox 

JImmy Hoffa (Jack Nicholson) tels off Attorney Gelleral Robert K .... nedy (Kevin Andenon). 
jumps back and forth over five de-
cades, from the 1930s through the 
1970s, but half the time you don't 
know what thehell is goingon, much 
less what year it's suppo ed to be. 

Certain elements of the film are 
extremely entertaining, uch as 
Hoffa ' confrontation with Attorney 
General Kennedy in hi office - "I 
don't need $300 million and my big 
brother to whip your fuckin' ass , . . " 
- but they seem to have little rel-
evance to the plot, uch as it is, even 
though it i thi provocation which 
eventually leads to Hoffa's trial and 
imprisonment. 

Thescripti suppo edlyanambi-
tious attempt to get a handle on Ihe 
unique qualities of Jimmy Hoffa the 
Man. It fails . What the audience gelS 
instead is theone-dimensional Hoffa 

We ee Jimmy Hoffa as strident 
labor cru ader. Then we see Jimmy 
Hoffa as hard-nosed labor crusader. 
Then we see Jimmy Hoffa as stri-
dent, hard-nosed labor crusader in a 
federal penitentiary, followed soon 
thereafter by limmy Hoffa as zeal-
ous labor crusader getting his brains 
blown out in the back seat of a 
Cadillac. All for the good of the 
working man. of course. 

Jack Nicholson as Hoffa is excel-
lent, but not even the Mighty Jack 
can save this one. You really believe 
him when he says he's "gonna do 
what [he's) gotta do to get the union 
back," and he's got the blue-collar 
midwe temer accent down pat. 

But there is something forced in 
the performance, omething unbe-
lievable. DeVito' performance as 

Hoffa's chieflieutenant Bobby Ciaro 
- a composite of several real-life 
characters - is less than stellar, if 
not downright silly. He comes off as 
a sycophant and a lowlife, a disgust-
ing toad, a cardboard likeness of 
what DeVito thinks a bodyguard for 
a union boss would look like. 

The same can be said for Armand 
Assante's imitiation of Michael 
Corleone, and Natalija Nogulich's 
yeoman effort as Hoffa's wife 10. If 
the performances are weak or shal-
low, it is no fault of Assante or 
Nogulich, who have proven them-
selves again and again to be excel-
lent actors. The problem is with the 
script, which seems to be little more 
than a sketch of a story, and the 
direction, which seems to be non-
existent. 

STYLE: Film festival will premiere U.S. 
movies by John Turturro and John Jost 
ContInued from page Hi. 
Diego premiere. 

This is the first year that the fest i-
vai, which begins Tue day with the 
Mexican film Like Water F orChoco-
late (1992), includes American pre-
mieres - films being shown for the 
first time in the U.S. - and may 
never be hown again in the U.S. due 
to the fact that they are not accessible 
to any American distributors. 

It 's about two brothe who decide 
to terrorize Double Flag Town with 
their Kung Fu experti e, but are ulti-
mately defeated by the 12-year-old 
swordsman Hai Ge. 

Of the San Diego premieres, like 
Water for CIIDeo/ate is one of the 
most promising. Directed by Alfonso 
Amu and based on the novel by 
LauraEsquival, it is about forbidden 
love during the revolution. The 
youngest daughter revolutionizes her 
household as she intermingles her 
healed passion with mouth-water-
ing recipes in the kitchen. 

from the United State include Jon 
Jo t's Sure Fire (1992) and John 
Turturro's Mac (1992). 10 t is an 
independent filmmaker who also 
directed All the Vermeers in New 
York. Turturro won accolades for his 
roles in Barton Fink and Miller's 
Crossing. Mac, a film about worlcer 
immigrants in Queens, New York 
and their dreams of attaining pros-
perity, represents his directorial de-
but and has a personal, almost bio-
graphical storyline to it. 

The bottom line is that thi sJimmy 
Hoffa, Champion of the Common 
Man, Defenderofthe Downtrodden, 
Scourge of the Establishment, Mi -
understood Hero, is completely un-
believable. He's unonhodox, cer-
tainly. He doesn't take any gufffrom 
anybody, He is willing to do what 
he's gotta do fOrlhe union. BUI there 
is no sense of growth, no develop-
ment, no humanity. 

Compare HojJa wilh 1992'sother 
much-publicized bio-pic, Malcolm 
X, and the differences are obvious. 
Spike Lee paints a picture of a man 
who raises himself out of the gutter, 
find hi mis ion and makes some-
thing of himself. There is an hone t 
quality about Malcolm, and a human 
sideas well. And when he was gunned 
down, I wasshocked. even saddened, 
regardle sofwhalImayhavethoughl 
of him or his politic. 

The same cannot be said for Hoffa 
The viewer doesn'l know what to 
think of him. Unlike Malcolm, there 
is a certain element of fraud about 
Hoffa-as if he attained his position 
of power not on his own merits, bul 
Ihrough subterfuge and deceit. 

And when Hoffa 's brains sprayed 
out of the back of his head, I was 
shocked at the savagery of his assas-
sination, but felt no panicular loss or 
sympathy. 

It's too bad about Hoffa - the 
film, [mean. DeVito is generally a 
good director, and a fine comedic 
actor. But his specialty i black com-
edy, like Throw Momma From the 
Train and The Waro/the Roses, not 
hard-hitting drama 

If Hoffa is supposed to be 
DeVito's most ambitious project, 
then I think he's vastly overestimat-
ing his talent. He's got the visuals 
down, no que tion about it. Ifhe can 
only give us a story we can believe. 

AU20 of the films are San Diego 
premieres, and cover a variety of 
styles from satire to adventure. The 
Chinese film Swordsman if! DOl/ble 
Flag Town (199 1) is a magnifil:ent 
yet unusual film which satirically 
pays homage tothecommercial Kung 
Fu epics and American Westerns. 

Other films come from Korea, 
Canada, Australia, Spain, Switzer-
land, Germany, Great Britain, Ja-
pan, France and Hong Kong. Films 

Film willbe hownTuesdayeve-
nings at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audi-
torium and tickets for students are 
$4. Student passes to the entire festi-
val are$25. Formore information on 
date and showtimes call 534-6467. A scene from WOIII K.-.W.,. 1991 tim Days of ... WId. 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
Gencral, Prcventatil'e, and Cosmetic Services 

RrI.xrtl,/rinrd(. nr,.",plxrt · M,m/Jtr .11).4, ('/).4, SI I)S 

LA JOLLA VIlLAGE l'J.OFESSJONAL CENTER 
8950 VILl.A LA JOLLA DIl., SUITE 2103 
TDp Fill" jllsl ",hilll' flit f/,pllnllf Bnr 

558·3490 
fp",i"~ &-$n,.nin. 

A,,,,in'.'lftl A. rnili,bi, 

The first cave 
drawing_ were 
acta •• ., ads for 

bison 1IMNIt. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

glowers & 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Gencsct Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNITIONS 
"lCh put\NscofS10ur mu«' 
\ue ~ '" en any uhcr 01", 
EAp. 1/l1I9l • 

Thursday, January 14, 1993 The UCSD Guardian HlATUS 3 

UP CO M II G 
are al 8 p.m. lllUrsday through 
Saturday and al 2 and 7 p.m. on 
Sunday. Tickels rdflge from $12 
10 $14. Info: 481-1055. 

TOO A Y 
Guitarist Robben Ford play 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach with the Mighty Pen-
guins. Show starts at 8:30 p.m. 
and tickets are $10. Info: 481 -
9022. 

San Diego choreographers AI 
GenMnI and M.-y Reich 
perform at the Sushi Gallery 
downtown as part of the. Dance 
FraicheSeries. Performance are 
at 8 p.m. and continue Friday 
and Saturday. Tickets are $11. 
Info: 235-8466. 

Nicholas Cage plays a groom 
who gamble away hi bride in 
Honeymoon in Las Ve-
ps. The film shows in the Price 
Center Theater at 6:30, 9 and 
I I :30 p.m. Tickets are $2. 

fRIDAY 
ute, Sex and Death play 
with Kingmother and Mo-
torkkultatClub860inPacific 
Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are 
$8.02 in advance. Info: 272-
1513, 

Ice-1"s Body Count plays 
with Exodus, DRI and Pro-
Pain at Iguana 's in Tijuana at 
8:30 p.m. Tickets are $17.50 in 
advance. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The Ken Theater in Kensington 
presents Peter Greenaway's 
early film Verlklll Fe. 
lures Renuke and A Wale 
ThI'OUllh Hat 5: 15 and 8 p.m. 
Admission is$6.50and the films 
will also be hown Saturday. 
Info: 283-5909, 

SRTURDRY 
The OrIon String Quartet 
will perform elections from 
Haydn, Kirchner and Beethoven 
in the Mandeville Auditorium 
at 8 p.m. Tickets for students are 
$10. Info : 534-4090. 

The San Diego Symphony 
celebrate Manin Luther King, 
Jr. Day with a concert combin-
ing orchestral selection and 
gospel music. The show starts at 
7 p.m. in Copley Symphony Hall 
downtown. Tickets range from 
$10 to $25. Info: 699-4205. 

SUNDRY 
UCSD professor Eleanor Antin 
will introduce her film The 
Man WIthout a Worldat the 
Ken Cinema in Kensington at 

7:15 p.m. The film will continue 
at the Ken through Jan. 20 with 
howings nightly at 5, 7: 15 and 

9:30 p.m. Info: 283-5909. 

MOl DRY 
Jonathan Richman, a singer 
and ongwriter,playsattheBelly 
Up Tavern in Solana Beach with 
the Shadowcasters. Show stan 
at 9 p.m. and ticket~ are$8. Info: 
481-9022. 

TUfSDRY 
Alfon 0 Arau' Like Water 
for Chocolate opens the In-
ternational Style film festival in 
the Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
p.m. Ticket for tudent are $4, 
but a student pas to the festival 
is $25. Info: 534-6467. 

WEDNESDRY 
Gustaf Sorbin, a native of 
Boston who has lived in Fmnce 
since 1963, will read from his 
work at 4:30 p.m. in the Price 
Center'S Davi /Riverside Room. 
Admis ion i free. 

Cephas and WlUins per-
form with Jackie T0IT8I1Ce in 
a program entitled "BlueStory" 
in the Mandeville Auditorium U! 8 
p. m. Tickets range from $8 to $14. 
Info: 534-4090. 

THERTER 
Mandell Weiss Forum: The 
graduating actors of the M.F.A. 
Clas of '93 will present recitals 
today and Friday at 4 and 8 p.m. 
Info: 534-3793. 

Casa del Prado Theatre: 
Cole Porter' "Anything Goe .. 
will be performed by the San Di-
ego Junior Theatre. Performances 
are Friday at 7 p.m. and Saturday 
and Sunday at 2 p.m. through Jan. 
24. Tickets range from $5 to $7. 
Info: 239-1311. 

North Coast Repertory n.. 
atre: "The Immigrant," Mark 
Harelik' tribute to his gmndfa-
ther, continues through Feb. 13. 
The play is about a young Jewish 
immigrant in Texas. Performances 

GRLLfRlfS 
Mandeville Gallery: "Con-
tact: Photojournalism Since Viet-
nam"willbeon exhibit untilJan. 
24. The exhibit features photo-
graphs of people and events that 
have had a historical impact. Ad-
mission is free. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Sunday, 
noon to 5 p.m. Info: 534-3120. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "lan\l Sterbak: States of Be-
ing" focuses on the body, the bed-
room and clothing as metaphor 
and is on display until Feb. 28. 
The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. t05 
p.m. and Wednesday from 10u.m. 
to 9 p.m. Admission for students 
is $2. In fo: 454-3541. 

Grove Gallery: "New Terri-
tory: The Vietnamt:se Artists 
Project Begins" is on exhibit 
through Feb. 20. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Satur-
day from IO a.m.t02p.m.Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-2021. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Mary Ellen Mark: 25 
Years" is on display through Jan. 
31. The museum is open daily 
from 10a.m. t0 5 p.m. Admission 
i $3. Info: 239-5262. 

~~~ RoundTable Pizza. 
BULLS EYE TAVERNjPRICE CENTER 

WINTER QUARTER 
SPECIALS 

Mo .. "" "'ru ft.,."., 3 ,111 to 7 ,111 
SUPER PREMIUM AND IMPORTED BEERS AT DoMESTIC PRIcES! 

MONDAY Sierra Nevada 
TUESDAY Fosters 
WEDNESDAY Samuel Adams 
THURSDAY Carlsber;g 

FRIDAY NIGHTS $3.99 PIICHEU on selected beers 
.......... ,. TOMOIIOW • DIOWN II musical guests 5-6 pm 

.' ..... l1li DJ "Shapeshifter" afterwards 

~ ~RoundTablePizza. 
BULLS EYE TAVERNjPRlCE CENTER 

457-2060 
'1IIIhUYIIY 

COLLEGE NIGHT! 
$1 00 Domestic Pints 

• Coors Light, Bud, &Bud Light 

$1.50 Premium Pints 
Samuel Adams, Guiness, Black & Tans, 
Pete 's Wicked Ale, & Bass 

$1.50 U Name It Shots! 
r----·-------··---------------

SOUTH OF 
THE BORDER 

$1.00 Fish Tacos 
$1.00 Rolled Tacos 
$1.50 Tequila Shots 

$1.00 
Corona & 
Margaritas 

'L.'-".OO $3.00 
Pitchers Refills L __ . ____ .. __ . _________________ ._ 

Sign Up to Win a FREE HAPPY HOUR 
I We NOW Book Exchanges 

2 for 1 
Dinner wi 

Greek Card 

909 Prospect St. La Jolla (619) 454-9722 



HIATU 4 The UC 0 Guardian Thursduy, Januar 14, J993 

CONCERT REVIEW 
Four Dimensions: Multi-media event presents 
four different intetpretations of the Genesis story 

DAN CERS, MUSICAL THEATRE PERFORMERS, 
rNGE RS WHO DANCE, SINGERS WHO MOVE 

WELL, CHORAL SINGERS 
Wah DISney World Co .• near Orlando, Florida wiJl .udltion perfo rmers with 
eXperl:!5C in the .1><,,< ulent tegoriu fo r annu I contn IS beginning May th rough 
Augu$t 1993. 
'1'0'1" Itfy, YO" must be at lea t 18 by May I, 1993. BrinS umnt, nnn ruurnablt 
re su me . nd photo . ~inger> who d.nce/ rno 'C well and mu ka l theatre perlOrmers 
prepare twO , oca lscle tions (one ballad . fl ne uptempo); .honl Ingers prep.re twO 
shu n cicco os th t be t d ispIJy vo<al range . style . nd vcrs;lltlity. All sin er> bring 

"oc~1 sheet musk In your key; . umpanist provided. no u pe . ingers may be .ske d 
to learn at least one movement o mbi natio n Bring d.nce attire . Dancers are aught 
dance combination • . 
.. ndld.t es r. r the ummer Di ney Enlerai nment Wo rk Expe rience Prog ra m wi ll 

also be secn du ring thisa udi tio n. E.c h yu r. twelve da nce rs who sing arc selected to 
pmi ipot e in a program designed to enh nce profusion. I talents. Th chosen 
perfo rm fo ur to five times daily. Approximately ten ho urs . week arc d evoted to 
cI "'s and worbhops led by Disney pro e ionals and muter in tru tors . Program 
p. rtieipan ts re eive . weekly stipend and share furn ished apartmen ts provided by the 

mpany. Th is i a fou rtcen wee ksu mme r program . ~y 30 Augu I 28 . 1993. 
If you have qlle tion • • all Walt Di ne y Wo rld Auditio n Info rm atio n . t 

407/345 5701 . Mond ay Friday. 103m Ipm and 2pm 5pm Ea t em Time 
(except ho lid.ys) 

ANII" " " I .... n .rt u hrll .. lnJ fo r r/ig.bk prrf. r_ r, . ,,11 . pt" (Oil. For 'xpum.I"" 
.f ·d'IJ.bl, pcrf . ..... 'r · call ACI"" &,NUy AJIDCUlIID" a l (212) 869·8530. ,.XI. 308. 

AN DI EGO, CALI FORNIA 
tage 7 

10-41 7 t.h Aven ue 

Thursday, January 21 
B/i"u,I. GJ,o r.1 Si"" ,,.,, Si"B-n W" o."u/M . .. W,II 9 .... 

B/i" u,I. M",k .1 1'11 •• ".., P' rfo~ 9 ... . 
0,,.,. C", II Ch.,..1 Si""e.." Si"IJe'" W .. Dna/M. " Wdl lO.", 

Opt" GIll M",i(.1 1'IIr.,.,." p.,fo Nlfr,., 10 .... 
B/i"u,I. D."(I'" 12 "". " • Ope" GIll D."u n 12 " .. " 

CALLBACK AM E DAY 
All foll ·to ... ( ,,,1,,..,,,(" ,,,,pl.yrll!oJ IV"II Dm.,y Worlll , . orr rorrr,II .. "Mr 
I~ 1 ... "" . "" " """"""f" ro llu ,w. hrg""'"IJ 'ar""""' .".,h A CI.n' &, .. ity 

AJrorUl,i, " . Sa l"rin lirr , .. b}(CI ,. C"" "gt. 

V ~-;efSl¥I" W"lId en 
i / \ 1I ,·/t }) , I, \ ( Pl') I , I I. J ,:"",' (1/,/, tlll"tl J d/'! ' 

By Melissa Jacobs 
Staff Writer 

The fi t few words of the Bible: 
"In the beginn ing, when God cre-
ated the heaven and Earth ... then 
God sa id, 'Let th re be light, ' and 
there was light. .. ,. till have mean-
ing. They were quoted by " L.A. 
Law" tar Shelly Burman. the ho t 
of the "The Four Dimen ion of 
Paradise." The program celebrated 
the release of the book by th arne 
name Sunday a ft ernoon in 
Mandeville Auditorium. The pre-
sentation was both entertaining and 
inspirational. 

The program celebrated the re-
. lease of The Four Dimensions of 
Paradise, a book by the late Rabbi 
Samuel PennerofSan Diego. When 
Penne r died of cancer in 1986, hi 
wife completed hi unfini hed 
manuscript herself along with pub-
lisher William Gladstone. She reor-
ganized the format and added quo-
tation . 

The novel i written in a casual, 
conversational tone and is filled with 
stories, quotations, anecdotes and 
philo ophy which seemingly cover 
everything, from the creation of the 
universe onward. Although the book 
was written by a rabbi . the ideas are 
universal . 

The presentation wasdivided into 
four main parts which reflected on 
the Biblical Genes is. The four parts 
illustrated the four ways in which 

Vote on Constitutional Amendments 
and Other Referenda 

Wednesday, January 20 
and Thursday, January 21 

aSSOCiated Polls Open lOAM - ~ PM 

winter '93 

Price Cenler Library Walk 
Main Gym Sleps 

In evenlot r.ll, Dolls will be mlled lolbl 
PriCI Center B.llroom LobbJ 

.nd tbe M.ln Gym FOJer 

ZIlla SchIff and .......... play vk*I on Pachelbel'1 ~." 
the Bible can be interpreted: liter-
ally, allegorically, ethicalJy and mys-
tically. 
. For the liteml depiction, Dennis 
Mammana, chief astronomer from 
the Ruben H. Aeet Center, gave a 
lide and light presentation on the 

creation of the universe as it relate 
to the Big Bang Theory. The poeti-
cal interpretation was actually a 
beautiful musical presentation of 
Pachelbell's "Canon" in D by fa-
mous violinist Zina Schiff and her 
two daughters. 

The ethical part was especially 
interestingasaJewishrabbi,aCatho-
lic priest and a Presbyterian minis-
terengaged in a "trialogue" onstage, 
which stimulated thought on the 
common bond of all races. All three 

men agreed that we must take care 
of the world around u in order to 
preserve it beauty. The minister 
concluded by saying, "We must all 
care, becau e we are all responsible. 
We must . . . see wonders of society 
in every blade of grass [as well as] 
the complexity of the human mind. 
We must use creation responsibly 
for the benefit of all." It was a point 
well-taken. 

The last portion of the show was 
the mystical interpretation, pre-
sented by Rabbi Zalman Schacter-
Schalomi and Penner's daughter. 
They chanted a song which was 
followed by a brief discussion. 
Penner then related a moving story 
which discussed the beauty and gift 
of life for all people. 

ASIO HAS 
MOVED 

ASIO has moved, along with the VOlUNTEER CONNECTION, 
to a new office. We are now located in the old Women's 
Resource Center on the 2nd floor of the Price Center, 
room 2.306. 

Pick up applications beginning MONDAY, JANUARY 11th. 
Our office will be open Monday thru Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

ApPLICATION DEADLINES 

• San Diego Program 
• National Program 
• California Program 

Friday, January 29th 
Friday, January 29th 
Friday, February 5th 

NATIONAL 
INFO NIGHT 

• Tbursday, Jan. 14th 
• Davis/Riverside 

(price Center) 
• 7:30 p.m.-8:30 p.m. 

C; ENE R A L 
INFO NIGHT 

• Thursday, Jan. 21st 
• Davis/Riverside 

(price Center) 
• 7:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m. 

For more info call 534·4689 


