
Elsewhere 
Pugno Retain. Seat 
Despite Recall 
DA VIS - Receiving more 
than 72.5 percent of the vote 
in UC Davis' A.S. special 
election one week ago, 
Executive Councilmember 
Andy Puglio will retain his 
seat despite effons to recall 
him. According to ASUCD 
Elections Committee Chair-
person Erin Braddock, the 
voter turnout was-surprisingly 
high, even with the bad 
weather prohibiting. Pugno 
aid 0 many students braved 

the rain to vote because they 
felt strongly about the issues. 
Pugno was accused by various 
campus groups of racial and 
exual discrimination as well 

as extreme political views 
with respect to his responsi-
bilities in office. 

Plan Seeks Answer 
To Parking Problem 
SANTA BARBARA - When 
UCSB' Long Range Develop-
ment Plan construction projects 
are finished early next century, 
the campus will be about 2,900 
parking space shon of its 
needs, according to the new 
Campus Parking and Transpor-
tation repon. Offering several 
options to ease the parking 
crunch the university parking 
repon includes bolstering the 
university vanpool system, 
construction of parking garages 
and creating satellite parking at 
the campus perimeter. 

New Registration 
By Phone To Start 
DA VIS - Beginning fall • 
quaner 1993, UC Davis will 
shift from the present registra-
tion process used for the last 13 
years to a flew computer 
automated system called RSVP 
(Register Students Via Phone) 
Very similiar to UCSD's T-reg, 
course request forms would 
become obsolete, and what 
used to take four weeks to 
organize will take thirty 
seconds to complete. uen is 
one of the last UC campuses to 
implement the system. 

Inside 

LANDHo 
SPECTACLE: FourUCSD 
students took their classes on 
the high seas. 11 

SPORTS: UCSD women's 
swimming team upset Div. 
III dynasty, Kenyon. 11 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .. ........ .... ......... . 2 
UGIITS & SIRENS ................. 3 
OPINION ............... ......... ... ... 4 

PECTACLE .. ...................... SI 
CLAS lFIEDS ................ .. .... 12 
SPORTS •..••••..•...•.........••..... 16 

UCSANDIEGO 

RALLYING 
EXPERIENCES 
One hundred students turned 
out to protest against hate 
crimes and homophobia on 
Friday to mark [he end of 
Lesbian, Gay Bisexual 
Awareness Week. 

, H E u 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1,1993 

Photos by Jason RItchIe 

A woman consoles her friend 
after she made an emotional 
presentation at the raOy. 

Muir Janor Slamak Malek checks his pants after 
standng next to several gays, lesbians and bkexuals, 
completing his "scientific expertment" to prove that 
there Is no "logical" reason to be homophobic. 

WRC Explains Their Dissolution 
ORGAN1ZA11ON: Women's Center 
emphasizes that seIVices will remain 
without political collective 
By Gaye Johnson 
Staff Writer 
and Sheryl Wolcott 
Senior Staff Writer 

Members of the Women's Resource Center 
(WRC) broke their silence Saturday regarding 
the organization's dissolution, emphasizing that 
only the political collective of the WRC dis-
solved. The student organization, which pro-
vides services such as peer-counseling and in-
formational resources will remain. 

The decision to go public followed what 
individuals within the former collective said 
they considered to be a general anxiety after the 
announcement of the dissolution. Many women 

of the collective said they felt that the distinction 
between the two ponions of the center was not 
made clear, and con equently that many stu-
dents were underthe impression that the services 
provided to women had been di continued. 

Several members of the dissolved collective 
stre sed that the group's breakup was not a 
"violent schism." 

According to WRC members, the dissolution 
stemmed from a WRC retreat Jan. 16 and 17, 
whichwastofocus uponi suesofwhitewomen's 
privilege, women's sexuality and spirituality. 
The retreat also spent time training WRC volun-
teers. However, the program ran behino sched-
ule, limiting the time allotted to the discus:-ion of 
white women 's privilege, individuals within the 
organization said. 

The women of color said that they felt that the 
See WRC, Page 3 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 78, ISSUE 9 

Co-ops Avoid 
Eviction with 
Agreement 
CRISIS: Co-op , administration 
agree to Memorandum of 
Understanding before deadline 
By Eric Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD student cooperatives have 
reached an eleventh hour agreement with the 
administmtion, just before a Jan. 3 1 deadline 
would have shut the co-ops down. 

The agreement follows almost two years of 
inten e negotiations. At a Saturday meeting, 
co-op members and administrators ironed out 
20 points of contention which had hindered a 
tentative agreement reached early this month. 

The negotiations centered on points in a 
··Memorandum of Understanding" which Uni-
versi ty Co unsel Joan na Bea m fo und 
unnacceptable. 

Under the agreement, the co-ops will be 
considered as a new form of student organiza-
tion overseen by the Associated Students and 
Graduate Student Association. 

The co-ops will be granted lea e by the 
University Center Board (UCB). 

University Center Director Jim Carruthers. 
who attended most of Saturday's meeting, said 
" I thought it looked positive. There were some 
little th ings to be straightened out. but nothing 
substantive." 

Now that the points of contention have been 
worked out, the agreement will be handed to 
co-op and admini tration lawyers for approval. 
according to Food Co-op members Patrick 
Kaliski and Joe Schear. After review, co-op 
members will meet to sign the document. 

Schear aid the administration agreed to 
vouch for the co-ops as non-profit organiza-
tions before the Internal Revenue Service. Al-
though the co-ops will wait six-months for 
word on thei r tax-exempt status, they will 
remain non-profit entities, Schear said. 

The co-ops had been untaxed student orga-
nizations before the crisis of co-op status last 
year. The new agreement will shift the co-ops 
out of the university umbrella, Schear said. 

Berkeley Professor Criticizes 
UC Administrative ExpeDSe8 

Students UC Growth 

By Dan Kraus 
Senior Staff Writer 

An independent investigation of 
the UC budget has concluded that 
the university spends an excessive 
amount of money on administra-
tion. 

UC Berkeley Physics Professor 
Emeritus Charles Schwanz, who 
has been a long outspoken activist 
and critic of the university, esti-
mates in his study that of the 
$523,508,000 spent on administra-
tion, roughly half is "excess fat that 
can be trimmed." A cut of this size 
would "completely cover UC's 
present budget deficit," he said. 

Schwanz, who has released two 
repons regarding his inspection of 

the UC budget, attempted to tackle 
the question, "Has there been along-
term growth in the size and cost of 
UC's administration which exceeds 
the real needs of the uni versity - its 
faculty and students - and there-
fore presents us with a bloated bu-
reaucracy that ought promptly to be 
trimmed?" 

Schwanz approached the ques-
tion by analyzing data concerning 
the number of employees in the UC 
system over the last 25 years, which 
allowed him to avoid thedifficulties 
of adjusting for inflation. 

According to Schwanz' s figures, 
the rate of growth in general admin-
istration employees is double that of 

See BUDGET, Page 6 

The university administration has grown much 
faster than the student population over the 
last 25 years, according to uc Berkeley Phys-
ics professor Charles Schwartz. The figures 
represent the growth of each group since 
1968. 

Academics Total Staff 

Gen. Admin. C? @ 
Instr. Staff 

C3 
Source: UCB Professor Charles Schwartz Ren6 BrucIIner/Guani'4wl 



2 NEW 

Professor Urges Japan To 
Assume Larger Global Role 
RELA11ONS: Noted Harvard professor lectures about 
Japan and its growing role in 'Cultural Internationalism' 
By Seth Laslle 
Guardian Reporter 

Harvard Universiry Professor 
Akira Iriye visited UCSD last 
Wednesday to lecture on Japan' 
imponance in the international com-
munity. lriye wa the keynote 
speaker for the annual Edwin O. 
Rei chauer Memorial Lecture held 
at the Intemational 
Relations and Pa-
cific Studies Audi-
tOrium. 

ment officials to open their doors to 
international concerns. He said that 
it could be a sincere effon by the 
Japanese to involve themselves in 
international culture. 

But he cautioned that such over-
ture may just be a ploy by the 
Japanese to get "cheaper imponed 
rice." 

The lecture, en-
titled " Cultuml In-
ternationalism and 
U.S. Japan Rela-
tionsJocusedon the 
need for Japan to 
recognize its grow-
ing imponance in in-
ternational cu lture 
and the effects of 
Japanese policy on 
the United tates 
and the world. 

"You would be 
hard pressed to 
find Instances 

A second prom-
ising sign that the 
Japanese may be 
moving towards a 
more inlemational-
istic attitude i their 
increasing involve-
ment in student ex-
change programs. 
lriyesaid that irmay 
be "one area in 
which Japancan in-
deed makeacontri-
but ion to global 
unity." 

Especially 
promising, lriye 
aid, is the fact that 

those panicipating 
international ex-
changes are the 
country' youth, 
which Iriye con-
tends gives hope for 
the future when the 
next generation 
takes ,:ontrol of the 

lriyesaid that in-
temationalism is at 
a low point around 
the world and that 
something can and 
must be done about 

where Japan has 
taken the 
Initiative in 

it. 
"There appearro 

be forces diametri-
ca ll y pu II i ng the 
world in opposite 
directions,"he said. 

International 
policy." 

- Aklra Irlye, 
Harvard University 
history professor government. 

"Countries have to seek ways to 
develop fal global community." 

lriye said that Japan, as a major 
international power. has not been 
known for its internationalism and 
that most of its international poli-
cies have been solely for it own 
national benefit. 

"You would be hard pres ed 10 
find instance whereJapanhastaken 
the initiative in international policy." 
lriye added thai such a policy is 
simply Japan's way of preserving 
national independence by avoiding 
the problems of intemational soci-
ety. 

He added that Japan has nOl done 
it share of contributing in the inter-
national arena in retum for the eco-
nomic benefits it is reaping in the 
world market. 

Inyc contrasted Japan's interna-
tional policy with that of the U.S. 
since World War I. He said that the 
U.S. has played a key role in the 
development of the world commu-
nity. 

"The world is what it is today in 
pan because of America's commit-
ment to global problems;' he aid. 

Things may be beginning to im-
prove on the international front , 
however. He noted a recent senti-
ment among top Japanese govem-

The third posi-
tive sign, according to Iriye, is the 
increase in Japanese culrural diplo-
macy over the last few decades. He 
said that " Japanese are quite sensi-
tive to the strains of international 
relations." He added that Japanese 
businessmen are becoming more 
aware of internationalism and plac-
ing more emphasis on it. 

Much of the change in allitude i 
made po sible by the improvement in 
communication technology. "Cultural 
internationalism isabyproductoftech-
nology." lriye said. "with bases in 
mdio, cinema and television." 

lriye says that Japan's leader-
ship in communicarion technology 
would lead to an "i ndependent, or-
derly and peaceful world."Without 
improved cultural diplomacy, how-
ever, uch a world i not possible, 
according to lriye. 

Heended his lecture by asserting 
that Japan's entrance into cultural 
diplomacy and its increased con-
cern over intemational issues "i the 
key challenge facing Japan and U.S. 
relations today." 

lriye was born in Tokyo in 1934 
and received his doctorate in the 
hi tory of international relations 
from Harvard in 1961. He has since 
wrillen 15 books on relations and 
developments in Ea t Asia. 

~ t.CSO~1s j>.ClIIIecI ~"lIusdo!s du1rc!he -"* '"' Dr rod b Ito_ 
d~. -..- dllH _ ~ ....... _In _ or in i8I. wItoo\I. penNsoiJn ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
1. 'Wrik ~ R.aT&9.rapl] e~plaini~ 

tile sly\lficai'l'cf. oi 
M&tJ!l1.m'~ expe<1ilion. 

BRIEFLY ... 

A. GAS 1M')\( , A. S~ GQt~llE. . 
IoNO " ~El\CQI'~R ' " TI\A.T'5 

All 1 A:5~ . 
'I 

-!-,I ... ~ 

.. I ..... 

UC Press Celebrates Centennial 
The University of California Press, one of the top fIVe 

academic presses in the nation, will be celebrating its 
centennial with a special exhibit of photographs, books 
and other materials. 

The exhibit is entitled "Publishing for the Centuries: 
A Visual History of the University of Califomia Press," 
and will be on display between Feb. 22 and Mar. 26 at 
the Berkeley campus. Portions of the exhibit will move to 
the Los Angeles campus from September to December. 

In its partnership with the university, the Press's 
fundamental goal is to disseminate scholarship through 
books, journals and electronic media, within the univer-
sity community. 

UC Press publishes 180 new cloth-bound books 
annually, in addition to about 75 paperback books and 
30 joumals. In addition, the Press has approxImately 
3.600 titles on its active backllst. 

As part of a public university and as one of the major 
publishers in Califomia, the Press also plays a role as 
publisher of books of particular Interest to Californians 
such as agriculture, water issues and natural history. 

The exhibit will emphasize the diversity of the Press's 
publishing program and its prominence in the world of 
university press publishing. 

Fraternity To Bring Relief 
To nJuana Storm Victims 

The Phi Kappa Theta fraternity is sponsoring a 
Tuuana Relief Philanthropy until Feb. 3, 1993. It is 
collecting non-perishable food and clothes to help the 
victims of the rainstorms and floods that recently hit the 
San Diego area last month. Collection boxes will be 
located in the Price Center Lobby next to EDNA and in the 
college resident dean's offICes. 

UCSD Keyboard Team Wins 
First In Duo Plano CompetHlon 

The keyboard team of UCSD Music Professors Ruth 
Neville and Daniel Koppelman, otherwise known as 
"duo runedako: won first place In the 1993 Duo.Piano 
WInter Festival and Competition sponsored by the Music 
Teachers Association of California and Grossmont Co~ 
lege. Neville and Koppelman perform a repertoire rang. 
ing from traditional ~iano literature to interactive 
works for synthesizers and computers. They can be 
heard in concert on Feb. 19 at 8 p.m. at Mandeville 
Auditorium. For more information, cail 534-5404. 

The Guardian 
weather rsport 

Mon: 67'/50' Tues:69'/50' Wed: 69'/50· Yesterd8y:62·/54· 
Source: National Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features £ditor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Grsph/cs £dltor 

DAN McDOWELL. Photo Editor 
PHiliP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIII8., Hiatus £ditor 

DESIGN COIIIULTNfT: James COllier 
IUUITltATOIIS: MlCha Croft. Tara Eo". NatII8n ErUn . Speed FII11I. Jennifer 
Hen, Dominic: Lobbl8, Alan LUIlII(ren. A<II1eno MuI\oz. Kelle Roe. AI SQona 
OIIIONIIII: Joel Arnold , Wilson CIleun&, Clncly Un, Men:uI LobbII, Chrll\ollller 
Lock 
1'NOT08IIAPIaI: 0nkI Cho. SIdart Deb, Paul MICk8y. Jennifer MatthftI. 

Lo~ Mitchell, ChucII NIUYen • .Jennlfltr V..,n 
COPYMADIIII: MIclleIIeChq. MIn MIler. Jeule Spmpf. MeIUn Tom_ 
TYPIST: TIm un smr ~ OIJ83. II __ ~ t.CSO ~ Is '*-.- b ... """ 01 

noIIdIeG lNMCIIIUor III. lie ..... _In ,.,alllllllpl -.sor ~ ... '* 
receut; 1ePMl!he'" 01 J/If t.CSO~ ... ~ d CIIornII. " ... ~ 

~ ~t.CSOQlldirlIlar._IIJ-"WI·lt,*_II!OIIIt ... '''''~ 
BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

JASON Im'CItII, AssociMe Photo Editor 
ARt' ROOT Assodate Spotts Editor 

DAMBtl iCiitmi, AsIlOCMte OpInion Editor 
LAMI& ReM, ANocIIIte,... Edlrof 
DAVID IIIIOW, AssocI«e r.ans Editor 

~ ue.TNfT: r .. Eoll 
I0Il DeAMIMA, IUiness ,.." 

..cHAIL IIDULU, AMttItIrW ~ 
-- MAITINEZ, AcMrrll*C ,..,.. 

L &-. ..-y, CtessJtled """' .... JtIIIfW ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing £ditor 
SHANNON • EDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, AssociBfe Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

..... WRENN, Sports EdItor 
__ nAIF...,..., Jennr GIIq. OlIn _. M8Ilr- RaII_. lINt! 
fII¥Ie. Mlcftllel ScnwIItz. SIIetyI _ 

.,.".~~camu.o.IWtICIIpIftter.AIIIrI~.IIIIIIIII_. 
BIIIy~CIvls_n._J __ ._--'IIDIIIIIdILII.WInCII'McHIlI. 
lIIemI Moon!. MUIIII Moortny. JulIe I'Ik. 1'IuI1'IIIIIIII. EJr RIMnI. IIIIIr 1ItIIIIy. IIIfI 
Saul. Rilu Saxena. Ale .. J. Sherman. JUlIe SIIImWI. 1IIfIn SpIItII. GNp)' ~ 

EcMoNI: 5346580 ....... 0fIIce: ~, Fu: &34-7Sel 
UCSD ~ 9100 ....., DIM 0316, 

a.. Jolla, CA 92Q93.-0318 
AclullIoI*Ion: s-oa FlOor, UCSO s.udIIII c.n.r --. 'A' 

Monday, February 1. 1993 

AtdtIy, ... 22: 
4:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a wallet from the Main Gym. Loss: 
$45. 
4:35 p.m.: A 23-year-old non-affiliate was arrested for petty theft of library 
materials at the Central Ubrary. She was cited and released. 
11:58 p.m.: A female student reported receiving an obscene phone call at 
Rfth Donns. 
......" ..... 23: 
12:31 p.m.: A female student reported receiving an obscene phone call at 
ThIrd Dorms. 
11:30 p.m.: An employee reported the theft of a 1988 Toyota pickup from 
Lot 305. Loss: $5,500. 
SunUy, ..... 24: 
1:25 a.m.: Officers report concerning an unfounded call of a suicide attempt 
at Tenaya Hall. 
MondIIy, Jan. 25: 
12:05 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1979 Toyota Celica from lot 
208. Loss: $1 ,000. 
12:15 p.m.: An officer report conceming harassment of a student on 
campus. 
12:34 p.m.: A student fainted at the Sunshine Store due to unknown cause. 
Taken to Scripps Memonal Hospital. 
9:00 p.m.: A student reported receiving an obscene phone call at Tioga Hall. 
11:55 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1987 Nissan Sentra from Lot 
208. Loss: $3,000. 
T ..... y, Jan. 26: 
8:36 p.m.: A student complained of dizziness at the Cancer Center and was 
transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
WednITNy, ...... 27: 
10:00 a.m.: A student fell and injured an ankle at the Recreation Gym. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
3:50 p.m.: A staff member injured their left ankle, right knee and hlp on the 
sidewalk east of Lot 306. Taken to Internal Medical Group Urgent Care. 
5:45 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a 1990 Jeep Cherokee from 
Lot 608. Loss: $13,000. 
6:30 p.m.: A faculty member reported the burglary of a 1981 VW Rabbit from 
Lot 608. Loss: None. 
8:00 p,m.: A student reported the theft of a 1989 Toyota 4-Runner from Lot 
305. Loss: $10,000. 
TIIundIIy, ..... 21: 
10:10 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a calculator from Galbraith Hall. 
Loss: $400. 
12:38 p.m.: A 45-year-old female non-affiliate was arrested for outstanding 
warrants for 4 counts of petty theft at Gilman and Myers. Taken to San Diego 
Municipal Court for arraignment. 
4:56 p.m.: A pedestrian was struck by a bike on the sidewalk by CMG. Taken 
to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 

- Compiled by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

ACADEMIC SENATE NOTES 
M ..... of the Academic ...... , Ian DI-.o Division, Jan. 21. 

uc IIucIPt UpdIIt. - Vice-Chancellor for Academic Affairs Maoorie Case rio 
addressed the current budget situation and the effects of present cuts ar'ld 
fee increases on the following academic year. To address the fiscal crisis 
in terms of individual academic departments at UCSD, Caserio says she is 
working on an official task force which will send out letters to all department 
heads asking for suggestions and advice for increasing efficiency for any 
campus operations. Results would be evaluated by the task force. 

R ..... of St.ndlng CommItt ... - Chair of the Committee on Educa-
tional Policy (CEP) Samuel Kemell addressed the issue of students currently 
diagnosed with learning disabilities, citing the fact that the number of 
students at UCSD diagnosed with a learning disability has risen from 5 to 
40 within the last 2 to 3 years. The university does have a policy regarding 
its legal responsibility toward disabled students. The CEP will be writing to 
each of the departments citing the various disciplines and the need to 
address the different disabilities constituted in each department. 

Voting In the Repr ... ntative Assembly - Two amendments were 
passed conceming the Representative Assembly adopting a secret ballot 
and a mail ballot. 

Name chang. requested for 0050'. Division of Engineering - Dean 
Rudee of the UCSD Division of Engineering issued a written request that the 
Division of Engineering be changed to ·School" of Engineering. There was 
argument over whether the name change would constitute a change in fiscal 
impact or administratIon. The Senate never reached a consensus. 

M_ ~ to Include "Dlvenlty" COUIM - Muir College Provost 
Patrick Ledden proposed an amendment on behalf of the Muir College 
faculty to change Muir College's general education requirements to include 
a "diversity" course focusing on the diversity of the United States, There was 
also a proposal to keep the old sequence requirement of a choice from two 
different categories from social sciences, mathematics or natural sciences 
instead of just one from social sciences and the choice of a sequence from 
either mathematics or natural sciences. The requirement proposal faIled. 
but the amendment as a whole passed . 

.............. - Chair of the Committee on Campus and Environment 
John Goodkind reported that there was a proposal in his committee to build 
a new tennis facility on the north end of campus. The proposal was put to 
a vote to be referred !lack to the Committee on Educational Policy. The 
proposal passed unanimously. 

- ComplIed by KanIn ChenI, Associate News Editor 

The UCSD Guardian 

WR C: Political 
collective of Women's 
center dissolved 
ContInued from page 1 
issues imponantto them were being 
overlooked. 

The first indication of the disso-
lution appeared Friday,Jan. 22 when 
a ign was posted on the door of the 
WRC, stating, "The WRCdissolved 
Thursday night." 

Suzanne Scarboro, who wrote 
the sign, said, ". knew it was sup-
posed to say 'political collective,' 
and I ju t forgot. " 

Members of the former political 
collective said they hope to foml a 
new collective based on the active 
panicipation of women of all back-
grounds. 

Berty Hai said that she, like many 
of the OIher women of color in the 
collective, " took time out to go to 
thi retreat becau e I wanted to edu-
cate white women." However. she 
said, "I felt very frustrated ... people 
were saying 'why is it caHed white 
privilege?' We wanted to talk about 
women of color. not how uncom-
fortable white women felt with that 
label. " 

Debi James, a wh i te woman who 
was at the retreat, agreed. 

" A lot of people didn't have the 
understanding that this was really a 
time to challenge yourself," Janles 
said. " People in geneml showed a 
lack of commitment to discussing 
[white women's privilege]." 

The di cus ion ended when 
members of color walked out of the 
forum. 

Many members of the former 
collective said the remaining white 
women agreed that without the full 

membership, the WRC political 
collective could no longer exist. 

Seunghee Cha was one of the 
women who walked out of the dis-
cussion at the retreat. 

"Speaking for myself. thi was 
no longer a safe place," she said. " I 
realizethatlcanonlybea woman in 
the WRC when. shove my color to 
the side. When you bring all women 
together, you have to deal with all of 
the issues. I was bom Korean and a 
woman at the same time, and the 
collective just wasn't a safe place 
for me to explore my identity." 

Other women of color who were 
involved with the former collective 
said that they felt that the WRC had 
historically failed to adequately ad-
dre s is ue of race. 

Hai said she noticed ttJat other 
campus feminist groups for women 
of color do not associate with the 
WRC. 

"1 felt that the women in WRC 
thought they were doing us a favor 
by li tening to our problems." she 
said. 

"The WR taned out for what-
ever reason a a white women's 
group," Leng Loh said. "lllere is a 
psychological phenomenon when 
you walk into a ro m full of white 
faces and you don't see yourself 
there." 

The individuals of the former 
'collective emphasized that not all 
women involved were at the same 
place in terms of awareness. 

"There is a wide continuum of 
awarenes among the white 
women." Shannon Tumer said. 

"We're all women and all dis-
criminated against," Lisette Lahana 
aid. 

" But I didn't realize that this 
notion of 'all women' is basically 

APPAREL ZONE 
1'actory Out[et C[otfiing Stores 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

EVERY DAY 
Name brands i"clude: 

- EXPRESS 
-TWEEDS 
- GENERRA COLLECTION 
- VICTORIA'S SECRET 
- and many other name brands 

too low in pricc to I11cnrion 

• Miramar 

NEWS 3 

constructed around white women," 
she said. 

"I think it was a crashing realiza-
tion on some people," she added. 

BOlh women of color and white 
women who had been involved with 
the WRC said they were optimistic 
about building a new group. 

"The problem is that we have a 
racist hi tory," James said. 

"The pain was there. What's 
goi ng on now i s an 
acknowledgement of what's going 
on all over campus," she added. 

Cha added, "I hope that people 
don't point fingers at the WRC," 
and said she hoped the WRC is 
seltinganexample forothercampus 
groups to encourage discussions of 
r.lcism. 

J ames also addressed the absence 
of university funding for a campus 
women's center. 

" We wouldn't have to worry 
about all the anxiety over the ser-
vices not being provided [following 
the WRC's dissolution] if we had a 
fully-funded women \ center," she 
said. 

Members of the former organi-
zation said that the future of the 
collective will be the focus of dis-
cussions already planned. 

llle women interviewed said that 
they didn't view the dissolution as a 
drawback, but rarheras an "empow-
ering move Ihat ha been taken for 
internal reason, and will only 
strengthen the purpose and legiti-
milcy the organization has on cam-
pus," as stated in a Jan. 27 memo 
addressed to concerned universi ty 
members. 

A discussion group of women 
addressing white privilege is planned 
for Tuesday, Feb. 2 at 6:30 p.m. in 
the Oasis Annex. 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 450-3323 
• Pacific Beach 

931 Garnet 483-5150 
• SDSU 

6663 E1 Cajon Blvd. 460-4370 
• Escondido 

Escondido Promenade 737-6167 



4 PINION The UC D Guardian Monday, F"bruary I , 1993 

C 0 M M E N TAR Y 
A severe lack of family values on the part of the American elite is weakening our moral strength 

and transforming this countty's diyersity into divisioo 

erica Falling To Pieces 
By Miguel Buckenmeyer 
Senior Staff Writer 

No soc iety can exist or continue to exist 
unless it shares common va lues. Without such 
values. the perpetuation of any society looks 
grim. For Americans these values have 
historically been very broad and have not 
necessarily been tied to any part icular religion 
or ethnicity. In fact. those who have immi-
grated to America have not always shared a 
common religion. race or culture. TIley have 
hared. however. the belief in opportunity and 

the values that would allow them to take 
advantage of the "American Dream." 

The liberal cultuml el ite have infi lt rated 
American institutions and ideas ,md have 
muted important ethical more that. in the 
past. were inherently American: personal 
responsibility towards the community 
and self-discipline. If these precepts 
continue to fade at the hands of the 
Prophets of Self. America will assured ly 
continue iLS plummet from hegemony to 
mediocrity. 

George Will has written that "elites 
I have] abandoned the ethi of haracter. un 
ethi that encouraged and enforced right 
condu t. " According to Rothman. Lic hter and 
Lichter. ''The traditional elites of America u:.ed 
to be the repository of the bourgeois values of 
famil y. community. freedom and self-fC!>tmint. 
Perhaps the imp" t of the new strategi eli te. is 
mo~t clear in the erosion of the bourgeois 
values among those who have alwaylo been its 
keepers .. . We thus appear to be witnessing the 
gradual abdication of the traditionulunderpin-
nings of American ociety." This degrada-
tion of American values by the elite is 
most apparent on several fronts that 
have been hot issues in the past few 
year;. ~\lch as the debate over 

... 

Graphics by Dominic Lobbia/Gua'lIioWl 

family value. sex education and abortion. 
It is widely accepted thalthese "bourgeois" 

va lue" come from families and indeed, 
families are at the hean of the ethical values 
debate. The elites scoffed at Dan Quay le for 
expounding on family values and chided 
Republicans for continuing the discussion. 
The Republican position is widely misunder-
stood and indeed it has an important point to 
make: families and values are nearly ynony-
mous. as are values and success. A Making of 
the Modem World profe sor I once had said 
that there was nothing inherently good or 
positive abouttrdditionaJ families and that 
non-traditional families are acceptable and to 
be encouraged. While it is true that such fruit-
bearing values of self-responsibility and 
discipline can come from non-rraditional 
familie - or, better said, living arrangements 
- the correlation between stable family units 
and economic and social success is portentous. 

Consider, for example. the e~perience of 
many Asian-Americans. According to Julian 
Ku, 'The model minority stereotype doe 
hurt ... But the problem lies not in the word 
'model' but in the word minority. Asian-
Americans have become ... model Americans." 
Asian culture is undeniably family-oriented 
whereby e~tended families have a strong sense 
of loyalty and family responsibility. Ku asserts 
that Asians-Americans "Oil the average are nOl 
on ly more wealthy. but also bel1er educated 
and more likely to live in two-parent hou e-

holds than most Americans," Some 74 
percent of Asian-Americans live in 

married households and. perhaps 
correspondingly. over one-third 
are college graduates. Ku states 
that "Asian-Americans all share 
that common faith in the 

See VALUES, Page 5 

-

BURSTING THE GROWING POPULATION BUBBLE 
By Damen Scranton 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Imagine a balloon - forest green or blue in hue. You pick it 
up. cool. smooth rubber. and stretch out the neck until it feels just 
right. 

Then you blow. rhythmically. and watch it expand right there 
in front of your face. I suppose in many way you and the balloon I 
are one - even if only for that brief moment. 

But for some reason, you can' t top. You keep blowing and 
blowing. breathing deeper and with more fervor each time. After 
an eternity of labor and superficial satisfaction. the balloon 
explodes in an instant that is faster than time itself. at least by our 
perception. Yes. it was that last breath that triggered the e~plo­
sion. but you never really had any intention of ~topping. 

We are in the mid t of a few explosions of our own. The 
human race is experiencing a population explosion that has a lot 
of people worried about mankind' future here on Planet Earth. 
The population has more than doubled in the last 40 years. and 
expert are foreseeing a global community of more than IO 
billion people not too far into the 21 t century. 

COMMENI'ARY: The 
planet's ever-expanding human 
population needs to ignore the 
Ointon theine song - don't 
stal1 thinkin' about tomorrow. 

But you have to look back a bit farther in time before you can 
even begin to comprehend the scope of the planet's little prob· 
lems with overcrowding. subsi stence and whatnot. The year 
1993 occurs on what could quite possibly be interpreted as the 
asymptote of a hyperbolic curve that has been in existence for 
millions of years. That's right. the world's population is an 
exponential function - a horizontal line gone awry. 

ow. if you were to place that population graph next 10 that 
of the balloon you just blew up, it would become quite clear that 
we are, indeed, in the midst of an explosion of absolute finality. 
It is an exploslbn from which there is no turning back and an 
explosion for which there i no viable human solution. as there is 

no saving the balloon once you 've taken that last, fateful breath. 
But I don't want you to get the impression that this is just a 

population thing. Let's consider the dumping of toxic substances 
by mankind into the environment. Nothing in particular - ju t 
a conglomeration of man-made to~ i ns that have been manufac-
tured, "consumed" and deposited into the four spheres over the 
years. If you were to chart those releases and the subsequent 
changes they have wrought upon the Earth' environment. you 
would see that each graph bears striking resemblance to those of 
both human population trends and exploding balloons. 

True. the world may not be coming to an end right thi s minute 
by 0 1/1' standards. but si nce when did our standards supersede the 
natural laws of the universe? When you look at the big scheme of 
things. mankind just drove straight into the brick wall it wa 
de tined to hit from the begi nning of time- not ollrtime bullime 
time. It's ju t that our faces haven't gone through the windshield 
yet. 

So, basically it·s pretty much the end of the world as we know 
it, and I feel fine because that' just the way it is. Just as every 

See EXPLOSION, Page 5 

Monday, February 1,1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD THIS COULD BE 
COI'ttMENrARY: Shameless, grin-and-bear-it optimism may be fooIhardy, but fatalistic indifference is nothing more than the easy way out 
By PhIlip Michaels 
Opinion Editor 

The world is a truly wonderful 
place, bursting to the brim with hope 
and promise. Oh, sure, we may have 
our bad pell from time to time -
01' Man Trouble may rear his ugly 
head. But as long as we roll up our 
leeves and have,..a song in our heart. 

there's nothing we can't overcome. 
Why, with our technology, innova-
tive spirit and can-do attitude, we can 
olve any problem, cure any disease. 

stabilize any economy and just make 
the world a peachy place to live. After 
all, it 's mid-morning in Bill Clinton 's 
America. 

This is what I've been assigned to 
write anyhow. I drew the short traw 
in the Opinion Section sweepstakes, 
and as a consequence. I have to write 
the gee-things-aren 't-all-that-bad-
we 've.been-through-worse-scrapes-
before·so-buck-up-little-campercom-
mentary. There 's only one problem 
that I have with such optimism: I 
don't believe a word of it. 

Since the time I turned 17,1 have 
lived my life with one simple tenet to 
guide me - civilization is on the 
express train to Hell. Given the choice 
between good and evil. nine times out 
of 10 every man, woman and child 
will opt for evil. if for no other reason 
than evil take a lot les effort. We 
haven't wound up with ethnic divi-
ion, the Greenhouse effect and 

crack-addled teenagers becau e ev-
eryonewas behaving themselves. And 

EXPLOSION: 
It's the end of the 
world as we know it, 
and I feel fme 
Continued from page 4 
individual human being needs to come 
to grips with the fact that his or her life 
will eventually and inevitably come 
to an end, mankind as a single entity 
needs to come to grips with the fact 
that it cannot and will not go on for-
ever. 

Every ounce of collective human 
energy that i pent each and every 
second of each and every day remi -
niscing about the past and fantasizing 
about the future is an ounce of human 
energy that is in direct conflict with 
the act of living. 

I've been reading quite a bit of 
Gneek literature lately. What is the 
purpose of mankind's existence? For 
what purpose does mankind exist? 
The existence of mankind is meant to 
fulfill what purpose? God, is it de-
pressing. But the Greeks didn 'tcreate 
this animal instinct; they just epito-
mized it. Throughout history, the 
search for the meaning of life has 
been one of the main driving forces 
behind the juggernaut that is human-
ity. 

But there is no meaning to life . 
There is no purpose for our collective 
existence. Once individuals recog-
nize this one basic human truth, their 
lives take on - and ] hope you'll 
pardon the expression - a whole 
new meaning. 

It doesn't matter that mankind is at 
the end of its self-shonened rope. It 
matters that there are hundreds of 
millions of people in this world that 
go to bed hungry every night. 

It doesn't matter that your 
grandchildren's children may see the 
world end during their lifetime. It 
matters that your neighbor's children 

it's highly unlikely that we're going 
to come to our senses and start towing 
the line any time soon. 

This is hardly an original point of 
view. People have been decry:ng the 
decline of civilization for generat ions. 
Our morals and ethic are hot to hell ! 
Our planet is being destroyed before 
our very eyes! Things aren't like they 
were back when we were your age! 
Whining about the good old days is 
becoming a cottage industry, it seems. 
There areentiredepartmentsat UCSD 
devoted to proving that we're going 
to Hell in a hand basket. 

But that's where [ disagree with 
those who talk about how farciviliza-
tion has fallen. Constantly talking 
about the good old clays and the golden 
ages presupposes that such a time 
actually existed. Civilization i n't on 
the decline - it's been in the crapper 
ever since Adam and Eve developed 
an affinity for produce (or ever since 
amphibians gOl tired of swimm ing all 
the time, for you evolution buffs). 

Throughout history, no tribe, race 
or nation has held a monopoly on 
virtue. Sure, dvilization brings you 
language, culture and history, but 
murder, hatred and mayhem are part 
of the package. Take the Roman 
Empire. for example. They gave us 
orne nice tatues, a working sewage 

system and high-performance chari-
ots. but they were some pretty sick 
puppies, as anyone who's ever seen 
Caligula will tell you. Besides. there's 
that whole problem of throwing Chris-

World Population 
Figures 

(in millions) 
5,385 

4,258 

3,371 

2,526 

1950 1965 1977 1991 
Graphic by Rere Bruckner/Guard/an 

Source: United NatJons PopulatJon Bulletin 

The ...-ell for the 
meaning of life has 
always been one of the 
....... driving forces 
..... ldthe~ 
that Is "'manIty. But 
there ,. no m ..... to 
life. n.. Is no 
... rpo.e for our 
coIlectIv. existence. 
Once Indh1duals 
recccnIH this one 
.......... truth, 
their lives take on -
... I hope you'll 
...... tha 
axpr ••• lon - a whole 
newm ...... 
are being physica\1y and menta\1y 
abused each and every day, and you 
know it. 

It doesn't matter that things might 
not tum out the way you always hoped 
and dreamed. It matters that you are 
here right now reading this and breath-
ing the same air that the guy to your 

Throughout history, no 
bib&, race or nation 
.... held a monopoly 
on vtrtue. Sure, 
civilization ...... you 
..... ..-, culture .... 
history, but murder, 
hatred ... ....,...... 
.. PIri fII the 
peck ... Take the 
Ronal EmpIre, for 
example. 1hey gave us 
..... nice .... .., a 
working sewage 
system .... 
hIgh-perfoIll .. 1C8 
cIBtob, but they were 
....... ettyslck 
... PIII.., - anyone 
who's ever seen 
Callgula will tell you. 

left is ... feeling the sameguillthalthe 
woman to your right is ... living the 
same lie that I am. 

The 1980 U.S. census cost the 
government, over a 10-year period. 
more than $10 billion dollars. That 
breaks down to about $4.70 per per-
son - a lot less than the A 'sociated 
Students paid for the recent special 
election, but still. a lot of money. Just 
think of all the frivolous, self-indul-
gent individual pleasure $4.70 
could've given each and every one of 
us. You tell me if it was worth it. I 
mean, we've only got a few more 
decades. 

[t probably sound like I'm propa-
gating some sort of self-centered 
lifestyle that is fit for no one but a 
heathen. That is certainly not the case. 
though there's nothing wrong with 
being a heathen as long as you're 
happy and you aren't bothering any-
body. It 's just that this whole new 
American ideal of youth, rejuvena-
tion and, as the campaign song says, 
"thinkin ' about tomorrow" is really 
bugging the hell out of me. People 
shouldn't need these contrived ideals 
to get by in life; to truly live long and 
prosper. Monality is an intrinsic as-
pect of life, both on an individual and 
a social level. Once an individual not 
only realizes his or her own mortal-
ity, but comes to embrace it as the sole 
propelling force behind life, living 
and loving becomes a pm of your 
soul. The same must be true for man-
kind as a whole. 

It's a tough task indeed, but hu-
manity must find a way to embrace its 
own demise as the only thing that wi II 
possibly give it a reason for e~isting 
in the fU'St place. And we better do it 
pretty soon, because the explosion is 
definitely in the works and it would 
really be a shame if all the years of 
hardship and suffering have been for 
nothing but a few bottles of bubbly 
and couple of mylar balloons. 

tian-type folks like myself to the lions 
and calling it a pectator port (this 
pnlctice wouldn't be so bad if the 
Christian in que tion was, say. Pat 
Buchanan ... ). 

Immorality is hardly something 
lhat was invented by Madonna and 
her creepy Hollywood pals to lead us 
down the path of darkness. Prostitu-
tion. drug use and adultery are time-
honored traditions. practiced by ev-
eryone from the Babylonians to the 
Kennedy family. 

The problems we face today are 
no worse than the ones thaI have 
cropped up throughout the centuries 
-only the names have been changed 
to complicate matters fUl1her.lnstead 
of worrying about the Crusades, the 
Bubonic Plague and tynlOnical kings 
as our forbearers did. we're all strung 
out over the Persian Gulf. AIDS and 
the Republican party. And maybe the 
pioneers never had thethreatof nuclear 
annihilation hanging overtheir heads, 
but very few of us have to worry about 
being eaten by bears. 

So. if civilization has already gone 
belly up, why should we even bother 
worrying'! Wouldn ' t it be easier for 
society to shrug its collective shoul-
ders. kick back on the ofa and pound 
some Budweiser before its eventual 
and inevitable doom? Perhaps - but 
that would be miss ing the point. 

Complaining about the wretched 
state of affai~ the world finds itself in 
is ea y, passes the time and doesn't 
take a great deal of intelligence. It 

VALUES: Elites 
are crippling America 
Continued from page 4 
opportunity of America." That op-
portunity probably has become a real -
ity because of a mindframe that al-
lows individuals to draw on the reo 
sources of the family rather than from 
those of the state. 

The fact that intellectual elites, 
such as those at UCSD. preach the 
idea that traditional families are not 
necessary is frighten ing given the di ~­
ruptivesituation in the inner-city com-
munity. Equally disturbing is their 
assumption that the government has 
no role in fostering these values and 
that government leaders are foolish 
fordoing so. On the contrary. it is the 
government 's responsibility to inter-
vene by influencing factors that will 
allow the rebuilding of families and 
the resurrection of ethical values. 
Areas exist where the government 
does have an acceptable role that en-
ables it to promote individual respon-
sibility and discipline. One of those is 
in the public school system. 

It is here again that liberal elites 
have and are undermining America. 
They have missed a crucial opportu-
nity to assist in restoring order to the 
American moral fabric and teaching 
pub/ic\y-educated students those val-
ues that their privately-educatedcoun-
terparts are receiving (It is no secret 
that Catholic schools are among the 
most successful in the country in fos-
tering responsible public behavior). 
The liberals that currently dominate 
school boards and teacher unions skin 
the issue of sexual ethics by assuming 
that children will invariably become 
sexually-active at an early age and 
therefore should have the intricacies 
of adult contraceptives forced on them. 

Is there no better protection than 
teaching someone to take respon i-

doesn 't take much talent to spout off 
about how rotten things are. a Dan 
Quayle so ably demonstrated these 
past four years. The truly remarkable 
people in this world are those who 
recognize what's wrong with society 
and. in spite of the likelihood of fail-
ure. try to do something about it. 
What is even more remarkable is that 
on occasion, these people succeed. 

Former Supreme Court Justice 
Thurgood Marshall wasacase in point. 
Marshall, who died last week at the 
age of84, believed that the law should 
ensure equal opportunity for every 
citizen. a cause that he fought for in 
8 rolt'll \'. Board of £(/IICOlioll. Be-
cause of Marshall, there is a little 
more equality than there would have 
been had everyone just shrugged their 
shoulders and gone :tbout their busi-
ness. Is society completely free of 
racial divi ions? Hardly. But. at the 
risk of sounding cliched. Marshall 
Challenged those div isions-he made 
a difference. 

The world. when you get right 
down to it. can be a pretty wretched 
place, what with wars and poverty. 
Maybe there are some problems that 
can never be overcome, not even wi th 
rolled-up sleeves and a song in our 
heart. Shameless. grin-and-bear-it 
optimism may be foolhardy. but fa-
talistic indifference is nothing more 
than the easy way out. After all. if 
civi liza ti on really is a hell -bound 
hand basket. the least we can do is to 
make it the best handbasket possible. 

bi lity for one's actions? If someone is 
taught that they and they alone are 
responsible for the consequences of 
their action - for exam pIe pregnancy 
and sexually-transmitted diseases -
then the chances that they will engage 
in risky behavior is less. If they are 
taught thut discipline to achieve long-
teml goals is more in1portam that 
Shol1-term gratification, will they not 
think twice about pursuing self-de-
structive behavior? Contrary to lib-
eral belief. children are capable of 
rising to high expectations. There just 
has to be a standard explained to 
them. Early sexual activity should not 
be seen as an inevitable occurrence 
among youth. After all. do we really 
believe that adolescents are emotion-
ally prepared for sex and the natural 
consequences of it? I hardly think so. 

Of course, pregnancy is not really 
a problem when it is easily addressed 
through abortion. Here also, those 
who would ignore issues of morality 
and stress only individual convenience 
have not only degraded and cheap-
ened life, but have promoted prac-
tices that deny the concept of taking 
personal responsibility for one's ac-
tions and sex ual practices. Is abol1ion 
an answer or another problem? In-
deed, abortion-on-demand has not 
decreased the instances of child abuse, 
wife abuse, and other social prob-
lems that its proponents claimed it 
would. Even worse. el ites cringe at 
teaching self-restraint and re ponsi-
bility in sex-eclucation classes which 
would, unlike the divorce of personal 
re ponsibility from personal actions, 
lessen the number of abortion . 

America has never been the land 
of cultural and religious homogeneity 
nor should it be. This diversity de-
mands an even tricter moral and ethi-
cal commitment to the community. 
The continual assau It on the e Ameri-
can values by the liberal elite is tran -
forming diversity into division. 



6 OPINION 

# 
:Jlowers tf 9f!s 

Costa Verde Cenler 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

•• In Diego. CA 92122 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
,,"h punhJ .... 1/1 II .... molfl.' 
\ 11. ,,,lwJ ,uth In\ ,.h.." nUn 

P.lp. VI4NJ 

.. 
- 'lo t Ot:Uvu 
'll'orld'll'Ide' 

-----------

I 

COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

2 for 1 
ON ANY COFFEE DRI N KS 

Thi coupon nOl valid IVI/h any OIher ofler. Exp. 2128/93 

STORE HOURS 

I 
• 

M,Th 6:30 am· 1 0 pm; F·Sat. 7 am·l1 pm; Sun. 7:30 am·9 pm 
LIVE MUSIC 
~ Fri . & Sat. 8-10 pm 

8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 110 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 45 3-9252 

~-----------------------
" +. Ca~ C[]py~~o+ 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELa & CO MB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

J. J J lIo/ifla,)' t. ( 1If!:\'1 10 Du",illo 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M.F 8 :3G-6 p.m . hp 3 , 1 , 93 
SAT. lG-l wIth UCSD ID 

I 
I 
I 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. February I, 1993 

THE GUARDIAN IS IN BED WIlli THE IFC 
Editor: 

Perhaps you'll take a moment to 
coot out of bed with the IFC/PH 

Council and print this reply to your 
quarterly puff piece on the Greek 
system ("It's Not Easy Being Greek." 
Jan. 19). Why is it that sometime 
around pledge week we are subjected 
to one of these vapid. whitewruhed 
slories about how great the Greek 
system really i ? Shame on all us 
dummie for believing the media! 
After all. frats are really a bunch of 
community-oriemed, good Samari-
tan trying todo the "philanthropical" 
thing. Excuse me while I cough up a 
small intestine. 

Let me break down some reality 
for you. Fratemitie and ororitiesare 
in lhe exclusion game. They are insti -
tutionalized organizations which seek 
to keep others from joining them 
through aritualistic set of'1raditions:' 
in the name of having a good time and 
meeting (read: "buying") new friends. 
In the pasi, at variou school ,this has 
led to uch time-honored practices as 
hazing. eliminating orority pledge 
based on breast ize or wardrobe, 
hiring prostitutes for frat panies. wan-
ton date rape, two-way mirrors which 
allow the illicit recording of sexual 
act and drugging of women's drinks 
with undectectable grain alcohol. 

There are exceptions to be found. 
But that 's the problem, they're excep-
tions. The underlying theme in most 
fratemitie I've known is, "to get 
wasted and laid as often as possible." 

Have things changed overthe years 
as the various Greek PR campaigns 
would like you to believe? Sure, 
they're a lot more secretive and care-
ful about who they do things in front 
of now. Everyone know that frats 
still haze, they simply do it in se-
cluded areasoff-campus,like in moun-
tain retreat or on boat , where they 

SCHOLARSHIPS AND 
GRANTS AVAILABLE· 
NO GPA REOUIREMENTS 
NO INCOME RESTRICTIONS 
NO AGE LIMITS 
GUARANTEE 
We WI" match you Wllh at leaSI SIX 
non-government soulces 01 hnanclal 
aid or your money backl 
DOUBLE GUARANTEE 
You Will receIve at least $100 In 
gIants/scholarships or we WIll give 
you a $100 U S. SavIngs Bondi" 
For ,nfarmaliOn and an applicallon. 
send your name and address to 
TONY STRONG AND ASSOCIATES 
6285 E. SPRING ST., Suile 399 
LONG BEACH. CA 90808 
'Scholarships and grants available 
lor undergladu.tes 

.. Full guarantee detaIls sent With 
application 

READERS' 

FORUM 
/he GuWiaII ooe/c:omes letters from is rNdets. 
NI leiters must lie 110 IOfWer rtlM rtree paees. 
ryped. doubIespaoed IM!d s~. We reseM! !hi! 
tWflllO edir for IetWfh and cJ¥(y. Send aillette<s 
to: 

The Guardian 
00In1on EOitor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 920930316 

can't be caught. Do you think it' a 
coincidence that time after time we 
hear incidents of irrespon ible drink-
ing. exploitation of women in flyers, 
calendars or lyrics and all manner of 
exual misconduct in fratemitie ? 

Come on, wake up and smell the keg! 
I'm not saying that all frat s do all 

of these negative things, or even half 
of them. The fact is that these things 
go on in some fonn and orne level at 
every campu and institution where 
frats and sororities ex ist. It's a system 
built around this kind of irrespon-
sible. immature behavior, and to 
omehow uggest they've cleaned up 

their act is to say that a leopard can 
change its spots. 

Sorry, Ben Freund, but do you 
really think that because they occa-
Sionally perfonn civic duties during 
the day that it somehow overshadows 
or balances the irre ponsible and 
hannful anirudes they foster at their 
weekly keggers? If it looks like a 
duck, walks like a duck and says its a 
wan, beware! 

Eric Adrian 

lien Boychuk Is No 
WIM~ 
Editor: 

Ben Boychuk has now brought 
the same whining petulance to film 
reviews (" Hoffa," Jan. 14) for which 
he is already well known in other 
columns. His effort to appear as a 
wise cunnudgeon seem forced and 
self-consciou . 

The great joumalistic cunnudg-
eons combine substantive ideas and 
insight with their "attitude" and cre-
ative tum of phrase. I think I see 
where you're headed, Ben, but it's not 
working. 

It's one thing to play the reckless 
cunnudgeon in reviewing common 
entertainment , but quite another when 
interpretations of important histori-
cal figures are involved. Example: 
Boychuk'sassertion that Spike Lee's 
portrayal of Malcolm X was balanced 
while Danny De Vito directed a "love 
fe t" for Hoffa strains credibility. 

MallY observers have noted the 
heanfelt , but nevertheless selective 
and uncritical account of Malcolm 
X's life as depicted in both the film 
and Haley's book on which it is based. 
While perhaps DeVito could have 
been tougheron Hoffa, the film clearly 
how Hoffa making a financial alli-

ance with organized crime, which 
leads to his downfall. 

Hoffa's campaign later to regain 
control of the union is not motivated 
for the good of the labor movement, 
but rather his own desire for ven-
geance and power. That blind ambi-
tion results in his death. The story is 
told as a mythic tragedy. 

To his credit, De Vito didn 't work 
at making Hoffa look good or bad; 
events speak for themselve in this 
film. 

Kim Apel 

___ ~:~n. UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~~Mdo~~~~~Y* 
• $20 minimum purchase· within 5 mile radius or campus 

E\p.UI4fJJ 
Not. valid " 'l th 
any other offer 

as always, 10% o~~ when you 
visi t the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr_ (in the Ralph's Center ; 
Prompt delivery , 7 days a \\eek. Open dai ly am· pm 

La Jolla Zoo & Teddy Bear Express 
AFFORDABLE STUFFED ANIMALS 

Ship UPS Nollonwide 1298 Prospect Street, 2B 
Open 7 doy, 

_ Coast Walk, Mid Level 
~¥'Q La Jolla 
'-U~G~ ? ~t~!1~ GUND® 1¥~))~ 1 0% Off Valentine items with this od. 

. Offer good unti 2/14/93. Not yalld with anv othet 
,' .. offer. Owned by UCSD olurml. 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanfor~ D.D.S. 
General , Prc\'cnratin:, and OSIllCtiC en'ices 

Rcln'<rn,J'rimn(Yn'I/I/lSpb...-r . t/il/l/r(r .1IM, OM. ~I)(.'f) · 

LA JOLLA VIUAGE PROHSStONAL CENTER 
8950 VIUA LA JOLLA DR" SUlll; 2103 
Top Flo". //111 b,'bi"d rbr Ef,.pbnllr IInr 

558·3490 
ErmillfIJ';;- Snmrdn.r 

Appei"r",mts Arnifnbli 

Monday , February 1, 1993 

BUDGET: 
Berkeley Professor 
takes budget to task 
ContInued from pap 1 
instructional staff and academic 
employees. Schwanz emphasized 
that his figures concerning adminis-
trative growth only deal with top-
level administrators and their taff 
and does not include the upport 
slaff of the faculty , whose growth is 
justifiable with an increase in stu-
dent enrollment. 

With respect to this data, 
Schwanz says that the question is 
not, '''Why does [general adminis-
tration 1 grow faster than the other 
categories?,' but rather, 'Why does 
it groHl at all?'" 

According to Schwartz, large or-
ganizations typically depend on the 
concept of "economy of scale. " That 
is, the "size of the top management 
in a hierarchy is not supposed to 
depend on [he size of the productive 
workforce it oversees," he said. 

But, said Schwanz, "bureaucracy 
left alone tends to grow like mold in 
the howerandsometimesyouhave 
to scrub it off." The university i a 
prime exarnpleofbureaucratic self-
proliferation, he said. 

Schwartz also said that with all 
of the technological increases of the 
past 25 years, one would expect the 
amount of administrative support to 
decline, not increase. 

"One-half of the present total 
admini trative budget of the Un i-
versityofCalifomiais unnecessary," 
he said. 

According to Schwartz, the only 
way that the administrative fat can 
be identified is to have an impartial 
party assess the university's admin-
istrative efficiency. 

"Looking at the macro-data, it 's 
clear that something is really out of 
whack," said Schwartz. "Outside 
management efficiency experts must 
be brought in to detennine what can 
be cut. I charge that this is the re-
gents'responsibility." 

Schwanz said that cutting half of 
the estimated $523,508,000 spent 
on administration would "totally 
change the complexion of the uni-
versity." 

According to Schwartz, such a 
cut would average out to $1 ,600 per 
student. "There wouldn't be fee in-
creases, layoffs or cutbacks in ser-
vices," said Schwartz. 

On Jan. 3, Schwanz sent a copy 

of his reports to UC President Jack 
Peltason, requesting that it be placed 
on theagendaattheJan. 14Boardof 
Regents meeting at UCLA. 

" Please be reminded that I prefer 
to wor1< cooperatively within the 
university, but that requires your 
willingness to open up the now ex-
clusive procedures of the adminis-
tration." Schwanz wrote to Pel1ason. 

Schwartz received a letter from 
Special Assistant to the Pre ident 
Janet Young on Jan. 11 denying his 
request. "Your proposal does not 
treat the many complexi tie of the 
university's budgel (such as source 
of funds)," she wrote. 

University Spoke man Mike 
Alva said that the regemssimply did 
not have time to review the report. 
' 'The topic is complex and [the re-
gents) were unable to assign a staff 
to deal with [Schwartz' reports)," 
he said. "There are a variety of other 

"Bureaucracy left 
alon. t.nd. to grow 
Ilk. mold In the 
show.rand 
som.tl ..... you have 
to scrub It off." 

- Charles Schwartz, 
UC Berkeley Physics Professor 

i sues pending, such as the state 
budget and other activities on a day-
to-day basis. There wasn ' t time to 
devote at the meeting." 

Schwartz said he was "not sur-
prised, but di appointed" that his 
reque t was rejected. "[Peltason'sl 
stonewalling is the bigge t prob-
lem," he added. 

Howeyer, Schwartz attended the 
meeting anyway. According to 
Schwartz, after the regents had fin-
ished discussing student fees and 
financial aid, he approached a mi-
crophone and attempted to deliver 
his report. 

The microphone was quickly 
rumedoffand Schwartz was declared 
out of order. At that point , Schwartz 
blew a whistle he had brought with 
him and said to the regents, ' 'I'm 
blowing the whistle on you." 

According to Schwartz, Ihe re-
gents then called a five-minute re-
cess. When the board reconvened, 
RegentJeremiah Hallisey motioned 
to let Schwartz speak., but there was 
no second. 

Later in the meeting. Hallisey 
again motioned to let Schwanz 

The UCSD Guardjan 

present his report. This time, the 
motion was seconded by Regent 
Glen Campbell and Schwartz was 
given five minute to present his 
infonnation. 

"The Board of Regents has now 
been presented fonnally with the 
allegation that the University of 
Califomia i wasting great amounts 
of money on a bloated bureaucracy 
that has gone unchecked for de-
cade ." wrote Schwartz in his sec-
ond report on the UC budget. 

In that report, Schwartz also ad-
dressed Young 's criticism that he 
did not take into consideration the 
sources of funds for UC expendi-
tures on administration. 

Schwartz's examination of thi s 
point led him to conclude that 94 
percent of the university's expendi-
ture for admini tration comes from 
unrestricted funds that are "com-
pletely controlled by and spent at 
the discretion of the UC Board of 
Regents." 

According to Schwartz, the non-
transferability of funds i the "stan-
dard excuse" the regents use in "an 
attempt to obfuscate" the issue. 
Schwartz said he believes that by 
demonstrating that the regents do 
actually have control over money 
spent on administration, he has 
trengthened his argument. 

The university declined to com-
ment 'pecificallyonSchwanz's pro-
posal until his data is investigated 
further. 

"We're attempting to detemline 
where his infonnation came from 
and does it seem to match what we 
have as infonnation," said Alva. 

In hi s report , Schwartz lists sev-
eral ources for his financial infor-
mation, all from the university's 
financial records. Schwanz also 
note ahandfu l of experts who aided 
him in his six-month investigation. 

Alva said that although the uni-
versity is not prepared to specifi-
cally address Schwartz' data,many 
of his concem are issues that the 
universi ty is preparing toaddress. 

"When developing a budget, we 
al ways look al the most efficient 
and effective way while meeting the 
responsibility and the mission of the 
university," Schwartz said. "A re-
view of the university 's operation is 
part of any budget planning." 

Meanwhile, Schwanz has been 
distributing his infonnation to as 
many people as possible. At present, 
he is in contact with state legislators 
regarding his investigation. 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
- 77C1: 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11". Self-serve. Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 2411 x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/211 x 11" 
only 4ct: 

546-0088 
6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Gold.n Triangle 

NEWS 7 

~IRI~WIN(J (~O. 
I • 

.. '; ¢. ' .'-
..... - ; . " . UCSD 

"iGHt 
- --- , 
. 

I~~ ? . ' , \ leO. 
. ,""" - j . 

Wednesday 
Nights 

$1 ,~ 
PIUNER! --- \r' ,. l ~~ 

'

0,\0 .. " __ ~' I 
c\"\ .~ , I ~ :===!:. 

-.-

'6~'lO .f ,· ,j .•. " 
l,-;iJr 'f L-------"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla· :t 

~ 
. ~~ 

Sun.·Thurs. • lunch :' 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2 am 

• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21Jw student 10 J 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CALL 456·BREW 

• 8 Wolff Beds 622·1122 • 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

,-- - - - , STUDE~ECIAL ~ Buy ONE MONTH1 
: 10% OFF any i unlimited ... a friend gets : 
I clothing purchase ' I FREE MONTH I 

with this coupon. E,p. 2/28193. I UNLIMITED TANS 
_________ L ~Sl pre~t ~pon. E,p. 2/2819":" 

All 92's on SALE! 
~/'FUdl & RALEIGH 

15% 0 FF limited Stock so don't hesitate 
• Giro Hammerheads $59.95 
• The Cool Tool $24.95 
• Bike Lights from S 1 0 

~Jb 
U D Bike 

Shop 
In the Student Center. 0 en 10 - 5 Mon - Fri 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday. February ] . J 993 

CREATE YOUR IDEAL 

INTERNSHIP 
Drop by ASIO and choose from hundreds of 
internships nationwide, or get one developed. 

You: 
- Fill out a special request form 

- Select your ideal companies or organizations 

WE: 
- Contact the companies or organizations 

- Help you with your resume and cover letter 

- Get you the internship! 

possibilities are unlimited. For more info drop by 
ur office an ask for the Development Director. 
nd floor, Price Center, Room 2.306 or call 534-4689. 

From your friends 2t 
The Sunshi'ne Store & 
Revelle Sundry Store 

A 
Very Sweet DeJI 
February 1st-12th 

Bring in your color print film I/""' ........... 
and receive 2 sets of 
beautiful color prints 

t?lus-
A 

SOLID 
MILK CHOCOLATE 

HEART! 
Share your double prints with 

your sweetie and we 
throw in the Valentine 

FREE 

CLUBS! 
Have your group photo taken by a 

professional, FREE!! 
February 9, 6-8pm in Gallery A 

First come, ftrst serve. Find out how your 
cI ub can get a free page in the yearbook. 

STUDENTS! 
Buy a personal ad for as low as $20, 

SENIORS! 
Last senior portraits will be in mid April. 
Look for an appoinbnent card in the mail. 

$$$ Wanna earn money? $$$ 
Become a commissioned salesperson. 

A limited number of 1989-90 yearbooks are on sale for $20. 

For more infonnation. contact the UCSD Triton Yearbook at 
534-7491 , Price Center room 2.413 near Mac's Place. 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mltsubish. Isuzu Acura Daihats 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1 . Spark plugs 
2. Dlsttlbutor pOInts 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

3S-point Major Service Special $69* 
Co Extra for fuel· iniected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) ImpressIon lesl 

2. Valve adJUslmenl 
Replace : 
3 Valve cover gaskel. 
4. Spark plugs. 
5. Distributor polnls. 
6. Condensers. 
7. Air IiIler. 
8. 00l 11I1er. 
9 Gas filler. and 
10 Engine 001 

II . Adjusiliming 
12. AdluSI dwell angle 
13 AdluSI carburelor 
14 . AdJuSI all & Juel ratio 

mlxlure 
IS. AdjuSI steering box 
16 Adiusl clutch 
17. AdluSI brakes 
18. AdJuSI emergency brakes 
19. Ched< & adjusl exposed 

belts 

20. Lube Jront end 
21. Check & replenish all 

Iluid & oil levels 
22. Check electrical syslem 
23. Check for loose & lost 

bolls 
24 . Check brakes 
25. Check clulch 
26. Check lights 
27. Check undercarr oa~e 

Jar damages 

28. Check and recharge 
batteries. I~ necessary 

29. Rotale lires (if needed) 
30. Check ~Ie pressure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check aH holders 
33. Check cooling syslem & 

hoses 
34 . Check exhaust syslem 
35. Road tesl 

No .. '0I6-cyt'nder car •• "" $20 TOYOI. Sup<as, adCI $30 O ... un 2OOSX .. th 8 spark plugs. add S35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg . $80) 
We replace ' Front or rear. 

I TransmISSIOn Inpul shal l 4 Th'rowOUI bearing 1 InSlall speCial new pads Brake job includes: 
or ons!all rear brake shoes 

seal (excepl Hondas) 5 P,1o1 bearings 2 DraIn old brake flU id 6 AdJusllrono (II drums) 
2. Pressure plale 6 New IransmlsSlon 011 3 Inspecl complele and rear shoes 
3. CIUlch dISC 7 Road lesl hyd raulIC syslem 7 Replace ironl ro lor 

4 Reloll hydraulIC fluod seals (II rOlor. IUrn) 
NOle H~drau~c parts Lare nol coveted Not lor 4WD Front wheel 
duv8e. t,a 5 Bleed enbre brake syslem 8 Road lesl 

NOI. Hydrouloc pans are nol onduded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,000-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices include parts and labor. 

•••••••• 

800S Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

With thiI ad. Expires 1114.93 
Calf Jor appointment. 

To" '''I ,l"rj '~"',,' '.1' ,o"loIlblr f.' ond". f "dd) . JO am ~ P'" Open Saturday . 

9 CALENDAR 

Academic 
Workshops 

Monday thfOU8h Friday 
. 8 a.m.4 :3O p.m. (Frlday·3 p.m.)-TIle OASIS lMC..... Pracr_ provides assistance to 
sludents whose native 'aneuace Is not ErcJlsh 
and to those <loire work In Japanese. German. 
Spanish. French and VIetnamese. A d lacnostlc 
test on written Engli sh Is available on request 
Call 534-2284 for Info. (_Iy) 
. 8 a.m.4:3O p.m . - The OASIS ScheIata' 
w rltlre WCNkahop prOYides free Individual and 
grouP conferences 10 assist students with writlne 
P/O)ects. SWW also offers free word process In, 
fac ilities and compUter assistance, Stop by York 
Hall 4010 or calf 534-7344 to schedule an 
appointment (_kly) 
• 8 :30 a.m.4:3O p.m. - Lei OASIS Study 

~ CentM help)'Ou this quarter with 
time management. nole taking and editing. 
textbook analysis. memory. flexible/speed 
reading. vocabuiarydeve1opmentlWld GRE/lSAT / 
MeAT wrbal comprehension. Stop by Yorl< Hall 
4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointment. Also. stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Worl<shop and lhe 
GRE weekend specials . (weekly) 
• 8 a.m .-4:3O p.m. - The OASIS WrItInc 
c.nt.r Is a free service fOf all UCSO students . 
We offer one to one writ ing conferences for any 
type ofwritil'4l project · academic papers. personal 
statements, ewn stories and poems. Our staff 
of trained under&raduales. who come from a 
vanety of academic disciplines. can help )'OU 
become a more elfec:tiYe writer. Call 534-2284 
10 make an appointment or drop by our office In 
the 01Cl StUdent Center. BuilCl ln& A. Room 214. 
(-Iy) 

lE a.m .-4 p.m·-_c.-..WIIIIftII~ 
LotWy appUealiOn pe~OIl for Sprinc Quatter '93 
writlng classes continues until Feb. 8 . Fill out 
lWld sUbmit lottery "ticket ' aI HSS 2346 and leI 
Information on when to retum for lottery resultS. 

Mond6y. Feb. 1 
. 10-10:50 p.m. - IUfw"wllcWl Prac ... "-! 
Text An8IysIs - OASIS StUdy Manacement 
Center. York Ha11-4010. Free . Preretlstration Is 
recommended. 534-7344. 

TuesClay. ~b. 2 
. 3-3:50 p.m. - E.-~ - OASIS 
Study Manacement Center. York Hall 4010. 
Free. Preregistration Is recommended. 534-
7344. 

WeC1nesday. Feb. 3 
. 3-3:50 p.m. - Lectute/ Notet8kln& -OASIS 
SIUdy Manseement Center. York Hall 4010. 
Free. Prereglstralion Is recommended . 534-
7344. 
• 1 :30 p.m. - OAP P/OIF8m: School for Int 'l 
TIlllnlnCInfo MUIonI - 5Odlfferentstudy. field 
research. and Intemshlps in 32 countries. 
Scholarships ""all able! At the Inl'1I Center 
Conference Room. 

Thursc1ay. Feb. 4 
• 9-9 :50 a.m. - lnromwtIon Proc:es8InCITut 
AII8IysIa - OASIS Study Manacement Center, 
York Hall·4010. Free. Preregistral lon Is 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Friday. Feb. 5 
• 1 :30 p.m. - Study . bnIad In Malleo, 
SwItur1M1d or ............ 1 join us for a Center lor 
Global Education Info Session at the Inn Cenler. 
Sponsored by Ihe Programs Abroad office. 

Sarurday. Feb. 6 
. 9 a.m.·12 p.m. - S~ to ImpI'O¥e GRE 
TNt·T ..... AbIIty-OASIS Study Manacement 
Center. Vorl< Hall 4010, free. Preregistration Is 
recommended. 534-7344. 

Lectures 
WectnesdBy. Feb. 3 

. 12 p.m. - Cal s,.c. SerNnar - David C~sp 
from Jet Propulsion Laborartory In Pasadena. 
CA. liveS a lecture on 'Near Infra Red Ground 
Based Observations of the Nilht Side oIVenus." 
For Information call 534-5827. 
• 3 p,m. - c.nt.r for U.s .......... S~ 
SamInar- FemIndoSaimeron. fromUnlverslty 
ofTexas alAust in presents "Visible anCIlnvlslble 
Hands: Understandinc Growth In ACuascalientes. 
19 70-1990. " For Informat ion call 534-4503. 

ThursdBy. Feb. 4 
• 12 p.m. - "Blood In tIw ...... : Ethnic: MId 
R....- ConIIct In V ........ • - Ethnic 
Studies Dept. presents Melissa BoI<ovoy. History 
Dept. U of NM. 

FridBy, Feb. 5 
.4 p.m. - ColloquIum .... 011 GaJ'" 

~ 1_ - David Klrp. UC Berkeley. 
"Telling Tales: GayNarr8llves, StraiIIltCourses.· 
Room 3155. Literature Bldg.. Wa"en Collele. 
For Information call 5 34-2897, 

Health & 
Fitness 

Monday-Friday 
119 a.m.·3 p.m. - Free! Free ! Free! Tnt your 
phJsIcil lItnaa and endurance at FITSTOP. This 
is an offer )'OU can' I refusel Come by semnd 
floor Siudent Hea~h and make an appointment 
tOllayl (weekly) 
Monday-Thursday 
• (Mon. 2 p.m. Tues. iOa.m .. & 1p.moo Wed. 11 
a.m. &1p.m .• Thurs. 10 a.m. &1p.m.)-What 
Is the firSlleadlng cause Of death for women In 
New Yorl< City? AIDS. W..t _ fac:ta about 
STD'., bIoth CClIItnIIoptIons, MId pelvic . _1 
Come to the Women's Sexual Health Info sessIOn. 
Wednesday-Friday 
• (Wed. 1-4 p.m. Thur, 2-4 /l.m .. frl. 1-4 p.m.)-
Irs not enoUCh to just walch yoyr cholesterOl 
Intal<e. Knowil'4l)'OUr blood cholesterol level Is 
recommended, IIIood cllallaterol ~ IS 
available at Student Health Service. No 
appointment needed. 55 fee , 
Tuesday. Feb. 2 
• ~ p.m . - Recrultlnl now for volunteer 
Itudatlt HaIItII ~ (SHA) for 1993-
1994. Allend manClatory orientation session 
8t Student Health lobby. For Info call 534· 
1824 • Health Ed. 

Services & 
Workshops 

Monday-Friday 
. 8 a.m.4 :3O p.m. - SlGI. eompuu ....... 
.....cr- of career information designed to help 
)'OU clarify )'Our skills. values and Interest For 
more Information. come to the Career Services 
Center. S10. (_~) 
. 9 a.m.·S p .m . - W_n·. R __ c.nt.r 
.... CaunMIinC- FeeI like no one understands? 
Women counselors trained by Psych. Services 
available to help wilh crtses or give support and 
referrals for)'OUrnee<ls . Confidential. safe space. 
Walk In or by appointment. LOCaled in the Old 
Student Center Bldg.A. 534·2023. (wee~ly) 
. 1:30-4 p.m. - DRONN ADVISING HOURS -
For help with career goals . job hunting, resume 
prepa-atlon or expiorInC professional or graduate 
school opportun~le • . No appointment neeCIed. 
jusl walk in to the Career Services Center. 
(weekly) 
• MENTOR · GraduaUng this quaner and Jot). 
seekIng? We' II match)'Ou with a professional In 
your r",ld who will get)'Ou staned netwOr1<lng In 
the local job market. Sign up at Career Services. 
(weekly) 

Monday. Feb. 1 
. 1·2: 30p .m.-~~E.tIn& 
- Group for women who diet and blree. Focus 
on oo.elOpingeoplng skills . Leader: EQulllaLUI<e. 
534-3585, and Stephanie EISchen. Call for s ign-
up. 
. 2·3 P.m. - Le. bI. n cay IIIMlual peer 
-..lIre With David. 00 you have a Question 
about your sexuality? 00 you need an 
understanding person to talk to? Drop In & let's 
tafll. lOCaled on 2nd neor of Price Center In peer 
c:ounselinco fflce (next 10 library lour'Ce& Mac's 
Place). Cali 534-3981 for Cletails. (wee"ly) 
• ~:3O p,m, - ~ CIIIIdNn of AIcoIIoIIca 
... ~'-' 0... - A croup 
to explore &rewire up with an alcoholic parent. 
Leader: Jeanne Manese. 53-4-3035. Call for 
s/Cn-UP. 

Tuesday. Feb. 2 
. 9-10 a.m. - RED: R-...Inc fnIm uunc 
DItonIafs - Peer counselors will meet with 
studenls who have concerns about body Imace 
or eatlne habits. A worl<shop will be organized 
based on interest. For Information call 565-
1755. 
. 10-11:30 a .m. - Loaa MIl Meumlnc - A 
group for stUdents who wish 10 explore new ways 
to grieve the death of a loved one. Leader. Robin 
Reed-Spauldlre. 534-0256 . and Ron Lane. 534-
0250. Call for s lgr>up. 
• 12·1 p,m. - lesbian cay blM luai _ 
COUIlMIlre with Steve. Do)'Ou have a question 
aboul your sexuallly? 00 you need an 
underslanding person 10 lalk to? Drop in & leI's 
talk. Loa!led In the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & Library lounge in Price Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 for delails. (weekly) 
. 1·2:30 p.m. - Woman MoIaAed .. Chlldr.n 
- A group for women survivors of childhood/ 
adolescent seJ(ual abuse. Leaders: Miriam 
losupovici. 534-0255. and Jane PM. Call for 
sigrwp. 
• 1·2:30 p.m . - Support Group for Older 
Unda,.,.cluat. and Retumlna StucIanU -
Leader: David Blasband. 534-3987. Call for 
slgrwp. 
• 3-4 p.m. - MlncI/ _ y Connection. -
Becoming more aware of stress . self-defeating 
anltudes and habits and learning relaxation. 
Leader. Beve~y Harju. 534-3755. 
• 4 :306 p.m. -~ Woman'. 
Ther.py Group - A group focuss ing on 
relallonShlps. self eSleem, assertiveness. and 
female klentity . Leader. EQuiliaLuke. 534-3585. 
Call for slgr>up. 
. 6 :306 p, m. - GIIIduIIta o.y/ BlMluat Man'. 
Support Group - A safe, confidential weekly 
group for grad students 10 d iscuss issues about 
sexuality. Led by Matt. Student Cntr. "B" lower 
level coni. room. Call 534-3987 for details . 
(weekly) 

wednesday. Feb. 3 
• 2-4 p.m. - .-MId .-- _ 
drop in peer counsel InC availab le with Nancy. 
Price Center. peer counsellnc offrce. 2nd ncor 
behind Mac' s Place. If you or someone)'Ouknow 
Is havtne trouble with alcohol or drugs. come by 
andtalkwlth us, We can nelp. 534-3035. (weekly) 
• 3·4:30 p.m . - Clllc.no/a, Latlno/ •• 
MIaIcuIIInI ,-,GnIup- A&rouPID discuss 
relationships. familia. parents. economics. self· 
expectations and more. Leader: Dan Munoz. 
534-1579. Revelle Collett' Provo Bldg. 
. 3-4:3O p.m.-Qnduet8Man·.MldW_·. 
Gtoup-AITOUP for graduate students Interested 
In explorina relationshi ps. academic/ 
proresslonal Issue •• and personal concerns. 
Leaders: Miriam Iosupovlcl. 534-0255. and AMn 
Alvarez. Call for slgn.up. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - Adult Chlldlan of AIcoho4Ica 

~ TIIar8py Gtoup - Group therllPl' for 
students who crew up in an alcoholic family 
environment. Leaders: Jeanne Manese, 534-
3035. and Dan Berkow. Call for Interview. 
• ~:3O p.m. - LftIIIan/ "M'UIiI WomatI·. 
Support GIoup - We' re a confidential weekly 
drop-ln ,roup open to all UCSO students . A sale 
& friendly atmosphere where you can openly 
discuss your sexuality. Led by Chell and Lisa. 
Irvine Room. 2nd floor Price Center. Call 534-
3987 for details . (weekly) 
• 6 :J0.8 p.m. - o.y/ 81 ... uaI Men'. Support 
GIoup - We 're a confldenlia l weekly drop-In 
group open to all UCSD students, A safe & 
friendly atmospnere wnere you can discuss )'Our 
sexual Ity. Led by Oavld & Steve. Student Cntr. 
'B' lower level conf. room. Call 534-39B7. 
(weekly) 

Thursday. Feb. 4 
• 2·3 p.m. - I.eaII1an cay blaal ual peer 
-..Ire with Lisa. 00 )'Ou have a Question 
about your sexuality? 00 you need an 
understanding person to lalk to? Drop In & leI's 
talk. located In the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & Library lOuree In Price Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 for Cletalls . (_kly) 
• 2-4 p.m. - AICOIIaI ... I*tance Mwa 
drop In peer counseling avail""e with Arcie . 
PrIce c.nter, _ counsetinc ofllc:e. 2nd ncor 
behind Mac', Place, If you or someone you know 
Is havlre trouble with alcol1ol or drue'. come by 
and talk with us. We can help. 286-3213. 
(weeI<ly) 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 3-4 :30 p.m. - Soclll Skill. Workshop - A 
group focusslre on aevelOping social skills. 
leader: lindsay Calderon. 534-0249. Call lor 
info, 
• 5: 3(} 7 p, m. - Conwnon Ground Support 
Group - Ne )'Ou the friend or lowd one 01 a 
lesbian. gay or bisexual person? 00 )'Ou wanllo 
be supportive but aren' t sure how? Drop In. 
we' re a weekly safe & confidential group that 
addresses your needs. Price Cenler • Berl<eley 
room. Call 534-3987 for more details. 

Friday. Feb. 5 
. 9-10:30a.m.-w..-__ ChIIchn 
- A croup for women survivors of chllClhood/ 
adolescent sexulll abuse. Leaders: BeverlyHarju . 
534-2237.lWld Phil Raphael, ~252. Call for 
slgn-up. 
. 12:30-2 p.m. - P....uI8nCommunltyFonom 
- Drop-in group addressing concerns of Aslan/ 
Pacific Islander sludents . Leaders: Jeanne 
Manese. 534-3035. and AlvIn Alvarez. Mountain 
VIew Lounge. 
• 2-4 p.m. - AIcoIIoI MId SulJatance _ 
Gtoup - Supportive environmenl for discussing 
problems related to alcohol and substance 
abuse. Leader. Oan Munoz. 534·1579. Revelle 
College Prov. Off. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Rae! Thanpy Group - A safe 
atmosphere fOf members to deal with Issues of 
personal sign ificance. Leader: Dan Berl<ow. 534-
1725. 
. 4-6 p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Informal 
group for African-American students. Leader: 
Phil Raphael . 534-0252. Mountain View Lounge. 
• 12·1 p.m. - lesbian cay blMl uil peer 
couIIMlinc wilh Chell. 00 you have a QuestIOn 
about your sexuality? Do you need an 
understand ing person to talk to? Orop In & lers 
Ialk. Located In the peer counseling office (near 
Mac's Place & library lounge In Price Cntr.) Call 
534-3987 for delalls. (weekly) 

Clubs & 
Meetings 

Monday. Feb. 1 
• 5 p .m . - Studant Envlronm. ntal Action 
Coalit ion M • • th" - Get Involved In Earth 
Oay. recycling, an env ironmental newspaper 
and much more. Office 208 Student Center. 
directly abOve Soft Reserves . Everyone Is 
welcome! (wee"'y) 
• 7 p .m . - Aslen Amerlc.n Chrlstlen 
FellOWs h lp meetsln CSBOOI . Panel discussion 
on cuns. Vlsllors welcOme. Prayer meeting S!arts 
at6 p.m. a l SolS 111. 
• 7 p.m. - LGIIA __ MaatIftCIa - Get 
Involved with LGBA • )'Ou'lI make frlenCIs and 
haVe a great Ume hetpll'4l out. Make n )'Our 
buslnessl Meetlrcs are at the WRC. (_kly) 

Tuesday. Feb. 2 
. 12 p.m. - AA MeetInc - Comer of Gilman 
Dr. and Rupenus Way. MMC 202. In large 
conference room. (weekly) 

Wertnesday. Feb. 3 
. 12·1 p.m. - AdUlt CllldNnIll ~(ACA) 
- 12-step crouP meetJrC. Putpose at &roup is 10 
welcome lWld &lYe comfort to chlkren of alcoholics. 
Free. anonymous and confidential. PrIce Center 
Mmin. 2nd floor above Food eo..t irvine Room. 
Everyone welcome. 753-2106. (~ 
• 1·3 p.m . - InI8<actIon meets for lunch to 
Informally discuss on topics oflOdlly; all students 
and faculty are welcome to join . For more info. 
call Chris 558-2103. ( ..... "Iy) 
• 3 p.m. - The R_ c:o...nut.r Acl.tMry 
Board needs people like you. Weekly meetings 
are aI the Rewlle Provost's office.( ...... ~1y) 
• 4 p.m. - ThIrd Col .... T ..... r.R.-f:ntIy 

S~(T1ID)MNtIna-Olscussproblems. 
solutions. questions. and answers abOut Ilelng 
a transfer or r~ntry sludent. (weekly) 
. 4-6 p.m . -All welcome! SUllntAIIImWtIve 
Ac1Ion CommIttM Meeting. Santa Barbara/Los 
Angeles room. PrICe Center. (weekly) 
. 7 p.m. - NetwottIlncWOIIIMopforEncl ...... 
- Come get In touch at the Berkeley room. 
Sponsored by S.W.E. 
. 7 p.m . - UCSD Scuba Club - This monl h 
we will have a speaker on Cave and Nltrox 
Diving. Sumner Aud itorium by the old Scripps 
aquarium. 

Thursday. Feb. 4 
• 5:30 p.m. - W_'. "- Canter 
weakl)' coIlectIv. maatInC In a safe open space 
forwomen . Feminisldlscussionl.empowermenl. 
political act1v15lT1 . social chantt. support and 
education. Come han, out. Let's learn from 
each other. Old Student Center A. 534-2023. 

(wee~"., 
• 7 p.m. - AIp/Ie PIlI 0IMp. UCSO's cCHKI 
service fraternity meets aI MAAC 413-1. ,Help 
)'Our communl\y whlie having fun and meeting 
others. Elleryone Is welcome and encouraged to 
come. (weekly) 

Friday. Feb. 5 
• 7:30-10 a,m. - Come 10 the R .... II. 
eommut.r _ t.t .tthe Revelle Commuter 
Lounge. AlI)'OU can ellt for half a buck . (_~Iy) 

Monday, Februar y 1, 1993 

Illustration by 
Micha Croft 

The WeeklLJ 
Calendar 
• l.0:3O a.m. - Join Third Coli ••• Commuter 
Board and ne lp plan events. Meetings at Third 
College Dean's conference room. 
• 12 p.m. - AA _ lInc - Comer of Gilman 
Or. and Rupenus Way. MMC 202 . In large 
conference room. (weekly) 
. 2 :30 p.m. - NaIl ... American 5_ AIM .... 
(NASA) meets weekly on F~aays al the Grove. 
Come and get Involved! (week"., 

Events & 
Recrea tion 

MonCIay-5aWrday 
• 10 a.m.' 4 p.m. - -_ ArdlItec:tunI: Tho 
5_ at the AIt" - An exhibition of recent worIIs 
by a cIoZen contemporary VielWlse architects to be 
on display at the UCSO School of NcMccwre 
gallery. Building 409. University Cenler. Feb 1·20. 

Monday-Thursday 
. 9 p.m.·2 a.m. - New '-Ie nW!t cofIrM IIouM on 
c.mpus. "Cafe Diana at the Che." Mon-ThJrS .. 
Good music. YurrmybakedgoodS. Spedaltyooffees 
+ teas. ()pen mike ... (wee~ 

Tuesday·Saturday 
• 10 a.m.·5 p.m. (10 a.m.·2p.m. Saturday) -
The works of 16 Vletnamese-American artlsls 
will be shown in "NawTerrt1ory:ThaVlatna_ 
Altlsta Project ......... at the GrO'o'e Gallery. 

Tuesday-Sunday 
• 3-5 p.m. - Three California artists will <liSPIaY 
their WOr1< in an exniOltion tilled "ConcaptuII 
ScuIpture: .. _ ScU" alllle MandevIlle Gallery 
thrOUCh March 7. Artworl< displays 'dlverse 
approact'oes. des~ to elick psychOlogical <J1d 
phySical reactionS from the viewer." 

WeC1nesday-Sunday 
. 8 p.m. Wed . .f~. (Sat. 2 p.rn. & 8 /l.m. . Sun. 7 
p.m. ) - UCSO Theatre presents William 
Shakespeare's ....., II1II ..... The classic 
slory of two young lovers who try 10 corne together 
in a harsh and brutal world. Calf 534-4514 for 
tickets. Mandetl Weiss Forum. $6/students. 

MondBy. Feb. 1 
• 7:30 p.m. - ~ _ rna • J.wIoh, 
LftIIIan, V ....... ChIc:Mn_" - Author JyI 
Lynn Feima'llo perform her shortstories. Discussion 
and bookslgnlrC to follow, PC Thealer. Free. 

TuesdBy. Feb. 2 
• 8 p.rn. - 1ntamIrtIor .. St}Ia RIm Sellae -
Mandeville Mkorium. S5.50/general admission. 

$4/StUClents. For information can 5344090. 
. 8 p.m. - ........,. ... Whea - PrIce Center 
Theater. Repeats 11110:30 p.m. Admission $1. 

Wednesday. Feb. 3 
• 8-10:30 a.m. - w_ CoIIatIa Commuter 

~ - Here Is your chance to meet fellow 
commuter sludents lWld discuss conmuterissues . 
Second floor literature Building conference room. 
AlI)'OU can eat! Only 5O~ 1 (weekly) 
. 12 p.m. - Lundl on the H_ -{;ome out ana 
eat lunch with lGBA. Bring your own fOOd. (weekM 

ThurSday. Feb. 4 
• 6 p.m. - AU you can oat Thursday nig/ll 
supper for $2. Sponsored by the UCSD Catholic 
Community. Come to the University Lutheran 
Church across from the Revelle campus. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m. - "Serllll .. • - Price Center 
Theater. Repeats at 9 and 11:30 p.m. S2/ 
general admission. Sl/ advance fee. 
• 10 p.m. - Poetry NICIrt at Cafe Ole"" althe 
CM. 8ring your own writings. listen 10 others or 
do both. (weekly) 

Friday. Feb. 5 
• 7 p.m. - CWO Polhlcll FIlm Serles-
Room 107, Solis Hall. Third COllege. For 
InlormaliOn call 534--4873. 
.8 p.m.- So4rwIor Music L-s-Violnist 
Janos Negyesy and Colleagues • Musk: from !he 
18th and 19th centuries. S7JgeneraI admfssion. 
$5/fawIIy. SIIIft. AIdeoIs, Recitaf Hal. 

. 8:30 p.m.· ' a.m . - KASAlCSA V.lenllne·. 
Seml-Formal - 'A Whole New Wo~d" allhe 
Doublelree. Honon Plaza, Tici<els $17 pre·sale. 
$20 al door. For lickels . inlocall Linn, 587·2707 
or Cheryl. 453· 2320. 

Sarurday. Feb. 6 
. 8 a.m. - Gray Whale Campln& Expedltlon -
An overland ano camping Irlp In 5an Ignacio 

Lagoon. Baja. Mexico . Continues through Feb. 
10. Fee Is 51.419. Advance reversatoons are 
required. For information call 534-8665 . 
. 9 ana 11:30 a.m . - _ WIItCI1IrC CNae -
TWOl1our naturallSl-namlIed cruise 10 observe 

~i'll ~at whales off the san Diego coastline. 
S15/admission. f>Cvart:lJ reseMJllons are required. 
For~orinlbrmatloncailSeaforlhSponfishIrC 
at 224-1161 ma ask for 'Scrlpps CnJise." 
• 2 p.m. - Tldepooll"1I for Tou - False POlOt 
in La Jolla. S10 lee lor adults. S6/chlldren ages 
7·13. Advance reservalions are required. For 
informalion call 534-8665. 
. Sp.m.-M8nIG __ I- TwoofthebanOs 
that h<M! become synonymous with the Lousllana 
sound are Michael Doucet's music ensemble. 
'Beausoleil: lWld the street jazz music of the 
"ReBirth Brass Band." The two groups will appear 
In the Price Center Ballroom. U5/general 
admission. S13/senior citizens . 510/students. 
. 8 p.m. - Korean Cultur.1 F .. llval - Korean 
Pop Orchestra and Modem Music. Mandeville 
Aud. The 55 memller Seoul Pop Orchestra. along 
with Korea' s most respected vocalists and pop 
musicians. will present Korean music alliS best. 
520/general admission . $15/senior citizens . 
S15/students. For more info. call 534-7624. 

Sunday. FeO. 7 
. 9 ma 11:30 a.m. - _ WIItCI1IrC CNae -
TWOflour natur.lUst-narrated cruise to observe 

~ ~at whaleS oflthe San Diego coastline. 
$15/acrnissJon. ~ resefV3llons are Jl!QlNed. 
For~orinlbrmatloncanSeaforlhSportfishIrC 
at 224-1161 and ask lor 'Scripps Cruise. ' 
. 2 p.m. - TldepooIlre for Tots - False Point 
In La Jolla. 510 fee for adults. 56/ children ages 
7· 13. f>Cvance reservations are required. For 
information call 534-8665. 
. 3p.m. - Two INa tours oftha UCSO .......... 
are offered this fall by the UCSDVisiiors Program. 
The bus tours are the firsl and third Sundays of 
each month from the Gilman Information Pavilion. 
The walking lours are on altemale Sundays from 
the Gilman Infonnatlon Pavilion. Reservations : 
call 5344414. (wee~1y) 
• 5 p.m. - Sanpm presents a leClure-
demonstration on 8harat anafyam by Tayanlhi 
Balacnandran with live orcheslra . Reception to 
fOllOW. Free for UCSD stuaems. WlH 2005. 

Religious 
Events 

TuestJay, FeD. 2 
• 12,1 p.m. - Bible Study - Proce Center. 
Sanla Barbara Room. 

wednestJay. Feb. 3 
• 6 p. m. - Supper ancl fellowship sponsored by 
Lutheran Campus MInistry. Open to all. 
• 7 p.m. - ·StreSMCI Out· - Bible study led by 
studenls of lhe Lutheran Community at UCSD, 
Dpen to all. 

Friday. Feb. 5 
• 12 p.m. - Islamic FrId.y Pr.yer In the Price 
Cenler. For more info. call Yusuf at 450-4681. 
(weekly) 

SunCIay. Feb. 7 
• 10:15 a.m. - Communion service led by 
Campus Pastor JOM Huller .. preceded by _ 
.-yon .. , 1101 ___ at 9 :15 a.m. 
. 10:3Oa.m.·12p.m. - UJ .... s Student C/II11IlaIIn 
will be havtng a INa cat_ brUnch thai will 
InClude tralnlnl for our student campeiln Feb. 1· 
4 . Cailihe UJS notline 534-0255 for more info. 



CONGRATULATIONS TO NEW 
ALPHA KAPPA PSI 

J ohn Al\'a rez MEMBERS Tina Lo u 
Kerri Ca rter 
K ale Derham 
J e l/n ije r Gilm ore 
R a lph Ho 
C hi -H all HUll g 
Julia Lapis 

Nga ll L e 
Jerry Lu 

Dean Palm er 
Nathall S il vermall 

Fil ippo Loddo 
Michele Wes tberg 

MeAT and Medical School 
Information Seminar 

Freshman. Sophomore, Junior? TIl is seminar prov ides Ihe essent ia ls YOU 
need 10 successfully enter medical school! 
Praclical infonnalioll and malerials wi ll help you wi lh: 

• Admissions Process • Imcrviewing Skil ls 
• AMCAS Applicalion • MCAT Prcpar.lI ion 
Included: Full Mock M AT. with Detailed Analysis 

February IJ & 14, 1993.8 a. I1I.·S p.m. February 20 & 21, 1993,8 a.m.-S p.m. 
Pacific Chrislian College Occidenlal (;ollege 
2500 E. 'ul ... ood Altnue 1600 ampus Rd .. Johnson lI all 

Fullerton, CA Los Angele:o. CA 

$140.00 pre.registration • $160.00 at the door 
MeA A T 

Medical Careers Advanceme nt And Training 

4500 Campus Drive • Suite 225 • Newport Beach • CA 92660 
'--____ (714)476-3027 • FAX (714)476-6286 ____ -J 

Congratulations 
to the newly ini tia ted 

Kapp a Kappa Gamm as 
Megan Blix 

aBe n Brenner 
Peri Doshi 
Jenni fer Down 
Suzanne rnaga 
Katrina r ay 
I leather Haas 
Ma rgare t Lang 
Carrie Mc Kelligon 
lana al ua i 
lana 1 i k r on 

I gan Ow n 

Ellen Reid 
Alison Robbins 
Elizabeth Schack 

- A llison Stan field 
Whitney Tomlinson 
Juliet Torre 
Marci aJero 
Sarah Yeomans 

uzi Zipf 
Jill Zook 
Te r sa Zuni ga 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
EXlcndcd ofl Lenses 

Il&L Suf' SPill IkL IOJ 

$159 $179 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

.'i,'iX.'i Clatrcl110nl MC'J Blvd. 

Complete 
Baby bluc. hazel & 
emerald. green 

• Prof • •• lon. 1 S. ry ic. 
• Qu.Ul y Eyec.r. 
• A ••• o n.bl . Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

39.~ Adam_ ve . 

The UC D Guardian 

UCSDAlmost 
Goes To Sleep 
MEN'S BASKE'IU' I • Tritons hold off Hawks, 91-85 
By Greg Wrem 
Sports Editor 

II was the one thal almost gO! 
away.TheUCSO men , basketbalileam 
jumpedall overOuistian Heritage early 
on in its game Friday night, building up 
a 25-point lead midway through the 
second half. BUI thalleadquickJyevapo-
rated and the T rilon stuter1l, who thought 
they had earned an early rest, had to 
come bock in to hold off the Hawks for 
a 91-85 win. 

UCSO jumped out to an eighl-point 
lead before Christian Heritage' Tobin 
Willianls hil a three·pointer to put the 
Hawks on the scoreboard almost four 
and a half minules into the game. 

The Trilons' early offense consiSied 
of penetralion underneath the hoop 
where UCSD was able to conven on 
play like Chris Moore' rebound and 
put back al lhe ix minute mark. Moore 
was fou ledontheshotand made the free 

John Spence shoots over a Hawk. 

half. Andy Swindall stepped in front of 
an errant Christian Herirage pass for lhe 
steal. Swindall fed to Rodney Lusain 
who found Spence running down the 
righl lane. Spence finished the play off 
with a ringing dunk tOpul the Tritons up 

throw to give UCSD a 13-5 
.............. by 18. 

lead. 
The Tritons in re.'ISed lhe 

lead to 12 points five and a 
halfmin ut later when Brnd 
Halte gO! lhe ball on Ihe low 
post Halle lost control of the 
ball , regained il and launched 
a lumaround seven·footer. 
The shO! was perfect, and pul 
the Tritons ahead. 25-13. 

But things staned going 
the other way for UCSD. The 
Tritons' second team was nO! 
up to the lask of keeping the 
lead that the main group had 
e tablished. The Hawks' 
~~-4 Quentin Pitts, who had man-

Kareem Manhews got 
UCSD started on an II.{) run 
with seven minutes to play in 
the first half when he drove the baseline 
and was fouled. Manhews made both 
the free throws and the Tritons were up 
30-20. 

Chris Moore finished up the Triton 
run by nailing threeSlraight three-point-
ers in two minutes, the laSt one giving 
UCSD its biggest lead of the half. 4 1·20. 

Jolm Spence's three-pointer ended 
the half, taking the Tritons into the 
locker room with a 46-30 lead. 

Spence started lhings off for UCSD 
as well. Twenty seconds inlo the second 

BLOWOUT 
Continued from page 16 
was called back, negrued because of 
tupidity, because he never scored. As 

Len rambled pasl the IO-yard line, he 
raised his arm in celebration. holding 
the ball in one hand like a loaf of 
bread Buffalo receiver Don Beebe 
snipped the ball from Len ru the goal 
line, causing a touchback that denied 
Ihe Cowboys of a Super Bowl record 
59-point game. 

The Bills scored only twice, so 
their opportunities for some end zone 
disco were Iimiled Buffalo could 
only musler the thrilling. super-
charged Don Beebe "kneel in prayer" 

Jesus Christ 
is Lord! 

aged only three points in the 
first half. woke up and poW'ed 
in 20 in the second as he led 
the Ouistian Heritage come-
back. Pitts' steal and layup 
wilh 1:28 to play closed the 

gap 10 84-79. Sixteen seconds later, Pitts 
sank a three-pointer while nearly hori-
zonral to make the score 86-82. 

BUI Lusain made three free throws 
in the fmal 24 seconds to help keep the 
Tritons on top for the narrow victory. 

"OW' second group just wasn't tak-
ing things seriously," UCSO Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said. Players like 
[Chris Ressa) and [Nate Hanlgin) did 
some good Ih.ing ,but otherwise we just 
didn't take care of business. We won, 
but we can't afford 10 hold their hands." 

routine. undoubtedly choreographed 
by Paula Abdul. Who says the Nfl. 
lacks personality? 

Are yOil the 
next Scott 
Ostler? 

Prove it. Write for the 
Guardian spons section. 
Call 534-6582 for more 
infonnation or come by 
oure office. 

Monday, February 1, 1993 

Women 
Rebound 
From Loss 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women 's basketball 
team split two games in Ihree days, 
losing at home on Thur.>day to Ouist 
College Irvine, 74-48, before defeating 
Pomona Pitzer, 55-50 in a road match 
Saturdaynighl. 

In Thur.>day night's action, the NAlA 
Eagles imply overwhelmed the Tri-
Ions. UCSO trailed 32·31 with 2;16 
remaining in the firsl half. Christ 
College 's tough. pressing defense tumcd 
the game into a rout, smothering the 
Tritons on almost every possession. By 
halftime, the Eagies led 41-32 Midway 
through the second half, CCI (184) was 
in control, enjoying a comfonable 21-
point lead, 59-38. 

The Eagles continued to pull away, 
increasing their lead to 30 points. 7444, 
with ~:30 remaining. "They're a very 
strong learn. We gave it our best effort 
on defense. but they were just on a 
higher level. a level we need to play at if 
we want to be in the NCAAs," said 
UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone. 

Sophomore guard Sam Mease led 
the Trilons with 10 points and six as-
sists. Seniorcenter Eric.,Scholl, hounded 
by double and triple leams all night. was 
held to 6 points and 9 rebounds, while 
freshman guard Valerie Ryan added 8 
points in UCSD's losing effort. 

The Trilons snapped a two-game 
losing streak wilh their road victory 
against PomonaPitzeron Saturday nighL 
After some poor first -half shoocing, the 
Trilons began to fmd the range, as Mease 
keyed UCSO's outside game wilh 13 
points. Scholl, fighting off the Pomona 
Pitzer triple-team defense, managed to 
score 16 points and grab 17 rebounds as 
UCSD improved to 10-9. Malone was 
pleased wilh the improving Triton de-
fel\'ie, as UCSD limited the Sagehens to 
just 50 points. "We played a pretty good 
game. Our defense pretty much over-
whelmed them in the second half," 
Malone said. 

SWIMMING 
Continued from pace 16 
Cafferata in the one-meter 257.78 
before moving on to the three-meter. 
Jackson nailed her second dive. a 
two-and-a-half pike, for scores of7.5 
and 8 on her way to an easy 281 .85-
185.25 victory over Cafferata. 

Anolher rookie swimmer, Dustin 
Matthew, provided the women with 
whal Doug Boyd called "the swim of 
the meet. " The Triton batt led 
Kenyon's Jennifer Carter in the 200· 
yard breaststroke when Carter started 
to pull away on the third lap. Manhew 
fought back and drew even before 
being inched out 2:26.89 to 2:27.02. 

The men 's team used it's sprinlers 
10 keep the meet close. Gabe Speyer 
won Ihe 50-yard freeslyle in 21.66 
seconds, ahead of second-place learn-
mate John Flowers. Flowers and 
Speyer traded places in the 1000yard 
free. with Flowers winning in 47.2. 

"Everybody lumed in good times, 
but we were mo dy concentrating on 
enjoying our elves;' Flowers said. 

Travis Miller was a double winner 
for UCSD. triumphing in both the 
200-yard backstroke and the 200-yard 
indi vidual medley. In addition, Miller 
anchored the Tritons' victorious 400-
free tyle relay team which harKJed the 
Lords a 3:08.59-3: 10.0 loss. 

"I'm proud of the girls. but the 
guy also wam well. We wrecked 
them up in the sprints." Boyd sa id. 

Monday, February 1, 1993 T he UCSD G uardian 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 

NEED HELP? TRY THE STUDENT ADVOCATE 
The Student Advocate Office works to promote 

tudent ri ghts by working directly with undergraduale 
and facuhy. The office provides services for grade 
appeals. administrative problems. hara smem. discrimi-
nation, financial aid and other tudent issue . 

!11 l I 

Sludems who feel Iheir rights have been violated may 
turn to the advocales to ass ist in dealing wi th the adminis tration. The 
advocate and assistams will act as liaisons bel ween the Sludenl and 
the administration. The offi ce is there to protect the interests of 

'r 
' .. 

ludents, and all case are completely confidential. 
" , 

! . 
J ' 
" 

" ~J 

---

If you have a concern, complaint , or queslion about your rights 
as a students, come to the Siudent Advocate Office, localed on Ihe 
third floor of Ihe Price Center, or call us Iwenty-four hours a day by 
calling 534-0476. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in 
the Student Leadership Cham-
bers, Price Center, Third Floor. 
Come and get involved!! 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS BOARD 
New positions available for 
Academic Affairs Board. Posi-
tions involve research, lobbying, 
working with administration 
regarding grading 

PERFORMANCE OF AsiAN-
AMERICAN JAZZ ENSEMBLE 
The Asian & Pacific Islander 
Student Alliance and Interna-
tional House present Asian 
American jazz artist Glenn 
Horiuchi and Francis Wono on 
Wed., Feb. 3 at Pepper Canyon 
Lodge. Admission is free. For 
more information , call APSA 
office at 534-2048. 

policies, P/NP, major 
requirements , etc . .. . 
No experience neces-
sary, only enthusiasm 
a plus. Apply now with 
the A.S. secretary, 
Th ird Floor, Price Ctr. 

PUB SHOW 
WITH BLACKSMITH UNION 

AITENTION STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS 

TICKETS $5 IN ADVANCE, $7 DAY OF SHOW 
TICKET SALES BEGIN MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1 

18 & UP, OR COLLEGE ID 

If you 're interested in having a 
booth at this year's Sun God 
Festival, fill out the info sheet 
that is in your box. For more 
information , contact Cecelia at 
534-4450. Booths wi ll be 
distributed on a first come, first 
served basis. 

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF CIVIL 
ENGINEERS MEETING 
The American Society of Civil 
Engineers is having a general 
meeting on Feb. 2 at 6 p.m. in 
the Davis-Riverside room. The 
speaker will be Boyle Engineer· 
ing. Free pizza and drinks. 

ARMENIAN STUDENT AssOCIATION 
MEETING 
Come hang out with the mem-
bers of the Armenian Student 
Association on Thursday, Feb . 4 
at 6 :30 p.m. at Round Table 
Pizza in the Price Center. 

FIFTH COUEGE SENIORS 
Fifth COllege wants you! Position 
for Fifth College Senior Senator 
available. Applications available 
at Fifth College office and are 
due by Mon., Feb. 8 . 

DEMONSTRATION OF INDIAN 
CLASSICAL DANCE 
SANGAM , the Asian-Indian club, 
present Bharata Nat yam lec-
ture/ demonstrat ion on Feb . 7 
from 5-7 p.m. at WLH 2005. 
The event is free and open to all 
students . A reception will follow. 
For more information, call 
Sandhya at 558-8103 or Raj ina 
at 552-1144. 

HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN 
BOSNIA, SOMAUA, ALGERIA 
The Muslim Student Association 
presents "Genocide in Bosn ia" 
on Thurs. , Feb . 18, at 7 p.m. in 
the Price Center Ballroom. They 
will have an eyewitness video 
and speaker. 

STUDENT ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION 
COMMIITEE 
SEAC meets every Monday at 5 
p.m. in their office located 
directly above Soft Reserves. Be 
apart of biodiversity, recycling or 
the Earth Day Committee. 

LATE NIGHT COFFEE HOUSE 
Cafe Diana at the Che offers 
art, poetry, music and games 
from 9 p.m. to 2 a.m. every 
Monday through Thursday. 

FIFTH COLLEGE 
COMMUTER BREAKFAST 
Free breakfast for commuters 
every Wednesday, 8-11 a.m. in 
the MMC 412 Commuter 
Lounge. 

KASA/ CSA SEMI-FORMAL 
U A Whole New Wo rld " 
KASA/ CSA semi-formal will be 
Fri., Feb. 5, 8 :30 p.m. - 1 :30 
a.m. at the Doubletree Hotel, 
Horton Plaza. Tickets are $17 in 
advance, $20 at the door. Buy 
your tickets soon from KASA or 
CSA officers. For more informa-
t ion, call Linn at 587-2707 or 
Cheryl at 453-2320. 

SETTING THE PACE 
Third College Firs t Annual 
5K Run, Walk and Roll 
Scholarship fund raiser is 
Saturaday, February 20. Regis-
tration begins 8:30 a.m. and 
the event starts at 10 a.m. at 
Third College. Entry fees are 
$15 prior to race day, $10 for 
students with ID and $17 the 
day of race. For more informa-
t ion , call the Third COllege 
Dean's office at 534-4390. 

SURF CLUB MEETING 
The UCSD Surf Club is 
having a meeting on Thursday, 
February 4, at 7 p.m. in AP&M 
2113. New members welcome 
to help plan the semi-formal 
and Winter Contest. 

YEARBOOK CLUB PHOTOS 
Clubs and other student organi-
zations, have your group photo 
taken by a profeSSional , FREE! 
February 9, 6-8 p.m., Price 
Center Gallery A. Buy a personal 
ad for as low as $20. For more 
information, call 534-7491. 

VALENTINE'S RAFFLE 
The Second Annual Chi 
Omega Valentin e 's Raffle 
will be at the Price Center Plaza 
on Fri. , Feb. 12, from 12-1 p.m. 
Buy a raffle ticket for only $1 
from any Chi Omega. Need not 
be present to win. All proceeds 
will be donated to Vital Options. 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
We need a theme! Drop off 
ideas on the th ird f loor, Price 
Center, and you could win a 
$50 gift certificate. 

II 

Thursday Movie 

A~AfINA! 

6 : 3 () 
PRICE ~~: 

..... 

FEB. 4TH 
sp"m"l'td Ii)' ASU 'sn P('I)l-:l'OImminl-: and 

till' Afl'irall ,\ lIIl'1'ira ll Studt'nl nillll 

friday, february 5 
DEL THA fUNKEe hOMOSAPiEN 

and 
THE 

free 
free 
free 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
WE'VE MOVED! 

The Volunteer Conneclion is now Localed on 
the second floor of Ihe Price Center! Our phone 
number is still 534-14 14 so SlOP by or call for 
infonnation on how you can volunteer in Ihe San 
Diego communi ty. 

Plann ing for "Hands On San Diego" is begin-
ning! Th is is a community service awareness 
event that lakes a 101 of preparation. There are six 
positions available: Director of Promotions/pub-
licily, Direclor of Sponsors/Donations, Director 
of Entertainment/Decorations, Participant Re-
crui ter, Director of Operations/Logistics, and 
Historian. If you are in teresled, call Sushi at Ihe 
office for more infomlation. 

Hunger and homele sness in loday 's world is 
a reality. Help all eviate these problems by partici-
pating in Hunger Awareness Day, February 27. 
Great group activi lY! For more infonnation .ask 
for Molly or stop by the office. 

A.S. Newsflashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise in the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary 's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 



L2 CLASSIFIED 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911 . (1/4-613) 

Attention engineering Majorsl App1ica-
tion dedle ~ sumer ntemships v.;tJ 
HP em NCR Is Friday, FebnJafy 19th. 
Pick ~ appicaioIlS at the A.S. Intem-
ship 0!Ice. 2nd floor, P.C .. Room 2.XI6. 
534-4689. (1 /25-211 ) 

VoUlteer at A.S. Int~ 0Ifial1 Gan 
interpersonal skils, make busfiess con-
lads. team about resu~ and InteMew 
processes. Volunteers need only con· 
lrbAe 3 tvsfMc.. 2nd floor, PIice CerW, 
Room 2.306. 534-4689. (1/25-211) 

Recruiting 1993·94 Volunteer Student 
Health Advocatesl AIIend one ~ 
tory orientation: Last one Is Tues. Feb. 
2, 1993, 5-6 p.m., at Student Heatth 
Service lobby. Info 534-1824. (211) 

These 
advertiser make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 
Fairma,,"s ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488·1 134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ's Pizza ........ ............ 455·0662 
Domlno's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578-7892 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ....... ............ 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Roben·s ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR Ie BEAUTY 
Young Anitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH Ie RTNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534·4279 
Being Flt ...................... .483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535-1379 
Trim & Tan ................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Balsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558·3490 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC Ie VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal C<?py ...................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy .................. 457·1007 
Kinko's ........................ .457-3775 
In & Out Repro ............. 546·0088 
UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearning ............... 455·1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 
Princelon Review ...... ... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC, 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Name of the Game (ComICs) 274·GAME 
St. Germain's ............... 455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 1, 1993 

t ~=--JASSIFIEDS 
WANTED: ~ Helper, part-time. 
W .... and aftemooI •. c.II 454-

WANTED 
Female babysitter wanted to watch 
two chldren under seven. Must have 
own car. Up to 10 hours per weell. 
Pay negotiable. References 
preferred. Close to campus. 457-

Classified advertising is sold in is-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $i for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and stafj. and $4 for others. PaymenJ in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable tO 'THE 
UCSD Guardian) or presenled in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. 'The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Atm:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

0535 . (1/28-2/4) 

PAID sperm donors sought for 
infertile caucasian couple. Must be 
in excellent health. Confidential. 528-
4020. (2/1-2/18) 

FOR SALE 

PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE PRO-
GRAM. University of Professional 
Studies . State licensed MFCC or 
PSYCHOLOGIST. Scholarships 
Available . 563-1008. (2/1) 

Fifth College Seniors!!1 Apply now 
for Fifth College Senatorl Applica-
tions at Dean's office - Due 218/93. 
(2 / 1- 2 / 8) 

FRATERNITIES & clubs: Raise money 
selling San Diego Swimsuil Calen-
dars on campus . Call Mark 270-
6663 . (2 /1) 

Cake Decorating Monday evenings. 
Six week course fO( $65. Held in La 
Jolla ; call 535·0914 . (2/ 1-214) 

EMPLOYMENT 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIP. Gain marketing, sales, 
customer service, production, 
accounting with the longest proven 
track record. We guarantee $2,500 in 
compensation with vasl opportun ity 
for more. Call Student Works Painting 
(formerly Siudent Painters) . 1-800-
394-6000. Umited positions available. 
( 1/4 ·2 / 8 ) 

EARN $500-$1 ,000 weekly 
stuff ing envelopes. for details -
RUSH $1 with SASE to : GROUP 

FIVE, 57 Greentree Drive. Suite 307, 
Dover, DE t9901. (1/4-2/16) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIPS. 
Most positions filled by Feb. Gain val. 
ellp . managing 6-8 employees. 
customers, and suppliers. Avg. earnings 
6·16,000+. Call ·University Painting 
Pros: Info/appl. CALL 800·525-5877. 
(117-3/29) 

EXCELLENT EXTRA INCOME 
NOWI ENVELOPE STUFFING -
$600 - $800 every week - Free 
Delails : SASE to International Inc. 
1356 Coney Island Ave . Brooklyn , 
New York 11230. (1/7- 2/18) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
$2.()()()+/month + world travel (Hawaii, 
Mexico. the Caribbean. etc.) Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No experience necessary. 
For employment program call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C5976 . (1/25·2/11 ) 

GREEKS &0 CLUBS $1,000 AN 
HOUR! Each member of your frat , 
sorority, team, dlb, elc. pitl1es in just 
one hour and your group can raise 
$1 ,000 il just a few days I PkJs a chance 
10 earn $1,000 for yourselfl No 
cost. No obligation . 1-800·932-
0528, ext. 65. (1 /21-2/18) 

PIT Convention Industry Sales Intem. 
Mac elCp8riencelslrong communication 
skiDs desired. Ideal for SO 0( J R with 
desire for advancement into sales 
position upon graduation. $5.50Ihr. 
Jennifer 457·9882. (1 /25·214) 

BEING-FIT IS HIRING experienced 
aerobic teachers. All hours available. 
Call 483-9294 . (1/28-2/8) 

Part time Lab Assistant with 
electronics, instru mentation and 
computer skills. Upper level or grad. 
541 -3085. (2/ 1) 

WANTED : Preschool teacher aid 
for Encinitas Home Preschool. 
Requirements : loving , positive, 
energetic. 943-0240 alter 6 p .m. 
(2 / 1 ) 

SUMMER Jobs at Camp Tawonga 
near Yosemite. Variety of jobs, nice 
people , Jewish Community Camp. 
On campus 2/16/93 interviewing. 
Call 543-4500 . (2/ 1 -2/8) 

DO YOU GET CARDED AT BARS? 
Federal Research Project needs 
females aged 21+ WHO LOOK 18. 
Work 3-4 Fri. and Sal. nights btwn 6 
p.m. & midnight in Feb/Mar only . 
Need val id drivers l icense. must 
travel to Oceanside and Orange CA. 
$7 .50/hr. + bonus at completion . 
Call Beth on Feb. 1 st, 2nd, or 3rd . 
btwn 9 :00 a.m.-5 :00 p.m, at 475-
0485. EOE/AA (211) 

Pari-time sales people needed for 
namebrand factory outlet store . 
Flexible hours, near campus . 
Customer service, sales. Apply in 
person betw. 11-7 at Apparel Zone, 
8250 Camino Santa Fe - Ste I. 450-
3323 . (2 /1) 

Part time Ass!. Manager needed for 
namebrand factory oull et clothing 
store. Retail experience necessary. 
Assl. Mgr experience heJpful. Please 
apply in person between 11-7 at 
Apparel Zone, 8250 Camino Sanla 
Fe - Ste . I. 450-3323 (2/1) 

Models needed to sell & appear in 
San Diego Swimsuit Calendar. Call 
Mark 270-6663 . (2 /1) 

Wanted : Umpires for La Jolla Utile 
League . Good pay, outdoors , 
relatively easy. Starts spring quarter. 
For more info, call Bryan, 491-2768. 
(2 / 1- 2 / 18) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, cal 587-7911 . (1 /4-613) 

BARSAN, RICHARD E, DDS 
La Jolla 

UTe 
Pacific Beach 

Board Certified Oral and 
Maxillofacial Surgeon 

Implants 

Corrective Jaw Surgery 

Wisdom Teeth and General Anesthesia 

1 00/0 DISCOUNT for UCSD students 
470 Nautilus, Suite 212, La Jolla .... .. .. 459-5565 

VOICE/ACTING FOR SINGERS/AC-
TORS - 42 years, all levels/styles. 
NY city opera, musicals, top clubs, 
commercials . On a mike/camera 
voice-over. Special fee : voice & pi-
ano, organ, guitar. Michael Bondon 
598-5223 . (1/7-2/1) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning. 
On campus and affordable. Call Mike 
622-1147. (1114-3/11) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near 51. Germain·s . 452-9949. (1/ 
19-6/3) 

Need typIng/Word processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. 
I will also do edillng If needed or 
wanted. Call Carol 481 ·6364 eve-
nings. (1/19-3 /11) 

LOSE WEIGHT SAFEL YI Personal Fit-
ness Training + Nutritional Counsel-
ing. Save 20% until Feb. 28th. Call 
now 497-3282. (1 / 25-2/ 4) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JET! 
Europe - $249. HawaII - $129. 
New York - $129. Get your 
program description . AIRHITCH (r) 
800-397-1098 . (1 /25 -2/18) 

KARATE + SELF DEFENSE PRI-
VA TE TUTOR - Learn practical + 
effective self defense techniques ; 
Increase safety , confidence + co-
ordination; Qualified Blackbelt In-
structor; Private lessons in your own 
home . Call Martin 458-5929. (1 1 
25 -2 / 4) 

PROFESSIONAL. legitimate , massage 
therapist offering special student 
discount; within waliking distance. 
Call SUSAN 453-0622. (1 /28-2/1) 

AVON Products - Tolal skin care, 
makeup, sunscreen, bathl personal 
care products. On campus service. 
272- 1021 . (2/1) 

TUTOR EXTRAORDINAIRE. English, 
ESL, others. Test preparations, pa-
pers , typing, book outlines. Reason-
able rates . Karl 670-8992. (2/1) 
VVORD PROCESSING-papers, resumes, 
etc. Proofreadlspellcheck. Laser print-
ing. From 51.50/page. Sharon 481-
7604 evenings . (211-214) 

LA JOLLA TAN - Attention UCSD 
Students II La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from 
UCSD in the Renaissance Ctr. near 
Rubios Fish T aces. GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL - 2 PEOPLE TAN FOR THE 
PRICE OF 11 See our ad in this issue 
or call 622-1122. Tha's LA JOLLA 
TAN . (2/1-2/16) 

Twin mattress set $65. Dinette set 
$150. Sofa & Ioveseat $200. Futon 
& frame 575. Can deliver 576-8244. 
(1/7 -2/1) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER with 20 
megabyte hard drive , printer , all 
utilities and manuals, Macpaint, 
Hypercard, Microsoft Word and other 
programs . In excellent condition. 
$850 o.b .o . Call Chris 278-1977 
(leave message). (1/19·2/1) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats. 4 
wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 
1-800-436-4363 ext . C-7556. (11 
19 -2/11) 

86 Must. 4 cyI AT, PBIPS, AC Casso 
Stereo, runs weU 81K. Needs minor 
body/eng. work. Must sell now. 
$15001 o .b .o . 625-0726 . (1/25-
2 / 1 ) 

Waterbed w/ bkcase hdbrd, heater, 
1 set used sheets . $80 o.b.o . Call 
Jane 571-7118. (1/28-2/1) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. Do com-
puter homework at home I 5157. Plug 
in and go. 554-0414. (211 -3/11) 

PUPPIES, Whippet, AKC, two males, 5 
mo. Excellent Show Quality. All shots. 
$250 . 789-4842. (1/28·211) 

Snowboard - Burton Air 6 Freestyle. 
$325 o.b.o. Call Lawton: 622-1978. 
(1/28-2 / 1) 

FOR SALE: Imagewriter printer, 2 
yrs old. Rarely used. Perfect condi-
tion . Color and Appletalk ready. Need 
to sell - $190.00 or best offer. 
Eves ... 625-0488. (1 /28 -2/4) 

MACINTOSH SE: 1MB RAM, 40MB 
harddrive, 1200 modem , keyboard, 
mouse, antiglare, software, $550. 
Carl 625-7990. (1 / 28-2/4) 

1988 MERCURY TRACER, 2-door, 
blue, 55,000 mi. Runs great, asking 
$2,800, 5-speed. After 7 p.m. 538-
1165 (1/28-2/1) 

MACINTOSH SE 4MB RAM 20MB Ext. 
HD. Two 800K floppies. Keyboard! 
mouse. A good beginner's system 
for word processing or basic tele-
communication. $575, or best of-
fer. 587-8010. (1128-211) 

SNAKES: Captive born (12126/92) 
Colombian boas. Nice markings. 
Great eaters. Enjoy being held. $125 
each . 274-5564 . (2/1-2/11) 

CHEAPI Queen size futon bed $90+, 
file catnd $25, moving out of c0un-
try. Kara 450-6720. (2/1·2/4) 

HOME FOR SALE 
SPECIAL INTEREST 
FACULTY MEMBERS 

Ideal home for the family that needs space ... 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths and two large yards ... finest 

remodel in University City ... best of everything 
used and no expense spared to portray elegance 

and luxury ... near UCSD, shops and 
freeways ... excellent price--only $419,000. 

Call Nathan Levy 459-3851, Coldwell Banker. 

MOlllluy. F.'b'·IIU1·Y I , 1993 

'85 Toyota MR-2. 89K very depend-
able, runs great! Moving away. Kara 
450-6720 , $3.250 o.b .o . (2/ 1-21 
4 ) 

2 pro wom ens downhill skis . 1 pro 
wi th bindings. 1 pr. women's down-
hill boots 5 1/2. Boys 7 speed 
mtn . bike. Best offer 271-4502 . 
( 2 / 1 ) 

Black Lightning Rollerblades. B 1/2 
men (9- 10 womens) with 
wristguards , good condition. $120 
o .b .o . liz 625 -0954. (211 -2/8) 

386SX IBM compatible computer , 
VGA monitor, 80 mega mem., 25 
megahz speed , $900 - best offer . 
Michelle 474-5890 . (2/ 1) 

Ski Snow Summit - Lift ticket Sat. 
Feb. 6. Don't wait until it sells oul. 
Bill 558 ·0730 . (211-2/4) 

HP 285 calculator. Does integrals , 
derivatives, matrices, graphs. Great 
for Malh & Physics. $80. Ivan 558-
2467 . (2/1-2 /4) 

'78 Toyola Celica - beige , runs good. 
$500 o.b.o . Evenings 552 -1037 . 
(2 / 1 - 2 /4) 

MAZDA GLC '84 2 door, 4 speed . 
Runs. looks xlnt. $1200/ besl. Call 
Andrew 534-8886 or 453 -9390 . 
(2 / 1 - 2 /4) 

Lance Mnt. Skateboard. $15. Good 
condition. Call Brendon at 622-9096. 
(2 / 1 ) 

HOUSING 
Own room . $250/month . In 
Clairemonl. Big living room and fire-
place . 114 utilities. Call Karen 541 -
2073 . (1 /14-2/ 16) 

ROOMMATE WANTED : M or F , 
Trieste , spacious upstairs loft avail-
able, furnished if nec., 1/3 cheap 
utilities , share apt. wi 1 M + 1 F . 
$245 through 6/ 15 . Mike @ 558-
7535 (eve) or 457-4200 M-F 12· 
5 . (1 / 19·2/ 1) 
Room to rent UCSD area. $5751 
month. Penthouse apt. with own 
bathroom. Big living space with fire-
place , vaulted ceilings . Willing 10 
have two roommates share room . 
Call Megan 546-3989. Room is avail· 
able ASAP . (1 /25 -2/1) 

TWO large rooms , house, 5 min. to 
UCSD. $320 -$340 .. 1/3 utilities . 
Call 625·0772. (1 /25 · 2/ 1) 

Single room wi 112 bath. La Jolla 
Blvd ., 2 blocks from Wind & Sea 
Beach . ocean view. $350/monlh , 
laundry, cable. A.S,A.P. 551 ·0036 , 
(11 28 -2/ 8 ) 

Roommale Wanted - Own room in 3 
bedroom 1.5 bathroom townhouse . 
Fully furnished (except own room). 
washer/dryer, very close to campus 
& bus stop. $315 .. 1/3 utils. Prefer 
very easy going male. junior, senior 
or grad. Call 587·8980 Alex or All. 
( 1 / 28 - 2/ 4) 

Share condo. Own roomlbath. Pool. 
spa, washerldryer, fireplace, garage. 
Nonsmoker. Carlsbad . $400. 434-
9483 (1/28 -2/8) 

Own room in North Claire mont house. 
Big yard. $240/month + 1/4 utili -
ties & deposit. Roberl 483-4105. 
(1 / 28 · 2 / 1 ) 

Roommate wanted - share 3-br . 
apartment. Non-smoker . Washerl 
dryer. 1.5 miles campus . $275. Avail 
311 . 450 ·4628 . (1 / 28-2/ 11) 

FAMILY or grad student home, 4 
bdrm, 2.5 bath , FP, yard , quiet, 1 bl. 
from SDSU , 2400', available 3/15. 
$1500 mo . . 222 -8786 . (2 / 1) 

Del Mar - Rent 1 bedroom unfur-
nished condo plus large loft for 
less than 2 bedroom, pool , tenniS , 
washer-dryer in condo, refrigera-
tor, best greenbelt location, quiet 
complex , $855.00 . 259-1200 . (21 
1 ) 

WINDANSEA - Share 2 bedroom with 
female. NO SMOKING/pets , laundry , 
$437 plus $537 deposit. 454-7425. 
(2/1 - 214) 

Roommate wanted $341 .50/month 
+ 1/3 utilities . Malelfemale. "Hat-
nin Pacif ic Beach : Adr iano 270-
8592. (2 / 1-2/25) 

Nonsmoking female wanted to share 
masterbedroom near UTC. Condo, 
pool, garage + WID on same floor. 
Secure complex , free busline. $250/ 
M + $167 deposil . 113 utilities . 
Available now. Call 558 ·7022. (21 
1 ) 

RENT for 3 months. April ·June $290 
+ util. per month. House, own room, 
UCSD studenls . Cla irmont. 569-
5040 . (2 / 1) 

SPACIOUS Kearny Mesa house needs 
roommale. Pool , fireplace , month-
to -month lease . $340 . Call 627-
0747 . (2/1-2 /8 ) 

~/L S P E C I A L S i II~ 
ACRYLIC 
NAILS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 

$18.99 F j 
$24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15' New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing StartIng at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

__ '1tad4-'-'! • 4- elUU/..eJt, liEN AND WOllEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Not valid wi1I1 any Diller OIlers expires 2Jl~3 

r--
-2TANS$1*i I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

One for au, one for a friend : 
30 Tan Da 5 ~g99 I 

Nc:w \:IutI5 • Wolff ~ • Facial f8'l'1e"" I 
,-__ J_ 5cmo ... ",,<I:lr&'!IPIY ..J • 2nd:O UIl dol" t.:l9.99 (wItl!~) 

------------r.------------------~ 

I LOSE 6" In 2 HOURS ·,IOSI~linch~s. andmyjeansfit I now. II s definitely worth II!" I Guaranteed ... $48 $96 . Mindy. San Diego I 
European Body Wrap I ~ " IUU I " or ,011 don't ...,1 No •• ere ... or dIetIftC, I 

I GoIcb TrtqIe ~..loIa rlClflc eeactI f''' I.GmI ItIcmt hWIonV. I l'erfectT., ~2 f'xI&T., T.,41.e!5 296-7004 IotMIonT., I 3251 ~ Ct. 2200 Gamet 31115 Midw~ 5ufe Coqe 4" Camo PelIi:Io 5 I 
455-<l909 581-9060 22+9727 697~ 542.0391 ~ ____ ~~~~~~~ ______ ..J 

Th., UCSD GUUI·dian 

STILL SEEKING: Roommate for 
INDIVIDUAL room . $250 +1/4 . 
15 minutes from UCSD in 
MIRAMESA. Large house NEAR 
ALL . Laundry , firepface , large 
yard , 2 car garag~ + MORE . 
558-1906 or 693-8322 . (21 
1 - 2 / 4) 

PERSONALS 
Order of Omega meet ing Feb . 
10th! Please plan to attend ! Call 
Anne for details! 587 -1713. 
Thanks ! (2 /1) 

Order of Ome9a rush! Leaders 
w ilh ln the Greek system , con -
tact your chapter presidents l (21 
1 ) 

The Ladies of Chi Omega would like 
to congratulate their new Executive 
Board and Comminee Chairpersons. 
We're prepared for a great year !! 
(2 11 ) 

Chi Omega/Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fan-
tasy Island Exchange was dreamy. 
Party onl (211) 

Thanks to the rowdy and rambunc-
tious guys of ~!lE for the great 
barn burner! We had a good 01 ' 
time and can't wait until the next 
barn burns . Love, the gals ofAX!l . 
(2 / 1 ) 

Congratulations Tri Delta new 
initiates! We are so proud of 
you! Love, your DDD sisters . (21 
1 ) 

Drummerl Bassist seeking guitar-
ist for hard alternative band . 
Open minded and various influ -
ences . Jason 456 -1804. (2 /1-
2 14) 

Theft Detergent plays KSDT Wed ., 
Feb. 3, 9 p .m. Great Show Biz. (21 
1 ) 

I lost my watch . Irs not valuable . 
but I really liked il. Large Cherokee 
brand, silver accents. White face , 
tan leather band. If found , please 
call Christine. 539 -0534 . (2/1) 

Never at a Loss for 
Words? 

Write for the Guardian. 
Slop by our office in Ihe Siudeni Cen-
ler above Ihe General Siore 10 apply. 

California University 
Painters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 lap 10% 
$29,617, prr spring Frr 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marketing, 

sales, production. 
Positions going fast. 

Call now. 
1-800-400-9332 p-_. __ .. -. 

• Enjoy the Juiciest • 
• Burgers in Town • 

:FREEti 
• BURGER,. 
• When you buy any burger. • 
• sandwic h , or gyros with fries. • 
• 

your second burger, • 
sandwic h . or gyros (of equal 

• or lesser value) Is FREE • 

: JEFF'S BURGERS : 
• 

2512 Avenida De La Playa • 
La Jolla Shores 454-8038 

• Musl hi" sludenllO. Elqlires 2/15193. • 

•••••••••• 

CLAS 1I~IEDS 13 

NOTHING'S 
FOREIGN TO US. 
Robert's German, Swedish & Japanese Service. 

At Robert's, we special ize in foreign cars. And our huge inventory 
of shipped parts means your car will be returned FAST. 

And , of course, all work is fully guaranteed by 
Robert 's Stress-Free Guarantee! 

For expert service on your import car, visil Robert's today ! 

r---------.=---' \10% OFF\ 
, ON I\ll R£pI\IRS' WITH 1HIS COUPON . , ~'.:::. ,:: ' ::\'.:'.:~ ::.: '.:::::"_ cJ 

• ROBERT'S B 
o 

GERMAN· SWEDISH· JAPANESE SERVICE 

III Nothing 's foreign to lfS. 
II 0 IlIISSIOIIu, 011. 

..... 275·1132 
J - 4630 Mission Bay Dr. 

MON.-FRI. : 7am to 5 :30pm . SATURDAYS: 8am to 5pm 

HELP WANTED 
Administrative Assistant 
Biotechnology Venture Capital Consulting 
Learn the basics of the biotechnology and venture capital 
businesses. Duties include secretarial , bookkeeping, and 
interaction wilh executives. 

Prefer Chemistry/Biology w/2 years + until graduation . 
GPA 3.3 + . Must be versatile , intelligent, dependable, 
hard-working , computer literate, seit-motivated and very 
good with people. Flexible 5-15 hrs .lwk. $7-$10 hr. EOE. 
Please send resume (no calls , please) to : 
Gary D. Aronson Consulting 
3535 Riviera Drive 
San Diego, CA 92109 
Fax: (619) 270-0757 

It's easy. just come in [no appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

Includes : Shampoo and 
quail ly haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists . To 
Insure faster service. II'S 
best to come on weekdays. 

Ope n 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm ; T-W -T 9-Bpm 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive' La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 

.-



The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1993 

STORY BY "GRAVEDlGGER" GREGG WRENN PHOTOS BY DAN 11805(0'1 MCDOWEll 

THE GRANDSLAM OF MOTOR-SPORTS! CAMEL MUD AND MON-STER TRUCK RACING CHAMPI-ONSHlPS!" 
Yes, the combined fury of monster trucks, 

mud bog racing and tractor pulling descended on 
Jack Murphy sl!ldium on Ian. 23, and I was there 
to catch all the action. Just listen to some of the 
hype from the U.S. Hot Rod Association's 
official press release: "These snorting me-
chanical IUXXl-pound beasts will rampage 
through the stadium, crumpling cars like 
tinfoiL" Needless to say, I was breathless 
with anticipation. 

Once in~ide the ~tadium . a security 
guard gave phtogmph<:r Dan McDowell 
the ml o fonakingpictures: "You don't W.Ult 
to ~tand behind the mud bog meers becau!>e 
you'll get muddy. don 't get in front of the 

mon~ter truck.~ 'c:!u!,c they might gCl out of 
control ;md don't be in back of the car 
drop stunt, because there is going to 
bea big explosion on that side of the 
stadium." Nobody had ever men-
tioned the prospect of gettingmowed 
down by a 12,(XX).pound out-of-con-
trol behemoth. let alone being burned 10 a crisp by 
a falling Mereedes. 

Taking a tour around the ~l<ldiulll revealed all 
sort~ of interesling liltle insights about the serious 
mOlll,(er truck r.lcing crowd. Sure, we had !>Cen 
more than our fair share of pickups with gun rncks, 
TrJvis Tritt blasting from open windows and 
bumperstickers like "You can have my Smith & 
Wesson when you pry it from my cold dead 
fingers," bUlthere were also:t surprising sm:tner-
ingof su its and other assorted yuppie rypes, search· 
ing in vain for a concession !-.tnnd with sushi or 
bottled water. 

All of a sudden a hush fell overthe crowd. And 
in they canle - the bigg~t, baddest, loudest 
machines in the world. The only thing that keJll my 
e;\fS from falling off from the roar of the engines 
was the roar of the crowd which. from almost total 
silence, exploded in:J scre;uning frenzy that almost 
drowned oul the trucks. ll1is was gelling serious. 

After the initial reaction, we gOl down to the 
business at h:md.ll'IC crowd W,L~ a bunch of mcing 
fiend.~ ;mel this is wh:Jt they were here for. A quick 
glance at the official "Monster Rules" gave us 
novices an idea of what tilel;C competitions were 
going to be like. Rule number three caught my 
attention immediately: "Tires for monster trucks 
mll',t be a minimum of 36 inches in width and 66 
inche., in heigh!." lllO~ are big tires. Really big 
til\.'S. 

ll1ecoun;c itselfconsistedofarampof din that 
led up to IWO junked C;U'S, followed by about 80 feet 
ardin. then !>even more cars lined up right before 
the Iinbh line. 11'IC junkers were pretty pathetic, 
suitable for getting pounded into smithereens. 

Thelirst roundwentsmoothlyenough. Big~ I, 
the "Gmnddaddy of tilem all." triumphed easily 
along with tnlcks with muncs like "Unnamed ;U1d 
Untamed", "Super Special", "Shotgun" and my 
favorite, "Reptoid." 

Reptoid was too cool. It W(L~ ju~t as big as the 
other II1IC~, but Wlli> all done up like son'IC enor-
mOlls lizard. Instead of a front grille, the owner had 
put th se gigtU1tic fangs all across the front of the 
lniCk. In nddition. the headlights were covered 
with plastic eyes that the driver lit up as he drove 
around the pit area. Add a dnrk green paint job and 
you have the makings of a serious nighnnare that 
night for some of the younger fans at the stadium. 

But trJgedy struck the reptilian racer. He easily 

defeated his inferior opponent, Big Dummy 3. but 
landed wrong after his jump over the second group 
ofcm~:md his left front wheel came off. It was a sad 
moment for a truck that, while fleeringly, had 
captured my heart and imagination. But I got over 
it quickly. because of the Bandit. TheSkool Bandil 
was a truck making its final appear.mce on the 
cin.:uit following a lengthy farewell tour of the 
country. The emotions were mnning high as the 
Bandit triumphed in the ftrslround .. Would there be 
a Cinderella story tonight? Could the Sentimental 
Favorite, the wise old Bandit triumph over his 
younger :u1<l bigger rivals? It was a soap opem that 
kept me on the edge of my seat, at least until the 
mud bog r.ICing. 

T he mud bog r.ICing was a distant second to the monster trucks. But that' not to say that it was a disappointment What it 
lacked in til~ size, it made up for in 
m~il1C.' . The basics of mud racing are simple: 
tl'IC mud pit is 80 feet long and 30 inches deep and 
after the pit there is an 8O-fOOl-long stopping zone 
bounded by a line of flags. The racers must stop 
before this line or they are disqualified. 

This stopping line is a bone of contention for 
many fans. '11lc: mud bogs are kind of disappoint-
ing because they can't use all that they got" said 

David, a big time fan from San Marcos. "They all 
have these big engines but they can't go full speed 
all the way." Seriousconcems indeed. Objections 
aside, however,the mud bog went OIl as scheduled. 

The announcer, an annoyingly earnest and 
enthusiatic little bugger, was as upbeat about the 
mud bogs as he had been about the monster trucks. 
"We're going to break the two-second barrier 
tonight!" he yelled. and I could tell he meant it. The 
second truck through. Altered Attitude, probably 
did break two seconds but it ended up running into 
the flag and was summarily DQ'd. 

The next racer not only broke the two-second 
banier, he shattered it. This was a gray jeep called 
lhe Hairy Scary, and it just blew through the pit. 
The crowd held its breath as Mr. Cheery An-
nouncer blurted out the result: a 1.74. The crowd 
went nuts. Here was a hero for our times. But not 
for long. Two racers later CaJl'IC a pink Chevy 
Blazeronsteroids, the Mud Buster. This one made 
lhe Hairy Scary look like a barge as it lore through 
the mud. Once again the crowd held its breath as 
Mr. Annoying strodetothemiketobreak the news: 
a 1.66! A new U.S. Hot Rod Association world 
record! Joy! Grown men were seen hugging and 
weeping while women pronounced their inten-
tions to name their unborn children Buster. 

The Bud Boss' two ..... power the S8fIIHruck w., around Jack Murphy Staclum. 

~ 
.- ----- ,JIIIt. 
-~ ... . 

As the racing continued, the announcer was 
practically beside himself with enthusiasm, "The 
Iouderyou are,the wildertheygel!" he screamed 
And il wortcd. 

Just a couple trucks later, Bad to the Bone 
stonned through the pit, possibly Icnocking 
off the Mud BUSIer. But it was I1O(to be. Bad 
to the Bone couldn't stop before the line and 
as the crowd lei out a giant "Awwwww," 
you had to wonder if any ofthesedrivers had 
ever considered the advantages of anti-lock 
bmkes. 

BU! tI'IC next and final truck, the inspim-
tionally-named Wild Bosco had possibili-
ties. It looked just as fast through the pil as 
Bad to the Bone. but it managed 10 stop in 

time. This time the crowd was dead silent 
chewing on theirfingemails, wide eyed. Could 

it be? Yet another record, or was that too much 
too ask? Bur the Wild Bosco would not disap-

point. A 1.49, Eureka! OIildren that were sup-
posed 10 be nruned Buster quickly became Bosco 
as the fans knelt in pr.lyer and tumed their eyes to 
the sky to ask why they had been chosen to view 
this automotive nirvana. TIle announcer went into 
conniptions: "You're seeing history tonight!" he 
shouted breathlessly. I felt like a wimess at the 
signing of the Declaration of Independence. 

About an hour later, the top four finishers came 
out for a second go 'round for $1 ,<xx) cash. The 
Mud Buster put the pressure on again with a 1.58, 
bullhe Wild Boscowasnouo be denied. This truck 
will soon be known as Destiny's Mud Bog Racer 
because he OOrely even touched the ground as he 
rocketed to yet another record, a 1.48 clocking. 
Thi time there was hardly any reaction from the 
crowd - most of them just fainted on the spot. 

Wendee Ann Tannan, driver of the Valvoline 
Racer, loves nothing more than to drive through a 
pit of mud. "Jt's a good stress reliever," said 
Tarman, who owns the national record for a 200-
foot bog, 2.5 seconds. "It 's the best feeling in the 
world to go through that pit as fast as you can." 

A sthemudbogrdcinggOlintofullswing the pulling started up. This was the Hot Rod class, as opposed 10 the Drag Class 
pulling which would follow. 

For those of you who are still uninfonned as 10 the 
difference between the two, let me elucidate. The 
Hot Rods pull a 35,(XX)-pourid sled across a dirt 
track for a lime while the Drag class cars pull the 
same sled except they see how far they can pull it. 

These cars were loud. They pUI the monster 
trucks, mud rncers and jet engines to shame. Dur-
ing the flfSl couple of pulls, J was sure that the 
engines were going to explode. The early leader 
was a purple station wagon looking thing c:llied 
"Crazy? No Mad," which crossed the finish line in 
a lightning-quick 10.16 seconds. The crowd was 
probably screaming, but since my ears were still 
bleeding, I couldn't be sure, 

The eventual winner was a fire red Budweiser-
sponsored vehicle that resembled the 'Z2 Top 
Eliminatorcar. Dubbed the Bud Vicky, it powered 
.across the line in an unbelievable 10.0 I seconds. 
The best thing about the Bud Vicky, though, was 
the wheelie il did about the last third of the tmck. 
You just don't see many cars that can do wheclies 
like that. 

But the gr.tnd champion wheelie king was-
and I'm not making this up - a brilliant yellow 
1967 Corvette by the name of Coella. This guy did 
a wheelie all the way across the 175-foot track. 
Very impressive, despite fmishing third. 
"It's becoming a really popular sport. r ve been a 

~ 
---

- -~ . 

. -. 

Monday, February 1, 1993 

fanfor 10 years and Icomeout here whenever they 
come by," said superfan OIuck from Rancho San 
Diego. "Its the excitement of all the power of those 
engines. It 's just not something that you see every 
day." OIuck was a pretty typical example of the 
fans at the stadium, even though he preferred the 
pulling to the other everus. 

'Thi is my second time coming," said Lisa 
from San Diego. "I like to hear some noise, plus 1 
got free tickets the first time." Lisa was a monster 
truck fan, pulling for the seMmenr.aI favorite Skoal 
Bandit. Proving that monster trucks are indeed 
good. clean, familyenrenainmenr, she ~ "I'U 
bring my son nexl year. He 'U bea yearold by then." 

Meanwhile, back 10 David from San Marcos 
- who had adilferent reason for coming out to the 
stadium. " like it because it's a chance to get 
outdoors. Plus it's great entertainment; and I just 
like seeing all of the vehicles and their perfor-
mance." 

The monsters were back. It was time for the second round. Mr. No Doz OD Announcer was prancing back and fonh, 
exhorting each of three sections to yell 

as loud as possible. But then the competition 
stopped and the sl!ldium became whole again as 
the announcer smned a war cry: "Monster! Mon-
ster! Monster!." FIrst up was Bigfoot versus Un-
named and Untamed. The overwhelming crowd 
favorite, Bigfoot won by a countty mile, helped 
panly by the fact that U&U went off course over 
thesecondgroup ofcars and plowed into one of the 
poles that marked the right side of the course. 

But he did better than Big Dummy 3 which 
apparently got stage fright because it stopped after 
jumping off the starting line. Just stopped. After a 
few seconds it meekly tried to finish the course, but 
you could tell from the hangdog expression in its 
headlights that it was a beaten truck. 

Of course, the Sentimental Favorite, Skoal 
Bandit, advanced 10 the sernifmals with a big win 
over Tuff Enuff. This was shaping up to be a real 
teaJjerker of a monster truck race, 

After a round of Drag class puUing (pulling for 
distance insread of time, remember?) which a 
particularly hideous beast called the California 
FWh won with a puU of 166-6, it was time fc.y the 
monster truck semis. The flfSl race was Bigfoot 
against the Rocket, and just to make sure there was 
no confusion over who they were rooting for, the 
crowd booed the Rocket heartily, I was taken 
aback, 10 say the least, at this display of negativism 
from .this previow;ly cheery, happy, "Up With 
People"crowd. BigfoottrouocedthehaplessRocket 
and there was general rejoicing until the next race, 
which pined Shotgun against the Skoal Bandit 
This was a oue classic of mOllSlerouck racing that 
millions of people wiU eventually claim to have 
seen live. Shotgun got off the line ftrst, but the 
Bandit caught up on the dirt portion of the track. 
The two were neck and neck as they hit the second 
group, when the two drivers took different stnUe-
gies. The Shotgun took the traditional, straiglt-on 
power jump over the first four cars, landing on the 
fifth and cnm;;hing on. The Bandit. on the other 
hand had some trouble on the jump and landed on 
the left side of the pile, his left two wheels on the 
ground and his riglt wheels in the air, safely above 
the junked cars. He finished the race like that, 
nudging out the Shotgun for a nuly naiJbiting 
finish and a trip to the finals. 

But first came a special pulling exhibition by 
the Mother of All Pullers, the Bud Boss. This was 
a special semi truck with two, count 'em two, 
engines, each pumping out 1,800 horsepower. 
This truck was sharp. Bright red with no hood so 
that its two gJeaming engines were visible to aU. 
The Boss was hooked up to the sled, revved the 
engines a couple of times and took off down the 
track as if the 35,(XX).pound sled it was dragging 
was the family dog that the kids had left tied to the 
bumper at a rest stop during a camping trip to 
Yosemite. No wheeIies, though. 

A fier the Bud Boss came one of the highlights of my Iifc. It WIS the "World Famous Bad Boy c:i Stunt Drivers" 
~ 

-- '-~'" _. . --_ ... 

- -.~. 

. - . 

The UCSD Guardian 

It', a slx-year old', dream with mud flying everywhere as a mud bog racer hits the pit. 
Brian Carson. By way of introduction, he had a 
stretch limo drive onto the floor of the sl!ldium as 
Mr. "My Enthusiasm Can Not Be Blunted Even 
With Several Blows To The Head" Armouncer 
listed off his previous accomplishments such as 
owning the world record forear jumping, 298 feet. 
Carson stepped out of the limo, said a few inspiring 
words and then headed over 10 a humongous crane 
in the comer of Jack Murphy. Attached to this 
crane by a cable to the back bumper was a vintage 
1960's Mercedes. Next to the Mercedes was a pile 
of about 12 or 13 junkers, piled on top of each other 
with the vw Vans on the bottom, station wagons 
resting on top of the vans and two little Pinto-like 
contraptions silting on top. 

leI me just insert a bit of personal commentary 
before continuing to describe the incredible spec-
taclewhichfollowed. This guy, Brian Carson, was 
evidently an accomplished daredevil, stunt driver 
orcomp1ete idiot, dependingonyourpoint of view. 
But peoplereaUydo lovecarjumping, it looks grear 
and is appropriately dangerous. But how the hell 
did Carson come up with the ear drop idea? Was he 
just silting around the house when all of a sudden 
he sat upright and shouted, "I know what I'll do! 
FJrSI I'D get in a car, hang it 200 feet in the air,light 
it on tire and then drop it straight down into a pile 
of other cars! And then it'll explode!" That's 
precisely what happpencd. 

As the ear was hanging from the crane, it just 
kept going up and up. Two huOOred feet is very 
high. Nobody at the stadium believed that, once it 
had reached the designated height. it was actually 
going to drop. Nobody could be that stupid. The 
back of the car suddenly lit up with what looked 
like hundreds of Fourth of luly sparlders, which 
caused quite a gasp, but still the car just hung there 
for what seemed like a few minutes. 

Not many things in life prepare you to witness 
a ear thai's on tire p1l111l/Tleling 200 feet to the 
ground. Try imagining it and you'U flOd that it's 
kind of difficult The fall took a long time, but it was 
worth the suspense, As the Mercedes hitthe pile, an 
enormous explosion rocked the stadium. A thump 
!hal moved the press box combined with a bang 

that would do a Tomahawk m issiJe proud accom-
panied the fi.rebaU which just kept getting bigger 
until it reached the very top of the stadium. This 
was very cool. 

After every thing had died down and most of 
the fire was out, the Mercedes could be seen lying 
on its roof on top of two very flat Pintos. II look 
about five minutes for the team to get Carson out 
of the car, and about a minute for him to stumble 
toward Mr. Armouncer. He mumbled a couple of 
incoherent words into the microphone and then 
lurched off, presumably to find a nice quiet place 
to lie down and die. 

Maybe not the highlight of my life, but close. 

B ut the action wasn't finished, not by a long shot. The fmal of the monster com-petition was still to come and it promised 
10 be as exciting as any stunt man plum-

meting into an explosion and certain death. 
It was Bigfoot versus the Bandit, and this one 

wasforaUthemarbles.MallOamGlw,lmckatnlCk. 
There would be only one swvivor. 

Frankly, I was shocked at the betrayal of the 
Skoal Bandil by the crowd. The Sentimental Fa-
vorite aU nighl, the Bandit was suddenly a pariah, 
booed just as the second·dass Rocket had been. 
What happened to loyalty? But it was okay, be-
cause I was rooting for Bigfoot, too. [am not a very 
sentimerul person, 

It was a doozy of a race. Bigfoot gO! off the line 
in record time but the Bandit wasn't farbehind, and 
actually caught up with the sasquatch on the dirt. 
But the superior bloodlines of the Bigfoot shone 
through yet again as it hit the second ramp and 
sailed over every single car of the final group. The 
Bandit got off a pretty good leap itself, but couldn't 
march the heroics of the high-flying Bigfoot, which 
won-by half a truck length. 

And so il was over. [ can now say without a 
doubt that [ was part of something, uhh, memo-
rable. Next year though, I'm not going to just go to 
the monsIer truck show, ['m going to be in it. You 
see, I've got this great idea where I'll ~ locked in 
a Yugotbal will be machine-gume<l at 500 feet .,. 

SPORTS 15 

Top: BrIan Carson's Mercedes begins Its 
upward ]owney, eventually reaching a 
zenith 200 feet above the floor of Jack 
Murphy Stadium. 

Mldcle: The flamIng Merc::edes (far left), 
hits the pile of junked cars triggering the 
massive explosion that enveloped the 
daredevil. 

Bottom: The explosion continues to rtp 
upw.-d as carson'. car Is swallowed by 
the raging Inferno. 



.. 

16 PORTS 

ARf 

HIm 
Another Public 
Humiliation 

Nine years and cou~g. Look on 
the bright side, Bills fans. Buffalo lost 
by a meager 35 points, only the third-
worst losing margin in Super Bowl 
hislOl)'. If the Bills could have scored 
five more touchdown . it would have 
been a whole new ball game. The 
game was over midway through the 
third quarter. sparing the Buffalo 
faithful another gut-wrenching ending. 
And 31 least Thunnan Thoma.~ didn't 
forget his helmet. 

Most fooball pundits evaluate a 
game by measuring the effecti velle1>S 
of the offense, defense. pecial teams 
and coaching. Yet such grn<ling 
methods don't truly capture the 
e,sence of the game. It's lime [0 grnde 
the perfonnances of the Dallas 
Cowboys and Buffalo Bills in three 
critical categories: 

TllflU)I 'ers : Dallas - 0+. Buffalo 
- A+. The Bills set a new Super 
Bowl record with nine turnovers 
again 't the Cowboys. obody has 
ever tumed it over better or more often 
than the Bills. Dallas tried to match 
Buffalo's virtuoso perfonnance. but 
the sure-ruulded Cowboys just 
couldn 't get it done. Cowboy 
quarterback Troy Aikman threw 31 
passes, yet wa.~ unable to hit the any of 
the wide open Bills cornerbacks. 

/OOO-yard slare: [}.ulas - F, 
Buffalo - A+. Football fans 
recognize the blank. glassy-eyed. 
zombie-like stare th..1t players assume 
in the closing minutes of a sure defent. 
Well, the Buffalo Bill have become 
so good at it. they started "the 1000-
yard ~lare" in the second quarter of 
yesterday's ugly rout. 

TIle Cowboys were so busy 
scoring touchdowns that before they 
knew it. they were up by 35 points. 
Since there would be no staring on the 
Dallas bench. the Cowboys JUSt 
whiled away the final minutes goofing 
around on the sideline, messing with 
Jimmy Johnson's hair and saying 
"we're number one" and "Hi Mom"; 
the u ual shemUligans fans expect of 
NFC [eanlS in the Super Bowl. 

T ollchdoll'lI C e/ebrar;o/ls: 
DalIas-C, Buffalo - D. In Super 
Bowl XIl, fans were treaJ.ed to Butch 
Johnson's "California Quake" ; the 
Redskins receiving corps, known as 
the "Smurfs" and 'lhe fun bunch". 
danced and high-fived in unison after a 
touchdown in Super Bowl XVII. Jim 
McMahon did head-butts with his 
offensive lineman after each Bears 
touchdown in Super Bowl XX. There 
were nine touchdowns scored during 
the game, ample oppoounity for some 
serious hot~ogging. So what did we @ 
get in this year's game? Alvin Harper 
did a nice, left-handed ' lam dunk: over 
the crossbar, but that was the only 
impressive post-touchdown e",hibition. 

Perhaps the finest touchdown 
celebration of Super Bowl xxvn was 
performed by Cowboy lineman Leon 
Lett. Unfortunately for Lett. the dance 

See BLOWOUT, Page 10 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1993 

Jason Rltchle/Guanfan 
laurie Boyd, shown here In the 2C»yard Inclvldual medley, anchored the Tritons' ~yard freestyle relay victory over Kenyon. 

TRITONS SHOCK KENYON 
SWIIVIt1ING AND DIVING:: Women 
upset Kenyon on final event of the day 

-after winning rel~y by .03 seconds 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Three one-hundredth of a second isn't very 
much lime. It take longer to blink. But it was 
enough time to give the UCSD women' wim 
team a 56-55 win over viSiting NCAA Division ill 
national champion and traditional powerhouse 
during Saturday'S Dual Meet Challenge at 
Canyonview Pool. 

The UCSD men weren't as lucky as lheineam-
mates. dropping their meet 59-52 to the Lords. 

The women 's meet belonged in an "NBC Olym-
pic Moment" commercial. The favored Kenyon 
team held a 55-49 lead heading into the final event, 
the 400-yard freestyle relay. with the winner re-
ceiving seven points and the loser zero. UCSD' 
first three swimmers. Jocelyn Rothbard. Jamie 
Couch and Carrie Parter gave a light lead to the 
Triton anchor. freshman Laurie Boyd. Boyd was 
facing off against Carolyn Peticolas, who had won 
the 50-yard freestyle earlier in the afternoon. 

Peticolas caught up with Boyd on the second of 
the four laps and appeared ready 10 take over the 
lead. But Boyd was able to hold the junior off and 
touch the wall at 3: 37 .39, with Peticolas hitting the 
timer at 3:37.42. 

"1 was really nervous because I knew it would 
come down to me," Boyd said. "At the third tum I 
could see that we were even, but (was breathing on 
the opposite side so I wouldn't see her at the end." 

The women were also led by senior Sabrina 
Lum. who picked up two wins in the 200-yard 

Jason RItchie/Guan1ian 
JII JIICkeon won two divine events. 
butterfly and 500-yard freestyle, finished sec-
ond in the 200-yard individual medley and 
swam third in UCSO's victorious 400-yard 
medley relay team. 

"Every time she swims, she gives us three or 
four great swims," UCSD Swinl Head Coach 
Doug Boyd said of Lum. 

Jill Jackson was another double winner for 
the Tritons. taking both the one- and three-
meter dives. The junior trounced Kenyon's Lisa 

See SWIMMING, Page 10 

1heWeek 

Matadors 
BuryUCSD 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

The UCSO men's volleyball tearn was 
trampled in three games, 15-3, 15-2, 15-12 by 
Cal Stale Nonhridge on Saturday night 

The Matadors got started fast, jumping out 
lOan 1l-OleadinthefU'Slgame,andthenhelped 
the Tritons by giving them two of UCSO's 
three points on errors. 

Game two was more of the sameforUCSO 
as CSUN got out to a frO error. The Tritons did 
pur up a fight for the si",th point, as the learns 
traded 10 points before the Matadors were able 
to pick up point nurnber six. 

UCSO picked up the tempo in game Ihroe, 
shutting down the CSUN offense after falling 
behind 12-5. The Tritons scored five straight to 
draw within striking distance, but the Matadors 
proved to be 100 much yet again,as they took the 
match. 

''The biggest thing the team is OOing now is 
Ieaming what it takes to play in the big time," 
said UCSO Head Coach Rod Wilde. "The team 
battIcd throughout the whole n-=tI. .. 

Freshman Tom Black led the am with 13 
kills on the night. "I was really pleased with 
[Black). He struggled at fn tu he came bad 
for us, " Wilde said. 

UCSD takes on UCSB Wemesday 315:30. 

The Headline Matchup: BasebaU season opener at Chapman University, Tuesday. 
Other Games: Women's basketball vs. LaVerne, Tuesday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. Men's volleyball vs. UC Santa Bartlara, Wednesday at 5:30 p.m., Main Gym. Men's basketball vs. UC Santa Cruz, 

Friday at 8 p.m., Maln Gym. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MOIeAY. FEBRUARY 1, 1993. PAeE 11 

ON THE 

• Though they admit that the voyage resembled a 
wild floating party more than a university, four UCSD 
students who participated in the Semester at Sea 
program insist that they learned more than they would 
have at home, 

BY MICHAELA MONAHAN , GUARDIAN REPORTER 

5 0 YOU 1lltNK YOU'RE GElllNG THE FUU COLLEGE experience? Feel as enriched as a loaf of Wonder? Then when was the last time you and 200 other undergrads went skinny dip-ping together - in the waters of Malaysia? 
Ever tried tooling through the crazy streets of 
Taiwan on a high-speed moped or had a swig of 
fresh snake blood in India? 

Aha! Thought not. 
These are but a few of the exotic experiences of 

Seth Wilen and Carter Hendrick, who have just 
retumedfrom an extraordinary semester-Iongvoy-
age. Through a program called Semester at Sea, 
offered by the Opportunities Abroad Program 
(OAP), the pair joined 500 students from univer-
sities across the country on a three-and-a-half 
month cruise around the world, travelling on aship 
converted into a floating university and dropping 
anchor in 11 ports: Japan, Hong Kong, Taiwan, 
MaJaysia.lndia. EgYJll, Israel, Turkey, the Ukraine, 
Spain and Venezuela. 

Both travellers admit the trip was practically a 
non-stop pany. favorably comparing the experi-

enceto "Fantasy Island," and nicknaming the boat 
the "floating Mattress." A pub, wimming pool 
and movie theater entertained the students on lhe 
ship, and at each port they experienced all the 
thriUs and frills of a vacation. 

Lest the sea-goers forget the underlying pur-
pose of the cruise, there was some academic 
activity as well. While the 
students admit that classes 
conducted aboard ship were 
generally not as demand-
ing as regular university 
fare. the material neverthe-
less fulfilled general edu-
cation or major require-
ments and was worth a full 
18 units of credit. (The credits are considered 
transfer credits and do not affect the UCSD grade 
point average.) There was also a series of "core" 
classes that covered the basic history and culture of 
each country, sometimes taught by professors 
native to the region. to prepare the students for 
each stop. 

"'The good thing about a semester at sea is that 
it's very practical learning. You learn and then you 
actually go to each country and see it," says Wilen, 
a Third College junior. 

Hendrick estimates that only about 10 percent 
of his learning took place on the ship. The bulk of 
it occured during his stay in each country, he says. 

Political tunnoil never failed to add a certain 
edge to the experience. While abroad, the students 
saw an American flag burned in Spain, heard about 
a hijacked tour bus in Egypt. witnessed religious 
strife in lndiaand an attempted coup in Venezuela. 
Wilen was especially surprised at the pervasive-
ness of anti-American sentiments in other parts of 
the world. 

The amount of poverty they encountered al 0 
left a lasting impre sion on the travelers. In India, 
Hendrick recalls "bodies lying around, vomiting 
on the sidewalk. n He was constantly being mobbed 
by homeless people begging for chocolate. and 
saw a small child run into the street to retrieve a 
three cent piece and get hit by a bicyclist. 

For Wilen, the most touching moments were 
when the students tried to help out the legions of 
homeless people they met. ''They don 't have the 
little things we take for granted .... It makes you 

realize that the whole world 
doesn't act the way we do. 
It makes you aware of a lot 
ofdifferent things," he says. 

The students on the trip 
were asked both before and 
after the cruise if they 
thought they could change 
the world. After the jour-

ney, 90 percent of them said they could. "I feel like 
the world's so mall. I feel like I know what it is 
about," explains Hendrick. 

Senior John Prichard went on the Seme ter at 
Sea journey in Fall 1991, and was part of the first 
group to visit South Africa since the abolition of 

See ADVENTURE, Page 53 



S2 SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, February I, 1993 

Young Author Lauds Last Scenes of Movies 
• A UC Berkeley 
ophomore likes the 

last cene of movies so 
much, he wrote a book 
about them. 
By Elaine camu.o 
Staff Writer 

H T TIlE TENDER AGE Of 19. UC Berkeley sophomore Josh Gro is already a publi hed author. Don't be impressed yet. because he actually fini hed 
his book about famous last scene of 
movie when he was 16. and it's 
taken until now just to get the rights to 
use the excerptS from the films' own-
ers. With The Lost Word: Final Scenes 
From Yow Favorite Motion Pictures 
on the racks, Gross recently visited 
the Price Center Bookstore to talk 
about his new book and hi love for 
the ilver screen and to offer encour-
agement for other budding young 
authors. 

Graphic by Oominic Lobbia. Photo by Dawtd Cho/GuRian 

m 

Before getting started. though. he 
apologized for his tardines : he had 
some problems finding parking. Ap-
parent Iy, even publ ished authors have 
10 spend five minutes commuting 
and 20 cruising the lots. Among the 
people Gross was expecting to show 
up for his presentation on that rainy 
afternoon were his grandmother from 
Point Loma, where his father had 
grown up, and a host of old chums 
from his alma mater. Beverly Hills 
High. 

I think a lot of young adults don't realize that they can get 

At this point. Gross discovered 
that his job was not over yet. After 
submitting his manuscript to the pub-
lisher, he learned that he would have 
to go through the lengthy process of 
obtaining all the legal rights to use the 
collection of film e)(cerpts. The per-
mission process involved tracking 
down each of the copyright holders of 
the individual films. 

something published, that they can do something like that. 
''I'm from Beverly Hills, which is 

obviously a film-oriented kind of 
town, so it was a logical thing that [ 
write a book on film," he said. 

The idea of writing a book which 
consi ted entirely of final scenes of 
famou films occured to him at the 
age of 12. "I'd been home with the nu 
and I saw one particular film about 
fOrly times, and it happened to be Mel 
Brooks' To Be or Not to Be." he 
recalls. "The last word of that , liter-
ally, is ' forlune,' from Hamlet's so-
liloquy 'outrageou fortune' etc .. 
etc. I asked my mother 'What do you 
think Ihe sellability of a book on just. 
literally, the last word of, like, a thou-
and films would be?' She said. 'Well, 

I don't know about words, but maybe 
cenes.· So I said 'Hmm.' and I sat 

down and compiled a list over the 
next two or three years of over one 
hundred ending scenes. And then I 
cut those down to si)(ty. and that' 
what we have now." 

An admitled lover of movie end-
ings, Gross recognized the inherent 
appeal in thi type of book when he 
observed the ometimes powerful ef-
fects oflast scenes on moviegoers. He 
writes in the introduction of his book. 
" ... when I would quiz people about 
their knowledge of a given film, it 

WELCOME ABOARD 
To OUR 

NEW INITIATES!! 
Jennifer Abe Teres(! Kaplan 
Michelle Beverage Kim Kaufman 
Katrina Chang Kay Lee 

Marietta Cukillgham Christina Munoz 

hanlton Downie Tracy Nystrom 

Ashley Gorlick Brooke Ortiz 

Carrie Gugger Beri Ridgeway 

Anne Hurst Jordie Siegel 

Joma Jones Janelle Wang 

Robin Jones Tobey Wu 

JOSH GROSS 
19-Year-Old Autbor 

was always the last scene that would 
elicit huge smiles, perfectly accented 
imitation oronsomeoccasions.goose 
bump and tears." 

The process of se lecting films for 
the final cut was done with the help of 
uggestions from others. but for the 

most part, the final list consi ted of 
movies which were Gross' favorites. 
"Some scenes I just read. even though 
I hadn't seen the film. and Ijust knew 
it was a great last scene," he says. 

Gross did the bulk of his research 

AVA 
HfilIII¥F 

:Horm of tfu 'WorU's 
:Finest gourmet Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Booksrar) 

• Monday·Thursday 6 am- I t pm 
• Friday 6 run-midnighl 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnighl 
• Sunday 8 am· t I pm 

r-------, 
: $100 0FF : 
I I I Any Cappuccino, I 
I Mocha, or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I I One I'<'C_""",. , p. )(119). 
-------

at the Academy of Motion Picture 
Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), where 
he found the scripts for the films he 
had selected. He completed this por-
tIon of the book while still in high 
school, and hired a literary agent to 
handle selling the book to a publisher. 
Vintage Books. a division of Random 
House. agreed to publish the book. 

'1'he literary agent said he really 
didn't have that hard of a time selling 
it. He said it was the kind of thing that 
people understand." Gross says, 

This was the only aspect of the 
writing process which still had to be 
finished as Gross entered college, He 
began the hunt at 16, "When ] was 
trying to get the legal releases for the 
films, I sent around a little press re-
lease saying who I was and what I was 
trying todo, so they' d understand that 
I was just this little kid. But what I 
realized was the younger I was the 
more amenable they were to giving 
me the fi Ims. So. first I was telling the 
truth: I was a 16-year-old. then I was 
12 .... I think what it went down to 
was that I was an eight-year-old try-
ing to get the rights to use the films, 

"Countless estates have changed 
See MOVIES, Page 53 

WE'LL EWE YOUR 
COLLEGE LOAN. 
If you 're stuck with a student loan that's not 
in default, the Army might pay it off. 
If you qualify, we11 reduce your debt by 

~, up to a $55,000 limit for each year you 
serve as a soldier, so after jusf3 years 
youll have a clean slate. 

Youll also have training in a choice 
of skills and enough self-assurance 
to last you the rest of your life. 

Get all the details from your 
Army Recruiter. 

ARMY. I. ALL 1011 CAN 8E: 

Monday, February I , 1993 

MOVIES: Berkeley Sophomore 
finds that famous last movie scenes 
make for a compelling first book 
ContInued from PICe 52 
hands." he wriles in the book's introduction. "and many films 
have been old since their original release. which created a maze 
of paperwork and phone calls that frequently led me to unusual 
place ." 

Through lhe AMPAS' e)(tensive library in Beverly Hills, he 
was able to find where many of these hard-to-find films had 
ended up, In some instances even that comprehensive source 
could nO( help him. 

"It's very trange where some of these films end up. A big film 
like African Queen. [ couldn't even find who owned it for about 
a year. Finally. we traced it to a guy in New York who own what 
was formerly the Horizon film catalog." he ays. 

Not only did Gross have to deal with these time-consuming 
searche , he found that many of the copyright holders were 
hesitant to give him legal rights. 

"It's funny. becau e a lot of the people were very. very 
neurotic about me using the films. You 'd think [they would agree 
10] something like this, which i clearly just using the film in a 
good light [ so] somebody would want to go out and rent the video, 
get a film. get a poster. But they don't react that way. They get 
very defensive and they want to know what you're using it for. 
And I understand. contractually, why that is. but some of it was 
crazy," he says. 

Gross is pleased with the effect his book has had on readers. 
and talks about how his e)(pectations were realized. 

"It's the kind of thing where. frankly. I think you read the 
ending scene and you 're taken back 10 what you were doing when 
you saw the film, who you were with. Really. it work that way. 
I mean, I go in and spy on people. I watch them while they read 
the book. because I told the publishers. 'Look. people are going 
to read this. they're going to remember it. they 're going to go 
crazy.' And it's true. they do. They go, 'Oh my God! E.T. phone 

Congratulations to 
Sigma Kappa's 

Newest Initiates 

The UCSD Guardian 

home! Yeah. I remember that one ... • he says. 
Because of this suspicion, he was unable to secure the righls 

for some of the films he wanted to include. 
"I'd say IgO(about 98 percent of the films I wanted to get. but 

(here were some films] couldn't get because they just wouldn't 
give them to me. Casablanca is a good example. But I got 
everything else. so I'm still pretty happy." 

Currently tudying history at Berkeley, Gro doesn't rule out 
writing as a future career. For Gro • film is a hobby. not 
omething he wants to tudy in school , but he would like to write 

another book on film . "It's a good feeling. and it's certainly a 
po sible career option at this point. Definitely, I do plan to 
continue writing and, in that sense. it's a great advantage. But it's 
funny. most of my friend from high school. their parents are in 
the [movie] business or they're ac tors or whatever, so it's a 
logical thing to do." 

Many authors have to wait for years before they get their first 
break. but Gro s is nonchalant about his youthful stan in the 
publishing industry. He is working currently on a collection of 
e say about college life. 

"[It contains] essays on our generation, what it's like to be in 
college. that son of thing. Certainly, there' s a lot of stuff that's 
been written on it lately." he says. 

And certainly it's a lot of fun. I mean, these I book) signings 
are the be t part. parlicularly meeting people my own age at 
college and stuff. It's intere 'ting, because I think a lot of young 
adults don't realize that they can get something published. they 
can do something like that. And hopefully. maybe I'll serve as. 
who knows, a role model or whatever and people wi II understand 
that it's something your can do. I mean. it's really not that hard." 
he says. 

WRITE FOR ~PE[TH[LE] Contact Features Editor Ben Freund. Call 534-5226, 

PECTACLE 3 

ADVENTURE: Students who 
participate in the Semester at Sea 
program learn more outside classroom 
Continued from page S1 
apartheid, "You realize how good it is in the U.S, and how hard 
it's going to be to change [for South Africa]," he ays. 

Senior Scott Arnold is also a veteran of the Semester at Sea 
program, though his voyage set sail in the fall of 1990 just as the 
Persian Gulf conflict was taking shape. Because of the emerging 
crisis. his ship was forced to bypass the planned Suez Canal route 
and head for the coast of Africa. During his trip. he could see 
naval warships off the coast of Malaysia. "I saw a lot of guys my 
age going to war. while we were going to play." he retlects. 

For Hendrick, the most memorable of the tour stopovers was 
his storybook stay in Egypt. where he and some friends rented 
horses to ride through the Sahard by the light of a full moon. Later, 
he climbed to the top of one of the pyramids to watch the sun rise 
over Cairo. He also enjoyed a John Denver concen in Bejing, 
where ticket price ranged from 2S cents to $3.00. Other memo-
rable moments included organizing 5.000 people in a Moscow 
stadium to put down their Pepsis and do the wave, and touring 
Taroko Gorge in Taiwan. which he describes as comparable to 
Yosemite National Park, only "10 times belter." 

The most enjoyable cities for Wilen were the ones he had no 
preconceived notions of before he arrived. like Istanbul. He also 
remembers Venezuela, where he saw Angel Falls. the tallest 
waterfall in the world. 

The cost of the Semester at Se,. ogram is about $ 12.000. but 
spending money can innate this figure by thousands more. 
"Money hould never he the reason for not going abroad," says 
OAP advisor Bill Clabby, who points out that work·study, 
scholarship and financial aid opporlunities are avai lable to stu-
dents for many of the various programs available through OAP. 

"Everyone should study in another country. You won 't under-
stand your own culture until you've lived in another one." says 
Clabby. 

STUDENT CONTACT LEIS SPECIAl. 
SlEARSUTC 

Daruoft D2T4 

. 8.5 X 11 • 201, white 
alJtoteed or seH serve 

2&1'1 OFF 

l:K One Heart One Way 

Dr. "'.y O.D. 
visloncare 

Serving 
LA JOllA 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 

OPTOMETRIC 
CENTER 

III 
• 

6780 Miramar Road 
2 miles east of 805 

(behind carl'$ Jr.) 

578·6796 
------T------I------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I Dilly ·S89 ........ I COMBO SET I 

I I I 
INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 

OC Science I btIItIM ... r...,IIII I $35.00 OFF I 
I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I B & L 04 I combo. Choose from I • Precision ground I select· f 

lenses S.V. I II'II ••• ~I'I I a arge 100 0 I 
I $9900 I $!!!!:: I fSr&meSandIensesOO I I I _'FIIIng'~ I 35 I 
I COMPLETE I ~~= __ In I OFF I L ______ l~~~~~~~ ______ ~ 

H ....... 
N .. york 
W ........ DC 
..... 
MaIcoCity 
LoIICIOil 
, ... 
~:~r.: :.~r;rf1j~CWl ~=~~: 
Stude" ."u.s 1liiy be roqLlrm . 

"". ..... ",.. .... 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Cmer (by the Post OffICe) 

451·0630 

PLEASE BABY PLEASE 
... __ ~ .. lntM 
•• 1'11_ ern 'ft .... 
~1$1n \lie StucIenI center. eul~ A. 

FIllEt l'." 
'IIIIIUIE 

·ineludet: eye examination. eonllclle", lininl. rollow-up viti l . Ir.inin," tare kit wflOlulion •• 
Offer nOI pod wilh '"1 olhtr .peeial. 

For appointments or information 
call the Optical Department at 

455·5795 or 
622·9365 

IT DOES T TAKE A BRAIN SURGEO TO 

ACE mE MCAT 
IT TillS A PRINCETON REVIEW STUD ENT 

A\"(,:, r~tgl' scorc ill CIt'lise of -iO perc(,l1/ile po iI/IS 
Actua l .lICAT I//(/Ieri(//s 

~() morl' than 15 sllle/el/Is per doss 
1 Fllff LeI/gill Diagn()Slic Tl:sts 
2 Hot/LeI/gill Diagn()stic TL'sIS 
S-I/ 'ed! colllpre/Jellsil 'e rel 'iell'of all thl: facts you 'lI 

J1L'ed 10 ael' the 1\1 CAT 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

695-9952 
THE PRINCETON REVIEW-WE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME 

-



) 

PECTACLE The UC D Guardian Monday, February 1, 1993 

HHENH 

Per onally, l thjnk they should. 
They are just in need of a job 
like everyone else, 0 they 
hould be able to get that 

opportunity, too. 

SHOULD GAYS 
BE ALLOWED IN 
THE MILITARY? 

I think if someone's gay, they 
know when someone else isn't, 
so thereshouldn'tbe any worry 
about whether the gay person 
will make a pass at them. 

llARRyE. 
Third College Sophomore 

Photos and Interview by 
JENNIFER V ANN 

SARAH NEMANIC 
Revelle Sophomore 

I think the military should be 
fa ir. Any person who ca n't 
handle Itr.:liningl i~ filt ered out. 
Anyone , ho can handle the 
(raining sh uld be all , ed t 
stay. 

CHUNGHO 
\ anrm ophomore 

It would be (he e thical rule to 
let (hem in. The s iologi al 
impac t wo uld res ult in 
offending the he te rosexual 
men the re. 

TEo S11EI..FEL 
\ arren ophomore 

BEING-FIT ® AEROBICS 

$20 per month on a monthly bosl$:No Initiation Fee (with this ad) 
• Free weights. Nautilus. Lifecydes • Stairmasters 

BEING FIT® 3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Clciremonl Square Shopping Center - near Lee Words. behind Famous Footwear 483-9294 
olso located near SOSU (698·1702) 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

bi.iiii 
Once you try chiropractic you ' ll 
never want to live without YOllr full 
health again! Dr. Schlu sel put 
health back in your life. 

• AlIto, work, and ports injllrie 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

1 trunk they should, but two 
gay people together cou ld 
create tension in the barracks, 
too. 

PHAEDRA GARCIA 
Fifth College Senior 

1 think gays should go 
wherever they want, and 1 
think we should get rid of the 
military altogether. 

SIAMAK MALEK 
Muirjunior 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE HOUSE 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Gounnet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Cappuccino 
• Danishes 

• Scones 

Uncte Nick says, "caffeine is braIn food, $0 get those 
. ,'" ".' .:, synapses &-blastin' over at our hooS:"-" 

Open 7am - 5pm ~f; 7 Days a Week ~T; 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court ;* Del Mar 

(corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

GISTERED UNDERGRADS AND POST DOC'S 
"COVER YOUR BOD" 

WITH 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
Student Premium - $159.00 
Spouse - $263.10 
Children - $179.00 

(per quarter) 

~ ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 


