
Elsewhere-
UCSBU ... Wute 
Water In Drought 
SANTA BARBARA-
Engineers at UCSB will begin 
u ing treated wa te water for 
landscaping this fall as pan of 
a Goleta Water District 
project designed to protect 
again t the potentially 
deva tating impact of future 
droughts. Construction is 
currently underway on a 
major pipeline to carry the 
recycled water. The pipeline 
will transfer waste water from 
the Goleta Sanitary District's 
treatment facility to UCSB as 
well as to several industries, 
parks and golf courses located 
in Goleta. 

According to UCSB 
Engineer Ron Strahl, the 
university installed additional 
pipelines last spring, and the 
use of reclaimed water will 
cost one- ixth of what UCSB 
pays for water now. Construc-
tion costs are being covered 
by a $20 million state loan. 

Graduate Student. 
Work To Form Union 
RIVERSIDE - Graduate 
students at UC Riverside 
interested in forming a union 
met last week at the first 
meeting of the Association of 
Graduate Student Employee . 
Roughly a dozen students 
gathered to discuss future goals 
and the po sible use of an 
information booth to collect 
petition ignatures in suppon of 
a union. Members agreed that 
forming a union i essential, 
even if UCR graduates don't 
have any immediate concerns. 

Amateur Radio Club 
Broadcasts Message 
SANTA BARBARA - A new 
amateur radio club at UCSB 
will strive to provide communi-
cation through a direct and 
noncommercialized medium. 
The club i made up of 25 
students, faculty and staff 
members who have amateur 
radio licen es. Amateur radio is 
u ed by some 400,000 people 
aero s the United States. 

LISTEN UP 
HIATUS: Music department 
pays tribute to innovative 
American composer. H1 

SPORTS: Women's tennis 
victorious in season opener 
against Point Lorna. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS .. .. •.••. ...•••..•..... 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES .. ...... .... 3 
OPINION •• .••.•.•......••. .. ...•..•.•.• 
HlATUS .. ... .. ............... ...... . Hl 
CLASSIF1EDS ...•. .......... ....... 12 
SPORTS ... ........... ...... .......... 16 

, 

UC SAN DIEGO 

UCB Seeks 
Court's Help 
For Survival 
GOVERNMENT: Burnett to ask 
courts for a temporary restraining 
order; Watson creates new board 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

Members of the University Center Board 
(UCB) are attempting to block the university's 
effons to disband the board and replace it with 
a new advisory body. 

Former members of the UCB are seeking a 
temporary restraining order from Superior 
Coun to prevent Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Jo eph Watson from 
disestabli hing the board. The board is cur-
rently earching for a source of funding to 
cover legal fee that will be incurred during the 
proceeding . 

"We' re working on [obtaining funds for the 
legal fees] ," former UCB Chair Chris Bumett 
said. "We 've asked a lot of people to help us 
out." 

According to Burnett, the board had hoped 
for the court' decision regarding the tempo-
rary restraining order by Wednesday, but the 
coun has not yet detennined a date for the 
hearing. 

Meanwhile, the admini tration i in the 
proce of assembling a new board, renamed 
the Vice Chancellor's Advisory Board on Uni-
versity Centers. Letters requesting representa-
tives and briefly outlining the role of the new 
board were sent to member organizations on 

See UCB, Page 2 

H E 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY II, 1993 V LUME 78, [ UE] 2 

THE SUN GOD~S FURY 

Dan McDowell/GuardIan 
As yet another winter storm soaked San Diego, not even the almighty Sun God could 
prevent the downing of a another eucalyptus tree on Sunday night. 

A.S. Unhappy with Provisions of Co-op Agreement 
CRISIS: Co-ops say negotiations are over; Holmes 
says the A.S. won't sign unless changes are made 

derstanding. which was drafted on 
Jan. 31, "allow a co-op, upon dis-
solution, to give its asset to an off-
campus unit or a sociation if regis-
tered student organization regula-
tions do not allow any campu. unit 
or student organization to have off· 
campus accounts." 

election. 
"We do not que tion the co-ops' 

control over where the as!.ets are 
distri buted on campus; only that 
students have a say if the assets that 
they have invested in over the last 
15 years are going to leave the UCSD 
campus entirely," wrote Holmes. 

By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

As the co-ops enter what many 
hope to be the final week of negotia-
tions, the A ociated Students has 
proposed several changes to the 
Memorandum of Understanding, the 
document that grants oversight of 
the co-ops to theA.S. and the Gradu-
ate Student Association (GSA). 

"Because our concerns at this 
point in the process are so [impor-
tant] for A.S. approval , failure to 

Almost There ... 
Petition to remove the RIMAe fee 
and stop construction falls just 
short. 
Total undergraduate enrollment: 
14.857 

Total signatures needed 

Total accepted 
signatures submitted· 

• Graduate students 
not counted 

resolve them may mean an agree-
ment without A.S. involvement ," 
wrote A.S. President Mike Holmes 
in a Feb. 3 letter to A.S. Attorney 
John Francis. 

In addition to numerous techni-
cal clarifications, the A.S. proposed 
change that addressed several other 
"substantial" matters. 

One change concerned the issue 
of co-op as ets in the event of the 
dissolution of a co-op. According to 
Holmes, the Memorandum of Un-

Holme ' letter proposes that a 
majority of tudents must vote in 
favor of co-op as ets leaving the 
UCSD campus for th is action to be 
permitted. If a dissolving co-op de-
sires to move its as ets off campus, 
the A.S. and the GSA would con-
duct and finance a special student 

According to General Store Co-
op member Randy Corpuz, the co-
ops were "concerned" about the pro-
posed change. " It takes the deci-
sion-making process away from the 
co-ops and gives it to the whole 
student body," aid Corpuz. "This is 

See C~PS, Page 8 

RIMAe Petition Drive Falls 100 Short 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

The petition drive to place a question regard-
ing the construction of the Recreational, Intra-
mural and Athletic Complex (RIMAC) on the 
spring ballot failed last week when organizers 
failed to collect enough signatures before the 
deadline. 

The petition drive began after the Associated 
Students rejected a proposal to question tudents 
whether they wanted to stop construction and 
"deassess" the $210 a year RIMAC fee on the 
ballot. Construction of the $34 million complex 

began in December. 
Although organizers were 100 names hon of 

the 2,228 signatures required to place the initia-
tive on the ballot when the deadline passed,lSO 
more signatures have since been submitted. 

Warren senior Ely Rabani , one of the lead 
organizers of the drive, said that the A.S. hould 
overlook the missed deadline. "My feeling is 
that, given that [the shortfall] is really just a 
technicality, the council should, if it has any 
integrity at all, reconsider and put [the question] 
on the ballot," he said. 

See PEnnoN, Page 3 



2 

What a long, strange trip it's been 
A 25-month history of University Center Board conflict: 

c:c==~- Dec. 2, 199i 
UCB passes resolution barring University Center Director Jim Carruthers 
from taking administrative action against any co-ops without the board's 
consent. Also reprimands Carruthers for past actions without UCB vote. 
Administration ignores resolution. 

Jan. 8, 1992 l~ 
Then·UCB Commissioner of Anance/Co-op and Enterprise 

Representative Chris Burnett introduces resolution to stop paying 
Carruthers. Carruthers maintains he Is not a UCB employee. 

C::' Jan. 15, 1992 
Pollee and university administrators seize General Store Co-op to gain 
access to financial records . Hours later, students retake the co-op and 
UCB Chair Molly McKay takes control of records until an agreement is 
reached. 

Jan.27,1992 :J 
UCB votes to stop paying Carruthers' salary. Administration ignores the 

resolution . Asst. Vice Chancellor of Student Programs and FaCilities Tom 
Tucker calls resolution "inappropriate and not within the board's 

advisory role .-
C ::::sa- Feb. 10, 1992 
UCB passes a resolution to allow co-ops free rent If administration acts 
against co-ops without UCB approval. It also renames the old Student 
Center the " Student Cooperative Center. - Administration Ignores both 
parts of the resolution. 

Mar. 2, 1992 ;:) 
UCB passes new charter to give itself complete power over space 

allocations and hiring/firing of its director. It also makes board positions 
elected rather than appointed by member groups. Administration 

refuses to approve the new charter. 
C' - April 6, 1992 
UCB passes a resolution creating a legal committee and asserting right 
to outside legal counsel. University General Counsel refutes the right to 
outside legal consel. 

April 27, 1992 = 
UCB retains attorney John Francis on a pro bono basis . He later 

terminates services due to financial constraints. 

r.: ==- No~16,1992 
UCB files lawsuit against university for access to University Center Fees 
to hire Independent legal counsel. Money for legal costs is loaned by 
the co-ops. 

Feb. 1, 1993 ..........:=::::=~. J 
UCB ammends lawsuit. Administration is given 30 days to respond to 

the court. 
c:: "'" Feb. 4, 1993 
University, acting on advice from the University General Counsel, 
"disestablishes" the UCB. Announces plans for new "advisory" board. 

DCB: Former 
Chair B umett eek 
rec training order 
Continued from page 1 
Wedncsday. according to Assbwnt 
Vice Chancellor or Student Pre-
gr..l1l1~ and Facilities Torn Tucker. 

Tucker said he hopes the new 
board will be able to meet by the 
tiN wed. in March. 

Ilowever. some memberorgani· 
zation~ indicated that they will not 
send representatives to the new 
board. 

At a meeting of fOnller U B 
mcmbers Monday night, represen· 
tatives from Muir. Third and Fifth 
Colleges said that Iheircollegecoun· 
eils were not likely to send repre· 
sentatives to the new board. 

Fifth College represent.Hive An· 
drew lark aid that he still feels 
obligated to do his job a~ a member 
qfthe UCB and feels the new board 
will not have much influence on 
university policy. 

"I think a future advisory board 
would be llbout as powerful as the 
Book~tore Advisory Board," Clark 
said. 

However, former Associated 

Rene Bruckner/ GlWdlan 
Students representative to the UCB 
Mark Rotenberg disagreed with 
Clark. He said that the boarers at· 
tempt toobtain lltempomry restrain· 
ing order is a ""ymbolic" a tion and 
win nOl stop the creation of a new 
board. 

Rotenburg said the ~lUdel1lS 
should recognize the authority of 
the new board and work with it 
rather than against it. 

"Our job right now ,L~ 'wdents is 
to make this new board as influen· 
tial as possible." he sa id. 

"TIle worst possible ti1ing thm can 
happen would be for the student to 
dwell on the disestablishment of the 
old UCB and ignore the establish-
ment of a new UCB." 

Warren College has already ap· 
pointed fonner UCB Vice Chair 
Aaron Goodman as interim repre· 
sentative to the new advisory board. 

Goodman. who did nOl attend 
the meeting. said he hopes that the 
colleges currently nOl sending rep· 
resentatives to Ihe advisory board 
will change their position so that all 
students will have a voice in the 
operation of the University Center. 

BumetlS<lid that thefonnerBoard 
will continue to meet every Mon· 
day, as previously scheduled. 

The U 0 Guardian Thursda • February II, 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

I uS"O 'Ttl 1l/o.1lO 'toI~ITlI-lG 
"'S<;t(,Nt.l.aI~ , IIIl r N.OW 

1 £tU::i'\ ll\~I'\ . 

...... 

1 ~HlI~O na.r 1\1£ 
PIlQ.I'O'\\: Of 'toIRIlI!\(' Ie; 
TO IN.>\Alt ~\(. log,S. 
~<\)~ \'COIl. ~<;oNII-lG, 
MID 11-\1\1811 Cl"'R,IT'/ . 

1'1', TIlI!S:>'" IHG 
I'\:.()I'L£ Off M'I 
TR,.,tl 'film 
OCCEl'ill/E 
FOOfP'itlt\\S . 

~I~ /0. \.ITTl£ PR",<:,T\CL 
~RITII'\G CAt-I ~ .l.t-I 

Il'\n~I\)"'1\I-\G MO 
tl4~Il8b.Q\£ I=~! 
'tU.1'-I r n> SE£ ~1 9:X)K 

RE.R>RI ~ 
\ 

SEE , t. ~£l!:'(OO£ W\\.L 
1\\~\(. rnES£ iRAC""> 'fI£RE 
MAllE \ri ;.. OO~: l£GG£\) 

• \(10 GoIt<G THAT WI.l A~O 
! 11lfXtL B£. C.QII.~l£lt.L'< 

--,r-- f 'fI~G.' 
I _~i~ 
~_=.;2=.!' ______ --, '--_______ .....J~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

'til¥:> £~"<:Tl 'I lOOK., IT 
\S QI-.l ~O\.IR \X)t.SI\T "IlRT 

i~"'ll ? n> 114.1([ 
I'Rtc"VT!ON'). 

UCSD 11th in Peace Corps Volunteers 
UCSD ranks 11th in the nation for the number of its 

alumni who become Peace Corps Volunteers, according 
to statistics just released by the Corps. 

According to Amoldo Resendez, Peace Corps area 
manager for Southern Califomia and Arizona, "UCSD 
consistently ranks near the top among universities in the 
number of volunteers it fosters.· 

In all, three San Diego universities ranked in the top 
100 for number of alumni volunteers. In addition to 
UCSD. San Diego State ranked 30th and the University 
of San Diego ranked 94th. 

Peace Corps Volunteers spend two years in one of94 
countries and typically retum with enhanced profes· 
sional and personal experience. Peace Corps require-
ments state that applicants must be U.S. citizens, in 
good health, at least 18 years old and have either a 
bachelor's degree or three to five years experience in 
specific skills such as math, agriculture or business. 

Recruiters and retumed Peace Corps Volunteers will 
be at UCSD today, Feb. 11 at the Price Center. They will 
explain the requirements and benefits gained by working 
overseas in regions such as Central Europe, Africa, Asia 
and Latin America. 

Further information is available by calling the Los 

Angeles Recruitment Office at 800-832.Q681, ext. 110, 
or by calling Career Services. 

Best Buddies Organization 
To Hold Valentine's Dance 

The Best Buddies Organization will be hosting its 
First Annual Best Buddies Valentine's Dance tonight. 
Feb. 11 from 5 . 8 p.m. in the Price Center Cove. 

Best Buddies is a non-profit organization which 
allows college students to meet and develop friendships 
with persons who are mildly to moderately retarded. 

Anthony Shriver originally set up the Best Buddies 
organization at Georgetown University in 1987, and it 
has since expanded to 111 chapters across the United 
States. 

The program lasts for one year, and members visit 
their buddy at least once every two weeks for museum 
outings, pizza parties or anything two friends enjoy doing 
together. 

Nine students from UCSD and USD have been 
matched with nine students from Clairemont High 
School's Special Education Department and will join 
with parents to celebrate this sem~formal affair. 

The Guardian 

, "- "' ... ..., •• _" •••. :I'w>~~"<{,.,."..,,j 
Today's surf: 2-4 ft . . 
Water temp: 59" 

Thurs: 63'/50' Fr': 63'/50" Sat: 64"/51" Yesterday: 62" /54" 
Source: National weather service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESB., Hiatus Editor 

ODIGN CONSULTANT: James Collier 
IUUITIIATORI: Mlcha Crol\. Tara Eoll. Nathan Ertln. Speed Farrt • • jennifer 
Han. Dominic 1.o001a .... Ian Lundlren. Aa~ano Munoz. Kalle Roe , '" sPOng 
DESl8NERI: Joel Arnold. WIlson Cheung. Cindy LIn . Marcus LobOla . CMstopher 
Lock 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: David Cho. SlOan DeO. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Mallllews, 

LO~ M~cnell . ChUCk NCuyen. Jennifer vann 
COl"{ R!ADIIIS: Michelle Chlan, . ... ron Miller. Jessie Springer. Mai-lan Tomsen 
TYPIST: nm Lin 

/lie OCSO~I$ PIdshed~ m ~dIIV'C te academiC)fil' II! lIIdtJr the SluderI.s 
01 OCSO. ~ 0I1JU _In iI'If loon. _ In _ or ~ par\. wiII"IOI4 pennlSSlon ~ 
5Uk1i'i ~ e l99l ill tWU _ Ihe OCSO ~ Is not IV$IIOfI$IIje tJr te ItIUn fA 
IIISOIIciIfd ~ or art. Ihe 14M eormItd In fIIiIia m sIpd loam or amTII!Itafn do not 
I'oI!C6SiI'IIy _ It'e Q!lInIons 01 /lie OCSO Gutrtf.rl. te l.WIoersil)- 01 C;ibria. 01 Ihe As5ooaI<d 
SIlodetCs. /lie LCiO ~ Is IInIed soleIf by acMRsIrc. ~ 01 )CIt """.!a!IUd Its. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADYDInSlHG ASSISTANT: Tara Eoll 
BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Aclvertislflll Manaeer 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Desp' 

Eo LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAA' WIIfTIIIS: Jenny G<ilang. Oan Krauss. Matthew Robinson. Breit 
Rhyne. Michael SChwatU. Sheryl Wolcott 
S~ElalneC8rruso. Kr1staCarpenter.AlberIGartbaldl.KlrstenHalYer$on. 

BlIIy~CMs_.MeIlSSllJacobs.Ga)eJohnson.R_Lee. WendyMcNelIi. 
Thefne Moore. MUflIII Moorl/1y. JUlie Pal<. Paul Phmlps, EIy~. Bleir Ridley. Kart! 
Saul. R~u Salena. AlexaJ. Shenn..,. Julie S/Iemlan. Karen Splep. Gre&oryS1ephens 

Editorial : 5340580. BusJness 01IIce: 534-3466. Fall: 534-7691 
UCSD Q".,."." 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 9~16 
Actu" ""'-lion: Second fIoo<. UCSO _ Center Bu,~ 'A' 

Thursday, Febnlary 11, 1993 The UCSD Guardian NEW 3 

Scripps Opens Center F ~r Marine Research A.S. MEETING NOTES 
BIOMEDICINE: New 
Program will work with 
local biotech ftnns 
By Randy Katzke 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's Scrip·p In titution of 
Oceanography (SIO)hasestablished 
a new Center for Marine Biotech· 
nology and Biomedicine that will 
investigate a brOftd range of areas 
related to biotechnology and ocean 
resources. 

Research Physiologist and Di· 
rector of the Scripp Marine Biol-
ogy Research Division Dr. Jeffrey 
Graham has been named acting di-
rector of the new research center. 

The center will provide a con· 
solidated research program with the 
potential for rapid progress in rna· 
rine biotechnological development 
application through close coopera· 
tion with Ihe biotechnology indus· 
try. 

According to Graham,thecenter 
was created with the hope of in· 
creasing the capacity todo research. 
He explained that with the recent 

PETITION: 
Signature drive fails, but 
organizers to continue 
Continued from page 1 

Rabani added that more people 
signed the R1MACpetition thanorigi-
nally voted for R1MACorvoted in the 
election for the current A.S. council. 

A.S. President Mike Holme, 
said however that whi le the A.S. 

cutbacks in the Defense Deparrment, 
Congre has identified marine bi-
ology research as an important part 
of an "economic and humanitarian" 
conversion plan. 

"A major desire of the Defen e 
Department is to hold onto monies 
and personnel. and switch warfare 
technology to a more beneficial 
humanitarian technology," he aid. 

The new center will draw upon 
research from Ihree UCS 0 campus 
department : Biology, Chemistry, 
and the UCSD School of Medicine. 
Research will also be conducted in 
several departments within SIO. 

The center will focus on subjects 
such as marine molecular biology, 
natural products chemi try, marine 
physiology, neurobiology, ecology 
and biological oceanography. 

According to SIO spokesperson 
Pat Fischer, many grant proposals 
were submitted for the new research 
center. " 

" Due to the downscaling in the 
Government's Defense Department, 
monies are becoming available for 
more biotechnology research," she 

can vote again on the placement of 
the question, theA.S. cannot accept 
the additional 150 signatures sub-
mitted after the deadline. 

"We can '( count them ... I would 
not be following the student consti· 
(ution," he said. 

Even with the question on the 
ballot , Rabani does not believe that 
a strong tudent protest would stop 
the con truction or the imposition 
of the fee. 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
IIC 1l'.Hf5 Master Mechanics I.!\ ~ exclusively VW and AUDI .-
9870 Miramar Road • 490-9494 

Air & Water Cooled, Maintenance Services· Air Conditioning, Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines· Gas & Diesel, Electrical, Clutches' Brakes, Valves 

Locaed In the Autopol1 Moll. Miramar 
Next Door to DIscount rife 

EXPIRES 3/20/93 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses ElIlcnded Soft Lenses 
B&L Sorl Spin B&L 10-1 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue. hazel & 
Parapenn 02 emerald. green 

...... ' ••• 1._1 S.rylc. 
• Q •• llty Ey.c.r. 

(Off., aplru JIIJf9JJ • ••••••• bl. Prlc •• 

CURIEMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemont Me a Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

said. She added that SIO leaders 
feellhat despile the increasing avail· 
ability of fund, obtaining gntnt · 
for increased biotechnology research 
remains important. 

In the pasl few decades, advances 
in biology have come from the de· 
velopment of modem techniques in 
molecular biology and genetics. 
Subsequently, many advances in 
research can be accredited 10 Ihe 
advent of powerful analytical in-
strumentation, creating much ex· 
citement among researchers. 

Recently , the marine environ-
ment has become the focus of the 
molecular biological approach. 
Research at the new center will at· 
tempt to genetically engineer ma-
rine products. novel marine pre-
cessing and the use of biological 
products in the treatment of ocean 
pollution and environment detoxi· 
fication. 

According to Fi cher, research· 
ers involved in the center foresee an 
enonnous potential for collabont· 
tiveresultsthat will include advances 
in the sciences and medicine. 

"The regents can build any build· 
ing they plea e. The question is ... 
do we as students pay for it?" he 
said. "Students hould be able to 
register a protest when the whole 
[RlMAe referendumJ proces was 
so flawed." 

Astudent vote opposing RIMAC 
would also help the ongoing courl 
case, filed in December, attempting 
10 force the university to deassess 
the$70perquarter fee. Rubani says. 

uca Dluolution - Several members of the former University Center 
Board came to the A.S. meeting last night to voice their opinions on Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joe Watson 's "disestablishment" of 
the UCB. Six of the 10 former UCB representatives spoke in the public input 
period of the meeting. including fonmer chair Chris Bumett. The Issue was 
discussed at length. 
Although there was no clear consensus on which of the five colleges had 
agreed to send representatives to the new board proposed by Watson, but 
it was agreed that the faculty and administration had agreed to send 
representatives. Much of the discussion turned to accusatory remarks 
between members of the UCB. Fonmer GSA representative to the A.S. Steve 
Dubb said that if the A.S. acknowledged Watson's action of dissolving the 
UCB by sending a representative to his proposed new board, it would be 
"setting a precedent for [its) own dissolution.· 
A.S. President Mike Holmes said he was "as shocked as many of the other 
students who spoke.· He said he is not convinced that the UCB is 
permanently disestablished and the proposed replacement board "is not 
the kind we want to see." Holmes added that he hopes the A.S. will support 
the UCB and the temporary restraining order that former UCB Chair Chris 
Bumett is planning to request from Superior Court. A.S. members also 
discussed the UCB in Council Caucus. 
Fifth College Junior Senator Michael Shelke said he doesn't agree with 
Watson's action, but that the UCB is in need of organizational changes if it 
is to be brought back. The council voted to send a representative to 
Watson's proposed board if the temporary restraining order is denied. 

CcHIp Negotiations - Steve Dubb appealed to the A.S. to stop its call for 
renegotiation on the co-op Memorandum of Understanding agreement. He 
said they were "jeopardizing the existence of the co-ops" with the action. 
Holmes, in his executive report, said that after following A.S. attomey John 
Francis ' suggestions on trying to locate all of the attorneys involved in the 
prior negotiations, response has been limited. "I feel there should be more 
of an effort on the behalf of both [the administration and the co-ops),· he 
said. He added that these are issues whIch still need to be negotiated. 

Appointments 
eSik·Na Park was named Public Relations Events Manager through the end 
of the 1992·93 academic year. 

- Complied by Elaine Camuso, Staff Wri ter ' 

csa ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P.M. to I :00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don 'f Walk A/olle! 

FIND APPAREL ZONE 
RIIUllIllIutcs 

Tirket~ 

Cars 

Bikes 

D~als 

Steals 

Ren tuls 

SterellS 

Surtbcmrds 

'\uto Rep:lir 

Sules 

.Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

B:lb.vsi ttcrs 

Computers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The Gllardiall 
Clas.~ifieds. 

What do 
YOII nel!d? 

1M ....... 
upstairs in the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

!Factory Out{et C{otfiing Stores 
J l ' S TIN TJ ~1 E '· 0 R V ALE :-..; TI ~a. I s DAY 

Clothing and Lingerie 
CLEARANCE 
40% -80% 
BELOW 

CATALOGUE 
PRICES 

from one of the 
mostfamous 

women's mail 
order catalogues 

WCATIONS: 
MIRAMAR 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

PACIFIC BEACH 
931 Garner 
483-5150 

SDSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460-4370 
ESCONDIDO 

Escondido Promenade 
737-6167 



EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guatt1ial1" publ,shed twiCe • week It tile Urwerslty 01 C8lrlomol. SaIl Dieao. Contents 
Cll99J. VteWS e.prHSed herelt'! represent the m't()fit)' \IOte of tne edltoIIlI beare. encl af. not 

nocouarily _ 01 the UC Board 01 R""", .. . \he ASUCSO. nor the onur. Guo"'''' Ita". 

Unlikely Requiem for the UCB 
The University Center Board's (UCB) recent history can be 

de cribed charitably as checkered. Past actions such as voting to 
rename the old Student Center and suspending University Cemer 
Director lim Carruther's salary have made the board look at times 
frivolous and ineffectual. Indeed, sometimes it seemed as if the UCB 
was concerned solely with confrontation with the administration. 
instead of passing resolutions in the best interest of students. A.S. 
President Mike Holme has aid that students in the A.S. council 
have been exploring way recently to reform the UCB. 

Yet Holme ,theA.S. and anyone with a modicum of decency and 
fairplay recognize that the administration' move to "disestablish" 
the UCB last week was an unacceptable. injudicious use of power. 

Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affair 10 eph Watson and 
UC Deputy General Counsel Gary Morrison may claim that the 
administration acted within the boundaries of university procedure, 
and to a certain extent. they are correct. The university can disband 
an advisory board at any time it wishes regardle of whether it 
con ist of students ornot. The problem with the UCB 's di solution. 
however, i the manner in which the admini tration acted. So what 
el e i new? 

The consequences are significant. Negotiations between the 
univer 'ity and the co-op are far from over- the agreement reached 
last week only resolved points of contention between the two ides. 
The co-ops and the administration have yet to sign any permanent 
settlement. However. part of the "Memorandum of Under. tanding" 
between the two side states that the university will agree to a t in 
good faith by not tampering wilh any significant pan of the tentative 
agreement. For all practical purposes, by dissolving the UCB - a 
body which the "Memorandum of Understanding" recognize as 
pan of the agreement - the administration in e sence violated the 
agreement before the ink was dry. If anything con litutes acting in 
bad faith. then the administration's action take the prize. 

Furthermore, the "disestablishment" of the UCB was a unilateral 
decision on the pan of Watson. 0 tudent leaders were consulted 
on a decision that directly impacts UCSD students. TIli arbitrary 
,uld reckless action sends out a clear message - when it come. to 

matter~ of imponance. student opinion just doesn't matter. 
With a law uit filed by UCB Chair'Chris Burnett and the board 

pending against the university. the administmtion's actions occur 
under suspicious circumstances. Disagree with the university. the 
administration seems to be saying, and you' II soon lind your-elf in 
the same boat as the UCB - disestablished. di enfranchi ed and 
wondering exactly what went wrong. 

At very least. the Watson and administration could have left the 
matter to be resolved in the couns. If the board is an administrntive 
advi ory board. as Watson claims, and not a policy-making body as 
Burnett argues. then he has nothing to worry about. It would settle 
once and for all who calls the shots with university center fees. 

But as sudden as the decision was, the closure of the UCB is 
hardly surprising. The administration is now famous for bungling 
whenever it is confronted by student groups that it con iders 10 be 
·'uppity." When push comes to shove, the admini tration wi ll bend, 
if not break. the rule to get what it wants. The co-op break-in last 
year is testimony to that. When the admini tration moved to shut 
down the UCB, the action became yet another entry into the 
ihglorious history of administrative abuses. 

Thumbs Down to the 
Clinton Administration ••• 

... for its long. fruitl e and. at times, cowardly search for an 
attorney general. At fll'Sl, Clinton called on Zoe Baird, an insurance 
lawyer with no criminal law experience, to fill the po 1. When 
Baird 's use of undocumemed dome tic servants came to light, she 
withdrew her name from consideration, even though the ethical 
transgressions of other Clinton appointees - Secretary of Com-
merce Ron Brown, for example - are far more serious. 

Clinton's second choice was 1udge Kimba Wood, a far more 
qualified candidate. However, when Clinton staffers found that she 
had a "Zoe Baird problem," they unceremoniously cast her by the 
wayside,even though Wood hadn't broken one law. After talking a 
mean game during the campaign, it appears that Clinton has checked 
his backbone at the Oval Office door. 

The UC D Guardian Thursday, February II , 1993 

PINION 
• 

PLAGIARISM~ PORNOGRAPHY AND 
MADONNA~S FALL FROM GRACE 

COMMENTARY: The many controversies SUITOW1ding the pop star's erotic book, 
Sex, raise questions about the roles of culture, race and ethnicity in entertainment 

, I used to be qui te a fan of Ma- any other way. So score one for the sexually oppressed. 
donna Like millions of other young Although I have nothing against this book, per se. I am 
women, I probably liked her more for skeptical of Madonna 's use of shock value. It reminds me of 
her image than for her music. a1- an article I read in Ms. magazine aboul women in the 
thoughshecansing.Sheistheepitome woTkplace. Ittalkedabouthowthemost"equality conscious" 
of feminine confidence: she's a ma- white woman socializes with everyone on an equal basis, and 
terial girl. someone who knows what assumes that every woman in that office is therefore equal. 
he wants from men. her money and Yet she is not aware of how she often still uses her privilege 

G\YE 
her life. It seemed to me that she as a white woman to access and master social space and 
represented many different people, hierarchy. 

JOHnSOn both in her song and in her perf 01'- Herhigher levelofiegitimacyst illaIlow hertodictatelhe mances. She is also a r------, manner and subject conversation, and most 
contemporary figure 
inwomen'ssexuality, 
ingingaboutexpress-

ing yourself and taking control of your own 
sexual image. But now I fear she has taken il 
too far. 

I had the privilege of seeing Madonna's 
book Sex a couple of month ago, and it's 
taken me about that long to get over it, first of 
all. and secondly, to make some sense out of 
it. Celebrating sexuality i one thing. but take 
a look at this book and you will see that this is 
something a little differenL To say that it 
borders pornography is a gift, I don't care if 
she says it's an. 

This is hot sex on a platter, as rap group A 
Tribe CaIled Quest would say. Madonna 
seems to have packaged it all up in a ringed 
metallic binder (it could almost be a personal 
photo album) and flung it out to the public as 
something to be ConSun1ed as sexual equality 
and liberation. 

Onecould easily argue that it's an art fann. 
in the sense that it is a celebration of sexuality. 
Everything is represented in this book. lesbi-
anism, gayness, bisexuality. heterosexuality 
and interracial selt have all found their way 
onto Madonna's agenda, and I might lKki, into 
her bed. There's even a dog in there, repre-
senting the animaI kingdom, I supose. So I 
have to give her crediI where credit is due. 

She succeeded in txinging all types of 
erOOcism onlo the same Ieve~ alleasl for the 
most part; if she didn'l dignify them, she at 

• had 
privilege of 
....... 

Madonna'. book 
Sex a couple of 
mot.II • .." .... 
H'.tak.-me 
aboutthatlcq 
to get over It, 
first of all, .... 
•• co.-.lyto 
llUlkesome 
..... outoflt. 
C .......... .. 
IUIIIIIIty Is one 
..... butblk •• 
look_this 
book ... you 
wll_ that this 
Is ........... 
little .. " .... 

of the time this will be on an unconscious 
level. She will never have to consider the 
dynamics of culture in conversation. 

Madonna epilomizes this in her use of 
shock value. I think her attempt to represent 
all people falls short in that he exploits 
mainly mainstream mediums of pUblicity. A 
conservative may ask why that is a problem 
if this representation is getting across to as 
many people as possible. 

Elvis "brought" marginal music to white 
audiences. That doesn 'l mean it was good. 
The black artists whose work he plagiarized 
refuse to credit him with making their music 
mainstream. 

We run into similar problems with Ma-
donna Many artists are coming forward 
whose work they say she used and dido't 
attribute. Coupled with this (along with the 
charges of being a shady businesswoman), 
her often questionable representation ofblack 
males in video has launched her into a solo 
career. 

There was a lot of conttoversy around her 
"LiIce A Prayer" video. The main thing was 
that she was dancing around half-naked in a 
church, and coming in a close second was that 
the man with her was African-American. 
What does it mean for a wtUre woman to 
mysticize a black man? 

A lot of people said herdisplay of iJtena-
cia! relations was ~ive. But how did 
we see him? FU'SI as a victim, then as a 
spiritual element. then as desiring 5elt from a 
white woman. In a church. no less. And an of least patronized heterosexuality as much as 

homoseltuality is patronized by the dominant mainstream. 
Sex makes no one way more legitimate or aa:eptable than 

this with her crooning in the background. "Like a child, you 
See MADONNA, Page 10 

Thursday. February 11 , 1993 

JUST WHAT 
ARE THEY 
AFRAID OF? 
COMMENTARY: Fear of a 
court ruling shows how weak 
the administration's stand is 
By Ely Rabanl 
Staff Writer 

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph 
Watson's attempt to disestablish the University 
Center Board (UCB) is as alanning as it is 
amusing. While it is not clear whether the initia-
tive started here or with Deputy General Coun-
sel Gary Monison in Oakland, there seem to be 
little measured consideration behind the move. 

We have all heard how students know noth-
ing about how things are done in the "real 
world" - my readers will recognize this as a 
frequent refrain. Once again. this adage applies. 
but more widely than ever. This time the 
administratiol/' s actions display that same ig-
TloraTla tel/fold. 

Due to authoritarian in tinct, divine right of 
regents. communication failure between here 
and Oakland, ineptitude or some combination 
thereof, the administration is trying to disband 
the UCB rather than deal wilh the issues raised 
by the lawsuit against the administration. 

And this is the most self-defeating aspect of 
their move: it's the same as a defendant hooting 
a plaintiff (to kill) while both are before a 
judge's bench. Most judges would find uch a 
display singularly suspicious, ancrrt is. 

We have heard the administration choru 
that the UCB is "merely advisory" time and 
again. There i historical and documentary evi-
dence to the contrary, and the adm ini tration' 
actions will force judicial inquiry into this. But 
if the administration is so COl/fidem. it shollid 
have welcomed rhe UCB's lawsll it. 

If the administrators are righ" ,heTl a coll rt 
would ratify what they have been saying all 
along. and students wouldn ' t have much ground 
on which to talk about student control of self· 
assessed fees. And they would get the precedent 
- uppity students at other University of Cali · 
fomia campuses would be put in their place by 
the same stroke. So why such a heavy-handed 
attempt when they have, by their argument. 
everything to gain? Ifadministrators were work-
ing as they would in the real world. they would 
have simply let the case proceed (more the 
better) and after winning, recover their legal 
costs from the UCB budget (they would win the 
power to do so). Their actions suggest fear of 
any conclusive ruling. 

The administration also strayed from the real 
world with its grievance against UCB Chair 
Chris Burnett. If the UCB was out of line in 
accepling legal funds from the United Coopera-
tive Association, why didn't the administration 
file a non-academic grievance against the chair 
or the whole of Ihe board? Why fabricate base-
less allegations of a break-in when Bumett was 
nowhere near the North Conference Room? 
Once again. it can only be because they are 
afraid that charges of conflict would not stand 
up to their own grievance procedure. 

lnstead. they have chosen to sick the Gang of 
Two and a Half (dissenting UCB members) on 
the rest of the board with the charge of"connict 
of interest." Once again. the sand-box dynamic 
of student govemment is in play. Administrator 
makes intimations.juniorbureaucratjumps into 
action. Machiavellian expediency at its most 
blatant: the administrator need not ju tify a 
single assertion, and students bash each other. 
Apparently, th is time it wasn't enough. 

But at least the Gang of Two and a Half are 
a little clearer on the concept than the adminis-
tration: if one of them is to be believed, they 
were going to file grievances alJeging conflict of 
inleresr - something the administration was 
too cowardly or confused 10 do. 

In his recommendation fordisestabli hment, 
Monison wrote that the UCB should be re-
placed "with an adv isory body which under-

See uca, Page 9 

The UCSD Guunliull OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: With Valentine's Day upon us, the time is right for some frank 
discus ion about life, love and why the writer hasn t had a date in almost a year. , . 

FOOTNOTES TO THE BOOK OF LOVE 

BEN 

BOYt:HUK 

Every year around thi 
time, I fmd myself drift-
ing into a hazy Slate of 
depression, a darIc funk. 
an unsett I ing queasiness. 
a creeping feeling ofemp-
tiness which often culmi-
nates with bad poetry, or. 
if l houldbeso lucky,an 
extendedswimintheever-
exoticSeaofGilbey'sand 
merciful unconsciousness 
thereafter. 

For a while. I ex-
plained this condilion as ,I 

result of the unusual climate this time of ye.1f. 
With the barometer rising and falling faster than 
Bill Clinton's approval ratings, I concluded that 
the physical uneasiness, the migraines. themuscle 
aches, the acute gastri ti , the back pasms. the 
sweats and the numbness could be blamed. in 
part. on low air pressure and sleep deprivation. 

But that doesn't account for the bad poetry 
and accompanying melancholia. Well, leep 
deprivation does cause one to do unu ual things, 
but it is a condition I endure year . round wi thout 
the urge to compose bad verse. 

There is but one fi nal explanation. and one 
which. considering my histOlY. [ readily accept: 
it's Valentine' Day. 

The Feast of SI. V a1enline - paO'On saint of 
pagan love gods. sappy greeting cards. bad poets 
and even worse musicians - is an annual holi-
day in which millions of loving couples make 
asses of themselves and profess, half- incerely. 
their mutual love and admimtion for one another. 
It is a day when. for some, the war between the 
sexes has a temporary cease-fire. For others of a 
more bitter sort, il is a day when homicide should 
be legal. Romance is born. spit is usually swapped 
and life returns to nonnal the next day. Cupid 
does his immemorial work. his narcotic-tipped 
shafts piercing his victims one day - their razor 
tipped shafts piercing each other the next. Biner 
experience has shown that,left untreated.Cupid's 
arrow often leads to gangrene. 

The game oflove is not an easy one. Men and 
women have spent their entire lives trying to 
decipher even the most basic rules. They are 
wasting their time. 

I have spent a large portion of my adolescence 
and early adult life doing just that above -
wasting time, contemptating the unfathomable. 

lying awake at night wondering who wrote the 
book oflove and. most importantly, where I can 
find him so I can beat him savagely. 

I concluded that I should have spent less time 
thinking about the ru les and more time playing 
the field Pursuing that route, I concluded that I 
should 'pend more time thinking ;tbout the rules 
and less time playing the field It'smucheasieron 
the psyche. 

I'll be itting out this year's feast of SI. 
Valentine. I must confess that the day has a dark 
place in my heart. Every two years or so. I curse 
my idle. monastic existence and convince myself 
that it is high time to find myself a young woman 
upon whom I might heap loads of affection and 
cash. ll1is biennial reinvigoration is often ac-
companied by an unusual foml of amnesia which 
wipes away the ugly memories of two years 
previous and fills my skull with happy images of 
flowers. walking barefoot on the beach. sma/my 
pet names and other unindulgcd fantasies. 

Inevitably I stumble across adelightful young 
woman who tolerates me for a shOit while txfore 
coming to her sell'>CS and dropping me for some-
one considerably more handsome and prel>um· 
ably much more interesting. Intense self-loathing 
and bittemess genemlly follows. replaced over 
lime by various stages of apathy, disgust, denial 
and more self- loathing. After a year and a half or 
so, I am ready for more punishment. 

Being a man is no easy thing. Being a gentle· 
man, however, is downright impossible. 

Getting a date. on the other hand, is easy. TIle 
mere act of a man asking a woman to dinner and 
a movie, or some similar non-threatening outing. 
is one of the simplest tasks in the world - even 
more simple, I would venture. than washing 
one's hands or hurling a baseball th rough a plate 
glass window. If done properly and with linle 
forewarning, the target of affection will be so 
taken aback. so utterly aghast by the proposition. 
that unless she is completely devoid of tact. she is 

bound to go along with :.cheme . 
Forging a relation~hip. however. is one of 

life's gre:ltest my~teries. Any bruti~h a.\S C,U} get 
a date. The trick is making the evening work. 
showing the lady a good time. convincing herth:tt 
you are worth her precious time. making her 
believe that you are not the dolt you really are. or 
at least demonstrating you are tolerJbly doltish. 

As to what that Dick entails. I haven't the 
slightest idea. Success h:1S been elusive. 

I learned early on that there is a right way and 
a wrong way to court a lady. Forexample, if a man 
wishes to never hear from a woman again. he can 
take severat easy steps. He would do well to 
dominate the conversation throughout the 
evening. He should babble on aimlessly about 
politics, or better still. sports. He should describe 
at length his past bitlerexperiences with women, 
how he has become sour on relationships in 
college. and how she reminds him so much of his 
cousin from Hackensack. New Jer.;ey - the one 
with the speech impediment and the cystic acne. 

He should avoid a.~king pointed questions, 
such as what she likes and dislikes. In fact , the less 
she says. the beuer. If he is t:wng her out to 
dinner. he should choose someplace fairly ordi-
nary ,!Od with a limited menu. He should order 
something messy, like ribs. and should not be 
afmid tobea vulgari:U1at the table. Honesty. after 
all, is the best policy. 

He should be arrogant. he should becr.t. ... ~and. 
if at all possible. he ~hould ~tick her with the 
check. In the liberated (and economically pre-
carious) '90s, she should have no qualm~ about 
sharing the burden of a night on the town. And if 
he should happen to walk her 10 her door. he 
should expect a goodnight ki,~ . becau~ that's 
what it's all about. 

The irony of this is that, in certain perverse 
cases. I have seen such behavior actually endear 
a woman to a man. Perhaps it i~ his audacity. 
Perhaps it is her own need to mother a distmught 
and misguided boy. Perhaps it is the sex. In any 
case, there :ue no rules. save those actually sct 
down in state and federJI law. and one man's 
barbarity is another man 's conqu~l. 

My mistakes. so far as I can detennine. h:lve 
been limited mo tly to ins of omission. People 
need attention. A friend of mine put it be t: 
"Women are like cars without fuel gauges. You 
need to keep them filled up constantly." This 
seemingly crude analogy contains an element of 

See VALENTINE, Page 10 

UCBCOMMENTARYWAS DOWNRIGHT ROTIEN 
Editor: 

lam writing in response to MarIe Rotenberg ' s 
denunciation of the University Center Board 
('The Demise of the UCB Was a Long Tune 
Coming," Feb. 8). In hisopinion article, Rotenberg 
made some serious errors offaet that I would like 
10 correct. 

First. neither the co-ops nor "campus 
progressi ves" sought to make the chair appointed 
by the board. This change occurred with the 
support of Paul Eykamp (hardly a campus radi-
cal), Nick Long (another conservative) and Joe 
Watson. 

Second, Rotenberg states that the "new re-
gime" of the UCB "set up cushy space agree-
ments with the co-ops." In fact, the co-op space 
agreements thar were violated by the adm inistt3-
tion in the General Store break· in were approved 
by the UCB led by Nick Long and Paul Eykamp 
in May 1991. 

Third, Rotenberg asserts that the United Co-
operative Association (UCA) was set up "to 
incorporate the co-ops into for-profit entities." 
This is simply incorrect; indeed, in the Memo-
randwnofUndersrandingtheco-opshaveagreed, 
as a condition oftheagrcement, thai they ftle for 
taX-exempt sratus. The co-ops are and have 
always been non-profit entities, 

Rotenberg is entitled to disagree with the 
decisions taken by the board. though I do take 
issue with his comments regarding the board' 

READERS' 

fORUM 
The Guardian welcomes letters and commentaries from ilS 
readers . Allierrers must tie no longer //Jan three pages. typed. 
double-spaced and signed. Letters should also contain a 
phone number. We reserve the rignt to edit lor length and 
clarity. Send all letcers to: 

competence. 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 9209J.{)316 

The board's accomplishments over the past 
two years are many - including the opening of 
a new pub, larger space for the Women's Re-
source Center and IFC-PanheIIenic, and a new, 
more visible location for the AS. Internship 
Office and Volunteer Connection. The board has 
also gotten the cameras previously aimed at the 
Price Center free peech area taken down and is 
currently undergoing a thorough budget review. 

~--------------- -

so as to better serve student needs. 
What I do object to, however. i Rotenberg' s 

loose attention to the facts. This is dangerous. 
particularly since Rotenberg argues that these 
"facts"ju tify the dissolution of the board. Noth· 
ing could be funher from the case. 

Today, the UCSD administrJtion dislikes the 
board's opinions. Tomorrow, itcould betheA.S. 
or some other tudent organization. If I were 
Mark. I wouldn't lake that threat so lightly. 

Steve Dubb 
Graduate Student Association 

Representative to the UCB 

Rotenberg Clarifies 
His Position on uca 
Editor: 

In my Feb. 8 article. '1l1e Demise of the 
UCB Was a Long Time Com i ng," I stated that 
the United Cooperative Association was "the 
umbrella organization created to incorpomte 
the co-ops into for-profit entities." 

Although the UCA is a for-profi t entity, 
and although Ihe co-ops "are for-profit organi-
zations" according to a January memorandum 
from Louie Cohen. the co-op • lawyer, it was 
presumptuous for me to assume thai this was 
the purpose for which the UCA wa~ created. I 
apologize for and regret the elTor. 

Mark Rotenberg 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Febnlary 11, 1993 

FINDING A NEW STRATEGY IN THE WAR ON DRUGS 
COMMENTARY: When 
you look at the economic 
and social ramifications, 
it is clear that the price is 
too high for America's 
current war on drugs 
By Ben lavine 
Staff Writer 

When George Bush finally left 
office, a barrage of criticism was lev-
eled at him concerning hi admin-
i tration' overall perfonnance. One 
surprising critiqueconcemed his lack-
luster record on the curbing of illicit 
drug use. Considering the amount of 
money Bush had budgeted to the Drug 
Enforcement Agency along with the 
Republican' well-renowned stance 
on crime fighting, any further 
c1apdown on American behavior 
would probably border along the lines 
of possible civil rights violations. 

It is possible that any president 
mayre on to involving themilitaryin 
. pecialcrime task forces or amend the 
Constitut ion 10 provide fore;lSier pros-
ecution of dmg-users. But are these 
options truly feasible and will they 
produce substantial results? 

America perceives itself as losing 
Ihe waron drugs, wh ich calls to ques-
lion whether we 'hou ld cuI our losses 
ilnd adopt altemat ive policies toward 
drug use. Argument~ have already 
been introduced toward advancing 
the legalization of dmgs. 

The problem lies in how we per-
ce ive drugs as mostly a social ill with-

out taking into account the economic 
factors that outline drug behavior. in 
other words, America's problem with 
drugs is not a problem that can be 
imply defl.lled and solved in black 

and white perspectives. It is more like 
an intricate puzzle where the solution 
lies in allowing human beings to pur-
sue their liberties. 

In 1989, economi t Milton 
Friedman wrote a lener to then dmg-
czar William Bennett outlining the 
pirfalls indrugenforcement. Theprob-
lem is demand , of course, but 
Friedman argues that it i more than 
that. He correlates America's failure 
to curb drug use to the prohibition of 
alcohol in the I 920s. Argument that 
were forwarded in uppon ofProhibi-
tion are similar to the criminalization 
of drug use. They were mostly in 
re ponse to the amount of social harm 
that was incurred through individual 
drug abuse. 

Yet, as we are now beginning to 
di cover, a typical re ponse to a pub-
lic problem without taking academic 
considerations into account will more 
than likely lead to failure. Economists 
have been arguing for years that curb-
ing industrial pollution can be more 
effective through carrot-and- tick 
approaches, such as tax credits and 
licensing on pollutants. rather than 
just through tandard fine for viola-
tion of Environmenlal Protection 
Agency ~tandard . 

Thi~ i~ not to s~ly that environmen-
tal standards aren 't useless, but the 

~ystem can more effectively encour-
age c mpanie~ to comply by adopt-

(1 c:;:::::" 
the .... zatIon 01 
....... wI.not 
nec •• 111Iy ...... It In 
• reduction of 
....... .., but wII 
lead to .. enoIIllOUS 
cIeer .... In the 
OV ..... social cost .. 
R.v ..... that Is lost 
In the W., a.ough 
lost Income on 
potential .xdse 
taxeson .......... 
In enforcement of 
drug laws, CaMI be 
conc6 .. bated into 
more effIcI.nt 
nNNmS. 
ing both approaches. In the end. the 
industry 's incentive to comply will be 
metat both ends through punishments 
and rewards. 

Thi i the ameapproachwemu t 
take toward the creation of drug poli-
cies. The real problem o(drug use can 

be best understood when certain eco-
nomic principles are applied to the 
root of its nature. 

Friedman argues that many drugs 
are price inelastic by nature, meaning 
that demand will not necessarily de-
crease when prices increase. This is 
because drug addicts will pay any 
price to fulfill their physical addic-
tions. 

This will inevitably result in a 
higher crime rate, sabotaging the pur-
poses of tough drug policies. Society 
will incur higher social costs because 
addicts will either resort to crime to 
meet their addiction or produce 
cheaper substances such as craclc, a 
drug that has only aggravated the 
problem by creating more addicts. 

In any event, the legalization of 
drugs will not necessarily result in a 
reduction of demand, but will lead to 
an enormous decrease in the overall 
social costs. 

Revenue that is lost in the war, 
through lost income on potential ex-
cise taxes on drugs and in enforce-
ment of drug laws, can be concen-
trated into more efticienr means. 

There will no doubt be heavy regu-
lations in the I icensing and sale to 
minors. But in tead of trying to stop 
outright the upply of drug • govern-
ments will have a stronger hand in 
re tricting the supply. If the nation 
were to adopt a national health care 
system patterned after the Oregon 
plan, the burden of treating addicts 
would not be funded by taxpayers. 

Another economic principle that 
can explain our failure in the drug war 

THE END OF FREEDOM 
IN AMERICA 

:!~iit · . 
.: ....... :Ul :::.:l ::1. 

T .. OIIJICT1V11M STUDY GAOlF 
AT UCSD 'III.NTI 

"EDUCA TIDN AND 
THE DESTRUCTION 
OF FREE SPEECH" 

A LlC1'UR1 IY 

JOHN RIDPATH 
On Noy I ~ , 199~ . OSG ~ pon .ored 8 l, ctur • • 1 IIC'SO by Geor, . Rt ismn, Pror. or or Eronomi< 

at P. pp. n lln. UniYH sity. Dr. R.isman'. ri,ht to Iree speech .-as .,jol.ted by on orgoni zrd use of 
dior up!iye Bnd inllmldalin, behavior 
,. In hI< lalk, Dr Ridpath " II I. address lhe lD eBoin K of -h,l hap ptn d I. l M. ; ddt nd free speer h. 
IrA< . the , al"" <f il. dr. tru , lion lo) posl Kanli aD phllooophir.1 trends • • nd explAin "hy , ludenls 
.,n' , " ll hn ul : ht'lr l lH/ wlt'd,e. bE- InI (· n pplt·d Bud \'H lIm1'Zed by lhelr so l'all ed " edu(' alors." 

Ju hn h ltlpath 1\ ·b..,nl" l ll l l' P ro(r~~()r or [ r onom H:' Hlid In lf' lI{"(.' tual ~h s t o ry at ) ark l nl \ f'Mdt.' In 
Tr\ rf'ln tn H, 'pt"" lsh/P!'! In Ih l' ns lurt> li nd tll "i lor,\ of r apd Ahs lH . indIVIdu al n~hh. and Iht' ro lf" of 
101 , .1' 11\ ~ ."l ... " " I'IIIZllion ()r Rid path .. a memb. r or lh. Roard of Adv,"ors of Ih. I)n R,lnd 
In. IIIIII •. 

Or. RIdpa th will answe r ques li ons from the a udience afler th e leclure. 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 8:00PM 
WARREN LECTURE HALL a001 

ADMISSION S3 IICIA UCSO ST&la.NTS 
no CHNaAL ADMISSION 

1 1\ k t' t .. OU IU'l l!' al t h e Pnce re n te r 80. OHlc r . or at the d o or 30 min befo rl" lb,. le cturf" 

OBJECTIVISM: THE PHILOSOPHY OP 

AYN RAND 
"ulldetl ~) 0 cuc 0 .. em~en Ind contr,butors; ' .. nde4 b, A lIC D; •• 01 

\I.Me posstwe II part .., 1IIl"'" .... IaslHwk 

... , .... : ... ;, .. : .. : .. ,: .. ,; ... : ... ; ... : ... 

l::-I~.·: :-.:"", .,.,..." ... : ... :." 
::::::l:·:.:::::::i·::I::·I::: ;:::;:::!:::I::· 

i the diminishing marginal returns 
on the amount of money America 
spends in enforcement. There is a 
strong correlation between the rise in 
drug use and in the higher allocation 
of money by the Reagan and Bush 
administrations toward enforcement. 

To uggest that the reason we are 
losing the war on drugs i because not 
enough money i being allocated may 
be incorrect. Drug enforcementdrives 
up the prices of drugs to a certain-
extent, but a bigger DEA budget may 
only drive the prices up a little higher 
with unsubstantial results. A higher 
price on drugs will not lead to lower 
demand, and supply would remain 
relatively unaffected. 

Drug dealers have been able to 
establish an invulnerable network of 
upply that can meet any demand, no 

matter how much feasible, realistic 
enforcement there is. 

We can educate and infonn mi-
nors about the dangers of drug use 
and we can implement heavy restric-
tions on tho e who do choose to use 
(hem. 

In the end, the only way to truly 
curb demand will be to leave the 
deci ion to the individual con umer. 
Con umers make the same decisions 
regarding cigarettes and alcohol , two 
sub ranees which produce addiction 
similar to those of drugs. 

Legalization may be viewed as an 
extreme approach to the drug prob-
lem, but it will only get worse when 
we continue (0 neglect the economic 
aspects that underlie the root of the 
problem. 

Thursday, February 11, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

RACISM IS ALIVE AND KICKING IN SOCIETY., As ARTICLE PROVES 
Editor: 

I am deepJy outraged and offended 
by Man Robinson's commentary "The 
Di solution of Debate" (Feb. 4). You 
allemptto give the impression thallhe 
United States is not a thoroughly rac-
i t society. Your only backup for this 
argument is that some vague and 
nameless public opinion polls how 
that Americans do not condone rac-
ism. I would not be surprised if these 
polls were Iaken of a predominantly 
white subject group whose members 
do not notice the racism in their daily 
actions because they are not its target . 

You go on to imply that, even if 
some Americans are still covertly rac-
ist, the fact that they do not find it 
socially acceptable to advocate racist 
views shows significant progress from 
pre-civil rights movement attitudes. 
This translates that it is acceptable to 
be covertly racist as long as one is 
politically correct, with respect torac-
ism, in the public eye. To me this does 
not constitute a major progressive 
change. It appears that because you 
are white, and therefore not a victim 
of racism, you do not notice its con-
tinual pervasiveness in American so-
ciety. 

In your bashing of "group-think," 
as you call discussion groups, you 
proclaim that "we" want a color-blind 
society. How dare you assume that 
we all want to live in a society that 
does not acknowledge people ' indi-
vidual heritage and culture? 

You funher trivialize the impor-
tance of peoples' backgrounds when 
you say that a person's race should be 
taken as every other characteristic of 
that person should be taken. The vio-

lence and continuing problems with 
racism have shown us that issues of 
race carmot be ignored; it carmot be 
regarded as just another "characteris-
tic" like long nails or hairstyle. 

Finally, you insist that combaning 
racism is nor a group issue. You say 
that we must depend on peoples' per-
onal responsibility and character to 

eliminate racism. While this is cer-
tainly very imponant, it alone is not 
enough. 

Most individual citizens will not 
take the initiative and take responsi-
bility to understand others' back-
ground . They will choose to live 
complacently in their safe, suburban 
world and forget racism exists. 

Furthermore, the idea of relying 
on an entire population of people to 
take personal responsibility of their 
own initiative is unrealistic. Do you 
think the officers who beat Rodney 
King took personal responsibility to 
understand his background? It is only 
through large group movements and 
group involvement that people are 
forced to examine themselves and 
their racist way . 

If you are so aware of your per-
sonal re pon ibility and character, 
why don't you use it to work toward 
something positive instead of de-
nouncing a group of people who are 
genuinely trying to confront racism? 

Sunny Sturges 

Cartoon was Poor 
Critique of Israel 
Editor: 

When we first saw the cartoon by 
AI Spong in the Feb. 4 Guardian, we 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
were disturbed by the characteriza-
tion of Israel as the aggressive pit-
bull, slobbering at the mouth, watch-
dog ofthe United States. After further 
consideration, we tried to figure out 
exactly what it was that the cai1oonis( 
was trying to convey. 

We feel that this cartoon warrants 
a greater understanding of the i ues 
involved. Many do not understand 
what Hamas (the group who e mem-
bers were deponed by Israel to leba-
non) is about, or, for that malter, what 
the relevant issues are behind the car-
toon. 

Hamas is a militant, fundamental-
ist Islamic group that envisions a pan-
Islamic state encompassing the entire 
Arab world, including the destruction 
of Israel. They are far more radical 
than the PLO and other mainstream 
Palestinian organizations. In recent 
months, Hamas has changed its tac-
tics from civil disturbances to violent 
attacks aimed at both lsraelis and 
Palestinian moderates supporting the 
peace proce s. Recently, the United 
States armounced that it was includ-
ing Hamas on the State Depanment' s 

Ii t of terrorist organizations. Hamns 
and their allied organizations, the 
Muslim Brotherhood and Islamic 
Jihad, are considered enemie of the 
state of many Arab countries, such as 
Egypt. 

The Pale tinians that were de-
poned by Israel into Lebanon were 
the brains behind Hamas and their 
violenr activities within Israel and the 
territories. The majority of those de-
poned are not poor, working-class 
people, but mther they are educated 
fundamentalist ideologues. 

The original deportation orders 
were only to last forrwo years at most, 
and each individual deponee had the 
option of appealing to the Israeli Su-
preme Court. The recentcompromi e 
reached between Prime Minister 
Rabin and Secretary of State Chrisro-
pher allowed 10 I of the deportees to 
return immediately and reduced the 
deportation order of tho e remaining 
to one year. 

Thecanoonimplies rhatthe United 
States would reward Israeli "aggres-
sion." The recent statements by Sec-
retary Chri topher are in no way a 
"reward;" on the contrary, they are a 
recognition ofIsrael's willingness to 
make concessions in hope of advanc-
ing the peace proce s. The intention 
of the U.S.-Israeli agreement wa an 
attempt to address the U.N. Security 
Council demands. It was an effon to 
avoid the need for the United States 
vetoing a possible Security Council 
resol ution call ing for sanctions against 
Israel. 

The issue of Security Council 
Resolution 799 calling for the repa-
triation of the Palestinian deponees 

by Israel is unprecedented. In the not-
too-distant past, Kuwait forcibly de-
poned 350,000 Pale tinians, simply 
because the PLO sided with Saddam 
Hussein. Where was U.N. action in 
this case? Additionally, why is there 
no mention of the violent actions and 
method of Hamas in the resolution? 

It is imponant to recognize the 
purpose behind the U.S.-Israeli com-
promise was an attempt to spark the 
stalled Middle East peace process. 
TIle PLO and Syria, for whom the 
peace negotiations are a very intimate 
and important proces ,have indicated 
the desire to get beyond the issue of 
the deponations and focus on what is 
most important in the region, the Arab-
Israeli talks. Shoul" not the Gllardiq.II 
editorial taff, then. people for whom 
the peace process is far removed, por-
tray a more realistic view of the is ues 
facing the region? 

Jerry Janoff 
AviRembaum 

I Want You ••. 

To Write For 
The Guardian 

TI calculators 
work harder. 

r----
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

----------------, 

2TANS$1* : 
One for you, one for a friend : 

130 Tan DaY5 $2999 1 I 
Wolff Beds • FaCial Tamers I I 

To help you work 
smarter. 

11-81 A powerful, yet easy,to, 
use graphics calculator. 

SALE $ 86.75 reduced 
from $90.95, while supplies last. 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Thf' UCSD Bookstore Electronics Department • 534,4320 
(lOURS: Mon, Fri, 8 am - 6 pm & Sat, 10 am' 5 pm 

I r 
'--------

50Ire ,..UIC ..... JIIIIIY ~ 
• 2M:lO ... ...,. ~.99(.oth "",-I 

----------------r------------------------, 
I LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS I 
: Guaranteed ... $48 $96 " /lost 11 inches. and my jeans : 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth ill " I I . Mindy. San Diego Lose at least 6" or you don't pay! 
I No exercIse or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. I 
I I 

PERFECT T "N I I GOLDEN TRINlGLE La Jolla P~ Lorna State College 
A55-0952 224 9727 697-8014 I 325~ Holiday Ct. ... - I 

aCr()!;5 5treet f rom EI Tonto Pacific Beach MI5510n Valley La Mesa 1 
~55~OO~ ____ ~8t-906~ __ 32~39~ ___ 697-80~ _~ 

Pacific Beach 

BREWHoUSE 
THURSDAY 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
ALL lO-oz. $100 
microbrewed 
beers 

SUNDAY 

COLLEGE PIZZA NIGHT 
ALL pizzas 
in !he Brewery 
Dining Room 

$500 
4475 Mission Blvd. 274 ALES 
comer of Mis:;ion & Gamet • 

SeaCoast Square • Free parking in rear 



8 NEW 

CO-OPS: A.S. 
has major concerns 
with agreement 
ContInued from page 1 
a big change from rthe Jan. 31) 
agreement." 

GSA representative Steve Dubb 
emphasized that the independence 
of the co-op i at slake. "The co-ops 
mu t have some sortofescapeclause 
or el e they 're in danger of losing 
their identity a a epa rate emity," 
he said. 

If the AS. were assured of the 
co-ops' assets, the association might 
have the financial incentive to shut 
them down, added Dubb. "The A.S. 
could always hold that over [u ) as 
a threat," he said. 

1l1eexistenceoftheescapeclause 
would make the co-ops more com-
fortable on campus and facilitate 
the co-ops ' goal of providing beller 
service to students, sa id Dubb. 

Anotherpointofcontention with 
the A.S. concerns the A.S.-GSA·s 
ability to review a co-op's Mudent 
organization status. In the current 
document, the terms stipulate that 
such an action requires a weighted 
two-thirds affirmative vote and "at 
least a majority of both LAS. and 
GSA]counci ls lOendAS .• mdGSA 
involvement with the co-op(s) in 
question." 

According to Holme , the A.S. is 
willing to concede to a two-thirds 
uffimlative vote, but not to a major-
ity of both the AS. and the GSA 

"The fact that a 2,879 student 
minority can veto a 14,857 student 
majority with a 'imple majority of 
its council is unacceptable to the 
AS .... he wrote. 

Dubb said the veto power is ne -

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

,. OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

"The fact that a 
2,879 student 
minority can veto a 
14,857 student 
majority with a 
simple majority of 
Its council Is 
unacceptable 
to the A.S." 

- Mike Holmes, 
Associated Students President. In a 

letter to A.S. Attorney John Francis 

essary to protect the GSA "We 
need to recognize the sovereignty of 
theGSA/t ' not justasub idiary of 
the A.S.," he aid. 

Dubb added that under the 
mernomndum ' current condit ions, 
the AS. could still pursue everal 
options after a negative GSA vote. 
According to Dubb, the A.S. could 
vote to revote, informally resolve 
the issue, file a grievance or even 
lobby the GSA to change their 
mi nds. "We' re not unreasonable 
people," he said. 

Dubb said the main issue in-
volves not so much the particulars 
ofthe A.S. proposals, but rather the 
fact that the A.S. is proposing 
changes to the memorandum at all. 

"We compromised. We came to 
an agreement that we weren ' I happy 
with, but that we could live with," 
he . aid. "Then, Lthe AS.] reversed 
themselves. To me, that 's bad faith 
negotiating." 

A Jan. 31 leller regarding the 
Memorandum of Understanding, 
which was signed by Holme~, Dubb 
and representatives from the ad-
ministration and the co-ops, reads, 

The UC D Guardian 

"Except for the technical changes 
that [the attorneys] believe neces-
sary, we agree that no amendments 
shall be made by any pany to the 
Agreement." 

Director of University Event 
Lynn Peterson the language used in 
the lener was "a Iinle strong," 

''Theintent was that we wouldn 't 
have to start all over and that we 
negotiated in good faith," he said. 
There are till important is ue that 
need to be resolved, she added. 

Holmes agreed wilh Peterson. 
"[The letter] sounds more narrow 
than we intended it," he said. "We 
negotiated in good faith to get past 
the deadline. It will be di appoint-
ing if people are going to be that 
bureaucratic. " 

Holme said that the letter was 
signed only to avoid missing the 
Jan. 31 deadline, but that the docu-
ment still needs to be finalized. He 
said he expects the other parties in-
volved to make their own proposed 
changes, adding that there hasn't 
been enough communication among 
the parties involved. 

Peterson mentioned that during 
the last two days of negotiations 
before the Jan. 3 1 deadline, no law-
yers were present dueto illness. "We 
could have done some real 
bonehead things," she said. "We just 
drew up a draft to get past the dead-
line. I think we're all saying, 'Yeah, 
the basic are all there, .. ' she said. 

However. Dubb said he under-
tood the situation differently. "The 

clear in tent with all panies was that 
there would be no ubstantive 
changes made," he explained. "Ifit 
was a negotialing point during the 
negotiation , it should not comeback 
to haunt us. This is precisely what 
we were trying toavoid.1fyoudon't 

"If It w ... 
negotiating point 
durlrcthe 
negotiations, It 
ahould not come 
back to haunt us. 
11I1s Is precisely 
what we were trying 
to avoid. If you 
don't draw the line, 
everything I. up for 
renegotiation. " 

- Steve Dubb, 
GSA Representative 

draw the line, everything is up for 
renegotiation," he said. 

Another is. ue of contention i 
the university 's decision to disband 
the University Center Board (UCB), 
which has traditionally been respon-
siblefornegotiatingthe pace agree-
ments with the co-ops. 

Peterson said she thinks that the 
dissolution of the UCB will not sig-
nificantly affect the negotiations. 
"Hopefully, [the dissolution] won't 
h.aveany relevance," she said. "The 

Thur day, February 11. 1993 

ues wasn't really included in the 
memorandum. " 

Dubbdi agreed,claimingthatthe 
dissolution of the UCB would have 
enormous consequences in the nego-
tiations. "l1le agreement can't be 
completed without the UCB, l1le 
UCB needs to be the signatory fort he 
master pace agreements," Dubb said. 

Peterson conceded that the ques-
tion of who signs the space agree-
ment is till a "loose end." 

According to Price Center Di-
rector Jim Carruthers the matter of 
who sign the master space agree-
ment is irrelevant until the Memo-
randum of Understanding is worked 
out. The UCB was nOI a pany 10 the 
memorandum, he added. 

Carruthers said that he and the 
advisory board that is replacing the 
UCB will sign future master pace 
agreements. 

In the meantime, the AS. can 
"doitshomework"forthesub-agree-
ments which are worked out be-
tween the AS. and each separate 
co-op ince the UCB has no in-
volvement in the e agreements, said 
Carruthers. 

"The sub-agreements can con-
tinue without any problem at all," he 
said. 

TENSION 
HEADACHE 
RESEARCH STUDY 
A research study comparing two well-eslablished pain 
medicines ts being conducled under Ihe dlrl'Ction of a 
UCSD faculty member. 

Q AUFlfD PART! IPANTS WIll. REcEIVE: 
• A free medical examination • Free medication 
• A free stopwatch and timer . A $50 payment 

II interested please call 297 -9 169 

HP calculators for 
Science and Engineering 

HP20S 
Scientific Calculator. 

HP42S 
Advanced Scien-
tific Calculator. 
The engineer's 
best bet for 
matrix math. 

II~~IY . Lilli A program library to solve your 
. . . DOMI .. LJI ~-- -=a;::;;;;; 

Hnw y, u U ke Pi= At Home 

I 2 I 2 I I -DEEP DISH I -LARGE PIZZAS I 
I ZZESTY PAN PIZZAS and I and I 
: GARDEN FRESH SALAD: A 6-PACK OF COKE™ : 
I FORONLY $1498 I FOR ONLY $1799 I 
I CALL US! plUJtu I CALL US! plust .. I 
I 4S2-UCSD I 4S2-UCSD I 
I UplO2 """*"'" on_ piuL 1I==r' I UplOa 1OIII*1gI .. -- pIua. lIE I I C/IoIco .. - ,""",,,. COupofo L. I CIIoIce"~", DIo4 CoIot. I ~NoI'-_..,. __ . · .....,1 ~~NoI_ ... ..,. . 
I ~dIIttery.,..to........ . .... M ... lJIw,., .. AlJk'"fW. I oIWoftw. UNIIddll¥wy .. .., 1 . ..... \.LIw"'r.wN'........ I drMng.Our dIM<a"""Y leta.... .... _ ~Our_cony 

120.00. EII*w 311 RI. 0.2 I leta _120.00. t'l*eO 311 RI. M 

-----------_ ... _----------

LJLSU 
(U.)(')k· .... c)nr-

challenging problems . 

Available at: 

HP32SII 
RPN Scientific Calculator, 
Solve application and 

formula evaluation, 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534-4320 

The UC D CURI'dian 

DEATH OF A SALESMAN- SORT OF 
SAlIHE: Whether it's 
slashing the budget or 
selling apples, Governor 
Pete WIlson always 
drives a hard bargain 
By Sam Halpem 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

I had reason to go to Sacramento 
the other day. A quarter mile down 
from the Governor's mansion, I spot-
ted a lightly-hunched, somewhat 
frail-looking man leaning against a 
rickety produce tand. As I drove 
closer I could make out the big red 
letters on hi apron: "SUPPORT 
YOUR LOCAL STATE - BUY 
AN APPLE$!." 

It had been a long drive from San 
Diego, and the apples looked good, so 
I pulled up. "Gimme two, buddy," r 
said. 

"Is that a University of California 
ID card in your wallet, sir?" he asked. 

"Yep," Ian wered, "!teach al UC 
San Diego." 

"That will be $37.28." 
"What?! The sign says $ I an apple! 

Who the hell do you think you are?" 
"Name's Wilson, Friends call me 

Pete." 
I stared at hi face, then a bottom-

less hole began gnawing through my 
gut. "Governor Wil on!" I gasped. 
"What are doing selling apples 3t a 
roadside stand?" 

"What the hell else am I going to 
sell? All the good stuff is Japanese . 
The Defense Department won't buy 
our guns, missiles or fighter planes 
anymore. Nobody's got ajob so they 
can 'I buy anything expensive. I gotta 

UCB: The UCSD 
administration lives in 
fear of student power 
ContInued from page 5 
stands and respects the necessary con-
ditions and limitation upon student 
panicipation in campus governance." 
Mark Rotenberg recently referred to 

...,., ..... WIIIaId" 1 

....... "What .. you 
doIIC Ie." 8l1li181 at a 
............ 1111" 
"What ........ goIIC to 
sal? AI the good stuff 
Is ""'ele" 
sell something to bring money into 
Sacramento. " 

"But. .. but, that's not my point. I 
mean, you're the governor. You can't 
sell apples at a roadside stand." 

"Actually, it's a pretty good deal 
as far as state employment goe . I 
mean to rouse the entrepreneur spirit 
in Californians. The new law I am 
proposing will allow me to keep 40 
percent of everything I sell. Apples 
are just a start. As soon as Michael 
Milken is out of the half-way house, 
we're going to do junk bonds. I'm 
working. What the hell are you blood 
suckers down at UC doing to help?" 

"Blood suckers?!" 
''That's right. You guys are in-

credible. None of you make anything 
worthwhile. If I could get Willie 
Brown to agree, I'd put UC on the 
market. Sucks up funds like mad and 
no product." 

this as "advisory control," which is 
precisely what is meant: a board that 
will complacently let the administra-
tion control the advice it gives, and 
which has no actual control of any-
thing. 

Considering we, as students, pay 
forthefacilitie inquestion, we should 
have decisive control - and the bod-
ies invited to participate in Dr. 

"What do you want to sell? Stu-
dent ? .. 

He was quiet for a few moment 
and I began to feel uneasy. "Gover-
nor? Governor Wilson?" 

"How much do you think we could 
gel forthefreshmen?" he finally asked. 

"Governor Wilson!'" 
"See, there you go, criticizing be-

fore you even hear the proposal. I 
wouldn't actually sell anybody. 
Maybe give a tax credit. We need 
jobs, jobs, job . You bums down at 
UCdon'tdoanything but carp. FOl1u-
nately, we have real men and women 
to pull us out of this hole. Dick Nixon 
called me about a plan for California 
to sell Japan time shares in Seattle. It 
was cooking, too. How wa I to know 
the little son-of-a-bitch didn 't own 
Seattle? But, that's Dick, always cre-
ative. You gotta love him. Nan y 
Reagan is donating all the income 
she's getting from a Barbara Walters 
interview. I understand she's agreed 
to actually touch one of her kids on 
camera. Everybody' sacrificing, ex-
cept you guy." 

The telephone rang under the 
counter and the governor picked it up. 
"Yeah, thisisGovemorWil on. Ye.1h, 
we make cruise missiles. Why, you 
slime bag, what kind of a man ... how 
much?! Well, hell, Saddam, I don't 
see why we can't explore a few av-
enues ..... 

"Governor Wilson!" 
"Excu eme,Saddam.Doc,doyou 

mind? This is the first non-Califomia 
customer in days. Be a good guy and 
head on back to class. And, oh yeah. 
Doc, bounce that freshman idea off 
Atkinson and have him get back to 
me, will ya?" 

Walon ' "Advisory Board" should 
instead assert this stand. Morrison's 
advice shows that there is no compro-
mise. 

It appears that the administmtion 
proceeded in these matters with all 
the clear-headed ness of a frightened, 
rabid pit-bull. Butthey won't be nearly 
as effective. The UCS - or rather, 
something stronger - will be back. 

I NEVER THOUGI-IT I WOULD BE RUNNING around with a group 
of five year olds playing Duck, Duck, Goose in a classroom in the 
heart of the South Bronx, and I never thought I would be chaperoning 
a high school dance in Arkansas, and I never thought that anything 
could be this challenging or rewarding or frustrating or incredible .. .. 

UNTIL SOMETHJNG INSIDE OF ME STIRRED and I asked myself 
that if I didn't like what I saw in the world around me what was I 
going to do to change it? 

TEACH FOR AMERICA 
STILL HAS INTERVIEW 

SPACE AVAILABLE 

APPLICATION DEADLINE 
MARCH 1,1993 

See your career office firSL for applications. If they are nOl available call 1-800-832-1230. 
If you have applied by the January 15, 1993 you have been guarameed an interview and 
hould have received notification in the mail. 

OPINION 9 

lUWIR "iCURUS \ ~\BIU 

SUGAR QUICKSAND 
Quicksand 

" sl, P 
, . ~ . t 
t~~; 

11,99 CD 7,99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
STAR CLUB STEREO MC'S 

11 .99CD 7,99CS 
YOUNG DISCIPLES 

11 .99 CD 7.99 CS 

EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
I.L CA,ION 
1M tr...,..." ....... IIJ"I .. _ '" _ .. _ ..... _, .... 

"-II "''a' I SttO"Ta " .... H... I cO\..UQI. AfI .. ,\ ----------I ............ _..... _tIL .. ..., ,.....--"'-~ .-=~, .'tln_U11 _., .. "" . ~~ '10<10 '"1 .. ...--'11 tl't,ml'~ ... CORIII. ..,_,." .;11 
__ II ,., •• ,., ... ~ 

TAKE YOUR 
""ALLET OFF THE 

ENDANGERED 
SPECIES LIST! M' K I I fo rmerly .. ~ oa a 5 FROZEN YOGURT P£IIglI ;" 'S .t'~ ~ 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 452.0524 

OZEN YOG\) belWt'tII Blockbllster and Antholly's 

r----------------~, I Koala's ~ I Butterfinger I FREE I 
: Glace 4? : ~l:Ze~I!.!: ;~~~~~~ : 
I Just 10 ca lOries I flavor you I a.ny small I per oUllce! I choose I medIum, or large 
I Only wilh this coupon. • I Not v.lid wUh any olher offer. I Nol v.thd with any Olhet offC't~ Noc valid With any otlltt olle1', 

One per penon. EJo p. l/1JJ/ 93. One p"r pmon. E'pl/28/93. One p"r p"""rl. FAp. l / 18/9). 

----------- -----



100PlNION 

SMOG $13* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state urt. 

TUNE UP* 
$204-cYI. 

Japanese cars only. IncIucIM _ 
II*k tJkCS, set tJmIrnC, .cope 
...,.., under IIOod c:Mclc. 
Van • • 8- pI\C .,...,. • • platinum ""'" oro •. 

from 
Brake Special * $60 
CaD Auto Care 
Mon.oFri. 78111-6 pm, SM. 8-5 
6660 Miramar Rd., aulte C 

(behind Gooct,ear, 
s.n OieCo, CA 92121 
(811) 558-2436 

• most ce,s 

SPERM 
DONORS 

Healthy, qualified men 
ages 1 B - 35 can earn extra 

cash by participation in a 
respected donor program. 

For complete information 
call (619) 265-2407 

THE FERTILITY CENTEI1 
OF CALIFORNIA 

God's Promises 
are Forever! 

The UCSD Guardian 

Golden Triangle 
EVERYDAY SPECIAL 

Canon Colour Lazer Copies 
77C!: 

No minimum • 8 1/2" x 11" • Self-serve • Cash and carry 
ONE DAY 

Enlargements to 24" x 36" 
Mounting & Laminating 

Black & White Xerox copies 81/2" x 11" 
only 4e 
546-0088 

6865 Flanders Drive #A 
In the Golden Triangle 

S unUner ded ~i'it~ricD 
t1l Mexico, Ecuador, Paraguay, 

Work 
Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Brazil 

• Share • Live • Learn 
You can have a summer full of adven-
ture and personal growth while im-
proving health for people of Latin 
America ... 

Write or call: 
Amigos de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
Houston, Texas 77057 
800/231-7796 Volunteer! 

Application deadline: 
March 1,93' 

Gender and Class: Friday, February 12, 1993 7 p.m., Auditorium, Graduate School 
International Relations and ' 
Pacific Studies Family and/or Profession? 

Barbara Ehrenreich 
Social activist and author of The 
Worst Years of Our Uves: Irreverent 
Notes from a Decade of Greed. 

A free public event 
presented by 

Come hear two 
perspectives on 

how the 
dilemmas of 

race, class and 
gender can be 

reconciled. 
Elizabeth Martinez 

Civil rights activist and author of 
Viva La Raza: The Story of the 

Mexican-American People. 

Thursday, Fehnlsry II , 1993 

MADONNA: 
The Material Girl may 
have gone too far 
ContInued from pe&e 4 
whisper soI\Iy to me. ... You're in con-
trol. just like a child. ... " 

The whole thing is probIema1ic be-
cause it perpetuaIes the "earthiness" of 
African-Americans. a kind of natural-
ness which has proven insidious in the 
development of stereotypes. Not to 
mention thar this mall was nowhere 
near childhood. 

The recent treakup of Madonna's 
band and dancers Oller her alleged pla-
giarism and shady business dealings 
comes as no surprise to me, either. This 
is something that she had coming. Five 
minutes of watching her dance and sing 
tells yOll thar she, like just about every 
ocher enlettainer in the business. has 
approprialed much of the hip hopstyte 
and dance into her perfonnances. Ele-
ments of house, rap and hip hop are 
prevalent in her choice of rhytlun and 
choreogr.iphy. 

The sporadic movements you see 
used by bands like the B-52s and the 
Red Hot Chili Peppers have their roots 
in breakdancing and hip hop. So Ma-
donna dido'l give credil where credit 
was due,just like many other entertain-
ers. BUI I still listen 10 her music. 

I'm never happy with anyone's 
downfall. But 1 hopethar what herdanc-
ers did by calling her on her plagiarism 
and greed - not uncommon to most 
enlertainers - is 10 set an example for 
future white perfooners.lf you're going 
to use someone's sruff - be it music or 
ideas - at least represenlthem in some 
Iypeofpositive light. do lhemjusticefor 
their contributions. 

VALENTINE: 
Cupid makes me cross 
ContInued from paee S 
truth treading onsheergenius.A woman 
needs to Irnow hermanisthinking about 
her when he is not in the room. This is a 
rather unfortunate failing of mine. The 
problem is not forgetting. but neglect-
ing to show that I remember. 

Men must realize that in all maners 
of amour, the woman has the upper 
hand. H.L. Mencken once wrote,"A 
man 's women folk:, whatever their out-
ward show of respect for his authority, 
always regard him secretly as an ass. 
and with something akin to pity." I have 
no doulx this is true. Men are. by their 
very nature, winish, lazy, obsessed with 
the trivial. predisposed to lechery, given 
to natulence and overcome by ego. 

Women, on theotherhand,are level-
headed and possess a cool sense of 
realism. They Irnow when a man is lying 
to them, or lind out sooner or Ialer. They 
Irnow what they want, and they Irnow 
how get it - and they usually do. For 
this reason, a man can never really win 
the heart of a woman unless she wants 
her heart to be won. He can poke, hecan 
prod. and he can posture. But all the 
begging and groveling in the world can 
never get her to Jove him if she has her 
mind made up. 

There is nothing more pathetic to a 
man than watching his brother beg. 
Within their own circles, men spend a 
great deal of time deriding theirbrethren 
for their apparent submission, laughing 
at the poorsapforaUowing himself to be 
"whipped" But each Imows all too well 
thai he would gladly wear holes in his 
tongue licking the sidewalk: clean thar 
the love of his life might not needlessly 
dirty the soles of her shoes. 

Such are men, pitiful beasts that they 
are, envious of one aoother, wallowing 
in their own self pity, feeling all the 
weight of the world on their incapable 
shoulders. That the love of a woman is 
enough to pacify their raging. tImId-
bare souls is a WOtdws thing indeed. 

Thur day, February 11, ]993 

ARf 

lIT 
Bring on the 
Ottawa Senators 

Seven men. brought together by a 
cruel twist of fale, struggle to survive in a 
heroic battle against all odds. No, this 
isn't a promo for Alive 1/: Another 
Helping. This is the hear1wanning, 
inspirational story of perhaps the greatest 
hockey ream of all time - The Monkey 
Boys. 

II all stalted a few days ago. Intrepid 
Phil called me into his offtce. "Root!" he 
yelled. 

"What's up, Skip?" 1 replied 
"I'm thinking about making a 

comeback," he said 
It took all of my strength to suppress 

my laughter. Gathering my composw-e, J 
offered Phil my candid opinion of his 
plan. 

"You must be out of your mind." 
"Listen, sports boy, I'm deadly 

serious," he snapped "The commis-
sioner just called. The league has 
awarded a franchise to DanviUe. I'm 
going to be the player-<:oach of the 
Danville Oaks, and dammit, we're going 
to win the Stanley Cup!" 

Intrepid Phil's achievements were 
well chronicled in the annals of 
professional hockey. As a brash, 18· 
year-old rookie goaltender, Intrepid Phil 
gamered Rookie of the Year honors, 
simultaneously leading the league in 
penalty minutes and goals-against-
average. Phil fmished second in the 
MVP balloting to Rody A1var of the 
Kings. 

Yet Phil paid a dear price for fame. 
What started out as an innocent head 
cold turned into a NyQuiJ addiction. As 
he slid deeper and deeper into his private 
hell, hockey turned its back on Intrepid 
Phil. 

B 1ackballed from the spott. Phil 
delved into the world of professional 
wrestling. Posting an undefeated record 
as "MereUI)' Michaels," the defrocked 
NHL star became the darling of the 
WWF. Yet again the tonnented 
Michaels wore out his welcome, 
banished for betting on cockfighting. 
Faster than you can say "Mike Tyson," 
the reign of a sports legend came to a 
tragic end. 

"I haven't worn a pair of skates in 
two years." Phil explained. "Goua get 
bacIc in shape, so I'm forming an 1M 
team, the Monlcey Boys, and you'll be 
my staIting left-winger," 

"When do we play?" I asked 
"Saturday morning, eight o'clock 

sharp," 
My jaw dropped to the floor. "Eight 

o'clock! You can count me out!" 
"Quit yer bellyaching, Root. Most 

team never even show up, so we'll 
probably win by default Just be there," 
he said. Foolishly, I agreed to play. 

Keeping my word. I rolled out of 
bed on Saturday morning, ate a couple of 
powdered mini-<ionuts, downed a swig 
of Gatorade and headed for the car. 

By 7:45,1 was in the rec gym, suiting up 
for the big game. I must admit, I was a bit 
awestruck by the talent Intrepid Phil had so 

See NYQUIL, Page 14 

The UCSO Guardian PORTS II 

Robyn Inaba, UCSD's number~ sIngles player, leads the Tritons as they begin their quest for the natIonal championship. 

UCSD Repels Crusaders 
W. lENNIS: Tritons victorious in 
1993 season opener at PLNC 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's tennis leam, playing with-
out two of its top-three singles players, opened the 
1993 season with a 6-3 victory over cross-town rival 
PointLoma Nazarene College on Tuesday afternoon. 

The Tritons, seeking to improve on IIISt year's 
number- three national ranking, lost only one match 

in singles play. The lone 
defeal came at number~ 
singles. as Diane OlandIcr, 
subbing fa the ill Robyn 
lnaba, lost in straight sees 10 
Monica CIMcy, 6-2, 6-0. 

In nwnber-two singles, 
freshman Miki KuroIc.awa 
needed three sets to post 
victory, defeating PLNC's 
Juliette Dimmette, 6-7, 7.fl, 
6-3, in a marathon. two-
and-a-half hour match. 
"Moo had a great win," 
UCSD Head Coach Liz 

LaPlante said. "It was good for her to have a match 
like that. a match that helped her work on herconcen· 
tration." 

UCSO's Yumi TakemotoovelWhelmed theCru-
saders' Nicky Walker, administering the "double 
bagel" in a 6-0, 6-0 rout. Takemoto was more than an 
adequate replacement for UCSD's Carla Nicholas. 
"Yumi did a great job at number three. Ordinarily, 
she's at nwnber five, but Carla, our number three, 
couldn 't play because of lab," LaPlante said 

DIane Chandler will play singles for UCSD. 
The Tritons' Birdie Gessford had little trouble at 

the number four slot, dropping only one game to 
Kristina Clark. in a straight-sets, 6-1, 6-0 victory. 

It wasthesame 
old story at nWll-
berfivesingles for 
UCSD, as Annie 
Hoecker ham-
mered PLNC's 

The Scoreboard 
UCSD 6 

PLNC 3 

Esther O'Brian, 6-0, 6-2. The trio of Takemoto, 
Gessford and Hoecker completely dismantled their 
PLNC counterparts, winning 36 games and losing 
only three. 

Senior Amy Ning battled Laura Burroughs for 
See W. TENNIS, Page 14 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
SOF1BAU: The Tritons will try 
to improve on last season's effort, 

except they'll have to do it the 
hard way. There are only 11 

players current.ly on the roster, 
only one of them a senior. 

Nevertheless, UCSD rookie Head 
Coach Patricia Gerckens is 
excited about the upcoming 
season for her young team. 

"We're definitely geared for the 
postseason," Gerckens said. 

...... 14 

The Hllalllt. MatdIIp: a ..... VI. Soutt.m C8IIbnIa College, Saturday at noon, b.label diamond. 
mIII._ 2 p.m., Muir ..... C8IItt. Men's b8aketball at Menlo, ftidatt lOCI at Dominican, SIturday. Men', ~ It La Verne, FrIday. 

: .' < • foinI LImI. FdIIIrI. 
. "1._. . , 



" 

Thursday, F.· hruary 11 , 1993 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
This week is AXn's 'Have a Heart 
Week: Please come donate canned 
lood, clothing, etc. at our Price Center 
booth Irom 219 to 2111 (11 a.m . . 2 
p.m.). All of the donallons will benefit 
the Shelter lor Women of Domestic 
Violence. (218·211 1) 

The Student Center now has recy· 
cling bins in its parking lot. Bins for 
cardboard . clear and colored glass. 
aluminum, newspapers, white paper, 
magazines, and phone books. It is 
very important to prevent contamina-
tion in these bins. so please make 
sure that only the proper waste is 
deposited I Thank you for your coop' 
eration. (214·2116) 

Do you need an on·campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587 . 7911 . (1/4·613) 

The e 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece ion-bu ting bargain, 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 45O·3323 
Fairmalr's .... ................. 222·0220 
La Sandale ........... ........ 488·1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Plzza .................. .455·0662 
Domlno's . . ... 452·UCSD 
Callahan's Pub ............. 578·7692 

UCSD AUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Roben's ..... .... .. ........ 275·1132 
Tom's Master Meeh ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587·4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Atlitudes ........... 457·3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH & mNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534·4279 
Being Fit .. .... ............... .. 463·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535·1379 
Trim & Tan .................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558·3490 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSical Eye ...... ........... 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolla ... ........... 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5658 
Sears Optical ................. 455·5795 
Vision Care .................. 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
CounCil Travel ... .......... 452·0630 
UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .................... 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ................. .457·1007 
Kinko'S ......................... 457 ·3775 
In & Out Repro ... .......... 546·0068 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455·1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456·4646 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co . ... .452·BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274·ALES 
Torrey's ........................ 587·1414 
Vol leybar & Gnll ........... 270·7860 
UCSD ETC. 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1733 
Name of the Game (Comal 274·GAME 
St. Germain's .. ............. 455·1414 

The U D Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold ill IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
tudents (for personal use only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment in 

advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guarclian) or pre ented in person, Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
allY advertising in hiding but not limited to companionship ads. For more infannation 
caIJS34-S416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Ciassijieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jo/la, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Studem Center A, top floor. 

Want to work with kids? Come to 
A.SK (Active Students for Kids) info 
night Feb. 17, 7 p.m .. Price Center 
Cove. For more info call Volunteer 
Connection, 534·1414. (214·2116) 

S.EAC. and NAKED EARTH PRO-
DUCTIONS presents : ECO, 
GROOVE AT THE PUB with 
ECODISC recording artists NAKED 
EARTH. Saturday February 20th at 8 
p.m. Tickets are $3, available at the 
UCSD Box Office. (2/8·2118) 

BUSHGATE: FROM THE INSIDERS. 
Not printed in the LA Times. not in the 
Washington Post. Hear Daniel 
Sheenan. attorney who won the 
Karen Silkwood case. Torrey Pines 
Inn. Coming March 12. Keep watch · 
ing. (218·2111) 

' Education and the destruction of 
free speech," a lecture by John 
Ridpath. sponsored by the Objec-
tivism Study Group, Wednesday 
February 17. 8:00 p.m. WLH 2001 . 
$3/students. $10/general. Tickets 
on sale at PC Box Office. or at the 
door. (2/ 11 ) 

See's Candy sale. P.C. 11 ·3 P m. 21 
8-2112 . Support UCSD Lacrosse 
team We match See's prices!!1 
Cheap! (2111 ) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $500-$1 ,000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. For details - RUSH $1 
with SASE to: GROUP FIVE, 57 
Greentree Drive, Suite 307, Dover, 
DE 19901 . (1 /4-2116) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPS. Most positions filed by 
Feb. Gain val. expo managing 6·8 
erTllfoyees, a.JStomers, and ~. 
Avg. earrings 6-16,000+. Cal "Uriversity 
Pai1ting Pros. ' Infol;wl. CAll. 8()0.525-
5877. (117-3129) 

EXCEllENT EXffiA tKX>ME NOW! 
ENVELOPE STlFFING- $600· $800 
(N9(\j week - Free Details: SASE to 
IntemaIionaIlnc. 1356 Coney Island Ave. 
Brooklyn. New York 11230. (117·2118) 

CR~ sttPS NOW tIRING - Earn 
$2.000tItr0nth + world travel (Hawaii, 
Mexico. the Caribbean. etc,) Holiday, 
summer and career employment 
available. No expener.::e necessary. For 
employment program call 1·2Q6..634-
0468 ext. C5976. (1125·2/11) 

GREEKS & CLUBS $1.000 AN 
HOUR! Each member of your frat, 
sorority. team. club, etc. pitches in 
just one hour and your group can 
raise $1,000 in just a few days! Plus 
a chance to earn $1 ,000 for yourself! 
No cost. No obligation. 1-800-932-
052B, ext. 65. (1 /21·2118) 
Wanted: Umpires for La Jolla Ut1le 
League. Good pay, outdoors. relatively 
easy. Starts spring quarter. For more 
info, call Bryan. 491 -2768. (211·2118) 

Earn cash stuffing envelopes at 
home. Send SASE to P.O. Box 9643 
Springfield, MO 65801 . (214,2116) 

EARN $1 ,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars!. .. Begin NOWI FREE packet! 
SEYS, Depl19, Box 4000, Cordova, 
TN 38018-4000. (2111-4/29) 

SUMMER JOBS 
at Camp Tawonga 

If you love Yosemite, kids, and making a 
difference, then join our Summer Team, 
Now Hiring: Counselors, Wilderness Leaders, 
Maintenance, Life Guards, Cooks, Drivers, 
A&C and more ... 

INT.ERVIEWING AT UCSD 2/16/93 
PLEASE CALL (619)534-4500 

for an application and to schedule an interview 
A Service of the United Jewish Community Centers 

-,,1!lf1.,-, 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-800· 
436·4365, ext. P-3387. (2111-318) 

EARN UP TO $10/HR, Are you 
looking for great hours? Great $$$? 
And a great experience? Don't look 
any further. Market for Fortune 500 
Companies I CAlL NOW 1·800-950-
1037, ext. 17. (2111·2116) 

MARKETING: PIT position: $7·$121hr: 
flyer distrbution, door-to-door contact. 
For details call Tom (619) 753-7614. (21 
11-2116) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on·campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587 • 7911 . (1/4-613) 

Macintosh text & graphics scanning . 
On campus and affordable. Call Mike 
622· 1147. (1/14·3/11) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near SI. Germain·s. 452·9949. (1 /19· 
613) 

Need typinglword processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. I 
will also do editing if needed or wanted. 
Call Carol 481 ·6364 evenings. (1/19· 
3111 ) 

CATCH A RIDE ON A JETI Europe 
- $249. Hawall - $129, New York -
$129. Get your program description. 
AIRHITCH (r) 800·397·1098. (1/25· 
2118) 

LA JOLLA TAN - Attention UCSD Stu· 
dents!! La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from UCSD 
in the Renaissance Clr. near Rubios 
FISh Tacos. GRAND OPENING SPE· 
CIAL, 2PEOPLETAN FOR THE PRICE 
ON 1 I See our ad in this issue orcall 622· 
1122. Thafs LA JOLLA TAN. (211·2116) 

WORD PROCESSING Fast & acx:urate. 
Most jobs $2.00 per page. Laser printer. 
695-0231 (Mira Mesa area). (2/8-2111) 

Typing/Word Processing/Tutor. Ex· 
perienced WriterlEditor. Laser Printer. 
"Emergency· service available. Call 
anytime 284-6677. (218·2118) 

MOBILE DJ's - More bang for your 
buck· KSDTs Party Pack. Call 534· 
DOPE (3673) . (2/8-2118) 

QUAUTYBAABERINGH LaJolla8artler 
Shop, Quality BaJber, HairCuts. $8. noo 
Faye Ave., Suite F, 459-5792. (2111) 

Word processingflyping. No job is too 
small. $2.00 per page ... indudes laser 
printing. Call 899-9280. (2111 -2118) 

Special Valentine MASSAGE - only 
$25.001 Give Ihe gift that truly nur· 
turesl Relaxing, soothing, reSloring -
professional ' convenient La Jolla 
location. Call SUSAN for more info -
453-0622. (2111) 

WANTED 
PAID sperm donors sought for infertile 
Caucasian couple. Must be in excellent 
health. Confidential. 528-4020. (211·21 
18) 

Seeking 1M meditalOlS to fOlTTl student 
orgarizationoncampus. Call Michael at 
278-1314, leave message. (2!8-2/22) 

SEMI· NUDE model (female) needed 
for vis . arts video project. $101HR. 
Come by Media Center + 
Communications Bldg. 140 on Friday, 
Feb. 12, between 11 -11 :30 a.m. Will 
shoot same day. (2/8-2111) 

Be involved in leadership, meet 
people and have fun! Be a Warren 
College Orientation Leaderl 
Applications available at Warren 
Dean's office, 2nd floor Lit Bldg . No 
leadership experience necessary! (21 
11 -2116) 

Guitarist seeks other musicians to 
play together for fun. Acoustic ' or 
electric. Inll . Galaxie 500, Dinosaur 
Jr., classic rock. No egos. please. 
Mike 558·7817. 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks , boats , 4-
wheelers , motorhomes, by FBI, IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 
1·800-436·4363 ext. C· 7556. (2111-
3/8) 

UNIX TERMINAL and MODEM. 
Computer homework at homel $157. 
Plug in and go. 554-0414. (211 -3/11) 

Must sell. Queen size bed good con-
dition. $125. 453-1358. Iv. meso (214-
2111 ) 

1970 Volks. sqrbk automatic excel-
lent condo Rebuilt 50.000, baby blue. 
273-8059. (214·2111) 

Guitari Acoustic steel string. Perfect 
condition. In box. $95. Electric tele-
caster, humbuckers, tremolo. $140. 
586· 7928. (214-2111) 

LSAT Study materials, including past 
tests , Princeton Review manuals, 
more. $40 o.b.o. Jeff (619) 597·0632. 
(214·2116) 

'85 Pontiac 6000, Casso stereo, 
Needs some transmission work and 
minor bodywork. Mustsell now, $7501 
o.b.o. 558·9038. Ask for Guy or leave 
a message and #. (218·2111) 

LADIES size 7 Dolomite Ski Boots. 
Worn once (not my size) . Best offer. 
755· 7653. (2/8·2111) 

14K Diamond ring 3.3 carats with 
parure, appraised $11 ,200, sacrifice 
$6,000. Call 454·2089. (2/8-2118) 

TENOR Trombone for sale. Conn Di· 
rector, Conn Uned Case, Mint Condi-
tion. Call 454-2089. $450.00. (2/8-2116) 

Cannondale Racing Bike 54cm , 
Cirterium Frame, Suntour Accush ift , 
Great Condition. $250. Rob 942· 
5107. (218-2/11) 

YAKIMONO 
JaplneS8 • FOOd 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
.....-__ ~::'~n. UCSD ------! 

AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA) 
7728 Regents Rd. (Vans Shappillg Center) 
Tok. 0</1 avoilObie. w. also oller colerins ..meet. 452-4255 

L HOURS: 11 :30 0111'9 pm 1Mon.·TIMws.I, 11 :30 0111'10 pm (Fr." Sot.I, H pm Sundays --------------------~ 

FLOWER BASKET 
_ F~-;!72!~~~Y* 
ow..... . $20 miAlmwn pu",ha .. . wiu.ln ~ mile ralli ... of campus 
......... ' 

e"".zmI93 
Not V'lliid with &D, othe r offer. 

as aIways,10% O~~ when you 
vfsit the store \\;th your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's enter; 
P,ompt d hvel·Y. 7 days n ~eek . Open daily am· pm 

13CLA 

KENWOOD Pullout Stereo. 2 yrs. oklo 
Good Cond~ion , $250/0.b.o., receipt in-
duded. Call 455-6914. (218-2111) 

Cheapl Brand new Sony Discman for 
sale. Only $99.00. Call Crystal at 
625-0495. (2/8·2111) 

ROAD BIKE, Cannondale 56cm, 
14spd road bike. 105 groupo except 
hubs (New Ultegra) + BB (UN-71 
cartridge) . Includes almost new Mavic 
MA·40 32 hole. $350.00. Also: Parts 
for sale. 558·1821. (218-2111) 

MTB: Nishiki, 19·,21 spd, XT shifters! 
brake levers. New DX calipers. Scott 
AT3 curved bars. NEW Smokes. NEW 
pedals. 3 mo.old ROCK SHOX 21 wI 
Boots. $450.00. 558-1821 . (2!8-2111) 

Brand New Rossignol7G Racing skis . 
201 cm. Only $225. Call Michelle 625-
0965. (218 -2111) 

TICKET S .D. - Phoenix. Leave: Feb. 
12,12:30, return: Feb. 14, 10:00p.m. 
622· 1236. $85.00 o.b.o. (2111) 

Surfboard. 6' 0" Excellent condition . 
Great buy. Also selling windsurfer. 
Great condition. Two sails. 546·121 O. 
(211 1 ) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks , boats , 
4wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI,IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 
1·800·436-4363. (2111·3/8) 

Panason ic speakers $30, desklamp 
$9. brass headboard (full) $50, 
filecube $15, patio table $15. 535-
1826. (2111) 

SonyCamcorder includesbag, charger, 
IWObatteries. $600 o.b.o. Call 899-9280, 
leave message. (2111) 

Motorcycle, Kawasaki Ninja·250, '89, 
water cooled. While & red. Brand 
new battery & tires. Good condo Runs 
great. Must see & test drive. $1350. 
Darang. 453-8410. (2111·2116) 

For Info or help . t,800-914,765Z 

Prince "CTS Approach 90" racquet, 
excellent condition , paid $180 , seil-
ing for $90. Call Scott 587·2709. (21 
11 ·2116) 

1968 Vanagon· great price !! I Good trans" 
pOItaIion, roomy, converts to bed. Call 
eves & weekend: 756-0941. (2111 ·2116) 

JEEP CJ,71986. 38K original miles, 
power steering, 4x4, stereo cass, 
smog, $5900. 452·6211 . (2111) 

1960 VW single cab pick·up. Solid, no 
rust, orig. paintlinterior. $2500/$3500. 
457·2369, 943·1923. (2111 ·2116) 

Univega 10 speed bike, kryptonite 
lock. $60 o.b.o. Good condition. Call 
Sarah 457-0696. (2111·2118) 

Cute red scooter. '85 Honda Elite 
50cc, Low mileage, includes: reg is' 
tration, helmet, parking sticker. Ready 
to use. $650. 551·9810. (2111 -2116) 

HOUSING 
o.vn room. $25O/month. In Clairemonl 
Big living room and fireplace. 1/4 utiities. 
Call Karen 541 ·2073. (1 /14-2116) 

Roommate wanted -share 3·br. apart· 
ment. Non·smoker. Washerldryer. 
1.5 miles campus. $275. Avail 3/ 1. 
450·4628. (1/28-2111) 

Roommate wanted $341 .5O/month + 11 
3 utilities. Ma1e/female. "Hat·nin Pacific 
Beach," Adriano 270-8592. (211-2/25) 

Room to rent UCSD area. $5751 
month. Penthouse apt. with own bath· 
room. Big living space with fireplace, 
vaulted ceilings. Willing to have two 
roommates share room. Available 
ASAP. Call 546·3989. (214-2111) 

Non·smoking foreign student wanted 
share apt. in Nobel Court. Partly fur· 
nished . Private bath . $450. Kambiz 
452·0082. (2111,2116) 

CollegeTalk Personals 
1.900-454-1050,ext 40 
24 hrs/day, 7 days/week, 18 yrs. Touch·tone required. There IS a charge of SI .29/min. 
Nowyou can talk DIRECTLY and 
PRIVATELY to other peop!e wi th 
similar interests from your school or 
other schools, if they've chosen our 

Women seeking Men 

Th., C D Guarcliun 

Roommate needed, own rm. with 
ocean view, deck, parking, garage, 
washer + dryer, in Cardiff, 632·7043. 
(2111·2125) 

For rent: condo , Mira Mesa: 2 bed-
room, 2 bath , one story end unit: 
clean, bright: QUIET. $860.00. 454· 
6462. (2111) 

Need female to share room. 2BRI 
2BA. UTC. $248/mo + 113. Kim or 
Linda 453·2092. (2111·2118) 

NEEDED: Female to share room & 
bath , $211 /month + 1/4 utilities. Call 
625·0489. (2111-2116) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Gold bracelet with dangling 
ball charm. Very SENTIMENTAl. If 
found , please call Karen 622·1098. 
(218·2111 ) 

Notebook left at the Guardian office 
by a political science student. It be· 
longs to someone who works at KDST 
on campus. Cindy at the station has 
it. Or, call 534·3466 at the Guardian. 
(218·2116) 

PERSONALS 
To my tall, handsome, Korean tenor : 
More than words can describe, you 
have touched my heart. Remember-
I'm always right (except about Super 
Bowl) . Love, Julie. (211 1) 

Order of Omega RUSH! Leaders 
within Greek system contact chapter 
presidents! (218·2111) 

Seeking female with the following 
characteristics: 5" tall , 105 Ibs., 20 
yrs old, born in Mexico City. bilingual 
- Englishl Spanish , beautiful, intelli-
gent, loves to travel , fun· seeking, and 
has an unusual first name. Contact 
Gabriel. (2111) 

what I 'm looking foris a besr friend . 
I have lots o f interests. If you leave 
me a message, please leave a time 
to call as [ work swing hifr. L oo k 
forward to hearing from you . Box# 
0031 

Shy SBF, 25, seeksSWM between 
20-35 . Box# 0400 

Men seeking Wamen 
CALL THRU feature, My name is Jude. I have curly 

brown hair and would love to getto My name is Rick and I'm into 
CollcgeTalk is a national system. know you . I will return all ca ll . tennis and golf and hot babes. I 'm 
You arc not limited to your own six foot, slim, strong and blond . 
school. Browse by areacode. If L et" rock. Box# 0543 
you're traveling to another city, 
select that areacode to browse. If 32 year old pr fessional male likes 
you want to meet local people, all kinds of things. If you're inter-
choose your loca I area code. ested, please leave a message and 
Here's how Call1bru works : I will return your call as soon as 

]f you're BROWSING, possible. Box# 0091 
Looking for Others- First dJal 1- SM, 6' ] , light hair and eyes, 27. 
900-454-050, ext 40. Select Professional fo r a large company. 
"Browse the Categories" and lis- I like dancing, social drinking and 
ten to the areacode and category L:::::;::;~ _ ... __ --I __ ~;..;;;.J also quiet evenings. Looking for 
you wish. If a person has selected Box# 0002 SF with similar interests; age and Call Thru, you will be given thc 
option of pressing "2" to call them race not important. Box# 0580 
directly, That's all there is to it! Just My name i Judy. Leave me a mes-
press "2" after you have heard their sage and tell me about yourself. 
greeting and our computers will put Box# 0042 
you through to that person directly. 
Only people who hav~ selected Call 
Thru can be dialed directly. 

If you're PLACING AN 
AD with us- First dial 1-900-454-
1050.ext50. Thcnpress the" key to 
get a voice mailbox and record a 
greeting. Follow the simple instruc-
tions and select the Call Thru op-
tion. Just kcy in a phonc number on 
which you wish to receive calls, and 
the start and stop times for receiving 
calls. You can tum 01T this feature 
or <:hange the start and stop times 
whencver you want by dialing 1-
900-454-1050, e)(t 40 and selecting 
option 4. 
Here's the big advantage of select-
ingCallThru: Yourte1ephonenum-
ber remains completely private- the 
caller never learns it, AND, when 
you receive a call . it costs you 
NOTHING! The caller pays the 
normal 900 chalie . 
Now you can receive calls directly 
when you want to. Or call others 
when they are taking calls . Or just 
leave messages. Your Choice!! 

If you want to meet someone won-
derful. call my box now. Box# 
0038 

Hi, I'm Judy and I will return all 
calls. Box# 0047 

5' J I tall blond with green eyes 
loves to hunt and fish, camp and 
gaze al stars is seeking someone 
with similar interests. Box# 0010 

Call and leaveyournumberand we 
can talk person-Io-person. Box# 
0009 

I'm Kate; I want,a crazy boy who 
can dance all night. If you have the 
energy, give me a call . Box# 032S 

I'm Teresa . I'm outgoing, friendly 
and a caring person. I am not into 
meeting people in ban. I am look-
ing forward to talking 10 youl Box# 
0003 

I've never done this before so I'm a 
little nervous. I'm tired of bars and 
spend a lot ofdme alone, so [gues 

Men Seeking Men 
Herc's the place to meet men on 
campus and in othcr cities. Try the 
Call thru option and see! 

Women Seeking Woman 

CollegeTalk allows you to meet 
others in complete privacy. Call 
Thru allows you to take calls with-
out the caller learning your phone 

#.~~------~~--~ Place your ad here 
Free! 

Just Call 1·900-454-1050 ext 40, 
record i greeting, and we'll take it 
from there I It costs SI .2 9/min 10 record 
your greeling ind get your box num-
ber, estimated time: 3 min. After you 
record your greeting, we print your ad 
for free! OI/ZlI'l 
CoI~Talk II1II this publication UlUIM no 
liabil tar tile content of or mpoMft to 
lilY i • The Idwttiser UlUmes compltte 
liability tarthe content of, II1II all..,Iitt to, 
Illy • or lWConleti ~ and tar lilY 
dillns made -,ain" College Talk, thi. pu~ 
lication or their agents U I mull theRof. 

Thursday, [<1'llI'mu'), II , 1993 

ST ANN U A L 

Friday, ~' Feb. 26, 1993 
~~ 

t ME~R~gmyeoys &. GIRLS ewes " COUNCIL r . ~""._r: UCSD PANHEllENIC • SSOCIA TlON!:""-. 

glowers d- 911s 
Cost.'! Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

SJn Diego. CA ')2122 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
.IIth 1"'l<tu ... III ,I"m IWllt 

\ .. 1 •• 1 ~lIh.ln\ ,04I'lr.,lil-r 
r.,p.ln~N\ 

I) 
M "'~ Deliver 
lI'orld Wlde-

WHAT DO 
SAN FRANCISCO, BERKELEYI 

PHOENIX AND TUCSON' 
HAVE IN COMMON? 

BUFFALO EXCHANGE! 
VOTED IN EACH CITY AS ' BEST USED CLOTHING STORE" 

NOW IN 
P. B. SAN DIEGO 

CASH FOR CLOTHES 
ALL DAY. EVERYDAY 
MEN'S & WOMEN'S 
CONTEMPORARY 

ONEOFAKIND 
LEATHER 
VINTAGE 

JEANS 

~~. 
' 1989. 1990. 1991 

BAVGUAROIAH. SF _TIMES. PHOENI~ 
EXPRESS. BEAl<ElfY TUCSON WUKl Y 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

--- ---

lames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmeti, en'ices 

ltdR.\1d,[rimd(,ntlll fJ!pl",IY ' .1/(IIIWr AllA, OlA, 81leJ)S 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
T.p Fl • ." fllsr bclJilld IIJ , EltpIJnlll Rnr 

558-3490 
frmill.ns.;t Snlllrdn,Y 

ApJlQilmn<'llrs A Mi/nble 



J 

14 SPORTS 

Softball Seeking 
Consistency in '93 
PREVEW: With only one senior and 11 players total, 
Tritons can't afford a roller-coaster season like last year 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

For rookie softball Head Coach 
Patricia Gerckens, her first season 
could be as big a craps shoot as any 
you'll find in Las Vegas. 

The Tritons have only II players 
on the roster entering this season, and 
only one of those is a senior, so expe-
rience is not UCSD's strong suit as 
the season kick off with Friday's 
game at Point Loma. "We're a very 
young team. I expect we ' ll make a lot 
of mistakes, but I ju t hope that we 
learn from them," Gerckens said. 

De pitetheobviou problems with 
experience, Gerckens likes what he's 
eer. from the Tritons a far. "I think 

this team will go ~omeplace . We've 
shown a lot of improvement in prac-
tice, but we've still got a long way to 
go. h'sa questi onofd ire," thecoach 
aid. 

It 's a question of de. ire and Slay-
ing heallhy with only two players on 
the bench, e~pecially with no re turn-
ing pitChing. "Pitching is a big ques-
tion mark, but I have faith in our 
starters," Gerc~ens said. Trying to 
keep that fai th wi ll be junior tran~fer 
frol11 UC O:l\'i~ Cathy O'Connor and 
freshman Christi e McCauley. 
McCauley and O'Connor will be try-

W. T ENNIS: 
Sea on pening win 
Continued from page II 
nc.'\I'ly three h 1I~ before coming away 
with a 6-7,6 3,6-2 victory. 'That was 
Amy's first match in the top six, and she 
played well. It \\'~ a good mat h ~ r 
her:' LaPlante !>;Iid 

The Triton~ didn't fare as well in 
doubles play. losingtwoofthreem:uc~ 
to the hal>! ruS;lders. tn nwnbt.."f-ooe 
doubles aClion. Point Loma Nazarene's 
team of Clancy and O'Brian needed 
three sets to defeat UCSO's Kurokawa 
and Takemoto, 3-6, 64, 64. 

The Tritons Carne up short in num-
ber-two doubles play, as the tandem of 
Gessford and Chandler fell to PLNC's 
Dimmctte and W;llker in three sets, 4-6, 
6-3. 64. 

UCSD finally tasted victory in 
doubles play, as the number three team 
ofHoecker and He;\ther WiUarnscruised 
(0 a 6-2, 6-2 victory over PLNC's 

ing to fill the hoe ofDianna Moreno, 
last year's ace who owns the UCSD 
record for career earned run average, 
a miniscule 0.91 mark. 

Backing up McCauley and 
O'Connor will be an infield led by 
two retuming ·tarters, sophomore Lisa 
Gill and junior Emily Rubin. Rubin 
will be calling signals behind theplare, 
while Gill will cover third base. 

AnotherrelUrnee, sophomore Sara 
Vaplon, move from third to cover 
first this year. Meli sa Mazanet, the 
team's lone enior, will roam the out-
field in addition to her role as a team 
leader. 

Mazanet will not be carrying too 
much leadership re. pon ibility, ac-
cording to Gerckens. "A lot of the 
other players have stepped up and 
shown some leadership as well ," the 
coach said. 

Offensively, the Tritons don't fig-
ure to lose much, de pite the depar-
ture oflast year's hitting tar, Theresa 
Zuniga. Gerckens like her lineup 
powered by Shannon Barch along 
with Gill, Rubin and O'Connor. 

The biggest quest ion forthi year's 
squad will be trying to erase the 1992 
team 's habit of shooting it elf in the 
foot. 'This team must be more consis-
tent in everything. including desire. 

Burroughs and Christa Stutz. 
LaPlante was pleased with UCSD's 

effort against the Crusaders. "We were 
consi~tent and wedid what we had todo 
to win, " the coach ~d. 

LaPlanteex pressedconf Klence about 
her team's chances to compere for the 
nati onal championship thi season. 
"We're very deep in singles, like we 

aI~ay are, We' re sostrongandsoclose 
in talent level , all the way down the 
ladder," he said 

"If anything, we 're stronger than 
last season," the coach added. 

While singles play figures to be 
strong with the return of lnaba, Chan-
dler and Nicholas, LaPlante is even 
more imPI'CSSed with UCSD's doubles 
squad. "We're even better in doubles, 
because most of our newcomers spe-
cialize in doubles play," she said. 

UCSDgets its first test of the season 
in a home match this weekend against 
Division I Long Beach State. "I e)(pecl 
us to have a really competitive match," 
LaPlante said. 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd, • 587-4844 

VERDE 
CAR.WASH ~ 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z. @ 

· - UCSD 

! L. Jol" VIII . a' 0,. UTC I I I I ~bel Dr . 8 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------

: Full Service $ 99 
: ~~ri~ P!! !A!! :3 ..... ~ 
I C ~R WASIt Not valid with any other 0"81. SAVE $4.26 
I Expires 313 tl93 I 

~ -- -- ---- --------- ___ _ __ I 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Febnaary 11, 1993 

Emily Rubin, seen here tagging out a Claremont runner last year, will be a team leader this season, 

That's the key," Gerckens said. "So 
far they've been dependable and re-
spon ible, and its important that they 
stay together." 

No where was that lack of con is-
tency demon trated beller than in 
UCSD's own tournan,ent, the Triton 
class ic. 

Their econd game of the tourna-
ment , the Tritons faced Concordia. 
The Tritons jumped out to a 7-1 lead 
after two innings, but went to sleep, 
allowing the Comets to get back in the 

NYQUIL: 
Intrepid Phil- Your 
worst nightmare 
Continued from page II 
masterfully assembled. ot since the 
1992 Dodgers had such a collection of 
cast-offs, misfits and low-priced talent 
graced a playing field. 

Our center was none other than the 
reclusive "Gravedigger" Gregg Wrenn, 
the fomlCf fourth-string quarterlxlck of 
the San Francisco 49ers. Once upon a 
time, Wrenn was a gregarious fellow, 
oblivious to the troubles of the world. 

Last Christmas, Wrenn' beloved 
dog Rover was killed in a freak 
Winnebago accident. The episode 
scarred Wrenn,leaving him embittered 
and full of hate, a homicidallunatic,ln 
other words, a born hockey player. 

I don't know how Phil did it, but 
somehow he corraIed the most feared 
defenseman in hockey, Cisco DeVries. 
A bruising behemOlh, the taUoo-cov-

8.5 ~ 11· 20twhl 
aulDf8ld or ifI' serve 

game, before winning 7-5. 
The next day UCSD faced 

Concordia again , thi time in the play-
off round, and couldn ' t do anything 
right. Despite six Comet errors , the 
Tritons fell , 4- 1. Up and down play 
like that could pell season-long di-
saster for a young team like Gercken '5, 
so the coach will do all she can to keep 
UCSD on track, 

As for Gercken , he moves up to 
the head job after one season as assis-
tant to former coach Melissa Jarrell 

ered De Vries would gladly cross<heck 
his own mother to recover a loose puck. 
Also starting at defenseman was Dave 
Snow, the hard-hitting Associate fea-
tures Editor who surprised everyone by 
actually showing up on time, 

Rounding out the squad were Phil's 
mends, Blaine and Robin, two long-
horemen from Alaska who between 

them had several minutes of prior play-
ing e)(perience. 

The stylish yellow 1M jerseys we 
wore made us look like the Bad News 
Bears. And during the flfSt, second and 
third periods, we played like the Bad 
News Bears. 

My bid for the highlight reels came 
early in the opening period. Wide open 
and no more than a dozen feet from the 
gool, 1 took a great feed from Wrenn, 
wound up and frred, Swing and a miss! 
I must have looked like Olariie Brown 
kicking a field goal when Lucy is the 
holder. Not only did I miss, but 1 fell 
right on my pride, Adding insult to 
injury, I was called for high-sticking. I 

last year. Gerckens got the post when 
Jarrell took a job as softball coach and 
assi tant athletic director a( Rhode 
1 land. 

TIle team is more than ready to 
start the eason. "We haven't been 
able to practice in a game situation. 
Thi will be our first test and we're 
dying to play," Gerckens said. 

"We have certain goals for this 
year," the coach added. "We're defi-
nitely geared toward postseason and 
the tearn has a good attitude." 

should have stayed in bed 
After one period, we were down 2-

I, a remarkable fear since ouropponents 
played shorthanded for almost the en-
tire 15 minutes. 

The second period looked like the 
Super Bowl. Phil was lit up like a Christ-
mas tree, and I managed to 
singlehandedlyscrewupouroffenseby 
being offsides seven times. Down 6-2 
after two periods. the Monkey Boys 
didn '( give up. 

DeVriesmadehismove, Hopelessly 
out of p<l>ition, Cisco found himself 
stationed in front of the other tearn' s 
goal. lfCisco managed to score, itwould 
be a miracle. The ball bounced shoul-
der-high to DeVries. Cisco raised his 
stick above his head and stabbed at the 
ball like an expert swordsman, Called 
for high-sticking, DeVries sheepishly 
went back on defense, as laughter ech-
oed through the gym. 

The Monkey Boys went on to Iaie, 
7-3. Only one qUCSlion remains. How 
did we manage (0 score three? 

La Jolla Zoo a Teddy Bear Express 
AFFORDABLE STUFFED ANIMALS 

Ship UPS Nollonwlde 1298 Prospect Street, 29 
Open 7 days 
_ _ Coast Walk, Mid Level 
t'..'~)/ ~ La Jo lla Clthl 456-1412 ~G~ ? VolklOled POOdng GUND~ .~ .. 10% Off Valentine Items with this ad. . OtTer good unIl2/14/93. Not void with any other 

.' offer. Owned by ucso okJtMI. 

Thursday February ll, 1993 

In 111e 
Bleachers 
By Steve Moore 

"We appear to have lost the coin toss, majesty, " 

STARTS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12th 
P" ___ • nil( DO 

w,.:,.tHJ~t:;;W~fA.t? 1 
... c..., .. _____ r .All no 

I ;;;,.~I: :.~~~. (~::i~ ; ;~II" 
pa ___ A'nII lID 

,lt 5W1wl. I I .... otItl r,It' 
I ",,,, 11 ~","""'Iw.-.. It" " / 4 A',iI 

___ ~. IXI 

t· ......... k.-•• 'I ···rfilt 
'''''' ;- " , 

.., .... L"coel'A. no 
I ""It .lIh • '"~ .11, ,,1 

" tl' ''· ' 

....... ......... . . e .. DO .... "UICIIO_ru .... 00 
I lf I"."'" 1I, llltrtH.III;; .", l trt III"U ' '''''lur t .I 'I II., ' I IW,tlf II 

C'fll'-t!J.tII<>" ;Jf,'II .(. ' , 
__ . ~O_CTIL 

lIIIITWD ....... T .... 'OtI" .• 7.A III" 00 , ..... " .... ,,,,,,,, "1 ,, 1', "1, 
' '' '"1' ... · 111 ,I , II 

" '!lrf,1 U_M&:la.c.l8I 'P DO 
",t11t1 / .• , jlllf",..11I ,"11,.,'/ 

--
l "'l, III.I,lh''-h,HII" I ;i lro 

GET PUBLISHED 
IMPRESS YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY (AT 

LEAST YOUR MOM.) 
STACK YOUR RESUME 

-- BOOST YOUR SELF ESTEEM 
FAME AND FORTUNE (WELL, NO FORTUNE.) 
GREAT CONVERSATION TOPIC FOR FIRST 

DATES. 
GATEWAY TO SUCCESS 
FIRST STEP TOWARDS PULITZER 

BUT SERIOUSLY ... 
THE U.S. GRANTS OFFICE IS NOW ACCEPTING 

RESEARCH PAPERS AND PHOTOS FROM 
UNDERGRADUATES FOR PUBLICATION IN: 

THE UCSD JOURNAL OF 
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH 

STOP BY THE U.S. GRANTS OFFICE, AM 3.305 
@THE PRICE CENTER. FOR INFORMATION 

-o~-------------------------c9 

4"A~fJI~" YAI.f~rlJ,ES 
~ (~rers ,rtat! 0 

IF YO U ARE INTERESTED 
IN TUTORI NG KIDS, COi\'lE TO 
~g~~fXg 11~IJ1® r~HI(!)lII~ 

\W!lEJD)o IFffiffi 1L II @lllrlMI 
rIruI<C:lE <C:'lT'~ CC(())WlE 

call the Volunteer Connection for more into 534-1414 



16 

STANDINGS 

SOCCER 
(Through February 7th) 

T8IITI 
MEN'SAAA 
1 Whal's A Tnlon? (2·0·1) 
2 Kickball Rejects (2·0·1) 
3 Team PI Kapp (2·0·1) 
4 Achtung Baby (2,0,1) 
5 Bartergnugen (1.1 .1) 
MEN'SAA 
1 The Lady Bugs (2·0) 
2 Juan Valdez (3·0) 
3 SC (2·0) 
4 Pele Who? (3·0) 
5 The Booze (2·0) 
MEN'S A 
1 Drunk By 3 (3·0) 
2 Just Crew It (3·0) 
3 No Pain, No Pain (2-0) 
4 Toe Jam (2,0) 
51 Don'l Know (t ·0·1) 
COEOAAA 
I Just For Fun (2·0) 
2 Penetrate and Score (2·0) 
3 Balls and Babes (1 ·1) 
COED AA 
1 Bangoo (3·0) 
2 Mavericks (2·0) 
3 Sig/Pi Phi (2·0·1) 
4 Frolterism (3·0) 
5 Touch My Monkey (2·0) 
COEOA 
1 Grovellers (3·0) 
2 Meg So Horny (3·0) 
3 Cum'n Down Your Throal (2·0) 
4 OOOOHHI Bacon (2·0) 
5 Jelly Donuts MMMMI (3·0) 
WOMEN'SAA 
1 All Sides (2-0) 
2 Kickm' McNuggets (1·1) 
3 We Kick Balls III (H) 

WOMEN'S A 
t Not Enough Legs (2·0) 
2 Fish Oul of Water (1 ·0) 
3 Ball Buslers (1 · 1) 

Comments 

Can they hold the top spot? 
112 by point only! 
On lOp in an iffy league 
Big match up on 2127 
500,1 shot 10 take it all 

DomInating a strong league 
Need another win for momentum 
Impressive win againsl Rompemadres 
Find out belore the playoHsl 
leading AA in goals scored 

Why wall that long? 
This 'crew' is lough 
No gain, no gain! 
Playing with the best of lhem 
Polenlial IS unlimited 

The other teams aren't amused 
Has the experience, needs to bond 
Sleeper pick to WIn It all 

Needs 10 prove worthy on 2120 
Have gone untested so far 
Double the pleasure. double the lunl 
This late enlry is an offenSIve powerhouse 
Outside chance lor glory 

Consistency IS key to success 
Maybe should hook up wi Gnovellersl 
Don'l CHOKE in playoffs! 
Simon says, 'Score'l 
Stoll in the title race 

Should be playing in Men's A 
Belter Ihan Jack in the Box 
Fig lIng 10 Slay aliva 

Just as long as the leef work 
H20 Polo should be a hobby 
Walch your backs! 

SOCCER NOTES: NO games scheduled for Ihis coming weekend, Feb 13·14. 
Forlhose Ihal play in SATURDAY LEAGUES: Games lhat were rained out on Jan 

16 Will be played on Salurday. Feb 27 .... same place ... same Ilme ... same opponent. 
All other RESCHEDULED GAMES need 10 be arranged and played before 2128, 

Please conlact 1M Soccer Coordinalor, Slacis Sasaki (534·7369) to make field and 
releree arrangements. 

1M U PD ATES .. ,COEO TEAM BOWLlNG .... The regulas 1M 
BOY/long season has concluded and lhere WIll be no 1M BOY/hng at the Clairemont 
Lanes thIS Sunday (Feb 14) and Tuesday (Feb 16) .... The 1M BOWLING PLAYOFFS 
begin Sunday, Feb 21 9pm. Championship brackets w~1 POSled at the Canyonview 
Recreation OffI08, Wednesday affernoon, Feb. t7th .... COEO ONE·PITCH 
SOFTBALL .. A special holiday weekerd edition of Coed One-PItch Softball will be 
presenled lhis Saturday·Sunday (Feb 13-14) for those coed one-pilch leams that are 
sticking arDund for the weekerd. A 12·to·16 leam two day toumament will be offered 
for any leam WIshing to partlcopale. Inlerasted leams should oontact 1M Sports Ass't. 
Andrew Greenhaloh al625,0328 for InformalJon aboul ooen 19urnament soots. 

The UCSD Guardian 

FLOOR HOCKEY 

IMFHL Game of the Week 
'This isn1 volleyball!' screamed 

Tom Goukl. as he look iJseal in the 
box after trying 10 get away with his 
best Marty McSorley impersonation. 
Really Tom? You coulda fooled us. 

It was Tuesday night, a week ago. 
A sold-out crowd in the ReckerDome 
was buzzin'. This was going to be 
one high· scoring hockey game. 
After all Vinet Ain' Rushin was 2-0 
and unscoled upon ... averaging 6.5 
goals a game. Their opponent for 
the Bvening. Joker Slap Factory, 
had only one game under the 
belts ... an 11·1 shellacking of the 
Slashers. This was a game for the 
ages. Or so we thought! 

In the end, Tom Gould was dead 
wrong. Vinel Ain't Rushin came oul 
on top in true voIleybalt score 
fashion, 3·1 . So much lor high· 
scoring hockey. Defense and goa~e 
play win out againl 

The scoring for Vinet came quickly 
in fhe first period, as Chris 
Diodoardo, wijh an assist from 

MEN'SAAA 
1 Vinet AIn't Rushin (3·0) 
2 JodIer Slap Factory (2·1) 
3 Tilly Puckers (H) 
4 Pumpkin's Holiday (1 ·1) 
4 OOOHH Makin' Bacon (\-2) 
MEN'SAA 
1 Beauty and The Yeast (3-0) 
2 Xenopucks (2·1) 
3 Blalaru Disregard (2-0) 
4 Unda's Donuts (0-0·1) 
5 Dens (2·1) 
MEN'SA 
1 Naked and Bleeding (2·0) 
2 Sloppy Bun Zits (3-0) 
3 00 Yacht Club (3·0) 
4 SlapshOI Enema (3-0) 
5 Los Bastardos (1 ·2) 
WOMEN'SAA 
I Heat (3-0) 
2 Bio's Fears (3,1) 
3 Melting Ice (2·2) 
WOMEN'S A 
1 Boot To The Head (1-0·1) 
2 Absolute Harmony (2-0,1) 
3 You Gotta Swallow (1-1) 

Gould, put one past Joker goalie 
Doug Silver. From then on the 
defense became tougher, the 
goalies virtuaMy impenetrable, Only 
a couple 01 late 2nd period goals by 
Isaac Kim and Gould worked their 
way past Silver, 

Joker winger Dale Stuzka blitzed 
one past Greg Koran in the 3rd 
period and apparenUy had another a 
few minullls later, but vet official Jon 
OIl waived it oft. Stuzka's 
teammate Sean Crawford had 

p~ched a tent in the crease and was 
camping his you know what on, The 
waive-off stifled any moment1Jm thaI 
the Jokers had buiH up and VlIl9t 
cruised in Irom !here. 

The rivalry remains alive, 
however, as we all know how_t 
revenge is. These two teams will 
undoubtedly meet again in the play. 
offs and it should be another good 
one. Don1 forget being number one 
ain't easy these days I Our only 
advice ... watch your backsl 

In the age of lhe underdog 
SIIII the pre·loumament favorite 
Have the besl goalie in 1M hockey 
Still in the NMlng 
Brotherton & Crew are tough 

Undefeated in a tough league 
Will challenge Beauty In playoffs 
Amazing scoring abifity 
Are they for real? 
Missing church for this? 

Morning crew may win it all 
NewlywedS have more fun 
Can they keep pace? 
Una at caliente: 5-1 
Mounting a huge comeback 

Scores not showing dominance 
Impressive offensive eHort 
Has potential for playoH upsef 

OK, Amy, this Is your title year 
Not too far behind . 
Tryin' everything to get to the topl 

PGA Tour Beats Out 1M Tour 
1M GOLF TOUR FEB, 19/20 

Just because 200 01 the best goiters in Ihe world are coming 10 lown, doesn' seem lil<e any 
reason 10 bump 320lla JoIIa's worst gotters lrom Ihelrstarting times. Wen, Ihal's wllat the city 
of San DIego hasdone. After double booking the course and hours of lengthy negobation, Torrey 
Pines belongS 10 the PGA Tour on the FebNary f9th and 20th. . 

FOI1unate!y, some heavy hitters in 1M Sports, NBC and Ihe Mayors Office stood on Ihatr 
collective heads 10 find a home lor me 1M Tour Winter Ewnt. Wrth lhat lund of fire power, h didn' 
lake long 10 come up Wllh a new site farlhe 1M had<ers, We're moving CKtIO lhe mostexciJsive 
address In alt 01 San Diego, Rancho Santa Fe and the Wtispering Palms Country Club. The 
value of each civet fJsllncreased signlftcantly. Part ollhe negoliated move included no lewer 
than 3 appearances of lhe bimp 10 catch all the 1M action. 

Wrth lhe Ionnat thai the 1M Slaff has cooI<ed up, the smart money says lhe average 1M score 
"';d be lat less that the pro·s. For more inlo orlo sign·up, swing on down 10 CanyorMew. Space 
IS imrted so don' waSl8..8l1'l blne oel1ino in on the 1M Tour, 

_IDEO GALLERY 
BJ's Pizzerlll 

TUESDAYS=UCSD BARGAIN DAYS 
A OVIE RENTALS 

NOW PLAYING: DEATH BECOMES HER 
UNLAWFUL ENTRY. MO'MONEY 

COMING SOON: A League of Their Own 
Honeymoon in Vegas 

$ 

Thur8day, February 11 ,1993 

WINTER 
TOURNAMENT 

RESULTS 

AlI-C_pu. 
T ... nl.Dou .... . 
Ce ... 1 •• _"' .... ....., 
................ 1_' 
W .... (1.o ..... , 

The best actionduring Super Bowt week· 
end was definittly not found in Pasadena, 
Even /hough, we didn't have IoIichaeIJacl<· 

son~ ..... ~~nual 
UCSO~ chImpios ..... filled 
with ., •• ,;., play. 

AI\tIi .... ~DII*Ifound 
day, It., ~ /lin, end • WIllI .- em 
prac1ioI" IIHIInIIIWIJIIIMn. ... tour· 
narntlll CIOIIGIIIIIIIt IIIf11\1e1 tIw1 SJ)rIIl8/ 
run l1li MIIIIIr ...... new doubles 
champions. 

Thomas RIbotior and Bortl Grblc; 
proved thai age and experience are more 
valuable than youth and speed as they 
ganged up on Hlrvey HWlng,Tony 
Vuong 10 win the Men's Open in a grueling 
12·10 p'o-set vic1ory. 

Henry Uu and~r Hsu, asophomOle 
tandem thef would not quit. survived the 
Men's Intermeda1e division with a mara· 
thon three set vicfory (4-6, &-4, 6-3) over 
PtIo 01' Arnaud and Noll McCurdy. 

In the Mixed Doubles Open DIvision, 
Tony Vuong and .... Ayroeo outfought 
Hlrwy Hwang-Tenth I Shrum Io-S. 

Women'. VB Doubl .. 
EJqIerience was the theme two weeks 

back in the Women's Doubles Open Vol· 
leyball Championships as pair 01 'sea· 
soned" veterans, IItIlnda Holllel.)' and 
SIlCll .... leamad up ..... iller· 

c~ 1IIrs, Juno ...,.., lIIII.llnnl-
torIIIIIII,t ·7 inthechampils~. 

The IlUIIlIMdietl DivIsion was no less 
COSIIpIIMwe, but D0C8apn .... nce 
and ~ wan QUtOlllr rod! ItIIItnthu· 
si8IL YchIIt DIOIIII1IIItce1t Klasny 
used ..... poaIpIIr~(7.,) 
10 caIIpUIt~1D.deS 11,' win 
over 88th Levy and Megan Frietas. Levy· 
Frietas puled off the tourney's biggeSf 
upsel w~ an e~cenent loser's bracket 
championshp win over Karina Wollesen· 
Carin T eirelbaum. 

Table Tennl. 
Its been awhile since UCSD 1M Sports 

has put on a first annual .... but lasl Satur· 
day the 1M lolks cranked oul their old 
icebreaker for Its first appearance in the 
·90s. The occasion was the Introduction of 
a new sport to the 1M templafe ... tha All-
Campus Table Tennis Championships. 

Some 22 ping·pangers slugged h out for 
six solid hours in the Main Gym lasl week· 
end and In the end twO new all·campus 
champions were crowned. The Open Dlvi· 

~Ion title was claimed by the -German 
onnecfion' Andr, .. lIb,hn who 
llasted Kevin Nguyen In the finals by 
res 01 21-14, 21-13, 16-21.21·13. The 

pionship match had lilt f)IrtIcipants 
around taking in the furious action. 
Inte late Division. Allin Amlrt 
o y HOing in another hart!-

, 1·15,26-28, 21-16,21-12, 
lions 10 all of our champions. 

Costa Verde Center near Soup Piazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 
Exchange 8750 Genessee. 450-1766 3880 Valley Centre Dr • • 792-9923 

Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-9 pm I FrI.-Sa1. 11 am·IO pm 
WE ACCEPT COMPETITORS' COUPONS 

8873 Villa LaJolla Dr, /AJolla Village Center 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is sliU tbe best! 

UCSD GUARDIAN. 

'( 

Music 
Department It 

pays tribute 
to innovative 

American composer 

JEFF NIESEL 

HIATUS EDITOR 

T 
he circus i coming to UCSD - a musical circus 
that is. The event is titled "A Cage Circus: UCSD 
Music Depanment Pays Tribute to John Cage." 
It is fitting that Cage, an experimental American 
composer, will be honored with an off-the,wall 

even! since he tried to radically change the way 
composers thought about and perfonned their music. 

Two perfonnances will actually take place: an 
undergraduale conceit at 4 p.m. and a faculty show at 
8 p.m, Both events take place Wednesday, Feb, 17 in 
Mandeville Auditorium. During a recent interview, 
coordinator Steven Schick discussed the nature of the 
two perfonnances and the influence that Cage, who 
died this past August, has had on American music. 

The music circus at 4 p.m. will include 70 Cage 
pieces which will be played without regard for the 
usual patterns of perfonnances. Patrons are encour-
aged to come in and out as they please since there is 
no set program. It is possible that up to 50 pieces will 
be perfonned simultaneously. Everything from am-
plified cacti to prepared pianos will be utilized. 

See CAGE, page H7 

around with 

THE BLIND BOYS Of RLRORMH: H2 f 

FEB R U A R Y I 1, 1 9 9 3 

Micha Croft /r,usrdidn 

REVIEWS: H3 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 11,1993 

------.------

the y 'r e 
-

a n' d proud 
Gospel singers have been performing 

together for over 50 year 

J E N N l ' CAL A ;V C 
SEN IOR STAFf' WR ITER 

Clarence Fountain and the Blind Boys of Alabama remind you of what music really should be like. Music is n t meant to be played in the background of an 
elevator or mixed and remixed until the vocals are simply 
another instrument to be tuned. 

Their latest release. Deep Ri" er. features Fountain. a man 
who leads the singers to spi ritual heights built upon the 
foundation of their voices. their message and their belief in 
God. 111i ' African-American gospel group. which will per-
form tonight at8 p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. has received 
electrifying reviews for 50 years. 

It all started in Alabama in 1939. Clarence Fountain and a 
group of schoolmates met (II the Talladega Jnstitute for the Deaf 
and Blind. where they joined amalechoru . Motivated by their 
own preferences forgo 'pel music. they began to mimic groups 
they heard on the mdio. First named the Happyland Singers. the 
group performed locally and were eventually discovered by a 
promoter who nrmnged a contest between them and a Mis is-
sippi band called the Jackson Harruonies. 1t would be the blind 
boys of Alabama and the blind boys of Mississippi. "Both 
groups changed their names for that show. and it worked so 
good that we both ~tu k with it. Today weare friendly rivals," 
Fountain sail!. 

ince then. the group ha~ had some changes in its lineup. In 
additi n to Fountain. the band currently inclutles Curtis FOMer. 
Johnny Fields. Jimmy Caner. Caleb Butler. George Scott and 
Jerry Ilutton. The group has also ventured from tmditional 
gospel. incorporating funk. blues and pop. but has never lost its 
tlirection. Although the temptation offameand fonune through 
the pop or rock circuit has always been there, Fountain and the 
Blind Boys are content singing gospel music. And evidently. 
since they 're still singing up a stonn after five decades. they 
have obviously made the right choice. 

The Blind Boy " major label debut is Deep Ril'er. a collec-
tion of modem and tmditional sounds . Their rich and resonant 
voices can be heard mo t prominentl y in their a capella 
spirituals "Deep River" and "Brother Moses." while other 
ong such as "God Said It" and "Look Where He Brought Me 

From" feature a fa ter pace and a trumming bass. 
I f you haven't heard much gospel music before. the Blind 

Boys may change your tastes. They play for both religiou and 
secular audiences. but their intentions are clear. "We are trying 
to convince people as a whole to tum to Jesus. Ourtheory i that 
without Him. you are nothing. With Him. you can do all things. 
When you hear the Blind Boy of Alabama sing, we are inging 
about the coming of the Savior." Fountain said, Religious or 

MeAT and Medical School 
Information Seminar 

Freshman. Sophomore. Junior? TI1is seminar provides Ihe essentials YOU 
need to successfully enler medical school! 
Practical infonnalion and materials Will help you with: 

• Admissions Process • Interviewing Skills 
• AMCAS Application • MeAT PreparJlion 
Included: Full Mock MCAT, wilh Detailed Analysis 

February 13 & I~. 1993.8 a.m.·5 p.m. 
P~cific Christian ollege 
2500 E. ;-;utwood Avenue 

Fullerton. CA 
$ l40.00 pre-regi tration 

February 20 & 21, t993, 8 a.m.,5 p.m, 
Occldenlal College 

t600 ampus Rd., Johnson Hall 
Los Angeles. CA 

• $l60.00 at the door 
MeA A T 

Medi ca l Careers Advancement And Training 

4500 Campus Drive • Suite 225 • Newport Beach • CA 92660 
'--____ (714)476-3027 • FAX (714)476-6286 ____ -' 

cout\eSy 
Clarence Fountain and the BInd Boys of Alabama, an African-AmerIcan aospel group, wII 
perfonn toni&ht In M .... viIe Aucitorium at 8 p.m. 

not. you may find your foot tapping to the pul ing 
beat and your lips singing along with the chorus. 

If you' ve never seen a gospel music perfonnance 
live. you' ll find this perfonnance is not one to miss. 
The rhythm is contagious, and the experience is bold 
and truly electrifying. The Chicago Tribune de-
scribes the Blind Boys a "inspir[ing] even buttoned-
down audiences to rambunctiously clap their hands 

and yowl 'amen' and ' hallelujah. "'In San Francisco's 
Great American Music Hall. the Blind Boys "raised the 
roof and every audience member to their feet. clapping 
and cheering - the joint was jumping." Undoubtedly, 
Clarence Fountain and the Blind Boys of Alabama will 
bring down the house tonight. 

California University 
PaInters 

Management positions 
for students. Complete 
training, avg. earnings 

$14,850 top 10% 
$29,617, prr spring Frr 
summer, manage 6-10 
employees, marketing, 

sales , production. 
Positions going fast . 

Call now. 
1-800-400-9332 

For more infonnation about tonight's show, call 
534-4090. 

SCHOLARSHIPS AND 
GRANTS AVAJl.ABLE* 
NO GPA REQUtREMENTS 
NO tNCOME RESTRICTIONS 
NO AGE LtMITS 
GUARANTEE 
We Will malch you wllh alleast SIX 
non-government sources of hnanclal 
aid or your money back' 
DOUBLE GUARANTEE 
You Will receive alleast $100 In 
gran Is-scholarships or we Will give 
you a $100 U,S. Savings Bond i" 
For Informaiion and an apphcatoon. 
send your name and address 10: 
TONY STRONG AND ASSOCIATES 
6285 E. SPRING ST., Suit. 399 
LONG BEACH, CA 90808 
• Scholarships and grants available 
for undergraduates 

··Full guarantee details sent With 
application 

LOVE 
In an 

ELEVATOR 
or, If you wi ...... 

~\ .. ,,,~ I.('~ 
.at 

" 

.T.h.u.r.8d.a.Y.,.F.b.ru.a.r.Y.l.I.,.1.99.3 •••••••••••• _ •••••• .;.Tlhe UC D Guardian IflAT S 3 

m,ll-----~ 
'Weapon' misfires 
~ile most people might not read National Lampoon's magazine 
anymore. mo t have seen at least 

one of their movies: Lampoon's last 
film was ClII';srmas Vacation. But if 
you have high expectation for Na-
rio/Ia! Lampool/'s Loaded Weapon 
I, be forewarned that the film has 
Iirt le of the humor that characterizes 

it predecessors. 
Loaded Weapoll 1 is the story of 

detectives Jack Colt (Emilio 
Estevez) and Wes Luger (Samuel 
Jack on) who try to sol ve the case of 
the Wilde mess Girl Cookie Mur-
ders. The Wilderness Girl are al-
legedly developing a process for 
turning cocaine into cookies in an 

See LAMPOON, page H7 

courtesy New line Cu1ema 
Tn Curry dresses up as a Wilderness Girl in Loaded Weapon. 

'Passion Fish' shines 
M akingafilmaboutahandi-capped person is no easy ta k. It would be quite 
simple to slip into enrimentality 
and try to sell the story on the merit 
of its heart-wrenching ·subject. Last 
year's Warerdallce, a film about a 
writer who become ' paralyzed after 
a hiking accident. shows that mov-
ies about personal tragedies don't 
have to stoop to manipulating emo-
tions. Likewise. John Sayles' Pas. 
siollFi h.afilmabouthowawoman 
deals with her past nuher than about 
being handicapped. presents diffi-
cul t issues with a di rect and ,ensitive 
honesty. 

Sayles' talent lies in his ability to 
develop his characters so that each is 
presentedcompassi nately and with 
more depth than most lead roles in 
other films. Although we only get 
glimp es of most of Ihe characters. 
they are ponrayed U! figures with 
their own particular insights. 

May-Alice (Mary McDonnell) is 
a prominent soap opem ,tar who 
wakes up ina hospital to lind that she 
has been paralyzed from the waist 
down. She doesn't react with se lf-
pity. but instead demand~ explana-
tions from her doctors. She refuses 
to participate in rehabilitation exer-
cises and ends up at the house of her 
deceased parents in ruml Louisiana 
- a drastic change for someone 
accustomed to the glamour of New 
York City. 

PholO by Bob MarshakIMllramax Fims 
Vondie Curtis-Hall and Alfre Woodard star in Passion Fish. 

She doesn't requi re a physical 
therapist (her goal is to watch televi-
sion and drink herself into oblivion), 
but May-Alice does need a nurse to 
help her get around. A variety of 
nurses come and go, but they all 
become depressed by both the house 
and May-Al iceand leave after a shon 
period. The one nurse who docs stay 
is Chantelle (Alfre Woodward). an 
African-American who i~n't fazed 
by May-A lice'~ pessimislit: despair. 

Chantelle al~o discovers May-
Alice's affection for Rennie (David 
Stmth"im). one of May-Alice . s ch i Id-
hood friends who has married a bom-
again Christian. Rennie takes May-
Al ice and Chantelleout on the bayou 
in some mesmerizing scenes that 

capture the beauty and mystery of 
the swamp. 

Chantellc. t . meets a compan-
ion in Sugar (Vondie Curtis-Hall). 
who has more children and wives 
than he can remember. Sugar's exu-
berance is matched by the Cajun anti 
zydeco dances he takes Chantelle 10. 
The glimpses of Cajun culture with 
music perfoll11ed by bands like the 
Balf,t Brothers anti John DeLafose 
and Ihe Eunice Playbo)" \ho\\ a li1Je 
appreciation for the French. Afri-
can-American and GCI1l1an cu ltures 
which have mdded 111 Loul\ian3. 

Passioll Fish is ~howing al the 
lIillcresl Cinem;ls. all 299-2100 
for more information. 

- Jeff Nlesel 

PAUL TAYLOR 
DANCECOMP~ 

"One af th, mast exciting, Innll",tl"" ,nd delightful d,n" CIImp,nies in the entire world. " 
,,,. N .. , Y ... mr,II 

FEBRUARY 26 & 28 

presented by 
UCSD 
UNIVERSITY 
EVENTS O FFICE 

FRIDAY & SUNDAY • 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS $15 • G .A . $25 

FAC/ STAFF/SR.CIT, $22 ~~..a=.=,_=, 
UCSD BOX OFFICE: 

534-6467 



tl4 Thur8day, February 11, 1993 

Suzanne, Happy Valentine 's Day to a 
pretty little mother. Love and furry 
little hearts from your sister. 

My dearest Mr. Smart Guy. Hey babe, 
you fill up my senses. I love you, and 
I'll be there soonl Happy Valentine 's 
Day. Yours Always, Christie. 

Dave, Jeff, and Jason - We are looking 
fOlward to the formal(s)! I We hope you 
have a Happy Valentine's Day!! -
Love Kris , Stacey, and Nicole. 

• 

A very special and heartfelt V.D. 
greeting to each of you - Kay, Dawn, 
MLE, Joy, Denae, Julie , Kathy, Nicole, 
Dana, Tracey, Janet and the rest who 
have gone unmentioned. Kenneth . 

• 
To the women of Pepper #1112: Never 
has making dinner brought such joy to 
such simple a man . Looking fo rward 
to our column Nicole . Love Chef Joe. 

• 

Thuy, we 've been through a lot 
together, but I never really have told 
you how much you mean to me. You 
mean the world to me and I love you 
very much. Happy Valentine 's Day. 
Love, Joe. 

• 

Catherine-Will you be ""Valentine? 
I Love youl - J.D.M. 

• 

Dear Brent and Dawn. I want you 
to be my Valentines. t love you . 
Aunt Eileen . 

My handsome man, I feel those 
muscles like graphite 
funny toes in the night 
buttocks oh so tight 
cold ears I wanna bite .. . 
I'm lost without you .. . love Trixy. 

• 
Dear Jesus, Thank you for the life 
you've given me. I'll always hold on to 
the promise that nothing separates 
your love from me. Be My Valentine! 
Quack (your creation) 

• 

Dear Lisa and Laura, You both are 
heartshapedtome. HappyValentine's 
Day. Love, Aunt E. 

Bro , Roses are red, violets are blue, I 
look like a monkey, and so do you. 
Love, Big Sis. 

• 

Happy Valent ine ' s Day Gabriel! 
Sorry we couldn't spend our f i rst 
Valentine ' s together. I 'm really 
looking forward to the future when 
we can finally spend time 
together .. . • I cherish every moment 
that we share.· Never forget that 
you ' re a very special person to 
me. I miss youl -Love Laura. 

• 
Bunthers, HeppyVelentine'sDayt can 
we hop to the field .-Id look for you 
cotton tail. Or maybe we'" find some 
carrots on the playground. I LOVE 
YOUI Your Bird. 

• 
HUNNKER MUNNKERII Love You. Be my 
Valentine forever. XOXXOOXOOXXXOX 
Love, Me. 

To Becky: Thank you for all the 
happiness you 've brought me in the 
t ime we 've been together! ! love you 
very much and I'm glad you're finally 
herel - Love, Brian. 

• 

Love? Ha, that's a laugh. Let's face 
facts -I'm a chickenhe~atinggeek, 
and I' m dying alone. Now buzz off. 

• 

Laura, Don 't give up yet, I'll be rid of 
this God forsaken place eventually. I 
love you . Cisco. 

• 

Dear Lydell Galvan, I think you are the 
finest guy in Kaibigang Pilipino. I'm 
totally aching to reveal myself to you. 
I can 't wait 'til tonight. 8:30 gallery B. 
Try not to be late. Love , Your Secret 
Valentine. 

• 

225-- These past three months have 
been a dream come true ... I hope it is 
only the beginningl You make each 
day a little more be..,., ... make 
me look forward to1ht ...... .,.n 
more. Thanks for.u1ht tJrMa we .. 
shared, and I'm ....... b .. 
millions more ... I .. ,.,.,. -MIte. 

• 
To the Beautiful Big Blond Sunbumt 
AXil swimmer who walk me tAt 
the ATM, here's my undying OW 
pledged to you. Forever, Your Next' 
Year Man . 

• 

J.R. What are you thinking goil'€ for Foo? 
You knew I'mtheonly hot buttered popcorn 
birdie ~u'll ever need. That hooter can't 
put peanut butter on the sane wayl 

T..ere' of opportlliuty here to learn 
if you're Illotivated. You can go any 
direction - Inallagerial, technical. 

8\' rCf'1 ull1nl. n~ in Coml'lIl f' r ~n~inrf' rin,:. lJC .. 8n Ui .. ~so. 199 1 • 
• o(l wAr<- I>t' \l t"! it PflWflt i':n,: inc('r - T("l' I"'o l {l~y En~il1 ec"inlt. 

o rtl"" "11 TrI,,'{'om , I'ri Ynl r (' I" ork~. tOllnlRin View, CA. 

We'll be on ampu February 16 & 17 
Plf'aSf' s tol' by (lUI' Infol'lnation t's ion 
TII~'sday, Fehruat·y J 6 5:00 - 7:00 P , lII , 

allla Bar'\'aralLos Angf·lf's Homn Prll' e Center 
, I't' flUl ' C:1I'Ct'l' Plannin g & Plal't'III'lIt ffi(·f' for detail 

.J oi II I I ... 1"'''1'1,' \\ " " 111' (' oI (' I I'I' lII i ll i n~ II ... fllllll'" lOf 1('1"""IIIII1U-
lI i,·" lioll'. (l lll· lI " \"" n oIp, ,·I"I''"''111 f"dlil y ill 1\101111111il1 
, 'i,'" "",I II"" lIIf"" IIIdllJ( fl ... ilil ) ill , nllln CI[l 1'II fll',' 1·(·~IHlII · 
~ih l f ~ fo t' Oll t' r\1 .',·idinu I hll !ol i l1 (· q~ f'I HlIlI1l1l1if~ n'if)1I ~y~ t t' ms­
t1 ... I,'o" i ll~ ,,";\ lI lr 1H'lIlwh •· .. ·hnllf!;'·s illllli' world . 
Fin,l nllt m OI'(' nh,,)"t our ('nmp ll ~ ",isitOl: h "ullturling )01'" 
plll(,rlncni offi, '" or ... ntlill~ your' !' ... ttln .. 311(1 "('lOI' of )0'" ' 

II'O ll81'1'i1'18 In: or'II"'!'n Tdf'f'tllll , Alln : Cnli" gc H"" ","ili ll f!; , 
MG Enol li,ltll .. fi.·lrl 11 01111, 10111110i ll View, CA 9 10:\9·7277 . 
\\ {' 1l1 ... /ln E'IU"I 0ppol'lul1il E",,,lo er. Wc .1 .. 1101 ,li' ('I'II";-
nab'" 0 11 the ),u l'I i of "A ("~, n~ li gio" , ·o lnr, sex , "gt' , fluliollU I 
""igin UI' ,Iisahilil . NOI'thcrl1 Tdec .. m i "o lllln iH('.IIO" ,Irug 
fn'" work"I",'" 01111 1'''''for,"8 "I'c-employmenl It' ling for 
curr .. lIl il legn l u ngc of drug . 

Wonderfu l Woolly Bear, You 're the 
greatest ... and you can sprinkle my 
trees any day. 

Apama S. - Your friendship means 
so much to me and I can 't tell you how 
our talks have cheered me up and 
helped. You are a friend indeedl Love, 
Karma. 

• 
To the Tall Quiet Guy with the fantastic 
Green eyes (you know who you are, 
Jeff) : you were right about Princess 
Leia and Luke so I guess lowe you. 
Can I still get mine, too? All my love, 
Karma. 

PINKY - Here 's a reminder 
that I love you. There's nothing 
much more I want to say here, 
but I'll certainly let you know 
my feelings in a more 
appropriate environment, if you 
know what I mean. Love 
STINKY. 

DOUG - You' .. the most amazing 
VIII: .. MRII t love you so much-
P'- tie my din' buns always! 
...... 1ndL 

• 

To a n, my dear friend whose 
friendship I will treasure forever, 
Yare a LUSH-OUS + special 

rson who understands a great 
t'leal more about life (and me) than 
some of my friends do. I hope I can 
someday return the friendship 
you've given me , and more . So, 
Dongseng, Kamsahamnida , and 
one more thing: Will you be my 
valentine? -JOHN 

The UC D GuardiaD 

EJB: Through all the good times and 
even ' the hard times we are stili 
together. You are very special to me. 
I'm looking forwatJ to this weekendl 
Me, 

S. - The cove VI as great. ·You are 
always on my mind: Luv - E. 

Rob - I 'm burstin g with the 
antic ipation of our special night 
together. Help me escape the past 
and I' ll be yo urs forever . Happy 
Valentine's Dai', darling. Love, 
Cricket. 

Thomas. Happy Valen t ine's Day. I 
love youll Love , Lisa, 

• 

A Beautiful Tigrcss, As your growl 
excites my body- your purr melts 
my heart and soul. A Valentines 
wish for you m) love. Your loving 
Falcon. 

Mon Amant - You fill my vision by day 
and it is you 
my soul sees by night when my eyes 
are asleep. 
What can it be when I see your face, 
you who have conquered my heart so 
deep? - the rookie 

• 

To: My favorite valentine, Sceptic 
BLENDOID - I didn't know you had a 
kid. I can't wait til September -1st 
drinks on me. Will you go to J.B.'8 
biannual bash? 

TO ALL THE -HOT-ASS-HYES- IN THE 
ARMENIAN STUDENT ASSOCIATION-
HAPPY V·DAY! GET READY FOR AN 

INCREDIBLE WEEK-ENDI 
KHMENK. OODENK YEV 
KOONVEENK ... 

Girl with pickup truck desires 
to meet gentleman with 
trailer. Object: to get hitched. 
Vicki. 

• 

Marlborough Man - You stink . 
You're an idiot. Look in you hazy 
mirror - is that pitiful or what? 
Join the sickly Grove Addicts who 
bow to Joe Tobacco Exec. in the 
name of ·cultural diversity.· Why 
don 't you chew tobacco and stop 
pis sing us off? 

• 

To my Baloo, thanks for all the "bear" 
necessities; you make every day a 
celebration of love. Why not take a 
chance and live together? Nothing to 
lose, but everything to gain . I love you 
with all my heart and nothing will 
change that. -MP 

Princess Tami - I hungry f 
love ... Woe I ni, Abu ni ni. Mik 

Captain Kirk, I enjoyed rid ingyourwell-
equipped ship. Although you may not 
be docking in port aga in soon, 
rememberto always check the seal on 
the air lock. Deanna. 

To D.H. Hi sexy ... Just wanted to say 
I LOVE YOU and thanks for being a 
eweetJe. Love will never do without 
you, Babe. XXXOOO, S.T. (Your Belle) 

• 

Christa- I'm 80 haWJ that you've 
found a.t. He's 10 wonderful (and 
lucky). You aIreec:Iy have him, 80 I' ll 
live )'IOu hit words. I love you, Honey. 
~ 

• 
Candy - Hang in there, baby. After 
finals you'll have your V-day in France. 
Until then, will you be my Valentine? I 
love you , Stacey. 

• 

Alex - Thank you for reminding me 
about the innocence and wonder of 
childhood and the beauty of nature . 
Love, Stacey 

Christa - At least this paper has 
some worthwhile news today. Happy 
early Valentines dayl No, you are the 
greatest. Love, Bart. 

Jason - You bring out my sense of 
humor. Thanks for always lending a 
shoulder or an ear. Love, Stacey. 

To Jeffy G -I hate you. Your head 
should be cut off and buried in a 
separate box from your body. Have 
a nice day in Hell. Disrespectfully, 
Spud, 

My Babar, I'll be your Valentine 
every day of our lives if only you'll 
be mine . Alii need to say is I love 
you Wyatt . Your hoggle forever, 
Celeste . 

• 
Dearest Taliitinos, ik hou van joul 
And, at the same time, I hate you. 
Jy bent erg mooi en ik ben bly met 
j ou. FEB. 20 will be here soon I 
Keep the faith 1 ·4 ·3 met 61 
Mikal inos. 

• 

Jeff Mangar - You have the 
raddest green eyes! - Your 
Hopeful Adm irer. 

• 

Hello SPRINGFIELD POLICE.. . No, this 
is 9-1- uh-2. 

David - Thank you for a beautifu! two 
years. I will love you always. I hope 
that this Valentine's Day will be as 
special as the previous ones. Love 
Elizabeth. 

• 

To Jen - that sexy Art Center Gal -
Let me poke you with my pointy ears. 
Spack. 

• 
To: JMR I'll meet you anytime you want 
in our Italian restaurant. -EMC 

KRYS - You light up my soul when 
graduate school cIar1<ens it. Remernberto 
get a sweetheartcleal forme when you get 
the perfect job. Be my Valentine? 

Bryan, I love you with all my heart. On 
July 24, 1993 I would be honored to 
become Mrs. Bryan Moyer. Love always 
and all waysl Pork and beans. Susan 

Chia Ho-Cheerup. You ' ll improve at 
poolevefitually. Kaneda 

Looking out for #1, I have a whole 
bottle of Palomar Reesling and a 
handful of clov~s . Care to take me up 
on it? Stimpy 

While sailing the oceans on the wide 
open seas, I've searched for 
adventure, laughter and mirth . I 
thought I knew happiness until I found 
Leah. Your macho pa/ - Richard. 

Hope, Will you be my Valentine? Love, 
Arthur 

To my Valentine: Roses are red, violets 
are blue, you know how garbage gets 
dumped? Well so are you . Your 
Snoogums. 

Edith - I used to think you were 
someone special. Now I realize you're 
no different from all the other girls -
heartless, calculating, dull in bed. I 
never should have left Hilda. Besides, 
she made better fritters. - Oleg 

THE INTERNATIONALLY RENOWNED SWISS MASK/MIME TROUPE 

PLEASE BABY PLEASE 
................. 1n1lJe 
•••• c ..... n .. 

Upstairs In the Student Center. BullOlrc A. 

457·JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Booksrar) 

• Monday· Thursday 6 am· 11 pm 
• Friday 6 am·midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midn;ght 
• Sunday 8 am· I I pm 

r-------, 
I $100 OFF I I I 
I Any Cappuccino, I I I 
I Mocha, or I 
I Frosted Mocha I 
I One per_ . • .". :lI1/93. I 

MARCH 7 • SUNDAY • 7PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

UCSD Box OFFICE 
534-6467 

"*' 
presented by 
UCSD UNIVERSITY 
EVENTS OFFICE 

~--------------------------------------------------------------~~ ______ ~~ ____________ ~-J •••• 
- --- ---



HIATU 6 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 11,1993 

---------.--------

JUJU 
ROCK 

A Lf: .'A J . " E/I \lA .V 
ENIOR .~TAFf· " 'RITER 

I zzy Stradlin's credibility a a seriou~ mu~ician improv~d wh~n he left his post as Guns 
'n' Rose~ guitarist in November 

1991 . ow touring with his band. 
the Ju Ju Hounds. trJdlin shows 
that with enough faith anti drive, the 
music is all that rea II y mailers. At 
Iguana's in Tijuana Saturday night, 
the audience received a dou ble rock 
'n' roll assault fr m both SIl-adlin 
and the openi ng act, My Little 
Funhow,e. 

Stradlin responded to the impas-
si ned hants of "Izzy. Izzy!" with 
a humble entry onto the ~tage, and a 
ter:"e speed-metal rendition of 
"Bucket O' Trouble" from the 
band's ~e lf- titled debut. TIle ~ong~ 
that followed contained all of the 
raw energy of such clas ic albums 
a:" the Stones' E.lile all MaillStreer. 

However, it was not the aggres-
sive rock tunes th,1t displayed theJu 

Ju Hound ' musical bnlltance, but 
rather the moodier, bluesy rendi-
tions of instant classic such as 
"Time Gone By" and "Shuffle It 
AII."The band'~ Myle paid homage 
to the greats with Dylanesque vo-
cals and Jaggere\que abandon. The 
musi spoke for l1~elf and Stradlin 
satisfied the highexpectationsofhis 
audience. Freed from the commer-
cial constmints of Guns 'n' Roses. 
Stradlin is off to a promising ~olo 
Inn. 

The ~urprbe of the evening was 
the opening Iri ~h quintet known as 
My Little Funhouse. Although their 
self-conscious Mage presence indi-

ate<! inexperience, the music did 
not. The band ripped through nearly 
an hour of passionate hard-rock 
numbers that bordered on heavy 
metal. The ~illne raw ~ound charac-

terize~ their debut album. 
Standl/nder. 

Izzy Stradlin's new hard rock band is 
one to watch for the '90s 

In a telephone interview the day 
before the show at Iguana' s, 
Funhouse gui tari st Brendan 
Morri ssey emphatically denied be-
ing a part of a metal band. "I'd call 
u hardrock,"he aid. "Wehavethe 
same attitude toward music as The 
Clash and The Sex Pistols. We're 
very basic." 

ominally, the band could be 
the Pistols' antithesi ,con idering 
My Little Funhouse is named after 
the vaginal pel nameofbassist Gary 

Devy's girlfriend. Stalldunder was 
produced by Bill Price, best known 
for his work with the Sex Pistols, 
and muchofFunhouse' music does 
contain the garage-rock grunge of 
the '70s punk outfit. Lyrically, the 
band focu es upon the bare and ba-
sic themes of teen angst. sexual frus-
tration and lu t. 

Funhouse would prefer to be as-
sociated with the newly-fashionable 
hard-rock crowd. Morrissey went 
so far as to describe Funhouse's 

The band 
My UttIe 
Funhouse 
was the 
opening act 
for Izzy 
Stradlin and 
the Ju Ju 
Hounds. 

hometown of Kilkenny as becom-
ing "the new Seattle of Ireland ." He 
said band members have eclectic 
musical tastes rangi ng from 
Metallica to R.E.M. and Queen. 

Although such diverse influences 
were not so apparent in their fairly 
consistent performance on Satur-
day night, there were highlight uch 
as the hard-rocking "L.S.D." and 
themoodier"WishingWell." Some 
of the songs could also be compared 
to bands such as Soul Asylum, espe-
cially "Destiny" and "Been Too 
Long" from Srolldullder. With their 
strong start on record and on stage, 
My Little Funhouse is certainly a 
band worth watching forin the '90s. 

If the performances at Iguana's 
and the success of both bands thus 
far are any indication, My lillie 
Funhouse and Izzy Stradlin and the 
Ju 1u Hound are well on their way 
up. 

Thursday, February 11, 1993 

CAGE: Composer experimented 
with pianos and prerecorded tapes 
Continued from pap HI 

"Cage did this - he supelVised 
circuses," Schick said. "If you can 
envi ion a concert hall like a 
rainforest - it is a way of present-
ing different sounds." 

The circus was organized by 
graduate students Kitty Pappas. 
Lukas Schulze, Jason Stanyek and 
Erik Ulman. Schick said the amount 
of work put into the perfonnance 
and the close working conditions 
were nearly unprecedented. 

",The undergraduates] probably 
got more specialized anention in 
this project than ever before, and 
that wa the idea. Cage died last 
year and he is a big figure, but a lot 
of people, especially younger mu-
sicians, are unaware of how impor-
tant he is," Schick said. "So instead 
of giving a course in which we 
simply told people 'this guy is re-
ally important.' we figured we 
would let them figure it out for 
themselves." 

"A Musical Remembrance of 
John Cage" is the title of the perfor-
mance by faculty that will take place 
in the evening. One of the pieces, 
"Credo in US" will utilize a phono-
graph record (Schick would not dis-
close which one, but said it wouldn't 
be "Rhinestone Cowboy") played 
at different interval . The evening 
concert also includes a mini-circus 
with the performance of "Music for 
Four," "Ryoanji" and the ground-
breaking "4'33.'"' 

Cage wrote "4'33"" in 1952 and 
the song consists of only silence. 
According to Schick, the piece still 
resonates. 

"You are so aware of the sound 
left over, which we consider si-
lence, and of course it's not silence 
at all. The implications of the piece 
are startling. Cage considered it his 
best piece and it isa piece which has 
such important implications for all 
of us. 

"Our culture revolves around the 
desire to fill up every instance with 
some planned sonic disturbance. 
There's not a single second when 
our lives are not filled with some 
ambient noise, whether it's the car 
radio or television. If we could be 
seen from above like a scientist 

looks at laboratory rats, there would 
be something remarkable in the fact 
that we con tantly try to fill up our 
lives with sounds." 

Although Cage is someone al-
most everyone has heard of, not 
everyone know the exact titles of 
his pieces and the extent to which he 
debunked the mystique that used 
once surrounded classical music. A 
musical pioneer who began record-
ing in the I 930s, Cage u ed oddities 
such as prerecorded tapes and pi-
ano prepared with nuts and bolts 
placed inside the piano to emit un-
u ual ounds. 

Cage's influence is so compre-
hensive. Schick was reluctant to try 
to asse it in a few sentences. He 
noted that four faculty members are 
teaching classes on Cage and they 
"will just barely scratch the sur-
face. " 

"Cage influenced the music of 
this century by not only affecting the 
musical products, which is what 
everybody does, but he created fun-
damental changes in the process by 
which music i created," Schicksaid. 
"Cage requires a new way of think-
ing abour the process of creating 
mu ic, not just the final result." 

Because Cage (who followed Zen 
religious principles) was an anar-
chist who believed that no govem-
ment was the best solution for the 
world's problems, he didn't become 
involved in politics, even during the 
'60s. And despite the claim that hi 
influence extends to some of rock's 
more experimental figures I ike Frank 
Zappa and Todd Rundgren, Schick 
said he didn't think Cage influenced 
rock. 

"His point of view and aesthetic 
is so different from mass-produced 
commercial music. When you have 
chance controlling music it means 
that every piece is a singular experi-
ence. It is unique and can't be re-
peated. To Cage, popular music in-
volved packaging andmass-produc-
ing something with the intent to 
musically titillate an audience, and 
that is the opposite of what he wanted 
to do," Schick explained. "There is a 
strange peacefulness in his music 
and his life that we generally lack," 
he said. 

LAMPOON: Spoofs ah9und 
Continued from pap H3 
operation headed by General Mor-
tars (William Shatner). 

In the beginning of this movie, 
Luger's partner, Billie York 
(Whoopi Goldberg), is murdered 
by Jigsaw (Tim Curry), General 
Monars' right-hand man. Jigsaw 
pulls off the murder by dressing up 
as a Wilderness Girl, complete with 
fake braids, a beard and a Swedish 
accent, tricking York into letting 
him into her home. Shonly after 
York's murder, Colt is assigned as 
Luger's new partner. 1be two pro-
ceed to investigate the murder and 
the cocaine-to-cookie connection. 

While the spoofs are funny, a 
movie is not made by spoofs alone. 
Loaded Weapon 1 tries to put itself 
in the same category withtheZucker 
brother's classic Airplane, and then 
fails to deliver the humorous sight 
gags and double-entendre one-lin-
ers that make Airplane a comedy 
classic. 

The product promotions, a la 
Wayne's World, don't contribute 
anything even vaguely resembling 

humorous content to the movie. 
Many stars both well-known and 

obscure make cameo appearances, 
giving short doses of humor to the 
movie. One of the beller appear-
ances is by Bruce Willis, (whose 
name does not appear in the credits) 
as he spoofs his role in Die Hard as 
the shot-up and bleeding terrorist 
fighter, John McClaine. 

Jackson is able to execute his few 
funny lines as the straight man, but 
he is eventually left as a stiff in 
search of a funny partner. Estevez 
just doesn't have the comic instinct 
necessary to provide the humor and 
carry the pannership. 

While Esteve.z proved that he is 
able to do comedy in the hilariou 
Men al Work with Charlie Sheen, 
who has a cameo in this movie, he 
simply wasn't funny enough to carry 
off this role. 

Lbaded Weapon! has a few good 
one-liners and a couple of original 
sight gags, but overall it doesn't 
have thecorrect combination to yield 
a successful comedy. 

-Jason Ritchie 

The UCSD Guardian 

23 year old Robert Rodriguez has done the 
impossible: written and directed a terrifi c actionl 
adventure film for $7,500, acquired repre-
sentation at ICM and secured a developmentl 
production deal with Columbia Motion Pictures. 
El Mariachi is a unique thriller set in a futuri stic 
border town in Mexico. Will [/ Mariachi survive? 
In Person: Robert Rodriguez 

~llATU 7 

INTERNATIONAL 
STYLE 1993 UCSD 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUTPATIENT FEMALE 
STERILIZATION 
Insurance. Heahh Plans 

Medi-Cal Accepted 
Visa. Master Card, Discover 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy. 

(619) 698-6601 
MISSION VIEJO 

26400 La Alameda 
(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI. 
(714) 851-1201 

/iii7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 



IIIAT 8 The U D Guardian Thursday, February 11 , 1993 

U P C .0 M I I G p.m. Sunday. Ticket are $17-$32. Info: 278-TIX . 
TOO R Y 

Clarence F ow'ltain and the 
Blind Boys of Alabama 
will perfonn an evening of tra-
ditional Southern go pel mu ic 
at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audito-
rium. Tickets range from $6 to 
$8 for students. Info: 534-4090. 

Last of the Mohicans. star-
ring Daniel Day Lewis. plays in 
the Price Center Theater at 6:30, 
9 and II :30 p.m. Ticket are $2, 

I in advance. Info: 534-6467. 

As part of the ongoing erie , 
"Artists on the Cutting Edge: 
Cros Fertilizations." the Mu-
eum of Contemporary Art will 

ho t an evening of reading and 
improvi at ion wi th Danny 
Glover. George Lewis, 
Quincy Troupe and Shertey 
Anne Williams at the 
Sherwood Auditorium. Admis-
sion for students and M A 
members is $8. Info: 278-TLX 

F RIO H Y 
The WD Polit ical Film e-
ries presents Haiti: Killing 
the Dream at 7 p.m. in oli 
Hall. Admissi n is free. 

The Il1Iemati nul Style Film 
Fe!>tival presents the premiere 
of Clearcut. u anadian film 
starring Graham Greene in 

MandevilleAuditorium at 8 p.m. 
Ticket are 4 for students. Info: 
534-4090. 

SRTURDHY 
A special pre entation of 
Mariachi, an independent film 
made for a mere $7500, will be 
held in Mandeville Auditorium 

part of the lntemational Style 
Film Festival at 8 p.m. The di-
rector will be appearing forques-
tion after the creening. Info: 
534-4090. 

Damn Yankees, with guitar-
ist Ted Nugent. will be appear-
ing at Golden Hall . The show 
starts at 7:30 p.m. F r m re in-
fonnation and ticket price call 
278-TlXS. 

MONDRY 
The 12th Annual Bob Marley 
Birthday Celebration will be at 
Ihe all Diego Sport Arena. The 
fe tival will feature such mu i-
cal lalent a.., Maxi Priest, 
The Wailers, Andrew Tosh. 
and Donovan. Doors open al I 
p.m .. music starts at 2 p.m. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

Univer ily of 8an Die80 
&hoal ofLaw 

. TUESDHY 
An American film, Sure FIre, 
directed by Jon Jost, will be pre-
sented as part of the lntema-
tional Style Film Fe tival at 
MandevilleAuditorium at 8 p.m. 
Ticket for student are $4. but a 
student p to the festival i $25. 
Info: 5 4-4090. 

RIWing Bu', tarring Robert 
DeNiro, plays at the Price Center 
Theatre at 8 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. 
Ticket are $1 in advance, $2 day 
of how. Info: 534-6467. 

Grarnmy Award nominee The 
Wailers play at the Belly Up 
Tavem in Solana Beach at 9 p.m. 
Tickets are 12.50. Info: 481 -

140. 

W[ON[SORY 
A Cage Circus: UCSD Mu-
sic Department Pays Trib-
ute to John Cage will be held 
in Mandeville Auditorium. Stu-
dent performances , tart at 4 p.m. 
Faculty perfonnances tart at 8 
p.m. Admission for student is 
2 for each perfonnance or $3 

for both. Info: 534-5404. 

THERTER 
North Coast Repertory The-
atre: 'The lmmigrant," Mark 
Harelik's tribute to his grandfa-
ther, continues rhrough Feb. 13. 
The play i about a young Jewish 
immigrant in Texas. Perfonn-
ance are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Saturday and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets range 
from $1 to$14. Info: 481-1055. 

Mandel Weiss Theatre: Wil-
liam Shakespeare's "Timon of 
Athens," directed by Matthew 
Wilder, opens Wedne day, Feb. 
17 and continue through Feb. 21 . 
Showtimes are 8 p.m. through 
Friday, Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. Student 
tickets are $6. Info: 534-4574. 

Spreckels Theatre: "Grease:' 
the mu ica! that celebrates teen 
life in the '50 , runs through Feb. 
21 as part of the San Diego Civic 
Light Opera's Broadway Series. 
Shows are at 8 p.m. Tuesday 
through Saturday, 2 p.m. and 7 

GRLLERIES 
Mandevile Gallery: "Con-
ceptual Sculpture: Body and 
Soul." featuring the culpture 
work of Brent Rigg , Daniel 
Wheeler and Lari a Wil on runs 
through March 7. The gallery i 
open Tuesday through Sunday, 
noon to 5 p.m. Free. Info: 534-
2864. 

Musewn of Contemporary 
Art: "Jana Sterbak: States of 
Being" i on di play until Feb. 28. 
The museum i open Tue day 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. and Wedne day 10a.m. t09 
p.m. Admis ion is $2. Info: 454-
3541. 

Grove Gallery: "New Terri-
tory: The Vietnamese Artist 
Project Begin ," a collection of 
work by Vietname e-American , 
i on exhibit through Feb. 20. The 
gallery i open Tue day through 
Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and 
Saturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Admission i free. Info: 534-2021 . 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Perfect Moments on 
Planet Earth," an exhibit celebrat-
ing the Museum's 10th anniver-
ary, continue through March 

14. The exhibit features 180pho-
tos from over 100 photographers. 
The museum is open daily from 
I Oa.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $3. 
Info: 239-5262. 

~ RoundTable Pizza. 
BULLS EYE TAVERN/PRICE CENTER 

Mond.y 
,It r u 

,ltu,.d. 
The University of San Diego School of Law 
invites all individuals interested in the study 

of law to an informational seminar. 

3 107 
SUPER PREMIUM AND IMPORTED BEERS 
AT DOMESTIC PRICES! The program includes: 

• A discussion of the value of legal education. 
• Ad,'ice 011 how to finance law school 
• Demonstration of a first-year class 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1993 
Doors Open at 10:00 a.m. 

Program - 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p,m. 
USD Shiley Theater 

5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 

Following the program, an infonnal buffe t will b 
prov ided from 12:45 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., where USD 

faculty, alumni , and tudents will be available to 
meet with tho e in attendance. 

Call (619)260-4528 for re ervations by 
TUE DAY FEBRUARY 16, 1993 

USD does not discriminate on the baSIS 01 sex. race. color. religion. age. 
natIOnal origin. ancestry or handicap In It poliCIes and programs. 

MONDAY Sierra Nevada 
TUESDAY Fosters 
WEDNESDAY Samuel Adams 
THURSDAY Carlsbet;g 

BULLS EYE TAVERNjPRICE CENTER 

457·2060 
r-----------,-----------, I Large Thin Crust I Eggplant Parmesan I 
: Double Pepperoni : or Meatball Parmesan : !~'099 PIZZA!S~~~$3!!! 
I I I 
I ~I ~I 
I 0... coupon per pizzo NoI ""I;d .... th any Round I One coupon po< pizzo NcI...,tiel with any Round I Oiher ofIw 0< discount Good """ 2/28/ 93 Table. *" oI!w 0< eliK""nt. Good """ 2/28/ 93 Table 

01 ucso. A57. 2060. .t05 Plz:za I 01 UCSO. 457·2060 .t05 Plz:za 

------------"-----------


