
ELSEWHERE 

UC Davis Adopts 
The Cow as Mascot 
DAVIS - By capturing 
1,270 votes, the cow was the 
top vote-getter in an election 
to determine UC Davis' 
official mascot. The cow 
topped the Aggie and the 
mustang, which received 
1,005 and 776 votes, respec-
tively. "What mascot do we 
want bouncing around the 
football field? We need the 
cow. I think it ' s cute," said 
UCD student Jill Peace. The 
cow will not replace the name 
associated with campus 
athletic teams, which will 
continue to be the Aggie. 

Students Question 
Day's Use of Perks 
SAN DIEGO - San Diego 
State University President 
Thomas Day's use of the 
Student Health Services for 
free prescription drugs has 
been questioned by students as 
a misuse of university funds. 
Day 's admission earlier this 
month that he was receiving 
pills from the health center 
without paying for them raised 
questions from some students 
and faculty as to the propriety 
of the use of a student-
supported health center by a 
member of the faculty. Last 
year, Day approved legislation 
requiring all students to pay a 
$55-per-semester health fee, 
which forced Student Health 
Services to become student-
run. 

Fired Staffer Sues 
UCSB,Regents 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
former UC Santa Barbara 
Facilities Management (FM) 
employee filed a lawsuit 
against several campus 
administrators and the Board 
of Regents over his August 
1992 dismissal. Christopher 
Browne alleges that he was 
let go in retaliation for his 
efforts to keep FM from 
violating university regula-
tions on contracts. 

INDEX 

REFORM 
OPINION: Should the 
selection of the UC 
Regents be reformed? 4 

SPORTS: An inter-
view with ski king 
Warren Miller 18 

INSIDE 

U DBHIEFS ... .. .. ..... .. ... .... ..... .. 2 
ALVIN & HOBBES .... ....... .. .... ... 2 

LIGHTS & ' IREN .......... ..... ...... 3 
OPINION ............. .. ... ... ......... .... 4 
CLASSIFIEDS .. .......... : ..... .. .. ..... 16 
SPORTS .. .. ... .. ............. ..... .... : ... 20 

USED 

T H E u c 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29,1993 

PECIAL REP RT 

By PHILIP MICHAELS, NEWS EDITOR 

"Alloftbe 
newspapers 
are suffering 

right now. 
Advertising 

revenue Is down 
so everyone'. 
cutting back." 
-Dan Hallin, 

UCSD 

Communications 

Professor 

CONFRONTED 
BY DECLINING 

ADVERTISING REVENUE 
AND INCREASING DEBT, 

CAMPUS NEWSPAPERS 
ARE FEELING 

THE PINCH OF A 
SLUGGISH ECONOMY 

TH E F ALL SEMESTER HAD barely 

begun at UC Berkeley, but already 

the staff of the Daily C(liijom ia l/ , 
the campus' student newspaper 

since 1897, realized that it was 

facing an uphill battle. Instead of 

simply dealing with the normal 

pressures of balancing newspaper ',. 

deadlines with final exams and 

term papers, the staff at the Daily Cal was forced to deal with perhaps 

the worst financial crisis in the history of the paper. Confronted with 

declining advertising revenue and growing debts, the editors knew 

that hard decisions would have to be made. The future of the Daily 

Cal did not look rosy. 

"Crisis is not something new at the Daily Cal," Editor in Chief 

Nick Perlmuter said in early September. "We' re prepared to make as 

much sacrifice as possible to ensure the survival of thi s newspaper." 

Indeed, the staff of the Daily Cal was prepared to make the biggest 

sacrifice imaginable, but under the circumstances it really had no 

choice. In September, Perl muter announced Ihat the newspaper was 

cutting back its production schedule to three times a week. 
See PAPERS, Page 8 

s D 

VOLUME an . I S: ld~ II) 

Students 
Angered by 
Pay Hil{e 
REACTION: ollle 
faculty, administrators 
defend regents' deci 'ion 

'-

By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Woter 

niver\ity oj Calilol"lll;1 stu-
denb throughou t the ,tate rem.:teu 
with di~apI)()intl1l elll dnd anger to 
the Board 01 Regent,' del.:i,ionlO 
i nc rea~e the \alill ie\ of IHl'PI-
tal t!\el.:lIti, e\ . 

The del.:i,ion. handed do\\ n as 
fee il1l:rea,e, are being JlI \lp(N~d. 
wi 11 rai,e hO,Pllill e\el"LIII' e "liane, 
by an average 01 21 percent begll\-
ni ng next year. The regenh \oted 
13-5 in I'm or of the pa) Inned\e, at 
their NOl'Cmher meeling. 

"We are adamantly oppo,eu 10 
the del.:ision."' \aid Donny Emerick 
of the niversi lyof alilornia IU-
de nt Associalion ( SA). "As a 
student, I would be outraged. It" \ a 
bummer - it" __ li!..e a ~Iap'" 

"We're obviolls ly ~ery di .... ~lp­
pointed. e,pecial ly in light of the 
Ii,eal nisi,." ' ,aid ~,oc laled SIU-
de nts Vice I I"l!\ldenl bternal ick 
Endre:-, . 

Although -mll'I!\ ~aid he could 
not speak on behalf of the en tire 
A.S .. he fe lt conliden l tha i J1l0~t 
A.S. memhers shared hi~ opposi-
tion 10 the dec ision. 

However, ofticiab and fac-
ulty repre~entatives(kfendcd the sal-
aly increase,saying it WlL,nel.:l.:e,slu·y 
in order to maintain a mangaging 
staff that iSl.:ompctitive with tho,eof 
other academic hospitab. 

'"To run a hospi lal effeclively. 
you have to have people that are 
good in the busine,,"· ~aid UC D 
Academic Senate Chair tephcn 
Cox. "A nd YO Ll have to pay Ihem 
competit ive ly 10 !..eep Ihem ."· 

Cox saId he fell it wa, importanl 
for student, 10 know Ihalthe Jlloney 
for the sa lary increa,e, will not 
come direc tly from slUdent fees. 

'"There isn'l any direci impaci 
on stude nt, bel.:all~e il uoc,n ' l have 
anyth i ng to do wil h sllItient fees .. 
he sa id. 

See PAY, Page 3 

Service Club Brings Warmth to Del Mar Migrant Camp 
By Rosette fleming 
Guardian Reporter 

When Sam Pickslay, chief 
member of the community service 
group Rotaract, hired a migrant 
worker, he had no idea of the 
appaling conditions the worker and 
his family faced in a migrant camp 
in Del Mar. 

After driving to meet the man 
he h.ad hired at his migrant camp 
home, Picks lay initiated a move to 
donate blankets to the workers and 
their families . On Nov. 20, the 

migrant camps were given over 50 
blankets by members of Rotaract, 
a subdivision of the La Jolla 
Golden Triangle Rotary Club. 

In the camp, families with small 
children live in houses that are 
built piecemeal from scraps of 
pressed board and cardboard. The 
roofs of most of the shacks are 
covered with trash bags which are 
anchored by rocks and wood. 

The men stand outside trying to 
warm themselves near small fires, 
while the children shiver nearby. 

Although many of these families 
work, they are not able to bring 
home enough money to buy t1re-
wood. 

At 8 a.m. last Saturday, a cara-
van of cars bearing Rotaract mem-
bers drove out to the migrant camp. 
Arriving at the home of the family 
that Pickslay knows, members 
handed out a large box of blankets 
that were donated by Dorothy 
FortneratWarrenHou ingservices. 

The group then ventured down 
the mile-long tretch of shacks, 

handing bl anket!'. to children as 
they emerged from their window-
less houses. Close to 50 hlan!..et~ 
were distributed that da . 

The ca.mp is se t agui nl-t the hi ll s 
of Del Mar surrounded by hou~ing 
development . The land the mi-
grants li ve on belong, to contrac-
tor who will soon evict them in 
order to begin conw uction n new 
townhou e . 

At present , local re~ideJlts are 
petitioning the ci ty to eVIct the 

See ROTARACT, Page 10 



2 NEWS 

Fraternity Hosts Drug 
Legalization Forum 
DISCUSSION: Four panelists tackle the pros and 
cons of legalizing drugs at the Tuesday night event 
By Jennifer Nicoll 
Guardian Reporter 

Approximately 60 students lis-
tened to pro and con arguments 
about the legalization of drugs in 
an open forum held last Tuesday 
in Peterson Hall. 

Organized by the cooed, pre-
law fra ternity Phi Alpha Delta, 
the forum centered 
around a debate 
between the fou r 
panel ists in atten-
dance. 

claims. ·'The reason people use 
drugs is because thcy enjoy it; we 
live in a hedonistic society," he 
said. Amador added ihat he be-
lieved that legalizing drugs would 
encourage people to use drugs, 
and many would eventual ly be-
come addicted as a result. Legal-
ization would also lead to parents 

using drugs, 
Amador said , 
which wou Id "cre-
ate a negative ex-
ample for their 
children." Panelists argu-

ing in favorofdrug 
legalization were 
Libertari<.ln Party 
repre~entative Ri -
chard Rider and 
DJane Anshell, 
who was from the 
NationalOrganiza-
tion forthe Reform 
of Marijuana Laws 
(NORML). 

"The reason 
people use 
drugs is 
because they 
enjoy it; we live 
in a hedonistic 

Ridercountered 
that legalization 
would make those 
who sell drugs re-
sponsible for their 
products, making 
drugs safer. Ac-
cording to Rider, 
80 percent of the 
3,500 drug-related 
deaths that oc-
curred last year 
could have been 
prevented by legal-
ization. 

El Cajon Police 
Sergeant Jon Lane 
and San Diego 
Deputy District At-
torney Robert 
Amador presented society. " 

Amador argued 
that if drugs were 
legalized, health 
cos ts related to 

the arguments 
against legaliza-
tion. 

- Robert Amador, 
San Diego Deputy 

M oder <.ltor 
Michael Parrish, a UCSD profes-
sor of history and advisor to Phi 
Alpha Delta, asked fourquestions 
of the panelists and gave them 
five minutes apiece to respond to 
each question. 

The questions addressed the 
social and econmic effects of drug 
legalization, how legalization 
would affect those who seek drug 
rehabilitation and the effects le-
galization would have on i llegal 
drug traffic. 

The proponents of drug legal-
ization cited many statistics about 
drug-related crimes. According to 
Rider, users steal to support their 
drug habits. 

··1 n San Diego, 80 percent of 
incarcerated criminals are in jail 
because they are trying to support 
their drug habit," Rider said. He 
added that legalization would cur-
tail these crimes. 

Anshell supported Rider's ar-
gument. "The U.S. has the highest 
per capi ta rate of imprisonment in 
the world," ~he sa id, adding that 
California has the highest per 
capita rate of imprisonment in the 
United States. 

Rider concluded that legaliz-
ing drugs would reduce the drug-
related crime rate in the United 
States. 

Amador disagreed with Rider's 

District Attorney drug use would in-
crease. As an ex-

ample,hecited the effect that mari-
juana ha on students. "[M ari-
juana) disrupts school discipline 
because it interferes with (stu-
dents' ! cognitive and behavioral 
activities," Amador said. 

Opponents and proponents of 
drug legalization agreed that more 
education about Jrugs and drug-
related health issues is necessary 
to deter people from becoming 
addicted. 

··Society need. education, re-
habi l itation and treatment, inside 
and outside of prisons [to decrease 
the number of drug users]," 
Anshell said. 

Lane agreed that education has 
decreased the number of drug us-
ers. For the tirst time in his 22-
year career, Lane said, drug use 
among high school undjunior high 
school students is down. 

Although only live minutes of 
the forum was devoted to ques-
tions from the audience, Phi Al-
pha Delta Foru m Chair A lex Vogel 
said that the purpo~e of such fo-
rums is to "let people t,llk about 
unresolved issues ill u construc-
ti ve manner. 

''It was a good forum because 
four views were presented," said 
Vogel, adding that the forum did 
not change his opi nion about drug 
legal ization. 

The UCSD Guurui un 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN Ie HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

lET·s SEE ... TO A~E ~, 
Ti~III4(")~~ ~ \"lli)p,roRS 

~o NelT SCA\jffiG~. W£.\l. ~EED 
~ ~\l.llt ~ 8RI~f c:NtltWi:'~ (:Ji 

M-" 'f4~\i. 00.'* t~ro SKE.l£i/ll. 
STltuCTIJRE. SKUu.. l;)£.S\G~, 

._BIlT nRsT. Wt.\.L 
OAA'N ~M I'louR-rS 
01'- '" T R£x EATlHG 
I'£OP\..£ 114 mE 
l'I"'iURAl \WS1QRi 

I 1'i011C.£ '(001( 
\lEN) 15 

5\\RINKIt-IG 
B,l\(K TO 
~~ s~ttG1\\, ~n:.l-ITI~ RU\\tII~G 
SI'E~O , I>.t{O eWIR\)~\If.~T~L 
~~l£,/Oum~ . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

F~C.\ORS . 

~. lMiS nI£ 
915'1 PP-Rl. 1* 

'fIRIT1E14 HAAP ~Irr 'Nile; 
'iO<l~ I'.ll'£~ GEm~" "ttll'\( 

'iH. "lIP MIo.v:JtlG 
TI\e>E. F\Jt\tl~ ! 

OAA.'riII\G5 . , 
..... ,--....-11 

~ 

MUSalM 

KCYN fill t \j"~£ TO \lc 15 
~RlTE £~ti."fl\-\I~(, l Kl-Oli 

~\Ji T'i1tAAt-lOSJo.I.lRS 
IrLL B'C. " BREE!.E" 

N~MI>.l 511£ 

Exchange Program Seel{s Students 
UCSD students who attainjunior status by June are 

eligible to apply for a new exchange program between 
UCSD and the University of New Mexico. 

For math, science and engineering majors, the 
program combines a summer of paid research at the 
Los Alamos National Laboratory with a semester of 
study at UNM·Los Alamos, which includes further 
research and course work. Applications for this pro-
gram are due in early January. 

Students interested in the engineering program 
should meet with Revelle College Provost Tom Bond 
on Thursday, Dec. 2, at 4 p.m. in the Price Center's 
San Francisco/ Santa Cruz Room. 

Students in the arts, humanities or social sciences 
will be eligible for the Fall Semester exchange and a 
unique opportunity to study the art, archeology, litera· 
ture and history of Northern New Mexico. 

Professor Jehan Teilhet·Fisk will lead a discussion 
of this part of the program in a meeting scheduled for 
Tuesday, Jan. 11, at 4 p.m. in the Price Center's San 
Francisco/Santa Cruz Room. 

Students who want more information about either 
program should call 534·1571. 

Regents Establish lable Chair 
For UCSD School of Engineering 

The University of California Board of Regents has 
approved the establishment of the Walter J. Zable 
Chair in Engineering at UCSD. 

Funded with an endowment of $500,000 from 
Walter J. Zable, chairman of the board, president and 
chief executive officer of the Cubic Corporation, the 
chair will be held by the incumbent dean of the UCSD 
School of Engineering. 

Subject to university and campus policies, income 
from the fund will be spent at the discretion ofthe dean 
on fellowships, faculty recruitment, teaching, research 
and other needs of the school. 

"I 'Want to do everything I can to help the Engineer-
ing School, which I believe is tops in California.· said 
Zable. "I hope this gift will help the school move even 
further ahead.· 

Zable, an advocate of a strong, practical orienta-
tion to engineering education and research, has dem-
onstrated a consistent commitment to UCSD engi· 
neering by supporting graduate fellowships over the 
past 14 years. 

"In designating this chair for the incumbent dean of 
the School of Engineering, Walter Zable has shown not 
only great generosity but great insight. ·· said UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

"This gift will be an Invaluable resource to Robert 
Conn as he assumes the position of dean, as well as 
to his successors in the coming years. I hope that 
Walter's gift will set a precedent for support of other 
academic leadership positions on our campus: 
Atkinson added. • 

Born June 17, 1915, in Los Angeles, Zable was first 
exposed to the field of electronics during his high 
school years in Cambridge , Massachusetts. 

Zable attended the College of William and Mary, 
receiving a degree in phYSics in 1937. That same year, 
he earned a master's degree in physics and math from 
the University of Florida. 

In 1951, Zable founded Cubic Corporation with an 
initial investment of $5 ,000. From a one·man opera· 
tion, Cubic has grown to a firm with nearly $350 million 
in sales and 3,200 employees. 

Annual Holiday Faire Will Take 
Place This Wednesday at Revelle 

Revelle College will host its annual Holiday Faire 
Wednesday, Dec . 1, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Revelle 
Plaza. 

The Faire, sponsored by the Revelle Semi·Formal 
Committee, will feature vendors and food . 

RENE BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 

ELAINE CAMUSO, ASSOCiate News Editor 
• DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

Spong. Jason Thompson 

BRIAN K. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

ARON MIUER, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 

DESIGNERS: Wilson Cheung. Brenna Latham. Bnan Lee. Marcus LO\lt)la 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: Romeo Carambas. Timothy Chen. Jason Curran. Oan 
McDowell. Jason Ritchie. Danny Rusplni. Amy Zlot 
copy READERS:Sarah Fernald. Aron Miller. Sara RliOOlph. Jenny Wrenn 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT: Karen Cheng 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Tara Eoff 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANT: Hugh Perkin. Craig Stokle I/Ie UCSD Gu;WM11s pod$hed Mor><Iays and 1hoIsOI/S ~nc lI\e 8aICIefn( ~11 Dy and IOIl1\e SIUOenII 

Of ucso. ~ 0I1h1s~' In Iff( I«m, w!lell\ef In wnoIe 0< In pal, wIIIlOUt petmisSion Is 
IIriclIy 1)IOI>IDoIed. 0 1993. aI II&/IIS .. _ . I/Ie IJCSD Gu.ln1M1 is not It5jXXlsible IOIl1\e ,.11Im 01 
IKI$OIIOIed manusa!p!s .. 1IIt The views e~ In If3PII'CS and SIg>ea ~t1eR 0< c:o<nmef1IaIIes 00 
not neces$8lly teptsent !he opinions of I/Ie IJCSD Guardian, !he ltiIefli~ of Caltfomla. 0< 1he As_ Sludents.1he IJCSDGuatdl.wlis h.nded 50IelyDy -f1J,q.1II&Jc plies - , 0011·' krow 
"'*' \'011 came from. 1>1.11 SIft 00 IiI<e 'fO'Spllie iIUSl 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, Associate Photo Editor 

BOB DoANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advert,smg Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising DeSigner 

BEN BOYCHUK, Classlf,ed Representa!tve 

ERIC SCHMIDT, EdItor in Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Opinion Editor 
SHANNON BLfDSOE, Copy Editor 

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS: Ben Boychuk. Karen Cheng. Francisco DeVries. 
Ben Freund. Jenny Galang. Gaye Johnson. Dan Krauss. Ken Perlman. David 
Snow, Care U<lell. Gregg Wrenn 
STA"" WRITERS: Erin An<lerson. Shannon Brady. Debra Bronstein. John 
Godfrey. Dan Hattis, Melissa Jacobs, Erik Johnson, Murall Moorthy, Jeff 
Praueht. Ely Rabanl. Rltu Saxena, Stephanie Simon. Alexander Thiesen 
ILLUSTRATORS: Mlcha Croft. Nathan Erlln. Roger Kuo. Dominic Lobbla. AI 

Editorial: 534-6580. BUSiness Office: 534-3466. Fa.: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093- 0316 
Actusllocatron: SecOnd Floor. UCSO Sluden Center BUlldl", 'At 

Monday, November 29, L993 

PAY: Student 
leaders disappointed 
by regents' decision 
Continued from page 1 

According to UC spokesman 
Mike Alva, the salary increases 
will be funded solely by revenue 
generated from patient care. 

However, student leaders mai n-
tain that the hospital revenue, tech-
nically a separate source of funds, 
still has an impact on student fees. 

For instance, Endres said, stu-
dents were each spared a $150 fee 
increase last year when $50 mil-
lion of hospital funds was di verted 
to Other uses. " [The regents) can 
use the hospital money for other 
purposes," Endres said. 

One purpose, suggested 
Emerick, would be to fulfill the 
primary goal of the university by 
funneling hospital revenue back 
into the educational system rather 
than using it to increase salaries. 

"[Using the money to increase 
salaries), for us. is the wrong use 
of those funds," Emerick said. 

Eyen if the salary increases 
don't directly affect student fees, 
Endres added, the siml'!:: notion 
of paying executives more money 
in a time of financial distress is 
unacceptable. 

"It's a symbolic thing more than 
anything else," Endres said. 

Endres and Emerick both said 
that the regents' decision to raise 
the hospital executives' salaries 
would exacerbate the university's 
bad image in the eyes of many 
already critical state legislators. 

"Doesn't it look pretty bad to 
legislators?" asked Emerick. " How 
can we go to the state and ask them 
for more money?" 

According to Endres, the A.S. 
wil\ wri te thank you letters to the 
regents who opposed the decision 
and will wri te more cri tical letters 
to those regents who supported 
the salary increases. 

In addition, Endres said, the 
A.S. will attempt to put pressure 
on the regents by contacting state 
legislators and informing them of 
the regents' decision. 

T he UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS &. SIRENS 
Saturday, Nov. 20 
2:30 a.m.: A 20-year-old student attempted to commit suicide at Marshall 
College. Transported to Thornton Hospital. 
3:43 p.m.: A 37·year-old male non-affiliate was arrested at Black's Beach 
for indecent exposure. Cited and released. 
Sunday, Nov. 21 
9:30 a,m,: A non-affiliate was ordered off campus after creating a 
disturbance at the Grove Caffe. 
2:16 p.m.: A student reported receiving annoying phone calls at Blake 
Hall. 
4:04 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a gray '87 Chevrolet 
Caprice from Lot 309. Loss $3,500. 
6:04 p.m,: A student reported the theft of a black '91 VW Jetta GLI from 
Lot 208. Loss: $13.000. 
6:08 p,m.: A student reported the theft of a briefcase from the Media 
Center. Loss: $61.25. 
9:12 p.m.: A female student suffered a mild seizure at the Marshall 
College apartments. Transported to Thornton Hospital by paramedics. 
Monday, Nov. 22 
12:05 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a blue '88 Yamaha YSR50 
from Lebon Drive. Loss: $650. 
:1.0:10 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a blue-green Red Line 
Conquest B21 bike from McGill Hall bike rack. Loss: $400. 
12:2:1. p.m.: A non·affiliate reported vandalism to the AP&M basement 
men's bathroom. 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported damage to a white '90 Nissan Sentra by 
a fallen tree branch in Lot 603. Loss: Unknown. 
Tuesday, Nov. 23 
9:15 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a Ight blue specialized Hard 
Rock B·18 bike from the Muir College dorms bike rack. Loss: $300. 
6:56 p.m.: Officers transported a 22·year-old male non-affiliate to County 
Mental Hospital from North Torrey Pines for being a danger to himself and 
others. 
8:05 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a white '92 GMC Jimmy truck 
from Lot 104. Loss: $20,000. 
Wednesday, Nov. 24 
10:25 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a blue Trek B·21 bike 
from the Central Library Loading Dock. Loss: $400. 
:1.1:00 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a grey Huffy Terra Pro B·18 
bike from the Marshall College residence halls. Loss: $300. 
2:08 p.m.: A driver of an '80 Yamaha MC suffered a possible concussion 
and complained of chest pain on Villa La Jolla Drive at La Jolla Village 
Drive. Transported to SCriPPS Hospital by paramedics. Vehicle stored for 
safekeeping. 
2:2:1. p.m.: Officers reported a non·injury accident on Voigt Drive between 
a blue '91 Mitsubishi and a white UC Cushman Cart. 
3:25 p.m.: Officers reported a non-injury accident on Voigt Drive between 
a white '87 Ford Econoline and a grey '87 Mitsubishi LS. 
7:19 p,m.: Units responded to a burglarly alarm at IRPS computer lab. 
Officers found students inside and reset the alarm. 
Thursday, Nov. 25 
2:00 a.m,: Officers recovered a red '88 GMC Jimmy. Stored at La Jolla 
Towing. 
9:34 p.m.: A staff member reported a burglary to various rooms at AP&M. 
Loss: Unknown. 
Frfday,Nov,26 
3:33 p.m,: A staff member reported the theft of a cordless telephone from 
Pacific Hall. Loss $230. 
5:30 p,m.: A student suffered a broken tooth and laceration on the chin 
when his bicycle slipped on wet pavement on the broadway between 
Mandeville Hall and the Muir Biology Building. Victim sought treatment at 
Scripps Hospital. 

-Compiled by Phlllp Michaels, News Editor 

It's easy. just come in (no appointment) 
and take the next available s tylist 

Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut 
Blow dry and styling $4 ex la 
Full service reQ $2 ·$26 

Standby fares are sub]ec to 
availability of stylists To 
Insure laster service. Irs 
best to come on weekday s 

M-F-S 9-6pm T-W 1 9-8prn 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive · La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Cenler (near Ralph's and Sav·On) 
IVIEN - VVClIVIEN 

NOW ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* M.D,'s TRAINlNG M.D,'S-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparation & medical ,.:hool application! 

admissions assistance arc all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent progmm taughl hy U(,SD-tr:lincd 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D -Ph.D. candidates. & Engli<,h DepJrtment 
faculty. 

• THE ORIGiNATOR 01 intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in·class in\truCilon & rcal 1(" AT 

testing. problem solving, reading/writing work~hor'. revicw grollp'o 
med school application & admis,iol1s watcgics. & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review nNes. rcalhng & writmg 
siudyguides. MCAT & admissions strategy hundout" pr.)blem ,ct-. & " 
MeAT-quality timed prJctice exams. 

• REAL MeAT TESTING ror i n-cl;l~s & \;]I.l'-Iu)me rr~clicc 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med Mudent~. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med ~chool applical lon help included. 
• .. OWER TUITION than other courses. 

~ I:i€lJ 
APPLY NOW! 456-5656 

V I iiI' IIlfJ\ I lio 1I fS 
V I Ii (' hi'S f i 11\ I I'll cl or.\· 
V 11i(' hesf malerials 
V lit (' hn f rcs lilt., 
V II/( , I () 1\ . n: c 0\ : 

San Diego 's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor in Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. Copy Editor 
PHILIP MICHAElS. News Editor 

DOUG AlEXANDER. Opinion Editor 
Tile UCSD Gvardian 'S pul>1I1he<1 twice a week at tne Un'II8rslty ot Calolomla. San Ooeeo . Contents 
01993. Views e""resseo herein .. ",esent the majo" \)' vote 01 the editorial board. and are nol 

necessarity those of the UC Board or Re&enls. the ASUCSO. nor the entire Guardian steff. 

Salary Increase for UC 
Hospital Execs is III-Timed 

The University of California Regents' decision to raise the 
salaries of UC hospital executives is one of those i sues which 
evoke mixed reactions. On the one hand, the executives certainly 
de erve a rai e - a UC study reported that cxecuti ve ~alaries at the 
UC Medical Center lagged 20 percent behind the national avemge. 
But on the other hand, the pay raise seems ill-timed in light of the 
ongoing budget crisis, especially with yet another fee hike looming 
on the horizon. 

At their meeting earlierthis month in San Francisco, the regents 
voted 13-5 to mise the pay of the UC's hospital executives by an 
average of21 percent beginning next year. At the same meeting, the 
regents approved a budget that could raise fee!> by an addi tional 
650 next year, unless the governor increa es the university's state 

funding by eight percent (and given Gov. Wilson 's prevIous 
budgets, thi seems highly unlikely). 

Supporters of the mi es argue that the boost in pay i necessary 
to keep lOp executives with the university. If UC hospitals are to 
remain competitive, so the argument goes, the university must be 
willing to pay whatever it takes to maintain a top-notch staff. 
Besides, proponents point out. the raises are coming out of hospital 
revenue anyhow. 

That may be, but right now the un iversity' . medical centers are 
losing money. The UCSD Med Center, for example, is anticipating 
a $3 million deficit by the end of this year. How wi ll the hospitals 
be able to Jfford the pay hikes when they're in the red? Probably by 
receiving some sort of allocation from the UC's general budget. 

Do hospital executives deserve salary hikes? Certainly - they 
run a world-class fac il ity and should be compensated for their 
talents. But faculty and staff deserve pay hike too. Students 
de erve to be provided wi th an affordable education. The regents 
may have good intentions with this recent pay mise, but theirtiming 
is lou y. 

When the university finds itself in dire financial straits - which 
it does right now if UC President Jack Peltason is to be believed 
some sort of priori tizing is in order. With students payi llg more than 
ever before, with faculty taking a pay cut last year, with the 
university's fi nancial aid program in ruins, the UC system simply 
can't afford pay increases for its hospital executives. 

Names for Fifth College 
Fall Short of the Mark 

After three years of accepting sugge tions, Fifth College is close 
to selecting a pemlanent name. Fifth has tentatively announced five 
names from which the selection comminee will choose: Marie 
Curie, Helen Gahagan Douglas, Amelia Earhart, Nadine Gordimer 
and Eleanor Roosevelt. Many, includlllg the editorial board at the 
GuordlCll1, wen: somewhat thrown by the grand unveil ing of names. 
Marie Cu ne? Ilielia Earhart? A scienti t and a failed aviator cu'e 
tl.Lfdl y appropriate for a colleg(' grounded in the social sciences anJ 

,uma!1itle~ As for Gordirner. Douglas or Roo~evelt, onc would 
.. nl\ hope FII'Ih could do belt r. 

ome rla\ sugge led that oy hmil1ng the pool ~xclusi 'ely to 
worne m, re qualified candid< te may have been pas\cd by. Thi~ 
hm, \,lI11t: credence cspe ially consid ring the individuJIl:ho~en I~ 
supposed to have internatIOnal expcrience - a realm partlculm'ly 
domi naled by men. However, given that the four other l:olleges are 
named att::1 men, as are the vaSi majority of the butlJing~ n 
campus. choo~ing a woman is appropriJte - and long overdue. 

Howe er, while it!> pro-woman stance should be commended. 
the committee ~omehow failed to notice that all fi ve I)fthe~e women 
are white. In a university that purports to ernbmce the plinciple of 

dive~jty, the exclusion of women of color from the final selection 
in the naming of Fifth College is an enormous blunder, and for 
many, n thing les than offensive. 

The burden of responsibility fall. upon the ~le II n commllte~ 
When the outcome 01 three years of gathering ~uggestion~ I~ 
Amelia Earhart and four ther white women, it seems clear that the 
selection process has been less than succe ful. The naming of a 
college is an important task and it should not be rushed. Thurgood 
Marshall College went 20 years without shedding its number. Fifth 
should consider extending the selection process. 

The UCSD Guardian MunclilY . Nun'mlll'l' ~I) . 11)1)3 

PINION 

AI Spongl Guardlan 

A GRASS-ROOTS CAMPAIGN TO 
DEMOCRATIZE THE UNIVERSITY 

COMMENTARY: The "Responsible Management of the Univer ity of 
California" initiative is the first serious, coherent effort at UC reform 
By Ely Rabanl 
Staff Writer 

paign managers and campaign contributor~. Only one of 
Ihe regents has any credentiab relevant to eciucat ion. 

Throughout the recent years of crisis. observer have 
found many faul ts with the Uni versity of California. 
Before the UC faced financial peril, there were strong 
concemsexpressed aboutthedi versity and accountabilily 
of the UC Board of Regents. and recently, these concerns 

DUling the last year there have been twO at:ti ve dfom 
to change UC governance, but th b requi res an amend-
menlto the California Consti tution. One effort i~ U pl!t ilion 
campaign. The other is the UC Student Association sup· 
ported bill, ACA 20. now in the state Legislature. ACA 20, 

have only been heightened. Most press-
ing is the question of whether the present 
regents really place a high priority on the 
principles of accessibility and quality of 
education. There is now a ballot initia· 
tive campaign In motion to change the 
way the UC i~ run. This gms!>-roots cam· 
paign, perhaps the best chance in a gen· 
eration to improve the way a vital institu-
tion in California is govemed, depends 
on your support. 

Only the worst about the regents will 
be ~ummanzed Despi te a requirement 
in th California Constitution that re-
gems be broadly reflecti ve of the di ver-
sity of the Slate, the UC Regents don't 
100 ' like Calttonlla. The median per· 
sonal wealth of the regent:., 1'01 instance, 

wa~ computed to be at least $700.000 
(and wa~ probably much more, in 199 I. 
[t I ~ nor uncommon for a regent to have 
a fi nancial stake in the board'sdc:c l ~lons 

Although the Board of Regenb has 
passed ~ ~uccess ion of austere budget~ 
(downsiZing the university) It has reo 

tu~ed <In utside IinanC'lal audit to demo 
on tn1le the neces~i t . ot this or ~uggest 
alternatives lnternal ace untlll~ data to 
ju~ti fv liS deCision. ha~ been Ie~s than 
torthcomll1g. While It is clear that the 
state budget crisi has been dtivlIlg the 
uni ersity' \ financial difficulties, II' sun· 
clear INhether the regem have ~ho en 
the best course and priodties in re ponse 
to thl' challenge. Many feel that t hi~ is a 

The most 
pressing 
question is 
whether the 
regents really 
place high 
priority on the 
principles of 
accessibility 
. and quality of 
education. The 
petition to 
democratize 
the UC may be 
the best way 
to make the 
regents 
accountable. 

which originally would ha ve shi fted the 
appointment of some regents to the Leg· 
islature, has been compromised lIluch 
since introduction. Many close to this 
effort have expre~sed doubb about its 
passage, even in di luted form. Both the 
stance that the Legislature ha~ taken on 
UC issues over recent yl!ar~, and a com-
parison wi th the way the Californ ia State 
Uni vel. ity system (which unli ke the UC 
does not 11<Ive autonomy from the legis-
lature) !Jas been nm. suggest that we 
shouldn' l expect the Legislature to pro-
duce any meaningfu l reform. 

Theothereffol1 is.1 ballot in itiative for 
November 1994. Drafted and circulated 
by a group ca lled thl! Committee for a 
Responsible Univer~ity. thi s b the lil,t 
selious. coherent effort at UC reform in 
more thun a decade. The CRU petition ha~ 
been endor ed by man) organization,. 
including the A~s(Jc i~ltlon ofSruti.:nl Enl· 

ployee~, Unllc:rsny Pl\lk"~lol1,1 1 andT ~<:h 
nieal Eill ployec~. U SO nlleg.: Delllo, 
crats. the Cl lilclillia Peacl! and I-reedolll 
Party. Ihe Bcr"eley City Council, the 
Graduate tudent A"CllIbl y at L'C Berke-
ley, the A"ociatlon \,1 Graduate tudent 
El11ployee, at Ikrkek) . the A."oclation 
of State, Federal, Count~ and Muni.:i pal 
Employees in Bcr~eley and Santu Cruz. 
and the Network 10rPublic Education and 
Social Ju ~ t i e at UCLA. with other. fa~t 
acc umulating 

re Ull f lhe regent' lack of accountability :md diversi ty. 
This l11ea~urt' would inerea,e account-

abili ty ,lIld improve unil ersity govt'l1Iunce 0) 
At present, UC' regents are apPOinted b the govemor 

to 12-yedftcmls. Though the State Con)tiruhon mandates 
that the~tate Senate confinn these appointments, only one 
appointment has been rejected in the history of the UC 
(and he went onto found Stanford University). In practice 
thl has meant that regents are governors' friends, cam· 

• providing for the electlOIl of nint! regent, in .1 ~tu tc · 
wide. nonpal1isan election. with "llIer, I!ach c,l.,ting one 
vote and the nine h i gh e~tl'Ote-ge lt e r, ht:lIlg elert ... d: 

• create Campus Coullcib, one 0 11 euch UC t:a l1l pu~. 
compo~ed offi ve ~lUdent~. five facu llY members alld tile 

See REGENTS, Page 5 

Monday, November 29, 1993 The UCSD Guardian UPI 5 

GUARDIAN TELE-JOB EDITORIAL WAS MISLEADING 
EdItor: 

[. m writing in response to the No-
v. 18 editorial penaining to Tele-Job. 
Several clarifying points: 

(I) For repeat users of Tele-Job 
there is no need to listen to all jobs in 
agivencategory,only the newly listed, 
which are always at the beginning of 
the listings andareconveniently dated. 

(2) Listings appear in other for-
mats. Full-time listings are printed in 
a bulletin, 77le Hiring Post. and all 
jobs can be assessed through com-
putertenninals within the CareerSer-
vices Center. 

(3) Since Tele-Job is assessed 
around the clock, it is available to 
everyone all 168 hours of every week 
of the year. Previously, students could 
only find out about job vacancies when 
the univers ity and our offices were 
open - at most, 40 hours per week. 

(4) Through Tele-Job our service 
has doubled the number of off-cam-

REGENTS: 
Initiative fIrst step to 
democratize the UC 
Continued from I).g. 4 
staff members, each democratically 
elected, and five members selected by 
the local city and county, all with two 
yeartenns; 

• providing for the appointment of 
one regent by each Campus Council, 
confirmed by the assembly; 

• providing that each regent would 
serve for a four-year term with a 12-
year limit; 

• continuing UC autonomy; 

pus jobs tor which our students can 
compete. This is more critical than all 
the other pro and con factors com· 
bined. 

(5) Since its inception, Tele-Job is 
typically used by 400-600 students 
per day. Our fonner system simply 
could not handle these numbers. 

Understanding these points is eru· 
cialto any assessment of Tele-Job and 
their omission in the editorial is unfortu-
nate and, as a result, misleading. 

Neil Murray, Director, 
Career Services Center 

fifth College 
Name-Search is 
Discriminatory 
Editor: 

Though I am very pleased that 
Fifth College will soon have a name, 
J am disappointed to learn that the 
administration is only considering 

• providing that this Board of Re· 
gents could not reduce the authority 
of the Academic Senate over aca· 
demic freedom without the consent 
of the Academic Senate (a stronger 
protection than presently exists); 

• replacing the Student Regent with 
two appointees of the UCSA; 

• providing that compensation to 
UC officials be subject to limits set by 
the Legislature. 

The fonn of highest vote-getter 
election proposed ensures that any 
group that makes up a significant part 
oftheelectorate will have representa-
tion - addressingdiversity concerns 
while introducing democratic ac-

llRT (!1 ~,Y I.Q 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian welCOmes leiters and commentar· 
ies from fts readers. Leiters must be no longer 
than three pages, (yped, double-spaced 8fld 
signed. We resetve rhe right to ec1i1 for length ana 
cillrity. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Ot:liniOf) Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )01/8 . CA 9209J.0316 

women for the naming of the college. 
Just because there are fewer colleges 
named after women does not mean 
that we must set a quota. As I recall , 

countability, without leuing a mall 
group of swing votes threaten the in-
dependence of the university. 

The campaign is in full gear at UC 
Berkeley and UCLA, with campaigns 
at the other campuses quickly gaining 
momentum. Time is of the essence, so 
one approach is to ask students to take 
a few petitions and information with 
thernandcollectsignaturesoverbreak. 
Look for petitions around campus, 
particularly at the co-op . If you want 
to make a difference, find out about 
circulating it. 

Ultimately, thesuccessofthiscam-
paign is dependent on whether people 
- especially students - care enough 

quotas are illegal. This clearly dis-
criminates against men. Fifth College 
needs to give all names, male and 
female, con ideration. The adminis-
tration should pick a name that be. t 
represents Fifth College's intellla· 
tional studies - and there nre cer-
tainly men who qual ify in this cat-
egory. Men should not be automati-
cally eliminated because there is a 
need for colleges named after fe m.lies. 
Let the best persoll win. 

Goon Pattanumolana 

The University 
Owes WRC Nothing 
Editor: 

Asignon thedoorof the Woman's 
Resource Center reads, "We are the 
ONL Y UCschoolwithout a FUNDED 
Women's Center. We are mn by vol· 
unteers. Women are not a priority 10 
this administration." Well, I've got 

about the issue to gather signatures. 
All it takes is many people each gath-
ering a dozen or 0 signatures -
really a modest commitment. Because 
there's no big money backing the 
signature-gathering, the campaign wi ll 
consist of purely volunteer effort. But 
this is perhaps the only way that a 
coherent, progressi ve proposal has a 
chance. If. however, this kind of sup-
port doesn' t coalesce, students wi ll 
have little ground on which to COIll-
plai n about the way the uni versity is 
managed -or at least to claim that 
they care very much. 

There are some whoju~t ify a po~i · 
tion of apathy or inaction at tl.c leve l 

news for you, hJdic:s. They don' t fund 
a men's resource center, ~ither. and 
yet somehow, 1' 111 m'lIlagi ng tll ~ur­
vive. Whatthe hell is \odamn horrible 
aboul i:l.!i ng a woman that you need 
your own paid ~tatf memi:l.!r" This 
university's duty to you is to provide 
an education, not to provide someone 
who can console you over the tragic 
misfol1une of being a woman. 

The claim that thc Center b un-
fu nded is highly ~u~pect. Whi Ie they 
don' t have a paid ~talf member. they 
certainly nre recei vi ng free or heavily 
subsidized relll for thei I' enOlm()u~ 
ollice on plime real e'Wte. Without 
th is gen~rou., h~lp frol1l tht: aUlllilm-
tration, these women would hale no 
place from which to ~pew th~ir hme· 
rul diallibesagaim,lmen. Th\!y ,hould 
~h ut their ungratefullitt It: 1I101lt Ib be· 
fo re the admini ~trati lln lIN:, li p and 
Mans charging th.:m rcnt. 

Ed Wagner 

ofelectol, ;1 JXllitic\ \I IIh the .I rgu lllcnt 
that elections can 't really change the 
power ~1I1lcture or alfcct IS'UC,. This 
view i~ pal1 of Ihe r~ason thai Ihing~ 
seelllunchangeable - many who tind 
greatest fau ll with circulmtances are 
also lell\ t inciinedtodo,lIIything about 
them. It would be nll ive to Ihink that 
electol,;1 poli tb will by ihelfchange 
i.lnything lillich, but it' s abo unli~cly 
that much will change I~ithout ellol1~ 
on t hi ~ as we ll as on other lronb. This 
purponedly ~ophbti cn ted apathy is 
complieit in politic,;1 ~lllgnation . 

It' ~ up to u~ to create a heller 
uni \'cr~ity for th(h': \I 110 com.: aner 
we're gone. 

GIORGIO ARMANI 
r--------------------------------------------------------, 

1 
I 
I 
I 

--------------------------------------------------------~ Nov 30 - Dec 2 
lOam - 2pm 

UCSD Bookstore 

ucsn 
R()CJK!-"C:)HI 

• 
Eyes of La Jolla 
OI'TOME T RY 

Dr. JeHrey Markson, Oplometrist 
at UTe, next 10 Nordstrom 
4417 La.Jolla Village OrNe (619)597-2020 



6 OPINION 

8.5 X 11 • 201 vthite 
autofeed or seH serve 

'i!()/ltjwfj & JlO.)()j 
RESALE BOUTIQUE 

• Women's Clothing 
Accessories 
• Newborn - Age 10 

Fumiture 

• Toys & Books 

We Buy & Consign 

~ 558-1696 • 
3979 Governor Drive 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587-4844 

COSTA e VERDE CAR WASH 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

- ® .. 

4""'UCSD I 
i 

t. Joli. VIII.". Dr . UTe 
J I J I~h' Dr. ! ! 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I l !til Full Service $299 l 

: S?~~~ P!! !A~! J,.,~" : 
I C -\R WASil Nol valid wilh any other offer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 1114194 I 

~r----------------------

CAMBRIDGE, ENGLAND 
A Journey to Remember 

This summer. journey to another part 01 the world sleeped In lich 
Iradilion. culture and beauly. Immerse yoursell in Ihe histo ly and 
majesty of England while earning eighl units 01 credit directly applica· 
ble to your UC degree. Fascinating courses focusing on the divelse 
aspects 01 European art. architeclure. history and commerce will be 
oHered at Pembloke College. the third oldesl of the Cambridge 
colleges. These coulses will be highlighled by special lectures. field 
trips and weekend excursions. 

PREPARE NOW FOR YOUR JOURNEY: 
JULY 3RD - AUGUST 6TH, 1994 

For more information. please call UCI Summer Session at 
(714) 856-5493 or write C/o P.O. Box 6050. Irvine. CA 92716-6050. 
S6Id me into on /tie p,/TIbroke CoIItgt Progwn in C¥nbridgt. f ng~. 

0" 

The UC D Guardian Munda\. ""·,,d ... ,· 29. 1993 

MORE THAN JUST A GAME 
COMMENTARY: Nations from around the globe prepare for the worldls 
most important sporting event - the World Cup. occer tournament 

ANDREW 

REynOLDS 

Thisqual1er. "World View" 
has de<llt wi lh ci vi I wars, the 
crisis in Russia, con~litutional 
design and the Nobel Peace 
Prize. Now it' time to tum to 
a matter of much greater im-
portance - soccer. More spe-
cifically. the World Cup tour-
nament to be played in the 
United States next year. 

of nation<l l stereotype~. The South American, ran be 
poetry in motion one moment. and suicidal the nc.\ \. The 
Eastern European ,Ire so lid and Illea~ured,though e4ua lly 
passionate, while the Italians pl<ly the game like a tragic 
opera. The Africans are erratically brilliant but alway> 
exuberant, and the German~ playas if they \\ ere conduct-
ing the European COllllllunity negotiation" grinding down 
their opponents with precision und strong \\'ill. The Scan-
dinaviansare highly skilled but like to run around a IOLand 
the Irish play wi th a bravery and patri oti~111 \ il1llU lly 
unmatched throughout the world. 

WORLD 
VIEW 

Despite th~ fact that the 
women on the U.S. team are 
world champion , 1 doubt 
whether Americans realize 
what they've gotten themsel ves 
into by agreeing to host the 

One country which will be ab~1Il fmm the linal, i, 
England. whi h 10 t to the Dutch and orwegiun, in its 
qualifying grou p. While thi s exclude~ England. th~ coun-
try from which soccer ori r-inated, it al '0 abates the threat 
of violence by English soccer ho()ligan~ who have, over 
the past 10 years, blighted the English nmlle throughout single largeM sporting event in the world. I hope to give a 

flavor of what people from soccer 
nations everywhere will be doing and 
watch.ing in the summer of 1994. 

Soccer is one of the few truly uni-
versal religions, practiced from the 
manicured lawn of England to the 
shantytowns of Brazil, from the fro-
zen fields of the Faroe Isles to the 
beaches of Africa. As a famous man-
agerofthe Liverpool Football Club in 
England once said. "Football [soccer] 
isn't a game of life and death - it's 
much more important than that" Na-
tional pride is often staked upon the 
outcome of a big, international match. 
In the I 970s, for example, EI Salvador 
and Honduras went to war over the 
disputed result of a game between 
their national teams. 

Scotland is an example of a coun-
try which has been panicularly af-
fected by its soccer teams' perfor-
mances, particularly in the World Cup. 
II has produced more soccer teams per 
capita than any other country in Eu-
rope, investing huge amounts of money 
in managers and players alike. But 
despite the Scots' great love of the 
game, they've had a terrible time in the 
World Cup finals. Bealen by Peru and 
Zaire and once held to draw by lran(all 
countries they should have had for 
lunch), Scotland has never advanced 
beyond the first round . 

Asa testament to the importance of 
soccer in Scotland, oneofthe defining 
moments of Scottish history is not 
when James I became King or when 
Robert the Bruce drove marauding 
invaders from the land, but in 1978 
when a small, bearded midfielder 

Soccer is one of 
the few truly 
universal 
religions, 
practiced from the 
manicured lawns 
of England to the 
shantytowns of 
Brazil, from the 
frozen fields of 
the Faroe Isles to 
the beaches of 
Africa. A famous 
manager of the 
Uverpool Football 
Club in England 
once said, 
"Football isn't a 
game of life and 
death - It's much 
more important 
than that." 

Europe. Research into thi s mindless 
violence reveals thm these men (and 
they are predominately men) do not 
lit the stereotypes one would expect. 

The archetypical hooligan i, in his 
mid-20s to 30~, m<llTied with a fam-
ily. employed ill a clerical job and is 
from wlm mi ght be termed a "m iddle-
class" background. They travel to 
occer matches 1I0! to watch the game, 

but ro pal1icipme in organized fight-
ing outside the Madium with the fans 
of the opposing ream. Though I am 

~addened thai my nationul team will 
not be panicipming next yeur.1 teel a 
twinge of relief that I won't be called 
upon to explain this behavior. 

In June and July of next year, 
national heroes will be made and 
dethroned . Roger Milia of the 
Cameroon in West Africa played so 
well in the la~t Cup that he bet:ame a 
national hero and could have easily 
won the pre idency if he had wi~hed 
to. Underdogs will thrill and whole 
ections of Boston will glind to a halt 

when the Irish play. But in the L .. J. 
the cup will probably go toone of the 
big four: the Gennans, the Brazilians, 
the Italians or the Argentines. 

Finally, what of the Americans·J 
They qualify simply because they 
are tournament hosts and no onc has 
really given them much of a chance. 
However, on home tUlt' they could 
surpri e and upset some of the giants 
of the soccer world. The U.S. team, 
a mixture of home grow 11 and Mexi-
can, German , English and South 
African-born players, has improved 

named Archie Gemmill managed to dribble the ball around 
a half-dozen of the world's finest players to score the goal 
which put Scot land back into contention against the Dutch. 

by leaps and bounds since the last 
World Cup, as its defeat of the English has proven . If 
nothing else, hosting the Cup Ill:.!y tinally wake Ameri-
cans up to the joy of soccer as well as to its worldwide 

Next year, Americans will be able to indulge in a feast importance. 

CONSERVATIVES WANTED 
Subvert the Liberal Media. 534-6582 For more infonnation call the Guardian 

Ladies and Gentlemen, 

THIS THURSDAY 
will be the 

FINAL GUARDIAN 
of 1993. 

Get your ads in today, 
because in advertising 
there is no tomorrow. 

Guardian Advertising 534-3466 

Cat L[]PY~~"b+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Ho Ud4 a. (i I Do I r Pi% t) 4529949 
M r 9 r, r. , .' 1 

s.~T 101 " ' LL'1I1t1 

Monday, November 29, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPI 10 7 

TH E MYTHS OF RECYCLING 
COMMENTARY: Environmentalists spend too much time convincing the public that recycling is the answer, when the real i ue 
is not whether we are re-using products', but that we are using them at all - the problem is consumption 
By Daniel J. Hurst 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The mainstream environmental 
movement is running with a pitch-
fork in hand. Speared on the center 
blade, doused with lighter fluid, an 
aluminum can flames. The multi-
tudes charge attheconsumer, scream-
ing "Recycle or Die!" 

Recycling has been underway 
since Post-World War 11; on ly at the 
tail end of McReagan did it gain the 
sort of commonality it enjoys today. 
Various states have enacted legisla-
tion to "encourage recycl i ng. "I place 
that in quotes because I want to put 
my noise (the bulk of this piece) far 
away from that belief. I don't believe 
in recycling. I'm sick of the "green-
ness" that has flooded the media dur-
ing the past five years, a green the 
color of trees but which tastes like 
piss. 

When I first began my stint in the 
Recycle Co-op,! couldn't understand 
whymorepeopleweren'tinvolved ... 
why we only recycled white paper, 
aluminum, glass and newspaper even 
though (' d been blasted from my 
television to the bottom of my sham-
poo bottle about "recyclability" for 
years ... why the unive.rsity leta hand-
ful of students run a major waste 
operation. Now I know: 

Recycling is a farce. In I 99O,when 
the "greenies" slapped together a sec-
ond Earth Day, they convinced some 
advertising reps to make up a few 

slogans for bumper stickers. One 
was 'ThinkGlobally ... Act Locally." 
Another was "Eanh Day is Every-
day," and "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle:' 

With the last slogan, somehow 
they got it right. Recycling follows 
"reduce" and "reuse" significantly in 
importance. The greenies don't tell 
you that, however. They slap you on 
the back every time you drop that 
Snapple bottle into a recycling bin. 
They remind you how many trees 
you've saved by purchasing recycled 
goods and how many gallons of oil 
you've saved every time you deposit 
your month·s supply of empty Coke 
cans inanaluminumdumpster. These 
facts about savings, these pats on the 
back, are hollow. They claim that by 
recycling you "complete a loop." In 
actuality, they themselves refuse to 
logically complete the loop. 

Let's say you drink a can of Pepsi, 
then you toss the can irito a recycling 
bin. The can is taken to a recycling 
center, sorted, sent to a processing 
plant that smelts the can down and 
then make a new can, which gets 
sent back to Pepsi. It is refilled, re-
packaged in either a paper box or a 
plastic Jing, and then sent back to 
your store and finally into your pos-
session again. 

This process - known as recy-
cling - does save energy in com-
parison to just throwing the can away 
and mining for more boxite to pre-
cess into virgin aluminum. Theprob-

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyu 
IIDIWDA \,...I MHsublshl Isuzu Acura 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

The "greenies" slap 
you on the back 
every time you drop 
a Snapple bottle 
into u recycling bin. 
They ren,lnd you 
how many trees 
you've saved by 
purchasing recycled 
goods and how 
many gallons of oil 
you've saved every 
time you deposit 
your month's supply 
of empty Coke cans 
In an aluminum 
dumpster. These 
facti about 
savings, these pats 
on the back, are 
hollow. 

Minor Tune Up Special $29:.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than a/hers. II includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4, Adjust Timing 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression test .. . 
2. Valve adjustment 11 . Adjust ~mmg 20. Lube Iront end 28. Check and recharge 
ReplaCe: 12. Adjust dwell angle 21 . Check &. replenish all baneries. I' necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. Adjust carburetor fluid & o'ttev~ls 29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14. Adjust air & luel ratio 22. Check e\eCtncal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. DIstributor points. mixture 23. Check for loose & lost 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. AdjuSI steering box bo~s 32. Check all hoJders 
7. Air IiIter, 16. Ad,ust clulCh 24. Check brakes 33. CI1eck cooling system & 
8. 011 IiIler. 17. Act;ust brakes 25, Check clutch hoses 
9. Gas lilter. and 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26, Check "ghts 34, Check exhausl system 
10. Engine all 19, Check & ad,ust exposed 27, Check undercarriage 35, Road test 

bells lor damages 
Note' for 6-cyhnder cars add $20. Toyo .. Supras, add $30. Datsun 200SX with 8 spark pkJg •. add $35 

lern i. thaI recycling still requires 
large expenditures of energy: no 
matter how great the savings, recy-
cling will never zero-out the energy 
needed to carry it out. 

Take paper. You buy a post-con-
sumer notebook which contain, lrue 
"recycled" paper. !The term "rc-
cyc led paper" lhat most companies 
use is a fallacy - this recycled con-
tent stems from sawdust that mills 
have been "recycling" for poper use 
since your gmndmother Wll!> born.) 
Every time a pie e of paper is re-
cycled and made back into a post-
consumer notebook, more virgin 
paper has to be added to ~trenglhen 
the quality of the produ l. Eventu-
ally. they're chopping down tree~ 
oguin. 

You see, recycling is a very lim-
ited solution. Don' t get me wr ng. 
Recycling is imponant. If we re-
cycled every piece of trash wc create 
right now. the suck on the world'~ 
resources lVould slow down sign ili-
cantly. But it would 1101 SlOp. We (the 
30 percent of the planet who use 
more than 70percenlofit~resources) 
simply consume too much. The 
"greenies" refuse to be critical of 
consumption, mindlessly en ourag-
ing recycling as (he ~olutioll when il 
is not. 

In October 1989, theStateofCali -
fomiaenacted legislation to"encour-
age recycling." Thi~ law, known a~ 
the Colifornia Redemption Vulue 

(CRV) encourage, recycling but d(le~ 
not encourage (force) t:Olllp,lnle, to 

u~e po~t-colhUl11er Ill,llerial, illlheir 
packaging. Further. the RV hlCU,C, 
solely on drin~ container ... holding 
alcoholic or carbonated oc\clages. 
Not only doe-the CR not "cnwur-
agc" lhe rccyclingofall COllla lner,. it 
also ha~ created a huild-up of un-
wanted PO~I-C()n'Ulller m,lIerial at re- . 
cycling center;, around the ,tate. 

Return 10 thc ,logan ··Reduce. 
Reu~e, Recycle:' LiJ"e I ""lId. they 
got it righl \I hen Ihey put ret/lice 
first. Only by curbing our appeti te 
for CIJII.\·/fllleri.11II1I can \\c Illa~e the 
ultimate dent. The green ies lear thi~ 
- Ihey" II be out a job. The) \\ant 
you to recycle. but th..:y dOIl ' t want 
you to underMand the \\hole Im:ture. 
If you uid. ) ou might cut bad. on 
your con~ulllpt ion . \\h,ch \\(luld cut 
back an their need to spre.'d diluteu 
doom and gloom \ ia their "green" 

corporati on~ . 
From th.:se corporations you hear 

a lot of angst about how '\;,tpiUllism 
issot:vil :' rOlf Gin ,lOp it. Don 'l buy 
their bumpcr ,tid,er ... . Abbie 
Hoffman once ,aid "Hip t:Upil<llism 
will be the death of the countercul-
ture:' Eartli Day i, hip capiwli.,m. 
Tie dyed t-shil1~ that read "Recycle 
or Die" art: hip capital ism. Thl1lwing 
money at Greenpeace i., hip capiwl-

i~m. 
Think before your chi Idrcndon·t. 
Til be cOlllilllled .. 

Complete $168* Brake Job $3J1 * 
Clutch Job . Special Fronlo,,~:;YaO) 

. We replace. 1. Install special new pads Brake job includes: 
1. Transm,ssion Inpul shaft 4 . Throwout bearing or 'nstall rear brake shoes 

t 
-0 
• 

'" II NOBODY . KNOWS Lilli : . . DOMINO'S CALL US! 4S2-UCSD Hours: 11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. OPEN FOR LUNCH! 
seal (except Hondas) 5. P,lot bearings 2, Dram old brake Iluld 6, Adjust Iront (II drums) 

2, Pressure plate 6. New IransmlSSlon 011 3. Inspect oomplele • and rear shoes 
3. CIUICh diSC 7. Road test hydraulic system 7 Rep lace Iront rOlor 

4. Rellll hydraulIC fluod seals ttl rOlol.lurn) 
NOle Hvdrauhc ~ns are nol covered NOI for 4WD Fronl wheel 
drIve extra 5 Bleed en I". blake system 8. Road tesl 

__ ...:No_to_:.H.:...ydrauhC parts are oollnduded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 2O,DOO-mlle limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

overseas 
AuDnoIIvI Rlplil 

•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

WIth this ad. Expires 12112/93 
Galt tor apooinlmen1. 

T ,',," " , ,"" " I, '.'" rl '. I. '1.. '", " Open Saturday. 

I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS I 1-TOPPINC PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I ~;;~:r~~~ T~ $1699 I 
I JUST AsK SPCClAL plus/ex I FOR ONLY plus/or I 
I CALL US! II I CALL US! l1li I 
: ~:~~!D_ ; . .,! ~~~~ ~~ mil .,! L ___________ J ____________ ~ 



8 NEWS 

PAPERS: 
Campus publications 
are hurt by recession 
Continued from pace 1 
The Daily Cal was daily no more. 

The problems up at UC Berke-
ley may be extreme, but they are 
certainly not unique. As the reces-
sion continues to linger, campus 
newspapers across the country are 
facing the same problems that have 
besieged the Daily Cal. The lan-
guishing economy has forced bu i-
nesses to cut back on their adver-
tising budgets. That translates to a 
drop in adverti sing revenues, 
which means hard times for cam-
pus newspapers whether at UC 
Berkeley or even here at UCSD. 
Trouble In Berkeley 

"I think there is a trend that 
small newspapers, be they cam-
pus papers or small-town papers, 
are fee ling th e pinch," aid 
Perlmuter, re fl ect ing on the hard-
ships of the past fe w months. (n 
addition to his duties at the news-
paper, Perlmuter has also written a 
thesis on the economic troubles 
facing the newspaper industry. 
. "The economy isn ' t he lping 

much," Perl muter said. The first 
thing that goes in a recession is 
advertising spending .. .. That, in 
turn, affects the health of the news-
paper." 

But Perl muter points OUI that 
the decrease in advertising is not 
the only reason his paper found 
itself in suc.h dire straits. Accord-
ing to Perl muter, the Daily Cal 
suffered from poor management 
for years. The former managers of 
the Daily Cal had run up a debt 
with the paper's printer, purchased 
poor equipment and negotiated 
costly contracts with its union em-
ployees. 

To make matters worse, the 
Daily Cal had purchased a new 
office building, which according 
to Perl muter, it could not afford. 
The paper was entrenched in debt, 
and the dip in advertising revenue 
certainly didn ' t help matters. 

"All this came to a head the 
second week of the semester, and 
the proverbi al shit hit the fa n," 
PerImutcr said. 

The Daily Cal decided that it 
had to slowly climb its way out of 
the red. In addition to reducing the 
number of times the paper came 
out, the staff also voted to work on 

The UCSD Guardian 

"I think there Is a 
trend that small 
newsp8PMS,bethey 
campus papers of 
small-town papers, 
are feeling the 
pinch. The economy 
isn't helping much. 
The first thing that 
goes in a recession 
is advertising 
spending. " 

-Nell Perlmuter, 
Editor in Chief, 

The DaiJy Californ ian 

a volunteer basis - the writers 
would no longer be paid for their 
articles. However, this led to an-
other problem. 

The Daily Cal' s production 
staff is unionized, meaning that it 
would be paid whether the paper' s 
writers and editors were or not. In 
order 10 pay Ihe production staff s 
salaries, Perlmuler said, the paper 
was once again forced to reduce 
its production schedule - the 
Daily Cal now comes out only 
twice a week. 
tile Same Old Story 

Like the Daily Cal, the Guard-
iall is in the midst of its own 
economic upheaval. After expe-
riencing a number of profitable 
years in the late 1980s, the Guard-
iall started to 10 e money as the 
economy went downhill and ad -
verti sers began to cut back their 
budgets. In the 1992-93 academic 
year alone, the Guardian los t over 
$60,000. 

Last year's budgetary night-
mares only ..:ompounded the prob-
lems the paper began facing three 
years ago. In the Fall Quarter of 
1990, the Guardial/ dec ided to i n-
crease its production schedule by 
publishing three times a week. "We 

November 29 through December 4* 

. , 

SAVE 200/0 on the 
'Bookstore's great 
selection of books 
including ... 

Gift Books 
Fiction & Non-fiction 

Children s Books 
Sale Books 
Calendars 

Technical Books 

* Sale dates apply to 
La Jolla location only. 
Downtown Center Bookstore 
sale dates are Dec 13-17 . 
Discount on books taken at 
register. (2000 and 8000 series 
only. Magazines, best-sellers, 
medical and textbooks not 
included.) 

1.14$,111 
b... ~=4 

Mon-Fri 8-6 & Sat 10-5 
closed Sundays and holidays 

534-READ 

'~,",'~,.~ tarts today! 

Munday. N<H'l'IIl!J.',· 29 . 199:l 

were enjoying a prosperous few 
years making money wilhout even 
trying," said Advertising Manager 
Michael Foulks. To the Guardiall' s 
editors, it seemed li~e a logical 
decision to increase production 
with the paper in such robust 
health. 

II turned OUI to be a decision 
thot they would regret. As a result 
of what Foulks called bad timing, 
the GlIardiall ' decision to come 
out three times a weeks coincided 
with the tirst wave of the nation-
wide recession. Major advertisers 
like Anheuser-Busch began can-
celing their advertising. After the 
dust had settled, the GI/ordhlll had 
lost $93,569.55 in 1990-91. 

Papers like the Daily Cal and 
the Guardiall are hit harder by 
dec liningacl verti sing revenue than 
most campus newspupers. The 
Daily Clil and the Guardilll / are 
independent of the Univers ity of 
California. mea ning thut they rely 
so lely on adve rt is ing c10 ll ars for 
revenue. 

"The general trend is that ad-
ve rt isi ng revenue is clown ," 
Perl muter said. "I fa co llege news-
paper is indepe ndent of. the un i-

See PAPERS, Page 9 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 
Communications Bldg. ~~:, 
Torrey Pines Center i.~~ 
No. Torrey Pines Info Booth 
Scripps Library 
Scripps Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall, Scripps 
St. Germain's 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs (".,,\"o~~ 
Vans v'-" 
Polar's Yogurt 
Western Bagel 
Big Bear 
Soup Exchange ~~ 
Subway 1 f\~~S 
Zebra Copy 
Milagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans . 
Subway 
Roberto's 
Jeff's Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
La Cotija Mexican Food 
Swensen's \,~ 
Soup Exchange \.~~ 
Porkyland ~ 
Vons 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public Library 
Discafe 
Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Lucky's 
Cafe Toulouse 
Togo's 
Zanzibar 
Cafe Crema 
Boney's 
Sam Goody 
Vans 
Soup Exchange 

Monday, November 29,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

PAPERS: A.S. 
media feel budget 
pinch as well . 

Alternative Media at UCSD has faced severe cuts 

Continued from Pac- 8 
versity then it's in a vulnerable 
position since it's so dependent on 
advertising." 

com ........ to Int year: 

Advertising may be only part 
of the problem, according to 
Foulks, who places some of the 
blame on the Guardian' s manage-
ment structure. The Guardian is 
not like a retail operation, said 
Administrative Analyst Josie 
Hollinger. Unlike other businesses, 
the Guardian's revenue and ex-
penses are hard to track. The news-
paper receives only a yearly report 
of its financial health, rather than 
firm quarterly reports . Annual Income at the UCSD Gu ...... an over the put 

"We' re basically operating a 
business in the blind. We find out 
how we did in the summer. No 
other business operates in such an 
inept manner," Foulks said . 
"Whether we make or lose money 
is a craps hoot. " 
,.. ..... Are Tou ... AllOver 

The Guardian isn' t the only 
newspaper at UCSD which is be-
ing forced to tighten its belt. Most 
of the Associated Students-funded 
alternative media have faced re-
ductions in their budgets for the 
1993-94 academic year. Even if a 
paper receives university funding, 
it seems, that doesn't necessarily 
mean it will be spared from the 
recession. 

The Koala, for example, saw 
its budget reduced from $9,135 in 
1992-93 to $7,468 this academic 
year. The New Indicatortookacut 
of $3,859 from its $15,859 bud-
get. The California Review and 
Alternative Visions have experi-
enced similar cuts to their smaller 
budgets. 

"Maintaining operation costs 
went up, so we had the same 
amount of money, but we had to 
do more with it," said A.S. Com-
missioner of Communications 
Bik-Na Park. 

The A.S. has created A.S. Ads 
to help generate ad revenue by 
soliciting advertisers for the cam-
pus newspapers; however, Park 
said that very few of the media 
have contacted the AS.'s adver-
tising representative. With their 
budgets cut from last year, many 
of the publications are having 
trouble getting issues out this quar-
ter. 

"We have felt that the difficul-
ties faced by larger, more estab-
lished, commercial newspapers are 
an indication of how we might 

five years: 

'88-'89 
$54,369 

fare if we depended on advertis-
ing," said New Indicator collec-
tive member Ely RabanL 
tile BI, Picture 

The problems at campus news-
papers mirror the hardships that 
are plaguing the entire newspaper 
industry. At papers across the 
country, advertising revenue has 
dropped significantly. In addition, 
classified advertisements, tradi-
tionally a strong money-maker for 
newspapers as well as an indicator 
of the economy's strength, have 
fallen. 

"All ofthe newspapers are suf-
fering right now. Advertising rev-
enue is down so everyone's cut-
ting back," said UCSD Communi-
cations Professor Dan Hallin, who 
added that new trends I ike compe-
tition from direct mailer and penny 
saver advertisi ng supplements 
have worsened the effects of the 
recession for daily newspapers. 

In San Diego, the effects of the 
recession on area newspapers have 
been dramatic. At the start of 1992, 
the ci Iy had three dai I y newspapers 
- the San Diego Union, the San 
Diego Tribune and the Los Angeles 
Times' San Diego County Edition . 

Revelle~s Annual 

Dominic Lobbla/Guardlan 

But the Union and Tribune were 
facing problems - both papers 
had reported a loss of8.5 percent of 
their advertising revenue in 1991. 
The Tribune, an afternoon paper, 
suffered from declining readership, 
with its circulation in danger of 
dropping below 100,000. On Feb. 
2, the two papers, owned by the 
same publisher, merged into the 
Union-Tribune. 

Declining advertising also shut 
down the Los Angeles Times' ven-
ture into San Diego. The San Di-
ego County Edition, which had 
been published by the Times si nee 
1978, was losing money from its 
help wanted, automotive, real es-
tate and display advertisements. 
On Dec. 18, 1992, the San Diego 
County Edition ceased publish-
ing. 

Despite the cutbacks, Hall in 
does not see the newspaper as a 
dying business. Major outlets like 
the Los Angeles Times are not go-
ing to shut down completely be-
cause of the recession, he said. 

However, the recession coupled 
with new technology could force 
newspapers to reexamine the way 

See PAPERS, Page 10 

~ I t j 1 / '..:: ' t ~ :-. OLID~~' Y\,,';V EA.! 11' ' i! ,I i . ' v .J I I III Bi" I .'1 ), ~. " " i -:- ' I :\ I \ L 11 . \ ~ I l '- . I, i j . ; ~ , 
Wednesday, December 1 -"" . 

10:00 am to 3:00 pm 
q~ It l / at Revelle Plaza 

There will be vendors and loIs of yummy food! 
Do your holiday shopping early. 

Sponsored by Revelle Semi-Formal Committee 

You need It, 
we got it. This 

concise 
headline is 
telling you 

that there Is 
food 0' pten~ 

In the old 
G ... that Is. 

search every 
Issue for 

meat deals 
from 

Guardian 
advertisers. 

h rt-timr 

EARN EXTRA SS$ FOR THE HOLIDAYS 
New skin care company in La Jolla near UCSD is looking 

for PAID VOLUNTEERS (MEN & WOMEN) to participate in 
skin sensitivity and deodoranUantiperspirant studies. 

Earn great $$ with flexible hours and days. 
Those with welllmown history of irritation to 

certain brands of deodorant are needed. 
(Preference toward Sure and Old Spice deodorants or antiperspirants). 

Cosmederm Techn%gies 
550-7070 ext, 100 
C.II NOW fo,)OO, «'rtniog 'PllOinlmenl. 

5 D 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60'$, 70'$, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN. MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
.... ---- M-SAT. 11 ·6:30. 222-0220 

r--------------------Unplanned Pregnancy? 1 
Decisions to Make? I 

Don't face this crisis alone-- I 
I We Provide 

• Free Testing • Medical Referrals I 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help I 
No Need 10 Feel Alone ... We Can Help You I 

I Birthrighi-"' ~"'- ·"'-' 1 
2n s. Rancho SenIa Fe Ad. 

SuilllS 
s.n Marcoe, ell 92069 

744-1313 

150·11 N. EI Camino Real 
Wiegand Plaza 

Encinitas. CII 9202. 
942-5220 

I 
I 
I 

L 24 Hr Hotline 1-800-848-LOVE I _____________________ J 

I 

Conducted by the University of San Diego. Spanish 
language at all levels, Education, Art, Hispanic Studies, 
History, Literature, Cross-Cultural Studies. Weekend excur-
sions. Tuition for 1-8 units: $700, undergraduate ; $750. gradu-
ate. Live with a Mexican Host Family. Hotel a nd apartments 
also available. 

Write or Call : GUADALAJARA SUMMER SESSION 
University of San Diego t ~t.\",e"'lY d.!lan o.qp 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 92110·2492 
(619) 260-4598 

UNIQUE HOLIDAY GIFTS 
LORI<..'j\ :1 I,~' Ql ~1LITr SKIi\' C .. 1RE 

• flclall $35 Reg. S45 

~ • BICtrDIysia - 15111n. fREE ~r::a'. ~ ·Wulnl$ll&up • I • l.ah PIna S4G Reg.$so ~"II~~·· ....... nts$lDReg.$t5 
'~. · "' •• 1" ..... p $lU '" 

· .1 ... $41 Reg. $50 



10 NEW 

Ads. 
They Sell Things. 
Really. 

ROTARACT: 
Club donates 
blankets to migrants 
Continued from page 1 
migrants immediately. 

This 
Quarter's 
Last Isslle 
Will Be On 
Thursday 

TIlt' UCSD Gllardian 

Overall , Rotaract members had 
positive feeli ngs about the activity. 
" I feel like we' ve helped and even 
the small things are significant to 
these people who need so much," 
said Muir College senior Heather 
Morrell, a member of Rotaracl. 

PAPERS: 
Management cuts 
back on expenses 
Continued from page 9 
in which they repol1 and present 
the news. "There will come a 
time when newspapers aren't 
mainly a printed medium ," said 
Hallin, who added that future 
newspapers could likely become 
electronic or available through 
computer system s. New papers 
may also gear themselves to-
ward a more specific audience, 
although Hallin aid that news-
papers for a general audience 
will probably endure. 

"Ithinkthere's aplacestill for 
the general newspaper that of-
fers peoplean overview," he sa id. 
Cuttln, BlICk 

MUlloIu\ . '" 1' 1111"'1" 1'J . I 'J'J .~ 

[thi s yearl . but not thriving like it 
was in the late ·80s." Foulk~ said. 
"We' re not hav ing to Clit back 10 
onl y corning Out one time a week 
like other pupers would in ollr sitll -
ation." 

Butthe Guardiall is curri ng back 
i'n other areas, namely in its ex-
penses. Four editor positions have 
been eliminated from the paper since 
last year, while other staff positions 
have been phased out. 

The GI/Cl rdiw/ has alsoc Lit buck 
the money it spends on equipment. 
New purchases have been tabled 
until the paper' . financi al pi cture 
bri ghtens. "We' re bein g reall y 
stin gy with how Ithe Guardialll 
spends its llloney ," Hollinger said . 

Good luck on Finals. Have a good holiday. Floss daily. Think happy thoughts. 

Campus newspapers can only 
hope a place will remain for 
them, Facing financial uncer-
tainty, theonly thing that papers 
like the Daily Cal orthe Guard-
ian can do is to cut back and 
hope that they can weather the 
economic , torm . 

Cos t-cullin g measures have 
also proved effec t i ve at the Daily 
Cal, where Perlmuter said adver-
tising re ve nue has gone Li p since 
the paper slashed its prod uction 
down to twice a week. If all goes 
according to plan , he <Jdded, the 
Daily Cal could be comin g out 
ti ve times a wee J.. again by the start 
of UC Berkeley's Spring Sellles-
tel' in January. "Slowly but surel y, 
we ' rt! building our way back up," 
Peri muter sai d. 

S «nutter ded 
IIelp.N ee ...... -'-_ 
ill J..ir1ill Mexico, E,"ador, Paraguay, 

Honduras. Costa Rica. Dominican Republic, Brazil 

Work • Share • Live • Learn 
You can have a summer fuU of 
adventure and personal growth 
while improving health for 
people of Latin America ... 

Volunteer! 
Applicalion deadline: March 1, 1994. 
Early commitment incentives 
available. Apply today! 

Write or call: 
Amigos de las Americas 
561 8 Star Lane 
Houston, Texas 77057 

SOO/231-7796 
713nS2-5290 

Are Your Priorities 
Getting Pushed Aside? 
Live at UCSD and concentrate on 
your life and your studies. Enjoy the 
convenience of having classrooms, 
campus Libraries, concerts, movies, 
lectures, special events, dining 
facilities, shopping and complete 
workout facilities only a short walk 
away. Be one of the students who, 
according to study after study, 
graduates more frequently, with a 
higher grade point average and in a 
shorter time (than students who live 
off-campus). 

Space is available in the Residence 
Halls and Undergraduate Apartments 
for move-in on or after January 2, 
1994. Call 534-4010 for an 
application NOW! 

"The ad picture is steady 

EVERYONE SAW THIS AS 
A PROBLEM ONCE. 
Occasionall~ the pieces all fit, but you didn't know why, Eventually 
It became ObVIOUS, ' 

Tod~y, you have ~ new set of problems and again you may find yourself 
gettmg the solutIons, but not knowing exactly why. 

Wor~ng with Sch~um's OU.tlines ta~es the guesswork out of proble~ soIVI~g. ~he Outhnes prOVIde you WIth the questions and the 
solutIo~s In order to show you how to solve problems. The more you 
work With Schaums, the more obvious the solutions become, 

A,:ailable in engineering, math, science, economics and computer 
SCIence. Look for them in your college bookstore. 

Schaum's 
Outlines 

Monday , November 29, 1993 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
The Guardian welcomes letters from its read· 
ers. All letters musr be no longer rhan three 
pages, typed, double-spaced and signed. We 
reselVe the right to edit for length lIfId clarity. 
Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the old Studenr 
Cenrer or sent by mall. Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Sports Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

My Adventure East 
Editor: 

Having recently completed my 
own six-year"East Coast adventure" 
in upstate New York, I must say that 
your article and the "bitterfellow' s" 
weather summary, were both very 
accurate. Here are the basics of what 
1 wish I didn ' t remember so well : 

• brick = one of only a few mate-
rials that just might not corrode from 
the salt slush sprayed on everything 
to break up ice. 

• quaint = rustic = duo of cheesy 
euphemisms used to hide the ugly 
truth about Eastern winters: RUST, 
RUST, RUST, 

• (dual lake-effect) snow = all-
powerful precipitation which con-
trols your livelihood for six-eight 
months a year, if you're unlucky, 

So, fellow Tritons, don't even 
think about complaining when it 
merely rains here. 

Darren A. Rose 

a 
told 
you? 
--

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231·1110 

w. HOOP: 
Tritons set tourney 
records at New York 
Continued from page 15 
three-point line, collected 16 turn-
overs and had two players foul 
out. 

UCSD did hang tough during 
the first half, staying with the 
Athenas stride for stride to trail by 
four at the half, 32-28. 

The UC 0 Gllanliall 

inability to set up a consistent low-
post game. 

"We had maybe two fas t bre<lks 
the whole night," Malone said. 
"[As the season progresses I we ' re 
hoping to push it up more. We 
want to score in the 80s." 

Although San Diego ended up 
out·rebounding Claremont, 55-50. 
the Tritons couldn ' t go to the g l <l~s 
aggress ively enough wh en it 
counted. 

"It seeilled like [CI<lremontl gOl 
all the key rebounds," Malone said. 

You could carn $80 or more 
(I week and give a ( hrislmas 
gift to medical n:scarch! If 
you h.we or nrc recovcrin~ 
from ,lilY of the follolVin!!, 

call for in (ornwtion on 
qualifying ns ,1 plaSllW dOll or. 

J{hCUl11l10id f :1C1or 

S I'OIlTS II 

GREEK 
CUISINE CAFE 

LA JOLLA DEL MAR • 
Renaissance Piazza 

Cent. Camlel 
8935 Town Center Dr.. neal Carmel Valley 

Ren, Ste, 111 Road 
558·7771 792·2233 

I ----------
The second half, though, was 

all Claremont. The Tritons were 
never able to jump start an offense 
that was suppo ed to generate nu-
merou s fast breaks, and the 
Athena capitalized on UCSD' 

Mease led UCSD with 10 
points, while Patsko pulled down 
II rebounds and Beaver had 10. 
Heather Schroder led Claremont 
with 24 points and 13 rebounds. 

C

t ttCI~''''' ' "l::::::~;:: ' c~cn Pox 
Rit fa C10r Chla01 ),d la 

S IIII t le,pcs 111 yp' Is 
Lupus 

I 2 SANDWICHES : 
: FALAFEL or $595 I I GYROS I 
I Please p<esenl when ordOfing e.p 12113'93 I r---------- .. 
I 1/2 PRICE : IN THE BLEACHERS by Steve Moore HtV. Donors also neededl 
: DINNER or LUNCH I 

I"' l"o",.,. IroIIdIf $ef~ t<:" Inc: 
_u "'lOttts Fle»IUd . [~ 226-1733 

HcrnaBioIogics, Inc. 

INJURED 

Buy one plate at regular price I 
I & ~oet 2nd one at 1/2 price I 
I All piales roude soup and salad. E,p l Z113193 . .. 
-----------

IN AN ACCIDENT? 
---r-_,I - - < ~ 

---- -~--
• All Types of Injuries • AT 15AT i 

GMAT GR 
"......... 

A friend? ... 
Your sister? .. . 
A co-worker? ... . 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for STOs and 
HIV, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

We care about 
your health 
... spread the word. 

Plalled ParellblDd 
If 1.1 111111:11. 

DONI' 

Call Today for a Free 
Legal Consultation 

232-0911 

MISS DIS EVENT! 

est Preparation Courses 
exoerlenced Facul ty 
Le::: Jre Course 
In'C ass Prac tIce Exams 
Score In top 25 o r taKe next 
c ou rse free 

For _ tr •• orocnUf. call: 81 9 / 28(>4579 
o r w m e: Un,verslty o f San Diego 

r est Preoaral1on Course. · Serre Hall :) 18 
Ale.l. Panc.. San O •• g o. CA 92' 10 

S.D.S.U. 
MONTEZUMA HALL 

DEC. 2 • 6:00 & 9:00 PM 
LA JOLLA Anybody who has ever been to a Warren Miller movie knows it's not like going to 

any other movie in Ihe world. It's a pre· 
season party, a chance to get the juices 
rolling, a time to get psyched for the season 
ahead. 

MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 
DEC, 3' 7:00 & 9:30 PM 

Warren Miller's Black Diamond Rub 
brings you the world 's best skiers and 
snow boarders rippin' it up in Russia, Chile, 
Romania, Iceland, France, Canada, Alaska 
and throughout North America. 
This year's exotic locations and exciting ski 
action are combined with the holiest 
musical score ever from I.R.S. Records, 
featuring Middleman, The Point and 
KJrsty MacCoIl. 
Bring your friends . It's the skier's night to 
howl! 

,,,.....,,, 
l •• I 'I'" 

DEC. 4 • 4:00, 7:00 & 9:30 PM 

SAN DIEGO 
SPRECKLES lliEATER • 
DEC. 5' 5:00 & 8:00 PM 

.=1:= 
.... '27 •• TIX. 

c~ ... 

Tickets atso available 
al Sport Chatel and 

the theater box offices. 
r IOKQH:UOI"'£PtItlfGHTOFSHOWo-l'l') 

,. 



12 CALENDAll 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday·Friday 

• 8a.m.-4:30p.m. Mon.-Thurs .• 8a.m.·3p.m. Fri . -
The OASIS Language Program provides assistance 
to students whose native language is not English and 
to those doing work in Japanese. Spanish. French 
and Vietnamese. Adiagnoslic test on written English 
is available on request. Call 534·2284 for more infor-
malion. Student Center, Bldg. A, t214. 
• 8a.m.·4:30p.m. Mon.·Thurs .• 8a.m.·12p.m. Frl.-
Let OASIS Study Management Center help you this 
quarter with time management. notetaking and edit· 
ing. textbook analysis. memory. flexible/speed read-
ing, vocabulary development, and GREILSAT/MCAT 
verbal comprehenSion. Stop by York Hall 401 0 or call 
534-7344 to set up a personal appointment. Also. stay 
on the lookout for those valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshops and the GRE Weekend Specials. 
• 8a.m.-4:30p.m. Mon.·Thurs., 8a.m.-12p.m. Fri.-
The OASIS Scholars' Writing Workshop provides 
free .ndiv.dual and group conferences to assist stu-
dents with writing proJects. SWW also offers free word 
processing facilities and computer assistance. Stop 
by York Hall #4070 or call 534·7344 to schedule an 
appointment. 
• 8a.m.·4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center is 
a free servIce for all UCSD students. We offer one to 
one writing conferences for any type of writing 
project-academic papers. personaf statements. 
even stories and poems. Our staff of trained under-
graduates, who come from a variety of academic dIS-
ciplines. can help you become a more effective wrtter. 
Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or drop by 
our office in Iheold Student Center. BuildingA. room 214. 

LECTURES 
Tuesday. Nov. 30 

. 12 p.m. -The Ethnic Studies Department presents 
Johnny Otis. "Upside Your Head! Rhythm and 
Blues on Central Avenue." Literature Building. room 
3155 (first floor). 

Wednesday. Dec. 1 
• 3p.m. - Center for U,S.-Mexlcan Studies Semi-
nar - Christian Zlolniski·Palacios. UC Santa Bar-
bara. V.siting Research Fellow at UCSD, "The Work-
ing Poor in a Post-Industrial Economy: An Ethno-
graphic Study of a Mexican Immigrant Barrio in Cali-
fornia. - 2nd floor. Institute of the Americas Bldg. 

Friday, Dec. 3 
. 12-1 p.m. - The Program in Religious Studies pre-
sents a noon-time lecture by Seymour Cain. visiting 
scholar with the Department of History. The lecture 
is entitled "Mormons and Jews : Identity and Re-
placement. " The lecture IS free and is open to stu-
dents. faculty and staff. Call 534-8849 for more infor-
mation. 
• 4p.m. - "Oiasporic Oevlants/Oivas: Transnational 
tmaglnings of Gay identity" - Martin Manalansan. 
Ph.D. candidate. anthropology. UniverSity of Roch-
ester and Evaluation Research Department of the 
Gay Men's Health Crisis in Manhattan. Literature 
Buifding, room 3155. 

HEALTH AND FI1NESS 
On-going 

• - Do you know your total blood choIesteroIleYel? 
Drop by Student Heailh Mondays t -2p.m .. Tuesdays 1-
2p.m. and Thursdays 2-4p.m. to find out! Testing is $5. 

The UCSD CuuJ"lliun 

Monday· Thursday 
.2p.m. Mon., 10a.m& lp.m. Tues., 11a.m. & lp.m. 
Wed., tOa.m. & 1 p.m. Thurs. - Attention all FE-
MALESI Find out what's right for you at a Women's 
Sexual Health Information Session I Learn about 
other forms of birth control, pelvic, breast exam and 
more. 2nd floor of Student Health Services in the 
Health Education room. 

G.IJBSAND 1v1EETINGS 
Monday, Nov. 29 

• 7p.m. - Lesbian Gay Bisexual Association -
Generaf business meeting. Come out and get in-
volved. Women'S Resource Center. (weekly) 

Tuesday, Nov. 30 
• 12p.m. - AA Meeting - Room 1208. Biology 
buildtrlg at MUIR campus. (weekly) 
• 4·6p.m. - Thrld World Studies Program - Get 
together for majors. minors, faculty and friends at Lit· 
erature Building , room 3415. 
• 5:30p.m. - Tired of running alone? Need some 
motivation? Come join the Social Running Club. All 
levels welcomed. Meet at the Sun God. Free. Call 
Joshua Mitnick 497-5020 for more info.(weekly) 
• 6p.m. - Interested in pursuing a career in the en· 
vlronment or in getting involved with on and off cam· 
pus environmental concerns? Come to the Student 
Environmental Action Coalition's weekly meetings. 
located in old Student Center above Soft Reserves. 
(weekly) 
• 7:30p.m. - Cal-Ani mage Beta Chapter - More 
Japanese Animation tonight in Room 107, Solis Hall, 
Marshall College. (weekly) 

Wednesday, Dec. 1 
• 6:15p.m. - Matchless Speakers - (Toastmas-
ters Club #3933) Matchless Speakers is a member 
club ot Toastmasters International. The mission of 
Toastmasters is 10 provide a mutually supportive and 
positive learning environment in which every mem-
ber has the opportunity to develop communication 
and leadership skills. Meets at The Hindquarters Res-
taurant at 7040 Miramar Road, between 1·805 and 1-
15 in the Golden Triangle/Miramar area of San Di-
ego. For information, please call Liz at 587-0321 or 
581 ·5391. (weekly) 
• 6:30p.m. - Wilderness Club Meeting - Every-
one welcome I Meet above KSDT in the old Student 
Center (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - Active Students for AIDS Prevention 
(ASAP) will meet in the Price Center. Ask EDNA for 
exact location. Please join us. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - Open Discussion for Gay and Bisexual 
Men. - Student Center Bldg . B ConI. Room. Spon-
sored by LGBA. (weekly) 
• 9p.m. - Hardcore Student Film Club - All mao 
jors and levels of experience invited. Meetings are in 
the Media Center (MCC) studios. (weekly) 

Thursday, Dec. 2 
• 5:15p.m. - Warren Commuter Committee -
Come see what's going on at UCSD & Warren. Meet-
ings in the Warren college Student Actlvities Center, 
CSAC. (weekly) 
• 5:3Op.m_ - Tired of running afone? Need some 
motivation? Come Join the Social Running Club. All 
levels welcomed. Meet at the Sun God. Free. Call 
Joshua Mitnick 497·5020 lor more info .(weekly) 

Friday. Dec. 3 
• 12p.m. - AA Meellng - Room 1208 Biology 
Building at MUIR campus. (weekly) 

EVENTS AND 
RECREATION 

Ongoing 
• - Cine Estudiantll '94: Chicano/Latino Student 
Film & Video Festival - Chicano/Latino Studentsl 
A rare chance to screen your work! Cine Estudiantil 
is a non-competitive film and video festival showcas· 
ing student works that depict the Chicano/latino ex-
perience. The festival will Include screenings through-
out the San Diego area, discussions with film mak-
ers. and a catalogue of all films and videos entered. 
If you have questions about entering the festival , call 
Ethan van Thillo at 235-6135. Deadli~e November 
30,1993. 

Monday-Salurday 
• Walking tours of the UCSD campus conducted 
by the Student Outreach and Recruitment Office 
(SOAR) are now available at 11 :00 AM Monday 
through Saturday. The 90-minUle tour. conducted by 
a student guide. is designed to give visitors a laste of 
the academic and social flavor of UCSD's under-
graduate colleges. Immediately following the tour, at 
app.' 12:30 PM, prospective students are invited to 
a"end a general information session conducted by a 
SOAR outreach officer. The one-hour presentation 
reviews the diHerences among UCSD's five colleges. 
while also covering admission requirements and sup-
port services for students. Reservations are encour-
aged by calling 534·1935. Visitors should meet out-
side the SOAR office, located on the upper level of 
the Student Center. Building ' B: 

Tuesday·Sunday 
• 12-5p.m. - " Lari Pittman: Paintings and Works 
on Paper" - On view will be paintings and works 
on paper from three series painted from 1989 to 1993 
by los Angeles artist Lari Pillman. His work has re-
cently been exhibited in the Whitney Museum of 
American Art. the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los 
Angeles, and the Cororan Gallery of Art. Washing-
ton, D.C. Free. 

Tuesday. Nov. 30 
• 1 Oa.m. - Winter Crafts Sale - Ceramics, jew-
elry. and glass will be sold . Grove Gallery. Continues 
through December 2. For infomnation call 534·202t. 

Wednesday, Dec. 1 
• 8'p.m. - UCSD Jazz Orchestra - Directed by 
Jimmy Cheatham. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission: 
general. $5, students/senior citizens, $3. 
• 8p.m. - "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" - Play 
examines the price of compassion. A young girl's 
motherly instincts become a suicidal weakness after 
she steals the abandoned child of a nobfeman. She 
then must face an infamous judge who will determine 
her fate. Forum Studio. Mandell Weiss Forum. Con-
tinues through December 5 at various times. Admis· 
sion : general, $12; faculty/staff/senior citizens. $10; 
students. $6. 

Saturday, Dec. 4 
• 8p.m. - La Jolla Symphony Chorus - Seasonal 
music from Canada. America, and Latin America di· 
rected by David Chase. Repeats December 5 at 3p.m. 

Sunclay, Dec. 5 
. - Free tours of UCSO are offered every Sunday 
this Fall and Winter by the UCSD Visitors Program. 
Mini-Van tours are available the first and third Sun· 
days of each month, starting at 3:00 PM from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion. Walking tours are of· 

MfIIltla~ . ." "1111"'1" 29. 1993 

fered on alternative Sundays, also starting at 3:00 
PM from the Gilman Pavilion. A portion of Ihe famed 
Stuart Collection of outdoor sculpture is included. AI· 
though the tour is free. there is a minimal UCSD park· 
ing fee. Reservations are necessary and may be 
made by calling 534-4414 . 

CAREER SERVICES 
Monday-Friday 

• 1 :30-4p,m. - Drop-In Advising Hours - For help 
with career goals, job hunting. resume preparatIon 
or exploring professional or graduate school oppor· 
tunities. No appointment needed. Just walk in. 
• - MENTOR - Graduating this quaner and job-
seeking? We'lI match you with a professional in your 
field who will get you started networking in the local 
job market. Sign up at Career Services. 
. - SIGI+ -Computer-based program designed 
to help you clarify your skilfs . values, and inter-
ests. For more Info , come to the Career Services 
Center. $10. 

Tuesday. Nov. 30 
. 1 :30p.m. - Marketable Resume - Learn how 
to make a pOSitive impression wi th your res ume. 
Career Center. Free . 

Thursday. Dec. 2 
• 9-11 :30a.m. - Graduate/Professional School 
Personal Slatement Critique- Drop in for this ser-
vice. Career Center. (weekly) 
.1 p.m. - Job Search 101 - 80% 01 all job vacan· 
cies are unadvertised. This workshop will teach you 
the most effective way to find them. Career Services 
Center. Free. 
• 12p.m. - Pre-Mad. Discussion Group - Pre· 
meds for t994 admission meet and share ideas and 
concerns. Career Services Center.( weekly) 

Friday. Dec. 3 
• 1 :30·4p.m. - Graduatel Professional School 
Personal Statement Critique - Drop in for this ser-
vice. Career Services Center. (weekly) 

SUPPORT GROUPS 
Ongoing 

• - Lesbian Gay Bisexual Individual Peer Coun-
seling by Cheli - Please call 534·3987 and leave 
message for appointment. 

Monday, No v. 29 
• 4 ·5p.m. - "Eating Tips for the Holidays" -
Come talk to the peer counselors for people reo 
covering from eating d.sorders to learn healthy 
alternatives for wintertime feasting . It will be held 
at Hall-Dome located in Muir college apartments. 
Free. 
• 5:00p.m. - Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA) 
- Conf idential 12-step meeting . Price Center 
Berkeley/Santa Cruz Rm. (weekly) 

Tuesday. Nov. 30 
• 4-5:30p.m. - Women of the African Diaspora 
- led by Equitfa luke, 534-3585. 2t26 HSS. 
• 5p.m. - Common Ground - An open discus· 
sion of issues concerning sexual or:entation. Open 
to everyone. Weekly in the South Conference Room. 
Student Center B, lower level. Call 534-3987 for more 
information. 

Wednesday. Dec. 1 
• 3-4:30p.m. - Latino/Latina, Chicana/Chicano 
Support Group - Led by Dan Munoz. Revelle 
Provost's Bldg. 
• 7p.m. - Gay and Bisexual Men's Support Group 
- Join us for this informal and confidential peer 
group for student s who want to discuss issues 
and share concerns. Weekly in the South Con· 
ference Room , Student Center B, lower level. 
Call 534·3987 for more info . 

Thursday. Dec. 2 
• 5-6 :30p.m. - Graduate Gay&Bisexual Men's 
Support Group - Come out In a friendly and confi· 
dential atmosphere. We meet on a weekly basis at 
Student Center Bldg. B, lower level conI. room. led 
by Mall. (weekly) 

Friday. Dec. 3 
• 2-4p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse Group 
- Led by Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Call for appoint-
ment. Revelle Provost Bldg. 
• 4-6p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Led by Phil 
Raphael. 534-0252. Mountain View lounge. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Tuesday, Nov. 30 

• 5p.m. - Join the CathOlIC CommunIty by celebrat· 
ing Mass at the UniverSity lutheran Church. acro~ 
the street from Revelle College. (weekly) 
• 8p.m. - "How Can I Make My Faith Practical?" 
- Presented by Campus Pastor John Huber. All are 
welcome. University Lutheran Church. Across the 
street from Revelle College. 

Wednesday. Dec. 1 
• 6p.m. - Pasta Supper Is Served to Students 
by the University Lutherans - All are welcome. 
$2.00 is requested. University Lutheran Church. 9595 
la Jolla Shores Drive. 
• 7p.m. - Bible Study Brainstorming Session. 
- University Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. Open to all. 
• 9:30p.m. - End your day WIth the rt" ;,,ctlve Uc,sO 
Catholic Community celebration Of Mass at the Uni· 
versity Lutheran Church . across the street from 
Revelle College. (weekly) 

Thursday. Dec. 2 
• 5p.m. - Join the Catholic Community by celebrat-
ing Mass at the UniverSity lutheran Church . across 
the street from Revelle College. (weekly) 
• 6p.m. - Catholic Community Thursday Night 
Dinner - Onfy $21 Located in the CathOlic lounge at 
the University Lutheran Church. across the slreet from 
Revelle College. (weekly) 

Sunday. Dec. 5 
• t 0 :15a.m. - Lutheran Worship Service -New 
members are rece ived. All Welcome. Un iver-
sity Lutheran Church , across the s treet from 
Revelie College . 
• 2p.m. - Church Services for the Church of 
Jesus Chrl,t of Latter-day Saints (The Mormons) 
- Meetings each Sunday in Del Mar at 12708 Torrey 

Graphic by Marcu, t..nbbiuICII""/1t1ll Bluff Drive. (weekly) 

Monday, November 29, 1993 

Want Free Food and Prizes? 
ACCEYf THE CHALLENGE 

............ ' ..... ' 
- Send your entry on an 8 1/2" by 11' 

Sheet Of paper along with your name, year In 
schOol. colleae you anend at UCSD. major and 
phone numberto: Sports Editor. UCSD Guard-
Ian. 9500 Gilman Drive. 0316, La Jolla, CA 
92093-0316. Or you can drop It off In the 
Letters box In the front of the GuardIan office. 
located on the second lloar of the Old StuClent 
Center. 

- The entry with the most correct an· 
swers. as determined by Judges. will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and wil l be reeol-
nlzed when the QUiz answers are printed the 
following week. In the event 01 a tie. a drawing 
wilt be held to determine the winner. A max~ 
mum 0115 correct entries not selected as the 
grand prize winner will be considered runners· 
up. 

- The grand prize winner will receive a free 
dinner for two at BJ's Chicago Plueria. Run-
ners·up will receive a Iree pitcher 01 Mlchelob 
Draft beer. or soda. at Brs, located In La Jolta 
Village Square. A list of alt winners will be 
posted at 81's each week and winners need to 
show Identification to claim prizes. 

- UCSD students, staff and laculty are 
eligible to enter. except for Guardian staff 
members and employees of BJ' s Chicago Piz· 
zeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No mass· 
produced entries will be accepted . Entries 
must be at the Guardian by noon Wednesday. 

-Prizes must be claimed within two weeks 
of winner's posting, after which the prize is 
forfeited. 

This week'. questions: 
.1, For what Canad ian Football 
League team did R aghib I smail 
play? 
• 2, Nam e the American League 

second baseman who won the 1993 
Gold Glove Award. 
.3. What team had the worst record 
in the NBA lasl season? 
• 4, What quarterback holds the 
all-time college football touchdown 
record? 
.5, What NFL head coach ho lds 
the all-time record for most victo-
ries? 
• 8, Wh at professional baseball 
player holds the most consecuti ve-
game hitting streak record and how 
many games did it lust? 
.7. Who won the 1993 National 
L eague Cy Young award? 
.8, Who led the UCSD women' s 
soccer team in total points thi s sea-
son? 
• 9, Who scored the winning goal 
to put the Triton men'S soccer team 
back i nto the Final Four? 
• 10, Who is the starting goal ten-
der for the San Jose Sharks of th~ 
NHL? 

THE DJ'S SPO DTS 
QUIZ IS BACK! 

Every Thursday 

Tlw UCSD Guardian 

POLO: Tritons 
lose in first round to 
Southern California 
Continued from page 20 
defense. Nalu stole the ball at the 
peri meter and raced to a body- leng th 
advantage on hi s man. With time 
running down, Nalu pulled up for a 
two-pointer but did no t have enough 
time to get off one of his famous 
upper-comer scorchers. The Mas-
sachusetts goalie had a good read on 
Ihe hurried shot and stymied the 
Tritons' hopes of finishing fifth. 

Nalu tallied si)( points in the loss, 
after attempting 20 shots 011 gO:1 1. 
The rest of the Triton ento urage 
only collec ted 12 sho t attempts. 

"Nalu carried us offensively all 
weekend," Harper said . 'Too much 
so. We were almost to tall y reliant 
on [Na lu ] to score goals. Everybody 
knew he would get his shots. they 
just shut the rest of o ur team down. 
and that was good enough to win . 

" Amherst was tired up," Harper 
continued . " They wanted to beat u • 
badly . The East Coast teams alw;')' ~ 
love to beat up the [usually ~t'Jn ­
gerl West Coasters." 

The loss plunged UCSL' into 
the sevt!nth -place game ag~' i 'n st 
Navy o n Sunday . The con le~ t 
produced scores that m ore cl ' lsely 
resembled a footba ll g all' t! than a 
water polo matc h . I :' Harper 
thought the dd'en~e wa~ poor in 
the Massa husetts ga m e. thal l tile 
20-17 10s~ to avy would ha ve to 
be de~cribed a~ horrendo u ~. 

" We couldn ' t play defen~e to 
save our li ves:' Harper ~aid . " The 
roof caved in." 

-

Mike Nalu was named the WWPA MVP for second straight year_ 

Navy jumped o n top ear ly. kad-
ing 10-6 at the half and 16- 11 .If tel' 
three quarters. Th~ Trito ll ' ag,lill 
made a late ~tab at re~pect. but kll 
well ~hort aftcr t he Ii nOl i horn obI . 
ending UCSD' ~ ~e;I~OIl and placing 
the tcam eighth in the lournament. 

Turnovers again plagued the , an 
Diego squad. which gave up II III 
its final pcrfoll1anc~ for a gmnu illwl 
of 39 in Ihe three galllc~. 

"It wa,n't fu n 10 watch. " Flalll-.", 
said . 

Nalu agai n guided the 'COl ing 
e ftol1 with Ii\ e goab. bring ing hi, 

~ea,()n gla nd tot al 1.1 107 nl' ttL'd 
~ 11 \l t ~. II'hll:l1 ~qll,IIc'd hI ' Il)()~ 
I L'(;llI'd bl ~,,~i ng \llkn' IIL' ull tpul. 
Th.: JlIllinl hL'I:,IIllL' th.: Tllttllh' all -
tilll, ~lllring I'dlkr II tlh 2X-l !,'u;i1,. 
Naill gartlt:n:d ,emlld t~ .1111 "ie'A A 
1\11 TOlltll,IIIlL'nt hUIlOI ' and I~;I~ 

1l;;Ill~U the W\.\ P \ ', :-'(.hl Valll;lbk 
PI;;Yl' l 101 thl' ".'wild l'nll'l'eUIII, 
,,;;,Illl 

"w t" 11 h, h,tl·I-. Ill''') l'.tl." I 1011'111:1' 
,a id . "D':'PIIL' lhl' b.td II l'dL·lld. IIC 

had a'tl(:L'~" '1I1 '~""1I1. :'\nnt.'ll ilht.' 
"Id, , ho llid hang thl'lr h,oIt"- We 

;;L'L'o ll1rli , h~d .1 lot" 

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! The simuel Boldwyn Company and University Events Office invite you to a 

bi.il~:;lnit 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr_ Schlussel puts 
health back in your life_ 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 558-3600 

MONDAY 
NIGHT 

FOOTBALL 
$2 pints all night 
5~ dOSS during the game 

. . ':J .. '_ 

• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 1 0 years 
• OPEN 9 am-7 pm 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20e 

WING NIGHT 
from 3 pm-cJose, 
$2 pints on our 

BrewMuter Specials 
!'rom 7 pm-close 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew (or $5 

($3 with UCSD IDI 
Refills $2 eacb It every week 

from 7 pm-close 

r.... enr .... GanM!ta ... r:..It"'f· 
274· 

FREE PREVIEW SCREENING 

sJRfiner House A place where love 
grows and friendship 

blossoms riglJt before 

)'our eyes. 

Jellnll!! 

MOREAU 
joun 

PLOWRIGHT 
jlllie 

WALTERS 

". NI: llli.IflTEil jtA>;M 110R!;"tI jm" rIOll.'KI(,It t' JIII IE W~IHRI -THE St ."m.w HOl ' ~r 
lhVtI) Til REI FUL MAGGIr. THD jOllN WOOD J.[I\A IIL~DEr .. ,., .... w .... ""'_' T.\NI [\' mu 

, . 

OJ,,,' Krl\ PEAR " ....... ~ .• , •. "". It'.\Rl ~"'LI\[R r.,,,", .,_.,_ REI' MAmM eN I 
,-",rfl/M "'·."'" MAR ... ~HI\A:-t .., ... " '. " ..... '"" !Nt I 11· IIf ,· " . , • 1 1 ,'.111111 It\ Al KE TH()~i " . I:U.l5 
,~"..., .. M,UTf:'- ~H[RMA .......... , ~OMIIA IIr.HtA N 1> .. ,."" W"Rl~ 1il'~SEI" :~,:, •• " ~}" 

Dec. 2 • Thursday • 8pm • Mandeville Aud. 
free passes available at Noon on Wednesday Dec. 1st at UeSD 801 Office 



. ' 

14 SPOIITS 

7 5 3 6 f.a yAy e . 

456-BREW 

College ID/proof of age required. 

May it Pleas 
Peter 
Irons 
A member of the UCSD faculty, Peter Irons, will 
speak and hold a question and answer session. 

Tapes and Transcripts, never before available, of 
historic Supreme Court Cases. 

Six 90-Minute Cassettes, including a narration by 
Peter Irons identifying the speakers and pUlling the 

arguments in context. 
A Hardcover Book with background to each case, 
transcripts of the arguments, and excerpts from the 

opinions. 
Wed., Dec. 1 
Noon !·elim,,~ 
UCSD Bookstore ;"".".,. .4 

SEMI-DISPOSABLES $16900* 1·YEAR SUPPLY 
COMPLETE 

Dally.ear Eltended Wear Blsp_bln 
CcHIpllte COIIIpllt. $179* $89* $109* 24 pack 

"Includes: Complete Eye Exam· Fitting· Follow-up Care 
• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only· Other Major Brands in Stock 

'------We take the time to listen and explain. 
Dr. lick 1 6780 Miramar Rd_ 1 SELBY,o.D. Z,.,. ... OIlDSIDlftIldfM1·s Jr.) 578·6796 
S59 ' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses! ~':~::, 11 

The LJCSD Guardian Monthl\'. NO~t'lll),t'" 21)_ 11)1)3 

UCSD Saved By The Buzzer 
MEN'S HOOP: Tritons 
tally first two wins of 
year at Tip-Off Classic 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSO men's basketball 
team's retooled style may still be 
waiting for some parts and labor, 

Bfl~KET 
~-+ '.:':"*' 
BHLL 

but the Tritons 
managed to 
eke out two 
victories to 
claim the Tri -
ton Tip-Off 
Classic cham-
pionship this 
weekend. The 
wins, 63-61 
over Christian 
Heri tage on 
Friday and 70-
68 against La 
Verne Satur-

day, raised UCSO's record t02- 1 on 
the season. 

After a miserable season-open-
ing loss to Pomona-Pitzer last week, 
the Tritons were looking for a strong 
performance to bounce back on. Un-
fortunately for UCSD, they didn't 
get it. What the Tritons did get was 
'some gutsy play that proved, if noth-
ing else, that UCSD will do any-
thing it takes to pick up a win. 

Friday's first-round contest with 
Christian Heritage did not show-
case the UCSO revamped offensive 
and defensive styles, as Head Coach 
Tom Marshall had hoped. The Tri-
tons shot only 36 percent from the 
field for the game and got off to a 
slow start, falling behind 33-26 at 
halftime. 

UCSD contin'ued to struggle af-
ter intermission, trailing by as many 
as 14 points. But Marshall switched 
stmtegies and installed a zone de-
fense. 

"Once we shifted to the zone, 
Christian Heritage started having 
trouble with it. They weren ' t hitting 
their shots, we started getting some 
boards and then we had the advan-
tage," Marshall said. 

The Tritons tartedtoclimbback 
and ended up taking the game by a 
bucket. UCSD was led by Kareem 
Matthews, who had 14 points and 
10 rebounds, both team highs. Erik 
Johnson and Matt Minehan both 
scored 12 points for the Tritons. 

UCSD's matchup with La Verne 
on. SaLUrday was also frustrating. 

The Tritons fell behind 8-3 early, 
then went on a 14-2 run to take a 17-
10 leadonlohnson 's 12-footjumper 
from the right comer with 10:52 to 
play in the tirst half. 

Johnson was the main reason 
UCSDtooka 38-31 halftime advan-

Jason KIICI11el (,uafOlan 
Erik Johnson was named MVP of this weekend's Triton Tip-Off Classic. 

tage, topping the Triton scorers with 
12 points in the tirst 20 minutes. 

But UCSD couldn't hang on to 
the lead for long. Eight minutes into 
the second half, the Leopards' Aaron 
Courseault took a backdoor pass 
and laid the ball in to knot the score 
at 49. 

lust two-and-a-half minutes later, 
Courseault took a pass from team-
mate Dominick Mumolo and knifed 
right up the middle to ex tend La 
Verne's lead to 58-50. 

UCSD battled back, with point 
guard Rodney Lusain leading the 
way. With three minutes to play in 
the game, the senior sunk two free-
throws to bring the Tritons within 
68-63. 

Forry seconds later, Lusain nai led 
an eight-footer to reduce the La 
Verne lead to three, then dri lied a 
jumper from 10 feet with a minute-
and-a-half to play. Suddenly. the 
Leopards were ahead by on ly one 
and running scared. 

The score stayed at 68-67 L'l 
Verne until only 14 seconds re-
mained in the game, when contro-
versy enli vened an already spicy 
contest. Ten seconds earlier, ajump 
ball had been called and awarded to 
La Verne, but there was a problem 
with the automatic shot clock. 

As a result, the shot clock buzzer 

rang with La Verne's Michael 
Wollangk holding the ball neur 
midcourl. Both teams froze and 
looked toward the sideline, with the 
exception of Lusuin. As the be-
fuddled Wollangk wondered what 
was going on, Lusain ran up and 
took the ball out of his hands. The 
point guard fed Matthew~, who 
found Johnson on the left side. 
Johnson converted Ihe layup and 
UCSD had a 69-68 kad. 

The Tri tons fouled M u malo with 
seven seconds rcmui ni ng. but 
MUlllolo couldn 't taKe the pressure, 
bricking both freethrows and insur-
ing the UCSD win. 

J{Jhnson tinished with 23 points, 
including five three-poi nters, and 
wasnamcdtournamentMVP. Team-
mate Brian Van Nay was named to 
the All-Tournament team with 14 
points and 12 rebounds. 

"V{e tried everything this weeK-
end:' John ~on said. "lust trying to 
tind something thm wou ld worK . It 
wasn't pretty, but we had a lot of 
heart and we just found a way to 
win." 

"The defense is gettin~,:U:,gl~ .?n 
what they" re doing, and we out-
rebounded I La Verne I. the first time 
we 've done that thi, yea r. That's 
what we need 10 win this year. de-

fen~e and reb()und~'" ~1ar,hall said. 

Attention All Parents 
and Athletes: 
The Guardian has more photos than YOLI can 'hake your t-'yP at in it::; fil{'~ 
just b gging for you to come and g t "em_ Men '. sO("Ct'l", women's sO("('(-'l", 
volleyball, waler polo, ero country!!! 

top by the Guardian sport office on tbe ' eeoncl floor of the Old ' Iudenl 
Center, or call 534-6582 for more information. Capture your ("ollege sports 
days forever with a profe ional quality photo of you in action!!! 

Monday, November 29, 1993 The UCSD Glll1nlian 

Jumbo Victory For UCSD 
TOURNAMENT: Tritons 
alvage final game at 

Chuck Resler Tournament 
By Aron Miller 
Associate Sports Editor 

After beginning the 1993-94 
campaign on a sour note, the UCSD 
women's basketball team headed 

east to take 
part in the 
Chuck Resler 
Tournament in 
Roch es ter. 
New York, 
this weekend. 
Judging from 
their final con-
te t, things are 
heading in the 
right direction 
for the Tritons. 

UCSO (1-
2) matched up 

against Tufts University in the con-
solation final on Sunday, and the 
Triton offense was more in tune 
than a group of choir tenors. 

UCSD jumped out early, scoring 
the first 12 points of the game, and 
never looked back, charging to a 
commanding 49-27 halftime lead. 
The Tritons shot a so-so 44 percent 
in the first half, which was astound-
ing compared to the lowly Tufts 
shooters, who threw up brick after 
brick, amassing a futile 36.4 per-
centage. 

During the second half, UCSD 
let Tufts back into the game, but not 
nearly enough to give the Jumbos 
any chance of winning. 

When the dust settled, San Oi-
ego broke two team tournament 

. records: most points in a game (93) 
and most field goals made in agame 
(68). 

Junior Sara Mease and sopho-
more Stacey Patsko led the Tritons 
with 16 points apiece. 

San Diego's first game of the 
tournament pitted the team against 
the three-point bombers of Clark 
College, and Clark's gunners did 
not disappoint. 

UCSD had difficulty finding the 
net throughout the contest, firing a 

STALLIONS: 
NFL owners head to 
the mountains 
Continued from page 20 
has been sold out forthe past million 
years and I heartickets to a Skins vs. 
Tampa game in the year 2027 are 
available in limited supply. Call now. 

That leaves us with Bob's Stal-
lions. The Gateway to the West ha 
several plusses in its favor. St. Louis 
is currently building a $260 million, 
70,OOO-seat stadium. lacksonville's 
stadium is older than dirt. 

SI. Louis is ranked the 18th larg-
est TV market in the nation. The 
Stallions undoubtedly picked upad-
ditional VOles by adding NFL career 
rushing leader Walter Payton to their . 
ownership ranks. 

According to Bob, St. Louis en-
joys a booming population of two 
million-plus. The former St. Louis 
Cardinals, before they relocated to 
Phoenix in 1988, often used to at-
tract close to three million fans per 
year. Local St. Louis TV stations 
sti ll televise the Phoenix games. 
'They're still our Cardinals," Bob 
assured me. 

Then why did they hit the road? 
Bob blames Cardinal owner Bill 

Senior Usa Beaver scored a team-hlgh 20 points against Clark. 

sub-par 38 percent (35 percent in 
the first halO. Despite the poor hoot-
ing, Clark was in no way blowing 
the Tritons out of the building. 
UCSO had only a one-point deficit 
to overcome heading to the locker 
room. 

The second half was just as 
evenly matched as the first. The 
Tritons matched Clark point for 
point, but late in the game an over-
abundance of fouls cost UCSD the 
win. 

LisaBeaver,a6'3" senior, fouled 
out afterscoring 20 points and grab-
bing 12 rebounds, and Patsko (18 
points, nine rebounds) rode the pine 
after being hit with her fifth foul. 

With its two tallest players on 
the bench, UCSD had no defensive 
force in the middle, and Clark ex-

Bidwill. SI. Louis fans like Bidwell 
about as much as they like sharp 
pointed objects wrenched deep into 
their skulls. 

"One year we had finished poorly 
in the standings, so we had a good 
first-round draft choice. Now those 
were the days, when the Cards had 
three quality QB's, IikelimHart. So 
what does [BidwillJ do? He drafts a 
quarterback. I don ' t even remember 
his name he was so bad," Bob re-
called. Pure geniu , [ say - the 
Padre owners should sign this guy. 

A SI. Louissportscolumnistsaid 
Bidwell left because of nasty in-
fighting. "Yeah, between him and 
the fans. Season ticket holders were 
mailing their tickets to hi house in 
disgust," Bob wisely informed me. 
'"Bidwill was awful." . 

Well, I guess it would be a ~afe 
bet that Bidwill will probably not 
cast his ballot for Ole St. Lou. 

There are u couple of glitches 
which could work against the Stal-
lions' football dreams. 

The stadium is being built about 
four blocks from Busch Stadium in 
downtown St. Louis. Trust me, that's 
bad. Driving through St. Louis is 
like trying to derive the Pythagorean 
Theorem with an abacus. 

Even lifetime residents lapse into 

tended the lead over the final min-
ute to take the game, 81-75. 

Clark finished the contest with 
an impressive 47 percent shooting 
performance from the three-point 
line, with Meegan Garrity connect-
ing on six of her 12 attempts to help 
give her 23 points. Andrea Greenlee 
also had 23 for Clark. 

The Tritons began their season 
last Tuesday night at Claremont-
Mudd-Scripps with a 69-56 loss, 
shooting a painfully dismal 28 per-
cent from the field . 

"We had some first game jit-
ters," UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone said. 

That nervou ness reared its ugly 
head in many different ways for the 
Triton . They were 0-5 from the 

See W. HOOP, Page 11 

fits of hysteria trying to figure out 
where the helilhey are going. One 
wrong turn and a short trip to the 
ballpark can become a hair-rai ing 
adventure into the dark underworld. 

Parking difficulties, especially in 
those dead-of-winter games played 
when it's 40 degrees below zero, 
can change even the most di stin-
guished fan into a raging boar with 
an unquenchable thir t for blood. 
Aside from my buddy Bob, "d istin-
guished" would be the last word I 
would use to describe a St. Louisian. 

Finally, a minor legal problem 
with the stadium'S lease could pos-
sibly put a damper on the Stallions' 
hopes. Gateway Partnership, the 
ownership conglomerate fronting 
the cash forthe NFL escapade, doe~ 
not yet have sole control of the Ma-
dium lease. 

But Bob and I tend to agree that 
SI. Louis would not bedumbenough 
to let a secondary contractual dewil 
impede a six -yenr franchi se quest. 

All things considered, St. Louis 
looks to be the next proud recipient 
of an NFL franchise. The NFL own-
ers know it, the fans in St. Louis 
know it and most importantly, Bob 
knows it. I trust Bob. My Tuesday 
prediction - the St. Louis Stallion 
by a nose. 

LARGEST 

SELECflONS 

OF 

DESIGNER 

SOUTHERN 

CALIFORNIA 

Robert Heller, O.D. 
Steven Tayman, O.D. 

:-i 1'0 ({ T:-i I.> 

SOFT 
CONTACT 
LENSES 
SPECIALS 

DlSPOSABL 
ACUVUEor 'EW VU, $400 ea. 
DAILY WEAR 
COMPLETE $99 
EXTENDED WEAR 
B & L LEI'\SES $139 CO\lPLETE 
80Il 'flOC,oIllnck.dt eAOm, eyecOfe 
\. and IoIIow up ~.I 

• PRESCRJPllONS flUID 

• GlASSfS OIJIIUCA TEO 

• COMPLrn EYE EXAMS 
• No AI't'OINTMlNT NEaSSAllY 

Considering the {YdPef is 
due tomorrow, aren't ypu 
glad we're open all night? 

You wanl to make sure your projcct looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be woding on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never turn in. 

La lolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (ncar Ralph~) 

. . 

1011( OWC' 

Cut 
Club 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnel Avenue 
483-1852 

and you can earn a FREE HAlft:tUT and product discounts 
r::-

I 
I 
I 

I I 
: :;:0 I $995 r,::s ~24 95 : 
I Conditioner ~ ... .....,_ ... -..". , 

- ... -I Haw I 
" CFroo.llorln. $1395 FREE SHAMPOO ,I 

with I haircut ll _____________________ , 
0" ...... "',., 12J11'N. 

we c.are hair 
ALWAYS A GREAT HAIR DAYTM 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\01 \CE'IE\T~ 
t.«XlEl.N> SQO.ARSHPSAVN.NJ.£ lIBn 
fIan fle bel!I. ALdIor6 PmonaI ~ 
Qru. 2ID-7616. (1 M5-12Q) 

Mandarin Coasl Reslauranl , 755·4115 . 
Mondaydinnerbuffel, $5.99. 20 ~ems. P~cher 
beer. $3.50. Big TV, (11115·1110) 

ADVERTISlNGACCOUNT EXECUTIVES. THE 
UCSO GuarOO1 has 2 irnmedale openings for 
studenlS willi: A car. ~erknow-how. great 
in1afpeIOOnaI sl<ilsandadesim 10 excelinUCSD'S 
mostrewardingJObopporlunity. Cal Michael 534-
3467. (11116-1212) 

FIFTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Planringtoapply 
lor an RA position? AA OIellIaIJOr1 Leader 
po5Ition?O.jUSlwanlloenhanceyourleadership 
sklls? The Fifth CoIege Leadership Series will 
benefit you. Willie< Quarter, Tuesdays noon· 
1 :30p.m. beglnnong January 4. Limited 
spaces ... reserve you seal by DeceIrtler 10 at 
Filth College Dean's OffICe (Bldg. UCTR 412). 
Q.JesIions?CallKinLopez-Puikunas,Asst. Dean, 
Filth College, 534-2237. (11122-1212) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Cartoon lagoon ........... 457 -9798 
Fairmair's ...... ..... .......... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1 134 

UCSD EATS & DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Dim Sum ........ .............. 535-1668 
Oomino's ........... ........... 452-UCSO 
Greek Cuisine ... .. ......... 558-7nl 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
Pizza Nova ................... 458-9525 
Yakimono ................ .. ... 452-4255 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .5B7-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ...... 455·1120 

UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Skin Care by Lorraine .. 457-2100 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Or. Becker, Chiro ... ...... 452-2882 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Birthright... . . ........ (800)484-LOVE 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care .... .. .... ...... ... 226-1733 
Tan 4 Less ........... ........ 455-0909 
Or. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye .. "." ....... . 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla ..... " ... 597-2020 
Or. Selby, 0 _0 . ............. 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
co Sounds ................. 578-3472 
Music Trader ......... .. ... " 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ...... .. ...... 452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .. " .............. " .. 452-9949 
Kinko's .. ... " ... "."." ... " .. 457-3775 
Zebra Copy ...... .... ........ 457-1007 

UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearning .... " ......... 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-5656 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co_ .... 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 

UCSDETC. 
SI. Germain 's ... " .......... 455·1414 
Mission Fed. Credit Union .... 546-2035 
Nectar Sur1 & Sport ...... .. 753·6066 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-woro increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for persOIUll use only), $3 for faculty arul staff, and $4 for others_ Paymenl in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thursday for Monday s 
issue, and 3 p.rn Monday for Thursday s issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more irifomUition 
caLL 534-541 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Atm: Classifieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, iLl Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

HIT AND RUN. My dark grey Mazda was hil 
lurnlng lell inlo Ihe North campus enlrance al 
8:40a .m ., Wed, Nov_ 17, II you have 
Information, PLEASE call Kalie 578-2858. 
(1 1/22-1212) 

Slressedl Cerlifled massage therapist 
in Shialsu . parasympathetic new 
muscular & deep l iss ue . $20I hr . 
Mar ianna 571-1313 . (11/29-1212) 

POSTAL JOBS Available I Many posilions. 
Greal bene illS. Call 1-800-436-4365, exl. 
P-3387. (1111 -11 129) 

Need a part-lime. on campus job? Apply al 
lhe UCSD Telephone Outreach Programl 
S6.00/hr guaranleed plus bonus available I 
Raise needed funds for UCSD educalion l 
Fun environment wilh olher UCSD sludenlsl 
Visil711 Universlly Cenler (above Oulback 
Adventures) or call 535-1433 for more Infol 
(1011 4-1212) 

SPRING BREAK '94 - Cily of Lake Havasu, 
AZ is seeking responsible campus reps 10 
promole largesl Spring break in the Wesl. 
Earn 555 + Free trips I Bill (619) 435-TRIP or 
(800) 4HAVASU. ( 11111-1212) 

NEED C ASH-WE DELIVERI DOMINO'S 
PIZZA NOW HIRING DELIVERY DRIVERS. 
Minimum 18 yrs old wilh 2 yrs driVing 
experoence, vahddrlvers license + Insurance, 
good driVing record. Call the UCSD store al 
452-UCSD (452-8273)3211 HolidayCI. Slop 
byaller lla.m. EOE.(11 115-12J2) 

ATIENTION:STUDENTWORKSPAINTING 
is now hiring branch operators for the summer 
of94. Earn upto $15,000 and gellhe business 
experience ofatolellme. Call 1-800-955-7557. 
Posilions 1IIIong lasl Ihroughoul Caillornla. 
(11115-1114) 

Wanled ' LeaSing agenl-OFFICE suppon . 
FleXible hours + good pay. Call 452-9920. 
Ask for Beverly. (11118- 11 /29) 

Now hirong RoundTable Pizza/PriCe Center. 
Pari lime . mornings, afternoons. evenings. 
FleXible hours, 457-2060. (11118-1 1120) 

ADVERTISING ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES. THE 
UCSD Guardian has 2 immediate openings for 
sludems with: A car, computer know-how, greal 
onIerp9rsonalskolls<l1d adesoreto excel 111 UCSD'S 
rrosl rewardingpbopportunily. Call Michael534-
3467. (11118-1212) 

FoodserverlCashierneeded for day and nlghl 
shi fts al small Mexican restaurant. Apply in 
person: Los Cabos 12955 EI Camino Real 
Suile G-7, San Diego. CA 92130, opposile 
Edwards Cinema. (11122-11129) 

Exp. babysil1er wilh Iransponalion, La 
Jolla . M in , 8 hoursl week , $5I hour : 
weekends & evenings. Refs , required ' 
454-6618. Mrs. Strauss. (11/22-1 1129) 

Pan-lime lemporary clerical & errands . 
MuSI have own car. $7.00 hour. Call Ann 
536-9393. (11122 -1110) 

FREE TRIPS AND MONEYlllndividuals and 
Siudeni Organizalions wan led to promole 
lhe HOllesl Spring Break Oeslinalions. call 
Ihe nalion's leader. Inler-Campus Programs 
1-800-327 -6013. (11118-1212) 

EARN EXTRA U$ FOR THE HOLIDAYS! 
New cosmetics company near UCSD is 
looking for PAtD VOLUNTEERS (men & 
women) 10 panicipale in skin sensilivi ly and 
antiperspiranl sludies. Earn greal $$ wllh 
flexible hours and days. 10 minule walk from 
UCSD. Those wilh known his lory of irritation 
10 cerlain brands of anliperspirants are 
needed. CALL TODAY 10 schedule your 
screeningappolntmenl. 550-7070, eXlenslon 
105. (11129-1212) 

Inleresled in exira cash? Part lime job 
designed for s lu denls. Tel. 293-3658 _ 
( 11128- 1212) 

NOTETAKERS WANTED lor Cog Sci 107B 
and selecled upper division Psychology 
courses nexl quarter. MUSI have received a 
B+ or beUer and know how 10 1ype. Get paid 
$8.17 an hour for going 10 class, meeling wilh 
Ihe professor , and typing up notes. II 
interested, slOp by the A.S. Leclu re NOles 
office, or cal 534 -6238 lor more inlormation. 
( 11129-1212) 

CHILDCARE NEEDED . Occasi onal 
weekday/weekend evenings . Exceilenl 
relerence experience required . Own 
Iransp0rlation . Please cail 259-6907 . 
(11/29- 1212) 

FOR SALE 
FOR SALE : Desk chair $15: An Easel 
(brand new) $115 : drafting table . 36' x48", 
$70; wetsuils, SIM; surfboards 5'11 "-6 '1"; 
hiking bOOIS, Asolo all lealher T, $60 
each ALL NEGOTIABLE, 587-8672. ( 10/ 
21-11129) 

GREAT TASTING WATER wilh counlertop 
water filler: sman alternallve to cosily , 
inconvenienl bottled waler . QUICK 
inslallalion. Removes lead, chlorine, more : 
Fillers 10,000 gallons for only 2 CENTS PER 
GALLON. 272-4148. (1 1/4-1212) 

RT plane licketlo Sacramento: Leave 12111 
(11 :55a.m.), returns 112 (1 :45p.m.). $120, 
Maple 546-0358, (11115-11129) 

Skis, 190 Fischer Vacuums wl M28 bindings. 
praclically new. $150.00. 226-4300 Don or 
Nicole. (11 118-11/29) 

SkI bocAs.l:>jratOO'1"lXl o<dlgbools. aitused 1())(. 
A<mil $200. Ca112al-43OO. Don. (1 1116-11r.9) 
Schwinn 12 speed. Blue, women's frame. 
$75.224-2326. (11128-1212) 

Foosbalilable "Premier Soccer" Table of 
Champions - Appro x. 6 yrs. old -good 
condo Great for fraVsor. house $250.00 
obo. 272-0818. (11122-11129) 

TERMINAL FOR SALE: Do your computer 
homework al home! $157, Call 554-0414 or 
281 -3817. (11122-1212) 

US ROBOTICS COURIER 14.4 modem wi 
ASL. like new, In box. includes manuals. elc. 
upgradeable 10 28.8, FAX. cosl me $400 6J 
93, sell for $150, 558-3448. (11122-11 129) 

MUST SELL 1987 Yamaha Razz SCOOler. 
Great condition, low mileage. $390 obo. Call 
Slacey 587-8136. (11/22-1212) 

Moving Sale. Sola, full·size bed. Iwin-size 
bed, lable and chairs. Call 458-6823 for more 
Info. (11129-1212) 

C.annondale MTB, 18" XT froOl and rear 
derailer. recenlly serViced. $500. Joshua 
497-5020. (11129-1212) 

'87 Nissan Senlra. AlC , AMIFM radiO , 
casselle. new sparks. \Ires. Call Marianna or 
George @ 571-1313. (11 /29-1212) 

Surfing Vehicle. '78 VW Van pop lop. Solid 
mechanical condition , runsgreal. $2,0000bo. 
587-1451 , (11129) 

'87 HONDA Elite 150cc Scooter, HWY legal. 
Runs Greal. recenl tune-up. new ballery. 
new brakes, includes helmel& U-Lock. $700. 
Sian 622-0772. (11129-1212) 

Thigh and Hip Cream wilh Aminophyll ine. 
Buy product or slart dlslrobulorshlp. Call 1-
800-600-2937. ID~ 3313. (11129-116) 

Mon/lay. ~O\'('lIIhl'I ' 29. 1993 

MUST SELL: Jackson Hole ski-lifl passes 
and hOlel accommodalions, Besl offer. Please 
call 259-6907. (11/29-1212) 

Skis, bOOls, poles. 2 sels. Rollerblade 
Macroblades 11 m. surlboard. all greal 
condilion. cheap. Eric 546-8021 . (11 /29-116) 

Must Sell l 3 Billy Joel tickels. LA show Dec, 
13. $32.50each. CaIiTerri457- 1260.(II I29) 

Futon frames for sale. Queen size slide 
framelfufl size fiallrame. Call 456-9342 . 
( 11129-1212) 

MAC SE SYSTEM. 2 floppy plus additional 
hard drive. keyboard. mouse. Imagewriler fI 
printer. Call 456-9342. (11129-1212) 

Female roommale wan led immediately. 
$300 plus 114 ulililies . 4 m iles Irom 
campus . Near bus line. Non -smoker, no 
drugs. Quiel. Iriendly environment Ask 
for Jill at 558-5938. (10/25-12/2) 

Female roommale wanted. Availab le 12/ 
23 . Pool , washer/dryer. cable . own 
bedroom $348/month. Leave massage . 
625-0821 . (11 / 15-12/2) 

Roommale waOled. Male/Female. Genessee 
Highlands near Cosla Verde. Own room, 
washerldryer. pool. $340,00 + 113 ulltolles. 
452-9520. (11111 -11129) 

ROOMMATE WANTED - Own room In 
3 bdrm condo. Near campus . POOl , 
gym . washer l drye r . No smoking . 
Ava ifable 12118 . $355Imo. + 113 ul ils. 
457 - 1149 . ( 11111 -11 129) 

~a Jolla, UTC. 3 bedroom lownhouse for 
sale. Inveslmenl opp0rlunily for sludenll 
paren!. cash flow . 453-5596. 521 -3422. 
(11115-1110) 

Male VA major, 29. seeking open -minded 
individual(s) 10 find and share hOUSing 
be9inning 111/94. Quiellresponslble/non-
paniers prelerred. Call Doug 273-8027. 
(1 1115-12/2) 

Roommales wanted: Golden Triangle 2 rms. 
available $2801$290 + 114 ulilil ies. Washerl 
dryer Included, Close 10 buslines, shopping , 
UTC and UCS· · Females preferred. MuSI fill 
by Dec. 1 Sl. Call Marcie or Carosa. 455-6981. 
(11 /1 8-11129) 

Own room Mira Mesa sludent house. Many 
amenilies. good guys. $310. Available now! 
Paul 549-6842. (11118-1212) 

1 or 2 rooms available in quiel Universlly Cily 
home With pool and jacuzzI. Share Wllh IWO 
young prolesslonals (male). Prefer age 24-
35. ;375and $325 plus ulililles. $350deposil. 
457-3425. (11, ,8-11 129) 

Mira Mesa House: Professionals preferred. 
Master bedroom $400 ulililies. Brad 549-
3327/Kalhy 695-2140/Paul (805)522·1435. 
(1 1/18-1212) 

Condo for rent 3 bed, 1,5 balh 1 ml Irom 
school. 9584 Easier Way 748-3844 (11118· 
1212) 

Walk 10 campus Large masler In beauliful 
Cambrodge Complex. by Ralphs. All amenllies 
included, lOIS 0 books, pool lable. $500/mo. 
+.parl . Uti Is. John 452-6269 (11 18-1 212) 

Free room and board in exchange lor (ulo'"'g 
15yr. old boy. carlsbad 431-9479. (1122-1/3) 

-. 

Kappa Alpha Theta is coming to the 
University of California San Diego! 
Theta's kite will soon be flying over the University of California at San Diego, and we invite 
upperclas!f women, as well as new women students, to come hear about our plans. 

What is Kappa Alpha Theta? 
Kappa Alpha Theta is a fraternity for women- the first Greek-letter fraternity for women with chapters 
at Stanford, Harvard, Yale, MIT, Colorado College, UOP, Irvine, Davis, Cal Poly and more. 

'. Display at UCSD: January 3-8, Price Center Plaza 
. infofll!3tional Open House: January 9, Price Center BalIrC:,om 

Interviews (by appointment): January 10 an~ 11, Price Center, Galleries A and B 
~--""""'---f ::ii FQf: mow:e information.·and to set up intervi~ws contact: Paul De Wme. SOLO at 534-1611 

:':':;.: 

... : 

Monday, NovemLc." 29, 1993 

Roommare wanted to share HUGE masler 
bedroomlbath in nice. fun townhouse. 
Garage, washer/dryer. pool. spa. Near 
C8fT"9Us. $2701mo. Starting DecJJan. Call 
535-9092. (11/18-11 129) 

Hefpt Roommale wanted 10 share masler 
bedroom (wlown baIMlaIcony.) by La JoIa 
CIW1yon wiIh frierdyfemale UCSO SII.JciIrt S280 
+ 114 LAiIities (negotiable). 5-1 0 mns from school. 
Avaiable 111/94_~. (1 1122-1212) 

HERE IT IS ... CHEAP RENT! Female needed 
10 share Master Bdrm al Renaissance, Pool. 
weight room, spa. washerldryer, $26OImonth. 
Move in 1/94. Call Mieke or Carrie 452-6644. 
(11/22-1212) 

Female roommaIe wan1ed-own room In 4 bdr, 
hOUse. $2SO+ 114 uIiIides. FriendlyenvironmenL 
Cal Alsen 273-8059. (11122-1212) 

Room for rent 10 foreign student in our Muador 
Park home. 2 min 10 Penesquilos Canyon 
Reserve entrance; 5 min 10 FRWY 5; 2 exils 
to UCSD. $250 mo .. no utilities to pay. Parking. 
washer. dryer, cable TV, Home office free lor 
your use. 549-0030. (11122-11129) 

550-RENT. FREE apartmenl search 24 hrst 
day. Fasll Easyll000's apartmenls, Afiareas, 
Call 550-RENT. (11122-113) 

Room with pnvate bath. Mira Mesa. Female 
only. $325 monlh. Utilities inctuded. DepOSit 
Ann 536-9393. (11122-111 0) 

Seekilg roommaIe for University Cily house with 
Medical Studenl and 2 Grad Students, $337,50/ 
month ... uli1ities. Washerldryer. cable. fully 
fumishedliving room, 3fT"4lIe parkirY:) andstorage. 
Andrea453·7128. (11122-1212) 

Your own room for $25OImonth + 116 ud. House 
of 6 w~ poof. garden in University Cily. Winter 
quarter only_ Male or female (pref. female) non-
smoker. Call Nathan 625-0326. (11129-1212) 

One bdrm. apt. smll .. quielapls. Crown Point. 
P,B. 2 blocks from bay. Parking. $5651month, 
$5651deposit. Call 272-2868. From: 8:00a.m.-
3:00p.m. (11/29) 

Roommale wanled . 3br , 2ba house . 
Clairemonl, qulet. 15 min to UCSD. $3OO+ 11 
3 util , deposit 278-4579. (11129-1212) 

2 roommates needed to share 6 bedroom 
house. pool. spa. the works wilh 4 olher guys 
@ Clairemont-Mesa slarting winter '94. $300 
+ 116 bills . Call Rith or Tien 272-7530. (11122) 

La Jolla Colony, 2 bea"oorn 1,25 bath, upper 
oondOendunil, washerldryer, view. 2carc<wport 
VlllA1edceilings, newfloors.$850. Gofden Triangle 
area 591-4168 awnings. (11129-1212) 

Roommale wanted 10 share HUGE maSler 
bedroomibalh In roomy WIG APT_ Pool, spa, 
gym, volleyball + cool roommates. Near 
campus. $2251mo. Available nowl Call John 
or Earl 587-8684. (11129) 

LIVE ATTHE BEACH. Share room in huge, 
2-story. beauliful house, Just steps from 
beach in Del Mar. Fun. friendty room males. 
$3oo/mo. Available 12-18 Ihru 3-20. Kiny 
755-5804. (1 1129) 

HEE-UGEI ROOM in U.C. Full lenglh closet. 
bathroom. jacuzzi, backyard . Active 
roommates 2 guyS12 gats like hiking, climbing, 
cycling , 5340 plus deposit Call Eric 558-
1818 al work. (1 1129-1212) 

Own room. cable TV. washerl dryer, good 
roommates. 53001mo , UTC area, Alicia 
457-2075 . (11129) 

North Pacif ic Beach . Spacious. 2bd . 
1.5ba. \Wnh with new appliances. $875/ 
monlh . 3 blks 10 beach . prvt. palio. and 2 
park ing spaces. Av. 1211/93. No pels, 
581 -9446. (11/29-1212) , 

DtSSERTATIONfTHESIS HELP. Ediling. 
organization, proofreading, slatistics. 2Oyrs. 
elCp8rienoe. Cal 24 hours: 265-7238 (9121-1113) 

La Jolla Barbershop. Quality Barbering . 
Haircuts $8.00. 459-5792. (9121-1212) 

VioIinNiola Lessons. You or your child(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, professional 
leacher, Now accepllng slUdanl5- all ages 
and levels welcome! Call Conrad 468-0525 
(9121 -1212) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! Only $5.95. Wh ile 
you wail. Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germains, 452-9949. (10/25-612) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITING/REWRITING of 
papers, Iheses. dlssertalions. monographs. 
George Tibbon. 299-2420. (1111 -11129) 

\'.QR[)PROCESSING'AUDtOTRANSCRII'Tl()If. 
Professional. personable. very skilled . 
Graduate + research & book publocallon 
background. 226-8446. (11/4-1 1129) 

WORD PROCESSING. IBM/Macinlosh 
syslems. APAIrush jobs special ly-spelling 
correcled . Burke Secrelaroal. Hillcresl 
299-6618 . ( 11115-1212) 

Word processing ot any kind, large or small. 
Quick return, prolesslOnal quailly. Call Janel 
or Carol. 276-7362, (11 /22·1120) 

UNIQUE CHRISTMAS GIFT. Name and 
aclual STAR for someone. Just $33. Slar 
Regislralion (714) 283-9114. ( 11 /22-1212) 

FACULTY : professional EDITORI 
GHOSTWRITER: ooIege leX1bookslMcGraw-
HW; 15years' experience. Books, articles. Member 
SDiPEN, 465-5524. (1 1122-1212) 

Assislance with wriling skills, MCAT and 
ESL. Have taught classes at Universlly of 
California and have advanced degrees in 
English & 10reign languages. My lUIorial lee 
is reasonable. Ann 536-9393. (11122-1110) 

Word processing. resumes, privalecompuler 
Instruction, cheap rates. Ctose to UCSD. 
459-5909. (1 1122·113) 

FRENCH TUTORING by bilingual M.A. for 
Universi1y of Paris w/years of experience. 
GuaraOleed work and lowest rates. If you 
need help in your French class or want to 
learnfomprove your skills in writing, grammar, 
conversalion ... please call Sara 558-9493. 
(11129-1212) 

Need posiUve guidance and advice??? Call 
Shelly at Renl-A Psychic. Readings at local 
coffee house. 543-0334. (11129-1212) 

Women·s Peer Counseing available: Women's 
ResouroeCenIer,Monday-Friday.Cal534-2023 
for hours or appoin1n lOll (11129) 

\\;\I\TEIl 
ADVERTISING ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES. The 
UCSD Guardian Ila'l 2 immediate openings for 
SludenIS with: A car, romputer know-how, great 
inIerpersonaIskillsandadesiretoexcelinUCSD's 
mosI rewarding job opporIunily. Cal Michaet 
534-3467. (11116-1212) 

I 

The UCSD CIIOlnlian 

MODELS N EEDED . TV . runway , 
swimsuil. calendar, catalog . print. 
Experienced .. Inexperienced . Call 
Audilions, 220-7614 . (10125- 12/2) 

Earn $100.00. Subjects wanted lor a study 
on alcohol's effects. " you are a Japanese. 
Chinese. or Korean, American-born male, 
call Scripps Research Inslitule for more 
informalion , 554-7240, (9127-1212) 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER need s healthy 
volunteers , ages 18 10 50 , for a 2 hour 
sludy about eye bl inking . $1 0 p lus parking 
will be provided . Calf Deb al 543-2314 . 
(11 / 11 -11129) 

Nude model wanled lor a phOIO session. 
Long hair, fil body. palien!. $8.00Itor for 3-5 
hrs(oncampus). Pleasecafl (619) 567-6861 . 
(11/22-1 1129) 

Ex-Goellingen exchange sludenl looking lor 
nallve German exchange slUde", as 
conversalion panner. German/English. Call 
753-9439. (11129) 

Green Parking Spot! " you are nOI using a 
green spot call 622-1125 and sell illo mel! I 
wifl buy your polenlial green spol permll olf 01 
you. (11129·1212) 

Earn cash or movie IIckels lor research 
parliclpalion ! English -speaking COllege 
men needed for PhD sludy In psychology 
Sessions lake 45 minutes Help me Ilnlsh 
graduate school ! Call Carroe . evenings , 
527-0776 . (11129- 1212) 

LOST AND FO[l\D 
Lost-Silver men 's watch wilh words 'The 
Terrilory Ahead" Inscribed on black lace. 
Loslal Bufl 's Eye Tavern. Senllmenlal Value. 
Joe 454-8703. Reward. (1 1118-11 129) 

PER~()l\AI...S 
CongralUlalions 10 Vanessa and Julie, 1993 
graduates I Love and luck, your Sisters In Chi 
Omega. (11129) 

rparis' 
~9!:.i 

Hong Kong 
Frankfurt 
London 
Mexico City 

$i90'" 
$ii5'" 
$i15'" 
$ 95'" 

Denver $ 80'" 
• All farts are t:lJCh WII'( tMS(d on a roundtnp 
purchase. Taxes not Included Some restllC' 
tlons applv Student st~llJS may be reQUired 

~ ... " .. ·Ik·",." 
Council Travel 

UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 
0,.. Maa.. TMS.. T1ItIII.. Fri, t-5 Will. 11-5 

Become a VIP Member & Etl!L=Y 
SAVE "ME ~~eN-' y~~ !I~~::s~ight 4:lfiliWjiiwitmiPlilliiii'UM. 

SAVEj NO COVER CHARGE or $ 
2 for I - 50% Off Everything ON. " 3 7 50 

SAVEj RESTAURANT 2 for 1-50% Off • • each 
Includes follow up discounts every time (Regularly S130) Ad Now & Save sSS· ~ Get Up to 

SAVES ~to~ r~~~e~yD~~~~UNTS 112 free Months"! Students Only! 
SAVE Indudes Merchant Service Directory - Must preserftlis ad fur discount -Mlst,._ ... Gf 2 far !his prite 

EVERYDAY to 100's of Other Discounts -I flMlbeonewmetllber -NotVlilwilh,..,ciscOlllll 

SAMPLE CLUB LIST: 
(h,lw, - Mono,.' - hilt ,r'(t, - flqh'nl ~'I - (Oilllrl\ \. "~I - 1:'01 0 • ,I" ~ 0 )'. , 0 p, Illd ", 0 >1, :"1' 0 / 1 DIEgo \ -
In(oll'lfll o 'J,Q", o llllrk'y, o A r;illl o P~yrlllI 0 (rlll,\ 0 1Ir,:,k o f,bli"IIIG" o :'''"IJ""RoO'l o l, il'11 0 S,IIIII' OSillI,JItHo'Jl( 
. P\\rlnn, C,Rt' . D' []'1S',rl . \A.'lwlrrl) . DI(k\11~'~t1' ' e O:, I,. i r e ( fT, i, ,; •• f 'f I! e [1 "I 1' . (,' , t !\ e (!f'J{1J1'J • 
B()('l(Cflld . St(lll,', >j e ntlflJI(dIJl·" e t!Ulllt,,, e Eq II Sf I. - fit II,', e l; fell i )) e l I . ': II' r . ( ~ J!ll~.tlldt 

Call 226-1121 

C L \ ~S IFIEDS 17 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

: TUllr !Jollie 1I11'1I.Y frUIII !Jollie 1I.!Jm ;/ (lllIIfi t/J ag/J/Jd /J1d-jnsb;ullrd men I. I 

: ALL You CAN EAT! $599 : SPAGHETTI indud'~ : 
1 0 % DtSelUNT WIT" ues. tD DINNER &",p'H"",bJ I o Oineilonl,o No/velidwithony od .... oIf'" !l'rl,cbn',d 

Are you going home for the holidays? 
\\\ DON'T PANIC!! ! 

.I Why 001 lei MAIL BOXES, ETC. "",11 )our Hoh~Jy G,fl \\ rJpp"l~ 
,IUd ShIPI'll1g ') We will \.''''CI1 pick up )our pack:lgcJ. :11 110 nddifl'olfDI r llDrgt , 
!It) you'll h;J\(' more tunc In ,pend ;1t tho\C ooIK.lJ) p.uiU!'!.' 

III MAILSC:OO:SETC 7777 Fa) .\\1'1111" "I.;" I ,a ,1"lIa. (',\ 921137 
~S~ -jlJl 

K1I7 e1 I.. .I. Sh",",'. Ih_ 
La .I"lIa , C\ 92U37 

"S~ -H ,jHH 

Dig or' small, we shill it all SM for the holidays 
Whether your s~ndll1g one . pc,·lal pa"~"gc or , I , 'clgh lll' "I gUlId,e,. 
count all !\tAli. flOX liS ETC, 10 1ll"~C ~ur~ your hoh"a) ra,~"g,,\ 

Me handl c.::d with car~ . 

• With ad receive 10% OFF UPS & Shipping supplies 
• FREE PICK UP on ~II your holiday packages 

• Offer valid Ihrough the Holidays 
It's Not ~ We Do. It's How We 00 It '" 

STUDENT CUTS 

Women 
Men 

$17 
$12 

Mondays & Wednesdays 

• Rejuvenating Shampoo • Makeup Touch-up 

AVECA Pinwheel, Salon, La Julia 4150 Regents Park Row, SUI[e 140 
-\RO.\t ~()L,>G',- :l-lE .-\R7 -\~D 5 fE\ E 

, F PLR£ FL( )\X 'ER "~D rc-\NT ES~E\Cb SS8-1834 

STOP THE PAIN NOW! 
... without drugs or surgery! 

- Headaches 
- Arthritis 

• Sports injuries 
- Auto accidents 

- Neck and back pain - Work injuries 

Initial Exam 
& Treatment 

Wllh thiS ad 

4275 Executive Square, Suite 220 452·2882 
1)1'. "lott.J . Bl'lkl"r 0 ( \IIIIII<I ( 1111" 1"1 \ 111 '1 "'1 1- 1'1 " ," " ", 

UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AOMINISTROTION 

cordially invites you to an OPEN HO USE 
w ith an inlroduction by 

Dr. JAMES BURNS 
Dean, School of Business Administration 

SaturdaYJ December 4; 1993 
Faculty/Staff Dining Room, Hahn University Centar, 10 am-11 :30 am 

Our Iscully. sludents. alumni , and admlnlslralors wanl 10 meet you and provlOe 
informallon aboul our • "uter of BUll .... Admlnlllrition - MBA 

- Venlure Management 
- Supply Management 
- PrograrTVProject Managemenl 

, ..... of InIemaIIonaI SuaI,..1 
, Admlaalons Mel Financial Aid information 

usc _ 01 bu ...... .,..,. • ~ ___ • EIIpen-' 
. E-.g __ . ___ ,~_ ., .. _...,-41_-, 

RSVP ceI1l800)2 ..... 73 <4524 Of (81')2e0-4524 



The UC 0 GlIul'dian Mtlllll u ~ , '" "nrl"'I' :! I) . I I)I);{ 

I N T E R V lEW: WAR R E N MI L L E R 

BLACK DIAMOND RUSH: 
WalTen Miller's late t film offers 
it viewers an even razier look at a 
45- ear old tradition 
By Aron Miller 
AssoclDte Sports EdItor 

t!1I~opll' r sl..i ll1g ill Blue R,WI , Blltlsll 
Columbia. Snowhoalding ill RUSSia. A 
six-per,oll chair 11ft at Boyne ,\10UIl -
tam, Mllillg'lIl . /I. cardboard dl)wnhill 
Jcrb) In Colorado', Arap<lhoe Basin. 

hOI11 4() abl)ve to 40 helow, 
WJn~n \1i1lcl" "'te,l , I..i 
1110Vle has got it aiL 
Butlor tho,c who 
<Ire laillillar ""ith the 
nY-year llid ' s 
previous h im 
l'lItkavm" the jam-
pacl..edlincup of wacl..y 
stunt, <lnd outrageolls 

maneu vcrs comes a\ no surprisc. 
~1i11l'f has heipedl. lci. otf each of Ihe pust 
~4 .,1.1 \c.lson\ \~lIh a goofy, highly entcnuining 

downhill \ ideo that fe,llures some of the 1110,t 
miml-hoggling, stomach-turning worl..s of sl. iing 
al1 ewr \1 Itncssetl. TillS wi nter will be no cxception 
when 1m latest creation, LJllle/.. Dlall/o/Ill RIISh, hits 
movie theaters and video lad.s allover the world. 

For Miller, the 111m i, merely a portion of a long list 
of l>l.iing prvdu~ t ions that huve made him the expert of 
even the 1110,t :Imbiuous of sl.i movie gurus. 

It all began innocently enough bacl. in 1949 when 
Miller was lucky enough to teach ~ki lessons to Harold 
Geneen (later the founder of )TT) and Charles Percy 
(later an 1Ilinoi~ scn:llor) in un Valley, )duho. The two 

exccu ti ve~ gave the young Mi ller a $227, 16-millimeter 
B&H mo ie camera as a tip. They had no idea that they 
intlirectly gave birth to the all -time gen ius producer of 
~k i films. The reM is histolY. 

But Miller recall~ that not everything was sO J)l!achy 
at tir~t. ") taught ski ing Ic~~ol1s on a $100 a month 
sa lalY to make my lirst movie. During the first three 
year, ) lived in Illy truck. It was ball -breukin ' hard 
\\'011.," he ~ay~. 

For Miller. a man who has cl amped boots down on 
~ki, and ridden l itt~ marc times than lhe majority of us 
combined, the sport of skiing was dIScovered more out 
of a pursui t of comfolt than anything else. 

"The first time I saw anybody skiing was when I w:!s 
tobogganing in the mountains wilh my boy s~oUlt ruop. 
1 saw these kids skiing and Ithoughtlhey were doing 
someth ing I wasn·t. Plus, they had nil those warm 
clothc\ on and I wanted 10 bc warm Ii"e they were," 
Miller rel11ember~. 

Decades later, the world ot skiing has undergone 
numerous changes, but Miller' movies have always 
remained a constant. One would think that after so 
many years of doing the same th ing, M iller might 
become bored. Not so. 

And because the vetera n continues to plug away in 
tile movie industry. not only aiding in the production of 
the movies but narrating them as well , he neVt!r f:li ls to 
leave an audience on the edge of its seats. 

"We're j ust al ways trying to give the viewer 
somethi ng that'S never been seen before. T hat's how we 
choose the sk iers and that's how we choose the si tes 
[where the movies are tilmed]," Miller loays. 

In 1989, when the company's movie partnt: rship 
agreement came up for rcnewal, Miller and Eric 
Chandler decided to sell M iller Entertainment to 
Miller's son Kurt, und Kurt 's partner, Peter Speek, once 
a national media director for the Stroh Brewing 
Company. Warren's role in the movies is limited 
nowadays, though he continues to write and n<lrrate the 
films. 

Although overlooked by the average cinema-goer as 
a big time movie producer, the multi-mi llion dollar 
comp;1ny's 1992 feature, Sleeper and Deeper, 

Photo Courtesy of Flip McCrirlck 

PIloto Courtesy of Paul Gallaher 
Warren Miller (left), aon Kurt and partner Peter Speek form 
the bralntrult of Warren Miner Entertalnment_ 

Ski Flick 
Black Diamond Rush will air four 
times this week in the San Diego 
area: 

I 
• Dec. 2, 6:00 & 9:00 p.m. at San I 
Diego State's Montezuma Hall; 
• Dec. 3. 7:00 & 9:00 p.m. and 
December 4, 4:00 . 7:00 & 9:00 
p.m. at the Museum of Contempo 
rary Art In La Jolla; 
• Dec . 5. 5:00 & 8:00 p.m. at 
Spreckles Theater in San Diego: 
• Ticke ts are $11 and all those 
attending will receive a certificate 
for a free lift ticket for Snow 
Summit in Big Bear and a certifi-
cate for $25 off any purchase over 
$100 at Sport Chalet. 

outgrossed such b l ()(.:kbll~ ter~ a, A Lel/glle or Tlleir 
0,1'11 and Ullder Siege. In Au,trali ... the tilm outdid 

Walt Di_ney's latesl lllonSler. tlluddill . 
All in ull , nearly 500.000 peopit' Iloc" Il1 

theater, to ,ee Miller'~ 1110\ ie~ every year. Abo, 
the company sell s 1110re than I 00.000 \ ' ideo~ 

per yt:ar, bringing in over $3 million in 
revenue. 

With stl l:h SUCl:ess, most 1I'0uid 
con,ider Miller an e.>.tremely fOl1unale 
man. But the humhle Miller begs to 
differ, citing a different defini ti oll of 
luck. 

" ) didn ' t get into Ithe mO\'ie-
making busi ness ilo make money . 
I j u~t wanted to do someth i ng that 
I enjoyed . Luck is when prepara-

tion mee t~ opport un ity." Miller ~ays. 
Does a man who has s" ied in the I1l n~ t remote 

corners of the globe, made tons of peopk laugh 
hystericall y and brought home mi ll ions of dollar~ ol'er a 
li fe time have any regrels? 

"1 wi h I would have studi ed bu~ine~, ill~ teadllf art. 
I' ve gotten myse l f into some tinun l: ialtrouhk~ because 
I really didn't know what I was doing for a while." 
Miller admih. 

For anyone who i~ si lt ing at home with ;lCallll:Order 
and dreams of being the next Warrell Miller. he \\'arns 
that it is not as easy as it l ook ~. 

"Be ready to stash away 10-15 ye ar~ of your life. Be 
re,ldy to tacl.le 60-80 hour work wee k~. It take, a lot of 
dedica tion ." 

As far as skiing it~elf goc,. it doe~ n'ttake 11l~81 to 
satisfy Miller. 

"As long as the _now's good ,1Ild the people are nice, 
1'111 happy. Those who are ~k i ing with their heans wi ll 
be content," M i ll er S:lys. 

In terms of the virtual ly out-or-contro l stunb th at 
hund red~ of world-c lass ~kiers execute in his l i l ll1 ~. 
Miller see~ them as opport unit ies tll do thi n g~ thaI are 
orten deemed ton ditku lt to perform. 

" I' ve been saying the ~al1le th ing el '<?r , illce Illy liN 
tri p: I f you don' t do it noll'. you' ll only be one year 
olde r when you do," Mi ller s a y~. ' 

Unfort unate ly , Mi ller predicts that in the collling 
years the sport wrl l on ly be attai nable Illr t h ll~e who call 
afford it. 

"The bigger. more t:xpensh e re~orb will ge l bigger, 
und the ~Illa ll er one~ will go by the \\'ay~idt'." he ~ay~ . 

One thing that i~ eaSily atlorLiabk . thou gh. i ~ a 
Warren M i ller ski 1110\ ie. Whether one i .. a dedic,Hed 
downh i ller or a bunny-slope r e,\ traordinaire. Miller's 
movies, featuring hb oll'n wi tty one-l inen .. , ,11'1: :tll 
immensely enjoyable way to \l'het one'~ pabte ttl!' the 
upcoming ski ~euso n . 

Referring to the six-persoll chai r lift in Mount 
Boyne: M ichigan, he quips. " I f a three-pa~se l1ger chair 
lift is a triple and a four- p~l ssenge r ~k i li ft b u quad. i, a 
six pa. senger life a sex li ft?" 

Monday. November 29, J 993 The UCS I) Guardian 

SoB 
EWSFLASHE 

ews as es IS pro uce y t e SSOCI· 
ated Students of UCSD. Student organizatIons 
may advertise in th e A.S. Newsflashes by 
filling out the form located outSIde the AS 
Secretary 's office, third floor. Price Center. 
SubmiSSions are due each Wednesday at 110011 
for the next Monday's editIOn. 

CONSTITUTIONAL 

CONVENTION 
The Associated Students' Consti-
tution is going to be re-written . 
This will impact EVERY student at 
UCSDI You can be on the drafting 
committee. No experience is 
required ; you just have to be 
concerned with the future of 
student life at UCSD. Applica-
t ions are available on the third 
floor of the Price Center or call 
534-4450 for more information . 

GET INVOLVED! 
Many positions are available on 
campus-wide Issue committees. 
Have a vote In the future direc-
tion of UCSD. Just a few of the 
Committees are: 
Chancellor' s Advi sory Committee 

on Affirmative Action 
Campus/ Community Planning 

Committee 
Transportat ion Policy Committee 
Parking and Transportation 

Issues Committee 
Student Subcommittee on 

Affirmative Action 
Transportation and Parking 

Advisory Committee 
UCSD Park Committee 
Veh icle Acc ident Review Board 
International House Plann ing 

Committee 
To learn more call 534-4450 or 
pick up an application on the third 
floor of the Price Center. 

WINTER BOOK SALE 
20-30% off regular stock t itles, 
20% off buttons , t -sh lrts, 
posters, bags , etc . , at Ground-
work Books Annual Winter Break 
Sale . November 29-December 
18. 10am-8pm M-F, 10am-6pm 
Sat . 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
The Associated Students Aca-
demic Affairs office needs on 
campus lobbyists, and research-
ers. Contact Dave Valentine at 
534-4450 for more information. 

A.S. YEARBOOK 
Seniors don't wait to the last 
minute to have your portrait 
taken. Call Visual Photography 
for an apPOintment 679-9790. 
Yearbooks can be ordered through 
January and will be ready In 
June . Portrait Info and Yearbook 
order forms are ava i lable at 
EDNA. Call us and find out how 
you can be part of the Yearbook 
for as little as $1. Interested in 
being an intem, you can earn 20-
30% commiss ion. Our phone line 
has been fixed ; you can reach us 
at 534-7491. 

SUN GOD COORDINATOR 
The Associated Students is 
searching for someone to coordi-
nate the annual Sun God Festival. 
if you aspire to lead this exciting 
event, pick up an application at 
the Associated Students offices 
on the third floor of the Price 
Center. Or call 534-4450 for 
more information . 

POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
CWD POlitical Film Series pre-
sents Indochlne on December 3 , 
All movies are In Solis Hall 107 
on Fridays at 7 :OOpm and all 
movies are freel 

GUMBALLS! 
Get your gumballs in the Price 
Center Food Courtl 

SHOPPING SHUTTLE 
Check out the new Associated 
Students Supermarket Shuttle. 
Tuesdays-M arsh a II (6 : 30 pm), 
Muir(7 :00pm), Revel le(7:4 5pm ) 
Wednesdays--War re n(6 :30 pm) , 
Fi fth(7 :OOpm ) 
Space is limited so get there 
earlyl 

AIDS SEMINAR 
Seminar: "Friendship In the Age 
of AIDS· Joel Goldman is HIV 
positive. He will talk about the 
risks he took in college mixing 
alcohol and unprotected sex. He 
will also talk about life being HIV 
pos it ive . T.J. SUll ivan will talk 
about the effects of alcohol on 
deciS ion making and ways to 
prevent AIDS. Noon-1:30pm in 
the Price Center San Francisco/ 
Santa Cruz room. Sponsored by 
Kappa Kappa Gamma, ASUCSD, 
and Active Studen ts fo r AIDS 
Preventio n (ASAP ). 
SOCIAL RUNNING CLUB 
Tired of running alone? Need 
some motivation? Run with the 
UCSD Socia l Running ClUb. Tues-
days, Thursdays: 3: 30 pm and 
Sundays at lOam. Free-for 
more Information call Joshua 
Mitn ick at 497-5020 . 

LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 
Did you put it on your calendar 
yet? The 1994 campus leader-
sh ip conference , Saturday, 
January 29th. This year' s 
theme? The ABCs of Leadership : 
Advancing Beyond Capacity. Call 
Laren of SOLO, 534-0501 or drop 
by the Price Center 3rd floor. 

CULTURAL CELEBRATION 

LOGO CONTEST '94 
Prize $10011 Applications 
available at TMC Dean's Office . 
The theme is Culture Scene. 
Deadline for entries: December 
17, 1993 at 4:30pm in TMC 
Dean's Office. 

PSYCH CLUB 
The Psychology Club needs your 
help with Homestart, a child 
abuse prevention and treatment 
program. We will be coll ecting 
canned goods and wrapp ing paper 
to be distributed during the 
holidays. There will be a table 
set up in the Price Center Tues-
day, 11/30 from 10 to 2 , and 
Wednesday, 12/ 1 from 11 to 2. 
Please help us help them. Call 
Tand ls at 454-5203 for more 
information. 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get 
involved in Student Gevernment. 
There are many opportunities 
ranging from External Affairs to 
Student Advocacy to Publicity. 
Our offices our on the th ird floor 
of the Price Center. Stop by 
anytime to discover the many 
ways to get involved or call 534-
4450 for more Information . 

ARMENIAN STUD Assoc 
The quarter's almost ovrel To 
celebrate, ASA invites you to a 
Study Break/D inner on Thursday, 
December 2 . Meet in front of 
Peterson Hall at 6pm. Want to 
know exactly where we' re gOing? 
Come Thursday and you' ll find 
out I 

LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS 
The new undergraduate theatre club 
presents it s first production to the 
UCSD community for FREE! Come see 
what all the commotion is about! 
December 3 and 4 at 8pm and 
December 5 at 2pm and 7pm in the 
Price Center Theatre. 

KWANZAA 
Live mu sic by Craig Dawson , 
Food , Kwanzaa Ceremony. Fun. 
Etc. Friday, December 3, 1993, 
6 :30pm, In terna t ional Center . 

COLLEGE REPUBLICAN 
Take a break from studying and enjoy 
free coffee and doughnuts. We will be 
showing two movies. Bob Roberts end 
Army of Darkness. All students arc 
welcome and encouraged to join us . 
Wednesday, December 1,6:15-
9:00pm. Gallery B (adjacent to Price 
Center 24 hr. study lounge) Brought 
to you by the College Republicans at 
UCSD. Call Wal ter at 546-0824 for 
more information. 

\/olunteer 
Connection 

The final list -of elementary 
school tutors for Winter quar-
ter being formed. If anyone is 
interested, please let us know 
as soon as possible. Late 
appl ications will be accepted 
during 10th week. Drop appli-
cations off on the second 
floor of the Price Center. Call 
Mike or Karin at 534-1414 for 
more information, 

Friday, December 3 
5:45pm 

Price Center Plaza 

featuring: 

Blood of Abraham 
Mikah-9 
Casual 

Special Finals Schedule 
EXTENDED 

Study Hours 
South Study Room 9nly 
Undergraduate Library 

Dec. 3-10 
Midnight-3am 

Co-sponsored by Undergraduate Library, CSO Program and ASUCSD 

19 

-

... 



BRIAN K. 

HUTT~ 
There Will Be 
NFL Spirit in 
St. Louis 

The ational Football 
League owner~ will announce 
their election of which city 
will join Charlotte, orth 
Carolina, in the gridiron battle 
for a new FL franchi~e on 
Tuesday. The final four 

contender~ for entrance into the 
professional football eli te 
include Memphis, TN, 
Jacksonville, FL, Baltimore, 
MD and St. Louis, MO. Who's 
go ing to get it? Ask Bob. 

During my brief hiatus in 
the heart of America this 
weekend, I had the fortunate 
opportunity to meet Bob Gau 
- SI. Loui~ resident and 
diehard football fan. Bob 
sagely informed me that St. 
Louis, without a doubt, will 
emerge the victor in these FL 
Iranchise wars and hi s beloved 
oon-to-be Stallion ' will be 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novl'mIJt'1' 29. 1993 

running wild come 1995. 
According to Bob, the NFL 
deserves St. Louis. 

Senior co-captain Ricky Romero ended his four-year career at UCSD with elghth-place finish at the NCAA National Championships. 

Scuttlebutt around the NFL 
tends to support Bob' s theory. 
Memphis' chances appear to be 
as dead as the King. I uppose 
the owners don ' t feel Tennes-
see will volunteer enough cash 
to scale the rocky top of Elvis' 
Graceland. Beller dead than in 
the red. 

Tritons Left Defenseless at N CAAs 
NCAA CHAMPIONSHIPS: UCSD lips to eighth after losing to USC, Massachusetts and U.S. Naval Academy 

Florida already houses two 
NFL teams. The successful 
Miami Dolphins rarely draw 
capacity crowds, and what's 
the use of compounding Tampa 
Bay's misery by adding 
another NFL team a mere 194 
miles away who, at least at the 
onset, will be about as success-
ful as an SDSU bowl bid. 

Jacksonville harbors only 
900,000 residents and is the 
54th largest TV market. With 

BC threatening to drop NFL 
ga me coverage and with the 
likes of college football 
powerhouses Florida State and 
Universi ty of Florida both in 
close proximity, it appears the 
market for Florida football 
dollars may be saturated. It 
doesn't take a mental giant to 
figure out that Jacksonville will 
be stonewalled. 

Baltimore carries sentimen-
tal support from NFL tradition-
alists, but what idiot would 
place a team 35 mile from the 
Washington Redskins? 

The Redskins' RFK Stadium 
See STAWONS, Page 15 

By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

It wasn't pretty by any stretch of 
the imagination. Last weekend, 
USC, Massachusetts, Amherst and 
the U.S. Naval Acadl!my each made 
mincemeat of the delenseless UCSD 
men's water polo team at the NCAA 
National Championships at the 
Belmont Plaza Olympic Pool in 
Long Beach. 

"It was a bad weekend," Triton 
Head Coach Denny Harper said. 
"We did not play well at all. It was 
the worst defensive effort that [have 
ever been a part of in all my years of 
coaching. We cou ldn 't stop any-
thing." 

UCSD (19-11 on the season), 
ranked ninth in the nation entering 
the tournament and qualifying as 
the sixth ~eed in the N AAs for the 
third year in a row, was trounced by 
the third-ranked Trojans of USC, 
16-9, in Friday's fir~t-round action. 
USC fell to top-ranked Stanford in 
the NCAA Champion hip game 
yesterday. 

The Tritons hung tough in the 
first quarter against the mighty men 
of Troy, limiting USC's often deci-
mating counterattack and riding the 
deadshot guns of UCSD' juniors 
Mike Nalu and George Hegarty. The 
Trojans led 5-3 after an exciting 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

Men'. Basketball: 
Thu.-Sat., Dec. 2-4, University of Redlands Tournament 

•• 'mm'n-= 
Thu.-Sat., Dec. 2-4, Speedo Cup at Long Beach 

first seven minutes. 
Then the Tritons' world col-

lapsed. USC as erted its sprint-and-
shoot counteroffen e and the over-
whelmed San Diego sq~ad re-

sponded like fish out of water-all 
struggle, no result. The score after 
the ~econd period: Trojans II , 
UCSD 5, and then it got ugly . 

"They countered us to death: ' 
Harper said. 'They were too fast 
and we had far too many turnovers. 
But r wasn't upset by our perfor-
mance. They were a top team." 

The Tritons' firs t-round down-
fall rested quarely on the shoulders 
of the porous defense. UCSD sur-
rendered an amazing nine counter-
attack goals and coughed up 14 turn-
overs in the loss. After the Trojans' 

second quarter goal onslaught, 
UCSD played more for respect than 
for a spot in the quarterfinals. 

"They ran a press defense the 
whole game," UCSD Assistant 
Coach Randy Franke said. "They 
were just a much better team." 

Hegarty finished with four goals, 
one a two-pointer, and Nalu netted 
three goals, including a two-point 
hot. 

The loss pitted the Tritons against 
II th-ranked Massachusetts, which 
lost to second-ranked California on 
Friday, in a matchup on Saturday 
afternoon. 

"It wa just like the Air Force 
game [a n unnecessari ly close 
WWPA Championship game]." 
Harper said in disgust. ''I'm not 
blaming the goalie scenario entirely , 
but our defense was just horrible. It 
was dnmn near like plnying without 
goalies:' 

UCSD fre shman Denni :-. 
Knntanen took over the cage duties 
for Andy Bruce, who was suspended 
from team play because of viola-
tions of team rules at WWPA, and 
the youngster was quickly schooled 
in the fine art of NCAA National 
Championship play. 

"[KantanenJ is only a freshman 
and that was a lot of pre 'sure to put 
on him. The ca liber of play is a 

notch up from the regular season 
and he had a hard time adju~ting. 
He'll come along with time, he 's a 
good kid," Harper said. 

The score was tied 2-2 after one 
quarter of play, but the men from 
Amherst jumped to an 8-7 lead dur-
ing the second quarter and extended 
that advantage by one to make it 11 -
9 going into the final quarter of play. 

Defensive miscues allowed Mas-
sachu elts to climb to a 15-11 lead 
with about a minute-und-a-half to 
play. UCSD threatened a comeback 
thriller when Luke Downer picked 
up a stray pass and ri fled a two-point 
shot past the UMass Amherst goal-
keeper to narrow the gap to 15-13. 

The Tritons turned to a pre s 
See POLO, Page 13 

Searching for 
FREE FOOD? 
Well look no longer. The 

B1's Sports Quiz is Back ev-
ery Thursday, and up to 15 
winner. can enjoy a free fea t 
at B1' s Pizzeria. Show off 
your sports tri via knowledge 
and win free food and drinks 
to boot. ee page 13 for de-
tails ,md thi~ weeks quiz. 

GUARDIAN ATHLETE-OF-THE-WEEK 

Senior Erik Johnson led UCSD to its tirst (wO victories of the 
season thi weekend at the Triton Tip·Off Cia sic. 

The shooting guard collected 12 point in the Tritons ' 63-61 
wi n against Christian Heritage and scored 23 point ·, including 
five three-pointers, versu La Verne. For hi effolls. he was 
named Tournament MVP . 

Despite hi individual performance, Johnson credited his 
teammate with the victories. 

"We have so many people who can play. Anybody can kill you 
on any night," John on aid. 

COLOR 


