
ELSEWHERE 

C.mpu.R ..... I. 
Fraternity Ban 
RIVERSIDE - Officials at 
UC Riverside have repealed 
Phi Kappa Sigma's three-year 
suspension from campus as 
part of an out-of-court 
settlement between UCR and 
the fraternity. The actions 
follow a recommendation 
from 'UC General Counsel. 
"'There were some First 
Amendment problems with 
the university's decision [to 
suspend the fraternity]," said 
General Counsel Eric K. 
Behrens. Phi Kappa Sigma 
was banned from campus by 
the university in October for a 
rush t-shirt that many Chicano 
groups considered racist. On 
Oct. 20, the fraternity filed 
suit against UCR, claiming 
that the university had violated 
the fraternity's constitutional 
rights. 

Students Crltlclz. 
Police Actions 
SANTA BARBARA - Many 
UC Santa Barbara students 
say they were arrested for 
public drunkenness but claim 
they were not drunk during 
the police crackdown on Isla 
Vista's annual Halloween 
festival. Nevertheless, police 
officials say few formal 
complaints have been filed. 

SDIU President 
Sp .... to CouncIl 
SAN DIEGO - San Diego 
State University President 
lbomas Day spoke to the 
SDSU Associated Students 
Council at an A.S. meeting 
held earlier this month. 
Members asked Day to attend 
the meeting to answer 
questions about campus-wide 
and California State Univer-
sity system-wide issues. Day 
was grilled on issues ranging 
from the proposed pay raise 
for CSU presidents to Day's 
privileges at the campus 
Student Health Center. Day 
also addressed the status of 
campus ROTC organizations. 

INSIDE 

RACISM 
OPINION: The debate 
over Momentum heats 
up 4 

SPORTS: Women's 
volleyball advances to 
the Final Four 20 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ............................ 2 
CALVIN tlHOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. .. IJGHTS I SIRENS .................... 10 
<lASSIFIEIlS ........................... 16 

, H E u 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1993 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

DOGPILE! 
Q08IIe Michael Madden jumpe on 8 pile of his teanwnates after the Tritons defeated 
ROMOke eone,. of VIrJIna 2-1 In eudcIen death overtime to advance to the Rnal Four. 

Union Protests U'se of Grants 
By JonnII P8Imer 
Associate News Editor 

1be University Professional and Technical 
Employees (UPTE), a union formed for re-
search employees and staff, has begun a letter-
writing campaign to protest the use of surplus 
federal research grant funds which they claim 
are going to pay for capital improvements. 

UPTE became concerned when employ-
ees whose salaries are funded by grants learned 
that they would have to take a pay cut along 
with staff members whose salaries are paid 
out of the California state budget. In July, a 
meeting was held between representatives of 
UPTE and UCSD Labor Relations to find out 
how the money saved by the salary cuts would 
be spent. 

According to UCSD's UPTE organizer 
Daniel Martin, who requested ~he meeting. 
"We wanted an explanation as to what would 
happen with the surplus." 

Martin said UPTE discovered that the 
money would be used neither to help re-
duce the university'S budget deficit nor for 
staff funding, since that would violate the 
Office of the President's policy. Instead, 
UPTE was told by the Labor Relations 
representatives that the savings from the 
pay cuts would probably be used to pur-
chase new equipment. 

Assistant Director of the Office of Con-
tracts and Grant Administration Linda Dale 
said that UC policy required salaries to be 
slashed across the board, regardless of whether 
the salaries were funded by the state budget or 
by research grants. "All the employees have 
to be tteated the same. You cannot charge the 
government more than you charge somebody 
else," Dale said. "As a matter of practice, the 
money is re-shuffled as needed. "You have to 
go by agency rebudgeting," she added. 

Dale acknowledged that not allocating the 
money toward deficit reduction or employee 
salaries may be seen as a detriment to university 
employees, but added, "there isn't any legal way 
you can do that" 

Manin said that UPTE lawyers had found 
no legal basis for applying funds originally 
:lll ncated for staff salaries to capital improve-
r l(,Il\S . such as equipment purchases. 

\ ' ;I ~ti n also pointed out that for the first 
lime III University of California history, em-
ployees were feeing a benefit decrease. Mar-
tin said that the loss of benefits and the recent 
3.5 percent pay cut could cause employees to 
seek employment outside die university. 

"Our sense from this campus is ... they can't 
afford to lose people. [But], it's actually more 
attractive to go to the outside [now]. You had 

See UNION, Page 3 

c s D 

VOLUME 80. I,· .'LIE 16 

County Cuts 
Funding T~ 
Med Center 
BUDGET: UCSD ho pital ab orb 
the costs of providing medical 
care to illegal immigrant 
By Francisco DeVries 
Senior Staff Writer 

In a move that will cO!o.tthe CSD Medical 
Center over $5 million next year. the an 
Diego Board of Supervi~or~ vOled la,1 Tues-
day to stop paying the emergency medical 
COSIS for illegal immigrallls tre:lled al the uni-
versi ty hospital. 

County officials esti mate I hat nearl y hal f of 
the $10.8 million to be reimbursed to the uni-
versity this year was for illegal residents of San 
Diego County. The Board of Supervisor. voted 
to continue to pay for the medical costs of 
indigent people who are legal residents, as pan 
of a 10-year contract between the county and 
the University of California. 

The Medical Center ha announced that it 
will continue to treat illegal residents and absorb 
the costs itself. UCSD Medical Center Director 
of Government, Contracts and Physician Rela-
tions Jan Spencley said in .1 statement released 
last week that the "UCSD Medical Center, just 
as every hospital with an emergency room, has 
both a legal and a moral obligation to treat 
anyone requiling emergency treatment." 

According to universi ty ources, the Medi-
cal Center has lost $50 million in the past year 
from patient who have not paid their bills. To 
offset the losses, the Medical Center has initi-
ated a$70 million cost-cutting program. which 
includes streamlining through early retirement 
and other cutbacks. 

With the cut incounty funding to the Medical 
Center, which includes both the university hos-
pital at Hillcrest and the new Thornton Hospital 
at UCSD, the universi ty is still expecting a 
deficit of over $3 million at the end of the next 
fiscal year in June. 

Spencley said that the $5 million cu t by the 
county will require the Medical Center to re-
duce costs in other areas of the hospital's 
system of care and will "hinder our ability to 
fund replacement equipment and 10 invest in 
new services and technology." 

She added that while the government may 
choose to cut the funding for the treatment of 
non-residents, "it i. inappropriate toexpect the 
Univer ity of California to fund them ." 

County Supervisor Pam Slater agreed that 
the university should not be asked to foot the 

See HEALTH, Page 3 

Momentum Editors File Grievance With Judicial Affairs 
By PhIlIp MIe ...... 

. ,.. Editor 
1be editors of Momentum, the 

Associated Students-funded pub-
lication for Asian Americans and 
Pacific Islanders, have filed a 
grievance with the Judicial Af-
fain Office against the students 
who removed 2,000 copies of the 
newspaper's latest issue. 

Director of Special Services 
, NicholuAguilardeclinedtocom-

ment on the Momentum case, say-
ing that he was unable to talk about 

specific cases that may be under 
review. However, Aauilar did in-
dicate that his qffice would be 
responsible for investigating the 
charges. 

"Judicial Affairs [will] review 
and process any complaints filed 
by students against other students 
or student organizations," Aguilar 
said. 

On Nov. 3, halfof Momentum's 
circulation of 4,000 copies had 
been stolen within an hour of dis-
tribution at sites across campus, 

according to Momentum Editor in 
Chief Joanne Tashiro. Several of 
Momentum's editors reported that 
they had seen individuals remov-
ing entire stacks of the newspaper. 

According to Tashiro, students 
also defaced a sign that Momen-
tum members hung up in the old 
Student Center. 

Aguilar would not comment on 
whether removing the issues con-
stituted a theft, adding that he did 
not have the opportunity to review 
the specifics of the case. Last week, 

A.S. Media Advisor Randy 
Woodard said that the perpetrators 
had committed a theft when they 
removed the MomentulII i sues. 

The controver. y stems from an 
article in MomentulII entitled "A 
Little 'Mail ,''' which took a ste-
reotypical look at Asian-Ameri-
can males. The students who re-
moved Ihe stack . aid that the ar-
ticle was raci I and sexi. t and that 
it reinforced stereot ypes. 
MomentulII 's editors defended the 
piece a. a satire. 

SPORTS ............................... .... ~20~-=================::==================== 
COLOR USED 



2 NEWS 

College Club Hooks 
Up UCSD Students 
SERVICE: Campus telephone infonnation system 
set up this month by UCSD students and alumni 
By Elaine Camuso 
Associate News Editor 

like this we'd need to create the 
software from scratch." 

At the touch of a bUllon, UCSD 
students can gain access to a number 
of services and infonnation through 
a new telephone infonnation sys-
tem which began operating Nov. 2. 

After four years offormulating 
software and getting fil]ancial sup-
port, the College Club crew ap-
proached the A.S. 

Director of Development Wally 
Lockwood said that he had already 
looked into other types of infonna-

Co-sponsored by the Associ-
ated Students and a group ofUCSD 
students and 
alumni, College 
Club is intended to 
give students a new 
way to access in-
formation pertinent 
to campus life. 

Information on 
events and depart-
ments, as well as a 
voice mail service, 
will be available 
through the Col-
lege Club tele-
phone lines. 

"We are unaware 
of anything 
like this 
or sllIIllar to " 
anywhere, 
not only In the 
college I118rket 
but In any 
Industry. " 

tion systems, but the 
complexity of the 
College Club sys-
tem impressed him. 

" The A.S. 
Council had al-
ready been looking 
toward an infonna-
tion-type system 
which, compared 
to this, was 
minute," 
Lockwood said. 

The A.S. Coun-
cil, in a straw poll 
vote last month, 
unanimously 
agreed to sponsor 
College Club. 
Sincethen,accord-
ing to Lockwood, 
the council has 
supported it 
"wholeheartedly. " 

College Club's 
founders called 
upon their back-
grounds in eco-
nomics, computer 
science and psy-
chology to set up 
the system, which 
is the first of its 
kind, according to 
co-founder and 
current Muir Col-
Jege senior Michael 
Cposti. 

-Michael Cpostl 

The College 
Club's voice mail 
boxes have been on 

College Club Co-Founder line for almost two 

" We are unaware of anything 
like this or similar to it anywhere, 
not only in thecolJege market but in 
any industry," Cposti said. 

According to Cposti, the idea 
for College Club stemmed from 
an overall lack of communication 
between students and the services 
and businesses on and around cam-
pus. After doing some market re-
search, College Club's founders 
disccvered that college students 
are an appealing group to busi-
nesses because they control 51 
percent of the discretionary spend-
ing - the money spent after the 
essentiaJs offood, rent and tuition 
- in the United States. 

"We felt that if all the busi-
nesses around campus want these 
customers so badly, maybe we can 
find a way to help the communica-
tion process," Cposti said. 

"The reason why someone 
hasn't done this before ... is that it 
would be extremely expensive to 
get something like this [to work], 
and then, college students change," 
Cposti added. "You'd have to scrap 
a system like this every few years, 
and it would be a big problem. It 
would be very costly and it 
wouldn't make sense. So we de-
cided that in order to do something 

weeks now, and the 
student response has been very posi-
tive, according to Cposti. The per-
sonal college voice boxes will give 
students access to information con-
cerning campus-related events, in-
cluding departmental information, 
c1assifieds and textbook exchange. 
Extra information lines concerning 
news, sports and weather are also 
included in the College Club service. 

These services are being acti-
vated one at a time, since the sys-
tem is still in its first days of opera-
tion. For example, textbook ex-
change services will not be avail-
able until Winter Quarter. 

To get hooked up to the system, 
students pay a $2.94 voice box fee, 
which has been waived until Win-
ter Quarter in order to introduce 
students to the system. At the sug-
gestion of Director of UCSD Fi-
nancial Services Thomas Rudder, 
financial aid is available to stu-
dents who cannot afford this fee. 

College Club is supported by 
the services and businesses which 
buy time on its information lines, 
in addition to the voice box fee. In 
the future, the founders hope to 
eliminate this fee and become en-
tirely supported by the businesses, 
so all students can have access to 
the system. 

The UCSD Guardian Mondav. NowmlJl't' 15. 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN IE HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY ••• 

1'''' SU'\'OSil) -ro WitHE 
"1W'n MT~ 
9)i\l S\ O£S or M<I lmE. 
Mol) nEM 1IErut~ Q£ 

or*~. 
I 

-' 
1'10\ )'L~1S 
R\Q.IT MtO 

E~Ri\loO'( 
ELSE I'" 

~f 
T() t>.RISIll 

UCSD Hosts Two Russian Artists 
UCSD's Center for Research in Computing and the 

Arts (CRCA) was selected to host two Russian artists, 
according to CRCA Director Harold Cohen. The month· 
long residencies, which began on Wednesday of last 
week. were made possible through the ArtsLink Pro-
gram of the Citizen's Exchange Council of New York 
City. 

The residency participants. video artist Gia Rivava 
of Moscow and architect Boris Tarasov of Nizhny 
Novgorod, were chosen from a field of more than 200 
applicants from 17 countries in Central and Eastern 
Europe. 

• Arrangements have been made for Rivava and 
Tarasov to meet with professionals in their fields here 
in San Diego and to gain exposure in the use of new 
technologies,· Cohen said. 

While in residence, Rivava will present his work 
and the works of other contemporary Russian video 
artists at 8 p.m. on Thursday, DeC. 2 at the Cafe 
Cinema, located at 1602 Front Street in downtown 
San Diego. 

As part of his residency, Tarasov will attend the 
UCSD School of Architecture's design workshops 
through November, and presentations at CRCA and 
the New School of Architecture in San Diego. Tarasov 
also has been invited to intern at the architectural firm 
of Tucker Sadler to witness applications of computer· 
aided design in all phases of architectural planning 
and implementation. 

CRCA will arrange personal Interviews for the art-
ists with area arts and cultural organizations to estab-
lish a base network for Mure collaborations between 
Russia and the United States. 

The ArtsLlnk program was formed In 1992 as a 
partnership of public and private entities of the 
Citizen Exchange Council, the National Endowment 
for the Arts, the Open Society Fund-Soros Centers for 
Contemporary Art and the Trust for Mutual Under-
standing. 

ArtsLink Residencies enables federal nonprofit 
arts organizations to host artists and art managers 
from Central and Eastern European countries, includ-
ing Russia and the Baltics. 

Regents Hold Open Hearings on 
Fees and Financial Aid This Week 

The University of California Board of Regents Com-
mittee on Educational Policy will hold two hours of 
public hearings on the issue of student fee and 
financial aid policy at 9 a.m. on Thursday, Nov. 18 and 
at 9:30 a.m. on Friday, Nov. 19. 

The hearings are a part of the regents' monthly 
business meeting to be held this Thursday and Friday 
at the UC San Francisco Laurel Heights facility. 

The regents are in the process of developing a long· 
term policy on fees and financial aid with the goal of 
making UC accessible and affordable to all eligible 
students. The public hearings are an opportunity for 
public comment on the pfocess. 

The Committee on Educational Policy has devoted 
one hour each day for speakers. 

Those wishing to speak can sign up in advance by 
calling the Secretary of the Regents at (510) 987· 
9220. Speakers can also sign up the day of the 
hearings. 

Helltll Center Off .. Cholesterol 
Scr ... lng to UCSD Students 

Student Health Services will offer cholesterof screen-
ing for UCSD students this week. The tests, which will 
cost $5, will be run at the Student Health Center on 
campus. 

Testing will be available between 1 and 2 p.m. on 
Monday and Wednesday. and from 2 to 4 p.m. on 
Thursday. 

For more information call 534-3300 . 

MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER,"'Deslgn Editor 
ELAINE CAMUSO, Auociste News Editor 

DAVID ClIO, Photo Editor 

DUleNIRI: WIlson cneu".. Brenn. Letham. Brt.n Lee. Marcus LOIlbla 
I'ttOTouA"'IItI: Romeo Cerambes, Timothy Chen. Jason Curren. Dan 
McDowell. Jason Ritchie. Danny Rusplni. Amy Zlot 

BRIAN K. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

ARON MILLER, Associate Sporrs Editor 
JEFF NIEIEL, HIBlus Editor 

JONNA PALMER, AssoclBle News Editor 

CO" READIRS:Sarah FernalO. Aron Miller. Sara RUdOlph . Jenny Wrenn 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
IDITORIAL ASSISTANT: Karen Cnen& 
AOYIRTIIIN8 ASSISTANT: Tara Eot! 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANT: HUih Perkin. Crall! Stokle 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV. AssocIBlfl Photo Editor 
lOB DeANORE". Business Manager 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

BEN BOYCHUK. ClaSSified Representative 

ERIC ICH.DT, Editor In ChiIJf 
JASON RITCHIE, Production MlJfIlfCer 

SHANNON 1lmIOE, Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 

IDlIOR STAPF WRITIRI: I\8ren Chene. FrancllCO DeVries. Ben Freund. 
Jenny 0....,., Geye Johnson, Den Kr-.. I\8n Perlman. DIYId Snow. Cere 
Udell, Greta Wrelln 
STAPF WIIitDII: Erin An<I8rIOn. &Mnnon Brady. DeIIra Bronstein. JoM 
GodfIey. Mellau Jacobs. Erik Johnson. MuraU MooIthy. Jeff Prluiht. Ely 
RIIbenI. Ritu Saxena. Stephanie Simon. Alelllllder Thiesen 
ILWlTllATOIII: MIctIe Croll. tQthen Ell'" . Ropr Kuo. DominIC LobIIle. AI 
SponC. Jlson Thon1IIOn 

Editorial: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
AcIu.'_ion: 5econa Floor. UCSO Slu<IenI Center Bullaln, ·A· 

Monday, November 15,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

CALPIRG Sponsors Beach Clean-up 
EVENT: Fifteen bags of garbage 
collected at La Jolla Shores 
By EUzabetb Mackenzie 
Guan1lan Reporter 

The cold weather on Saturday morning did not 
deter 45 UCSD sludents from gathering at La Jolla 
Shores for a beach clean-up sponsored by the campus 
chapter of California Public Interest Research Group 
(CALPIRG). 

The event coincided with the highest and lowest 
tides of the year. The tides, combined with Friday's 
rains, caused ample debris to wash up on shore. This 
meant conditions were perfect for a "major beach 
clean-up day," according to an enthusi~tic Abigail 
Storke, a Muir College junior and an organizer with 
CALPIRG. 

0( 1 

Bulldozers cleared away excess sand and sea-
weed that had washed up to the beach's seawall, 
while the UCSD students, armed with trash bags 
and tally sheets, scouted the beach for trash. "It's a 
mess," said Revelle College senior Luciano Sanchez 
as the clean-up began. Fifteen bags were collected 
during the three-hour clean-up. 

Students used the tally sheets, which were pro-
vided by the Center for Marine C;onservation (CMC), 
to record the types of trash they collected. That data 
will be used by the CMC to determine the sources of 
the garbage. During the clean-up, students found 
litter ranging from plastic bottle caps to cigarette 

Amy Zlot/Gusrdian 
UCSD students cleaned up La Joli. Shores as 
part of CALPIRG's beach clean-up on Saturday, 

butts and shoes. 
Warren College sophomore Russell Gulman said 

that clean beaches and water is just one of the many 

issues with which CALPIRG is concerned . 
CALPIRG, a statewide student-run organization, 
focuses on environmental issues that affect consum-
ers, including recycling, endangered species and 
ancient forests . According to Storke, the UCSD 
chapter has 20 core members and 300 other students 
who are involved in CALPIRG activities. 

HEALTH: 
County will not pay 
non-resident's bills 
Continued from .,... 1 
medical bill for illegal immigrants, 
and added, "I think this is a federal 
problem." She said that the federal 
government determines border 
policy and should be willing to 
accept the consequences of that 
p<;Ilicy, which in this case includes 
the payment of legally required 
medicaJ care. 

According to Slater, in slightly 
over a decade the county has paid 
out $57 million to cover the costs of 
indigent care at UCSD, $42 million 
of which went to undocumented 
workers. "We cannot be asked to 

subsidize the heaJth care for other 
countries," she said. 

Slater added that the issue of ser-
vices for illegal immigrants has riled 
taxpayers for some time, but that it 
"is being much more closely looked 
at because of the [budget] crisis." 

County Health Services, which 
does not run its own county hospi-
tal, has contracted with the univer-
sity to provide care for indigent 
patients since 1966 when thefonner 
San Diego County General Hospi-
tal was leased to the university. 
UCSD purchased the hospital out-
right in 1981. 

The county has announced that it 
will use the savings in other areas of 
health care services for uninsured 
county residents who are not cov-
ered by Medi-CaJ. 

UNION: UPTE 
stages letter-writing 
campaign 
Continued from page 1 
good benefits, salary ... iI's all erod-
ing," Martin said. 

With as much as 80 percent 
ofUCSD revenues coming from 
grants, many UCSD employees 
have been affected by the sal-
ary reduction. As a result, the 
UPTE letter-writing campaign 
has gained significant support 
from both union and non-union 
members. " We've already sent 
over 100 [letters]. UC needs to 
be held accountable and it's 
very resistant to that, " Marti n 
said. 

Now ENROLLlNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* M,D,'S TRAINING M,D,'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT preparalion & medical school applicUlion/ 

admissions assistance arc all we do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD·trained 
academic M.D.'s. lOp M.D.·Ph.D. candidates, & English Department 
facuhy . 

• THE ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 

• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 
testing. problem solving. reading/writing workshops. review groups. 
med school application & admissions ~trategics. & lutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original wkc·homc review nOlCS. reading & writing 
studyguidcs. MCAT & admissions StrJtcgy handouts, problcm sets, & 
MCAT·quality limed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TfSTING ror in-class & lakc·home practice. 

• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUTORING, pre·med library & med school app lication help included. 

• LOWER TUITION than other courses. 

APPLY NOW! 456-5656 
v I he most h Oil f ,' · 
V Ihe hes/ ills/rllc/or., 
V the hes/ lIla/eria/.,· 
V the hest results 
V the lowe.,'t cos/ 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

It's _sy, just came in Ino appointment) 
and take the next; available stylist 

-4 $11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
qualily haircut. 
Blow dry and slyling $4 extra . 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Siandby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service . It'S 
best to come on weekdays 

Open 6 Days : M-F-S 9-6pm ; T:W -T 9-8pm 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAilS 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Say-On) 
IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 

3 



4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY 

THE SOLUTION TO THE 
THEFf OF MOMENTUM'S 
ISSUES IS SIMPLE - THE 
PERPETRATORS SHOULD 

BE LED OFF IN SHACKLES 
By BEN BOYClmK 
Senior luff Wriler 

The scenario is beginning to sound like 
an overplayed record. A university newspa- . 
per publishes a controversial article. a small 
but vocal minority is offended. and sud-
denly. as ifby magic. the offending publica-
tion disappears from campus. 

But it 's not a magic trick. It's theft. 
More and more. such thefts are occur-

ring on college campuses across the coun-
try from Pennsylvania to Wisconsin to 
Florida, all the way to San Diego. Every-
where. the self-appointed arbiters of the 
public good are ensuring. by hook or by 
crook, that their campus publications are 
"fit for di tribution" - free of racism, sex-
ism and other affronts to the prevailing 
onhodoxy. In many cases, such thefts have 
gone uncondemned and unpunished by timo-
rous administrators who often mumble 
something about "conflicting values" and 
amble on to other mundane tasks. 

It was only a matleroftime before some 
perpetually oppressed group decided to 
make UCSD safe for diversity by plunder-
ing the newspaper racks. Thus. it came as 
little surprise when I learned that a small 
group of outraged Asian-American men 
seized more than 2.000 copies of the latest 
i sue of Momentum and unceremoniously 
deposited them in the trash. 

be -
lief in a 

·1 I,. I CSD Guardian 

PINION 
You Bay. • • 
.-"a"Lf'" ., .. "" ..... ~~ 
~..;,;;);>~ ~ '\4£ 'J'.~~~~.:» 

"ff~.'/ItI! v"!-1~utn:f* ~.'oeJ fI 
~,. fiJ'U 1 ' , .. 7 v.>L4J1r UP.' J 11" ..... -;)V 
0IlJ ) ;> .".>' ' "Lit! Jr ,.u,~~ til 

. .,~.'I"!. , ': I' ". "-f ..,.,,~ ,~ r • .... ~ 
-, ~u ,.),,""1 • I>h~.'(l TofPS 

s • .# ... eo., P.s~~' J;) '¥1U. 
~Jr F~ ';;"SJ";.tAt-:...nvr.w 

.Aab'5~~ ~ ~tt! 

Graphics I7t Micha Cr~ and 
JasonTh~rV 

Gu¥rJian 

would 
be jus-
t i fi ed 

in, ay. 
bonking the 

fellow who 

ter over the head 
for maki ng such an 
asini ne assertion. 
What we have here 
is a case of a minor-
ity deciding what is 
best for the majority 
and breaking the law 

to do it. 

The apparent focus oftheir wrath was an 
article entitled "A Little ·Mail ... • a rather 
inept satire ostensibly intended to poke fun 
at the stereotypical Asian male's lack of 
physical and sexual prowess. But for these 
gents. the commentary evidently hit a little 
too close to home. 

free and open 
exchange of ideas. 
even bad ones. The be-

• "If the paper is free. 
how can you steal it? How can 

you call it theft?" 
havior of Lee and his panners 

NO[ content to sit by and allow their 
manhood to be slighted. they took it upon 
themselves to rid the cam-

in crime put the sanctity of ihat belief in 
grave peril. 

pus of the insulting mate-
fial. They did so in broad 
daylight. in thepresenceof 
wi tnesses no less. A couple 
of them even wore the let-
ters of Lambda Phi Epsi-
lon. an Asian-American 
fraternity on campus. Theft, no 

The brdzen manner in 
which the culprits behaved matter what the 
makes the act itself all the reason, cannot 
more appalling. Having .0 unpunished. 
branded the issue racist and For my ..... I 
guilty of promoting stereo- belleye the 
types, the responsible par- perpetrators at 
ties refuse to acknowledge tIMt yery least 
any wrongdoing. One of de •• rve 8 emack 
the admitted perpetrators, 
Mr. David Lee. has re- on the hand. -
mained steadfast in his de- with 8 
fense of the theft. "If ................... 
they're going to put [out) a 

After the Guardian reported 
the story last week and made a 
rather wobbly defense of free 
speech on the editorial page. 
there was a small ripple of re-
sponse from the student body. 
In particular. one leiter I. the 
editor caught my atten ti (lI l .\n 
anonymous Asian-AI11<: i'l L.ln 
male dropped off a barely-kg-
ible. hand-scrawled note weigh-
ing in on last Thursday' s edito-
rial and the theft controver~y in 
general. 

The Guardia" ha a r,,jicy 
against printing unsigned !c' t-
ters. but I couldn't let thi . " '1<' 
go. 

lt began: "About your article 
entitled 'Swiping Papers Was a 
First Amendment Blunder,' I. 
personally. am not a member of 
Lambda Phi Epsilon. but ... 

stack of free papers." Lee said. "we' re go-
ing to do with them what we want." 

• ''The fraternity was completely justi-
fied in swiping the papers." 

Lee is a co-edioor of Han Min Jok. an-
other Asian publication on campus. so you 
would think he would have known better, 
Freedom of the press rests soundly on the 

The fraternity didn'l swipe the papers-
or so the brethren say - but a few of its 
members did. Those who seized the issues 
were no more justified in doing so than I 

Very easily. The paper costs money to 
produce. If there are advertisements. then 
the merchants ororganizations which bought 
space in the paper lose potential business. 
The paper. in tum. loses possible advertis-
ing revenue. Also, because Momentlllll -
like all so-called alternative media ·-is 
funded by the Associated Students. the pa-
pers might be technically considered uni-
versity property. 

No reasonable person would argue that 
five men needed to take more than 2.000 
copies of a publication for their own per-
sonal use. It is clear that the thieves had no 
purpose other than to steal and subsequently 
destroy the offending literature. These men 
should be led off in shackles. 

• "Why [is the Guardian] sticking up for 
a rival publication?" 

This is a stupid question. Rival means 
competing. Momentum is no mon;a rival of 
the Guardian than the New York Times is. 
The issue here ·is freedom of the press, pure 
and simple. A publication should be able to 
print controversial matter without fear of 
mob reprisal. Granted. this very simple idea 
has never been fully accepted in the 2 I 7-
year history of the Republic. But it is a 
sensible goal for which to slrive, nonethe-
less. 

It seems to me Ihatone trait ofacivilized 
See THIFT, Page 6 

Monda~' , Novl'IllI)(,.· 15. 1993 

COMMENTARY 

THE EDITORS OF MO-
MENTUM WERE SLOPPY 

FOR RUNNING THE 
STORY, BUT THO E WHO 

REMOVED THE ISSUES 
WERE EVEN SLOPPIER 

B~ DA \'10 ''''el l\" 
~lIil)r . Iliff 1,\ ril('" 

At the root of the incident in which 
Momentulll copi es were discarded i 
laziness - laziness on the pan of the 
writer of the article in question, on the 
part of the M OJll ellluJII editor. and on 
the part of the offended male who 
dumped 2,000 issues in the garbage. 

I read "A Little 'Mail'" (after 
searching hard for a remaining copy) 
and found it offensive. A careful 
reading reveals that the author. 1\')' 
Lee. had intended the piece to be a 
sarcastic refutation of Asian male 
stereotypes. and she is no doubt ve ry 
distraught that her wriling could be 
interpreted any other way. The 
problem is that it is a poorly written 
parody, sarcasti c to the point of 
le.aving the author'S motive and 
subject in question. After a quick firs t 
reading, which i ~ how Illost people 
read newspaper articles. the reader is 
left wondering to what ex tent the 
author is attacking stereotype . and to 
what extent she is simply milk ing 
them for the sake of a good laugh. 

The author sarcastically adopts the 
voice of a bigot. and proceeds to 
describe in painful detai I every single 
stereotypical characteristic att ributed 
to Asian men. She then mentions 
famous Asian mel) who do not fit 
these stereotype (short. slight. 
unathletic) but di smi sse them ll . mere 
exceptions. 

In reality, just mentioning a few 
movie stars and ath letes is not an 
adequate refutation of the description 
offered in the anicle. If the writer wa. 
willing to devote so much energy to 
vividl) describing a bigot's view of 
Asian men. she should have done 
more to obliterate th i. image than to 
merely mention Brandon Lee. 

Even if the policy of M OJll enfl11ll 
really is to publi sh anything they 
recei ve. it is still the job of the editor 
to make sure that the writer" s pub-
lished pieces accurately portray the 
writer's intention. If the parody was 
meant to be aimed against bigots, then 
the editor better be sure that it is the 
bigots who will be offended. 

In any case. it is not the place of an 
outside party to decide when or how 
much another individual should be 
offended.Tf a large group of Asian men 
were highly offended by the article. it 
is not their fault for miSS ing the 
subtleties of the parody. The anger is 
legitimate. 

Now comes the tricky business of 
responding to the offense. In the case of 
the Momentum incident, stealinl! 

See LAZY, Page'll 

Monday, November 15, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPINlON 5 

WAS IT RACISM OR SATIRE?/ READERS SPEAK OUT ON MOMENTUM 
Editor: 

The article written by Ivy Lee in 
M~nttun not only is a weak ex-
cuse for male bashing. bul portrays 
a derogatory image of Asian Ameri-
cans as a whole. Although I have 
heard that this article was supposed 
to be humorous. the article only 
reaffirms such misconceptions of 
the stereotypical Asian male. 

We live in a nation in which 
communities are trying desperately 
to break the color and gender lines. 
the author of this article perpetuates 
such stereotypical ignorance and 
makes the jobs of those individuals 
interested in breaking such color 
lines much harder. I do not know the 
purpose of Mom~ntum, but if it is to 
raise awareness of the Asian-Ameri-
can culture. this article does not 
serve such a purpose, but brings 
about more i:;norance among people 
of non-Asian descent. 

RayCbu 
Ellen Jean Wa ... 

caneonhlp I. 
Not the Answer 
Editor: 

As an Asian American. I, too, 
was deeply offended. appalled and 
disgusted to find such a tasteless 
article in Mo~ntum. However. the 
whole point of having a variety of 
campus media is to provide diverse 
viewpoints and opinions. 

Instead of trashing copies of Mo-
~nrum. those individuals should 
have taken a positive action to break 
down the stereotype they were of-
fended by. leiters to the editor or 

town meetings are a few ways to 
bring people together and commu-
nicate in order to confront the ste-
reotypes. Instead of leaving indi-
viduals in the dark by preventing 
them from reading whole publica-
tions, unacceptable attitudes should 
be publicly scrutinized. Eliminat-
ing the expression of divisive ste-
reotypes through vandalism does 
nothing but allow these stereotypes 
to prosper in silence. 

Every one of our campus media 
has a right to be heard by the stu-
dents. Every sludent has a right to 
read or disregard each one of the 
media. No one has any right to take 
that decision away. 

Blk·Na Park 
A.s. Conunissioner of 

Communications 

Paper De.erv .. 
Apology for Act 
Editor: 

When constitutional principles 
are violated, Asian Americans 
should be concerned. In 1942. the 
U.S. government violated the con-
stitutional rights of approximately 
120.000 Japanese Americans by 
placing them in concenlnltion camps 
under the pretense that it was "for 
their own protection." David Lee 
and those who think like him have 
violated Momentum • s constitutional 
right to freedom of the press osten-
sibly "for the protection oflhe Asian-
American community." The ulti-
mate issue here is the constitutional 
question. not the inflammatory side 
issue of racism and sexism. 

In a special Readers' 
Forum, the UCSD 
campus responds to the 
debate surrounding 
Momentum and the 
removal of 2,000 copies 
of its latest issue. 

Second. Lee excuses his behav-
ior by claiming that Momentum is a 
"racist and sexist publicalion." a 
point he relentlessly grinds to direct 
attention away from his constitu-
tionalfauxpas. Legal scholars who 
reviewed the latest issue of Momen-
tum conclude that while certain ar-
ticles might be offensive to a small 
minority of the Asian-American 
community. it is neither a racist or 
sexist publication. For those further 
interested in these issues, we would 
suggest reading legal scholar Mari 
J. Muatsuda's Words that Wound: 
Critical Race Theory, Assaultive 
Speech. and the First Amendment. 

Third, Lee proudly flaunts the 
fact the he is a founding member of 
Mom~ntum. When the publication 
ceased to fulfill his own personal 
agenda and became an open forum 
for discussing Asian-American and 
Pacific Islander issues. Lee labels 
the paper racist and attempts to pre-

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

Ui.iiill 
Once you try chiropractic you'fI 
never want to live without your fufl 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! CAll TOO" Y FOR AffOIU)"llE QUAlITY CARE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 1 0 years 
• OPEN 9 am-7 pm 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La lolla Village Drive 

vent others from decidi ng whether it 
is or not. 

The U.S. government offered a 
formal apology and reparJtions to 
the Japanese Americans whose con-
stitutional rights were violated. 
David Lee and others who violated 
Momentum's constitutional rights 
owe a formal apology to Momentum 
and to every American. 

The Staff of Momentum 

Another Display 
Of Stupidity 
Editor: 

Once again J am amazed by yet 
another display of immense stupid-
ity at UCSD. By trashing 2,000 cop-
ies of Momentum , students called 
tremendous attention to an issue they 
were trying to keep people from 
reading. If they h:\d si mply left it 
alone, no one. other than the Mo-
mentum staff. would have read the 
anicle. 

Contrary to the Guardian's ludi -
crous assertion that "Momentum has 
a circulation of 4,000 readers," it 
has a circulation of 4.000 copies, 
which are left in the racks until suf-
ficiently weathered to be hauled off 
by a maggot-infested Recycli ng Co-
op member. Next time. these aveng-
ers of the offended should think 
before they act. 

Ed Wagner 

Newspaper Theft 
Was Cowardly 
Editor: 

The most disturbing thing about 

thi s incident is the actions of censor-
ship against M omen/IIIII. 

Those who removed the MOInell-
IlIIII issues did so despite the fac t 
that the other contents of th is i~sue 
were of great importance to Asian 
Americans, being about thing~ ~uc h 
as AIDS in the Asian <.:ommu nity. 
and the monumental achievement 
of The Joy Lllck Cluh motion pic-
ture. the first full-production movie 
written, directed, produ<.:cd and ~ta r­
ring Asian Americans. By attempt-
ing to censor two pieces they did not 
like , th ese thie ves censored 
MQmentulII' s attrmpt to document 
other things important to the Asian 
community. 

These thi eves did not even at-
tempt to approach M lIIllC'11I1I1II ~tntT 
on the subject of the! article. They 
simply assumed the nature of the 
anicle and acted il11m:tlll rely. If I 
find someone spreading lie~ abo ut 
me. I would il t lea,t have Ihe b,tlb to 
approach them about it. If the art ic le 
was such a pack of lie, and hate. 
wouldn ' t it be better to show the 
M Olll e1lf1l1ll staff their error by re-
spondi ng to the article in the next 
issue rather than underhandedly at-
te mpting 10 steal copie, or the pa-
per? 

I have a fee ling th at perhaps 
these ind ividuals are not ,ecure 
enough in their ide nt ity to be ab le 
to take any criticism (el'en if it is 
meant as sarcasm) anti that they 
conspire on Iy bt!cau,e they are 
afruid that it mighl be truc . Then 
aga in. maybe not. 

Matthew Baldwin 
Momentum Opinion Editor 

r--------------------------------------------------------, 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 
$2 pints all night 

50( dogs during the game 

• 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
from 3 pm-close. 
52 pints on our 

BrewMaster Specials 
from 7 pm-close 

r.a. or ..... c..t ... tIlCI ....... 
274· 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew for $5 

($3 with UCSD ID) 
Refills $2 eacb &: every week 

from 7 pm-close 

L _______________________________________________________ _ 

Eyes of La Jolla 
OI' I ()M~lI(Y 

Dr. JeHrey Markson, Optometrist 
at UTe. next to Nordstrom 
4417 La Jolla Village Drive (619)597-2020 



6 OPINION 

Can You aeat This? 

TheIl enter the 

Revelle fl1090 g:~:t 
Win ss ........ estI •• for d .... lq a 

new R.v •••• CoIl .... lqo/.,...boIl 
• Submit all entries to the Dean's Offfice by 12 noon, Friday, December 3 
• Entries should only be submitted on 8.5' x 11' paper. Include your name, 

phone #, address and a brief description of the design on a separate, 
stapled sheet 

• Entries may be in black and white or color 
• The logo must reflect the aims and goals of Revelle. When briefly describing 

the design. also explain the symbolic value of the design 
• Any questions? Call the Dean's Office at 534-3492 

Sponsored by RCe 
Get Creative! Revelle Students only. 

$100 prize and lunch with the Reo;elle Provost. Deilll. & RCC chair for the wlnnl", <iesl&n. 

The 
Catholic Student Commu"ity 

invites you to 

JJResponsible Decision-Making 
in the Church" 

a discussion of the roles of individual 
conscience, freedom, church authority and 

teaching 

from a Catholic perspective 
Led by Fr. Peter Abdella, CSP 

Wednesday, November 17 
7:30 - 9:00 PM, 

Cognitive Science Building (CSB) 005 

Newcomers welcome! 

The UCSD Guardian 

LAZY: Debate 
should focus on 
issue, not censorship 
ContInued from ..... 4 
the issues was effective in tenns of 
demonstrating that these men, in 
particular members of Lambda Phi 
Epsilon. were unwilling to take 
abuse sitting down. 1beir extrem-
ism was justified, bul the method 
they chose to demonstrate their ex-
treme anger could have been better. 
Censorship is a rather lazy exercise, 
and unpopular to boot 

From a publicity standpoint, the 
newspaper dumpers run the risk of 
diverting attention away from a 
pressing issue. the status and image 
of Asian males and toward the eter· 
nal issue of censorship. Surely the 
members of Lambda Phi Epsilon, 
and all concerned parties, for that 
malter. do nOi want the ensuing de-
bate to dwell on this distraction. 

Censorship is also the most intel-
lectually lazy way to counter an 
opinion you don't like. The mental-
ity is. "Me not like, me destroy." 
Granted, writing letters to the edi-
tors of the Guardian and Momen-
tum is not very effective. People 
read the letter. and before turning 

the page think, "Oh, everybody al-
ways complains." But to hide the 
offending view from the public lacks 
creativity and doesn't make the prob-
lem go away. Aside from this. it is in 
this case against law. 

Those who stole the newspapers 
could have done something just as 
extreme and radical without raising 
the ugly spectre of censorship. How 
about taking over the Momentum 
office? 

The Guardian would gladly over-
publicize such an event. If enough 
people could be mobilized to haul 
all 2,000 issues into the garbage, 
there should be enough energy to 
organize a demonstration of some 
sort. 

(f the proposed public forum on 
the issue works out, then all that 
anger and energy will be going in the 
right direction. Sadly, however, thi 
issue might not have gotten the dis-
cussion it is now enjoying had the 
actions ofrhe issue dumpers not been 
as extreme as they were. I feel they 
could have attracted the same kind 
of attention through a less problem-
aric type of action . And hopefully, 
the resultant forums and discussions 
will focus not on an isolated incident 
of petty censorship, but on the issue 
that motivated it. 

Graduate School 'nformation Workaho 

Me ... a Biology 
Graduate Student at 

UCSD? .. Yes! 
Meet and discuss with faculty, graduate 

students and Postdocs your future as 
a Graduate Student in Biology. 

Everyone welcome! 
Pizza & refreshments 

African American. Hispanic and other underrepresented minority 
students are strongly encouraged to attend. 

Wednesday, November 17, 1993 
4-8 pm 

Canter for Molecular Genetics Lecture Room lind Lobby 

For infonnation regarding this Workshop, ca1lS34-Q913 
SpoI_1II by thIJ BIology ........... far GNcIuII. Minority AIcruiIn*It 

Kappa Alpha Theta is coming to the University 
of California San Diego! 
Theta's kite will soon be flying over the University of California at San Diego, and we invite 
upperclass women, as well as new women students, to come hear about our plans. 

What is Kappa Alpha Theta? 
Kappa Alpha Theta is a fraternity for women-the first Greek-letter fraternity for women with chapters 
at Stanford, Harvard, Yale, MIT, Colorado College, VOP, Irvine, Davis, Cal Poly and more. 

Theta Wants You! 
Interviews (by appointment): January IO and II, Price Center, Galleries A and B 

For more information call: J-800-KAO-1870 or SOLO, Paul De Wine, at 534-1611 

Monday, Nov(,lIIbl'.· J5. 1993 

THEFT: 
Those responsible 
must be punished 
Continued from page 4 
ociety is the capaci ty to differenti -

ate between uncivilized ideas and 
oncivilized acts. Yet today we live 
in a society that considers insensi-
tive remarks a criminal offense but 
cannot see fit to convict a man for 
bashing another in the head wi th a 
brick. If this trend continues, I ex-
pect the legiSlatures wi ll soon re-
vive the old English offense ofimag-
ining the King' sdeath. and the courts 
will send men to prison for thinking 
unhappy thoughts. 

· "[Momelltlllll Editor in Chief] 
Joanne Tashiro and [Managing Edi-
tor] James Chou do not even know 
the cOllseqllellces of atire and 
parody." 

r think it would be safer to say 
that Ta hiro and Chou are a little 
vague on what good sut ire and 
parody are supposed to be. A for 
the consequences, [ don' t think the 
Ko(,{a i~ especially funny, but you 
don't ee me and my friends heav-
ing its entire press run into the 
dumpster. To be frank , I worry more 
about the consequences of an un-
punished theft than of a bad peice of 
Writing. 

· "Satire and parody promote self-
hatred for the Oriental male." 

If the offending article promotes 
self-hatred for the Oriental male. I 
would respectfully sugge 't that the 
Oriental male obtain the services of 
a good pyschotherllpisl. 

·"Just look at the facts: the editor 
in chief i a fema le - how can she 
possibly be in touch with and sensi-
tive to males?" 

At this point, r began to wonder 
whether this mystery letter was not 
itself a sub-par effort at satire and 
parody. 

·"James Chou is a wimp." 
I do not know Mr. Chou, so I will 

refrain from making any rash judg-
ments. But if, in fact , Mr. Chou is a 
wimp, I think he might have a case 
for "fighting words" against this 
fellow . And in the current climate, 
he might just win. 

. "( strongly suggest that [the 
Guardian] make amends Ifor the 
editorial] in the next issue ... ·' 

Ah. yes. Why try to persuade us 
with a well-reasoned argument when 
you can make subtle threats instead? 

·"The First Amendment is about 
freedom of speech, not freedom of 
the press." 

This, [ submit, is the culmination 
of a lifetime wasted in the public 
schools. Thi s is where we get the 
mysterious claims that the Second 
Amendment has Ilothing to do with 
a pri vate citizen'~ right to keep and 
bear arms, or that the Fourth Amend-
ment . ays nothing about unreason-
able searches and seizure that the 

See THEFT, Page 7 

Wt sPtc ... I ... n thin light 'Y' g •• ,.ts •• n", 
Includes slit. of tM1l1 UUi...1bia.llnslS (single 
viSion) . cnolct (JI1I.mu to $29 ••• ut 

NI k ·So",. ,ulm:lio", ."ty Dr. c 
SELBY, 0.0. 578·6796 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
2 mil .. lISt 01 80S (bthind Col. s Jr ) 

Monday, November 15, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OPI ION 7 

THEFf: 
Continued from pIC. 8 
state cannot circumvent. I wish 
someone would make a similarly 
convincing claim about the Twenty-
sixth Amendment not extending the 
franchise to IS-year-olds. But that 
is a discussion for another time ... 

As always. he is unable to discuss 
any specific case, or even whether 
charges have been or will be filed 
(they have). All he can do is inves-
tigate the allegations and decide 
whether any violations have oc-
curred, then pass his findings on to 
the relevant college deans. 

I fear now that the stigma of 
racism has been raised. the adminis-
tration will be inclined to back. off 
ratherthan be accused of condoning 
"hate literature" or some such non-
sense. 

Kaplan finds 
Inagic formula. 

The campus powers that be have 
remained mostly silent thus far, 
which is not encouraging, given 
what we know about the silence of 
administrators at other campuses 
where such thefts have occurred in 
the past. Only student government 
advisor Randy Woodard has taken a 
vocal stand so far. (n a rare on-the-
record statement, Woodard agreed 
that talcing the papers. as Lee and 
his cohorts did, was theft and there-
fore a violation of the Student Con-
duct Code. 

But this is one case where the 
administration cannot afford to be 
weak. What campus authorities face 
is not some obscure contlict of val-
ues, but a clear case of theft in ' an 
effort to suppress an unpopular idea. 
And theft. no mailer what the rea-
son, cannot go unpunished. 

Again. 
Proof that 

no one knows tests 
like Kaplan: 

Kaplan has found a pattern behind GRE Pattern Identification questions-a way 
for you to get them right nearly every time . In seconds. Even if you don 't understand 
the question. And because the method works best on harder questions , you have 
more time to work on Ihe easy ones. 

But Director of Student Services 
Nicholas Aguilar, the custodian of 
the student conduct code, has taken 
his familiar noncommittal stance. 

But let the punishment fit the 
crime. For my part. I believe the 
perpetrators at the very least de-
serve a smack on the hands -with a 
sledgehammer. 

iAaN ExTRA $$$ FOR TID: HOLIDAYS 
New cosmetic company in La Jolla near UCSD is looking for 

PAID VOLUNTEERS (MEN eli WOMEN) to participate in 
skin sensitivity and deodorant/antiperspirant studies. 

Earn great $$ with flexible hours and days. 
ThOle with welllmOWll history of irritation to certain 

brands of deodorant Ire needed. 
(Preference toward Sure and Old Spice deodorants or antiperspirants). 

PIeaee ItOp by our table in the Price Center pt~ from . 
11 ~ pm on Tueeduy, NCMmber 16th for more InformatIOn. 

CD'IDId,rm TrchnDIDgi,. 
550-7070 at. 100 
c.H NOW lor)'OUr omtn~ illllOintm<nl. 

Who can take 
Fellini's place? 
Here's your chance to try. 

UCSD-TV is pleased to announce a call for student submis-
sions for broadcast. Send us your best, and become part of one 
of the most comprehensive community outreach programs at 
UCSD. UCSD-TVs mission is to share the intellectual and 
educational resources of the university with the San Diego 
community . 

Submissions are evaluated on the basis of four criteria : 

Content - Does .the program content fit the th~matic emphases 
and standards of the stat ion? The themes are Public Affairs , 
Arts , Humanities, Health & Medicine, and Science. 

Balance - Does the. program contri)ute to the station's commit-
ment to provide a balanced presentation and diverse points of 
view on diverse topics? 

Format - Does the length of the program and its overall struc-
ture fit broadcast requirements? Has the producer obtained 
appropriate releases from talent , satisfied all union issues . and 
obtained releases for music if it is not 8MI or ASCAP published? 

Quality - Do the production values. i.e . visuals , sound , etc., 
meet the broadcast requirements of the station? 

Submissions for review should be 1/2" VHS with a 3/4" copy 
with mono·mixed audio available fo r air. Please send all 
subm issions with a cover letter including name and phone 
numbe r to: Rhyena Halpern , ASSOCia te Station Manager. UCSD-
n . Mail Code 0176. For more information call 534-3535. 

UCSD- TV ... reaching out to the community 

UHF Channel 35. Southwestern Cable Channel 15 

And. with Ihe largest staff of researchers in the industry- spending $2 million a 
year analyzing the tests- you have to expect this sort of thing . Kaplan has "broken 
the code' on three other question·types since 1982, contributing to the removal of 
those Questions from the tests . 

All of this means you score higher. 

II 's just one aspect of Kaplan 's Totat Training method for raising your score-part of 
the world's greatest arsenal of lest· taking techniques, reasoning skills. content 
review, and practice tests. 

With Kaplan's help, you could know the tests better 
than the test-makers. 

To learn how we did it, call 277-6744. 

LSAT MeAT GMAT GRE KAPLAN 
The .nswerto the t.st question 

Repairs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA L Suzuki Mazda Hyunda 
Mltsub.ah. Isuzu Acura 

Minor Tune Up Sp'ecial $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tUflil up includes a /ot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8 . Check clutch 11. Check cooling syslem & hoses 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-point Major Service -SpeCial $74 * 
., ed 0 . I . I'" . (reg . $150) Exira for fue/-Inlect . ur malor une up inC uues. 

1. Compression test ech 
2 Valve adjuslfnent 11. Adjust timing 20. lube front end . 28. Ch~ and r arge 
Replace' 12. Adjust dwell angle 21. Chedl & replenish all ballenes. II necessary 
3 Valve'co,er gasket 13. Adjust carburetor Iluid & oil levels 29. Rotate tires (ir needed) 
.. Spark plugs ' 14. Adlust air & luel ratio 22. Che<:k electrical system 30. Check bre p~essure 
5 ' DIstributor pOints mixture 23 . Chedllor loose & lost 31 . Lube door hinges 
6 ' Condensers . 15. Adjust sleering box boRs 32. Check all h?lders 
7 ' A'r flter ' 16. Adjust clutch 24. Chedl brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8' Olil ,:uer: 17. Adjust brakes 25. Chedl clutch hoses 
9" Gas liller and 18. AdjuSI emergency brakes 26. Chedl lights . 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine citt 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road test belts lor damages 
Not.: '()( 6<\,._r cars add 520. To,oia $wI_s. add $3() DalSun 200SX wolh 8 spark plugs. add s:J5 

comPleieS168* Brake Job $3A* 
Clutch Job Special Frontorr~s::.YaO) 

We replace: 
1. Transmission input shah 4. Throwout bearing 

seal (except Hondas) 5. Pilot beanngs . 
2. Pressure plate 6. New transmrssoon 011 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test 
Note : Hydrau'c parts are not covered NOllor 'WD Front """,,1 
drive .>!trs. 

1. Install speCIal new pads Brake job includes: 
or install rear brake shoes 

2. DraIn old brake lIuld 6. AdJustltont (If drums) 
3. Inspect complete and rear shOes hydraulIC system 7 Replace Iront rotor 
4. Rel"l hydraulic IIuld seals (II rotor. turn) 
5. Bleed entire brake system 8. Road test 

___ NO_.8_: Hydtaukc pans ara r\01lndl.lded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engin6 overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,ODO-mlle limited warranty. 

' most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

overseas 
a..IDIIvI RIp ntI. 
••••• 66. 

8008 Miramar Rd. 

695·1990 
.... III. EJpna l:11l.t3 

can lor appointmet" 

,,.. .' : ' ,. I It)' 1.''''1" I I, ,'" I'''' Open Saturday 



8 CALENDAR 

Academic Services 
Monday-Friday 

• aa.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs., aa.m.-3p.m. Fri. -
The OASIS LangUIige Program provides assIs-
tance to students whose native language Is not En-
glish and to those doing woril in Japanese, Span-
ish, French and Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on 
written English is available on request Call 534-2284 
for more Information. Student Center, Bldg. A. 1214. 
• aa.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs., aa.m.-12p.m. Fri. -
Let OASIS Study Mtlnegement Center help you 
this quarter with time management, notetaking and 
editing, textbook analysis, memory, flexible/speed 
reading, vocabulary development, and GREILSAT/ 
MCATverbai comprehension. Stop by York Hall 4010 
or call 534-734410 set up a personal appointment. 
Also, stay on the lookout for those valuable OASIS 
Study Skills Wor1lshops and the GRE Weekend Spe-
cials. 
• aa.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .. aa.m.-12p.m. Fri . -
The OASIS Schola,.' WriUng Worttahop provides 
Iree individual and group conferences to assist stu-
dents with writing projects. SWW also offers free 
word processing facilities and computer assistance. 
Stop by Yoril Hall #4070 or call 534-7344 to sched-
ule an appointment. 
• aa.m.o4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center Is 
a free service for all UCSD students. We offer one 
to one writing conferences for any type of writing 
project-academic papers, personal statements, 
even stories and poems. Our staff of trained under-
graduates. who come from a variety of academic 
disciplines, can help you become a more effective 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or drop 
by our office in the old Student Center, Building A, 
room 214. 

Monday, Nov. 15 
• 304:30p.m. - Flnanclll Aid and Scholanlhipi 
for Study Abroad -Information session at Inter-
national Center Lounge (13). UCSDiinanciai aid may 
be applied to study programs abroad. Tens of thou-
sands of dollars in scholarships are available for stu-
dents going abroad. Sponsored by the Programs 
Abroad Office. 

Wednesday, Nov. 17 
• 7:3Op.m.-se.chSlratlgyT~for I..JbrWy 
ReIeII'eh: An InIroductIon -A talk by Susannah Gal-
loway, wil be. presented by San Diego Indepetldent 
Scholars at Chancellor's Complex, Room IlIA. 
Susannah Galloway has been a Referenoe Ubrarian at 
the UCSD UndetgraIiJate UbraIy, and sinoe 1979 a 
ReiBrenoe ~ and CoIIedion DeIIeIopment U-
bnIrian at the UrWersiIy lilrary_ 

Thursday. Nov. 18 
• 1 :3O-3p.m. - Study or Work In SPAlNI- EAP/ 
OAP Information Session at International Center Con-
ference Room. Financial aid & scholarships available. 
Sponsored by the Programs Abroad Office. 
• 3-4:3Op.m. - Study or WCH1l1n MEXlCOI - EAP/ 
OAP Information Session at International Center Con-
ference Room. Financial aid & Scholarships available. 
Sponsored by the Programs Abroad Office. 

Lectures 
Monday. Nov. 15 

.5 p.m. -A lecture by Avraham Biran of the Nelson 
Glueck School of Biblical Archaeology, Hebrew Union 
College, Jewish Institute of RelIgion, Jerusalem. Lec-
ture Isentitied " BIblical Dan: New Diecovene. and 
the Hou .. of David Inecrtptlon_" Lecture Is free. 
Location: Ganren Auditorium, Basic Science Build-
ing, SOM. 
• 8-1Op.m. - Southa .. t A.la Refugee DllCua-
slon Panel - Come learn more about the plight 01 
the Vietnamese Boat People and other relugee is-
sues. Panel includes former refugees, Immigration-
law attorney, and coordinators for refugee-support 
programs. Sponsored by the Multi-Cultural Student 
Network and the International Allalrs Group. Pep-
per Canyon Lodge. 

Wednesday, Nov. 17 
• 3p.m. - Center lor US-Mexican Studies Semi-
nar - Leslie Salizinger, UC Berkeley, ViSiting Re-
search Fellow at UCSD, ' Producing Gender, Engen-
dering Production: The Constitution and Control 01 
Cludad Juarez's Maquiladora Workforce." 2nd floor, 
Institute of the Americas Bldg. 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 12p.m. - The Ethnic Studies Dept. presents Alan 
Kilpatrick, American Indian Studies. San Diego State 
Univ. "Transformational Language In Cherokee 
Shamanistic Writing," Room 3415 Lit. Bldg. 
• 4:30p,m, - Faculty Distinguished Lac:ture Se-
rlea - Michael Criqui, UCSD, 'The Epidemiology 
of Peripheral Arterial Disease.' Garren Auditorium, 
Basic Sciepce Bldg., School of Medicine. A recep-
tion will follow in the Dean's oHlce lobby. 

Friday, Nov. 19 
• 12-1 p.m. - The Program in Religious Studies pre-
sents a lunchtime lecture by Diana R. Swain of the 
Department of History. The lecture Is entitled "Opt-
Ing for Heaven: Motlvltlon and Recruitment In a 
Spanlah.Amerlcan Convent Santa Marta de 
Gracla,1588-1863."The lecture Is free and open to 
faculty, stall and students. Call 534-8849 for more' 
info. 

Health and Fitness 
On-golng 

• - Do you know your total blood choleeterol 
leftl? Drop by Student Health Mondays 1-2p.m., 
Tuesdays 1-2p.m. andThursdays2-4p.m. toflndoutl 
Testing Is 15. 

Monday-Thu~y 
• 88.m.o4:3Op.m. - Prwpare 'ew the QrNI A"*'-
C*'I SmoMout (GAS)- Pick-up a survival k1t-adop-
t10n papers to help get through 24 hours without 
smoking Nov_ 18th. Kits avallabla al Thurgood 
Marshall, Muir, Revelle. Warren, FIfth Deans and 
Res. Dean offices, Student Health, EDNA, Interna-
tional Center. 
.2p.m. Mon,, 10a.m& 1p.m. Tues.,l la.m, & lp.m. 
Wed.. 108.m. & 1 p.m. nus. - Anamon II FEMALESI 
Find CIA what's right b' you at a Wo!Nn's Sexual 
.... l1li Information SeeeIonI Learn about other 
lorms of birth control, pelvic. breulexam and mo ... 
2nd I!oor 01 Stucl8nt Health ServioH in the Health 
Education room. 

'I'll<' UCS D Guardi~n 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 10a.m.-l :30p.m. - Great American Smokeout 
(GAS) - Show you can stop smoking for 24 hours 
along with millions today. Price Center table has 
survival kits and adoption papers. Drop by, talk to a 
Student Health Advocate. 

Clubs and Meetings 
Monday. Nov. 15 

• 7p.m. - Lesbian Gay Bisexual Assoclation -
General business meeting . Come out and get in-
volved. Women's Resource Center. (weekly) 

Tuesday, Nov. 16 
• 12p.m. - AA Meeting - Room 1208. Biology 
building al MUIR campus. (weekly) 
• 5:30p.m. - Tired of running alone? Need some 
motivation? Come join the Social Running Club. 
All levlills welcomed. Meet at the Sun God. Free. 
Call Joshua Mitnick 497-5020 for more info. (weekly) 
• 6p.m. - In1erested in pursuing a career ill the 
environment or in getting involved with on and oN 
campus environmental concerns? Come to the Stu· 
dent Envi ronmental Action Coalitlon 's weekly 
meetings. Located in old Studenl Center above Soft 
Reserves. (weekly) 
• 7:30p.m. - Cal-Animage Beta Chapter - More 
Japanese Animation tonight in Room t 07. Solis Hall, 
Marshall Col lege. (week/y) 

Wednesday, Nov. 17 
• 5-6p.m. - SATCH (Students Active Towards Com-
munity Health) -Interesung and eXClbng projects JUst 
waiting for you to take a hold of them. Come and find out 
about them or get and update. Ai so come to find out about 
our poUuck ccming up. Berkeley Room 
• Sp.m. - SCANS Presents Prof. Marty Sereno of 
the Cognitive Science Dept. He will be sharing his 
research on " The Human Monkey." CSB 005 Ev-
eryone is welcome. 
• 6:30p.m. - Wilderness Club Meeting - Every· 
one welcome! Meet above KSDT in the old Student 
Cenler (week/y) 
• 7p.m. - Active Students for AIDS Prevention 
(ASAP) will meet in the Price Center. Ask EDNA for 
exact location. Please join us. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - Amnesty tnternatlonal will be screen-
ing ' Cry Freedom" in Peterson Hall 1 08. We will have 
a guest speaker and a discussion on human rights 
in Africa. Queshons? Call Matt at 458-9094 . 
• 7p.m. - Open Discussion lor Gay and Bisexual 
Men. - Student Center Bldg. B Conf. Room. Spon-
sored by LGBA. (weekly) 
• 9p.m. - Hardcore Student Film Club - All ma-
jors and levels of experience invited. Meetings are 
in the Media Center (MCC) studios. (weekly) 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 5:15p.m. - Warren Commuter Committee -
Come see what's going on at UCSD & Warren. 
Meetings in the Warren college Student Activities 
Center, CSAC. (weekly) 
• 5:30p.m. - Tired of running alone? Need some 
motivation? Come join the Social Running Club. 
All levels welcomed. Meet at the Sun Gad. Free. 
Call Joshua Mitnick 497-5020 for more info. (weekly) 

Friday, Nov. 19 
• 12p.m. - AA Meeting - Room 1208 Biology 
Building at MUIR campus. (weekly) 
Events and Recreation 

Ongoing 
• - Cine Eatudlantil '94: Chicano/latino Student 
FIlm & VIdeo Festival - Chicanoilatino Studentsl A 
rare chance to screen your workl Cine Estudiantil is a 
non-<:ampelitive film and video festival showcasing stu-
dent works that depicI the Chicano/Latino experience. 
The les1ivaJ wi~ include screenings throughout the San 
Diego 8188, discusslons with film makers. and a cata-
logue of all films and video& enlered. W you have <PIS-
tlons about entering the festival . call Ethan van ThiCo,at 
235-6135. Deadline November 30. 1993. . , 

Monday-Saturday 
• Walking tou,. of the UCSD campus conducted 
by the Student Outreach and Recruitment Office 
(SOAR) are now available at 11 :00 AM Monday 
through Saturday. The 9Q-minute tour, conducted by 
a student gUide, is designed to give visitors a tasle 
of the academic and social flavor of UCSD's under-
graduate colleges. Immediately following the tour, 
at app. 12:30 PM, prospective students are invited 
to attend a general information session conducted 
by a SOAR outreach officer. The one-hour presen-
tation reviews the differences among UCSD's live 
colleges, while also covering admission requirements 
and support services for students. Reservations are 
encouraged by calling 534-1935. Visitors should 
meet oulside the SOAR office, located on the upper 
level of the Sludenl Center, Building "8 ." 

Tuesday-Sunday 
• 12-5p.m. - " Larl Pittman: Palntlngslnd Works 
on Piper" - On view will be paintings and works 
on paparfrom three series pai nted from 1989 to 1993 
by Los Angeles artist. Lari Pittman. His work has 
recently been exhibited in the Whitney Museum of 
American Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los 
Angeles. and the Cororan Gallery of Art, Washing-
ton, D.C. Free. 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 7p.m. - And the Band Played On - The HBO 
"1ovie, will be shown by the IRPS Puolic Service 
';ommittee at the IRPS Auditorium (Robinson Bldg. 
.omplex). The movie is free, but a raffle is being 

held to raise money for AIDS. Organized by the I RPS 
AIDS Project as its kick-off event. 
• 8p.m. - "Las Ballets Alrlcalns" -Africa's fore-
most touring company will give two performances 
(Thurs. and Fri .) at the Spreckels Theatre in down-
town San Diego. Thirty-five dancers and musicians 
will perform a wide repertoire that includes traditional 
dance, music and storytell ing, full of acrobatics and 
romedy. The spirited and colorful dances are repre-
· entative of the four regions of Guinea. General ad-
nlssion is $35/$25: seniors $30/$20, and students 
,30/$15. 

Friday, Nov. 19 
• Sp.m. - " Las Ballets Afrlcalns" -Africa's fore-
most touring ~ompany will give lwo performances at 
the Spreckels Theatre in downtown San Diego. 
Thirty-five dancers and musicians will perform a wide 
repertoire that includes traditional dance, music and 
storytelling, laced with acrobatics and comedy. The 
spirited and colortul dances are representative of the 
four regions of Guinea. Geheral admission is $35/ 
$25: seniors $30/$20, and students $30/$15. 

Saturday, Nov. 20 
• 8p.m. - Japane .. Koto Class Recllal - Re-
cital Hall. Mandeville Center. 

Sunday, Nov. 21 
• - Free tou,. of UCSD are offered every Sunday 
lhis Fall and Winter by the UCSD Visitors Program. 
Mini-Van tours are available the first and third Sun-
days of each month, starting at 3 :00 PM from the 
Gilman Information Pavilion. Walking tours are 01-
fered on altemative Sundays, also starting at 3:00 
PM from the Gilman Pavilion. A portion of the famed 
Stuart Collection of ouldoor sculpture Is included. 
Although the tour Is free, there is I minimal UCSD 
parking fee. Reservations are necessary and may 
be made by calling 534-4414. 
• 11 a,m. - Guided Beechwllk Adventure. -
Ocean Beach Pier. Fee Is sa for adults and 56 for 
children ages 7-13. Advance reservations are re-
quired. For information call 534-7523. 

Career Services 
Monday-Fri(iay 

• 1 :30-4p.m. - Drop-ln Advising Hour. - For 
help wit" career goals, Job hunting, resume prepa-
ration or exploring professional or graduate school 
opportunities. No appointment needed. Just watk In. 

Momlu)" , Nm,.' IIII"·I· 1.>_ 1993 

• - MENTOR - Graduating this quarter and jOb-
seeking? We'll match you with a professional in your 
field who will !fet you started networking in the local 
job market. Sign up at Career Services. 
• - StGI+ - Computer-based program designed 
to help you clarify your skills . values. and interests . 
For more info , come to Ihe Career Services Center. 
$10. 

Monday. Nov. 15 
• 2p.m. - Job Search 101 - 80% of all Job va-
cancies are unadvertised. This workshop will teach 
you the most effective way to find them. Career Ser-
vices Center. Free .. 

Tuesday, Nov. 16 
• 1 :30p.m. - Interviewing Skills Workshop -
Learn techniques required to be successful in the 
interview process. Career Center. Free. 

Wednesday, No~ 17 
. 1 :30-3:30p.m. - On-Camera Interviewing Skills 
for Employment - Using video. impr~ve your lech-
nique through practice and valuable feedback. Pre-
requisite: interviewing Skills Workshop. Sign up at 
Career Services Reference Room. Career Center. 
Free. 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 9-11 :30a.m. - Graduate/Professional School 
Personal Statement Critique- Drop in for this 
service. Career Center. (week/y) 
• 9-11a.m. - On-Camera - Practice interviewing 
for professional/graduate school admission. See 
yourself on videotape In mock interview. practice, 
and get feedback. Career Services Center. Free. 
• 12p.m. - Marketable Resume - Learn how 10 
make a positive impressiOn with your resume. Ca-
reer Center. Free . 
• 12p.m. - Pre-Med. Discussion Group - Pre-
meds for 1994 admission meet and share Ideas and 
concerns. Career Servic~s Genter.(w86kly) 

Friday, Nov. 19 
• 1 :30-4p.m. - Graduate/Professional School 
Pereonal Statement Critique - Drop In for this 
service. Career Services Center. (weekly) 

Support Groups 
Ongoing . 

• - Lesbian Gay B!sexuallndlvldual Peer Coun-
seling by Chell - Please call 534-3755 and leave 
message far appointment. 

Monday, No v. 15 
• 5:00p.m. - Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA) 
- Confidential 12-step meeting . Price Center Ber-
keley/Santa Cruz Rm. (weekly) 

Tuesday, Nov. 16 
• 4-5 :30p.m. - Women of the African Dlaspora 
- Led by Equilla Luke, 534·3585. 2126 HSS. 
• 7p.m. - AHA! - AHA ! is a high energy, partici-
patory session catered for those people willing to 
develop new perspeotives and alternative ways of 
thinking. AHAI is the Idea, the creative spark that 
pops into your brain unexpectedly. Discover your 
AHA! at this innovative seminarl Price Center Davis/ 
Riverside rm. 

Wednesday, Nov. 17 
• 3-4:30p.m. - Graduate Men's and Women's 
Growth Group - Meets in Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Call Miriam losupovici . 534-0255, for appointment. 
• 3-4:30p.m. - LatlnolLatlna, Chicana/Chicano 
Support Group - Led by Dan Munoz. Revelle 
Provost's Bldg. 

Thursday, Nov. 18 
• 5-6:30p.m. - Graduate Gay&Bisexual Men's 
Support Group - Come out in a friendly and con-
fidential atmosphere. We meet on a weekly basis at 
Student Center Bldg. B. lower level conI. room. Led 
by Matt. (weekly) 

Friday, Nov. 19 
• 2-4p.m. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse Group 
- Led by Dan Munoz, 534-1579. Call for appoint-
ment. Revelle Provost Bldg . 
.4-6p.m. - Campus Black Forum - Led by 
Phi l Raphael, 534 · 0252 . Mounta in Vi ew 
Lounge. 

Religious Services 
Tuesday. Nov. 16 

.5p.m. - Join the Catholic Community by cel-
ebrating Mass at the University Luiheran 
Church , across the street from Revelle Col-
lege. (weekly) 

Wednesday, Nov. 17 
• 6p.m. - Supper Is Served by Ihe University 
LUlherans - All are welcome. $2.00 is requesled. 
University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 
• 7p.m. - " Galatlons 6" - Biole study topic 
led by Campus Pastor John Huber. University 
Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shoree: Drive. 
Open to all. 
• 6 p.m. - " How Can a Divided Church Offer 
Unity and Truth? " - Presented by Campus Pas-
tor John Huber. University Lutheran Church . Open 
to all. 
• 9:30p.m. - End your day with the reflective UCSD 
Catholic Community celebration of Mass at the Uni-
versity Lutheran Church . across the street from 
Revelle College. (weekly) 

Thursday, Nov. 78 
.Sp.m. - Join the Catholic Commun itY,by cel-
ebrating Mass at the Uni versity Lutheran 
Church , across the street from Revelle Col-
lege . (week/y) 
• 6p.m. - Catholic Community Thursday Night 
Dinner - Only $2!'Located in the CathOliC lounge 
at the University Lutheran Church, across the street 
from Revelle College. (w8ekly) 

Friday, No v. 79 
• 8p.m. - "Th. Seventh Seal" is the film shown 
free, sponsored by Lutheran Community at UCSD. 
University Lutheran Church . Across the street from 
Revelle College. 

Sunday. Nov. 21 
.10:t5a.m. - Chicago Folk Servlce - Led by 
the Lutheran Campus Minis try. All Welcome. Uni-
versity Lutheran Church. across the street from 
Revelle College. 
• 2p.m. - Church Services lor the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (The Mormons) 
- Meetings each Sunday in Del Mar at t 2708 Torrey 
Bluff Drive. (weekly) 

Monday, November 15,1993 Tlw UCSD Guardian 

Stripping Away 

cwas: Female college students moonlight as exotic 
dancers to make money and achieve artistic fulfillment 

By Gina Frueh! 
Guardian Reporter 

H s the music thumped over the loudspeakers, the dancer took the stage to the cheers of the crowd. Twice the spot-light caught her face, her 
gently closed eyes and confident 
smile. "I enjoy what I do, I like to 
entertain. Anytime someone is 
exhilarated by you, it's approval 
and it's fulfilling," she said_ 

These are the words of a nude 
dancer, a woman who makes large 
sums of money by dancing pro-
vocatively in front of an audience_ 
This attitude is certainly not un-
usual in the nude entertainment 
indusuy. 

But what separates this dancer 
from others is that she is also a 
student and there are many more 
like her. 

Exotic dancing may be an at-
tractive job to students because of 
its notably high wages, flexible 
and infrequent shifts lind the f~w 
specific skills required. At most 
clubs, the only requirements to be 
a dancer are that a person be at 
leasl 18 and possess a nude 
entertainer's permit. College-age 
women do make up a fair percent-
age of the dancers in local nude 
bars_ For example, eight out of20 
female employees at The Body 
Shop. a San Diego club, are col-
lege students, said a member of 
the Body Shop's management_ 

According to Candace 
Bushnell, a writer for Mad~nwi­
s~lI~ magazine, many of the 
women working as topless or nude 
dancers today are college students 
or graduates who strip because of 
the potential for high earnings, 

''The stereotype of a drug ad-
dict dancing in a seedy club has 
been replaced with a wholesome 
but equally disturbing image -
that of a beautiful young woman, a 
college student or even a college 
graduate, taking advantage of an 
opportunity to make a lot of cash," 
Bushnell said_ 

Contrary to Bushnell' 5 claim 
that stripping is degrading and 
money-oriented. one student strip-
per said that although many strip-
teasers work solely for the money. 
tshe and other performers pursue 
it as a form of artistic expression. 

Fifth College sophomore 
Phillip Cole, who has several fe-
male friends who work as nude 
dancers, agreed that not all strip-
pers are in it for the money. 

''They see it as their choice. an 
expression of what they do and an 
expression almost of their femi-
ninity. Some of them actually con-
siderit quite artistic, too," he said. 
He added that his friends are com-
fortable with their jobs and do not 
feel that it degrades them to take 
their clothes off in front of an 
audience. 

However, the salaries thaulanc-
ers command are variable. 1be 

GUARDIAN 

FEHTURES 
amount of money an exotic dancer 
makes is sporadic because it is 
largely dependent on the tips she 
gets from customers, While a man-
ager at The Body Shop estimates 
that a confident. fit, good-looking 
dancer can make between $300 
and $400 in one eveningl one 
dancer said that this is an optimis-
tic guess, 

"Some evenings reflect this fig-
ure, but it's not guaranteed, You 
might walk away with not much 
more than 10 dollars," she said. 
"Like sales, it depends on how you 

package yo~self." she added. 
The poten~aI for making large 

sums of money exists, however. 
and according to Bushnell, some 
dancers make up to $150,000 per 
year of vinually tax-free income. 
a salary comparable to that of a 
very successful college graduate_ 
However. questions about the eth-
ics and morality of a career in 
stripping remain. 

"Some may argue that it's an 
illegitimate profession. of using 
sexuality SO make money," Cole 
said. "At the same time, it could be 
seen as a strike out for women's 
independence because not so long 
ago, women weren • t even aloud to 
wear swimsuits like you see on the 
beach today_" 

See NUDE, Page 10 

• 
FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

VERDE 
CAR. WASH ~ 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z_® 
-r-UCSD 

i L. JolI. VIII.tI. Dr. UTe I II I J :, .. gr . 
" 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE,. DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------: III Full Service $ 99 

: ~?i6~ P!! !A§! 3 ....... 
I C ~R WA~tI Not VIIId willi any other •. SAVE $4.21 I 
I &pINe 1 (14/14 
------------------______ 1 

NEW 9 

SEMI-DISPOSABLES $16900* 1-YEAR SUPPLY 
COMPLETE 1111.,,, EItIndId Wear DI., .. bln 

CoIipIIbt c.pllbt $179* $89* $109* 24 pack 
'InclilQes: Complete Eye Exam· Fitting· Follow-up Care 

• Care Kit· Near Sighted Rx only • Other Major Brands in Stock 
L..-___ We take the time to listen and explain. 
Dr. lick 16780 Miramar Rd_ 1 SELBY, 0.0, 2m11ltaslol105(behildtarfsJr.) 578-6796 $59' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses! \)(:~;,;,:~ 

"Lookin~ 
sometlii 
more?" 

we (.Ore hair 
WHEIIE YOU ALWAYS GET SOMETHING MOllE 

8750 Genesee· S87-CUTT 
M-F 9-8, Sit. 9-6, Sun. 10-5 

NOW FEATURING MERCHANDISE IN: 

• T-SHIRTS 
• WATCHES 
- PLUSH 
-BOXERS 
• & much mor:e I 
We also carry 

DISNEY 
WARNER BROS. 
HANNA-BARBERA. etc. 

University 
Towne Centre 

457-9798 



10 NEWS 

what's 
in 

The UCSD Guardian 

&:r Actuarial 
Interns Don't Just 
Crunch Numbers. 
At Transameri ca Life Companies our future is in 
the hands and minds of our actuaries. 

So we offer an intensive Summer Internship 
Program that trains you to develop, price and 
market financial security products and to analyze 
the financial results. Our program includes: 

• Hands-on work experience 
• Staff-led seminars 
• Study time for actuarial exams 
• Exam reimbursements 
• Recognition reception 

If you're a self-motivated achiever, inspired by 
innovation and excellence, you'll find the 
challenges rewarding at Transamerica Life 
Companies. 

Come To Our 
Actuarial Program 

Information Session 
November 17, 1993 
12 Noon - 1:30PM 
Career Services 

Multipurpose Room 

L T RAN AMERICA 
I. UFECOMPAN IES 

Worlc i "~ tOt;e.htr II tnt ~t roltcv · 

It bdiroe MI'Oftfr In die __ It' 1Pd1tOr1lt oll.'Wl'J pmiOO 
'I't.~~t'4'gj epporuiryand IIInnaM at1Ion 
'I' II" nlnon .. ...t nor¥ wHllhbllitblft"nqirmro.fW'id 10_ 

Monday. Nov.' mhl' !" 15. L993 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
... ...."Nov •• 
1:30 p.m.: A student reported receiving annoying phone calls at Tioga Hal l. au...,. Nov. 7 
2:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a license plate from a vehicle in 
Lot 502. Loss: $25. 
......"Nov.8 
1:30 p.m.: A staff member reported the burglary of an office at Ritter Hall. 
Loss: $2.700. 
T • .....,. Nov. I 
11:00 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a camcorder from the Muir 
Biology Building. Loss: $650. 
9:55 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-year-old male non-affi liate for driving a 
vehicle with a suspended license at Vo igt Dr. and Campus Point Dr. Loss: 
$100. 
11:45 p.m.: A non·affiliate reported the theft of a Domino's sign from a 
vehicle on Voigt Dr. by the Warren apartments. Loss: $100. 

W~y,NoY.l0 
11:05 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a backpack from the Price Center 
Theater. Loss: $302. 
5:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a '91 red Honda Prelude from lot 
502. Loss: $17,000. 
lb • ...." Nov. 11 
10:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a watch from the Main Gym men's 
locker room. Loss $600. 
FrIdQ. Nov. 12 
9:30 a.m.: A staff member reported a battery at Thornton Hospital. 
2:30 p.m.: A 28-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for outstanding 
misdemeanor warrants for being under the influence of a controlled sub· 
stance, possession of less than one ounce of marijuana and being in 
possession of a glass container in a prohibited orea. Trllnsported to County 
Jail. 

-Complied by Erik Johnson, Staff Writer 

NUDE: Students 
moonlight as strippers 
for extra money 
Continued from page 9 

According to Cole, stripping is 
a legitimate way to make money, 
and his friends have every right to 
do it. "To make that kind of 
money, most people have to go to 
college for eight years," he said. 
"But that's the money they make. 
and if that ' s how they make it, it 's 
all right." 

Bushnell sees things differ-
ently. "No matter how easily top-
less dancing seems to have been 
accepted by our mass culture, the 
basic issue remains: topless danc-

ers are selling their bodies," he 
said. 

"Although this Illay be our God-
given right. .. there is still some-
thing morall y disturbi ng about 
women who take advantage of the 
si tuation:' Bushnell added. 

Cole added that he think~ his 
fr iends nre justified in their job, 
because they are usi ng their earn-
I ngs to supplement the cost of their 
college educat ions. 

"They know they don ' t want 
to be strippers all their life, it' sjust 
something they' re doing in the 
meantime. If anything, the fact 
that they' re stripping as a mode of 
paying for education says that they 
have a dri ve to further their educa-
tion," Cole said. 

D1&l1t instead of "0" and save up to 44%. 

!'or 10", cI1IIaoot _ aoIlI. VI. ATM oporaIDI' _ 3 min. __ 0IIl. 

Monday, November 15, 1993 

KEN 

PEHLMOn 
Silly Sports 
Announcers 
Spewing Stats 

Those who know sports, or like 
to think they do, are on a never-
ending quest to fill their minds with 
facts, figures, and statistics. They 
watch games on TV or read about 
them in the paper, absorbing infor-
mation about their favorite teams 
with a fervor that might only be 
equaled by a William 'The Refrig-
erator" Perry feeding frenzy. 

Of course, most of these figures 
are pointless, but they're great for 
impressing friends at parties. 

Network sponsors and executives 
alike drool over bumedout, washed-
up NFL linemen and quarterbacks 
who spew useless jargon smoother 
than a Wayne Gre\zky hat trick or 
over-analyze every possible situa-
tion with the flamboyance of a Den-
nis Rodman haircut. 

Anyone watching Saturday'S 
Notre Dame-Aorida State battle for 
the nation's number-one ranking, 
for example, had the pleasure of 
listening to Todd Christiansen 
speculate over the condition of 
Charlie Ward's ribs or tell eager 
listener's of Lou Holtz's impressive 
record in games in which he has had 
two or more weeks to prepare. 

Nevermind that the game was 
probably Ward's last chance for a 
national championship or that he 
quite possibly didn't want to be 
smeared by four oncoming 315-
pound linemen who eat small ani-
mals for snacks, the ex-Raider is 
convinced that Ward's scrambling 
was the result of confidence and 
good health. 

Hell, I'd run like a madman too if 

w. SOCCER: 
UCSD falls in Final 

I were being chased by some Indi-
ana com-fed farm boy with the body 
of a Mac truck and the demeanor of 
Ted Bundy. 

Granted, sometimes useless sta-
tistics can be a lot of fun . What else 
could be more enjoyable than argu-
ing about which is larger, Marge 
Schott's brain or a pea? Personally. 
r d vote for the pea. but I digress .. . 

This weekend, the godfather of 
professional football. Don Shula, 
registered his 325th win. the most 
ever for any NFL coach. The avid 
sports statistician is quick to note 
that Shula and son Dave have tallied 
the most wins combined of any fa -
ther-son coaching team in history. 
Impress the guys with that at the 
next company picnic. . 

Of course, the stats nut will also 
be quick to add the footnote that 
Shu la' s wins include playoff victo-
ries, whereas Papa Bear Hallis' did 
not. 

Most of the time, however, an-
nouncers and their analyses are just 
plain annoying - one can only li s-
ten to George Foreman and lim 
Lamply talk about pork for so long 
during a world heavyweight cham-
pionship fight. And then of course, 
there's Tim MacCarver .. . 

Now, I won't deny that some 
statistics are vital to the world of 
sports. Weather and injury reports 
are the odds makers ' best friends and 
the serious gambler should always 
pay special attention before hand-
ing over large sums of cash to his 
favorite bookie. Failure to do so 
may result in a visit by two large 
Italians named Guido and Vinny. 

But those figures that I just don' l 
understand continue to loom omi-
nously. 

I'll give big money to anyone 
who can explain to me the signifi-
cance of red-tail bass fishing results 
in Ventura County or the impor-
tance of the chainsaw calibrations 
in the National Lumber Jack Cham-
pionships. 

Maybe Christiansen can explain 
it to me. If not, maybe I'll just look 
for Foreman. 

ond overtime. the Panthers' Stacey 
Freda wound up with the ball along 
the right sideline and lofted a pa s 
toward center. 

Four to Plymouth UCSD's Michelle Carbone and 
Continued from pace 15 Plymouth's Kelly Hurley both leapt 
mouth goal. to get a head on the ball , which 

Overtime started out badly for bounced off of both of them and 
the Tritons. Ele Johnson, who led caromed straight up. it returned to 
the team in points this season along earth a few yards to the left. Panther 
withPugh,collidedwithadefender, Mary-Bridget Pawlick saw the ex-
taking a knee to the thigh for her change and knifed into the penalty 
trou es just 45 seconds into the box, nailing a line drive off the 
extra period. She left the game with bounce for the only score Plymouth 
a deep bruise and would not retum. needed. 

With nine minutes to play in the "I was just in the right spot at the 
first overtime, a Triton comer kick right time," Pawlick said. 
ended up at the feet of UCSD's "It was a mistake on our part, 
Carrie Peer, 30 yards out. Peer rock- because everybody just froze. We 
eled a high shot that looked good but had too many players back there, 
hit the cross bar, ricocheting straight just waiting for someone else to do 
down before finally being cleared. something," McManus said. 

UCSD would come even closer "I thought that whoever scored 
to scoring. With only 10 seconds to the first goal would win the game." 
play in the intial overtime, Amanda Feldman said. "UCSD is a great 
Iohnson steamed 10 the left comer team and it could have gone either 
and fired a cross 10 Pugh. who was . way." . 
dead center and closing in on the It couldn't have gone either way 
goal fast. Pugh reached the ball and in yesterday's championship game. 
one-timed it from only three yards Plymouth was defeated 4-0by Tren-
out. But Wilhite, who was late re- ton State. Trenton had advanced by 

actin~ to the centering pass, some- beating host William Smith on pen-
how turned just in time to get her alty kicks, 4-3, on Saturday. 
hands up and deflect the high shot "We felt confident we'd done 
just over the crossbar. everything right:· McManus said. 

The goal that ended UCSD's5ea- "It's hard to lose when you know in 
son was the result of another bad • the back of your mind. you ' re a 
bounce, but this time Plymouth State better team. Maybe we're jinxed. 
was able 10 capitalize. With three When we needed a hil of luck, we 
minutes 31 seconds gone in tI1e sec- didn' t get it." 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

Men 's & Women's 
Includes CU[ , 
blow dry & ~1""lfJVU 

Ask for Tina or Ttri. Mon.-SlIt. 

CRFATIVE CUTS 
lWR&NAILS 

Creative styles at affonJabJe prices 

6780 Miramar Rd. # 108 
Walk-ins Welcome 
M-F 10-7, Sat. 9-4 

530-0590 

INJURED 
IN AN ACCIDENT? 
• All Types of Injuries • 

Call Today for a Free 
Legal Consultation 

232-0911 

,AT 15AT ' 
GMAT GR~ 

est Preparation Courses 
Exoerlenced Faculty 
Le:: Jre Course 
In-C ass Practice Exams 
Score In top 250" or taKe next 
course free 

Fo, . t re . orQcnU,. c all: '19121C>"579 
or wm *: Unlwera.t'y ot San OI~O 

r ••• Preoarwt1on Course. · S.rra 1't11l31, 
Alca la Pint. San 0.89G. CAt2 110 

!l!dliflO/U & ~eJ 
RESALE BOUTIQUE 

• Women's Clothing 
AcceSSOries 
• Newborn - Age 10 

Furniture 
• Toys & Books 

We Buy & Consign 

.558-111& • 
3979 Govemor Drive 

~ P () HTS II 

Coffiidering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't rOll 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make sure your project look its best when you 
Iwn it in. And ince you' ll probably be working on it Wltil 

the minute it' s due, it' a goo:! thing we nel'ertwn in. 

l(inl(o'sA 
the copy center 

OPE\ 2~ HOl'RS 

-

La lolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (ncar Ralphq 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
..... eo. .. 483-1852 

Which 

way 

did 

the 

bicycle 

go? 

Geometry and 
Math :1.7 



12 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novcmh .. rI5. 1993 
------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------~-----------

Rmmers Speed to Grinnell 
CROSS COUNTRY: 
Both men and women 
qualify for Nationals 
next weekend in Iowa 
By Jeff Praulht 
Staff Writer 

Despite the cold, wind and rain, 
UCSD'scrosscounuyteamsbattled 
their way into the NCAA Division 

III National 

CR~~5 
) 
~ .... ~ .. ~-/' ..... . ~. ~ .. "-t . ~. 
... " ~~ . 

~OUNTRV 

Champion-
ships by 
qualifying at 
Saturday's 
Regionals in 
Prado Parle. 

On a day 
when the 
men turned 
in a disap-
pointing ef-
fort, the 
women came 
away with 

one of their best races of the year. 
Freshman Hilary Ferreira paved 

the way for the women. She nar-
rowly missed cracking the 19-
minute mark for the first time by 
finishing at 19:02 in the five-kilo-
meter race, giving her a second-
place finish overall. She barely 
edged out Triton teammate Karen 
Hinkle, who finished third with a 
time of 19:04. Chandra Boydstun 
ended up fourth, crossing the finish 
line at 19: 10. These women earned 
the praise of Head Coach Ted Van 
Arsdale for their efforts. 

"Hilary and Chandra worked re-
ally well together. They certainly 

Junior Karen Hinkle 
executed their game plan well. All 
the girls ran an excellent race," he 
said. 

The rest of the women's team 
had to scramble to recover from a 
key mistake midway through the 
race. Jessie Therriault. Laura Peck 
and Jane Zimmerman were running 
in a tight group. waiting to make 
their move in the latter stages of the 
race. The group waited too long to 
make its kick. and the runners were 
forced to make up for the time they 
had lost. 

Therriault turned on the after-
burners and managed to finish in 
12th-place (19:44). Meanwhi Ie, 
Peck and Zimmerman were passed 
by teammate Sara Lyn Ruffalo, 
whose personal best time of 20:03 
gave her 18th place in the event. 

Overall, the strong performance 
of the women's 1·2-3 group gave 
UCSO (38 points) an easy win over 
its closest competitor, Claremont-
Mudd-Scripps (55 points). By fin -
ishing in the top two, both teams 

earned invitations to the Nationals. 
Although J.J. Castner continued 

to prove that he is the best runner in 
the region and Scott Leon turned in 
a personal record, the men's team 
couldn't overcome Claremont-
Mudd·Scripps, whose 47 points 
barely nipped UCSO (48 points). 

Castner chalked up yet another 
first-place finish by completing the 
eight· kilometer race with a time of 
25:25. 

"I felt much more relaxed this 
week. because there wasn't as much 
pressure on us. The competition 
wasn' (quite as tough," said Castner, 
who missed the course record by II 
seconds. 

Leon's time of 26: 17 was the 
highlight for the men. "£Leon) has 
steadily improved each week, and 
has narrowed the gap between 1.J. 
and himself. He handles the pres-
sure of the big race as well as any-
one," Van Arsdale said. 

As for the rest of the Tritons, the 
cohesive teamwork which was key 
to their successes at the Conference 
Finals two weeks ago didn't materi-
alize on Saturday. 

In that pack were Bryan Leek 
(26:30), John Walsh (26:31) and 
Mall Ringer (26:36), who finished 
11th, 12th and 14th, respectively. 

"Even though they were a little 
bit off, I think it was a good thing for 
the team. HopefulJy, we'll use this 
experience and realize that we can't 
have a letdown next week. It was 
beller to have an off-week this week 
than next week," Castner said. 

Even so, the Tritons accom-
plished what they set out to do -

• 
A 

Rhodes Walton finished 29th In the eight-kilometer race in 27:39. 
qualify for the Nationals. 

Now it is off to Grinnell, Iowa 
for next Saturday's National Cham-
pionships. 

The Tritons will also be wel-
comed by cold weather. It has been 
between 28 and 32 degrees the past 
week, and snow is a possibility. 

Experience may also play an im-
portant factor in determining 
UCSO's fate, but Van Arsdale feels 
his Tritons can get by. 

"Sure, experience matters, and 

we don't have a lot of it with our 
young team. But sometimes there 
will be new guys who aren't fazed at 
all. and I think we have some of 
those types of people," he said. 

All eyes will be on Castner. who 
has a chance to establi sh himself 
amongst the nation ' s el ite. 

" I know they want me to fini h in 
the top 25, but I'm shooting for a top 
10 fini sh, and maybe even top five. 
I know [ can nll1 with anybody out 
there. I just have to do il. " 

==-=. .=® 
- ---

- -
- -. ---
- - - -~----~----- _.-

Demon'strati ons 
November 1 8 - 1 9 

~HOLE 
10 am - 2pm 

NEW 

SIIAOE 

OF 

• 
10M 

C""I"" 

See the new Think Pad 750 

1,IA.iil1IU 
b,.,.,~A 

In front of the Bookstore 
Computer Department 534-4291 

Monday, November 15, 1993 

M. SOCCER: 
Curran's heroics put 
UCSD in Final Four 
Continued from .,..e 20 
missed adding another goal to his 
credit at 17:52. Robert Ripley beat 
his defender and crosSed a pass from 
the top right comer of the box to 
Romey, who promptly launched a 
screaming one-bouncer to the left of 
Keeley. Somehow, an off-balance 
Keeley got his right hand on the 
ball, slowing it enough to smother 
the attempt. 

The Triton defense, although a 
bit sloppy in the opening half,turned 
away several Roanoke runs at San 
Diego goalkeeper Michael Madden. 

Ken Bums anchored the defen-
sive effort. Nick Terlecky and Matt 
Chilton also came up big in crucial 
situations, most notably shutting 
down Roanoke's leading-scorers 
Dustin Fonder (64 points) and Andy 
Smith (34 points). 

Roanoke struck even at 71:34. 
Keith Amott led teammate Todd 
Hallauer to the left middle of the 
box. Hallauer looked to center the 
ball to the middle, . but ended up 
skyrocketing the pass toward the 
left post. Bums tried to head it out, 
but the ball grazed his shoulder and 
was redirected to the left post. A 
helpless Madden made a valiant but 
unsuccessful effort to stop its angle, 
but the accidental chip shot hit the 
left post and spun into the net, tying 
the score at I-\. 

"The shot was originally near 
post and I was on iI," Madden said. 
"I told [the team) right after. 'no 
worries, there was nothing you could 
do about it. '" 

But the UCSO offense never 
yielded. Just minutes later, Sergio 
Salvador sent a high-arching 
midfield pass to 6' 2" freshmanBrian 
Turner in front of the goalie's box. 
The taller Turner easily outleapt his 
defender and cut a gem of a header 
to the lower left post. Seemingly out 
of nowhere, Keeley flew in from the 
right side, pinning the ball against 
the low post and rolling forward for 
the spectacular save. 

"Turner swears the ball went over 
the line, but either way it was a big-
time save," Armstrong said. 

Oisappointment turned to fear 
when Romey violently collided with 
Keeley, twisting his ankle in the 
fall. A stunned crowd gasped as the 
Tritons' leading scorer limped off 
the field with six minutes left to 
play. 

"I didn't like it one bit," 
Armstrong said of losing Romey. 
"It was obvious the whole [Roanoke) 
defense relaxed when the big guy 
went out. Everybody was keying on 
the big lad." 

But not even a bullet to the head 
could keep the Triton star off the 
field for long. Romey reentered the 
match with four minutes left in the 
first overtime, 

"When he came back on, that 
was the turning point of the game," 
Armstrong said. "The crowd went 
bonkers and that lifted everyone." 

"[Romey] is a big guy and 
[Roanoke] was relieved to have him 
off the field," Curran said, "The 
intimidation factor he provides is 
irreplaceable. When he came back, 
you could tell that they tightened 
up." 

After two overtime periods and 
one sudden-death overtime, Curran 
finally ended the marathon match. 

"I think it was a bad pass and the 
defender who went back to get it 
wasn't running hard. S.:> I ran up to 
pressure him," Curran recapped. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Matt Chilton (right) Is beaten to the punch by Roanoke goalie. 

NCA 
Championship 

Williams UCSD 

Roger Kuo/Gu8rdl8n 

Udll Mcuowell/ uuarOfan 
Chris Romey (12) twisted his ankle on this play but later returned. 

"He tried to kick the ball by me, joyed Tritoll players swamped the 
but it hit me and deflected off hi s field . A capaCity crowd of close to 
shin straight toward the goal. First 800 spectators joined the on-tield 
thing I thought was to go fort he ball. melee. 

. I saw two white jerseys [UCSO'sT "I think our assistant coaches 
and one maroon one in my periph- were at the top' of the pile ," 
eral vision, so I stuttered a bit. The Armstrong said. "The crowd really 
keeper leaned to his left and at that kept us going in the ove rtime peri-
instant I laid a slot shot between the ods, so it WllS gre;! t to see them so 
keeper and the po I. excited. 

"I hit it pretty good, so I knew it "Idon ' teven remembertheend," 
was gOing in. Then I just turned Armstron!! tried to recall. '" was 
around and looked for someone to just bl<><XIY plea ed to get it over 
celebrate with. Next thing I know, with. It was bloody hard work. There 
I'matthe bottom of the pile," Curran was a lot of fee ling and I wu~ very 
said. pleased fonhe kids. They' ll relllelll-

Not just the exhausted but over· ber that." 

~ PO HTS 13 

USED 
L VIS 

COLORS • (UT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$09 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN· MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COOl S TUF F 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-0220 

, ---- - ---------------, 
I Unplanned Pregnancy? 
I Decisions to Make? 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Don't face this crisis alone-
We Provide 
• Free Testing 
• Shelter Homes 

• Medical Referrals 
e Practical Help 

No Need 10 Fee l Al one ... W e Can Help You . 

B .. CCumpl~ l r l y Con fldf'ntIJI - AIi ~~rvlce, A rp rrl'P) irthright 
277 S. Rancho Sante Fe Ad. 

SuileS 
san Matcos. CA 92069 

744-1313 

150·A N. EI CamtnO Real 
WIegand Plaza 

Enc/mtas. CA 92024 
942-5220 

L 24 Hr Hotline l -BOO-81J8- LOV E 
------------ ------ - --

Reef 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Flojos UCSD 10% OFF Big S izes 
with 'tudent 10 

Over 140 Bea ch & Leather Sandals 

.!.4 S~ 3761 MiSSion Blvd .. SO 92109 488·1134 

~J:; La~ C[]pit~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

_1 VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domino 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M F 96 hp 12 1 93 
SAT 10·1 WIth UCSD 10 

STUDENT CUTS 

Women 
Men 

$17 
$12 

Mondays & Wednesdays 

• Rejuvenating Shampoo • Makeup Touch,up 

AVEllA Pinwheels Salon, La Jolla 4150 Regents Park Row, Su i te 140 
ARml."-.OLOGY-THE .. \ R7 . .>..~D SCIE:--; E 
OF PL'RE FLO~'ER ... ~O rl..>..NT ESSES E.5 SS8·1834 



14 SPORTS 

FINAL 4: 
UCSD advances to 
11 th Final Four 
Continued from page 18 

"Our bench is playing excellent 
defense," Vesanovic said. "We are 
picking up balls we weren't picking 
up two weeks ago." 

They played great defense, made 
good adjustments a'nd attacked 
great," Athena Assistant Coach Rob· 
ert Okamura said. ''They did every· 
thing that makes UCSD, UCSD." 

The Tritons defeated SI. 
Benedict's 15· 11 , 15· 11, 15·3 on 
Friday to advance to the Western 
Regional Championship game. 

The.Blazers' big frontline burned 
like an unchecked fire in the nail· 
biting first game. UCSD came out 
flat and St. Ben' s 6'1" middle 
blocker Tina Kampa peppered the 
Triton defense early. 

For every hard·fought Triton· 
won point, the Blazers responded in 
kind. Tied 8·8, San Diego finally 
broke through behind Heather 
Holtzclaw's inspiring net play. 

Vesanovic, who ended the night 

_ill 

with nine kills, slammed home a 
backlinescreamerforthe 15· 11 win. 

The second game was also tied 
at 7-7, until Kranz (13 kills) un-
leashed a one-woman arsenal upon 
the Blazer defense. A stone wall 
stood no better chance of stopping 
the sen ior's bazooka barrage. Kranz 
extinguished the Blazers' fire, and 
any hopes of an upset, clearing the 
pathway to a IS- II triumph. 

"[KranzJ had a field day," 
Dannevik said. . 

Gamethreewa a 15-3 cake walk 
with Kranz providing the icing on a 
3·0 sweep. 

"It took a while for us to get into 
our rhythym but everybody fed off 
of everybody else," Kranz said. "Ev· 
erything felt good tonight." 

" It was fun to coach tonight," 
Dannevik said. "I was pushing but-
tons and they were doing it. We 
were really just damn good." 

Crotty's excellent play atthe once 
uncertain setter position drew praise 
from both coaches. 

"ICrotty) was on her game. She 
was deceptive and had great set se-
lections," St. Ben's Head Coach 
Carol Howe-Veenstra said. 

"00 •• roo...., 
~ ....... .a.w ..... 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jason 
Uz Vesanovic (left) watches Laura Kranz stretch for a dig. 

,.ut YO,ll: pr iI&~. .. .,i , •• '. -
'. ~, : .. ,.., ... ", 

. ,.~ 

With Vid you'll be atcepted at more than 
10 million places, nearly three times ~ore than American Express. 

And that's not a misprint. 

V"A. It's Everywhere You Want To Be~ 

'------------------------------___________ C>ViMU.SA.lne' 'W:J ____ ... 

Mor1da~' . Nuv(,IIII)!'I' 1:1 . 1993 

Photos! 
Photos! 
Photos! 

The Guardian has 
sports photos 

galore. 
Capture your UCSD 
sports heyday on 
film with a huge 

8x10 ($10) or 5x7 
($8) photo. Contact 
the Guardian sports 
office at 534-8582 
~r stop by our office 

In the Old Student 
Center for more 

Info. 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites". 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 
Communications Bldg. ~ 
Torrey Pines Center r..'t:o~~ 
No. Torrey Pines Info Booth 
Scripps Library 
Scripps Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall, Scripps 
St. Germain's 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs rA.,'b¢~ 
Vons v~\ 
Polar'S Yogurt 
Western Bagel 
Big Bear 
Soup Exchange k 
Subway '{ ,.\a~S 
Zebra Copy 
Milagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans 
Subway 
Roberto's 
Jeffs Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
La Cotija Mexican Food 
Swensen's \,'l:-
Soup Exchange ~~ 
Porkyland .,. 
Vons 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public Library 
Discafe 
Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Lucky's 
Cafe Toulouse 
Togo's 
Zanzibar 
Cafe Crema 
Boney's 
Sam Goody 
Vons 

,~,~ 
~'l:-~\ ~ ~i;' 

Soup Exchange 

Monday, November 15,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

F,..hmM Ele Johneon blows by Plymouth State defenders In Tritons' 1-0 overtime loss at Rnal Four. 

w. SOCCER: 
UCSD falls to 
Plymouth in OT 
ContInued from pale 20 
defenders had to struggle to clear 
several Plymouth State charges. The 
Triton offensive attack, which re-
lies heavily on long passes from the 
back, was also compromised. 

That isn't to say UCSD didn't 
have some chances in the opening 
half. About seven minutes into the 
game, Triton Daphne Farnum took 
a throw-in from teammate Eva 
Kingsbury deep in Plymouth State 
territory. 

Farnum quickly turned and fired 
from the left side. The ball crossed 
past Panther goalkeeper Jamie 
Wilhite, but Plymouth's Lisa 
Berberian was there and got her 
knee on the ball to end the threat. 

Seven minutes later. Farnum was 
again on the left· hand side when she 
centered to fellow Triton Ele 
Johnson, who was on the right side 
of the penalty box_ Johnson wasn't 
there for long, though. Panther de-
fender Jessie Brown went for the 
pass along with Johnson and simply 
shoved the Triton out of the way. 

It wasasignofthingstocome for 
UCSD, which has struggled with 
several physical opponents this sea-
son. The Tritons have instead relied 
on their speed, long passing game 
and ball skills to pull them through 
against rough-and-tumble teams, but 
on Saturday the weather alone took 
away those advantages. "We're just 
too nice of a team," UCSD Head 
Coach Brian McManus said. 

Plymouth State was giving the 
Triton defense a challenge as well. 
The 'Panthers had a number of op-

portunities, their best one coming 
with 20 minutes to play before inter-
mission. Lisa Freda centered the 
ball from the left side to Panther 
Christine Borque, who was 10 yards 
out from the goal. Borque got her 
head on it and redirected the ball, 
but UCSD goalkeeperCari Schwartz 
was there for the save. 

While UCSD had trouble with 
its standard longball-up-the-side-
Iines-then-cross offense, the Tri tons 
were at times able todribble through 
the Plymouth State defensive center 
with impunity. 

With 15 minutes to play in the 
half, Farnum did just that. Taking 
the ball deep in the penalty box on 
the right side, Farnum juked two 
defenders, stepped to the outside 
and around another Panther and tried 
a shot between the keeper and the 
post. 

As the half ended it became clear 
that, despite a number of opportuni-
ties and at least partial control of the 
game, UCSD had not established a 
rhythm in the first 45 minutes. The 
Tritons would be in trouble if they 
didn't hit a stride soon. 

With the wind at their backs in 
the second half, it appeared the Tri-
tons were back on track. UCSD 
owned the first 15 minutes of the 
half. pinning Plymouth State back 
in its half of the field. With the 
Tritons finding their game, all that 
remained was to hope their luck 
would change. It didn't. 

With 10 minutes gone in the first 
half, UCSD's AmandaJohnson went 
straight up the center of the defense. 
Taking the ball just past midfield, 
she out-ran and out-moved four Ply-
mouth defenders as she made her 
way inside the penalty box. Cutting 

We're taking a new little ~pproach to dental care. Convenient huurs 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fecs. All in" 
small but brand nell' dental office with videos ~lOJ current rcaJing 
matcrial to put you at ease Juring YlOur "isit. 

S;etrung to i 
Smile About: I 

$3900 Check up, I 
X·rays, I 

<0r.1 1 cancer screen, I 
gum exam, 
cbllling (doc not I 
induJe gum I 
tremmcnt ). I 
Rl~.$97 I 

{""/~"'~ ~'l.1 u,th "....til. 
", i' 1o.1.1(~1f'I ,,.J .. 

Ilhllrdli.~."TI(tlJ..J 
hj.,,(\ 1111 ~~H 

I 
I 

.J 

We' re committed [0 duing (lur bc>t [0 rrovide 
preventive, cl»metic. and rcstnrati\'c dcntal care tll 
keep your dental hills Jown, y"ur nllluth hea lthy. 
anJ \,<our ,mile hri~ht , Callu today. 

LA OllA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFlCE 
ames E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

Gencral. Prcvent.ltil·C, .1Ild Cosmetic ct'\'i~c~ 
,\\11. I UCSI) " " '''tiller "<'rC/)lcd • Rda.\~d. jr,cndlv 

cJlon,,,p/1crc • \ '"b"~IClco • Member ADA C()A. SIXDS 
La lolla Village Professional Center 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 

Top FI,.,r. )1111 "'·hllld Ille EIc/J/rallllJlIY 
EI~nll1~ & S,11Irr.~IY rr/lfJ<mlllncnt, oltl,ulhk 

1·5 at La Jolla Villilge Drive 558-3490 

to the right, she lau nched a ,hot that 
turned into a uc 0 corner "-ick . 

That play summed lip olle of the 
key factors of the game. The Pan -
thers were doingagoodjobnfmugh· 
ing up the Triton~ . But II hen the 
Tritons were able to mOl e and run 
north-south , Plymouth hall ~o ll1e 
troubl e containing the UCS D 
chances. "We createll chances. we 
just couldn ' t fini~h them off,'-
McManus ,aid. "That ', becn the 
story all year." 

After UCSD dominated the first 
15 minutes of the ~econd half. Ply· 
mouth State stalled to wake up, The 
Panthers were able to force the Tri-
tons' play, again knocking UCSD 
off balance. 

"The wi nd wa, a factor all during 
the game. But it lOok U, by \u rprise 
Iwhen the wind was tir,ull U SD', 
backl. It took u, a whik to recover 
but we adju~ted to it." Plymouth 
State Head Coach <lncy Felclman 
said. 

UCSD had one more of it, sev· 
eral key opportunities with twelve· 
and·a·half minut~' kit EI~ john,on 
took the ball clown the Iett·hand ,ide 
and centered. Teammate Carin Pugh, 
near the center of the box , took of 
after the ball, as did Wilhite. 

Wilhite and Pugh reached the 
ball at the same ti me, and it squirted 
free 10 yards from the goal. with 
Wilhite lying on the ground , It was 
another bad bounce for UCSD. as 
the ball rolled right to the Panthers' 
Sharon Caldwell, who cleared it out. 

The tinal three minutes of regu· 
lation were especially frU',trating for 
the Tritons, who spent all110st the 
entire ti me blasti ng a barrage 01 
shots within 35 yard!'> of the Ply· 

See W. SOCCER, Page 11 

Unlimited 
,Copies 
3.5~ ea. 

8.5 x 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or seH serve 

with thIS coupon 

.UII show '1ldlnllD, (Jplrci 121111 DJ 
415U Regents I'ark Row 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
457-1007 

POHTSIS 

Jfaircuts for the jfOl1©jlYS! 
at [SHN([SALON by Mendi 

Haircuts: 
Women $18 rce· $21 
Men $15 roc, $18 
Color: 
Tint $20 r .... $25 
HI-Lites $40.$50 rce· $45-055 
Perm.: 
Full $40-$50 rca, $45-<55 • 
Spiral $60 rca. $65 ana up 
Up Do'.:$15 

.Student discounts also given for nail services 

32151 Holiday Court, Suite 201 
(upstairs from St. Germain's) 
ra>:l~$T':;;1·i.,'1;%9IW",; "".",,:p:' 
Open: Mon.· Sat. Bam - Bpm 

Call for Appt. 

7536 Fay Ave. 

456 -88EW 

College ID/proof of age required. 

453-9477 

THE BES I COFFEE 
IN tHE FREE WORLD! 

COFFEE & TEA 
X935 Towne Centre Drive La Jolla 

Iiours Mon.- Thur~. 7- 10 Fri.- Sal, 7- 11 Sun. H-Y 
LIVE MUSI . EVERY \ EEKE () 

(!.,:t ,,;#t ~ r--------------------, I lhe portho •• of ony '10 or ,off .. drink wo hove mokes Ihl\ (OOporl ., . ' I 
I GOOD FOR ONE FREE REGUlAR SIZE I 

: CUP OF SCRfftMlNG HOT JOE~ : 
I (AND WE DONT MEAN STAUN!) I 
I Of IUI11 I 

~--------------------~ 

'" ' 

" 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\01 \CF'lr\r~ 
FRIENDS OF BILL W: New book study 
IM8t1ng 7p.m. Mondays at Lutheran 
Church across from Revelle campus -
comer of N. TOITIIY Pines and La Jolla 
Shores. Call Brad 566-6679 for more Info. 
(11/1·11 /15) 

MOOEUNGSCHOlAASHIPSAVAJlAEJl..E. 
Learn from the best. Auditions Personal 
Image+Modeling Center. 220-7616. 
( 1 0/25-1 212) 

Southeast AsIa AeIugae Oiscussion Panel. 
PepperQrlyonL.odge.Mon. l111&!nBp.m.-
1Op.m. Free refIashments S8M1d. (11115) 

Mandarin Coasl Restaurant. 755-4115. 
Monday dinner buffet. $5.99. 20 items. 
Pitchaf' beer. $3.50. BIg TV. (11115-1/10) 

Financial Aid/Scholarships lor Study 
Abroad. Information Session Monday, 
Nov. 15. 3:00p.m. International Center 
Lounge. (11/15) 

UCk~~(l"e LoO GI-~ 
These 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Cartoon Lagoon ........... 457-9798 
Fairmair's ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1 134 

UCSD EATS a DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Dim Sum ...................... 535-1 668 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Greek Cuisine .............. 558-ml 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
Pizza Nova ................... 458-9525 
Yakimono ..................... 4524255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........ .. 560-0325 
Skin Care by Lorraine .. 457-2100 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Athlete Cyciery ............. 2n-8255 
Dr. Becker. Chiro ......... 452-2882 
Being Rt ....................... 483-9294 
Birthright. ............ (800)484-LOVE 
Family Planning ........... 535-1 379 
Hema Care ................... 226-1 733 
Tan 4 Less ................... 455·0909 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla .......... 597-2020 
Dr. Selby. 0 .0 .............. 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
CD Sounds ................... 578-3472 
MUSic Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Councif Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Kinko's .. .. ..................... 457-3775 
Zebra Copy ........ ........ .. 457-1 007 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 

, UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 

UC$DETC. 
51. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Mission Fed. Credit Union .... 546-2035 
Nectar Surf & Sport ........ 753·6066 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS· 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use onLy), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payabLe to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.rn. Thursday for Monday S 
issue, and 3 p.m Monday for Thursday s issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more i'1tonnation 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500Gil11Ull1Drive, 
0316, La JoLla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Krav Magll. Self Delense class lor 
UCSD students and lacutty. Same 
system taught to many federal , state 
and local law enforcement agencies, 
Including FBI. illinois State Police, and 
SWAT. Easy to learn. Highly effective . 
Taught In a friendly . non-threaten ing 
environment. Class spaces are limited 
as a result of Individualized instruction . 
Reserve your space today I Cali 619· 
899-5317. (11/11-11/15) 

CHILD CARE . Missing persons . 
anyone knowing the current 
whereabouts of former Early Childhood 
Education Center employee GALE 
EDWARDS please contact Donald 
Lake. POS. 261135, San Diego. Ca 
92196-1135. (619) 431 -6332. (11115) 

WNTERSKI RESORT .x>BS. UpIo$2.ClOO+ 
insalary&benefits.SkiISnowboIWdInstruciJrs. 
lift operators. wM stall. chalet staff. + 0Iher 
positions. OVER 15.000 OPENINGS. For 
more inforrnab1 cal: (206) 634-<l469 ext. 
V5976. (1118-11122) 
POSTAL JOBS Available I Many positions. 
Great benefits. Call 1-800-436·4365. ext. 
P-3387. (11 /1-11129) 

Help Wanted. Babysitter tor 5-year old 
boy. Weekend evenings. UTC area. Call 
Karen 587-0358. (1118·11118) 

DRIVER WANTED. on-calf In La Jolla. 
$15 minimuml2hours, use my car. stlck-
shift. Call Karen 459·9516. (11 /11 -1212) 
Need a part· time. on campus Job? Apply 
at the UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Program I $6.OOIhrguaranteed plus bonus 
available I Raise needed funds lor UCSD 
education I Fun environment with other 
UCSD students! Visit 711 University 
Center (above Outback Adventures) or 
call 535-1433 for more infol (10/14-1212) 

OIspaEher-Glowing nasage C8f1IIIr in Oat 
M. IIeIcs twdMIrIdr", ~ Must 
type nin. 30 wpm. Good speIng .-q'd. $5.2S' 
hi' 10 sat; Spnsh bInguaI $6.00hY.-witI be 
Iestad. PT +FT stills available. Ask about 
borus programl Cal Select PersonnsI. 492-
9995. (1<W11-11/15) 

Wanted: Math major andlor computer 
person skilled to run gaming card math 
models in consultation with advertiser. 
$20 an hour. 280-<l479. (11/11-11115) 

NURSINGICOMPANION position desired. 
Professional. dependable + experienced. 
Live·in or hourly. References. 966-1651 . 
(11/11-11/15) 

SPRING BREAK '94-City of Lake Havasu. 
AZ is seeking responsible campus reps to 
promote largest Spring break in the West. 
Earn $$$ + Freetripsl Bill (619) 435-TRIP 
or (800) 4HAVASU. (11111 -1212) 

NEED CASH-WE DELIVER I NOW 
HIRING DELIVERY DRIVERS. Minimum 
18 yrs old with 2 yrs driving experience. 
valid drivers license + insurance. good 
driving record. Call the UCSD store at 
452-UCSD (452-8273) 3211 Holiday Ct. 
Stop by after 11 a.m. EOE.( 11/15·1212) 
COSMEDEAM TECHNOLOGIES. Pan 
dme OffIce Alllltant needed, 18-20 hrs pi 
wk daytime, Mon-Fri. for ~ biotech firm 
within walking distance 01 UCSD. 
PERFECT FOR RELIABLE STUDENT 
familiar with blamed library and Macintosh 
computer to perform general office and 
mall room duties Including phones. 
copying. ordering office supplies. on-
campus errands and oocasionaliy local 
errands. Type 30-40 wpm. Should have 
car. Fax letter of interest and resume to 
550-7075. attn : LH; or phone 550-7070. 
e)(1.110. (11/15-11122) 
ERRAND RUNNERS 00 shopping 
deliveries. pick-ups. ReasOnable rates. 
261-3213. Lve. msge. (1111 1-11 /15) 

Combo 
Plate 
DINNER 

TACO or TOSTADA, plus 
RICE, BEANS, & CHIPS 

Generous 
portions! 

Bean ilea and Tostado. Beef orchkken 50< extra . Expire. 11/30/93. 

[{.J~ll·]: I.I.l~'J: m 
5-8:30 pDllDesdays through Dee. 31 

LA JOLLA STORE ONLY 
1271 PRO'PIC' 

_._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.J 

·HIRING TODAY & FOA HOLIDAYS: 
Enthuslastlcstudents for flexible part-time 
positions starting at$12 per hr. CALL 793-
4473. (11/15-11122) 

ATTENTION : STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING Is now hiring branch 
operators for lhe summer of 94. Earn 
up to $15.000 and get the business 
experience of a lifetime. Call 1-800-
955-7557 , Positions filling fast 
throughout California. (11/15-1114) 

Wanted: part-time receptionist at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital. $7 per hour. 
musl type. Send resume to Ms. Lanza 
9850 Genesee Ave. '350. La Jolla 
92037. (11115-11/18) 

Wanted: after-school childcare 3·Sp.m. 
Monday-Friday. Must own car. Send 
personal Info to Ms. V. 9850 Genesee Ave 
1350. La Jolla 92037. (11 /15-11/18) 

I FOI: ~ \I.E 
' 78 VW Rabbit , runs well , some rust . 
S.750.QQobo . 456 -5232 Anthony . 
(11/1-11/15) 

FOR SALE: Desk chair $15: Art Easel 
(brand new) $115; drafting table , 
36·x48·. $70: wetsuits. S/M; surfboards 
5" ' ·-6"·: hiking boots. Asolo all leather 
7': $60 each ALL NEGOTIABLE. 587-
8672. (10/21-11/29) 

Srother word prooassor WP650. Like new. 
Indudesdisks and ribbons. $15Oobo. 587-
8830. (10128-11122) 
DEPECHE MODETICKETSIII San Diego. 
Nov. 16. $850bo: LA. Nov. 24, $6Oobo. 
Very good seats, Call Johnny 619·259-
8191. (11/1-11 /15) 

Guitars: Acoustic steel string. still in box. 
$75. Electric Memphis Telecaster, $85. 
586·7928. (11 /1-11/15) 

Monduy, Novcmh('I' 15, 14)1.)3 

GREAT TASTING WATER with 
countertop water filter: smart alternative 
to costly, inconvenient bottled water. 
QUICK installation . Removes lead , 
chlorine . more : Filters 10.000 gallons for 
only 2 CENTS PER GALLON. 272-4148. 
(11/4-1212) 

WIN CASH!! Learn how to get on game 
llhows and win. Proven techniques by 
former contestants. Free Details. Breakout 
Publications Dept.3A. PO Box 461 556, 
Los Angeles. CA 90046 or (310) 285-
8392. (1118-11 /18) 

Stairclimber. Precor 714. for sale. 
Practically new. $100. Call 270·1464. 
(11/8-11/18) 

Plane ticket: RT San Diego-Albuquerque. 
Leave San Diego Sp.m. 1 1122. re turn 
9:45a.m. 11 /29. $150. 452-8678, Andrea. 
(11/11-11118) 

CHEAP. Large wooden desk. six drawers. 
2 writing tablets. Just $30. Call 294·n4 7. 
(11/1 1·11 /15) 

4 Sale: Tseng ET4000 SVGA card (ISA) 
1024x768x256, $700bo. 622-1881 . Doug. 
(11 /11 -11 /18) 

HP 48-SX Scientific calculator. All 
documentation included. $95.00 558· 
6306 . (11/15·1 1118) 

Surfboa rd . 7 ' 8 " Egg . t ri-f i n. 
Excellent cond i t i on . $145 .00 . 
558 ·6306 . (11/15-11/1 8 ) 

Atari 520ST computer. complete system. 
About 4 years 01 use. Best offer. Call 297-
6322. (11115 ,1 1/18) 

'81 Honda Prelude 5sp. sunroof. needs 
some interior & body work. Runs great. 
$800. Roland 481-5047. (11 115-11 122) 

IBM Compatible, dual floppy. color monitor. 
printer & software. Funyexpandable. $SOD.DO. 
Anthony 428-4743. (11115-11 118) 

Ladies' Sid Stretch Pants. Blk. 52.8, never 
worn. Excellent quality. $40. Ann 941 -
2712. (11 /15) 

Oepeche Mode TICkets. Sat.. Nov. 20th, LA 
Forum. $50 each. Ann·941-2712. (11115) 

Plane Ticket. San Diego-San Jose 
roundtrip. Leaves SO 11 /24. leavesSJ 111 
29. 270·9144. (11/15) 

Brand new surfboard. 6'2" w/airbrushed 
rails. 2.25" thick, 18' wide. Call Jud 622-
0945. (11 11 5-1 1122) 
Thanksgiving weekend airline tickets. 
Roundtrip from San Diego to San 
Francisco. $110. 455·9431. (1 1/15) 

FOR SALE : Airline ticket. round trip-San 
Diego to San Jose. 11 123·11128. $180. 
Call Kelly 558-3684. 11 /15) 

one-of-a-kind 

designer 
leather 

vintage 
jeans 

TROUBLED BY 
ACNE? 

Get a 
FACIAL! 

Now only $3500 
Reg. $45 

RESUl TS C,UI\RI\ N TEED 

ElectrolYSiS • Waxing 
Lash Perm • Tints 
Club La JoUa 

7580 Fay Ave. in La Jolla 
457·2100 

Monday, November 15,1993 

REFRIGERATOR-Compact,32·hIgh,Uke 
.-. $eO. 454-7887. (11115) 
TlCKETSI2 tI. ptus batcony pas ... to 
Bad Brains at Iguana's. 11120. $30 
obo. Also 2 tlxlpasses to X. 12111. 
Gene 658-0160. (11/15) 

RT plane ticket to Sacramento: Leaves 
12111 (11 :55a.m.). returns 112(1 :45p.m.). 
$120. Maple 546-0358. (11/15-tll29) 

Must Sell 1987 Yamaha Razz scooter. 
Great condition. low mileage. $400 obo. 
Call Stacey 587-8136. (11/15-11/18) 

Honda Flebel 250-Under 10.000 miles. 
needs little cosmetics. runs great. Great 
tor beginner 558·1543. (11/15) 

1101 ~I '\L 
ROOM(S) AVAILABLE In La Jolla! 
University City townhouse. washerl 
dryer. cable TV. private parking space. 
pool. less than 1 mile from campus. 
East Parking shuHle stop right across 
the streel (so don't fight for parking on 
campus) , near busllnes. room can be 
furnished If desired . Non-smokers 
please. $395+ 1/4 utilities. Please call 
John at 457-9821 orTom at 296-1386. 
(10/21-11118) 

Female roommate wanted immediately. 
$300 plus t 14 utIIi1Ies. 4 miles from campus. 
Near bus line. Non-smoker. no drugs. 
Quiet. friendly environment. Ask for Jill at 
558-5938. (10125-1212) 

Master bedroom for rent. Own 
bathroom. Off Regents between LVJ 
and Nobel. POOl. jacuzzi. welghtroom. 
near 3 bus lines to school. One or two 
people. $450.00 or $275.00. Call 457-
3981 . (11/8-11/22) 

Room lor AInt in Del Mar. $45OImo. + 1 fJ utii. 
Own room. pooI,jacuui tBnnisOW1s. W8sher 
ROyer. Cal 792·7832. (1118-11115) 

Room for rent. 5 min. walk to campus. 
Cable. pool. spa. parking. Microwave. 
lowerlupper ovens. fully furn ished shared 
areas. expensive closets. $375.00 plus 11 
2 utilities. 455·5691 . (1118 -11122) 

Room for rent. 2br house In P8J\..a Jolla. 
2b1ks to beach, Utilities paid - $397.50. 
270-1464. (11/4-11122) 

Own room in Del Mar house wnh 3 UCSD 
undergrads. Garage, hot tUb, decks, 
across slreet form beach. $4251month + 
dep. Choose move-In dates. 792-16n. 
ask for Josh. (11/11-11122) 

Roommate wanted. Male/Female. 
Genessee Highlands near Costa Verde. 
Own room. washer/dryer. pool. $340.00 + 
113 Utilities. 452-9520. (11/11-11129) 

ROOMMATE WANTED - Own room In 
3 bdrm. condo. Near campus. Pool. 
gym. washer/dryer . No smoking. 
Available 12/18. $355/mo. + 113 ullis. 
457-1149. (11/11-11/29) 

Female roommate wanted. Available 121 
23. Pool, washer/dryer. cable, own 
bedroom. $348Imonth. Leave message 
625-0821 . (11115-1212) 

Female roommate wanted. $265. 3 
badroom.bigpool.jacuzzJ.10m1toUCSD. 
576-2356. (11/15-11/18) 

La Jolla. UTC, 3 bedroom townhouse for 
sale. Investment opportunity for studenV 
parent. cash flow. 453-5596. 521 -3422. 

(11/1~-1/10) 

Female wanted to live with two female 
students. Own room with canyon view. 
WashfK/dI:yer. Great location! 1.5miles from 
UCSD on busline near UTC. $350 month. 
Call Stephanie-550-0245. (11/15-11122) 

3 easygoing guys. 1 mile to campus. $2501 
month. All amenities. Adam. Dave. Erik 
554-0724. (11 /15) 

Male VA major. 29, seeking open-minded 
indlvldual(s) to find and share housing 
beginning 1/1194. QuieVresponsibie/non-
partiers preferred. Call Doug 273-8027. 
(11115-1212) 

Scripps Ranch HOME TO SHARE. 4br. 2-
112 battIs. spa. quIat-(I()Untry setting. sunny 
patio. secluded & private $400 per mo. 
695-8462. (11/15-11122) 

La Jolla Colony condo for rent. $2951mo. 
2 badrms. 2 baths, 2 carports. microwave. 
refrigerator. 450-3487. (11/15) 

DISSERTATIONITHESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization. proofreading. 
statistics. 20yrs. experience. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9/21 -1/13) 

La Jolla Barbershop. Quality Barbaring. 
Haircuts $8.00, 459-5792. (9/21-1212) 

VlolinNiolaLessons. You or yourchild(ren) 
can learn from an experienced , 
professlonat teacher. Now accepting 
student&- all ages and levels welcome l 
Call Conrad 466-{)525 (9121-1212) 

PASSPORT PICTURES I Only $5.95. 
While you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near 
SI. Germalns. 452-9949. (10125-612) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITING/REWRITING 
of papers . theses . dissertations. 
monographs. George fibbon. 299-2420. 
(11/1-11129) 

WORD PROCESSING/AUDIO 
TRANSCRIPTION. Professional. 
personable , very skilled. Graduate + 
research & book publication background. 
226-8446. (11/4-11129) 

WORD PROCESSING.IBMlMacintosh 
systems. APAl rush jobs speclalty-
spelling corrected . Burke Secretarial. 
Hillcrest 299-6618. (11/15-12/2) 

$$$$ SCHOLARSHIP SEARCH SERVICE. 
Undergraduate and greduate students. 

~ IIbrtry of 150.000 IIOI.IC8S at 
lunds. Matched to Individual sludent 
challCleristic:s (college major. aner. ethnic. 
minority. sports. talents. at) Many awards 
not based on grades orfinandai need. $60.00 
processing fee. Hurryl Deadlines are 
approeetingl Cal (508) 252-9011 or write: 
SCHOLARSHIP SEARCH SERVICe. 510 
Commoc IW8IIIth Averue. M230. Bostln. MA 
02215. (11115-11 /18) 

u C S D 

bike 
s H o p 

AIIlhoriud Fw Jl and A.le l,tI d •• ler BIKE 
every '93 in stock 

Raleigh C-50' reg , $339.95, $254.95 
94 Raleigh M-20Mountain bike $199.95 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 

Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday • 534-4279 

Full Service Shop Student Center 

Th, ' lfCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 17 

\\ \\TEI) 
MODELS NEEDED. TV. runway. swimsuit. 
calendar, catalog. print. Experienced + 
Inexperienced. Call Auditions. 220-7614. 
(1 0125-1212) 

Earn cash or movie tickets for research 
participetlon I College-enrolled men who 
speak English as a first language, have at 
least 20120 corrected vision, and had both 
parents living at home until at least age 
seven are needed for a doctoral 
dissertation study in Psychology. Sessions 
take 45 minutes. Help me get out of 
graduate school I Call Carrie at 527 ·On6. 
(1 1/11-1 1/1 8) 

Earn$1 00.00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on aIcohol's effects. II you are a Japanese . 
Chinese. or Korean. American-born male. 
call Scripps Research Institute for more 
Information, 554-7240. (9127-1212) 

Background artists and colorists are 
needed for a new comic book company. 
All interested call Kevin at 457·5020. 
(1118-11115) 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs healthy 
volunteers. ages 18 to 50, for a 2 hour 
study about eye blinking. $10 plus parking 
will be provided. Call Deb at 543-23 14. 
(11/11-11/29) 

CHINESE/ENGLISH SPEAKERS who 
moved to the U.S. after age 15 and lived In 
the U.S. at least 5 years are needed. Earn 
$25 for 2.5 hours. Call 453-4100. x453. 
(11/11 -11/15) 

Wanted: Gayllesbian college students to 
discuss their classroom experience. All 
discussions will be in confidential small 
groups with other gayllesblan students. 
Project conducted by gay researchers for 
graduate studies on the gayllesbian 
college experience. For information call 
594-5666 and leave message for 
Christopher. All calls returned discreetly. 
(11111-11115) 

LO~T \\1) 
1"01\1) 

Lost: Apalr 01 Ray·Ban sunglasses. SsN# 
on frame. If found, please call 587-7044. 
(11115) 

PEH~O\ \L~ 

r Paris ., 
$199' 

Frankfurt $225· . 
London $215* 
Miami $170* 
Honolulu $135* 
Seattle $ 79* 

-At! fmn att felCh WWt! based on a foundtflP 
purcl»st Taltts not Inclu~d SOme ftUuC-
"005 apply Studtnt sta'us may be 'tQUutd 
I.'./Ipasa .... " ..... .."." 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

Opel M .... TIes .• TlMrIl .• Fri. "5 Wed .• 10-5 

STOP THE PAIN NOW! 
.. . without drugs or surgery! 

• Headaches • Sports injuries 
• Arthritis • Auto accidents 
• Neck and back pain • Work injuries 

4275 Executive Square, Suite 220 

Initial Exam 
& Treatment 

Wllh thiS ad 

452·2882 
I)r. ~lOIl . ' . Bl·ll,.CI' • C "lrI"d' IlI t"I" "1,, ' 1,,,'1 , 1' 1" '''t .11I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Congratulations AXn volleyball & tennis 
playersl Good luck toour awesome foolball 
team! (11/15) 

KAPPA DELTA PHI KAPPA DELTA 
PHI KAPPA DELTA PHI KAPPA 
DELTA PHI. To the s·isters of KAPPA 
DELTA PHI. What an exchange !!! 
What a blast'" Thank you Irom the 
brothers of BETA OMEGA PH I. 
BETA OMEGA PHI BETA OMEGA 
PHI BETA OMEGA PH I BETA 
OMEGA PHI. (11/15) 

PIZZA PASTA I 
: ro", "ollie 1111'11.''' frQm "ollie ","ell it CO/IW to n .!lood oldfn,"iollcd IIIcnl. I 

• ALL You CAN EAT! $599 : 
I SPAGHETTI rncludcs : 

DISClUN' WITH UCSD ID DINNER &,upu, .. I.d I 
Congratulations to Alpha Omicron 
PI 's ISS tennis champs . You guys 
were awesome l love. Your Sisters . 
(11/15) 

Ome in Not valid wf/h . garlIC bread 

Become a VIP Member & (t\'rn 
SAVE TIME ~~e~y~~ ~1:~::s~i9hl 4UilWiBclmlimtliJl)illiL1;. 

SAVE"s NO COVER CHARGE or 
2 for 1 - 50% Off Everylhing ONL" $ 3 7 50 

SAVE,S RESTAURANT 2 for 1-50% Off I • each 
Includes follow up discounts every time (Regularfy $130) Act Now & Sav. sSS· ~ Get Up to 

SAVE's ~t! r~::~D~~~~UNTS 112 Free Monthslll Students Onlyl 
SAVE Includes Merchant Service Directory • Mus! pr_1his ad lor discm • list,.. D. 012 for litis pm 

to 100's of Other Discounls ·111lJ11 be a new ,... • Mal del willi .!&sen . 

Call 226-1121 

-



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

1113 NCAA Division III Women's Volleyball Champlonsh.p 

.W8shlnjftQo{MC" 
Washlnltton 

illinois" .... 

Eau Claire 

Oshkosh • Eau Claire 

-. Benedictine 
• Benedictine 

_ Kalamazoo 
• 

-

St. Norbert 
-

I 
Whitewater 

• St. Norbert 
_ Rochester 

• Rochester 
_Ithaca 

Cortland State 
I 

Stonv Brook 
• Stony Brook 

-

Bates 
I Bates 

Eastern Conn. st. I 
Brockport State 

Rochester Inst. Rochester Inst. 

Washington 

Washington 

Benedictine 

Rochester 

Rochester 
Inst. 

Rochester Inst. 

FIMI 
Nov. 20 

;.", 

~ 
I 

I - I 
NetIoMI '*-PIon 

" 

;.. .: 

v. ~ 
• 

1 

W:" 

Juniata 

Juniata 

Thomas More 

Claremont-M-S 

UCSO 

',.) 
., '," 

, UCSD .. 
. ' .¢-~y:", 

.. ' 
.. ~:~: '\r~J1J 

Monda y , NowllIlwl' 15. 1993 

Juniata . 

John Carroll 

1st Roiiod 
Nov. 10 

Juniata 
I 
I GetlYsburl! 

Guifford 

I John Carroll 

Wittenberg 
Ohio Northern I 

L Ohio Northern 

Marvville 

Thomas More Thomas More 

Claremont-M·S 
Claremont·M-S I 

L Red lands 

Occidental 
I 

Trinity I Trinitv 

st. Olaf 
St. Benedict I 

• St. Benedict 
~.:, .~ 

Pomona·Pitzer 
I 

" UasD I UCSD 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Roger Kuo/ Guardlan 

Tritons Extinguish Blazers, Claremont 
VOWYBALL: UCSD set to face Juniata after walloping Claremont, 3-1, to advance to their 11th Final Four appearance in ] 3 years 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's volleyball 
team will return to the NCAA Divi-
sion III volleyball promised land 
next weekend. after crushi ng 
Claremont College 15-6. 8-15, 15-
9, 15-6 in the Triton-hosted West-
ern Regional Championship last 
Saturday. 

Once again Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik has the Tritons, who are 
11-0 in regional championship 
matches, in contention for a seventh 
national championship banner with 
which to hang upon the hallowed 
walls of the Triton Main Gym. 

UCSD (24-9) will face host 
Juniata (41-3) in Pennsylvania next 
weekend. Defending national cham-
pion Washington University (42-2) 
battles Rochester Institute of Tech-
nology (41-7) in the other semifinal. 

San Diego, which sweptthe Col-
lege of SI. Benedict's Friday night 
in the Western Regional semifinals, 
struck first blood in game one. 
Sophomore Joyce Lee's sizzling 
serve to start the match resulted in 
chaos for the Athenas' backline. A 
botched spike off a poor set put the 
Tritons up 1-0. 

I 
, 

back attempt, deadlocking the score, 
12-8, but Harvey's rocket cross-
court winner took the tire out of the 
Athenas' resurgence. A Kranz ham-
mer to the right back line ended the 
game 15-9. giving UCSD a 2·1 ad-
vantage. 

"The 12-8 stand off was the dif-
ference in the game." Dannevik said. 
" Illook 1001' II triestoscoreapoi nt 
and that can be very fru ~traling. 
That kind of frustralionusually leads 
to shanks, shots out of bounds and 
rushed play. Whoever could break 
out of that lock would have more 
momentum. " 

In the deciding fourth game. 
Claremont temporarily grabbed the 
lead at 2-0. But seller Amy Crotty 
rallied her troops. poking trick sets 
into the Athenas' middle and ex-
pertly assisting Vesanovic, Harvey 
and A skeland wi th winners to every 
area of the court. 

UCSD put poi nl. on the board so 
fast. Clare mont spent more time 
piCking itsel f off the sk in-burned 
floor than returning anything the 
Tritons grilled their way. 

At 9-3, Kranz shattered the sound 
barrier with a sizz ling bullet slraight 
into the face of Alhena fr.:shman 
Caroline Vlasis. who received a ore 
welcome 10 the dominating world 
of San Diego vo lleyball. 

Vesanovic's spike 10 an open 
middle court mercifu lly ended the 
match. 15-6, and advanced the Tri -
Ions to ils II th Final Four appenr-
ance in 13 yenrs. 

Claremont, which earned the un-
fortunate task of facing the Tritons 
with a five-set vic tory over Trinity 
Universi ty on Friday. refused to be 
intimidated. The Athenas tied the 
score at I - I and held tough when 
trailing 3-2, but San Diego'soutside 
hitting corps of Julie Harvey, Liz 
Vesanovic and Laura Kranz over-
whelmed their competition. quickly 
running the tally to 11-3 before yield-
ing another point. 

Jason Hltcnlel Guarolan 
Junior Julie Harvey (left) and Krlsl Askeland stuffed St. Benedict's and Claremont's hopes for an upset. Brault acknow ledged the strength 

of UCSD' offense, but pinpointed 
its defense a~ the underlying fac!or 
in the Tri Ions' sll cces~. 

At 13-6, Kranz put on a serving 
school. Claremont fai led to contro l 
two gravity-bound spinnersoverthe 
middle and UCSD led 1-0. 

A combination of strong block-
ing anda tricky scoringduoof Zalika 
Milton and Vanessa McKenzie al-
lowed Claremont to jump out to a 6-
4 advantage in the second game. 

"We controlled the net in the 
second game," Claremont Head 
Coach Vicki Brault said. "We tried 
to work on adjusting our block and 
following certain hitter ." 

The Tritons closed the gap to 6-
5 behind a Kristi Askeland stuff of a 

McKenzie slam attempt , but 
couldn ' t stop the Athenas from 
storming their way to a 12-5 lead. 
. Dannevik turned to his bench, 
and freshman Christine Chi, play-
ing in her first NCAA playoff game, 
sent a blistering spike down the right 
side to make it 12-6. 

But UCSD conceded the game to 
Claremont. 15-8. lying the match 
score at 1- I. 

"Claremont ran a particular play 
10 their big hiners in game two and 
we were not in the proper defense," 
Dannevik admined. "Il took me a 
while to decide how to change our 
defense. They were running a fast 
offense in the second game but it 

didn' t work against us in the third 
and fourth games." 

The Tritons responded early in 
the third game. Kranz, Vesanovic 

and Harvey were up to Iheir old 
tricks. pounding balls to all areas of 
the court and grounding the Athenus 
net-blocking defense. 

According to Dannevik. it wa 
the freshman. Chi. who et the tone 
for the third and fourth games . 

"That big kill (in game two) al-
lowed her to gain some confi -
dence:' Dannevik said. " When she ' 
in. she occupies Ihat middle. We ,et 
her 17 limes and the Claremont 
blockers were forced to Slay at home. 
ThaI created a lot of' one-on-one 
outside hitting opportunitie, for 
[HarveYl, [Kranz] and [Vesanovicl. 
and they pounded the ball." 

Claremont made a late come· 

"Their dekn~e IV,'" incredible." 
Brault sa id. "They be,lt u~ down 
mentally with their defen~e and de-
fense i ~ what wi llS chal1lpioll~hips." 

"[CrollY] played :llleSOllle de-
fense:' Alhena A ~~i,tant Coach 
Robert Okumuru agreed. "She must 
have had a half-dozen pancake ups. 

he wa, excellent. il lI as a great 
effon on her part." 

Ve~an\l\'ic regist~red IJ ~i ll s, 
Kranz nailed I ~ ami H~ln ey fin-
ished II ilil I O. Crotl~ til,hed l)lIt.j.j 
ass i~ts and 2.j dig,. Cl:tr<'nllll1t' 
Milton led e\'e ryon~ Il lIh 15 ~i ll ,. 

See FINAL 4 , Page 14 

Munday , NnvClllbm' 15, 194)3 The UCSJ) CUHnlinn 

cC@§Jo B 
EWSFLASHE 

CONSTlTurJONAL 

CONVENTION 
The Associated Students' Consti-
tution Is going to be re-wrltten. 
This will Impact EVERY student at 
UCSDI You can be on the drafting 
committee. No experience Is 
required; you just have to be 
concemed with the future of 
student life at UCSD. Appllc~ 
tlons are available on the third 
floor of the Price Center or call 
534-4450 for more Information. 

GET INVOLVED! 
Many positions are available on 
campus-wide Issue committees. 
Have a vote In the Mure direc-
tion pf UCSD. Just a few of the 
Committees are: 
Chancellor's AdviSOry Committee 

on Afflnnatlve Action 
Campus/Community Planning 

Committee 
Transportation Policy Committee 
Parking and Transportation 

Issues Committee 
Student Subcommittee on 

Affirmative Action 
Transportation and Parking 

Advisory Committee 
UCSD Park Committee 
Vehicle Accident Review Board 
International House Planning 

Committee 
To learn more call 534-4450 or 
pick up an application on the third 
floor of the Price Center. 

PuBLICITY MANAGER 
A Publicity Manager Is needed for 
the Associated Students. A great 
way to get involved In student 
government and great experience. 
For more Information call 534-
5307 or come by our offices on 
the third floor of the Price 
Center. 

PosmONS AVAILABLE 
The following positions are 
available In the AS Academic 
Affairs office: Researcher-
Student Voice, Researcher-
Academic Senate, Committee 
Coordinator, Project Coordinator. 
Call 534-4450 for more Informa-
tion or stop by the third floor of 
the Price Center for an applica-
tion. 

IMPoRTANT MECHA MTG 
Today's meetln, topics are the 
Chicano Concllo and the Cross-
Cultural Center (which Is being 
put together by MEChA and other 
cultural organizations. We need 
all Mechlatas to come and show 
their support. Graclasl Monday, 
November 15, 5:00pm In Gallery 
A of the Prlca Center. Call 534-
4994 for more Information. 

SUN GoD COORDINATOR 
The Associated Students Is 
search Ina for someone to coordi-
nate the annual SUn God Festival . 
If you aspire to lead this exciting 
event, pick up an application at 
the Associated Students offices 
on the third floor of the PrIce 
Center. Or call 534-4450 for 
more Information. 

POLmCAL FILM SERIES 
CWO Political Film Series pre-
sents SeIC and Justice on Novem-
ber 19. Upcomlna movies Include 
Rosa LUlCemburg on November 26 
and IndoChlne on December 3. All 
movies are in Solis Hall 107 on 
Fridays at 7:00pm and all movies 
are freel 

SHOPPING SHUTI'LE 
Check out the new Associated 
Students Supermarket Shuttle. 
Tuesdays-Marshall(6 :30pml, 
Mulr(7:00pm), Revelle(7 :45pm} 
Wednesdays--Warren(6 :30 pm) , 
Flfth(7 :OOpm) 
Space Is limited so get there 
earlyl 

VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
Applications for Winter quarter 
elementary school tutoring are 
due Tuesday, November 23. Pick 
up and return applications at the 
Colunteer Connection on the 
second floor of the Price Center. 
For more infonnatlon about ASK, 
call 534-1414. 

CHOLESTEROL SCREENING 
$5 for students. Drop by the 
Student Health Service on Monday 
from 1-2:00pm, Wednesday from 
1-2:00pm, or Thursday from 2· 
4:00pm . 

QUIT SMOKING! 
Feel like quitting? If you're like 
most smokers, you'd love to quit 
the habit. try to quit for 24 
hours. Or, If you don't smoke, 
why not adopt a smoker and help 
a friend quit. Join the Great 
American Smokeout. Thursday, 
November 18. Call 534-2419 for 
more information . 

SOLO PRESENTS AHA! 
With Blue Robbins, Assistant 
Resident Dean, Muir College. 
Tuesday, November 16th, 
7:00pm In the Price Center 
Davis/Riverside Room. AHAI Is 
the Idea, the creative spark that 
pops In to your brain unexpect-
edly. Discover your AHAI at this 
Innovative seminar. For more 
Information, call SOLO at 534-
050i. 

COMEDY?! 
Do you like comedy? Want to 
work on bringing comedians and 
comedy groups to campus? Come 
to the first UEO Comedy Meeting 
on Tuesday, November 16th at 
4:00pm In the Price Center San 
Francisco/Santa Cruz Room. For 
more Information call Linda at 
534-4119 . 

COMFoy?! 
Do you like comedy? Want to 
work on brtnglng comedians and 
comedy groups to campus? Come 
to the first UEO Comedy Meeting 
on Tuesday, November 16th at 
4:00pm In the Price Center San 
Francisco/Santa Cruz Room. For 
more Information call Linda at 
534-4119. 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get 
Involved In Student Gevernment. 
There are many opportunities 
ranalng from External Affairs to 
Student Advocacy to Publicity. 
Our offices our on the third floor 
of the PrIce Center. Stop by 
anytime to discover the many 
ways to get Involved or call 534· 
4450 for more Information. 

ARMENIAN STUD Assoc 
Attention all ASA members and 
people who .re Interested In 
Jolnlna-our next meetln, will be 
on Thursday, November 18 at 
6:30 pm in the Price Center 
Irvine Room. Please join us to 
give your opinions and to partici-
pate In puttJng together upcoming 
events or to just meet people and 
have a good tlmel . 

AS MEETINGS 
The Associated Students Council 
holds meetings every Wednesday 
night at 6 :30. 

FRENCH CONNECTION 
French speaking students of all 
levels come join the new, reo 
lalCed, and exciting French Club 
where you can practice your 
French and at the same time have 
great fun doing it. Call Alain at 
458-6890 or Helgu~ aat 587-
1755 for more details . 

MUIR REps NEEDED 
Muir representatilies are needed 
for Cultural Programming Finance 

o \ S ,\L E T l' E S IJ .n 
\ 0\ Ell 8 Ell 9 

Board. Please pick up an applics- ~~~~~~~!~!~~~~!~~! tion on the third floor of the Price 
Center. 

MUSLIM STUDENT Assoc 
Is Islam a Threat-·Overcom ing 
the Stereotypes. Come and see a 
video presentation and speaker 
who will try to clear distortions 
and misconceptions on Muslims 
and Islam. Wednesday, 11/17, 
6:00pm in WlH 2205. 

MOVIE NIGHT 
Free showing of "Slaying the 
Dragon " and discussion on Asian 
and Pacific Islander Women's 
Issues. November 16. 7 :00pm in 
Price Center Gallery B. Call 
534-2048 for more information . 
Brought to you by Asian and 
Pacific Islander student Alliance 
and Sisterhood Across the Waves . 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
We will be showing · Cry Free-
dom" and will have a guest 
speaker and discussion about 
human rights in Africa. 11/17. 
7:00pm in Peterson Hall 108. 
Call Matt at 458-9094 for more 
Information. 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS 
Mev It Please The Court. The 
controversial new book and 
cassette package by UCSD 
Professor Peter Irons is be ing 
sold by Groundwork Books for 

. $15.00 below list price . On ly 
$60.00 
TABLE TENNIS Assoc 
The Table Tennis Club on campus 
has resumed its normal meetings . 
We play at the rec conference 
room on Wednesdays from 8 :30 
to 11:00pm and Fridays from 
6 :00 to 10:00pm. We have 
players of all abilities. Anyone Is 
welcome to come. For. informa-
tion please call Marlo at 587-
6070. 

"NOCHE DE AMISTAD" 
Get together with fellow students 
and enjoy lots of food and great 
muslcl November 22. 6 :00pm at 
MTF 168. Sponsored by 
Chicanos/Latinos for Creative 
Medicine . 

PHYSICAL THERAPY CLUB 
The Physical Therapy Club Is 
having a meeting on November 16 
at 5 :00pm In the Davis/Riverside 
Room. The guest lecturer is an 
Occupational Therapist. Call 
Marianne at 571-1313 for more 
Information . 
MOVIE MARATHON! 

HARRISON FORD IS 

THE FUGITIVE 

C I t r T J'l c :ll.rc 
6:30 9 :00 11.:30 

Thurs. 
Nov.IS 

tIckets : 
$ 1 in advance 
5;2 day of sho~ 

present:ed by A.S PI·ogl ·. I"'l.n~ing 

NOV' 22 
8:00 PM 
Price Center Ballroom 

On Sale Oct. J9rlX 
P.C. Box Office 18ANDUP 

A.S. Newsflashes is produced by the Associ· 
ated Students of UCSD. Student organizations 
may advertise In the A.S. Newsflashes by 
filling out the form located outside the A.S. 
Secretary's office, third floor. Price Center. 

Attention all campus residents I 
ICRA presents the f!rst free 
UCSD movie marathon: Airplane, 
Heathers, and (at midnight) Evil 
Dead II. It begins at 8:00pm of 
Friday, November 19 In the Price 
Center Theatrel 

I Submissions are due each Wednesday at noon 
for the next Monday's edition. 

-19 

.. 

-

-



.. 

, 

20 SPORTS The U 'U GuardiaJl Monday. NO\'f'IIIIH'1' 15. 11)93 

Tritons Maroon Roanoke, 2-1, in OT 
MEN'S SOCCER: UCSD's Todd Curran scored 
the winning goal in the second sudden death OT 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

In what was probably the most 
memorable scene in Triton sports 
history, senior Todd Curran left-
footed the game-winning goal 19 
econds into the second sudden-

death overtime period to give host 
UCSD a dramatic 2-
I victory over 
Roanoke College in 
the quarterfinal 
round of the NCAA 
Division III Men' s 
Soccer Champion-
ships on Sunday. 

The Triton tri-
umph advances fifth-
ranked San Diego to 
its fifth final four ap-
pearance. The host 
site will be chosen today. 

UCSD (19-2-1) looks to repeat 
it 1988 and 1991 NCAA National 
Champion performances against 
top-ranked Kenyon College of Ohio 
(16-0-4), which crushed Wiscon-
sin-Ohio, 2-0 on Sunday. 

In the other semifinal match, sec-
ond-ranked Williams College of 
Massachusetts (14-0-1) will meet 
22nd-ranked Clarkson College of 
New York (14-3-1). 

The weather could have worked 
against host UCSD in its quarterfinal 
match. Biting cold winds and an 
early-morning shower soaked the 

Triton playing field, and both con-
ditions favored the 19th-ranked Ma-
roons (20-4), visiting from the often 
damp and chilly East Coast climate 
of Virginia. 

Triton Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong said he didn't feel that 
the weather was an obstacle, how-

ever. "It really 
wasn ' t a problem," 
he said. 

UCSD drew 
first blood in the 
foul-ridden contest, 
21 :46 into the 
game. Curran re-
ceived a Chris Fong 
pass in the left cor-
ner of the field and 
proceeded to set up 
a one-man work-

shop on the Maroons' defense. 
Curran faked to his left, cut right 
and lofted a beautiful hanging floater 
over Roanoke goalie Rick Keeley to 
the far right post. Erik Waldman 
came charging in from the top of the 
box, anticipated the tlight of the ball 
and in mid-air, angled a picture-
perfect header to the center of the 
cage to give UCSD a 1-0 lead. 

"It was a pretty goal," Armstrong 
said. "Working the back post is 
something we've been practicing." 

Chris Romey, the Tritons' 6'3", 
225-pound scoring menace, barely 

See M. SOCCER, Page 13 

J 

Final Four Fallout 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: Traveling Tritons toppled, 
1-0, in overtime by Plymouth State Panthers 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

GENEV A, NY - Slam a ball 
into the ground and it could bounce 
in anyone of many directions. But 
for the UCSD women's soccer team 
at the NCAA Final Four this week-
end, it only bounced in one direc-
tion - the wrong one. 

In a game that brought back bit-
ter memories of last year's Final 
Four defeat, the Tri tons (17-1 -1) 
dropped a 1-0 overtime decision to 
Plymouth State (16-3-1) on Satur-
day. 

UCSD, which has visited the Fi-
nal Four five times in the last six 
years but has only captured the title 
once, in 1989, was the victim of a 
number of factors - the weather, 

physical play and the lack of a strong 
scoring punch. Despite those ob-
stacles, the Tritons were able to dic-
tate much of the contest, until they 
simply couldn't overcome the last 
challenge - bad luck. 

The Panthers and UCSD battled 
for control of the game eariy, when 
they weren't battling the elements, 
that is. Although considered a balmy 
day by upstate New York standards, 
the temperature struggled to reach 
the 40s. Of more concern to the 
teams was a blustery wind that would 
give a kite nightmares and some-
times made kicking a soccer ball 
like trying to boot a helium baloon . 

UCSD had to play into the wind 
the first half. As a result, the Triton 

See W. SOCCER, Page 15 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Senior Todd Curran (far lett) and Erik Waldman (4) teamed up for the Tritons' first loal of the 
Tritons 2-1 second sudden-death overtime victory over Roanoke Collele of Virginia. 

WHAT'S INSIDE 
-

:: :,.:.. N C A A C HAM P ION S HIP 5 
":!I'. ..... ' "'~- ,. - . 

Cross Country Races Into Iowa 
Both the men's and women's cross country 
teams qualified for the NCAA Division III 
Nationals on Saturday, Nov. 20, in Grinnell, 
Iowa. J,J. Castner (above) led the men and 
Hilary F.erreira, Karen Hinkle and Chandra 
Boydstrun paced the women at Regionals. 

Volleyball Set For Penn. 
The Tritons defeat ed l. Be ndie·t and 
Claremont College on their way In rapturing 
the NCAA Division III We:,; Ie I'll l1egiullul 
Champion hip 1<1~1 wt!l'kf'nd. :-'w('oIHI-l'Ilnkt'd 
UCSD will fuet' hosl .luiliulu ill Harringdoll. 
Penn ylvania next \\eekt'IHI. 

GUARDIAN ATHLETES·OF-THE-WEEK 

Senior outside hitter '-II Kr.z wreaked havoc 
upon the defenses of St. Benedict's and Claremont College 
in the NCAA Division m Western Regional Volleyball 
Championship this weekend. 

Kranz had 25 kills, 27 digs, seven block assists and six 
service aces in the Triton triumphs over both clubs. Kranz 
unloaded four-straight winners in the decisive second 
lame alainst St. Benedict's. 

"Kranz had a field day," UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik said of her performance. 

Senior Todd CUft'811 scored the winning goal 19 
seconds into the second sudden-death overtime, lifting 
the Tritons to a 2-1 victory over Roanoke College of 
Virginia in the quarterfinals of {he NCAA Di\'ision III 
Men's Soccer Championships. 

Curran also had an assist on UCSD ' s tirst goal of the 
game-lofting across pass to teammate Erik Waldman. 

"[Curran] has been playing really well these last four 
weeks," Triton Head Coach Derek Armstrong suid. "He 
picked a great time to stan turning it on." 

COLOR 


