
ELSEWHERE 

Runoff Election for 
City Council Seat 
SAN DIEGO -In a primary 
held last Tuesday, the race for 
the San Diego City Council's 
District I seat, which includes 
La Jolla, has been narrowed 
down to two candidates. Harry 
Mathis, a partner in a public 
relations firm, will face former 
mayoral hopeful and UC Irvine 
Professor Peter Navarro in a 
runoff election on Nov. 2. 
Mathis and Navarro received 
8,814 and 8,553 votes respec-
tively, while a third opponent, 
San Dieguito Union High 
School Board President Deanna 
Rich finished with 3.032 votes. 
Mathis said he expected the 
campaign for c.ity council to 
intensify now with only two 
candidates and less than six 
weeks before the final election. 

ASUCSBto be 
Hooked Up to EooMall 
SANTA BARBARA-
Campus computer experts will 
meet with UCSB's Associated 
Students legislative and 
executive officers next week 
in an effort to 'make student 
government accessible via the 
electronic information 
highway. The meeting is part 
of an effort to improve A.S. 
communication, particularly 
through electronic mail. "We 
want to see a practical 
demonstration," said A.S. 
President Geoff Green. "The 
A.S.-student connection is 
what we would be immedi-
ately interested in." 

Protestors Delay 
Tel""" Salute 
TUSCON, AZ - Ten 
protestors were arrested last 
week after trying to block the 
dedication of two telescopes at 
Mount Graham, Arizona. 
Environmentalists have 
claimed the,telescopes further 
endanger the red squirrel, 
while some San Carlos 
Apaches say-the Mount 
Graham Observatory des-
ecrates an area they consider 
sacred. 

I •• I •• 

DAZED 
.... , . .,.. 

_'lUI': An inierview . 
with director Richard -
Linklater 111 

SPORTS: Men's and 
women's soccer swept Cal 
Poly Pomona " 

I • D • X 

UCSD BRIEFS ........................... 2 
CALVIN a HOBBES ................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
CLASSlflmS ........................... 10 
SPORTS .................................. I~ 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1993 VOLUME 80, I , E 3 

Court Places New Restrictions on Irons 
TAPES: Professor will 
have to seek permission 
to make new recordings 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

The United States Supreme 
Court has told the National Ar-
chives that if UCSD Political Sci-
ence Professor Peter Irons wants 
to copy any more tapes of oral 
arguments from the archives in 
Washington. D.C., he must first 
get permission from the Supreme 
Court's marshal. 

Wong, writing at the direction of 
Chief Justice William Rehnquist, 
told acting Archivist Trudy 
Peterson that, "in light of [Irons'] 
actions and his willingness to vio-
late the agreements he signed, fu-
ture requests for copying audio-
tapes by Mr. Irons or by any project 
with which he is associated, should 
be considered a request for 'com-
mercial use or broadcast' under .. . 
the agreement between the court 
and the National Archives and 
should be referred to me for con-
sideration." 

audiocassette series published this 
month which contains oral argu-
ments from 23 landmark Supreme 
Court cases selected and edited by 
Irons. In order to get access to the 
original tape recordings from the 
National Archives, however, Irons 
had to sign an agreement promis-
ing not to duplicate, distribute or 
broadcast the tapes. 

In a letter dated Aug. 31, Su-
preme Court Marshal Alfred 

The court marshal's edict stems 
from the controversy surrounding 
May It Please the Court, a six-

In the letter, Wong noted that 
despite written reminders sent to 
Irons regarding the restrictions 
placed on the tapes, Irons "per-
sisted in his plans to duplicate and 
c\istribute the tapes." Moreover, as 
part of the advance publicity for 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 
UCSD PolitIcal Science 
Professor Peter Irons See IRONS, Page 9 

, ' ,/ Yllkov ZoIotDrrJV/GUlJfdlan 

COOL ... HUH, HUH, HUH 
EIIahII a __ teln ..... ScOtt Andenon had tile dubl'oua distinction of winning the 
......... Butt~ Iook.Uke cont8st sponHNd by MTV on TUHCIay. See page 3. 

· A.S~ Set to Name VP Administrative 
\ . ' 

u.: ,Barnes is the likely' choice 
to fill the vacancy left by 

. Siwabessy's resignation 
,By !1811-. c.mu.o 
Associate NeW$ Edlto, 

The Associated students could appoint a 
new vice president administrative as early as 
next week. 

'The office became vacant last spring when 
Carla Tesak was named A.S. President, fol-
lowing President-electRandolph Siwabessy's 
resignation. 
. 'The position had been filled by A.S. Com-
missioner of Operations and Services Greg 
~ken on an interim basis. 

"I think [last year] was an unfortunate 
I~. but I think we came out on top," 
Tesak said. "I feel sorry that everyone had to 
go through that, but 1 think we bad a really 
strong council, we had a lot of very good 
members, very motivated, outgoing members 
<?n council this year, and 1 think they've seen 
us through this." 

Siwabessy initially resigned because fam-

i1y difficulties made it impossible for him to 
pay the registration fees. 

It was later discovered that Siwabessy had 
bees academically ineligible to run for 'of-
fice. To be eligible, a student must be regis-
tered and in good academic standing. 

Tesak is now in the final stage of appoint-
ing a new VP administrative. To date, the 
only appliCant for t~ob is current Commis-
sioner of AcademIC Affairs John Barnes, 
who served on,last year's council as fresh-
man senator for Revelle College. 

"I think that the A.S .... il! heading in an 
incredible direction under Carla's adminis-
tration," Barnes said, citing her goals of 
better student representation and services. 

"I want to be a pan of that," he added. 
Since Barnes is the only candidate, it is 

likely that he will be appointed to the posi-
tion. 

He still has to be interviewed by Tesak 
and the A.S. Personnel Committee, after 
which the full council will vote on his ap-
pointmenl. 

See BARNES, Page 9 

COLOR. USED 

UCSD Enrollment 
May Drop From 
Last Year 
By Philip Michaels 
News Editor 

Although official numbers will not be avai l-
able for at least another week, UCSD adminis-
trator. conceded that enrollment will be down 
from last year. The drop wHl be rhe fI rst de-
crease in the university 's 33-year history. 

According to Robert Starkey of the campus 
planning office, admini trators anticipated in 
the spring a drop of approximately 400 stu-
dents. "Now we' re guessing probably 600 to 
800," Starkey said. 

Starkey added that the mo t significant drop 
was in the number of returning students. 

Whlleenrollmentwill more than likely drop 
this quarter, the decrease will not be as drastic 
as the San Diego Union-Tribune reported last 
week, according to- acting Registrar Sally • -
Hickok. The Union-Tribune claimed that en-
rollment at UCSD could drop as much a to 
percent from last fall' s total of 18.200. 

"[The article] put words in my mouth," 
Hickok said. 

Hickok noted that at this point, enrollment 
figures are slightly less than they were a year 
ago, but added that the figures "are going up 
and up each day." i 

VCSD does not consider stodents to be 
enrolled until all fees thave been paid. Only 
after the deadline to pay fees on Oct. 8 can the 
university give an accurate count of its enroll-
ment. 

"It's a little too early for us 10 talk in 
definitive numbers until the third week dead-
line. Until we have those, we'd just be specu-
lating," said Vice Chancellor f~r Student Af-
fairs Joseph Watson. who added that adminis-_ . 
trators are aware of the lag in enrollment. 

Two factors contributing to the dip in en-
rollment are the recent fee increases and a high 
graduation rate for Spring Quarter. "All of 
these things seem to be coming together at 
once," Starkey said. 

Fees for the University of California have 
increased by 125 percent since 1989. Accord-
ing to Hickok. the financial strain could be 
impacting student ability to enroll. 

"We're seeing undergraduates not on finan-
cial aid coming in and having to drop out for a 
quarter," said Hickok, adding that she consid-
ered this quarter's enrollment dip to be an 
anomaly. 



2 NEWS 

UCLA Professor to Head 
UCSD Engineering 
FACULTY: Dean designate Robert Conn awaits 
confmnation from regents, Academic Senate 
By Shannon Brady school, Conn plans to strengthen 
Guardian Reporter 

Robert Conn, the Director of 
UCLA's Institute of Plasma Fu-

UCSD's participation in the Inter-
national Thermonuclear Experi-
mental Reactor (ITER) Project, a 
six-year, $1 .2 billion effort to de-
sign a facility that would produce 
energy from nuclear fusion . The 
project is sponsored jointly by the 
United States, Japan, Russia and 

sion Research, was named dean 
designate of UCSD's School of 
Engineering by Chancellor Rich-
ard Atkinson. Conn' s appointment 
follows a nationwide search by a 
committee com-
posed of faculty 
members. 

" The appoint-
mentofDr. Robert 
Connas deanofthe 
School of Engi-
neering marks the 
beginning ofa new 
stage in the devel-
opment of the 
School," Atkinson 
said. 

Physics Profes-
sor Robert Dynes, 
who chaired the 
faculty earch 
committee, added 
that the committee 
was impressed by 
Conn's strategy for 
establ ishi ng the 
School of Engi-
neering as one of 
the top engineering 
programs in the 
country. 

"By bringing In 
.v.n more 
.xceptlonal 
peopl., w. will 
ultlmat.ly .... v. 
th.purpose 
w.'re her. for 
-toeducat. 
the students 
and conduct 
InllOvativ. 

the European 
Community. 

" UCSD is the 
host for the central 
team," Conn said. 
" I 'm going to con-
tinue to do every-
thing to make them 
comfortable and 
help m ake the 
project a success." 

Conn is a mem-
ber of the I nterna-
t ional Technical 
Advisory Commit-
tee (T AC) for the 
ITER project. He 
also serves as 
chairman of the 
U.S. Department 
of Energy ' s Fusion 
Energy Advisory 
Committee, a p0-
sition he was ap-
pointed to in 1991. 

Conn received a 
B .S. degree in 
chemical engineer-
ing and physics 
from Pratt Institute 
in 1964, an M .S. 

"One important 
aspect was his 
breadth of exper-
tise and his desire 
to strongly engage 
the sciences wilh 

--Robert Conn, degree in mechani-
School of EnglneeritC Dean cal engineering 

engineering to 
make UCSD stronger overall," 
Dynes said. 

Conn, whose appointment mus; 
still be approved by the Univeristy 
of California Board of Regents 
and the UCSD Academic Senate, 
has been a member of the UCLA 
faculty since 1980, when he began 
as a professor of mechanical, aero-
space and nuclear engineering. He 
was also co-director of the Center 
for Plasma Physics and Fusion 
Engineering at UCLA from 1982 
until 1987, when he was named 
the director of the I nstitute of 
Plasma Fusion Research. 

Conn expects 10 be confirmed 
as dean in January. Until then, he 
wi ll continue to serve at UCLA 
full time. Conn said the " transition 
period" of his move to UCSD will 
begin in January. "After the first 
of the year, I'll probably continue 
connections with UCLA for six to 
nine months more. But the idea is 
for me to be on the facul ty at 
UCSD, not spending the majority 
of my time away," he said. 

As dean of the engineering 

from the Califor-
nia Institute of Technology 
(Cal tech) in 1965 and a Ph.D. in 
engineering science from Caltech 
in 1968. 

Conn pointed out that the 
School of Engineering is a rela-
tively young school within a rela-
tively young university. "I want to 
set up a timetable to make UCSD 
great in engineering," Conn said. 

" By bringing in even more ex-
ceptional people, we will ulti-
mately serve the purpose we're 
here for - to educate the students 
and conduct innovative research," 
he added. 

Conn succeeds M . Lea Rudee, 
founding dean of the engineering 
program at UCSD. Rudee, who 
announced his retirement last De-
cember, will continue to serve as 
professor of materiaJ~ science at 
UCSD. 

Rudee served as dean of the 
Division of Engineering since its 
opening in M ay 1982, and over-
saw the launching of several ma-
jor programs in research and edu-
cation during his tenure. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, September 30, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN" HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

Ci r 
'"' ... _1 ..... I"_~~_ 

oo~\. WOOK ~r 01\ BIG. 
ST\OII PE."f P\Jlli .' IS 00 
/.. rU2z.~ . t WI£"'OW,{ PUlT'/?~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

L£\<; SI\"f 
r 0100'1 
po ~I-\"T 
I tiANTrJ) 
TO Do . 

'_r 0\(" TW.;(S HOrN 'OIEl.l.. [Xl 
KI( \: 01'1'5 . 

Go 't\lm WIl .. , 
~~\(S . r G\lE.'i'5 

TIGR'S \X)Nl LI~ 
ltl 8£ CAll£1) 

- PIJ1TI ES .: 

-\ / ' 

! 
SUI'lloSE. I: LEO .. 

BLM"'E.l.ES~ LlH~! 
S\lP\'()SE ! 0E141 £D 

"'~ TRIlE: DARK WM\lRE: : 

Mk,{~E \-\EME~ 
IS t\ PlKI< 
'N1lt.R£ ,(OIJ'R£ 
AllDl(EI) TO 

8£ &~D! 

Founding Chemistry Prof Dies at 83 
Hans E. SUess, professor emerttus of chemistry 

and one of the four orlClnal faculty members appointed 
to UCSD, died last week at the see of 83 In a La Jolla 
retirement home. 

Suess, renowned for his work in the field of cosmo-
chemistry, Is credited with developlne and Improvl~ 
the method of radiocarbon datl~ that Is used today in 
a number of science •• He also contributed to studies 
on the ~n and synthesis of the elements and the 
evolution of our solar system. 

80m In Austria, Suess earned a doctorate of 
chemistry at the University of Vienna in 1936 and 
conducted research at the Swiss Technical University 
before Joining the facutty of the University of Hamburg 
in 1937. 

In 1950, Suesswas hired as a research associate 
at the Institute for Nuclear Studies In Chicago. Rve 
years later, he moved on to the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

His work offered a description of how the abun-
dance of elements and their Isotopes reflected nuclear 
and cosmic properties .• Abundance of the Elements, • 
a paper co-written by Suess and chemist Harold Urey, 
is considered one of the most influential contributions 
to cosmochemistry. Suess was also a pionee with 
UCSD founder Roger Revelle In calling attention to the 
dangers of global warming. 

In 1958, Suess was one of the first four professors 
appointed to the UCSD faculty after the campus was 
created by the Board of Regents. 

Environmental Study for 10th 
CaRipus Site on Track 

At its meeting in San Francisco last week, the 
Board of Regents learned that environmental studies 
of three sites under consideration for the 10th Univer-
sity of California campus are progressing. According to 
UC Vice President Will iam Baker, the $1.5 million 

allocation from the state legislature will only pay for 
legally-required environmental work in the site selec-
tion process, such as an environmental impact report 
(EIR). 

· It must be clear that the funding-approved by the 
legislature does not provide for the planning or actual 
construction of a future campus. We see little pros-
pect for the possibility that the State of California will 
be In a position to appropriate funding to begin 
construction of this campus in the immediate future: 
Baker said. 

The Callfomla Assembly voted 59-20 on Sept. 10 
to authorize fundlne for environmental studies at sites 
in Fresno, Madera and Merced counties now being 
considered for the 10th UC campus. Earlier. the state 
Senate unanimously approved the funding. Governor 
Pete Wilson has Indicated that he will sign the mea-
sure. 

According to Baker, a university task force oversee-
itC the site selection pr.ocess will present a plan to the 
regents In the near future that will Include specific 
criteria the university will use to select one of the 
remaining three sites. 

Kronos Quartet to Play at 
Mandeville Next ThurMa.f 

The Kronos Quartet, a string quartet renowned for 
its performance new works by contemporary compos· 
ers from arl)und the world, will open University Events ' 
1993-94 season on Oct. 7 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Ticket prices are $18 for general admission. $16 
for senior citizens and $14 for students, and may be 
purchased at the UCSD Price Center BOK Office or from 
TicketMaster outlets. 

The members of Kronos quartet are David 
Harrington, John Sherba. Hank Dutt and Joan 
Jeanrenaud. 

RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Design Editor 

ELAINE CAMUSO, Associate News Editor 
DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

STAFF WRITERS: Rltu Saxena 
ILLUSTRATORS: Mlcha Croft. Roger Kuo. DominiC Lobbia. AI Spong 
DUleNERS: Wilson Cheung. Marcus Lobbla. Christopher Lock 
PHOTCKlRAPHERS: Oan McOowen. Jason Ritchie. Yakov Zolotorev 
TYPIST: Tim Lin 
ADVERTISING ASSISTANT: Tara Eoff 
CIRCULATION ASSISTANTS: Craig Stokle 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production Manager 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 

BRIAN K. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
BENJAMIN LAVINE, Opinion Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

ARON MILLER, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 
• OIOR STAFF WRITERS: Ben Boychuk. Karen Chenll. Ben Freund. Geye 
Johnson. Den Kreu ••• Ken Perlman. OIYkl Snow, Cere Uclell. Grea Wrenn 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARnNEZ, Advertising Desigm;r 

BEN BOYCHUK, Classified Representative 

Editorial: 53-4-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fa.: 534-7691 
UCSD GuardIan, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Aclulilocetlon: "-'" Floor. UCSO SlUdont Center Bull<l,nc 'A' 

Thur8tIIlY, September 30, )993 The UCSD Guardilln 

MTV Completes College Tour at UCSD 
Bun .... UD: Look-
alike contest draws large 
crowd to Price Center 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

students don' t "get into five-hun-
dred people groups" as they did at 
colleges in the Midwest, " the 
people here have a lot of spirit." 

Although the Beavis and Butt-
head contest drew a large crowd, 
many UCSD students were disap-
pointed Monday afternoon when 
MTV ran behind schedule and 
fai led to show up at the Black-
smith Union concert in the Price 

"MTV's Guide to Higher Edu-
cation" came to a close as two 
UCSD students were crowned the 
winners of a "Beavis and BUll-
head" look-alike contest in front 
of a crowd of 1.000 onlookers at 
the Price Center plaza yesterday. 

John Anderson and Elisha 
Goldstein were chosen as the best 
impersonators of the brain-dam-
aged cartoon characters OUI of the 
eight pairs that participated. Both 
won t-shins, hats and tickets to an 
upcoming Midnight Oil concert. 

, Center. Over 300 fans showed up 
Anderson said. "It feels cooi rto m noon to hear the band and catch 
have won I because Ilike the show. aglimpse of the famous cable chan-
I used to watch it a lot." M T V nel inaction. The conceit wen t on 
VeeJays Bill Bellamy and 10hn as scheduled. 

The two had not originally co-
ordinated a ski t with one another, 
but met just before MTV started 
taking sign-ups. "A lot of people 
in my suite wanted me to enter," 

Ales served as masters of ceremo- Associated Students Assistant 
nies for (he contest. A les was par- Programmer Cecelia Lucero suid 
ticularly enthusiastic about the at the Monday concert, " MTV is 
time he spent at UCSD. Having always behind schedule; I was re-
just been to such campuses as Cal ally surprised when they showed 
State Los Angeles, he sai d, up early yesterday." 
" [UCSDI kicks its butt. [There MTV has been filming seg-
are) lots of grass, lots of trees, it's menls at UCSD since Sunday af-
beautiful." ternoon as part of a nationwide 

He said that, although UCSD tour of universi ty campuses. 

AIDS Walk San Diego Slated for Sunday 
By Karen Chene 
Senior Staff Writer 

The 1993 AIDS Walk San Di-
ego (A WSD) is scheduled to kick 
off this Sunday in front of the 
County Administration building 
downtown. 

Organizers expect 6,00 walk-
ers to participate in what has be-
come San Diego's largest private 
AIDS fundraiser. The AIDS walk 
raises thousands of dollars for 
agenices that provide services to 
the AIDS community. 

This year, a new registration 
process will be implemented, in 
which registration packets will be 
available at many San Diego busi-
nesses, including all Kragen Auto 
Parts and Starbucks Coffee stores. 
Walkers are also required to keep 
track of their own pledges instead 
of keeping an official pledge sheet. 

According to A WSD Execu-
tive Director Barbara Blake, the 
new process will make it easier for 
walkers to collect pledge funds 
from sponsors. 

" Our walkers will be able to 
keep track of their pledges any 
way they like - it's completely 
up to them. We gave them this 
choice so that their sponsors could 

remain anonymous," she said. 
She added that even though the 

average donation per walker has 
decreased over the years, overall 
funds have still increased, and she 
is very optimistic this year. 

" During the last couple of years, 
people were really hit hard because 
of the recession. But now, ifpeople 
know about it earlier, they' ll begin 
to collect sooner," Blake said. 

She also nOled that the walk 's 
success is based on both the atten-
dance al the event and the total 
revenue collected. 

" If we have 10,000 walkers 
show up but only 6~OOO with 
pledges, it still makes an incred-
ible statement that the City of San 
Diego does care about the issue of 
AIDS." 

The focus topic for AIDS W alk 
1993 will be " Women and AlDS." 
According to the World Health 
Organization (WHO), women are 
the fastest growing segment for 
HIV infection. WHO estimates that 
by the year 2000, more than hal f of 
all newly-infected persons will be 
women . 

" Most women aren't getting the 
message that if they're having un-
protected sex they are at risk for 

.----G RAN D 0 PEN I N G 1---. 
Costa o/erdt'Dentistry 
~ :$3900 . ~I EXAM. 

"" CLEANING Be 
/ X-RAYS (bitewing) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 

A We're open evenings and weekends! 
A Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
A Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
A Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
A 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

A Plenty of free parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
. 

La Jo lla VIII. 

_III. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance pions and major credit cords 

HIV. This year we hope to reach as 
many San Diegans as possible and 
let them know that everyone, espe-
cially women, need to make safer 
sex a standard. We especially hope 
the walk encourages women to get 
tested for HIV," Blake said in a 
press release. Ten percent of the 
allocated funds for 1993 will be 
given to organzations that offer 
support and serv ices to women 
living with HfV. 

Walker registration begins on 
Sunday at 9 a.m., and the 10K 
walk will begin at II a.m. Walkers 
are encouraged to come early to 
attend the pre-walk service and 
rally. The event will conclude with 
a post-walk festival complete with 
entertainment and food vendors. 
AIDS organization representatives 
will be on hand to give out free 
information on HlVandAIDS test-
ing. For more information, call 
291 -9255. 

CQou"dS 
6780 Miramar Road 

Behind Carl's Jr. 
o·~~~(3472) 

or ... 

3 USED DISCS* 
for 1 NEW DISC 

up 10 $11.118 

or ... 
w,'" taU 

Slo0 Off 
........ dy , .. prielS 

•• 1111 .. •• 
'Upon __ . Elpim 10i211n. 

I (~..." 11 't I f ( I' 
:11 t .. , .. ' , ',(;" I) lj() 

E\ S .'1 

NOW ENROLliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'S·OF-THE-FuTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT prep:mllion & medical ~chool applicution/ 

admissions assiSlancc are all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an indepcndeOl program laugh I by UCSD-Irained 

acadcmic M.D.'s, lOp M.D.-Ph.D. candidalcs. & English Dcpanmcnl 
faculty. 

• THE ORIGINATOR of inlcnsivc MeAT prep in San Diego. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class inslruction & real MeAT 

lcsting, problem solving, rcading/wriling workshops, review groups. 
med school applicalion & admissions slralegies, & lutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original lake-home review nOles. reading & wriling 
studyguides, MCAT & admis. ions slrategy handouls. problem SCIS, & 
MCAT--qualily limcd praclice Cllal11S. 

• REAL MeAT TESTING for in-class & lake-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT wilh young UeSD docs & l11ed sludenls. 
• TUTORING, pre-l11cd library & med school application help included. 

• LOWER TUITION than other courses. 

APPLY NOW! 456·4848 
V tlll'mostholtrs 
V the hf.\·t illstructors 
V Ihl'lu'sllllalerials 
V IlIl' best results 
V the low('",/ cost 

San Diego's IntensiVE! MeAT Prep Course! 

Sessions 
--101 

u C S D STU D E SPECIALS 
---------~--------

I 
I 
I 

-------. 

FALL 
SALE!! 
SAT .• OCT. 2, 10AM-8 PM 

SUN .• OCT. 3. 10 AM TO 6 PM 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

30% : 
Off new used items in store! I 

Off all used items in store! 

Nol ¥IItd Wllh any Olher 0"11$ Must pruenl coupoin 
Onlf gOOd lor weekend oI10i2·11Y3 

I 
I 



4 OPINION 

North American Trade 
In the months ahead, Congress will 
debate the North American Free 
Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Ratifica-
tion will be difficult given current 
public sentiment. 

Americans and NAFTA 
1. Do you favor the trade 
agreement between the 
U.S. and Mexico? 

Y .. 
41% 

No 
42% 

2. If the agreement were 
approved, would the number of 
jobs In the U.S. increase? 

No 
0111.1-
10% 

Source TimIt'CNN poll 

CUrrent Newill ....... 
Trade FIgures 
Still some discrepencies do exist 
between the American and Mexican 
economies. 

$17.02 
$16.17 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Septembl'l' 30, 1993 

PINION 

Dominic lobbf8/Guartfan 

COMMENTARY: NAFTA 
A mutual reduction in tariffs and other trade barriers would boost U.S. exports and the 
Mexican economy, but proponents must overcome the traditional, protectionist rhetoric 

Who's Afraid of Free Trade? 
ByD ...... HMtIa 
CQntl1butltW Opinion Writer 

In the next few weeks, Congress will be 
voting on the North American Free Trade 
Agreement (NAFTA), the three-way trade 
pact negotiated between the United States, 
Mexico and Canada. Meanwhile, an intense 
debate over the merits of NAFTA has been 
taking place, interrupted only by the unveil-
ing of President Clinton's health care refonn 
plan. 

The most ardent of NAFI'A's supporters 
claim that approval of the pact is vital to 
America's economic well-being. They assert 
it will quickly create hundreds of thousands 
of jobs for U.S. citizens as tariffs between the 
United States and Mexico are lowered. The 
United States already has free trade with 
Canada. 

NAFI' A's opponents, on the other hand, 
claim that it would devastate the U.S. 
economy by causing hordes of American 
companies to flee across the border to take 
advantage of Mexico's lower wages. 

This war of contradicting words has left 
many Americans confused over the issue. 
Neither side is telling the whole truth about 
the impact NAFf A will have on the United 
States' economy, though NAFI'A's oppo-
nents tend to exaggerate more than its sup-
porters. 

Upon examination of the facts, it also 
becomes clear that overall, NAFI'A is a net 
bargain for the United States and should be 
passed. 

Two central points about NAFI'A's im-
pact must be addressed. 

First, contrary to the rhetoric on both 
sides, NAFI'A 's effect on the U.S. economy 
and employment - good or bad - would be 
minimal. Second, NAfT A will likely help us 
in the long run rather than hurt us. 

First, the immense U.S. economy is more 
than 20 times the size of Mexico's. Mexico 
simply is not capable of flooding us with 

NAFTA 
Pros and cons of Its effects on 
the U.S. economy. 

PlIO: 
• The breakdown of trade 
barriers will only increase 
America's trade surplus with 
Mexico, calculated at $5.4 billion 
last year. 
This surplus would create a 
modest number of American 
jobs. 
• U.S. leadership would be more 
solidified In the West by improv-
ing relations with Mexico. 
Rejection of the treaty would not 
only hurt the Mexican economy, 
but U.S.-Mexican trade relations 
as well. 
CON: 
• American firms will flood down 
to Mexico to take advantage of 
cheap labor costs and loose 
environmental standards. 
• The ratification of th!s trade 
accord would open our borders, 
allowing more i"egal immigration. 

cheap goods and taking away millions of 
American jobs. Nor is it capable of absorb-
ing enough of our ~xports to create dramatic 
increases in the U.S. job market. 

More importantly, U.S. tariffs on Mexi-
can goods are already very low. averaging 
around four percent. So if the fear of losing 
our industrial base to Mexico were realistic, 
it would have already happened. Mexico's 
wages have long been lower than ours, and 
most of their goods already enter the United 
States without a tariff. 

And there are plenty of other reasons why 
this mass e)(odus ofU .S. manufacturing ti rms 

has not, and will not occur. As U ni versity of 
California at Irvine Professor Dennis Aigner 
explains, "[Mexico's) low productivity [one-
sixth the U.S.' s rate), high absenteeism and 
difficulties with long-distance management 
can overshadow any gains from the pure 
wage differential," 

The percentage of labor costs in most 
U,S. manufacturing is small: 10 percent and 
falling. Low wages are actually much less of 
a factor in keeping firms in the United States 
thim are corporate taxes, workers' compen-
sations and, of course, the high cost of health 
care. 

There are other expenses of doing busi-
ness in underdeveloped Mexico, such as the 
fact that electricity there costs four times 
what it does in the United States, Ultimately, 
many manufacturers would rather~tay in the 
United States so thar , they have a closer 
access to customers, dependable labor sup-
pliers, and a pool of skilled labor - U.S, 
citilens are the most productive workers in 
the world. 

Virtually every study that has been done 
supports the pro-NAFTA claims that the 
accord will be a net economic plus for the 
United States, The reason is Simple: cur-
rently, Mexican tariffs on Mexican goods 
are about ten percent versus the aforemen-
tioned four percent. 

In other words, if anyone is to benefit 
from NAFf A, it will be the United States, as 
NAFTA will open Mexican markets more 
than it will American markets. 

It is also .important to point out that th~ 
United States runs a trade surplus with 
Mexico. Since 1986, when Mexico voluntar-
ily started bringing down its trade barriers, 
the United States has gone from a trade 
deficit with Mexico of nearly $6 billion to a 
surplus of $5.4 billion on more than $40 
billion in exports last year. And it is reason-
able to assume Iha( .since Mexican tariffs 

See NAFTA, Page 5 

Thunday. September 30,1993 

NAFTA: Trade accord ' 
would benefit the U.S. and 
Mexican economies 
ContInued from ,... 4 
would fall even further under NAFfA, this 
trade surplus would also continue to increase 
as the trade between our tWo nations will have 
increased. 

Of course, some will Jose under NAFfA. 
As is inevitable during any period of trade 
expansion, cenaln industries and communi-
ties will face more losses than gains. The 
United States as a whole will likely benefit 
from bonuses such as lower prices for some 
American consumers. 

All this may compel one to ask. if NAFI' A 
is such a good deal fonhe United States, what 
is in it for Mexico? Well, NAFI'A is the 
brainchi Id of Mexican President Carolos Sali-
nas de Gortari. Salinas believes that NAFT A 
is a way to codify his market-orlented refonn 
policies and his dismantling of elaborate state 
economic controls. As analyst Robert J. 
Samuelson describes it, "Salinas aims to spur 
economic growth by creating a climate that 
attracts investment and opens Mexico to glo-
bal competition." So far, Salinas has enjoyed 
modest succes, luring as much as $42 billion 
in foreign investment since 1989 and presid-
ing over continual economic growth. Salinas 
hopes that NAFf A will increase confidence 
in the Mexican economy, furthering this suc-
cess. 

Meanwhile, it is likely that the Mexican 
economy could suffer if NAFI'A were re-
jected. Many analysts believe that if Congress 
fails to ratify NAFI'A, the Mexican stock 
martet may plunge, prompting a run on the 
peso and slowing vital foreign investment. 
And U.S.-Mexican relations could take a tum 
for the worse. 

If NAFI'A is clearly a net benefit for the 
United States, why has the opposition to it 
been so successful? President Clinton de-
serves part of the blame. Until now, he has 
given only lukewann support to the agree-
ment. The vacuum left by Clinton's ambiva-
lence has been filled by NAFfA's outspoken 
critics, the foremost of whom is H. Ross 
Perot. He has just published a book On why he 
opposes the trade accord and is preparing to 
launch anti-NAFr A television commercials 
across the country. 

As former President Jimmy Carter put it, 
since the case against NAFrA is so weak, 
Perot and others (including conservative Pat 
Buchanan) have ignored the facts and re-
sorted to fear mongering by "preying on the 
fears and uncertainties of the American pub-
Iic." 

Unfortunately, their efforts seem to be 
working. Although the agreement seems to be 
safe in the Senate (despite the opposition of 
California's two senators), its fate in the House 
rests with the Republicans, members of the 
supposed party of the "free-traders." The sup-
port of two out of three Republicans is needed 
to ensure passage, and right now there are not 
enough. 

Many are wary of the influence Ptrot car-
ries in their districts, while others are purely 
opportunistic and don't want to hand Clinton 
a legislative victory. 

Clinton is finally countering NAFI'A's 
critics, however, stating that he is unequivo-
cally behind the treaty since he negotiated 
side agreements on labor and the environ-
ment. 

Minority Senate Leader Bob Dole and 
other Republicans have pledged to fight along-
side Clinton, and Clinton recently enlisted the 
help of fonner Presidents Bush, Ford and. 
Carter to speak in favor of the treaty. . 

But the polls show that the country is 
evenly divided on the treaty, makin, it diffi-
cult for the White House to ,enerate any 
ground swell of support to win over congres-
sional opponents. 

Hopefully. Clinlon and his allies will pre-
vail and NAFI'A will be ratified.A1though it 
may not achieve the near miracle-cure for the 
U.S. econOmy, NAFrA wouldclearly~a net 
benefit for America, and if Salinas is right, for 
Mexico, too. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Today's conservatives have plenty to gripe about. But politi-
cal and social realities continue to elude their reasoning. 

DISILLUSIONS FROM THE RIGHT 
By Ben ~vlne 
Opinion Editor 

The decision to join the ranks of today's 
conservati ves seems to bear a distinct markof 
intellectual enlightenment. By converting 
oneself to the conservati ve following, one is. 
ironically, rebelling against a nation that has 
been infected by mainstream liberalism both 
through the government and the media. 

Many conservative movements offer out-
lets for Americans to vent their frustrations. 
Conservatives grumble about inefficient, 
bloated welfare programs funded solely by 
the hard-earned incomes of the citizenry. They 
complain how the govemment can sanction 
certain American activities deemed utterly 
immoral that contribute to the breakdown of 
our nation's values. 

Yet conservatives,like many other groups, 
often act like whining victims of an uncaring 
system: Others just propose simple, stop-gap 
solutions to problems far too complicated 
than they realize or choose to acknowledge. 

In this sense conservatives are hardly any 
different from the "bleeding·bean, whacko" 
liberals who are blamed for this country's ills. 
Now is the time to rebut the conservatives. 

Most conservatives tend to assert that any 
government spending is acceptable as long as 
it can further ensure the country's security, 
both internally and abroad. Social issues such 
as capital punishment, a strong defense and 
anti-crime programs also run well with many 
conservative groups. 

Any other spending, however, is consid-
ered wasted on needless welfare when it could 
be better used to lower taxes. Welfare and 
other income subsidies made to "welfare 
queens" (coined by fonner President Reagan) 
and many other Great Society programs are 
believed to I?e the main source of government 
waste. defiCits and a high tax bidden oj the 
"working American." 

This prejudice is an all too common theme 
in targeting the more onerous elements cor-
roding our nation's values. One need not look 
far for a mainstream example: one of the . 

tracks in country singer Ganh Brook's new 
album, In Pieces, gripes about the hard-
working man's income being swiped from 
the government and given as welfare. 

Is conservative opposition to the 1993 
budget totally justifiable? Any call to lower 
taxes in the wake of a mounting federal debt 
is purely political. Furthermore, any propos-
als for substantial spending cuts before tax 
raises must be a bipartisan initiative. 

Anyone who actually believed the Re-
publicans offered a betteralternati ve to "tax-
and-spend" oughtto have taken a closer look 
at what the Republicans actually offered. 
Before President Clinlon submitted his bud-
get to Congress, the Republicans proposed 
their own .alternative budget that called for 
less deficit reduction and $40 billion in "un-
specified spending cuts." The proposal, as 
expected, was merely dismissed as politi-
cally motivated with meager substance. 

The cold truth of the matter is that the two 
most politically repulsive budget measures 
Congress can take - higher taxes on the 
middle-class and substantial cuts in entitle-
ment spending (social security, Medicare, 
Medicaid)-n~ to be implemented just to 
keep the annual growth of the deficit from 
surpassing overall economic growth. 

Is there a liberal bias in the media? For all 
their railing against liberal conspiracy theo-
ries, the conservlltives seem to be caught up 

in a conspiracy theory of their own. The 
media, they suspect, addresses the liberal 
agenda and concentrates on covering only 
problems faced by the conservatives. 

The only bias in the media these days is 
toward which story has the most entertain-
ment value. Robert Weaver, a conservative 
journalist during the '60s, held this same 
misgiving about the media's objectivity. 

He decided to analyze the 1968 presiden-
tial election between Richard Nixon and 
Hubert Humphrey. 

What he discovered about the media cov-
erage was not very surprising. Although 
Weaver began with some inilial data sho\y, 
ing that Humphrey was given far more expo-
sure by the media than Nixon , Ihe reasons 
were not because of any liberal preference 
toward Humphrey, 

At the time, Nixon had a considerable 
lead over Humphrey and wa favored to 
easily win the presidency. But as the elec-
tion date approached, Humphrey made a 
steady comeback in the polls. What Weaver 
found was that the media had been closely 
watching Humphrey 's rise in the polls, 

The media has no liberal bias; it merely 
reports events which have newsmaking po-
tentialthat will serve not only 10 inform but 
to entenain. 

A silent conservative majority? Unless 
most people are so ashamed of their conser-
vative tendencies that they carry this shame 
to the polls, conservatives make up a distinct 
minority in the American electorate. 

The Republican Convention of 1992 left 
many wondering who actually composed 
the silent majority. When they were through 
with their "guilt-by-association" tactics, Re-
publican nominee George Bush' saw only a 
10 percent climb in the polls and the Repub-
licans saw a black stain on its party image. 

Silent majority? Hardly. 
What conservatives strive for in the way 

of social goals are pretty much what most of 
us agree upon as neces ary in maintaining 
the American life~tyle . 

COMMENTARY: San Diego deserves to develop its own homegrown scene of local 
music and culture and not just set the next setting for another "Seattle scene." 

MORE THAN JUST A ZOO 
By DtlvId Snow 
Senior Staff Writer 

I was almost resigned to the inevitability 
that telling people I was from San Diego 
would eternally be met with the response, 
"San Diego ... don't tltey have a zoo down 
there'!' So imagine my surprise when I dis-
covered an article in the pages of the hip 
Conde Nast magazine Details announcing 
San Diego as the "next Seattle." 

For those in the know, the article's appear-
ance means that some editors from a stylish 
New York publication may have heard that 
our quaint town is becoming, or perhaps al-
ready is - gasp - cool, culturally speaking. 

Ya see, after bands like Nirvana, Pearl come another center for a thriving "alterna-
Jam, Alice in Chains and Soundgarden started tive" scene, from whence fresh sounds and 
pushing MC Hammer off the airwaves, the fashion could burgeon. 
youth of our nation collectively came to the But this is unlikely. Simply put, the hub-
conclusion that Seattle must be a happening bub over San Diego can be traced to the 
place, despite tI\e fact diat it was neither Lo~ recent popularity of one band - Stone 
Angeles or New York. Many even ventured . Temple Pilots -lauded for its similarity in 
as far as theorizing that the reason Seanle was music style to Seattle' 5 Pefll'l Jam. In reality, 
becomin, such an epicenter of creative en- STP's billing as a "San Diego band" is 
elJY was becaust it was neither L.A. or New dubious. True, the Pilots frequented San 
York. 1bereit was up North, minding its own Diego clubs under the name Mighty Joe 
business. sipping coffee and enjoying its in- Young, but only one group member was 
digenous pundge music, when suddenly boom actually from San Diego. and they were 
- rich kids in Orange County were wearing discovered by a talent scout in an L.A. club, 
flannel. where they are currently based. 

By dubbing San Diego the next Seattle, For good reason, San Diego scenesters 
DetiJll, is inferrinl that this city could be- wanttoclaimSTPastheirown. "If you hype 

it, they will come," meaning A&R guys on 
the look out for the next Nirvana. Can you 
imagine bands moving to San Diego to get 
discovered? This would certainly come as a 
surprise to groups like Jambay, a promising 
band out of UCSD that moved to Seattle for 
more exposure. And unless I'm mistaken, 
the last big band out of San Diego was Ratt, 
the members of which are no doubt currenlly 
asking "paper of plastic?" at a Ral ph 's some-
where. 

San Diego seems to ' me to be a city 
insecure with its own image. Last year, for 
instance, the San Diego Reader printed no 
less than three lead articles dealing with the 
perception outsiders have of the area. One 
involved the image New Yorkers have of 
San Diego, and the most frequent observa-
tion was, yes, "Nice lOO, I'm told." 

Most San Diegans have heard the story of 
how the early railroad builders for some 
reason decided not to extend the tracks down 
here, therefore allowing Los Angeles to de-
velop at a much great!!r velocity. And San 
Diego has had to live in the shadow of L.A. 
ever since, as the "other" city in Southern 
California. 

San Diegans often fret , "Are we 
America's si)(th largest city or a sleepy har-
bor town of transplanted Midwesterners? 
Are we a unique community or a by-product 

See SAN DIEGO, Page 6 



6 OPINION 

MIRAMA 
CAR WASH 
~------------ -----, ! Full serRee $ 95! 
I C A H $7.95 VALUE I 
I I 
I 
I 

5716 Miramar Road, San Diego ...-_____ -, 
behind the Unocal 76 station 

Mon.-Sat. 8-6 • 455-1120 

ATTENTION! ON OCT. 1, 1993 WE ARE MOVING 
ACROSS THE STREET TO 5820 AUTOPORT MALL 

20·/. DI.eOU .... 
ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
RSC ~ Master Mechanics ~ 

==== exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 
.!i: 

5870 Miramar Road • 410-1484 
Air & Water Cooled • Maintenance Services· Air Conditioning • Tul14HJps 
Rebuilt Engines· Gas & Diesel • Electrical. Clutches. Brakes. Valves 

Located In the Autoport Mal • MIramar 
Neld Door to DIscount Tire 

lXPlRfS ArlHE END Of fAllSlMESllR 1993 

• III 

(HANNING? 
LA JOLLA 
HRS RLL THE 
ANSWERS. 

F rom a huge variety of services like Kinkos, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph 's Grocery, to entertain-
ment and fun from places like Sports 2001, 
TGIFriday's, Music Plus and Pacific Theatres, 
La Jolla Village has got you seriously covered. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SAN DIEGO: 
Insecure about San 
Diego's university 
image 
ContInued from pace 5 
of Los Angeles?" Indeed, "Are we 
coolT' This insecurity even infects 
UCSD, with students always wor-
rying whether their counterparts at 
UCLA and Berkeley are leading 
more fulfilling college lives based 
solely on the area they live in. 

Clea Hantman, a music writer 
for the San Diego Reader and the 
writer of the Details article, is right 
in claiming that until recently, it 
took a miracle to get any big act to 
take the two-hour drive South of 
L.A. No more, she writes. The mu-
sic scene is happening and record 
execs are scrambling. 

Like Hantman, others in the lo-
cal press are constamly trying to 
prove that San Diego is a world-

Are you ... 

class center for the arts. The current 
issue of Umbrella magazine, which 
covers areawide music and litera-
ture, has a story trumpeting the glo-
rious emergence of San Diego from 
the Cold War economy as a con-
tender in the literary world, and then 
goes on to list by name the San 
Diego writers to watch out for. Simi-
lar bragging is applied to the San 
Diego Theatercommunity, compar-
ing it with that of New York and San 
Francisco. 

Why all the self-praise? Perhaps 
San Diegans worry that their home-
town lacks the ingredients neces-
sary to make it a truly "cool" place. 
It seems that historically, cool cities 
have certain elements that make 
them meccas for the culturally hip. 
One is a population known for its 
tolerance of eccentricity. 

But when an area's biggest em-
ployer is the U.S. Navy, such bohe-
mian live-and-let-Iive mentality is 
not normally nourished. In fact, few 
military towns are ever given the 

Interested in Community Service? A Former INTERACT 

JOINthe member? A Rotary scholar? Interested in making international friends? 
ROTARACTclub 

ofUCSD for 
-International Friendships 
- Community Service 

ROTARACT Is an Intemalional 
- Fun 

organization of over 4.000 clubs of 
Amt MHting )IOUng adults sponsored by ROTARY 

international. The goals of ftOTARACT Tuesday, October 5,7 pm are community service, international 
understanding, and professional UCSD International Center 
development. Conference Room 

IIRr CALL US! LID 4S2-UCSD : . ,DOMItIO'S 

Thursday, September 30,1993 

title of "cultural hegemon." Sparta, 
despite its formidable army, must 
have felt envy for happening Ath-
ens. 

"Cool" cities also often have a 
dark streak of sorrow and restless-
ness. Berlin of the '30s was dark, 
baby, dark. But rampant conserva-
tism mixed with a pleasant, ocean 
side Ii festy Ie do not a cui tural Mecca 
make. Seattle has bad weather, New 
York urban squalor, and L.A. high 
crime to fuel edgy and angst-ridden 
mobs. But in San Diego, people 
must not have enough to be angry 
about. 

San Diego's appea l is often 
couched in terms of comparison to 
other cities. Golden Hill is charm-
ing because it looks vaguely like 
San Francisco. The cities ugliest 
pans bear an unforgivable resem-
blance to L.A. Now our music scene 
is supposed to be happening be-
cause it smells like Seattle. 

San Diego, as a center of culture 
and style, could use some confi-
dence boosters, and the Derails ar-
ticle no doubt helped. On topofthis, 
a UCSD theater profes or recently 
won a Tony award forthe lighting in 
Tommy, which started here at the La 
10lla Playhouse. 

And the all-powerful MTV by-
passed L.A. to air its West Coast 
segment of Guide to Higher Educa-
tion from San Diego State and our 
own UCSD. 

The future of San Diego is hope-
fully not Seattle, but a style more 
homegrown and unique to San Di-
ego. And if the San Diego scene 
does ever become the Next Big 
Thing, it should be based on its own 
numerous merits, ratherthan re em-
bling the merits of other cities. 

Hours: 
11 am,} amSun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
I 2-TOPPING PIzZAS I 1-TOPPING PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I ~2;~:r~~~T" $1699 I 
I luST ASK SPECIAL plu. 'n I FOR ONlY pillS /u I 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

I CALL US! II I CALL US! II I 
: !~~;~. :: ~~~~-~ : .: 
L =.:: ______ :':.:. c;j~"':.-~ ~:1: ___ ~ ~':.!J 

~-,-.-- ....... o.._..,.Iooo_IIO.oo . 

. . . . . . .. . .. . . . .. . . . .. . .. . . . . .. . .. .. .. .. .. .. -.... ..... .................... .. ..........•......•.••••.....•••••••......•••••.....••••••.......•••••... 

Thursday, September 30, 1993 The UCSD GUJlrdian 

Campus to Get Early Wake-up Call 
EMERGENCY: Annual which has an assembly area: "[The drill] will be a pretty low-

, . ' At the assembly area, RAs will key exercise." According to WiI-
dIsaster dnll to be held take roll and will then give in- son, the Environmental and Health 
Friday morning srructions to UCSD residents on Services Department will partici-
By Satyen Sanaanl 
Guardian Regorter 

Students without early morn-
ing classes on Friday who expect 
to sleep in will be in for a rude 
awakening. At 7: 15 a.m. tomor-
row, Housing and Dining services 
and the campus Resident Life Of-
fices will stage an emergency pre-
paredness dri II for the residents of 
UCSD. 

The drill is intended to re-create 
an emergency during which UCSD 
would be cut off from the rest of 
the world for three full days. 

At the beginning of the drill ; 
students will be evacuated from 
their rooms by a blaring fire alarm 
while Resident Advisors (RAs) 
knock on the student;>' doors and 
tell them to go to a designated 
assembly area at each college. 

During the drill and any emer-
gency, Director of Housing and 
Dining Services Larry Bennett will 
oversee and organize campus re-
sponse. 

UCSDisdivided into IOdiffer-
ent emerjlency regions, each of 

what to do in case of a real emer- pate in the drill for the first time. 
gency. The emergency preparedness 

Although in previous years the drill is an annual event which be-
drill has been conducted solely by gan at Muir College in 1987. AI-
the Housing and Dining adminis- though UCSD has never had any 
tration, more groups will now be majordisa1'ters which required an 
involved, according to Emergency emergency plan to be activated, 
Preparedness Committee Chair OIherUniversityofCaliforniacam-
Sandra Cromwell. puses such as Berkeley, San Fran-

In addition to the involvement cisco, Santa Barbara and Santa 
of the Resident Life Offices, drill Cruz activated their emergency 
coordinators will now have access plans because of disasters like the 
to new Emergency Preparedness 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake. 
Containers, which are located at While only one drill is planned 
each college and contain emer- this year, Wilson said that "Down 
gency supplies. During the drill , the road, we are going to be drill-
each college will practicecommu- ing campus-wide, once a year, and 
nicating over radios and walkie- then each of the 10 regions we'll 
talkies so that no college is iso- drill once a year." 
lated. Along with ali increased num-

"Preparation [for this year's ber of drills, Cromwell predicts 
drill] began in May," said that more of the university will be 
Cromwell, citing many meetings involved in future drills. 
of the Preparedness Committee The Housing and Dining Ser-
and training for many of the people vices and Resident Life offices 
involved in Resident Life. expect the drill to last until 7:45 

Despit~ all the preparation, 8.m., but Cromwell warned stu-
Scott Wilson, the Safety Training dents with 8 a.m. classes to bring 
Director of the Environmental and their books with them in case the 
Health Services Department, said, drill runs overtime. 

h's NOT Too #.AlE 
~.~~DUIAC SND TO JOIN... IIUIUI 

Call 53~6580 for more details 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OU1~~lt~~f'ALE 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO ; 
26400 La AI,llned,j 

(7141364·6800 

NEWPORT REACH 
4501 Birch 5t 
(714) 851·1201 

fifl:7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 
Syracuse University 
Division of International Programs Abroad 
119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, New Yerk 13244-4170 
1-800·235-3472 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
Something to write home about! . 

c.: 

, . 
. ' 

• Programs in Africa, AuslIalia, Belgium, Czech Republic, England, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Poland, and Spain 

• Prior foreign language not always necessary 
• SU credit 
• Field uips/lraveling seminars 
• Internships 
• Study for a semester, a year, or a summer 
• Home or limiltd aparunent placemenlS 

Call 
(619)587·1414 
ext. 6220 

NEWS 7 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
.. 

.c 
U 

ROBERT'S 

AUTO 
• >,~ .-"') 1'''' 

, w,s, 

~l<~'~l<'M~ 
<" "" ... , 

,» /. M~-

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1·5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( (, 1 9 ) 2 -; ,j -I 1 :l2 
Mon,-Fri. 7 am-S:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-S pm 

e· 
KIndall 
MDlalGI. 

We use and re<:ommend KeooeU w 
h.lbnc;ants to our cuSlomtfS, 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor and transmission overhaul. 
Not valid with any other coupon. 

Natural Light 

469 12 PAt.l(WS - ... &tRV 
Barton 

Vodka 
1.75 liters, 
a mere 

.1099 



8 

a 
told 
you? 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

231·1118 

A friend? ... 
" • ? lour slSter. . .. 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ' . ' . anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for STOs and 
HIV, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

When you care 
about your health 
... word gets around. 

Pllnned Parlntlliid 
If IIIIIIII C.IIII 

The UCSD Guardia.i Thur8dar, Septem~r 30, 1993 

"W~~ IN ~OSCIENCE • 
OPPORTUNITIES IN THE NINETIES" 

CONFERENCE 

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16. 1993 
8:00 A.M •• 4:30 P.M. 

Sponsored by the Association of Women in Science and UCSD 
CONNECf. this one day conference will focus on career options for 
women interested in biotechnology and related fields. Women 
scientists and professionals in all areas of bioscience will share their 
insights on how to succeed in this exciting new industry. Special 
emphasis will be placed on career paths and career transitions; from 
academia to industry; from other industries into biotechnology; and 
from the bench to non-research positions. 

PLENAR.Y SPEAKERS: The Honorable Lucy Killea. California State 
Senator; Dr. Marjorie Caserio. UCSD Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs; Dr. Cynthia Robbins-Roth. Bioventure View; Dr. Ellen Weaver, 
AWlS National President; Diane West. VP of The Leadership Edge. 

CORPORATE SUPPOR.TERS: Alliance Pharmaceuticals; Amegen 
Corp.; Cooley Godward Castro Huddleson & Tatum; Cytel; 
Friedmann Communications; ISIS Pharmaceuticals; La Jolla 
Institute for Experimental Medicine; Ligand Pharmaceuticals; 
Medical Biology Institute; Molecular Biosystems; Mycogen 
Corporation; Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater & Science Center; 
SIBIA; San Diego Biotechnology Calendar; Scripps Research 
Institute; Stoorza. Ziegaus & Metzger, Inc. 

For additional program information. please call Lynne Friedmann at 
(619)793-3537. 

A.lciation for Women'n Science 

I.IWIS 

. AppilMeteintosb 
CcWr ~ 4f(l), Built·1n ld' 

Color "'oniror and Appk k)IJoard II. 

~l(~ CON\1ECT~ 
TIlt UCSD Prog".tH Ttcblll'ly.nd £.,,.,.,,,,,,,rsblp 

The Macintosh-Color Class~ It offers a bright, sharp Sony Thnitron· 
display. Its compact enough to fit on any desk. And right nov.; this already 
affordable model is available at an unheani-of price. You can also get 

special financing with the Apple" Computer Loan' - to make owning 
one even easier. VISit your Apple Campus Reseller today. For the J. 
power more college students chOose. The power to be ~ best~ __ 

,. 

'CK .. TO .. SCHOOL APPLE PRICES END OCTOBER 15! LlLSLJ fl{)()K· · '()J~1 
UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534 ... 4291 

........ .,...tfI ......... - __ -..,..c...,.- ."'J ""'~"'''''''_''''''''_'''_-'''''_.''_''''''' ____ • __ '''_'. ____ • __ ''_'. ____ ('''''_ 

Thursday, September 30,1993 

IRONS: UCSD 
professor must now 
get permission 
Continued· from pac. 1 
the publication of May It Please 
the Court. Irons allowed portions 
of the tapes to be broadcast.' 

Irons, who learned about the 
new restriction from a Washing-
ton POSI reporter last week, said 
he is irritated by the court's latest 
move. "Singling somebody out and 

denying [him] access smacks of a 
'bill of attainder.'" Irons said. "If 
the court feels 1 violated federal 
law. then the only proper recourse 
is to file a federal suit." 

Irons had suggested earl ier that 
he or a representative might sim-
ply ignore the new restriction and 
try to duplicate more tapes. Now 
he says he would simply like to get 
on with other projects. "I'm not 
sitting around waiting to see what 
the court isgoingtodoaboutthis," 
he said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Irons also denied published re-
ports suggesting he might try to 
bring suit againstthe court. "I never 
said that," Irons said. "I don' t know 
where that idea came from." 

The court's press information 
officer. Toni House, could not be 
reached for comment. House said 
previously that the court was con-
sidering "what legal remedies may 
be appropriate." It is not known 
whether Wong's letter represents 
the justices' final decision on the 
matter. 

II So yon think yon £an write better~ 

BARNES: A.S 
searches for new 
VP administrative 
Continued from page 1 

Tesak said that Barnes is an 
excellent choice for the VP ad-
mini strative role . " [B arnes ] 
knows everything that 's going 
on with all the issues on cam-
pus," she added. 

Barnes feel s that he is 
qualified for the job because 

• 
(Offer expires only when you do.) 

Get an AT&T Universal Maste~rd and you'll be eternally grateful. 
Because it's more than just a credit card thars free of annual fees forever. 

It's also an AT&T Calling Card that currently gives you a 10010 discount 
on already competitive AT&T Calling Card rates, It's all part of The i Plan:' 

• 
Special student offer To apply, come by 

our booth on campus or call 1800 438-8627. 

o ""'AlaT 
.. . . ............ .. . ...... _ ___ .... .. _ _ .... _ __ _____ .... ___ ...... __ .. ___ a_ ••• _ .... .... ....... . ... 

NEW 9 

of hi s extens ive work on the 
council , inc luding hi s work 
with th e exec uti ve co mm ittee 
and the co-op overs ight com-
m i !lee. 

" I th ink that I' ve gai ned a 
perspective of the A .S. in my 
short tim e on council tha t is 
omewhat broad and gives me 

a pretty good grasp ot' no t only 
the com mon student , if you 
will , but also the intri cac ies 
of runn ing a re latively com-
plex orga niza tion ," he said . 

$215· 
$170· 
$170· 
$135· 

IIyAra $ 49· 
'AA~,:~~~~ 

st.lIIusmoy be ,.quiltd . 

......... "-4 ....... ' 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

0,.. ...... r ..... JM.Fri. 5-5 W" 11-5 



.oN CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\O( \( L\II<\ ' I~ 
UCSD Dep8I1ment of RadIology Is 
CXlIWcIing a I8SMCh SlJdy using a 
riJJeoornstagertbaldln1hedMeclon 
of IYer Iumofs InckIcIng malaSlalJee. If 
you are 18-75 years old n haw cancer 
wtIh IYer irMlMlment and ani .... ...-d 
please cal 543-2061 . i9l21-9J(0) 

UCSD Racquetball. Just show up and 
play I Meets every week Friday (3-
6p.m.), Saturday (10-12a.m.), 
Monday (8-10p.m.). Canyonvlew 
court. (9127-10/4,10111) 

J'JW Year's Bahamas Cruise. 
Outrageous student discount! Call for 
details , 305-233-6490. Creative 
Adventures. (9/30) 

F\IPLCn \IE\T 
perfect student job. Easy, ftexllle, earn 
$10+ hr. 1-8lO-246-3991. (9f3(}-1014) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHI_ 
ADZ (3 stores) ...... ........ 450·3323 
Falrmair's ...... .. .............. 222-0220 
La SandaIe .................. .488-1134 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ'S Piua ........... .... ...... 455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
La Jolla Brewery ......... ..456·BREW 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2<436 
Overseas Auto .............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ..... ........... ........ 275·1132 
Tom's Masler Mach ...... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR. BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ............ 457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 
We Care Hair ................ 587 ·cun 

UCSD IEALTH • FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 2n.8255 
Dr. Becker. Chiro . ........ .452·2882 
Being Fit .. ................... .. 483·9294 
Birthright ..... .... .... (800)484·LOV E 
Family Planning ............ 535·1379 
Tan 4 Less .................... 455·0909 
Dr. Sanford, DDS .... ..... 558·3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622·1007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ... ............. 452·7374 
Eyes oq La Jolla ........... 597·2020 
Vision Care ................ ... 578·6796 

.. 

UCSD MUSIC. VIDEO 
Music Trader ...... .......... 693·1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ........ ...... 452-0630 

UCSDCOPIES 
Cal Copy ................ ..... .. 452·9949 
Zebra Copy ................... 457-1007 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperteaming ............... 455-1000 
MeAT Review .... .. .. .. ... . 456-4848 

UCSDNI8HTI 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 452-BREW 
P. B. Br8whouse ...... ..... 274-AlES 
ChIncIIr's (WMMtoft) ...... 587-1.1. 
Volleybar & Gri •............ 270-7860 

UClDETC. 
St. Germain·s ................ 455-141. 
MillIon Fed. CItdt UnIon .... 546-2035 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, September 30, 1993 

CLASSIFIEDS · 
386DX-25Mhz w/128k cache, 1MB 
Ram, Multi IDE Controller 1.2MB, 
40MB HD, VGA monitor Mini tower. 
mouse, keyboard & a lot more 
$500.00. Pat 587-4912. (9/27-9130) 
Oak Dining set wlleaf and 6 chairs 
2mo. old. Sacrifice $700 o.b.o. 456-
2972. (9/30-10/11) 

CiLlssified advertising is sold in J 5-woro increments, The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (miJde payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Mondays 
issue, and 3 p.rn. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caJl534-5416,Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, l.il Jolla, CA 92093-0316, Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

2 RT tickets anywhere United flies 
(US, Mexico. Canada, Caribbean) 
before 12122193. $500 each o.b.o. 
456·2972. (9/30-10/7) 
Macintosh computerforsale. lncludes 
printer and software. Will sell fasll 
$400. Call Simon a1755-3565 or leave 
message. (9/30) 

Scott mountain bike for sale. Less 
than 1 yr old, all Shimano 500 
components. Paid $700, asking $450. 
755-3565. (9/30) Earn cash stuffing envelopes at home. Send SASE to P.O. Box 395, Olathe, 

KS 66051 . (9/21-10/7) 
Earn $10/hr. 5-10 hours a week 
assisting a young disabled person. 
Please include phone number and 
best lime reached by phone. For 
identification purposes it Is a must 
that you include a photo. J.J., P.O. 
Box 19984 San Diego CA 92159-
0984. (9121 -9130) 
Become a BeIng-Fit certified aerobics 
instructor in just 6 weeks. $100. Cal 
Danny 544-8332. (9127-10111) 
Peer Counselor position available with 
the Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Peer 
Counseling Program. Undergraduate 
and graduate students invited to apply. 
See job '7608HU at Career Services. 
(9127-1017) 

Part-time delivery drivers needed for 
monthly Golden Triangle area 
magazine. Must have own car. 
Flexible weekday hours, 3+ days per 
month. $6.50/hr.+mlleage. Call 
Yvonne, 233-4060 ext. 305. (9/27· 
10/4) 
Childcare. Help mother In home with 
three small children. Hours flexible. 
Call Ann at 481-5005. (9/27-9130) 
Interested in earning money and 
gaining job experience al a law 
office? Local firm has entry level 
openings. Call Telejob or see the 
UCSD Career Center for more 
details. (9/27-1 0/7) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT-
Make up to $2,OOO/mo. teaching basic 
conversational English abroad. 
Japan, Taiwan, & S.Korea. No 
previous training required. For more 
Information call: (206) 632-1146 ext. 
J5976. (9127-10/14) 
Early Morning Child Care, 7:15-7:45. 
Must have references and clean driving 
record. Please leave a message 
anytime 587·8765. (9/30-10/4) 

Receptionist/data entry person 
wanted for publishing company. 
Strong communication skills required. 
MAC experience a plus. Salary based 
on qualifications/experience. Send 
resume to HSSD, 10606-8 Camino 
Ruiz, Suite 209, San Diego, CA 92126. 
(9130-10/4) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs 
healthy volunteers, ages 18 to 50, for 
a 2 hour study about eye blinking. $10 
plus partdng will be provided. Call 
Deb at 453-2314. (9130-10118) 

Sales Position. Lollipops+Roses 
resale. Call for app. or apply 5-7p.m. 
Man·Fri. 558-1696, 3979 Governor 
Dr. S.D. (9130-1014) 
Driver needed weekdays at 2:00 PM 
from Del Mar area to downtown San 
Diego $1O/hr. 755-1923 (9/21-10/4) 
HS TUTORS NEEDED. SENSE OF 
HUMOR, FLAIR FOR TEACHING A 
MUST. $10.5OIHR MINIMUM. 695-
0329. PETER. (9/30-10111) 

Part-time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, salary. Light 
housekeeping for 2 seniors in LaJolia 
home: furnished, pool. Must be 
reliable, trustworthy, genial, careful. 
References. 273-545p. (9I3().10/4) 

Typewriter Canon AP 200 electronic 
correcting beautiful oft\ce machine. 
Great for student or office. $100.275-
7375. (9/21-9/30) 
Mavlng sale. Futon, Fumiture, HP 
laser printer, TV, VCR, Stereo, 
speakers, etc. Vince 558-18581 Oam-
11pm. (9/21-10/4) 

1984 Toyota Tercel, 2drhb, AC, 
cassette, ~.#'ftC8 558-1658 
1 Oam-11 p'!rr.~) 
LARGE DESK wI matchinghulct1. Good 
condition. Dar1t wood finish. $lootlest 
offer. 550-0190. (9121-1014) 

YOU COULD EARN $300 
OR MORE A MONTH 

If you have recently had or currently have any of the 
follOWing, you could qualify to be a plasma donor, 
earn extra money and benefit medical research. 

• Rheumatoid Arthritis 
• Epstein-Barr Virus 

• Hepatitis A or B 
• Herpes I or II 
• MononucleosiS 

• Chicken Pox 
• Rh Factor 
• Chlamydia 
• Syphillis 

• Lupus 
CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION! 

CJl3 
RemaAiOIOjJcs .Inc, 
. 226·1733 

Sears elec. portable typewriter w/ 
display an cover. WordIIinecorrection. 
$120 o.b.o. 560-9309. (9/27-10/11) 
Schwinn Woman's 12-speed. Shinano, 
Index shifting, quick-releases, 
accessories, $225. Nishiki 21", $150. 
Lorden, 558-1934. (9127-1014) 

Smith Corona Typewriter, excellent 
condl1lon, 2 line screen, ten page 
memory, users manual, $95 o.b.o. 
452-5019. (9/27-9130) 
Schwinn 12-speecI road bike. Suntour 
components, $SO o.b.o. 453-4253. 
(9/27-9130) 
Twin mattress and box springs. 
Excellenlcondition. $100. Call Chris 
452-7459. (9/27-9130) 
Zoom 9002 guitar eHects processor, 
$180. Boss pedals-turbo distortion, 
flanger, chorus, compressor, noise 
suppresser, $40 each. Rich, 550-
9088. (9127-1014) 
Mens 21" 10sp. bicycle. Ess new 
Centurion "Accardo: M-blue, fully-
equipped. $150 o.b.o. 455-1583. (9/ 
27-9130) 
Microscope - (used) Blnoc. Spencer-
AO. CasHIlght source. Dr. Kovats 
455-1583. $400.00 o.b.o. (9/27·9130) 
Futonlframe $100. Papasan $85. 
!-IaJogen lamp $20. FlO mattresses 
$80. Unused. Can deliver. 222-4771. 
(9127-10128) 
BICYCLE: women's 12 speed peugeot, 
steel *" ~, Ike new $70 
o.b.o. Usa: 587 -s939. (91'0-1 (0) 
1985 Honda EJIte 150, high mpg, bestfor 
commuter, everything Included, $650, 
452-5805 before 2:30p.m. (9/27-1017) 
386DX-4OMlzw/I28kca:::he,1t.eRam, 
250M3 Conner w/64k cache, 1.2 Me & 
1.44MB FD, SVGA monitor, MiniTower 
wlLEDOispIay. ARnew & warranty $800. 
Pat 587-4912. (9127 -9t'30) 

REFRIGERATOR: Dorm size, just what 
you need for your "refreshments: $50. 
558-9432. (9/30-1 (14) 
Queen waterbed, oak frame, seml-
waveless. Paid $500, ask $135 o.b.o. 
558-8899. (9/30-10/7) 
Queen waterbed with frame, air 
mattress, heater. and sheets. $50 
o.b.o. MUST SELl! Greg 549-2563. 
(9/30-1 On) 
3 surfboards. $50-$1 00.00. Must sell. 
459-4634. Jeff. (9/30) 
Red Bianchi mountain bike to sell at 
low, hot price. $190. Contact Ren6, 
453-0557. (9/30-10/7) 
Blue 1984 HondaPassport. True beauty. 
True transportation. To sell at $395. 
Contact Rene, ~7. (9(30-1017) 
Blk 1985 Honda Civic 1500 S. 
Immaculate, sporty, dependable. 
65,000mi. $2,900. No regrets. Contact 
Ren6 453-0557. (9130-10/7) 

lit U ~I\C 
Cheap, nice house. -Cardiff by the 
Sea. Looking for two roommates to 
share large master bedroom. $200/ 
mo. Call 943-1815 eves. (9/30) 
MISSION BEACH , 2BD.-2BTH, 
Fumished, 3443 Ocean Front Walk, 
Ocean Views. $950-$1200,488-13951 
259-1457. (9/21-10/11) 
AWESOME ROOM AVAILABLE in 1700 
sq. It. condo, dOn't drive to school when 
you can cross the street and take the 
Eastpar1<ingshuttle. upstairs/downstairs 
condo oilers nice living room area and 

~, plus privacy of clean upstairs 
room, pool, fireplace, washerldryer, 
private parj(ing, non-smokers please, 
$42011'!lOnth + 1/4 utilities. Please can 
John at 457-9821 . (9121·1014) 

Ca~ L[]p~f~~+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday O. ("ext to DomlllO's Pizza) • 452-9949 
Mf96 hpllllOql 
SAT 101 ."t·, LCSD 10 

NEVER TOO LAn. 
Think you missed the Graduate Rrcord Exam dead lind Think allllin. With 
the new oMkmand GRE~ you could be taking the teat tomorrow. And I« 
your score Ihe Instant you finish. Score reports arc mailed 1010 IS days 
laler, in plenty of time for mosl schools' deadlines. Call now for instant 
registration . • Educational Tesling Service 

.. Syfvan Technolornt Centerse 
,." 1('" S)/Mto ~t",,;..1hIw<t 

Thursday, September 30,1993 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME -UCSD S1aff 
and student dlscounte. Greal eaay 
financing. New UCSD 1 BR$90,OOO·s. 
2BR', $12O,ooo's +38R $150,OOO's. 
Free Into, anytime. RIMax Asaoc. Judith 
Haddox, ReaItor275-2618. (9121-10/11) 
Female roommate wanted 10 share 
apadouaOOlldoonerdemnUCSD.$325r' 
mo+ 113 ~. Pool, jIcuzzI, and garage 
iddad. Cal 453-8343. (IWT-l M) 

FIcomrnabtwanted ·shnroomfor250+ 11 
4~ Town;'lQm.InGaraee~ 
Cal Catly 535-0490. (9I27-9J30) 

Need a female roommate for a coed 
towmouse. LaJola-walkto UCSD. Own 
room for $344+115 utilities a month. 
Call 558·1745. Leave message. Non-
smoker. No pets. Pool. (9127-9130) 
Room lor rent. MIra Mesa area. Female 
orly,~stucious. l.a'gebectoom,privaIa 
bath. Quiet location, covered par1OOg. 
$300.00 month, all included. $100.00 
deposit. 536-9393 Arne. (Q'27-1017) 
55O-RENT. FREE apartment search 24 
hrsIday. Fastl EasyI1000's apMments. 
AJ areas. Call 55O-RENT. (9127-1017) 
Room for rent. UCSD North Mesa 
upstairs apartment. $268.50/month 
(includes utilities). Must be graduate 
student. Prefer female. Very convenient 
to campus, shopping, bus. Call Mary 
619-543-9148. (9/27-1014) 

UCSD, quiet, non-smoking, pool. $2aS1 
share, $43O/own, +Utilities, credit check. 
Call 558·1191 JoIYl. (9/27-9/30) 
3 rooms for rent. MIra Mesa condo. Pool, 
waaher-ctyer. Fuly fuTiahed. You fIJnIah 
your room. Own room, shin bath. MIl&' 
FenWe. $3101rn0n1l+ 114 uIIIIea. Pu or 
KevIn 549-6642. (W27-1014) 
FemaIMnIIe roornIII war*d b ... 3 
bectoom condo In SalIna Beach. 10 
MrUaI to ~ Wti1 nirUaII d 
Beach. Foal. WIIIher~. DiIIht ...... 
NoSmaldng.OwnAoom. CIbIe TV.$35GI 
monII+ 113. $200 cIIpoIit. CII Lorryor 
Arcn 1125M457. (W3O) 

F'enwle10Cl11l 2 ~NOW.2IOCIns 
for lilt. $25Ot'$3OO '*" uIIIas. PIeaIe 
IeeYe n lIIagee 271..(318. (irl7-1M1) 
Part-time employment with FREE 
ROOM AND BOARD, Mlary. LIght 
houeekaeplJllllor 2 aenIcn In La.lola 
horne; bnIIhed,pooI. Must berellble, 
trustwortIy,genIaI,cnfuI. Re .... 1C8I. 
273-5458. (QI3()..1014) 
PacIftc BMch. Twobed, one bath, pool, 
laundry, cIoN to ai, $28O.00+U1llltlee. 
Nonamoker. 581-2533. (9130) 
$224. Female to ahent double at La 
Regencia. Parking available, pool, 
weight room. 552-8548. (9/30) 
Room for rent. Mira t.Aesaarea. Female 
only. large bedroom, private bath. 
Covered parking. $300 mo. Electric 
included. $100 depoeIt. No pets, no 
smoIdng. 536-9393 Ann. (9130-10/11) 
Furnished condo 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath, 
pooI,laundry, patio, garage. University 
City. 5750. Call 483-9394. (9130-1014) 

MraMaaaHowe:P" r u ·o""preIared. 
Rent master bedroom wllh bath 
~PooI,jeaJzzl.1&nty8lXlll8S. 
Comb1abIe, fI1encIy ~ Cal 
en.! 54&-3327n<a11y 6115-2140 8IIri1g. . 
Paul (805) 522-1435 q1irne. (91.30-1 (14) 

Roommate wanted to share large 3 
bedroom condo In Del Mar. $375 rent 
Includes own room, washer/dryer, 
dishwasher, backyard, pool. Great 
placel Close to beach and freeway. 
Prater cIelrI, reeponelble female. 113 
u1IItIee. Daytime: TherMa 598-1200 or 
Kristen 481 ~n. Evenings: 481..(3n. 
(8130-1 017) 
Penuquitoe. 4 br. Jacuzzi. 0uIet & . 
re'ponslble. No pets, smoking. 
S270+dep0s1t. 484-1762. (9130) 

Need help'" WI1tIng 1kII? MCAT? Are 
)'OUabe9'laJdlnthlMngproblemswltl 
your EngIIh ~? Have taqn 
... cIaIeee at lkMr1ity 01 CaIfomIa 
n hive advanced degree8 In EngIah 
and Fore9'lIlrlgulgll. My uorIII fee 18 , 
hilt .. going rail. ~_ •• 1Id 538-8S3 
Nne. (ir"lt-1W4) 

.. 
The UCSD Guardian CLA SS IFlEDS 11 

DISSERTATION/THESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization, proofreading, 
~s~. ~. e~~. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9121-1/13) 
laJollaBarbershop. Quality Barbering. 
Haircuts $8.00. 459-5792. (9/21·1212) 
BodyImage,BuIemia,~EaIi1g. 
or ~ conoams? Support Group for 
Women oIIering pracIicaI, Gentle Help. 
S25 per 1IIIIIion. DiIIla K. WeIss Ph.D. 
L.icen8ed Psychologist. P&yt12476. Del 
MIl' 431~73. (9121-1014) 

Competltlvi Women's Soccer leam 
a.ka players. Goalie, defense, midfield 
positions. Call Sabrina. 270-4968. (91 
21 -9130) 
Vocalisl andlor keyboardist sought 
for serious progreSSive rock band 
planning to record within months. 
Influences Include: Yes, Rush, Dream 
Theater, Police. Shane, 558-7423. 
(9/27-10/4) 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! VlolinlViola Lessons. You or your chld(ren) can learn from an expel iellC8d, 
prof8lSionaJ teacher. Now accepting 
studen1S-aI agee and levels weIcomel 
Call Conred 466-0525 (9121-1212) 
NAiloNAL PREMEDICAl ADVISORY 
RESOURCE. Inb'advice taIored b your 
aitudon. Go-. TARGETED m give your 
MEDlClNEcanerplimingf1eedge.(313) 
7414133.SpeakwitlaphysDan&prepare 
NOW. Freshman: NEVER too early: 

WINNING ART . $$$. Local retailer 
seeks innovative original art with 
"sense of style" for charity benefit 
auction evenl. Artwork to be 
displayed in·store prior to event. 
$500 .00 granl to artist bringing 
highest auction price. For details 
visll ARRAY at North County Fair. 
Escondido or call 1·800-444-6663. 
(9/27 -9/30) 

Earn a free trip, money or both . We 
are looking for outstanding students 
or organizations to sell our Spring 
Break package to Mazatlan . We 
are the top sell ing Mazatlan 
company in the California area. For 
more info 1-800 ·393 -0880 /916 -
722-4400 . (9/27 ·9/30) 

Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 
academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 

all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 

Seniors: NEVER too latel (9130-1 (14) 
"A PENNY SAVED IS A PENNY 
EARNED." 11 makes "cents" m call LOPEZ 
PHOTOORAPHY. 282-4443. (9130-1017) 

\\ \ \ Tt-: J) 
I-Uthy men ages 18 to 45 yen old are 
needed m pcrtIc/paIe In a UCSD MedIcal 
CerWersLdy examiring the eIIect of SOlrod 
on the eyebInk rallex and on brain waves. 

~ wi. be pnMded; Cal 543-
2494 for normatIon. (9121·1 G'21 ) 

Earn $100.00. Subjects wanted for 
a study on alcohol's efleets . If you 
are a Japanese , Ch inese , or 
Korean , American-born male , call 
Scripps Research Institute for more 
information, 554· 7240. (9 /27-12/2) 
Models, clothed. experienced or not for 
art classes & some TV work. Call 284-
5095. (9130,1017) 

The new 
3-D graphing 
grade-making 
easy-learning 
fast-answering 
budget-pleasing 
headache-busting 
HP48G 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR FALL 93 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY OCTOBER 8 3 PM 

ERGRADUATE 
CHOLASTIC 

RANTS 

Cheek It out 
The new lIP 48G graphic calcuJa.. 
tor gives you a whole lot more for 
a whole lot less than you think. 

Get more 
• Push a button, choose from the 

puU~own menu, and fill in the 
blanks. Entering data is that easy. 

, View 3-D graphs. 
• Access over 300 built-in equations. 
, Perfonn algebra and calculus 
operations on equations before 
entering values. 

, Enter and see equations like they 
appear on paper. 

· Work with di1'I'erent units of 
measure. The HP 48G will convert 
them for you. For example, enter 
inches, centimeters, yards, and' 
feet, together in one equation -
it1J convert them. 

Get more .. ' for less 
,Compare prices - the HP 48G fits 
your budget 

Speclallntroductory offer* 
When you buy an HP 48G or 
HP 48Gx, you can get free 
software (Plus games!) and a free 
cable for cormecting to your 
desktop PC. Write programs for 
the HP 48 using your PC keyboard, 
or store HP 48 files and programs 
on your desktop PC. 

Pick up a coupon at your college 
bookstore. 

~ .. HEWLETT 
-=~ PACKARD 

'Oa rr good while SUppUl'8 I .. ~t on pu rch3&'S 
made from August 1. 1993 111rough 
October 31, 1993. See coupon t r lPnns 
and conditions. 
C Uewlett·Packard ('ornpally. PO 123068 



", 

12 SPORTS 

INTREPID: 
Willing to do anything 
for his nachos 
Continued from page 14 
a full 30 minutes waiting for food. 

OK,soit was a mistaketogoallhe 
beginning of an intermi sion. but the 
real killer was the fact that he. too, 
Wai> mysteriou~ly drawn to the relish 
fellow's line. Phil ended up reaching 
the head of the line about the time 
middle age set in, and the first words 
out of his mouth were "hot dog." 

ow, Intrepid Philwasin no mood 
to quibble. It was a simple request. 
one that two liver flukes armed with 
tongs could have carried out with no 
problem. The relish guy sprung into 
action. "Hot dog? he said, eyes glaz-
ing over with the r.lW powerofthought 
oozing through his brain cell. 

"Hot dog," Phil icily replied, the 
fire in his eyes set on slow bum. 

"Oh," the concessionaire, sen ing 

~thlet~ 
~c;;; ,eye/err 
( ~r'~------' Ii ~ t, TUNE-UP t~ \ ~ SPECIAL : 

t~! $1799 reg S35 I 
I InCiLdE'S CI''I3In r~mO\Jal Sa IrflP I/inppl I 
I cle. an,ng 111 sol .. en: . t.dJIJSITer>! 0

1 I 
gears ,~ brakeS' ',1lnol' Ir;;lnq at 

L. (I I"'l"e 1 " • ~rame & fork cleJl1lrg .J 
-------Sales· Accessories · Repairs 

.n~o Genessee Ave #102 
San Dlcgo In lIbcrty Plaza 
277-8255· Open dal1i 10·7 

'Praise The Lord. " 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

Across from Mann Theater 455-0420 
DEL MAR HIGHLANDS 

Next 10 WherehouSe 792-8131 
CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
Next to Vons 274-2tOO 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAIILl .J 
.. -------

his imminent destructiOll, stammered. 
He got the dog. "Anything else?" 

"Nachos," Intrepid grinned madly. 
'With cheese," he added, cackling. 

The request for nachos was I ike 
seeing a light bulb go on in the relish 
guy' head. Evidently he was a nacho 
artist. He painstakingly chose each 
nacho by hand, holding them up to the 
light to check the thickness and sniff-
ing them to determine freshnes . Fi-
nally, for the piece de resistance he 
carefully put a dab of chee~ on each 
one before gently setting them down 
in a flowery arrangement. 

By the time he got back, Intrepid 
had missed two goals, one of which 
was scored as he was walking back to 
his seat, cursing the gods and calling 
for lightning to smite his nemesis. 

Not normally a man prone to over-
flowing emotion, Phil just sat there, 
unmoved by even his beloved 
waterfowl's victory, shivering and 
stammering, "Ali I w.lI1ted was some 
nachos. Is that so wrong?" 

The UCSD Guardian 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons tame Broncos 
in overtime, 2-1 
Continued from page 14 
pushed around, especially in the first 
hal f," McManus said. "Wedidn '1 play 
good soccer, we just hung in there and 
batt led it out." 

That has been the story of the 

season for the Tritons. And it's some-
thing that McManus wants to change. 

"We have to stop letting ourselves 
get in a hole like that," McManus 
said. "We need to realize that we're 
not going to score early and try not to 
panic when the other team scores 
first." 

It hasn't been an easy lesson to 
leam, e pecially considering UCSD' s 
schedule. Before Monday's victory 

The UCSD Guardian Sports Staff 
welcomes Letters to the Editor. 
Letters must be typed, signed, 
no more than two pages and 
are subject to editIng. 

Send all correspondence to: 

Sports Editor 
The Guardian 
9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, Septembet· 30,1993 

over Cal Poly, which is a Division 11 
team, the Tritons played. and beat, 
three Division r teams in a row. But 
McManus is unworried. 

"We've handled the pressure so 
far, and if we play to our potential, we 
shou ld be OK," he said. 

The Tritons next game i a home 
contest against Chapman on Sunday 
at I p.m. <It the North Campus Recre-
ation field. 

THE ONLY THING BIGGER 
THAN OUR CHECKING OFFER IS 

THIS FREE SHIRl: 
Right now, Bank of America has a big 

dea l for co ll ege stude nt s. 
imply choo e from a ny of our three 

co ll ege student checking accounts and 
we'l! waive monthly servic e c harges 
every summer up to five year . And, we'll 
g ive you a free Big Deal t- hirt. 

Only Bank of America gives you free 
acces to your cash at over 5,000 Versateller ' 

ATMs in the West including the ATM right 
011 campus. Plus a BankAmericard®credit 
card has no annual fee when you link it to your 
BofA checking account for protection against 
bounced checks. So, what are you waiting 
for - stop by your local branch today and ask 
about the big deal on college checking. 

B ANK IN G ON AM E RI CA'" 

Stop by and ask for details at: 8813 Villa La Jolla Dr., La Jolla 
4380 La Jolla Village #100, San Diego 
330 S. Sante Fe Ave., Vista 

m Bank of America 
Member FDIC. Monthly SSMC8 charges waived dunng .June. July. and August. up 10 11119 summers. Offor applies to Uml1ed. Standard and VERSATEL® chect<lng accountS Fees lor overdraft and other account · 
related setv1CeS sbl! apply T' sh,n avaIlable whde supplies lastlhrough October 30. 1993 Credit card offered through Bank of Amenca N A and S subject to creditapprovai Full-lIme college status required 

" 

Thursday, September 30,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Test Ultimate Skills 
In Weekend Warm-Up 
MEN'S ULnMATE DISC: UC San Diego falls to open division San Diego and 
Long Beach before destroying Pasadena in last Saturday's UC Irvine Tournament 

MicIIaIII 
Peudena opponent ... down ...... throw In 15-2 lou to Tritons. 

By BrIan K. Hutto 
.Sports Editor 

Have disc, will travel. A suitable 
theme for the UCSD men's ultimate 
team, which journeyed north for a 
toumament held at UC Irvine last 
Saturday for its 1993-94 season 
opener. 

UCSD, usually a force to be reck-
oned with in the college divi ion, 
turned in a fine perfomlance against 
several open division foes. 

"rn the open division, there are no 
eligibility requirements so anybody 
can play," team member Michael 
McDonald said. 'The level of play is 
much better." 

In its flfSt match , UCSD faced 
"one of the best ultimate teams in the 
world" in the San Diego open crew, 
who split its squad into two groups, 
both of which far outclas.sed any other 
team in the toumament. 

A determined UCSD defense 
forced a few turnovers, but the 
outmatched offense was unable to 
effectively capitalize. San Diego 
exploited even the smallest UCSD 
error, ultimately winning by a final 

UCSD Rounds-Up Bumbling Broncos 
MEN'S SOCCER: Robert Ripley and Chris Romey provide offense in 5-2 victory 
By Ken Per:n .. 
Senior Staff Writer 

Perhaps Cal Poly Pomona should 
consider changing its mascot. Instead 
of the Broncos, maybe a small, furry, 

day. 

barnyard animal 
like a lamb or a 
buMY would be 
more appropriate 
- at Ieast for the 
men's soccer 

team. 
The Broncos 

hardlyevokedim-
ages ofa fiery, an-
gry beastOllMon-

The Tritons waltzed into suppos-
edly hostile territory and came away 
with an easy 5-2 win. Chris Romey's 
three goals led the charge over the 
hapless mares en route to UCSD's 
seventh win of the season. 

UCSD Head Coach Derek 
Annstrong insisted that he was not 
worried about matching up against 

Division 11 Cal Poly (3-5-1), and his 
team quickly showed he had little 
reason to be. 

RobertRipley,starting hissecond 
game of the season. wasted no time 
geuing UCSD OIl the board, taking a 
cross pass from the right wing and 
belting a shot past the outstretched 
anns of the Pomona goalie to put the 
Tritons up, 1-0. 

The senior forward got his name 
into the stat books again OIle minute 
later, popping in his second goal OIl a 
free kick to give the TritOlls a 2-0 lead 
midway through the first period. 

Five minutes later, Romey con-
verted a Joel Kosakoff pass into a 
goal, giving UCSD a 3-0 lead bead-
ing into the locker room at halftime. 

The Triton defense remained 
stingy throughout the ftrSt period, al-
lowing Cal Poly only five shots in 45 
minutes. 

Feeling comfortable with the situ-
ation, Armstrong went to his bench. 
Hoping to give his starters some rest 

and his younger players some experi-
ence, he fJeldedan entire team of non-
starters in the second period. 

Cal Poly, not yet ready to roll over 
and die, quickly fU"ed off two goals to 
IIIUTOW the gap to one goal. 

Annstrong admitted that putting 
in so many inexperienced players at 
the same time was potentially very 
dangerous. 

"We put all the young players in 
together," Armstrong said. "We 
should have put them in with some 
senior players, but I wanted to rest the 
squad." 

Annstrong decided to return to his 
starting unit before things got out of 
hand. 

Ripley again provided the offen-
sive punch, taking a pass in the box 
and placing himself in perlect posi-
tion for the hat trick. 

But before he could get the shot 
off, frustrated Pomona goalkeeper Ieff 
Bettencourt blantantly tackled the 
Tritons' striker, drawing a red card 

score of 15-5. 
In a long-awaited rematch from 

last year, UCSD tack led a more 
evenly-matched squad from Long 
Beach in their second game. 

As in the San Diego game. un -
forced errors hurt UCSD early on. 
allowing Long Beach to jump out to 
an early 6-2 lead. 

However,thenever-say-dieUCSD 
quad battled back to pull even at 8-8. 

Riding a wave oflntensity. they cata-
pulted to a 10-8 lead. 

During a battle not intended for 
the weak-hearted. Long Beach chal-
lenged with a four-point sputt of their 
own, climbing to a 12- 10 adv'lOtage 
before a scoring cap of 14 points was 
enforced due to time limits. 

With its backs against the wall, 
UCSD made a quick de fen ive play 
near its own endzone and converted 
the scoring opportunity 10 close Ihe 
score to 12-11. 

Unfortunately, UCSD could not 
force another turnover and the two 
teams traded goals. Long Beach 
reached the 14-point mark first , re-
cording a 14-12 victory. 

Goalie Mike Madden recorded 
six .. ves against Pomona. 
and giving the Tritons a penalty kick. 

Romey converted the free shot to 
give San Diego a two-goal lead and a 
little more breathing room at 4-2. 

Romey wasn't yet fini hed, blow-
ing by a Pomona defender trying to 
draw him offsides and taking a pass 
from midfield to record a hat trick of 
his own. 

"Romey had a terrific game," 
Armstrong sa id. "He's a terrific 
leader." 

"Long Beach was a very close 
game," McDonald said. "We just lost 
il at the end. lit was] u real heart-
breaker. especia lly after being u~ 
two goals:' 

UCSD rebounded from the Long 
Beach loss by dell1oli~hing an out-
classed and ovel111aH:hed Pasadena 
squad. The outcome was never in 
question in the 15 - ~,,1a ing. 

Overall. co·team ..:aptain Chris 
Weaver was "plea~ed with the level 
of play"' and predicted ".,ucce.,~:tgainsl 
college teams later in the ,ea,on." 

McDonald noted that the tourna-
ment gave UCSD a chance to in te-
grate some new player, into it., Myle 
of offen.,e and defen,e ;111(1 :11\0 al-
lowed it to unveil ih new "huck" 
offense -the completion of passes 
the length of the 70-yard field . 

'"The teumlooks really strong. We 
are better than we have been at this 
point in past years," McD nald said. 

TIle UC [ Tournament wa.'-.a warm-
up for the Ultim ate Players' 
Association \ National Open Series, 
which begins this weekend in Santa 
Barbara. 

UCSD staning goalie Michael 
Madden, struggling recently. regis-
tered six saves and allowed no goals. 

The Tritons provided most of Ihe 
game ' s offensive firepo~ ' 
outshooting Pomona f 9-9. 

"Ourteall1 is really deep this year," 
said Ripley, who was recently in-
serted into the starting line-up. "If you 
don't produce you don't play. That 
puts a 101 of pressure on all of us to 
perform." 

Overall , Armstrong was extremely 
pleased with the team' s perfonnance. 
He assel1ed that the Tritons showed 
no signs of the "panic attack" which 
plagued the team last weekend. 

"We showed no complacency 
whatsoever," Armstrong said. 

"We're on a roll," added Ripley. 
'The team chemistry is great. We are 
gening used to each other's moves 
and [Armstrong] i finding out where 
each player can help the team out the 
best." 

The Tritons wi ll match up against 
PI. Lorna Nazarene at home today. 

"Pt. Lama is always a tough team 
for us," Arnlstrong said. "It's never a 
game I look forward too." 

BEING-FIT®AEROBICS 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 

NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 
52 pinll all Disht 

50. dop duriDs the game 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
from :I pm.clNe. 
52 pinll on our 

BrewMuter SpeclalJ 
&om7pm-cl .. 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKJRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Stem. full of brew for $5 

153 with UCSD ID) 
Refills $2 each. lIVery week 

from 7 pm-clOle 
$22 per month on a monthlY basis -No Initiation Fee Iwirh rhis adl 

- Free weights - Nautlus - Ufecycles • Stairmasters 

BEING-F~ 3968 c:Iair.nont Mesa 1Mt., CIairnont Squcn 5happing CenIIr near Lee Words. behind Famous F~r 4I3-92M -
alto IocaIed MOr SOSU 1698-1702) 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Septrmber 30,1993 

GREGG 

mnn 
Intrepid Phil 
Wants Nachos 

If ir"s Seplember, il must be 
hockey eason. Yes, it's time to 
~ ro.~ the ice once again. I know the 

Canadians took home the 
Stanley Cup for a record 321 5t 
time or whatever only 13 weeks 
ago. The problem is that hockey 
is still a Canadian sport at heart. 
And hockey is pretty much all 
there is to do in Canada. 

Except for shooting moose or 
caribou or snowshoe rJbbits for 
dinner. In fact. the only reason 
the NHL stops play at all is so 
that Canadians can go and shoot 
a whole bunch of caribo\l in 
order to develop an extra layer 
of fat for the long winter's 
hibernation. 

Anyway, as any of you who 
witnessed the sti rring Anaheim 
Mighty Ducks-San Diego Gults 
exhibition last week know, 
hockey is back in a big way. The 
Mighty Ducks, lookiilg like a 
psychotic Donald with an 
attitude problem, thrashed the 
ground-bound Gulls, 5-1. 

It had altthe appeal you'd 
expect from :1 COOlest featuring a 
bottom-tier NHL team sljuaring 
off with a minor league squad. 
There were a couple of really 
cheap goals, a fight, some 
l.).;brow-raising plays and huge 
lines being tended to by slow-
footed people at the concession 
stand. 

I was the first of our group to 
tempt fate and brave the snack 

Senior defender Heather Sears (19) comes from behind to prevent a USD opponent from centeme the bal from the wing In earlier action. 
\ bar. I logically entered the 
'shorte'l line and contemplated 
which lip-smacking delectables I 
would treat my eager palette to. 
Ten minutes later, I was still 
contemplating. You see. I 
happened to forget this pesky 
corollary to Murphy's Law: No 
maner how short your line at the 
concession stand is, you will be 
standing there until the playoffs 
because your server will be the 
mental equivalent of relish. 

WOMEWS SOCCER: UCSD stays undefeated with fifth overtime victory, 2-1, over qtl Poly Pomona 

So aftd-a fortnight or two 
watching this human condiment 
attempt to use the hot dog tongs 
without injuring himself and 
answering questions like "00 
you have Diet Coke?" with 
quick-wined answers such as 
"Pretzel?" I switched lines. 

But my concession stand tale 
of woe doesn't compare to the 
horror story of fellow hockey en-
thusiast Intrepid Phil. Obviously 
spurred on by the same kind of 
grim determill3lion found in labo-
ratory rats who know they are go-
ing to get shocked but try for the 
food pellet anyway, Intrepid spent 

See INtREPID, Page 12 

ByGrea Wrem 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD's women' s soccer team has been getting 
less respect than Rodney Dangerfield singing the 
"Ave Maria" in the nude at Carnegie Hall lately. 

National polls, which 
placed the Tritons third at the 
stan of the season, dropped 
the team to 20th following a 
tie with Claremont. Now that 
UCSD is 5-0-1 after a 2·1 
overtime victory overCal Poly 
Pomona the pollsters have 
seen tit to drop the Tritons out 
of the top 20 altogether. 

National rankings may not 
mean much. but they still can 
be a measure of respect for'a 

team, especially in other areas ofthecotlntry where 
the only, thing another school may know about a 
team is its place in the polls'. 

"We' doll't think about the rankings," UCSD 
Head Coach Brian McManus said. "They're not 
importanlto us." 

Even so, the Tritons should look to move up in 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
W __ 'a V.I.JIMI; 

Fri., Oct. 1 vs. UCR at Main Gym, 7:00 p.m. 
.... • ... ce •• 

Sun., Oct 3 vs. ChaRfTlan University at North ReId, 1:00 p.m. 
.... • ••• u.r: 

Today vs. pt. Lorna Nazarene at North Field, 3:30 p.m. 
Sun., Oct 3 vs. Chapman University at North Reid, 3:30 p.m. 

Cra •• ~. b)': 
Sat., Oct. 2, Stanford University Invitational, 4:00 p.m. 

...... W .... Palo: 
SUn., Oct. 3 vs. UCSD Alumni at Canyonvlew, 11:00 a.m. 

the rankings following Monday's win. In what is 
becoming a recurring theme this season, UCSDfell 
behind before coming back to take the win. 

Pomona struck fIrSt on a comer lcick play when 
Bronco Molly Schulman was able to get the ball 
past Triton back-up goalkeeper Kelly Pearson, who 
was playing ~ause of the illness of starter Cari 
Schwartz. 

With 17 minutes to play in regUlation. the Tri-
tons'leading scorer, Carin Pugh, knotted die score 
at one. 

Pugh scored the game winner in overtime as 
well. Teammate Carrie Peer crossed the ball from 
the right side across the goal and to the back post. 
Pugh knifed jnside, sending a header past. Bronco 
keeper Jennifer Bryant seven minutes iNo the extra 
period. 

It was not an easy game for UCSD. Pomona was 
a physical team, and the Broncos roughed up the 
Tritons in the first half before McManus got his 
troops to respond in kind in the second half. The 
smog and blistering heat took a loll on UCSD as 
well. 

"It wasn't a pretty game. We let ourselves be 
See W. SOCCER, page 12 

Dan McOowetI/GuIrIf., 
DI..a MuchowUl (3) .... DNn ... sky for 
........ OWI'", ..... '. extended hands. 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 
Golfer Bobby Cupit. while tryil1 to qualify for 

the NatJonaJ Open In 1964, teed off and nailed 
a duck who unfortunately happened to be flying 
by in midair. The ball and the duck both took a 
nosediVe and landed in the fairway. 

The duck was stunned, but got up and flew 
INlay. The golf ball just Iayed there. Cupit played 
it and ended up with a two over par for the hole. 

The golfer got himself a birdie, but scored a 
double bogey. 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART. II EN' E R , A I N MEN' S E PTE M B E R 30, 1 9 9 3 

IN 
THE 

NEWS 

ROCK 

• Two years ago Mazzy 
St. released a stunning 
dcrbut that topped many 
year-end album charts. 
Capitol Records plans to 
unveil So Tonight That I 
May See, the group 's 
follow-up. on Oct. 5. 
• On Tuesday, Restless 
Records released In 
Defense of.4nlmak a 
cOmpilation which features 
previously unreleased songs 
by R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe, 
Concrete Blonde, Helmet 
and Skinny Puppy. Proceeds 
will go to the animal rights 
group after which the 
release is titled. 

LOCAL 

• On Oct. I 1 Cargo 
Records will release a 
collection of singles by 
Rocket from the 
Crypt, a San Diego band 
that was signed to 
Interscope last Spring. 
Entitled All Systems Go!, the 
CD was previously only 
available in Japan and 
includes singles and 
previously-unreleased 
songs. 
• The North Coast 
Repertory will be staging 
''The Fifteen Minute 
Hamlet" and ''The Real 
Inspector Hound," two plays 
written by Tom Stoppard. 
Stoppard's "Rosencrantz 
and Guildenstem Are Dead" 
ranks with Beckett's 
"Waiting For Godot" for its 
frankness about the absence 
of transcendental meaning in 
the modem world. Low-
priced previews start loda~, 
and the play will run 
through Nov. 7. 

F I L M 

• Based on the short stories 
of lhe American writer 
Raymond Carver. Robert 
Altman's new film $hort 
Cuts received a glowing 
review in this month's 
RoilillK Stolle. Apparently, 
RS film critic Peter Travers 
was invited 10 a private 
screening (perhaps the 
reasor for such a gushing 
review). and even though 
the film is over three hours 
long, Travers hails it 1m 
A1ttnan's best work. The 
film is scheduled to open in 
San Dieao on Oct. 22. 

courtesy 
~ (Christine 1Wnos). SIuIvonne (Deena M.tin) and Joel (Michelle Burke) discuss 
their lives In .... intimate surroundinp of the ..... bdnom In o.zed .", Confused. 

Film Shaws Complexity of 
Youth Culture in the '70s 

By Pat Durkee 
GunrWnIl Rt'IJOrIt'r 

l
azed and Confused is 
hands-down the best 
film ever made about 

getting was.ted. It takes its place 
among the classics of the dissi-
pated suburban teen-film genre 
because director and writer Rich-
ard Linklater neatly captures both 
the exhilarating and troubling 
aspects of the youth culture 
he represents. 

The film, which follows 
a group of high school and 
junior high sChool students 
on the last day of school in 
1976, is centered around 
mild debauchery and the haz-
ing rituals inflicted on the incom-
ing freshmen by the older kids. On the one 
hand,Linklater'sfoUow-uptohisacclaimed 
debut, the often-troubling Slacker, is a sin-

cere homage to a time and place in which 
the conditions were truly ripe for getting 

high and driving around. 
Butontheotherhand,Dazed 

and Confused elicits a darker 
consideration of those years. 
The freshmen initiates are sub-

jected to brutal and humiliating 
treatment, and some of the char-

acters remark upon the sense of 
a~lessness and inauthenticity which 

pelVades the era in 
which Grand Funk 
Railroad is king. 

WhileDazed and Con-
fused is, to a great ex-
tent, an affectionate and 

nostalgic nod to the 
easy-going '70s, it 
also remembers 

that while everyone was getting wasted, a 
lot was going to waste. 

See DAZED, page H2 

INTERVIEW 

A Budding 
Director 
Discusses 
His Work 
By Pat Durkce 
Gllflfditlll /?t'/lIJrlt'r 

Director Richurd Linklater ' ~ 
first film. Slacker. i, no\\ con-
sidered acult cla~sic . DC/:I!d IIl1d 
CUllfllsed, his follow-up film 
about a high school graduation 
which takes place one night in 
1976, was released la~t Friday to 
positive reviews. During II re-
cent phone interview. Linkkller 
spoke about teen culture. the '7(b 
and some of the main theme~ in 
Da:ed alld Coli/used. 

Guardian: Dazed and 
Contused has been com-
pared to American Graf-
fiti. How do you feel about 
that? 

Link/ater: / guess j"~ to be 
expected because it's in the genre 
of teenage movies, but it kincla 
tells me something about [the 
reviewers J - what about all the 
other great teenage movies? I 
put GI'lJjJili ~omewhere up lhere. 
but its not in the top handful. .. I 
like the more edgy ones like 
O,'e,.,lIe Edge and Ril'er's Edge. 

As I watched Dazed 
andConfused, I compared 
it to Over the Edge in that 
it seems to be about kids 
trying to create commu-
nity in difficult situations ... 

Well , adults get in the way. 
Kids do need that community 
and you create it llnyway you 
can because you don't officially 
have your own place. I mean 
you have yourcarormaybe your 
bedroom but that\ still in your 
parents' house - you don' t have 
any room to call your own ... 
But teenagers do organize them-
selves well and they do create a 
community with all the ritual, 
and hierurchies. People wonder 
why teenagers do all the things 
they do - Icomillunity I is a 
need. 

I thought that the ex-
tent of the sense of com-
munity among the kids in 
Dazed and Contused was 
unusual for this genre. 

Yeah, weil l like the way they 
all get along: In D{J:ecl there'~ a 
certain unea ine s among dif-
ferent groups. Like. the mean 
guy, O' Bannon, fucks wi th 
Slater [the film' . SloneI' char.tc-
ter]. He drives up and ~ays "Hey 
Slaler. gimme drugs" and they 
kinda yell. but yet. they have to 
See LlNKLATER, page H2 



IIIATUS 2 

1M Modem Music Ouartet 

KRONOS 
QUARTET 
October 7 • Thursday 
8pm • Mandeville Aud. 

St. $14, G.A. $18, Sr.CIt. $16 

Alaska's premier 
Nallva theatre company 

NAA KAHIDI 
THEATER 
October 24 • Sunday 
8pm • Mandeville Aud. 
St. $11, G.A. $15, Sr.CIL $13 

Critically acclaimed vocalist 
& composer performs 

her work: -Judgement Day" 

DIAMANDA 
GALAS 

October 26 • Tuesday 
8pm • Mandeville Aud. 

St. $14, G.A. $18, Sr.CIt. $16 

Satirical comedian, 

UCSD Chamber 
. Music Series 

YSAYE 
QUARTET 

November 6 • Sat. 
8pm • Mandeville Aud. 

UCSD St. $10, G.A. $18 

oetor & writer (star of 
Oliver Stone's Talk Radio) 

ERIC 
BOGOSIAN 
October 29 • Friday 
8pm • Mandeville Aud. 
St. $15, G.A. $19, Sr.CIL $17 

Spectacular African 
Music & Dance 

lES BALLETS 
AFRICAINS 

November 18 & 19 
Thurs. & Friday • 8pm 

Spreckels Theatre 
St. $15130, G.A. $25135 

Sr. (It. $ 20130 

ueSD Box Office: 534-64&7 

Call 534-4890 for ,our free 
CI II III' •• In bnchure 

~~Aod.S7E9. 
_---==;If~~'==~ 
at .'878·Tlxe c ____ .... 

The UCSD Guardian 

UNKLATER: 
'Let's just consider the 
whole Generation X 
thing a failed 
marketing strategy' 
ContInued from PIP Ht 
be around each other. The town's 
only so big ... it's like being in the 
same prison tog.ether. There's an ef· 
fort to get along, and that seems to be 
something about the '70s as well. 

And yet the IcInds of com-
m...at)< that the Idds In the 
.... .....ap to create for 
them ... emerp, to a great 
extent, out of these bndaI 
lliiltiation rituals which have a 
• trona component of sexual 
.............. aexlllllzedvloo 
lance. What ....... W8'e you 
tryInc to raise with that? 

My primary thing there was just 
the ritual of being initiated. Being 
built up into the image of what you 
want to be, of the group you're will-
ing to become a part of ... [the hu-
miliation) is something they have to 
go through in order to become a cool 
high school kid. 

But to get there, the power struc-
ture wants to dismantle you, humili-
ate you, and in the girls' case, there's 
a lot of sexual humiliation. It's reduc-
ing you down to nodting, kinda like 
the military .... 

How do you feelltbout .... 
.... .... of ... '7Oa nos .. 
.. ? 

I swear to God, two years ago 
when I was writing this film, that 
wasn't anywhere on the horizon ... 
that's all just crept up. It would have 
been nice to have been the very first 
thing out but it's too late. 

What attracted you to th .. 
period? One of the Interest· 

DAZED: Film 
avoids usual pitfalls of 
teen movies 
Continued from pace H1 

What sets Dazed and COl/fused 
apart from fluffy teenage hijinks films 
such as American Graffiti and Fast 
Times or Ridgemont High is its em-
phasis on the kids' faltering attempts 
at community building. 

Like their much more troubled 
and alienated counterparts in River's 
Edge, what the kids in Dazed and 
Confused seem to be looking for as 
they cruise the town in beautiful vin-
tage muscle cars is an effective way 
to hang out together. 

.......... -.ut that time .. 
that 11'. rIPt lifter VIetn.n. 

Yeah, it's post-everything. Post-
Watergate, post-Vietnam. There's a 
feeling of permissiveness. There was 
a shift, I think, fromconcem with the 
government toconcem with the self. 

1t'.In ........ you should 
mention thkahlft to concerns 
with the ..... One .... the 
movie pta to .. the Idea that 
youth culture w .. ,,"ntialy 
........ ..,protnt .... tthe 
w •• 

But once the w.-w .. over, 
you had thl. fully·formed 
coulller-c:ultw'e loosed from 
Its poiltlcai urpncy which 
turned then to dIuIpation. 
. Well, without really calling it a 

failure, I think a lot of people had 
reached their limit on how much 
activism and protest worked. Ulti-
mately it did work and was effective, 
but then you run out of issues ... then 
you're just part of a self interest 
group. 

Every young person with a brain 
in their head would logically be 
againstthewarand be for ci vii rights. 
But those causes were won, in a 
certain way. And now that the war 
was over, [the feeling was] "well, 
what's it gonna be?" 

There'. been a caneral 
comrnoclllcdon of the whole 
Idea of aIIcken ..... Genera· 
tIon X .... .. that. It seems 
.e there's a whole mInI-in-
..try devoted to producinc 
.......,.. articles on this 
1Ubject. What ... your gen-
................. ofthlspopu-
... notion of GeneratIon X? 

Its been a weird thing to watch, 
over a two-year period, devolve into 
parody. I have a pretty aloof attitude 
toward it all now. [mean.! never had 
much of an attitude toward it any-

This aspect of the film is brought 
out through the relationship between 
senior Randy "Pink" Floyd (Jason 
London) and freshman Mitch (Wiley 
Wiggins), who has been singled out 
forspecial torture by the senior bully. 

As Pink schools Mitch on how to 
be cool and participate in the hedo-
nistic world of teenage party culture, 
Mitch forgets the humiliation ofhaz-
ing and settles into the pleasure of 
girls, marijuana and cruising with 
the in-crowd. 

But Mitch's transfonnation, and 
the film in general, is saved from the 
hokiness of the coming-of-age motif 
which always plagues teen films be-
cause Linklater concentrates on a 
much darker and more interesting 

Thursday, Scpt('mbcr 30, ]993 

way because I never thought that 
that was what Slacker was about. 

That's just one kind of hook by 
which it's tied into the culture. It 's 
best to just say, "leave me alone. 
Don't sell cars to us. Don't make TV 
shows about us." Its better to be in 
the margins. Let them go back to the 
Baby-Boomers. They still have all 
the money anyway. 

There has been a new crop 
of articles In the press lately 
saylna, "walt, the Baby· 
Boomers aren't finished yet. 
They're sill consuming just 
as much as ever." 

Oh, they ' re consuming more. 
There's more of them and they have 
more money, so let's just consIder 
the whole Generation X thing a failed 
marketing strategy. 

But SIlIcker is a critical 
.." with a lot of important 
Ide. In H, MId H'5 fascinating 
the way that Its treabnent In 
the popu'" media seems to 
actually dull the Impact, the 
way the critical aspect of any 
Idea Is dulled by Its absorp-
tion into this media appar. 
lui. 

It 's like what Noam Chomsky 
says. The sound bite just isn' t long 
enough to give an intelligent analy-
sis. To get into something takes at 
least several minutes ... and most of 
the media isn' t capable of that , and 
so it limits you to ound bites and 
quips. 

There's a limitation on that mode 
of communication to begin with. 
There's no way to win. People de-
scribed Slacker as "people in their 
twenties who don 't I"t~ally do any-
thing." Butthat ' s not what it 's about. 
There 's actually a lot goi ng on. 
There 's a lot of thought and r didn 't 
think the people were apathetic at 
<III. 

theme. 
In an alienating suburban land-

scape. the kids' creation of their own 
communities is often aChieved in 
perverse and painful ways. 

Likewise, the pelvasive sex ism 
and aggression toward women in 
teenage boy culture is starkly dem-
onstrated by palty-jock Don (Sasha 
Jenson) who sexually harasses his 
female pals throughout the entire 
film. 

Dazed and Confused avoids the 
traps mostteen movies fall into. The 
film shows that the sheer joy its 
characters take in communally rock-
ingout to the Edgar Wimer Group is 
achieved only against strong cul-
turalodds. 

planes, 
trains, Student Health OPTOM ETRY 

automo-
biles 

and many 
other ways at 

ptting 

around and 

getting away 

can be found 

inth. 

" Guardian 
clasaifieda. 

Come lee WI, 
upetai ... in 

the Student 
Ceo&er,above 
theOtMrll 
.... 

Eye Exams 

Fashion Frames 
$37 

starling at $35 
Single Vision Lenses $40 

Visual Care 
Student Health Building 
534·2802 for appointment 
M·F 8:00-12:00 1 :00·4:00 

UCSD Students and employees only 
Contact IenIes available 

.. 

Thursday, September30,l993 

This Week 

FRIDAY 

Ray ... .,. will perfonn at 
BlindMelon'sinPacificBeach 
at 9 p.m. to celebrate the re-
lease of Satan's Horn, his de-
but album. 

Noel RIley FItcII will read 
selections from her biography 
of Anais Nin at the Blue Door 
Bookstore in Hillcrest at 7:30 
p.m. Info: 298-8610. 

M.......-.t 01, an Australian 
rock band concerned with en-
vironmental issues, will per-
fonnatSDSU'sOpenAirThe-
atre at 7:30 p.m. Hothouse 
Flower. and Countln. 
'Crowsopen.lnfo: 278-TIXS. 

TIle IIoWIoI Ballet opens its 
North American tour at the 
Civic Theatre at 8 p.m. Tickets 
range from S18.50 to S38.50. 
Info: 236-6510. There will also 
be a performance Saturday. 

Stand-Up comedian Ellen 
.,.. ........ will perform at 
the-Spreckels Theatre at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are S18.50 in advance, 
S20 at the door. Info: 570-1222. 

Flutist John Fonvlle and his 
colleagues will perfonn con-

WITH 

bSlbsHilllSlOCl[i 
AND (OUMTING (ROWS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ourand 
·ABour 

temporary chamber music at Theatre at 8 p,m. with rapper 
the Mandeville Recital Hall at Me Phi Me. This show repeats 
8 p.m. Tickets are S5 for stu- Sunday night at 8 p.m. Info: 
dents. Info: 534-3229. 278-TIXS. 

Dick Couch will sign and 
discuss his new espionage book 
Silent Descent from 7 to 9 p.m . 

Mandeville Annex at the Barnes and Noble Book-
from 6 to 9 p.m. store in Del Mar. Info: 48 1-

4038. 
Country stars Clint Blllckand 
Wynona perform at the SUNDAY 
Mirannar Naval Air Station at 
8 p.m. Info: 278-TIXS. Peter Nero will perfonn 

compositions by George 
The CWD Film Series will Gershwin at the Civic Theatre 
present Neil Jordan's The at2:30p.m. Tickets range from 
Qyirc Game, a film which S 12 to $24.50. Info: 236-65 I O. 
created a stir because of the 
identity of one of its charac- ..... and Bob Dyl.awill 
ters. The film will show at 7 play at 5 p.m. at the Sports 
p.m. in Solis 107. Admission Arena. Dylan will take the stage 
is free . flJ'Sl. Tickets range from $ I 4 to 

S35.lnfo: 278-TIXS . 
SATURDAY 

WEDNESDAY 
.... will sing her sultry pop 
ballads at SDSU's Open Air You've probably read hervit-

• FRIDAY 
OCTOBER 1 

7:10PM 

riolic column in the Reader 
and now you have a chance 
to see GIna Arnold in per-
son. Famous for hating the 
Grateful Dead, Arnold wiU 
read from her book Route 
666: On the Road to Nirvana 
at the Blue Door Bookstore 
in Hillcrest at 7 :30 p.m. Info: 
298-8610. 

Theater 

Lyceum Theatre: "Bessie's 
Blues," a play about Blues 
singer Bessie Smith, runs 

throug~ Oct. 23. Perfonnances 
are Tuesday through Saturday 
at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 and 
7 p.m. Tickets range from $18 
to $24. Info: 235-8025. 

M ...... I Weiss Theatre: 
"Sweet and Hot: The Music of 
Harold Arlen," features six 
dancers and singers and runs 
through Oct. 3 I . Perfonnances 
are at 8 p.m. Tuesday through 
Friday, 2 and 8 p.m. Saturday, 
and 2 and 7 p.m. Sunday. Info: 
550-1010 . 

ManIeII W .... FonInc Cul-
ture Clash's comedy, "The 
Mission," runs through Oct. 
10. Perfonnances are at 8 p.m. 
Tuesday through Friday. 2 and 
8 p.m. Saturday and 2 and 7 
p.m. Sunday. Info: 550-1010. 

-, 
IIIATUS 3 

Galleries 

MimdeYllIeGaHery:"Docu-
menting America , 1935-
1943," an exhibit of photos 
commissioned by the Fann 
Security Administration dur-
ing the New Deal/World War 
o era, will beondisplay through 
Oct. 31. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Sunday from noon 
to 5 p.m. Tuesday . Admissi~ 
is free. Info: 534-2864. ., 

s..DiegoMuseumofArt: 
Prints by acclaimed American 
aritist Helen Frankenthalerwill 
go on display Saturday and be 
on exhibit through December 
5. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday, 10 a.m. to 
4:30 p.m. Info: 232·793 1. 

Museum ofContetnpOlay 
Art: "Contemporary Mexican 
Women Painters" will be QO 
display through Nov. 14. Gal-
lery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Tuesday through Sunday. Info: 
454-354 1. 

Porter Randall Gallery: 
Albert Chong' photographs 
of Western African religious 
groups will be on display 
through Nov. 6. There wi ll be 
a reception for Chong at7 p.m. 
Friday. Admission is free. Info: 
551-8884. 

HThe Kronos Quartet is shaking up classical music the same \ "1 
way the Beatles shook up pop," Roiling Stone M8gazlne " 

OcrOBER 7 • THURS. • 8PM • UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD Box OFACE • 534·6467 

II Including Aobinaon's·May. Tower Records, Music Plus, select Wherehouse 
, -= locations, Ana n., PerII'"t Book Worm and IIle Aztec Center Box 0IfIc:8 . No 

containers of any kind 01" alcoholic beverages permitted on or around !he .~ 
lacdily. To charge by phone call 278·TIXS. ,-' 



HIATUS 4 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, September 30, 1993 

fl 0.. TB E 0 II f( r 0 I 0 F -TIl: E ADD & • S FA IlLY· 

Michael ~ .Fox 

Nirvana comes to grips with its 5Udden suc:c:ess on In Utero. 

Advertise in The Guardian today. Call 534-3466. 

~~in~~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos lEVA ON SALE 
Sale ends October 31st 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 
..ta, Sad4te 3761 Mission Blvd .• SO 92109488·1134 

Nirvana's latest album,!11 Utero. 
isan intentionally less-polished work 
than the trio's previous album, 
Nevermind. Nevermind shocked 
everyone, including the band, by 
tossing Nirvana into the great big 
rock-god spotlight. But in many 
ways, In Utero is far better than the 
album that rose flannel flags all over 
Seattle. 

While Nevermind was a refined 
attempt at major label success, 111 
Utero is amuch more honest album. 
Gone is the over-produced sound, 
the special effects and the rock-star 
pretenses. Steve Albini 's produc-
tion of III Utero is blood-red raw 
when compared to Butch Vig's 
Nevermil1d. 1fanything,ln Utero is 
reminiscent of the band's first LP, 
Bleach,and some of the songs from 
the recently-produced collection of 
B-sides and re-releases entitled 
Illcesticide. 

The last minute re-mixing of the 
vocal tracks on III Utero was well 
worth pushing back the release date 
of the album. The vocals on the 
latest record bring lead singer and 

Now Open On Miramar Road 

eye eSiNC. 
Motorcycle Parts • Accessories • Service 

Com -,J Out ur 
Grand Opening rices 
ANY STUDENT WITH ID ALWAYS 

GETS I 0% OFF* 
Tel- 622·1088 
Fax- 622·1288 

5810 MIRAMAR ROAD 
R 

Miramar Road 

Nirvana 
In Utero 
DOC Records 

guitarist Kurt Cobain in from the 
distance of MTV stardom to an 
intimate, friendl y level. 

It is clear that Nirvana has never 
beenquitecomfortablewith its huge 
success. Soon afterNevermind went 
multi-platinum, the band scuttled 
into seclusion in an attempt to gather 
its wits and give the Seattle hype a 
chance to simmer down. 

Finally the band seems to have 
come to grip with its skyrocketing 
popUlarity. 

"I don't feel the least bit guilty 
for commercially exploiting a com-
pletely exhausted Rock Youth Cu 1-
ture because, at this point in rock 
history, Punk Rock (while still sa-
cred to some) is, to me, dead and 
gone," writes Cobain in the liner 
notes to Incesticide. 

III Utero proves that the band 
still has a sense of humor about its 
unexpected trip to super-stardom. 
Nirvana pokes fun at itself with the 
line that opens the album: "Teenage 
angst has paid off well, now I'm 
bored and old." Similarly, a song 
entitled, "Frances FarmerWill Have 

MO 

Her Revengeon Seattle." is a scorch-
ing rebuttle to Seattle-fever, which 
feat ures Cobain longing for "the 
comfort in being ad." Perhaps most 
effective in conveying Nirvana's 
attitude is a photograph in the liner 
notes of bassist Chris Novoselic 
being interviewed by MTV. 

All kidding aside, 111 Utero, has 
someamazingtrack .Songssuchas 
" tourette's" are phenomenal ex-
amples of Nirvana 's tribute to punk 
rock whilesongslike"Dumb"prove 
that Cobain is still one of the best 
pop songwriters in recent rock his-
tory. 

The melodies in "Rape Me" and 
"Heart-Shaped Box," which are in 
heavy rotation on the airwaves, are 
the catchiest tunes since TIle Seatles' 
" I Want to Hold Your Hand." 

III Utero contains the full spec-
trum of Ni rvana's ralentfromquirky 
pop songs to fierce, aggressi ve punk. 
The quality of the songwriting and 
the retum to a less glossy sound 
prove that Nirvana has not let suc-
cess go to its head. 

-Dan Krauss 

LY. 
U.C.S.D. 

Monopoly Tournament 
Saturday! Oct. 2, 1993. 

1 p.m. 
Price Center Gameroom 

Sign up at the Gameroom 
Ent!:y fee; $2.50. 

Cash prizes. 

w 
._--

fX1 I 

--Thll1'8da y, Sept!.'11I her 30, 1993 The UCSD Guardian IIIATUS "5 

THE HELEN EDISON LECTURE SERIES 
presents 

• Environmental Activism: 
The Crusade for Nature' 

Paul Watson 
environmental activist and 
founding member of 
Greenpeace 

Wednesday, October 6 
7 p.m. 

Robinson Auditorium 
Graduate School of 

. International Relations 
and Pacific Studies 

Paul Watson has been an environmental activist since 
he was eight years old, when he and his friends would tree 
animals from traps In thewlldemess of his native Canada, Paul 
Watson has dedicated his lite to the preservation of nature 
from the perils of modern man and development. 

Watson now works with the Sea Shepherd Society 
which he founded In 1977. The Sea Shepherd Society works to 
protect marine life by enforcing Intematlpnal treaties and 
regulations govemlng the oceans, treaties Watson claims are 
not enforced by the govemlng entities. The group accom-
plishes this mission through tactics that have been considered 
very controversial. 

For more Information cali 534-3400. 

FRIDA KAIIO 
MIRROR OF MEXICO: 

A MULTIME'DIA PRESENTATION 
LECTURE IY GREGORIO LUkE, 

FIRST SECRETARY TO THE EMIASSY OF MEXICO 
THE FILM FR. DA, DIRECTED IV PAUL LEDUC. 

TONIGHT, THURSDAY· 7:00 P.M. 
UCSD'S MAND~VlllE AUDITORIUM Ii< "f'w~"'­

G ..... $8.00· STUDENTS $5.00 • UCSD lOX OFFICE: U"-6"67 

Finally ... 
FAST Help 
With Your 

Student Loan 
) -Fast 

-weal 
We dare other lenders to beat 
us! If you need special help, 
we aren't a vague voice in 
New York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help'. 

Free Credit Union Membership 
for Student Loan Applicants! 

We waive your membership fee and you enjoy 
outstanding financial services from any of 22 countywide 

branch locations. Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Fmancial Aid Department 



HIAIDS 6 

Crossing Cultural 

Bom 
Poet leray Quintaoo will readfrom his 

work at the Bookstore to celebrate 
Hispanic Heritage Month 

By Yuzlllin Ghonaim 
Guardian HelJOrter 

Hispanic Heritage Month was 
established in 1988 to ce1ebmte the 
accomplishments of Hispanic 
Americans. To mark the occasion, 
which began Sept. 15 and continues 
through Oct. 15, the UCSD Book-
store has invited two award-win-
ning Hispanic writers, poet Leroy 
Quintana and fiction writer Nash 
Candelaria, to read from their work 
today at noon. Unfortunately, 
Candelaria is ill and will be unable 
to appear, but Quintana is still sched-

uled to speak. 
Born in Albuquerque, New 

Mexico in 1944, Quintana i cur-
rently a professor of English at Mesa 
College in San Diego. He is the 
author of severell books of poetry, 
including Sangre, which is about 
his experience in the Vietnam War, 
and The HistOfY of Home. Both 
were American Book Award win-
ners. 'The selections Quintana will 
read at the Bookstore will be from 
The Histoly of Home. 

~ ~o, 
I,~::',{ t. .......... ~ ~ fo'l, 'b' 

~041 \' ~ .... " 

The UCSD Guardian 

. Photo Courtesy 01 the Bilingual Press 
Leroy Q'*dana haa won American Book Awards for 
his books of poetry. 

During a recent phone intelView, 
Quintana explained that his work is 
not just directed toward Hispanic 
Americans. 

"It's time that people take the 
opportunity [to learn about other 
cultures]," he said, citing a famous 
line by Martin Luther King, Jr. 

Quintana said his poetry is "not that 
difficult to go beyond or cross over. 
The more particular something is, 
the more universal it becomes." 

Quintana will read today at noon 
at the Bookstore in the Price Center. 
For more information, call 534-
3149. 

,,;f'. \ .. ,fA .. , ,, 1." ~ 
-..:.....------....J.,' v: ....... d' , ...... ~;;.... ________________________ _ 

, ~"'~« )~ AND 

Student Checking With Summers Free. 
. Wells Fargo's Student ATM Checking'· is 
Just $4.50 per month when you do all your banking 
at the ATM. You'll get three summer months free 
for as lon~ as you're in school, unlimited check-
writing With no per-check charges, and access to 
more than 1700 Wells Fargo Express'· ATMs with no 
per-transaction fees. You can even open a savings 
account free when you open your checking account. 

Free First Year Student Vi .. - Membership. 
Apply for our Student Visa Card and you can get 

a $700 credit limit, with free membership for the 
first year when you sign up for overdraft protection. 

You'll also find a wide range of federal 
student loans. In fact, nobody puts it all together 
for you like Wells Fargo. So drop by the bank 
where you can choose paper and plastic today-
and ask about our free t-shirt offer. 

WEIJS FARGO BANK 
Stop by )'Our local Wells Fargo branch today: 

UTC Office, 41115 La Jolla Villa~ Dr.,455-7080 
La Jolla Office, 7714 Gir.ml A¥e., 454-0!J61 

Pacific Beac6rIbrquoile Office, 5180 Million Blvd., 488·2828 
$5 MlcUdoul = 1ft when tranuctiona lift .... IIIIide • bnnda. See our CoaIu-.- Dilcloeuft Statement about lerma and coacUtiou 
bWeUa'up I_ta. 0199'. WfB, N.A. Member FDIC 

Thursday, Septe~r 30,1993 

Annette 
A Musical Reunion 
with America ~ Girl 

Next Door 
.,....., Records 

I have some fond childhood 
memories of Annette Funicello. In 
the mid '50s I raced home from 
grade school to catch the late t epi-
sode of Spin alld Marty and the 
sounds of the Mousketeers (includ-
ing Annette, Cubby and Sharon) on 
the early Mickey Mouse Club Show. 
When I started Metuchen High in 
1958, Dick Clark 'sAmericall Band-
stand became theaftemoon show to 
watch. Annette Funicello, probably 
the most famous Mousketeer, 
moved from kids' songs to a num-
ber of novelty hits, including "Tall 
Paul" and "Pineapple Princess" in 
the early '60s. Through herassocia-
tion with Disney, albums such as 
Hawaiiannette, Italiallllette , 
Danceannette andAnllette on Cam-
pus appeared, while Annette trav-
eled with Dick Clark 's Caravan of 
Stars road show. 

A two-CD set includes songs 
from Annette's illustrious musical 
career. Annette: A Musical Reunion 
with America's Girl Next Door has 
a' great sampling of the Annette 
Sound. Almost half of the 47 songs 
are remastered and several never-
before-released song versions are 
included. "Pineapple Princess" still 
rattles my cage. 

In some ways,Annette was ahead 
of her time. Her teenage voice was 
enhanced by a special overdubbing 
technique developed by Disney re-
cording head Tutti Camarata. This 
process was later used by the Beatles. 

But Annette is most famous for 
making a multitude of beach mov-
ies and beach songs. in the '60s. 
These films still find an audience, 
as Annette and Frankie Avalon re-
cently highlighted a I O-hour beach 

- movie mal'athon on Kn..A (Muscle 
Beach Party is available on video-
tape and Laserdisc). 

In the mid '80s Annette and 
Frankie starred in Paramount's Back 
to the Beach, spoofing their earlier 
beach blanket hits. Annette cut her 
country album on StaJView Records 
in 1984 - check out "Promised 
Land" and "The Race is On" if you 
want to hear the Annette Sound at 
its pinnacle. 

1be 4O-page full-color compan-
ion book ma,nificently details 
Annette's career and leaves the 
reader with a warm glow from meet-
ing America's self-professed Girl 
Next Door. l'hanIt you Annette! 

-6111 ........ 


