
Elsewhere 

DA VIS - Student reaction to 
the surprise announcement that 
UCD Chancellor Ted Hullar 
will be on an eight-month 
"assignment" at the UC 
headquarters has been mixed, 
with most concerned and 
uncertain about the future 
leadership of UC Davis. Many 
students approved of the new 
assignment because they were 
frustrated by Holland's 
spending to refurbish many 
buildings on campus. However, 
others think that Executive Vice 
Chancellor Larry Vanderhoef 
will do a better job of running 
the campus, and that Hullar's 
assignment was a "delicate way 
of firing him." 

UCSB EnvIrorimentaI 
Studies In ......, 
SANTA BARBARA - The' 
head ofUCSB's Environmen-
tal Studies Program presented 
campus administrators and 
faculty leaders an ultimatum 
last week to either increase 
financial backing for the 
discipline or phase out 
instruction and discontinue the 
program. College of Letters 
and Science Dean Daniel Hone 
aid that the program has not 

been allocated the same 
resources as full departments 
because of its interdisciplinary 
nature. The UCSB Chancellor 
will review the case next year. 

UCD Student Plaintiff 
In DennY'1 Case 
DA VIS - Following charges 
of alleged racial discrimination 
against African-Americans 
filed on March 24, a c1ass-
action lawsuit was brought 
against the Denny's restaurant 
chain. UCD student Bryan 
Avery is among the 32 listed 
plaintiffs in the suit. According 
to the complaint, Avery and his 
friends were asked to pay a $2 
advance charge for their meal at 
a San Jose Denny's. Evidence 
of discrimination was isolated, 
but the Justice Department will 
not levy any fines . 

Inside 

STAIRWAY 
SPECTACLE: Cults use an 
elaborate system to lure 
people into their grasp. 11 

SPORTS: The UCSD golf 
team took on the San Diego 
Golf Academy. 14 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ........................ 2 
LIGHTS AND SIRENS ............. 2 
OPINION .............................. 4 
SPECTACLE .... .................... SI 
CLASSIFIEDS ...................... 10 
SPORTS .............................. 14 

, H E u c 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1993 

nEW MUSIC FESTIual 

One Mighty Mighty Bosstones fan dove Into the crowd after being Invtted onstace by the banel. 

STAGE 

U CSD's annual New Music Festival featured Best Kissers in the World, Rust, Thelonious Monster, School of Fish and The Mighty 
Mighty Bosstones on Saturday afternoon. The free 
six-hour concert was nearly shut down by security 
when the Bosstones invited their fans on stage. About 
30 people climbed up on the stage to dance and sing 
with the band. Lead singer Dicky Barrett instructed 
people to stay away from the trombone player and 
refrain from violence. "Let's show them how a rock 
and roll show can be," Barrett said to appease the 
increasingly nervous security crew. About I ,000 people 
turned out for the concert. 

School of Ash lead singer Josh Clayton let 
Joose with a barbaric yelp on Saturday. 

Photos by Dan McDowell 

s · D 

VOLUME 79, ISSUE 7 

A.S. Plans 
'Poverty 
Carnival' 
BUDGET: Meeting also 
focuses on the governor's 
upcoming May Revise 
By Joma Palmer 
Guardian Reporter 

Citing the need for a "different 
kind of protest" to fight funding cuts 
to the University of California, stu-
dents met last Thursday to plan a 
"poverty carnival" featuring every-
thing from Ramen sculptures to a 
cemetary for dying departments and 
services. 

Of primary concern to the gath-
ering of about 15 people, led by 
Associated Students Vice President 
External Nick Endres, was the 
Governor's "May Revise," in which 
California's January budget projec-
tion is revised to reflect the actual 
revenue taken in by the state. 

During the last several years, 
the governor's January budget fig-
ures have often proven optomistic 
and the actual budget has been 
worse than expected, according to 
Endres. 

A further cut in the state's budget 
will almost certainly translate into 
another cut to the UC budget and 
further fee hikes beyond the $995 
increase already approved by the 
regents, Endres said. 

"I think its clear that a new strat-
egy needs to be used ... something a 
little more positive," Endres said in 
an interview yesterday, "[something 
besides] the traditional taking over 
of the Chancellors office." 

The three principal goals of the 
protest are to create coalitions with 
state and local officials to push for 
budgetary relief, to generate letters 
to local legislators and to attract 
media attention 

"[We want] a different kind of 
media coverage," Endres said. 

Thecamival is tentatively sched-
uled for May 13 on the Sun God 
lawn and may be co-sponsored by 
the College Democrats. 
-News Editor Francisco DeVries 

contrtbuted to this report 

Voter Turnout Plummeting Voter Turnout Draws Concern 
ELECTIONS: Some in A.S. call for 
refonn of election bylaws, more 
debate and longer campaigns 

. - The percentage of 
30- 29% ---- undergraduates who voted in 

the A.S. elections since 1988: 

By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Declining voter turnout in Associated Stu-
dents elections over the past five years has 
prompted discussion by many who believe the 
election system must be changed to involve more 
students in the process. 

1be turnout for the last three-day election feU 
just short offive percent, or 740 out of more than 
14,800 undergraduates. That is less than half the 
number who turned out last year and down from 
a 29 percent voter turnout in 1988. -

Suggested reasons forthe decline have ranged 
from student apathy to flaws in election bylaws. 

Director of Student Government Randy 
Woodard attributes the decline in part to general 
student apathy, but not the A.S. itself. 

"It's been a combination of apathy, the col-
lege system, the fee hikes and the co-op crisis not 
being solved," he said. 

Woodard added th~t the student apathy is 
partly due to the economic hardship faced by the 
entire country. 

"It's the sign of the times. People don't have 
time - they would rather focus on their studies 
and woJie. [people know that] there is a lot of 
competition in the workplace, and they want to 

See A.5., Page 3 

1 

'88 'al '10 '11 '12 '13 
Aen6 Bruckner /GuInfM 



2 NEWS 

SDSe Gets Bigger, 
Better Supercomputer 
By .............. 

Staff~ 
1be San Diego Supen:omputer 

Center (SDSC) has installed a 192-
processor Intel Paragon system, one 
of the most powerful supercom-
puters in the world 

1be Paragon system, which re-
placed the 64-processor Intel 
supe1"CClll1puter, has a peak speed of 
19.2Gt1ops(billionsoffloatingpoiot 
calculations per second) for 32-bit 
arithmetic, making it one of the 
world's fastest computers. It came 
with a $6.7 million price tag. 

SDSC Deputy Director for Re-
search Wayne Pfeiffer said the new 
supercomputer will be instrumental 
inpromotingtechnological progress 
atUCSD. 

"It's a very powerful and useful 
machine for researchers who are 
tackling intensive problems involv-
ing physics, chemisti)' and other 
sciences," Pfeiffer said 

According to federal science of-
ficials, this upgrade to higher-per-
fonnance parallel computers is the 
best way to reach the scientific goals 
known as the "Grand Challenges," 
which include world climate pre-
diction, semiconductor circuit de-

MIlly, AprIl • 

sign, superconductivity research, 
human genome mapping and ad-
vanced drug design. 

Since the arrival of the first Intel 
machineatSDSCin 1990,research-
ers .from UCSD and SDSC have 
worked on various projects to help 
develop software for the Intel user 
and academic communities. 

Pfeiffersaid that the student body 
will have opportunities to use the 
computer. 

"Access to these state-of-the-art 
machines is quite useful as an edu-
cation tool. For example, those in 
computer science can use it for 
homework, and other students can 
use it to write their Ph.D. thesis. 
Once [students] learn how to use it, 
the possibilities become great," he 
said. 

An upgrade to the Paragon sys-
tem scheduled for later this yearwill 
more than double its speed. Pfeiffer 
said the possibilities for future use 
of the computer are wide-nmging. 

"I'm very excited. [1be Paragon 
system] has very capable hardware 
and unprecedented speed and power. 
We hope to overcome any problems 
to ensure it is more widely used," he 
said. 

10:40 a.m.: Staff reported the theft of a pager from Price Center Housekeeping. 
Loss: Unknown. 
8:45 p.m.: A student reported an attempted theft of a vehicle in Lot 102. Loss: 
$800. 
......" .. 110 
3:45 8.rn.: A Residence Security Officer reported the theft of soft drinks from 
a vending machine near Warren Lecture Hall . L'1ss: $21. 
1:05 p.rn.: Citizen's arest of a 40-year-old non-affiliate male in Lot 411 for petty 
theft from Central Ubrary. Cited and Released. 
......"Apltlll 
8:50 8.rn.: A student reported a burglary to a Third College Apartment. Loss: 
$700. 
U:53 p.rn.: A 25year--old non-affiliate male was arrested for felony narcotics 
warrants. Transported to County Jail to await extradition to Arizona. 
Monday, ,,12 
12:30 p.rn.: A student reported a male masturbating at the Main Gym Men's 
Locker Room. 
1:30 p.m.: A student reported a burglary in the Old Student Center. Loss: $250, 
TueIdIIJ, ApltI13 
3:50 p.rn.: A student reported the theft of a 1985 Oldsmobile Cutlass from Lot 
102. Loss: $4,000. 
4:03 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Commondale 821 Hybrid bicycle 
from the Undergraduate Ubrary. Loss: $1,000. 
W ..... dl" Ap1114 
2:17 a.rn.: A 21-year--old male non-affiliate was ordered to stay off campus for 
seven days when he refused to leave at the request of Third College Residence 
Hall residents. 
n.ncs." Apltl1l 
12:15 p.m.: A student suffered from menstrual cramps at the Old Student 
Center. Taken to Student Health. 
1:15 p.m.: Staff reported the theft of a computer from Central Ubrary. Loss: 
$250. 

- ComplIed by JuI~ Pak, Staff Writer 

The UCSD GWU'dian Monday, April 19, 1993 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

l.I:IX AT' ~IS GOOSII'I'. 
DIR:r/, SU,",'(, ~\(\:. 

~i ,",IIC(! 

SUSIE. , I TIIII4K ITS ~ '( F"IR 10 
1tLl. '((l) 114o\T ~ I~ ABSoLIlTEL'( 
t-I';) ~~ 1 ~Lt> ~'IE'" COllSl'£~ 
ASKlltG- '!oo -ro 1\\( ~~IOR. ~Io\. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

1 \=IGIIRE T\\,.,T 
I'.IGMT GIII£ 'fC:IJ 
E.I{OOQI nlo\E TO 
~I"'O 9:lIE900'# 

\0l\IO WILL · 

.. -

If 1'0 K~N "lR I.O"~R, 
1 COIJlO''4C G\'/EN \\~ 

I'o'dK IIOT'I cr . 

UCSD Receives Collection of Taiwanese Books 
More than 500 books on Asian studies have been 

donated to the UCSD library system by the Coordination 
Council for North American Affairs (CCNAA) in Los 
Angeles. The books, which are currently on display at the 
Intemational Relations and PacifIC Studies (IRIPS) li-
brary, were donated by CCNAA on behalf of the Govern-
ment Information Office in Taipei and the National 
Central Ubrary. 

Written by some of the most prominent and re-
spected scholars in Taiwan, the books cover a range of 
topics related to contempol'8/Y society, politics and 
economics in Taiwan. Some of the books also examine 
contemporary art and history. 

.... DI .. o Chapt_ of UCSD 
Alumni A.socIation to Meet 

UCSD alumni are invited to attend the next meetirg 
of the UCSD Alumni Association's San Diego Chapter on 
Tuesday, AprIl 20 in the Ber1<eley Room of the UCSD 
Price Center at 6:30 p.m. The recen~formed San Diego 
Chapter is already working on several projects and is 
seekirg new members for its community outreach, 
membership, public relations and student/campus pro-

grams committees. In addition to promoting the goals of 
the university, the San Diego Chapter helps members to 
build leadership skills, networ1< and socialize with other 
UCSD graduates. All UCSD alumni are welcome. For 
more information, call the Alumni office at 534-3900. 

H .... School College Bowl to 
Be Held at UCSD on AprIl 24 

UCSD will hold the 12th annual High School College 
Bowl Toumament from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on April 24 in 
Peterson Hall. Staged as a question-and-answer game, 
the toumament allows local high schools to compete for 
three UCSD scholarships totaling $3,500. Teams from 
18 San Diego County high schools will compete in the 
contest, which is modeled after the National College 
Bowl rules and regulations. 

Toumament winners will receive awns funded 
through a grant administered by the UCSD Scholarship 
Offlce. Three scholarships will be awarded: $1,750 for 
first place, $1,000 for second place, and $750 for third 
place. 

The College Bowl Toumament is hosted by UCSO's 
Student Outreach and Recruitment (SOAR) Office, 

The Guardian 
weather rePDrt 

Mon: 73'/56· Tues: 74'/56' Wed: 74'/54· v ..... ...,: 70'/60· 
So\A'Ce: NatIonal Weather Service 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
CHRIS JENSEN, Associate News Editor 

ROGER IWO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

ILWITItATOIIS: MICt1a Croft, Tal1l Eo", N8than Enln. 5pMd Fants, JennlW 
Hert. Oomlnlc LobbIa. ~Ian Lur\df'en, AdrIano Mulloz, KatIe Roe. AI SilOnC l1li1 __ ' Joel AmI*I, WIlton ~ MalQlS LoIlbIa, ~ Lock 
~1EItI: DIIvId tho. SIdIrt Deb. Paul Mackey, Jennifer MIttMws, 
LorI Mitchel, Chuck N&UYen, Jennifer Venn 
COf'Y IIIADIRS: Mlcllelle Chi.".. Non Milief. jeSSIe Sprln&er, MaH.en TomS«l 
TYPIIT: TIm Un' ".1JCSD~1s ...."., .... nllIu1dI!s do.ltr1 l1W -'*,ally nlb .. _ 

rI UCSD. 1IIpIIIUIIon rlWS,.....III ....... _ III _ or III.." -1*ftIIIIIDn Is 
IIIIdIr paIIIIIIId. C19II3. .... __ "" IJCSD ~ Is IllllIIIIIOI"IIIt b .. """ rI 

lIIdCMI_or~ 1IIt_ ..... lnlllllbnl...,_or~ilDlIIII 
I-'f ......... It "" UCSDUdIt, .. \.I'MIIIW It CIIbnII, or .. AIIDd*I 

~ "" IJCSD ~Is lnIId.., by~'" "'~1!IIIbIIIrS? 
lEN IOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

ERIC SCHMIDT, M8flsei~ Editor 
SHANNON aEDIOE, CoDY Editor 

RENt BRUCICN~..L.~Bte Gfsph/cs Editor 
MIQUB. BUCIWlMEYER, Design Editor 
KARIN CHING, Associate News Editor 

JEFF NIDEL, Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCIIE, Associ. Photo Editor 

AIff ROOT, Associate Soorts Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

__ WRENN, Sports Editor 
IIMOIIITAI'I' w.TIRS: Jenny 0.1 ... DIn KrMI .. , M8IIIWw Roblnson. IIIwIt 
Rhwne. MIdINI ScIIweItz, Slleryl WoIcaU 
.......... 18d:£lllneC8mulo,I<tIII8C11pwar,AllllnGarbldl,_-.on. 

_~ MeII8M.I8c:Ia, o.,.~ RocIertckLee.IIen~. WllnClyMcHIII. 
TlInN Moont, Julie PIk, PN PhIlips. Jttf I'TaIIflI. Ely ~, ... RIdley, K-. 
Saul. RIIu s-w. IInIe SeceI, AIeM J. S/IenNn, Knn SpieIIt, GIIIOrY ~ 
DDIIfII COIIIULTNIT: J_ CoIfIer 

IDIT1IIIIAL~AMT: BrIen K. HUtto 
ADVIItT1IM .u.TNIT: Tara Eofl 

EdItorWI: 534e58Q, IIuIInnI 0IIIce: 534-3466, Fex: 534-7691 
UCSD ~ 9&00 Gilman DItve 0318, 

La JoIIIi, CA 92093-0318 
___ : s-.d AGar, ucso 9IucIInI CenI8r ..-. 'A' 

I 

Monday, April 19, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

Environmental Studies Minor Unveiled 
ACADEMICS: New program includes 
both social and natural science majors 
By FranclKo DeV,... 
News Editor 

UCSO's latest foray into environmental awareness, 
the Environmental Studies minor, formally makes its 
debut this quarter. 

The minor, which incotporates study in both the hard 
sciences and the soci~l sciences, was given a flexible 
design to allow for both science and non-science ma-
jors, according to Muir Provost and the minor's origina-
tor, Pat Ledden. 

Ledden said that the "fairly carefully worked out 
scheme" includes two required classes, currently en-
titled Contemporary Issues 30A and 30B, followed by 
four additional courses from a lengthy list of hard 
science and social science courses. 

Studentsarerequired to takeonecourse in each field, 
but are then allowed to concentrate in either social 
science or the hard sciences. 

The minor and Contemporary Issues 30NB are an 
outgrowth of former Muir Provost John Stuart's popu-
lar class entitled "Wilderness and Human Values." 

When Stuart retired, the class was cancelled mainly 
because he had molded the class in a way that was 
impossible to recreate \\(ithout him, according to An-
thropology Professor and Environmental Studies Steer-
ing Cornminee Chair Fitz John Poole. 

Poole also teaches the Contemporary Issues 30B 
class, 

The two Contemporary Issues classes began shortly 
after Stuart 's retirement, but it took almost two years to 
work out the minor program and gain approval from the 
Committee on Educational Policy. Final approval for 
the minor was gnmted last quarter. 

The Environ ......... Studl .. Minor 
Here Is a list of required courses for tl},e 
environmental stu4leS minor; 
•• " ...... Contemporary IAues JOA and JOB 
•• " Ired: Four additional courses, at least three 

upper division, from the following two 
I lata. N.1eesl one course must De 
taken from Group A and one from 
Group B. ' 

Group A 
Biology 3 
Earth Sciences 40 
AMES 119B 
Biology 162 
Biology 169 
Biology 170 
Biology 173 
Biology 176 
Chemistry 149A 
Chemistry 173 

...... 
USP2 
AMBI132 
Economics 131 
EconomiCS 132 
HUISl54 
Philosophy 136 
SOC/O 184 
Soc/O 185 
USP 105 
USP 175 

Source: Environm,ntal Studies Program 
Roger KIJIJ/GUllfdiWl 

Poole credits increased student and faculty aware-
ness about the environment and assistance from Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography researchers and professors 
for making the minor possible. 

So far, both Ledden and Poole say it is too early to 
gauge student opinion about the program, but both are 
optimistic about its future. 

"We're going to see what the response is. I hear from 
students'that there is a lot of interest in [the program] ." 
Ledden said. 

Poole added that while he felt the minor still lacks 
some key elements, chief among those an environmen-
tal etnics class, he was "delighted that we have some-
thing . . , I think we have a good solid core." 

A. S.: Election 
returns point to voter 
apathy at UCSD 
Continued from pace 1 
focus on life and the real world, and 
extra things don 't fit into theirsched-
ules," he said. 

A.S. President Mike Holmes said 
he believed the problem was not 
with the A.S. itself, and hypoth-
esized that the low percentage of 
voter turnout for this year might be 
due to the fact that the A.S. is cur-
rently running smoothly. 

"People were 
probably thlnkln., 
·why bother, we've 
got no control.' 
People didn't _ 
the A.S. a. being 
able to accomplish 
anything. " 

"People thought that the A.S. 
couldn't do anything about [the fee 
!ncreases] - it was just useless," he 
said. 

In an attempt to solve the prob-
lem of low voter turnout, Gesson is 
considering a number of changes, 
including more forums, panel dis-
cussions, a complete overhaul cam-
paign policies and other efforts to 
get students more involved. 

" [f people have some perception 
that the AS. is doing something, 
more of them would vote. But at the 
end, it really depends on the indi-
vidual," Gesson said. 

"When the A.S. appears to be 
doing its job, people are satisfied. 
[This year] can be considered a tnm-
sition year," he said. 

However, AS. Elections Man-
ager Beth Gesson said she thinks the 
problem goes deeper than that. 

"Publicity was bad, [student] 
apathy was high, the co-op issue 

- Beth Geuon, 
A.S. Elections Manager 

was failing, the fees were increasing 
and people were probably thinking, 
'why bother, we've got no control.' 
People didn't see the AS. as being 
able to accomplish anything," 
Gesson said. 

A.S. Vice President Administra-
tive and President-elect Randolph 
Siwabessy agreed, sayihg that is-
sues like the fee hikes made the A.S. 
appear powerless. 

~IRI~1fING CO. 
UeSD 
MIGH' 

M { QUA 
" i' I 

Wednesday 
Nights' . i $1 ~r~ 

PlLSN!g ' 'I' $~ 
Aft ~~ ~ O'l' , ~===-

: , 

'-~\OI. L------ihe best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.·1hun. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 ... 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211W student 10 

Siwabessy also emphasized the 
need for student forums and panel 
discussions, which he said would 
hopefully allow the average student 
to get more involved and have a 
voice in campus politics. 

"This year there weren't any fo-
rums and it wasn 't really an issue-

See A.5., Page 7 

!J{ome of tfie WorU's 
:Finest gourmet Coffee 

457-JAVA (5282) 
8750 Genesee 

Costa Verde Center 
(near Bookstar) 

• Monday· Thursday 6 am·11 pm 
• Friday 6 am.midnight 

• Saturday 7:30 am·midnight 
• Sunday 8 am· I I pm r-------, 

:FREE: 
: Cappuccino, : 

Mocha, or 
: Frosted Mocha : 
I When )'O\lbu)' one ofequ.al or paler VIJIaC, I 

One per ""<>mer. Exp. 'I1J9). 

-------

NEWS 3 

• 
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

VERDE 
CAR. WASH 

:z: _ 
~ 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-~UCSD I 
~ L. Joll. VIII.ge Dr . UTe I II I I ~hl Or. 

'" 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------1 III Full Service $ 99 Ii 

: S~~~~ P!! 1M! 3",." : 
I (.~R WASil Nol valid wi1h any other oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 5127193 

~-----------------______ I 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

LJOu@ ~©& U ~®I3D@W ©®QD[f~@ 
6y CO{um6ia ~view 

Serving the UCSO pre-medical community since 1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYS]CIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do l 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated UCSD-trained 

cademic M.D:·S'; M·.D.·Ph.D. candidales, and faculty lilembers who are 
MCAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and wril ing workshops taught by a lOp UCSD ENGLISH 
PROFESSOR 

• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of -delailed in·c1ass instruction and testing, 
problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review group, med school 
application and admissions slrategies, and tUloring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take·home review notes and fonnula sheets, 
reading and writing study guides. MeAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrillen by MCAT experts 

• REAL MeAT testing for bolh in·class and take·home practice 
• DlRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT UBRARY privileges included 
• LOWER TUITlON than other courses 

= CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 26th 
APPLY NOW! 456·4848 

San Diego 's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 



4 OPINION 

What will Clintnn's 
package bring-jobs 
or fXJrk? A cWser lmk 
inJicaJes tlwt Sennte 
Repuhlicans are giving 
thewronganstrer 
By John Ratliff 
CorllrWUling Opinion Writer 

I
f the voters were clear about anything 
in last year's election, it was about 
two things: the need for more jobs 
and an end to government gridlock. 
Utilizing antiquated, anti-democratic 
parliamentary delaying tactics, 43 

percent of the members of the Senate have 
chosen to make their stand against the clear 
will of the people in an historically unprec-
edented refusal to allow a new president, 
backed by a majority in both houses, to be 
given a chance to try out the programs the 
people elected him to implement 

To begin with, the Senate is already a 
highly unrepresentative body, with 
Wyoming's 450,000 residents ~ by 
two Senators (both Republicans, by the way), 
the same number as the 30 million residents 
of California (both Democrats, as luck would 
have it). 

In addition to this is the bizarre rule that 
requires a 60 percent majority to cut off 
debate, meaning that a 40 percent minority -
if it is determined and anti-democratic enough 
- can block legislation indefinitely through 
filibuster, refusing to give up the floor. 
Historically, this was the tactic used for 
decades by racist Southern senators to block 
all civil rights legislation at the national level. 
Not a very good precedent 

But now the Senate Republicans, led by 
Bob Dole (R-Kan.) are using the filibuster to 
block action on President Ointon's economic 
stimulus package, designed to create .500,000 
new jobs in the next year at a cost of $16.3 
billion. Perhaps counting on support from 
those Americans trying to eat more sensibly 
by cutting down on red meat, they're raising 
the cry of "pork" to justify their obstruction-
ism. 

It's understandable that Californians, still 
See PROPOSAL, Page 5 

The UCSD Guardian 

PINION 
COMMENTARIES 
• 

In 

InWlil of cuJJing the wastefol spending that he 
criJici2ed in Naremher, Bill Clinton i1; pitching elm 
TrlfJTe pork with his eronomic stimulus packnge 
By Matt Robinlon 
Senior StojfWr*r 

r. Ointon has forgotten that 
despite his incessant 
assertions to the contrary, 
he does not have a mandate. 
Unable to escape the 
irresistible gravity of 

campaign rhetoric, the President seems 
compelled to bully and sloganeer everyone 
with whom he finds himself in contact. 
Yesterday, Mr. Clinton fmally approached 

~ity when he offered a compromise on his 
stimulus package. 

Presently there is a "stimulus" package on 
the floor of the Senate which is being. 
subjected to the withering political winds of a 
Republican filibuster. A House version of 
Clinton's proposals has already passed in two 
forms. 

The flCSl part was the tax increases. The 
seoond part - various spending proposals 
amounting to $16.3 billion - passed the 
House, but now twists in the wind and 
appears to be emitting quite a stench in the 

Senate. 
In light of this costly opposition, Mr. 

Clinton has offered to compromise and 
reduce his proposed spending increue by 25 
percent. This Republican filibuster is costly 
for the Ointon administration because every 
moment the plan is delayed, more of its 
details become clear to the public. Mr. 
Clinton asserts that this stimulus package is 
vital to his effort to jump-start the economy. 
The ugly truth is slowly being revealed to 
John Q. Public. 

But the debate about the bill is a touch-
stone for showing where America wants to go 
and where the Democrats want to go. 111c . 
package is brimming with pork - no surprise 
there - but it is based on the mistaken notion 
that it would create jobs and that the remain-
ing $12.3 billion will really make a difference 
in a $4 trillion dollar economy. "A drop in the 
bucket" is not an appropiate metaphor - it 
is more like a "grain of sand at the beach." 

The present struggle reveals the cowardice 
and hypocrisy of the Ointon administration to 

see ROi I iN, Page 5 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

On Friday, President Climln offered a proposal 
thatwouldreducehis$I 6.34lillioneconornicstimu-
Ius plan to a $12-billion paclcage. The cuts were 
made in an effort to appease Republican aitics. 

........ _-
• Unemployment compensation exlalsion 
• Fcdcral highway program 
• Summer youth empIoymenI 
• Wastt:wBll:l ~ facilities 
• ChiJdhood inununizalion 
• AIDS treatment 
• SmaIJ Business Adminisrnlion loans 
• Food safety and inspection 

....... Now ~toCUls 
• Pell education granIS 
• Mass transit 
• Natural resoun.:e protection 
• Head Stan sununer prognun 
• Supponive housing for the homeless 
• National Science Fouqdabo!l Research 
• Advanced Technology Program 
• Veterans Affairs maintenance 
• Corps of Engineers wBll:l projects 
• "lnfonnation Highways" program 
• NationaIlaIxntories 
• Weadlerization gram 
• Vehicle energy CXlI1ve:rsion 
• National JWk !doric prescIVlIlioo 
• F.rncaPliK .. y food assistance program 

PI • a II d NMr Ip III II,. 
• Gnw1ts for local law Cllforcallert 

Soun:e: TIlt 1m Angeles Turru 

Monday, April 19,1993 

ROTfEN: 
Something is wrong 
with Clinton '8 plan 
ContInued from pace 4 
live up to its own rhetoric. During the 
campaign, we were repeatedly re-
minded about the horrors of a deficit 
racked up by Republican administra-
tions over a reluctant and demurring 
Congress. This fight over the "stimu-
lus package" safely buries that myth. 
If the Bush and. Reagan presidencies 
were the sole perpetrators of budget 
doom, then it should be easy to re-
verse. Shouldn't it? 

It stands to reason that if the Re-
publicans were to blame and the 
Democrats own everything, thelegacy 
of that wasteful spending can now be 
cut. Nevertheless, while we are being 
courted like medieval maidens, the 
administration fails to confront the 
dragon let alone slay it. Sure, like 
swaggering knights they talk about 
what they are going to do, but words 
are cheap and action is nonexistent. 

Not only is the Clinton adminis-
tration failing to truly cut the spend-
ing ofthoseoh-so-spendthrift Repub-
lican dark ages, but it is pitching even 
more swag. Another $12.3 billion will 
be added to the already varicose defi-
cit. The reality here is that Congress is 
the real problem and Mr. Clinton is 
not confronting the special interests 
and spending excesses of Congress, 
but instead, rolling over for them. 

Of course, the tactic being used in 
these discussion is a time-honored 

PROPOSAL: 
Clinton's critics are 
contributing to gridlock 
ContInued from page 4 
suffering from nine percent official 
unemployment, might have a slightly 
different view than Sen. Dole, who 
touts what he calls the "Bush recov-
ery" as the reason no economic stimu-
lus package is needed by Americans. 
Basically, the fight overthis bill boils 
down to one ofJabelling: is it a "jobs" 
bill. or a "pork" bill? Let's take a look. 

Major elements of the proposed 
package include funding of extension 
of benefits for the long-term unem-
ployed, many of whom reside right 
here in California. 

Also, in line with President 
Clinton's promises during the cam-
paign, it involves funding ofthechild-
hood immunization program, the 
Ryan White Act for AIDS research 
and treatment, improved food safety 
and inspection and a wide variety of . 
"green" projects, including wastewa-
ter treatment facilities, natural re-
source protection, national park pres-
ervation and improving mass transit, 
including better Amtrak service. 

Of special interest to UCSD stu-
dents. one of the key proposals that 
the Republicans brand as "pork" is 
full funding of Pell education grants, 
the only way that many lower-in-
come students can affqrd to stay in 
college. The "pork" also includes 
National Science Foundation research 
and other funding for advanced tech-

Democratic move - blame the Re-
publicans for getting in the way of 
real economic recovery. 

In light of the real facts the Demo-
crats' claims of "unmet spending 
needs" just doesn't wash. Clinton has 
suggested an additional $200 billion 
over the next four years for selected 
high-priority "investment programs" 
that will boost private-sector produc-
tivity. But the Bush administration 
increased spending for the same pro-
grams by $1 00 billion. We are so used 
to being told that the infamous "last 
12 years" - the dark pall that was 
conservatism -were without any 
spending increases in public invest-
ment. 

According to Stephen Moore of 
the Cato Institute, however, this was 
not the case. Under Bush, the spend-
ing for children's programs increased 
67 percent. Federal aid to states and 
cities was increased 60 percent. Spend-
ing on education and training was 
increased by 16 percent 

During the campaign, infrastruc-
ture was a popular theme. But spend-
ing on six major infrastructure pro-
grams - highways, transit, airports, 
housing, prisons and environmental 
facilities - has increased 33 percent. 
In 199I,Bushsignedthe $150 billion 
transportation bill, the most expen-
sive infrastructure public works pro-
grams in American history. Nutrition 
funding increased 72 percent. And 
research and development funding 
was increased 20 percent. 1bese facts 
seem to indicate that Bush was not so 
much a conservative as he was a primer 

nologyresearch-something, Iguess, 
Republicans don', think we need. 
They also apparently don't think that 
the $200 million allocated for more 
police hiring is necessary - maybe 
not in their neighborhoods. 

[t's true, the package does devote 
some special attention to the poor, 
especially in the inner cities - hys-
terical opposition to these programs 
is where the implicit racism that is at 
the core of the Republican political 
strategy most clearly manifests itself. 
The package calls for a special Head 
Start summer program, and a summer 
youth jobs program, including an in-
tensive training component, as well 
as construction of new shelters for the 
homeless. 

But - at least from the Republi-
can viewpoint - this isn't as bad as 
some of the plans big city mayors 
have for the Community Develop-
ment Block Grants that the package 
promises. Why, one big city mayor 
actually wanted to build a swimming 
pool in an inner city neighborhood! 
We all know that only the rich and 
powerful (and white) should have the 
privilegeofacool dip on a hot day. In 
the old days, filibusters were used to 
make sure that public pools remained 
exclusivelyforthe use of whites; these 
days, filibusters are used to make sure 
they're not built at all. 

Admittedly, the president has made 
a number of serious tactical errors in 
this battle. After the ease with which 
the much more important budget pro-
posal passed both houses, Clinton 
didn't spend enough time explaining 

The UCSD Guardian 

WhI .... ~ 
people .. being 
courted •• medieval 
11181c1ens,"" 
CInton 
.................... 

to COI .... CNd the ell..,. .. alone ..., 
It. SUre," 
...... ng knights 
they talk about what 
they .. going to do, 
but words .. ch .... 
..-actIonls 
nonexistent. 
for Clintonomics. 

Even if Clinton's spending in-
creases are really necessary, then the 
Democrats should be honest and cut 
some other programs from a $1.512 
trillion dollar budget that is loaded 
not only with pork but every pig by-
product known to man. Otherwise, it 
just sends another message to the 
American people about Congress in 
general and Democrats in particular: 
more taxes mean, inevitably, more 

Of specIaIllIter .. to 
UCSD students, one 
of the key propoell. 
that the R ... bIcans 
brand as "pork" Is 
fulflndlng of Pell 
education ..... the 
only WtIJ that ....., 
low ......... 
Itudents can .'ford 
to stay In coli .... 'DIe 
"pork" also IncIud •• 
NatIonal ScIence 
foundation r ••• .-ch 
... oilier turdng for 
adYanced tecliilOIoiY 

r'.I~­
............... 1 .... , 
R .... bIc .. cIon't 
think w. n •• d. 

spending. 
EvenClinton'suseoftaxesisques-

tionable. The Clinton administration, 
through new and increased taxes, says 
that it will gamer $238 billion over 
the next four years. Taxes account for 
over 73 percent of "defICit reduc-
tion." Defense cuts account for an-
other 23 percent: $75.5 billion over 
the next four years. 111c rest is savings 
on interest . 

The problem, however, is that 
Clinton insiders have privately ad-
mitted that they have not considered 
the possibility that people will change 
their behavior to avoid taxes. And we 
know Democrats are notorious for 
forgetting that taxes raise the cost of 
business. One must be daft to think 
these are not cuts. 

Since World War II, every dollar 
that Congress has raised in tax in-
creases has been transformed magi-
cally into $1.59 of new spending. 
This figure should chasten anyone 
who thinks that Congress is going to 
reduce the deficit. 111c Democrats 
have owned the Congress almost un-
interrupted since World War n. And 
their choices for "stimulating" and 
improving the economy are proven 
failures. Yet in spite of this, the lan-
guage is always the same: it is dema-
gogic, banal, rose-<:olored and down-
right patronizing. 

For instance, here is a hypotheti-
cal statement, edited for greater accu-
racy, utterable by any of the mounte-
banks who believe that without this 
stimulus package America is headed 
for economic ruin - "Without this 

and selling this program to the Ameri-
can people, allowing himself to be 
distracted by such matters as the Crisis 
of Russian democracy and the slaugh-
ter of Bosnian civilians. He's also 
been involved in preparing landmark 
health reform legislation, working 
toward fairer trade relations with Ja-
pan and. finding a way to allow gay 
and lesbian Americans to serve their 
country with pride, rather than fear 
and secrecy. 

But his major mistake was under-
estimating the disdain that the Repub-
lican minority would have for the 
popular call to end the gridlock. Bow-
ing to the reality of the situation, 
President Clinton will have to com-
promise. 

Clinton has already offered a $4 
billion reduction in his plan, includ-
ing 44 percent cuts in such programs 
as Pell grants, Head Start and NSF 
funding. But Dole has already said 
that this is not enough - "We won't 
compromise," he declared. 

Hopefully, Clinton will be able to 
swing the votes of more moderate 
Republicans to pass the bill in its 
reduced form. Given the rules of the 
game, bipartisan support is necessary 
to insure passage of the much more 
important pieces of legislation com-
ing up, above all the health reform 
package. 

As he has shown so many times in 
the past, B ill Clinton is a quick learner. 
and remains committed to doing what-
ever it takes to rebuild the American 
economy and end gridlock in Wash-
ington. It's ashamesomeothers aren't. 

OPINION 5 

endowment for [insert need here], 
which happens just coincidenrally to 
be in a key area that supported BiD 
Clinton and my home district, we will 
not be able to get this economy mov-
ing again, get Americans better jobs 
for better wages, providequality hcaIth 
care for every needy American and 
put America on the road to recovery. 
I fecI your pain." 

Democrats are shielding their irre-
sponsibility and hypocrisy by trying 
to use compassion as a leverage de-
vice to gain money that simply does 
not exist This is a sickening tactic that 
poisons debate. It divides people con-
venientl y instead of discussing the 
real needs or even the efficacy of the 
programs to achieve their stated goals. 
If Mr. Clinton does not want politics 
as usual than he should cut spending 
first, because politics as usual in Wash-
ington is exactly what he is doing 
right now: spend flfSt, ask questions 
later. 

Questions need to be asked now. 
Mr. Clinton, even with such a com-
paratively small stimulus package in 
deficit terms, is just adding another 
layer to government waste and spend-
ing. He is sending a clearmessage that 
he is unequivocably a subscriber to 
the status quo - a Democratic status 
quo that has acted against the Ameri-
can people treacherously and with 
impunity. Those responsible for the 
sky-rocketing deficit are making their 
guilt clear by another shameless re-
quest for more dough couched in the 
language of genuine need. It is not 
only wrong, it is revolting. 

"The President has given us a 
new proposal which glazes the 
ham but does not cut the fat. If 
these programs are important, 
let's pay for them. If they're not 
important, let's don't raise the 
deficit to fund more spending.· 

-Sen. Phil Gramm (R-Tex.) 

"I make this recommendation 
reluctantly and regret the 
unwillingness of the minority to 
let the Senate act on the original 
legislation .• 

-President Bill Clinton 

"Trimming a huge pork bill is no 
gift to the beleaguered taxpayers 
and neither is raising the deficit. 
No wonder even Democrats are 
running away from the package." 

-Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.) 

"When Congress retums next 
week, the spirit of compromise 
ought to prevail. The Republicans 
have made their point, but it will 
soon be lost on the people if busi-
ness as usual prevails in Washing-
ton." 
-Lo. ~n~ nm.. editorial 

ill Tilll! ApPLY To BETuE NEW ASSOUIATE OPINION EDITOR £ Deadline extended to Monday, April26 . Bring a cover letter, resum6 and clips to the Guardian office on the second floor of the old Student Center. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday. April 19. 1993 

ROBINSON'S COMMENTARY WAS ROOTED IN THE IDEAS OF THE PAST 
Editor: own religion and culture is a far cry rugby, icehocJtey and sailing, to name 

In his commentary "Taking an from respecting the unique culture of a few. As part of the Southern Califor-
Axe to History" (April IS). Matt African-Americans as equally valid, nia Collegiate Ski Conference, we 
Robinson preached an objective, or from being willing to inregrare compete against schools such as 
value-free approach 10 history, yet he African-Americans into-positions of UCLA, UCSB, USC and Cal Poly 
failed 10 see through his own biases. power in the United States. SLO in slalom and giant slalom races 

Robinson quoted Professor John Most importantly. however, how every other weekend. 
Clarke whocIaimed thatAmerica was dare Robinson attempt to write an Our last race of the season was this 
founded as a haven for white middIe- anicle about race relalions, freedom READERS' last weekend. Unfortunately. through-
class Protestants. In his rush to criti- and democracy in America without 

FORUM 
out the season there has been no men- . 

cize Clarke's statement as racist and taking note thai African-Americans tion of the ski team,despite ourmen's 
rcvisiooist.Robinsonconjccturedlhat were boughl and sold on the market team qualifying for regionaIs. I ea-
Clarke would dismiss Irisb and 1taI- like hunks of meal or that Native 1IIt~ __ ""'.-"AI_ gerly awaited the arrivaI of the Guard-
ian Americans. who also struggled in Americans were killed or forced out "... ..... '*'bb ,-.....,.~- ian every Monday and Thursday since 
the early history of this country, as of their homes by people ofEw-opean ...,..,....."..,. ............ _ ........ January, only to have mybopesdashed 

"" .... _ ..... SIDnIII*InI '!'or be..""., all. 
oppressors. He fails 10 note. however, descent! .. ~o4Ict""-.I""aI"oIrI~ when I couldn't find the ski team's c..r._o,. _ ___ 10: 

results. that Irish and Italian Americans were Does Robinson consider the his- 1ho~ 
neither middle class nor Protestant, t~ of slavery and the conquest of 0ptIiIfI- I hope the Guardiim can provide lI500 _ Or. 0311 
but poor and Catholic, and as such, Native Americans in America just a u JoII, C4 1IZlIUOll8 more equitable sports coverage in the 
their struggle for freedom and equal harmless anomaly in the so-called future. By the way, we are looking for 
rights would naturally fit into CIarlce' s ideas and values that all Americans cept of freedom in America. skiers for next season, and anyone 
theory. shared? How could Robinson associ- Both Matt Robinson and Profes- interested can call 534-4037 for more 

Granted. Irish and Italian Ameri- ate the ideas of freedom and democ- sor Clarke clearly have a conception information. 
cans wereabIe to integrate much more racy we have today with people like of utopia. The difference between the Justin Forbes 
quickly into American society. The Thomas Jefferson and George Wash- two of them is that Robinson attempts Editor's note: The Guardian sports 
reason for this, however. was not be- ington who themselves were owners to attribute his idea of utopia to the department does not rwrmally cOlier 
cause they struggled more and worked of slaves? ideas of the past, whereas people like club sports unless the teams provide 
harder than African-Americans or I have no problem with respecting Clarice more accurately conceptual- a schedule, results andaconractphone 
other people of color, as Robinson and idealizing the ideas of freedom ize the idea of utopia as something in number. 
seems to suggest, but merely because and democracy as both Matt Robinson our future. An Unfair EmploY. the Irish and Italian cultures were and Professor Clarke seem to. It seems Nick Endres 
similar to that of white Protestant to me, however, that Man Robinson A.S. Vice President External Editor: 
males, accepted into their exclusive is much too quick to confuse his own We Have a Ski , .... I've worked almost two years on conception of freedom. limited conception of freedom and the main campus. After over a decade 

The comment that Robinson democracy which includes equality Editor: in public school districts and private 
makes about the willingness of some for all races, with the ideas and con- I'm writing to let you in on a little childcare, a degree old enough to out 
European-Americans to teach and ceptions that our "forefathers" had. secret. UCSD has an alpine ski team! and drink and over 50 hours of grad 
help out former slaves also fails to In his own historical revision, 'This isn't a secret," you may be credits, I was hired as an on<all sub-
discount the concept of racism in Robinson attributes the ideas of an thinking. "I know about this ski thing. stitute teacher with the campus Early 
America. Although I do not doulx all-inclusive freedom to the writers of It's called Ricks or Rice or Ricketts or Childhood Education Center. I was 
that many of the teachers had good the Declaration of Independence, in- something. " originally very excited about the po-
intentions, it must certainly be noted stead of attributing it to people like Almost. The ski club (RISC) is not sition, in spite of a long commute 
that a bunch of Europeans helping to Martin Luther King and Thurgood the same thing as the ski race team. from North County, last minute 
convert African-Americans to their Marshall who truly expanded the con- We are a spon club, just like lacrosse, "hurry, hurry" requests and a local 

Check list for leavin 
Sell or Trade clothes to ButraIo Exc ge ~ 

D 
D 

Buy or Trade for summer fashions. at Buffalo 
Sell books, music, magazines, etc. 

1007 Garnet Avenue + Pacific Beach San Diego • 619.273.8209 

parking gestapo that would make 
Hitler proud I enjoy worlcing with 
younger students and have been re-
peatedly told that I have a talent (and 
the patience) for it. 

Even though I score in the top two 
percent of the SciencelMath portion 
of the state's teachers' test. I have 
been guided to the younger grades. 
''The schools need male K-3 and Pre-
K classroom staff. You might not get 
hired as a high school or community 
college chemistry instructor, but 
'they' are begging for men in Kinder-
garten." 

After over a year of being on<all, 
then every day "casual" a trend began 
to emerge. Only women were being 
promoted by my female boss -often 
with a fraction of my background or 
service to the campus. After exhaust-
ing my Union rights. I ran downtown 
to 110 C Street, Room 1702. About 
20 people sit on very uncomfortable 
chairs and take notes from a VCR 
presentation. We fill out our forms 
and throw them in an "in-basket." I 
happened to be one of the last people 
called. While the lady is looking over 
my paperwork, I glance down at the 
sign-list that notes who people are 
filing with. Me, one other "UCSO" 
and a "UC Med Center!" 

Our tax money is going to harass 
employees. Okay, okay, I've taken 
stats and I know this is not a scientific 
survey, buuhree out of20complaints? 
By the other employers, I can tell you 
it wasn't "College Day." Three out 
20? Fifteen percent? Not only can 
Uncle Dick brag that UC is one of San 
Diego's biggest employers, but I can 
tell that UCSO is one of the rottenest. 

Don Lake 

® 

Monday. April 19. 1993 

A.S.: Students 
push for change in 
election bylaws 
ContIrII*I from .... 3 
oriented campaign. Students really 
didn't know what they were voting 
on," he said. 

"Forums would educate the vot-
ersmoreandhelpthem find out who 
the candidates are and what they are 
all about. We aJSo have to focus on 
issues ... like parking and housing 
altematives. " 

Siwabessyadded that the polar-
ization oflast year's election helped 
improve turnout significantly. 

"Last year, [students either voted 
for] Holmes or Duran. This year 
there wasn't anything like that at all 
- there wasn't as much character 
as last year," he said. 

Gesson said that by rewriting 
some of the A.S. bylaws. campaign-
ing would be facilitated by allowing 
publicity in areas such as the Price 
Ce~ter,the colleges and the college 
dorm areas. Conflicts over bylaw 
intepretation during the campaign. 
like the one the Student Action Now 
slate faced two weeks ago, could 
then be avoided, she said 

All eight candidates running un-
der the Student Action Now slate 
were accused of using the A.S. of-
fices for campaign advocation. The 
charges were subsequently dropped 
after a hearing by the A.S. Elections 
Committee. 

"If we can strip away [unneces-
sary] regulations and have more 
public appearances of candidates as 
well as panel discussions and de-
bates, then students can be more 
involved. Obviously you can 't force 
people to participate. but if candi-
dates are forced into a panel discus-
sion, then they will need to take 
positions on issues and it could open 
up the campaign and make it more 
interesting," she said. 

On a similar note, in five of the 
eight vice presidential and commis-
sioner races, candidates ran unop-
posed. In 30 percent of the senato-
rial positions no one ran at all. 

Gesson said that the process of 
runningforofficeneeds to be stream-
lined and the regulations reduced. "I 
think peQple would be more likely 
to run for office if it wasn't such a 
hassle," Gesson said 

Gesson is also proposing a plan 
to move the election schedule to 
Winter Quanerto gi ve candidates a 
longer time period to organize their 
campaigns. 

"I really feel that mak.ingtheelec-
tion viable and getting access to the 
media allows for [at least a] three-
week campaign period," she said 

Holmes added that campus apa-
thy is a problem that will not be 
readily solved overnight, but that 
over time turnout should improve. 

"The problem is not new - it's 
been around ' for many years. We 
need to let students know what op-
ponunities are out there, volunteer 
positions... A.S. opponunities for 
leadership and service positions; it 
all comes down to communication," 
he said. 

Holmes remains optimisiic for 
next year. "I hope [theA.s.] is going 
to be on a better path [since] it will 
be a more issue-oriented body. Stu-
dents need to stan understanding 
what the issues are all about. I hope 
that we've changed. I hope that by 
focusing on issues, the council will 
sparlc: student interest." 

Gesson was also optimistic. "I 
think that if we do these things and 
build a better image of the A.S. over 
the years, [it] will ~e a differ-
ence," she said. 

goCden~y 
Nat.ion.aC 

HO'tlOr societJ:: 

REMINDER TO ALL 
PROSPECflVE MEMBERS 

\ It'IIl ht,' r"h i p 
I kad I i Ill' 

.\priI15th 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

FAlitor in Odef 
THE GUARDIAN IS CURRENTLY ACCEPTING APPLICATI9NS FOR 

EDITOR IN CHIEF FOR THE 1993-94 ACADEMfC YEAR. ApPLICATIONS 
ARE DUE FRIDAY, APRIL 30 AND SHOULD INCLUD~ A COVER LETTER. 
RESUME AND CLIPS. No EXPERIENCE IS NECESSARY. SUBMIT YOUR 

APPLICATION TO THE GUARDIAN OFFICES ON THE SECOND FLOOR OF 
THE OLD STUDENT CENTER OR MAIL IT TO: THE UCSD GUARDIAN, 

9500 GILMAN DR. 0316, LA JOLLA, CA 92093-0316. 
WATCH THESE PAGES IN UPCOMING WEEKS FOR OTHER POSITIONS 

OPENING UP FOR NEXT YEAR. 

:\CL \"LL ', LJISPOS ·\BLL & SLRL\ll " LJ:\IL) \\l \R CO\ T\CT LI \SI S r I{O\1101l\SO\ &: IOIl\SO\ 

So ATTRACfIVE. So COMFORTABLE. So CONVENIENT. So HEALTHY. 

You WONt BELIEVE YOUR EYES 
FREE Trial Contact Lenses 
FREE Contact Lens Solution Kit 
$5.00 Contact Lens Exam by our Trained Eye Care 

Professionals 
$22.50 Per Box of Six Lenses 

Date: April 21st and 22nd 
Location: MARRIOTT LA JOLLA 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
Appoi!'tments: Call Nu-VISION 24 hours 

(619)221-7265 

If Not Satisfied Will Replace Old Lenses At No Cost 

Important Financial Aid Notice 

Deadline: 
Monday 2 May 

Current students who wish to submit 1992/93 applications for Stafford Loans, . 
Supplemental Loans for Students (SLS), and the Parent Loan (PLUS) Programs must do so 
by this deadline. This assumes you have already submitted a Student Aid Application for 
California (SAAC) and have been evaluated' and detennined to have Stafford/Supplemental 
Loan eligibility. May 2 is also the deadline for all student-initiated revisions, budget 
extensions, and budget add-ons. For further infonnation, contact your college 

STUDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES OFFICE 



8 CALENDAR 

__ Ie SERVICES 
~ thmcJfIt FrfdrI¥ 

• 8 l .m.-4:30 p.m. (frlclay ·3 p.m.) -". GAllI ........ 
,..... ptOYIcIes ___ to ItudefU whole natMI 
....,...1. not~lth ... to tho .. ~WOI1IIn~. 
GefTnM. SpanIsh. French ... \1eInameIe. A dllI"OIIk: _ 
on wr1tt8n ErcIIIh I. IMlIabIII on reque.L Call 534-2284 tor 
info. (ww/lIy) 
• 8:30 l .m." :30 p.m. - Let GAllI .. MI 111_ 
c..... help ,ou this QI*Ier with time manacement. nota 
IIIkIrW ... ~. textbook lllllyala. memofY. llexlble/ 
. paecI readlrc. -.Dulaly deWlop",."t ... GREiLSAT / 
MCAT verbeI ~Ion. Stop by '!'Oft< Hili 4010 or call 
534-7344 to .. t up I personal appointment. Also .• 1IIy on the 
~ tor thole \/llueille OASIS SWcIy SklIIS WOIkI/Iop'" 
the GRE WMkand SpecI8I •• {wwIdy} 
• 8 l .m.":30 p.m. - The GAllI .,..... CeoIIIIr I. I flee 
setvIce lor III UCSO ItUdentI: We oller one to one wrttJnc 
c:om.-c.. lor any ~ of wrIIIrc P'OJeq - acacIemic: 

~. perwonal .~. ewn .torie. and poems. 0..-
. td of trIIinec:t ~ •• who oome from I Y8rie1y of 
acacIemk: disciplines. can help you tIIc:ome II110Ie elrectNe 
wrtter. CI1I534-2284 to make an ~ 0( drop by our 
olllce In the old Student Center. BuIIdInC A. Room 214. 
(weeIdy) 

AfOtHMy, AprIl 19 
• 9 I .m." p.m. - ... CIIIIaIa .,..... ,..... l.IItWo7 
",,' 1Iooo ....... IorFaiIQuarter ·93wrttJncdal .... Allout 
and submit lottery 'tiCI<et' III HSS 2346 ... lilt inlonnatlon 
on when to return lor lonery results. RunC'thIO\Ch Mil\' 3. 
.3-3:50 p.m. -1" .... "wtIun ... "1I11 CIT.Jrt~­
OASIS- Sludy Man .. ement Center. '!'Oft< Hal1-4010. Free. 
Prerf/listrlllon recommended. 534-7344. 

Tuesdll\'. Apri/2O 
• 1·1:50 p.m. - "lbn.1IIM Pra IllaIIC/T.Jrt ~­
OASIS- Study Manaeement Center. '!'Oft< H1I1-4010. Free. 
Prerf/listratJon recommended. 534-7344. 

lECTURES 
MondlIy. April 19 

• 4 p.m. - "CMnNIry III .... ~ ....... 
~ willi a.n.IIo T ......... • - A special physical 
chemistry semI_wtth Dr. John Tully of AT&T Bell LaboratofIes. 
2102 Urey Hall. 

~sday. April 21 
.12 p.m. - "SpIItI, 1Iody ....... : tt.IIng s,.wn.1n IN 
AINrtI:8a" - "'-'*I by UCSO ___ ...... AmeIIc:an 
"'" T ___ • Ph.D. MUr SequoIa Room. S2. SponIonIcIby 
BurIIe L.ecIansIip on AIIgIon'" SodaIy. Call 534-2521 . 
.4p.m.-"T ...... " ...... oftllel ...... "' ........... ·"b· 
-lecture by FredrIc R. Jameson. Ouk.Unlllerslty.CRCAMaln 
Space. 408 MMe. Free. 

TlMndlly. April 22 
• 12 p. m. - "E1IInIc &Mof MaIIwts LGe AnIIIII: a70-
1NQ. - The Ethnic Studlel Dspnnent pmen\.I Abel 
Valenzuela. Posldoc. UC 8erl<eley. 3415l~ure BuIIdInC. 
.8 p.m. - ............. GotaI, ApMIIe ....... InIIIdon: 
The PrectIoe ..... .ltlldr of a NIIlIw ""*'- ......... 
TrMItIoft" -Ines M. TalamanllZ, Ph.D .. offers uecond part 
of the Burke lectureship. Pelerson Hall. room 108. 

Frid6y. April 23 
• 5-7 p.m. - The Vietnamese SlucIenI Assoclllllon Is Il"NItIna 
a reaHIIe astrOnaut who flew on the I .. t "- .huttle 
mission. Come list.n to the ... VIeb •• __ ... ..-oe 
speek III the Price Center Gallely A. 
• 12·1 p.m. -"....., ............... - The Pro&ram In 
Religious Studies presents 8 bfown.bII& fecuhy seminar by 
Harris leoowilZ of the Unlvershy of Utah jewish Studl •• 
Proaram. HSS 4025. 

SERVICES , nRISHIPS 
MorIcI6J'-FrIrI6Y 

• 8 a.m." :3O p.m. - Il0l+ ~ ....... of 
career Informll\Jon deslloed to help ,ou clarify your skills. 
values and Interest For more Informllllon. come to the Career 
Services Center. 510. (_II/)I) 
.9a.m.·5p.m.- wa....·."-c:..-.... eo....In& 
- Feel like no one underStands? Women counHlors trained 
byPsydl . services 8Vallablelo helpwll/l crises or /lYe support 
and referrals lor )'Our need • . ConflClen~aI . sate "-. Walk 
In or by appointment. located In the old Sludent Cent.r Bldg. 
A. 534-2023. (-"Iy) 
. 1 :30-4 p.m. - DRONNADIIIIM .... - For help wkh 
career goall . job h~ r6sum6 preparation or exptortnc 
pro~1onaI or..,-adUIIIICfIOOI opporwnIIIn. Noappollilment 
needed, JUSI walk In to the C_ SeMce. Center. (wM/(1y) 
.1IEmIR - Graduattrc thl' quarter and ,k»Meklnc? We' II 
match you with a profellionel in your field who will let )011 
l tarted nelwo"(irc In the lOcal job 1IIIIf1<et. Sl&n up at C_ 
service • . (_ kly) 

1ofond6Y. Apti/1e 
. 1:30p.m.-~ ...... ''' ........... L_' ... 
- UIinI video. IiTIpIINe your t8Chn1que ~ snctIoa ... 
......-fltecbck.~: InI.efvtewInCSklII. WOIkI/Iop. 
sen up at C-r SeMce. ~ Room. 

The UCSD Guardian 

.3-4:30 p.m. -_of_""'-........ -leader. 
£quI11a W<I. 2025 HSS. Free. 
.~:30p.m . - Ul •• d II W-·.TllenllrGlNllp-
Call lor .IIPWI!. 534-3585. HSS 2125. no tee. Leacler: Equliia 
luke. 

Tut,.. April 20 
• 10 .. m.·12 p.m. '1'1. IU ......... -OpIn 
flJrwomen. Laaden: UndMy Caklefon and Bewrty McCreary. 
1003 GH. c.l1 UndHy • 534-3755. 
• 2-3 p.m. - LeIIJIIIV"'~1IIIII ,.., • __ .... with 

~. Do ,ou "- I question about your .. xuaII1Y? Do ,ou 
need an uncIetstandlrC peqon to talk to? Drop In &. let's talk. 
located In the peer OOt.Ilselln& oIfIce (near Mac's Place &. 
Ubr8iy lource In PrIce Cntr. ) Call 534-3987 for details. 

~Iy} 
.3-4:30 p.m. - ....... W ........ -leader: lindsay 
Calderon. 1003 GH. Free. 
• 4-5 p.m. -ACCUI: 'aunIAlC-&! 41._ .... 
tile ........ - Meet with proItIIIon8Ia from your 
tIeIds of Interest lor contacta. leeds and job aelRh \Ipa. 
Rtfller III IMiICIatoiy 0IIentIIlI0n .. ssIon today lor May 20 
ewnt. Enrollment limited! AppIk*Ions II Career SelVlces 
Center. 
• 6:303 p.m. - eon.- ....... - An open dlscusalon 
belften 1eIIIIan •• PYS. bIseXual, and heleroMxUIII. Lad by 
C ..... 1. Student Center 'B' lower level com: room. (MekIy) 
.11:3().8p.m. - ...... _ .......... _·.~ 
..... - l_level oonf. room. StucIant center BleIl. B. 
Free. 

WeOOesday. April 21 
• 11 a.m. - DefttIIIcIIoaI: WIIM '"',.c .... ,.,. 11M 
AdnIINIon Need to Know - AdmissiOn, procedure., 
application Slrlllegle" selection of schools. International 
Cent.r. Free. 
.1·3 p.m. -1MIIIan/a.y/ ............ eo. ...... wlth 
David. Do ,ou have que.tiOns about ~ _uallty'? Do )'Ou 
need an understandlnaperson to talk to? Our otrlce Is located 
In the PrIce Cenlernext to Mac's Place & 1I11rary Loun&e. CIII 
534-3987 tor details. (weellly) 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - c:ew:-. 1AtIno. MuIIIcIiIturaI .... -
ReYelle Colle .. Prov. BId& .. leader: Dan Munoz. No fee. 
(-"Iy) 
.4-5:30p.m. - Ul_. J .... GnIwtIi ..... -PaulHoIL. 
Call tor s~. 534-3755. 1003 GH. Free. 
• ~:30 p.m. - LaeIJIM ......... w..-'. ~ 
QnIIIp - A conlklentll l dro\>In &rouP with a suppottlve 
enYlronment to discuss Issues of sexUality. Led by Chell. 
Student Center 1IldI. _ ...",1 cont. room. Call 534-3987 
lor detail • • (~/y) 
• !HI p.m. - c... O ......... n In "........, -Erclneers talk and __ questions about their jobs. Penel 
..-Ina In Gallery B of PI1ce Center. 
.6:303p.m.-., ............. Men·.~IInMJp­
We',. 8 sate and confldat'ltlal group tor paopIeto discull their 
concerns about their sexuality led by DIWId and Slew. 
Student Center B. lower lew! cont. room. Call 534-3987 tor 
<I11III111. Free. (wwII/y) 

1/IufsQay. April 22 
.11:30 I .m. - _ .... 101-~ of all job Y8CIiIde. 
are unecMrtlsed. this WOI1Ishop will teach you !hi mosl 
eflectJve WII\' to find them. C_r ServIce. Center. Free. 
• 1·2 p.m. -1MIIIan ., ............ ~ wtth 
Chell. Do,ou "- qutltlona abcM ~ sexuality? Do you 
need an understandlrC person to talk to? CeN 534-3987 to 
set up an appointment. t-1I1y} 
.2:3Op.m.-EduIIIlIN"Y_~C-­

~dllCUIIIonwlllCXMrenvlronr'rlerQl planners. 
environmental protection. natural resource man.ment. 
Career service. MunJ.f'urpose room. Free. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Adult Chi ....... fII AIoaIIoIIcs ~ 
EduoatIoneIIupport Group - Galbraith HIli 1003. leader: 
Jeanne Mane ... Free. 
• 5:30-7 p.m. - Common GnMIII- A ,upport &rouP lor 
fllends and famille' of lesbian • • IIIYIIIId bI .. xu .... Lower 
level conference rm .. Sludent c-r I11III- B. 
• 5:30-7'p.m. - Gr8duIta .., .... _ ........... Group 
- We're a safe and conlklentlal .roup tor people to elscuss 
lhelr concems about their .. xuallty. led by Mill!. Student 
Canter 'B· lower I_I conf. room. Call 534-39B7 for details . 
(wwII/y) 
• 6-9 p.m. SeINI ..... W........, .... W_WlJe ..... 
IuivMJ ....... AIMe 1IIId/-R.,. -Lad b\I Betty Brook'. 
R_11e Formal lo .... Call Nancy for Information. 534-
5793. 

Frld6Y. April 23 
• 10 a. m. · 2 p.m. - CeneIr.., .......... CoowputIiJI ..... 
The Alta - Dr. Max ~. from Stanford UnNersity will 
IhIe 8 workshop on the 'Batort<:onductor.' I CO/TIIIUIII' music 
device. Open III ttudtnIJ. 
.11a.m. ...... ........... WoIt ..... L.earTltecllnlques 
required to be IlUCCllllIuI In \lie InteMIw procns. c..... 
SeMce Center. Frw. 
• 11·11:50 • . m. - ..... ad) C, Lull ... - leader: 
Beverly HIIju. 412 MMe. Free. 
• 12:3().2 p.m. - "-MIMc.tat.tIIJ,... - MountaIn 
VIeW l ou • . La ..... : Je ...... M .... and AlvIn ~. 
Oropln. Free. (ww/lIy) 
• 1 p.m. - .............. : WIIIIl ",llu" ,.,. 11M 
MIIIIaIaII ...... IIMw- AcImI .. 1on pJIXlIdurws. appIIcatJon str.... and actIooI .. lectlon. C_ Senrice. Center • 
Frw. 

• 1·2:3Op.m.-ON * .. C 'I·w ...... -Callfor 
~. HSS 2148. Free. 534-3!585. 
.2 .. p.m. - AIooMI ........... _A-.. .... -R_lIe 
Co .... 1'IvII. BIcII.. no tee . 
• 4.a p.m. - c.,... ..... F.- - Mountain VIew 
Loun&e. leildef: PlLIl Raphael. Free. (-"Iy) 

Sllanlay. Apttl ~ 
.8 vn.-3 p.m. - ........ y_ c:.- - ifMIIptt 8 
ItoU' IIIIIiIIIItop UB!ngp.IPct.a.uIonIand ....... mant 
1fMr*lrill101dIInIfy_opIonaandlMm_-aI 
tecIInIqLa. RegIe1Ir al ReIINnce Roomdelk.1 fie c-r 
SeMcea Center. $10. 

HEIlD 'FRIESS 
~ 

• e,a.m.4.2 ".m. -Put ~to the _ . the 1IIne .. \8It. • 
A friendly Student H.alth Advocate will c...... ,... 
c.IIall ................................... . 
.... ..., .. 1 tor FREE In ATSTOP. Come by ~ floor 
Student Health to maIce an appolnt.-.t. (...,,) 

Monday-TIIutsday 
• (2 p.m.. Man; 10 a.m. & 1 p.m., Tues. ; l1 .. m. & 1 p.m .. 
wect.; 10 .. m. & 1 p.m.. TJturs.) - How would an unplanned 
~or STD atfectyour II,.? To leam about birth control. 
STD pmentlon and pelvic e_. come to the _'. 
.............. InID. ........ 2nd floor, StucMnl Hellth 
Center. 

Wed'Ie$d6f. April 21 
• 11:30 l .m.·1 :3O p.m. - AI. A_ FeIr - Send 
your tr1end a c~. PrIce Center. Continues IhIoUCh 
A/rll 27. Sponsored by Panhellenlc &. IFe. 

CLUBS , MEETlIGS 
1rfontWy, April 19 
.5p.m. -StudentEml~ActlanCGelltlon ........ 
- Get Involved In Earth 011\'. recycllr'C. an IIW\ronmental 
nlWsP8I)It' aoo much more. omce 208 Student Center. 
directly 8IJO\Ie Soft Re_ •. Ewryone Is WIIIComeI r-K1y} 
• 7 p.m. - CIrcle K ........... oaI - Community seMce 
oraanIzIIIlon meets In Gallery B. PrIce Center. Come join us. (weellJtJ . 
.7 p.m. - LGaA ................ - Get IIMlMd wtth 
LGBA,ou' lI make friends and "- a &/8111 time helPInC out. 
Malee k your buslnessl MeIIIIrca are at !hi 'NRC. (ww/I/jI) 

TiIftIWy, AprlI20 
• 12 p.m. - AA ......... - Student Center A. room 113. 
LIfII confeIenc:e room. ('"""M 
• 3-4 p.m. - Adult CIINraIIef AIeIJIIIIIe (ACAI- 12-step 
group meellnC. Purpose ot I/OUP II to WIIicome and live 
comfof\ to children of alcoholics. Free. ~ and 
conflclenllal. PrIc:e Center Admin. 2nd floor abowt Food Court. 
ltvlne Room. EveI)'OIIII wetcome. 753-2100. (II'HIIM 
.5 p.m. - BlwMkIy meatlrC ofCCM ~I of Poll Doc Grad 
IludIrU. MTF275. Chlcano./Latlnos IorcrellllYe medicine. 
(weelllyJ 

WeOOesd6Y, April 21 
• 1·3 p.m. - 1"-*7, .................. tIart meetllor 
lunch to Informally dlSCUII on topics of today. All .tudentI 
and IICUI\jI are welcOme to join. For ~ Into: Chrts 558-
2103. (-"./y) 
• 3 p.m. - The ....... c-nutIIr AIuIcory ..... needs 
people 111<1)011. WMkIy meetinp are III !hi ReW .. Provosl·. 
olllce.(-"-M 
• 4-6 p.m. - All welcomel Itudent AfImtIIlIwe ActIoII 
ComiIIIIIM MeetIng. Santa Barbara/lOl AnCeIe. room. Pnce 
Center. (week!l1 
• 4 p.m. - Tlllni CollIe T ........ +R ... ntry Studenta 
(TRU) ___ - Dlac:usa problem •. solutions. quesllon. 
and en,WIIrI eboutllelna I Iran,fer or r ... ntry studenl. 
( .... ~IyJ 
• 5 p.m. - SATCH .......... - Impot\anl meetlrc In lhe 
Berkeley room. E .... ryone mull oome. 
• 8:30 p.m. -~ CIuII - Interested In hlkl".. 
rTIOUIlUIn blklna and other outdoor actlvttle.? Join us on the 
second floor patio ot the sludent center. abowI KSOT. 
(Wft/(/y) 
• 7 p.m. - MAl' - Get Involved wItI1 ActIve SIUCIentI lor 
AlDS"'-ntion. PoI1tIcaIICIMam. wlunteerlSm. Helppment 
the IjlfUd of AlDSI Pnce Center. (-"/)I) 
.7 p.m. -Cltll.-IIIIIIIIIlAII a cll.... General ~ 
It Galiely A. Come find out about electlonl ... excltlnC May 
-.. Call 453-2320 for Inlormllllon. 

n.nctay. Apt1/22 
.6:30p.m.-08ILA:0I11111111aOn1Or ................... 
In LIIIn AIMrIcIII - "-'II Don? 111,.""" ••• tim 
doc:unenIIng the cIImoc:rdzdon of ChII. InIhI1t of fie 
AmerIcaI. upstaI .. cOIII ... Ile. room. 

RtIIt'. April 23 
• 7:30-10'.m. - Corne to the ........ c:-.e.r ......... 
at the Revelle CommuIar louf"Ce. All you can HI for hili • 

buck.(~ 
• 8-10 I .m. - Warrwn ContmuIM BreilkflLlt. Meet fellow 
MudentlancI • ., .......... Ut.1lldl.2ndfioorcome-
room. All you C8i'I elll Only so.. (WWIdy) 
• 10:30 I .m. - join "*"II c.-... c....... ..... and 
helpplen MInta. MeetJrca III TItInI Col .... Dean'. cont. ... 1CII 
room.(....., 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

• 12 p.m. - All ........ - Student Carter A. room 113 . 
larIe conference room. (weeII/yI 
• 12 p.m. - Support .. ouP lor IIlIIJIentI, ...., .... ItIIII 
wItII cIIIJNn. Chlldcare provided. . 
.2:30 p.m. - Ndwe "-'-" ....... ~ (NASA) 
meeu_kly on Frldeys III the GrIM!. Come ... lilt InvoIVedl 
(WH/I./t, 

EIlTS , REGRflDOI 
~Thursday 

• 9 p.m.·2 a.m. - LIlla ....,.. ...... '-. ·Cafe Diana at 
the Ch6. Mon-Thurs .• pel musk:. A variety of ~mmy ballad 
goods. Specieltycotreesand ..... Openmla.pho" . ... (~ 

Tue~ 
• 12-5 p.m. - "C8rIIIiIc VarIItIonI: TIne ~ ........... " • 
the MandeYllIe Gallely through AprIl 25. 

fo.fond6Y. April 19 
.4 p.m. - o,en "'1-AI the Grove Cafle. All musicians 
welcomel USI."... welcome. too. f-"lyJ 

Tuesday, April 20 
.7:30p.m.-Fr. JackCollin.wlllhoslenopentorumentilled 
"To .. Or flat ."M.CItIIoIIc.· San Francisco/Santa Cruz 
Room III PrIce Canter. 

Wealesd6Y. April 21 
• 12 p.m. - "-II III tile ...... -{;orne out and .at lunch 
with lG8A. Brlna,our own food . (weeII/yI 
.3p.m.- lnesM. Talamant.z. Ph.D. lllkesp8l\ ln8 Sludent 
colloquium entitled "We Toole It Away F .... CIIunIItiII: 
...... "-Icart R..-- .... tile ...... of 1CIentIb." 
Intemlltlonal Center. 
• 4 p.m. - 'Get WIred' lIP III the Grove Caffe present. 
...... .... 1IIcIc." Each -" I new band will be f.lltUled. 
Free. 

Thursd6Y, April 22 
• 6 p.m. - AI JOU _ .. Thursdey nl&lll supper for 52. 
Sponsored by the UCSO CIIhoIIc Communhy. Come to the 
Un'-shy lutheran Church. (_1<.Iy) 
.8 p.m. - AIl ...... of ....... 1IIUIIc .......... poetry 
.. cINM. ServlO Merin. composer-dlrec:tor. Center lor 
Re .. arch In CompuIIrc and The Arts (CRCA). 534-4383 lor 
Information. 
• 10 p.m. - PoIIlry NWIt lit Cafe .. III the C~ Cafe. 
BrIn& your own poe\Iy. Iislen to others or do both. (-"M 

FrIrI6Y, April 23 
.8a.m.·10p.m.-The_CoIIIe~""""'" 
hal mowd to Frldaysl join u. and pig out before dais. 
LIteraluIll Bulldlna. 2nd floor conference room. All you can 
.111. only 50$. lweekly) 
• 8 p.m. - "AI So.CaI IMtIof'IiL1Lll" - Hylt\ Regency 
Allcante. Anaheim. Sponsored by UCSO Chinese Student 
AIIOcIlllIon. UCLA. UCI and UCR. Tlckata: 510 In itdYance. For 
tIx/lnto call 453-4977 or 453-2320. 

&llUIdIIy. April 24 
.8 .. m. -HIndI "" ..... - Communhy 5eIVice eYent 
In COI'4unctIon with USO. SOSU. Volunteers ChOOIII an aspect 
of community HiVlce to help lor a dey (Ie. homele.snes.). 
Food end po.t-actlvlty .nt.rtalnment will be provided. 
Sponsored byUCSD VoIunteerConnec:tlon. Cell Molly at 534-
1414 lor I110Ie Information . 
.8p.m. ---ItIInI~-TheG~1rc 
ensemble. oow In It. 17th .. aon will perform the final 
concert of the 1992-93 Chamber Music SerIes In M8I'ICIe'iI11e 
AucIItoI1um. TlcIIIIIS are UB • UCSD PiIce Center Box 0IIIce 
or from Tlcl<illmlltar . 

SundIty. April 2S 
• 12·2 p.m. - ..... callie - weekly PIOe'II'I'I for Razl. 
InIIIMewI and mullca pIcoNl (-.Illy) 
.3 p.m. - Two "- touos of tile UCID ..... are offered 
thl •• prina by the UCSD VlaItont Program. The bua tours are 
the flrsl and third SUndllys of each month from the Gilman 
Informllllon Pavilion. The walklrc tours are on altern •• 
Sundeys from the Gilman Inform.ion Pevilion. ReHiVatlons: 
call 534-4414. (~/y) 

RWIIIUS SERVICES 
~,Apri121 

• II p.m. - ......... __ to students by Unlvershy 
Lutherans. Everyone WIIIcome. AI the University lutheran 
Churdl (aero .. from ReYeIle Col .... ). 
.7 p.m. - "11_" - IIIbIe lIudy led by Campus Pator 
John Huber. Open to all. UnIverIlty lutheran Church (1CtOII 
from Revette Col .... ). 
• B p.m. - OM Wa AIOIlI .. tile UnIArM" - Campu. 
P_tor John Huber. All ... wetcome. University lutheran 
CItIRh (_ from ReYe" CoIIeIe). 

ThIndIIy. IIpIII 22 
• II p.m. -11·' .....,. ......... Cell 455-5523 lor 
1nfII. (weldy) 

FrIrI6Y. April 23 
• 12 p.m. - ........ FtIda7 .....,.. In the PrIce C-. For 
Into. call '!'usuI ... 4!5().<IM1. (wM/(1y) 
.7 p.m. ... ........ FtIda7 fIWJl I,M- Me ...... food 
and ,.trelhmtnl • . All welcome. PI1ce Cent ... eo... 

SwIcMy. AptI/ 2S 
• 10:15 a.m. - I.ArtIteraa __ -m-. Unlvershy 
lutheran Church (aero •• \III.treal from RIYIII. Colle .. ). 
Open 10 al l. 

GUARDIAN FEATURES 

MONDAY. APRIL 19, 1993. PAGE 11 

~. ( 

CULT5 
Second In a 

Twa-1Wt Series 

• Cults an very persuasive in 
convincing students to join their 
organizations, but some say 
undemealh their promises of 
happiness is a lie of te. ... fnuI 
BY BE N FRE UND, FEA T URES E. DITOR 

People were drawn to Kelly Schorr, especially the guys. 
So young and pretty. the San Diego State graduate student 
was a peerless salesperson. yet she would freely give away 
her single priceless ware to everyone she met. 

A crackerjack huckster who was well·acquainted with 
the sneaky tricks of the trade, Schorr found that her 
product. which she might describe as a lifetime of spiritual 
bliss. pretty much sold itself. All she had to do was 
detennine. through her expertly subtle techniques. the 
particular needs of each client Once she had done that. she 
knew she had snared another future cultist. 

"You know, we had the best product in the world, we 
had the creator of the heavens and the eanh." laughs 
Schorr. a veteran of a pseudo-Cllristian organization known 
as The Way, lntemational. "So you identified the felt need, 
and then you showed them how what you had to offer could 
meet that need. Then you manipulate the situation through 
salesmanship and practice and ability, and you end up 
getting them to commit to coming to a meeting." 

At that point. says Schorr. it was only a matter of time 
until her latest victim would join her in her favorite cult. 
She never really cared that the endless spiritual bliss she 
had promised her new friends more closely approximated 
mindless terror. 

There are more than 3,000 different brands of "destruc-
tive cults," according to the Cult Awareness Networi<: 
(C.A.N.), a national non·profit organization which keeps 
tabs on questionable groups. 

A destructive cult, reports Priscilla CoalCS, chainnan of 
the Los Angeles area C.A.N. chapter, can be identified by 
its three main components. First. she says, dangerous 
groups "recruit deceptively about who the group is and/or 

See CULlS, page S2 



S2 Monday, April 19, 1993 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S3 

CULTS: Groups 
use guilt, fraud to 
keep members in line 
ConIInued from ..... 51 
what you will have to do to become a 
part of the group and what your com-
mitment will be once you're a part of 
the group. 

"'The second characteristic," she 
continues, "is that the group has a 
program which is designed to change 
the way you look at the world It's 
designed to change your vocabulary 
andyourreJationshipwithyourfriends 
and family. 

"The third characteristic of the 
group is unethical and/or illegal activ-
ity'" she says. "Many of these groups 
are into all \cinds of money dealings. 
They're into fraud because they don't 
present to you who they are or what 
you have to do." 

Most of the groups present two 
images," says Coates. "They have a 
public image and they have a private 
image. The Hare Krishnas, for in-
stance - at this point I'm not really 
sure what they're up to. They say 
they've totally cleaned up their act. I 
can't quite believe them." 

At a recent Krishna Sunday Feast, 
a dinner hosted by the Krishnas which 
is open to the public, one devotee 
admitted he considers the Hare 
Krishnas to be a cult, though he de-
nied it was destructive. The six-year 
devotee, a Mesa College student who 
would identify himself only as 
"Manny," says that he once lived the 
strict life of a temple-dweller for nine 
months, but ultimately he found the 
atmosphere too controlling and de-
cided to take a break fro~ the harsh 
lifestyle. 

During those nine months, Manny 
says, he would rise in the middle of 
the night to perform several hours of 
chanting and prayer. Then he would 
spend all day out in the streets, selling 
books and coolcies and recruiting any-
body who seemed interested. On a 
good day, he recalls, he might rake in 

m 
You trick yourself into 

thinking you're happy 

because you tbJok 

you're doing the right 

thing. 
KEu,y SCHORR 

Fomzer cult member 

m 
as much as $500, all of which he 
dutifully turned over to the temple. 

Manny regularly donates all of his 
extra money to the temple and, he 
adds. hedoesn 'tcare where the money 
ends up. He also says he hopes to one 
day have several wives simulta-
neously, a practice which he says is 
widespread in the temple, though no-
body is supposed to talk about it. 

DravidaDasa(thesumameissym-
bolic),aseniormemberoftheKrishna 
temple, denies much of what Manny 
disclosed about his experience as a 
Hare Krishna Whileheacknowiedges 

that strict devotees do rise as early as 
3 a.m. for devotional meditation and 
prayer, Dravida maintains that the 
Krishnas are no longer a cult in the 
popular sense, pointing to reforms as 
recent as 1988 which have helped to 
transform the organization. 

Dravida admits that women have 
a subordinate role in the temple. ''Tra-
ditionally," he explains, "it has been 
men in leadership positions. The na-
ture of a woman is to get married, be 
protected and have children. This is 
the natural function of a woman. If I 
was in a woman's body, that's what I 
would want to do also. It 's best if. 
women are married and protected." 

But Dravida vehemently denies 
that polygamy is practiced among 
Krishna devotees, and explains that 
Manny probably confused being a 
Hare Krishna with another religion. 

William Rambur reports that re-
cruiters from many destructive cults 
flock to college campuses because, 
being hotbeds of youthful unrest, uni-
versities have proven to provide a 
fertile breeding ground for new mem-
bers. 

"See, most of the ones that get 
involved in the cults are not bums or 
misfits or lacking in love or any-
thing," observes Ram bur , who helped 
found C.A.N. in 1974. "Most of them 
are people who had a good home life, 
a good family. They're highly intelli-
gent young people. 

"Cults don't recruit the bums," he 
explains. "That's why they 'reon cam-
pus, because that's where the intelli-
gent people are going." 

A likely target for cult recruiters, 
says C.A.N.'s Coates, is a student 
from a stable family background who 
suddenly fInds him or herself in an 

unstable situation. Typical examples 
include someone who is just entering 
or leaving college, breaking up with a 
boyfriend orgirlfriend. ordea\ing with 
any number of other "little ruftles in 
their life," she says. 

One mother of a UCSD graduate 
who recently escaped from the San 
Diego Church of Christ says her 
daughter was quite successful at spor-
ting these types of students on cam- . 
pus and winning them over to the 

church. 
The mother and daughter requested 

that their identities be withheld be-
cause the two are currently 
to plan the escape of other 
friends within the San Diego 
Church of Christ, a cult 
which has won local no-
toriety for its flour-
ishing mem-
bership, 

,---- ----------------, 

2TANs$:[ : , , 
, 

, 

, 
, 
, 

One for you, one for a friend : 
130 Tan Days $2~ I , 

, 

, Wolff 6ed5 • Facial Tamers 

'-----
Sone~'I!'IY J 

____ ..:....2IId.:~.':.....~.99(oIIII~~) _____ / 
,------------------------, 

, LOSE 6" in 2 HOURS , 
" Guaranteed ... S48 ~ I/ostinches, and my jeans " 

European Body Wrap fit now. It's definitely worth it/" 
, 

- Mindy. San Diego , 
Lose at least 6" or you don't payl 

, No exercise or dieting. Not a temporary water loss. , 
, GOLDEN TRIANGLE La Jolla Pt. Lorna Hlllcre!lt , 
, PERFECT rAN 455-0952 224-9727 296-7004 , 

3251 Holiday Ct. Pacific 6each MI5!l1 V lie 5ute Col. 
, acr055 5trc:et f rom EI rorito 581 9060 542~9f Y 697-8014 , 

455-0909 -~ ________ =::.~~.~p>d ~",,!: ________ J 

H Career Opportunity 
-_ ...... ;;.;, 

Bilingual Intern Program 
Do You: 

• Have a B.A. or B.S. Degree (as of 7/1/93 ) 
• Want to make a difference in the lives of elementary 

ch ildren in an urban setting 
• Speak. read, write Spanish or Khmer 
• Want to work full -time while completing requirements for 

California elementary credential 
• Want to earn full benefits and a starting salary of no less 

than $26, 600 for 9 months 
Q>ntact campus career center (or complete infonnation and application 
packet or call Diana Williams at (310)436-9931, ext. 1476-

Deadline for Application Is May 14, 1993. 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
Indmoreln 
.......... 
upstairs In the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

PRESIDENT'S WASHINGTON 
SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 

Financial Assistance in the form of a scholarship may 
be available to you for a D.C. internship if you meet 
the following requirements: 

• Sophmore status with at least 78 units at 
time of application; 

• Must demonstrate fmancial need; 
• 3.0 G.P.A. or higher; 
• At least one quarter of undergraduate study 

remaining upon return from the internship 

SCHOLARSHIP ApPLICATION DEADLINE 
FOR FALL '93 D.C. 
INTERNSHIP IS APRIL 30, 1993 

Contact Academic Internship Program 
3255 Literature Building ~~e.;~~; 
534-4355 

aggressive recruiting tactics and mili-
tant lifestyle. 

If their names were disclosed, the 
mother explains, the church would 
forbid any member from spealcing 
with the pair and their efforts 

would be wasted. 
She eKplained her 
daughter's technique 

for snaring new 
church 

members. After identifying a student 
who looked troubled and alone, the 
mother says, her daughter would in-
vite the loner to a party or a volleyball 
game or whatever she thought that 
student might enjoy. The actual event 
would be planned later; at that point. 
it was only impoltant that the poten-
tial recruit agree to go. 

"She wouldn't tell them who she 
was with," the mother says, "and she 
didn ' t think: she was being deceitful. 

She justified it by saying that she was 
malting the person a better person and 
saving them from Hell. But of course, 
after she got out, she couldn't believe 
she did that, because she was lying to 
people." 

As a resident dean at Warren Col-
lege, Claire Palmer has known sev-
eral students who have unwittingly 
become involved with cults. Most 
recruiting .. Palmer says, occurs co-
vertly during the fITSt few weeks of 
school, when cult members are out in 
full force. 

It is during those early weeks that 
most students are looking for new 
friends and scoping out the various 
ways to get involved in campus ac-
tivities. Students are also searching 
for a sense of belonging and, Palmer 
points out, are particularly vulnerable 
to enterprising cults. 

"Cults do what I would call friend-
shipevangelism,"Paimersays. 'They 
rea\lybeseechthepeople'sconfidence 
and friendship at a very early stage, 
but almost in an overbearing sense, 
inviting them to go to a barbecue, to 
services, and to everything. 

"And then what I see is ' friend-
ships ' are won over, and then there's 
a tremendous amount of pressure for 
them to join the church." 

Palmer says that she has known 
students who are pushed into joining 
cults after being bombarded with tre-
mendous feelings of guilt. Recruiters 
may tell their victims that anyone 
who doesn't join their particular sect 
is condemned to Hell. Later, Palmer 
says, the new members are often or-
dered to sever relations with anyone 
who is nor a member, including friends 
and family. 

This account closely mirrors 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

Schorr' s experience. The members of 
The Way seemed to really care about 
her, she says. and that attracted her to 
the group. Feeling somewhat unsettled 
at college, Schorr at fITSt appreciated 
the comfort she felt among her new 
friends. though she didn't yet under-
stand why they were giving her such 

m 
We had the best 

product in the:world, 

we had the creator of 

the heavens and the 

KElLy SCHORR. 
Former cult member 

m 
close anention. 

She was channed by the sense of 
security that the acceptance of the 
group offered. She liked the fact that 
they seemed to worry about her and 
constantly called to check up on her. 
In retrospect, Schorr realizes that they 
were just trying to keep track of her. 

But at the time, Schorr recalls, she 
felt like The Way really cared about 
her and wanted her to be a part of 
whatever it was doing. It was this sort 
of attention that softened her up for 
the group's later advances. 

''The cult recruiter offers a belief 

system that has an answer for every-
thing," explains Schorr, "[It is al sort 
of a quasi-love. I call it 'quasi' be-
cause love is not an instant add-water-
and-stir kind of thing. What happens 
is that you 'reoverwhelmed by a sense 
of belonging that is in effect artificial, 
because you don't walk into a room 
and automatically belong." 

Once a student, having been suc-
cessfully lured by the deceptive front 
of a destructive cult. decides to join 
that organization, the true nature of 
the group beginS to unfold. Along 
with often bizarre and eccentric be-
liefs, cult members usually live rigid 
lifestyles that revolve entirely around 
the group. 

Revelle College Provost Tom 
Bond recalls the case of one UCSD 
student who, after joining the San 
Diego Church of Christ, was expected 
to commit herself totally to the cult's 
activities. 

"The group gradually took over 
this girl's life," says Bond "She had 
a midterm coming up, but no, no, she 
had to go on retreat. She had to move 
in with other people in this cult, and 
this cult was after her money. This 
girl happened to have an inheritance 
from her grandparents, and at some 
point they convinced her to sign over 
some very valuable CDs. We're talk-
ing about $25,000." 

After she slowly got more involved 
with The Way, Schorr began spend-
ing most of her time with other mem-
bers at church functions, and neglected 
her old friends. At flTst, she was able 
to maintain a sort of double lifestyle. 
For most of the week she was a "real 
cool sort of model-actress chick," she 
says, and then on Thursdays she would 

See CULlS, Page S5 

Repairs 

Li.ili&iit 
10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again! Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches CHIROPRAOIC WORKS! CALl TODAY fOR AFfORDA8I.E QUAlITY CARE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 558-3600 

• Most insurance covers chiropractic 
• Serving the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN DAILY 9 am-7 pm and Saturday 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at 1-5 and La lolla Village Drive 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain . . 

NO INITIATION FEE * 
·wfth this ad. Offer a. pir .. 512193. 

• AEROBICS • LFECYClES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEIOK STEPS 
• STAiRMASTERS • CWH AND SPACIOUS 
• NAU1I.US • PERSONIolINSTRUCTlON 

• 4 -.u FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clllremont Squ8r8 ShoppIng Center 
(Neat Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

FhI .... 1nr»nIItw! 

Mitsublshi Isuzu Acura 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29:.$55) 
1 . Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and o i l le~els 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clulch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road lest 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression test 
2. Valve adjustment 11 . Adjust timing 20. Lube front end . 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. Adlust dwell angle 21. Check & replenish all baneries. if necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. Adlust carburetor . fluid & oillev!lls 29. Rotate tires lif needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14 . Adjust all & fuel ratio 22. Check eleclncal system 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points. mIXtu re 23. Check for Iqose & lost 3 t . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. Adjust steering box bolts 32. Check all holdels 
7. Air filter. 16. Adjust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oil filter. 17 . Adlust brakes 25. Check ~Iutch hoses 
9. Gas fiiter, and 18. Adlust eme~gency brakes 26. Check ilghts . 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine ail 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarnage 35. Road test 

belts for damages 
Note: fOI 6-cyllnael ""'S add $20. Toyota SUP"S. add $30. DalSun 200SX Wllh 8 spalk ~ugs . add $35. 

Complete $169*' Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 
. Front or rear. 

. . We replace. . 1. Install special new pads Brake job includes: 
1. Transmission Input shalt 4. Throwout bearing or ins tali rear brake shoes 

seal (e. capt Handas) 5. Pilot bearings 2. Drain old brake lIuid 6. Adjust f,ont (if drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 3. Inspect complete and rear shoes 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test hydraulic syslem 7. Rep lace Iront rotor 
Note: Hydlau!c parts are not cOIIered Not for 4WD FIOf1I wheel 
drrve extra. 

4. Refill hydraulic fluid seals (.f rotor. tum) . 
5. Bleed enti re brake system 8. Road test 

Note: Hydraullc parts aro not Indudcd 

Bran~ new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mlle limited warranty . 

·most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

8008 Miramar Rd. overseas 
AuDnDtl .. RIp ... 695·1990 
•••••••• 

WIllI tlillIi ExpQs 511/93 
Callfor~ 

In,'1 ; I"" ,.,,\. .' . ,' .• t" '.1 I,Ll. I'll·. .n n" :. Open SaturddY 

, . 



54 SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 19, 1993 

HHENH 
WHAT'S A GOOD PICK-up LINE? 

Are you tired? You 've been 
running through my mind 
all night. 

If I had three wishes, you'd 
be one of them. 

SARAH ZENDER 
Fifth Junior 

MAn-JONES 
Muir Sophomore 

fOrm<rly 
TORREY'S 

LA JQLLA MARRIOTT 

t'ra;1-'$1 ~ 
DRAFT11"'" ~ tIP 
NIGHT 

10 TVs & 2 BIG SCREENS 
Drink Specials & Great Food 
Open at NOON on SATURDAYS & SUNDAYS 

-------------------------------5 POOL TABLES· AIR HOCKEY· DARTS 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR., LA JOLLA 

call 1414 ext. 6220 

INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES! 

JOIN THE TEAM THAT MAKES 
EVERYTHING AN EVENT! 

'* COMEDY SPEAKERS 
1tDRAMA '*FILM 

'* DANCE '* PUBLICITY 
'*CONCERT '* EVENT 

E VENTS PRODUCTION 

~~Qma 
NIE4E)~ YOU!l 

APPLICATIONS AVA I LABlE 
AT UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 

JRD FLOOROFTHE 
PRICE CENTER. ROOM J.)26 

FOR MORE DETA. LS 
CALL JUDI AT 5)4-4090 

APPLICATION DEADLINE IS APRIL 23, 1993 

Photos and Interviews by 
SAUL IJ!VINE AND JASON Rn'CHIE 

What time is it? Thanks, I 
wanted to know what time I 
met absolute perfection. 

DANA TIMMs 
Muirjunior 

How are you today? 
Fine. 
Yeah, I know you are. 

KIsI80HN 
Fifth Senior 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

Il" 'h(fl is l 'Ollr h(fir r/lli ll f< 
lil(fl l'(J/i //"(fll l il lll ' 
o mlillll(, t/ni llg .' 

\I b(fl is l 'Oll r hair 
cluill,f< " ;lIl .1VII d()11 'J 
/I '{/III il 10 he duillg ? 

Il' iJ/ild 1'()J1 iIJ.>r.' .\'(1 /11('-
Ihillg lie//" al/{I !I({/in'lll .' 

Look your best ever. 
MensCuts WomensCuts $4 $5 
OFF OFF 

Tryouts 
C",,\G$ • t7. 
Ut\\ 'l.I _ \\I.'" 
_,\\I 
,,,, ,.",. 

For more information, contact Canyonview, x44037 

Is that a real mole by your 
eye? I think it's cool that you 
don't paint it on like other 

. girls, 

GENEvIEvE DE GAIuAND 
Fifth Sopbomore 

When you buy 

ONE DOZEN 

long stem roses, 

lilies, 

or carnations, 

you get 

ONE 
RE 
OZE 
Equal or lesser value. 
Show your UCSD ID 

Exp. 5/15/93 
Cash and carry only 

Costa verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 

558-8888 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

CULTS: Spiritual 
fUlfurnnentcaniesa 
very high price tag 
ContInued from .... 53 
go to Bible study. 

In time, however, Schorr found 
herself becoming increasingly in-
volved in the group's activities. She 
now believes that the group is de-
signed from the stan 10 slowly gain 
complete control over every aspect of 
a new member's life. 'There's al-
ways something to do that gets you 
involved, and my personality is such 
that I tend to go to extremes," she 
says. 

Yet as Schorr found herself drawn 
deeper into the cult, the promises of 
happiness and spiritual order failed to 
materialize. "I wouldn't say I was 
happy. Happy isn't what 1 was. We 
were taught that happiness was a state 
of mind, and joy was on the inside. So 
you trick yourselfinto thinking you 're 
happy because you think you're do-
ing the right thing." 

CAN. founder William Rambur's 
daughter was involved in a cult called 
the Children-of God in 1971, an orga-
nization which still operates today. 
Among its other exploits, the group 
has been alleged to encourage its fe-
male members to become "flifty fish," 
or prostitutes, for the purpose of re-
cruiting rich new converts. 

"I talked to one girl a few months 
back who had gotten out of the Chil-
dren ofGod," says Rambur. "She was 
1 9-years-old,and related all ~sexual 
abuse and the beatings and the harass-
ment and the fear and everything that 
she underwent. It's pretty horrible to 
describe." 

Like Schorr, Rambur says the cult 
fails to bring the happiness it prom-
ises. "If someone didn't know my 
daughterfTom before, they would look 
ather and say, 'Gee, she looks happy. ' 
But by listening to what she had to 
say, I could tell that it was a put-on 
happiness," he says. 

In the San Diego Church of Christ, 
the anonymous mother reports, cult-
ists' lives are controlled 24 hours-a-
day. Members are told where to worle, 
and are forced to live with other mem-
bers in the same apartment buildings. 

'''They don't like them to be out-
side of the group and they rationalize 
it by saying that they wi111ive a more 
Christian life if they're sunounded by 
each other," says the mother. "But the 
real reason is that when you're con-
stantly with the group, then you won't 
breathe other things, and you won't 
be exposed to other things and that 
controls your sphere of learning and 
understanding. " 

In short, the mother says, 'They 
try to control the environment." 

The most dominant emotion that a 
church member experiences, says the 
mother, is gUilt. This is used to great 
effect by chU\"Ch administration. Con-
verts regularly confess their sins in 
group confession sessions, which, ac-
cording to the mother, are often se-
cretly recorded for use against the 
confessor. 

For instance, she says, if the church 
administration believes that a mem-
ber is considering leaving the church, 
then that person's confessions are an-
nounced from the pulpit in order to 
instill a deep sense of shame and guilt. 
The only relief for the doubter from 
this overpowering emotion becomes 
the subsequent acceptance of the 
member back into the group. 

The reason destructive cults are 
able to continue to thrive and recruit 
students, from the UCSDcampus and 
others nationwide, has little to do with 
the gullibility of a few students, An 

See ClLTS, Page 56 

The UCSD Guardian 

Bored to DEATH 
and' need to kill ti me? 

Try 'Time Killers in the 
PC Gameroom's 
'Video Arcade 

also in the arcade 

NBA Jam 
Addams Family 
Street Figh fer 

P[AI(/H~[( 
SALON 

Invitational 
Offer * 

• FUR ARST-TIME CUEHTS ONLY PLEASE 

RECEIVE THE FOLLOWING FOR only $35 
• In-Oepth Personal Consultation 
• Cut '" Anlshlna 
• Deep Heat Conditioning Treatment 
• Scalp Massage 
• Clarifying Treatment 
• Clear or Tinted Cellophane 
• Styll~ Lesson 
• Extra Shampoo '" Blow Dry 

• Mini Make-Up Appllcatlon 
• Eyebrow or Up Wax 
• Skin Consultation 

AROM.4.OLCX;Y-THE ART AND SCIENC E 
Of Pl.'RE FLOWEIl AND PlANT ESSENCES 

BONUS OFFER · 20 orr All Perm~ . Color ,,,,II Skin Ser"ces 
SERVICES CAN BE USED WITHIN 4 MONTHS OF PURCHASE DATE 

6875 La Jolla Blvd. (at Nautilus) 
454-1000 

SPECTACLE S5 

• Dr. "'.y O.D. VI.,Onear. 
Serving OPTOMETRIC 

LA JOLLA CENTER 
UNIV. CITY 

MIRA MESA 
\II] 

• 
6780 Miramar Road 

2 miles east of 805 
(behi1d C8/ts Jr.) 

578·6796 
- --T------I------

FASHION I CONTACT I FRAME AND I 
EYEGLASS I LENSES I LENS I 
SPECIAL I D." W.. ........ I COMBO SET I I $89 I I 

INCLUDES 
• Eye exam 
• Fashion frames 

I ~=-. I $35.000FF I 
I $1 09 I Any frame and lens I 
I I combo. Choose from I 

• Precision ground B & L 04 Ia selection of 
lenses S.V. I Dispalbill I ;ran:: and lenses I 

I $9900 I $~!!::: 1$ 00 I I I ....,·AtIIng·_up I 35 I 
I COMPLETE I $~=~n I OFF I L ______ l ______ ~ ______ ~ 

L.JCSD 
.'n~ ) K ~. IOf •• 

GET PUBLISHED 
•• IMPRESS YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY (AT 

LEAST YOUR MOM.) 
•• STACK YOUR RESUME 
•• BOOST YOUR SELF ESTEEM 
-- FAME AND FORTUNE (WELL, NO FORTUNE.) 
_. GREAT CONVERSATION TOPIC FOR FIRST 

DATES. 
•• GATEWAY TO SUCCESS 
•• FIRST STEP TOWARDS PULITZER 

BUT SERIOUSLY ... Untll Friday, April 30th 
THE U.S. GRANTS OFFICE IS ACCEPTING RE-

SEARCH PAPERS AND PHOTOS FROM UNDER-
GRADUATES FOR PUBLICATION IN: 

THE UCSD JOURNAL OF 
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH 

STOP BY THE U.S. GRANTS O~FICE, RM 3.305 
@ THE PRICE CENTER, FOR INFORMATION. 



, . 

S6 SPECTACLE 

CUL7S: Members 
are hard to spot; 
recruiting is a soft sell 
ContInued from .... II 
expen recruiter, wielding a finely 
honed manner and polished approach. 
is far more powerful than might be 
expected. 

"People think they can spot a cult 
member, but most cult members look 
like everybody else," explains the 
anonymous mother. '1'bey also think 
that if you have a firm belief, you will 
not be recruited into a cult, and that's 
not true, because you're not recruited 
with beliefs. you're recruited socially 
and you're put under mind control 
and hypnotism." 

The difference between the re-
cruiting tactics of a legitimate reli-
gious group and those of adesauctive 
cult can be so slight as to be undetect-
able, says Rampur. They have to be, 
he says, because if there is any flaw in 
their approach and the student recog-

m 
1be main thiog •• is 

the pressure ~ group 

puts on the person to 

. make a commitment 

immediately. 

PIusc.IuA COATES 
Cult Awareness Network 

m 
nizes it, the cult loses another poten-
tial victim to exploit. 

There are a few red flags that a 
student who suspects he is being 
couned by a cult can look out for. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Chief among them is whether or not 
the group is willing to be up-front 
about its beliefs and exactly what it 
will expect of you. 

"It's really tough to tell," allows 
Coates. "Most legitimate religious 
groups don't recruit That's number 
one. But the destructive group that 
recruits [has) such a bag of tricks. The 
main thing, though, is the pressure the 
group puts on the person to make a 
commitment inunediately.Legitimate 
groups feel that you have to make an 
informed choice and will give you 
tons. of time to do it" 

Other important signs that some-
body might not be on the \evel, adds 
Palmer, include whether that person 
is respecting the student's own be-
liefs, his or her relationship with his or 
her friends and family, and his or her 
commitment to schoolwork and other 
activities. 

H they're condemning you and 
putting you down for your own be-
liefs, she warns, that would be a good 
indication that something is not right 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

WRITE FOR 5)1-5226 £ Paid PositIons Available 

The Guardian is currently accepting applications for Editor in Chief for the 1993-94 academic year. Applications are due 

Friday, April 30 and should include a cover letter, resume and clips. No experience is necessary. Submit your application 

to the Guardian offices on the second floor of the old Student Center or mail it to: The UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Dr. 

0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Watch these pages in upcoming weeks for other positions opening up for next year. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CA LL 534·6580 

UNDERGRADUATE 
UCSD APPLICATIONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE! 

FELLOWSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
PRESIDENT'S 
Undergraduate Fellowship (PUF) 

This program is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to pursue studies and projects, 
under faculty supervision, during tenn time and/or 
vacations. Such projects may include research and/or 
creative activities. There are no subject restrictions. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
Memorial Fellowship 
This memorial has been established from funds 
donated to UCSD in memory of David Jay Gambee, a 
former Revelle College student. Areas of involvement 
include university governance, ecological values 
clarification, encouraging service in the community 
through volunteer activities, or assisting students to 
participate in programs related to the Institute on 
Global Conflict and Cooperatio~ 

DAVID MARC BELKIN 
Memorial Fellowsh.p 
This memorial has been established from funds 
donated in memory of David Marc Belkin, a former 
Muir College student. This fellowship, new for 1992/ 
93, is designed. to pursue ~pecial studies and projects in 
the general areas of environmental and ecological 
issues. This includes, but is not limited to, pollution, 
preservation of natural resources, population manage· 
ment issues, etc. 

Fellowship appllcatlOl18 may be picked up In Student Rnanclal Servlcel. The deadline to IUbmlt an application II 18 May 1993. 
Project proposals are reviewed by the Committee on Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors and a stipend, based upon need as determined by the cost of the project, 

Is awarded to the winners. For information, contact the Scholarship Office, Untv. Ctr. 214, at 534-3263. 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
~ 

c;. 
APPLICATIONS ARE STILL BEING 
ACCEPTED FOR. .. 

AFRICA • AUSlRALIA • CZECH REPUBLIC. 
ENGLAND • FRANCE • GERMANY. HUNGARY. 

ISRAEL • IT AL Y • POLAND • SPAIN 

• Courses Taught in English and Host Country 
Language 

• SU Credit 
• Field Trips/Traveling Seminars 
• Internships 
• Study For A Semester, A Year, Or A Summer 
• Home Or Apartment Placements 

FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE 

Syracuse University 
Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, NY 13244-4170 

1-800-235-3472 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~t University of &0 Diego SCHOOL OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION cordially in viles you 10 0/1 
OPEN HOUSE· Thursday, April 22, 1993 

Hahn University Center, Forums A and B • 6:00-7:30 p.m, 
Gllesl Speaker: MR. MICHl\EL ANDERSON 

Chairman, CilyoISon Diego Economic Development Task Force and USD Alumnus 

WE WANT TO MEET YOU AND PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT OUR: 
• Masur 0/ Busintss • Masur o/lnJtrnatiotUll • Admissions and 
Administrtltion· MBA Busintss - MIB Filllllltuu Aid 

RtquirtmtnlS 
THE SCHOOL Of BUSINESS OffERS: 

,AACSB Accredited Programs' Expert Faculty· Evening Courses 
• Small Classes' Financial Assistance· Flexible Part-Time Study 

QUESTIONS OR REQUESTS, CALL (800)248-4873 x4524 

Eam It' to 15 units thl • ...... mer 

afSDSU's 
Summer 
Sessions 

June 1· August 20, 1993 
• Nine sessions begin througho[Jt the summer. 
• More than 750 courses from 47 departments! 
• Uncro~ded campus - no parking congestion 

Register by man now, or In person 
beginning May 3, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 am • 4:30 pm 
__ --------~~ . Mondar·Fr~.r 

Call SDSU 
Summer Sessions, 

594·5152 
for Information or to . 
have a free catalog 

mailed to youl 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

UCSD Splits with La Verne 
8OF1BALL: Tritons win 
first game, 7-2, but dlqJ 
secood 2-1 on two haners 
By Grer&Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team continued 
its \ale season turnaround on Sanuday 
by splitting adoubleheadet at Redlands. 
TheTritonoffense.onvacalionformuch 
of the year, finally showed up to help 
UCSD win the first game, 1-2 

The TI'itom fell behind the Bulldogs 
early butfougbblck,scoringtheirseven 
runs led by the txus of Lisa Gill and 
Froily Rubin. Kristy McCaulcy was on 
the mound and was backed up by some 
steUar defense by third baseman Shan-
nonBartchandshatstq>KelliConnolly. 

The second game was also a success 
for UCSD, despite coming up short, 2-
1. Gill, normally a second baseman, was 
pressed into pitching and "pitched very 
well for us," Head Coach Patricia 
Gerckens said The only scoring the 
Bulldogs could manage was two solo 
home runs. Unfortunately for UCSD, 
that was all Redlands needed. 

Despite the setback, Gerckens was 
adamant in her satisfaction with the 
Tritons' effort. "I'm very happy with 
how we played. Gill did a phenomenal 
job and our defense was terrific," she 
said 

The doubleheader came on the heels 
of last week's twin-bill with La Verne. 
UCSD split the doubleheader with the 
Leopards as well. As with the Redlands 
games, the Tritons scored seven in the 
first game to take the 7-4 victory. In the 

Kristy Mccautey was a winner when the Tritons defeated La V .... 
nightcap, the two teams battled tooth has been looIcing for all year. "We're 
and nail, with La Verne fma\ly scraping playing very consistently now," the 
out a 3-2 win in the the 11th inning. coach said ''The defense has been ter-

With the end of the season rapidly rific and our offense is starting to come 
approaching, Gerckens is fma\ly seeing around now. The team is starting to 
the kind of play from her team that she believe in themselves now." 

Prime Tune for UCSD CREW 
ContInued from .... 14 

TRACK II FELD: Tritons 
qualify 4x400 relay team 
for Divisioo ill Natiooals 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

It's mid-April and that suits men's 
and women's Head Track and Field 
Coach Tony Salerno just fine. This is 
the time of the year when his hard-
working athletes are getting sharper, 
more race cognizant, more conscious 
of qualifying for nationals. It's time 
for the Triton competitors to shine. 

Last Friday a split squad traveled 
noJth to Pomona-Pitzer College for 
the Pomona-Pitzer Invitational. TIle 
meet, run in conjunction with the pres-
tigious Mt. Sac Relays, fielded a wide 
range of competition including top 
NAJA athletes all the way up through 
Division I powerhouses. 

Sophomore-sensation Renee 
Sprowl provided the highlight for the 
women, adding yet another mark to 
the UCSD record books, leaping a 
school record and national qualifying 
18'2.75" in the long jump. She also 
jumped a team-best 35'8" in the triple 

Jason Anderson 
jump. 

Claire Boykin fmished in 16.54 in 
the 100 hurdles and 33 'II" in the triple 
jump. Laura Peck raced to a 5:04.82 in 
the 1500 meters and Alexis Ruppanner 
sprinted to a 63.03 in the 400 meters. 

On the men's side, Pat Foy set the 
pace by qualifying for nationals indi-
vidually in the 800-meters (1 :52.51) 
and then anchoring the national-quali-
fying 411400 meter relay team along 
with Marie Yuen, Matt landrisevits 
and lason Anderson (3: 18.57). 

BARSAN, RICHARD E, DDS 

La Jolla 
UTe 

Pacific Beach 

Board Certified Oral and 
Maxillofacial Surgeon 

Implants 

Corrective Jaw Surgery 

Wisdom Teeth and General Anesthesia 

10% DISCOUNT for UCSD students 
470·Nautilus, Suite 212, La Jolla ........ 459-5565 

expertly controlled the nn: the rest of 
the way, crossing the finishing line a 
boat-length ahead of the shocked field. 

"We got off to a rocky SlJIIt. BII: the 
feeling of catching up and corning from 
behind and taking someone else apart 
was just awesome for these guys," said 
Shannon. 

UCSD's victory in 4:56 swprised 
both SDSU (4:59) and USD (5:01), 
who ellpected it to be a two-boal race. 
The underestimated Tritons fmishedbe-
hind both schools on Apil3-4 in the San 
Diego Crew Classic. 

"We have made lots of changes-
mixing up rowers, changing the rigging 
of the boat. We left no stone untumed," 
said Shannon. 

In the novice event, the men's A 
team (5:09) finished second to USD 
(5:01) while the B team fmished fourth 
(5:20). The A team's boat was forced 
close to the beach and the oars "struck 
sand" acoup\eoftimes due to SDSU's 
"drunk driver" swerving technique. 

'1bis was something we could have 
appealed," admitted Shannon. "But we 
chose to answer them nellt week [at the 
Ca1ifornia State Championships) and 
take them out then." 

The rivalry for bay bragging rights 
was just as intense on the ladies' side, 
with the Triton oarswomen outstroking 
SDSU (5 :41) tocapturetheirsixth Wyatt. 
Cup in its ten-year history in 5:43. 

"We had a good start, but it was a 
three-way nn: over the tirstSOOmeters," 
noted women's Head Coach Jack 
V a\lerga. "By the 750 rnarlc, we had a 
half a boat-length on USD, but only a 
two-seats lead on SDSU. At that point, 
we had no doubt we could grind them 
down. 

"It's tougher to be number one and 
stay there. Both teams wa-e gunning for 
us this wedcend. [You] tend to race not 
to lose instead of racing to win. It was 
obvious [by that race) that we were 
racing to win." 

". 



. ' 

\ 

10 CLASSD'IEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
HANDS ON SAN DIEGO· One 
day, one convnunlly. Come voIun· 
teer your time in an issue of your 
choice from the home .... to the 
enYironment. For more Information 
stop by the Volunteer Connection, 
2nd IIoor Price Center, or call 534-
1414. (4/8-4U22) 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call587-7911. (1/4-6/ 
3) 
EARTH DAY SPRING CLEAN • 
Sat. Apr. 24th. 9 a.m.-12 noon. 
Help clean up San Diego and raise 
$ for local environmental organi· 
zationsllnfo: Usa 546-1223, Erin 
483-3868, Pete 692-0905. (4/19-
4/22) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .............. 450-3323 

Fainnai~s ...................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 

UClD EATS a DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ..... ............... .455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt .. 452-0524 
Yakimono .................... .452-4255 

UCIDlUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Aul0 .............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ...... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCID HAIR a BEAUTY 
Dearinge~s ................... 454-1000 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer ........... 560-0325 
Primo Hair (Terra) ........ 455-0046 
UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Being Rt ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535-1379 
Tan 4 Less ................... .455-Q909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C. 558-3600 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 

UCID OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ............... .452-7374 
Vision Care .: ................. 578-6796 

UCID MUSIC. VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCIDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
Traveller's Depot .......... 483-1421 

UCIDTESnNG 
Hyperlearning .............. .455-1000 
MCAT Review .... .. .. ...... 456-4848 
Princeton Revi_ ......... 695-9952 

UCIDNIGHTI 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-SREW 
P. B. Brewhouse ........... 274-ALES 
Character's (LJ Marriott) 
..................................... 587-1414 

Volleybar & Grill .. ..... .... . 270-7860 

UCIDETC. 
SI. Germain's ................ 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

~ASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Gwudian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3pm. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reSe7Ves the rightto refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 

call534-5416.Maili~gaddress:UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds,95()()G;lmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topjlOQr. 

I am looklng for poetry lovers to 
form a Dead Poets Society. Please 
call 587-1249. (4/19-4122) 
Come see local band Susspira live 
at Revelle Plaza April 21 st from 12-
1 p.m. (4/19) 
INJURED? Classes missed? Make-
up exams? Compensation for your 
interrupted class schedule, Injuries, 
lost wages, medical costs. Call the 
law offices of Spencer Busby and 
Associates at 283-8000. (4119-5/ 
13) 
DISABLED WOMEN needed for 
student film. Must be able to speak 
frankly about experiences as a 
woman with a disability. Also look· 
ing for POETRY about/by/for 
women with disabilities. Call ASAP 
427-9781 , Joules. (4/19-4/22) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EARN $1 ,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circularsl... Begin NOWI FREE 
packet I SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 4000, 
Cordova, TN 38018-4000. (2111 -4/ 
29) 
RAISE A COOL$1,OOO.OO IN JUST 
ONE WEEKI For your frat, sorority. 
club. + 1,000 FOR YOURSELFI 
And a FREE IGLOO COOLER if 
you qualify. Call 1-800-932-0528, 
Ext. 65. (2122-4/19) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -
Eam $2, OOO+/month + world travel. 
Holiday, summer and career 
employment available. No 
experience necessary. For 
employment program call 1-206-
634-0468 ext. C5976. (4112-4/29) 
Earn cash stuffing envelopes at 
home. Send SASE to P.O. Box 
9643 Springfield, MO 65801. (4/8-
4/19). 

Babysitting. Occasional evenings! 
weekends. Two school·age 
children . Experience and 
references, please. P. Chien 456-
6281. (4/S-4I19) 
Children's day camps In Agoura 
seek special, caring, fun people. 
General counselors & specially 
instructors for horseback riding, 
crafts, swimming, nature, drama, 
boating/fishing, music, gymnastics 
& morel Great summer jobs I (818) 
889-8383. (418-5110) 
SUMMER EMPLOYMENTI WE'U. 
PAY YOU AND TRAIN YOU. My 
Progressive marketing company is 
growing and can put you to work. 
We off~r: stability, training, good 
money and morel I will be holding a 
seminar on Wed., April 21 at 12:00 
noon to provide more information. 
Seats are limited, so call Lisa @ 
586-0101 to reserve your spotl (4/ 
15-4119) 
Hiring Today I Established local 
~ needs 5 enthusiastic sports 
minded indviduals forpaTt-time or full-
time positions starting at $12 per hour. 
Call 793-4473. (4115-5.'6) 
Need several barmaidlfood servers 
(foxy wenches) Friday eve (5/28) 
party, $50. Call 481 -1673. Del Mar. 
(4115-4126) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAiLABlE I Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-800-
4364365 ext. P-3387. (4115-5110) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT. EARN $2500-
$3500 AND MAKE A DIFFERENCE. 
National campaign positions to renew 
the Clean Water Act, promote 
comprehensive recycling, and stop 
offshore oil drilling. Available in 22 
states and D.C. Campus intrvws: 4127 
and 4128. Call Jamie toll free: 1~ 
75-EARTH. (4/19-4/26) 

\lUI·SUM CAF, ~ ~tJ ,~, 
~ $395DINNER 

You buy a dinner combo 
plate and we'll buy you an 
additional choice for 

F R E E 
Servtd on lit< same pia,.. 
Please show )'our 
UCSDID. 
&pi,... 4130193. 

DAILY LUNCH COMBINATION PLATE $2.95 
Down the hill from UTe. . . 
near Rubio's in the 

RENAISSANCE CENTER 
8935 Towne Centre Drive 

Tute the Best! 

535-1688 
Your FrleDda 

Wendy's UCSD Price Center now 
hiring. LOOking for persons that can 
work 11a.m-3 p.m. or 4 p.m.-close 
or weekends. Call 450-9425, ask 
for Steve or Eric. (4/19-4/22) 
SWIMMING INSTRUCTORS. Earn 
$12-$14 plhr. Dolfun Swimming 
Lessons. Flex hours, all areas, call 
Greg, (619) 491-4837. (4119-5117) 
Part·time child care In our home In 
University City. 2 boys, 9 and 10 
yrs. old. Aexlble hours. Older child 
has CP and requires lifting for 
tolleting. Great opportunity to work 
for a special family. Call 458-9423. 
(4119) 
ANANCIAL PLANNER'S ASST •• 
Client screening, no seiling, $6-$9/ 
hour. Flexible Shifts Sun· Thurs. 
evenings 6-9 p.m. Phone 
experience helpfull Contact Susan 
or Sharlene at 484-5717. Western 
Ananclal Planning, Solana Beach. 
(4/19-4/29) 
Camp Counselor: Roughing It 
Day Camp, Orinda, Group 
Counselor, horseback riding , 
waterfront, exper/refs. (510) 283-
3795. (4119-4/22) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT 
• Make $2,OOO+/month teaching 
basic conversational English 
abroad. Japan & Taiwan. No 
previous training required. For 
employment program call: (206) 
632-1146 ext. J5976. (4/19-516) 

SERVICES 
Do you need an on-campus Notary 
Public? If so, call 587-7911. (1 /4-613) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germain's. 452-
9949. (1/19-6/3) 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

CLARITY SERVICES Editing: 
proofreading, comments. Tutoring: 
writing, English, math. Test prepa. 
ration. Experienced, reasonable. 
294-4860/584-4708. (3129-4/29) 
VIoIInMoIa L .. lowlS. You or )'OU' 
ct1Id(ren)canlesmfromMexpeliel108d, 
prof slew 11111aaCher. No¥;acoep1i IQsIu-
danIs - aI ages and IeYeIs weIcomel 
Cal Conra::i, 48&G525. (3"29-&3) 

Need typingIword processing done? 
Will do any size job, any type of job. 
I will also do editing if needed or 
wanted. Call Carol 481 -6364 eve-
nings. (4/1 -6/3) 
PHYSICSIMATHTUTOR. Masters 
in physics with T A experience. $15/ 
hr. 627-0747. (4/5-5/6) 
SLOV AKIAIPOLAND summer trips 
led by local students. Hike scenic 
mountAin trailS, visit a Gypsy village, 
explore castles and medieval towns, 
meet Slovaks and Poles. Fordetails, 
call 800-666-JOIN. (4/5-4119) 
Need money for colleg,e? Recorded 
message gives details. 221-2922. 
(4112-4/29) 
lash tint, facials, waxing, acne 
treatment. Highest quality products. 
Parvaneh's Skincare. 552-1174. 
10% off with ad. (4/12-5/13) 

TRANSlATIONS into Spanish and 
English. Natiwspeakerswithgaduate 
degrees. Academic orTechnicaJ. Call 
574-0696. (4115-411.9) 
RESUMES. Satisfaction Guaranteed. 
$29 package includes extensive 
consultation, aJstom resume, mailing, 
and faxing. Cover letters and 
typesetting available. Call The 
Outstanding Resume for a 
CClIJl)Iementar brochure or FREE 
CONSULTATION. 587-8148. (4/19) 
TERM PAPERS! THESIS! 
RESUMES I Don't waste money & 
time at do·lt·yourself centers. 
RELAX + let us do your work· 
processing, half the cost, half the 
timel Free pickup + delivery. (619) 
292-8444 (24 hrs.) (4/19-6/3) 
Cracked windshield? Re~ir now 
before it spreads. Avoid costly 
replacement by calling 
GLAS$AVERS today I Low student 
rate at $30. Free mobile service will 
repair at school, home, or 
workplace. 436-4842. (4/19-5/6) 
VISION TUTORING SERVICES. 
Specializes in Biology · Chemistry -
Econ • Spanish. Low personalized or 
group rates. 793-9174. (4/19-513) 

Monday, April 19, 1993 

WANTED 
Humanists, rationalists, atheists, 
agnostics, and freethinkers: Tired 
of being told that ethics requires 
supematural forces? Want to talk to 
others pursuing "the good life" 
without divine aid? Call Dave at 
272-7719 concerning the formation 
of a campus discussion group. (4/ 
8-4/22) 
INTER-RACIAL COUPLES 
needed for student video project. 
ASAP. More info: RICARDO 28h 
5903. (4/15-4/t9) 
VOLUNTEERllmprove the quality 
of life for children at risk of abuse 
and neglect. Caring Individual 
needed for Home Start's Family 
Aide Program now. Contact Karen 
Hirschfeld at 692-0727. (4/15-4/22) 
SeekinQ tutor for Cog Sci 14 Logic 
+ Stats 2-3 nights a week, pay 
negotiable. ContactJulie458-1215 
ASAP. (4/19-41122) 
Need Cash? Be a subject in a 
behavioral and/or an 
electrophysiological experiment. 
About$10 for 1 hour. Call Christine 
453-4100 - ext. 561. (4119-4/22) 
LOOK HEREI UCSD Medical 
Center needs healthy 
volunteers between the ages of 
19 and 65 for a 2 hour study 
about eye blinking. A $10 
compensation plus parking will 
be provided. Call Deb at 543-
2314 for more information . (4/ 
19) 
DISABLED WOMEN needed for 
student film. Must be able to speak 
frankly about experiences as a 
woman with a disability. Also looking 
for POETRY abouVbylfor women 
with disabilities. Call ASAP 427-
9781 , Joules. (4119-4122) 

FOR SALE 
14K diamond ring. 3.3 carats with 
parve. Appraised $11,200.00. Sac· 
rifice $6,000.00. Call 454-2089. (3/ 
8-511 ) 
'89 Yamaha Riva 200, freeway Ie· 
gal, excellent condo T~unk, helmet, 
parking permit, $1,500.00. 566-
3446. (415-4/19) 
Pioneer spelker. $25, bras. 
headboard (full) $50, d .. kIIlmp 
$9, round picnic table $15. 535-
1826. (4/8-4119) 
Panasonic stereo. Only 10 mos. 
old. Excellent condo Tumtable and 
dual cassette. CD compatible. $200 
o.b.o. Call Jennifer at 458-1640. (4/ 
12-4119) 
LAPTOP, TOSHIBA 12OOHD40MB 
Doubled, 1 MB RAM, ultra· reliable, 
great software, $500. Leading Edge 
Model·D, perfect, $125. Airline 
TIcket SO to NYC 1-way fly anytime 
until Aug. 6, $200. Negotiable. 272-
5886. (4/12-4119) 
Used Oscar Schmidt Acoustic 
guitar, $180 negotiable. 3 free 
lessons for beginner. Call Chuck 
622-9561. (4112-4122) 
MOVING. End tables $15, cocktail 
table $10, Krups espresso/coffee 
$40, 4-drawer desk $30, 26-drawer 
dressers $20, pine shelves $10, 
large formica table $10, redwood 
picnic table $35. 459-1943. (4/15-
4/19) 
EVEREX 286 AT. 2.5MB, 45MB 
HD, modem, mouse, Epson printer, 
Microsoft Word, C Complier, 
assembler. Lotus, dbase, UNIX 
utilities, Windows, Ventura 
Publisher, more. 25 books and 
manuals. $600 o.b.o. 459-1943. (4/ 
15-4119) 

NOTEBOOK, Zaos 386SX-16; 1 
MG RAM, 20MG drive, VGAscreen, 
2 hour battery, $850 574-0696. (4/ 
15-4119) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 
4wheelers, motorhomes, by FBI, 
IRS,DEA.Availableyourareanow. 
Call 1-800-436-4363 ext. C-7556. 
(4115-5110) . 
Cannondale Racing Bike. 54cm 
Criterium Frame. Suntour Accushift. 
Great Deal $250. Rob 942-5107. 
(4/15-4/19) 
'87 Honda Elite 80 scooter. 5000 
miles. Runs great. $575/0.b.o. 
Helmet included. 755-1358, Dan. 
(4/19-4/22) 
Color Monitor, 14" for Macintosh 
computer suit LC, IISi etc. Relisys 
VividView, HiRes, multiscan. Two 
weeks old, unused, still in box, 
receipts, warranty. Price can't be 
beat, $375.00, 483-2694. (4/19) 
Mattress. Twin size, perfect 
condition. No box spring or frame. 
Only $40 o.b.o. Call 457-1990. (41 
19-4/26) 
Honda Elite 80, white, 1986. New 
tires, registered. $650 o.b.o. Call 
481 -4355. (4/19-513) 
TI-81 Texas Instruments Graphing 
Calculator (still in box). $60 o.b.o. 
587-8136. (4/19-4/22) 
MAUVE file cabinet, white desktop, 
white executive chair $75 o.b.o. 
Call 566-5876 or 558-7067. (4/19) 
Full size FUTON and FRAME $90 
o.b.o. Call 566-5876 or 558-7067. 
(4119) 
Fumiture - 6 matching pieces, dark 
blue love seat, beige love seat, 
table and side table, 2 fuchsia chairs, 
and beige wooden wall unit. $250, 
558-0894. (4/19) 
LOW PRICE 3 112 disks for sale. 
Ds/DO and DS/HD. Reliable and 
guaranteed. Call Patrick 558-6536. 
(4119-4/29) 
Full size black futon with custom 
design cover and adjustable frame. 
Set : $135.00. Smith Corona 
portable electric typewriter with auto 
correction and changeable print 
wheels. Uke new $75.00. Call 483-
6714. (4/19-4/22) 
'S6 Audi GT Coupe. White, all the 
goodies, must see, good tires. 
$3950. Call 759-0900. (4119) 
SURFBOARD and WETSUITS 
5'11" tri·fin surfboard; ONeill SIM 
full and spring suit each $80 or both 
for $145; Bodyglove 213MM SIM 
full suit $50. Robert 587-8672. (4/ 
19-513) 
NEED TO SELL: 36'x48' drafting 
table $75; love seat $40; armchair 
$30; AsoIo full grain leather men's 
hiking boots $65 size 7; 
Photography 60 equipment; o.b.o. 
Call Robert 587-8672. (4119-513) 

HOUSING 
Fumished condo. - Regents Rd .. 2 
txt., 1 ba., balcony. $825.00. 619-
491-1196 or 714-779-0540. (314-515) 
3 bedroom townhouse near UCSD 
availabIeJulyorSeptember.$1140/ 
month. Nina 792-6453. (418-4/29) 
FOR RENT: University City PIaymor; 
$1250.00 3BR, 2.5BA; 1550 sq.1t. 
condo; all appliances; CLEAN & 
QUIET. July 1 ; 454-0462. (418-513) 
3 lovely rooms for rent in a beautiful, 
quiet neighborhood. Your own room 
with own/shared bathroom. $2751 
$300. 10-15 mins to UCSD. Call 
271-4316 and please leave 
message. (4/12-4/22) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room In Hillcrest 3bd12ba house. 
$3501mo.+1/3utilities.15mlnwalk 
to UCSD shuttle. 291-2955. (4112, 
4/26) 
4 bedroom, 2 bath house, Mira 
Mesa, 10 minutes from UCSD, 
own room, fun + friendly people, 
clean and quiet. $210 month + 
1/5 utilities. 566, 0660. No 
children. Available Apr/May. (4/ 
12-4/22) 
Single, unfurnished room for 
rent In University City. Washer, 
dryer, microwave, cable TV, 10 
minutes from UCSD. $300/ 
month +1/3 utilities. Available 
now through 6/19.558-2076. (41 
12-4/26) 
DEL MAR CONDO near beach. 
Male/Female roommate 
wanted . Own room, bathroom . 
$360/mo. DAVID 259-8097. (4/ 
12-4/19) 
Female for own room in 3bd, 2 1/ 
2ba townhouse in UC Playmor. 
$3651mo. 1/3 utils. $300 dep. 546-
0695. (4/15-4126) 
SUMMER SUBLET: Female 
wanted for furnished room. Mid· 
June thru August. $330/mo. + 
utilities. Jennie, 458-0032. (4/19-41 
22) 

Female roommatewanted·own room, 
shared bath. ~ furnished, 
washerldryer, garage, pool. Close to 
school and bus. $4251mo. +1/3 utII. 
552-9247. (4119-4122) 
FOR RENT: Ocean Beach. 1 BR 
apartment, 1 blk to beach, patio. 
Available May, $475.00.223-1611 . 
Karen. (4119-4/22) 
UTC/UCSD 2 bedroom, 1 bath 
condo. Convenient location . 
Nonsmoker, male preferred. $350/ 
mo. + deposit. 458-5910. (4/19) 
Mira Mesa House: Two rooms for 
rent. Pool, jacuzzi, laundry access. 
Comfortable, friendly environment. 
Master$400,other$3OOlmonthplus 
utilities. Call Juliet 458-9610 day/ 
549-7923 eveningjChander (805) 
522-1435 anytime. (4/19-4/22) 
House for renlU.C. 580, 4BA. 3 singles 
2c:bb1es w..beths. All ~ Pool 
+ spa. 3OOOsq.ft AvM. mid-end..lnefor 
1 yr. lease. Gal t.tke @ 558-7535. 
Please leave message. (4I1~51.3) 

Part-tine sitlerf<xlrTla1lon fer boy, 12. 
Priva.ie room. board. kik::hen & Ial.OOry 
priviIegs, $50 weekJy salary. Up t> 20 
hrslWk. Weekends & evenings; no 
dayIine hoo'S. Begin Sl.f1'YT'eI' or tal. 

~femaJenonsmoker.Car 
required. Del Mar. 481~115. (4119-513) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

Female RoommaIe wanted. Own 
room, share bath. Solanl Beach! 
Del Mar condo- beachfront. WID, 
2 pools, 2 jecuzzi, tennis cts., gated. 
481-9249, evenings. Ask for Scott. 
Available May 11 (4/29) 

LOST AND FOUND 
I found a watch on North Campus 
parKing lot. Call Michele G. 755-
6301. (4/15-5113) 
Owner left behind 4/14 man's 
prescription glasses at the Guardian 
office. 534-3466. (4119-4/26) 

PERSONALS 
Too-busy·to talk Caffe Luna waiter 
looking to thank UCSD Bio Major 
with Jersey connections for great 
tip. Dinner's on me this time. Have 
no reservations? Perfect. Call 
Thomas, 213-463-6869. (4115-4/19) 
Meet Jennifer M. Nakaya, LA Tmes 

~ aa:Iained graphic desigler 
and 1993Go1dCrcwn YeartlodtDesign 
>MmerI cal OO(}YOU-FOOL (4/19) 
To all of those young lovers who 
can't keep their paws off of each 
other in lecture or the living room, I 
don't care if it is springtime, get a 
rooml You disgust me. (4119) 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MeAT. Is 
there such a th ing as overkill in 
a si ruation like this? 

H ype rlearning offers 
the most intens ive 
MeAT prepara· 
tion course avail· 
able . W e wo rk 
hard to make sure 
you get the m os t for 
)UUT dollar. The most hours, 
the most motivating environ-
ment, the most current mate ri al, and 
the most qualified instructors available . 

skills. In addition to these tests, we work th rough MCAT 
passages every time the class meets. Nothing you encounter 

on the MeAT should be a surprise. 

Rigorous writing sample work 
You'll write fourteen half· hour essays. While this 

program typically improves scores dramatical· 
Iy, some students need more help. W e've 

de.igned one-on-one writing sessions (five 
weeks each) for srudents who still have 

concerns about this important subscore. 

Help with tbe appIicanon process 
W e won't abando n you after the 
MCAT. W e have interview and 

'Ill' loogesllllOst cotplde. ad BIOst inteDsiYe MCAT coone aYailabie 

application resources as well as cat-
alogs and profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopathic medical schools. W e 
have the AMCAS application 
template on our M acintoshes· 

so you can work on )UUT appli· 
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 wed,s, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week· 
nights). M ore than ISO total hours. No wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Convt:nient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

Ie des~1 and re-des~1 our MCAT eme for ,011 • W e help you re·leam, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually- oriented science and verbal material 
youll need to get a winning Me AT sco re. 

All of our materials are subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. W e continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills 

demanded by the new format Me AT. We now offer 1600 
pages ~f focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice questions and MeAT· style passages. 

SpKwi1N imtrudll'S ... m elperts in their field 
• You are taught tyy four (not one or two) spe· 

cialized instructors. 
• All instructo rs have earned at least a 

M aster's degree and many have won teach· 
ing awards outside our course. 

MeAT dwgoostics t. follS JIUf fforts, rigbt from the stan 
You'll take two computerized diagnostic tests in addi· 
tion to the two full · length MeATs we administer. Taking 
the first diagnostic test early in the course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak ~ in both science knowledge and test· taking 

Any questiolS? 
Just give us a call at 

800-843-4973. 
W e'll make sure you 
get what you've 

(already) paid for. 



''';' 

( . 

.. 

12 SPORTS 

,--------------------, Unplanned Pregnancy? 
Decisions to .. ake? 

Don't face this crisis alone--
We Provide 
• Free Testing • Medical Referrals 
• Shelter Homes • Practical Help 
No Need to Feel Alone ••• We Can Help You 

m s. RMcho SMa F. Ad. 15().A N. EI CWr*1o ANI 
WiegM:I Plaza 

Encinltaa. CA 92024 
SuIII S Sen u.rco.. CA __ 

744-1313 942-5220 

N A I .L S PEe I A L S 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 

$24.95 
FIlii $12 Reg. $15· N8w Clients only 

Fiberglas NIlI. with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 
..... ana • PedIcu,.. $15.95 

W.xlng StAIning at $3 
MMicurea $8 • Facial. $25 Reg. $35 

IIIN AND WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
Not YIIICI willi." "'" CIIIIrI. ~ 512193 

AllIs ......... 
..... rIeI 
• "n 
London 

$1"· 
$1"· 
$1"· 
$1"· 

·AJI IMS.., taCII ~ bosed on. ~p 
chose. T .... not included. Some rdrictions 
SIudfrt scatus Il1f)' be l!QUitm. 

......... &6wfI,.,.. 

Council Travel 
ucso Price Center (by the Post OffICe) 
451·0630 

ROBERT~S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27."-11 J2 
Mon. ·Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

•• 

We use and reconwnend Kendall 
lubritants to ou, customers. 

-------------------

:1 00/0 OFF 
all repairs * with this coupon 

'Except motor and tranomiuion oyerhaul. 
Not valid with any other ooupon. 

The UCSD Guardiaa Mooday, April 19, 1993 

Dan McDowell! GuM1/an 
Mark Hartmann upped his record to 4-1 with .12-8 win over Southern c.IIfomIa CoIIeee on ThInday. 

UCSD Slows Vl ___ --
BASfBAII • Tritons dismantle Sotltrem California College 12-8 to jwnp over .500 
By Jeff PrauaIrt 
Staff Writer 

When the UCSD baseball team 
faced off with Southern California 
College on Thursday, it brought back 
some memories. 

It was' SCC which fell 10 UCSD 
way back in February during an extra-
inning game, giving the Tritons their 
fust victory of the season and their 
only win in nine games. 

Things have clwlged for the bet-
ter since then, and UCSD's 12-8 vic-
tory over sec looked routine, sport-
ing a balanced offensive attack pro-
viding the punch 10 outscore the Van-
guards. 

The Tritons, taking advantage of a 
poor performance by Vanguard 
pilcher Ken Ervin (2-2), racked up 
four runs in the founh inning. 

Eric Quandt led off by getting 
nailed with a pitch, and look second 
on a wild pitch. Chris Miyake then 
beat out an infield hit, to extend his 
hitting streak to six games. Over that 
streIch, Miyake has hit .407 with one 
home run and six RBI. An even hotter 
Dan 0 'Brien stepped up and ripped a 
three-run homer, his third of the sea-
son. O'Brien had nine hits in his last 

14 at-bats, with seven RBI, and has 
been a solid addition to the lineup 
defensively as well. A Craig Bick 
sacrifice fly made the score 4-0 be-
fore the Vanguards could even bat. 

As UCSD starter Marie Hartmann 
was shutting SCC down, the Tritons 
continued to add to their lead, scoring 
single runs in the second and third, 
before a three-run rally in the fourth. 
O'Brien drove in one of the runs on a 
base hit, which brought Miyake home 
for the score. UCSD led 9-D halfway 
through the game. 

But in the bottom of the fifth, 
Hartmann ran into trouble. The Tri-
Ion pitcher allowed a leadoff walk, a 
couple of perfect bunl singles, a hit 
batter and a double by Albert 
ConlreraS, which added up to three 
Vanguard runs. Contteras has been a 
tough out for the Tritons this season, 
going 5-5 in this game, and collecting 
five more hits earlier this year. 

'There is never a game at that field 
that is ever safely put away," said 
skipper Lyle Yates, noting the corn-
fortablehitting atmosphere both teams 
enjoyed. 

After UCSD added another run in 
the seventh, sec continued to prove 

Cyclists Pedal ~o 
Victory in Westwood 
CYCLINCt UCSD leaves com~tion in dust at UCLA 
ByO .... Wrem 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD cycling team was on 
the road at the UCLA race weekend 
Saturday and Sunday. Friday saw two 
competitions, the Templin Highway 
time-trial and the road race. 

The time-trial featured Triton Jeff 
Winkler taking third with a time of 
19:16 in the men's A race. Joseph 
Nelesen was second in the C race at 
20:10. 

The Tritons had two finishers in 
the top four in the men's D category, 
third-place Adam Livingslon and 
foul1h-place Dan Larson, who crossed 
the line in 21 :20 and 21 :22 respec-
tively. 

Karina Francis was seventh in the 
women 's A race with 23:22 while 
Kate Elsey was third in the B cat-
egory, recording a 24: II mark. 

The next event was the Templin 
Highway road race, a l4-mile COW"Se 
featuring a grueling six-mile, 1.250 
foot climb. It didn '( matter much to 
Winkler, who finished fifth in the 

ftve-Iap men's A category. Winkler 
was in good position to win the race, 
capturing three of the four mid-race 
point sprints, but he missed a four-
man breakaway at the end of the race. 

Triton Tim Knudsen was victori· 
ous in the three-lap men's C race with 
teammate Leland Ferguson finishing 
third. The men's D race had Livingston 
fmishing second with Eric Stauber in 
fourth place. 

Thewomen'sB race had UCSD's 
ChristinaSivaloninsecondwithteam-
mate Elsey right behind in fourth. 

Sunday's V.A. hospital Criterium, 
a six-turn, one-kilometer loop in 
Westwood, was just as cOmfortable 
fortheTritons. UCSD's Henry Chang 
captured third in the men's B race 
while Mark Arrington was ftfth. 

The Tritons were dominant in the 
men's C run, capIUring second place 
with Corey Patterson, third place with 
Sang Park and fourth with Knudsen. 

LivingstonpickedupUCSD'ssec-
ond victory of the day, winning the 
men's D competition. 

that no lead would convince them to 
roll over and die. 

Kurt LulJrgn was called in to re-
lieve Hartmann (4-1) with one out in 
the seventh, helping to shut down 
another rally which produced Iwo 
more runs. UCSD scored single runs 
in the eighth and ninth, while the 
Vanguards scored one in the eighth. 

They picked up two more in the 
ninth off Luhrsen on a two-run homer 
by Ryan Seidel. After all was said and 
done, UCSD held on for a 12-8 vic-
tory. and for the ftrst time this season. 
the Tritons vaulted over .500, im-
proving to 12-11-1. 

The Tritons' midseason success 
has not gone unnoticed around the 
country. UCSDwasranked 16th as of 
last Monday, and with two wins and 
40 runs pounded out this past week, 
the team ftgures to improve its Divi-
sion ill ranking. 

On the playoff front, UCSD is 
competing with Redlands (6-2 vs . 
UCSD) and La Veme for the second 
berth in the Regionals, with the win-
ning team. likely to face highly-re-
garded Cal Lutheran. 

UCSD hosts La Verne today at 
2:30 p.m. at the baseball diamond. 

MAC: Nothing 
like a good tantrum 
ContInued from paee 14 
couple of years ago I went ballistic 
and launched a' "Mac attack" after a 
call, driving my racket into the ce-
ment. One problem: I only had one 
racket. Since that match ended early, 
I had the whole afternoon to fume. 
Not .only did I lose badly, bUll was 
out about $150 since my graphite 
frame was splintered into a million 
pieces. 

Even though he's 34, graying, bald-
ing and well past his prime, John 
McEnroe is still my favorite player. 
However, Ilhink I'll start emulating 
Edberg. He's about as animated as a 
glacier and as charismatic as dirt. 
He' ll save me hund~ of dollars in 
equipment, not 10 mention high blood 
pressure medicine. The last thing I 
need after a three-set drubbing is an 
aneurism. 

You need to write for the 
GUllrd,." sports section. 
Don't question us, we know 
whet I. good for you. So call 
53+6582 or atop by the 
second floor of the Old 
Student Center. Do H now. 

Monday, April 19, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm in the 
Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Roor. Come and 
get involved!! 

A.S. INFO NIGHT 
Is A.S. for you? Interested in being 
a Director or a Campus-Wide 
Committee Representative? Come ' 
find out about ways to get involved. 
Thursday, April 22 at 7:30 pm in 
the Student Leadership Chambers, 
Price Center, Third Roor. Call 534-
4450 for more information. 

NEWSPAPER EDITOR WANTED 
Apply to be Editor-in-Chief of the 
A.S. newspaper. Position is paid. 
Other editors, writers, designers, 
photographers, and other staff 
wanted also. For more information, 
call 534-4450, or pick up an 
application with the A.S. Reception-
ist, Third Floor, Price Center. 

AIDS AWARENESS FAIR 
Come by Price Center Plaza on 
Tuesday, April 27 from 11:30 am -
1:30 pm for information about 
AIDS and its prevention. Also, 
beginning Wednesday, April 21 in 
the Price Center, you can send 
your friend a condom gram. 

CSA GENERAL MEETING 
Find out about elections for next 
year's officers and all of the 
exciting May events on Wednesday, 
April 21 at 7 pm in Price Center 
Gallery A. 

EARTH DAY FEsnVAL 
Come enjoy multicultural entertain-
ment, speakers, dancing, music, 
vendors, and environmental 
organizations on Friday, April 23 
from 9 am - 9 pm at the Gym 
Steps / the Hump. 

EARTH DAY SPRING CLEAN 
Feel the Earth Day spirit, clea~ng 
up the environment and raising 
money for environmental organiza-
tions. Saturday, April 24 from 9 am 
- noon, at Blacks Beach, Point 
Loma, Chula Vista, and Serra 
Mesa. Call 692-0905 for more 
information. 

KASA/KAPA PICNIC 
Come play softball with Korean 
American professionals and 
students on Sunday, April 25 at 1 
pm at Doyle Community Parle All 
students welcome, call 587-2707 
for more information. 

ASAP MEETING 
Get involved with Active 
Students for AIDS Preven· 
tion, come to our meetings 
Wednesday meetings at 7 
pm in the Santa Barbara 
Room, Price Center, Second 
Floor. Help prevent the 
spread of AIDS through 
volunteerism and political 
activism. Everybody is 
welcome, come on byl 

ALL-SOUTHERN CAL 
SEMI FORMAL 
Join people from CSAs all 
over southern California on 
Friday, April 23 from 8 pm -
1 am at the Hyatt Regency 
Allcante, Anaheim. Tickets 
are $10 in advance, $12 for 
CSA members at the door, 
and $15 for non-members at 
the door. Call 4534977 or 

~OOOO~~~ K 

25th G 
. 453-2~20 for tickets or 

infonnation, or leave a note 
in the CSA office, behind 
Mac's Place in the Price 
Center. Don't miss this 
eventl 

CAFt DIANA AT THE CHE 
Come enjoy this late night, 
student-run coffee house 
Every Monday through 
Thursday from 9 pm - 2 am. 
For art, poetry, music, food, 
or study, check us out. The 
eM is your home too, so 
give us ideas and we'll see 
what we can do together. 

CHE CAFt MEETING 
Find out how to volunteer or 
work at the CM every 
Monday at 6 pm. If you can't 
make the meeting, just come 
in when you can. Call 534-
2311 for more information. 

~:~~ ~m I 
Tickets: 
$6 

students 

$0 
General 

S 
S 
I 
L 
E 

THE LoRAX MOVIE SCREENING 
Enjoy tha! great Dr. Seuss classic, 
and other informative videos with 
other students who care about the 
earth on Tuesday, April 20 at 7 pm 
in Solis 107. 

PsYCHOLOGY CWB MEETING 
Come meet with Professor Bates 
on Monday, April 19 at 4 pm in the 
San Francisco / Santa Cruz Room, 
Price Center, Second Roor. Find 
out what she's all about. Everyone 
welcome. 

SANGAM CULTURAL SHOW 
Interested in performing traditional 
and non-traditional Indian dances, 
songs, or skits? Then participate in 
the Cultural Show, Saturday, April 
24 at 8 pm in the Price Center 
Theater. Call 457-4621 for more 
information. 

To BE OR NOT TO BE CATHOUC 
Come to an open forum on Tues.-
day, April 20 at 7:30 pm in the San 
Francisco / Santa Cruz Room, Price 
Center, Second Roor. All are 
welcome. 

13 

. 

a.s. programmIng presents 

at the pub 

saturday, april 24 
10 pm - 4 am 

18 and over 
call 534-4450 for more information 

Few Good Men 
Thursdar 

Fri~a 
6:30 pIn 
9:00 " 
11:30 " 

only one show 
8:00 pm 

sponsored by AS Programming 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Hey!! Job Opportunities! Are you interested in 

volunteer work? If so, we have a great opportu-
nity for you right here on campus! The Volunteer 
Connection is beginning the application process 
for next year. Applications are available this 
week. Available positions include: Director, As-
sistant Director, Placement Dir., ASK Dir., ASK 
Asst. Dir., Dir. of Special Projects, Office Man-
ger, Habitat Dir., and Student Contacts. 

Hands On Sand Diego is coming! Saturday 
April 24, one day, one community. Come volun-
teer your time in an issue of your choice from the 
homeless, AIDS, to the environment. For more 
information, ask for Molly or Sashi. 

Are you or your organization interested in 
making an elderly person's day a little brighter? If 
so, ask for Molly. 

The Volunteer Connection is located on the 
second floor of Price Center across from the 
elevator. Come by, or call us at 534-1414. 

A.S. Newsllashes Is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise In the A.S. Newsllashes by filling out the 
form located outside the A.S. Secretary's office, 
third floor, Price Center. Submissions 8fe due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 



\ -

.,. 

14 SPORTS 

ARf 

JIll' 
Surviving a Big 
Mac Attack 

Last Wednesday night's tennis 
exhibition at the Sports Arena was 
billed as "Flash against Brash." 
With Andre Agassi 's cool trademark 
ball cap and flowing locks matched 
against John McEnroe's volcanic 
tempennent and umkempt 'do, I 
thought a bener billing would have 
been "Hathead vs. Hothead." 
Nevertheless, I finally got to see my 
boyhood tennis idol in person, and 
I'm not talking about Agassi. 
McEnroe's inspired 6-7, 6-4, 7-6 
victory brought back images of the 
McEnroe of old, the McEnroe 
whose tennis artistry I still vividly 
remember. 

When I was 10 years old, I tried 
to be just like Mac. The year was 
1980, and McEnroe was my favorite 
tennis player. Since he was my 
favorite player, I had to emulate 
him, replicate his every move. I had 
Mac's hippie hairdo and sweatband, 
ugly low-top Nike sneakers, and a 
standard-size wooden racket. 

Late at night, usually around 10 
or so, I'd be standing on the courts 
all alone, the regulars long since 
gone. Under the lights, with a bucket 
of worn out Siazenger tennis balls, I 
would imitate McEnroe's every 
move. I'd mimic his twisting, 
corkscrew service motion: envision-
ing a 100 mph rocket kicking up 
chalk on the centerline past my 
opponent for an ace, just like 
McEnroe. Then I'd hit a few balls 
against the backstop, standing 
defiantly at the "net," daring my 
archrival to try a passing shot. Of 
course, I returned every shot for 
easy winners, just like McEnroe. In 
my mind, I was a prodigy of 
unparalled genius on the court, just 
like McEnroe. 

In imaginary tennis, every one of 
my serves went in, every one of my 
volleys was a winner and every one 
of my matches was another easy 
victory on Wimbledon's Centre 
Court. Just like McEnroe. 

So when I started playing tennis 
against real opponents, I discovered 
that tennis can be a maddening 
sport. I don't have lightning-quick 
reflexes, blinding speed, cat-like 
agility or commanding court 
presence. I'm very good at whiffmg 
on overheads, netting my serves, 
shanking my forehands and mis-
hitting my volleys. As a matter of 
fact, I've hit more home runs with 
my two-fisted backhand than Babe 
Ruth, and I've got Aaron in my 
sights. 

Over the years I've continued to 
model my game after McEnroe's, but 
to no avail. The only thing I do well on 
the court is get angry. When McEnroe 
is really pissed, he slams his racket to 
the ground. If it breaks, no problem-
he's got another six or seven rackets in 
his bag. Since I'm a true McEnroe 
impersonator, I picked up the racket-
slamming habit. In a friendly game a 

See MAC, Page 12 

The ueSD Guardian Monday, April 19, 1993 

UCSD Battles Boozers 
GOLF: Tritons finish one stroke 
behind professionals at Torrey Pines 
ByOreaWrem 
Sports Editor 

Just a couple of months ago, the distinguished 
Torrey Pines golf course was hosting a distin-
guished PGA tournament, the Buick Open. On 
Friday, it hosted the Boozer's Open. 

It was a fall from grace that threatened to take 
the UCSD golf tearn down along with Torrey's 
reputation. But despite the handicap of playing 
behind pot-bellied, balding, middle-aged men wear-
ing loud shirts and ugly knickers who think that a 
Slice is something you mix drinks with back in the 
clubhouse, the Tritons fought back and finished 
one stroke behind professionals from the San Di-
ego Golf Academy on Friday, 305-306. 

The Academy's amateurs finished way back at 
313. 

"We were supposedto tee off at I p.m., but we 
got moved back behind this Boozer's Open. E very-
one of them had a beer can in their hand at the tees. 
By the time we got on, the greens were spiked up 
and they were loud and distracting," UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra said. 

Tom Brown led UCSD with a one-over-par 73, 
while Jeremy Moe was second on the team, shoot-
ing a 76. Dale Abraham finished in 77, Jim 0 'Grady 
recorded an 80 and Pete Roberts and Brock Shafer 
tied at 82. 

"We should have been a couple of strokes better 
than a 306," Wydra said, adding that the Academy 
professionals are training to be professionals at 
golf clubs and not PGA Tour players. 

"It wasn't our best match, but we should do 
better at our last match at Torrey next week," 
Wydra said. 

The coach believes that the Tritons must shoot 
300 or better at Torrey in order to win the Division 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian ill national championships, which will be held 
Tom Brown led UCSD with a on&Over-par 73 during Friday's match at Torrey Pines. there at the end of May. 

Tritol18 Strip usn and 
snsu for Best in the Bay 
CREW: Men's varsity eight defeats both cross-town rivals for local title 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Staff Writer 

Rocketing over the frigid waters of Mission Bay 
can be a bitter experience, but for the rowers at the San 
Diego City Championships held last weekend, the 
cold hard factS of defeat defmitely made for a much 
chililier scenario. 

After UCSD crew beat the pants off last year's 
champion USD and SDSU in the intensely rivaled 
men's varsity event, both losing squads were forced to 
relinquish the very shirts off their backs, in occordance 
with a long held crew tradition. More significantly, the 
triumph stripped the Toreros' "best-in-the-bay" brag-
ging rights, rendering the Tritons the 1993 rulers of the 
south seas. 

According to men's varsity Head Coach Michael 
Shannon, the team's start was unusually slow, with the 
Tritons falling a half-boat length behind SDSU. But, 
by the halfway point in the short course 1700-meter 
event, UCSD caught and passed the Aztecs and Jason Rltchle/~ 

See CREW, Page 9 M.'. varsity crew took the SO CIty title. 
1he 

The Headline Matchup: B.eball VI. La Verne, today at 2:30, baseball cIarnond. 
Other Games: Women's tennis at Ojal Tournament, Wednesday.Sunday. 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
BASEBALL: UCSD beat Southern 
California College 12-81ast Thurs-

day. ,.12 
SOFTBALl.: The Tritons split a 
doubleheader with Redlands this 
weekend, continuing their late-

season resurgence. PIP 9 


