
Probe Finds Women 
........... UCSC 
SANTA CRUZ - A U.S. 
Department of Education 
investigation found that the 
University of California at 
Santa Cruz failed to address 
complaints of sexual harus-
ment, including allegations of 
rape, sexual assaults and 
verbal abuse. The university 
refused to aign a propoeed 
reaolution by the Offtc:e of 
Civil RiaJdl in San Francisco, 
saying many of the 
investigation's fmdings were 
b~d on inaccurate informa-
tion. 

MIIIOI'L",_ 
Sports QuestIoned 
DAVIS - UC Davis admin-
istrators said that increased 
alcohol advertising and 
consumption is sufficient 
reason to reject a proposal to 
bring a minor league baseball 
team to the campus. In a 
statement made to the city, 
administrators said that the 
amount of alcohol offered at 
such events conflicts with 
campus policies. Student 
proponents of the idea say 
that the adv.antages far 
outweigh the disadvantages 
and argue that the campus 
will receive an upgraded 
stadium and more student jobs. 

Students Support 
Hu ......... 
SANTA BARBARA - UC 
Santa Barbara officials met 
with llriken 60. a campus 

~oipniutton 
wbIcb is clemllMliaa IlION 
recruitment and reteation of 
CbiClDO/Latino stuclenlllDd 
the preservation of a OliCIDO 
center on campus. Several 
students puticipated in • 
hunger strike oullide of 
Cheadle Hall to draw atten-
tion to the issue. Because the 
administration said it wu not 
prepared to negotiate. the 
meeting was focused on 
laying the groundwork for 
negotiation. 

INIIDE 

STAGE 
PlAyu ... : Student-
run theater troupes offer 
students experimental 
experience • 

lPOIITS: Men's 
buketball head coach 
leaves for Pomona at 

txJI) IIID'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN" IIOBIIS .................... 2 
LICIITI " SIlINS ..................... S 
OPINION .................................. 4 
a.A8SIrIED8 ............................ 6 
SfOIT5 ................................... . 

T H E' u 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, MAY 9, 1994 

KID STUFF 

0- Cho/GIIardI", 
FIor8 VII .. Elementary School etudenta .... UCSD YOIIeybeII .... ,., Tom Black. 
who voIuntMra .... time to .......... 1CIIooI. wIIIcII .... had Ita P.E. c ...... cut. 

Students Protest CaDlPUS 
Racism and A..S. Elections 
IIARCII: Protesters demand 
that the chancellor reinstate 
Guevara, Falk and Craig 
., ... P ........ D ...... 
SWffWrlter 

Sixteen students marched through campus 
early Thursday morning to protest the recent 
hate crimes at UCSD and the invalidation of 
the A.S. presidential election. 

The protesters marched through campus 
living areas before presenting the Chancellor's 
Office with a list of demands, asking for a 
response to the problems facing students of 
color at UCSD. 

"Basically. what we wanted to do was to 
bring attention to asituation on campus which 
was bad and is getting worse in terms of racial 
discrimination." said Marshall College se-
nior Ethriam Bummer. "The fact that the 
administration has done little or nothing to 
denounce the hate crimes which have re-

cently been seen on campus shows that they're 
not interested. .. 

The protesters. armed with signs, marched 
through the Fifth College dormitories, Pepper 
Canyon Apartments and Matthews Apart-
menta before ending the demonstration at the 
Administrative Complex. 

Chanting slogans such as "No justice, no 
peace" and "Poncho sf, Carla no," the march-
ers awoke several students who watched from 
their windows. 

This method of protesting at early-morn-
ing hours, according to Brammer, was de-
signed "to give people a little bit of the taste of 
the same kind of irritation that we've had to 
deal with all year long, and for some of us, our 
whole UCSD career." 

The marchers expressed frustration and 
anger over the racial climate at UCSD. 

"It's pretty sad that we have to resort to 
things like this," said Fifth College freshman 
Gabriela Juarez. referring to the march. Ac-

See PROTEST, Page 10 

c I D 

VOLUME 82, ISSUE 9 

Fonnn To 
Address 
P.E. 's 
Future 
MEmNG: P.E. Department will 
encourage students to speak up 
about proposed disestablishment 
By Ivan DefYenthal 
Staff Writer 

A public forum will give students, faculty 
and staff an opportunity to present their views 
on the proposed closure of UCSD's Physical 
Education Department. 

In preparation for the meeting, to be held 
today at 3:30 p.m. in Warren Lecture Hall 
2001, the P.E. Department has selected 12 
speakers representing a cross-section of the 
UCSD community. 

P.E. Teacher of Special Programs Mike 
Vandergriend said he hopes to draw a luge 
crowd at the forum. 

"We need 400 students to monitor the 
political 'proc:ess," Vanderariend said. Par-
ticipanll will also be allowed to voice their 
opinions to Academic Senate members who 
attend the meeting. 

Because of the systemwide budget cuts over 
the last few years, university executives say they 
have little choice but to shut down the P.E. 
Department Academic Senate Olair Stephen 
Cox conceded that the situation is unfortunate. 

"The university simply does not have the 
resources to keep the department going ... Cox 
said. "The money that would be needed to 
keep the [P. E. ] Department viable has to go to 
academic units." 

Most P.E. staff members are quick to em-
phasize the importance of their department. 
"In order to step into the 21st Century, we 
need a top-rate physical education program," 
said Vandergriend. 

Volleyball instructor Ed Machado said that 
disestablishing the P.E. Department is not 
necessarily the best way to cut expenses. 

"You eitherpaynoworpa, later, "Machado 
said. "Unhealthy students will employ more 
university services such • counsel in, and 
health services. We offer the best kind of 

See IIOIIUM. Pale 9 

Warren and Fifth College Provosts To Retire 
ADMINII1RATORI: 
Marshall College 
provost will also take a 
sabbatical next year 

IyErlo ........ 
Senior St." Write, 

Two out of the five UCSD cOl-
lep are losing provosts this year 
throuah • combination of the Uni-
versity of California's early retire-
ment propam (VERIP) and the 
provwtI' .If-profeaed love of teachu.,. , 

While Warrea Colle. Provost 

David Wong will stay on as a 
professor at UCSD after leaving 
his post this summer, Fifth Col-
lege ProvostJames Lyon win leave 
to take a tenured polition at 
Brigham Youn, University in Salt 
Lake City, Uf. 

In addition. Marshall College 
Provost Cecil Lytle will take a 
sabbatical during the 1994-95 aca-
demic year. 

Wong. who has taught physics 
at UCSD since 1960, said he will 
beam bil new teachina duties next 
WiDter Quarter. He will also en-
.. in a researcb project, prob-

ably in the areas of cognitive sci-
ence or economics and finish work 
on a science textbook for non-
science majors. 

"I think it's a areat opportunity 
for me to explore. I don't have any 
responsibilities at all Fall Ouarter, 
not teaching, not starting a research 
project," Wong said. 

Wong said he most enjoys 
teaching. During his years as pro-
vost, he led several physics classes, 
winning the distinguished teach-
in, award in 1990. "The position 
of provost is 100 percent an ad-
ministrative position. I taught be-

cause I like to teach - it was not 
required," Wong said. 

"Physics in particular is an 
important subject because it is the 
foundation of all sCience and tech-
nology, and it is scary to a lot of 
people. Some people find it diffi-
cult to grasp the ~ncepts, and you 
get a sense of accomplishment when 
you've succeeded," Wong added. 

Wong said he is particularly 
proud of his accomplishments on 
the campus-wide level. In 1987, 
he founded the UCSD one-unit 
underaraduate seminar proaram. 

See PROVOSTS, Pac. 11 



2 NEWS 

Student Proposes 
More Units for Labs 
POUCY: A.S. Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
fmds that !Dore hours are needed to prepare for labs 

Staff Writer 
Students taking science labora-

tory classes may get more for their 
money if A.S. Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs David Valen-
tine has his way. Valentine will 
present a proposal Thursday to the 
Committe on Educa-
tion Policy (CEP) to 
increase the number 
of units received for 
lab courses. 

mon for lab courses to require more 
work per unit than other courses. 

"The number of units is a result 
of considering all the things that 
go into a class or lab," said 
Lindenberg. "This process is not 
perfect nor unable to be rethought. " 

Valentine said he had found 

VaJentine, who is 
the student represen-
tative to CEP, said 
he has found that the 
number of units stu-
dents acquire for 

s~me lab courses 
does not adequately 
reflect the amount of 
work students put 
into the classes. 

Valentine backed 
up his claim by 
cross-referencing 
departmental re-
quests for course 
approvals with 
course and professor 
evaluations (CAPE). 
the schedule of 
classes and the 

"As It turns out, 
• lot of cI ..... 
w.,. kind of 

similllr problems 
with four-unit 
labs like BIBC 
103, biochemical 
techniques. The 
departmental re-
quest form says 
thst stu<ients only 
spend 12 hours 
per week for the 
class. However, 
Valentine con-
tends that most 
students spend 
over 20 hours per 
week. 

"In lome 
IlICOITect •••• cases, [the de-

partments] bla-
tantly lied," said 
Valentine. He 
said he thinks that 
departments 
sometimes try to 
keep the number 

peopl .... v. 
not .... It with It 

A.S. Commissioner of Affairs 

views of students enrolled in lab 
courses. 

Academic Senate bylaws stipu-
late that students will receive one 
unit for every three hours of work 
inside and outside of class per 
week. This measurement excludes 
study time for exams. 

"As it turns out, a lot of classes 
were kind of incorrect," said Val-
entine. "[The low number of units] 
goes against Academic Senate by-
laws." 

Valentine cited chemistry 6BL, 
which is wonh two units, as an 
example. The departmental request 
for course approval of the class 
says that only one hour of outside 
preparation is necessary for the 
course. 

However, when Valentine ex-
amined the CAPEs for the course, 
he found that students said they 
typically needed six to seven hours 
of outside preparation in addition 
to the seven hours of class time. 

"I do not feel that a two-unit 
allotment is an adequate reflection 
of the time commitment for this 
class, " said Fifth College sopho-
more Phillip Cole. 

"The time commitment for 
Chem 6BL is. if anything, more 
time eoasumina than Chem 6A, B 
or C, wbicb are normal lecture 
coursea, " Cole added. 

Chemistry Department Chair 
Katja Uadenberg said it is com-

of units low so 
students will have to take more 
classes. 

Valentine was successful in 
cbanging Earth Science 101 from 
a four- to a five-unit class by di-
rectly addressing the department. 
However, Valentine said he hopes 
that his latest proposal to the Aca-
demic Senate triggers multiple re-
forms. 

Valentine has already discussed 
his findings with CEP Subcom-
milteeofCourses Chair Joan Stiles, 
who said she would review the 
information over the summer or at 
the beginning of next year. 

uI don't think that this is a scan-
dal. I think that this is the result of 
a normal course evolution," said 
Stiles. 

"A course is approved at a 
certain point and time. Require-
ments, faculty and other elements 
change. What has happened is a 
cenain amount of slippage," he 
added. 

"I can't imagine that there will 
be a total re-evaluation of all 
courses anytime in the near future . 
I'd expect we'd find little discrep-
ancy," Stiles added. 

Valentine said that although 
there is a certain amount of valid-
ity to Stiles' explanation. he thinks 
tbat the discrepancies bave been 
brushed aside. 

"People have not dealt with it 
on purpose," he said. 

The UCSD Guardiaa )(0 .... '. 1Ia,9. 19M 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~ IS 'IllS ~ 8lIMG 
CD5 ~ BE 0fER~ I OIM~ 

£f94D1W~~. 

BRIEFLY ... 

1\115 WOUU) Ilk ~ lOr 
I4aIIE AM IF IllIEiW6 
\R. toen~ 
~ l&R" * lIT 1«»1E. 

o 
~ 

I~ ~ 
Gene Therapy Destroys Tumors 

Reseen:hers It the ucso School of Medicine 
found that. .... therIpy for brIIIn cancer may help 
pment the most deedIy apect of brain tumors, 
AICUrNnCI .... truImInt. All madill ... used to 
find that .......... not only deatlOJ'I the elllstllW 
tumor but worb • I vaccine to initiate en Immune 
response acalnst ~ cancer. 

The research team, heeded ~ UCSO School of 
Medlc:lne's Assistant Proteuor of Surpry Dr. DavId 
Barba and Professor of Neurosclenc:es Fred Gace, 
speculates that after exposure to these aenetJcalty. 
altered cancer cells, the Immune system recotnlzes 
the cancer and procedes to kill untreated cancer cells. 

This 1Indll1& will be published In tomorrow's Issue 
of Proceedl,., of the NIItioMI Acedemy of Scierlce 
(PNAS). 

1prI ... Concert , ....... UCSD 
.,... Students' ~ .... WoItl 

Dance students from the UCSO Theatre Oance 
Procram will present their own choreographed works 
performed ~ their peers In the ennuI! "New WOI'ks" 
SprI,. Dance Concert on MI'f 20 and 21 at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. This event, dIrected ~ 08nce 
Program Director Margaret Marshall and tenured fac. 
ulty member Patricia Rincon will begin at 8 p.m. both 
evenl,.s. 

The student presentation will encomPliI Modem, 
Batlet, JIzz, Musical Theltl'e end Ethnic: areas of 
dance. 

Dancel will contain the styles of the classic and 
contemporary Jazz movements, modem billet, mus~ 
cal dance of the 1940s end ImpnMsatIona~ 
comedy. 

TIckets lint $4 for students, $10 for seniors end 
$12 for the ,eoeral public: end we lMIIlabIe at the 
UCSO Prlce Center Box omce end Mandeville Audito-
rium both ntatrts of the event. For more Information call 

the UCSO Department of Theatre It 534-3793. 

c-. for U ......... Studl .. 
to Hold 1pecI" .... .. 

The Center for U.S.-Mexlcan Studies at UCSD will 
hold • special seminar by LuiS Hemandez Navarro on 
Thursday, May 19. from 3 to 5 p.m. In the conference 
room of the International Conference Center at the 
Institute of the Americas Complex. 

Navarro Is a researcher at the Centro de Estudlos 
para el Camblo en el Campo Mexlcano In Mexico City. 
He Is also an advisor for Coordlnadora Naclonal de 
Organlzaclones, the 1ead1,.lndependent organization 
of small coffee farmers. It Is from these two vantage 
points that he observes and participates In the key 
aarartan and aartcultural policy debates occuntl1& 
across Mexico. 

Navarro, who has written books In both Spanish 
and English, will present the seminar In Spanish. A 
rec:eptJon will follow the presentation. 

ScrI ..... Offers ExpIondIoII of 
.. DI .. o eo.tI_ 

The Stephen Birch Aquarlum-Museum at UCSO's 
ScrIpps Inltltutlon of 0ceancJaraphy will offer a sea-
IIde exploration of San D!e&O's coatIlne on Sunday, 
May 22 from 2 to 4 p.m. 

The excursion, led ~ a naturallstfrom the aqu.-lum-
museum, will Include • natural history tour of local 
beaches from Solana Beach County Park and San 
Dle&UIto Lagoon. San DIego'I last remainIrC I8nd 
dunes and the are. where "Del Mar Man" WIS dltICOY-
erect In the early 19001 will be explored. 

Advanced reatltratlon Is required for the explore-
tlon. The COlt Is $9 for lCIults and $7 for children IICes 
7 to 13. For more Information call the Iqu.-tum at 534-
7523. 

EIIIoNI: 534 81110, ....... 0III0e: 1114-34M, Fa: 1134-7t11 

., 

laD ......., 1100 ....... DIM 0311, 
... Jolla, CA 120l3-0I18 

AlMlIIIIIIII: ........... UCID .... 0IMIr ...... . ,.. 

lI_da,.II., 9. 19M 

CSE. Graduate 
Student 
Commits 
Suicide 
ByDMK-.. 
Co-NfIWtI Editor 

A 23-year-old UCSD graduate 
student apparently took his own 
life late last Thursday night by 
jumping from a fifth-floor breeze-
way between the two halves of the 
Applied Physics and Mathematics 
buildings. 

Computer Science Engineering 
student Jeffrey Scott Casey was 
taken to Scripps Memorial Hospi-
tal after three students wbo heard 
the impact found him on the ground 
at 10:45 p.m. and dialed 911. Casey 
died at 7:30 the next morning. 

Sergeant Bob Jones of the 
UCSD Police Depanment said he 
was confident that the death was a 
suicide, but will bold the final re-
port of the incident until the case is 
fully investigated and the autopsy 
completed. 

Jones said he did not know what 
drove Casey to his death, adding 
that no note was left at the scene. 

"It 's been a while actually," said 
Jones, "but we've had a number of 
[suicides] over the years." Jones 
said that the last suicide at UCSD 
occuned about two years ago. 

Recycle 
the 

Guardian 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456-BREW 

College IO/proof of age required. 

The 'UCSD Cuardiaa NEWS S 

LIGHTS & SIRENS Artists that listen. 
Ll&htl and Sirens Is a selection of entries compiled from the 10& book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 
...... ..,2 
10:00 I.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a camcorder from the 
Chemical Research Bulldll1&. Loss: $600. 
1:21 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Blue Cannondale B18 bike 
In front of the Muir Apartments. Loss: $300. 
1.'01 p.m.: A student reported the theft of photographic equipment from 
Mandeville Auditorium. Loss: $153. 
'-dIr."" 1:00 ...... : A male Pinkerton security guard suffered from nausea and 
dizziness lifter Inhaling unknown fumes at the RIMAC construction site. 
Transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital ~ paramedics. 
12:11 p.m.: A 65-year-old male non-affillate was arrested for misuse of 
a handlc:apped placard In Lot 506. Cited and Released. 
8:10 p.m.: Two male non-affiliates were ordered off campus after 
creating a disturbance at Spanos. 
WtdnelcllJ, May 4 
1:011.m.: A 25-year-old male non-affiliate was transferred from Mayer 
Hall to detox for public drunkenness. 
9:30 a.m.: A student reported a burglary to a white '87 Nissan Stanza 
in Lot 502. Loss: $180. 
10:20 •• m.: A student reported the theft of wetsuits from Marshall 
Apartments. Loss: $200. 
2:30 p.m.: OffIcers reported a fallen tree on a veh icle in Lot 113. 
2:51 p.m.: Units and SDFO responded to a fire at Pacific Hall. A student 
suffered bums to the arms and face because of a small fire in a chemical 
hood. Sought private treatment. 
TlMlrsclay, May 1 
12:20 •• m.: A staff member reported the theft of mail from the mail 
boxes at the lower Marshall Apartments mall room. Loss: Unknown. 
2:28 •• m.: A student reported the theft of a grfli and wh ite '89 Jeep 
Wrangler from Lot 502. Loss: $20,000. 
1:39 p.m.: A student repOrted the theft of a black Fuji Explorer B 18 bl ke 
from the bike rack 1r1 front of noga Hall. Loss: $600. 
10:41 p.m.: A male student Jumped from the fifth floor of AP&M. 
Transported with fatal Injuries to Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramed-
ics. 
Frtay, May 8 
1:1.4 •• m.: A 24-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for failure to 
comply with orders to leave campus. Transported to City Jail. 
1:20 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a computer from Torrey 
Pines Center North. Loss: $2,797.19. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a gnry '93 Jeep Grand 
Cherokee from Lot 305. Loss: $20,000. 
Slturdly, May 7 
2:28 I.m.: A 61-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested at Villa La Jolla 
and La.Jolia Village DrIve fO( public drunkenness and transported to 
detox. 

Before your next hair appoi1llment tbink 
about these questions ... 
Q. 
Q. 

What is your bair doing 
tbat you want it to 
conlinue doing? 
What is your hair doing 
tbat you il!m1 want it to 
be doing? 

Q. Would you like some-
• tbing MllL and different? 

Look your best ever! 

Headache Sufferers Wanted 
Don't be one of the 45 million 
chron ic headache sufferers - help is 
available. Dr. ScIIItutI can put 
health back in your life. ~lCtIc 
treatment and realignment of the 
spine has proven very effecti'le in the 
rel ief of mieraine and stresSielated 
headaches. 
~ also effectively helps 
• Auto. work and sports injuries 
• SICk, neck and joint pain 
• FatiCue. immune system disorders 
I FREE INITIAL EXAMI I 

l111ef1sive MeAT Prep: 
1) DI1Ix works ... don't settle for less! 
1) combines frcqvpt in-class MCAT instruction &: real MCAT testing with 

carefully guided home study. 
3) is conelated with MCAT '.egg. 
4) lMy be the f.ctor to get DR into medical school. 

Colu1llbla MeAT Review: 
I) an independent, full-service program taught by MCAT exPCrta (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates &: English Department Ph.D. faculty) . 
1) specializes in lpteul!' MCAT prep &: medical school admissions assistance-

they are all we do! 
3) originated t~e concept of "lplep,l!' MCAT ARA" here in San Diego in 1985, 

beDn of Simulators! 
4) olren lIOn than any other prep course: the most total hours, the most qualified 

&: experienced instructors, the most up-to-date materials, unlimited free tutorial 
&: application/admissions assistance, all at the kut CO.t! 

5) 100IUr track record of "double-digit" MCAT scores &: "top choice" med school 
acceptances for our students. 

6) .11 de .. PP AmPP' at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
Sa"".,. 1 !J!)4: 

Classes begin Jlle 12" and are already 1/2 full. Limited enrollment. Don't settle for less! 
. VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VD.O • co. _HOING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PIIOFEIIORS NOTtS 
FAA SERVICE 

3 \J'1c COPIES .... lid ,8 :;. ) ..... ~ papo!I- . -. ........ -1 

Columbia Review 
1M rEM"rl MCll "E'A"'''. · 

ENROLL NOW! 
.456·8488 

, . 
H (" ~ 1 1 "., T J "1 I! ' '\ 1 l • 

.... ", tIl n I ~ 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItDrlai Boerd 

ERIC SCHMIDT, EdItor In Chief 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, ~ EdItor 

OM KRAUSS, News EdItor 
DOUG ALEXANDER, OpInion EdItor 

TIll UCSD _Ie.........., twice ...... the ~ of CeIKomIe. Sen 1IIetD. ~ tntIM. ______ the I'IIIjOrI\y _ of IN __ •• __ 
-", __ INUC _ of-...a. INASUCSO. _IN ___ • 

Another Year, Another 
Scandal for A.S. Elections 

Some might say the Associated Students is an matic body. Some 
years they do good things, OIbcr years they don't But our AS. 
representatives are actua1ly quite consistent Every year, 'tIIe level of 
petty, political figbtingreacbes new heights, asevidcnced by election 
disputes, constant backstabbing and rumor mongering, 

Every year, the candidates say good things, and some even seem 
to display promise at making changes during their tenure on the AS. 
O>uncil. Once elections swing around, however, the AS. once again 
snaps into its mode of petty bylaw-quoting and bureaucratizing that 
even our campus administrators must envy. 

Take elections this year. We .appeared to bave some qualified 
candidates and things seemed to be proceeding fairly, but as soon as 
election results turned out unfavorably, A.S. members began the 
political game once again. Those associated with the losing parties 
charged members of the two opposing slates with violating vague 
election bylaws - cbarges that could be trumped up against almost 
any unfortunate candidate. The final outcome of the silliness: the 
A.S. president-elect is subjected to a reelection which he promptly 
loses, partly because of unproven rumors, and two elected officials 
are thrown out of office. 

Carla Tesak, the new president-elect, will do a decent job. She 
beld the council together this year even though she was thrown into 
her previous presidential position by last year's election scandal. 
Sadly, however, she has gained the position as a reSult of politicking, 
not by being elected. 

For tbe last three years, tbe AS. has made a mockery of the 
democratic process by invalidating or baiting the elections because of 
frivolous charges. Two years ago, presidential contender Ru~n 
Dwtn had the election process stopped while he launched unsubstan-
tiated charges involving printing costs of a small number of fliers. Last 
year, Randolph Siwabessy ran for president and won even though he 
knew be was not allowed to be on tbe ballot as a non-studcnt Tesak, 
the elected vice president administrative, was constitutionally re-
quired to replace him. Tbat election ended up meaning nothing. 

This year, nearly the entire election was invalidated. This is no 
way to run a respectable democratic body. More safeguards need to 
be implemented to keep candidates from breaking tile tules and to 
keep silly complaints from getting in tile way of fair elections. In 
particular, the bylaws regarding candidate endorsements by univer-
sity and A.S. organizations are in desperate need of revision. The 
current rules are vague and ill-conccived. 

As we have learned in the last month, candidates can be held 
responsible for university organizations which violate election bylaws 
by endorsing AS. candidates (and spending university or A.S. funds). 
Rather than putting tbcsc organizations OIl bial, tile bunien is sbiftcd, 
quite caily, to the candidates whom the organization eadoned. 

This was clcmiy tile case with the Judicial Board's handling of 
Presidcnt-elcct Poncbo Guevara, AS. F.xtemaI-elcct Naomi Falk 
and AS. Fmancc-elcct Jennie Criag. Each of tbcsc individuals was 
supposed to prove tlleir innoc:eoce in tile production IJId diSlribudon 
of the now-famous Student Affirmative Action Committee (SAAq 
endorsement fliers. 1bougb two of tbese individuals have close 
connections with SAAC and all probably knew ofSAAC's pr0duc-
tion and diSlribution of the fliers, one central fact remains unaltered: 
the endorsements-and the fliers-were made by SAAC. Barring 
proof that these individuals were dircctly responsable for tile fliers, 
tlley are by all standaJds innocent The Judicial Board did DOl 
establish guilt Under current bylaws, SAAC's respon5Iblity is 
shifted to tile candidates and due process is easily invcrsed, leading 
to a rule of guilty until proven innocent 

In addition, tile purpose of the bylaws themselves needs to be 
addressed. The AS. is totally mired in regulations which are com-
pletely frivolous. Even the A.S. bas acknowledged this,. When a 
constitutional convention was· attcmptetf this year 10 clear up tile 
verbose mess of rules, tile convention was sunk by bylaws affecting 
constitutional conventions. Such a self-perpetuating. con.scricting 
sludge of red tape needs to be cleared before real progress can be 
made in the AS. offices. 

Until AS. rules are sIrcamIined and tile poIilic:king is baited, tile 
A.S. doesn't deserve autonomy from tile adminisCration. You don't 
let a six-year~ld out aIone OIl the IIbeet at night, and you don't give 
an immature organization autonomy. 1be combination of a new 
COIIIIitution, autonomy and lCIlldaI-fMe elections would bave made 
lids coanci.I the belt IIince tile reign of JoIm.EdIul and Molly McKay 
four yean ..,. Maybe next year. 

The UCSD Gaardiu lloade" 1Ia, 9, 19M 

PINION 

1' .' -. 
....... ' ~: 
-.. -- .. -

WOMEN OF THE WEST 
COMMENTARY: Acknowledging the role that women played in American 
history not only sets the record straight, it helps us to understand ourselves 
By HNther Huo PhHU... more ways than the tiny streets she maneuvered ..... She 
St,." WI1ter . found herself totalJy subjugated to her new husband. If 

1bereccatmovieBadGirLrbubrougbtthethemeof he was a man of means, she would compete with his 
women in "die W5t"10 the American public. However, ooocubine or his other wives; if he needed money, she 
II is common in the mainsIream media, &uJ Girls does would bring from $300 10 $2,000 on the slave market, 
I poor job of representing Ihc women on the Western regardless of her legitimate position as his wife. If he 
frontier.1bisisunfortunalcbccauae,otbcrtbantbisfilm, chose to keep ber, then her days oould be spent cJois-
many people have liUIe ImowIedge of women in the teredinadimly-Iitbackroom,forbiddcntominglewith 
Weal the commoners on the street. Most WOIDeD. .. worked 

1bougb they are ipored in IIlOIt bistoricaI.XY1I1..... from 12 to 16 hours a day amid piles of shirts ...... 
women of all difIaat edIIIic:, mcial aod ccooami<: t.dt- (WtlIINeJI of. West). 
grounds pIayed important roles in west- 'IbeIe women were completely cut 
ward expusioo. 'J'wo.dimeIIIioaal ac- off from Ibeir fmIiIiea aod bomcIands. 
COUDIIofbillorynotoolyperpetualethe Yet they m ....... 10 aurvive. The 
notion tbatwomeo'sroIesaodcolllribu- women who were able 10 IemaiD with 
tioaI are inIipi&ant, but limit our 110- Ibeir ............ aeIded down 10 raise 
___ .. ofthepraenlancUbefuture. famiJiea. Some of the IIa¥ea were ra-
It iI time 10 .. die r.urd IIni&bL cued from tbeir ..... 1iwL And oc-

Life in the Weltwu bard, to say the ~y, apiDIt all odds, WOlDen 
IeIIl DuriDg tbiI en, people ImeIed ia broke free • . 
covered WIFDI wbicb provided little DuriDatheenofwalemelpllllioa. 
abeher from cIriYiD& rain or bot lUlL Moet .cC .... NIIIM Americ:aoa b8d very diIdDct 11[-
'IbeIe pcopIe lI'Imied many miIca, day Iltli ... perieacea. Native AmeriCIDI were 
after day, in aeardI of a new life. WI~ ." bced 10 deal with the mpMI iDfhm of 

-Made I c.mp of 16 milcaover bills •••• ... beipen am tbeir bomt.IaadI "1bey 
of RId rocbaodelrtb .... lthink Ibnenot ..... ".1.1 ••• d c:amelibalioa. yca,UbaIOlliDaUoa, " 
feltlOweakliace I left die ..... "wrote _ ... ".... wrote s..b WiDDelDllCCl, • Natiw 
Mary RichardIOn WaIbr II abe jour- AmedcIa IIIDIt 6aDaua t'tlr her wod: II 
oeyed over the Roc:ty MOUIIIainI. c.dIy ..... ,relld III _ .... t'tlr die America ptem-
Lucbeai, die ecIiIor of WGIMI of,. ..... " to lie meal 
Wat.1Iid of RidIanJIoD: "She aad die put........ .. BYeaWIy,~IIIffil·l.-d 
other 'MlIDCIl were Ilpiriled lot. 'Ibcy NalMAmerbui'oace-fIouriIbinad-
coobd, aewed, compIli .... nurtured nlld .. ..... ..... "My people .. ~ been 10 un-
- all die wbiIe IMDs under unbeIiev- •••• III ... IuIppy for lInDa time they willi DOW 10 
ably bani ciR:umIaaocea " hi..., ... decrease, iastead of multiply," 

As wives, pioneer women hid 10 ...... .. __ WiIlllelllUCCl coatinued. DeIIrudion 
perform .... ...:- --'- II ~ .......... - I.....~ ........ UUIIA ..... ---eo \iIAI1" lUIIUWaI ia cbe "wbite man'." wUc. 
ina and takiD& care of their fmaiIia value .,11 •• I The proud Native Americaaa were 
without nIIIIIiDa MIa or proper ..uta- ___ .'. forced 10 depead on the wbita for sub-
tioo. ~! were forced 10 plar die roles expert.... 1iIIaa. They were put 10 wort aod 
of midwife aod c:oumeIor Without any •• rarely IIWCOIIIpf'M'tioaforlbeirllbor. 
tniJJina. UviD& 011 die frontier reqIMd pat COUI'IF t'tlr W'Jth the IUddeolppClliIDofwbile men, Native Ameri-
tbeae womeo. 1bey oftea wrote IbouI bow fearful tile)' CIa DlOIben Mft "'ahid 10 bne MOle dIiIdraa for fear 
were II ..... - of aaimaIs, ...... ancI thiewa. -rile they IbaII 11M ........... who are not ute even ill their 
.. of my miDd '- aembIed ~ weIIber in tilDe of 1DOtber'. praeoce, " WIIIII!IIIIICCa wrote. 
tbundeubow.:ooepioaDerwommwnJleinajouraal. For women wbo eetded ia c:iciea, life .,..'t mudI 

Not all piDeeen came ...... II*a; aome,lIIdI. .... - ..... Iy if.., .. .....,. c-.... women 
AIiIII ~came ...... Pad6c. !lad few .... 1b.mw..., bec:Ime~"'" 

"Prom tile IIIOIIIeIIt a ~ bride rode Iortb OIl a YOUIII ..... wID .. ablelD ....... iIllIIe 
Nd aedao cbair tIuoupout die IIIeywaya of die Iocld . .... 1 -_ ............. coIor....:... ... .... 
CIiDIWwa, .. ICdviIiea -- c:irtu ... cribed in See WIlT, PIle 7 

Moaday, May 9, 19M The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

GUARDIAN EDITORIAL MISREPRESEN'IED CASE 
EdItor. 

After illegal campaignina JDd I 
mere five-vote victory in the prai-
dentialeleclioas, Pooc::boGuevara WII 
fouod guilty of vio1atioa the rules of 
theA.S.eIedioos.TheApri128GIMIId-
iall editorial reprdina the "Un-
founded, Costly" Judicial ao.nt ruI-
ina is die most bIataDt form ofbilaed 
and ineapoosibie joumaIism that this 
paper bu ever produced. 

The GIItII'dian ecilOrial boud ... 
ben (four individuaII) publidy cx-
preased their political support for Poo-
clio Guevara in their April 4 -eledioo 
sbowdown"ilsue.lJDfortunUeIy, tboae 
individuaII c:arried their support for 
Mr. Guevara to the point of slmdcriog 
the memben of the Judi<:iaI Board 
(nooe of whom are members of, or 
appointed by, the ASUCID Council) 
who beard the cue in question, by 
aiticizin& the individuaIJudiciaI Board 
members' thiokins ability. 

This is not an issue of faulty think-
ingprocesaeaon the part of the Judicial 
Board. This is an issue of the editorial 
board members of the GIMITdituI abus-
ing the power of the press by IUacking 
the elec:tion bylaws (which have been 
in effect for years) oo1y after their pet 
candidate violated thole bylaws. 

The rason that election bylaws 
exist is 10 ensure that no candidate bu 
an unfair advantage. There arc 24 
elected positions on the A.S. Council 
and the majority of the candidates 
who nm have been able to do so 
without breaking the rules. 

A candidate aa:epting an endorse-
ment by SAAC, which is an advisory 
committee to the vice chancellor of 
student affairs, is inappropriate. The 

GIMJI'diaIt editors did menIioo that 
Guevua MIl SAAC chair IasI year, 
but they did not meoIioo that his run-
ning mate, Emelyn de II Pella, is the 
currenI SAAC chair. It wu abo not 
mentioaed IhIII during the elec:tioos 
Mr. Guevara tbanbd SAAC for its 
e'-&eIbtiil (SAAC miouIea from 
April 6 verify tbiI) and then claimed 
itsendonementftiersonbisowncam-
paipfinaDce los- Swely Mr. Guevara, 
who chaired SAAC IasI year, knows 
that SAAC cmMlt make endone-
meoIB; yet he abeDdeda SAACcandi-
datcafonanaeekingendonement. His 
opponent did not. 

I do ape with two points made in 
the GIIIInIiM editorial, however. Fust, 
the elec:tioos will be costly. Second, 
SAAC should he held responsible. 
Clearly eoough, SAAC should pay for 
theoeweIectic:Ds and the studenl5shou1d 
not. HSAAC cannot afford theCXlSt, the 
vicecbanoellorofstudent affairssbould 
pay for the new election out of his 
disaetionary funds since hisldvisory 
committee CXlIltributied 10 the situation. 

Comidering all the evidence that 
was presented at the Judicial Board 
hearing (and there is much more that 
I have not brought up), the decision 
wu rather IenieDl.If acaodidate does 
not have the ability and/or ethics to 
follow the rules of the electiom, how 
canbelsbe pOlISiblYlICrve asanelected 
oJlicial? The bearing was fair and the 
decision WII reasonable. 

As for the GuardiIlII, the last sen-
tence of the editorial Jeids: -However, 
the integrity of the A.S. elections u1ti· 
mately depends 011 students playing 
politics in good faith - and that's 
much more difficult to enforce." Per-

5x6-$15 
--

5 X 7.$17 
5x8-$18 

9780 Candida St. 566-3U1 

USED 
L VIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIIEI JACKEIS 
COSlUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FlJNTIONAl 

HAWAl~. MlITARY. TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIIMAIIS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN lEACH 
..... ___ -"""IN 7 DAYI. 222 .. 22v-___ ...... 

RFADERS' 

FORUM 
1JIe au.dIn ......... Md_ 
.... tam .. ,...,.. __ !lie tWIt 10 
d 1IIr...." II1II .... SMa II ... III: 

1JIe GuMIIn 
0pIn/Gn EtaIt 

9500 a.n.n Dr. 0318 
u.bll. CA 9209S0318 

haps the GIIII1tIitm editors should 1isten 
to their own advice and print the entire 
story,notjustwhat they want us to hear. 

GreaHeam 

Lett. HtPoaltlcall 
EdItor. 

In your Monday, MIY 2 issue,l was 
amused to find a letter from Randolph 
Siwabessy defending his position on 
the recent invalidation of the ASUCSD 
presidential election results. I was a1. 
ready skeptical about the A.S.'s deci-
sion to have Siwabessy sit on the judi-
cial board and after reading his leiter, I 
find myself OUllaged. 

Who oouId be worse to decide a 
case regarding election miscooduc:t 
than someone who last year violated 
the same bylaws himself! In addition, 
Siwabessy is notably partisan, having 
run alongside Guevara's opponent, 
Carla Tesak, in last year's election. 
This is rather like having the Jeffery 

Dabmercue tried byooeofDabmer's 
former driokiog buddies, who, coin-
cidentally, also bappeos to be I con-
victed, mass-murdering cannibal. 

I abo resent the fact that Siwabessy 
felt it necessary to spend a massive 
wad of our funds on another election 
that nobody gives a damn about, ell· 
cept the candidates themselves. There 
isnoevidence to support the belief that 
Guevara WII party 10 the creation or 
posting of the SAAC Oiers, which is 
probably wby Guevara was oh-so-
mercifully "given a second chance to 
run, despite his guilt." Guevara said he 
bad nothing 10 do with the fliers, the 
SAACcbair said Guevara had notbiog 
to do with the Oiers - correct me if I 
am wrong. but my admittedly limited 
knowledge of logical COBStructs teUs 
me thai this does not constitute guilt. 

There is little or no indication that 
the controversial Oiers had anything to 
do with the election results. I took an 
informal poD of about 20 students wbo 
had voted in the first election and not a 
siogleone of them had seen or heard of 
the fliers prior to the election. Even if 
they had seen them, none of those I 
questioned had any idea that SAAC is 
considered an ann of the administra-
tion.. Hence, this knowledge could 
hardly have guided them in making 
their decision at the polls. In fact, most 
of the students that I polled indicated 
that, bad they known that one of the 
candidates was supported by the ad· 
ministration, they would have voted 
for the other candidate. I also have a 
limited knowledge of statistics and I 
understand that 20 people is not a 
representative sample of the popula-
tion. However, people who vote are 

generally those who are hoping for 
some kind of change, and these are not 
the kind of people who would vote 
pro-administration. Everyone knows. 
the administration is poo-poo. Who 
would vote for poo-poo? 

Equa11y ridiculous is Siwabessy's 
mudslinging session at the end of the 
letter. I'm not for one minute suggest. 
ing wbether or not Guevara gave a 
standing ovation to I Nltion of Islam 
spealrerlbould be an elec:tion issue, but 
the argument seellll to boil down to 
this: SiwIbessy says he did, Guevara 
says he didn't. Now, here's a fun quiz; 
WbidI of these two people bas I'«lently 
been prrwen guilty of defrauding the 
studentbody?lnanyc:ase,SiwabeS1y's 
bypocriticallCQlSltionsabout the many 
aspects of Guevara's foulness are pa-
tentially dangerous. If be feels that a 
representative from an advisory board 
posting an endorsement is a just cause 
to invalidale e1ection results, he'd bet· 
ler be prepared 10 invalidate the results 
of the new election as weD. Now that 
Tesak has won, it's obvious that the 
results were tainted by Randolph 
Siwabessy (a representative of the A.S., 
which, in lieu of autonomy, is essen· 
tially an advisory board for the admin· 
istration) and his public endorsemenl 
of a candidate in his GUQrdUut leiter. I 
know this sounds like an attempt to 
tum the case of Hancock v. Guevara 
into the case of LUll v. Siwabessy. 
That's because it is. When somebody 
decides to waste my money to suppon 
his personal agenda, I lend to get a trifle 
upset with said person. I think that the 
rest of the students on the campus 
should be upset too. 

Steve I.AJtz 

You've seen our ads, now come check us out! Come hear about: 

~ THE STRUCTURE O~ THE MeAT (we'll do a Sample Passage) 
~ WHAT SCORES WORK WHERE (we'll give you a data sheet) 
~ TIMING AND RETAKE CONSIDERATIONS 
~ MCAT ACING STRATEGIE.-THE "'IVE PLANKS 
~ WHY INTENSIVE PROGRAMS ARE THE ONLY WAY TO Go 
~ THE HYPERLEARNING PROGRAM-"'ORMAT AND RESULTS 
~ THE MI:DICAL SCHOOL INTERVIEW (free 13 page boo/cJel provided) 

At 46 class meetings and 140+ hours, we offer the most instrudionally in-
tensive commercial prep CDune in the country for the new-format MeAT. 
Will such grinding be suitable for you? Come find out. 

Sponsored by: ~'-~~ Pt.-M.J ~ 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardiu Moaday •• ,9.1994 

AN OPEN LE'rrER TO UCSD Co 
Iar. 

....... ·ldefacemenloftheOl6 
CaM .... WIIIDCR than aD insult 10 
........... ofooioratUCSD.ltWilI 
..;.ter of the nciIm andbigoay that 
COIIIimIes to affect people of color, 
puticularty African Americans, in all 
IIpedI of our 1IOcicty. The IWIItibs 
drawn 00 the forehead of Malcolm X 
received DO Jeal8IIitioafrom the UCSD 
administratioa or the AJriociIted Stu· 
dents CouociJ, and this was interpreted 
by students of color to be yet another 
example of the blatant dislegard for the 
racism faced by underrepresented stu· 
dents on this campus. 

Moved by the implications of 
UCSD's dismissal of this issue, an 
African·AmericanindividuaJcaUedthe 
Nation of Islam (NOI) to inform it of 
the defacement and the lack of reo 
sponse by the campus. The NOI then 
offered its assistance to the African· 
American Student Union (AASU) as I 
supportive gesture. Two representa-
tives attended a general body meetirig 
and spoke with students wbo5e feel-
ings of isolation and discrimination 
had become exacerbated by the van-
dalism. The NO! stepped forward in 
support and asked if it might hold a 
forum forus to address the defacement 
and the everyday experiences of Afri· 
can Americans in higher education. 
The AASU accepted the offer. 

The Union of Jewish Students 
(VJS), upon discovering that the NOI 
was stepping forward in support of 
the AASU, publicalJy disapproved of 
the AASU's decision. To keep the 
Iioes of communication open, we vis-
ited the UJS at one: of its meetings and 
discussed our intentions to have a 
forum on the defacement of the mu-

KAPLAN 

raJ. We ..... it dear \bat this would 
be • public forum 01\ the defacement 
aDd tIIIt UJS members, Jike everyooe 
elae, wete invited to lICe the MiDiIecr 
IUhin Muhammed spelkOll ApriJ 22-

At beginnina of the forum, AASU 
PresideIIIAntbereca EdmenOIIesIIb-
Jisbed ground rules for the ludience 
members, llying that this forum was 
meant for disaJsIioa of the mural 
defacement and made it dear that 
those not wishing to abide by the 
establisbed ground rules were invited 
to Jeave. Despite this, there were nu-
merous outbursts by members of the 
Jewish community duting the talk by 
Minister Muhammed, and during the 
question and answer period, the 
agenda was transformed by Jewish 
students from vandaJism to the views 
of the NO] on Jewish issues. The 
AASU again .ttempted to remind the 
audietnthat the forum wasnot meant 
for these issues, yet members of the 
Jewish community continued 10 ask 
questions whicbfocused on theNOI's 
views on anti-Semitism. 

At the ApriJ 2.5 AASU meeting, 
Joshua Wagner, who associated him-
self with the UJS but said he was not 
actingforthe UJS,recorded theAASU 
discussion on the NOI forum with a 
concealed tape recorder. When mem-
bersofthe AASU discovered that Mr. 
Wagner was not only recording this 
meeting. but had also recorded the 
April 22 forum (which members of 
the NOI specifically requested not be 
done), he was asked to relinquish the 
tape. Upon refusing. he left the meet-
ing and thlt evening informed 
Edmerson that he had fi1ed charges 
against the AASU for vioJating the 
rules set forth by the SmiIh v. RtgtnIs 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
ruling, which forbids the sponsoring 
of any political or ideolosica1 campus 
event by student organizations. 

TheAASU immcdiatelymobilized 
because of the implications of such 
charges: I ruling in Mr. Wagner's 
favor could mean the revoc:aIion of all 
funding for our organization. In the 
meantime, the Student Affirmative 
Action Comrnittee(SAAC,organized 
a forum to address the issues which 
bad arisen out of the defacement of 
theChS Caft mural. It bccamclbcated 
discussion between the UJS and the 
AASU, and resulted in most of the 
members of the UJS walking out of 
the discussion, one individual spitting 
on the floor as he left_ 

In light of the controversy, Mr. 
Wagner requested to meet with 
Edmcrsonon May 2. During this meet· 
ing. Mr. Wagner expressed a desire to 
drop the charges, but stated conditiOl\'l 
which he wanted the AASU 10 meet 
befm be _would do so: first, there 
would be a disc:ussion of the issues 
facing Jews and African Americans; 
and second, that the AASU would 
adopt a resoIutiOll recognizing the hurt 
it bad caused the Jewish community 

IDd IpoloaWD' for itl .ctio .... 
Bdmenoa aareed to !be .. condi-
tioa, but dedined the IOCODd unIiI fur· 
!her dilallIioa widt the AASU ..... 
n body. UponleaviJla the meetiJI& 
Mr. Wiper IIIIIOUDCOd his intenaioa 
to drop tbe c:barpa. 

On TuesdaY. May 3, Mr. W ... 
refiIed thedlupl apinIt theAASU. 
&c:.ua of tbia, !be AASU will be 
forced to appear 1It1beariD&lOdefend 
itsstatusul fuodedltUdentorpniza-
tion and fJcc the poaibility of1osing . 
aU funding. As would be expected, 
the racia1 tension 00 campus, particu· 
Iarly between the UJSand theAASU, 
is higher than it has been in a long 
time. 

The UCSDAfrican·Aroc:rican Stu-
dent Union is pleading for support 
from all coocemed community orga. 
nizations. Thus far, we have secured 
the support of members of African· 
American community groups, yet we 
recognize that without furtbcrendorse-
men.. we stand to Ioee one of the 
sIrongest piJJars of our campus com-
munity. African Americans It UCSD 
number only 362 00116,(0) member 
campus, and the future of our organi. 
zation is at stake. We are currently in 
the process of seeking legal ~I, 
and plan to seek pro-buono counsel 
from the NAACP. Your support is 
aucial ifwe are to cbaIIenge the valid-
ity of the latest of the attempCs to curb 
African-American student numbers. 
If you are interested in attending a 
press conference on this issue or find-
ing out more about the AASU, please 
contact AASU president Anthereca 
Edmersoo at 657-9353. 

AfrIcu.Americ:u sa.deat 
UDioa (AASU) 

TO: Medical School Applicant6 

FROM: Dr, Dwight W. Warren 
Profe650r & Dept. Chair 
USC School of Medicine 

Doubl ......... 
EdIIer: 

I Couad Oaye JoIaoo·. May 2 
commenwy 011 the AASU and UJS 
riddled with inco ... iltenciel and 
double standards. The truth is that she 
expedlanorpniutimlib IheAASU 
to go UIIICItbcd from ailicism be· 
<:I .. of its aftiliation with the Nation 
of lsIam (NOI). The AASU decided 
to invite an orgaqization to campus 
that caJ1s Judaism • "gutter religion" 
and names Jews IS one of the root 
problems that African Americans are 
facing today. Sbe goes 00 to state that 
the "UJS fails to realize what it rneaJW 
to denounce a bJack organization on a 
white campus." Does she expect us to 
Jive by two standards: theirs and ours? 
If the College Republicans or UJS 
we~ to invite either David Duke or 
the late Rabbi Meir Kahane to campus 
would we not expect a backlash from 
the studentcommunity? Of course we 
would, and we should expect nothing 
Jess from the AASU. Ms. Johnson 
goes 011 to lIy that the "AASU is not 
anti-Semitic," yet it invites a group to 
campus for the purpose of fostering 
black empowerment, which she says 
"does not need to be justified ... If Ms. 
Johnson feels that black empower-
ment should come at all costs, in this 
case that ofJews, Asians andwbites in 
general, then all she wants to do is to 
reverse the discrimination and vilifi-
cation.1 hope that Ms. Johnson is not 
of the opinion that black empower-
ment, I noble and just cause. is in-
separable from anti-Semitism. Sadly, 
the overall tone of her article reveals 
otherwise. 

Carttoa St. Lawereace 

RE: Confe65ion6 of a Medical School" 
Admi65ion Committee Member 
Seminar 

MODday •• ,9. 1994 

WEST: It is 
important to 
recognize role of 
women in history 
Continued from .,... 4 
a decent living by working in houses 
run by madams. But as their age in-
creased and their abiJity to please 
upper-class customers faded, women 
were forced to go into second· and 
third·rate forms of prostitution that 
involved many men every night for 
very little money. . 

Educated women had a few more 
options. Pauline Williamson, an edu-
cated black woman from a middle-
class famiJy, wrote letters about her 
inability to maintain a decent life and 
her young son. "They were wilJing to 
take me [for a job] this month, but the 
nurses ... would not work with a col-
ored person," Williamson wrote. Ac-
cording to Women of the West, "The 

ensuiDa Ietten. .. trice an inuonble 
pldaofmiPakea,liea,ilIneIaandpreju. 
dice that eventually lead to the defeat 
ofPaulineWilliamson'shopes."Suc:h 
stories were common. 

There were many women that con-
tributed to the image of "the West," 
stories most people never hear. One of 
the reasons we don't know very much 
about these women is they did not 
have the time to write about their 
experiences - especially those 
women who were not supported by 
husbands and good jobs. 

Most of the bJame, however, lies 
with us. Most accounts writlen by 
women have been discounted as not 
being "important enough" to be pub-
lished. Often they were regarded as 
too poorly written to be read by any-
one else. While there are many books 
on western settlers, few focus on and 
discuss women. 

We need to include women in our 
history and emphasize the value of 

ne UCSD Guardian 

their expcriencea. Many of III have I -
very vquo pidwe ofwbal "the move 
westward" really WII for aU types of 
people - not just white men. Being 
able to see just what roles women 
played during that era gives as I more 
accurate picture of what actually hap-
pened. 

While knowing about the lives of 
ordinary women may not seem very 
important, gaining a clearer sense of 
history facilitates a better understand-
ing of our present and future. Through 
our understanding how some people' S 
ancestors treated others, and in the 
case of Native Americans, brought the 
demise of entire cultures, we are likely 
to better perceive our own destructive 
patterns of behavior. And seeing the 
strength and determination that many 
of our female ancestors had gives us a 
stronger sense of identity and lends 
insight into how we may want to lead 
our lives. Knowing about our ances· 
tors helps us to know ourselves. 

THIS! 
14 paid editorial positions are now open 

for the 1994-1995 Guardian staff 
See ..... 10 for the detail. 

MIdrkI 
AmItCrdIm 
London 
IMHIs 

'AI' lIres ore uch Wf!' _ on , IOOMIdtrC> 
CIIIMo. r .... ""'lI'IdodIxjmI<!lnClicnOlllliY. c.II 
10' ohr-'dwidt daInIicn. 
........ '-M ...... " 

Council Travel 
UCSD Prk% Cemr <btl the Post Office) 

-. _ri. f.5 WIll., IN, sa tM 

----------FALAFEL or 2 11 
GYROS for : 

SANDWICH =:;~ I 
----------, Buyl I 
plate, secoild plate. I 
HALF PRICE! : 

,..--_ ... -...... 

----------.1 CHIctEN$5~-:-l 
..a- --I l&lI_~ILI_U'-_n".r= __ ~ ~ ,j 

FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 
IJ, . Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
VERDE 

8606 COltl Verde Blvd .• 617·4844 
.~UC8D 

CAR WASH 

z.® 
• 

LI .... 11. VIII ••• Dr. UTe 

I I. I 1 .... 1 Dr . • 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT ClOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE I DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I : l1li ftlllllnlCI 3 99 : ' 

: COSTA CAR WASH : 
I VERDE & Turtle lVlU SMfer ....... I 
I c.~ WASH NIl ...... .., ... aIIr. lAVE "'.. I 
I ....... .... 
------------------______ 1 

OPINION 7 

r"Frieiiis-eat~\\-----' 
When you buy one lunch UI 
Monday through Friday, we'll n 
treat a friend of yours to 
LUNCH for FREEl 
Harry loves UCSD. So he's inviting all 
UCSD studenu, faculty, and staff to 
join him between II am and 2:30 p.m., 
Mon.-Fri., for the best meal in La Jolla! 
• BREAKFAST SERVED AU DAY 

Ofhr UD. ,,',9<4 
7545 Girard Ave., Downtown La Jolla (619)454-7181 

L Open 7 days a week. Mon .• Sat. 5:30 am·BO pm, Sundays 5:30-2 pm .J 
--------------------

CoIIY"'1 from Tl1vtl Pick 10 BlCk Pick, CordlJr.PI~ 
Nylon WI.r Proofod. PICIdod Blck Will. AlumInum InIIIIIIII 
FI1,.... HlclNwly PICIdod Hlp lien & Shoukler Strape. 
1"'I11III1 Cinch Sll1pe. Doubll Z1ppel1 For 
C"~ TrIV.I Sll1p. $8999 Mfg. Utttl"" Wllllnty 

Compo $120.00 



8 NEWS 

By Stephenle Simon 
St." Writer 

YER 11IE YEARS, UCSD UNDERORADU-
ates have joined together to experi-
ment with various forms of theatrical 
performance. These groups provide 
opportunities for students to perform 
without devoting their undergraduate 

years to the rigorous curriculum of a theater 
major. As an alternative to Theatre Depart-
ment productions, these student-created, 
non-profit groups offer opportunities to 
experiment in theater activities such as 
sword-fighting, fire-eating and juggling as 
well as acting in Broadway musicals and 
comedies. 

Currently, there are five undergraduate 
theater troupes on campus: Warren Theatre 
Guild, the Muir Musical Ensemble, the John 
Muir Theatre Troupe, the Next. Stage and 
the Players. 

The John Muir Theatre Troupe (JMTT), 
organized in Fall 1991 by recent Muir gradu-
ateJ ason Bram, was created after Bram saw 
a lack of free, informal, undergraduate the-
atrical action. 

"If you have your own [college] theater 
troupe, you have more control over the 
direction it's going," said Muir senior Chris 
Birn, who currently chairs the troupe. 
"We're not as hard-core as some of the 
Theatre Department productions." 

Each show features between eight and 
18 actors, plus a director, stage managers 
and a technical crew. Cast members are 
chosen by audition close to the third week 
of the quarter, after the troupe's executive 
council chooses a particular play. TheJMTT 
plans more than just theatrical productions. 
The troupe occasionally participates in the-
ater games, movie nights and other activi-
ties, sometimes in conjunction with the 
Warren Theatre Guild. These activities have 
suffered poor attendance in the past, a prob-
lem which Bim attributes to the troupe's 
focus on stage productions. 

"The attendance for those [events] 
haven't been that grest, because it seems 
most of the people are interested in just the 
main productions, which is wbat we are 
focusing most of our resources toward," 
Bimsaid. 

Funding is provided by the Muir Par-
ents' Fund, other Muir College organiza-
tions and advertisements in the play pr0-
grams. Past plays include; Prisoner on S«-
ondA venue, by Neil Simon; BIDe" Comedy, 
by Peter Schaffer; TM Import4nce of Being 
Ernest, by Oscar Wilde; and Foots, by Neil 
Simon. According to Bim, no performances 
were p4anned for last winter because many 
of the members of the group were involved 
in Muir Musical Ensemble's production of 
Joseph and the Amazing Teehtlieolor 
DreturlCOdI. 

The Muir Musical Ensemble wu cre-
ated three years ago by Muir student Orren 
Webber because, at the time, there were no 
opportunities to participate in musical the-
ater on campus. According to Muir junior 
Lauren Jannlte, the ensemble's artistic di-
rector, musicals are rarely performed by 
Theatre Department. 

"We're doing it for fun because we love 
theater, and we try to live a lot more people 
a chance at mUlical theater," Jannke said. 

Muir College provides fundina for the 
musical pe(formances produced by the En-
semble. According to Jannke, "Muir is very 
into the arts, and they wanted to live to their 
students an opportunity to leO [musicala] or 
be involved in tbCm," Jannke llid. 

However, the produc:tioDa do come Ii. 
high COlt to the Muir CoIJe&e IpOIIIOIL 
Compared to produciaa a play, tbe COlI of a 
muaic:al is often mucb bi&ber becauae oldie 
......... 1 aDd IOIIIId equipmeat iavoIvecL 
AI aD orpnizldoa devoIed 10 produciDa 
muaic:ala, die CIIIeIIIbIe .. 1imitIId to one 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

THEATER: Student-run undergraduate theater troupes serve 
the varied interests of perfonnance-oriented students by 
focusing on different aspects of the theater 

show per year. 
"Musicals just innately COlt more," 

lannke said. "We only do musicala, and 
since we only do one production a year, we 
really try to do it big." 

Jannke said she is interested in seeing 
the ensemble begin to take part in other 
activities along with the annual performance, 
perhaps starting next year. 

"It's a lot of work, but it's also a lot of 
fun, and I'd like to do some more," llid 
Jannke. "If nothing else, just performing in 
the [Muir] Quad or something, and living 
more people more chances to show tbeir 
stuff." 

Joseph and 1M AIIf4IZiII, TecJuUcoior 

DonIInIc Lallllll/GuMIM 
in the GuardiDtI, performed the musical 
Littk Shop of Horrors Fall Quarter 1993. 

"I love musicals and it's really nice to 
see them on campus, because when I fmt 
got here, there weren't any," Jannke said. 

Warren Theatre Guild, though stylisti-
cally different from the other theater 
troupes, occasionally plans activities with 
the Jobn Muir Troupe for fun and frater-
nity. 

The Guild wu established in Fall of 
1992 by Warren sophomore Michael Oilles, 
who said he felt the thester on campus wu 
too excluaive and wanted to create a theater 
troupe thstwas specifically targeted at War-
ren College studenta. It is run by a board of 

Dreameoat is the 
Ensemble's third produc-
tion, preceded by PippUI and 
Itlto 1M Woods. JosqIt, by 

An~ Uoyd Webber and 
Tim Rice, wu shown on 

GUARDIAN aovernors, made up of aopbomoreaAlyuaMuUen, 
Drew OIappell and Justin 
Eick. FERTmS Unlike otber under-

April 8 and 9. The colorful, bible-baaed 
muai<:al comedy featured a cast of 18 and 
played to a near sell-out crowd. AI • result 
of the large amount of pqwiltion required 10 
produce themuaical, rebaraalabepninJanu-
uy. 

"It's hard becauae we hive IDClk:rlDocbcir 
peopIe'slCbedules," said Jaaab. "Some are 
in other productioaa or doiDa 011.-..... ., 
we have a loaF' rebeanaI period. " 

Ute IIlOIt other uaderJnduaIe theater 
troupes, the cast for the Muir Muaical Bo-
ICIIIlble productioaa is cboIen by aaditioa.. 
Caatiaa decllioaa an made by the dincfur, 
tbe _iatant diJedor, die muaica1 dincIOr 
and the cboreopapber. 

Juab said abe is pleased by the Dew 
arowtb oflCUdeat-tall theater JI'OUPIt ...,.. 
c:ially 'I1Ie Play.., ••• ...", .. wide tIM-
ater poup wbicb also prll.1II ...... 
1'IIePlaytn. wbicb .... profIW ........ 

paduate troupes, which pri-
marily focus on stage productions, the Guild 
is more of a social group, plannina movie 
niabta, pizza parties, theater pmes, atreet 
performances, group meetinp and ocher 
activities. 

A10na with actors, the pild features 
1DIIidana. danc:ers, fire-eaten, juglera, 
atap-fiabten, fencen,comecti8M, mlllical 
COIIIpOIeII, sin&en and playwrlahta. 

"We make a special attempt 10 expIon 
die different upec:ta of pelformiJl&, aDd we 
aIao try to Ieac::b them 10 oIber 0uUd mem-
ben," Bict IIid.. 

AccontiDa to a.appe1I, ...... 1Dcorpon-
Iioa of oCbet typeI of pedal ..... is • 
c:baDp of pace from lase year, wbeD die 
pilei focuaecl priIurilJ OD ........ n. 
pilei 0CCMi0aaUy boIda WOIbbopI for hi 
........,. OIl topica -=It.1DfIIc. ~ 
.. ....... combM. M ..... II .. lIopealO 
all UCSD IIUdeata, but few .... 10 col-

lloacIay, April 4, 19M 

leges other than Warren. 
The Guild is an Associated Students 

organization and receives the bulk of its 
fuodina from the A.S. However, Warren 
College Student Council (WCSC), Warren 
Residential Life Office and Programming 
at Warren (P .A. W.) also help the Guild with 
fund-raisers and promotions. 

"Without [WCSC and P.A.W.], the 
Warren Theatre Guild would have a hard 
time existing. These people continually sup-
port us monetarily, through advertising, 
giving us rooms [in which] to perform and 
verbally encouraging us," Eick said. 

In exchange for support, the Guild often 
works with the Warren staff and Resident 
Advisors to organize student activities. The 
Guild has performed for dinner theater, on 
Coffeehouse nights and has created a 
haunted house. In the last two years, it 
performed one-act plays and various scenes 
from plays at the Warren Parents Weekend. 
The Guild is planning another dinner the-
ater and a night of multicultural perfor-
mances on May 27. 

"Basically, our role is to draw attention 
to the Warren campus, specifically the 
Warren campus housing, so that there will 
be activity in the housing areas and people 
will be interested in what's going on there," 
said Chappell. 

"We believe that performance should be 
entertaining in two ways: performance 
should be entertaining for the performer 
and the performance should be entertaining 
for the audiencc. If one or the other is 
missing, the performance lacks value," Eick 
added. 

The newest troupe at UCSD, the Next 
Stage, emphasizes more oppottunities for 
women and minorities in theater. The lead-
ing members are Marshall College juniors 
Angela Calmon and Renae Stone, Muir 
junior Kathryn Ricci and Marshall senior 
Judy Coot. 

"What we wanted to do is involve women 
who wanted careers in professional theater, 
in all the upccts of production, as produc-
en, directors, writen, designers and actors. 
It wasn't just 'Let's create more female 
roles in a play. ' We created roIa for females 
in all upecIII of theater," said Calmon. The 
Next Stage a1ao stronsIy CIlCOUI'IFI DOIl-
traditional casting,1CCOf'ding to CaImon. 

"We really try to go out of our way to 
pick productions that could be ethnically 
diverse, even if they weren't meant to be 
diverse in the first place - to cast on 
ability, not color," she said. 

Lite the Warren Theatre Guild, '!be Next 
Stage is an A.S. organization, but did not 
receive fundiaa in time for ita fint perfor-
mance. The money for ita premiere produc-
tion, held last JanulO', came from fund-
raising activities, and cast membcra were 
reaponaible for obtaining their own COl-
tumes. 

The production ofS"ge Door featured a 
cast of 2S and was bold free of c:barp at the 
PriceCenter. A10118witbanAlrican-Ameri-
can male lead, 18 of the roles in this 194Oa-
era play were female. 'Ibouab die audience 
turn-out WM disappointing. Calmon llid 
abe ..... pleased overall. 

"Our main objective with S"ge Door 
WM just 10 ... aomedaiaa out 10 prove we 
c:ould do it, lad 10 have • pod time with it, 
aacI we accompIiabed oar objectivo," laid 
CaImoD. 
. Two ...... .." !be Nat sc.pl*cwuIed 
For All GIr&. • fbIioo of poeIIy, .. aad 
dIDce ....... aIl ...... CIIl 

C.u 1M foIIIIwUtI ~ for 
fiu'dw, 1II/onIMIIIM: MIIlr M..., Ell-
,.",.: ,.",..1 .... SJI-W9. I. 
""" ",..". 2'roIp: C",." .... SJI-
2402. 1V.,.,.,. 71eNfN 0l1li4: AitMww 
C"."".U 6".1)411 . .,.,.. NatS.,.:,.". 
A.S. e>rta1M1ItM O/Ib: M.1lbo« .-J2. 

MODuy, May 9, 1994 

FORUM: Cox 
says P.E. is not a 
priority for students 
ContInued from .... 1 
preventive medicine." 

Cox, however, contended that 
students tend to focus on more 
intellectual pursuits. "Students 
come to UCSD to study things like 
art, physics or literature; they don't 
come here to study P .E," he said. 

Student opinion is mixed on 
the proposed disestablishment. 
Anthony Lang, a Marshall Col-
lege sophomore who is presently 
enrolled in one of Machado's vol-
leyball classes, said he feels the 
P.E. courses are a vital aspect of 
his education at UCSD. 

"P.E. keeps people going be-
cause it's a great stress reliever," 
Lang said. "It helps you to learn 
the importance of discipline and 
hard work." 

Because the P.E. Department 
is presently funded out of the aca-
demic budget, some scbool offi-
cials said they believe that aca-
demic courses must be assigned 
higher priority. 

"Since we've run out of aca-
demic dollars, it is either the P.E. 
dollars that are sacrificed, or some-
body else's dollars on the aca-
demic side," Cox said. 

Of the $2.56 million 1992-93 
UCSD academic budget, approxi-
mately $300,000 was allotted to 
theP.E. Department. This amounts 
to little over one-tenth of one per-
cent of UCSD's total academic 
budget. 

According to Machado, "[P.E.] 
is the best deal on campus." 

The P.E. Department is com-

Siladium 
College 
Rings 
ONE PRICE 

posed of two fully-tenured and six 
non-tenured staff members. In the 
event tbe department is 
disestablished, the fully-tenured 
employees will be transferred to 
another department, where they 
will work until they retire. The 
non-tenured staff members will 
only work until their contracts 
expire, which will occur within 
several years. 

Underthecurrentproposal,P.E. 
Department courses would be 
handed over to Student Affairs. 
The new program would either be 
funded on a "pay to play" basis, or 
by an across-the-board increase in 
the Recreation Fee. 

John Pei, a second-year 
Marshall College Urban Studies 
and Planning major who has taken 
P.E. classes in the past, said he 
would still participate in P.E. 
courses even if they were offered 
on a "pay to play" basis. He added, 
however, that others may not have 
extra money to spend on such 
classes. 

"I can understand that for 
people receiving grants or finan-
cial aid, [the proposed system) 
could really hurt them," Pei said. 

Vandergriend said that because 
the university will not be able to 
charge students very much for the 
P.E. classes it would offer under 
the proposed system, the instruc-
tors will be paid low salaries and 
receive no benefits. 
- "There will be a revolving door 
if it's 'pay to play,''' said 
Vandergriend. "Instructors will 
have DO allegiance to UCSD." 

Despite the recent budget 
crunches across the UC system, 
certain P.E. Department staff 
members said they believe the 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

• 
movement for disestablisbment 
was initiated eight or nine years 
ago. 

Vandergriend said the univer-
sity chose not to refill positions 
left by retiring P.E. instructors even 
though financial problems were 
not as severe. 

"Departments politically sjron-
ger than ours were able to get 
FTEs [Full Time Equivalent 
people], but we were not," said 
Vandergriend. 

Gradually, the P.E. department 
dwindled in size, its budget plum-
meting from $1.6 million to 
$300,000 in about seven years. 

"We bave suffered six or seven 
times as much as other depart-
ments," Machado said. "The P.E. 
Department is lean and mean. 
We've been cut to the bone." 

Under its current budget, the 
P.E. department offers 100 classes 
a year accommodating 3,000 stu-
dents - about one of every six 
UCSD students. 

Vandergriend said he was skep-
tical that the P.E. Department can 
be saved. 

"We are going to give it our 
best shot. The students have man-
dated that they want a quality edu-
cational .program in all areas at 
UCSD," Vandergriend said. 

After Monday's forum, tbe 
Academic Senate will draft a rec-
ommendation which it will present 
to the Representative Assembly 
on May 24. 

Although the advice of the 
Academic Senate is expected to 
carry great weight, the ultimate 
fate of the P.E. Department rests 
with UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson and UC President Jack 
Peltason. 

May 10th • 12th 
10:00AM • 2:00PM 

atlhl 
UCID Bookstole 

534-READ 

. .... 

NEWS 9 

~~~~ 
OPTOMETRY 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
~---------T----------
"2" PAIR I DISPOSABLE 
CONTACTS I CONTACTS $55*: tfr;:~) $69* 

I 
.... __ ~~l:: :'NSl5_~~.1.. ___ .:...s£~ ~~E:: E~.:. 

EXPIRES 7/1/94 UTe (NEXT TO NORDSTROM) 455 -1052 

VISIONS OF POWER 
IN THE POLITICS OF 

RACE, GENDER, 
AND RELIGION 



10 NEWS 

PROTEST: 
c. 11 11111 ......... 1. 
cordiaa to Juarez. the defacement 
of the CW Caf6 and the invalida-
tioa vi the AS. eIec:tb. shaw that 
people ,.. c.re about academics" 
.. II1II ada c:wnpus iIauea. 

Bnmmer alluded to "racially-
ItiOCivated reuona for the A.S. 

elections being invalidated." On 
the list of demands preaonted to 
the chancellor, the students uked 
for the reinstatement of Ponc~ 
Guevara, Jennie Craig and NlOIDi 
Falk, claiminl that the three had 
been "found pilty ofbeq sympa-
thetic to studeols of color issues. " 

The A.S. Judicial Board re-
moved Crail and Falk from office 

"When t see IIlter, 
it really tnggers me, 

Why arool more 
people waking up?" 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

• 
lut week after they were found 
guilty of election violations. 

Other students were upset over 
the recent rc-vote that left incum· 
bent A.S. President Carla Tesak 
victorious over Guevara, wbowoo 
the first election by five votes. 

"I'm jUII mad .• think Poncho 
wu AS. president," said Fifth 
Collese senior Maria CarriUo. 

"The poet was' his and they just 
invalidated it. • think that's em-
barrassing .•.. " 

The students' list of demands 
also called for Owtcellor Richard 
AIkinIon to fonnaUy denounce the 
defacement of the CW Caf6 and to 
auarantce a atrategy that will at-
tnct and retain studenta, staff and 
f8CUlty of color at UCSD. The liat 

"I used to feel weird 

Moaclay, May 9, 1994 

wu siJDed "students of color and 
concerned and informed students 
ofUCSD." 

The letter wu received by As-
sociate Oaancellor Tracy Strong, 
who said he would deliver it to 
Oaancellor Atkinson. Strong said 
that the Croaa-Cultural Center 
Task Force would produce a re-
port within a couple of weeks. 

because I was into recycling, 

.f: 

., 

With the Card 
you get lots of great 
offers So you can 

save on IIle's 
necessities 
like a beach 

hatlrom 
J Crew" 

"I love the 
travel cer" 

tiftC8leS. 
MaybeneKt 

yeall'li use 
them to study 

the effect 01 
graphite wax 
on my skis: 

Now I'd feel weird if I wasn't ., 

I'm interested in shoreline ecosystems - beach preservation. oil spills. things like that. But until I 
got an American Expresg9 Card. flying to a faraway beach on my budget was impossible. Now 
I can spend my vacation with blue cx;ean water lapping at my toes. The Continental Airlines 
certificates I got with the Card make It easier to afford. And I like 
the fact that, with American Express. I have to pay it all back at 
the end of the month, The last thing I need is to pile up debt 

right f'rC'ffl. I guess you could say I'm reaDy into conserving precious 
resources. Including my money. 

Moada)', May 9, 1994 

PROVOSTS: 
ContInued from .... 1. 
The seminar system has been used 
II a model for other such pr0-
grams nationwide, according to 
Political Science Professor Sam 
KcmcU, tbec::bairofWanen CoUe.'. 
provOIIlClec:tioo aIIJlIDittee. 

ACXlOrding to Kernell, Wonl 
also initiated the Warren Collele 
Academic IDternship propam, 
which is available to atudents cam-
pus-wide. 

Woaa said he plans to stay at 
UCSD because he feels an attach-
ment to the school. ". have wit-
neased the entire hiatory of this 
campus," he said. 

Like Wong, Lyon has been an 
intepal member of the UCSD fac-
ulty, serving as a German litera-
ture professor since 1974 and win-
ning the distinguished teaching 
award in 1980. Lyon said his deci-
sion to move to Brigham Young 
was influenced both by a teaching 
position he WII offered and per-
sonal reasons. 

"Some people lilted me if [the 
move] WII a step up or a lateral 
transfer. It's a step up, back to 
[full-time] teaching," Lyon said. 

Because of the early retirement 
program, Lyon said he was of-
fered a retirement package that 
was better than any he could get at 
UCSD in the next 11 years. 

As the founding provost of Fifth 
College, Lyon said he has watched 
the college's original goals be-
come reality. "The Making of the 
Modem World, the centerpiece of 
our curriculum, is firmly en-
trenched and already institution· 
alized at UCSD," he said. 

According to Lyon, the goals 
of "emphasizing global thinking, 
cross-cultural thinking and cross-
disciplinary thinking" have almost 
been reached, as evidenced by the 
large number of Fifth students who 
study abroad every year. 

Lyon said such goals are par-
ticularly important to modem s0-
ciety. "I believe very firmly that in 
our world today one of the most 
serious problems is ethnic and 
nationalist tensions, essentially a 
form of ethnocentrism, that have 
growa stronaer in the lilt decade," 
he said, addinJ that education will 
help reduce those tensions. 

Reaardiaa the new nllllC so-
lectedforFifth CoUep-EIeanor 
Roo.evelt- Lyoo said he could 
tbiDt of DO ODe who had pvea 
more 10 lntemational relalioaa. 
"Tbore WIt DOt aaotber penoo oa 
that Iist(ofcaadid."" for the ... 
cb .... ) who bid 10. much per-
IOIW iDvolvement, " he said. 

Lyon said if not for the per-
IOnal and financial reuona, he 
would have stayed at UCSD. "I 
really like this campus. I'm DOl 
leaviD& because .'m UDiulppy .... 
But Fifth CoUep will SO on very 
nicely without me," be said. . 

Revelle Collep ProvoIt Ta. 
Boad, who is on the COIIUDittee to 
seek • replacemeat for the Piftb 
Collep pIOVOII positioa. said the 
committee hopea to mab recom· 
meadatioas by euIy JUDe. Tbe 
applicatioD process b.. beeD 
cIoMd, aad thecommiaee is mew· 
ina into the iDtemews. 

KerneU IBid WaneD'S provoIt 
search committee will eonduct ill-
rerviews over the next two weeb. 
He said the committee, made up of 
two studenta, two .tatr IIIIIIIlben 
and three r.culty, IbouId forward 
its recoauaeadatiODl to tile vice 
cbaDceUor of academic aftlin 
IOIIlOtime 1bil1DOIltb. 

" 

The UCSD Guardian 

New Zealand 
Sponsored by the I!DOCA11ON AJaOAD PlOGIAII 

HURllrl 
DEADUNES 

SOON 

• Earn UC Qejja 
• Pioaocial Aid and 

SchoIatsbips available 
CIIooH ft'o-locfIIIoa III: 

Christchurch 
Dunedin 
Aucll/and 
Palmerston North 

.. , 

CaU 534-1123 or visit the ProgrtI_ AIInHuI O./lke 
at the Intemotional Center for more Information 
applied .. Dadili. MAY 13 

Do You GET ALONG WELL Wrm 
KANGAROOS 
& KOALAs? 

CONSIDER A YEAR 
DOWN UNDER 

with the UC Education Abroad PnJ&ram. in 
AustralJa for 1994 

HURRY'" DEADU~ES 
SOON 

CQJJ 534-1123 or vIstt the """N II' ~ 0J:Ik-III. /1IWnIatkmal CenIn' for - tn{omlatton 
_1 .............. '11 

YCII WIllI m .. _ ,a.fIDject.,. ilsbat wbra yw 
tin ilia. MIl liD )W'.,....., be.mial CIl illDil 

die .... iI' ... il'llpd ... we IIftItr'bIn in. 

La Jolla 
"';;i;,:j'Y7RM;) , 
,.Iflc .nch 

1134 Onet AVCIIUC 
,.13-115J 

NEWS 11 

Spend 1994 
in 

Latin 
America 
HURRYI 

DEADLINES SOON 

--, 
rr.C Wo' Brazil Chili U' • Costa Rlcl Mulco Eam UC credn, automatic scholarships, semesterlyear options. DeI"I.: .... t3 
OAP: CGItI Rica, EcaMar. ......... 1I.1Ico. Q111, 1rIII1 ... '" lit •• _II. Earn academic credit. summer, quarter, semesler, year options 

1mLCan Afford to 
Study Abroad 

,/ UCSD students currently abroad received more than $55.000 in EAP general/alumni scholarship 
assistance. (Awards ranged from $250-$3,000.) 
Additional scholarship funds assist minority 
students, 
Special EAP scholarships are available to students 
who study in the Pacific Rim region, 
Other scholarships offered by campus and 
community organizations are also available. 
Scholarships are available to students not currently 
on UC financial aid. 
UC financial aid applies while abroad, 
It's less.expensive to study on EAP in many 
countries than to study on a UC campus. 

Invest In your future. 
You canlt afford not to. 

ATI'ENTION 
GRADUATE STUDENTS: 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

WIU. BE HEw ON 

Date: Sunday. 11ft 12. 1993 
PLa: u~ Prict Center BaIJroom 
Tn: 12Noon 

PILD.. M.F.A.," t.e-__ conferred 

au ..... : u~ Prict Center Plata 

StucIncs who 111ft cOlllpleted all.~tI by FritIIy, haw 1. 
IIId m cliphle (0 particlfIetc IhouId contaC( OGSIlat 14J4J6. 
Connel die 1Ioabt0l't for cap .. pII mals at t 4m3 or 144568, 

.. 

- :, 



12 CALENDAR 

• .." "'*' 
.... m. ... :3Op.m. MaI\.·TIua., "'m.-3p.m. Fri. - TheOA. 
.. ~ ........ prowIdee~ 
....... to ..... "'- ...... IM-
QUIP II nell Englilllnlto ... CIcinO WDIII 
In Frend!. Gemwo, 11811en. FUeIen. ap.n. 
l1li, nI v.-. " cIIIIgr-* _ on 
...... EngIIeh lIavllilMlle on requIII. c.I 

~2284 for melf. Info<matlon. Student 
C-, Bldg. 1\.1214. 
• la.m.-4:3Op.m .. Mon.,TIw,. ., Ia .m.· 
Ip.m., Frt. - The 0As. ...... ' w... 
"" WorbIIop prOYtdII .... IndMcaIeI nI group COi ..... 1CM 10 ... __ will 
writing proj«W. SWN aIec>..,. INe word 
pr-.Ing faciIIIIee and compuI8f .... 
_ . Stop by 'II:IrII H.- '4070 or c.II ~ 
7344 to ICheduIe Wllt)poll lin_it 
.... m. ... :3Op.m. Mon.,TIua .. "'m.·lp.m. 
Frt.- LlllOASIaaMlr ... ....,--0-
... help you .. quertIr will time ~ 
rnem. noIelaklng and editing, I.xtbook 
-'YIiI, "*""'Y, ~ ~ 

~ de\*'P'.'" 8nd MEl\.SATI 
MCAT.,... oOh.,."IIIOn. 8eDp by 'II:IrII 
H.- 4010 or ... 534-734410 .. up. per. 
..... It)poIIllli .It Alec, atay on Ihe iod<. 
out lor It-. valuable OASIS Study SIdIIa 
WOIIcahope and Ihe ORE WMlcend $pe-
a.. 
• "'m."':30 p.rn. Mon.·Frt.- The 0ASIa 
...... c.ne.r lIa INeMNlcator .. ucso 
1IUdInIa. We oller one 10 one writing con-
___ lor enylypeolwrlling ~ 
demIc: PI'I*1', pwIONIi _i_, ..... 
IIcrtee and poema. Our aid oIlrained t.n-

~ CM help ~ beCOme. men 
....... wriIw. c.I 534-22&6 10 .... Wl 

~ or drop by our cIIIce In the old 
Sludenlcar.r, 8u11c11ng1\. r~ 214. 

Monciey. "'Jlg 
• 1000m. - 'nwMIIr,lll.-y ......... 
- Convn. 01 Mar8IIaII College _ at 
0-.'. CcnIeNnce 1m. lithe AdmIn. BuIldIng. {IoIee/iI)') 

L~C~S 
WMdity. May' 

• 8Lm.-5:3Op.m. - ~ y.,.,.,...~: The "'-
Iee.nd IIaaIly 0I1IGIIooI ............, - Forty yMIW after 
Ihe Uniled s... Supreme Court nAed on the landmark 
Btown v. 80atG uI EducaIicn.-e, wtidI ...... illegllllor 
IChooI dIIIr\c::Ia 10 ~ aIUdenII on the t.II 01 _ , 
iegIIIlChoIaIs 8nd expwIa wIII ___ aI UCSO 10 ........ 
howlhe ...... _ ~ ~ In America. Theaym-
paM.m will InducIe the PII1iCII*ion 01 tonner _ 01 
the NAACP 1egaI __ thad _1iWONed In ... BtownCMe, 
• MIl • ac:hcIars, ecIucIIIorw, and acIUeIltIigra In tdioDI 

~_. Prlcecar.ra.-n. 
• 2p.m. - Organic C'-'IIIry Beirinar: Dr. Laura 0.., 
Amf*I "'*-'dealt . • Amyt ....... and AnIiIIo-
nIIiIa: .... n.ra ..... 1or '*--" 3!500 Pacific Hal. 
• "".m. - ............ 1IIoIogy 01 CeII-CeII h ............. • 
- Dr. w.vr- I\. HendrIcIIacn, DepanmenI 01 IIIcc:IIemIIi Y 
and __ Blaphytlc:l, Heward H~ MadIcaIlrdIIA. 

~ l..abcnDIea, Columbia U.w.r.IIy. GarrenAudllo-
rIum, , I 0Ii ass. 

T_Y.MayIO 
• 'OiI.m. - . .................. _'- DIepenIon 
(MAD) ApproecfI to Ihe DeIennIrIdon of ...... omol.c .... 
tar 1Mructu,.." - Dr. Wayr,e A. HendrIcIcacn. ~ 01 
Bk>chemIIIry and loIoI..:ul ... Bicphytict. Heward Huw-
MedIcal InetituI, R_OO Labcratoriet, Columbia Univar· 
lily. 2'02 Ur..,. Hall (Ur.y Room). 
• 3p.m. - The Program In Middle Eat St~ 1"_ 
Prolenor R ..... E. Dum, ~ of History, San o;.gc 
Stale Univ.,.iIy. "Ibn llettutall .ndlhe I_I Jell 
MarUI In \lie 14111 Century." Humaniliet IIIld Social Scl· 
encet Building, Room 7077, Joeeph R. Guefleld Seminar 
Room. 
• 4p m. - "Structure .nd ActIon of 'rcleln FRtor. tIiet 
An.ct Cella" - Dr. Weyr,e A. MendricI<lCn. ~ of 
Bicct>.millry and Molecular Blophytlct. How.rd Hug.,.. 
Medical Intiitul. R .... roo Labere""in, Columbia Univar· 
lily. Garren Auditorium, "06 BSB. 
• 5:3(). 7:30p.m. - 'prtYacy, Freedom oIlnfonMtIon, and 
T_noIogy" - Jonathan Grudin, o.p.tment oIlnforma.. 
lion and COmputer Sclence. University of Call1omia. Irvine. 
Applied Phylics & MaIhernaIic:a Buildng. Room 4301 . 
• 8:~.m. - In retpOnM to r ....... IeriIione on ~, 
the Union 01 J,wl.h Ob."vanc. (UJO) pr ... nl. 
· Antlaemlllam: WIly AMya U.?" aledure giw by RabbI 
Min the 8erI< ...... Room. Call Chal PoInt al !l34-e244 for 
detalli. 

~Afayll 
• 3-5p.m. - R_OO Seminar on MeJdcc IIIld U.S.·MexI· 
can ReIaIIona: ·ScIenw. TedIolOlogy, and Indu8IrIaI 0.-
... I .. melll: A Compal'lllYe ""'!yale 01 ... xJoo and lira-
all· - Car10e Quandt, urt.n and regional planning. UCLA, 
and \IIIiIlng R~ Fellow. Canter lor U.S.·MaxIcWl SIucI-
lee. Held II Iniemalicnal Cont.ence Canter CcnIarence 
Rccm, IneIIMe 0I1he ~ Complex. 
• 4p.m. - ·Two 1_ .. 1 SteHle,: 'Rey ... Tran-
ea1pIMeflomlloloney ........ ~YIrw·and~ 
.... 1'troeIne KInMe '""" \lie Hun-.lneulln ....,....~ 
- Dr. WI'fM A. ~, Depamwt of IIIccI*""*t 
_ ,..,....... 1IIcpIIyeIc:I. Heward HugIIeI MedIcaIlneIIUe 

~ I..IIIICi ."Iee, ColumbIa UniYIrIIIy. Garren AudIID-
rIum, 1I01i BSB. 
.1Ip.m.-"TIIe eeoIotr ofC-p I._an· -A Iec:Ue by 
Peg SywIwon. UWIIIft ~ InCSB 004. Spor-.cI 
by SCANS and \lie ~ Sc:Ier.-~ 

TIiInoMy. IMry 12 
• 2p.m. - .AcItIY8IIoII of , HItIroCrI_rIC Q-f'roIeIII 
........ n. TranadIIaIn oCIDP .... oCITP'y a.n,1 • 
• 1.· - Prof. JoMph Noel, Salk I ....... CMO I.acUe 
Hall • 
• 1p.m.-AMIenI ........ ~ ......... - SEAC 
II P'-*'Ia IeC:Iure _ elide ehow aboutlhe ~ 
lion 01.,. Haecluu_. FONIIIn Humboldt County. LocaIIon 
TBA. call ~71108 for maN ~lbllilillon. . 
• 7:30p.m. - ....... "...., one of LIIIIn America'. '""" 
ceIebr-.cI ...... and the auIhor 01 .... 1i.,lIfIIoiiAI t.II 
..... , wI_ ~ Plarwrtllng.'1M* Iedure aporwnd 
t" n. FrtencIe 01 the UCSO lbary. MandaI ....... Fonm. 
AdtnIIIIDn 11111 tor FrtencIe 0I1he UCSD lJInry. 12O gin-
.... nll6lor 1IUdanIa. For mcnlrilolmllllon ... ~2133. F-. May 13 
• "".m. - 8peciIIIlrfOIIIIIIc CNmiIIry s.mn.: CandidIII 

tor~ Pi 01 ••• ilNp In InorgMIc CIwnII*y, Dr. ~ 
C.I. ·C.t.lyl. "atluotlofl: 'ro. Tran"'lon ..... 1 
................ ............... ........... 4100 Pdc 
Hall. 

I-EAL ~ MD r=tThESS 
QI-goiItft 

. - 1IprtngIIma lI .... and W • .....,.eul-. PITITOP 

.. tIIW WOU. FREE __ III i •• nI. ~ puI' 
__ .....-.......... toran 'I I.,_an" 
--' IIaar 01 8IudanI ....,....,. {WwIIIJI) 

The UCSD Gurdiu 

The Weekly Calendar 
Maday, .y9, 1994 

... ';;May" 
.11am. - ...... a-............ -ltWlIIIIIIn 
.. _aIiIIt. b yau lIIanidar. c... 8IMa8 ear. 

1JIIndItI MIy ,~ 
.11&11\·- .................. ~'-" 

~. __ ... grt)aIh ....... n .. 
1InIHn ...... c:.-O'W' 
.1P.m.- ............... .., ........ 
or o.t. ......... ' Ilia. - INhIIIIII 
IIIPId In an ......... and how to III'IPIN . 
c-c..r. 
.2:~m.-..... ~ ....... 
....... ___ -AUC8Dtrr:UIy,... .. 
cllllullUti ..... c...c.... 

FnIMr. AMy" 
• 12:IIIp.m. - ",.lllIan ..... : ..... 
_ LIIIIrI and ...,. - NI ad\/IIor 
wII dIacue crIIIcaI ..... 01 the apple:-.. 

1Ion~. c-CartIer. 
s..a.y.AMy14 

.... m.-3p.m. - ... .,.. Your C-

......... -..yaIoW .... ,---, 
~1AIIIIy and IIdII nI *-'" _ 
apIIorw I11III mWtI be • It. A fun, InIarac:IIw 
warIcIIIap. ear.. 8aMcIa. 110.00. 

~GRCLPS 
~ 

.-.......... CouMaIorI ~ 
by PsydI. 8aMcIa) - Need a conIdenIIaI, 
trIandIy _ to 1iIIIn? w. '-.... -In IIoure 
or CIIII tor ippCIitlimll •• 1he woman'. ,. 
ecutCI CartIer. 

AblcMy.Mlyg 
• IHOI.m. - IAtInoI\.IIIna, CNaano.' 
CtilDMlIuppoft Qroup-~ Dan 
Munoz & RaIaII c.u. RIYeIII "'-'. 
BuIldIng. ~. 

. • 11am.·lap.m.,I-3p.m.-__ ' ..... 
c.. ........ 0lIIOI HourI, woman', ,. 
ecutCI CartIer. {wNIdyJ 
• 3-4p.m. - ~ CttIIdNn 01 ~ 
...·12 ......... -ComIDII and ~ 

Photo by JIIOII Ritdtle/G_nIiM pori lor 110M who gNW up In an alcoholic 
IaN, trw, oaniidallllll, drop In eny time. 
~7IiIndity 

• Mon.tWad .• 1'·I' :5OLm & 1.1 :5Op.m.; Tuaa./ThuIL. 12-
12:5Op.m. - ...... -A __ ...... P"9I'fiaporllCnd 
by SlucIenI HaeIIti ~ (SHAj. 011 In ...... autn-
mart BrIng yaIoW fttendal Fun, ...... & .... , .... II .. 
SUn God. BegIrw ~. AprIl II, MIl" aprtng~. 
For Info . ... 534-3874. ('II!IMIy) 
• Mon., 2p.m.; TUII., 'Oa.m. & 'p.m.; Wed., IILrn.& Ip.m.; 
lluI., 'Oa.m. & 'p.m. - UCID'I ....... '. CIInIe .... 
..... "-"IId,..,...,.... ...... door! W.oIIer. 
Wonwi·. SaocuaI ...., InIo s-m ..... topIc:I ....... 
paMc 1ICMi, Ihe pi, ..- l1li-. STDIi ancImoN .. 
diacuiteed. We alec> '- Wl .. t.rnaIe ..... iii-'" 0IIarad 
weaIdy II'" ...., Ed. Am., 2nd IIoor 01 SHS. 
CLLBS MJ) ~~TNGS. 

AbIcMy. May g 
• 3:30p.m. -IaweP.L ..... ~..,PIIy"-S-.. 
ucso ~ Eductlion DaparIrnanI. CrucIal niIIIIng with 
Ihe s.n. Ccuncilal WlH 2001 . 0u8IIcIN? call 534-, .7. 
• 5p. m. - ... CIInt EnvIronmel/lll Adon CoII"1On (RAe) ....... In lheold 8IudarI c-...,.,.Ihe Food ~ 
OIl. CI--'.-..torI, .WIiO.i"'educIIIon. ~ 
• 8-7p.m. - W_'I A_ CatMr ........ -Come ___ ...... abouII,.,..,... ............. ~ 
,... wanted. WAC, next 10 SolI R __ . {IoIee/iI)') 
.e:3Op.m. - l-Club......".1IiCI KIjIIan ,.,..."...., 
A repr...utNe will be t.-,Io r;.. ~ ..... " .. Io" about ...... 

gramt.uIIed for Ioreign 11UdanIIr. Free ttuII will boi r;.. away1 
Int""- CertIer. 
• 7p.m. - Circle K IntemeIIonel ..... ng. - Held at Gal-
Iery B in Ihe Price CenIw. (MeIdyI 
• 7p.m. - ~n Gay 11 .. _1 Alia ol.tlon General 
u ... lMMing. Women'. Reaourcec.r-. Come out and 
~ InvcIYed. (WHIdy) 
• 8:'5-9:3Op.m. - Narcotic. AnoriY-... - m. I •• 
'cicHd" ~ng for adcIIcIa IIIld thoII who think IItey """ I 
problem only. Lileralln IIUdy at Women'. Raeource CIrMr 
(both men and ......... weicome). Cal! 58G-'.'. ~18 
lor mora info. (wHk1y) 

T_y.AfayIO 
.12p.m. - AA ..... ng - Room 1201, IIicIcgy building III 
IolUIR carnpue. (wHk1y) 
• 3:30p.m. - T1Nd 01 running alone? Come join Ihe I0OIII 
Running Club. T.-y IIIld ThIndey 113:3Op.m. and Sun-

. dayal , OiI.m. AlI ........ w.Ioome. Meltillhe Sun God. F,.... 
Call JceIiua Mllnick 487·5020 lor men Info. (WeeIdy) 
• 5-ep.m. - Get Inv~ wttII cuttural._ ....... nd 
u ..... ratandlngl R_I .. ·• Cultural Aw ........ Nelwcrk 
(CAN) m .... w .. kly, .t Rav.lI. Commuter Lounge. 
r-Iy) 

~,""'" 
• 5-1Ip.m. - SATCH (IIUdanI8 AcIIw T __ Comrnu-
nIIy HeItIIti) Clull Ii1IIIInI - GuaIIIpaIker, SIndra I<Irk 
fnlm UCSO MedIcal SdiocI. Price c.r..... 0eIie/R ...... 
Room. Everyone weIoameI 
• 5:30p.m. -~ Club iIIIIIInI- Uka playing in 
_ '._idariIIid? Join oIMr .......... tor hIIdng, bade· 
pac:Idng, rncuntIin bIItIng. rock oIImIIIng. and i!IOI'II .... on 
Ihe ......, by .. Old 9Iudant CenIar. {IoIee/iI)') 
• 8:15p.m. - .......... ----. .T __ .... · 
Ing club for Iingia, p:cI I ... non-""""', meaIa 11_ 

~.-..... 704O"'_Road~I __ 8nd 
1-'5) In Ihe GoldIn TrWtgIe .... For Info. pIeeII c.II171-
eol Z. (WIeldy) 
• 8:3Op.m. -MwIMIy ............... UCID-TheWOlld 
II a lorry phIce for ....., "-* ....... tile .. BIrMIIy Am .. 
Price CIr*r. c.I s.r.Ii III5I-4Il22 b ...... 
• 7p.m. - /IwIIItIe ....... lor AIDI ... _ ..... 1AIAPt 
wtII _ In \lie PrIce c.r-. AIIC EDNA tor _ IOCIIon. 
..-JOIn 08. {WwIIIJI) 
• 7p.m. - LAaIIIan, ...... 0.-",,', ~ 
......... - Come III the Wonwi'a Raacurce c.. to 

~ IIiMIy dIacueaIon nI meal ~ WQi*I. {WwIIIJI) 
• 7p.m. - Open DlacitJulan'" Gar and ........... 
- ~ CertIer Bldg. lConI. Room. 8por-.d by L08A. 
{WwIIIJI) 
.ep.m. - HanIoora IIudMtt ...... Club ........ - AM 
.... and ...... 01 ___ ........... ........ .,..In ... 
MecIa CeriIar (hICC) Adela. {WwIIIJI) 

~AMy" 
• ap.m. - WIImn c--. C.in... DoaaWWtwn 
_'- _ ........ ?Yau ... ComIIIIIp .... 
cIda '-III epMd your money. ....... In ... WWtwn ec. 
IIgI ~ ActMIiaa CenIwr. CSAC. 8aacrIbe 10 ___ 
OOITWi"IUInOUCSO ~ ('II!IMIy) 

F-'AMyI3 
• 12p.m. - AA ....... - Aoon 12OI.1IoIo!w building • 
MUIR .... {WwIIIJI) 
.ep.m. - ... c-.... - The 80cIIIy 01 Wart..'i En-
gIr..-. II .......... .,...,..11 '''''',In ,...,. .. 
..... ('131). Come ..... yaIoW_-" 
.,:3Op.m.- ........ La ........... .,.._ .. ~ .. 
CII* - FoocIII pnMdId, but ___ 1IrIttg yaIoW DMi ..... 
CaIpoaIIng 11-.., ...... 1I ...... MIOt .. c..r. 
you need or CM r;.. • rIda. 

~May15 
• 8:30p.m. - AIpIia "" a-.. UCSD'S my CC«I .. IIanaI 8eNIOI F.-nIIy IrwIIw wou to _ willi _.~ .. 
about. We _ ~ 8undIy In Sola 1111. Coma '-tun 
... ~bii'9 MNIca to our CIIf1IUI, c:ommunIIy and _ 
IonI {wNIdyJ 
E\,g.Jf'g MD ~lOJ 

.... ,s.u.y 
• WIIkIftI taura of \lie UCIO campua --.ctacI by \lie 
SlucIenI 0uINech and RecruIImanI 0tIIca (SOAR) AN .-
_ liable at I 1:00 AM McncIay ttwougIISaIunIay. The 110-
mlnula atucIant guIdad tour II deIIgnad to giw vialtcra • 
_ 01 the acadantlc 8nd eociaI "-01 UCIO'. undIer· 

~ coIIegII. Following Ihe lOUr pr~ ItiIder* 
.,. InvilacI to IIItand • ganarailiilollia\lon ...ron. The 
_hour praeanIIIIIon .......... Ihe dIfIer_ among 
UCSD'. five 00IIegea, wtiI .. aile -,ng adI'nIIIIon .. 
qul_ and IUppcrt aarvIc8 tor atudanIa. "-v. 
Ilona .,.. encouraged by calling 534-18315. VIaItora eIiouId 
_ 0IAIIde Ihe SOAR oIIIcI, ~ on \lie upper level 
0I1he StudInt c.nw, BuIlding '8.' 

~ 
.IZ·IIp.m. '-Carol JacqulIiInIpIrad t" 10M 0I1he __ 
prominent ..... 01 .. eity'. ~ to a.- ecutp. 
..... ~ 4 ..... 01 workI will boi IIIIMn from AprIl. 
May I , In '* IiIMIIIon "CenII ,...: __ w.rl,. in 
Ihe UriIIIer8iIy Art Gallery (fcrrnarty Ihe MandevIlle GaIIery). 
The public I. inviIId. 

T.-y.MayIO 
• Sp.m. - AS Film ...... : Jot Luck CIuII- Price Cant ... 
n-. AdmieeIon: $1 in ""' .... ; 1211 \lie door. For Info<· 
rtIIiIIon call 534-<43l1lI. 
.ep.m. - 1 ......... 1iibIo/Ex .... c-ta and ccmpact 
diac: ...... perIy, hakI at CRCA, building 401 UriIIIer8iIy 
CenIar, .... IIIld open Ie .. publiC. r-ty) 
• Sp.m. - International Style '11m FlltI.,.1 - ·Ur. 
No\NeiIe l1li.' ~ AudIIorIum. AdmIwicn: $8 generll, 
... 1IUdanIa. For InIormIIIon call &34-4010. 

w..tr.acIIiy. May II 
.ep.m. - lnIIraIimlllct/EXGlllng c-ta - RIcIpIIcn 
following, haId II CRCA, building 4011 U~ C-, .... 
and open 10 .. public. t-eI<Iy) 

Fttay. May 13 
• "'m. -l1am. - WIrran CcIaga ComInuIer 8tMIdaIt 
- A Iaety way 10 IIart yaIoW dayI Only eo. (cpIicnaI). 2nd 
IIaar WIrNn UIIIaft BuIldIng. ~ Room. "'-
c:onIact Nrry or JeII.1he ww..n DIM'a cIIIce lor men In-
1otmIIicn, 534-473I . 
.Z·4p.m. - ~ ___ DaMe Fun ........ apon-
eored by the BaIroom Dance CUI. InIonnIiI gaIharIng with 
rnueIc, dancing ....... F,.... Rae. gym cIawroom. (rrwIdy) 
• 7p.m. - CWO 'EcMaIonII" FIlm SerIal: T1tI UllIIII PWIIy 
..... - SoIII Hal '07 . 
.7-1p.m. -Operq ~lortwo""''' __ paInI· 
ingIln • u.w.rIIIy An GaIaIy IIIIiII*on IIIIIcI -ow..,. 
'""" Ihe GanIIn,. from May 131ito.igh June I Z. I .... Thr. 
..tiIJIIIon II \lie ....... In • ..n. 01 ..... IiMIIIonII 1ICIiIIIIIOnI..,.... ... __ oIMWg1ng _ "*"-
..... ~ In .. U.S. On ..... be paIrtIIrva t".,. 
IrII: UndaFa. ..... franC-c... AItrIOnI. andTrIne 
a.ntIIr fran 0.-, CaIorado. 
.8:3Op.m..lam. - ...... ,.,.... ....... Danw-1Ir\dga 
AlumnI Otgat 'E' I WIIOOtMI .. III ... .,.. ........ 
cIInoI, ... P\Ib. MtNwIon II ...... VIiIId "'1.0. 

...... 'of 
.lp.m.-La ..... .,........, HIMy ..... to .. 

.,..~nI~-.--. ...,...on...,111 .. 
3p.m. AdntIwIon: .1, ....... 1I0.,;or ~ II ... 
... For ~Ib,,""" C1111534-M37. 

~AMy" 
• - "- ..... 01 uc.., .. olaNd -.y ....., .... 
&pmg t" ... UCID YIIIIID ................... _ .. 
............... andlNnlllurld¥c1 .... I'IIIdI,-..no 
II 3:00 PIlI fran .. 0IInW\ h ..... " ..... ~ WaIdng 
_.,..oIIIrwdan ____ ................ a:oo 
PIlI from .. 0ItnIn ........ A pollan 0I .. 1Iimed ... 
CoIIec:IIon 01 CUdoar IIUpIure II 1nciWId.1WwNtJi .. 1Our 
II ... , .... II ........ UC80 ,.,.. .... .... w-. • 
.,.. ~ andliWy be ....... by~ 1114-4414. 

CAREER SERVICES 
On ..... 

.-1mftOIt - .... Job...:tIIIIIp fran ..... 
IicnIIIn yaIoW .. __ t" _ ... PIck .... 
appICIIIon • c... 8aMoIa AaI. ....... 
•• :~:OO - ... - Cal, ~ liar? 'Jirl9lincl_ 

~iIanttIIoIi ....... to 1IIIp,.., ~,.. ......... 
nI ....... Frw _ inIII, _III ... C-.... 
CenIar. llo. 
.-......... a.. J .. ~ ..... ". ....... tor 
"",.... jaII..-chllf'l9Mlb .............. ... 
.....Jl.w1Oll. I'I1II-. ........... DON'T MIll OUT 
On"" ........ ,... jail...,. .... nllIIIIII 
.,..... __ .... 00iIIcI1aId III a JaIl. C-c.r.r. 
110.00. 

IMne "-". PrIce car.r. {WwIIIJI). 
.4:»6:3Op.m. - C-ClNund-Awaeldycartlldan-
l1li drajHn group 10 dIacue __ of __ orIanIIIIan. 8Iu-
.. 01 .. __ 0( ........ wIcoma. ......... "-". 
aeoond Iocr PrIce car.r. Led by ChIlI and NIwIcy. {wNIdyJ 

1Lwday. AMy '0 
.11:3IIa.m..12:3Op.m.; 1 ... :2Clp.m.-WoInIn ...... eoun-
...... oIIoe hoon, woman'. Raacurce c..r. (wNIdyJ 
• 12-1p.m. - For anr- ............ and body 
............. pIeeII __ 10 a paarocuwelor tor RED 

~ from EMIng ~ ~ their ,.. oIIoe 
IIOInI H&S8 20M. For 1rtID. c.II~. {WeMIJI) 

WP1" *" May 11 
• 12-1p.rn. - LMIIn, ........................ 

~WlllKInIIIII-"".~ "-I.II.IPPOI'-
Me ""Q Ii. " DtIlp by Wrnwi L.l _ 3250 or c.II 534-
Sl7ban ......... i •• ..., ....... ~CXUIIIIor. ~ 
• 12-1p.m. - Ovw,"" .-......- For "*' and 
WQi*I who _10 atDpllllng~. 9ludarttCan-
_ ConIonrtce Aoon Illy SolI ....... ). c.I Sally H. ~ 
12e3 lor men Ii iIo'nllflloi. {WwIIIJI) 
• 12-2p.m. - w.n-', .... C-""I cIIIce houra, 
w...-'. FI.......w car.r. {WwIIIJI) 
.7-1:3Op.m. -Ut ....... _ cae, ............... '. 
IIupport Graup - PI<MdIng a eupporIIve _ oOllll<l,,,lIai 
~ Mella WMIdy In Ihe SouIII ~ Rccm, 
SlucIenI CenIar BuIldIng B. Led by MIll M. and Jca6. 

7JxndIty. May 12 
• , Oa. m.. ' ap.in. - WorrIed aIIout your _ cIr\nkII9'4NI 
11M or_ of a frtenCIor""'_? Come _ to alNinecl 
p.-CIOUi"MIor-no ~ Ii ..... ii .... ' _ euppcrt.1vgo 
, 04. Revelle College. (WHIdy) 
• II :3Oa.m.·I23Dp.m.; 1.2p.m.; 22Q..4:2Clp.m. - w...-...... 

~ oIIca hoIn, Wonwi'. Raaoo.n. C-. {IoIee/iI)') 
• '2-l p.m. - GIro 1.aIIIIIn .......... IndMduII .... 
CcIunMIIng ... II1II - ....... alfJllllon? "-I. auppcrtIve 
I'i\IIto'inw'iI Otop by WWtwn Ul.1Idg. 3250 or C111534.:M7b 
......... i •• ...,.ilWnlClp.-OCUi8Ior. ~ 
• , :3C).3p.m. - Good QrtaI Group - Faa.. on .... of a 
loved oneand".9I" -ill coping ...... Led by Robk1 Reed-
SpauldIng. 534-3758. PIaaM c.II baI!n coming. {WeMIJI) 
• 23C).3:3Op.m. - For.",... .... willi .... and body 
IfIIage ...... pIeeII coma _10 • pall' ocuweIor for RED 

(~ fran EatIng DiIcIrIIn) ~ their ,.. ofIIcI 
hoonl Mass 2058. For Into. c.II 461-0158. {WeMIJI) 
• 4:3C).I5:3Op.m. - AduII CIIIIdrwn 01 Alooha.I' P..,.ohoo 
fAIu a.llonllllupport Group - CcnIIdanIaI eupport tor IIU-
__ who _10 axpIcn how grtIiiIiIng up with Wl aIcoIioIIc 
I*WfI _ .,...theIr adulllIvw. SeII-. IImIIy tlV-
namIcI, InIItnacy and aIccIIOIiIm wII be CCMNd. L8d by 
Nancy KIng and K.n CerrigIia. c.I 1534-30315 tor InIorme-
lion. Held II MounIaIn \/law LDunge. 
• 4:3IHp.m. - ........... and ..... WoInIn'I..,.. 
Group - PnwIdng • coo ... iIIII and eupportMe arMron-
mn. ..... -V ...... IIIIIne Rccm, 2nd Ioor 01 PrIce 
CeriIar. c.I 534-SI1Ior more Ii ..... nllflloi. ~ 
.15:3C).1p.m. - CIraduIIa cae, and __ ...... ... 
"" ..... -Come~ In llIIancIy8nd 001 ....... _ 
..... ....... waeIdy In "SouIIIConI. Am. 9ludarttCan-
_1IuIIdIng I . Led t" MIll K. and '-'. (rrwIdy) 

~AMy" 
.IILm.-2p.m. - __ ...... CounaaInI oIIoe houra, 
w...-', FI.......w car.r. {WwIIIJI) 
.,2-2p.m.-can. ...... ,._ ............... 
... _ ......... .-.1n ... andWlllxltting-. ... 
""CallglAaa. LJtAl.- .... ~OIIaa. ~ 
.11·1 :3Op.m. ,.,. • .... C •• ....., .... - Lad by 
__ .... , MourtII*I VIew I..ounga, cRpIn. 
.~m.-............ ·t , ..... car..,-LIdt" 
Dan ......... IIPIlCII ........ '_ .. AMII~ .. 
.~.m. -c:..,. ... "'"--Ledby ........... 
IM-OII2. MIMMI VIew ~ 

RELIGIOJS SERVICES 
.. 1111 O. AMy " 

.Ip.m. -...,..., .......... IIrWII~ .. UnMIIIlr 
~-M.,..~ LociIIan:~"""" 
CIudI, _ ....... fran ....... CGIIega. 
.7p.m. - MIl ........ t" .... NanIIi 01 ........ c.n. 

poe~. M.,.. ........ ~ ~ CttuIdi, 
_ ....... from """CaIIIge. 
.lp.m. - ..... CM • IDIifMM CItIrnIt 0IIIr UnIlW .... 
'IIIIIIi?" ........ t" c:..a ..... JaIin 1UIar. EwIy-
_wIcoma.l.ItWMIIr LIMiIrM Ctuai. _ ........ 
from ...-CoIIgL 
• .. .ap.m.-End,...., ............. UC8Dc.... 

III:~ It ..... 01 ...... ~~ 0tunIIi. _ ....... fran ....... CaIIaga, 
........,. 

• ~1"'m.. 1I,7,1p.1n. - ...... CIiIIDIIo ~ ~ I _ ....... UnMIIIIr a..a..nctlunili,_ 
....... fran ..... CaIIage. 
.1Q1IM\ P t 1 ....... ClplnIl~~ 

....,~OUIf\-............... CiIIIIIga 

.2p.m. -1IiICIItnII." .. ,CIwIII"LaIIIMIcr'" 
_.-,....., In 011 .... limn '1IInwW" DrW. 

....... l.!ar9, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

• 

Price Center 
PLACE 

May 10 and II, 8:00am - 4:00pm 
DATE It TIME 

INSTANT PRIZES: Enter to WIN 
A ·1--.coL1ECT · •.• 8IftCMIlnc.tes 

1994 JEEP WRANGLER! Iliaci '11 ~"idoIpII"".II.1 
·IIcoIeMII .. OrIgI ..... 

Jeep. ·...,ca .. , .... PI.,.,. 
Eagle 

\teok ~tl~ ~ U C 5 0 
. ~ Intramural Sports 

' . 

13 



14 SPORTS 

MARSHALL: 
Triton head coach 
moves on to Div. II 
Continued from .,... 20 
change, Marshall will, for the first 
time, be part of a conference: the 
high-powered California Collegiate 
Athletic Association (CCAA). 

The CCAA includes schools like 
UC Riverside, Cal State San Ber-
nardino and Cal State Dominguez 
Hills, not to mention two-time de-
fending national champion Cal State 
Bakersfield. " It is, if not the best, 
one of the premier Division II con-
ferences in the country," the coach 
said. 

Much like at UCSD. Marshall 
must revive a somewhat dormant 
program. The Broncos have been to 
the NCAA tournament three times, 

but not sinc:e Pomona went to the 
tourney after the 1975-76 season. 

Their previous experience con-
sisted of appearances in 1961-62 
and 1964-65. Last year the Broncos 
went 12-14 and failed to make the 
four-team conference tournament 
that determines which team ad-
vances to the postseason. 

Marshall sees similarities be-
tween his old and his new jobs. 
.. Pomona has a good academic repu-
tation and the people that I'll be 
working with are all class individu-
als," he said. 

That turned out to be the final 
selling point for Marshall, who has 
been offered other CGaching oppor-
tunities in the past. ") wouliln't1eave 
this class act for just anywhere," 
Marshall said. 

Marshall's successor has not been 
named yet, but the outgoing coach 

TheUCSDG ........ 

is lookiq at bilusiItaDt of 10 yean, 
Jack Shawcroft, u a poIIibility. "If 
he wants the job, I hope they give 
him a good look," Marshall said. 

There isn't much time for a lei-
surely transition of power at 
Pomona. 1be NCAA recruiting win-
dow closes at the end of this week, 
so Marshall heads north today in 
order to get a good start on next 
season. 

"My biggest obstacle at UCSD 
was the public perception that we 
couJdn ' t be successful and get tbe 
players we need. ) think all the 
coaches here go through that. But 
we proved that we can encourage 
good student athletes to come here," 
Marshall said. 

"We've put together a solid pro-
gram here. I've been really lucky 
with so many great times and people. 
It will be difficult to leave," he added. 

I SHOOT for GusnII&n PHOTO cMI Davut 634-66821 
{J~{J~ 
OPTOMETRY 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
---------T---------

SUNGlASSES I EVE EXAM "AND" 
SPECIAL I GLASSES 

$20 off* : $99~MPIBrE 
I 

·ANt 'AJR IN STOCK. I "SIIIGU VISION. Cll-39. st:l.ECT PIIAIIID. 
-------------------UTe (NEXTTONoR~~;[S 7/1/U 455.1052 

Moada,..lIay 9. 19M 

OPENS THIS FRIDAY AT 
THEATRES EVERYWHERE. 

Speed. Power. And more speed. That~ what the new Power MacinkJ5tr Is all about. It~ a Uke sta1istlcal analysis, multimedia, 3-D modeling and much 1JI(ft. So, what are )W 
Macintoslf with PowerPC" tec:hnokJgy. Which makes it an 
incredibly r~ penonaI computet And the possibilities are Th .. rH'W PO ..... /f'r ~"I( Il1to'.h trotn Appll' 

endless. Because now )OO'U haYe the power)W need for qIl-perforJnala ~6 allOllS 

waiting for? VIsit JOOf Apple Campus ReseIIer b more in-
rormatlon and see for)QllSelf. Now .6 

that Power Macintosh ~ here, ooIJeBe may I1ft"eI' be the SIIIIe. AR>le-
LJI S£~ 
' t(U)k'.Jf)fU UCSD Bookstore 

Computer Center 534~4291 

lload.,.. May 9. 19M The UCSD GaanIiaa SPORTS IS 

Join the 1994-1995 Guardian Staff 
P-' EdItorIId Po ....... Open: -Managing Editor/Production Manager 

-News Editor 
-Copy Editor 
-Sports Editor 

-Design Editor 
-Graphics Editor 

-Associate News Editor (2) 
-Associate Sports Editor 

-Photo Editor 
-Opinion Editor 

-Hiatus Editor 
-Associate Photo Editor 

....... ell .... oover 1etW, ..... NellI ... to: Eric SchmIdt No expertence nece_..., 
Call 534-6580 for more infonnation 
AppII-u.. due May 18 

~!~ Kound rable P'11Z8 
TUM ••• 

_. 1 • ., ....... 1 ." 
This gro,up ,." .... nll the finest UCSD hat In aporia that really 
don't mean much, on. and gof. Bath sports ON pretty much for 
those that aN overweight due 10 100 much beer drinking. The 
reaaon, chasing around a little wh .. ball with ~ttIe or no physiool 
exertion. But this dudes did It the best It oon be done at UCSD 
which .. lis you a lot about their Ilfwstyles The award thll w.1c II a 
couch for ..... DOkdou, 

TIr, UCSD GIUUYlitua 
9500 GI1mu Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9lO93 

'11111111111--'-' UMS I; toMt~ 
~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

~$129 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~$139 
specials indude lenses, 
t:'C kit and 

• I'IIscIIrnaNs IIUD 
• GI.usis IUUCATBI 
• CoIiIIu1I: m !lAMS 

• No ~ NICJSSAIY 
Sf ...... E .... 

••• 

1·.·CAR·FIXED 
(1-800~227-3493) 

Save Money On Car. Repairs 

110% OFF 
I all ~IIS· I 
I .... tIllS C.III.1 I 
I ..... ...., .... 1111 I 4630 u!_· B D· I ~ =.:. I Ifllll810n ay nve (1-5 to Balbo. Exit) 
I ,........ --. I 1I.,7...s:30,.. Sat . • ...s,. .. 1 ,IIH _ IIJ ,1110, 
L-' • . l.,k .. II1~ . 
............ ----------------~~--------------~~~ 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

S I." PIzza DIles 
I ........ 

$1." 1J.ez.-" 
' ........ 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 1~ 

WING NIGHT 
-"'" zflu 

$2 PINT NIGHT 
.... ',...111 d _ 

WEDNESDAY 
lLACKJRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
........ ", ... fDrSS 

($I .... UCID I») 
... $1 .... .., .... 

... , ..... .. 

." 



16CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\01 \~ 1-:'11 \I~ 
Traveling .0.1 thIe eu-' Get a 
HoIItIIIng ".,""" rnambeIWIIplO_ 
at _ 5,000 hotIaII ~. CII .. 
1811. (3I28-eI2) 
ATTNNmlTSlCANCOVERCCilliSl, 
WI_: 150.00 & artwork publilhed. 
IuIIIIIII: ... ~.-Ign, nohladlng. 
wIIh _, phone, addrwa. WheN: Cape 
offlc.-Q314. D ... lln.: May 20th. 
0uMII0na:""" (4/18-5118) 
1nIImaIIoI ... Pattnera Program 1 ..... 
W.n1O 1Mal1ore9111udan1s? SIgn up 10 
be In kltlmlllol ........ W.', "'*" you 
upw/llore91l1ud1n1a1your choIaICIUIIry. 
PIc:Ic up In l1li...... , at the I" ..... atlol ... 
CInNr. (W-eI12) 
CZECH IT OUT: AI 1nctueIYe_,..,. 
tOln aI the CHell RepublIc IIPIClaIy 
pIInnId farunMrllty ItudenIa. Fot Info. cal 
BII PoI-u.Trav.I. Min TIM CoolllI ...... 
583-0083 . .... 719. (519) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ApparaI Zone MIramar .... 450-3324 
BuIIIIo Exchange .... .. .. 273-6227 
FairrIIU'l .......... ........... 222-0220 

UCSD EATS a DRINKS 
BJ'I Pizza ................ . 455-0662 
DoIMIo'I ................... ... 452·UCSO 
Hlny's Cate, La Jolla .. . 454-7381 
Java HoUle ca.VInIt ..... 457.JAVA 
Just "-' Count .. ..... 587·1228 
Koala's FroZlln Yogurt . 452~4 
PapachIno'I, U Colony ...... 546-7866 

UCSDAUTO 
0YerIeaI Auto (MrII!W) . 69!t-1990 
Robert's, Mission Bay .. ... 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech .... . 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587·4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Creative Cuts ............... 530~ 
Young Altitudes ........... 457·3334 
We Care HaIr ............... 587-CUTT 

UCSD HEALTH • FITNESS 
Being Fit 0IIiIm0rt Sq . .. .. 483-9294 
Family Planning .......... . 535-1379 
Heme Care .. .. ............... 682·5252 
Dr. SIniofd, DDS ......... 558·3490 
Costa Verde DentiIIry .. 622· 1007 
European CycIery ........ 550-1355 

UClD OPTOMETRY 
CIaaiCaI Eye ............... 452·7374 
Dr. SeIbV, 0 .0 .............. 578-6788 
UClD ... 1C 
MusIc Tr..-, Minrnar 93-1. 

UClDTRAVEL 
CouncIl Trawl ....... ... .. 452-0630 

UClDCOPIEI 
Cai Copy, HolIday Ct ... 452·9848 
KInko'" U w.ge ........ 457-3775 
z.bra Copy .................. 457·1007 

UCID TEI11NI 
Hyper1MIring .... ........ ... 455-1000 
MCAT R8\IIeW .............. 458-8481 
Stanley Kaplan 1-800 KAP-TEST 
PrInceton Re\IIew ......... 558-0500 

UClDIEERI 
La JoIa Brwwtng Co ..... 458-BREW 
P. B. BrewhouIe .......... 274-ALES 

UClDIIC. 
Sl GIrmIIn' . ............ ... ~1414 
Bob DIYiI CImn ......... 458-7:& 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

CLASSIFIEDS 
CIassifiLd advertising is sold in 15-word incremenIs.11re rate per 15 Momb is $1 for 
students (for personDl use only), S3 for facuJty and sttIjf, and U for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mtUJe.d with a chedc (mode]JllYQble to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in penon. DeodJines are 3 p.m.1hursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for 1hursday's issue. The Guardian~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For ntOrf! information 

call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardial\Attn:C~9500GilmDnDrive, 
0316, LaJolID, Qt 92093~316.Actual addn!ss: StudentCenterA, topfloor. 

San DIego'1 only lilY _ tNIII II 
~ .. _. c.I Cratg. 
-~. (51'2-5111) 
EUIOPI rrit". New York,1211, Catch I 
JIIAnyIIme.(RIpoItedInLat',go,NYTliMI). 

C1131~. AIrhIIch (R). (5fH/2) 

SenIors. .. CbduIIIon Pub Crawl II June 9. 
0rIy 5 men __ Stay tuned for mor. 
Info. (51H112) 
PUMP IT UP! Pump up your r-.ne with 
.xperIence In the ·r... world.· 00 an 
InIemehIp Ind geIn .. Nt I I Y IldllIO 
ClOIIII*IIn IOdIIv"Job mertcat. TheAcedlmlc 
InIernehIp fIIoCpwIi 1I-.pIIng 1IIII*atIoI-
fof local ,ummll' Intemlhipl and Fall 
WMhlnglon D.C./out-of-town kllemlh/pl 
until May Xl . PIc:Ic up 1nIo. ebcU IIItIIng up 
yo4If own Irrt.mIhIp by May ZO. The AlP 
oIIIce II on the 2nd ftoot. I.JIIrIIIn 1Itdg., 
room 3256. Wa'IIopen 8:30-12:00 end 1:00-
4:00 (2:00p.m. on Wed.) 15J1-6112) 
I 

E'IPLO\ 'IE\T 
Pilei employment avllable • 1'- CJCSD 

~ for 94·95. SeI adI PIiCI8Il0 Ind 
15. (519) 

INTEANATlONALEMPlOYMENTmIikIup 
to S2oo0·'4oo0/mo t.achlnll bilic 

~ EngIIIh In Jepan, Taiwan, Of 
S. KoiM. No leaching bac:kgrcund Of AIIIr1 
IenguagII NIqUired. For information II (208) 
832·1148 Ill. J5871. (3I2I-eI2) 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING Earn up to S2000I 
moon CruIIe ShIpe Of land-Tour cornpenIee. 
SInimw Ind Ful time employmlnlllVlllable. 
No IlCJMIfIence -..y. FO( information 
call1 ·208-834-Ot18 IX. C5178. ~) 

AUSKA SUIlllER E ... LOYIIENT· Earn 
up to S8,000+ In two months. Room and 
boItd l Tr.wpor1allonI Male Of Female. No 
experience -..y. Cell (208)545 .. 155 
ext. A5978. (4/4-5/26) 
Frwroom & board In IXdwlge fortutDr 1Syr. 
old boy. Cer1Ibed. 431 -9479. (4/28-519) 

"-.... at HomaIlIIOO-tl000 ....... 
F_ inID. SAlE 10: P.O. IaII 22711, ... 
OlIgo CA .192. (4IINID) 
Earn good ~ _1IIeImIn. c.I NeI. 
(811) 712·7132 Of IeIIve ........ No 
....... 101 raquftd. (4128-611) 

CK"I I .... ~ntI •• WIi 
JAMIION RANCH CAMP IIIKI 
MATU"I ITUDIIITI TO WORK AI 
CO&MIi OM AT OUR RUIl1C, .,. 
1UI'PICiINT. cta.DMN'lCA..-.n. 
IOUTHIRN III!R".I. WI NlilD 
POliTlVI "OU!-MODlll TO 
PA"TICIPATI! IN OU" '.MIlY 
CO-....n'WHDHAVlATL.l!MTo.-
TUCH .. I IICILL, I.E. HORIDACK 
RIDING. UI'I! QUARDING, ARCHIRV. 
CRAnS, I'IItINCa, ITC. CALL ----

~ 'OR ."OCHURI AND 
Af'PUCAT1DN. (4t.II-MI 
HelpWanlld· ........... Work· AlAra. 
A ___ For Info 011222-6100. (512-6'8) 

Working mom In Del Mar ... needI help 
with 3 chIIciren June 11-28, ~ 
7:45·I:I5a.m., 4:GO-7:3Op.m. 8IId _ 
Sa1urday nlghtl. Own tranIpOf18IIon and 
chllclcerulCplflellOl raquIred. 751-8172. 
(5/2-5128) 
DAY CAMPI Hrvlng Conejo & San 
FImIIIdo VIIIeyI, SImI, c-IIo & MIIIIu 
....... C*Ing ..... ___ a 
III"Ial IMtructora lor Mltur., gym, 
hcIrMbKk riding, fIIhInWboaIIng, erda. 
...mnIng. lOng '-ding. ropII,9OUfII & 
more. Now Ir'ItInIWIng '11-811S42t3. (5J 
5-5,'9) 

Need: foUlJ SIIon aItIndInII for PrIYIIte 
Country CIubI and Tennis dubl. AII-'V 
Mtablilhed cullomer bell. looking lor 
_getIc ..... orIInIed 1ndMduaII. Graat 
pay achedule and great hours. Cal JIm 543-
1349. (5/9-5/12) 

The IIneII Malth club In SIn DIego needI 
fun , r.,ponllbl. babY-Ilttera. Wilking 
dIIIence from C8lYlpua. FlexIble hoIn. Call 
Arrrf • the SportIng Club 552·8000. (5,'9) 

~o.SAMUEL 
MERRITI 
COLLEGE 

Oakland. California 

Proudly AnooUDCtS • New 
ENTRY-LEVEL MASTER'S DEGREE 

IN OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 

Belillllllll ill Fall 1994 

Admission requirements include: 
• Previous baccalaureate degree required 
• Minimum cumulative GPA of 2.8 (Iut 60 semester 

units) and minimum science GPA of 2.6 
• GRE scores will be required; preferred minimums are 

450 verbal and I SOO composite 
• Some evidence of occupational therapy volunteer/paid 

experience 
• Completion of required prerequisites 

Attend one of the MOT Information Sessions at Samuel Merritt 
College to learn more about this new program; 

Saturday, AprU 30, 19M. 1:00 - 3:00 p.lb. 
Weclaaday, May 18, 19M, 6:00 - 8:00 p.lD. 

Please call the Office of Admissions at (510) 420-6076 or (BOO) 
607-MERRfIT to reserve your place at an Information Sellion 
or to request applicatioD materiala. 

CAAEGNER tor 21nd 4 y.-old In 80IIne 
1IeKtI. 1CHO/nJWk.IWe:._,.... 
f1ttw. ~ (!11N1'12) 
IIookIIIIr: co. VtnII. P.T. 0vImIght8NII 
".W. mIdnI!tiI·lLm. Sl.rilp.m.-3a.m .• .25 
In Iv . ......... Wed 2p.m.-6p.m. 457· 
75111 . (51H112) 
HOW 10 OIl' A .... N'ICHOLOCIY: 

~ ... end IIpI tan my CIIM'i Job .." 
IllcUhDwlOgII .......... hoapIn-.l 
_ aI .. «*'llclll1IId. nuIII n..uIIII 

~to--'~_8Ind 
dlldclar .... ~ .. IIId ... 1DC 

Dr.Kd,~,8InDIgII. . 
CA821a~2) 

Student 10 Nw:h pIIno 10 S young cHdran In 
myDelu.homeora ..... WII~ 
112.1Qhr ....... Cllic ...... 1.1/2 ...... ... 
..... call /IIrfIII X4e174 or laM 78&-
3713. (W-eI11) 

FOI: ~ \1.1-: 
1810 Honda e.-1OOOIIr, vwy,...... 
Helmet Included. vwy _iOI11IcaI. 1200. 
Todd .... 1 .... (4I25-Sr't) 

8IIiCk Fender Strat, StudIo Low Nolle 
Plc:lcupe. _ : MOO. er.. aI ehcIa: leO. 
YAMAHA TrumpilSISO. 1 .... Honda Accord: 
11700 obo. 1173 Ford LTD BrougIwn. 
R.bulld anglne with 80K ml. Power 
~ trailer hIct1: MOO, 272·2721, 
sma. (512-6'8) ), 

MIc::rochenneI 488DX33, 32M-RAM, 42OM-
SCSI-HD, WIndowI. II ,585; ExtemIII SCSI-
HD-2OOM 1186; FIZIf 700cc 14k mille 
11,975. Leav. m .... g. 453·4723 0( 
HANGUYEN@ICSE3. (512·5/12) 

BLACK leather blldtpack. JlI\III' UIId, 
dr.atrlng pouch + 3 ItnIII pocketa, gold 
bucIdeI. SIIO.OO. 832-9301. (512-511) 

SCUBA REGULATORS: PoeeIdon Odin, 
n.ver u,ecI 1325.00. Scubepro MK10 

BIIIIInced~S225.00. Cal 832·100II. 
(5/1·519) 

MacIr*IIh II, wfFPU, MMU. coIorvldeoClld, 
8 8IqIInIIon I11III, vwy nice CCIIIiP'Hr • C8II 
491·2182. ~) 

MountaIn Bike '94OT AI-Terra OUtpoIIl1-
~, Greet ShIpeI S220 obo. Bryan 517· 
1242. _519) 

FOIl .. 4·trKk CUHIta r-oar. good 
cond., gr.-far home raoordIng, onIy,14O. 
DIgItal r-o eIIact, SIlO, call Dave 294-
1810. (511-5111) 

.. gular, ........ 2 pIc:kupa, rad wi 
IIIIdI, .., IIIdng '150. Cali 0.. 21M-
aG. (I!o'HI12) 

VW CaIIrIaIat ....... wNIa top, 20K mill 
and Corr8do 110, y81icw, ..... , low ....... , 
... 7·1 .... (MIl 
VoIkI ...... l2, 11"*1, low mllaellld ..... 
VI '13, 7K mllMi, FInance OK. 457·1124. 
(518) 

".a. 
SUMMER 
INTERNS 
NEEDED 

Great opportunity for 
out-going. personable 
and FUN people who 

want to l8am everything 
they can about RADIO! 

Your chance to work 
for a top AM & FM 

combination rediD ItIItion 
in Sen Diego. 

eel 292-7800 ext. 
284 for cM&aIla. 

lloaclay, May 9, 19M 

1.VW lug. Aallultenglne, _1nIwtor, 
..... 1!odV, .......... --..CII534-1 ... 
Of 5M-<t72t. (&JNI11) 

8HAAE FRIENDS FLY FREEl EIIher May 
27 (7:'" p.m.) 10 0IIdand reIum Mey 30 
(p.m.) Of June 15111 (p.m.) 10 0IIdand 
reIum June 20 (a.m.). FOf Info ~ 182· 
4111 . (&9-5112) 
FOR SALE: 1172 VW Super ....... , _ 
....... 1Irw, ..... ~, *,", 
peInI, 11700, a¥l.y 534-1 • . (!11N1'12) 
InIInIIy KIppa car 1IpMIara. lpr.l"ldr, 1 pr 
1.5., pilei I4l10. IIIdng 1210. CII __ 
5A-23I5O. (W) 

Futon • Qua.n Sz. BI.ck, gre.t 
condition, 2·poeItlon frame, '120. call 

. 548 11110-. (518-5112) 

Car Cover - Size A (compact), NEW, 
ecr.tcll·re ...... t, BEIGE, w/loCk. Call 
548-M50. (SIt) 

11183 8IIfrN .. bleak 011 ..... vary good 
oordIan,1nHI&a, 14OKmlilelS4OO.00. 275-
42CT1. (I!o'HI11) 

SlMEA'1 HEREI For IIIIIr. VIdory epring 
lUI S20, O'NeIl F .... _ Ta' Tri-In 
good ooncIIon '100 . ......... c.I CIwII 

1552~. (SJ5-5111) 

CIA aI print 24 ... NagaI fIom ~ 
PortFGIIo wIdoubIa mat & traM '125. 454-
crm. (51H112) 

1101 ~1\4, 
CHEN'LMNO -au-,~ 1IIICtfmo. 
2 becIIoomI2 bath • N. a.-.t. AlL 
UTlUTES INCLUDEDI ChrII 272-8758 
Ieeva ....... (4/7-5/11) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME • UC8D ..." 
and Stud.nt DISCOUNTS. Gr.lt 
fInenctng. NaarUC8D. 1,2bre'1ZO,000'1+ 
& :Ibn '150,000+. Condos 10 IUlIury 
homM1II'YIng La Jolla, lInIv. CIty, MIra 
...... 011 Mar, Paclllc8aMtl, CIanmont. 
NMCI to SELL. _ whal 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE c.n dol RE/M .. 
AIIOCImee. JudIth Haddox. rMItor. 811-
275-818. (&9-5112) 
For R.nt: Unlv"'lly Clly PI.ymor 
COndol: 4·bedroom 2 bath, '1415; 3· 
bedroom. 2 .5 b.th, 11275. July 1. Quiet. 
454,1482. (4/21·5/31) 
2 _NUTES FROM uelDI 3 apacIouI 
bedroom" 2 huge balhrcom, at beautiful 
townhome av.lI.ble lor 1 Y'" I .... 
at.rtlng July. 114001rnonth Including 2 
balconln, pool and jacuuI, and 2 car 
garlgl. Plrklngpermltunneceuary, walk 
to 1IChooI. Mullt _ to bellev.ll4Io07l1. 
(4/21 -5/18) 

o.r-HIghIwIds TownhouM. 4br. 2ba., 
11475. Avlil. fill CII 861-9484 0( 822-
De?I . (4125·5/19) 

3bedrcoms, 1.5bat1i1S11fiO. CemInoGlorlta, 
2.5 baIhI, $1150 Euterway with tannlI. 
757-42111. (4125-812) 

THREE FEMALE ROOMMATES wanted 
to lhae Unlverllty CIty houIIi baglMlng 
June III. 1275-»35 per month pilll 1/4 
utlll1ln. Quiet, trItIndIy _Ironment. call 
Jill at 568·5131. Own room .vallable. (41 
25-1112) 

FOR IALE: CondQ MIdr., 1.5 bIIh. New 
cwpaII. AppIIaraI. BIcycle UCSO. STEAL 
'111,000. Cal 517-12211. (4121-&'18) 

ContInui"tg mala ItuIIIN, 211, empIcJyed. 
, .. kinD qul.t/ra,ponelbla roomm.te 
1iUiIIon ....... """I ...... ~ .... 
far my lay cat .,..,. Lv . ...... 27S.-7, 
Doug."""" 

YIM own ·Prlvat. Cottage." SIngle lev.! 
,..,... In condo __ . 2 bedroom, 1 
baIh . ... S.f. only '104.100. CIoII to 
AUJ W Caryl 10 _ .. 4430 (pIgIr) 
Of 460-2100 x35I 0( 453-8101. Cheaper 
than rentl (4/28-6/9) 

STUIE.' I.n •••• ., 
O".ITI.ITIII 

Fift Colltge Is .. eking to fill 
thl following posltJons: 

• Colt ..... , ..... 11111 .. 
e StHI" AcIIwItIII .... ,. 
• ~.ltI-.""I""'" 

.. ""'" IIiIInI 
For mort lnfonnItIon call 
534-2237 or atop by the 

FIfttI CoIIIGI Dun'. OffIcI 
UCtr 412. _II ...... 
___ 11.1 •. 

lloacIay, llay9. 19M 

fiORUI.a: Ulllillllilyc:aw--..... • ___ oondo ........... , ... 1, 
1 .2.1,4,1 .... 00II'II IMIiIIIIII I\raugtIoIA _ UTe, UCID. Cali Nina 711-41433 or 
_ . 17101011.000 . ......,. LOAD __ ~. (IIo'HI2) 

~N.~~ --------------------------------------
OIl 11M. AoomI for ........... 8IId 
ward ... 1auncIIy, ....... quiet, - ..... . 
No IIIIoIdng, .... Il1O to S4OO. c.II Tom 
212·7071t. I5&-lm. (H-&'11) 

IkAllltfar a.-.I2JO ..... _In 
tI:Mn:wne,.. UTe. Cali Cathy 535 0480. 
(512-1(18) 

........ roomn ... WWIIed for I00I' ....... 
NewUTC. Only 1200 + 1/3Idtie11A"...,.. 
11115-t115. 558-1005. (512-4111) 

12t3 plus 1/4 uIiItIM lor female to Ihare 
large mutll' In 2BR, 28A apt. I mlnutel 
fTom Cllllpue. FrHlaundry In 1IjIC., gytII, 2 
pool" Jacuzzi, on bu"l.,. 10 campu • . 
Available aftll' Apr. 15. WI have 2 MIl 
behaYed cata. 452-7888 Shartene. (512, 
5/12) 

SlMERSUBi..ETlOwnroomln~ 
n.ar campul. AVIII.bl. July·AugUII 
(ItIxIbIe) .. S3,OO·"ArrrfI22·18n. (M·5112) 

Summ.r Sublll: Own bedroom, 
FURNISHED In 4 bedroom. 1.5 baIII condo. 
S385Imo. Call GracI, 587·7016. (M-5I26) 
OWN BEDROOM, FURNISHED In 4 
bedroom 1.5 bath. Av.11abIe June OR 
September. Call Greg, 587-7088. (M.5J28) 

LOOKING TO SHARE APTI Female 
graduaIe lludlntlooldngfor IIPl w/Own room 
lO .... wlthMOthergraduateliludenl. 81M 
Aug.15, 1884. Cal ChrIetIne., 753-1431. 

~ -..ge. (515-5112) 
SummerlUbletavallMileJune 13·fumIIhad 
room, own baIh, 1liiie condo willi one girl, 
*'"dIy. pool, ~ UCSD Ind ~. 
Non-Imoker, ...... prwIiw'rad S400 obo + 
dIpoIIt. Cal 457-80113. (liJ5-&'11) 

Summer IUbIet. 21ing111 (1300 lid\) 8IId 1 
dr:IIAlIII (1210 per pnon) 1.5 balli, ___ I 
dryer, _ ....,..,...rkat 8IId IMIna. 1/4 
Idly. Cal RIeIIy@ 822-01181: ~ 

l/TC, NIge room, ~. dIIhWIiIheI. 
view, pool , Jacuzzi. Laundry. F.male 
preIerrad, S330. 455-41008. (5IHJ2I) 

IUllMER IUBLIT, avall. 11115-8131 wi 
option to ~ 1eIIe. 3bdrm., 2.5 bath. 
'*-10 UCSD, UTe. VOfII, buI. 2 healed 
poole, bIcny, pallo, II appInca, '1200 mo. 
Cal 5117·2522. (SJ5-5I18) 
Ownroom, 112 bath In CleM, qullt.1P8CIOUI 
3-bedrooo1 La JoIa condo. AveJ. 1II12 Of 71 
1. WID, M/F, non-amoker . .... to buI *p. 
S305Imo. pille 113 utII & dapoeIl548-81 n. 
(515-519) 

I-IDIM for ""1. UnIYaraIIy CIty. 5 bIcIrocIme, 
4b11h1. Two,....., Ib--'COIlilortabiy. 
Pool, 1PPlll1OIa, living room, diNng room. 
~. Cal 481-3133. (W-fIII 

SUMMER ROOMMATE WANTED· I .... 
10 .... iwga ........ badnIom. New UTe, 

~, -.- room, ... pwIdng, 
"",..,..I27IImanIh. Cali ScoIt 517· 
0441 . fIINI18) 

SoiIIII ...... RIOIIIf\\IIIe ..-...cI, .... 2 
1Iedrm., 1.5 ..... 21111ry1Oillnllola FtmIia 
....... A\IIaIIabIefo'1 . o...locIIIon. Cali 

1IHIIII.~. + 1/2 ...... (IIN(18) 

IFliMALEIlUMMERROCMMlU __ 
10 .... IIiIIIIr ~ --. bill II 
All • I. ..1IIIaI. ...... ---I*Yw, 
poaI. tacuaI, 1WIft, .............. Non-
1fIIOIcere. Available ~ (IexIIIe) 
through ..... 30th, .. ~ -.:II 
pille 1/3 ..... Cali MIla or lynn. ... 
1105. (IIINI12) 

~1kAIIIt·2tollllle"'''''''' 
badnIom. On 0IirMn, 5 !MI. WIllIe to UCSD 
(U T_). 1II12·W2Q. $2IIIImOI ..... -.:II. 
822·1177. (IIN(11) 

Sublet atwtIng 7/1 . Hugelptl Own badIOom, 
1IaIhroom. BIIoony, pool. a.- to UCSD. 
13IItiIiIo.462-17I1. (1i/NI11) 

8umrner 1UbtItI. 2 rooma 1YaIabIe, CIbII. 
pwtdng, WIIIlw/fkyll , cIoN 10 carnpua + 
UTC, ..., + quilt. M/F, S3ICltmo. + 1/3 uti. 
CII Belay or BrIen 457-645 1. (518-5111) 
Room for ... non-wnoker ASAP. ShIre 
bIIhroom In 2 bedroom 1IjIC. Me UTe. 
S350.OO 457-3874. (M-6(19) 

Summer IUbIet. available 811~1 O. S375/ 
mo. + 1/3 uti. 2 rooma, WfIIItt/dJIyer. pool. 
tecum, ~ UTC. F8111111 prwIiw'rad. CII 
Una 455-1752 or Judy 552.0t22. (5l8-1li2) 

PACIFIC BEACHICROWN POINT . 
Roommate needed June through Aug. to 
occupy ml.tubctm w/prlvlte bCh all 2 
bdrmI2 bath apt .01 .Ianll male (25). 
SpacIoi _, pool. t-azj, pkg. YaIAted ceiling, 
roaI -. beIctVbey views. S420 abo. 
Jon Of Rebecca 483-1731 . (519-5112) 
Looking for I good pereon to Ihlrl 
28R11BA louth P.B. It.1I4 blkl. from 
beach. AVIII.bI. Jun. 1 fO( S383/mo. + 
1/2 utli. + d.po,lt. Call Dlv. 272-4471, 
Iv. mag.(5/9·5I12) 

2 IIngIaa for 1IIIII\III' IUbIIt In 4 br. 2 ba 
oond. One lingle from 8115-QiI5 (1215). 
Other for 7/1-QiI5 ($280). New carnpua, 
cabIIt.laundry, pool. Graat de.I. Cal DIInne 
or Janna 558-2152. (5INJ2) 

GETSUMMERlMNGACOOMMODAllONS 
READY NOW! Own room In PB far $207.501 
mo. + 1/41d11e1 + l100.00dlpoelt. 2 bIockI 
to bay. MInutea 10 baach. Female non· 
amokll', ..... Cal 274-«M1. (518-5/12) 

Aoon'il .. ...,. 10 ... 4-bedroom 
~very~carnpua. Summerlndl 
or~. (toW) S215.00 to .... From 
1375.00 for own room. Non-Imllklng 
rIIj)OIlIIbIe IOOnIINiIeI pIeue. Roy 462· 
" . (W-5/12) 

UTCISIngIaroam ...... IndudeI*'"dIy. 
1IIfIiIII, and lui kItdIan facIItIM. S350. 
FamIIa. 562~1. (-*9/. (50'9-5128) 
UTe room, IIIIIm8I' .... 0IIay, ASAP, 
.......onIy:~, w/d, S385, noclepoal .... 
7417. (IfIHI11) 

VIoIinMoIa ___ . You Of yow ohIId(ran) 
can I •• ,n from .n ..... rl.nced, 
prot .... onal teacher. Now .ocaptlng 
~ .. agee 8IId IIVIIIINIoomII 
.. .tIout _ ,..... Cal Conrlid: 
... 0526. (312"'12) 

I • 

U.C.S.D. 

Tbe UCSD Guardiaa 

Pt\88PORT PtC1\JiIIEII Only • .• . WhIle 
you MIt. x..... IIId men . .... 8t. 
QarmeIna. ..... (1C1fJMr'2) 

word"'! •• 1 ... • 1 nc~ 
fIIPI'I, --. boob, ...... 1PIJIIcIIIor .. 
CoIII.lltlaliAcaur-"1IIt 1W\IIcI. Mary 
Ann4ll ..... ~) 

0ne-cIay ~ praallll,. WICMIr .-no. 
0IIar2llWIWI ....... PI , lila ....... 
... _ 110 CNCIa Alto oIIf tuIorIng, 

~..... ' 1OIw111l11C111wr111ng 
pnljw:tI. In CerIIbIid. 1188-1841 . (~ 

Expw1 typngIWOrd ~. Aepor1I. 
U-, diIaertaIIonI, manUlCflpts, etc. 
0nimrnIIIcaI idling 1¥IIIaIIIa. R Oi ..... 

~43-157S. 1EIoondIdo. (4/25-518) 

0ne-cIay word 11'--''11 and/Or .-no. 
0IIar2llYlW'l ....... Peel .. I:: ........ 
wIIh _ 350 oracItI. AlIa oIIwr tutoring, 
atIIqIq...... IIMIOI .... lllClllwrtIIng 
pnljw:tI.ln Cer1IbIid. 1I88-1841 . (4/25-eJ2) 
W.ddlng Photography. W. provld. 
prot.lIIonal cover. Ind quall1y Im.ges 
on you wedding day. Leo: 589·9034 . (5/2. 
511) 

\\ \\TED 
EARN CASH OR MOVIE TICKETS FOR 
RESEARCH PARTICIPATIONI Englllh· 
spe.klng colleg. men ne.d.d lor PhD 
lIudy In p,ychology. Sea,lonl like 45 
mlnulea. H.lp m. flnllh gr.du.te 
IChooIl Call C."I., .v.nlng" 527 ·0778. 
(5/2-8/2) 

EARN '100.00. SubiIcII WWlted for.1tudy 
on aIoohoI', eIiectI. If you WI • JepIneM. 
0.-, or ~, American-bom male. 
cal ~ ~ II'IIIItIAe for more 
1nformaIIon. 554-7240. (4/14-812) 

AIde wanted by dl .. bled prof ... ional 
WUfIIII'I. MlWfF I-noon; Sun 7-3. Own car. 
17.5Oo'IIr . .... 2118-1745. (4/28-5112) 
HeaIhy AlUl.IiCI8I30-55, naedId for. 2-
3hculylbllnc IludyIlUCSDMC (HknIII). 
W\r. C11543-2314. (512-5131) 

W.nted: ProJect ... lltlnt. S.n DI.go 
carel, In Innov.tlve nonprofit volunteer 
corpl . W. create .nd 1.ld community. 
'.IYlc. proJ.ctl . Unpaid po,lIlon but 
great .xperlenc. . R.qulrad : 
orglnlzltlonal .nd I •• d.rahlp Iklili . 
call 452-CARE. (5/9·5112) 

"EH~O\ \LS 
I.Jaa, I mel you and yo4If friend Barbara In 
~ _1IrMk. HId. graat tImII and I 
am .wry I rniIMd you II Ortaya', . I WInt 10 
gat In oontad. Ted t.Uphy. 714-721-1181. 
(417-4W) 

To the person who IIOIe the IIfIIy Yell. 
tooIa, end gIovMfrcm by bIca Illig: you could 
Nwlllordedlo tcr.gothe thallmoral8llly 
.... I Clnllford to ,.... ...... you 
IIoIa; your baIIMIr--'onIy nothing ... 
.... 1XIIItImpL o.n WIll, PcIItIcaI ScIIncI. 
(WI 

IX· ""'**' far .. graat -'-. Friday! 
W. heel a bIIiIt ClASHINQ wIIh ycuI .)(0. 
(W) 

Special Value Days 
"'1-31 

'-E1-12* 
... _.,. - _.,.,."" Ita, In &.,,1 

lew For -941 ...... ~~ 

-..,-.", .•. 

Come For the Ride of Your Life! 
------------------------------

FIM...., 'IICIU:" • .".,.TIIIII CONTACT 
UCSD aoXOFFlCE, PRICE CENTER, (818)5341 8487. 

------

.. __ ._-.. -

CLASSD'lEDS 17 

• 5 FACTORY OunETS for 
UCSD's Convenience 

a FAMOUS NAME BRANDS 
priced at 50-90% below retail 

• Don't ever spend full price when 
you can look this good for less 

/ 

Miramar 
82S0 (amino Santa F. 

450-3323 
,.dfk .. ell 
"1 5ttlt1 
41'·5158 

Hillcres. SDSU Esc.did. 
510 1.I"rslty An. '''3 (I ('jIIIIJ,d. ~ ".. ..1 

612-486' 460-4370 737·'167 

llan 0.1, •• ll ... 

raii-.,.iii£iil rei_uti ...... ..., 
111% OFF :: 8241!.., i 

... 111 
t-.-

. ( 

.. .. 



'" , 

• 

laSPORTS 

SENIOR 
SAI4UTE 

UCSD BIDS A FOND FAREWELL 
TO ITS 1994 GRADUATING SE-

NIOR ATHLETES 

"ohnero ... 
The men's tennis 
team's number-
one player will 
end his personal 
career next week 
in the indillidual 
singles competi-
tion at nationals. 
The matches will 
bring a conclu-

sion to Cross' four-year stint as one of the 
Tritons' top, as well as most lIolatile, players. 
An unpredictable court demeanor along with 
a powerful aU-court game made him one of 
the most exciting players i!J Division II I dur-
ing his career. 

VemVemel1: 
-It was a really 
great experi -
ence, " said 
Yarnell of his ten-
nis career at 
UCSD. "I got to 
do something that 
I lOlled to do." In 
his final season, 
Yarnell, who 

came to San Diego from Tacoma, WA, played 
in the number-two spot, and tallied a 9-8 
record in dual matches. When he teamed up 
with John Cross, the duo was one 01 the best 
doubles teams that UCSD has ever seen on 
the courts. 

ROJ 
a. ... orcI: 
Gessford's stint 
as a part of 
UCSD's tenn is 
program ended in 
spectacular lash-
ion. On the sea-
son, he was 13-5 I in singles play 

__ ""'-___ ....;.-.-1 and 11-2 in 
doubles play with junior partner Rob Ho. 
Over the course 01 Gessford's entire career, 
he and Ho lost only one doubles match to a 
Dillision II I opponent and were almost al-
ways money in the' bank for the Tritons down 
the stretch. 

Tbe UCSD GIIaI"diaa 

SPRING'S 
fiNAL fLING 

TENNIS MISSES 
FIRST NCAAS IN 
NINE SEASONS 

I NA DISAPPOINTINO END TO A DISAP-pointing season, the UCSD men's tennis team was snubbed from next week's NCAA Division III Na-
tional Championships at Redlands for the 
first time in nine years. It both surprised and 
hurt the Tritons, who knew their chances 
were slim but felt their team was more 
deserving than other schools from the East. 

The selection committee, however, had 
to choose at least two teams from each 
conference, and although the Tritons were 
ranked 12th in the nation, there was no room 
for them in the 12-team draw. 

"We' re ranked higher than many teams 
[who were selected]," said senior star John 
Cross. "I'm sure our team could have gone 
to nationals and made a strong showing." 

Over the last three years, the Tritons 
succeeded at nationals, coming in fifth, sev-
enth and sixth when their team was expected 
to be further back in the pack. 

This year's group, however, will not get 
the chance to prove its worth. Furthermore, 
only Cross was selected to play in the 64-
man individual singles tournament, and no 
doubles team from UCSD was invited to 
enter the 36-team doubles bracket. This was 
despite tbe fact that Roy Gessford and Rob 
Ho were almost unbeatable at number-two 
doubles, losing only once to Division III 
opponents this season. Cross and partner 
Vern Yarnell also deserved consideration. 

This scenario raised speculation about 
the NCAA's cost-cutting measures, as most 
entrants into the individual tournaments were 
members of the 12 squads in the team com-
petition. The move appeared to save the 
NCAA from paying for a lot of players not 
already in the tournament with their teams. 

Despite an early seven-game win streak, 
a late-season slump and the denial of a 
postseason berth left the players with a bad 
tate in their mouths. 

"As a team, we didn't win the matches 
that counted," concluded Y ameli. 

VOJ,I ,EYBALL 
RISES ABOVE 
ROCKY SEASON 

T HE UCSD MEN'S VOUJ!YBAU team is faced with one of the toughest tasks' of any colle-giate sport on campus. 
The Tritons compete in a Division I sport 
without the scholarships and funding to draw 
top athletes. If this weren't enough, UCSD 
just happens to be a member of quite possi-
bly volleyball's toughest conference which 
boasts number-one ranked UCLA, not to 
mention other top-IO Division I powers like 
USC and Stanford. 

Understandably, the Tritons experienced 
a rocky season battling their way through an 
incredibly difficult schedule that would be 
considered challenging for any school, let 
alone a Division 111 university. 

"It's a tough situation to be in a Division 
I sport without tbe resources to compete," 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik said. 

As if UCSD's overwhelming schedule 
and new coacb weren't enough of a cbal-
lenge, the Tritons endured an injury-riddled 
season. Senior leaders Lamson Lamm and 
Steve Kremser were among the team mem-
bers who spent far too much time in street 
clothes rather than knee pads. 

"The lack of senior healthiness hurt us in 
the leadership department," Dannevik said. 
"Bued on all the factors, however, I think 
the season was tremendously positive." 

Though it may be hard to believe, things 
are looking up for next season. UCSD has 
recruited one of the top-two players in San 
Diego County. The Trilons will also bave 
bad a year to adjust to their new coach, 
system and conference. 

"We were at a low point this season 
because of those factors," Dannevik said. "I 
feel very positive about our future though." 

In addition, RIMAC will be completed in 
time for the '9S ICIIOO &iviD& the team • 
DivisiooI-qualityatbleticfM:ilitywllichspeab 
of a renewed commitmeDI ~ athletics. 

"It'. going to be excitinl next year," 
Dannevik said. "I'm lookina forward to it." 

...... ' .... '9.1994 

..... 

. .".., 
Givens 18 a fifth-
year senior from 
Los Angeles who 
closed out the 
season a8 the Tri-
tons' starting set-
ter . • [Givens] was 
instrumental In 
daily leadership 

at practice: Oannevik said. ·His enthusiasm 
and never-say-die attitude really helped me 
as a coach to do my job." 

Iteve 
KremHn 
In his junior year, 
the native of Santa 
Barbara was 
UCSO's top offen-
sive threat. How-
eller, his senior 
campaign was 
cut short by injury. 
·When he was in 

the lineup, he was our offensive leader: 
Dannellik said. ·He was willing to do anything 
for the good of the team." 

Cud 
Hinkle: 
A solid outs ide 
hitter who battled 
his way into the 
starting lineup in 
the latter part of 
this · season . 
Hinkle became 
one of the Tritons 
top kill men alter 

sitting out the first half 01 his senior campaign. 
-[Hinkle] showed incredible tenacity and lor-
titude 10 stick with the team: Dannevik said. 
·He became a starting hitter in the last month 
of the season and he played fantastic: 

LIunaon 
, Lemnu 
The 6'4: 195 Ib 
native of Hawaii 
successfully re-
covered from ro-
tator cuff surgery 
to return to the 
UCSD lineup mid-
way through his 
senior year . 

Lamm's powerful outside hitting paced the 
Tritons' offense. "[lammI worked incredibly 
hard to get back in playing condition," 
Dannevik said. ·When he returned, he played 
big lor us, leading the team in kills per game 
this year: 

BY MURAL I MOORTHY,STAFF WRITER BY DAN KRAFT, ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

Tune Ups now 
$30 Jor-'II3J 

FREE VJ."adnlld., ...... 
RepalrC ...... 
Meet at !:30 behind the shop. 

All 
HAIRCUI'S 

: Men's a 1bmm's Rq. SIS 
I includes shampoo, 
I cut &: blow dry 

WGIi-1u wekollwl 

I ---...... ..., .... InM<. I 
I CREA11VE Curs I 
I HAIR &: NAIlS I 
I I 
I ~1I,lc ... '" tI prIta I 
I 6780 MIramar ReI. 1108 I 
: BeIIind c.t's Jr. • Ms. 11).7, SIL 9-4 : 

l5jfH}5J..QJ 

. sg9+fPll~~~E!. 
"'~"".MEY 

.... .-.-...... ' .................. -. 

.... III 111.11 ... ~~w.: C ... I.I. C •• ,I.II 
'89* $109* 

.1ftcIudII: CompIeII Eye ExIm • filing • foIIowo.up Carl 
• CIIe !CIt • .... SIgI\IId Ax only. Oller MIjor IIrandIIn SIocII 

'-----We taIte tbe time to listen and explain. 
Ir" .. 117• MI RiI I SELBY, 0.0. I __ ... =a.n-Jl) 578-&7. 
S69 LOI' EST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses l ' 

~M=~~.~1!~~~1~9~,1~~~ ........................................................ _TM~~U~C~S~D~~Gua~~~~i.~n ................................................................................ ~19 ~ 

@§D~ 
EWSFLASHE 

NEWSFLASHES 
A.S. Newsllashes Is produced by the 
Associated Students of UCSO. 
Student oraanlutlons may acMrtise in 
the A.S. Newsflashes by flIIIDC out the 
form located outside the A.S. 
Secretary's 01flce, third floor, PrIce 
Cente.r. Submissions an due eech 
Wednesday at noon for the next 
Monday's edition . 

CaEssCLVB 
Play and talk about chess ~ 
Tuesday at 7pm In the North Confer-
ence Room of the Old Student Center. 
call 452-8020 for more Information. 
ARABIAN NIGIIT--W ADEN 
SEMI-FORMAL 
May 12, 8~12am at the Bert<eIey 
fen'yboat. nx an $10 at the PC Box 
Offtce. CelI!546-8060 for more 
Information. 
BRIDGE ALuMNI S .... NG 
DANCE 
It's Summer BrIdge reunltedl BrIdge 
Alumni Organization welcomes all to 
their First Annual Sprtng Dance on 
FrIday, May 13 from 8:30pm til lam a 
the Pub. Admission Is free w/Vaiid 
student 10 so come and dance the 
night away! 

W AHREN STUDENT 
CoUNCIL 
We need Warren students to parti 
pate In Student Council. Many 
positions are available. Applications 
are available In Warren Student 
Activities Center and are due Monday, 
May 16. Cell Greg Colwell at 597-
0506 for ITlOAIlnformatlon. 

CSA GREAT SEX DEBATE 
Ever wonder what the other sex Is 
thlnkinC? Come and ask all the 
questions )'Ou always wanted to know 
the answers to. 5/11/94 at 7pm In 
the PC Cove. 
ASA PARENTS DAY 
Parent's Day Is mlnC upl It'll be on 
Saturday, May 14. Make Sift your 
parents cornel Also, It'll"'" you the 
opportunity of helping, or just finding 
out about upcomlDC eventsl 

ELECI'IONS 
The PhyaIcai/OccupationaiTher8py 
Club will have elections for '94-'9!5 In 
the s... francisco room on May 12 
from !5-!5:3Opm. Call MarIanna at 
1313 for more Information . 

KASA GENERAL Mro 
Look for nwer- te'lnC where to find the 
'new' KASA and leadership 0I)I)0ft\ri 
ties waItInC for you. ~ will be 
May 11 at 7pm. LocatIon TBA. Cell 
HyunC Lee at 622-1125 for more 
1nformIItIon. 

VSA SEMI-FORMAAL 
A SeriForm8I CNlMI _ 14 from 
10:3Opm to 2:30pm. a ..... 
Tennlnal, San DIeCO 
"Lord Hom Blower" YICht. TiclcetlIO 
on .... this WIIk. Look for the tIbIe 
In the PrIce Center PIGII. C8II the VIA 

SANGAM 
May 14. Sangam's Annual Cultural 
Show. Just be therel Call 622·1965 
or 457,7876 for more Information. 

iNTERNATIONAL" CLUB 
Mon, May 9, 6:3Opm-Meetlng and 
presentation: a representative from 
1<apI., will be here to provide Info on 
special foreI&n student procrams. 

.. FREE STUFF will be &Jven awayl 
FrI, May 13, 6:3Opm-Bonflre at La 
Jolla Shores: food Is provided, but 
please bring your own drinks. 
CerpooIlng Is encouraced. Meet at " 
Ctr If you need or can give a ride. 
2 

RAsBI JEFF'S LEcTuRE 
The Union of Jewish Observance 
presents "AntIsemitism: Why Always 
Us?" A Lecture giWn by Rabbi Jeff In 
the Ber1<e1ey Room at 6:45pm on 
Tuesd8V, May 10. Cell Chal Point at 
534-6244 for detailS. . 

COMMtrrER BREAKFASI' 
Ef10Y the best breakfast you've ever 
had at this price (except at your 
mom's house). Only 50 cents 
(optional), so mosey on down this 
Ft1dayI See you therel Ft1day, Sam-
11am at the Wanen College literature 
Building 2nd ftoor conference room. 
Call Amt McDoo", or Jeff Scott at 

~5334 for more information. 

0ftIce • ~728 formcn ~ .... 'I'~!~,.. 
tIon • 

FRENCH CONNECTION 
If )'OU're cool, and you know It, join the 
French Connection In Its up-comlng 
actlYltles. for more info, contact Alain 
at 45&6890. 
WOMEN'S SEXUAL HEALTH 
INFORMATION SESSION 
UCSO's women's clinic Is like having a 
planned parenthood ri&ht next door! 
Weedly Information sessions cover 
topics like the pelvic exam, the pili, 
breast self-exam, STD's, and morel 51 
9-5/13: M2pm, Tu 10am & lpm, W 
11am & lpm, Th 10am & lpm . . 

MUIR COMMUTER COUNCIL 
What ITlOAI can I say? We are the 
reddest commuter council at UCSOI 
Stop by Half-Dome, Mondays 04pm or 
contact europeOucsct.edu to find out 
why! 

WOMEN'S PEER 

CoUNSEWRS 
Walk-Ins and appointments going on 
now. Call or corne b)'-hours are 
posted on the window. Call 534-2023 
for ITlOAI Information. 

CALPIRG CHAPl'ER MTG 
All are weIcomel Our current cam-
paI,"s Include Hu~ and 
Homeleasneas and endagered 
species. Mtgs are every Wednesday 
at 5:00pm In Rm 202 of the Old 
Student Center. 534-5315. 

AS PROGRAMMING 
MOVIES 

TUESDAY 
-.-.-..:. 

=:l< '>V 
LUCK. C:LUI3 

00 
:30 

THURSDAY 
MIlS. 

DOIJBTFIRE 

$1 
6:30 
9:00 
11:30 

MI .. the deadline to buy. y .. rbook? 
A.S. Yearbook has OIdered a limited number 
of ena books. To r888N8 one, send a $25 
ctWCk payable to "A.S. Yearbook· to "A.S. 
Y8IIbook, 9500 Gilman Dr., La Jolla, CA 
92093-007T 

Student clubs" orgall Buy an ad 
In the New Student Recordll 

The New Student Record Is a great way 10 
recn.it SIudenIa next.... Stop by EDNA or 
the A,S. RecepIIonist. 3rd IIoor Price CetHr, 
for In order form. 

WANTED 

'U ~ , : .' 
.'. \.; -. -

F .. pageS 
112 page 1,. page 
118 page 

AMINIAIDII 



20 SPORTS 

BRIANK. 

HUTTO 
Sleepless 
Because of 
Seattle 

Damn it, DOW they've done 
it. 1bose rat bastards up in 
Seattle have finally stabbed the 
wrong sports fanatic and I 
won't have it. I've been 
betrayed by a bunch of 
heartless, overpaid, under-
achieving bums. 

Hell hath no fury like a 
betting man spumed. Lord save 
anyone who crosses my path 
with anything that resembles 
the far-less-than-Super sonies. 

My ire over that poor 
excuse for a pro NBA fran-
chise, a team which I so sagely 
predicted would win it all in 
1994, will not be suppressed. 
Thanks to those beatniks from 
the Land of the Grunge, I have 
forfeited a tidy little sum to a 
know-it-all pipsqueak arm-
chair cowboy who for some 
insane reason had the gall to 
pick the talentless Denver 
Nuggets. Oh, and I'm not in 
the leut bitter about the whole 
sorry affair. Not at all. 

George Karl should be 
stoned senseless with pyrite 
chips for failing to advance his 
piddJey bud of towel boys into 
the Western~. 

How diftic:ult is it to strip 
mine the lowly Nuggets, an 
unbelievably crappy team 
which barely inched into the 
playoffs with a .500 record? 
Even the worthless LA. Lakers 
threatened to slide into the 
perennial "thanks for coming 
out and getting your ass kicked 
by the West's number-one 
seed" spot. But no, Denver had 
to bold on. 

The Nuggets, the Lalters, 
hell, throw in the Dallas 
Mavericks - it shouldn't 
matter in the playoff's number-
eight spot. The top gun is 
supposed to win the first round 
in a landslide. And everybody 
except the Sonies knows this. 
Never before has a number-one 
bowed out to a number-eight. 
Never. Well, at least until 
Seattle decided to blow chunks 
allover the history books. 

It wasn't like the Sonies 
owned the league's best 
regular-season record. It wasn't 
like the Sonies beat the bejesus 
out of the Nuggets in the first 
two games of the best-of-five 
series. It wasn't like Seattle 
was facing a pathetic Nuggets 
squad that had matched the 
NBA record for consecutive 
playoff losses (11). , 

I was dancing on Denver's 
grave after game two's 
shelling, booking a flight with 
a travel agent to Maui. I sat 
assured that a certain non-
taxable lump sum of cash 
would lOOn be working its way 
into my checkbook. 

'lbaDk you, Seattle for the 
c:rub and bum. But I'm not 
bitter, DO, DOl at all. I mean, I 
.... Iy bid bave used that 
dollar. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 9,1994 

Men's Basketball Coach"Moves On 
GREENER PAITUREI: Coach Tom Marshall accepts head coaching position at ~vision II Cal Poly Pomona 
Byareaw ....... 
Senior St.ff Writer 

Tom Marshalf, the man who 
brought the UCSD men's basketball 
program from obscurity to national 
prominence, has decided to leave 
San Diego after 11 years to fill the 
head coaching position at Cal Poly 
Pomona. Marshall replaces Kevin 
Patterson who resigned last month. 

Marshall, who departs UCSD 
with a 185-105 career record, estab-

Iish~d the Tritons as a team capable 
of competing on the national stage 
when he guided them to the NCAA 
Tournament for the first time five 
years ago. Since then, the Tritons 
have reached the postseason three 
more times, and advanced to the 
Sweet Sixteen twice. 

Though the team wasn't expected to 
go anywhere except borne once the 
regular season was over, Marshall 
and his players tore through the year 
with a 21-5 record, which included 
a win over Division I Northern Ari-
lona, and come-from-behind tri-
umph over Pomona-Pitzer in the 
first round of the playoffs. 

"It was a group of kids that went 
out and overachieved. They weren't 
as talented as some other UCSD 
teams, but they were gritty and fo-
cused," Marshall said. "They went 
out and proved they belonged with 
the top teams in the country." 

With the move, Marshall takes a 
step up from Division III to Divi-
sion II, a challenge too good to pass 
up. 

This year ranks as one of 
Marshall's greatest coaching feats. 

In addition to the divisional 
See MARSHALL, Page 14 Former Trtton Head CNCh Tom M .......... hNded for '-nona. 

SENIOR 
SAI .. U'rE 

KerrI C.rt_: 
Carter is a third-year 
senior from Wright-
wood, California. 
who played as a 
freshman before tak-
ing a year off. She 
returned to the team. 
for her senior year, 
during which she 
was a starter in the 

Tritons' outfield. "[Carter] improved tremen-
dously in her fielding during her year off," 
Gerckens said. "At the end of this year, she also 
started hitting very well, getting some big hits for 
us in key situations." 

......, ..... : 
Team anchor Rubin 
was an offensive jug-
gernaut, leading the 
Tritons in runs batted 
in and finishing the 
season with the sec-
ond best batting av-
erage on the team. In 
addition, Rubin was 
a sound defensive 

catchar and an excellent Mor for the pitching 
staff. "[Rubin] is the main reason why our pitch-
ers delleloped 10 well," Gerckens said. "She 
gave them the confidence they needed to pet'-
form at their best." 

SPRING'S 

SOFTBALL SEES GLIMPSE OF THE FUTURE 

W HEN TIll! UCSD IOPTBALL . team opeaecI ill .... widt a rocky 1-7 record, albeit Api .... IOIIICI touab Division 
D squads, not many people felt the team would be 
very competitive this season, let IIoDe bave a shot 
at making the NCAA DivisiOft III playoffs. 

But in late April at Florida's Spring Rebel 
Games, an annual gathering of some of the nation's 
best softball teams, UCSD initiated a 18O-degree 
tum-around from its dismal early season. 

"Florida really was key for us, " Head Coach 
Patricia Gerckeos said. "We went up against some 
of the top teams in Division III and played very 
well. Our confidence soared after that." 

From that point on, the Tritons performed like 
a well-oiled machine, systematically dispatdIiDg 
almost every obstacle placed in their path in a late 
playoff charge. When the IeIIOIl was in the boob, 
UCSD had amused a rapectable 19-18 !MOnt, 
which included a six-game win streak to end the 
year. 

"We were peakilll just when we were sup-
pc.ed to: Gerckeos said. "UnfortuDately, we 
juat dido't have enough Wins behind us to sneak 
into the postseason." 

The Tritons are a young team which will 
10lle only two players to graduation and will 
have a solid year of experience under its belt 
going into the '95 campaign. With the returning 
combination of Usa Gil and Shannon Mounger 
hurling fireballs down the throats of opposing 
batters and a lineup chock-full of freshmen 
(eight to be exact), UCSD's hopes for the future 
appear to be flying high. 

Perhaps the biggest challenge for Gerckens 
will be replacing senior Emily Rubin at catcher. 
To reach the next level in '95, the Tritons will 
need someone to step forward and fill in the 
crucial behind-the-plate role. 

.. , have a positive outlook toward next year," 
Gerckens said. "I feel as though our season is 
'to be continued.' We'll take the confidence we 
ended this seuon with into next year." 

BY DAN KRAFT, ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

CIIIIIII...,., ...... 
UCID ...... lea IPPlll1IIt III ....................... 1, ................ . 


