
ELSEWHERE 

Uvermore 
DlrectorR ....... 
BERKELEY - Lawrence 
Livermore National Labora-
tory Director John H. 
Nuckolls resigned from his 
position as head of the 
University of California-
managed facility after coming 
under fire from UC President 
Jack Peltason. Peltason 
questioned NuckoUs' manage-
mentofthe lab in the post-
Cold War era. In a confiden-
tial March 30 letter to Nuckolls, 
Peltason said that an indepen-
dent performance-review 
committee recommended that 
Nuckolls be replaced because 
of serious management 
shortcomings. The UC Board 
of Regents has approved C. 
Bruce Tatar to serve as acting 
director of the lab. 

Ya", Mak .. First 
OffIcial Visit 
SANTA BARBARA - UCSB 
Chancellor-designate Henry T. 
Yang made his first official visit 
to the campus on April 4 and 
said that he is looking forward to 
gaining a more comprehensive 
knowledge of the campus 
Ihrough discussions with faculty, 
students and staff when he takes 
over as chancellor this July. 
Yang said that he has not yet had 
an opportunity to study in-depth 
issues specific to UCSB because 
he is still conunitted to his job as 
Dean of Schools of Engineering 
at Purdue University. 

UCDPragI .... 
....... InTopFlve 
DAVIS - UC Davis received 
recognition in U.S. News and 
World Report's larest assessment 
of" America's Best Graduate 
ScOOols," in which three UCD 
programs were ranked among 
the eowttly's top five in their 
respective disciplines. UCD's 
ScOOoI of Medicine was fourth 
among oomprehensive medical 
scbooIs, its Master of Fine Arts 
program tied for fifth place, and 
the AgricullUnll &gineering 
program at UCD ranked fifth. 

INSIDE 

POOH! HIA"'.: Peter Dennis 
pefonns the works of 
A.A. Milne . 111 

.POII .... : Women's 
Waterpolo wins UCSB 
IOUI'IIaIIIeIIl • 

INDEX 

lDD IIID'S ._ ......................... 2 
ClLYlJlfl_ .... .. .. ............ 2 
OPINION .............. .. ............ .. .. .. " 
HIATUS .................. ............. ... HI 
SPORn ............... ...... ...... ....... . 9 
CLASSInED .......... .... ... .. .... .... 12 

H E 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 14 ... 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE 6 

Side of Department Sparks Ire 
UNION: Graphics 
employees dispute the 
necessity of privatizing 
the department 
By Erik JoIInIon 
Staff Wrlter 

UCSD administrators plan to 
sell the university's Department 
of Graphics and Reproduction 
Services (G&RS) tomorrow to 
TCS Enterprises, Inc., pending the 
finn's completion of a "bench-

mark" agreement with the univer-
sity demonstrating its ability to 
generate sufficient revenue to sus-
tain the department. 

However, G&RS employee 
union members allege that the sale 
is unusually secretive and may 
involve conflicts of interest. The 
sale could mean the dismissal of. 
the department's staff of more than 
50 employees. 

Michael Melman, Director of 
Employee and Labor Relations at 
UCSD, said that the sale of G&RS 

W AIJA CLIMBING 

was first announced last April and 
was prompted by financial losses 
in the face of a university budget 
crisis. 

On May 28, 1993, former As-
sistant Vice Chancellor of Busi-
ness Affai rs Laura Long said, "We 
decided that it is only fair that we 
privatize the operation so that it is 
run by a for-profit company of 
equal footing with aU the other 
vendors in the printing industry in 
San Diego," referring to G&RS ' s 
growing revenue from the private 

sector. She said that budgetary 
concerns and the department' s 
1992 losses also necessitated the 
sale. 

In 1992 the administration re-
moved the department' s division 
oftemporary services - which had 
brought in an estimated $1 million 
in revenue the previous year - and 
closed GR&S's facility at the 
Medical Center. Daniel Martin, 
organizer for the Union of Profes-
sional and Technical Employees 

See UPTE, PageS 

Registrar to 
Install New 
IDSystem 
PRIVACY: Student social security 
identification system to. be replaced with 
random nine-digit number 

By C.ndlce McF8r1Md 
Staff Writer 

The Assoicated Students, in conjunction with the 
Registrar' s Office, approved a student privacy pro-
posal that will assign students random nine-digit 
identification numbers in place of social security 
numbers beginning in the fall of 1995 . 

Registrar Sally Hickok said the Registrar's Office 
will pay for the cost of the switch if deemed feasible , 
but It has yet to receive information about the costs 
or who will perform the service. 

"Our interpretation is that there 's no problem 
[with the current system] besides fa culty usin g 
social security numbers to post grades," said 
Hickok . 

However, according to A.S. legal advisor John 
Francis, employment checks, cred it cards, financial 
aid, or police records can be obtained by knowing 
someone ' s social security number. 

"It's a very great danger that students ha ... e not 
known about until something bad happened to them," 
said A.S . President Carla Tesak. 

TIm Chen/GuMIItI 

Legal counsel from the Office of the President 
informed the Registrar ' s Office that under a federal 
privacy act, the use of social security numbers is 
legal in all instances except for the posting of grades 
and as a student identifier. 

W ................... trIed .......... _ .... ~ .... the 
UCID ........... FIe.- F8Ir. tile .... c...- ......... TUIIdIIy. 
ltudenI8 ......... to ....... their ....... , eek queetIone IIIMMIt the 
........ pN •••• ,Nay ........ ennatven .... tootIIIIruIheL Under the new system , the registrar wi ll con -See REGISTRAR, Page 8 

RIMAe Grand Opening Postponed 
., EIIIMetII ........ 
Sf"" Writer 

A series of setbacks bas post-
poned the openin, date for the 
RecratioaaIIIattamunl Athletic: 
and Evcuta Center (RlMAC) until 
after the stan of FaD Quarter. 

The 532 million recreation 
complex, pouibly ... the Iqat of 
ita kiad _ the West Cout. wu 
...... to be fllUy operational in 
time for 118denta' ute duriaa wel-
come week in September. How-

ever, followin, lut year's heavy 
winter rains and exceaaive flood-
in, in the Midwest, RIMAC con-
tractors have been playin, a game 
ofcatch-upwiththeoriJinaUypro-
posed completion date of AUI. 15. 

According to Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Facilities, Design 
and Construction Boone 
Hellmann, "every conceivable~­
lamity" bas befallen the project. 
He added that last winter' s rain 
alone resulted in three months of 

delay. 
Wally Lockwood, A.S. direc-

tor of development and co-chair of 
the RIMAC Advisory Committee, 
explained that steel shipments from 
the Midwest were delayed because 
ofellcessivefloodinloverbridges. 

"We've had a terrible time with 
material delivery and manufactur-
ing processes. All the ~tuff comes 
from all over the country," 
Hellmann added. 

Financial worries have plalued 

. the project as well. Hellmann said 
that two of the RJMAC sub-con-
tractors have lone bankrupt and 
two others are financially troubled. 
"It's a sign 'of the times in the 
construction industry, especially 
in California," Hellmann said. 

The final date of RIMAC's 
completion is still unknown. As-
sistant Vice Chancellor of Aca-
demic Affain Tom Tucker ell 
plained that the original plans 

See RIMAe, peae 3 



2 NEWS 

Scheffler Honored 
With Teaching Award 
SERVICE: Professor juggles classroom concerns 
with research, department chainnanship 
By Erik Johnson 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Alumni Associa-
tion will award Biology Professor 
Immo Scheffler with its annual 
Award for Distinguished Teach-
ing on June 11 in the Price Center 
Ball Room, for his dedication in 
the class room, 
Scheffler, an em-
ployee of the uni-
versity since 1971 , 
expressed his grati-
tude and said that he 
was proud to be part 
of "the intellectual 
adventure of biol-
ogy." 

Whitney Fellow, and most recently 
won an Alexander von Humbolt 
Award for Senior U.S. scientists 
in 1984. 

Scheffler's outstanding accom-
plishments in biology are enhanced 
by his record of continued school 
service. He has received numer-

ous campus 
awards for teach-
ing, served as the 
Biology Depan-
ment chair and on 
various campus 
committees. 

He is best known 
for his research in the 
field of biochemical 
and molecular genet-
ics in mammalian 
cells. 

Amy Z~/Gu¥f1J/III 
MHe care. 

In Scheffler's 
last two CAPE 
evaluations, stu-
dents have given 
the professor ap-
proval ratings of 
99-1 ()() percent, 
at the same time 
that he was serv-
ing as chair of the 
biology depan-
ment. 

"He cares deeply 
about presenting up-
to-date and complete 
information to his 
students, and he goes 
out of his way to 
keep himself up-to-
date in areas of his 
teachi ng," said 
Muriel N. Nesbit, 
associate professor 
of Biology and col-
league of Scheffler. 

"Scheffler is just 
about the perfect 
teacher, combining 
as he does the schol-
arly academician 

deeply about 
pr ... ntIlCupoto-
date and 
complete 
Information to 
his students, 
and he goes out 
of his way 
to keep himself 
up-to-date In 
are.s of his 
teaching. " 

- Dr, Murfel N, Nesbit 
Associate Professor 

According to 
Scheffler, there 
was only one way 
to balance so 
many responsi -
bilities, "I 
worked like hell. 
It's not some-
thing to brag 
about. Like many 
of my colleagues, 

- I just put in a lot 
of hard work." 

"But I can tell 
you one thing," 
Scheffl er contin-and the caring hu-

manist within himself," 
added. 

Nesbi t 

Scheffler received his Ph.D. in 
biochemistry from Stanford Uni-
versity in 1968, a time when he 
says, "the field of biology was just 
exploding." 

ued, "I never work Sundays. Those 
are reserved for [reading] the New 
York Times on the beach." 

The Canadian-born Scheffler 
admits that he was, "just praying 
to get into Stanford." Scheffler 
went on to become a Helen Hay 

Scheffler also expressed his 
empathy for science students who 
face an increasingly competitive 
job market. 

"I never had to worry about a 
job or a grant. These days it is a 
very different situation. I don't 
think it' s easy," he said. 

ERRATA 
The April 7 Guardian editorial , "Cutting Ties with UCSA Would Be 

a Mistake," should have said that graduate students at UC Riverside 
pulled out of the UCSA, not UC Irvine. Also, the UCSA Lobby Corps 
does not yet exist. We regret the error. 

In the April 11 Guardian article "UCSB Chair Escapes Impeachment," 
Kathy Hay said, "It really offends me that the G.SA bas not participated ..... 
The Guardian regrets the error. . 

In the April II Guardian anic\e "Swastika Painted on Che Cafe 
Mural," Emelynde la Pefta should have been listed as a candidate for the 
position of A.S. vice presidenradministrative and as the chair of the 
Student Affinnative Action Committee. 1be GuarrJion regrets the aror. 

, ; 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 14, 1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
'tW.T ~ ~ IX) ~ nlltW: 
~ ~ 10, SIIE'U. IlUOIU 
II088ES ? \\all 'iOv LOC~ 
~1" 'fIIU. 10. oun>IOE 
IE I£IIE IN u.sr 11K ~ 

~r ,.. ~ l'r-:::o-=-T"T'f'" 
lbJI5! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

If S\I£ [)(£,), ~'II£ 0fAI)' 
~\.l ~ snc.~ \I\'( 
\tEN) QlH 
STNC£ 114M 
fRD\({ ~W) .... 
,.. ~Abl~1t> 
tJT1IU KIIl'5 
SMlIIHIf·!;It'Z.! 

Diabetics at Risk For Heart Disease 
According to a study in the April 1994 issue of 

Circulation, researchers at the UCSD School of Medi-
cine have found that diabetic women with low levels of 
high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDl'(:) and high-
levels of very low-denslty lipoprotein cholesterol (VlDl-
C) have a greater risk of death from heart disease. 

"HDl and VlDllevels appear to play a dramatic 
role for women with diabetes. In essence, even pre-
menopausal diabetic women begin to run a similar risk 
for heart disease death as men, ' said Merilyn 
Goldschmid, a former visiting scientist at UCSD from 
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 

The UCSD study has shown that a sul>population 
of diabetic women whose HDl'(: levels are less than 
50 milligrams per deciliter (mgjdl), and whose VlDl-
C levels are greater that 20 mgjdl, are at higher risk 
for heart disease than other diabetic women and 
women without diabetes. For every 10 mg decrease in 
HDl'(: levels, a diabetic woman 's risk for death caused 
by heart disease increases by 76 percent. 

'While all women with diabetes are at Increased 
risk for ischemic heart disease, women with diabetes 
and low HDl levels are at particularly high risk and 
should be strongly urged to make lifestyle changes 
that will Increase their 'good cholesterol,' · said 
Goldschmld. • 

Cody Aw_d Wlnn.·to 
Lecture on Mld-Oc ... Rldg .. 

The exploration of the mlcHIcean ridge system, a 
continuous chain of underwater volcanoes that ex-
tends around the globe, will be the focus of a free 
public lecture at ScrIpps Institution of Oceanography's 
Sumner AudItorium today at 3 p.m. 

Ken C. Macdonald, a professor of marine geophys-
les at UC Santa Barbara and the 1994 recipient of the 
Robert L. and Bettie P. Cody Award In Ocean Sciences, 

will discuss the active ridge system in a lecture titled 
"ExplOring the Greatest Mountain Range on Earth: the 
Mid-Ocean Ridge.' 

The Cody Award recognizes outstanding SCientific 
achievement in oceanography, marine biology and the 
earth sciences. Recipients ofthe award receive a gold 
medal and a $10,000 award. 

Macdonald participated In some of the first de-
tailed explorations of the ridge systems using sonar 
mapping techniques, remote control vehicles and 
manned submarines. Macdonald received a bachelor's 
of science degree in engineering physics from UC 
Berkeley In 1970. He went on to r~lYe1'lRiCtoral 
degree In marine geophysics from ttiif Massachusetts 
Institute ' of Technology /Woods Hole OCeanographic 
Institution In 1975. ... 

For more Information about the IectjJfe call 534-3624. 
'I 

s .. Jose 'alko Wliliterform 
At Mandeville Auditorium 

San Jose Talko, an ASian-American drumming 
group that highlights the percussive rhythms of 
Japan, Brazil, Bali, Africa and latin/jazz genres, will 
appear tonight at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

The group was formed in 1976 and performs under 
the direction of Roy Hirabayashl. Talko had Its origins 
in the agricultural society of Japan, where It was used 
to dispel evil spirits and insects from the rice fields 
and to ensure rain and a bountiful harvest. Today, It 
provides a source of artistic expression forthetroupe 's 
thlrdteneration members, 

TIcket prices are $16 general admission; $14 
seniors; and $12 students and may be purchased at 
the PrIce Center Box OffIce and from TlcketMaster 
outlets. For more Information call 5~7. 

Thunday, April 1", 1994 The UCSD GuardiaD 

Cbmiges Will Upgrade Centers 
By D .... K ....... 
Ct>News Editor 

Barring any unexpected difficul-
ties, the Univenity Centers Adviscry 
Board (UCAB) will make several 
savice-oriented changes to campus 
student cmters in coming months. 

According to UCAB Chair Aaron 
Goodman, the biggest change will be 
the creation of a "copy data center" in 
the Price Cattel' by next fall. 

The center will be an expan-
sion of the current copy center and 
will house such services as stu-
dent-accessiblefax machines,com-
pulers , image scanners and equip-
ment to fashion custom t-shins. 

To make room for the center, the 
post office will move to the existing 
travel office space and the travel of-
fice will move to the existing ropy 
center space, said Goodman. 

Meanwhile, Mac's PIaz will be 

RIMAe: 
Weather, financial 
woes stall opening 
Continued from ...,e 1 
aimed for the completion of 
RIMAC by mid-August to pro-
vide sufficient time to move 
equipment into the facility . 

However, Hellmann said that 
RIMAC's contractor, Moran 
Construction Company, is un-
willing to commit to the cur-
rently-proposed Sept . 18 dead-
line . 

"Everything would have to 

• 

phascdout to make room for the ccpy 
data center. Goodman said be was 
U/lSUJ'e whedler Mac's Place would 
relocate. "[The copy data center] 
will give a lot of new services to 
students that they don't have now, at 
least not in one place," Goodman 
said. 

In addition, Goodwin added that 
the travel service will help more 
students in its larger space. 

A juice bar will be in place in 
the Price Center by the end of this 
month. The bar, owned by a pri-
vate vendor, will serve fruit drinks 
and "slushies." 

"Hopefully, it will give some vari-
ety and bring some new clients 10 the 
Price Center," Goodman said. 

Bloomies, the Price CenterfIower 
booth, is scheduled to reopen next 
week in the Price Center after a brief 
disappearance from campus follow-

be perfect in order to comfort-
ably reach that stage that would 
give the students unrestricted 
use," said Hellmann, who in-
sisted that the actual date of 
completion would be early Oc-

. tober at the latest. 
Hellmann culded that he is 

pressuring Moran Construc-
tion to commit to a date be-
cause "it's very important to 
the university and the cam-
pus to have the RIMAC fa-
cility on-line as soon as po~­
sible . " 

The delayed completion will 
save students from having to pay 

ing a period of reorganization. In 
addition, the game room on the 
second floor of the Price Center 
will receive a lighting upgrade. 

Goodman said that the Price 
Center is not the only place on 
campus slated for more student 
services. The decks at the old stu-
dent center will be refurbished and 
Wells Fargo will most likely in-
stall an A TM there by the end of 
May. 

According to Price Center Di-
rector Jim Carruthers, nei ther the 
copy data center nor the juice bar 
will cost students because the 
changes will be funded by private 
vendors. 

However, Goodman said that 
the lighting upgrade in the game 
room and the new decks in the 
student center will be funded from 
student money. 

the $70-per-quarter fee for 
RIMAC next quarter. 

According to Lockwood, 
Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Joseph Watson has sent 
a letter to the registrar with in-
structions not to include the 
RIMAC fee in Fall Quarter's 
bill . 

The fee is likely to be as-
sessed next Winter Quarter, 
following RIMAC's opening. 
Lockwood said that students 
will then continue to pay loans 
on the facility for the next 20 
years until the bonds financing 
its construction are paid off. 

NEWS 3 

NOW ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIlE 

tofwtrJ/o. ;If tilT R w/etd 
I ServIng the UCSD pre-medlcal community since 1985 
* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D,'S-OF-THE-FUTuRE * 

• INfENSlyt: MeAT preparation & medical school application! 
admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MCAT t:XPt:RTS: an independent program laught by UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGlNA1l>& not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
• 10 WEEKS (150+ houni) of detailed in-class instruction & real MeAT 

testing, problem solving, readinglwriting workshops, review groups, 
mw school application & admissions strategies, & tUloring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MeAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT-quality limed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-clas.~ & take-home practice. 
• P1REer CONTAer with young UCSD docs & med students, 
• DJD)8)NG. pre-me<! library & med school applicalion help included. 
• WWEB rumoN than other courses. 

(;R()SSl\1()~'r IN MADRID::: 

JUNE 13 -JULY 18 
snJDy IN SPAIN nus SUMMER, 1994 
AND 0BfAIN UP TO 8 UNITS OF 
'I'RANSFERABI.E SPANISH CREOn. 
READ • REAR • SPEAK • LEARN • WRITE 

ACQUIRE INCREASED RIJENCY. 

PRICE: U,S2S.00 INWJDa: 
• Round ttip airfare 
• Room and board for 3 weeks 
• 3 meals a day 
• Tour <i Madrid, Spain 
• Weekend excursions 
• Hotel accommodations 
• Bus transportation 
Far b ......... mil 
PNfaIorPul ...... ' 

1(,; 1-00 (' \1 2'12 . Olli!!' .!OO ·I\- I 
1.1 ( ' lilli\!' .IIHI IIIT!,l'IHk ((,I") ;" ; -!).!!) I 

STUDENT TRAVEL 

1-800-777-0112 ST/j 
STA 7RAVEL 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial BolIfd 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, CoPY Editor 

DAN KRAUSS, News Editor 
DOUG ALEXANDER, Opinion Editor 

7I>e UCSD GuatrllWl 10 publiohed twIca • _ It the Unlwrslty of c.l1fom11. s... ~. Contents 
0199-1. Views •• preIHd _n __ t the INIIOttty _ 01 the adkorial boetd. 8I1d ... not 

nocellllftly thOM of the UC BoI'" of R ..... tl . the ASUCSD. nor the anti .. GuatrllWl I~. 

Charges of Election 
Violations Were Petty 

The arguments against AS. autonomy have only gained more 
credibility with this year's A.S. Council. Just when we thought that the 
council's bureaucratic pettiness had reached an apex with the constitu-
tional convention and the infamous three-hour council debate over 
whether to approve a transfer of funds from Voz Fronterieza's printing 
budget, we were blessed with the A.S. elections. While this yearly rite 
is seldom without scandal, election '94 surpassed nearly everyone's 
expectations. 

By mid-campaign week, AS. partisans and wanna-be bureaucrats, 
most prominently Wally Lockwood, had filed trumped-up election 
violation charges against the two alternative slates, Students First! and 
Revolutionary Action Challenging the Establishment (RAC.E.) The 
first alleged violation, leveled against VP External-elect Naomi Falk, 
was based on her use of a document that contained the A.S. letterhead 
for a campaign packet she distributed to the Interfraternity Council. 
Members of the AS. claimed that Falk's use of the A.S. letter, which 
was included to provide an example of the work she had done with A.S. 
extemal, violated election bylaws by implying that the A.S. endorsed 
her campaign. In addition, the guardians of stupidity further claimed that 
Falk's use of the letterhead, coupled with the fact that Falk had written 
the letter while she was a paid AS. employee, was a "clear" indication 
that she used A.S. funding for her campaign. After the Judicial Commit-
tee restricted FaLk from campaigning, Wally Lockwood found another 
infraction: the alleged use of an A.S. A-frame to post campaign 
paraphernalia. Lockwood was forced to drop the allegations, however 
- he had no evidence of wrongdoing. 

Similarly unfounded charges were filed against AS. President-elect 
Poncho Guevara and VP finance candidate Emelyn de la Pena of the 
RA.C.E. slate. These allegations centered on the Student Affirmative 
ActiOf) Committee's(SAAC) endorsement of the R.A.C.E.sLate(Guevara 
and De la Pena are members of SAAC). While it's true that, as a 
university organization, it may be illegal for SAAC to endorse candi-
dates, implicating Guevara and de la Pena in these violations rings of 
MacCarthy-style guilt by association. 

Some council members, however, seem to think that a student 
organization's endorsement of a candidate-which is illegal according 
to AS. bylaws - is the fault not of the endorsing organization, but of 
the candidate. Such skewed thinking prompted the AS. to rule that 
SAAC's election endorsements, which were publicized with flyers, 
were to be counted against the R.A.C.E. slate's campaign.funding. 

While the AS. election bylaws serve an importantfunction, ensuring 
fair CIJllpaigns and fair outcomes, they were clearly misused in this 
election •. Mixing A.S. ineptitude and bureaucratic nplity with partjsan 
politics can be d\sastrous. although it may make for an entertlining 
sideshow. . 

Chi Yandalism Signals 
Need For Cultural Center 

The defacement of the cwCaU mural sbouId be UCSD'. Wlb-up 
call. list week, vandals painted words IIId hate symbols - induding 
a IWIIIib and an inverted a'OSS-on the colorful portraiIs of Malcolm 
X. Oar Otavez IIId Ansela Davis. The defacement of the mural, 
whidI is currendy being cleansed and reoonstnJcted, is not only a 
aiminal act of vandalism, but a disturbing indication that racism, in ilS 
most blatant and grotesque form, is alive and weD at UCSD and greater 
San Diego. 

In a sense, the defacement is particularly significant because it 
wasn't the work of white-power hatemongers. If the neo-Nazi fringe 
had been responsible, the vandalism would have undoubtcdly been even 
more violent, but the neo-Nazi fringe is just that - a fringe. 

The vandalism was not an aberration. As the juvenile scrawling of 
the words "Janet Jackson" on the picture of Angela Davis and painting 
of a second tongue in the mouth of Maloolm X indicate, the Ole 
vandalism emanated from the mainstream. The perpetrators were 
probably "average," middle-class kids - they could have easily been 
UCSD students. . 

As members of the Cross-Cultural Center Coalition have righdy 
argued, this incident is radical indication of the need for a CI'06S-cultural 
center at UCSD. Such a center would provide a mudt-oeeded institution 
for the education and understanding of different cultures. well. help 
to rccnait and retain undem:spresente IIUdeaIa. 

There will be a raUy against the defacement of the Q6 mural-and 
the Iact of administrative IIId A.S. respoase to this crime - today all 
p.m. Attendees are asked to meet at the SAAC ofIice, 2nd &or of the 
Price CenIer. AU ItUdenIi. staff IIId faculty are eoctJUI'IIDd to aneod. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 14, 1994 

PINION 

IN THE FACE OF HATE 
COMMENTARY: The defacement of the Che Cafe mural with swastikas and 
other hate messages is indicative of the racial tensions at UCSD 
By Gay. Johnaon is her reaction to this crime which was directly against 48 
Senior Staff Writer percent of the UCSD student body? The administrltioo is 

Lastweek'sdefacementoftheCll6CaUmuralwasan aIaonowhcre to be found. WherewasChanoellorAdciJlllon 
unusually direct statement for UCSD. WhiJe it came as a when people of color were attacked? This is a crime 
surprise to many students, for many studenlS of ooIor, it against the entire campus, ODe which demands recogni-
was merely a blatant expression of an already ten8e racial tion from ilS strongest representatives. The Lack of re-
climate. sponse by the A.S. aDd the Idministration is a prime 

It is rumored that a group of punk mete .. became UJIIeI example of the ladt of CIOIlCIel'Il for the welfare and weD-
when a ~ concert was cancelled, 10 they defaced the being of IIudeaII of ooIor at UCSD. 
mural of MakloIm X. cesar Qavez and .. '"r--....... So what is to be done? Many groups 
Angela Davis with IWIIIibIIIId other have already mobilized to upRII COD-
hatefu) words aad symbols. What Ibis cern and 0UIJ'a&IC over the defamaent of 
says IIbout the type of dieaIeIe wIaicb the mural- aDd the sileoce IUIIOUIId-
frequeda the co-op is IIIIlJiaUoua, but the ing this ICl. The N_ 'dtlsllm bas 
audacity of the perpetrators is deIr. To become involved in"tbe AASU'. re-
vandalia IUda a symbol of ItIugIe aad I!p08IC, and there wifI be a rally this 
revoIutioa is an iDdic:aIioa of the ipo- Thunday for aU CXJIICCI1IDd .1Idellls, 
noce IIiII JII'CICIII in La Jolla aad ~ .. aDd faculty. 
It is ..... rotate .. eye for .. eye, bat ADOtber iIIue wbidt .......... 
wbII is impodaat is ..... thole who COIII- with tbe cIe6Icement oftbe Q611l1111l is 
-:..-.a oL!..m_.--I' .... _ -.L...do ....-. --.. ...... -au 
-----. ..... --., • __ ..... _., theiMueof~·_ •• _,tIIioa 
.,. cbooIC to lee the cIaaaer ia this Itt. .. aI ........ M 'p To ....... the &ct thIt tbe <lI6 C. 
knDw .... tbisis~whidtwill_ .. .,~lnflct,lbisactof"'''' tile ME ............ :=:'::':=of-::-~ 
done the oppoIite ofwhll it was inIended ... .,... tIIIII: I city1XlUDCil iIICIIlber HIMy Milt ... 
to do: it baa broupt DIIIl)' COIDIDIIIIity ...... tI..... pc!IIedOlldlem ...... Apy-ri&l*activ. 

groups,Nationof~:e~~~the ~ II........ istlDda.oflbefintopealy-pymeato 
____ Willi lUI....... wiD publicoftice, Milkwalaaer __ 

AmeI ... attJaDto ......... thlaiae. ........:. Once IiDItecI. 
UCSD'. raction to~-:w. of the .. E c.tII 'ellik The April 11 iMue of'. GtMrdia 

defacement is. surpriIin&. There was ..,,. cllll.... repoIted !bat IDIIIJ of the people at the 
:,==-a.e:=:.~= ..... d....... =~=r:.:-~~ 
was not fJin& to be IddreIIed by the ...... we... eem.CoIlidoa. Wbeatbearticlemeo-
A.S., administration or any formal cam- h •• d too _, tioned that the poIICr of Harvey Milk 
pus repraentatives. Even at the press.. tII8I: ..... was ripped down at tbia press COIIfer-
conference there was only a hIndfuI of ILl I: ~ encc, it implied that act was doae • a 
concemed students. The reac:tion by the ... ott. r.v.nt statement by the coaIidon. 
student population is a lORY indication ••• _ .. not...... This is untrue: The &ct tbat.theposter 
of bow much we think racism is relevant pro*'.m was ripped down .. ys~abouI any 
to our educaIion and future place in ..... aIIepd plans by the coIlitioa to exclude 
society. From thoae who have awom that theIe thinp bomoIexuals from the future ~ CIIIItier. The 
"don't hIppen 1II)'IIIOIe" or who prore. shock at inc:i- ... of.'1 em.ion bas ClOIIIC in .. lime breadI. the 
dentasach.dICIe,IDOWheironly~.retualtobe ICQIIIIioas cl exc:Iudina wbile maIet .. ala ran 
vocal at I auciaI time. ceaIer,lIIII it briap yet"" iIIae of COIIIICMU)' to tbe 

The main aaIpritI in the lack of respoIIIe to thiurime. fore6oa 1boup DO one ... formally .... ...w tbe 
are the AS. and the admiJIiscraIioa Where is AS. Presi- a.1itimt to .. wIietber~ wiD be i8dIded iD 
deal Carla TCIIk'. Ieaer to the G".,.,. or UIIiotI- the edaIioaaI ... of the ~ _ ..... 
1WIJae1 Where WII Carla Teat aI the AASU rneetina. haw been dwllriap aD ewer c...,. cco-'1 ... iIIue. -
MEQAlIIOCtiDaorSAAC ........ aftertheclltac-..t The &ct tbalabe palla WII ripped .... II .. .... 
ocx:uned?Aaa .... ilWllllliveofalUCSO .......... wIIat See...-n, ,.'8 

.. 

Thunday, April 14, 1994 ' The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Choosing a form of birth control is an imPortant decision - Norplant and Depo-Provera are two effective alternatives 

BIRTH CONTROL ALTERNATIVES 
By Heather Haxo PhI ..... 
Staff Wrtter 

For years, couples who engaged in 
sexual intercourse had very few op-
tions for birth control. Contraceptives 
such as condoms and the pill were not 
effective enough or were simply ' un-
suited to a couple's particular needs. 
Other contraceptives, like some types 
of the lUD, were so unsafe that they 
could be downright lethal. lf a couple 
decides to use contraception, they need 
a method that is effective, safe and easy 
to use. Within the last few years, seVe 
eral new forms of birth control have 
become available that give sexually-
active couples greateroontrol overtheir 
bodies and lives. The two most of 
which are Norplant and Depo-Provera. 

Being 99 percent effective, 
Norplant is among the most reliable 
contraceptives available. It works as 
well as sterilization. Norplant is also 
reversible. It consists of six soft, flex-
ible capsules that are placed in a fan-
like pattern under the skin of the 
woman's upper ann. 1bese capsules 
are virtually invisible unless the 
woman is either very thin or muscu-
lar. The outline of the capsules under 
the skin can be felt, but they wiD not 
break or move around once in place. 

The capsules have to be implanted 
by a penon specially trained for such 
a proc:edurc. A woman must fust go 
througb exteDSive counseling to en-
sure that Norplant is the proper c0n-
traceptive for her. Afterward, the 
placement procedUJe itself takes lO-
IS minutes. Once the capsules are 

can 

implanted, they are virtually trouble-
free. The Norplant system is effective 
within 24 hours if it is implanted 
within seven of a woman's menstrual 
period. There are no pills to remember 
or messy foams to deal with, and the 
capsules last for five years after im-
plantation. 

Unlike some other forms of birth 
control, Norplant offers convenience, 
comfon, reversibility and long-term 
effectiveness. It is easy to use and 
doesn't disrupt sexual activity. Be-
cause of its reliability, Norplant is a 
particularly good option for a woman 
who may be considering sterilfzation 
but is not ready to make a final deci-
sion. On removal (which can be done 
at any time, not just at the end of the 
five years) a woman can beoome fer-
tile very quickly again. Norplant is 
not permanent or disruptive of a 
woman's ability to have children after 
the capsuIes are removed. Norplant is 
also good for women who want to 
avoid a daily contraceptive or do not 
wish to use one oontaining estrogen. 

However, Norplant does have some 
dra9lbac:ks. It does not protect against 
S'IDs (sexually transmitted diseases). 
This is big disadvantage, especially for 
college students who have a tendency 
to be more promiscuous than other age 
groups. In addition. the woman's bleed-
ing .. tteru may change, especially in 
the first year. Also, after insertioa the 
woman has little CXlDtroI over the drug 
itself - it must be inser1ed and re-
ntOYed by a clinician. 

Norplant seems so great that there 

inhale 

ALL THE 
SPAGHETTI YOU WANT 
FOR $599, induding salad and garlic bread. 

And to wash it all down, '500 COORS UGHT or 
MICHELOB DAn PITCHERS. 

No coupon necc.ary. Just brill, your ItUdcat ID and say I want it. 
ANY DAY •• .ANY TIM&. 

77 .. IIGINTs In. 1no~ mill"' •• ', FOB 
VONS SHOPPING U -,.. DBIJVBU 
CENTEl _ID. DlalIa...,. 546· 7666 IIGI \IIIid .. ., ....... L ______ -,....,....; .. _-_'-__ .. ..;');..... _______ ~ 

must be a catch. WeD, there is: Norplant 
is expensive. The capsules and the 
procedure can run from $400-600. 
However, many family planning clin-
ics do offer a sliding sca.\e where pa-
tients pay based on ~ir level of in-
come. Though this may seem like a lot 
of money for birth contro~ it is ec0-
nomical for some couples. You just 
have to pay that sum once, and then 
575 upon removal. There are no 
monthly packets of pills or boxes of 
condoms to buy. 

Although Norplant itself is rela-
tively new to the United States, the 
material in the capsules has been used 
in medicine for over40years. Norplant 
is considered very safe, and most clin-
ics do offer this as a viable birth COIl-
trol alternative. UCSD's Student 
Health Services does not offer im-
plantation, though they sell the 
Norplant system, remove it aDd give 
referrals of those in the San Diego 
community who are trained to im-
plant the capsules. Other family plan-
ning clinics, such IS Planned Pareot-
hood and womanCare, offer oounsel-
ing and insertion and removal ser-
vices for Norplant. 

Depo-Provera is anotber new form 
of birth control available, This contra-
ceptive is injectable, and it laslS for 
three months. The UCSD Student 
Health Services does offer Depo-
Provera - it costs $45 for each shot. 
Other family-planning clinics offer 
this fonn of birth control as well. 
Prices vary according to clinic, espe-
cially those with sliding scales. 

Depo-Provera, like Norplant and 
sterilization, is extremely reliable -
over 99.7 Percent effective. This means 
that for every 100 women who use 
Depo-Provera exactly as directed for 
one year, less than one percent of the 
women are likely to get pregnant. Over 
15 inillionwomen worldwide have been 
using Depo-Provera for over 30 years. 

Depo-Provera appeals to many 
women who would also Like Norplant. 
It has almost unquestionable contra-
ceptive efficacy and contains no estro-
gen. It appeals to those who have dif-
ficulty with daily contraceptive regi-
mens and those who find barrier meth-
Ods (like condoms or diaphragms) in-
convenient or disruptive. Depo-
Provera is also reversible - 68 per-
cent of the women using Depo-Provera 
are able to conceive within one year 
and 93 percent of the women within 18 
months after their last injection. 

Depo-Proveragivesa woman more 
control than Norplant because it needs 
to be re-administered every three 
months. It is also very oonvenient -
one injection in the buttock or upper-
arm will prevent pregnancy for three 
months and its birth oontrol effects 

begin as soon as one has her first shot. 
Also, Depo-Provera is safe for women 
who are over 35 and/or smoke. 

Like all forms of birth control, 
Depo-Provera has its drawbacks. It 
offers no protection from STDs, This 
means that Depo-Provera, like 
Norplant, is only a viable alternative in 
monogamous relationships and/or 
when pared with another fonn of birth 
control, such as condoms. Another 
drawback is that Depo-Provera often 
causes changes in the woman's men-
strual period. There is also a tendency 
for women to gain weight while on 
Depa-Provera - from 5.4 pounds in 
one year to 16.5 pounds over six years. 
However, adverse reactions were re-
ported by less than five percent of over 
3,900 subjects that used this method 
for up to seven years. 1bere was linle 
or no overall increased risk of cancer 
shown in long.term clinical trials. 

Choosing which form of birth con-
trol to use is a very important decision. 
This article is by no means sufficient in 
describing all that one needs to know 
about Norplant and Depo-Provera. A 
professional healthcare provider should 
be consulted before any kind of deci-
sions are made. UCSD'sStudeot Health 
Services can help in this area. Women's 
sexual heath information sessions are 
held every Mooday from 2-3 p.m., Tues-
day 10-11 and 1-2, Wednesday 11-12 
and 1-2 and Thursday 10-11 and 1-20n 
the second floor of Student Health Ser-
vices. 80th men and women are in-
vited, and no appointment is necessary. 
For further informatioo call 534-5337. 

If you're taking one of these tests, take 
Kaplan first We teach you exactly what the 

tes~ covers and show you the test taking 
strategies you'll need to score your best. 
No one teach~s you to think like the test 

makers better than Kapla~n~. ___ 

277·6744 
KAPLAN 
..... cIte .......... . 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 14, 1994 

UCSD A HOS'!'II JE ENVIRONMENT FOR STUDENTs OF COLOR 
EcUtor: 

Two events occurred last week 
that testify to the hostile environment 
in which students of color are forced 
to live at UCSD. The first, the publi-
cation of a curious lener in the Guard-
ian from a certain Mark. 1. Huston 
claiming that the proposed Mesa Col-
lege Cultural Center "institutional-
izes racism." The letter is a colJectjon 
of drivel ofthe sort we have heard too 
often in the last ] 2 years in this coun-
try. What is curious is that the UCSD 
student newspaper would devote sO 
much space to events taking place at 
Mesa College. One can only assume 
that the letter is aimed at the proposed 
cross-cuJtural center at UCSD. 

The claims made by Huston about 
such centers are not new and are 
easily countered. In response to the 
charge that "[the center] does not 
bring together groups to be Ameri-
can," we would argue that all the 
represented groups are already 
"American" but that the term itself 

UNITY: It is 
important not to lose 
focus of issues 
Continued from pea. 4 
conference is, at best, problematic. 
Tearing down the poster was wrong, 
especially because it weakens the unity 
of oppressed groups in the eyes of 

will have to be rethought in light of 
demographic and cultural changes. 
To the charge that such centers are 
akin to barrios or ghettos, we point 
out that the proposed UCSD center is 
cross-cultural and not exclusive in 
anyway. Every groupofgoodwill on 
campus (whether U.S. citizens or not) 
would have an open invitation to visit 
the center and learn about those cul-
tures whose members are 
underrepresented at UCSD. 

The second event is more disturb-
ing - the defacing of the mural at the 
Ole Cafe. In this case, the quiet rac-
ism that exists on campus and in sur-
rounding areas surfaces in a cowardly 
and despicable way. Such acts against 
the mural are possible because of the 
general environment at UCSD and 
the fact that the mural is located far 
from the center of campus life. The 
UCSD administration needs to real-
ize that there are serious problems 
festering around campus. The Cross-
Cultural Center Task Force must act 

mainstream UCSD.lfwe are going to 
expect each other to show unity when 
an issue like the recent defacement of 
the Ole mural emerges, we must be 
equally demanding of mutual respect. 

The people who ripped the poster 
down were getting away from the 
main issue at hand: the vandalism of 
the murals. And those who continue 
to chalk "The Cross Cultural Center 

READERS' 

FORUM 
TIle GuIrtIIan ....com..t«ters WId CClfIII7IInI¥. 
Ies 110m Its 1NIMnI. AlllI!rets IIIIISt lie 110 /otWIN 
tIlIn !/We Pf/Ifi. 1)J)e<1. ~ WId 
s/IfI«I. Letters IfIOukI tJlso contlln • /lIIOM 
number. We _ Ihe ,*",t to edit for /etWIII 
WId clarity. t.att.,.. may lie dropped off III Ihe 
Guetdlan office or """ by mall, 5Md ",,//Ilters 
to: 

TIle Guenllan 
0p/nI0tI Editor 

9500 G/tnItI Dr. 0316 
La.Jo/l8. CA 92093ru16 

quickly anddccisively to find a promi-
nent site on campus for a center open 

will exclude Lesbian, Oay and Bi-
sexual issues" need to address the 
coalition in person to find out the truth 
before they oontinue to contribute to 
potential divisions by making false 
accusations. Anunderstandingofthese 
issues cannot be reached ifpeople tear 
down posters or chalk accusations on 
sidewalks. 

The need for unity is dear. It is 

to all studcDls where underrepresented 
groups are respected and given the 
opportunity to work with others to 
create a new and more inclusive defi-
nition of "America." 

Rosaan S6ndIez 
Proreaor 01 Utenture 

Ceo ... Mariscal 
AsIodate Proreaor or 

IJtertare 

Smok .... Don't 
Need to Be Saved 
EdItor: 

After reading the Guardian piece 
by Daniel J. Hurst ooncerning further 
regulation of smoking, I felt moved to 
write a personal response. 

I am a smoker. 
I like cigarettes. L like filtered 

cigarettes,non-filteredcigare«esand 
cigarettes in general. I like people 
who smoke. I like sitting on my patio 
at midnight with my roommates and 
sharing our cigarettes. I like going to 

essential that we pull together. Once 
again the administration has shown 
that it does not roncem itself with 
such matters. Once again Tesak and 
her cabinet have delivered a message 
we have heard too many times: that 
racism and other relevant issues are 
not their problem - that they are best 
dealt with by groups like SAAC. And 
once again, the students are without 

parties and bumming cigarettes off 
of people I've never met and I like 
going to parties with a pack of ciga-
rettes and distributing them to other 
people I've never met. I like the buzz 
and I like smoking after drinking 
heavily. 
. I appreciate non-smokers' desire 
to help us "poor fuckers," but I don't 
want your help. I want to live another 
30 years and then die. Death is never 
pretty no matter how healthy you are 
when you kick the bucket. 

I hope you are able to avoid me so 
that you can live until you're 90 and 
need a nurse to help you go to the 
bathroom. I hope your chromosomes 
stay nice and neat and aren't screwed 
up by my deviant behavior. I like my 
chromosomes freaky. 

The solution? Legalize marijuana. 
If I could buy pot in quantities suffi-
cient to cook with, I'd never spend 
another dime on tobacco products and 
we could both live smoke-free lives. 

Peter Kaplan 

the support they need and deserve. 
But that is not cause for division or 
failure. With community groups sup-
porting the students of color on this 
campus, this will be an issue that 
everyone will be made aware of, like 
it or not. Because it should affect 
every student and, every student to be 
at the SAAC offices at 1 p.m. on 
Thursday, April 14. 

Make ~ons. Be a Star. Write Opinion for the Guardian. 
for information call 534-6580 

r--------., I II, 11lliutium Dr larle I 
I ,a,urt. and get I slIall r I 
: :e':~FHEE : 1="0°,l'1li • I 

25% 
OFF 

01 Con •• 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
D~ N I 

I La JIIIa l:11li1 mo Reoents Road : 
Ste. 108 in the Vons Shopping Center 

I lIMn 11,':30 Sun.· TlIuB, • I HOF,t 'Sil. I L ________ .I 

Choose 3 shifts 
ach_k 

M-Th 6-9:30 pm 
cri. 4-7 pm 

Sat. 11·2 or 2:30-5:30 
5u~ . 2-5 or 5:30-8:30 

~ Master Mechanics 
=== vw • AUDI • CHRYSLER ===== 

• 
619 450-9494 

• BRING THIS AD TO RECEIVE A 20% DISCOUNT 
ON SERVICE' REPAIR OF AUDItS' CHRYSlB'S 

Must pr--.t coupon 
and void UC50 D 
at lime 01 esIImate, 
Not voIId "'"" moIot enQhe 
ex IrCJnlmiajon rapah, 
5120 AuIoport Mal 
San DIego. CA 92121·2114 
LocaIed In .. AUfOPOIr MAlL 

htdEnginel 
IIdc ... Valv .. 

Air CondIIIoIIit Ig 
AlIa wae.r Cooled 

OutctMI • Electrical 
MaII .... 1CInCe s.mc.. 

Tune-1JpI • GkIIa .,..... 
LIsIm ., counsel aM rIJCftIe 
tr&Slrllctkm, 1INII)(lU II1II)''' 

..... tn)lOfU ItItItr days. 
-~/J:ZO 

Located near Fifth College and new Visual Arts buildings, above Outback Adventures (MAC711) 
Come apply or call 535·1433 for more information 

•••••••••• 
• YEllOW BltICK ROAD • 
• Family Amusement Centers • 

!4FREE! 
; GAME: 
: TO~ENS: 
: c..,..,cuM .. ~. E1rp. 5/JI"', : 
• • 
• • 
•••• • ••• 

Serving ' UCSD 
form lei Jolla 

LJ r~; 1) 
PI:. ( 11 .. • .• , (J. d,·", 

}>\, ( •• ' It d 

Tbunday, April 14, 1994 

At BuHalo Exchange, we bu 

sell & trade fashionable cloth 

directly from you, for cash or trad., 

seven days a week. 

-

• DESIGNER • LEATHER 

• VINTAGE • RETRO • Jl:a....w 

• 

The UCSD Guardian 

, 

..-....-...... erence. 
Join your fellow students and American Express 
in support of the 10th Amma1 Hunger ·Cleanup. 

On April 16th, students from your school and local residents will pitch in 
together, participating in a nationwide event that assists worthy causes while 
helping to improve conununity life across the nation. 

The Hunger Cleanup is a three hour "work-a·thon" where you take part in a 
conununity work project such as painting a shelter, cleaning a playground, or 
starting a neighborhood food garden. And the funds you raise .in sponsorships 

for your work will be distributed by the event's organizer - the National Student 
Campaign Against Hunger and Homelessness. 

Your school is among 190 participating this year, making Hunger Cleanup the largest one-day conununity service event in 
the country. American Express salutes all the volunteers and is proud to be the sole national sponsor. 

Since 1984, Hunger Cleanups have raised almost a million dollars, with the help of over 70,000 students. People like you, 
making all the difJerence in the world. 

~ pt Involved witll B ... er Cleaaup, caU 1-800-NO-BUNGR. 
~appq tor tile Amerlean Expreea- Card, call 1-800-«8-1393. 
• I".~~ ......... __ 5orv"-~, ..... 

'= 

7 



8 NEWS 

REGISTRAR: 
Continued from ,.,. 1 
tinue to collect social se-
curity numbers for finan-
cial aid purposes, but distri-
bution of the numbers to 
other depanments on cam-
pus will be discontinued. 

Students have always had 
the option to change their 
identification number to a 
random number for the cost 
of a new identification card . 
However, according to 
Hickok only a half-dozen 
people have done so in the 
past five years. 

After the registrar re-
ceives the final proposal 
from the A.S., the Adminis-
tration Computing Office 
will research the cost of a 
change and determine the 
feasibility of execution. 

If the cost is determined 
to be too great, higher level 
administrators will decide if 
the proposal should still be 
implemented. 

. '''". ~ 

UPTE: 
Employees cry foul 
with sellingofG&RS 
Continued from .... 1 
(UPTE) that represents G&RS 
employees, believes that these 
decisions contributed to tbe 
department's 1992 losses. 

Martin also produced a copy of 
a brochure printed on Graphics 
and Reproduction Services' 
presses for TCS, Inc. that he says 
was printed in February 1993, two 
months before Assistant Vice 
Chancellor Laura Long made the 
decision to subcontract G&RS. 
The brochure explains that ''TCS 
is a full-service company with 
three internal departments: pro-
fessional graphics and design, ad-
vertising sales and publishing, and 
a state-of-the-art printing facility ." 
Pictured in the brochure as repre-
sentatives of TCS are several 
UCSD employees at work on 
G&RS' s presses. 

TCS later won the bid for the 
purchase ofG&RS. The adminis-

The UCSD Guardian 

tration, however, did not make the 
final number of bidders public. 

Shonly after the bid dead-
line in July 1993, Graphics and 
Reproduction Services Direc-
tor Bryan Powell retired from 
UCSD. In August, G&RS's em-
ployees allegedly discovered 
that he was working for TCS . 
Employee witnesses claim to 
have last seen Powell at 
G&RS's print shop in February 
1994, working on behalf ofTCS 
as a liaison to the university. 

However, Melman wrote in a 
letter to UPTE on March 24, 1994, 
"Currentl y Mr. Powell has no offi-
cial capacity with UCSD and to 
our knowledge no association with 
TCS." 

Martin said that UPTE has made 
several written and oral inquiries 
into these and other concerns and 
has filed a petition to the chancel-
lor signed by a majority of the 
employees. "[The university] has 
failed to answer even the most 
basic questions regarding the sale," 
said Martin. "What are they trying 
to hide?" 

Beca.use thiS 

Martin also alleged tbat tbe 
university may have violated a 
state code against sales that have a 
negative impact on affirmative 
action. Since No.vember 1993, 
UPTE has made multiple written 
requests for the ethnicity break-
down of G&RS employees, infor-
mation that the union contends is 
on every university hiring form. 
The union has not yet recieved the 
information from the university. 

UPTE President Jelger 
Kalmijn said that the 
university'S response has been 
"complete stonewalling. It is 
the absolute minimum informa-
tion at the latest time possible." 

Tomorrow the university will 
assess its options and decide 
whether or not to sell G&RS to 
TCS Enterprises. TCS must first 
meet its half of the "benchmark" 
agreement, which states that TCS 
must generate $1 million in a new 
revenue to be considered for the 
deal. 

If the university does not sell to 
TCS, it will weigh the advice df 
independent auditors Coopers and 

'~It's a free country" 
. stuff only 

o VIM U .• .A. Incl. I ... 

goes So far.: 

It's everywhere • 
you 'want to be 

Tbunday, April 14, 1994 

Lybrand to decide whether to re-
open the bidding or liquidate the 

de~ent. 
''They bave shown complete 

disregard for the employees 
after all tbe time and effon they 
gave," said 14-year employee 
Tom Williams. "They just don't 
care." 

Williams said that when the 
employees asked about the sta-
tus of their jobs they were told 
that tbey would be given "pref-
erential rehire." 

Williams also urged UCSD 
departments and staff to use the 
Department of Graphics and 
Reproductions . Services for all 
of their printing needs. "Our 
future may depend on it," Wil-
liams said. I 

UPTE has received support 
from, Assembly members Mike 
Gotch and Didi Alpert, and State 
Senators Steve Peace and Lucy 
Killea. 

"We're getting good support 
because the facts speak for them-
selves," said Martin. "We will not 
let this die." 

Athens 
_doni 
Mstcrdlm 
London 
Tokyo 

$435' 
$319' 
$110' 
$155' 
$160' 

'M lira .. ach .." bIs<d ..... ooundI7ip 
poo<:hIK. T .... not included. Some ratric· lions tppIr. _ 51_ 1lIIY II< rcquRd. 

.... _If ....... ." 
Council Travel 

Summer J.,..se Shady 
InteMin 6-wk ...... at l.ewia .t: 
a.t CdIcp ia PordIDd, ORJaly 18-
AlIa 28. En 12 quWr In. SIUdy 
IJa&. tllfleYela).t: CIIlIIn witb J..,... 
_ ........ 011 tIaeme °NIbn.t:!be 
~01'llree"'~ 
JmIIRm iac:bu .... 'Prior I ...... 

. IIDdy 1m[ NqUiIIId. 
OntaWlII- ...... .......-- . 
m sw CAIIuIIU, wee 1750 
I'oIdaIIII, OR mol 
1W. (5CD) 22:).7938 PIX (50S) 223-7946 

Thunday, April 14,' 1994 

ERIC 

SI:HMIDT 
It's Only a 
Game, Kids 

When a young Guardian 
writer penned a remarkably 
naive condemnation of soccer, 
I thought some readers might 
take issue with his column. 
Strangely, not only did a large 
number of readers disagree, 
they got offended. 

It seems that soccer is 
serious business to many 
people. Fans riot yearly at 
soccer games, killing -in 
support of their home learn. 
J usl yesterday, another riot 
delayed tbe completion of a 
soccer match. 

Such seriousness is by no 
means relegated to soccer. 
Baseball is Anierica's pastime. 
Millions of pfl6~le pay big 
bucks to watch grown, sweaty 
men bump inlo each olher in 
foolball, baskelball and olher 
contact sports. 

Our South Africa correspon-
dent Andrew Reynolds 

The UCSD Guardiaa SPORTS 9 

Chuck Noo .. _ln. ... ""_ 

reported Ihat a cricket match 
received more attention than a 
presidential debate in that 
beleaguered country. Right 
here on campus, students bet 
their hard-eamed cub on 
people who swing little sticks 
at fISt-moving proje<:tiles. 

Goalkeeper Leona Mnon allowed only eI&ht .... In four,...... to anchor ... D .... •• ucla Toururpent tlta.wtnnl,.. ....... 

Tritons Dominate UCSB Invitational 
People everywbere take 

sports very, very seriously. To 
these people, I have one thing 
to say: ,,'s only a garM! 

NO CONiEST: UCSD drowns Cal Poly SLO, Pomona-Pitzer, UC Davis and UCSB to capture tournament title 

If you're too serious about 
sports, snap out of it. Think 
back. In kindergarten, you 
played a lot of games: baseball, 
blSketbaiI. football, Qutos & 
Ladders. You cried when your 
player slid down the long chute 
back to square one. 

Although you sporting types 
bave chanpd sipc:e dlOIe first 
losing experiences, one thing 
remains the lime: It seems a 
majority of sports fans wbine 
like babies or throw violent 
taIltrUJIls like maladjusted 
tccJ1l8Cn when their little 
teams 1010 their bi. pmes. 

Wby wbiJle wbeIllpOrtS are 
IIOCbiIIa more IbaIl • primitive 
form of entertainment? Most 
sports are repetitive,. wIpr. 
boring, repetitive, expensive. 
time-consuming and repetitive. 

Taite basketball. Players run 
around, throwing. ball inside a 
big bubble-dome. They have to 
bounce the ball on the ground, 
or else tbey are in big trouble. 
unless they are very well-paid. 
in which case lbey can 'practi-
cally walk to the baaket. 

See GAME, Page 11 

By lIMn 1(. Hutto 
Spons Editor 

The deepesl, darkestdesc:riptions 
of Dentes' infamous 'nferno pale in 
comparison to the horrors whicb the 

nation's 
women's water 
polo teams 

. must endure 
when /faced 
with the 1994 
Triton band of 
win-thirsty 
warrion. 

Coaches 
around tbe 
United States 
continue to 
drown tbem-

IClves in pooIa of swear trying to ' 
find a miracle cure torid tbeir squads 
of Head Coacb Denny Harper's 
merry pale of demons. 

Nothing seemed to work lut 
weekend u UCSD decimated the 
UCSB Invitational field to solidify 
its national top-seed ranking. ' 

Harper's hardcore cast this year 
includes'sucb experienced vetenns 
IS Brandy ROIl, Allison "Blender" 
Dunn, Alison Westpbal. Leona 
MuOn, leanifer "J.P." Payne and 
Julie Swail intermixed with talented 

THI WEIK AHIAD 

• ... 111111 Sat.-5un., AprtI18-17. at Menlo. 12:30 p.m. 
CrMn SIL, Aprtl16, at S.D. City Chwnplonahlpa, 7 a.m. 
.... III Fri., AprIl 15. VI. Redlands It NCR, 3 p.m. 

M. T ..... Today, AprIl 14, VI. WMh. " Lee lit UCSD, 3 p.m. 
Sun., AprIl 17 , VI, Pofnona.PItzer lit UCSD, 1 p.m. 

W. T '. Today. lit Groumont Col ..... 2 p.m. 
S8t, Aprtl 18. at CMpm." 11 I.m. 

TrMk ........ Ai •• AprIl 15, at Pomona 11WItMIonI1. 9 I.m. 
V ........ Ai .• AprIl 15, VI. UOP It UCSO. 7 p.m. 

SM., AprIl 18. VI. bdlonllt UCSD, 5:30 p.m. 

youngslers like Shawna Caballero. 
This lineUp hIS spelled trouble for 
UCSD opponents. 

The Tritons opened the touma-
menlon Saturday with back-to-back 
crushings of Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo, 17-1, and Pomona-Pitzer. 
12-3. 

"A lot of people got a lot of 
quality minutes in both of those 
gamcs," Harper said. -We'll need 
our bench, so any time they get in 
the water helps this team im-

I mensely." 
Sunday's championship semifi-

nal pitted UCSD against the nation '5 
third-seed, UCDavis, in what turned 
out to be tbe Tritons' most competi-
tive match of the invitational. 

UCSD goalie Mason and senior 
two-meter defender Rost Sione-
walled the AgiCl' offense until the 
second half of play, and Swail made 
mincemeat of Davis' defense. 

·We were in control the whole 
way," Harper said of UCSD's 6-1 
victory. -It wu apparent early on 
that they were goilllio bave trouble 
scoring goa1s apinst our defense. 
Davis wu a lilde weak at the two-
meter position and ROIl did a won-
darful job defending the bole-set." 

The cbanapjoQ$hip matchup 

against host UCSB WIS a complele 
wash for the Tritons. Again, the San 
Diego benches were emptied in the 
early going with UCSD clubbing 
the Guachos, 14-3. 

"Santa Barbara wlSn't up to tbe 
challenge offacing us," Harper said. 
"'We were just too strong." 

Once again, sophomore hole-set 
Swailled the charge on both sides of 
the pool. 

"JlfIie Swail is doing everything 
from everywhere. She is water polo 
possessed," Haper said. "I don't 
think anybody in the nation can 
handle her either offensively or de-
fensively." 

Typically Swail draws the tough-
est defensive assignments in addi-
tion to directing tbe Triton offense 
from the two-meter position. 

"Sbe . plays two-to-two on both 
offense and defense," Harper said. 
"'Not too many players in the coun-
try can do that. 

"'I actually felt sorry for her 0p-
ponents in the second half. They 
were just dead tired and beaten up 
from dealing with her all game long. 
She's brutal," he added. 

Although just about everybody 
from Swail to the Tritons' gym bags 
got into the scoring act, fresbman 

Caballero, Blender and Payne. all 
added significantly to the Tritons' 
offensive onslaught. 

"Blender's game has really ad-
vanced and lP. is finally starting to 
get into shape," Harper said. "We 
have a real gem in freshman [Cabal-
lero]," Harper added. "She is the 
fastest swimmer we have and has 
such a complete game. She is quickly 
learning wbat it is all about 10 play at 
this level of water polo." 

The most frightening part of this 
weekend's scenario rested in the 
fact that UCSD, according to Harper, 
"'bas a long way to go before we are 
going to be at the top of our game." 

"We are definitely not playing IS 
well as we are capable of," Harper 
said. "The kids would be the first to 
tell you that. We dido 't capitalize on 
many of our opportunities in the 
Davis game and our offense still has 
a few kinks to work out." 

"I have been coming to this tour-
nament for 16 years," Harper re-
called. "After lbis I usually have a 
better idea of what the other teams 
have and where we have to go. It's 
pretty scary to think. we can get 
better." 

For the nation's coaches, it is a 
living hell. 

JOKIS, QUOTES AND ANICDOTES 

&1fkI.? T"I$? 
Iel HouEy? 

_-__ ~,\ \ 111./ , ,;--
, 



10 SPORTS The UCSD Cuardian Thunday, April 14, 1994 

THE UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Men's Lacrosse 

., 

The UCSD men's lacrosse team closed 
• out its regular season in explosive fashion 

last Saturday with a 24-4 evisceration of 
visiting Sacramento State. The triumph fol-

five assists. Dave Kappler also had five goals and two 
assists, while Andrew Robinson notched four goals. 

lowed a heartbreaking 12-11 overtime loss to UC Santa 
Barbara the previous week. 

The loss to Santa Barbara the week before was 
especially hard to swallow because UCSD felt it was 
battling against two opponents - the Gauchos and the 
refs. - . 

The Tritons' battle with Sacramento turned out to 
be nothing more than shadowboxing. UCSD was ahead 
8-2 at the end of the first quarter and 15-4 by intermis-
sion. The Homets had enough trouble just trying to 

"I hate to say we were playing agairon the refs," 
senior Mark Steele said. "But the stoppages of play 
really interrupted the flow of the game. The refs bad to 
ice their arms down from throwing so many flags." 

clear the ball 
out of their 
own zone; 
they had no 
chance to try 
any kind of 
sustained of-
fensive attck. 

UCSD 
midfielder 
Lee Carter 
started the 
second half 
scoring with 
a terri fic solo 
effort. Carter 
nabbed a high 
pass on the 
right side 
about 30 
yards from 
the goal and 
headed in- Ylkov ZOIotonlY/GuM11at1 
side. He Andrew Robinson (3) netted four ,081. In UCSD'a demolition of Sac,.mento StM •• 
juked one de-
fender and then fired a low shot from 10 yards out. The 
rocket skipped off the ground and whistled through the 
keeper 's legs to make the score 16-4. Things didn't get 
any better for the Hornets. 

Despite the offensive outburst, Triton Assistant 
Coach Juan Millan was quick to praise his rear echelon. 

"'t was a positive note to the end of the season," 
Millan said. "Defensively we were very strong, but our 
offense was not very organized." 

With three minutes to go and the Tritons up 11-10, 
UCSD's Robinson was whistled for a one-minute pen-
alty for having a hole in his glove. Santa Barbara 
capitalized on the man-advantage, sending the contest 
to overtime. 

The loss made a huge impact on the Tritons' playoff 
status. With the win, Santa Barbara became the Division 
(-South champions and UCSD will be seeded third 
behind Whittier for the upcoming postseason. 

Dave Pakter led UCSD'sassault with five goals and --By area Wrenn 

Women's Lacrosse 

., 
The women's 

lacrosse team (7-
1) has had a phe-
nomenal season, 
and entering last 
weekend's action 

at Pryatel Field, the Tritons were 
deadlocked in a first-place tie with 
UCSB in the Southern California 
Women's 
Lacrosse As-
sociation. 

gained a hard-fought 12-10 vic-
tory. 

UCSD's offensive charge was 
led by co-captain Jeannie Chufo, 
who fired home four goals in the 
contest. Vesper contributed 
strongly, tallying three scores to 
keep the Tritons within striking 
distance, but the Gauchos pre-

vailed in the 
end. 

However, 
the Tritons 
had no reason 
to bang their 
heads, despite 
being handed 
tbeir first de-
feat of the sea-
son. "We 
played the 
best that we 
have played as 
a team all 
year," Vesper 
said. "We'll 
be looking 
forward to 
seeing them 
again in tbe 

OnSatur-
day after-
noon, UCSB 
came to town 
to battle 
UCSD for 
the top spot. 
Thegamere-
newed a ri-
valry which 
has annually 
seen the Tri-
tons come up 
just a little bit 
short against 
the hard-
nosed Gau-
chos, who 
have worked 
hard to main-
tain their iron 
grip on the 
division tide. 

y*", ZOIOIoItv/GuMJlIn playoffs." 
N8IICJ V..,., !eel UCSD·. IIttIIck S u nd a y , s 
....... UCS ...... W .. bnont. contest 

"UCSB is always a big game 
for us, .. starter Nancy Vesper said. 
"We have had a rivalry with them 
for u long as I can remember." 

Unfortunately for UCSD, 
Saturday's contest wu no differ-
ent from years put as UCSB held 
tbe potent Triton attac:lt at bay and 

against 
Westmont College was a chance 
for tbe Tritons to try every lineup 
under the sun. UCSD pulverized 
the Warrion by a score of 22-9 
while experimenting with their 
lines in an effort to prepare them-
selves for next weekend'. Welt-
em States competition. 

~DanKrlft 

Ultimate Disc 

• Tbis weekend ~ the rookies of the 
UC San Diego Ul-
timate Disc team 

proved that they could keep pace 
with the veterans as UC Davis found 
itself overrun by tearns seeking an 
invitational championship title. 

While UCSD fell somewhat short 
of its lofty goals with a record of one 
and five for the two-day touma-
ment, it did prove that some of the 
first-year players are really starting 
to come around as they head into 
sectional competition at tbe end of 
the month. 

A tough draw in the tournament 
had UCSD facing off against Or-
egon on Saturday morning, where it 
lost 12-7. The losses pitted the team 
against the number-one seed in the 
toumament, the East Bay Area aub. 
San Diego took quite a pounding, 
falling by a score of 13-1. 

The ultimate disc team took on 
the Salt Lake City aub team twice 
over the weekend, once on SatUrday 
and again on Sunday, when it put up 
a fight to advance in the tourna-
ment. Too many turnovers, bow-
ever, cost the team its vic:tory as it 
lost two heartbreaking games by 
scores of 13-11 and 13-10 . 

The team's one win of the week-
end came in the form of a 13-5 
poundin, against Las Poaitas Col-
lege, where San Diego lived up to its 
expectations with a peat offensive 
effort and the defense to back it up. 

A 13-4 1058 to Stanford, one of 
the top-ranked teams in the nation. 
stole some of the excitement from 
the tbe victory over LPC, but the 

Rugby 
The UCSD 

rugby team 
concluded its 
season last 
weekend by 

matched UC Riverside contingent 
to record its first and only win. 
. On the second day, UCSD 
dropped two tough contests to 
USC and host UCSB. 

traveling nortb 
to Santa Barbara to compete in the 
annual UCSB Rubgy Tournament. 

The tournament is one of the 
most popular rugby events for 
teams in tbe 
Southern Cali-
fornia area, 
providing a 
rich combina-
tionofexciting 
rugby action 
and extrava-
gant post-
game celebra-
tions. 

Paul Schattles, Ethram 
Brammer, and team captain De-
von Shea all provided solid play 
throughout the tournament, belp-
ing San Diego earn a great deal of 

on-the-field 
respect as one 
of the top up-
and-coming 
rugby squads. 

Despite 
their 1-4 re-
cord, UCSD 
coaches and 
players were 
satisfied with 
the team's ef-
fort . . 

San Diego 
entered the 
tournament 
bruised and 
battered after 

UCSD ",£by completed It. "Santa 
season et UCSB la.t w .. kend. Barbara was a 

surviying a tough league season, 
but welcomed the opportunity to 
play the Tritons in a non-pressure 
atmosphere. 

UCSD competed in five 
matches against some of the stron-
gest tearns in Southem California 
during the two-day tournament. 

On the opening day of com pet i-
tion, San Diego dropped its first 
contest to a very physical Long 
Beach State squad, 16-0. 

UCSD found the scoreboard in 
its second contest against 
Claremont, but eventually lost the 
match, 10-3. 

Yearning for a victory to finish 
off the day, an inspired UCSD club 
came out and whalloped an over-

team still emphasized the advances 
it made over the weekend. 

"The rookies stepped up this 
weekend, Bryan Qualls in particu-
lar," team president Chris Weaver 
said. "He played above and beyond 
our expectations of him ... 

UCSD is just beginning to show 
other schools that it is a force to be 
reckoned with. It is looking forward 
to section finals, which will be held 

good way to 
finish up the season for us. Mter a 
long season, it was just what we 
needed," Shea said. 

Last weekend, the rugby team 
held its annual alumni game where 
current team players take on 
former San Diego players in a 
friendly battle for much-desired 
bragging rights. The current Tri-
tons edged the alumni 12-10. 

Ethram Brammer, Mark 
Bazzet, Devon Shea and Greg 
"Cheddar" Hughes received hon-
ors last week when they were in-
vited to try out for an all-Southern 
California team that competes in 
tournaments all over North 
America. 

--By Jeremy Malamed 

at UCSD on May 1 wben the team 
plans to tum a few heads as it takes 
tbe first steps toward nationals. 

"Up to now other teams have just 
been saying 'OK UCSD, you're 
nothing and we'll just stomp you," 
said Qualls about the leam's im-
provement over the IIe8SOn. "Now 
they're not stompin', us anymore 
and we're not that easy ola win." 

-ByT,.._ 

F~ .... F1nkeIor ................ UCID t ...... 

The Week Ahead 

0,.' .. 
Sat., AprIl 16, at UCLA Road Race 

W •••• ·.L •• ' ..... 
Sat., AprIl 16, at UC Santa Serbere 

Sun., April 17, VI. Weetmont at UCSO's Pryatel FIeld, 2 p.m. 
..... 

Set.·Sun., AprIl 16-17 , South Teem Eliminations 
.... IUI. 

Sat.-Sun., April 16-17, Flnel RIICe Weekend at Memmoth 
...... 

Sat.-Sun., AprIl 16-17, at UC Berkeley ' 

. ., 

Thunday, April 1", 1994 

Archery 

Recurve Ihooters EItk ChrIsteson (1eIt) end JetJ T .. SCOIe their Irrows. 

~ Although only in its inaugural season, the young and inexperienced UCSD archery team has its sights set on making a strong first impression in the California Colle-giate Division. Competing in its first-annu.al Triton Shoot last week-
end, many of the UCSt> archers shot themselves to medal-

winning performances. 
The 9()().round event involved 30 participants sbooting 90 arrows from 

the distances of 60,50 and 40 meters. Each arrow carried a maximum of 10 
points (for hitting a perfect bullseye) and eacb subsequent ring moving 
outward constituted one pointless. 

Senior Jason Ritchie paced UCSD's efforts in the collegiate recurve 
division, tallying a total of 641 points for a second-place mark. Teammate 
Gary Kuan finished less than a 100 points behind in third. 

Val Rosa provided the most exciting performance of the day, hitting an 
incredible 839 points to win the men's open recurve division. 

San Diego made a clean sweep in the collegiate compound division 
behind the shooting of J.e. Johnson, Charles Chang and Robb Johnson. 

"Our team is doing very well," Ritchie said. "Davis is probably the best 
team in the state and we will get a good look at them this Sunday.R 

G1\ME: It's dumb 
Continued from PIle 9 

All the excitement of basketball 
revolves around the ability to throw 
the ball really well, so that it falls into 
a little hoop. Everyone loves it when 
the ball falls into the hoop, but they 
aren't so happy when the ball goes 
near the hoop and bounces away. 

So when big boys in little nylon 
pants throw the ball, everyone waits 
restlessly to see if it will go in the 
hoop. Oh, big excitement, it fell in! 
Ob no, he miSsed the shot. What a 
disappointmeat.for this rising star. 

Some claim that basketball is 
saved by thrilliagplays such as slam-
dunking, which consists of people 
nearly as tall wthe basket ju.mping 

--By Brian K. Hutto 

so they can put the ball in the basket 
instead of throwing it in. Even I've 
seen it a million times before, and I 
only watch a couple of times a year. 

Another sport worthy of hatred 
is baseball. It's too easy to bash that 
game, though .. .. 

Football is a game to detest, ex-
cept when the 4gers are in the play-
offs. Basically, they find the big-
gest, meanest kids they can and or-
der them to kill the other team. These 
are the same guys who stole your 
lunch money in grade school and 
forced you to stick your head in the 
toilet. They are not worthy of the 
respect and devotion of millions. 

Golf. is the rising star of the 
American sports world, although I 
can't imagine why. ~aybe it's the 

The UCSD Cuardian 

Surfing 
" The San 

Diego surf 
team clinched 
its second-
consecu tive 
Southwestern 

Conference Championship with 
a second-place overall finish at 
Newport Beach on April 2. 

The UCSD contingent bas 
dominated its 12-team confer-
ence competition for the entire 
year, stealing victories in all three 
conference contests. Saturday 
was the first time the team failed 
to capture a first-place finish. 

Mastering the two- to three-
(ootwaves, Tara Larkins grabbed 
Southwestern Conference cham-
pion honors in the women ',s divi-
sion, and Paul Kaplan was 
crowned conference champion 
in the body boarding event. 

The Tritons are the current 
defending national champions, 
and winning the national title 
four out of the past five years. 

This year's state champion-
ships will be beld in Oceanside 
on April 30, while the national 
championships are scheduled for 
June 24 at lower Trestles. 

Co<aptains Mark Weber and 
Brian Sanders are both looking 
forward to defending their ti tie. 

"The team is surfing very 
strong right now. We look pretty 
good for state and national cham-
pionships," Weber said. "There 
is a lot on the line. R 

-By Ellen Rhein 

fascination of watching a balding 
old man in plaid wait five minutes to 
whack the hell out of the ball, then 
straining to follow the invisibly tiny 
projectile as it heads toward a little 
pocket dug into a "green" that is the 
ecological equivalent of asphalt. 
That certainly would catch my fancy. 

I could go on like this for hours, 
but I doubt it would dissuade the 
die-bard sportaholics. 

I don't mean to condemn the fine 
athletes who devote their lives to 
their crafts, but a fan who devotes 
his life to sports is as laughable as 
someone who devotes his life to 
stamp collecting or to worshipping 
Morrissey. Enjoying a game is a 
fine way to spend a Sunday after-
noon, but don't take it too seriously. 

JAMBAi 
DROWN 11 

PETROVICH TRIO 
KNUCKLE GIRL 

SHOW IS THIS FRIDAY 6 - 12 pm 
SHOW IS A BENEAT FOR THE FOOD CO-OP 
PORTER'S PUB WILL BE OPEN FOR YOU CRAZY 
SHOW GOERS ---We will a110 be open for normal business all day and will 
have cool food & drink speciala 
nx will be available at the box office, or at the door. $6 general SS students 

SPORTS 11 

-., 

at Motophoto gives you 
• Proofs in one hour 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• Your choice of poses I 
• Finished package in 3-5 days: 

Package Includes a 
$14.95 sitting fee and 

·1-8xlO • 2-5x7 • 40 wallets 

GUD SPECIAL 
~HOIIR 
MOTOPHOTO 
& PORTRAIT STUDIO· 

Renaissance Towne Centre 
8935 Towne Centre Dr. 

L ___ _ 558-1690 _ ___ ..I 

EXTENDED WEAR 

~~ES $139 
AU 

specials include lenses, 
exam, eyecare kit and 
IoIIoW visit. 

• No AIPOImoIINT NIaswT 
51 HAllA f"AHOt 

~ •• 
,...--·NEW PATIENT SPECIAL!--, 

Costa tVertfe 'Dentistry 
'" ::J39QQ 

_ EXAM, 
" CLEANING& 
": X-RAYS IbiINngI ~METlC. FAMILY DEN11STRY 'ORAL SURGERY 

• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
• Straighten teeth without braces 
• Special introductory offer-$l50 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CAlL US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
1650 0..1 •• Awo,'" 312 

WellCClepf IIICIIt -.-..... ..., .......... cncIIt c.dI 

• 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \ t H \ 4 :F' I F \ T~ 
MAMMOTH LAKES LODGING up to 22 
peopl.. $17-125 per pllflOll Includel 
kitchen. 544-80113. (317-4/21) 

Traveling abroad this summer? Get a 
hoatellng International member8hip to stay 
at (Y11f115 ,OOO holtels wor1dwide. calt 33&-
9981 . (3128-612) 
PLANET ROCK I A mus lcel event 
featuring 3 live bands'" Friday. (4115) . 
7-1 1 p.m. at Fifth·s PepparCanyon Plaza. 
(4/4-4/1 4) 
' No one to play Volleyball with?' Social 
Connection's playing all day Sunday. 
Wanna play? 450-991 3. (411 1-4/14) 
COME AND J OIN FITWALK. Free 
fltneas walk ing program . Meet at the 
Sun God. (MonlWed 1' :00-1' :50a.m. 
or 1 :00-1 :50p .m.) (ThuralThur 12:00-
12:50p.m.) For Info cali Jennifer at 
X41824. (4/11 -4/1 4) . 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage-, 
UClD CLOTHING 
AppInI Zone Mmw .... ~4 
FaIrmaIr'a ..................... 222-0220 

UClD EATS II DRINKS BJ·. PIzza .................... 455-0882 
DomIno' . ...................... 452-UCSO 
Hany'l. La Jolla .. .. ....... 454-7381 
Java Houaaeo.VtIde ..... 457-JAVA 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
P8 Sushi ........ .............. 272-2487 
PapachIno·l. W Cdony ...... 548-7888 
Pizza Nova COllI Va ..... 458-8525 
UCSDAUTO 
Oversea Auto (MirMwl . 695-1990 
Robert·s. Misalon Bay ... .. 275-1132 
Tom's Malter Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wah .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Creative Cuts ............... 530-0590 
Young AltItudes ........... 457-3334 
We Care HaIr ............... 587-CUTT 

UCSD HEALTH II FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclary ............. 277-8255 
BeIng FIt CIInmonI Sq ..... 483-9294 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Heme Care ................ ... 682-5252 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde DentiatIy .. 822-1007 
European CycIery ........ 550-1355 
Stein Chiropractic ........ 587-7000 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Ciaaalcal Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. Selby. 0 .0 ..... .... ... .. 578-8796 
UCSDMUSIC 
Music Trader. WrwnIr .... 683-1489 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ...... .. ...... 452-0830 

UCSDCOPEI 
Cal Copy. HolIday Ct. .. 452-11848 
Klnko· •• W w.g. ........ 457-3775 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

UCSDTD1INI 
HypeI1enIIIII ............... 455-1000 

UCSD NIIIITI 
Coyote .. L.lYe ............... 2N-UVE 
J.J. Magun' •• Del Mar 5-5788 
La .lola BrewIng Co ..... 458-BREW 
P. B. BrIwtIouM .......... 274-ALES 

UCSDITC. 
Sl GerTMIn· . ..... .......... 455-1414 
Bob 0IMa c.m-......... 45f.7355 
YrItcM IIrtck Road An:Ida In UTe 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS . 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The r~ per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personill use only), $3 for faculty and stIlff, and $4 for others_ Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or: presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reS'e1VeS the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416, Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, Lalolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

PlANET ROCKI A muaical8\lentfaaturing 
jazz; Gumbo (Knuckle Girl). BItoIoIII Friday 
(4115) 7-11p.m. at Frith·. Pepper Canyon 
Plaza. (4111-4/14) 
·Par;ty In Rosarito lately?' SOCial 
Connection', going April 23-24. Wanna 
coma? 450-9913. (4111-4/14) 
WANTED: 8 paid director position, 
available at the A.S. Internship OffIce for 
the 1994-95 achooI year. call 534-4889 for 
more info. AppIicationa due Fri .. Apr. 22. 
Apply early! (4111-4/14) 
WANTED: CrMIIw PA poeIIIon-'lable 
at AS Intemahlp 0ffIca during the 94-85 
achooI ve-r. AdvertIsIng. the ~. 
fIyera. fundrailklg - knowtedge of Mac 
PagarnakaramuatlCelt534-4888formora 
Info. AppIIcaIiona due Fri .• 'Apr. 22. Apply 
-'YI (4111-4/14) 

ec.-t ... .......,and3morabnillFri. 
Apt 15, ep.m.ltf'l:lltlrs Pub. ~ $II{ 
non. (111+). 11'11 banalltfor .. FOOD CtXlP. 

~ ooma and show VCU' II.qIOftf Cal 
54&&DI for mora ,.,. (4/11.04114) 

·So What should we do this weekend?" 
SocIal ConnectIon has Sporu, Events. 
PaItIes. Cel450-9913. (4111-4/14) 
Now th.t'e cooll .. ILAGRO BEAN 
COMPANY - Beat bHr at the beat prlc:eal 
(4/14-4125) 

The Multl-Cultural Student NeIwoItt will 
take a trip to LA's Mu .... m of Tolerance 
on Sunday. April 24. Intarastad Itudents 
ahouId elgn up with Sandra Suthef1and In 
the 5th Collage oa.,·s office. 534-2237. 
Colt II 15. $3 for the lim 20 to Iign up. and 
free for drlverw. (4114-4/21) 
Mark YIU caIendIn for Tluaday. ApI 211 
FlIti CoIage'S CeIebnIIIon ~ QAne ,.. 
flagship pmgrIm •• A PaIIpon to AIia,. wII be 
held from 7 -&p.m. In the FIfth AaIIdenoa HIlI 
ClI8i Food .... 1Ii ••• ~nlaJIInI __ 
from .. conIInent ~ Alia, AdmiIeIon II flee + 
open to .. r:U*. (4/14-4/21) 

E'IPLO' 'IE"\T 
Poetal Jobe AvaHablel Many poIitIons. 
Great banefIIs. call 1-800-438-4385 Ext. 
P-3387. (4/11 -515) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Needed youth 
camp counselors. sklboatdrlvers ... Ulng 
and surfing Instructors. Hiring now. apply 
In person at MI .. ion Bay Sportcenter. 
'010 Santa Clara Place. 488-'004. (21 
7-4114) 
COUNSELORS : CAMP WAYNE. 
brotherlslater camp, N.E.PA. 6123-8/211 
94. Have the molt memorable summer 
of your lifal Coach... taaehars and 
college-age studente needed to t.ach at 
'peelalty area.. Loll of other jobs 
avalt.bl • • ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS. 
Thursday, April 14th from 10-4:3Op.m. 
Sign up Student Employment Office with 
Chris Alaxander _ For mora Information 
call 1-800-758-2287 or 518-889-3217 
or writ. 12 Allevard St .• Lido Baech. NY. 
11581. (317-4/14) 
Opening new ofIIcn. Got too big too fast 
need your help. All majora welcome. Fff 
and PIT 1IVIII.tIIe. SerIous InquIrea only. 
Call 284-2805. (3/21-4/14) 

INTERNATIONAl EMPLOYMENT make 
up to $2OOO-$4OOOImo teaching bulc 
corweraatlonal English In Japan. T--". 
or S. Kor ... No teaching background or 
Aalan languaga. required. For 
information .. (208)832-1148ex. ~878. 
(3/28-8/2) 
CRUISE SHIPS HIRING Eamupto$2OOOl 
mo on Crul •• Ship. or Land-Tour 
companle • . Summar and Full tlma 
employment available. No experience 
r-..y. For IntormatIoncall1-2Q8.C34-
0488 ex. 051178. (3128-8(2) 

TENNIS, TENNIS, AND MORE TENNlSI 
Camp C8naden1is. Pocono MountaIna. 
Panna. Excellent residential aummerboya' 
and glrta· 8UIIIIMf camp. Wa are looking 
fortannls InItrUctora. If you playcompatltlve 
tennis and fest you can Instruct children, 

~call8()().832-8228-aummer~ 
6121/'84 to 811W94. (3/211-4/14) 
EnvIronmentally conscloua co. PoaitIve. 
oooperaIIveolllces. Elcpanding rapicIy. great 
SSS potential. For IntaNiew cal 450-0504. 
(414-4114) 

ALAIKA SU .... ER E .. PLOYMENT -
Earn up to "'000. in two month • . Room 
andbolrdl TrwlllPOflBllonl MIIeorFemaIe. 
No experience necesaary. call (208)545-
4155 ext. A5976. (414-5126) 

(;m)SS\lO\T 1\ \1 slnl \. (;1:1:\1 \\Y. 
\ \» S\\ ITI.EHI. \ \I)! 

SUMMER 1994 
UVE IIId SI1JDY ia Ibt .. CoosIaare Area f1l 

AaIIria IDd eeheq }QUI' GeI-.... I~ IIdIIs, 
whDt ,. bnIIdr:a ,... cabunl kDowledp 

r.oar.. oIieral: 
(-. . ....--..... ) 

• ~ IDIt220 11V1I221 (JaEIM' ' 'Adnnmd)S t.mIIs 
• !ienD8I CWWS ..... I11250 11W251 3lJnIIs 

AU. 00lBS All 1m 1IIIL'S IIIINGIII: 
nIOWIIS fJ_1WIIiI ~ 1~J3) MIl 

Z4 MY! II .... _ J3·JU.Y 18) 

PlIO : $:1,785.00 • 
.... _ .. '.11: 
• Rouad Trip AiIflft 
• 3 MaIs per day 
• Arcm.1IIlCbrIions 
• GrouId TI'IIISpOI1IIion 
• Midweek I: WeeI!md Q8'II 

EmnIcIB 
*IftICJ sr.ata7'70 aM2 

1Ir" d .... ' 

Piano player needed. Must eight-read & 
transpose. Thera Is pay. Cell Stephanie at 
220-8000. (4n-4114) 

ATTENTION STUDENTSI Immediate 
positions available with TII'n Hardinger for 
Aaaembly. HoItailng International. Good 
Road NeIwoItts(p.r.), 1nt8rN1C Inbmationa 
Service, (comm.). American Cancer 
SocIety (p.r.). Equlfa)( (c .• .• eoon.). Signet 
ArmorIita (bu.I.). Oddo. Cok.Kerr, & Hunt 
(p.r.). Condo Management Magazine 
(adver.). and InIIiIuta of the AmerIcaa 
(raseardI). For more information oontact 
ASIO 534-4888. (417-4128) 
SludantJobefor 1 ..... _ 5 houraIWeek. 
W1our. ProvIde .vent planning aarvIcee 
and develop crHtive maas media projacta 
to dilcourage aIcohoI-lrnpaIr8d driving at 
UCSO. Orle"taIIool -'on: 4120. 8:()C). 
7:30p.m .• PrIce Centw SP/LA Room. For 
mora information call DIIIynn. 534-2418. 
(4111-4/18) 

Toney Pines MoI1gage Banking company 
.... ralpollalble loan track_ to worIc-
4p.m. to IIp.m. Sunday through Thurdly. 
Job focue Is to ,..,. inquiries from the 
branch network to aet-up and lock In ~ 
loans on the mainframe. Requiramenta: 
atrong communication Ikls. 100key by 
touch. and typing 40+ WPM. (4111-4/14) 
Models-Female. ewlmw .... and lingerie, 
I. calendar. prlntwork. video. no 
axperieIa.--y. no _. 578-7188. 
(41' ,-4/25) 
FUN IU .... ER JOB • Take my IUrf 
grommata to beach M-F and work on tan. 
Hours flexible. Must have car and 1Wim. 
PoasIbie room availabla for 1UITIITI8I'. Cal 
273-4848 evenlnga. (4111-4/14) 

FINAlIlONTH HIRING :""Studentworks 
painting Is now hiring branch operators for 
the summar of '94. Eamupto$15.000and 
gat the IluIIw-a exper1anca of a lifetime. 
CaIIl-«lO-3114-8OOO. (4111-4128) 

Attn.: Ex-managers from Collage Pro. 
Student Painters. ate... OUr firm has a 
aartoua postgraduate position for you. For 
recruiting into. call: 1-800-TO-CHECK. 
(800-882-4325) (4114) 
Considering • career In salas and 
marketing? Get you foot in the door before 
graduation. We're looking for ambitious 
Indlvlduala to help us grow locally and. 
nationwide. Training provided. 457-0748. 
(4114-4118) 

FREE ROOIIIBOARD - Only duty Is stay 
horne 8:3Op.m.-7:3Oa.m. each night. Cell 
Carole 454-2882. (4/14-4/21) 

rot( ~ \I.E 
Sid UpI' The ,..... getting WMI'III1 3 

~ tor.... Ideal for IiOYIce or 
acMIlCed ........ 0". 5'10", ST. I wII 
take belt oIfWa.!W8-8304. (3110-4/14) 

Thunday. April 140. 1994 
, 

NEW FlGUREI a. 01 ~, booIt 
enargy, look gr .. t! BrNkthrough t.t 
burning welghlloeaey8tem. FINumpIeI, 
call now 1.e<JO.287-3OeO. ~14) 

FOR SALE: Dining rm. tabla leO; hiking 
boot, alll .. thar AeoIo $55, Surfboard & 
wat.ult $551$50; CD/ca ...... lvldao 
Itorag. caaea S61HdI; obo. 58NI872. 
(4/4-4/28) 
B.autlful Queen Futon: Firm grean 
maItreI8 (exira fDIIm). ".,,., pine frame. 
$150 abo. 288-2247. (417-4/14) 

EncyclopedIa BrInanIca, The GIMt Book. 
Collection. 'and Compton', Encydopedla: 
BRAND NEW. UNTOUCHED. and STIll 
IN THE BOXES. $2100 worth of book • . 
(over 120 priltlne voturnee). a IteaI at 
$700. 288-2247. (417-4/14) 

60 gal. filhtankwlth equlpment. $'OOobo. 
Ask for Sarah. 558-8732. (4111-4121) 

King .ize mattr_ and apring-box for aaIe. 
good cond .• 595. 450-9615. (411 , -4/18) 

8'4' surfboard and wetau~ Alaada, good 
quality/condition. $1001each. Saxophone 
excellent condftIon. $800 obo. VIc 558-
0518. (4111-4/14) 

Mazda RX-7. 1Q83. choc. brown, &pOlly. 
5-apeed. 831<, Itareo, AC. Iota ofaxtru. 
$1500.554-0880. (4111-4/14) 
'FOR SALE: Microwave oven and stand 
$25 ; Futon Couch $100; Twin Bed 
Mattr ... and Box Spring $1 0; 3' Tropical 
Plant and Stand $20; Larg. Hanging 
Plant $10. 454-48'8. (4/14-4/25) 

Communlcatlona package: the Intemat 
awaits youl 2400bpe V.42bIa modem with 
~ aend F~ and ~ raceiYe 
FAXI Includ ... martmanUli 1.0. 0uk:IdInk 
" F~ for DOS & WIndows. MIcroaofI 
WIndowa for Workgroupa 3. , 1. MIcroIofI 
DOS e.o plus enhanced tools. and the 
MIcroaoft DOS 8.2 stap-up upgrade for 
MS-DOS 8.01 $325 oompiaIe abol call 
AIhwIn. 558-8408. (4/14-4/28) 

11185 acooter - great condo Black. Halmatl 
lock Incl. 1700 obo. Cal Sl58-7532 leave 
rTMIIIACIe. (4114-4125) 

I.N.JMITEO~PIJI I IIJ! lllmable 
oar WIIIIMIIIII equipmanI & __ 

~ by VCU' cigIrWIa 1IIta. 1800.00 
Pai 455-&428. (4114-4118) 

Dodge Lancer. Blk. '811 . Great Carl 
Loaded I 99K. 12 .• obo. Call Andraa 
@ 657-Q585. (4/14-4/2') 

Intel 488DX2-88 4 eale with 1.3GIG SCSI 
HD Seagat •• Genoa VLB Motherboard. 
8MEG RAM. IMEG Genoa VLB 
Graphicard VLB. 1.44 floppy. keyboard. 
mouse. DOS, Window only $1 .175; 
HIPACHI SCSI CD ROM SI 75; extemal 
SCSI 900MEG $175. L .. ve Measaga 
453-4723. John. (4/14-4118) 
Outback Advan1ura Gift certificate. $47 
value. Hli for 130. Good for hiking. 
backpacking. camping !¥'d surfing eqpt. 
Fun. funl Call Torn 457-<!,~8. (4114) 
Surfboarda for ..... goodliblldltlon. WatM's 
warming lIP. get out thIra: Ask for Mike. 
552-0820. (4114-4128) tl. 

Cute baby bunnlesl Nather1Ind ow.rves. 2 
montha old. rJrocIgray. low II'IIIinI8nIrlc 
pall. only $10 MCh. ~. (4114-4/18) 

VoIkIwagan 94 - 10 yaM - 100K mIIeI 
guarantH and tr.e 2 years mai .... ICI. 
457-1824 - Heceor. (4/14) 

c.briotetVoltlWllgarl111115nowwllttyooog 
buy.r. flnanc. ptan. and 10 YHrs 
gueranIM. 457-1824 - Hador. (4114) 

SuI1boMII SM35. AatIIn 1oYeMIIt$15. 
Rattan ooIfee tillie, gIMa top 1315. Cell 
272-0482. (4114-41'8) 

Thunday. April 14. 1994 

AttentIon gultariltll DOD FX88 !>uper 
StenIa ChoNa. The bell DOD cho!UI 
av.iIIbIIt. Mint oondItIon. S40. DOD 0FX8 
OIgbIOeIay. Recentlypurdlued. eom.. 
with IJO"I' adapter. $80. PhM 857-9231 . 
(4114-4/18) 
IBM typewriter + atand $100. PNVey TNT 
'30 amp $200; EJectone basi guitar $ '40; 
Fender Bullet USAmade$150; Brua table 
limp 135; PhoneMat8Anlwaring Machine 
S40. "Allin exc.IIent condition" call Flynn 
!168-O3159. 94/'4-4125) 

Wheel locka protect you tireI and rim. 
from being stolen. Send $20 to SVP. '2n8 
VIa Tan:aID. San Diego CA. 92130. Send 
make. mode. Hurry now for your free gift. 
(4114-4/2') 

IIOl ~I"\C 
Will ahare 2 bedroom furnished apartment 
with mature female-1/4 block from Scripps 
Oceanography and beaches. Utilities 
included. Raferancaa required. Available 
411/94. Phone Alicia 459-0489 or Elizabeth 
454-5558. (31211-4/1) 

3-bedroom condo near UCSD. UTC 
available In September. S1140/mo. 
Call Nina 792-6453 or leave message. 
(4/4-4/28) 
CHEAP UVING - Summerlyearty $6901 
mo. 2 badrooml2bath - N. Clairamont .. 
All UTIUTIES INCLUDED! Chris 272-
8758 leave meaaage. (4/7-5,19) 

Room for rent In townhouse. quiet area. 
fumilhad. w8lhar.dryer. close to campus. 
kitchen privileges. ava~able now! $4251 
mo. UtiI~1es included. 450-6935 or 453-
6164. (4n-4/14) 

MASTER BEDROOM AT RENAISSANCE. 
2 to share or 1 to share with cool roommatel 
Rent negotiable. Cell Kriaty at 535-1711. 
(417-4/21) 

lITC, Own room. own bath Ina two bedroom 
apartment. Pool. 112 utility. famale called 
Angel 825-2445. (4/11-4/14) 
Summer aublet. own room. mIf. wId. pooV 
epa. gym. Available June II-Sept. 30. 
$300. 452-5620. (4111-512) 

For Rent: Home. Cardiff. 3 bedroom 2 
bathroom. unfumiahad. beautiful. fireplace. 
new kitchen & paint & landacaplng. quiet. 
convenient. fenced yard. pate OK. $1200 
Indudeegardaner$water. May, 942-3098. 
(4111-4/14) -

F\xMiI •• --.:I. OM'! bedroom and bati, 
Ialnlryfacilieapool.jacuzzi.Sa1JpIRIn:.:h. 
1325. 27'-6311 . Tom. (4/1'-4/18) 

0aI ~HeIghta$375 + 1/4utll. Own room. 
8hara bIIh In condo with ttne females. 
Nearlhopplng. Tennis. waharldryar. pool. 
12 rnirUes from UCSO. No smokers or 
patI. Jell 251-.. ,. (4111-4/18) 

Femala roommate wanted to .hare 
Meat-. apIf1mant for tal qu8Iter only. 
NIS. C111453-8445 ASAP. (4/11--4(18) 
FemIIt._ .. , .. neededto .... ~ 
bedroom_ FuIy ~, waharldltyar. 
....... cIoae to tdIoaI. CIt! now 450-
.. URGENT1 (4114-4/21) 

All 
HAlRWfS 

: Mcn's "'aim's _ $15 
I includes shampoo, 
I rut & blow dry . 
I lVd.,., II1ekoMe/ 

: CuAnvE Curs : 
I HAIR a NAnS I 
: Qarlhrut,. ... , , , pIIbs: 
I 6780 MIl ... 14 '108 I 
: BeIiad CIlIa). • M-P 10-7, SIL 9-4 : 

t;j(}:f};!lllJ 

Singi. room avalt.bla. Naar UCSD. 
Wuitrlltldryel. FanWe only. S3S0. lNve 
-. at 552-0188. (41'4) 
lITC-La JoIa: Aptoe and towmomee , -2-
and 3 BO. All_111M 457-1580 carole. 
(4114) 

COOLI Awesome condo. GARAGE 
including ba1hroom: $2OOImonthl Free 
laundry. pool. jacuzzi. 1ltIWIPapeI'. bus. 
558-8323. (4114) 

PASSPORT PICTURES I Only $5.95. 
While you wall. Xeroxes and more. 
Near SI. Germains. 452-9949. (10/ 
25-6/2) 
FEAR OF FAT: Supportive Individual 
peychotherapy for eating disorders. with 
Deirdra Price. Ph.D. (PSYI2135). 491-
9272. (3/7-4/26) 

VlOIinNioia le&&OllS. You oryourchlld(ren) 
can learn from an experienced . 
profesaional teacher. Now accepting 
students- all agee and lavels welcomel 
Ask about summer rates. Call Conrad: 
466-0525. (3/28.et2) 

PROFESSIONAL EDITING/ REWRITING 
of papers . theses . dissertations. 
monographs. George ribbon. 299-2420. 
(3128-<4125) 

Word Processing: Academic manuscripts. 
papers. theses. books. letters. applications. 
Confldentiai/AccuratelFast service. Mary 
Ann 452-9439. (3/28.et4) 

Shipplng/Movlng? Get your stuff 
together. we'" do the rest. 1 to 1000 
pounds. The Packaging Store. 800-792-
2299. (4/4-4/28) 

CLARITY SERVICES. Ed iting : 
proofreading. comment. . Tutoring : 
writing . math. ESL. Test preparation. 
Experienced. professional. reasonable. 
294-4860. (4/7-4/25) 
Babysltter for hire. All ages: can provide 
references. More info. call 558-8732. Ask 
for Sarah. (4/' 1-4/2~) 

WORD PROCESSING: Dissertations. 
Th_. Term Papers; QUAUTY laser 
printer. FAX modem; reasonable ratee; 
451-0'30 - Bath. (4/1' -515) 
HAVE THE TVPtNQ BlUES? Need help 
with term papers. reports. resumes? Stop 
laboring over your typewrlterl Don't 
hesitate. call APRIL'S WORD at 870-3235. 
M-F, 9 to 5. (4114) 

HaalyouraeIflllllurllly!"BImInate:~. 
wrinkles, balding. gray hair, opetatio"s. 
IIIlMC1lptioo 18, pain. acara. call: (8'9) GlJT-
MIND. (4114) 

MASSAGE: Learn/receive therapeutic 
body WOIII. 0rIantIiIIP0Iyn hailing 
touch. Ralaxatlon. deap mu.cle. 
Certlficatioh (818) 488 8483. (4114) 
COUNSELING. Confidential, non-
judgmental. Peraonal. Relationship., 
AcederT*;, VOc:IIIonIiI. SpirIkIaI. NuIIIIonII. 
SeKuaI. Improve: grades. trwnoaa, llletll 
(1181413-3171. (4114) 

INDOOR ROCK CUMBING 
ITS NOT JUST ANO'THD GYM 

-ITS AN 

LARGEST 

ROCK 

CLI .. BING 
GY ... 

SQ. FEET OF 
CLIMBING 

UREI 

....... 
... 

The UCSD Guardian 

\\\"\TED 
HERPES SUFFERERS SOUGHT for 
reeeerch project to reduce frequencyl 
-ny. FrN non-rnedlcaltreatment. 498-
88150. (317-4/21) 

UCID ""Ioal C.nt.r needs healthy 
valunt"rs. ag .. 18-SO, for a 2 hour 
study about eye blinking . $10 plus 
parking will be provided. Call Deb at 
543-2314. (3/31 -5/31) 
EARN CASH OR MOVIE TICKETS 
FOR RESEARCH PARTICIPATION! 
English-speaking college men needed 
for PhD study in psychology. SeSSions 
take 45 minutes . Help me fin ish 
graduate school l Call Carr ie . 
evenings. 527-0776. (3/31 -4/28 ) 
NEEDEDI Healthy famaIea with regular 
menstrual cycles. not on BC pills. for a 2· 
3 hour eyeblink study at UCSDMC 

(H~lcrast) . $5hlr.CaII543-2314. (3/31 -5126) 

Opening new officea. Got too big too fast 
need your help. All majors welcome. Fff 
and PIT available. Serious inquires only. 
Call 264-2805. (3/28-4/14) 

TENNIS, TENNIS, AND MORE TENNISI 
camp Canedensis. Pocono Mountains. 
Penna. Excellentreeidential summer boys' 
and girls' summer camp. We are looking 
for tennis Instructora. If you play competitive 
tennis and feel you can instruct children. 
pleaaecall800-832-8228 -summer season 
6/2' /94 to 8/19194. (3128-4/14) 
Photographer needed. Possible pay. Call 
Stephanie at 220-8000. (4/7-4/14) 

Drummer wanted for funk/metal band. 
Speed & double base a plus. Call James 
453-4779. (4111-4/18) . 

Healthy voIuntaara ages 18 to 45 years old 
are naadad to particjpate in a UCSO Medical 
Center study examining the elfect of sound 
on the eyebIink reflex and on brain waves. 
Compensation will be provtded. Call 543-
2494 for information. (4/14) 
MODEUNG~SEEJ(JNG: NewF8C815 
for PRINT (Magazine ads, PosIIIrJCamlog) 
TRACE SHOWS & PROMOTIONS! (619) 
745-1827. (4114-4118) 

LO~T \\ It FOl \ I) 
Lost '93 c:Iaas ring on Tues. 415. Women's 
restroom. Blake Hall. If found. please celt 
457-8213. Great SentmtI value. (4111-4/14) 
$75.00 REWARD. Loat silver/gold Citizen 
WIIII:tl. loat March 18 finals week. Please 
cal 548-9446. (4111-4/14) 

Lost WILSON BASEBALl MITT on Third 
FIeld. P1eua call 452-8588 If found . (4111 -
4114) 

PEH~O"\ \I.~ 
uaa. I met you and your friend BaItJera In 
RoaarIto (YIIfII1nIk. Had a graeI time and 
I em aony I miIaed you It Orteya' •. I WIr1t 
to get In c:orac:t. Ted MuIphy - 714-721-
1181 . (417~ 

•••••••••• 

: FREE: 
• FROSTED. 
: MOCHA : 
• When you buy one • 
• at regUlar price, • 
• Up;noiaoo 0.. July 30. • 
• 

Noo ..... _ ..,. ....... ........ • 

•••••••• 
* Home of tIN Worltls Finest 

CAffiu· 
* Hi &.st OIIT CAjfre on Site 

with tIN FrrslNst CAjfre 
.IIwu..k. 

Costa Verde Center 
17SIa-(_laau.) 
457-JAVA (5282) 
M-n"'Ilf-,F ... u8id, 

Set 7:30.-U .... s.. .... It,. 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Don't ever 
spend full price 
when you can 
look this good 
for less. 
Apparel Zone, 

Hilkresl Padfi( I"(~ 
931 6 .. 1.1 
413-5150 

SOO UI'''''ity A ... 
612-4061 

"I buy. 
And 

buy" . 
and 

buy ... 

10% 
OFF 
YOUR NEXT 
PURCHASE 

M., .. lid .ilh . ny .'!wr .11". 
h plff. 4/ 21/ 94. 

------

Miramar 
8250 Camino SonIa Fe 

450-3323 
SOSU EUOfIdillo 

6663 EI CljOI II,d. mondido rr __ 
460-4310 731-6161 

: " •. ' • ;. ( f '1" .' ~ r a 'I \ f ' i If'. r f 

~theJYdPefis 
due tomorrow, armltoo 
glad we're qlffi an night? 

You walt to make sure your project looks its besl when you 
tum it in. And since you' ll probably be working on it WltiJ 

the mime it's due, it's a goollhing ~ never I urn in. 

La lolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 

413-1151 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 



14 SPORTS 

{. • Medium Frozen _ 
·YOGURT-
: 99C 8:':: 
• ~ [] roqund. -
• 

Salt _ only. T"I'Pn\IIOWII. Not.-lld wth _ 
ont __ . Ono pOI'_. 

E><pno ~/7/94 ..I L _______ _ 

WOMEN AND 
INVESTING 

IN THE 90's 
APRIL 19 

12 TO 1:30 PM 
DAVIS/RIVERSIDE R~OM 

PRICE CENTER 
SPEAKERS: 

JAN AMATO . CUTtrltD r lNANCIAL PL.ANNU 
All SHETULA. A[GI$T["D R['U.UTATlY< 

TOPIc: 
LOOKING OUT FOR 

NUM8ER ONE: 
TAKING CHARGE OF 

YOUR II'INANCE. 
SPONSORED BY WOMEN'S CAUCUS 

RSVP: YVONNE REID·HAIRSTOII 
8Y APRIL 15. 1994 
534-8298 

THIS AD 
COSTS 
ABOUT 
$30. 
CALL 
534-
3466 
~ ~ 

,~ Hot Sake 
~ , & California Roll 

,.,t lJIHh"_ 

t THE UNIVERSI1Y OF SAN DIEGO ScHOOL OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 
~ cordially invites you to an 

INFORMATIONAL 
OPEN HOUSE 

with introductions by 
Dr. Charle. TEPUTZ 
Director of MBA Program 

and Dr. Greg.GAZDA 
Director of MIB Program 

THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1994 
Forums A and B, Hahn University Center 

6:00 p.m.-7:30 p.m. 
Our w:uity, studcnl5, i1umni, md administntors want to meet )'Ou md provide 
infon1lition ~ our MAsTER OF BUSINESS AilMoosnAT1ON - MBA 

• VenJurr MantJgemmI • SuppqJ /tIanagtmtm1 
• ProgramJProj«1 ~ 

MAsTER OF IrmRNATlONAL BUSINESS - MIB 
ADIIISSIONSAND FlNAHcw.Am INlOllMAnoN 

The USD ScHOOL or BusIlllSS offers ... MCSB kmditfd Prognma • £xpm f«uJJJ 
• &tning councs • Small c/QSscs • FInimdIlJ ~ • FIuiblt part-time stu. 

RSVP 01 ~ c.w.1800,248-4873 14524 01 1111'280-4524 

You've Heard All 
The Talk About 
National Service. 
Here's A Chance 
To Get Involved. 

T here's been a lot of talk about national service lately, and VISTA is right at the forefront. If the idea of 
service to your country sounds exciting, call 
415·744·3016 for more information. 
1M p.'" IJ!. lUll' IfWIIt",,,,,, jDin VISTA. 

Yln .... __ ....... 

The UCSD Guardian 

RII ..... RIIUJIII_: 
- Send your entry on an 8112- by 11" 

sheet of paper along with your name, year 
in school, college YOl! attend at UCSD, 
major and phone number to: Sports Edi-
tor, UCSD Guardian. 9500 Gilman Drive, 
0316, La JoIa, CA 92093-0316. Oryou can 
drop It off In the letters Box in the front of 
the Guardian office, located on the second 
floor of the Old Student Center. 

- The entry with the most correct 
answers, as determined by judges, will be 
declared the grand-prize winner and will be 
recognized when the quiz answers are 
printed the following week. In the event of 
a tie. a drawing will be held to determine a 
winner. A maximum of 15 correct entries 
not selected as the grand-prize winner will 
be considered runners-up. 

- The grand-prize winner wi. receive 
a free dinner for two at BJ'sChicago Pizze-
ria located in Ja Jolla Village SqU8fll. Run-
ners-up will receive a free pitcher of Amstel 
light Beer or soda. A list of all winners will 
be posted at BJ's each week and winners 
need to show identification to claim prizes. 

- UCSD students, staff and faculty are 
eligible to enter, except for Guardian staff 
members and employees of BJ's Chicago 
PimrIa. 

-On~ one entry per person. No mass-
produced entries wUl be accepted. Entries 
must be at the Guardian office by noon 
Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within two 
weeks of winner's posting, after which the 
prize is forfeited. 

'I1Ib Week'. Qaesdou: 
1. Who recently won the 1994 
Master's Golf Toumament? 
2. What NFL team has the oldest-
performing team band? 
3. Who hit the first Ranger home run 
in the newly-completed ballpark at 
Arlington? 
4. 'What hockey team, which won the 
1993 CampbeU Conference champi-
onship, was recently eliminated from 
the NHL playoffs? 
S. Who holds the world record in the 
men's pole vault? 
6. What major league baseball player 
hurled the first no-hitter of the sea-
son? 
7. What American multiple-medal 
winner won the 1972 men's swim· 
ming tOO-meter freestyle? 
B. What player won the 1994 men's 
Australian Open title? 
9. Who's the winningest jockey in 
horse racing history? 
10. How did the UCSD men's varsity-
eight aew team finish at the 1994 San 
Diego Crew aassic? 

Last Week'. Aaswers: 
.1. Which current major league base-
ball manager has won over 1,900 
games in both the American and Na-
tional Leagues? Sparky Andersoa 
.2. Who is the new head coach of the 

Thunday. April 14. 1994 

Dallas Cowboys? Barry Switzer 
• 3. How many major league base-
ball teams has currenl aeveland in-
dians pitcher Jade Morris played for? 

Four 
• 4. Which bockey team won the 
1991 Stanley Cup OIampionship? 

PIttsburgh PaplDs 
• 5. What baseball player was re-
cently suspended indefinitely by the 
LA Dodgers for substance abuse? 

Darryl Strawberry 
.6. Which Division I school was the 
first to receive the NCAA's "death 
penalty" for footbaU recruiting viola-
tions? SMU 
.7. What woman's tennis player 
has won Wimbledon over eight 
times? Martiaa Navntllova 
• 8. What male golfer won the 
Master's Tournaments' back-to-bac:k 

. titles in 1989-901 Nick Faldo 
.9. Who converted the winning bas-
ketin the 1983 NCAA Men's Basket-
ball Championship pme? 

Lorenzo Charles 
.10. What team won the Division III 
1993 Men's Golf Ownpioosbip? 

UCSD 

-This Week'. Wlnnen: 
.GnndPrize 
Sachin Saste, Sr., AMES 
• RIlIlMn-up 
Samuel ClIu, Sr., Mol. Biology 
Chris York, Sr., Economics 

Mustangs Gallop by Slumping UCSD 
KICKED: Tritons lose fIfth-straight match; succomb to Claremont College, 6-3 
By MuraU Moorthy 
Staff Writer 

With a losing streak hanging over 
the Tritons' heads, Coach Tim 
Ditzler demanded to see some signs 

of life from 
his men 's 
tennis team 
(7-7) on 
Wednesday. 
The Tritons 
responded 
with some 
good play, 
but it was not 
enough. 
Claremont 
College 
handed the 
Tritons their 

fifth loss in a row, 6-3. 
In Ihe top singles spot, John Cross 

fell 6-3,2-6, 6-3 and Vern Yarnell 
did no beller at the number-two slot, 
losing 6-1, 6-2. 

Roy Gessford played well against 
Claremont's number-three seed 
Chris Sadayasu, but could come no 
closer than a 6-1, 1-6, 6-4 loss. 

Fourth seed Rob Ho also fell 
victim to the Stags, losing in two 
close sets, 7-6 (7-5), 7-6 (7-3). 

Dan Brounstein dominated in the 
fifth slot, racking up a 6-3, 6-2 vic-
tory, while EricSteidylmayerstayed 
cool under pressure and came away 
with a 6-3, 7-6 win. 

Down 4-2 going inlo doubles 
play, the Tritons needed a clean 
sweep 10 win. That dream ended 
abruptly as Cross and Yarnell were 
outmatched 6-3, 6-4 in tbe number-
one doubles posilion. 

Number-tbree Brounstein and 

Anand Shah also fell , 2-6, 6-2, 6-3. 
Anchoring the number-two 

doubles spot, Gessford and Ho upped 
their season doubles record to 9-2 
with a smooth 6-4, 6-2 win. 

For over three seasons the two 
have lost only one Division III 
match. "We have unbelievable 
chemistry," Gessford said. "When 
things are going good, we support 
each other. It'slbe same when things 
are bad. Thai's will doubles is 
about." 

Gessford's and Ho'. hot play is 
encouraging, but il will take a leam 
effort to make nationals. A win 10-
day against Wubioaton and Lee 
(VA) at the North Campus Courts 
would not hurt, bul the team knows 
that Sunday's home match against 
Pomona-Pitzer will be big if tbey 
bope 10 make nationals. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or. Local Anesthesia) 

OU~~~Rlt~W6",tLE 

LA MESA 
tJ'J(J 1 FI" l c h Pr Pk w y 

(6 191 G9B·G601 

MI SS ION VI EJO 
26400 L.l A I II1Wd.l 

17141 36·1·bSOO 

NEWPORT HF ACH 
·F,01 Blfell St 
I ! 1 II 8',1 1 ~ n 1 

fiil:7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES "'~.01.""" 

Thunday, April 14. 1994 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

UCSD Schools 
Golf Academy 
BACK TO BASICS: Tritons outshine pros in 
Monday's 12-stroke win over S.D. Golf Academy 
By Grea Wrenn 
Sen/or Staff Writer 

After handling its collegiate op-
ponents like a lawn tractor through 
a nest of gophers, the UCSD golf 

nailed scores of 76, while freshman 
Mike Hartford shot a 77. Alex 
Behrend rounded out the Tri ton scor-
ing with an 81. 

"The Academy was as tough a 

Den McOoweU/Gultllill'1 
ErIc Qundt (left) end ChrIs Miyake tum two In y.terd8y'. ~~ ylctory oyer The M .. te,'. Col ..... 

team aimed 
for a touch of 
professional 
competition 
on Monday . 
Hosting the 
San Diego 
Golf Acad-
emy, which is 
sort of a 
D e V r y 
Institue for as-
piring golf 
pros, the Tri-

UCSD Soaring to New Heights 
• Vekov ZoIOlorev/Gu.fII,en 

Fre.rtman Mike Hartford MASTERFUL: Tritons club The Master's College, 5-2; raise season record to 21-3 tons showed the visitors they should 
stick to courses strewn with wind-
mills by finishing 12 strokes ahead 
of one Academy team, 31 0-322. The 
second Academy team shot a 326. 

By Jeff Pnluatrt 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team pre-
pared for its bIg weekend matchup 
with Menlo College by beating The 
Master's College in Newhall~ CA 
on Wednesday. 

Steve Height pitched what Head 
Coach Lyle Yates termed "a gem," 
yielding only one run in eight in-
nings of work. 

The Tritons struck first in the 
third when Chris Miyake drove 
home Armando Sanchez on a sacri-
fice fly, giving UCSD a 1-0 lead. 

Wehavell 
convenient locations . . 

Call today for your 
next appointmenl 

211·1111 

Unfortunately, Sanchez later left the 
game with an injured shoulder. 

Height's lone mistake of Ihe day 
came in the boltom of the fourth 
when Mark Vail smacked a solo 
home run to lead off the inning. 

With the Tritons ahead 2-1, Josh 
DiBianca, replacing the injured 
Bobby Arban (hamstring), led off 
ttie sevcnth inning with a walk. Eric 
Quandt sacrificed him to second, 
and DiBianca advanced to third on a 
wild pick-offthrow. He would later 
score on a wild pitch. 

UCSD added two more runs in 

A .friend? ... 
Your sister? ... 
A co-worker? ... 

the ninth. Quandt stroked a one-out 
dOuble down the left field line to 
score DiBianca and give UCSD a 4-
1 advantage. After Quandt went to 
third on another erranl pick-off at-
tempt, Bill McKnight chopped an 
infield bit to bring home Quandt and 
increase the lead to 5-1. 

That lead proved to be more than 
enough for UCSD (21-3), as closer 
Kurt Luhrsen relieved Height (4-0) 
in the bottom oftbe ninth. The Mus-
tangs pulled to within 5-2, but 
Luhrsen struck out two of the last 
three batters to end the game. 

The setup on the Torrey Pines 
course was less than ideal. " It was 
U.S. Open conditions out there, six-
inch roughs just off the fairway. Our 
score was very good for the condi-
tions, and anyone who shot under 80 
did a fabulous job," UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra said. 

UCSD had three golfers that 
submarined that score. Dale 
Abraham and Tom Brown both 

'/'Ill /{I.,f) \}" 

competition as the collegiate teams 
we face," Wydra said. 

The Monday matchup was a 
bookend to the San Diego Golf 
Academy tournament held on Fri-
day at Whispering Pines Country 
Club in Rancho Santa Fe. The Tri-
tons finished fifth out of 14 teams 
with a 298 on a course that "some 
people call Whispering Swamps," 
according to Wydra. 

Brown led the way for UCSD 
with a 72 score. Behrend and 
Abraham both notched 75s, while 
Hartford shot a 76. 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT 
AlItO-oz. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
Remembe,.......,n $J beers are lIot dte JIIIIIe. 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(lfler1 pm) 

4475 Mission Blvd. 

$5 each 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care . . . anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, abor-
tion services, male or female 
sterilization, pre-natal care, 
annual exams, testing for STDs 
and HN, or other information 
concerning your health, know 
that Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

." Cornet ofMiMoa • Ganaelill SeaCout Square • Free parkiDi oft' Homblend . 

febnlary 
141_·111_ 
We care about 
your health 
. . . spread the word. 

274-ALES 

TAKING THE GRE? 
. A 1993 study of our program by a big six accounting 

firm documented a 214 point score increase, 
that's a gain of 20 percentile points! 

Call the Princeton Review for more .information about 
the June 4th GRE. Classes begin April 23rd . 

"elll .111., lor .... scaop Ibout 
.... GRE-CAT or ... , regullr 
GRE, we got ',m conredl" 

558-0500_ 

' ... 

-



, 
. 

16 

.... - ... ., . ... ,.. ,... 

sonBALL 
Through TUIsdIJy, April 12 
IIEN'SAM 
1 Smack Squad (0·0) 
2 Captain Fogc:utter. (0·0) 
3 Dla By The Sword (1 ·0) 
4 Grand Sam (1·0) 
5 Playlng For Peanut. (1 ·0) 

IIEN'SM 
1 Happy Hour (1 ·0) 
2 The Woolybugg .... (1 -0) 
3 SC(I .0r 
4 Rapeal (1 -0) 
5 Psi Chi Omega (1 -0) 
6 Diamond Thieves (1 ·0) 
7 Vlaw Sucks (1 ·0) 
B Bob Zupclc 's Fan Club (1 ·0) 
9 Buttafucco On Gra .. (1-0) 
10 Poo Poo (1 ·0) 

UEN'SA 
1 Sexual Chocolanla 4 (1 ·0) 
2 They Mlghl Be Glanta (1 -0) 
3 We're BaHer Than Yeu (1 -0) 
4 Lilli .. 01 Ihe Field (1 ·0) 
5 Loaded In The Ninth (1 -0) 
6 BTS (2·0) 
7 Each Hit (1 ·0) 
8 If We Win You Suck (2-0) 
9 Nul Check (1 ·0) 
10 Spur Posse (1·0) 

WOIIEN'S AM 
1 Slrokln ' The Gap (1 ·0) 
2 Lab Rats (2· 1) 
3 Alpha O's (1 ·0) 

GAilE Of TtlE WEEK 
Sluek Iquecl n. c.pI fogcutteq 
TIIlftdey. Apt I . ........ (NC""'!) 
The top two clublaquue off MrIy In 
another titanic tr .. Malking bmtle. 

GAME Of Ttli WEIK 
Happy I*w va. Ie 
1IoI*y. Apt 1 .... .,.. (NCII·NW) 
AnoIhar MrIy _ big one with 
Noe. 1 and 3 tangling tor IIlataagua 
lead, The Happy Hour lat1aI romped 
big last w .. k 2().0 to JUltIfy IIlalr 
pre .. uon No. 1 ranking. 

GAME Of Tit! WEEK 
If We WIn You luck v • • EJ IucU 
Tua8dey. Apr 1 . ... lpIII (NCR·ME) 
There', a guaranteed .ucker .1111 
slandlng al lila Ind of tIllt suck·fell. 
Personally. we like cherry looIIia roll 
pops over anything else. 

GAME Of TtlE WEEK WAM 
Strollln' The Gap VI. Mungo Mungo 
Sunclily. AII' 17 ... 5p111 (IICR.SE) 

Chris Marlowe Looks At Coed Volleyball 
What'. tile mOll lmportanl part afmeny 1M Iquadl? The I..., RltIII, afcourse. Th. whole 

_ can hinge on coming up with lIIe right I"", nam., A 
grNI RIm. and you go Inlo .vary milch up on. gam.. "til. 
captlin laY' I turd It tna algn-upe, you can .... embarrallad 
.van when til. r.t yeUI out your nam. to IIIIt ilia malch. 

Thll w .. k'. rsnklng Is lila lop Ian and boIIom tan teem 
nama from the -'d of coed voileybllH: 

"'nIllTH", eom-tI 
I Wleh I'd ThoUllhl of Thai. (Top 10) 
1. Napol.an'. Bony-Part Hlalory/DlOfOay majoR gal togeIIIer 
2. F • ., The Sm~1 Shoe Huh? 
3. Spl~ lng Porn Sta.. aon. gal through oehool _ how 
4. DNnk ,.. A S1cun~ Couldn'l be more _u,al. 
5. Volleyball .. auru. Ra. Not .hawing age 100 bed, but ~' . .. tty 
B. Bull CrKk All want 10 Grow up .. be ptumbera 
7. Special Otymplc. D,.am Team A lolly goal lor Ihla .quad . 
fl. Dead Lut .. Proud A group of campu. moIlvatlonal.peak ... 
9. Egad No Bondagel Went 10 the wrong oign.up meeting 
10 Span~ M. Mull be the JV tearn of' 3 
I, ThaI All You Could Think Of? (Bonom 10) 
1. DIg Th.. Mull he ... layad up I" night on Ihlo one 
2. SpiI<. All. good ........ ... ........ .. Keep " ""'pie 
3 . No 1IUbU·. Thill'. the -. _ 00 __ ad 
4. TIle FarokII G ..... _.- _ w_lool"", III? 
5. Chic ... Dig U. Thought 'hie w_ COld? 
e, Thellc:hmucko AI _they .. _I 
7. 001 _? S-- 10 w*""'ll w~ 100 much lV 
e, Wayne' Jeremy va, __ .... " .. 
9, W1IIII A Spill. K_...., ofilia obYIoue 
10. Sundloy Night F_ No ....... _. no-, 

SU8WAl 
NOW 

DEL'VERS 
to-pJ'dOO' 

atUCSO 
1DAYI 
&:30-~pm 

,"MEGA 
MULDEAL ~.J."'t 

... :FII 

$ 

The UCSD Guardian 
.. 

t«K~t Belle/' 
ttolte,Jall tlo.t~/e 

TIIS 1A1UINY, ..... 161M-9AM AT MIllION 
IUCH (lOMIrA CCM) 

This is ~r last chance to gel in~ in our 
big spring beech ~ IouIllOlMlll with just a 
r.w spoII_ining for both I11III and_. 
Your $6.00 entry fie buys 1011 pIenty .... 8 diffwanl 
voIl.ybo11 games (with 8 di"-nt portnen of 
the opposi .. _I, plenty 01 cirino. 
food and prizes. 

Sign-ups slill currenlly 
on·going at the 
Conyonviaw 
Recraolion 

Offica throught 
friday at noon. Call 
534-0322 lor further 
info. 

APIIl29 

APIIl30 
MAy I 

. II makes The Maslen, U.S. Open and --, other 
major look lik, 0 wwkly outing ot a m""""t 
community in Sun City. The best field 01 the yaor an 
the best cou"" in Son Oiagc!. What 0,. WI talking 

~ The'~nal-" 01 the 1M Golf Tour, UCSD's 
Major, .. All Campus Championship. 

The opening round wi. Itotu,. a huge ~eId and 
wary imaginable swing. The gracalul, Ruid stroh 01 
o low hondicoppar and the IIIarn shMI ottack 01 a 
Irua hock will be poir.d sida-by-side, This th,.. cloy 
-m _11y gats down 10 business on Soturday and 
Sunday. The field will be cut in holl ofItr the opening 
round and again olllr the second round. Some hova 
coiled this I.M.'s toughesIlitla 10 win. 

The ~rst round wil be pIayad on .. only D)9 
designed c:oune in Sa. Diego" That's right! Plenty 01 

ro~ road lies, bunbn, waIIr and uphil/~1/ 
downhiI ... Carlton Oaks Couny CUI _ the 

Tlaunday. April 14. 1994 

si .. 01"" 197 A NCAA 
Notional Championship won 
by Curtis Strange. It is only 
1 5 minulas from cornpus at 
"" and of Highway 52. 
They thought i1i.y hod a big 
Iou~ 20 ~ ago, woil 'lililhay _ what UCSO 
has 10 oIfw. Those that mobillo the MConcI round will 
... it up at .... Iwnhoa course 01 Roncho Son Diego and 
the ~naI round wi" be at Singing Hills. 

0IuIy, ~I How do 1011 gel involwdl 
Sign'upI begin on Monday down at 

Canyonviaw. The ~III'" lima is 
I ;00pm. Don'1 was" ooy m;. 

though, bacOUM spoca is 
limit.d. The $30 entry fie lor 
the opening round is ho,"" 
normal gr..-. r.. 01 this 

beautiful country club and 
includes corI. prizes (for winnen, 

closesl-to-the-pin ond long drivel 
and refreshments. It's a can'l min for 

any ~er who wanh 10IIII 

as a A·IOIIII or on individual. For 
more inlormalion or 10 sign up, 

swing by COII)'OR'Iiaw or call 53H037. 
Sea 'yoon the ~rsl. 1111 

ta" f)ltfO tolte,lo.te 
(){}UI-Tlwrtll(e, 

TiaJl'"fJJ1(~t 
IAUDAY, A11123ID-'AM AT MABa'1 PoIn, 

MIUION lay 

all cloy 1esINoI. 

A 2O-yeor coIlegia1t 
tradition that I.otures __ 
the-line twams and divisions 
from Son Diego SIoII, 
USD, and UCSO. lois of 
on, sun, ond ___ Is 
wil be be CMliIabie lor our 

T~ Wo ond enIry Ion.. available 01 
. CanJaw- IIecrdon ...... Friday, ApriI22ncI. Cal 
53A-0320 ror _ inIo. 

Come in for ~ 
UCSD'sbest t,.fII Of..- , pizza "J'I ,. 9\1-1-9.\ 

\'aft,e 

"'" • Pttt. • ............... 

~ • Dine-in 
• Carryou 
• Dehverv 

........ 

La .lola w.ae ...... 
8873 Via La JoIti Or. 

466-0882 

•• 

U C S D G U A R D I A N ART. a IN' E R , A IN. EN' APR I L 14, I 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nEUJS 
HOC K 

• Rumors are f1yiDg about a 
possible Led Zepp." re-
union, but reports are conflict-
ing. The LA. Times list week 
staled thIt !be rumors are un-
founded, butMeIotIyMflIrB, the 
British music IIbIoid, rqJOItI tbIII 
Jimmy PIp ad Rebert Plana 
were ... IaviDa • aecordiDt 
ItUdio ... and are wridaa 
IDIIIrialIor • new aIJam. 

• Ell-porn liar TncI ..... 
wbo playa ........ put in Jou 
Waters' new film sm.1 Mom., 
is workiDa on her debut album 
in London. 

• The Pet Shop Bop will 
release a limited edition of Ve", 
Reieltlless, an import that will 
contain selections from the al-
bum Relentless, due out in the 
faU. • 

LOCAL 

• The Stu.1 CollectIon 
of sculptures recently received 
the American Institute of Ar-
chitects'l994 Institute Honors 
award for its "thoughtful and 
impressive range of outdoor 
installationa.i ribe Stuart Col-
lection is one of ten works of 
art to receive the award, which 
will be conferred at a conven-
tion in May: ~lt-tour brochures 
of the coll~n are available 
at campus information pavil-
ions.lnfo: 534-2117: 

llCKEn 
• live will play with Vic 
Chestnut and Angelfish at the 
Casbah on Saturday, May 14 at 
8:30 p.m. Tickets are $10 and 
JO on .... tocI8y at 3 p.m. Info: 
22O-TIXS. 

.ncbts JO 0Il1aIe tomorrow 
at3p.m.tor ............. 
The induatriaIItec: poup'l 
IbowI in 1m ADp_ aoId out 
in a fIIIb, 10 tic::tetI for its tbow 
Salurday, April 30 at SDSU'. 
Montezuma Hall are bound to 
JOf .... TICke .. areS21.~.lnfo: 
220-TIXS. 

.• The altemative rock group 
T8d will play an all-ages show 
with Sugartooth at the World 
Beat Center on Saturday, May 
14 at 8 p.f11 Tickets are S10 in 
advance, III at the door and ao 
on .... tGday at 3 p.m. Info: 
22O-TIXS. 

INNIE THE 
POOH 

Peter Dennis pays tribute-to A.A. Milne in one-man slww 

"Wherever I am, there's always Pooh, 
there's always Pooh and Me. " 

-from "Us Two" by A.A. Milne 

Wherever Peter Dennis goes, Pooh - that famous 
"bear of very little brain" who has captured the hearts 
of children ·and adults alike throughout the world - is 
sure to be close at hand. For almost 20 years, Dennis, 
a British actor who received his classical theater train-
ing from England's prestigious Royal Academy of 
Dramatic Arts, has been performing the stories and 
poems of author A.A. Milne - the man who gave life 
to such universall y-beloved characters as Pooh, Piglet, 
Eeyore, Rabbit, Owl, Tigger, Kanga and Roo. Dennis 

See POOH, page H4 



HIATUS 2 

UTe ViIlagr 
THE PAPER ~ . 
SCHINDLER'S LIST V WHITE FANG 2 
MAJOR LEAGUE II 

SERIAL MOM 

THUMBElINA 

THREESOME 
COPS AND ROBBERSONS 

SURVIVING THE GAME 

NAKED GUN 33 1/ 3 

HOUSE OF THE SPIRITS 

Call to confirm Call to confirm 
452-7766 453-7831 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 14, 1994 

MU SIC 

Soundgarden 
Superunknown 

AaM Recorda 

Soundgarden lead singer Chris 
Cornell personifies the spirit and 
energy of the grunge-soaked town 
of Seattle. The late Kurt Cobain of 
Nirvana once said that the inspira-
tion for his band came from listening 
to an earlier Soundgarden album. 

Although Soundgarden's last 
album Bad Motor Finger remained 
in the shadows of Nirvana and 
Pearl Jam, its latest effort 
SuperunJcnown has the potential to 
bring the band the recognition it 
deserves. 

The music and emotion on 
Superunknown provides no reso-
lution and no relief. Guitarist Kim 
ThayiJ masterfully creates riffs that 
drive Cornell 's screeching but con-
trolled vocals up and down the 
musical scale. 

Cornell conjures up images of 

darkness in "The Day [ Tried to 
Live." He sings, "Words you say 
never seem! To live up to the ones/ 
Inside your head.! The lives we 
make/ Never seem to ever get us 
anywhere/ But dead." 

The opening track "Let Me 
Drown" and the title-track 
"Superunknown" attack with 
Thayil'sguitar, Ben Sheperd's bass, 
Matt Cameron's drums and 
Cornell's fervent singing. 

Soundgarden breaks the bound-
aries of metal by taking in listeners 
and lormenting them on an emo-
tional roller coaster with feelings 
of fear, anger, alienation and ani-
mosity. The greatest success of the 
album is that it reaches no resolu-
tion - either emotionally or musi-
cally . 

-DMMcDoweH 

Therapy? 
Troublegum 

Bone-crunching, angst-ridden 
rock may be the latest rage, but few 
bands wreak havoc with Therapy?'s 
finesse. The Belfast-based band 
blazes down an intriguing trail on 
Troublegum, the follow-up to ilS 
acclaimed debut Nurse. 

Therapy?'! talent lies in writ-
ing with conviction about the dark 
side of the human psyche and giv-
ing vivid depictions of acts of ex-
treme and twisted violence. 
"Knives," the first 10118 on the 
album, is • perfect example. It be-
gins with the lyrics "My girlfriend 
say. that I need helplMy boyfriend 
say. I'd be better off dead/l'm 
gonna get drunk/Come round and 
tuck you up" and reaches the con-

elusion that "all people are shil/bad ' 
trip tattooed on my brain." 

The group. also pays tribute to 
serial killer leffrey Dahmer on 
"Trigger Inside," identifying with 
the isolation and loneliness Dahmer 
reportedly felt. The track 
"8rainaaw" depicts Christ 'in heU 
ulting Judas why he lied to him. 
ft's scary stuff. 

Each of the soop quickly roUs 
into the other, creating 8 bludgeon-
ing,numbingexperience. Thccrisp 
melodies of "Screamager," "No-
where" and "HellbeUy," which criti-
cizes a car ,alesman-like -
televangelist, are ractiO-re8dy, even 
if their existential themes are not. 

-Jeff NIeMI 

Thunda,., April 14, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

THIS WEEK 

today 
Wayne and Garth try to put on a 
rock concert in W.",..'. World 
II, which shows at 6:30, 9 and 
11 :30 p.m. in the Price Center The-
atre. Tickets are $1 in advlmce. 
Info: 534-6467. 

The Tubes, a band that had a few 
off-beat hits in the '80s, will play 
with CoIdfIah at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach at 8:30 
p.m. Tickets are $15. Info: 481-
9022. 

Poets Terry tt.1z1er and .... 
don ee.m.t will inaugurate a 
spoken word series at the Newman! 
Williams Cafe Gallery in down-
town La Jolla at 8 p.m. Admission 
is free. Info: 454-1736. 

S.n Jose T.lko, an Asian-
American drumming group, will 
pedorm in Mandeville Auditorium 
at 8 p.m. Tickets for students are 
$12. Info: 534-4090. 

On the heels of the realease of a 
new albumcaIled TheDivisionBell, 
PInk Floyd brings its concert 
extravaganza to lack Murphy Sta-
dium at 8 p.m. Tickets are sold out. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

AND 

friday 
The International Style San Diego 
Film Festival will present the In-
dian film "'.y. at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Student 
tickets are $4. Info: 534-6467. 

As part ofthe 9th National Gradu-
ate Women's Studies Conference, 
performance artists K.thy Acker 
and V.rell Arlzmencl will per-
form in Mandeville Auditorium at 
7 p.m. Tickets for students are $10. 
Info: 534-6467. 

saturday 
Peter Dennis pays tribute to 
A.A. Milne's character Winnie-the-
Pooh in his one-man show 
"Bother!" in Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Tickets are $8 for 
students. Info: 534-6467. 

Norma AlarcOn and Don ... 
H."Q, the featured keynote 
speakers of the 9th National Gradu-
ate Women's Studies Conference, 
will speak in the Price Center Ball-
room at 7 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-6467. 

sunday 

rock at the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
with Creedleand Swivelneck. Tick-
ets are $7. Info: 232-4355. 

tuesday 
Cal-An image will present ...... 
Ikkoku '45, Lepnd of the 
a.'.ctlc Hero.. ". and 
Bubble.."" CrIsIs 111 at 7:30 
p.m. in York 2722. Admission is 
free. Info: 587-4890. 

The Intemalional Style San Diego 
Film Festival will present the Chi-
nese film a.IJI". "'~at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Student tickets are $4. Info: 534-
6467. 

TIle "'-'0, New Zealand direc-
tor Jane Campion's film starring 
Sam Neill, Holly Hunter and 
Harvey Keitel, shows at 8 and 1 0:30 
p.m. in the Price Center Theatre. 
Tickets are· $1 in advance. Info: 
534-6467. 

UCSD .......... music stu-
dents will perform in the 
Mandeville Recital Han at 8 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-5404. 

wednesday 
The Glasgow-based band Ex-Stray Cat ...... Setzer has 
EUlenlus will play alternative formed a 17-piece band that will 

INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES! 
I 

JOIN THE TEAM THAT MAKES 
EVERYTHING AN EVENT! 

* DANCE 
1t MUSIC 

1t SPEAKERS 
1t FILM 

'* PUBLICITY 
-,t EVENT 

PRODUCTION 

UNMIAIY 0IRa 
NIIDSVOUI 

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE 
AT UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 

3RD FLOOR OF THE 
) PRICE CENTER, ROOM 3.326 

J •• FOR MORE DETAILS 
CALL JUDI AT 534-4090 

APPLICATION DEADLINE IS APRIL 29,1994 

play at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $10. Info: 481-9022. 

The Adrfttl Strlnl Qurtet, 
which has received critical acclaim 
since its inception in 1974, will 
pedorm at 8 p.m. in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Admission for stu-
dents is free. Info: 534-5404. 

THEATRE 
M.ndel W .... Forum: The 
UCSD Department of Theatre pre-
sents two plays in repertory. "The 
Rats ofWhifflisburg," directed by 
Allan Havis and written by gradu-
ate students Patricia Green and Karl 
Gajdusek, is about a medieval town 
whose citizens put rats on trial for 
eating the harvest. "Waco, Texas, 
Mon Amour," directed by Kent 
Kirkpatrick and written by Karl 
Gajdusek, is about a mother-daugh-
ter relationship that turns violent. 
Pedormances of "Rats" are at 8 
p.m. today and Saturday and at 2 
p.m. on Sunday. Pedormances of 
"Waco" are at 8 p.m. Friday, 2 p.m. 
on Saturday and 7 p.m. on Sunday. 
T!ckets for students are $4. Info: 
534-4574. 

San DIeao Repertal y:Josefina 
Lopez ' "Real Women Have 
Curves" will run through April 24 
in the lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. The play depicts the 
lives of five immigrant Mexican 
women working in a sewing fac-
tory. Pedormances are Tuesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $18 to $24. Info: 235-
8025. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLERIES 

Museum of PhotOKr.phlc 
Arts: "Souvenirs from Japan: 
Japanese Photography at the Tum 
of the Century" will be on display 
through May 22. The exhibit in-
eludes 113 hand-colored photo-
graphs taken from the collection of 
a German engineer. Gallery hours 
are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Sunday. Info: 234-1001. 

Porter R.ndall G.llery: 
Works by Flavia Gilmore and 
Robert Hale will be on display 
through April 15. Gallery hours 
are Tuesday through Friday from 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m., noon to 5 p.m. 
Saturday. Admission is free. Info: 
551-8884. 

S.n 01810 Museum of Art: 
"Songs of My People," an exhibit 
which includes 150 photographs 
by 50 of the nation 'S most talented 
African-American photojournal-
ists, is on display through May 1. 
The exhibit is making a tour of 25 
cities in the United Stales. Gallery 
hours are 10 a.m to 4:30 p.m. Tues-
day through Sunday. Admission is 
$2 for students. Info: 232-7931. 

M.ndeville G.llel'}': "Carol 
Jacque: Recent Work" will be on 
display Saturday through May 8. 
Jacque is a sculptor who lives in 
Miami Beach, FL. Her work has 
been influenced by her contact with 
the elderly population there. Gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday-from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-2864. 



, 

HIATUS" The UCSD Guardian 

MU SIC 

Kurt Cobain: 1961~1994 
Suicide of Niroana s lead singer shaws reality of alienation 

By Jeff N ..... 
Hiatus Editor 

It's been almost a week since 
the dc;ath of Nirvana lead singer 
Kurt Cobain. Much press space 
has already been devoted to hon-
oring Cobain's talent, decreeing 
him the spokesman of a genera-
tion and comparing his death to 
that of Beatle John Lennon. Yet 
Cobain was no John Lennon. He 
didn ' t sing about peace and yel-
low submarines; he sang about 
alienation. His death, unlike 
Lennon's, wasasuicide. His death 
shows that the alienation that char-
acterizes alternative music is not 
just a representation: it's real. As 
Rolling Stone rock critic David 
Fricke told MTV's Kurt Loder, 
Cobain is not some drugged-out 
rock star. He could be any young 
person living in the United States 
today. 

For me, Cobain's death didn't 
have a profound effect at first. 
Given the content of Cobain's 
songs, I wasn't surprised to hear 
that he killed himself. Watching 
the local news reporters interview 
fans at the Casbah and reading the 
memorials in the L.A. Times and 
San Diego Union-Tribune didn't 
have much effect. M1V showed 
every Nirvana video it had in stocle, 
but its stylized newscast and the 
vee-jays' constant use of a euphe-
mism for suicide ("self-inflicted 
gunshot wound") couldn't capture 
the impact. 

Yet, as I listened to alternative 
radio stations such as 91X and the 
Los Angeles-based KROQ play 
requests dedicated to Cobain, I 
began to realize that almost every 
alternative rock song is about alien-
ation and despair. Even lightweight 
songs such as The Police's "Mes-

sage in a Bottle" took on new 
meaning in thecontextofCobain's 
death. Cobain didn't just write 
about despair; he lived it. 

The success of Nirvana's al-
bum Nevermind in 1991 marked a 
turning point in the 'marketing and 
sales of rock music. At the start of 
the year, Bobby McFerrin's naive 
song "Don't Worry, Be Happy" 
was the number-one single. By the 
end of the year, Nirvana's "Smells 
Like Teen Spirit" wu the run-
away hit. Since then, record com-
panies have tapped into the angst 
that Nirvana captured. Currently, 
despair-filled albums by 
Soundgarden, Counting Crows, 
Alice in Clains. Smuhing Pump-
kins IIId Nine Inch Nails are near 
the top of the charts. Films such u 
RetIlily Biles and TlttWsotne em-
ploy the "Generation X" theme by 
depicting confused youths. But 

so~ehow these representations 
pale in comparison with the real-
ity of Cobain's death. 

Paging through the hundreds 
of messages regarding Cobain on 
America Online, I saw a gamut of 
responses: some questioned his 
actions since he hu a wife and 
child, others said they could relate 
to his death and still others blamed 
drugs. 

I will never know what Cobain 
wu thinking when he pulled the 
trigger on the shotgun he used to 
kill himself, but every time I hear 
a Nirvana song and every time I 
hear a song about trying to fmd ' 
meaning in an indifferent world, I 
will remember that alienation is 
not just a buzzword used by the 
entertainment industry to sell 
records. It has a reality, and, like 
much of life and much of Nirvana's 
music, it isn't pretty. 

FaT 
10:00 -3:00 Thursday, April 14 

_. 

-. 
-... 

Power Macintosh 
The future is here. 

("()11111utl'r l)l'l>t. 5 J -l - -l 2 t) 1 
I 

Thunday, Aprill",I994 

POOH: Dennis 
takes audience requests 
ContInued from PICe tU 
is the only actor licensed by the 
Milne Estate to read Milne's 
Winnie-the-Pooh stories in the the-
aler. He hu performed his award-
winning one-man show, 
"Bother!," in over 200 theaters 
across the United States and Eu-
rope. 

Surprisingly, Dennis - whose 
theater experience includes lead-
ing roles in numerous productions 
in London's West End and Europe 
- had not even heard of Winnie-
the-Pooh until he was 36 years 
old. A girlfriend took Dennis to an 
exhibit of artist Ernest H. 
Shepherd's illustrations for 
Milne's books, where, according 
to Dennis, "I fell in love with the 
drawings." He borrowed the Milne 
books from her "and returned them 
about three years later." 

Dennis began reading the sto-
ries,and poems to friends at social 
gatherings, and on OctOber 14, 
1976, "Bother'" made its debut at 
the Cambridge University Theatre, 
commemorating the fiftieth birth-
day of Winnie-the-Pooh. The per-
formance.was a huge success, last-
ing until one o'clock in the morn-
ing as the packed house clamored 
for more. Dennis has been delight-
ing audiences with his readings 
from Milne's books Winnie-the-
Pooh, The House at Pooh Corner, 
When We Were Very Young and 
Now We Are Six ever since. 

According to Dennis, each per-
formance of "Bother!" takes him 
completely by surprise. "I never 
Itnow what I'm going to read when 
I step on stage," he said in a recent 
telephone interview. Instead, he 
takes requests from audience mem-
bers, allowing them to dictate 
which stories he will perform. 

He does, however, start each 
performance of "Bother!". with 
Milne's poem " Us Two," a tender 
piece describing the special rela-
tionship between a young Christo-
pher Robin and his "silly old bear." 
It is also one of the few worles by 
his father that Milne's son, the 
real Christopher Robin, truly likes, 
and one of the few Dennis actually 
has memorized. 

"I'm not interested in people 
thinking 'What a clever actor he 
is! Look at all the stories and p<>-
ems he has memorized.' I want 
people to go to the shelf, take 
down a book, and read. " Dennis 
said. 

When asked about the univer-
sal appeal of the Winnie-the-Pooh 
stories, Dennis' delightfully wry 
sense of humor surfaced as he said 
rather earnestly, "I think Pooh is 
appreciated by people who have 
been loved, who have loved or 
who have been crapped on by a 
bird at great height." 

When asked if he sees any-
thing "Milne-esque" in the wide-
spread appeal of the comic strip 
"Calvin and Hobbes" which fo-
cuses on the adventures of a little 
boy and his very real stuffed tiger, 
Dennis laughed and said, "Oh, 1 
love them. There is quite a lot of 
Milne in every 'Calvin and 
Hobbes.' Things are happening 
[in the strip] just like in life, just 
like in every line of A.A. Milne, 
You sec them all - the Piglets, 
the Tiggers, the Eeyores, the 
Kangas, the Roos ... they are all 
there," 

Peter Dennis brings Bother! to 
UCSD's Mandeville Auditorium 
Saturday at 8 p.m. For more infor-
mation, call 534-6467. 

Thunda,., April 14, 1994 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

MUS IC 
-

Eugenius 
Eugene Kelly establishes his musical identity 

.,,.,,N ..... 
Hiatus EdItor 

The Glasgow-based band 
Eugenius is the ultimate realiza-
tion of vocalist-guitarist Eugene 
Kelly, who played with Scotli.sh 
bands BMX Bandits and The 
Vasclines before putting Eugenius 
together in 1991. Although his 
stint with the Vasclines was short-
lived (the group recorded two 
singles and an album), groups like 
Nirvana cite the group as an influ-

ence and regularly cover its songs. 
During a recent phone interview 
Kelly spoke about Eugenius' new 
album Mary Queen of Scots and 
the music scene in Glasgow, whi.ch 
is also home to alternative bands 
such as Teenage Fanclub, Primal 
Scream and The Soup Dragons. 
Eugenius will perform Sunday at 
8:30 p.m. at the Casbah (232-
4355). 
GuM'-": Eupnlua .. of· 
-COIIII*8dwlth-* .... 

_ T ....... FMCIub 8nd 
M ..... w Sweet. WMt do, 
,.,.. ... of ..... cOm""" 
eons? 

Kelly: Ilike Fanclub-they're 
friends from Glasgow. 1 like Mat-
thew Sweet as well, but we tried to 
make this album different from 
Teenage Fanclub. We have been 
compared to them so many times, 
we almost thought it was our name. 
It was ridiculous. For this album, 

See EUGENIUS, Page H8 

OASIS SUMMER PROGRAMS '94 
$UMMER JOB OPENING$ 

AVAILABLE POSITIONS 
Math or Science Facilitators (SS. 73-1 0.49/hr) 

CONTACT 
Trang Vu 

D!scussion/Wrlting Facilitators (S8.73-JO.49~r) 

Residential AsstIPeer Counselors (SS.47/hr) 
(Referral from Career Services required, Job #9(2047) 

534-1469 (GH L05S) 
Rhonda Lee McCoy 
534-2284 
(,Old',Student Center, Rm 214) 
Ferdi Ecija 
534-3284 
(Marshall Commons 102) 

• Application DEADLINE: MA Y 13, 1994 aJ 4:30 pm aJ the approprUzte listed offices. 
THE FOLWWING POSmONS ARE FOR GRADUATE STUDENTS ONLY 
(S14.79/hr; referral from Career Services required, Job Irs are listed below): 
CoateDIporary lsaes Lecturers (Job #9(1796) Joanne Ashwell 534-3760 (GH 1058) 

• Application DEADLINE: MAY 13,1994 
Math lostructors (Job #9(1779) Trang Vu 534-1469 (GH 105S) 

• Application DEADLINE: APRIL 15, 1994 

BEING-FIT® 
At only S22 • month with no 

cont •• you cen't get • 
better ...... ln. 

NO INITIATION FEE" 
• __ II_Ilia -.I. 0I0r ...... 4IIIID. 

• -.:t .IJFEYCLU 
.... -.... ·lMADIIUI 

'11'~ -CUMMDINaOI. 
'IWIIL\II " •• 0IML1IIITIIUC1IOII 

NEMESIS PRO Due T ION 5 

~, 

BANX MISSION VALLEY 
au. CA.,NG DeL RIO SOUTH 
.PKIAL Pl:IlFOII.AIICU KACH .KKK 
CALL .'no .... FOil UPDATE 

DR~ •• TO , .... U. 
PARKIN .. AYAILA.LK 

'$2 
OFF 

WITH FLYER 

INFO 979-9999 

HEPATITIS 
If you have been affected with Hepatitis B, you could 

qualify as a plasma dondr, earn extra cash, and benefit 
medical research! 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682-5252 

·4_ .... ~ FREE WORKSHOP 

, 

.. a.il'MlOl1t ..... Blvd. 
CIIhInonI SquIrt ShoppIng c..-
(HeIr lie WII'dI, bII*Id F_ Foorw.) 

483-9294 
aIao Ioc8hId ,... SOSU (8118-1702) 

-..... -

April 21 • Thursday • 4pm • Price Center Ballroom 
PLUS - FREE 1/2 PRICE COUPONS for the ~ril 22nd 

performance of Chitresh Das Dance Co. 
available at the Workshopl 



'" 

HIATUS 6 

The Cement Garden 
Film shaws rare sensitivity 

By Yumln Ghonalm 
Staff Writer 

Andrew Birkin 's new film The 
Cement Garden shows an uncom-
mon sensitivity in depicting the 

.' lives offour orphans and the ways 
in which they deal with hardship. 

sponding to the first screening of 
The Concrete Garden, McEwan 
wrote to Birkin: " I think it ' s a 
wonderful film, sensitive to its 
subject matter, generous to its in-
stincts, emotionally wise and very 
moving. I feel honoured by your 
interpretation of the nove!... ." 

The UCSD Cuardiaa Tbunday, April 14. 1994 

FILM 

of NtIII Conillanl1n 

The Cement Garden is based 
upon author Ian McEwan 's novel 
of the same narne, which garnered 
strong critical praise when it ap-
peared on the literary scene in 1978 
- a remarkable feat for a first-
time novelist. Although director 
Birkin was interested in making 
the novel into a film as early as 
1982, it has taken him over ten 
years to find the necessary fund-
ing. 

The film begins with the death 
of the father (Hans Zischler), who 
is in the process of building a ce-
ment garden. While pouring the 
moist cement and smoothing it 
out, a sudden stroke kills him and 
his face sinks into the warm paste. 
When the mother (Sinead Cusack) 
dies, she leaves the children alone 
to fend for themselves, and they 
bury her in a cement-filled vault in 
the cellar of the house. 

focusing on the 
incestuous rela-
tionship be-
tween the teen-
age son, Jack 
(Andrew 
Robertson), and 
his elder sister, 
Julie (Charlotte 
Gainsbourg, of 
The Little 
Thief). Interest-
ingly, Birkin 
presents their 
unconventional 
love as inno-
cent, ratht:r than 
perverted . 

JuIe (a..totteCWnsbour&) .... JKk <Andrew Robertson) ...... lnc:estuous 
relationship In Andrew BlrIcIn'. The c.ment o.rdea. 

Despite the financial difficul-
ties, however, Birkin 's dream has 
now been realized - much to the 
delight of the novel 's author. Re-

From such gruesome begin-
nings, the film then makes an odd 
shift from its morbidity by 

Through 
carefully-crafted flashback scenes, 
Birkin shows Jack pining after his 
lost childhood; however, the 
strength ofBirkin's film lies in the 

-~~ [I]~[RJDJ~~~~I 
~~---..----r----W'" 

dig 

"i'll stay high" ~ 
"believe" 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
IN THE NAME OF THE 

FATHER SDTK . 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

MATHEW SWEET 

HECTOR ZAZOU 
Il il .. i,d 1111 \ "dllif Hi ll dwlld ., 
1""""-' ., \ 11 \ In 111. 1 I. i-
./".",./, . ./ 1'." 11 ,·, ·,,,,· i'. .\ i'.( II 
11 11 ' 1I11I ... j. , \\ II .. IIIII~ I,d I I~ II II' 

., \11 \11 \ 111 .[ I·. (),..-I"._,,.,, 
~ ' flrrilll! ,(, 11 111 ( a l4' C: '~ I:lt'd 
n " pun l i" 11. ~ IIlIII ' 1 1. \ IIIlI' l i 
DfI 'l,l .,I'_ DUll li ll i' Jl H' Da \. 'illI . 
Bill l .il ... " ,·II . Till! ~illll' lI lIll. 
Barl ,:,,-;! l .nlli ... j · .(:'~!!a ll lllJll. .. 
11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

MEAT PUPPETS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

SARAH McLACHLAN 

THE INDIANS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

SYN 
MA TIER OF TIME 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

VARGA 

VARGA 

\ 
\ 

8.99 CD 4.99 CS 
~..,:; 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY I BALEEHOS4I3OIM 

lnWiR RitURns \ ~\nin 
EL CA~ON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
EL CA.lON SPOIITS ARENA COLLIGI ARIA • 
796 FIeICllef PnwI , ,eft. , .... 10 ' .... , _, Spor1. A_ Blvd. I40S EI CIjon 1I\Id. 
Aero .. 1rom Plllllw.y Plul McotIIOS ................................. ["9) 22. ·3333 ... i 10 Aft a ...... OIIIM 
(619) 579-11701 NO RENTALS VI_O ........... 3393 KIIfI1I* SI. (6111) m ·n75 MCD ............................. (.1I1217·1420 

.,... .......... ........ ........ ...... (111) 217·1134 

<--~---

fact that it never becomes too sen-
timental. Its powerful imagery re-' 
fleets its embrace of life in spite of 
tragedy. 

The Cement Garden opens 
tomorrow at the Hillcrest Cin-
emas. For more information, 
call 299-2100. 

Get pAID to 
The UCSD Associated Students service is hiring its 

new staff for '94-'95. Available positions Include: 
• Director 
• Assistant Director 

• Office Manager 
• Director of Special Projects 
• Placement Director 
• Director of Active Students for Kids - A.S.K. 
• Assistant Director of A.SK 
• Co-Directors of Pulitzer Monitoring Program 
• Directors of Friends Understanding Needs - F.U.N. 

THE VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
provides Morial and mentoring services to local 

elementary and junior high school students among many other 
special events, Come to the Volunteer Connection office on the 

second floor of the Price Center to pick up an application. 

Did You 
know? 
51. Gennaln's 
bas all your 

festive needs in 
one store! 

• The best selection of wines & specialty liquors 
• Over 200 beers, specializing In micro breweries 
• Gounnet pastries, cheese, and deli items 
• Unique gifts, wrap, & Incredlbl~ greeting cards 

Spirits of saint Gennain 

Sun-Thurs: 6:00am ~ 11:OOpm • Fri & Sat: 6:00am - 12:OOm1dnlght 

Thursday. April 14. 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

MU S Ie 

Courtesy of Lalilude 45 
The Ardlttl Strtna Qurtet wm .... nd • week .t UCSD performlna. 

Arditti String Quartet 
World{amous quartet will perform in Mandeville 

By JeffN .... 1 
Hiatus Editor 

For the past few years, the 
UCSD Department of Music has 
tried to book the London-based 
Arditti String Quartet. The 
quartet's hectic schedule and mass 
appeal (it often plays to crowds of 
20,(00) made it a difficult task. 
After years of programming con-
flic ts, the Music Department has 
finally made arrangements for the 
Arditti String Quart~t to come to 
UCSD for a week-long residency 
which will include a performance 
Wednesday in Mandeville Audi-

torium at 8 p.m. 
Arditti began playing violin at 

the Royal Academy of Music when 
he was 16. He formed the Arditti 
String Quartet in 1974. Since then , 
the string quartet - which also 
includes violist Garth Knox, cel-
list Rohan de Saram and violinist 
David Alberman - has attained 
international recognition and has 
recorded over 30 compact discs of 
music. The group has presented 
over 300 premieres of works by 
composers such as John Cage, 
Morton Nyman and lannis 
Xenakis. On Wednesday it will 

(RAnnINfi~ 
.LAJOLLA 

HRS RLL THE 
ANSWERS. 

From a huge variety of services like Kinko's, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph's Grocery, to entertainment -
and fun frQm places like TGIFriday'8, Blockbuster 
Video and Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village Center 
has got you seriously covered. 

perform pieces by Conlan 
Nancarrow, Charles [ves, Elliott 
Carter, Giancinto Scelsi, Harrison 
Birtwistle and Sofia Gubaidulina. 

Critics have compared the 
group's penchant for experimen-
tal music to that of the San Fran-
cisco-based Kronos Quartet. Yet 
the Arditti String Quartet doesn' t 
don Kronos ' trendy attire, and its 
technical skills are on the level of 
an elite class ical ensemble. 

The Arditti String Quartet will 
perform Wednesday at 8 p.m. in 
MandevilleAuditorium. For more 
information, call 534-5404. 

II 
• 
• 
• 
•• 
• 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

HIATUS 7 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Did you know ••. 

.. . that preventive dental treatment actually lowers the COS! of your dental 
care over the long tenn? With regular check-ups and cleanings we can catch 
those li ttle problems before they become big ones, and prevent build·up on 
your teeth from causing tissue breakdown and bone loss. 

S o why not take care of your mouth at least as well as you take care of 
your car and bring yourself in for a d ieck-up and c1eaning ... so you won't 
have to spend a small fortune on a new fortune on a new model in the future. 

Y our natural smile is a treasure worth protecting ... and with today's 
advances in cosmetic techniques, we can even make it brighter than ever at 
minimal expense to you. Call us today! 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
M OSI iruurance accepted • Member ADA , CDA. SOCDS 

La JoUa Villaa'e Professional Centa, /·5 D! u,JoUa ViI/agr Dri ... 
8950 ViUa La JoUa Dr., Suite 2103· Top floor , jlLS! behind !/oe £kp/tanl Bar 

Evening & Saturday appointments available 558·3490 

-
"'T~notIAl 
ElCT~ZA DON'T MISS THE iHqN~R' i ~ 

Appearing 
UVE 

APRIL 18, 
',-- 24,25 at 

DOORS OPEN 6 pm 
All escorts welcomed afte, 
9:30 pm. No COlIer CNrve. 

&111211-nXS 

•••••• "_N~W •••• ~ ••• ~ •••••••• 

PPETSFROM 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



, . HIATUS 8 The UCSD Guardian 

BREAK INTO 
RADIO & TV VOICE·OVERS 

A HOW-TO SEMINAR 
WITH 

STEVE IRWIN 
NATIONAL VOICE TALENT 

NANCI WASHBURN 
ARTIST MGT TALENT AGENCY 

ASHLEY GARDNER 
RADlOrrV PRODUCER 

RUSS T. NAILZ 
91 X OJ/COMEDIAN 

RADIOITV COMMERCIALS· AUDITION TAPES· AGENTS' UNIONS· ACTING 
IMPRESSIONS· DIALECTS· NARRATIONS' ANIMATION· CHARACTER VOICES 

6 PM-9:30 PM TUESDAY APRIL 19TH 
HILTON HOTEL, MISSION VALLEY 

CALL 1-800-95-VOICE 

$75 PER PERSON • LIMITED SEATING 
VISA/MASTERCARD ACCEPTED L ______________________________________ ~ 

EUGENIUS: 
Singer aims to write 
intelligent love songs 
Continued from .... H5 . 
we wanted anything that was not 
like Teenage Fanclub. 
Is then • til..... muale 
scene In O .... owT 

There are lots of bands who 
have recently gotten record deals. 
Most new bands are doing small 
shows in small clubs. There's lots 
of stuff happening. I just hope it 
comes out in a natural way and 
people don't lump all the bands 
together. 
IIqw do you look INIck upon 
your time with Th. 
V ...... T 

It was good fun but not such a 
big deal at the time. We were a 
really vague underground band in 
Britain. We put out two singles 
and an album and toured England 
a couple of times, not playing big 
places. It's amusing that people 
look back to them when they were 
nothing. Now The Vaselines seem 
to have influenced everything. 
Do,. .. ...., ..... ." 
The V.llneS? 

We play just one song from the 
album. It would just get too con-

Tbunday, April 14, 1994 

fusing and be an ego trip for me. 
At the time, The Vaselines were 
important but now I've grown up. 
How cId you come up with 
.... title trIM'y .... 0' $co"" She's one ofthose famous his-
torical characters. I wanted to write 
a song about Sc9tland. [On the 
title track] I say we [the Scots] ITe 
something different and bring the' 
queen to the future. It's a song 
about people not knowing where 
they're from and not taking any 
interest. . 
How .............. com-
.... with ,... PMt WOItc1 

It's more mature and a bit more 
serious. These songs go deeper 
into emotions about missing 
people and missing places.' 
MMY of ......... on ""-Y 
.... 0' Scots ..... with 
I'OIMIItIc love .... Ita u.,. 
..... downs. lin. you .... 
centIy ..... 101M cIffIcuIt 

~T 
You only have to have one re-

,ationship to write moving songs 
from ill didn't want to get slushy, 
and I never use the word love in 
songs. I try not to use any clieWs 
like "baby, we're going to make it 
all night long." 

GIlMAN NO CTR. 
ST. GERMAtI'5 
CAL COPY AND YOUR WHEELS ARE SOMETHING SPECIAL, TOO. 
BJ'5 PlZZAIIIA 
KlNKO'5 
RAlJIH'5 
VON'5 
POlAI'5 YOGURT 
WESTRN BAGEl 
AIJER1SONS 
SOUP EXCHANGE 
WlWAY 
ZElRACOPY 
M1AGIlO lEAN 
KOAlA YOGURT 
TACO lEU 
NEWS ETC. 
lEANS 
WlWAY 
ROIEITO'5 
WItt'5 

COMMUNICA1IONS 1lDG. 
sa.psl8Ulr 
sa.ps StWX 1M 
JEfF'S'" 
tEHOI-SMI U lACOlUA 
SWINSONS 
SOUP EXOtAHGE 

:r--~lAJOClA 
lA JOllA MUC a.M'( ~- (:J 

~~ 'Atlflt 
~ I~~~ 
SAMGOODY'S 
\QtS 
scuoawa 

I 

'Ihcrft • Ford or Mercury Just LMcc You ••• 
and Your Ford or Uncoln Mercury Dealer Has a Graduation Present 

to Help Make it Your Own ••• 
• $400 Cash Back or • a Special Finance Rate· 

Personally speaking, what you drive says a lot about 
who you are. So why not soy you're one of the most exciting, 
fun-loving, even sensible peaple going? In other 
words, why not soy it with a sporty new Ford or Mercury? 

Now's the perfect time to make a personal 
statement - because the 1994 Ford & Mercury College 
Graduate Purchase Program** gives you your choice of 
$400 cash back ar a special finance rate* when 
you buy a new Ford or Mercury, Or lease your vehicle 
and get $400 cash back! 

' SpeGlOl F,non<.e rate olter ...... ti ... and Ford Cred~ progrom~ not ovolloble on leases. 

'" 

Plus, Ford Credit can offer qualified applicants pre-
approved credit up to $18,000 or the MSRp, whichever is 
lower, which could mean no down payment on finance 
purchases. You may also defer purchose payments for 
120 days in most states (excluding Michigan, New Jersey, 
Pennsylvania, and Washington, OC). 

So take time out to see your Ford or Lincoln-Mercury 
dealer today and ask about the College Graduate 
Purchase Program. (It's a terrific woy to show the world 
just how smart you really are!) 

**To be elig,bIe. you mu~t graduate wrth a ba<heIor\ or graduate degree. or be enrolled in graduate school. ~ 1/1/94 and 9/'JIl/94. Th;, progrom ;, in 
add,t,on to oN other notional Clntomet incentives; except for other Ford private oHen. ,"cludiflg the Young Buyer Program. You must purchase or Iecne your 
new vehicle betwMn 1/1/94 and 9/30/95. Some custom8l and .... icle restrictions apply. so _ yoIN dealer for details. 


