
ELSEWHERE 

UC 18k_Ie Aim. 
to Ra ... $145M 

SAN FRANCISCO- UCSA 
will host a bake sale at the UC 
Board of Regents meeting on 
Nov. 17 to raise $145 million to 
offset any possible fee increases. 
The students :will be selling 
"Santa Cruz Cookies," "Berke-
ley Banana Bread" and "Los 
Angeles Apple Pie" to the Re-
gents and UC admmistrators for 
$1 million each. rhe students 
will also release a studywhich 
found that UC fees are among 
the highest of the 23 comparable 
institutions across the nation. 

UCD May Require 
HeaHh Coverage 

DAVIS, CA - UC Davis stu-
dents who are without health-
care coverage may soon be re-
quired to buy it. Under the new 
pian, students would choose be-
tween private coverage or uni-
versity coverage. Currently, only 
about five percent of UCD stu-
dents are covered hy the Under-
graduate Student Health Insur-
ance Plan (USHIP), which costs 
about $660 annually. Under the 
new mandatory )J lan, called 
NewHIP, coverage would be 
would be $207 less per year. Ac-
cording to USHIP chair Shawn 
Harding, 30 percent of under-
graduate students are not "ad-
equately covered" by health in-
surance. 

New Brea.t Caneer 
Reseach Program 

The University of California 
will administrate a $14 million 

~. -

state-initiated breast cancer re-
search program which will begin 
this month. The 1993 Assembly 
Bill 478 raised the tax on ciga-
rettes by two cents a pack to fu nd 
the UC-run Breast Cancer Re-
search Program and early detec-
tion service for uninsured 
women. The program will con-
duct research and but will also 
allocate funds to the state for 
independent research projects. It 
is estimated that one in eight 
women in the United States have 
breast cancer. 

INSIDE 

SUCK 
HIATUI: Take time out 
for an interview with a 
vampire. Hi 

SPORTI: UCSD hosts 
Washington University in 
NCAA Quarterfinals. 12 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS .................. .......... 2 
CALVIN &: IIOBBES .................... J 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS ........ ............ .............. HI, 
CASSIFIEDS ........................... 10 
SPOm ........... .. .... ~ ................ IJ 

USED 

T H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1994 

Chuck Nluyen/ GuatdlMl 
' ••• II.r' ...... tant Nio .. ,,"w ........... ME ... "..,..11 to ......,...,. 

ASE Members Picket 
To Gain· Recognition 
DEMONSTRAnON: 
ASE increases efforts to secure 
union recognition 
By ElIz8beth Mackenzie 
Staff Writer 

Academic student employees staged an in-
formational picket on campus Monday and Tues-
day as part of an Association of Student Em-
ployees/United Auto Workers (ASfJUA W) UC 
systemwide drive for union recognition. 

ASE/UA W is demanding tflat campus ad-
ministrators recognize the right of academic 
student employees' to unionize. ASF/UAW 
members picketed at the four main campus 
entrances and other locations around campus, 
distributing 4,000 informational fliers to the 
public. 

According to graduate student Tricia Gilson, 
the intent of the picket was "to try to tell the 
community - faculty, staff and students -

abOut the administration's policy regarding stu-
dent employees and their refusal to recognize 
the union." Gilson and several other ASE/UA W 
members stood at the Gilman entrance Tuesday 
morning, distributing fliers to passing motor-
ists. 

"(The administrators] really have no interest 
in recognizing the union or treating this matter 
with any seriousness," Gilson said, adding that 
the response from bystanders had been gener-
ally positive. 

Graduate student Molly Rhodes estimated 
that over 100 people participated in the picket-
ing during the two-day period. 

According to Susan Shepler, the financial 
secretary of the Berkeley chapter of the ASE, 
students staged similar pickets at UC Berkeley, 
Davis, Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara and Los An-
geles campuses on Monday and Tuesday. 

According to Scott ,Kessler, ~ead organizer 
with the UCSD ASE/UA W 350 UCLA students 

See PROTEST, Page 7 

c s D 

VOLUME 83, ISSUE)l'1 :J-

UPTE Wins 
Union 
Election 
ELECTION: UC technical 
employees vote-in UPTE as 
their sole bargaining agent. 
By Erik Johnson 
Senior Staff Writer 

Despite what one congressman called "an 
aggressive anti-union campaign" waged by UC 
administrators, UC technical employees voted 
for the Union of Professional and Technical 
Employees (UPTE) as their sole bargaining 
agent, winning the right to negotiate contracts of 
employment with the UC management Tues-
day. 

"This means the end of business as usual at 
UC," said Libby Sayre, state president of UPTE. 

With the union as its bargaining agent, UC 
professional and technical employees' can now 
independently negotiate wages, benefits and 
grievance procedures, formerly mediated only 
by the university. 

The union election was conducted in a secret 
mail-in ballot election between Oct. 17 and 
Nov. 14 by the Public Employee Relations Board 
(pERB). 

Several state and national legislators claimed 
that UC administrators had distributed decep-
tive tliers. In a letter to UC President Jack 
Peltason State Senator pro tempore Bill Lockyer 
stated that fliers sent by university management 
to employees, "can certainly be interpreted as 
misleading." 

Gayle Cieszkiewicz, associate director of 
labor relations at the UC Office of the President, 
said, "We are trying to make sure that the 
technical employees have full information. We 
are not trying to persuade them to vote yes or 
no." 

Sixty percent of university technical em-
ployees contacted voted in the election, 1,2] 5 of 
them voted for UPTE representation while 992 
voted against it. The union or UC administration 
may contest the outcome of the election by Nov. 
25. 

"For the last three years, techs at UC have 
lived through job cuts, layoffs, work speed up, 
benefits and pay cuts," said UC technical em-
ployee Doug Brown. "We know what we need 
is a strong union contract that will address these 
issues." 

UPTE organizer Daniel Martin said that the 
union will not pursue charges that the UC ad-
ministration violated PERB state election by-
laws. "We've won, and now there 's much more 
important things to do," Martin said. 

See ELECTION, Page 7 

The University Fails to Pay Students for Nearly Six Weeks 
EMPLOYEES: Budget 
cuts and "influx" of 
employees blamed 
By ErIk Johnson 
Senior Staff Writer 

At least 150 university student 
employees received their first pay-
check of the academic year yester-
day, according to Sherry Hayward, 
an Associated Students administra-
tive assistant, who proc:euea .tu-

dent payroll information. New and 
returning employees of the Univer-
sity Library, Dining Services and 
other univerSity departments have 
been affected by the payroll back-
log, although the precise number of 
unpaid personnel is unknown. 

Jenny Craig, A.S. vice president 
of external affairs, was one of the 
many students whose paychecks 
were delayed. "If you don't get 
[paid], you can't pay bills, fees, rent; 
you can't eat," she said. "If they 

want us to pay our fees, they should 
pay us on time." 

Citing pay cuts, employee ill-
nesses, increased workload and ex-
cesses of administrative red tape, 
Payroll and Career Services said 
that the six-week delay of paychecks 
could only be expected. 

Student payroll forms travel a 
complicated and path before they 
reach Payroll, where the checks are 
printed. The forms are first com-
pleted by the employee's ~-

ment then reviewed by three pro-
cessors at Career Services, who 
verify the documents for errors and 
confirm student enrollment. If any 
errors are found, the paperwork is 
sent back to the department. Only 
then are the forms sent to the Payroll 
department to be processed. 

"Access to inquiry from the pay-
roll system is nearly impossible," 
said Phyllis Walker the assistant 
director of Career Services. Walker 

See PAY, Paee f 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thund.y, November 17, 1994 

A.S. Alleges Students 
Not Allowed to Vote 

ETCETERA ... 
POLLS: Registration drive nearly doubles number 
of voters and leaves poll volunteers unprepared 

BEST OF CALVIN. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

By MuI.nne Vletl 
Associate News Editor 

This year's voter registration 
drive was so successful that several 
students were allegedly turned away 
from the polls at Revelle College 
last Tuesday because of a lack of 
ballots. According to Naomi Falk, 
the undergraduate 
representative to 
University of Cali-
fornia Student As-
sociation, several 
students were un-
able to cast their 
votes because one of 
the poll volunteers 
saidthattherewould 
not be enough bal-
lots left for them. 

number of students who would vote. 
"There is never a 100 percent turn-
out," he said. "So we estimate bow 
many ballots will be needed on the 
basis of past turnouts. This year 
[UCSD] had a big registration drive 
which we were not aware of, so we 
underestimated how many ballots 

would be needed." 

Ballots began to 
run low on at about 
7:30 while a large 
line of people were 
still waiting outside. 
According to Falk, a 
volunteer told those 
in line that "they 
were running out of 
ballots and that we 
shou Id turn any other 
students who got in 
line away." 

"What happened 
was that there 

According to 
Mikel Haas, the 
assitstant registrar 
of San Diego 
County, the regis-
trar had to order the 
ballots 60 days be-
fore the election. At 
the time, there were 
909 registered vot-
ers, and the regis-
trar ordered 650 bal-
lots or 75 percent of 
the number of vot-
ers who registered. wasahug. 

registration 
drive and 586 

"'~1lIl 
~ _PII£n'i 
C\D".50~ 
'141\1.. ~'1 

~~N 
~. 

BRIEFLY ... 

_ 1 MISW 1'1> \lOt£ Iot'i 
MA1\\ 1\ato\E~ I .. STEM> 
OF 1U1~ ().)t'SIOE ~ 

~~ . 

'N~'I \)ID I IX) 11\15 1\) 
M'f'5llf .~ 1 E.'ru4 \II.\) AA 
o.m 00'.'( 10 6H If IXJIE.' 
'ltS1'OD. I g.:xnt) Cff ~ 

~ 1-' Q::A~ 11:> ~'( 
~'T.' 

\ 

r-------------~ 
.. ~1 ON R9U.1 '51..1" 8'1 
~M 'IOO~ UEUlPlilR'I 

"'4OIOI~ ~,. 't)J1lE, 
~~OO. 

l,tl\) IT Wl1.. B£ 
~ rtEAKB 
10 w.tIE. ~,. 
1IOME.aoRK 
~e.'c~. 
l.El's 'ff(lI)(. C)l 
,,~. 

Falk, in conjunc-
tion with tbe Asso-
ciated Students, 
plans to file a com-
plaint with the Reg-
istrarofVoters. "I'm 
just really angry that 
they didn ' , provide 
enough ballots for us. 
I mean, they have a 

more voters 
were registered. 
So we only had 
43 percent of 
the voten 
covered, which 
ended up being 
... tty clo .. to ' 
what the actual 

" W bat 
happented was tbat 
there was a huge 
voter registration 
drive," Haas ex-
plained, "and 586 
more voters were 
registered. So we 
actually had only 43 
percent of the voters 
covered, which 
ended up being 
pretty close to what 
the actual turnout 
was." 

U.S.-Mexico Director to Step Down 

turnOut was. " 
"Extra ballots 

were available to the 
poll workers. They 
were instructed to 
call us if they began 
to run out. We didn't 

Assistant list of all the regis-
tered voters for that Registrar of Voters 
voting pl~ce, so they 
know exactly how many students 
will vote there." 

However, Mark Bradley of the 
Registrar of Voters said that no stu-
dents were turned away from the 
polls as far as he knew, and even 
when all the ballots were gone, four 
students were still able to fill out 
demonstration ballots which were 
later transcribed to official ballots 
and sent in. 

Bradley said that the Registrarof 
Voters did not provide enough bal-
lots because they underest i mated the 

get a call from this 
poll until 7:45, when they only had 
15 ballots left." 

According to Bradley, oneofthe 
volunteers did tell students that they 
might not be able to vote, but none 
of the students left and, when they 
did run out of official ballots, they 
were still able to cast their votes. 

Falk alleges that several students 
left without voting after this an-
nouncement was made. The Regis-
trar of voters has not yet received 
any complaints from people who 
were unable to vote. 

AI'I'I.YTOIIE GUARDIAN NEWS EDITOR 
SUBMIT CLIPS, RESUME AND COVER LETTER TO 

DOUG ALEXANDER, EDITOR IN CHIEF 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN, ROOM 217 
STUDENT CENTER BUILDING lA' 

ApPLICATIONS DUE BY MONDAY, 28 NOVEMBER 
CALL 534-65lfo-FOn MORE INFO 

1hetK:SO~ls IlUllilIIIed MoncIIyIII'dThndlrsduIIrC IIle academIcre-lIIlI'dforllll_ 
at UCSO. lIejIIOClIC1ionllllil-......1n l1li fDnn. _ 111_ 011 In PIf\. -PIfINUIOoI II 

~ pooHIIIted, 0 1994. iii rWU 1HOMd. 1110 IJCSD ~ Is nat ~for IIle """' II 
_ ~orlfl TlIe_""'- iIIpricsll'dIlf1lGIIIIeIIOII_OO 
nat -" __ \lie opinions II 1110 tK:SO ~ l1li ~ II CIIIonU 011 l1li 

~~. 1110 UCSO ~ II fIrIdecI_1Ir IMI\IIIIC. CINr'1 Allin l1lilI0II1 

Wayne Cornelius, the founder and directorof UCSO's 
Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies will resign from his 
position by' the end of the year. Cornelius said that he 
will step down from his post Dec. 31, after more than 
15 years with the intemationally acclaimed social-
science think tank. CorneliUS would not discuss his 
reasons for leaving the center, but an administrator 
said that his decision was related to the end of his 
third term as director. Others claimthat Cornelius 
was frustrated with the fund-raising aspect of his 
position, as he had to raise most of the center's $1 
million budget. Some sources have said that Cornelius 
had become Impatient with university administrators 
because they have failed to provide a large endow· 
ment for the center. Richard Attlyeh, vice chancellor 
for research and dean of undergraduate studies admit· 
ted that there had been differences between him and 
Comelius but claimed that the main reason for his 
departure was the end of his third term. "It Is tradi-
tional that one does not serve more than two terms, " 
he said. The search for a replacement has already 
begun. 

Mobil. Robot to Debut at 
Building'S Dedlca~ Cer.mony 

ROBOGEST, a mobile robot that Is controlled re-
motely by hand gestures, will make Its public debut as 
part of the dedication ceremony of the new $32 million 
engineering building. 

The keynote speaker for the ceremony will be E. 
Linn Draper, the chairman, president and chief execu-
tive officer of American Electric Power Supply C0m-
pany. Other speakers will include Robert Conn. the 
dean of the School of Engineerina, Peter Preuss, a 
regent of the University of California, California Sena-
tor Lucy Killea, and Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

ROBOGEST, which was built in the laboratory of 
Ramesh Jain, the director of UCSO's Center for Infor· 

ANNA VAiSMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

GREGG WRENN. ~ports Editor 
DAN KRAFT, ~ports Editor 

TEDD WD, Associate SportS Editor 
JEFF NIESE&., Hiatus Editor 

YMOV ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associllt. PIIoto Editor 

DOMINIC LOIIIA, Graphics Editor 
JEff LARSEN, Deslln Editor 

WARREN HO, Production Manafer 
IINIOIIITAPr WRlTDI: Eleine CImUIO. linn cr.nc. Iven DeIYenth ... Brlln 
1<. Hutto. Erik JoIlnson. JonnI P ........ 

matlon Engineering, will be Introduced by graduate 
student .Jennifer Schlenzig. 

PI_ and AnImal R .... ch at 
UCSD Is the Best In the NatIon 

Research In UCSO's Plant and Animal Science was 
ranked number one In the nation by Science Watch, a 
newsletter publl$hed by the Institute for ScientifIC 
Information (151) In Philadelphia. The rating system, 
which sorne people call a science version of baseball 
statistics, Is one of the only universal ratings of Its 
kind. 

Overall, UCSO ranked 12th In the nation among 
research Institutions from 1981·1993. Stanford was 
ranked as number one overall, followed by Harvard, 
Yale, MIT, Caltech, UC Ber1<eley, the University of 
Chlca&o, Cornell, PrInceton, the University of Washing-
ton and UC Santa Barbara. 

R .... ch Studl .. the Retrieval 
of Repr ... '" ....... 

Retrieval of repressed memories may be a valid 
phenomenon, according to research conducted at 
UCSO with stroke patients. 

The experiments, conducted by Dr. Vllayahur 
Ramachandran, the director of UCSO's Brain and 
Perception Laboratory, focused on patients who had 
suffered damee to the right hemisphere of the brain, 
which resulted In paralysis of the left arm. All of the 
patients In the study, how4M!r, denied that there was 
any damace to their arms. 

"The patients have no tacit knowIedCe of their 
paralysis,· Ramachandran said. "They also did not 
show obvious sJ&ns of frustration or distress while 
tryIll& the bimanual tasks." Ramachandran cautioMd 
that his theories are speculative and that they need 
several additional tests. . 

EdIIortaI: &34-e580. NewI/FeIllU,..: 534-&226. 
()pjnIonfSporta: &344582. HIIIlUa: 534e&83 

IIusIneu 0fIIc:tI: 534-3441&, F.: 534-7891 DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor In Chief 
IIMONE MtLlER, CQpy Editor 

ALEXANDER THIESEN, News Editor 
TOM BARKLEY, Associllt. News Editor 

MARIANNE VIGIL, Associllte News Editor 

ITAPr WlllTlltI: AmIt Alar_II. Tom BIrIIIey. NInI BouahIon. JolIn Godfrey. 
DeNk YIII Hollen . Bntnt Johnson. Tony Ill .... Rob LevtnIOn.lI_ "_N. 

• CIIKIIw ~1rI_ .... _ MeRe •• Jemney .... IIMCI. JennIfW NIColi • ...,. 
P ... am. Rezec. "81)' BetII Sedleck. "II M. SeIUer. "-W .. ", UCSD aumlan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0318, L. Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

,..,... -, Iecand Aaof. ucso ___ c:.. ...... 'A' , II1II. 211 IUUSlItATOIII: M~ Croll. Nlthlll Erlin. M~ Ibey ..... LH. RIch Yumul 
IIIIIIIIUI: Morpn JoIUIIe. lllenllll.lllllllll. PIUI. L ... ClIIrI ScI1MICIIr 

Tbunday. November 17,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Student Reported Toting a Gun 
FALSE ALARM: 
Police mistake VA 
project ~or the real thing 
IIyM..,.PaI , 
Staff Writer 

A student dressed in fatigues and 
allegedly carrying a gun was spot-
ted near the singing tree in the euca-
lyptus grove by the Price Center .at 
approximately 10 a.m. Wednesday 
morning. 

"We received a phone call from 
EDNA, at 10:18 a.m., about some-
body running around in the euca-
lyptus grove with a 9 mm gun," said 
campus police dispatcher Meredith 
Rose. 

When police officers arrived at 
the scene, they found a student 
"hunkered down behind a tree with 
what appeared to be a gun lying on 
the ground beside her," said Eddie 
Shinn, one of four officers who re-
sponded to the call: 

After cautious inspection, offic-
ers discovered that the gun was fake 
and that the student was part of a 
visual arts project. 

According to Officer Shinn, a 
replica gun is different than a toy 
gun, in that "a replica is more real-
istic looking, with all the moving 
parts .... Just by looking at it, one 
could not tell the difference," he 
said. 

Altbough nothing serious hap-
pened in this instance, dealing with 
situations such as this has caused a 
lot of trouble and unnecessary stress 
for the campus police, according to 
Sergeant Tom Morris. 

"Students just don't think it 
through. This incident used up four 
of our officers for over 10 minutes, 
when they could have been some-
where else. Thank God nothing else 
happened during that time;." said 
Morris. 

Campus police have had false 
alarms involving visual arts projects 

before. Earlier this week, tbe police 
received a phone call from a stlodent 
was walking by the Applied Physics 
and Mathematics (AP&M) building 
and saw a girl lying on the ground, 
seemingly dead. 

"Someone walking by thought it 
was a dead body, so they called 
911," said campus police dispatcher 
Luis Santaella. 

Paramedics, police officers and 
fire department personnel were dis-
patched. 

"We were nOl very bappy when 
we found out that it was just a visual 
arts project. Some of the officers 
could have been hurt trying to get 
there," said Santaella. "'A few 
months ago we did have someone 
jump from the AP&M building. It's 
not really that unusual an occur-
rence," he added. 

The art projects are the brain 
child of Visual Arts professor 
Eleanor Antin, and will continue for 
the rest of the week. 

Win Awards, Design the News. Call Jeff Larsen at 534-6580 for More Info, 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to coHect? 

How much money and effon have you spent on your education so far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MeAT. Is 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a situation like this? 

Hyperlearning offers 
the most intensive 
MeAT prepara-
tion available. 
We work hard to 
give you the most 
for your dollar. The 
most required hours, the 
most motivating environment, 
the most complete and current mate-
rials, and the most quaJified instructors. 

to these tests, we work through MeAT passages eve!)' time 
the class meets. Nothing you encounter on the MeAT 

should be a surprise. 

.. nay, .. " 
You'll write tbirtNn half-hour essays. While this 
program improves scores dramatically, a few 

INdents need even more help. We've designed 
one-on-one writing sessions (five weeks 

each) for students who still have concerns 
about this important subscore. 

tip db 1IIf",,ncrss 
We won't abandon you after the 
MCAT. We have interview and 

'1'111 __ (.tI~ illlllIISI ii_a (.-sf miibIf 

application resources , seminars, 
catalogs and profiles on all 126 
U.S. allopathic medical schooh . 
We have a ~acintosh" 
AMCAS application template 

SO you can work on your appli-
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weelu, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than 130 total hours. No wimp. need apply. 

" 2.5 hours per meeting, 44 separate meetings. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
" Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

• We help you re-Iearn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal materiaJ 
you'll need to get a winning MeAT score. All of our materials are subject to student feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasiu the conceprual skills 

SptcNIiud itstnKtm DliR _ illbrifidll 
" You arc taught by foll1' (not one or two) spe-

cialized, MCAT -experienced instructors. 
" All instructors have carned at least a 

Muter's degree and many have won tcach-
ing awards outside our course. 

demanded by the new format MeAT. We now offer 2600 
pages of focused review materials, hundreds of practice 
MCAT·style passages and five practice MCATs. 

Just give u.s a call at 
800 MD-BOUND 

Youll take two diagnostic tests in addition to two (1-800-632-6863) 
full-length MeATs just before the test. Taking the first diag- We'il make sure you 
nostic test early in the course will alert you and )'OW' iJIIbUctcn to}'OW' get what you've 
weak areas in both science ~ and test-taking skills. In addition (a1 ady) 'd ~ 

re pili lor. 
.JtCIU •• _ ... _I ... ___ .6_~ 

/'711 JJ-IIIII ·,lIIal ., IIII!:J 
WllEII ITS, TIlE 7rJ GEt SEBJOUS UIJII'I' THE m-

._ ........... """"'""'- ... _MCATfl.pC-.. _ .... _ .... n...O' __ .. T ...... __ ot ........... 
_ ......... _ot'WI-~ ... 

NEWS 3 

.:t·t:w· 
Mandarin & Szechuan Cuisine 

Gourmet Dining at fast food prices 
brtdl Express -only $3.99 per person. 

Build your own ootnbo plate. Served daily, 11 :30 am-3 pm 

IIlP.Pr IIOUB Mon thru Fri. 3-6 pm· 
l/Z price AgJetizers, Beer & Wine by tbe glass 10% '(H I I 01U All entrees mdde to order 

Dlnnpr pnlrpps "nrlP from 55 ?5 10 S6 75 I \ :-- 350 Uni.."ity A ... >d, San DWgo 1 ~. (Cm-i;4-j68iI"~O 
Now ENROlLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR 1lffi 

e(}iaMJla !feAT Ret!ieaJ 
I ServIng the UCSD .......... 1cII community IJnce 1985 
* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'S-oF-TIlE-FuTuRE * 

°INTlNSIYI MeAT prepantioo .t medical school application/ 
admissions usistance arc an we do! 

" MCAT 1XPQlIS: an independent program taught by UCSD-Inined 
ICIdemic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, k Englisb Depanrnent 
Ph.D. flClllly. 

" 0BIGINAIO& not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
° 13 WlUS (150+ hours) of detailed in-c:lass instruction a: real MCAT 

aung. problem IOlvin,. readinglwriting worksbops. review groups, 
mecllCboollPPlicatiota a: admissions strategies, k tutoring. 

° - lAGlS of original take-horne review notes, reading a: writing 
studypides, MeAT.t admissions Slntegy handouts, problem sets, a: 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

"lEAL MOO TfSDNG for in-c:lass a: take-home pnctice. 
° DIBEcr CONTACT with young UCSD docs .t med students. 
o1Jl1PlUNG. pre-mecllibnry .t med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine. 
• WWU DlDlQN than other counes. 

ENROLL NOW! 456·8488 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edltortal Board 

DOUGLAS ALEXANDER. Editor in Chief 
SIMONE MillER. Copy EdItor 

AlEXANDER THIESEN. News Editor 
ANNA VAISMAN. Opinion Editor 

_ UCSD Gullfdian is puIllished twICe I .... k .. the Uni""roIly of Califomll, San OieCO. Contents 
01994. Views e.ptelMd herein represent the majority vote of tne editorill bOard. IIncI art not 

neoes.orily tho ... of the UC Boord of R~ts. the ASUCSD, nor the entire Guardi"" stell. 

Bureaucratic Gridlock 
Holds Up Paychecks 

When Americans overthrew the Democratic Party on Election 
Day, they were overthrowing what they considered to be the primary 
purveyor of big government. Though the public's response may 
have been overblown or misplaced, few would deny that many state 
agencies function inefficiently and ineffectively. However, ifpaying 
to support such bureaucracies is bad, being forced to depend on them 
can be much worse. 

Just ask the 150-plus UCSD student employees who have been 
swabbing halls, flipping burgers, answering phones and writing 
newspaper articles since the beginning of Fall Quarter and who have 
only just yesterday been paid for their labors. While the paper trails 
and headaches of applying for financial aid or petitioning a class can 
be annoying, not being paid after working some two months on a job 
is, quite frankly, detestable. It might make the difference between 
eating Top Ramen or eating steak; paying the rent or baving to bum 
off family and friends. Or worse. 

Though the administration has offered a number of explanations, 
no one seems to know where exactly in the bureaucratic machine 
tbese students' checks are caught. 

"Access to inquiry from the payroll system is nearly impossible," 
said Pbyllis Walker of the Student Employment Office. According 
to Walker, her office had processed all payroll forms on time, 
saying that delays were probably a result of errors at individual 
departments. However, she added that the Student Employee 
Office had suffered budget cuts and other fiscal-related maladies 
this year. 

Donald Laron, assistant vice chancellor of Business and Financial 
Services, said the payroll office had also processed student paperwork 
on time, adding that "there's a problem just because of influx" of 
student employees. 

However, as Student Legal Services Attorney Tony Valladolid 
pointed out, despite the excuses, the university is "no different than 
any other employer: Wages are the paramount responsibility with 
respect to employment." Valladolid added that students may seek 
compensation for any harm they may have suffered as a result of not 
being paid, "such as [being charged a] $50 late rent fine." 

Though the university may be liable for damages, it's not likely, 
given its frequent bureaucratic roadblocks, that students will receive 
compensation any time in the near future, perhaps long after they 

. graduate. Welcome to the UC. 

Democracy Misused and 
Abused at UCSD 

Although this year's campaigns were tainted by politics which 
detracted from the democratic process, one would bave liked to 
believe that fairness and honesty would prevail in the election 
process itself. However, last week at UCSD, some voters received 
an unpleasant surprise and democracy was once again misused and 
abused, when voting officials told students that they could not vote 
because there were not any ballots left. 

The A.S. should be applauded for filing a claim with the 
Registrar of Voters of San Diego County for denying students the 
right to vote at last week's elections. According to the A.S. report, 
pollsters ran out of ballots 20 minutes before the po lis were scheduled 
to close. Instead of restocking the ballots, officials announced that 
they would close the polls early and tum away an unspecified 
number of students. Although a short time later officials reversed the 
decision and had students fill out substitute ballots, many students 
had already left without voting. 

The fact that, because of a small inconvenience, pollsters were 
willing to deny students one of their basic rights is appalling and 
calls into question the credibility orpoll officials. 
. Although officials deny any wrong-doing and emphasize that 

they eventually supplied students with ballots, this does not erase 
the fact that they violated students' voting rights. Perhaps the 
officials in question felt that since only 20 minutes were left, 
closing the polls early would make no significant difference. Yet, 
it is ironic that the organization which tells us that "every vote 
counts" would disregard even a single vote. This carelessness only 
added to the already-low student turnout on election day, when 
only 40 percent of students who are registered'on campus cast 
baUots. 

It is sad to say that this indiscretion seems oddly fitting in a year 
marked by slanderous campaigns and pathetic election resulta. 
After all, in a state where a billionaire can almost buy his way into 
office, a man can receive life imprisonment for bouncing-a c:bect 
and mothers can go to prison for enrolling their children in school, 
it is not surprising that studenta were denied Iheir constitutional 
riPlI. 

The UCSD Gurdiu 'l'llllndar, Ncnre.ber 17, 19M 

PINION 

~ Etlin/GuMIIiaII 

THE ROTTEN STENCH OF 
ELECTION RESIDUE 

COMMENTARY: The scoundrels we who refer to as our government 
leaders never cease to disgust, embarrass and amaze us 

Special to the Guardian 
The 1994 election was ugly - uglier than nude 

photos of Roseanne, uglier than members of Motley 
Crue, uglier than a Super Bowl featuring the Buffalo 
Bills. The entire campaign wis a gruesome exercise in 
name-calling wbich would have embarrassed most 
toddlers. It was a campaign in which the candidates did 
everything in their power to demean the electoral 
process, insult voters' intelligence and 
otherwise defecate on the concepts of 
liberty and democracy. Professional 
wrestlers are not as iII·mannered as 
many of those who ran for office this 
year. 

two chowder·heads like Pete Wilson and Kathleen 
Brown, perhaps two of the least inspiring people to 
evervieforpublicoffice(with Michael Dubkiscoming 
in a close third). 

We all know about Wilson, who, at worst, has been 
an abject failure at everything he's tried to ac:complish 
in the last four years, and at best - well, he's pretty 
much been an abject failure there, too. He exhibited the 
vision of a blind man' and the convictions of a weasel. 

In better times, the voters would not 
only have thrown him out of office, but 
cast him into exile on some uncharted 
desert isle. 

The resu Its of the elections on Nov. 
8 were certainly historic, but not 
because Republican candidates across 
the country stomped their opponents, 
turned them into paste, and marched 
on a road of Democratic bones to the 
corridors of power. No, the 1994 
election will be remembered for 
another, less savory reason. It will go 
down as tbe year when those vying for 
office acted ' less like government 
leaders and more like hogs rutting in 
their own fecal matter, 

This election left a stain on 
everything whieb we should hold dear 
as Americans - and it's not a stain 
which will soon go away, no matter 
how much the victors talk of 
conciliation and cooperation. 

Egads, what a 
choice voters 
faced. Dumb or 
Dumber? 
aeavlsor 
Butthead? 
Cyanide or 
hemlock? 

Unfortunately, Wilson happened to 
be running against Brown, a woman 
who waited until roughly mid-October 
to finally figure out why she wanted to 
be governor. At least Wilson could 
boast that he was a known atrocity. 
Whatever wicked schemes Brown had 
brewing in' her head, she kept to herself. 
Wilson may have been an incompetent 
evil, but Brown was an evil 
incompetent. She made her dim-bulb 
brother, Jerry, seem quick·witted and 
decisive in comparison. 

Egads, what a choice voters faced. 
Dumb or Dumber? Beavis or 
Butthead? Cyanide or hemlock? Hurry 
up, please. Other people are waiting to 
vote. 

However, the governor's race was 
a shining beacon of democracy 
compared to the hotly contested U.S. 
Senate race between Dianne Feinstein 
and Michael Huffington. Never have 
so many spent so much to say so little 
to so. few who actually gave a damn. 

But hasn 't it been like this for many 
years now? Election years, for better 
orworse, have become a time for voters 
to roll up their pant legs, wade through 
the muck and try not to gag from the 
stench. However, there was something 
distinctly awful about this particular 

Hurry up, 
please. other 
people are 
waltlngto 
vote. 

Huffington, whose reason for 
existence had yet to be determined at 
press time, ran on a platform which 

was simple enough even for dimwita such as his wife, 
Arianna, to undcntand. 

campaign, something which left a lingering bad taste in 
one's mouth, like when you drink a glass of milk a 
week after the expiration date. I blame this on the 
candidates. 

Winston OIurchill once said that democracy is the 
only form of government in which the people get what 
they deserve. But it's unclear what atrocity the people 
of California could have committed to be cuned with 

• Government is bad. 
• PeiDSleiD is bad. 
• People who hate JOVemment lad Peilllfein, such 

ul,arepd. 
• Brp, lead me to Wuhinaeon 10 that I caa serve in 

See MUCK, Pate 5 

MUCK: 
Matching sleaze 
for sleaze 
ContInued from ..... 4 
the very institution wbich I detest. 

What else did Huffing10n have 
to offer to Californians, besides a 
nice haircut anel a ,ivifewith a comical 
accent? Sadly, not much. He is an 
intellectual lightweight, a dumb-
bunl1ywhohappenedtoreadenough 
books to decide that he was a 
conservative - in the same way 
that people who order enough Time· 
Life books claim to be experts on 
home repair. Huffington, to 
paraphrase Reality Bites, is the 
reason Cliff's Notes were invented. 

But perhaps tbe grea test 
testamentto Huffington 'scharacter 
is that he is a multi-millionaire 
with an oft·stated desire to change 
society for the better. Did he start 
an organization or contribute his 
dough to some charity which cou Id 
accomplish this goal? No. He spent 
over $27 mi II ion of his own money 
to build an everlasting monument 

to himself by running for Senate. 
He used his vast personal fortune 
to buy commercials which reduced 
the tenor of debate to a pissing-
and-moaning contest. That nearly 
enough people cast ballots to put 
this nimrod in the Senate is a 
thought alarming enough to make 
me doubt the usefulness of 
universal suffrage. 

Not that Feinstein hasany reason 
to be proud. Instead of running on 
her record of taking the bigh road, 
the distinguished senator from San 
Francisco plunged head-first into 
the muck with Huffington, matching 
him blow for blow, sleazy 
commercial for sleazy commercial. 
She demeaned herself and debased 
her office. She should feel an 
overwhelming shame for allowing 
herself to be sucked in by such 
nonsense. 

I haven't been asked to choose 
between two such thoroughly 
worthless human beings since -
well, since 1992. Then, the failed 
incumbent was George Bush, and 
his uninspired opponent was Bill 
Clinton. [ didn't care for either of 

The UCSDC ....... 

them, really, but decided to vote for 
the lesser of two evils: I bit the 
bullet and cast my lot with Clinton, 
a vote which I have regretted ever 
since. 

Tbis year, I made no such 
mistake. Instead of picking between 
a repulsive Republican or an 
incompetent Democrat, I opted for 
the candidates who I thought were 
the best ones running-in this case, 
I voted for Libertarians. It doesn't 
matter much that my vote meant 
very little when the final numbers 
were tallied. At least I can look at 
myself in tbe mirror, which I doubt 
even members of the Brown, Wi Ison, 
Huffi'lgton and Feinstein clans can 
do. 

But what's done is done. The 
voters are downright miffed at 
Clinton and the Democrats, and so 
they voted for Republicans by the 
bucket·loads. These are the same 
voters, remember, who, in a fit of 
pique two years ago, gave the fi nger 
to Bush and the Republicans and 
ushered the now-loathed Clinton into 
office; the same voters who nearly 
elected Ross Perot, even though the 

wily Texan never proved he was 
mentally stable enough to operate 
heavy machinery, let alone be given 
the keys to run the entire Free World 
store. 

Two years from now, when tbe 
Republicans fail to deliver on their 
much-ballyhooed Contract With 
America, the still·perturbed 
electorate will vote them out and 
probably reelect the same 
Democrats who just received their 
pink slips. 

And fail they will. The modern· 
day politician spends three-quarters 
of his term bungling ' from one 
mishap to another, and the otber -
quarter scrambling about in hopes 
of getting reelected. Witness Wilson, 
who, after spending tbree years 
asleep at the switch, awoke from his 
sl umber and aggressively 
campaigned for the "Three Strikes" 
and "Save Our State" initiatives, 
two ballot measures which read as if 
they had been drafted by Ihree school 
boys and a retarded mo·nkey. 

This is no way to run a 
de m oeraey . The answer to 
America 's ills doesn 't lie with the 

OPINION 5 

Republicans or Dernoerats, at least 
not with the current bill of goods 
they're trying to foist upon us. They 
will continue with their partisan 
sniping, their intellectually bereft 
ideas and tbeirrudderlas leadership, 
so long as voters continue to go into 
the booths and opt for the lesser of 
two evils. Anyone who continues to 
vote this way is as much to blame 
for tbis sham of an election as any of 
the candidates. 

Only when voters throw their 
support behind a candidate who 
they truly believe is the best one 
running - even if it's a lesser· 
known tbird·party candidate-will • 
the two major parties wake up and 
realize that they are poorly serving 
this country, It will take a shock to 
tbe system - a third-party 
candidate taking 25 percent of the 
vote, forcxample - toknock some 
sense into the jackasses who run 
for office. 

And it beller start happening 
soon. After all, you have to burn the 
village to save it. So, let 's douse the 
bastards with lighter fluid and break 
out the Zippos. 

Read the Guardian. Read the Guardian. 
Write a letter to the editor. Write a letter to the editor. 

$1 COLLEGE BEEltNIGHT 
AUl0.0z.~"" 

$t.7p. 
' ... SI ...... ..,"'..., 

MONDAY 
NOVEMBER 18 

8PM 
MONTEZUMA 

HALL 



6 

• It's A GrocerY Store 
• It's A Dra& Store 
• It's A PhaI1D&CJ 

The UCSD Guardian 

& Actuarial Interns 
Don't Just Crunch 
Numbers. 
AI 'h ••• r erica We eo.p.la our 
fuIure Is in !be bands IIId miIIds of our 
adUaries. 

So we oller III inteDsi\le Summer InIemsblp 
Propn dw tnIns )011 10 de¥elop. price 
aod market &nancial security pndH:Is and 
10 maIyJe Ibe &nanciaI muIts. Our 
prosnm indudes: 

~ IIInch-on work ezperience 
~ SIll-led seminars 
~ SIudy lime br adIWiaI exams 
~ EDm reimbursemelllS 
~ JIeco&nilioo recepIioo 
If )OII're a self-1IIOIMIed adIleger, inspired 
by IJIIIO¥IIion and euelleoce. you'llllod !be 
~ rewudia& It n.1 •• rerica 
We CompaieI. 

I Come To Our Actuarial Prognmi 
Information Session 
November ~8, 1994 
12:3QPM - 2:00PM 

Career Senices Center 
Multipurpose Room 103/104 

TRANSAMERICA 
• LIFE COMPANIES 

Working together is the best policy.-
... _......., ..... dIpIIy ... _ol....,_ 
... .........,_ .... ---.---w_ .• _ ... _ .. _ .. .....,-..od".....,. 

Tbur.d·l.Noy~r17.1994 

At Kapil"" you don't blve to "lit for our fint 
clus to get I bead start on tbe MeAT. 

Our leami~ extras help raise yOtl' score as soon as you enroll: 

8 KadIn's .... SbIdy Notes IIIeIII you.can IFb it wiIh you. IDdned. lau.r.eci IIId raJder-fiicndly- over 
l~ pIBeS r11Ciente m1ew. 

A KaJM!'S Ric PietIft Videol nwkes lICiaa brush-ups .euy.oo~ 
A KaplIn's TniaI_1 Unry A..JioIVIdeo. ~ Lab V gives you access 10 the worlds largest col1ection of MeAT 

JIICIK:e JIIIIeriIIs. 

O K~ TIlton Jrll'1deexperl individual instrucI10n unIIl you get it right. 

KAPLAN 
__ 11_"-

laId 
Come Join The 
Celebration! 

• It's A VideO Center 
• It's A ITOseD yogurt ShoP 
• It's A One Boor PhO~ ShOP 

• Food Sa ...... pllng. Prize Drawing-
Enter To Win One Of These Great Prizes: • Trip To Hawaii For Two, - Quasar 
Compact Disc Changer, • Panasonic Omnivision Video Reco~Year's Supply 
Of John Morrell Bacon,· $100 U.S. Savings Bondi See Store For Details. 

• It's APostaJADuex 
• It's A DrY Cleaners 

And Much Mueh Korel 

1177 ... &.. MIl DrIw 
.............. &.. .......... 

SMITH'S 
U.lOLLA 

IN 
U_LLA 
VILLAGE 
SQUAIIE, 

U ...... 
UV.L 

Prices Effective 11/17/94-11 /24/94 
~ • '.\ ._ '. t !.~ ~. ~~ .. ~ _. . ' I ( I . 

Busset 
PotatoeS 
10 Lb. Bag, U.S. No. 1 

... 

u. ....... 

Cob, * Cob, 8prbe, 
_ Buq'. or Dr. Pepper 
6 Pack, 12 oz. Cans, All Varieties 

o 

, ............... 

Thunday. November 17,1994 

ELECTION: PROTEST: 
ContInued from PICe 1 Continued from .,.,. 1 

Martin added that, "We now have picketed and distributed appro xi-
the legal means to get the UC ad- mately 10,000 informational fliers. 
ministration to sit down with us and The drive for ASE unionization 
listen to us, something we've been of began in November of 1983, 
denied for years. " after a court case was filed demand-

UPTE is currently surveying ing that teaching assistanls, resident 
technical employees to assess their assistanls, readers, tutors and acting 
priorities, Martin said. instructors at UC Berkeley be given 

"The first step is dver, but there's the right to unionize. In the spring of 
a lot more to come," UCSD techni- 1992, the California Supreme Court 
cal employee Koichi Naruichi said. 

Naruichi's foremost concern is 
the employee performance evalua- PAY: tion process. "Whoever is in charge 
of reviewing the performance evalu- ConUnued from .,... 1 
ations doesn't look at them." said lhat the student employment 
Naruichi added that technical em- office has processed all employee 
ployees had not received cost of payroll forms on time and that un-
living increases for several years. paid checks were probably the re-

Martin said that he remains cau- suit of errors from the employees' 
tious about the future of the contract individual departments. 
procedure. "The bargaining process Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
may take up to a year or more." Business and Financial Services, 

,. 

MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
IN A CHILD'S LIFE 

• • 
LaY 

active students for kids 

If you are interested in 
tutoring kids, come to 

A.S.K. INFO NIGHT 
Thesday, Nov. 22, 4·5 pm 

San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 

Call the Volunteer Connection for more information at 534-1414 
Sponsored by ASUCSD and the Volunteer ConnectioD 

Share The Gift of Life 
If you are in exceUent health and between the ages of 

18 and 30, you may be eligible 10 ••• 

Become An Egg Donor ~ 
The Reproductive Seleaas Ceater 

La Jolla • Poway 

for more information calL .. 
625-0125 

r------------------ ----, i DUGE November 19 & 20 
i SIJNGIASSES 

iSAI~ 
I 

.... _ .. 

I 
I 
I 
t 

.... w. Squn • 11IIIcIIy .... oIDr.I.MndIII's· 1...,...1115 L ________ ~----------__ ---~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

upheld a Stale Court of Appeals 
ruling granted Berkeley students 
employed as readers, tutors and act-
ing instructors the right to collective 
bargaining. However this right was 
not extended to teaching assistants 
or resident assistants. 

In 1993, the ASE/UAW. intlu-
eneed by the Berkeley precedent, 
conducted a card drive among 
UCSO readers, tutors and acting 
instructors to determine if student 
employees were in favor of union 

Donald Larson said that the Payroll 
office is also on schedule' with all 
student payroll paperwork. How-
ever, Larson admitted that "there is 
a problem just because of influx," 
caused by the 3,500 student em-
ployees forms which must be re-
processed every year. 

Walker also said that the student 
employment office has taken bud-
get culs, losl employees and failed 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Zebrra 
Copy 
Unlimited 

Copies 
3.5' ea • 
,8.5" xU"· 201 white 

selfselW 

-

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

r--------., I II, II, ... i •• If Ilfll I 
: I:::. ~·F· IIH' I EIICIE··I : 1.1 ..... __ I 
_ ... ..,-

I - ·r.......... II _000_ 
1·'-' I 

,,'1/'- I 
25% I 
OFF I 

.CIIIII I 
DIIIb I 

I La.lllla roo RIgInIs ROId I 
I SIl 111111 till VonI SIIIIpping CtnIIr I 
l .... ll.f:30s. .. nn .• 1HOfft. ISII. I 

"!p1-NII 

NEWS 7 

representation. heard before PERB this February. If 
The requisite number of cards ils petition requesting union recog-

was submitted to the California Pub- nition for readers, tutors and acting 
lic Employment Relations Board instructors is approved, UC is ex-
(PERB), but the university argued peeled to appeal the decision. The 
that these job descriptions were not UCSD employees will then proceed 
classified under California 's Higher through the four-step legal process 
Education Employer Employee Re- toward unionization. 
lations Act (HEERA), making these A ruling from the February 
employees ineligible for collective PERB hearing for UCSD is expected 
bargaining. next summer, according to Mary 

The UCSD ASE/UA W will be Ann Massenburg, a UA W represen-
the first campus to have ils case IItive, 

to receive its annual funding for students have the right to be paid 
overtime pay. regularly, He added that employees 

"The hiring date is Sept. 23, we may seek compensation for dam-
didn't receive paperwork from some ages they suffer as a result of not 
departments until Nov. 4," Walker being paid. 
said. She added that employees who The Payroll department plans to 
still have not received their pay- implement a new processing pay-
checks should contact their depart- roll system in January which will 
ments. share the computer syslem with in-

Tony ValJadolid, an attorney at dividual departments and the stu-
Student Legal Services, said that dent employment office. 

. 

o La Jolla Fertility Clinic 
LA JOLLA 
FERTILITY 
CLINIC 

To help our infertile couples we have an esIabIished 
program for egg donors and surrogates. We provide 
in-hou.. counseling a.vices and confidentiat 
sc:rwning. 
Compensation ia provided for egg donor, ($2,000) 
and surrogates ($12,000) . Our program i, run by 
Board certified phyaiclanl. 

(800)74-FERTILITY 
(619) 450-9100 

~-----------------~ 
J CDmbtn.e I!wordfi,sh 

With I Chidt~n And 
Yot(LL <l~t Jo}Jt.etning 

Pr~tty !rrlAting. 

I 

I{tu and. b~ans on th~ 
std.~1 wt th thi.s c.ou,pon fish T a.CD &.. 
only $5 .75 g~ts you.. I\. Chidt~n gOu.rtr\.~t fi.sh ta.c.o and. JkU'rito a. chtc.~~n bu.rri. to, .pLu.s 
rtu and. b~ans. V Ott c.an CoJrtbina.tton 
I\.(so a.d.d.1\. (I\.r[J~ soft Ra.tter d.rtn~ tn I\. fl{[[ s.ports 
bot Ht. to this $5.75 c.ofJl.btnI\.Uon .pLa.t t~r. 
1\.(( for ju.st $6.50. $0 

Offer ~ood unlii 11 130194. g~t dt.p.ptng nOW and. Good from 4 p.m. dai lv. and a ll 
aJrtl\.z..~ yOttrs~( f today. day alurday & unday. 

SenOR Pesca 
CAFE MEXtCANA 
LA ,lOUA Vtll"S~ Dnv~ At K~g~nts KCN.cl 
l)el(tto Ant~'s / LA Jolla. 
Q.p~n D.~ly .sun. -T\Iln. II :30 a..1Il. - 8:30.,.1Il. 

fri o - .hl. II :30 A,III.. - 9:30 " .1'\.. 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I f'IteII6 457-0597 I L ____ ~ ________ ~ ___ ~ 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, November 17,1994 

AARON BROIHERS - Art 
supplies and custom framing. 
ALASKAN YOGURf. BANK 
OF AMERICA - Full service 

15 banking, loans and investments. 
BJ'S CHICAGO PIZZERIA - Eat-in, take out & 
delivery! BLOCKBUSfER. CENTURY 21 
VILLAGE REALTY - Real estate sales & loans. 
Selling Homes for homeowners. Locating homes for 
non-homeowners. CLOfHESfIME - Junior miss 
fashion name brands for less. CORNERSTONE 
MANAGEMENT. DEAN'S 50 MINUTE PHom 
- 50 minute color processing. Full service photo lab. 
FLOWER BASKET. GREAT EARfH VITAMINS 
- Specializing in diet, fitness, energy and more! 
HARf/COSSOLIAS - Experiential groups for 
relationship issues. INDEPENDENCE ONE BANK 
OF CALIFORNIA - Banking Services. KINKO'S 
LA JOLLA - Color copies, typesetting, business 
cards, postersibanners. LA JOLLA APPRAISAL. 
LA JOLLA COFFEE STOP - Specializing in coffee 
and espresso drinks. LA JOLLA NEWPORT 
FINANCIAL - Residential and commercial real 
estate financing. LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL 
GROUp, Dr. Eshom, D.D.S.lDr. White, D.D.S. LA 
JOLLA OPTIKS, Dr. Colin Bernstein,O.D. 
PACIFIC EYES & T'S - Specializing in sunglasses 
and California activewear for guys & gals. PACIFIC 
THEATERS. RADIO SHACK - Providing all your 
consumer electronic needs. RALPH'S GROCERY. 
SAMSON'S BAKERY & DELI - Kosher-style New 
York deli. SAV-ON DRUGS - Open 24 hours a ~, 
STATE FARM INSURANCE - Lori A Long, 
Agent. SfROUD'S LINEN WAREHOUSE - The 
linen expert. SUNNY FRESH CLEANERS - Dry 
cleaning, laundry and alterations. Wedding gown 
cleaning. T.G.I.FRIDAY'S. TRAVEL TRAVEL LA 
JOLLA - Full service travel agency - cruise experts. 
U.S. POstU SERVICE. WELLS FARGO BANK 
ATM. YOUNG AlTITUDES - Professional services 
and products for hair and nails. BOB'S GYPSY 
DELI - O~, you may not be able to buy pig noses 
here. But, with all these stores you can still go 
hog wild. 

Tlnanday, NoY""'" 17, 19M 

CLASH: Number-
three Tritons eying 
top-ranked Bears 
Codnued from .,... 12 

ucsO's annual Mizuno Invita-
tional. It took five sets and every 
ounce of support 011 the Bears' side-
line to eek out an 8-1S, 12-15, 15-
10, 17-15, 17-15 victory over the 
Tritons. 

This year, UCSO is out to regain 
the championship and seek revenge 
on Washington which has had the 
Tritons' number lately. 

"Our focus is to know Washing-
ton like we've never !mown another 
team," sophomore outside hitter 
Madelyn Ripken said. "We are not 
going to be caught by surprise." 

"We know who their key play-
ers are and what to expect," senior 
setter Jennifer Schofield added. "By 
Saturday, we'll know them like the 
back of our hands." 

baed UCSD alums hid been teU-
ing us that we would be going to St. 
Louis," Head Coacb Doug Danne-
vik said. 

But IS long IS they will be here, 
the Tritons would like nothing more 
than to see an enthusiastic crowd of 
UCSD supporters who are every bit 
as thrilled as they are about this op-
ponunity. 

"We are really excited that we 
get to play at home," Ripken said. 
"Hopefully, the fans will be just as 
excited." 

"Excited is an understatement," 
Schofield quickly added. 

With all the excitement in the air, 
one is almost lulled into forgetting 
the contest itself. The Tritons, who 
have a 27-6 record this season, are 
coming otIwins over Cbapman CoI-
lege and Cal Lutheran at last 
weekend's Western Regionals. 

The UCSD Gaudiu 

M. SOCCER: 
Lose 5-4 on penalties 
ContInued froIn ..... 12 
to the punch on the first four shots, 
but their Bethany counterparts were 
equally as successful against Tri ton 
goalie George Allison. 

But Sallad would have the last 
laugh. "Newcomer started to run up 
and he noticed the keeper was lean-
ing in the direction he was going to 
go," Curran said. "So Jay tried to 
change the comer he was going to 
and he ended up puning the ball in 
the middle. [Sallad] leapt but he 
somehow managed to get a toe on 
the ball and kept it out. Six inches 
in either direction and it goes in." 

Shon Mesk, who burned the 
UCSD defense with the first goal of 
the game at 59:28, did not make the 
same mistake, netting the final pen-
alty kick to give Bethany the 5-4 
penalty kick advantage victory. 

SPORTS 9 

:- . 

The fact that this contest wiu be 
played in La Jolla is an added ad-
vantage that UCSD has not enjoyed 
in its last three playoff showdowns 
against Washington ('90, '91, and 

Washington (39-2) stormed 
through Emory (GA), and Trinity 
University (TX) en route to this 
weekend's collision with UCSD, 
which will likely produce the na-
tional champion. 

"We're going to be as prepared 
for this team as for any team we 
have ever played," Oannevik said. 
"This match is the virtual title 
game." 

To pour salt in the wound, the 
winner was virtually guaranteed to 
host the Final Four this weekend. 

"It was a tough way to finish off 
my four years, because we were so 
good this season," Curran said. "But 
we had an incredible year and this 
team will be a force for awhile. " 

800-777-0112 Blj STA JRAVEL 
'92). . 

"We were surprised to be host-
ing, ~ecause all week St. Louis-

Don't Miss It! 

WELLS FARGO BANK 
Grand Opening 

Featuring: "Team Extreme" 
(Inline Skating Exhibitions) 

WHERE: 

WHEN: 
EVENTS: 

Smith's Food & Drug 
8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Saturday, November 19, 1994 

Team Extreme Noon, 2pm, 4pm 
Free Stagecoach rides llam - 2pm 
$500 grocery drawing at 4:00pm 
Free refreshments 10:00am - 4:00pm 

. Open a new checking account, or refer a 
friend and receive $10 in Smith's groceries! 

Wells F~rgo Bank 
(Inside Smith's Open 7 Days A Week) 

8657 La Jolla Village Dr. 
(619) 455-9590 

~--------------------------, 1:.< >Cl 

DO Y U 
HATE TYPING? 

I 
WELL...f'LL DO IT FOR YOU. I 

I 
I 

TERM PAPERS , RESUMES, ETC. : 
U'SER PRINTING, PICK-UP. DELIVERY : 

I 
I 

$1 .50/PAGE I 
I 
I 

CAll 857-8283 (Jason) : 
or 488-8639(Leava messege) : 

I 
--------------------------~ 

: Flurry: 
:$199 :', I ' I 
I ... $2.50 I 
ISIuIontD--.,.Nat ____ -... I 
L Onepr_. ~ 11/26/ 94 • --------~ 

. 

BIIIIw Oft ,. Lonl /MIl ClIrfIt, IIIfIl 
..... ,. ...... .,'*-. 

-""0 

. / 

/ 



. ' 

I ~ 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

UCSDIclHocIr8yva.. SDSU SaIutday 
11/184 p.m. L.ocation: SOIA in Mira 
Mesa for directions call 530-1826. 
FREEIII (11117) 

. 

MeIhodiIt. EpiIcapaIand Preebylerian 
1IUdenII. join in Creative Worship on 
SllkJrdaylWlllinga from6:»7:30p.m. 
WeeMtf .. Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. Rides 
w-*ble 458-1501 . Intormation 534-
6951. C61ebr_ Conference National 
Student Gathering. December 2fh1an 
1. 1995. Scholarships are available. 
C.II 534·6951. Chaplain Bob 
WIIQ8Mr. (1117-1211) 
UCSD Police Auction. Saturday. 
November 19th. Pre-Auction viewing. 
9:30 a.m. Auction starts at 10:00 am. 
ltematobeauc:tioned include: bicycles, 
caJcuIaIOfS. watches. jewelry. books. 
and much morel Cash 0( check only. 
$1.00 refundable bidder deposit 

~inId. Near comer a/Regents Road 
and Voigt Drive (Eastern part of 
campus). (11/14-11/17) 
Muir Graduation Committee will meet 
Monday. November 21st. 11 am. 
Everyone weIcomel Questions? 534-
3'fH7. (11/17) 
auEER BEER. Oueer University 
emptoyees meetlng at 5:30pm. Nov 
18th Oust for fun) . Everyone's invited. 
(11/14-11/17) 
ENERGY BOOSTER Truly amazing. 
All natural. FREE 3 day supply pack. 
Call 585-3162. (1117·11/21) 

1101 ~I\(; 
HiIIcnIst near UCSD Medical Center 
roonwnate to share 2 bedroom. 2 bath 
apartment. $347.50. available 
December 15. 692-9720. (11/17-12/ 
1) 
Room and bathroom available in large 
MIssion Hills house. Walking distance 
tD ... UCSD shuttle. Dial 299-3652 
tor details. (11/17) 
.-...y 1: large tumished room-
IOU8'I U.C. safelqulel; share kitchen! 
"'wlhfllmalestudent$350. Utilities. 
LanIry inckJded. 452.()939. (11/17· 
12ft) 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Clossified advertising is sold in 20-wonl inamrenIs. 1JIe rate per 20 wonU is $2 for 
students (for personal use only), $3107' faculty and staff, and U for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed willa a chedc (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DemJIines are 3 p.m.1hursdIly for Monday s 
issue, and3 p.m. Mont/Qy for 1hundays issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416. Mailingadtlress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: C/Qssijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenIeI' A, top floor. 

Roommate wanted for smd sunny 2 
bedroom home on La Jolla ,Shores 
Drive. L..argeyard, laundry. garage for 
storage. 3 blocks to beach. M/F must 
be clean and responsible. (Prefer 
Grad.) No smokin~drugslpets. $400. 
Available 12·15·94. 551-9726. (11/ 
17) 
Cardiff House. 2 rooms. $325 each. 
fencedyard, laundry. park and trails in 
back. pets negotiable. We're friendly. 
tidy. 436·9860. (11/17·11/28) 
Room for. Rent. University City 
furnished $325.00 Includes utilities, 
free access to beautiful private home, 
nice canyon view. Call 452-8669 Of 
~711 (11/17-11/28) 
Female needed to share room in 2 
story town-house off Gilman. Wash! 
dryer. garage. pool. $255/month, 
starting Dec 1 st. 535-9092 (11/14-11/ 
28) . 
Master Room'full bath. Female: c:IeaIV 
responsibte/qulel. to share duplex with 
couple/grad. students. Laundry. 
furnished. ocean view. Cardiff by Sea. 
$370 + 1/3 util . 632·1432. (11/14-11/ 
21) 
$225/mo. for own room in Clairelnont 
house. with two seniors and grad. 
Move in 12·1. $200 sec. dep. 270-
0429. (11/1()'11/21) 
Female roommaIeW8Jnted. Own room 
in light, spacious condo near UTC. 
$363+1/3 utilities. Avlilable December 
12. 455-0364. (11/1()'11/17) 

ROOMMATE WANTED for 2BR. 
2.5BA CambrIdge Condoavailable 11/ 
15. Laundry. garage. $62S1month. 
Walk to UCSO. 535-0985. (10131·111 
28) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME·SAVE rent 
DoIlatI. Near UCSD CONDOS 1 br1 
$80.000+. 3M. $140.000+. HOUSES 
$190.000+. Good Financing. PICIfic 
Beach-SAIL BAY Townhouse 3br/3 
ba$199.500. DIscounts: see Ad UCSD 
Student/FacultylS1afl Directory page 
5. Info anytime: ReJMaxAuoc. Jucllh 
HAODOX275-2618. (10t'27-11/17) 

E'IPI.O' 'lEY!' 
Torrey Pines Golf Course Driving 
Range. Part·tIme day attendantI and 
night closing crew. Start $5.00/h0Ur. 
Some golfing privileges. Contact Steve 
at driving range. Mi2·3226. (11/17·11/ 
21) 
Need Cash? Domino's Pizza is now 
hiring. Become apart of the worId's 
largest pizza delivery company. 
Drivers can earn up to $12.0Mv., 
must be 18. with valid driver's 1iQenae. 
insured Vehicle, good driving record. 
Stop by ourLaJoIallkn. 3211 HolIday 
Ct.. after 11 a. m. or call 452-8213. 
EOE. (11/17-12/1) 
ALASKA EMPLOYMENT Fishing 
Industry. Earn to 13,00NI.OOO+ per 
month + benetIIB. MaIeIFemaIe. No 
ecpeIienctnec III.-y. (206) 545-4155 
8Itt ASS761 . (11/17-12/1) 

~lISIpaychoIogiawent 
bright. reaourceful. Maclntoah 
proficient, 1IIke-charge uaiat8nt. 1()" 
20 hours a week to auiIt with office 
clerical responslbilitiet. retearch. 
writir9editing. Send ntIUITl8to IFWR. 
1020 Proeped Street, Sub 400. La 
Jolla. 92037. (11/14-11/28) 
The NatIon'aleader In testpreparallon 
seeksclynamlc Instructora far lie SAT. 
GRE. LSAT. GMAT. and MCAT 
progr8l1'l8. Energy. enthuaillsm, and 
high test lCOreaa must. c.R 558-0500 
3-Spm. M-F Competitive pay. 1()"12 

h~. (11/14-11/17) 
BABYSITTER WANTED: LookIng tor 
kind, energetic atudent to look after 2 
young boyS and Infant. Occaaionai 
weekend hours. Call 458-6803. (11/ 
14-11/17) 
Get oontrol of your life. be in charge & 
get rich through network maJ1ceting. 
EXCEUent opportunity. For more 
information call 558-8121 . (11/10-12/ 
1) 
Articulate. enthuaiastlc atudents 
wanted to help raise money tor UCSD. 
$6thr plus bonus. Contact UCSD 
Telephone Outreach Program 536-

1~. (11/7-12/1) 
Wantedlll Individuals and Student 
Organlzatlona to Promote SPRING 
MEAKI5. Elm aubManIIaI MONEY 
and FREE TRIPS. CALL INTER· 
CAMPUS PROGRAMS 1-8OQ-327· 
6013. (11/3-11/21) 

....,.,., Beach Conc»-2 bedroom, 
f.5 beIth. Across from beach. Pool- Rooms for rent; CIairemont; $2321 

ESPRESSOi'COFFEE DRIVE·THRU 
in north P.B. eeeks an 8lq)8rienced. 
responIibIe barista for PIT work. Must 
be able to work a.m.·s and weekends. 
CalI488-4255. (7arn-12pmweekdayl) 
or 223-5282. (11/17) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT 
Make up to $2,OClO-t4,OOO+/monIh 
tuchIng baaicc:orMr'llllloMl EngIIIh 
abroad. Japan. Taiwan, Md S. Kora 
ManytfT1)loyeraproyide roorn&bo.-d 
+ other beneflta. No teaching 
b.ckground or Mlan languaget 
required. For more information cal: 
(206) 632·1146 ext. J59762 (10/27· 
11fl1) 

B. $650. 575-1674. (11/17-119) $223 + depoeII; 1/4 utili; 4 bdmV2 
baths house. Call Karen 541-2073. 
(1117·11/28) Uniwersity City room for rent $325 p/m 

in private home. Full amenities. non 
.....,preferred. 452-8669 days 455-
8711. (11/17·12/1) 
W...eed 1 or 2 females for master 
bedroom at Renaissance by UTC; 
$262.SO or $52S1month + deposit 
Adilable January for Winter + SprIng 
quarter. Includes own bathroom. 
...... /tJryer. pooVJacuzzi. fireplace. 
gym. Call Terry 622-9646. (11/14-111 
21) . 
We hIIve a room available for one or 
twot.maleroommates close to UCSDI 
Own bathroom. Hot tub. pool. wor1<out 
100m. Call Allison or Sara 457-1883. 
Rent starts January 1. (11/14-11/28) 

3 bedroom Condo near UTC. UCSD . 
One available now, another available 
January1 . ~month. WasMr/dryer, 
pool. Cal 792-6453. (1117-12/1) 
Female Roommate: Own room. 
Clairemont House. Non·smoklng. 
Clean, quiet, responsible. All 
appliances. $300 + deposit. 1/3 
utilities. 232·3437. (1117,11/21) 
ROOM FOR RENT, $250. 5 minutes 
from campus. 4 bedroom. 2 1/2 bath 
newer house. Includes furniture. 
laundry. & kitchen. Female·. non· 
smoker preferred. Cal Wendy 578-
8683. (11/7·11/21) 

R •• ponalbl.. mature. creative 
Graduate Student with strong library 
and onUne research skills, excellent 
computer typing ability. reliable 
transportation ne.ded to assist 
profes.or with active consulting 
practice. Intere.t in advertising. 
audience & market research a plus. 
10 hrslweek. atarting $101hr. 434-
1461 . (11/14-11/28) 
PART· TIME CLERK. FlorIst In L.aJoAa 
Village Shopping Center. Evenings 
and weekenda 1 ()"25 hrWwk. 455-
1600. (11/14-11/17) 
TAKE·CHARGE ASSISTANT. 

MOTIVATED ~NDIVIDUALS 
WANTED 10 diltrb.ltOr poIItioI_1eft. 
($25 c.ah upon completion of 
appIIcaIIon procell. Earn up to $700). 
Our Doctor recommended nutrIIIor1III 
prociJcta increaIe energy, curb your 
appetite and atop your cravings tor 
sweets. Call PINNACLE·SYATT 
ENTERPRISES AT 1·800-PIN-A· 
CUL (10127.11/17) 
EXTRA INCOIE FOR M Earn $50(). 
.1000 weekly IIuffIng envelopes. For 

Nevv Music At The 
· .. For Half The Price. 

Don't miss these exciting performances! 

Thundey, Noy..m.r 11, 19M 
dIItaIII • RUSH '1.00 wIIh SASE to: 
Group FIve. 5701_"" DIM, SuiIe 
307. bcMr. DE 1Il101. (tQ'2Q-tl8) 
Subjects wanted for a ltudy on 
alcohol'. effeeta. If you are a 
J.pa .... , Chi ...... or Kor .... 
AmerIcIIt-bom ..... call ScrWa 
R •• arch fof men 1nformaIIon. 554-
7240. ~ rWnburaed. (10i1()' 
12/1) 
Paid ManagemenllnternahIp • Be' 
trained In marketing. ..Ie • • 
Interviewing. motivation. cuatomer 
reIaIIona, etc. Earn minimum 2,500 to 
10K managing a Innc:h of Student 
Wortca PaIntIng. Molt I*tng wII be 
camplele by Nov tor aprtnpumrner 
podiOl'1l. Call (800) 394 6000 fof 

~. (10(10-1211) 
.. iEARN EXTRA CASH .. Be a 
blood/pluma donor, PYRAMID 
BIOLOGY CORP SIn Diego 298-
4011. San Yaldro 890-4434 (W» 12/ 
1) 

Infinity Kappa car Speak~" 
$175. 6 lfl" $75. call Steve. 554-
0804. (11/17-11/28) 
Charvel 625D black acouatIcIelectric 
guitar w/Adive preemp, 3-band Ea. 
volume control. and hardaheII cue. 
$280. Chai 452-6404. (11/17·11/21) 
Honda 50. Spree Scooter. excellent 
condition, low mI_. black with front 
basket. $600. Helmet Included. call 
DebbIe Of Edward. 632·9332. (11/17) 
Toyota Corolla SR5. 1989. 5 apeed. 
air. cruise. amIIm~, NCertI1lne 
uP. timing belt. runt great. 88K miles. 
$66OOIobo. 581-62n. (11/17) 
Sur1board: 6'4" TmmyPabnIon. good 
condition. $140 obo. Quick.llver 
apringIuit. SizeM. $600b0.552-8171 . 
(11/17) , 
Round trip ticket SO to SFO. leave 
Nov 23. retum Nov 28. $751000. 
BrIdget 454-4432. (11/17-11/21) 
MOVING SALEI Fullize bed $70. 5 
drawerdreuer.loOkInewS70. dorm 
aized rafrigIndOIS15. cal 455-0384. 
(11/17-11/28) 
VobwagIn CM1*. 1971. 17,000 
mlin on rebuin engine. excellent 
mechanical condition. gre .. for 
camping. $1.95O/beIt. Steve 436-
9880. (11/17-111'28) 
CORDLESS PHONE and 
ANSWERING MACHINE fof ..... AI 
for $60. Phone II only 1 ya. old, 
anawertng machine 2 ~ old. Both 
In perfect condition. Original box, 
packaging. docs with phone. manual 
(no boX) for machine. 822-1882 (111 
17) 
Maclntoeh SE. exteIlded keyboard. 
dwaN, Image Wrteer II. AlA tor 1825. 
Burton bIrdIge and anowboard (173). 
Call Mb@858-0122. (11/14-11/17) 
Power Book 170. 4rMI + hard dIIk. 
Internal modem. Lda of 80ftwaN + 
carrying case. $950 Cal 488-1645 
eve. or 792-8470 days. (11114-11/17) 
Formal Dresses. SIze 518. ahort & 

Get your half-price student tickets today by bringing your student 10 to the ticket office. 
Kronos Quartet 

•

: U.kti 
, " Friday, November 18, 8 pm 

, • $ 18. $21 (full pric~) • 
Saturday. November 19. 8 pm. $21. $25 (full pric~) 

»,e··Df!rtormllllH:e lecture: The Achievements of Kronos, 
You've heard them on Paul 

Simon, Peter Gabriel and Milton 
Nascimento albums. Now hear 
their New Age mechanical and 

II hypnotic sounds of the . Rainforest from their own • hit CD's. Mapa and I Ching. 
6:30 pm. $5 

As important to music as Shakespeare is to theater, 
the Kronos' spellbinding, iconoclastic music-
making has blown the whole concept of cham· 
ber music off the shelves and onto the charts I 

It's classical. Irs jazz. It's folk. Irs rock. Irs ICronos. 
340 N. Escondido Blvd. Escondido. CA 92025 (619) 738-4100. 

1'hunday, November 17,1994 

fitting. off the shoulder. beautiful 
brocede of baby blue. Other. aID S. 
alrapl_. NfIIy whh lace. BoIh worn 
only once. Call 87&-0117 (11/14-11/ 
30) 

.. DeeIIIet 800C PRINTER tor tale. 
1 year old •• e new. lJaed for printing 
papers. In excelentcondlllon. Original 
packaging/box. document.tlon. 
manuaIa. dwaN. WHllncIude a new ooIor= ($2S value) and prInIer 
cable ( COlt ,'0, did not come 
with prIrUr when bought originally). 

~OOCal822·1882. (11/14-11/17) 
DeeJayMlup: CoffIn, mixer. Technics 
tumtablet, eoo-Watt Cerwin.Vega 
amp and rack. C-V But bottoms 
equlv. aix 15" • . '1500. 558-5764. (11/ 
1()" 1 1/28) 
The UCSD Bike Shop has excellent 
deal. on 04 model bikes. bike 
acce.or.., ,.,..and repairs. Corne 
check It out! (11/3-11/28) 

COMPUTER REPAIRS In ywrhorr)e. 
dorm or office. PC/Maclnto.h, 
hardwInr'aofIw ... Alto. cuatom Unix 
1neIaJIatIon. Student diIcountal MIle, 
622-8079. (11/10-12/1) 
PROFESSIONAL RESUMES, letters 
and termpapera. BestWOfdprofesling 
.ervice. .t competitive rate •. 
Accurate, fa.t and guaranteed 
ullllaction. AahIey 558-7614. (10131-
11/28) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION. 
consulting .nd troubleshooting. 
Individual or group Ieaaona. FIeIdbIe 
hours. MIce 792-9622. (10120-1/19) 
UCSO MEDICAL CENTER 81 Hillcreet 
needa healthy voIunleers, agel 18 to 
SO. for a 2 hour 'E~1ink Study." $10 
plus par1ci1gwiU bepnMded. Cal PaaIe 
81543·2314. (1 0f1 ()'1 1/28) 
Word Processing: Academic 

~. theses. booka. letters. 
applications. reeumes. N:wtateIF..tJ 
ConfIdentIal 181'Vice. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1013-12/1) 

The UCSD Guardian 

help Inf8rtiIe prot.aIonaI couple to 
have a baby. Calcaalan. northern 
European. 8lue{grwn eyee. 18-30yra 
old. Generouacompeneallonprovlded. 
Contact San Diego fertility center. 
(Recipient Code KG) tor egg donor 
package 673-0885. (11/14-11/28) 
Mildly depreued men needed for free 
r.eean:htnlalmentexplorlng exercise 
u an alternative to therapy. $50 
payment. Call 558-8769. (11/14-11/ 
17) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER 81 HIIIcreIt 
needs healthy volunteers. ages 18 to 
50. far a 2 hour "Eyebllnk Study". $10 
plus parklngwlll be proYided. Cal Paille 
81543-2314. (11/14·12/1) 
ASTHMA STUDY: SubjecIa with mUd 
to moderale asthma (who use bolt! 
Inhaled corticoateroid and inhaled 
bror,JchodiIatodaily) will be reimbursed 

$1SO.00 far particIpaIIon In reuarch 
atudy 81 UCSO. ConIact 543-6911. 
(11/1()'11/17) 
BabYlitter Wanted: Looking for 
creaIIve, energetic person to care for 
2 active pnl8Chooiers. 1-2 afternoona. 
plus some evenings. Cal 759-2238. 
(10131-11/28) 
TWlNSI If you aN an identical or 
fraternal twin, pIeaae parUcIpaIe In 
• UCSD Paychology experlment. 
Partlclpantl will be monetlrlly 
compenaatH. Call J. LMaan at 534-
8283. (10/17-12/1) 
Subjects wanted for a ltedy on 
alcohol's effect. . If you are a 
\lapane .. , Chin ... , or Kor .. n, 
ArnerIcan-bom male. call ScrIpps 
Research for more Informalion. 554-
7240. Subjects reimbursed. (10/1 (). 
12/1) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

I.O-i 'l \ \ J) I 01 \ It 
LOST: WHEELCHAIR ON 10131 from 
party In Solana Beach. Desperately 
needs to be r.II.med. No queatlona 
asked. Call Dan 81481-8037. (11/17-
11/28) 

PEH~O\ \L~ 
Baierbeel B"zunz ... "Bunny. bunny" 
.'Z' (11/17) 
Hi Snl Oh. where did you go? Where 
are you going to B? . 'Z' (11/17) 
I Need Love. Hug A Friend. Non paid .. 
advertisement. (11/7-11/21) 
Classifieds are an effective and easy 
way to advertisel Do it today! (11/17) 

PRINTER CARTRIDGESI HP 
COLOR INKJETI High capacity, three 

ooIorcartrldge(~/cyan) 
torHewletl Packard Deekj8t31QJ5aX;1 

~andDeakwrllarSOOCl 
55QC,9OC prinlera (and many more). 
Inorlginll packaging. NEW. $2Oeachl. 
Call822·1882. (1 Ot'24-12/1 ) 

WORD PROCESSING SERVICES 
Any aIze job, any type of job. Cal 
Carol 481 -6364. (9120-12/1) 

... u Family Planning AssocIates Medical Group 

RESUIIE/TYPING SERVICES. Fast. 
accurale. profeeaionaI quality. 10'l(, 
dIscounI to UCSD students. CynthIa 
ReynoIdI ...... 7813. (11114·11/21) 
TV. VCR. Microwave. and Stereo 

WRmNG PROBLEM? Profesaional 
writer with 350 pubIIcaIIon aedits offers 
ethical uaIatance with any writing 
project. AItoword-proceaing. editing. 
tutoring, critiquing. etc. Over 25 years 
academic experience. 811 Delaney 
966-1641 . (9/20-119) 

\\ \'''ITI) 
Repair. 2629EI~Blvd. 293-n07. MOTHER'SHELPERfor2and4year 
(11/1 ()"11 /28) old In Solana Beach. 12 to 20 In/wk. 
Need HELP on PAPERS? I will 
TUTOR. PROOFREAD &lor TYPE. 
StIIrvIngsludent raIeI. Sameday~I 
Call .lenni 530-2155. (11/1 ()"11/17) 
Mac Expert. Group: Macintosh 

Repair/lnalal~·15 
MINUTES FREE • FREE 250 MB 
Gamel· Half PrIce of Bookstore. 888-
6553 (11/1()'12/1) 

Refs req'd. $7/hr. Please no caIs 
after 5 p.m. 755-4699 (11/14-11/25) 
COMPUTER ARTIST needed for 
graphics In computer game. 
Experience with Deluxe Pain on Pes 
neceaaary. ContacI Dan for Info 55(). 
8166. (11/14-11/17) 
HEALTHY FEMALE EGG DONOR 
NEEDED immedlatelytoanonyrnoualy 

During this holiday season. Domino's is ready to deliver 
Pizzas. Buffalo Wings, or even a turkey sandwich. 

CAli Usl 
452-UCSD 

MInutes from campus.llil HOUDAY COURT 
II am-11m Sun.-Thurs., II _2 am fri.' SIc. 

0fI£N fOIt LUNCH' 

't\"'lIfh\I·]*'·:II1.·'.C1:lItft"*,.]I~ 
1 ..... 1-T .... 1 10 BuFFALO 12 MEDIUM 1 1 PIzZA, 'him 1 WINGS 1 1· TOPPING 1 
: "IU,OI;; : "::':'if- l Sl~" : 10nir ...... 1 '1 PM.. 1 ~ PM .. 1 
: CALL USI cr." : CAll USI cr." : CAll USI cr." : !~~ .!~~~ .-!~¥.::~ .! 
.. -----_ .. _----_ .. _----_ ... .. _..-...-... .....,._-,_11_ 
..... 0.. .... _ ... _ ... •• g 

;'ABormON TO 24 WEEKS 
'(General or Local Anesthesia, 

, , F,.. Pregnancy Testing 
Earty Preg .. ncy Test 

. (Irnrnedlate Teat R .. u"" 
Birth Control , " 

, :;·dut.,dent Female S,,'lZation 
LA MESA 

8881 FIek:hIr Pkwy. 
(.18)'8..,1 

MISSION VIEJO 
284OOLa~ 

(714)348-2440 

. NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 BIn:h St. 

(714) 8$1-1201 

-m.ur.nce 
- I-tNIItt Plana 
.~ • MedI-CaI 

• VIla 
.MMIIrC.-d 

-DIICOVW 
Se HabIII e..,a 

..... &&&Jioo a Credit Card is as Easy 
as Opening a Savings Account. 

No tests. No hassles. Opm a savingl accOW\t 
widt USE Credit Union. and you can qualify 
immtdiately. Your line-from $iOO to $50,000-
is secured by the funds in your saving account. 

&Joy. Low 13.9% APR- Fixed Rate 00 
Boch Pvchua aM c..h Advsaces. 

. If you've done your homeworIr., you know that 
the rate 00 USE'. Savinp Secured Visa iJ 5 to 
7 percent Iowa than other fixed rate cards. 

And ft'll even waive our low $10 annual fee 
for ~t limits fi $2,000 or more. 

Call today for all die dctaib or stop by our 00-
campus location. Be IIIIt to ask about our other 
~t credit card UNIVfRSITI & 
programs. At USE, STAn: EMPLOYEES 
establilhing eMit CREDIT UNION 
couldn't be easier. lISE 

TeleServices 535·1676 -3100 Gilman Drive 



12 SPORTS The UCSD Cuardiau Thunday, November 17,1994 

DUEHTIME 
GREGG WRENN P RT 

George vs. the 
Olsen Twins Tritons, Bears BaHle For Title Shot 

All right, I admit it. George 
Foreman is cool. Yes, you can 

\. count me among the millions 
who wondered just why the 45-
year-old ex-star of one of the 
worst sitcoms ever to make it 
to a television screen was 
stepping back into the rin g. 

I mean, "George" was 
really, really bad . Worse than 
"The Mommies," not quite as 
bad as "The Torkelsons" and 
only slightly better than "Full 
House," and only then because 
you know that Foreman could 
wipe the floor with those Olsen 
twins anytime he wanted. 

But as far as boxing was 
concerned, I was more than a 
little skeptical. I mean, this guy 
is almost old enough to be a 
member of the Rolling Stones, 
and while he may weigh two 
tons, his jello-mold of a body 
would only be threatening to 51 
baker 's dozen of gltzed old-
fashioneds. 

Of course, that was before 
we saw Michael Moorer step 
into the ring sporting a belly 
that, while nowhere near the 
sheer ginh of Foreman 's, had 
enough jiggle in it to give Jolly 
Old Santa Claus a run for his 
money. I, like everybody else, 
apparently missed the small 
"Michael Moorer 's Chin 
Sponsored By Anderson 
Windows" sign on the champ's 
robe. 

RIVALRY: Number-one Washington 
(MO) invades number-three UCSD 
for playoff showdown on Saturday 

Den Kraft 
Co-Sports Editor 

If you happen to be in the La Jolla area this Satur-
day night and begin to wonder what those booming 
sounds in the distance are, don't worry. It's only the 

TNT-laden spikes being 
fired back and forth in 
the Triton Gym by the 
two most dominant 
women's volleyball 
teams in NCAA Divi-
sion III history. 

The top-ranked Bears 
of Washington (MO) and 
the third-ranked Tritons 
of UCSD will be duking 

it out in a battle royale with a trip to the Final Four on 
the line. 

The matchup was made possible by the NCAAs 
decision to pair quarterfinalists geographically rather 
than by rankings. As a result, these two Division III 
powers, which, between them, have won the last eight 
titles, will be meeting in the final volleyball contest to 
ever be played in the Triton Gym. And what could be 
more appropriate? 

This rivalry has a history unparalleled in the an-
nals of Division III women's volleyball. Of the 13 titles 
handed out since the NCAA began sponsoring 
women's athletics in 1981, 10 have been won either 
by UCSD or Washington University. 

While Moorer was indeed 
the champ, nobody was exactly 
sure how he got there. Whom 
did he beat? Lennox Lewis 
(who shares his first name with 
a brand of china, another filling 
chin sponsor)? Randall "Tex" 
Cobb? Larry "Bud" Melman? 

Helcll MUZlllk~'" 
Krlstl Askeland (left) and Jennifer Schofield hope to team up a,.lnst top-ranked 
Washington University (MO) In this weekend'. NCAA quarterfinals at UCSD. 

In the early 80's, the Tritons dominated the NCAA 
tournament, taking five of the first eight titles, until 
the Bears burst onto the same in 1989 and won their 
first title. In 1990, UCSD conquered Washington in 
the finals, but the Bears got revenge the very next year 
and have continued to dominate, winning titles in '92 
and '93. 

Latt year, the squads engaged in a classic battle at 
See CLASH, Page 9 

Moorer was on his way to a 
,.,. one-sided victory when, in one 

of those brilliant flashes of 
intellect that boxers are so 
famous for, he decided "Hey, 
I'm convincingly up on every 
scorecard on my way to an 
easy victory, and there 's onl y 
two rounds left in the fight. 
Now's the perfect time to stand 
toe-to-toe with a man who has 

UCSD Ousted from NCAAs on Penalty Kicks 

.'. \. 

. ~ 

HEARTBREAKER: Triton men's soccer team ties Bethany 2-2 in regulation, loses in shootout, 5-4 

a reputation as one of the 
hardest punchers in history I" 

And the rest is history. 
Moorer had his treasured 
membership to Phi Beta Kappa 
revoked and Foreman, an 
extremely entertaining man 
who deserves all of his success, 
is heavyweight champion. 

If he ends up on another 
sitcom, though, he beller kick 
Erkel 's ass in the first episode. 

Brian K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

Any NCAA national champion 
will attest that it taltes a lillie luck to 
make it through the men's soccer fi -
nal field. The Tritons' '93 title came 
to fruition only after a rival defender 
scored on his own goalie in the na-
tional semifinals. 

But Bethany College of West Vir-
ginia (16-5-1) may have cornered the 
luck market in this year 's soccer ver-
sion of the Big Dance. Host Bethany 
has. advanced to the Final Four 

• against Wisconsin-Oshkosh by 
knoCking off Greensboro via penalty 
kicks, difeating Virginia Wesleyan 
after being outshot by a nearly in-

THE WEEK AHEAD 

Crou Country: 
Sat., Nov. 19, at NCAA National Chaelpionships at 

Bethlehem (PA), 11 a.m. 

Wei. Polo: 
Fri.-Sun., Nov. 18-20, at WWPA Championships 

sane 31-3, and, last Sunday, down-
ing the defending champion Tritons 
(13-7-1) again via penalty kicks. 

"That team has a tremendous 
amount of luck," senior Todd 
Curran said. "On a neutral sight and 
a neutral field it may have been a 
different story, but Bethany cer-
tainly got all the bounces." 

Maybe more to the point, 
Bethany 's goalkeeper Mallek Sallad 
got all the bounces. Sallad recordetl 
11 saves, including the game-
clinching toe stop of Triton Jay 
Newcomer 's bullet penalty kick. 

"He could leap out of any-
where," Curran recalled. "Nate 
[Hetherington], [K. Christopher] 

Fujii and Jose [Ocampo] had some 
great shots right at the comers and 
somehow [Sallad] poked them out 
of the way. He definitely is what is 
keeping this team going." 

The always key home field ad-
vantage also couldn't be overem-
phasized. The "slippery, sticky mud 
bath" of a field baffled the Tritons 
on both sides of the ball. Crucial 
passes were bogged down in slime, 
and Bethany's second goal came at 
82: 16, when an offsides non-call al-
lowed Bethany's Snivey Saoyang a 
clear path to the goal. UCSD's Mike 
Yen tried in vain to catch Saoyang, 
but was upended by the hostile field. 

Fortunately, Triton goals by 

..... 1#3uCSD vs. 
Washington University (MO) 

When: Sat., Nov, 19, 7:30 plD 
Where: TritoD GYIDDaslum 

ncketa: Adults - 54 Student wltb 10 - $3 
ChIldren under 12 - $2 

COLOR USED 

Chris Fong at 60:38 and Curran at 
89:06 kept UCSD's hopes brim-
ming as the game headed to OT. 

"It was a war. That was the hard-
est fought game I have ever experi-
enced," Curran said. "Both defenses 
played really well and [Sallad] 
didn't miss a beat. Fujii had a rocket 
shot that I thought was going to put 
the game away, but [Sallad] jumped 
from out of nowhere to poke it out." 

Finally after four overtime peri-
ods and 150 grueling minutes of 
soccer, the match ended in a 2-2 tie, 
forcing a penalty kick showdown. 

Matt Chilton, Curran, Ken Bums 
and Nick Terlecky each beat Sallae! 

See M. SOCCER, Page 9 

I 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART. II EN T E R T A IN MEN T NOV E M B E R 17, 1994 

INTHE 

nEUJS 
F I L M 

TIIi ••• fll •• will b. In 
tll ••• r. to.orro. 

• Generatiotls, the latest of the 
Star Trek films, combines the 
crews of the old and new televi-
sion shows. 

• Director Luc Besson, who won 
critical acclaim for his movie Ul 
Fenurt4 NiIciIa, returns with The 
Pro/essioMI, another film about . 
an assassin. 

• Richard Attenborough, Eliza-
beth Perkins and Dylan ' 
McDermott star in a remake of the 
1947 film MiI'tlcIe 0II34t1t Strut. 
John Hughes produced the movie. 

• The Swan Princess, an ani .. 
maied story, features the voices of 
John CIeese, Sandy Duncan, Jack 
Palance and comedian Steven 
Wright. 

• The Last Seduction will open at 
the Hillaest Cinemas. Info: 299-
2100. 

ALBUMS 

I'IIno ...... w. be I. 
• Rapper Ice Cube will release a 
collection . 

• Singer/ songwriter John Hiatt 
will releuc HiaIJ Comes AliW! at 
BudoIauI? 

• The Dead Milkmen wiU release 
CIuws Rilla. 

T1(KET~ 
• rICkets go on IaIe Saturday at 
10 a.m. for country artists Tracy 
Lawrence and Aaron Tippin, who 
willperfonnat7p.m.onJan.19at 
the SpoI15 Alena. Advance tickets 
are 5 IS. Info: 22(). nxs. 

• rackets are on sale now for 
Bury Manilow, whowiU pedbnn. 
at 8 p.m. on Dec. 1:1 at Copley 
Symphony Hall. TICkeII rup 
from 532.50-$44.50. Info: 220-
nxs. 

• Taets go on sale Friday at 10 
a.m. forcomeclian BiUyConnolly, 
who will perfbrmal8 p.IILOII Dec. 
10 ..... 0ld0l0be 'I1IIIbe. Td-
... are S22.5O. Il1o: 22.0-roes. , 

• , 

• 

INTERVIEW wrfh the 

YJ'b baiedon 71nne.%ce~ 
novel ~voicls lahoos 

A nne Rice's Vampire Chronicles has been a cult classic of horror connoisseurs for years. Perhaps what really makes her books different from other authors of the horror 
genre is her unique interpretation of good and evil. Rice's books 
often take a cynical tone, but still scare and dazzle readers. 

Inlerview With the Vampire does very little to convey the 
senseoffear,passion and exploration of Rice's novels. From 
the soundtrack to the casting, IlIlerview is a movie made 
to generate cash -lots of it. 

The film fails to examinethedeeper issuesofRice's 
work. The sexual tension between Louis (Brad Pitt) 
and the other characters is smothered. Forexample, 
the relationship between Louis and his six-year-
old daughter Oaudia (Kirsten Dunst) is never 
fully developed. 

Louis' passion for L.estat (Tom Cruise) 
and Armand (Antonio Banderas) is also ig-
nored. This is particularly disappointing 
since director Neil Jordan has a reputation 
for doing the unexpected in past movies 
such as the Crying Game and The Com-
ptIIIy of Wolves. 

Despite its overt, 
money-minded cast-
ing and commercial 
nature, Interview 
does have its high-
lights. Perhaps most 
surprising of all is 
Cruise's perfonnance. 
Although hia casting 
caused a controversy in the 
film '5 initial stages, Cruise 
playsLestat perfectly. He's 
sexy, fuMY and lovable, 
and his well-known grin, 
now enhanced with fangs, 
is chilling. 

Pitt isvulnerableIJIdcom-
passionate as Louis, the nam-
tor and star of IfIImIiew. Pitt's 
portrayal ofthecompuaionate vam-
pire is reminiscenl orhil role inA Riller 
RUM 'I'IIrou&It It, because he plays a wild, 
miluncla-.od c:Iwacter who IrioI but cannot control 
himself. 

One of the most sIartling perfonnancca ClOII'ICIS 
from Dulllt, who plays Claudia, thevampire-daugh-
ter" of Lestat and Louis. It is aD especially difflCUh 
role to play because the IClrc:ss must have the mental 
capacity of an 80-year-old vampiras. What the audi-
ence sees is the calculation of an adult in the voice and 
body of a six-year-okl girl. 

1t*rView is a good movie. lis star-studded cut, lush 
dinp and cinematograpby are visually appealing. Rice 
fans might fine( the movie disappointing because of plot 
c:hanpI and unexploled iIIueL 

2Jy C HAI-LI N 
SIMMONS, 
olo/17Vriler 



-- HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian " 

FILM REVIEW 

Clerks 
Convenience-store hUTnor offends 

By C .. Zimmenn8n 
Guardian Reporter 

In Clerics, Kevin Smith's docu-
-·mentary-style debut, the 23-year-<>ld 
writer/ director laments the stupefy-
ing monotony and inevitable waste 
which stems from the national obses-
sion with comfort and ease. 

futility of their jobs in two distinct 
ways: Danteconstantlyco.mplainsand 
self-destructs in personal relatioD-
ships, while Randal takes a more di-
rect approach. In one scene, he spits 
his drink in the face of an older man, 
and, in another, he seUs a pack of 
cigarettes to a four-year-old girl. 

Clerks was filmed on a budget of 
$27,57.5 at the Quick Stop Groceries 
where Smith has worked on and off 
since he was 19. The film follows a 
single day in the life of 22-year-<>ld 
Dante Hicks (Brian O'Halloran), who 
has been called in to work on his day 
off. 

Randal derides Dante's attempt to 
maintain a work ethic in an environ-
ment in which he must work long 
hours and endure humiliating situa-
tions, such as being attacked by a 
ranting mob of customers led by a 
gum salesman. 

RIIMI.I (Jeft Andenon) and D..te (8 ..... O'H8IIorM) .... a 
Iovel ..... relationship In Kevin Smith'. CIerit .. 

Aside from the constant flow of 
freakish customers, his obnoxious 
friend Randal (Jeff Anderson), who 

- works at the video store next door, is 
the only company Dante has through-
outtheday. 

Dante and Randal deal with the 

Smith's exploration of male sexu-
ality is often offensive. Dante and 
Randal talk about sex as a purely 
functional activity devoid of emotion. 

In the eyes of the male characters, 
the female characters lose any dignity 
they may have once had. Dante's girl-
friend Veronica (Marilyn Ghigliot) 

reveals that she has had oral sex with 
36 other men and Dante's ex-girl-
friend Catlain (Lisa Spoonauer) has 
sex with a corpse in the bathroom. 

By using black and white film, 
Smith adds to the bleakness of the 
film's subject matter. The fact that 

~t of the cast has little or no acting 
experience is obvious from the very 
beginning of the film. 

Characters recite their lines with 
little expression, and the best perfor-

o 

-------------------------- -

---------- -----

manceinthefilrnactuallycomesfrom 
the black cat who lives at the store. 

Although young, independent 
filmmakers deserve support, Clerks is 
not a compelling film. It says some-
thing we already know: menial jobs 
are no fun. Smith tries too hard to be 
clever, but his humor is basically im-
mature and one-dimensional. 

Clerks is playing at the Guild The-
atre in Hillcrest. For more informa-
tion, call 29.5-2000. 

Tbunday. No .. __ 17. 19M 

ALBUM 
REVIEW 

They Might 
Be Giants 
lohnHenry 

There was time when They 
t.1ight Be Giants' quirky synthe-
sizerrift'sand sman-us lyrics were 
inventive and unique. That is no 
longer the case. As the band 's new 
a1bum,JohnHenry, demonstrates, 
the band is well pest its prime. 

"SnailsheU," the album's first 
single, sounds lib "BUdhouse, " 
theGiants'1990bilAithoughthe 
group (which consists of voca1istl 
guitarist John Flansburgh and 
keyboardist/vocaIistJolm Linnell) 
has the backing of an extensive 
band on John Henry, it doesn't 
make the arrangemenlol any more 
palatable. 

They Might BeGiants will play 
with Frank Black at 8 p.m., Friday 
at the Price Center BalImom. 

--Jeff NIeIeI 

Guardian ads 
get RESULTS 

5343418 

Thunday. N~ 17. 19M 

1111\ \\UK 
to d ay 

Arnold Scbwarzeneger ltan in 
Jamea Cameron'l True LIe., 
which lhowl at 6:30, 9 and 11 p.m. 
at the Price Center Theatre. Tickets 
are $2. Info: 534-4399. 

GIrts Aplnst Bop will play 
witb ....... LonIneancll00 
Watt ... at 9 p.m. at the Casbah. 
Tickets are $7. Info: 232-43.55. 

The British industrial band, ~ 
Joke, will play with StaIIbIIw 
Westw..cr and the Overtords at 
8 p.m. attbeWoridbeat Center. IICk-
ets are $13 . .50. Info: 296-9334. 

Works by visiting Slovakian com-
poser ... SzePJ will be per-
formed at 7:30 p.m. at the Univer-
lity Center, Building 408. Info: .534-
4383. 

Stand-up comedian c.rot Top, 
known for his creative use of stage 
props, will-perform at8 p.m. at the 
Price Center Ballroom. Tickets are 
$9 for students. Info: .534-4090. 

friday 
The Committee for World Democ-
racy will present CulM In FIm at 
7 p.m. at SoUs Hall 107. Admission 
is free. 

They Mtatrt Be 0 ..... will 
perform with former Pixie Frank 
Black at 8 p.m. at the Price Center 
Ballroom. Tickets are $14 for stu-
dents. Info: 534-.5259. 

ENCINITAS 
LA PALOMA 
THEA1RE* 
Nov. 30 
8:00 PM 

SDSU 
MONTEZUMA 
H.-4LL 
Dec. 1 
6:00 & 9:00 PM 

SAN DIEGO 
SPRECKLES 
THEATER* 
Dec. 2 
6:30 & 9:30 PM 
Dec. 3 
6:00 & 9:00 PM 
LA JOLLA 
(CANCELED ruE TO REMODELING) 

Tickets evoiloble ot Ticketmoster. 
selected SPORT CHAlET stores end 

the thater bole offices" (·Tlckets on sale • bole office on 
night of show only). 

,....., .... will play an a11-ages 
allow with ...... ......, and 
Unwritten uw at 8 p.m. at 
SOMA. Tickets are $10 in advanc:e. 
Info: 239-SOMA. 

The QrerbodJ _Stan will 
play acid jazz at 9 p.m. at the Casbah. 
Tickets are $6. Info: 232-4355. 

Cellist F ..... Cox wiD perform 
seven recent cello compositions at 8 
p.m. at Erickson Hall. Admission is 
free. 

saturday 
Qeorp lewis' Music 131 
Students will perform at 8 p.m. at 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. Ad-
mission is free. Info: .534-4830. 

DInosaur, Jr. will play an all-
ages show with Come, FIuf, and 
Juned at 8 p.m. at SOMA Tickets 
are $10 in advance. Info: 239-
SOMA 

TIae UCSD Cuardiaa 

Hbout 
Tickets are $3. Info: 232-43.5.5. 

sunday 
Th.w ..... PI'I •• ntwill play 
with Spell and WhIrl at 8:30 p.m. 
at tbe Casbah. Tickets are $6. Info: 
232-4355. 

Tool will play with Sau .... 
(which includes Primus' Les 
Claypool) at ~exitlan in Tijuana. 
Tickets are $1.5. Info: 220-TIXS. 

VIoIn and VIola students of 
The u JoIIII SymPhonY will J ... N..,.., will perform at 8 
play selections from Copland, Cage p.m. at room B210 in Erickson Hall. 
and Haydn at 8 p.m. at the • Admission is free. Info: .534-4637. 
Mandeville Auditorium. The pro-
gram will be repeated at 3 p.m. on 
Sunday. Tickets for students" are $6. 
Info: .534-4697. 

The riot gml group BIkini KDI will 
play with CIiIdtat lkatowl and 
the V-Clnks at 8 p.m. at Soul 
Kitchen in EI Cajon. Tickets are $.5. 
Info: 579-3627. 

Brael, a band from Northern 

monday 
Graduate music students will con-
tribute to a "Performen' Fo-
rum," which will be held at 8 p.m. 
at the Mandeville Recital Hall. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-4830. 

Shudder to Think will play at 
the Casbah at9 p.m. Info: 232-4355. 

California on i~ first tour, will play t U e s day 
with Luper, Red Dye .5 and 
Snark at 8:30 p.m. at the Casbah. The Blue. BI'O"'" will show 

'I" L.n IICUTI 

at 8 and 10:30 p.m. at the Price 
Center Theatre. Ticketa are $1 in 
advanc:e, $2 at the door. Info: 534-
4399. 

KcnADcleraon will direct the UCSD 
Gospel Choir at 8 p.m. at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets for 
students are $3. Info: 534-4830. 

wednesday 
AmerIcan Music Club will per-
form with BlacksmIth Union at 
8:30 p.m. at the Casbah. Tickets are 
$7. Info: 232-43.55. 

THEATRE 
Garden~: The San Diego 
Actors Tbeatre presents the San Di-
ego premiere of Arthur Miller's "The 
Last Yankee," which will run 
through Nov. 27. Performances are 
at 8 p.m., Thursday through Sun-
day. Tickets are $15 and $17. Info: 
268-4494. 

Mandell w •• Theatre: The 
La Jolla Playhouse production of 
"How to Succeed in Business With-
out ReaUyTrying" runs through Dec. 
5. Performances are at 8 p.m., Tues-
day through Friday; 2 and 8 p.m., 
Saturday; and 2and 7 p.m., Sunday. 
Tickets range from $25-47.50. Info: 
.550-1010. 

St. Cecelia'. Pla,hou.e: 
Sledgehammer Theatre's "The Pea-
cock Screams When the Lights Go 
Out" runs through Nov. 20. Perfor-
mances are at 8 p.m., Thursday 
through Sunday. Tickets are $.5 for 
students. Info: .544-1484. 

~ ..... IIInI-.wtkilllIIIIIV ..... 
• .............. ...,_Ifttlclllt 

to ........... Fe I Ud. WIIid 11/JO.11f1.1!1113& 19/14, 1994. 

.IS 0" 'I.Clasl. 
~""IIInI""'~."'" _ .. ,. , ...... ow.., ....... GIANTS 

... $100 .. 1port 0IIIItI 

HIATUS J 

........., ....,. •• Di-
versionary Theatre will present 
"Bonnie Earl Tapestry," a play about 
a woman injured in an auto accidaJt. 
Performances are at 8 p.m., Thursday 
through Saturday, and at 7 p.rn. on 
Sunday. Tickdsrangefrom SI0-$12. 
Info: 574-1060. 

GALLERIES 
...... oI,..... ... ArIs: 
An exhibition surveying the camc:r of 
Harry Callahan will be on display 
through Jan. 8. The exhibit includes 
100 photographs taken from a period 
of 40 years. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sunday. 
Admission is $3. Info: 238-75.59. 

RIta Dean °sllry: "Born to Kill," 
an art show featuring the works of 
serial kiUerssuch as John WayneGacy 
and Charles Manson, is on display 
through Nov. 27. Gallery hours are 
noon to 11 p.m., Tuesday through 
Saturday, and noon to.5 p.m. on Sun-
day. Admissi?n is $2. Info: 338-81.53. 

UnIvenitJ Art G 'Iry. "Real 
Hieroglyphics: Photography and 
Egypt 1850-1900," an exhibitofl9th-
century photographers, will be on dis-
play through Dec. 15. Gallery hours 
are lOa.m. to 5 p.m., Tuesday through 
Friday, and 10 a.m. to 2 p.rn. on 
Saturday. Admission is frce.lnfo: 534-
2021. 

Porter Randall GIIery: "The 
Poetry Series," an exhibit of drawings 
by Jose Dedia, runs through Nov. 12. 
Gallery hoursarefromnoonto.5 p.m., 
Tuesday through Saturday. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 551-8884. 

11X 
presents 

with 
special 

guest 

FRIDAY 
OVEMBER 18 

8:00 PM 
UCSD 

PR ICE CENTER 
BALLROOM 

_ ~ ... :ea ••• 514 UCSD STUDENTS 
.11~ SHI)",~ 1M 1\ 1If' W PROI'IR 10 TU:'k~/:':""'T"'~ 
Oq ~TII.lr~TS v.. Vldln ur.so 10 ..... . 

NO F)(CEPTIONS' "'" 1 " ,,". $16 GENERAL PUBLIC P~A.INGPIRMITR(QUIH£O "';S~1lDST\lIJltNli!l 'UH MOHI ''''fnHMI\'IO~ ,.;. Ll\ll f..,,3J'1 "t,;.L "'il)(.f.(A1v"MING. 

.... 

'- . 



I __ 

HIATUS " n.UCSDC_. 

November 17 • Thursday • 8pm 
UCSD Price Center Ballroom 

G.A. $13 • Students $9 
~ , .. !~~,BOX lJ!fice • 534-6"!!....~--. 

~ UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE ~~*~-;"":" 

ueSD Nilht on Tuesclays . 
SIlO 140L .... r with ltudent I.D. 
• American Bistro Cuisine 

All menu items under S10.00 

• Fresh beer brewed on site 
• Special Drink Prices 

4 'til 6 & 10 'til Close Daily 

Vnivnsilf ToWlW Cadre 
4151 La Jolla Villase Drive • San Dqo, California 

(619) ;87-6677 

~NEW PATIENT SPECIALI'~ 
Costa o/ertfe fJJentistrg 

CAU-'OIIo'. 

1 Pair 
COLORED Contacts 

W J. FlEsH LooIs 
pto 10 ·6.00 

... t:,."~ ..... 
OWIdlIllt pIII'dIIt II.., c.Dd_ ....... 

DISPOSABLES 

=~$129 
EXTENDED 
:n $139 

~ " :$45Qg ~ EXAM, 
" CLEANING & / . , X-RAYS (biIN;ngI 

• COSMETIC" FAMILY DE~mY " ORAL SURGERY 
• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable~ 
• Prompt and g .. nde care in a beautiful private office! 
• Straighten teeth without braces 
• Special introductory offer-S150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CAll US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
........ 

8650 Genl •• Ave., .. 312 
w. accept IIIOIf ~ plans and IIIOIf IIICIjor credit cant. 

Tka_" Net • J •• 11, 19M 
CONCERT 
REVIEW 

GWAR 
Shock rock 

When GWAR came on stage dis-
guised as alien slave-drivers on Satur-
day night at the World Beat Center, it 
was greeted with roars of admiration. 
The band-made costumes looked like 
somethingfrom a science fICtion comic 
book, and band members resembled 
mutant gladiators practicingsado-mas-
ochism. 

GWAR 's speed metal was the per-
fect compliment to the scenes of rape, 
flagellation and general carnage it 
acted out on the stage. When a breast, 
arm or head was chopped off, streams 
of simulated bodily fluids shot aU over 
the audience. 

The dramatizations were a cross 
between American Gladiator wres-
tling and hard-core pornography. The 
performance was entertaining, and I 
left the concert with red, green, yellow 
and blue liquids sp1attered on my white 
T-shirt, which looks a like a tie-dye 
now. 

Hawaiian 
Guitarists 
Slack-key style 

Hawaiian guitarists Keola Beamer 
and Ray Kane brought a beautiful 
blend of traditional and contemporary 
slack-key styles to Mandeville Audi-
torium on Friday night. ThesJack-key 
style, or ki Ito' aU., stems from the 
Hawaiian tradition of Joosening the 
guitar strings to much the vocal range 
of hula singers, but the unhurried ca-
dences played by Beamer aad Kane 
showed that Iri ho' • is more tbIa 
jail. diffeNIII way oflllDina. pilar. 

Beamer WII • IIbnI pedbnaer, 
-nilllaadllllkina ... audieace ..... 
willa every _ be played. HiII..,-
loft ...... from. baunIiaa IDIIody 
about Ilia le.rcWy HaWIiiaa ___ 
.... 1o._abouI.dn'ldbood hone. 
Kane, an olcHdtoollllUlic:ian, com-
1II&IIded.IllpldfUlIiIeace.belook 
die .... 

Priday'sperformlllce WlllIDtonly 
IDUIicaIIy awe-iDIpiriDa but c:uIIur-
ally rich. well, IiDce bodt Kane aad 
Beamer spoke about local CUIIoma 
aad ancient Iepnda duriDa their per-
fonnancea. 

s ... nz ...... 

Creative Worship 
By & For Young Adults 

This is not your 
parent's churchl 

Sat: 6:30-7:30 PM 

Church of the 
Good Samaritan 

4321 Eaatgate Mall 
(2 bI. N of UTC Mall) 

Information n rtdeI CIIII: 
458-1501 


