
ELSEWH.R. 

SDIU May Expel 
AcCu .... Gun .... n 
SAN DIEGO - James 
Michael Kirby, the San Diego 
State University student 
accused in the Horton Plaza 
movie-theater shooting may 
be expelled from the univer-
sity for allegedly threatening a 
professor, his lawyer said 
earlier this month. Kirby 's 
parents received a letter from 
the SDSU Judicial Procedures 
Office which said that Kirby 
was in violation of university 
regulations. Kirby allegedly 
made a threatening phone call 
to an SDSU sociology 
professor, violating an SDSU 
conduct code. 

AdaptatIon of RIll .. 
Up to UCSB Students 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
special Winter Quarter election 
will be held later this month to 
decide how UC Santa Barbara 
will comply with the State 
Supreme Court's Smith v. 
Regents decision, which 
prohibits the UC from using 
mandatory fees to fund groups 
whose activities are ideologi-
cal, political or religious. The 
election will give students the 
chance to vote on a proposed 
voluntary fee for funding the 
UC Lobby Corps, which will 
take over the lobbying 
activities of the UC Student 
Association. 

Senate to'Revlew 
GE Requirements 
DAVIS - The UC Davis 
general education require-
ments, which include a new 
diversity requisite, are 
scheduled for review by the 
Academic Senate at UCD 
during its final meeting of the 
academic year in the spring. 
If the diversity requirement is 
approved, students will need 
to complete two courses in 
diversity, broken down into 
four categories: ethnicity, 
gender and sexuality, social 
class and non-Western 
societies. 

INSIDE 

DEATH 
HIATUS: Graduate 
student Debbie Falb 
directs play H1 

SPOIITS: Baseball 
beat Whittier lS-S 
yesterday II 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ....•..............• .. ...... 2 
CALVIN 4 HOBBES ...... .............. 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS ......... ....... ............. .. ... HI 
CLASSIFIE~ ...•••................•.... 12 
SPORTS .... ...... .. ....... ......... ....... 16 

, H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1994 

c s D 

VOLUME 81, ISSUE 14 

Students Line 
Up Following 
T-Reg Crash 
By ErIk Johnson 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Telephone Student Services 
(TESS) system went out of service Friday 
afternoon, leaving students unable to use the 
system to register for Spring Quarter classes 
until the system was repaired on Monday. 

However, as late as Wednesday, some of 
the system's phone lines were still not operat-
ing, and students continued to encounter prob-
lems registering. These glitches have forced 
students to register for classes in person at the 
Registrar 's Office, creating an extra burden 
for both students and the Registrar 's staff. 

Warren College senior Blaine Maguire 
tried to register for classes on Tuesday during 
his designated T-reg time. After discovering 
that the system was inoperable, Maguire, who 
was calling from out of town, was told by the 
Registrar's Office to enroll in person. In order 
to do so, Maguire had to deal with the addi-
tional inconvenience of sending a roommate 
to register for him. 

M ... Junior Col .... student Jeff BerlIn beN • drum lit T ..... y·. Felly In front of the 
"Considering that the system also mal-

functioned last quarter, I was very upset," 
Maguire said. "You would think that T-reg 
would be working during the busiest time of 
the quarter." Feder .. Bulldl .... The protnt drew 50 students from San DleCo .re. colle •••• The problems emerged after what is known 
as "corrupted sectors" developed in the TESS 
system's mainframe, causing significant ar-
eas of the main system's memory to become 
unusable. The Registrar 's staff reformatted 
the disk so that the unusable sectors could be 
identified, according to Assistant Registrar 
Bill Brown. 

Students Rally for 
~deralBudgetlncntase 
PROTEST: Participants call for 
one percent budget hike; event 
organizers pleased with turnout 

percent increase in federal funding for higher 
education. The event was part of a nation-
wide movement coordinated by the United 
States Student Association (USSA), a na-
tional student lobbying organization. 

After the disk was reformatted, the TESS 
system continued to have trouble communi-
cating with the mainframe, and the staff had to 
make software adjustments. 

"We take very seriously our charge to 
provide the best possible level of service to 
students, and it ' s frustrating when we can ' t 
provide that level of service," Brown said. 

By Jonn. Palmer 
Associate News Editor 
.ndlv.n Delventh.1 
Guardian Reporter 

As part of a nationwide effort to increase 
federal funding for education, a group of 
UCSD students participated in a rally in down-
town San Diego on Tuesday that drew a crowd 
of approximately 50 students and onlookers. 

The crowd of protesters chanted, carried 
signs and listened to the drumming of The 
Supersonic Samba School as workers in the 
Federal Building watched from their offices. 
Many students displayed signs bearing mes-
sages such as: "1 % more for education" and 
"Schools not prisons" while others spoke to 
the enthusiastic crowd. 

Associated Students Vice President Exter-
nal Nick Endres explained the rtlasor. behind 
the rally. "We want the leaders of this country 

See RALLY. Page 3 

When the system was down, students 
waited in line for five to 25 minutes to register 
for classes. Marshall College junior Jon 
Mitsunaga said he waited in line for 20 min-
utes to add his classes when the system was 
down. 

MembersofConcemed Students, a newly-
formed group at UCSD, joined students from 
San Diego State University to demand a one 

"It's ironic because this technology is sup-
posed to make things easier, but all it does is 

See T-REG. Page 8 

Coalition, Administrators Agree to Fonn Task Force 
MEmNG: Members 
hope to act on proposal 
before end of the year 
By PhDlp MIc ...... 
News Editor 

Cross-Cultural Center Coali-
tion representatives and UCSD 
administrators met on Monday, 
with both sides agreeing to form a 
task force to review the coalition's 
proposal for a cross-cultural cen-
ter. 

"The task force is authorized to 
examine proposals from the co.li· 

tion and make recommendations 
on how it should be implemented,» 
said Associate Chancellor Tracy 
Strong. 

Strong will meet today with 
UCSD History Professor David 
Guti~rrez, who will chair the cross-
cultural center task force. "From 
my point of view, ( think the 
coalition's proposal needs to be 
evaluated closely and in a timely 
fashion so that action can be taken 
in this academic year," Gutierrez 
said. 

Gutierrez added that he hoped 
the task force would aJso discusa 

issues concerning the recruitment 
and retention of students of color. 

Much of Monday's two-hour 
meeting was spent discussing the 
compositbn of the 14-member 
task force. Under the agreement. 
reached by the coalition and the 
administration, four members will 
be chosen by the coalition, two 
will be chosen by the Associated 
Students and two will be selected 
by the Graduate Student Associa-
tion. Two staff members, two rep-
resentatives from the Academic 
Senate and two members selected 

See MEETING, Paae 3 

.. 



2 NEWS 

Connerly Takes Active 
Role as UC Regent 
PROFILE: Since his 1993 appointment, Connerly 
has earned respect of students, fellow regents 

Guardian Reporter 
For Ward Connerly, the job of 

a University of California regent 
means more than simply nodding 
at proposals the Office of the Presi-
dent puts forward . 

executives last November. "I think 
it's interesting when they say [hos-
pital executives] haven't gotten a 
raise in two years. I have to say 
that, neither have the parents of 
the students you're taking these 
monies from," 

Connerly, one of the newest 
members of the Board of Regents, 

Currently, Connerly is work-

has consistently 
. voted on the side 
of the students 
throughout his ten-
ure on the board. 
Along with Stu-
dent Regent Darby 
Morrisroe, 
Connerly was the 
only regent to vote 
against both the 
$620 undergradu-
ate fee hike for next 
year and the 
university's long-
term fee policy 
proposal. 

Connerly insists 
that raising fees 
will only turn stu-
dents away from 
the UCsystem. "As 
we raise fees, we 
force people out of 
the market," he 
said. 

ing on a plan to obtain jobs for UC 

"'Wehavaan 
obligation to 
Iistan to tba 
people. If we as 
ragants ara 
working In UC 
education, wa 
hava to take 
time to look at 
tb. product 
wa're seiling." 

students. Called 
the Student Em-
ployment Initia-
tive, the plan re-
volves around 
members of the 
Board of Regents 
urging the Califor-
nia business com-
munity to provide 
high-wage jobs 
with flexible hours 
for students. 

"It's an excel-
lent proposal and 
badly needed," 
said fellow Regent 
Roy Brophy. 

"They say we 
have to raise fees 
in order to preserve 
quality and main-
tain excellence. I 

-Ward ConnerIy, 

Connerly will 
meet with 
Morrisroe, busi-
ness leaders and 
members of the 
California Cham-
ber of Commerce 
in Pasadena next 
week to discuss the 
proposal. Ideally, 
employers in-
volved with theini-

always ask them 
what they mean by 'quality and 
excellence. '(fthey mean the qual-
ity of the professors, then I guess 
they have a point in raising fees," 
Connerly said, "but if they mean 
'quality' as the college experience, 
then they would not be preserving 
quality. The students would be 
spending more time at outside jobs 
and less time learning or getting 
involved." 

"[Connerly is] an outstanding 
regent," Morrisroe said. "He has 
served students well without be-
ing perceived solely as a student 
advocate." . 

Connerly believes that the bur-
den of the fee hikes will fall on the 
middle-class students who do not 
qualify for grants or loans. 

"I know what it means to 

UC Regent tiative would pay 
students a salary 

before any work was done and let 
students work the money off dur-
ingholidays,summerbreakordur-
ing the school year, according to 
which option best suits the stu-
dent. 

Morrisroe said that she and 
Connerly are just getting the word 
out about the Siudent Employ-
ment Initiative. "We both wish it 
was going at a more rapid pace, 
but it's going to pick up steam 
afler the meeting with the Cham-
ber of Commerce," Morrisroe 
said. 

The UCSD Guardian Thur~ay.Fe6ruary17.1994 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

' 0 . , . 
,,0/.<4- c. 

o QI) n , ~ __ 

--- '" -. '"--

BRIEFLY ••• 

~Ol#,~~\)O~ ~T 
.... l\lt. H~RD 'NORK 

~o C>~G\\oI"lI'N ~s 
MIJC.\1 "5 ,\4£,/ 
S .. '( ,l\£'i \)C) . 

CM! OOP! ... \)lo\ ... 1\1, ~R') . 1)rn',1\6 
I W..s ~P\"G SUS\£ 'tlO\lLD 
M5't1ER I\-I£ ... UI\... 1 MH.I< , \lM. 
1"11. Slli.\t'\" WJG£ S~\)WBI\US . 
'f.I()J\.\) ~ l\\!.£. i\l e\l'( OO£.> 

l'.,( ' p~\oI ",'s- ~R~ GRU-T, 
B\)1 10'.'( 'I'~I'\ Bi; " l£P.'J£ 

~ lOI TO lit. ~.'.)\R£\) . 

~-----r--~-'.n' i 
~ ~~ 

..... -- -

ltlOlC OUT! 

Magazine Honors UCSD Psychiatrists 
Four UCSO psychiatrists were rated among the top 

In the flatlon In a survey by Good Housekeeping 
magazine. The magazine asked psychiatrists across 
,the country to rate the nation's leading mental health 
specialists. The results were published in the February 
1994 issue. 

The UCSO psychiatrists listed are: Department of 
Psychiatry Chair Lewis Judd, who is also the former 
director of the National Institute for Mental Health 
(NIMH), for his work in depression and anxiety disor· 
ders; Hagop Akiskal, who has served for the past three 
years as senior science advisor on mood disorders for 
NIMH, for depression; Oilip Jeste, who directs the 
largest clinical research effort in the nation on psycho-
sis of the elderly, for geriatric psychiatry; and Marc 
Schuckit, a pioneer in understanding causes and 
effects of alcoholism, for substance abuse. 

Two San Diego area psychiatrists - James L. 
Framo from U.S. International University and John 
Feighner from Psychiatric Centers - were also recog· 
nized in the survey. 

Music Department Art Exhibit In 
Mandeville Closes on Tuesday 

Nobel laureate Roger Guillemin of the Whittier Insti· 
tute. 

Noted Ja ...... Historian to 
Appear as Part of Lectlira Iarles 

Carol Gluck, the George Sansom Professor of 
History at Columbia University's East Asian Institute 
and a prominent authority on Japanese History, will 
present a lecture on Monday, Feb. 28 at 4:30 p.m. In 
the Graduate School of Intemational Relations and 
Pacific Studies (IR/PS) Robinson Auditorium. 

Gluck's lecture, Pattems of Change: "A Grand 
Unified Theory of Japanese History,· is free and open 
to the public. Her field of specialty is the history of 
Japan from the Meji period to the present, with a focus 
on modem intellectual history, American-East Asian 
relations, postwar Japanese history and the history of 
Japan and the West. 

Gluck's major publications include Japan's MocJ.. 
ern Myths: Ideology in the Late Meji Period, and most 
recently, Showa: the Japan of Hirchito. 

Gluck's Feb. 28 lecture is part of the Edwin O. 

- struggle,"addedConnerly,speak-
ing of his modest childhood. He 
became "totally self-supporting" 
at an early age and put himself 
through junior college and Cal 
State Sacremento where he earned 
a degree in political theory. 

Since his appointment to the 
board by Gov. Pete Wilson in 1993, 
Connerly has taken an active role 
in university affairs, sometimes at 
the expense of his fellow regents. 
In a letter to the Board of Regents 
in December, he criticized the re-
gents for tending to readily ap-
prove the proposals of the Office 
ofthe President and suggested that 
the board debate and become more 
active in making policy rather than 
just accepting it. 

An art exhibit In the East Room of the Mandeville 
Auditorium put on by UCSO's Department of Music is 
scheduled to close on Tuesday, Feb. 22. 

The exhibition, titled ·Visual Notes: An Exhibition of 
Two and Three Dimensional Art, • features works by the 
faculty and staff of the Department of Music as well as 
pieces by the department's support group, the UCSD 
Friends of Music. 

The show contains works of sculpture, photogra-
phy, architectural drawings, wood and marble carv· 
ings, paintings and an exotic aquarium complete with 
Siamese fighting fish. 

Reischauer Memorial Lecture Series, now In its third 
year. The series is made possible by an endowment to 
UCSD by Haru Reischauer in honor of her husband, 
who was the American ambassador to Japan from 
1961-66 and one of the founders of the academic 
study of Japan in the United States. 

World Affairs Coundl Hosts Haiti 
Panel Discussion Next Week 

The World Affairs Council of San Diego will hold a 
panel discussion regarding Haiti on Thursday, Feb. 24 at 
6 p.m. in the County Administration bulldl~ downtown. 

• 

Along with the fee hikes , 
Connerly also voied "no" on rais-
ing the salaries of UC hospital 

"[Connerly's letter] definitely 
identified some of the problems 

See CONNERLY, Page 7 
Among the exhibitors are classical scholar and 

UCSD Adjunct Professor Marianne McDonald and 
Panelists for the discussion include Frantz Delva, 

an activist for democracy in Haiti, and Journalist Lowell 
Blankfort. 

n.UCSOGuMlllnilllLCllllhed MDIldIys...,Tluf ....... ICIdImIc,.. "'..., fortltelllldlrU 
dUCSO. ~","""",-In",""n. ""'In_"InPIII."""''''''''''''1s IIIIItI PftIIiIIIIIG. t191M, .... _ . n. ucso QlMllnIs nat 1ftllllllllll1ar .. _ .. 

1IIIOIIdIIcI~"~TIw_",-lnfllll*l""",,-'''_dD 
nat-..., ......... __ .. n.UCSO~ .. ~d~,.1hI 

~ lIIudIIU. n. ucso ~iI fIIodId" "' ........ Icie Is....,....,. 
IIlIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 

JASON RITCHIE, ProductIOn Man.,er 
DOUG ALlXANDIII, OpInion Editor 
IHANNON IUDIOI" CQpy Editor 

RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MtGUEL BUCKENMEYER, DeS/In Editor 
ELAINE CAMUSO, ASSOCiate News Editor 

DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 
BRIAN K. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
Pinup MICHAELS, News Editor 

ARON MIUER, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFf Nlaa, Hletus Editor 

lONNA PAlMER, Associate News Editor 
YAKOY ZOLOTOREV, Associate Photo Editor 

IDIOII ITAPI' WIIITIRI: Ben lIOyI:nuk, I~ Che"., FranciSCO Devrlel, Ben 
Fntund. Jenny GelIIII. a.,. JoIInson. 0" KI'IUII. Ken PeIImen. 01lYld Snow, 
Care Udell. GIeta W .... n 
ITMI'WlllTlltl:Ertn A.1C1tIlOll, $/lennon ar.cIy. DeIn lIIonaleln, GlnlF18acnl, 
JolIn GocIIJey, Oen Hlttla. Den ... Hurst. MelI ... JICoIIa, lIair JoIInaon. Erlil 
JoIInaon. Oen KnIll.. ElIl~ MKkenlle. Mur.1I MoMIIy. jennifer Nicoli. JeIY 
Preutht. Ely RIb8nI. Ritu Saxen • • Steploenle SimOn. o.n s-ny, AIe'-
TlIIeHn. K8rIn Wei'" 
IU.USTltATOIIS: Mien. Croll, NMn.-. Ellln, RoIer KIlO. DomInIC Lobbl • • III Sponc. 

Jason ThomPSOI1. Brld Walker 
DElHlNUI: Jelf Larsen. Brenna Latham, Brian Lee. Marcus Lobbla, Annette 
loudon 
I'IIOToo"","lIII: Romeo Carambas. Timothy Chan. Jason Curran. Dan 
McOoweII. Chuck Ncuyen. Jason Ritchie . Oanny Ruaplnl. Amy Zlot 
COPY READIIII:SIr8Io Femald. Aron Miller, Sara Rudolph. Jenny Wrenn 
TTJIIST: nm Lin 
ACCOUNT IXICUTIVI: jennifer Oodson 
ADVIIITISINI AllllTAIIT: Tara EolY 
ClIlCULATlOtI AllllTAIIT: o..td Rocen. Crall Stolde 

.. DeANDIIfA, Business Man.,., 
MICHAIL AlULKI, Advert/sl", Man.,er 
.UIIAIITlNEZ, Advertisinl DesipM 

... IOYCHUIC, Clesslfled RepresenltJtiYe 
Edltortel : 5:w.6580. Business OffIce: 534-3486, Fa: 534-7891 
UCSD aunll." 9600 Gilman Drive 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-031.8 
_ 1oceIlon: Second floor. ucso SI.-.t c.- IIuIIdInI .,.. 

Thuraday, February 17,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

YIkoI/ ZOIotOfe\l/GuW!IIan 
fifth Coli.,. ""lor Jenner McCloek.y protests In front of securtty ..... lit Horton Plua. The 
aua" formed a blockade when ltudent proteston tried to enter the downtown IhoppIna c.nter. 

RALLY: Students 
ask for one percent 
increase in budget 
Continued from INC. 1 
to re-cut the pie. We are asking for 
one percent more of the federal 
government's budget," Endres 
said. 

Currently, 1.8 percent of the 
federal budget isallotted to educa-
tion. Concerned Students are ask-
ing that this amoiJnt be increased 
by at least one percent, or approxi-
mately $15 billion . However, 
Endres was quic'k to add that, "One 
percent is not an end-all, be-all. It 

is just a start. We are going to keep 
this thing rolling. We have to put 
education back on the table." 

According to Endres, 
Tuesday's rally, made up mostly 
of UCSD students, was part of a 
nationwide campaign to "re-cut 
the pie," said Fifth College senior 
Jenner McCloskey. 

Endres said that one motivating 
factor in the rally was President 
Bill Ointon's proposal to decrease 

. federal support for State Student 
Incentive Grants and Perkins Loans. 
Clinton has also increased the 
maximum Pell Grant award by 
$100, but USSA representatives 
don't think that it makes up for the 

,. ~~_. _e_;,cN_'tfI_M_Sf6_e_~IA_:c:t_t_-ll., 

i 10% OFF! 
: Entir. Clothing : 
; PURCHASE : 

lack of support for the state pro-
grams, according to Endres. 

"The bottom line is, [Clinton] 
shouldn't be taking money away 
from education," Endres said. 

"We're just asking him to real-
locate money that'salready there," 
added Fifth College sophomore 
Shayna Hanson. 

Students gave of a variety of 
reasons for attending the rally. 
Nabil Issa, a third-year senior from 
Marshall College, said that he is 
being forced to graduate early and 
forego the double major he was 
hoping for because of the fee in-
creases, while Revelle College jun-

See RAU Y, Page 7 

I J* 622~~~2 
< I Must pNIIfII coupon aillme 0/ pum-. Exp. 3/15/9A. I 

~------.. ------... IEIIISS'ICE CENTER 8895 Towne Cenlre Drive IBetween Nobel & La Jolla Village Dr.) 

MEETING: 
Task force will 
make report by May 
Continued from .,... 1 
by the Chancellor's Office will 
comprise .the remaining mem-
bership of the task force . Strong 
said that he hoped task force 
members would be selected by 
the end of the week. 

According to coalition mem-
ber Poncho Guevara, the coali-
tion is stressing that anyone se-
lected for the task force must 
have significant experience in 
dealing with issues of 
underrepresented students . 
"Whoever is appointed must have 
a strong background. We need 
everybody to be up to speed on 
this, so we can get a working 
plan," Guevara said. 

Coalition members will also 
push for the task force to make its 
recommendations as soon as pos-
sible. "We don't want this thing 
to be put off until the end of the 
year," Guevara said. 

The task force is slated to make 
its report to Chancellor Richard 
AtkinsonbythefirstweekofMay. 

A UCSD cross-cultural center 
has been debated in different quar-
ters of the university since 1984, 
when an Intercultural Center was 
to be included in the Price Center. 
Between 1989 and 1993, three 
different proposals from various 
organizations were rejected by the 

NEWS 3 

administration. 
This latest proposal by the 

Cross-Cultural CenterCoalition, 
which formed in 1993, calls for a 
center to provide study groups 
and tutorial services, develop a 
multicultural resource library and 
establish a mu Iticu Itural research 
journal. The proposed center 
would promote links with com-
munity and on-campus organi-
zations. 

The coalition's proposal 
picked up steam after a Fcb. 3 
rally in the Price Center, where 
petitions and letters of support 
were presented to Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson. It was at this 
rally that un iversity administra-
tors agreed to Monday 's meet-
ing with coalition members. 

Representatives from both 
sides agreed that the meeting was 
a positive first step in establish-
ing a cross-cultural center at 
UCSD. "I thought it actually went 
pretty well," Strong said. 

"We got exactly what we 
asked for and in that sense, we're 
pleased," Guevara said. "The 
biggest challenge now is to keep 
the ideas of the proposal intact." 

Guevara added that the fact 
that the administration is taking 
this current proposal serious I y is 
a tribute to the efforts of coali-
tion members. "We're excited 
about moving forward, but at the 
same time, we're wary about 
what happens on administrative 
task forces," he said. 

The Guardian iJ looking for new 
chimps. Call 534-6580 for more info. 

~ Fcic:iol Tanners 

$39/mo 
$49/mo 

1 month $59 

5 TANS $29 
lorANS $49 

$19/mo.* 
and 1st tan is FREE 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edltorl., Bottrd 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. Copy Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. News Editor 

DOUG ALEXANDER. Opinion Editor 
!lie UCSD ~ Is publilhed twice I _ II till ~ 01 CoHfomIl. Son ~. Contentl 
011"". V ______ till rNIfOIItY _ 01 tIIIlCIhDrioi boInI. end ... not 

~ _ 01 till uc -.0 01 R ..... ta. till ASUCSO. nor till ontIrw ~ ltall. 

UCSD Should Establish 
Police Review Board 

Abuses of power and authority come in many fonns. In corporate 
America, some bosses sexually harass their employees. Within the balls 
of Congress, members have been known to use their votes as lools to 
gain campaign - and vacation - funding. And, perhaps most notori-
ously, throughout the good 01' U.s. of A., some police officers have 
. been found to have a nasty penchant for applying force a bit too liberally. 
As people have said for ages, given power, there wiU always be those 
who will misuse it. 

)t appears that our idyllic campus is not without its own problems in 
this area. Though UCSD is not like New Yorlc, where bad-seed cops 
play with gum and clubs, allegations of harassment and use of undue 
force by campus police officers are nothing to scoff at. There have been 
two such complaints in the last two months. 

The latest incident involved the forceful removal of ReveUe sopho-
more Abdi Shayesteh from the Solis HaU computer lab where he was 
working 00 a project. A professor, who was teaching a class in the lab, 
wrongly claimed that Shayesteh was not allowed to be there and ordered 
him to leave. When Shayesteh refused, the professor called the police. 
After trying to explain to the two officers that he was working on a 
project for class, Sbayesteh finally gave up and agreed to leave. 
Shayesteh claims he was not allowed to save his material on the 
computer and that Officer Scott Garcia erased his work. As Shayesteh 
walked out of the roOm, the officer demanded to see his student ID, and 
Sbayesteh complied. Garcia then asked Shayesteh what the ' R' in his 
middle name stood for and demanded to see his driver's license. When 
Shayesteh refused, Garcia tried to remove Sbayesteh's backpack and, 
according to Shayesteh, grabbed him and pushed him against a wall. 
Garcia denies pushing the student. 

These aUegations have created a stir - and for good reason. Though 
perhaps an abberration, this incident is indicative of the need for greater 
cooperation between the campus community and the UCSD police. With 
this goal in mind, the Associated Students and the Graduate Student 
Association bavecalled for the formation of an independent police review 
board 011 campus. Such a board would serve as an oversight mechanism, 
and open a formal line of communication between the university commu-
nity and campus police. A review board would ultimately serve as a 
liaison, both ensuring that the university can better understand the needs 
of the police and that the police can better serve the university. As AS. 
President Carla resale said, in response to a critical letter by Police QUef 
John Anderson, "I think people should not view this as an antagonistic 
move, rather as something that will help the police better serve the 
students." A review board would only strengthen the relationship be-
tween the police and the community they serve. 

UC Budget Ax Mis ••• 
Upper Level Administration 

When University of Califoo1ia President Jack Peltasoo WlVeiled the 
UC's 1994-95 budget l&'iI mooIh, heca11ed the prqxsI a "share-the-pain" 
p1ao.~tothe UC'sbldgl:twizards, theuniversitywooldoverc:xme 
its tuming sOOtfa1I by rUing fees, reducing faculty aOO staff througtt 
aaritioo BOO cutting adntini<itrativalits. In thecIy, !hi<; isasoond idea- the 
slafeisiothemidstafafiscalaBs,aOOSCM:rificeshavetobemade. By sharing 
the pain, no me group - be it studenls, staff. faculty or UninisIralas-
ic; tim:d 10 amy the burden cibudget ruIbacks. 

l.JnfoounateIy, io practice, the UC budget does little to share the pain. 
Whilechr sectors of the university take their lumps, little is being dooe to 
au1ail cdminisaraIive wBe. In his latest report 00 the UC budget, UC 
Berkeley Physics Pniessor 0wIes Schwartz chaUenges Pdta<iOO'sdaim 
that adminisIrative expenditures have been rut by 20 pem:nt. SOre 
rechaqp,orlranifetsaffunds,areootfactaed into the budget by univeIsity 

~SchwartzfiguresthatspeOOinghalilD'e&'iedbylhn:eperansirD: 
Iheslalc'sfiscalcri1isbegln Ifmything, the UC'sbudgdbadministralim 
appears to~" raIher dm share it 

Some may dispute Schwartz's figures, but it can't be denied that 
the upper echelons of administration have remained untouched 
throughout this three-year budget bloodletting. Most of the time, 
when UC officials say cuts have been made to the administrative 
budget, they are talking about cuts aimed at the lower-level employ-
ees who make the university run. These crucial staff members, 
including janitors, repairpeople, Registrar's Office staffers and 
others, take the brunt of the firings and delayed salary increases. At 
the same time, top-ranking administrators escape" from the cutbacks 
unscathed, some of them awarded merit salary increases by the 
Board of Regents while the rest of the university is gutted. 

This is not a responsible way forthe UCtodo business. IfPeltasoo 
is serious about sharina the pain, he'd be well advised to stop relying 
on cooked figura and start taking a hard look at making serious cuts 
in the univenity'. administrative fat. 

The UCSD Guardi_ Thurlday, February 17, 1994 

PINION 

BOGUS ABORTION CLINICS 
COMMENTARY: Through the use of misinfonnation and scare tactics, fake 
abortion clinics try to coerce women into carrying their pregnancies to tenn 
....... Haxo PhIIIIpa 
ContribufitW Opinion Writer 

It has been estimated that 50 percent of American high 
school seniors have engaged in sexual intercourse. One 
canonlyassumethatbythetimeweaniveatUCSD,many 
of us have had to, or will have to, grapple with the 
repercussions of sexual intercourse - namely, the threat 
of unintended pregnancy. for most of us, pregnancy is the 
last thing on our minds, so when it takes us by surprise-
bccauseoffailed contraceptives or lack of them in the first 
place - we are left to deal with a situa-
tion with which we have no experience. 

After getting over the initial shock, 
one of the first thin~ a couple must do 
when they suspect that the woman may 
be pregnant is to verify whether she 
actually is or not, then get professional 
advice about her options. This relatively . 
simple yet profoundly delicate process 
can be a nightmare for unsuspecting 
women. 

about alternatives to abortion away from legitimate health 
service clinics." 

Their advertising is false and misleading. Most of 
these clinics have no doctors, nurses or other qualified 
health-are providers on staff. They are run by people 
opposed to abortion and contraception, although they do 
not tell their clients this directly. While clients wait for the 
results of the pregnancy test, they will typically be forced 
to listen to deceptive lectures and movies featuring bloody 
"fetuses" and women who were "injured" during abor-

tions. . 
A woman from San francisco re-

ported, .... . when I arrived at the 'clinic,' 
a woman asked me a series of questions 
and then looked at a chart on her desk 
and told me ... 'Your baby will be born 
on September 17.' This was before the 
pregnancy test was even done .... Next, 
she turned on the machine for a slide 
show. ) asked [her] if I had to watch the 
slide show. She said yes." 

Many women simply look in the yel-
low pages under" Abortion," " Abortion 
Alternatives" or "Pregnancy Counsel-
ing" and choose one without any knowl-
edge of the clinic's reputation or ethics 
policy. However, alongside advertise-
ments for reputable clinics, there are 
advertisements for "fake" abortion clin-
ics. They operate under the guise of 
being pregnancy counseling centers or 
abortion clinics, but they are not licensed 
medical facilities. )n reality, they are 

hard~re propaganda centers, usually 
funded by the religious right or extremist 
pro-life groups. 

WhIle cIIeIds 
welt for the 
..... ltsolthe 
pregnancy test, 
they will 
typically be 
forced to I .... 

"The slide show presented pictures 
of large, bloody fetuses and told horror 
stories about women ~ying from abor-
tions. It claimed that abortion was a 
leadingcauseofsterility,deformedchil-
dren and death [all three daims are 
false). One slide was of a dead woman 
lying under a sheet. The voice reported 
that she had died during a legal ahortion 
when the suction machine was hooked 
up wrong, blowing pressure into her 
body and causing her utaus toexplode .... 
It then showed more pictures of bloody 
fetuses. By this time, I was extremely 
upset and angry and turned the slide 
show off. These centers advertise IS support 

systems to help women make choices in 
"their time of need." However, they will 
do anything and everything possible to 
make women carry their pregnancies 10 
term. Often, these centers are purposely 
located near legitimate dinies, college 
campuses and convenient bus routes. 

to deceptive 
Iectur ...... 
IIIOVI .. 
featuring bloody These clinics exaggerate, and even 

falsify, the physiological and physical 
effects of abortion. They do this in an 
effort to intimidate women inlO having 
theirbabics-whileigooringthepossi-
bility that birth and adoption could also 
have traumatic effects on the woman. 

Mfatu_"'" 
Their advertising rhetoric, as well as their names, are 
nearly indistinguishable from those of reputable clinics 
- there is 110 obvious way to distinguish "real" from 
"fake" ones. 

ItA a pamphlet published by the National Orpnizalion 
for Women (NOW) put it, "TheIe centen groaIy misin-
terpret the nature of the servicca they offer in order to hire 
women aeekin& prepancy teIb, abortions or advice 

Such practices prey 011 the vulnerability of women who 
are already in feat of pregnancy. 

Some clinics go even further. In San Francisco, one 
staff member is beina sued for attempting to coerce a 14-

year~ldclientintohidinguntilshegavebir1h.Herparents 
were told that the young girl was going to Europe on a 
spcciaI KhoIanbip. JIIegal anangcmenIa for lbeadoption 

. see IIOGUI, Pace 6 

Thurlday, February 17, 1994 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Not only has the West done nothing to stop the killing, but it has forged a peace agreement which rewards aggression 

A NEW CHAPTER IN THE BOSNIAN TRAGEDY 

ANDREW 

REynOLDS 
WORLD 

VIEW 

The guns have 
been quiet in 
Sarajevo since the 
horrifIC shelling of 
the central market 
on feb. 5, when 68 
innocent people 
were killed. This 
incident hasshamed 
the United States 
and the govern-
ments of Western 
Europe into finally 
taking a stand 
against genocide in 
the Balkam. NATO 
and the United Na-

tions have issued a statement to the Serbs in 
Bosnia that any further shelling will trigger air 
bombing of strategic Serbian positions around 
Sarajevo. furthermore, the Serbs are being told 
to withdraw to locations outside of shelling 
range and to hand in their large caliber weapons 
to the United Nations, Under the command of 
British U General Sir Michael Rose. The dead-
line for this withdrawal is Feb. 21. 

Rose has been an integral part of the diplo-
matic breakthrough of the last two weeks- the 
first signs of hope for the terribly embattled 
Muslim population of Bosnia. The three previ-
ous U.N. commanders had all admitted failure in 
their attempts to stop the fighting. However, 
with the tacit backing of the french and the 
Americans, Rose has taken a "hard-nose" ap-
proach to the job he has been charged with; 
namely, to protect those Bosnians who are under 

the gun and deprived of the 
most basic needs of food and 
shelter. He has increased U.N. 
ground forces to over 5,000, 
ordered his troops to return fire 
ifattackedand has aggressively 
collected Serbian and Muslim 
weapons in and around the 
besieged city. 

But the short-term success 
of the latest U.N./NATO ac-
tions, and the fact that Rose has 
bad the backing to stand up to 
the serbs, only beg'! the ques-
tion IS to wliy Western govern-
ments failed to pursue an ag-
gressive military strategy one, 
two or even three years ago, 
when the war in the Balkans 

Athr .. state 
solution win only 
quick_the 
......... otany 
...... m..tonomy 
In the region. 

the Serbs, Croats, Muslims and 
Slavs in the Balkans had al-
ready led to thousands and 
thousands of civilian deaths, 
and threatened to engulf a re-
gion notorious for destabiliz-
ing Europe. However, even at 
that iime, when the scale of 
the conflict was plain for all to 
see, these governments shied 
away from any action which 
might have realistically halted 
the war. 

While the immediate dan-
gers facing Muslims in 
Sarajevo have been eased for 
the moment, the peace talks in 
Geneva still afford few peace-
ful signs. Negotiations be-

first began. The killing of 68 Muslims in Sarajevo 
two weeks ago was an appalling act, but not more 
appalling than the acts of genocide and destruc-
tion which have gone unchecked over the last 
three years. 

The American and European governments 
have rattled their sabers countless times in a 
weak-willed attempt to frighten the Serbs. How-
ever, time and time again the threats prove to be 
hollow, and Serbian leaders have come to real-
ize that they can continue their campaign of 
"ethniccleaming" unimpeded. When Madeline 
Albright, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., said 
on Monday that the Serbs "should not doubt our 
will" to carry out air strikes, she was performing 
on the most flimsy ground. 

In October of last year, the conflict between 

tween the Serbs, Croats and Muslims broke 
down again lISt weekoverthe precise method of 
carving up the former Yugoslavia around ethnic 
and rei igious lines. 

The Bosnian Muslims have been reduced to 
arguing over tiny villages which would give 
them access to the Savba River and the Adriatic 
Sea. Before the war, most of Bosnia was ethni-
cally heterogeneous, with Muslim majorities in 
many areas. However, through their campaigns 
of "ethnic cleansing," the Serbs now control 70 
percent of the territory - "spoils" of victory 
which they are unwiWng to give up. 

If the U.N./NATO threat holds and some 
level of peace isretumed to Sarajevo and Bosnia 
as a whole, what is the future for survivors? In 
the short term, the cease-fire will stop much of 

the killing, allow humanitarian aid to get through 
and create an atmosphere which will let U.N. 
troops remove some of the most destructive 
weapons. However, the lull in the fighting can-
not change the hostilities which exist between 
Serb and Muslim or recreate happy families 
untouched by war. 

In the long term, a solution that splits Bosnia 
intothreeethno-religiousstates can only quicken 
the demise of any Muslim autonomy in the 
region. In a very short time, the majority of the 
country, which is occupied by Serbs and Croats, 
would bccome partofG reaterSerbia and Greater 
Croatia. The tiny Muslim state would then be 
totally surrounded and subsumed by hostile 
neighbors. 

Such a solution, which has always been 
propagated by both the U.N. and European 
Community negotiators, would reveal some very 
telling thin~ about our foreign policy. It would 
mean tacit approval of one ethnic group waging 
war against another to gain territory and wealth. 
It would accept the notion of states divided upon 
racist lines, which have ethnic barriers to citi-
zenship, regardless of birthplace, and above all, 
it would ignore the terrible indignities visited on 
the people of Bosnia. 

If we allow the fragmentation of Bosnia 
along ethnic lines, we give the green light to 
violence from separatists in South Africa, South-
ern Europe, the former Soviet Union and Latin 
America. If 20th century history has taught us 
anything, it is that aggressive expansionists never 
stop on their own accord, and that tiny, ethni-
cally based nation-states are never viable in the 
long term. 

Opinionated? Write for the Guardian. 534-6580 

ed Hot Romance ... 
ree At Costa Verde. 

COSTA VERDE 
snoPPlno 

At T he Corner Of Genesee & La Jolla Village Drive. 
Free Convenient Covered Parking. 458-9270 

--m----------JlJd Hot Romance 
Namc ______________________ __ 

Address _______________ _ 

City ______________________ _ 

Zip _ _____________ _ 

Deadline to enter is Tuesa...y, March I. 1994. Four 
winners will be sckcred by random drawing and will 
be notiflC:d by mail. Employees of Cosra Verde tores 
arc no! el igible. , 

, 

------------------------------------------------~---------------



6 OPINION The UCSD Cuardiaa Thlll'lday, Febnaary 17,1994 

AN OPEN LE1YfER TO THE UCSD COMMUNITY 
EdItor: 

For more than two years, Bosnia-
Herzegovina has been tom apart be-
fore our eyes. The media bas shown 
images of concentration camps, rape 
camps, ravaged viUages,children shot 
as they played, civiliam killed as they 
walked in tbe street or, as last week-
end, as they shopped in the market. 
Day in and Day out weseetbis and yet 
we have done notbing. Some claim 
that we should not intervene in what is 
essentially a European problem. Tl)ere 
is some truth to this. We dearly wish 
that the day will soon come when the 
Europeans will accept respomibility 
for tbeirown problems, and will cease 
to seek moral and political guidance 
from America. However, until that 
day arrives, tbere are powerful rea-
sons why Americans should act now. 

The most powerful reason is sim-
ply that it is immoral to allow geno-
cide to happen and refuse to be in-
volved. Have we learned notbingfrom 
the Holocaust in Europe and Cambo-
dia? Western govemments, anxious 
to skirt their moral responsibility, tell 
us that we should not intervene be-
cause Ibis is cssentiaUy a civil war 
grounded on ancient ethnic hatred<! 
and that all parties are equally respon-
sible. 

These are lies. We know that 
Bosnia-Herzegovina was a function-
ing. integrated multi-etlmic society 
with high intermarriage rates between 
members of different ethnic groups 
and religious. More problematic, not 
only have we failed in our responsi-
bility to prevent genocide, but our 
governments have pretended to work 
for peace wbile their actions (the arms 

BOGUS: 
Clinics are dangerous 
and illegal 

embargo and the putition plan) have 
rewarded Serbian and Croatian ag-
gression. 

To be sure, most of the damage is 
already done and can no longer be 
corrected. I t is now clear to the world 
that naked aggression pays. We real-
ize that there is no stomach in the 
West for the sorts of military action 
that would rollback Serbian and 
Croatian aggression. Wbatwe are ask-
ing for, however, is that immediate 
steps be taken to salvage a peace 
agreement that prtserves the Bosnian 
nation and does not unduly reward the 
aggressors. 

SpeciflCllly, we ask that the arms 
embargo that prevents the Bosnians 
from defending themselves be lifted 
immediately. Self«fense is an in-
alienable right. Further, if the Serbs 
and Croats refuse to cease their ag-
gression andaa:ept ajust peace agree-
ment, we ask that the West use its 
considerable military potential, air 
strikes in particular, to fora: the ag-
gressors to come to terms. The recent 
NATO ultimatum and tbe greater in-
volvement of the u.aited States in 
diplomatic negotiations are a step in 
the right direction. We need to en-
courage further action along these 
lines. 

Tothateffcd, we,theundersigncd, _ 
have initiated a campaign at UCSD to 
let President Qinton know that many 
Americans do care. All signed IetteB 
will be mailed to Wasbington on Feb. 
26_ We urge you to sign the attacbcd 
letter and mail it 10 us as soon as 
possible to Juan Diez Medrano, Dept 
of Sociology (0102), UCSD,LaJolla, 
92093. 

magaziIIes such as Expecting or Par-
ellIS and pamphlds offering informa-
tion on prenatal care and fetal devel-
opment, but neveroncontraception or 
abortion. Wbile pregnancy tests are 

ContInued from pac. 5 being run, most fake clinics take the 
of ber forthcoming child were also opportunity 10 show a film to scare 
being set up until the parents discov. women from having an abortion, and 
ered what was actuaJly happening. they will do anything to keep clients 
Other clinics are reported to harass from stopping the film or leaving. 
women after they obtain an abortion. Pregnancy tests, however, take no 
Some inform the patient's parents or longer than 10 minutes to administer, 
coworkers and make threatening late- and no legitimate clinic will fora: a 
night phone calls telling the women woman to watch a movie or do any-
that they are "baby-kiUers" and "mur- thing against ber will. In Iddition, 
derers. " since fa1se clinics are usually run by 

However, there are ways to recog- religious groups, "counselors" will 
nile bogus rounseling centers. In the often engage women in discussions 
waiting rooms, there will often be about their religious views and be-

osta o/erde 1Jentis . 
:$3900 

EXAM, 
'" CLEANING a 

./ 1 X-RAYS (bhwtng) 
ONE nME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPEclALI 

BrIng 1111$ ad wI1tl yoo to yoor appointment 
A We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
• Special introductory offer-$I50 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Dr. 

86eO GeneIM Av •. , SUI. 312 
We accept mOst 1NurQ'lC8 pions and major creclt cads 

- ~ ~ .~ t Pt-., 
• -

RFADERS' 

F~HUM 
IheGuMbn wtGmn """nI~­
leslnJm It. IIIIdJtI. L.mn rrut lie no ~ 
!/lin IIWe "... !)lied. ~ n 
SW*1. we _me tWIt rod frx /etIfIII n 
~. Sena " teIIets to: 

TIle GuenIIan 
OpInIon Editor 

9500 GIIrMn Dr. 0316 
L8 Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

Mr. Praldeat: 
We are ashamed by our nation's 

abandonment of Bosnia, a member 
slate of the United Natiom, to the 
murderous attacks ofSerbsandCroats. 
Are we 10 allow further Holocausts to 
happen? It is true thai there are risks to 
taking military action, but Iadt of 
action carries even greater risks: con-
tinued inflammation of national con-
flicts, new territorial conquests 
through aggression, human rights 
abuses and genocide. 

We the undersigned demand im-
mediate action by NATO and U_N. 
forces in the form of airstrikes against 
Serbian and Croatian military targets 
in Bosnia. We further demand the 
lifting of the arms embargo on Bosnia 
toallow Bosniam the exceriseoftheir 
right 10 self4efense. Our ultimate 

lief's. , 
There are ways Ioavoidthese "clin-

ics" altogether. Select clinics that have 
dearly established reputations. Avoid 
centers with ambiguous names and 
descriptions. Fake clinics often use 
names such as"Crisis Pregnancy Cen-
ter" or "Problem Pregnancy Center." 
Oraskfor references from friends and 
family whose opinions you trust. 

Select clinics thai provide a fuU 
range of contraceptive alternatives. 
Many fake clinics advertise abortion 
or birth control information, but the 
ads do not say that these services can 
actually be obtained at the center. 
When calling a clinic: forinformalion, 
make sure staffmembers provide ful~ 
clearanswen theirservices. 

CAMERA SHOIt INc.. . 
Discount 

Prtcing on 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSD 
Purchasp Ordprs 

Accepted 
7720 Fay Ave. 
459-7355 

objectives should be to slop the war 
and reach a peaceseU1ement that does 
not reward Serbian and Croatian 
agression. 

Who knows, perhaps we can still 
make a difference. 

Juan Dlez-Mednno 
Gershon Sbaflr 
AkosRou-Tu 

SodoIogy DeputmelJt 
GuIllermo AIgue 

Anthropology DepartmeDt 

A.a. M ....... antecl 
In GIl ..... ArtIcle 
EdItor: 

We wish 10 correct some of tbe 
many misconceptions and inaccura-
cies surrounding the Cross-Cultural 
Center proposal debate by the Associ-
ated Student Councillasl week. The 
overall tone of your Feb. 14 article 
was extremely misleading. Although 
the article correctly stales that the 
proposal passed in one straw pol~ it 
neglects to mention the fIVe other 
straw polls where it failed. Ho~ever, 
we want to emphasize that this does 
not mean that tbe A.S. is against 
multiculturalism. TheA.S. is strongly 
rommittcd to multiculturalism and 
the establishment of a ccoss-<:ullural 
center,butonethataddrasestheneeds 
of all students. 

As a representative student gov-
ernment, we feel that we can not sup-
port a proposal that does not encom-

pus the needs of all students, but 
ratheroffivespecificd student groups. 
[n an effort 10 ease the burden of the 
underrepresented students at UCSD, 
this proposal manages eo isolate and 
exclude these groups further. 

In the article, it stated that coali-
tion representative Poncbo Guevara 
said that ..... no one was excluded un-
less they excluded tbemselves," and 
further went on to quote resolution 
author Mike lim as saying the center 
would not be disproportionately 
slanted toward focusing just on 
undenepresented students of rolor. 

If this is true, then why does the 
Governance Structure of the proposal 
clearly state, " ... the Cross-Cultural 
Center would be composed of ap-
pointed representatives from campus 
organizations of underrepresented 
people of color?" 

We hope that this letter clears up 
some of the misconceptions associ-
ated with this issue and we want to re-
emphasize that not only is the A.S. 
strongly supportive of the goals of 
multiculturalism, but as was slated 
during the debate, we are willing to 
work with the coalition to modify the 
proposal and create a center that will 
best serve the campus community. 

CadaTesak 
A.S. PraIdent 
NeeuMllllk 

VICIe PaealdeDt 01 FIMace 
muotKMlla 

Muir CoUeae Seaior Senator 
EdUof"s Note: T1u! Guardian reo 

grets the uninIenIionaJ omission of 
illfDmllllion COIICmIiIIg the straw poll. 
Hownrer, we stand by the story. 

Avoidclinics that refuse to be straigbt- centera on the grounds of fraud, de-
forward cepiive advertising, unlicemcd prac-

Forinstanoe. when asked"Oo you lice of medicine, invasion of privacy 
bave information about wbm 10 get and intentional infliclionofemotional 
abortions," fake clinics wiD usuaI1y distress. • 
say, "We'll discuss your abortion Even Congras has noticed. It bas 
whenyouc:omein"or"Anythingyou initiated bearings to delibcrate pas-
need, we do here." Further, only go to sible legislation. However, thisaaion 
clinics that bave physicians, nurse has by no means stopped tbeseclinics 
prac::titionera or other 1icensed health from preying on innooent women. 
workers on staff. Bogus clinics in the San Diego area 

These clinics are not simply an- see an average of 30 new clients per 
other facet of the "hysteria" proper- month. So, if you tbinIt that you or a 
tied by feminists. They are very real friend may be pregnant, carefuDy in-
and extremely dangerous. There are vestigate bcalth clinics to find one 
over 20 fake clinics in the area from that treats women with decency and 
San Gabriel to Palm Springs and an raped, as well u gives proper infor-
estimated3,OOOnationwide.Lawsuits mation regarding aU the options for 

have been brought and WO~D:'==:'''=;;~ 

.!Df ~.(ij.'!:mjU IIII/M \IMS ~S 
~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;:$129 

• ........... RUID 
• 0IA.a tuUCAlID 
• COfiIN1Im a. 

• No AIfOInUB. NICIUMT 
II ..... ,.... 

••• 

RALLY: Student 
protesters march 
downtown 
C.tlnued,.... .... 3 
ior Gary Huysman said he attended 
the rally "to lend support to a 
worthwhile student cause." 

n.UCSDC ....... 

In 1949, the federal govern-
ment dedicated approximately 
nine percent of the budget to edu-
cation. The speakers at the rally 
insisted that education must once 
again become a number-one pri-
ority in America. "Increase the 
higher education rate, not the 
criminal incarceration rate," said 
James Field, a junior high teacher 
and second-year graduate student 
at UCSD. 

UCSD student· Anita s ... t ..... (left) mM: .... downtown. 

After approximately 40 min-
utes in front of tbe Federal Build-
ing, the students began marching 
up Front Street to Broadway. 
There, they turned right and walked 
two blocks to Horton Plaza, a 
multiple-level mall in the down-
town San Diego area accommo-
dating a vast array of businesses. 

The protesters attempted to en-
ter the mall but were met by a team 
of security officers who formed a 
human barricade blocking tbe en-
trance. When Endres tried to ex-
plain the purpose of the rally to 

onlookers who had formed on mal I 
balconies, Director of Security at 
:Iorton Plaza Kelly Klatt threat-
ened to have Endres and other 
rally participants arrested if they 
did not leave mall property. Klatt 
would not comment on the con-
frontation. 

Students then walked across the 
street to explain the purpose of the 
rally to onlookers. Some people 
appeared to be in favor of tbe 
march, while others seemed an-
noyed by the commotion. Some 
dissenters could be heard shout-
ing, "The revolution's over, go 
home," from across the street. 

CONNERLY: 
Regent praised for 
interest in students 

"Connerly hasn't been on tbe board 
_ very long. I think we have an ac-

tive body," Brophy said. 

c:ontInuN from ..... 2 
witb tbc Board,· Morrisroe said. 

OIberregcnls, like Bropby, dis-
agree witb Connerly's assessment. 

Connerly, who is scbeduled to 
be confirmed as a regent by the 
California State Senate on Feb. 
23, believes in the importance of 
regent involvement in tbe lives of 
tbe students. 

Not only students participated 
in the rally. Bob Buckley, a semi-
retired welder, said he joined the 
students' march because he felt 
spontaneous support for them. 

"The kids ... they're the future 
of America," Buckley said. 
"They're just doing it from the 
heart. I'm definitely with them_" 

Both Endres and Hanson were 
pleased with the direction the rally 
took and emphasized that the point 
of the rally was to encourage the 
community to become involved in 
the budget crisis facing higher 
education. "It went well. We're 
leaving our isolation, " Endres said. 

Connerly said he would like to 
tour each campus twice a year to 
talk to the students and discuss 
tbeir concerns. "We have an obli-
gation to listen to tbe people. If we 
as regents are working in UC edu-
cation, we have to take time to 
look at tbe product we're selling," 
be said. 

NEWS 7 

Considering the paper is 
·due tomolTOW, arm~ ~U 
glad we're qJeIl an night? 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
rum it in. And since you'll probably be woricing on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a good lhing we never twn in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
48]';1152 

Budget Travel 
Seminar 

12:00 noon - 1 :30 pm 

Work Abroad 
Seminar 

1 :30 pm - 2:30 pm 

Wednesday, February 23rd 
Price Center, Ubrary Lounge 

Gallery B (2nd Floor) 

Sponsor~d by the Programs Abroed Offlc~ and CIEE 

(',llllplIS Intervic\;\'s 
h,bIU<l1\ IS, IqtJ,l 

OlOE, America's Full Service Discount BrokerSM is 
looking for motivated people to establish a career in 
the brokerage business. 

OlDE offers: 
12-18 month paid training program 

Potential six-figure income 
Excellent benefits 

If you possess excellent communication skiUs, general 
market knowledge and the desire to excel, sign up 
for an on-campus interview on February 18, 1994 in 
the Career Center. 

If you are unable to arrange an interview call: 

1· 800 937-0606 
or send resume to: 

OLDE Discount Stockbrokers 
National Recruiting 
751 Griswold Street 
Detroit, MI 48226 

AOLDE 
I • 1 ' I 1 .' .. : DISCOONT 

........NY8...tSIPC 
An l!quaI OppaItwdty Employer 



• NEWS 

SUMMER JOBS 
at Camp Tawonga ... 

FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE YOSEMITE, 
Kids , and making a difference. Join our Summer Team of 
wonderful staff. 
Now HIring: Counselors, Wildemess Leaders, Maintenance, 
Life Guards, Cooks, Drivers, Me and more ... 

INTERVIEWING AT UCSD 2/28/94 
PLEASE CALL (619)543-4500 

for an application and to schedule and interview 

A Service of the United Jewish Community Centers 

iJ CUT, CONDITION $1 0 
R.q S16 & BLOW DRY ... 
PERM $39 
Reg. $45 

~--------------------~ ATs 1-DAY 
Action Thrift Store SAL E ! ! 

(TIle ~roest Thrift Store In san 0IeQ0) 
• ClothIng .To~. 
• Furniture 
• .. Ise .......... 

2S2S CI8I ........... DIIve 
1-1 .. c........Dr.,_ ... 

MANAGER'S 
APPRECIATION SALE 

SAT., FEB. 19 
10AMToa PM 

4001 Offallused 10 items in store! 
Off all new 3001 items in store! 10 

..-. ":: =-CIIIIIr No! YJIiI will 1"1' _ aftIts. _..- COIIf4III. 1111 IW ~ goad 011 s.Iurday. ftI). 1. L __ ~~~ _____________ ~ 
THE BURKE LECTURESHIP 

Michael J. Himes 
Professor, Boston College 

A Theological Foundation for an 
Environmental Ethic 

TONIGHT 8 pm 
February 17, Peterson Hall, Room 108 

Student CoUoquim 
Spirituality and the Environmental Ethic 

TOMORROW 3 pm 
February 18, Davis Room, Price Center 

~ Master Mechanics 
=== vw • AUDI • CHRYSLER === 

• 
619 450-9494 II 

BRING THIS AD TO RECEIVE A 20% DISCOUNT 
ON SERVICE. REPAIR OF AUDI'S • CHRYSlER'S 

M.Jsf pr.....,,' coupon 
and valid UCSO 10 
otlmeol .. _ . 
Not valid ..."" rncjoI et>gIne 
01 fica. i rIaiIIon I8PCJh. 
U2D AuIOpoIt Mal 
San OlIgo, CAf2121-2Il. 
IocatId In .. AUIOPOIf MAlI. 

RebuIt EnOfMI 
'"* ... VaInI 

11M ConcIIIoIIIIIg 
All a WaMr Cooled 

CIuIcheI • IIectrIcaI 
"''''1CInCe IeIvIceI Tune-Upe • 8aI a DIeIeI 

The VCSD Guardia. 'l'hanciay. Februar, 17. 19M 

Regents to Discuss Academic Policy 
ByK8renW ...... 
Staff Writer 

Year-round classes and aswitch 
to the semester system are two of 
the many ideas to be discussed by 
the University of California Board 
of Regents at its one-day meeting 
today in San Francisco. The re-
gents will focus on long-range 
planning in the face of budget 
shortfalls and projections of grow-
ing enrollment for the university. 

The regents will also review 
options such as increasing the 
amount of evening classes to 
accomodate working students, 
making a three-year graduation 
program more accessible, and of-
fering television courses to allow 
for greater enrollment. 

"The proposals are part of the 
options the university is discuss-

ing in looking to be more efficient 
in light of decreasing budgets," 
said UC spokesman Mike Alva. 

Although the regents have not 
publicly discussed the specifics of 
any proposal, many of the ideas 
originated during a retreat held 
last fall for UC executives, faculty 
and special guests. 

According to Student Regent 
Darby Morrisroe, there is a defi-
nite consensus among board mem-
bers that changes will have to be 
made. 

However, Morrisroe is not op-
limistic about the chance that any 
of these proposals will be imple-
mented in the near future. "I don't 
think any of them are a cure-all ... 
all of them cost money, none of 
them save it," Morrisroe said. 

Increasing the length of the 

class day or week would increase 
workloads for professors, which, 
Morrisroe said, the regents are re-
luctant to do. 

Another proposal being con-
sidered by the regents involves 
increasing the tie between the UC 
and community college system by 
requiring freshmen to complete 
their general education coursework 
at community col leges before com-
ing to the UCS. 

With budget shortfalls still the 
. most pressing concern, Morrisroe 

called the proposals "a wish list, 
and the university doesn't have 
the money to fund them." Because 
the planning is still in its early 
stages, Morrisroe asked that stu-
dents with serious ideas about how 
to help streamline the system call 
her at (916) 752-7114. 

rr"-REG •• Phone was better than what other colleges fective, and students should try 
• • offered and UCSD students should again. He added that students are 
system crashes feel privileged to have it. most likely togetthrough between 7 

While the system is currently and8a.m. and between 5 and6 p.m. 
Continued from pac. 1 back on line, students may still Although the T -reg system has 
make lifecomplicaled," Mitsunaga encounter some difficulties in add- experienced problems in the past, 
said. ing classes as the Registrarcontin- Brown added that most of the prob-

At Wednesday night ' s Associ- uestorepairadditional phone lines. lems have developed because of 
ated Students Council meeting, Thesystemnormallyoperateswi!h efforts to enhance the system. 
Revelle College Sophomore Sena- 48 phone lines, and may be re- Test Manager David Cupp said 
tor Greg Hearn voiced complaints duced to 31 while repairs are made. that the system may soon provide 
from constituents about the Brown said that if students re- students with the option to request a 
unreliabilily of the T-reg system. ceive a message that tells them Ihe transcript over the phone, and it may 
A.S. Vice President Finance Neena system is down, it is most likely just be capable of informing prospective 
Malik, however, said the an individual line that is de- students of their status. 

~~----~~----~------------~--------------------~ 
GET RELlEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

Li.iiaa 
Once you try chiropractic you'll 
never want to live without your full 
health again/ Dr. Schlussel puts 
health back in your life. 
• Auto, work, and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Migraine and stress headaches CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! CALI. TODAY fOI AffOIIDAIU QUALITY CAllE 
• Fatigue and immune system disorders 

Your pllSl1l8 could be worth CASH! 
calt 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

Wc urgcntly scck pcople to donate 
pllSma. You11 receive: 
• Free Blood Tals I FIft Plllylk.,. 
• Paid CaM For EYery Vlllt 

Other programs that donors Irc 
desperately needed for arc : 
'Wlllole Blood 'Moao ·Lup •• 'HIV 
'Clllickea POI 'Clla,1I ·Herpe. 
Your blood contribution could hclp 
san a life! Pyramid is a blood IwIk 
Ed plasma antibody center dediCllCd 
to serylng our community and 
worldwide heatth relatcd 
orlanizations. Call Cor II 
''''.hlat 

s..DIIp • (619)291-4011 
s..V"',. 

(619)690-4434 

• Most Insurance coven chiropractic 
• ServJns the community for over 10 years 
• OPEN 9 am-7 pm 

8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 
located at I-S and La Jolla Village Drive 

IIX ON CAMPUS 
Is none at our ooncem, but ... 

whIt,ou ... Is. 
o C .... , ..... . 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
_ We're run out 

offlller 
ideas. 
..... 
.......... 

IMlt .. 

UCSD GUARDIAN ART S II EN' E R T A I N MEN T FEB R U A R Y 17, I 994 

IN THE 

n[UJ~ 
ROC K 

• "Billboard,," the rock 
ballet created by Prince and the 
Joffrey Ballet, was recently re-
leased on home video and laser 
disc. The score is written and 
performed by The Nameless 
Purple One, and it played to 
sold-out audiences during its 
tour of the United States last 
year. The video was recorded 
during a performance at the 
State University in Purchase, 
New York, in August of 1993. 

• The 8·52, have taken the 
moniker the B.C.-52s for the ' 
FlinlSlones film due out Me-
morial Day Weekend. The band 
has contrfbuted the theme song 
and "The Twitch" and makes 
an on-screen appearance. 

-, 

LOCAL 
.In an event billed the "Great 
Hair Day," salons through-
out San Diego will give $10 
haircuts to benefit a number of 
local organizations on Sunday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Call 1-
800-NEAR-YOU for a list of 
participating salons. 

• The Rupum. will play 
Sunday at 8:30 and 11 p.m. at 
the Green Circle in downtown 
San Diego as local comedy 
filmmaker Michael Addis 
screens the short films The 
Phonemasler 9000 Call Re-
lurningMachine, The Car Thief 
and Pork.Jips Now. The Car 
Thiefrecently won an award at 
the Aspen Film Festival. Addis 
is constantly looking for films 
by talented students, so maybe 
you can pitch your own film. 
Tickets are $5. Info: 551-8978. 

TICKETS 
• The Ramona. concert 
originally scheduled for March 
13 has been pushed forward to 
March 11. Tickets fortheorigi-
nal date will be honored and 
refunds are available at the point 
of purchase. The venue is still 
Iguanas in Tijuana, but new 
opening acts have not been an-
nounced. Info: 570-1222. 

• Tickets go on sale Friday at 
10 a.m. for comedian Jerry 
Selnfeld, who will perform 
at the San Diego Civic Theatre 
on July 1 and 2 at 7 and 10 p.m. 
each night. Info: 570-1222. 

SCENES 
ceFROM ANce 

: 

EXECUTION 
GRADUATE STUDENT 
DEBBIE F ALB DIRECTS 

ANOTHER DIFFICULT PLAY 
ABOUT POLITICS AND ART 

The ongoing tension thai 
exists belween artists and poli-
ticians is perfectly understand-
able, perhaps even necessary. 
If artists operate as critics of 
society, then it follows that 
Ihose who govern society are 
likely to receive the brunt of the 
artists' criticism. 

As we've seen in recent 
years, the conflict between art-
ist and politician grows even 
more complex when the gov-
ernment is funding artists who 
openly criticize its practices. 

Difficult questions inevita-

bly arise. Should the National 
Endowment for the Arts give 
money to Mac Wellman or Tim 
Miller, so that they can use the 
money to write a play about the 
stupidity of the NEA? Is it the 
government'sdutytodetcrmine 
what is art and what isn't? If 
not, who should decide? Other 
artists? Well then, who deter-
mines whether or not these art· 
ists are "artists" in the first 
place? And once they become 
arbitersof"art," aren't they op-
eratingas politicians rather than 

See SCENES, page H2 

By J 0 H N GOD F R E Y, S T A F F W R J T E R 

BELOW 
GIOVANNI PUCCI AND 

LAURIE WILLIAMS IN 

'SCENES FIOM AN 

EXECUTION -

, A 

~ 

/ 



IIIATUS 2 Th .. UCSIJ C;lIurdian 

F I L M 

Courtesy of Van Redin 
Lelaina (Winona Ryder) con.ide ... Michael'. (Ben Stiller) advances in Reality Bites. 

RealitrBites 
Films attempt to address MTV.Generationfails 

By Craig Stokle 
Guardian Reporter 

I was excited to see Reality Bites 
hecause I knew the film centered 
1m charac ters just graduating fro m 
college. I thought it might heworth -
while heca use it' s directed hy Ben 
Still er. whose televison show on 
Fox was funny. Winona Ryder and 
Eth an Hawke 's presence on the 
cast made me all the more expect -
ant. Then I saw the film and was 

di ~appointed . 
Rt'olity Bitt's opens as four col-

lege graduates on top of a down-
town hui Iding videotape each other 
wh ile the " Hockey Song" heats in 
the hackground . There must he at 
least four stylized montage se-
!1uences with the music of World 
Party or U2 playing in the hack-
ground . 

All of this makes one hegin to 
feel like the movie is an episode of 
" Beverly Hills. Q()21 0" or "Mclrose 
Place." Did I come to sec an MTV-

style film about people from my 
generation? Do people in theirearly 
twenties really live an " MTV 
lifestyle"? Even though the film 
tries to present issues that affect a 
young audience, it has only a sur-
face appeal. 

Ryderplays Lelaina Pierce, who 
has just graduated from college as 
Valedictorian , but is entering the 
world of jobs and survival with . 
trepidati on. Hawke isTroy, acynie 
with a grudge against the world . 

Troy doesn't have a job and 
finds a home with his college 
friends Vickie (Janeane Garofalo) 
and l..claina. Sexual tensions soon 
develop between him and Lelaina. 

Michael Grates (Ben Stiller), 
who is dating Lelaina, gives the 
film a surprising twist when he and 
Troy discuss what is best for 
Lelaina, as she simply listens. Ob-
viously, Lclaina's ability to deal 
with arrogant men doesn ' t parallel 
her scholastic aptitude. 

All but one of these characters 
would be considered a ' 70s aficio-
nado, but the characters exeessivel y 
use '70s pop culture to create nos-
talgia. If I heard Troy philosophiz-
ing about another episode of "One 
Day at a Time," or Lelaina singing 
another "School house Rock" song, 
I was going to puke. 

Don ' t get me wrong, there were 
a few enjoyable clements in this 
film - in particular, Stiller gave a 
good performance as a sympathetic 
yuppie character. 

At one point Michael awk-
wardly tells Troy that he's full of 
arrogant pretension . Also, the first 
date between Lelaina and Michael 
is charming with its realistic dis-
comfort. In the end, though, Real-
ity Bites is a typical HOllywood 
film about stylized lives ratherthan 
real characters. 

Reality Biles will open tomor-
row at theaters throughout San 
Diego. 

SCENES:Female 
role is challenging 
Continued from INC- H1 
as artists? 

Any serious discussion of the 
relationship between art and gov-
ernment is bound to be full of di s-
turbing contradictions, political 
conf! icts and angry passion, which 
is probably what British playwright 
Howard Barker hoped for when he 
wrote his play " Scenes from an 
Execution." 

The UCSD Department of The-
atre is currently presenting 
"Scenes" at the Mandell Weiss 
Theatre through Sunday. Third-
year graduate student Debbie Falb 
directed the production as her Mas-
ter of Fine Arts thesis project. In 
Barker's drama, she has found a 
political sensibility that closely mir-
rors her own. 

"Barker bel ieves you can change 
the world through theater, and so 
do I," she said . " His writing forces 
all of us to expand our ideas about 
what is possible, as artists and as 
human beings. This production is 
about the difficulty of acting mor-
ally in an amoral world." 

Set in 16th century Venice, 
"Scenes" chronicles the story of 
Galactia, a painter who has been 
commissioned by the government 
to create a mural commemorating 
a recent military victory . 

"Rather than paint the glory of 
the victory," Falb said, "she paints 
the gore of the battle - all blood 
and body parts-sothe politicians 

. 'throw her in jai I. " 
Barker delves deeply into this 

subject, moving far past the sim-
plistic(and frighteningly common) 
notion that government is bad and 
artists are good. To her credit, Falb 
has focused on the complexities of 
character and conflict in this play 
at an early stage. 

" When I began to read the play, 
I thought, 'Oh, I know this woman 
Galactia. I've seen her kind be-
fore, '" Falbsaid. "Abouttwo-thirds 
of the way through [reading the 
play], I realized I was wrong. She 
became another .creature for me, a 
complete surprise. I had to read the 
play all over again immediately to 
figure out what was going on." 

Thursday, February 17,1994 

The central figure of Galactia 
presents numerous acting chal-
lenges. II's a dynamic role for an 
actor, full of hero ic behavior and 
epic scope, and yet the character 
needs to be very human, very needy, 
full of contradictions. Second-year 
graduate student Laurie Williams 
won the much-sought role, and 
Falb, for one, is quite happy that a 
female actor will be featured promi-
nently in this UCSD production. 

" Actresses do not get enough 
opportunities to act, to sink their 
teeth , nails and soul into a part that 
demands the emotional and intel-
lectual passion of the best male 
roles ," she said. "I wanted to give 
my female classmates a chance to 
meet the same level of challenges 
that I had [as director]." 

Falb's choice of plays during 
her tenufe at UCSD suggests that 
she isn ' t one to back down from a 
challenge. She has directed some 
difficult plays during her stay here, 
including Franz Kroetz' "Through 
the Leaves , " Vaclav Havel's 
" Largo Desolato" and classmate 
Karl Gajd·usek's "The Gilded Gar-
den of Patcheww." 

"I don ' t look at 'Scenes ' as a 
culmination, but as a first step," 
she explained. "At the Playhouse 
and at UCSD I have been sup-
ported and taught by so many 
people. While I expect to keep 
learning throughout my career, now 
I can start to give back in equal 
proportion. 

"With this production I am be-
ginning to say 'This is what I want 
to do with everything you've given 
me. I hope you like it.'" 

Okay. So she hopes we like it. 
But why should we like it? 

"We have it all," Falb said, 
"love, power, greed, madness, pal-
ace intrigue. We have a man with 
an arrow sticking in the middle of 
his brain . We have a string quartet 
playing 'Welcome to the Jungle.' 

"You should come see this play 
with a bunch offriends, get into big 
fights about what it all meant and 
who was really the bad guy, then 
come back and see it again." 

"Scenes from an Execution" 
shows through Sunday at the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre . Call 534-
6467 for more information. 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

1993-94 Season 

Scenes 
$rom 
fin 

Cxecution 
byJloward ({jarker 

directed by Veborah fg ren .Palb 
February 16-20 

Mandell Weiss Theatre 
Tickets $4-$12 

Black tie optional RSVP 534-4574 

Thur.day, February 17, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

THIS WEEK 

to Ila y 
The TV series comes to life in 
Penelope Spheeris ' Beverly Hill-
billies, showing at 6, 9 and 11 :30 
p.m . in the Price Center Theatre. 
Tickets are SI in advance, S2 at the 
door. Info: 534-6467. 

Inti-lilimanl, a musical group 
from Chile which has been together 
for 15 years, will perform tradi-
tional and contemporary music 
from Latin America in Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets for 
students are SI2.lnfo: 534-6467. 

Beat poet Allen Ginsberg reads 
with poet Quincy Troupe and gui-
tarist Phil Upchurch as the "Art-
ists on the CuttinS Edp" 
series continues at the Museum of 
Contemporary Art in downtown 
La Jolla at 7:30 p.m. Tickets for 
students are S10, or a pass for the 
series can be purchased for $49. 
Info: 454-3541. 

AND 
friday 

No Doubt plays an all-ages ska 
show at the World Beat Center at 8 
p.m. SubUme and Bump open. 
Tickets are SlO. Info: 296-9334. 

The Juliana Hatfield Three 
will play atThe Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach at9:15 p.m. Tickets 
are $7. Info: 481-9022. 

Pianist Aleck Karla will give a 
recital at 8 p.m. in WarrenJ..ecture 
Hall. Tickets for students are S5. 
Info : 534-6467. 

saturday 
The Dead Milkmen play an all-
ages show with PH.um Dixon 
and Unwritten Law at the World 
Beat Center at 8 p.m. Tickets are 
S10. Info: 296-9334. 

su .nday 
Aleck Kms' piano students give 
a recital in Erickson Hall at 8 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-6467. 

monday 
The 13th Annual Bob Marley Birth-
day Festival starts at 1:30 p.m. at 

include The MIshtY Diamond., 
Judy Mowatt and Wallins 
Soul •. Tickets are $15 in advance, 
$20 at the door. Info: 296-9334. 

tuesday 
Cal-Ani mage will screen Mllison 
Ikkolcu 139, .... end of ",. 
Glllllctic Heroe. 14, and 
Moldiv.,. 12 at 7 p.m. in Solis 
107. Admission is free. Info: 587-
4890. 

A Bronx Tille, Robert De Niro's 
directorial debut, shows in the Price 
Center Theatre at 8 and 10:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $1 in advance, $2 at the 
door. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show the French film SIIv-
.,.. N.",., which is about AIDS, 
in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $3, or a 
student pass for all films can be 
purchased for $25.lofo: 534-6467. 

Wanda Coleman, the author of 
Hand Dance, African Sleeping 
Sickness, will read at SDSU's 
Scripps College at 7 p.m. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 594-1523. 

wednesday 
Black .... ith Union, April'. 
Motel Room and Morphine -
Sue play alternative rock at 8:30 
p.m. at Dream Street in Pacific 
Beach. Tickets are S6. Info: 222-
8131. the Sports Arena. Featured groups Christopher Parkenins will 

• 

f" 18001<'"'1 ,,,, ... to,,,., " ... "'AC, ~ .. 
• t ,,0 • ",,, .. 0 c .. M .. 1~ 

San Diego's only mystery. science fiction. horror bookstore 

More authors more often! 
Plenty of free parking! 

• special orders 
• discount plans 

• books shipped 

• autographed books 
• gift wrapping 

• complete selections 

Call or visit to be placed on our free mailing list 274-8408 
4679 Clairemont Square. San Diego 

playa program of classical guitar 
in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Info: 534-6467. 

THEATRE 
Mandell Wei.. Theatre: 
Graduate student Debbie Falb di-
rects "Scenes from an Execution," 
which runs through Feb. 20. Per-
formances are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
and Friday, 2 and 8 p.m. Saturday 
and 7 p.m. Sunday. Tickets for 
students are $4. Info: 534-6467. 

The Theatre in Old Town: 
"Weird Romance," two one-act sci-
ence fiction musicals composed by 
Academy Award winner Alan 
Menken, will run through April 2. 
Performances are Wedn esday 
through Sunday at 8 p.m. Tickets 
range from $16 to $22. Info: 239-
8355. 

San Diaso Repertor,r: Sam 
Woodhouse directs " Burning 
Dreams: A Jazz Opera," a world 
premiere. It runs through March 5 
in the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $18 to $24.1nfo: 235-
8025. 

Old Globe Theatre: "Blues in 
the Night," a musical by Sheldon 
Epps, runs through March 6. Per-
formances are Tuesday through 
Saturday at 8 p.m. with matinees 
on Saturday and Sunday at 2 p.m. 
Sunday evening performances are 
at 7 p.m. Tickets range from $23 to 
$27. Info: 239-2255. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLER IES 
MUMUm of Contemporary 
Art: An exhibit by Scottish-born 
artist David Mach uses 20 tons of 
magazi nes to present the story of a 
post-World War II American fam -
ily. It will be on display through 
April 7 . Gallery hours are 10 a.m. 
105 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. 
Info: 234-1001. 

Porter Randall Gallery: Oliver 
Jackson 's paintings and sculptures 
will beon display through Feb. 28. 
Jackson is one of the Bay Area's 
most accomplished abstract paint-
ers and has wo n a number of 
awards. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

MUHUm of Photosraphlc 
Arts: " Howling at the Moon: Ex-
hibitions by Keith Carter and Mario 
Cravo Neto" will be on display 
Ihrough March 20. The exhibit 
details connections between South-
ern American and Brazilian cul-
ture·.Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m . Monday through Sunday. Ad-
mission is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

Mandeville Gallery: " Mag-
dalena Abakanowicz : Recent 
Work" will be on display through 
Feb. 27. Abakanowicz is an East-
ern European artist, born in Poland 
in 1930, who has done outdoor 
sculpture for a number of sites. 
Gallery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free . Info: 534-2864. 

/~ \ a/~':lf.'\ '.: . ~/ . ~: . \~ ,"" . 'i~~ : ' • 
.' .. ' 

"Parental discretion is adviseci 
February 27 • Sunday • 8pm 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

St. $15, G.A. $20 
Fac/Staff/Sr_Cit. $18 

UCSD Box Office • 534-6467 * pr ... nled by U(SO 



HIATUS 4 

The Meat 
Puppets 

Too High To Die 
London Records 

The Phoenix-based Meat Pup-
pets is a band that has been on the 
verge of mainstream succe s for 
some time. Its 1986 album Up On 
The Sun showed the band's dis-
tinct sty le which combines the laid-
back charm of the Grateful Dead 
with the wacky vision of Captain 
Beefhearl. 

No~ that the Southwest sound 
of the Gin Blossoms, who hail 
from the Phoe nix su burb of Tempe, 
is all over album rock radio, per-
haps the time is ripe for the Meat 
Puppets. Its stellar new album Too 
High To Die, which is its second 
major label release, deserves rec-
ognit ion. 

Produced by Butthole Surfers 
guitarist Paul Leary, the album 
was recorded in Memphis, TN. 
Next to the docile, country-based 
rhythms of the Gin Blossoms, the 
Meat Puppets sound like freaked-
out desert-dwellers who have 
baked too long in the sun. 

Cris Ki rkwood fuels the band's 
sound. An underrated guitarist, 
Kirkwood can shift easily from 
playing psychedelic Grateful Dead 
jams ("Never to Be Found") and 
di stortion-heavy manifestos 
("Violet Eyes") to evoking the 
country-fried fJairofZZTop("We 

tt-
-, 

~ 
~ 

~ ,.. 
-' ~ ~E!~ 

Don't Exist"). 
The bluesy "Roof With a Hole" 

and the power chord-driven" Back-
water" also showcase Kirkwood's 
diverSe playing abilities. The Meat 
Puppets have a knack for singing 
straight-faced about the strangest 
things. "Severed Goddess Hand" 
is a charming pop track filled with 
off-beat images. 

"Shine" is perhaps the tenderest 
song the Puppets have written, but 
it is not without its sinister side. 
The image of "cobwebs on your 
halo/in the closet there are skel-
etons/lined up ready to talk" is not 
exactly comforting. Refrains like 

Hours: 

The UCSD Guardian 

MU SIC 

Courtesy 01 Michael Halsband 

"pigs are sheep and cats are dogs/ 
and thoughts are made of Lincoln 
Logs/to tend the mice and wood" 
in the song "Station" show the 
Puppets' truly odd perspective. 

The Meat Puppets recently ap-
peared with Nirvana on its "un-
plugged" MTV performance. The 
bands played "Plateau" and "Lake 
of Fire," two tracks from Meat 
Puppets II. 

"Lake of Fire" is actually in-
cluded as an unlisted track on Too 
High To Die and is yet another 
testament to the Puppets' zany, 
yet intoxicating, vision. 

-Jeff Niesel 

Thurlday, February 17,1994 

Swivel neck 
Contactor 

Con/aClor, Swivel neck 's debut 
release on the San Diego-based 
Headhunter Records (a subsidiary 
of Cargo Records) is a mostly 
pleasant mixed bag of guitar-
driven tunes. It's the kind of al- ' 
bum that makes you appreciate 
compact discs because you can 
program out the 
inevitable half-
baked, boring 
songs. 

The signing 
of this North 
County band is 
a bit of a sur-
prise because 
its live perfor-
mances have 
been qui,te lack-
luster. 
Swivel neck is 
much like 
Creedle, which 
showed little promise before its 
own Headhunter debut and has 
since honed abrilliant mix of heavy 
music, airy jazz and incessant tape 
loop freak-outs in its live perfor-
mances. 

Much of the success of the al-
bum is due to the production. Gui-
tar sketches by local guitarist Lane 
Miller comprise most of the 

album's beauty. 
Miller 's first band was Plum 

Daisy, which has become the sub-
lime Three Mile Pilot. Miller's 
psychedelic guitar sensibilities fit 
the album perfectly. 

On tracks such as "Dysfunc-
tional Superhero" and "Choda," 

Mill er' s 
guitar work 
accents and 
under -
scores the 
melodic 
drive of the 
songs. On 
m 0 r e 
straightfor-
ward and 
potentially 
monoto-
noussludge 
rockers 
such as 

"Twenty-Inch Ride," 
"Girlfriendly" and "Waco, TX," 
the guitar prevents the songs from 
becoming cliche. 

While bands such as Mud 
Honey and Soundgarden have re-
sorted to paroding rock, 
Swivel neck has thankfully not 
taken the same route. 

-0 .. 11.1 J. Hurst 

SOllletilTIes you have 
to go over there 

to get a perspective 
011 over 11crc_ 

Study Abroad with Beaver College. 
-Austria-Germany-Greece-Hungary-lreland-Mexico-United Kingdom. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-2 am Fri. & Sa t. 

OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

INFORMATIONAL MEETING 
Thursday, February 17 

I 2MEDIUM I I 
I 2-TOPPING PIZZAS I 1-TOPPING PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I ~;~:~~~T" $1699 I 

Table in Price Center Plaza: 
11:00 am - 2:00 pm 

Informational Session: 2:00 - 3:30 pm 
(in the International Center Conference Room) 

I JUST ASK SP£CIAL pI.S/1l I FOR ONLY .plUS /I.t I 
I CALL US! II I CALL US! II I 
I 4S2-UCSD • I 4S2-UCSD • . I I __ .... ony __ . • I ~roquIrOC/. Nohllld .... ony • I 
L EJIpiNo3l3·,.. • . • Q. •• --. ...... 313.,.. . . G-l. 
---________ J ____________ __ 

. ~_,-D-- ....... O"'_.CIII\'-_II2O.00. 

For more information and a free catalog, please call: 

1.800.755.5607 

Tbunclay. February 17. 1994 

Den O'BrIen MCI the rest of the Tritons bowled over Whittier. 

BASEBALL: 
Game against Point 
Lorna under protest 
Continued from pee. 16 

League rules indicate that when 
a team is on offense, its current 
pitcher may only pinch hit or pinch 
run for the designated hiner. 

Point Lorna sent up its reliever, 
Jimmy Escamilla. to pinch hit for 
shortstop Terry Magnett. Yates no-
tified the umpires of this violation 
of the rules. 

After deliberating for several 
minutes, Yates asked that the um-
pires make a decision because 
Luhrsen's arm was begiMing to 
tighten up from the cool tempera-
tures. 

sion, the teams will have to resume 
the game at Point Loma on a later 
date, with one out, nobody on base, 
and UCSD leading 6-5. 

As it went, the game was played 
on, and Escamilla was sacrificed to 
second. Jason Huntley then singled 
him in to tie the game, and advanced 
to second-base on an errant throw by 
Aguilar. 

Yates brought in Steve Height to 
intentionally walk Greg Eidson, but 
he threw a wild pitch to clean-up 
hitter Brian Monreal, Height was 
forced to walk him as well. One out 
later, Guillermo Aviles ripped a 
drive down the left-field line to score' 
Huntley and give the Crusaders a 
tentati ve 7-6 victory. 

The UCSD cu8'nuaa 

The umpires allowed Escamilla 
to hit, and be sing\ed. Yates then 
requested that the 'umpires caU 
Escamilla out, but the umpires re-
fused, and Yates filed the protest. 

"I really think I'm right. If the 
umpU:e doesn't agree, we'll defi-
nitely take our case to the league 
officials," Yates said after examin-
ing hisrulebook following the game. AOMANIA 

If Yates' protest is found to war-
rant a reversal of the umpires' deci-

UCSD's offensive problems 
were evidenced by the lack of pro-
duction from the 1-4 hitters. who 
combined to go 0 for 16. 

ETHAN BEN WINONA 
RYDER HAWKE STILLER 

REALITY 

A COMEDY ABOUT 
LOVE IN THE '90s. 

SPORTS 9 

Guardian Intell AdwrtIIIIII MillO (Gil 0pera1lvef166) 
Last weeks raid on APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE and HELL'S KITCHEN were both tactical 
successes. UCSD once again demonstrates i1s superior range of cultural diversity. This 
weeks (classified) targe1S: Unicurl (Pg.S), Miramar car Wash (p. 14), Dragon House 
(p. 14), and La Jolla Tan (Pg.3) Good luck. 



GIIo\AN OR. NO IOOTH 
stGERMAHS 

~(I)11f 
IJ'SPIZZMA 
ICNCO'S 
/WIIH'S 
\'ON'S 
IlCUR'S'tOGURT 
VwtSlBlN &AGEl 
IIGIEAR 
SOlJ» EXOiANGE 
SUBWAY 
ZEBRAcr7'( 
MlAGROIEAN 
KOAlA YOGUrT 
TACO lEU 
NEWS ETC. 
ae..NS 
UWAY 
1I08EIT0'S 
NOImf T.P. NO IOOJH 
TORREY PHS CENTER 
COMMUNICATIoNs ILDG. 
SCJIIPIIS IaRARY 
SCJIIPIIS SNACK W 
JEFF'S IUIGERS 
NIEGH8OR-sAVER 
LA COTUA ME)( FOOD 
SWENSQo.IS 
SOUPEXOWoIGE 
PORJCYl»() 
VONS 
LA JOUA IREWING CO. 
LA JOUA PU8UC U8ItARV 
DISCAfE 

~ 
7·11 IU. Il'¥t» 
lUCICY'S 
CAFE TOlWUSE 
TOGO'S 
lANZJW 
CAFE CREw. 
IONY'S 
SAM CiOODY'S 
't'ON'S 
SOUP EXOiANGE 

The Guardian Ncw~poper 
would like 10 welcome thc 

following buslncsses to our 
distTibut'on list. 

RUBIOS CIIIIoWNaCll) 
ROBDTO'S (NII.aIM) 

". UCSD G_ M • 

Clutch Play Sparks UCSD 
WT .. ICOND WItS: Tunely goals help men's lacrosse beat Chapman, SDSU 
IIJ.,..Le 
GuMIIan Reporter 

The UCSD men's lacrosse team 
started its seuon last weekend by 
coming from behind to defeat 

Chapman, 8· 
7,andSanDi· 
egoSwe,12-
II, on dra· 
matic, last· 
second goals. 

The Tri-
tons scored 
two goals in 
the final 
minute to beat 
Chapman on 
Friday. In 

their first win against San Diego 
State in five years, UCSD was down 
by four goals with four minutes left. 

"We started off the season with 
two league wins," captain Mark 
Steele said. "[Which means that) we 
are that much closer to the playoffs. 
What better way to start the sea-

\ 
\ 

IOn?" 
Despite leading Chapman 4-0 II 

half-time, the Tritons were clown 7-
6 before attack-man James Kappler 
scored to tie the game. With five 
seconds left, aItack-man Dave Pakter 
(two goals, two assists) passed to 
mid-fielder Thaddeus Reynolds, 
who sent it in for the game-winning 
score. 

"We thought we were going to 
roll over them," Steele said. "It was 
a relief that we won. We came out 
strong in the first quarter, but there 
was no follow-up." 

The win against San Diego State 
was more reWarding. The Tritons 
were losing 6-1 at the half, but the 
Aztecs were forced to play most of 
the second half with one less man 
because of penalties, and the Tri-
tons seized the opportunity. 

UCSD' soffense maintained con-
trol of the ball while an equally 
strong defense helped initiate the 
comeback. 

Addepted at 
. . 

'1'hey hIid a Joe 01 talented scor-
.ers, but we controlled them in the 
second half," Steele said. '7hey pve 
us a break and we took advantage of 
it." 

As in the game against Chapman. 
the Tritons were down by one goal 
with one minute to play. And once 
again, with fi ve seconds left, Pakter 
had control of the ball. 

He could have passed it into the 
hot hands of Kappler (two goals) or 
Reynolds (four goals). Instead, he 
shot the ball himself and scored. 

"We are an emotional team," 
Steele said. "We really wanted to 
beat this team." . 

Although the season is just two 
games old, the Tritons have already 
set their sights set on the Western 
Lacrosse League Conference cham-
pionship. 

"We are contenders," Steele said. 
"SDSU was a very talented team 
and we showed we could play with 
them." 

lnOre sC!haoIs' 
thal'l YoU "Were. 

• • 

..... 

o VIM U.II.A.. laG. 19M 

Tbunda,.. February 17. 1994 The UCSD Guudiaa 

UCSD Loses Five-Game 
Heartbreaker to La Verne 
SETBACK: In a rare chance to beat a Division ill opponent, Tritons disappoint 
ByD ... Kraft 
Staff Writer 

If you talk the talk. you had bet-
ter walk the walk. After the UCSD 
men's volleyball team lost to USC 

last weekend. 
Triton Head 
Coach Doug 
Dannevik said 
he felt like ther 
Tritons would 

:-"--4--'-...,. beat Tuesday 
night's oppo-
nentand fellow 
Di vision III 
dweller, the 
University of 
La Verne. 

So much for 
the value of one's word. UCSD (1. 
9) suffered a heartbreaJcing, five-set 

~feat at the hands of the Leopards, 
16-17,16-14,13-15,15-13,15-10. 

The Tritons turned in a solid per-
fonnance in the first game, jumping 
to a 13-6 advantage. 

La Verne stormed back to make 
a game of it, but UCSD ultimalely 
pulled out the set by the slimmest of 
margins. 

The Tritons and Leopards 
pounded kill after kill at one another 
during the second game before La 
Verne manqed to pull away, scor-
ing the final two points of the set to 
knot the match at a game apiece. 

The third game was yet another 
virtual dead beat. UCSD emerged 
from a 13-all tie to gain the victory, 
seemingly taking control of the 
match at two games to one. 

Unfortunately for UCSD, that 
glimpse of control was short-lived. 
The Tritons were unable to cage the 
Leopards. with La VernecJawingits 
way to a 12-11 lead. 

The Leopards then rallied to take 
four of the next five points, tying the 
match II two games each. 

"The fourth game was pi votaJ," 
Dannevik said. "We just were not 
able to put them away when we had 
the chance." 

In the fifth game. where rally 
&COle is used &0 that teams do not 
have to be serving to earn a point, 
the Leopards gained an early lead of 
6-3. 

Tom Bleck recorded ••••• Din ...... 32 IdIIa I" lou to lAI V ...... 

UCSD was unable to recover 
from the early deficit, with the fast-
paced rally scoring resulting in the 
quickest game of the match. The 
Leopards never looked back, finish-
ing off the set to take the match. 

"La Verne played smart." 
Dannevik said. "They went to their 
big guy in the fifth game. and we 
didn' t make the adjustment." 

The "big guy" was senior middle 
blocker Trenton Parkin, who pasted 
the Tritons for 33 kills on the 
evening. 

The Leopard's Matthew Helm 
also played a key role in the victory, 
crushing home ,25 balls. 

Junior Tom Black led the Tri-
tons' counterattack, tallying a sea-

son-high 32 kills. 
The two teams did banJe for more 

than two hours and 40 minutes in 
all, a marathon by any standards. 

Despite ~ loss, the Tritons did 
come away from the· malch having 
learned some valuable lessons. 

"Ourlevel of play was a Jot higher 
than [against USC)," Dannevik said. 
"I liJce the way we played for the 
most part. It just seemed that we 
couldn't win the big points." 

The Tritons next take on Long 
Beach State on Friday. Feb. 18. 
UCSD's next home match will take 
place on Saturday, Feb. 26 against 
crosstown rival San Diego State in 
the Main Gym. 

UCSD Beats Irvine To Open Year 
OVElMA1'CllED: Loc Nguyen leads San Diego to win in league-opener, 16-9 
IIJAronM-
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's lacrosse 
team could be one of the best-kept 
secreta on ~pus. 

What other 
team has been 
to the Final 
Four four 
years in a row? 
What other 
team is ranted 
fourth in its re-
spective con-
ference? 

UCSD (t -
O) began its 

fifth run toward a championship last 
Sunday, easily downing host UC 
Irvine, 16-9, in its first Southern 
Lacrosse Association match of the 
season. 

"We expected to win," UCSD 

Head Coach Diane Whipple said. 
"[Irvine is] much better than last 
year, but we're still much more ex-
perienced than they are, especially 
in the coaching factor." 

San Diego came out a little slug-
gish early on, letting Irvine estab-
lish a 5-4 lead after the first 10 
minutes. 

The home team's early successes 
did not last, though. Whipple n0-
ticed her squad' 5 lack of focus and 
gave them a little pep talk. 

"I told them to get their act to-
gether," Whipple said. 

Needless to say. UCSD re-
sponded quickly, wasting no time 
repining its momentum. San Di-
eao aeored eight straight goals to 
put the game out of reach. 

All-American candidate Lac 
Nguyen ·1ed San Die,o with five 
goals and two assisu. 

Jeannie Chuso also gave UCSD 
a lift, collecting three goals and as· 
sisting on four others. 

UCSD is now ranked fourth in 
California, behind Stanford Uni ver-
sify. UC Davis and UC Santa Bar-
bara. 

The rankings are based on the 
performances of teams from the 
Northern Lacrosse Association, in-
cluding Stanford and Davis, as well 
as San Diego's conference. 

After finishing in fourth place 
overall for four straight years, 
Whipple reamains confident thll her 
squad will step up to the highly-
sought after next level. 

"Our team is much better than 
last year, even though we lost two 
AlI·Americans. I think we have a 
very good chance to finish higher 
than fourth [this seuon)," Whipple 
said. 

SPORTS II 

MONTEREY 
INSTITUTE of INTE RNATIONAL ST UDIES 

SUMMER 
INTENSIVE 

LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 

June 22 - August 17,1994 
Arabic, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, 

Korean, Spanish, and English 

June 15- August 17, 1994 
Chinese, Japanese, and Russ ian 

MONTEREY INSTITIITE OF INTERNATIONAL SllJDrES 
425 Van Buren Street. Monterey, California 93940 
Telephone: (408) 647·4115 FAX: (408) 647·3534 

The Graduate School for International Careers 

Summer, SeIVe5ter, 
& Year Programs 

WII ACADUIIC CREDIT 

1-100-510-1126 
Summer Deadline 

APRilS ... 

Angers 
~Sp~I~~ 

Jo!it Oal" 

Cut 
Club 

5 e v i I I a 

UT Ind product discounts 
---~ .... -----------------I 

I 
I 
I 5'= $995 :;:3..~~5! 

I t"..... $1395 FREE SHAMPOO : 
I Q F..- with ••• rat I 

~---------------------
we ,are hQi~Iwu~'Q94 

COSTA va. CElld 8750 Genesee 517-cuTT 
.. 711ft • We accept checks • • 

1,---___ IWNAyS A GREAT HAIR DAyTII':.-_-==-..;;;;;;;;...., 

Sensiti"e, Affordable Derital Care 
Did you know ••• 

... m. pm-mtivc denral trcatmcm actually lowen the cost of your <lenral 
CIII! CMt the long term? With regular check.ups and cleanings we can catch 
.... 1iaIe prublCl\\$ before they become big ones, and prnent build-up on 
,aurllellh from caUling tilluc bmWIown and bone loss. 

So _, not takc care of your mouth at least as well as you takc care of 
,aura ... nd brine younelf in fex a check-up and ckaning ... 110 you won't 
... eoipend a IITI8I1 fortune on a new fortune on a new model in the future. 

Y. Datural smilc iI a trealUre worth protecting ... and with today's 
__ ill COIIIICtic techniques, we can even make it brighter than ever at 
IIIlniIDII apense to you. Call us today! 

LA JOlLA VIllAGE DENTAL OrnCE 
James·E. Sanford. D.D.S. 

General, Prevenrativc, and Co.mctic Services 
Mosc inM'ana acaf>Wd 0 MmIM ADA. eDA, SOCDS 

I.a Jolla ~ ~ Cenkt, ,·s. !AI .... V'" on.. 
.,.ViILa t. Jolla Dr., s..u 2J03o T .. ~. ;...r """""" EIof>I-8m 

...., &. Saturda, ~ awiJabIt 558·3490 



"~ 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\01 \C 'I-: \II-:\I:--
ATTENTION BICYCLIITII All 
c.IItDmiII vehicle codeMdlonl dollPPlY 
onCMlPUa. STOP. STOP ... Know 
where you can and can not ride. Pk:k up 
your FRfE copy of the ruin and 
regulation. at the Tran'portatlon 
AIIemaIiYea 0tIc:e (MMC 201) or the 
UCSD Police Department. OON'T 
RECEIVE A ClTATIONI (217·2/17) 

ATTENTION SKATEBOARDERII 
There Is no IIudeboardIng, rollerbladlng, 
or roIIersIcating on any of the campus 

~ or par1dng l0iii. ThIele enforced 
241n./day, 7 dayt/wMk. Know where 
you can and can not ride. Pick up your 
FREE copy of the ruI .. and regulations 
at the Tranaportdon Alternatives 0tIc:e 
(MAAC 201) or th. UCSD Polic. 
Departm.nt. DON'T RECEIVE A 
ClTAT1ON. (2/7·2/17) 

LOOKl Ev.ry Monday, Roundtabl. 
Pizza will pres.nt the UCSD 
INTRAMURAL TEAM OF THE WEEK 
in the eportI eectIon of thiI fine rag. 
AlIO, henceforth, and In addition, each 
Thursday In the HIATUS (that 's 
entertainment) section _ will list the 
movies showing at UTC and La Jolla 
Village, eM', (2/7·2/17) 

REVELLE SEMI·FORMAL! Feb. 26 
@ Sh.raton Grand. Torrey Pln.s, 
9p.m.·la.m. UCSD Box Office for $9 
tlx. (2/10·2/24) 

SId Blitz '941 February 26 at Big Bear. 
Food, transport provided, $35 at 
Information meeting 7:00 2/17 at OVL 
Sponsored byTASC. contact 558-1013. 
(211 ().2/tn 

AII·campus IIpsynch contest I 
Sponsored by ICRA. Wednesday, 
Feb. 23. 9p.m. Muir Cafeteria. Sign 
up any group or single: Call 558· 
8011 now. $100 for first place· all 
• ntrants get prizesl (2/14·2/17) 

ATTENTION : STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING Is now hiring branch 
operators for the summer of '94. Earn 
up to $15.000 and get the business 
experience of a lifetime. Call 1·fK)(). 
955· 7557. Posit ions fil ling fast 
throughout California. (1 /10·3/1 0) 

Dell Help. sandwich makers. phone help. 
Gourmet Bagger. voted San Diego's Nl 
sandwich shop. lunch hours only. 
Monday·Friday. 10:30·2:00. $5/hour 
start. good environment. 7128 Miramar 
Ad. 689-2600. (2/17·2/22) 

SKI RESORT JOBS. Up to $2.000+ in 
salary & benefits. SkilSnowboard 
instructors. lift operators. wait staff. 
chalet staff. + other positions (including 
summer) . OWr 15,000 opening • . For 
more Information call : (206) ~9 
ext. V5976. (1131 ·2/17) 

Sales·marketing; full or part time. Sports 
and nutrition related. Excellent eaming 
potential. Call Mike at 453-6029 for 
additional information. (111 ()'3Il 0) 

ATIENTION: foreign students from 
Australia. Canada. Hong Kong. Japan. 
and New Zealand. Excellent business 
opportunity In your country. For 
information cal 453-6029. Ask for Mike. 
(1/1().3Il0) 

Elvr-:GraciIaIaaMd~. 
24 hour car •• r lin •. 310·358-6257. 
National Job Search . Exciting 
Opportunities. (1/24·3/3) 

HAVASU: America'sN_ SprIng Break 
Hot Spot. lake Havasu. AZ. is throwing 
Amerlca's large.t partyl Top·nam. 
Concerts. Comedians, and Celebrities. 
"The Lake WI. Roar In '941" CAlL 1· 
800-4HAVASU. (1/27·2/17) 

Sal.s. Executive Director - .eeks 
Individual. for sales/markellng. 
Environmental Health Co. Commission. 
Patrick. 587-0623. (213-2/17) 

Foods.rvers needed for Mexican 
reataurant In Del Mar area which Is 
changing to full service. Apply in penon 
L.oe caboB 12955 EI camino Real Ste. 
G-7 San DIego92130 oppoeIt. enlrance 
toEdwardlCinema In Del Mar Highlands 
Town Center. (213-2/21) 

Wanna get paid to .hop? 1·800· 
4eo·9"'4. (2/10·2/21) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incmnenJs. The rate per 15 ~ is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for facuby and stIlff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a chedc (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hursdoy for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For mDI'f! information 
caU534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSD Guardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'{)316, Actual address,' Student Center A, top floor. 

FUN SUMMER JOB. N.eded youth 
camp coun .. lors. sklboat driver., 
IIlIIng and surfing Instructors. Hiring 
now. apply In p.rson at Mission Bay 
Sportcenter. 1010 Santa Clara Plac • • 
488· 1004. (2/7·4/14) 

SSTUDENTSS Are you 18 or older? 
Wanna earn $5OO-$6OOOImonth PT/FT. 
Available Immed. n_ to San DIego. 
Needs you 453-1585. (2/1().3I7) 

ENVIRONMENTAL CAREERS. 
GreenCorps. a national environmental 
fteId school Is hlrtngful·tlme paid staff to 
organlz.envlronmentaI campaignawlth 
country'. leading environm.ntallsts. 
Int.rVl.ws at Career Services C.nter 
2/22 . Call (310) 397·5270 .xt. 330. 
(2/14·2/21) 

Make $ and leamabouttheltDc:kmarkel. 
looking for anaggreeslve telemarketing 
Ip8CiaIiat 15-20 houraperweek.lfyou·re 
serious caR John McParian., First Wall 
Street In La Jolla at 454·3551 . Please 
call after lp.m. (2114·2117) 

Spanish speaker needed to edit on·~ne 
dictionaries for machine translation 
software. FfT. PfT available. Excell.nt 
knowledge of Spanish and English 
required. PC oornputer skills essential. 
Please send resume to: MicroTac 
Softwar • . 4655 Cass Street. Suite 214. 
San Diego. CA 92109. (2/14·2117) 

Buzz N.twork Advertis ing s •• ks 
mot ivat.d people to work in 
advertising sales for Int.rnship credit 
andlor commission . No exp.rience 
needed . just a positive altitude & 
some knowledge of San Diego li fe & 
culture. Call 234·2822. (2/1 4·2/17) 

Wanted: Tutor, math/physics. graduate 
level. for highly gifted II ·year·oId $10/ 
hr 459-0029. (2/t 4-2/24) 

Marketing Production • National 
Marketing Information Compeny seeks 
pit help. Need motivated & reliable 
individualtoberesponsibleforproducing 
information based products for our 
customers. Ught phone wortc. Som. 
computer sldlls necessary. Thl. is a 
great opportunity for Economic and 
aEDS majors to gain appIicabl. wortc 
experience. Hours available are 
Tueeday & Thunsd&y aftemoon • • and 
arl subject to change each quarter (_ 
are willing to work around your 
schedule). Weare located near campus 
In Del Mar.Wv. Sera 739-4151 . (2/17) 

Greeks! 
TIred of paying too 

much for the same old 
Greek letters? 

Gin ZETAWEAR. call! 

We olIer quality double 
salin stitching 

. at an affordable price. 
FuU service 

to your door! 

ZETAWEAR 
(619)521-8281 
(619)923-0654 

-•• iii 

AA Crul •• & Trav.1 employment 
guide. Earn big '$$ + trav.1 the 
world fre.1 (Caribbean . Europe. 
Hawai i. Allal) Hurryl Bu.y sprlngl 
summer s.alons approaching . 
Free travel club member.hipl Call 
(919) 929·4398. (2/17·4/11) 

CLERICAL Stock Brokerage 
company Is looldng for a t.mporary 
data entry .mploye. (5Owpm). and 
part tim. permanent .mployee. to 
file and m.ke packets. FI.xlble hoursl 
C.II S.undr. 587·3489. (2114·2/17) 

Wanted : Stud.nt do patio 
gardening 4 hours we.kly. $30 . 
450·9317 . (2/17 ·2/22) 

Dellverydrtvers, Gourmet Bagger. voted 
San DIego'. 11 I8ndwk:h Ihop. lunch 
only. 11·2, Monday· Friday. Must have 
carandinllnnce,ImIted_.excelent 
money. 7128 ~ Rd. 889-2800. 
(2117 '2!l2) 

Babysltt.r n •• ded. Mon. andlor 
Tu ••. All day. Hours varied . Ref. 
T.rrie, 792·8582. (2/17·2/22) 

TUTORS WANTED: SeekIng Intelligent, 
punctual and poIit • • JR + SR level tutors 
In ScIence and Math for hlgh·school 
students. for ft.xlble $10 hours phone: 
Guru 5~. (2/17) 

F4)1{ ~\LE 
Forsale. CornfortabIesofawithmatching 
glass lop table. $200. Coffee table $50. 
Call 457·3037. (2/3·2/28) 

Hey STUDENTS. for sale : Black 
computer desk w/Hutch cabinet. 
$50 you take away. Call 268·2247. 
(2/7·2/21 ) 

Mirade Thigh Firming Cream. Body 
toner with Aminophylline $24.95. To 
purchase call Monica 552·3446 today. 
(2/10·2/24) 

1486SX·25. SVGA Monitor , new 
keyboard + mouse . 4 Meg RAM. 
both floppies . 210 M.g HD. 
mod.m. Windows 3.1. DOS 6 .2, 
Word 6.0 . games. and much more . 
$1360,00 obo Brian @ 595· 7745. 
(2/10· 2/17) 

RoIIerbIades for .... 1 Women's size 7. 
Used only twicel Asking $50.00 obo. 
Call Dawn 552'()189. (2/1 ().2/17) 

invit .. you to a panel 
~non 

IIumoDizUag 
Val.e .... Career 

Expec:taIio ... : Making 
the Etbica1 Choice 

with a paMl oIldult pr~ 

lfedDe.da"Feb.23 
7·9 pm 

PliceCntlr 
..... .....,...... .... 

MacIntosh lmagewrlter printer. Great 
condition, 2 years old. $150.00 abo. 
554-0912. (2/15-2/21) 

Twin b.d and frame In .xcell.nt 
condition . 50 bucksl Call 558·7548. 
(2/14·2/17) 

Alrlln. Tlck.t for sale. $200.00 cr.dlt 
towards any de.tinatlon (Ala.kaJ 
Horizon Air) . Can Colle.n: 453· 7570. 
(2/14·2/17) 

SEX on a waterbld? Wat.rbed for 
sal •. King size. h.ater, IIght.dl 
mlrror.d headboard . $285 . 450· 
9843 . (2/14·2/17) 

SKIS: l6Ocm. poles, and bag $175. 
WIth women's 7 boots $200 obo. Karl 
454-9951 . (2/14-2/17) 

'92 VW Golf GL Excelent condition. 
Low ml. Runs perfect. $9000 obo. Mik. 
632·2275. (2/14-2/17) 

'91 Mustang 5.0 Convertibl. LX. Uk. 
new 25K miles. loaded. $11.500 abo. 
583-8482. (2/14-2/17) 

For Sale: Lots offurnitur.· Futon, sleep 
couch. dr_ and more. Reasonable. 
Call 481-1521 . (2/17·2/24) 

Where are _ going to put all of this 
beer? 15cu. ft. refrigerator, $90. Call 
Alex @ 558-2809. (2/17) 

1948VW Rabbit Convertible. AI!d. white 
top. Loc#.s and runs great. NC. 3.300 
obo. 587·9528. (2/17·3/3) 

Janet Jackson b . terrace level. 11th 
row. seats 9 and 10 $55 each. Please 
call Jeff at 558-8147. (2117·2/24) 

Plywood desk. black chair. computer 
terminal holder • good conditlonl $75 
abo. 550'()190. (2117·2/24) 

large backpack. like new. perfect for 
Europe. Blue nylon + leather. $100. 
obo. 550-0190. (2117·2/24) 

1101 ~Ii\(; 
ROOMMATE WANTED : Own room 
In condo In Solana Beach. Washerl 
dry.r. cabl • • pool. one minute to 
b.ach. No smoking. W. have two 
cats. $375/months + 1/3 utilities. 
$200 deposit. Call Aron or Lorry at 
259·9457. (1/27·2/17) 

rparis' 
$19~ 

Costa $233-
London $109-
Germany $1091 
East Coast $184-
Mexico City $ 751 

'1111 forn or< eech WfI'/ based on • roundlJlp 
purchise. taKes not Included. Somt rcstfjc· 
lion> apply. Student .totus may b< reqUired. 
..... ............ " .. , 

Council Travel 

ThurMiay, February 17,1994 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME·UCSO S1aff 
and Student DISCOUNTS. Gre.t 
financing . Near UCSD. 1.2br. 
$120.000'1+ &3brI'150,OOO+. Condos 
to Iuxuy hornea-servIng La JoIa. Unlv. 
CIty, Mira Mala. Del Mar, Pacific Bd1. 
CIaIremont. Need to SELL. _ what 11 
YEARS EXPERIENCE can dol REJMax 
AIaoc. Judith Haddox, Realtor. 819-
275-2818. (2/7.2/28) 

Rent Frea • Share 2 BD. 2 SA La JoIa 
oondo· 2 blocks from beach In exdIange 
for minimal csre of lII·poIar. diabetic 
graduate .tudenl. Seeking mature. 
responsible pereon. 458-1086. (2/7-31 
7) '-. 
Large. clean room w/connected bath 
avaIIabI.ln condo. $380 + $125 dep. + 
1/4 utII. 55&-2152. (213-3110) 

R~ssance: Roommat. WIUlted to 
share master bedroom Washer/dryer; 
gated partclng, gym, pool. fireplace. $310 
+ 1/3 utilities + depoeIt. Cal Diane 597· 
0927 or KrIsty 535·1711 . (2/3·2/28) 

Roommat.s Wanted: Nice 3 bdr. 
house in West Clalremont, 5 min. to 
UCSD, availabl. April 1 $350, fir.t & 
last. no deposit, 1/3 ulliitle • . Can 
Frank 272·0818. (2n·2/22) 

Room In PB In appt. with 2 young 
professionals. Available March " 1994. 
$385Imo. John 483-0351 . (2/1 ().2/24) 

Two people to shar. huge ma.t.r In 
Villa. of R.nals .. nce. Furnl.h.d 
except room. wash.r/dry.r. flr.place, 
jacuzzi. Available 3/17 begin paying 
4/1 . R.nt negollable. Contact Jami 
or Tara 587·8946. (2/10·2/24) 

FREE 8'x4' de.k a ... mbly. F.male 
to share with 2 females. Mast.r bedl 
bath. balcony. All amenltl.s + 
washer. dryer. fireplac • . UTC· safe 
area. Walk to Vons. $365/month. Call 
Josh 535·1276. (2/10·3/10) 

GARGANTUAN. airy room in house 
steps from Windan.... $525/mo. + 
utilities. Own let bath. deck. Uk. n_. 
Non·smoking Grad student sought; 
Available 2/1. Contact 558·0500 
between 9:30a.m. -sp.m. Ask for Kristin. 
(2/14·2/21 ) 

Roommate wanted ASAP. Own room 
and bath in townhouse near UTClVons 
area. $325/month + 1/4 utilities. Call 
Paula at 453·5354. (2110·2/21) 

Room available in large house near 
Govemor. Own room. share bath . MIF 
non·smoker $345 + 1/5 uti lities. 
Available now thru June 16. Call Alec. 
~. (2/1 4-2/17) 

2 rooms availablel Next to Vons/n.ar 
UTC. Washer/dryer. dishwasher. pool. 
own parking. $335/month + 1/4 utilities. 
Call Helgge. 457·5318 or Hunter 587· 
1755. (2115·2117) 

Renaissance: Mast.r bedroom with 
large bath . M/F. $410 + 1/3 utilities. 
pool . jacuzzi. gym, available now. 
622·0661 . (2/14·2/21) 

Apt. for rent . 2 bed. 2 beth in Villas 01 
Renasa. WID, pool. jacuzzi. good Ioc. + 
mor • • and cheap r.nt • only $9451 
mo. avail. 3/17. Call now 587·8946. 
(2/14·2/21 ) 

TAX-
Preparation 
$10 OFF for 

STUDENTS 
through Martch 15th 

Low .... f .... 
mIIn, returns 

Garth L Myres, CPA 
12'i26 Htgh Bluff Drive 

Sutle 290, 
SaflDlego 

east atl Del Mar Heights Rd., 
right at firstlighl 

Call for free lax organizer 
794-2721 

Thuraday, February 17,1994 

UNIVERSITY CITY UtI. Female 
needed for own room In nice houle. 
Patio. plano. cabl. TV, washer/dryer. 
12 mlnutl. to UCSD. No smok.r • • 
pet •• or drug. pl ..... Call Mark or 
Agn.. 534·2391 or 534·3383 
(m .... ge). (2115·2/24) 
Female roommate wanted. Share whole 
twx.. w/one ott.. Own bath. laundry. 
Near UCSD. 558-6095. (2/14-2/21) 

ROOMMATE WANTED . Hou.. In 
W.IdII-. OM! roam. 41*x::k11111 baK:h. 
AvaIl. 311 . C&l56HI784. (2I14·2Jtn 

Single room In hOUH In UnIverIIty CIty. 
S2501month. March2().AuguIt 15. Greg 
458-1322. (2/14-2/24) 

Own roomIbath In PB. Wuher/dryer + 
extral SprIng quarter only $4OOImo. + 
1/2 utilities. 272-4724. (2114·2/28) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Femal. , 
nonsrnoker. l.argemuterBOIBIIh. UTC 
area. Beautiful. brtghtapt. Wuher/dryer, 
covered parking, HCUrity, pools. gym. 
Nice roommat ... $450 + 1/3 utilities. 
deposit . 453-8141 . (2/14-2/24) 

PacItIc Beach: 2 fun but responslbl. 
roommate. wanted to shar. 3 bdrm. 1 
bath apt. 30 stepa to beach + 2 blocks to 
all poot,1aundry. $3OOI$325/mnth. All 
utilities paId.Smoking accepted. Small 
pet OK. Available 3/1. Usa Nlchole 273· 

Word proc .. llng of any kind . largl 
or .mall. Quick r.turn . 
profe •• lonal quality. Call Janet or 
Carol. 276·7382 . (1/10·3/10) 

Word PrOCllling/Typlng: Academic 
~papn,,,,,booIca,"'" 
IJI~. ' •. N:I:JnaIFIil. ..vice. MIry 
NIl 452-9439. (111~0) 

GREEI<S & CUBS. &In Il1O 12111) tor 
~ pIuI up eo _ tar W'CU cUll 
ThillnhIIIrCOllanahlgllld ..... eN 
WIIk. Cell now IIld ,..... a ... gift. 1· 
1IX).832.()52881Cl. 85. (1~ 

Word ProceIIing. OIsIertation Work. 
Application.. R.port. . Reaum6 • . 
Editing, Translation. Other oomputer 
related lobi. 459-5909. (1/24-3/10) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: 
Specialty In EATING DISOROERS. 
Individual and group therapy avalable. 
eal Cindy Ryan. 571·1432. (1/27-4/4) 

"MONEY FOR COLLEGE" $135 
million unclalmedl Scholar.hlp 
matching guaranteed I FREE bookletl 
24·hour recording. (800) 434·8015 
EXT 210. (1/31·2124) 

GREEKSI Paying too much for sam. 01' 
letters? c.tI Zetawear. W. offer quality 
double stitching and full8lVlce to your 
door. (619) 521-8281 . (217·2/17) 

7881 . (2/14-2/21) Shlpplng/Movlng? G.t your stuff 
togeth.r, we'" do 1he r •• t. 1 to 1000 

STEPS FROM WlNDANSEA BEACH. pound • . Th. Packaging Stor •. 800· 
AOornnIIIte wanted to lh8re 280. 2SA 792·2299. (2/7·2128) 
light and IJty cottage with hardwood 
floors, courtyard. Own room with bath. Plano Inatructlon given by waooate of 
laundry facilities. Non·smoking femaI. SI. Pet.rsburg. eon.ervatory. PhD 
profe •• lonal or graduate stud.nt student at UCSO. Call VERA at 450· 
preferred. $5OOImonth + $375 deposit. _0368_ . ....:.(2I_l()._2/2_4:....) _____ _ 
Available Immediately. Call Amyat55&-
0500W or 459-2596H. (2/14-2/24) Me ... . therIipeutIc, rehabilitative. 

~, IPQIIs. Mea 8IIIian wIIh .. 
MIF room mat. wanted: S345/month for ad. 45().()388, AIIIcander. (2I1().2J'24) 
own room cloeetocampus (easy bike or . 
bus ride). cabI •• own b.ahroom. washerl 
dryer. great parking. nosmokers pJeaae . 
Call Ed or Erik at 625-081 8. (2/17·2/28) 

Security! ConvenIenceI Luxury! StyIeI 
Spacious 2bd 2ba apt furnished. high 
ceilings. balcony & skylights. Pool . 
jacuzzi.l8una. racquetball. H2O + trash 
included. 5 mlnsUCSO. Avail . 3120. eal 
458-0152. 2-4 people. (2/17-313) 

Femal'- roommate w.ntd to shar. 
spacious oondo 1 mile from UCSD. $3251 
mo. + 1/3 utilities. Pool. jacuzzi. tennis 
and parking Included. Can 453-8343. 
Available March 111. (2/17·313) 

~EH\ ICE~ 
, 

PASSPORT PICTURES I Only $5.95. 
While you walt. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St. Germalns. 452·9949. (10/25-612) 

La Jolla Barbershop. Quality Bartlering. 
HaIrcuts $8.00. 459-5792. (1/3·3110) 

Los. fat without Di.tlng... Doctor 
supervised Tunday evening lecture. or 
call 452·2882. (1/3-4/8) 

ViolinNloIa Letsons . You or your 
c:NId(ran) can learn from an experieIlCed. 
profMaIonaI teacher. Now accepting 
students . all ages and levels weIcomel 
eaM Conrad 466-0525. (1/IO.3fl0) 

PARTY1 Birthday. bachelor-elt. male + 
female dancer. for your .xotlc 
entertainmentI Free gift! Ha!dbodies etc. 
270-4155. (2/14-2/17) 

GuItar'-lnll~, QrlCllfl'4lUloroll, 
begII ~ illig III advanoed. MuIicIanshIp. 
1IeoIy.~. 9v-wplaylng. 5~ 

~'*"P8I"'iC8. $lo--:n. DlMt942· 
3212. (2114-2128) 

MACINTOSH USERS: LetUlmak.you 
a copy of your hard drive data for safe 
keeping In cue of drivl failure. WI 
come to YOU. fall and cheapl SnapSofl 
259-1344. (2/14-2/17) 

BASS and "* '-One. New approaci1 . 
play any styte by earl PlIIformance 

~ c::IIm1art. 5730462. (2I1n 

Earn $100.00. SubjecIB wanted for a 
study on alcohol'. effect. If you are a 
Japan.... Chin... . or Kor.an. 
American·born mal. . call Scripps 

~ Instllutefor more 1nformaIIon. 
554-7240. (113-3/10) 

UCSD MedIcal ~ need. hulthy 
volunteer., &gil 18-50. for a 2 hour 
study about lye blinking. $10 plus 
parking will be provided. Call Deb at 
543-2314. (1/31·3/10) 

The UCSD Guardian 

MIntIan tile ....,.WS: WI you BUIlt my 
_r. __ lg8b~c.pIIs? 
(Pror...ional carpet man. 7 y .. rs 
"""101. CNer $4.000 In topofdch 
equipmft) Ma1t181N119-1319. (2I1n 

LOST·~"''''III..'''''1nIInt ClnSallly·FUllrDltMlogo. $10~. 
a..ve 534-S)5. (2I174flZ1 

PFH~O\ \I.~ 
L'OANI HAYAKAR. AIN MILIM 
SH·YAGIDUCAMAATACHASHlNU. 
ANI OHEVET OTCHA MEODI 
B'AHAVA, LEORA. (2/17) 

"")QItI"FMu.llidlXIN.~&T6, 
ap,II1l,AlW. You~nWeTIOOW .. 
IIIXlIIIII WI! L.o.e. 1hI ()j ()negII. C'Ht7) 

Chinese Summer Program 
in Beijing 

- Basic Chinese listening Ind 
speaking 

- Chinese culture. history. TalOi and 
Kunfu 

-10 daYs trawl in oilier major cities 
- 2 months $2100 .... " incIudId 

Call 338·9053 
or 291-4128 

A"" .. IIoo, mid. belorl Mlr. 15 
receive d •• 1. 

Summer Japanese Study 
lntensive S·wk program at Lewis & 
aad: College in PottIand, OR July 18-
Aug 28. Earn 12 quarter hrs. Study 
lang. ( .. I levels) & cul.un: with Japa· 
nese students on theme "Natun: & .he 
Environmenl· Three-day wilderness 
program included. Prior language 
Sludy NOT required. 
OnpeJJIpBIi S--r ......... 
222 SW Columbia, Suile 1750 
Portland. OR 97201 
Tel. (S03) 223·7938 F .. (503) 223·7946 

leI your gentleness be Jmown 10 
all men. The Lord Is al band. 

• ,."""""... 4.'1 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 

FREE PREGNANCY TESnNG 
. EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 

ABORnONT024WEEKS (General or Local Aneatheala) 

l A MESA 
I • ; 1 r I, ff 111 r f' k w y 

f f , 'II fo'li) f f () 1 

'v1ISSION vir JO 
I tl ~ () () l I f~ L III 11 d I 

1 ',.), .fo·l t f (, 

~f WPORT flEACH 
•• r ()< nlr( h <...:t 

~ : l , r 1 1, (I 1 

. tiil:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

There's still time 
to apply to 

Golden Gate University 
School of Law 

• Located in the financial/legal district of San Francisco 
• Accredited by the American Bar Association 

• Full-time day and part-time evening programs 
• Merit Tuition Scholarship Program 

• Emphases in Litigation, Environmental Law, 
International Law and Public Interest Law 

Aptf/15 ."",1utIon ".",,11,.. foI' Fall 1994 
FebruMy LSAT ecotfM accepted 

C.11415/442e30 . 
536 M .... on Street • $lin F,.ncllco 

Are you wondering what you are going b do after roo graduate? 
npOSITIONING YOURSELF ' IN 

THE MARKETPLACEU 
LECTURE SERIES 

Program 1: Health e.r. 
A panel of heollh core professionol~ will $p8Ok on how they wenl From 
college 10 Ih.ir coreer. Then _ will break inlo ~moll groups 10 onswer 
your que5lions. T ...... y, F.llrl.ry 22, 7 p. 

PrIc. (.'11' "llr ... A 

SpontoNdby ROTARACTolb 
atUCSD 

' .. 



" 

I 
I 

14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Photo cowtesy of cady/Moede 
Ian BettI!!,., (11m), Dave Edw ..... (second) and Adam Uvlnpton (fourth) led UCSD at l.ont Buch. 

UCSD Impressive at CSULB 
OPENER: San Diego surprises Long Beach State, UCLA in first meet of season 
By Dan Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

Looking 10 initiate their ride for 
a national title on a high note, the 
UCSD cycling team headed to CSV 

Long Beach 
last weekend 
for its first 
competition 
of the season. 
Bursting with 
both talent 
and experi-
ence,VCSan 
Diego raced 
to impressive 

perfonnances in the tw<KJay event, 
capturing first-place team honors 
both days. 

VCSD's team score of 242 over-
whelmed the rest ofthe field, which 
included the usual powerbouses of 
CSULB and UCLA. Long Beach 
finished a distant second with 168 
and UCLA was third with 147. 

''Ourmargin of victory and team-
work. were unprecedented for this 
early in the season," team president 
Joe Nelesen said. 

The UCSD "A" team consisted 
mostly of riders that raced at the "D" 
level last year. What a difference a 
year makes. 

Adam Livingston and Dave 
Edwards finished first and second, 
respectively, lapping the field on 
the mile course. 

On Sunday, Ian Bettinger 

notched first place, while Livingston 
captured second. 

Sterling performances were com-
mon for San Diego throughout the 
weekend. Jesse Rosen had a career 
weekend at the "C" level, finishing 
first both days. 

"0" rider Eric Leute also looked 
good, scorching the field on Sunday 
to tally a convincing victory. 

The women matched their male 
teammates with a superb ride-race 
outing of their own. 

Rachel Tobin, competing in her 
first-ever "A" race, notched a sec-
ond-place finish on Saturday. Team-
mate Rachel Kay, in only her sec-
ond competition, snagged third-
place on Sunday. 

Rugby Runs Over Bakersfield Roadrunners 
EASY WIN: UCSD scores 43 straight points to run away from Bakersfield, 50-7 
By ..... my Malamed 
Guardian Reporter 

. Every sporting team can use an 
easy win from time to time. Even 
the toughest of squads can get physi-
cally and mentally bogged down 
after a string of nail-biters. 

Coming off of a pair of tough 
contests during the last two weeks, 
an easy win is exactly what the 
UCSO rugby team received when it 
waltzed up to Cal State Bakersfield 
and stomped allover the host Road-
runners, 50-7. 

ALL-You- CAN-EAT 
DUlIN HaUSE 

BDFFET\Ol' 
~ Salad Bat • Kung PIO Chiclien 
• Chow Mtin • Balced Fish 

lIfoccoil Beef • Taco Bar 
5 ... t & SoUl Pm . Spaghetti 

• EIIII Rolli • _II .,.. 

LUNCH BUFFET 399 
llRA&aN HOUSE 

PIdftc Bach, 2662 Garnet 
t w.a WIll If 1-5 • 272-8788 
--------100/0 OFF: 

UCSD (2-1) played a bit sloppy 
in the first half, managing to accu-
mulate only a 7-0 edge at the inter-
mission. 

Early in the second half, CSU 
Bakersfield sent visiting San Diego 
a wake-up call, scoring a try to even 
the match at 7-7. 

But that was all it took for 
UCSD's offense to kick into high 
gear as San Diego rolled up 43 un-
answered points en route to their 
second win in league play. 

"We basically dominated them 

completely in every aspect of the 
game," Devon Shea said, who scored 
oneofUCSD's tries in their second 
half run. 

Junior Tim Gifford once again 
fueled the San Diego offensive ar-
senal, leading all scorers with two 
tries. 

Forwards Marie Bauet and John 
Men each contributed a try in the 
match. 

Rook.ie Paul Walk.er also played 
well for UCSO, sparking the team 
with several great runs. 

·1 
--------

I FREE I 
I .......... I 

!Topping! 
I _Il....-. I I .................. I 

L ,,111"'" • --------~ 
I 

Nol __ ..., __ . I 
-"'IIr\II"",,_~. 

L an. pol' - . ~ 31'0/84. • 
-------- ... 

Thuraday, February 17, 1994 

UCSD Takes 10th 
SAiUNG: San Diego unimpressive at Marina Del Rey 

Guardian Reporter 
Midway through his race last 

weekend, UCSD sailing team co-
captain Josh Feldman saw some-

just capsized." 

thing he never 
likes to see. 
The bottom of 
the harbor. 

"There 
were some 
tricky wind 
shifts whicti 
involved 
timed tack-
ing," sailor 
Marianne 
Hawkins said. 
"Josh ' s boat 

The Marina Del Ray South Se-
ries III and IV Regatta also got off to 
a bumpy start when UCLA host 
officials started I 0 seconds too early 
and had to call all the boats back. 

Despite overturned boats and 

false starts, the UCSD sailors fin-
ished 10th among 18 schools. 

"We were about mid-fleet over-
all," Hawkins said. "But at least we 
beat out San Diego State." 

Hawkins and Greg Korn boosted 
the team with several seventh- and 
eighth-place finishes. 

The UCSD squad performed ad· 
mirably despite the heavy condi-
tions. often keeping an eye on the 
water for sudden changes in wind 
direction. 

San Diego sailed without its top 
weapon. Olympic champion Giselle 
Camet. She will return when UCSD 
hosts the South Series V and VI 
races next weekend. 

"By hosting, we're familiar with 
all the conditions," Hawkins said. 
"Plus, we have an advantage in the 
lighter winds." 

After the Series V and VI Re-
gatta, the UCSD Sailing Team hopes 
to qualify for the Pacific Coast 
Championships held later this year. 

Skiers Dominate Mammoth 
PRE-REGIONALS: UCSD sits in top five overall 
By Travis Bone 
Guardian Reporter 

When the UCSD ski team mem-
bers arri ved at the Mammoth Moun-
tain Lodge last Thursday night, a 
fresh layer of new powder greeted 
them for Saturday's Southern Cali-
fornia Ski Conference meet. Need-
less to say, San Diego took full 
advantage of the conditions. 

The UCSD women began the 
first set of races with the Slalom and 
finished in third place overall. 
Soraya Haeri led San Diego, fol-
lowed by Charlee McCullough. 

The men took to the Slalom 

SVEN: The lame 
should be recognized 
ContInued from pace 18 
man out! He needs one more point 
and he sits him on the pine! Now the 
Lalcers travel to Phoenix, where 
Worthy will no doubt score his point 
in front of an unappreciative Suns 
crowd. Well done, Randy. 

The Mark Eaton Wasted-Use-
Of-Space Award - It is rare that 
an entire team is honored for an 
individual award, but these guys 
must be given due recognition. 

course next, and thanks to Stephan 
Mueller, who finished third, the men 
also captured third place. Team-
mates Kevin Bates was close be-
hind, along with J.T. Reedy. 

In the Giant Slalom, Mueller 
again led the UCSD men with a 
third-place finish, while Bates and 
Reedy ended up among tbe top 15 
placers. Their efforts· gave San Di-
ego a fourth-place in the event. 

"We're doing very well so far 
and we' ve got a great team this 
year," team member Stacy Mullins 
said. "We're looking forward to 
regionals." 

No, not the Dallas Mavericks. 
The winner is that prideless 
group from Minnesota, the 
Timberwolves. Unenviably, they 
have lost to the pitiful Maver-
ickI' four times this season. Dal-
las has only won six games all 
year. Wow. 

Magic Johnson recently said 
that the NBA is getting worse, that 
there's not the same level of talent 
as when he use to play. Who cares? 
If there wasn't bad, we wouldn't 
be able to appreciate good. All 
hail the 12th man! 

GuardW,n Sports. We good? I 
MIRAMA~ ... 
CAR WASH 

5716 Miramar Road, San ·Diego 
behind the Unocnl 76 station 

Mon.-Sat. 8-6 • 455-1120 
105 

• MIra_II • . 

• 

15 
• 

Thunday, February 17,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Sports Trivia Extravaganza! 

Aula Ind Rigul.tlona: 
- Send your entry on an 8 1/2" by 

11"sheeto1 paperalongwHhyourname, 
year In school, college you attend at 
UCSD, major and phone number to: 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 9500 
Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla. CA 92093-
0316. Oryou can drop It off In the Letters 
box in the front of lIle Guardian office, 
located on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center. 

- The entry with the most correct 
answers, as determined by ludges, will 
be declared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz an-
swers are printed the following week. In 
the event of a tie, a drawing will be held 
to determine a winner. A maximum of 15 
correct entries not selected as lIle grand 
prize winner will be considered runners-
up. 

- The grand prize winner will re-
ceive a free dinner for two at BJ's Chi-
cago Pizzeria. Runners-up will receive a 
free pHcher of Anstel Ught beer. or socia, 
at BJ's, located In La Jolla Village Square. 
A list of all winners will be posted at BJ's 
each week and winne rs need to show 
Identification to claim prizes. 

- UCSD students, staff and faculty 
are eligible to enter, except for Guardian 
staff members and employees 01 BJ's 
Chicago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass produced entries will be accepted. 
Entries must be at the Guardian office by 
noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within two 
weeks of winner's posting, after which 
the prize is forfeited. 

This Week's Questions: 
1. Who is the only American to win 
a medal in cross-country skiing? 
1. What NBA player recently turned 
down a nine-year, $90 million con-
tract? 
3. Which three San Diego Padres 
have won baseball's Cy Young 
award? 
4, Who was this year's NBA AII-
Star game MVP? 
S, What man became the first Olym-
pian ever to win two consecutive 
medals in men's single luge? 
6, Which ACC team swept this 
year's season series against Duke? 
7. What is the mascotofthe Oniver-
sity of Richmond basketball team? 
8. Who is the winningest coach in 
NHL history? 
9. Before Tommy Moe, who was 
the last American to win an Olym-
pic gold medal in the downhill? 
10. What UCSO baseball player's 
grand slam catapulted the Tritons to 
a win over Whittier College this 
year? 

------

Last Week's Answers: 
• I, Who was the MVP of this 
year' s Pro Bowl? Andre Rison 
• 2, What country did the United 
States defeat in 1980 to win the gold 
medal in hockey? Finland 
• 3. Where were the 1968 Winter 
Olympics held? Grenoble, France 

.4. Who are the starting guards for 
the Eastern conference in the NBA 
All-Star game? 

B.J. Armstrong & Kenny 
Anderson 
• 5. What aged PGA golfer tri-
umphedinlastweek'sAT&TPebble 
Beach National Pro-Am? 

Johnny Miller 
• 6, Where is the new spring train-
ing home of the San Diego Padres? 

Peoria, AZ 
• 7. What Norris Trophy winner 
was a member of the U.S. Olympic 
hockey team? Chris Chelios 
• 8. Who is the defending cham-
pion in the NBA Slam Dunk con-
test? Harold Miner 
.9. What boxer recently handed 
Julio Cesar Chavez his first defeat? 

Frankie Randall 
• 10, Who leads the UCSD men's 
volleyball team in kills so far this 
season? Steve Kremser 

Tbls Week's Winners: 
• Grand Prize 
Isaac Sun, Sr., Cognitive Science 
• Runners-Up 
Samuel Chu, Sr., Molecular Bio. 
Zander Collier ro, Sr., Economics 
Vadim Fanous, Sr., Chem.lBiochem. 
David Footlick, Sr., Poli. Sci .• 
Matt Ringer. Sr., Chern. Eng. 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 
Greg Zolotar, Sr., Sociology 

Tritons Finish Second at Tourney 
GOLF: UCSD strong at San Bernardino despite competing without top two players . 
By Aron Miller campus to take midterms. Never- Dale Abraham paced the Tritons, 
Associate Sports Editor theless, VCSD managed to finish a shooting a career-best one-under-

A team competing without its surprising second in the tourney par 71 , which included nine birdies, 
top two players usually has a tough behind the host Coyotes. and was good enough for third place. 
time finding a way to win. Just ask Both Hartford and Black were Number-five man Alex Behrend 
the UCSD golf team. told by their Political Science pro- shot an impressive 72, including four 

The Tritons took part in the Cal fessor that if they didn' t take the birdies and an eagle, giving him 
State San Bernardino Tournament midtenn, they would fail the class. fourth place overall. 
at EI Rancho Verde Country Club "[UCSDisin] Divisionill,where Brian Walter finished third for 
Monday without their two best per- academics come first," UCSD Head UCSO with a 76 and was followed 
formers, freshman Mike Hartford Coach Mike Wydra said. "Vnfortu- by Brock Shafer, Rob Brannen and 
and number-two man Tom Black, nately, it may have cost us the Steve Lynn. who shot 78, 79 and 80, 

.-both of whom were forced to stay on match." respecti vely. 

,------------------------, o UNITEDWAY/CHAD I 
LJnIIiIIdWMI It J,.IirJ.r O(,(t t!le J~t lir all 01 fd I 

ds.,~ca.riY 

Ever Driven 
by someone 
that you ... 
WaotTo 

Meet? 
Now, as an Auto Dates 
member you will join the 
statewide singles club on 
the roadway. 
First 200 Memberships 

FREE with this ad! 
For Info & Application : 
674-HONK ext. 3 

SPORTS 15 

EST FOOD IN LA JOLLA 
Chef Pierre Lustrat 

Long and highly praised by Eleanor Widmer 

Evenings at LA JOLLA SPICE COMPANY 
5737 La Jolla Blvd. 456-2272 

This ad placed as public service by UCSD professor. 

FREE ELECTROLYS 
"Free consultation n initIIl treetmlllt 15 min. $25 willi. Fim4imI clienta only. 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 
Chin 
Undere r m. 
Br e .. t 
Stomech 
Bikini Li ne 
Finger. 
Leg o 

• American Medical Allociation 
approved method. for problem 
cases and sensitive .kin 

• Medical and cOlmetic e1ectroly.i. 
for men and women 

• Fema.le. etaff, etate.ucenaed~'~ 
technlclane P!-' 

"'~ 
La Jolla Villaga Profassional Center 

behind Elephant Ba r 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 558-0888 

L........,; __ ruEXANoER'S ELECTROLYSIS 

I 
I 
I 
I 

for just $17900 ! 
I 

Call San Diego Optometry 571·2081 I 
The CODtact Leu Doctors I 

4646 CORVO", St., Suite lOS in Kearny Mesa I 
.:::r==::-..!,-==-~rrog~:-"":: I L ____________________ ~ 

1111 U'-,/J \} 

Students Who Care Can Help 
Please Complete and Clip This Coupon 

Volunteer because you care! Call 498-2 121 and your talents and interests 
will be matched with a San Diego non-profit organization. 

Donations may be made by completing this fonn and returning with your 
check Imoney order, payable to United Way. 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT COLLEGE PIZZA Be PITCHER NlGm 
Name: 
Address: 
City/StatefZip: 

Please retum this coupon to the UCSD Registrar's Office. 301 UClrlOO21 

"J've learned tluJt if you ClJre, it shows. " - Brown, H. Jackson, Jr. . 
L~ _______________________ ~ 

Alll0-oz. Microbrewed beers 
$1. after 7 pm 
~1Jel'-4ll $1 been are JNt tbe __ 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(1ft. 1 pm) 

4475 MJasiOD Blvd •. 

$5 each 
; eon. of ..... GuMt .. s..r.-!~ • 'ree pukbta offllonWed 

. 274-ALES 

• 

-

. ... 



I . 

, . 

16 SPORTS 

ARON 

MII.l.EH 
Bow Down 
To the End 
Of the Bench 

The NBA All-Star game has 
come and gone, and with it the 
first half of the 1993-94 year. 

Scottie Pippen captured the 
MVP honors, and really good 
players dunked and passed 
behind their backs and made 
shots from far away. Nothing 
we haven' t seen before. 

But about the lame guys? 
The guys who went fishing or 
bowling or sat on the couch 
cursing their fellow players? 

In honor of the Sven Naters, 
Greg Kites and Tree Rollins of 
the world, here are the mid-
season NBA accolades for the 
not-so-recognized. 

The Paul Mokeski Big, 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 17, 1994 

Slow, White Guy A ward - In 
this day and age, the clumsy 
white man has practically 
become an endangered species. 
Oh for the days of Chuck 
Nevitt jumping up and down at 
the end of the Laker bench, 
showing off his numerous 
championship rings. 

Dan McOowelI/Gu.WIan 
RIChl ftelder Bobby Arban stretches out for an attempt at a miraculous catch acalnat Whittier Collece. UCSD won the came, 15-5. 

A few beauties do remain, 
though. The winner, in a word 
- goof. His name is Gheorge 
Muresan, he's 7'7" tall, weighs 
a lot and is a goof. Big? Slow? 
White? He's your man. 

The Gene Shue Coach-With-
The-Least-Amount-Of-Brains 
Award - They say that college 
ball is a coach's game, while 
the NBA is where the players 
take over. While icons like Pat 
Riley, Don Nelson and Lenny 
Wilkens disprove that theory, 
wannabies like Randy Pfund 
make one wonder. 

Sure, the Laker roster is 
packed with players who still 
wear diapers and whine about 
playing time and the like, bur' 
Pfund would have found a way 
to screw things up for the 
Dream Team. "Gee, maybe we 
should have started that George 
Lynch guy earlier. And maybe 
I should design an offense. 
And, oh, maybe I'm just kinda 
dumb." 

Not only that, but Pfund 
lacks class. Take two nights 
ago. James Worthy needs one 
more measly point to reach the 
16,OOO-point plateau. The 
Lakers are down by 10 with 
two minutes left and the only 
thing the Forum crowd is 
waiting around to see is if 
Worthy gets the bucket. What 
does Pfund do? He takes the m 

See SYEN, Page 14 

Whittier starter Brandon Boettner 
(0-2) to open the first. After Quandt 
stole second, Chris Miyake chopped 
an RBI-single up the middle, ex-
tending his school-record hitting 
streak to 21 games. He would later 
score on catcher Al Delfavero's 
sacrifice fly. 

The game, however, wasn't de-
cided until the bottom of the sixth 
when the Tritons, leading 3-0, tagged 
the Poet pitching staff for 10 runs on 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
... ' ........... 1: 

FrI., Feb. 18, at UC Santa Cruz, 7:30 p.m. 
Sat .• Feb. 19. at Bethany College, 7:30 p.m. 

W __ '.~ 
FrI., Feb. 18, at Occidental College, 7:30 p.m . 

........ 1: 
Fri .-Sun., Feb. 18-20, CSU San Bernardino Tournament. 

•• I.IIIC"~ 
Today-Sun., Feb. 17-20, PCSCs at Las Vegas 

.... '.V ••• ,..I: 
FrI., Feb. 18, at Cal State Long Beach, 7:30 p.m. 

10 hits. 
DelFavero and Dan O'Brien 

started the assault with base hits off 
reliever Tim Willeford. With one 
out and two on, Bobby Arban 
blooped a single into centerfield, 
scoring DelFavero. Armando 
Sanchez and Jason Aguilar both fol-
lowed with run-scoring singles to 
boost the lead to 6-0. 

One out later, Miyake reached 
on a walk to load the bases. Craig 

Birk. UCSD' s powerful, left-handed 
designated hitter, put the game out 
of reach with a monstrous grand 
slam blast down the right field line. 
DelFavero, O'Brien, Ricky Ramirez 
and Bobby Aaban added run-scor-
ing hits, giving UCSD a comfort-
able 13-0 lead. 

Starter Ryan Flanagan was nearly 
flawless, pitching six innings of two-
hit ball. The only trouble he faced 
came in the third, when he worked 

Buu Aaron knocked in two runs 
with a double, and later scored on a 
wild pitch, giving UCSD a 6-3 lead 
and knocking DePerro out of the 
game. 

Hartmann was relieved after six 
innings by Kurt Luhrsen (I-I), who 
gave up single runs in the seventh 
and eighth innings. 

But in the bottom of the ninth a 
controversial line-up change brought 
the game's final outcome into dis-
pute. 

See BASEBAU., Page 9 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANDECDOTES 

In 1889, Andrew Kirkaldy could have killed himself(luring the British 
Open. 

On the 14th hole of the prestigious tournament, Kirkaldy had a one inch 
putt to tap in. He whiffed it, setting a record for missing the shortest putt in 
golf history. He ended up losing the tournament by one stroke. 

After his one-handed stab failed to touch the ball, Kirkaldy felt like 
digging his own grave. 

"If the hole were big enough, I'd bury myself in it," the golfer 
exclaimed. 


