
ELSEWHERE 

C ...... CI ..... 
or_CompI .... 
DAVIS -11ie ASUCD 
Elections Committee cleared 
all overspending charges 
against Executive Council 
members-elect Hooshie 
Broomand, Adam Young and 
Nicole Humphrey. Executive 
Council member Jessica Stom 
had filed three separate 
complaints against the 
incoming members, saying 
that they had committed 
campaign violations by not 
making claims on some 
expenditures which would 
have propelled them above 
the $100 limit. 

Council Addr_ 
In-Hou .. CrillcIsnI 
SAN DIEGO - Associated 
Students council members at 
San Diego State University 
are considering an action to 
censure the A.S. elections 
coordinator for writing a 
letter that criticized the 
council's current structure. In 
his letter, Election Coordina-
tor'Clint Marsh said that the 
representation of the council 
did not reflect the student 
body fairly. Specifically, 
Marsh said it was unfair to 
give seats to special-interest 
groups, such as the Women's 
Resource Center, when the 
Interfraternity Council had 
been denied a seat. Marsh's 
letter may have violated a 
council bylaw which states 
that the election coordinator 
must remain neutral in all 
A.S. matters. 

Chancellor TMId. 
Criticism of UCD 
DAVIS - Acting Chancellor 
Larry Vanderhoef spoke to 
Davis' Acldemic Senate, 
focusing upon criticisms of the 
university resulting from the 
ongoing budget crisis. 
Vanderhoef said that the 
university must address these 
attacks by focusing the campus 
community on improving 
conditions for the future. 

INDEX 

LIST 
HIATUS: Schindler's 
Ust is a powerful film 
about the Holocaust H1 

SPOIITS: Men's' 
basketball destroyed the 
Whittier Poets 14 

INSIDE 

UCSD BRIEFS ............................ 2 
CALVIN IIIOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
CIASSIFIEDS ........................... 10 
PORTS ....... .... ..... ....... .... ........ 14 

, 

UCSANDIEGO 

UC Grapples 
With Future 
Fee Policy 
FUNDING: Critics contend that 
university is relying too much on 
fees to balance its budget 
ByD .. Kra .... 
Senior Staff Writer 

As the state economy worsens, the Univer-
sity of California is being weaned from the 
support of taxpayers and forced to depend on 
student fees. With this in mind, the UC Board 
of Regents is preparing to discuss a long-term 
student fee policy at its Jan. 20-21 meeting at 
UCLA. 

University Spokesman Mike Lassiter said 
..that because of the drop in state funding to the 
UC system, administrators will attempt to 
clarify to students what costs are involved in 
tuition and what they can expect from finan-
cial aid. 

"It's a way to package it more clearly for 
[current and prospective students]," Lassirersaid 

A::cording to Lassiter, the "reality of a lack 
of state funding" means that famil ies that can 
afford to pay more will most likely be asked to 
do so. At the same time, he said, the amount of 
financial aid going to needy students will be 
increased. 

"Basically, it can be boiled down to a high-
fee, high-aid proposal," said University of 
California Student Association (UCSA) Field 
Representative Donny Emerick. The univer-
sity will continue to raise student fees to cover 
expenditures while relying on financial aid to 
maintain accessibility, he added. 

"Basically, [the UC] is putting a policy in 
place to do what they've been doing anyway," 
Emerick said. Students can expect fees to go 
up another $600 this year, he added. 

UC Berkeley Physics Professor Emeritus 
Charles Schwartz, an outspoken critic of the 
university, said the proposed policy is simply a 
university attempt to justify skyrocketing fees. 

"[The proposed policy] makes higher fees 
sound like a progressive thing, but the ques-
tion is, what happens to everyone else?" 
Schwartz said. 

According to critics, the proposed policy is 
troublesome because it depends primarily on 
financial aid to maintain accessibility. In the 
past, they say, the financial aid program has 
been inadequate. 

"The notion that the regents will provide 
adequate financial aid is baloney," Schwartz 

See POUCY, Pa~e 6 

H • u c s D 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 6,1994 VOLUME 81, ISSUE 2 

SPINNING A PLATTER 
Stuv,. DJ. KSDT, letS relldy to bnNHIcat yet another record over the airwaves. 
KSDT, the student-run radio station, broadcats dally out on the Hump at noon. 

Constitutional Convention Underway 
By Alexander Thiesen 
Staff Writer 

Fulfilling a campaign promise to revise the 
way in which the Associated Students oper-
ates, the A.S. Council is holding a constitu-
tional convention amid criticisms of conven-
tion protocol. 

Very few members of the A.S. Council 
would dispute the fact that the current consti-
tution is an' inefficient, confusing document. 

"[t's ridiculous. It contradicts itself every 
other sentence," said A.S. President Carla 
Tesak. "We want to get a functioning consti-
tution." Last spring, Tesak ran on a campaign 
slate which promised to draw up a new, more 
workable constitution. 

On Monday night, the council failed to 
meet the required 25-person quorum needed 
to debate the new constitution, forcing the 
meeting to adjourn early. The next meeting 
will be held Monday, Jan. 10. 

The convention was called during the sev-
enth week of Fall Quarter to revise the current 
constitution, which was originally ratified in 
1978 and then amended beyond recognition 
over the years. 

According to the bylaws of the constitu-
tional convention, the committee will only 
review and ratify proposed constitutions that 
were submitted, and not draft a new one itsel f. 
The only submitted constitution was drawn 

See A.S., Page 6 

UCSD Theatre. Benefactor Dies at 102 

IInhItIIIty file PIIoeD 
..... W .. , • pMron of 
100 ........ , dledlMt week. 

PLAYHOUSE: Weiss 
remembered as key 
contributor to local arts 
ByK ..... C ...... 
Senior Starr Writer 

Funeral services for Mandell 
Weiss, a Rumanian immigrant and 
Qne-time penniless actor who be-
came one of San Diego's leading 
theatrical benefactors, were held 
last Sunday. Weiss, who died the 
morning of Dec. 29 in his San 

Diego home, was 102. 
"Mandell is really deeply 

missed by everyone here at the 
playhouse," said La Jolla Play-
house Managing DirectorTerence 
Dwyer. "He was probably the most 
kind-spirited and generous .man 
we've ever met." 

One of the founding investors 
in the now-popUlar discount stores 
FedMartandthePriceClub. Weiss 
played a key role in establishing 
UCSDas one of the United States' 
major regionalthealre centers. 

In 1981 , Weiss initiated a new 
era for theatre at UCSD with a 
$1 .14 million contribution to build 
new theatrical facilities. Shared 
by UCSD's Department of The-
atre and the La Jolla Playhouse. 
the Mandell Weiss Theatre began 
operation in 1983. 

The Weiss Forum Theatre, the 
second of the performing arts fa-
cilities', was made po sible in 1988 
by a SI.3 million grant from Weiss. 
who had tipulated that he would 

See WEISS, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

New Book Explores 
History of University 
UCSD: Author spent five years interviewing 
founders, delving into archives to complete work 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

Many books have been written 
at UCSD, but very few have been 
written about UCSD. An Improb-
able Velllure, A History of the 
University oj California, Sail Di-
ego , was recently published by the 
UCSJ) Press and claims to have 

"The university survived its 
angst-ridden beginning and came 
of age in a dramatic and often 
difficult era in California educa-
tion .... And despite it you-th, or 
perhaps because of it, with its prize-
winning faculty and grant-rich 
budget, it illustrates better than 
most why the Ameri'can research 

the distinction of 
being the first com-
prehensive history 
of the university. 

Nancy Scott 
Anderson, author 
of the book, was 
commissioned to 
chronicle the his-
tory ofUCSD after 
she was selected by 
a university com-
mittee to undertake 
(he project in 1988. 
Anderson said that 
she may have been 
chosen because her 
first book, The 
Generals: Ulysses 
S. Grallt and Rob-
ert E. Lee, was 
well-received by 
critics and because 

"The university 
survived 
Its angst-rldden 
beginnings and 
came of age In 
a dramatic and 
often difficult 

several of the com- . era In California 
mittee mem bers 
had read the work. education .... 

And despite 
Its youth, 

committee mem- or perhaps 
bers because I had because of It, 
no connection with 

Anderson also said 
she thought she 
was "appealing to 

the university." 
An Improbable 

Venture traces the 
history of UCSD 
back to the days 
when Scripps Insti-
tution ofOceanog-
raphy was admit-
ted to the Univer-
sity of California 
system in 191 2. 
These bare begin-
nings as a marine 
research station 
gave the future uni-
versity some of its 
founding prin -
ciples. In her book, 
Anderson writes 
that Scripps and 

• later UCSD w.ere 
founded and built 

with Ita 
prlz.wlnnlng 
faculty and 
grant ..... 
budget, 
It Illustrat .. 
better than 
most why 
the AmerIcan 
r .... rch 
university 
Is emulated 
around the 
world and both 
celebrated and 
criticized 

around individuals, 
not specific disci- at home." 

university is emu-
lated around thl:: 
world and both cel-
ebrated and criti-
cized at home," 
Anderson wrote. 

Founders of the 
university sought 
to bring in the most 
distinguished fac-
ulty possible. Be-
cause UCSD was 
founded in 1959as 
an institution dedi-
cated to teaching 
the sciences, fa-
mou s sc ientists 
were first invited 
to joi n the univer-
sity. 

"The bravery 
and freedom of 
members of the 
science depart-
ments [was re-
markable] . They 
left well-respected 
universities; it was 
a great gamble," 
Anderson said. 

These founding 
faculty members 
may have been one 
of UCSD's great-
est assets. "These 
were world-known 
and respected in-
dividuals. [They] 
brought money 
and graduate stu-
dents with them," 
Anderson added. 

In her book , 
Anderson de-
scribed the found-
ing members as 
adventurers and 
unconventional 
thinkers who, at 
UCSD, were bet-
ter able to exercise 
the strong views 
that many of them 
held regarding 
their disciplines. 
At the new univer-

plinesortraditional 
departments. For 
this unique reason, 

-Nancy Scott Anderson, sity, they were 

Anderson concluded, UCSD has 
been able to achieve internation-
ally recognized academic success 
in a short amount of time. 

Author freed from the con-
straints and tradi-

tions of older universities. 
In addition to the many inter-

views with UCSD's founders 
See BOOK, Page 7 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 6, 1~4 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN Ie HOBBES by BilI Watterson 

BRIEFLY ••• 

I\'r.·S COt.l\l,lmNG 
~\)\ c. \I)\: . 

tIlC~E\)t~L~ , 
PEOI't.E NEYER 

E~I'KT 'R> GE:T 
1m '/'1 1m A. 

S~DW~lL 
IK nit \\I:>IJS£. 

Student Regent to Visit Campus 
In conjunction with a meeting of the University of 

California Student ASSociation (UCSA) to be held at 
UCSD this weekend, Student Regent Darby Morrisroe 
will visit the campus. Morrisroe, a student at UC Davis, 
announced that she will meet with UCSD students on 
Friday from 12-1 p.m. in the Cove Room of the Price 
Center. ' 

• As you know, the next few weeks are critical and 
it is imperative that we have as many active and 
informed students as possible, · said Morrisroe, 
adding that she will discuss current regents ' issues 
and offer tips on how to lobby the Board of Regents. 

On Monday, Gov. Pete Wilson is scheduled to 
release his budget proposal for the coming fiscal year, 
while the regents are scheduled to meet on Jan. 20 In 
Los Angeles to discuss the university's long-term fee 
policy and the 1994-95 budget. 

The UCSA will discuss the long-term fee policy at 
this weekend's meeting at UCSD, Morrisroe said. In 
addition, the UCSA will select the finalists for next 
year's student regent this weekend. 

Gilman DrlYe On-Ramp Will Clo .. 
For a Month ae,lnnI", Monday 

Beginning Monday, the California Department of 
Transportation (Caitrans) will close the Gilman Drive 
on-ramp to southbound Interstate 5. The ramp will 

remain closed until Thursday, Feb. 18, 1994. 
Motorists are advised to use the La Jolla Village 

Drive or Nobel Drive on-ramps to southbound 1-5 while 
the Gilman Drive ramp is shut down. 

According to Caitrans, the ramp wiil be closed to 
complete a project involving the construction of an 
auxiliary lane and installation of a ramp-metering 
system. The project is expected to be completed 
sometime in the spring of 1994. 

Port.'. Pub Adds Patio, Opens 
For Lunch ServIce TIll. Quarter 

Porter's Pub, the olH:ampus pub which opened its 
doors a year ago, announced that it will be expanding 
its services this quarter. The pub will now be open 
during lunCh, beginning at 11:30 a.m. 

In addition, Porter's has opened an outdoor patio 
area where patrons can eat. Because of university 
regulations, beer will only be served and consumed 
inside the pub. 

According to Manager Rob Porter, a graduate of 
Fifth College, the pub was able to expand its sevices 
because of recent renovations to its kitchen and the 
addition of the patio. _ 

With the expansion, Porter's Pub can now be 
considered a restaurant, making it easier to apply for 
a license to serve wine, Porter said. 

Gurian News Wrimrs' Meeting 
For New !nd Returning Writers. There's only one "t" in mandatory . 

To.il~t • 5 p.m. • T~e Guardian Office 

RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL IUCKENMEYER, DBsl", Editor 

ELAINE CAMUSO, Associate News Editor 
DAVID CHO, Photo Editor 

BRIAN K. HUTTO, Spotts Editor 
PHIUP MICHAILI, News Editor 

MON M1LUR, Associate Sports Editor 
." HIllEL, Hiatus Editor 

.lONNA PALMER, .vsoclete News Editor 
YMOV ZOLOTORIV, Associate Photo Editor 

DIIIIIaI: WIIaon CheunC. Brenna Latham . lII\an Lee. Marcus LoIlbIa 
~ R_ C....-. Timothy Chili. Jason CUIfIII. Dan 
~H, JIMn Rltcllie. I*1ny R_III. Amy ZIOt 
COPY ..,......s.r.tI Fernald. Non MIller. Sara Rudolph. Jenny Wrenn 
nPIIT:nm Un 
IDIT1IIlIAL .-rUT: Karen Chenl ADVDnltUI .u.lTMT: T •• Eoif' 
ClllCUl.ATICNI .u.lTMT: HUCII Pwldn. C .... StOllIe 

_ DeAlilDRIA, Buslneg M.""fIf' 
MICIIAIL FOUUCI, AdwIrtlsl", Man ... r 
... IlARTlNIZ, AdwIrtla/n6 0...,., 

... IOYO_, C/aum.d RepresentlltivfI 

BlIC SCHMIDT, Editor in Chief 
'AION 1IITCIt .. Production M.""fIf' 

DOW ALIX.INDIR, OpInion Editor 
IIIMNON ILIIIIOI, COI1I EdItor 

IIJIIOIIITAI'I' WIIIlIIII: Ben Bo,dIuk. ~n Chene. Francisco o.YrIeS, Ben 
Freund. Jenny GaIq. 08)Ie Jo/IntOn, DIn ~ •• Ken PefIman, 0e¥III S-, 
Care lkIell, GNtI wrenn 
ITAPI' WIIIlDIl Erin AncInon, Shannon 1Iradr. o.bra 1IIonsIeIn. JolIn GodINy. 

EdItOrIal: 5~. Bus,,- 0fIIce: 5U34ee. Fa: 534-78111 
UCSD a".nIIan, 9100 callman Drive 03:1.8, 

La .101 .. , CA 92013-03:1.8 DIn H.w. . ... 1 .... Jecobe, EIIl JoII_ ......... MoorIIIr. Jenn.,., NIaoII. Jell ~. E~I. RItu S-, ........ SInaI. -..-TII ...... 
IU.UInIA • MICIII CIOft, NIIIIan r.tIn, RaIl' 1lIIO, DoIIIInIo LOIIIIIa, AI SpofC. 
JalalI ThomcIIoII, .... WIlIer 

,AcII.-I ____ Aoor. UCID Student c.- ........ ~. 

------ --~-~~----------------.---------- - -

... y 

.-

Thunday, January 6,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Professor Publishes New Suicide Data 
1TA1IS1ICI: New 
report claims that many 
suicides are misclassified 
By EIIubeth Mackenzie 
Guardian Reporter 

The number of suicides re-
poned each year may be inaccu-
rate, according to a recently pub-
lished study co-authored by a 
UCSD sociology professor and a 
undergraduate. 

The study, which was con-
ducted by Professor David P. 
Phillips and Muir College senior 
Todd E_ Ruth, showed that many 
suicides are incorrectly classified 
as accidental deaths, such as drug 
overdoses and traffic accidents. 
As a result, the -number of official 
suicides could be drastically lower 
than the actual number. 

The findings in the study are a 
likely explanation for the low num-
ber of reported suicides among 
blacks and females. Phillips and 
Ruth believe that suicides among 
blacks could be underreponed by 
as much as I S percent and as much 
as six percent among females. Sui-
cides among these two groups "are 
more likely to be put into other 
categories, which are not being 
called suic'ides" according to 
Phillips. 

The study, which was published 
in the winter issue of Suicide and 
Life-Threatening Behavior, the 
journal of the American ASsocia-

TIm Chen/au.dan 
SocIolotlY Profeaor David 
PhlUlpe believes that the 
IIUIIIber of Hlel .... could be 
drntlcelly underreportecl-

tion of Suicidology, hinged upon 
suicide studies previously under-
taken by Phillips. 

These showed that the number 
of suicides among all groups in 
society tend to peak at symoboJic 
ages. most notably those ending in 
zero. such as 30, 40, 50. 60 and so 
on. 

Other causes of death, such as 
drug overdoses. single-carcrashes 
and pedestrian deaths showed 
peaks at similar ages. This study 
was the first of its kind to show 
that pedestrian deaths and deaths 
categorized as unknown or unde-
fi,!ed diseases may actually be 
suicides. 

Phillips said that suicide rates 
increase at symbolic ages because 
people tend to reassess their 

progress and position in life at 
these ages. Hopelessness and de-
pression, which can lead to sui-
cide, often set in if they feel that 
they have failed their families or 
themselves. 

The study's most important re-
sult could be its impact on whether 
people continue to accept the lower 
suicide rates of blacks and women. 

Suicide expens saw these totals 
as an anomaly because both blacks 
and females, by most standards, 
have suffered more adversity. 

Before the study, the conven-
tional explanation for the I{\wer 
suicide rates among females and 
blacks was that are more integrated 
in society, an explanation with 
which both Phillips and Ruth dis-
agree. 

"Undercounting seems to make 
a lot more sense" in explaining the 
discrepancies in suicide rates, Ruth 
said. 

According to Phillips and Ruth, 
the new findings may make it in-
advisable' to use official suicide 
data to test scientific theories about 
suicide unless undercounting is 
taken into consideration. 

The study also suggests that if 
the underreponing of suicide is 
really greater for blacks and fe-
males, it may be necessary to 
modify our understanding of the 
factors which protect against or 
predispose people to suicide. This 
is the fourth studr co-published 
by Phillips and Ruth. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN - READ - RECYCLE I 
~. :.~ : .. '."" ." 

\ " > ~. 

IN T E I~N AT ION A L "> \ S ' T ')' ~ L T l~ : 
'. 

\ l; ( \ ,\ :\ [) I j' l '; ~ ) i 

1994 SAN DIEGO FILM FESTIVAL 
All SAN DIEGO PREMIERES' All PROGRAMS SUBJECT TO CHANGE 

JANUARY 31: MAYA 
12: BLINK by Kctan Mehta (India) 

by Michael Apted (in person) (USA) 
13: BLUE 

by K. Kieslowski (France) 
15: (NDIEN 

by Paul Harather (Austria) 
18: MIROSLAVA 

by Alejandro Pelayo (Mexico) 
20: STELLA POLARIS 

by Knut Erik Jensen (Norway) 
25: CALENDAR 

by Atom Egoyan (Armenia) 

FEBRUARY 
1: ROMEO IS BLEEDING 

by Peter Medak (USA) 
4 : SOPYONJE 

by 1m KawOll-Taek (Korea) 
,8: OUR TWISTED HERO 
by Park Chong-won (Korea) 

11: MARRIAGE STORY 
by Kim Ui-sik (Korea. 

15: FIRST LOVE 
by Lee Nyung-ue (Korea) 
22: SAVAGE NIGHTS 
by Cyril Collard (France) 

MARCH 
1: SHADOWS OF LOVE 

by Chrtstof Vontel' 
(Switzerland) 

8. SOUTHERN WINDS 
(1'hIIIIf*-. Japan. 'IlWIMd 

• MalayU) 
29: QyAIUlER MOZART 

by ,ean-PiC!fft Bekolo (Cameroon) 

APRIL 
5: TH E MAo YEARS 

KPBS Documentary (USA) 
12: GAlAXIES 

ARE COLLIDING 
by John Ryman (In penon) (USA) 

15: RUDAALI 
by Kalpani La;mi (India) 

19: BEIJING BASTARDS 
by Zhang Yuan (China)' 

26: THIS WONT HURT A BIT 
by Chris Kennedy (Australia) 

MAY 
3: A SHORT NIGHT 
Films by Jim Jarmusch, 

Daryl Hannah and more .. . 
10: UNE NOUVELLE VIE 
by Olivier AS!lByas (France) 

·17: THE SCARLET FLOWER 
by V. Crammattkov (Ru!IIIia) 

22: THE GRAY WOLF 
by Igor Costev (RUJaia) 

24: RED BEADS 
by He YI (China) 

31: TOUT f;,A POUR f;,A 
by aaude LeLouch (France) 

8:00 PM IN UCSD'S 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

PASSES: GA 145, STUDENT SlS 
TICKETS: GA 16. STUDENTS ... 

UCSD Box 0Ilce: 5M-6t61 

UCSO'S UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE" DEPAIlTMENT OF VISUAL ARTS 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROLUNG.: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

eO/fIJI(b/a !!ellT Rw/e«l 
I Serving the UCSD pre-medlcal community since 1986 
* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-F'UTURE * 

·INTENSIYE MCAT preparulion & medical school application! 
admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program laught by UCSD-truined 
academic M.D.'s, lOp M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Department 
faculty. 

• THE QRIGINATOR of inlensive MCAT prep in San Diego, 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

tesling, problem solving. reading/writing workshops, review groups. 
med school application & admissions strutegies. & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides. MCAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT -quality timed pmctice e)lams. 

• REAl. MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TUTORING, pre-med library & med school app,licnt!on 
• WWER romoN than other courses. 

APPLY NOW! 

~LUNCH&i 
I R DINNER I I (With pwdwc of one appetizer 53 .50 .) Lesser enoie &te. I 
I Tn our large portions of chicken, filet mip'on or &csh arch of the cby I alI c1urbroiled on a skcwn and served WIth basmati ricc_ Also cnOOK I &0111 our famous ycgearian dishes or one of our authentic steY-os. I 
I Dinc·in orders only tl !T~ LUNCH I Comboa excluded .! l\A ~c.J. l"u'r 11 :30 am·3 pm 
: 

Ofkr expires . _ $5.95 '$7.95: 
1/31/94 DINNER 

3pm·lOpm I so;:=u~~ mswr:m;IN! 58.50·$15.95 I 
L. _6;! !::~S':'.~~1::!~~6_.J 

2r/. DISCOllt 
ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 

II ~ Master Mechanics ~ .xclullYeIy vw and AUDI ... 
5820 Autoport Mall • 450-9494 
Air • W..., Cooled • M8InIInanc:e Sen1ceI. Air ConcIItIonIna • TunHIpI 
Rebuilt Engines • Gas • DIeIeI • EIectrI.ceI • Clutct. • IIr8T!ea • v .... 

&oc:afecI1n 1M AutopoIt Mal ..... 
Neltf Door to Oitcount r". 

---._--- ... 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltorlalBoatrJ 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BlEDSOE. Copy Editor 
PHIlIP MIatAElS. News Editor 

DOUG AlEXANDER. Opinion Editor 
The IJCSD au_II pubII_ brice e _ III U. u.-.IIy at Cellfomie. sen DietO. COnIents 

01993. ~.IIPf8Med ........ ~ u. ~ "'* at u. _eI _. end ... not 
_ I)' thole of !he UC _ oIl101prU . ... ASUCSO. nor !he entile Guan1ian stMf. 

Rebellion In Mexico 
The rebellion in the southern Mexican state of Chjapas 

caught many by surprise. The indigenous guerillas - the 
Zapatisa National Liberation Army - have taken control of 
eight towns in the southern state. Since fighting broke out 
between the rebels and the Mexican anny on Jan. I, fatalities 
have exceeded 100. By their well-executed operations, the 
insurgents appear very organized. In Mexico, such activity 
seems an aberration. 

Except for limited left-wing guerilla movement in the '70s, 
Mexico has long been considered an island of stability in a 
region wracked by military governments, harsh repression and 
violent waves of political uprising. Since the revolution of 1917, 
elections have been maintained, uninterrupted, every six years. 

However, in these 70 years of "democratic elections," the 
Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRJ) has remained unchal-
lenged. Despite the facade of democracy, Mexico is an authori-
tarian regime. During Presidential and legislative elections, 
stories of "disappearances" and intimidation are not unknown to 
Mexicans. Nor is election fraud. 

Within such a closed system, politics have not been particu-
larly reactive to popular preferences, the rural poor in particular. 
Although President Salinas has promised to "democratize" the 
system and has made real efforts at social refonn, the politics 
remain undemocratic and largely geared toward the elite. In this 
respect, the insurrection in Chiapas - the poorest state in 
Mexico - should not be surprising. 

The emergence of weU-organizcd, indigenous guerillas is 
dramatic testimony that change is desperately needed. In a 
communique released to the press, the guerillas demanded better 
liv_ing conditions, democracy and an end to the PRI sttangle-
hold These demands are reasonable, even if the means are not. 
A peace should be reached and grievances addressed before the 
situation escalates further. 

In the context of democratic reform, the Mexican govern-
ment needs address the gross inequalities of wealth and opportu-
nity in Mexico. Land refonn would be highly beneficial to the 
rural poor. Freeing unions would help the plight of urban 
workers. And a wage policy could help alleviate both political 
and social strain. 

As for the United States - with its well-known influence 
over the International Monetary Fund (IMP) - it must be more 
tolerant of unorthodox economic approaches to the unique and 
serious problems facing Mexico. The austerity programs of the 
'80s have been unnecessarily harsh. In the long-term, such 
measures, in conjunction with PRI complacency and domi-
nance, may prove to sink Mexico into the status quo of Latin 
American instability. 

Student Regent at UCSD 
It was quite a sight last year when then-Student Regent Alex 

Wong came to visit UCSO to hear the concerns of students 
about the rising cost of education. There was Wong, doing his 
best job to serve the students of the University of California, 
while only two dozen or so of the approximately 14,000 
undergraduates at UCSO ~ to show up. By UCSO's 
standards, this was a record turnout 

On Friday, Student Regent Darby Morrisroe will visit UCSD 
to meet with students from 12-1 p.m. in the Price Center's Cove 
Room. Morrisroe's visit could not come at a more critical time 
for students concerned with the Stale of the univmity. Fees are 
el(pected to rise again next year. The UC;s financial aid poUcy 
is an incoherent mess. Moo: and IDOI'C qualificd students are 
being shut out of a quality education. On a Board of Regents 
clogged with backs, know-OOChings and political peons, 
Morrisroe is the one voice Ibat SlUdents have. But she can't be 
an effective voice if students stay away from the meeting in 
droves. 

II is imperative for as many UCSD students as humanly 
pauible 10 meet with Morrisroe on Friday. Those that don't 
aJy have nOright to complain about the wretched &We of 
IIqs 1IIYJIIOIe. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 6,1994 

PINION 

THAT DIRTY LITTLE WAR 
COMMENTARY: After a decade of denial, documents show that the Reagan and 
Bush administrations were knowingly training and supporting 'death squads' 
By Dou8 Alexander 
Opinion Editor . 

Warispeace, freedom is slavery. Perhaps nowhere has 
this cruel logic hit harderi .. recent years than EI Salvador. 
In the past decade, some 75,00> Salvadorans were sacri-
ficed at the alter in the good fight for peace and freedom 
- the global baaJe against communism. Behind these 10 
years of atrocity, behind the ·'death squads," was the 
enormous finance and training - totalling over four 
billion dollars - provided by tile United States govern-

every man, woman and child in town was massacred and 
. buried under the clay-red earth. Hundreds of bodies have 
been exhumed. 

As Howard Lane, the public affairs officer in the 
American Embassy from 1981-82, recently told the New 
Yo,ur, "There was nosecret about who was doing the 
Ic.illing. .. ) mean. you formed that view within 48 hours 
after ani ving in the country, and there was no secret at all 
about ii-except, maybe, in the White House."This was 
precisely what the Truth Commission established. The 

ment. 
From the "human rights-centered" 

Caneradministration to the rabidlychau-
vinistic Reagan era to that of Bush, aid 
and military training poured down on the 
military junta during the '80s. And it is 
now reported that, as late as 1991, more 
than a triclc.Je made it to civiliall elites 
gung-ho on smashing some reds - or ' 
any reasonable facsimile. 

Although human rights organizations 
have been telling this story for years -
thal the U.S.-supported military and gov-
ernment was doing tile great majority of 
the Ic.illing and more than a few people in 
the U.S. government were aware of this 
- it has only recently been aclc.nowl-
edged by tile mainstream press. With the 
release of the United Nations Tnith Re-
port, in early 1992 and Clinton's 
declassification of several Centra1IJteI-
ligence Agency (CIA), State Depart-
ment and Defense Department docu-
ments in November of last year, these 
facts are nearly indisputable. 

The U.N. Truth Report was set as a 
requirement of the Peace Accords in 
1992. The reponconcluded that the gov-
ernment, not the FMLN or unaffiliated 
rightists, was responsible for an esti-
mated 9().~ pen:ent of Idllings during 
tile 12-year civil war. This has flown in 
the face amendonaI State DepIttment 
and Whille House "wisdom" dill the 
murders were committed by the extreme 

Alex. .... Hal. teatltled 
before 
CongrMs that 
the four 
murdered 
AIJIerIc. nuns 
.. ...., ... v. 
b.en runnl .... 
ro .......... "OI' 
that the,. 
.. ....,hav. 
b.en .. 
.x ..... of 
fire." Such 
crnlcl .... w_ 
COIIIIIIOII. 

names of the battalions. the names of top 
officers. 

Documents released by the Clinton 
administration last November have pr0-
vided "solid evidence" that U.S. govern· 
ment agencies (e.g. the CIA and State and 
Defense Departments) as well as fonner 
Presidents Reagan and Bush knew that 
the Salvadoran government was leading 
death squads. Thesedocumentsprovide a 
lucidexJX* of the White House'sdecep-
don of Congress, intended to keep green-
baclc.s flying into the soudlland to crush 
"communist insurgenls." . . 

With allihis infonnation released, it' 5 
especially disturbing to read the "ofticiaI 
line" on atrocities which clrc:uIIfed dur-
ingthisperiod.Panicularlyshoctingwere 
somecommentswhichfo1loMdthewell-
publicized murders eX me four American 
religious workers in 1980. As described 
by Raymond Bonner in WeakMss and 
Deceir. 

"In the crude grave. stacked on top of 
eacholherwere the bodies offourwomen. 
The first hauled out of me hole was Jean ~ 
Donovan... Her face had been blown-
away by ahigh calibre bulletthithad been 
fired tIwoogh her skull. Her J81IS were 
unzipped; her Wlderwear twisted around 
her anIc.Ies ... Then came Dorthy Kazel... at 
the boaom of the pit \\'tR: .. Ita Ford, 40, 
and Mwn CIarte, 49 ..• ThepelSlllfS who 
found them said thM one had her under-
pants stuffed in hermouth; another's had 

right IOd left, IOd the militlly junta was in the middle, 
doina its belt to baIInce a fncile siblation. 

been tied over her eyes. All had been raped. " 

Despite IIIOUIIIains eX compelling evidence to the 
COIIInry. the U.S. pas took tile "officiar' line and ran 
willi it One only needed to Iisaen to AIdIbishop RomerO 
- hIrdIy • rIdicaI- before he was murdered. to know 
who waf behind the auns chat leveled EI Mozote, whm 

Two weeks after these ~ U.N. ambassador 
Jeanne KirtpIIric:k IIIIeIIed the pemmer_ was not 
I'eIpOI1Iible. "I'he IIUIII were not juII ...... " she said, "the 
runs were potitic:aIlCdviICL " \Vdb equall.'OII1J8ISion. 
Sea'dIry fI SIIIIe AIwnder lllialeldtied bem COIl-

See SALVADOR, Pace 5 

Tbunday, January 6,1994 The UCSD CuardiaD OPINION 5 

SALVADOR: 
Violence continues 
after peace accords 
gress that tile "nura may have been 
running a roadblock" and that there 
"may have been 111 exchange of fR." 

A FREUDIAN ANALYSIS OF PACKAGING 
COMMENTARY: Each time we open a package, we relive the primal consumer joy of our youth 

Such cruelty and cynicism were 
not an uncommon facet of U.S. for-
eign policy in EI Salvador. Of course. 
IIIOSl murders of Salvadorans didn't 
warranlme same aaention as me four 
nuns, Archbishop Romero or - ulti-
mately - tile massacre at EI Mozote 
did. The others were invisible, statis-
tics of the ''ullra-right and ultra-left," 
which me jlDa was trying desper-
ately to keep under COIlIIOI. 

Not surprisingly, a fun investiga-
tiOllOfU .S. govemmentcomplicity in 
the aimes of EI Salvador has been 
called for by some members of Con-
gress. Others hAve pushed for an in-
vestigation of allegations of peljury 
by Reagan administration officials for 
holding releVanl information from 
Congress. It' sunlikely tbcsecalls will 
go anywhere. Most want to cast those 
''bad days" behind them and flush it 
all down tile memory hole. 

However, for the people ofEl Sal-
vador, the scars won't wash away so 
easily. Although U.S. funds have fi-
nally dried up, the killing is not over. 
Since the peace was made between 
thegovel1lllmand the guerillas, over 
30 FMLN leaders and activists have 
been assassinared by a resurgent right. 
The glimmer of hope - and anxiety 
- is the March election, which will 
"clean house," bringing all elected 
positions in the stale up to popular 
vote. It is unclearwhetberEi Salvador 
will escape the nightmare or slip back 
again into darlmess. One can only 
hope. 

By D8ntturst 
COIItrlbutlrw Opinion 

Recerily, I've begun to analyze 
the reality and effects of consumer-
ism and noticed a strange fondness 
for packaging amongst my fellow 
humans, a fondness that Freud would 
find somewhat amusing. According 
to Freud, primal experiences- those 
we have during fOl1lllllive years -
affect us for the rest of our lives. In 
that spirit, I offer a theory about Freud 
and packaging I espoused at a recent 
ChristmIs family get-together. 

Two beers westofsobriety ,acousin 
cornered me as I tossed my Heineken 
botde into the ~c1ing bin: 

"Daniel - what do you recycle 
wrapping paper as? Is it regular pa-
peI1" 

"I don't use wrapping paper so I 
don't have to recycle il" 

"Yeah - but it's recyclable, 
rightT 

"Vb - sort of." 
" ... 1" 
"Technically it's mixed paper, but 

there's very little mixed paper recy-
cling going on since one of the major 
companies headquartered in Grunge 
County wenl out of business. Recy-
cling centers may take it but they 
either throw it away or themselves 
haye it taken away. This dimimshes 
me aroountthey kickback to the cities 
for which they do curoside recycling. 
That means many cities that use 
cwtside recycling programs actually 
lose money when people throw wrap-
ping paper and cereal boxes and stuff 
like that in. Most recycling centers 
don't even take mixed paper. It's all 

pretty screwed." 
She smiled. So thal' s why t#reycalJ 

him a prog~ssi~ nihilist. 
But she hadn't heard anything yet. 
Two beers west of drunkenness,) 

found myself on another rhetorical 
tangent: my so-called Freudian analy-
sis of packaging .... 

"So, Daniel-do you bother wrap-
ping presents at all?" 

"Well. like I said, I don't use ~ 
ping paper. BII a couple of years ago 
) started my own private landfill in tile 
bac1c.seat of my bUCk where I tossed 
all the excess packaging from my 
stupid purchases. When Christmas 
rolled around, I dug up a few Taco 
Bell bags from the baclc.seat and stuffed 
the presents ) was giving that year 
inside - napkins, plastic sporks, hot 
sauce packets and all. After stapling 
the bags shut, ) came downstairs to the 
familial gift exclUmge. Everyone 
rippedopentheirbags-mysistergot 
the Three Mile Pilot CD, bro got Die 
Kreuz:en. dad got I forget. and mom 
got a framed photo of me with a Goofy 
Ic.iteanda big grin when I was like two. 
Pretty good shil . 

"But no one smiled. They smiled 
while ripping open all the junk Santa 
had brought - all the boxes wrapped 
in green, red and blue paper. Paper that 
serves no other purpose than impeding 
opening proc::eduIes slightly and is land-
fill fodder thereafter. It then clicked. ) 
knew what Freud would have said ) 
knew why peop1e love paclc.aging ... 
whyoursociety.ourlandfins, our trash 
cans are filled with trash. 

"Primalexperiences,thosewehave 
at a young age, affect us our entire 

lives. Kill the father, marry the 
mother ... etc. What are the happiest 
times of the year for children? Birth-
day and Christmas. We can hardly 
tinkle before bedtime on Christmas 
Eve because of that overpowering 
adrenal Santa Claus expectation. 
Somehow we make it. We walc.e up 
early, wake our hung-over parents 
and rush downstairs. Rip the wrap-
ping paper off. get dad to malc.e the 
Big Wheel pronto so we can catch 
some spin-oulS before breakgfast (and 
church). We IoVwt presents. 

"Then we get older. More patient. 
We decide to smote dope instead of 
popping a cap into dad, we date some-
one who looks and acts like our moth-
ers. But we still love presents. 

"In fact, we love everything new. 
We can' t wait to rip the packaging off 
a new computer, a new stereo .. . or 
open a new package of lined paper. 
It's not just the thing itself which 
excites us. Candy bar waxed paper, 

burri~ wrapped in foil, bottles of 
Pledge - these all hurtle us through 
the psychoanalytic spiral toward plea-
sure. Packaging gives us pleasure be-
cause it helps us relive our youth. We 
relive Christmas every time we shed 
the long-box from a C.D." 

So what am ) saying? Well, maybe 
you-tomorrow'sSantaClausessoon 
to be fetching the items on your 
children's Christmas lists from a de-
partment store mall - should think 
twice. It's too late for us, probably. But 
maybe if we stuff this year' s Cabbage 
Patch Ninja TwtJe.Nintendo cartridge 
inside a greasy bag that formerly held 
a Seven Layer Burrito, our children 

might not get the same primal joy out 
of removing packaging. They might 
staJt to see the whole enterprise -
ChriStmas - as a farce which fills 
landfills and oppresses peasants (and 
parents who can' t afford this year' s 
talking B8IbielG.1. Joe doll). 

Or better yet, let· s tell our kids 
what Christmas is ~ally all about: the 
birth of the guy who put "love your 
neighbor" and "the person without sin 
can cast the first SlOne·' into existence. 
Do you think Christ, knowing that lhe 
cattle crop that feeds America con-
sumes more than China and India, 
would have consumed red meat? Do 
you think he'd have been stoked that 
his main reason for living was 10 give 
reason for the best month of the year 
for capitalism? I find it highly, sickly 
ironic that we' re supposedly celebrat-
ing the "happiest time of the year" by 
COINImingso voraciously. Ouistlived 
simply - simpler than many of his 
day. He held for a collective, social 
community without fiscal distinctions. 
But every little girl and boy knows 
that whoever scores the best presents 
is obviously loved the most. Christ-
mas 1993? What a farce. 

But we shoukln' t resign ourselves 
totally. Maybe, if we try hard enough, 
we can psychologically damage our 
Ic.ids so much by dissing Christmas 
that they' ll cut the average pound of 
trash per Californian (number one on 
the planet) in half to five pounds in-
stead of 10. Or maybe they'll cut it 
more. r d like that. I'll even baby sit 
your kids to help that cause. Maybe 
they' ll even help file kick the Taco 
Bell habit. Maybe. 

KAPLAN MeAT Test-Prep: 

~. 

• 

The "CHOICE" for over a quarter million PreMeds 

Compare for Yourself .•. 

• Test-based prep with comprehensive content review workshops .. ...... .. .... ............ 

• Study materials & curriculum matched to the MeAT content outline ... ............. ... 

• Training Library with over 3,600 practice questions and explanations ... ...... ........ 

• Convenient training library - UCSD Undergraduate Library (play back center) ... 
• Personal tutoring at 110 additional cost ............................. .. ..... .... .... .. ....... .... .. .. .. .... 

• Prepping PreMeds for the MeAT since 1958 ........................................ .. ....... ....... . 

• Full-time national research staff .................... ................................ ....... .. .... ........ .. .. 

• Flexible class schedules; easy make-ups; on campus classes! (MTF #273) .......... 
• Vid R' .. dd" I· I 1 eo eVlew senes 10 a loon to lve c asses ............. .... .. ... ................................ 
• Four simulated tests with individual computer-analyzed print-outs ...................... 
.. , Detailed analysis of answer choices for released AAMC materials .. ..................... 

• Nearby center open days, evenings, and weekends ............... ................... .............. 

• Fully indexed and bound Home Study Kit ............................ ................................. 

KAPLAN 
nw ..... rto the .... q ..... on. 

277-6744 
4780 Clalremont M_ Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92117 

KAPLAN P C 
$775 $895 $595 

• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 
• 0 0 

~.~~. 
Students 

Organizatio~s & 
Leadership 
Opportunities 

H 
$745 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 -
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

-



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 6,1994 

POLICY: UC ........... -=-'t "The fee policy has some effect A.S.: Convention whole conflict of interest idea," on [mi~ty enrollment]," Endres Councilmembers saw some 
examines fees, pr ••• " ........ said. underway amid flaws in the convention process. "I 
financial aid of ..... In the Emerick and Endres said that criticisms think there might be some disap-

.... tenI." the proposed policy does not ad- pointment nobody in the public ContInued from ..... 1 dress the issue of affordability. ContInued from ,... 1 has taken time to put one [consti-
said. -Donny EIMrIok, Instead of depending on a shaky up over the summer by A.S. Di- tution] together," said A.S. Vice 

Based on research conducted UCSA Reid Representative financial aid program, they said, rector of Development Wally President Nick Endres. "I don't 
for his eighth report on the UC the university should concentrate Lockwood and Commissioner of think people were really notified . .. 
budget. Schwartz said the proposed availability and advertising of fi - on making the cost of education Academic Affairs David Valen- It's a disappointment:~ 
policy "appears to be a program nancia! aid must increase at UC or affordable to stan with. tine. Tesak agreed that the lack of 
destined to fail." The key prob- access to the university will be- One reason that education isn't "We looked at each of the UCs student input was disappointing. 
lem, he said, is that the UC admin- come severely limited. affordable is that the UC budget and to many other universities ... "The fact that the only proposed 
istration has not offered any guar- "I see [the proposed fee policy] is based on what it will spend [Inook] over 100 hours to create," constitution came from the A.S. is 
anlee that adequate financial 'aid as a move not only to privatize, but rather than how much money it Lockwood said. :00 surprise because most students 
will be provided. to gentrify," said Schwartz. "The will receive, Emerick said. Be- ! Criticism has come from some are apathetic toward this sort of 

"We're not convinced that the university will find itself not able cause the university is currently i students who were concerned that thing," she said. 
UC is committed to providing fi- to maintain even a modicum of relying mostly on student fees to the only submitted proposal came "I don' t think there should be 
nancial aid," reiterated Associated financial aid. It will become an- close the gap on budget short- from the A.S. itself and that a large any criticism," saidA.S. VicePresi-
Students Vice President External other Harvard or Stanford type of falls, there is no incentive to con- portion of A.S. members and af- dent Administrative John Barnes. 
Nick Endres. Many students have school." tain costs, and fees will continue filiates are on the board. Siamak "The people who [criticizeJ are re-
been able to stay in school simply According to Lassiter, how- to rise, he added. Malek, who served as A.S. Vice ally insulting the members of the 
because the university has given ever, statistics from the Office of Students should shoulder a fair President External for the 1991- constitutional convention, because 
them more opportunities to work, the President indicate that finan- share of the burden, said Emerick, 92 academic year, was one of the they're saying that [the membersl 
not because it has increased the cial aid has been effecti ve in main- adding that it is unfair for students more vocal critics of convention do not have the intelligence to con-
actual amount of grant money, taining access to the UC schools. to be the only source of revenue procedure. sider this in a rational manner." 
Endres added. Endres conceded that financial for the UC. ' 'The A.S. Council controls the The voting members of the con-

As an example of a better pro- aid has helped to keep very poor "High fees can't preserve the structure and the operating proce- vention consists of up to three del-
posal, Endres cited Michigan State students in school, but he added goals of access in the long term," dures of the convention, which is egates from each -college, 10 del-
University, where fees are high, that enrollment of students from Emerick said. supposed to redesign the structure egates from the A.S. Council and 
but the administration has made a middle- and low-income families The UCSA will discuss its po- of the A.S., so much so that the 50 delegates from the student body 
solid promise to maintain adequate has been declining. In addition, he sitionon the university 's long-term chair of the convention is also the at large. Only 52 ofthese positions 
aid to students in need. added, enrollment of certain eth- fee policy during a meeting this vice president of the A.S.," Malek have been filled, and two conven-

Endres said that grant money, nic minorities is dropping. weekend at UCSD. said. "Maybe I'm unclear on this tion members resigned recently. 

Buya Macintosh now and YOU can 
organize your time, strai . ten out your 

finances or go complei)' .. c. 

killlclb IC 5315. 
"."., ApJ*CD'" PJI aMOM OriN, 

Ioi¥* x.,oo..nlll" --

M4cbtlOl6 QutM'" 610.-w. 
illl'" ApfW(I) j(XJI (l)./lOM OriN, AP 
14" DiIpIay. ""'* IbtI-w ~ 11.l1li __ 

Now, when you buy a qualifying Macintosh" or Pt1.verBool( compute~ }OO 
also get seven popular software progrdIllS. All for one low prire. There are 
programs to help }OO manage }Ulir money, schedule }OOI' time and enter-
tain }OOI' friends. (The software alone has a combined SRP of $596~) And, 

with the new Apple Computer Loan, }OO coold qualify for low monthly· . 
payments. Not to mention the fact that }W'll be getting the power of a 
Macintosh or~. It does more. It am~. Its that 

•• Visit your Apple Campus Reseller for more infonnation. 

Thur,day, January 6, 1994 

Library Special Collections 
Expands its Evening Hours 
EXHIBIT: Library 
department houses over 
100,000 manuscripts 
ByK.renW ..... 
Guardian Repotter 

ucse students will have 
an even greater opportunity to 
see such rarities as Dr. Seuss ' 
original sketches and first draft 
wrttlngs now that the 
Mandeville Department of 
Special Collections at the Cen-
(ral Library has expanded its 
hours . 

Featuring over 100,000 vol-
umes and fiv~ million manu-
scri pts in its collection, the de-
partment is now open Monday 
through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 
p.m. and on Saturday from 10 
a.m. to I p.m. On Jan. 3, the 
department extended its hours 
on Wednesday nights to 9 p.m. 

The library added the extra 
hours to encourage greater use 
of the special collections, ac-
cording to Lynda Claassen, bead 
of the Mandeville Department 
of Special Collections. 

f..ocat~ in the West Wing on 
the first floor of the Central Li-
brary, the collection houses 
much more than just the col-
lected works of Theodore 
Geisel, the late San Diego resi-
dent best known as Dr. Seuss. 

Highlights of the collection 
also include the lab books of 
Nobel Prize winners 10nas 
Salk, Harold Urey and Maria 
Mayer. 

The Special Collections in-
cludes the UCSD archives, 
which features photographs, 
films and documents from the 
early years of the university. 

The department also houses 
major exhibits on Pacific Sea 
Voyages until 1850, the history 
of Baja California, the Spanish 
Civil War, American poetry 
published since 1945, 20th cen-
tury science and public policy 
and 19th century California. 

Considered by many to be a 
premiere location for gathering 
primary research materials such 
as journals, diaries, personal let-
ters and papers, the special col-
lection stores its pieces in acid-
free folders and boxes in a tem-
perature and humidity controlled 
climate. 

"Even if it sounds intimidat-
ing, I hope students take the 
opportunity to look through and 
enjoy all the material .we have 
here," Claassen said. 

Materials can be examined 
by any UCSD student or anyone 
over the age of 18. Items housed 
in the collection are listed in the 
ROGER and MEL VYLcatalogs 
at the library. 

The UCSD Guardian 

WEISS: Theatre 
namesake will be 
missed by many 
Continued from pace 1 
grant the donation if construction 
of the theatre were completed in 
his Ii felime. 

The Forum Theatre opened its 
doors two years ago, when Weiss 
was 100. 

"His generosity embodied the 
heart and soul of the La 10lla Play-
house," Dwyer said. "He believed 
deeply in theatre and in the plhy-
house." 

The youngest of six children, 
Weiss was first introduced to the 
theatre during his childhood years 
in New York. He and his family 
then moved west, and after study-

BOOK: Author 
interviewed UCSD's 
founders 
ContInued from pap 2 
which she conducted, Anderson 
spent countless hours in the uni-
versity archives. 

"The archives were in bad con-
dition," she said. However, the 
chancellor's office was very help-
ful, according to Anderson, who 
added that the office allowed her 
to access the most confidential 
materials for her research. 

In terms of constructive criti-
cism, though, Chancellor Rich-
ard Atkinson was somewhat elu-
sive. In the preface to her book, 

ing economics, journalism and 
drama at the University of Or-
egon, Weiss performed with the 
Portland Theatre. Afterserving as 
an instructor in the Ordinance 
Corps during World War I, he 
moved south to San Diego, where 
he opened his own business, Globe 
Jewelers. 

His attorney, Sol Price, later 
persuaded him and 10 other inves-
tors to contribute $5,000 each to 
open a San Diego ~iscount store 
- FedMart, and in 1975, Weiss 
became a founder and leading in-
vestor in the Price Club. He spent 
most of his multi-million dollar 
investments on his first love -the 
theatre. 

According to Dwyer, Weiss 
was known to attend every open-
ing night for both the La Jolla 

Anderson writes , "[AtkinsonJ 
frustrated me beyond words by 
refusing even to look atcompleted 
chapters. 

"Initially it confused me be-
cause I wanted to know what was 
expected," she later explained. 

Anderson also remarked, how-
ever, that it was quite admirable of 
Atkinson to decline her offers to 
read the book. "He did not want it 
to be tainted ... he insisted ... that it 
was my book," said An~rson . 

The author said that Atkinson 's 
policy of non-interference made 
things a great deal easier for her in 
the long run. 

"The process generates its own 
energy, [you become] jealous of 
it, you want to protect it," she 

NEWS 7 

Playhouse and UCSD productions, 
serving as "the biggest fan and the 
biggest friend ." Weiss was also a 
memberofthe board of trustees of 
the LaJolla Playhouse and UCSD 
Friends of the Theatre. 

In 1991 , Weiss was honored 
with the presti gious Revelle 
Medal, issued by UCSD to recog-
nize distingui shed university ser-
vice by those persons not directly 
affiliated with the school. 

Dwyer added that even though 
his name will live on in San Diego 
theatre, the man himself will be 
deeply missed. 

"His presence at our produc-
tions made us fee l important," 
Dwyer said. " If it wasn' t for the 
support, generosity and faith of 
Mandell We iss, the La Jolla Play-
house wouldn ' t be here." 

added. 
Unfortunately , Anderson's 

work was not entirely protected 
from possible editorial mistakes. 
The title. An Improbable Venture, 
was taken from a poem entitled 
"Curiosity." which one ofUCSD' s 
founders , David Bonner, had in-
cluded in his book on heredity. 
The poem itselfwas inadvertently 
leftoutofthe final,publishedcopy 
of the history. 

Anderson said that she chose a 
line from that poem for the title of 
the book because, "[It] reflected 
Bonner' s literate and even lyrical 
grasp on his founding of the biol-
ogy department. JThe poem] 
seemed to me a good reflection of 
the founding faculty ." 

I •• come. p.t of _ ...... wlnnl ... trMIltion. JoIn .... Guardl_. Call 134 .. 180. 

I 

,. 

DOMINO·5 PIZZA & thePliJacard 
"have a great deal·to help you start off the new quarter." 

Here's how it works! 
It's as easy as 1, 2, 3 ... 
1. Call Domino's Pizza 

and tell them you'd 
like to make an order 
with the Plus Card. 

2. Give the phone person 
your student i.d. 
number . 

3. Your order will be 
delivered to your door 
within 30 minutes! It 

, 

.. Plus Card member must be present 
with valid i.d . card when order arrives. 

CALL USI 
451-UCSD 

OPEN FOR 
LUNCH 

UCSD KILLER DEAL! MEDIUM MEAL DEAL GREAT DEAL! 
: 2 Medium I Medium 2-Topping Pizza, I 2 Large 1-Yopping Pizzas : 
: 2-Topping Pizzas : '!Wisty Bread Be 2 Cokei' : & 2-~~ =oo:JlasSiC : i ForOn~ $12.99 i ForOn~ $1 ~.99 i ForOn~ $16.99 : 
: 4S2-UCSD : 4S2-UCSD :.. 4S2-.UCSD : 
: 3211 Holiday Ct. : 3211 Holiday Ct. : :, 3211 Holiday Ct. I 
I Till not inCluded. ,.... mention offer when ordering. omwry 01' I Till not included. I'Iease mention offu when~. Delivery or I Tax not iJlduded. PIe.e IN!I\Iion offer when orderinc· Deliwry 01' II I CMryouL Not valid wlth .. y othft after. ExpiftI2/28/94. I CarryouL Not valid with InY othft offer. ixpiIft 2/28/". I Canyoul. Not valid Wlth .. y other oiler. Expirn 2/ 28/ " . 1 _____________________________________________________ ------1 

Limited delivery area. Our drivers carry less than $20.00. 55.99 minimum purcllue requiMd for delivery. Valid at U':D Domino', Pizza Ioc" lio~ <ml 



8 

-

The UCSD Guardian 'Thursday, January 6,1994 

At Microsoft, the opportunities 
are great, no matter which direction you go. We give you the best 

of both world : a chance to work with others towards a common goal, 

while still maintaining your·freedo ... to do things smarter 

and better. Come talk to us. Because we genuinely believe our best year 

are U h au d. And so are yours. When you look 
down the road, what could be cooler than changing the world? 

""hat: 

""here: 

""hen: 

Full-time and Summer 
Technical Interview Schedules 

Career Services 

Monday, February 7, 1994 

Resumes due to Career Services January 24th· 26th 

® 

Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports workforce diversity. 
Miauooft ... MS-Du< ..,r<gNcmJ ~ lW1d Visual C++.WInOOwsInd W_ IIrT lftll"il<lmlllrb ofMICIU'dl Coopoooon. 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART. • E N T E R T A I N MEN' JAN U A R Y 6, 1 9 9 3 

IN THE 

nEWS 
Ii 0 l K 

• KrIstIn Hersh, the singer 
and guitarist of Boston's 
Throwing Muses, will release 
a solo album at the end of this 
month. Throwing Muses has 
been a breeding ground for fe-
male rock bands such as The 
Breeders and Belly. Hersh's 
album, Hips and Makers, is 
produced by Lenny Kaye and 
the first video for the song 
"Your Ghost" was filmed in 
Athens, Ga. The track is a duet 
with R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe. 

• Together Alone, the latest 
album from the Aussie pop 
group Crowded HouH, is 
due in stores on Tuesday . 

• Veteran rocker N .. YOUIIS 
was deemed Artist of the Year 
for 1993 in this month's Spin 
magazine. Young has been 
cited as an influence by grunge 
bands, and his own material 
continues to be ground-break-
ing. 

• Elvis Costello has re-
grouped with his band the At-
tractions for his album Brutal 
Youth, due out early this year. 
This is the first time Costello 
has played with the Attractions 
since 1986'sBloodand Choco-
late. A tour in the spring will 
follow the album's release. 

I, I) ( .\ I. 
• Tonight is the last night to 
see the restored version of Eli 
Kazan's A 5', •• ,c., 
N.med "..".. at the Ken 
Theatre in Normal Heights. 
This version of the film, which 
stars Marlon Brando and Vivien 
Leigh, includes footage which 
was originally censored. The 
movie shows at 7 and 9:40p,m. 
Info: 283-5909. 

I 

I'll KtT\ 
.Tickets for F1shbone's con-
cert at Iguana's in Tijuana on 
Friday, Jan. 28 go on sale to-
day. Tickets are SIS. Info: S70-
1222. 

• Tickets for ex-Haircut 100 
singer NIck HeywM'd &0 on 
sale Friday at 3 p.m. He will 
perfonn at the Belly Up Tavern 
in Solana Beach on Wednes-
day. Feb. 9.1010: 278-nXS. 

Spielberg's film 
about the 
Holocaust is a 
heavy dose of 
realism 

istory books may teach us the facts and 
statistics concerning the Holocaust. They 
paint a grisly picture of its dehumanized 
victims and merciless perpetrators, but 
they do not have the power to show how 
it felt to be a Jew during Hitler's reign. 
Steven Spielberg'S Schindler's List 

takes on this duty with enough force and reverence 
to make it a relentlessly and brilliantly powerful 
movie. This film is not merely educational; 
it transcends high school history texts and 
bad television movies. 

The movie follows the life of Oskar 
Schindler (Liam Neeson), a German 
businessman, during the period of 
the Nazi occupation of Poland. Us-
ing the occupation as an opportu-
nity to get rich quick, Schindler 
takes over an enamelware plant in 
Krakow. He gains power by build-
ing close ties with Nazi officials 
through bribes and presents, mak-
ing his fortune from black-market 
deals and cheap Jewish labor. 

Schindler's conscience does 
not bother him as he observes 
Jews involuntarily segregated 
into ghettoes and those who can 't 
work carted off to death camps. 
As he sees the many atrocities, 
.Schindler undergoes a transfor-
mation. He becomes a savior 

See LIST, page H5 

BY BILLY HWANG 
STAFF WRITER 



HIAtus 2 The UCSD Guardia. Thunday. January 6. 1993 

DANCE 

Parsons Dance Company 
Innovative dance group will perform in Mandeville Auditorium 

By Jenny G ...... 
Senior Staff Writer 

If a celebration of contempo-
rary American dance can be cap-
tured in one night, then The Par-
sons Dance Company, which has 
accomplished it successfully in the 
past, will do it again Sunday in 
Mandeville Auditorium. The eight-
member ensemble is scheduled to 
perform a collection of wi tty, amus-
ing and ambitious works by the 
company's creator and artistic di-
rector, David Parsons. 

A nine-year veteran and a former 
leading dancer from the Paul Tay-
lor Dance Company. Parsons has 
drawn from Taylor' s work but has 
also enhanced and embellished his 
style with his own zeal andcreativ-
ity. Founded in 1987, the company 
has become an international pres-

enee that has toured throughout the 
United States, Europe, South 
America and Asia. 

Several unique works have been 
especially applauded by critics. The 
solos "Caught" and ''Tower'' and 
the ensemble piece ''The_Envelope'' 
generally recei ve positive reviews. 
In these pieces , Parsons' 
athleticism and grace is showcased. 
In "Caught," his body seems to be 
hovering in midair in a barrage of 
strobe lights. 

Noted as an audience favorite in 
reviews nationwide, this dance has 
prompted reviewer Amy Rumizen-
Cohen of the Buffalo News to call 
Parsons a "master of one perfectly 
timed, flying illusion after another." 

Similarly, ''Tower" has met with 
critical acclaim. Meant as a political 
statement concerning the Jesse Helmsl 

Costa o/ertfe mentis 
~ ___ ---I: $3900 ~ EXAM, 

'" CLEANING' 
• / X -RAYS (bIewlng) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECiALI 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 

.... We're open evenings and weekends! 

.... Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 

.... Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 

.... Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 

.... 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

.... Plenty of free parking! 

CAll US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 

La lalla Ilia 

_Dr. 

li 

! 
J 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We acc ept most Insurance pions and mojor credit cards 

DISPOSABLES 
ACUVUE tr NEW VUE $400 ea. 

DAILYWEAR~ 
COMI'LED: T" 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~~$139 
·~IIIID 
• CiwBlUUCAlID 
• c.c..n 1ft DAMS 

• No.v.atfDl8ft'..aIIMT 
s. ..... !IMfa 

••• 

Robert Mapple-thorpe/National En- • 
dowment for the Arts controversy. 
Parsons' message is that artists should 
do what they have to do. 

The dancers. including Gail 
Gilbert, Jaime Martinez, Elizabeth 
Koeppen , Victoria Lundell, 
Alexander Kaschock, Patricia 
Kenny and Christopher Kirby also 
take part in more light-hearted, 
humorous work such as "The En-
velope." 

Choreographed to music from 
''The Barber of Seville," the lyri-
cism and combination of lighting 
and costumes almost always draws 
laughter from audiences. 

The Parsons Dance Company 
will perform at 8 p.m. tonight in 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets 
for students are $15. For more in-
formation, call 534-6467. -

·1/1 ctm?" sald,lels. "EI1nytbl", 
Is fJ06I1IM for """ a.6o ,... .• 

-... ~ 

INCREASE YOUR EMPlOYABILITY 
LEARN THE MATHEMATICS OF 

n. .... _ ............ 

wa.n4E .... TICA "'lJIOIT«::AIPf . 
.. -...... .,.. ........ 
"' ...... ...... 
-. .. a-;. 

WINTER 94: 
MWF Noon HSS 2154 
Sec 10 - 187132 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! US GRANTS funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 
\\ i . I. I.. I I I • ,. I 

I' \1,' I I (l 1 (,' ". 
r). . I' "j." .' _.4 

ERGRADUATE 

RANTS 

, 

Thunday. January 6.1993 The UCSD Guardian HlATUS 3 

'1111 \ \\' I f' k 

to d a J 
The nwo.t .......... Twa, 
three Siberi~ musicians from 
Kyzyl, will perform in Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets for 
students are 59. Info: 534-6467. 

Mel Gibson stars as an English 
teacher who has become a hermit 
because of a facial deformity in 
The M .. WHItouf. Face. The 
film shows at 6, 9 and II :30 p.m. in 
the Price Center Theatre. Advance 
tickets are $1. $2 at the door: Info: 
534-6467. 

G .... t How .... Alden and 
bassist Bob Magnusson play jazz 

AND 
........... and "-en H .... 
......... willjoin the San Di-
ego Symphony Orchestra in 
Copley Symphony Hall for a pr0-
gram which will include renditions 
of Paul Hindemith's Der Damon, 
Mendelssohn's Ruy Bias Overture 
and Brahms Symphony No. 4. 
Tickets range from $15 to $42, but 
discount tickets can be purchased 
at the box office between 6 and 
6:30 p.m. This program repeats 
Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 
p.m. Info: 699-4205. 

Local rockers The Paladin. wi II 
perform at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach at 9: 15 p.m. The 
Swingin' Kings open the show. 
Tickets are $7. Info: 481-9022. 

saturday 
at the Athenaeum in downtown La ... The AJe~ Strlna Qt.r. 
Jolla at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $12. let will perform selections by 
Info: 454-5872. Copland, Gershwin, Barber and 

The Be....,. Green Trio plays 
jazz at 8:30 and 10:15 p.m. at the 
Horton Grand Hotel. The trio will 
also perform Friday and Saturday 
nights. Tickets are $10. Info: 544-
1886. 

friday 

Beethoven in Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Tickets for students 
are $10. Info: 534-6467. 

The comedian G· .... who is 
known for showering his audiences 
with food leftovers, will perform 
at the Civic Theatre at 8 p.m. Tick-
ets range from $18.50 to $22.50. 
Info: 236-6595. 

Street in Pacific Beach at 9 p.m. 
Tickets are $8 in advance, $10 at 
the door. Info: 222-8131 . 

sunday 
The Parsons Dance Com· 
pany will bong its innovative cho-
reography to Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Ticktes for students 
are $15. Info: 534-6467. 

Luther VarNlros. will perform 
"in the round" at the Sports Arena 
at 7:30 p.m. U.. fisher and 
Lewis Dlx will open. Tickets 
range from $20 to $45. Info: 278-
TIXS. 

tuesday 
Cal-Ani mage will screen /tfa&on 
Ildcoku #34, CIIf Girl Nulcu 
Nultu #1, ~ of the 
CWdr:".,.. #1 and Tenchl 
Muyou #5 at 7 p.m. in Peterson 
108. Admission is free. Info: 587-
4890. 

Los Angeles punk veterans Bad 
Rei"", perform an all-ages 
show at SDSU's Montezuma Hall 
at 8 p.m. Clutch opens the show. 
Tickets are $1 5.50. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Brad Pitt and luliet Lewis star in 
Mimes Jerry H ..... , LMlra Hawkwind plays rock at Dream the road film IfMIforru.. which 

~ 

shows in the Price Center Theatre 
at 8 and 10:30 p.m. Tickets are $1 
in advance, $2 at the door. 

wednesday 
The Intenudional Style Film 
Festival commences with the San 
Diego premiere of Michael Apted's 
film Blink in Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. The murder mystery 
stars Madeline Stowe and Aidan 
Quinn. Apted will be present to 
answer questions during an infor-
mal reception. Tickets for students 
are $3, or a student pass to r all 
films can be purchased for $25. 
Info: 534-6467. 

THEATRE 
The Poway CenJer for the 
Performing Arts: The world 
premiere of Steven Sus kin 's 
"Sweet, Smart. Rodgers and Hart" 
previews tonight and will run 
through Jan. 23. Performances are 
at 8 p.m. 111ursday through Satur-
day, With matinees Saturday and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $24 to $28. Info: 1-800-883-
PLAY. 

s.. DIeco Junior Theatre: 
"My One and Only," a love story 
which features the music of George 
Gershwin, is a spoof on Holly-
wood OVJsicals. The production 
opens Friday and continues through 
Jan. 23. Performances are Friday at 
7 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday at 
2 p.m. at the Casa del Prado The-
atre in Balboa Park. Tickets range 
from $5 to $7. Info: 239-8355. 

Museum of Contemporwy 
Art: ''The Hoerengracht." an ex-
hibit by Edward and Nancy Reddin 
Kienholz about Amsterdam'S red-
light district, will be on display 
through Jan. 20. Gallery hours are 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through 
Sunday. Info: 234- 100 1. 

Porter Randall Gallery: Oliver 
Jackson's paintings and sculptures 
will be on display Jan . 7 through 
Feb. 28. The opening reception for 
Jackson is Friday at 7 p.m. Gallery 
hours are Tuesday through Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., noon to 5 
p.m. Saturday. Admiss ion is free . 
Info: 55 1-t!884. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Message From the Heart: 
Photograph s by Walter Ros-
enblum"willbeondisplaythrough 
Jan , 16. Rosenblum has been tak-
ing politically charged photos for 
five decades. Gallery hours are 10 
a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through 
Sunday. Admission is $3. Info: 
239-5262. 

Mlnpei International Mu-
seum of World Fole Art: 
"Heirlooms of the Future: Master-
works of West Coast American 
Design Craftsmen" will be on dis-
play through Jan. IS. The exhibit 
features 21 West Coast American 
artists who work in private studios. 
Gallery hours are II a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Tuesday through Saturday and 
Sunday from 2 p.m. to 5 p.rn.lnfo: 
453-5300. 

: ~.-~~ : THE HAVNTING MVSIC OF CENTRAL ASIA'S 
I rJV'I~ I ~HAIR I 

DESIGN I 

UNIYERSm 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

,"!IIM_ Mann Theater 415-0420 
DEL MAR HIGHlANDS 

H(!.tto Whe,(!houSe 792-8131 
CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
N<!At to Vons 274-2800 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L MANICURIST AVAILABlE .J 
--------

M U I R Residential Life 
House Advisor Positions 
...... 5 

Appllcadonl available at the Muir Residential life Office 
throuah Wednesday, January 19, with job referral 
",., 1256 from Student Employment. 

Optional Candidates M ..... on Wednesday. 
January 11 (7 pm). or Thursclar. January 10 (9 pm). 
in the Half Dome Lou .... 
Application ..... ..,. 4:30 pm. friday. January 21. 
CalIIM-42 .. far IddIdonaIlnformadon. 

JANVARV6 
THURSDAY.8PM 

MANDEVIUE Avo. 
STVDENTS'9 • CiA. $13 

VCSD FACTY/STAFF .. SR.OT.$11 
VCSO BOX OFFICE 

534-6467 

INVEST IN YOUR 
FUTURE WITH A .JOB 
14/111 IN FINAN(;E .~ 

Interview for career positions with ~' 
orpnizations during . 

Finaaee IaCerriew Week 
~8D. 31 • Felt. 4 

:rue priority canis by JaD....,. 19. Go to 2nd 
floor 01 Caner Senkes lor 8IOre infonDatt. • 

.. 

. . 



" 

t, 

HIATUS 4 The UCSD Guardian Thuraday, January 6, 1993 

FILM 

Shadowlands 
Anthony Hopkins' portrayal of a troubled C.S. 

lewis makes film worthwhile 
By Jeff Nies .. 
Staff Writer 

It may come as a surprise that 
Shadowlands is yet another testa-
ment to the talent of actor An-
thony Hopkins. The film, directed 
by Richard Attenborough (Ghandi, 
Chaplin), gives a dogmatic and 
sentimental account of the rela-
tionship between writer C.S. 
"Jack" Lewis (Hopkins) and his 
love interest Joy Gresham (Debra 
Winger). Although one strength 
of the film is that it depicts Oxford 
as the male bastion of knowledge 
it wa in the I 950s, Hopkins' por-
trayal of Jack's realization that 
there are no easy answers to onto-
logical questions carries the movie. 

To come to an understanding 
of the meaning of suffering and 
pain, Jack undergoes a drastic 
transformation . Because of his 
success as a writer and teacher, 
Jack carries himsel f with an air of 
confidence with both his students 
and colleagues. During casual class 
sessions held in his office, he drills 
his students on the meaning of 
symbols in a poem, directing them 
to interpret it the way he wants. He 
also passionately lectures about 
suffering as a sign that God wants 

us to grow, arguing that the goal of 
life is not to be happy, but to love 
and endure hardship. Jack has cre-
ated a world around himself that 
minimizes conflict and bolsters 
his ego. . 

Jack's complacency is dis-
rupted when Joy Ga'esham, an 
American fan who is also a writer, 
visits him with her adolescent son 
Douglas (Joseph Mazzello), who 
is particularly fond of Lewis' most 
famous book, The Lion, The Witch, 
alld the Wardrobe. Winger's role 
as the brash American provides an 
obvious foil to Jack 's confident 
demeanor. When she bursts into 
the cafe where they have decided 
to meet and shouts ina Bronx 
accent, it's apparent she doesn' t 
understand English etiquette and 
is unwilling to accept the subser-
vient role designated to women in 
English society during the period. 
Jack admires her forthrightness , 
however, and their relationship 
grows. 

Here. the film takes a fa.miliar 
path. Jack represses his true feel-
ings for Joy, and Joy. despite her 
honesty, is too smi tten by the pres-
ence of a celebrated writer to make 
any moves. It' s only after Joy 

comes down with chronic cancer 
that Jack realizes how deeply he 
loves her. 

Although the developments of 
the relationship are predictable, 
the emotional turmoil Jack experi-
ences has far-reaching effects. He 
begins to question his faith in God, 
and his lectures on the signifi-
cance of suffering (which have 
been banal repetitions up to this 
point) start to change. Hopkins is 
at his best when he internalizes 
these changes. making them vis-
ible only in outbursts against his 
colleagues or in conversation with 
hi s brother Warnie (Edward 
Hardwicke). 

Winger does the best she can 
with her role, and she is far better 
here than she has been,recently-
her performances in Leap of Faith 
and Sheltering Sky were atrocious. 
But because the film focuses on 
her illness, it depicts her as fragile 
and helpless despite her ability to 
stand up to chauvinistic Oxford 
professors . 

The chemistry between 
Hopkins and Winger is perhaps 
not as strained and tense as it has 
been between Hopkins and other 
strong female stars. His relation-

Photo courteSy of Keith Hamshere 
Joy (Debra WInpr) helps C.S. lewis (Anthony Hopkins) 
confront .... n and sufferIrI8 In SluIdowianA 
ships with characters played by 
Jodie Foster in Silence of the l..mllbs 
and Emma Thompson in Howard's 
End and The Remains of the Day 
are complex. and the nature of the 
romance in these films is difficult 
to categorize, 

In Shadowlands, Jack is visibly 
in love with Joy, and some of the 
highly sentimental, tear-jerking 
scenes between the two are enough 

to make more cynical viewers 
queasy. Thecomball pastoral end-
ing is an attempt to gloss over 
Jack' s dialectical understanding 
that all we can truly know is that 
we know very little. Fortunately, 
Hopkins' fine performance pre-
vents this unsettling point from 
being buried. 

Shadow/Dllds opens at theaters 
throughout San Diego tomorrow. 

"One of the holiest tickets in American dance. UCSD CHAMBER MUSIC SEAlES 

JANUARY 9 • SUNDAY • 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

ili:iii"u,::r. .. TY SA. SID· st $15 • $R.CIt $11 
Evun .. O" .. ca UCSIIOX OFFICE. 534-8417 

SIRING QUARIEI 
(OPLAND • GERSHWIN • BARBEA • BEETHOVEN 
"Utterly hypnotizing, commondinfJ the 

listeners fofo/, astonished at1enfton. " 
Son Diego ReacJ.r 

Thunday, Jaauary 6,1993 

MUS I C 

Musica del Diablo 
Various artists 

Finally. an album that puts to-
gether a good sampling of the lo-
cal scene everybody's talking 
about. Musica del Diablo (Live 
From T~ Casbah), released by 
Cargo Records, is a collection of 
songs by San Diego bands pJaying 
at the Casbah, the club that bills 
itself as the epicenter of the San 
Diego music scene, 

The first impression one gets 
from this well-produced album is 
that the San Diego music scene 
consists of close-knit friends. The 
crowd sounds small, and the ban-
ter between bands and audience 
members is relaxed and jocular. 
The album opens with the singer 
from the band fluf introducing a 
song by simply saying, '1'hisone's 
about Neil." [t doesn't matter who 
Neil is because the song they 
launch into, "Little Baby," is state-
of-the-art garage rock and very 
catchy. 

Other stand-out performances 
include a Cramps-like, surf-
psycho zombie number by 
Deadbolt called "You Don't Know 
Wantto Know Me." Rustdelivers 
the tightest song with "Left Hand 
Girl," which showcases its superb 
musicianship and knack for hard-
rock song writing. The same can 
be said for Burning Hands, which, 
despite taking itself too seriously, 
still delivers a slow-burn rocker 

UST: Film is 
more than just a 
history lesson 
ContInued from ..... H1 
who sacrifices his comfort, wealth 
and pride to keep lews from im-
minent death. 

His transformation is com-
pleted when he and bis Jewish 
accountant, Itzhak Stern (Ben 
Kingsley), compile a list of i!un-
dreds of Jews who are to work in 
his factory in order to be saved 
from the gas chambers. 

The power of this film lies in its 
ability to transform the viewer 
from a sympathetic but detached 
observer to an involved witness 
......... ~.. . 

who can understand how it must 
have felt to be a victim of the 
Holocaust. 

We are invited to follow 
Schindler's metamorphosis as he 
sees random executions and hills 
of burning corpses. The viewer 
also sees barbarities that Schindler 
does not: children hiding in shoul-
der-cteep human excrement to es-
cape the trip to death camps, and 
bullets fired into the bodies of 
innocent hospital victims already 
dead. 

The realism of Schindlu' s List 
is what makes it so inttiauing. The 
film appropriately lacks the car-
toon-like characters present in 
Spielberg's other films. Neeson 
(Darkman, The Mission) portrays 
Schindler as someone who is not 
entirely good or bad. His mod ves 

. for savin, lews are not entirely 
comprehensible. 

Instead of riaiR, up against the 
Nazi put)' to keep Jews froll'l be-
in, killed. he CIlIbIiahe& clble ties 

with ''Carousel.'' 
~ Some of the more experimental 
numbers on Musica get muddled, 
and others are boring. "X-Ray Eyes 
OK" by Trumans Water may actu-
ally have been included as ajoke, 
but it is unbearable. With the ex-
ception of this one track, all the 
songs on Musica are recorded with 
impressive clarity and punch. 

One of the best features of 
Musica is the lack of pretension 
exhibited by the performers. The 
comments made before the songs 
and the songs themselves are not 
drenched with attitude. The music 
is also thankfully devoid of heavy 
"message" themes (i.e. "this one's 
dedicated to the rain forest"). The 
musicians are playing for the in-
sane reasoQ that they enjoy it, and 
this is evident in each track. 

Virtuosity is definitely not a 
prerequisite for performing at the 
Casbah. Some of the singing and 
band cohesiveness becomes, at 
times, a tad loose. But it is refresh-
ing to hear carefree musical styles. 
Most of the bands are, after all, 
amateurs and proud of it. Guitarist 
Yngwei Malmsteen would get 
booed off the stage here. Musica 
del Diablo gets points for its lack 
of sc~lock and jadedness, and a • 
few more points for some truly 
awesome songs. 

. -David Snow 

with Nazi party members in order 
to manipulate them with his power. 

Schindlu's List shows no re-
straint in recounting the violence, 
fear and despair of the Holocaust 
in an effort to give the auct'ience a 
sense of how the Jews felt under 
the Nazis. The 'film's primarily 
black-and-white format serves' to 
emphasizetheiews' fear and help-
less ness. 

The drab environment of the 
concentration camps is made even 
drearier as green grass and blue 
skies are replaced with gray. The 
scared faces of naked women in 
the notorious showers of 
Auschwitz shine white and con-
vey the utmost fear an individual 
can experience . 

Throughout the film, the 
doomed existence of the Jews is 
made clear by the contrasts be-
tween scenes. People enjoy life to 
its fullest at Nazi parties while 
Jews struggle to survive in con-
centration camps. Jews are forced 
to strip and run in circles to deter-
mine whether they are fit for labor 
while a record player peacefully 
plays the upbeat songs of the ti me. 

Schindler's List goes beyond 
teaching a lesson of facts and sta-
tistics and stops short of being a 
tedious sermon. 

It is a well-made film, persua-
sive as well as entertaining, that 
allows you to witness one man's 
conscientio~ metamorphosis and 
invites its viewers to undergo one 
themselves. 

Schindler's List is showing in 
limited release in San Diego. It is 
currently at the United Artist the-
aaer in Horton Plaza (234-4661) 
and at the AMC Fahion Valley 

~ (291-4404). 

• 
t 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

EREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immedlata Test Results) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

O~~mW6tALE 
~HeeIItI PIa,. VIu."....,~ 

I r, MESA 
bb,"1 Fll'tchl'r Pkv.y 

(h1 '1) b'l'l-fih01 

~IC,SION vir J() 
if ·In(l I , t. " ,cI I 

f -, 11 ~h! f II (I 

NF WPORT BEACH 
:'()1 f1,,~11 5t 

I ~ 1·1) \ r, 1 1)01 

tI!lj7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 

" 



H6 HIATUS The UCSD Gua-:dian Thursday, January 6.1994 

, 1 

'J'/ IlJllSD, n' 

$1 

REVELLE Loop 
ROAD COMPLETION 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
COLLEGE PIZZA 

& PITCHER NIGHT 

Changes in the campus shutlle route whi -h went Into effect January 3. 1994 mark the 
start of a road construction project that will comolete the final leg oi the campus loop 
road west of Interstate 5. Completion of the 1000 road will eliminate the need to use 
any public road to travel from one point on the campus to another. west of Interstate 
5. This final segment of the . campus loop road wi I begin just east of the' Mandel 
Weiss Forum Theatre. intersect Gilman Drive, and extend to Osler Lane at the School 
of Medicine. The roadway will consist of two 11-100t travel lanes and two 5-foot bike 
lanes as wei I as a sidewalk on the south side of the roadway . East of Gilman Drive, 
Osler Lane will be shifted slightly south to align with the new loop road. 

AlIIO-oz. Microbrewed beers 
$1 after 7 pm 

Remtllllbu-Gll $1 been are not the .ame, 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz_ pitchers 

(arls,l pm) _ $5 each 
01'1' '19 \\1 III RI\(,IOOIH\l1 ,1,,11' 

Temporary changes to the shuttle route during the construction period (Winter and 
Spring Quarters, 1994) will include deletion of s" utlle stops along the existing service 
road and rerouting of the shuttle to avoid the construction area. Construction of the 
loop road will also reroute shuttle service to Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Shuttle route and schedule information will be posted at all shutUe stops and will be 
available from shutlle drivers and the campus Transportation Services Office. 

AN 
IMPROBABLE 
VENTURE 

All work west of Gilman Drive is due to be completed and the new intersection of the 
loop road and Gilman Drive opened by early June, before the various campus 
graduation ceremonies are held. Realignment of Osler Drive is scheduled to be 
completed during the summer. With the opening of the new road segment in Fall 
Quarter, 1994: the campus shuttle routes wiU be revised to use the completed campus 
loop. 

In order to connect the existing portion of the campus loop road with Gilman Drive, 
approximately 160 eucalyptus trees will be removed. All trees removed will be 
replaced on at least a one-to-one basis a'S part of the landscaping improvements for 
the new roadway. "Many of the trees that will be removed are in poor health, and 
some of the grove needs infill planting in bare areas, so when the work is completed 
we'll have a healthier grove than we had before: noted Marilyn Cox. Campus Planning 
Office. 

A History of the University of 
California, San Diego . 

Although work on the loop road will go on around it, access to the Che Cafe will be 
able to remain open except for one 24-hour period required for paving. Since the new 
roadway wiR tightly abut the Che Cafe. special sidewalk construction is necessary, Cox 
said. One area of this sidewalk will consist of a unique "bridge" with a deck 
constructed on 100 percent recyded plastic. The plastic section has the appearance 
of wood but will not rot. split or splinter and is in keeping with the campus' desire to 
support recycled product markets. 

Written by Mary Scott Anderson this is the first comprehensive 
work about the develofJment of the .finest institution established in Additional info,..,ation regarding the construction project may be obtained from Marilyn Cox at 534-3860. Further information regarding shuttle routes and schedules is 

available from the Transportation Services Office at 534-RIDE. the United Stales since WWII. '" 

Available at the UCSD Bookstore (or $7.95 

". 
.,' ~ 

" 
., 

" 

'r 
\ 

l 

KITES OVER THE HORIZON 
Theta's kite will soon be flying over the University of California, San Diego, and we invite 
upperclass women, as well as new women students, to come hear about our plans. 

What does Kappa Alpha Theta otTer? 
• Theta offers academic support through $200,000 in scholarships. 
• 

• 

• 

Theta o~ers opportunities to help others through service projects. 
Theta offers a s~ive network during college and a lifetime network 
of friendship after college. 
Theta offers programs such as Job Bank USA. 

Come see what Kappa Alpha Theta has to otTer you. 

Display at UCSD: January 3-7, Price Center Plaza . , 
Informational Open Bouse: January 9, 5-6:30 pm, Price Center Ballroom 

• Interviews (by appointment): January 10 and 11, Price Center, Galleries A and B 
.. 

FQr more information and to set up interviews cOntad: 

Thunday. January 6, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Lose Heartbreaker 
ONE-POm LOll: Yamasaki's last-second shot rims out and UCSD falls, 74-73 
ByAron_ 
AssoclBte Sports Editor 

All season long, the most glaring 
weakness for the UCSD women's 
basketball team has been its inabil-

BHSKET 
\ • . 

BHLL 

ity to finish 
strongly. II 
can't seem to 
finish a half, 
game or drive 
too well. Its 
shooting per-
centages have 
been down 
and erratic 
play has cost 
the Tritons big 
leads and, in 
turn, a few 
W's. 

Tuesday night's game against 
Azusa Pacific University (10-4) was 
no different for San Diego. The Tri-
tons (5-6) held a comfortable lead 
midway through the first half, but 
fell behind by fiveatbalftime. UCSD 
stonned back in the second half and 
had a chance to win the game with a 
last-second shot, but fll ~,td to con-
vert. Final score: APU 74, UCSD 
73. 

The Tritons began the contest on 
an up note, charging out to leads of 
18-10, 24-17 and 28-21. Despite the 
advantage on the scoreboard, UCSD 
Head Coach Judy Malone realized 
that her team was not very focused. 

Sophomore SUcey Plltako, shootIDI oyer APU defender Suzy 
H ..... I (12), .cored elatrt points and erabbed four rebound._ 

"We weren't very aggressive in 
the first half and didn't play with 
very much intensity," Malone said. 
"We didn't come out ready to play." 

The Cougars took full advantage 
of UCSD's lack of concentration, 
ending the half with a 21-9 run to 
seize a five-point lead at intennis-
sion, 42-37. 

In the second half, UCSD wasted 
no time getting right back on the 
Cougars' heels, pulling to within 
one,46-45. 

Then point guard Cindy 
Yamasaki caught on fire, draining 
back to back three-pointers to give 
UCSD its first lead since the first 
half,51-49. . 

From thal point on, the game was 
a dogfight. APU held a slight four-
point advantage with just over five 
minutes remaining. UCSD cut it to 
one with 2:40 left, then tied it up at 
;0 with two minutes to go. 

The Cougars converted two con-
secutive c1utcl1 baskets to give them-
selves a 74-70 Iead with 60 seconds 
on the c,loc:t. Apin Yamasaki felt 
that groove. She stopped and popped 

for her third three-pointerofthe half 
to bring the Tritons within one, 74-
73, with 39 seconds left. 

After the Cougars blew an op-
portunity to put the game away, 
UCSD got the ball with 12 ticks 
remaining and called time-out. 

After setting up a play. the Tri-
tons ran the clock down to five sec-

lICSO 13 

AZUSA PACIFIC 74 

onds, then got the ball to the woman 
with the hOI hand - Yamasaki . 

She set up just inside the free-
throw line and let go a smooth 
jumper. But, as in games past, the 
ball rattled in and out. the buzzer 
sounded and UCSD had another 
tough loss to deal with. 

Although APU had been chew-
ing up Division DI foes and spitting 
them out.bqtiag.maay of them by 
30 points or more, the Tritons gave 

Fifth Col .... 

the Cougars a'much more difficult 
challenge than anyone. especially 
Malone, anticipated. 

"We expected [Azusa Pacific] to 
be tough. but once the game started 
we realized that we could beat them," 
Malone said. 

The most telling stat for UCSD 
was its 29 turnovers. Those miscues 
eventually caught up with the team. 

. "We relaxed a little bit at the end 
of the first half. We played with a 
little bit more intensily in the second 

. half, but our mistakes cost us the 
game," Malone admitted. 

Although the Tritons failed to 
pick up the win, it wasn't because of 
poor shooting. They connected on 
50 percent of their shots, by far their 
best percentage of the season. Jun-
ior Michelle Henricks led the way 
for UCSD with 20 points on eight of 
12 shooting, while Yamasaki added 
15 points (3-3 on three-point at-
tempts) and nine assists. 

SeniorcenterLisa Beaver scored 
12 points for the Tritons, moving 
her to second on the all-time UCSD 
scoring list with 1,052 career points. 

is now hiring staff for the 1994-95 academic year 
R.SIHNT ADVISOR POSITIONS 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. WhIt cIoM the job r.qun? DelTlOlllllraled Leadership Ability 
Interperaonal Skill 
Programming Experience 
E'*DY, CommiIment and T81i'TlWM 

....... 1 get Info? Come to the RA Information SessIon 
Tu.day, January ",9 pm In ht Lodge at P8QP8I' Canyon 

How do I apply? Get a ,.,.".. at c.... ServiaN (Job .,'258) 
BrIng eo FIfth College 0IIct of Residence lie at Pepper 
c.nron far an IPPbIion 

SUiInIB who .,.1IUdyIng Ibroad nul yur CIII ippIy now for ,-.. 
.. ~II ..... _ ..... To ......... __ .... i8 ......... 

We're run out 
of filler 
Ideas. 

% • 
MwI1Ilb. 
...". 

The Contact LeDS Doc:ton 

Student SUD 
& Ski Special 
• Complete eye exam 

SPORTS 9 

all for jut 
• 1 pair daily wear soft lenses (02LT) 
• 1 pair Bolle™ IREX sunglasses $14900 

• Contact lens fitting 
• Care kit 
• Lens handling and care instruction 
• Follow-up visits with the doctor 

Call 571-2081 
for an appointment 

San Diego Optometry 
The Contact Lens Doctors 

4646 Convoy St_, Suite 105 in Kearny Mesa 

[SSlN([ SALON 
H .. rcule: 
Women $18 ..... :a 
Men $15 ..... la 
Color: 

Tint $20 --
HI-Utes $40-$50 _ .... -
Penne 
FUll $40-$50 _ .... -
Spiral $80 - _--.. 
Up Do'.:$1S 

-Student dl.count. 81.0 liven for nell •• rvlce • 

-'J. ...... ..,. Court ...... 2OJ. 
(upatalra from St. Germain'.) 
Open: Mon.- sat. 88m - 8pm 

Call for Appt. 
453-9471 

' . 



/ 

r 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \ f.1 \ t I \ II· \ I ... 
Mandain Coast Restaurant. 755-
4115. Monday clnner buffet. $5.99, 
20 items. Pitcher beer. $3.50. Big 
lV. (11115-1110) 
Heve. World Clue Expertencel 
Fifth College Resident Advisora 
Wanted for 1993-941 Pick-up 
referral at Career Services (Job 
19(1258). Applications due 1/181 
94. NOON. Information session 
Tuesday. 1/11 in Pepper Canyon 
Lodge. 9PM. (113-1/18) 
Muir House Advisor Apps Available. 
Referral 1901256. Optional Info 
Meeting: 1/12 or 1120. Info 534-
4200. (113-1/13) 
Pick up the Gu.nI'-n at Earl's 
Place on campus. (1/6) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Cartoon Lagoon ........... 457·9798 
Fairmair's ..................... 222-{)22Q 
La SandIiIe ................... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-{)662 
Dim Sum ...................... 535-1668 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSO 
Greek Cuisine .............. 558-7'171 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452~4 
Pizza Nova .. ........ ......... 458-9525 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert's .. ............. .... ..... 275·1132 
Tom's Masler Mach ..... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... 457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Skin Care by lorraine .. 457·2100 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCID 1EAL1'II a FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 2n·8?55 
Dr. BedIer, Chiro ......... 452·2882 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
B4r1h1tght. ... ......... (800)*4-LOVE 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care ................... 226-1733 
Tan 4 less ................... 455-0909 
Dr. Santord. DDS ......... 558-3490 
Cos1a Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 

UCSD OPTOMEtRY 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla .......... 597-2020 
Dr. Selby, 0.0 .............. 578-6796 

UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
CD Sounds ................... 578-3472 
Music T radar ................ 893·1469 

UCSDTllAYn 
Council Travel .............. 452~ 

UClDCOPEI 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Kinko' .......................... 457·3n5 
Zebra Copy .. ................ 457·1007 
UCSD1DnNG 
HypeIteaming ............... 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-5656 

UCSDNIIHTI 
La Jolla Ihwing Co ..... 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 
UClDETC. 
SI. Gennaln's ............... 455-1414 
MIllIon Fed. er.dt UnIan .... 5046-2035 
NIcIar Sur1 & Sport ........ 753-«Ie6 

The UCSD GuarmaD Thurmay, JlIDuary 6, 1994 

CLASSIFIEDS 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME-UCSD 
Staff end Student Oisoounta. GnNd 
financing. Near UCSD 1. 2 bra 
$120,OOO's+ & 3 bra $150,000'&+. 
Condos to luxury homes-serving 
La Jolla. Univ. City. Mira Mesa. Del 
Uar, Pacific Beach, Clairemont. 
Need to SELL, see what 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE can dol REIMax 
Assoc. Judith Haddox. Realtor. 
619-275-2618. (1212-116) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 wonls is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and sto/f, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeodIines are 3 p.rn. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.rn. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. TheGuanJjan reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Ann: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, (:'A 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Female Roommate wanted ASAP: 
La Jolla, walk to UCSD, own master 
bedroom with aHached bath, 
jacuzzi, pool, weight room. rec. 

. cen1er • laundry tac. $425 + utilities. 
Call 453-3752. (116-1/10) 

Get involved at Muirl House 
Advisor Apps Available through 
1/19. Call 534·4200. Referral 
#901256. (1/3-1/13) 
Public Speaking Club meeting 
January 11 in McGill 1110 at 
7:30 p.m . New members 
welcome. (1/6) 

E'IPLO) 'IF\T 
ATTENTION : STUDENT 
WORKS PAINTING is now hiring 
branch operators forthe summer 
of 94. Earn up to $15.000 and 
get the business experience of 
a lifetime. Call 1·800-955·7557. 
Positions filling fast throughout 
California. (11/15-1/14) 
Earn up to $1,000 every time 
someone receives a MIP 
Refund. Send for FREE 
information. No experience 
Necessary. Intern_lion.' 57 
Greentree Drive, Suite 307 . 
Dover, Delaware 19901. (1/3-
2/15) 

Part-time temporary clerical & 
errands. Must have own car. 
$7.00 hour. Call Ann 536-9393. 
(11/22·1110) 

WANTED: FIfth College Resident 
Advisors for 1983-941 Career 
ServicesJob#901258 Applications 
due 1/18. (1/3·1/13) 
Become a certifiered 
AEROBIC INSTRUCTOR. 6-
week course ($100) begins 
Feb. 12. Call Dan at Being·Fit 
544-8332 (1/6·1118) 
Wanted: Morning/Afternoon person 
for local coffeehouse. Apply in 
person. 8935 Towne Centre Dr. 
(near UTC.) (1/6·1/10) 

Introducing ... 

Frozen 
Yogurt 
Cakes 

• Kona Coffee Fudge 
• Chocolate Fudge 

• Strawberry Margarita 

• Blueberry Cheesecake 

Thigh and Hip Cream with 
Aminophylline. Buy product or start 
distributorship. Call 1-800-800-
2937. ID# 3313. (11/29-116) 
Men's21"10-spbicyc!e. Ess. new. 
Centurion "Acordo." M-blue Fully 
equipped. $150. obo. 455-1583. 
Calor leave message. (113-1/10) 
SHY MAN'S GUIDE to the Secrets 
of Attracting Women. Great book 
for introverts. Unique gift item. $15 
includes tax and shipping. 
Summerdale Enterprises, 9528-
202 Miramar Road.. San Diego, 
CA 92126. (113-1/6) 
1987 Honda Elite Scooter. Highway 
legal 15Ooc. Runs good. Tune up 
recently. $7000b0. 622-0528. (161 
1113) 
1980 Honda Accord hatchback. 
Needs sopme work.! $1800.00 
obo. Call James 453-4779. (1/6-
1113) 
IBM 486-66MHz, 1 MB RAM, 
130MB Mutor Super IDE 
Controiler, 1.44MB, Video Card, 
Mini Tower wi LED Display, 
Keyboard/Mouse. All new $650. 
Pat 453-5675. (1/6-1110) 

Log on to your computer 
account from home. Terminal 
with serial port (printer) - you 
need only a modem and serial 
cable to call library • prof, etc. 
$60. Cool ray 434-6080 
Carlsbad. (1/3-1/10.2/7) 
Skis, boots, poles, 2 sets. Roller 
blade MacrobIades 11 m. surfboard, 
all great condition, cheap. Eric 546-
8021 . (11129-1/6) 

114.' ~I\C 
LaJola, UTe, 3 becioom tMnhouse 
for sale. If1Iiestment ~ fer 
SlJdentIpnnt. cash tJow. 453-5596, 
521-3422. (11/15-1/10) 
APAR1MENT, Bay Park $510 one 
badtlom. 10"*U8 dMt. Near WIIIlIIr. 
FI88 •• iae 'al8 gI. 27Sam. (1~ 1.6) 

Room for rent: Fumished, available 
now. Near UCSD. quiet area, 
laundry, kitchen privilegeS. $4501 
month, utilities included. Call An", 
450-6935 or 453-6164. (113-116) 
University City $295. 1 or 2 
Feme ... needed for own room(s) 
in nice 4 bedroom house. Patio, 
Piano. cable TV. washer/dryer. 12 
minu1es to UCSD. No smokers, no 
pets. no drugs. Call Mark 534-2391 
or 534-3383(message). (113-116) 
Roommate wanted Immed .... ly. 
$3OOImonth University City House. 
Own Room. 1/4 utilities. Call Jill at 
558-5938, Quiet, Friendly 
environment. (1/3-1/13) 

LA JOlLA. Single level modem 
home WDRMS. 3/BATH. LA. DR. 
FR,S28OO1mo.includinggardener. 
no pets, non·smokers. TEL: 415-
328-5851. FAX 415-328-3512. (1/ 
6-1/18) 

Room for rent in Del Mar. Share 3 
bedroom condo with 2 others. AM 
amenities. Available Nowl 
$36O+&eeurity deposit. 792-8625. 
(116-1110) 
Master bedroom w/ bath in 
beautiful apt . Dishw'asher, 
laundry, all amenities. Secure. 
GREAT ROOMMATE I Eilene 
453-8193. (1/6-1/31) 
Female roommate wanted to 
share 3 bedroom condo in UTC 
area. $340/mo. + 1/3 uti!. Own 
washer/dryer. Non-smOking. 
Prefer quiet, friendly student. 
Call Elizabethl Andrew at 625· 
0821. (1/6-1118) 
MIRA MESA. Room for rent. $3001 
mo. + utilities. Recently remodeled 
house. Quiet, considerate, 
responsible non-smoker. 271-
5657. (116-1/10) 
Panoramic lake view - DELDIOS 
18 mi/campus, 2BR, furnished, 
pool, laundry, rural, 737-0439. 
(1/6) 

WINDANSEA room for renl . 
Seconds from beach. Big house, 
big yard. Easy bus access to UCSD. 
Single $400, share $300. Call Pager 
number 521·4573. (1/3-1/18) APT - 1 BR, 1 bath, country. lake 

view, $550. Room - share kitchenl 
Furnishedoolldo--Regents Rd. 2 Ixr. , bth $300. 737-0439. (116) 
1 bath,baIoony,$895.(619)491-1196 
or (714)779-0540. (113-1/13) 
Own room. Mira Mesa student 
house. BarBO, washer, dryer. $31 OJ 
month. Kevin 549-6642. (113-1/6) 

Room for rent: Clairemont. washer, 
dryer, quiet neighboorhood. 
Beautiful view of bay. $375/month 
+ deposit + utilities. MlF. Alan. Brian 
or Ramen. 273-8311 . (1/6-1113) 

Room with private bath. Mira Mesa. Roommate wanted to share bdrmI 
Female only. $325 month. Utilities bath at La Regencia. Own laundry 
included. Deposit. Ann 536-9393. • tac. FitnesS gymlracketball court. 
(11122-1110) Next to VonsJUTC/Costa Verde 

Plaza 3 min to UCSD. $250. Cal 
558-7010. (116) , r---------, I Frozen Y~urt I I Cake Slice I 

I 79C .: 
I Student ID ~. Nat WIIid wilt! ." adIr I I ... CN per ..-. . ....,. qoriIioa loot. I 

E,..r. 1/31/94. ~------.--~ 
I SMALL I 
I · h ... · I I wit • upping I 

! 99C::. ! 

2 students wanted, available Jan 
10th, master bedroom $375. studio 
bedroom $325, 2 bathrooms, ref. 
checked, cleaning deposi1, 481 ~ 
3739. (116) 

DISSERTATIONITHESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization. 
proofreading. statistics. 20yrs. 
experience. Call 24 hours: 265· 
7238 (9/21-1/13) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxeaand 
more. Near St. Germains. 452-
9949. (10125-612) 

I 9tudont D~. Nat WIIid ...." ." adIr I Word processing of any kind,large I ... CN per..-.. UpN 1/31/94. I or small. Quick retum, .......... -ionaI 
.. --------, ..., .... -
• quality. Call Janet or Carol. 276-: FI u rry : __ 738_2_. (1_1122....:.-'1/_20) ---
I I La Jolla Barbershop. Quality 
$ Barbering. Haircuts sa.OO. 459· I 199 I 5792. (113-3110) 
: ...... ID: ProfeIaionai word proceasing.1aaer I ...... 0 ........ _ ..... _ .., ....... 1 printer, regular & micro cassette 

CN per _ . ....... 2/31!8'. trenacrIpIIon. So. Clelremont Doria \.. ________ J 278-8738. (1/3·1/18) 

Thunday, Joury 6,1994 

Psychotherapy available for eating 
disorders: Bulimia. Compulslvity, 
Self-Esteem problems. Licensed 
Psychologist Diana Weiss Ph.D. 
(619)431-6373. (113-1/13) 
Lose fat without Dieting ... Doctor 
supervised Tuesday evening 
lecture, or call 452-2882. (1/3-418) 
1\ • I ... wittd'lJ"'~TIIld 
ESL HlMtB9tdaaaasatlkMralyd 
0iJIana1lld laleDa'lceddagaesi'l 

~ & baV'l1arvJagas. Mt UliiII 
tBe is.-J IIIbIe. Arn536-mi (11/Zl-
1110) 

All word processing jobs, resumes, 
papers, reports,letters, reasonable 
rates. 459-5909. (1212-116) 

\\\\'1'1-:1) 

Ean$100.00.~ 
on~seilct 1)Q,IlI8a .... , 
onee,orK.aa.l.ArTabnbmmala, 
cal ScJ1lps RI II lid'! ..... b IT1OI8 
i Ibil_ L 554-7240. (1133'10) 

WANTED: fifth College ResIdent 
Advl8Ol's for 1983-941 Career 
ServioesJobl901258App1ications 
due 1/18. (113-1/13) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs 
healthy volunteers, ages 18-50, for 
a two hourstudyabout eye blinking. 
$10 plus parking will be provided. 
Call Deb at 543-2314. (116) 
VISion Comics. We are a small comic 
bookcorllB ry ,looki1gtotlrealetlerist, 
iokers. and a colorist All interested 
parties should cal Kevin at: 457-5020 
or page: 960-6403. (116-1/13) 
Eamc:ash ormovietickelsforresearch 
paI1icipation. EngIish-speakin CXlIIege 
men needed for PhD study in 
psychoIogy.SessioIlStake45minules. 
Help me finish graduate sctiooJ! Cal 
Carrie, evenings. 527-0776. (116) 

The UCSD Guardian 

The 
Guardian 

is always looking 
for talented photogra-
phers, writers, artists, 
copyreaders, design-
ers, illustrators and 
monkeys! 

Call 534-6580 for more in-
formation of just stop by . 

The UCSD Guardian is lo-
cated directly above the Gen-
eral Store Co-Op in the Old 
Student Center. 

EARN EXIRA MONEyI New Skin 
cant company (&qacent to UCSD) is 
looking for PAID PARTICIPANTS 
(Men and Women) to take part i'l skin 
sensitivity tests. Earn great $ with 
ftexilIe house--up too $200 for a few 
rnnnas, several times a week for 
ttvee weeks. T en-mi'lute walk from 
campus. Those with historyofirritation 
to certain bnInds of 8I'1ti-perspir&, 
SU'I9CrgeIIS or faciallTIOisUizers are 
needed. Cal TOOAYtosdledule your 
saeening appointment: 550-7070, 
extension 105. (113-1131) 

YOU COULD EARN $300 
OR MORE A MONTH 

WANTED: Clerical assistant to 
chemistry I'8S88I'dl group. Intellgent, 
responstJIe, seIf-moIivated person to 
wOl1dnfrienclyolfice. 12+hoI.rsIweek. 
SchedUe fIexIlIe after training. Basic: 
office skils required (typing, filing, 
phone). Knowledge d Macintosh Md 
lkixCD1'1JUBSapkJs. Prefarlrestrnan 
or sophomore for long-term 
com I iII.i8I1l We' make it worth your 
while t) stay. ConIact Bonnie @ 534-
2S72 fer fu1her info. (113-M;) 

If you have recently had or currently have any of the 
following diseases, you could qualify as a plasma donor, 

earn extra money, and benefit medical research: 

-Rheumatoid Arthritis 
-Epsteia-Barr Virus 
-Hepatitis A & B 
-Moaoaucleosis 
-Chickea Pox 
-RH Factor 
-Chlamydia 
-Syphilis 
-Lupus 

ChOOH ...... tIcM. College 
~ seniors can take the Fundamen· 

~ taJsol Engineering (FE) exam-
t. ' the first Iormal step in becoming 
'/L~~-- a registered, professional engi-

HemaBiologics . Inc. 

HIV+ Do.on Also Needed 

(619) 226-1733 

NG 
Pass the FE EunI Now. 
Earning your engineering degree 
and passill8the FE exam qualifies you 
as an engineer·in-lraining or EIT-a 
qualification many employers look 
for when hiring. They know thai ElTs , neer. 'IlIke the test during your senior 

'. year or immediately after graduation. L...-................... --J are comm~ted to their profession 
while engineering courses are still fresh in ur mind. and its high standards of praclice. 

... Your CaIeIIdar. The 
FE exam is administered every 
April and October. '!bur stale 
board or engineering dean can tell 
you when and where. Send in your 

Later, as a professional engineer, you'll enjoy the bene-
fits of registration. Employers look for PE.s when hiring. 
P.E.s often move up the corporate ladder faster than 
non-registered engineers. And only P.E.s can consult in 
private practice. 

Make your resume stand out from all the others. Take 
exam applica.ion today. L....a~.t2::.~ the FE exam. 

r-------------I Please send me lhe free brochure: 
I "PE Registration: The Smart Choice:' 
I I \.me ________ / 
I Collqjt ________ -J 
I Add .... I ,------
I Coty 5<11' __ 
I R!lumto 
I \Cf:ES 

-1_000 I PO Box _ o.m.on SC2963.1-16116 L ________________ ~ -.. 

CLASSlFIEDS 11 

I 
I 
I' 
I 

Haircut $ 
Shampo. & 995 
Conditioner 

Plnns $2495 I from 1 
lIot ... · "=t:r~-1iI'Io< I 

~:I~rinl $1395 FREE SHAMPOO : 
From with a haircut I L' ______________________________ I 

Of1or good thru 1131194 

we c.are hair 
ALWAYS A GREAT HAIR DAYTM 

Happy New Yearl 
Rhino Chasers .; 0 

Amber Ale f • $599 • • " 
G six-pack bottles 

.tuaCIIV 

o 

Natural Lite !!~ 0 
_.-

Spirits of Saint Gennain 
3251 Holiday Court 
La Jolla, Ca 92037 

Hours: Sun-Thurs, 6am-12mid. Fri & Sat, 6am-2am 

ALL-You-CAN-EAT 
HaUSE BuFftt 

- Salad Bu 
- Chow MaiD 

- Soup of the DIY 
- Rout Chickea - Broccoli Beef 

- B-B-O Ribs 
- SpagheH' - S .. et " Sour Pork - Rout B.f JMa. IfIPtIQ 
- CIalcba Cacciatare - Egg RoDs 

- TlrriyaJd Wiap 
- Baked FlIb - Kag Pao Chicba 

- Taco Bu l .. dI .. n 

~-------------~----, 
: 10Dfa OFF := ...... : L ___________ ~------~ 

IIRA&aN IIanIIW:iftc a.ch 
2862 au.t, 1 .... WIlt 111-1 272-1711 

...... I.~ .. --~--------------~~~~ f. 



'. 

, ./ 

f • 

12 SPORTS The UCSD Guardia 

KAPLAN TEST·PREP 
ANYTHING ELSE IS PARTIAL PREP. 

277·6744 
Comdering the ~ is 
due tomorrow, aren't 
glad we're ~ all.&a&~"'''' 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never tum in. 

La )olICl 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 
457-]775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
483-1852 1. '1 

Univenlty of California 
UC EAP SCHOLARSHIPS 
Pacific Rim Systemwide Scholarships 

Study Center Amount Study Center Amount 
AalrllII (Year) S. .II,.. (CIIII'd.) 
c.u. (Year) S" Mei. Gauln (Spring) 

(Semester( $ 211 ICIIm 
Cilil. (Year) 

(Year) $2,_ (Semester) 
(Semester) 51,. MIIIco 

S. 

51,. 
S -

CllIII MIxIco City (Yearl3 Quarters) $1,2. 
Belling (Year) 51," Mexico City (Yearl2 Quarters) S • 
faanjin (Semester) $1,_ Mexico CIty (FRP Semester) S _ 

c.tIlllcI MoreIia (Summer) S _ 
San Jose (Year) $1,- TUCCI (unguaglloo Society) S_ 
MonIMrde (BIology 0uarIIr) $" TI. 

..... _(Year) $1,- (year) 

........ (SemaIer) $1"" (stmester) 

...... ~ (Semester) 
(Year) 11 ....... 

NIditio,.", Scholtmhips 

51,. 
$ • 
11 •• 

EAP Alumni 8I1d GInIrII .............. ................................. ....................... .. ..... __ 
IkIwmM'CIEE AIrw. SdIaIII •• In .. TNnt Wortd .............................. .... 

=S:=::..1.':Jc;:: : : : : ::: : : ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.~ 
~=.:::::: :: : :: :::: : ::::::: :::::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.= 
.... ~ SIudIII) ................. ...... ............................ ............... ........... ... . .... 
............ A..a .... '1c1Scd1em CIIomIa .............................. ..... 

~ ... EcalIOI~ '*-'-' aM .......................................... ... 
..... ............ _ ............ , .. .,,, .. ,, ....... _., ............ ......... .................................... ... 

",. 7 ..... ..".., .. .....",,. __ .... 

r...... ... ,..... ... tt ........................ CIIIIr 

... flOtl tile ""ller'J C,IIege ClUb', 
Text6 •• " fll"elUJIg i, 

CHECK 
MONDAY'S GUARDIAN 

TO SEE IF IT'S YOU! 
COLLEGE CLUB MEMBERSHIP IS NOW FREE FOR 

ALL UCSD STUDENTS. COME BY OUR TABLE IN THE 
PRICE CENTER TO GET YOUR FREE COLLEGE 

VOICEBOX AND MEMBERSHIP I STUDENT 
DISCOUNT CARD OR CAll 550-1919. 

Edut;:atlon Abroad Progra.,. 

CONSIDER-~­
STUDYING ABROAD 

Australia. Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, ChIna, Co5ta Rica, 
Denmark, Ecuador. Egypt, France. Germany. Ghana, Hong 

Kong, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland. Israel. Italy, Japan, 
K~nya, Koreco, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Spain, Sweden, 

ThaIland. or the United Kingdom, or the USSR, 

The UC EDUCA110N AllC)M» .. oca.w IiAPI iOd the UC5D 0PI'ClQ1IIIIms 
AIIOAD PIOCiIAM toAPI ofer SI\ItI. wgrk,IrMl. MId iDII:IIIIbIA opportunities In 

these MId rNnY other COUIIITIes. AnoIlaIIDn Dednes lit soon . 

Impoltantlnformdon 
SessIon on EAr and OAP 

............. .....,...I0 __ •••• a .. 
• EMIl Ac.IdemIc CId • AIIIIldII AId Av ...... 

• TIIcMMdI 01 dGIIrJ In SchoIInhIps 

Wednesday, January 12, 7 pm, 
International Center Lounge 

For mew ~1fDrn1lllan Ql5)l.11 Z3 UC5D "" ..... __ MINA mice 

Thursday, January 6, 1994 

Alpine 
Skiers 
Tackle 
Slopes 
DOWNHILL: UCSD 
alpine ski team carves up· 
Mammoth in fllSt outing 
ByD .. S ...... y 
Guanl/an Reporter 

Ideal conditions led to quality ' 
performances by members of the 
UCSD Alpine Ski Club at Mam-
moth Mountain last weekend. The 
team competed against a number of 
other schools from the Southern 
California Collegiate Ski Confer-
ence in both Slalom and Giant Sla-
lom competitions. 

Friday's slalom and Sunday's 
Giant Slalom were both held on 
Mammoth's Fascination Run. 

The San Diego squad turned in a 
strong performance, especially con-
sideringtheyouthoftheteam. Many 
of the club's members are compet-
ing in their first year. 

UCSD's men seized a solid fifth-
place finish in the Slalom with a 
combined time of 459,99, behind 
USC (367.81), Cal Poly SLO 
(422.58), CSU Northridge (439.7 J) 
and UCSB (455.99), respectively, 
San Diego tallied a fourth-place 
showing in the Giant Slalom, 

The UCSD men were led by first-
year member Stephan Mueller. He 
made quick work of the Giant Sla-
lom, recording times of 34.46 and 
37.44 in the first and 'second runs. 

Mueller' s overall' time of 71.90 
captured first place and was a full 
second better than that of second· 
place finisher Brad Hungmord from 
the University of Pacific. Mueller 
was also a force in the Slalom, ici ng 
second place. 

Sophomore Justin Forbes, one of 
the team's veterans, showed the 
field that he meant business, finish· 
ing 14th in the Slalom and 15th in 
the Giant Slalom. 

Scott Goode turned in an overall 
time of 133.49, placing him 19th 
overall in the Slalom. 

Two other San Diege skiers, Gre-
gory Harmon and Darren Mac, 
showed substantial improvement. 
turnina in competitive times in the 
Giant Slalom even though they dtd 
not finish the Slalom event. 

Freshman Eric Nelson led 
UCSD's "B"-Team,collecting a sec· 
ond-place finish in the Giant Sla· 
10m. His overall time of 9 I.35, bet-
ter than many of the times posted by 
racers in the "A to race, gives him an 
excellent chance of advancing his 
position on the team and racing at 
the next level in the near future, 

The women, led by the blister-
ing speed of freshman Charlee 
McCullough. were also equal 10 the 
task. McCullough simply demol-
ished the Giant Slalom, posting an 
ov~ralllime of 86.91, good for sec-
ond place. 

"We have a lot of new racers this 
year, and they learned in the first 
race whallhey had to do," second· 
year member Forbes said. "We had 
a lot of people crash in the Slalom, 
but a111101l everyone finished in the 
Giant Slalom." 

The leam', next competition is 
It Mammoda on the. weekend of 
JIIlUIIY 13 and 16. .. 

•• • • ••• •• '.,111 ..... . , •••• • • • • •••• , ... ........ . ... ... . • •• • •. 

Tburlday, January 6, 1994 

FREE BEER! READ ON ••• 

............ ..ua.: 

ThIa wMll'. q ..... lona: 

The UCSD Guardian 

FUNGI: Triton 
football future set 
Continued from Pall. 14 
bench press an Aggie, race li ke a 
Cheetah with the endurance of an 
Ethiopian marathoner and leap tall 
buildings in a single-bound. 

Don't you see, thi could be the 
answer to everything. Student fees 
would no longer need to be raised, 
we could pour partial proceed into 
scientific research to fight AIDS, 
we could solve world hunger. It·s 
all in the cards. this football fungus 
thing. This could be the best thing to 
happen to UCSD since the naming 
of a college after a famou number. 

MIRAMA 
CAR WASH 

SPORTS 13 

- Send your entry on an 8 1/2· by 11 • 
sheet of paper along with your name, year 
in school. college you attend at UCSD. 
major and phone number to: Sports Edi· 
tor. UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive , 
0316 , La Jolla. CA 92093-0316. Or you 
can drop it off in the Letters box In the 
front of the Guardian office. located on the 
second floor of the Old Student Center. 
- The entry with the most correct an-
swers. as determined by judges. will be 
declared the grand prize winner and will be 
recognized When the quiz answers are 
printed the following week. In the event of 
a tie, a drawing will be held to determine 
the winner. A maximum of 15 correct 
e'ltries not selected as the grand prize 
winner will be considered runners·up. 

• I. What basketball team is cur-
rently in first place in the NBA's 
Central Division? 

The soon-to-be Tri ton legacy 
won' t have to worry about compet-
ing with the likes of Florida State or 
Nebraska for the big, brui sing, farm 
boy offensive lineman or comb the 
high schools in search of athletes 
with 0.0 speed in the 40. 

-------__ .J 

- The grand prize winner will receive a 
free dinner for two at BJ 's Chicago Pizze-
ria. Runners-up will receive a free pitcher 
of Michelob Draft beer, or .A>da. at BJ·s • 
located In the La Jolla Village Square. A 
list of all winners will be posted at BJ's 
each week and winners need to show 
identification to claim prizes. 
- UCSD students , staff and faculty are 
eligible to enter. exceptfor Guardian staff 
members and employees of 61' s Chicago 
Pizzeria. 
- Only one entry per person. No mass-
produced entries will be accepted. Entries 
must be at the Guardian by noon Wednes-
day. 
- Prizes must be claimed within two 
weeks of wimer's posting, afterwhlchthe 
prize is forfeited . 

. 2. What Senior PGA tour mem-
ber is more affectionately known 
as ''The Golden Bear?" 
• 3. Who is the leading scorer in 
the NBA? 
.4. What former Padre outfielder 
collected his 3,OOOth hit this past 
baseball season? 
• 5. What leam currently boasts 
the worst record in the NHL? 
.6. What learn will have the num-
ber-one pick in next year's NFL 
draft? 
.7. Who won the San Diego hosted 
1993 Holiday Bowl matchup be-
tween Ohio State and BYU? 
• 8. Who captured the 1993 col-
lege football national champion-
ship? 
• 9. Who will the L.A. Raiders 
play host to in the first round of the 
NFL playoffs? 
• 10. Who is the leading scorerfor 
the UCSD women's basketball 
team? 

Who needs to recrui t? With the 
miracle fungus on our side. the only 
combing UCSD wi ll have to do is 
the weeding out of the sighted fro m 
the blind. Any shmuck who is able 
Lo see and can move wi ll be tran -
formed intoa monster-hitting, touch· 
down-producing gridiron machine. 

What's going to stop our Divi· 
sion I rivals from stealing my sheer 
genius and creating a football dy-
nasty of their own? A paLent. UCSD 
will have sole trading rights with the 
Chinese caterpillar fungus farmers . 
After we have perfected the chemi-
cal formula, we can buyout the 
Chinese farmers altogether . . 

So there you have il - football , 
the thorn in UCSD's sport ' side. 
could save the world. Wow, l'm not 
feeling so left out anymore. 

I H·1t i lid Illl' [ IIIIIr :a l 7(i stat iun 
t\·l lJll. -Sut. H-G • 455-1 '120 

PRE-MED STUDENTS: 
We Can Teach You How 
To Write Better 
Lab Reports For 
Organic: Chemistry 14lA 

FIRST CLASS FREE Hoorn ' 205 Ga lbra ith H a ll 
Saturdays 10-12P.rn'$50 
9 WEEK COURSE 

"I'!:MU!!,UiliUiiiitl'1l!@WiiiiW!;III!!' 

In the long run, 
. men hit 

only what they 
aim at. 

Therefore ... 
they had better 

aim at 
something high. 

Henry Dlvld Thorelu 

Alpha Tau Omega, UCSD's newest fraternity, sets 
the mark high. That's why ATO is on campus 
recruiting men who want to take advantage of a 
great opportunity. As America's Leadership Devel-
opment Fraternity, ATO has the background and 
knOW-how to encourage you to aim high. As one of 
the oldest and most-respected fraternities in the 
nation, ATO has the foundation to provide a place 
where you are surrounded with trusted brothers 
who support you in college and out. ATO provides 
an opportunity for you to aim high. If you're not 
afraid of what you'll hit, ATO is the mark you're 
looking for. 

More Information: 
-7 pm Tonight, January 6, The Green Room, Price 
Student Center 
-Every day at the ATO table in Price Cen1&r 

-taIl1-800-798-9ATO 

-



, 

I"SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 6, 1994 

BRIANK. 

HmO 
I've got a 
Fungus for 
Football Tritons Exhibit Poetry In Motion 

WHiniER WHACKING: Without starters Van Noy and Matthews, UCSD stomps. visiting Whittier College, 78-62 
Not too long ago, somebody 

asked me if UCSO sponed a 
football team. I laughed. But in 
the wake of college football's 
bowl marathon and the rapidly 
approaching NFL playoffs, I'm 
taning to feel a bit left out. 

So, after not much thought, 
I have brilliantly devised a 
foolproof way to build a 
national gridiron powerhouse 
right here in our own backyard. 

With its imminent success, 
Trimn football will rake in 
millions of dollars in revenue, 
catapulting our chool past the 
miserly Divi ion IJ level and 
straight into the limelight 
world of Divi ion I football . 

We could join the WAC 
(wouldn't that be grand) and 
vie for a shot at the illustrious 
Holiday Bowl. Yes, this is my 
spons center highlight. 

Just how are we going to do 
it, you ask? Caterpillar fungus. 
It's all caterpillar fungus these 
days. The Chinese coaches are 
piling the plates of their 
runners and swimmers with the 
stuff and they' re shattering 
world records left and right. 

A mere three years ago, it 
took a rough-and-tumble game 
of ping-pong to produce a 
Chinese world champion. Now, 
with its running and swimming 
corps dominating international 
events, a world title is another 
stroll in the park for China. 

I have nothing against the 
Chinese. I think what they've 
accomplished is nothing shon 
of extraordinary. But from 
respected to world champion in 
two or three years - it has got 
to be the fungus. 

Well, why not us, I say? 
Hencefonh, UCSO scien-

tists are hereby ordered to 
cease all external projects and 
channel their collective 
energies into mass production 
of this fungus for our future 
gridiron warriors. We'll build 
them bigger, stronger, faster, 
better than ever before. 

We will spare no expense in 
obtaining the top Chinese 
strength and conditioning 
coaches, who will hold 
tonuously harsh practicc:s. 

With the fabulous fungus run-
ning amuck in the Triton veins, 
our football elite will boast 
Atlian-like specimens able to 

See FUNGI, Page 13 

By BrIan K. Hutto' 
Sports Editor 

Sometimes it seems Head Coach 
Tom Marshall's Triton men's bas-
ketball squad (9-3) could give any 

BH5KET 

-
~.,... 

BRLL 

team in the 
nation fits. 
Then there are 
those other 
times, when 
"bad" would 
be considered 
a term of ulti-
mate praise. 
For Marshall, 
every game is 
a craps hoot. 

UCSO's 
199 3- 94 

schizophrenic tour was rolling sev-
ens in last Tuesday's 78-62 home 
waxing of the Whittier College Po-
ets. 

The biggest question for Marshall 
was not which face the Tritons would 
show-it was the faces which would 
not be seen that worried the man. 

Starting guard Kareem 
Matthews, averaging 13.0 points per 
game and ranked second on the team 
in assists, was declared academi-
cally ineligible and will be lost for 
the season. 

Staning center Brian Van Noy, 
the team' s leading scorer (13.6 av-
erage) and rebounder (8.0), broke a 
bone in his left foot and will be out 
until at least the beginning of Febru-
ary. 

"Any time you lose your top two 
scorers and your leading rebounder, 
that's going to be tough on a team," 
Marshall said. 'That's a lot of points 
and rebounds that need to be ac-
counted for. 

"[Matthews 1 was our best defen-
sive big guard. We will have to 
figure out a way to guard the perim-
eter without him. The loss of Van 
Noy huns, but we have enough qual-
ity big people that we should be able 
to sustain our post play. I think we 
have the personnel to step up and do 
the job," Marshall concluded. 

Sophomore Khalil Allen pro-
vided some measure of reassurance 
in Tuesday's poetic burning. The 
6'5" forward, making his first stan 
of the season, owned the initial threl" 
minutes of the contest. 

Allen' s left-side baseline drive 
resulting in a thunderous dunk over 
helpless Whittier defender Kevin 
Wilborn put UCSO on the 
scoreboard and set the tone for what 
was to become of the hapless Poets. 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
.... ' . .........-: 

Fri., Jan. 7, La Jolla Classic at UCSD Main Gym, 6 p,m. 
Sat., Jan. 8, La Jolla Classic at UCSD Main Gym, 6 p.m. 

W ..... '.~ Tonight, vs. McKendree College at UCSD Main Gym, 6 p.m. 
Sat., Jan. 8, VS. Harding University at UCSD Main Gym, 2 p.m. 

••• L a"_ 
Fri., Jan. 7, vs. Emory University at Canyonview, 4 p.m. 

Sat., Jan. 8, vs. Emory University at Canyonview, 11 a.m. DI" Sat.-Sun., Jan. 8-9, UCI Invitational, Irvine, 10 a.m. 

YIIleIN ZoIfNInN I GutIIrJJ6II 
Maklna his first start of the year, Kahlll Allen scored nine pointe and pulled down six rebounde. 

There was no stoppi!,g Allen. He 
dunked. He rebounded. He assisted. 
He blocked. He scored. Allen would 
finish the contest with nine points, 
six rebounds, three steals and two 
blocked shots. 

Allen wasn't the lone Triton to 
stick it to the Poets - not by a long-
fellow. Nate Hantgin's baseline 
drive at the 13:30 mark in the first 
half put UCSO up to stay, 12-11. 

A Wilborn put-back at 12: 12 nar-
rowed the ever-growing San Diego 
advantage, 16-13, but after that 
things turned downright ugly for 
Whittier. The Poets failed to net a 
bucket over the course of the next 
eight minutes. 

In the meantime, point guard 
Rodney Lusain canned a three-
pointer from the left side. "Insta-
offense" senior Erik Johnson phoned 
in two deep three-pointers himself, 
nailing one a full five feet from 
beyond the arc. Hantgin pulled off 
the defensive gem of the evening, 
picking an errant pass and dishing 
off to sophomore guard Todd 

Benatar for a lay-up. 
The Tritons ran the score to 32-

13 before the Poets finally responded 
in the form of two Wilborn free 
throws at 4:09 left to play in the first 
half. 

Benatar's buzzer-beating fall-
away jumper from 17 feet had the 
Tritons up, 42-26, going into the 
locker room at the half. 

The Scoreboard 

UCSD 78 

WHITTIER G2 

The second half wasn't any pret-
tier for the Poets. When it wasn't 
draining shots from the perimeter, 
UCSO dropped the rock to 6'8" 
freshman Matt Aune. who finished 
with eight points, and 6'7" fresh-
man Evan Osmundson, who tallied 
four points and six rebounds. 

Hantgin's three-pointer at 16:27 

brought the score to 53-31 and then 
Benatar took the scoring reigns, nail-
ing two three-pointers and convert-
ing severallayups. 

Things were not all rosy for 
Marshall, as signs of the evil Mr. 
Hyde emerged from the always 
un predicable Tritons thfOUghout the 
game, especially in the second half. 

UCSO committed 16 turnovers 
and hacked 28 personal fouls. For-
tunately, the Poets shot only 48.5 
percent from the line and coughed 
up the ball 15 times on their own. 

When the final buzzer had sealed 
Whittier's fate, UCSO notched"an-
other one in the win column with a 
78-62 final tally. 

"We had a lot of good play from 
a lot of people," Marshall said. "I 
was disappointed with the turnovers 
and fouls, but Allen really stepped 
up. We're going to need him to play 
big." 

"Aune did a nice job filling in for 
Van Noy tonight," Lusain said. 
''There's no telling how much we 
will miss Kareem,'" 

JOKES, QUOTES AND AND~CDOTES 
In June, 1968, auto racer Buddy Baker's car blew a tire and 

smashed into a cement wall. Baker was quickly strapped into a 
runaway gurney and placed in the back of an ambulance. One 
problem, someone forgot to latch the back door . . 

When the ambulance took off, so did Buddy - out the back door 
and onto the track. Barely avoiding the oncoming race cars, he was 
finally flagged down by the forgetful medics. Ifthat wasn't enough, 
on the way to the hospital, the ambulance just mis ed nailing another 
car and plowed into some garbage cans. After examination, the 
medics offered to drive Buddy back to the track. He took a cab. 


