
ELSEWHERE 

AsMmblyOKa 
Domestic Partners 
SACRAMENTO - A 
measure to register unmarried 
domestic partners, without 
regard to sex, was narrowly 
passed by the Assembly 
yesterday. It has yet to be voted 
on by the Senate. The measure 
would allow couples hospital 
visiting rights, conservator 
rights and the right to will 
property to one another once 
the partners are registered with 
the Secretary of State' s Office. 
If the bill passes the Senate 
vote, the C.alifornia State and 
UC school systems may be 
forced to change their housing 
policies on domestic partnerships. 

UCD Holds Take 
Back the Night 
DA VIS - The 13th annual Take 
Back the Night program was 
held last week to educate UCD 
students about the effects of 
sexual assault and crime on 
society. The first national Take 
Back the Night march was held 
in San Francisco in 1978. 
Traditionally, the program has 
differed from year to year in its 
theme and mission statement. 
This year's statement stressed 
the widespread effects of 
violent crimes and pornogra-
phy on all groups in society. 

UCD Cuts Radio 
Station's Budget 
DAVIS - The UCD Associ-
ated Students Executive 
Council voted Wednesday to 
reduce its subsidies to UCD's 
radio station, KDVS, by 
$5,000. Employees of the 
station say that the move will 
severely restrict station 
operations and coverage of 
sporting events. Council 
members said that the decision 
was made to save students 
money on a service that is 
reportedly rarely used and to 
move KDVS closer to self-
sufficiency. "We wanted to save 
students some money and keep 
KDVS at the same time," said 
council member Adam Young. 

INSIDE 

FILMS 
HIATUI: Before paying 
$7, check out our guide 
to summer movies H1 

IPORTI: Triton baseball 
finishes third in College 
World Series 20 

INDEX 

UOlO BRIEFS .. ............... .. ...... ... 2 
OPINION ................... .. ............. 4 
f114TURES .•.•..... •• .................... 9 
IIIATUS .......................... ........ III 
CLASSIFIEDS ........................... IS 
sPOm ................................... 20 

H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1994 

Top Administrators 
Discuss Budget Woes 
FORUM: Students ask for 
answers to the problems of 
California's educational system 
By Ivan Dalvanthal 
Staff Writer 

In a two-hour open forum on higher educa-
tion Tuesday, several UC Regents and other top 
system administrators addressed the pressing 
issues facing the UC system. 

The forum was held to give students and 
faculty an opportunity to express their views 
and ask questions about current problems in the 
UC system. Issues discussed included 
California's economic crisis, the UC budget, 
access to the UC system, underrepresentation of 
minorities and the loss of faculty as a result of 
the Voluntary Early Retirement Incentives Pro-
gram. Approximately 80 people were in atten-
dance. 

The first half of the forum was devoted to 
what the panelists believed to be the current key 
issues in higher education. 

History Professor Steven Hahn said that the 
vitality of the University of California is essen-
tial to the success of the nation and therefore 
must be assigned high priority by the state. 

"The university is vital to the economic and 
political development of this country," Hahn 
said. 

Other panelists focused on the current Cali-
fornia budget crisis. "The economy is not sick 
because of a lack of money, but because we 
spend too much," said Regent Roy T. Brophy. 
"We have to stop irresponsible spending by the 
state and federal government." 

Regent Claire Burgener explained the crisis 
of the UC system in terms of the struggle be-
tween public safety and higher education. 

Burgener said that in 1983, 35,000 people 
were incarcerated in California prisons. Today, 
the number of people behind bars in California 
totals appro~imately 126,000. Burgener noted 
that while more state funding has been directed 
toward public safety, less dollars have gone to 
public education. 

See EDUCATION, Page 10 

Tim Chen/Guardian 
AIeocIIde a.1OIIor Tracy Strorw. HIItoIy PNi'"lor Steven Hahn and VIce ChIn:eIIor to 
AcademIc AffaIrs Joeeph Wlltlon 8ddIeIe educational problema durIrC T&*CIay'. forum. 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 82, ISSUE 20 

Scientist 
Charged With 
Research 
Misconduct 
HIV: School of Medicine 
investigating alleged misuse of 
AIDS virus during research 
By Dan Krauss 
Co-News Editor 

UCSD School of Medicine officials are in-
vestigating the conduct of a university scientist 
who has allegedly falsified research results, 
conducted unauthorized expenments on labora-
tory animals and mi handled the viru that causes 
AIDS. 

According to School of Medicine spokes-
woman Leslie Franz, Dr. Maurizio Zanetti was 
accused of violating biosafety regulations by 
using lab-grown cell that produce the human 
immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 

"The university takes these charges very 
seriously," said Franz, addjng that the UCSD 
Biosafety Committee responded quickly to en-
sure the safety of laboratory personnel. 

Biosafety Committee Chairman Dr. Michael 
Oxman said that Zanetti's laboratory was put on 
probation following the committee's inspec-
tion, which means that documentation will be 
more carefully inspected and Environmental 
Health and Safety officials will make unan-
nounced visits to the lab. 

Zanetti did not respond to several interview 
requests. Other UCSD officials involved in the 
inquiry, including Dean of Academic Affairs at 
the School of Medicine Dr. Paul Friedman, also 
declined to comment on the inve tigation until 
it is completed. 

Scientists agree that the HIV virus can only 
be transmitted through contact with infected 
blood or bodily fluid . The viru has a hort 
lifetime once it leaves the human body. 

" It was the committee's finding that lab 
workers were not at risk for infection," Franz 
said. Nonetheless, UCSD officials have made 
sure that the HIV -producing cell line has been 
destroyed, she added. 

Oxman said that documents related to the 
safety violations, which are typically available 
to the public, are not being relea ed on the 
advice of the UC General Counsel. 

Despite the fact that the university refuses to 
See CHARGE, Page 8 

Graduate Student Arrested On Rape Charges At Mesa 
By Erik Johnson 
Staff Writer 

A 28-year-old UCSD graduate 
student was arrested for the rape of 
a visiting 19-year-old female, who 
was sleeping at his Mesa Graduate 
Apartment following a party on May 
21. 

According to UCSD Police De-
tective Doug O'Dell, the alleged 
victim was visiting her boyfriend in 
San Diego, who took her and her 
friend to a party at the graduate 
student's apartment. After drinking, 
the four went to sleep in the bed-
room, when at approximately 5:40 
a.m. the alleged victim said she 

awoke to find the graduate student 
raping her. 

O'Dell said the alleged victim 
asked the graduate student to stop, 
and then pushed him off of her body 
without a struggle. The graduate stu-
dent returned to his bed and fell 
asleep. 

The alleged victim says she then 
woke her friend and asked her what 
to do, and they decided to wake the 
victim's boyfriend. 

The victim's boyfriend woke the 
graduate student and confronted him 
witb the charges of rape. 

The UCSD police received the 
first 911 call at 6:55 a.m. when a 

neighbor reported violent shouting 
coming from the apartment. The 
graduate student said that the al-
leged victim's boyfriend struck him 
once with an open hand and once 
with the handle of a whip that was 
hanging on the wall nearby. 

The graduate student fled from 
the bedroom through an open win-
dow and called police from a nearby 
apartment, to which four officers 
responded. After calling police a 
second time, the graduate student 
returned to his own apartment. 

After hearing testimonies, po-
lice arrested the student on charges 
of rape. The su pect and the victim 

were both taken to Sharp Cabrillo 
Memorial Hospital for examination. 

After the suspect was booked 
into San Diego County Jail , officers 
secured and searched the apartment 
after obtaining a warrant. The sus-
pect was released on bail later that 
night. 

According to Detective O'Dell, 
the alleged victim's boyfriend and 
the graduate student were long-time 
friends, but the alleged victim had 
not met the graduate student until 
the night of the party. The suspect is 
the only student from UCSD. 

The San Diego District 
See RAPE, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

A.S. Council Approves 
1994 95 Budget 
CHANGES: Programming office receives $26,<XX> 
more for campus-wide festival during Wmter Quarter 
By Judith A. Wlederhorn 
Associate News fditor 

The 1994-95 Associated Stu-
dents' Executive Budget was ap-
proved at the council's weekly meet-
ing last Wednesday. 

The most significant change in 
next year's budget is the increase in 
funds allocated to the 
A.S. programming, 
which has the largest 
budget of any AS. 
office. The $26,000 
increase will be di-
rected toward fund-
ing a school-wide fes-
tival to be held during 
Winter Quarter. 

According to AS. 

" [Tesak ) was very adamant about 
[student organizations 1 not being 
cut," Hancock said. 

In addition, the AS. administra-
tion and staff salaries budget was 
increased by $8,000 and the AS. 
council member stipends budget was 
raised by $2,000. 

Financial Controller 
Tuesday Hancock, 
Fall Quarter is higb-
lighted by welcome-
week events and 
Spring Quarter by the 
Sun God Festival, 
which leaves a gap 
in school-wide ac-
tivities during the 
winter. 

"We figured that 
we should have 
something 
similar to Sun God 
to unify the 
student. during 
the Winter 

Although sev-
eral budget items 
were increased, 
the majority were 
cut. According 
to finance com-
mittee member 
Jennifer Nicoll , 
the reason for 
such decreases 
in overall fund 
allocation is be-
cause of th e ex-
pected loss of 
revenue from 
the $13.50 stu-
dent activity 
fee . 

"There is a lull dur-
ing Winter Quarter," Quarter." 

"We're ex-
pecting fewer 
students next 
year, so we ex-
pect less activity 
fee money," 
Nicoll said. said Hancock. "We -Tuetday Hancock 

figured that we sbould 
have sometbing simi-

A.S. financial Controller Nicoll said 
that the A.S. bud-

lar to Sun God to unify the students 
during the Winter Quarter." 

A.S. Commissioner of Program-
ming Jessica Nathanson said that a 
date and theme for the festival will 
be decided next year. 

The i!lcreased budget will also 
give Nathanson funding for addi-
tional programming events. 

''There is more money to spend, and 
we'll also get to do more shows," 
Nathanson said, adding that free 
T.G.s often deplete much of the 
programming budget. Unlike otber 
concerts, T.G.s cannot offset costs 
with ticket sales. To guarantee funds 
for additional T.G.s, Nathanson 
hopes to implement an entrance fee 
for oon-TG shows. 

"On shows that aren't a T.G., I'd 
like to subsidize the event through 
ticket sales so that the money will 
still be there for the next event," 
Nathanson said. 

While other AS. budget items 
were cut, the unallocated budget for 
student organizations received a 

iii $1,000 boost in funding at the urg-
ing of A.S. President Carla Tesak. 

geted according to an enrollment 
estimate of 13,700 students, a 
signifigant drop from this year's 
14,200 students. However, $75,000 
of remaining funds fIn the 1993-94 
budget will carry over to help com-
pensate for tbe loss of money. 

The items most affected by the 
estimated decrease in student en-
rollment are AS. Operations and 
Services, KSDT and college coun-
cils. The operations and services 
budget will be cut by approximately 
$2,000 and KSDT budget will be 
cut by $3,000, mainly in operating 
expenses. College council bud-
gets will also be cut by the esti-
mated decrease in enrollment. 

Tesak and A.S. Business Man-
ager Josie Hollinger designed tbe 
budget by comparing budgeting 
requests of each A.S. department 
for next year with the amount 
spent this year. The budget then 
passed through the A.S. Finance 
Committee and, after minimal 
changes, the A.S Council approved 
the final budget. 

ERRATA 
In tbe May 31, 1994 Guardian article, "UCSD Staff Member Running 

for Senate," Don Lake is a Peace and Freedom party candidate for tbe 76th 
State Assembly seat. The Guardian regrets the error. 

GU;UIIDN 

The UCSD Guardian Thuraday, June 2.1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

III . ~'I'~! ~T ~ '«lIJ 
\X)1Nf;. "" .. KING ~R 
AATS~ ~ t ~ 
r-..._~ Q£,l\X)! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

1XlM't 11£ RlOIC.ULOJS. "'IS 
I<; iII~ ()fF'C~ ~ 
Of CIJR ltIl>-~CR.Er C.UI8, 
G.RO.S,':>,- ~ RIo Of 

S\.,~ GlltLS! 
\ 

I \(M)III 1W.lS 
~~T, M 
01lI~1'SE IT 

~~'t~ 
MrnIK>. IQI 

C3:) ~"1 . 

QRL$ 
II!1KT 
Sl\MY! 

DeN\' fiET QINC. 
ON IE . t 'IOOIC. 
" (V.1\\ l"~T 
So'1\JQ.~~ Nt\) 
l'M AU. ct.EAA . 

I~ lK i'f5T, 
'IOO~E ~ '" ~, 

~~Of 
*T 1)J1l104 

CAI5'5~. 

'Jane Roe' To Sign Books At UCSD 
Nonna McCorvey, "Jane Roe" of Roe v. Wade, will 

appear on campus at the UCSD Bookstore on June 15 
to dlSCUfS and sign cbpies of her book, I Am Roe: My 
Life. RotJ v. Wade, and Freedom of Choice, at noon. 

Nonna McCorvey was a pregnant. unwed mother ot 
two when she agreed to take her fight for a legal 
abortion to the Supreme Court. McCorvey was a 
wortdng woman from Louisiana who couldn't face the 
psychological pain of carrying an unplanned pregnancy 
to tenn only to give the child up for adoption. She 
initially sought an illegal, -back-alley· abortion. but 
wound up giving birth to the child during the lengthy 
legal battle. Soon after she decided against an illegal 
abortion, McCorvey was introduced to two attorneys 
who were looking for a client with whom to test the law 
against abortion. She became Jane Roe, the plaintiff 
in the court case that granted American women the 
freedom to choose abortion. 

Revelle'. 'Watermelon Drop' 
Scheduled For Tomorrow , 

UCSD's annual "Watennelon Drop· will take place 
at noon tomorrow. at the 7th floor of Urey Hall. The 
Revelle College tradition marking the end of the school 
year will commence when the Watennelon Queen 
proceeds from the Revelle Commuter Lounge to Urey 
Hall . She will then drop two watennelons from the top 
floor of Urey Hall, in an attempt to break previous 
velocity records. 

The Watennelon Drop originated with UCSD's first 
undergraduate class in 1965. All Revelle freshmen 
were required to take Professor Bob Swanson's phys· 
ics class, the final exam for which included a Question 
asking what the velocity on Impact would be of a 
watennelon dropped from the top of Urey Hall. The 
class held an actual watermelon drop after the test 
and voted on a -Watennelon Queen.' After the event, 
watennelon will be served by the Revelle Programming 

Board to everyone who partiCipates. 

Math Graduate Student ~n. 
Science Consortium'. First Ph.D. 

Sara C. Billey. a graduate student in mathematics, 
has become the first student to graduate with a Ph.D. 
from the National Physical Science Consortium (NPSC) 
six·year fellowship program. 

Billey participated in orl-slte research with Intema-
tional Business Machines (IBM) before receiving her 
doctorate from UCSD for her thesis on polynomials. 
She received her undergraduate degree In mathemat-
ics from MIT. 

NPSC Is a coalition of leading universities, national 
laboratories, government agencies and private corpo. 

• rations which provide fellowships to women and m~ 
norities studying the physical sciences. NPSC head-
Quarters has been located at UCSD since 1988. 

Koto Master Noriko Tsubol To 
'erfoim at Mandeville on June 4 

The UCSD Department of Music will present a Koto 
recital directed by Koto master Noriko Tsubol, Satur-
day, June 4 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
The group will present works by Tadao Sawal, 
Yatsuhashi Kengyo, Elizabeth Falconer. Yutaka Makino 
and Ichiyuro Koide. After Tsuboi received the Sawai 
Academy of Music Special Research Lecturer's lI.ward 
in 1987, she studied composition and performance at 
the academy. Tsuboi has performed with the Kazue 
Sawal Koto Ensemble, as well as In the "Bang On "A 
Can· festival in New York. She Is currently a guest 
lecturer in the Department of MUSic at UCSD. : 

Tickets to the concert are free and can be obtained 
only at the door on tt,,! night of the concert. Please call 
534-5404 or 534-32:..'9 for more Infonnation or con-
cert changes. 

ELAINE CAMUSO, Associ.te News Edilor 
DAVID CHO, PIlolo Editor 

Thom=s Br.cl Walller 
!)III : Morlan Jolliff •• J.ff larsen. Brenna LaUlam. BrIan lH 

BRIAN K. HunO. Sports Editor 
DAN KRAF1', AsSOCiate Spotts Editor 

DAN KRAUSS, C~News Editor 
MARCUS L08I1A, Desl,n Editor 

'*»TOGItAPM1II1: T,mothy Chen. Dan McDowe'I. C~n Amy llot 
COPY IIIADIIII: Oouc Alexander. Sarah Fernald. Sar. Jenny wrenn 
IYPIIT: Tim lin • 
IDIIORIAL AIIIITAIfT: Gina Fretchl. TecId Ladd 
ADVIIITJIINQ AIIIITAIfT: T .... Eoff 

lito (,(SDGo.w1fInilpoAllllNdMllrdlrlnlluldlrs ..... adIoIIIc ""IIJ II1II tar .. ..-. 
oI(,(SD. ~oIlIIiI ......... In.,fDnn._In .... I/fInJ*l, .............. iI 
1CIicII' .......... O 1* ..... _ IIItUC:SO~III11tl ___ tar .. """'oI 
..-&od"*",,",," .. 1Il lito ........... Iro ......... II1II ..... - .. -.... 1IItl-'l __ ...... 01 lilt laD ~ .. ~ 01 CIIIamIo, ... 

JEFF NIESEL, HI.tus Editor 
ALEXANDER THIESEN, Co-News Editor 

JUDY WlEDIRHORN, ASSOCiate News Editor 
YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, AsSOCiate Photo Editor 

CIIICUUTlClfl AlllSTAIfT: DevId RocfCers. er .. Stokle 

............. ".(,(SD~ ....... _ ...... r"' .... IIItl .. CIIaI ..... 
,...1IIi* I .... 

alC lCIIaIDT, Editor In Chief 
MION IUTCIII, PrDducrIon .,....,., 

DOUI MIX-NOD, Opinion EdtDr 
1IWtIIICMI1LIDIOE, Coptf Editor 
... .ucua, GraIIhIc. EtIItof 

IINIOII alAPP WMTIItI: !Wren ~ FqncIKo DeVtM. lien FnuncI. Jenny o.I::W:: JoIIneOn. Jonne PIIrMf. IWn ...,.,.,..,. De\PId Snow. c_ Udell 
~ ...... ,Enn.-.-..... OIIQ .... _ .... 0eIwnIIIeI JolIn Go«re,' 
Den ..... DInIII HInt. MelllNJeoaba, EIIk~. OUIII ~.·IIob~· 
CeIIcIa ~. ENz...., .....,.. ,.,.,.., MIIImed. MuIIII MoaIIhy' 
JlMlferNloOll • ........,H_ ....... JefI~ ~ ......... 1IlIus.-. MerY 
..... SedIeeIl. ............... o.n -...r. K8Nn WIIIII 1LLUITItA-= M40M CNft. NIIIIen EIIIn. 00nIInIc laIIIIIa. /IrA ~ ~ 

Elllton .. : 534-41580, ....... 0fItce: !l34-34ee. F .. : 534-18111 
UCSD II.....", 1100 a ........ Drive 0318, 

... JoIIe, CA 12013-0318 
.......... : --,...,. UCIO 1lullMtc.. ........ 'A' 

Thunda,.. June 2. 1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

International Center Student Employees 
Fired Under Questionable Circumstances SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 

SENtRY JOBS: Students released without explanation 
By EIIaIbetII ....... 
St.If Writer 

Three students were fired last 
week from positions at the Intema-
tional Centerundcr questionable cir-
cumstances. 

The studenla, members of a cus-
todial maintenance and mervation 
crew at the center, were told by Cus-
todial SupervilOl' Frank Jacbon that 
they would not be needed after the 
end of the quarter. 

One of the ltudents, graduating 
Revelle senior Su Ob, said that 
Jackson's notification of her termi-
nation included the statement, "It's 
my right.. .. I can exercise this right 
and I've chosen to do that." Oh said 
Jackson then informed her of his 
decision to hire a new crew. ' 

According to ~b, wben sbe 

RAPE: Alleged 
aime WIder San Deigo 
DA investigation 
Continued ....... ..,.1 
Attorney's Sex Crimes division will 
determine if there is sufficient evi-
dence to prosecute the student. A 
hearing date bas not been set. 

ACXlOI'ding to Nancy Wbalig, di-
rector of UCSD's Student Safety 
Awareness program, "This seems to 
follow a typical acquaintance rape 
- it was somebody the survi-
vor knew and thought sbe could 

pmeed Jackson for the reason be-
hind her termination, he usured 
her that she had done a good job 
and had not done anything 
wrong. 

However, Oh said she feels that 
the decisioo was arbitrary. "I feel 
like I wu wronged, but technically 
he [Jackson] bad the right to do it." 
JacbJn dediDcd to CIOIIIIDe& 

International Center Facilities 
Supervilor Joe Arcialater supported 
Jackson's right to fire the students 
without providing them with a spe-
cific reason. However,Arciaadded, 
"I really don't ICC a problem in 
telling them why (they were no 
longer needed.]" 

Arcia said that the center needs 
only one worker for the summer 
and believes it would be unfair to 
hire only one of tbe three fired 
students. Arcia added that an em-
ployee with experience in painting 

trust. " 
Wbalig said that an estimated 

55 percent of women and 75 per-
cent of men have consumed alco-
bol prior to a sexual assault and 
that 8S percent of rapes are com-
mitted by acquaintances. "Both 
men and women need to look at 
their consumption of alcohol," 
Whalig said. 
- -what makes this one different 
is that she reported it to the police 
- this gives a real clear message; 
this is a crime," Wbalig said. She 
added that the U.S. Justice Depart-
ment estimates that 1 in 10 rapes 

•• They delerYe a P'lciution portrait. 

••• EIpeeiaIIy IiDee JOII can eharp it 10 .. credit cardl 

III 
~ ............. ..... 

~ located in La Jolla 
For aD appointmeat eaU: 

••• -.,., OR ••• - •••• 

r---NEW PATIENT SPECIALI-., 
Costa tVertfe 'Dentistry 

" :$4SQa 
_ ~ EXAM, 

" ClEANING & 
./ . X4AYS ......... 

,...,. CODtI'I1C A rAMILY DDITII'DlY A ORAL SVRGaY 
A We're opeD ewaiap aad weekeadsl 
A Our prices aN uabeIievabIy aftoIdIblel 
A Prompt aod patIe care In a beauIifu) private oIIiccl 
A Slraial*n teeth without braces 
A SpecialInb~ o(fer--$ISO teeth wbifeniDa (per udI) 
A 24 HoIr Bmelpacy Availablel 
• PIeaIy of". puIdnal 

CALlUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

6~·1007 
1650 GIftI.11 Ave., .... 312 

W.aocopt ....... ncI ..... _ ........ a.tItCillldl 

, 

wuneeded. 
Ob said that she bad expected to 

be working at the International Cen-
ter through the summer. "I pfetty 
much assumed that [the job) was 
ongoing unlesa I was fired for a 
reason," she said. 

"The only policy that I knew of is 
that you can work only a quarter 
after you've graduated, .. she added, 

However, the university's policy 
does not remain in effect during tbe 
summer. According to Cbris 
Alexander, a student affairs of-
ficer at Career Services, all part-
time student jobs that originate 
at the Part-Time Employment Of-
fice officially end June 30, or 
June 18th if the student is on 
work-study. 

"No departments are under obli-
gation to extend any student beyond 
June 30," Alexander said. 

are reported. 
WOlDen's Resource Center col-

lective member Michelena Naud 
added that, "It's really bard [as a) 
woman to come out and report a 
rape, when you know your voice 
'may be ignored." Naud said thai 
women should be cautious when 
drinking witb Slrangcrs and should 
use escorts on campus when p0s-
sible. 

Student Safety Awareneas is 
available for rape counseling and 
preventative workshops, and can be 
reached at 534-5793. 

SELF STORAGE 
458·1950 ~ 

8440 Ea.tga .. Court 
San Diego 92121 

STUD_NT .p.elAI. 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (~rst four months) 

• PlUS SO% OFF first 
month's rent 

• All sizes available 

• Bank cards accepted 

• Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 

• OPEN 7 am to 7 pm I 
7 days a week 

• Close to UCSD 

• Reserve early & avoid 
lAST DAY RUSH! 

HEPATITIS 
.• 

If you have been affected with Hepatitis e, you could 
qualify as a plasma donor. earn extra cash, and benefit 

medical researchl 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682·5252 

l111et1rive MCAT Prep: 
I) DIll! works ... don't senle for less! 
2) combinel fregycgl in-class MeAT instruction & real MCAT testing with 
. carefully guided home study. 
3) is correlated with MCAT .pg;ga. 
4) may be the factor to get DIl into medical school. 

Columbia MCAT Review: 
I) aD independent, fun-service program taught by MeAT experts (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates &: English Department Ph.D. faCl!lty). 
2) specializcs in """Iyc MCAT prep ct medical school admissions assistance--- " 

they are all we dol 
3) originated the concept of MIg"A'"C MCAT PRP" bere in San Diego in 1985, 

benD of simulators! 
4) offen Nn than any other prep course: the most total hours, the most qualified 

&: experienced instructors, the most up-to-date materials, unlimited free tutorial 
&: appUcatioD/acimissioDs assistance, all at the •• 1 pltl 

5) to-mt track record of "double-digit" MCAT scores &: "top choice" med school 
acc:eptancel for our ltudenta. 

f) ,n deW! P' 9Bpu at the UCSD School of Medicine. 

S"".,.,. 1"4: 
Claslel bepn 1",12" and are already 1/2 full. Limited enrollment. Don't setJle for leas! 

Columbia Review 
,. "."" .tll ,,"""".' 

ENROll NOW! 456·8488 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorllll BotItrJ 

DOUGLAS AlEXANDER. Editor In Chief 
BRIAN K. HUTTOI ~ EdItor 
AlEXANDER THIESEN. News Editor 

ANNA VAlSMAN. Opinion Editor 
TIle UCSD Gu_llllUbMahed ....... _.1118 u~ 01 CeI-" Sen 0Iet0. Contenta 01_. ~_ .,_MeI heNln _1118 II1IjottIJ _ of tile ____ • Ind .. not 
-Iy "- 011118 UC ~ of ~. 1118 ASUCSD. nor 1118 _ ~ 11811. 

VERIP Sacrifices Quality 
For Short-Term Gain 

Facing a $341 million funding cut from the state of California, the UC 
syste~ recently implemented its fourth Voluntary Early Retirement 
Incentives Program (VERlP) to cut costs by enticing experienced faculty 
and staff members who receive higher salaries into retirement. 

~ UC executives deliver the tangible message of $155 million 
savmgs, top UC employees are abandoning their posts for fmancial 
bonuses that are difficult to ignore. Retiring UCSD Vice Chancellor for 
Academic Affairs Marjorie Caserio said thai many faculty members 
"found that they would have to work alleast eight more years to receive 
the same pension level [that they are receiving under VERIP]." Many 
employees who accept VERIP realize that they can retire from the UC and 
~~t positions at other universities and research institutions, doubly capital-
IZmg by grabbing California's prize package as well the salary from a new 
job. 

Despite the UC Office of the President (UCOP) assertations that 
VER!P is "necessary" to combat the university'S financial crunch the 
move is only a short-term solution to the state's deep educational crisis. 
W1;il(; UC system has been renowned as one of the world's prime learning 
centers, each time a senior employee opts for VERlP, this quality and 
prestige is sacrificed. This not only affec:ls students, who will be robbed of 
valuable faculty, but it may actua1ly have a negative financial impact: as 
the big-name professors take the money and run, research doUars may 
foilow. 

In addition, the UCOP has made only limited plans to fill the vacancies 
left by ret.irees. Many positions will be left vacant, dumping the research 
and teachmg workload on the shoulders of remaining employees, who are 
already overworked in a "publish or perish" system. And classrooms that 
are bloatt;d today, will be bursting tomorrow. VERIP will only add to the 
UC's problems. 

A paramedic does not treat a severed leg with a band-aid, nor should the 
UCOP and California treat the UC system in such a way. The conse-
quences ~f California '5 lackluster attitude toward education have yet 10 be 
fully realized, but must be before any semblance of integrity is recovered. 
UC President J8Clt Peltaaon himself made the understatement that "we 
were slow to comprehend the depth and duration of California's fiscaJ 
problems. "The public, JCDCraUy unaware the vital role which the state's 
sy~~ of higher education serves, must make quality schooling a top 
pnonty. 

SmOking Bill Is Dangerous 
. ~ Camel ian't in good favor these days. After yean of IoIeruce ad 
~rence, the American public bas finally realized the obvious: IIIDIlkiD& 
IS neither sexy nor 0001 and the tobacco industry is DOC on our side. While Ibe 
backlash against smoking has begun 10 carry Probibition-style moral over-
tones, forcefully trying to save smokers both from thellllldves ad pedatory 
tabacaJ oompanies, the fact remains that tougber mguIatioa is needed. 

~ federallegisl~ push for higher "sin taxes" ad pater repIaIion 
on Cigarette production, the most important baale on the 11* ad locallevela 
is to protect non-smokers' right to live, work and socialize in lIIIIOke-free 
envirom. 

Tobacco companies, of rowse, have DOC stood idly by. In California, 
PlUUip Morris (the maker of Marlboro, and the largest U.S. tobacco 
manufacturer) wrote the "Smoking and Tobacco Products Statewide 
Regulation Ini~ative Statute" ~vely packaged as a starewide get-
tough-on~smo.king measure, the initiative has gained 607,000 signatures 

I from Callforruans - enough to place it on the ballot. 
If passed, Phillip Morris' initiative would essentially override local 

smoking ordinances, making it the sole law reguIating smoking in CaJifcRa. 
~~ ~ould be ~ incredible oonquest for the tobacco industry. Under the 
lrutlative, smoking would be permitted in workspac:les (i.e. private offic:es, 
conference roolm, smoking lounges and 2S pen:cnt of employee cafeteria 
space) IS well as restaurants (up to 2S percent of the seating.) The initiative 
would loosen regulations on cigarette advertising and veodina maclIines. In 
addition, the initiative would preempt enforcement of smoking regu1atioas 
by local health ~cia~s and place the respoaibility on loca1 police and CaI-OSHA: The legislative Aualyst estimates that the initiative would cost 
Californians $1 million per year, though no new money is provided. 
. . ~. course, most Californians who siped the petition to place tbe 
lrutlat.lve on the ballot believed they were streagtbening California 
smoking l~~ ~d virtually aU of them were 'unaware that Phillip Morris 
wrote the Inlhahve. Though suclt dece~t is DOC surprising. there is a good 
~Ide t? the story: ~ initiative can still be pulled from the baUot. Citing 
. contJnu~ oomplamts" from ligners of the initiative who lIy they signed 
It under false pretenses," acting Sec:rewy of State Tony Miller bas 
launched an investigation of the case. MHIer aid chat be wilJ not "certify 
any measure for the ballot IlIlt met the signature requirement only by 
breaking the law." 

We commend Millers' efforts and hope ..... If. Initiative .... it to 
tbet.lJot,thepublle~'tbedeceivedapin. 'I1Ie~iDIIIIIIry"'lied 
10 .. pablic far too Joaa ad at the cost of too .., Uvea. 

...... UCSD Cuardiaa 

PINION 
• 

Nathan Ettln/~ 

SOME OPTIMISM LEFT 
COMMENTARY: Our generation faces many difficulties in a cruel and 
nasty world, but this is no reason to whine and snivel 
By PhIlIp MIc ..... 
Senior StrIt'r Writer 

ooming back. 

I won't be apeapng at my apaduatioo ceremony next 
week. I would lib 10 blame this on some institutional-
ized COIIIpiracy IQ keep me silent, but the truIb is I jlllt 
plumb fOQJOIto lppIy unIiIaftertbe deadline 1wI pISIed. 
So IIl1ICb for martyrdom. 

'I1IiIIt eout it. BId bain:uts. 8eUbonoms. Peter 
FrtImpIOII, fur God'11Ike. Must we live tIuougb this beD ' 
apin? I 

So ... is reuon to be cIepreIIcd, but too many 
membersofmygenerationbaveJOC8entbemsclvesworired 
up inIo a mit about the problems facing the world today. 
Onaucb culllnl bIU'ometeasas theeveninancws, "'Melrole NcvertbeIess, thea is a apeciaI placc in my heart for graduation IpeCdles. 'Ibere is IOIIIC-

dUng deeply symbolic about them-
tbey are tbe laIt WOlds, tbe CClIIdud-
ing refnin, Ibe fiDaI dIIpIDr nf four 
yean ofhiper ........ Iodeed, a 
graduation spcedI is DOt uaIib tbe 
final nail beiDI driven iDto the ooIin 
of oae'l aJlIep yean. 

At the risk of IOWIdina scntUJ.. 
tal, I will probably look back at my 
four yean bere with mild atIedion. 
My colIep yean marked a lime of 
unparaUeIed learning, and I am DOt 
jUSl taIkina about the things you !elm 
from boob, like the law f1 entropy or 
which war the Treaty ofGbent ended. 
I am talking about the sort of pncIical 
knowledge that will continue to 1Ur-
face tbrougboutlife. 

o I have 1eamed that you can pt 
pretty far in life with a kind word and 
a fine silt tie. 

0 1 bawlcamed thatit is not always 
ncceuary to do Ibc required rading. 

• I have 1eamed that graduate 1tQ_ 
dents ahouId be bunted for sport. 

o I have learned that "Kilroy Was 
Here" by Styx is a vastly underraIed 
album. 

0 1 have learned that Davidoffs are 
the best cigars this side of Cuba. 

........ _ ..... 
d •• ..., .,.....c 
IIbout ..... 1Ion 
..... cII •• -tIIay 
...... 1aIt words, 
the 00. a ..... .. 
...,. ... ,.... 
chapter or,.. 
, ........... 
......... ILtli.~ 
.......... 
..... cII ...... ~ 
fInII ...... .... 
.1, ..... .. 
coftIIl of one'. 

Place" and M'IV. people are wring_ 
ing their bands about the forthcom-
ing apocaIypee, And this . 

.. IfOWlDI 
neptiVlty bas lpawned a adture of 
vicJimbond - a IOciety wbere ev-
ery individuaJ daima to be Mop-
JR8ed, " wIlD COIIIpinIcies lurk 
.... ewry CIIIIIIer IDd where IIIY-
'* wbo is dift'enmI than you lallDt 
to be trusted. 

'Jbcre'loaIylOlllUdJtollil-p 
eratiooof .... DOOII.~,anybow. 
1brougbout~ ....... nkindbas 
been plapecl by paeratioas of 
youths who tboupt .... they were 
gRJWingupwonotbalilbeirparents. 
. "('Ibey retumod) to fiIId all" 
dead, all wars fought, all faiths in 
man abaken," wrote F. Scott 
Fi..,.ad, the "Melrole Place" of· 
tbe 19lOl..AIId ..... youtbinltabout 
it, be ..... JOOd JeaIOII to be de- ' 
PIJIIed, willi with a World War . 
lICIIIIIdy ","""tried, proIibitioa ill 
fidlswiDaaDd WIlleD O. Hardiui in· 

. die While Iba Nawldaya, we. 
have life C<IIIlpIDdvely easy . 

0 1 have Jeamed, much to my 1Or-
row, that when women say they are 
1ookin& for a py with a ICnIII of 

Not IbllIbe 'Io'Udd .·lc:urmdJr · 
haablwillrillow ..... bllndot 
peril. h'a "juaaI~ QUI there: good 
cIoea DQt aJwayaldampb ovw evil. 
virtueil Dot always· rewarded ad 

coIItCe Y.... the beIO .... ly, .if ,"" ridea off 
humor they are, inevitably, teWDa a vUe fib. 

But more than anythina.1 line Icamed that Ibere is a 
distwbi .. mood afoot, a fcelina ci peIIimism IIIIOIIp 
membenofmyplltiaalarage group. To a ClCdlinextent, 
this p_miIm .. completely llllderstudable. The 
....., itlWful. with jobs fIdkIa cQ nf sipt faster 
dian M"'·' career. DeItb, devasratiaI and horror 
are sweepillllCroll Bosnia, R ..... and certain puIS of 
F1orida. And IS if that weren·la.denougb, the 19'701 are 

victoriously into ........ . 
"life." IS my fatberoncellid, "don't owe you nothing 

but a kick in tbe ... " And life, willi ita hdaed __ of 
faimesa, is ....uy quite cap to ply that otI m IpIdes. 

'Ibe untalellled ad IIIIIibbIe IIUCClIIed without any 
nodoeable pIIIIm of ewn.J.Mrd_ or dec:enc:y. The 
arne cruel tate that decldccIlbe woefully afinny Pauly 
SIIore ... dlbriw in Ibe movie buaiIICII bualloturaed its 
bacIt 011. equaUy reprebensible Yahoo Serious. WbiJe 

See CIfOICD. Page e 

Thanda,~ J_e 2, 19M The UCSD GuardilD OPINION 5 

CO.MENTARY: We cannot afford to link China's human rights problems with its Most Favored Nation trade status 

THE TROUBLE WITH THE MFN WEAPON 
IJAnMv ...... 
Opinion Editor 

Like many OCher nationa, alina 
enjoys loog-sllDding trade benefits 
which allow il to export goods to the 
United Slates at the lowest tariff rates. 
This is !mown better as MFN (Most 
Favorcci Nation) status. Otina 'a MFN 
trade status bad been annually re-
newed under presidents Carter, 
Reagin and Bush. It was good busi-
ness. It was policy. That is, until 
1989. 

In 1989 the Taananmen Square 
uprising oa:urred. The incident be-
poasapeaceful pro-democracy dem-
onstration and turned into a massacre, 
with war tanb patrolliDg the streets 
and l1uocndI 01 proteaten, including 
students, being &bot. 

1989 was also the year commu-
nism feU in Euacm Europe. With 
tben-Soviet Premier Mikbail 
Gorbechev'sactioosserviDgasacara-
lyst, revolutionl lOOk place within 
pemmenIItbllmaaypeopieviewed 
.. IDIic, IIUCb .. OermIIIy. PaIand 
and ROmIDia. A few yemlaler. eveo 
the U.S.S.R.ewotualJycrumblediMI 
its various c:buDb and c:rumbI. 

If ClIina bad beea ~ the 
Sovieteumple with commuailt rule, 
why did it DOt dwIp .. weD? 

'I'IkiD& tbe U.s.s.R. .. acompad-
soo,COIJUIIUIIism ~arelalMly 
short amount of time to 0IIabIiIb, bill 
a rather long amount of time to 
disestablilh. While Gorbacbev's 
Pnsboibraulled invariousrefonDs 
in tbe U.s.s.R., 0Iina enjoyed 110 
sud! refoonist Ieadenbip. Thus, tbe 

Tiananmen Square uprisina began, 
with alone man facing a row of army 
tanb. 

In the meantime, our own presi-
dent George Bush was beginning a 
long strvaIe with Congress 10 con-
tinueOtina'aMFN trade aaatus. How-
ever, Congtas bad by then decided 10 
link trading policies to buman rights. 
After all, money talks -louder than 
words, unfortunately. 

Last year alonc, the United States 
imported over $31 billion of Cllinese 
products. But to mention that alonc 
would make this a 0DHided story. 

The other side includes the fact 
that the U.S. trade deficit is $23 bil-
lion, strong and growing. CaDceIing 
MFN would have catapulted this al· 
ready alarming amount 10 sky-bish 
proportions, because trading without 
the MFNleverage would meanbigber 
CI08Is of importing. 

Since we would trade with c0un-
tries other than alina, witboul MFN 
we would have to pay lbeir JUaber 
tariff rates, thus incRasin& tbe c0n-
sumer COlt of the producIs we would 
import. 

III addiIioo, according to tbe U.s. 
Commen:e Department, we export 
IIf'IIIOIimately $8.8 billion in prod-
UdI 10 China e8Cb year. incIudiog 
$2.2 biDioa from tbe llerospace indus-
try (1MinIy from the Boeing Com-
.-Y. which _lis about ODe in six of 
i1s new airpI8Dea to 0Iina). The llelO-
IpICJe bIdusIry also provides about 
167,(XX) AmeJicIIII with jobs. If Ibe 
MFN bad been diIcontinued, the 
UDited Statea would line kilt over 

DISPOSABLE 

~$129 
• ........ I,..t.lln 

Gn .. Hllel 'leltt 
... 3 Mo. DISfaWLIS 

-$169 
• ....... 1ICIId fWD • __ a. 

• c.u. IllIIAMI 
·No_ ..... 

.. ........ 

••• 

Prelldant ClInton, 
d •• pIIe .... 
reluctance to take 
_."anthe .. 
-, recognized 
that .... .. 
thralllenl ... ChIna 
with revoldlC MFN 
would obviously 
force CNna'. 
laid ... to bcke • 
...dar look ... 
...... rII&Ills 
probl.., I would 
......... 
........ COUI*Y 
economIcl., at 
IeISt _ much_I 
would ... rt CIIIn& 

S40 billion per year in trade. 
President ainton, despite his re-

luctance to take a stand on the issue, 
has conectly recognized that while 
threateningalinawith revokingMFN 
will obviously fon:e its leaders to take 
a harder look at its buman rights prob-
lelm, it would also end up burting our 
COUDtryccooomicallyatleastasmucb 
IS it would burt anna. 

This is not to downplay the seri-
ousnessofalina'shumanrightsprob-
lems. Countless dissidents have been 
jailed and tortured. Not surprisingly, 
this is similar to the "Soviet model" 
- nobody really knows jUSl how 
many political dissidents in thefonner 
U.S.S.R. were sent to prison camps in 
Siberia or kiDed. 

The threat of revoking MFN has 
definitely played a role in freeing 
many dissidents in OUna,such as Yu 
Haoc:heng, whose 10 previous peti-
tions to go abroad had been refused 
by Communist authorities. 
Haocben& now 66 years old, is the 
former editor in chief of the Masses 
P...:;tisbingHouse, a major branch of 
Olina's Public Security Bureau. He 
swung from Communist propagan-
dist to an advoc:ateof democracy and 
was promptly sent 10 jail, where he 
wu tortured and put into solitary 
confinement for three years. 
Haoc:beng was granted an exil per-
mit to the United States a few weeks 
ago, which will allow him to study 
and Iec:ture at Columbia University. 

Wang Juntao, one of the leaders 
of the T'1lIIWIDlCD Square ujlrising, 
wu put on a flight to New Yorlt for 

medical reasons in April, after hav-
ing received a I3-year prison sen-
tence in 1991. 

Even with these victories, there 
are far too many citizens who are still 
prisoners in Otina, many for saying 
what was considered to be the wrong 
thing at the wrong time. 

The problem with using MFN as a 
weapon to solve the human rights 
issue is that it has outlived its useful-
ness. We can threaten, but we cannot 
afford to act on our threat. 

At last Thursday's press confer-
ence, President Oinlon announced 
that be would renew Orina's MFN 
trade status (the deadline was June 3), 
although the agreement will exclude 
guns and ammunition. aIinese offi-
cials bad threatened a retaliation con-
sisting of unidentified "disastrous re-
sults" which would burt American 
business if MFN were revoked but 
have now they have expressed relief 
at the decision. 

Although it is still wx:Iearwhether 
China made the "overall, signifi<:ant 
progress" on buman rights conditiom 
that Clinton ordered last spring, it is 
clear that China is at least making 
some progress . 

Despite all the setbacks, the situa-
tion is slowly but surely changing for 
the better . 

We must, in the meantime, find 
new ways to deal with human rights 
issues that are not 1inked with trade, 
for putting the two issues together 
causes more problems than it solves. 

SpcciaI thanks to David K. Har-
ris, who belped with this story. 

TOTAL TEST PREP 
AppllCltlDRI 
'go 21.000 
'11 33,000 
'12 37._ 
'93 43.000 
'14 52,000+1 

No_ of SPielS 
'90 17,000 
'91 17,000 
'92 17,000 
'93 17,000 
'94 17,000 

YOU WANT TO GET THROUGH THESE DOORS 

THE COMPETITION HAS NEYER BEEN TOUGHER 

WE ARE COMMITTED TO HELPING YOU GET THERE 

We are the first MCAT prep company to provide a complete 
suite of pre-med admissions services (C.h.e.s.s.n.t Seminars 
in Pre-Planning, Applications, Secondaries, and the Inter- 11111 
view) free to all Hyperlearning studenl'S. 
We are the first MCAT prep company to publically commit to 
admissions tracking for all our students. After your test 
scores, this is the statistic that really counts . 
Our expert instructors will guide you through the most 
meetings, hours, and most in-class testing available for the 
MCAT. Optimal pacing and motivation, in addition to our 
thorough review materials give you maximum gain . . 

A I. 'I 
w. Set the Standard. 

<II> 455- iOOo 
.JIIII u.. ~_I.. V _ ...... ~ 
~ 8 ~ ~"-'~~ -Ji!!!£Jj ~ !j~ !,., U-_rnffBnlsrr ... A.rJIITDT. .. =:!J 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardlaa 

COMMENTARY: We need to move beyond good and evil and begin awknowledging our contradictions 

HypOCRISY AND DOUBLE VISION 
By DenIeI J. Hurst 
St,," wrtter 

"Withdrawing in disgust is not the 
same thing as apathy."-S/Qc1r6 

One by one, the friends of mine 
whom I've mentally destined to be the 
best hope for this trivial little species 
of ours, keep falling off track. They 
repeat phra1es liIce "jaded, ""you can 'I 
sell-out if you never bought in," 
"double vision got the best of me, 
baby" and "easy for you to say," as 
they spin off in frighteningly tight 
spirals toward their own separate, pri-
Vlte disintegrations. But why should 
Ibis bother a devout Catholic/atheist-
social anarchisf/nihilist, you say? Read 
on, please. 

Friend "A" will retire from the 
scholastic system in about two weeks. 
His grades are high, he's about 15 
classes away from a degree, be's a 
hard worker and his 10 is probably 
higher than mine. He grew up within 
the airtight confines.of a military base, 
where the only news came through 
the ministry of truth itself, The SlIlrs 
andStripes. AI age 12 he, his mother 
and sister were pardoned, released, 
and sent to live in Orange County. 
Dad headed for Washington to help 
run the Corporation. 

Somewbere between then and now 
Friend A listened to bands like Mil-
lions of Dead Cops and Minor Threat 
and realized that just because his par-
ents tell him something, doeso 't make 
jttNe. Just because they said, "South-
ern Californil is a nice place to live" 
doesn't mean il is. Just because his 
parents said, "milk builds strong bod-
ies and bones" doesn't mean it also 
doesn't grow two-heided rats. 

Upon realizing these realities, he 
has tried 10 eliminate various evils 
from his life - evils his parents don't 
find evil but that he, as a new moral 

CHOICES: 
It's a jungle out there. 
ContInued from.... 4 
none of us should shed any tears about 
this particular disparity, you have to 
admit il isn't very fair from Mr. Seri-

animal, does. He now coosumes al-
most nothing. He producea almost no 
trash. He uses 110 animal products. He 
has never drunk or done drugs, he 
neither smokes nor does caffeine. 

The problem is that although 
Friend A bas created I strict moral 
code and follows it quite cloeely, he 
is not happy. He sees hypocrisy sur-
I'OUDding him in the actions of his 
friends; he eVen experiences bypoc-
risy in the thoughts that splatter ICI'OIm 
his mental L.E.D. screen. Rage al, 
sarasm toward, withdrawal from-
casual responses to anything thaI 
catches itself on the fly-screen of his 
personaI code. 

The problem is that be will never 
be happy because "hypocrisy" makes 
bimuiomatically unbIppy.A1though 
he bas badtedoffthe chunksofhislife 
that break his moral code,they baven't 
gone aWly. Although he attempted 10 
reconstruct values which overshadow 
the petty moral jump roping be was 
taught as a child, be has ultimately 
created a system of beliefs which 
works according to the same prin-
ciples. 

His belief system hinges upon two 
things: removing buman cootroI over 
nature.and maintaining control over 
his own thoughts and acti.>ns. Just as 
Friend A tries to remove his own 
control over the world surrounding 
him, he finds himself exerting more 
and more cootrol over himself and 
others. He has created a hierarchy of 
values that habitually forces him to 
condescend to his peers. He's like a 
bible-thumping zealot with a strange 
new breed of neuroses and a handful 
of vinyl instead of a book. 

This is I classic paradox, which I 
call "double vision." In an essay I 
wrote last year for WlW>rd magazine, 
I described life with double visioo: 

ous' point of view. 
So what choice Ire we left with, 

as the handbaskel in which we find 
ourselvcscareens toward hell? Well, 
we have I choice between being 
overwhelmed by the unfairness of it 
all or taking matters into our own 
hands. We hive a choice between 

All ........... 
......... 

......... 8bouthow 

.... Idds .. too 
violent 
bee .... ot 
television ....... 
.... orcomlc 
books 0UCIIt to take 
• look ........... 
that dusty ton. 
they're tIIunIpInf&: 
DavId ...... a ... 
andthen .. ....... 
off .... h .... 
seeing the wodd as an infinite set of 
polarities-the "good"and the "evil" 
- and trying to carve your WIY 
through them. The problem is that 
both poles satisfy \IS in some way. 

Friend A's attempt 10 purge him-
self of everything that violates his 
code is not unlike the Menendczbroth-
ers' attempt to eJ'IIIC their dad's home 
computer to get rid of his new will. 
Traces of social and genetic program-
ming will always remain. 

Friend A's jaded outlook on life is 

acting like victims or acting Iilte 
victors. To put it in simple terms, 
we have I choice between good and 
evil. 

"Since I cannot prove a lover to 
entertain the8efairwell-epokendays," 
Richard m declared, "I am deter-
mined to prove I villain and bate the 

I result of bit WIllie 10 .aut that 
pDlle ringastroogwillctoeaD'tmean 
that be can control his UDCOIIIcious 
mind. For IOIIIe reBlIl, the ideas of 
NietzIc:be, Freud and Darwin hive 
notsunk infO the mindsofleadenwho 
want 10 dismantle the system. The 
system is JlI08I'IIIUDed within us. 

It took the Romans poenIioos to 
work· off the geoetic mis-wirinp 
caused by the brain dImIF and death 
they racbd up from driuking their 
wine from lead dutlices ADd we still 
haven't ridden ounelwll of their ClOD-
quer-everytbin,-so-tblt-we-cID-
bave-enouaJl-elbow-room-and-gold 
attitude. Just because you don't want 
to be I bypoaite doesn't mean you 
still woo't be one. 

Hypocrisy IS a cause of moral 
indignation is naive. Describing be-
havior as "bypocritical" was fine 
within the confines of I culture that 
believed people only needed to strive 
a little Iwder to "master their in-
stincts"(i.e.beforethe2Otbcentury.) 
Kic;ls. our instiDc:ts have been build-
ing up inside of us like bad karma 
since our foreworms crawled from 
the soup and 0Dt0 the aaIcB of pre-
bisIoric volcanoes. All theBe bible 
thumpers moaning about how the 
kidlare too violeot because oftelevi-
siOIl or rap music or comic books 
ought to take I look bide inaide that 
dusty tome they're thumping: David 
slew GoIiatb and then he badted off 
his bead. 

Violence is ooIy one of our many 
simple, primal func:tioos.ln an earlier 
column, I "bumorously" made a 
Freudian compariaoa between our 
aexualandQOllSUmerarollncGnp The 
vision bebind the piece isthatnotooly 
Ire we aoc:ialized sexually as dill-
dren, but that we are aIao malized 
capitalislically. Why, as ecologically 

idle pleasures of these days." Consid-
ering that be wound up losing the 
throne and wu ~ throu&b with I 
semitar, that should make the choice 
even easier. 

Is life nasty, brutish and abort? 
In I word, yea. Are theIe abe times 
that try men's souls? Most defi-

CiOIICIerDed adults, do we still get a 
thrill out ofrippingopen that new tube 
of Tom 'I tootbpute? Becauae we've 
been proarammed to do 10: fucIt the 
mother, kill the father, buy I new bag 
of rice, etc. 

I completely respect piety. But can 
wedlimtbatswitcbingfrom"straigbt-
edge" to 8udweiIeriabypoaitical? Is 
it just thai myCOlllCioua mind is weak? 
If you believe in I naively npdmisljc 
universe where COIIIlic muffins put 
living thinaaonlitde specb of dust to 
do good deeda, go rigbI ahead. But 
lrindIy leave your driver's licenae, 
AK-47, etc. at the door and pIease 
don't run fur public office. We've gol 
eoougb simpletons nmning things. If 
theCXlllllcious mind wete IIIroIIS and in 
completecoatrol, "just say 110" would 
have worked by DOW. However, any-
ooesoutbofMn. Reaganinagekmws 
that this is a child's view of addiction 
- IS weD as the world 

Friend A: pIease don't settle for 
sud! a pitiful worIdview. If it wu as 
simple as ". don't WUIt to do X, and 
since I'm tough I'm not going to do X 
ever, ever again, " the powers-that-be 
would have ImocUd out mastwba-
lion and I whole slew of other pleas-
ant thinp I long time ago. Utopia 
would all be in the advertiaingIedu-
tioaal campaign and we'd be living in 
Erewbon. 

Our psyches are the equivalent of 
suburbia/I'win Peaks: 110 matter bow 
chaste, bow smooth, bow airbrushed 
things might look, once you stare at 
and foodIe everything long enough 
you'll see the stucco ridges and the 
crysaaI meth-wired housewives. It's 
alive benellb the clay. Let's put our 
piety and ooodeIcension lway and 
start banding out sbaYels. There are 
going 10 be I lot of COIJ*I to bury. 

Bitely. But that is no reason to shrug 
one's &boulders and Idmit defeat. 
Every now and then, though the 
odds are apinat il, the hero does get 
to ride off victoriously into the sun-
set. And even if be doesn't, there are 
plenty of Davidoff cigars and Styx 
albums to enjoy. 

Good luck on finalsB Have a Great Bum er 

o 
From your friends at the Guardian. -------

NEEDlO USE 
TELE-JOB THIS 
SUMMER? 

TELE-Joa IS GETTING EASIER 
TO usel New CATEGORIES 
AM) SPEED nps ARE BEING 
ADDED TO MAICE IT fAlTER 
AM) MORE COMIENENT. 
GlVEITAnwt 

u" ........... , 
"',..., I.""_1aD 
en n W ... 

:\11 __ .... & A._n I--. 
Wi .... whIIlta .... _ ... ,.. home... 
PI ..... canIinuiIy of COW'MIJII 

.......... Spr' ......... 11, SU ...... atucIenIl and 
June ................ to purct..-.......c.. 

STUDENT $209.00. SPOUSE $263.00. CHIlDREN $179.00 
ENROLUNG NOW until July 12th 

infurmation and applications en CMJiIabIe at 
Stud ... H.aIth CenIIr • 0039 • SM-2123 

Thunda" J .... 2, 19M The UCSD Guardi_ OPINION 7 

HEADLINE MAKES MOCKERY OF UCSD SPORTS 
EdItor: 

As fellow student athletes we are 
writing in regards to the sports page in 
your Mly 31 issue. We were very 
disappoiDIed with the headline de-
scribing the baebaU and trICk team's 
perform.aDcea at Nationals. 

All Ithletes on this campus train 
and practice all year with NatiooaIs as 
a goa1. Competing in the NeMs is 
the ultimate reward for a season of 
hard work and to come home to head-
lines that put down everything you've 
worked for and accomplished is dev-
astating and disheartening. 

This school lacks school spirit and 
support for the athletic teams. What 
roost people do know about sports at 
UCSD comes from the GlIQrdian. For 
those who aren't familiar with the 
intercollegiate athletic program, to see 
these healdines gives the wrong im-
pression of the season's achievements 
because most people see the picture 
and read the headline but don't bother 
with the article. 

As members of the UCSD swim· 
ming and softball teams we would be 
disappointed to corne home 10 head-
lines making a mockery of our efforts. 
Where is the praise lhal these Ithletes 
haveeamed? 

CbrtstIna GaIdos 
UsaGU 

Carrie Parker 
KelkLusk 

Dustin Matbew 

ero. Cultural Center 
Is UIIi18C8.S., 
Editor: 

I do not support the proposed cross-
cultural center. It has no clear pur-

pose, its functions are already being 
provided by other organizations, il 
will serve only to promote divisive-
ness and it is not·a wise investment of 
scarce resources in these economi-
cally hard times. 

I obtained my undergraduate de-
gree from a university (Purdue) that 
bad a black cultural center. UnliIce the 
proposed cross-culturaI center, it was 
a small, off-campus building, was pri-
vately funded and bad a clear mission: 
to provide I place on I predominately 
white campus wbere black students 
could hang out with each other and 
feel comfortable. The cross-culturaI 
center has no such focus, because its 
planners are trying to cater to a broad 
group of people. What will invariably 
happen is that the purpose of the cen-
ter will become a general bashing of 
American culture. 

Almost every ftmctiOll of !be sup-
posedly necessary cross-cultura1 center 
is presently being provided 00 campus. 
If you an: of a particular ethnicity and 
wish to socialize with other members of 
that group, all sorts of organizations 
exisl, from Asian women's groups 10 
HispanicEngineeringsocieties.lfbash-

ing America and IOIIIIIIIicizing radio 
c:aJs is your thing. there's the ~ Caf~. 
Want to meel foreign students? There's 
!be International Center. Foreign films 
arc routinely sbown 00 campus. Why 
!ben, does !be administration have 10 
spend Slooper penoo of !be students' 
mooey 00 this c:roea-adtural boon· 
doggle (about I Sl.5 millioo price tag 
for aboul15,cm students)? Out of one 
side of their mouths, they say that fees 
have to ~ IDd !be P.E. Depart. 
ment has 10 be doeed, yel out of the 
other side they're saying thaI they wanl 
to spend $1.5 million 00 an WIJItlCeS-
sary center, whose only purpose will be 
to Iggrandize other cultures It the ex· 
peDIC of AmericIn c:ult1ft! 

If anyone wants to promote unity 
between diverse peoples, they should 
take a look at intramural spor1S. In the 
baskelballieague I played in al UCSD, 
virtually every ethnic identity was rep-
resented and IIlO5t teams were inte-
grated. All these differenl people wen: 
playing an American game, under the 
same rules, and workingtogetberlO try 
10 achieve a victory. Their ethnic dif-
ferences were lost in !be struggle to 
achieve a common goal. 1be same is 
true for many students studying to-
gether 10 try to pua a class. 

We don'l need I cross-cultural 
center. We need 10 come together 
under a unified culture and recognize 
our similarilies, not our differences. I 
doubt thaI a majority of students 
would vole for this center if they 
knew tbal they bad 10 pay for it. 
Neither would the California taxpay. 
ers. I urge all students to voice their 
objections 10 this waste of their 
money. 

JeffRidgeny 

Asfix lIIe,lwiJJ caJJ upon God, and 
,be Lord sballSiwe me. 

. ,.,.,55;16 

r--------., I Buv aDV IIdium Dr large I 
I VDgurl. ad gel a small II 
: .~V~?~~~r F HE E : 

0"', T •• ncM I 1_ ·000 • tCM.Ipofl 10 I 
I cYStome" Exp. 7/'/til I 

I 
25% I 
OFF I 

OICofIH I 
Drinb '" I 

I 
• La Jalla r.aIonv rno Regents Road I I Ste. 108 In the Vons Shopping Center 
I _11-8:30 SIln .• Thurs. '11.10 Frl. & Sat. I L ________ ~ 

~17 ~MMeJ(.WtTU (j(?l!~ 
, 

/" 

.. ·orcm 
APFtIC4T1ON· .. 

\,IP?IIT ,,, UNIVf:R5ITY CeNretz. 
~ GUlftt.k. ~JrPh.l~ 

~ ~, tWIN!> VIS ~ ~ktJ) 

., .• 

~7r'~~- ·· 5,,; .. i ' ~ z,:t .. -, :tfi~ ' 
INTENSIVE Me.AT PREPARAi'iQ.1.::-. ;: 

~. 

,. <} ,) . ... ..;, . • 

Over lOO.hours of class tirne-~o tapes! . :., . ,.,'. .w',. 
Plus ta~~~for eaCh" test sectio~. as wellls~verall strategles. -

• ,y,., _. , 
" 

SMALL cLASSES '~~~ . , . .I ~. ~.~ .. ~ .. "'- .. 
Sru<lencs are aiways grouped by skill level. 50 you,re assured 
personal attention. 

UP-TO-DATE MATERIALS 
Interactive software. loOO. page Science Review, 4 ~imulatect 
MCAT exams with detailechiiagnostic analysis. • 

THE BEST INSTRVCTORS' 
High-energy, dynamic and accessible! Specialized in their"'!'peci~c 
areas: Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Organic Chemistry, Verl>.hl':, 

SCORE IMPROVEMENT 
Recent national study: Big 6 accounting firm verifies avera~ score 
improvement 6 points-that's 31 pe~ntile points! 

/ 

OUR GUARANTEE .. 
If~u're not fully satisfied with )lour MeAT score: we'll work widl> 
you free for up to a full year . 

, . , 

\. 

\ 

nm~ PNl'!CBIQt! : . REVIBW _ Cj.ASSES', STA.T .JUNE 181 \ (81.' ~&8-0S00 (~ . , 
--....... -- TN ..... YOU ' •• L RTT ... ALREADV. 

.. ..\ . "', ' t. 

P £ R S 0 ~ "L A T T t S T J 0 S G l: ., R A ~ T E(t 0 ~ R ~ 5 lil.T S 
fto"- ..... .,... .... -""-~--7IooIor~-.=:r-~~,...,~ -. 



8 NEWS 

OUTDOOR 
CAR 

STORAGE 
AVAILABLE 

9780 Candida St. 
566-3881 

5x6·$15 
5x7·$17 
5xS·$18 

Willi UCSD /D. No-u,.,.., ,., .... /« 

II 

na. UCSD GaardiaD 

INDOOR ROCK CUMBING 
ITS NOT JUST ANOTHER GYM 

-ITS AN 
ADVENTUREr 

SOUTHE"N 

ROCK 
CLIMBING 

GYM. 

.,11,. ......... 
. • IN 

D •• on Talko DIU •• ~" of lapan 

OnDIKOIA 
-rhrilHng, magical, mind-blowing experietlC8- - Boston HtnId 

Sunday, June 5, 7 pm 

uc 
so 
TV 

Copley 
Symphony 

Hall 
TIckeea .. the Copley Symphony 
Hal Box OIIIce, 750 B StrMt, 
10 anHI pm Man.-Fri. (NomI1O 
.,.. n IIMIDi I. dIIy 01 peIforIMi ICe. 

DIIaaunI ........ _...-y ___ 10 .......... 

~~-. 

u C S D TV IS PROUD TO PRESENT 

THE 
STUDENT 
HOUR 

AIRING EVERY 
SUNDAY NIGHT 10-11 PM 
BEGINNING .J U NEST H 

TUNE IN EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT TO SEE UCSD 
STUDENT-PRODUCED VIDEO AND FILM WORK. 

THERE ARE SEVERAL VENUES AVAILABLE FOR 
SUBMITTING WORK. PLEASE CALL UCSD-TV FOR 
SUBMISSION GUIDELINES AT Sa4-aSa •. 

CHARGE: 
Documents withheld 
from public 
ContIIIuMI ......... 1 
relelle the doc:umeIds, ODlWl in-
sisted that it is DOl attempting a 
cover-up. He added however. that it 
ia reuooable for the media and the 
public to be IUlpicioua wbeo auch 
informadoo ia DOt diIcloIed. 

"I thiDIt the university is naaltinJ 
a bi, mistake by DOl coming out 
with everythina,"saidOIJlWl. "But, 
you 1mow.I·m DOt an attorney." 

0IDWl added that be thiDb the 
university may come forward with 
more information in respoDIC to a 
teleYiliODDeWleditoriailhataccused 
Ibe UDiversity of covering up a public 
afety risk by not releasing Biosafety 
Committee meeting minutes. 

'"That is a very, very bad point of 
view to have unrebutted," Oxman 
said. 

The Animal Subjects Commit-
tee became involved in the investi-

Thandayt JUDe' t 1994 

ptioa after aUeplions were mAde 
that Zaaetti pun:based laboratory 
animals outside of the normal pr0-
cedures. 

According to Franz, the commit-
lee baa raUided Zanetti from con-
duc:IiD& uperimenfl Oft animals at 
hia off-c:ampus laboratory. For the 
time being. he will only be allowed 
to use the animals al onoQJDpus labo-
ratories while uacler the supervision 
of the Office of AnlmaIlleaources. 

ClwJes that Zanetti fabricated 
scientific data IR c:unendy being 
investipted, Franz said. However, 
abe added that because the inquiry is 
adD in progress, the specificc:baraes 
cannot be discussed. 

According to an investiptive 
report printed laat week by l7Ie &uI 
Diego UfIion-TribcuIe. a special fac-
ulty committee is investiptins three 
research articlesautbored by Zanetti 
af'tcr it found sufficient evidence of 
falsified reaults. _ 

The Union-TrihIIM reported that 
Zanetti withdrew two of the articles 
before they were published. 

Good luck with finals ••• 
may the monkey be with you. 

S tJ M MER la, 13- S,pt.19 
S C H E D U L E MOII.- Fri., 8 am - 4:30 pm 

Oosed 12-1 pm for lunch 

W A L K • IN: uraentCare 

APPOINTMENTS: Women's Oinic:. pbysical exams, travel 
pIIysic:als and immunizations, dental cI: 
'optometry 

COS T S7S fee provides unlimited Urgent Care visits during ' 
IUmmer. June grads arc charged Fee-for Service rates. Our _ 
usual charges for phannacy, dental and optometry services 
will apply. 

INS U RAN C E Undergraduates are strongly urged to continue 
coverage during summer (VIP • 52(9). Breaks in coverage caD 
result in claim denial due 10 "pre-exlsting" exclusions. Graduate, 
international and medical students who carried GSHIP during 
spring ue aUlOmatically covered for summer. 

GENERAL INFORMATION 
534-3300 
INSURANCE REP 
534-2123 

TAKE OFF FOR PILOT SCHOOL 
ArIzona State University 

in cooperation with 
Lufthansa German Alrtlnes 

offers undergraduate and graduate 
Ab Initio pilot training programs. 

Training will be conducted at Arizona State University, 
Lufthansa's facilities at Goodyear, Arizona 

and Bremen, Gennany. 

Upd".: Agreement his just bien signed 
bttwetn ABU, Lufthan .. end UnMM AIrline.. I 

C." for detallsl 

Thanday, JUDe 2.1994 

PERFORMING ARTS: Amid 
critical success and a stellar 
summer season, the La 10lla 
Playhouse welcomes new 
Artis.tic Director Michael Greif 
8yG .. FreMhI 
St'" Writer 

ational applause has members of 
the La Jolla Playhouse taking a 
bow, and the recent appointment 
of UCSD graduate Michael Greif 
to the position of Artistic Director 
has the Playhouse staff excited as 

the curtain goes up for "Harvey," the first 
play of the season. Clearly. theater profes-
sionals are doing more than just playing 
around at the Playhouse, whose headquar-
ters are located on the UCSD campus. 

In April of 1993, the Playhouse received 
two National Tony Awards - one for Out-
standing Rep,nal1beater, and another for 
former Artistic Director Des McAnuff's 
direction of The Who's poundbreating 
roclt-opera "Tommy." 

"The Tony reflects a body of this 
company's work over the years," said La 
Jolla Playhouse ManaainlArtlstic Director 
Terrence Dwyre. Altboup the award rep-
resents an acltDOwledgment of the ovet:,all 
exceDence of the theater's repertoire, the 
Playhouse won the Tony at rouJhly the 
same time that its critically-lauded produc-
tion of "Tommy" was being performed. 

The Playhouse has received local ac-
claim as well for inspirinl the creation of 
the student-organized theater troupes SledJe 
Hammer and Theater E. "I think the Play-
house hal kept a number ofUCSD students 
around and a number of them are now 
creating very vital theaters downtown," said 
Greif. BoIb boupes are opposed to the 
notion of"sledlebammer" theater - a the-
atrical style which is traditionally misogy-
nistic. 

"I'm thrilled about the Tony Award 
because it brinp attention onto the theater . 
I think it is important to celebrate the recoa-
nition, but continue to proJl8lll in the di-
verse waya thai the Playhouse baa always 
proplllUDed m. You ltDOw. you can't 10 
after these tind of prizes, you can only do 
the best work you can do and be pleased 
when people recognize it, and not be too 
despondent when it goes unrecognized," 
said Greif, who added that he found the 
prestige and proximity of the Playhouse an 
excellent theatrical resource durinl his 
graduate studies at UCSD. Spewnl from 

, first-hand experience, Greif said he feels 
that it is important for the theater to main-
tain a strong link with the university and the 
students. 

"I'm sort of the poster boy for that link 
because 1 walked across the parking lot the 
rarSt season and said, 'I'd like to be an 
assistant here.' I feel like my appointment 
attests to the important relstionship between 
the university and the theater," Greif said 

Born and raised in Brighton Beach, 
• Brooklyn, Greif came to UCSO in 1982 

after pursuing a performance studies major 
at Northwestern University. The work of 
Allen Schneider, a renowned Samuel 
Bectett interpreter who ran the Theatre 
Department'sdirectinlprogram at the time, 
attracted Greif to San Oi.,. ,.. a paduate 
1tUdent, Greif was employed at the Play-
house. wbicb led to a cloIe worltina reia-
lioIUip with McAaaft. 

"I thmt [tile P1ay~ board aDd searcb 
COIDIDittee) were Iootia. for IOIDIbocIJ 
whom tbeybeUewclllld.,.aatioDII..,. 
tatioD aDd aIIO eD •• OGe who bid ..... 
ICeIII IDdlilllla 10 1M _ .......... ia 
... DItionII......., --." 0NIf .... ... 
,... 10'" ... ,-..·.llllctiae ol .... 

The UCSD Guardian 

as artistic director. Mc:AnuffsaidthatGrelf's 
previous work with the Shakespeare Festi-
valat the Joseph Pap Public Theater in New 
Yorlt put Greif in c:ontact with such "emerg-
ing" artists. 

PIIoID II1UIVIIIon Dr DomInIc LOIIOIa/GunfM 
Greif said. "I want them to know thatthere's 
something exciting and entertaining and 
challengina loing on here, both in the The-
atre Department and now in the Playhouse." 

As artistic director, Greif 
will set the course for the 
Playhouse's productions: 
selecting the worlt for up-
coming seasons, guiding the 
educational outreach pro-

GUARDIAN 
The Playhouse, which 

has previously attracted 
well-known performers 
such as Neil Patrick Harris 
(of"Doogie Howser" fame), 
Pete Townshend of The 

FEHTUHES 
gram. appealing to contributors to finance 
work, identifying and attracting the most 
interesting artists and probably directing 
one or two plays. 

"I'm excited about 

Who, Matthew Broderick 
and other acclaimed actresses, writers and 
directors, h. sent its own plays to Broad-
way theaters. Yet despite the national rec-
ognition that the Playhouse has won; few 

UCSD students at-
playing the role of the "I want (students] to 
producerandinviting know t ....... t"'-r.'. 

tend Playhouse pro-
ductions. 

other directors whose ..... • .. "I think the sub-
ject matter ia stuff 
that students would 
dig," Greif said, 
adding that 'he 
thinks "The Good 

'!Vork I admire [10 MIII.th ..... xclt ........ 
work at the Play- .._.01 
house]," Greif said. enterta n n. _su 

As a director, C ... n ......... 01", on 
Greif laid that he is ... __ " 
most interested in the- ........ . PersonofSetzuan," 

.. .... ...., an upcoming Play-
Artistic: Director, La JoII. Playhouse house production, 

matically examining 
the political frame-
worltl within which 
dramatic cbaractera operate, adding that he 
is often drawn to material about underdogs. 
. "I lite plays and material that talte the 

lives of ordinary people aad make them 
eatnonlinary," he said. Political commen-
IUy and bumanitarian ill ... are recurreDt 
......... Oreif briop out in bit cIirectloo. 

..... ..-..... IIbout JUIIb," be aaicI, 
""''''''''''''.10'''''' idea_ 
"flY .......... aDd v.-.. tIuouP 
.. wert. 

-. WIDt ......... 10 COI8I 10 tile theaIer ... 

may be of particu-
lar interest to studenta because of its comic 
irony. 

A.ccordina to Marshall College junior 
Karen Onvea. I member of the Muir Coi-
le,. Deiter Troupe Orcbeatra, the 
PlaJhouae'I1-* of cmnpus-aimed public-
ity -'Ibt be ODe of tile reasons for low 
studeat ItleDdance. -[Tbe PIIYhouse) 
ctoe.' ..... to loot for ......... oaou 
CM , •• n..y doII't ......... orelia-
...... ..,... .. ar- ..... 

-Voa~ol......., ... tD ....... 

NEWS 9 

interest in the theater to know what's going 
on down there. I found oul about their 
upcoming musical ["How to Succeed in 
Business Without Really Trying" starring 
Matthew Broderick] when I went to see 
"Giants Have Us in Their Books" [a recent 
UCSD undergraduate production], and a 
flier for the Playhouse fell out of the pro-
gram. I think that to learn about [upcoming 
productions], it has to happen either by 
accident or in pursuing a previous theatrical 
interest," she added. 

Regular ticket prices range from $19 to 
$37, though the Playhouse offers students 
reduced prices. Students' receive a 10 per-
cent discount off regular ticket prices and 
they can obtain even cheaper seats by at-
tending productions during the "public 
rush," which is the last-minute selling of 
ticltets that have not been claimed 10 min-
utes before the curtain goes up. Seats are 
available 90 percent of the time. 

Despite the overall lack of student aware-
ness of the Playhouse's theatrical activities, 
the Playhouse remains an excellent resource 
for flne arts and theater majors, who are 
very much aware of the opportunities the 
Playhouse provides. 

"There are hiply talented students who 
perform in our plays; it is a positive rela-
tionsbip, and we hope that .it will do nothing 
but grow and be enhanced in the future. The 
fact that Greif is the strongest candidate 
nationwide [for the position of artistic di-
rector) speaks mountains for the quality of 
UCSD'S theatrical training," said Dwyre. 

""ccording to Associate Artistic Direc-
tor Robert Blaclter, the Playhouse also of-
fers 20-25 UCSD graduate students the 
opportunity to participate in a paid intern-
ship proJl8lll every summer. Student in-
terns assist dlrec:Iors, designers, dramatulpS 
and stage managers. 

In addition, roughly 20 other UCSD stu-
dents work or volunteer at the Playhouse. 
Currently, three UCSD students are involved 
in "Therese Raquin," the play which Greif 
is presently directing. Another UCSD stu-
dent is the lighting designer for the Play-
house production of "Therese Raquin." 

"There's a lot of cross-fertilization go-
ing on (between the university and the Play-
house]," said Greif. 

Thurgood Marshall senior Kim Simpson 
works as a production assistant with Greif 
on "Therese Raquin." A theater major, 
Simpson was the stage manager of "Giants 
Have Us in Their Books." Now she assists 
actors and actresses with their lines, helps 
take down sets and does what she calls 
"grunt work." Simpson began working at 
the Playhouse last summer as an intern in 
the presshouse. 

"Last summer (worked with [acclaidled ' 
Broadway director] James Lapine and I 
realized that these are just people. They 
could be your soccer coach, they could be 
anyone, but they just happen to have these 
names attached to them," she said. Because 
of her theatrical aspirations, Simpson said 
she is proud to participate in the production 
of professional work. 

"I'm very fortunate and very happy to be 
working with the people I am," she said, 
referring to her association with Greif in 
"Therese Raquin." 

As he succeeds McAnuff, Greif aims to 
usher in a new era of performin, arts which 
will link the Theatre Department and the 
general student body to the Playhouse. 

"I think any theater deputment is only 
u ,ood as the students it attracts and main-
tains," said Greif. "I hope to be helpful in 
attractina and maintainlna the JUabeat cali-
beroftbMter IludenL 1 think the PlaybcMe 
CID and (be) •.• 111ft iDducemeDt for JOUDI 
.... eer artJata to come here aDd • hope that 
It CID8IID.a 10 be.· 



10 NEWS 

EDUCATION: 
Affirmative action 
stirs political debate 
ContInued from ..... 1-

UCSD Academic <laair Stephen 
Cox agreed tbat public support for 
the UC system bas been declining 
steadily over recent years. 

Twenty yeusagothe UCsystem 
was funded mainly by the state. 
Today, tbe state funds approxi-
mately 25 percent oftbe totll UC 
budget. 

"Tbe problem the university bas 
is remaining a priority in the minds 
of the people," said Cox. 

At a Reprcscntative Assembly 
meeting earlier this month, UCSD 
Cbancellor Ricbard Atkinson cited 

figures compuina the University 
of California'i budaet 10 the cor· 
m:hona IYstem budpt. 

In 1980. the UC budpt totaled 
51 billion. wllile the COnectiODl 
budget aJDOUDted to approximately 
half a billion dollars. 

In 1994. the UC budget acc:ounll 
for 51.7 billion, while the correc· 
tions budset bas beeD increased to 
nearly 53.7 billion. Qjtics claim 
that these numbers are evidence that 
education bas taken a bKk seat to 
public safety in the minds of state 
legislators. _ 

Vice President External Nick 
Endres, who was also a panel-
ist, said that many of the prob-
lems in funding stem from con· 
flicts between tbe State Legis-
lature and university Idminis· 

Tbe UCSD G.....u.. 

trators. 
-1'1Iere il a conflict in tbe vi· 

lion of wbere tbe university il 
goin,lnd bow it is ,oin, to ,et 
tbere,· Endres said. 

Tbe etbnic compolition of tbe 
University of California wu an· 
otber iuue raised by several of 
tbe paneliltl. MaDY putic:ipaDta 
a,reed tbat tbe UC sYltem bu a 
respoDlibility to reOeet tbe de· 
mosrapbics of tbe ltate. 

"II tbe university 10iDI to em-
brace tbe diversity of tbe Itate, 
or are we going to contiDue with 
blinders on our ey .. ?- asked OleD 
MalpaDtay, University of Cali· 
fornia student association execu-
tive director. During tbe second 
bour of tbe forum, panelists re-
sponded to questionl and state-

menta by memhers of tbe audi-
ence. 

In particu1u, paneHsts were 
liked bow they pia to address the 
issue of ..... rvilll the quality of a 
UC ccIuc:atiotl wbile maiDtaiaioa 
diversity within the 1)'IteID. 

"One oftbe tbin .. we are bop-
in, to do il to work witb K-12 
faculty to improve studentl' 
preparatio .... said UC Office of 
tbe President Ipokesperson 
Joyce Jualul. 

Affirmative action policies 
were anotber point of deblte. 
Wbile lOme students tboupt tbe 
policies were beneficial, otben be-
lieved they lower, a person's di,-
oity. 

Republican Oubernatorial Can-
didate Ron K. Unz was also in allen-

1'Inanday. J .... 2.19M 

dance. He said tIIat if elected, he 
will take aay ateps neceuary to 
abolilb affirmative action poli-
cies. 

"In a muIti-etbnic society, we 
canoot bave aroup n,btl; ratber, 
we mUlt empbasize individual 
rilbts, and iadividual acbieve-
ments, .. Unz said. 

Pane lilts at Tuesday' I dis-
cUllion generally exprelsed 
optimistim for tbe future of 
the university, but conceded 
that many difficulties need 
to be dealt with in tbe near 
future. 

"We have lot to work on these 
problems togetber if we want tbe 
UDiversity of Californil to con-
tinue beinl tbe great university 
it can be." Burlener said. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... Chi Qmega 
Congratulates x FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORTIONT024~EKS (General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUV~~I~~f8tf-E 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

1619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La AIJmedJ 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch 51 
(714) 851-1201 

1994 Graduates 
UZ BRAG KAREN NISHIDA 

EMILIE DEIBLER KIM PRATI 

BATHSHEBA FULTON STEPHANIE ROSEN 

TAMMY HEIMAN JAMIE SHLUKER 

JEANETTE HERRAS MELISSA SMITH 

HOLLY HLAVA HEATHER STONE 

AUDREY IWATA JULIE THOMPSON 

JACKIE KOLCHINS CAROLYN USTACH 

DESIREE MILLER LORI WEIR 

fiil:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP Good luck and Best Wishes! We'll Miss You! 

Nominations are open for the 

1994-95 GRADUATE STUDENT 
ASSOCIAnON OFFICERS 

Nominations will close on June 6th 
during the GSA Council Meeting 

Offices open for nomination include: 
..... DENT 

VICE.pREllDENl' INrERNAL 
VICE.pREIiDENT Ex1'EIINAL 
VICE.pR ....... FINANCE 

Elections will be held during the June 6th meeting in the Student 
Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 6 p.m. 

All candidates will give a three minute speech. 
Job descriptions are available from the GSA Office in the Student 

Center or call 534~504 for funher information. 
AU CIa"mItl, ~ grad studmts are encot6acM to pardcipat.e. 

~YOURV~IBIH~:~ 
YOUR RIPRESENTATIVI TO VOTEI 

• 

u C S D G U A R D I A N A.'. a IN' I • , A IN. IN' J U N E 2. 1 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nElUS 
ROCK 

• Summer concerts are heat· 
ing up. Metallica, Alice in 
Chains and Suicidal Tenden-
cies are bitting the road to-
gether, and now three other top 
alternative rock acts have de-
cided to team up. Cncker, 
the SpIn Doctors and the 
GIn ...... ame start their tour 
together on July IS.1bearoupS 
will come to sui Diego on 
August 23 when they perform 
in the Del Mu Arena. Tickets 
are not yet on sale. . 

LOCRL 

• UCSD Literature professor 
.................... wUl 
read his poetry on Friday. June 
10 at the D.O. Wills Boobtore 
in downtown La JoUa. Info: 
456-1800 . 

• The final oa-campua coocert 
of the year wUl be a JOOCI ODe. 
Los Anlelea liDpr .... 
whole aona-I..oaer" laID alter-
native radio bit. will perform iD 
the Price Ceater PIUII with 
Pa ........... 'I1Iecaart 
beaiDa at 5 p .... Frida, .. 
adaUaaioa is flee. SIudIIIIt will 
aIao be able to ao on tree ridea. 

• The La Jolla Play __ baa 
IDDOUDCId IIIat David IIidaIao 
aad Louie Perez of abe Loa 
Anpl...,.. bend Loa L0-
bell wUl COIIIpOIe 0Jiaiaal mu-
lic forTony 1CuaImer· .. dap'" 
lion of Bertolt Brecbt'l ...... 
Good Per.on of 

"~."1beplaywillopen 
July 31 and run throu&b Au-
pt 28 at abe Mandell Weill 
1beatre.lDfo: 5SO-1070. 

rj r' , I or 
I ~, I I ! 1 )jd,. II 

• Tico.. for the O,p., 
K ..... F on sale Saturday at 
IOa.m.1be JfOUP will perform 
at the Embucadero Marino 
Park South on July 12 at 7:30 
p.m. Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Lwlawill perform with Red 
Red Meat It the. Cubah on 
Tuesday, July 12 at 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 
3 p.m. Info: 232-4355. 

• Tic:Uta ao OD .. ....., 
at 10 ..... tor ..... T.n •• 
...... wbidlpIayIltSDSU'1 
OpeD Air 'I1IeIItIe aa .....,. 
July 17.1Dfo: 2lO-nx5 . 

• 

WHO 
KNOWS 

WHIOH 
FILM 

WILL BE 

• •• 

---6'-

HIATUS OFFERS A PREVIEW" OF 
SUMMER RELEASES 

J5t year, the battle lines were clearly drawn. LastAction Hero and Jurassic Park battled for summer movie audiences, and Steven Spielberg's super-charged dinoOick won in a landslide. This summer, the lines are not 50 .... -.. 
obvious. Will Schwarzenegger's True Lies triumph or will The Flintsto,aes AM»VlaAdam 

SIndIer, INndM 
Pta ... .nell SIeve 
lui ... ... 

,r AI't .... 
.owa Dllney'l 
,..u. ...... 

sustain its appeal? Perhaps Disney's The Lion 
King or the Roger Rabbit-like The Mask will 

reign supreme. One thing's for 
sure: long lines and high-fat pop-
corn await you at the .theater as 

the film industry churns out 
its summer releases. Here 
is a guide tot h e highs 
and lows. 

........ H4 



HIATUS 2 ...... UCSD Curdlaa 

THEATER 

HalVey· 
In Jolla Playhouse production misses chance to revise om-dated story 

By JolIn GocIfNJ 
Staff Writer 

The La Jolla PlayhoUIC typi-
cally gives older works some aOrt 
of contemporary perspective - a 
dash of postmodemist theory here, 
a sprinkle of anachronism there-
but its production of Mary Chase's 
"Harvey" has all the dramatic sub-
stance of rabbit food. 

More a' garnish than a main 
course, the elaborately-staged pro-
duction caresses the palate and 
pleases the eye but rails to address 
the intellectual or emotional appe-
tite. 

Considering that the play 
overtly espouses drunkenness as a 
means of coping with the world, 
and that the main character's con-
fused sexuality manifests itself in 
the form of a six-foot white rabbit, 
the Playhouse certainly had ample 
opponul1irj to recontextualize this 
50-year-old drama for staging in 

1~94. 

fII_ ...... 

Or maybe it didn't. In an effort 
to. cut costs, this production was 
trucked in from the Seattle Reper-
tory Theatre where it ran to posi-
tive reviews in 1993. Apparently, 
the Playhouse powers-that-be saw 
this production, decided that it 
would fit nicely into their BelSOn 
ai1d cut a deal to bring the show 
down Interstate S. 

Jeff W .... ....,. .... d.lu ..... Elwood P. Dowd In .....,." 

It's a1:uming to know Ibat big 
;;;pcroory C'li!lpmies like the Play-
bouse are so financially strapped 
that they are forced to acquire 
shows fromothertheaten.It'seven 

UTe 
THE FLINTSTONES 

more alarming to think that the 
PlayhoUIC, wbich ha in the pill 
hired progressive clirecton like 
Peter SeIJan, Tina Landau and 
Matt Wilder, feela it mUit prelent 
mind candy like "Harvey" in order 
to satiate its audience's bungerfor 

Village 
MAVERICK 
BEVERLY 
HILLS COP 3 
THE CROW 

WHEN A MAN LoVES 

_ 

A WOMAN 
: , I WIDOW'S PEAK 

IlENAIssANcE MAN 
THE COWBOY WAY ENDLESS SUMMER D 

Call to (onflrm Call 1o conflfrl' 
452-7766 453-7831 

Care 

1l~ljIlp:evcrltivedallll aaa.ar IIttUIIIy Iowea Iht COlt t:i yourdent.l 
........ lana tenD! filch .... check...,. II1II cIanintI we CIO CIII:h 
.:-~6 .... priOlllll .. Wcn !hey become bIc ones, IIId prnenr ~ on 
".IIUfI ..... 1IIIl came tiIIue breadown and bone to.. 

Rot take care t:i your IUIIh It te.t • well. you like CIR rJ 
. ,.. __ brina youndfin b I chd-up II1II cIe.nina ... 1O you wOn't 
... -,-00 l....u fortune on 1_'" !II Iht future. 

YCllr8llUlll1IRiIc •• __ worth piucec:dl ... .-I with mdr(. 
..... ~canmc IKhntcps. II'tClOeftII .mlt ......... _ • 
...... fIpeNe to you. Call \II todIyl 

LA JOUA VDJA(JE DEHrAL 0FJ:IcE 
Jama Eo Sanford, D.D.S. 

0eaenI, Ptftaadve, and Ca.edc Services 
MM ___ ~ - r.c....- ADA, mA, SDCDS 

.III. v.. Pta( ph IIIfI c.., "'.I.a"'~DIiIr 
....... Dr.,.., JIm- T.~.,.. ............... 
(I~~""'" 558·3490 

quaint muaeum theater. 
"Harvey" revolves uound the 

exploits of Elwood P. Dowd (Jeff 
Weiu). a kinll-hearted drunk with 
a myaterioul put who taIb to an 
imaainary six-foot rabbit named 
Harvey. AI the sbow opens, 

Elwood'isiater Veta (pegy Pope) 
and his Diece Myrtle (Marianne 
Owen) throw a party for their 1Oci-
ety frieodl. M~ to their c:hqrin, 
Elwood shows up at the party mel 
begins introducing Harvey to the 
tea-and-tout crowd at the func-
tion. 

Elwood's antics cause a major 
diatwbance at the party ancI8IIests 
quickly leave in embarrasament. 
Frustrated and distraupt, Veta 
decides that she must have Elwood 
institutionalized so that , his delu-
sional behavior can be treated. 

As it turns out, the psychiatrists 
at the clinic get confused as to who 
is the patient and wind up locking 
the excitable Veta in a cell while 
the perpetually serene Elwood 
strolls out of the institution. 

The remainder of the play de-
picts a variety of slapstick-inspired 
scenes in which Elwood magieaUy 
eludes incarceration while his pur-
suers trip, stumble and collide u 
they try to track rum down. 

Throughout the play, Elwood is 
characterized as a cross between 
Dustin Hoffman 'scharacter inRilin 
MtIII and Peter Seller's clwac:ter 
in !kiltS TMre. Elwood's psycho-
logical problems distort his view 
of reality, but l;hey also provide 
him with a mechanism to help him 
enjoy the aubtleties IDd baalities 
of everyday life. SimUarly, 
Elwood'. particulir peycbOlis 
seems to grant him aaort of invul-
nerability Ibat holp' him ende his 
eaemies. 

In the end, Elwood aUowa him-
Belt to be "captured." Too late, the 
play begiDa to get interesting when 
Elwood realizes that Veta wants 
him to take a drug that Will mate 
Harvey go away. 

In these waning moments, 
Elwood waxes poetic about how 
unhappy he was before Harvey u-
rived and how Harvey has been an 
important friend. Elwood offers to 
take the drug anyway, but Veta 

. interveoea, and we get 10 keep the 
friendly, quirky Elwood just the 
way he is. 

Unfortunately, playwright 
ClIase poses her sole question dur-
ing these last moments: Who is 
really insane here - the friendly 
man who happens to talk to a large 
rabbit or the frenzied, not-so-
friendly people who do ~? The 
dect is heavily stacked in Elwood 's 
favor, so much so Ibat the audience 
doesn't ponder the question. 

The final Beene is a cute mo-
ment of theater, and Jeff Weiss' 
wide-eyed interpretation of Elwood 
is sporadically diverting, but much 
about this play seems clunky and 
dated, and ultimately irrelevant. 

Hopefully, the .... t of !he Play-
houae seaon will be rehearsed and 
reaearched here in La10Ua and will 
attempt to challenge audiences to 
confront iasuee of greater sub-
stance. 

"Harvey" is playiq tbrougI! 
1UDe 9 in the Mandell Weill The-
atre. For more infOllllldon, can 
SSO-lOiO. 

Tburaday, June 2,1994 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

FILM 

The Cowboy Way 
Woody Harrelson and Kiefer Sutherland struggle for laughs in mundane film 

By Max M. seltzer 
Staff Writer 

The Cowboy Way appears to be 
the perfect summer film, but looks 
can be deceiving. 

Cool guy Kiefer Sutherland 
(Young Guns, Flatliners) and funny 
guy Woody Harrelson ("Cheers") 
team up as rodeo cowboys from 
New Mexico who decide to take a 
trip to New York City in order to 
save their good buddy Nacho 
(Joaquin Martinez) from the evil 
clutches of an illegal sweatshop 
manager. 

Unfortunately, there is nothing 
in this movie that you haven ' t seen 
before, except for maybe Woody's 
bare butt, and even that seemed 
strangely predictable. The stars will 
probably be enough to pull in a 
paying crowd, but do yourself a 
favor and stay home. There is just 
not much to enjoy here. 

movie turns out to be the city itself. 
In fact, the only redeeming as-

pect of TIce Cowboy Way is the 
cinematography, carried out with 
panache by Director of Photogra-
phy Dean Semler, who worked 
films such as City Slickers, Young 
Guns and Dances With Wolves, for 
which he won an Academy Award_ 
Unfortunately, the poor acting com-
pletely ruins the film 's high points. 

I left the theater wondering what 
prompted Kiefer Sutherland and 
Woody Harrelson to take the parts. 
I came to the conclusion that they 
needed the money. _. or they really 
wanted to feel like they were in a 
commercial for Pace Picante sauce. 
But even those 30-second TV spots 
have more original comedy packed 
into them than this movie. 

If you want cowboy fun of the 
City Slickers sort, my advice is to 
strap on yer six-shooters, put on 
yer boots, wide-brimmed hat and 
blue-jeans, strut on down to the 
grocery store, pick up a bottle of 
Pace, a bag of chips and an avo-
cado and mix up some guacamole. 
It will be time better spent and a lot 
more entertaining. 

Between Woody Harrelson 's 
spitting, womanizing, Tequila-
swigging character Pepper, his 
straight-guy partner Sonny (Kiefer 
Sutherland), and the sinister "heart-
less-bad-guy" Stark (Dylan 
McDermott), whom you might re-
member as Clint Eastwood's weak-
kneed partner in In the Line of Fire, 
the most interesting role in the 

The Cowboy Way opens tomor-
row in theaters throughout San 
Diego. 

Courtesy of Barry Welcner 
Woody Harrelson Is a cowboy who has no trouble _Justine to city Ilf. In The Cowboy W.y. 

,. 

~c "I~ I I» I <l •• J ,.. • • ." 

Steel Paise • Maxi Priest 
"arcla Griffiths • aem "ammon • Terror Fabulous 

RvcI Fox· Junior Tuck ... • fl-TeClm Band • Tommy Cowan ".C. 
Inlernallona ... rts a Crafts Pa.r 

__ cna) ;1---
~I •••• ~ R_ •••• F •• ~lv.1 In ~h_ Y'tIo,.PdP 

IncltJdlng Robtn"orls-May. Tower Records. Music Plus , select Wherehouse <>callOns. An' , " fII5iiII'&g Trx, Perkins Book Worm""" 1he A21e<: CenIer Box 0IIice. No cont."",rs 01 any ktnd Of I. 
.. • alcoholic be_ages porm.n.d 0f1 Of around 1he lacility To charge by phone ca122()' TI~SJl.lIIl_._.' 

PRODUCED IN ASSOCIATION WITH MOSS JACOBS PAESENlS ... 

1111 f('.f) \} 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
All to-oz. Microbnwed been 

$1 after 7 pm 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

• AllPiuas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(after 1 pm) 
$5 each @~·~.um. 



HIATUS 4 

j 
.I 
15 

f ...... 

CURRENTLY 
SHOWING 

Maverick 
Jodi Foster, Mel Gibson and James 

Gamer team up in this loopy Western 
satire. The film scored big box office 
returns during its opening weekend, 
but will face stiff competition as sum-
mer progresses. 

The Fllntston •• 
This film is an almost-perfect real-life 

adaptation of the cartoon series. John 
Goodman plays the always-exuberant yet 
simple-minded Fred Flintstone, while Rick 
Moranis is his humble but astute pal Barney 
Rubble. Like the Addams Family films, The 
Flintstones relies on gags and gimmicks to pro-
vide brief moments of humor, but its sluggish 
plot hits rock-bottom. 

Beverly Hills Cop III 
Eddie Murphy again revives his smart-aleck 

cop Axel Foley in this sequel. This time, he goes 
from Detroit to California to investigate a 
murder and happens upon a counterfeit 
money operation in the heart of an amuse-
ment park. Beverly Hills Cop III not 
only shows Murphy's waning talent, 
but it also indicates that the Beverly 
Hills Cop genre needs to be put to 
sleep. 

JUNE 
City SlIcke,. II: 
The Legend 

n/of Curly's Gold 
On a recent ap-

pearance on "The 
Late Show with 
David Letterman," 
Billy Crystal swore 
this sequel is better than 

Top: Kevin eostner stars 
in Wy." £.wrp. 

Above: John Goodman Is 
Fred Flintson. In Th. 
Fllnt.,ones. 

Courtesy 01 Ron Bltzdorff 

Rllht: Eddie Murphy 
revlv .. dectecttv. Axel 
Foley In .. ~ H .. 
Cop III. 

.. t" • • ' 

summer flicks 

the first, but it's hard to see 
how it could be. The first 

flick was more of a nov-
elty and wasn ' t reall y 
that funny. The plot for 
the sequel, which i!!; 
volves the search for a 
hidden gold mine, 
sounds far-fetched. 

Speed 
With his vacant 

stares and deadpan de-
livery, Keanu Reeves 

seems to screw up every 
serious movie in which 

he stars, whether it' s Much 
Ado About Nothing or 

Dracula. In Speed, Reeves 
plays a serious SWAT cop who 

takes on Dennis Hopper, a serious bad guy who is 
trying to blow up a Los Angeles bus. Sounds like 
Die Hard on wheels. 

Bruce Brown'. 
The Endl_ Summer II 

It's been 30 years since Brown's first Endless 
Summer film, which was released amongst a slew 
of surfing films during the '60s. Point Break, the 

most recent surfing film released, relied on the 
star power of Kurt Russell and Keanu Reeves 
to draw fans. Brown's film isalmosta docu-
mentary, following surfers Robert Weaver 
and Pat O'Connell across the globe as they 
search for that ever-elusive perfect wave. 
This film will definitely appeal to surfers, 
though the range of its audience is question-

able. 

The Uon 10 ... 
Disney has been pushing this 

film the entire spring. With 
voices by Jeremy Irons, Mat-
thew Broderick and James Earl 
Jones and a soundtrack by 
Elton John and Tim Rice, The 
Lion King should appeal to 
youngsters as well as adults, 
a characteristic that made 

Courtesy !!I8rue. W. Tillmon 

Aladdin and Beauty 
and the Beast smash 
hits. This film should 
take a good share of 
the summer box of-

. fice receipts. 

Wolf 
Jack Nichol son 

plays a book editor 
who turns into a sexy 
werewolf that finds its 
way into Michell e 
Pfeiffer's bed. Werewolf 
films have never been big 
draws, but with Pfeiffer 
and Nicholson steaming 
things up, this one might have 
some bite. 

Wyatt Earp 
Since Tombstone already covered 

the story of Wyatt Earp and his cohort 
Doc Holliday, it's hard to see the point of 
this lengthy (over three hours) and expensive 
($65 million) film which stars Kevin Costner as 
the renegade lawman. The real challenge will be 
for Dennis Quaid, who has to match Val Kilmer's 
brilliant performance as Doc Holliday in Tomb-
stone. 

JULY 
TrueU .. 

After last year's disappointing Last Action 
Hero, Arnold Schwarzenegger is back. The burly 
actor is reunited with director James Camerofl 
(Terminator 2) for this big-budget ($120 million) 
thriller. Co-star Jamie Lee Curtis plays the unsus-
pecting wife of a computer salesman 
(Schwarzenegger) who turns out to be a terrorist. 
The release date for this one has already been 
pushed back because of editing problems, but it 
could be a comeback for Arnie. 

Blown Away 
Tommy Lee Jones, who put some snarl into his 

Academy Award-winning role as the investigat-
ing cop in The Fugitive last year, is now the bad 
guy for real. Jeff Bridges is a bomb squad captain 
who is trying to stop Jones. Sounds a lot like 
Speed. Lloyd Bridges (Jeffs dad) and Forest 
Whitaker also star. 

Forrest Gump 
Tom Hanks, hot off his best actor Oscar for 

Philadelphia, stars in this film about a man who 
travels the world trying to fit in. If you've seen 

Woody Allen's Zelig, the 
storyline should be no 
mystery at all. It will be a 
challenge for Hanks to pull 
it off. 

The Client 

Courtesy 01 The Watt 
Disney Company 

Yet another John Grisham tale adapted for 
the screen. This time, Susan Sarandonand Tommy 
Lee Jones play the couple embroiled in a legal 
scandal, which involves the murder of a U.S. 
senator. Uke The Pelican Brief and The Firm, this 
should provide tedious suspense. 

TheM .. 
It will be interesting to see if The Mask lives up 

to the promise of its trailer. Jim Carrey, who has 
seen sudden stardom with the success of Ace 
Ventura: Pet Detective, plays a bank clerk who 
discovers a magic mask. The special effects are 
reminiscent of Roger Rabbit, and Carrey 's comic 
hijinks may tum this film into a blockbuster. 

The Shadow 
Alec Baldwin stars as the radio hero. The early 

word on this film is that it could be a sleeper, but 
it probably won't top Batman. 

Left: Kunu RHv .. "'" to MYe 
the ............ of. city ..... from 
• terrorist In Speed. 

R .... t: 5uMn S..KIon comforts 
..... child In TIle ClIent, MOther 
tim baNd on • John GrlshMn 
novel. 

F.r RI ... t: Mel Gibson, lodie 
Foster ............ Garner s .. In 
.... erick. 

HIATUS 5 

Courtesy 01 Ralph Nelson 

Top: Alec a.ldwln h ... secret 
identity In The SlIIIdow. 

Left: Jeremy Irons does the voice of 
the Lion In The LIon K1n8. 

AUGUST 

Airheads 
Three members (Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler 

and Steve Buscemi) of a mediocre rock band take 
overa radio station to get some airplay. Smells like 
something for the teen crowd. 

Clear and Pre.e.,t Danger 
Harri son Ford retu rns as CIA agent Jack Ryan in 

this adaptation of the Tom Clancy novel. This time 
he takes on Colombian drug cartels. Post-Cold 
War violence is always a big draw. 

Natural Born Killers 
Oliver Stone makes fun of the present preoccu -

pation with serial killers. Woody Harrelson and 
Juliette Lewis play lovers who love to kill people, 
and Morton Downey, Jr. is the talk-show host who 
exposes them. Stone is not known for his satire, but 
his politics are always blatantly obvious. 

Pulp Rctlon 
Director Quentin Tarantino has the chance to 

break into the mainstream with his sophomore 
effort. With big-name actors such as Bruce Willis, 
Uma Thurman and Harvey Keitel, his chances are 
good. And disco king John Travolta makes a 
comeback attempt as well . If Pulp Fiction is as 
violent as Reservoir Dogs, Tarantino's debut, it 
won ' t have mass appeal but will solidify Tarantino 
as a cult film director of the '90s. 

Courtesy 01 Andrew Coopt!' 



HIATUS 6 The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, June 2, 1994 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

TIlly •••• NCII 'I' ......... tIIIl e.ul*I'1 III ... allll. 
TIIIt ....... 1liiy 

talk • 1IIIrI ..... IIIIIIII II •••••. 
-6' 6~ 

-5'----l~ ----5'-

-4'--....., ~--4'-

-3'---

o 

rou· 
We have 11 

convenient locations 
Call today for your 
next appointment. 

231-1110 

A friend? . .. 
Your sister? ... 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you abou t 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care . .. anywhere. Whether 
you need birth control, pregnancy 
testing. abortion services, male or 
female sterilization, pre-natal 
care, annual exams, testing for 
STDs and H[V, or other informa-
tion concerning your health, 
know that Planned Parenthood 
offers quality service in a com-
fortable and caring environment. 

We care about 
your health 
... spread the word. 

Planned 
Parenthood 
1'11111111i:111ty 

Come in for your next 
appointment and 

redeem this coupon. 

2 /11011 tlIs 
FI?EE~ 

Offrr good for IItID "mienls ""Iy. 

p----3'-

nil'tll Colltrol Pills 

i ~ PlIII •• PIn.tI •• 
! [!I) .f III Dill. C.IIII l ________________________________________ ~~~~ .. ___ MM ___ QUA. __ •• ~ 

MUS I C 

With Honors Soundtrack 
Various Artists 

w ............. .. 

Like many soundtrack albums, 
the collection of music from the 
film With Honors includes a few 
standouts, a couple of misses and 
more than one filler. Despite its 
shortcomings, however, the album 
is an above-average compilation 
of songs from both newcomers 
and veterans. 

The soundtrack 's standout and 
first single is Madonna 's " I' ll 
Remember." The simplistic track 
is driven by a percolating key-
board arrangement with a hint of 
Calypso drums. 

Vocally, Madonna delivers a 
pure and soulful performance 
fi lled with earnest emotion. ''I' ll 
Remember" was written by 
Patrick Leonard, a longtime col-
laborator with Madonna, Richard 
Page and Madonna herself. 

Another of the album 's high-
lights is the Pretenders' cover of 
Bob Dylan's "Forever Young." 
Lead singer Chrissie Hynde ap-
propriately retains her throaty 
vocal style. Although the vocals 
sound moderately restrained, they 
flow perfectly with the track's 
easy-paced melody. 

An song by the Cult gives the 
album some much-needed punch 
with a new mix of the group's 

"She Sells Sanctuary." From the 
first riff of the guitar to lead vocal-
ist Ian Astbury ' s final wailing, the 
song is catchy and immediately 
appealing. With its emphasis on 
guitar leads and a propulsive drum 
rhythm, the song could easily re-
ceive airplay if released as a single. 

Other notable tracks include 
an acoustic " Your Ghost" by 
Kristin Hersh with additional vo-
cals by R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe; 
the jazz track "Blue Skies" by 
Lyle Lovett; and the rough-edged 
pop song "On the Wrong Side" by 
Lindsey Buckingham, who is 
gradually stepping out of 
Fleetwood Mac 's shadow. 

The album also contains its 
portion of tried and true songs. 
Although these songs are solid, 
they are, for the most pan, forget-

~able . They include the tiresome 
"Fuzzy" by Grant Lee Buffalo, 
the dance-light "Tribe" by Babble 
(formerly The Thompson Twins) 
and the routine "Run Shithead 
R un" by M udhoney, a song which 
sounds reminiscent of The Doors. 

Although the With Honors 
soundtrack may not graduate with 
high honors, its selection ofmusi-
cal talent deserves a passing grade. 

-0 ...... K. Lew 

Just $1.99 (With Student I.D.) buys 
a great breakfast atW;"·]~. New owners 

Neil Libin and Harry Saram have cooked up 
a hearty new morning menu. Choose from 
4 complete breakfasts-featuring 3 great 

egg plates, including your choice of 
bacon, ham, sausage or corned beef 
and home fries-starting at just $1.99. 

When it's time for breakfast ... 
it's time for ~TIj"u~. 

~IMffillf5 
....... ~~ ........ -..-. 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

lREAKFAST 
7·11 .Ift ..... ·,ri. 

Next to La Jollo 
Village Theatres 

455-1461 

... -- -. . ~-. --- -- --- .. -.------ .. -- - ---- - -- -- -- ---- . ----------~- -- ---.. . ---~--. --

As a result of a recent California Supreme Court 
decision, Smith v Re&ents. former and currently 
enrolled UCSD undergraduate students may be 
eligible for a refund of ASUCSD Activity fees. 
The decision affects compulsory undergraduate 
campus tees collected to support student organi-
zations and activities such as student govern-
ments and lobbying activities. 

In its decision, the California court ruled that the 
University cannot compel students to contribute 
compulsory student government fees to support 
political or ideological organizations or activities. 

The University, in consultation with the campus 
student governmeQts, is in the process of devel-
oping a policy to comply with the court ruling. 

H you feel you may qualify for a refund, pleaSe 
contact the A.S. ·Receptionist, 3rd floor of the 
Price Center, or call 534-4450 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian 87 

UCSD 
NEED STORAGE FOR THE SUMMER? 

Let California Self Storage 
Move You FREE! 

BEFORE AFTER 

- U Load - We'll Haul 
- Easy to use, easy to move 

- Cl08est facility to campU8 
- Low low monthly rates 

- Saves you time and money! 
CAll NOW TO RESERVE A SPACE! 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
(~AI .. I .. Lt52-1()LI7 

AztIG f.A51 GAll! MAlJ. 

Looks like a 
Vivarin night. 

It's 10 PM. You've crammed for finals 
all week. Took two today. And 

now you've got to pack an entire 
semester's worth of Philosophy into 
one take-home exam, in one night. 
But how do you stay awue when 

you're totally wiped? Revive 
with Vivarin. Safe as coffee, 

Vivarin helps keep you awake 
and mentally alert for hours. 

So when you have pen in 
hand, but sleep on the brain, 

make it a Vivarin nightl 

• 

.-



HIATUS 8 The UCSD Gaardiu 'I1tvIcIay, Juel, 19M 

FILM 

John Cassavetes 
Ken Cinema will slww retrospective of director's work this month 

Byc..UdeII 
Staff Writer 

The late John Caasavetea' in-
tensely emotional and honest films 
comprise a genre of their own, 
offering a blend of improvisation, 
OOcumentuy and collaboration. 
Actor, writer and director, 
Cassavetes set out to make un-
complicated. genuine films about 
the complexity of human relation-
ships. While his films do oot fall 
within any typical. commercial 
framework. they stand out as real 
and uncompromising. Throughout 
June, the Ken Theatre will show a 

retrospective of six classic 
Cassavetea filma. 

Working within tbe indepen-
dent film scene, Cassavetea cre-
ated his own thematic terrain by 
concentrating on the psychology 
- however diaturbed it may. be -
of domestic America. Hit relent-
leu focUion people and emotional 
expression comes aaou in hia use 
of close-up shots and his continual 
reliance on ongoing. often unedited 
dialogue. 

Because he deals with a variety 
of human relationships, 
Cassavetes' simple but dramatic 

Kappa Kappa Gamma 
Wishes F . well to Ou 

fimy Cum min. 
Marcia l1alero . 
jana .JI'alpai 
rJJal.hepa Gold.'ein 
jenjiollenler 
epa ~ing.bury 
'l>anielle lIpine 
fi.hlie ~ngel 

Su.anne 'Thomp.on 
Chri,'ie ~o.ha 
.4Jurajiolme. 

Michellefin,ari 
.K.aren finderaon 
rXendra iurchfiel 

lJz ~ray 
Camellajame, 
Cambria Cox 

~oni Subni&: 
ill 'Tornmeraa.on 

rXym froeolor 
19,urelfiufmulh 

e. ~eGuzman 
fili.on 'i>e.(JJcca 

'Tere.a J{guyen 
jill Zook 

"-~"'i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ... We 'II Miss You riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~ 

plota alwaya call for an incredibly 
versatile and pusiorwe group of 
actors. His filma invariably include 
the same actors, and Gena 
Rowlands (Caaaavetes' wife), Pe-
ter Falk, Bon Gazzara and 
Caasavetes himaelftypically form 
the exceptional cut in his filma. 

Hi, 1960 directorial debut 
SJuuJows (June 30) demonstrates 
the improvisation and realism 
which quickly came to identify 
Cassavetes' style. During the 20 
years that followed Shadows. 
Cassavetes wrote and directed ap-
proximately a dozen films which 

1 000 Ihs or less? 
We're the small 
load speCialists! 

• Welhip anythi1g *om 1 to 1,000 
IbI. -a lingle pIIce to a roorntW of 
UnitIIN 
• p,o' IIlanai a-.n crating and 
pICIcagIIlQ 
tNlr8d 
t PIckup ..vice I he ... ,_ 
t Tape box8I. pecking n-.IIII 
and men for dJ.I-yJInIIIn 

~~~a. 6lDP8: 
~ 

. --- _7IZ·ZZII 
12730 c:.rIIIII CIIuI*Y ......... 113 

... DIIF. CA 111130 
15 °u STUDENT DISCOUNT 

continued to demonstrate his char-
ismatic and eclectic atyle of film-
making. Hia unique editin8 ere-
ales believable ICenes in which . 
the camera and viewer alike onter 
the lives of "average" Americana. 

The bonoat emotion each chu-
.cler portrays creUea an atmo-
spbere which aeta the tone for the 
atories CUlavetea tells. In A 
WOIIfGII Unlkrtltelnjlu.ence(June 
9), Caaaavetes concentrates on the 
woman'a role in the domeatic 
spbere, creating a atory about a 
housewife (Rowland) who 
struggles with ber external envi-

rooment aocijntemalaelf.InOpen-bt, Ni,,,, (June 23). Rowlands 
again takes on the lead role, play-
ing a famoUi but insecure Broad-
way actreu who must cope with 
the conflicts between ber public 
and private lives. Caaaavotea of-
ten casta Rowlands as the para-
doxical heroine, bavina her play 
female cbaraeten who bave the 
potential to contest (tim conven-
tions because their rolea are 10 
developed. 

The films wiu ahowon June 9, 
23 and 30, For more information, 
call. 283-S909 

.,','. ~D" STUDENTS 
"(;((8 AND FACULTY 

Avoid future wiS<;/om teeth problems . .. 
Have your teeth evaluoted NOWI • 

If you require extractions, we can provic/e them 
safely and efficiently in a slate of the art facility 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

. La Jolla Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery 
459-0862 

Ronald HecMr, ~.~.s., Craig B. 0.-, D.D.S., Inc . 
DipIornaI. An. ieaI. Board of oral and Maxi1lolacial Surgery 

(RMININfi~ 
LA JOLLA 
HHS HLL THE 
ANSWERS. 

From a huge variety of services like Kinko's, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph's Grocery, to entertainment 
and fun from places like TGIFriday's, Blockbuster 
Video and Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village Center 
has got you seriously covered. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got ~. Good. 

• 

'l'Unclay, J ..... 2,1", 

ball .1, .alt ... 

,.._11, WI 
rjiiiift .iiDiiiil r __ Liti .,..., 
: 111'/. OFF :: '24- : I I ..... '21") I 

8915 Towne '-'CIIIR 
SuR 100 (lenai.ncc CallIer _ Ruhio'.) 

.... 311 
----

755 Turquoise St. 
ca-- P.B. .... LI 10110) 

Considering the JYdPef is 
due tomolTOW, arenltou 
glad were qJffi a1l night? 

You.want to make SIR your project kds its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be wClting on it Wlail 

the minub: it's due, it's a groJ thing we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
884;;i;7~·i·f7RU5) 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

413-1152 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

...... '"11 t 7 PI 
- Send )'IU IIIIry on 1118 112" ITt 11· 

"""PIIIIr liang wIII)'IU ..... )W1n IdIoaI, coIIIIgt you IIInd II U::SO, _ 
and JRJne rudJer1D: Sports &lb. LaD 
Gunll!.11500 ~ DrM. O316.l1Jo11, 
CA!m&0316. Or you can ctop. ~ In" 
l.IIIn BaxIn1hefrolC"lIe Gl8dlwloIb, 
locIMdonllelllCCllldlooroflle OIdSludn 
CInIIJr. 

-The erty .1he nat conId IfI: 
swers, • dlllllmil., ITt jIdges, wi be • 
cInd 1he am- prill wn. and wi be 
18COIJiIIId ..... quizanswers .. prInIed 
1he tIowIng week. In 1he MIll of a tie, a 
drMngwi be held" del8rmlnea wiN. A 
IIIIIIdnun " 15 correct enIrIes not seIectId 
as the grand-prtze wmer wi be COIISidered 
rtmerS-tII). 

- The Pl(I-prize winner wi receMI a 
free dinr for two .. BJ's QicIgo PIzzeria. 
Rtmnup wi raceiIIe a free I*Cher of 
AmsIIi ~ Bear or soda .. BJ's, IocaIed In 
l1JdlaVllage5cJJn.AlstofllM1ners wi 
bepcRldalBJ'sBhW88kandM1nersneed 
to show Idtidlcallon" cIim .. 

-l.CSO sbIIem, SId nI factjy .. 
eligible to .. , ~ for GuItdIwI starr 

rnnbers and ~ " BJ's ChicIgo 
PImrIL 

- 0rItf one enIry PI" pnn No InISS-
pnxU:ed nils wi be DI!IIId. EnIriIs 
IOOSI be .. 1he GcatrIirI alb ITt noon 
WeIhIsday. 

- PItzIs IOOSI be cIIined '**' two 
W8IIks " wlnrw's posting, ... which the 
prim Is bteIad. 

1M Week', AMW8'I: 
• L WbidJ city Ioob to be 1be new 
home of the NBA TunberwoIves? 

NewOrtt.. 
.2. What NBA am beat 1be Denver 
Nuggets to ~ into 1be next round 
of the playoffs? Utah Jazz 
.3. What San Diego Padre infielder hit 
a grand slam to beat the San Francisco 
GianlS4-{)inMonday'sfirstgameofthe 
dJree.garoe series? louis Lopez 
• 4. What women's seed lost to 

Miramam Oremas in the first round of 
the French Open? 

Ma11InI Navrodova 
.5. Whatsporting~oomJl8DYhas 
made the SOClalI' game ba& at the last six 

SPORTS 11 

WuId OJpa.mpionsbips? AcId8I 
." As eX klday, wOO is leading !be 
NIIionaI League in ~ 1YeI'9? 

Ta.yewy. 
• 7. What t.ebaU player holds the 
rcoord fbrmost hcmers<bing the first 
two months of the se&Ql? 

Ke. GrIIey, Jr . 
• 1. What NHL team bea !be T<X'OIIfo 
Maple Leafs in 1be playoff series? 

V __ wrc...dll 
.9. Whatfonner Da1Ja, Cowboy won 
1be gold medal in 1be lOO-me1er dIIsb in 
1be 1964 Olympics? 

"Bak" Bob Hayes 
.10. Whatbaseballam will1be UCSD 
Trimsmeetin 1befirstroundeX1be Div. 
ill Cdlege Watd Series? ~ 

TbJs Week's Wlantn: 
• Gruel PrIze 
Ben Elgin, Jr., Com. 
• Ruaaen-up 
Jared Calabrese, Fr., ReI. Stu. 
Jefferson Cox, Jr., HistOlY 
Carlos Escobedo, Jr. , W. Studies 
Issac Jordan, Sr., Struc. Eng. 
David Kang, Grad ., Neurosci. 
Mike Komori , Fr., Class. Stu. 
John Li, Sr. , Biology 
Kim Mahoney, Sr., Sociology 
Jeff Maloney, Fr., Mod. Greek 
Jeff Paulson, Sr., W. Studies 
Matt Ringer, Sr., Cbern. Eng. 
Wayland Shih, Sr., Biology 
Greg Zolotar, Sr., Sociology 

GOOD LUCK 
N FINALS! 

Does late night cramming take priority over 
grocery shopping~ If so. we're just down the 
road, ready to deliver made-to-order pizzas 
and subs to your private study hall. In fact. 
study the coupons here and give us a call! 

i FREE i 
: 6" a§~2_t~~!!!,!CH : 

, I 

1 at recubrprtceandcec a I • 
1 '" SUPER SUB Sandwich FREE! 1 

• 

lIAS 
UBS 

CAli Usl 452-UCSD 
jwc rnIrIIas from campus. 

3211 HOLIDAY COURT 
Hours: II un-I am Sm.."."." II am-lIm Fri.' Sat. 

0I'fN FOR WNCH 

_-,_.~_-..a.._.., __ .... 

I CAU USl4S2-UCSD I 
1 -----.· .... --..,--, r.... Go1 1 
-e..no_ . 

IiiAiilijIiillliA ~ ~ #! 
1 MEDIUM 2· TOPPING PIZZA, I 
1 Twtm BREAD- FOR ONLY 1 
1&2COm' $10": ' 
1 CAU US! ,.Iu I I 452-UCSD : 
1 - ............. -~ 1 ~:: .. - a-1 _ 

r-1Ii1.lIfll'j:a.JI~ 
1 2 MEDIUM 1 
1 2-TOPPING PIzzAs 1 
: FORONLY $12" I 
1 JUST ASK SpEClAl. ".Iu 1 
1 CAUUSI 1 ~ 
1 452-UCSD 1 1---..,- 1 
-,----

1 I . I-TOPPING PIZzAs I 
1 &A= Sl~" I I DIEr~"~ONLY U,.. .. I 
I CALL US! I 
I 452-UCSD 1 
I ~----.. I 
..-.............. a-1 •• 

... -----~ .... -----------... -----------.. 



12 

, , 

The UCSD Guardian 

Grq ~ 1IXft.we g their money his m.te MUUI1' Ihe best-sr.ilq 

Tbanday. JaDe 2. 19M 

at 
'tionsfor 

penooal arIIIl*rm ~ ani aatS lheam-
try for the past two yeart And that's a trend that 

Affurd"bll' cornputt·' ..... frolll Appl(' 

is likely to continue. 8eause there are Macintosh mI PuwerBook" models 

LJ I~ S 1::.:.1 
IJ(){)K'~ '( )f«f UCSD Bookstore 

Computer Center 

Join the UCSD Bookstore 
for our Sixth Annual 

534-4291 

Bloomsday HEALTH FITNESS 
A twelve,hour reading from 
James Joyce's masterpiece, 

Ulysses 
James Joyce. ca. 1930 

Thursday, June 16 
8 AM to 8 PM 

UCSD Bookstore Foyer 
Volunteer readers receive a free T-shirt 

(while supplies laAt). 
For more information or to volunteer II a nader, 

call 534-3149 

2085 San Ellgo Ave. 
CarcUff, CA 92007 

(619)634-9740 
Call for Grand Opening Information I 

U 
I'UW~KHUlJ~~ 

IN POWAY 
12640 Sabre SprI.g Parkway #106 

San DIqo, CA 92108 
(619)486-5790 

Au NEW STATE OF 'DIE An EQoIrJa!Nr 
So ........ fUtIId a..lce 

.......... " •• tlav....-

Thanclay. JUDe 2. 19M The UCSD Guardian 

1994 Spring Senior Salute 

Sponing the dubious combinIIiOll of youth and 
inexperience, Head Coech JacIc Vallerp's merry band 
of women rowen bad their wort cut out for them. 
However, after aU was said aDd done, VaJJerp bid 
reuon to smile. 

"Everybody got their chance to shine - the quid, 
the novice four and the vanity eiabt. .. VaUerp beamed. 
"Everybody bad s c:bance to demonstrate the strength of 
the UCSD crew program. I'll remember these girls for 
along time as people that pulled for eac:b other in every 
way. That was very special." 

Although it took a few months before the Tritons 
truly got off the blocks, they were rewarded with IIOIDC 
spectacular successes as the ICaSOn continued. 

"This was a team that got fasterevery week,"ValJerp 
said. "They knew that they had to contend with some 
fast competition early on, but they kept plugging away ." 

Indeed, after impressive Miller Cup and State Row-
ing Championship outings, the women's team saved its 
best for last at the Pacific Coast Rowing OJampion-
ships held May 21-22. 

The women's novice-four squad fared the beat, 
earning a bronze medal in a phenomenal time of7:52.1 
and finishing ahead of Division I powerbouacs UCu., 
Washington State and Cal. 

"Although there were only five people in the boat, 
all 33 people who made the trip took ownership and 
pride in wbat we accomplished, " Vallerp said. "As a 
coach, I couldn't have been more satisfied with our 
year." 

The Tritons bid seniors Marah Koprowski, a sec-
ond-year varsity rower, and li11 Polasky, a third-year 
Varsity member, a fond farewell. 

"Both of them, along with everyone else, helped 
embody the kind of attitude of dedication and relentless 
effort, regardless of what boat they were in or who they 
were racing against," Vallerp said. 

BUCKNER: Don't worry 
Bill, we finally un~erstand 
ContInued from .... ZO 
squsda, both intercollegiate and club, and bave tried to 
alleviate the alleged lack of cohesiveness among the 
student-community. Lookilll back on the year, I think 
we blve been extremely successful in doing just that. 

UCSD witnelled the crownina of three national 
cbampioDl in men's soccer, women's tennis and 
womon's water polo. The GUQrdUuI was right there in 
the thick of it during the Wash. U. women's volleyball 
grudge match, the intense NCAA men's basketball 
playoff action and the Tritons' IquatiCS assault on 
Kenyon Collep. Hell, we even traveled to Geneva, 
N.Y., to cover the women's soccer Final Four. 

The UCSD club sports program b .. never enjoyed 
as mucb at~ention and success. Men's lacrosse nearly 

. pulled out an unprecedented victory over the bighly-

summer 
sesslon94 
UNIVERSrTY OF CAUFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

III _I bill lluk 
It all came down to the little things. Plagued by 

naggilll injuries, mid-aeason finals and untimely techni-
cal flaws, Triton men's crew suffered its share of bud 
tnocb this season. 

"Utile things kept gnawina at us all year long. .. men's 
Head Coacb Doug Thiemann said. "One of our key 
rowers, Oliver Cauldron, left to try out for the Belp 
National team early on and we were bit with a lot of otbcr 
people's additional comments, requirements and com-
mitments. This was I tough season." 

The Tritons opened the season beamilll with opti-
mism after a promising winter training session, but 
found themaelves playing catcb-up to the state's best. 

Winning the petite finals It the Cal Visitor's Cup in 
the San Diego Crew aaasic on April 10 helped bolster 
the team's confidence, but "catcbilll a crab" It the 
California State Championships on April 23 didn't help 
matters for the varsity-eight squad. 

"That technical error didn't help our team mucb, but 
we bounced bact elsewhere," said Thiemann, referring 
tobis varsity-four crew grabbilll the state gold medaJ and 
the quad crew's silver-medaJ efforts. 

Both crews Imlssed further bonon at the end-of-the-
year Pacific Coast Rpwing Ownpionsbipa,with the var-
sity-four and the quad rowers nabbing bronzes. 

"It was I challenging year becausc we didn't see many 
benefits of success after such an investment of time," 
Thiemann said. "But all the guys who are staYina realize 
where the program is going. We have built a solid 
foundation of very positive starting points. I think every-
one just can't wait until next year." 

Departing seniorS from tbis year's crew squad in-
clude varsity co-captain Adam Wbinston Ind four-
year members Charles Dubl, Oscar Madrigal and Tom 
De8eJlis. 

favored Cal Bears in the Western Finals and tbe 
women's squad made yet anotber impressive appear-
Ince in tbe Final Four. Equestrian and arcbery made 
their debuts and cyclins. sailing, surfina and ultimate 
disc eacb enjoyed successful seUODl. 

We were awestruck by countless numbers of inspiring 
individual efforts, including Todd Curran's double over-
time Ileal and subsequent goal to advance the men's 
soccer team to the Final Four; Brian Van Noy's lut-
aecond, game-winning jumper to end Pomona Pitzer's 
dreams of upaetting the mighty Triton men's basketball 
squad and Travis Miller's continued lSSIulton the NCAA 
swimmIng record boob. 

The GUQrdUut sports section bas bad its ups-and-
downs tbis year, but I can honestly say that I bave been 
proud to serve alongside the talented men and women 
tbat have labored so hard to consistently bring the UCSD 
campus community I qUality product. 

I can now say with all sincerity that I understand the 
tribulations of Mr. Bill Buckner . 

JA I#I/II!!iE 
•••••••••• 

Choose from two nve~w4~ek" st$l$lQflIS: : FREE: 
June 27-July 29 
August 1-5eIDtelmbir2 • FROSTED. 

: MOCHA : 
• When ~ hafoae • 
• at replupnce. • 
• ... r:~!:.~ • 
•••••••••• 
* H_ tf. HWU's FrtusI 

ctfon. 
* '* RIMSI 0... CtjfoI ... Sit. 

willi. PraIJat Ctff-
At ,.,.,. 

Ceeta Vade Center 
"'0 11IC-luklL' 
"57-JAVA (5282) 
.. -n ..... l .... ' ..... 12..." 
.. 7-~U ......... I ... 

SPORTS 13 

~tl~ Kound rable P'11Z8 
INTRAMIM. TEAM OF THE WEll 
_ .... " __ ar ... 
The king Is dead I The Yankees Iostlhe pennan~ TheCeitics didn't 
make he pIayoffsl The Cowboys are no Iongerl And, at UCSD, 
he reign of .. mighty Phi Delts Is CNW. s...n years as !he best 
sports fraternity Q"I campus, dalelln fact" Phi Dells have won 
he bonner fNeIY yea since It's inception acept one, this year. 
Yepl II's roN wide open. The mighty has fallenl Cotvats to" 
S?!,o Chi's b- becoming Q"IIy ht second fraternity 10 win .. 
AI~ Bamer. You guys ct.d it wit. doss. Sigma Chi, 0 g-eat 
fraternity In fNeIY wayl 

.Orn 
BElDIN! 

Witness a watennelon being hurled 
from the top of Urey Han and be a part 
of the oldest tradition at UCSD! 

29," 1I •• UIII IlEIIEIIE ~ 
l.rERIELOI 0 

'1II1J11V, IU~!~!mR 0 
Vrey Hall and P 
Revelle Plaza 

For more information, call 534-1580 
Sponsored by the Revelle Program Board. 

Tired of cafeteria food? Don't have time to 
cook? Need a study break? Call Pizza Hut! 

I CAllYOUII 
~!:~~ 492·2222 ,.,...." ~ 
.,2·22" 
- l"ril;r4",'ul T - •• "UilM'·'AWitliil 

: Two .edlu. : $3 OFF : 
I 2.I.ppI81. I $ •• Y .. ,.. I 
: 'In •• $9" I 2 OF~ I· I . I. lIlY I I I w_ .. ~· .............. 1 
I it;eli .£ 15i.;eAi . .S,: 
._'S_ ........ ~--~--- -~------ -~ 



14 SPORTS 

THURSDAY NIGHTS 
ARE BACK AT 

ITALIAN 
RESTAURANT 

COLLEGE NITE SPECIALS 
12" PIZZAS starting at $600 

" $800 14 PIZZAS starting' at 
60-oz. PITCHERu~ 

Domestic 
Ales & Lager 

792-7521 145 S. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 

BU 
SEl 

JRID 

1007 Gamet Avenu~ j 
PacifIC Beach, 273-6211 

I 

SUNDAYS! 
Enjoy Springtime Outdoors with 
FREE LIVE MUSIC 
IN THE GARDENS! 

EVERY SUNDAY, I • 4 P.M. 
May 15 - JIZZ Lite 
May 22 - BII Macpllenoa " nk'd Beat 
May 29 - Steve KocIIerUM, Muao ReaIMy 
JlI18 5 - Peter Spnpe 
.hn 12 - GIn .... Col AIIu 

KARL STRAUSS BREWERY GARDENS 
n 1craI ............... M_ .5I7-IRIW (2'm) 

The UCSD GaanIiU 

When the UCSD women's tennil tellD opened its 
season u the sixth-ranked squad in Division III, it bad 
high expectations for the season, but no one bad any 
idea that it could be u successful u it wu. The Tritons 
climbed the rankings' ladder to the number-three posi-
tion before arriving at the national chllDpionsbips in 
Michigan. . 

Once-there, however, UCSD asserted Itself u the 
team to beat. The Tritons bounded over every obstacle 
in their patb, including the country's top-ranked tellD, 
Trinity Qlllege (fX), en route to their fourtb national 
title in tbe past seven years. 

Over tbe course of tbe regular season, UCSD 
amassed a stellar 15-3 record, with two of tbe 
losses coming at tbe bands of Div. I scbools. Tbe 
Tritons only Division III loss was to nemes.is Tri~­
ity College (TX), which they defeated tn then 
championship run. 

"That was a tough defeat," Head Coach Liz laPlante 
said, "but we got revenge on [Trinity] in the NCAA 
championships." .. . 

The Tritons met up with the squad from Tnnlty ID 
the semifinals of the NCAA team competition and 
handed it a 6-3 defeat. In the championship showdown 
against WillillDs Qlllege of Massachusetts, U~D 
garnered a resounding 7-2 victory to walk away With 
the title. 

"The girls peaked at the right time," laPlante said, 
"we played really well at Nationals." 
., -

:.' - ... , " " ,>-" - -

Thancla,. J .... 2. 19M 

.,...CIl.lu Afterfour 
years of varsity tennis at 

UCSD,~~r~ 
to the number~ sl~ 
spot during her senior cam-
paign. In addition, she was 
the team captain. "IC~ 
dler) maturedtremelldously 
as a person and a player 
this year,· LaPlante said. 

.............. -WlII-
lams played two years at 
UCSD. This season she 
played at the number·four 
singles and number-one 
doubles spots. "(WIlliamsl 
was a great team player. 
Her game really improved 
as she becatne more ag-
gresslve," LaPlante said. 

MIchelle WIlbur - A three 
year member of the team, 
WIlburcompeted In the num-
ber-five singles and num-
ber-three doubles poSitions. 
"I voted her the most Im-
proved player on the team 
because of the Improvement 
in her consistency and con-
centration,· LaPlante said. 

Dullers Drill TritOns To lecand Piaci in lilian 
.,... ..... - As the 
only senior on this year's 
team, Abraham led from the 
front, and was the top Triton 
at this year's National tour-
nament, placing fourth -
good enough for AII-Ameri-
can honors. More than just 
a steady player, Wydra 
called him "the greatest 
pure golfer In UCSD history .• 

In its quest for back-td-back chllDpionships, the 
UCSD golf team found itself dealt a poor band. Veteran 
ace Brock Shafer suffered a near-season ending injury 
and UCSD Head Qlach Mike Wydra suddenly found 
himself relying on a couple of wild cards in untested 
freshmen Mike Hartford and Arnie CllDpbell. 

Shafer's broken leg, combined with the decision of 
up-and-coming stir Pete Roberts to redshirt, left UCSD 
Head Qlach Mike WynIa looking to some unlikely 
sources for a run at the title. With the team's only senior, 

Dale AbrabllD, and seasoned junior Tom Brown guid-
jng the squad, tbe Tritons recovered their balance after 
a somewhat sbalty start. 

Freshmen Hartford, Campbell, Alex Behrend and 
Brian Walter gave the team an unexpected boost as 
UCSD romped through tbe regular season and revved 
up for the Nationals. 

Campbell and Hartford won the intra-squad compe-
tition to travel to Fayetteville, North Carolina, for the 
championship along witb Abraham, Brown and tbe 
still-recovering Sbafer. 

The fivesome couldn't upset toumllDent favorite 
and host team Methodist, but the Tritons were able to 
claim nmner-up honors by finishing 24 strokes back, 
1177-1201. Abraham brought bome fint-team AIl-
America honors ~n the strength of a fourth-place finish, 
while Brown and Hartford were named to the second 
team. "Any other year we would have won the tourna-

said. "But Methodist was too .. 

The Gu,nI/,n IPorts department wllhel the entire UCSD 
community I happy lummer. Important lummer lafety 
tip: Remember to not put too much lighter fluid on the 

barbecue or you'll bum your eyebrows off. 

.M~~l 
I SPECIAL I I - I 
1 8663 B CIjon BMI. I I & 1084 Gamet I 
I I 
1 I 
1 I 
I I 
1 I 
1 I 
I 1 
1'1_ .. _ I 
I .u.II3C111 .. _· ....... .., I ............ 7/11JM 

: • MuslcTRADER: 1 1114_____ 1 
I _DCItIft .... ~--· I 1OM ............ :mar. I ........ IUI........ I 
I aw .................. rm I 
I .. 1.......,......... I ........ -.-.,. __ 72 • 

~----------~ 

........ 

London 
..... 

S 1 • , " IN c 
~'J . G I' J ~ . 

You should be spending your 
VlCllIon dollarS on .. good sid! t 

AIIIII~ .. hIIpId \IIouUnCII 
at SI\IdIIIII .......... lie wandIIS 
at Ear ..... l1lil1li10 VIlIS· 
...... 1s ... SllllClIor 
IIudInIIrMIIrs. 

CIII __ -'. 
- lor your" ....... dIICi"I.1 

P 2'_IIh ... c:-...... 
TIl .................. . 

15 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\.n \~ I \11 \1"" 
AUEAGY 8l\JOY: ........... _ iliioiio ID 
w.... ...................... ),..-. 
llllIIOod ..... WIllie ............ farlllOod 
cIonIIIon. CcnecII4NIt 1. 11/1) 

ASTHMA 11\1)'(: ..-... ... I11III ID .......... 
..... /WhD_........... I adiiondlnhllld 
ilia_ UI_). WII lie ___ "10 far 
pallt:l\NlllUn ~ ~ IUIr • UCID. CorUcI 
1I4MI" . (!/!) 
T ....... aIIroed .... "-' Gal a ......... 

~ .. , ........ "., ...... 10 __ • _ I.CIOD 
--. C!!I .... , . c:wa-MI 
Eurape oN\' ... ..... Yaolc " •• CIIifi • .1M 
AftWIIme. ~ ~ LaI'. go. tt'f '"'-I, Cal 
31o.*4JIIO AIIhIIcII (RI. (II14I2I 

!LUIIOII IlOOSeveLT COLU!G! LOGO 
DUlGN CiOiiH iiilOti. DMdIIM 10 auIImII 
......,. ..... 11. 1884 ..... 10...-. EIaanar 
............ CoIage ...... coda 00If). InIannIIIon 
tv-. 412 UCIr. 1II/IH/2) 
ITReal MANAGEMENT MOTIVATIONAL 
COUN8EL.OR. e-na. ,,-. PraIIIerna. .... 
.,......,. PdaHorHhlpa, "-CGneoAIaIIan. For 
-"0,",,*11: 122 .. 11. (8IaI-6'2) 

W- ,..-. far cIodoraI ...." ... hMIIh. 
1'IIIICI;c' ... lie paid "0IMIt. Cal 487 ___ (1/ 
2M'2) 

AnemoNREVELLEOIWlUATINOIIENIOAS: 
CooII''''_' •• ~ ............. 12. 
2:30P.m. 011 '- _ fIA Ballo 8cianoe IIuIiIIng. 
For ....... p!dcupooprolcou ..... _ ..... 
....... Dean .. 0IIIaa. (ll/3I-f12) 

'-". .... -..,..8pMIioI1~~ ....... , 
.............. pqIIIiI • T1ie c.... far 
...... _-.-, Cal JulIe Tupper. 
11111) 2I5-7QIIO. (1131412) 

........ 11,....., Ownyour_ ....... 
ond .... 1ong 111m ........ _far __ 
__ Mend fREE ...... Cal MICIIMI Grllfar 
_1nIannIIIOn "' tI3... 11/1) 
,.....cu.-s_GMDUA11OII'MTY. 
.......... ,Z11, .....,.,. ...... , IwryonelrMled, 
WIll ....... OJ. 11/21 

I." PI en" L \ I 
IMtR. ............. hm ... m.-5p.m .. Help 
fie A.8. coIacI , .... _. ""'" !he ....... , Cal 
c-onDH2l4- 1W21 
CIILD CAllllIRDEDfar 204,.. old ~ ...... 
1IaacII. 11.oD11u1r· lMO .......... "-"'-
,...-. NO CAliS "!!pm, ~ 11/1) 

IICMTAIW ", '"*~ far ..... ..., 
.,..,., .......... ~ -. "'1oIW, 

"'''".II/1II 
IN1PNATIOHAL EMPLOYMENT ........ up Ie 
~ ...... IIIIIIC ~ .. 
I!ngIIrhh ........ T ......... 8. Kala No-.g 
........... MIen ................. For 
.....-. ...... 1141 • ..,.. (IIIHIZ) 
ClllipCUilllua ................ ____ . 
RouaI*'8. Dar c..., h. Bar ANa. .... lie 
.............. ,-...,. _ ..... Cal 
CII1C1111N711.11WMJ 
P ..... 11 7 ... ,,,. &~ 
Call.., __ eoa.....,. ,.., .. 

CAMllliII!I'Ifarlond.,.. ........... 1Iaadl. 
1(1.10 ............ _ .......... 11/tr. 711-
_.NO_ ... IIp ..... ..... 

ElmuplD aa.CIODh ___ n.n.1II 
M ..... '" Rep_I.... tor Excel 
T ................. ,..._ ...... IIO.-
10 ..... l0iii3 ....... CaI",.".,-...rO. 
....., 

,...., .... ,.........., ......... . 
,....a ................. I.I . ..... .... 
"",.",. CaI .................. -t!» 

. II:GII \lUI.., 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
CIIIssijiI!J advertising is sold in 15-word increments_ 17re rate per 15 ~ is $1 for 
students (for perstJMl use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a chedc (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeodIines are 3 p.m. 1hursday for Mondays 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for 17rursday's issue. The Guardian ~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more informDtion 
call534-5416. MaiJingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Alln: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, LaJoIIa, C4 92093~316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

PEEACOUN8EL.OR ................. IFII.-
.......... ........., .... ~ 
--. w..... .• -1AIbIanIOar .......... 

~. 8M jDlllaa.330 •. 331. _ .3:12 • 
Cenlarlelvloa (ll31-f12) 

~"""""III*tng __ 1e 
............................ '-WII.Sf'ft, 
andl'nl AId. ea.-T ... OoMn. !l34-G7. (51 
31-6'2) 
I..aoIdng far __ ....... 10 .--far our goad-
_ ........... DldboyfarIO-IS_ ..... 
.... 17., hour 7112-73111 . (1/31412) 

ElmIlO.OOIn ... ,,*, . ...... ,..._phorw. Cal 
310-47H11",..... ...... (l/31-f12) 

I .... ~. 1M DIago' • .- night dU>I 
_.-I*tng---._. 
Apply In ......... T.......,...., 1~.I''- CaIto< 
.,..".,231-41200. Comaf 0I4IIi ... ond E ..... 
(1/3140'1) 
~,..-. h ~_. u..ooa. non-
........ EngIIah apMdng. 0- IrenIpoIl PwI· 
111M ........ Ian. 17H4II. 11/31-1/2) 
ChId C-. 101JcI..Iune .... Augual. Del ... _ 
... One_,..Dldboy. 0-"1fIIDII*i'. 
",0IMIt, 481·'" (ll31.f12) 
Money 10, Bumme,. '500-11000 ... kly!. 
""'-'"II Mal. "- 1nIo, ' .0 . BOX 22788 . ... . 
DIego. CA 112112, (1/2) 

FOOOIEAIIERS,..-.far ........ ...... 
_~DeI_ ... Applyh ........ Loa 
Cabca lJ1!111 e c.rn. ..... lie, Go1. Ban DIego 
CAUI3CI. Opp.-~ CInema h DaI_ 

~ T_ CenIar. (1121 

CIILII CARlllElDEllfar 2+4 ,.. DId In IIoI.w 
1Iead\,17,0QhIur·1Cl12O ................... 
....-. NO CAU.8 _1Ipm. ~ l1li2) 

IECMTAIW '" ~ far .... _, 
111*. I'ay negoIIoIIIe. ~..-. ""1oIW. 
.,-31111. l1li2) 

1-4)1: ~\I.I-. 
.,-ClWBI_...-rOIIClMnMa IIIUId 
"'-'_DId ·1IDfo,'IQIaIIoCal-.s7(1112) 

IICMIIQ IAU:!'IM _11*"1110." a4r • .-
CIIIIIiPO*" _ lID. IF cUIIc ........ 110. 
.,.,., IaIdhg IIIIIa lID. ..... Ioooe _ • ,,-, 
Cal ..... -..nl. (1121 

_1ICIIIM1UII.1COO1Vt. WIllIe. h .... 
COI'dIDn. EoanomIcII. ,.~ .. HI"" F ..... 
......... a ........ IIIID. 117-1870. (1/2) 

IMCIInOIIIIIOW!A.Oa« ,lie. "'., ...... 
................... IhIarWUlUlly ... , • . 
1IIJI..I471. II1II 

_JIICIII ..... In ............ I~ 
...... "a. .-1170.II1II 
MaII-ML ......... IMna.f 
..... • , ........ Cut.......,(!/!) 

-~-..... ........ ............. -. ... __ ... 
........ iIH1 __ ......... ... 40."'. CIIIr ...... _ ....... ... 
....... -.... 

..-Lv. .ooea:ua ."ox 2IIo701n .'S. 

........ __ abo, 8011 iI good candIIan, 
c...,... _-1111 (112) 

APPl,lIIAG!WII,al· "10, ar. candIIan, 
IncUIaICIfIgInII,..... ............. _ 
_quallyparlldfar~, CaI ... tJ77-0747 
............ 100 ........... (1121 

~ ~"CM INAKIIIII pro r4'. 1 
pro 8 I/'¥ PMlI4IO. -..no S2IO cal ..... 1156-
23110, IW2I 

VW.IITTA .. 4dr.51PCl8unrool ..... ......-. • 
__ pM'II"2IO~"""IIII5w/ 

o. 8ean...aoz 19. 783-08Z3 '-. (&12) 

1'ImIN-1'UU.1IZ! ... "-I_, Brond 
...... "31.00. CAlI DlUVUl.IIM-~ (&12) 
DIIMG TA8I..I, ar.~, __ 4 
..-...,._. NDI.IIUrIIV·"'· II7-187011/111 

1IICIIIG.ooTI. Top quaIIy MoIo_ ..... ,3. 
1Irond .... _In .... A ..... "'.00 . ..... 
"",,""110.00. KM1417·1I37 fII2) 
IJICII .... w/DInop ..... ~ _ CIllO abc. 
c.. Henry 271-707S. ~ ........ (112) 

!'OR 8AL.E: IT RUSTY SURFBCWI) '75; FuI 
........... IIO;V ............ wIfIl1Dolll.4 ... 
110; TIne .., _ lamp 130; olio, 1117.-n. 
Aabaol (5I1H/2) 
FaA IW.E: lIED (OJ-. _ Uon _ ....... 
......... 0a0ImIc--=ld ....... ...- • 
.... 13O;~ ...... ~ __ S4O; 

~ ....,... taO; Cdar tv teO; \ICR 131; 
I I , , ",.,.. 171: _ -. 140: 
_lIZ: _ ...... DIIo.I1WIII3. l1li1&6'2) 

I.EillIO_.ClIwaI_ •• --"",1 e-.. _ , 1700 _. Inc. _ , CAlL 
~. ClWII-f12) 
DIamond 8adr _, _ Il00 ... _ 170. 
_14O.IcnySCO __ tIO. amp 130. 
4 ....... 130 - c.. _3DIO. (ll3I-f12) 
8paJcIaaVi ......... W-..... ~ 
.. _--.......-. ..... -. 
___ duiIIrII tlOODilo. !IIII«IIIl1lll1Nr'21 

WoN al ..... ............. """ ..... New 
.... 1Il00. CaI .... ,7. II/lI3-tal 

MourIIIIn ... : IF '*Y .... HuIIW 1Iiunder Acad. 
...... CIUdIDn •• 100.CaI __ 'I3II-.... 
(II2M'JI 

sUNF!8TTlCICETII"-. ...... a.truna. 
Tou!, ....... audi . .... _ .. _ , ...... 
12111. RYAH: 27IHM2II. (l12l4I2) 
a-: Honda Ella 210, L.- ....... __ 
__ 2 ,.,.... EIiDaIIerI ConIIIIon. IIIOW 
Dbc. Cal 1156-11114, CII/2HIII 

., ~ CompuIIr 1100. "-* 10(-
1123 _ "110. OrIgInal ........ _ . ond 
CIIIIIe. 411-1114, (II28-fI2) 

.. CIwIc. 4epd. ............. IIOK. .... AIeo. 
"-lC33, I2MEO MM "171. Cal JaIin 415-
_ .. 411-4711...,., 

MAZDA RX1.Q8L I. _ • ...-• ..,.. 
......... ----.......................... . 
1IIIQfaJIar. K8IIi '" 114. tII/IHo12) 

........IIO.OO .................. oordIui . 
w.oot. ....... -. •. CIO.CI!I ... 182-
c.II.lI/IMtII 
TP VW CMopuo . .... 4_ .... "." ......... 
..... _ • .-.-. MM'M c-. .2.1110. 
_-141 .. (IIaCIZI 

VIdeo c- PIeyer 171 (4 mo. oId). BroIher 
Word "'-'or w/booc • . Oek Book c- S50. 
MEv- IIacord Player """'" 125. c.. 587-
_, - (5I2&M) 

PASY8TiM. "-V XM4. 4 cIiIrineI8. 150_. 
2 12-lndi ......... w/wooIoIa. perfect ........... 

_"_~mIc. __ .~IIOO.calo-or811 
2I4-8l10. ~14I2) 
LMge L-lliaped _. ,,00. tal _ . S40 
abc. you ........ ...... callDaW1214-e18O. (!!(.II -
812) r 
_ ..... ,_HD.U·.US·-. S\IGA 
_. IM8cIiI!UY cwd, 04loi8 FlAM. _ , lui 
-.,. M'iI'ro. WcnIP..tad.~. OUIcI!an, 
_ .... , Il00, cal 558-7370, (!!(.Il.eJ2) 
FOR SALE: 2 E-aIe 11K - I1Ii __ CelI42-
7580. (lll31.fr'l) 

,., Y ........ FINe Jog .... Kryponh IodI _ 
_ ............ 1400 olio. Cal 517-0lI30. (51 
31.e12) 

FAEECHEE8ECAI<EII.......-~"CaprI" 
12-epMd 1110. IrnIigewIbr II 110 Of muaI-.... 
_1154-0'41'-'3183.) ~I.fI2) 
toIOTOACYClE FOR SALEI 1lIII0 _ c)(soo, 
In,-__ . only 18OO.c..270.3425. (!!(.II-
812) 

FOR8ALE: ~pIIIDnII __ . 

baNIy .- - ... _I Tena"'-" __ . 
.... _ • ......-. __ 1 1500_-
_ to< 1210 _ a... 0IIerI552-11312. (112) 

• ,.... e-. Run. QIM1. IIOO.OO/Ve!y 
....-. _8144 (11/2) , 
Buy my MCAT_ - no rill< ~_. 
_18DO.00 WllNi to<~, __ 
7520, (812) 
DE8KAND CHAIR -__ wttIi malc:lilng 
c:Iiaif In good condition . 130.00 10' both, c •• 
T .... my .. (8111) 530-1.,3 .. d I .... e a .....aage 
(812) 
I. Ford _ AImaaI IIrond _ , e.oOO 
_ . WhIle S3.ooo C!!II22.'O. 

IIad Il10-00; largo ..... _ ......-.'" .... 
_OO . ........ ~ ....... 01_ 
... 4111-37111 (112) 

T .......... loo .... Ueedllialn", __ ; 
~ "',00 call5IO-el33 ChIy, (1/2) 
Fe __ 2 yNNoId): _1IIcI .... frMM 180; 
111 oI-.ct.1IO: ~ 1aIIII_ -140: 

_~ .... a7l-7131 fII2) 

...,.._. 10apead, ..... ...,.., •• 1I, __ 7S311 
fII2) 
MurI-r _ ......... far .... Only IlOIlO 
...... a..eor-I C!!II22-1I71 1M) 

IIIOX/IIonIIz ~ 110 "D. 4RAM. 
.......... IUIo ....... -.VOA ... 
lID ......... t7OIMe_ CaaIo "·7700 o..,Itk: 
-"-""':4.1" wwtv ....... ..,... 
caI!MIr Glnl.""" 
1IaIiCad ...... ,0.1irond _ ............... 
.,..·7041 tMI 

WORLDCUf'lIIIoIa ......... LA~II ....... 
~ 411110 ..... Cal DuIiIIiIa 4IJ.lI7I (1121 

---------, r--------

ALL UCSD STUDENTS-
If you buy one GUrtar Pounder. • ....c1R 
the 8BCOnd will be 8 GU""-~ fR£E~R 

"'* 'flU' 1ocII ••••• d .. •• ~ 
4280 Nobel Dr. in ~ Yarde c.. ~ MIr&...-..................... . 
----------------------~ 

Tbureday, June 2,1994 

2 TIcIl-. ID 8M -. KnaII' • • ond ~ 
... ' C!!I ,*1145, !!t'2l 
......... - ... : daybed ..",.,.,...,.. I _ 
1aIIII-"lOabo. DrIIIIlng ...... --. __ 
.... -"7G'Dbc. Cal5IO-t133. 1'12) 
Reliable m_ .... huge. _ ...... 135. 
~ ....... -...-....... - . 
_ ,,.. __ ,21W21 

F .. !We: ~ bednIom 111 (IMd<) _ 
U ......... IieadboMI • ..-_ ....... 
ond2,JgI_idl(llleMW!. _ . __ _ 
_ rnoId>Ing"""""", E~ far 145011 
oao Cal NImI. 272-11174. (812) 

One ...... (_ . ...... ) grM1 condMion -
__ . """' .... ,00. __ 272-11174 
(&'2) 

Druma lor _ - S pc."""""" _ ...... All 
-.. ~ __ • Il00. abc. 0... 11M- , 
7S2O (11/2) 

FORSAI£: -.coronal*WDftlll-..-or. 
berwIy'- - •• '-1 Tona "'-.I .......... -Ierge _. _~. WId more! aeoo _ -
_lor CIllO oboI GruI 0IWt 552.-312. 4M) 
MUII_ F .. -.... bed (_ n_), l.b 
_. S50, "'-- eoII822-_ . (11/2) 

II!D. QUEIN lIZ! IIEIl'OMC IlATTROa. wood 
...... -..... DId -..... "!IOiaboc.. 4II-eI57 M) 

IIOWICIIAL!: F ...... 1uian '70. 21' x. r • 28' 
...,... _ leo. 18' albic rIIIIgw8Icr 110. 
3lTrIIJJJ' -.g _ 520. _ kMo _ " F .... 
Cal linda _ 558-8731 . (&'2) 

K.ybce,d - FENDIII AHODE. IUITCASE 
MODEL, • Spe.II_. Paid ' 1200. AIIdng MOO. 

~(&12) 

"HOMDAEUTIIDICOOTER. 'Mih. IrigrMI 
condIIIon, Eccncmlcal . PMIng--'FIM, 
.....-2~. MOO, 587-1170. (11/2) 

IUaNTOIH ~ 11OC. 8/110_ 
......... SIy1ewtt1erM~. Undef-....oy. I32II1 . 
-""71. (11/2) 

~1IAT1M"l.bMWS40. _ ............. 
110. !5117-1170. (1/2) 

DESK FOR IALI In good ooncIiiiDn. 3 *-"'1 
lop _ , "0. !5II7-1170, IW2I 

I'IITOIII. FUU.IIZE, IRANI) NEW IlATTERIII 
FRAME ,,35 caII_~ <An _ (11/2) 

I. CAVAUIJI WAGON~, 8moggecV 
~.""_. F"_and'" 
",--.'IOGtIeII. 457-1014. _IBM ...... 
40 MB HI), Cdar ononao.. _ . _ .... 
.......1220. 4M) 
In_LYE BOOIICAIE _0' 25.701n ,,5, 
"-_ S56 abo. Bolli In good _ 
CaI_ 562-1111 (11/2) 

• 
,v,u~I-"!IO. ClIwaIcondMion. 
l....-orIgIiwIpacIoagIng-. .......... __ 
_qualliyp: _far_, CaI_tJ77-{1747 
or .......... "".;ocacI .... (11/2) 
.....-rt ~A CAllIIIEAK!RII pl. r4'. 1 
pro • I/'¥ "-leI 14IO.111k1ng 1210 cal 91we 1156-
23!!0. (11/2) 

VWolETTA 'lD4dr. 5epd. SInooI. _......-.. 
... whhpM'llSI21O.~"""_wI _ 
o. 8ean IIII-82Q2 19. 783-01123 home. (11/2) 

FUTON·FUU.IIZI .......... I_. Brond 
...... "311.00. CAlI II!UYER. -_ (1112) 
~ TA8I..I. ClIwaI CondIIon. __ 4 
rnaIdiIng _ _ ..... -.!y, 110, 117-1870 (8/2) 

IIICINQIOOTI. Top quaIIiy MoIobo*, _'3. 
Brond _. and h boa. A ..... "'.00 . ..... 
prIoe II ,,10.00. _ 417-1137 (1121 
.. FORD E8CORT "-we-. -.g MOOfVeIY 
........... __ 1144. 

I!IIII!I MIl w/DunIap ..... ~ _1210 abo. 
Cal Henry 271-7071. Leave-.1III2) 

1101 ~I '( , 
_euaer-""'anyIIme __ 1O 
117_ Own _ (r _ h a IIR condo), _ In 
_ ........ ,.. puIdrig. .... cIoII1. .... 1O 
UCID. UTe. -.n. .......... _I3IIIfmo . • 113 .. 

_. 112 OFF IST..:IN1MI CAlL ..,., .. a.y. 457· , 
11461. (1121 

wAIftU~-..nM-._w/ 
.... IIaIiroun. IUmIEIieCI ........ PIJ. W/O. 
.... ........ _Vona. __ .... 2 guya . .... 
...... ...... ,_ ........ _ ..... ,2. 
00IIII48N4II. 1M) 

-.IIDOIIAVMAIUI8/I .. IlIn ........ 
........ ~W'O.I'IJ.-.8I'I9I. 
..., ............ Vonal ...... CalUMlIomy 
111 __ . "'" 

FAT_~JllClllIIINT -t-7 ....... 1 
........ , _ _ I-.pooI ...... 2...",........ .,. 
......-.O'-_ ............ ,1DOft1n1h. 
",....... ...... 4117 .... ,..., 

_.....-r ............. ,S. u.w.r.I1y 
CIy.Own_.W/O.~,..,. 
1117.aD. .... , 11/1) 
-..r .... ,......,., '" h ___ h 
NuIo,... ....... ~ ..... _ 

W.una: I'un,' '" ... _ .... 10 eM/JI 
.... .......... ....,.hUTe ... ,..oId ..... . 
.... o.na .... __ ........... .... 
............. ,. ................ ""... 
... " ...... , ... ., . .-... ........... .. 
.......... 

for ("t 11 nl0t. V\.lIrt ,HHI 
( r •• '\ \ l.l ... ·~lflt·(I". ~)ltl.I'-..· 

tllrn to pelr!' If) 

.. 



, 0' 

) , 

.. ..... 

16CLASSmEDS 

IIDa. AV~ .... __ .,_ 
................... Ro. .... ...-y.1 
-goM8I. .. ~ ........ ~.-
_ IIId .....-. • ~ c*I .... 711-
1417. lUI 

LA JOU.A COLOIIY: o.n ~. ~ 
mo . • 1/3 __ ....... , ....... raHIIIIiker 
...--.....o.c. 1 ..... CooI-.4181 . • 

TWO SUNNY "NGLI 110"00II' .vailMie 
In • huge lou. _._Iownllom. vary Cl_ 
Io ... 1 UCSO campv. wlown • .,.. h20.00 
•• cto. Avallabl. mId·Jun. 1<' and 01 Augual . 
WuherlClryarl All .... an.leal Call 5*-UII 
or ~-OIIII. (1/2) 

..... 1UaIT·June 1().8epI. l"I!IIh. S400 
IncI ...... ..... _,...,.. _ pallo wi 
c::MyCiIi _ . H~ ....... 574-41847. (tn) 

'-"1Ua.ET-.-urc.-.-.. 
$24&\'no. lingle room, 11l1li x2 .- toadroom. 
14_8(15. -..,... IIWJ 
su.ElllUIILETI: One __ (S3ltV 
mo.) IIId June 12 (S3O()mo.) InduCIII ...-y. 
Fumiahad • CIaIIIaCI. aoaelo UCSO. CooI_. 
--. (&'2) 
IIDa. .. A HOUa...--1n CIanrnarL (loll 
Fl. S24Q'monIh. ow.. 4D-41011 or 511-1052 

(~I· (Io'2) 

lWO-.uAV~InUTeUuy_. 
10"*,. bMrtalOUC80. SllaNIIIbOom."........ 
........ Man 01<. gnga. WID. pool, jacuzzl. 
tamII. ,....... 137Mno . • cIIpoIIt. Cool Laa 
455-a!13. !Ill! 

2 'UMMI" "ooMU TI. WANTID (IIIF) 10 
ahara ....... , bed,oom w/own b.lh new UTC. 
UCSD. Include. waah.',dry .... pool. J,cuzzi. 
gym ... cu,.d p.,klng. Non·.mok ... . 
Ay.lI.bl. mld·Jun. Ih.ough S.pl.mb •• 
(".xlbl.). $320/mo. _ pIue 1/3 UI"" .... 
Call Alicia or Lynn 551·I20Il. 11/2) 
AUQUIT.....". ___ to_ 

huge"'-' --. t-..yClv·I275· 
-.122·1_. CI/l!) 
IIHlIID: UTe APAllTlmlTllATI bagInnIng II 
IS. ~, WID. lingle S33IIrmo. Cool JlAlaIMlMOO2 
"'--...0. l1l/2I 
...... ...,.. ..... HOWI,300,.. 
...... _ . June 11-8opt. 1. 5III-CICa ~ 
115OQmo. abo. CIJ2) 
LIW .. STYLE fDf .. -' Two _ 
_ .Ona __ baII. ..... 11 ....... 
"' .... S3IO. Oller ................ ·1120. 
Call Dave l187-OoMl/W4-OIlo. !Ill! 
COIIDO .... IIINT. 3 or 4 _ '11110 par 
_."10 UCSO. 587·12211. CI/l!) 

IIDa. .... _ a71. 7/t4 10 ..... 5 min. .... 
10 _ . CaII-'2318. Itn) 

.-JI1Ua.ET: rnIchIuna · Aug. 31, 1amIIa • • 
_ , -. room .,..., & ball .I3l10. Two·_ 
room & ...... '170. NO DEPOSIT. CooI_ far 
....... Info. 457~72 -1INnda. (10'2) 
OWN _DIIOOII .. HOIII w/IarnIr; pool. tame; 
5 min. WrI«lo UCSO; _ . 8opt. 1; 137Mno. Incl. 
uti. 455-l1lI78. (&'2) 

W.nlad: I.mlll.lo 'ant Pr"',', ,oom In I.,ge 
Unlve"Ky City hou ••. Summar .ubI.1 with 
option 10 ,.n.w I ..... Ol.hw .. h.,. y •• d • 
I.ndry, II"'''.' .330lmo. Andl o. J.nny 552· 
1111. (8/2) 

IHAlllIIOOII .. PII/U HOUR w/3 woman, 2 
man. ___ from baacIo, jacuzzl. pooI.~. 
ywd. -. baIhroomw/UunL A.,.,. tnl lot/II. 
you pay only July &Aug. S3OO. ErIc .411-3215. (eI 
2) 

lIT au.lERlUIION 1lEllTAL. ..... ""'"' In Bay....,,_. _ .I2IIO_.clilla...o271-
5lI0II . ...;.(&'2).....:.. _________ _ 

.-..Il00II .. HLLCMSTI ~. 1Ieg. 71 
1. 2-.to_UCSO ..... ,"-• .-. __ 
.moldng l ... aI. pr .... ,ed. Friendly lernlnlat 

-~. 213-3237. CIJ2) 

~TI ......... 4 ...... ,'baII 
.... 111 ....... o-_W~. __ 
_ .................. ID ...... oIIIMIIobIe 
rnIchIuna ID IIId III Jill. _ • 114 ..... abo. 
...... c*l111-171-4110. l1/li 

...... 1&&m0N0_ ... 1D ..... . UTe .......... ___ ............... ~ 
CIIyer ....................... , ........ • 11 
3 IAI. Cool...., 487-61111 . l1l/2I 

~TII.MTID .... _2 ....... 
...--. ... 8I3D. aoae 10 ...... FuII\t 
IoadaCII ..... III ~ ........ CooIIar 11*1 . ...... 452· 
I7!11.Itn) 
..... ""'.1-bMII. 1.5 __ .-
UTCIUCSO. June I~. 31 . Pool, _!do,. . 
l100tVm0. 1187·_. (ell) 
UTCILAJOLL.A.3 ... _ ....... JuneI~ 
Aug.31....,banagol """' ....... !doJW.1333.. 
mo . .... 10"*,bIIe ... UCSO. 8I7·_ . (&'2) 

IEED A IIOOIIIIA~ D.~. 1liiy looking Iar. 
pIaca Iar F .. I ..... CaII ... ,I • . (ell) 
IIALE ..ooMIIATi IIUDID 10 _ huge 
......... _ In -0. 2 -. .. 2.1 ball 
_ .- UC8O. """'. tamII. jaouuI. 
gnga . ......... A ........ 8(11-.., • • I2IDmonIII 

~..,..-, • 1/3 udIIaa. CaII_ 4III-OIeII. (eI 
2) 
..... ...,. AVM.. 8(1 ............ ... 
__ .3bohI.l.Ilba11 . ............ ~ 
CIIyer. _ UCSO. UTe. ,.opoat. ..... l .... 
1114QW1o. CooI41CH113. CIIII 
.... IALE: ConCID .,.." a Ir, a 8. leU _ 
pMtlng. "'UC80. '1401l1111144N441.1tn) 

, 

SUMMI" HOUMUTI.AIITID. Very cIoH 
10 campual (011 Tor • ., ........ 1 A .... 111 1. own 
room. S341/1no . .. o. F. CaIII4t·OII3. AIIIeon. 
11/2) 
LOW IIIIIT~ · __ lID. --.. F. no Pf!I/ 
amoIIa. 1'OIIIIaundry. 111).1111 xa1413. (MIl 

IIOOIIIIATIIWMID .... _2 ....... 
-..... aao .1IIO . ..... JAtt 1 ... aoaeto 
........ FulyloadaCll ... "" ....... Call1arli*l. 
__ -1781. CI/l!) 

LOCIICIIIG .... ~ft_oo. __ . 
... UTe. QuIll .... 0001 pIaaa far...-. 41(). 
ll111D. • 

THIIEE I'&IAI..E ~TES ........ .... 
~Qy ........... Junel ... ~ 
13:11 par ....... _ 114 ...... QlIII. tIanoIy 
....... ".11. Cool .... -. __ OM! _ 
- . (4I2MII) 

a.-..1UbIIl2 ...... 113DD .... , IIId 1 cbloIa 
11210 par ....-.I 1.' ball. -..,., .-
aupamwkellIId buIIN. 1/4 1AIIy. Cool AIc*y .. 
_.(JIIII . CM.fI2) 
3 becnwn __ .....- I, .-
UTC, UCSO. 1,, _____ CooI_7112.e453. (5/ 
M?! 

~_-*CI: OM! ~ S4OCl' 
mo., no clap. or _ . Cool -.. • 45).3782 
t-*9). (5/1H12) 

~...,.,. ~ TO SHAfI! 4 br, 2.5_, 
-.........,....,-.......,paIIo.-& 

~. 2_.I3110 ........ mo.-.-. 
(5/1H12) 

~-. ....... baII ...... _.~ 
UCSD, I3l10. 114 _ . _711.CooI 450-
t330 or _tIOt. (5/1a.en) 
FAU UTIlITIES! Fu_ 2 ~ 
c:onCIo only M8Mn0. CIaIn mont ... , .. oeolyeMy. 
awta 272-1751. _ ~. (5/IHI2) 
Two ....... nMCleCllO _ CIcUIIe _ .-
UTCIar "",,"*.I2OOfpeIRI. «13-7111. (5/1H1 
2) 

SU .... ER SUILET . l"ge. aIngt • . Fumlahed 
,oom. N ... achool. .hopplne, bu. ,oul • . 
Avall_ June l1-8apI. II. Vou.,.y only 10, 
July and J4uGua1I $370 pIuIl/. uI"" .... Call 
JuC'n 548·1017. (5/11·112) 

HaICIl-a_fDf ............ ...,-. 
111&'11. QoaeID .......... w.ynlDe. Yau~ 
..... III IIIr. ___ .... June. JAtt .. __ 
_awtt ...... IWtHIII 
LaJollaCatonr. ~_ ...... LaIga_ 
a...-1OI1IIiIII. 0uIII. ......... I~ UII. __ 
1770.1Wt....., 
__ ..... ~..,to_ 

_a...-Ru.., ... I ........ 3 
tIanoIy IIId _oaIdooo. IamIIa ....... ... 
urc .......... JWIIId ............ UIO. 1/4 
.......... JIIotIIJAit. Cool 587-4787. ,.. Iar 
JInIIf. (5/1M?! 
OWN VOUftOWHHOME-UCIO ... IIId ..... 
DI8COUHT1I. ONII.,.,... "'UCSO. 1,2_ 
1111O.ODDM & 3M '111O.0DDt. Condoa 10 u.., 
tar. _vlngLa ....... UnIw. Qy ........... 0.1 
......... Bdl. a.-ot. HaICI .. IELl._ 
...... 11 VEAA8 ElCPERIEHCE .... cIoI REMIiIl 
_ .MItt HadCIcI<. ........ 111-275-2111. (5/ 
2M2I 
....... ....,... I111Qfmo. 4Ior, 3ba._ 
a.yIICIoI MIllIon IIeacIt .-c- HoIII. 
-,-.271-.,1. ~ 

SUMMER 1k&ET. 0.-...-.1133.33. 
_..,..pMoIIIg..-IM,UTe.CoIIIaVeftla. _,_. CII/ZHII) 

o.nroamlnqulalUTe-.......far.-..... 
...................... &'12. 1300.1/3 ...... 
GN3111. \II!'D!2! 
HOUSE FOR RENT14 ...... &1 ......... 
~_ ... LVery ____ . 

0nIJ1Gm111a. .... UC80.aoaelO ....... _. 
IMl pMt. ...... c*I lI4II-4II0II ..... ~ 
271 .... ....., 

.... roam .... ~ 1n..".,.1ar ....... 1&,o 
old bor. CerIabed _ 431 .. 71. CII/23-II2I 
___ Ceal_lllcooI .... 

• ...... .... IIID. ..... 8(1 . Pll.1II-43OII. III 
...." 

1UlMER8UIILET: ...... ..-.-... ..--
In I toadroom c:onCIo. WIOII ....... pool. .- to 
UTeIlld..-......... I4IIQ" ..... eor_ 
................ ).1/3 ............... ... 
ll1lar_ ..... ...,. Cool a......K8Nn .. 
1181442. II/IM'II 
FOR IUMMEIt 0uIII. eow;e: ........... _ 
............. IO .... _R ... Irr. 
CUTC) IIIdnft. ....... 111l1li- """711) .. 
iIIII. .114U11. T:.r4l().31 ............. (5/ 
...." 

Aoae,_WoroIad. T_ ....... _ .... 
..... oIIIMIIobIe......,.,... "'UTe. Cool .. 
1122. CII/lIMI2I 
... - UTe "'- enId-Juna 10 .......-r. _ 
_. SI2I • 1/3 ... 417-e711. CII/lIHI2I 
..." HeMe: TIwa _ ..... an AuguIiIl : 
....." ~. bIIGwty ....... IIIIIt .... 
Ollar _ "-CI1IIIIt 13I!O.1CIINn • ...-y. 
_ti .............. 3c1w ....... l 
....... __ 2 mIaI .......... --.1 
................ _1Iop. ONII far 810. La Jolla 
........ _._. nopllll. 511 .... twae/2) 

La Jolla T_, .-U VIIoga aq... . 3 
-. 2.11 ball. pool. jacuzzl. ....... ,...,.. 2· 
_gnga. '13OtVtno. NIna 712....,.~ 

~ ..... Iar """"* .- 11M v-I. 
o.n ""'"' III • 38CIem _ C\ITC). 2 min. to 1M 
...... .,15 ... _JAttI •. __ ._ 
1187-lIII0. IMN<'2I 
La JoIa Cdoriy . ..... bado-. '" 3 _ 
_. _""'-1 or 15. TwoIO_ 
~. Or$ll8Ofar ... _~). 
~,...-tng. -~.-y. CI/l!) 

4 _...--June30. vary--. an 
..-• .-V .... 11~. can..487· 
4110. CIIII 
SU .... ER SUILET • UTC .... , .. ASTER 
IIEDAOOM ..... c-I.~. aao. 
1/3 uti .• _ . 8(1().f131 , IamIIa pr.IarNd. 822· 
0178 CI/l!) 

r--------, -
I Flurry I' 
I 1 

$199 .... ,.! 
IIIIIIIet iI,...... Ha& ...... 1iIf aItor allier. 1 

OIl fiW fIIIWII. ~ 7/11114 1 
--------, Medium Frozen 1 
Yogurt:: 
SSC ... 01.! 

1 ..... O ............. _-..T ........ 1 
__ NoiI ...... lilfaltor .... . 

1 011 ........... !Jfha 7/11114 1 
--.--------~ 
:Smoothie: 
1$199 : 
1 ......... 1 
1 1 

..... 0 ................... 1iIf 1 
aItor..... ... 7/11114 \. ________ .1 

,....... _ IMIIIIIIro fDf _ . ~ 
_R4-..- ....... IDUTC. eo. 
v..II ................ ......,.-. ....... IM • 
... , .......... --.Il007II.,, 
aw- ........ 0lIl_1114 ............. . 
~~ •• ntlllaflOm ..... I27O.,_ 
na-.. .... _~. CooIJoaIo ... -CI1I7", 

1ooD.~· 1UI 
...... IuIoIIII. I .... .- _ IIId c:.::opua. 
.............. e/2O. 487'- (&II) 

a.-.. aubIIoI, I ... Iar .... III ..... e...h 
-.ely ___ ..... lI0II •• _. no ..... 
......... $317.110 ...... par""",-" 
June I"" 15. Cool 0... 27041157. (ell) 
SUMMER IKa.ET • w.y _ UCIO. OMI _. 
................... 8(11~1.133MIIo .• c*I~ 
1511. • 

a.-..1UbIIt Onaor_alngla_ ......... 
June 12 ..... AuguIiI. 0nIJ PIlI' - ""'""" ..... 
BIg"" III t-..yClv. Cool pIaca. Cool •• 
....,017. CIJ2) 
AOOM FOR RENT. La ....... 1II2becnwnUb* 
-"""'oIIG1ma1. WID. 2_gnga, 2 ..... l'iioi. ... tamII _ I:J7II _ mo. 
ecnm MtOIo ... 534-8111. _ 4S1171. fII 
II 
Twolamlla.- _ &'lIto ~8epI. 
.... _ becnwn ...... _ . La IIagancIa 
....... WaII·Mtor~_12IMnon1:.11 
4 ...... a:M2IIl A8N'. CIJ2) 
Own 11lOIII IiIICI ... i UC80 _ BIg ClIHn 
.....-. .... IUIdry . ..,. 112 ... ~ • 
_iIiICIao ........ tIanoIy . ..... JAtt 1 .. Call 
....... ASM''' 587·100II (&II) 

... Aew,0MIw-. ................. Aug. 0nIJ 
131!0. 8Il-ot13. (&II) 

TAICE I/f'( ROOM I'LEAIEI IMga ..... OMI 
_ pooI. ... WID. 8(11.."" .., ....... 

~-
FOR MNT: IaWaIIIy Qy ........ Cc:ncIoa: So 
-.2 ........ 'm. .,.CMoIIIoc.na;aI 
.....-.- Jill ......... fill) 
...... __ wIIIIIIue_IL oIIIMIIobIe8(111 
..... 1. $3II.CIIMnc:nII_II4 ...... '"""'-
.... 7ZIO. fill) 
_--..rIlellalFlllleMWlilll ....... 1O 
1/7.0lIl ___ R I .. -..111 ...... 111 
_........,.,. ~ .... CIIDIII. ... ID 
UCIO.un:. ............... -.... I ... 
• '11 OFF ,IT MONnf CALL .... .,....,. 4117· 
I0Il1. (&II) 

WANTID_....-n-.-'*'-n"" 
.... ---. bnIIIieCI ...... PIJ. WID. 
........... _ van.. .... will 2 .... ".., 
........ --.. ....... , ....... Junell. 
awtt ....... . 

__ IIDa.AVMAaII&'I~5I11baUIU 
Laa ...... eompa..w.tI.PIJ .................. . 
onIylllllomo. ... V ... &_ ....... Col u.Amy 
1117 .... !Ill! . 

'AT_ *"-.... MNT • 1-7 peopIa. S 
.........,C1cU11e.' ..... paoI. ...... 2....-.., 
......-.O'-IIIdO""-.• ,~. 
............ June 417-4l1li. (I0'Il 
_...,. ....... .-.. 13. t-..y 
Qy.o.n_W~.~ywCI. 
1137.110. --lUI 
....,. oIULY/AUOUIT: 1M In 2IIR ,*-In 
........... I4Oc:vnL DMI. 331-1182. Itn) 
WAIfTID: ,.., ......... _.a. 1o...tIAI 
.......... u.., .... In UTCwI2lI.". oIdpeol. fan. o.t:w .... _____ OII1iIIII ..... -In 
CIIDIII. -.,.,.1IIfIiOI. CIILa'--""". 
.... IIIJune, ' .. OIJAtt. AbouII4IIO. EvaIInQa .... 
287.e743. (IMI) 

IIDa. AV~ .... a-.. or ....... 
.... ... .-. Huge_In 0' .... 1aunIiy. 3 
_gnga. big ~ 1iIICI .... 1ocIIIcn·_ 
_ IIId buIIIna • ~ c*I .... 7112· 
14'7. 11WJ 

'I'Iauwday. Jaae 2. 1994 

LA.IOU.A COLOIIY: o... ... cw .... lID 
-. + 1 ............ ' ....... lI0II .... 
w. .... .-..o.. , ... CII..., • ..., 
TWO...v ___ DMl ....... ~ • 
huge'" '*'-n ___ w.y ... ID_ 
UCBDc:.::opua ......... _IID ..... ,......... 
~ID ...... ,......~,. 
.......... Cool ........ ' or",1'-. 

a-.....,., June INapt. 1"".14DD 
1ncI ................. !do,.. MMIa""", wi 
..,... ..... ~ ... 574-41847. !Ill! 

_--.n·_UTC.""*-. ...... I24IoW:o. .... _ '1l1li x2 _ ~ 
AIIIIMIIIe 8(15. "''''.Itn) 
_..un: O" ....... _II31Q11no.) 
IIIdJune II~ ........ Fuenllwdl 
dIIIeoId. aoaetoUClO. Cool ........... (M) 

ROOM .. AItOUII ........... In~. (IN 
fI, 124Qmonf:. DIane 4D-41OS '" 1111-3052 
c-.). CI/l!) 
lWO ........ AVALULI III UTe Iuxuiy __ • 
10mln.bIoartalllUClO. SIIaN--'''-
~. Man 01<. ....... WID. pool. )eaIZZI. 
IImIa. ......... a7SIWIO • • CIapoaIL Cool Lee 
4111H111113. CI/l!) 

....... lIOOMIIAftSWANYID.., ....... 
_ ~ ...... 1IIFh.- UTe, UCSO. 
",,*,,*_fdoJW. pool ................ 
parIdnQ. ........ , ..... AIIIIIIiIa~ ...... 
.....-...... ),I32Qtno. .... ptull/3 ..... 
Cool MIla ., Lvnn ...... l1l/2I 

~NE MMH: ...... _to .... 
huge ...... _ ..... ~~.II7S. 
_ .122·1_. CIJ2) 

..aeD: UTe APNmEmlATI beginning" 
11. MIF. WID ............ CooI ..... 5INOCIIiI 
Of AnnIi......a. CIJ2) 
_ . ...,.. .... ..,.,.,-,.. 
........... June, ........ 1. ~Kara 
., ... -.., 
I..M • n'ILR _lor .. --' Two _ 
.......... 0na_0MI ............. ...... 
'" aIngIa 1310. Oller aIngIa 1IId .... _. S32O. 
Cool O"'II7-OoMl.~'O' filii 
CONDO .... ..".1 .. 4 _ .11110 .... 
iIIIIiIIh. "'IOUCBD. II7·I • . fill) 

MXIIIPGR.." ... 7/t41D .... 1I"*' . .-
....... CII ___ _ 

_--..r: enId-Juna·Aug.ll ....... . 
_ OMI_"'" , .... 1300. Two· .... 
_ , _ • '170. NO DEJiOIIT. Call _Iar 
....... 11*1. 417.QPP2 - ..... (ell) 

OWN _l1li ...... tIfIrInIr. pooI.lIiII*: 
5:n111. WI:IIt ID UC8D: .,. 8opt. I: II7Mno. _ 
UII. 4II-1I7I. !Ill! • 

PROTECT 
YOURSELF 

Insurance for: 
• Autos 
• Rent ers 
* Homeowners 
* Health 

Free 0"u1L, 'ClJrl1ilelllllc R,l!es 
GOud 51u,:"111 " ,LOU III, 

Farr:s I",ui.mce Aqency 
·l3S0 Ext!cull,r: 0, =200 

1111 Inc UCSD ,uP,n 

453-LIFE (5433) 

Areas Lorgeg Selection of Loose Diamonds 
18 K .. UK llillia OfIic;.JAgat of 
GOLD Oft SALE SWISS ARMY WI'" 

• 

, n ..... ~ SeIIcI wldlCIIIIpI.-..... .,. .... _CIa .... 
. .., ............ pIOridI,. ....... .mc.. 

Buy - SeD - Generous Trade-iDs 
MORADI 597-0800 
FINE JEWELERS 

87J0a-A .... 1M • l .... c.... V"'.w*c C ... 
-------~--------T-------FREEJIWIlAY I '3" WATCH I .!!!!., 
--.. AI'fIAIIAL I ."-1 " .. n __ • 
_-. III"U a__ M _-'-NDIr. 

-------~--------~-~~~~-

.,.,. ....... IO_P'fIYAl£_III ..... 

--~'-""'."""""'­aptian ID _ ..... 1IIIIIioowt ........ ....,. 
...... 1aIIn:o. AMI .. ...., ....,,.. CIJ2) 
1HAlll1IDa. .. ......,..,.,. wl3 _. 2 
:nan._ ...... ...", .... pooI.~. 
YMI. - '-"'-........... 1I'J11D 11'11. 
,au...,...., July lAug.13Oo. ErIc ...... 1 • . fII 
2) 

11ae ucsn GaarcU.a 

• wo.. AIID A CAT IoaIdng far ... __ 
~ ..... _ . We_ID""-1II 
ilia Pa:IIc IIeac:M.a Jolla _ P'--a ...... 

~: -..nI. CIJ2) 

lENIN TO FL VII 8pacIaI UC80 __ . 
~ 135 ... ~ O. CooIeeo. 
8OI4. lai124'2) FOUND: WATCH. BESIDE WARREN EHGIHEEAIHG BlDG. LOST IV WOMAN ON 

lICE CALl TO IQENTFY. 9 elf WlHlZl ~ IIOCIII .. IILLCIIQTI ......... 7/ 
I. 2I11DcDto .... UCIO .............. .-. __ Won! pr= : •• og/ado ... _IptIor .. ~. 
.moking,.".... ~. Friendly ~I 
houaII:oId. ....... 2tW237. CIJ2) 

"'-""'-. Very ...... a..... • _ & Fot.ftCI jIMIipOII: CIoarIee Alan Cuba. Slop !IV 
0uanIan _ , .... Iar Bob orclill534-_.1U1 

IIOOMIIATI WMftD to __ 4 beCIrm., 3_ 
...... "' .......... o.n 11l0III. WID. yerCI._ 
__ 1IId--..ntll'la.IO-.,..AvIIabIa 
enId-Juna 10 anCI 01 JAtt .... 114 ..... abo. 
P'--a cIiII"~57Ull0. (ell) 

IIOOIIIIATII WNnID fOIl ..... 2 atv-
........... I33O.a-to ........ ~1oadaCII 
..... «~. Col ... Info. PaAe: _.f758. (MIl 
.-JI1UaIT. 3-bdom. 1.5 _ c:onCIo_ 
UTCNCSD. June IS-Aug. 31. """', _,...,. . 
I1DDC:Viroo. 517·2858. 11/2) 
urc.u JOU..A. 3 .... _Ii'III*eJune 15-
Aug . 31maybanagcl.PooI.~.I333.331 
_ . each IOmln_IoUCSO. 587.2eeI. (Io'2) 

... m A IIOOIIIIIATE'I ~ ""*Ing far. 
place Iar F .. 1_. CoolS3&-' 138. !!'2l 

MALE IIOOIIIIATI _BlED 10 ..... huge 
IurnIahed bacIroo:n In liege 2 bcIrm.. 2.5 _ 
--... UCSO.PuoI.tamII,)aaIzz!.gnga, 
........ ,..,.....8(1~ • . I25QI ....... CnagatiIIJIa) 
• 1/3 ....... Call HornI~. Itn) 

-.. Itan' AVAIL 8(15/l1li ......... .. 
-_._,1.5 .... ....-.. ........ , 
CIryor. .- ucso. UTe. w/pooI. ..... & quIIiI. 
1114QW1o. Cool 45G-4IIII3. Itn) 

FOR IALE: Cando ........ 2 Br. 2 I, ... _ 

boc* puIoIcIOIIc:n ~ 221.(XQO. (5IlI:H,'2) 
MCMHO'I n ..... .-~ ...... 
wau - out. Cool HaIoI. 4I4-fI3Oa. CII2:HI2) 

\\\\I L I) 
EARN CASH OR MOVIE TICF<ETS FOR 
RESEAACH PARTlCIPATlONI [lIgll ..... IIiI .. ing 
...... man ...tadlar PlIO IiIUCIy ~ payc/IaIogy. 
.......... 45 rnn... Hefp_IInIIh~ 
adtooII Cool c-.. -.. 527-0"8. (s.'24'2) 

EARN lIOO.IID. ~ WW1IoId Iar • otudv on 
iIIcaIIcoI' ...... . wau_.~. c:I*-, or 
Kor.-., A:neo1caHlommala, c*lSoWo '*-ch 
......... "" ....... InIonnoIIon. 554-7240. 14114-«.'2) 
.,... PLAV!Jt _ . .-, 1unIIy. but 
....... No .",._ poniM, keybcN:rd • pIua. Laa 
825-0lI01 . (tI2) 
PI.!AII_ .... nil. _ • maak Iar the 
......t IOmbarIy __ ' . !!'2l 

..,.... lW1 YIAIIII . ...tad Iar to minute 
CIIcIIIon making otudv. Paya '10. Cool 214-7414. 
(&'2) 

I'IIU IIOOIWONID FoR WOIIAII '" eodIonge 
paet-llme ~ 0NII1ar 1IudonI. t42.torl3. 
Itn) 

pertdng. "'UCSO. 114OK. (1111) 442-2443. (10'2) LAI'TOP COfoIPUTER. Mac "-toook 1458 or 
..... ,. ................. ""t ..... only. IUIIII!JI HOUIUIATI WAIfTID. Vary _ .. _ pte.e. 142-3757. 

'*"""" 101 Tonwy ""-) _ . 8(11. -. room. --__________ _ 
~. M or F. CaIII4I-GI53. -. !!'2l 

LOW IIIIIT o4ITC • " .00 • cIap.Ad .. F. no pari 
amoka. PoaIo1auncIry. 5110-1., XS1433. CI/l!) 

IIOOIIIIIATIIWMTID .... --..:2 ..... 
- . aao • 1330. StIllIng July , .. aoaelo 
...... FulyIDadadl ................ CooIfarll*l. 

~"""fIII) 

"'I J:"C I" 
YIiIIW'o'IaIrt ......... You .. ,.. .,.... .. 
...................... P, I ........ . 
..... ..,.. ................. .... :=.::= -_ CllCa:n::t 
MIlt 0... PIC'NfIDI 0.., IlIA ... wau 
------.... 1IMMI:a .. 
-C,..... 
.......... A..-...---.,..... 
................. is' ... ea ... ... 
,. -...... ..., ........ ... 

.IL 1_.011 ...... ' II" ..... 

... ItIII. ............... --...., 

CIFIMIw ..................... o-. 
",,""1 'I' ? ....... __ 
..... MIII .................... .... 
..................... CaIIIIaI, 
-"M1.-.., 

•. I ·- .... -_ ....... 111 .... 
I CItPA.1'IVE Curs 
I HAIR" NAILS 
: a.IItI ....... ' FF ..-: 

: 6780 ......... 1108 I 

LuQ;Qjjj 

Z WOMB! AND A CAT --.g Iar ... """" 
......... 1amIIa _ . we _ to w..., 
.. ..... ~JoIIa_ ...... _. 

~: "'728. fII2) 

THAI IJIiHGUI\QE TUTOR _ HIIIYa ThaI 
................. CII ....... .., 1 ... 
IWtHoll 

......, .......... 1.11141,.. .. _ 
"""""""--111. UCID ...... ca... 
......................... 0fI .. ....... 
.... 1IId an InIn _ Cot.. • , .. ba 
......... CII ..... IarRlalr:llc:n......, 

.,... PLAYa _ ........ ..., . .... 

.....HD--.. ..................... Laa 

....".-

"--1aItF .. __ .1iIiIiM1. ___ far .. 
~ ...... ...,." 

IHLONI 
2nd iiiLF7ftac. 

... __ .. ,~--_ ... 

POUISD: • CDe AND CAlI .. P.C. ~. &'23. 
Col JaIme 111187.0141 _1CIordy. (eI2) 

I''''B~O\ \I . ~ 
LIM. I met you 1IId.-1itand ~ In ~ 
-~. Had 0ar-tIlme_1 Iml«ry 1:niaMd 
you .. Ort.' •. I .... to".lIncontact. Ted Murphy 
• 714-721 · 1181 . (4/7.et2) 

LEIUE GARDNER· Congr .. , you _. atar1 Wo 
..... you! love. s.. & Shauna. (tn) 

IPI KAPPA PHIl 1~1~) 

carotine, 1hInga .. happening 10 lUI IIUIiI den1 
k.- whaI 10 do. From the lime we met, I knew 
ICiiiIIoIhing good - going to "-,, bull _ 
~ ... lhopayou _ regrII.IhIng-loat 
In P_. (5/Is.et2) 

TIna. 1_1 help ilia notioIlhoM baWifuI baby 
....... - _ilia room AI CM>o Mutphy' ..... 
__ .ICIon1,,**Ican ""onwilhoul,au. IMI . 
1112) 

LEILE CIAIIDHEJ1-Congr .. , YOU""'''' We 
..... youllowo, s.. & Shauna. (1112) 

Krtaay, ..... '- • ar-t --. I love you . .w,. 
11/21 
01 __ II ..... 8eInIaId. tI/2) 

Hi V. L..iI1ooo. Hope you had. nice __ . c.. 
I'- you h«ne __ ? Mr. I nIeI. (&'2) 

Happy 22nd bIrIhdooy, ICIrn _ l.ortI (eI2) 

THANKI 0........ _ far. GMAT lime .. 
--& far .. ilia fooCI, _ . IIIa"RIBS' (MIl 
01i Omega __ -vane good kd on IInaIa 
-'--C6'2) 
Th.nk. 10 •• good y ••• & hive • "AGINO 
.u",",,, T .. C·. ·0' building. 8 ... floor: ... n. 
J.y, Bono. E.lc. Ch ••• G.'II, Emilio , Scon. 
G •• ce. J.nn., C.ndac •• Eli ••• Cindy. Tin • • 
Wanda. VlCIIiy • . 5th: WIll. BrIan. Tien W. Fo, .. I. 
KIId:ana.lryan F. (w/ll .. I.CUI) . Tim W. (polo). 
".0 (w/lNlQet). Jocelyn. L .... J.nlce. SonI., 
AlII. CIIriatIne. Debbie. 4111 : ColI •• n, Nlm", 
R_ •• AguIrr .. ClwlnllTlnl 1I111.hh u.) , 
Lata. Ou ...... GIna, Joann •. lIlI, J.n .... , 
..... 1CItatIn Cmy 'olio. .ct, ... ), ".lInla, and 
Carle! (liard: I ... ball b·Clay around) . 3rC1 
tIoor: "- D .• Ourlo. Newman. Irian. Dan 
............ len (watch outJ. Sean. Peen • • 
JoaIt. D_. Aoe. Jon. Dalux IlS) ... lit., 
Hoang •• whet ... he do next Ev.n. T .... 
-'.gooCIlucII onnnala. "n""'.n.xtpar1y. 
V_ "". St.pIIM. (112) 

HAP'" ."ADUATION , CON."A": 
-..... .......... lime Z·...,. JuIa (1_1 
- ..... ''''10"" ..... ) &ow-., I._ IIIMFJIrII 10 R ••• arch·now I" .... 
........ wa ...... kd giggling ...... ancIior 
...., .• - • .".. DANCe PAIITV of bI . 
"- LAUOHINCI J .... lug HIIII...,. P .• . 
...... ~ DInner. 0aIcIng • _. _. "'" 
....... "0'" All 1PfII1I •• 1I1 (112) 
WMI1U WHI.E 'YOW WORKC. HI'IUR 188 A 
OJERIC. "1IICII .. IlTUCtI8WE1N1E, K-HOW 
IT 00EINf 1QUImI. 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

Ur.SD 
Pureh .. • .• · Orll .. r<., 

Accp p t"d 

7720 Fay Ave, 
459-7355 

CLASSInEDS 17 

1 I 
I I 
I I 
I can inhale I I I 
1 ALL THE I 1 I 
: SPAG~rn YOU WANT r 
1 FOR 5 -, including salad and garlic bread. 1 
: $5 COORS LIGHI' : 1 And to wash it all down, · PITCHERS I 
I 1 I No coupon ncccuary. JIIIt brios your student lD and say I want it. 1 
1 ANY DAI ••• ANY TIME. I 
1 I 
1 7741I1GINTS llD. 1M '. S1UIiIT FREE I 1 VONS SHOPPING U -,t IICGUIT DELIVERY I 
1 C£NT1il "'10. Dinlin onIJ. 546-7666 I 
L Mat ........ ....,. ---___ ......,:.-_( .. 10_-__ '_-__ -_,.;.,_.....11"" _____ .J 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Gurdiu TbancIa,. Joe 2. 19M 

1994 Spring Senior Salute 
'I 

--

-I"" I. I I I" I 
In what is quickly becoming tndition, the UCSD 

women's water polo team turned in its fifth USA 
Collegiate banner-bearing leason, capturing its 
fourth title in the last five years. 

Although slighted by tbe national selection com-
mittee with the nation's second-seeding, the Tri-
tons proved the merits of their stellar 23-2 regular-
season collegiate record by amassing an unblem-
isbed 5-0 record in the national title-determining 
tournament. Justice was served when UCSD slith-
ered by top-ranked Slippery Rock (AR), 6-5, to 
grab its fifth national title in Triton bistory. 

Down 3-1 in the second quarter, the Tritons 
stormed back to tie the contest at three going into 
halftime. Both squads exchanged goals in the third 
quarter of play to even the score, 5-5, heading into 
the final seven minutes. 

"[Head Coach Denny] Harper told us that the 
next time we were together as a team, we would be 
national champions," senior Allison Dunn said. 
"We were ail so pumped in the lineup. I just knew 
we were going to pull it out." 

Dunn was not disappointed when freshman 
Shawna Caballero's game-winning goal with 1:30 
to play sewed up the Tritons' national title run. 

"It doesn't get any better than that," Harper said. 
"I thought I was going to pass out. That was one of 
the most intense games I have ever heen involved 
with in my entire career." 

"We were beaten up all game. The WWFwouJd 
like to get footage of that one," Harper added. 

Individually, Jennifer Payne, Leona Mason, 
Allison Westfall and Julie Swail each garnered AlI-
American status and Harper was named the 1994 
women's water polo Coacb of the Year. 

"I can't say enough good things about Denny," 
Dunn said. "He bas deserved this award for years. 
His coaching abilities are unparalled." 

O.M.B.A.C. 
Old Mission Beach Athletic Club 

..... .,.. - One of the 
fastest learners H.-per ever 
coached, ·Blender" progressed 

steacllyttvou(houtherfol.l'~ .. 
career, crac:klrc the startlrc 
lineup her junior ye., ·1 was a 
lame swimmer who didn't have 
a clue about water polo, • Dunn 
said. "I had a &reat last two 
years." Indeed. Dunn II'8bbed 
tlrst-team All-Tourney honors at 
the Western Qual1tlcatlon Tour· 
nament on the wtl/ to her third 
national title In' four years. 

BrIndy ROIt - ~ senior two-
meterdefensiw specialist also 
made great strides In her four· 
year Triton career. "Last year 
was a breakthrough season 
for Brandy, and It really came 
togetllerthls year, "Harper said. 
No one liked to set hole against 
her.· While Rost's defensIve 
prowess during this ye.'s title 
run was Integral to the team's 
success, her two timely goals 
against Slippery Rock didn't 
hurt In the least 

AIIIon WeRfI// - "I'll ~ 
ably never have another athlete 
like AlII Westfall," Harper said. 
·She has endured so many In-
juries and hurts In her career, 
we have had to hold her to-
gether with Band-AIds and Su-
per Glue.· It worked. westfall 
has been named an AlJ.Ameri-
can In each of her last four 
seasons and has been one of 
the &reltest clutch players ever 
to IUIt up for Harper's national 
assassins. 

30th ANNUAL 
"COMING OUT PARTY" 

Co mille m orat I ve 
T -S h I rt sOn Sa i e 

TIckets: 
(lIlAC - TIle Beachcomber 
The Plnnlllt -IIIlly's East 
Coast. SIIoaI- JoIIIIIY" Surf Club 
lIIe's O.B. -1M's Cablna Bar 
1Iuc'-c .... ~ -RaIiI's 

pi us 
Kings of Orange Co. 

Dr. F eelgood & 
the Interns of Love 

SAT. JUNE 11, 1994 
2 pm 'til 10 pm 

£-.. S7 u.. ...... If ~ ...... $13 fII.SIfIo.tr)Mlbo.tr. 1'8 Mi, 
.............. _ ................. ... 

Tralk FIIIIIlIlIlIIIlb 
With a lioeup cbaraderized by Head Coach Tony Salerno M "not 

cootaiaing DIlDy heavy bitters, but a lot of depth,· the UCSD tract and 
field team bepn the 1994 IICUOn 10 full stride. 'I1Ie Trito .. plowed 
through the tim half of their IICbedule by dominating rivallCbools. 

The tncksters continued to bold their own in several difficult 
invitationai meets, in whicb they were often the only Division IU 
athletes present in a field full of Division I and Division U competitors. 

As the second half of the IeUOIl £Oned IIOUJId, Salerno expected to 
rely on the few experienced veterans remaining from last year's roster. 

"lead, be WM pleuandy sarprised by the emergence of a nucleus 
of youog stall: freIbman sprinter Lisa Shepard, long-distance work-
horse U. Castner, sophomore hurdler Michaela Monahan and field 
queen Tara Monaghan. 

UCSD closed out an excellent 1994 season by sending six members . 
of the team to Nationals, where they not only garnered numerous top-
10 finishes, but also crowned one All-American. 

None of the team's success would have been possible without the 
efforts of the seven graduating seniors. Team captain Jeff Schnitz led 
this pack of talented TritODS. A California Collegiate Athletic AaSociaton 
conference champion last year, Schnitz is the number-two UCSD 
javelin thrower of all time (182'6j, and what Salemocalls "a dedicated 
athlete and an excellent leader." 

Senior Ian Cooke, who qualified for Nationals as a sophomore, is the 
school record-bolder in the bigh jump at 6'10," and was, according to 
Salerno, "our top bigh jumper the last four years," 

"[Sleenbof] is a bue prodigy. He didn't throw prior to his transfer-
ring bere as a junior," said Salerno. As UCSD's number-three all-time 
discus thrower (161 '6j and number-two all-time javelin thrower 
(182'5" Sleenbof placed Jdnth at Nationals this year. 

The Tritons' top l,.soo.meter runner this year was senior Matt 
Ringer. With a top time of 3:56.72, be was, in Salerno's words, "one of 
our beat performers in the distancea over the years." 

Rounding out UCSD's "select seven" are seniors Erick Goldman. 
Colin Williams and Mark Johnson. Goldman was UCSD's number-two 
athlete in the I.s<»-meter race this INIOII, while JobnIoo was the 
tea!Il's3,()()()..metersteeplechasespecia1ist Williams, wbopolevanlted 
15'1" this yeu, is cIeacn'bed by Salerno as "a consistent IIbIete who 
improved sIeIdily over his teoarc flere,· 

$H 
paid for 

o Bring your books 
to the tent in front of 

the UCSD Bookstore 
Mon-Fri 9-4 & Sat 10-4 

June 6-11 
OR to the 

Rev4!l1e Sundry Store 
June 8-1 0 I Hrs: 10-3 

I.. '.1 I 
~ - -f ~ ~ help~,~ - ~ 

TEx'J BOOK DEPAJItTMENT834 4887 

Thur.day, June 2,1994 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 .. 

1994 Spring Senior Salute 
Baseball Takes Bird In DIVIsion III Collelelarld Series 

RYIII! Flanapn - Much of 
the Tritons' success this sea-
son rested on the arm of 
southpaw Ryan Flanagan, 
whose 9-3 record and 2.23 
ERA made him the ace of 
UCSO's pitching staff. 
Flanagan, who rebounded 
from a 1993 back injury, to 
set a school record by toss-
ing 311/3 consecutive Innings 
without giving up an earned 
run. 

Kurt LuII .... n - When the 
Tritons took a lead heading 
into "Mom Country," they 
handed the ball overto closer 
Kurt "Mom· Luhrsen. The se-
nior was converted into a 
closer at the beginning of the 
season. The change worked 
out well for Luhrsen, who set 
school records in saves for a 
season (6) and for a career 
(10). Luhrsen finished the 
1994 campaign with a 5-0 
record and a 1.39 ERA. 

The UCSD baseball team soared 
to new heights in the 1994 season, 
shattering several school records 
and reaching the College World 
Series in the process. The club's 
third-place finish was the best in 
school history, with UCSD advanc-
ing to the Final Four before being 
eliminated by Wesleyan, 5-1. . 

The regular season began on a 
peculiar note, when the team's first 
three games were all rained out. 
After finally taking the diamond, 
the Tritons proved that they would 
be a force to be reckoned with by 
sweeping a twinbill with powerful 
Cal State Los Angeles on Feb. 12. 

The strangeness resurfaced 
when the Tritons' Feb. 16 loss to 
Point Lorna was wiped from the 
recordbooks after Head Coach Ly Ie 
Yates protested an illegal substitu-
tion. The protest allowed Triton 
Chris Miyake to extend his remark-
able hitting streak to 31 games. 

Miyake grabbed much of the 
attention this season, and with good 
reason. He finished with a .360 
average and led the Tritons with 45 
RBI, despite being bounced around 
in the lineup. 

lead UCSD to a 6-5 victory. 
During the season, the Tritons 

managed to put together both a 12-
game and an II-game winning streak 
and boasted a 15-1 home record. 

After setting a school record for 
victories in the regular season, 
UCSD (28-4) was rewarded by 
being selected to host the Western 
Regionals against Cal Lutheran. 
UCSD's future looked bleak after 
the Kingsmen dominated the Tri-
tons in the first two games, but then 
the greatest turnaround in Western 
Regional history began to unfold. 

It started when Steve Height held 
Cal Lutheran in check to keep UCSD 
alive during an 10-7 victory in game 
three. Marc Abrams chalked up his 
best performance of the season the 
next day in an 11-3 triumph. In the 
fifth and deciding game, the Tritons 
rallied from a 5-2 deficit in the bot-
tom of the seventh to grab an 8-5 
victory. The win propelled the Tri-
tons to Battle Creek, Michigan for 
the College World Series. 

--

RIck RamIrez - The Tri-
tons' third baseman finished 
his brief career at UC50 with 
a bang. A two-home run, six· 
RBI performance highlighted 
his spectacular showing at 
the recent College World Se-
ries, eaming high praise from 
Head Coach Lyle Yates who 
called him ·one of the two 
best third basemen there: 

The most dramatic victory of 
the season came on April 2 against 
one of the top schools in Division 
II, UC Riverside. AI DelFavero 
belted a game-winning home run in 
the bottom of the eighth inning, his 
onlydingerofthe regular season, to 

With the conclusion of the sea-
son, so ended Yates ' career at 
UCSD. Yates will now take on a 
position within the Texas Rang-
ers' minor league farm system as a 
pitching instructor, but his legacy 
here will be long remembered. He 
turned around a program which 
had never had a winning season, 
and took it to the World Series in 
1987 and 1994. 

Ren~ Bruckner I Guaro/an 

Ramirez finished the season 
with a .277 average, while 
committing only 10 errors. 

UCSO bids a fond farewell to its 1994 
graduating senior athletes in the following 

sports : Women's water polo, women's 
tennis, !rack and field, golf, crew and 

baseball 

FALL RECISTRATION FEES DEFERRED PAYMENT 
for ueSD Students 

If you need help in paying your fall registration fees, 
the Deferred Payment Program is designed to help 
you. For a $25 fee, the program allows you to pay 
quarterly registration fees in three installments. 

Visit ~r call the Bursar's Office for a simple, easy to 
complete application. 

Bursar's Office 
Building 201, University Ctr 

Hours: M-F, 9:00am - 4:00pm 
(619) 634-6806 

Have a Creaf Summer! 

• 

--

... 

-



20 SPORTS 

BRIANK. 

HUTTO 
Buckner, You 
Are Not Alone 

In times such as this, I like 
to think of one Bill Buckner. 
Now, Bill was a wonderful 
baseball player. In his prime, 
the man could hit for both 
power and average; he 
consistently ranked among his 
team's leaders in RBIs and 
was a defensive ace on the 
field. Oft was the time he 
would incredulously snare a 
rifled line-drive down the first 
base line to kill a seemingly 
immi nent foe rally. 

And yet, what image i 
conjured by almost every 

" sport fanatic when Big Bad 
Bill's name is mentioned? 
Yep, you guessed it: 1986 
World Series, game seven, 
N. Y. Mets center-fielder 
Mookie Wilson hits a lazy 
routine grounder right through 
the leg of our would-be hero, 
Bo ton Red Sox 's own Mr. 
Bill, to give the Mets the 
World Championship title. 

Buckner, despite a 
wonderful major league 
career, never lived his HaIl-
of-Shame blunder down. We 
of the 1993-94 UCSD 
Guardian sports section have 
our own tragic tale of woe. 

In our next-to-last issue of 
the school year, May 31, 
1994, a page of ill-repute 
marred our hallowed ports 
section. A page that was never 
meant to be. In a last-second 
gaff in the wee hours of the 
morning, a dummy/filler/non-
real text was accidentally 
pasted down in place of the 
real sports page. 

Of course, the majority of 
the those who purused the 
publi hed edition quite 
astutely realized we had made 
a mistake. But for those of 
you who feel outraged and 
abandoned, rest assured that 
today's last i sue contains the 
correct text which was fully 
intended to run in the first 
place. 

Both the UCSD ba eball 
and track teams have been 
Division 1lI staples for San 
Diego in years past and didn ' t 
disappoint this season. The 
Triton hardballers completed 
a storybook season under the 
masterful direction of skipper 
Lyle Yates, advancing all the 
way to the Final Four of the 
nation 's baseball elite. 

To say they did miserably 
wouldn't even constitute a 
bad joke. The same can be 
said for the appalling track 
headline. Obviously, neither 
was intended for publication. 

For the faithful followers 
of UCSD Guardian sports 
throughout the 1993-94 year, 
our relentless support of 
Triton athletics should be 
extremely obvious. We have 
done everything in our power 
to highlight the dominating 
exploits of our Triton sports 

See BUCKNER, Page 13 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Juae2, 1994 

EdiIo,'s NOI,: As a result of a production e"or, an inco"ect baseball story as Wf!11 as 1M wrong Mtullines lor both the 
baseball and tracle stories Wf!re printed ill Tuesday's issue. This is the CO""t baseball story as it was originally supposed 
to run. The Guardian apologizes to both the baseball and track teams for the mista/ces, which in flO way reflect how the stall 
feels about those teams. 

Tritons Third in Nation 
BASEBALL: UCSD ends season 
with best-ever 33-7 season record 
By Jeff Praueht 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team had its work cut out 
for it after an opening-game loss at the Div. 1II 
College World Series in Battle Creek, Michigan 

last Thursday. But after 
earning two impressive 
wins to stave off elimina-
tion, it was tamed by a 
hot pitcher in a5-1loss to 
Wesleyan University on 
Monday. 

Despite the loss, 
__ ....;~. UCSD finished in third, 

its ever at World Series, and set a 
team record for victories in a season (33). No 
Triton team had ever won a game in the College 
World Series before this year. 

UCSD knew that a win against Wesleyan would 
be difficult because of Cardinal starter, Craig 
Brewer, who hadn ' t lost since midway through the 
1993 season. After falling behind early, the Tri-
tons crept closer in the top of the second inning 
when Eric Quandt stroked a two-out, bases-loaded 
single which plated Bill McKnight and narrowed 
the Cardinals' lead to 2-1. 

But in the bottom ofthe fifth, the Cardinals put 
together the game-clinching rally off of Triton 
starter Mark Hartmann. A single and a walk had 
put runners on second and third with two outs, but 
controversy helped extend the inning. In a subse-
quent call which Head Coach Lyle Yates termed 
"absolutely ridiculous," AI DelFavero was called 
for catcher's interference against Will 
Brandenburger, invalidating the third out and load-
ing the bases. The bad break prolonged the inning 
for Jes e Carpenter, whose three-run double put 
Wesleyan up to stay, 5-1. 

Offensively, UCSD couldn't muster any runs 
against Brewer (12-0), who shut down the Tritons 
with a complete-game seven-hitter. 

"What happened here today is not going to 
diminish in any way what we accomplished this 
season," Yates said. 

The previous Thursday, the Tritons started the 
series off on the wrong foot with a tough 4-3 loss 
to Carthage College. Playing in bitterly cold con-
ditions, the contest was UCSD's first night game 
of the season, which evidently led to some defen-
sive problems. 

o.n McOowltl/Guen1i., 
Rpn ~, helped UCSD .... WooIter. 

Dan McDowell! Guen1ian 
Rick Ramirez had two home runs Incladlrlll a er8ftd 118m ."Inst Montclair State. 

A first-inning unearned run put Carthage on 
top earl y, but run-scoring singles by Chris Miyake 
and DelFavero helped give UCSD a 2-1 lead in 
the top of the third. 

The lead was short-lived thanks to another 
Triton error in the bottom of the third. With two 
outs and a runner on first, DelFavero made an 
errant throw trying to nail a would-be base stealer, 
and the runner later scored on a base hit. 

Although UCSD's Steve Height pitched well, 
giving up only six hits over six innings while 
striking out five, he couldn't pull out the victory. 

The Redmen added runs in the sixth and sev-
enth frames, but UCSD made it interesting in the 
ninth for Carthage starter Ryan Taylor. Craig 
Birk and Rick Ramirez reached on consecutive 
errors and were moved up by a sacrifice bunt off 
the bat of Armando Sanchez. 

Facing Bobby Arban, Taylor served up a wild 
pitch which scored Birk and sent Ramirez to 
third. But that was as close as UCSD would get. 
Taylor struck out Arban and induced a game-
ending groundout from Jason Aguilar, giving 
Taylor and the Redmen a 4-3 triumph. 

UCSD rebounded in its second game against 
Wooster College on Friday. The Tritons broke 
out of the gates with two runs in the bottom of the 
first, thanks to an RBI double by Dan O'Brien and 
a run-scoring single by Ramirez. 

After the Scots tied the game in the top of the 
third, neither team could capitalize on several 
scoring chances, as UCSD ace Ryan Flanagan 
and Wooster's Nick Donatelli remained embattled 
in a pitcher's duel. 

But UCSD finally broke through off of 
Donatelli in the bottom of the ninth in traditional 
fashion using its trademark two-out rally, earning 
the Tritons a win. Quandt reached with two outs, 
and later scored on a base hit by DelFavero. Kurt 
Luhrsen, who pitched one and two thirds innings 
of scoreless relief, earned the 3-2 victory. 

The Triton bats came to life in Sunday's con· 
test against Montclair State. Marc Abrams, whose 
outstanding pitching in the Westem Regional! 

helped cam him a start, held the Red Hawks in 
check through the first seven innings. 

Already up 1-0, the Tritons added to that 
lead when Ramirez hit a two-out, bases-empty 
home run. They later added three more runs in 
the sixth to chase starter Keith Glauber from the 
game. DelFavero reached on a one-out walk 
and went to second on an errant pick-off at-
tempt. O'Brien (3-5, 2 RBI) then singled, which 
scored DelFavero. Ramirez later came through 
with an RBI double, and McKnight's fielder's 
choice brought home the third run of the inning. 

After Montclair scored once in the bottom 
of the sixth, UCSD answered in the seventh 
when a walk to Birk with the bases loaded 
forced Quandt home to stretch the lead to 6-2. 

The Red Hawks chased Abrams (7 IP, 3 ER, 
5 H) in the eighth after a lead-off walk. Ryan 
Ward came in to relieve Abrarnsbutwas touched 
for a two-run homer off the bat of Ralpb Yezza, 
narrowing the Triton lead to 6-4. 

But UCSD and Ramirez weren't done scor-
ing. With one out and DelFavero on first, 
O'Brien singled. Birk then walked for the third 
time in the game, loading the bases for Ramirez, 
(3-4, 2R, 6 RBI) who capped off a fabulous day 
by hammering a grand slam in the top of the 
ninth, his second homer of the game. The blast 
was tbe icing on a 10-4 Triton victory. 

Ramirez (S.15, 2 HR, 7 RBI), O'Brien (5-
16,3 RBI) and DelFavero (6-16, 2 RBI) pro-
vided most of the punch at the plate for the 
Tritons, who were otherwise stymied through-
out much of the tournament. 

1beTritonpitcbin&staff,ancboredbYltrong 
performances from Height, Flanapn. Abrams 
and Hartmann, held up well against the compe-
tition, sporting a 2.65 ERA for the series. 

The loss marked the fina) game of Yates' 
remarkable career u the Triton skipper. After 
the game he reflected on the experience. 

... couldn't have written a better script at all. 
I am realizing that I am really going to miss 
these guys," he said. "It felt. little odd 10 take 
off that [uniform] for the final time." 

Centimeter 

~ 
alII 

Auoelatlon 'or Information and Image Management 
1100 Wayne Avenue. Suite 1100 
Silver Spring, Maryland 20910 

301 /587-8202 

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 

1'1'11 'IUI'l I!' 'I '11111" I! I ,II! I d" I' I'll!' I! " II'I!' I 'I' II"" I I! ,II 'I,' I" ,II! 'I'" '11'1'1 ''''II" 'I'" "I" I!"" ,1'1'" '1'11'1"'" "I",,'"'' I i i r II I 1 i "(j 1 iii i t Ii iii I tit 1 i 1 i ( II i 1 t 1 I 
1 2 345 

Inches 1.0 

1111 1.1 .. " ......... 

11111
2
.

5 

2.2 

11111
2

.

0 

'"" 1.25 111111.4 111111.6 

MRNUF~CTURED TO RIIM STRND~RDS 
BY RPPLIED IMRGE. INC. 

mm 


