
ELSEWHERE 

Court Upholds 
UCLA Athletic Cuts 
LOS ANGELES - Superior 
Court Judge Alan Haber 
denied an application last week 
for a preliminary injuction by 
university athletes that wooId have 
forced UCLA to reinslate its 
men's swimming and gymnastic 
programs. The university said 
last Augt.B that men's swimming 
and men's and women's 
gymnastics would be dropped 
after the 1993-94 academic year. 
The attorney for the malt: 
swimmers and gymnasts, Ivan 
W. Halperin, said he has not 
determined whether he will 
appeal the decision. 

California State Senate 
passed legislation Thursday 
which would authorize the 
UC Student Association 
(UCSA) to carry out student 
advocacy activities, a right 
sus'pended following the State 
Supreme Court ruling of 
Smith v. Regents. The bill 
would allow the UCSA to be 
funded through the annual 
budget act since it can no longer 
use mandatory student fee 
revenues. In reaction to the 
passing vote, bill author Tom 
Hayden said, "I can't think of 
any other instance where 
consumers are denied the right to 
represent themselves. If this is 
not taxation without repraenta-
lion then I don't know what is." 

UCD ........ tsUp ... 
WItII ...... '.c.ter 
DA V IS-A coalition of UCD 
students, faculty and staff al1ege 
that the university's Women's 
Resourc:es and Research Center 
(WRRq has inadequately 
addressed issues of diversity. 
Coalition members want a 
woman of color elected as 
director of the WRRC and 
claim that UCD administrators 
intend to appoint a director 
instead of holding an open 
selection process. 

INSIDE 

DRUGS 
OPINION: Should they 
be legalized? 4 

SPORTS: Baseball 
triumphs over Cal 
Lutheran, heads to' 
CollegeWorld Series 14 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ............... ...•.. ....... 2 
CALVIN a HOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
UGIITS a SIRENS ...... .... .......... . 9 
aASSlFIEDS ........................... 16 
SPORTS ................................... 18 

H E u 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 23,1994 

-There's Always the Sun 
Friday's Sun God Festival was 
highlighted by the appearance of 
zany They Might Be Giants (top), 
but daytime festivities in the shadow 
of the Sun God provided the campus 
with an opportunity to relieve stress. 
At left, Warren junior Bill Kim is 
shot into the air by Lloyd Molder. 
Below, Fifth senior Chris Cole and 
Warren sophomore Leon Chu throw 
their weight around in a battle as 
mock sumo wrestlers. 
Photos by Yakov Zoloterov 

c 

VOLUME 82, ISSUE 17 

Presidential 
Hearings 
Placed on 
Hold 
CASE: After a Judicial Board 
member resigns, hearings are 
temporarily halted 
By Alexander Thiesen 
Co-News Editor 

The Associated Students' Judicial Board hear-
ing of charges against A.S. President Carla Tesak 
was postponed Saturday following the resigna-
tion of a board member. ' 

David Sillani, Warren College Judicial Board 
representative, stepped down from his post be-
cause he shares the same lawyer that Tesak chose 
in her defense for the hearing. In addition, pros-
ecuting spokeswoman Kelly Lytle has asked 
Muir representative Michael Kennedy to resign 
from the board because of a possible conflict of 
interest. Lytle alleges that Kennedy is a room-
mate of a friend of Tesak. 

Judicial Board Chair Rick Moncho excused 
himself from the hearing several days ago, also 
because he has a personal relationship with Tesak. 

According to acting Judicial Board Chair 
Larry Hilman, "The case cannot be heard ... 
[because 1 a conflict of interest has been exposed 
and the case must be rescheduled due to a lack of 
quorum." 

Following the board's brief meeting, Lytle 
said that she felt Tesak was taking the heari ng too 
seriously by using a professional lawyer for her 
defense, adding, "I think today she's proven that she's 
done something wrong by bringing in a real lawyer." 

Seven charges of election bylaw violations were 
fi led last Tuesday againstTesakby Marshall College 
sophomore Eugene Kim, who alleged that the AS. 
president had illegally used fliers published by the 
Union of Jewish Students (UJS) during last month 's 
presidential reelections. 

According to Lytle, the UJS fliers which Tesak 
claimed for her campaign libeled her opponent, Pon-
cho Guevara. Lytle also claim that Tesak did not 
include the fliers in her campaign budget and that 
the fliers contai ned a University Exten ion phone 
number, each a violat ion of election bylaws. 

Regents Divert Funding For New Diversity Plan 
MEmNG: University 
will spend $1 million to 
boost minority enroll-
ment; 150 protest against 
regents 
By PhHlp Mlc ...... 
Special to the Guardian 

In order to meet an expected 
influx in the numherofhigh school 
graduates, particularly among mi-
nority groups, the University of 
California Board of Regents 
adopted a plan on Friday that would 
explore ways to increase the num-
her of African-American, alicano, 

Latino and Native American stu-
dents who attend college. 

The new diversity plan calls for 
expanding two UC programs 
which promote minority student 
eligibility to and graduation from 
math, engineering and science 
majors. At least $1 million will be 
invested into the university's long-
term diversity efforts to assist in 
the expansion. 

The increased funding will also 
be used to provide financial incen-
tives, known u Regents' Diver-
sity Incentive Awards, which are 
intended to develop campus out-
reach and retention programs. 

"The intent here is to set in 

motion a step-by-step process on 
each campus, and within the uni-
versity as a whole, for understand-
ing and meeti ng the emergi ng chal-
lenges of diversity," UC Provost 
Walter Massey said. 

"If the university is to maintain 
its mandate to serve all of the 
people of the state, we will have to 
undertake special efforts to ensure 
that our graduates reflect the di-
versity of California," Massey 
added. 

The two programs that will 
immediately benefit from the new 
diversity policy are the Early Aca-
demic Outreach Program (EAOP) 
and the California Alliance for 

Minority Participation (CAMP). 
EAOP, which according to the 

university serves approximately 
57,000 students statewide, encour-
ages junior high and high school 
students to pursue a college school 
education. The university esti-
mates that one in five of the UC's 
freshman underrepresented stu-
dents participate in EAOP. 

CAMP, part of a national pro-
gram funded by the National Sci-
ence Foundation, seeks to double 
the number of california minority 
colleg«( students who earn 
bachelor's degrees in science, en-
gineering and math. According to 

See REGENTS, Page 7 

- ---- ~ -- - -. - - - -- - - -



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardiu Moaday •• ,23.1994 

Scripps To Delay SouRd 
Testing in Pacific 

ETCETERA. • • 
ENVIRONMENT: SIO agrees to test impact of acoustic 
signals on marine mammals before beginning experiment 

CALVIN II HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

By M_ry Beth SeclllICk 
Staff Writer 

In the wake of public concern 
and lobbying by environmental 
groups, the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography (SIO) has decided 
to temporarily postpone theAcous-
tic Thermometry of Ocean Cli-
mate (ATOC) 
project in order to 
study its effect on 
marine mammals. 

ing. 
"Our position is that there are 

so many unanswered questions 
about the project and its potential 
impact on wildlife that we believe 
that the project should not proceed 
until a full Environmental Impact 
Statement (EIS) is issued," said 

Michael 
$herwood, a staff 
attorney in San 
Francisco for the 
Sierra aub legal 
Defense Fund. 
Sherwood at-

The decision was 
announced at a re-
cent six-hour public 
hearin g admini s-
tered by the National 
Marine Fi s heries 
Service, the organi-
zation responsible 
for issuing a permit 
that would allow the 
experiment to begin. 
Several environ-
mental gro ups, 
which have been lob-
byi ng against the 
SIO experiment 
si nce it was proposed 
were also represented 
at the hearing. 

"Our position Is 
that there are 

tended the recen t 
hearing, repre-
senting 19 differ-
entenvironmental 
organizations 
ranging from lo-
cal groups to na-
tional organiza-
tions such as 
Greenpeace and 
the Sjerra Club. 

BRIEFLY ... 

IrS I'"I'L WIQ 1 W6 ~ IIJD, 
11lOJQlf~~ 
~HbJ\~. r 
llIJSm) ... 1'Nl94n> b m:E 

~r$ ~IMO, ~ Ii 
~ OCCURRa)1\) II( l\It.T 
1\('1 .Q(t I40f ~ 1lOoI. 

\ 

'1\E lID. Of ~ CIN'I 
~QMi,~ 
cut IGJSi _ ~!!' 

t~l\N)~~ 
~ AMIIW..1O 

~9R'fIIm . 
I 

The experiment, 
led by SIO Profes-
sor of Geophysics 
Walter Munk, in-
volves transmitting 
acoustic signal so up 

· to 195 decibels 
across the Pacific 
Ocean to achieve a 
better understanding 
of ocean temperature 
changes and thei r re -
lationship to global 
warming. The sig-
nals wou Id be broad-
cast from Californ ia 

so many 
unansw.red 
qu.stlons about 
the project and 
Its potential 
Impact on 
wildlife that w. 
believe that the 
project should 
not proceed 
until a full 
Envlronm.ntal 
Impact 
Statement (EIS) 
Is Issued." 

According to 
Andrew Forbes, 
the deputy direc-
tor of the Scripps 
project, the ex-
periment faces 
two main hurdles 
before it can pro-
ceed. The first, a 
procedural delay, 
involves produc-
ing a satisfactory 
EIS statement, a 
process which 
can take from 

Physics Dept. Hosts Berkeley Professor 

four to five 
-Michael Sherwood monthsoraslittle 

as 90 days. The Sierra Club Legal Defense 
second delay in-Fund staff attOf'ney 
volves a more spe-

and Kauai and would reach 18 
receivers throughout the Pacific 
Rim. 

The experiment measures the 
ti me a signal takes to travel fro m 
the transmission to the receivi ng 
si te. The warmer the water is, the 
faster the signal will travel. By mea-
suring the speed of the signals, scien-
tists hope to detect warming trends. 

However, many environmen-
tal groups have objected to the 
ex per iment, clai ming that the 
sound pulses may be harmful to 
marine mammals. SIO originally 
planned to study the effects of the 
signals on mammals concurrently 
with studies of warming trends. 

But as a result of pressure from 
the environmental groups and pub-
lic concern, SIO will study pos-
sible effects the experiment will 
have on marine mammals for four 
to five months before proceeding 
with the investigation of global warm-

cific study of the 
effects of sound transmissions on 
marine mammals. 

"The combined effect of these 
delays is a long time but we have to 
live with it," Forbes said. ''We're 0p-
timistic [about getting a permit for the 
experiment), but you can never be 
certain. We have a responsible, well-
thought out, well -planned experi-
ment." 

According to Sherwood, after 
Scripps produces the EIS, it is re-
qu ired to release the statement to the 
public. "If the EIS is not satisfactory, 
then we will bring the appropriate 
lawsuit," Sherwood said. 

According to Sherwood, even 
after the EIS is issued, the envi-
ronmental groups he represents do 
not plan to ignore any side-effects 
of the experiment. 

"I think that this experiment 
wi II be in the news for years and 
we certainly intend to monitor it," 
he said. 

The Physics Department Is holding a conoquium 
featuring UC Be~1ey Department of Physics Profes-
sor Marvin L. Cohen on ThlXsday. May 26 at 4 p.m. in 
room 2622 of York Hall. 

The topic of the lecture .will be "Predicting Material 
Properties and New Materials: Cohen's discussion 
will focus on the microscopiC approach to viewing 
solids, as well as applications and empirical theories 
of the approach. 

Cohen received a B.A. degree from UCB in 1957 
and a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1963. In 
1964 he became a member of the Lawrence Berkeley 
Laboratory and the UCB Physics Department. He 
received the Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize of the Ameri· 
can Physical Society this year. 

For more information contact the Physics Depart· 
ment at 534-3290. 

Foundation Grants Prof $50,000 
For Education-Related R ..... ch 

UCSD Professor of Psychology and Communica-
tions Michael Cole has been awarded a grant from the 
Spencer Foundation to study computer literacy and 
other learning development programs for children. 

Cole was chosen from numerous applicants nation-
wide for his ' past research ability as a schol8l'to guide 
and nurture aspiring researchers." Recipients of the 
Spencer Mentor Network are provided with $50.000 to 
be used over a two-year period to finance both educa-
tion-related research and the doctoral students who 
work with the reCipient. 

Cole's research on the relationship between child-
hood leaming and development Includes projects in 
the United States, England and the former Soviet 
Union. His recent work includes the development of an 
after·school elementary educational program called 
the "Fifth Dimension." 

BAINE CAMUSO, Associate News Editor 
DAVID CNO, Phoro fditor 

IRIAN K. HunO. ~s fdltor 
DAilICRAF1'. Associate Spotts fdlror 

DAN KRAUII, Co-News fdltor 
MARCUS LOI8IA, o.l/gn Editor 
""t.aObrdIIols~"""'IOdThndl/l~"_"''''"''''''''''''' dt.aO . ......-d .... _II .. _._In_.lnplll._....-1s 
..,....., . • 1 ...... _MlMld. ""1A:SIl~"IIII""""", ..... _1I 
__ .III.n. ___ IIIrlllNCllIIII .... _._ .. 

..", NtDa. HlMus Editor 
ALlXANDIII ,"IEIDI, CIHWws Editor 

JUDITH A. WlIDDIIOIIN, AnocI«. NfIws Editor 
.. _____ ..... " lilt IA:SIl ~ .. IM'MIIIIr II CIIIInIII, ... 
_a-.IlllIA:SIl ..... " .... _.., ....... ~ .. ,..., __ 

atc SCHMIDT, Editor In ChIef 
JAIOtIIUTCMII, Production ~ 

DOUI ALlX'NDIII, OJ1InIDn Editor 
III~ON BlIDIOI, Copy Editor 
!lINt 1MICKNIIt, Gr8IIh/CI Editor 

YAIlOY ZOLOTOMV, AuocI«e Photo Editor 
..... IT.,. w.tIIII: Knft ~ Fr-*O DeWIft. lien FfIund. JeMy 

o.I~ -..-. ~ ,_. IWn ,.,...,. o..tII ..... C .. I*W, 

~WIImIIS: Erin AI*rIon. DIOra 1InIns""' . IvIII~. JolIn GacIIrIy. 
o.n H8Ills. o.n ... HurIt ......... __ • E,. ........ 0arII Le. lIoIIleWIIon. 
C8IICIICt McifIl'l8IICI. EltrIDIIII ......... ..,., MII_. MurIII ~ • 
.....,.,.,NIcDII . ..-...H_ ......... .,.~ Pr ....... Rltua-..MIIY 
IItII s.d ........ SImon. OM -......r. 1IMn_ 

IWIITU~ MIeN ClIft. NIIIIIn EnIn. 00MInIc LAIIIIIM. N tIIIaI'C. JIean 

Revell. Honors OUtstandlnc 
Students and 'aculty 

Revelle College honored its students with GPAs 
above 3.7 and outstanding faculty last Friday at its 
11th Annual Honors Banquet at the Faculty Club. 

Senior class valedictorian Abraham Broudy re-
ceived a scholarship toward enrollment in the UCSD 
School of Medicine. Other scholarships were given to 
Michael Aklufi for philosophy, Thomas Bames for ECE 
and Dorit Silberman for psychology. 

Professor of Biochemistry Russ Doolittle was the 
featured speaker at the banquet. Professors Betsy 
Jordan of the Humanities program and Gabriele 
Wienhausen of the Biology Department were chosen 
by the seniors as Outstanding Teachers of the Year. 

Saxophonist Joshua Redman 
Performs at UCSD Sunday 

UCSD will host jau tenor saxophonist Joshua 
Redman on Sunday, May 29 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Redman attended Harvard University, where he 
graduated In 1991 summa cum laude and Phi Beta 
Kappa, and was accepted to Yale Law School. 

Before starting law school. Redman spent time in 
New York City, frequenting clubs and playing jam 
sessions . He won the Thelonious Monk Interna· 
tiona I Jazz Saxophone Competition in the fall of 
1991. 

In 1992 Redman was named "Best New Artist· 
in the 1992 Jazz Times Readers' Poll, Roiling 
Stone's "Hot Jazz Artist of 1993" and the "Number 
One Tenor Saxophonist talent deserving of wider 
recognition" in the Down Beat Critics' Poll. 

Tickets for Redman's performance are $14 for 
general admission and $12 for students. 

MODday. May 23.1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

. Protesters Hold Sleep-In at Blake FDA Charges UCSD Doctor 
With Research Improprieties 

HOUSING: Students 
demand affordable 
housing from campus 
officials 
., ...... C .... UIO 
AAocI,te News Editor 

Entering tbeir fifth day of pr0-
test, . members of a coalition de-
manding affordable on-campus 
housing have arranged to meet with 
Housing Director Larry Barrett to-
day 10 discuss possible strategies 
to create alternative on-campus 
housing. 

The coalition, comprised of 
roughly 30 students, drew up a 
proposal outlining its objectives 
while occupying the top floor of 
Blake Hall, where roughly 18mem-
bers have been sleeping in protest 
since Wednesday. Among their 
goals are to generate student inter-
est in the issue of affordable on-
campus housing and to reevaluate 
the qualifications for financial aid 
so that more students can receive 
help. They are also demanding that 
the "mudhuts" at Revelle be con-
verted into studeIt-run housing with 
an affordable meal plan or kitchen 
facilities. 

"I think tbat the community sur-
rounding UCSD is a really lousy 
place for students to be," said War-
ren senior Matthew Danielczyk. 
adding that off<ampus housing is 
expensive and spread out. "If we 
could have affordable housing on-
campus, tbat may bring some of 
these off-campus students on cam-

pus and he'lp build a sense of 
community, something sorely 
lacking here. " 

According to Danielczyk, the 
protesters have received no com-
plaints from students living in 
Blake Hall, whicb the coalition 
chose to occupy because of the 
facilitiesavailable and its relative 
lack of use by residents. 
Danielczyk said the coalition 
scouted out several places on cam-
pus before deciding that Blake 
was the best for its purposes. 

"I tbink [the residents] have no 
problem with us being here, but 
the Residential Life staff says 
we're intruding on their space," 
said Danielczyk. 

"For the most part, the resi-
dents want their lounge back," 
said Revelle Resident Dean Kate 
Mangan, who spoke with mem-
bers of the coalition on Friday to 
arrange a meeting between the coa-
lition and administration to dis-
cuss the coalition's goals. "What I 
want 10 avoid is students calli n g up 
the vice chancellor and saying 
'Get them out of here. '" 

Mangan said she sympathized 
with thecoalition'sgoals. "I ~n't 
know any student in their right 
mind wbo wouldn't want af-
fordable housing," she said. 
However, Mangan added that 
the coalition's occupation of 
Blake Hall is creating prob-
lems with tbe residents which 
sbe said conflicts witb her du-
ties as a residential advisor. 

"If people are planning 10 stay 

$99·f~11l~~~E!. 
IIIIEEII, HAZEL OR ,BEY 

WJ 02 ...................... _ . ~ ... _ 

·locI.,. CompIIII Eye ElIIm. RttIng· Follow-up en 
• CIrt KIt· ,.., SlgInId Ax only • Other Major BrIncII in StocII 

L..---We take the lime to listen and explain . 
Dr. lIeII 11710 MI Rd I SELBY,o.o. r ......... ::CIIh·Jt, 578·6796 
S69 ' LOVJEST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses! 

here until there's a ground-break-
ing for a housing co-op, my ability 
to help [ooalition members] with that 
is lICYeIeIy i~ [by the impact it 
has on residents]," Manpn said. 

According to Fifth College se-
nior Jenner McCloskey, who was 
at the meeting with Mangan, other 
UC schools have provided al-
ternatives to on-campus hous-
ing, such as a recreational ve-
hicle area at UC Irvine an$! a 
campground available to students at 
UC Santa Cruz. 

"What we want the administra-
tion to address is its negligence in 
providing affordable housing, an 
issue which other UC schools 
have successfully addressed," 
McCloskey said. "We'd like to 
see the administration take this on 
as a central issue. 

"A lot of people (eei that there 's 
no reason to leave [Blake] until 
there's been a true commitment 
on behalf of the administration 
toward this," she added. 

Besides occupying Blake Hall, 
the coalition is distributing fliers and 
posting banners to generate student 
support. Thisisa crucial point for 
coalition members, since one 
of the reasons the administration 
gave for rejecting an A.S. pro-
posal for affordable on-campus 
housing last fall was a lack of 
student interest. The coalition is 
holding a town meeting at S . 
p.m. on Wednesday in Solis 
Hall to discuss tbe possibilities 
available for establishing afford-
able housing on-campus. 

By Judith A. WIecIerhom 
Associete News Editor 

The Federal Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) has 
charged UCSD School of Medi-
cine Professor of Pathology Dr. 
Douglas D. Richman with seri-
ous research deficiencies in a 
1990 study be conducted to ex-
amine the effects of the drug 
fialuridine on 12 AIDS patients 
who also had the viral infection 
!-Iepatitis-B. 

According to FDA officials, 
Richman failed to alert the drug 
manufacturers of significant 
negative side effects, adequately 
explain the riSks of the study to 
his patients and report patient 
deaths tothe appropriate authori-
ties . 

Director of the FDA's <;:enter 
for Drug Evaluation and Re-
search Dr. Frances O. Kelsey 
said in a s ix-page letter to 
Richman that the FDA had 
concluded that "the evidence 
suggests and represents that [he] 
failed to adhere to pertinent (ed-
eral regulations ... covering the 
conduct of clinical investiga-
tions ... and protection of human 
subjects. " 

Richman asserted that the 
study was conducted properly, 
"[Our) monitoring, records and 
consent forms comply within the 
regulations of the agency," he 
said. 

Richman claims that all risks 
of taking tbe drug were reported 

lfiteuive MCAT Prep: 
1) DIIIx works ... don't settle for less! · 

in a timely manner, that informed 
consent of the patients was pro-
vided and that his staff was very 
concerned and attentive to its 
patients. 

"We have appropriate re-
sponses to all of the charges," 
Richman said. "[fheFDA's] rea-
sons have nothing to do with our 
performance; they reflect politi-
cal pressures in Washington." 

Richman is the third physi-
cian at UCSD to receive an FDA 
warning letter in recent months. 
FDA officials say that the leiters 
identify what they believe to be 
serious problems in research tech-
niques that demand immediate 
correction. 

According to university 
spokeswoman Leslie Franz, dean 
of the UCSD School of Medicine 
Dr. John F. Alksne said that 
"Richman is a highly respected 
virologist and conscientious re-
searcher who has been a national 
leader in the development of [po-
tential] treatments for HIV in-
fection ." 

Alksne said that research in-
voJving human subjects is an 
extremely complex activity 
and that he. is confident that 
UCSD maintains a high qual-
ity of research . "We all take 
the concerns of the FDA very 
seriously. We will cooperate 
fully in order to resolve the 
issues they have raised," he 
added. 

See FDA, Page 9 

2) combines fag.gt in-class MCAT instruction & real MCAT testing with 
carefully guided home study. 

3) is correlated with MeAT sgems. 
4) may be the factor to get UIl into medical school. 

eolumbUI MCAT Review: 
1) an independent, full-service program taught by MeAT experts (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates & English Department Ph.D. faculty) . 
2) specializes in igtegslye MCAT prep & medical school admissions assistance-

they ue all we do! 
3) originated the concept of "igtegslye MeAT PRO" here in San Diego in 1985, 

heWIR of simulators! ' 
4) otten mOR than any otber prep course: the most total hours, the most qualified 

& experienced instructors, the most up-to-date materials, unlimited free tutorial 
& application/admissions assistance, all at the least cost! 

5) to"year track record of "double-digit" MCAT sa,res & "top choice" med schoo l 
acceptances for our students. 

6) III cll.' og qmpus at the UCSD School of Medicine. 

Summer 1994: 
aasses begin JUDe 12th and are already 1/2 full. Limited enrollment. Don't settle for Ie s! 

fIj ..... ... . . 
. 

Columbia Review 
1M TE ." FE MCAl" E' A • A , " • 

ENROll NOW! 456-8488 



" OPINION ". VCSD c..rdIaa 

THE HIGH COST 
OF PROMIBI ON 

By DouIIaS Alexlftder 
Opinion !dltor 

L egalizeit!"Oncerelegatedtoarag-tag fringe of marijuana enthusiasts and hard-<:ore libertarians, thecaU fordrug 
. legalization has gained a foothold in 
the political mainstream. AmericaM have be-
come disillusioned by the moral and monetary 
costs of the neverending "war on dru~." And a 
growing contingent has resolved that we should 
admit defeat and aI.low Americans to 
smoke, sniff, inject and ingest what-
ever they want. 

Along with a slew of well-known 
right- and left-wing intelkduals, in-
cluding economist Milton Friedman, 
Harpers' editor Lewis Lapham, Na-
tionalRevieweditor William F. Buckley 
and the editors of 1M EcotJOmist, a 
number of judges, politicians and police 
officers have come out in favor of legaliza-
tion. Though opinioM differ widely - from 
decriminalizing consumption to making drup 
available at the local Wal-Mart - there is one 
thing that legalizers agree on:' prohibition does 
not - and cannoI- work. 
. This conclusion is not difficult to rac:b. By 
nearly every meuure and on nearly every front, 
America's mora.I and poIiCic:al ~ lpinst 
drup his proven to be an abysmal failure. The 
"war on drugs," inaugurated by Praideot Rich-
ard Nixon in 1971 and renewed and ...... I.ted by 
President Ronald Reagan in 1986, has sweUed 
into a SI2 billion-a-year state eaterprise. 
which has had little or no dilcerniblc affect 
on drug COIIII&IIIIpIio and trafficki .. 

The very idea that we can aOmehow stop the 
flow of drup into the United States- thecen-
traI tenet of U.S. "drug war" 
policy - is plainly absurd. 
Considering that the global 
drug trade is worth an estimated 
S500 billion a year(S300 billion of 
which comes from the pockets of U.S. 
citizens), the S5 billion or so that the U.S. 
government currendy spends to try. to keep 
heroin, cocaine and marijuana out of its d0mes-
tic market is like spitting into the wind. 

Confirming this is simple. During the '80s, 
the street price of cocaine continued to decrease 
faster than drug-enforcement costs increased. 
While the Feds earned brownie points for head-
line-grabbing cocaine busts (a 1989 seizure of 
47,000 pounds of coke won the world's record 
in this category), the overall supply remained 
unaffected and prices remained low. 

Nevertheless, U.S. politicians and agency 
types have yet to admit defeat. The drug war 
philosophy is thus: If it ain't working, escalate 
- we need to be more militant and we need to 
spend more money. In 1986, when Reagan 
launched America'ssecondwsrondrup, it was 
tagged at S1.5 billion per year. By 1993, it was 
costing Americans over S 12 billion (about $6.5 
billion in real dollars). Politicians spilled nearl)' 
70 percent of this total into national and interna-
tional drug enforcement. A paltry 30 percent 
was allocated to education, treatment and 
Nancy's inane "Just Say No" campaign. The 
reason for this illogical expenditure is clear 
enough: elected officials earn political capital 
and federal drug enforcers get well-funded agen-
cies. 

Of course, America's crusade against drup 
is more than just a story about wasted money. It 
has Iwd ill human and moral COllI u well. 

Following the same pattern as drug crusades of 
the past, politicians and police have aimed the 
war on dru~at America's poor. During the '70s 
when cocaine was chic among affluent whites, 
the public response WIS very different than it 
was in the 'lK)s when crack hit the streets. One 
emphasized the need for treatment, the other the 
need for enforcement. 

The oonsequence of this latest drug crusade 
has been the wholesale application of "get 
tough" measures sueh as the 
hypercriminalization of crack and minimum 
IClltencing for drug violations to "clean up the 

H8Ihen Eltini~ 

streets. "In essence, this has meant two thinp. 
First, inner city poor have been jailed for drug 
offenses at increasingly high rates-often for 
simple street dealing and other minor offensa. 
Second, federal prisons are becoming increas-
ingly overcrowded with non-violent drug of-
fenders. According to a Sentencing Project 
study, the number of drug offenders in .the' 
federal prison system has increased over SOO 
percent in the last decade. The statistics are 
similar in state prison facilities. Cunent drug 
laws havecriminalized and impriloned aaizable. 

. See LllALlZI, Pale 6 

....... ,., ... ,. U, 19M 

COMMENTARYI The w~ 
on drugs bas proven to be 
ineffective, oostIy and morally 
bankrupt - ~ should be 
decriminalized 

A NARCOTIC 
HISTORY 
.1170 - The Comprehensive Drue Abuse Prevention n 
Control Act conlOlkI8tes drug 
laws and sets penalties for 
trafficking based on percleved 
harmfulness of each Illegal" 
subst.,ce. 
• lin - President Nixon 
dec'-es the nation's first ·war 
,on drugs," 

1171- The Federal Drug 
AdmInlstnltlon (DEA) 

COIIIIlr8iSl authortzes 
IIhftll'e.l!mem acenc:tes to 

of dn.C dealers, 
'J1C"lJDI, .... money, real estate end 

.1114 - Conaress enacts 
mandatory minimum prtson 
sentences for certain drug 
offen8es. 
.1118- President ReagM 
decI .. a ·w. on drup" and 
.,nounc:es he will seek stricter 
laws aptnst the production. sale 
n use of JIIeC8I drup. 
.1118 - Con&ress passes 

. AntH)nC Abuse Act, which 
stiffens peneItIes for druI 
posMAlon and requires the 
president to I .... annual druI 
control strIIteO. 
.iNI-WQr1dwIde heroin 
produc:tlon reaches l1l'i aI!-tIme 
hI&h. President Bush appoints 
William J. Bennet as ftrst director 
rJf the new Offtce of National One 
Control Polley, 01' .drug cut .• 
.~_ - The .5. Suprane 

officials may not 
acquired with druI 

owner Is unaw.1I d 
of these funds. 

DRUG MONEY 
Since 1983, federal ~ to combat 
*'CI his Increased by $10 liIIon. 
EJIpedIbns for enforcemttft 11M held • 
about 66 percent of the total, CCII11I*ed 
to IbcM m tor edllCIIIon IIId tnIIIbne"t. 
Here .. the ..... '" millions: 
1.200 ,....-r--,.--r--,.-~ 

800 t---+-+-

'85 '87 '89 "91 'i3 

Go TO JAIL 
Since the Introduction of mandatory 
minimum sentence for certain dnC 
violations In the ~'8Oa, the number of . 
drill offenders in federalll'tIOnS his 
pm much faster than ROIHInc 
ofNnclers (ft&utes In thouunds): 50,........,..-,.-....,..-.,..-... 

20 f--+-..,j-

10 

"85 '87 .. "91"93 

Tia. UCSD Cuardiaa OPINION 5 

COMMENTAIIY: The battle for affordable hOusing at UCSD is part of a greater struggle for education and social justice 
SQUAIV!'ING FOR AFFoRDABLE HOUSING 

., F_ ..... , a direct reftec:tion of the InIc value of L propoaI include the claim that there Complex. At UCSD, lib the rest of 
ContrlbutlrW OpInIon Writer the oa-campuI bousinao it'. a direct." is a "1Kt ofltudeatinten:st" forCllHlp the Uc, oureducation is second prior-

"All of you are aonna have to . r6cd0noftbeadminillration'lprice- housina- ity. We are on • campus where op-
leave by 10:30 tonight,· Revelle', aouam. tecImiqI_ -Many UC c:ampuscs offer der- pression is symptomatic [e.g. a pam-
AaaisIanI Resideot Dean uid 011 the oUCSOisbighlydependentonthe native forms of housing (8erteley, tionecl campus resulting in a pam-
..... of our occupaIioIL "We're pmfita!hatcomefromtheprice-pa- Santa C'mz, Irvine, Davis). When aU tionedstudenlbody;anundemocratic 
stayiac" - our <:cl......aI manaa. inI of houaina feeL In fact, ma of is said and done, e~ve housing A.S. (e.g., Teuk's mise1ection); no 

Havia& met our acNdule of occu- our fuaure CUIIpUI wiD be built on the fees ahould not be a fIIctor in the FCC lic:enaed rldio station; and the 
pation (Wed., May 18) and thus sub- revenue from our houaiat feel, oot univenity selection process. illegal approval and <XlntnK:tion of 
eequently !lavina &hat in the face of ourenmlIlDenlfeeL 11Uais evident in The laek of low-income housing at R1MAq, and legal, sociaJ and eco-
the campua power ItnIdure, we, the the adminisbation· ...... ive mar- UCSD bas wide impli<:ations forCaJi- nomic injustice run· rampant. 
aqUllten ofBlalte HaU, have .. forth kedoa ploys 10 .... re !hat a miDimal ........ Is .. fomia educatioe. With the eoonomic The generaillUdent body's IacIc of 
to ea&iIIiIh low-income housing. amouaI of vacaacies exist. . crisis iD Caliinia, tile Cal State Uni- awareness of tha!e issues further edi-
UCSD. The problem fa III is clear. o'J'be net profits of Houaioa and Incrl...... venity (CSU) and UC system have fies these fads. The GIIIU'tliIUt itself is 
Just look uouad • our a:laimed Dini. Servicee, Inc., are channeled clstIIlCtIon betw.... dealt with bUd~ cull very diffe~ntly. also. fault: guilty ola lack of analy-
'Campua ofQuarlz' - a viJtuaJ fraD- into a central ~g debt pool UBed the... lioii ~ the CSU has dealt with budget cuts by sis sod critical JePOrting, and subse-
c:hise of the bourpois subculture - to pay for and cstablisb new bousioa ~ lowering the quality of education quently guilty of the perpetuation and 
and oompare and contrast these fads projec:ll. For example, the studenti rich"" tIIat of tile through the reduction in the numbers maintenance of delusioM of grandeur 
about the way our yuppie farm is run: living in the Revelle Residence Ha1ls, poor. III -'r.ct, the ofel_offered, departmentciO!lUre5 -IS rendered by the Regents and the 

o'fbe UC system is raaIted • the which were built in 1967 for $28 and layoffs. In contrast, the University other pimps of education. 
"ICOODII-most expenaive public uni- million and which have been paidi)ff CSU'" UC ofCaJifornia has dealt with the budget The housingcoalition's proposalis 
versity tp attead in the U.S." (College multi-fold, are financing theconstruc:- .,...... .. pIayIlC cuts through ~ hikes. multi-tiered: We are calling for au-
lJoanJ's College Handbook. 1992). lion of the new Warren Residence the role ~ 8OCI... The result: an increasing distinc- tonomousIyrun,non-collegeaffiliatec!, 
This is largely a result of the exorbitant Halls (complele. with enough fringe- tion between the education of the rich low-priced housing to be established 
housing fees established by Houaiaa benefill to make the Pope happy), clasl ....... 1ettI... and that of the poor. Students Oflower- in the cunently vacant facilities at the 
and DiniJlgServices which, because it which opened in the fall of 1993 at the only certaI. people economicstalusattendCSUsingreater Revelle Mudhuts. Space prioritization 
is oot 1ltatHubsidized, is in the posi- cost of S 17 million. tIurAa..... (1IftIuent:f number because they are unable to will be determined by financial need. 
lion tp run a profit-making business. -The vast majority of on-campus ......... afford or cannot get aa:epted ata UC. We will be a co-op independent of the 

-The administration claims that it housing strudures have been paid for white naeJoIItJ) .... As a result they end up receiving a current co-op community on campus; 
wishes to maintain equitable housing many time. over by previous resi- ke apI1M' others lessereducation than they would have we do, however, cite theirlong-stand-
mesforaUstudentaoncampus. ~- dents. A large pertentage of housing·" • a Uc, which lowers their ability to ing sucx:ess IS tile precedent on which 
ever. it uses such marketioa tech- feeais UBedto pay offotherdebcs,not behIIId (the poor/ advancero higherinoome brackets. In we expect to thrive. We have no hidden 
niques u 'Early Bird' regisntion, to pay for or maintain the structures. ....... 1 .. ). effect, the CSU and UC systems are agenda. We only hope to further en-
which provides housing to certain in- oThe recentA.s. proposal 10 imptc. playing the role of social-class fibers, rich and diversify our educational ex-
dividuall. reduced rates. ment an affordable on-campus hous- If you don't use them right it could be letting only certain people through perience throu&b the establishment of 

. -The going rate for on-campus ing cO-op wu rejectlCd by Housing dangerous. You can't just go in there (affluenl/white majority) and keeping an i.nstitution that will provide an envi-
housing and dining services is ap- - and Dining Services. III reasoning: with Ajax or bleach.- What Barrett others behind (the poor/minorities). ronment where students can live free 
proxima&ely S700 per month, per per- Director of Housing and Dining Ser- faiIcd to mention is that each and Obviously, the fight for Iow-in- of exploitation. 
IOn, verius an average of S400 per . vitudeLany Barrettclaimcdthat"[we every apuuneot resident on campUB come hauling at McUCSD is only a 17rere will lit a town haU meeting 
month, per person for housing alone weren't) sure how good a job would is given the privilege of maintaining small pieceofa larger issue. We must willi administraJor$ and students 10 
in the surrounding La Jolla commu- be done on [theeleaningJ baed on the the hygiene of his or her living area. question the UC power structure - disclLU the housing co-op proposIll on 
nity. The S700 on-campus rate is not type of chemicals that have to be used. Further reuo .. for rejecting the A.S. the Militsry-Research-University- WtdnesdayalSoIis HaU 107 at5 p.m. 

, 

Earl Warren's come home. but now he can't find his favorite 
bench-toppers! Somewhere on campus is Earl's lost gavel, 
law book, and coffee mug. Circle all three items and bring 
this ad back to Earl'e Place before 5/30/94 for your pick 
of one FREE 120z Cappuccino, Latte, Espresso or Mocha. 

Earl'e Place is located in the new Warren Residential 
Complex. If you get as lost as Earl just call 534-5977. 
Hours: Mon-Fri 7am-1am 

Sat-Sun 11am-1am 



6 OPINION 

ffi.ieiiis-eat"m..\\-----' --l 
I J'~at ~ CAFE I I When you buy one lunch 'GAllDJ I 
I Monday through Friday, we'll I 
I treat a friend of YOUf'$ to I 
I LUNCH for FREEl I 
II Harry loves UCSD. So he's inviting all " UCSD students, faculty, and staff to 
I join him between II am and 2:30 p.m., I 
I Mon .-Fri~ for the best meal in La Jolla! I 
I · BREAKFAST SERVED AU DAY "-........ -,..-.. I I 0tI0r .. p. 6Illlt4 I 
I 7545 Girard Ave., Downtown La Jolla (619)4S4-7381 I 
L Open 7 days a week. Mon.-Sat. 5:30 am-2:3O pm. Sundays 5:30-2 pm • --------------------~ 

Considering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~U 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you' U probably be. w<X'king (J) it until 

the minute it's due, it's agool thing we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
41J-1111 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

LEGALIZE: 
ContInued ........ 4 
number of Americans. 

PerhapI molt disturbing. drug war fervor has 
effec:tjvely crodedcitizal'sQvillibertics. Durin, 
the late '~ Congrss granted PJlice and drug 
agencies the right to sei7Je propettiea cars, real 
alate, stercoequipment- that were bought with 
drug mooies.1n pnctic:e, "bought with drug m0n-
ies" meant Sll.fP«Ibl to have been bought with 
drug money. In 1993, however, the U.s. Supreme . 
Court clamped down on this flagrant violation ft 
the Constitution. But the court has not amsis-
tently acted 81 the watch dog. Other drug war 
unoonstitutional practials-1OIDe written, many 
not - have gone virtually unnoticed. 

America's moral and PJlitical ~year~1cI 
ausadeagaillltdlUp bas proven tobu biUeipill 
to swallow - and IS legaIizas 1IJUe, is' much 
worse than the disease. As Robert W. SWcCt, a 
faleral judge in New York who advocates the 

MODciay.llay23. 1994 

lepIizatioe of drup, hlllIid, "I doa't 10k it'. 
a 'war 011 dnIp.' It'll c:ancer 011 oUriocidy." 

The immediate benefits of outright drug 
IegaliDtioo are obvious: It would desaroy the 
multi-biUion dollar dlUg martet. It would end 
drug-related violence. It would free billio .. in 
drug enfm:ement money. It would create rw-
enue, via taxation, which could be usod for drug 
education and treatment. 

But uleplizers freely admit, it'slikc jumping 
into an abyss. It might be !hat IIaIf of the United 
Slates would IIIrt SIIIOkiIl8 aack or shooting H Of' 
dropping acid. But thia is unlikely. If we use the 
Prohibition. a clue, Ieplizing drup would be 
harmful, but not detrimental. Clearly, drup such 
IS marijuana are relatively hannleas- much l_ 
ao than alcohol. Other drup such • cocaine and 
heroin, however, could exact high social c:osts. 

These are diffiaJlt issues, but the i~ng 
costsofprohibitiondemandthatwecomidertbe 
option of Ieplization. Because, like it or not, 
drugs are here to stay. 

The Guardian is ~ccePting applications for the 
following editorial positions on the 1994-1995 staff: 

-Opinion Editor 
-Associate News Editor / Features 
-Associate Photo Editor .' 

Bring resume, clips an~ cover letter to the Guardian office 
in the Student Center, Building A, in care of Eric Schmidt. 

The deadline for applications is Wednesday, May 25. 

TOTAL TEST PREP 
Applications 
'90 21,000 
'91 33,000 
'92 37,000 
'93 43,000 
'94 52,000+1 

No. of SPICeI 
'10 17,. 
'11 17.000 
'92 17,000 
'93 17.000 
'94 17.000 

YOU WANT TO GIET THROUGH THESE DOORS 

THE COMPETITION HAS NEYIR IlIIEN TOUGHIR 

WE ARE COMMITTED TO HELPING YOU GET THIER. 

We are the first MeAT prep company to provide a complete 
suite of pre-med admissions services (C.h.e.s.s.TN Seminars 
in Pre-Planning, Applications, Secondaries, and the Inter-
view) free to all H yperleaming students. 
We are the first MCAT prep company to publically commit to 
admissions tracking for all our students. After your test 
scores, this is the statistic that really counts. 
Our expert instructors will guid~ you through the most 
meetings, hours, and most in-class testing available for the . 
MCAT. Optimal pacing and motivation, in addition to our 
thorough review materials.give you maximum gain. 

A 
~ 

We Set the Standard. . < IrAT > tam 10 """ ~ " 455-1000 
.JIIIII • ~ J A ... 

!J !J 7t1W;:'filJ:JJlJ/M 

Moaday. M.y23. 19M The UCSD Guardi ... NEWS 7 

C~ton Stresses Unity at UCLA 
By PhIIpM ...... 
Special to the Guardian 

President Clinton marked 
UCLA's 75th anniversary by call-
ing on college students to meet the 
challenges of the future with a 
renewed sense of optimism and 
unity. 

lenges and new frontiers," said 
Clinton, adding that students will 
be faced with a choice between 
embracing the future or recoiling 
from it. 

"The choice you make as a gen· 
eration and as individuals will 
make all the difference," he said. 

"Many say that this generation 
of college graduates is filled with 
pessilJ'lism.... What I have seen 
today is not a generation of slack-
ers, but a generation of seekers," 
Clinton told a crowd of 9,800 at 
UCLA's Pauley Pavilion. 

"As with every other genera-
tion in this country you will make 
your mark exploring. new chal-

REGENTS: 
Schools must keep up 
with demographi~ 
ContInued from .,.,e 1. 
figures from the UC Office of 
the President, 80 percent of the 
1,90.5 .UC students who partici· 
pated .in CAMP during the last 
two years have graduated or re-
mained enrolled at the univer· 
sity. 

MISHY said that the univer· 
sity needs to act immediately be-
cause an estimated 175.000 ad· 
ditional students will be graduat-
ing from the stale'a public 
schools in thenext12years. "It's 
projec:,ted that by 2006. Chicano 
'and Latino students will make up 
37 percent of the high sc:hool 
graduates, about .the same IS 
whites," Massey said. 

"The university is adamant 

Clinton's address, frequently 
interrupted by applause from the 
audience, was the highlight of 
Friday'sconvocation ceremonies. 
Invoking what he called the vision 
of John F. Kennedy, Clinton told 
the orowd that despite present 
problems, the future looked bright. 

"There's no reason to be cyni-
cal about the future no matter how 

about doing its share to educate 
this diverse group," he added. 

The diversity plan was 
adopted during a mostly unevent-
ful meeting that was at times 
overshadowed by President 
Ointon's visit to UCLA. How-
ever, the president's visit did not 
slop a Thursday demonstration 
by students, faculty and staff 
against the Board of Regents. 

With signa that read "Fire the 
Regents" and "Clop at the Top," 
approximately 150 demonstra-
tors maued outajde the James 
West Alumni Center where the 
regents were meeting. 

Protesters called for regental 
. refonnssuch uending aU closed 
"""tings of the board and mak-
ing the poaition of the UC regent 
an elected one. Many students 
were also critical of the potential 
undergraduate fee hikes while 
UC executives received salary 
increues. 

big our problems are," said 
Clinton, citing the end of the Cold 
War, the talks between Israel and 
the PLO and the 'recent elections 
in South Africa as reasons for op-
timism. 

As part of Friday's festivities, 
Clinton was awarded with the 
UCLA medal, the campus' high-
est honor, in recognition of his 
contributions to the nation. "Wil-
liam Jefferson Clinton is buil'ling 
a legacy that is certain to place him 
in the pantheon of great American 
presidents," said UCLA Chancel-
lor Charles Young as he presented 
Clinton with the medal. 

See CUNTON, Page 9 

Executive PaId ~ Ends 
Duri~ meetings at UCLA on Thurs-

day and Friday, the University of Cali-
fomla Board of Regents voted to 
eliminate extended paid leaves for 
UC chancellors. vice presidents and 
lab directors. 

The vote comes on the heels of 
UC President Jack Peltason's deci-
sion last month to no Ione,r recom-
mend paid leaves to university ex- ' 
ecutlves. Peltason had also a .... 
nounced that he would relinquish hIs 
own claim to any deferred compe .... 
satlon which he might receiw upon 
retiring from the presidency. 

On Friday, Peltason announced 
that he would donate his defered 
compensation to fund student scho~ 
arshlps. 

Under the old practice, h~nk­
I,. UC otrlclals would receiw full pay 
and benefits after retl~ne or leaving 
for other jobs. The policy came under 
fire as the university's budlet crisis 
worsened and cutbacks began to 
affect students, faculty and staff. 

-PIlI., M.eII.,'a 

$150 OFF 
USED CDs 

See page 15 

Interested in taking a practice 
LSAT, GMAT, GRE or MCATI 

Come to the The Princeton Review's PRE·TEST. 
Take a full length practice test and receive a 

computer analysis of your performance. 

SATURDAY, JUNE 18th 
at 4130 La Jolla Village Dr. ~309, La Jolla 

Call to reserve a spot by J.une 1st! 

- CALL 558-0500 

New York. at 1IIIj~motI"....,1'I 100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

A few of the thousands of reasons to buy a Macintosh: 
10. Ranbd the #1 oomputenalue bystudenta.· (Though Ramen 

noodles are Itill cheaper) 
9. BccaUICyou don't want to be roadkill on the infonnation 

~ 
8. They told you to network. We'w: sot it built in. 
7. Oftr 1 million students can't be WIOJJI. (No, we're not Wking 

about the Ramen) 
6. Power Macintosh. (Poaibly the best new hardware for OOS and 

Wmdows) . 
5. Three out of four students say the MacintOsh is the easiest 

computer to leam and uae.' 
4. Quicktime. It's me in-room movies. 
3. It does more. It 00ItIlesa. It's that aimple. 

But wait, there's more ... 
The two reasons that could send you to New York: 
2. ..... _ ••• _. __ ••••••••••• _ Your reasons here 
I. "liliiii (RameD theme optioaal) 

You know,it's a great computer. Now you 
can teU us about it and win II StyleWriter II 
or a trip to New York for yourself and a 
friend! Come by the Bookatore Computer 
Center for entry forms and complete 

contest rules. (If you need inspiration, or 
even a new computer, check out the great 

. deals available at 
............. the Bookstore 

... ·.1 1 
today). This f II "'1 I, ., II 
coold be your 
ticket out of 
here!EnterbyJune3rd,l994. 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyu 
.-. MttMbIehl Iluzu Acura D.ai 

Excellent refertncft from our uUBfIed customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $24 ! .$55) 
1. SpaIk plugs 
2. Distributor points 
3. CondeneenI 
... Adjust TIming 

Our tuns up includes a 101 more than others. It includes: 
6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
7. Check brakes damages . 
8. Check dutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 

5. Check and replenish all fluid 
and oH levels 

9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-polnt Major Service Special $84 * 
Extra for fuel-injtlcted. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 
1 .~_ ......... ......a_ 
2. ........... 11 . is timing 20. Lube front..... 28. CI1tIc* and ._-.... 
..... 12 dwIi".... 21. Chec:k & fIPIInIIh" bdIIiII. H ~ 
3 . ..... _........ 13: c:arb\QIof lUd&oiI.... 211.~"'(.~ 
(I"""" 14. " & fuel ratio 22. Chec:k eIIIc:IrIceI syslem 30. Chec:k 1ft=-

4 ..... 1*9. mIQn 23. Chec:k for 100M & los! 31 . Lube door 
s' lIIMIua..... 15 illllring box bob 32. Chec:k II 
. : ConIIIMM, • 18: CUIch 24. Chec:k brIkes 33. Chec:k cooling lysIIm & 
7 Nt.. 17 bnNI 25. Chedl ciJtctI '-
':01 .. : 18: __ gIIlC,bt81r81 28. Chec:klighll . 34. Chec:k.xhaustsystem 
t . a..... ... 19. ChIck & adIUII eIpoetd 27. Chec:k u"dII~ 35. Roed list 
10. I!ngN 01 belli lor damIIges 
_: Iar ...... CIIIIIdII 1211. T.,.. ...... II1II130. ~ 2OO6X .... a ....... pIugI. odd Pi. 

Complete $164 * I 
Clutch Job Brak~ Job $39* Specla I (rig. $80) 

F1onIOf_""'/fIb~: 5. ___ ..... 
1._ .... __ • __ ...... _111_' .. 

.... _- -- --

.. __ III tDrlll .... _..... 7 ..... ___ .. 
. ... _-- , ............ ....-..... _1InI1 
-- 4.II1II..,........ .. ..... 

.. ..... 

Timing Belt Special $99* 
-lrallll .. ,.... AlII ............. 11 In .... 1 ... All Ilr.ark hili 2.,.lr Ir 

ZI ...... III1.IItIll .. rrallly. All ,rica llelad. "rta lid 1.lIlr. 
.... -OVII seas X 8008 MIramar Rd • 

Lhll1Jllua AIFEI • 695-1990 
_iii .. &pill ...... 

CIIIDr ........ , ... 



8 NEWS 

- -

DANCE: Though many 
of its members are 
newcomers to the sport 
of competitive ballroom 
dancing, UCSD's 
ballroom dancers are 
gaining acclaim as 
leaders among college 
teams 

By Ellubeth McKenzie 
Staff Writer 

HEY STEP llIROUOH nfEIR ROUTINE Willi 
rapt concentration, practicing until 
each step is perfectly in sync with 
everyone else's on the dance floor. 
With a voice mechanically counting, 
"One, two, three and 

four," the group slips effortlessly from a 
rapid jive to a lively cha-cha to a slow and 
seductive rhumba. Though many of these 
dances are unknown to today's generation 
of college students, this group of UCSD 
students and recent grads performs them 
skillfully. 

Comprised of about 45 members, the 
five year old UCSD Ballroom Dance Team 
is a leader in local ballroom dance compe-
titions, having taken first place in the South-
west Regional Dance championships for its 
second year in a row last April. It's routines 

. are intricate and fast-paced even though 
most of the team started ballroom dancing 
only after they arrived at UCSD. For ex-
ample, Revelle College sophomore Dan 
Tong, a member of the team, said his first 
attempt at ballroom dancing was in a UCSD 
P.E. class. 

"I've always loved dance, and I decided 
to take a class in beginning ballroom dance 
[through the UCSD P.E. Department)," 
Tong said. 

Last year, the team grew large enough to 
split into two divisions: the competition 
team and the performance team. Ten couples 
are chosen for the competitive team at audi-
tions held at the beginning of the year, and 
those selected must commit to a rigorous 
schedule of practice three times a week. 
The performance team is open to anyone 
who is interested, and unlike the competi-
tion team, participants do not have to be 
registered undergraduates. The performance 
team practices twice a week for two hours 
each session. 

According to team member Alex Slizza, 
the students' skills vary greatly. 

"Some people are actually amateur com-
petitors, and some are here just to have 
f\ln," Slizza said. 

The teams' former choreographer, ball-

fm dance world champion Russell Munk, I ft earlier this year to open his own studio the East Coast, leaving the team on its 
n. Now, most of the responsibility . of 

oreography rests on the shoulders of the 
tree elected principal members, Marshall 

liege junior Syreeta Mussante, Revelle 
liege senior Melinda Dorin and Muir 
liege senior Phil Tsai. The principal mem-
rsdivide theteaching and select the dances 
r both teams' routines. 
"They deserve a lot of credit for all the 

work they do for us," said member Jo Pitzer. 
The musical selections for the dance 

routines are not those customarily expected 
for classic dances such as the waltz, which 
originated in the 18th century. Alternating 
between hits from the 19509 and haunting 
Latin melodies, the group combines tradi-
tional dance music and material with a more 

The UCSD Guardian 

- - -

- -

modern flair. 
"The music used is definitely not old 

fuddy duddy stuff," said Fifth College 
sophomore Michael &rron. 

Ballroom dance is divided into three 
types: standard, Latin and club dancing. 
Standard ballroom dance includes tradi-
tional dances like the waltz, the tango and 
the foxtrot and are usually performed by the 
dal)cers wearing formal evening wear. Re-
cently, some of these traditional dances 
have been adapted to current pop music. 

"There are still a couple of songs that 
you can do a waltz to that are more contem-
porary," said Tsai. "For example, 'Open 
Arms' by Journey. That's a very populu 
waltz. Also country music has waltz tim-
ing." 

Latin dances have modem musical ac-
companiment as well. The music bf Jon 
Secada and Gloria Estefan, for example, 

-

with the characteristic hip movements. 
Another Cuban favorite is the cha-cha, a 
versatile dance that can be sophisticated or 
lively dependill8 on tbe dancers' moods. 

Qub dancing is 'the third major category 
of ballroom dance, and it includes several 
American favorites. The hustle, the swing 
and the two-step are known more as social 
dances than competitive dances. The swing, 
originated by the big-band leaders of the 
194Os, is a variation on the foxtrot, wbile 
the hustle is a c1auic dance of the '70s disco 
era. 

In competition, proper attire is required: 
suits for tbe men and identical black gowns 
for the women. Regulation dance shoes, 
whicb coat uound SSO to $60, top off the . 
dancers' outfits. 

In April, the team competed at the South-
west Regional Dance Oampionships, tak-
ing home five of the nine medals awarded. 

can be good music to dance 
the cha-cha to. However, the 
team usually sticks to tradi-
tional Latin music when per-
forming Latin dances such 
as the samba, the rhumba, 

GUARDIAN It won first in tbe formation ballroom dance category, 
defeating competitors San 
Diego Slate University and 
the University of Nevada at FEHTUHES 

the paso doble and the salsa. 
According to Tong, "Dancing is another 

form of expression ... each [Latin] dance 
tells a certain story." 

The Brazilian samba's steps are full of 
swings and bounces, yet they are executed 
in a controlled manner to produce a fluid 
and even dance. In the paso doble, such 
swinging and bouncing are absent from the 
man's routine. 

Accompanied by traditional marching 
music, the man's upright posture is meant 
to convey the image of a proud toreador 
sweeping into a bull ring. 

Ouring practice, the plIO doble may 
segue into the rhumba, a dance which origi-
nated in Cuba. This romantic yet rapid dance 
presents a story of seduction. The rhumba 
allows the female dancer to show off com-
plicated moves, executing turning routines 

LasVeps. 
The following weekend, the team trav-

eled to Las Vepa to participate in a compe-
tition hosted by UNLV. Rivals at this event 
included Arizona State Univenity, the 
Claremont Colle .. and Utah Valley State 
College. 

The only mish.., the team faced oc-
curred in tbe Southwest competition, when 
Marshall College junior Jim Lockett 
dropped hi. partner during the "death drop" 
move of their routine. 

"Sbedi4ln't smacktbe floor or anything," 
Locken .. id. "I thoupt I [had] messed up 
our chancel of paing first place, but then 
we won anyway." 

Members of both the performance and 
competilive loami beton, to lbe Ballroom 
Dance aub, which, acc:ordinl to Locken, 
"tends to be focused on the fun aspect" of 
ballroom dancin,. The club holds public 

IIdII CIoft/GuMIIM 

aocial dances in the Price Center Ballroom 
two or three times a quarter. According to 
many team members, these dances sparked 
their first interests in ballroom dancing and 
they recommend them to any interested 
newcomers. 

"The best way to [get involved] is to just 
jump in and start dancing, " said Hartmann. 

If the P.E. Department doesn't close 
next year, the ballroom dance P.E. classes 
will be another opportunity for prospective 
dancers to learn the tricks of tbe trade. P .E. 
ballroom dance instructor Mike 
Vandergriend has supported the team con-
tinuously, beginning with encouraging the 
founding members to establish the team. 

Hartrnannsaid Vandergriendreally cares 
about the students he teaches, which has led 
many of his students to decide to continue 
dancing. 

"He does a lot to build your confidence," 
said S1izza, adding that t~e c1asaea are "very 
worthwhile. " 

According to Dorin, San Diego is .. tIw 
place to learn and practice ballroom dance." 
An abundance of ballroom dance champi-
ons bave come from San Diego. and team 
members recommend leveralloc:al hot spots 
for prospective ballroom dance students to 
sharpen their skills. 

Those which are most popular include 
the Starlight Dance Studio on EI Cajon 
Boulevud and the Marriot Hotel on Con-
voy Street. 

The Ballroom Dance Oub also sponsors 
a Fun Session every Friday from 2 p.m. to4 
p.m. at the Recreation Gym, and everyone 
is welcome to attend. Members .. id that it 
is a good opportunity to bruab up on forJOl-
ten dance moves and pick up on some new 
ones. 

For anyone interested in trying out for 
next year' team, audition times will be 
posted around thitd week of Fall Quarter. 

"(The team] is about a lot of people 
workin, topther," said T .. I. -h'. J .... a 
good experience overall." 

Monday, May 23,1994 

FDA: Doctor insisIs 
study was carried out 
appropriately 
ContInued from ..... 3 

RichmIIII insists that the study was 
carried out appropriately and 
that every detail was made avail-
able to the FDA. He does admit, 
however, that the form and tim-
ing may not have followed the 
FDA's strict letter of regula-
tions. 

Richman has been given two 
weeks to respond to the FDA's 
allegations or race possible exclu-
sion from further clinical trials of 
experimental drugs. 

"We will be able to respond 
to all of the [FDA's) charges," 
Richman said, "but we won't 
be able to reverse the embar-
rassment that has tainted my 
reputation and the reputation 
of my colleagues." 

UCSD received a warning let-
ter from the FDA in late February 
, requiring that it cease enroll-
ing patients for experimental 
drug or device trials . After uni-
versity administrators made the 
appropriate corrections, the 
FDA allowed the l'niversity to 
reopen approximately 800 clini-
cal trials in late March. 

UCSD officials said that the 
other two physicians who received 
FDA leiters currently remain par-
tially suspended. 

CLINTON: 
President praises UC 
accomplishments 
Continued from pace 7 

Clinton also praised UCLA for 
its academic achievements during 
the past 75 years. "UCLA is an 
example of America 's faith in the 
future, the ki nd of t hi ng that's kept 
us going for the past 218 years," 
he said. 

. University of California President . 
JackPeltasonechoeclClinton'spraise, 
noting that UCLA was responsible 
for convincing the regents that it 
would tie possible to expand the uni-
versity .to other campuses across 
the state. "From the borders of 
Oregon to the boundaries of 
Mexico, the nine campuses of the 
University of California have 
shown that it is possible to com-
bine raw access with outstanding 
quality," Peltason said. 

Recycle. 

The UCSD Guardia. 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
l.IIhtS end Sirens II a selection of entries compiled from the 101 book of 
the UCSO PolIce Depettment. 
MondIy, .., 11 
4:41 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a black Trek 950 Single Track 
bicycle from the Applied Physics and Mathematics building. Loss: $ 700. 
T ..... ',..,17 
1D:21a.m.: A 48-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested in Lot 506 for 
drlvlne with a suspended license, possession of cocaine, possession of 
syringes and having an outstanding $5,000 traffic warrant. 
12:33 p.m.: A 7~year-old female non-affillate was arrested in Lot 304 
for miluse of a handicapped placard. Cited and released. 
4:11 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a chrome GT Zaskar bicycle 
from the third floor of the Basic Sciences Building. Loss: $1,600. 
W ........ ',MaJ18 
2:20 Lm.: A ~ar-old male non-affiliate was detained at Lot 103 for 
public drunkenness and transported to Detox. 
U:OO a.m.: A student reported the theft of a black 1991 Ford Mustang 
from Lot 502. Loss: $31,000. 

_4:10 p.m.: A student suffered abrasions in a collision with a bicycle on 
the south walkway of Central Library. The student refused treatment. 
U:15O p.m.: Two male juveniles and one male adult were detained at the 
School of Medicine and Afth Residence Halls. They were released to the 
custody of the Border Patrol. 
Thursday, Ma, 19 
8:00 a.m.: A technician reported the theft of a pair of sunglasses from 
the Student Health Optical Office. Loss: $1.36. 
Ft1dII" Ma,2O 
8:55 p.m.: A 21;year-old female student was arrested in Lot 606 for 
drunk driving. Transported to Las Colinas Jail. 
8:20 p.m.: A 2(}year-old male student was detained at the Price Center 
for public drunkenness and taken to Detox. 
8:44 p.m.: Two 20-year-old male students and one 21'year-01d male 
student were detained at the Warren Apartments. Transported to Detox. 
9:00 p.m.: A l~ar-old male student was arrested at the Price Center 
for giving false inforrriation to a peace officer and for assault. 
10:31 p.m.: A 17.year-old female was arrested at Porter's Pub for 
possesion of a false identification. Cited and released. 
s.turdaJ, MaJ 21 
12:44 •• m.: A student reported a burglary to a Warren Apartment and 
theft of a computer. Loss: $1,300. 

NEWS 9 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next bair appointment tbink 
about tbese questions ... 

Q. 
Q. 

Whal is your bair doing 
tbat you want illo 
continue doing? 
What is your bair doing 
Ibal you fkm1 want it to 
be doing? 

{} Would you like some-
"". tbing MUl and different? 
Looll your best ever! 

summer 
sesslon94 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

Choose from two five-week sessions: 
June 27-July 29 or 
August 1-September 2 

An exciting range of courses from virtually every 
campus department will be offered this summer. 
Catalogs are available now. For your free copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, UCSO 
Extension Complex, Building A, Monday through 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., or phone 534-4364. 

2 lunches for the price 01 1 
Harryls Cafe, La Jolla. see page 6. 

1·800·CAR·FIXED (1-800-227-3493) 
Save Money On Car Repairs 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

TUESDAY-~ 
OUR FAMOU51~ 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
$1.00 Pizza DISCI 

Spm"doN 
$1.00 12-oL Been 

lpm .. doN 

WING NIGHT 
,...1,.. dill. StaInI fulfil ___ .... $5 

($3 with UCSD ID) 
.... $leach • .., ... 

from 1 pm-doIa 

Conw •• ~iIt ..... 
,... .......... Hott~I~ .. 274-ALES 

.100/0 OFF 
• all repalrs* • 
• will tlllI ..... I 
•• s.::..:wan:lS~D'1II! I. 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to 8.1"- Exit) 

'(-,--
_iIIlIo __ I. • II·' 7 ....s:30 ..... 5 ••. 8 ••• S I"" PEoPLE WHO 

• Me, .. '14 wi'. '0' 0'... UsE VI\L".;ur,.. 
L C",". h,I". 113"4. 

_____ ..1----------------------



The UCSD Guardian 

Between 
Landscapes 

Poems by Wai-Lim Yip 

UCSD Chinese Literature 

Professor Wai·Lim Yip 

will be at the UCSD BOOKSTORE 

Wednesday, May 25th from 12:00 to 1:00 

to read from and sign copies of his book 

Between LantlsciIK5. 

LJCSD 
BOOKSTonF 

PENNYWHISTLE PRESS 

For more information I 
call 534-READ 

~ AUTOCAD 
AuloCAI) Bl11 Locked .. AutoCAD Desigaer 
Now 8469!!: 
A 11371J0.00 eommerelol value! 

3D ~tudio Bel 3 &:: lPA~ Toolkit 

Now 8366!!: 
A 1111991J.00 eommerei"' value! 

Toolk~t {ombo 
'ReludiRg AutoCAD 1112 Loeked. A"luCAn 
Designer, 3D ~tudlo ReI 3 &.. lPA~ 3 

Now 8676!!: 
A 116746.00 eommerelal ."alue! 

• Versions: DOS (Designer, 3D Studio ReI 3 & IPAS 3 
available on DOS only), Windows, Macintosh, SUN 
Microsystems • Locked versions • Fully upgradeable 
through AutoDesk • $15.00 S/H per copy • All payments in 
advance • Purchasers must verify their full-time status 
and complete & sign eligibility form • Can only place orders 
May 25, 26, and 27 • Offer good only if 100 students 
participate -- so, tell your friends! Product will be 
available to be distributed June 7-10 only! • To order come 
into the UCSD Bookstore Computer Center on the posted order 
dates or call .534-4291 for more information. 

r('slt Bnuli\htrc fOllllmtc. t ('ClltCI' ,Y.'~K ~,~ ... 
;; :, 4 - 4 2 !) .-

And ou tho t you ~qld only 
~ord macaroni' and cheese. 

...... 1.C5751V160, 
__ ~ j(J(Ii "". (D.ROM 
DrM, 1fIJ'IfIJboft'.".-

IWriodf 1654«1. 

RWtt om.; you aU! take Ixxne one of the oountry~ best -seIq persona1 
computers" for incredibly low monthly paymen~. By 

~ for the. ~ Computer Loan, )'IlU can Thf ' A.pplt , COfn pt. tf , l (', I ll 
choose from the entire MzInlostt line or grab a ~ the most popular 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
til ~I I 
1 \( )( J . ' ' () I {' 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
........ FrfdIy 

• " .m.":3Op.m. Mon.·lhurI., " .m.-3II.m. Fri. - The .JA-
• UfttuIII ........ PfO'IidN IuIoring ..-..nc. 10 ..... 
denIa ""- nIIIve IMguIgIIi not EngIIIh MIl to r De d0-
Ing M)r\c In F,.nctI. GenMtl, -...n. SpMiIh. and ','IeIJwn. 
_ . A ~ _ on WIllen EngIII/1l1 ....... on,. 

~. c.I $14·2284 tor IlION InIDrmIIIon. 8IudenI CenIIr. 
Bldg. A. 1214. 
• " .m.":3Op.m .. Mon., Thu .... 8a.m.·lp.m .. Fri. - The GA-
• ......... 'WrtIIng WoIbhap pnMdMhe inIIMIUII_ 
"""'" .,."..,.,.. to ... IIudenIa .... wrtIIng projec:ta. 
tNiW ......... he wordfllllC'lUlnll*- MIl ~ 
.......... Slop byVad< IW 14070 or CIII 534-7344 to IChed-
.. ." ...... 11"'.ut. 
• 8a.m.oo4:3Op.m. Mon.,Thurs .• ea.m.·lp.m. Fri. -LM GA-
• 8Iudr .........-. c:- IwIp you IIIia q&.w willi 
lime ".".ment. ~ Mel edItIng.1eIIIboc* ....... 
mematy. ~ 1MdinQ. voc.buIeIy--Iapnwit. -
GRElLSAT/MCAT -'»II compt."u.ion. Slop by Var\( H .. 
4010 or ~ 534-7344 to III up • pe""" eppoiIlb , .. AlIa. 
.. y. on Illlloakout for IhoM \I8Ju.bIe OASIS SDIy SIc .. 
WorIcahapIend !he GRE Weekend ~. 
• " .m ." :30 p.m. Mon . .fri.- The OAIIS WrtIIng CenIIf II 
• he MMce for .. UCSO 1IudentI. We .... r one 10 one 
wrtIIng c:onIII.1Caa lot Iny IypI 01 wrting projeet-cadlmle 
papera. PIfIOMIaummenll. _n IIoriN MIl poemI. Our 
IIafI 01 trained undergraduaIM ~ help you become • more 
.tIac:tiIIe wrt.r. Cd 53-4·2211410 make an eppoinIrnent or drop 
by our oIIIc:e In !he okI S1udInt Center. Building A. roam 214. 

_y.oWay23 
• 10 • . m. - Tr.nafar/R_try Student. - Comm. of 
M.rahaM College ..-..t Dean'. Conterenee rm. at the 
Admin . Building. r-Iy) 
• 3-4p.m. - ... ...-. _ GenenIIIntannatIon .... 
lion - Find out how you can add .n international dimenIIon 
III your UC education through ltudy or _Ibroad. 0pp0r1u-
nItlea for .- In .. fioIda 01 aIudy. Financial aid app1i-
cable. Sludy Ibroed echelonhlpa ",,1IiIabIe. JoIn .. In !he II>-
lematlonaJ Cent.r Lounge. 

LECTURES 
_y.oWay23 

• 4p.m. - 0!vanIc ChemiItry Seminar: Prof. Prof. DaI ... 
FWlenetein. u.w..Ity 01 CaIiIomIa. R"'-Ide. "TlIIoI4 ..... 
... 1nterdwop .......... 01 ............ 11,11 , ..... 3500 
PIIClIic Hal. 

n-lay.AUy~ 
• 2p .m . - Program In Middle Ea1 S1udIea ~ra/SemInar 
SerIee: ~~AIgaze. UCSDDepartnwII 0IM-
1hropOIogy, "TIle c....... ~ 01 .... ~ 
Anatolian Dh4tap 1 ... 11 '"'fICt: /lilt Ardlu, Ie gl.t .. _.' 
HaSS 70n. 
• 5:3().7:3Op.m. - -e_ 01 ClllMllIIIocIata· - Sara 
...... ~ Sc:Ianco DMIIon. San a.go Staa 1.JnIvw. 
ely. The pNdlctlona 01 gIabII...mg durtnIJ .... nut ce'*'ry 
__ pmwtIy on ~ rnoct.II. ". .... gIwe anlntJo. 
cIuction 10l1li'-' MII_ ........ 01_10""" 
... them ........... ~ &1UIwmatIcI1Iuting. Aoam4301. 
• 8:45p.m. - ............... 1 -ComIIot ........ _. 
or .-. como lor !he ... timel RabbI ... gI.- till .... cIaIa 
01 the year~. The _ .... be ItricIy O&A. eo get ready 
10 "llump !he AIbbII" o..ta.AiYM'IIde Room. Cell 534.QIU 
tor_. 

-.ay. oWay25 
• 3-5p.m. - AIMM:h SemInar on MexIco Mel U.S.·MnI-
can A ... llonl: "The .... Ic.n L.bor "o.,.",.nt and 
CorponIIIIIII UncIar ....... - ~ SanwI8d. poi1lcai 
1CientiIt. UnMnIy 01 c.IIIomIa. 1IarbIIy. MIl VIIIing Ae-
...,., Fellow. Cenear lor U.S ..... Jdcan ....... Held It II>-
.. 1_ .. ~Centerecn.-Aoom.I ..... oI 
.. AmartcaI 00mpIaK. 
• Sp.m. -.,......LIpa ............... ·-A .... 
by"""" MIMIan, CogrIIIIIM ..... DIfIl ...... lncaa OCM. 
1Ipui ...... by IICNI8 MIl .. 00gnIIIw .... Dapw'I." 

~...". 
• 4:30p.m. - I .... F.., DIIIInguIIIIId I..ec:*ft ...... : 
.... Qage.UC8D .............. , ............ ......... 
.... ................. o.-AudIoIIunt, IIMIcIolanca 
IuIIdIng. For_InIo. CIIIIU4-1_. 

,...,.-" 
.1 ........ -1111 BInIc ... .,.... ......... HuMa, 
'llllaRDIfIlUCID.· ........ n. ......... U. II 
.., ... a.....,.....,. "-'3411, UIIIIIIft ........ 

HEALlH AND FI1NESS 
Ort .... 

.-IprfnIIN ................... -........,. 

.. .,.,.. .......... ,t, ............. ,auput. 

........................... 1" I_~an .. 

....... 01 ........ HIaIII...,. ",...", 
""""'''''-*'Y 

• Mon.WId., 11.U:IIOLIIIll.l:811p ..... ;....."....... 12-
1~.m.- ...... -A ... ~ ...... ...... by ........ HInIh ~ (IHA». GIl In ...... __ 
.., ... ,..."""'1 Fun, ................... .., 
Gad. .................. ll._ ............. I'orInlo. 
CIIIIU4-3174.~ 
• Mon. • .,.111.; ru.., 1000m. I lp.m.; WId., 11a.m.I lp.m.; 
'IlIIn .• 10&111. & lp.m. - .... you go an. WILD .... 
.... laX R~. did yau -.wi. ~ ........ 
..., I~ s..Ian?",.. '-'I, tuIy onby1 We1 
...., you .... -V ...... aepIIOol ~","_,­
III apac:t CIurIrV ~ .. paMc -. and moral HNIIII Eel. 
Am., 2nd Iocr 01 BHS. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
"""",,,,,,23 

.Sp.rn. - ....... Eu ........ AGIIanCoaallDnc-AC) 
_ In IN old 8tudanI CenIIr abcM ... Food Co-op. 
~ -...on, ............ aduOaIIan. (weeIrIy) 
... 7p.m.-............... c...... ...... -Canw 
__ we _ .. IIIIOutt ~ ...... ...... " 
..... WAC,lIMIto I0Il-'-. ~ 
.7p.m. - CIIIIa K .... , .............. - ...... 
IIry 8 In IN PileI c..r. ~ 
• 7p.m. - LaIMIIi ..., ...... '", ... , , CIIIwIII 
................ WIauMn'.AIaouraac.w.CouM ...... 
.. 1iMIMII . ..., 
• ':I.':3Op.m. - ......... II .. ..,... - lNa II • 
............. tor ....... __ wfto ..... ""'MW. 
........ ..., .......... """' ......... ~c.w 
... - ... ----1. ClllllIO-ll11, ... 1." 

_1nIO.~ 
7IMIIInM ...,. tl4 

• ,a,.m. - ItA ....... - "-' 1201, IIItIIoIr tIuMng • 
MUIA-...~ 
• UOp.m. -lRd 01-*'41"'1 Canw!alll .. .... 
......... a..~ ... ,......,.uap ........ .... 
... loa.m.,. ..... ___ ......... Iun CIOIII. I'NA. 
CII .......... 417..a .. _I11111.,....., 
........... - .................... - ... 
... a " ......... CllAnla _ ........ (CMI 

_ ............. c......L.auiWA . ......, 
.7..,.111. -1111'" DIIID .... at .......... Orgauut. 
....... _ ....... --...... ""'. 
............. DI I 1"' ....... _ ....... .. 
.. "'*-.... _ ....... ". ...... In ..... 
................. 0IRII ....... 41 ...... .... 
.......... 1111 ............ _ .......... .. 
UCID ....... c.u.r._ ... -'1101..".. .... 1 .... 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 

MINA, ..,. .... 
• &-7p.lll. -1A1QI~""''''''C-
iiIIy ...... - ......... on.r.GoocIIooII, ........... 
MII,aur ............ ' PIIciI CenIIr C-. 
• 5:3Op.m. .... _a. ...... - ............ In 
_ ......... 111 Join........... . ......... , ... . 
............................. , .... -' .... an 
....... .., .. CIId ........ CanIar . ......, 
.l:llpJi1.-..................... I_ ....... 
....... P' I .. _ ................ ,. at __ 
...... ,........ ................ and~l .. ft .. GI*IIn 
1ItangIa_ .. 1nID. ...... C11111JN1 • ....., 
.uap ..... - ............ , ai_in ...... 

~ .... WI .. a.. ... at .. PuIae CenIIr."-
..... adlanan I III .... ....... 
.7p ..... - ..................... I ... ~ 
...... In .. PItae CanIar. /WI, IDNA ...... 1DcIIIIn. 
....... JaIn ... ........, 
• ~ .... -~ .......... --.DI I 
... -0... ... wau--. ..... CenIIr III...., 
..., ......... _ ....... -.,....., 
.TpJiL-o,...DI I' ............... ..... 
- ...... CanIar ....... Coull. __ ....__..,UIBA. 
,....,., 
• .,.IiI.-.................... CIIIII ..... -M.,.. 
..". .......... 0I.......-.1rMIad. MMtIngI_In ...... 
oIa Center (MCC) ..... ,..." 

~ .... 
.a,.m.- ..... c =-C At o-w.-
____ .,."..? 'IUu Nt! Canw hIIII III .... 
__ to apand ,aur nawy. MIIIIngIIn .. w.- Cd-
..... IIucIInt AdMIIIa CenIIr. CSAC . ....... to ..,.,. 
~todayI{WwIIIyI 
.Ip.m. - GoMM !Car - Round ~ I'trza parIy. F_ 
PIza tor .. Ii*nlIIIwI CIIt to know ,aur IaIow Ii*nlIIIwI 

,.,.,. ... 27 
• 12p.m. - AA ......... - Aoom 1201. IIIaIogy IIuIItIIng • 
MUIR .... ,....., 

......,.. ... . 
• uap.m. -1II;IIIa ,... 0iMIa ................... . 
iiIIy fOaooMt - ..... ,au • _ - we.,. ..... The 
PlIO .......... QIIpIIr -1urItIa¥ •• :3Opm In BallI 
1111. COIMMWUI ............. .-w.III ..... , 
~ .......... ,..." 
EVEN1S AND RErnEATION 

. ...., ....... 
.-. ........ uc. ............... .., .... 
.... ~ ........ I=.c..~ .. _ ... 
.... 11:00"" ................ ". .... 
................ 11 ................... _01 .. 
eaatIIIIIIII ............ UCIO'I ....... $ _ ....... . 
.............. pta" la .......... _1rMIad ..... . 
........ ,_. IIIIIIIn. 1111 ....... pa_ ...... ... 
..... _____ -. UC8D' ............. 1110 
--.............. • and""",,,,,,,, Ior_ 
.............. --... ......... ID1.11k1-
....... _ ...... IOM ........... an ..... 

• .... ..,. .......... 0Mar ....... • 
" ,....., 

.1 .... .111. - ,. ...... __ ........ In.uu. 

...,l1li GIIIIry .......... ...,....,. ..... ... 

... • ...... 1' ........... 11.1 ... ". ....... .. 

....... " ............... IIMIIIIOuIII ....... ,.. 

........................ .-.-.... ..... 
In .. U.s. On ................. LInIII Fa. 
--.. ..... o.a eu.. ArtIanI, _llIne ....... ..... 
o..-.o..r.o. 

n-My.AMy~ 
• .,.m. -~c-Ia_compact 
dIIc ...... party .... 1t CACA. buIdIng 4111 UrMtIIyc-
... he .... open III .. puIIIc. ~ 

MIWt •• ,: .... 
..,.m. ..... III ... •• c-Ia - AecaIpIon 
~ ...... a.cA..1IuIdIng _ UrMrIIy c.w. he 
- ........ putIiIc. ~ 

".,.....", ...,.. 
.".III-GoMM !Car"""''''''' 8a11111r- .... pIaa 
._ ...................... Wa ........ _~ 
.... -,..aan.,...,aur ...... you ........ 
....... 

• .,.m. - uc. ....... CIiaIr - DIo.-. .., KaII ArwIM· 
eon. MnIIaIon: ....... ., ......... oIIzanI; ., tIcuIlyI 
.... For 1nIiI. OIl ...... . 

... ..... " 
.... .m.- ....... ..-..- .................. .-
.... .., lie -..- Danae c... 1nIwnIIII ........ ... 
.................... IINa . ........ ---.,...", 
. .,..... ..... ....... , '-"', .... -_ .... ... 
-LA. ..... poll .... 'Ilnn ... ..,.,...., ClIne ...... • 
,.,.... ...... _ ............... VkuelArtlPar. 
___ ..... !adjaalnt1Ow.....L-.aHall. WllltadIJII 
.. ~ ......... iaMoi .... II. _ ........... 
..... 

• 7p.m. - CWO '£AU:aIIonII" FIlII SalIM: A au.IDn 01 
C , II _ BollI HellO? F .... 
.Ip.m. - UCSO~ Dance Piogram "'-* ....... 
W ............. 0-c-1. lelturlng _I _eo-
...... _ peiIornMI by ..- 01 .. Danca Program. 
......--...... 11doea .. '12 general admIIIIon. '10 
tor 1acuIIy. 1tIII. end ......... _ . .. tor..-. Tlcl<1iI 
__ It IN UC80 IIOIl o.ce II the Prtce Center. Cal 
53oI-e487 tor more 1nIormatIon. 

SundiIy, AMy :If 
.-,... _01 UCID ... oIIiad --V Sunday" SprIng 
by" UC80 VIIIoi1 Piogrwn. Mfnl.VIrI tourI _ ........ 
..... __ .......,..oIeacII~. ~ It 3:00PM 
IUQm .. GInw1 ...... 111 ... 011 1'avIIoiI. Wlllking IOuiI _ "' • 
..... an aMinJIIIw 1undayI, _ IIartIng It 3:00 PM ""'" 
.. GIiIan "-"lIon. A poi1Ion 0I1III1amad ...., CoIIdIon 
oIMIIOor .,....1I1nCUIad. AIhaugh" tour II 11M,'" 
II ....... UC80 ............ R ... "' ..... _.-.rv 
_ mar 1Ie'- by caIIng ~14. 
•• .111.-......... 1 .... ~ .. IIIcII_an. 
..... ........... 1UQm8il:tl~~ 
.. ..... _oI ... DIagD~RaIWi .... ...-.FeM: 
.... 17 .......... 7·1'- ,.InID.CIIII ... 71iZJ . 
• .,.m. ..... , ............. : -nw car., w.r-
AIIiiIIIIIarr. ........ ; S4 ....... For 1nIo. C1111534oo401O • 
• • . m.-Jaa_ ...... u ............... peibm 
.UCID'e ......................... _iWIIId1llll ..... 
IWtIIn .. l.JIIIZ,.... ....... ,. .......... .,. 
JIIIZ ....... 1.; ............ One ,.." he I u • 
"""",,01""......., In .. 1. oa.n ..... 011-
..No 1ItIIIIIII .... __ .141ar ................ end 
.,11ar ......... UCID .. a.., PItae 0IntIr. 

CAREER SERVICES 
On...., 
.-~ - ....... ~IwIpIlwn ...... • 
IIanaIIn ,aur .............. _ -...or. I'11III up WI 
...........c... ........... ........ 
.1:0004:00 - MI. - eon.uter-11aH41 prIIIfWft 01 ca· 
_ ' ......... 1 daaIgMcI to 1wIp,au clartly ~ ........ 
....... ............. 'or __ Info. _ 10 ... Career 
leMoN c.n..r. '10. 

CALENDAR 11 

.-......... a.. ~._ ......... tor .. 
).wMI(jaII..." ........ tor ...... --. ... bagtnI ..... 
DtFliltcona, ......... OClH'T"SS OllfOn ........ 1O 
..... ,aurjab~ ..... - ...... ......,.......- ... 
cauId .... to • jab. C--c.r..r. SI0.00. 

AIondiIy. "-y 23 
.1:3Op.m. - .................. - Learn how 10 cr_ • 
.......... Ihat .... gil you the InIeMew In Il11o -.on _ . 
Ihop. Career Center. 

r .... y.AMy24 
• 2:30-4p.m. - IIiIIdng • ~: C __ • iii PuIIIIc 
PolIcy - He. IIbout job poeaIbMiH ""'" profeslionall in 
l1li field. ear.. CenIor. 

~1hy25 
• 1 p.m. - JaIl ....... 101 - l.Mm eucceafulllrIIIegiee lor 
locIIing • job Including netwon<ing. ear- Servicel Center. 

Th~y. AMy26 
• 11 a .m . - Orl.nl.tlon 10 T •• ch., Education p,o· 
gram. : K.12 - Find out abouleducallon progr.",. and 
the cred.nll.1 process . 

Frlt»y. AMy 27 
• 1 0:30 • . m. - Int.",le. 111111. - How 10 market your· 

.e~ In an Inte",lew. common quesllon. asked . and how 
10 prepare . C.reer Center. 

SUPPORT GROUPS 
OngoIng 

.-W-'. -c:our-aa(lrainecl byPl~. Servica) -
Need • oonIIdentiIII. friendly _ kl -'1 We ........ _.., Inn 
a ClllIor ..,..,. .. 1 .. 1111 .. 'Itfonwl'1 ~ c.r-

Monday. AI.y 23 
• 9· 108.m. - Utlno/Lallna. Chlc"""Ch~ Support 
Group - Leade". : Dan Munoz & Rafael Canul. Revelle 
PrOllOl1·. Building. (_Iy). 
.lla.m.· '2p.m .. l -Jp.m. - Wwnen'l _ CounMlInIlOl· 
flee H ... , .. Women'. Resource Center. (_kly) 
• 3-4p.m. - Adull Child,., of Alcoholic • • 121..,. _. 
Inll - Comfort and support for !hose who grew up in an alco-
holic home. fr .... confidential. drop In any time . Irvine Room. 
PrIce Center. r-Iy). 
• . :3().S:3Op.m. - c:omn-. G,ound - A _ty confiden-
tial drop· In group to disCUil. issue. oI .. lCIJal orientabon. Stu-
dents 01 all ....... orientatlona _ioome . Ber1<.ley Room. _ -
and ftoor Price Cenler. Led by Chell and Nancy. (WMk1y) 

ruesday. AMy 24 
.11 :3OIl.m.-12:3Op.m.; 1~ :2Op .m. -W_·._Coun­
....... oIIIce houri. Women's Reaource Cenler. (WMk1y) 
.12·1p.m. - ,.,..any .... _Ing_food_~ ..... 
.......... pIe_ corne talk to • peer counselor for RED 

~ ""'" Eating O_rsl during their new oIIIce 
hourIl H&SS 2058. For info. call .56-<1758. (_Iy) 

_nesday. AI.y 25 
.12·,p .m.-~oa,._ ........ __ ~ 

....-----.~?-.~ .... ronrnent? DIql by __ Ll. ~. 32!iO or eel 5301-3987 tor ., 
"""'''I •• wlha_~~.~ 
• 12·1p.m. - 0_ ...... AnonyInou. - For men.nd 
women who want 10ltop .ating compu ..... ty. Student Cenler 
Conference Room (by Soft Rae,"") . eal Satty H. 534·1253 
tor '""'" inlornwtion. (WMk1y) 
• 12·2p.m. - W_ .. 'a P_ Coun_11ng office hours. W....,·. ReIoutca CenIaf. ~) 
• 7-8:3Op.m. - Undwgr_. Gar _ 8 .............. 
Iupport Group - Providing a supportive and confidential 
environment. __ ty In !he South Conference Room. 

~ Center BuIlding B. Led by MIIII M. and JoH. 
71Iursdity. AMy 26 

.'01.m .. I2p .m. -W __ yow ownd,lnIdnWdrug 

...... that of • ...- ... _ one? Como .... to. trained 
peer cou ....... -no "... .... julllnIormItion and auppoiI. AIgo 
la.. Revelle CoIIIve. (WMkIy) 
.11 :3Oa.m.-12:3Op.m.; 1-2p.m.; 2:2Q.4:2Op.m. - W_' • 
..... CouneeIng oIIce houri. Worrwn·. RIaaun>e Center . 
(wMIdyl 
• 12·1p.m. - Gar.I.aIItIan ....................... -
CGuA.,I"I will .... - Haw. qI*tIon? ....... eupport • 
Iw _~".Iwnt? DIap by WInan Ll. Bldg. 3250 ... call 534-
arlot .. eppaII ....... nInId,.. couraeIar. ,....."" 
.1 :3O-3p.m. - ..... Qrtaf .... - FocIMI on lola 01 • 
IIMd _ ............ I8~ ...... Ledby AablnAMd-
1IpautdkIg. U4-37S5 ........ CIIII MIora owning. (weeIrIy) 
.2:»3_.m.-,., ....................... .... 
.......... pIeaM _ ... to.,..auaetor lot RED 
(Aacovwli18 fnIm e.tIng DiIoriIn) ctumg IIIIIIr ... oIIce 
IunI HIS8 .... For 1nIo. C1114S47111. ~ 
.4:»a:JOp.m. - MIa CIuII*M .. Malhlla, ,...... 
M .IA ............ - ContIdentIat ....... Iot_ 
.... wIlD ... to .......... grwIng up .... '" IIcahoIIC 
............... 1IwIr aduI tIae .... ut, .m. 1amIy dy-
IIIIIID.Iueu.y_lIDoIIaIIImwM "-.cI.1..ed by Nancy 
KIng MIl ~ 0emIgIIa. Call D44OII5Iot ~"'hilllDn. Held 
........ v:.w ...... . 
.4:3Q.4p.m.- .................. W-......... 
.... -PnMdIng .......... _ ......... a.wIroi_ 
...... .-y .... INIna Aoom, 2nd IGor 01 PriDa CenIIr . 
c.l8144117 .. _ ..... lIaMoi •. ,..,., 
• 5:»7p.m. - ......... Gar aM __ lien .. ~ 
part .... - Canw .. In. fItandIy MIl COI ........ __ 
...... MaIlIng WMIIIy In the .... ConI. Am. a.dent 0-
W.....,. 8 . Led by Mel! K _ ..... {WwIIIyI 

Friday. AMy 27 
• 11 • . m.-a,.m. - __ ...... C ........ oIIce houri. Worrwn·. AMource CerMr. {waMIyJ 
• 12·2p.m. - Come dIIa-. your _ -.. .... _ 
IIIoohoI __ ...... with Kan In ... _ welcoming 

lilting at the FIIIII College ReI. ute Anna. p_ CounMIIng 
0fIca. (WMkIyI 
.12-1 :3Op.m. - hn-AeIan c-*y '--Led by 
Jeanne M.".... MountaIn v_ Lounge. drop-ln. 
• 2-4p.m. - Alcohol anil Sub.t.nca AIIu .. Group -
L.d by O.n Munoz . 534·1578. c.n lor appolntment 
R.v.n. ProvOlI Bldg. 
• • ...,.m. - c-,ua .... '- -Lad by PhI RIIpIweI • 
534-0252. MountaIn View LoungI. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
MIWt II ill,. AMy 25 

.1Ip.m. -...,... ... at ....... - Serwd by l ....... n 
Cempu. MInIItry at U ........ 1ty Luthe,.n ChurCh • .crOl. 
IN .., .. t Ifom ......... CoIIe9 •. 
• 7p .m. - ...... ..., led by Cempc18 .... tor John 
Huber. Open 10". Un/ve,.lIy lui .. ,." Chu,ch • .crOll 
the I1raat 'rom ~.v.lI. CoIIeg • . 
• .,.m. - .... TlaJaa DMtIIIr..,..... .. Dull .. DIwIII?" 
...--... by campue P_ John ~. """ ..... , .... 
e-yorw waIoomI . ....-..y........" CIIun:II. __ .. 
_tom ....... College. 
• .. .3CIp.m. -1ncI ,aurllay willi .......... UCID CaIhDIIc 
CommunIIy 0IIItIi .... 1 01 .... It .. ~ .......... 
audi, __ ....... fIam ....... CGItIgI. 

.......... 
..:1 ........ 5.7,.,.m. -JoIn" CIIIIoIIc CwnnuIIIy..,_ 
1IIrIIng ....... ~ luIhIr8n CIIun:II. _ .. 
- ............ 0aIIIee· 
.10:111a.m. -~ CI .... "'..."... - Open 10 
-vona. UrWMIIy........,.OudI._ ....... fIam 
....... CGIIaga . 
.11 .... -".... ...". __ .... CIIrInMaiI ...... • 
-,. _ waIOonW. ~ ....... CtIun:III. _ .. 
... ............ 0aIIIee· 
• ...... -n.CIiInII .. ~ .. LaIIaNaIr ...... 
_.-y......., In Del Mar It 1271)1 ....., .. DrM. 

r 



12 

J. 

The UCSD Guardiau 

'When I see IItler 
It really triggers me 

Why aren t more 
poople waking up?" 

'Wilh the Card, 
you get lots 01 great 
offers So you can 

save on IIfes 
necesSJtles -
like a beach 

hat from 
J Crew ' 

"I love the 
travel cer-

tificates 
Maybe next 

year III use 
them to study 

the effect of 

"I used to feel weird 
because I was Into recycling 

Now I'd feel weird If I wasn't " 

KATHY DEWm, FIRST YEAR 
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE MAJOR 

I'm interested in shoreline ecosystems - beach preservction, oil spills, things like that. But until I 
got an American Express~ Card, flying to a faraway beach on my budget was impossible. Now 
I can spend my vacation with blue ocean water lapping at my toes. The €ontinental Airlines 
certificates I got with the Card make it easier to afford. And I like 
the fact that, with American Express, I have to pay it all back at 
the end of the month. The last thing I need is to pile up debt 

right now. I guess you could say I'm really into conserving precious 
resources. Including my money. 

Koaday, Mar U ,I9H 
MODclay, Mar 23, 1994 

SERIES: UCSD wins 
trip to College World Series 
eon .............. 20 
11-3 ..--four victory. 

DelFlvero, who had hit only one home 
run durina the regular MUOn, connected for 
two dinsers durinl pmc four in addition to 
an RBI double. 

"Coach FIetdiertold me (before the pme] 
that I wu shifting forward and needed to Illy 
back. It paid off, and the rest speab for 
illlelf, • said DelFavero. 

By the time Cal Lu put together any IOn of 
rally, UCSD already held a 10-0 lead. A four· 
run fourth wu just pan of the Tritoo'slS-bit 
barraae which exposed the weakness of Cal 
Lu's pitchinl staft'. 

So it came down to the fifth pme, and the 
main question wu whose pitching staft'would 
have just enough left to cam I victory. 

Cal Lu, showing little confidence in what-
ever remlininl pitching it had, threw Arroyo 
Ind Weiss back It UCSD. Yltes countered 
with a fresh arm in Mike Bryant. 

The Kingsmen jumped in front in the first 
when Sebbo and Becker hit back-to-back 
homers over the monster wall in centerfield. 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

UCSD chipped away It th~ lead with runs 
in the third and tift" inninas, including a 
Ricky Ramirez blast over the left-field wall. 

'Yates sent in Luhrsen to pitch the fourth, JMon AIUI8I (top) celebratel wInnInI run In ...... 1IYe. 
and he held Cal Lu in check until the seventh when tbroulh with RBI-sinllcs, promptinl Weiss' departure 
pinch·bitter Kirk Fellows belted an RBI.cJouble to give and giving UCSD an 8-5 lead heading into the ninth. 
Cal Lu a 3-2 lead. Two misplays by Miyake allowed Flanagan, who entered the pme in the seventh to 
two more runs to score for the Kingsmen. stifle the Cal Lu rally, took the mound in the ninth three 

But UCSD wouldn't die, and in the seventh Weiss outs from victory. With two outs and thetyinl run at the 
began to tire. Ramirezsingled and went to second when plate, Flanapa forced Ed Campaniello to pop out to 
Sanchez reached on an error. Bobby Arban followed Arban in right field, and the celebration began. No team 
with an infield hit to load the bases. Up stepped Jason had ever won in the West Regionals after trailinl 0-2. 
Aguilar, who added to his collection of key bits with a "We didn't care that they were up 5-2, because we 
10ft single to 1eft, scoring Ramirez. still had three innings left to get them back, "said Y .... 

Throughout the series, the Triton crowd was loud "I just had the upmost confidence in our guys." 
and supportive, but when Quandt blooped a sinaIe into In the end, UCSD outmanaled, outclused and 
left field, the audience erupted and Arban crossed the outplayed a Cal Lu team that learned that hitting isa't 
plate with the tyina run. The comeback continued one everything and that bullpen depth and sportsmanship 
out later when DeIFlvero, O'Brien and Birk all came are just as important to a peat team. 

" 0 U A, ~ ~ : ~; ',i i TEO • • 

UCLA 
SUMMER SESSIONS 

Session A: June 27 August 5 
Session B: July 18 - August 26 
Session C: August 8'- September 16 

Also Special 8 to 10 week Programs 

• Open Admission 
• Simple Registration - No Transcripts Required 
• Summer Courses Carry Full Academic CredH 
• No Out of State Fees for U.S. Residents 

Call for a Free Catalog 

1 • 8 0 0 • ·3 2 1 • 8 2 5 2 

SPORTS 13 

"'~~ V(J)V C~,!!t~1 s;U:toa::aits 
P':OOFESS'ONAL' AffORDABLE. CONVEN' ENTLV 

LOCATED IN LA JOLLA. 

I SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE PACKAGEr I 
FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 

4 •• -.'., OR 4 •• -2 ••• 

CONTEMPORARY PHOTOGRAPHY. 563t LA JOLLA BLVD .• STE . C 

FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
VERDE 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

CAR. WASH ~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OURWATlR 

z.@ 

-r-UCSD 

I 
Le Jolle villego Dr. UTe 

• II I J :"1 Dr. ~ ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS • A~L SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHE~L GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETInVE PRICES 
----------------------! Full Sarvlce ' 3 99 

: ~?~6~ P!! !~~! .. ~ 
I OR WASIl Not valid willi any oller oller. SAVE S4.2! I 
I Expiw7/81i4 
.. - - - - - - - - _~_ - - ;.. - - - - - - - - - _I 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS .' CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES 0 60's, 70's, & MORE 0 FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MIUTARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 

. F A I R M A IRS 
4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 

'--___ ..JJIPIN 7 DAYS 0 222·0220, ____ ..1 

• No ......-.... lUIIr. 
ffHMIA,... 

••• 



14 SPORTS 

Tune Ups now 
$30 jomwrly 135 

FREE tYe ...... dllJ NI~ 
Repair. Cia.... -
Meet at 5:30 behind the shop . . 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456-8REW 

College IOIprooI 01 age required. 

The UCSD GaarcIiaa 

DIn McOoweIl/GunM 
UCSD' ....... '. CIW COIIIPetMIIII ... ~ 8t the hcItIc eo.t ....... C ............ I ... 
CREW: UCSD 
takes on West Coast 
at Lake Natoma 
CGnIInued from .... 18 

In a two-boat feature race in the 
relatively new sculling class, UCSD 
was unable to defeat SacrameldO 
State and settled for a second-place 
finish. . 

The IClJlling category diffen 
from the ot~ divisions, which use 
the "sweep" method of rowing, in 
that the scullm row with two oars 

KOALA: The 
vanquished lJlarSupial 

COItIl.~ld from ..... 20 
some rat-butard that knows not of 
such virtues as loyalty or generosity 
- had forgotten to bring the beer. 

• Calm was restored when two val-
iant GlUlrdiIuJ staffers decided to 
sally forth and bring to>oar puched 
lips the aforementio~ libations. 
So another three hours or so of bat-
ting practice ensued. 
, Once the game finally began, 

however, it was immediately evi-
dent that the KOala staff was in no 
mood for losing. With a crazy gleam 
in their eyes common to indigeneous 
Australian pouched mammals about 
to defend their children or lose a 
softball game, the oppositionjogged 
onto the diamond to take the field 
for the first inning. 

It was with shock that we real-
ized that several of our arch-rivals 
were (and this is the incredibly un-
believable part) drinking "",,-alco-
holic soft drinJcsl A wave of appre-

All 
HAIlan'S 

: Men'I' 1Ibmen's Iq. SI5 
includes shampoo, 

1 cut & blow dry . 
: .,1IIt .... IHIcoM 

:~c~: 
I HAIR &: NAILS 1 
I ' 1 I~""'·"""""'I 
I 6710 MJa..-r ltd. 11M I 
: IIehbICIII'I,Jr .• ..., IG-7, SIL 9-4 : 

t;j(}:(};!JJlJ 

apiece. In the sweep style of racing, 
each member of the crew uses only 
one oar to power the boat through 
the water. 

On the men's side, the Tritons 
took on the West Coast in four dif-
ferent events. In the quad event, 
which draWl ita name from the four 
rowen in each boat, UCSD brought 
home a thinI-pWle overall finish by 
placing. 

The varsity-four event was the 
aite of another terrific race for the 
Tritons, who managed to reach the 
grand tiDal race, where they toot. 

hension swept tbrougb the suddenly-
silent Gurdilm bench like a bout of 
diarrhea. Our mouths didn't .move, 
but the eyes of the GlUlrdUut playen 
told all: would the Koala ac:tua1ly 
manage to pull this one off? ' 

Then our first batter stepped to 
the plate. Eventual MVP Dan 
·Sweeners" Sweeney roped a solid 
tripleandtheroutwaon. We scored 
11 runs in tile first iaaiag, helped by 
Koala fielding that ... weD, you can 
fill in the inevitable Padres com-
parison IS well as I can. 

I will admit, however, that for 
the first time in recent history, the 
~oala defense managed a three-up, 
three-down inning against us. It gave 
them a glimmer of confidence that 
we pounded into dust by scoring 10 
runs the next inning. 

But in the spirit of good sports-
manship, .,1 must concede that the 
Koala definitely scored in the double 
digits, something that must not hap-
pen again. And once they had given 
up on the game and their sodas and 
started drinking like real men, there 
was a lot less complaining as we 

solid third place behind local nem-
esis Univenity of San Diego and the 
powerful squad from the 1)niversity 
of Washington. 

UCSD's final contest was the 
men's novice-eights race. The men 
had a poor heat race and were rel-
egated to the third final, which pits 
the teams which finished in posi-
tions 13-18 in the heat races against 
one another. 
, The Trito .. earned a respectable 

second place in the third fmal 10 
tate home a final West Coast rank-
inaof' 14th. 

were sunk our cleats into the sun-
bloated flesh of their roUing corpses 
and rounded the bases · for the 
zillionthtiine. Having theother team 
self-combusting In the throes of soft-
ball-ineptitude really cuts down on 
the whining. . 

Defensively, we were more than 
equal to any weak grounder or shal-
low pop fly our oppoaeota could hit 
..... With a fleet footed outfield J1 • 
and the "Three Dana" infield, the 
Koala was foR:ed to rely on the ' , 
occuions we were moved by pity to 
let them score. The 12' runs were a 
little too much pity, however -
next year we will be unfeeling, cold-
hearted softball machines incapable 
of such weakling emotions. 

But enough of reminiscing on 
past victories. We must start prepar-
ing for next year's Diamond Anni-
venary Battle for Softball Su-
premacy. There is much to be done, 
such as figuriilg out how to sUde 
into a base without spilling your 
beer. It will be hard work, butthil 
team is prepared to make that kind 
of sacrifice. 

SUM MER J __ 13-Sqt.19 
5 C H E 0 U L E MOd.- Fri., 8 lID - 4:30 pm 

Cased 12-1 pm for lunch 

W A L K - IN: UrpIllCare 

APPOINTMENTS: WomeD'. 0iDlc, pIlytical eum., travel 
pbylic:alllllCl iaunuaizatioa, dental cl 
optometry 

COS T $75 fee provides ulllimited Urpnt Care visi .. duria, 
lummer. JUDI ... an c:Iw8ed Fee.:for Service ralll. Our 
uusl ~ ... for pIlarmacy, deatal aad optometry services 
will eppIy, 

INS U RAN C E UlldelpdIIaIes an lb'oDIIy urpd to COIIIiDue 
coverap chlriDa summer (VIP • $209). BNab ill COY .... call 
_h III daim dealal due to .............. xdalonl. a,....., 
ialCmatloaalllld IMdic:aI ....... wIlD carried aSHIP clurina 
Iprin, ...... 1Iliea11y COVIIed for IUtllmer. 

OENERAL INFORMA noN 
534-3300 
INSURANCE REP 
534-2123 

MODday, May 23,1994 

GOLF; Tritons 
are runners-up at 
national tournament 
ContInued from ..... 1.8 
and beyond the call of duty. They 
stepped up when they needed to." 

It wu truly a two-team tourna-
ment, despite the 24-stroke differ-
ence between Methodist and UCSD. 
With the third-place team from John 
Caroll47 strokes out of first place 
and thefourtb-placeteam, Skidmore, 
finishing another 16 strokes back, 
the scores were stratospheric for a 
championship tournament. 

"The rest of the field didn't 
have a good tournament," Wydra 
said. "This courae was easier than 
Torrey Pines [site of last year's 
tournament] and the scores should 
have been lower. But it wan pres-
sure-filled situation so some ofthe 
other teams might have been a 
little tight," 

Another factor . in the scoring 
might have been the Great Lakes-
style layout of King's Grant, with 
water on 13 ofthe 18 holes. 

"Most of the other teams just 
kept . plunking it into. the water," 
Wydra said. "That might have added 
some extra pressure. II 

This year's National Champion-
~hips ,was only a preview of what the 
Tritons can expect next year when 
. Wydra hopes for great accomplish-
ments from his team. 

In addition to veterans Hartford, 
Brown and Campbell, a fully reha~ 
bilitated Shafer wiD be ~k. Also 
joining the party will be last year's 
freshman sensation Pete Roberts, 
who redshined this year. 

The UCSD Cuardian 

OM MoIlo_.1 G.JamoMi 
Tom Brown fired • four clay toteI of 303 to take 11U1 ... NCAAa. 

By the Nu .... . 
Hae _die _1eIIIIII .... UCSD"==: In 
the NCAA DiYiIa DI NIIioMI 00If 'p. 

4, AbnIhem ____ .73 ___ 70 __ 73 . __ 77 
11. Tom Brown 73 __ .75 __ 73 __ 82 _ _ 
12. Mike ._,,0"'--__ ... __ .. 79 ____ 74 ___ . __ 78 __ 73 
31. Brock ShereI: 84_' __ 75 __ 80 __ 73 
40. ArnIe CempbeII __ 78 __ 78 __ 82 ._. __ .77 

Donn. one of the 45 ,... 
chronic IIeadIcIIe suffInn - help is 
MIIIbIe, Dr. .......... CIII 'put 
heIIth bIck In wour lift. CIIi.., aile 
trellment InC! "1Iiflment 01 the 
spine his pIMII very efflctlwe in the 
relief of mifline InC! stJeSMtatecl 

~M~~j 
heldlChes, .. 
CIIIN;IiCtIc llso effectiwIJ helps 
• Auto. work InC! sportS quries 
• 1IIck, ned! InC! joint peln . 
• Flli&ue, Immune system disorders 
. I FREE INITIAL EXAMI I 

~ ... --. 
889t CenI8r Une, SuII8 110 1-5 lit u Jolla VlIIICe DrIve 

GUARDIAN ADVERTISING. 534-3488 

llan aDI, I. il ... 

rjii •• iiiiciiiT -, r CiiI.&ft fiBW--' 
: ID'I. OFF :: 824- : 

aD .. · 11 ~.., I 
,. ..... 1.0. 

SPECIAL: 

·1_ ... ..-
• UoIoII 3 COo ....... _ , ..... void ...... .., 

_ oIferI • e.. 1115/94 

• MUSICTRADER 
1OM __ .... 1 .... 

M113 EI CIiOn _ , (CoMIOI 462·2214 
10114 Gemot (pecillc a .. clll 212-2214 
2218 II CItoIno liioi 'UO ....., 43t4433 
3112...., Dr. (Sporta Anne) 2n1777 
447 .....-., (E1 CIjon) 444-2274 
411 .....-., (CIIuIe vi.c., 5&3412 

I. 

.. ----------~ 

•• $US' $315' 
..' ... 

'AI Ins II'C ucII _ bo.d 011 ........... 
IUIM& _1'IlI1nCUiIII~.CAlI 

bCIIWwaIcIoIIcIt~ 
""111 ..., ..... " 

Council Ir •• 

SPORTS 15 

P TOM E .T R Y 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
-- SUNGLASSES- T EYE E~"AND~'-

SPEC~ : (;LASSES $20off* : 
I 

, 'MY ""~ IN STOCK. I 'SINGlE VISION, CR·39. SEU:CT FlWIIES. 
~ UTC~N:T~ ~OR~;ES 7-'; i94 -45"5 ~ 10"52-

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELD" COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
.. PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE 
'1.1'1. 3 C COPIES wtthad ,8:;, ~ . wh Ie pap"r , 

32U Holiday Court (next to Domino's Plzzal 452·9949 
H 0 U R S M T h 10 & FlO 6 SAT lOll," G 7 J <)4 

with UCSO 10 

Affordable Dental Care 
We're raking a ntW little awroach to dental care, Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and carine treatment at alfonlable fees. All in a 
small but brand ntW .!mtal oiflCC with vi.ko& and CUrTeIlt reading 
material to put you at ease during your visit, 

We're committoo to doing our ~t to provide 
~mti~. cosmetic, and restorative dental care to 
keep your dental bills down, your mouth healthy. 
and your smile bright, Call us today, 

Something to l 
Smile About: I 

-a9OO Check up, I 
X·rays. I L J V T\;:..~ Om 

oral cancer screen. I A OLLA, ILLAGE Ut.N lAL CE 
gum eKam, I James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
cleaning (Jocs not ' _ 
include gum I General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
treatments). I Most UCSD insurance acrtpud • Rtlaud. {ritndIy $ IIIlIIOS/1hm • VikolS~to • Mtmber ADA, CD'A, SOCDS 
.Reg. 97 I La JolJ4 Vill4ge Professional Center 

:;:;.~ I 8950 Villa La JolJ4 Dr., Suite 2103 
'-tt,uoJ..J. I T Of' Floor , jWl behind the Eltphand3ar 
E.,.,., 61~ _ ...J E \!tiling & Salurday appointmenlS O\'Oi1ablt 

1·5 at LaJoUa Village Dri\le 558-3490 

~ Round Table Pizza 
-INTRAMURAL TEAM OF THE WEll 

IMIY~""'W"" The nome of this leam is obviously misleoding . One of our rougher 
sports here at UCSD is Ihe Men's 'M Innerlube Wolerpolo. There 
is more pushing, shoving, knocking oul of lubes, ond generolly 
rough ploy in this. division thon any other in IMs. This is definitely 
nolo division for ponsi.s. In focI, the winners of this division 
usually are some of the sludlier guys on compus, Well, Ihe Ponsys, 
or sluds, sure proved 10 be The Team OfThe Quarter by winning 
our toughest sporl. Congrots guys on a big victory! 

,..--------, 

, . 

--------:..-----------------~-



'.' 

, .. 

l' ClASSDlEDS ,... UCSD GuardiM 

\\\111 \11 \11 \1'" 
T .............. -' ............ .. 

~ .... , ...... ,-.... "'-.-.. .., 
............ c:.I~1. CMI4'II 
Ian 0 .... •• only gay ._0, 1_ 10 
".11111...,..,1"1 .. _ . CII Crall. 
• ·0141. (111-1/11) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
I!uiepI onIr -. .... Y .... " •• c.tI .... 
~,........III IM' ..... "., TlIMII. c:.I 
'10.3M4IIeO, ~ (AI. (MI-WI) 
.... 1 lTUOY _ .... "10 ... LaJola. God 
II ..... IO'IIOIN"I """ II1II _ III Il1O 
...... Horo',,,, open door to 0...,.... HIe 
"-III In ...... way. TIIo Wold .. 
God IIIMne .nd pcIftrfuII 'or ~. 
...... or 11M --.re. call JIm ......... 
...... (110'12-810) 
IL.IANOft ROOUVILT COt.UOI LOGO 
...... Cel. II IlION. DIIdIInI '" auIImI 
....,., ..... 5, 1"~"-aII,e.r. 
......... o..ee ..... codaOOlll· ~ ......... 
...... 2 UCW. III1~ 

INnANATlONAL EWL.OYUENT ..... I4Ito 
~14OOOfnao.lladllngbMlc~" 
EngIIII III Japan, T ....... or S. I<Di-. No 
-inti llaclieround or Allan 1IftOu .... 
NqUIred. For ~iIoI"'" , .. (2DII) 132-1 .41_ 
M71. (3t'28-I/2) 
CRUISE 8HP8 HIRING Elm • .., 12ODCWmo. 
011 CruIIo 8IIIpI or lMCI-T _ COIftIIIIIIII. 
a.-11111' ...... ~ ........ 
Ncio .... IIo .. ~.FOf~ ... m.do .. call. 
~ II(. CIIe7t. (3t'»tI2l 

ALASKA IUIIIIER EIIPLOYMENT - Eam 
up to ''.0lI0+ In two morothe . Room.nd 
boardl T,.ntport.ttonl Male 0, F._Ie. No 
.. ~ -..y. call (206)5411-41156 
'Id. Ml7 • . (414·5121) 

WoiIiInI_1II 011 Mer_ ........ , 
cIoIohn .... 1 .. 21. weaIiIIaya 7:46-11:11Ia.1II .• 
4:0().7:3Op.m. and ..... s.uday nIuI'M. Own 
"lIjiOillllOnand~"""'''raquI;M. 
7SIi-I172. (!I/2.e/2I) 

........ .... • Homaf t50C».OOO waeIoIyI 
F_InID. SAlE Ie: P.O . ... 22781, s.n OlIgo 
CA 1121112. (4I2Ii-5/23) 
ATTN COIIIlIlAoIORIIIIAKa ......... 
IUIII_ .nd gain v.luable __ experience 
lor you, __ . CALL .... ·~.Ior 
." lilt_low, "ual be wllll"ilio ralocato lor 
IU_. Tho South •• t.rn Company. alnce 
I ... ·. (5/19·5121) 
Camp COunt.toll & Ho,nbaCk RIclI"iI 
,'-. AoueNn8 M Day Camp In. SF ley 
AIM. ..... be avaIlIbIo eno-ane. have apoot. 
and,.. Gal (5'0) 283-3785. (515-6'2) 
SU .... ER JOBS FOR .. EN AT CATALINA ' 
ISLAND CAMPS. Summar C.mp a.aka 
W.lor·,kllng. S.,H"iI. Cllmbl"il •• nd Archary 
In.tructo.. and C.bln Counaololl . 
Exporlence Doalr.d. Llfegu.rd C."lflcatlon 
r.qulred lor •• tar· ,kll ng .nd ,.lIlnll 
,",I,uclo ... 110'141114 to 8/23/94 . •• 2& wk + 
roorn/boerd. C.1I310· 410·7 .... (51.2·5123) 
HirIng: DIM'. Photo. 2 IocIIIona: 011 ..... . 
KaNn at 7112-I11III8. La Jolla. TOIII.4&4-732Ii. 
SUS/hour. pert.time. 15-30 houra/WMk. Photo 
.xporIenco hllpllJl. but _ '1 trlln. (51.2·5123) 
ATTN GREEKS: STILL LOOKING 'OR " 
,UIIIIER .10.7 ... ka .1564 po' _k .nd 
g.'n v.lu.bl. work .. porloneo lor you 
.......... CALL • .eoo-atO-4III for Int.rvlew. 
.. UST BE WILLING TO RELOCATE FOR 
SU .... ER. Th. South_,torn Compony. 
,Inca I .... (51.9·5/28) 

ARE YOU COlIN IIIM7 DO YOU LOYI A 
CHAI '......,IIAKEI1....,, 'n .. hIIdaaI 
__ job In ArnorIca, call.e<JG.21().411151or 
." "*'vIIw. Muat be ~ to rMIcIII lor 
_ . THE SOUTHWESTERN COIfPAHY. 
SINCE ••. (5/1"5/21) 

r-------::-

Jim 

"-' A8MeInI. a....I ............. 
.....". p.~ . .... _.,""'!IS 
... (l(lNI2I) 

...,....,....,111 011 Mer _1or3 c:NtIiwI 
_ .............. and .ltW .... ~ 
It 72. (I(ItHI3., 
PMIM ..... Av ......... Manypoalllono. GNeI 
1IanoIIIa. CaIII·IOO-~ Eat. ~-3H7. 
(5I18-t/2) 
GanIrI!I 0... Iuay pn!pIIIy _.....,..,. 

oonopeny.Gooci~"""-""" 
... , typing &0-10 wpm . ........ ~rI, 
'p-5p.rn.. P par 1Iaur, 41.-3222. (I(I"1W2I) 
TH! NATION'S LEADER IN TIST 
PREPARATION SUKS DYNA .. IC 
lN8TAUCTOA8'OR ntE lAT. LlAT. /IKJ 
MCATPAOGAAMII, ENERGY. EHTHU8IASM. 
N«JHlClHTOTSCOAESAMU8T. CALL __ 
0e002 ........ IoU'. ITARTlNQ PAY "JJHA., 
10.12 HAS.MK.III/23) 
....cT_ ... ~II .... ...... 
CIIIagI .... Ior ............ ...... 
........ ___ ............... a-.-. 
'11lIII0.'_. Tagalog. ~ or ....... Cal 
23NOOO lor ~ (IIo'ZM(.i) 

Eam up to 13.000 In ......... 1 IIIOftIHy 
1.-. .. "anagIng Aepr-.uv. for 
E_OII TotocoI'IIIiIulllcaltonl. Set you, -. 
houri. No quotaa to _ . can Anthony 421-
4743. (5123-112) 

.--.. CAIIIP .IOeI S1LL AVAILA&.iI 
YMCA ~ CampI In .. ___ 01 

~. Oo_ldIoog opporIUnIty lor ........ dadIopo,"" ......... III )IIUh ....... . 
Ma!Ia oounaoIor podIona ............ a... 
.... fI"IIIWft - 1IiOIiI a boInIlncWId. c.lM 
HIo:t!oIIon .. 7~. ~. to IIIWIIII on 
CMII'UI1ntorviow. (5f23.5121) 

PTDII~. M-F. 10-3. 16/11 pM tIpa. 467-
4Il:10. (5/23.5/21) 

ScIIniIIc AoeNrch OOIIIIIMY ,..... per-. to 
WOlle daY'. parI-lino. DuIIII: - PJIYIIIIIt. 
daIa anIty. fling. 0IIIcI e.parIoiolCl NqUftd. 
MIc ......... lQlhIIpU.I7.5Or'hr. Cal5III-3IIOO, 
PMry, (5/23) 

FITNESS REPS NEEDED, SporII MInded 
IndIvtduIoII ,...., for FUN ....... ~ 
WIle , ... 11 .., -.d AIIIIIIIc e- In your 
local .,... CompIItoIy IIOxl.. lind IIIgIIIy 
profIaobIa. Peldcomm. parEwni. NcioInYwInIIonI. 
We poovtdo .. training and"-". II you _ 
motIvJJoJd _ -*I .. .., auI!IIdIze your 
1_, pte_ cal lor dOtoIIId 1nID. THE 
LIBERTY GROUP. Inc, .-IIOO-1IOIi-1012orl1. 
...... 1.(5123) 

PART T1ME SAllYSlTTER ,...., '" Dol Mer 
.... 10& 7,.., oIdJ, Houra_ ....... MondIy. 

w~.'~y.~. ~ 
trwlljiOi1alloo .. Cal MeIndl or __ -.... 
461-142 • . (5123) 

1Eam17li-'100+ par ...... P.T. Muat'-........ 
cor. good ow. Ga;jnMI 0-. o..ty & 
SaIaa. ~11I5O Of 211-04.0. (5/23) 

Deltal 

an 
MotlvCl ·IC.,~:ettl~5a:::>ea ke r 

May 15~~~.k:i' 7PM 

, by: 
~~ "L..J.c:::, '~ £> 
Interl'rate~ ':'Councll 
Panhellenlc ASsociation 
"~ belt things Jft life aren't· thlnp" 

CAAECIIVIR .. 2 end 4 ,.. old III .... 
.... • 0.., ............ _ ....... P/ 

tw.~.NO ... _ ....... ~ 

a.ldc:..:.,., .......... alBf iii'''' 
,*", ",., .... "1IO"wIIII. SM-04a2 ... 
8:30p.m. (It'D-6'IIt 

!am .... ,aaolll .......... ...... 
................ pr_ ..... 1Wo for ElICOI 

T~ .. your _1Ioura. no 
..................... c:.I,.,..." 
.... 7 ... ~ 

..... aa.- _Iew-. ....... taw 
IiaidIng ... 110 .. "' • ...., ...... ...... 
CcIuIIly ..... c..r . ............ lion. 
11:»2:30 . • oaan .... c:.I ... 7III-42IO. 
l!t'Dl 

... ~L8. .... MDdan, 40MB. 
IMIM.""IIIIIO. ............ oa. DeIIi.,oa 
cabo . ... 7544. (I(II-IIISl 

........ ...... AIiiIoII ,.., IT "" only 
"110. ~ ........ Uaed "" onIr ,.. 
...... GaIIoog IOIIpr boInI, noad IIIIIIIIY. 
c:or.aa,.,., lor ........... IIt'tI-IWII 

FOA8AL!:1'2' AUSTYSUAI'KWIOI7&;F" 
SuWlmalltaD; V_ c:IaInar.,.. .... + 4 
.... 110; l1iIw w.y toor lamp 130; olio. 817-
1172. ADIIIIt. (11(11-1(2) 

"OR SALE: BED ~ .. lDI I!wM + 
~ ...... ) Il1O; Ceramk: toor ~ lamp 
U ; oonIIIa phone 130; oonIIIa phone wi 
.--. ...... 146; "'-tne IiiIIIhInI 
120; Cob' TV Il1O; VCR .. ; lilll d _1'1 
........ 178; ~ _140: .... e;III: 
daak lamp • cabo. 17&-2013. (I(I~ 

....CIIr. ..... uealI.C ............... 

.......... .., ...... _.~L ... 
0474. ... ...,., 

.117 V .......... _ ....... IODc. UK_ 
GIM .............. 1DaII. ... 111-1013. 
(111""'" 
'~ I'LY I'AHI WaI!IeI ........ to 
............................ 0., 
....... L.-..ng1D MIy.I:2IIp.m.;&lMIy 
, •• :2OLm.O"'l72Ic:.I ....... ,..,l!t'Dl 
".0 aE .. /40 ./lloyballll, IIIOU.. . -
.. 01 ..... III .....,.1 MaowrIII. Wonli • 
e-I ................. IiIUCIh __ 
• eo. 463-71141. (SlH-St'3') 
FrtandJ ~ ,_ - ...... COlI MaIa1II 
0., ........ IiIiII/or , ..... 0., ........ 
AGund .,. '" 0eI0Iand. TlIura nIgtoI '" Monday 
IIIDIIIIng. .... ,i •. (llD-MII) W_·. 8cIIwInn World Spon. a-. QooII 
0IIIIIIIII0n. Ir ,,-, Them-prool 1UtIoo. 
,, ___ ......... 110.00. 122-
0164, (1IIH-1W2I) 

MOVING SALE: GonuIne 8oIoIIac MuocIe 
........... ......,II1II ............. ,..." 
......... tlfll' .. ~ .... ' .. ,'t .... 
...... dIIf; ..,. and .... III .....-y. IlOO. 
.,..7114. AIIII.(W3-e/2I) 

.............. : DII",ooodbacl\ 111' .......... & 
-. • moa. alii .., • •• T..,- T....e: 
ClaM ..... 1tIw1llllll. I3l00 . ........., .... 
trI-".1nnIf _.12211 ......... : ......... 
__ 8110. a.- '-'W/I!aM: 'I • . DaaIt 
& limp: '146. Huge" caI!InIt 8110. CO ___ 
"110. AI cabo. CalI(jMt-4IINGIID. (llD-1W2I) 

< 
ADADBICE· AldIllcnoIlanalo ....... aIIJope. 
moaIIy c.mp,. a.aJST !lEU HOWl "'.00 
obo. 270-3088. ROIl. (11123-5l1li 
.T.nlOfaond~ ... andtabloondcollea • ------------
t.bIe . Good oondItlon 1210 obo. 5 ... 457.. CONIIER1WL£ - Red '17 o.un FtoedJIar. 
(51'''5121) .....,. ........ buldapondabIo.luYyt~ 

ollar. ADII~. (!t'23-8I31) 
Mounlaln 8Il00: .11. '11.5' DIao~ BocIc 
T_.GoodIlOldton.e.r-Ior"25.00. 
Cal 457-4211. 15/'''5123) 
1"11 Elite eo acootor. Gr •• 1 .ulll_' 
....,....,...01 ElooeIIaI ocnjIIIon. 1700 cabo, 
Inc. hIImIll22-lI8IIII. (5111-1(2) 

McMng .. . ................. MaIchIng 
CloIk bodr_ .. . "- bocI/aIUaII, ..... 
_, + ..... Sony CO CMIaII, "". + 
........ AI '" graI!I aIIJope. call an ... 
3010. (!II 1I-e'2) 
COUNnIQ CROWl T1CQTS PUR IALiI 2 
....tIIbIe lor .... ollar. CAll. ~ ..... 
........ 15/'.5/23) 
F ........... ~ I!wM . • yr aid. 
....... 1M. Cal 415-3277, 15/1 Nt'23) 

8pocIII daa9I ..... unit lor IN.- ..-. 
~"_IN.-""'[I' I tl,. 
wII*!. 110ft. daIII8pIIco doubIoaI •• 00 cabo. 
561-1053. (II1N/2l 
• ..,VW.lola. 5"", 4~ .• JNf. .-. , IIID! .. 
new peInt. ~ _. "7110 cabo. Soan 
18M202. I5/INt'2I) 

Cc!ftopoMr ........ ,or .... : .. c--. and 
dona CPU. CMIen PmIar. WoII!I graI!I "" .. 

"~_WIIIIII,...,.~ 
II1II .... 111· onIyl38OOIID. C114I7 ..... (II 
I .. II/ZII 

PROTECT 
YOURSELF 

Insurance II;r: 
• Aulos 
• RenIer'> 
, Homeowner') 
• Hea IIh 

F'f'P Ol. "', _[;("·1:,1,1. '"f' H 1"'\ 
Gno~ ~~lJrlt'n! ;) ',I fil)';h 

~,!rrt{, 11, .... dr,II~LI' ,~ql·l! • 
ol.l',11 £1f1.1I1"1: Ilr ";'~II: 

11'1 fl11: IJCSD .lJl,' 

453-UFE (5~33) 

HPQ)( QrapIoIc ExpenoIIoIo CaIauIaIor. ___ 
RWIIIII. quick .." guide and CIII'yIng _ . 
BrInd .... _ Hawr I!OOd. Muat .... Cal JIMy 
I56I-14II, (!1/23) 

F!IIIIN'II .... , ..... wi8urwvDI. "'"' ........ 
poIII. IlII00. CalIIIiNI17. (!1/23) 

FIoIJotoladaa. w..-, .... 7.5.,...,.atIy1nnlf 
_.8110. CllII5HI17. (!1/231!1/21) 

............ .. : .r ,.,., ... ~ TlIundar 
AoIod .......... awdIIon. "00. c:.I __ 7311 
ovoningI. (~ 

Sur1bolrd: 1'10' ChInnaI IIIIn!II '" Menlo 
DoaIgn. Board leg and 1IaIh. eddie 122-0IIII. 
(5123) 

SUN FEBT TICKETS! '.mlll". J._. 
CIwIiIIanI, ToIII, ~ CIudI, 80' .... _ .. 
_. Juno 1211. AYAH: 270-048. ~ 

S-:HondIa..,. '--....... Indudaa 
_II1II1,..... ElICIIanI eonc.on. ~ 
cabo. CaI __ ..... (!t'2Ur'2) 

·'Ud. ToyotoCornry. I43OO, 535-0718 KIm. 
(5I23-St'31) 

oUIln ...... -'I'IAMI.I' and .... FAT 
"'juaI, ....... Try .............. 8odrToning 
c- for juaI 130. c.I -'1SI74. l.Mw 
........ ,,-.......,. (It'D-II3') 

.... w-n DIgIIaoI_ HI) ........ ~ 
1211Wo11o. CII .... 817-1721. ~ 

"or RoN: UIMIIIIy OIly ......., ConIIoI: ~ 
___ 2 bill. ••• ; ~OOI'" U ~ 
"271. J4Itt I . ~ ........ (4t'2.-813I' 
, bIdooOIna, •. 5 .... ..a.CaillnDCIIarII,U 
........ IIO!-...y ........ m ....... 
(415112) 

n4AftP!MM.EACIOMMA~I...-.:t"'''' 
UnIooNIIr CIIy .... 1IIeINIII'I .... IIlIl7So 
.. par IID'III,.. ./4 ...... QuIlt, IiIaIdfr 
0IWIr ....... CI!IIoM .......... Own _ 
......... (4IIIHII 
PUR -.T: UIMNIIy CIIy 00IIdaI ........ 
I .U.4,1"*- .................... 
_ . 1710 to 12.000. 41I-0I0' . LOAD 
REAL TV. (III-MII) 
__ 1ubIIt Own ..--...I'UANISHED III 
4~ I .llIIIIIoonIIo."""". CalONg. 
517·7011. (!1/2.!1121) 

0'M0i ...ocfoI. PUll • ., III ..... 
". ................ 0lIl. I ••. 011 
...... 7Oa ...... 

...-..................... 1 

.... .,0 jill"'" U'" ...... 
",-*41 ............... /4..,. 
011 ............... ......, 

, ................ ',1' .... _ 
UY'C,UCID ... I ....... c:.IHIIII7II44U. 
(IIMI) 

Vlelll", ~rofe_ .... 111. 1 .... roolll 
IIeuIInI tor AI.-e 1-.,. W. 134-e171. H. 
114-1717. (1112-1128) 

..... SuIIIat Two ........... to .... 

.... 111..,.,..., car .... \\WI __ ,., 

............ CIO!III dJaII ~ .... + .... 
.....,...~ ... ''''...,. (I(I~ 

au .... ER ROOM AVAiLAILE. IIIfChIuno 
tlnuthAl9oll·'Oto .... ..-. '*"-" 
III .... __ GllI.IoIa -. ... '" 
IlIIIOoI, _II1II ..... *'10001 '--" 
........ ,....... ..... 8.11112-6'l1lI 

AanIIII=- ""'"'- .... + ..... .. 
1Iundiy. 11&19. pocI. ..... Of ..... ~par 
....... ..... 714. (l(lNI28) 
,ALL QUARTER ONLYI HIId • _ .... 
Fal 'M only? ..... CMIIM, Call _ "52-
12110. (1Io'.2-I.'H' 
3 bodioOI'n oonIIo. A ....... June I. to ..... 
.1l ........ IIIrfIIIIy,paaI, ..... ,..... 
•• CIIQmOItItI (landll*lflllllllJ!llll,.,....... 
fINlaNd. 535-0175. (1(12-1WZ3l 
8urMw .-- ....... Own _ III 3 

........ --. 'Wry '*- '" cwnpue, pool, 

.... ,.,...-,.,., ......... IIundiy ......... 

...... tIIiII ....... (nag). Il1O (tieI.) 
F ...... 535-0175. (1(12-111Sl 

TliWoICONDOHEU.?MO\IETOItLLCMSTl 
IIIngIa -. I27WiiIo. .... 711. Two IIIIIcIn to 
... UC8D ....... NO!HIi1oIIIIog. .......... 
...... $ I ... jIIII6anK"..., ...... 
IIDIPaIIIItI. 21N217. (Ii'~ 

........... ,....., ......... DIc. La CPrne 

......... _UCSD.I2II/nOI ..... /4 ..... 
Joel 517-1117. (11(11-5131) 
Su_, ........ In P.B. 2 bIoob 1rom baacIII 
Barnet . • 75.00 272- .3. 2. Malt or ___ (51 
'''IIIH) 
"..... ____ -NOIIiIIaII. .. ;> 
mo.. no dop. or ...... AIIIon. 453-3752 
(ovoningI,. (1W1e-e.'2) 
SU .... ER SUBLET. F_1o _ah., .., 
have own room/llalh Mal UTC. Cal .22· 
tII3 • . (5111-5121' • 
WanIad: F ....... 1!IIIHIIIOIoe. quill. .... and 
..."....to ............ ~lnll 
AagancIa. AvaIIII!II" 8oaJl1' ,1Ier 'IM ..... 
I2I1II + ./3 ....... c:.I1M5I-3715 .• _. 
...... "'1460. (l(lNa) 

8crI$IfII RInaII HOME TO SHARE 4 tIr, 2.5 
.... • ...., quIII--*Y ........ ~ plio. 
......, ....... 2 __ .I3l10 eMIl par 
1IIII • .........a. (l(lMi2) 
...... IIOItIO .. -'Y __ .......... 
'" "'-"'- ... 'lone. Cal ""-- 122· 
II1II2, (Si'~ 

IMAlER aaET 1W11i-f131). Own_In 
""'"'-_UTC.Fumlahador..........." 
you choIoo Il10,.. ..... c:.I CIctaIina!lS 

• 01IIII. \IiI'~ 
"00 .. _......, .. 2IIri1be P8 __ . Own 
1IiOIiI. I bill. '""" 1nIch. ,....., WjjIIJcIlo' 
,....,..... No IIiItI3!3nIo no dn!ga. 1MMtto. + 
dip ...... Ind. -...... rnIIhIuno. c.l270-
'414. (1(1""" 
,UIIIPIItId -. ~ ...... QaIitIIII oonIIo. 
WIIIINC8[), ..,. '/4 ............... 7/1. 
4I().8330, 46HIOI. 1111l-1l2I 

SUMMER 8UBLD. Wall • CI$IIpUI. I"ernIPe 
;nterr.d. IIngPa ......... 7/1-ti1l. l1li. 
0C!i!IIII1I1 ... 5.1I7I .......... (!llNI2I) 

FAEI!.UTI..PTlE8I3'uniiI3IaII--.r.IIIJIII 
oonIIoonlr __ ,~"'~· 
an 272.-rM, '-" ........ (l(lMI2) , 
ADaIiIIMIIo(.) ....... QuIet, ...... , __ 
.....,....,. ......... to ... .......... 

~). 0In: 1410, .... _, .... 
............ d.w •• pocI. _ecfIocI. AdIrit, ..." 
115M743. (I(I~ 

NMIF"-_II _ ..... ., .. oonIIo 
II¥UTC. v... Laun*y ..... IIIIIIIIL,... 
pooII. .. or ............ CaI-. ••. ' 
(1(1"5123) 
WAHnD: .............. OIIMer.LaJola. 

~ CIIy. One or _ ........ ~ 
......., . (I(IN/31, 

UY'C _1"ernIPe '-II' ......... 
............. 1111 ...... I11III ...... 
........................... 111_.$ w.:...,., lit ........ I11I1II1 ..... 1/1 
IIIP. or aaoo ..... ...., + 1/4111P. ........ 
..... c:.I TM. _~4. IIW.NIIIt 

TIME ........ oun art. lEU, JIIfiWIiICI! 
HOWl ConUy 2.· •• QiIIoI ReIlly ..... , 
AIIPIDr •• 1 .......... 1111II-6'1II 

....... ,.IIa, D, 19M 
UCID ............. _+UI. • ......, •. --. ........ ,..,.., ... ..., ..... 
Two~ ............. __ _ 

_ UTe tor _ ..... ..-. 4U-
711 •• (II1N/1) 
w.,.... .................... or ... 
_ ...... lI ................ a . (!I 
....... ,) 

....... ROOIIAVAII.A&!IOwnr--.. 

..... III La Aoganota III! Aogante. Qym, Ii" ........... ,..paaI, __ ....... 
plano, .......... ....... Il0l.' .... c:.I 
-. •• ,. car.. ..... (l(lHI23, 

.............. In .......... ',=tt. 
PuII, ................ ,..,. ......... 1270 . 
,....... ... 1. ...... 7. (1(1""'" 
DOIt'I ...... OlIgo" _ . _III. 
....... ................. III yourOM\ 
..... ___ + ...... TliII __ 1rIrMng 

*-..... -. paaI, -. Ja!auaI, 
a-p .-.. ........... uceo. UY'C. 
,...... ....... ~ .. .-.wo .•• /2 .... 
l1li-3740. (l(lHI23) 

8I.MIER 8taET - IMp ....... FumIahId 
_ .... IdIoaI, ....... buI_.AwtIIIbII 
June '1-SepL '15. You pay only .... oAIky and 
AIrgiIIII .,., ,.. 1/4 ~. c:.I JMon 5041-
'011. ClflNIII 
CHEAP • au.- 8uIIIIt ADoin .. 2.., ... 
(or",). Noo ...... to .... wl3f1m11oa '" 3 
br.2.5ba. ____ OIIIIIVerda.~ 
1I1Ht11. ~. (!llN0'23) 

IIUtAtEA 8U8L!T - 2 to ....... ....... 
_001' ..... 0II--'11IIIn ... .., UCID . 
(U. T_) 1I12..,,5. I2III'iiIOIiIfIlllc'l.l22-
1177. III1Nt'21l 

I.e- -. .... 2IIA. •. 5 ..... Boc. oompIeIc. 
I'll; a.7.1O. 1III .• IIOII4IIICI!Ir. DAVE 270-4lIl57. 
(1(1 ..... 

OREAT DEAL: Spactoue 2 bodnIonI. 2 batll. 
fIII1IIIIy IirriiIIIIad ....".... tor _ 
1IIOIiItII. 7 I'IIInuIoI .. campue/dJaIoo ....... ,/2 
pooIII JeouzzII. P •. cal ...... II '57· 
8011. (WII-IIIH) 
..... ,-a_, ...... ~ ............. .. 
01111'. a.. '" ...... II1II *'I .... YOI! 

~ .......... tIIiII .......... , oAIkyor 
.......... a... ....... (I(IMI2) 

...,. aanJI2 "-*- oonIIo . ..... 
AI9III _ ucaD, • ,'"N1&l. ~ 1710. 
c:.I H1IIn ---. lMa-IWaI 
....... __ -.MtI""_ ... ..... 
CIIIIIIItI., .... urc, ............. ......" 
... ............. _ •• , ..... 1ICIO.cr7II. 
(1(1"'" 
..... 1IirIIIIII 0.-. _ .• '13_ 

T'~ '" ucaD ............ Q.4WID, 
,....,.......c..m ...... ..... 
...,. .8.UIE . "*' ........ ..... 
Llllllllrlltor ........ to ..... .-..... 
• La -..... ... '/4 ...... .".",.. 
..... ., 1-.'haI ......... 1IIIIiIWi-. ..... c:.I 
......,.-n. (II(1N/111 

~ ............ ----. ..",. ..... 
Own ....... t:IOO. Tlwe..--...... a_ 
.......... II1II ..,." II1II ....... MIF. 
'1CIi __ .COIIIIdao • . BuIIIIt • .,.. ,..11 ••. 
-...... ..... ..,112'-. (1(1I-I1I2I) 
La ..... CIIIa¥ ,..,.. _ .... l.aIIIJ 
..................... QuIot, .. , ...... ft 
- ..... 170. (1(1"'" 
...,. ROOIAMTi-WANTIDI MIIWIonI 
.......... .., ............. ........ 
.......- ... -.Hooge ...... 

OWN 'WOUR OMIt .... - UCID ... ... 
... o.xun'I. ......... MIll 
UCID. 1.1 ... 11., ..... ' _ 111O,1OOt . 
CIMII • ...,·' 'I __ ~"""UrW. ClIr ........... DIIM1r.,......,a.-.. 
Hood to NU. _ ..... II VlAR. IXFII_a _ .......... ~ .II!tIIr 
............. .,....,..., .. ...... 

.......... ..,...,.. .......... ... 

......................... _o..a.. 

................. IIIIId.I7NI1 .. __ 

vtalT1NG ICHOI..ARI. MIeAIlCHIR., 
ClfW)UATI ITUOI!NTI ~AR1loefT TO 
IU&IT PCIII THE 8UIMA. ~ Junel7lli 
tIIiII .... ,III. fIaaI..IIDc ........... '" 
c.-. .... jIQIod. ..... allan I IIIIIIo.w ' 
....... 1iI~ ..... III ..... _ .... 
-_ ....... caw. e..,_1D 
....I._or ....... ~ 
......... ""'"' ..... 10 TV! o.poaI1 ....... 
c:.I ....... 41S-4141. (1123) 
............... 0 • •• iIeMaIIIt _ 
ucao ...... tI/12 ..... D . ...... cal 
EmIr 112-1-' l!t'Dl 
l300/III0. own ,_. ....,. 1IatII. ~bod.· 
___ UrW. WoodI. "".. .... I'. IfF· 
0742. Fun, __ ...... (!t'2:S-1W31) 

SU .... ER BUBLET. cae- HIghIanda, 
.33.33, ....... ,..,., ..... _buI,UTe. 
c-v..-..... _ .. ~ 

~ room III ... UTC -..-.. lor neei 
,.,... nor ........ . ,........1(12. 1300.1/3 
.......... '5.~ 

Aoo",,"'1WICIecI. ....... ,.,... ..... Of 
.......... to ........... _DoyII 
Aec. Own iGIIII/IIIIII .... P.artdng. 2 pacII, 
... -. mcqo Qd BlalllyClllllfllaat 517-
..... car.. pIIooI (1123) 

aur-BuIIIIt: ..... ..--. _1nIII1n2 
....... .......... FumIIhaI_IIMIIad . .. 
kIchaI, ...... .-, .-.1(10-1(11. I3IICIf 
_ ....... InoUIaI. .... jINIQNII. 011 
............... (Il2306'2l) 
,_ .... IooIdng .... -. _ - apI. to 
.... W/fan ..... Aut . • 5-JuM .... Call 
7U-.... (1IIH-St'3.) 
AnI)INCE .... 2 _ ....... _ • 
~ _ fOal or ,.,.,. I4OCIMID. ,.., U4-7_ (IWS-IWII 

• 
21UMM1F1 ~TU WAHTED IW'I '" 
.... ~ ............ IIIIiI_UTC. 
UC8D.IIdrdaa ....... ,..paaI, .... ... 
-- ........................ ..... 
"... ...................... _. 
... -= "' ........ c:.I AIcII or lWJiII." 
laS. (IIID-IIIII 

CHEAl" AENT1 HUGE ttOUIEl a '001 , .. , 
....... a ..... "' ... a..-... In .... 
............. Il10......,.. (lID) 
"-__ tBDIO- .... __ 
.... to ......... __ ....... 

............... UTC ... ......,..,., jIOaI. 

..... __ -. .... ,......,ImI/rIto. 
c:.I __ 517-044' . (!t'ZHII., 
IMp 1umIIIIacI ..... ___ ... bJilhtoor. 
orIM ...... O 1,,1 .... 8 ....... 1/ 
' ....... c:.I ....... orCwal4U-GU.1WDI 

HOUEFOAAINT14 ........ 2_ : _ • 
--.e_"'L'Wry ,tc"'_. 
ClIItr lOittIie. '""" ucaD. CIDee to ........ 
__ , ... & pale. Pll-.caII ........... 
-*'11271 ..... ~ 

........................ _ ................... _.WIIc 

...._ •• 11 t 1 ........ 1. (1(1""" 1IIUCID.~c II , ....... ,. .... T_ 
I'urNIIIad bacROIIi ... _ -....- III _ 
........ I'll.- 01 La.llia cando. __ till 
,.. ....... ~_ .......... II. 
c:.I.,. ...... or"""l , 1111""" 
FerMIe ___ ...... .-....... '" 
................. III'-ry ... I • 
Ijil .... ....., II1II = ..... ........ 
...... ,.., urc, .......... .... 
..... ~+1/4 ......... ~.c:.I 
517""". AM; .......... 1111..., 
JIC)a.A" .MIID· _.IOLAIIA 
.... o.n ....... 1IIIII, 1IIIIreMCIf;Q.~ 
ward. ... to IIIIaII, 1/4 ....... 'CW-. 

' '''''''''1(10. '" If NIIIIi ..... (I(I~f) 

... -..0711. (IIt'D-ftII 

.... _I1111 ..... In ............... ·SWr 
«*I1!o!r. Ce!IiIaf _ 431-14711. (IWUo'2I 

1trtgil1IiOIiI ....... ",.." •• 1S2I-1IIIC¥noo. 
PIJ ....... WID ......... ..... 'Ione. Cal 
..... """ 817 .... (IIt'ZS-It'2) 

WAN1'!DI 2 ...... '" ... HUGE IIIIIIIIr 
~~parlllll. or ....... 14IICJ 
-. .......... daencI. A ....... I(13-I(1.'/ 
J. 11&19. WID. II1II-'*' . .... V-. Cal 

~ 817 .... (IIt'ZS-It'2) 

..... • AucaiU'_? D 4 ..., ~ lor. 
,... "" Fel111M. Cal !lSII •. (It'D-ll31) 

&~&~ 
OPT 0 MET R Y 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
~---------T----------
"2" PAIR I DISPOSABLE 
CONTACJ'S I CONTAcr8 $55* : t6':~) $69* 

I 
·ow IU£CI L£NSD DAIII [XTt!A'1 "SlL£CT UNKS [llMt [XlIIA. 
' ~-------wm.m~~-------UTe (NEXTTONoRDsTRON) 455·1052 

n. UCSD Gurdiu 

..... ....,. ...... 1.1 I11III __ 
_IIi'QUCe.June,WIfI,t1 ...... """"" 
.......... _.-..... 

urc:.t.-JoIa. ...... _ ........... ~ 
... 31 .... be ................ ,.. 
__ ..... 01tl3n .. ", UCID."· 

---IUaMIII ....,. DEAlJ ........ 111' • 
....................... 0lIl;; ..... 
............. 1 .............. .... 
"'_I11III, alllltoUY'C, .... c:.I~or 
__a!03.3.""I) . 
.... "*'-* ................ .....,..., 
....... 111",1"', I.lbJiIh .... ."c _ 
_ ucaD. Pull, ...... jecua3, ...... + 
-' " ...... (l(1~1I1I). IIIOiIMlllll 
(I I '9 '+./3 .... , OIINon!1~ 
(II2NIII 

UTe -. _IUIIIII_. MN',""" 
onIr,"" 2_, l1li.Il10. nodapcall. II1II-7417. 
(5IDI 

SUWIEA SU8LET11 1IiOIiI. '*-to ...... + 
UTC • .....,..., ........ bod. CIIIII. pwtoPng. 
.......".,., .... quIII.---..... ~ 
II1II + 1/3 .... c:.IlIIIIy 487-6411. l1l/234'2I 
........... WenIId. 2 brllbe. daIn. brIgI!Iln 
..... 1IaeaIo. "lIIoobliambll!cPWbay. t313.001 
mo + 1ft ...... + dapoel.lndudaa garage. No 
..-.no ,.... DINe 272-4478111. mag. (110' 
zs.MII) 

SUMMER 8UIILET AVAL ... ~.W/OpI3onto 
_ ..... 1tIdnn. 1.5 .... , ~. 
...... /dl,.. -UCSD.I!fC. W/poaP.cfaan & 
quIoI, ,114(Vmo. Cal4!O-4II3. (l1l23.I(2) 

For 8aPr. Condo .,.., 2 81. 2 B. lour CII 
pwfdng. .... UCID, •• 4CIK. (1'" 442-M43, 

~ 
au.-8o!I!Iot • Own_ + ~ In 3 
BOAM 00liii0. fumIahoII. pooP. J-ul. _r 
V_ ....... __ ... 2guya ............... 
1IOIHIiICIP!Ir. aeo + ..... C11rt1411:J..e4111 . 
(1Imo1lt'll) 

2"""'-...... _ .•• 0.1300 eedVnoo. 
../4 ......... ....-...+ ....... CIDee 
to ucao, CII ,... • 48:J..U114, (1III-IIIII 

LaJlllroQlbtr:OwnIlio. .....-. •• / 
.................... _, .... ,MIIaPIII 

~ .... Calaot...... -

..... ~TEWANTED.vay ... 

..,.... (011 TOItIIy~. ". "", _ 
-. ....... M.". c:.I....s. AIIaon. 
IIIIINIJ') 
--SpecIIP. "" - .......... ....... allan......., .... 1aIIcIM .... Own_ 
... JIII\r* ............... _dIaII. PoaI, 
......... -.WI!IPwM,. ......... 
......."",....--.... ....., .... 
• dapcaII. c:.I .... 4l00078I. (IWUo'2I 
, 

.,.. .. IR aUILET: 11.0-11/.0; '175. 2 

...... ......... qulll.3 .................. 
~ .... 1. (IIr'IM'I) 

Own _III ... 111 011 Mer "" III .... 
_ QIIQ3 c:.I,... -'-.(IWII 

VIoIoV\1ofI ..... You or your chII!3('" con 
llanliaman t ,t 1IoiAd, .. , I ......... 
... --.. $ _ ..... II1II ..... 
............ _ ..... ,CalCororaod: 

-.-.~ 
PAS8POAT 1'tCT\IAEli ~ • . 115. Wlllllyou 
.... x- II1II _ . HaIr a CIMMIno. 
....... ('CW5-II2) 

w.n: ~mll.$ .. : AoIdItnIc -'PIe. 
....... --. tIooIoI ...... ...,..... •. 
coo..,. ... ~ ....... MIry Am 
4I2 ..... ~ 

0ft0.cPIIJ WOII3 ........ 1iIiII/or ..... 0-
2II ....... IIo •• P' $ I ...... ... 
__ ..... AIIo .......... ....... 
................. _ ............. 111 
c.taI!a3. .... 14 • . (4t'INr.Il 

0i0MIr...... , ......... 0-
.,... $ 1Io __ ~'1 I ...... ... 
__ .... AIIo .......... ....... 
..... ............................ In 
c.taI!a3. "'1141.(~ 
WOAD ~II $0; 011 .. __ .. n-; 
CMlEmnwoallWliCIN;auAUTY ..... 
$IIInIIr. FAX ................... ; 461-
0130 ...... (1(1"" 

l'fatd; ...... andUO!lnlIl¥ ....... ~ 
c:.I4I2-1211O and .... 1or y.,. (1(12-1!I23) 

LEARN TO FL YIt ...... UCID 1Iuda'tI ...... 
InIia I. n ................. 10, CllIIo. 
..... (1(12~ 

ElO'EAT'M'P8T &EDPTOA:WOADPEAFECT • 
BPELLCHECK; QUICK TURNAROUND; 
L.OCATEDfEAAUCID. MARIAN COLBY,'" 
040II. (1(1"5/23) 

Word pr_lng/.udlo ".nlCflptlon. 
PlLI I ... PeoOOi ..... Vory......,.~ 
+ -ao & I!ook pubIIcaIIon 1IIcI9Cund. 22. · 
OGIO. (It'ZHt'Z) 

\\ \ \TEI) 
EARN CASH Of\ .. OVIE TICKETS FOR 
RESEARCH PARTICIPATIONI Enlillah-
QNIcIng ooIIIga _1WIdod for PlIO -..y In 
peycihoIogy. s-tone ta1i146 mInIMa. Help l1li 
..." .,..... a:toooI! CII CarrIe. -*'80. 
m.one. (5t'2.1(2) 
!AAH 11DO.OO. SuI!jIcIa _ for. -..y on 
eIoahoI'.a3PacII. llyou_ ....... o..-. 
or t<.oraM. AmaIcaI>-born ..... , cal Scr1ppa 
AIoOOIcIlI ........ _ ~iIormeIIoo'. Ii&4-
7Z4O.(41I~ 

...... AduIIa .... 30-511. ,...., for • 2-3 
IIaur oyaI!INc -.dy • UCSOMC (HIIcraot). IIW 
tw. Cal &e2314. (!I/2-!i(.lI) 

HEEDEDIHaeIfIr .................. ",....., 
cycIIa. net 011 Be pili. lor • 2-3 hour oyaIMInk 
IWy II UC8DMC ~. 1IiIIIr. Cal 543- • 
23 ... , (110'12-5121) 

WNING LOGO FOR ELEANOA ROOSEVELT 
COUEOE. DIIIIInI '" _ daaIgna: Juno 
'15 ...... (ProwaI Eleanor "'-"'" 00PIega • 
.... coda 00II).1nPonftaIton ~. 412 UCIr. 
(1111-112) 

nw LAHOUAQE TUTOR...." HaIM ThIll 
.,..,.., ;nfIrrId. CII JofI ... 1lI0II .. 
wInPa. (IIIHr.!) 

WO .. EN 41 · 511, NOT ON HOR .. ONES, 
HEEDED FOR HEAL~ CARE ATTlTUOES 
STWY. TAKES ONE HR. ~. (~'11-1(2) 

...... ""*"- .... I. to 46 .... oId_ 
neaIodlOJ!I!Ik:iIo* In. UC8O.....,c..r 
IWy -..InIng .. o3Iac:I 01 oound on .. 
oyobllnk ,.fI.. .nd on b,.ln ..... , . 
Coo,.,.iIIiIkM ... be pnMdod. Cal &e24M 
lor ~iIoI .. !!iII" ... (!1/23-11Z1 

1.0~ I \ \ I) H H \ I) 
~""""onFtl. ... VIOt_IIiWIII~ 
.,... ........ , cPIaII on I. ...... band. w.. 

~_., • .., ...... c.ta-.:. ...... 
c-.1otiIraI54N137. 15/116231 

FOUND: WATCH . BESIDE WARREN 
!NQIIEEMIQ BLDG. LOST BY WOMAN ON 
-.cE. CALL TO IDENTFY + CLAPM. (1(11-6'2) 

LOST: Bled! WIaoro ....... gtova on 5r'Ia94 
cIuIIng 5:00p.m. game . ....... _ .. .... 
,....Ae.wd ..................... .... 
......... oharyontDp. c:or.aa"l22-I2III. 
(1(1""" 

PLI:~O\ \I.~ 
u..1 .... youandyourtollnd ....... "' ......... 
_ InaIc. Had .... time and I am lOrry I 
......, you. Qitoya'., I_togat "'_. 
TaP....,..., . 71~72.·11I1. (417.1(2) 

CLASSmEDS 17 

$ ,... .... _ .. ,..,.. (!II ..... 

l1ICe "0" aDa. • It. \iii ...... 

Doritwau ... ·--wau .... "' ......... 
waur ... llllltPwI waullllcuand,.,....toor 
... houra ..... waur ... _~~ 
anoPwau-_ - ...... IWDI 

, 

Perhap-s 
it's best if you 

don't take 
all your 

educational 
materials home 

forsunnner 
break. 

-----------------------, 
They're breakable. ~ 

They're bulky. They're poten- , 
tially incriminating. Right? : 

t So let us hang on to / 
your stuff this SUJ'TllTfer and 
w e'll giv you 10% of( your 
storage bill. Thank you. Class 
dismissed. 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

• 

. -

" 



., 

I" 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Cuardiaa Moaciay, llay 23, 1994 

1994 NCAA DIVISION III GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Tritons ,Finish 
Distant Second 
RUNNER-UP: Tritons are crown princes at King's 
Grant course after finishing second in North Carolina 
By area WreM Carolina. The home team was on 
Senior Staff Writer 

Featuring two freshmen and a 
player who skipped the season with 
a broken leg, the UCSD golf team 
traveled to hosti Ie 
North Carolina where 
it walked away with 
second place at the 
NCAA Division III 
Natio!,al Champion-
ships last week. 

After Friday's fi -
nal round, the Tritons 
found themselves 24 
strokes behi nd host 
Methodi st, 1,177-
1,201. John Carroll College was 
third with a score of 1,224. 

Triton Dale Abraham, who had 
led the individual competition by 
two strokes after three rounds, 
stumbled on Friday with a five-over-
par77 tofinish tied with Methodist's 
Ryan Jenkins for fourth place at 
293. It was, however, a good enough 
score to make him a first-team AII-
American. 

Scott Scovill from <;hristopher 
Newport College won the individual 
title with a 289 tally after firing a 
one-under 71 on Friday. 

"The coach's job is to prepare a 
team to shoot 1,200 at Nationals, 
which we did," UCSD Head Coach 
Mike Wydra said. "A lot of the time 
that will win the tournament." 

fire, shooting 299 o.fit's worst day 
ofthe·tournament. It was all down-
hill from there with Methodist scor-
ing 290, 294 and 294. 

The Tritons 
started the toumey off 
with a round of 303 
then shot 294, 304 
and 300 on the final 
day. 

But UCSD was 
not holding true to its 
history of strong 
shooting. Brock 
Shafer, one of the Tri-
tons' top guns, had 

missed the season with a broken leg 
and had.shot only 36 holes the Mon-
day before arriving in Fayetteville. 
He finished in 31st place with a 
solid score of 312. 

As for the youngsters, freshmen 
Arnie Campbell and Mike Hartford 
forgot how much experience they 
lacked and played like they had been 
there before. 

Campbell finished with a 31.5 
total, while Hartford 's 12th-place, 
304 score earned him the title of 
second-team All-American. 
UCSD's Tom Brown finished 11th 
with a scoreof303, also good enough 
for second-team All-American hon-
ors. 

Well, per~ps that happens when 
Methodist, already a heavy favorite, 
doesn ' t get to play on its home 
course, the King's Grant Golf and 
Country Club in Fayetteville, North 

"If you had told me on the day 
[Shafer] got hurt that we'd do this 
well in Nationals, I'd have been 
skeptical," Wydra said. "Back in 
March, Campbell was not the player 
he is now. The team played above 

See GOLF, Paae 15 
o.n McDoIMII/CiuMHn 

Dele ~ ..... All-AmerIcan honora wtth 8 fourtIt..tIIIIC ~ .... 8t the NCAA Ch8mpIonshIpe. 

Crew Tackles 'The Best in the West at PCRCs 
PACIRC COAST: Tritons compete in eight 
races at Pacific Coast Championships 
By D8n Krllft 
Associate Sports Editor 

Last weekend ma,ked the biggest event of the year for the 
women 's and inen's crew squads. The two teams travelled 
north to Lake Natoma, which lies just east of Sacramento, to 
compete in the Pacific Coast Rowing Championships held 
from May 21-22. 

The championships brought together the very best teams 
from up and down the West Coast for a c1uh of the rowing 
Titans to determine the best of the best. The event included 
everyone from the Division I Pac-l 0 schools right down to the 
Division III teams and the small independents which line the 
coast. 

The Tritons, who have had a solid year on the water, 
continued to make a profound impression on their opponents 
as the events got underway on Saturday. On the women 's side, 
UCSD battled it out for West Coast supremacy in five differ-
ent events. . 

In the women's varsity eight, UCSD earned a fifth-place 
position in its first heat, sending it to the petite final. In the 
finals, the wome.n snared yet anotller fifth-place tally. Their 
time of 7:08 over the 2,OOO-meter course was enough to put 
them in 11th place overall on the west cout. 

"We rowed a very fast race," women's Head Coach Jack 
Vallerga said. "We just happened to be rowing in a year when 
there were a lot of fast teams on the West Coast. We may even 
have set a school record, but this year that was only good 
enough for 11th." 

In the novice-eight race, in which only first-year collegiate 
rowers can participate, the Tritons came home with I third-
place finish in their heat and lri Q'entuai 15th place overall 
with a finals time of7:2O. The race was close throughout, with 
leas than a second-and-l-half separating places two through 

UCID'. men'. ONW ch ......... the ... C088t' ..... t te .... In the PIlOIftc Coat Ch8mpIonehIpa M., 21-22. 
four. 

"The [novice eight] race was very tight, .. Vallerga said. "It 
wu the kind of race where all the team. had to be careful not 
to make any mistakes." 

In the lightweight fours race, for competiton who weight 
130 Itli or leu, UCSD'. women reached &he Jiud final with 
a IOlicI performance in a touJh heat. In the finals, the Tritons 
set lbemlelves lpart u the fou.place team 011 the West 
eo. with a time of 8:11.4. Champion Western Wuhinpn 

rowed home in 7:42.6. 
In what Coach Vallerga termed, "the best performance by 

any of the crews," the women'. novice-four squad earned a 
bronze medal with a phenomenal time of 1:52.1. Tbe Tritons 
finishedjllll behind Mills College (7:47.3) and Seattle Pacific 
University (7:49.3) and ahead of such Division I powers a 
UCLA, Wahington State and the University of California at 
Berkeley. 

See CIIIW, PIle 14 

Monday, 1Ia,.23, 19M The UCSD Guardiu 19 . ; --~~~~--------~----~--~~==~~~--------------------~----~ 

PRE·MED CLUB 
Student.fllCulty mixer! All students 
are encouraged to come and get to 
know their professors better in an 
Informal SOCial environment over pizza 
and drinks. Come and join In the fun! 
Tuesday, May 24 at 6:00pm at Round 
Table Piua In the Price Center. 

MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER 
Jim Tuman will speak to students 
about self-worth and goal setting. He 
has spoken to over 1.5 million 
students world-wide. He has ap-
peared on all the major networks and 
has been featured in national maga-
zines. If nothing else, this talk will 
change your life. Admission is free . 
May 25, 7:00pm in the Price Center 
Theatre. 

STUMP THE RABBI 
Come for the last time, or even come 
for the first time! rabbi Jeff gives his 
last class of the year this Tuesday, 
May 24. The class will be strictly 
Q&A; so bring some tough ones and 
we'll play "Stump the Rabbi!" Davis/ 
Riverside Room-6:45pm. For details, 
call5~244. 

WOMEN'S SEXUAL HEALTII 

INFORMATION SESSION 
Before you go on a WILD SUMMER 
SEX RAMPAGE did you attend one of 
our weekly Info sessions? If you 
haven't, hurry on by! We'll teach you 
all the necessary contraception 
Infonnatlon, what to expect In a pelvic 
exm, and more! 5/23-5/27: M2pm, 
Tu lOam & lpm, W 11am & 1pm. Th 
10am & 1pm. Call 534-5337 for 
more information. 

MAuBU GRAND PRIx 
Fun trip! $2.50 buys you unlimited 
~rinks with lots of laps and tokens. 
Sign-up at Warren Student Activities 
Center. Everyone Is welcome! Hurry! 
Limited space! see you there! 
Tuesday, May 31, 7pm at the malibu 
Grand Prix on Miramar Rd. Call Amy 
McDougal or Jeff Scott at 45().6587 
for more information. 

STIJDENT ORG FUNDING 
Student Organization budgets will be 
posted on the third floor of the Price 
Center on May 27. Appeals are due 
by June 3. 

MUIR COMMUTER COUNCIL 
We're f1ne'tunlng Cummuter and 
Residential Events (CARE) for its 
upcoming orientation debut! Wanna 
help out? Got any cool Ideas? Then 
join us, Mondays at 4pm In Half 
Dome, and speak your peace! For 
more information, tHTlaii 
europe@ucsd.edu 
MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL 
The following representative poSitions 
for '94-'95 are open to all Muirons: 
University Center Advisory Board 
(UCAS); Student Org Funding Eligibility 
Board (SOFEB); Cultural Programming 
Finance Board (CPFB). Pick up an 
application TODAY at the dean's office 
(HSSS 2146). or e-mail 
europe@ucsd.edu for more inform~ 
tion. Stop by Fridays at 4pm in Half-
Dome lounge where the public is 
always welcome! 

KA.SA. CINEMANIA I 
Ship-Shape and create your own plate 
with our food you can make!! Miss 
home cooking?? Come and enjoy food 
you make (or me, chef Hyong Lee). 
And then chill with a movie. Monday, 
May 23, 6:30pm in the International 
Center. Call Hyong Lee at 622-1125 
for more information. 

.Stuff You Should .Know About! 
Activity Fee Refunds 
As a result of a recent California Supreme Court decision, Smith v Regents, former and 
currently enrolled UCSD undergraduate students may be eligible for a refund of 
ASUCSD Activity Fees, The decision affects compulsory undergraduate campus fees 
collected to support student organizations and activiteis such as student governments 
and lobbying activities, In its deCiSion, the California court ruled that the University 
cannot compel students to ontribute compulsory student government fess to support 
political or ideological organizations or activities. The University, in consultation with 
the campus student governments, is in the process of developing a policy to comply 
with the court ruling, If you feel you may qualify for a refund, please contact the A.S, 
Receptionist, 3rd floor of the Price Center, or call 534-4450, 

Higher Education Forum 
There will be a forum on the future of higher education on May 31 in the Price Center 
Ballroom from 2:00pm to 4:00pm. Several Regents, Elected Legislators, and Candi-
dates for office will be in attendance to discuss issues impacting on higher education in 
the 9O·s, There will be a Question and Answer period as well. Students. staff. and 
faculty are encouraged to attend. 

A.S. Newsflash6s is produced by the AssociatBd 
Students of UCSD. Student orranlzatlons mit)' 
lJdvertlse In the A.S. ~"ashes by filling out the 
form Ioc.tctd outside the A.S. Secretary's office, thi, ~ 
floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next Monday's edition. 

Yearbooks will be available for pickup 
(bring photo 10) or purchase ($25) 
June 9, 10 at the A.S. Receptionist 
(Price Center 3rd ftoor) or at 
graduation. 

Student clubs & org.1I Buy In Id 
In the New Student Record" 

The New Student Record is a greet way 10 
recn.it students next fall . Stop by EDNA or 
the A.S. Receptionist, 3rd "oor Prtce Center, 
for an order fonn. MUll be received by 
graduation. 

WANTED r~5l sm 
Director, Editor-In-Chief, Photo Editor, Ad 
Director for 1~-95 staff. These are paid 
positions. Stop ~ the Price Center 3rd floor 
to pick up an application. 

For more info call us at $34-74111. 

G 
MOVIES 

TUESDAY 

naked 

THURSDAY 
..... ~IIIIIf!!I!!!!~ $1 

.. 

• 

.. 



I . 

. 1 

20 SPORTS 

GREGG 

UJHEnn 
This Koala Is 
Now Roadkill 

There was a certain 
misconception around campus 
this weekend tliat if you 
wanted to see the National 
Pastime at its best, you should 
head to the Triton baseball 
diamond to watch our dedi-
cated hardballers lock horns 
with the evil horde from Cal 
Lutheran. Well, you might 
have done that - but only 
after stopping by Marshall 
Field on Saturday afternoon to 
check out the 74th Annual 
GUlJrdian-Koala Battle for 
Softball Supremacy. 

Unlike past years, there was 
a feeling of uncertainty running 
amok in the GUlJrdian offices 
as the fateful day approached. 
We would be missing at least 
three of our top players from 
last year ... not to mention that 
certain others of us would be 
hampered by devastating 
injuries .. 

Well, our worrying was not 
without reason. This year's 
battle was much closer than 
last year's 42-10 rout, and 
much too close for anyone's 
comfort. But after the dust had 
settled, the fallen warriors 
grieved for and the beer drunk, 
the fprceo; of light had once 
again vanquished the treacher-
ous marsupial foe, 35-12. 

Yes, the GUlJrdian emerged 
victorious, but a nine-run drop 
from the previous year isn ' t a 
good sign. At this rate, the 
Koala may actually come 
within 10 runs of us by, oh, say 
2056. And that, my friends, 
will be a tragic day. To stave 
off such embarrassment, the 
Guardian powers-that-be have 
ordered a hell acious off-season 
conditioning and practice 
regimen to start approxi mately 
10 minutes before next year's 
game. 

Not like we didn't get 
plenty of practice this year. 
With the genius that has come 
to symbolize their newspaper, 
the Koala staff mandated a 
noon starting time about an 
hour-and-a-half after everyone 
had stopped celebrating the 
Sun God and his Festival the 
night before. 

As a result, the game got 
started around 2:30 giving us 
45 minutes of catch and an 
hour of batting practice while 
we waited for enough players 
to stagger to the game. There 
was momentary panic when it 
was discovered that someone -

See KOALA, Page 14 

The UCSD Guardiaa Moaday, May 23, 1994 

. . 1994 NCAA DIVISION III WEST REGIONALS 

Baseball Slides Past Cal Ln 

The Trltona, led by Chris Miyake (center), ..... ted Eric QUMdt _ he croued the pllIte durl ... UCSD' .......... nnl ... 1'lll1y on SundIIy. 
COMEBACK: UCSD baseball recovered from a 2-0 game deficit to 
defeat Cal Lutheran 3-2 and advance to the Div. III College World Series 
By Jeff PraUlht 
Staff Writer 

In action that had all the makings of "Do You 
Believe in Miracles?: Part 2," the UCSD base-
ball team pulled itself out of a 0-2 deficit to win 

the final three games of 
the West Regionals 
against Cal Lutheran, 
propelling the Tritons 
into the Div. III College 
World Series. 

In game one , 
UCSD's Ryan Flanagan 
started against Cal Lu's 

Sam Arroyo. Flanagan couldn 't conta in the 
Kingsmen 's John Becker, who had a two-run 
double in the third inn ing and a three-run blast in 
the fifth which led Cal Lu to the 5-3 win. 

Game two, the first of a doubleheader played 
on Saturday, was simply ugly fo r UCSD. The 
Ki ngsmen rode the arm of right-hander Marc 
Weiss in a three-hit, 11-0 whitewash. 

Becker, potent once again, nailed two more 
homers off of starter Mark Hartmann. 

Despite losing the first two games, Head 
Coach Lyle Yates had played his cards right and 
used only three pitchers. Knowing that pitching 
would be scarce, Yates used only one reliever to 
save his bullpen for Sunday. 

Steve Heigbt started Game three, and both he 
and the Tritons offense played big. Birk's three-
run homer in a seven-run second inning gave 
UCSD its first lead of the game and the series at 
7-1. With the offense behind him, Height held on 
for a 10-7 win by teaming up with Kurt Luhrsen 
to hold off the Cal Lu charge late in the game. 

The big win was key for the Tritons, who 
needed the confidence fieading into game four. 
"We have a proven number-four starter [Marc 
Abrams], and I think it gives us an advantage," 
said Yates. 

Abrams did indeed prove to be an advantage 
pickinga complete game two-hitgem in UCSD's 

See SERIES, Page 13 Ryan Ranacan pitched blJ to win came five. 

Cross Makes Third Round in Singles Competition at NCAAs 

Senior John Croll 

Because the UCSD men's tennis team was denied a 
berth in the NCAA tournament, John Cross was alone in 
representing the Tritons as one of 64 competitors in the 
individual singles national competition. 

Cross began a solid run Friday afternoon with an ardu-
ous 7-5, 6-7 (8-6), 6-2 victory over Kenny Leng from 
Amherst. Leng's "pusher" style and surprisingly good 
serves gave Cross fits, but Cross' net game recovered 
enough to put away his pesky opponent in the third set. 

On Saturday, Cross played perhaps his besttennisofthe 
year to beat Pomona-Pitzer's Mike Beartman 6-4, 6-2. The 
win avenged a loss earlier in the season. Cross' streak 
ended later that afternoon when he failed to click against 
UCSC's Ron Ward, losing 7-5, 6-4. 

"I concentrated on playing smarter and being more 
patient," explained Cross, whose performance was enough 
to earn himself All-American honors. 

-Murall MoortIIy 

THE WEEK AHEAD GUARDIAN ATHLETE-OF-THE·WEEK 

........ 1: 
Thu .-Tues., May 26-31, at NCAA Division III National 

Championships in Battle Creek, MI 

Treck a FIeld: 
Wed.-Sat., May 25-28, at NCAA Division III National 

Championships In Naperville, IL 

Dale Abraham earned All-American honors at the Division 
III NCAA Golf Championships in Fayetteville, North Carolina 
by scoring a four-day total of 293 on the King's Grant Golf 
course. 

After firing two roundsof73 and one round of 70 on day. one 
through three, Abraham dropped to a 77 on day four. Abraham's 
performance was, however, enough to earn him a tie with Ryan 
Jenkins from host Methodist College for the fourth-place spot in 
the nation. 


