
ELIEWHERE 

ucla Chicano 
ItudI_ Holda .... , 
SANTA BARBARA, CA-
On Wednesday, approximately 
150 students, faculty and 
community members protested 
what they considered unequal 
treatment of the Chicano 
Studies Department at UCSB. 
In the last two weeks, members 
of the department and EI 
Congreso, a Chicano/Latino 
student organization, have been 
protesting the appointment of 
Don Zimmerman, dean of 
social sciences, as the new 
department chair. Cal State 
Northridge Professor Rudolpho 
Acuna, who was turned down 
for a professorship at UCSB's 
Chicano Studies Department is 
also protesting the decision oon 
the grounds that it is racist. 

Book Analyzes Los 
~"_Rlots 
IRVINE, CA - A new book 
called The Los Angeles Riots: 
Lessons for the Urban Future, 
edited by UCI professor Mark 
Baldassare, chairman of urban 
and regional planning, contains 
papers written on the 1992 riots 
from 10 scholars of various 
disciplines. The book examines 
the factors leading up to the 
riots, specifically looking at the 
existance of the Los Angeles 
inner-city "underclass," black-
white tensions and interethnic 
hostilities of the inner city. 

Berke.e, Opens 
Center 011 AChe 
BERKELEY, CA - UC 
Berkeley has opened the new 
Center on the Economics and 
Demography of Aging, one of 
nine centers funded by the 
National Institute of Aging to 
study the growing population 
of older Americans. Under 
director Ronald Lee, UCB 
professor of demography and 
economics, the center will 
process information on elderly 
life expectancy, economic 
status, use of medical serVices 
and costs of illnesses. 

•• 1 ... 

DNA 
OPINION: Should 
genetic engineering have 
tighter regulations? . • 

IPOIITS: Women's 
volleyball defeated by 
No.1 Wubington U. ao 

UCSD BIllIPS ............................ 2 
CALVIN IIIOBBIS .................... 2 
OPIJIQON .................................. 4 
FlATIJIIS .............................. 18 
<1ASSIPIIIl8 .......................... 151 
SPOIITS ................................... . 

, H E u c 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1994 

Regents Split Over 
Affinnative Action Policy 
MEETING: Regents Debate 
Fairness of Med School 
Admissions Policies 
By ErIn Allday 
The Daily Calif om ian 

Concerned that UC medical schools could be 
unfairly admitting too many minority applicants, 
the UC Board of Regents yesterday debated the 
pros and cons of affirmative action in an emo-
tional session. 

Meeting at UCSan Francisco-Laurel Heights, 
regents and administrators argued whether 
underrepresented minority applicants to the 

university's five medical schools should receive 
preferential treatment. 

"It has been suggested that we use a color-
blindor race-blind admissions policy. That would 
be fine in a color-blind society," said Michael 
Drake, associate dean of admissions at UC San 
Francisco. "Unfortunately, we are not there yet." 

But Regent Ward Connerly said affirmative 
action encouraged reverse racism. 

"You have a right to know thatthe government 
is going to treat you no worse and no better than 
anybody else," Connerly said. 

"What we are doing may be lawful, but it is 
still not right, it still may trample on the rights of 

See RACE, Page 3 

HE MIGHT BE FRANK BLACK 

YIl«1Y Z~om/Guatr1II1f1 
Ex-Pixle frink Bleck opened for .......... They MIIM .. cu. .... on Friday. 

5 D 

VOLUME 83, rSSUE J8 

Students 
Assured No 
Mid-Year Fee 
Increase 
MONEY: State's 'trigger' 
mechanism avoided, may 
come into effect next year 
By Jonna Palmer 
Senior Staff Writer 

UC students will experience no mid-year 
fee hikes for the 1994-95 academic year as a 
result of State Controller Gray Davis ' deci-
sion not to pull the "trigger" mechanism of 
the state budget. Davis made hi decision 
based on recommendations by the Legisla-
tive Analyst 's Office. 

The trigger mechanism, which was built 
into a two-year budget plan adopted last year 
to repay $4 billion in state loans, requires the 
Legislature and governor to rework the bud-
get if state funds drop below a uborrowable 
amount." 

The second deadline to put the trigger 
into effect has been set for Oct. 15, 1995. 

According to Edd Fong, spokesman for 
the State Controller's office, "(The trigger 
mechanism] was put in as part of the budget 
plan because the financial community in-
sisted on it." 

Fong said that the financial commmunity 
felt that the state was making unreliable 
reimbursement estimates. 

This year, the state budget relied in part 
on being reimbursed for $763 million in 
illegal immigration expenses. 

However, the federal government only 
gave the state $33 million to compensate for 
these costs. 

Fong said that increased tax revenues, 
lower expenditures and budget adjustments 
made it possible to refrain from pulling the 
trigger and forced the governor and legisla-
ture to begin-making cuts in the budget. 

These three factors compensated for the 
federal denial of illegal immigration fund-
ing, leaving this year's budget with a more 
than $1 billion "cushion" before the trigger 
would need to be implemented. 

"[This is] good news for anyone involved 
in higher education," Fong added. 

According to the UC Office of the Presi-
dent (UCOP), "The University of California 
will be able to hold the current year's in-
crease in student fees to 10 percent." The 
Board of Regents originally planned to in-

See FEES, Page 7 

Lawsuits Tm-get Higher Education Clause Or-Prop • . 187 
SCIlOOLl: UC will 
not draw 187 
guidelines until 
lawsuitS resolved 
., T_ IIIIIdey 
ANocIIIte News Editor 

One day after the so-called "Save 
Our Slate" initiative was paued by 
59 perceat of California voten, law-
lUi ........ 10 defeat the biper 
edac.t" proviIiOIII ofPropoRion 

187 while Gov. Pete Wilson issued lie universities to verify the immi-
an executive order to UC, CSU and gration status of all students and 
California cOmmunity colleges to deny enrollment to undocumented 
develop regulations for its imple- immigrants. Universities would also 
mentation. • ' be required to report undocumented 

Federal and slate judges have immigrants to the Superintendent of 
placed temporary restraining orders Public Education, California Attor-
on Proposition 187, which faces nine ney General and Immigration and 
lawsuits. Naturalization Service (INS). 

Two of the nine cases argue After three cases were filed 
against the higber education provi- against Proposition 187, California 
liolll in Section 8 of the meuure, Superior Court Judie Stuart Pollack 
which would require Califomia pub- iaued a temporary restraining order 

COLOR. USED 

on the measure. 
Oneofthesuits,JesusDoev. UC 

Rege1llS, CSU Trustees and Board 
of GOlI!rnors of California Com-
nuuaity Colleges, argues against the 
higher education clause, according 
to Ralph Santiago Abascal, general 
counsel to the California Rural le-
gal Assistance. Abascal, who is try-
ing the case with Liz Guillen of the 
Mexican American Legal Defense 
and Educational Fund (MALDEP), 

See 187, Pa&e 3 



2 NEWS 

Chancellor Gets Hahn 
Visionary Award 
LA JOLLA: UCSD makes Golden Triangle 
prosperous 
By Tony Kina 
Staff Writer 

Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson received the 
Hahn Visionary Award 
Frida y, for his contri-
bution to the planning 
and success of La 
Jolla's Golden Tri-
angle. 

After receiving the 
award, Atkinson said 
that it was "given to 
the UCSD community 
as a whole and not to 
me as an individual." 

He said that UCSO 
impacts thc growth of 
the community be-
cause of its "supply of 
the talented young 
people who come out 
of the university, the 
research that has been 
done here and the com-
panics that have origi-
nated as a result of 
UCSD being in the 
area." 

"When the unlv ..... ty 
prospers, the ar ... oulld " 

The Golden Tri-
angle is the area 
bounded by Interstates 
5, 805 and 52. 

prospers and when the ... 
.ouncllt prospers, the 
university prospers. " 

Jan Percival, presi-
dcnt of Scribe Com-
munications, said that 
while UCSD is not directly within 
the Golden Triangle, there is a tre-
mendous impact of being next to 
such an institution. "UCSD is the 
economic engine that drives San 
Diego," Percival said. 

Atkinson said that while eco-
nomic growth has been slow around 
the nation, residents and business 
workers in the La lolla area have 
contin~ed to prosper. 

Atkinson added that the recipro-
cal relationship between UCSD and 
the Golden Triangle has made the 

-Rlchlrd Atlclneon 
UCSD Chancellor 

area one of four or five major tech-
nological areas in the nation. 

"When the university prospers, 
thearea around it prospers and when 
the area around it prospers, the uni-
versity prospers," he said. 

The award is given annually by 
the Golden Triangle MarketingQln-
sortium, San Diego Daily Transcript 
and La lolla Golden Triangle Ro-
tary to honor the legacy of Ernest 
W. Hahn, who established a super-
market which helped stimulatebusi-
ness within the Golden Triangle. 

ApPLY TO BE THE NEXT 

GUARDIAN NEWS EDITOR 

SUBMIT CLIPS, RESUME AND COVER LETTER TO: 
DOUG ALEXANDER, EDITOR IN CHIEF 

TIlE UCSD GUARDIAN, ROOM 217 
STUDENT CENTER BUILDING 'A' 

ApPLICATIONS DUE BY MONDAY, 28 NOVEMBER 
CALL 534-6580 f;OR MORE INFO 

The UCSD Cuardi .. Monday, November 21, 1994 

ETCET·ERA. • • 
BEST OF CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY ... 

1M Id8ES 
~Ol~ 
Clt.K\\IMG 
fiREfLIES . 
CAIolT WE 
~'I OU. 
... lITTLE 
Wl'*R? 

RElU.1 r <ttU. ~ERE 
OClES 'T\\~ TIIP\E GO?:' 
II~ ~ , I'll QE R\G\T 

~. 
I 

• 

--. 

~. ~ ~ ~l~I\'1Ib T'4. 
'«lV ~O Mea ~IJ"', N«\lQI 
b)'11 ~ ~IOS OF 
SJIIE1\\ltI/Iii I9l bI MD. 
IMSliM) a ~ r~ 
'1Ov JlJST "roD. 

I'M1lJ§fil 
HAVING 
FUN! 

-, . 

/-

Americorps Seeks Volunteers 
Arnericorps, President Clinton's national service 

pro&ram, Is recruiting 28 volunteers to Increase neigh-
borhood safety In San Dleeo communitles through the 
Safe Zones for Learning Project. 

The project is an effort to improve the overall 
welfare of youths and families in Mid-City and City 
Heights. Safe Zones members will work with Crawford 
High School, Horace Mann Middle School, and Jack-
son and Euclid elementary schools In separate teams, 
focusing on education, public safety and human needs. 

The teams will organize multi~thnic parent out· 
reach, recruiting and training programs, and citizen 
patrols in schools. They will also provide multi·lingual 
home outreach to provide social support. 

Safe Zones for Leami~ has received an Americorps 
grant of $345,225. Partners in the program include 
ttM: San Diego Consortium & Private Industry Council, 
Unrted Way Volunteer Center, June Burnett Institute 
and San Diego City Schools, along with 11 community 
organizations. 

Volunteers must be 17 and over, have a high 
school diploma or GED, and "the desire to revitalize 
their community and work with others to get things 
done: said Robert Lewison, project director of Safe 
Zones Partnership. 

In retum, volunteers will receive a limited wage and 
a post-service award of $4.725 for further education 
or payback of school loans. 

Safe Zones for Leaming will begin its program In 
early January. The deadline for submitting an applica-
tion is Nov. 28. To receive an application, call Olivia 
Heth at 238-1445. 

UCSD Contemporary Music 
En .. mble tq Perform 

SIRIUS, an established UCSD contemporary music 
ensemble, will perform at 8 p.m. on Mon., Nov. 28, at 
Mandeville Center Recital Hall. 

The perfolmance group wlfl-OO'Jer works by Wolff, 
carchln, Babbitt 'and Peterso". ·· •. 

SIRIUS, which is comprised of UCSD music depart· 
meAt graduate students, lecturers and faculty, Is 
direct~ by composer and UCSD Professor Harvey 
Sollberger. 

Sollberger, a well-known composer, conductor and 
flutist, joined the UCSD music department last year. 
He has earned degrees from the University of Iowa and 
Columbia University, and has received an award from 
the National Institute of Arts and Letters, as well as 
two Guggenheim Fellowships. He has conducted the 
San Francisco Symphony, the Buffalo Phiiharmonic, 
the American Composers Orchestra and the San Diego 
Symphony. 

Tickets are $5 general admission and $3 for 
students. For more Information, call 534-5404 or 534-
3229. 

Profe .... Str ..... Benefits of 
Group Support for Cancer 

A free lecture, "Living Beyond Limits: The Role of 
Soc~al S~pport in Surviving Cancer, • will be given by 
David Sptegel, M.D., professor of pyschiatry and be-
havioral sciences at Stanford University School of 
Medicine, at 3 p.m. on Sat., Dec. 3, at Robinson 
Auditorium at the Graduate School of International 
Relations and Pacific Studies. 

The lecture is presented by the Roehr Memorial 
Lecture Series and the Stein Institute for Research on 
~ng. 

Spiegel was the first researcher to sclentiflcally 
demonstrate that group support can lead to a longer 
life span for cancer patients. He has written several 
booksi Including Living Beyond Limits, Dissociation: 
Culture, Mind and Body, and Trance and Treatment 

For more Information, call UCSD Extension at 534-
8250 or the Stein Institute at 534-6299. 

ANNA YAISMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Ct;Sporfs Editor 
GREll WRENN. Co-5ports Editor 

TEDD LADD, Associate Sports Ed/tor 
JEFF NtBEL, H/atus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREY, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, Associate Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOBSI", Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Deslln Editor 

WARAIN MO. Production Manager 

I'IIOToeUPMIIII: Timothy Chen. C.therlne Hirota. Heidi MuZhik 
CCWT 1IUDIIt: rammy Crawfonj 
TYPIIT: Emily Yau 
ADVlWT1SIN8 UllSTAIIT: TIInI Eoll 
ClIlCULAl10II AIIIITAIIT: ~ ManlUY. EtI1l11 Martinez. 01lVld ROCIIers 

.,. ~, Business Man.,., 
MICHA!lI'OUW, Advertls/nf ManSI" 
.1(1 MARTtNEZ, Advertlsl", Desllner 

ITEPHAJII McKENZtE, Classified R.pre~t.iWl 

DOUG AlLXANDER, Editor in Chief 
SIMONE MIlLER, Copy Editor 

ALEXANDER THIE5£N, News Editor 
TOM BARKLEY, Associate News Editor 

MARIANNE VIGIL. Associate News Editor 

- IUIOR IT.., WIIITIItI: Elaine Camuso. Karen Chene. lIIan Delventnal , Brlan 
K. Hutto. Erik Johnson. Jann. Palmer 

Editorial; 5~580. News/Features; 534-5226, 
OpiniOn/$poIta; 5~582. Hiatus; 5~583 

Business 01fice: 534-3466. FIX; 534-7691 IT"" WIInIItS! Am~ AsarllVlll . Nina IIouC/lton . Derek van Holten, Brent 
Johnson, Tony Kln&. Rob Levtnson. El1z8Oetl1 Mackenzie JereMe)' Mallmed 
Cendice McFlt1and. Heather McRee. jennifer NicOli. Mee"ra Pol , Omer Rezec' 
Mary Belh Sedlack. limn Wall" • 
IlLUlTltAfOIIl! MlCnl Croll. Natnan Erlln. M,ke Ibay. Paula Lee. Rlcn Yumul 
IIIIIIMJIS: Mo",n Jolliffe. Brenna latnam. Paula lee. Claire SChnel_ 

UCSD Quanll"", 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-032.8 

""'*-' _: ~ Floor. ucso IIMIent cent« ......... , ... lb. 111 

I 

Monday, November 21,1994 

RACE: Parents 
of denied applicant 
conduct own study 
Continued from ..... 1 
others," he said. 

Yesterday's debate was 
prompted by a presentation deliv-
ered to thc boud that upheld the 
admission policies at the five UC 
medical schools at Davis, Irvine, 
Los Angeles, San Dicgo and San 
Francisco. 

The regcnts asked deans at the 
five schools to draw up thc report 
on the admissions policies after 
board members last September 
received a Icttcr from disgruntled 
parents condcmning race-based 
enrollments. 

Aftertheirson was not accepted 
to the medical school at UC San 
Diego, Jcrry and Ellen Cook con-
ducted a study on minority enroll-
ments and the admissions policies 
at the medical schools. 

According to thcir study, 
underrepresented minority stu-
dents-including African Ameri-
cans, Chicano/Latinos and Native 
Americans - had better chances 
of getting into the university be-

cause of their ethnic bac:ltground. 
Of 24,769 applicants to UC 

medical schools last fall, about 12 
percent of them consisted of mi-
nority students. Howevcr, of the 
569 students who were cventually 
accepted and enrolled in the 
schools, nearly 23 percent of them 
wcre minorities. 

Students arc accepted to the 
medical schools based on admis-
sions test scores, GPA and "edu-
cational cxperience," which in-
c1udesthe applicant's ethnic back-
ground. 

"II's not all about numbers. [Stu-
dents] won't be a good doctor just 
bccause of their numbers. It's what 
they can offcr to the school and to 
society," said Student Regent 
Terrence Wooten. 

But Conncrly, who is African 
American, argued, "I don't want 
the day to come when my gnnd-
daughter is denied entrance be-
cause she is no longer 
underrepresented. " 

"Proposition 181 is I sign of the 
angertbat is out there in the state of 
California, .. he added. "That is the 
question wc're going to have to 
face. It's been brought to us by the 
citizens out there." 

Now ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR 1lIE 

t"laJKJlo. tIf&1T Ret/','uJI 
I Servtng the UCSD ........... CCIIIIIIIunlly IInce 1915 
• M.D.'S 1'RAINING M.D.'S-QF-THE-FUfURE • 

'INIINSID MCAT preperaIioo.t medical sdIooI appIicatioa/ 
IdmlIIionI aaiIIIIICe are all we dol 

• MCAT !'tIITS: an iadepcDdeat propun tlUpt by UCSD-ttained 
ICIdcIllic M.D.'I, top M.D.-PhD. c:andidIles,.t EqliIh Department 
PILD. faculty. 

" OIIGINATOI. DDllimulalor, of iDInIiYe MCA T prep in San Die,o. 
" U 1!111" (150+ boun) of detailed ~ iD8lrUctioD.t real MCAT 

tad .. proIIIem IOtviq, ~d. warUbopI, review poups, 
med ICbooIIppIkatioD .t 1Ib1 .......... tueorift&. 

" - PAGA of ori&iDal take-borne review nota. readiaJ.t writillJ 
IludypideI, MCA T &: admiIIioIIIllnlel)' Mndoull, problem sell, .t 
MCAT ~Ity timed pncdcle UIIDL 

"RIAL MCAT DSDNG fur in~_.t llte-bome pnctice. 
" IMIJCT CONTACT witb youaa UCSD doca • mcd lludents. 
" nr!pBP'i JIIHDed lilnry &; .... 1tIIooI appllcatioa belp included. 
" OJ( c+"", It die UCSD SdIooI at Medici •• 
" LOWlRDlDJQN ..... otber COW'IeL 

ENROll NOW! 45&·8488 

The UCSD Cuardi':n 

187: 
ContInued from ..... 1 
said that their goal is to allow un-
documented immigrants to attend 
school and prevent the schools from 
reporting students' identities to the 
INS. 

He said the case wiU argue that, 
because the relationship between a 
university student and the state is 
contractual, Proposition 181 con-
tradicts the Federal Civil Rights Act 
of 1866, which prohibits discrimi-
nation based on alienage in the right-
to-contract. 

Undocumented immigrants cur-
rently PLY out-of-statc fees in both 
the community colleges and the UCS. 
"Our objective is for this policy to 
continue," Abascal said. "It's legal, 
and has gone on for some time." 

"Thc measure flies in the face of 
ntionality," Guillen said, adding that 
the measure would treat foreign stu-
dents, whose parents don't pay taxes, 
better than undocumcnted immi-
grants, mlny of whom are tax-pay-
ing California residents. 

Guillen also argued that undocu-
mented immigrants provide a net 
gain to the university system, rather 
than the net loss suggeSted by pro-
ponents of Proposition 181. 

The California Legislaturc As-
sembly Committee On Higher Edu-
cation dctermined that the 14,625 
undocumented immigrants in the 
university systems resulted in a net 
gain of$2,339,250for 1994, includ-
ing out-of-state tuition. 

Chris Manson, a legislative aid 
to Assemblyman Mickey Conroy, 
who authored an illegal immigra-
tion measure, disputed the study'S 
figures. He said that the number of 
undocumcnted immigrants was very 
low, according to a study by the 
auditor general. The study found 
that an estimated 83 undocumented 
immigrants at SDSU cost the uni-
versity a total of S6l1,520. 

This figure may be misleading, 
however, because undocumcnted 
students in the CSU system pay in-
state fees, resulting in a loss of rev-
enue. The Assembly Committee's 
study found the CSU revenue loss to 
be outweighed by gains for UC and 
community colleges. 

Jesus Dot also argues that Propo-
sition 181 violates the federal 
Buckley Amendment, which pro-
hibits the release of information on 
public school students. 

UC Davis student Irma Munoz 
estimated in a study for MALDEF 
that the universities -could lose as 

NEWS 3 

much as S 15 billion in federal fund-
ing as a result of violating federal 
law. 

Manson disagreed, saying "the 
simple fact of the mailer is that they 
are in violation of federal law al-
ready by being in the country ille-
gally." 

A second temporary restraining 
order on Proposition 181wasissued 
Wednesday by U.S. District Court 
Judge Matthew Byrnc Jr. The case, 
Gregorio II. Wilson, attempts to re-
peal Proposition 181 in its entirety, 
arguing that a state's immigration 
law cannot supercede federal immi-
gration policy, based on the U.S. 
Constitution's Supremacy Clause. 

The suit also charges that Propo-
sition 187 denies due process and 
equal rights protections under the 
14th Amcndmenl. These arguments 
were backed by the U.S. Supreme 
Court in Plyler v. Doe, which struck 
down a similar Texas illegal immi-
gration law in 1982. 

UC President Jack Peltason re-
leased a statement saying that his 
office will begin to develop regula-
tions for Proposition 181, following 
the executive order. However, the 
university will notbegin implement-
ing the measure until the courts have 
resolved the legal conflicts. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to (ollect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your education 50 far? How 
many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MeAT. Is 

to these tests, we work through MeAT passages every time 
the class meets. Nothing you encounter on the MCAT 

should be a surprise. 

there such a thing as overkill in IigeI1US ~._ ftltsblPS 
a situation like this? 

Hyperlearning offers 
the most intensive 
MCAT prepara-
tion available. 
We work hard to 
give you the most 
for your dollar. The 
most required hours, the 

~MCAT> 
PUP .. · 

most motivating environment, V 
the most complete and current mate-
rials, and the most qualified instructors. 

Tbt 1_. cllIQllrte, iDd IIIISI iDt_1IfAT (1IIlf iWIablf 

You'l write thirtttn half-hour essays. While this 
program improv~s scores dramatically, a few 

students need even more help. We've designed • 
one-on-one writing sessions (five weeks 

each) for students who still have concerns 
about this imponant subscore. 

Btlp Db thr iPl*ilieo prl(e5S 
We won't abandon you after the 
MCAT. We have interview and 

• 12 weeks, 4 meetings pcr week (Saturday, Sul\day, and two week-

application resources, seminars, 
catalogs and profiles on a1I126 
U.S. allopathic medical schools. 
We have a Macintosh" 
AMCAS application template 
so you can work on your appli-

cation until you're satisfied. Then nights). More than 130 total hours. No wimps need apply. 
• 2.5 hours per meeting, 44 separate meetings. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our system and send it off. 

If nun iDd rHlrsi" IIIf anT (,n f,r ,III • We help you re-Iearn, rather than merc:ly review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
youll need to get a winning MCAT score. 

All of our materials are subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills SprOalW iosInKttn ,hi iTtUpmS iii tftlidd 

• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-
cialized, MCAT -experienced instructors. 

• All instructors have earned at least a 
Master's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our course. 

demanded by the new format MCAT. We now offer 2600 
pages of focused review materials, hundreds of practice 
MeAT-style passages and five practice MeATs. 

You'll take two diagnostic tests in addition to two 
fulHength MCATs just before the tcst. Taking the first diag-
nostic test early in the course will alert you and your instrueton to your 
weak areas in both science knowledge: and test-taking skiDs. In addition 

Ally ~uriiIos? 
Just give us 'a call at 

800 MD-BOUND 
(1-800-632-6863) 
Well make sure you 

. get what you've 
(already) paid for. 
~U •• _~_/~ __ - ... -~ 

C711 JJ-IIIII ·,lf8t::1l ., III '!:/ 
WJlEN ITS TlJIE'1YJ G1I' SEBlDUS HOIIT THE TEST." 
.1",~"""","_MCAT""C ___ "'_II'.n.. .. Oot __ "T""' •• __ .~ 

_ ......... _oIA«f1a"- .... 



" OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY: SHOULD GOVERNMENT ALLOW GENETIC ENGINEERING? 

THE HOSTAGE 

G enetic engineering is the wave of the future scientifically, medically and eco-nomically. Its applications range from birth control to the possible curing of 
terminal illnesses such as cancer and A1DS. Propo-
nents believe that restrictive legislation would no t 
only place shackles on U.S. co mpetitiveness, but 
would result in many unnecessary deaths. They 
believe that we should not be so short-sighted as to 
severely hamper huma n progress by allowing mis-
givings about scientific advancement get in the way. 

The magnitude of recent discoveries in the fi eld of 
genetic engi neering, the forefront of biotechnology, 
has lead many to dub this decade as the beginning of 
the Genetic Age. Researchers, armed with new, 
powerful biological techniques, are stripping the 
secrets of three and a half billion years of molecular 

TO SCIENCE 
evolution. Yet, frighteningly, more than in any other 
field of science to date, the public plays an entirely 
passive role. Biotechnology corporations aggres-
sively pursue their own interests, unchecked. As a 
result, important ethical issues are usually disguised 
in the garb of scientific expertise and " resolved" by 
the scientific community . 

In April, 1987, the U.S. Patent Office announced 
that genetically engineered animals were patentable. 
In 1988, a black woman gave birth to a white child 
through embryonic genetic manipulation. In 1993, 
researchers at George Washington University suc-
cessfully cloned human embryos in the laboratory. 
As a result of advancements in DNA cloning, it is 
now possible for a family to have identical siblings 
separated by any number of years. Thousands of 
human embryos lie frozen in laboratories, awaiting 

See HOSTAGE, Page 6 

By Sage Fltz-Gerald. Staff Writer 

.... 11e ••••••••• nownoN . 
1884 1979 ' Oct:---011-.. - r-199---3------I Rrst recorded instance of 
artificial insemination, 

The Ethics Advisory Board of the Researchers announce that they 
National Institutes of Health (NIH) have successfully ·cloned" 

I according to a disputed concludes that federal support of human embryos by splitting the IVF could be ethically acceptable embryos' cells and using them to ~ount. in certain situations. grow identical embryos in the lab. 

1980 
Federal funding for IVF 
research Is banned when the 
NIH Ethics AdvIsory Board Is 
disestablished by the Carter 
administration. 

1990 s 

111M 
NIH's Human Embryo 
Research Panel meets 
to establish new funding 
guidelines for research 
In the United States. 

' REGULATION, NOT TERMINATION 

A dvancements in the field of genetic engi-neering could potentially save thousands oflives each year. Though the public may 
view this progress as a cause for 

celebration as well as concer!1~ genetic research is 
essential in discovering cures for lethal and debilitat-
ing diseases such as cystic fibrosis (CF). 

Approximately ~O,()()() Americans currently suf-
fer from CF, the most common, fatal inherited disor-
der for descendants of Europeans. About one in 
every 20 Americans is a carrier of the CF gene; they 
do not exhibit symptoms, but can pass the gene -
and thus the disease - to their children. CF patients 
have many medical problems, tbe worst of which is 
bacterial infection of the lungs, which eventually 
lose eluticity and, consequently, the ability to ex-
tract oxygen from tbe air. According to Joe Palca in -

Discover, the average life span of a CF patient is 29 
years. 

The only existing long-term treatment for CF is 
for the patient to receive a lung transplant. However, 
there are not enough donor lungs available for all CF 
sufferers. Such a transplant is also ineffective against 
problems with other organs, such as tbe spleen and 
the pancreas, which are affected by CF. Therefore, 
even a lung transplant does not cure the disease; it 
alleviates only tbe worst symptom and does not help 
any of tbe others. 

Recent advancements in genetic research, how-
ever, offer hope for a cure for CF through gene 
therapy. A major biological breakthrough occurred 
when, only four years ago, researchers at the Na-
tional Institutes of Health (NIH) in Betbesda, MD, 
performed the first gene therapy experiment. SiDce 

See TREATMENT, Pa. (; 
B Y Ann a Val. man. 0 pin I o .n 6 d Ito r 

Mowy, Noyem.ber 21,1994 ....... y, Noyember 21,1994 ~ UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

MOSKOVICS SHOULD NOT RESIGN 
EdItor: 

I w~ dismayed to read Jeremy 
Davis' letter ("Muir College Com-
muter Council Ignores Students," 
Nov. 10), which uked for Stuan 
Moskovics' resignation as Com-
muter Council Chair and Commuter 
Student Representative. 

last year, I served u tbe Muir 
fresbpcnon senator and I currently 
serve as member-at-large on the 
Muir College Council. Conse-
quently, I have seen the multitude of 
activities which Moskovics has 
planned. The MuirCommuterCoun-
cil huorganized ... incredible num-
ber of ac:tiviliea due to his good 
work, includina Commuter Celebra-
tion Day. Welcome Week Orienta-
tion for Fresh-clOmmuters, barbe-
cues, noon concerti, movie nights, 
luaus and much more. 

In asking for Moskovics' resig-
nation, Davia places his desire to 
smoke over everything else and 
ignores the great work Moskovics 
hu done at Muir. MosItovics voted 
aa:ordina to what he fell was truly 
in the interest of Muir commuters. 
He 1tncw that there would be reper-
cussions in proposing and voting 
for this resolution, but he went 
ahead with it to protect the health 
of Muir students. I am proud of 
Moskovics' courage to vote for the 
good of his fellow Muir students, 
despite the a1most certain personal 
costs. 

Davis attacks Moskovicsforfail-
ingtoobeytheCommuterCouncil's 
vote. The job description oflhe com-
muter student representative is to 
represent the interests of commuter 

students, not the Commuter Coun-
cil. As a member-at-Iarge, I spoke to 
several Muir students, both com-
muters and residents, and I found 
that the majority were in favor of a 
smoking ban. To limit his vote to the 
opinions of the few members of the 
Commuter Council would be negli-
gent. 

I find it very telling that Davis, 
who, IS a house advisor, is both a 
staff member and a resident, makes 
no mention of the Residents' Coun-
cil representative, George Ellis, who 
failed to vote in agreement with the 
Residents' Council. The reason for 
this wu that George Ellis, in ignor-
ing Residents' Council, voted 
against MOikovics' resolution, u 
Davis had wanted. 

Davis ended his letter with 
"Moskovics' 'little group is so vin-
dictive.' They will do anything to 
get what they want." How, in good 
conscience, can Davis write this? 
Trying to remove a dedicated vol-
unteer from participation in Muir 
leadership because of a single issue 
is truly vindictive. Il is a sad day for 
Muir College. 

8el\Jainln Katz 

VotIng for Proposition 
187 Was. Mistake 
Editor: 

I have recently overheard the ra-
tionale for voting against Michael 
Huffington for u.S. Senate because, 
as a proponent of Proposition 187, 
he is a hypocrite for having hired an 
illegal immigrant. 

The ultimate irony, however, is 

READERS' 

FORUM ~ 
TIle GuInIIen II8Ic:omes IIitIetI mn Its 1NdIts. 
All ,.,.,. must be no /otWt1r IMn fine ~. 

~. Ik1III*-IPIIC«1 n S4f1ed. IiIII _ 
II!fI ,.,., '0 ICIIt for /etWIIh n CIIIfO'. SenD II 
leIIIHS to: 

The GuIIrIIIan 
0pInj0n Editor 

9500 ~ Dr. 0316 
U JaIl-. C4 9209303115 

that Proposition 187 makes no men-
tion of sanctions against employers 
such as Huffington. This is the fun-
damental flaw of the initiative - it 
docs not address the root of the 
illegal immigration problem, which 
is the availability of jobs. The pri-
mary motivation for the majority of 
people from nations such as Mexico 
who come here is to find work, not 
to receive free social services. A 
person from a country such as 
Mexico, who can earn in one day in 
California the amount of money 
that it would take him a week to 
make in his native country, is likely 
to take the risk of getting sick to 
stay here. We should have the com-
mon sense to keep these workers 
healthy. 

As long as the demand for cheap 
labor exists in this state, illegal 

immigrants will continue to come, 
and California will have to provide 
them with social services or face 
the consequences cited by oppo-
nents of Proposition 187, such as 
the spread of disease and thou-
sands of kids out of school and on 
the street. 

UCSD Professor and Director of 
the Center for U.S.-Mexican Stud-
ies Wayne Cornelius said, "Propo-
sition 187 perpetuates a fantasy, in 
which people believe that they can 
have all the benefits of a cheap, 
readily disposable labor force, with-
out any social residue or cost to 
public agencies." 

The stupidity of Proposition 187 
also includes "intangible" repercus-
sions, such as the complete deterio-
ration of U.S. relations with other 
countries such IS Mexico, as well as 
the growing intolerance of illegal 
immigrants, who contribute not only 
economically, but also intellectu-
ally and culturally to the state and 
the nation. 

In passing Proposition 187, Cali-
fornia voters have made one of the 
most shortsighted and ignorant mis-
takes in recent history. 

Mleezyslaw Boduszynsld 

Proposition 187 Is Not 
RacIst AgaInst Mexicans 
Editor: 

What amazes me about the on-
going debate raging in the commu· 
nity which claims that racism was 
the main motivation for the passage 
of Proposition 187, is that the oppo-
nents of the initiative, for the most 

part, appear to have never read the 
text of the proposition! 

Anyone who thinks that Propo-
sition 187 is specifically anti-Mexi-
can is wrong. The "leaders" of the 
initiative 's opposition, including 
California Rural Legal Defense 
Group Attorney Claudia Smith, the 
Mexican-American Legal Defense 
and Education Fund (MALDEF), 
Mexican-American Political Asso-
ciation (MAPA) and Chicano activ-
ists have an agenda which is not 
American. In their quest to reclaim 
California as a pan of Mexico, they 
have targeted taxpayers as the fa-
cilitators of illegal immigration and 
open borders. 

Proposition 187 is about illegal, 
aberrant and subversive behavior, 
whether one is Italian, Russian, ira-
nian, French, Canadian, Chinese or 
Mexican. It says that if one breaks 
into this country, he is not entilled 
to the benefits which it offers its 
citizens and legal immigrants. It 
says that if one uses forged or stolen 
documents to get those benefits, he 
has committed a serious offense 
and might go to jail. It is about 
ending the gravy train for law-break-
ers and thieves who come in the 
night to steal, at the expense of 
those who can least afford the un-
abated dilution of the jobs, educa-
tion and benefits pool legally set 
aside for them. 

Proposition 187 will eventually 
become the law of the land. Maybe 
we will all sleep a little better, know-
ing that it isn' t OK to break into our 
country any more. 

wme Heming 

RepIII'I 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda HVlJlndJlII'f..~ 
IIDIIDA . 
\,..I Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura 

Exc.lI.nt reterence. from our .. tl.fIed customers I 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.555) 
t. Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a lot more than others, It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 

damages 3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 11 . Check cooling syslem & hoses 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

3S-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for {w/·injected. Our major tune up jncludes: (reg. $150) 1. c:ompr..Ion _ 

2. \IIIIIe",-, 11 . ~ust timing 20. Lube Iront end 28. Check and recharge 
....-: 12. A ust dweif angle 21 . Check & replenish all betteries. jf necessary". 
3 \1liiie _ gMk" 13. ust carburetor ~id & oil levels 29. Rotate tires (ff needed) 

, (It,...." 14. us. air & luel ratio 22. Check electrical system 30. Check tire piessure 
4. BpMI""" mixture , 23. Check lor loose & lost 3 t . Lube door hinges 
5 ~ poinII t 5. $t steering box bo"s 32. Check all holders 
S· ~ • t6. ust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling sys.em & 
7' AIr..' t 7. A ust brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
S' 01 .. ' t8. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lights 34. Check exhaust system 
8: Ga • • Mel t9. Check & ad~SI exposed 27. Check undP.rcarriage 35. Road .est 
10, EngIne cI bens for damages 

Noll, I", kylindor ~rs add $20, Toyota Supra" add S30. Oatsun 2005)( ... 111 8 spllk plugs. add S35 

a Credit Card is as Easy 
as Opening a Savings Account. 

Complete $164* 
Clutch Job 

1. ___ .... ( ... _1 2. __ 

3 . .-.... 
.. -~ ~. PIo1""'" --... ............ 

Brake Job $38 * Special (reg. $80) 
FronI or fUr. "".. job iItcIude$: 1,_..-111 __ .. _ _ 

--

5. _ _ _ 1yIIIIn 

I ·MIoIII_(l1_1 111C1 

--

No tall. No t..Ia Open uavi19 account 
with USE CNcIit UNan, and you cin cplify 
llulediltet,. Yaur line--6om $100 to $SO,IX»-
" ..... bp the imdIln your -vin& account. 
.,." a Low 13.9'11 APR· FIud Rate 011 
.. " r ch .. CiIh AAhaca 

If J'OUw daDe yow home ...... you know that 
the rile on USE'. sm.. SecurecI VIla " 5 to 
7 patent Iowa tNn ocher ftud rile canIa. 

And we'll eftI\ waive our low $10 annual fee 
for aedit limitl cJ $2,000 or _ . 

CaD today for aU the deatla or stop bp our on-
campus location. Be IUIe to Ilk about our other 
areat credit card UNiam 
pqrartII. At USE, STAn a 
atahIilhlng credit . CREDIT 

~'tbeeaAer. .. 
-

T~ S3S·1676. 3100 Oilman Drive 
___ . ...a.._"~" •• """ __ ""'''''''''''''AI_'''''. ___ Al_'''''.'''' 

....... _ .. 7. __ 
-.,,,.-
--

z. DI* old _1oId 
3 . ........... ~~ 
•. 11011~"" 

7~ ___ (H 

-.-1 1. il0i0i_ 
Timing Belt Special $99* 

Brlnd new Plrts. AU lilout our IIIICIIls on .nglnts. All our work hi. I 2-,'lr or 
2O.000-mll. 11m"" Wlanly. All prlcn Inclatlt Plrts Inll Ilbor . 

.... -OYel ... 
la ....... '0'. X 8008 Miramar Rd. -695·1990 

... IIlE.-I-'" • 
CII tDr IIIP**'WIl 



6 OPINION 

HOSTAGE: 
Continued from ,.,. 4 
a science-planned "birth." Moving 
Aldous Huxley's Brave New World 
from the science-fiction 10 the nonfic-
tion shelf in the library is not so far-
fetched. • 

In recent years, through the c0op-
erative effort of the Human Genome 
Initiative, scientists have discovered 
the human genome, or detailed map of 
all human genes. This means that ge-
neticists will be capable of "custom iz-
ing" anything about humans, from eye 
color to virility to heighl Genetic ma-
nipUlation involves a permanent alter-
ation of the gene line, the basis of 
human individuality, and subsequent 
progeny. Therefore, changes made on 
the genetic level are automatically 
passed on to children and grandchil-
dren. This is a blatant violation of the 
integrity of the species. As U.S. Rep. 
Charles Rose(D-NC) pointed out, "We 
are engineering ourselves away from 
natural selection [and) into a mechani-

TREATMENT: 
Continued from page 4 
then, researchers have made monu-
mental advancements in gene therapy. 
Though, in the past, the procedure 
required weeks of intensive labor, 
both in the laboratory and the operat-
ing room, it now consists of dripping 
a liquid containing a genetically al-
tered virus into a patient's lungs. It is 
no longer necessary to remove and 
culture cells so that genes can be 
placed into them - the virus does all 
the work. 

A virus' job is to infect cells and 
cause them to reproduce other cells 
which contain the virus. In gene 

cal selection of traits. " 
Current genetic engineering ex-

periments reflect a dehumanistic and 
materialistic attitude toward living 
beings. When genetically engineered 
animals were declared patentable in 
1987, the Foundation on Economic 
Trends President Jeremy Rifkin ac-
cused the patent offICe and biotech-
nology companies of "reducing the 
entire animal kingdom of this planet 
to the lowly status of a commercial 
commodity, a technological product 
indistinguishable from electric lOast-
ers, automobiles, tennis balls or any 
other patented product." 

The communication gap between 
geneticists and the public, coupled 
with astonishing scientific develop-
ments, could easily lead to a techno-
cratic societal chasm between elite 
researchers and the masses. The 1993 
reauthorization bill for the National 
Institutes of Health (NI H), the birth-
place of the Human Genome Project, 
left the NIH with a fistful of blank 
checks when it mandated that the Eth-

therapy, this idea is taken one step 
further. "The virus would infect the 
lungs' cells and dropoffthenewgene, 
[which] would, in tum, cure the cells 
by correcting their genctic defect," 
says Palca. So, by treating genetic 
symptoms, one can treat physiologi-
cal symptoms as well. Though gene 
therapy is still in the experimental 
stage, it plays a vital role in'finding a. 
cure for CF, as well as many OCher 
genetic disorders. If results prove to 
be consistently successful, gene 
therapy may soon be performed rou-
tinely in a doctor's office. 

The argument to halt genetic re-
search does not take into account its 
immense capacity to heal. Research-

The UCSD Guardia 

ics Advisory Board would not be re-
quired to seek approval for fundi "8 in 
vitro and human embryo research. 

Genetic research is obviously a hot 
field. However,dccision-makingpower 
remains exclusively within the bio-
technology industry. Current genetic 
"education" ofthepublicconsistslOlely 
of print and elearonicmedia rcportsof 
discoveries, and formal instruction in 
public schools is nonexistenLIt is 0b-
vious that citizens are hardly equipped 
to participate in decisions related 10 
genetic intervention and research. 

~ view of the incredible stakes, 
genetic research and experimentation 
on humans and the human fetus should 
be banned unconditionally until an 
executive infrastructure is secured 10 
oversee the ethical, moral, social and 
political issues involved. The govern-
ment must stal)d guard against dan-
gerously ambitious scientists and 0b-
jectively mediate between the 
biotechnical community and the pub-
lic. If it doesn' t, nature may well be-
come a hostage to science. 

ers should be extremely cautious 10 
assure that safety and morality are not 
overtaken by scientifIC greed. How-
ever, more government regulation 
than that which already exists would 
diminish scientific progress. We 
should encourage more organizations 
such as the Recombinant DNA Advi-
sory Committee which can use their 
extensive knowledge of scientifIC re-
search to the public'S advantage. 

We must not allow fear of the 
unknown 10 prevent treatments which 
could save lives. We can end the need-
less suffering of thousands if we look 
beyond our fears and inlO the vast 
positive possibilities of genetic engi-
neering. 

'71U Pulse. is tktlicatetl to 

mal(jng sure !J0u're gettinJJ tIie 
6est services ani protluc.ts we 

can give !Jou. j1s tlie tTUlnager, 

m!J jo6 is to maK! !Jour tla!J a 
fittfe easier -- 1M!J6e sfww 
you fiow !Jou can maR!- your 
worRJoota fittfe 6etter. 'l1ie 

P1.lLS'E is fie.re to answer !Jour neeis. Tfio.ts wfi!J we're 
. rigfit on campus. We Ire a part of tfie. campus communitg. H 

Moaday,Noye~r21,1994 

DUE WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23ID 
AT A TUEAm NEAR You 

UC San Diego BOOKSTORE 
Wednesday Night live Guests 

No program - Bookstore wiD close at 6:00. 

An Exciting Series 
Of Lectures, Readings 

And Performances 
Hosted By The 

UC San Diego Bookstore 
6:00 PM - 7:00 PM 

-James 9(uenzi 
Store manager 

Nov. 16 Dr. Henry Powell 

• 

CENTEt 

For ~-~..I!!:! c., • .. ·AIIIl MorwI 

Copies • Film • Supplies • Sign production • Computer araphia 
Open: HondaJ thru Saturday 

Phone: 619-677-9000 
I..oar8cI on the MCOnd tIoor of the Price c.nw 

Plus C;1rd and Campus Rcchal ge ;1ccl'ptl'd 

"Books & Other Things Irish" 

Nov. 23 William Luvaas 
Going Under 

V.S. Ramachandran, M.D., Ph.D. 
Prolessor 01 Neuroscience, Cognitive Science 
and Psychology 
"How the Brain Generates Human Nature" 
Peter Irons, Prolessor 01 Political Science 
Brennan vs, Rehnqulst 

Dec. 14 Jerome Rothenberg, Professor of VIsual Arts 
and Bert Turetzky, Profeasor of MusIc 
"Textsound: A Performance of Poetry and Music" 

Moaday, November 21,1994 

FEES: 
ContInued from ..... 1 
crease fees by 18 percent for the 1994-95 
academic year, but decided in July that it 
would reduce the fee hike to 10 percent if 
the trigger mechanism was not imple-
mented. 

Regents announced at a board meeting 
Thursday that the average UC undergradu-
ate student fee of $4,072 per year will be 
increased by only $345 for 1994-95. 

In addition, all UC employees will re-
ceive their first cost-of-living adjustment 
in four years. 

However, because the state has pro-
jected a $2.8 billion expenditure for illegal 
immigration costs to be reimbursed by the 
federal government next year, the respite 
from fee increases may not last into the 
next academic year. 

"If the state is able to fund our full need, 
we will be able to maintain student fees at 
their current level next year," said UC 
Provost WaIter Massey at last Friday's 
regent's meeting. 

"If state funding falls short, we will 
have to continue looking to student fee 
increases as one way to help fund the 
budget," he added. 

In the past, the UC has compensated for 
the loss of state funding by decreasing the 
budget, suppressing salaries and increas-
ing student fees. 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
SunUr,Nov.13 
3:21 ..... : OffIcers arrested a 24-year~ld male non-affiliate for the 
concealed posesslon of a fixed blade knife at Scholars Dr. and 
Voigt Dr. Transported to County Jail. 
7:1I •. m.: An 18-year~ld male student suffered from a seizure at 
Regents Rd . Transported to Thornton Hospital. 
Monell" Nov. 14 
7:10 p .... : A staff member reported the theft of of a blue '87 Mazda 
RX-7 from Lot 503. Loss: $7,500. 
TueICII" Nov. is 
2:01 p.m.: A staff member reported the vandalism of the Sun God. 
4:00 p.m_: A student reported a battery by her ex-boyfriend in front 
of Solis Hall. No Injury. 
Wedneedly, Nov. 18 
2:31 p.m.: OffICers arrested a 27 -year~ld male non-affiliate for the 
attempted burglary of of a '92 Honda Accord. Transported to 
County Jail. 
1:00 p.m.: Officers arrested an 18-yearo/')ld female student for 
misuse of a handicapped placard at Lot 504. Cited and released. 
Thundl"Nov.17 
12:28 •• m.: Units responded to Tunnel Door alarm activation. 
Contacted: three students. 
10:10 •. m.: Officers arrested a 5&year~ld male non-affiliate for 
misuse of a handicapped placard at Matthews Ln. Cited and 
released. 
1:41 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a '91 Chevy Blazer from 
Lot 702. Loss; $13,000. 
FrldI" Nov. 18 
2:31 p.m.: Officers arrested an 18-year old and al9-year~ld male 
student for public drunkeness in the Price Center Plaza. One 
student was cited for posession of a fraudulent identification. 
Transported to detail. 
2:03 •. m.: A citizen arrested a 19 year~ld male DOll-affiliate for 
posess ion of a false identification, posession of alcohol and public 
drunkeness. Transported to detoll. 

D 

p 

WE ARE OPERATED BY 
UCSD STUDENTS 

TO SERVE THE CAMPUS 
COMMUNITY 

Located in the 
Student Center 

Hours M-F 10 - 5 
Phone 534-4279 

Closeout sale prices on all 
'94 models of Raleigh and 
Mongoose bikes in stock 

Inexpensive bike repair and tune-ups 
Mountain Bike Rentals 

NEWS 7 

Copying services 
Full color copies 

Fax services 
Volume discounts 

Presentation materials 

Binding services 

Color laser output 
Resume service 

Computer rental services 
(Macintosh & IBM) 

La Jolla 

457-3775 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 

(La Jolla Village Cente r) 
Pacific Beach 

483-1852 
Poway S.D.S.U_ 

679-3600 Oceanside 287-6188 
433-5112 

Convention .Ctr. Escondido 
525-5450 Mission Valley 747-2945 

294-3877 
Downtown Sports Arena 

685-4960 San Marcos 523-2900 
599-5588 

Kearny Mesa Chula Vista 
573-0515 EncinItas 482-1700 

634-4500 

~------------------, l 89 ¢ Full-Color Copies l 
I Bring lhis coupon into any of the Kinko's listed above and gCl8lh'xl l" fu ll I 
I color copies for 894 each! Resizing costs extra. We cannot reproduce I 
I copyrighted photos. ot valid wilh other offers. One ~. I 

coupon percuSlomer. Goodlhrough November 30,1994. klnd,,6,. L __________________ ~ 

Open 24 hours, 7 days a week 
free pick-up & delivery 

LSAT • GMAT • GIE • MCAT 

HOW WILL YOU 
PREPARE FOR 
GRADUm SCHOOL 
'" .... BIICIIWI ... '" _ ,_ 

This veur. over ,10.0uO Sludcll ts will t:l ke our 
LSAT. G~IAT, (;RE, and MeAT ~'Ou=s . (lur 
small c1Hsscs conslM of H to 1 S studcn rs 
grouped bv , hared IcsH"kinll strellgths and 
weaknesses. so Vflld l ~ct plcn lv o( pe rsnna l 
:Hlcntion. \Vc send team s Of our h i~hl y 
1 'jI~~ tra ined inst'r llClOrs (0 c\,(' ry lc~t 

~ administr:nion to ensure thai \\C h~t\'c up-to-
d:n c ma H.!ria ls . 

........... 
~_~ O ur G ,ut/es 10 TIle IJest HllS/lieSs. L<I<z', 

a nd A/l!dll,(11 S(..'lIuuls nor on ly pronlc 
schools. hur .. I.so incl ude I h~ rcsull" uf 
son1<' of the la rj\cst s tudcnt nnd 
:ulmini!oitrutor sun 'cv!'I ever ( .. 'onduch.-o. And if 
you're 11m ready fo'r more classes, . \men(',(I~ 

Ciio_.-J Thp I()() Inr('I'7ls'llIpI' is the 111<1,,1 popular gUIlI,. 
of its kind 

For morc inforlllntion :Ih(lut our courses. plcasc1:nll LIS at 
(800) 2·REVI t;W. To order OIlC or 11I0re of OUI books, 
ptease cull (/'100) 79;1·1l00K. 

~ 
.................. 
••. m.11 Inf.rfl MIa com 
.\mt'r"'a Onli,,~ ke\'''Ofd " s.ItJo.:nl 
Work' " 'Ilk Wctt hup},.· .. · .. III!' tc .... .,,," 

(~, ~ r~k! ... oom 

~THE PRINCETON REVIEW 
(a, !-IIEVD 

. , 



MODday.Nove~r21.1994 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
~ 

• lJCSO VIIi\or·. progrllm is offwIng fr .. 
Slnlay afternoon tours 0/ UCSO for San 
Diego r4llidenll and viIiIDII. Mini-\II/1101n 
ate a\l8illble tile tnt and third Sundays of 
.. ch month. starting at 3 p.m. from the 
Gilman Infolmation Pavilion. Walking tours 
are offered on alternative Sundays, also 
starting at 3 p.m. from the Gilman Pavilion. 
Special group 1DUrs can be ananged upon 
request. The tours include some of the 
Stuart Collection of outdoor sculptures, and 
do not Include building interiors. There Is a 
minimal UCSD parking fee. Reservations 
are necessary, and may be made by calling 
5304-«14. 
• 9-4:30 p.m. The OASIS Writing Center 
is a free service for UCSD students. We of· 
fer individual wr~ing conferences for any 
type of writing project: papers, personal 
statements and creative writing. Call 534-
2284 for an appointment or drop by our of-
fice in the old Student Center, Building A. 
Room 214, 
• OASIS LangUlige Program provides 
free Moring assistance to studen1s whose 
native language is not English and to those 
doing work In Spanish. FrenCh and Russian. 
A diagnostic test on written English is avail-
able on request. Monday-Thursdays 9:00-
4:30pm and Fridays 9:00am-3:00pm. Call 
534·2284 for more Information or drop by 
our office at Student Center Building A. 
Room '214. 
• Let OASIS Study Man.gement Center 
help you this quarter with time management. 
notetaking and editing, teldbook analysis, 
memory, ftexible/speed reading, vocabulary 
development, and GRE Preparation Work-
shops. Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 5304· 
7344 to set up a personal appointment. Also. 
stay on the IookoU! for those valuable OA· 
SIS Study Skils Workshops. Monday'Thurs-
day 8:00 a.m . . " :30 p.m .• and Fridays 8 
a.m.-l :00 p.m. 
• Mentor If you're graduating this quarter 
and job-seeking, we'lI matCh you with a pro· 
fessional in your field of interest who will get 
you started networking in the local job mar-
ket. Sign up at reference room desk. Free. 
career Services, 
• ProfHSlonaI/Graduete School Advis-
Ing Daily appointments available for iasues 
related to admission to professional or 
graduate school. Cal 534--4939. career Ser-
vices. 
.8 a.m.-4 p,m. SlGI + Computer-beMd 
prog""" of career Informetlon designed 
to help you clarify your skills values and in-
terests. For more info, corne to Career Ser-
vices Center. $10. 
. 1 :30" p.m. Drop-ln AdvIaing For help 
with career goals, job hunting. resume 
preparation and related issues. No appoint-
ment needed, just walk In. Career Services. 

Tuesday, NovembBr 22 
.,f a.m. Interviewing Sk". Woricahop. 
Learn techniques required to be successful 
in the Interview process. 

LECTURES/SEMINARS 
Tuesday. NovembBr 22 

• 4 p.m. Physical Chemistry Seminar, Pro-
fessor diaf Einarldottlr from the University 
of California, Santa Cruz. will present "F'" 
ReactIOns of Cytoch_ Oxlcle .. : Plio-
lodilloclation of CO and Synthltlc 
0I01lYVl" carriers.' Location: 4501 Pacific 
HaM, Hosted by Professor John Simon. 5304· 
6699. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Come and check out your physical ~I 
Sign up for FITSTOP for a personal. free 
physical fitness assessment. Sign·ups are 
downstairs in the Student Health Center. 
• Start the year off right. GET IN SHAPEI 
Come to Student Health Services. second 
ftoor. sign up for a FREE Fitness Assess· 
ment Call 534-2419 for info. 
• FREE SEX ... HeeIth Information at Stu· 
dent Health. Leatn about birth control and 
STDs from Student Health Advocates on the 

• 2nd ftoor. Call 534-2"'9 for information. 
• Have you Indulged In one too mlny 
Junk food binge.? Keep tabs on your cha-
lesterolleve! by coming to Student Health. 
call 534·2419 for schedule. 
• GET IN SHAPE WIlli FITWALK. Fr .. 
fitness walking program sponlOred by Stu· 
dent Health Advocates. M(W/Th/F 12-
12:50pm. M/TufTh " -" :50 p.m. limes vary 
eaCh quarter. For more information call 534-
182 .. , Bring a frlendl 
• FREE Condomal 00 you know about. 
.HIV7 If you have a group of 10 or more you 
can request an HIV Peer Educator Program. 
WeH tailor a program to rMet your grtlups 
needs. 
• Flu Shot. aval .. bM at Student Health 
Servlcel. Protect yourself for this upcom· 
ingwintert Only $511 M/Tu/Th8-11 a.m., Wed 
9·11 a,m .• Frl 8-11 a.m. & 1·3 p.m. 
• Want to learn more about seKUlI health 
Issues? Anend a Womena Sexual Health 
Information Setalon: its FREE. Come to 
the second ftoor of Student Health Services 
Mondays 2:00, Tuesdays and Thursdays 
to:OO and 1,00. Wednesdays 11 :00 and 
1:00. 
• Looking to Improve your health? Come to 
the second floor of Student HMth Services! 
FREE Nulrttlonal Health ~menla. 
Cholesterol screenings oniy $5. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
~ 

• The QI6 caN Collective is IooIdng for 
rnemberI. 00 you .. e to cook? 00 you went 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 

10 leam how? Drop by the Ch8 CaM during 
business hours: M·F 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. , W 4 
p.m.-6p.m. 
• Want 10 get irMlIved wHh • Christian goup 
that has a sincere t.att for God? Come InC! 
check out Gampue CfuaacIe for Chrlllll For 
more information cal Matt at 581 -1663. 
• The W-. R_carar Ween-
courage ..w (and old) II1udentB to come in 
and become familiar with our many services 
and discussion groups. We are located In 
the Student Center, right neICt to A.S. Lec· 
ture Noles. Drop by and say Hli 
• GIve back to your cullin by pr0mot-Ing ~ __ amont \he Allan 
CommunItyIIt tall .. only 3 hours per I'IIOf'Ih 
to participate in an outreach. If you haYeany 
questions, contact Georgia Robins Sa<Ier, 
Ph.D. of the cancer CeIlIer Outreach Pro-
gram at 534-7611. 

Monday, NovembBr 21 
• 3 p.m. Student Env'.ror.mental ActIon 
Coalition C8mpus Ecology Meeting. Every-
one Is Welcomel Its our campus, our c0m-
munity, our state. our planet. Questions? 
call 534·7909. Meeting above Soft Ae· 
serves In Room 208. (W88Id)1 
.4:05 p.m. Rev .... Progr8mmlng Boll"' 
meeting. Deans office. (Weekly) 
.7 p.m. Ltab"n a.y BIanuIt ~ 
lion General business meeting, oome 01.( 
and get involvedl Location: Womens A. 
source Center. 534-GAYS (Weekly) 
.7 p.m. lntemallo .. elClub.Join us lcr a 
Thanksgiving Potluck, bring a dish for Ill., 
enjoy? Meet at the International Center. 
(weeIc/y meetings) 
.7 p.m. Circle K Intem.lollal meeting 
located on the second ftoor of the Price 
Center, Gallery B. (weekI)? 

TlJ8Sdj!y, Nov.nbBr 22 
• 2:30-4 p.m. JapenHIlMlgwge TIbIt. 
Meet new peopie, practice your Japanese, 
PC Berkeley Room. Sponsored by JNNS 
(JapaneH American Society) (WHkIy! 
• 5 p.m. PSt CII (paych. Na\n'1 Honor 
Society) Is holding the Fal Induction Cer· 
amcny and meeting In the D~ivenide 
Room In the Price Center. Speaker II Nich0-
las Chrlstenfeld Ph.D. ,., are welcome 10 
attendl , 
.5-6 p.m. UCSD Single P-a SuppoII 
Group meeting. The group Is an Invaluable 
resource to single parents lit UCSO. Par· 
ticipants share their ellCplrienc .. and con· 
sequently receive I wealth of ....... rance 
and IUPPOIl They help one anoIhIr Impro\/t 
parenting sklill and 10 incrIaM their lei-
dernic eftIciency lOCI pIOduc:IMty. LocatIon: 
UCSD Early CNcIIood cn.r, MuItI-PIw. 
pose roam. Gall 546-8148 for ~ Ibmelloll. 
(weeIdy) 
• 7:30 p.m. c.l-Anlmage Beta CtMiI*r 

wit be showing more great ~ Anl-
mation. This week: Mallon Ikkoltu 11161, Pat 
Kibur, Legend of tile Galactic Heroes 115, 
3Ic3 Eys". and The Cockp",1 , 
.7:30·9 p.m. Campua Cruaa. for 
Chrfll'. Tueeday"Prime Tme' meeting wiU 
be held in the AIv~ Room In the 
Price Center. Check it out! For more infor-
mation call Ma1t at 581·1853. 

W8dnesdIIy, November 23 
• 3 p.m. Student EIwI/'OI-*I Ac1Ion 
CoIIItion Campus OuIreach/BiOdiversity 
meeting. EV8fY008I. Welcomelits our en-
pus. our community, our state. our planet 
0uesIi0ns? Call 534-7909. Meeting above 
Soft R..--s in Room 208. ( .... Iy! 
• 5 p.m. Interested in 1Indirlg out about in· 
IIImItionaI experienc8I and apportuniIite or 
anxious to share own tICP8f'IeIlCI with oth-
ers? Corne to ero.. CIAna Club. Group 
topic ditcusaions, acIivities and more. Lo-
cation: International Conference Room. 
.5 p.m. WlIcIerMu Club: Join nature en-
thusiasts for hiking, biking, climbing, back-
pacidng, and more! MIll above KSOT at 
the picnic tables or cal 260-6914 for weekly 
information. (~Iy! 
• 7 p.m. 18at Indicator (AlternatIve .... 
dla Publication) Meeting. Looking for writ-
ers, photographers, layout ar1l111, ~ 
you wish to contribute. Be a part of Alterna· 
tlve MedIa. (Weekly) 
• 7p.m. Food Co-opOperational meetings 
In the Student Organizations Room above 
the Food Co-op and Bike Shop. ( .... ~ 

Thursday. November 24 
.3 p.rn. Student Envl/'Ol-*l Ac1Ion 
Coalition Campul Recyciing CommIttee. 
Everyone Is Welcomelits our campus, our 
commun~, our state, our planet. Qu .. · 
tiona? catl s:M-7909. Meeting above Soft 
Reserves In Room 208. (~Iy! 
.5:30 p.m, AmerIcan Chemical Sodtty, 
Student Allliates are putting on a field trip 
to ranlilt R~ labs. Email acs@cham 
or cal James at 5304~176 if Interested. lo-
cation: CS8 001 . (wee/II)I\ 

Friday. November 2S 
.,2-1:30 p.m. Pan-AIIIn 0DmmunIIy F0-
rum May bring lunch. Leader: Jeanne 
Maneee, 5304-3035. Moun1aln View Lounge. 
{wwIcIy} 
.2-4 p,m. AIcohoIanll ~AbuII 
Group: led by Dan Munoz, 53.·3755. 
(Weekly) 
• 12 p.m. CaM haw lunch wfth FSSI 
and meet your profeslor1 at the InIerna-
1IonII Center. "'I-you-can-eat lunch $2.50. 
(-*1)1 

SaUday. NovernI»t 26 
• ~ p.m. can.pua 1Iac:II,_ Led by 
Phil RaphMI and Fred Vn-o MoIritIin 
VIew loII1ge: (MeIdy) 

Roter KUO/GUBf(/i8fl file Illustration 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
.RaaI~at1d 
Egypt 1850-1900. Location: UniYersity 
Art Gallery, UCSD. Guest Curated by 
Geoffrey Batchen. On display until De-
cember 15,1994. 534-2864. 
.11Ie IUnan CondItIonILa Condlclon 
Huma.,. Is a bI-nationaI project by Joyce 
CutIer-5haw, linking the HospItal GeneraJ 
de TijUl/18 and the Veterans AffaIrs Medi-
cal Center In La Jolla. Portraits, poems, 
and waI.". to depict the unique char-
acter of the popuIatIona of each hospital, 
aa well aa their common humanity. 
Projects ate on view ootil November 24. 
Information 277·7321. 

n-day. November 22 
.5 p.m. Soul Trwn FREE CONCERT 
at the Price Center from CALPIRG. 7 
Bands: The Watershed, Heavy Veg-
etable, Plutonia, Soleada, Malcontenl 
Mind, SplIt-Shake, and Mine. Help save 
the AncIent Rainforest. Also including a 
speaker from Rainforest Action Network, 
free seeding trees, sIdee, ra1lle, reqded 
products and morell 
• 7 p.m. Women'a BaakedNIII . UCSD 
VI. Claremont eolege. Location: Main 
Gym. 
• 7:30 p.m. eal-Anlmage has FREE 
Japanese AnImation shows (aubIltIed In 
EngHsh) In Soh HaH 107. (wwkIy) 

Friday. November 25 
.6 p.m. & 8 p.m. lIen'a Baabtball Tri-
ton TIp Of! Classic. UCSD, Point Lorna, 
Christian HerItage and 0ccidentaJ. loca-
tion: Main Gym. 

Saturday. NoVfH1lber 26 
• 6 p.m. & 8 p.m. lien'. Bukllball . 
Triton Tip 011 Clessic. Consolation Game 
6 p.m.; Cham~ Game 8 p.m. lo-
cation: Main Gym. 

SundBy. November 27 
.10 a,m. The Archery Club at UCSD 
meet behind Thornton Hospital. Cal Tania 
al 658-a123 for questions. (~ 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
OngoIng 

• Intsr VIraIty awt ..... ~p an 
Interdlnominatlonal, ItudInt led, Olristian 
group. Small group bibII ItUdIM meet on 
Monday, TuNday, WednlldayltevaryCOi· 
lege with WI all CM1IUI gdIII' fNtIfy TlIurI-
day at 7:00 p.m. at York 2822 for worship, 
apeakIr, Ind r.IIowIIIIp. For informaIIon call 
Jeff at 521-1288. 
• w..1D gil irMIIIIedwilla ChrIIIIan ~ 
.,. halalinoare "-'for God? Come and 
c:hD CIa Canlpuaen....far ChIllI! For 

CALENDAR 8 

mDN i IformatIon call Matt at 581· 1853. 
• c.thoIIc eo.-nty: AI. !he UrMrIIIy 
Lutheran Church, rna.. on Sunday at 
8:15 a.m., 5, 7 and 9 p.m.: T~ at 5 
p.rn.: Wedneaday at 9:30 p.m. : and ThIn-
day at 5 p.m. Thursday Supper at 8 p.m" 
$2, All Welcomel 

7l.wdBy. foJtNemtJM 22 
• 12 p.m. Bible study, atudent center. 
North Conference Room. t-kly) 
n 7:30-9 p.m. Campua CruMde for 
Chrlat'a Tueeday ·Prime Tme" meeting 
will be held In the Price CeIlIer In the Riv-
eralde/Davll Room. For mor. Info cal! 
Mall at 581 -1653. Check M outl 

Wednesd8y. November 23 
• 7 p.m. Apoetollc Feltow.hlp will be 
having Bibie Study on the New Testament 
In Solis 110. Come and join usl (weekI)? 

Saturday. Novemb6r 26 
.S:30-7:30p.m. CtutlveWorahlps.... 
vice. About, by IU1d for college students 
and young adults. Good Samaritan Epls· 
copaI church, comer of Eastgate Mall & 
Genesee, 2 blocks north of UTC. Call 458-
1501 for information or rides. (weekl}1 

Sunday. Novemb6r 27 
.10:15 a.m. Celebration ServIce Con· 
lemporary worship service with CNer 300 
college students In attendance: band, 
drama. and most Importantly ... relevant 
sermontopicsl 4747 CoIlegeA\lenU8, San 
Diego. Need a ride? 558-0632. (weekI)? 

SERVIC£S/WORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 
.~a '-Counae/ars (tralned by 
Psych, Services) Need a confidential 
friendly ear to listen? Walk-in hours or call 
for appointment . Wornens Resource Cen-
ter, 

Monday. November 21 
• 12:30-2 p.m. Men, Work and RIll-
tIonahlp Group: Led by Jeanne~, 
534-3035, and Fred Vanhoose. Call for 
sign-up. Mountain V_ Lounge. (weekl)1 
.12:30-1 p.m. Drop by and Dlacu ... 1-
cohol or drug related laau •• with 
Michele. Someone else's abuse may be 
concerning you too. HSS 2056 (weekl)1 
• 3-4:30 p.m. Graduate Mena and 
Womena Group: Led by Equilla Luke, 
534-3755, and Howard Rubin. Call for 
sign-up and location. (weekI)!) 
• 4-5:30 p,m. LesbIan Womana Sup-
pon Group: Led by Nickie Golden, 534-
3456. Gall for Information. Revelle CoIege 
Provost Bldg. (weekI)!) 

Tuesday. November 22 
.12 p.m. AIcohoIIcaAnonymous open 
meeting , Muir Biology Building Room 
1208. NeM:omers weIcomel (~ 
.1 p.m. LMbIMa, Gaya" 81_ .... 1 
Have queatlons? Want someone to talk 
to? Need a IUppor1Ive erMronment? Drop 
by Uterature Building 3247 and talk to 

BrIan. (~ 
.2:30 p.m . ...... and Women IIoIeated 
_ Children: Led by Miriam 1osupovIci, 
534-3755, and Fred Vanhoose. Call for 
sign-up. Revelle Formal Lounge (weekly) 
.4-5:30 p.m. Woman rnoIeIWd _ chll-
dren: Led by Beverly McCreary, 534-
3585. Cal for sign-up. 1003 GH. (WIIII!Iy! 

Wednesd.ty. November 23 
• 12 p.m. LAIIIIana, IIIYS and blllXU-
... , Have questions? WId. someone to 
talk to? Need a supportive environment? 
Drop by HSS 2056 to taJk to Ann Lyn . 
(weekI)!) 
.3-4:30 p.m. Womanmol .... d_chll-
dfWI: Led by Nickle Golden, 534-3456. 
CIII for sign-up. 1003 GH. (~ 
.3-4:30 p.m. GrlatOroup: Led by John 
Wu, 534-1579, and Nancy WehIig, 534-
5793. Cal for sign-up. RIMllIe Provost 
Bldg. (weeki)!) 
.6:30-8 p.m. Gay and BIae ... Mana 
Suppon Group led by Brian and Mall. 
Corne join us In a confidential and sup-
portive environment. Student Center B 
South Conference Room. (weekly) 

Thursday. November 24 
• 6:30 p.m. Gniduate Gay & " .. xuat 
M_ Support Group: A safe, conIIden-
tIaI environment to meet other gay and 
bllexual men and dlscusa concerns abclIA 
sexuality. Led by Malt In Student Center 
B , Lower Level Conference Room. 
(weekly) 

Friday, NoVflf'flbef 25 
.12-1 :00 p.m. AIcohoIIca Anonymous 
open meeting, Muir Biology Building 
Room 1208. Newcomell walcomel 
(weekly) 
.12-1:30 p.m. Pan-AIIan Community 
Forum: May bring lunch. Leeder: Jeanne 
Mane.e, 534-3035. Mounlaln VIew 
Lounge. (weekly) 
• 1·2 p.m. LAIIIIana, Gaya & "MlCU-
"a' Have questions? Want someone to 
tal< lo? Need a supportive environment? 
Drop by Uterature BuIlding 3247 and taik 
to Matt. (WNId)1 
• 2-4 p.m. Alcohol and Subltance 
Abu .. Group: Led by Dan Munoz, 534-
3755. (weeki)!) 
.4-8 p.m. CMlpua BIIIc:k Forum: led 
by Phil Rapha .. and Fred Vanhoose. 
Mountain VIew Lounge. (weekI)!) 

OTHER 
• The WeaIdy Calandar Is always look-
Ing for Illustrations and photos from the 
UCSO population. If you ar .. photo all· 
cIonado or a drawing freak who captures 
the ~ofthe tImeI , bring yowworlc 
to the GuardIan alice, upItairs In S1udant 
Center A. You wi be c:ornpenaated for 
your contribution. (weekly) 

MODday, November 21,1994 

Researching text? Looking for themes 
and meanings? Developing theory? 

(Using Grounded Theory)? 
A computer makes qualitative research much easier. 

Specialized programs for mM and Macintosh 
computerS are now powerful, user friendly, and 

available. We stock almost all there arel 
(SttItk"l8: /fYOIlIttJw,,'llltIIWd 0" yo"r WIll or diutrtallo", 

law Ihu ad YOII'!!PlHd /I whe" YOIl do!) 
Brochures! Questions! Consultation! call: · 

Qualitative Research Manalemeaa, 329-7026 
e-.ail HaUock _Hofl'maa@mcimail.com 

LA JOLLA 
FERTILITY 
CLINIC 

La Jolla Fertility Clinic 
To help our infertile coupIaa we have an IIIIabIIatIed 
prowam for egg donorI and eurrogateI. We prvvIde 
In-houae counseling ..vtcea and oonfIdential 
scrariIg. 
Compensation II provided for egg cIonors (12,000) 
and IUrrogat_ ($12,000). Our program II run by 
Board certIIIed physic:Ians. 

(800)74-FERTILITY 
(819) 450-9100 

Tutor Mira Mesa HI&h teens-work~, 
. In the claasroom, homework lib., and with 

sporta teams or dubs. AU rnIIIIorS needed, 
-.~afsldn. We~, 'APPllcations now available In 

the Volunteer Connection. 2nd ftoor. PrIce Center, 

INFO MEETING: ~ 
MONDAY; NOVEM8ERi1 

6 PM 
STUDENT LEADERSHIP ROOM 
3RD FLOOR, ~ICE CENTIa. 

For more information contact the 
VCIuIMrB ca,iIt:ncIt. 534--1414. 

~WFARS99 
DISPOSABll.S 

= .. '129 
::!m$139 

• ....... fIUIID 
• GlA-.Ill'lICAIa 
• cc.trI 1ft .u. 

·NO.wa •••• ..-wY 
SlH&lfINNaI 

••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

275-1132 
1 00/ All REPAIRS /0 OFF With thiS coupon ~, '-My or>d _ willi • .tid ucso 10 . '£>apt""*" or>d If ............. ov.rNuI $1 ,000 limit. Not v8Iid wiIh _ coupon. Exp, 6130/96. 

PECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING 
~icolas Jon Dana 

CAGE LOVITZ CARVEY 

Tral'pedin 

REE MOV 
Monday, November 28 • 

8:00 PM 
Mandeville' Auditorium 

Counesy of 

Free Passes .Available at the 
UCSD Box Office 

Monday the 28th at NOON 
Presented By University Events 

9 



10 FEATURES 

THIS IS 
FOR THE 

LEARNING WHEN TO 
SAY '000' IS JUST 
THE BEGINNING ... 

YIiM:Iv ZoIotOffN/GuMdien 
Lee Redelln tak .. aim with his 
binoculars (top). Rose BorzIk ' 
points out a ruby crowned klnctett 
In her bInInC IuIde (bottoIn). 

By FRANCISCO DEVRIES, 
FEATURES EDITOR 

The UCSD Cuardi_ 

I t was 8:30 on a Monday morning and I was standing on the shores of Lake Murray staring up at a tree. It was cold and hazy. I was surrounded by 25 other people, all look-
ing at the same tree through binoculars. Occasionally, 
they would say "000" and point. 

"Oh," announced our expedition leader Zim 
Zimmerman, "there's a nice bird." 

"000," said the group. 
I squinted and thought I saw some 

movement in the shrubbery around the 
base of the tree. 

"That's a Ruby Crowned Kinglett," 
Zim added. 

"000," said a college professor all the 
way from Ontario. 
Full-Cont.cl .1~wlltcIIInC 

As a sport. bird-watching gets about as much re-
spect as bowling or lawn darts, except without .the 
action. American Gladiators it's not. 

The idea of quietly watching little critters flutter 
about fills most people with the urge to flee. No roaring 
motors. no gunshots,41o bloody noses to proudly boast 
of to your friends. 

Bird-watching is strictly a no-contact sport. 
But maybe this is the reason I wanted to try it out. 

What is itabout standing around look-

MODday, November 21,1994 

said. About seven)'ears ago, he became involved with 
the Audubon Society and for the last five years he has 
been leading "birding" trips. 

Some 2,000 people have followed Zim around 
Lake Murray for an introduction to the an of looking 
at birds. Zim estimates that over two-thirds of those 
first-timers have come back for more. Not a bad track 
record. 

Turning to face the crowd, Zim began with the all-
important introduction to binocular usc. Having no 
binoculars, I stood around and looked sheepish. Every-
one else turned their knobs and twisted their adjust-
ments. 

"The next essential piece that you need to be a 
birder," Zim continued, "is a good field guide." 

I didn't have one of those either. I had no idea that 
watching birds had so many requirements. 

Luckily, field guides - books full of bird photo-
graphs, maps and descriptions - are far more condu-
cive to sharing than binoculars, so I peered over my 
neighbor's shoulder. According to Zim, the Audubon 
Society's guide is only so-so, a "birder" is much better 
off with the Western Field Guide. 
LotaolPnIIIC 

Bird-watchers have found something that the rest 
of us seem to miss - there may be more to San Diego 

than I had previously thought. 
ing at birds standing around looking Gu A ~r-\I A. tI.. 
at you that makes someone get up at F """''-''tftI' 
7:00 in the morning? EATURES. 

I wanted to find out what that was. 

To the untrained eye, San 
Diego docs not look like a na- . 
ture preserve - it looks more 
like a parking lot. Yet, despite 

My reponer instincts were piqued. 
My adrenaline pumped. I dreamed of the Pulitzer 
which was sure to be mine. 

Luckily, the San Diego Audubon Society runs an 
introductory bird watching field trip every couple of 
months at nearby Lake Murray. 

It is unclear how exactly Lake Murray escaped 
becoming an office complex. You head towards EI 
Cajon, hop off the freeway in a maze of strip malls and 
subdivisions, and then - poof - there is a big lake 
surrounded by trees, bushes and, most importantly, 
birds. 
The ..... .,. 

At the lake we met Arnold "but my friends call me 
Zim" Zimmerman, the morning's fearless leader. He 
was talking with a large group of people. They all had 
binoculan. 

I had no binoculars. 
"Where are your binoculan?" Zim asked as soon as 

I'd introduced myself. 
I promised to look through other people's binocu-

lars, if he promised 10 explain how one becomes a 
fearIea bird-watching expedition leader. 

Zim .tarIed early. "AI a lid I'd go around iD 
Minnesota, out in the country, Iookill8 for birdl," he 

all the bulldozers that money 
can buy, hundreds of species of birds still make San 
Diego their home. 

San Diego County boasts over 450 different species 
of birds, of which u many as 150 have been found 
wandering the shores of Lake Murray. 

"San Diego county has identified more different 
species of birds than any other county in the United 
States. So we're really fortunate," Zim said. 

Armed with the birding basics, Zim directed our 
.attention to a nearby baseball field full ofblackbirds-' 
four different types of blackbirds, to be exact. 

Twenty-five people, with the unison and coordina-
tion of army recruits on their first day of boot camp, 
took position and aimed their binoculars. They twisted 
knobs and adjUlled adjustments. 

"000," said the group. 
Alarmed, the blackbirds took flight and beaded 10 

another side of the field. The group adjusted quietly. 
spinning to their ri .... to keep the blackbirds in focus. 

SatiaflOCl lbat everyone wu in sync, lim headed 
out. We followed. 

o.tlleYnlll 
"000, here •.. everyone look here," Zim called out 

See -. PICe 10 

MODday, November 21,1994 

BIRDS: San 
Diego is more than 
just a parking lot 
ContInued front PIlle 10 
aftera few minules ... It's an osprey ... 

"000," said the group from be-
hind their binoculars. 

Picking up the· intricate birding 
lingo was turning out to be quite a 
challenge. 

However, just about every other 
member of our introductory birding 
group had no trouble with the lingo 
whalloever. I began to get a lillie 
suspicious of these "beginners." 

Every now and then a group 
member wou,d say, without any 
prompting from Zim, "000, a white-
crown sparrow" or "000, a ruby 
crowned king lett. " 

How did these "beginners" know 
the difference between their 
kingletts? I have trouble telling the 
difference between medium and 
large eggs in the grocery store -
and I consider myself fairly edu-
cated. 

how botdIed it - all I got were 
perplexed looks. No, these people 
were pros. 

I started asking questions. 
It turned out that Naomi Will-

iams was on her second trip with 
lim. "I always learn something 
new," she said. 

Rose Borzik was quickly flip-
ping through the pages of her well-
worn birding guide when I ap-
proached her. ""'s good to be in a 
group like this because the pace is 
slower," she said. 

Lucy Nelson "started (birding] 
years and years ago," she said 
proudly. "I love it, it's like a little 
treasure hunt." 

I started feeling a little like a 
tourist who stops to ask a local ques-
tions. Then I spotted two women 
hanging in the back of the group, 
fiddling with their binoculars and 
looking frustrated. 

Apparently, not everyone was 
quite ~ experienced. I headed over. 

"I got these binoculars to go 
whale watching," Priscilla Snyder 
said, while twisting knobs franti-
cally, "but I couldn't find those ei-
ther." 

The UCSD Cuardian 

"I can see 'em better with my 
eyes," Pri~iIIa decided, letting her 
binoculars hang from around her 
neck. 
.'I.IIItUII .............. 

"That, I'm pretty sure, is a 
Cooper's Hawk," Zim said as my 
new friends and I Caught up with the 
group, "We do have a pair of them 
around here." 

"000, I found him!" Priscilla 
announced triumphantly from be-
hind her until-now useless binocu-
lars. 

Cooper's Hawks are large birds. 
Maybe not man-eaters, but big 
enough 10 suck down a cat without 
much tiifficulty. The hawk was cir-
cling overhead slowly, as if waiting 
for a straggler to hang behind the 
group. 

"000 .. . you hear over there," 
Zim said excitedly. "The California 
gnatcatcher!" 

This was the first time Zim had 
been excited all day. It was conta-
gious. We all crowded around to 
catch a glimpse at the endangered 
bird. 

"They're really becoming rare." 
Zim explained. "We used to have 

FEATURES 11 

They people knew exactly when 
to say "000." I tried an "000" after 
seeing a Great Blue Heron and some- I had found my traveling pany. See BIRDS, Page 13 Birlllnc ,ulde Zim Zimmerman blazed the trail. 

Boxed 
ceramics es 
. Glassware Ho..,wares 
CoDectbr's Pol'Cdiln 
AfgbarJS 
0iIIIen6111.itft:h1adis priced as 
n*"4L WIdIe cprttliles last. 

o 

20% 
avmgs 

Gift BOoks 
Fiction BOob 

Non·fiction BOOks 
Cblldren's Books' 

Sale BoOks 
calendars 

Technical Books 
DI8cOuIlt 01;1 books taIIt.n at Jelister 

(3000 • 8000 ames only. Magazines. best· 
IdIIn, .... eaI .. textbooks not Induded.~ 

, , 

- ~-- - ~ --- - --------
- - -- ---

-- --
- - - - - -- - - -~-

• 

HELP 
WANTED 
Computer expert-
especially Mac and 

desktop publishing. some 
copier experience a plus, 

graduate students 
welcome. 30-40 hours 

a week. $7.50/hour. 
Call James or Margo 

at 677-9000 or come to 
The Pulse in the 

Price Center. 

AIIJU"f wbo" up ... ".,._ 
.... "111 IIIIt ".'" .... ,. " 

btutt", ..., aIIIII. -""":lJ P." 



12 

., 

The UCSD Guardian 

, 
t 

1 
1 

15 

Monday, November 21,1994 

AARON BROfHERS-
Professional framing advice, special 
order catalogs available. ALASKAN 
YOGURT. BANK OF AMERICA 
- 24 hour banking! BJ'S 
CHICAGO PIZZERIA - Free 

delivery to UCSD campus. BLOCKBUSTER. 
CENTURY 21 VILLAGE REALTY ~ Sellers - free 
market analysis. Buyers - free qualifying for new homes. 
CLOfHESfIME - Layaway, all major credit cards 
accepted,24 hour holds. CORNERSIONE 
MANAGEMENT. DEAN'S 50 MINUTE PHaro -
On site enlargements, passport photos, 24 hour slide 
processing. FLOWER BASKET. ~REAT EARTH 
VITAMINS - Free samples and literature! 
HARf ICOSSOLIAS - Individual, couples and 
specialized group counseling. INDEPENDENCE ONE 
BANK OF CALIFORNIA - Banking services. 
KINKO'S LA JOLLA - Fax service, resume service, 
passport photos. LA JOLLA APPRAISAL. LA JOLLA 
COFFEE SlOP - Buy 9 cups, receive the 10th free. LA 
JOLLA NEWPOKf FINANCIAL - Local 
underwriting 48 hours and pre-approvals. LA JOLLA 
VILLAGE DENTAL GROup, Dr. Eshom, D.D.SJ 
Dr. White, D.D.S. LA JOLLA OYfIKS, Dr. Colin 
Bernstein, O.D. PACIFIC EYES & T'S. PACIFIC 
THEATERS. RADIO SHACK - We ship anywhere in 
the US.' Financing available. RALPH'S GROCERY. 
SAMSON'S BAKERY & DELI - Eat-in, take-out and 
catering. SAV-ON DRUGS - One day film processing! 
STATE FARM INSURANCE - Lori A. Long, Agent 
STROUD'S LINEN WAREHOUSE - We'll meet and 
beat any price by 5%! Personalized service, special 
orders, monogramming, custom window coverings, 

luxury linens. SUNNY FRESH 
CLEANERS - One day service. 
Professional, quality-oriented cleaners. 
T.G.I.FRIDAY'S. TRAVEL TRAVEL 
LA JOLLA - Full service travel agency -
cruise experts. U.S. POSTAL SERVICE .. 
WELLS FARGO BANK ATM. 
YOUNG ATTITUDES - Professional 
services and products for hair and nails. 
HERB'S CHJMNEY CLEANING-
OK, you can't get your chimneys 
cleaned, but in every other way were 
here to serve. 

MODday, November 21.1994 The UCSD GuardiaD 

Audubon Society Director of Sal .. Ron Johnson lent hi. knowledCe, and JCope, to our outIn&. 

BIRDS: An 
education in the art 
of saying '000' 
Continued from pa&e 11 
six or seven pairs around the lake. " 
Kind of like Democratic congress-
men in Washington, I gathered. 

Gnatcatchers are found in the 
scrub brush around San Diego. Un· 
fortunately, it is just that kind of 
scrub brush which developers love 
to turn into things such as Rancho 
Bernardo. 

Gnatcatchers are very small . 
Bulldozers are very big. It really 
hasn't been much of a fair fight. 

I never did see the bird, but I sure 
could hear it. Gnatcatchers sound 
like a mouse that has learned to 
whistle badly. 

"That's such a good sound," said 
a woman in the group. 

She was wrong. It sounded more 
like nails on a blackboard than any 
other animal I have ever heard. But 

the photo I saw in the birding book 
was cute, so I'll definitely root for 
the little guy the first time I hear 
about some developer laying plans 
for Rancho Lake Murray. 

distributed to novices likemyself, is 
that you have to have "carefu I man· 
ners." No frolicking, no loud noises, 
no trampling, not even any "pro· 
longed viewing," is allowed. 

Blura of Color 
By morning 's end, Zim had 

logged 42 different birds - "pretty 
average" for a trip to 4ke Murray, 
he said. 

Formany, thisissimplytoo much 
to bear. Most people see sports as an 
escape from the niceties of every-
day life, not an addition to the rule 
book. 

Heading back to the car, Priscilla 
counted only 10 birds which she had 
seen. Of course, she went mostly 
without the aid of binoculars. 

I didn't keep very good track of 
my sightings. I saw at least a dozen 
blurs off in the distance which Zim 
told me were chock·full of beautiful 
colors. Sneaking peeks in neigh-
bors' glasses probably netted me 
another five or 10 birds. All in all, 
not bad for a beginner, I decided. 
Not A Cup of ,_ 

As Zim is the first to admit, bird· 
watching is not everyone 's "cup of 
tea." Rule number one for birders, 
accordingtothe Birding Ethics sheet 

However, though bird-watching 
lacks the excitement of the USC 
game on channel eight, there is some-
thing to it. Bird-watchinggol meoff 
my couch and away from my reo 
mote control. Taking a peak at the 
450 birds which roam just outside 
the window of my University City 
condo gave me a better look at San 
Diego - one that you can 't find at 
Horton Plaza. 

As Zim was quick to point out, 
birding is something that just about 
everyone can enjoy without damag. 
ing anything or anyone. 

Just don't forget your bi nocu· . 
lars. 

~ Actuarial Interns 
Don't Just Crunch 
Numbers. 

AI Tf'USlllllerica ure Companies our 
future is in the hands and minds of our 
actuaries. 
So we offer an intensive Sununer Internship 
Program that trains )Qu to deYeiop, price 
and market financial security products and 
10 analyze the finandal results. Our 
prognm includes: 
• Hands-on work experience 
• StdI'-1ed selllinan 
• Study time ror actuarial exams 
• Exam reimbursements 
• Recognition reception 
If you 're a seU-motivaled achiever, inspired 
by innovation and excellence, you'U 6nd the 
challenges rewardinS 31 Transamerica 
Ure Companies. 

Come To Our Actuarial Program 
Information Session 
November Z8, 1994 
12:30PM - 2:00PM 

Career Services Center 
. Multipurpose Room 103/104 

TRANSAMERICA 
• LIFE COMPANIES 

Working together is the best policy.· 
.. _......., .... ~..t--.d.....,_ 
... ..,-Ir-' ..... --.. ... - ..... . 
_ .• _ ... _ ... _ .. ....., ......... 10""'" 

FEATURES 13 

S D 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

-$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL. 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFf 
FAI RMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
~ ____ AlPEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220 ____ ... 

Share The Gift of Life 
If you are in excellent bealth and between tbe ages of 

18 and 30, you may be eligible to .•. 

Become An Egg Donor f1J 

The Reproductive Sciences Center 
La Jolla • Poway 

for more information calL .. 
625·0125 



14 SPORTS 

TV: A guided tour 
to local sportscasters 
ContIIIued from ..... 20 
some of the most awkward mo-
ments occur when the anchors try 
to engage Farrar in ad-libbed com-
mentary, during which he usually 
demonstrates that he doesn't pos-
sess the powers of fluid speech. 
lbe ...... fill .. worat 

Rod Luck, KUSI, Channel 51: 
The big mystery here is not why 

this man is on TV, but why he is a 
sports anchor when he knows abso-
lutely nothing about sports. Almost 
nightly Luck will get stuck on the 
pronunciation of an athlete's name, 
and Dennis Morgigno - the anchor 
- will bail him out. Luck's order 

of stories is equally baffling. He'lI 
profile the Valhalla High junior VUe 
sity tumbling team before he'll tell 
us who won I crucial playoff show· 
down. 

Luck will zip through the base-
ball or basketball scores without 
highlights, as if to say. -Enough of 
this silly professional stuff, let's 
look at girls seven-and-under swim-
ming." 

Billy Ray Smith, KGTV, Chan-
nellO: 

Some would argue that B.R. 
(that's what his friends call him) 
shouldn't be on this list at all, since 
he really does not qualify as a 
sportscaster. But where do we be-
gin? First, B.R. can't speak. 

Well, maybe he can speak, but 
not when he's on the air. He stut-

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

ters, stumbles, stops aAd atrugles 
through the sportlc:all. B. R. also fits 
into the ex-player mold, but his con-
dition is much wone-he's still 
under the impression that he's a 
member of the team. Apparently, 
KGTV thinks that being an ex-
Charger and being married to the 
newsanchor is enough to win a spot 
on the air. 

This is not to say that all sports-
casters in San Diego are terrible. 
Some are average: Rick Powers, 
Mike Smith, and Bill Griffith. Oth-
ers are actually good: John Ireland, 
Jim Stone and Ted Leitner. But 
judging from the rest, it doesn't take 
much to be a sportscaster in San 
Diego. 

I hope to be on the air by Janu-
ary .... 

CASTNER: 
Fourth in nation 
ContInued from ..... 20 
other wily veteran, junior Robert 
Ho, who dashed to a 105th·place 
finish in 26:45. Junior Nate Johnson 
sprinted closely behind in 110th 
place with a quick 26:52 pace. 

-We gave up the idea of running 
together. The first two miles, we 
used the pack. The last two miles, 
used the course," Van Andale said. 

Gavin Klinger, part two of 
UCSD's youthful freshman duo, 
vaulted into the sixth-team spot with 
a 13Oth-place 27: 11 time. 

The Tritons' "king of pain," 
Walter Dehority, finished his spec-
tacular UCSD career by racing to 

MODday, November 21, 1994 

the final team spot in 27:12. 
"(Debority) is a champion, " Van 

Andale said. "His teammates will 
tell you, he runs hader with more 
pain than anybody else." 

None of UCSD's other indi-
vidual achievements, however, 
could outweigh the magnitude of 
Cuter's performance. 
. The race began with a wide start, 

and narrowed down signifJC8J1tly at 
the one-fourth mile mark. At one 
mile, Castner was solidly in the 
front-running top-20 pack, At the 
two-mile mark, as the pack split into 
two groups, he made his move. 

"[Castner] got the urge to move 
up to the front pack, and he did it," 
Van Andale said. "The pack faded 
apart at the three-mile point, and 
[Castner] then went for the top-tO." 

For more l"forma~lo". 
call 5:34-PLUS (75&7). WINTER QUARTER '95 IEnroll Now! I 

Thurgood 
Marehall •••••• 

COllege~ •• • •• ·-"i$~;···iP"iJ~a:;;;······:7"~··-· 
~. I!.~ .... Price pul.e~. .~ 
· · cenuitR .. · 

• • • • •• • • I )J,(q~H'\,U~ • 
•• John •••• ~~ •• -
.... ~;:.I~Q!II \ ...... \J(V .... 

•
•••• ~ UAD • ••• •••• • 

• Student ••• • •••• 
.... t Center ~ Oltfltf4' 'S-;'~iKROPOLIS BI:~OP EleanorEXPREtt 

Scripps Institute ~ Roosevelt ~~ 
of Oceanography ~ College ~ ~ 

Use it all over cam us! 
So I'm in the stall, I wasn't really looking for any action, and .... 

o 
.... 

"0 
<II 

"0 
.... 

U 
<II 

"0 

~ 
.e 

~ 
.... - ...... 

n 
.... 

o 
rt 

~ 
III 

:JrrpI ~l .81'1 I 08 any:> ,xw Am a.lo}i<l llPt 0, sa:antrpll l'JaJ 8 Pin{ I 

lJ() 1JL(f(fJJF1lJfi1lJ~ (JP AlL) 
public Service: practlcum In LearnIng 

• MENTOR culturally .wi Hnguisfially til .... 
kindMpt." through sixth glNe students 

• WBIl about edw:.tJon .nd how to woflr with studMlts In the 
tfeld through the cl •• sroom component of the cour. 

• J:Jae kids whoHIIw. Me on the bound.., to succ.dl 

TEP 130 
• tRtf'«M!E &In DNgo'slot»l schools, 

communltlft, .wi t.mJI. USP 106 
---------------------------------------------------------------Pi To enllll"n tile .... inqul .. at tile TMCIIIer A -,.: EdllOlllon Prog .. m 0III0e aldf, S17A (-0lIl'** ..r Adwnlu ... ) or cell tile YEP OftIDe .. 534-1_ -

... -.c-. ........ -.,. .... "' ........ .,.,.,.wrw", ......................... &La' ..... 
,. .. ....,._.-------",..._._-

The Sunshine Store Presents .•. 

Holiday 
Photo 

Greeting Cards 
--~.~ *'. ,.~. J#-

Just tlive us a 35mm color netlative and 
choose from 8 different card styles. 
Each desltln comes with It own 
matchintl envelopes. 
Quantity 20 40 

Price $9.99 $18.99 

60 

$26.99 

100 

$39.99 

Each Additional 
10 after 100 

$3.99 

There is an additional $4.00 charge if you give us color prints. Name printing 
is $9.00 extra. Please allow 5-7 working days to process each order. 

---
COUPON 

---

any holiday photo tlreetlntl card order 
placed at the Sunshine Store by 11-10-94 

MODda,., Noveaber 21, 1994 

V-BAIJA: Bears 
claw Tritons in four 
ContInued from .... 20 

Game two was a dog-fight with 
neither team able to establish mo· 
mentum early on. UCSD tied the 
game at five when Schofield deliv-
ered a tough serve wbich Wasbing-
ton could.'t get biac:k over the net. 

The Bears then went on anotber 
offensive tear, and UCSD had to be 
content to build momentum in the 
late slages as it found itself trailing 
13-3. The Tritons held the Bears at 
13 points for six sideouts before a 
service ICC by Washington '5 Nikki 
Gitlin broke tbe deadlock. The 
Bears grabbed the next point to take 
a 2-0 lead. 

Game three was an Tritons early 
on as they sprinted to a 6-0 lead 
before surrendering a point. UCSD 
then tallied points seven, eight and 
nine off a Wasbington error, a ser-
vice ace by Lee and a kill by Cro-
chet. Two points and a Bear timeout 
later, tbe Tritons rolled up three 
more scores when Schofield's tough 
serving forced an illegal set and an 
errant pass which Ripken pounded 
into the floor. Leading 13-2, the Tri· 
tons then hit a scoring drought. 
When Washington drew to within 
seven points on its fourth-strsight 
score, Dannevik called timeout. 

The move had little immediate 
effect as the Bears continued to 
charge, tallying the next five points 
and threatening to end the match in 
straight sets by pulling within two 
points at 13-11. 

UCSD then got key sideouts on 
a huge blast from Crochet and a 
back-set kill by Cross. This led to a 
block of AJben by the Tritons for 

their 14th score, 
bringing t~e 
crowd to its feet 
for game point. 
UCSD was de-
nied the win on 
its first two 
chances, but a 
big dig by Cro-
chet led to senior 
K r i s t i 
Askeland's kill 
and a third 
chance. This 
time, the Tritons 
didn't disap-
point, as 
Schofield deliv-
ered the ball to 
Ripken who 
pounded it off 
the block. 

The fourth 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

game was a tre-
mendous battle, 
as both teams 
worked hard for 
their points, and 

Chuck NCuYen/GuardiMI 
Krlstl Askelancl (14) .nd Madelyn Rlpkan (10) 
...... ·t the only ones UMble to stop Amy Albers. 

the Bears surged to the lead at 6-2. 
The Tritons then roared back to knot 
the game at eight points apiece 
when Schofield made a great hustle 
play, diving toward the net to bump 
up a stray pass which UCSD put 
over the net forla point. 

Three of the next four points 
went to the Bears, with the Tritons' 
lone tally coming on an awesome 
dig by senior Julie Harvey who 
bumped up an AJbers bomb. Cro-
chet then dinked a set over for the 
point. After a UCSD timeout, Cross 
crushed a perfect quick-set from 
Schofield off the block to make the 
score 11-10, Washington. The Bears 
managed to sideout, however, and 
reeled off three consecutive points 

to reach game point, 14-10. 
The gutsy Tritons hung tough, 

scoring points on a Ripken kill and 
a Washington error before Albers 
put the match away by dinking a ball 
over the outstretched arms of 
UCSD's blockers, which even a 
hustling Schofield couldn't retrieve. 

"As far as I'm concerned, this 
was the national championship 
match," Bears coach Teri Clemens 
added. "These were the two best 
teams in the nation." 

-I don't have a second thought 
about what we did," Dannevik said. 
"I'm very pleased with the way we 
played. We gave them the best test 
we could, we just got beaten by a 
better team." 

SPORTS 15 

TIlliS 101 - Theatre History 
Women, Performaaa Ir Sexual Politics (Coune cade '2114011 
Instructor: Katrin Sieg 
Oayffime: MIW 4:00-5:20 p.m. 
Plaa: U413-1 
This class is organized as part seminar, part workshop. We wll examine 
theoretical issues about women In theatre, as welt as read and discuss 
scripts. The first part of the course will 1001< at "personal" concerns as 
subject of public, political debate; the second part deals with Caryl 
Churchll's play Top Girls, and considers feminist uses and subversions 
of theatrical conventions; the third part examines feminist methods and 
motives for collective creation, and will lead up to a group performance. 

THDE 133 - Theatre Design 
Ideas aad Styles in Scenic Design (Co..,. code .219(17) 
Instructor: Andrei Both 
Oayffime: Thursday 9:00~1l:50 
Place: GH 1200W 
A class exploring the fundamental "ideas" and ways of seeing and think-
ing about the theatrical space. An integrated study through dialogue and 
viewing a large number of important and controversial theatre, film, and 
performance productions:'This course will be taught by Mr. Andrei Both 
who received his MFA at the Institute of Fine Arts. Bucharest, Rumania . 
He made his American debut in 1986 with Pinter's The Birthday Party at . 
the Guthrie Theatre. He has worked and exhibited his designs in 
Czechoslavakia, Rumania, Hungary, Israel, and West Germany. 

THGE 122 - Theatre General 
Chicanos on the Screen (COu ..... code 11190311 
Instructor: Tony Curiel 
Oayffime: Tu-Th 1:00-1:50 and M 3:00-5:50 p.m . 
Place: York 2622 
This course will focus on how Chicano characters, narratives, and 
themes are presented on film and television. Specific Chicano analyses 
wilt be used to evaluate the artistic and social ramifications of the works. 
Mr. Curiel has been a professional director for over ten years. He has 
directed at the Burt Reynolds Jupiter Theatre, th .. Asian American 
Theatre Company (S.F.), at the Ge Va Theatre in New York and, most 
recently, Culture Clash's The Mission at the La Jolla Playhouse. 

Hwrr. 
Monday. lrid~y &: 
S'lun:by-9~m·6pm 
·I ~ay. W~nHdlr at: 
Thuncby-I)"m·8r m 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

.t6. A Style From YOUNG 
AnlTUDES and This Ad! 

Men's Cuts ........... $4 OFF 
(Rqj.2 1.00) • 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr., 
La Jolla Village Center 
(Near Ralph. & S.von) 

Women's Cuts ...... $S OFF 
(Rqj.26.00) 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 

CK ROAD 
Family Amusement Centers 

• 
• 
• FREE: 

GAME TOKENS: 
v..w-..n-..Bq;r. ... l,lffS • 

.......... _ ... _ ...... ~IIiII~_ .. 

1 I 



I , 16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\'\'\4H '\( I.'IL'\I~ 
1985 Commencement Commillee for 
EJeanor RooeeveIt CoIege Ie forming, 
.. atudenIs are encouraged to ... up. 
534-2237 (I 1/21) 
HAPP'VlHANKSGMNGEVERYONEI 
- Gobble, Gobble, GobbIeI (11/21) 
WANTEDllOO people thaI .. el8rioul 
about losing we9rt call Tammy 581-
7266. (11/21) 
HeIbaIIfe Indep. distributor. cal me for 
product or opportunity. 581-7266. (I 11 
21) 

I , WorshipJeeusatFirslBaplistlCoIIege 
8:30a.m.eeMce.Contemporarymusic 
and message. Just well or 805 on 
Governor. 457-4827. (11/21-1123) 
IlEAC Help the Hu!9Y. c.n Food 
Drtvel November 21-23. BrIng c.ns to 
SEAC office room 208, student cent .... 
Or just drop them in front of Co-op. The 
Sludent Environmental ActIonCoalful 
and San Diego's HUNGRY thank you 
all. Happy Holidays (11/21) 
Methodist. Episcopal and Presbyterian 
IIUdents, join In Creative Worship on 
Saturdayeveningl from 8:30-7:3Op.m. 
WeeItdy aI Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church, 4321 Eastgale Mall. Rides 
available 458-1501 . Information 534-
6951 . Celebrate Conference National 

... Student Gathering, December 21hJan 
1, 1995. Scholarships are available. 
Cal534-8951. Chaplain Bob Wagener. 
(11/7-12/1) 
ENERGY BOOSTER Truly amazing. 
All natural. FREE 3 day supply pack. 
Call 585-3182. (11/7-11/21) 

Roommate needed (female): master 
bedroom in Ia<ge UniversilyCIly House. 
Share w/4 other 3rd year students. 
$320 month + 1/5 utlilles and IIIQJ/'ity 
deposit. Call Susan at 822-9209 for 
more informalion. (11/21·12/1) 
Female graduate student preferred, 
own room. Share basic utH1t1es with 
serious students in quiet UTC 
neighborhood. $365.00 + deposit. 
Esther 627-7807 (11/21-11/28) 
Own room, female roommate In 2-
bedroom, La Jolla Del Sol. Semi· 
furnished. Comfortable, laundry, etc. 
$400. 12/15.455-0095. (11/21·12/1) 
UTC/la Jolla. 2 BR 1 BA apt. $2641 
month starting December 10. Washerl 
dryer, garage, pooVspa, tennis. Male, 
non·smoker preferred to share room. 
Call Mike 597-1783. (11/21 -11/28) 
Female roommate ~ own room . 
Renaissance behind UTC. 
Nonsmoking, responsible . All 
appliances. $330+ 1/4 ut~hies + deposit. 

/ ... Available mid December. 453·7782. 
(11/21-12/1) 

• 

LaJoiIa/UTC. Responsible malellernale 
nOnsmoker to share 3 bedroom 
townhouse. Garage, pooVspa, laundry. 
$325 + deposit. Lease. Available 
December 1. 457-6804. (11/21-12/1) 
Room for rent, month to month. $360 
University City. Contact Berlette 453· 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Zebra 
CaOlUJ 
Unlimited 

Copies 
. 3.5~ ea. 

8.5" x 11- • 20M white 
alf !eM 
Must~"""'t.D. EIpIml2l3llM 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.--

The UCSD Guardiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-word increments. The rate per 20 wonU is $2 for 
students (for personIll use only), $3 for faculty and SIII/f, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mIJiIetl with a checIc (mode payable 10 The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeoIlIinI!s are 3 p.m.11tuntJoy for Monday~ 
issue, and 3 p.rn. Mondily for 1hursday3 issue. The Guardian resena the right 10 refuse 
any advertising Including but not /United to companimship ads. For mtJIY! information 
call534-5416. Mailingaddn!ss: UCSDGuardian,Altn:CIassijUm, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, LaJoIJa, C.A 9»J3'()316.Actual address: Student Center.A, lop floor. 
~. (11/21·11/28) 
Female non-smoker wantad in 
furnilhed UTC ar_ condo. $28OImo + 
1/4 utlities. Call 452-1995. (11/21·12/ 
1) 
Seekilg fun roommate for willer or 
winter and spring. Own bedroom and 
bath. Pool, Jacuzzi, parking. Near 
campus. S402.50, 568-3740. (11/21-
11/28) 
La JoIIalWlndenSea $375 + 1/2 utI.ies 
+ $375depod. looking for r8IpClnIIIIe, 
easy going roommate to share 2 
bedroom + 1 bathroom app. 551-4005. 
(11/21-12/1) 
Hillaeat near UCSD Medical Center 
roommate to share 2 bedroom, 2 bath 
apartment. $347.50, available 
December 15. 892-9720. (11/17-12/1) 
January 1: large furnished roomsouth 
U.C. safe{quiet; share kitcheMlathwith 
female student $360. Utllties. Laundry 
Inducted. 452-0939. (11/17-12/1) 
Imperial Beach Condo2 bedroom, 1.5 
bath. /ioaoss from beach. PooII59, 
$650.575-1674. (11/17-119) 
University City room for rent $325 p/m 
in private home. Ful amenities, non 
smoker preferred. 452·B669 days 455-
6711 . (11/17-12/1) 
Wanted 1 or 2 femaleS for masler 
bedroom at Renaissance by UTC; 
$262.50 or $525/month + deposit. 

Ava~able January for Winter + Spring 
quarter. Includes own bathroom, 
washerldryer, pooI/Jacuzzi, firepiaoe, 
gym. Call Terry 822·9646. (11/14·111 
21) 
We have a room available for one or 
two female roommates close to UCSDI 
Own bathroom. Hot tub, pool, workout 
room. Call Allison or Sara 457-1883. 
Rent starts January 1. (11/14·11/28) 
Cardiff House, 2 rooms, $325 each, 
fenced yard, laundry, park and trails in 
back, pets negotiable. Were friendly, 
tidy. 436-9860. (11/17·11128) 
Room for Rent. University City 
furnished $325.00 incIudesutiities, free 
aocess to beautiful private home, nice 
canyon view. eaM 452-8669 or 455· 
6711 (11/17-11/28) 
Female needed to share room in 2 
story town-house off Gilman. Wash! 
dryer, garage, pool . S255/month, 
starting Dec 1st. 535·9092 (11/14·111 
28) 
Master RoomJfuII bath. Female: cleanl 

• 

r8lpCll'lllblellO .... ..,. wiIh 
:=rad. studenta. Laundry, 

• caM \/lew. Glrdlll by Sea. 
$370 + 1/3 l1li.832-1432. (11114-11f21) 
S225Imo. for own room in CIaIremont 
houM, with IWosenicn and wad. Mow 
in 12-1. $2OOHC. dep. 270-0429. (111 
10-11/21) 
Roomafornn; Oanmcn; S232/S223 
+ depod; 1/4 utili; 4 bdrmI2 beths 
houIe. Cal Karen 541-2073. (11/7-111 
28) 

3 bedroom Condo ,.,. UTC, UCSO. 
One avUabIe now, another avaIabIe 
Jant.-y 1. S98OImonth. Wuhetldryet. 
pool. C1111792-3453. (11/7-12/1) 
Female Roommate: Own room. 
Claire mont House. Non·smoking. 
Clean, quiet, responsible. All 
appliances. $300 + deposit, 1/3 utllties. 
232-3437. (11/7-11/21) 
ROOM FOR RENT. 1250. I min ..... 
from ... pua. 4 bedroom, 2 1/2 bath 
newer house. Includes furniture, 
1aIndry, & I*hen. Female, non-amok ... 
preferred. Call Wendy 578-8883. (11/ 
7-11/21) 
ROOMMATE WANTED for2BR,2.58A 
Cambridge Condo available 11/15. 
Laundry, garage, S6251month. Walk to 
UCSD. 535-0985. (10131.11f28) 

Internship and Entry IeYef positions 
avaIabIewith top muftlmediaoompany; 
desigrl, 3-D anination. programmilg, 
or multimedia production experieuce 
required. Mac expertise required. Call 
558-9100 for details. (11/21·119) 
Internship available. Real Estate/ 
Property Management/Legal 
Construction. Plan research projects, 
develop programs, and administrative 
work. Credit only. Tim 275-2525. (11/ 
21·2/23) 
Torrey Pines Goif Course Driving 
Range. Part-time day attendants and 
nVrt cIoeing crfIW. Start $5.00,mur. 
Some golfing privleges. Contact Steve 
at driving range. 452-3226. (11/17-111 
21) 
Need Cash? Dominos Pizza Is now 
hiring. Become a part of lhe worlds 
largest pizza delivery company. Drivers 
can earn up to S12.OOIhr., must be 18, 
with valid drivers license, insured 
vehicle, good driving record. Stop by 
OIJ' La Jolla store, 3211 Holiday CI., 
after 11 a.m. or call 452-8273. EOE. 
(11/17-12/1) 

ALASKA !IIPLOYIIENT Fishing 
1nduIIry. Earn to .." .......... per 
monIh + beneIIIa. Maler'FemaIe. No 
8IIp8rieIa nee I II ary. (208) 545-041515 
extA58781. (11/17-12/1) 
Responsible, ",ature, creative 
............ with IIrong Ibwy 
and online r..arch 1liii, ucsllnt 
computer typing ability, reliable 
transportation needed to aaaist 
prof ... or with active conauhlng 
practice. Intereat In advertlalng, 
audience & markeI reaeardl a plus. 10 
tn/We8k, ~ $101t1'. 434-1481. 
(11/14-11/28) 
TAK!·CHARGE ASSISTANT. 

AuIhcnIapeM~ want 
bright, resourceful, Macintosh 
profiCient, take-charge assiItant, 10. 
20 hours a week to aaaIst with office 
clerical responsibilities. re .. arch. 
writir9edltlng. Send resune to IFWR, 
1020 Prospect Street. Suite 400. La 
Jolla, 92037. (11/14-11/28) 
Gel conIrOI d YfU life, be in dIarge & 
get rich througI network martceting. 
EXCEUent opportunity. For more 
information cal 558-8121 . (11/10.12/ 
1) 
Articulate, anlhusiastic students wanted 
to help raise money for UCSD. Wv 
plus bonus. Contact UCSD Telephone 
Outreach Program 535-1433. (11/7-
12/1) 
Wantedlll Individuals and Student 
Organizations to Promote SPRING 
BREAK 95. Eam JI,Ib8tantiaI MONEY 
and FREE TRIPS. CALL INTER-
CAMPUS PROGRAMS 1-800-327-
6013. (1113-11/21) 
JNTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT 
Make "'p to S2,OOO-$4,000+/month 
leachilg basic oonversatIonaI English 
abroad. Japan, Taiwan, and S. Korea. 
Many employers provide room & board 
+ other benefits. No teaching 
background or Asian languages 
required . For more information cal: 
(206) 632·1148 ext. J59762 (10127-111 
21) 
EXTRA INCOME FOR M E.n $500-
$1000 weekly stuffing envelopes. For 
details - RUSH $1.00 with SASE to: 
Group Five, 57 Greentree DrIve. Suite 
307, Dover, DE 19901. (10/20-119) 
Subjects wanted for a study on aloohoI's 
effects. If you are a Japanesa, 
ell ..... , or Korean, All*lcan-bom 
mala, call Scripps Research for more 
information . 554-7240. Subjects 
reimbursed. (10110-121'1) 
Paid Management Internship - Be 

Moaciay, Noye.ber 21, 19M 

nNdWinm.ting. ...... 1neIMIwIng. 
motivation, custom.. nIIaIIons. tile. 
Earn mlnlmun UOOto IOK= 
abranchofStudantWorIcI . 
Moat hiring wi be complete by Nov for 
~ podioI .. Call (800) 
394-8000 for Information. (lW10-12/1) 
.!ARN!XTRACASH"Beablood/ 
pIama donor, PYRA-.) BIOLOGY 
.CORP SanDlego28&-4011 , s.-. Ysidro 
II8O-<W34 (W2O-12/1) 

HH: ~\I.I 
Computer 488DX-33, 4 MB RAM, 130 
MB Hard drive, DOS 8.2. WIn 3.1, 
Loaded w/lOftware. rumlng SUP, 
1taCker •• 15. Cell JustiI ~727. 
(11/21-12/1 ) 
Mc*IroIaexpra.Pager. ActIvaIadpiul 
ftrIt and IaaI monILlhstyIa caae, III't'/ 
color. $100 abo. 587-8772. John or 
230-9887. (11/21) 
Twin bed, 1 'fWI old. Great cOlldltion. 
Box Ipring and hrne. Only SIiOI Cal 
DavId 450-3452. (11/21) 
Saga COx. stereo aIv cable, 8 bunon 
conIroIIer. 2-81don joysIIcIcI. 5c:1au1c 
games CD. Eccothe DoIP*I CD, SonIc 
CD, GrCUId Zero 2CO Game, VIrtual 
Racilgcard. $4S00b0. 587-a772John 
or 230-9887. (11/21) 
1987 Chevy Sprirt. Ido. AC.. AMIFM 
Cuaelte blue. Excellent condition. 
125,000 mIIeI. RIm great. Must .... 
MovIng to Spain. $1,800. 452-3875 
(11/21) 
NECCO-ROMdrIve, Mull-spin. double 
speed. $140 080. 587-8772 John or 
230-9887. (11/21) 
PetzI GrIgrI (never used) $60, Black 
Diamond ATC $10, Microplate w/ 
locldng bIner $10, leatherman tool $30. 
Pablo 534-8791. (11/21-11/28) 
Motorola uIIra-claaalc oeIkIIar phone. 2 
batIerIes. Battery alininalor, quick batt 
oondltioner/charger w/car adaptor. 
leather case, alphanumeric. SI200b0. 
587-8n2 John or 230-9987. (11/21) 
Wenger Toolchest Swiss Army KnIfe 
$75 (was $125). mini Leatherman Tool 
$20. Mar lInspike Saling Knife $25. 
Pablo 534-8791 (11/21-11/28) 
infinity Kappa Car Speakerl8l$ $175, 
8 1/2 $75. call Steve, 554-0lI04. (111 
17-11/28) 
CharveI 6250 black aooustirJeIedrI 
guitar w/Pdive preamp, :HIand EO, 
volume oontroI, and hardshell case. 
$280. Chal452-84004. (11/17-11/21) 
Round trip ticket SO to SFO, leave Nov 
23, rerum Nov 28. $751abo. BrIdget 
454-4432. (11/17-11/21) 
MOVING SAlEI Full size bed $70, 5 
drawer dresser, looks new $70. dorm 
sized refrigerator $15, call 455-0064. 
(11/17-11/28) 
Volkswagen ·camper. 1971 , 17,000 
miles on rebuilt engine, excellent 
mechanical condition, great for 
camping. $1 ,950"... Steve 438-9860. 
(11/17-11/28) 
CORDLESS PHONE and 
ANSWERING MACHINE for sale. All 
for $60. Phone is only 1 year old, 
answering machine 2 years old. Both in 
perfect condition. Original box:· 
packaging, docs with phone, manual 
(no box) for machine. 822-1882 (111 

• ANYONE CAN QUALIFY CALL 1-800-328·1476 • GUARANTEED RESULTS 
• GRANTS 0 • SCHOLARSHIPS • PRIVATE SOURCES • BILLIONS UNCLAIMED 

CALL 1-800-328-1476 R1CKWALTCH ScllDlllnldp Milk,"", ProJlISiDlfIIl 

NoDday, Noyember 21, 1994 

17-12/1) 
Formal Or-. S/ze5r'8. ahartl filing. 
off the ahcdW, bea&duI brocade of 
baby blue. Other, lize S. strapIeas, 
nlfIy white lace. Both worn only once. 

Ca1187~I17 (11/14-12/1) 
The UCSD Blee Shop hal exoeIIent 
deals on 94 model bikes, bike 
acoeasorIee, rentals and repairI. Come 
chec::tlit CUI (1113-11/28) 

Have a European Au-pair in yw-home 
to provide live-in chldcare. Respected 
non-profltagency. Cal now for January. 
452-9379. (11/21) 
RESUM!/TVPING SERVICES. Fast, 
accurate, professional quality. 10% 
discount to UCSD llUlients. Cynthia 
Reynold. 144-7813. (11/14-11/21) 
TV, VCR, Microwave, and Stereo 
Repair. 2629 EI Cajon Blvd. 293-7707. 
(11/10-11/28) 
Mac Expert. Group: Macintosh 
RepUnnstaJlaliorVPurchaseIRAM ·,5 
MINUTES FREE • FREE 250 MB 
Games • Half Prloe of Bookstore. 888· 
6553 (11/10·12/1) 
COMPUTER REPAIRS in your home, 
dorm or office. PC/Macintosh , 
hardware/software. Also, custom Unix 
installation. Student discounts! Mike, 
622·9079. (11/10·12/1) 
PROFESSIONAl RESUMES, letters 
and term papers. Best word professing 
services at compelitiverates. Accurate, 
fastand guaranteed satisfaction. Ashley 
558-7614. (10/31·11/28) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION, 
consulting and troubleshooting. 
Individual or group lessons. Aexible 
hoIxs. Mike 792-9822. (10/20-1/19) 
UCSD MEDiCAl CENTER at Hillcrest 
needs healthy volunteers, ages 18 to 
50, for a 2 hour 'Eyeblink Study.' $1 0 
plus parking will be provided. Call Pattie 
at 543·2314. (10110·11/28) 
Word Processing: Academic 

~I 
• • 

WORD PROCESSING SERVlCESAny 
slzeJob, any type of Job. Cail CaroI481-
1384. (Ir'2O-12/1) 
WRITlNG PR08LEII? Professionai 
wrt. with 350 publication credits offers 
elhlc:aJ assistance with any writing 
project. Also word-processing, editing, 
tutoring, critiquing, etc. Over 25 years 
academicexperience. BI Delaney98&-
1841. (9120-119) 

\\\\'1'1-:1) 
Subjects with previous poison oakfrvy 
are needed to participate In a stucty 
evaiuating the effectiveness of toplc:aJ 
treatments for these rashes at the VA 
Medical Center. $100 for 
compensation. Call Dermatology 
Clinical Research at 552-8585. Ext. 
7275. (11/21) 
Needed: Reliable mattv'sci tutors with 
own transportation. Easy work. Call 
645-8505 and leave your name and 
ptM)ne. (11/21-11/28) 
Eam $15 In about 1 1/2 hours. Right-
handed men (native english speakers) 
needed to participate in a brainwave 
study of face recognition. Call Twyla at 
534-9849. (11/21) 
WANTED: Tutor to assist beginner on 
Apple to use America Online. 
Experience preferred. 27.0·1252. (111 
21-11/28) , 
MOTHER'S HELPER for 2 and 4 year 
old in Solana Beach. 12to 20 hrstwk. 
Refs req'd. $7/hr. Please no calls after 
5 p.m. 755-4699 (11/14-11/28) 
FEMALE EGG DONOR NEEDED 
immediately to anonymously help 
infertile professional couple to have a 
baby. Caucasian, northern European 
descent. Blue/green eyes. 18-30 yrs 
old married & children . Generous 
compensation provided. Contact San 
Diego fertility center. (Recipient Code 
KG) 673-0885. (11/14-11/28) 

• 
HIS TOR Y Department 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER. HIcnJat 
naadI heIIII'Y wUteera. &gil 18 10 
50, for a 2 hour "Eyebiink Study'. $10 
plulpartdngwl beproyldad. Cai Pattie 
.543-2314. (11"4-12/1) 

~w.n.d: LookIngtorCJ8dil.oe, 
-.-getic .,..... fa c:.e for 2 active 
prelChoolefs. 1-2 afternoons, plUI 
IIOI'IIe ~. Call 75&-2238. (101 
31-11/28) 
TWIIII .. you .. an IdanIIcaf or 
frIIwnaI twin, pIIaaa I*tICIpaIa In a 
UCSD Psychology axperlm.nt. 
Participant. will be monetarily 
00IIII* ........ cal J. a...an at 534-
1213 or Hll811 ....... (10117-12/1) 
Stmjectswanted b'alludVon aIoohoI's 
effects. If you are a Japan ... , 
eIIlneaa, or 1<cnM, Amerlcan-bom 
....... call Scripps Research for more 
imormation. 554-7240. Subjects 
reimbursed. (10110-12/1) 

LO~T \ \ I) FOI \ I) 
LOST: WHEELCHAIR ON 10(31 from 
party in Solana Beach. Desperately 
needs to be returned. No qu8llions 
asked. Call Dan at 481-8037. (11/17-
11/28) 

HAPPY THANKSGIVING 
EVERYONE! - Gobble, Gobble, 
Gobblel (11/21) 
Not seen it. What am I up against? 
Please send tape: There it Is, 3368·F 
Governor Drive *'89, SO Ca 92122. 
(11/21·12/1 ) 
Will thiS 'Mure- ever end? (11/21) 
I Need Love, Hug A Friend. Non paid 
advertisement. (1117-11/21) 
Stove Top adventures can be fun! (11/21) \-
Buy one cooter, gel the nelCl for only 
$1 .00 at Warren 43031 (11/21 ) 
Dogs do NOT say ' I love you.' Period. 
(11/21) 

CONGRATUlATES 
WINSON WAN CHUt 

ELEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE HONOIlS HISTORY GRADUATE 

WINNER OF THE 
I "4 ARMIN RApPAPORT PRIZE 

AWARDED ANNUALLY TO TIlE OUTSTANDING UCSD HIsToRY M\JOR 

WInson Chu', honors ellay was entitled "Army of Outlaws: 
The Political Role of the Wafl'en-SS In the Third Reich" 

-Profeuor Allan Mitchell. advisor 

~ 
The Armin Rappaport Memorial Fund which sponsors the award 
was founded in memory of Professor Armin Rappaport (1916-1983), a 
noted specialist in American diplomatic history. who had taught at UCSD 
since 1967. Highly ,..rded In academic clrdes, Professor Rappaport 
was the author of more than thirteen books, but he most valued his 
work u .. underJnduate teacher. He would have been particularly 
pleased with the wiy stronc croup of honors students· who matriculated 
In 1994 and those currently enrolled In the program. 

1'111 H ...... Ittn'oIlY PMu..ut WANn!!K. NEXTI 
Sophomore and Junior history majors--uk your profason about It or 
see the &nIqraduate advisor-don't delay! Remember, the Honors 
Proanm II espedaIy I"8COITMMIICIe for those nudents Interested In 
~ ..... scucIy In history or allied fteIch. u well u for those 
punul"l praIIaIanIJ .,... .. f"IduatIon. 

" 

... .,.. 
....... 

.... 

J* 

-- , 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

CONTACT LENS SPECIALS 
FREE SHADES With any contact lens package l 

:: COLORED CONTACTS I: 
, linin",. $149 * Cenlplete PlckaIe I 

.. , 1 ttl II.. . WJ 02 Opaques 'I 
, 1 IIHII aa.. WiIh coupon ~. ElqI. 12131~. I 
I ; Dally Wear - -Extended Wear -Disposables -11 
, 1 Complete Complete Complete I 1 

II $89* $109* $169* z.lt 
" '-*11 
I I WiIh coupon II1CI stuclenllD 0ftIy. Includes comDlete ~ .... m. l;ning. lollow .. , core. COli kit Near I I I-- sighted Rx only. OIlIer major brands In stock. ElqI. 12131194. I -ExtnlTbln~:-T 1IIII1........d-j I 

Eyeglass , RAY I Disposables I I 
Lenses BAN 1 $ 24 Pack * I $59* Sunglasses I 87 II 

I 1 20% OFF I Wlt_ evrrllt "ncrl,tlilll. I I 
1 L_~·E·~V3~~L~~~~·~lI~_~~':!..~~..J I 
I: ... ~ S I 
I .. L,F-J: Dr. Nick ELBY,O.D. I 
I ... c~,i" ; 0780 Miramar Rd. 578-6796 I 
L ... =~:... .!!:'.!!' !!: __ ~iles ~I~805 (behind Carl'~.~ _ .....: _..1 

-:(·*0-
Mandarin & Szechuan Cuisine 

Gourmet Dining at fast food Prices 
""ru;b Express - only $3.99 per person. 

Build your own combo plate. Served daily, 11 :30 am-3 pm 

1IAPIf ... Mon thru Fri, 3-6 pm· 
1/1 price Appetizers, Beer & Wine by tbe gl4ss 

. 

AI, enlrees rllo1oe to orde r 
[jlrH't r I' 'frrrs ',1111' Irrlll1 S~) /) 1(1 Sb ;~ 
350 University Ave. #A, San VieRo 

(Corner of 4th & University. Hillcresi) 
. ... ID 

-----

MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
IN A CHILD'S LIFE 

• &.V 
active students for kids 

If you are interested' in 
tutoring kids., come to 

A.S.K. INFO NIGHT 
1Uesday, Nov. 22, 4-5 pm 

San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 

Call the Volunteer Connection for man information at 534-1414 
Sponaond by ASUCSD and the V ....... c. ........ 



~, 

; 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian MODday, November 21,1994 

I I I· I . I· ,"V / '- N . I . I '. I ) 

Part-time and on-call valet positions available 
at downtown and La Jolla area luxury hotels! 

Earn great tips and work in a fun environment! 

H you are friendly, reliable, have a good driving 
record, and great customer service skills, 

apply in person: 

Mon. - Thurs.: Bam - Upm 

Chuck NMen/GuantIMI 
Freshman ,08IIe Joe Welsh stopped. four-meter penalty shot tplnat Air Force on Sundlly. 

ACE PARKING HUMAN RESOURCFS OmCE 
1452 SEVENTH AVENUE 

SAN DIEGO, CA 92101 
(Between Ash & Beech) Tritons Downed by Falcons 

By Grea Wrenn 
Cc>-Sports Editor 

With an NCAA berth on the line, 
the UCSD men's water polo team 
faced an old nemesis on Sunday, the 

Air Force 
Academy -
the only team 
in the WWPA 
tournament 
with a shot of 
knocking off 
the Tritons. 
The Falcons, 
who had beaten 
the Tritons 
twice this sea-
son, again 
haunted UCSD 
and came away 
with a 6-5 win 

in the tournament championship 
yesterday afternoon. 

.. It was close all game," said 

, ' , . 

: .... . 
': ,' .. " 

UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper. 
"It really could have gone either 
way." 

Air Force took a 5-3 first·half 
lead, but the Tritons came roaring 
back to tie before giving up the win-
ning goal with 4:15 to play. 

UCSD's James Skaalen led his 
team with three goals, while Greg 
Salvinski and Steve Crass had one 
each. 

The Triton goalkeeping tandem 
of Joe Welsh and Sean Osborne also 
came up big for UCSD. Starter Joe 
Welsh "had a very good first half 
and blocked a four-meter [penalty 
shot] for us," Harper said. Scan 
Osborne took over after intermis-
sion and "had a great half, Anytime 
you only give up one goal a half, 
you're doi ng a great job," the coach 
said. 

"We didn't so much lose the 
game as we did just run out of time," 

Harper added. 
The Tritons advanced to the 

championship contest with an 18-
10 shellacking of Chapman in 
Friday's opening-round game to ad-
vance to Saturday's semifinal 
against UC Davis. 

The Aggies took a quick 3-1 lead 
over UCSD and "were playing an 
inspired game," Harper said. "But 
we didn't panic and there was never 
any doubt that we would win." 

The Tritons came back with the 
help of Salvinski, who scored with 
one second left in the first half to 
put UCSD up 6-5. "We really 
cleaned up in the second half," 
Harper said of his team, whieh went 
on to win the matchup, 14-7. 

Skillen and Salvinski were 
named to the first team Ali-Confer-
ence team, while Craig Gruber was 
named to the second team and Mike 
Yellich received honorable mention. 

call for 
SENSmVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 

LA JOlLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

~Wlshlng You Happy Thanksgiving" 
1950 VUla La lo11a Dr. 
Sallie 1103 
1-5 at La lo11a ViIap Dr. 

558-3490 
~a .... 
W'I .IIA ....... 

lA lola VIIIIF 
~c::aaur 

T., FI .. " /Illf H •• II 
til EI,,.., .. , 

Looks like a 
Vivarin night. 
·:~*$i'i'~'''' The big one's only 12 houn away. You 

'')''6 
1)81;'~J 

could have paid more attention ill 
class, but tonight you've ptta 

aaD\. First, you better keep 
thOle eyes &om doIins-

Revive with VivariD. 
Safe as coffee, it 
helps keep you 

awake and IDeIltaUy 
. alert for houIII. 

So when yoarmoet 
difficult problem to 

solve is how to 
stay awake ••• make it 

a Vivarin Disht! 

.. ' Revive with VIVARIN~ 
..... , ... ' ................ ..-. ....... 

MoDday, Noya.ber 21, 19M The UCSD GuardiaD SPORTS 19 

Redlands Runs and Guns Past UCSD Hoopsters 
SEASON OPENER: Tritons lose an error-prone squeaker, 90-87, to the visiting Bulldogs 
By TecId UcId 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was explosive at times. It was' 
high octane. It was even "run-and-
gun," But during the UCSD men's 
basketball home opener versus 
Redlands on Saturday, you couldn't 
help but wonder if the new Triton 
offense could have benefited by 
suiting up the guy who hit a mid-
court shot in the halftime shootout. 

Halftime antics aside, the Tri-
tons' 90-87 loss to the visiting Bull-
dogs was a nail-biting affair down 
to the last tick of the game clock. 

.. We got tired," new UCSD Head 
Coach Greg Lanthier said. "They 
seemed to be deeper than we were." 

The game started ominously 
enough. The Tritons unveiled new, 
flashy uniforms and a new game 
sponsor - USAir. After forward 
Kahlil Allen (24 points, nine re-
bounds) won the tip-off, UCSD fit-
tingly crashed-and-burned its way 
to a 2-8 deficit. 

Some scrappy play by guard 
Chris Christensen brought the Tri-

tons back. While Christensen made 
diving saves, center Matt Aune (19 
points, 11 rebounds) solidly estab-
lished himself inside, po!lnding the 
ball into the hoop three times to 
bring UCSD within one, 12-11. 

"We're a young team with no 
seniors," forward Matt Minehan 
said. "We've got to learn to cut 
down on turnovers." 

The Bulldogs hit bonus free 
throws at the 5:08 mark because of 
plays in which Tritons accidentally 
breathed on Bulldog opponents. 

Refusing to quit, UCSD rallied 
again. This time it was because of 
the inspired play of guard Todd 
Benetar (11 points, three steals), 
who drilled a deep trey and then 
dished to Allen for two more to 
force the issue at 23-21. The Tritons 
couldn't take the lead, though, and 
went into the locker room with a 44-
38 fast-paced battle on their hands. 

"We actually expected 
[Redlands] to run a 101," Lanthier 
said. "But we showed tliat we're 
immature with all those turnovers. " 

The second half could have been 
titled "\he Matt Minchan Show," as 
the junior lit up the board with three 
three-pointen, raising his game to-
tal to 4-7 from downtown. 

With the Tritons slipping behind 
by five, 54-49, an animated Lanthier 
flung off' his Pat Riley-esque jacket 
with 16:15 left on the clock. The 
team responded with another trey by 
Minehan and a pretty assist from 
Ailen 10 Aune, tying the score at 54. 

Junior Paul RoberSon knocked 
down a free throw to give UCSD its 
first lead of the game at the 5:36 
mark, but the error-prone Tritons 
couldn't hold fast. 

A bankshot by Aune tied the 
game at 64 with 11 :42 to play. After 
that, a Bulldog was fouled, walked 
to the bench for a drink and came 
back to sink a shot - the refs, of 
course, gave him the continuation. 

UCSD's starting lineup was 
rested and in the game ,with 8:42 to 
go, but had trouble overcoming a 
stifling Bulldog defense, rally-kill-
ing charging calls and turnovers. 

AN EXTRAORDINARY TRUE STORY. 

II UN FORGETrABLE ! 
TWO VERY ENTHUSIASTIC THUMBS UP." 

·SlSKEl & EBERT 

IITHRILLING ... A POWERHOUSE! 
ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF THE YEAR!" 

..... _ .. 

II AMAZINGLY RICH ... 
A TERRIFIC MOVIE! 

AS COMPLEX, NUANCED AND UNPREDIOABLE 
AS LIFE ITSELF." 

.J. Hoberman, PREMIERE MAGAZINE 

EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 
Starts Wednesd~, November 23rd 

r'H r,rr,;, T (k, to., 

I fI rJ [J r.1 A H K ~, 

Hillcrest 
3965 5d1 Ave· 298-2100' VIIidIIICII'Irking 

( )1 tt, ~fl"'l (q' ,I II I'.h (I '~;I; ~),/ ( 'lot. r I ,- l(.l ,Or, f'oor 

Losing its grip on the 
physically demanding 
game, UCSD trailed SO-
71...with 4:39 remaining 
in the contest. But when 
it looked like they were 
ready to hit the showers, 
the Tritons instead hit 
the comeback trail, tal-
lying a nifty 12-4 run. 

Thanks to a couple 
of clutch three-pointers 
by Allen and Benetar, 
UCSD clawed back 10 
81-84. 

YakOY ZolOtorfN/GuMllillfl 

With only 48 sec-
onds left, AUen stood at 
the charity stripe and 
calmly drained two 
high-pressure free 
throws to make it a one-
point game. After an en- Md Aune IuId 19 points ad 11 rebounds. 
suing UCSD timeout, Redlands 
showed some crunch-time heroics 
of its own. 

Although 0-4 from three-point 
land to that point, Bulldog forward 
Jon Upman confidently launched a 

shot from deep in the corner that put 
the game away. An errant pass and 
a couple of garbage-time free 
throws later, and the Tritons were . 
handed a loss in the first game of 
the season. 

GlASSES & : CONTACT -
EXAM I LENSES 
COMPLETE $99: :O~::E $89 

CA SELECTION. CR·39 • SV I . 
___ ~. ::3::!.4 ____ L ~~~~ ~~ ~~~ 
CHANGE YOUR EYES TO A 

NEW AND EXCITING 

C LO~ $149 elBA ILLUSIONS 
COLORED LENSES, INCLUDES EXAM . 

CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT OR JUSl WALK IN. OPEN 7 DAYS. 

LOCA:
EO \~ LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE iHE .... E 

• COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

453-2260 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

e 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

-r-UCSD I 
it! 

La Jolla Villall_ Or. 

, I. I "oltll Dr. 
UTe 

II 
z_® j J " 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT ClOTH WASH 
SHELL GASOLINE,. DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------: III Full Service $ 99: ~ 

: ~?~6~ P!! !LA!! 3. Reg"" : 
I C ·\R WASil Not valid WI'" any 0Iher oller. SAVE $4.26 I 
I Expires 12131194 

~-----------------------I D 



.. 

.. ' 

20 SPORTS 

10TH innInG 
DEREK VAN HOFI'EN 

We Should he 
Un-Lucky 

Good news to anyone 
interested in becoming a 
sportscaster. Judging from the 
current crop on San Diego TV 
stations, there isn't much 
competition in the field. Who 
are these guys and why have 
these stations granted them air 
time? In celebration of the 
broadcast excellence on local 
stations, I've created a list of 
those sportscasters who 
reassure me that even I can do 
their job. 
'Ihe best of .... wont 

Hank Bauer, KFMB, 
Channel 8: . 

Bauer is not a terrible 
sportscaster and he's the least 
offensive of those who made 
this dreaded list. His main 
problem, however, is that he 
can't decide if he should 
accept his age or continue to 
yearn for his playing days. 
Also, his incessant use of cute 
phrases like "Smell A" (L.A.) 
and "Smog Angeles" certainlr 
doesn 't endear him to viewers. 

Jim "Laz" Laslavic, KNSD, 
Channel 39: 

Laslavic (I refuse to call 
him Laz) resembles Bauer in 
many ways - the most 
uncomfortable one being that 
he also longs for his playing 
days, to the point that he even 
thinks that he's going to suit 
up on Sunday. 

The problem with Laslavic 
is not that he's wavering 
between his playing days and 
old age like Bauer, but rather 
that he's convinced that he is 
still young enough to act like a 
buffoon. How many times 
have I heard Laslavic predict a 
Chargers blowout victory, 
signing off with: "Chargers, go 
kick some Raider butt?!" 

Phil Farrar, KGTV, Channel 
10: 
. Farrar would not be so low 
on the list if he worked for a 
different station, but he falls 
victim to the primitive 
technology which prevails at 
KGTV. His highlight tapes are 
always fuzzy, often looking 
like the same tapes with Steve 
Garvey's NLCS game five 
home run on them. 

Also, the set director always 
cuts Farrar off, eliminating 20 
percent of his highlights. Fartar • 
is then left scrambling at the last 
minute, while the anchors des-
perately try to finish the newcast 
in time. Much of the blame can 
fall on Farrar, however, since 

See TV, Page 14 

The UCSD Guardian 

P RT~ 
Tritons Tumble to Bears 
CLAWED: UCSD falls to number-one Washington in NCAA quarters 
By Den Kraft 
Co-Sports Editor 

When the high-powered clash 
of Division III women 's volley-
ball powers ended Saturday night, 

the tears 
told the 
s tor y . 
Tears that 
could be 
seen in the 
eyes of the 
UCSD se-
niors who 

had never gotten past this same 
Washington University team for 
a title, and who had come up a bit 
short in their final chance. 

But no one who sat through the 
exciting four-set battle would of-
fer anything but praise to the Tri-
tons, who gave the best team and 
player (senior middle blocker 
Amy Albers) i .. the nation a run 
for their money. 

"We have a great team and we 
did the best we could," Triton 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik said. 
"We were just overmatched." 

y.,., 7_r ..... ,lr""_,,,, 
Washington quickly quieted a 

boisterous crowd by scoring the 
first four points of game one. 
UCSD gathered its composure 
and scored its first point when se-
niors Jennifer Schofield and Jenn 
Cross stuffed a Bear spike attempt 

Madelyn Rlpken .... 15 kills In UCSD', fou,...t 1011 to number-
one ,.nked W .... lncton University (MO) on s.turda, nlCht. 

to make the score 4-1. 
but were unable to slow the sears, 
who took a 12-2 lead in th'e game. 

erful blast from Albers which led 
to a kill for sophomore Bonnie 
Kelly. However, these heroics were 
too little, too late to help the Tri-
tons who lost game one, 15-6. 

Washington then took control, 
scoring eight of the next nine 
points in a run, during which the 
Tritons called for two timeouts 

UCSD then showed its spec-
tacular potential when junior 
Joyce Lee made a diving pancake 
dig and an incredible up of a pow- See V.aALL, Page 15 

Cross Country Crushing 
NATIONALS: Castner crowned All-American; Triton men take 12th 
By Tedd Ladd 
Associate Sports Editor 

It all starts with 3,600 men from over 300 cross 
country teams across the nation. If you ' re a good 
conference team, you go to regionals. If you finish 
among the top two, you go to nation-
als. If you're good enough to finish in 

, the top 30, you're an All-American. 
And if you're the fourth-best run-

ner in the nation, you go by the name 
of J.J. Castner. 

"[Castner] has always been a great 
runner," UCSD Head Coach Ted Van 
Arsdale said. "But he's never been 
ready until now." 

Castner's stunning race - in only 
25:00 - pushed his Triton teammates 
to a 12th·place overall finish at last weekend's 
NCAA Championships in Bethlehem, PA, and made 
his newly crowned Western Region Coach of the 

Year, Van Arsdale, look even better. 
"My honor was more a reflection of the athletes," 

Van Arsdale said. "I'm very proud of their work. 
They're the individuals that make it happen." 

One of those individuals, freshman Neal Harder, 
grabbed the second scoring slot for 
UCSD with an 84th·place, 26:28 time. 
Harder peaked at the right time, set· 
ting a personal record and finishing 
as the ninth·best freshman overall. 

"Every week [Harder] has been 
getting faster," Van Arsdale said. "I 
never had expectations. I just wanted 
the freshmen to gain experience. " 

Veteran John Walsh showed his 
own.experience by capturing the third 
Triton slol Consistent aU year, Walsh 

closed out a solid season with a 26:33 mark. 
UCSD's fourth runner to cross tlie line wu .... 

See CAITNIR, Page 14 

THE WEEK AHEAD .NS.N: 
/ 

w .... ' ......... : 
Tues., Nov. 22 vs. Claremont College, Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

Sat., Nov. 26 at UC Santa Cruz, 7:30 p.m. 

... ' ........ : 
Fri.-Sat., Nov. 2&26 hostIng Triton TIp-Off Toumament, 

MaIn Gym, 6 p.m. and 8 p.m. 

w .... P ... : 
UCSD falls to 
the Air Force 
Academy,6-5, 
in the 
championship 
aame of the 
WNPA 
tournament. 

Monday, November 21,1994 

WOOlen's 
Hoops 
Bites 'Dogs 
By D.n Krltft 
Co-Sports Editor 

From the tip-off of UCSD's sea· 
son opener against the University of 
Redlands on Friday night, there was a 
distinct look to the women's basket· 
ball team. Whether it was the absence 
of all·time scoring leader Lisa Bea· 
ver or the new pressing defense, the 
Tritons looked like a different team 
and showed it with a 77-51 shellack-
ing of the Bulldogs. 

The opening minutes of the game 
were sluggish for both teams, and it 
took a minute and a half for Triton 
Marcia Jeffries to get the first of her 
team·leading 15 points on a jumper, 
which broke the 0-0 tie. 

UCSD was sporting a high-inten· 
sity pressing defense which forced 38 
turnovers in the sloppy game. Early 
on, however, it got burned on anum· 
ber of occasions by passes which went 
over the heads of the attacking defend· 
ers for easy Bulldog layups. 

"We were overzealous early," Head 
Coach Judy Malone said. "We tried 
to steal the inbounds pass rather than 
letting them have it and then pressing 
them. After we took timeout and made 
that adjustment, we took control." 

The Tritons were leading 19-16 
before they went on an 18-4 scoring 
tear. The offensive spurt boosted them 
to a 17 point lead late in the first half. 

The Bulldogs ' leading scorer, 
Sherri Fanger, finally broke Redlands' 
dry spell with a short jumper, but 
UCSD had the last laugh of the first 
half when senior Stacy Patsko pulled 
down a rebound and put it right back 
up and in to give the Tritons a 39-26 
lead going into intermission. 

Redlands started the second half 
with a 6-2 run which brought it to 
within nine points, 41-32. UCSD reo 
sponded by extending its lead with a 
balanced inside/outside offensive at-
tack. Sophomore forward Sarah 
Schneider (13 points, eight rebounds) 
and Tami Oviatt (10 points, eight reo 
bounds) powered UCSD's inside at· 
tack. Meanwhile, Jeffries, Amy 
Franzen and Janessa Bayda served as 
the Tritons' outside snipers. 

"We have a very balanced offense 
this year," Malone said. "We have four 
legitimate three·point threats and a 
good inside game too." That balance 
and the pressure defense allowed 
UCSD to run away with the game in 
the latter stales of the second half. 

"I'm Vet)' pleued with the way the 
whole team played," Malone said. 
"When people came into the game off 
the bench, there wu DO drop off. " 

"". ......... 
The Tritons' 
Kahlll Allen had 
24 points and 
MattAune 
added 11 
rebounds In 8 
908710 ... 

COLOR 


