
ELIEWHERE 

... 1cIIooI ..... 
QuotM In Review 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 
University of California plans 
to review its medical school 
admission procedures 
following claims of reverse 
discrimination; in response to 
a study raising questions of 
whether policies at UC 
medical schools conform to a 
1978 Supreme Court ruling. 
The court ruled that race may 
not be the only factor in 
determining admission, but it 
may be used as a factor. 
According to Jerry and Ellen 
Cook, who conducted the 
study, UC medical schools 
may be violating the Supreme 
Court ruling, citing statistics 
showing that almost all 
medical students accepted 
from under-represented 
groups have grades and test 
scores near the lower end of 
the scale. 

Wilson OK. New 
CSU Campus 
SACRAMENTO - The CSU 
system will be adding another 
campus, as a result of a bill 
signed by Gov. Pete Wilson. 
The bill was the final legisla-
tive hurdle for the creation of 
CSU Monterey Bay, which 
will be built at the former 
Fort Ord military base. 
CSUMB is scheduled to open 
in the Fall of 1995 with fewer 
that 1,000 students. 

Stanford Fined for 
ttarz.dou. waste 
PALO ALTO - Stanford 
University will pay $995,000 
for the mishandling of 
hazardous waste, according to 
school and state officials. The 
payment is a settlement 
resulting from five years of 
violations, in which state and 
Santa Clara inspectors found 
open and leaking containers 
of hazardous waste and in one 
case discovered that hazard-
ous waste had been poured 
into the sewer. 

INIIDE 

A-BoMB 
OPINION:- Does the 
planned Smitblonian 
exhibit revise history? 1 

SPOIlT.: Women'. 
volleyball capCweI 
Mizuno InvitiationaJ 21 

INDIX 

tx:SD BIUD'S ............................. 2 
CALVIN III8IS ..................... 2 
0PIJIQ0ff .................................. \ 4 
FlA11JIlIS .............................. 12 

~ ............................ J4 
SPORTS ................................... . 

T- H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, OCTOBER 3,1994 VOLUME 83, ISSUE 4 

Irons Blasted in Atlantic Monthly 
BOOK: Validity of May it 
Please the Court under 
scrutiny of the press 

issue of the The Atlantic Monthly 
magazine. 

Edward Lazarus' three-and-one-
half-page article entitled, "Electronic 
Hash" attempts to discrCditthe valid-
ity of the lrons/Guitton summary of 
the Supreme Court tapes, calling it a 
"ftctionalized" account of the cases 
presented. 

leading that the publisher, The New 
Press, "should in good conscience 
issue a recall." 

the Constitution. 
(rons, a professor at UCSD for 12 

years, dismisses Lazarus' criticism. 
"His point seems to be that judges 
don ' t go out and arrest people," Irons 
said. "He is taking my words very 
literally." 

By Iven Delventhel 
Staff Writer 

UCSD Professor of Political Sci-
ence Peter Irons and Stephanie 
Guitton's May it Please the Court, an 
edited collection of audio tapes con-
taining oral arguments from 23 fa-
mous Supreme Court cases over 35 
years, came under fire in the October 

"Irons ... has pulled the wool over 
the eyes of a legal and journalistic 
community," Lazarus writes. 

One of Lazarus' first arguments 
claims that Irons shows "astonishing 
carelessness with constitutional law. " 
The remark stems from Irons ' asser-
tion that, "The Courts have the ulti-
mate power of enforcement [of the 
Constitution]. " 

Lazarus argues that because judges 
lack the power of law enforcement 
they have been given the paramount 
responsibility of defining laws and 

Another point of contention, arises 
from (ron 's presentation of the 1958 
Little Rock school integration case, 
Cooper v. Aaron. Lazarus alleges the 
oral arguments from Aug. 28 and 
Sept. 11 were spl iced together, "creat-Lazarus argues that Irons' personal 

biases have produced a work so mis-

yll4tN ZoloIom/GuIlllJIMt 
Lut rememberenc .. for the lete Welter Hemcenbere, professor at 510. 

Services Held for USAir Victim 
MEMORIAL: Heiligenberg 
remembered as a man of modesty 
By Tom Barkley 
Guardian Reporter 

Memorial services were held for Walter 
HeiJigenberg, neuroscience professor at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography (SIO)on Friday, Sept. 
30 by the tide pool of the Stephen Birch Aquarium-
Museum. He was among the vidims of the Sept. 8 
USAir jetliner crash outside of Pittsburgh. 

Heiligenberg established a world-wide reputa-
tion in the field of neuroscience while at SIO 
through his studies of the informational process-
ing in the nervous_systems of electri~ fish. 

Born in Berlin in 1938, Heiligenberg spent his 
war-tom childhood moving betwc!en different 
Gennan towns, according to fellow Scripps pro-
fessor Ted Bullock. In 1963, he earned a doctoral 
degreeSlUMlil cum /Qude in zoology at the Univer-
sity of Munich and spent the neictlO years with the 
Max Planck Institute at Seewiesen under the guid-
ance of Nobel Prize Laureate Konrad Lorenz. 

Arriving at Scripps in 1973 IS a visiting scien-
tist in the neurobiology unit, "Walter immediately 
hit it off with our electric fish, learning secrets 
from them that we had never known, u he bIoa-
IOIIIed" inlO a pat scientist, BulJock said. 

-He aIIo hit it off with our faculty: Bullock 
added. "1bia visitina fint-doc WII on the faculty 
within a year of his arrival and a fuD profeaor 
within another year." 

Heil ........... aM CIOUIIII at 510 ia aDimaI 

behavior and neuroscience, and produced a num-
ber of doctorates in both departments. , 

Assenior editorofGeneral Comparative Physi-
ology, said Cornell University professor Andrew 
Bass, "Walter nourished the growth of 
neuroethology internationally and particularly in 
the United States. He was to be the incoming 
president of the Society of Neuroethology, and the 
entire field will be diminished by his absence." 

In 1991, Heiligenberg received his first David 
Sparks Prize in systems neurophysiology, and was 
elected a member of the American Aqdemy of 
Arts and Sciences two years later. A modest man, 
he never told even friends and family about win-
ning these awards, recalled long-time friend and 
colleague Mark Konishi, professor at the Califor-
nia Institute of Technology. 

HeiJigenberg distinguished between the pro-
ducers and consumers of science, Bullock ex-
plained, considering himself one of the former. 
"He astounded his colleagues by never sitting at a 
desk - he didn't havea desk. [By] never dictating 
to a secretary or counseling a student, but sitting in 

-his tennis short&, bare-chesled and bare-footed at 
his 'rig' - this mountain of elcctronic~ptical­
hydraulic geir surrounding the tiny fISh, the size of 
a stubby penc:i~" ptherinS data. 

He isremembeted .. apat tacherwhotaught 
by "enthusiastic, ever-optimistic" example, .. 
dceaibed by Bullock. "He transmitted the motiva-
tion that a student needI DOt by uyina 'AItaboyl' 
or 'Good work,' but by showing his own sensuous 

See M!MORtAL, Pace 9 

COLOR USED 

See COURT, Page 10 

Season Over for 
P.E. Department 
RECREAnON: Students must 
soon 'pay to play' without credit 
By Dan Kraft 
Senior Staff Writer 

Rumors surrounding the imminent demise of 
UCSO's P.E. department were recently confirmed 
by UC President Jack Peltason, m a letter officially 
disestablished on Dec. 3"1 of this year. 

Although Peltason made the final decision, 
recommendations from UCSO's Academic Sen-
ate and various university departments favored the 
move. 

According to Nick Spitzer, chairman of the 
Academic Senate and professor of biology, the 
disestablishment has been in the works "for at least 
two years, but these mailers [were investigated] 
substantially in advance of that. The diminution of 
the Physical Education Department over the past 
few years in combination with the [budget] crunch 
contributed to this decision. 

"Our recommendation was submitted to Presi-
dent Peltason only after enormous deliberation 
and debate," Spitzer said. "Every effort is being 
made to retain the opportunities for students which 
P.E. represented," 

Most ofthe debate took place at a May 9 forum 
where students, community members and faculty 
made pleas to save the department. Department 
supporters argued that the P.E. budget was only 
one-tenth of one percent of the total academic 
budget. Supporters also claimed that the 
department's demise had been planned years ear-
lier when the university failed to fill vacancies in 
the department left by retiring instructors. Admin-
istrators, however, argued that the academic bud-
get was simply too small and that the functions of 
the P.E. department could be satisfied by the 
recreation department. 

"The recreation department will be looking to 
incorporate as many of the sports as possible, " said 
Joseph Watson, vice chancellor of student affairs. 
"The main difference will be that the classes will 
no longer carry credit." 

Watson said that not all of the decisions re-
garding the disestablishm~t of the department 
have been finalized. 

"Weare still thinking that [the transfers] will be 
done, but it hasn 't been done administratively as of 
yet," Watson said. 

Details of tbe' dissolution will iikely be re-
solved at a meeting scheduled between the new 
dean of the Arts and Humanities Department, 
where P.E. WII previously loca&ed, and the vice 
chancellor of academic affairs. 

It is not yet known which courses will be added 
10 the recreation department, only that, "every 

See P.E., peael0 



2 NEWS 

Students to Wake Up 
To Emergency Drill 
SIMULAnGN: Resident deans, advisors and students 
prepare for a real-hie crisis 
ByM .. ,. '.1 
Guardian Reporter 

Students campus-wide will wake 
up tomorrow morning to the shrill 
sounds of fire bells and sirens for the 
annual emergency drill. 

The drill, beginning at 7: 15 a.m. 
and ending at 8:00 a.m., is an effort by 
the UCSD Housing 
and Dining SeIVices, 
and Residential Life 
Emergency Prepared-
ness Committee to 
educale studcnlS about 
hoY( to cope with po-
tential emergencies, 
such as the possibility 
of a major earthquake. 

For the driD, studenL'i have volun-
teered to simulate injuries, such as 
broken legs, cuts, bruises and abra-
sions. Resident advisors trained to 
deal with these proble~ will then 
give the appropriate medical attention 
to each student. 

"Every RA. has a certain respon-
sibility they Ire 
supposecltododur-
ing the drill. Check 
for names ... make 
sure everybody 
gets out of the 
building ... make 
sure nobody is 
hurt," said Argo 
Hall Resident Ad-
visor Eugene Son. "If a real emer-

gency should ever oc-
cur we want students 
to do the right thing 
and to know where to 
go," said Sandy 
Kromwell, chair-
woman of the UCSD 
Housing and Dining 
SeIVices,and Residen-
tial Life Emergency 
Preparedness Com-
minee. 

"If a real 
emergency 

Although the 
drill seems more of 
a nuisance than a 
benefit to some, 
mosl students real-
ize and understand 
the importance of 
knowing how to 
react in an cmer-

Initiated eight years 
ago by Muir College, 
emergency drills were 
adopted campus-wide 
only within the last six 
years, according to 

should ever 
occur, we want 
students to do 
the right thing 
and know where 
to go to." 

-Sanely Kromwell 
Chairperson of Residential 

life Emergency 
Preparedness Committe 

geney. 
"I think it will 

be an inconve-
nience, but it's a 
necessary inconve-
nience," said 
Revelle sophomore 
Robin Li. 

Revelle Resident Dean Kate Mangan. 
"The scariest 

thing is that a lot of students don't 
want to get up and go out if they hear 
an alarm .... Everybody needs to react 
if there is an alarm," Kromwell said. 
"It would be a much bigger inconve-
nienceif an earthquake hit, " Kromwell 
added. 

Not only is the drill meant. to let 
studentS know which areas are safe to 
go to in the eventof an emergency, but 
it is also planned to help resident 
advisors feel more confident about 
dealing with a crisis situation. 

ERRATA 
In the Sept. 29, 1994 GU4I'dUm article, "Program Rescues Stranded Driv-

ers," the campus Motor ~istance Program does not repair damaged tires. 

APPLY TO BE THE NEW 
ASSOCIATE 

NEWS EDITOR 
SUBMIT OLIPS, RESUME 
AND GOVER LETTER TO: 

ALEX THIESEN, NEWS EDITOR 
THE UGSD GUARDIAN, ROOM 217 
STUDENT GENTER BUILDING A 

,ApPLIOATIONS DUE BY WEDNESDAY, !} P.M. 
GALL :>34-6~80 FOR MORE INFO 

,..tao~""'IbIdIp"'l1uIdIrI~"ICIIIImk:"'IIrIllllIar""'" 
"UCSD ........... " .. ,......,III .. IOIn._" .... IIII1111._1IIIII'IIIIDII1I 
.., ........... l ......... ,.... lIwUCSD~IIIIIII ............. _" 
1IIIfIIIdIIII ...... M.TIII .......... III ................... ---.. 
l1li '--'" .......... " lIw tao ~ .. ~"CIIIIINI." 
_ ~ lIwUCSDa.-.II'-.. ., ___ rlO ..... _111_ 
- DOUI ALlXMDD. Editor In ChIef 

ALIXANDIIt TNIIIIN, NrNI Editor 
FItMCIICO DlVRlEI, Fe«tn. Editor 

MIlA VAIIMM, OpInion Editor 
.... WIIDIN, Co-Spotta Editor 

The UCSD Cuardiaa Mo .... '. October S. 19M 

ETCETERA ... 
BEST OF CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

n ... 21 ... Ie •. 
\ 

IT\ CLi'" 1\.1. Hi8 \U.V£ 
~ CIoIEEA II ~ lIMn. 
{ LDoRN 10 SIIfNS M'f 
SQl'41'4~ IMSTKT". 

-'--______ ~ L.. ______ ~ '--------'".~, • ---
-

lEY! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Professor Awarded Honorary Degree 
Geor&e Feher, professoremerltusofphyslcs at UCSD, 

has been awarded a Doctor PhlIosophIae Honoris Causa 
degree from the Hebrew University ot Jerusalem_ Hebrew 
University recognized Feher's contrIlutions In ~, 
chemistIy and bioIoO. 

The work tor which Feher was honored has allowed 
/8se8lChers to better understand the primary structlIe of 
the photos)'nthetIc appntus. In particular, Feher's 18-
seafCh focused on the COfl1)Iex nature of memblaue 
structlIes called reaction ceItefs. 

Feher, 8 native of CzechoslovakIa, reCeived his 
bachelor's deCree In ~ ptrjsIcs from UC Berke-
ley, followed by 8 masters dejJee In eJec:trica1 ercJneer-

~ and 8 doctorate In ~. 
Feher joined the UCSO faIUty In 1960 as 8 pfrjsIcs 

professor after ~ at CokmHa UnMIrsIty as a 
visitirC associate professor. He was elected to the 
NatIonal Academy of Sciences In 1975 and AmerIcan 
Academy of ScIences In 1977. 

Lecture on Biotechnology 
Held at Institute of tile Americas 

A lecture on the biotechnology Industry will be given 
ThI-fSday, Oct. 6 from 5 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. at the Hojel 
AudltorilJ1l at the Institute of the Americas by Edward E. 
Penhoet, a Ieadi~ biotechnology research and bus~ 
nessman. 

Penhoet Is a Regents Lecturer at UCSO, the first 
person to receive this honor from the campus' blolort 
department. Penhoet Is also president and CEO of 
Chiron, one of the world' 5 leadirc biotectlnoIo6' CO/1'IPIt' 
nies. The company disc:overed the hepatitis C virus and 
developed the antlboctf test which Is used to screen 
donated blood and plasma for the disease. Chiron also 
developed the first genetically qineered vaccine for the 
hepatitis B virus. 

Penhoet Is an altunct rnerrber of the faculty at the 
University of California, Berl<eley where he received the 

DAlit KRAFT, Co-SpotIS Editor 
TEOD LADD, Associate Sports Editor 

JEFF NIESEL. Hiatus Editor 
YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, PrIolO Editor 

CHUCK NGUYEN, Assocl.e PrIolo Editor 
DOMINIC LOaIA, Graphics Editor 
." LAIIIIN, Des/fn Editor 

WAR ... MO, Pro<Wctlon Man.,., 

DIstII9i&hed Facult¥ Award In 1991. In addition, he 
Is a member of the ScIerdIc AdvIsory Board to 
~. 

Penhoet will discuss how the various sectors of 
society, such 85 uniYerslties, &CMtI'TlIYl8nt, investors 
and busineSSeS must wort< together tor the bIotecn-
noIoeY industJy to succeed. 

Lecture Held on the DendH of 
ScIence journalism 

"Whv Science Joum8Iism Is Feeble and ~ 
Worse· Is the title of the lect1n that will be &Nen by 
Daniel Greenber&. editor and pWIIsher of ScIence 
IIIId Gowmment Report, a ~ newsIett8r I88d 
by ICIantIsts. research admkllstJato.'I 8nd ~ 
ment oftIcIeIs it (MIl' 50 COIIItrIes. Or_ube. has 
been a coUnnIst for the New EIfIWtd JofmIII « 
MIIctiIe, the news editor of ScIence rnaeazine 8nd 
has written r1.I'IMinM 8rt1c1es. 

The Iect1n will be &IYen on Monday, Oct. 31n York 
Hall, Room 2622. 

UCSD Professor ReceIv .. 
fulbright CIrMt for 19944. 

Te C. Hu, 8 professor In the Computer Science 
and ErCI~Department, has received. FuIbrWlt 
grant for the 1994-95 academic year_ He will use the 
&J8Ilt to conduct research at the UniYersIty of Bonn 
In Germany. 

The grants are awarded through a national c0m-
petition and designed to support international edtJc&. 
tIonal excIlarce. 

Professor Hu received his doctorate In applied 
mathematics from Brown UniYerSIty and was a re-
search staff member of the IBM Research Center. Hu 
has been a member of the UCSD faculty since 1974 
and has authored several textbooks. 

EdIIGrIII: 1134 RIO, Nfts/fNtWW: 1134622e. 
~: l1344li82, H-": 1134 eel3 

IIuIIMu 0ftIee: 1134-3411. fa: 1134-7"1 
UCSD Q".",.., .100 81 ....... DrIve 0318, 

... JoIIII, CA .2013-0318 _ 
__ .......... UCID-'-C:---. '10'.II1II. 211 

MoDela':. Oetober 3. 19M The UCSD Cuardian NEWS 3 

AtkinsOil Faces a Possible 
$6.5 Million Court Default 
By M8Ianne v.,.a 
St." Writer 

ClwIcellor Richard Atkinson may face a 
$6.5 million default rulingagainst him for aUeg-
edly violatinJ a former University employcc's 
civil righll. The default ruling, also filed against 
former campus Police Chief John Anderson, 
was entered in District Court on Aug. 30 of Ibis 
year by Don Lake, a fonner asaistant teacher at 
the UCSD Early Achievement Qnter. 

Lake filed his original complaint on July 8, 
1994 against the university, the UC Board of 
Regents, 0Ia.nce11or Atkinson, Early Childhood 
Edl!Cltion ~EC) DireCtor .Josephine Foulks, 
ECECSupervisorTrudyCampbcIl, former cam-
pus police chief John Anderson, security officer 
William A. Macintyre, an unknown UCSD dis-
patcher, an unknown campus protection agent, 
four unknown campus security officers and La 
JoDa Towing. 

The twelve counts in the lawsuit included 
violation of civil rights, assault and battery, 
intentional infliction of emotional distress, neg-
ligence, conspiracy and defamation of charac-
ter. 

All of the defendants except Atkinson and 
Anderson responded to the summons and their 
cases IIC pending. 

-

Aa:ording to Vann Jahnes-Smith of the 
UCSD Rmk Management OffICe, Atkinson and 
Anderson did not ICIuaIly default because they 
were never properly served. 

"If we are properly seIVed, then we will 
respond," Jahnta-Smith said. 

A Nov. 28 fcderaI court hearing will decide 
the issue. 

Lake's alleged mistreatment began when 
Director Foulks asked him to temporarily work 
in the kitchen of the Early Education Center, 
while he WIS hired IS an assistant teacher. Sev-
eral months later, when Lake asked to return to 
his duties IS a teacher, he claims he was threat-
ened with the loss of his job ifhe did notcontinue 
to voluntarily work in the kitchen. 

"As an employee, I was treated differently. 
No other teachers were made to work in the 
kitchen as I was," Lake said. 

Lake claimed he was then denied participa-
tion in staff mcctings, work seminars and other 
ECEC staffactivities. He said he unsuccessfully 
tried to mediate the situation through the Em-
ployees Union and the Employee Relations 
Department 

Lake claimed he soon became ill from job-
related stress and was hospitalized for a week in 

See DEFAULT, Page 9 

A.S. Appoints New Officers 
VICE PRESIDENTS: Election candidates flll new positions 
By EI.loe C.muao 
Senior Staff Writer 

The final two AS. position's left vacant by 
last year's controversial election were filled 
recently by AS. President Carla Tesak. 

The positiom became vacant following last 
Sp'ing'sA.S.JudicialBoard'sremovalofnewly 
elected Vice President of Fmance Jennie Craig 
and Vice President External Naomi Falk. 

Tesak appointed last year's Vice President 
of Finance candidate Silvia Sfiligoi to the posi-
lion of vice president of finance, which was 
vacated by Jennifer Craig. Craig in tum was 
appointed to vice president of external affairs, 
which was vacated by Naomi FalX. 

Falk was appointed as the A.S. representa-
tive to the University of California Student 
Association (UCSA), a duty recently separated 
from the responsibililes of the vice president of 
external affairs. 

Craig and Falk were removed from office 
last May, after the Judicial Board found the two 
running mates guilty of six election bylaw 
violations. 

Although the decision barred Craig and 
Falk from reapplying for appointment to their 
offICCS, it placed no restraints on applying for 
other AS. positions. 

As AS. president, it was Tesak 'sduty to fill 

the vacancies. Tesak's appointments were 
approved by a board of senator representa-
tives from each college. 

"I had established before that if I had not 
gotten qualified applicants,l would wait until 
Fall," Tesak said. "But [Craig and FalX] are 
extremely qualified. The case with JeMY was 
whether or not to overlook [the judicial board 
decision] and her extreme qualification made 
me overlook it." 

According to Tesak, Sfiligoi's appoint-
ment was immediate because student organi-
zation funding decisions were being made at 
the time the vice president finance offICe was 
vacated. "She was basically the most quali-
fied person who applied," Tcsak said. "She 
had some really good ideas for changing 
things and seemed to have it all together." 

However, the vice president external and 
UCSA representative positions were less 
pressing, and given more consideration be-
fore a final appointment was made. 

"I'm very fortunate to be doing the part of 
the external office job that I enjoy most," said 
Falk, who seIVed as the ASUCSD campus 
offi<;e director for UCSA last year. As the 
UCSA representative this year, Falk chairs 
the UCSA Fees and Financial Aid committee 

See OmCERS, Page 10 

E PREPARED tl{!) ~ I!J)) Now ENROlliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR lllE r-1 
Preparation begins with quations Mi MSMIJ. Qwstions 'seem easy, but often don't get asked 
We belim die earlier and more often JOII ask qaestions, the sooner and better the answe n. 
Who will wricc your lctter. of rccommcndation? . 

tY. :II'! 

R\ih 

tr 1111 Vt\O of .,. ,..,. __ • Inn ".." wi writI '" IK ••• II bliH,r De they bow .". .. 
I.etttn .. _ ..... .as: I) AadeIIic ". (_ 2 scieIct. 11IIIIICittIa~ 2) IeseardI Stlrces, aM 
3) CIiiaIIOdIer PnfaaiaIIIs. Da.aIsInIt ",r CIIIIptletlCt, ~ ~, aM iIIttcritJ· 

c? .111 Whcrc 'will you leI your clinical cxpericncc? Will it involvc primary car 
.. Yo !Hrjee P'" IW, ..., IW. OWGp, Ptdiatria, lid Gtriatrio) is tilt IrU 01 I"1hSt 
pIIpIiciaI _ .. _.WIII CI •••• (_ sem4 br dillies) haft the cmtnt priMary art Mtt 
Wi '" seek III "" ",. (2+ J'III) Mia! uptrieIct ill I diIic, IIospiIaI, prtaptriip.. etc! 

Will you do I'ClCarch? WhOle lab? What problcms are you intercsccd in 
I.aIMark is _ IHiIIs lid....... II ..... t!jftrRMC in 1M ndtI if YOII ¥t ill I lab willi 
,..,.. pili ill. ..... II I ,...,.. dIat ". JIll. Get tilt faculty actiwicits cIinctGritt for die iftstitItioas 
JIll art iIltmtt4 ill. Talk II pi slIMs aM ptstdaa ill m..s laM befart~. AtteM P 

? 

, 
IIIH1iIIp or jounIaI dIbs if YOII cal, 10 Itt .', ... whit. IIMI • JOII "COlllltd" widI. 

c? How will you kecp your gradcl up? How docs cach of your profcssors grad 
Wht does .,.. prlltssor stnss o. hisIhtr ttstsr Ttxt1 lKturt1 An YOII MUnl )he cxgcm (TA offict h 
It mitw tile 1e11l4t em "....s1 0. YOII ... old tm to practi<t withr WhiI is Jour ltully pbn 

n) 
r 

Who will prep you £01' the April MeAT? When will you begin? 
IIasInc die April lOT ,..m IItIKJ Nt II lilt .. 1IdaIIIt1lCal COIICtpu of int-Y"" physics. 1Me, Itlltral chtm, 
lid I ... dnI of orpic. lin .. lias it ben sillCt ,.. UJ dIese mnsr An tllere ..., nMlp spots 
Yt\at COUnt wiI em '" die .. pnpanIiH1 Cal anMIII4I aM CDIIIfIIF'. Ow jptcNjn 45 -. 12 WI 
(MDt _ II!!!!I[J 14th,. lilt JOII CJII san miewiI& wid! our HOlle Prep Pad! October 31st. 

1 
ck 

Be Prepared. 

Come visit usl 
Mon-FrI, 1oam-2pm 

Enrolling DQYt for Apr '9 
MeAT PreparaHon 

PROFESSIONAL 
5 

CAT 
COURSE- t Early Discoun endiOct. 3 1 

U Village Prof Ctr, .1131 
ASS-l000 800 MD-BOUNf) 

.LfU •• _ ... _1 ... _ ... -"' ...... 
/711 V£Jt=1 -,t=t::Il -'III'J-J ~~" tr. uca~ ~..;.,ua. ..I.,m mTIIETDGEI'SERJOIISUtJI!I'11IE1'JJT." ~ L 

COMING SOON TO 

( HILLCREST) 
Pickup the GUARDIAN at many Hillcrest location. 

starting Monday. October 10th 
Mae .... 11 ......... am ...... ,t. 11.-....... II.,I..aL 

~ 
IT 

" 

eofrutrJia ;qel1T Ret}/~(Q 
ServIng the UCSD ."..medlc8l community since 1985 , 

* M.D,'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
o INTENSIVE MCAT preparation &. medical school application! 

admissions assistance arc all we do! 
o MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taughl by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidales, & English Departmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. 

o ORIGINATOR. not simulator, of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
0 13 WEEU (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, readinglwriting workshops, review groups, 
med school application &. admissions strategies, &. tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading &. writing 
Sludyguides, MCAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

o REAL MCAT TFSDNG for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIlEO' CONIAO' with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• TJITORING, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine 
o LOWER rumoN than other courses. 

1~.~I;Hl •• aHQD 456-8488 

V I Ill' 1110.\/ "Otl rs 
VIlle hcsl illslrllclors 
VIlle hesl maleria!.,· 
VIlle hesl/ocal;nll 
V 111(' he'\'l result., 
V I II (' Imresl cost 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 



" OPINION ...... UCSDG~ 

PINION 
Does the planned Smithsonian memorial for the Japanese victims of the atom bombs rewrite history? 

AN EMPIRE 

The Bomb Saved Lives 
By Derek van Holten, Contributing Opinion Writer 

The Smithsonian exhibit 
depicts the Japanese 
as Innocently defendln, 
their land against the 
United States, while 
Ignoring their savage 
tour through Southeast 
Asia. 

Next August marks the 50th 
anniversary of the dropping of the atomic 
bombs on Hiroshima and NagaSaki in Japan. 
In remembrance, the Smithsonian Institute's 
National Air and Space Museum has planned 
an exhibit which will include the front hull of 
the Enola Gay, the 8-29 that dropped the 
bomb on Hiroshima. However, instead of 
planning an exhibit which accurately depicts 
the war in the PacifIC, the Smithsonian has 
opted to rewrite history. 

The new, distorted view shows the Japa-
nese as innocent, honorable victims; defend-
ing their homeland against savage attacks by 
ruthless Americans. The Smithsonian justi-
fies this by saying it will oot glorify any 
American military action: "We just can't af-
ford to make war a heroic event," said Mu-
seum Director Martin Harwit. However, the 
same exhibit would provide a significant 
amount 10 the remembrance of the noble, 
brave kamikaze pilots of Japan. They are 
descnbed as "youth, their bodice overflowing 

with life," with their elaborate rituals, spirituality and bravery. 
Apparently, their acts of war were indeed heroic. 

How can the Smithsonian allege that the Japalleac killing of 
Americans deserve praise, while American soldien warrant no 
glorified rerniniKence? This is not to say we should romanticize 
war, but that we should record the events accurately, recognizing 
that both sides killed, neither more savagely than the other. 

While the Smithsonian is doing its pari to rewrite the history 
books, the Enola Gay exhibit is only one representation of an 
even broader theme currently perpetuated throughout the 
United States. As a recentNew York Times editorial points 

• 

out, condemning all American history as "a woeful catalog ~.;:::.., 
of crimes and aggressions against the helplesspcoplesofthe 
earth" is becoming increasingly popular. Modem observation of 
history too often deems all U.S. military action unjustified and 
heartless. 

The Smithsonian exhibit depicts the Japanese as innocently 
defending their land against the United States, whi.le. ignoring 
their savage tour tluough Southeast Asia. Japan's so-<:aIled 
"Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere" consisted of running 
roughshod over any country in its path. The Japaneae claimed 
they would lead East Asia to greatness on a world scale, but that 
path to that greatness included massive destruction and murder. 
First, Japan attacked Indochina, booting out the French. Next, it 
moved to Burma and then further south, to Malaysia. Eventually, 
Japan '5 "sphere" included virtually everything in Southeast-
Asian waters. 

And what of JapM's most barbaric attack: its invasion of 
mainland China? Where in the Smithsonian exhibit do we hear 
aboulthis unprovoked assault, most notably the savage massacres 
in Nanking? The "courlpOUS" and "brave" Japanese soldiers 
lined up and shot over 300,000 civilians, raping thousands along 
the way for good measure. Few scenes from World War II are as 
brutal and hwtIess as the Japanese II\ISSICreS in auna. Yet. the' 
exhibit ignores them, cboosing instead to paint the Japanese 
soldier as a defender instead of an attacker. 

Depicting these Japaneae aoIdien as victims ignorea their role 
• instipton. This includca the aneaIt aIIack on Pearl Harbor in 
1941. Lost in the shufIJe of the Smithaonian exhibit is the 
fundamental fact that Japan attacked the United States, which 
hardly quaIifiea the laf*ae U victims. 

The United seat., DOW deemed evil and reIemlea 'by the 
Smiboaian, was defeaclina itIeIf. Some my arpe thII Japan 

SIt IIWRITI, Paae 7 

Dealing Honestly With Our Past 
By Francisco De Vries, Senior Staff Writer 

The museum simply .ants 
visitors to examl. the 
questions ral .... by our 
*oppI. of the bomb In • 
context !lOt draped In 
patriotism. 

Ona bright August momingalll1OlC 50 
yean ago, the Enola Gay flew over the 
Japanese city of Hiro&hima.Iu it paaed, 
the early morning silence was sbaacRd 
when the first atomic bomb ever used in 
combat was dropped from the u.s. 8-29 
bomber, decimating the city and killing 
111),000 people. 

The world hII never been the same. 
Howwec:hoole to rememberthlt fate-

ful morning, and whether we U a nation 
can honestly deal with the decision to 
drop the bomb has been an issue for 50 
yeus. 

When the Smithsonian laid its plans to 
co~ the Japaneac killed by the 
atom bomb by placing the Enola Gay 
pennaneatly in the Air and SpKe Mu-
MUm. it wu aImoIt inevillble the deIlete 
would lip apin. The t,tUleUlll'. deci-

sion to _ude the evidence of deIIruc:doa 011 the PJWId hal 
made that deba&e more fervent Thecoalnw.ay roc.. 0IICIe 
apia 011 the decision to drop the bomb: Did Truman ead Ibe 

See JUDI ... .,... 7 

. • I· 
, 110_,., October 3,1994 The UCSD Guardiaa OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: The government's medical experiments should not include nonconsenting human subjects 
THE SECRET LIFE OF THE u. S. GOVERNMENT 

By AInIt ANN.a 
ConttlbutltW ()pinion Writer 

The tbawina of the Cold War has 
uncovered a realm of acandaIs that 
our leaders probIbly wish would melt 
and disappear. While some c:hooIe to 
laugh it off as a James Bond fantasy, 
our government is up to more than 
you can imagine. 

And the offenses lie not between 
Dltion&, but rather against us - the 
citizens of the United States. 

In the last 50 years, leading offi-
cials in WUhington, D.C. have man-
aged to appropriate tax dollars to fund 
a Iup number of medial and "na-
tional security" projects, such as drug 
and radiation studies. The test sub-
jects in many of these projects, most 
of which are dangerous, have been 
human. 

The real violation, however, is that 
II)05t of these subjects weren't in-
formed of the testing they were under-
going. 

In 1955, Willowbrook St. Hospi-
tal in Staten Island, N.Y., deliberately 
infected a number of rewdcd chil-
dren with hepatitis. Neither the chil-
dren nor their parents were asked for 
their oonsenl 

In the mid-I960s, 34 inmates at 
Concord State Prison in Massadlu-
setts were given psilocybin (PCP), a 
dangerous drug that produces halluci-
nogenic effects. 

Once again, the subjects weren't 
given the choice to refuse the doses 
nor were they told what was being 
given to them. 

However, such drug-research 
studies were not confined to the re-

tuded and oonvided. In fact, virtu-
ally every citizen of our supposedly 
open and honest country is readily 
vulnerable to such manipulation. U.S. 
college and universities comprise a 
large portion of the offenders. 

In the 196Os, the UCMedial Cen-
ter at San Francisco conducted radia-
tion tests on random patients. One 
man is now suing for $10 million, 
claiming a dental appointment turned 
into a nightmare of pills and injec-
tions. Only now have authorities dis-
covered morclhan 1,IXXl patients were 
involved ""7 all unknowingly. 

1beI>epartment of Energy claims 
it was receiving over 700 calls per 
hour when it set upa botIine for people 
who suspected they were victims of 
this cruel science project. 

Could it be, every time you pick 
up some medication from the phar-
macy,you'reactually geUingviruses? 
And if so, how can you tell? You 
can't. 

A buic code of rights got thrown 
out somewhere among the medical 
waste. 

Our government ~nnecessarily 
placed thousands of innocent people 
at risk and more than likely oontinues 
to do so. 

Strangely enough, there are those 
who argue that government medical 
testing is the only way to propess. 

George Voelz, a member of a lab 
that oonducted such testing, was 
quoted in theNewMoicM assaying, 
"We were proud of the work. We~lt 
weweredoingsomethingfor.thecoun-
try." A handful of manipulativescien-
lists and government leaders hardly 

IAuIoIIIIOtIft ~ 

10010 OFF 
LABOR 

,~ 

In the 1980., the UC 
Medical Center at 
San francisco 
conducted radiation 
tests on random 
patients. One man Is 
now suing for $10 
million, clalmln. a 
dental appointment 
turned Into a 
nightmare of pills 
and Injections. Only 
now have authorities 
discovered more 
than 1,000 patients 
were Involved - all 
unknowingly. 
comprises "the country." 

InEl Paso,eightchiidren,ages 12-
14, were given radioadiveiodine. This 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hvur1d~E,.buII~~ 
........... IIUZU Acura DlllnaUIUI 

Minor Tune Up Special $24 ~reg . $55) 
Our tune up includes • lot trIOI8 /han others. It includes: 

t. Spa!1I plugs 
2. Oi8tributOl' points 
3. Condanaers 
4. Adjust Timing 
5. Chedl and raplenish all fluid 

and ail levels 

6. Adjust dwelt angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
7. Check brakas . damages 
8. Check dutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $84 * 
Extra for IueI-Injected. aur tnIjor rune up 1tIt:Iudes: (reg. $150) . 1.CCW,......... . 

. time, the parents knew what was hap-
pening and they consented to iton the 
grounds they were furthering research. 

How far will we go for the sake of 
science and how do we know if we've 
gone 100 far? 

Proponents of the government's 
medical testing claim there's no pos-
sible way of finding cures without 
testing. 

Testing has truly broughton great 
advances, especially in the scientific 
fields. Yet, at the loss of public safety 
and trust, the results are compara-
tively minimal. 

Not only does our trust disappear, 
but so does our money. Compiling the 
total dollars spent on this type of test-
ing wouldn't be worth the time or 
effort, as government offICials have 
conveniently lost many records. The 
public never voted to allow spending 
of our tax money on Nazi-like re-
search practices. 

The University of Wisconsin, 
Madison, claims it spent $325 million 
on research in 1993 alone. A portion 
of the funding was through agencies 
such as the National Science Founda-
tion, which is supported by taxes. 
Although it maintains strict regula-
tions on testing today, university offi-
cials admit they can't be certain of 
what happened in the labs a few de-
cades ago. 

If you're wondering how these 
studies have benefited the public, 
don't look at your everyday conve-
niences and safeties. According to 
the apparent trend, the government 
has taken the fruits of its deceit and 
swall,?wed them in defense projects. 

The UC system manages the Los 
Alamos laboratories which produces 
nuclear warheads for the U.S. stock-
pile. 

All the sophisticated gadgdry com-
monly flaunted in spy movies actu-
ally exists. The defense department 
regularly uses a satellite tracking sys-
tem which is 10 times more accurate 
than the civilian Global Positioning 
System (GPS). However, the com-
mon navigator can't get his hands on 
the military's system, even though it 
could lower the rate of lost ships and 
airplanes. It's all out of reach - not 
exactly a sign of a government for the 
people. 

It's ironic that research conducted 
in the name of national security in-
flicted trauma upon the nation's own 
citizens. 

While our country 's soldiers were 
overseas, attempting to end Hitler's 
bizane research practices, top scien-
tists were performing similar experi-
ments back home. 

Although it would be silly to con-
stantly worry about falling victim 10 
government experiments, there isnev-
ertheless the possibility it could hap-
pen again. 

The regulations are gelting pro-
gressively stronger, but more work 
needs to be done. So far, the future 
doesn't promise a day when we can 
feci confident in our government's 
doings. 

If you believe you have been a 
subject in an unauthorized test on 
campus, in a lab or a hospital, call the 
Department of Energy at 1-800493-
2998. 

2. ........... 11. $ *'Ma 20. I..&AIe fnInt end 28. Chec:k IIICIIWIarge 
...... 12. dMIi'" angle 21 . CIIIIdI & f'IPIInIII1a1 bIIIIrIes. If-..y 
3. __ ..... 13. CIIburwIDr "-lid a 01 ~ 211. AOIIII '"' (WIIMdId) 

(II"..... 14. air & fuel ratio 22. CIIedI eIecIrII* systam 30. ChedlhS: 
4. ...... ..... mIIIIn 23. CIIedI for IooIe & loll 31 . lIM door 

MONDAY: Monday Night Footl:1all - 5~elere/Ollere 
Free Paeta ~ar . • 1.50 fIrte'. WIcbt.t Ale 
5.~"" 15. iUlering boK bob 32.Chedlal 

. 8. CcIndINM. 16. <*IICII , 24. CIIedI brIkes 33. ChedI cooling system & 
7. AIr _ . 17. brIkes 25. CIIedI '**II '-
.. 01_. 18. _glll'Y brIkes 28. ClllldlIIgIIII ... 34. ChIdt ",hIusIlytIIIm 
II. 011_.... 19. CIiIdI & ... expoMd 27. CIIedI Ulldllc.'" 35. RoId lett 
10. !ngN 01 billa for dImIIgIa 
_ ..... _ ..... T ............ ao.o.un2OOlX ...... ..-.. .... 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 
..... 1 ......... _ ........ _, 

t'-. 
.. a.. .. 
.. ,.... .... 
........... 

.... ---. 7 . ........ 
---
........... 
100 __ _ 

--

Brake Job $39* Special (l1li. SIO) 
FtOfIIIIf --"/lib Int*dII: I. ... __ .,.. . 
1. ....... __ ..... _ .. ,.._,,_,. 

--- ---
t............... 7 ..... __ .... ' 
......................... ---................ .. ....... 

. Timing Belt Special $99* 
1rI1II ....... M ...... _ .,. ..... ' •• '.". An _ wilt ..... Z.,..r or 

ZI ......... II ..... ...,...,. All ~rIcII""" "'" 1III1.1Ior • 
~ . 8008 Mira ..... Rd. 
.. 695~19.0 

...... __ 1M ... 

TUESDAY: Nemesis. Side Job • PJaysaool 
Fe.turil1!l DJ Johnny JohMon 
HOUge - DI&co - Funic - Hip Hop $1 U Call It Drink. 

. WEDNESDAY: Live Reggae featuring Citizen X and DJ Johnny John50n 
$1 J)rafte & Kam.kazl. • $2 Lone leI.rule • $3 C(NfJt" 

THURSDAY: Tic Toc m.turing DJ ~15011 W 
Houee. Trance. Dieco. Funk. Hip Hop 

FRIDAY: Nemesis Pro.:iuctlon& 
• !SOt DnIfN 8-9 pm. '1!5f DrafW 9-10 pm. $1.DrafW 10-11 pm 
• $2 Lone 1.l14Ie.1I ni~ht • .1 .~ all n~ht 

SATURDAY: Veeas ProducUon& 
!SOt DnIhe 1}-9 pm. 1M DnIfw 9-10 pm •• l DnIfce 10-11 pm 
• $toW U CaDit. till 11 pm 

SUNDAY: All U Can Eat &uffst & &runah $6 II.m .... pm 
• $1 TQ H~ Shoce 

4190 Mission 8Ivd., Pacific 5ach Call 274-5UGS 



6 OPINION The UCSD Gurdiaa 

DC SPuN ITS SPENDING OUT OF CONTROL 
EdItor: 

The University of California is 
squandering millions of public dol-
Ilm by diverting funds intended for 
education and research 10 defend ille-
gal employment practices. 

A classic example of the UC'~ 
irresponsible and wasteful lillgallon 
strategy was having the California 
Open Files Act declared unconslllU-
tional. The act enabled UC faculty to 
examine the contents of liS own lIClI-
demicpersonnel tiles. mtact With onlv 
the names and affiliations on reter-
enee leners redacted. 

A responsible university would 
have Integrated the provIsions of the 
act upon ilS passage in the lenOs 
I nSlead. the UC fought against t he act 
In oourts at every level before It per-
sua~edtheCalitorniaSupremeCoun , 
in 1992, to declare it unconstitutional. 
Then, the UC turned around and inte-
grated the now-defunct law into its . 
own personnel manual. The UC threw 
ilS wealth and power around with 

customary arrogance, showing that it 
alone called the shots -at the taXpay-
ers' expense. 

The UC is covering up the full num~ 
berand cost of its employment case5.In 
testimony before the Cahfomia legisla· 
ture last May. it reponed spendingonh 
S2.4 millIOn on allOmey costs and fees 
defendm~ 44 sex dlscnmmahon and 
tenure cases ince 1 981!. The UC failed 
10 repon anomey COSIl> foran additional 
34 I cases wnlch II acknl\wledged litigat-
Ing Since I 'IRS, Ii> weI/lilt tht: t:xlstence 
of 6() OIher employment .uilS aCliv 
smee 1990.accordingtolhe University 

Plainllff~ 'p 
No one oUlSldr the unlVersitv 

knows tor sure how much It spends to 
defend Illegal employment practices. 
The University Plaintiffs' Co-op esll-
mates UC spends S6 million for thl 
annuallv - one fifth of lIS attorney 
ooslS. At thiS rate, the UC would have 
spentS38 million since lQ88, 16times 
more than it reponed 

The 34 plainliffs 10 whom the uni-

READERS' 

FORUM 
.". GuIIIIian IOf/COIrIeIIeIIIrI ftgm .. fNI»fS. 
All IeftM musr /)fI /10 torwer 1M! rtwe Pl/lfiS. 
QIpecI. rlQllJ/HpIICea ana .,.,. We ,.W\IP 
rile riIfII to erIII for IefWIh R1 ctarlCY. Send a;, 
/cmers ro 

The GulIfolan 
000nI0n EdlUJf 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
LI Jolla. CA 9209M316 

versity admils gIVing settlements 
might be surpnsed 10 leam il charac-
terized these outcomes as " ... decided 
in favor of the plaintiffs." 

The UC routinely drives employ-

ment p1aintifll deeply into debt and questionable Safety 
comProm_or~.theircareers 
by compounding its iUepl penonnel EdItor: 
praaas, such as violation of its own The following is part of II survey 
I'CrBOnnel rutea. retaliation, blackbaU- our government gave 10 Marines at 
Ing and diac::nmmation with its Twenty-nine Palms Marine Base in 
"scordted-earth"litigation strategy. . OaIiforniarecently, "I would fire upon 

The 60 plaintiffs whom the uni- U.S. citizens who refused or resisted 
versily failed 10 mention 10 the Legis- confiscation of firearms banned by 
Iature might wonder how the uRlver- the U.S. government." 
sity managed to forget about so much As a disabled Vietnam vetcran, 
expensivelitigallon atthecruclaj mo- gun owner, republican, Ph D 'um-
menl when ilS liugallon budget IS at pany owner and taxpayer, • .:an not 
risk of being capped. understand where this fits Into our 

The Legislature may adopt a mea- democratic society. 
sure this session that audilS the UC's Congressman Bob Dornan askeo 
spending on defending employment for the resullS of this survev and was 
suits, and caps ilS atlOrney fees and denied. Under the Freedom of Intor· 
costs at one half the average annual malion Act, this infonnallon should 
level reported over the last five years. be available. Everyone is coocerned 
The measure induces the UC 10 reduce about his personal safety. To have 
ilS COSIS without infringing ilS right 10 guns, 10 not have guns - each argue 
sue. Passage will be more likely if ment has itsstrengths and weaknesses. 
voters and legislalors confront the But shouldn'twe lookatoursoclety s 
university's contempt for them. safety from the governmenl? 

BlutJen I.anpr Sam AdmIs 

Voice your opinion! Write for the Guardian. 
For more informa.tion, pi.eae caB 534-6580 

lay........... . selll&O 
sa" tria 

...• yaw., -pu ...... ----! 

ALE 
-----------------I FOR UCSO STUOENTS l"i"kCtusA-~ 
1 Samp .... 'hili Up IDr 1 
1 241!.~::~Dl ~l 
-----------------

EUROPEAN CYCLES 
P t () t I ' .. ~ ~ I () 11 ." R t p .. 1 I', • Sit v I (I • S .• II " 

8915 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 100 (Renaissance Cent .. ~ o.Ily's) 
, 

755 Turquoise St. 
(Belween PB and La Jolla) 

tOM1~C1UMS 
~ ~=FAR$89 

DISPOSABLE 

:u$129 
W J. FREsH l.OOl c: tv) 

1 NIl Ir ••• EftS t. II.f 
Gun Bllfl V I.tf' 

... 3 Mo. DISI'OSAIIW 

~ $169 
speciak include J.ns.. 1IUIm. 
man kiJand IDIow ~ ¥isiJ. bp ,~ 

• P'IISaIP1IoNS IIWD 
• GIASIIS IUUCATID 
• Ca.tm m IlIAMS 

• No ~ J«ISSM\' 
Sf H.utA f.NfOI. 

••• 

JAVA CITy. 
BAKERY 

"t 
R 

••••••• II ••••• 
453-6052 

3324 Governor Dr., 
University City 

• ( A F E 
Hours: 

Mon.-Thurs. 6 am-9 pm 
Fri. -Sat. 6 am-1 0 pm 
Sun. 8am-8 pm 

a Freeh routed. freeh eround aoffee 
a Cappuc:c:ino, Moc;ha, 

Latte. Au Lalt 
a Freeh l:7akery goode 
a Indoor/outdoor CJ1'~ ( ) \ 

GRAND OPENING CELEBRATION 

Any Roll of Fillll Developeel· 

r---------, ~ ....... Devel., • .r 
: $1" .h. : 
I -During our Grand Opaning Celebralion I 

have any roll of 35mm or 1 10 color I p'rint film ICA 1 Proce" only) I 
aeveloped and printed for only $1 .99. I Choose eith.r 3x5 Standard Size or I 
Exira lar~e Ax6 printed as Singl. or 

I Doubl. Prints . limit ona roll per I coupon , one coupon fer customer. 
L Offer expires 10/31/9 

_________ .J 

REWRITE: 
Continued ........ 4 
IItIcked ParI HaIbor to defend illelf 
from American I ......... but Ja-
pan IOUghllO eliminue American ,. 
sistance in the PIcific eo aid ita own 
imperialistic venturea, which bad al-
ready been m. quite evident in 
Southeast Asia. . 

Much of this image of the evil 
American military IIOIe from the 
dropping of the atomic bombs. Cer-
tainly, the bombs define a .. m0-
ment in human hillory. 

But let us not forget the decision 10 
drop the bombs lived minions 0( 
lives. 

All people seem 10 remember is 
the number of Japanese killed in 

JUDGMENT: 
Continued from ..... 4 
war quic:kly and save American lives, 
or mercilessly slaughter hundreds of 
thciusands of Japanese civilians? 

Ita simple as many would like it to 
seem, the iuue is notcut-ancHby,and . 
the "facts" presented most often tum 
00110 be conjectured by people who 
cannot poaibly have the answers. 

Despite the rhetoric, TNman'. 
advisors told him Japan's resolve waa 
weakening and, if the isJanda were 
invaded, American deaths wouldprob-
ably DOl top 100.000. Many estimaeeI, 
even those by supervisors of invuion 
plans, were lower IliD. 

Truman himself seemed 10 be un-
clear about the numbers involved. 
Aficrthe bombina. be told the Ameri-
can people he had saved half a million 
lives by dropping the bomb, even 
though no one ever seems 10 have told 

TIle UCSD Guardiaa 

HiroIhima and Napuki - lao.ooo Oldaawa, they fouabt 10 the YW'J ... 
in HirosbilDa ud approximately liliiii- hanIIy a lip ol a COUIIUy on 
95,000 in NapIaki. the verp of IUlRIIderinl-

IWely does anyone mendon that Endilll the war without cboppina 
convendona.lbombinskilledfulllOl'e the bombs would have required an 
people. EarlierinthellUllllllel'of1945, amphibious invaaion. This would have 
U.s. raidloo HilOlhima killed almost killed upwaniIof2S0,(O) Americans 
80,000 people in one day. The con- and over 2,OOO,1XXI JapancIC. The 
vaXionaI bombina ..... over two bIttleforOkinawaaloneclaimed more 
yem. Had the United States not than 130,(0) livea. 
dropped the aIOmic bombs and in- The United StaIcI wanted a swift 
stead continued 10 \lie oonventional end to the war and a minimization of 
bombing, the louea would t.ve been human lola. The bombl accomp1isbed 
far greater. both goals. 

The JapIIItM showed no signa of The muaive deslruction wrought 
surrendering. Even before the United by the atomic bom .. frightened eve 
Stales made the decision to drop the eryone. It is important we remember 
aIOmic bombs, the Japanese knew • what fury they can unleash, 50 we 
they had no chance of wiMing the never see such atrocilies again. Bul 
war, but continued to fighl. In rather than use Ihe bombing of 

him the loss of life would have been 
that high. And by lhetime hewrole his 
mernoin, he apparently thought he 
hid saved a cool million. 

General Dwight Eisenbower felt 
the bomb was unnecaury and went 
10 faraa to direc:dy c:baIlenge Truman '5 
decision. Overaeersof the Air fog's 
conventional bombing of Japan also 
felttbaJthealOm bombwasnot needed, 
as did the.wniral in charge of the sea 
bIoWde of Japan. 

The Japaneae hid also apparently 
made peace otJerinplbrough • third 
country prior 10 the bombings -
records show TNman wa alia aware 
of this. 

Thepoint is nobody can ever lmow 
wbal would have happened bad the 
United Statea notdlOpped the bombL 
The United sa... nev. illVlded. The 
J...-peaceoft'enwereneverCQlt-
sidered. What we do know is that we 
dropped an 110m bomb. That decision 

and the outcome of it should, and 
must, be examined honestly. 

The Smithsonian exhibit will in-
clude proud mell1Ol1bilia of the S09th 
bomb group (from which came the 
crew of the Enola Gay), information 
about the decision 10 drop the bomb, .. 
well aa evidence from the city of 
Hiroshima. This portion of the exhibil 
will include carbonized remains of a 
ICbooi girl's lunch, a clock frozen at 
8:15 a.m. and photos of the remainsof 
JaplDCIIe women and children. The 
Smitbloaian exhibit will show both 
sidesol a stOIy of wbich many, inchJd-
insoutraplveteransandothers, would 
rather bear only one side. 

Tom Crouch, a museum adminis-
traIOr, explains that these people "want 
IOltopthestory when the bomb leaves 
the bomb bay. Thisisanexhibitwhich 
JOCIIbeyondthat, including wt.t hap-
peRI when it hill the ground." 

The Museum simply wanll visi-

HiJOIbima and Napuki aa a devioe 
to pIint the J ...... II victima and to 
conciemn American hisaory, 1etus rec-
apia it aduaIIy prevelUd human 
to.. 

The SmithlOnian exhibit should 
accurately portray the evenll of the 
war in the PacifIC. Though museum 
organizen reClCntly altered the dis-
pia)' somewhat responding 10 com-
plaints from congress and veterans 
group&, the general theme still pre-
vails: Japan is made out to be the 
victim and the United States, the ag-
gressor . 

This is not the firsl time the 
Smithsonian has attempted 10 skew 
history. In 1991, an exhibit on the 
American West depicted pilgrims as 
"lacking true pioneer spirit," westem 

IOrs 10 examine the questions raised 
by our dropping of the bomb in a 
context not draped in patriotism. Visi-
tors can look for themselves at whal 
the bomb did 10 that city and the 
people who lived in it. 

The Japanese were undoubtedly 
the aggressors in World War II and 
the United Stales was, undoubtedly, 
on the side of the "good guys." How-
ever, this does not mean we are with-
out faults or every decision we made 
was beyond reproach. People can and 
should make these judgments for 
themselves. 

1'holIe who argue the museum 
should candy-c:oat the reality of the 
atom bomb or tilt the exhibit 10 alter 
the horrible realities of alOmic war-
fare insull our intelligence. 

War is awful. The dropping of the 
bomb killed over 275,(0) people -
most of them slowly and painfully. 

Whether It was "worth it" is a 

OPINION 7 

aett1erI. "rII*ious bruta, .. and the 
foundina aad development of 
AmerK:alla"criminalcapita1istven-
lure." • 

In addition, museum orpnizcn 
recently ran a television special on a 
New Guinea tribe which prIdices 
cannibalism. In the special, the tribe 
was referred to as having a "wen-
functioning example of a complete 
criminaJ-justioe system," despite the 
fact that cannibalism was a regular 
OCCUrrerJCe. 

The United Stales acted in self-
defense 10 end a war that Japan had 
initiated. Any decent sludy of history 
wiD show the Smithsonian Institute 
does not portray evenlS accurately, 
and has tried 10 rewrite history once 
again. 

judgment which we must make with a 
full understanding of the decision's 
oonsequence. That theJapaneseatroci-
ties were despicable can never be a 
jUstifJCIlion for atrocities on our side. 
As the only nation to have ever used a 
nuclear bomb in wartime, we owe 
ourselves. and the world, an honest 
look al whallOk plaa:. 

The debate will probably never be 
resolved, but our understanding of the 
terrible costs involved with deciding 
between invasion or using the alOmic 
bombcan help us understand that these 
decisions, by nature, are enormously 
painful. We must never, even for a 
minute, allow decisions of life and 
death - and war and peace -10 be 
made on the basis of blind patriotism. 

We degrade ourselves, as a people 
and as a nalion, when we color the past 
10 suil our own needs. And we will be 
ill-served by our slanted understand-
ings in future crises. 

great scores ... 
GU OW" SIart. 
Oc:t. • at .... at VCSD 
Oc:t. 4 at 6pnt at Kaplan 

MCAT CI un III peq'ber 
. Slp-ap Now ...... , • lind 
..,. _,..... MCAT pnpl!! 

UUT C r. Peqmber 
n •••• ,..,pRI 
W ....... ,.at6pm 
s-a,. at 5 pili 
.,...a.. ............ ltm 

great skills ••• 
Kaplan has the most complete arsenal of test 
prep tools available. From videos to software to 
virtual reality practice tests with computerized 
analysiS to great teachers who really care, 
nobody offers you more ways to practice. 

Call 277-6744 

get a higher score 

KAPLAN 

$1.00 Pizza DIscs 
SprntlOcIoM 

$1.00 lo.oz. Beers 
SprntlOcIoM 

OUR FAMOUS 
2~WlNG NIGHT 

-....Jpm doll 

$2 PINT NIGHT 
hm7pm-doM 

SOUVENIR 
GLASS NIGHT 

Buy 11ft fIB MEWHOUSE 
--* .... -pt 

I'IftIIi for $2 
/ram 7 pm-doM •. . 

, . " .. 4475 Mission Blvd. 
. .. Cotner of ....... ca.n.t .. s..c:o.c s..,. 

............. ttam .. I .... 274.ALES 

Come see why UCSD students love our 
supportive neighborhood gym atmosphere. 
Only $22 per month and no hassles of 
binding contracts or Mattitudes." 
- AEROBICS - NAUTILUS 
-YOGA 

- LlFEcYCLES 
• STAIRMASTERS • TREADMILLS 
• FRBE WEIGHTS • PERSONAL INSTRlJCnON 

..... 
1292 Mini MIla IW. 
........... c.. 

.. t-MS' 

- NEAR CIIMPUS 

a...... SDSUAr .. 
3'HI ClaiI.aII MIlD hf. 6663 EI Cajon IW. 
a.-.......... c..~v-. ...... C-
4O·,a4 ".·1702 



8 The UCSD Cuardian Moadar, October 3, 1994 

friday + 8et.ber 1. + 1"4. 8ung.d lawn 
. ' 

[J • 
D · 

o (] 

11.·m t. 4pm: Student Organizati.n in'., 
Perf.rm.nee ... F •• d a Vender preview!!! 

ipm t. 1. pm: sse ('4." c •• h.r lie. I pl.n .r 'i.it Plu. card> 
a BI@lCKsmith Vniegn in C.ncel't!1! 

.p.n .... ed by i.L. In c •• pe ... tt.n with the A~VC~D. VEe. Ca.rnpul R~(~re.ti$u. 
"'.rlh.lI, Muir, Revelle, R4f.a~v~lt I W ..... en C.nege •• KAPLAN 

.... _ .......... 1"10 

Moaday, Oetoher 1,1994 The UCSD CuardiaD NEWS 9 

UCSD Participates in AIDS WALK DEFAULT: 
Continued from ..... 3 
May. 

told campus police there WII a re-
SIlIining order agaiDSl him and that 
the officer followed and arrested him 
with that understanding. A reallain-
ing order was never filed. By .......... Maokenzle 

StIJIr Writ., 
UCSD studen .. joined thousands of San Diepns II 

the sixth IIIDUlI 100kilometer AIDS WALK Sunday 
momin& hclpinllo raise needed dollars for thole in San 
Diego living with the mv virus. 

Money is railed from participants gathering pledges, 
which ncUed $300,000 during the 1993 AIDS WALK. 
The money is thendislribuled IIIIOngdifferentorpniza-
lions which l88ist those living with HIV. Last year, over 
7,(IX) people participated in the event with hopes thai 
thai number would rise 10 10,000 this year. 

UCSD students, representing various groups on 
campus, were on hand for the pre-walk activities starting 
at 9:00 Lm. Sixteen students from Active Community 
Members II Thurgood Marshall College (A.C.T.) ar-
rived with $160 in pledges. A.c. T Chairperson Susan 
Pinedowassurprised how much money students pledged, 
saying it "was kind of odd that college students gav~ so 

much." 
Other campus organizations iDcluciing Active SIu-

den .. for AIDS Prevention (ASAP) ud mv Peer Edu-
caIors were also present Wanea ICIIior CIIhy Cortney 
explained that "it'IID important thiDg 10 do and it 'sa fuD 
day." 

Cyndi Brena,aJao a Wanen senioradded that the walk 
was "an emotional experience," referring to T-shirts 
many walkers wore with photos of loved ODell who had 
died of AIDS. 

However, lOme studenII expressed disappointment 
with the low turoout of UCSD studen ... "I think it's too 
bad that a lot of people from UCSD didn't show up," said 
Revelle freshman Kim Browner, who was walking with 
nine other fellow students. 

The AIDS walkers began their ~k from the County 
Administlltion Building and continued aJong Harbor 
Drive to Halbor Island, concluding back at the starting 
point 

"After I was hospitalized," Lake 
said, "Mrs. Foulks began 10 badger 
me for medical paperwork." 

Lake returned to the university on 
July 12 to return the paperwork which 
Foulks had requested. 

"When I went 10 the center, I acted 
iD very 8eutJemanIy and controlled 
manner, and I never raised my voice, " 
Lake said 

After delivering the paperwork, 
Lake drove off campus and was ar-
rested by a UCSD police offICer. 

Jahnes-Smith said that Lake was 
stopped and arrested, "With the mfor· 
mation that he was driving withouf a 
valid driver's license 

According to Lake, however, tht 
officer did not look at his license until 
after he was arrested. Lake wa., also 

"They handcuffed me and put me 
in the back of the patrol car. They 
detained me there for about 4S min-
utes, while people gawked at me," 
Lake said. "Then they towed my 
girlfriend's car. which cost me $66." 

Lake's suit against the university 
was dismissed earhel this year. Ac-
cording to Jahnes-Smlth, Lake also 
went to small claims court over the 
issue of false arrest on Oct. 22, L993 
and lost. 

"At the November hearing [the 
defendants) will have a chance to say 
why they did noi respond," Lake said. 
"It they don' t show uP. they could 
have a default JUdgment ot $6.5 mil-
lion against them" 

Atkinson would oot comment 0 
driving a car that wa.~ not registered the case because it is still in litigation. 
under his name. Foulks and Anderson could 001 be 

Lakeclairns Foulks had previously reached tor comment. 

MEMORIAL: 
Continued from pal. 1 
delight in every milestone during an 
experiment. " 

University of Maryland Professor 
Catherine Carr who studied under 
Heiligenberg, agreed that he taught 
by example. 

biology at Cornell University, and 
friend and.colleague of Heiligenberg 
for 23 years, recalled his "vigorous 
laugh." 

"He always found something to 
laugh about, even when the going got 
the roughest," Hopkins said. 

The U.S. National Institute of 
Health, as well as a representative 
from the Japancst' friends of Walter, 
expressed both their recognition of 
Heiligenberg contribution to hi~ field 
ano condoleJ1CCl; to his family. 

Heihgenberg IS survived by wife 
Wendy, son Gabor, and daughters 
~ndy and newborn Clara. 

.... D ...... show their support of HIV autre,.,. durin. AIDS WALp' yeaterd8y. 

"He was a man offew words and 
many examples," she said, adding 
that there were two strategies for get-
ting a moment 10 talk with him -
chopping worms for the fiSh in the 
morni ng and buying him thick ch0co-
late milkshakes which look a long 
time to drink . 

Carl Hopkins, professOi of neom-
.A scientific symposium in his 

honor will be held later this year. 

The Helen Edison Lecture Series 
in collaboration with the 

UCSD Science Studies Program 
presents 

a free public lecture 
Science and Politics Washington's 

Oddest Couple Faces t e Post-Cold War 

Dan Greenberg 
Editor & Publisher, 
Science & Government Report 
7 p.m., Tuesday 
October 4. 1994 
Robinson Auditorium 
Graduate School of 
International Relations and 
Pacific Studies 

Dan Greenberg is a distinguished'science joumalist. His 
twice-monthly newsletter, Science and Government Report is 
read by SCientists, research administrators. and government 
Officials in over 50 countries .. Greenberg is a former editor of 
Science magazine and ha. also been a columnist for the ,New 
England Joumal of Medicine. For more imormation call 

. ' ,. 

534-3400. , 

. \ Free P@lIc Lectur • 
c' 



10 NEWS 

COURT: 
ContInued from ..... 1 
ing seamless sounding speeches that 
were never delivered." 

In addition, Lazarus wrote, "Irons 
kcepshisthumbon thesc:aJe through-
out the argument" and accused him 
of manipulating sentence meaning 
by cuUing away key portions. 

Irons denies any wrongdoing and 
claims that the oral arguments from 
the two days were virtually the same, 
adding that he picked those which 
stood out in audio quality and force 
ofugument. 

"When you're editing eight hours 
of argument into 15-20 minutes, you 
have to make decisions about what to 
put in, "Irons said. 

"If [Lamus] thinks we changed 
the intent of what was said before the 
school board, he doesn 'l make a case 
for thaI," Irons added. 

In one of the article's most critical 
passages, Lazarus wrote, "Irons ' 
tapes tum out to be not Supreme 
Court history but rather an electronic 
hash heavily flavored with his own 
biases and predisposilions." 

Earlier in the same paragraph. 
Lazarus wriles that, "Irons did nol 
edit the oral-arguments- he fict ion-
alized them." 

c;Jue 

• == 
sAM.s 
PUBLISHING 

Irons said he is partiaalarly dis-
turbed by Lazarus' ISICItion that the 
CX)Urt arguments were fldionaIilJCd. 
"To 'fictionalize' means to 'make 
up.' There is nothing 'made up' in 
those tapes. " IroaI aid. "That is are 
guably a libelous SIatcmCnl. .. 

On Aug. 23, IroaI and co-cditor 
Stephanie Guitton sent a letter to the 

"[Irons) ... palled 
the wool Ow. the 
ey .. of a ..... and 
journalistic 
comnaInity ttud Is 
•• thralled by the ..... 
ot .... ent ...... but 
las not bothered to 
check hi. work." 

-Edward LauruI, 
"Electronic Hash, · TIle Atlantic 

Monthly 

editor of The Atlantic Monthly, de-
mandingthat they begivenanoppor-
tunity 10 defend themselves in the 
magazine. Irons said he will be satis-
fied if the magazine acoords him as 
much space as the original article 
was given. 

However, Irons added that if Ihe 

rnapzine refuses the dcmaud. he 
wiD "COMider his IcpI options. " 

IrOIll said he was never noCified 
by 1M AdtutIic MOItIhly about of 
plans to write IUD "EIec:tronic Hash. " 

"I cIoo't think it'. fair to priDt a 
pcraonaI vioIcoI aItack of this kind 
without noIifyiq the pcrsoa in· 
voIved," IroaI said. "ADd if they 
c:hooIc to make auch an attack, in 
puticuIar that we biased the .... in 
one way or another for politic:al rea· 
sons, they had bcUcr come up with 
some concrete evidence." 

Irons also expressed lOme suspi. 
cion that affiIiatca of the Supreme 
Court may haveCllClOUllged Lazarus 
to write the article, although he said 
he has DO evidence. 

May it Pletue 1M Court, co-cd. 
ited by Irons and Guitton, a dodOraI 
student of law at UC Berkeley, took 
approximately three years to com-
plete. It was initially marketed for 
educational usc, but with the public-
ity it received following Supreme 
Court threats to sue Irons forcopying 
the tapes last year, the demand was 
far greater than the publisher had 
anticipated. 

Irons latest projecl, a book about 
the Supreme Court entitled Brmnan 
v. Rehnquist, is due 10 be released 
next week. 

OFFICERS: 
Sting of removals 
remain for some 
candidates · 
ContInued ........... 
whicIl is 'cumady wortin& on 

~ OCf. inaaIca. 
Qaig said abc is aIso positive 

about upcommiDg iuuea on the 
A.s. agenda, but the sting of last 
yeu'. rcmovaIlIiII rcmainL 

-What happened in tbt put, I 
don't .... with, and I think a lot 
of the students cIoo't ape with 
it," Craigllid. -But that's in the 
put, and if we really want this to 
be a successful yeu we need to 
leave it there. .. 

OFF 
ALL COMPUTER TITLES 
October 3-8 

, Springer-Verlag Paramount Publishing ~~ 
== Oxford University Press 

IIit:IosoitPres 
. ' 

1111..", 
III,..,GAMU . . 

@ 
Al l r& 

.CAMBlUDGE 
ACADEMIC 
PRESS ...... 

. UJ'IlIVUIrrY PUll AddJeaIt."-' 

r.-----------------------------, J' I Would you like to be notified of· upcoming sales in the UCSD Bookstore's I 'r. 
I Technical Book Department? Let us know! I,' 
I Name: I 
I I I Address: I 
I Field(s) of interest: I 
I I L ________________________ ~ ___ ~ 

LJCSD 
E3C>C>K S TOAE 

FEED YOUR BRAIN 

UCSD Campus BQOkstore 
9500 Gilman Dr. • La Jolla 
(619) 534·3149 
Fax(619)5~5286 
Telnet : ucsdbkst.ucsd.edu 
E-Mail: bookorder@ucsd.edu 

Downtown Center Bookstore 
One America Plaza 

~ W. Broadway • San DIeIo 
(619) 5lS-00S8 

I'IIoIIe and fu Olden ....... . 
~Jltboob I11III a,ec:IaI ardell ad ... . 

DiIcDIIIt ...... ....... 

LIGHTS 
& SIRENS 

uthtl " Sirens Is • selection of 
entries compiled from the IcC book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

""""",21 
4:41 Po ... : A student reported the 
theft of I CO ~ and CDs from 
an '89 Toyota It lot 305. loss: $588. 
.. .11 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a book, table and silk 
flowers from I room In Urey Hall. 
Loss: $165. . 
Mond8J, Sept. 28 
12:11: A student reported the theft 
of I blue Magnl BI0 bic)1C1e from 
Tenaya Hall. Loss: $120. 
1:17 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a black Trek B21 bicycle from 
TIoga Hall. Loss: $250. 
4:02 p.m.: A graduate student re-
ported the theft of a laptop computer 
from IRPS. Loss: $1,200. 
T ..... y, .. pt.27 
2:315 a.m.: OffICers detained I 23-
year-old female for public 
drunkeness. Transported to detox. 
10:33 I.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a Diamond Back bicycle from 
Argo Hall. Loss: $250. 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the 
burgl8IY of an '85 Volkswagen at La 
Jolla del Sol. Loss:$300. 
Wednesday, Sept. 28 
2:32 a.m.: OffICers arrested a 23-
year-old male non-affiliate at the 
GIlder port for ve~cle theft. Trans-
ported to County Jail. 
11:415 a.m.: A female student suf-
fered second- and third-degree bums 
from a hot tray at the Muir cafeteria. 
Transported to Thornton. 
1:10 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of computer programs from 
the Campus Services Complex. Loss: 
$2,100. 
8:11 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of an '84 Chevy Blazer from Lot 
305. Loss: $3,500. 
Thursday, September 29 
12:lIl.m.: OffICers arrested a 37-
year-old male non-affiliate for public 
drunkeness at the Glider Port. Trans-
ported to detox. 
12:07 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a Specialized B21 bicycle 
from Tioga Hall. Loss: $500. 
1:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a white Chevy pickup from 
Lot 203. Loss: $8,000. 
Friday, Sept. 30 . 
12:09 p.m.: OffICers arrested a 2(). 
year-old female student for misuse 
of a handicapped placard at Lot 113. 
Cited 8nd released. 
1:03 p .... : Officers arrested I 33-
year-old mile non-affIllate for p0s-
session of marijuana It the PrIce 
Center Green Room. Cited IIId re-
1e8sed. 
1:1515 p.m.: OffICers arrested an 18-
year-old mile student It the MuIr 
108<11"1 dock for possession of m ... juana. Cited and reIased. 
L.t.e EnbJ: An 1Syear-01d female 
student reported havI,. her hair cut 
off without her permission It the 
PrIce Center. 
........."Oct.l 
1:41 p.III': A student reported the 
theft of a " '87 Mazda 323 It 
Front and Hlt1)or 1trHtI. Loa: 
$140. 

--co.npIIed ." ErIk JaIInIon, 
ItIft WrItiIr 

P.E.: Recreation 
courses will absorb 
only limited activities 

I 

CoatInueci from .... 1 
effort is being made 10 fulfiU the .au-
dents' needs, " WIIIon aid. 

New aMI ... offered by the nao-
abon department are likely 10 be 110 
different thaDcunenlofferinp, indaal 
they wiD be on a -.. y-.-pla1" basil 
and will carry 110 academic: credit. 

Monday. Oetoher 3. 19M The UCSD Cuardiln 

GREEK liFE ... OFFERS PHIIANTHROPY, SCHOlARSHIP, AND LEADERSHIP 
OPPORlUNITIffi AlL IN A SOCIAL ATMOSPHERE!! 

***** SORORITY RUSH 
INFORMRTION NIGHT 

***** 

• 

Monday, October 3, 1994 
PRICE CINTER THERTRE 

1:8. PM 
, 

RUSH EYENTS OCT. 5-'. 
FOR MORE INFO, CRll: 534-RU5H 

FRATERNITY RUSH MASTER CALENDER FALL 194 
ATO Ben AIel) ATA nKCI> FIJI CIIAe CIIKe IAE lAM IN IX IeI) E In TKE ZBT 

Oct. 4 Price Or. IIcII l1IA PiZZI wI Mon: Mel! FUll Meet .... eBQ .. IAE Inro Ina Our Ori,in,.1 Meet lhe Subs a. KickBack B·BoIl Mee •• he 
PI ... BiIIl ..... SidlA PiZZI " 3 liII rood Phi. Price Ni,hl B ..... n Ina Our S,C' SUloGod and siurr &: lobes II 

Mon.1 PrH:. Cw. Tw~ Pool runs OUI QcnView e enler P.uo HaIre.... Ni,h. allhe 5.07 youroelr V· Ball Round 
Ko ..... 0- Movie 3:10'06 ......... Wolkw.~ 

'" 
II Muir Sun God Cove Uromball w/plU:l DBQ Ribs Table 

Tour. 610 10 PC Dawis !'CO ........ wuh 3'08 Video 6 :00 S 10 8 6.010 •• IIT 'WU I Muir CIS. 6 .09 
. Roo .. --_ .. _ ... InolOur HSS 2250 , • 10 I 2204 4101 
61010 Tw: 7'010 7109 7 .0 ~ . JO 

Charle. I 
Girts In 

WU I I 200S 
1 '09:30 

Oct. 5 Can! Bela BBQ 11IA CaSIno Spon , Games In I PISlO ' & Casi no I Slick." PILU f'luaand P,zza &: Casi no Mama TKE R.~~.< 
'" 

Suo God NiSh. Day .h. R,m. Nish. Sub~ .11 Ni@hl ~Iod .. how Garne "'~hl RIJlol c: ~ , · B. II ISh I 
Casino l.own PC D3~is MUir C IS Boonlcs Rantte Room the Ranch PnccClr rm Oll Pub NIgh. J lk"V"'\l r,ad Pnce: Live Band 
NI@h' 6 .010 Room 4 10 7 Worr.., Mccl iIIt rnA I louse Cove .'0.0 K a l S .... Louni!e I Splf!. helll ('t nlcr Wllh rood 

B.llrom " 4 '08 S.u Ir Sun Goo! 0.09 h h Q 600 Frant I ) .0 III Feast Gmeroom PC 
Pnco CIT G ..... Mm 610 H I 'ianla ('rut air Dome n 10 9 WaJkwa) 0 \0 · " I Knorr 1 109'10 o OU h tu 10 

Oct. 6 Pool 8 ..... 11IA Smoke. PI KaPIl SUS" BB<? "' Subway ~porls Hawallr Alumn1 Hypnollsl ~pon" In "'Out "'1!l~11 Tal.!o Casi no 
roor Boll' . E~c Local l.uaI IhSh un God NiShI Uay 8 BQ BBQ Mu,tr wllh I Day :'t' and Siode ""!-hf N,gh. 

Pne. elf Tav«ft Band H 00 .. Ocn S 10 7 Room MUir (.5 Suo God I Pnce Cu Alln MUir CIS Show Muor8BQ twlcel DI 
Gmeroom 6'0 10 pf rnA V_ lBA 'i I" '1 I .... Wf COVI': flJSD I "10 , York. \r<a SunGod Ballroom LOUfI,c 5." II 01- ... ,0 b 3020 IQuad) S 4S 

6. 10 10 6:3010 10 Pone, 's 1109 6 '010 Pur 
6 Ie 10 

OCt. 7 Bump Ball Cuino 11IA BBQ II Capture l.v. '" TIM Round H~pno ... , Spishelll lI iSh ' Alumni Beach S.eak I1(E B· Bol l '" 
M .. , Cu. Ni.h. .... Hump .he All Jazz at Table Show NIgh. Socicly Muer RA(I rlf NIShI Club BBQ. 

in 5 .0 9 nK4> Be-Ins Piua ( wl lh IA M B. lloard. I'C Shu,elt PC Rm NiShi MUff C II . 
GoIIeryB S'yle Cofr"" Ni,," lad,es) Howe N'l h. Theal., 4" 112 Invite S.OO 
7 .010 puk orf otT .. Pric:c P.nn 110 6 :00 PC Lobby Onl y 

0 01l.,,1IIId 1'010 C ••• er 1 .0 9 G-... 61010 
4:30'0 1 3.08 S .0 8 

Oct. • Special Bell Day l1IA Bid NI .... Day AI die No! r .. S ...... ' s Spon. Beacll O. y Invh. Spon. _Da~ DoI M. Spo", Beacll Day E" ..... ith 
Ewa. II .... Locari.,. B.~ ColleJ c Day Day Sri ... Only Day II Lo • Lo JcJIIa 

-

Olyand IlIth 5 •. SDSU 
InY,le ~ l1IA 1. Jofla OI Y· Muir Field .. W ..... v · eall 1011 • Shore. 6." K 880 0.1 Mar SOforily 
Onl y Maelaa 9 :00 SIIorc. AIHc BBQ "- Field BBQ Silore. 10102 Lo Jofla 12 '0. l1IA 

!'C 2 1O~ 11Ie Bi. 12103 Mal ..... '. 110 3 II '0 J Shores F .... ei. · ~ Apil . IlOb 
12:00 1 '0'1 1210 ) 

Oct., WanllJof aA PNfO"" F_kll FOCIIwll PNfN .... Piau A Invite Inwl .. .... r..- NR.A iliA NR. w .... s-. 
- lile 1210' _Food """1'1 .... I"vile POD, Onl, Ni.lII. ... IIBQ .... TKE·s die O i,," 
Hi ...... 1.oc:.1i0ll 011 Day PIll Dell Only II die aA 11IA in Del,... 10 '0 S _Food 

NI .... V .... n.Bi. "- R_ IO I(). ReM. 
PC .... 6109 1103 "-i. 

"-I. " ~ :OO 
6 :00 

un •• Dr..- aA Opett PIIoc. 11IA aA PNf. .... f 1 •• 11 • .... r NiJIM ,.... 
NI,-- e......, Nite 01_ 01_ 0ItIy 6.010 NIp! 

PC ' :00 ........ FOIIIMII 
......... LouIieII 6.' ..... 
'.10 11IA s..a... 

.. 
-

-_ .. ' :00 

FADED AREA 

11 



12 FEATURES TheUCSDC~ MoDel.y, October 3,1994 

'.OUSANDS o. 
DOZENS OF 

MillS 
CYCLISTS 

I 
Some Wear Red Ribbons - Two 

UCSD Students Took to Their Bicycles 
BY FRANCISCO DEVRIES, FEATURES EDITOR 

When most tudents visualize their ideal summer it does not include bicycling up 
to 100 miles a day for weeks on end 
in the grueling heat - even if it is 
for a good cause. 

But since 1986, over 700 hearty 
soul - brought together by the 
San Francisco-based organization 
Bike-Aid - have crossed the coun-
try powered only by their own two 
legs. The riders use their trip not 
just as a way to get in shape but as 
a vehicle for education about im-
ponant social issues. 

This year, two UCSD students, 
Marshall College Senior Peter 
Afsari and 1.994 Muir College 
graduate Emily Kauffman joined 
the over 60 people to cross the 
country under their own steam. 

For the last two 

to Washington route, felt the hous-
ing was a lillie chaotic at times. 

"We would pull into town and 
not know really where we were 
staying [and sometimes] we would 
havetoend up camping," Kauffman 
said. 

In general, Pugh says that com-
munities are extremely welcoming 
to Bike-Aid. 
Coptn. with AIDS 

This year, there was "a lot of 
trepidation" because AIDS is such 
a controversial topic, especially in 
rural America. Several hosts can-
celed because of the theme, but in 
general, "the riders were surprised 
that people were as receptive as 
they were," Pugh said. 

"In Provo, Utah, which is like 
one of the most conservative towns 
in the [United States], we were in a 

years, Bike-Aid 
has focused on the 
AIDS epidemic. 
Riders raised 
money for AIDS/ 
HIV ol'ganiza-
tions, as well as 
used their trip as a 
tool to raise 
awareness about 
AIDS and HIV 
throughout the 
United States. 

There were 
sometlmea when 
you Just do not 
fee. like doing It. 
You're Juat like, 
·I'ye been cycling 
for the past four 
weeks. I'm tired. 
I cannot get on 
my bike today.' 

fourth of July pa-
rade there, which 
was pretty amaz-
ing. The commu-
nity totall y 
opened up .... We 
had a few people 
kind of yell at us 
like 'fucking fag-
gots' and stuff 
like that, but for 
the whole, people 
were really recep-
tive to us." 

-Emily Kauffman 
Bike·Aid participant 

Pugh added 
that AIDS has re-
ally reached rural 
America and that 
people who have 
the virus or were 
friends with 
AIDS victims 
were "real ex-
cited to see the 
riders" because 
their presence 
helped remove 
some of their feel-

IY 

At nearl y every 
stop, the riders 
took time to meet 
with community 
or church groups 
to discuss HIV 
and AJDS. About 
once Ii week, 
Bike-Aid partici-
pants dropped 
their kickstands 
for a day to help in 
some community 
activity - from 
cleaning AIDS 
patients' homes to distributing 
AIDS awareness packets on the 
street. 

ings of isolation. 
The riders participated in com-

munity projects and gave talks to a 
variety of different groups as their 
journey progressed. This year, in 
Pittsburgh, the Bike-Aiders spent 

Yakov 
Recent Muir Col .... .,....t. EmIly Kauffman with the bicycle .... rode acrou the country. 

The participants started from 
five different cities across North 
America and average around 70 
miles of riding per day. All five 
groups of riders meet in Washing-
ton, D.C. in mid-August for a press 
conference and grand finale on the 
steps of the Lincoln Memorial. 
A PI .. to R •• Your H .... 

The group moved from com-
munity to community, staying the 
night in church basements, YMCAs 
and host families' homes. 

The housing of riders is "really 
random," according to Bike-Aid 
Outreach Coordinator Robin Pugh. 
Bike-Aid starts with a core group 
of hosts, but then just works the 
phones, even using the Yellow 
Pages on occasion, to find youth-
oriented groups that might help 
find hosts. 

Kauffman, who covered over 
3,700 miles on the San Francisco 

A long Trip ' Down the Road less Travelled 
BY PET~ AFSARI,CONTRIBUTING FEATURES WRITER 

a day in a local food bank helping Remember the first day 
organize sacks of grocery goods of elementary school 
for AIDS patients. In Omaha, the when we would all write 
group weeded an AIDS-hospice one or two pages on that 
flower garden. huge-lined gray paper about "Our 
Peraonel Growth summer vacations?" They always 

But, according to Pugh, the trip ended up being like Some bizarre 
is important for the riders on a science fiction movie, where we 
personal level as well. Pugh re- all shared the same experiences, 
counted how, only in different 

w:h~le she was GUARD IAN bodies. 
btkmg through F Like, "I did 
West Virginia, EATURES swim team and 
a I( cal paper then went on a 
had done an ar- vacation to the 
ticle on the riders' efforts. Grand Canyon. (tum page) It was 

The next day, while the group fun and I saw friends." Or "I went 
was riding down a highway out- to a lot of movies [tum page] and 
side of town, a station wagon with then went to Yosemite with my 
a mother and three kids pulled along parents. " 
side and handed out friendship I was reminded of this last week 

See BlKE-AID, Page is as I saw many of my friends after 

a summer away. 
Catching up on our summers 

usually left me with the impres-
sion that everybody did pretty 
much the same thing for three 
months. You know, work a little, 
go to the beach a little. Maybe 
take a summer schoor class. 

Every now and again, some 
adventurous soul would tell of his 
backpacking trip through Europe 
or his job on a boat in Alaska. Not 
me. I stayed the path. In short, I 
did not take the road less travelled. 

Returning to school this fall, 
however, proved to be a bit differ-
ent for me. That's because for six 
weeks this summer I rode a bi-
cycle from Brownsville, TX. to 
Washington, D.C., a total of2,200 
miles, with a fund-raising organi-
zation called Bike-Aid. 

It would be easy to look back 
and rave about what a great time it 
was. Getting up, 81urping down a 
bowl of Frosted Flakes and then 
hilling the road. Seeing new 
things, meeting new people and 
moving on to another town. 

But it wasn't that simple. I had 
never ridden a bike further than 
20 miles, much less 2,000. 

Every morning I crawled out 
of my sleeping bag sore, still ex-
hausted from yesterday's 75 miles 
and dreading the miles of black 
asphalt that lay ahead. 

It was hot. It was humid. My 
butt hurt. A lot. 

Every now and then I could 
think of nothing else except my 
bed at home. I missed my friends 
back at home. I missed I cool San 

See TRIP, Page 14 

Koaday, Oetoher 3, 1994 

BIKE-AID: 
1\\'0 students l~ft the 
red ribbon at home 
Continued from .,... 12 
bracelets that the family had made 
for the whole group. The mother 
said, simpl y, "Thanks for what you 
are doing." 

"(Bike-Aid) isan incredibly em-
powering experience, " because of 
the opportunity it gives a person to 
involve themselves personally in 
an issue, Pugh said. 

Kauffman agreed. "A lot of 
times you sort offorget what you're 
doing on the trip ... you're just d0-
ing the motions .... I (have] always 
enjoyed more interacting with 
people on a physical, up-front level. 
[It made) the issue more real." 

Silo also said dealing with 21 
very different people day-in and 
day~t also made her "exceed-
ingly adaptable to anything ... .. " 

"It's hard be<:ause you need your 
own space and your own space is 
so limited. So,solimited. Youtrea-
sure the smallest thing, like if you 
could find a little comer in the 
church or in the auditorium where 
you're sleeping, and that's like your 
little comer, then that's like the 
greatest thing," Kauffman said. 

Food also often became a hotly 
debated topic. "Try c:ating with 21 
people. It's really hard, [especially) 
when you have vegans, vegetar-
ians and, like, carnivores. It's very 
challenging," Kauffman said. 

Although people had personality 
conflicts, Kauffman said, the group 
really became "connected" by the 
end of the 3,600-mile journey. 

But food and personality con-
flicts weren't the only challenges 

CALLERY PRINTS 
Z Z 
C · ~ " 
" R ~ ~ 
C 
V' 
-

... 

.. 

.. 

- the ride illelf is not without its 
reAJ risks. This year went without 
major incident, but il;' 1991, two 
riders were killed by a truck com-
ing around a tight tum. In addition, 
"one penon was hit by a plow last 
year," Pugh said. 

During Kauffman's trip, the 
weather was the most frequent 
source of danger. While she said 
the group was lucky - just miss-
ing huge storms or intense heat 
waves - on one occasion, the 
riders ended up in the middle of a 
tornado watch, with 2O-mile-per-
hour head-winds and hail storms. 

"I mean, it was bad weather. It 
was bad weather," she said. 

On another occasion, in Vir-
ginia, the group rode through sheets 
of rain that brought visibility down 
to near zero. Five people "wiped 
out" on the same railroad crossing 
during the storm. 

The trip was also a battIe against 
physical exhaustion. 

"There were sometimes when 
you just do not feel like doing it. 
You'rejustlike, 'I've been cycling 
for the past four weeks. I'm tired. I 
cannot get on my bike today.''' 

When it got unbe~rable, riders 
could spend the day driving the 
support van - a duty that partici-
pants share on a route .. 

Surprisingly, the most physi-
cally demanding portions of the 
trip were not any mountain range, 
according to Kauffman. 

"Probably the most cballeng-
ing would be one of those Oat 
states .... Nevada was really hard 
sometimes because you are so \lX-
posed [to the weather]." 

In all, Virginia won the award 
for Kauffman's least favorite state. 
The hills were terribly steep and 

The UCSD Guardi_ 

COMP~ETINCI THE" CYCLE" 

Cyclists participating In BIke-Aid this ye. started from 
five different cities and convened In Washington D.C. 
for. 1M. August tlnal •• The group raised $135,000 for 
HIY / AIDS education organizations. 

MILEAGE BEGIN FINALE 
Aug. 19-22 
Aug. 19-22 
Aug. 19-22 
Aug. 19-22 
Aug. 19-22 

3,600 June 15 
2. 3,600 June 15 
3. San Francisco 3,600 June 15 
4. Brownsville 2,000 July 11 
5. Montreal 1,000 July 31 
FINAL DESTINATION 
6. Washington D.C. 

Mileace informatJon is approximate. SOurce: Bike-Aid 
Dominic Lobbia/Guarc1lan 

the drivers reckless, she said. 
Moner MlIlter. 

According Pugh, Bike-Aid has 
raised over $1 million for domestic 
and intemational social and health 
development organizations since 
1986, including $135,000 for AIDS 
projec:ts this year. 

The money is raised through cor-
porate and individual sponsorship 
of the riders. Bike-Aid participants 
must get enough sponsors to cover 
the cost of the trip. While Bike-Aid 
is fairly flexible, riders traveling 

coast-to-coast are expected to raise 
around $3,600, or roughly $1 per 
mile. The same ratio holds for the 
shoner routes. 

Money raised by Bike-Aid goes 
to a wide variety of groups. Both 
domestic and international devel-
opment organizations submit grant 
applications for review by a Bike-
Aid committee made up of staff, 
board members and the riders them-
selves. 

One such grant recipient· is the 
Ah-tah organization in Cameroon. 

FEATURES 13 

.. Ah-tah" roughly means "deep pit." 
It is used to replKc the term" AIDS," 
which is an English acronym with-
out any meaning in other languages. 

According to Pugh, Ah-tah uses 
tribal dance and music to educate 
people about the AIDS epidemic. 
The Bike-Aid grant to Ah-tah went 
to cover the group 's transportation 
and training expenses, as well fund 
the production of an audio cassette 
which it distributes after its perfor-
mances. 

Domestically, the Nevada AIDS 
foundation won a grant for ali AIDS 
peer-education program. Because 
it is illegal for AIDS to even be 
discussed in Nevada public schools, 
a group of high school students are 
organizinA an educational group to 
operate outside of the school sys-
tem. Bike-Aid donated funds to 
help get the project off the ground. 
Next Up 

The experience, Kau ffman says, 
was definitely a positive one. 

"It's always best to be aware of 
another person's needs and that 's 
probably the most important thing 
we learned on the trip. Whether it 
be within the group or in the com-
munity, to understand where 
[people] are coming from." 

Next year, Bike-Aid plans to 
focus on "environmental 
sustainability." According to Pugh, 
the theme will encompass every-
thing from education about sus-
tainable agriculture to consumer-
ism to envi ronmentally friendly 
transportation. 

"Bicycles are a legitimate form 
of transportation and deserve to be 
treated as such," she explained. 

Anyone interested in Bike-Aid 
should contact its office in San 
Francisco at 415-431-448Q. 

MO.nday -
Thursday, 

O(tober 3 - 6 
Pri(e (enter 

Walkway 
9 am - 4 pm 

Orler21 000 images! 
t\ ART RIPR~UCTIONS - 8M PHOTOGRAPHY - PIRSONAUTIIS - M.C. ESCHIR - DALI ~ 

6 f ! ~ i ~ ~ t\ ,. Z .. 1ft ~ ~ = &\ C .,. 
.!. c: 0 0 ~ ~ ~ z &\ C -
C! w i :z: = 6 .. ... ,., 
~ -Vi ANSIL ADAMS - INSPIRATIONAL - LANDSCAPIS - MONET - FANTASY - ART D ICO - ITHNIC :: 



1" FEATURES 

TRIP: It was 
roUgh - but it was 
worth it 
ContInued from ..,e 12 
Francisco breeze. I missed cable-
TV. 

There were days when I would 
even question my own sanity. Many 
times I concluded that I was IS 
crazy as everyone told me I WIS 
when they heard about my summer 
plans. Sometimes, crazier. 

On occasion, I WIS convinced I 
could not go on. Probably the low-
est point was on our way to New 
Orleans after a long night in a Ba-
ton Rouge bar. 

Hung over, dehydrated and ex-
hausted after two hours of riding, I 
remember passing a road sign: 

"New Orleans 67 miles." I have a 
pi<:ture with me ltaading next 10 
this marker. I don't look happy. 

But day after day, we pushed 
onward. 

Lunch was uaually a quick sand-
wich by the side of tbe road. At 
first, peanut butter and jelly domi-
nated, but then quickly lost grouod 
to pork rinds, pimento checac and 
barbecued ribs; all local cuisine. 

Dinner WIS at five, sevoa and 
nine, mnsisting of large portions of 
whatever we muld get ou[hands on. 

The weather, although DOt ideal, 
was at least exciting. And if racing 
thunderstorms ever grew tiresome, 
a barrage of man-made obstacles 
was thrown in for good measure. 

One particular incident stays 
fresh in my mind. 

The almost sumal experience 

. The UCSD Gaardiaa 

of viewing a cool yellow plane no 
more than 30 feet 10 my ript and 
ooly 10 feet above the pound 
quicltJy turned sour when it re-
leased cloud of toxic mist. 

I wandered arouad witb no-
where to go, the doud slowly en-
velopiDJ me, feelina more like a 
fruit fly than anyoac ever should. 
"I've been cropduated, .. I remem-
ber tbillkin,. 

1'heIe experiencca, although try-
ing, were obviouaJy not without 
their rewards. They were part of 
what made the trip worthwhile, part 
of what makes me surprised I even 
completed the route. 

For six weeks, I, alon, with my 
group riders, were neither graded 
nor judged, hired nor fired, pun-
ished nor rewarded. We had one 
very tangible goal: to get from point 

'A' to polm '8' (point B bel. a 
IhitJoad further away tIwa poiat A). 
Each day proved 10 be • trial in 
peniatonce, determiaatioa and wiU-
power. 

The human spirit, no longer 
burdened with the daily pressure 
and monotony of ICbooI and work, 
wa allowed to wander a little, was 
allowed to be a little freer. 

Physically, our bodies trans-
formed into living machines, bio-
mechanical contraptions that 
moved legs in a circular fasbion 
when provided enough energy. 

Emotionally, we learned to love 
without condition after hcaringsto-
ries from people who, even while 
suffering from a vicious disease, 
had the remarkable strengtb to f0-
cus on the good things. 

We allO learned from thelle 

True Math. 

~200 

your $ISO 
(In n UQ' t-

. ~~~ SQ VI "'S 
'100 

i~o 
.\ ®f,Qsic 

. cH l ~CU¥\' "/ 
rl\t\ f r'C W\ 

;15 $)0 $ .. 0 $50 $60 $70 $80 $90 $100 
~ 

your mo"th'y 
'"0''' ~; ., 

You don't have to be a calc professor to see you could 
save more with ~ 1tue US4* Savings. 

Its lrue-if you live off campus, Al&T1rue USA"' Savings 
real ly could save you more. Just look up your average 
monthly long distance bill on the chart, and see for yourself. 

Now here); why. A1N:Ts and Mel's basic rates start off 3bout 
the same. Then, with Friencb and Family, MCI adverti.'iI.:s 20lAl 
ofT' your long distance calls, but- here's the catch-only if 
thc}''re to MCI Ll'ier.'> who arc abo on your Gtlling circle list. liuth 
is, t wo-th ird~ of most Friend~ and Family member.;' calls aren't 
to Ihose selected [)eople. So the aVC:'l'age discount you end 
up ~eeing on your bi ll is only 6%.' ~()t the 20% you expected. 

AT&T 1rue lJS..t'" Savings is a whole lot simpler. Spend 
$25 a month, and we'll subtract 20% off your bill. The full 
20%- nor some conditional percentage. Spend $75 a month, 
and we'll take 30% off. You can save on ca lls to anyone, 
;mytime, anywhere in me good olcl l is. of N' No restrictions. 
No calling circles. 0 djsappointment~. 

So take a good look at the chart (you can ask a math 
major for help) and check out who:~ saving you what. We 
think you'll find you could be saving a lot more with AT&T 
Call 1 8()()-TRUFrUSA:' And get all the savings you expect. 

~r \ goo ~T~Vf'VSA.~ 
~'" 

°l );-,w\lnl on ~K . llxl"K' r.II'" I rlI'fl(h & bill." 1" 1"k.~'" 
In l '\'U.1 t h""'lll lOl fin qU~l lth.U1~ ,". 111 ... 

"1)\"(OUI1I t ~1 \I ~' - I hNI. 1\ ... ",1t-0I1.11 r.Ul· ... " ,III..hle: In nlN 
.11\'.1 1 .... 'f l.lIfl \'\l kl ..... Jtl ... . 11l'l''' 

A1Ia'. Your lhIe Voice: 

• ATa.T 
(') 1994 Al&l 

.-

lIoaday, 0etGINtr S; 19M 

pooplc that another troublina dis-
ease fac .. many with HIV: 
homophobia. 

. TbOIewerethepeoplewhogave 
us the strength to go on - who 
reminded us .why we were doing 
this in tbe first place. 

The trip is over IIId now only a 
random UIOrtment of memories 
remain. Some great. Others, down-
right awful. 

I'm back to that ordinary world 
from which I 10 eaaerly ran away. 
II would be simplo-minded to say 
the summer changed my life. 

It did nol. 
What it did do, thou"" was 

make me realize tbat doing some-
thing big II possible when we fo-
cus our wills. 

That doing IOmdhing good is 
possible, even for ordinary people. 

rnANKSto 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 

Gilman Orive Info Booth 
Communications Bldg. 
Torrey Pines Center _ . .d& 
No. T.P. Info Booth goo..:.-
Scripps Libraty ~ .... 
Scripps Snacl\ Bar 
Neuremberg Hall. 

St. Germain's 
Cal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Vons 
Polar's Yogurt 
Westem Bagel ~ 
Big Bear 1f'P-. 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Zebra Copy 
Mllagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 
Beans 

Subway ~ 
Roberto's 

Jeffs Burgers ~.~ 
NeIghbor Saver .... -
La ~a Mexican 

Swensen's' 
Soup Exchange ~ 
Porkyiand ~., 
Vona 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public library 
Zanalbar 
Pannikin 
7-11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 

Lucky's 
Cafe Toulouse 
Zanzibar 
Cafe Crema .~ 
Boney's 
Vons 
Soup Exchange 
Dragon House 

Ben & Jerry's 
Vons ~ 
Sport Mart G\.~ 
Lucky's 
Roberts 
Rice King 
Sub Stop 
Robertos 

Baltimore Bagel ~ 
Red Robin 

LECTURII/SEMINARS 
MondIy. Octlbw 3 

.12 p.m - 8IoIoaY DepMmInt ..... 
nIIr - "The Roll Of E2A and PBX In B-
eel DIllItII"lIl11lon,' by CornIIIuI MIIrN. To 
be held in Pacific Hal. room 3500. Intor-
maIIon cal 534-2327 . 
• 4 p.m. - "WIly Ietenoe .kIumIIIem 
.. Feeble .... GellIng Wone- - 'Wbrt< 
Hall. Room 4822. ,.. .. CoItge. Sci-
ence S1UdIH Propm Colloquium, wtIt'I 
Daniel GI_1beIg editor and p!.MIher d 
"Sc:ience & Govtmment Report, • a twice-
ITIOIIIhIy MW8IIItaf IWIctIbed In CMr 50 
oounIri .. watington, D.C. Inbmation 
call 5304-0491. 

TuetdIy. 0c:t0lHN .. 
• 1 p.m. - ....... Ec118011 I..IcI1n s.-
ri.. - ·Scl.nc. and Politic.: 
WuhingIon'. 0ddtIt Couple FIICII the 
Poll Cold Wv . Dan Gre.lberg. ScIence 
& Gov.rnm.nt R'port. Auditorium. 
RobinIon BuIldIng, Complex, IRIPS. Infor-
mation cal 534-3400. 

~0c:t0lHN5 
• 1 p.m. - Ltad.r.hlp Seminar -
Com. inIpIred to UN your CHaIIw If*Ic 
to progIIII1 and liM unIoI geItabIt. M and 
IUCCIIIfuI events. 

"1lIcndIy, 0dDIJw 8 
• 12 p.m. - "Computer AIded IIoIec:uo 
.... DIIIgn- -1IIoc:hemi8try MmInIr. Dr. 
J . Andr. McCammon. Cepar1rMnt 0/ 
ChllTllltry & BIoch...,lltry. Location: 
UCSD CMG LecIIn Hell. 
.5:00 p.m. - "wAllin till. Togelher 
- AIgtrt'.l.edInr Edward E. PII'IhoIt, 
Chiran Corp., willie about how unIverII-
.... ~ iIMtIors, ~ c::::o.a Md .. p.jJIc .. CRIIIng the 

'I .....,. HajII AudIIIiium, 
Inetltut. of the America.. ContIn .... 
It1IoIqI Ocmber 1. Illb nIIIIon c:.II 0IgI 
Haynor 534 B_ 
• 5:00 p.m. - UCSD ..... NJI -
TheocIcn GMIID, UCSO, "VIIIue d Fu-
.... HtIIIl," HeIIIh en paley decIIIon-
InIIIdng at o.r.n AudItIOrIurn, Bale ScI-
ence BuIldIng. 8cI1oaI d Medlen. 1nfDr· 
maIIon c:.II &43«1113. 
• 5:30 p.m. - CInIIr ..... R ....... In 
eo.utIna .... ArlI Teoh ...... -

CRcA~lIIIIfwlll .... anlnW-
cIucIIon to eound pnxU:IIan an the NeXT 
COI'I1pIaIr.1naIudIng an InIrocNctIon to mIIe-

~~~.~ 
Room. klfanMlOn C111534-43113. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
• Star1"YMI'~ GlTItIHAPll Come to Student Health SeMc8I, 2nd 
floor. llarting 0cIDbtr 3rd to IiIJI up far a 
FREE FIlI'IeS8 AI. IIII1'111'1L Cei634-2419 
for info. 
.1~AnonwmoueI'l1Mt­
Ing. every Wednesday. Located at the 
Medical Teaching Facility Room 149 
oncatmPIII. Schooi 01 MedIcIne. InfI:InM-
tion 534-5393. Vera. (weeldy) 
• FREE lEXuai Health Information at Student Health. LMm about birth control 
and STo. from Student Health Advoeat .. 
lltarting October 3, on the 2nd floor. -<;:all 
534-24111 for Information. -
• Fight the Freahman 111 On. on 
onenutrltion coun .. ling with a Itudent 
t.aIth ad\Iocate FREEl Come to Student 
Health, 2nd fIoor.1tarting Oetobtr 3 to Iign 
up for In appoinlmll'll Cal 534-2149 for 
more Information. 
• HIm you IncIuIIICIln one tDo many Junk food bingel' KHp tabI on your 
ehoillterol level by coming to Student 
HMIth. Screening IIartI October 3. Cal 
534-2419 lor actIeduIe. 

CWIS AND MEmNU , 
• The women·~ c.na.r -

• 'rite UCSb'Guardiaa 

THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 

We encourage new (and old) ItudentI 
to come in and become familiar with our 
many MMcea and dllcuSlion group •. 
We •• located In the S1udent Center, 
right next to A.S. Lecture Notea. Drop by 
anduyHII 

MonIMy, October 3 
.4 p.m. - uCSO PeraIan Club - first 
genD meeting In the Santa Barbara 
Room (Price Centar). EIecIIonI tor new 
oIIIcen ..... weIcom • • 
• 8:30 p.m. - LHbIIn Ger IIIIuuII 
AI.cUlon GenentI ........ I'I1Mt-
Ing. WAC come out and get ~I 
(..eId)i 

T~0ct0ber4 
.Up.m.-_lIaI .... d.ChII-
dren: Ltd !Iv a.w.ty McCr..,.,. 534-

· 3515. CIII far aIgn-up. 1003 OH. 
.5-fpm-UClD ........... 
port Group -- holding a rnMIIng. The 
group II anlnvaluallle II8OUICeto lingle 
par.a III UCSO. PertIcIpanta .... 
IIeIr ......... and CCJnMqU8IIIy re-
ceive a WMIIII of _ance andlUj)-
poIt. They help one another to Improve 
I*W1IIngllkilla and to Incr .... their aca-
d.mlc .ff1cl.ncy and productivity. 

(~ 
.8-1 p.m. - FrIende UndetaIInCIIng 
....... - be a MOr. be a friend. be a 
mentor. Information meeting SBILA 
Room, Price Center, or atop by VoIun-
tMr Connection 0IIIce for an appIIeaIIon. 

~y. October 5 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Women lIoI.atIId u 
ChIldren: Led by NIckle Golden, 534-
3458. and EIen G .. diIId. C8II tor Jign-
up. 1003 GH. 
.5 p.m. - The....,.. -UCSO·.un-
dergraduate III.- club. will be having 
Ita fIrIt generW fD8IIIIng In the GeIInIth 
Hal Basement. Room 134 . StudIo B. Ev-. 
aryane is welcome. 
• Spm - WIkIImeIe Club IIeIIIna -Join nature enIhusIaItI for hiking, bik-
Ing. clinblng, beckpaekIng. camping, and 
morel Meet at the hump by the Old Stu-
dent Center. (""'1)1 
• 7 p.m. - Amneaty international -
" you 're Interested in promoting human 
rightl around the world, join u. in CSB 
004. All are welcome. 
• 7 p.m. - Lat Inflator (AltematIv. 
Media Publication) - Meeting. look-
Ing for writers. photographers, layout art-
iaII. whatever you wish to eontriblAe. Be 
a part 0/ Alternative Media. For Info. call 
534-2018. ("""*1)'1 

FrldIIy. Octol»r 7 
• 12-1 :30 p.m. - Pan-AIIen C0mmu-
nity Forum - May bring lunch. Leader: 

J .. nne Mane .. , 5~·3035. Mountain 
VIew Lounge. (weeIcJ» 
• 204 p.m. - Alcohol and Subalanct 
Abuae Group: Led by Dan Munoz, 534-
3155. (HekM 
• 2-4 p.m. - Bellroom Cenc. Club -
Frtclay fun .... Ion. Informal gathering 
where one can learn and practice lid-
room dancu. Freel Lac:ation: Roc Gym 
eon •• 1C8 Room. 

. ~ 
• ~ p.m. -Campu8 Black Forum-
Led by Phil Raphael and Fred VanhooIe. 
MaunIaIn VIew Lounge. (~ # 
.8 a.m. - "OI .. 1IzIng for Accees: A 
NItIoneI FonIm on ConIpueIr NeIwortI· 
Ing. CommunIty ActIon and Democ-
MC'f,- - CPSR Annual Meetina & Wor1c-
Ihop .. Prtce Cent. Theater. J-ublc In-
....... In the role 0/ comput .. 1n lOCI· 
tty who would like to Increue their c0m-
puter IIItworldllg'" are Invited 10 al-
land. TlcIc .. we S55 for CPSR mom-
berI, S75 tor non-members, and $25 for 
low Incom. individual •. New CPSR 
n ten tbeI. and regilllralion 11$95. Con-
tinu .. through October 9. ReglllTation 
and brochur. call Computer 
Proeeuionals for Social Responlibllity (415) 3222-3118 or by .ending emall 
(cplr@C;par.orgl . For Information call 
534-6328. 

EVENTS AND RECREAnON 
Ongoing 

.The Center for R_an:h In Comput-
Ing .nd the Art. (CRCA), Sheldon 
Brown exhibits an outdoai' public artwork! 
video installation titled 'Vldeo Wind 
Chimes," untl October 30. This may be 
viewed dally after dusk until 11 pm. 
• "Apparition." Is on display at the 
UCSD Art Gallery In Mandeville Center 
as part 0/ InSlTEM. The gaaery is open 

da~y 12-Spm untH October 30. Closed 
Mondays. 
• The UCSD ~I Art Center Gallery 
will present an installation by artisls Janet 
Koenig and Greg Sholette . titled . 
"dl.LOCATIONS." Gallery open 12-
Spm Monday through Friday. 
• Stephen F. Birch Aquarium Mu .. um 
will be the location for • aite-speciflc 
ICUIptur. by artist Nina Karavasll ... titled 
"Salln./S.lin • . " Loc.tion: Robert 
Smargon Exhibit Courtyard at SBAM 
through October 28. 
• The University 0/ California, San Oi-
ego, _ of the country's top neon art-
IIts will . how their latllt neon works In a 
IpIIt 8IChibition titled "Neon III," to take 
place until November 5. Win be inetalled 

in he Grove Gallery and the UCSD Price 
Center Ballroom Lounge. public recep-
tion September 30 6-8pm at the gallery. 
Grove Gallery open Tues-Fri 108m-5pm. 
Saturday 10am·2pm. Information 534-
2021 . 
• "Th. Human Condition/La 
CondIcIon Humana" bi-nalural project 
opening reception. Thl. project I. by 
Joyce CutIe-·Shaw, linking the HoIpItal 
General de 11uana and the Voter.,. AI-
faia MedIcal Center in La JoIa. PomIiII. 
poemI. and wall Itoriel to depict "'e 
unique char .. of the popuIIIIons of 
each hoIpItaI. a well as their common 
humanity. ProjICll will be on view until 
Noven\ber 30. Opening reception at 
HO'pltal Gen.ral d. Tijuana, Ave. 
Centenatio '10851. Zona Rio, TIjuana. 
Information 2n·1321 . 

Monday. October 3 
.4 p.m. - Women'. Soccer- UCSD 
va. La V.ne, North Campus Field. In-
formation call 534-4211. 

Tuetday. October .. 
.2 p.m. - TIde Pool with Naturalilta 
- Join UCSO Stephen BIrch Aquarium-
Museum naturalists. inllTuctors and SIO 
graduate atuclentlln the exploration of 
tide pooIa with personalized Instruction. 
at La Jolla Shot... Admllllon: general 
$11 ; children ~yrI., $1. Reservations 
required. Information call 534·1523. 

Wedneaday. October 5 
.3 p.m. - M.n'. Soccer - UCSD vs. 
Christian Heritage, North Campus Field 
.3 p.m. - Women'. Socc.r - UCSD 
vs. Azusa Pacific, North Campus Field 
• 7 p.m. - Wom.n'. VolI.yball -
UCSD YS. Point Loma in Main Gym. Ad-
million: general 54. lacuity/stall $2. In-
formation call 534-4211 . 

Friday, October 7 
.3 p.m. - Wom.n'. Soccer - UCSD 
YS. Westmont. North Campus Field 
• 7 p.m. - Wom.n'. VolI.yllall -
UCSD YS. Westmont in Main Gym 
.8 p.m. - Solr" for Mu.lc Lov.rI -
Janos N8gyesy and friends performing 
18th and 19th century chamber music. 
Loc:ation: MandeviHe Center. Recital Hall. 
Information 534-4830. 

Saturday, October 8 
.8 a.m. - UCSD A1umnllnvltltlonal 
Crou Country Rac • . North Campus 
Fieki 
• 11 a.m. - Women '. Socc.r Alumni 
Game. North Campus Field 
.12 p.m. - M.n'. Wat.r Polo -
UCSD YS UCI, Canyonview Pool 
• 1 p.m. - M.n'. Socc.r Alumni 

, • f 
. CALErIDAR 15 

.... , North c.mpua field 

.3 p.m. - ....... Soccer - UCSD 
va. Trinity, North CIwnpua FIeld. 
.5:30 p.m. - AIumnJ AlII ........ 
cepIIon -..,.,..1IItMtIc eventa, low 
ci RiMAe. 1...oc:aIion: RIMAe Complex. 
InformIIIion call 534-4211. 
• 8 p.m. - c.ndIebox CancIIrt, tea-tumg: __ T .... fIIIIIIng UpI, 
c.ndlebox. AdmIeIIan: ganerIII in ad-
vance $17.50. UCSO ItUdenIIIn ad-
vance $18.50.111 the door $18.50. In-
farmatlon cal 534-4119. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
n.dIIy.~ .. 

.12 p.m. - .... 1Cudent In Old and 
New Tee&lment. PrIoe Center. Gal· 
Iery Room A 

Wectwday. 0cI0ber 5 
.8 p.m. - Supper __ tolludents 
by l..uIherarl Campus mlniatry. All are 
welcome. 
• 7 p.m. - L..utheran CIImpua Ministry 
BIble eIUdy. Open to everyone. 

Friday. Ocfober 7 
• 2 p.m. - ..... am BtudenI ADo-
elation (liSA) Women'. Group -
meeting. Anyone inter8llad in joining 
or learning more about Islam is very 
welcome. Meets on the 2nd fioor of 
Price Center above the food court. In-
formation cail558-8121 . 

Sunday, October 9 
• 10:15 a.m. - Chaplain Kenneth 
Molnar pr.ach.a during Lutheran 
Communion service. A sight seeing 
lour at San Diego follows. Welcome. 

IERVICES/lVORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 

• Mentor - If you're graduating this 
quarter and job-seeklng. we'U match you 
with a professional in your field of inter-
est who will get you 8larted networking 
in the local job market. Sign up at reler-
ence room desk. Free. Career Services. 
• Profullonal/Grllduall School Ad-
vlalng- Dally appointments available 
for issues related to admission to pro-
fessional or graduate sc:1looI. Cal 534-
4939. Career Servicea. 
• 8-4 a.m. - SIGI + Computer-based 
program of career information deaIgned 
10 help you clarify your IIkUII values and 
interests. For more into. come to Career 
ServIceI Center. $10. 
.1 :30-4 p.m. - Ofop-In AdvIsIng - For 
help with career goals, job hunting. re-
sume preparation and related issues. No 
appointment needed. lust walk In. ca· 
reer Services. 

Monday, Octobef 3 
• 11 a .m. - Marketabl. Resume -
Learn how to make a positlve first Im-
pr8Slion with your resume. Free. Career 
ServIces. 

Tuesday, Octobef .. 
.,0:30-12:30 p.m. -~ In-
twvIeWIng for Prot.ulonel/Grllduall 
SchooI- Practice on video to improve 
your skill • . Sign up at Cner ServiceI 
PGSAP desk on flrat toor. 
• 1:30 p.m. - Interviewing Skill. 
Work8hop - Learn tachnlquea r.-
quIred to be .1OC88dAI in the InteMew 
proceu. F .... CIner SeMC8I. 

~0cfDber5 
• 12 p.m. - ........ "'" for ..... Icai 8chooI - AcademIc and career plan-
ning lor atucIenta III1er81t8d In the medl-
cal profeuIon. CIner SeMceI. 
.3 p.m. - GnIdu8Ie Schoof Intonne-
lion IeuIon -How to prepare and ap-
ply far PhD and AcademIc ..... '. pro-
pma. career SeNIceI 
Thureday, October 8 
.12 p.m. - Job IMrch 101 - 80% 
0/ aM lob vacanciM .. unadvertIIecI. 
Thi. worI<lhop will taech you the most 
eIfectIve way to find them. Fr ... Career 
Services. 
.3 p.m. - How to .......... For Medl-
calor Oth.r H.alth Prof .... onal 
School. - What to eJq)ICt in an Inter-
view and how to prepate. Career Ser· 
vices. 

Friday. October 7 
• 11 :30 a.m. - Ihrketable Reeume 
- Learn how to make a poatIlve first im-
pression with your resume. Free. Career 
Services. 
• 12 p.m. - Dlagno"ng Your Health 
Care C.,.., - Find out how various 
health careers match your Interests and 
skills. Job outlook. aa1ari ... and more. 
career Servtces. 

Tuesday-Wednesday 
• Student Organization Registration 
Sessions - Student organizations are 
registered with and advised by the d~ 
partment 01 Student Organizations and 
Leadership Opportunities (SOLO). Reg-
Istration sElSllons must be attended by 
50% of the principal members on the 
registration loon. You must be registereel 
by October 14th to apply for A.S. fund-
Ing for Win*' quarter. Bring completed 
registration forms and current constitu-
tion of your registration 88IIion: Price 
Center Bali Room A (all studei'll organi-
zations except media) . Tuesday 10/4 It 
4:3O-8pm, Wednesday 10/5 at 1 :30-
3pm. Thursday, 10/13 at 2:30-4pm; M. 
dia groups meet at third floor 0/ Price 
Center: 1016 3:30-5pm. 10113 3:30-Spm. 

" 



16 The UCSD Guardi ... 

NO annual FEE, 
nationwide ACCEPTANCE 

and LOW rates. 
Because this is a ONCE in a lifetime trip. 

... -I,gl~ ~1994 Greenwood TI'UIt Comp&DJ, IItmblr POlO 

Moadal. 0et0Iter 3, 19M 

I 

If you .O~tT 60T IT" 
6lT IT.'" 

MoaciaY. October 3,1994 The UCSD Cuardiu FEATURES 17 

BREnn 
WHAT IS YOUR OPINION OF THE u.s. OCCUPATION OF HAITI? 

Interviews and PIlot .... ...., by Cathy Hirota 

The Haitian problem has been I don 't think we have any real rm kind of undecided because I think it's valid in the sense of I thought it was a valid inva-
going on for a while. The rea- vital interest. I think it was I think that the V nited States is human rights. It 's good that sion. It was the correct thing to 
son that Clinton is bringing up Clinton's bumbling that got us taking on too many of the the U.N. backs it up. But there do. 
this issue right now is because into the situation. world's problems. But on ·the are other countries that the 
it's election time. Could it be a other hand, I could see we V.N. doesn't talk about .. .. 
political stunt? were having a lot of problems Which leads me to believe that 

with Haitian refugees. Clinton this is an economic and/or 
was doing his usual song and political thing. . 
dance with foreign policy and 
messing everything up. 

ANCIE MYUNC MATTHEW STAHL JANIE FANG PAUL Lm DANA BOOTH 
Eleanor Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt Thurgood Marshall Eleanor Roosevelt 

Second-year Student Second-year Student Second-year Student Fourth-year Student Second-year Student 

mM Gives You- ePowe 
rJ1 S Buy an IBM· personal computer for 
.1 0 oar college & fly"" anywhere in the 
continental U.S. throughout the school year For$125* each way 
based on round-trip purchase ... •• '.41 • •• " " •• " ... " " "" "" " ." " " ••• • " •• . 

LJCSD 
f-H)()K ·. I (HH 

FEED YOUI "'AI .. 

COMPUTER DEPARTMENT 534-4291 
Monday - Friday 8 am - 6 pm 
Saturday lOam - 5 pm 

ONLY $149900 • Intel 486SXl33MHz processor 
• 212MB Hard Drive 
• 4MB RAM (eKpands to 64MB) ~====~~ 
• VESA local bus 

I· 125 MB Hard Olive • 4MB RAM 
• PCMCIA Card Slot lor One 

Ask your mM Campus Comp.uter 
Reseller about Get ~eal Privileges 
... and easy, affordable eomputer 
rmancing. 

Type" or Type III Adapter 
• 3.5'. 1.44MB Oisllette Olive 
• 9.5" VGA Mono Display 
• OUiet Full-Size Key Keyboard 

with Integrated TrackPoint II'" 
• Battery Pack and AC Adapter 
• Lots of Preloaded Software 

($463 retail value) 

• 3 expansion slots (ISA). 3 bays 
• IBM Basic Keyboard, IBM 

Mouse 
• OOS and Windows'" preloaded 

ONLY $99900 (---> 
Get Real. Get an IBM ThinkPad* or ValuePoint" ... . 

-~--
----
- ----:-= 
- ~---==~=~=. 

n:RMS a CONDI110NS Offer ,,"la'" 10 Itft)' ruIJqr ""',. I .~ .. It)' .nd iliaA''''''' pordw.1M' IBM ~~.I ['""",,' 4"'" ...... ,.r1 ic'fNllitlf r ....... '.tlOOft, (rtI1IIlIOW ' ........ ~ 31. 1994. Orden ~ to ... .......,.. IBM .. y....wnw «rIfer .... Y tiw "" .hoMe. writtN 
_ . O«« . ....... ioU.~. only. 
' VOW ror.., 'MI'A ............ ,hd:..o .... all. .. PIom_ Ri<o .... ftit!Ito . ......... "-u....w.'o to. ~ r.. ...... ~ 1. 19'H~ J_3O. 1m. s..o. ........... c...- ... ......-..w., .... .-... .-... .. Il10.., .......... '_ .. ~ 
_ AI ...... _ ..... e..oht> ...... ""b,T .... lI'orW.-..... Tn"" ... _"" .. "'~ ..... _-'b, ........ "'"" ...... T ..... orWExpr... It..Ioy..t. .... ponIooor ............................. ......-...,..,; ............................... , .. , ............ . 
11IM .... ".. ....... ~I_rt.O/ ............ _M_~. V .. p_ .... T, ... r_ II .,.I_m.tI._ ..... 8u_ II""'-"('~. "A ... rqItomd"""'-.. O/Tr_ "orW~. I .... I" .......... 'r~of~c..,..-. 
C I ... --' __ ·· I..,...' ...... ,9'H. 11!a.t ~1 1 



I • 

18 SPORTS The UCSD GuanIiaa 

Why spend your hfe looking 
forward to living abroa.d 

when you can be 
looking ba.ck on it? 

Why sit in a stateside clllG&lroom dreaming about 
Stonehenge or the Parthenon when you could see 
them for yourli:elf'? Don't wait until afler you 
graduate to catch the travel bug. Inftead. why not 
£Pend a semefter or a y~ making memories that 
will lad a lifetime? And. of COUHe. you'll learn a 
thing or two as well. Ask your I7tudy abr~ advisor 
about Beaver College programs. 

Call for a free catalog today. 
Atady ..Abroad wtthB.7V8r CoD.,. 

1.800.755.5807 

SLUGGING: 
UCSC salted 6-0 
ContInuM .... ,... 28 
lOlled jlllt over Turner'l head IftcI 
bounced in front of the c:huJinI S1ua 
aoalie. who milpllyed the- emnt 
pili and oould only watdJ the ball 
trickle into an unminded neL 

The SluI oomedy of errora only 
JOt worse u tbe pme propelled. 
Chilton netted two more 10111, 

lIoaday. Oetober 3. 1", 

Turner wu credited with a 10111 
throw-in ICOIe, aad Curru and Joec 
Oc:unpo each added a .... 

-After it wu 3~ they JOt r... 
bated,. Curran said. "'Cal played I 
fine.e kind of physic:aI pme. They 
were bealina us 10 the ball and 1Uk-
illl ..... slide tackIeL SaIIIa Cruz 
IIIaIted pushi .... kickiat lad runnina 
over III. It wu 100 bIId it JOt 10 that. 
We are ,ettinl more oonfident with 
our offenle. Thil ,Ime really 
showed the potential ofthia o«er.e.. 

For less than a dollar a day, 
both will give you t11e power you need to 

survIVe this semester 

With an ApPe Computer Loan, its now easier than eyer to buy a Macintosh" personal studen~ (the only one of its kiOO). And the Internet Companioo" ~)W tap iIkl on-line 
computer. In fact, with Apple!; speclallow interest and ezy terms, }OO can own a Mac- for resources for ~ )Wr papers. It e\'I!Il1ndllles CIardtrb, an lnIegraIed pacIIae:! 
as little as $23 per month~ Buy any select Macintosh ~ and you'll also get something no romplete with database, ~ word pOcessiJ, dtware m11D1ft. All at special 
~ axnpu1I!r lim: the Appe stlXIent software set. It iJdxIes a )XOgJ'2rIl ~ to help low student pricing. With an offer 11m 1J)OCl, ~ the best time e¥er ., Apple J. 
)W with all a1pedS of ~ papers. A personal organIzer/caIendar created specifM:alIy fur discxm!r the power eyery student needt 1be pcMr to be}Wr best~ _ 

'iliP 
I.. ~I I 
t If )( If--<... 'f" H 

FlID .,OUI IIAIN 
UCSD BookStore Computer Center 534-4291 

• __ .... ~IIH; ................... ""_~ ... JI .... ___ ._ .. --.,."".. • ..,.,,... ... ,.. ................. ,,_~ .............. _ ; ia( .. ~ .. ~ •• .",....... ClIft~ · QJ,................. CIIIfo*'-f/11&J1 ",.""".. .. "... ,..,.. .... __ ....,. ....., ... III ...... ,.,.". .1iI .... 
"".AJJI ....... ~t....., •• III!IIIIIiIi ... _,.. __ ... __ "C.. ::!*!f'!'!-,..1.JfI, "" ..... I, ... IJJ(.----= ..... ~:::--... ".....,. . .,. ",.. .. _. """". ......... ,..,..,.... •• ,,.,.,...... .-.... ,., ,.....,...-CIIIf*'-• ...., .... ... 

Moaday, October 3, i9M The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

UCSD Skiers Rub Over the Field at Regional Wann-Up 
ON THE BUllLE: Triton nemesis, Cal State University Chico proves to be too strong, topping UCSD by a narrow margin of 415 points 
IIJT ..... L8dd 
ANocI«e Spotc. EtJ/ftJr 

David Iud GoJiath. The DocIlera 
have the CHaaIa. But 10 the UCSD 
water-ati team, ..0 nemesis is quite 
u fonnidIble u Cal State aaico. 

Baltlioa CIOIIfenac:e foea on Sept. 
23-25 in a WInD-up for the Sacra-
mento State Reiiollll Tournament 
the Trmn Wen feU 10 aaico again, 
this time misaiaa sec:ond place by the 
narrow IDIIJin of 41!1 pointl. 

UCSD c:balIted up over I dozen 
perIOnaI recotcII at Jut weekend'. 
festivitia, promptiag Head Coach 

BiU Sc:hneiderwind to caJJ it -per-
haps the belt team effort ill ac:hool 
history ipinst quality opponentl. .. 

Leadilll the way for the UCSD 
men', ski aquad wu senior Dive 
Sasse, wbo loOk his first wiD in I 
major trick evenL Suse DOt only 
lmuhed his old ac:hool record by 
200 poilltl, but abo captured third 
overall, a mere 20 points off the sec-
ond-pJac:e mark of aou-town rival 
SDSU Aztec aItier Dave Thmell. 

In lnother eXlmple of veteran 
leadership, UCSD'I aenior BiJl8erlt 
skied strongly in all throe events, In 

particular, the A1I-Conforeac:c trick 
skier pulled out an impreuivo third 
pJac:e in his specialty, 

Sophomore Jellies WagaenseiJ 
led the Triton women, posting per-
IOnal bat IIWb in all throe eventa 
aDd pmering I second-place Iward 
in the women'l jump. 

UCSD lbowed remarkable team 
unity in the women', trick oompeti-
lion, u junior RoXIIIDC Virplitto, 
junior Jen Stem, and WlgaeDICii 
each oontributed to a second-place 
award. 

While veteran proWCII domi-

nated the tourney, Sc:hneiderwind 
wu p ....... dy aurprised with the 
arrival of "throe very promiaing. true 
fraIunan women. • 

Competing in her first tourna-
ment ever, newcomer Sara Nystrom 
particularly stunned ooaches and 
teammIteI by vaulting her way to 
eiahth pJac:e in a 2S-aItier field. 

Freshmen Becky Blankinship 
and Julie McCleery added up-and-
coming efforts to the UCSD aquad. 

While Blankinship ensured her-
self I spot in the Iialom event, 
McCleery mly be redshirted Ibis 

year to develop her IJtills. 
The Triton Ikiera travel to the 

NIIioaaJ CoJJeaiate Water Ski Also-
c:istions' Weltem Rqpon Ownpion-
ships this weekend in 8alcerafield, 
CA., ready for ISbot at the bi, time. 

With only two spoil open in the 
WClCem region, UCSD it u clo&c 
u they've ever been to qUilifyinl 
for the Nltional Clwnpionships, 

"It will take an exceptional per-
formance by all of our veterans Ind 
I stronl performance by our fresh-
man 10 break into the top two," 
Schneiderwind said. 

3TAN5 9 
PL;;S 

• More tanning beds than anyone in San Diego 
c: c::J r cI 

Open an account or make a $25 deposit by October 16 to receive your 
" free booklet. Visit either Plus Card Office today, on Revelle Campus 

south of Anchorview or at the Price Center! 
_ ... ,0" I· 

rli"o1ii-JJ",IP;iia,-' 
wl,II "II"n 
!larle~~/ 

Reaul.-~ '1.86. 
'. WIih Coupon. Void with other offer8. 
• Explree 101M4. 
• LocNd on Revel .. c."pua. 
\ I ~---------------------------~ 

Dr. John McDoNALD 
HoURS: MON.-FRI. 10-6. SAT. 10-5 

$ 64 complete- ...... 1.-11 
DaHu eott tenMe ....... 

$ 89 complete- -=",1.-11 
Bxlended eott ...... 
·COMPLETE EXAM INCLUDES: 

• CARE KIT 
• STOCK IIIYI'OIC L£NSES 
• »cAy FOllOW-UP 

_0. •• 1 ......... 
tcII* •• I.". 
279 !JI5I 

• III 

• Large, luxurious salons featuring WOLFF beds 
• Frequent bulb changes 

LOSE 6 11 IN 2 HOURS 
GUARANTEED • $48 

. European Body Wrap' Guaranteed Lose at least b" or you don 't pay 
• You may reduce (ellulite and stretch marks. 

UC&OAItEA 
-rR'''''TAH ·"8Clflc hach ,. ... 1fIo e-h T." 

22&0 G.MIet 
~1·9060 

•• ~. Lom. 
T." 4l ••• 

~'&5 t.41dw.y 
224-9727 

• ... ' •• ion V.11ty 
MI •• ion V.11ty T." 
411 C.mmo Del Rio 5 

542-0~91 

&tUlum f.",S .. 
IO~30 Fri.r'II 
21l1·n02 
~2!51 HOIId8)' Ct. 
__ """,EI10rit0 
455-0909 

No '0/20/84. 

lou've Got Mor • 
•• porlanl Things 

10 Siudy Than 
Your Bank. 

At Fint Intentote we've puI kIgeIher a 
special program just lor coIege studenb. 

You'll get MryIhing you need while you're 
in sd!ooI, from checiing and savings 

0CXXM1I51o a.dit cuds and sludenl loans. 
Hey, you don't heM 10 be an economics 

major 10 Icnow "is is a great oIfw . 
• ~ FREE MasttrCanI- • Visa· en 

foro.y_ 
~ FIR C)ecl" fir 6 ....u .... 

Ev.y 5._., y ..... II ScIIooI 
~ FREE Rnt cw. II Gecb 
~ FREE Aass"..., & .... ATMs-
~ PIn, SIIIIIIt t.s ... SI¥fIp "-

For more inlonnaIion. tal or visit ywr 
neadJy First InIIntaIa BanIt and speak dt 

a .... 1IaIi ... 1oday. Or, open ywr 
acauIt by caIing: 

800·FI·IPPLY 

'- \ 



( , 

,' . 

, 

20 SPORTS 

.---------., I HAIR I 

. DESIGN 
"'DAftl 
CUT 5 H A I R 

$795 $5 
OFF 

R M S P E 
UTC 

Aa-. ..... __ ... oao 
... 1_..-
NextIO~"" 

CI~IQUMI 
Nextto'lanl174aOO , 

'III, ................. "" o.w.y .... 
• MUI' " ••• n' coupon. Eap . 10/10/'_", 

~--------

, 

. ' 

100% COllon T-shin.lllll1 bumper Slicker 
Total pr ice : S 12.95 + 52.00 S&H 

AMEX oMCoVISA 

.' , 

FALL 
INTERNS 
NEEDED 

Greet opportunity for 
out-going, personable 
and FUN people who 

went to laam evarythin~ 
they can about RADIO. 

YCU' chance to work 
for two top radio stations 

in San Oiego. 
Call 292-76CD ext. 

264 for details. 

To Ordrr: Call 40-1-22 1-1717 or 1'01.,1 Checllo 
Limerick •. 2221 p.,,,,,hIIH Road 
Suil' 0 -520. AI I.III •. GA 30309 
Sp«ify Slule~l. Silt and Quanlll)' 

The UCSD Cuanliaa 

X-COUNTRY: 
UCSD holds own at 
Stanford Invitational 
Contln •• d .......... 21 
jaunted 10 a .... pectable S5th-place 
finisb witb a time of 20:29. 

"Our team gap has been really 
reduced over the put few weeks, " 
Roberti said. "Everyone" been 
doing well, and I tbink our main 
team goal now il to get to nation-
all." 

Rounding out the Triton 
women's scoring were standouts 
Courtney Grey and Liana Wright, 
with. marks of 20:43 and 20:55, re-
spectively. 

"The women performed excep-
tionally this meet," Van Arsdale 
said . "They had only a 63·second 
gap between [places] one to seven 
and onl y a 57 ·second gap between 
[places] 0 ne and five ... 

The UCSD women were reo 
warded for their efforts witb a low 
total of 251 points - a solid fin· 
ish conSidering conference rival 
Point Loma's weighty 602 score. 

"I told the [UCSD1 women that 
they ' re an October team, not a 
September one," Van Andale said. 
"I think we're seeing them start to 
peak." 

.. Date: OctoberS & 6 
TI~: 
Where: 

9:00 AM - 5:30 PM, 
Front or UCSD Bookstore 

..... 7.0"-'1•19N 

-

,\ t 1r I, ' ,I '~'1I1 "1,','1 

....................... 
OVERALL FINISHERS: OVERAU. FI ..... ERS: 

26:16 . 2. MlrudlIurIo-AdIft18:37 

UCSD TOP FINISHERS: 
w.JQhn WIIIb 2OC.5O 
11. Willter DehorIty 26:52 
.. Ro", flO 21~ 
39. GarIn Kllnfer 27:19 81. COUrtney a.., 20:43 

TEAM FINISH: 
!\id .. POIi POIiiOIii 
I. UCSD 

DA J 

-< 144 

Racing without their number· 
one distance runner, J.J. Castner, 
the Triton men's squad managed 
to do lOme peaking of their own 
during Saturday's festivities. 

"[Castner's] recovering from 
hip troubles," Van Arsdale said. 

" 

nfiiiiTEAMiij FINISH: 

Ilan*IIc latIIIII,IGuMIM 

"He'll race when be's ready. Thia 
time, it just wlln't neceasary." 

Veteran John Walah took up the 
reigns in Castner's absence, lead-
ing the te.m to • fifth-place finish 
with. 13th·place time of 26:50. 

"[Walsh] r.n phenomen.lly," 
Van Arsdale said. "Older individu-
als led our mens team." 

Walter Dehority streaked to a 
remarkable 15th·place finish with 
a time of 26:52, while teammate 
Robert Ho captured 28th place in 

. a time of 27:10. 
"[Dehority] just hu no fear of 

pain," V.n Arsdale said about his 
selection for Triton male athlete-
of·the-week. 

UCSD accomplished ill goal of ,. ' 
keeping the gap between all of its 
runners under 60 seconds by 
achieving a 57·second differential 
between its first and lut runners. 
Gavin Klinger rounded out the Tri· 
ton men's scoring, taking 39th in 
a speedy 27:19. 

"I guess myself and [Castner1 
would be the leaders on the team," 
said Walsh. "But leadership only 
goes so far. We need everyone 
healthy to do well." 

While the Triton male veterans 
continue to mow down opponents, 
Van Arsdale w.s equally pleased' 
with the freshmen's progress, par-
ticularly the six· and seven·posi-
'tion runners, Mike Wallace and 
Greg Field. 

"It may seem like there are a 
lot of veteranl'on the men's 
squad," said Walsh. "But really 
there arc a lot of freshman, and 
they're doing awesomely. They're 
doing equally, if not beller, ...... 
[Castner and 1] did when we 
started out." 

The UCSD men's final tally 
was a low 144 points, only 12 
aw.y from third place overall. 
Westmont College, Chico State, 
Stanford .nd C.I Poly Pomona 
stood ahead of the Tritons. 

With the difficult Stanford 
mcot behind them, the Trilonl' can 
DOW look forward to a relaxing 
alumi race next weekend OD cam-
pus. However, UCSD can't be too 
lackadaisical with the ever-impor-
tint Balboa Classic Invitational 
on Oct. 1 Sth. 

At pretent, Van Andale reQOftS 
th.t bi. men's .nd wOlhen's 
squads aft ranked within the top 
three in the conference lad, more 
'impressively, the region. 

. -Claremont is definite., the big 
,un. They.'re the onea 'to beat," 
siid Wallh. -If we rUII .well, 
tbou,h. we Can make it to N.tion-
.1 .... 

Monday, October 3, 1994 The UCSD Guardi_ 

UCSD Tangles With 
Big Boys at Stanford 
INVITE: Triton women chalk up their most impressive performance of the season, 
taking 8th-place; 1.J. Castner-less men's team grabbed a solid fifth-place finish 
ByTeddLacld 
Assoc/at. Sports Editor 

If you can ' t run with the big 
dogs, you're probably better off 
staying on the porch. 

The 
U C S D 
men's and 
women's 
cross coun· 
try team 
elected to 
do the 
former last 
weekend, 
galloping 
past several 
befuddled 
Division I 

. • nd II foes at the highly competi· 
tive Stanford University Invita· 
tional. 

tions and fierce competition, the 
UCSD tracksters .Iso had to worry 
about what Head Colch Ted Van 
Arsdale called, "the stresses of 
traveL" 

UCSD competed in the open 
division of each r.ce, contributing 
14 .thletes to the enormous 190· 
participant field_ 

CSU Stanislaus' Carrie 
Neugebauer captured the overall 
women's open five-kilometer title 
in a time of 18:28, followed by 
Yapapai 's M irsad. Buric·Adan 
second·place finish in 18:37. 

CSU Sacramento's Dan Cham· 
berlain stole the men's eight·kilo. 
meter race tille in 25:59. 

solid perform.nces all season. 
Leaving runners from such 

schools as San Diego State Uni· 
versity and Point Loma gasping 
for air, freshman phenom Kyndra 
Smith wu again the leader of the 
pack for the UCSD wom~n. 

Smith grabbed 31st place over· 
all with a time of 19:57 over the 
five·kilometer course, while fresh-
man te.mmate Melissa Roberts 
gave her typical, steady perfor· 
mance, tlking 39th with a time of 
20:14. 

"Our number·two runner, 
[Roberts], has been incredibly 
consistent all yea{," Van Arsdale 
said. "She's our athlete·of·the· 
week." 

SPORTS 21 

"It's always been. very tough 
race," said Triton veteran John 
W.lsh of the rigorous eight·kilo-
meter trail. 

"The course played about 45-
seconds [slower tban usual] be· 
cause of all the construction," Van 
Arsd.le said. "But it is really 
placement, not time, that mallers_ " 

The Triton women's squad 
seemed to understand this concept 
well, taking eighth pl.ce overall 
and ch.lking up some of the most 

Roberts, .Iong with .11 of her 
first-year teammates, dominate a 
youthful UCSD women's roster. 
Their immedi.te success, how-
ever, is far from surprising. 

"I'm not re.lly surprised," 
Roberta said. "All my training in 
high school and this year has paid 

GuMliIlt Rle PIloto 
Rhod .. Walton (473) II an Int.,,.1 part of. stronc men'. squad. 
off." - runners was Karen Hinkle, who 

In addition to the harsh condi· Following the top·two UCSD See X~OUNTRY, Page 20 

Join Peace COrpS • • 0 

GLOBALIZE YOUR RESUME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Campus Oct. 4 & 5 

Information Booth: Tuesday & Wednesday, 9 am -2 pm 
Price Center 

Special Seminars Ipteniews 
Overseas OpportuDities 

witilPeaceCorps 
Yes! Peace Corps is STILL Around 

aDd GolDa Stroae 
Tuesday and Wedoesday 

Oct. 11 & 19 
Career Services Center Tues., Oc:L 4, 2 pm - 4 pm 

CarceI' Services Cooference Room 
Wed.. Oct. 5, 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Conference Room Bring completed application to sign up 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 
For more informabon, call the Los Angeles Recruiting Office at (800) 424-8580 

VER 1,750 PENTIUM, 486, 
MACINTOSH, COLOR NOTEBOOKS, 

DiSk DRIVES & PRINTERS 
-----F R 0 M-----

APPLE, COMPAQ; ASf, H-P, AMBRA, 
DAUPHIN, ACER & OKIDATA! 

(MANY NEw. FACIVRY-DlRECJ WI WARRANTY.) 
llam,SAT., OCT. 8 • SAN DIEGO 
. 8929 Am Dr. -Inspect 1017, 1O-6pm 

FOR BROCHURE CALL: 800-85·GREAT 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEYI 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GR.ANT$· funds projects for 
all majors. H you have any qu~tions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305); 
Wr /\1-11 I\CCLPTINC PHOPOSl\l S 

, ()!~ F 1\ l L <)4 G R 1\ N r', 
01 I\Dl INI Ff?IDI\V. OCT. 7 /\1 ::3 PM 

ERGRADUATE 

RANTS 

AU HAllcurs 
: Meo's.t 1Ibmen's Reg. SIS 

includes shampoo, 
: rut a: blow dry 

r ...... weIcoIMI 

: CREATIVE Curs :. 
I HAIR & NAIlS I 
I I I Cradtte atyb ........ prtca I 
I 6780 MIraDIar Bd. 1108 I 
: Behind CIII's Jr, • M-F It). 7, SIL ~ : 
~5jfl:Q5!J.!lJ 

. " 



22 SPORTS 

"i~~ . ~e . {'?J.,~~'M' ~"\~ ~'(\\ ~~1.\\.;. . ~-----~~---~~ ---~ 
I 
I 
I 
LuUIII $ 
DillER BUFFET 

I BrIng thII coupon & IKIIIIve $' off I our reguIIIr $5.98 dinner buffM. 0II0r _ ... 
I SIIIIId t.r and bewnIge Included. ::,*,~. 

Ya.I pay only $4.98. ~',:,~~. 
~---------------. 

OFF 
............... 
_,.0-.. 
....... 

...... - .. 
• ..., BrOCCOli 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.=:'11: ~DRAaOIL HOUSE 
:~~ 272·8788 • Kung p., Chldlen · hMllSour Pork 
·SmoUd-... 
• Ptn.jIpIe ... 2662 Garnet 

1 block west of 1·5 

• Almond Chick ... 
• EIIII Rolli 
• Chow Mein 
· I ·I·Q Rille • Chidlen c.co.tore 

· WMflIh ~~~~~----~~ .~ I 'C-ft.l .. D .... rt Bar ., mucll more 

00 
4630 MIISIOM W IMtM • SAM OliGO, CAlIfOllHlA 91109 

275-1132 
1 00/ ALL REPAIRS /0 OFF with thiS coupon 

r 
'·1 
1 

---STOP 
RIGHT 
HERE! 

, 

1 
1 

1 Zoots Rotblerle offers all UCSD students 1 
a 10% dilCOuot (with student id). 

1 Try our famous Zootwraps"" (pita stuffed sandwiches) 1 Salads • Rotisseri:d Chicken • Fresh J-lot Veggies 
This stuff is delicious. cheap, and good for . out 

Zoots is located in the 
Costa Verde Shopping Center 

next to Blockbuster Video 
on Genesee Avenue. 

450-9094 

1 
1 

The UCSD C ... rdiu 

STUDYING 
Australia. Austria. BrIZll. CInad&. ChIle. (hIM. CoIta RIa. 

DenInMk. EcuIdor. f.typt. france. GennIny. GNna. Hans Kans. 
Hunpy. India. Indonesll. ntand, .... , Italy, )lipan. Kenya. 

loIea. MexIco. the Netherlands. New ZeIIand. bst&. Slnppore. 
SpaIn, Sweden. ThaIland. Of the United blJdOm. 

The IIC IDUCAlION AIaOAD ftOGU.JIIINt.wl the IIC5D 
0fP0I1UNIB AIIOAD fIIOCiIAII (GAIt ofer ~ WIlL Ind 

Inta'IDbJp opportwIItIes In these and many other CIOU1tItes. 
ApplIcatIon deIdIInes 500II. 

• £am AademIc CIecIt 
• fInIndII AId AwIIIbIe • ~ 01 cbIm tI Study AbIoId SdIcIInNpa 

Thursday, Oct. 8, 7 pm 
InbNnational~.rLoUng. 

For more Inlormdon call 534-1123 UC5D PIo.- AIINM 0IIke 

CONSIDERING BECOMING 
A CATHOLIC? 

CATHOLIC BUT NOT CONnRMEO? 
The Catholic Community at UCSD will begin its 

RCIA (Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults)1 
Conflrmation program on 

TUESDAY, OcTOBER .8 
at 7 pm in the Catholic Lounge. 

For more Information or to register, please 
contact Lynn Neu, 452-1957. 

You ~What 

Alpha Chi Omega • Qu~h 1994 L 'OIn do. not_to [W~SPeCWS 
-

.J I ~~iiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiii_1iiiiiiiiiii&Ii 

STAN: Joe may 
be a god but he ain't 
no Stan the Man 
c.. ..... I1 .......... 
tbem to WOUDded duc:b. 

On the second play from IICrim-
mage in this do-or-die drive, Stan set 
a revenal in motion, but failed to get 
out of the play u uy lUI OB -
healthy or otherwiac - would have 
done. This min smelled trouble 
coming when a Raider def~nder 
lurled through Ihe line, so 
Humphries cut him down with a fine 
block. His block, I dare .. y, turned 
a potcntially cruabinl 3-yard Ioas 
into I modest 3-yard pin. Five min-
ulcs before, Stan IuId been in anguish 
and DOW he wu laking the weight 
of I charging defeacJer on u injured 
knee . 

You would never ICC Joe do thai, 
not even in his Sep video pme. 
Sure, Joe's got style. He'll waltz 
down thc field in a two-minute drive 
that will Icave the dcfenac stir-
struck. StIn's attack could never be 
called pretty, but hc'lI1eavc the de-
fense black and blue. 

He does what it takes and IVoids 
the thcatrics. Despite having not 
thrown a single 300-yard game this 
season, he's the top-ranked passer in 
the AFe. He doesn't have I cadre of 
awe-filled worshippers like his up-
coming opponent, but if he needed 
one to win, I'm SUJe he would find 
one. 

As he hobbled along, Humphries 
drove the (]wgcrs 30 yards, firin~ 
short, precise bul1eta from an awk-
ward, painful stance. Now just out· 
side of field goal raD8c, the Charg-
ers faced a fourth-and-one situatIOn 
with less than two minutes to play. 
You'd expect him to hand off or per-
haps to dump it off short to a run-
ning back just past the fil'lt-down 
marker. 

B t Stan did nothing of the son 
He w.lited in the pocket for an ago-
nizing second, Raider linemen surg-
ing :l round him, and passed 
down leld, through traffic, and hit 
his receiver on the numbers tor a 
crucial first down. 

Down by one with less than a 
minul to play and a mere 25 yards 
from the end zone, Joe probably 
woul! have thrown an amazing TD 
pass, ' nless of course a microscopic 
lineba ker hadn't sacked him in the 
backfield. Then the play would have 
gone into the annaJa of the NFL with 
a capitalized, awe-inspiring label 
like The Bullet or some such non-
sense. 

Humphries didn't throw a high-
light film pus to the bIdt of the end 
zone. Hell, be didn't get that'IQ 
.,...at aU. What Humphries did was 
this: He put Inother win in the 
ClIargen' record and kept that zero 
in the 1011 column. He got the ball 
within chip-shot range and then left 
the fi eld. With two ticks left, the 
ClIlrgers got the field goal and won 
thegr,me. 

St .. n th~ for zero touchdowns 
and tossed two inten:eptiom, his fint 
this IICUOn, Ind paued for leas than 
200 yards. But he came back from a 
hit that made him scream in anguish 
and won the game. Not only did Joe 
lose th t day, we wouldn't have seen 
him h('k on the field for weeks it 
he ha taken that hit. 

It very well may come down to 
last-minute heroics on SlHIdlY at 
Jack Murphy Stadium. Plenty of 
excuses will be available for the 
101« - it 's going to be bot and loud 
and hard-hitting. But one of thae 
two quarterbacb won't ev .. thiIIlt 
of _king an w:.e. Qancea .... 
be won 't n~ one. 

..... ,. Oeaaber3.1tM The UCSD Cllardiua 

featcd record apillll Division III 0p-
ponents. 

With its victory over Trinity in 
hand, UCSD advanced to the finals 
with a chance to regain the title with 
its name attached In last year" 
MIZUno InVItational, tne fnlOns had 
to settle for a durd-place finish after 
droppmg a classiC five-set war to 
their biller nvals from Washmgton 
University. 

UCSD 's 
unlucky oppo-
nent in the fi-
na' was 8 
youthfu l 
squad from 
Colorado Col· 
lege With the 
Tritons play. 
ing well . the 
Tigers were a 
small obstacle 
to overcome 
In order to 
earn the title. 

SPORTS23 .. 

point of view, with the TritoM oace 
again spread in, the playing time 
amongst aU the players on the team. 

"We got a lot of kids in the games 
this weekend." Dannevik said. 
"We're contmumg to get beller and 
oelter lIS a leam." 

Game two was a 15-6 victory for 
UCSD While in game three, the Tri-
tons spnnted out to a 12-1 lead. The 
Tigers postponed San Diego's inevi-

table celebra-
ti on by 
scrambling 
back within 
five points .z 
be fore 
Harvey and 
company put 
th is one in the 
books with a 
15-9 tally. 

Cnuck "'Iuven/GuMdl.., 
Joyc ..... (3) wllc .... Anleli. Crochett Ne.lv ... rve In UCSO', ,trallht-set victory over FontbOnne. In the 

opening game 
of the 
matchup 

~Colorado 
College was 
real young," 
Dannevik 
said. "We just 
served them 
right off the MlZUNO:uCSD 

tames field at invite 
ContInued fNm ..... 28 
bit slowly in the first game, the Tri· 
tons battled their way to an 11-3 lead 
and Ippeared to be headed for an 
easy opening-game win. 

The Tigers baliled back, how-
ever, cllwing to within a three-point 
margin at H-S before UCSD re-
gained its poise. The Tritons scoreri 
the last three points of the game with 
freshman setter Christy Thomas 
serving to take the early lead. 

Thomas, who slarted against 
Trinity because regular seller JeMi· 
fer Schofield had been benched for 
disciplinary reasons, gained some 
valuable experience while guiding 
the UCSD offense in the opening 
game win. Schofield returned to 
lineup for games two and three -
gimes which got increasingly 
nerveraclting for the Tritons. 

The second game went to UCSD 
by a 15-9 tally as Harvey, Crochet 
and Ripken powered the Triton of· 
fense to a commanding two-game 
lead. 

In the third and final gam!;;, 
UCSD escaped with a IS-II victory 
to take the match over the upse/-hlln-
gry Tigen. 

"The scores in the games agahst 
Trinity were not indicative (If the 
match," Dannevik said. "It w<s a 

really tough win 
Harley led the Tritons with 15 

kills against Trinity, closely followed 
by C~ocltel who pitched in by pound. 
ing home 14 kills in the contest. 

"We had been playing pretty in· 
consistently in the two weeks up to 
the Occidental match," Harvey said. 

. "But we've been playing real well 

Since then ' 
It was a htlle less than fWD weeks 

ago that a floundenng UCSD squad 
was upset by Occidental College. 

However, in their six contests 
since that disappointment, the Tri· 
tons have displayed very lillie, if any 
of the weaknesses that cost them the 
Occidental match and their unde-

court." 
UCSD blew ChUCk NauYen/GuarlJi.., 
CC right off HNd Coach Doul Oannevlk IUlded 
the court by a UCSO to another Mizuno Title. relatively 

Despite 
the Tritons' .r 

15-1 score and convincingly grabbed easy march 10 the litle, they know 
the early lead in the match . that no foe can ever be overlooked. 

Games two and three were a bit "The challenge is still there in 
more respectable from the Tigers' every match," Harvey said. "You 

have to be ready to go no matter who 

MIZUNO MVP. PROFILE you're playing." "We got everybody playing time 
this weekend, n Dannevik said. 
"Ripken and Chi were playing reo 
ally well as sophomores, we've got 
a lot more confidence and we've 
gained a better understanding of our 

rrHE PLAYER 
Player: Julie Harvey 
ream: UCSD 
Position: outside hitter 
Year: senior 
Hometown: Sun Valley, Ca. 
High School: Village Christian 

THESTATS 
Games Played: 10 
Kills: 33 
Errors: 7 
Total Attempts: 63 
Kill Percentage: .400 
Olga: 27 
Service Aces: 12 

. offense." 
UCSD was certainly ready forthe 

field this weekend, but the competi-
tion will be stiffening markedly in 
the coming week. 

"We've got some tough matches 
coming lip against scholarship 
SChools," Dannevik said. 

n Wednesday, the Tritons will 
host Point Loma Nazarene, a tradi · 
tionally strong NAIA foe. 

~We will have to step upour play 
against POlOt Loma, " Harvey agreed. 

Then on Friday, another NAIA 
school opposes UCSD in Westmont 
College. The Warriors will invade 
the Triton Gym in what promises to 
be an exciting match up. 

The final contest in UCSD's 
tough week will be against Division 

Oomlnk: Lobbia/Gua-di.., II Cal State San Bernardino. 

GRUnDIG INDOOR ROCK CLIMBING IT'5 NOT JUST ANOTHEIt GYM 
S H 0 R TWA V E R A D lOS 

-IT'S AN 
ADVENTURE! 

YACHT BOY 400 ~TELLff 700 
Only $249~ Only $399 95 

Reg. $279~ Reg. $499~ 

Available at the UCSD Bookstore. 
Bookstore Electronics Dept. 

534 - 4320 

~or a limited time only. 
LII ~. I 
I H )( J ...... I ( )f If 

'EID you. .. AIM 

Monday - Friday 8 am - 6 pm 
Saturday lOam - 5 pm 

SOUTHERN 

CALIFORNIA'S 

SQ. FEET OF 

TEXTUREO 

CLIMBING 

SURFACE 

MONDAYS 

200kOFF: 
For .......... willi JUIn to 

DISTRIBUTION AVE. 
ton' MIIWWt RD.) 

1B: 516-7572 
FII:516-03I3 

r.f11~1." 
_IN 



, I 

t , 

" t. 

24 CLASSmEDS 

ELVNOA ROOIIYEL T COLL!Ge 
STUDENTS, STAPP. 'ACULTY • 
eom. ........... EIMnorRoa ..... 
InIuPBlrthdayBllh& BeneIt· Friday. 
October 14 frcm &pm • 12 am at the 
UCSD Faculty Club. Purchase your 
tickets III the ERe Dean's 0fIIc:e or 
RIpidenc:e ute 0IbI. Students SS. 
F.cuty & Staft $ 1 O. (10/3-1 Or'8) 
CATHOLIC GRAD AND MED 
STUDENTS· New and Used • Come to 
Pizza Party Monday. Oct 3. 8:30 to 8:30 
p.m. Catholic Lounge of Univerlity 
Lutheran Church. (S.W. comer d LJ. 
Shores Dr. and N. Torrey Pines Rd.) 
Bring ,friend, meet some. (1013) 

UCSD AsIhma SIudy AIhmatIcI UIing 
Inhaled IlerOIds needed. 12 week. e 
viIIt 1IUdy. ReoeMI up to "150.00 tor 
peItIcIpdon. For men 1nformIIIon, 
call 534-8224 or 543-6811 . (&» 1 Or' 
17) 
tlLLCAESTIIED. CTA TO CAMPUS 
VANPOOL '- openings for UCSD 
faculty. sta" & UC EIIPLOYED 
STUDENTS. If you reside In the 
HiIIaeII ar_ and work Bam-4:3Opm 
on campus, this Is an excellent 
commute option. Call CAROLE at d. 
3-RIDE. (W26-10120) . 

"(H SI'(~ 
Room: CounIryseltlng, beautiful views. 
peaceful. $ 1 OO+chores/Veggle 
househoId/MUIl be easy-going. quiet 
and like animals. No drugs. 15 ml to 
UCSD. 679-8260. (1013-10/10) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. Oetober..3.1994 

'" 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-wonl incremenIs. The rate per 20 Mom'b is $2 for 
studenJs (for pt!TSOIIIll use ono/), $3 for faculty and SlQJ/, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ods must be moiled wiJh a checIc (made payable to The 

U~D Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for MmdIzy's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian ~ the rightto refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ods. For nrore information 
C/lU534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSD~Attn:CIassifieds, 9500GilmlmDrive, 
0316, LaJol/Q, CA 92093-iJ316. Actual address: StudentCenterA, top floor. 

UCSD SURF CLUB • GirII and Boys 
come JOIN US for the first meeting for 
the NEW YEAR. Thurlday, October 8, 
at WLH 2005, 7 p.m. (1013) in downtown La Jolla. To share room + deIIlrucIIonll Leam c:empaIgn IkIII & reliable car. power steering, good Room available. Quiet. gated. bathroom for S2251month plul 1/3 make a difference. EamS36-!50+lday. brakes, about 1501< mil ... Cheapl 

commoolty. Close to school, own bath. utilities. 454-7150. (9126-1016) Call Mo 297-5512. (1013) SlOOO10b0. Bryan 456-7878. (1013) 
parklngspot. pool. spa. Mike 587-6727. 
(10/3) Condo-Room to rent. S320 + deposit + S&'hr to 8IIiat In P .B. office; answer KING SIZE BED AND FRAMES. Good 

1/4utWitles.AvaillO/l .ToddS34-1142. phonesandprocesaorderaforpaintlng condition. Need to see ASAP. $701 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off· 
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 

ROOM FOR RENT in 2 bedroom condo 
(La Jolla Terrace). S325.00 per month 
complete. 8803 F Gilman Drive. 
Avaiulablelmmediale!y, Furnished Call 
Randy 658-0406. (10/3) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOMEI Don't throw 
renl dollars. Near UCSD 1 brs 
$8O,OOOs+ 3 brds $140.000+ & luxury 
homes. Easy financing. For discounts 
see AD in UCSD StOOentIFaculty/Slaft 
Directory back page 5. Free Info REI 
MAX Judith HADDOX 275-2618. (101 
3-10(27) 

Gilman ~ Info Booth \ 
Communications Bldg. \ 

F Roommate wanted to share luxury 
Solana Beach 2 bedroom 2 112 bath 
furnished condo in beachfrorrt complex. 
Underground pkg .. lennia, pools, and 
jacuzzi. Most utilities paid. $600. 552-
3495 ext. 107. (9/29-10/31) Torrey Pines Center ~ No. T.P. Info Booth ~ 

Scripps Ubrary 
Scripps Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall. 

St. Germain's 
Gal Copy 
BJ's Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Vons 
Polar's Yogurt 
Western Bagel 
Big Bear 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Zebra Copy 
Milagro Bean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco BeD 
News Etc. 
Beans 

Subway 
Rbberto's 

Jeffs Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
La Coti;a Mexican 

\ 

\ 

Swensen's I 
Soup Exchange ~ 
Porkyiand ~ ~-
Vons I 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 
La Jolla Public Ubrary 
Zanaibar I 
Pannikin 
7·11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 

Lucky's 
cafe Toulouse 
Zanzibar 
CafeCrema 
Boney's 
Vona 
Soup Exchange 
Oragon House 

Ben & Jerry's 
Vans 
Sport Mart 
Lucky's 
RobeI1a 

\ 

, 

\ 

I 

ROOMMATE WANTED; male, non-
smoker 10"" w/tWO UCSDatudents; 
La JoIIe/LaI PaImas, acroas street from 
Vans: share master bedroom w/own 
battvoom; completely furnished, pool. 
spa, washer, dryer, cable; $300 + 1/3 
utilities; available now, call 622·1143. 
(9129-10/3) 
Mount Soledad Condo ... Large master 
bedroom w/prlvate bath available for 2 
student to share (or 1 as single) in 
furnished La Jolla luxury condo. Ail 
conditioned. pool, jacuzzi. temis cour1s 
and cable TV w/free use of washerl 
dryer. Only 7 minutes to UCSD. Non-
smoking and quiet. Call Steve at (619) 
273-8812. (9129-10/6) 
CHEAP LIVING Clean 2 bedroom/2 
bath CONDO N:bairemont. 5 min to 
campus $650/mo. ALL UTILITIES 
INCLUDEDI27D-3532 Leave message 
(9/26-10(1 q) 
Your own room in Del Mar Condo-
$400/month. Includes utilities and 
cable. Pool, tennis courts. washerl 
dryer, and your own balhroom. Call 
Nick aI259-7316. (9126-1016) 
Solana Beach: Furnished Condo-
Oceanfront development. 2 large 
bedrooms, 2 112 baths. pools, tennis 
courts, 909-925·1689. $1200.00/ 
month. (9126-10/6) 
2 UCSD students and cat looking for a 
female roommate. 3 blocks from beach 

GREEK 
C I I S I I I. CAr I 

LA JOLLA 
.... r .... I:. CtId.-

8935 ToIMI CMIIr Dr. sat. 111 
. S,S8~7771 

FREE 
GYROS SAMPLE! 

• FALAFEL or GYROS : 
: SANDWICHS299: 
• with 16 CJl. a:J(E • 

Rice KIng 
Sub Stop 
Robertoa 

I • _,.-_ ........ 1_ · 1- - - - - - - - - - --I I~ __ :$300 .0FF!. 
a.IIImont BIlge! ~. Any Plate • 
Red RobIn I • _,.-_ ........ 1 ..... . 

'--______ --"_ ... 1-__________ • 

Near UTC. No smoke/no drink. (9126- goggIes.FlexiblehcuslSafetyAmerica obo. Cd 453-2682. (1013-10/10) 
10110) 272·7538. (1013) 
3 bedroom lownhouse very close to 
campus. UTC. New carpet. paint. 
washer/dryer. Pool. $114O/mo. Call 
Nina 792-6453 or 569-7866. (9126-10/ 
3) 
MISSION BEACH 2BR. 2BA. flmlshed. 
on Boardwalk. ocean view. 2 car 
parking. $950-1150. 259-1457 or 488-
1395. (9~10/13) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295, Female 
needed for own room In nice house. 
Patio, piano, cable TV, washer/dryer, 
12 minutes to UCSO. No smokers, 
pets, or drugs, please. Cal Mark or 
Julie 534-2391 or 534-3383 message 
(9120-10/3) 
1 Bedroom. view, neutral colors; terms; 
walk to UCSD. shopping + secuity, 
agent 1982-0811 VIM $90,000 (9120-
10/10) 
ScrWa Ranch HOME TO SHARE 4 br, 
2-1/2 baths 2 rooms available @ S350 
each, no pets, nolll1Oklng, lingle moms 
OK 695-8462'(9120-1013) 
Condo-Room to rent. S320 + deposit + 
114 ut~ities . Available 10/1 . Todd 546-
1142. Near UTC. No smoke/no drink 
(9120-10/3) 

Book.star needs pit overnig1I Bhelwrsl 
Able to worM Sun, Tues, Thurs, 7pm· 
38m. Open Interviews Wed·slpm-5pm. 
8650 Genessee Avenue. (1013-1016) 
LOSE WEIGHTI Feel great! Make extra 
moneyl For free information, call 1-
800-460-FAST. Then call 619-488-
4864. Life Extension Internalional 
Distributor. (1013-10/20) 
University Center has several openings 
for student housekeepers. SS.4O/hour, 
Job M903.012. Must work 6-9am, 8-
12pm, Friday pm or Sat pm. Pick up 
referral at Employment Opportunities 
Office. (10/3-1016) 
91% of Califomia's wetlands have been 
destroyed I Help save the last 9% I Work 
with the Sierra Club to stop the 

I 
I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Copies 
a.5~ ea • 

Must ...... W. 

------------------- SCUBA GEAR: Regulator. OctOPUS. 
Part Tme Job, flexible hoIn (days DepthandPSlguagealmoltnew.Need . 
preferred)asanEnrollmentCounaellor cashquick.$400.OOI0b0.CalIDan453-
for Kaplan Test Prep. $6/tv"+ bonuses. 2682. (10/3-10/10) 
2n -67 44. (9129-10110) 
Hig\Iy motivated individuals needed 
as dist(lbutors for an emerging leader 
in nutritional products. Flexible hotn. 
Excellent pay potential. Cal 552-8733. 
(9126-10/8) 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT-
Make up to $2.000·$4,000+/mo. 
teaching basic conversational E09ish 
in Japan. Taiwan. or S. Korea. No 
teaching background or Asian 
IIwIguagesrequired. For info. cal: (206) 
632·1146 ext. J59761 (9/26-10120) 
CRUISE SHIPS HIRING-fam up to 
$2.ooo+/mO. on Cruise Ships or Land· 
Tour companies. Seasonal & Ful-Tme 
employment available. No exp 
necessary. For Info. cal 1-206-634-
0468 ext C59761 . (9120-10120) 
Need Cash? Domino's PIzza is now 
hiring. Become a part of the world's 
largest pizza delivefy company. Drivers 
can earn up to $ 12.00Ihr .• must be 18. 
with valid driver's license, insured 
vehicle. good driving record. Stop by 
our La Jolla store. 3211 Holiday Ct., 
after 11am or call 452-8273. EOE. (91 
20-10131) 
S$EARN EXTAACASH S$ Bea blood! 
plasma donor. PYRAIiID BIOLOGY 
CORP San Diego298-4011. San Ysidro 
690-4434 (9120-12/1) 
Beoome a BeIng-Fit certified aerobic 
Instrudor in 6 weeks. Call Dan at 544-
8332. Classes start Od. 15. (9/20·10/ 

~) 

HHt S \LE 
IKEA Loveseat $75, queen-size deluxe 
Mon aofabed with cherry frame $ 175. 
huge desk, 4-drawer hanging file 
cabinets. foam couch, shelves. 558-
3734. (10/3) 
Rallerblades Zetr& 303. Aqua wheels 
and laces, size 10. Good condition $90 
080. Cal 550-0323. (10/3) 

Get a 4.0. Write Great Papers with a 
SmIttVCorona Word Processor. 4 fonts. 
extra ribbons and correction tape. 
apeIIcheck. thesaLnus, dictIonaty, can 
store papers on floppy disk. Includes 
manual. $215 457-1855. (1013) 
LEATHER BACKPACKS· Brown, 
black, high qualily BRAND NEWII Have 
to go $50 or best call Mark 558-1641. 
(10/3) 
Bed For Salel Twin size bed, very 
comfortable, steardy, as good as new 
only $190.00. Call 692-7416 for more 
Info. (1013-1016) 
Stereo System, JFC 36" apeakers, 
FISHER set with double tape deck, CD 
player, S2OO. Great buy. 558-7567 •. (1 Or' 
3-1016) 
Monitor & Modem to 80IIid camJH)WI 
$75. Casla scientific calculator with 
graphics. $50. Both hardly used. see-
1178 (1013) 
DESK FOR SALE. Wood. black with 
computer hutch. 28·Dx49"Wx26.5·H. 
w/Hutch = 56"H. $75.00. Steve 259-
0919. (10/3) 
HEWLETI·Packard 46SX Scientific 
Expandable Calculator. Includes aI 
manuals. List Price: S250, ONLY $150 
080. Can 658-9496. (10/3-1016) 
Computer - IBM model 25. mouse. 
software (Dos 4. Microsoft Word), IBM 
Printer. Computer desk. S5OO. 456-
7953. (10/3-10/6) 
New Tape Backup Setup: Colorado 
Jumbo 250 Tape Drive, external kit, 
FC-10 controller card, DOS OSI2 
backup software, paid $360+ Sacrifice 
at $300. 6n-9090. (1013-10117) 
EAGLES tickets for sale. $100 for a 
pair. October 8th at the Rose Bowl. call 
552-0397 (10/3-1016) 
Two large healthy Green Iguanas with 

1978VOLVOstationwagon,blue,good full set·up 0-08 tank, lights. heaters, 

FULL SERVICE CAR lASH 
6- Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA' 
VERDE 
CARWASH 

8505 COlt. Verde Blvd •• 587-4844 

~ . 
weHCYCLE 
OURWATIR 

z.® 

·t-UCSD 

~ La ... lIa VIII ••• Dr. UTC 

J I. II 11 •.•. 1 Dr. II 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFY CLOTH W~ 
SHE~L. GASOUNE I DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
------------------~---i ' Full Service $299 

: ~~6~ P!! !A§! J ....... I C."RWASH _ .WIId .... ., __ . SAYUUI I 
I ElIIIiM t1/WM ~-~--~-~~----------~----, 

MacInIoeh PlUI, 4MB RAM, 20MB 
HardDiIk, 24OOBO modem, MOOnd 
exlemII hlrddrM, K-.llilglOnayllim 
saver, fLItJo mouM, loll 01 ...... 
AM excellent condllon. $5OOIobo 278-
3341. (10.'3-10r'17) 
1888PONT1ACSUtaRD:Runapll. 
reIIIbIe, .~, CIII .... 2C»t/ 
leave mil age. (1013) 

. Twin MIIIreu, boxIpr'."IQ, one ye« 
<*I. Grell condllonl $8OIobo. Psych 
183. 17'9, BICO 100 booka tor c:heIpI 
453-8193. (10/3-1 0t'8) 
'88 WI FOX GL 4 New TlreI, recert 
tune up. Excellent condition. 13,450. 
C8IIl.e11ie 1115150-1070 ext 148 (&I2&-
1 Or'13) 
SMITH CORONA Word Proceuor 
PWP3IKX), like new, "80 or belt offer. 
538-04245 lifter 8pm. (W'& 10/10) 
Cheap. dependable car. 1989 
DAlHATSU CHARADE. 671< m .... 
greallIUdenI car. 40+ MPGI S2OOO. 
Patio table and chan. S60. 272-0158. 
(&»1018) 
FOR SALE I 87 Chevy SprInt awesome 
condition '11500 obo; 82 Plymouth 
Horizon new eIedrIcaI system $ 1200 
obo; waterbed with new matresa $100 
both or will sea separate; uk for other 
items 558-2259 Adam. (9126-1013) 
1985 Mitsublshi Cordia-L, sunroof. 
power steering. cassette deck. air 
conditioning. $18OO1BO 459-7250. (91 
26-1(13) 
For sale Maclnloeh CIusIc computer + 
software. Used very little, still have 
boxes and manuals $500. Printer, 
lmagewrlter II $150. Call 453-6057. (91 
26-1(13) 

~EH\ ICES 
Pl'ofeIIianIII AIteratIof. by Christine, 
cell 878-0442. (1013) 

? 
Word Proc .. slng: Academic 

~, ..... , books, letters, 
IIJIPbIb_, ,....., Al;Qxat.e/Fat/ 
CoIIIdriII eervIce, MIry Ann 452· 
eG. (1013-12/1) 

~IEIectroIyIiIIndSlWlCare 
ClInIc: FecIII Waxing & EJedroIyaIs, 
3212 HoIdIIY Ct. 1220, ltl bled ~ 
'*"PUI. 558-0888 (10,'3-1113) 
P.,fec:tlanllt Typing ServIce Reportli 
reaumes/thllll, eapaAoI tamb"" 
.... ICIIIIng HIIc:reIt (~ UCSD 
HoIpIIII) John 297-8743. (1013) 
PrIYaIe Tutoring In math. engineering. 
phyIIcs; Save ifmt. get bell. grades. 
be NIppy. Group or one-on-one. 497· 
5985. (W'&1013) 

The UCSD Cuardian 

~ '-ani: ..... ICO to .... On »1tV3) 
..... Of off, with .......... , . ----------
.... Ind kno.t.d,..lnIIructor. HMthy'lOlurUnae-l'~45v-'1 
UC ....... DINe,2IIo-1245. (1m- akt ... ,....topMlcipllein.UCSO 
1a113) Medal Center IIUdy "'.111 .. 

ahd 0I8CUId on" .,.,.,. ,.... 
P,ychologllt-Atl.n, culturally CompenudIon wi be proyIded. c.II 
....., ~=~Ind ........ 543-2484forlnformlllon. (W'&10124) COIIOII1'II,=~ "I, eIIing 
dIaordIrs, ___tI. .~822· FUNllWlltGa...from3d11wwt 
0221. PSY 14052. (lm-10/13) lnhIIen luling either 3 or 7 days. 

Noin\:1Itmert. EIIIn_ forytIAIgr'OUP 
PERSCINALINJURY, REAL ESTATE, plu. perlon.1 cash bonuses for 
al8lESSLAW. FNeccn&alllonlnd yourMIf. CIIl-«lO-932-0528. ext 815. 
..... tIM to .. UCSD IIUdenta and (lW8-1013 + 11/3) 

~ Law ofIICIII 01 B. BriIIIn 
FiIhIr; EIq. 875 PrOlPld SheC. SuIte 
301. 4&8 ••• (9126-1018) 

AlRUNERJQHT ATTENDANT JOBS. 
New book ~ HcrIII, tela how. 
UpdIIt. and guaranteed. 1-800-7· 
FlIGHT. (W2O-10124) 

LOVE. SEX, MONEY. Howcomforlllble 
are you? Send yoIM'/mIIle'. birth 4 
current nemeI, bIrthdateI to T. BeIIItIe 
P.O. Box 1081. LaJolla92038."5'S 
page report. QuIck reponse. Intinate 
reIatIonIhIp. (1013) 
ESTHER PEARU Where are you? Cal 
mel KrIItln Me 543-0948. (1013) 

MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION. 
conlultlng and troub,-sh= Look It's my Girls, Shelly, Adrienne, 
individual or ~ Ieaon. • Alison, & of COI.ft8 BrigId. Hawn't 
howl. Mike 782-8822 __ '0r'17) heardfrcmyouBrlgld,lhopeaHiswell. 

Adrienne & Allison sorry again. I didn't 
WORDPROCESSlNGSERVlCESAny get to spend ~ tine wtvw when 
sizejob,enytype of job. CIIc.al481· you came down. lUll another good 
8384 (9120-12/1) excuaeto heveloaeeyou again. Shelly. 

. hey babe. to bad things didn't work w 
WRITlNG PR08LUI? Profelllonll whenlwuupthere.bullwillmakeitup 
wrt.with350publicalionaedillofferl somehow. Ok. All Of you take care. 
ethical usistance with any writing amIe for me & Keep your chins high. 
project. Also word-proceuing. editing. Love. you lire who, + your is ... point 
Moring. aitlqulng, etc. Over 25 yearw (SAM.) (1013) 
academlcexper\er1al. BI [)e;Iar1ey96& 
1641. (9120-1/9) 
VlolinNiola Lessons. Adults and 
chHdren can learn from an experienced, 
professional teacher. Now accepting 
students - all agesIIevels welcome' 
Conrad: 466-0525. (9120-10124) 
CREDlTAEPAIRI Have bad credit? Fix 
your credit 1egaJIy! Free Informalion 
packet. lealie name and address on 
machine or with representative. 622-
1882 (9/20-12/1) 

\\ \\TEI) 
TRADE: Infinity home stereo speakers 
or Hondo electric guitar for y04Jl T1-85 
graphing calculator . Must have 
instrudion book. Jim 450-6789. (10/3) 
Modell, Dancers. Entertainers. we are 
currently seeking professionall for 
oncaIIln your local area assilJlments. 
Sand photo wtIh bIosJaphy, must be 
depIIldabIe. flrltclass. andhavedelie 

tomakeBIG$.lntervi8lon~. 133 
E. De La Guerra Ste 423. Santa 
aan.a. CA 93101. No phone calls 
pIeae. (1013-1018) 
BABYSITTER: Looking for UCSD 
ferMle student wtIh very sweet, loving 
disposition to watch 5 month and 2 
veer <*I. T·Th 9-12am. S&'hr Merry 
4S6-4069 experienoa neceaary. (10/ 
3) 
I need a CRASH PAD near c:aqu 
Monday and Wednesday"'" to avoid 
long commute. WILL PAY CASH. 
References. Paul 897·3432. C.C. 
13432 (1013-1018) 

I.O~T \\ I) FOI \ n 
LOST: Black PanasonicWalkman with 
SONY folding headphones and 
cassette. Lastaeen in PC Theatre lobby 
9129. Please tum In to UCSD Police 
Station or call 578-1036. (1 0/3) 

Need a half dozen 
monkeys? Then 
you've come to the 
wrone place. 

Need housing, a love 
seat or tutoring? 
Then you've come to 
the right place. 

Guardian 
Classltled Ads 

INDOOR SOCCER-Coed 
Typlng/Edltlng/Tutorlng. English recreational team to play .. SO Indoor 
teacher ... editor wi! make your work Friday n~ beginning mld-Odober. 
look jpIII 224-8080. (9129-10110) Int ...... ? Call SuzIe 558-4688. (91 

~ T m With Thia Ad! 
\.Jl •• • 
Cuts ........ $4 OFF 

(Rq.21.00) 

Women's Cuts ... $5 OFF 
(Rq.26.00) 

Hours: 
Monday. Friday &: 
Sonanlay- 9am-6pm 

T ....... y, WcdneocIay &: 
Thurwlay- 9lIm·8pm 

Fw .. "I_mIL 

457-3334 
8W Y" ujDla DIM· ujola y.u. c.c..r 

CNo. ...... s.-! 

'0.8.1 It '''UIS8.1 
I\&"t SPEt\.lS 
areba~ 

at • J 
ttb ;t.~.1IIii 

ITALIAN 
RESTAURANT 

MONDAYS THuRsDAYS 
All You CD Eat $5 
rasb, Sauce, 6: Bread 
DurUtg tilt game 

12" Pizzas~.. $6 
14"Pizzas~" $8 

792-7521 145 S. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT·OFFS • FADED BLUES $99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY' TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIIMAIIS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
...... ___ ,uPIN 7 DAYS • 222-0220, ____ .. 

GlASSES & : CONTACT 
EXAM I LENSES 

, $99 1 & EXAM $89 
COMPunE ICOMPunE 

CA SEUCTlOII. CR·". S1t I 
EXP. 1Z1ZM14 I DoItlYWEAR. SEUCTLENSESEXI'. IZlZMI4. 

--------------------

CHANGE YOUR EYES TO A 
NEW AND EXCITING 

Cot-O~ $149 :::"~ONS 
COlORED LENSES. INCLUD". IEX.M. 

CALL FOR AN APPOIfffilENT OR JUST WALK IN. OPEN 7 DAYS. 

lOCATED IN THE UTe MAll (NEXT TO NORDSTROM) 
455-1052 

-

• 



26 SPORTS 

r----------
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-. 

: r - - ,iil"W"UM(;"j1I 'U'IIi"i.riijiUJ . - --, 
: : $35 COMPLETE EYE EXAM : 

" I I For glasses • Includes check for I I I glaucoma and cataracts WllllCOIIIIOIIIlICISIuIIIM I 
I I 10 DIlly. ElIp. lllW4. I I~COM~-l~~--~-m;~~: 
I I PACIAGE I CoIIItIItl CoIIplell ~ I 
! :$" .• 2':-': $89* $109* $169*: 
II 149 ..... I-_IIId_IDOIIIr.~~._.-. I ..... l1li_ CIIII lei. MIlt sigIIIed Ax DIlly. 0INr IIIIiar bIIftdI I ~ ''._...,.!It.11/M1 I Instodl. ElIp. 11f.W4. ~ 
I - Extra Thl';-I(1il!1jJjill1'jll- Repl-.- I 

I Dally Wear $35: ~I. I 
· $59*:=-- $40: ~!L : 
I L ___ ~1~:....L~~~~~-' ..... ~,,=~~~..J 

I' 

I 
"We take tbe time to A .....-nlain." listen anw "-"'1-' ! -"'Deb i 
:~"~M!-i_~Rd~. ~ Dr. Nick SELBY, 0.0. 
l 6780 Miramar Rd. 578·6796 
L ________ ~miles ~t~ ~ (beh~ Cart ·sJr.~ __ -1 

Be a Thtor 

Friends 
Be A Friend Be a Mentor 
Understanding Needs 

INTERESTED? 
Come by our IDformltional Meeting or Pick up an Application 

October 4th, 6-7 pm at the 
Santa BarbaraILA Room Volunteer Connection Office 

Price Center Second Floor Price Center 

For more information, call 534-1414 

FUN is a program of the Volunteer Connection 

I 0 D Y W E A I 
I '~------------------~ 

,-

SAN DIEGO'S ON 
BODYWEAR BOUTI 

'uruaIIlG: 
MaSSIMO 
EYEILHI 
DIESEl 
MODA PIIMA 
(IUNCHI 

MAKE THE DRIVE 
lUST 1 MINUTES FROM UCSO! 

HI 

DEl MAl HI&!IWDS TOWN (ENTEI 
12925 It c._1bl, SAl DISO (' 1')7'4-7201 

The UCSD Guardiaa Moaday, October 3,l9M 

YI/JU:III ZoIotOlllV/Guadl'l 
Senior Todd Curran worked hi. offensive macae acaInat UC Santa Cruz, tallyl", one &081 8IId _ ... Ist. 

UCSD Splits Two on Road 
NORTHERN EXPOSURE: Tritons (6-5) smother UCSC Slugs, 6-0, fall victim to 
Division I UC Berkeley, 4-0, in last weekend's road trip to Northern California 
By Brian K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

In all the splender and glory of 
winning a national championship, 
there is always that one dark side, 

that one omen, 
that one real 
stitch in every 
national ban-
ner-bearer '5 
side - de-
fending it. 

The 1994 
Triton men's 
soccer team 
(6-5) has cer-
tainly been 
forced to deal 

with the "just-after jinx," but follow-
ing last weekend's Northern Califor-
nia road trip their piayoff-picture ho-
rizon may be getting brighter. 

Although Friday's 4-0 clubbing 
at the paws of the UC Berkeley 
Bears (1-6-1) did little to bolster the 
Tritons' ambitious cause in the al-
ways crucial win-loss column, Head 
Coach Derek Armstrong didn't ex-
pect a miracle-upset win over a Di-
vision I competitor. 

"The best we can hope for is a 
tie," Armstrong said after UCSD's 
1-0 victory over Southern Cal Col-
lege last Wednesday. 

What the Tritons did come away 
with was the experience·a struggling 
national-title holder needs for a re-
peat run. 

«We definitely got something out 
of that game," senior forward Todd 
Curran said. "They put up the most 
pressure we have ever seen before. I 
think we could have played with 
them and we had our chances. They 
had a game plan and did what they 
needed to win . Bul , heard 
(Armstrong] say Ihat this is is besl 
soccer we have played all year. II's 
great experience to face pressure like 

Ihat. " 
Berkeley freshman forward 

Adam Hunter opened the scoring 
with Cal's first two goals, marking 
unassisted at 14:20, and then again 
at 42:30, on a pass from midfielder 
Jeramie 
Perez. 

Forward 
Ryan Franklin 
scored the 
Bears' third 
goal at 66:53 
off an assist 
by sweeper 
Richard 
Weiszmann. 
Franklin later 
assisted Jason 
Young, who 
posted the fi-
na� score of 
the match. 

The Bears 
outshot 
UCSD 17-11, 
and Cal net-
minder Mark 
Edelen snared 
seven saves. 

UCSD coun-
terpart George 
Allison was 
credited with 
six saves. 

Triton offensive onslaught. By 
game's end, it wun't a pretty sight 
for the hosts. San Diego railed 

uese,~, in an extremely lopsided 
affair. 

The Tritons got on the board 

The expe-
rience gar-
nered from 
facing a lcam 
traditionally 

YI/JU:III ZOIOIOIlIV/GuaIIIII'I 
Shayne Ferber and hi. Triton teammatea we,. 
Jumped by Cal, but ,.tumed the t.vor to UCSC. 

entrenched in the nation's most elite, 
collegiate level of play, produced im-
mediate dividends in the San 
Diego's second match of the road 
trip. 

The UCSC Slugs, who had been 
boasting a surprisingly strong 8-3 
record going into the matchup, were 
immediately swamped by a vicious 

within the first 10 minutes of play 
thanks in part to lhe Slugs' pitifully 
ineffective defense. 

Sophomore defender Malt 
Chilton, who recorded ~ first hat 
trick of his UCSD career, booted a 
missle shot to teammate Brian 
Tumer from the midfield. The ball 

See 1LUlG1NI, Pa .. 18 

J 

~M~~~~y~,~Od~~oL~~~r~3~,~1~~ ____________________________ ~Th~e~U~C~S~D~G~u~.~nli~·~.D~ ________ ~ _________________________________ 2_7 ~ 

INTERESTED.IN A.S.? 
If the answer Is yes, you gotta get going 
on this opportunity because the deadline 
for applications Is Friday, October 15thl 
Come by our offices on the 3rd floor of the 
Price Center or call 534-4450 for more 
detalls. Some of the open position. are 
listed below but many more volunteer 
positions are open. PoaItIons vary In time 
commitments, allowing for everyone to get 
involved'" 

- Commissioner of Communications 
- Winter Festival Chair 
- Sun God Chair 
- CampUs Office Direc10r 
- Lobby Director 
- ASUCSD Elections Manager 
- Edltor-In-Chief 
- Events Manager 
- campuS-Wide Committees 
- Pr r ml Volunteers 

FINANCE OpPORTUNmES 
Paid and volunteer postions are 
available in the AS Finance office. 
If you are Interested in: 

- Income Manager 
- Financial Assistants 

Then come by the A.S. offices and fill 
out an application. 

- Student Org. Finance Board 
- Cultural Programming Finance 
Board 

Then visit your College Council to 
apply. 
MAKE AN ACADEMIC ADJUSTMENT 
The A.S. Academic Affairs office has 
. many positions available. Represent 
UCSD students' academic concerns! 
Call Dave at 534-4450 for more info. 
There Is also a paid position as 
Academic AffaIrs Project Coordinator. 
Inquire at the A.S. offices. 
A.S. FILM DIReCTOR 
Ive you Interested In overseeing the 
Tuesday and Thursday night movies? 
Come to the 3rd floor of the Price 
Center to apply or call 534-4450. 
FIGHT FOR STUDENT RIGHTSI 
Want to help represent students in 
cases against the administration, 
housing services, or campus police? 
The A.S. Is looking for ambitious, hard 
working IndMduals who would like to 
work at the Student Advocate's office. 
Come fill out an application on the 3rd 
1I00r of the Price Center. call Simran 
at 534-0478 for more info. 
SHOPPING SHUTTU! 
7pm: pick up at M8ISha\1 College 
7:05: pick up at Muir College . 
7: 1 0: pick up at Revelle College 
7: 15: depart for Albertson'. 
7:30: arrive at ~'i 
7:45: arrive at W.,.. CoIIeCI!t 
7:50: arrive at RoaHveII College , 
7:55: depart for Albertson'. 
8:10: arrive at AIbertMn'. 
8:15: depart for MeIatWI,MuIr,AeveIe 
8:30: an1ve .. R.veIIe College 
8:35: an1ve II MuIr College 
8:40: MIve II ~ CoI1ege 
8:55: MIve .. AIbeI18on's 
8:00: depart for W..,.Rooertllt 
8:15: MIve" W.",.,. College 
8:20: MIve II RooHYII College, 
c.II 1M A.S. ofIIcee .. 534 4450 for the 
apecIIIc pIck-up ~ .. yow College. 

N e'wsFlashes 
11 TH ANNUAL FFOG- FALL FESTIVAl 
ON THE GREEN 
Student Organizations and Leadership 
Opportunities (SOLO) presents a student 
organization festival featuring 
performances, demonstrations, and 
information from over 200 campus 
organizations. This year will also include 
the 2nd annual Vendor Preview Day, a 
BBO, and an afternoon concert. 
Friday, October 7 at the 
Sun God Lawn 
11 am-4pm: Student Organizations and 
Vendor Preview 
5pm-7pm: BBQ and free concert 
featuring Blacksmith Union. 

BALLROOM WELCOME DANCE 
Help the UCSD Ballroom Dance Club 
kick off the new school yearl Everyone's 
welcome: beginners. experts, and all 
levels in between. Beginning lessons 
will be held at 7:15pm. We have new 
music, the event is free, and no date is 
required. What more could you ask for? 
Thursday, October 13 in the 
Price Center Ballroom from 7-9:30pm. 

OLVA'S STORY: HUMAN RIGHTS 
VIOLATION 
The Bahai Club. Amnesty Intemational, 
and The World Unity Club present an 
event that reveals the story of ten years 
ago when 10 women were arrested in 
Iran because of their religious beliefs. 9 
of them were martyred and 1 was 
released. Olya has escaped Iran to tell 
the world of their sufferings. Come hear 
her flYe witness accounts of Human 
Rights violation. 
Thursday, October 6th at 7:30pm In 
Ballroom B of the Price Center. 
Free refreshments wll be served. 
FEEL THE RUSHI , 
Fratemlty and Sorority Fall Rush 1994 

PRE-MED CLUB ORIENTAOON 
All interested Pre-Meet students! Don't 
miss this opportunity to find out all about 
the different programs that the Pre-Med 
Club has to offer. Meet our officers and 
faculty advisor and find out membership 
information. 
Tuesday, October 4th at 7:00pm in 
Peterson Hall, room 110. 

WATER SKI CLUB BONFIRE 
Come join the Water Ski Club for a 
bonfire. Come by our table at FFOG for 
more information. 
Friday, October 7th at 8:00pm on 
Tourmaline Beach 
Questions? Call Scott at 457-8126 

FABULOUS PROGRAMS 
Student Leadership and Opportunities 
(SOLO) wants you to inspire the creative 
spark within and learn to program and 
plan events that will be fun, successful, 
and unforgettable! 
Wednesday, October 5th from 7-8pm 
Price Center, Gallery B. 
Questions? Call 534-0501 for details. 

CHESS GAMES 
The Chess Club of UySD has weekly 
meetings every Thursday to play and 
discuss chess. 
Thursdays at 7pm in the 
North Conference Room 
(Old Student Center) 
Questions? Call 452-8020 

MUIR COMMUTER COUNCIL 
Share in the glory of the majority, as we 
spend large sums of cash on, and for. 
you! Come with programming 
suggestions on 
Wednesdays at 4pm in the 
Half-Dome Lounge at Muir College. 
Questions? E-mail europe@ucsd.edu 

infonnation night on MUll COLLEGE COUNCIL 
Monday, October 3rd at 7prn in the Represent fellow Muirons and Tritons 
Price Center Theatre. as: Frosh Senator. member at large, 
Questions? Call 534-RUSH. representative to SOFB. UCAB. AS 
NATIONAL Co-Eo SEIMCI! Judicial Board, N3 Election Committee, 

. FRATERNITY- ALPHA P .. OMEGA or Sun God Commmee. 
JoIn the national CCHd seMcefratemityl Stop by TONIGH'!" 
"leadership Friendship and Service" - Mondays at 9pm 11'1 the 
that's our~. Come ~ our info night Half-Dome Lounge at Muir 
and see what we're all about. College. 
Monday, 0ct0ber3rd and Que s t ion 7 E - m a i I 
Tuesday. October 4th at 7prn in europe@ucsd.edu 
SoIls Hall, room 111. 
RUSH A1.PttA Ptl OMEGA 
Join the national COoed servioefratemityl 
Come by Our table at FFOG and find out 
what we're all about! 
Friday. October 7th from 
11 am-4pm on the Sun God Lawn. 
CHICANos/lAnN08 FOR 
CREATIVE MEDICINE 
C.C.M.iI sending a warm invitation for 
all students (especially first years) to 
join an organization that serves our 
community as an academic and ooltural 
support group. Come to our first general 
body meeting on 
Wednesday. October 5th at 6:30pm at 
MTF (Medical Teaching Facility). 
room 188 In the School of MedlcJne. 
A.I.N ......... 
AS. ,..... ..... '- procIuCed by lie 

~ : I. tid SIudenta 01 UCSO. SIudInt 
OIa-IIzaIIaI_!lllly ..... In ."'".....,.. by 

~ out the farm kaIed OUIIidIthe A.S. 
s.a_y'l0I'II0I on lit ani floor 01 the Prtct 
c.-. SUllnlllllone .. due ...:II Wedneeclay 
II noon for lit MId IIonday'8 edIIan. 

UNITED JEWISH 
OBSERVANCE LECTURE 
Rabbi Jeff will be lecturing at 
the Intemational Center on 
Tuesday. October 4th. 
For more information, call 
534-6244. 

STUDENT ORGS: 
NEED BUCKS? 
Contact the A.S. offices 
onthe 3rd floor to sign up 
for Co-sponsoring the A.S. 
film series on Tuesday or 
Thursday nights. 
Benefit from UCSO 
students' movie munchies! 
Qu8ltions? call 534-4450. 

A.S. Wu BE THERI!I 
W. wi! have a table at 
FFOG and rumor has It that 
there might even be some 
free glve-aways formpast 
A.S.evental 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE CAN 
BRIGHTEN YOUR FUTURE! 
Do you wish you had an impressive 
resume and terrific interview skills? ThE' 
AS Intership Office (ASIO) can help you 

-find what you're looking for with one of 
our local, state, or national intemships. 
They're open to anyone, regardless of 
your class level, GPA, or major. 
Come see what we have for you on the 
2nd floor of the Price Center or call 
534-4689 for more details. 
CANDLEBOX, FLAMING LIPS, 
MOTHER TONGUE 
A.S. Programming, Goldenvolce, and 
Fineline present the fir!3t Ballroom 
concert of the year!! I Don't miss it on 
October 8th at 8:00pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom 
Tickets are on sale now at the UCSD ~ 
Box Office. 
livE, FAnMA MANSIONS 
A.S. Programming, Goldenvoice, and 
Fineline present the next Ballroom 
concert that you should attend this year. 
You have 20 days to recover from the 
first Ballroom concert, so be there on 
October 28 at 8:00pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom 
Tickets are on sale now at the UCSD 
Box Office- Buy for the 8th &28th shows! 

REPRESENT UC STUDENTS To THE 
UC REGENTSI 
If this sounds like your calling, pick up 
an application at the AS. offices, 
EDNA, your College Dean's office, the 
School of Medicine Student Affairs 
office, the Chancellor's office, or the 
Graduate Students office. But hurry 
because the completed applications 
are due on November 4th! 

THE VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
IIVVC;1UIIJ you like to be mentor. a tutor 

and a friend to a 5th or 6th grader? 
Join Friends Understanding Needs. 

Come to our information meeting 
on Tuesday, October 4th from • 

8:00-7:oopm in the Santa Barbara! 
Los Angeles Room on the 2nd floor 

of the Price Center. 
Questions? Call 534-1414 



, .. 

,.. 

~ .. -

)! 

, ; . 

28 SPORTS The UCSD Guardia ..... y, October 3, 19M 

BY DESIGn 
JEFF LARSEN 

U' a VIrUS Can 
Beat Joe ... Tritons Picture of Perfection 

It's Joe vs. the Bolt come ' 
Sunday in an early season battle 

MIZUNO INVITE: UCSD women's volleyball team didn't drop a single set en route to the tournament title 
for supremacy in the AFC West. 
The Chargers carry an astonishing 
4-0 record into the game and have 
begun to tum some heads, but 
need that big win to convince 
people that they're for real. Joe 
fans beware: that win may very 
well come at your expense. 

Joe Montana 's the greatest 
quarterback of all time, a living 
god by almost anyone 's standards. 
He wears four Super Bowl 
championship rings and was 
named Super Bowl MVP three 
times. Now in his 16th season at 
the ripe old age of 37, he's still 
one of the NFL's top quarter-
backs. But even gods must 
sometimes adorn that woeful 
mortal coil of defeat. In week 
four, Joe's then-undefeated Chiefs 
were shut out .by the lowly Los 
Angeles Lambs. Sure, Montana 
had a cold, but I know of a 
quarterback who wouldn 't have 
let a measly cold shut him down. 

Stan Humphries got infected 
by a 300-pound virus wearing a 
black and silver uniform in the 
fourth quarter that Sunday as the 
Chargers took on the Raiders. 
That hit in the backfield resulted 
in what looked like a serious -
possibly season-ending - knee 
injury as Humphries crumpled to 
the ground. His errant pass, 
meanwhile, landed in enemy 
hands and eventually wound up in 

By Dan Kraft 
Co-Sports Editor 

This weekend, the UCSD 
women's volleyball team returned 
home for the first time ali season, 

putting on an 
impressive 
show for the 
fans who 
came out to 
enjoy the ac-

rr_-4-.... ....,' tion at the 
annual UC 
San Diego 
Mizuno Invi-
tational. The 
Tritons 
dominated, 
to say the 

least, as they dispatched all of their 
four opponents in straight sets en 
route to the title. 

UCSD's opening contest of the 
tournament pitted it against sorely 
overmatched Fontbonne College 
of Missouri. The Tritons were in 
control from the outset, smashing 
Fontbonne in the first game by a 
15-1 tally. UCSD then went to the 
bench in an effort to spread as 
much experience amongst the 
team's youthful core as possible. 
The Tritons' entire roster saw ac-
tion in two games of the match as 
UCSD cruised to the win. 

out to a 12-2 advantage before re-
laxing a bit. Christine Chi ensured 
there would be no miracle come-
back, however, when she pounded a 
stray pass by the Bulldogs to give 
UCSD the opening game win, IS-5. 

Game two started off sloppily for 
the Tritons who struggled to a four-
all tie early in the game. UCSD then 
found their offensive rhythm, and 
Redlands quickly lost control of the 
game and the match. The Tritons 
won game two 15-4, scoring 11 con-
secutive points and closed out the 
match by taking the third game 15-
3. 

"Redlands was a good game to 
get out of the way," Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik said. "It was the first 
game that we played in front of a 
Friday-night crowd, and we played 
really well to get the win." 

The Tritons' attack was led by 
eventual tournament MVP Julie 
Harvey, who racked up nine kills in 
the contest and amassed a .667 hit-
ting percentage in her two games of 
action. Outside hitters Angelle Cro-
chet and Madelyn Ripken, who pow-
ered UCSD's offense throughout the 
two-day event, each pounded home 
six kjlls against the Bulldogs. Cro-
chet also led the Tritons' with six 
digs in just two games. 

the Raider end zone. The Charg-
ers trailed for the first time all 
day. 

Games two and three also went" 
into the books with relative ease, 
15-5 and 15-4 respectively, in the 
Tritons' convincing home debut. 

UCSD's second matchup of 
the tournament was against 
Redlands University on Friday 
evening. The Bulldogs were hop-
ing that a big upset of the Tritons 

TIm Chenl au.ntItn 
Madelyn Rlpken'. perfonnance earned her ell-tournament bono,.. 

UCSD's opening match on Sat-
urday was against the seventh-
ranked Tigers of Trinity University. 
Although the final score wu yet 
another straight-set win for the Tri-
tons, the match wu clearly the hard-
est fought of UCSD's four victories 
on the weekend. Two minutes later Humphries 

limped off the field, too bold to let 
the stretcher-bearers do their 

would bolster their fading chances 
of making the NCAA field come 
year's end. UCSD barely allowed 

work. No one thought he would 
be I}ack on the field this game, but 
the damnedest thing happened. As 1994 MIZUNO INVITATIONAL 
the inexperienced back-up OB 
prepared to run out onto the field, 
Stan held him back arid limped 
out himself to lead his stuttering 
offense into Raider territory. 
Those dastardly Raiders must 
have sensed blood, and I feared 
for the life of this wounded 
mincemeat-to-be. I had to admire 
his courage - especially as poor, 
old Joe was probably wrapped up 
by nothing more imposing than an 
intimidatingly warm blanket by 
thjs time - but courage often 
makes a fool on the football field . 
Linebackers don't care much for 
courage, but they know a 
wounded quarterback when they 
see one. Wounded quarterbacks 
usually can't scramble, reducing 

See STAN, Page 22 

THE SCOREBOARD 
GAME 1 
Friday 9/30 
UCSD 15 15 h 
Fontt)onne IMOI 1 5 4 

GAME 2 
Friday 9/30 
l CSf) 1 ') I') 1 ') 

GAME 3 
Saturday 10/1 

U(~[) 1') 1') 1) 
Trl1lt,tlXI H <J 11 

THE FINAL 
Saturday 10/1 
UC:,U hI') 1, 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

M.·eSoccer: 
Today vs. Christian Heritage College at Triton Field, 3 p.m. 

W ...... • ... ecer: 
Today vs. University of La Verne at Triton Field, 4 p.m. 

Wed., Oct. 5, vs. Azusa Pacific College at Triton Field, 3 p.m. 

W_'. V.I.plll: 
Wed., Oct. 5, VI. Point Loma at Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

MIZUNO 
ALL·TOURNEY TEAM 
MVP Julie Harvey 
UCSD 
Angelle Crochet 
UCSD 
Madelyn Rlpken 
UCSD 
Helen Grossman 
Colorado College 
Ginnie Keller 
Trinity 
Caroline Vlasis 
Claremont COllege 
Merideth Sandherr 
Franklin & Marshall 

Rich YumuI/GuMlMn 

........... 

...... na: 
Tritons trounce 
UC Santa Cruz, 
6-0, but are 
shutout by 
Division I Cal 
Berkeley 
Bears, 4-0 

those hopes to rise before dealing 
Redlands a straight-set shellacung. 

In game one, the Triton,. stormed 
After coming out of the blocks a 

See MIZUNO. Page 23 

Chuck NMen/Gulldlll 
Sophomore ChrIItIne CIII' ....... ~ ..... nce In the mIdcIe 
played a key role In the TrItonI' .... p throu&h the MIzuno field. 

INIIDE: 

ero.. eoa.trr 
C ....... : 
UCSDwomen 
capture eighth 
place, while 
the Triton men 
arab fifth at the 
touCh Stanford 
Invitational 

w ....... 
... 0.: 
Triton water 
skIIng team 
dazzles with 
record-breaklng 
performancel 
at a Sec State 
WImHIp .... nt 


