
ELIEWHERE 

UClA Pr .. 1dent 
....... "omPost 
OAKLAND - Citing 
communication difficulties 
among organization board 
members, UCSA President 
Bryan Hannegan resigned 
Sept. 19 after only two 
months in office. UCSA has 
been the primary political 
lobbying entity for UC 
students. In a letter to UCSA 
staff, Hannegan expressed his 
disagreements with organiza-
tion board members and lack 
of confidence in him. "It was 
clear to me frop1 the very 
beginning that certain board 
members had their minds 
made up that my services 
were no longer needed for the 
students. " 

Berkeley Police 
ExpIInd with SWAT 
BERKELEY - Escalating 
urban violence prompted the 
UC Police Department at 
Berkeley to re-institute a 
Special Weapons and Tactic 
Team (SWAT) on campus. 
The new SWAT team has 
implemented black, military 
style fatigues and is armed 
with automatic weapons. 
SWAT team officers have 
practiced rescuing hostages 
from armed assailants and 
capturing barricaded gunmen. 
Approximately ten officers 
have been trained to be part 
of the special weapons and 
tactics group. The team will 
also service the community 

. surrounding campus. 

UC CMIpuMs Face 
stat. Audits 
Following allegations of 
inappropriate fundraising 
practices at UC San Fran-
cisco, all nil'll' UC campuses 
will face state audits. After 
internal audits of UC Berke-
ley and UCLA, the UC Board 
of Regents' preliminary 
report revealed several 
violations of conflict of 
interest laws and UC 
fundraising codes. 

INIIDE 

HEALTH 
OPINION:Propoaition 
186'a cure worae tban 
dUe.ae HI 

IPG.IS: Men's and 
women's soc:cer acore 34 
goals in four pmes 14 

INUX 

UOID BIUD'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN a IIOBBIS .••••••••.•••....•.• 2 
OPINION ••••••••••••.•.••••••••••••••••.•. 4 
RIA",s .................................. HI 
aASSD'IID8 ........................... 10 
SPOIlT!I ..••••.••• •••.•••.••••••••••....... 14 

T H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1994 VOLUME 83, I SUE 5 

Union Elections Tainted by UC 
UPTE: Officials 
criticized for 
election propoganda 
By ErIk JoIIaon 
Staff Writer 

University of California officials 
may be engaged in a campaign of 
deliberate 'misinformation regard-
ing upcomming union elections, 
according to union representatives. 

UC administrators are accused 
of attempting to dissuade UC tech-
nical employees from voting for the 

Union of Professional and Techni-
cal Employees (UPTE) as their sole 
bargaining agent in an upcoming 
union election. 

If elected, UPTE would have the 
responsibility of negotiating con-
tracts, including benefits and sala-
ries. Currently employees have no 
formal input on contract terms. 

In Ii Sept. 16 letter to UC Presi-
dent Jack Peltason, State Senate 
President pro tempore Bill Lockyer 
claimed that flyers sent by univer-
sity management to employees "can 
certainly be interpreted as mislead-

SCORE FEST 

ing, ifonly because of management's 
rather strange effort to disguise them 
as the union's own informational 
flyers." Lockyer added that these 
actions could be interpreted as "in-
timidation" and recommended that, 
"If the University cannot take a neu-
tral position in this election .... I 
urge that you at least consider can-
celing any further mailings." 

State Senator Nick Petros wrote 
Peltason a similar letter saying he 
felt that the flyers were "improper." 

Employees are free to join any 
union, but until the employees 

choose a single union as their bar-
gaining agent, no union will be able 
to negotiate contracts or grievances. 

According to Gayle 
Cieszkiewicz, associate director of 
labor relations at the UC Office of 
the President (UCOP), "We are try-
ing to make sure that the technical 
employees have full information. 
Our information may be different 
than that of the union, but we are 
trying to stimulate knowledge and 
information. We are not trying to 
persuade them to vote yes or no." 

See UPTE, Page 2 

Student Lobby 
Bill Vetoed by 
Gov. Wilson 
UCSA: Smith v. Regents prevents 
funding through mandatory fees 
By Jonna Palmer 
Senior Staff Writer 

(n yet another setback to student lobbying efforts al 
the state level, Gov. Pete Wilson vetoed Senale Bill 1931 
on Sept. 30, which would have allocated state funds in the 
California annual budget to support the University of 
California Student's Association (UCSA). 

The UCSA was formed jn 1971 as the official repre-
sentative of UC students before the Board of Regents and 
the executive and legislative branches ofthestate govern-
ment. The organization was funded by student fees until 
the Smith v. Regents decision was handed down by the 
California Supreme Court in Feb. 1993, barring the 
regents from collecting any mandatory fees for political, 
ideological or religious organizations. 

The bill, authored by Senator Tom Hayden, was ap-
proved by a 21-14 vote in the Senate and by 46-31 vote in 
the Assembly and would have authorized the UCSA to 
lobby the state legislature. In addition, "the bill would 
express the intent of the Legislature that the sole source 
of funding for purposes of this bill be appropriated in the 
annual Budget Act," according to the legislative counsel's 
digest. 

"We feel that the Smith decision in itself is very anti-
student," said Anne Blackshaw, spokeswoman for 
Hayden. "There is no UC student representation at the 
capital [now]." 

y*" Z~Off/It/GuMrJI." 

In a an explanation of his veto to the Senate, Wilson 
.said, "It would be inappropriate to use taxpayer dollars 
for this purpose. Students should be encouraged to raise 

UClD _'a tum IOOCef cellbratea OM 0114 .... MondIIr. See ..... 14. See UCSA, Page 2 

San Diego Transit May Downsize Service to UCSD 
BUS: Budget cuts 
force rescheduling of 
transportation system 
T .. ....., 
Staff Writer 

Several consecutive yean of bud-
get criJes bave forced the Metro-
politan Transit Development Board 
(MTDB) to implement service 
chan .. which will include the re-
lChedulina aDd reroutina in the San 

, Die., Traait bus lines servicinl 

UCSD. 
Ac:c:ording to Tim Price, senior 

transportation planner at MIDB, 
The proposed service changes 

would begin January and June 1995, 
and are likely to be an inconve-
nience to UCSD commuters, who 
may need to alter their bus routes. 

"We've bad major financial pr0b-
lems for the past three yean," Price 
explained, -and they are predicted 
to continue over the next two to 
three yean. We've done everything 
else we can find, other than to change 

the service. The main objective of 
these service changes is to save op-
erational costs without eliminating 
any services." 

The changes proposed in the 
MTDB Short Range Transit Plan 
for 1995 would cut annual opera-
tions costs by an estimated $600,000, 
Price said. He quoted the Metro-
politan Transit System's (MTS) to-
tal operational cost, including the 
San Diego Trolley and San Diego 
Transit bus lines, at $88.6 million 
for the 1994 fiscal year. 

COLOR USED 

The plan proposes to change most 
bus routes, including UCSD area 
Routes 30, 34/34A, 41,50/150, as 
well as the addition of a new Route 
21 from Mira Mesa. It targets routes 
with the lo~est ridership. 

The biggest change will be made 
on Route 34, which commutes ev-
ery 15 minutes between Downtown 
and University Towne Centre 
(UTC), passing through Ocean 
Beach, Mission Beach, Pacific 
Beach, La Jolla and UCSD. South 

See MJS, Pale 8 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardin 
Thunday, Oetober 6,1994 

. Library Overhaul In 
The Works at UCSD 

ETCETERA ... 
RENOVAnON: Three of the university libraries' 
construction plans are currently short of funding 

CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

By Beth SeclI.ck According to Kari Lucas, head 
Staff Writer ofthe Undergraduate Library, reno-

Students who are still at UCSD vat ions are necessary for the build-
in the year 2000 may see some sig- ing that houses the library, because 
nificant changes to the libraries on it is one of the older buildings on 
campus if the library system can campus. The building must be im-
find the necessary financial support. proved in order to house services 

The Undergraduate and Bio- such as a computer lab. "The way 
medical libraries we are now places 
both have plans for a lot of pressure on 
major renovations. our electrical sys-
University Library tem," said Lucas. 
(formerly Central Other problems 
University Library) with the Under-
plans to make mi- graduate Library 
nor adjustments and include an anti -
add several new ser- qua ted heating, 
vices. ventilation and air 

However, due to conditioni ng sys-
a lack offunds, plan- tem. According to 
ning has remai ned Lucas, the system 
in the preli minary stages. Bond is- is so out-of-date that replacement 
sues that would have provided sig- parts are no longer available. Better 
nifica nt funding fo r the libraries were ventilation is not only necessary for 
on last election 's ba llot but failed. the people but for the books as well, 
No bond issues for funding the li- Lucas said. 
braries are on the upcoming No- Oneofthe main problems facing 
vember ballot. the Undergraduate Library is over-

"You really don ' t start planning _ crowding.AccordingtoLuClS, there 
until you have the money you need," are state regulations that determine 
said Phyllis S. Mirsky, associate the number of square feet assigned 
university librarian. The Under- for staff, Jx>oks, and users. The Un-
graduate Library may be completed dergraduate Library falls short of 
by 1998 and the Biomedical library the regulations even when the space 
by 2002, depending on the avail- is doubled. 
ability of funds. The Biomedical Library is also 

Both the Undergraduate and Bio- overcrowded; some books are being 
medical libraries arc in buildings stored in the library annex. The Bio-
that, according to Mirsky, are "Ieft- medical Library will double in size 
over from a different time when as well if the hoped-for renovations 
[they 1 were used for different func- are completed. 
tions." Mirsky added that both li- The University Library, where 
braries are overcrowded and out-of- massive construction ended in the 
date. Spring of 1993, needs some finish-

The classrooms and the Oasis ing touches including addional fur-
program which currently reside in niture in the lobby and relocating 
Galbraith Hall with the Undergradu- the circulation desk. 
ate Library, will be moved to the The University Library is also 
new classroom building, doubling seeking funds for a proposed "Me-
thesizeofthe library. Galbraith will dia Central," which is an academic 
then encompass both a new theatre support service that would allow 
and the library. The building will be faculty to create multi-media in sup-
vaEated for a period of about 18 portive classroom instruction. It 
months as new space is created would be a combined effort of the 
through several methods, including library, academic computing ser-
knocking down walls. vices, and the media center. 

U CSA: Students 
must fund own lobby 
Continued from pale 1 
funds on their own." 

Wilson also pointed out thatCSU, 
UC Santa Barbara and UC San Di-
ego students are already raising 
funds on their own for lobbying 
activities. 

According to Hayden, however, 
"Currently no other state supported 
organization is required to raise its 

own funds for lobbying purposes." 
"The University of California has 

their own lobbies who are funded 
through tax payer dollars," said 
Blackshaw. "The question is what's 
fair here?" 

Blackshaw added that the legis-
lature would not give up on investi-
gating ways to fund the UCSA yet. 
"We feel that it is a real tragedy and 
completely undemocratic that this 
student organization is allowed to 
be taken away," she said. "The issue 
is not going to go away." 

/lie UCSOGllnlllnlI puIIIIIhIOMDlllllllIlldTlutdlllu-.IIII-**:,.. .. ..,farllll-
,jUCSD.lIepooldonol ttll_1II .., ......... 111 rIIr/Je'or ln-, ... ........,. 11 

1IIcaI~. Olgg,s , " __ . /lleOCSll_II IIl""-far"_,j 

G'~E K .. "ICE. ~1lE . ~Tci~. ~ \XII4'f 
~ to fIICE. OIl ~ \I9DI ~ 

Ql~ •• ~ ... 1\IREE •• 

011 . Gl!9.T t.L~ 
Of Pt.SSWE 
E~~RTt.'~~\ .. 

\ 

BRIEFLY ... 
$1.IM Granted To 
Science Education 

I 
UCSO has been awarded a $1.1 million grant from 

the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to be used to 
help educate the future scientists of America, through 
community outreach, undergraduate research and 
curriculum development. 

The community outreach aspect of the program will 
offer students from O'Farreli Middle School. Morse 
High School and Lincoln High School the opportunity to 
wall< closely with UCSD students and faculty in a 
variety of academic and research ventures. 

Each year 100 first-year students will be selected 
to participate In the research aspect of the grant. The 
first year's activities will include small weekly semi-
nars as well as priority entrance to enrichment pro-
grams on campus. The following year students will 
prepare for a future In research through special semi-
nars and a laboratory apprentice program. As juniors, 
the students will spend eight weeks in a laboratory 
working for a stipend with a faculty member. 

Interactive software for laboratory courses will 
make up the final portion of the grant. 

'Cost Effectlven ... of Preventive 
Me ..... Topic of LectIn 

The cost effectiveness of preventative medicine 
will be discussed in a lecture entitled. "Prevention, 
Policy and Paradox: What Is the Value of Future 
Health?" The lecture will be given by Theodore G. 
Ganitas, M.D., a UCSD family medicine specialist 
conducting research on healttH:are policy decision-
making. on Thur., Oct. 6 at 5 p.m. at the Garren 
Auditorium in the Basic Science Buildin&-

Drawing from anthropology. cognitive science, eco-
nomics. medicine, psychology. and sociology, Ganltas 
has begun developing a model of health care that may 
lead to an improved health care policy in the U.S. 

GREGG WRENN, Co-Sports Editor 
DAN KRAFT. Co-Sports Editor 

TEDD LADD. Associ.te Sports Editor 
JIFF HlDEL. HI.tus Editor 

YMOV ZOLOTOREV. Photo Editor 
CHUCIl NGUYEN, Associat. Photo Editor 

." LARSEN, Deslfn Editor 
DOMIlIC LOUIA, Grephics Editor 
WARRIN MO, ProdlIct/on Man., 
~~CII'''' T1II_ ........ lnfllllllcallldllpd .... CII'~. 
III ......... __ IN QIIIniDnI ,j /lie 0CSIl GoIMIIr\ IN ~ III CIIIIomII or l1li 

1WeOdIIIO~. /lie UCSO~II UIIIII ...... -..... .... boll $4IOI1JI 
IIMOII aT ... WIIIYIIIS: EIIIM c.muao. I\ar1In ~ lien Freund • .Jenny 
GM-c. Geye JohnSOn. Jonne Pllmer. o.vtcI S-, Cn ~I 

.'," 

UPTE: 
ContInued from pace 1 

Union representatives said, however, that the 
flyers the administration mailed clearly attempt 
to influence employee voting. 

Union organizer Libby Sayre said, "It's ex-
tremely disturbing to us that the university is 
waging such an aggressive campaign against the 
union. The amount of misinformation is amaz-
ing ... , They're paying tax dollars to keep us from 
unionizing." 

The Office of Labor Relations at UCLA has 
also hired the Baird Consulting Corporation to 
assist with the campaign. 

Examples of flyers include one that reads, "Do 
you want your terms and conditions decided by a 
small number of union activists?" 

Another flyer suggested that the union would 
be more likely to call a strike and then listed the 
possible effects of a strike, including loss of 
employment. 

According to Lindey Ooud, President ofUPTE 
at UC Santa Cruz, some of the flyers contain 
"outright lies." 

In a letter to university labor relalions, Cloud 
complained about a UC Santa Cruz administra-
tion flyer which claimed that the union "hu the 
right to make agreements on your [employees'] 
behalf, regardless of whether or not you agree 
with the union's position." 

Cloud said that while it is true that employees 
who choose not to join the union will not be able 
to vote in the union, it obscures the fact that "now, 
they have no way whatsoever to vote on the terms 
and conditions of their employment." 

The flyer also said that UPTE's national affili-
See UPTE, Page 7 

EdItoft8I: 534-e!580, NewI/FeItU ... : 534-5226, 
OpInion/Spona: 534-e!582, HIMUS: 534-e583 
.... 1neM omc.: 534-3468. f .. : 534-7881 DCIUQ ALEXANDER. Editor In Chief 

llMONI MIUIR, Copy Editor 
ALEXANDIR THIElEN, News Editor 

ANNA VAllMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCtICO DIVRID, Features Editor 

aT ......... : Erin AndMOn. Tom~. Dlbratllona_, _ o.Mnt/IeI. 
GIN FtncIII , John GocIfIer. DIn HIUII, 0enIII HUtSI. Melli .. ~, ErIk 
JonnIOn, Rail LftIIIIOII. CancIIce Mcfwtend. EJirllMllll Mec:MnlIe. MNtney 
M8IMI8CI. Jlnnlfef NICOlI. [lyR_I, 1IItU k_ •• Meor tIet/I s.dI ..... S\ephInIe 
sm-, DIn s....,. MerIInne VIllI . - WIII/I 
IUUlTllATOIII: MICIII CIlIft. MIIoe •• PeuI. lee. RIcII Yumul 

DII._~ JOlliffe. tItwnna L""em. PIuI. lee. tItIen K. Hutto 
I'IIOTOtIItAPM18: TlmOIIIy Chen. CII/IefIne Hirota. "-kII MuzIIIk 

UCSD QIIMfII .. , 9100 Gilman Drtve 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

AcIueIIcaIIon: s-.d floor. UCID IIIIICIInt c... .. iIdIIC ''''. 11m. 271 

'1'bunday, October b, 1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Voter Registration Drives Beef Up at tJCSD 
ELEcnONS: 
Organizers rush to 
meet Oct. 11 deadline 
By IIabetIt ....... 
StIIff Writer 

Iu the Oct. 11 deadline for regis-
tenns to vote in the November elec-
tion ~ effort. to boost the 
number of reptered ltudents have 
kic:ked into high gear. 

Jennifer Craig, vic:e president of 
external affaira and one of the orga-
nizers of the campus drive, cati-
~ted that more than 1,200 students 
have registered to vote during the 
last two weeks. 'lbil effort is part of 
a program throughout the UC sys-
tem and country called, "Students 
Are Voting Everywhere-
(S.A.V.E.). S.A.V.E. is designed to 
increase the traditionally low per· 
centage of college-aged Americana 
who are registered to vote. 

According to statistics from the 
1992 November election, between 
4S and S8 percent of 18·24 year-old 
registered to vote. The percentages 
of those who voted in 1992 within 

that age brac:ket stood between 36 
and 47 percent. . 

"In the past, [this age group] has 
not seen the reason to vote," Craig 
said. Together with several campus 
organizations, the A.S. is working 
not only to raise the number of fCI-
iatered voteraon campus, but also 10 
educate atudenta on the issues being 
decided in dais election. The effort 
is divided into three stages: voter 
registration, votereducalion and "get 
out the vote." 

As part of the tint stage, the 
A.S., in association with other orga-
nizations, is conduc:Uaa a contest 
between residence halls at each of 
the five colleges, awanting the hall 
with the higbeat number of regis-
tered voters a pizza party. 

Tablesfornon-partisanvoterreg-
istration are located at Revelle Plaza 
and the Price Center. 

In addition, both the Democratic 
and Republican parties have repre-
sentati\!es IOlicitng students, to reg-
ister potential voters for their re-
spective candidates. 

The Kathleen Brown campaign 
is not only trying to register new 

Now ENROWNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIlE 

s.vtng the UCSD ."..m1d1c8l community alnce 1_ 

* M.D.'S TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUruRE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT preparation &: medicalscbool application! 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MeAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 

academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, '" English Department 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• OBIGINAIO& not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
'13 WEEIS (150+ hours) of detailed in-c11SS instruction &: real MeAT 

lCIItin" problem solvin" readinglwriting wodsbops. review groups, 
med scbool application .t admissions strategies, &: tuloring. 

• _ PAGES of originaltakc-bome review notes, reading'" writing 
studyguides, MeAT &: admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, &: 
MeAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT IFSDNG for in-class &: take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs &: med students. 
• JV[QRJNG. pre-med library &: med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at \be UCSD Scbool of Mcdicillt 
• WWEB DJIDQN than other rognes. 

1~~liJn.'~Ul'~D 456·8488 
V I" (' .'Il ().\ II/( III n 
V 1"(' hn/ i/l\/{uc/U{.\ 
VI" (' hn/ lila I l'J'ia I, 
V 111(' hnl localio/l 
VIlle hnl n ,,,I!, 
V rill' lOll( ,I CO" 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

voters, but is also encouraging vot-
ers to vote by mail. A campaign 
worker said that such methods have 
worked for the Republicans. "Re-
publicans have been successful in 
getting unlikely votera to vote by 
matins it easier." 

After the Oct. 11 deadline, the 
next stage of the electionprocesa 
will be voter education. The Uni-
versity of Califonia Student Asso-
ciation (UCSA) sent a survey to all 
candidates requeatins their positions 
on issues important to college stu-
dents, such u fees, financial aid and 
course curriculum. The results of 
the survey will be distributed to stu-
dents. 

According to Craig, the UCSA 
and Political Action Coalition (PAC) 
will also circulate information about 
the positive and negative points of 
the various state propositions and 
how they may affect education in 
CaliforniL 

The third stage, "getting out the 
vote" will inYOlve making the loca-
tion of campus polling stations well-
known and staging a possible elec-
tion returns event on campus. 

B E 

Several key races and issues will 
be decided on Nov. 2, including the 
gubernatorial marathon between 
forerunners Pete Wilson and 
Kathleen Brown. Incumbent Repub-
lican Pete Wilson is running on a 
tough-on-crime, tough-on-illegal-
immigration platform. Democrat 
Kathleen Brown has promised to 
eliminate the state budget deficit 
and overhaul the welfare system. 

The race for the U.S. Senate is 

becoming heated as thegap between 
Democratic incumbent Dianne 
Feinstein and Republican Michael 
Huffington narrows. 

Of the many propositions being 
voted on at the state level, Proposi-
tion 187 has generated the most con-
troversy. Passage of this proposi-
tion would ban illegal immigrants 
from attending public schools, and 
receiving public social services and 
non-emergency health care. 

CASTING THE BALLOT 
votlna 

PercentaJn 

Below •• a breakdown of votln, and 
reatstratIon In the election of 
November 1992. All are In 
thou .. n •• 

Source: u.s. Buteau of tile Census. Current Population Reports 
Dominic lObbla/Gusrcilan 

PREPARED 
Prtparation begins with quntions md WWfn. Questions seem easy, but often don't get asked. 
We believe the earlier and mort often you ask questions, the sooner and better the answers. 
Who will write your letters of recommendation? 

Whidl of JOUr past, OImnt, or tutult profmon wiI write JOU 1K00001llfndationS~ Do they know JOUr inttnt1 
Lttltn aNIle frM dlrte IGtIrtel: I) Aademic Prvfs (often 2 Kitnee, I nonKitnce). 2) Rtltarch SOUrttl, an4 
J) CIilliallOdttr Pnltssionals. DtlllOllltrate J'lr COIIpttelKt, (OIIMitmtnt, illitiativt; and intt£rity. 

Where will you get your clinical experience? Will it involvt primary care? 
PrimiQ Un ",dKi" (fnily ",d, lllttrnai lied, ObIGyII. PHiatria, an. Geriatrics) il the area of ,tatnt 

~ IIttd, and uMenent4 CHIIIIUnitieS (olttn ItnId by dinia) han the greatest primary care need. 
WiI yea Itek out to", tr"" (2+ run) IIIt4icaI tlptritlKt in a dillic, hospital, prectptonhip, ttd 

Will you do research? Whose lab? What problems are you interested in? 
lDwerIt is often tedious aid sIow-goine. It IIakes • the ''''11m in tbt wortd if you are in a lab wit~ 
people yea I •• working 01 a proWtm dlat ucitrs yea. Get die faality actmtitl dirKtories lor tbt institutions 
fOIl In illtertsted in. Talk to grad students and postdOCl il YIIiacn labs before committing. Attend £fOIIP 
IIIHtings or jourmI dubs if you can. to Stt who's doing what, and no JOII -COIIlltct" with. 

How will you keep your grades up? How does each of your professors grade? 
What dots your p"lessor stltS! on his/her tests~ Tutl LKlUIlI An you awe the CXptrts (TA olice hn) 
to mitw tM tertldo extra pr~ms~ Do you haw old tests to pl1<tice with~ What is your study planl 

Who will prep you for the April MeAT? When will you begin? 
llasterilg the ApriIIlAT requilll hency in ill the fulldallleml (oncepts of fint-year physia, bio, gtnenl chtm, 
aM a ,lI0II deal of orpAic. How lone has it betn lina you bI thelt courstl? An tMIt any rough spots? 
Mat (GlInt wiI gin you tbt WI preparation? Cal anund 11K! compare. Our ;ntemin: 1S DlCctinc. I' wttk 
CPUnt =1' lanum 11th. but you an start rnitwit, with our HOIlif Prep Pid October list 

Be P repared. 

Come vlllt UII 
Man-Fri, 1oam-2pm 

Enrolling D2W for Apr '95 
MeAT Preparation. 

PROFESSIONAL 

PREP COURSE- Early Discount ends Oct. 31 
UViIIageProfCtr, .1131 V 
455-1000 800 MD-BOUND 

.ttt::1U .... _..-_I..-___ ~-~ 
~/I VLlt=1 ·,t=t::Il ., III I....., ~~ Iy: uca~~..;.UCIA J'm.rrsTIIE1TJGElmOSABOUl'THETJli." ~E /~-~-~-.l, 

COMING BOON TO 

( HILLCREST) 
Pickup the GUARDIAN at many Hillcrest locations 

.. rting Monday. October 10th 
c.alll' IF AM1IIIIIIIIft .. II .,..1 .. " ........ ., •• t.t ..at. 



.. OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItorllll 8o«rJ 

DOUGlAS AlEJCANDER, Editor In Chief 
ALEXANDER THIESEN, News Editor 

ANNA VAlSMAN, OpInion EdItor 
TIle IJCSD _ I. pubII_ twice • _ .. IIIe Uniwefsitr III CeIIIomIe. Sen .,...,. Contento 
01_. _ • ......-__ I ... 1ftIIiOritIt ..... 1Il1lle_ .. _ ...... eN ftOt 

-.eriIY _ Ill ... UC 80M! III II ......... ASUCSO. _1IIe _ .. --. 

RIMAe Fee Policy Adds 
Insult to Injury 

With a price tag of $33.5 million, the new RIMAC facility is an 
athlete 's dream come true, stocked with a multitude of basketball, 
volleyball and racquetball courts, a 5,OOO-seat arena. and a weight room 
nearly 10 times the size of the one at Canyonview. Despite its shroud of 
glory, the politics underlying the creation of this athlelic monolith are 
tainted to Ihe core. 

In 1989. when the original referendum calling for the creation of an 
athletic and events facility passed, it did so with a nominalSt .3 percent 
approval from the 2t .4 percent of the student body which showed up. 
Not only was approval and turnout extremely low. but only a small 
percentage of those who actually voted would have to pay for the 
facility . Most of the sophmores, juniors and seniors who vOled gradu-
ated before the $70 per quarter fee was to be assessed. 

In addition, the polling locations for the referendum were also 
questionable. One was situated outside the Main Gym and another 
inside the Canyonview athletic center - obviously ideal locations to 
attract sports-minded students. At Canyonview. a chalkboard used for 
posting alhletic events had "Vote for RIMAC" scrawled on il. 

Student leaders at the time pushed to have the deeply flawed election 
overturned, but RIMAC nevertheless passed and is now in its final steps 
of completion. 

The fee mechanism behind RIMAC is beyond suspicion. as well. 
While students are assessed a mandatory $70 per quarter, faculty and 
staff have the option to buy membership for only $50. The administra-
tive reasoning behind the discrepanc), is faculty and staff would shy 
away from the offer if the fee were too high. Given an option, students 
would no doubt shy away from the fee as well. 

But the wrongdoing doesn't stop there. Any non-affiliate of the 
university may use the facility for a mere $75 per quarter, and the only 
student compensation administrators are currently willing to consider 
is to restrict access hours for faculty, staff and non-affiliates. 

Despite RIMAC's organizers' intentions, it is not likely to be the 
university's new student mecca, either. Perhaps the initial awe of the 
facilities will attract denizens of students. but after its novelty wears off. 
UCSD will just house an oversized and under-utilized Main Gym luger 
than any of its kind on the West Coast. 

Having the athletic facilities ofRIMAC's magnitude is something of 
which to be proud. but the university cannot financially support all the 
extra concerts, speakers and events which administrators have prom-
ised will be attracted by the top-notch facilities. Off-the-cuff remarks 
made by personnel in the recreation department agree RIMAC will not 
hclp UCSD's intercollegiate program, either. 

A.S. President Carla Tesak has thankfully taken up arms against the 
imminent fee mechanism. but she must be tenacious with her endeavor 
to equalize the costs between students, faculty and staff. If she isn 't, 
administrators won't give a second Ihought to carrying out the current 
plans. 

Administrators, from as far up as the UC Office of the President, 
have again decided to flagrantly spend public money. this time on a 
nonessential facility during a time when the quality of a UC education 
is sliding downhill. It is a relatively easy decision to make, since their 
own personal assets are not at stake. Students. on the other hand. who 
earn considenlbly less than the cushy salaries of administrators, must 
sometimes count pennies just to pay the rent. They don't need the forced 
$70 per quarter fee which RIMAC demands. 

The bottom line was summed up eloquently by A.S. President Carla 
Tesak: "It seems like whenever there is an error, students are used to 
patch it up." 

Thumbs Down to the 
A.S. Council ... 

.. .for spending upward of$lO,OOO on oomputer. equipment for alternative 
media, only to let it fall into disrepair. After alternative media waited nearly 
a year for the A.S. to order and install the new equipment (the removable 
hard drive still hasn't arrived), the A.S. and Randy Woodard, the alleged 
director of alternative campus media, have done very little to ensure that it 
works properly. _ 

Currently, one of new oomputers and the new, $5,000 printer are both 
down, making it impossible to publish. newspaper. 80th 1M KOGIa and 
the Last INiicawr have been effectively blocked from JCUing their publi-
cations on the news racks. But despite multiple requests from individuals 
to fix the equipment, the A.S. has, as of yet, done nothing. 

This is intolerable. Thou", Media Commissioner Bik-na Park has 
recently resigned, throwing a few obstacles in the A.S. 'spath, this is hardly 
absolves it of responsibility. Ironically, it would take very little effort to 
resolve the problem: a small amount of money and a phone call to a 
oomputer repair shop would do the trick. Too bad the A.S.·s intemal 
problems aren't so euily IOlved. 

The UCSD Caardiaa 1'hunda,. 0ct0b.6.19M 

PINION 

CHEAP PROPOSITION W OUID 
CHEAPEN OUR MEDICINE 

COMMENTARY: Although California's health-care system needs revision, 
Proposition 186's cure is worse than the disease 
ByO_Reac 
ContributitW Opinion Write, 

With the dual problems of lack of ooverage and 
runaway costs, health care hasbecomea hot topic. Noone 
in Sacramento seems to agree on the best solution to thia 
serious problem, but nearly everyone agrees the current 
situation in California is unfavorable. 

Proposition 186, potentisllegislation on the Nov. 8 
ballot, would replace all private health insurance with a 
new state agency - which would be 
headed by an elected health oommis-
sioner - and subsidize residents' 
medical costs. Califomians and busi-
nesses would no longer pay insurance 
premiums, but would instead pay in-
come and payroll taxes upward of 8.9 
percent to the agency. 

the overall quality of medical care in California. 
The current system has its flaws. But just because the 

situation is already bid, doesn't mean it can't set WOJSe. 
Giving the responsibility of health-c:are adminislration to 
bureaucrats in Saaamento is like giving a group of kids a 
12-pd of beer and tossing them your car keys: You 
know they're destined for a catastrophe. 

What advocates of Proposition 186 don't reveal to the 
public is the state would mandate businesses to pay for 

One of the biggest problems with 
health care in the (l(,lden State is bu-
reaucratic overspending. Hospitals 
spen4 20 percent of their revenues on 
admiilistration, and private insurers 
spend over 25 percent. Advoc'llel of 
Proposition 186 argue the proposition 
would merely change the system of 
financing. By reducing waste, it would . 
cover all citizens and allow ~ care: 
to become more affordable. 

Glvlllllthe 
responsibility of 
heaIth-car. 

insurance - up to whatever amount 
the state would demand. This would 
aipple many small-to-medium-sizcd 
businessesby roducingtheircasbt1ow, 
if not forcing them into bankrupt.cy. 
Considering most pcopIe are employed 
by small- and medium-sized compa-
nies, legislating this proposition could 
lead to dislocatioQ, becauseany incen-
tive to hire part-time employees would 
be eliminated. So, Californians will all 
have health care, but won't havejobs. ' 
But the proponents forgot to mention ' 
this "minor" detail. 

Another item advocates of Propo-
, sition 186 don't reveal to the public is 
its parallel with the Canadian health-
care model. The Canadian systeni, 
which has long been the butt of jokes 
among Californian physicians, is un-
reliable. 

. However, Proposition 186 is· de- . 
ceptive. It is a simple solution to a 
complex problem and is bISed on two 
faulty presumptions. The first is p-
ernment is more intelligent and' can 
choose better than individual consum-
ers ,within a free-market system. The 
second is slate government can admin-
ister health care more etJ'JCientJy than 
the private sector. This second pre-
sumption is particululy ridiculous. 

Since when has the government 
been able to replace the free market? If 

'1IIImInlstratiOll . 
to bur..cr.ta 
In Iacramento 
I. Ilk."". 
"'OIIP or Idds • 
121N1Ck of beer 
andtol.l ... 
themyourc. 
ke, .. 

If picking a number in a hospital 
lobby orenter"ingaSUlFY"Iottery" to 
have an operation -which an Idmin-
istratordeenw a -non-emerpncy"-
is an intellipt and accepIIbIe health-
care alternative, then Proposition 186 
is the perfect IOlution. 

BeIidea deluding the public about 
the IOYemment'I ability to c:Iiooae 
better than consumers, advocateI alIO 
claim Propoiition 186 win make the 

Proposition 186 passes, it could set a precedent, which 
CXJUId continue the evolution of socialized medicine, until 
it finally destroyed the medical field in this country, once 
and for all. 

Advocates claim the proposition would make modi-
cine cheaper. Instead, it would cheapen medicine, turning 
all hospitals and doctors' offICes into statHervice milia. 
This would sever doctor-patient reIationIhipIlIId lower 

healtb-c:ue system more ~ lowering COllI for all 
Californians. For inIaance, a model flmily offoureamin& 
$45,000, with 80 percent of its illlUJUlCe paid by an 
employer, ipendI SI,8S0 per year on .... care. If 
PropoIition 186 ...... this fiaure would be reduced to 
Sl,l25,asavinpofonly$72S peryear,orroup!y $60 per 
moath. 1bia is a small price to pay to eaRn proper health 

see NUL,.., Pace 6 

'l'hunday. Oetober 6. IY!H OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Although General Colin Powell is currently riding a wave of popularity, no one seems to know anything 
substantial about his background, political views or party affiliation 

No MORE POLITICAL CHEERLEADING 
By INnt JGIInMn 
ConrrtbutltW OpInion WI1te, 

Fonner chairinan of the Joint 
0Uefs of Staff. Colin Powell. is CW'-

~y enjoyins a priviJese few play-
ers on the political sraae can claim: 
He's popular. He's so popular.IJUll)Y 
people have decided thai he is fit to be 
president. because popularity is whaI 
carries candidates to the Oval Office 
nowadays. 

MIRy joumaIisascite the foIIcJwiDJ 
reuoDS wby PoweJ] is the perfect CID-
didIte. He is the child of immiglut 
puaD. was bon in Harlem IDd railed 
in the BIOM. risilllibove aD CJIMtacIea 
IIIdlivin80U1theAmericanDlam; he 
led U.S. forces ..... 1rIq and CIIIIe 
out vic:foriouI; be is a milituy fiauIe, 
which suppoaedIy makes him ID II-
tlaClive lltemllive to "profeuiolllJ 
poIibciIDs;" he lads in munerous IR" 
IimiDIIy poDs; and he wouJcI spit the 
Democrltic Party by IltnIcbnS wtes 
from its black-base constituency. 

A delllOCl'lllic: amsultant in 1M 
NIantic reveals the political worId's 
aaitude toward PoweU: "His pocential 
as a JIf""iden'i'l CIIIdidate is IIliJ» 
boJ8Iin8. On paper. if be sot the Re-
publican nomiMion, I don't see how 
the DeIDOCl1lb could win. " 

So what exactly makes Powell an 
aaractive C8J1Cfidate? Noone seems to 
know. What does he believe in? What 
does he willt fur the United Slates? 
ADd, perbIpI most revealing. what is 
his party affilillion? 

The pras doesn't raise any issues 
IDI discuss any of PoweU' s posiIions 
bec:Iuse. publicly. PoweU has none. 
No one even knows whether he's a 
Democ:nt or a Republican. thoush 
I11III)' presume he will lUll m the 
RepubIicIn Iicket However. the only 
political iuue foweD .. taken a 
Slancem is a ~oppoIition to 
bomoiexuaJa in the militaly. Hmm. 

Aa:ordina to a recent c0mmen-
tary in thia pIIICI'. military Ieadera 
JIIIb JI'eIl ~ The IUIhor 
poinIed OUI thai faI aut 01 41 pai-
-. have been senenJs, IDI every 
major wv has procb:ed a wv hero 
who later became a president -
GeorJe WashinJlOn, Andrew Jd-
son.ZacbaryTayJor. UlyaesS. aru.. 
Teddy Roosevelt and Dwight D. 
Eiaenhower. 

However. of the six. only Wash-
inston has a "spotless" record. ~ 
ducing Andrew Jackson, father of the 
popularity contest for president. And 
Zachary Taylor. Uhm, who?Let·snot 

~? ~p 

....... ofthe 

....... .... ow.l ... o 
mllllallty, pl •••• 
He'. not perfect. 
Poweiliso 
popu-today 
bee ••• nobody 
know. anything 
8bout 111m. 
forget Ulysses S. Grant. too befuddled 
to lead a healinS country. Teddy 
Roosevelt, the founder of modem 
presidential muscle. And Ike. builder 
of the modem militaryoomplex. finnIy 

established the United States as it gJo.. 
baJpolice force. Military leadersdon't 
always make great presidents. 

Military presidents are just as fal-
lible as any other president. and just as 
capable of involving our nation in 
acti vities not necessari Iy good for us. 
The idea that war-hero presidents are 
somehow better is nonsense. 

But the press has had practically 
no adverse publicity concerning 
PoweU. CouJd it be he's the real thing? 
Not exactly. When something does 
show up. it is apparently covered up 
prdtyquicily. Such was the case when 
David Com writing in 1he NQJion. put 
two and two together and discovered 
Powell had lied to the irani Contra 
Consressional committees in ] 987. 

Amlrding to Com, ..... PoweU. who 
had been a senior aide to Weinberser. 
said he did not know ifhis boss kept a 
diary. In 1992, after the existence of 
the diaries was made public. he save a 
sworn statement in which he described 
the diaries in great detail." Corn pr0-
ceeds to describe how CNN senior 
officials pulled the segment about the 
discrepancy at the last minute. 

"No other major news organiza-
tionpickedupthestory. When Powell 
recently won a $6 million contract for 

Write for Guardian Opinion 
For more information, please call 534-6580 

$1 COLLEGE BEERNIGIIT vv.~.V&:.o PIZZA &: PITCHER SUNDAY 
for food AU t .... MicruIIr ...... 

10m us. $1 ..... 7 pm , • All Pizzas $5 
drink specials! .·_ .. ' ............. tl ...... ..,.-'· AIl48-0z. pitchers each 

441S' Mission Blvd. 
CorMr oIM11eiGa. GUDtt fa SeaCout Sq ..... 

Free parkiDlotrHomIthmd 274. ALES 

Dr. John MCDoNAL.D 
HOuRS: MoN.-FRI. 10-6, SAT. I()'S 

$ 64 complete· lo_h6l.amb 
DoIlU &Oft len... IofIIpIn 

$~~com~e~·~~ 
Bxtended 80ft I8nMe 
*COMPLETE EXAM INCLUDES: 

• CARE KIT 
• STocK MYPOIC LENSES 
• 3O-DotIY FOLLOW-UP 

_C? TI'''' __ 
D& " •• 
279-5151 

Th's .. rn y H1·e .. cI~J 
i~ Q, wreck'~ 

BoJ). t 

SDSU 
• c.IIIt c... liD{ 

fU-1151 
... 

_='w. 

his memoirs. the time seemed right to 
try again. and a producer at ABC was 
interested. But when this producer 
pitched the idea to higher-ups, the 
bossesdeclined. Unless you have foot-
age of Powell knocking over a bank. 
forget it. He is too popular a role 
model and. in Washinston. too good a 
source and too prized a dinner guest. 
Those who plunk down money for his 
autobiography ousht to be reminded 
the man is slippery with the truth. 

So Powell's record is not squeaky-
clean. after all. 

Enoush of the nI-nl-so-Powell-go 
mentality, please. He's not perfect. 

Powell is so popular today be-
cause nobody knows anything about 
him. One reason we don't know any-
thins about Powell is thai potential 
stories and reports are deleted before 
publicationbythefewhisher-upswho 
have something to gain from protect-
in8 Powell. But perhaps thaI·s the 
way it is here in the land of the free. 

UnfOltullately. most people are IlOl 
willing. and in some cases not able. to 
discem a potential problem. Discov-
ering the truth falls upon the shoulders 
of the people of the United States to 
think critically and clearly. and read 
between the lines. 

... latdci", 
b.rls ka.i to 

Sl"'~I;tt ~"S 
~1aI~ dOll ... 
Lila .lIs, fa, ilS~"(f.. 
I.. tw~ OCI. i+-
S'tmbolilt~ prittS 
COlli", dDIIW\. 
W .. ~ clu,tI. 
~o·,o ,. dow ... 
-- .-- -

... ... 931'-'_ 
G51S1 



6 OPINION 

HEALTH: 
Private insurance 
still the best bet 
ConUnued from pac. 4 
care. 

However, the tate government 
cannot do the job more efficientJy in 
the flJ'St place. It will replace the cur· 
rent aggregate bureaucracy, which is 
composed of private insurers, with 
one standardized state·run bureau· 
cracy. This is frightening. Once state 
health-careemployees get entrenched, 
they will represent a very powerful 
lobby in Sacramento. So once Cali-
fornian discover the problems with 

stale-run health care,they might not 
be able to get rid of it 

When you lake into consideration 
California's other Slate·run spend· 
thrifts, like the welfare department, 
CaI·Trans and the Department of 
Motor Vehicles, it's not difficult to 
see the quality of health care will 
plummet if the proposition passes. 

The truth is any health care legis· 
lation is bound to be controversial 
because of problems with coverage, 
ever·increasing costs and the per· 
sonal interests of bureaucrats in Sac· 
ramento. California's health-care 
system needs change, but it doesn't 
need a total overhaul of the pri vate 
insurer system. 

Doyouthink 
these opinions 

are crazy? 

Then write sonte 
of your own! 

For more infonnation, 
call 534-6580 

"125 ears 0 excellence' 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

Whether you're an underJnduate 
or vaduate student, Citibank has a 
student loan to meet your needs. 
If you're short on funds this semester. you're 
not alone. During the 30 years we've been 
in the student loan business. students have 
often told us that they need extra money 
during the course of the semester to pay for 
tuition, books. and other expenses. If this 
sounds familiar, you can count on Citibank, 
the nation's Number One student loan 
lender, to provide you with the best financial 
aid products and services with these 
important benefits: 

I need a student loan now! 

Tbunday, October 6. 1994 

• No payments while you are in school 

• Low interest rates 
• Loans for students of all incomes 

• Monthly payments as low as $50 
• No penalty for early repayment 

• You don't have to be a current Citibank 
customer to qualify! 

The faster you respond, the faster we can 
get you the funds you need. Or call us at 
1-800-691-8100, ext. 594. Call today, 
and we'll get an application out to you the 
next business day! 

Yes! Send me more information and an application for the following Citibank student loans: 
o All Federal Stafford Loans 0 Federal PLUS Loan o Citibank Graduate Loans 
(for undergraduate and graduate students) (for parents of dependent students only) Field of interest ___ _ 

NAME I\DOI\B\ ____________ N'T. 

OTY ____________ STAT£ ____ lIP ____ TEUPHONE ______ _ 

Mall this coupon to: Citibank (NYS) 
P.O_ Box 229<48 CI71BAN(CJ Sf! ./~ Rochester. NY 1<4692-7085 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------~ 

'I1Ie first av. 
........ 
8CtuaI1y .. for 

III ....... 
ucso Guardian ~ 

can 534-3466 

or SA"". Ytiflt .~t\!.._ 
.• ., .... '1' .. au cu'ia. 
IOO~ COIlon T·wn m1 bum~r Slider 

Total price: S12.9S + S~.OO SotH 
"MEXeMCeVtSA 

To Order. C.II-lO-I-JJI - 1177 or Mail Check 
Limcric~ •. 2~11 ~""""" R_ 
Sui", [).l:!O. AI ....... GA JO.109 
st>«,ry 51_. SilO ... o--ily 

Thunday. October 6, 1994 

UPTE: 
c ................ 2 
.... ComBiunicatioD Workers of 
America (CW A), "could require that 
a local union take bargainiaa posi. 
tiolll (that are] iocolllistent with tho 
desire of employees." According to 
UPTE's agreement with CWA, 
UPTE has final authority over all 
nes<>tiatiODS. . 

Cieszkiewicz responded to the al-
legations by saying, "The University 
hu no iDtention of providing incor· 
rect information to its employees, and 
I regrctany overaiJht made in chirac· 
terizing the relationship between 
CW A and UPTF/CW A Loc:aI9119." 

According to Tom Debley, 
spokesmanfortheUCOP, individual 
campuses "are provided with lan-
guage" for employee mailinp, "and 
if they deviate from that they are 
supposed 10 check with us to make 
lUre it', appropriate." 

While employees at some cam-
puses have received as mlDy as six 
flyers from the administration, 
UCSDtec:IIIIic:aI employees received 
their first mailing Tuesday from 
aw.c:ellor Ricbard AtkilllOn. 

In the leiter, Atkinson wrote,'''ln 
my view, neither the univeraity nor 
its employees will benefit from ex-
clusive representation, " adding that 
employees "have been well served 
by the direct, informal relationships 
which exist between [employees] 
and the university." 

Included with Atkinson's letter 
was a flyer written by the "Commit-
tee Supporting a 'No Representa-
lion' Vote," mailed in an envelope 
from the UCSD Department of Hu-

IDIJl a.oun.. 
DuieI M ..... diredorofUPTE 

at UCSD, IIid ill a recent Jeaer to 
UCSD LIbor ReJatioDI that he is 
"disturbed that UCSD is providiDa 
_iItaDCC to the 'Committee' that it 
is DOl providiaa to l1PTE .... (it] is a 
clear, Wlfair labor prac:tic:e charge 
- ualeas you intend to mail UPTE 
literature to every eligible tec:hnic:al 
voter through campus mail." 

Martin aIIeps that uaivenity rep-
reaeatatives have allO violated other 
regulatioas of tile HiafJcr Education 
Employee-Employer Relations AI:;t 
(HEERA) whic:b govern tbe dec:-
tioL Michael Melman, tile IlWllger 
of labor relations at UCSD, uid that 
two univenity managemeat employ-
ees partjc:ipated iD a uaiolHqaniz-
iag mectinl aad repeatedly illlisted 
that uDder unioll represenuoo. em-
ployees woald be '"forced todotbiDp 
they doD't wlDl to do." 

Martin IIicI this clearly violated 
HEBRA auideli ... as weD II a 
supervisor's brief ... by tho ucsi> 
buai .... affairs offICe which, said, 
"You may not attend rank-and-file 
union meetinp, or atteDd union or-
pniziaa rallies aod meetinp wbic:b 
are inteaded to recruit technical em-
ployees." 

Jerilyn Gelt, of the Public Em-
ployee Relations Board, which will 
administer the election, .said it is 
impossible to determine if violations 
bave occurred because tbey are 
bandIed on I "case-by-case basis." 

If UPTE wins the right to repre-
sent employees Ihey will also be 
able to renegotiate the employee 
grievance procedure, which one 
technical employee said is currently 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

"extremely ltIded ia favor of the 
univenity." 

AalorcIitIa to MeImaa, ' if em-
ployees c:urready ao to a third-party 
arbitntor to resolve pievaDcel, 
'1'bat decisioD is biDdiaa. uaIeIs 
it's a case of disc:rimination." 
MelmaD added dial "If tho employ. 
ees chooee UPTE in this eleaion, 
that precludes them from dealing 
with the university directly." 

However, according to UC Staff 
Personnel Policies, the decision of 
an arbitrator is bindilll only in the 
case of corrective action, dismissal 
or layoff. All other arbitrator deci-
SioDS are "advisory." 

Union represeatativCl also point 
to the cue of UCSB employee Rob-
ert Perko, wbowasawuded a $4000 
grievlllCl by a third-party arbitrator 
which UCSB refused to pay. ID-
stead, UCSB paid Perko 20 percent 
of the award. 

Perko later wrote that his case 
providod "clearevidence that a unioD 
contnct would provide protection 
which UC Staff. PersoDnel Policies 
do not." 

UCSD technic:al employees "ve 
expreued mixed feelinp. "I think a 
lot of people are afraid of the union, 
because they don't know about it," 
oneelec:tronics technician said. "I'm 
neither here nor there. But maybe 
next time the chancellor wants to 
come down here and cut everythiDg, 
it will give people some rec:ourse." 

Ballots for tbe UPTE election 
must be received by Nov. 14, aDd 
,allying will begiD tbe following 
morning. 80th the union aDd the 
administration are UrgiDg aU techni-
cal employees to vote. 

How to 
interview 
.withthe 

-Fa e500 
without even 

• 

out 
OK, graduate-lo-be. you can get up early or you can get CareerlNEr' 

Its simple: You give us your resume in a personal profile on the disk we 
provide. And we guarantee to deliver it to 10,000 employers (including 
the Fonune 500) in exactly the fonn they're looking for. Your CareerlNET 
~nrollment kit-:-a preprogrammed disk and a booklet of step·by-step . 
mstructlons-1S $99 .95~ To be in the next nationwide distribution to 
employers, order today. Call1-BOO-682-8539. . 

l .111\'/~ 
......... Ior """"'" _ ~ 

NEWS 7 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OmCE 

James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 
General, Pn.'ventOlti\'c. and Cosmetic Services 

Rrl .. l:ttl./rkHlIf:r D' .. ""'IY' .1If/.lxr .4IlA. ellA •. \llCJ)S 
L\ IOLIA VIWGE PlDFESSJONAL CENnl 
8950 VlW L\ JOUA 01., sum 2103 
T., FI .. r. /1111 b,IIi/1i1 ,bl E/"bu, Bnr 

558·3490 
Ertl/ill,.lIS & S.,rmln! 

A,,.ill'lIIf"'S Arni/ .. I, 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with any 

academic project! U$ GRANT$ funds projects for 
all majors. If you have any questions, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 

WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 
FOR FALL '94 GRANTS 

DEADLINE FRIDAY, OCT, 7 AT 3 PM 

RANTS 

ATfENTlON ALL COMPUTER USERS 0-
FIRST TIME BUYER5. .. 

OVER 1,750 PENTIUM, 486, 
MACINTOSH, COLOR NOTEBOOKS, 

DISK DRIVES & PRINTERS 
-----F R 0 M-----

APPLE, COMPAQ, AST, H-P, AMBRA, 
DAUPHIN, ACER & OKIDATA! 

(MANY NEW, FACTORY-DIRECT WI WARRANTY.) 
llam,SAr, ocr 8 • SAN DIEGO 

8929 Am Dr. e/nspm 1iY1, 1O-6pm 
FOR BROCHURE CALL: 800-85 GREAT 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardia. 

•• lu.rIcIII •• d, •• 
The Art of Scientific Computing 
Second Edition 
""" .... H. "..., 1Wv .... u..ov. .... 
$MIl A. r __ oIdy, Cornell .....".. .. t, 
,.,,,,.,,. r. ~ .......... c.,....atIon 
.".,. II. "-r.liely, Exxon •••• Inh .................. CoaIpMy 
With o~[ 100 new routina brinpng me roal to well O\IU 300, pl_ upsnded 
versions of me original routines, the new edition mnaiJu the /DOlt practical, 
comprehensive handbook of ICientilic computing available today. 

Thi5 indispensable reference introduces some more advanced topics, including 
material on Multigrid and other methods for solving partial dilmcntial equations. 
improved random number routines, Wavdet transforms, and the ,tarinical 
bootstrap memod. New chapters have been added to ind~ information on "Iea-
numerical" algorithms including comprcaion coding and arbitral)' precision 
arithmetic and on integral equations and invellC methods. 
C: 1992 1024 pp. 43108-5 Hardbadc $49.95 
FORTRAN: 1992963 pp. 43064-X Hardback $49.95 
These Numerical Reci pes products are also 
available: 

i c EJuIIIt .... IIeok 
I Second Edition 

1992 336 pp. 43720·2 S29.95 

FORTIUUI ......... IIeok 
, Second Edition 

1992 253 pp. 43721 ·0 S29 95 

In the Second Edition, all the source codes from 
Numerical Recipes plus all test programs from 
the Eumple Book are ava ilable in one diskette. 

DlskettIH hi C 
IBM 31/2 " (1.44M): 199243724-5 S39.95 
MaCintosh (800K): 199243715-6 S39.95 
..... ettIH .. POIITRAII 
Second Edition 
IBM 3112" (720K) 199243719-9 $39.95 
Macintosh (800K): 1992 43716-4 $39.95 

Pain reliever/Fever rill .. 
IlllCATIOIS: For the tArnftftl':!ll1nl 
minor aches and pains assOCI. 
Common cold, headache, tOOl1. 
cular ac~~s. backache, for the 
of arthritiS, for the pain of 
cramps, and for reduction of 1MII~; 

CAMBRIDGE 
UNIVERSITY PRESS 

40 West 20th Street. 
New York, NY 1001 1 -42 1 1. 

SUMNER'S OVER. 
Thank goodness there's Advil~ Advanced medicine for pain~ 

__ iIM>nlIen. Uoeorly .. _ . 0 1994 -.. ~ _ .N! 

Thunday, Oetober 6,1994 

BUS: 
Continued front ..... 1 
of La Jolla, the route will remain 
unchanged, but because of low rid-
ership, buses between La Jolla and 
the VA Hospital will run every 30 
minutes starting in January. 

Route 34, the V A Hospital to 
UTC loop, will now only run the 
southern portion through La JoUa 
Village Square and take over the 
northern part of the Rou,e 34 V A 
Hospital to UTC loop. "We know 
there's a lot of student housing in 
the area," Price said. "The service 
really wouldn't change." 

Price pointed out that Route 30 
would be rerouted to help service 
ilKlOnvenienced riders of Route 34. 

Riders using th~ northern seg-
ment of Route 41, however, will 
have to use Route 301. Route 41 
will be disconinued west of Gilman 
Drive, decreasing the frequency of 
buses 00 North Torrey Pines Road. 
from four to two per hour. 

There are, however, some posi-
tive changes for UCSD commuters, 
according to Price. A new Route 21 
is proposed to run during hours from 
Mira Mesa along Interstate 805, 
ending at UTC. 

In June, Route 150 will become 
bidirectional to handle the inc::rease 
in "reverse commuters," those trav-
eling out of downtown in the morn-
ings and back in the evenings. 

Route 50 is proposed to drop 
service west of UTe. It currently 
loops to the V A Hospital and back 
to lITC, which Price said is a low 
ridership segment. 

The MillB hired the consulting 
firm Transportation Management 
and Design this past summer to come 
up with service changes wbich could 
"reduce operating costs with the least 
possible impact to riders," as the 
proposal reads. 

The new evaluation compared 
time of day and different segments 
of routes to determine ridership lev-
els. "The new approach is the main 
thing that led to the whole list of 
changes," Price stated. 

While Price said the budget cri-
sis is not as drastic as it has been in 
the past, he pointed to declines in 
government, state and ridership fare 
funding over the past three years. 
Passenger fare revenue, which ac-
counts for 51 percent of the MTS 
operations budget has suffered 
"modest reductions," dropping 4 
percent in 1993-94. "Since our big-
gest revenue comes from passenger 
fares," Price explained, "our budget 
is subject to fluctuations in the 
economy. Increas ing unemployment 
and businesses leaving town have 
led to a decrease in ridership." 

The poor state of California's 
economy has reduced sales tax rev-
enue, Price added, which accounts 
for 34 percent of the MTS operating 
budget. Also, federal money, ac-
counting for 6.5 percent, has been 
cut because of budget problems. 

Price explained that the MTDB, 
which must operate under a bal-
anced budget every year, is under-
going these service changes as a 
preventive measure, rather than 
waiting for next year's forecasted 
budget problems. He predicted that 
unless there is some change in the 
MTDB's budget, more service 
changes will be in store for next 
year. 

Price said that hiring, wages and 
salary freezes have been in effect to 
ofJsec buget problema for three years 
now, and that many capital pur-
chases have been deferred. 

A public bearing on tbe proposed 
changes will be held Durs., Oct. 6. 

Thunclay, o.tober 6, 1994 The UCSD Guardiall SPORTS 9 

Tritons ,CruiSe"'Past Crusaders in Four Games 
POISE: UCSD 
impressive in four-set 
victory over NAIA 
nemesis Point Lorna 
&yDM Kraft 
Spotts Co-Editor 

After the UCSD women's volley-
ball team sailed through the draw at 
the annual Mizuno Invitational, the 

question re-
mained 
whether its suc-
cess was due to 
a lack of com-
petition or sim-
ply to its own 
stella r play. 
UCSD deliv-
ered a resound-
ing response to 
that and any 
other remain-
ing questions 

about its ability as a team when it 
took on Point Loma at the Main 
Gym on Wednesday night. 

With the score tied at seven in 
game one, the Tritons made their 
move, tallying five of the next six 
points to gain the upperhand,12·8. 
The Crusaders weren't about to quit, 
however, and clawed back to within 
two points at 12-10. 

With PI. Loma charging, UCSD 
desperately needed a point to gain 
the momentum once again, and it got 
it when the middle blocking corps 
rose up and sluffed a Crusader hit-
ter. The ball trickled along the top 
of the net before dropping on Pt. 
Loma's side to give the Tritons a 13-

ChUCk Ncuyen/ Guanliltl 

Madelyn Rlpken ailed 11 kills for UCSD durl .... Wednesday nlaht'. fou,...,. triumph over Point Loma, 
10 advantage. UCSD outsid~ hitter 
Madelyn Ripken then gave the Tri-
tons a game point when she flew in 
on the left side and smashed in one 
of her 11 kills. UCSD closed out the 
Crusaders,15-10, to take game one. 

The squads were close through-
out the early stages of game two, 
but Pt. Loma snared an 8-7 lead mid-
way through on two service errors 
by the Tritons. UCSD Coach Doug 
Dannevik quickly called timeout in 
order to impart a few choice words, 
and the move paid dividends. The 
Tritons scored seven of the next 

eight points and were on the verge 
of taking a two-game lead when 
Ripken cranked i cross court bomb 
past the Crusader defense to make it 
14-9. 

Once again, Ix5we~er, Pt. Loma 
refused to surrender, putting up the 
next five scores to earn a game point 
of their own. From that moment on, 
the game became the Christine Chi 
highlight show. Chi first banged 
home a beautiful quick set from Jen-
nifer Schofield to tie the match. Julie 
Harvey saved a game point with a 
tricky ball which rolled along the net 

before dropping in UCSD's favor. 
Chi then knotted the match at 16 

by going up with Crusader setter 
Annie Daniels, and knocking both 
Daniels and the ball to the floor on 
Pt. Loma's side. Chi then scored 
UCSD's 17th point on a solo block, 
which brought the crowd to its feet. 
With the game on the line, Chi softly 
dinked a set over the outstretched 
arms of Crusader blockers and in, to 
give the Tritons the two-game lead, 
18-16. 

"Anybody could have won those 
first two games," Dannevik said. "It 

was great to see that we won those 
tight games. It's key for us at this 
point in the year that we played so 
well against a team this good and 
quick. In those first two games, we 
showed how athletic we are." 

The highlight of the contest came 
in game three when outside hitter 
Angelle Crochet displayed her de-
fensive prowess by making three 
spectacular digs from the back row. 
This set up Harvey and Kri sti 
Askeland's heart pounding block 
whicb brought the crowd roaring to 
its feel. The Tritons were unable to 
capitalize on this momentum, how-
ever, losing game Ihree, 15-9. 

With a tedious 2-1 advantage, 
UCSD strode onto the court for 
game five and took charge from the 
get-go. The Tritons bolted out to a 
9-3 lead and never looked back, clos-
ing out the contest in front of a bois-
terous crowd with a 15-5 tally to take 
the contest, 3-1. 

The match left little to be desired 
from UCSD's standpoint. The Tri -
tons dominated by rotating middle 
blockers Chi, Askeland and Jenn 
Cross who seemingly got a hand on 
every Crusader spike and made their 
collective presence felt on offense as 
well by scoring off numerous quick 
sets and slide sets from Schofield. 

"I love to hit from the middle 
position," Cross said. "We're hav-
ing a lot of fun playing together." 

UCSD (13-3) now looks ahead 
to a tough matchup with Westmont. 

"The game with Westmont 
should be very similar to Ihis one," 
Cross said. "They are a quick and 
athletic group also." 

DON', KNOW WHA' 
DIRECTION 

YOUR FUTURE 
Is HEADED? 

WASHINGTON, DC 

Then let the AS Internship Office (ASIO) 
steer you in the right directionl 

GENERAL INFO NIGHT 
Monday, October 10, 1994 
7pm 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 

We offer internships for MlYONI, regardless of your 
G~A, major, 'or c~ I •. In order 10 increase your 
chances for obIaining a local, slate, or national 
internship, our trained staff will help )'OU enhance 
)'OUr resume and internship ~ills. 

For more information, call us at 
or vis~ us at the Price Center, 

Monday-Friday 9-4 

534- 4689 

\ 'USt rBaa. OontJ 
a'oOut \t, '\ 

· once \t. e'f...~er\l! 

DC INTERNSHIP FORUM 
5ponsor~d by th~ Acad~mic Internship Program 

FRIDAY OCTOBER 14TH 
2:30-4 P.M., CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

.. L~arn about internship opportuniti~s in D.C. 

.. M~et form~r interns and Congr~55ional 5taff~rs 

.. Get th~ low down on scholarships and housing 

The Academic Internship Program is now accepting 

applications for The UC Preeident1e 
Waehington, D.C. S(iholarehip 

Apply in penon to AlP Literature Bid!. Rm. 3255 
(rom 8:30-12:00 and 1:00-4:00 (on Wedaeaday. 8:00-2:00) 



I' 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\4.( \4 .1,'11-.\1"''' 
ACKUPTHEUCSDGUAR~ 
IN HILLCREST starting Monday, 
October 10. Call our advertising 
office at 534-3466 to reach this 
expanded market. (1016-10110) 
Wuhlngton D.C., it's not just an 
address, it's an attitude. Come to 
the DC Internship Forum, Friday, 
October 14, 2:30-4:00, Gareer 
Services Center. (1016-10/10) 
ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGE STUDENTS, STAFF 
• FACUL TV -Come celebrate at 
the Eleanor Roosevelt Inaugral 
Birthday Bash & Benefit - Friday, 
October 14 from 8pm - 12 am at 
the UCSO Fac:ultyClub. Purchase 
your tickets at the ERC Dean's 
Office or Residence Life Offices. 
Students $5, Faculty & Staff $1 O. 
(10/3-1018) 
UCSD Asthma Study Ashmatics 
using Inhaled steroids needed. 
12 week. 6 visit study. Receive 
up to $150.00 for participation. 
For more information. call 534-
8224 or 543-6911. (9129-10117) 
HILLCREST MED. CTR TO 
CAMPUS VAN POOL has 
openings for UC~D faculty, staff 
& UC EMPLOYED STUDENTS. 
If you reside in the Hillcrest area 
and work 8am-4:30pm on 
campus, this is an excellent 
commute' option. Call CAROLE 
at ext. 3-RIDE. (9126-10/20) 

1101 ~I \4~ 
Roommate Wanted: Wlndansea. 
Private or shared room. $425/ 
315. Washer/dryer. dishwasher, 
fireplace, yard. Prefer female. 
459-6131. (10/6) 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

CLASSIFIEDS 
CIDssiJied advertising is sold in 20-worrI increments. The rate per 20 wonb is $2 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and SfIljJ, and U for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed wiJh a checIc (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presenJed in person. DemJJines are 3 p.m. 'I'hursdoy for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Mondoy for 'I'hursdoy's issue. The Guardianresen'eS the rightto rrfuse 
any advertisiiag including but not IimiIetJ to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingatldress: UCSDGuardiaD,Altn:C~ 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, LaJol/Q, CA 92UJ3-0316.Actual address: StudentCenlerA, topfloor. 

VegglehouseholdlMUSlbeeasy- To share room + bathroom for 
going. quiet and flke animals. No $225Imonthpius 1/3 utilities. 454-
drugs. 15 mI to UCSD. 679-8260. 7150. (9126-1016) 
(1013-10110) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOMEI Don't 
throw rent dollars. Near UCSD 1 
bra $80,0001+ 3 brds $140.000+ 
& luxury homes. Easy financing. 
For dl8CCU1ts see Ab In UCSD 
Student/Faculty/Staff Directory 
back page 5. Free Info RehAAX 
Judith HADDOX 275-2618. (10/ 
3-10127) . 
F Roommate wanted'to share 
luxury Solana Beach ~ bedroom 
2 1/2 bath furnished condo In 
beachfront complex .. 
Underground pkg .• tennis. pools, 
and jacuzzi. Most utilities paid. 
$600.552-3495 ext. 107. (9129-
10131) 
Mount Soledad Condo ... Large 
master bedroom w/private bath 
available for 2 student to share 
(or 1 as single) in furnished La 
Jolla luxury condo. Air 
conditioned, pool, jacuzzi, tennis 
courts and cable 1V w/free use of 
washer/dryer. Only 7 minutes to 
UCSD. Non-smoking and quiet. 
Call Steve at (619) 273-8812. (9/ 
29-10/6) 

Condo-Room to rent. $320 + 
deposit + 1/4 utilities. Avail 1011. 
Todd 534-1142. Near UTC. No 
smoke/no drink. (9126-10110) 
MISSION BEACH 2BR, 2BA. 
furnished. on Boardwalk. ocean 
view. 2 car parking. $95().115O. 
259-1457 or 488-1395. (9120-10/ 
13) 
1 Bedroom. view, neutral colors; 
terms; walk to UCSD, shopping + 
security, agent 1982-0811 VIM 
$90,000 (9120-10/10) 

Beans! CaM needs~heIp. Apply 
in person Renaissance Towne 
Centre. 453-9252. (1016-10110) 
CHILD CARE: Part-time 
carataker for 4-mo old needed. 
Flexible hours between 9am-
6pm, at UCSD or In Clairemont 
home. 272-4266 (10/6-10/10) 

Part Time Job. flexible hours 
(days preferred) as an Enrollment 
Counsellor for Kaplan T88I Prep. 
$8Ihr + bonuses. 277..ff744. (91 
29-10110) 
Highly motivated Individual. 
needed as distributors for an 
emerging leader In nutritional 
products. Flexible hours. 
Excellent pay potential. CalI5S2-
8733. (9126-1016) 
INTERNATIONAL 
EMPLOYMENT-Make up to 
$2.000-$4,OOO+/mo. teaching 
basic conversational english in 
~,T~,orS.K~.No 
teaching background or Asian 
languages required. For Info. call: 
(206) 632-1146 ext. J59761 (91 
26-1 CWO) 
CRUISE SHIPS HIRING-E.-n 
up to S2.ooo+/mo. on Crui. 
Ships or Land-Tour companies. 
Seasonal & Full-Time 
employment aVailable. No exp 
necessary. For info. call 1-206-
634-0488 ext C59761. (9t2O-101 
20) 
Need Cash? Domino's Pizza is. 
now hiring. Become a part of the 
world's largest pizza delivery 
company. Drivers can earn up to 
$12.oo/hr., must be 18. with valid 

'I'IIunda,.. OetoMr6.19M 
'97: $270 cal Chal452-8404. (101 
6-10110) 
KING SIZE BED AND FRAMES. 
Good condition. Need to see 
ASAP. S7010b0. Call 453-2682. 
(1 0fJ-1 011 0) 
SCUBA GEAR: Regulator, 
Octopus. Depth and PSI guage 
almost new. Need cash quick. 
$400.001000. Call Dan 453-2682. 
(1 0fJ-1 0/1 0) 
Bed For Sale! Twin size bed. very 
comfortable, steardy. as good as 
newonly$190.00.CalI692-7416 
for more Info. (1013-1018) . 
Stereo System. JFC 36' 
speakers. FISHER set with 
double tape deck, CD player. 
$200. Great buy. 558-7587. (101 
3-1018) 
HEWLETT-Packard 48SX 
Scierdc ExpandabIeCalclIlalor. 
Includel all manuals. Uat Price: 
$250. ONLY$1500B0. call .. 
9498. (1013-10J8) 
Computer - IBM model 25. 
mouse. software (Dos 4. 
Microsoft Word). IBM Printer. 
Computerdesle. $500.456-7953. 
(1013-1016) 
New Tape Backup Setup: 
CoIoradoJwnbo 250 Tape DrIve. 
external ki, FC-1 Oconlrollercard. 
DOS OS/2 backup software, paid 
$360+ SacrIfice at $300. 677-

~. (10/.3-10117) 
EAGLES tickell for sale. $100 
for a pair. October 8th at the Rose 
Bowl. cal5S2-0397 (10fJ-1018) 
Apple Powerbook 170. 4140. Bull 
In Apple 2400 modem. Great 
condition. includes case and all 
manuals. Call Ezra at 420-1861 
(10/3-10/6) 
CHEAP! Great condition I Twin 
bed (mattress. box spring. frame) 
& desle. PrIces negotiable. Call 
Julie 792-0820 (10/3-1018) 

LARGE STUDIO Solana Beach -
Living Area, bedroom, bath, 
private entrance. Near Beach. 
$375+utils. 755-4702. Non-
smoker. (10/6-10/10) 
WIUTCIUCSD, Master Bedroom 
in 3 bedroom Townhouse . 
Furnished, all amenities. Share 
with musician raising daughter, 
7. $375 Steve 658-0878. (10/6) 

CHEAP LIVING Clean 2 
bedroom/2 bath- CONDO 
N.Clairemont, 5 min to campus 
$650/mo. ALL UTILITIES 
INCLUDEDI 270-3532 Leave 
message (9/26-10/1 0) 
Your own room in Del Mar 
Condo-$400/month. Includes 
utilities and cable. Pool, tennis 
courts, washer/dryer, and your 
own bathroom. Gall Nick at 259-
7316. (9126-10/6) 

Bernini's Cafe In La Jolla Is looking 
for counter and food.prep help. 
Aexible shifts available. Must be 
reliable. Apply in person. 7550 
Fay Ave. 454-5013. Ask for 
Isabel. (1016-10/17) 
Bookstar needs pit overnight 
shelvers! Able to work Sun, Tues. 
Thurs, 7pm-3am. Open 
Interviews Wed's2prn-5pm. 8650 
Genessee Avenue. (10/3·10/6) 

driver's license. insured vehicle, Macintosh Plus. 4MB RAM. 20MB 
good driving record. Stop by our HardDisk, 2400BD modem, 
La Jolla store, 3211 Holiday Ct., second external hard drive, 
after11amorcall452-8273.EOE. Kensington systern saver. turbo 
(9120-10/31) mouse. lots of software. All 
---------- excellent condition. $500/obo 
.. EARN EXTRA CASH $$ Be a 276-3341. (10/3-10117) 
bIoodIplasma donor, PYRAMID 
BIOLOGY CORP San Diego29&-
4011, San Ysidro 690-4434 (9/ 
20-1211) 

Huge bedroomlbath, own phone, 
cable, carport, 3-bedroom condo 
near Mission Bay. $425.00. 11/ 
01. 276-9706. (10/6-10/10) 

Solana Beach: Furnished Condo-
Oceanfront development. 2 large 
bedrooms, 2 112 baths, pools, 
tennis courts, 909-925-1689, 
$1200.oo/month. (9/26-1016) 

LaJolla -U. T. C. Luxury, spacious, 
condo 1 Br, 1 BA, full security. pool, 
jacuzzi, sauna, dishwasher. 
microwave, underground parking, 
close to all shops. close to UCSD. 
$700.00 265-7108. (10/6-10/10) 

2 UCSD students and cat looking 
Room: Country setting, beautiful for a female roommate. 3 blocks 
views, peaceful. $100+choreS/ from beach in downtown La Jolla. 

LOSE WEIGHT! Feel great! Make 
extra moneyl Forfree information, 
calI1-800-460-FAST. Then call 
619-488-4864. Ufe Extension 
International Distributor. (10/3-101 
20) 
University Center has several 
openings for student 
housekeepers. $6.4O/hOUr. Job 
'903.012. Must work 6-9am, 8-
12pm, Friday pm or Sat pm. Pick 
up referral at Employment 
Opportunities Office. (1013-1016) 

Family Planning Associates Mediad Group 
"IINCE1"-

ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

Free Pregnancy Testing 
Early Pregnancy Test 

(Immedlate.est RMulta) 
Birth Control . 

. OutpatIent Female Sterilization 
LA MESA 

1881 FIn:her Pkwy. (811) __ 1 

FOB ~ \I.E 
FOR SALE! White day bed with 
brass bed knobs. In perfect 
condition. Only $3O! If interested, 
call 558-7007. (1016-10/13) 
Macintosh computer, 4 MB RAM, 
80 MB Hard Drive. tons of 
software, used very little $650, 
StyieWriter II $200. call450-9615. 
(10/6-10110) 
Yamaha RBX350 bass with 
limited lifetime warranty and crate 
BX-25 amp w/Warranty on elec 'til 

-""':J7 

Twin Mattress. boxsprlng. one 
year old. Great conditionl $80/ 
obo. Psych 163. 179. BICD 100 
books for cheapl453-8193. (10/ 
3-1016) 
'89 VW FOX GL. 4 New Tires, 
recent tune up. Excellent 
condition. $3,450. Call leslie at 
550-1070 ext. 148 (9/29-10113) 
SMITH CORONA Word 
Processor PWP38OO, like new. 
$190 or best offer. 538-4245 after 
6pm. (9129-10/10) 
Cheap. dependable car. 1989 
DAIHATSU CHARADE. 67k 
miles. great student car. 40+ 
MPGI $2000. Patio table and 
chairs, $50. 272-0159. (9129-1016) 

. 1.0. CARDS IN I 
J ONLY 5 MINmS . I 'tli •• ....., '_I II. 
........ Drlwrlu....... IIII 

AwIIII CIIIIIII ....... 

TIHanda,., 0cteIaer 6, 19M 

""11:\14 I .... 

~Caling c.cis. No • 8 IBCOi'Id Incremental biKing. rates. For more 
details call 270-0e21 . (1016-10/ 
10) 
12 month Tarot reading. Select 
Topic: Love, Monday. Guidance, 
Outcome, etc. T. Beattie. PO BOX 
1081, La Jolla, 92038. $10 (1016-
10/13) . 
Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts. theses, books, 
letters, applications, resumes. 
Accurate/Fast/Confidential 
service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (10/ 
3-12/1) 

\\\\111) 
SUbfecIa""" far altUdy on 
llGOho1'....... If you are a 
Japaneee. O1inese, or Korean, 
AmerIcan-bom male. caD Scripps 
Research for more Information, 
554-7240. Subjects reimbursed 
(9120-12/1) 
Tennis instruction wanted! 
Beginner/amateur player seeks 
Instruc:tionJgames weeknights. $7 
hour, my court, my daughter 
shags balls; Steve 658-0878. (101 
6) 
Female shares 2bdr12bath w/ 
quiet, clean, responsible 
roommate. Near UCSD. Pool, 
jacuzzi, workout-room. Prefer 
serious student/post doc. $435 
month/$225 deposit. 10125. 558-
3449. (10/6) 
Wanted - Graduate student 
without a car. Will pay $4.00 for 1 

TypinglEditing/Tutoring. English hour of your time. Ask for Cliff. 
teacher and editor will make your 458-4249. (1016-10/10) 
work look great! 224-8060. (9/29-
10110) 

Alexander's Electrolysis and Skin 
Care Clinic: Facial Waxing & 
Electrolysis. 3262 Holiday Ct. 
'220, 112 block off campus. 558-
0888 (10/3-11/3) 

Guitar lessons: Ramenco to funk. 
On campus or off, with 
experienced, patient, and 
knowledgeable instructor. UC 
graduate. Dave. 260-1245. (9/ 
29-10/13) 
Psychologist-Asian, culturally 
senstive, relationship and 
adjustment concerns. anxiety. 

. depression. eating disorders. 
addictions. Dr. Kakaiya622-0221. 
PSY 14052. (9129-10113) 
PERSONAL INJURY. REAL 
ESTATE. BUSINESS LAW. Free 
consultation and special rate to an 
UCSD students and employees. 
Law offices of B. Brittin Fisher, 
Esq. 875 Prospect Street. Suite 
301. 456-6556. (9/26-10/8) 
Guitar Lellonl: Professional 
teacher and performer aocepIIng 
beg-adv, students. BA in music. 
GIT grad. cal Sean at 495-0753 
(9120-1016) 
AIRLINE FUGHT ATTENDANT 
JOBS. Newbook reveals secrets. 
teils how. Updated and 
guaranteed. 1-800-7-FLiGHT. (91 
20-10/24) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION. 
consulting and troubleshooting. 
Individual or group lesson. FIeldbIe 
hours. Mike 792-9822 (9120-101 
17) 
WORD PROCESSING 

Models, Dancers, Entertainers, 
we are currently seeking 
professionals for oneall in your 
local area assignments. Send 
photo with biography, must be 
dependable. first class, and have 
desire to make BIG $. Intervision 
Agency, 133 E. De La Guerra Ste 
423. Santa Barbara. CA 93101 . 
No phone calls please. (10/3-10/ 
6) 
I need a CRASH PAD near 
campus Monday and Wednesday 
nights to avoid long commute. 
WILL PAY CASH. References. 
Paul 697-3432. C.C. 13432 (10/ 
3-10/6) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 45 
years old are needed to participate 
In a UCSD Medical Center study 
examining the effect of sound on 
the eye blink reflex. 
Compensation will be provided. 
can 543-2494 for Information. (9/ 
29-10/24) 

Discover the mystery' of your 
romantic relationship. Areas 
discussed: love. sex, affection, 
compatibility, feelings. needs. 
Send your & 'IfNI male's bIr1h & 
current names. birthdat8l, to: T. 
BeattIe. PO BOX 1081, La Jolla. 
92038. $15. 15 pages. Immediate 
response. (10/6-10113) 

SERVICESAnyaizejob,anytype Robbie. meet me next to your 
of job. Callc.oI481-6364. (9120- beautiful, puke-green Gremlin. 

1211~ Love. Annette. (1016) 
WRITING PROBLEM? 
Profesalonal writer with 350 . 
publication cradIts offers ethical 
asaistancewlthanY~project. 
Also word-processing. editing. 
tutortng. a1tIquIng. etc. Over 25 
years academic experience. BIll 
Delaney .1641. (9120-119) 
VlOIlnMoIa Leuons. Adults and 
children can learn from an 
experienced, professional 
teacher. Now accepting studenII 
- all age./levels welcome I 
Conrad: 488-0525. (9120-10124) 
CREDIT REPAIRI Have bad 
credit? Flxyourcredltlegalyt Fne 
InformaIIon packet, Leave name 
and addreII on machine or wjtl 
reprelBddallve. 822-1882 (W»1211)' 

Creative .Wors~ip 
By & ·For Young AduHs 

This is no~ your 
parent. church I 

Sat: 6:30-7:30 PM 

Church of the 
Good Samaritan 

4321 Eastgate Man 
'(2 bI. N of UTe Mal) 

Information and rides caD: 
458-1501 

II, ,\ . It' J I', t ", 

800-777-0112 

The UCSD Guardiaa CLASSIFIEDS 11 

LSAT • GMAT • GIE • MCAT 

HOWWlL YOU 
PREPARE FOR 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 
1111II1II BIIcIIn TIlt PI' ........ 

This year, over JO,OOO students will take our 
LSAT, GMAT, GRE, and MeAT courses. Our 
small classes (''Onsist of 8 to 15 students 

~ouped by shared test-taking strengths and 
weaknesses, so you'll get plentr of personal 
attention . We send teams 0 our highly 
trained instructors to every test 

... - administration to ensure that we havc up-to· 
date materials. 

n 5 ....... 5 ........ 
f1IId!d~~ Our Guides to The Best Business, Law, 

and Medical Schools not only profile 
schools, but also include the results of 
some of the largest student and 
administrator surveys ever conducted. And if 
you're not ready for more classes, Americas 
~"'_IJ Top 100 Internships is the most popular guide 

of its kind. 

For more information about our courses, please call us at 
(800) 2-REVIEW. To order one or more of our books, 
please call (800) 79J-BOOK. 

....................... 
t:-mlll: info(8lrc\·lcw.com 
America O nline : keyword "Sludent " 
World Wide Web: htlp:llwww rC\'iew,com 
(,opher: bloMi ,review,com 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

(800) 2-REV1EW 

Having checked his balance at Citibank, Lars popped into Yakimono for a brief repast. 

ADMAN IA He then returned home, scheduled a cleaning with Dr. Sanford, then attempted to arrange a date for the weekend 
to see the new "Ed Wood" movie. Lars took rejection (and a few Advils) quite well, 
actually. Then he read a few verses from the Bible. 

rrll i rt\' \' C(1 rs () f 
Stllll\' (ll']"()(lll 

l \ X . ~ II " I" Il' 11 C l ) 
11(lS t(lllgllt lIS tIle 

111 C (111 i 11 g () f s c r \. icc. 
Service means giving you all the information and 

provid~g all the extras you n~ to make your study 
abroad experience as successful and hassle-free as 
possible. We offer a range of services that are both 
convenient and essential, including pre-departure 
advising, orientation and fully accredited transcripts at 
your program's dose. At Beaver College, we believe 
that service is the hallmark of a quality organization . 
Ask your study abroad advisor about Beaver College. 

Study Abroad with Beaver College 
1.800.755.5607 



( 

, ' 

. ' 

12 SPORTS The Ut;~u \,uarouua 

Triton Water Polo on the Rebound 
RESURGENCE: Rapidly improving Triton 
water polo (5-15) squad impresses at Stanford 
ByD .. S ... .., 
St." Writer 

1binp have been looking up for 
the UCSD men's water polo team. 
Havilll struggled through the fint 

half of the sea-
son with a 
Jess-tban-spar-
kling 3-13 
record, Head 
Coach Dennis 
Harper and his 
crew headed 
up to Stanford 
for the Nor Cal 
Tournament, 
looking to tum 
things around. 

When the 
dust bad cleared, the Tritons (S-lS) 
not only bad amassed a decent 2-2 
clip against some of the toughest 
competition in the country, but also 
had clawed its way up to 12th in the 
rankings. aearly, the team picked up 
much-needed momeqtum to guide it 
through the rest of the season. 

The field, consisting mostly of 
Division I foes chock-full of schol-
arship players, was as tough as it 
comes. The Tritons, however, were 
not intimidated. 

"We were not gonna take any 
crap from these Division I guys," 
Harper said. 

The Tritons had a lot to prove in 
their first game on Friday, as they 
were paired against a tough 
Pepperdine team. UCSD refused to 

lie down. In a hard-fought battle, 
they finally fell, 10-6. 

The pairings did not get any 
easier. In the next match, tbe Tritons 
found themselves opposite perennial 
Division I powerhouse Cal-Berke-
ley. 

Unimpressed by their fonnidable 
adversaries, the Tritons battled fero-
ciously before succumbing to the 
scholanhip-Iaden Bears by a re-
spectable 11-5 tally. 

As it stood at the midpoint of the 
tournament, UCSD, thou8h playing 
quite well, bad nothing to show for 
its efforts, garnering an 0-2 record. 
. That all changed on Sunday, 

however. The first game of the ~y 
pitted the Tritons against 
Chaminade, a team tbat had beaten 
them earlier in the season. 

Though ranked higher, 
Chaminade was no match for the 
Tritons, who came out stl'9ng and 
blew it out, 10-4. 

"It was s-o before thJ:Y knew 
what hit 'em," Harper said. 

The encore performance came 
against a typically strong Long 
Beach team. Despite playing one of 
its worst games of the tournament, 
UCSD topped its adversaries 8-7. 

"The oddly encouraging thing is 
that we didn't play very well, and 
we still won." Harper said. 

If one had to identify UCSD's 
turning point this season, it would 
be the game against George Wash-
ington on Sept. 23. After pummel-

Chuck ~/Gu.ar., 
SenIor CrIIIC lnlber .. 8ft ....mIll member of the Trtton 1IItIIok. 
ingGW, 19-8,theteamknewitwere 
better than its record. 

"The potential was always there." 
Harper said. "We had been doing 
everything except putting the ball in 
the net." 

Now, the Tritons are scoring with 
amazing frequency. Much bas con-
tributed to the increased offensive 
output. The central cog in the offen-
sive machine, however, is senior 
James Skillen, the team's leading 
scorer. 

"[Skaalen's] been our mainstay," 
Harper said. "The offense has been 
solid since he's moved to two 

meters." 
Not to be overlooked is veteran 

Greg Salvinski, the squad's inspi-
rational leader. But perhaps most 
underrated is the strong play of 
freshman goalie Joe Welsh. Dur-
ing the tourney he was an 
inpenatrable wall, challenging ev-
ery shot. 

"Maybe it was tbat he was in 
his home town, .. Harper said of tbe 
Los Altos native ... [Welch] played 
great." Harper is expecting tbe 
rookie to be even more exceptional 
once he gets some more games 
under his belt. 

LIVE with WEEZER .net FAnMA MANSIONS 
FRI-OCT 2S-UCSD PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

Thunday, October 6,1994 

PADRES: An 
actual fan speaks out 
ContInued from ..... 1.4 
Raiders. Three road wiaI ill a sea-
IOn is untbinkable for the Charg. 
era, 10 three within the filii four 
weeb is a miracle. Some years, 
eveo oDe road win is a mincle. 

Don't tell me Ibout easy oppo-
Denll, either. I doII't care if two of 
their willi have come apiIIIt the 
only two winleu teams in the 
league, Denver and QncinNIi, be-
cause most yean the CIwpn are 
one of thole winte. ....... It's a 
testimony to their IUCICeII limply 
that they're no lonaer in that JIOUP. 

But even if the CharJen' ~ 
cess is due to a cream-puff IChed-
ule, die-hard Sao Dieso sportl fans 
doo't care. And even if tilly col-
lapse and finish at the boaom of the 
pack, we don't care. We've already 
been blessed with far more IUCCCSI 
than we could've ever uked for. 
When Denver led 17-0 io the fint 
game of the season, even the most 
hard-bitten Chargen fan started be-
lieving the pre-season predictions 
of last place and 3-13. 

But the reality of the current 
situation is 4-0, best in the NFL. 
Never mind last year, next week or 
down the road in the playoffs; we 
Chargen fans have to take what we 
can get and run with it. 

Even if our dream seuon comes 
to nothing - and keep in mind, 
anything over 8-8 is a sua:ess for 
the Chargers - we'll still have the 
memories of a 4-0 start. Let's re-
joice while we can. It won't be long 
before we're back at the Murph, 
Tony Gwynn cap and all, rooting 
for the Padres to get a run. 

Thunda,. October 6,1994 

HIT: UCSD 
outdoes 4ger offense 
ContI ......... ,... 14 

later, freshman Brenna Cox found 
herself dribbling up the center of the 
field when three Cougan descended 
on her. With one of thole moves you 
see but you're not really sure how it 
was actually done, Cox spun a full 
360 degrees to avoid all of the de-
fenders, and dumped the ball ahead, 
hitting a racing Etc Johnson in full 
stride. Johnson finished the play in 
an appropriately spectacular fashion 
by launching a perfect shot from just 
outside the box. It landed at the back 
of the net, near the right comer, giv-
ing the Tritons a 3-0 advantage. 

Peer who headed it in from. the top 
of the goal box. 

Three minutes after that, Pugh 
wu racing up the right sideline when 
she grounded a pus acroIS the goal. 
UCSD's Brandie Hayungs was there 
for the Tritons and fired a waist-level 
shot that bounced off La Verne's Tif-
fany Robles, and put overwhelmed 
Leopard goalkeeper Tiffany Han, 
who will be seeing Tritons in her 
sleep for quite a while. 

The Tritons had to wait almost 16 
minutes for their next score. Pugh 
again picked up the assist, this time 
finding freshman Lauren Johnson 
near the top of the penalty box. The 
rookie didn't hesitate to Pull the trig-
ger, taking five steps before lofting 
the ball into the net over Hall. 

The UCSD GuardilUl SPORTS 13 ~ 

Not to be outdone in the major-
league-play· department, Pugh fin-
ished off the scoring with 26:45 left 
in the game. The junior stole the ball 
from Cougar Lynsee Beck, 35 yards 
out on the left side. Pugh dribbled 
to the top of the penalty box where 
she was attacked by a Cougar. Be-
fore being toppled by the slide 
tackle, however, the Triton fired a 
shot high and just inside the far post 
for the final score of the day. 

By halftime the score was 6-0, 
thanks to Peer and Lauren Johnson's 
second of the game. Amanda 
Johnson, Lauren's sister, led off the 
scoring in the second half, followed 
by Beth Freeburg, two more Lauren 
Johnson scores, two Pugh in a row 
by Pugh, one Ele Johnson score and, 
finally, an unassisted Daphne 
Farnum tally. 

Yakov ZolotorevlGualdian 
Blake Thompson w .. part of the UCSD hit parade, notchln, an a .. lst for the Triton. on Monday. 

"I never would have guessed a 4-
o score. I would have thought maybe 
1-1 or 2-1. We've never played this 
well against Azusa before" 
McManus said. 

"We weren't worried about miss-
ing the chances in the first half," 
Pugh said. "When the opportunities 
aren't there, then we'll worry. But 
today, we knew we were bound to 
score," Pugh said. 

There are some wins where even 
the coach of the victorious team sits 
back, shakes his head and asks, 
"What the hell was that?" 

"I don't know anything about 
soccer anymore," McManus said af-
ter his team vaporized the Leopards. 

Fourteen is not a common score 
in soccer, although UCSD did the 
same thing 10 Southern California 
College last year. It is an especially 
unlikely score against a team that 
beat Claremont, S-O (UCSD beat 
aaremont 3-0), and is "having its 
best year in a while," according to 
McManus. 

It didn't lake long for Monday's 
game to tum into a roul. Although 
the Tritons didn't score in the 
contest's first three minutes, UCSD 
had four scoring chances, and the 
Leopards were playing the sidelines 
as if they were strewn with mines. 

The blood started flowing just 
over six minutes into the game, when 
Lee took a penalty kick from the 
upper-left comer of the penalty box. 
Trying the direct approach, the 
senior's head-level shot blazed 'into 
the upper-right corner for Lee's fint 
goal of the year. 

The final box score was a ·mess. 
Carrie Peer tallied two goals and 
three assists, while Carin Pugh gar-
nered two scores and two assists. Lee 
tied a school record with four assists, 
and Lauren Johnson ended up hav-
ing a season against the Leopards, 
finishing with four goals. 

"It was scary how one-sided that 
was," McManus said. "If it wasn't 
for the crossbar,the score would've 
been 20-0. We weren't trying to run 
up the score, it was one of those days 
where everything went right. We had 
11 players, all playing well." 

RUN: UCSD 
scoring spree 
Continued from pace 14 
senior forward Todd Curran said. 
"I suppose you could call them a 
mediocre high school team to 
maybe a decent club squad. But 
we definitely got something out 
of it. We gained some confidence. 
We went into the game to do 
something other than score goals. 

"I think it helped us get into a 
rhythm going into this Saturday's 
game [against Division III Trin-

Three and a half minutes later, 
Lee struck again on another penalty 
kick, on the other side of the box. 
This time the Triton found teammate 

Chuctt Ncuyen/Gu.wU/an 
Carin Pu&h seo .... twice on La Veme _ once .... nat Azusa. 

THE 
PHOTO 

PLACE 

1555 CAMINO DEl MAR 
DEL MAR PLAZA 

l-HR PHOTO 
1755-566~1 

• ~% OFF I-HR ALM PROCESSING r=2!:Si'--=--::-=::::::-::-::-,\ 
• $2 Off PHOTO'S ON T-SHtRlS 

(REG. St4.9S READY IN I-HR) 
• 2·PASSPORT PHOTOS $4.9~ 

(REG. S7JO) 
.COlOR lASER COPIES $0.99 

(REG. S1.99) 

o\lCS\1\\l"CS.~, ,.- , ..... 
r " ".~A~~" Ol'l" 1'1 EANORa . "1 

Ro. ~hEvrL1 : 
TreaslI'er COlL["l II.; 
SAle Rep . \~~, I!.: 

", ..,..P 
Fr., So., Sr. Senators 
COllmlssioner of Res. Ufe 
COlllllllssioner of C.o.R.E. 

IPPlJCAnDlS 'YlIlibie 
MONDAY, OCT. 3 
in the Deln's Office 

Applications due OCT. 13 

ity], and helped us feel a lillie beller 
about ourselves and where we 
stand," he added. 

"It was a good warm-down game 
after Santa Cruz," sweeper Ken 
Burns concurred. 

"We need some good results to 
reach the playoffs," he continued. 
"The last two games have given us 
a little confidence. Saturday'S result 
will probably determine the rest of 
the season for us. We need to do 
.well." 

If the Tritons come anything 
close to perfonning like they have 
in the last two matchups, outscoring 
their opponents 16-0, then Trinity 
University of Texas is headed for 
trouble. 

Just about everyone got into the 
scoring act against Christian Heri· 
tage College. Forward Ken Fujii 
opened the Hawk slaughter at the 
6:30 mark in the game, taking a 
right-sideline crossing pass from fel· 
low forward Nate Hetherington and 
pocketing a cross-cage, left-footed 
tap-in. 

Eric Waldman added his two bits 
at the 10:45 mark, also nelling a 
right-sideline pass from Curran -
extending the score to a solid 2-0 
margin. 

Once UCSD started rapping at 
the door, the Hawks defense cleared 
and the Tritons reigned down from 
any ·and all spots on the field. The 
goal-scoring flurry proceeded -
Hetherington hit Curran, goal. Bums 
found freshman forward Shayne 
Ferber, goal. Blake Thompson found 
senior defender Brian Sonnichsen, 
goal. . 

Only a kindly referee's whistle 
signaling the end of the first half of-
fered any sense of comfort for the 
woeful visitors. Unfortunately, even 
that tactic failed when the second 
half inevitably revised the liawks' 

flight through their own personal 
purgatories. 

The angels themselves wept as 
Sonnichsen scored unassisted at 
63:20. Captain and leading-scorer 
Matt Chilton finally got into the act 
at the 68:39 mark, converting the 
Tritons' second penalty kick of the 
season, putting UCSD up 8'{). 

"It's funny. Chilton is a fullback 
and he leads us in goals," Bums said. 
"We were joking that [Trinity] was 
going to start marking him at full-
back to keep him from scoring. But 
[Chilton) is a really good header and 
does a great job on set plays." 

Hetherington and Jose Ocampo 
mercifully rounded out the final two 
scores of the lopsided contest. 

"I think one of the reasons we do 
so well in Division 11/ is because we 
don 't usually play teams like this. 
We like to play the tougher Division 
I and Division II teams," Curran 
said. 

"It was kind of hard to handle. 
The score probably should have 
been 20 to nothing. We tried not to 
embarrass them and be too exuber-
ated after each goal. We tried 10 show 
some good sportsmanship," he 
added. 

Strength, class and a mu·. h-
needed boost of confidence - it 
appears the only question left unan-
swered is whether or not the Tritons 
can continue to ace the real test, im-
pressing the traditionally merciless 
NCAA selection committee. 

"Most of the Division III 
rankings are determined back East, 
and all those people see are our 
losses," Curran conceded. "If we 
could send three good dominating 
scores back to them, hopefully that 
will help ou,r national ranking. We 
know what we have to do to make 
the playoffs." 

Will Trinity? 

AfFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I PuWct~£!!!~J $3~~ I 

andsoup £lop. 10/20". I 
DINNER Noh""'''' ...... , .... irdotdod.............. I 

-

YAK I M 0 N 0 JAPANESE RESTAURANT :-. 
NtwLoadiolIl . 452-4255 I 

7f}J, Regents Rd. 7m CIairemont Mesa Blvd. ~ ......... We..... I 
(VOIIS SIIoJiP"1 Cerrttr) (bdw. ~ & RItffrttr) .... __ , 

L HDUISi: 11:30 .......... 1IIn.j. 1\:30 _10,. " .• s.au .. ,...... ..I 
-------------------- -



, I 

>(' 

14 SPORTS 

10TH IJ1J1InG 
DEREK VAN HOFTEN 

The Last 
Padre Fan 

Yes, I am a Padre fan. I'll 
admit it. I still root, root, root for 
the home team. I withstand the 

The UCSD Guardian Tbunciay, Oelober 6, 1994 

P RT~ 
never-ending parade of disparag-
ing remarks as I walk across 
campus donning my KFMB-
sponsored Tony Gwynn baseball 
cap. Call it insane. Call it pathetic. 
But perhaps I'm clinging to the 
last bit of hope that one day the 
club will be sold, and a 54-year-
old Tony Gwynn will lead us back 
to the World Series. 

UCSD Soccer Squads Net 34 Scores in Four Games 

They say there 's only one type 
of baseball fan who is happy the 
season was cancelled: the Padre 
fan. (Note the singular noun.) No 
baseball means no more let-

, 1 downs, no more embarrassing 
blowouts, no more gelling swept 
at home by the Marlins and no 
more listening to comparisons to 
Triple-A teams, as fair as those 
comparisons may be. 

The cancellation of the season 
means the Padres can 't lose any 
more. So, San Diego sports fans 
- yes, they do exist - are left to 
turn their attention to the Charg-
ers. And as if it were a gift from 
the sports gods, the Chargers have 
blessed the San Diego faithful few 
with a 4-0 start. 

For all you non-Charger fans 
who scoff, saying, "We' ll see how 
far they get in the playoffst you 
must understand the plight of the 
San Diego sports fan. We have 
only two significant teams to 
follow. 

Well, the Padres are borderline, 
and they're on strike anyway, so 
we are left with the Chargers. No 
basketball, hockey or college 
sports to get excited about, and 
even with our token professional 
team, we have zero champion-
ships to celebrate. We have only 
one winning season over the last 
decade, so a 4-0 start is the best 
thing we've ever been a part of. 
And we're going to milk it for 
everything it's worth. 

No longer do we have to yearn 
for Dan Fouts to come out of 
retirement and heave it up to Wes 
Chandler and Charlie Joiner, or 
Air Coryell to reassume the 
coaching reins and lead us back to 
greatness. Now we can brag about 
the Chargers having the best 
record in the NFL. When was the 
last time we could say they had a 
beller record than the Cowboys 
and the 4gers? 

It's not a soft 4-0 either. Three 
road wins against division foes, in-
cluding Denver (for the first time 
since 1986), and against the hated 

See PADRES, Page 12 

THUNDER: Triton 
women thrash Azusa, 
discombobulate La 
Verne at home 
By Grea Wrenn 
Sports C~Ed;tor 

The UCSD women's soccer 
team not only outscored the Uni-
versity of La Verne on Monday, 
but the Los Angeles RaR;ls, the 
Atlanta Falcons and the San Fran-
cisco 4gers as well. And even af-
ter skewering La Verne, 14-0, 
UCSD had plenty of scoring 
punch left to dominate a tough 
Azusa Pacific squad, 4-0, yester-
day. The two thumpings raised the 
Tritons' record to 7-0-1. 

Because Azusa is an NAIA 
team, Wednesday's tussle with the 
Cougars may have been techni-
cally less important than the La 
Verne game, but you would have 
had a tough time convincing the 
Tritons of thaI. Azusa has always 
given UCSD fits with a rough-
and-tumble style that, in the past, 
has thrown the less-physical Tri-
tons off their game. 

But if UCSD was intimidated, 
it got over it very quickly. Just 
three minutes into the contest, 
Dawn Lee took a Triton corner 
kick from the left side. Her cross 
found the head of sophomore Ele 
Johnson, stationed at the near post, 
who deflected the ball into the 
center of the net to give UCSD a 
1-0 lead. 

But that was the only shingle 
UCSD could hang on the 
scoreboard for the first half. Not 
that the team didn't have the op-
portunities. Tritons' Daphne 
Farnum and Carin Pugh both had 
shots skip just outside the 
goalposts, while Amanda 
Johnson's rocket look some paint 
from the crossbar with it as it 
whistled by just an inch too high. 

Azusa Pacific was playing its 
role as aggressor to the hilt. Cou- . 
gar defenders, who were by-and-
large no match for the Triton 
speed, took every opportunity to 
lay an elbow or shoulder on a 
UCSD attacker. But unlike some 
past Cougar-Triton matchups, 
UCSD fought back and went to 
the body almost as much its op-
ponents. 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

M.'. Soccer: . 
Sat., Oct. 8, vs. Trinity University at Triton Field, 3 p.m. 

Women' ... coer: 
Fri., Oct. 7, vs. Westmont College at lriton Reid, 3 p.m. 

W ..... '. Vol..,.....: 
Fri., Oct. 7, VS. Westmont College at Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

Sat., Oct. 8, at Cal State Bernardino, 7 p.m. 
... ' ...... ,010: 

Sat., Oct. 8, vs. UC Irvine at Canyonview Pool, Noon 

YIIIIOv ZOIotom/Guan1l1t1 
Sophomore !Ie Johnson huds lot ...... In W ... .......,'. victory. 

STRUCK: Christian 
Heritage sees second-
coming in UCSD 
men's 10-0 thumping 
By BrIM K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

Thjngs not going the way they 
were supposed to? Confidence 
down? Need a lillIe pick-me-up to 
get back on the right track? The cor-
rect answer was D, all the above, for 
the UCSD men's soccer team as of 
last Saturday. There's nothing like 
back-to-back, goal-shattering shut-
outs to pull an ever-strange season 
into the proper perspective. 

One would think a 6-0 smother-
ing of host UC Santa Cruz last Sun-
day was proof positive that a surpris-

i~gly win-deprived record of 5-5 was 
far from indicative of what a Divi-
sion III-defending National Cham-
pion was capable of accomplishing. 

Guess not. The Slugs actually sljd 
away relatively unscathed compared 
to what the Christian Heritage 
Hawks (2-8) suffered in Monday's 
one-sided affair. The Tritons gutted, 
skinned and saut6ed the Hawks, 10-
0, improving their seasonal record 
to a more respectable 7-5. 

Granted, neither foe was any-
thing to write home about. 

"We knew we were going to have 
our way with Christian Heritage be-
fore we even stepped on the field," 

See RUN, Page 13 

Although they were ahead 1-0, 
UCSD was beginning to lose con-
trol of the game. "At halftime I told 
them to start challenging Azusa 
more. But the first five minutes of 
the second half we nearly let them 
dominate us," UCSD Head Coach 
Brian McManus said. 

SOCCER'S SCORING HIGHUGHTS 

Before that could happen though, 
the Tritons took a comer kick with 
just over 16 minutes gone. This time 
Lee's pass found teammate Carrie 
Peer in the middl.e of the penalty box. 
Peer trapped the ball and fired a 
waist-high bullet to the left corner 
of the net to give UCSD a Iiule in-
surance at 2-0. 

"[Peer's] goal was IS good a goal 
as you'll see and that was what 
settled us down in the second half," 
McManus said. 

Settled indeed. Just 30 seconds 
See HIT, Pace 13 

• • .,'010: 
UCSD upsets 
Chaminade, 
11-5, and Long 
Beach, 9-8, at 
last weekend's 
Stanford 
Invitational 

T~I shots on ,oal ("nee Monday): 
UCSD Women ' ., 46 

Men'. 0cNIII AIIIIts 
Bra. SonnichNn • 0 Matt Chilton 2 2-
Ken A4III s i.L 
Todd Curran 2- 2-
Nate HettIerInIlon • I 

INSIDE: W_'. 
Vone,tIlII: 
Tritons 
pummel Point 
'Loma In four 
sets, show 
poise In 
secondgeme 

Women', ..... AIIIIts 
CerrlePMr I I 
Dawn Lee 2- • 
..... JoInon 4 0 
Carin Pugh 3 2 
ae ........ I S 

IloInInIc I.OtIIIIe/GuInIIn 

• I 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART. a EN' E R T A I N MEN' 0 C T 0 B E R 6, 1 9 9 4 

,IN THE 

nEWS 
F' L M 

THESE FILMS WILL 
OPEN IN THEATERS 
TOMORROW. 

• Sylvester Stallone and Sharon 
Stone supposedly hated each 
other while filming The Special-
ist, but apparently liked each 
other enough to film some steamy 
shower scenes in this action 
movie, which also stars James 
Woods. 

• Marisa Tomei and Matthew 
Broderick star as a cute couple in 
Only You, a romantic comedy. 

• An uncut version of Bernardo 
Bertolucci's 1970 film The Con-
formist opens for a five-day run 
at the Ken Cinema in Kensington. 
This cut includes a five minute 
sequence never seen in the United 
States. Info: 283-5909. 

• Caro Diario, a film about the 
life of an Italian film director, 
opens at the Hillcrest Cinemas. 
The film is in Italian with En-
glish subtitles. 

ALBUMS 
THESE ALBUMS WILL BE 
IN STORES ON TUESDAY 

• The Cramps will release a 
new album enti:led Fltunejob. 

• Christmas is still a couple 
months away, but Tony Bennett, 
Ben Keith &; Friends and Neil 
Diamond will Rleasec:ollcctions 
ofYuletidellOllp. Elvis Presley's 

IfE~ry Day IWIS LiM ChristnuJs 
will also be reissued. 

• The Golden Palominos, a band 
which has featured Syd Straw, 
Public Imap Limited's 1011n 
Lydon and R.E.M.'s Mich.1 
Stipe as guea .. OD previous al-
bums, will release' Pure. 

'I' I l' 1 ~. : l r. L ; ,) 
• The Crosby, Stills and Null 
concert Khoduled for Oct 14 at 
SDSU's Opea Air Amphithealie 
bas been cancelled due to ... 
illness of a bind member. net-
eta can be re ........ the pelt 
of purchase. ., 

" 

, 

.Tidte .. goon .... Fridayal~ 
Lm. for Frecdy JoIIMton'. c:qn-
c:eltIlSDSU'. ar·blronNcw. 
3. Info: 220-TIXS. 

• 

7 Year Bitch ..,. Friday niIht. 

Seattle S 7 Year Bitch 
arul over 200 

national-arullocal 
acts will play at the 

three-day, four-night 
music festival and 

conference 

1-1 igh profile music magazines such as Rolling Stone and Bill-board have raved 
about the local music scene in San Di-
ego. On any given weekend, perfor-
mances by local acts pack small venues 
and nightclubs. This week-
end, however, local music fans have 
quite an offering from which to choose. 
Local acts will do their best to impress 
the representatives from major record 
labels who will flock to San Diego for 
the Third Annual Independent Music 
Seminar. 

The seminar, which begins tonight 
and runs through Sunday, will feature 
workshops as well as live performances 
by over 250 bands. Although access to 
the seminars and concerts requires an 
$80 admission fee, you can purchase a 
pass to just the concerts for $15. It's 
definitely one of the cheapest ways to 
check out local talent such as 
aMINlA TURE, Driptank, Deadbolt and 
Contra Guerra. National acts perform-
ing at the festival include Novamob, 7 
Year Bitch, Foreskin 500, Unsane and 

Alice Donut. During a recent phone interview, 7 Year 
Bitch's bassist Elizabeth Davis spoke about her band's 
re<:ent signing to Atlantic Records. 

"When we first signed, I had real bad insomnia and was 
all freaked out about it," Davis said. "The more I talked to 
people who worked at the label, the more I relaxed because 
they are not going to want the record if we are not ready to 
do it. The people there care so much more about our music 
and are more into it than C(l Records [the band's previous 
label]. It's the opposite of what most people think. I feel 
more important to the people at Atlantic. 

"I just hope people don't think we suck because we are 
on a major label, although I can understand that. We were 
able to quit our day jobs, and I love not working. We 
couldn't do that on CIZ. We toured all the time and couldn't 
keep a job and weren't making any money, so we were 
fucked. I didn't have an apartment for two years." 

The band counts actress Drew Barrymore among its fans 
and appears in her upcoming film Mad Love. The group 
also recorded a new song for the album's soundtrack but 
doesn't plan to record its first album for Atlantic until 
April. 

Seven Year Bitch's most recent release, Viva Zapata, 
was released on the Seattle-based crz Records. Zapata is 
dedicated to Mia Zapata, the lead singer of the Oits who 

See BITCH, pace H2 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian 

BITCH: Band 
finds comfort at 
Atlantic Records 
ContInued flam ..... Hi 
was raped and murdered last 
year. The release of the album . 
has actually contributed to the re-
newed search for the murderer. 

"The way the police are dealing 
with Mia's c:ue is very hush-hush. I 
know that lOme witnesses came for-
ward finally a yearafter the murder," 
Davis said. "The Seattle music cOm-
munity is funding the investigation 
and it has changed things a 10L It's 
such a high price to pay to get a 
community feeling, but I've been 
blown away by how supportive 
people have been." 

Singer-guitarist Joan Jett, who is 
often seen as a predecessor to the riot 
gml movement, also dedicated her 
video and song "Go Home" to Zapata. 

Davis said that even though all-
female bands may have a strong fol-
lowing in alternative music circles, 
it doesn 't mean that the fans are 
more enlightened when it comes to 
women's issues. 

On a recent tour with Cypress 
Hill and Rage Against the Machine, 
Davis said the band encountered 
hostile audiences. 

"We've had really bad crowds 
with Cypress Hill. At every show, 
people were yelling 'show us your 
tits.' You scratch the surface and 
there's Archie Bunker underneath." 

Thunday, October 6, 1994 

Novamob 
Novamob 
............ 

Bob Mould is not the only ex-
Hfisker Dii member making 
waves on the college rock scene 
thcscdays. While Mould has gone 
on to receive critical acclaim with 
his band Sugar, Grant Hart, who 
played drums with Hiisker Dii 
and now plays guitar and sings 
with Ncivamob, has written 11 
catchy songs for Novamob's third 
album. 

Led by tracks such as "Old 
Empire" and "Little Miss Infor-
mation," the self-titled album has 
a guitar-oriented pop sensibility 
that makes it an inspiring indie 
release. 

Novamob does have some low 
points, however. "I Won't be 
There Anymore" and "Please 
Don't Ask" sound like cheesy, 
heavy metal ballads instead. 

Now Playing in Selected Cities. Starts Friday, 
October 7th at Theatres Everywhere. 

Seven Year Bitch will play with 
Tit Wrench and Alice Donut at the 
Casbah at 8:30 p.m. on Friday. For 
more information on the concert, call 
232-4355. For information on IMS, 
call 234-9400. 

Novamob will play with Sis-
ter Psychic, Big Tension, Cub 
and Chinchilla at Bodies at 8:30 
p.m. today as partofthe Indepen-
dent Music Seminar. For more 
information, call 232-4355. 

Just 5 Min. From Campus! 

KARL STRAUSS 
BREWERY GARl>ENS 

Located in tbe San Diego Tech Center, Karl StrIU51 Brewery Gardens features a 
microbrewery and a 320-seat restaurant set amidst five and one-half acres of perfectly 
mamcured Oriental gardens, which includea waterfall, Koi pond and quietwalkmg paths. The 
new facility also bas a private conference room, indoor-()utdoor bar, tiered outdoor decks, a 
specialty cotTeeJespresso bar and a take-()ut counter. The building's Oriental design parallels 
Munich' s famous Chinesischer Turm Bi~rgarten, or Chinese Pagoda Beer Garden, 
which is distinctly identified by its tall Chinese pagoda. In that tradition , 
Karl Strauss BreweryGardenl otTers a unique and picturesque setting fordining, weddings. 
banquets and enjoying Master Brewer Karl Sttauss' handcrafted beers. 

KARL STRAUSS -
Voted San Diego's Best Microbrewery 

THREE YEARS IN A ROWI 
San Diego Magazine '92, '93 &: '94 

-JeffN ..... 

TON)' AWARD-WINNING COMPANY! 
The National Theatre of the Deaf 

presents 

A madcap 
comedy by 
Eugene Labiche & 

Marc-Michel 

You See & Hear Every Word! 

OCTOBER 22 • SATURDAY • 8PM 
UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $18 • STUDENTS $14 • SR.CIT. $16 

1t PRESENTED.Y UCSD Box OFFICE UCSD UNIVERSITY 534-6467 EVENTsOmCE 

Thanda,., October 6,1994 

THIS WEEK 
to d iY 

Eddie Murphy stan in "vwly 
".. Cop III, one of last summer's 
most disappointing sequels. The film 
shows at 6:30, 9 and 11:30 p.m. at 
the Price Center Theatre. Tickets are 
$1 in advance, $2 day of the show. 
Info: 534-4399. 

PoIrtown, a band which features 
Terry Bomo, a former member of 
the Missing Persons, will play at the 
Flash Caf6 in Mission Valley at 7 
p.m. Tickets are $10. Info: 563-0024. 

Cnah T_t Dummies will play 
with" at 8 p.m. at the Spreckels 
Theatre. Tickets are $20. Info: 220-
TIXS. 

friday 
Candiebox, Mother Tonpe 
and The """'inc Lips play at the 
Price Center Ballroom at8 p.m. Tick-
ets for students are $17.50 in ad-
vance. Info: 534-4090. 

AlIce Donut, TIt Wrench, 7 
V .... BItch, No Knife and MCM 
II the Moniter will play at Ihe 
Casbah at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $8. 
Info: 232-4355. 

Peter Criss, formerly ofthe heavy 
metal group KISS, will perform at 
the Flash Caf6 in Mission Valley at7 
p.m. Tickets are $10. Info: 563-0024. 

saturday 

fint groups from San Diego to be 
signed to a major record label, will 
perform at the Flash Caf6 in Mission 
Valley at 7 p.m. Tickets are $10 in 
advance, $12.50 at the door. Info: 
563-0024. 

u...., Mt. SMstIandChune 
will play at the Casbah at 7:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $7. Info: 232-4355. 

F.t. ..... an Italian-American 
celebration, will feature food from 
20 different regions of Italy, an Ital-
ian car show and I wine-tasting area 
at the Embarcadero Marina Parle 
South from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. The 
event continues on Sunday. Tickets 
are $6. Info: 598'()533. 

sunday 
The rap group De La Soul will 
perform at the Flash Cafc. in Mission 
Valley at 7 p.m. Tickets are $15. 
Info: 563-0024. 

monday 
Nine Inch N.II, the hit of the 
recent Woodstock revival, will play 
at the Sports Arena with M.tyn 
M .... and the Jim Rose Cir-
cus at 7 p.m. Tickets are' $21.50 in 
advance, $25 the day of the show. 
Info: 570-1222. 

tuesday 
CI'ocJIrfyn shows at 8 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theatre. Tickets are $ 1 
in advance. Info: 534-4399. 

wednesday 

The UCSD Guardian 

Gnp W" at the Dream Street in 
Pacific Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $8.50 in advance, $10 the day of 
the show. Info: 222-8131. 

Poet .... Ann Brown will speak 
as part of a wee~y poetry series 
sponsored by the Department of Lit-
erature at 4:30 p.m. at Bldg. 408 at 
the University Center. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-4383. 

T ...... de DMZII EspMoIa, a 
flamenco dance group from Spain, 
will perform al 8 p.m. at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickels for 
students are $16. Info: 534-4090. 

Antonio A. Feliz will read from 
and sign Outo/the Bishop's Closet, 
a book about Mormon prejudice to-
ward gays, al 7:30 p.m. at the Obe-
lisk Bookstore in Hillcrest. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 297-4171. 

THEATER 
Lamb'. PI.yerl The.tre: 

The BellI F ........ ,oneofthe TheT .... Hipwillplaywith 

Stephen Schwartz' and Roger 
Hirson's "Pippin," a musical about 
the son of King Charlemagne, opens 
tomorrow. Performances are at 7:30 

IT'S POOH'S BIRTIIDAY! /OINTHE CELEBRATION! 

"* LA. .... """~ 
CiMr', 

--"* 
"", ... a_. 
CMr',~ 

~ 
...... 
,.. ........ 
.. .,.. 

British actor Peter Dennis reads 
from A. A. Milnes books 
October 16. Su~ 

UCSD Mandev. AlHItorium 
SPECIAL a.n. .. ·s Matinee: 2pm 

,.",.."" • ".,t ... c .. t"t" 
,.,., ,.., IrwwIt. '-r} 

Evening 
SIIow: .... 
UCSD ... OffIce 

534-6467 

p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, and 
at 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, with 2 
p.m. matinees on Saturday and Sun-
day. Tickets range from $18 to $23. 
Info: 437-0600. 

........, PIIlyhouse: Chay 
Yew's "Porcelain," a play about a 
corrupt criminal psychologist who 
investigates a murder committed by 
a gay Asian, runs through Oct. 29. 
Performances are al8 p.m. Thursday 
through Saturday. Tickets range from 
$10 to S12. Info: 574-1060. 

San DIep Reperialy1beatre: 
Three sisters try to protect their small 
town in Pearl C1eage's"Ayin' West," 
which runs through Oct. 8. Perfor-
mances are at 8 p.m. Tuesday through 
Saturday, and at 7 p.m. on Sunday, 
with matinees at 2 p.m. on Wednes-
day and Sunday. Tickets range from 
$1910 $25. Info: 235-8025. 

Theatre In Old .Town: The mu-
sica I "Forbidden Broadway '94" runs 
through Nov. 19. Performances are 
at 8 p.m. Wednesday through Fri-
day, at6 and 9 p.m. on Saturday, and 
at 2 and 7 p.m. on Sunday. Tickets 
range from $20-$25. Info: 688-2494. 

Old Clobe The.tre: A.R. 
Gurney's comedy "Later Life" runs 
through Oct. 30. Performances are at 
8 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday, with 
matinees at 2 p.m. on Salurday and 
Sunday. Tickets range from $19 to 
$34. Info: 239-2255. 

Sweetooth Comedy Theatre: 
A.R. Gurney 's "Love Letters" runs 
through Dec. Performances are at 8 
p.m. Friday through Saturday. Tick-
ets are $15. Info: 544-9079. 

HIATIJS 3 

GALLERIES 
Museum of Photocraphlc 
AnI: "WIGS: An Installation by 
Lorna Simpson" will be on display 
through Oct. 30. Simpson, an artist 
from Brooklyn, NY, has mounted a 
variety of wigs on felt. Gallery hours 
are 10a.m. t05 p.m. Monday through 
Sunday. Admission is S3. Info: 238-
7559. 

Crore C".rr. "Neon III," on 
display through Nov.5,fealuressome 
of the works of the country 's top 
neon artists. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday (rom 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 
2 p.m. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2021. 

Porter R ...... I Cdety: "The 
Poelry Series," an exhibit of draw-
ings by Jose Dedia based on the 
poems of UCSD Professor of litera-
ture Quincy Troupe, runs through 
Nov. 12. Dedia was born in Cuba and 
recently moved to the United Stales 
after living in Mexico. Gallery hours 
are Tuesday through Saturday from 
noon to 5 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 551-8884. 

University Art Callery: "Ap-
paritions by Vital Signs" runs 
through Oct. 30. The interactive 
virtual reality exhibit, which al-
lows viewers to log on to the 
Internel, was directed by Sheldon 
Brown, a professor of Visual Arts 
at UCSD and is part of the bina-
tional "inSITE '94" exhibit. Gal-
lery houn are Tuesday Ihrough 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free . Info: 534-2864. 



• 

HIATUS " The UCSD Guardilua 

WARNER BROS. PIIESENIS 
• JERRY WEINTRAUB PfIOOUCTIOH • AlM BY LUIS UOSA SYLVESTER STAUONE SHARON STONE JAMES WOODS ' THE SPECIALIST" 

WITH ROD STEIGER AND ER:C ROBERTS _ JACK HOFSTRA,' C E. ~JEFFREY l. KIMBAll, ' SC. ~JOHN BARRY -'&R.J. LOUIS 
~STEVE BARRON & JEFF MOST AND CHUCK BINOER -;:ALEXANORA SEROS """1IJERRY WEINTRAUB .II1iIIl 

IRJ .... L 1_lWIu .... ~ltJm .... l'ICiiUiiiill -=-: lUIS LlOSA... " ..... _~~= .. 
OPENS OCTOBER 7 TH EVERYWHERE 

SPAINS PREEMINENT 
FLAMENCO DANCE 

COMPANY! 

OCTOBER 12 
WEDNESDAY· BPM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $22 • STUDENTS $16 

UCSD Box OFFICE· 5346467 

1t iii 9 '-' iW5i.iir~;4; · ~ ........ u __ 'IY' -===,~ -.. .. -........... . 
-

Tlaunday, OeIeIMr 6, 1994 

MU S Ie 
-

H.E.M. 
Monster 

EvenbeforeR.E.M. wasahouse-
hold name, lead singer Michael Stipe 
wrestled with his role as a popsinger. 
During early live performances, 
Stipe would often sing with his back 
to the audience, and the band's early 
success supposedly disturbed him 
to the point of a nervous breakdown 
during the recording of Fables of 
the Reconstruction in 1985. 

Recent songs such as "Losing 
My Religion" and "Radio Song" 
were honest but relatively benign 
attempts to deal with the process of 
songwriting and stardom. With the 
exception of his fiery appearances 
on the band's 1986 tour, Stipe has 
hid behind a shy, elusive public per-
sona, even appearing giddy and 
childish during appearances at award 
ceremonies. With the band's new 
release, Monster, the kid gloves have 
come off. 

Guitarist Peter Buck has em-
ployed a variety of guitar effects 
(mostly tremolo) in the effort to 
create a raw, driving sound. On songs 
such as "King of Comedy" and "I 
Took Your Name," Stipe aggres-
sively lets listeners know he is un-
willing to be reduced to a commod-
ity. While Nine Inch Nails' Trent 
Reznor has turned the refra in '" want 
to fuck you like an animal" into the 
youth culture anthem of] 994, Stipe 
offers his own set of erotically vio-
lent refrains on Monster, from "I'd 

settle for a cup of coffee, but you 
know what I really need" ("I Don't 
Sleep, I Dream") to "These words, 
'You will be mine, all the time'" 
("Strange Currencies") and "You 
bang, bang, bang, bang and bang! 
blame, blame and blame" ("Bang 
and Blame"). 

On Monster, questions concern-
ing Stipe's sexuality are not re-
solved. On "King of Comedy," he 
sings "I'm straight, I'm queer, I'm 
bit I'm not your king of comedy." 

Other tracks on Monster are pro-
pelled by a restrained rage. Buck 
dominates t.he mix on the single 
"What's the Frequency, Kenneth?" 
"Bang and Blame" and "Let Me In," 
"Let Me In," a song Stipe wrote 
about the suicide of Nirvana lead 
singer Kurt Cobain, consists almost 
solely ofBuck 's swirlingguitarwork 
and Stipe's barely audible vocals. 
Thesongjoins Neil You ng 's " Sleeps 
with Angels" and Sinead 
O'Connor's cover of Nirvana 's" All 
Apologies" as a gripping attempt to 
deal with Cobain's death. 

R,E.M. has already announced 
tour dates for Australia, Japan and 
Europe, and plans to hit the states in 
the Spring. The rock-oriented songs 
on Monster should translate well in 
a live setting, and the tour may just 
tum into one of the year's musical 
highlights. 

-WIN ..... 

Tlaunday, Oetober6, 1994 

ART 

• Courtesy 01 San DIeGO Museum of Art 
Econ SchI.I.' •• ecUnIn& Woman with 0...... Stocklnp." 

Egon Schiele 
Rare exhibit by underrated Austrian artist 
on display at San Diego M~eum of Art 

By c..UdeII 
Staff Wrlter 

Austrian artist Egon Schiele (1890-1918) 
may not have been around long enough to be as 
famous or familiar as Vincent van Gogh or 
Gustav Klimt, but with his individual flair he 
displayed ingenuity and talent which deserves 
recognition of its own. 

Schiele lived his 28 years treading on his 
own pith, and in doing so caused quite a bit of 
commotion. While rejecting tradition and aca-
demic instruction in the arts, Schiele created 

his own style of expressionism. Even though 
directly influenced by K1imt. Schiele flavored 
his art in I more bare and provocative way. 
, The imagery in his work has commonly 
been described as forceful and disturbing, but 
when delving beyond the surface into his 
themes of emotion, suffering and the self, the 
controversy dies down and his intensive voice 
comes through. Presently, an elaborate, retro-
spective exhibition of more than 70 drawings, 
watercolors and paintings is on display at the 

See SCHIELE, page H6 

.1Wo of the most pop'~ 
on campus tills 

bundles 
year. 

Now you can rea1Jy clean up when )UU buy a select Macintoslf Performa~ For research resources. Plus ClarisWorks, an intuitive, integrated package with a spreadsheet, 
a limited time, it romes bundled with a unique new student software set available only word processor, database and more. Buy a select Performa with CD-ROM, and you'll 
from AilI*. (t~ all the software ~'re IiRIy to need in college, \bu'1J get software that also get a multimedia Ubrary of essential reference tools, And now, with an Apple. 
takes )00 throu&ft every aspect of wri~ papers, the only persooaI organizer/calendar Computer Loan, you can own a Macintosh for less than a dollar a Appl 
aealed b" your ~ ~ and th! Internet CooJpanion k} help )UU tap into on-line day! Its the power every student needs. The power to be your best~ !I.e . 

'4·m:{-j !t~i'f. 
L .. ~I I 
I If )1 I k' '( l i ll 

UCSD BookStore Computer Center 534-4291 



HIATUS 6 

Global Internship 
and Language 

Programs 

1IIeIIItInI1 .. ,.. 
,.,,...,.. ........................... ,,11: 

.... 0---,.... ' '......-
m~ ............ Q, ........ mu ' '17~ 

......... 1,2, ... 3 ............... ,.. .. _ ....... 
y ......... ~ •• .,,-- ' ............ 

... It', .... _ I I' I .. UI ..... ArtI .... _ 
OI--. ___ o ..... fta:e 0.... a....., ..... 

O~... a.,..,."'" Oa-allll.fta:e oOllaod. ....... 
0 ........... Ow ........ D.C. 0........ a ....... ..., 
O ...... OiII 0 ....... -.. DQIiID. bIdar 

O~a..., Dv .... ..., OIW",....-- _ _ -*.,."".,.". ________ _ 
I .............. ~ d ..... ,... 1111 ~ ,......-(drdI-), MBe ___________________ ~ 
S.. ~ ______ _ 
Sllle ____ Zip ___ _ 

Zebra 
Copy 
Nnlimited 

Copies 
3.5~ ea. 
8:5" x 11" • 20# white 

self serve 

'. l .iO Hq.~cnls Park How 
Suite 1:10 

LI Jolla . t.\ ~:!O:\7 

457-1007 

Phone~( --1:0 _____ _ 

.......-,. -NEW PATIENT SPECIAL!--. 
Costa 'llerie tJJen tistrg 

.. ~ :$45~ 
EXAM, 

"', CLEANING & 

'.,. 

/ ~ X-RAYS (biMwing) 
A COSMETIC & FAMILY DENTISTRY & ORAL SURGERY 
A We're open evenings and weekends! 
A Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
A Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
A Straighten teeth without braces 
A Special introductory offer-$lS0 teeth whitening (per arch)-
A 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
A Plenty of flee parking! 

CAllUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
1650 0. ••• Ave., Sui111312 

w. CIIICIIfJf'" .......... plana aNI ... major ad .. 

n.. UCSD Guardiu 

SCHIELE: 
Artist explores self in 
explicit portraits 
Ca .. ul .......... HI 
San DieaoMuseum of Art. This is a 
unique opportunity to view Schiele's 
work, which has not been shown in 
the United States since 1965. 

The exhibit consists of works 
from aD periods of Schiele's artistic 
career, with subject matter ranging 
from landscapes and still life to pro-
vocative portraits of models. 

But Schiele's main subject is 
himself. As his many self-portraits 
sugest, Schiele was obsessed with 
his own image. Through creating 
exhibitionist versions of himself, he 
concentrates on the theme of alien-
ation. 

Works such as "Self·Portrait in 
Ulac Shirt" and "Self·Portrait with 
Raised Arms" may have bland titles, 
but the images in both works show 
how he thorouply scrutinizea him-
self.ln these two paintings, Schiele's 
VlCant facial expressions and lanky 
body depict both tension and calm, 

WhlllIocuIiai 011 the body, he 
often portrays distorted or ma-
....... poealDd ...... wIlic:h 
aIIo ... ..-his leIJdI·for penonal 
ideDdty, 

SddeIe', power liellDOItdiNc:dy 
in his portrayal of emotion which is 
ex.,...aecI by the human figure -
and be often UIeCI women's bodiea 
to elicit emotional respo_. The 
women in his nude poruaitsare more 
awkward than selllUOUl, their ex· 
pressions often void and dismal 

Schiele painted his models, as 
weD u himself, partic:ipatina in mas-
turbatory acts. He became quite in-
famous for his nude portraits and 
was even imprilOnocI for a 'hort 
time after a model of his saw some 
of his "indecent paintinp. .. 

Schiele's emphasis on his hands 
is noticeable in both his self-por-
traits and those of otben. Most of 
the hands are depicted as rough and 
masculine, including those of 
women and children, 

A worn rawneu in the hands 
represents the .ip of experience 
UId maturity. Wbetberan~ hand 
is visible or only one coveted fi .... , 

n.unda" 0et.IMr 6, 19M 
SdIieIe'. atteation eo human banda 
is compeIU., 

SdUeIe's use of color is aaodaer 
one of his tIademarb.. He employs 
colorful deaian .imiIar to Klimt's 
weD-known decorative styl. which 
beautifully highliahts an otherwise 
bland, charcoal sketda on white pa-
per, Other works are dominated by 

. both bri",t and somber colon which 
appear to signal distinct moods or 
emotions. 

This compRhe .. ive exhibit in-
cludes quite a few of Schiele's more 
weD-known works such as "Mother 
With Two Children III: "Sun-
flower" and "Embrace," but it also 
offers a selection of otben which 
are just u significant and memo-
rabl .. 

Schiele may not occupy tbesame 
foreground u his contemporaries, 
but he no doubt Rmai .. an indepen-
dent, visionary artist who managed 
to create poetic and controversial 
images. 

Schiele's work is on' display at 
the San Diego Muaeum of Art 
throu ... Oct, 30. For more informa-
tion, call 232-7931, 

PECIAL ADVANCE SCREE 

rue .... ' • October • 11 • 1:00 PM 
...... vIIIe AIItIItorIa. 

P ............... NOell .... ~., • OotoII.r 7tII UCID .. _H ........ c. __ 
.......... _ .. ........., .......... . 


