
ELSEWHERE 

....... ,Vot_to 
Le.ve UClA 
BERKELEY - The Associ-
ated Students of UC Berkeley 
(ASUC8) voted Wednesday. 
to once again pull out of the 
University of California 
Students Association 
(UCSA), the official repre-
sentative body of UC students 
to the Board of Rege,.ts and 
the state Legislature. Citing 
ineffective lobby of the 
regents and disagreements 
between the ASUCB and 
UCSA officers, Berkeley is 
now the second university to 
leave UCSA. UC Davis 
withdrew from UCSA last 
spring. 

Streakers Arrested 
Aft. ___ me Run 
DA VIS - Two UC Davis 
students face charges of lewd 
conduct for running across 
the football field naked 
during a recent evening game. 
Matthew Groza and Seth 
Sternam, both first-year 
students at UCD, were 
arrested by campus police 
after streaking the full length 
of the field. Both face fines of 
up to $1,000 and possible 
incarceration if convicted. 
Groza said the run was an 
attempt to "enliven" the game 
and that "Once we got to the 
30, they all cheered for us." 

Four-Y ....... Ai. 
PI ...... '. CICNII DAVIS - UC Davis recently 
began its new advising 
program "Finish in Four," to 
help students graduate from 
the university in four years. 
Students who participate in 
the program will see advisors 
each quarter to ensure t.hat the 
courses they select will meet 
graduation requirements."We 
have a bad reputation with the 
public about the time required 
to get a UC degree," said 
Carolyn Wall, the associate 
dean of the College of Letters 
and Science. "It is-time to 
correct that misperception." 

INSIDE 

SAFE 
OPINION: Business 
interests steer U.S. 
foreign policy 4 

.... 1S: Men's soccer' 
suffers a 3-ZIoss to 
Division I USD 11 

INDEX 

UOID IIIlID'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN a IIOIBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI , 
SPOI'I1 ................................... 11 
aA8SIFIIII8 ................... : ....... 14 

USED 

, H I u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1994 

Regents Propose Eight 
Percent Budget Hike 
FINANCE: Future fee 
increases contigent on state 
appropriation 
ByM· ......... VIIII 
Associate News Editor 

The University of California will request a 
7.9 percent increase in state funding as part of its 
budget proposal for the 1995-96 academic year. 

The increase, which would add approximately 
$145.4 million to the current $1.83 billion bud-
get, would go toward "stabilizing the university 's 
fiscal situation," according to UC spokesman 
Mike Alva. 

The budget proposal will be discussed today 
by the Board of Regents at its meeting in San 
Francisco. 

According to Alva, if the state provides the 
See BUDGET, Page 3 

STONES ROLL ON 

yt/llm Zolotom/GuIlfl1lIf1 
Mlck .................. Iout crowd of U, 791 et J_k Murphy Shldlum brlnct ... In 
more ...... *2 mIUIon In ticket ...... See story, H1. 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 83 , ISSUE 9 

Roosevelt 
Dedication 
CerelDony 
Postponed 
FIRST LADY: CI inton cancels 
visit to attend peace treaty 
signing in Middle East 
By Mlch.1 Neum.n 
Guardian Reporter 

Next Thursday 's dedication ceremony of 
Eleanor Roosevelt College, which was to be 
highlighted by a visit from First Lady Hillary 
Rodham Clinton, was unexpectedly postponed 
until January, 1995. 

The ceremony was suspended after Clinton 
canCeled her UCSD visit when she received a 
personal invitation to attend the signing of a 
peace treaty between Israel and Jordan in Iman, 
Jordon on Oct. 26. 

Roosevelt College Provost Ann Craig said 
the college respects Clinton ' s decision because 
of its philosophy of international education, and 
promotion of cultural diversity and active citi· 
zenship. 

Although Clinton will not be available to 
speak as scheduled, Craig said that the First 
Lady may attend the rescheduled dedication in 
January. 

.. Hillary Clinton is a major public figure who 
has publicly identified with Eleanor Roosevelt," 
said Roosevelt College Dean David Matthews. 
Matthews said that Clinton considers Roosevelt 
a role model, leader and femiilist worthy of 
admiration. 

Pablo Mendoza, student activities coordina-
tor of Roosevelt College said, "We believe that 
there's an appropriate tie-in between ... Eleanor 
Roosevelt and Hillary Clinton because both of 
them, Hillary Clinton in a modern sense, are 
active, very involved with social issues, very 
participatory in the presidency, and do not see 
the role of First Lady as just sitting back and 
staying back. 

"They actually participated in helping form 
policy," Mendoza added. 

Approximately 30 Roosevelt family mem-
bers were scheduled to attend the ceremony, in 
addition to former Fifth College Provost Jamie 
Lyon and former Dean Harriet Marsh, both of 
whom were founders of Fifth College. 

The Roosevelt College Provost's office said 
that all participants are still eager to attend the 
rescheduled dedication ceremony in January. 

The year-long dedication of Roosevelt Col-
lege includes numerous other activities accord-
ing to Matthews. Actress Toni Gilman, who has 
a long history on Broadway and in cinema will 

See CEREMONY, Page 10 

Project Suggests 'Drastic' Revisions to State Constitution 
By HeetMr MeR .. 
Gun"" Reporter 

The Law and Behavioral Sci-
ence Project (LAB.S .. ) at UCSD 
has taken on the task of assistina a 
new llalecommission to recommend 
revisions to California's constitu-
tion. 

Memben bepn their work after 
the CaliforDia Constitutional Revi-
lion CoIIImiaaioa wu est8bliabed 

in Fall 1993 by the state Legislature 
and Gov. Pete Wilson to analyze 
and sUllcst improvements to the 
state constitution. 

"The task of the California Con-
stitutional Revision . Commission 
will be to offer a careful plan for 
drastic: constitutional reform," said 
UCSD Political Science Profcuor 
and Project Director Mathew 
Mc:Cubbi ... 

The LA8.S. project will act as 
an advisory body to the commission 
and inform the public about the ef-
fects of the. possible constitutional 
revisions. 

Assistant Political Science Pro-
fessor and L.A. B.S. Project Coordi-
nator Arthur Lupia said project 
members will study problems in the 
Californiaaovernment aodconsider 
fadon that affect the writill8 of I 

constitution. 
According to McCubbins, "(The 

project] first needs to bring to light 
the impoltant underlying principles 
of democntic government and ex-
plore them in relation to the specifIC 
need of California." 

The LA. B.S. ' research is bro-
ken into three phases, begiMing with 
a series of editorials discussing con-

See RftIIION, Pace 3 • 



2 NEWS 

New Charter May Cut 
Publications' Funding 
A.S.: Alternative publications may have to solicit 
advertising to cover costs of printing 
By Elaine Camueo 
Senior Staff Writer 
NlnalIoIChton 
Guardian Reporter 

Campus alternative media publi-
cations may face greater financial 
autonomy if the Associated Students 
approve a new Media Board charter 
currently in consider-
ation. 

to the volunteer nature of alterna-
tive media," she said. "This new 
legislation will cut down on waste 
and make the media operate more 
efficiently." . 

However, Koala Editor in Chief 
Tom Schmitt said he does not think 
the proposal will work because the 

funding require-
ments of the sec-
ond option would 
place too much 
burden on a plica-
tions ' volunteer 
staffs. 

"It's hard 

Under the pro-
posed charter, written 
by A.S. Comissioner 
of Operations and 
Services Wally 
Lockwood, the A.S. 
would continue to 
fund miscellaneous 
expenses incurred by 
media, including mail 
services and office 
supplies. However, 
the charter presented 
two new funding op-
tions for altenative 
media printing costs. 

.. H' ..... d 

enough to get writ-
ers and stsff as it 
is, when we're not 
getting paid for the 
work we do. To 
have to solicit ad-
vertising as weil, 
isjust too much to 
ask," Schmittsaid. 

enou ... to,et 
writ .... and etaff 

The first option 
grants complete fund-
ing for a paper if it 
agrees to be published 
as a paid insert in the 
Guardian and ad-
heres to Guardian 
design standards. 

The second option 
continues to com-
pletely fund a 
publication's printing 
costs for one quarter, 
then decreases its 
funding five percent 
each quarter until the 
A.S. supplies only 80 
percent of the print-
ing costs. 

_H I., w ..... 
we're not ,.ttl.., 
paldforth. 
work we do~ To 
hav. to .,lcIt 
advertl ....... 
well, I. Just too 
much to ask. 
People up ...... 
hav.very 
dlffereat 
poIltlca' 
vI.wpolnts than 
the ..... nstr .. m 

Schmitt said 
the first option is 
contrary to the 
whole purpose: of 
alternative media. 

"That's why it 
is called 'altema-
tive media,' be-
cause it's an alter-
native to the 
Guardia"," 
Schmitt said. "A 
lot of the people 
up here have very 
different political 
viewpoints thin 
the mainstream 
media." 

Last Indicator 
Staff Writer Dan 
Hurst, who wrote media." 

-Tom SchmItt the current media 
In addition, the 

proposed charter al-
lows a representative 
from each alternative 
media to vote on fund-

Editor In Chief, the Koala committee char-
ter, said he did not 
see the need to re-

ing issues which the Media Board 
proposes. 

According to Lockwood, the 
changes are necessary because the 
A.S. cannot completely fund .11 of 
the alternative media publications. 

"The [A.S. budget) is finite. The 
A.S. does not have enough money 
to continue funding alternative me-
dia, " he said. 

The charter will be voted on by 
the A.S. Council Wednesday. 

Former Commissioner of Com-
munications Bik-na Park said that 
the new charter intends to reduce 
the inefficient use of funds by some 
media, a problem she said contrib-
utes to the A.S. media budget short-
fall. 

"There is a lot of waste going on 
by some media. I don't think the 
waste is intentional. I think it is due 

form the funding mechanism for 
alternative media. According to 
Hurst, alternative media affec:ts 
many people on campus and that 
other A.S. programs, such u events 
programming, could be cut instead. 

"If it's not broken, don't fix it. I 
don't think the alternative media is 
in need ofrepair," Hurst said. "[Al-
ternative] media on this campus is 
very special, and I don't think there 
are many other campuses that have 
the unique system we do." 

Currently, media funding for 
campus newspapers with large cir-
culations. such as the KoaUJ, which 
publishes up to 12 page issues, four 
times per quarter, average $7,200 to 
$7,soo per year. A paper with a 
small circulation, which publishes 
twice per quarter, costs an average 
of S2,OOO to $2,500 per year. 

""1.CSO~,....,..~ ... 1IuIdIrt .............. .., .............. 
1I1.CSO.~II ... ,.....,In~_""'In"".InIlll\.""''''''''''' 1ItdIr ....... 188t, .... __ ""1aO ..................... _1I 
lIIIIIIIdIIII ...... orlll. n. ......... lnfllNcl ... ..., ..... ----. 
II1II ~ ...... '" .... " "" lao ~ ...... " CIIIIII.- ... 
............. ""I.CSOGoMIIII .. ~_., ...... T-...... IIIIIII ... 
............ 111 ....... 

DOUI ALlXANDIIt, Editor In CIIW 
__ Mlu.a; Copy Editor 

ALII ...... THIIIIN, NeWI EdItor 
_ VIM., AuoclMe NeWI EdItor 

MIlA v.-u, OpInion EdItor 

..... UCSD Guudiaa ThuncIay, Oeaober 20, 1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BRIEFLY ••• 
President of Salk Institute Resigns 

Dr. Brian E. Henderson, president of the Salk 
Institute In La Jona resJCned yesterday after less than 
two years In the position. 

Henderson, who wes hired In fet)ruaIy of 1992, 
said that his admlnlstnlttve and fundralsl,. duties did 
not &lw him IIdeQuete time to pursue his cancer 
research at the University of Southam Cllifornla. His 
resl&natlon forces the Institute to resume Its search 
for another president. which In Henderson's case, 
took over four years. 

Nobel PrIze laureate Francis Crick will sarve as 
Interim president. 

Henderson, an epldemlolo&lst InvestIgatI~ the 
incidence and cause of cancer, was director of USC's 
I<enneth Noms Jr. ComprehensIve Cancer Center. He 
was recNIted by the pres~ biomedical research 
lab pertly because his skillin fundralsl,.. Henderson 
was ebIe to raise sa.8 million In 1993 end $11.8 
million this year, which were within short-term &oils 
but did not exceed the Institution's expectations. 

Institution officials said that the time Henderson 
spent on his research hindered his fund.r8lslna 
abilities 

Crick said that ftndlnc a new president wHI not be 
easy. "Ideally, you want a Nobel PrIze winner with a 
prlze-wlnning Mdralser, and if they exist, they're busy 
dolnc other jobs," CrIck seld. 

Jonas Salk, the scientist after whom the Institute 
is named, said he was sorry to hear of Henderson's 
decision. "However, I can well understand his desire 
to retum full time to his research ... for which he has 
a special &1ft .• 

..... '. POlltlon on ..... sIIItIv. AC ...... DIIcu ..... 
Elissa Polan of the American-Israel Public Affairs 

Committee (AIPAC) will live a lecture entitled, "Israel 
on the Le&lslatlve Agenda and Campalan '94" on Oct. 

24 at 7 p.m. at the Santa Cruz Room at the Price 
Center. The AJPAC Is a pro-Israellobby In the United 
States. The lecture will be followed by questions, 
discussions and refreshments. Polan will also provide 
Infonnatlon about careers and Internships In Washl,.. 
ton, D.C. 

The lecture will be hOsted by CoIIeCe Democrats, 
CoIJe&e ReptbJlcans, and San DIe&o Israel Public 
Affairs CommIttee. 

AI.- Hallow ... Blood DrIve at 
UnIv...n, Town Cent. 

This year's annual KGB-FM Halloween Blood Drive 
will take place at University Town Center and five other 
locations afOWld the county on friday, Oct. 28, be-
tween 10 a.m. and 8 p.m. The San DIe&o Blood Bank 
hopes to exceed last year's donations of CMII' 8SO 
pints of blood. 

ComrnemonItIve T-shirts and othef prizes will be 
&Mm to donors. Participants must be between the 
.. of 17 and 69 to be ellClbIt doncn. The entire 
process, which Includes fill,", cxa the questionnaire. 
donatI~ the blood and relexJnc with refreshments, 
takes about 40 minutes. 

.... nted Aquilla .. or,.. "_ 

...... Tours .... Pr •• 1IIbItIons . 
The Stephen Birch AquMum-Museum at Scripp's 

Intitutlon of Oceanography will host the Haunted 
Aquarfum on Oct. 31 from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. 

Included In the nJ&ht time tour will be a Halloween 
DIscovery Lab, a slide presentation h~1IChtIna Ihoul-

I~klni dee!>Ma creatures and special treats. 
Recular admission prices will be charged for this 

unique Halloween event. Decorations will be on dis-
play all day on Oct. 30 and 31. For more Information, 
call 534-F1SH. 

EAIIIDrIII: &34 eelO. News/Fe ..... : 1134-11228, 
OpInItn/SllOrtS: 113. 111182, HIIIIuI: II344M3 
...... 0IIIcI: 1134-3.111, Fa: 1134-711t1 

UCSD G......., 1100 G ........ DrIw 0318, 
Le JoIa, CA 82013-0318 

..... _ .......... UCID __ ~.._.·"· ....... 217 

Tinanday, October 20,1994 

BUDGET: 
Funding to go to 
hiring new faculty 
ContInued ........... 2-
requested funding, students will not 
be subject to fee bikes next year. 
However, in a statemeDt from the 
UC Office of the President, Jack 
Peltuon aid, "[T1ie university] rec-
ognizes the state's rascal difficul-
ties. Therefore, it may be necessary 

to condaue to look to student feel u 
one way to help fund the budpt. " 

In addition to covering inflation, 
a budget increase would be uaed to 
hire 120 Dew faculty members 
systemwide to stabilize the 18.7 to 1 
student to faculty ratio. 

A budget increase would initiate 
a five-year proc:eIS to raise fac:ulty 
salaries to the level of other compa-
rable universities. "Salary cuts and 
freezes have resulted in our facul-
ties' salaries lagging about nine per-

The UCSD G_rdia 

cent behind other comparable insti-
tutions," AlYa Slid. "We need to 
raile: salaries to continue to attract 
top-notc:h people." 

The proposal will be voted on at 
the Noy. 17 and 18 regents' meet-
ing. The budget will be finaliud by 
July 1, 1995. 

A systemwide 7.9 percent bud-
get increase wu requested for the 
1994-9S academic: year, but the 
University ofCalifomia wu granted 
only a 2 percent increase. 

ApPLY To BE THE NEXT ___ ---.;. ___ _ 

GUARDIAN AsSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

SUBMIT CUPS, RESUMt & COVER LETTER To THE 
GUARDIAN OmCE, C/O ALEx THIESEN, 

By MONDAY, OCT. 24 
CAll.. 534-6580 FOR MORE INFORMATION 

, " 

Think about the essential feature, whim work to get the job done. You've 
got to have these essentials when beginning any complex and arduous task, 
such as preparing for the MCAT_ Where does the rubber hit the road for 
MCAT prep? 

THE CLEARE.T, MOST CONCEPTUAL MATERIALS AVAILABLE. Cart.., WIIIiM the mitw materials for any course you 1ft com_III. Art they dear and to the poial? 
Do they SlnSl COIICI,1IIaI ...... talsl Art tlley IKAT-specific? Wauld you '., sllldyilll from theml 

ABSOLUTELY THE BEST INSTRUCTION You CAN GET. 
G"at mattrials destm I"at expIicaton. Mat about 1M iIIstructionl W. your iasIrudon haft IIS's or PhD'sl 
1m dille".t i.structon or just OM or twol Art dIey true teadlml What do former students say aIIout theml 

ENOUGH REQUIRED IN-CLASS TIME TO MAKE THE DIFFERENCE. 
Yau _ It lost IH" four days a WHIr (110 IIMs, 42 IIIHtiIp), to lean lid practice II the fUIIdame.taIs. 
IeguIar neb., motmtI you to do """ work at.... Does pur '""' em you Gis Ie'" of cOllllllitmentl 

PLENTY OF PRACTICE PROBLEMS, PASSAGES, ESSAYS, AND TESTS. 
(OIISistelll practicI and tffOI' analysis solidifies yaur priIIc proficielCY. W" you have diapOSbC tests~ W'. 
yau be required to complete IJ tKAT essays, or just two or tIIRt' Two proctored IlCATsl 1m practice HCATsl 

Go ahead and "kick the tire'i" on all the MCAT prep courses available to you • 
We've got what you need to get outstanding scores. Call for a brochure_ 

A ' 
Ealty Enrol Discount PBOFESSIOIAL 
ends Oct. 31st_ M" liT =-:.~-= <. \lJl > 

~-::;:i :!:~ PIEP COUISE-
455-1000A • . ., . V. 800 MD-BOUN'D 

Enrolling om! for Apr '95 
MeAT Preparation. 

~ .... -~-.~--- ... -~ /' III VLJ., ·,.a, ., III 11-1 
Ir: lOp '?ue.UC&A -I, _ fl"STIIE'lfIGEfSEBJODS UOIfJ'THErm." ~ 

NEWS 3 

REVISION: sion commission have been in-vited. 
Project raises issues "It is going to be the one chance 
of trade-off's in that all tbe people on the commis-

sion will have to deal with folks government who are experts on constitutional 
ContInued ...... PICe 1 designs and also real people at the 
stitutional issues ranging from the same time," Slid Lupia, who con-
budgetary process to the intitiative siders the third phase to be the 
and referendum process. most important. 

"We hope to raise such issues "If we can affect the way people 
in the public sphere to make citi- think. then this will have been use-
zens aware of the trade-offs that ful.lf we can influence people and 
must be made in order to create a get them to ask questions, then 
viable, luting governing struc- that will be the best impact we can 
lure," McCubbins said. have," Lupia added. 

The first editorial will be pub- "We knew that in the constitu-
lisbed in the Slut Diego Union- tional debate there would be a lot 
Tribune in November and run of politics. We weren't sure there 
weekly throughout state publica- would be a voice there saying, 
tions for several months. 'Look,herearethetrade-offs. You 

Next, the project will publish a can't have everything, there are 
collection of the editorials in a the things you can' t avoid,'" Lupia 
small book, modeled after the F ed- said. 
eraJist Papers, and printed by the .' Other UCSD member.. of the 
UCSD Press in 1995. "It will bring LA.B.S. project include Political 
the themes of the editorials to- Science Department faculty 
gether and flesh them out a bit," Elisabeth Gerber, Alan Houston, 
Lupia said. Tracy Strong; Communications De-

The final phase of the project is partment faculty Michael Shudson 
a public forum to discuss the con- and Robert Horwitz; and Associate 
stilutional revisions with state leg- History Professor Michael 
islators, academics and the public. Bernstein, in addition to possible 
All members of the state's revi- input from the student body. 

PRE~MED 
SEMINAR 
************ 

liJ PRE .. MED ISSUES: 
Getting ready, acing the MCAT, AMCAS, 
the application, admissions, & interviewing. 

li1 MEDICAL SCHOOL: 
Ot.m.oiew (/ StTattgies for success. 

liJ RESIDENCY/CAREER: 
Choosing the right spedtllt, far you! 
The future of medicine. 

TIME: 
Tuesday, Oct. 25th, 7 pm! 

PLACE: 
The Cove, Price Center 

(just ri8Iu ci the Olinae restaurant) 

SPEAKER: 
William H. Bresnick, M.D. 

UCSD Physician 
& MeAT exPert 

HOIted by: 

e,I.-!(tMT R".,.. 6l The UCSD Pte·~ alii 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItorllJl BoIIff1 

DOUGlAS ALEXANDER. Editor In 0I1ef 
SIMONE MillER. Covt Editor 

ALEXANDER lMIESEN. News Editor 
ANNA VAiSMAN. OpInion Editor 

1Ite UCSD _ .. pubII __ • _ ... ~ oICe111omie. Sen.,.... ~ 
O1S1114. ___ ........ __ .. ........., _oI .. ecIItDIIII ......... _ not 

~ IIIOM 01 ... uc _ 0I1IeIIfb." QUCSD. _ .. _ -....". 

Proposition 187 
Would Sink Our State 

The California elections have once again thrown our state into the 
national spotlight. Not only have we earned distinction for housing 
some of the nation's bloodiest campaign battles, but some of the 
nlltion's ugliest ballot measures as well, most notably, Proposilion 
187, the so-called "Save Our State" initiative. 

In a particularly gratuitous attempt to curb illegal immigration, 
Proposition 187 seeks to cut off all state social services, including 
"non-emergency" health care and K-12 education, from illegal 
immigrants. While roughly 60 percent of Californian residents 
support Proposition 187, few proponents are aware of the measure's 
dubious legal standing or the high costs it would enact on the state. 

One of the primary facets of the bill - the denial of primary 
education to "illegal" children - is unequivocally unconstitutional. 
In 1982, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Plyer v. Doe that undocu-
mented children do, in fact, have the right to public education. 
Proponents ofthe measure, including Gov. Wilson, assert that 187 
would ultimately challenge and overturn Plyer. 

While, according to most legal scholars, this would be highly 
unlikely, the anti-education provision is instructive of the tenor of 
the bill: cruel, irrational, costly. Such a policy would amounl to 
giving undocumented children a one-way ticket to America's 
underclass. Uneducated, unskilled and disaffected, many of Ihese 
children would only add to the state's woes by turning to crime and 
gangs, and ultimately, by filling state jails and morgues. 

The enforcement of this provision is also disturbing. Under the 
measure, school administrators and teachers would be enlisted in the 
fight against "illegals," forcing them 10 report undocumented chil-
dren and! or their parents to the proper law-enforcement officials. 
However, such police-state tactics are also illegal, according 10 the 
Federal Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERP A), and violating 
this law could cost California schools billions of dollars in federal 
funding. 

Though the educational provision has received the most attention 
in the press, Proposition 187'5 attempt to deny "non-emergency" 
health care to illegal immigrants is just as ill-conceived and danger-
ous. Consider for a moment, the implications of denying "illegal" 
children immunization or more generally, of making a trip to the 
hospital synonymous with being deported or imprisoned. As many 
physicians have pointed out, it would be a public health disaster. 

According to a University of Southern California study, which 
was recently published in the Western Journal of Medicine, "If the 
fear of immigration authorities increases for any reason ... our data 
indicate that the undocumented will delay seeking care long enough 
to infect other people." The study specifically cited the spread of 
tuberculosis as a threat to public safety. 

In addition to attempting to deny illegal immigrants basic educa-
tion and health care, Proposition 187 would also mandate five-year 
prison sentences for the possession of bogus identification or "green 
cards." 

Ironically, the bill seeks to punish mothers who use fake docu-
mentation to get the children into school and the seasonal workers 
who uses fake documentation to get jobs. Of course, Californians 
will suffer as well. According to California Correctional Facility 
officials, the average prisoner costs the state over $23,000 per year. 
That 's a high price to pay for the punishment of concerned mothers 
and hard workers. 

But Proposition 187 has I ittle to do with rationality and humanity. 
Whether supporters know it or not, the measure would only intensify 
California's financial and social problems while, at the same time, 
making a sizable number of its citizens needlessly suffer. 

Thumbs Up to UCSD ..• 

... for rejecting the proposed joint UCSD and Department of 
Justice Border Research Center. Although UCSD heavily lob-
bied for the center over the summer and reversed its decision only 
at the last moment, the project would have involved the university 
in controversial political debates about the U.S.-Mexican border. 

If the Department of Justice wants to develop law-enforc:e-
ment technologies to curb illegal immigration, it should seek oul 
private-sector contractors, not public institutions of higher leam-
ing. 

It would be unethical for the university to develop experimen-
tal weapons, such as "electrified water stun guns" or "restraining 
(sticky) foam," for use against illegal immigrants. Such action 
would compromise UCSD'. integrity. 

TIae UCSD C...,.,.. ,:I'IUlnday, Octolter 28, 19M 

PINION 

, 

MAKING THE WORIJD SAFE 
FOR TYRANNY 

COMMENTARY: The u.s. government does not intervene in foreign countries 
to protect them, but rather to protect its own in!erests 
By ar.t Johnson 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

And so it goes, another day in U.S. interventionist 
politics: Aristide is back in power in Haiti, and now the 
U.S. government and its military complex moves on to 
Iraq - again. 

The executive office, no matter 
who's president, must forever inter-
vene in the affairs of countries which 
show signs of trouble. The current ex-
ecutive then explains to all that military 
intervention, or at least the threat of 
intervention, is necessary for one of 
two reasons: to protect the country 
from communism, fascism, tyranny, 
and to make it safe for democracy; orto 
protect the interests of our nation. 

ship of Ronald Reagan, supported the Cootns in a pur-
ported effort to bring free elections to Nicaragua. The 
counterrevolutionaries, however, had little popular sup-
port in Nicaragua - most Nicaraguans favored the 
Sandinista government. Without supporters, the Contras 
were forad to use Honduras as a base for their attacks on 

Sandinista-run health clinics, coUee-
tive farms, agricultural cooperatives, 
croplands, schools and homes, and had 
no problem killing Nicaraguan men, 
women and children. When the 
Sandinistas introduced free elections 
later in the year, Reagan caDed them 
bogus, though his comments contra-
dicted the judgments of independent 
observers from other Western coun-
tries. 

Of the two explanations, the latter 
best reflects the underlying reasons for 
intervention. 

The United States has often claimed 
that its foreign endeavors would bring 
the enlightenmentofdemocracy tooth-
erwiseoppresscd people. Yet, the U.S. 
govemment has time and again under-
mined the ability of duly elected gov-
ernments to bring about refonnation to 
their nations. To understand why, we 
need only to review our history. 

The following descriptions of U.S. 
interventions are bued on Michael 
Parenti '5 book 'lMSwordand thelJ(Jl-

Our government 
Is not making 
tile world saf. 
for democracy, 
because" 
"pportstoo 
..... 'dIcbdors 
to make this 

The real motivation behind our 
government's constant intervention is 
to protect U.S. interests. Whenever a 
third-world nation's government leans 
toward socialism, it immediately threat-
ens U.S. interests there. Otileand Nica-
ragua, for example, are both cheap 
sources of labor and resources. By sup-
porting dictatorships in such countries, 
U.S. companies are able to buy land, 
with little or no raistance from local 
governments. Such land is used for 
strip mining, cash crops or oil, with 
little or no regard to human rights, 
health or life. 00 the whole, Central and 
South America, Asia ... Africa have 
all become leu sufficienl in food aops, 
and yet are major exporten of cash 
crops. Much ~ this is the result of 
presence of Americ:an COIIIpUlica such 

lar. 
OJile, 1973: The duly-elected left-

ist govemment of Allende is crushed 
by the U.S.-backcd Chilean military, 
under Pinochc:lAllcade'I"crime" con-

claim. SonIoze 
InNI ...... , 
BatIsta In Cuba, 
til. S ..... ot 

sisted of social and economic seforms I .... 
which attempted to redisttibute power •••• 
and wealth from the top five percent of the population to 
all of the population. Sublequcndy, the Pinochd dictator-
ship, Ifter murdering Allende, "abolished aU political 
liberties, executed about 30,000 CbilCIIIII and urested, 
tortunKI or drove into exile many thousands more." The 
Pinochet dic:taeonbip then introduced free-marbt poli-
cies, whicb drove up inflation, broupt down waaes, ... 
gave the IIIIioa a .... 1IIaioaaI debt. 

N' ..... 1984:". Ulliled s..... __ the !eIder-

as United Brands and Standard Fruits . 
Acc:lordiag to Parmti, 80 pen:enI of 

the land in Honduras is owned by these two companies, 
and the choice ..... are \lied to II'Ow bInanu and 
coft'oc, or to raise cattle for beef. Meanwbilc, "In Hondu-
rat, 40 cbiJdren die every clay of hwtcer and dilcue.. ... 
HIIf the CIOUIIIry'1 four million inbabitants live without 
eIecUicity, runniaa water or decent ...... • 

". UDited SIUeI proeec:II 1M inIInIII of major 
~.m..v. .... iIIIeIIIII ............ 

see PIIOIICf, PaCe 7 

.'. " f 'l l·r· l 
Tlaanday, October 20, 19M The UCSD Guardiaa . OPINION 5 

COMUENTARY: Our most painful experiences push us to 'change the world, and to protect 
it from what we hate 

., AIIIit Aa ..... 
ContrlbutkW <JpInIon Writer 

All of tile . 1OciaI ... 
. III8JOI' 

political IIIOVeIIieaD in tile United 
SIUeI hav. emerged as a resu1t of 
limed - hailed of potitic:ians, of 
policies, of pain. 

The peradiam of the 90s is 10 
accept everytbing and think 
positively, but this "be-hlppy. have-
a-nice-day" approach baa never 
motivated ... ipinst injattice or 
fisbIa for reform. 

Hatred inspires man to be 
productive against that which he 
hates. Mothers Against Drunk 
Drivina(MADD), isanorpnization 
which was founded by parents who 
were angry at their children's 
attackers. These parents used their 
anger to change a society in which 
drunks are able to use cars as 
weapons. 

The events which cause us the 
most pain are the ones wbichchange 
us for the better. When his daughter 
was killed by a drunk driver, 
Nicholas Tarnarro was inspired by 
such unpleasant emotions as anger 
and bate, 10 bcc:omc president of the 
Greater Boston OIapter of MADD. 
In 1993, Tamano, stiD fueled by 

THE POWER OF HATE 
IIIpdy ,aeated a new support group 
for any puent who has loll a cbiId, 
whether Ihrouab drunk drivina or 
any other unfortunUe mishap. II's 
.mazina what a little ncptivity can 
do. 

A pcIIIOIlldI himIeIf apart from 
others with oeptivity. "Sometimes 
you can OIIIy defiDe younelfby what 
you hate," Neil TCDIIIIlt, of the music 
group Pel Shop Boys,saicI in aDelili/s 
mapzine interview. "I became a pop 
star because I bated fooIbaIIIIICbooL 
I bated that whole attitude of beill8 
one of the crowd Becoming a pop star 
was my revenge. .. for being bad at 
football. For being mocked." By 
understanding what he hates, a person 
identifies IIICR strongly that which he 
supports. It builds character. 

And what do we have on the side 
of positive thinking? We have a nation 
of young adults, referred to as 
"Generation x." spewing the motto 
that it's better to be content than 
involved. 

Positive thinking ~ in fashion. 
It's polite. The middle class has 
become a politicallycorrectsinkhole. 
The only ones trying to pull 
themselves out are those opposing 
the crowd. 

1118 mldcle cI_ 
.... b.come. 
politically correct 
sinkhole. The only 
ones trJI.., to pull 
thenlMlv .. out 
.e thole opposing 
the crowd. 

The u.s. colonists hated the king 
of England, so they revolted to fonn 
the United States. The South didn't 
like the North, so they went to war 
against each other. We hated Hider, 
and ICnt IroopIID Europe 10 dispose 
of him. History is a fantastic ru:ord of 

Ioatbing. 
Four years ago, when IrIq invaded 

Kuwait, the United States IetSaddam 
Husaein eacape, with the hope that 
he would fade away .lnqi furta are 
once again lining up against the 
Kuwait border. Had the United Stales 
been driven by anger, it could have 
shut Hussein out for good. 

People should loathe psycho-
t.hhling therapists who sheepishly 
teD them to aa:ept life as it is. When a 
group of teenagers in San Diego were 
recently attacbd in a brutal hate-
crime, police said they couldn't do 
anything and sent a letter to ~ 
victim. The form letter, from the 
District Attorney's offICe, listed a 
phone number for a support group and 
said little else - implying that the 
victims should forget ahout the 
incident and go along their merry 
way. 

The victims shouldn't "forget" 
what happened to them. They should 
be angry. They should feel hatred 
toward their victimizers. 

Instead of accepting the world's 
shortcomings, we need to act against 
them. If it were OK to find crosses 
burning on people's lawns, we 
wouldn't have the anti-racism 

organizations which are so abundant 
klday. Many famed civil rigIIts leaders, 
including Malcolm X and Martin 
Luther King, have acknowledged the 
power of anger and hate in the struggle 
against racism. 

In 1992, a Portland-based 
organization called the Anti-Bigotry 
Coalition, hosted a "Take a Stand 
Against Hate." The idea was to curb 

bigotryand~asaferenvironment 
for everyone. But racism persists 
because not enough people detest 
burning crosses, unless, of course, 
they are on their own lawns. Most of 
those who didn't attend "Take a Stand 
Against Hate" were apathetic losers 
who assumed the problem would 
disappear on its own. 

The days of peace, love and 
harmony are long gone. Such hippy-
dippy idealism does nothing but 
suffocate our power to overcome 
societal ills such as war and racism. 

Negativity is the vitality which 
keeps us from stagnating. 

Philosopher Friedreich Nietzsche 
said, "That which does not kill me 
only helps me." In the sense that we 
can use what causes us to hate as our 
inspiration to change the world, he 
was right 

Recycle the Guardian 

T\\'S', m y c:n e .. d~, 
i~ Q, w,eck.·~ 

great scores ... 
ScaJl. t 

SDSI 
• CIIaII c.... 6W 

tw·Ia 
.... 

-=, .. 

W "tdc;,~ 
bills k .. to 

S1~~litt ttu,~s 
~ ltIi., 4..., ... 
Lt •• lIe, m-,' •• "U .. 
I" ~ *- it 
\'1'" ~ol ~t~ ,l"I~ 
tOWli", 4 .. ",. 
W'l clUI". 
~o·,o ,. J ..... ,. 
.... ----

....... 
931I11III_ 

465151 

great skllls ... 

Kaplan teaches 
to the test. We'll 
teach you proven 
skills and 
test -taking 
techniques that 
help you get a 
higher score. 

(800) lAP-TEST 
get a er score 

IA LA"N 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardiaa Thunday, October 20, 1994 

DROPPING THE ATOMIC BOMBS CHANGED POST-WAR POLITICS 
EdItor: mantlE before his decision, not using Ai the time, the recidivism rate in all Californians to have health CIOver-

Truman's decision to drop the the atomic bomb was almost unten- the M· ....... useus priIon sysfem was age and c:homc their own doctor. 
atomic bombs on Hiroshima and able. Many of his advisors had also 10 percent, but only 10 percent of As things now stand, six million 
Nagasaki cenainly saved American served Roosevelt. Leuy'ssubjeds hldmurned to prison ~ifomians have no ooverqe, about 
lives and may have resulted in fewer Finally, the decision was made after a year. The subjecls who were 1.5 million of which are children. 
Japanescdeatm., as Van Hoffen points morally euier because the bomb was paroled, and the Harvard poIIIgradu- Those who are oovered, risk losing 
out ("The Bomb Saved Lives," Oct. being used to kill Japanese - who ate students who helped to CIOIIduc:t . inswanoe if they cbange jobs, use up 
3). While the actual number of lives newspapersoften referred to as "Japs" READERS' the tesas by taking psiloc:ybin with lifetime caps or have to lppIy apin 
which were saved or lost remains - and not Germans. During the war, 

FORUM 
them, formed a contaa group which with "preexislent conditions." They 

highly uncertain and disputable, the Germans and Italians in the United remained active for 15 years. Many of are often devlStated when insurers 
political prudence of the decision for States were treated no differently than the oonvicls reported that the experi- will not pay for the tests and treat-
the United States and President other Americans, whileJapanesc were ment was very beneficial and helped ments which their doctors prescribe. 
Truman is not in doubt. seen as lesser humans. TIle Gu8IdIen 1MIIcomea.,.,. Ihlm blNdlrs. them to change attitudes which previ- Those who need prescriptions must 

The Soviet Union was gearing up Had the United States accepced AI ..... IIIUIt I» /10 IrlfWIr .., ".,. "... ously led to crime and jail. often pay exorbitant prices. By elimi-/)PId. dill".. .. md.-.... _ 
to join the fight against Japan, a oom- Japan's conditional surrender, en- !he IW!t 10 edit lilt IqItI .wi cIIrlO'. Send en KurtMueUer nating waste, Proposition 186 would 
mitment made months earlier at Yalta, gaged a mainland irrvasion or waited etIIInI to: allow the State Health Commissioner 
when it declared waron Japan on Aug. for Japan tocapituJate underthc bloc:lc- ll1e GuMIIIn &/Uon' note: As a resIIb Of fIIIediling 10 oover all medic:aJly nect.IIIIUY !IeI-OpInIon E4ItOt 
9. Truman, learning from Yalta and &de, the world would be radically 9500 GItnIn Dr. 0326 mYJI', psi/«ylon was misiIJenIified as vices. The commissioner would also 
Potsdam, did not want 10 divide Japan different today. Japan's sua:es5since t.. JoII& CA ~6 PCP. 71te Guudian ~gnts dee error. have the buying power to negotiate 
with the Soviet Union and so he needed the war and much of the growth and lower drug prices, which would cost 
a quick end to the war. The surrenders prosperity ofSoutJieast Asia is largely on inmates at Concord State Prison in PropoeItIoII188 Woa ... Californians no more Ihan a $5 
which the Japanese had offered were attributable to Japan remaining uni- Massachusetts. Beginnill8 in March, copayment. 
not unconditional and did not require fled and governed by democracy and 1961, these tests were canied out un- ProYide ,.. CoYMCe The claim that the Canadian expe-
the emperor to relinquish his power. capitalism. der lhe supervision of Timothy Leary. EdItor: rience with single-payer health insur-
Dropping the bombs gave the United RaDdySUven Dr. Leary gave psilocybin 10 prison- Omar Rezec gives a reasonably ance is "the butt of jokes" is not some-
States a rapid victory and the spoils, ers who volunteered for the propam. ICQlrate aa:ount of Proposition 186, thing with which Canadians would 
with relatively few American casual-

....,' ...... T ... 
and he took the drug with them. The the proposed ~ifomia Health Secu- agree. Ninety-fIVe percent of them 

ties. prisoners were IOId they were being rity Ad ("a.eap Proposition Would favor theirsystem over ours. We now 
That the United States dropped W .. V ... .., given psilocybin and they gave in- Oapen Our Medicine," Oct. 6), but spend 40 pertUt more per capita on 

two atomic weapons undoubtedly EdItor: formed aHIICIIt to the experiment. his criticisms are wide of the mark. health care than does CanIda. Under 
played a large role in the Cold War. The Gllllrdian related iIOfIIe dis- Contrary to theauthor's statement, The proposition does not assume, Proposition 186, we would finally 
While it may have heightened the tressing information about harmful psilocybin is not the same as PCP. asheputait,thIlgovemmentissmarter start getting our money's worth. 
conflict, it also showed the Soviet mcdicaI tests which have been con- PCP, an animal tranquilizer, is com- than individual oonsumers, but only This proposition was originally 
Union that the United States was will- ductcd on unwitting citizens ("The monly known • angel dust and is that a singJe-payer insurauce system drafted by a group of physicians at the 
ing to use the bomb. This gave cred- Secret Life of the U.S. Government," CXIIIIidmd very dangeroua. ThcpsiJo- is much leu wasteful than one which University ofCaJifomia, San Frmc:iJco. 
ibility to the MAD. (mutually as- Oct. 3). I don 'I (l()I'IdQne such testing cybin given to Leary'11Ubjec:tI is a requires providers to bin bundreds of It deserves the support ofUC sCudents, 
sured destruction) theory. procedures, but I would liketooorrcct synthetic form of the baIIuclaogeoic imuranc:e CIOIIIpUIics. The savings who, in the years to come, will be 

For Truman, a man who had as- some inaccurate statements pertain- compound found in naturally grow- wbic:h would I'aIUIt from eliminating among its palest beneficiaries. 
cended to the presidency just four ing to certain experiments conducted ing psychedelic mushrooms. this WIllIe would make it po8IibIe for Jullas SrJwt"q 

Don't be a monkey. . 
If you have a problem with our opinions, write us a letter. 

B h · S d R ' :". ; . :. : ( . r m ',,: .. : . /: ,.. , ....: (';' .. "' :;" ; : ... : ~ ' r :''': .::. :.' , .:..., ;--: ..... {ec·o .. :, e· t I e nIext .. jtu .. ent .. ! egen1. 

Represent over 15,000 students, 
participate in the governance of 

the University 

Deadline, November 4, 1994 
Chancellor's Office 

No later than 5:00 PM 

..... 

Meet interesting and influential 
people and get your fees paid 

Pick up applications at 
A.s. Offices 
GSA Office 

College Dean's offices 
Chancellor's Office . 

School of Medicine, Student Affairs 
EDNA 

Thurlday, Oetober 20,1994 

PROTECT: 
The United States 
intervenes for money 
ContInued from ..... 4 
should be obvious that oil was and is 
lhe primary reason for defending 
Kuwait. Kuwairs independence or 
its right to !IOVe~ignly was not the 
issue. If oil were of little importance 
to us, we would say good-bye to 
Kuwait. 

Why have we 'hesitated to inter-
vene in Bosnia, where the Serbians 
"vc oommitted some of the most 
grueeome violatio .. of human rishD 
since World War II? AlIt yourself 
this: How much interest have U.s. 
companies accumulated in. Eastem 
Europe since the fall of communism 
and the break upofYupJavia? little, 
if any. . 

Diplomalically, the United States 
did the right thingwitb Haiti. If it had 
invaded with a Iargc, military strike 
foRlc,itwouJdbavedrudpdupmemo-

ries of all the U.S. invasions in Latin 
America which have taken place over 
the last 200 years. The last time U.S. 
forces ocx:upied Haiti, in 1915, they 
remained for two decides. During 
this time, Haitians lived under a brutal 
military government that built a p0-
lice apparatus, which remains even 
today. 77Ie Progrusiw reported that 
when I broad aoss-scction of the 
Haitian population was asked if they 
would welcome a military interven-
tioaby the United Stata,a11 sides said 
no. 

"The Haitians would rather put up 
with anything - even the unbearable 
statui quo - than undergo another 
military takeover by outsiders," the 
Progre$Si~ reported. The United 
States hardly used the troops it sent 
and avoided aIienatiDa the Haitian 
people, while securins another pUp-
pet state to exploit 

Puenti reports that, from 1~ 
19'70, "the U.s. pemment spalt 
several biUions of dollm to shove up 
a oorrupt dictatonhip in the Phili~ 

The UCSD Guardia .. 

pines, hoping to protect what amounted 
to about a billion-dollar U.S. invest-
ment in lhat country." 

The alleged savings, by U.S, com-
panies in other nations, are generally 
pocketed, rather than returned to the 
American oonsumer. 

Our government is not making the 
world safe for democracy - it has 
supported too many dictators to make 
this claim. Somoa in Nicaragua, 
Batista in Cuba, the Shah of Iran, 
MarooI in the Philippines, Pinocbet in 
Oille, Zia in Pakistan, Evren in Tur-
key, to name a few. 

Our government is not protecting 
the interests of ill citizens, but rather 
IboIe of the major oorporations in our 
country. 

So, don't get a rah-rah feeling in 
your chest when you hear the Uoited 
States has invaded another country 
in the name of democ:ncy or "na-
tional interests." You're not getting 
anytbingoutofit,cllcepthighertaxes 
and a bid name in the world CXH1lmu-
oily. 

Write for Guardian Opinion. 

The 

For more information, 
please call 

534~6580 

• 

Teradyne. 
right place for you. 

....... m.tI ,.,..,. IInIce ColI_ II8IIIeriIIe ". .,.~ 
Design Engl,., fiardware Design HarOw3re Componem Engineer Desrgn Engrneer 

Engineer Devalopnent 
BS, Electncal Engineer BS, Mec:llanrcal BS, Computer 
Eng,-'ng BS, Enginlfeflng Eng,neellng Science 

BS. Elec:tncal 
Massadlusetts Harvey Mudd Engineering UnIWN$ftyol New COfflIII UniverSITY 
InstilUfe 01 College Hampslrtre 
T ecIInoIogy UniverSity of 

I/IIOOIs 

lradyne is the right place for all kinds of people. It's a stimulating 
environment that challenges ~Ie every day. You 're free to do the 

thin~ you think need to be done, with a minimum of rule;, regula-
tions, and bureaucracy. We want people who don 't need to be led 
by the hand. We want talentffi, bright people with new ideas and the 
initiative to give tha;e ideas a shot. 

YOQII have plenty of opportunity at Teraciyne. We're a $500 million 
electronic; oompany that rompetes in the global market, working with 
the world's largest companie;. Our technology is unmatched, and our 
commitment to Total Quality Management is unwavering. In other 
words, \ve're big ... but not too big! 

If you want to learn more about your place at Teraciyne, visit your 
Career Services otf.re. 

"I=;~~~I' 
All (qui! 0pp0nuniIy EIftPIOVtt 

OPINION 7 

SCIENCE 
AND 

ECHNICAL 
JOB FAI~ 

THURS., OCT. 27 
10:]0 am • 2:00 pm 
Price Center Ballrvom 

ctHponsored by student prof. o'fonizations 

ProIeaioaal and 
Graduate School 
Fair 

4ft' r'DIII& 

YAKIMONO 
J.p ...... '.00 

AFFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

I~WJ!I §!!!~~,lj $ 3~;~ 
DINNER HoI ..,j;d :UP"",", aIIor. ... o.dudod COl ....... onlon. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

YAK I M 0 N 0 JAPANESE RESTAUIUN!' : 
New LocatiOll!! 452.4255 I 

'TT}J, Regents Rd. 7420 Oairemonl Mesa Blvd. rol.cU......w.. Wealooell.. I 
(VOltS Slrofping CmItr) Ibdw. CoOflJOy & Ruffnn) -....Mea. I 

L HOUIS: tl:30 ....... 1MDe.·1Iwn.). 11:30 _to ... fr. & s.t~. s-t,. s...I.p ... 
--------------------

Are You Suffering 
From: 
Bad back? 
Neck stiffness? 
Shoulder pain? 
Carpal Tunnell 
Knee pain? 
Tendinitis? 
Headaches? 
Anxiety attacks? 

Have you tried: 
Oriental medicine? 

Acupuncture? 
Herbal Therapy? 

Acupressure? 
Therapeutic Massage? 

Moxibustion? 
Cupping? 

loafed in the He.Jling AtIS CenIff 
8950 V.1i tAl JoIli Dr., Sle. 2132 

Edward S. JocDt L. Ac. 453-5781 
25 UCSD STUDENT DICOUNT5 . 

r------------------ ----, ! HUGE October 22 & 23 
i SUNGlASSES 
: SAIJE I 
I 

._ .. _....,.s...._-.y.., .. 
JoIII ViIIIge ... DiNCdy In front ~ Dr.l.twmhIrs • 679-8230 

L _________________ ~ ______ ~ 



8 The UCSD Guardian 

Buy now, 
upgrade FREE! 

Purchase a VIP Bundle today and get a FREE upgrade to AutoCAD Release 13 
« « 

locked, AutoCAD Designer v 1.1, and/or JD Studio Release 4 when available. 

AutoCAD Release 12 locked 
" and AutoCAD Designer 

3D Studio Release 3 locked 
and IPAS Plug-In Toolkit 

software bundle software bundle 
• $419.00 * $520.00 (commercial suggested retail price is US$3.245.). (commercial suggested retail price is US$5,250.) 

AutoCAD Release 12 locked, AutoCAD Designer, 
3D Studio Release 3 and IPAS Plug-In Toolkit 

software bundle 
* $799.00 

(commercial suggested retail price is US$8,250.) 
But HURRY! Offer expires on first customer ship dale of AutoCAD Release 13 and 3D Studio Release 41 

Details of Participation 
I. Available only to full-time. matriculating undergraduate and graduate students, faculty. and staff at UCSD. 
2. Purchases must be made by October 21.1994. 
3. Prepayment by check, money order, and all major credit cards is due at University Bookstore Computer Deptartment by October 

21. 
A completed Autodesk StudentIFaculty License Agreement is also required. 

4. Distribution will be made at the University Bookstore Computer Department November 4th. 1994, 
5. Upgrades will be fulfilled by the campus computer reseller when available. Shipping & handling for upgrades are to be paid 

by the enduser. Free upgrades to AutoCAD Release 13. AutoCAD Designer. and/or 3D Studio Release 4 apply only to those 
products included in the original VIP Bundle purchase. 
For more infonnation. please contact Scott Borklund at UCSD Bookstore or call Frank Paton at 1-800-826-0570. 

.. The above prices do not include sales tax or shipping and handling. 

LJL5LJ 
l" H .K',' (JHf UCSD Bookstore 
- -~~4 Computer Center 534-4-291 

$ 64 complete· 
_.-

Dall\l 80ft leneee -

$ 8 9 complete· 
Bxtended eofIlenMe --:.:..,-

Thandal. 0ct0Iter 20, 19M 

THANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

•• •••••• 

GImM Drive Into Booth 
Communicalion, Bldg. _-' 

T~ Pines Center v-:-..... 
No. T.P.lrlo BocIh ~ ... 

t=~BIr 
NaWemberg HIIII, 810 

St Germain" 
Celeopy 
8.1', Pizzeria 
1<inIcD', 
Ralphs 
Vona 

Polr,V~ 
Weatam BIlge! 

~xchange 
Subwa~ 
Zebraeopy 
=aroBean Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
NewaEIC. 
Be_ 

Subway 
Robel1D', 
Jeff', Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No. Shore ea .. 
SWensen', 

~Exchange 
Porkyllrld 
Vona 
la .lola Brewing Co. 
la JoIa Public Unry 

=: .. ~ 
Zanzibar ~ ".. 
PannUI 
7-" (La.lola BlwL) 

=o.a ZanZibar ~ ~~ 
ea .. er.ma ~-" 
e=" ....... 

~~ 
Ban a Jerry'a 
Vona 
Sport Mart 
Lucky', •. ...,. 

=-: ~~ 
SubS: .. 
Roberto, 

"COMPLETE EXAM INCLUDES: 
• CARE KIT 
• STOCK MYOPIC LENSES 
, 3().DAY FOUOW·U' 

III 
III 

$1 COWGE PIZZA BEER NIGIIT &: PITCHEIl SUNDAY 

Dr. John McDoN~L.D 
HOURS: MoN.-FRI. 1(}6, SAT. 10-5 

loin us for food 
• drink specials! 

. All 1hz. MIcnk......... $ 
$1.7,. ·AllPiDu 5 

• '.-412 ...... .., ... ..., ·All48-0z.pitcbera each 

Fne,.nm,.~ 274.ALES 

_Th_uM __ .~l~,~~~~~~.~I_9H ________________________ ~~~U~C=S=D~G~u=arn~=ia~D ____________________________________ -!9 ' 

On October 24th, 

OKS 
NED 

I Still haven't 
purchased an of your 
books? 

the UCSD Bookstore 
will begin 

to retum all remaining 
FaN Quarter textbooks 

Hurry In to find 
those last few books 
you need 
for this term' 

to the publishers. 

Just 5 Min. From Campus! 

Located in the San Diego Tech Center, Karl s ..... Brewery Gardeu f'eaIureI a 
microbmvery at a 320-seat reslluraDt set amMllt five IIId ooe-baIf ImI of perfectly 
lDlllianlOrieDtalganleDs,wbicbincludeawaterfall,KoipoadllldquietwaIkiDgpatbl. The 
Dew ficility aIIo bu a priva1e confermc:e mom, iDdoor~utdoor bar, tiered ollk1oor decb, a 
specialty c:offetlelpl'eSlO bar and a tab-out c:ouDfer, The buildiDg'. Orienfll desip parallels 
Munich'. famous Chinesilcber Turm Biergutell, or Chiaese Pagoda Beer Gardea. 
which i. di.tiDCtly ideDtified by its tall ChiDese pagoda. In tbat tradition, 
KarlS ..... lreweryGarde.of'fenaliliquellldpicluraquelelingfordiniDg,weddinp • 
banquelllIId tllljoyiDg Muter Brewer K1rI SIrauII' baDdcrafted been . . 

KARL STRAUSS' 
Voted San Diego'. Best M/crobrewery 

THREE YEARS IN A ROWI 
SaD Dieao Mtprine '92, '93 & '94 

DOMINO'S 
DELIVERS 
UCSD 

Hunger s.trikes, .. but you've got a date with a stack of 
books in Tioga Hall. Or you and the gang are in your 

Pepper Canyon apartment watching a game,Whatever 
the situation, you don't have to leave the building, 

Domino's is as close as your phone, ready to deliver to all 
parts of campus, ~izzas, subs, buffalo wings,. ,maybe these 

coupons will give you a few ideas, 

~CALL USI 
452·UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 
'II am-I am. Sun.-Thurs. 
II am-2 am Fri,lr Sat. 

• OPEN fOR LUNCH/ 

Mediu~ 2· ToPPinll1 0 Buffalo 1 
: 1Wi~~ 1 Wings 1 2· Topping 1 
:on 2Cokes ':~~~o:"::,~: Pizzas : 
I SIOggl SlW lonl'fSl3W1 
1 pi 1 1 plus w 1 

us tax 1 plus tax 1 1 
14S2-UCSD 452-UCSD 4S1·UCSD I~=.I~= .I~~.I 
.,. I.,. 1 odw..... 1 !:.:.:.oo:. ~ _ ~ ~ ~,~._~:.. __ .~ ~'=~I~ __ 'I 
c.. PLUS 

card 

1.Jmad.w;..-y ora $5.99 minimum purdase lor cWi-twry. 
Our ....... carry leu _ $20.00. 

bulletin 



10 NEWS 

CEREMONY: 
Will discuss 
Roosevelt's life 
ContInued fnNn ..... 1 
perform a one-woman play about 
FJeanor Roosevelt on Nov. 11 and 
12. Matthews said that Gilman won 
rave reviews for her performance 
from the Roosevelt family. The play 
will be free for students and S 1 S for 
faculty, staff and university non-
affiliates. 

On Nov. 14, History Professor 
Michael Parrish will host a forum 
on Eleanor Roosevelt's life until 
World War II. In January, Professor 
Colleen 0 'Conner will complete the 
event with a discussing about the 
remaining years of Roosevelt's life. 
The program is sponsored by the 
California Committee for Humani-
ties. 

In January, Roosevelt College 
will host a symposium entitled, 
"Citizenship and the Universal 
Rights in the 21s1 Century." 

The symposium will run concur-
rently with the rescheduled dedica-
tion. 

lHANKSto 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 
Conwnunicallona Bldg. 
Torrey Pines Center 
No. T.P. Info Booth 
Scripps Ubrary 
ScrIpps Snack Bar 
Neurembefg Hall, 510 

51. Germain's 
Cal Copy 
BJ', Pizzeria 
l<inko', 
Ralphs 
Vane 
Polar, Yogurt 
Wlltem ......... 
Big Bear -..-' 
Soup Exchange 
Subwal 
Zebra copy 
Mllagro Bean 
Koala yogurt 
Taco Bell 
News Etc. 

' Beane 

Subway 
Aober1O'1I 
Jell's Burgers 
NeIghbor Saver 
No. Shor. Cafe 

S---"I 
Soup Exchang. 
PorkyIand 
Vane 
La Jolla Brewl:'B Co. :,a.,: N* brary.-.; 
Bernini', • OC""';;" 
Zanzibar ~ JIII""-
Pannlkin 7-" (La Jolla Blvd.) 
Ludcy" 
l-iaagen 0.. 
Zanzibar 
cat. Creme 
Boney'. 
Vane 
Soup Exchange 
DnIgonHowe 

Ben &'-Jerry'l 
Vane 
Sport Mart 

~ 
:::nv ~ 
BaltImore e.g .. 
Red Robin 
PanniIdn 
........ 

To Be Announced 

NOW IN HILLCREST 

The UCSD Guantiaa TlaundaYt October JO, 19M 

Trtton ........... .. 
.... ...... ( .... ). 
w ... PeIo..,.. 
......... 
_'Isoooer 
~ ..... .. 
........,' ...... .... 
....... USC (rtaM). 

1l:10re, schools 
tha l 1. YoU ~ere. 

It's 
you -want to be: 

• Vi-. U.8.A. laG. 1 .... 

1'bundaYt October 20, 19M The UCSD Guardiaa SPORTS 11 

KIIIIITY 
DANKRAFf P RT~ 

Big Dog 'Wants 
Big Bucks TrHons Bully Toreros into OT 

When the Orlando Magic 
entered the NBA five years ago, 
the team wu pun:hued for a 
mealy 3S million dollars. Mealy, 
you uk. Let me explain. This 
week, ADfemee· I-won't-aoc:ept-a 
Penny-leu-than-five-mil-a-ycar" 
Hardaway signed a contract which 
will pay him in excess of 70 
million big ones over the course 
of the next decade. 

The ironically nicknamed 
"Penny" insisted that he is not I 
greedy penon and, after all, with 
the high aJ8t of FemriI these 
days, what athlete could survive 
on anything lea? -

Such is the state of the NBA 
today. Untested rookies waltz into 
the league, trumpeting their own 
homs Ind proclaiming themselves 
God's gift to basketball. That 
fact, of course, entitles them to 
millions and millions of dollars ... 
every year ... until the bags under 
their arms are hanging u low as 
their shorts. They refuse to lace-
up their aneaken and prove 
themselves until the franchise 
lucky enough to own the rookie's 
rights justifies his arrival al 
minicamp with such a multi-
million dollar deal. 

Thil contract will prove to be 
unsatiafadory when next year 
rolla aroullCl aDd all the new kids 
on the bloc:lt ... clemandilli twice 
u much u they're making. But 
DOne of this makes ICIIIC to the 
avenae tD who watdled the 
bucldiDa aupentar fJex his butt 
mUlClel aU year long littina on 
the bench, Ieamina from the 
veterans who ... making peanuts 
in comparison. 

We now come to the subject of 
this year's bi .. money monger: 
Glenn "Big 8ucb", cr, "Big 
Dog, .. Robinson. He wu, ap-
propriately enouJh, drafted by the 
Milwaukee Bucb. And bucks are 
eXlCtly what they'll have to shell 
out if they ever want to see Mr. 
Robinson dunk a buketball in 
WiJconsin. 

Glenn has made it clear to the 
Bucks just how much il will take 
to lign him: Aparanteed 100 
million dollan for 13 years. That's 
right - eight zeroes behind that 
one. Now you have to wonder 
how one I11III could bave an ego 
10 1arge u to seriously consider 
himelf worth u mucIa .. "y, a 
fully loaded 81 bomber, or if 
you're not the military type, a 
fleet of your OWl! Lear jell 
com~ willa CIbIe television and 
jKurzi. 

NEAR UPSET: 
UCSD almost upsets 
Division I University 
of San Diego, but 
falls, 3-2, in overtime 
a, ...... K. Hutto 
Senior Stsff Writer 

Like il or not, a leam's worth 
is often judged by the numbers 
which appear in the win-loss 

column. 
H cad 
Coach 
De r e k 
Armstrong 
and his 
9-6-1 Tri-
ton men's 
soccer 
squad have 
no bones to 
pick about 
that. But 
when the 

1993 NCAA Division III defend-
ing National Champions look 
bIck on their '94 campaign, a tell-
tale sign of just bow good this 
team really wu may ultimately lie 
on the wrong side of the "W-L" 
record. 

Cue in point: Tuesday's im-
..-ive 3-2double-overtime_ 
to pererutial Division I power-
house USD (7-S). 8y all rights, 
this wan't even suppoeed 10 be a 
game. The Toreros, sporting aI-
IIIOIt an catire RIMer of 1Cho1u-
ship athlete&, were expected to 

YIkOv Zow._,GuMriiIll 
IInIIn Turner IOONd UCSD'. fInIII .... In ItI 300 vIctOfl ow. CSU ........... MondIIy afternoon. 
spear and gut their cross-town rivals 
u any respectable Division I team 
should. 

To make tile odds all the worse, 
this wu the Tritons' third contest in 
four days, aDd injuries to midfielder 
Joel KoaaItoff (pulled quadricep) 
aDd defeader Nick Ter1ec:ky (right 
ankle) appeared to play right into the 
fiery horns of the Toreros. 

CIIIf -v-_ 

After surrendering an early pen-
alty kick goal to USD's Guillermo 
Jara at 4: 16, the Tritons stuck it to 
the dismayed Toreroa. At 22:47, for-
ward Nile Hetherington '. a'OIS from 
the left side wu met with anticipa-
tion by Ijumbleofplayers from both 
sides. Somehow senior Erik 
Waldman managed to get a foot on 
it, finding teammate Ie. Christopher 
Fujii, who promptly pocketed the 
ball past the far right post to tie the 
score at 1-1. 

"We were really up for this 
game," defender Ken Bums said. 
"Once they scored that first goal, we 
thought, 'ub ob,' here they go. But 

we held tough. The defense wu re-
aUy closing down the ball well. Once 
we proved that we were able to shut 
them down, we grew more confident 
u the game went on. When we tied 
the score, we started to believe that 
we could play with these guys." 

And play they did. Triton goal-
keeper George AllisOn had the game 
of his life, dim:ting the stellar UCSD 
defensive corps and snaring bullet 
shots on his way to 10 saves on the 
evening. And when freshman 
Shayne Ferber blasted another 
Hetherington cross from five-yards 
out at the 8S:01 mark to boost the 

See M. SOCCER, Paae 16 

13 
12 
11 

. See ..... Pace 17 KIa .... • ........... ntea.' ....,... ...... ..... 

THI WIE" AHEAD 

"'.""., SUn., Oct. 23 YS. Cel Lutheran at N. Campul R.tds, 3:30 p.m. 
W •••• w •• II .. n 

Sun., Oct. 23, va. CII Lutheran It N. C.-npus Fields, 1 p.m, W •••• '. V.I.".I. 
FrI., Oct. 21 va. CSU Sen 8emIrd1no at Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

......... 
Set.-Sun., Oct. 22-23 lit. Mt. leidy Tournament In Claremont 

.... Ii,. 
SM., Oct. 22 It. c.I PoIJ PamanII Branao InvIeIln 8M 0Ima 

..... '. •.... " 
UCSD 
dominated 
sec In a 7-1 
Unshlneon 
Wednesday 
nWlt at 
Cotta Mesa. 

INSIDE: 
3 W_· • 
V ••• ,. .. : 
The Tritons 
defeated 
cross-town 
rival Pt. Loma 
In stnIiaht 
sets Tuesday 
nfCht, 

.. 



. ) 
12 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Oetober 20,1994 

WOULD YOU UK! TO WORK CLOSELY WITH 
A PROFESSOR IN YOUR MAJOR? 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO GAIN VAWABLE 
RESEARcH EXPERIENCE IN YOUR 

FIELD OF JN1EREST? 

1/U"e.f?OfHI' e~fJ.l(ee/ 
The UCSD Faculty Mentor Program offers research experience to 
juniors and seniors who want to prepare for graduate school or 
medical school. 
You are eligible for the program if you are a junior or senior, have at 
least a 2.7 GPA, and have an interest in research. 
If you participate in the Faculty Mentor Program, you will: 

• Do research with a faculty mentor at least 10 hours per week 
for two Quarters (Winter and Spring 1995) 

• Earn 8 units of 199 Independent Study credit (4 units per 
Quarter 

• Learn how to write a research proposal ~ paper 
• Present your research at the Faculty Mentor Program 

Research Symposium 
• Receive graduate school and fellowship Information 

To ~ "". ... "",.afIon at .... AcadImIc EItIIdImMt 
",.... GfIce at 501B UrtIYwsIty CenteI (NIt 01",. center) 

APPLIcATION DlADuNE FRIDAY, NovDI_ 18, 11M 

Budweiser ~ 
--- ~ Z 9:@. ... 

LIFE AFTER CO LLEGE DOESN 'T HAVE 
To START AT MINIMUM WAGE :: 

Each year, colleges across America are 
graduating hundreds of thousands of 
students-all potential competitors for your 
next job! It won't be easy, (even in the best 
of times), to get your career started-end the 
ones who succeed the quickest, are the ones 
who learn how to fight ... and win ... the "Job 
Hunting Baltle!" Gel the ammunition you 
need in "How to Market Yourself ror your 
NEXT Job," a full-day $129 seminar. Quit 
watching everyone else gel ahead-make the 
next move and ... 
CALL TODAY FOR INFORMATION 
AND REGISTRATION. 

GREG FAVISH 
SMG SEMINARS 

1I1.4e7.'7U 

FIND THE JOB THAT 
YOU •• ALLY wANTI 

STAND APART FROM 
OTH •• CANDIDATESI 

CREATE COVER 
LETTERS THAT GET 
YOU IN THE DOORI 

WRITE RESUMES THAT 
GET READI 

GET THE MONEY 
YOU ' RE WORTH I 

Tbur.day,~tober20,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

y __ Z~IGuMI/~ 

Dawn Lee ... two .... In tile list h8If of ~'. 7-1. ....... over IoutMm CaIIfomItt Col ..... 

Tritons Leave So Cal Quaking, 7-1 
ByG ..... W ..... 
Co-Sporrs Editor 

COSTA MESA - The UCSD 
women's soccer team continued its 
34-game replar-seuon unbeaten 

into the game, after UCSD's Diana' 
Muchowski wu tackled from be-
hind in lhe penalty box. Lee fired a 
rifle of a penalty shot dircc:dy It Van-
guard gollkeeper Amy Lewis which 
bounced out of Lewis' hands and 
into the goal. 

streak with a 
7-1 humilil-
tion of bost 
Southern Cali-
fornia College 
last night 

The Tritons, 
who have now 
oubcored sec 
21-1 in the last 
two years, 
were in total 

control from the begillning. Despite 
a fillltJ-lboIt, MIIOW and .... 
for field teItina Humveea - guar-
anteed to IIow the Trito .... UCSD 
(9-0-3) compIeIeIy denied' the Van-
guanI offenIe. It toot 10 minutes for 
sc:c: to conbol the ball on the Tri-
ton half of the field. 

The UCSD offense, 01\ the other 
hIIId, wu having no such troubles. 
Dan Lee scored the IOCOIId goal of 
her collegiate career seven minutes 

The Tritons' second score elme 
with-18 minulel gone, when Kelly 
Kramer took the ball to the left side 
and launched a crossing pass. Ele 
Jolmson wu in perfect position at 
the center of the goal and converted 
with a shot to the top of the net. . 

sec scored the third goal of the 
contest with an will from the ref-
eree. With 23 minutea to play in the 
half, Lee wu whistled for an invis-
ible foul __ the box. Vanpard 
Jamie GardiIier look the penalty shot 
and converted to brina see to 
within 2-1. II wu the Vanpards' 
only shot on goal of the pme. 

UCSD extended its lead to 3-1 
with just under 20 minutes to play 
in the fint half. Johnlon raced into 
the right comer and fired a frozen 
rope ICIOII the goal. Kramer wu on 
the left side of the net and sent a per-

Global Internship 
and Language 

Programs 
#.: ... ,. 

I ..... I , 
, • ac , •• 

' .. ~". JIt . . - ' // "o~~ _~ /; 
a representative will be on campus: 

October 21, 1994 
Information table at 

"Quest International" 
Study Abroad Fair 

,- --- ------l 
I ] f I I l ' " I ' • 
, I 

l _ J 
hI.II • ..,.. 

hi,..".. ... ",.. ...... 
.... ........,- . ''''-' 

............. ~ ....... -.... -

feet header that boun<:ed off Lewis 
and the post before going in. 

Johnson scored again two min-
utes later, followed by a Brenna Cox-
to-Jennifer Ewert connection three 
and I half minutes after that Lee col-
lected her second of the game 1 :38 
before intermission, giving UCSD a 
6-1 halftime lead. 

The second half wu more Triton 
domination, only with less scoring. 
UCSD, despite the small field, wu 
gettiDJ sideline runs and crosses al-
most at will. 

The Tritons garnered their final 
goal of the game with 3:08 to play. 
Lauren Johnson's 3O-ylrd blast hit 
the aou bar Ind bounced straight 
dowa. 11uee Tritons were there, but 
Kramer wu the nearest to the ball 
and tapped it in for her second score 
of the conlelt. 

Afterwlrd, the Tritons seemed 
rel!cved &0 get the pme over with. 
"It', bard to Illy mentally into tbis 
kind of pme," said Triton goal-
keeper Cari Schwartz. '"But we tried 
to practice the thinp we'll need for 
the big games coming up." 

rEarn a' 
FREE 
trip! 

c-u Trlftl, the nation'lltudmt! 
budpt IrIm ~t, is I~ 

~r:::~~~t:m, -
Tnmt mapzine, promotional 
flyers md Other ltudent diIcount 
Irifonnatlon on campus at UCSD. 
II you'n not lI1y, have a few extra 
hOurI. w"and a:'joylPl8lCling 
the word about atudCit dlIcounlS, 
alfttact \II for more detlllal 
The penon hired hx this poeItion 
wID be a repretentative ofi:oundl 
Travel.tuc:so. PJefereilcewil1be 
tdwn eo the Individual IV.u.bI. 
lOr the IICIId.adc: yar and who_ 
11\ ective InlMwtin marketing and 
worIcin8- ltUdying, or IrIveling 
--. 

TOunnpforlRinNrvIew5. 
oontact Marte .t452-4J6.1()or by 

theofflm.Mmday~ y, 
t.tw.l 9:IJO.5:OI). AIle ibout tile c..,....,,....... 

Jl 'J, ' ( l' Cll d, ">f fInd 1.1f,] " c;; t 
,', (:~ , I, I. , f 0''1.,,11.1: on' 

SPORTS 13 

Introducing the 

NEW PEKING PALACE in UTe 
After 1 0 years serving the finest Mandarin and 

Szechuan cuisine, we are now moving to a new 

location next to C~rlos Murphy. Our elegant 
dining room features beautiful art deco decor 

for your dining pleasure. Come back and enjoy 
again our delicious Peking Palace cuisine. 

OPEN 7 DAYS fOR lUIICH AND DlNNEI. TEL. 452-7500 

f(W-- --cw: 
I I 
I ~ ~ I 
I CIfT CIFr I 
: CflTrRCATf PekJag Palace CEmRCATf : 
: t:i'5" willi minimunoJlUll:'- 0/ 110. NoI .. 1id willi ony............ ®: 
• ~ bp. 11 /»'94. ~ • 

~------------------- ~ 

Petra CilmptuUlt'O 
CarilCmn. 
iJljtfJ CrotiJtt 
Talya ~rittlman 
Jenny qaUion 
?rlary qotiky 
CMstin. ?lalIett 
!Jltatfter ?rltnuf 

qa6ritfft Osman 
Jennifer'1{iIey 
LaUT41(p6ertson 
1{enu Salg4lio 
Lintlsay Spiller 

. Ltali '11iaytr 
9rlidiefft Vieira 

~c.'WifjO'lJ 

THE 
JAP~ EXCHANGE AND TEACHING PROGRAM 

WILL BE AT 

QUEST INTERNATIONAL FAIR 
1e.-r .... ,.. .. 1ooIdng ...... 1 ' .... t 
__ ..... of.,. ~ GenerII of JIIpM"1II UCSDto 
..... '* opportunIy to 1M In ...... and ..va _ ... ,. I S It 
I.MtguIIge T-=t. 01 CoordInID for ••• 1IIIDi1lll R,IIII 01 •• Slap ~ 
qlmetll '** up.wl _ ... I 0I111k ..... fIh9Im. 11111. - •• 
prooedInIni ec:IIeIUe, IIWIg In ....... JET ~ 1IIpand,'" 
(I.nat .... II JtII~ ..... _ ..... ...,OI-=t11ng 
........ 1CI1n Older til IPPIY far".,.., of JET PIqpm poaIIana. 
""'* .......... II Dwow .... 10, 18M.) . 

FRIDAY 
OcroB_ 2 I, 1994, IO:OO.A.JI-G:OO PM 

bn-BaJrATlOM.A.L CBM ,_ "CoUllTY..A.aD" 
In ..... ,au .. UIIIiIIIe eo came ~, ._""l1li and III" III .... 
may be ....... bJ COl ...... CIIIIby of ....... ,. AIIra.d 0IIIcII 
...... 11D,orbJClllng1~~or .. JETO-"of ... 
COr .... 21 .. 174100, ... 322. 

• 

--

• 



• 14 CLASSIFIEDS 
. ~ ) l. " 

The UCSD CUardiaia 
I 

1'IIIrncIay, 0ct.IMrr 20, 19M 

, , 

\ ", \01 '\4 1 \11 .'\ I .... 
Ev.lu.t, Your Dietl FREE nutrition 
counMIIng WIth • IIUCItnL ~ 

acr..~. Come 10" 2nd toorof 
8UIInt 8eMoefarfUlllanpropnt 
wlllSUItnt HtIIII ~ MDncIey 10 
• . m.·noon, TuHCI.y 2 p.m.·' p.m., 
w.cIIlNdIJ 10 Lm.-II am., Ttanday 11 
Lm.-12 p.m., FridIIy II am.·12 p.m .. (I!W 
2G-UWI) 

Beech, October 30 (Sunday beforl 
HIIID .... ). .... tIUIIIIn ~ (ICWO) 

........... D.C. \WIIIan gtt..,. Tin 

.... 8tucIy In our nation·, c.pItal. 
~...".,... tnd ...-...c cndt pnMdId 
by lie AcedImIc IntemtIIIp Progtem. 
ScIIDIInhIpt.lllbll IIIIIIt •• Ic:toi. mty.,. ~ - .... -. 
Application "' for .".'" .nd 
a.-~1I0I*IIItr28."" 
In ..-n, Room 3255 u..n IIuIdIng. 
(IMO> 

CLASSIFIEDS 
FlU 8HOTBI Corne to N&J.', ClIne 8l SEEKlNGtwo .... bodItdptilOflllO ...... 
STUDENT I'£AI.TH SERVICE. M.T.Th.F ... loedIngtnd ........ ...,...OI*IIItr 

CIDssiJiid tulvenising is sold in 2O-wonl inmments. 17te rate per 20 wonff is $2 for 
studmIs (for peno1IQl use mly), $3 for focuJty _ SIIljf, tmd $4 for otIten. Payment in 
advance is requited; thelefore, IlIls IPIIISI be 1IIfIiIBd willi II dredc (millie payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) 01" pEttellled in penon. DeI/MIJine.s tI1f! 3 p.m. '1'1uIntJoy for Mottdily ~ 
~ _3 p.m. Mondoyfor'1'1ulntJoy~ issue. The Guardian1aelWS the right torrfuse 
any odw!rtising including but not limited to comptIIIiomhipadr. For more infonnadon 
caJJ534-5416.Mllilingatltlt£ss: U{sDGuan:lia ... Attn:C~ 9500GiImIlnDrive, 
0316, LaJoI/Q, CA 92093'()316. ACIUIIl tu:Idn!s.s: StudentCenIer A, top /foot: 

tom ~II AM., Wedneedlt." A.M., FIt 22.2-3 hoIn. "0. CeII~. (1()(.!O) 
tom 1-3p.m.I5.00 (IOI2O-ICWI) 

ART SruDENTS: Body ...... 8l BIIIck', 

• HAVING 
PROBLEMS 
GETTING 

MOTWATED?? 
Life is Good! 

Leam how to liv8 it. 
o Weight Management 
o Exercise Motivation 
o Getting Olit in San 01800 

CONFIDENTIAL 
ONE-ro-ONE SESSIONS 

CAU. 455·6310 
Sflll 'nf [} '. ('III'" .1. Ilf lnw 

GREGG LEEDS MIRON 
MQivationaJ ~ (l) 

For God ING not gtvm us Ii spirit of 
foar; but of /JOIIl'r and of IoIIt and of 

sound "'Ind. - ".,."",." 1:7 

VISITING AUSTRALIA 
OR NEW ZEALAND? 

For quality 
accomodation at 
reasonable rates, 

contract: 
BED & BREAKFAST 
BOOKING SERVICE 

P.o. Box 298, 
Edgecliff, N.S.W. 

2CYl7, Australia 
Fax 612 327-8357 

~ 1.0. CARDS IN I 
I ONLY 5 MINUTES I I Pta'",' •• " La.'.".' i 
....... IItMrIu.. ........... , J ... a., ....... J ....... -11",. i 

274-1455. 
~ GImII-'.c - 8M1JIIIit, CA .. CII 

, Campu, Crundl for Chrl,t. an 
InterdtnormIItI ChrIItIIn 0IQMIzIII0n, 
will mtIIt TUIIday, ()c:tot. 25111. o.vw 
AIYIrIIdt Room. 7:30-8:00 p.m. ChIck II . 
OIA! (10I20-10t'24) 

IItadtd J..-y hind aaIIad by UCSD 
artIItII Graa1 pr ..... 1 Very cooll Very 
afIordabItt ucso·, GENERAL STORE c0-
OP Kr1II<tIIIIonI782-58I5O. (1!W17' 10I24) 

Huge SUNGLA8SES Tint .... in 1ht 
parking 101 dlrlClly in front of Dr. l.tvtnIhaII 
lilA Jolla VIIagI Squarl. 0cI0btr 22+23. 
(10117-10120) 

TIlt Ac8dImic InIWnIhIp ProgrIm .. now 
ICCIpIing appIIca1Iont for IUIIWI1II' 1985 
DIpaI1rntnt of Stalllii it8mIhIpI. Mull have 
minimum 3.0 GPA and 90 unlit eo apply. M 
ma1triaII rTlUlllIt IUbmIItad 10 DoS·bV III 
1. AlP IlIoadad In lit. Bldg. Room 3255. 
(1!W17-10I20) 

GET IN SHAPE WITH FllWAlK. MIlt 8l 
SUn God MlWfTM' 12-12:50 or WTLfflI4-
4:SO. (Oct 1G-Otc 2). SpontorId by StudtnI 
HtaIth AdvocIIM. For IT10IW InIo ell 534-
1824. (10113-10124) 

HILLCREST IIID. CTA TO ~. 
V...-ooL hit optnIngI forUCSOfaculty. 
iliff a uc a.LOYID IT\JD!NTI. "WOU 
rIIidt In III HIcNtt ... tnd work 8 am.-
4:30 p.m. on ~ WI II ." IXCIItnt 
COI'I1InI8 opIIon. CII CAROLE 8l .. 3-
RIDE. (W2& I (1(20) 

1101 ~I \(~ 
IA Jolla Colony. $4OOfmon1tI, $21!0 1ICIdy. 
In paymtnll. pool, jacuDI, 2Ixv.lba. bus 
nlID. CIndy 458-11190 (100'lI0) 

Share two btdroom IpIm1tnt wIIh quiet 
llmall on GtnIItII I NoIItI Drlvll. 
AYallabl1 NOYlmblr I . Wanl quilt. 

1tIpOi1liblt~IIudanI8lUCSD. 
CtI anyIImt 878-0208. "., for Amt. (101 
20-10(31) 

NonImoktr 10 IhIrI 3 btdIoom homt In 
North Pacillc a.dI, 4 bIocko 10 t.ch, 
hardwood ftoors, $42!!ImonIh, 483-11355. 
(10120) 

UTC: fumIthId room IWiIabIIIn blllAIIIJ 3 
bedroom townhoml. Prll,r cilln. 
ItIpOi IIibIt I1OII-IIIIOkIng malt. $355 + 113 
LdIiII. "- 455-1708. (10t'20-10t'24) 

Houle tor rll1l. San MtrllOI3 btdroomI, 2 
btIhI. vItw, new carpel & paint. $8IiO per 

monII. 714-71&-4843 (I(W1NI/1O) 

LARGE STUDIO. SoIorII ~ 
... btdroom, t.Ih ....... IIIi1IIIi ••• 
_ t.ch. $37S + UIIa 7S5-4702 (I (WI 7-
10120) 

UTC. Huge room 12' x IT with vIIw, 
dIIIIWUhtr, miclOMYI, 1Iundiy, pMdng. 
bus. RInt ntgOIIIbll. Pager 88HMIIII 
~. (1!W17-10t'21) 

FREE unUTlESI 2 bedroom, 2 bdl. N. 
CIaIrtmont. 8 mInIDI from UCSD. dItn. 
quiet. ONLY S6WmonIh ~ tncIudtd. 
Lucat 270-3532. (10117-11110) 

IA Jolt. Roomrntte ntIdtd. SpecIout .. 
wlllrtplKt. own room. "III .!VW & 
bIIt1room. WaIk~ $440. 454-33114 
or~ (1!W13-10I31) 

Room For Rtra. MIra MIle WttI. 5,,*, fiom 
~ 4 bdim, :2 112 t.Ih .-hcuI. 
Includll furnlturl. laundry, & kltchlll 
..... FtmIIt~~.CaI 
WttIf1y 57N8113. (10I13-10t'21) 

Room: FtmIII. CIttn, quilt. .....,,1IIbII, 
~HoIM. $300+113.DEP06IT, 
Non-ImOIdng. no ptI8. M apjAIIIIlCII. 232· 
30&37. (1(WIG-IIW24) 

3 8tdroom TownhoIwt off EMIgIIIt ..... 
WuMlIdry«. pool. $88Ofmo & 110l111im0. 
(2 condoIlYIIIIbIt) Cell 782-6463 (I!WIG-
1()j'31) 

C1NN YOUR OWN HOMEI Don'ttwow rtnI 
cmn... NMr UCSO I In 180,000.. 3 bIdt 
"40.000+ a IuIIury 1IomeI. Euy tInerIci'Ig. For dItclour* _ AD In UCSD S1udtntI 
FIQJI.yI8taIf 0Irtd0ry beck PIlI 5. Frtt 
Info REIMAX JucIII HADDOX 275-2818. 
(11W3-1or.m 

F Roon ••• tIIIr1ItdlO .... IuuySOllnl 
a.dI2btdiaom:2112 ..... UnIIhtdcando 
In t.ch tont ~ lJndI90und pIIg.. 
...... poaII. tnd jecuzzI. Molt .... 
PIId. seoo. e52-348511d. 107. (W28-1CW1) 

E'IPUn'II-.'\T 
PaltTlmlJob, IIIdbItholn(dlytprWred) 
• ." EnroIrntnI CourIIIIor for KepIIIn T ... 
PIwp. Ww + ~ ~n""44. (10120-
1()j'31) 

Flit, E8tyMonty. 8etyoAJlOOMlhcuL Be 
fOUl' own boll. ~ commIItion p.Id 
WIIIdy. CIITlIfIny 8l 415&-7'1153. (I Ql2C).I!W 
27) 

L.ooIdng far ... ~ far '" hoIIdeyI? 
Boobter II hiring ......"." ....".. 
boolalll ..... ",. wou ...... -10 warIIll/ 
1 ....... ,1W47 ThIIl .. ."on our Job FIIr 
o.ye, 0I*IIItr 28 noon-6 p.m.; 0I:IDbIr 27 
2-7 p.m.. lIII5O ~ A_ 8uh 
230, or cal 457-7S81. (10120-10124) 

EXTRAI..a.I'OR'MEam$SlO-$I000 
wetIdy IIUItIng tnYtIopII. For dttIIIII • 
RUSH '1.00 wlIh SASE 10: Group FIYt. 57 
Grlllltrll DrIve, SuItt 307, [)owr, DE 
111801 . (10/20-119) 

Now '*tna Round Tabit PIzzI Prict CtntIr. 
FIIIdbIt hourIdty.rld ~ 1IIIIII1YIIIIIbII. 
Come In 10 apply. (10/20-1113) 

IIARKETINQ RIP. SIIItt tnd MarWng 
txptrIlIlCI prtftrrtd. FUll TIME willi 
bIMIIII. FAX,...... 2n~ or InlllIO 
Kap.nElU:tllorlllc.r..,471Oa.nmant 
MIle Blvd, SIll DItgo, CA 82117. ATTN: 
Juon. (10/20-10121) 

PIIt TImt--Gourmet Uquor SIort near 
cempuI. S1DcIdng. cilllling. cuatomIr 
........... hcuL AW/In ~8l 
9t 0trmIIn· .. (1!W17-1C121) 

~ WANTm: SmIlIng. .tIpOilllllt let 
cream ICOOper and counter hllp It 
GMIImo', new M ....... HomIInedt let 
er-... P.t 1ImI tnd nW*- AAJI'J In 

~, ~11 .. m..ep.m .. 503 
FIfth AYIIlUI, S.D. (10117-10120) 

PIIid ~..,.-.I1'*"'IIIIp . Be 1NinId In 
mktg, nlll, Inltryltwlng, motIvtllon, 
CUIIomIr rtIIIIDnt. Me. Earn mWmum 
$2,5OHIOKillliWGlne. tnnctI ofaudlnt 
Worb PIInIIng. Molt I*Ing wlllltcorr.,atll 
." Nov far .........,.,., poeIIoN. CAllI 
(800) 3II4.eOOO far 1nIo. (11W17 -1WI) 

RECEPTIONIST PIT polltlon. Prol, 
dtpIIldIIIIL Work WI'co-wOIbr'I on Odd 
pnljIctI. RttII.ICII,..,nd. LeJoll4S-
1240. (10I17.ICI4O) 

s.ndwIdIlhop(lJTC) 8IIII1Ina...,.,.. + 
nweII. 15-20 hoIn. WIlle. CtlI552-11113 
... 2 p.m. (1(W17-10(31) 

Altl YOU A ~T, NC).I GAD. 
DDWr~Y"ANT-TGWOIIK'?ThIn 
don't.....,.,.,IOIiI ... I'mamnllytlllllng 
Il'>Qlbl'lIO work _ cIIIIrIIUIn tor ..... 
1IIIIng. doctor rioomrnilldtd nuIrItIonII 
producta (I IITI INbIt 10 hIndIt .. oI1h1 
IncoiNng ordIrIlIont.) You '** ItMt hoIn, 
1ocIIIcn, and producta; 11 work IIOUI1d yoAJI 
iIdItduItI EIIIDIIIInt pay poIWIIIII. For mort 
i'Ifo, ceIIl~7-'-. TlIiIII not. 0DkI-
ClIng 01 boIItr room opnIIan. I'll LOCAL 
AND LeQlTl (10113-10124) 

DON'T BUY INTO THE DIrT HYPIJ If you 
till btIIewthiltyouc.n 1oII~ 3IpoI.rIdI 
In_ monIh, ~ _ only IdddIng yountIf. 
You wII ortt IIIIn ht WllghlIItck. .. tnd 
IhIn IOmIII Our Doctor r~1dtd 
nutritional IUPPIementI a~-:.~ IAfE. GRADUAL, and 
rldawllhoul .. lllquIck .. lotIfIWpII 
CII 4ZI-tIMI for more Ii IIDimIIIon .rid I 
I'RD ...... ,. ALWAYlweofllr a .. 
dIy. tOft --r ............. Do 
tilly? (10f13-11W24) 

SNAPSHOTS! Fun-IoYIng. ~ ponon 
to 1Ik8 pIcUIIln cIubL No ..,. 000d • 
-*'g houri. For appoIi ..... eII.,· 
4180. (10f13-10t'21) 

SubjtcIa -*d tor a ....., on IblhaI'w 
...... If~ .. a Jill ..... CIIIMM, 01 
KarwM, ........ IIDm ...... cal8crtppt 
RtIIM:h for men Intern..,. 5154-72040. 
SuIIjtaI8 NImburItd. (1!W1G-IIII) 

LOSE WEIOHT1 FeII.z:: Make .. 
rnontV1 Forhl~~ call-IOC).<tIO. 
FASl'. Th,n call 818-... -4814. LIf' 
EIcIIntIon Ii 1IIinIIIoI.. DIIdIuIOr. (11W3-
10120) 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING-Elm up to 
~000+1mo. on CruIte ShIpt or Land-TOIl' 
companili. SI .. onal & Full-Tlml 

Information Tabl •• in the International Center Patio. staffed by 
representatives of the following organizations and institutions. 10a.m.-3p.m. 

u.s.-5pontOtM Study AIIrotd Programl ForwIgn u.w..tty Study Proer-t 
ACCENT EuropttI'I S1udiII ProgrMl 
American lnatitule lor FoIe91 Study (AIFS) GoIdImiIhI' College, UniweISiIy of london 
Bee_ College CenIIIr lor Eca-tion AbIoed InIIr-stuclv I'r'ogrMIIMI 
BoeIon Univeraity ineem.IIonal PIogr8ma Noalll~""Trwnt ~ 
Buller Univef8lty '11III\uIe lor Study AbIoed Seint a.r. .. l.IIer8I Ma Progrilm 
CoIege eon.orttum lor I ........ StudieI(CCIS) Uniwfllty 01 G .... 1ejaA 
Council on .nn Educationel ExchMge (CIEE) UniwtaIty 01 ~ 
eo.t Coom1unitv College o.triCt UniIIeNIIy 01 HuI 
IIIItItuIIIor A/neftCM lJnIwnItiea UniwtaIty 01 Lancaaler 
IIIIIrnIiIIcNJ S1UCIIee AbIoed I.JniooIeNIIy 01 StIrlIng 
IndUe lor Social & InIImdonai Studies ('SIS) 
lEXiA Exchange I""",doll.' Wortc. InIIm8hIp ~ 
Loyola MroIymount ~ CEfICouncII T .... 
MonIII'Iy IndIuIe 01 inIImdorIIIi SIudIIe EcIucIItIcJMI f'IogremI AbrI»d (EPA) 
N8l1 ~IIoo, c:....1or Study ~NRCSA) 1nIImdoI. E~1Ion PIogram 
NorIIIMII-"'-" ..... u.w.r.IIy JIpM ~ • TMCting( JET) 
s. ... L.--. College "-CorpI 
SdIooi lor Ft.id 8UIM 
s.m.e.r III 8M On Camput. -...m 0rgenIaII0nt 
..... 1.InMNIIy 01 NMoI YOIII(SUNV) Nt»ny en.Ing CIA.- CUI 
..... lJnIwnIy of NMoI YOIII(SUNY) IIroc*poI1 UC EUIIIIIan AIIrOICII'nIgIMI (EAP) 
SUIo ArIa CtnIw 1nIImIIIoo. (SACi) EIIInar ........ ~ 

~ ~ .......... inIImIIiarIIICtnIer QUEST 194 
The Study-Work-Travel Abroad Fair 
at the UCSD International Center 

Friday, October 21, 10 - 3 
Everyone Welcome 

the Programs ~ 0:. (EAPIOAP) 
s:w.1123 

T __ ~ ~","""'CIab 
UC IMM SuiM* ..... Abr-s 1nIImIIIIII1II ..... 
WoiId ec.g. IndII* ~"''''''111''''''''''' & Pmftc S1UdIeI (iRIPS) 

UC8D ~ AbnIId PnIgrIm (OAP) 
L.efIIuaIt. C ...... 1IUIIy Proeo.'" PnIpN ~ IriIotrMIIon 

~a..... __ 

~ SU:Iee EnioImenIc- TntwI ..... 
SptnIIh CtnIIf 01 LanguIgIe Ccunc:t TIIMI 

InterntdlonM Cefe Lunch 
at the 1nIernaIIoneIc.m.. 11:30 •. m. -1 :30 p.m .• lor only $2.50 

Ip a ...... ." CcIunoI rr.w.I 

'l'luandity, 0etuI.er JO, 19M 

., ............... ND .. ?~. 
I'oi'~ GIl t· .... o.-.. ~. 
...... 

FORSALElDUltbtd, .......... ...-
tndFrlmtonly_oo.~DatMIriC 
prj,.. only NO.OO. MovIng. ...... .... 
!mi ..... e !y. Cell ~m .... (ICWO) 

FORSALE: BnbIt~... 1,.8iiOilbuwd, 
... "75Iabo. SId Baaet. LadII', LMge 
- e. - .... "C1WDbO. c.., I5S4-3507. 712·71118. (1~ICW4) 

MaciIlOltl 1111, 5M RAM, 80M H.D., color 
monitor, H.P. color prIneIr, nu:h ICIIlwart 
(IIcIcIa); .. IIHIy .-td; "0000'ab0. DIMd 
877.04115. (IQI2C).1(W4) 

DESK • BIg. Blown. SUcIy. Ugly. a-p. 
•. CII 8IiHI5Il. 11'1 not PNIY, but "I 
to\VI. (100'lI0) 
CtJIII'NJ PROUNEA 4B)X2-8C), 4 Me 
RAM. 270MB MD. FIII/MocMm, SuptrVOA 
Moi*Jr. I MB I..ocIi But, Sahon, '1200. 
411CH1115. (1CWD-IIW24) 

MaciIlOltl f'owIrbooII for lilt, 4 MIl RAM, 
40 .. HD. ~ 7.1. EJIDtI. Word. + 
men. 1125. 4I5M057. (1tWO) 

STEREO SYSTEM: PIor.- VSX-0801 
ReotMr. 1'0-7700 cd, CT-W!502R 1apI. 4 
...... + NMoofIr. ,... "7'00. IInII 

........ OtIl7I4tlO (1~1*, 
JlQlllIAU: .,...,PIIIo, ..... ... raIraI." ........ 15 ...... cyI • 
.......... 11_.417.-. 
(1.tCWl7) 

AIIIIIIIIIdw: 1IIIIk~""o. good 
0CIIdIan. ~ "30. acIIIIct It 180. 
......... "0. 15 gallon IIqUIiUn 
.. I..tcra.t tqIiprntnt: dIIIi..,.,', 
............. illllhhltd, ......... 
0CIIdIan 130. ~ gIcMt: .. ,.. 
.. CII HIny .'-3577. (10f13-10120) 
,.0000ea..anWllgon. ... 3.0V8. 
...... "IIOOfOIIo. 4tH_ JIlt. (1!W 

... 

~I'I:\ I4.L~ 
PET/HOuaetlttw. RtIpOMibIl perlOn 
Iyallabll by thl hour. day or wllk. 
RIIti.1CII, ,....1IbIt,... + laIIofT.LC. 
454-1833. (10r'20) 

sr-td? Try ThIiIpIuIIc. A II'IIIIIgIby 
ucso,......" 1I''TMrIIpItt Hamttnd 
oIb appoIi*"tnII 1YIIIabIt. ....... 
I'IIIkI grMt giIII. a2N262. (I 0/20-1()j'31) 

MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION, c:onUIIng 
tnd IroubillhoOIIIlIl. IndIvidUII or group 
ItIIonI. Flexlblthourl. ~ 782-11822. (I!W 
20-1/19) 

NtId I VCR, TV, or 0ItItf tItctronIct 
...,.nd7 Come 10 AmtrIcIIn TV InCl VCR 
RIpIIr. Sn.a ~ owner. Call 2113-
Tr01. (1!W17-10I20) 

STRUOOUNO WRITERS AHO ENGUSH 
STUDENTS. RteliYI hllp from an 
IiCIMIIIICId. ~tutorwlloNily 
11 __ tdlOCIIItgtIlYtl wrIIIng. ExhmIIy 
......... ,...tnd .... lCtwduIt. Cal 
NIdI 481-28215. (1(11'17-10124) 

1IIID OF YOUR .IOI? Don't hIYI _1 
MIIIIIdnIItd. Wo!tc home. No 1IIIng. 
Don't"" kelp !IOU tom twty illhnillt. 
Stnd " & ~ Box 724, ~, CA 
82e32. (10117 -1tVl1D) 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

DON'T IUV INTO 1MI DIn' HYNI" ~ 
.. bIIItwt .. ,oyCMIotI_3Ipoundt 

. In -1'IICdI. WOU .. "" IddcIng .--.. 
youwllortt_ ........... tnd .... 
DnIIIOwDocllDrNOOl,,,.ldIIdrUtlonll 
IUppltmtntl alur.. you 01 IAI'I. 
GRADUAL. and CONII8T!NT rIIIiIII 
wIIIIU II III qati .. IotIIIfPII Call 
.... far more ~1IDimIIIon tnd I "". 
1IIft1IIt. ,. ALWAYS we ofIIr I -..y. 

t~ ~ ........... Do Illy? 
(1!W13-10t'24) . 

Modlll, danclr, 01 dlvlrll Ithnlc 
1JecI9ound. We nttd enIhuIiuIIc mill InCl 
_ for marklillng III In. dotb', oIIIce. 
m·an (10I1G-10t'20) 

UCSDMEDlCALCENTERII HiIcrNt.---
iIIIIIIy 'IOIunIIarI, II(1II 18 10 SO, for • 2 
hour 'EytbIInk Study.' "0 pIut parking will 
be provtd«I. Cal PaIIIt 8l 543-2314. (I !WI 0-
11128) 

. .. 

\\\\11 .1) 

1WINIf • you _anllllnllcal 01 ........ 
twtn. pi .... pertlolpttt In lUCID 

~""'Il""·IF.i1IIwII 
beiIICII~-" !l1.d CalJ,'---t 
----. (1!W17-12I1) 

SuIIjICII WII'IIId far I iIIIIdy on alcohol', 
tIItctt. "you _ I .......... CNnttt. or 
1CotMfI. AInIIto.IoIIom ...... cal SCI1ppe 
RIttwch for _ 1rDmItioo1. 554-7240 . 

. . 

PEI:~4)\ \I.~ 
DISCOVER TH! IIYIT!AY OF YOUR 
ROMANTIC RELATIONSHIP. Ar ... 
diIcuItIcI: love. -. afIection, compttiblliIY.. 
fetIingI. 1IIIdt. Stnd ~ Ind your matls 
birth III1d CUITII1t nan., bIi1hdattI 10: T. 
BIIIIII. P.O. Box 1081, IA Jolla 112038. 
"5.00. 15P1111'. 1IniIItdIMt rIIPOiIII. (1W20) 
12 MONTH TAROT REAOING. StIIctTopIc: 
LOVE. MONEY. GUIDANCE, OUTCOME, 
Itc. T. BIIIIII. P.O. Box 1081 , IA Jolt 
92038. "0. (10(&111/27) 

ThII II a love IIltIr for MonIca who wit 
~Iy jump Into mt am upon rlldlng 

AIRLINE RJGHT ATTENtWfT JOBS. New thiI ad. VIad. (100'lI0) 
bookl'MllllIInII, "'how. UpdajInCl -----------
~. IsIOOs7ef'l.1OHT. (tr'2O-10t'24) HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNETTEIII Ralph 

LO~I \\1) Fe)f \1) 
LOST: FIIIIIITIIty badgt; black .rid gold wi 
tmaII dIImond; IDtt on Sun God lawn on I!W 
8.lffound.pltattellJon8l454-37211. (I!W 
17-1()j'31) 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

. 

TWINS 
NEEDED 

Please Call J. Larsen at 
534-6283 to participate in a 
UCSD PsychoLogy Dept. re-
search project. 

Identical and fraternal 
twins needed . 

PartJdpaDU wUl bemoa-
etarlly co.peDs.ted for 
tbelrtfme. 

: Smoothies : 
I I Pina Koala I 
I • Strawberry Fields I 
I I frange Screamer I 

:$ 99 : 
I 1 ........ 1 1_[)~. Nos __ ... __ .1 
L Orepoi' - , &i*w '0/3'!1M. • --------~ 

FREE PRACTICE TEST 
LSAT 
GRE 

GMAT 
MeAT 

Come take a practice diagnostic exam to fmd out if your scores are: 
A) Absolutely marvelous 
B) Beyond help 
C) Could be better 
D) 
E) 

Don't need any work 
Exemplify everything you hate about standardized tests 

CAll 558-0500 to .... n. aspic. 
Tuesday, October 25th at 5:110 p.m. 

at the Princeton Rill .. offlc. 

.. 

-

, 

, 



\ . 

\. 

16 SPORTS 

F .... Pntgnancy T~ 
EaI1y PfeanMcy T"'-(1rIIrMd1ata '"'reSt ResuIta) < 

Birth Control . ~,. 

. Outpatlent F ....... · 8tertHation 
LA MESA 

8881 Fletcher Pkwy. 
(819) 898-8801 

MISSION VIEJO 
28400 La Alameda 

(714) 348.-2440 
NEWPORT~H 

4501 BIn::h St. 
(714) 851-1201 

CO.PUTIR 
SCIINCI & 

IN.ORMATION 
IYITIMS 
MAJORS learned, 

the only question 
left is where. 

companies in the wotId Ioday, you mull decide 
edge. Which one will be around 0 decode from now. 
of these is hiring. To tills end, consider the following: 

software is used by over hoIf of the FOIIune 500 ond was aworded 
of Quality Aword for 1993. J.D. Edwards hos polled a 50% growth 

the post 17 years with no outside capitol, no outside debt. 
And 1.0. IfIwanh 1.1tIrint. 
W. are Mlling up a booth at !he University of CaIifomIo.San DIeuo Cor_ 
Fair October 27 to Rnd eight entry-level Technical Conaultonts lor our Com 
Meso ofRce. The people we ore looiting for ore M IS or CS majors with slreng 
programming/analyzing "'ills (C Of C++) and on overall GPA of 3.0 Of belter. 
Once hired, extensive dowoom and or>Jhe.job training will be proYided. 
J,D. Edwards off ..... "cellent compensation, comprehensive benefits, and 
ouIsfondlng professional oppor1Unities in a low slress, suppDfINe company 
cuItur •. If you con~ oIIend !he car_ fair, send your re_ and a copy of your 
transcriplto: HulIIOn Resourcel,J.D. Edward, & Co., 1055 E. Tufts Aye., see. 
1200, 0.-" CO 10237. EOE M/F /D/V 

SOFTWARE FOR A 
CHANGING WORLD~ 

,STUDY ABROAD IN ISRAEL 
FOR CREDIT 

" 
THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF ~ JERUSALEM 

'* 
TEL AVIV 
UNIVERSITY 

,& BAR-ILAN UNIVERSITY 
~ BEN-GURION UNIVERSITY 

HAIFA 
UNIVERSITY 

ProgI'llIfU for .n"~rgf'rl"""t~ an" gf'rl".IIt~ ",,;lmts: 
ONE YEAR PROGRAMS • SEMESTER PROGRAMS 

SUMMER COURSES 
COURSES TAUGHT IN ENGUSH 
For more infonmltion plea. caD: 

, Hebrew University t-800-40.4-8611 
Tel Aviv Univenity 1-112-687-5651 
Bar-Dan Unlvenity 1-112-337-1186 
Ben-Gurion University 1-800-962-2248 
Haifa Unlwnity 1-800-388-2134 

TheUCSDG~ 

........... 

·HeIIIh~ 
• MecIf.CIl • 
~ • VIla .~ 

·DIIcovIr SeHlbll __ 

Beuin 
,,,", 

Your 
Nursing 
CarceL .. 
As t\ I )ortof 
The Doctor of 
Nursing (N.D.) Degree 
Open To Non·Nurses 
with a Baccal/lureate 
Degree 
The Frances Payne Bolton 
School of Nursing at Cue 
Western Reserve University in 
Cleveland, Ohio is one of the 
oldest and most prestigious 
nursing schools in the country, 
The Nursing Doctorate (N.D.1 
it an innovative four year 
program that leads to a 
professional clinical doctorate 
in nursing··designed to build 
on rather than repeat the 
baccalaureate degree. 

1-800-825-25401 
ext. 2529 

Creative Worship 
By & For Young Adults 

This is not your 
parenfs churchl 

Sat: 6:30-7:30 PM 

Church of the 
Good Semaritan 

4321 Eastgate MllII 
(2 bI. N of UTe Mall) 

Information and rideI caN: 
458-1501 

Thanday, Oetober JO, 19M 

YIIIow ~/GuIIdIn 
.... ~ (7)", for the ....... r .... _ SUnIlI ••• 

M. SOCCER: 
Tritons scare 
Division I foe USD 
ContInUlid fnNn ..... 11 
score to 2-1, the Tritons had their 
sights set on much loftier goals than 
"just playing with them." 

Alas, it wu not to be. Emile 
Wakim drilled the equalizer with 
only 1:30 left to play, sending the 
match into overtime. Eventually, 
Stephan Sbipley's game-winning 
line drive from 2S yards out sunk the 
Tritons' upset hopes. 

foes The Muter's College (Sept. 7), 
Azusa Pacific (Sept. 9) and Biola 
(Sept 12) have tarnisbccI an other· 
wise respcaable scuon. Following 
the Biola lois, UCSD's lone defeats 
have come at tbe hands of NAIA 
national contender Westmont (Sept. 
21), Division I Cal (Sept. 30) and, 
now, USD. 

·We are starting to move to an· 
other level of play now," Assistant 
Coach Ted PryzIbek said. "We are 
Sllrting to play playoff-caJiber soc· 
cer. We'll have to see if that's where 
we end up." 

Monday's ~ triumph over vis-
iting Division III 
Cal State 
Stanislaus 
sbould help a 
little. After a 
.corelesl first 
balf, UCSD 
blazed out of the 
bIoc:b in the sec· 
ond 45 minutes 
of game. 

"All tbeir 
goals wm: good 
Ibotl," Burnl 
said. "It was just 
the timing of the . 
goal. that wu 
so horrible for 
us. One with 
1 :30 left in 
regulation and 
the other at the 
end of the sec-
ond .overtime. 
That's tough. 
[Neverthelell ] 
this wu a good 
result for us and 
should belp us 
build for the rest 
C?f the leason, 
especially if we 
make the play-

YIIDI ZoIc*tIw/GlMlllln 
..... AIIIIon rwoonIMIlO 
__ .... 1IIt UID on MOl..." 

At 54:29, 
Hetherington 
worked his way 
into the clear on 
the left, prompt-
ly drilling a line-
drive to the left 
corner of tbe 
cqe. A diving 
Stanislaus 
keeper did all he 

offs. Now we know that we can play 
with .ybody, especially in Division 
III." 

"We played exceptionally well," 
Armstrong uid. "'To playa Division 
I team to that level speaks a lot of 
the talent this team bu. The pme 
didn't help us in the staDdiop, to the 
(NeM playoft' selection] commit· 
tee a loss is a lou, but we couldn't 
have done mucb more. 

"Lut nipt, I realized why we 
schedule tbeee Division I teams. No 
other Division ID ICbooI doea. We 
like to challenge ounelvea to see 
what we are made of. These are the 
nights the boys will remember," he 
lidded. "I'm sweating it a little bit 
since we are on tbe bubble [to make 
the poIIIlMlKI] but we nearly earned 
our way iam the tourumeatat USD. 
The maida apinIt Irvine [another 
DiviIioIlI prDII'IIIl] IDly be tile alp 
we are Iooti. for." 

Unfortunately, the Trito ... y 
DOId a few ICIIpa 10 ...... ... 
way into tile poatIellOB. Deapile 
aoIid will O\W DiviaioIa DI oppo-
....... arty...,. ... to NAJA 

could to get his hands on the ball, 
but the subsequent deflection 
dn"bbled lazily over to a ready, will-
ing and able MIlt Chilton at the far 
left poet. The junior gladly coaverted 
the cay tap-in 10 put UCSD up to 
"y,I-O. 

The TritonII_uItaI the Warrior 
def .... apia at 62:34. A beautiful 
Ocampo touch pili found Ferber 
streaking down .... left side. Once 
apia the Stanisla .. keeper managed 
to deter a Iharp grounder to the 
middle of tbe "Ie. Tbis time, 
Waldman was there Cor the rebound, 
seadi.aleft-foot chip shot into the 
rigllt comer of the net. 

Brian Turner tallied the Jut of the 
Triton pis wi1b 20 miau_ to play. 
Witb Ocampo acceptiD' a comer 
kidt from Ferber OD ... Ieft, ... baD· 
bandliaa ....... 1IIIde quick work of 
two Warrior ...... and croaed 
tbe ball to tIlree UCSD play en 
camped aJoac ... far polL Some-
bow, ia ,Itt .1 •• of .... melee, 
...... woad ., ~ tile ball and 
"opeD .... d .pi ....... ~ 
wiD. 

Tlnanday, Oetober 20, 19M The UCSD Guardiaa 

Tritons Put the Crunch on 
\ 

Crusaders in Straight Sets 
MAUUNCI: UCSD wasted no time putting its 19th win in the books deal-
ing a convincJng 15-7, 15-7,15-4 defeat to cross-town rival Pt. Lo~a 
ByDMKNft 
eo-spon.Edlror 

The UCSD women·s volleyball 
team hu been on a roll since falling 
to CSU San Bernardino on Oct. 8 . 

The Tritons 
were on a five-
match winning 
streak going 
into a Tuesday 
night show-
down witb 
cross·town rio 
val Point Lorna 
Nazarene. The 
Crusaders are 
members of the 
National 
Assosciation of 

Intercollegiate Atbletic:s (NAJA) and 
have proven to be a tough foe for 
UCSD in the past. 

The Tritons, however. wasted 
little time on the Crusaders, storm-
ing Point Lorna's Golden Gymna-
sium and coming away with a con-
vincing, straight·set victory (15·7, 
15·7, 15-4). 

"We dominated the match from 
the start, " Head Coach Doug Dan-
ncvik said. "We played great." 

After winning the opening game 
of the contest, UCSD arrived at what 
Dannevik termed the "pivotal point 
in the match." With the second game 
knotted at three points apiece, the 
Crusaders tallied three consocutive 
points and quickly grabbed a 6-3 ad-
viDlage. 

"Normally, I would call a 
timeout, but I wanted the team to 
learn how to get a sideout on ita 
own," Dannevik said. "It's important 
for them to be able to regroup u a 
team." 

The Tritons managed to gather 
their composure without the aid of 
some encouraging words from the 
c:oac:b and proceeded to put togetber 
a four·point streak of their own, 
which boosted them to a one·point 
margin at 7-6. 

Point Loma called a timeout in 
an Ittempt to slow UCSD's momen-
tum, but its efforts were in vain. The 
Triton locomotive continued to pick 
up speed, reeling off five more 
points to grab a 12-6 advantage and 
foa the Crusaders' coach to call for 
another break in the action. 

No amount of encouragement 
and instruction could slow the Tri· 
tons' offensive onslaught, however, 
and UCSD rolled to the win and took 
• commanding two-games-to-none 
lead in the match. 

GLENN: Big 
Dog wants big bite 
of the Bucks' pie 
COIIllnued froIn ..... u-

U'. really very simple. BcI1ind 
f!JVerY great coDege bubIbaIl player 
bides a money-grubbing, good-for-
nothing agent. These men make it 
their business to ensure that no col-
le,e star enlen the professional 
ranks without at least a million-dol-
Jar signing bOn .. and • JUUlDteed 
contract. 

That contract must, of coarae, 
pay bis client more than the u.S. 
..... IIItionaI prodDd, wbcdIer lie ' 
plays or sill 01 die beacII willi • 

lim Cllen/GuMlan 

~ ~ oontInued to ItrUt her atutr on T....u, nIaM. 
teIIJInI ...... 1dI .. In UClD'. atl'lllallt...t victory 0Nf Pt .......... 

In the Tritons first matchup 
against Point Loma on ~. S, they 
struggled in the third game and were 
forced to clinch the win in the fourth. 
UCSD wu not in the mood to stick 
around for another set this time and 
buckled down in an attempt to close 
out the match in three ¥raight. 

"We executed another good game 
plan," Dannevik said. "We made 
some defensive adjustments [based 
on the first matchup] that helped." 

The Tritons' game plan paid off 
in a big way u they dealt the Cru-
saden a 15-4 third game defeat to 
end the contest in straight sets. 

UCSD stuck. with its starters 
throughout most of the game, rotat-
ing only the middle blocking corps 
of Jennifer Cross, Kristi Askeland 
and auistine Chi. 

Cross. however, saw a bit less 
action than her teammates u a re-
sult of an injury. 

"We didn't rotate a lot, we just 
came out and went right at them," 

spnined pinky toe. 
Speaking of sprained toes, did 

anyone elJe see Sbaquille O'Neal 
writbina about on the floor a few 
weeks ago u if be bad been fatally 
wouncJed? I saw tbis and thought he 
wuout Cor the year, only 10 diIcover 
-tbat he bad IpI'ained his big toe. . 

Now, I realize that buketball is 
not exactly famoul for men who 
endure incredible hardship to bring 
vic:tory to their teams in the all-im· 
portant championship game. 

But if ever IIIW a aorrier sight 
than that sevea-foot-two-inch, 30(). 
pound JOIiadI rolU., aroud OD the 
Ooor like a baby who bad been 
acolded for lllrowia, hiJ mashed 
,.. 011 tile floor, then I'm the ..... 

Dannevik said. "We really kept the 
pressure on. 

"We played superbly," Dannevik 
continued, "We served well, we 
passed well, we out dug them and 
we just out hustled them." 

Leading the way for the Tritons' 
offense were junior outside hitter 
Angelle Crochet and sophomore 
spiker Madelyn Ripken, each of 
whom bombed home nine ItiUs in the 
contest. 

Sopbomore middle blocker 
Quistine Oli, whose presence in the 
middle tbis season bas been a key to 
UCSO's sua:ess, wu responsible 
for putting awar seven balls in ad-
dition to three solo blocks. 

"[Chi] has been playing great in 
the middle," Dannevik said. 

Senior Julie Harvey abo co,,"'''' 
uted to the Tritons' offensive efforts 
bangin, down six kills. 

UCSO will look to continue its 
winning ways against Cal State San 
Bernardino on Friday. 

of Black Beard and all ye' scurvy 
mates will be a' walking the p.lank. 

That picture will be conjured up 
in my mind every time I bear about 
IOIOC poor pro ball player who bad 
to settle for a meager 1.5 million 
dol ..... 

ita far u I'm concerned, they're 
all big, whining babies if they can't 
accept a salary 40 times larger than 
tile avera,e American'. and be 
happy with it. I am .icIt and tired of 
listenin, to tbem complain about 
their lot in life. 

The basic conclusion at wbich I 
have arrived is that when aomeDnc 
made tile statement, -Money is the 
root of aU evil," they meant to say 
....... 

SPORTS 17 ~-

ueSD Night on , ... clall' 
.pt I40L b • ., with ltudent I.D. 
• American Bistro Cuisine 

All menu items under SlO.OO 

• Fresh beer brewed on site 
• Special Drink Prices 

4 'til 6 & 10 'm Close Daily 

University Towne Cmln 
4151 La Jolla Village Drive • San Diego, California 

(619) S87-6677 

.----NEW PATIENT SPECIAL!----. 
Costa o/ertfe tIJentistrg 
~ ~ :$45Qg 

~_" EXAM, 
" CLEANING & 

/ X-RAYS lbitewingl 
A COSMmc", FAMILY DENTISTRY'" ORAL SURGERY 
A We're open evenings and weekends! 
A Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
A Prompt anti gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
A Straighten teeth without braces 
A Special introductory offer-Sl50 teeth whitening (per arch) 
.A 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
A Plenty of free parking! 

CAllUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
..... ar. 

8650 Gene ... Ave., Suite 312 -
w. occepI most inaurance pions and moll mojar credil carda 

~ 
~~~., 

funiuM anncfen/of§/ 
Do JIIII wanllD help plan 
lids ""~8 gradaaIIan? 

The Thurgood MarshaU College Dean's Office is now -
accepting appIicationsforthe Commencement Plan-
ning Committee. Stop by the Dean's office or call 
534-4390 before October 21. Ourfirsfmeeting wiH 
be cbilg the week d October 24. 



.....-...--" ... _.------.. .. -....- - _.-1 '. ~ ~ ~ --- - .. L .~~. ~ :.- - ~- -- -. ,. . . . " ~-:-, - - .. . - -- . . ~ " " -' .... -.. .-

'- ' 18 

• 

, , 

CoedAAA 
1 Aces 

A.B'. 
Team 
Tennis 
Ranking. 
Through Tues·Oct 18th 

W-L QW-OL 
3·0 60-1 5 

2 Why Are Balls Fuzzy? 2-0 34-14 
3 Baseline Beanies 2-0 40-21 
4 Aniats 01 Zen Tennis 2-0 34-29 
5 We're Ruely 2-1 48-35 

CoedAA W-L QW-OL 
1 We Hate Love 2-0 37-1 I 
2 Hoochle Coochle 3-0 53-18 
3 BIll Blshers 2-0 28-18 
4 MCF 2-0 32-19 
5 The Lone While Ranger 1-0 14-1 I 

Coed A W·L QW-OL 
I Qualily Service a-o 39-1 II 
2 Earihpige 2.0 33-19 
3 Racquet ... 2.0 33-24 
4 NelLo_ I-I 30-13 
5 Luv "... NothIng I·' 28-24 

TEAM TENNIs NOTES 
TlIIts ......................... I •• a.f1" ... II1er.tIIe 
_ ............ MC ..... '~ __ all.II ••• 
tIIh Seta*, ....... ......, ... 

All 118111 .... ,...'-. ... _ .... III'" ..... -..,. Is tIIII 
..... ' ..... F .. _ ..................... c.ta 
......... U ................... II. I I I,..,.,. wi! " 
JlIIrIIteH tn a.... IIU$ ..................... , 11 '"""" 

.,.~tIIMe. 

FOf I_lit IllfomIaIIoII •• eIItry ..... ", clleck wItII tile .... at 
tile CIeySIIYIew RICfIItIotI j)tIIc. tIIrICII taU, ... ..., FrNey, 

Tube Polo 
lIenII/Iesm RIC. COllI""'" 
Coed AA 
1. Grovellera 2-0 Still tile Best 
2. TUnarTlIn & Gigglns 2-0 This act II crusning evetyone 
3. Grab my Tube 2·0 Inviting choice 10 float 10 the lop 
4. Natural 80m Killers 2-0 Chance 10 gun down GoYeilers on t 0/30 
5. Screaming Squids 1-1 ShOOk! be in ~ at lIle end 

CoedM 
I . Earthpigs 2-0 Old. slOw & arthrftic. but winning 
2. Aoating Rubbers 2-0 Protecting league standing willl routs 
3. Chalk It Up 2-0 Reducing opponents to cI1a1k ouUinea on pool dect! 
4. MILK 2·0 Got Milk? Couk! be the key 
5. Condoms Suck 2-0 Watch outlu lIleae unprotected animals 
6. The Screwdrivers 2-0 Can get tube8 going IlSIer than lIloea IhuttllS 
7. Waler Weenles 2-0 Get a Shot II Chalk It Up on 1 In 
8. The BeacI1 Leeches 2·0 Sucking up wins, get MILK on Nov t 
9. IRPUS 2·0 Has a glObal approach 
to. Brown Trout 2-0 Floating to the top 01 ~ iIIgue 

The UCSD G.ardian 

Team 
lIen'e AAA 
1 Fire In The Belly i3-0) 
2 AI·Ya! (3-0) 
3 Raw Fullon (4-2) 
4 Sllcky Handa (3-3) 
5 Prlmetlme Men (3·3) 

lIen'aAA 
1 Look Up (1-0) 
2 81 Ortaga (t-O) 
3 You're EZ (t-O) 
4 OIYlng Dogglee (5· ') 
5 Raldere (5-1) 
I LIa1en To Sua .. n (8-1) 
7 DIg TtIII (7-2) 
I Splka TIIII (B-1) 
II Mundo Expr_ (7-2) 
10 Mighty Munchklna (7·2) 
..... '.1. 
I Paly (e-O) 
2 Aard WoIvw (B-1) 
3 Ready to Serve (8-1) 

Thunclal, October 20,1994 

BJ's 
Volleyball 
Power Poll 
'ntrlmu,., VoIlqlMlI R."kln,. 

Commenta 

RHlIy mollvaled thla year 
P.ennlal conlend.r, back again 
Looklng for mora blocking power 
Good MItIng la lheir only wukne.a 
Trying to move up Ihe ladder nellt w_k 

And you ... ua MIlle lOp of ilia l1andlnge 
Eat I" of red Chili peppere before games 
So far ... buf _ •• Check back In two week. 
Good oourt coverage leam. but ph_I 
Much better than the toolbal guys 

. Crunching Ihrough a weak league 
NICe 1_ wt1tI an altitude 
Win be Climbing In WMke 10 come 
can anyone d •• IlI11a •• fall .. ? 
can hit with the big boys 

NorCal boys are landbagglng again! 
II howling e_ 10 dMe 

4 Monlezuma'e R-Ve (11·0) 
5 The Crazies (8·3) 

Go aII_d ... aerval So _ can flnlBh Ihe malch 
Plumbing probleme not Iiowjng lhea. down 
Need paychologlcal help to hang with Ih_ 

W-n·.M 
I Imminent Danger (8-0) 
2 But, TIlle Goes To Eleven (8-0) 
3 AI·Yal (B·l) 

On top for now, but nol for long 
Should be -'ng champ ring. 100ft 
o.r.ndlng Champa ... 1011. game? 
Good be force In D_mbar 4 HI. MIghty 0"" (7-2) 

15 Splkere (3-0) 

Women'. A 
I Inelltutlonallzed (B-1) 
2 I-Hou .. (15-1) 
3 Slammere (5·1) 
4 H.II of FlI!1era (8-3) 
5 Body Building (4-2) 

• 
Gary BtttmtJlI's 
Hockey 
Ratillgs (10·19) 
1IInIIII_ Rec. 
CoedAAA 
t . SIriU SCIbI 2-0 
2. W. Won't Strike t ·O 
3. Kindl Fondl w.ndaII 1-0 
4. In Da Ik.G W/O Bob 2-0 
5. XInopucks 2-0 

CoedAA 
t.T~Cr_ 1-0 
2. Pllnl*1n', R-. 2'() 
3. Scltterbrline t'() 
4. Your Ad HIre 1'() 
5. PUCIc W/BuCk 1-0 

CollI A . 
I . sun- 01 Stidc 2-0 
2. GrIIzky'. 1<Id1 2-0 
3. Slap Hem 2'() 
4. ZuccNni Werriofa 2'() 
5. Still no Ice 2-0 

Too early 10 Iell for lhe •• ;al. 

WI1fI nothing to dO but play VB 
CaIChlng up with the r.11 011 ilia world 
Are _ pI.ylng POGS or VB? 
Not Ihla year 
Daughtere of Joe Weld.r can playl 

1M GOlf Tour 
Ttdce 20 strohs oJ/yow seorl 

What goller wouldn't want to like a doz.n or 
more strok .. off their score? Sura, It iounds 
too good to be true, but the the 1M StatI can 
!how you how. Nal this lan't a late night TV 
wonder. We'ranotgolng to III up .aaIonawlth 

a sports psychologist. You won't get a wllcllookIng contraption that you need 
to take to the rlIl)Qll tor WHlcI 01 practlce. 

It', muct1eujer. It's called the SCl'lunbie. Hey, why not take a partner 
with you to the course. !I you lIiceona into a creek don't worry.· Your partner 
can find the fairway and you can play his ball. How about getting to throw 
out all those 6-fool BOd throwtng chili dips. When your drive "nel. the dog 
dilh In lOm80ne'. back yard, no problem. Just "y, "Hay lOrry partner, I'm 
glad you found the center CUI,' and pun another nugget out 01 the bag. 

The IIrat atop on the 1M GolfTour, The FaU CIauIc, II played unclar thll 
2-person scramble format. Thill' your chance to shoot In the 70', or clara 
we suggest, the 60'.1 It IU t ... off on Friday October 28 at the Castte Creek 
Country Club. To get Iigned up or more Information, Canyonvlew iI your 
answer or call 534-4037. 

To Introduce you (or welcome you back to) 
UCSD's best pizza " . 

UCSD MEAL DEA L S 
we are offering JOILM \\\)\~~~ UCSD 

MEAL DEAL 
_ ...... r 
.' .• ....., 
........ t.r 

99 
plus tall 

MONDAY NIQIfI 
FOOTBALL 
...... 4-1 ... "'" 
....., .... Dec. 21, 
_lIlY .... ....... 
-$299 

- UCSDBIG 
M!ALDOL 
..,.., .... ~ 
.............. 
........ ,., 

$4~!tax 
YAUO ONLY AT c:o.TA WItDC • MIMIiIM LOCAT1ONB. PL.uu MUafT UCIID 'D. EX ... It,... 

1780 MIRAMAR RoAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!0 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

PIzza • Pasta • Sandwk:b • Salads 
y __ ...... ~ ........... Not 
............. o6n. ............... 11. tlk 

• Carry out 
• Delivery 

La jolla VII" Center 
8873 VIla La ~ Dr. 

4SS-oM2 

COLOR USED 

< 

,. 

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTI 

IN THE 

nEWS 
THESE FILMS WILL 
OPEN IN THEATERS 
TOMORROW, 

• Warren Beatty and his wife 
Annette Bening star in Love Af 
fair, a remake of the '~ classic 
An AI/air 10 Remember. Beatty 
also produced ud co-wrote the 
film. 

• The Jackie Chan Film Feslival 
will conclude today at the Ken 
Thealre in Kensington wilh the 
showing of his Kung Fu films 
The ArmOfU' of God II-Opera-
tion COfIdor al 7:30 p.m. and 
Project A, Part 1/ at 5:30 and 
9:30p.m. 

• Gregg Araki's Totally Fucked 
Up opens Friday at the Ken The-
atre and runs through Oct. 27. 
The film looks at the lives of gay 
and lesbian teen-agen! and the 
Problems they face. 

4LBUMS 
THESE ALBUMS WILL BE 
IN STORES ON TUESDAY, 

• Madonna will releaseBedtime 
Starin. 

• The techho-ambient group 
Dead Can Danc:e will release 
TOtWIrd 1M Within. The release 
of the album will be accompa-
nied by a video, which incl'" 
illlerviews and footage from the 
band'. performance at the 
Mayfair Thealre in Santa 
Monica. 

• Aerosmith returns with Big 
Ona, a peatesllrits package. 

/I eKE '/ S 
• Tickdl JO on sa!e Friday at 3 
p.m, for folk·rock sillaer Jeff 
Buckley'B Nov. 25 concert.at the 
La Paloma TheaIre in EDcinitli. 
Buckley will perform will! the 
Rugbums all4l Brenda JCa1ur.' 
TICbIa ... SlOj() in advance. 
Info: 22O-TIXS . 

• TICkeII are now on .... tor 
__ ud MaIy Cllain'. Nov. 28 
CIOICOIt .. SDSU's MCleteZ'l_ 
HaIL Mazy SIar(wlaelitpr 
HapeSudoval ...... ..... 
__ ad Mary au.. ill ... • 
..... )WWopen ....... . 
witII die IUIode I ...... ..... 
Velvel CnIh. I..,: 22D-nxs. 

By 
Jef' 

Nlesel, 
HI.tu~ 
Eelltor 

N MEN TOe T 0 B E R 20, 1 9 9 4 

Still 
Rockin' 
in the 

Voodoo 
Lounge 

Band's show at 
Jack Murphy 

Stadium is only 
rock 'n' roll 

~e Rolling Stones have ~en I ~i)encing critics along every 
leg of their North American tour. 

While the Stones' recent album, Voo-
doo Lounge, has received rave reviews, 

the tour was originally met with skepticism. 
But critics who feltlhe group was either too old (the 
median age of band members is 51) or too moti-
vated by mercenary interests (tickets are a pricey 
$50), have come away stunned by the Stones' 

abi~ity "to rock," as it is often put. 
Without a doubt, the Stones are one of rock 's 

oldest relics, but you would never be able to tell 
from their live performances. Although guitarist 
Keith Richards looks like death warmed over, he 
still plays a mean guitar lead, and vocalist Mick 
Jagger, who struts across the stage with all the 
resilience of the Energizer Bunny, is the showman 
every aspiring rock star wishes he could' be, 

Yel50mething was missing in the Stones' two-
hour and IS-minute performance at Jack Murphy 

Stadium on Monday night (Ihe band's first appear-
ance in San Diego in 13 years), and old age has nothing 

to do it Rather, because the Siones music has changed 
50 little OYer the years, it's hard to get excited when 

Jager siDp yet another song aboul tbe perils and plea-
IUJ'eI of liviDa a ~k 'D' roll lifestyle. Alone time, the 

Stones' sexually dwged IOIlp were controversial, and tbe 
JI'OUp was often bumed from playing certain U.S. cities in 
the mid-'70s. 

Now, however, the StoDel are hardly controversial, evln 
See .1O.,D, pep H4 



HIATUS 2 

CONCERT PREVIEW 
-

Me 900 Ft Jesus 
Texas musicians popularity 

continues to rise 
By Jeff N ..... 
Hiatus Editor 

The musical career of MC 900 Ft. 
Jesus (Mark Griffin) has quickly 
gathered steam over the last four 
years. Beginning as a record-store 
lackey, Griffin released a self-pro-
duced album in 1990 and has just put 
out his major label debut, One Step 
Ahead of the Spider. The video for 
Spider's first single "If I only Had a 
Brain" was a minor hit on MTV. 

Now, Griffin has taken an eight-
piece band with him on a national 
tour and will open for the Cranber-
ries on their tour next month. During 
a recent phone interview, Griffin 
spoke about his ascension from be-
ing a record store clerk, the origins of 
his goofball moniker and the influ-
ence of Beat poets like William 
Burroughs. 
.. .,S n: Could,. tIIIk ..... 
....... 110.,.. ... "..WOIk-
..... _ .. d.p •• d ... .,.... 
reoord .... to reoD .. II r-
...... , 

Jesus: I'd always been a musi-
cian, but I was working at this store 
to basically pay the rent. It was a 
really good store, and we'd get in 30-
50 new titles every week, and after 
eight years or so of bitching about 
how everything sucks, I finally real-

ized I could make a better record. I 
saved up a bunch of money and 
bought myself a sampler. I realized 
that one guy sitting in a bedroom 
with a beatbox can make a record. 

So I did, and we distributed it 
through guys who we bought records 
from. I think people liked it. My 
thought was that I could make enough 
money back to finance another one. 
Some copies started circulating to 
record labels and I found myself 
with a record deal. I wasn't pursuing 
it; it just came along. 

It was weird because you get a 
record deal and you're expected to 
go on the road. I had never even done 
a live show. All of a sudden I had to 
start doing shows, and I got a se-
quencer and went out on the road. 
Now I have a huge group on the road. 
I,... JOII tDoIltlle_1OG 
rt..-- ......... I C-
t ........ llat Or.1 ..... ,.. 
...... Are ,.. eIIl ......., ..... 
.... tIIIe, 

At one point Oral Roberts said a 
900 foot Jesus appeared to him and 
told him not to worry about his money 
problems. It still kind of makes me 
chuckle. It's so long and ungainly, 
but I still like it. 
YCMI .... __ ... tl'llp"C 
Inca·.C .............. " ... 

TIae UCSD Guardiaa Thunday, 0et0Iter ZO, 19M 

CouItIIy of AMIIIIA I'nIIn 
Me 800 Ft. ...................... 1.08 ...... with .......... he pilip _-.......,. 
,-__ ._.1". , 

I actually have a degree in trum-
pet performance and started work-
iDg on a master's degree in music 
theory. but I never finished. A lot of 
that knowledge I use, particularly 
now when I am trying to tell eight 
players what to do OD their various 
parts. It took me a Jong time to get 
out of that [music theory] miodset, 
and get info the mindset of doing 
some underground, weirdo thing. It 
wu a JoDI and winding path that led 
me to this. 

This COUDtry it full of people 
teaching at universities who write 
mlllic that followa IOIDC tradition. 

WHO: Me 900 Ft. Jesus 
WIIIII: Sun .• Oct. 23 
~TheCasbah 
1ICKIJS: $8.50 In advance 
.... 232-4355 

Although I am a bu,o traditionalist 
myself, if you don't take that tradi-
tion and make something new out of 
it, DO ODe it going to remember you. 
You tead to remember the people 
who oome up with weird things. 
DIll ,. rlf .... .., ... 1 lac 
.... ,' .... "..., 

NoDe. I just read a Jot as a kid. I 
don't read u much now because I 

have such a weird schedule. I only 
write when I have to. I am bighly 
motivated not to lapse into clicb6s. 
One of my paranoiu wu that I would 
just repeat ideas everyone else has 
floating around. 
Do,..n .. ld.rr-•••• ,.. 
......, 

Not really. Only in my extremely 
broad definition of the term. Even on 
the first album, when there were more 
tunes that were rap-orieDted, it waS 
my own Pee-Wee Herman take on 
rap. I wasn't trying to be seriously 
taken u a rap artist. It'slOmetbing I 
love and listen to a lot, but I wu 

See JESUS, pace H5 

Thundey, Oetober 20,1994 

lH1S\\'lJK 
to d iY 

The late Brandon Lee stars in the 
n. Crow. The film sbows at 6:30, 
9 and 11:30 p.m. at the Price Center 
Theatre. Tickets are $1 in advance, 
$2 day of the show.lnfo: 534-4399. 

Korn will play with Ghoulspoon 
at 8:30 p.m. at Dream Street in Pa-
cific Beach. Tickets are $7. Info: 
222-8131. 

friday 
The Committee For World Democ-
racy will screen n.. IOu of the 
SpIder W ..... , starring William 
Hun and Raul Julia. at 7 p.m. in Solis 
Hall 107. Admission is free. 

Gladys "Bobi" Cespedes and 
Guillermo "Guille" Cespedes will 
play Cuban music with the 12-man 
ensemble "ConjunIoc. ....... " 
at 8 p.m. at the Price Center Ball-
room. Tickets for students are $10 . 
Info: 534-4090. 

Violinist J ..... Ne., .. , will 
honor pianist Howard Wells at a con-
cert at 8 p.m. at the Mandeville Re-
cital Hall. Tickets for students are 
$5. Info: 534-3229. 

New-age musician Kn.o will per-
form at 8 p.m. at tbe Spreckels The-

$26. Info: ~ TlXS. 

7 Seconda will play with F •• 
EWIftIIIy and Chrome ...... 
at 8 p.m. at SOMA. Tickets for UCSD 
students arc $5. Info: 239-SOMA. 

Writer .... Moore ~ 
will lead a discussion session and 
sign copies of her new novel Broth-
ers tutd Sisters from noon to 1 p.m. at 
the UCSD Bookstore. Admission is 
free. Info: 53<t-READ. 

saturday 
The National Theatre of the Deaf 
will present Eugene Labiche and 
Marc-Michel's farce "An It8IIIn 
Str.w H.t" at 8 p.m. at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets for 
students $14. Info: 534-4090. 

J.nb8ywill play an 18-and-upcon-
cen with Knuckle Girl at the Pub 
at 8 p.m. Tickets for students are $5 
in advance. $ 10 the day of the show. 
Info: 534-5259. 

Guitarist One EdInunds will play 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 9:15 p.m. Tickets are $16. 
Info: 481-9022. 

The Spec I-will play with Buck· 
• ..... and Let's Go IIowInI at 
8 p.m. at SOMA. Tickets are $10 in 
advance. Info: 239-SOMA. 

sunday 
Vocalist KIlty ......... and pianist 
Scatt W ....... will give a recital at 
7p.m. iD Mandeville's Erickson Hal/. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-3229. 

atre downtown. Tickets are $21 and Saxophonist....., Q. will per-

The UCSD Gual'illan 

Hbout 
form at 4 p.m. at the Open Air The-
atre. Tickets range from $ 18 to $75. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

tuesday 
n.. ShInIn& a classic Stephen 
King horror film which stars Jack 
NicholSon, shows at 8 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theatre. Tickets are 51 
in advance, $2 at the door. Info: 534-
4399. 

11Ie D ..... an English alterna-
tive group, will play with Pud-
dletown Tom and Dive Boy at 
8:30 p.m. at the Casbah. Tickets are 
$3. Info: 232-4355. 

wednesday 
Dr. Keith ....., will read from 

and sign Who Do You Thinlc You 
Are 7: The Berlceley PersofUllity Pro· 
file at 6 p.m. at the UCSD Bookstore 
as part of the bookstore's new 
"Wednesday Night Live" series. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-READ. 

A sneak preview of the film .,.. 
t.ry SdMce na.tre 3000 
will show at 8 and 10 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theatre. Admission is 
nee. Info: 534-5259. 

Til EATER 

Lamb's Players Theatr.: 
Stephen Schwartz' and Roger 
Hirson's "Pippin." a musical about 
the son of King Charlemagne, runs 
through Nov. 19. Performances are 
at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday and Thurs-
day, and at 8 p.m. Friday and Satur-
day. with 2 p.m. matinees on Satur-
day and Sunday. Tickets range from 
$18 to 523. Info: 437-0600. 

409 SniaI: Elizabeth O'Hara di-
rects Alan Ayckbourn's "Woman in 
Mind (December Bee)." Perfor-
mancesare at 8 p.m. on Thursday, at 
8 and 11 p.m. on Friday and at 8 p.m. 
on Saturday. Tickets are $5. Info: 

Theatre In Old Town: The mu-
sical "Forbidden Broadway '94" will 
run through Nov. 19. Performances 
are at 8 p.m. Wednesday through 
Friday, at 6 and 9 p.m. on Saturday. 
and at2and 7 p.m. on Sunday. Tick-
ets range from 520-525. Info: 688-
2494. 

Old Globe Th •• tre: A.R. 
Gurney's comedy "Later Life" runs 
through Oct. 30. Performances are at 
8 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. with 
matinees at 2 p.m. on Saturday and 
Sunday. Tickets range from $19 to 
$34. Info: 239-22.55 . 

s.n Diep Acton Theatre: 
Wayne Tibbetts directs Arthur 
Miller's "The Last Yankee" at the 
Garden Cabaret in Mission Hills. 
The play runs through Nov. 27. Per-
formances are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Sunday. Tickets range from 
$15-17. Info: 268-4494. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLERIES 

Museum of Photo,r.phic 
Arts: "WIGS: An Installation by 
Lorna Simpson" will be on display 
through Oct. 30. Simpson, an artist 
from Brooklyn. NY, has mounted a 
variety of wigs on felt. Gallery hours 
are IOa.m.t05 p.m. Monday through 
Sunday. Admission is $3. Info: 238-
7559. 

Grove ca.1Iery: "Neon 111," on 
display through Nov. 5, features some 
of the works of the country's top 
neon artists. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 
2 p.m. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2021. 

Porter R ...... I Gallery: "The 
Poetry Series," an exhibit of draw-
ings by Jose Bedia based on the 
poems of UCSD Professor of Litera-
ture Quincy Troupe, runs through 
Nov. 12. Bedia was born in Cuba and 
recently moved to the United States 
after living in Mexico. Gallery hours 
are Tuesday through Saturday from 
noon to 5 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 55\-8884. 

UniYersity Art G.Iery: "Ap-
paritions by Vital Signs" runs through 
Oct. 30. The collaborative, interac-
tive vinual reality exhibit, which al-
lows viewers to log on to the Internet, 
was directed by Sheldon Brown. a 
professor of Visual Arts at UCSD 
and is pan of the binational "inSITE 
'94" exhibit. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Sunday from noon to 5 
p.m. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2864. 

-CeJe.tw IDuakl. .. elUr'werNlw •• 
__ .til ... ... Lf\,e ....... -.wlt 
___ , La '&ald_ CJ.naIde 

N awm1.er II· Frio., • 8:00 p.lI\. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

81. '10 • Sr. CII. 'Ia • G.A.. '1. 
1JC8D"Box OEEb: ft. '~J &G 7iiCiC.r.~ 

---, ..... ,-~ 
- ,-.-.._-e1l ___ TI.e 

J'I el.1ed .w Ihe ---
..... _1JaI~ Eva!. OERce .100 8aa Dlet-_ .. 



HIATUS 4 

STONES: Band 
makes poor use of 
pyrotechnics 
COntinued from ,... H1 
though Jagger still worked erotic 
elements into songs like "Sparks 
Will Fly," "I Go Wild" "Start Me 
Up," "Honky Tonk Women" and 
"You Got Me Rockin· ... Even 
though the new single "Love is 
Strong" compared favorably with 
older tracks, it basically rehashed 
the theme of sexual arousal. While 
Jagger's forte was translatingsexual 
energy through grinding his hips 
and writhing his body, the repetitive 
nature of these songs made them 
redundant. 

The other main theme, sexual 

abandonmcat, wu reflecled in sonp 
such u "Shattered," "Out of Tears" 
and "Heartbreaker." 

Jagger fluctuated between two 
emotions: He was either aroused or 
feeling hurt. With the exception of 
"Satisfaction," one of the few songs 
in which he related feelings of gen-
eral malaise, his emotions didn't 
vary much. 

Experts at playing large venues, 
the Stones did an admirable job of 
tumingJack Murphy Stadium into a 
fairly intimate site. The stage, which 
sprawled several hundred feet across 
the stadium field, wasequipped with 
steel wings from which Jagger, 
Richards and guitarist Ron Wood 
could beckon tothe audience. Jagger 
constantly ran across the stage, and 
his manic antics were rousing 

The UCSD Guardian 

throughout the entire concert. 
Althouah the ... wu illlpRa-

sive, the liptina and pyrotechnic:a 
were used in a particularly banaJ 
way. SeninaotJfireworksattbeend 
of "Jumpin' JlCk Flash" and f1uh-
ing, sparkling lights during "Sparks 
Will Fly" was an inane way to high-
light the !nco. The intlatable fig-
ures that popped up during "Sympa-
thy for the Devil" trivialized one of 
the Stones' better songs and took 
the air out of one of their few oppor-
tunities to create a provocative 
mood. 

A large screen television enabled 
viewers to see close-ups of the band 
as it performed, but for the most 
part, the video images were not very 
ir.aginative. An exception was the 
computer-generated graphics of 

FIND 
Roo.uta 

TIdIea 
c.n 
BIlla 
DeaII 

MONDAY Reatals 
NOVEMBER 18 StenoI SurtIJouds 8PM AatoRepalr 
MONTEZUMA SaIet 

HALL Jobi 
eomputen 
aad.,re III 
........ -
upstairs In the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Storv. 

tonguea with cac:tus-like spikes 
shown during "Mig You." But 
1Il0stly, shots of band lIlelllben 
would be oclipsed by lIleaningleu 
artsy tcchniquea, and on "Honky 
Tonk Women," images of women 
in bikinis tlashedgratuitously across 
the screen. 

Despite the shortcoming of their 
IIlIterial, the Stones showed they 
an still play well as a band. Al-
though Richards, Jagger and Wood 
have each tried to start solo areers, 
they have never lived up to their 
status in the Stones. 

When Jagger stepped aside and 
Richards took over lead vocals on 
two songs, you could almost feel the 
energy wane in the stadium. Al-
though his singing has improwd 
over the years, Richards just doesn't 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 8.5" x 11" • 20# white 
I self serve 

Thunda,. 0et0Ler 10. 19M 

have the c:IwisIna needed to c:apti-
vale a I.,. audience. New bauist 
Darryl Jones worked weD with the 
aroup, often joining Richards and 
Wood for grueling jams. 

The Stones lour, which includes 
a stop at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, 
CA, tomorrow and concludes on 
Dec. 18, in Vancouver,Canada, has 
already surpassed the revenues 
earned by Pink Floyd's recent, 
record-setting live pedormances. 

Money aside. one has to wonder 
about the relevance of the Stones' 
music in the '90s. The Stones them-
selves turned the phrase "It's only 
rock 'n' roll, but I like it" into a 
popular hit, yet their pedormance 
Monday night exposed the limits of 
their upbeat but meaningless rock 
music. 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS! 
Trade ",. ONE 
6 CilS"'f't tt:.~ 
or 2 CD 5 FREE CD* 
and get 

'on ,tppr,l"d 
""H) Itrnd • Thou"'dlHh or CO ... III .."to().. 

~ 
~ ~-:-:: MusIC TRADER 
~ 70~·~ MII,lfl',lr f../(j 

~ ~~~~,~~,69 
3112 Mill",,, 223-7777 

lOH4 Go,"". PaClf,c B,·.lch 272·2274 
1,663 [I C.lIOn Blld " 462-2274 

-147 81O.lrt .. ") EI C,lj"" 444-2274 
~nl. [ C.ln.,·,o R •• II '110 439·4433 
.11>1 Bro.ld" ,,, Chid .. \", .. 585-3472 

r------------------------------------------------------------------, 

, 
• 

, 

.. 

I / 
,.-

.. 

Go to a FREE screening of a ! brand -spanking new episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, 
$ 

the T.V. show that culS cheesy tI<-"~.r movies to pieces. Stranded in space, a guy and two robots sit through 
0 .... 

really bad mOVies and make wisecracks. See it now before it spoils. 

WEDNESDAY. OaOBER 26 AT 8:00 & 10:00 PM 
THE PRICE CENTER THEATER 
THE FIRST Flm PEOPLE TO ARRIVE ALSO GET FREE T-SHIRTS 
SPONSORED BY RSUCSD 

I Tht\t" gu,\ pc).d for 'I J 

INTEIMEW 
,,"11 n. 

VAMPIRE 

L __________________________ -~-------------------------____________ ~ 

nunda.,. Oet.oher 2O,19M 
-

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

CONCERT PREVIEW ALBUM REVIEW 

Jambay Consolidated Business of Punishment 
FOrTMr UCSD students return/or pub concert 

Every year a 
new politically-
minded hard 
rock act seems to 
emerge. Rage 
Against the Ma-
chine combined 
hard rock and 
radical politics 
on its debut re-
leased last year. 
Now, Consoli-
dated is creating 

&AI ......... .. 

swer for the 
Dancer," how-
ever, Consoli-
dated turns its 
ability to ana-
lyze social 
problems upon 
itself with lines 
like "I'm al-
ready feeling 
like Mr. guilty 
white liberal." 
The group's 

By .... fItI.GIrMI 
Guatrllan Repotter 

Like its music, Jambay 's name is 
intriguing and mysterious. Many 
who have seen Jalllbay (or its acous-
tic alter ego, The Lazy Porch Dogs) 
play live, find ita hard habit to kick. 

"JllIlbay is a word that we made 
up ... it describes what we are," said 
drulllmer Matt Butler. "Mike, the 
bassist, is from New Orleans and 
one night we were making 
jumbalaya, a Cajun dish that you 
throw everything into but the kitchen 
sink. We started talking about how 
jumbalaya was kind of like our mu-
sic, uninhibited, drawing from a 
wide range of inspirations." 

In addition tfButler,Jambay also 
includes bassist Mike Sugar, guitar-
ist Chris Haugen and guitarist Shelly 
Ooty. All four band members are 
excellent vocalists, but their em-
phasis is on instrumental music, 
which they callan eclectic, impro-
visational style. 

Although the band moved to Se-
attle two years ago, Jambay origi-
nated in San Diego when Butler met 
Sugar and Ooty while attending 
UCSD in 1989. Friend Haugen, who 
was attending the University of 
Washington at the time, joined the 
group in San Diego. 

"We started jamming at HSS 
[Humanities and Social Sciences 

WHO: Jambay, Knuckle Girl 
- WIIIN: Sat., Oct. 22 
-= The UCSD Pub 
1ICICITS: $5 in advance 
_PO: 534-5259 

Building) 2250," Butler remem-
bered, laughing. "We played a lot of 
gigs around at the Che Cafe, UCSD 
Pub and local parties." Jambay was 
also popular at Winston's in Pacific 
Beach. The band shared a libuse in 
Hillcrest for awhile, attending 
UCSD and traveling from concert 
to concert during the summer. 

"Our second summer together 
we went on the road up and down 
the coast playing street music - a 
lot of acoustic stuff - and meeting 
people." After the second suinmer 
on the road, Jambay moved to Se-
attle. 

Throughout the group's two-year 
residence in Seattle, Jambay has re-
lentlessly toured the West Coast and 
Rocky Mountain states. The band 
recently played to enthusiastic au-
diences at the Filmore Auditorium 
in San Francisco, LagunaSeca Daze 
in Monterey, CA, and Willamette 
Valley Folk Festival in Eugene, OR. 

It also appeared with Blues Trav-
eler and Sheryl Crow at the 
H.O.R.D.E. (Horizons of Rock De-

veloping Everywhere) festival at 
Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre and 
at Seattle's Bumbersboot festival. 

Jambay has opened for a ~nge of 
. bands, including Phish, Blind 

Melon, the Posies, Merle Saunders, 
the Allman Brothers and 
Yellowman.ln addition, band mem-
bers have jammed on stage with 
influential blues guitarist J.J. Cale, 
members of Camper Van Beethoven, 
the New Bohemians, Zero and Left- . 
over Salmon. 

Jambay also recently completed 
work on the soundtrack for an inde-
pendent film entitled First Days on 
Earth and is currently producing a 
live compilation called Live In The 
Northwest. 

"Their act takes them from rock 
to jazz to a vante garde to who knows 
what and back again," states a re-
cent article in the San Francisco 
Examiner. Jambay has been de-
scribed as "arty and fun" and "play-
fully progressive," but its music is 
more like jazz-spiced progressive 
rock. 

Fresh off a tour with Ken Kesey, 
the author of One Flew Over the 
Cuc/wo 's Nest, and an appearance 
with The Merry Pranksters in 
Kesey's "ritual reality" play entitled 
"Twister," Jambay is, in the words 
of the Kesey himself, "going no-
where but up." 

a stir with its rap-influenced music 
and political views. 

Almost all of the tunes on Busi-
ness of Punishment deal with vio-
lence. On songs such as the title 
track, the band takes a simplistic 
view toward evil and social prob-
lems, and sounds preachy and mor-
alistic. On songs such as "No An-

JESUS: Singer's 
cynicism comes out 
Continued from ..... H2 
never really interested in trying-to 
pass myself off as a rapper. I always 
knew I would be really bad if ( tried 
to do that. 
1he new ...... m IOU ..... Ilk. 
bMt poetry. W .... tile a..t 
.................. ., 

Yeah. I realized it [writing Beat 

pro-choice "Born of a Woman" is 
also a strong track. These moments 
add a degree of sophistication to 
Consolidated's politics. 

Consolidated will open for MC 
900 FI. Jesus at the Casbah on Sun-
day. For more information, call 232-
4355. 

--Jeff N .... I 

poetry] was something I could do 
pretty well, and I just decided to go 
for it. I don ' t know if there is a huge 
audience for it, but I thou~tl would 
just try to work through it [the writ-
ing]. 1 always listen to and read a lot 
of William Burroughs. 
AI. rou , .. lIr .. cpial .. 
you IOU"" on the ..... m? 

Pretty much. I'm not psyc~otic 
or obsessed or anything, but I defi-
nitely have a cynical sense of hu-
mor. 

NATIVE AMERICAN MUSIC Be DANCE 

NOVEMBER) 
THURIDAY. 8PM 
UCID's MANDEVILLE 
AUDITOIIUM 
G.A. 116 • .T. III 
II. (IT. 114 

&KID lox OFFICI 
§U-U61 

• 



... 

r 

HIATUS 6 The UCSD Guardiaa 

------------------- - - --

A CRITICALLY ACCLAIMED PORTRAIT OF TWO MEN WHO HELPED TO 
REVOLUTIONIZE LIFE, AS WELL AS ART, IN THE 20TH CENTURY 

NA knowing and indispensable exploration of the lives and work of the 
composer John Cage and the choreographer Merce Cunningham. " 

- )emil. 0unnitra N. Y. rrnes Critics CIroice 

CAGEI 
CUNNINGHAM 

A FILM BY ELLIOT CAPLAN 
Special Guest Speaker: Elliot Coplon 
OcrOBER 30 • SUNDAY • 'PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. S 10 • STUDENTS S5 • FAclSTAFF IS •• err. S8 

UeSD Box OFFKE • 534-6467 
PlESENTED IY ooD', UN'VEIS'TY EVENTS OFFICE, 

DE,T. 01 rHEArlE, MUSK DE,t ,. VISUAL AITS DEn. 

Thunday. October 20. 1994 

ALBUM 
REVIEW 

Jesus Uzard 
Down 

, ......... ..... 

The opening track of Dowrt, Jesus 
Lizard's follow-up to its live album 
Show, catches the Lizard at its best. 
"Fly on the Wall" brims with fero-
cious bus, pulsing drums, swarm-
ing guitars and, beneath it an, vocal-
ist David Yow's suffocated voice. 
Groove-heavy tracks like "Fly on 
the Wall" are the Lizard's bread and 
butter. 

Other songs that utilize this slow 
tempo are" American BB" and "The 
Associate. "The latter song seems to 
rise with enough power to rip speak-
ers apart as Yow!his tortured voice 
sounds like his last name) howls 
"The best place for you is thel hell 
out of my sight" while audibly hack-
ing up phlegm betleen verses. 

On other tunes, the band 
switches into a higher gear which is 
not as intriguing or unique. With 
this faster pace, the band's potent 
rhythm section, comprised of Mac 
McNeilly on drums and David Sims 
on bass, is diffused, and Duane 
Denison's guitars take on a bother-
some, jangling sound. 

Till' ,,"orld ... 1.11..;(· ... 1 ... lud, · ,,1 ,\I,d \,,"Ih Ir ,""1 or ..;, ,,,,,,,I,,,,, 

On these more up-tempo songs, 
Yow's voice becomes even more 
frenetic and lost in the confusion. 
One exception is "Destroy Before 
Handling," which is not nearly as 
muddled as some of the other "fast" 
tracks. 

Del Mar Satellite Wagering and 92.5 
FM The Flash cordially challenge you 
to the most outrageous Saturday you'll 
ever have in San Diego. 

It's Beer, Bets and Bali at beautiful 
Del Mar Satellite Wagering 
Saturday, October 22. . 

Show your college ID and you're in 
free. The Miller®Lite Ice Girls will be 
there and there'll be $1.50 beers and 
burgers, $1 dogs and sodas, and 
special deals on Margaritas just for 
you. 

800-777-0112 srJj STA TRAVEL 

We've got a guy who'll show you how to 
handicap the horses (that's like using a 

. crib sheet) so when you lay down a bet, 
you got a good chance to win. The 
horse racing action is live via Satellite 
from Oak Tree at Santa Anita. First post 
is 1 p.m. 

The Flash Radio will be there doing their 
kind of thing. And you can register to win 
a trip to Bali. For you non-geography 
-type majors out there that's like between 
Singapore and Australia. 

m 
=-l1li lIP =-: 

Sat~/Jiu Warring 

It's a seven-day trip for two, including 
round-trip airfare from LAX and 
accommodations. 

Who knows? Maybe you'll be in Bali 
for spring break. Life could be a lot 
worse. 

So close the books, grab some 
friends, bring your 10 and make tracks 
to Del Mar for Beer, Beta and Ball, 
Saturday. October 22. Doors open at 
11 a.m. and the party starts at 11 :30. 
Be there! 

~ ,..,.,.lndfJI .... 
TN' All"'''' 0' 'NDONIJ/A 

Del Mar Satellite Wagering and 92.5 FM The Flash urge you to drink responsibly. 
Del Mar Satellite Wagering 1-5 at Via De La Valle 


