
ELSEWHERE 

UCR Gets .10M for 
Air Pollution Testln. 
RIVERSIDE - UC River-
side received $10 million 
from the Ford Motor Com-
pany to research techniques 
in air pollution reduction. The 
donation will fund research to 
reduce vehicle emissions, 
develop alterna'tive-fueled 
vehicles, create intelligent 
highway systems and study 
transportation modeling. The 
research facility employees 
80 people, but will grow to 
100 by the end of the year. 
The $10 million dollar 
contribution is the third multi-
million dollar endowment 
made to UCR in the last year. 

UCD Charged with 
Animal Mishandling 
DA VIS - UC lawyers are 
trying to fight off a temporary 
injunction against the use of 
animals in a Davis research 
facility. The West Davis 
Community Association 
charged that the South Davis 
Center for Neuroscience 
pursued illegal and hazardous 
policies. Evidence was 
presented before Judge 
Thomas Warriner of Yolo 
County Unified Court Sept. 
29. As of yet, there is no 
verdict. Currently, the center 
is studying four monkeys and 
two cats for cognitive 
learning ability. 

UCLA Students Have 
More Pocket Money 
LOS ANGELES - The 
stereotype of the starving 
student does not apply to 
most UCLA students accord-
ing to a 1992 California 
Research Study. The study 
found that UCLA students 
have a monthly disposable 
income double that of the 
national average. On average, 
UCLA students have $317 in 
discretionary funds per 
month, and four percent of 
the students have over $1,000 
per month. The national 
average is $150 per month. 

INSIDE 

BORDER 
OPINION: Will 
Proposition 187 sink or 
save California? 4 

IPORTI: Men's water 
polo loses to eighth-
ranked Irvine, 6-5. 20 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ............................ 2 
OPINION .................................. " 
UGIITS & SIRENS ..................... 7 
ARENA ...... .............................. II 
CLASSIFIEDS ........................... 16' 
SPORTS ................................... 20 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1994 VOLUME 83 , ISSUE 6 

Internet Access Focus of Conference 
DATA: Accessibility a 
major issue as 'Net' 
continues to expand 
By Ivan Delv8nthal 
Staff Writer 

The Computer Professionals for 
Social Responsibility (CPSR), an 
organization dedicated to under-
standing the impact of computers on 
society, held its annual meeting last 
weekend at UCSD. 

This year's convention focused 
on the issue of accessibility to the 
National Information Infrastructure 
(Nil), which participants addressed 
as a major problem facing the 
Internet community. 

In an attempt to represent a vari-
ety of perspectives, organizers of 
the two-day forum invited two dozen 
computer professionals from a num-
ber of fields, including medicine, 
law, science and communications. 

The conference's keyn ote 

speaker, UCSD Assistant Professor 
of Communications Fran~ois Bar, 
discussed accessibility as the key 
for a thriving "Information Super-
highway." 

"The success of the Internet is 
based on the interaction of a vast 
multitude of users," Bar said. " It is 
critical that there be universal ac-
cess to the Internet. More people 
must become involved in its evolu-
tion because they all have some-
th ing to contribute," Bar added. 

Approximately 150 spectators, 
most of them computer profession-
als, attended a panel discussion 
about the various social, techno-
logical and institutional meaning 
entailed in the concept of "access." 

Larry Shaw, a panel member 
with a background in physics and 
has worked at the Exploratorium in 
San Franci co for 20 years, di -
cus ed the importance of proper 
training when dealing with prob-

See INTERNET, Page 7 

Record Nuntber 
Of Groups Turn 
Out ForFFOG 
FESTIVAL: The sun shined bright on 
a FFOGgy day for organizers 
By Elizabeth MKkenzte 
Staff Writer 

The 11 th annual Fall Festival on the Green (FFOG) 
brought 139 organizations and over 5,000 students to the 
Sun God lawn Friday afternoon. 

From the chess club to cheerleaders, the event gave 
student organizations an opportunity to showcase their 
clubs and recruit new members, said Yolanda Garcia, the 
director of Student Organizations and Leadership 
(S.O.L.O.), who organized the festival. 

Heidi Muzhik/Gua/l1ian 
Paul Painter of BIKumith Union lets hi. aoullooae at FFOQ la.t Friday 

"We organize this event for student organizations to 
recruit new members and to show students what they are 
about and what they do," said S.O.L.O. advisor Marcia 
Strong. "It also serves as a vendor preview to give the 
student organizations a chance to look at prospective 

(above). Vendors entice buye,. with mobile nih war .. (above rleht). See FFOG, Page 7 

Ex-CBS News President Talks About Problems With Politics 
COLLOQIUM: Sauter the media. tion with lurid and scandalous sto- said. 
envisions Internet as Sauter, who also served as presi- ries in the news alienates viewers In his view, the media is a multi-dent of CBS Sports and Fox News, from news and politics. In addition, tiered loom which collects and 
arena for political said that television has distorted Sauter said the public often per- weaves information into something 
participation politics to the point that audiences ceives those in the media either as viewers can understand, and a well-have lost interest, and he looks to liberal, self-important celebrities informed society is dependent on 
By Elaine Camuao the "Information Superhighway" as with their own set agendas or as the publ ic extracting the right strings 
Senior Staff Writer a more participatory political arena puppets of the government, who from the loom. Sauter said that this 

Van Gordon Sauter, former presi- for the future. disseminate misleading informa- is much more difficult to accom-
dent of CBS news and husband of Sauter said that while the media tion. plish now because television is the 
Gubernatorial Candidate Kathleen is given a large amount of credibil- "There is a challenge in front of dominant source of news and infor-
Brown, spoke to students and fac- ity, changes in the craft of journal- the news media today, and I think it mation. 
ulty last Thursday, sharing his ideas ism are causing the public to doubt is one [who e) resolution will hav~ "Televi ion i iII- uited to be the 
about the evolution of politics and it. Sensationalism and preoccupa- a large impact on society, n Sauter See SAUTER, Page 9 

COLOR USED 



2 NEWS 

Scientists Go Out on 
A Limb for DNA 
CHIMPS: Researchers use new technique, extract 
DNA from hair, avoiding blood and tissue samples 
By Marianne Villi 
Associate News Editor 

When studying chimpanzees, do 
as the chimpanzees do, which, in the 
case of a team of UCSD biologists 
and anthropologists, meant climb-
ing trees. The group of researchers 
traveled to Africa in pursuit of ge-
net ic clues hidden in 

funding for his research, which was 
finally provided by the National 
Science Foundation and the National 
I nstitute of Health. 

Morin, Moore and several others 
then traveled to the Gombi National 
Park in Tanzania in 1991 , and stud-
ied the group of chimps made fa-

mous by re-
the hair of chimpan-
zees. 

UCSD biologists 
David Woodruff and 
Phillip Morin , along 
with anthropologist 
Jim Moore, studied 
D A strands ex-
tracted from chim-
panzee hair in an at-
tempt to learn theevo-
lutionary history and 
mati ng behavior of 
these endangered pri-
mate . 

"I had been 
working on 
the genetics of 
endangered 
species, deer 
and rhlnocerous, 
and It was 
clearly quite 
difficult to iet 
blood samples 
from these 

searcher Jane 
Goddall. " We 
used this group of 
chimpanzees be-
cause they had all 
been identified 
and studyed for so 
man y yea rs," 
Woodruff said. 

The sc ientists 
spent two months 
in Africa - the 
first month was 
spent obta ining 
perm its and paper-
work and the sec-
ond was spent re-
trieving chimpan-
zee hair. 

Each evening 
Morin and Moore 
watched the 
chimps build their 
nightly tree-top 
nests. The follow-
ing morning, the 
researchers would 
return and collect 
the hairwhic-h had 

The researchers 
u ed a new type of 
genetic research that 
does not require blood 
or ti ss ue samples 
from the animals. "I 
had been working on 
the genetics of endan-
gered species, deer 
and rhinoceros, and it 
was clearly quite dif-
fic u It to get blood 
samples from these 
animals in the wild," 
Woodruff said . '" wa 
looking fora new way 
to genotype animals 
without hurt in g 

animals In the 
Wild." been left behind. 

-David Woodruff Though some 
UCSD researcher nests were only 

eight feet off the 
them ." 

It was at thi s time that a new 
approach to genetic research was 
discovered. "Inabout 1987,a woman 
at Berkeley fou nd that you could get 
DNA from hai r," Woodruff aid. 

Woodruff and Morin we nt to 
Berkeley with samples of chimpan-
zee hair and fo und that the new 
technique worked as well as blood 
or tissue testing. 

In 1989, another key discovery 
was. made in the field of genetic 
research. "Three groups around the 
world al most simultaneousl y d iscov-
cred a new class of va riable nuclear 
gene that was easier to extract and 
much more accurate," Woodruffsaid 

Woodruff wanted to study how 
chimpanzees in the wild wcre re· 
lated to each other. "U p until this 
point, we didn't know who the fa -
thers were," hesaid. "Wecould study 
the chimp's behavior and get an 
idea of who they might be, but be-
cause female chimps do not mate 
with just one male, it was impos-
sible to prove," Woodruff added. 

With thi s goal in mind, Woo-
druff spent one year trying to obtain 

ground, others reached heights of 
over 60 feet . 

When the DNA was later ex-
tracted at the Muir Biology labora-
tories, researchers discovered that 
the male chimps of the group were 
more closely related than the fe-
males. The study supported the idea 
that kin selection accounts for the 
evolution of cooperati ve behvaior 
among male chimps. 

Researchers also discovered that 
chimpanzees, like humans, are highly 
geneticall y variable . The finding was 
especially important in relation to 
the subspecies of West African 
chimps, which researchers believe 
to be an independent species. 

This discovery could be very 
important in the conservation oflhe 
West African chimpanzee popula-
tion because, "at thi s point, the West 
African chimp is the rarest. They 
won't see another 20 years at this 
rate of poaching and hunting," Woo-
druff explained. 

Woodruffsaid, however, that the 
National Institutes of Health re-
search guidelines which treat the 

See CHIMPS, Page 9 

n.~~ls pUl)l_MOncIIIIIIICI~!lIIrC1I'e_lI&'illlllClfor1l'e_ 
~~.~ofllil_In~"""',_ h_ "'1n~wl\ll(MpomftsIon ll 
IIItd!r proI'/I)IIl<t. 0 19!11. II rwu _ . n. ~ ~ II nat .......... for 1I'e """' of 

_~atnTlle ___ in"""lIICIoIpd_",_cIo 
nat IIICHWtI\' te!m1ft11I'e 0CinIDN 01 TIll ~ ~ 1I'e ~ ~ ~ at 1I'e 
__ SMeIU. TIll ~ GuMfM~ I\InOea 10IIII iII_IiI1-I'G _ .... 1*11 Oty. 

The ucsi> 'Gu.rdi~n 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~VU.'iOl\E. T~ IIIE 
F()II. GlW4lil>! ~~ 
PA.'is "1\'1 A.ilk.I\T\()1\ 

1tl ... ~ NE£t>S! 
, \ ,. 

,~ 

~I 
L....--___ ....JI 
BRIEFLY ... 

~IIQ01S 
~ .... ~s ..... 

1011 UF'£ . t 
~~ Cft1"'m 
l» ~T 1 
*'t' -m 00 . 

~ 

MoO I\URl ~QlJGIi M{ 
11I~I£~Sl&\£ ~S. 
1M ~\C. T£RIo\S, ~ ~ 
S\J~T~\C. ~1Cl£S IW 
I. G~\l'I c:Jt S~D 011 ~ 

1,,"1\\ 1t 8E1oC'r\ . 
I 

-

SIO Professor 'Awarded Medals 
John Orcutt. a professor of geophysics at UCSD's 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography, will receive the 
1994 Maurice Ewing Medal from the United States 
Navy and the American Geophysical Union (AGU) for 
outstanding marine research. 

Orcutt will be given the award at the Annual Fall 
Meeting of the American Geophysical Union In San 
Francisco in December. 

According to AGU officials, Orcutt was chosen for 
his "significant contributions to understanding physi· 
cal, geophysical and geological processes in the 
ocean.· His research focuses on the structure of the 
earth beneath the seafloor, particularly in areas where 
the boundaries of the earth's crust create volcanic 
activity and seafloor spreading. 

Orcutt came to Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
in 1973 as a graduate student and is now the director 
of Scripps Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Phys· 
ics. 

UCSD Study Finds Key to Post· 
Hysterectomy Depression 

The depression that often follows a hysterectomy 
is not from the hysterectomy itself but from the 
simultaneous removal of both ovaries and the uterus 
according to a UCSD study. ' 

The study, which was published in the current issue 
of the Journal of Women 's Health, found that women 
who had their uteruses removed but the ovaries left 
intact were no more likely to become depressed than 
women who went through natural menopause. 

However, 50 percent more cases of depression 
were found among women who had both their uteruses 
and ovaries removed. 

The depression is probably caused by a sudden 
drop in the hormone estrogen, which is produced by 
the ovaries, said Donna Kritz-Silverstein, an epidemi· 
ologist who headed the study. 

The study involved 1,074 women from a 2(}year 
health study of 5,000 Rancho Bernardo residents . 

Guarneri Sbing Quartet to 
Perform At Mandeville 

The Guarneri String Quartet, celebrating its 30th 
season of performances , will begin the year in the 
UCSD Chamber Music Series on Fri. , Oct. 14 at 8 p.m . 
in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The Guameri Quartet is the most senior string quartet in 
the wond and still retains all of its ~inal members. 

In 1982, New York City Mayor Ed Koch presented 
the quartet with the New York City Seal of Recognition 
and in 1992, the ensemble became the only quartet to 
be given the Award of Merit from the Association of 
Performing Arts Presenters . 

Peter Dennis' Winnie the Pooh 
Performance Returns to UCSD 

America's most popular storybook bear is returning 
to UCSD. British actor Peter Dennis ' one·man dra· 
matic interpretation of selections from A.A. Miline 's 
Winnie the Pooh books , "An Hour With Pooh ... or 
more ... Bother'· will be presented for the second 
consecutive season at the Mandeville auditorium on 
Sun., Oct. 16 at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. 

Children· attending the first show are invited to 
bring their favorite teddy bears and to join a reception 
with milk and cookies during the intermission . 

Dennis received a Drama·logue award and the L.A. 
Theater Award for his performances in Los Angeles. 
Dennis also recorded an lS-part radio series of the 
·Complete Works of Winnie the Pooh,' which has been 
aired by public radio stations nationwide. The series 
was honored with the Public Broadcasting Silver Award, 
the Ohio State Achievement of Merit Award and was 
nominated for a Peabody Award. 

ANNA YAISMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

GREGG WRENN. Co-Sports Editor 
DAN KRAFT, C~Sports Editor 

TEDD LADD, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NIEIEL, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOY ZOLOTOREY, Photo Editor 
CfIUCI( NQUYIN, Assoclatf PIIoto Editor 

DOMINIC LOI8IA, Graphlc:s Editor 
JEFF lARSEN, O651,n Editor 

WARREN NO. Production "'IJIIII'*' 

DIININIIIS: Moraen Jolliffe. Brenna Latham, Plull Lee. Brian K. Hutto 
"'IIT081tA1'111111: TimOtrly Cnen. Catnenne Hlrotl. Heidi Muzhik 
COPY _: Tommy C,awfonl 
TYPIIT: Emily V.u 
AllVillTlllNO AllllTUT: TI .. EOff 
ClIICUlATION AllllTUT: Ol\lld ROdCers . CralC Slol<le 

101 ...... DeANDItEA, Business "'anllller 
MlCHAn FOULU, ~s/nf"'''''''' 
MIllE MARTINEZ, NlVenJs/nf Des/lMr 

IT£PHAN McKENZIE, CllJ5slfied Representati.-e 

Editorle1: 5~580. News/Features: 534-5226. 

DOUG ALEXANDER, Editor in Crtlef 
IlMONE MILLER, COfIY Editor 

ALEXANDER THtESEN, Nfws Editor 
MARIANNE VlGtL, Assoclatf News Editor 

-.. IT.". WIIITIIIS: EI.1ne CImUIO. Katen Chen&. Ben Freund. Jenny 
GIIant. El1k Johnson. Br1en II. Huno. Jonn. Palmer, Care Udell 

Opinion/Spotts: 534-6582, HIBtus: 534-8583 
BuslMla Offtce: 534-3466, FIX: 534-7691 

UCSD GlUlnII.n, 9500 Gilman Drive 0318, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 

IT'*' WIlIlDII: Tom Inlay. Ivan Delwnthal. John Godfrey. Rob Levinson. 
eondlce McFlI1and. Elizabeth MlCloAInzle • .Jeremly M.lamed. jennifer Nicoli . 
MI/Y Beth Se<lllCk. Din SWftMY. Knn Walsh 

::::~OIIS: Lazaruslleny. MIc/I. Croft . NIIhan EI1In. Mike Ib.". Poula Lee. Pt1ysk:. 1OCItlon: Second _. ucso s_ C4nt8f BuItdltW ''''. ,.",. 217 

Monday, October 10, 1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

UCSD Gets New Arts Dean INTERNET: speakers voiced optimism regarding the fu-ture of the Internet 
ADMINIiTHAnON: Dean 
faces challenge of budget cuts 
and understaffed department 

all departments are working properly. "We 
have to be sure that each department is offer-
ing the classes required," Deak said. 

COIlIlo, •• d from ..... 1 
lema of accessibility. 

"We can no longer consider ourselves 
constrained by geographic boundaries," 
Felsenstein said. "The definition of the word 
'community' has changed forever. It now 
stands for a group of people communicating 
on a regular basis," Felsenstein added. 

"It's not just about access," Shaw said. 

Dcak stressed his belief that "the arts di-
rectly .influence our life on campus and our 
relationship to the mmmunity," and wants to 
increase the number and visibility of arts 
events within the campus commmunity. 

"It's also about understanding the informa-
tion provided." 

ByMuM • ...., 
Starr Writer 

Several speakers refuted the concept of 
universal access, claiming that data traffic 
on the Internet is already too heavy. 

Most participants agreed that the Internet 
is a vital tool for broadening people's minds. 
Although geographic and social conditions 
may limit what people sec everyday, the 
Internet presents opportunities for discover-
ing the diversity outside physical realms, 
several participants said. 

As newly appointed dean of the Divison of 
Arts and Humanities, Frantisek Deak faces 
the challenge of budget cuts and understaffed 
departments. 

Among his ideas that Dcak would like to 
incorporate isa dean's lecture series to expose 
the UCSD and La Jolla communities to the 
work of the arts faculty. "I really want to 
create a situation to make it possible to im-
prove the intellectual and artistic atmosphere 
of the campus," Deal. said. 

"The Internet is not for. all," said Lee 
Felsenstein, senior researcher at Interval 
Research Corporation in Palo Alto. "It is a 
high stratum of communication. 

Deak, the former theater department chair, 
filled the position on July 1, following the 
departure of Stanley Chodorow, who was 
appointed provost at the University of Penn-
sylvania last June. 

As one of the four divisional deans at 
UCSD, Deak is faced with "a number of 
issues, many of which have to do, of course, 
with budget cuts to the division." One of 
Dcak's main focuses is to address the recent 
loss of faculty in the departments he over-
sees. 

Aside from overseeing and coordinating 
the three main arts departments, Dcak also 
oversees Subjcct A and mathematics testing, 
and heads most of the interdisciplinary fields 
of study, such as Chinese, Japanese and other 
cultural studies programs. 

"Rather, we should be focusing on the 
'Intranet,' a more grassroot kind of network 
giving people access to one another," 
Felsenstein added. Felsenstein is well-known 
in the computer industry for his role in 
designing several e.arly personal computer 
systems in 1975 and 1976. 

However, most of the speakers 
rearticulated the fundamental principles set 
forth by the CPSR charter that, "The success 
of the NIl (National I nformation I nfrastruc-
ture) program will depend on the extent to 
which it empowers all citizens ... and 
strengthens the democratic institutions on 
which this country was founded." 

Tbe three art departments, visual arts, the· 
atre and music, have lost ~3 faculty members 
in the last four years, and 17 faculty members 
last year. Deak said he is concerned about the 
high rate of attrition of the arts faculty. 

Dcak was born in the former Czechoslova-
kia, where he also studied theater and re-
ceived a masters in fine arls. Deak earned his 
doctorate at Carnegie-Mellon University in 
Pittsburgh and was later involved in drama 
and playwriting in New York. 

Karen Coyle, a system analyst with the 
University of California's on-line library 
system talked about her disillusion with the 
NII."As far as I'mconcerned, the Internet is 
a piece of federal vaporware .... If it isn't 
accessible, it isn't information," Coyle said. 

Founded in 1981 , Computer Profession-
als for Social Responsibility is a national, 
non-profit organization dedicated to under-
standing the impact of computers on soci-
ety. Today, CPSR has \ ,800 members and 
21 chapters across the United States. 

Despite 18 months of virtual stagnation 
since the inception of the Nil, many of the 

With the large number of budget cuts to 
many UCSD arls programs in the last few 
years, Dealt said that he needs be certain that 

In 1974, Dcak came to UCSD as an asso-
ciate professor in theatre and theatre history, 
and was eventually promoted to professor and 
chair of the dePartment. 

READ IT, RECYCLE IT. THE GUARDIAN. 

BE PREPARED 
Preparation begins with questions MHI MlSWffJ. Questions seem easy, but often cIon't get asked. 
We belim the earlier and IIIOI't often you ask questions. the sooner and better the answers. 
Who will write your letter. of recoJDDlCnciation? 

WIIO of .,.. past. CJltrHt, or ... pnftsson wiI write 711 1'K0000000llllltiHsl Do tllty bow your illfRtl 
I.tatn ~ n. dint .-as: I) AadttK Profs (Iftn 2 KiHa, I ..oe.u~ 2) Reseanh Seurw. iIId 
J) 0iIiaII0tMr,...... IItMM1rate 7IIr tMptIltKI, (I ........ ~ ... iIIUJriIr· 

Where will you get Jour clinical experience? Will it involve primary care? 
PriRI7 Cap """jet (f" IW, IIIIenIaI IW, 0WGyI. PtdiaDia, aid Gerimia) is tilt ft1 of IfUltSt 
pIIysiciaI -. .. IIIIdenenM ___ (oftttI senttI by diIia) 111ft tilt IfUIISI priay an •. 
WI 711 IItk lit "", IWII (2+ ran) IIIHiaI uperietKe ill I ciIic, HspiIaI, pnaptenIIip. ttd 

Will you do reKarch? Whoac lab? What problem. are you intercated in? 
IMnrk is .. ttMS aid....... It IIIbs • 1M ... je '" wpdd if 711 an ill I 1M widI 
pttpIe ,.. Ith, wartanc .. I pnbIell dlat ucitrs 711. Get the facuIIy Idiwicies htctarits lor !he iIIstitItitns 
JOII an inttmte4 ia. Talk to pi SIIIdetu l1li postdoa ill .ano.s Ilk k,," c ......... lIIttMI p, 
IIIHIiap or jMuI o..s if JOII aI, tl SH .'s .. _ MIl .. 711 -COIIKI" will 

How will you keep your grade. up? How doci each of your professors grade? 
What dtes 7IIr ".ftssor stress .. IIisIher mill Tot? ltctunl An 711 'ia die cgem (TA 010 hn) 
t. min tilt tutldo citra proWetIsl Do 711 lint lid ItSIS .. practia widtl .. is ,., IIUdy pIIIl 

Wllo will prep you for the April MeAT? When will you begin? 
llastfrina tilt ApriIItCAT requires '-tKJ ill. tilt .. -....aI CIIICtpIS of 'nt-year physics. biD, cenenI chuI. 
.. I pel ileal of arpM. How .. l1li it ... _ 711 .. dIese Cllntsl An then ..., r...p spobl 
WIIat coune wiI eM JOII tilt WI pnpIFIIiNl Cal ... ., CIIIIpIR. Ow jetcMt 15 IIHti. 12 !Uk 
COlIn, belins IIIUIl 11*. bat 711 (III at miewiIg widI our HolM Prep Pack Octolltr Jist 

Be Prepared. Enrolling D2W for Apr '95 
MeAT Preparation. 

Come vIIIt uti 
Mon-FrI, 1oam-2pm 
U Village Prof Ctr, '1131 

Early DllCount 
ends Oct. 31 

455-1000 800 MD-BOUND 
..L:1U •• _~_/~_--~-... 
~ /C711 VLJIfl:'I ·'IfI:'c:l1 ., III Ii-I 
J== Ir. UCI~~: ...I'niJrn'IJIE'lDfJEfIDllSAIIlI'THE'I'IlT.-;;;I c===~ ~--~ 

EXP~NDED 
C-'IIII-.,.. ...... VEIILtAC --E 

The C3uClrdiCin nc:>VV' c:c:>V'etrs 

HlrrCRESl K~RNY MESA n.lOMA 

Now ENROlliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

ServIng the UCSD .".-medlcal community alnee 1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FlITURE * 
·INTENSIYE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 

admissions assistance are all we do! 
• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-Irained 

academic M.D.'s, lop M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINATOR. not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
.&3 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, readinJVwriting workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions strategies, & tUloring. 

• 2000 PAGES of originall8ke-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MCAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MeAT TFSDNG for in-class & take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 
• DITQBlNG, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS atlhe UCSD School of Medicine 
• WWEB TUmON than other courses. 

1~~I;u]"Un~'D 456·8488 
V tlil' most Ii()u/'\ 
V tlil' hn{ ill\lrllcto/'\ 
V t Ii l' hnl 111([1 c ria 1\ 
V tlie hnt locution 
vIlli ' hnt rnllll\ 
V tlil' Irnrnt co,1 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 



'. 

4 OPINION TIle UCSD Guardiaa IIo ..... J, October 10, 19M 

Commentaries: Is Proposition 187 Califomias answer to illegal immigration? 
• 

Taxes should be spent on U.S. citizens 
By Anna V.lam.n 
Opinion Editor 

The government is finally focusing its atten-
tion on the ever-increasing flood of illegal im-
migrants into the United States. 

Proposition 187, the "Save Our State" initia-
tive which would revise current immigration 

laws, would exclude undocumented immigrants 
from publicly funded social services, health 
care and education. 

Opponents of Proposition 187 claim it is 
unnecessary to exclude undocumented immi-
grants from public social services, such IS wel-
fare, because they are already excluded 
from the vast majority of 
them. However, this 

Although Proposition 187 is important for 
all states on the U.S.-Mexican border, it is 
especially crucial for CUfomia. Acx:ording to 
the Immigration Naturalization Service (INS), 
as of 1992, nearly 50 percent of the 3.4 million \:~~1::::i~::::t ___ ~illegal immigrants in the United States reside 

, in California. 

SeeAUENS, 
Page 5 

HOW THEY DlVlDION PROP. 117 
A bruIcdown by party ahCMI 
how Democrllta 8nd 
R.publlcMe .... IIbout the 
....... 

DEMOCRATS 

Below Is ...... kdown of the 
ptOpOIItIon'. eupport by 
nICe. 

PROP. 187 AI A GLANCI; 
• Anyone who manufactures, dlstrtbutes or setls false 

citizenship or resident alien documents would be 
guilty of a felony. 

• Anyone who ute. _ .... 
alien doc:uInerU 

• All lew enforcement lICencies In C811fom1. would be 
required to futly cooperate with INS, reprol,. the 
arrest or suspicion of anyone vtoIatI"lledenIi 
ImmIjptIon lews. 

• Undocl.mIntId public IOCI8I 

Measure 
divisive, 

mean-spirited 
By DouI Alex'" 
Senior Staff Writer 

1be vole's in: Our esteemed governor, Pete 
Wilson, bas officially been declared a persotlll 
notI grills in Tijuana. Angered by Wilson's 
cynicalcampaignagainst"iIIegals,"theTijuana 
City Counci~ backed by an amy of business, 
church and activist leaders, passed a resolution 
last Thursday declaring that California's highcst 
official is" no longer welcome in its city. Though 
Wilson won't be greeted by gun-toting police 
and deported back to the United States if he hops 
the Iron Curtain, he won't be greeted by parades 
or smiling officials, either. 

The resolution, symbolic though it may be, 
should serve as a waite-up call to Ca1ifor-

nians.Itnotonly ref1ccts achasm between 
Gov. Wilson and the Tijuana elite, but 

reemerging tensions between Mexico 
and the United States. As a casual 
browsing of Mexican media indi-
cates, Mexicans have become in-
creasingly angry at the politics of el 
norte, commonly using terms like 
"xenophobic" and "racist" when dis-
cussing California's debate on illegal 
immigration. 

And for good reason. In the last six 
months, California's anti-illegal immi-

grant movement has become increasingly 
shrill, spawning the most Draconian lOti-

immigration measure California bas seen in a 
decade - Proposition 187, the so-called "Save 
Our State" initiative. 

Drafted by "concerned" California natives, 
who, in the words of the proposition, " ... have 
suffered and are suffering economic hardship 
caused by the presence of illegal a1iens in this 
state," Proposition 187 seeks to eliminate all 
public services, including education and health 
care, for illegal immigrants. 

Though proponents' "They're-kiUing-our-
state-and-taltiD8-our-joba" rhetoric has struck a 
nerve in many Californians, it's largely bisect on 
false uawnptiOIlB about illegal immigrants. 
Conaider the following: 

• Although an eslimated three million immi-
grants iIleplIy CI'OII the U.S. border each year, 
Jess than one in 10 permanendy settle in the 
United Stata McIIt ... day-and~na1 work-
en, who only ... y in the United StIIa for short 
periods of time. In Texas, for example, Monday 
- the beginnin& of the work week - is the 
buaieIt day for border pIbOl. 

Apocolyplic rummblinp_icIe, IDOIIIIUdia 
CltinlethatOlllybetween200,cmand300,cm 
..... ·bec:omeperlDlllllMreIidenII ... yeu. 
Of theIe, many enter leplIy, ovenIayilla dIeir 
visas. 

SeewALL, ..... e 

.......J, OetaIter 10, 19M The UCSD Guardiaa OPINION 5 

IIA1TI IS 'VOODOO FOREIGN POLICY' 
EdItor: 

In our OClCtapednD of Haiti. we 
avedod an iIIYIIioa, 10 thIt iJIIIeId of 
shooting ourway do a quaplire. we 
have nwdIed i_ a quapire with 
tlaptlym,. 

I IeCaII when IsrIeI wiIely with-
drew from Beirut after a "success· 
wbich foR:ed its soldiers to become 
policemen in an 0ClCt1pied territory it 
did not want to keep. 

We are aI80 IIddIed with Aristidc, 
on whose bebaIf we staged this mili-
tary exercise. Here are lOme points 
for the president to consider CIOIICCJ11-
ing the COIIICquena:s of this "great 
victory." 

Hitler was also democratically 
elected, but we had ample warning he 
was a tyrant. 

ArBtideon a smaller scale is in the 

ALIENS: 
ContInued from .... 4 
proposition would deny all public 
social services, not just a '"vast major-
ity," until one's citizenship bas been 
verified. 

Opponents also claim tha alleged 
illegal immigrants would not have 
the opportunity to rebut the suspicion 
that they are undocumented, before 
being cut off from their benefits. If a 
penon is a citizen or a legal resident 
of the United Stalls, then he should 
have little problem proviDg it. 

Section S of the initiative states, 
"If the penon requesting social ser-
vices is determined or suspected of 
violating federal immigration laws, 
the public entity would be required 

same c:aIegoIy - and his recorded 
speechel praising "necIt lacina" can-
not be forJOUCIL 

Remember "voodoo economics?" 
The expedition that U.S. troops and 
aid can create a demomcy in Haiti 
caD be labeled "voodoo foreign 

Iicy " po . 
Also, you cannot gauge the guer-

rilla war potential of a country by the 
weaknalaof its regular military force. 
Occupation and policill8 can be hell 
- ask the French about Algeria. 

Continued occupation without 
congressional support deprives the 
Democratic Party of a consistent po-
sitioninlimitingthewar-makingpow-
ers of the president when the real 
strategic intercs&l of the nation are in 
doubt within Congress. In effect, 
democrats are turning their backs on 

to ... notify [the] person, in writing. that 
he or she is in violation of federal 
immigrition laws and must legalize 
status or leave the United States." 

The proposal provides not only the 
opportunity to prove one's right to 
remain in the United States, but also a 
chance for illegal immigrants to legal-
ize their status. 

The idea that Proposition 187 will 
delay services to legal citizens with an 
unnecessary and time-c:onsuming veri-
fication process is also flawed. U.S. 
cltizcnsand legal residents of the United 
States should be the only people who 
receive publicly funded services, such 
IS welfare. Verification is therefore es-
sential in attaining this goal. 

Proposition 187 would also exclude 
aU undocumented immigrants from re-

READERS' 

FORUM 
1lIe~ ____ ...... lhmlls,...,.. 
AIIIMllltlIIIUIt be no bWIr 111M I/Ww fNIII/I8. 

~~..,--.... -
the ,.,., 10 edit tor /eIWIh Wtd clIrl\Y. s.ncI eN 
..,.,. to: 

The GuIIdIen 
Opjnjon ftl/lo( 

9500 GIIrNn Dr. (l3j6 
t..Jo/Ie. CA 92093<>316 

ceiving publicly funded health care, 
except in the case of an emergency. If, 
for example, an undocumented immi-
grant is dying, he will not be denied the 
necessary treatment to keep him alive. 
But if he has a cold, he can be treated in 
his own country. It is unnecessary for. 
U.S. citizens to pay for illegal immi-
grants' nasaI~ngestant pills. 

Asforundocumentedchildrenhav-
ing a right to public education, this is 
nothingbutasave-the-children-of-our-
helpless-immigrants whine of worry-
..vans, who are afraid someone might 
label them insensitive. Proposition 187 
would overturn Plyer v. Doe, a ] 982 
Supreme Court case which ruled un-
documented children deserve a public 
education. Contrary to whalopponeots 
of Proposition 187 would have the 

their lOti-war sentiments of the Viet-
nam era. 

Economic and military resources 
will be drained in along-termoccupa-
tion of Haiti - and loll of life will 
make it a national ~tion (an-
other Vietnam). Opportunists in 
Bosnia, North Korea, Iraq and Iran 
will then pm:eive our preoccupations 
have stretched us too thin to exercise 
clout. 

As to the political boost of this 
military accomplishment: victories do 
not reelect presidents. 

Operation Desert Storm did not 
save Bush. But a protracted police 
action can ruin a president - remem-
ber Vietnam began as a military ex-
periment and transformed Lyndon 
Johnson's political career from land-
slide victory to liability within his 

public believe, the Supreme Court's 
ruling on Plyer v. Doe was a mistake. 
Illegal-immigrant parents are not con-
cerned about their children's educa-
tion, but rather their children's free 
education. 

Opponents also argue that the ini-
tiative would deny intelligent chil-
dren an education. However, for each 
student who is brilliant, thousands are 
mediocre or below-average. 

The intelligence of a child is not 
what's at stake, but rather the right 
of American citizens to have their 
tax money go to where it belongs-
with other American citizens. ille-
gal immigrants are just using the 
system to their advantage - they 
break the law to get something for 
nothing. 

own party. 
So, Mr. President, remember the 

slogan "Bring the troops home" and 
do it by your own reckoning and not 
by public: protest later down the road. 

Bart)' Schwartz 

Attention Deficit 
DI ....... FI_11y Gets 
Recopltlon 
EdItor: 

May those of your readers inter-
ested in the genetically-influenced 
oorrelates of dysfunctional thought 
and behavior view David Harris's 
summary ("Stop the Noise in my 
Brain," Sept. 26) as a stimulus to 
exchange ideas and tinker in the labo· 
ratory even more. 

Kenneth S. Breman 

Proposil ion 187 recogn izes i lJega I 
aliens are draining the resources of 
California '5 already-feeble economy. 
They break the law to get into this 
country, yet they do not intend to 
become a part of it. They do, however, 
intend to get as many free services as 
they can while they are here. 

Opponents of this initiative do not 
seem to care to whom the taxpaying 
public is doling out its money. We 
need to set our priorities straight, and 
make sure we can take care of our 
own before we go on a crusade to save 
everyone who happens to step foot in 
this country. 

At a time when the United States 
is having problems sustaining its Ie· 
gal citizens, it is ridiculous to give 
public services to illegal immigrants. 

Repalra 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

'TOYOTAI Suzuki Mazda Hyunda 
IIOIIDA. \..I ..... bI .... Isuzu Acura . PL~S 

c:::I r d 

.-

11sJ~ 
To receive your free 1994 coupon booklet, open an account or make a 
125 deposit by Odober 16. VISit either Plus Card Office today, on Revelle 

Campus south of Anchorview or at the Price Center! 

Dr. John MCDONAL.D 
HouRS: Mort.-FR!' 10-6, SAT. 10-5 

$ 64 c~mplete· IoutcII & I.ooIIb 
Dally soft len.MS '*PIn 

$ 89 complete. Ia~b 
Extended eofIleneee 

·COMPlETE EXAM INCLUDES: 
- CARE KIT 
- STOCK MYPOIC LENSES 
• 3O-DAY FOLLOW' UP 

- 2 .~ 
-~LiE 

283-5858 
asaa.-lf........ _~ ..... 

~ ......... JadI"""""' ....... 
279-5858 283-5858 

&t»llent references from our SBtlsfled customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special 29(!.$55) 
I. Spark plugs 

Our tune up includes a 101 more lhan others. II 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwelt angle 10. Check undercarriage lor 
3. Conden8ers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check dutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

3S-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel-injtlclBd. Our ma;or tune up Includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Co,,,,, .... ,,,,, 
2 . ..... ..- II . S§1Imina 20. lube fIont and 28. Check and recharge 
......... 12. dwelfangle 21.Chedt&iepIenisIl" baneries. iI~ 
3 ...... _... 13. carbullllOr ~ & oil..... 211. RoIaIe tires (il needed) (/I,..... 14. air & IueI ratio 22. Chedt eIecIricaI syslem 30. Chedt tire Pf8SSUf8 
4. 11pe111 '*"" mixklre 23. Chedt lor IooIe 10 loS! 31. Lube door hinges 
&. DIIIitIuIII' paInII. 15. iSlNring boll bob 32. Chedt II holders 
• . ~ 16. WIch 204. Chedt braM& 33. Chedt cooling syslem 10 
7 Ar.... 17. bnIk8I 25. Chedt cIutdi hoees 
.: Oil.... 18. ~ brakes 28. Chedt lighta . 34. Chedt exhau$1 system 
•. a-.... n Ii. Child< 10 ..,11 exposed 27. Chedt undercamage 35. Road lesl 
10. EngiM 01 balls 101 damages 

Nolo: lor &qtIndorClltIdd 120. T'" SupI ... 1dd 130. O-2OOSX ..... ilPMtplugl. IddS3S. 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job I.r ___ .... ( .... _) 

z._ ..... 
s. CIuIdI ... 

4 .~ ..... 
5.""' ..... 1. __ 011 
1. __ 

---
... ..-.... 
.....,._-
--

Brake Job $38* Special (reg. sao) 
Front or 1Nr. 'flU job /ncIucIG: So _ enb,,1IfIIoI sysItm 
1. _ ....... _ .... ., __ 1. """"'~OIiI(W""' .. )"'" 

-- --
2. DIIIooidllfllolllulC 7. "",,",,~rCl1Or_ (~ 
3. ~ ......... ..,... sysiIm _ . iUm) 4._..,.,...... ._ .... 

Timing Belt Special $99* 
Brlnd new Pirli. AIIIIMut olr lIIecll" on IngIM •. All our wort hili 2-,llr or 

2O,OOG-mlll IImltld warranty. All prlcn Includl plrIIlnd Ilbor. 

· ... -Oyetwas 
........... "111. 

V 8008 Miramar Rd. 
.!i!! 695.1990 



6 OPINION 

LSAT • GMAT • GRE • MCAT 

1111 ......... 1111" _ .. 
This year, O\'er 30,000 studenrs wiD take our 
I.sAT. GMAT, GRE, and MCAT courses. Our 
small classes consist 01 B to 15 studcnlB 
grouped by shared lcst-taking stre~ and 
wcalmc...,.. so you11 gel plcotr or peniOnaI 
attention. We send teams 0 our hl~ly 
Irai ned inslruclOrs to eve ry test 

LliMIII5!-' admin istration to ensure lhal we have UP-Io-
cku e materials. 

.......... 

~ Our Guides to TI.e /Jest 8 ""';""88, Law, and Ak·dic.,<.l Scltno/.. no! only proil le schools. hUl also include lhe rt'SulLq of sOll1 e of Ihe lar~sl sludeRl and ~ aominislnnor surveys e\'er t.'o nduc(lxl . An d if . "ou're not rc..1d \' (or mo re classes, Am{n(.'(, li Tup /(I() IllIcm sillp., Is U1C moo;! popular ,Iluidc 
of I" kind 

Fllr nlHrc in(ormnci on nhout our (.'OlIrbCS. plc:t1:oc c:t11 us til 
(/lIKI ) 2-H.E\·IEII· Tn urdcr li ne or more of ull r book • . 
plca,c cali (o'llKI ) 7'H-1!! 10K 

_.e,:... 

.... fIII ....... -.-... 
~ 111 ... 1 111""''''.\',,''' .. ,om 
\nk" ... I."IIn .. lu ...... ",,, ~~'1I 
W,,,U W,J, \hh Imp .... . fe' , .. w. "'Hm 

'

THE 
PRfNCETON 
REVIEW 

(BOO) 2-REVIW 

SOFlWARE 
ENGINEERING INTERN 
QUALCOMM, recognized as the leading innovator in the 
development and application of wireless communications, has 
fonned a new busines unit, QUALCOMM Enterprise Software 
Technologies (QUESl). QUEST develops and l'I'IIrl<ets enterprise 
software solutions, including Eudora® by QUALCOMM electronic 
mail (e-mail) software. 
We have an exciting, nev. opportunity for a software engineering 
intern to work with the Eudora developers in our software test lab. 
You will be responsible for developing and running test scripts: 
analyzing bugs in the source: installing and exercising competing 
products in the lab. Work hours would average 10-20 hours per 
week. 
Requirements include Junior or Senior engineering students 
majoring in Computer Science. Computer Engineering or equivalent 
coursework: minimum CPA of 3.0: knowledge of MAC MPW and/or 
MSWindows operating environment: C/C++ knowledge helpful but 
not required: ability to write in AppJescript and/or Visual Basic: must 
be well organized and possess a disciplined work ethic. 
Please mail or fax resume (indicate dept. code on both envelope and 
resume) to: QUAl.,COMM, Human Resources. Dept. CDAJINT. 
6455 Lusk Blvd .. San Diego, CA 92121, fax (619) 658-2 110. Or e-mail 
in ASCII text to jobs@qua\conun.com QUALCOMM is an Equal 
Opponunity Employer. . 

Tlse UCSD Guardiu 

WAIJL: 
ContInued fnMn ..... 4 

• Moat studies CIItirMte thai ille-
gal immigrants are a net gain &0 the 
u.s. economy. Aa:ording &0 a 1990 
report by the Prwideot's CouDciI of 
Emnomic Affain 011 IepI and ille-
gal imJni&raIion. "numerous lllUdies 
suggat tbIa the Iong-nm benefits of 
immigration grady exceed any short-
run COIItI. The UASkiIled jobs taken 
by immigruds in years past have 
often complemented the skiUed jobs 
typically filled by tbe native-bom 
population, increasing employment 
and income for the population as a 
whole." 

Regardless of their lack of docu-
mentation, many illegal immigrants 
pay income tax (without filing, there-
fore foregoing tax returns), and virtu-
ally all consume U.S. goods and pay 
sales taxes. However, because thefed-
era! government absorbs most of their 
taxes while covering very few of their 
costs, undocumented immigrants do 
exact an expense on California state 
and local govemmenlS. Gov. Wilson 
claims they cost the state nearly $3 
billion annually, though most experts 
believe his arithmetic is worse than 

. faulty. 
But government costs don 't count 

the unaccountable: The state's deep 
economic dependence on cheap, eas-
ily exploitable undoeumented labor. 
~veral California industries, includ-
ing agricultural and apparel indus-
tries, are bui It 00 the baclts of illegal 
immigrants and would be hard-hit if 
they suddenly 'disappeared.' Pete 
Wilson knows this well. Before 
California's economy plummeted 
and he began his policy of zero toler-
ance, Wilson, like many business-
wise conservatives, was a gung-ho 
supporter of a free-flowing Califor-
nia border. 

o Contrary to popular opinion, cur-
rent federal and state law alJady re-
stric:t .. iJlegals" from tbe vast majority 
of public services, including food 
stamps and welfare. Although the fed-
eral government has established a 
high-tech system ofenforoement,most 
states don't bother because they've 
found it costs more than it saves. 
People migrate from Mexico and Cen-
tral America for living-wage jobs and 
political security, not "cushy" wel-
fare benefits or "world~Iass" public 
health care. 

Despite the facts, many residents 
continue to believe that illegal aliens 
are killing California, depleting its 

raoun::a and "conuptiag" its cul-
tunlltatus quo. Although aImoat ev-
eryone .... thai iUepl immigra-
tion ila problem, its mapitude bas 
been wildly exagerated and 11_ 
so have its "solutions." 

ProposiIion 187, perbIps the DICIt 
Draconian m such "lOlutions, .. is IXlt 
only wroag-helded and dangaous, 
but would COlt the scate billions of 
dollars to enfortc while doing liIde 10 
"keepthem damned ilJegals out ofour 
state." 

Most troubling. the proposition 
would attempt to deny elementary 
and secondary education to "illegal" 
children. ~rding to the proposal, 
begiMing JanJ, 199!!, each school 
district must verify the legal status of 
all newly enrolled children. By Jan. I, 
1995, the proposition tightens the 
screws: schools must verify the legal 
status of childrens ' parents or guard-
ians as well. 

Though this provision violates the 
U.S. Constitution under the 1982 Su-
preme Court ruling Plyer v. Doe, 
which recognizes undocumented 
children 's right to public education, 
proponents assert that Proposition 
187 would challenge and possibly 
topplePlyer. While it's unlikely Plyer 
would beovertumed, Proposition 187 
would guarantee a nasty and costly 
legal battle_ 

If proponents had their way, how-
ever, California's "iIIegals" would be 
thrown out of school and relegated to 
America's underclass-uneducatcd,. 
doomed to poverty and, more than 
likely th:ut not, criminal. While the 
authors of 187 claim "that they have 
suffered and are suffering personal 
injury and damage caused by theaimi-
naI oondud of iJlepl aliens," by at-
tempting to deny "iUegals" the most 
buic of skills and education they are 
only throwing gasoline onto the 
flames. 

To enforce its anli-education 
policy, the proposition would enlist 
It.IChers and administrators in its fight 
against immigrants, forcing them to 
report "iUegal" children and their par-
ents to state and federal officials, 
Whether they know it or not..by pro-
posing such a measure, these mad-u-
hell Americ::ans are tinkering with the 
mechanics of a police slate. 

Not surprisingly, such a policy is 
illegal, violating the federal Family 
Educational Rights and Privacy AI:!. 
(FERPA), which prohibits di1closure 
of virtually all information about pub-
lic school students. The adoption of 
the leIcher-u-police provision would 

Monday. October 10,1994 

pJ.le aevcnl billiondoUan offederal 
IChooI funding at risk, because it dis-
regards federal law. 

In keeping with its punitive mil-
sion,Propositioa 187 would aIsodeny 
undocumented immigranll all "non-
aneageucy" medical care. Undertbia 
especially auel and danprouI provi-
sion, undocumented citizall - in-
cIuctin& children - would be con-
demoed to live without the IDOIt buic 
heatlth services, Iurting not only its 
intended targets. but aJao the public 
which the proposition is suppoaedly 
meant 10 "save," Hone QOnsiders that 
"illegal" children would not be eli-
gible for immunization or that "ille-
gaI"women would be denied prenatal 
care, it's not diffiadt to imagine the 
horrifIC potential of Proposition 187_ 
It would, quite literally, be a public 
health disaster. 

And to ensure immigrants don't 
steal state health care, the measure 
seeks 10 break doctor-patient confi-
dentiality by mandating that doctors 
-liketeachers-report "suspected" 
illegal immigrants to the proper au-
thorities. While any doctor worth the 
paper on which her degree is printed 
would reject any such demand, it 
would nonetheless provide a power-
ful incentive for "ilIegals" to avoid 
hospitals at all costs - even in the 
worst emergency situations. 

Proposition 187 would propel us 
backward SO years, setting up an im-
migration police lUte with little COD-
cmt for "liberal" issues like mrwbtu-
tionallaw and due process. Creating. 
new, deluded definition of "reason-
able suspicion," Proposition 187 
would loosen the reigns of the Immi-
gration Naturalization Service (INS) 
and other i.nunigntion Iawenfort:erS, 
making it frighteningly easy for them 
&0 detain and anal any "suspicious-
looking," broWlHkinnod resident. 

Below the mask of civility and 
mushy liberal ta1kabout how we "just 
can't afford illepl immigrants," it's 
dear thai proponents of the melSure 
want blood. And if CalifomiaM pass 
this proposition, that's exactly what 
they'll get. But Ca1ifomianswon'tget 
a measure which will stem the tide of 
illegal immigration and they certainly 
won't get a measure which will save 
them money. At an estimated S1!! 
billion to enforce, Proposition 187 is 
an awfully high price to pay simply to 
punish "them damned iUegm." 

Though life may be nasty, brutish 
and abort. we need to remember it 
shouldn't be our responsibility to as-
sure it stays that way. 

, r-STOP 
I -RIGHT 
I HERE! I ZootII ..... te offers all UCSD students 

a 10% dUcoant (with student id). 
I Try our famous Zootwraps'" (pita stu«ed ~ches) Salads • -Rotisseried Chicken • Fresh Hot. Veggies 
I 
I 

This stuff is delicious, cheap, and good for you! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Zoots is located in the 
Costa Verde Shopping Center 

next to Blockbuster Video 
on Genesee Avenl,le. 

450-9094 L ::;.,m~~ 
.J 

Monday, October 10, 1994 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Lights & Sirens is a selection of 
entries compiled from the log book 
of the UCSD Police Department. 

SUndQ, Oct. 2 
12:40 I.M.: OffIcers detained a 28-
year-old male student fOf' being a 
danger to himself and others at the 
Mesa apartments. Transported to 
San Diego Psychiatric Hospital, 
evaluated, and transported to resi-
dence. 
6:30 a.m.: Officers arrested a 43-
year-old male non-affiliate at the 
police station for outstanding war· 
rants involving damage to govern-
ment property. 
12:23 p.m.: Officers arrested a 24-
year-old male non-affiliate for pos-
sess ion of marijuana. Cited and re-
leased. 
12:15 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a black Trek bicycle at the 
Mesa apartments . Loss: $300. 
Mondly, Oct. 3 
U:1O I.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a computer chip from 
Torrey Pines Center South. Loss: 
$700. 
TuesdIy, Oct. 4 
1:25 I.m.: An 18-year-old female stu-
dent suffered from a panic attack at 
the Warren apartments due to stress, 
Transported to Thornton Hospital. 
u:oe I.m.: OffICers arrested a 34-
year-old female student for battery 
at Lot 405. Cited and released. 
2:38 p.m.: A 1S-year-old female stu-
dent reported being grabbed from 
behind by an unknown male at 
Lot 702. 
WednesdI" Oct. 5 
9:30 I.m.: A staff member reported 
tt\e theft of computer software from 
the Applied Physics and Mathemat-
Ics Building. Loss $7,402. 
10:02 I.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a blue bicycle from Discovery 
Hall. Loss: S2OO. 
6:41 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-

year~ld female student at Lot 504 for 
misuse of a handicapped placard. 
ThurlClly, Oct. 6 
12:23 a.M.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered from stomach pain 

afterconsumi~ several mixed drinks 
at the Marshall college residence 
halls. Paramedics responded, sub-
ject refused treatment. 
7:33 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of tNO gold and diamond rings 
from the Mesa apartments play-
ground. Loss: $900. 
8:0e p.m.: A student reported the 
theft C'f a red '85 Chevy Blazer from 
Lot 305. Loss: $8,000. 
FrIday, Oct. 7 
3:25 I.m.: Officers arrested a 40-
year-old female non-affiliate at Lot 
303 for giving false information to a 
peace officer, and outstanding war-
rants for being under the influence 
of a controlled substance, posses-
sion of methamphetamine, defraud-
ing an Innkeeper and failure to ap-
pear in court. Transported to City 
Jail. 
11:50 I.m.: A student reported the 
theft of 30 compact discs from Argo 
Hall. Loss:$300. 
1:20 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of '92 Honda 600 motorcycle 
from 3381 Lebon. Loss:$6,500. 
Saturdly, Oct. 8 
2:38 I.m.: Officers arrested a 20-
year-old male non-affiliate for pos-
session of marijuana at Lot 305. 
Cited and released. 
4:27 I.m.: Officers arrested a 3S-
year-old male non-affiliate at the 
GJiderport for possessio of marijuana 
and nudity. Transported to Deto)(, 
cited and released. 
4:30 a.m.: Officers arrested a jlNe-
nile male at Stewart Hall for public 
drunkeness and being under the In-
fl uence of LSD. Transported to 
Thornton Hospital. 

-Compiled by ErIk Johnson 
SettIo, swr Writ., 

The UCSD Guardian 

FOGG: Student 
reaction positive 
toward festival 
Continued from ..... 1 
vendors, in case those vendors 
come to them for sponsorship. " 

The event was sponsored by 
the ASUCSD, Campus Recre-
at ion, Dining Services, Univer-
sity Events Office (UEO), Kaplan 
and the five colleges. 

Garcia said that more student 
groups participated in this year's 
event than in previous years, in 
part because organizations asso-
ciated with the individual col-
leges were mvited to for the first 
time. 

A stage was erected for perfor-
mances by several student groups 
throughout the day. The local band 
Blacksmith Union performed at 
the end of the day-long even!. 

Most students were enthusi-
astic about the event. Muir Col-
lege sophomore Timory Roeh, a 
member of the Radically Inclined 
to Ski Club said that she discov-
ered the organization at FFOG 
last year. 

"UCSD is too big of a school 
to gather together," Roch said, 
and added that FFOG is helpful in 
familiarizing students with many 
of the student organizations. 

"We had a lotofpeoplegradu-
ate and this is a good way to find 
some energetic new people to 
join," said Third College senior 
Ian Johnston, of Student Envi-
ronmental Action Coalition. 

Adam Tilghman, a sen ior at 
Warren and member of the 
Darkstar Club, a science fic tion, 
fantasy and gaming organization, 

NEWS 7 

A pluah fro, spectat .. the ICtlvltl .. of FFOG. 
said that, at last year 's event, the 
club signed up 60 new mem-
bers. Darkstar members said 
they were anticipating to do the 
same th is yea r. 

Stephanie Barker, a senior at 
Mu ir represe nt ing the 
Pastfinders Anth ro pological 
Society, said t hat this is her 
organizatio n' s fi rst yea r at 

FFOG. She said she was hoping to 
gain the interest the interest of pass-
ing students. 

Other students were not as im-
pressed wi th the showing. " I don' t 
think they have that much," said Dan 
Ja rv is, a jun ior at Warren , referring to 
the variety of organizations. There 
are a lot of "different clubs that do the 
same th ing." 

WELCOME BACK great scores. •• 
UJe fire Here. 
On Campus. 

for VOlle 

For On-CGmPru Copies .. .And Morel 

• Fu ll & Self-Service Copies • Photo 
• Supplies • Computer Stations 
• Binding/Presentations • FAX 

• Custom 'Publishing • Poster Production 

ACCEPTED HERE 

Monday - FrIday 7:30a.m. to 9p.m. 
~rday 10 a.m. 10 5 p.m. 

Phone: (619) 677-9(0) Fax: (619) 677-0019 

We are located on the second floor of the Price Center. 

GRE Class" Slarl 
Oc:!. 1 at 10 am at UCSD 
Oc:1. 4 al 6pm at Kaplan 

MCAT Classes slart in December 
SltIJI-up Now and get a head 
start on your MCAT prep!!! 

LSAT Classes (or Pecember 
Mondays at 6 pm 
Wednesdays at 6 pm 
Sundays at 5 pm 
Final Class beginning 10122 

great skills ... 
Kaplan has the most complete arsenal of test 
prep tools available. From videos to software to 
virtual reality practice tests with computerized 
analysis to. great teachers who really care, 
nobody offers you more ways to practice. 

Call 277-6744 

get a higher score 

KAPLAN 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 10, 1994 

LIFE AFTER COLLEGE DOESN'T HAVE 
To START AT MINIMUM WAGE ~ ! 

Each year. college acro America are 
graduating hundreds of thousands of 
·tudents-all potential competitors for your 
next job! It won 't be easy. (even in the best 
of times). to get your career started- and the 
ones who succeed the quickest. are the ones 
who learn how to fight ... and win ... the "lob 
Hunting Battle!" Get the ammunition you 
need in "How to Market Yourself for your 
NEXT Job," a full-day $129 seminar. Quit 
watching everyone else get ahead- make the 

I 

next move and ... 
CALL TODAY FOR INFORMATION 
AND REGISTRATION . 

GREG FAVISH 
SMG SEMINARS 

4U 1.467 .6753 

FIND THE JOB THAT 
YOU REALLY WANTI 

STAND APART FROM 
OTHER CANDIDATESI 

CREATE COVER 
LETTERS THAT GET 
YOU IN THE DOOR I 

WRITE RESUMES THAT 
GET READ! 

GET THE MONEY 
YOU' RE WORTH I , 

.~ Depart 

\\l'1NFDRMATIDNAl.MEETlNG 
Thursday, October' 13, 1994 
2:00p.m. \~ 
Mayer Hall, MaY1~ l3'!2c at 

. \\-:<" C 
for .q ~ a1.\ -:::::- \) 

"" . \) ~AlHYS'C~~ 
. lind those thinking about becoming one 

-d -:;::. \J 
.q.v 

Academic Advising. Careers in Industry and Academia • Research Opportunities 

1m WIllI: _ PAM. YIcE-CIIAII. EIIcAn. 
FIMCU IIEWIM. PnFESSII 
III. H.-F.I.T.I. PIIYSICIST 
UIIDUIUIII1t Pncs RESOle. CEITEI. Scm DYllWSII .. $IE LIEIEI 

mM Gives You 
t']1 S Buy an IBM® personal computer for 
'-,-0 oar college & fly"'. anywhere in the 

continental U.S. throughout the school year For $125 * each way 
based on round-trip purchase •••••• • • • • • • • • •• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

L.JCSD 
BOOKSTOAF 

COMPUTER DEPARTMENT 534-4291 
Monday - Friday 8 am - 6 pm 
~~.,4 S&,turday 10 am - 5 pm 
FEED YOUR BRAIN ONLY $149900 

• 125 MB Hard Drive 
• 4MB RAM 
• PCMCIA Card Slot for One 

Type" or Type '" Adapter 
• 3.5', 1.44MB Disllett. Drive 
• 9.5' VGA Mono Display 
• Ouiet Full-Size Key Keyboard 

wlth Inteorated TraclcPoint II'" 
• Battery Pack and AC Adapter 
• Lots of Pretoaded Software 

($463 retail value) 

• !ntel488SXI33MHz processor 
• 212MB Hard Drive 
, 4MB RAM (expands to 64MB) 
• VESA local bus 
• 3 expansion slots (ISA), 3 bays 
• IBM Basic Keyboard. IBM 

Mouse 
• 005 and Windows'" preloaded Ask your mM Campus Computer 

Reseller about Get Real Privileges 
... and easy, affordable computer 
financing. Get Real. Get an IBM ThinkPatP or Value Point" ... 
Tr.R~ !'! A CU"UITIO' S Offf'r .~.,l.hIf '" •• ) f'Ol~ 1,-,",1, ( .... 11 )' ........ ,.. .hI, ,.rrha~ IRIM pt'f'IOMI WMptItf'ft ....... .,."iripa' .. ,. ...... ' ' ,vltion. (,...... ftO'II' Ih~~.aw 31. I"", Orden .. hjtd to ... ilahili,y. IRM .. y 'lrittwtr •• utrer II •• , _ w-... ......... 
IN'IIW. Off'"" au.bar WI r .. uN)'. 
. \ .... r .. ..,.TWA _. , .... Cooo-.ll' .. . """'" """ ood ...... ............ r_ l .......... ""~ IM ...... s.po..Iwr I . I,""""",,, J_ 30. 199 •. s.. .. ""' ........ CertiIk.", ... _ • ......r.nYe. ood c_ b. ,~ ~ith M, ............ , __ .. ..-.-
....... \I ,,· .... _"' ............... b)Tn .. Woo1d~. T ......... .,........ .. 'A'\ --..IIi!Iob .............. "' __ ....... T_ WMdEx.-.I .... y"""_""_ .......... __ .... __ ..... _ ........ ..,.,ty: ............ _wilbo",-O _ _ ....... 
IBII .... """"'P..t ... -...I ._rt. .fI-... ...... u--..IIoct- f...,."... ... \ ..... I'_ ... ITr.,lP .. II ... ........ rt.o(1..-...1s-..l\bchio<Of~. nA k ......... _rk 'IT .... 'oriIIAi ...... I .... 'indo- •• ' ....... rkolMirnooll~. 
f' l"""' ...... I-..II""'"'"C...."..,.' ... I994. 111M 784-11 

MoncLay, October 10,1994 

SAUTER: 
Speaker urges voter 
participation 
ContInued from pee. 1 
core source of information and 
knowledge, because i1 is a commer-
cially run system," Saulcr said, add-
ing that television tel1ds to distort 
the news. 

Sauler is traveling the lecture 
circuit to campaign for his wife and 
also 10 urge students to exercise 
their voting rights. regardless of their 
political views, he said. 

"If there is any segment of the 
population today [which] has a 
vested interest in our future, it is 
you, because if you don' t vo te, I 
will ," Sauter said, adding Ihat the 
small percentage of the population 
to which he belongs - older, white 
profess ionals - is increasingly 
becomming the domi nant voting 
group. 

According 10 Sauter, it is dan-
gerous for such a small group of 
Americans to make the political de-
cisions for the entire country, add-
ing that it will only alienate the rest 
of the population from the political 
process. 

Sauter also said it is increasingly 
difficult to maintain public interest 
in politics as political parties de-
cline in integrity and sports figures , 
mass murderers and celebrities are 
sensationalized by the news media. 

In addition, Sauter said that 30-
second TV commercials are the pri-
mary form of political communica-
tion today, but are inadequate to 
inform the public. 

"The grammar of politics today 
is in a very debased form, and the 
result is that we have a disillusioned 
public," Sauter said. 

Sauter looks to the "Information 
Superhighway" as a possible solu-
tion to voter disinterest. According 
to Sauter, the "Information Super-
highway" would also provide a bet-
ter environment for the exchange of 
ideas than the system of TV net-
works and newspapers existing to-
day. 

"It should be feasible to create 
forms of competition through this 
new medium," he said. 

The "Information Superhigh-
way" would also open up "unprec-
edented opportunities" for college 
graduates looking for careers, ac-
cording to Sauter. 

"The truth of the matter is that 
there is a tremendous need and de-
sire for young people coming out of 
college [to] have a basic understand-
ingofformsofcommunication, what 
they mean and how they interre-
late." Sauter said. 

CHIMPS: New 
technique becoming 
widely used 
Continued hom pac. 2 
approximate 2,000 chimpanzees in 
the United States as genetic equiva-
lents may require rcassesment. His-
torically, West African chimps have 
been most widely used species of 
chimpanzees used for biomedical . 
research. 

The technique that Moore, Morin 
and Woodruff made known is al-
ready being utilized by other re-
searchers around the world. "There 
has been a lot of interest in using the 
molecular markers that we used," 
Morin said . 

"Now groups all over the world 
are doing the type of research thaI, • 
by chance. we were the first to do," 
Woodruff said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

. C.ONtAC1 UNS 
SP£(\A\.S 

DAILY WEAR $89 
COMPLETE 

DISPOSABLE 
LENSES $129 
COMPlETE 

:F:~:K (:TV) 
1 ~AII Bro •• Eru 10 Blu 

Gnu Rl u l Vloltl 
pi_ 3 Mo. DISI'OSABUS 

co:,: $169 
speciols include lenses, exom, 
~ecore k~ ond 
IDlIow up visit. Exl>. 1 ()I2V,94 

• PIlsatPnoHs AWD 
• Gl.usEs IlUI'UCARD 
• COMPUn m EXAMS 

• No AnOtNTMINT NlCESSAlY 
51 HAllA ESIAHOI. [111l1li. 

University of California 
GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
GREAT EXPERIENCE 
GREAT BRITAIN & IRELAND 

Academic year abroad through the 
U.C. Education Abroad Program (EAP) 

• 'Earn U.c. Credit 
• :Financial 51ii 51vaifabft 

hurryl 

TUESDAY, ocr. 11, 1:30 
IPflERNAllONAL CENffiR loUNGE 

APPLICATION DEADLINE 

iIll 
NewSHORTTERMSTUDY ITA LV 

OPPORTUNITIES IN 11-\ I I 
Tuesday, Oct. 18 

InformatIOn session 1 :30-3:00 
International Center Conference Room 

Stud, on the EtlUUlnon AlmJtul hoarll". in Sitn" 
fur one te,.".. E",.,. UC ~redit on &!p's ",., 

lAn8N48t & Culture Proar"'" in Sienll, ItIJl, 
• Program begins in the spring of 1995 
• Shoo term quaner program runs from ApriJ through June 
• Students with sophomore status and one year of 

university· level Italian (by departure) are eligible 
• Scholanhips available 

7lr U"iPmily ,/c.lifomill U .. ti.,. AmtuI Pro';,..", 
"...iJa • .,.JfIIIIM i"fmulriMJIIl ~ rlMt il 

• Affordable with opportunities for financial aid 
• Applicable as full credit towards UC graduation 

NEWS 9 

NOW SERVICING 
JEEP CHEROKEE . 
FORD EXPLORER_ 

MINI-VANS X 
PEOPlE'M() KNow 

lRVAOOUNE' 

4630 ~ISSIO'" lAY OIUVE· s ...... DIEGO, CALlrORH 'A 921 09 

275-1132 
1 001 ALL REPAIRS 10 OFF with this coupon SIudencs. 1acuIIy and Ita" WI1I1 valid UCSO 10 --except motor and tranSlmsSMJn CN'erhaui $1 ,000 limit Not valid wiCh 8I1y OCher coupon Exp 6IJO/95 

Education Abroad Program 

New SHORT TERM STUDY 
OPPORTUNITY IN 

GERMANY 
Study on the Education Abroad Program in 

BIIyrtuth for one tlrm. urn UC cndit on EAP's 
nell' lAngll4ge & Culture hog"am 

• Program offered in the spring and fa ll , 1995 
• Short term programs run from April through July 
• Students with sophomore status and three to five 

quarters of university- level German (by departure) are 
eligible . 

• Scholarships available 
The Uni.,enity o/C,IIifomia Eilucation Abroa. Program 
prp.,iUIII '1I11U1ble inumlltionlll experience thllt is 

• Affordable with opportunities for financial aid 
• Applicable as full credit towards UC graduation 

GERMANY 
Information session 

Friday, Oct. 14 
1:30-3:00 
International Center Conference Room 

Study Global Security & 
Development in Japan!! 

PIpIt '''M, ' will omit ~ on your 1IIirIfI' IIId you will fly IN 1M( 1M world. 
SldPDS-.• 12 

UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) 
at Meiji Gakuin University 

in Yokohama 
Spring QJ4arter 1995 

Eam UC Credit 
$900 scholarship 

No Japanese language prerequlsHe 
Application Deadline: October 24, 1994 

JAPAN 
InformatIOn session 

Thursday, Oct. 13 
3pm 
International Center Conference Room 

............................. 1 ............................... , ..... 1121 



Monday, October 10, 1994 

ACADENUCSERV1CES 
Ongoing 

• 9-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center 
is a free service for UCSD students. We offer 
individual writing conferences for any type of 
writing project: papers, personal statements 
and creative writing. Call 534-2284 for an ap-
pointment or drop by our office in the old Stu-
dent Center, Building A, Room 214. 
• OASIS unguege Program - provides free 
tutoring assistance to students whose native 
language is not English and to those doing work 
in Spanish, French and Russian. A diagnostic 
test on written English is available on request. 
Monday-Thursdays 9:oo-4:30pm and Fridays 
9:00am-3:00pm. Call 534-2284 for more infor-
mation or drop by our office at Student Center, 
Building A, Room *214. 

Tuesday. October 11 
• , :30-3 p.m.- Study or work In the UK or 
lrelandl EAP/OAP information session at the 
International Center Conference Room. Finan-
cial Aid & Scholarships are available. Spon-
sored by The Programs Abroad Office. 

Wednesday. October 12 
• 6:30-8:00 p.m.-PrePlire for In Int.l1III-
tlonll Clreer. Leam how you can gain experi-
ence for a job in an international field. World-
wide opportunities for undergraduate and 
graduate stUdy, internships, volunteer. short 
and long term work will be discussed. Free. 
Location: International Center Lounge. 

Thursday. October 13 
.3-4:30 p.m.-Konnlchlwll Opportunities to 
study or work in Japan are available. Come to 
the EAP/OAP information session at the Inter-
national Center Conference Room for details. 
Financial Aid & Scholarships are also available. 
Sponsored by The Programs Abroad Office. 

Friday. October 14 
.11 :30-1 :30 p.m.-Are you In I cl ... of 200 
• tudents or more? Chances are your profes-
sors do not know who you are. You can change 
that by coming to FSSI (Faculty, Student and 
Staff Interaction) luncheons every Friday at the 
International Center Oceanid Pavilion and meet 
your professors in a social environment. We 
invite faculty from various departments, and all 
you have to do is show ~p with your own lunch 
or buy it there for $2.50. 
• 1 :30-3 p.m.-Guten Tigi Study or work in 
Germany! Come to the EAP/OAP information 
session at the Intemational Center Conference 
Room. Financial Aid & Scholarships are avail-
able. Sponsored by The Programs Abroad Of· 
fice. 

LECTURES ISEMINARS 
Monday. October 10 

• 12 p.m.- Biology DePlirtment Semlnlr, 
Randolph Hampton of UC Berkeley, cell bioi· 
ogy topic to be announced. Location: Pacific 
Hall. Room 3500. Information call 534-2327. 
• 6:30 p.m.- Pltlent Educltlon Progrlm 
III-"Posture and Exercise: The Key to a 
Healthy Back." Limited space available. Loca· 
tion: OrthoMed, 4150 Regents Park Row, Ste. 
300. Registration and information call 625· 
0084. 

Tuesday. October 11 
• 12 p.m.- Blochemlltry Semlnlr-Byron 
Rubin, Sterfing Winthrope Pharmaceuticals, "X· 
Ray Structure of Human Collangenases and 
Qrug Design." Location: Lecture Room. Cen· 
ter for Molecular Genetics. School of Medicine. 
Information 534·3055. 
.4 p.m.-Semlnlr Serle. on Aglng-"Re· 
cent Developments in the Neurobiology and 
Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease." sponsored 
by Stein Institute for Research on Aging. Loca· 
tion: Lecture Room, Center for Molecular Ge· 
netics, School of Medicine. 
• 4 p.m.-Phy.lcil Chemlltry Semln.r-
"Met-Cars: A Unique Class of Molecular Clus· 
ters" with Professor A. Welford Castleman. Jr 
of Penn State. Location: 2102 Urey Hall. 

Thursday. October 13 
.12 p.m.-8lochemlltry Semln.r-Henry 
Weiner, Purdue University with ·Structural & 
Functional Analysis of the Leader Sequence of 
Mitochondrial Proteins: 2 D·NMR, Membrane 
Binding & Proteolytic Processing." Location: 
Lecture Room, Center for Molecular Genetics, 
School of Medicine. Information 534·4016. 
• 5:30 p.m.-Center for RelUrch In Com-
puting Ind the Art. Tech Series-An intro-
duction to signal processing applications for 
music composition. Location: University Cen· 
ter, conference Room. Information 534·4383. 
• 7:30 p.m. -"F.mlle P.ychoAnilyat. In 
the Movlel"---{ilen Gabbard, Topeka Institute 
for Psychoanalysis, University of Kansas. Lo· 
cation: Garren Auditorium, Basic Science Bldg. 
Reservations required. Information 454-3102. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• COme Ind check out your phYllca1 fit-
ne .. 1 Sign up for FITSTOP for a personal. free. 
physical fitness assessment. Sign-ups are 
downstairs in the Student Health Center. 
• Stlrt the yur oft right. GET IN SHAPE! 
Come to Student Health Services. 2nd floor. 
starting October 3rd to sign up for a FREE Fit· 
ness Assessment. Call 534-2419 for info. 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 

• FREE SEXuII Hellth Informltlon at Stu· 
dent Health. Learn about birth control and 
STOs from Student Health Advocates on the 
2nd floor. Call 534·2419 for information. 
• Fight the Frelhmln 151 One on one nutri· 
tion counseling with a student health advocate 
FREE! Come to Student Health. 2nd floor. to 
sign up for an appointment. Call 534·2149 for 
me information. 
• Have you Indulged In one too mlny Junk 
food binge.? Keep tabs on your cholesterol 
level by coming to Student Health. Call 534-
2419 for schedule. 

Wednesday.October 12 
• 12pm-Overelterl Anonymoul meeting, 
every Wednesday, Located at the Medical 
Teaching Facility Room 149 oncampus. School 
of Medicine. Information 534·5393, Vera. 
(weekly) 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Ongoing 

• The Women'l RelOurce Center - We en· 
courage new (and old) students to corne in and 
become familiar with our many services and 
discussion groups. We are located in the Stu-
dent Center. right next to A.S. Lecture Notes. 
Drop by and say Hi! 

Monday. October .10 
• 4:00 p.m.- WELCOME MEETINGI Inter· 
ested in the environment? Join SEAC for a frol· 
icking good time. Everyone is invited. Meet 
above Soft Reserves In Rm 208. 
• 4:05 p.m.- Revelle Progremmlng BoIrd 
meeting. Dean's office. (weekly) 
• 5 p.m.-UCSD MECHA meets every Mon· 
day in Gallery A. (weekly) 
• 6:30 p.m.-Lalblen GlY Bll8xuII AuG-
clition - General business meeting, WRC 
come out and get involvedl (weekly) 
• 7 p.m.-Int.mlltlonsl Club meeting at the 
Intemational Center. 
Wednesda~October12 
• 5pm - Wlldemell Club Meeting - Join 
nature enthusiasts for hiking. biking. climbing. 
backpacking. camping. and more! Meet at the 
hump by the Old Student Center. (weekly) 
• 6·7 p,m.-Rotlrect Qub of UCSD is hav-
ing its first meeting in the International Center 
Conference Room. Sponsored by La Jolla 
Golden Triangle Rotary Club. If you want to 
network and get involved with community ser· 
vice. make sure you come to this meetingl 
.6:30 p.m.- Work for HUmin Rights with 
Amnelty Intemltlonsl at UCSD. Meet in Ber· 
keley room on the second floor of the Price 
Center. Call Matt for details at 458-9094. 
• 7 p.m. - ust Indk:ltor (Alternltlve .... 
dill Publication) - Meeting. Looking for writ· 
ers, photographers. layout artists. whatever you 
wish to contribute. Be a part of Alternative Me-
dia. (weekly) 

Thursday. October 13 
• 4·6 p.m.- Studentl Int.r .. ted In Invl-

illustration ~ Nathan Erlln/Guardlan 
ronmentlil atudlH are invited to meet with fac-
ulty associated with the Environmental Stud-
ies minor and to learn about volunteer oppor-
tunities at a reception in Half Dome (Muir Apart-
ments). Refreshments. Information 534-3589. 
• 5-6pm - UCSD Single Parenti Support 
Group - holding a meeting. The group is an 
invaluable resource to single parents at UCSD. 
Participants share their experiences and con· 
sequently receive a wealth of reassurance and 
support. They help one another to improve 
parenting skills and to increase their academic 
efficiency and productivity. Location: UCSD 
Early Childhood Center, Multi·Purpose Room. 
Call 546-8148 for information. (weekly) 

Friday, October '4 
.12-1 :30 p.m. - PIn-Allin Community F0-
rum - May bring lunch. Leader: Jeanne 
Manese. 534·3035. Mountain View Lounge. 
(weekM 
.2·4 p.m. - AIcohollnd Subatance Abu .. 
Group: Led by Dan Munoz. 534-3755. (weekly) 
Satruclay. October 15 
• 4-6 p.m. - Clmpul Blick Forum - led 
by Phil Raphael and Fred Vanhoose. Moun-
tain VIeW Lounge. (W86kM 

Sunday, October 16 
.7·10 p.m.-Society for C .... tlv. Anlchro-
nlam will be meeting in Price Center Gallery 
B. We are a historical re-creation group inter-
ested in the Middle Ages. (weekM 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
Ongoing 

• The Cent..- for R .... rch In Computing 
Ind the Arts (CRCA). Sheldon Brown. will ex· 
hibit an outdoor public artwork/Video installa· 
tion titled Video Wind Chimes; until October 
30. This may be viewed daily from after dusk 
until 11pm. 
• "ApPllritlon.," a physical and computer· 
generated installation is on display at the 
UCSD M Gallery as part of InSITE'M. The 
gallery opens daily 12·5pm until October 30. 
Closed Mondays. 
• The UCSD Visual Art Center Gallery will 
present an installation by artists Janet Koenig 
and Greg Sholette. titled, "dlaLOCATIONS." 
Gallery open 12·5pm Monday through Friday. 
• Stephen F. Birch Aquarium Museum will be 
the location for a site-specific sculpture by art-
ist Nina Karavasiles. titled "51l1ne1S1lln1." L0-
cation: Robert Smargon Exhibit Courtyard at 
SBAM through October 28. 
• The UCSD VISual M Center Gallery will 
present an installation by artissts Janet Koening 
and greg sholette. titled. ·dlaLOCATIONS.· 
Gallery open 12·5pm Monday through Friday. 
• "Th. Humin Condition/ll Condlclon 
Humlns" is a bi·national project by Joyce Cut· 
ler·Shaw. linking the Hospital General de 
Tquana and the Veterans Affairs Medical Cen· 
ter in La Jolla. Portraits. poems. and wall sto-
ries to depict the unique character 0/ the popula-

CALENDAR 10 

tions of each hospital. as well as their common 
humanity. Projects win be on view until No-
vember 30. Information 2n-7321. 

Wednesday, October 12 
.4:30 p.m.-Poetry SerIes-The first in a 
weekly poetry series presented by the Depart. 
ment of Literature, featuring Lee-Ann Brown. 
one of the most active members of the newest 
generation of poetic experimentalists and edi· 
tor of the important Tender Buttons Press. She 
will be reading from her books. Series contino 
ues through November 16. Location: Univer· 
sity Center. Bldg. 408. Main Event Space. In-
formation 534-4383. 
• 7 p.m.- Women'. VolleyblU- UCSD vs. 
Cal Lutheran. Admission: general $4, faculty/ 
staff/students $2, UCSD students free. Loca· 
tion: Main Gym. Information 534·4211 . 
• 8 p.m.- '"Tutro de Danzll EaPliflola"-
Spain's pre·eminent Aamenco Dance Com-
pany known for its explosive performances and 
blazing zapateado footwork. Featuring 4 of 
Spain's brightest flamenco stars. Admission: 
taculty/staff/generallsenior citizens $22; stu-
dents $16. Location: Mandeville Auditorium. 
Information call 534-4090. 

Thursday, October 13 
.12-1 p.m.-APB BBO Ind Blk. 51. on 
Revelle Plaza 

Friday, October 14 
.2 p.m.-Umbrelll Group Clmplng Trip--
Agua Caliente San Diego Country Park. 
through October 16. Bisexuals. lesbians. gay 
men and friends at U';SD are invited to attend. 
Fee is $25 per calo iiJSite. Sponsored by Um-
brella Group Staff Association. Information call 
Paul 534-8164. 
.3 p.m.-Women'. Soc:c:er-tlCSD vs. USC. 
North Campus Field. Information 534-4211 . 
• 7:30 p.m.- Women'. VoIleybllI-USA vs. 
Germany National. Admission: general $4; fac-
ulty/staff $3; students $2; UCSD students free . 
Location: Main Gym. Information 534-4211 . 
• 8 p.m .~hlmber Mu.1c Serle.: GUlmeri 
String aulrtet-Featuring Arnold Steinhardt. 
John Dalley. Michael Tree, David Soyer. Loca-
tion: Mandeville Auditorium. Admission fee and 
general infonmation call 534-4090. 
• Shadow Solo-Free performance in 409 
Small. 8:00. 9:30.11:00 p.m. 

Saturday, October '5 
• 8 a.m .~lboI CII" InvltltIonsl Cro .. 
Country Meet. Location: Laurel Street. Balboa 
Park. 
• 8 a.m.-Let'. go to Dlaney\lndl Interna-
tional Club is sponsoring a Disneyland trip to 
the happiest place on earth for only $31 .00 per 
adult and $25.00 per child. Sign up at the In-
ternational Student/Scholar Office. 
• 1 p.m.-Juz F •• tlvll- Featuring Mark 
Whitfield, Biack/Note Robert Hurst auartet and 
James Moody. Location: Plaza. Price Center. 
Information 534·5259. 
• Shldow Solo-Free performance in 409 
Small. 8:00 and 1 0:00p.m. 

Sunday. October 16 
.2 p.mJ8 p.m.-"WInnle-the-Pooh ... Bother 
111-- Readings by Peter Dennis. Whillllically 
absurd evening of readings from A.A. Mllne's 
Winnie the Pooh stories. Admillion: general 
$10; faculty/staff/senior citizens $9: ItudentI 
$6. Location: Mandeville Auditorium. InforrnIl-
tion 534-4090. 

Saturday-Sundq 
• Mehr-aln will be ceIebraI8d thlI y.r at the 
Festival of Alta in Laguna Beach. The colorful 
Festival of Autumn. Mehregan. hal been ceI· 
ebrated as a harvest f81tival by Peralans for 
thousancll of years where foods and fodder 
were to be stored and fruit trees were to be 
pruned. It is also celebrated for the triumph of 
knowledge over ignorance and enlightenment 
over ctar1<ness. Celebration will begin Saturday 
10 am., lasting until 10 p.m .• and continue Sun-
day 10 a. m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $3 for adulls. 
$1 for children. Location: 650 Laguna Canyon 
(HWV 133), Laguna Beach. 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 

• Mentor - If you're graduating this quarter 
and job-seeking, we'lI match you with a pro-
fessional in your field of interest who will get 
you started networking in the local job market. 
Sign up at reference room desk. Free. Career 
Serv!ces. 
• ProfuaIonII/GriduIte School Advlalng-
Daily appointments available for issues related 
to admission tOI professional or gradullte 
school. Call 534-4939. Career Services . 
.8-4 a.m. - SlGI + Computlr-blaed pro-
grim of Clreer Inforrnstlon designed to help 
you clarify your skills values and interests. For 
more info. corne to Career Services Center. 
$10. 
.1:30-4 p.m. - Dro~ln Advising - For help 
with career goals. job hunting. resume prepa· 
ration and related issues. No appointment 
needed. just walk in. Career Services. 

Monday. October 10 
.7 p.m.--tntereatad In obtaining one of over 
750 IOCII, .tlt., or nstlOnliI Intemlhlp.? 
Then find out what the AS Internship Office 
(ASIO) has to offer at the General Info Night. in 
the San FranciscolSanta Cruz Room (2nd floor 
Price Center). CslI : 534·4689 . 

Monday, October 10, 1994 

Three days max! I was sick at 
the time. I 'm one of those pho-
bic persons; sometimes I'll 
take a shower twice in one 
day, if I workout or if I'm 
dirty. 

CRISTIAN ALECSE 
Revelle Junior 

TIIANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 
Gilman Drive Info Booth 
Communications Bldg. 
Torrey Pines Center 
No. T.P. Info BooIt1 
Scripps Library 
Scripps Snack Bar 
Neuremberg Hall. SIO 

SI. Germain's 
Cal Copy BJ·. Pizzeria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Vons 
PoIaI's Yogun 
WestemBagel 
Big Bear 
Soup Exchange 
Subway 
Zebra COpy 
MlagroBean 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 

~Etc. 
Beans 

Subway 
Roberto's 

JefI'. Burgers 
Neighbor Saver 
No. Shore Cafe 
s--. ....... 
Soup Exchange 
POI1IyIand 
Vons 
La Jolla Brewing Co. 

~..= Public Ubrary -" 
Bernini', 00"", 
Zanzibar ~ 
Pannikin 
1·11 (La Jolla Blvd.) 
l.uc:ky's 
Haagen Oas 
Zanzibar 
CafeOema 
Boney'a 
VOOI 
Soup Exchange 
Dragon House 

Ben & Jerry" 
VOOI 
Sport Mart 
l.uc:ky'l 
Roberti 
RaKing 
Sub Stop 
Rober1os 

Baltimore Bagel 
Red Robin 

Pannikin 

6-8 lites 
To Be Announced 

COMING SOON TO HillCREST 

Let's see, one time for seven 
days I didn't shower. It was 
over Christmas. I was like 12. 
I got a video game for Christ-
mas and I couldn't stop play-
ing. I would sleep, eat and 
then play the game. That's all 
I did for a week; a shower 
wasn't important to me. 

JESSE GROS 
Warren Sophomore 

The UCSD Guardian 

WHAT'S 
THE 

LONGEST 
YOU'VE 

GONE 
WITHOUT A 

SHOWER? 

Interviewl and 
Photography by 

Heidi Muzhik 

Probably about seven days. I 
was hitchhiking in Northern 
California. Beingdirty 'sgreat; 
it's the way to be. 

SARAH SCHRANK 
Graduate Student 

FEATURES It 

God, it was at least two weeks, 
maybe more. It was during 
finals week at my junior col-
lege, before I transferred to 
UCSD, and I was living in my 
van at the time. 

WILLIAM BARLEY 
Warren Junior 

UIf I am virtuous and worthy, for whom 
should I not maintain proper concern?" 

CONFUCIUS 

UThe first point of courtesy 
must always be truth?' 

EMERSON 

U A zero dialer is a zero indeed!' 
POLITENESSMAN 

. , 



12 SPORTS 

GREEK 
COISIIE CAFE 

LA JOLLA 
Renaissance Center 

8935 Town Center Dr. SIB. 111 
558-7771 

FREE 
GYROS SAMPLE! 

'\0 (Oll]lOIl Ilt'( (I' ........ .ln 

1 
1 FALAFEL or GYROS 1 

::~~~$299: 

London $i25" 
Costa Rica $255" 
Tokyo $i35" 
Dallas $125" 
Hew York City $184" 
' ''' 11 f.wcsfttaehwrth:lIl1 s"" ~al05NlgcJc:sbe5cd 
on arOlJnl1lrICOUct,.u Ta7.e:5 ra n:ldtdmrcstrlCtlon5 
aoply ea I tot am" 'Ml' NIck dEsI .... 0'5 

1 PIo_ ", ..... when 0«*"11. Exp. 'Q'2~ 1 
1- - - - - - - - - - - -I IlIr.iI,."IIis.llcriOIl-tlJc-.pot' 

:$300 OFF! : ~c!!~e~~t!I!!!1 
Any Plate 1 fri. 9·\ Sit. 10-2 

I PIo ... ", ..... """"Ofdef\ng. E>p ,(Yo!./94 1 1 ___________ .. 

I 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

The UCSD Cuardian 

Zebra 
Copy 
Unlimited 

Copies 
3.5¢ ea. 
8.5" x 11" • 20# white 

self serve 

'f 1;;0 HCj!cnts Pa rk How 
Suite I: 10 

I.a Jolla. C\ ~'20:\7 

457-1007 

I 
I 
I 
• 
• I 
I 
I 

PARK IT 
HERE 

Instead of roaming the parking lots, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax. 

Enjoy yourself. Turn up your headset. Look at the scenery for a change. Talk. Cram for a test if you have to. 
Why drive yourself nuts when students can ride for only $39 a month. As many rides on buses and trolleys 

as you want. Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

The Roule. To Know To Get Where You Wanl To Go 
Four San Diego Transit routes serve UCSD. Chances are, one 
will take you directly where you want to go. If not, an easy 
transfer connects you to bus and trolley routes going every-
where in the county. Urban Fare $] .50, Express Fare 
(Rts. 30 & SO) $1.75. 
Route 30. Express between Downto~n San Diego and USIU 
via Pacific Beach, La Jolla, Torrey Pines Road, UCSD, VA 
Hospital, University Towne Centre, Miramar Rd., Mira Mesa 
and Scripps Ranch. 
Route 34. Downtown San Diego to University Towne Centre 
via Lorna Portal, Mission Beach, Pa.cific Beach, La Jolla, La 
Jolla Shores, Scripps Institute, UCSD, VA Hospital, Scripps 
Hospital, UCSD Housing, La Jolla Village Square (34A only) 
and North University City Housing (34A only.) 
Route 41. Torrey Pines Golf Course to Fashion Valley via 
Scripps Clinic, UCSD, VA Hospital, University Towne Centre, 
University City, Clairernont, Mesa College and Linda Vista. 

Route SO. Express between Downtown San Diego and La Jolla 
Village Square via Clairemont, University City, University 
Towne Centre and VA Hospital. Note: Rt. SO does not serve 
the campus direct. It travels on La 10lla Village Drive. 
Free bus rides around campus for UCSD students, faculty, staff, 
grad students and spouses. Just bring your UCSD photo ID to 
the UCSD Transportation Alternative at 406 MAAC or call 
534-RIDE. 
Monthly bus and trolley passes for students are only $39 at the 
Cashiers Office, 401 MAAC (with valid student ID). 
Free Campus Bus Route Maps and bus schedules are available 
at the Transportation Alternative or RIDESHARE boards 
throughout campus. 

Need More bus information? Call 

233-3004 
five days a week, S:3O a.m. Ind 8:30 p.m., Sat. &. Sun. 8 I.m.-S p.m. 

(fYY or hearing impaired only, 234-50(5) 

San Diego Transit • 

MODday, October 10,1994 

RIMAe: Why 
was it built in the 
first place? 
Continued from PICe 20 

Another question: Why aren 't wc 
paying all of our athletic coaches 
full-time? Shouldn't our $70 contri-
bution go to the place with the most 
need? Millions of dollars are float-
ing around for this enormous struc-
ture. Where was this money when 
we needed it most, to save activities 
that students really love? 

Additional questions of practical-
ity arise concerning RIMAe. The 
three available we ight rooms on 
campus are almost never crowded. 
Last weekend at the Spanos weight 
room, a maximum of to people fre-
quented the building during an en-
tire Saturday. Do we reall y need a 
12,OOO-square-foot weightroom? If 
our present facilitie s are good 
enough for the Ghargers, aren' t they 
good enough for us? 

If the justification for RIMAC is 
that it wi II improve student morale, 
I think the administration is dead 
wrong. The vote in 1989 for R1MAC 
barely passed, so student support 
wasn't exactly overwhelming. 

If you want to improve student 
morale at UCSD, bring back real 
TGIF's, real pit dances and real 
block parties. Give us a football team 
to rally around, or Division I sports. 
Don't expect to build a 33.5 million 
dollar smoke screen with our money 
and then have all the students danc-
ing in the streets. 

I suppose I'm being a bit harsh. I 
know I'll probably be one of the first 
in line to walk through RIMAC's 
hallowed doors. But that doesn ' t 
mean I'm going to blindly support 
it and that doesn't mean all the ques-
tions go away. 

After all, just when does this 
thing open anyway? 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons and Warriors 
battle to a 1-1 tie 
Continued from pqe 15 

Westmont had a free kick on the 
right side, 40 yards from the goal. 

McManus caUed for an offside 
trap but as the Warriors' Jennifer 
Wills took the kick, the entire Tri-
ton defense was out of position. 

Wills sent the baH into the middle 
of the penalty box where four War-
riors found themselves all alone with 
the nearest Triton five yards behind 
them. UCSD goalkeeper Cari 
Schwartz had no chance, and Rachel 
Petersen fired it home to tie the oon-
test at one. 

Both overtimes followed the 
same script as regulation. While the 
Tritons were able to continue run-
ning the sidelines, a stingy Westmont 
defense was able to deny them con-
trol of the center of the field. 

With 50 seconds left in the last 
overtime, UCSD's Dawn Lee took 
the final corner kick oflhe game_ She 
fcd Muchowski, whole header sailed 
wide of the post. It was an appropri-
ate end to a frustrating day for the 
Tritons. 

"It's a dislppointing result," 
McManus said. Mit was a tough 
week, but this team is still not fully 
tit. Once we're in playoffs, we're 
going to have to he able to beat qual-
ity teams back-to-bact." 

"It '5 been I very draining week, .. 
junior Carrie Peer said. "We've had 
some big wins, but we never relaxed 
in Iny of the gamea. This team plays 
its hardest every game and we know 
we could have beaten them." 

)(oDday, Oetober 10, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

r~---------------------------------------, 

HOW TO SAVE A FEW BUCKS. 
O'OU CAN'T LIVE OFF PSYCH EXPERIMENTS ALONE.) 

~ Buy pizza at closing time. 
Haggle for slices they'd otherwise just throwaway. 

~ Eat Ramen noodles. 

II Make friends with a Senior. 
Come June, they'll be more than glad to give you 
their old Poly Sci books and couches. 

~ Donate blood. 
Save a life and get a free lunch to boot. 

II Pick up a Citibank Classic card. 
There's no annual fee. 

« 
z 

g 
-Ij 
0 
.t: 
'5 
~ 
"" i 
.g 
G 
.. g:: 
@ 

Apply for the Citibank Clusic card by completinl the application in this issue or by callina I· 800 • CITIBANK 

13 



I"SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 10, 1994 

Tritons Make Trinity (TX) Look SilJiman, 2-0 
HITCHHIKER: UCSD 
improves record to 8-5 
after shutout of 
Division III Trinity 
By ..... K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

What's worse than a men 's soc-
cer team with only one goalie? A 
men 's soccer team with one goalie 

without a car. 
So phomore 
Geo r ge 
All is on , 
UCSD's lone 
start ing goal 
keeper, found 
himself be-
tween a very 
long walk 
and Head 
Coach Derek 
Armstrong 's 
short-temper 

about 45 minutes before the Tritons' 
2-0 triumph over vis iting Trinity 
University (rX) on Saturday. 

" I don't have a car so I usually 
get rides from my roommates," 
Allison said. "Nobody was around 
so I had to page [Assistant Coach] 
Teddy [przybylek] for a ride. I'm sit-
ti ng there checking the clock - 30 
minutes, 15 minutes, 10 minutes-
pretty soon it's 3:00 and I'm seri-
ously stressing." 

Fo rtunate ly fo r the Tritons, 
przybylek nabbed the AWOL net-
mi nder, but not before the Tigers 
gave a scare to UCSD's "celebrity 
goalie of the week," sophomore 
midfielder Brian Turner. 

YIIMIv ZOlotom/ GIwOiMl 

UCSD'. a .... n SonnlchHn pays the prtc:e for wlnnln, durin, the Triton.' 2.0 win over TrinIty. 
Only five minutes into the con-

test, Trinity 's Patrick Diven charged 
down the right side, lifting a high lob 
from about 30 feet out which headed 
directly toward the left corner of the 
goal, we ll over the Triton defenses' 
reach. A confused Turner looked 
more like a contort io nist than a 
keeper. twisting his 6'3" frame into 
more unique posi tions than a bell y 
dancer at a Hawaiian luau. He for-
got one thing, though, the ball. 

As luck would have it, Diven 's 
shot nailed the far post and scooted 
harmlessly away. Six minutes laler, 
Allison spelled the midfielder-
turned-goalie and the potent Triton 
offense went to work. 

Ken Fuj ii , Matt Chilton, Nate 
Hetherington and Eric Waldman all 
had shots on Tiger keeper Bi ll 
Sil liman, but none were able to con-
vert, at least not until the 23:25 mark. 

With Fujii showcasing his ball-

handling wizardry on a helpless 
Trinity defense at the upper-left cor-
ner of the goalie box, Chilton crept 
behind Tiger defender Mark Lara at 
the far post. [n a flash, Fujii crossed 
a perfect line-drive pass near the up-
per-right post to the Tritons' main-
scoring threat, and sure enough, 
Chilton's header angled just out of 
the reach of Silliman and into the 
right comer of the net to give UCSD 
a 1-0 advantage. 

"Fujii played an unreal ball," 
Chilton said. "He turned the whole 
defense and laid it up there perfectly. 
It was basically a tap-in for me. I had 
to stretch a bit, but I got there." 

ClIilton, who brilliantly directed 
the Triton 's national champion de-
fense lasl year, has since been relo-
cated to the midfield to add some 
much-needed scoring punch to an at-
times goal-shy San Diego unit. 
Armstrong's tactic has paid off in 
spades - Chilton has convened a 
team-leading eight goals. 

Waldman added an insurance 
goal at 69:58, valiantly taking on two 
Tiger defenders by himself at the 
lop-right of the goalie box. After 
Waldman shook one defender, leav-
ing him rolling on the ground, the 
midfielder found himself doing the 
lango wilh a chargins Silliman 10 
yards out. Silliman dove in an at-
tempi to snare the ball, but it slipped 
out of his grasp, and instead tried to 
take Waldman down with him. 
Keeping his wits about him , 
Waldman wavered, but adeptly re-
discovered his footing and planted 
an open-net blast straight down the 
pipe to round out the scoring. 

"It's tough being the only goalie, 
but you do what you have 10 do," 
Allison said. "Sometimes I hesitate 
to go out and get the ball hard. If I 
get cracked, then what are we going 
to do? But my confidence is going 
up. Everybody is clicking better 
through the back. There hasn 't been 
too many shots on me. There were a 
few today, but nothing too hard." 

Brian Turner might not tell the 
same story. 

Weve just developed away to make 
Power · tosh even more powerful. 

(Buy one now, and we'll throw in all this software to help you power through college) 

Not only is the world's fastest Macintosh-computer available at special low student prices, package with a word proc~r, dalltbase, spreadsheet and more. Buy a select Power Mac~ with 
but now it includes a student software set available only from Apple. For a limited time, buy CD-ROM, and you'll also get a multimedia Ubrary of essential leference tools. It all comes with 
a select Power Macintosh~ and you get software that helps you th rough every aspect of writing Power Macintosh - the computer that grows with you from college to the professional 
papers, a personal o~nizer/calendar created for your rudent Ufestyle and the Internet Com- world. And now, with an Apple Computer Loan, it's easier than ever to' Appl J. 
panion to help you lap into on-line research resources. Plus you'll get ClarisWorks, an integrnted own one. Its the power every srudent need<;. The power to be your best~ 'l.e_ 

~~ .. 

LJrsn 
IUl()""""T()JU 

HID YOU" IRAIN 
UCSD BookStore Computer Center 534-4291 

Monda" October 10,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Unable to March 
By Warriors, Settle for lie 
ILUCIFEIT: UCSD and Westmont pounded one another throughout 
regulation and overtime but couldn't determine a winner in 1-1 stalemate 
8ya ... w ...... 
SpotU Co-Et1Itor 

Coming off the field after 
Friday's 1-1 tie with visiting 
Westmont College, the UCSD 

UJUMEN'~ 
• 

.... 
' .. ··~I JI/IM* #F;'-Y: 

" 

50C[EH 

women's 
soccer team 
wss ·more 

concerned 
with re-
mainingup-
right than 
anything 
else. Not 
only was the 
tangle with 
Westmont 
the Tritons' 
(7-0-2) third 

game in five days, but also their most 
physical battle of the year, which 
ended only after 30 minutes of over-
time failed to establish a winner. 

The Warriors gave UCSD exactly 
the game it expected: a hard-fought 
slugfest that bad more than a few 
ugly moments. Unfortunately for the 
Tritons, that 's exactly the kind of 
game at which they are weakest. 

The game was a back-and-forth 
contest from the start. Although nei-
ther the Warriors, nor tbe Tritons 
could establish finn control during 
the fint half, UCSD found itself in 
the right place at the right time 10 
minutes into the game. 

Warrior goalkeeper Debbie 
Trujillo came out to challenge a Tri-
ton attack but misplayed the ball and 
ended up sprawled on the ground. 
UCSD's Ete Johnson and Amanda 
Johnson were both on top of the ball 
but were unable to overcome a tough 
angle, and Amanda Johnson's shot 
scooted wide right. 

lt was the first of three cbances 
the Tritons would get with the keeper 
out of position. 

The missed opportunity was a 
fair indicator of how the game was 
going for UCSD. Either because of 
fatigue caused by the week's tough 
schedule or the continual pounding 
any Triton would lake if she touched 
the ball, UCSD was unable to estab-
lisb any kind of sustained rhythm. 

Westmont's speed bothered 
UCSD which usually relies on its 
forwards to race up the sidelines and 
center the ball. On Friday, however, 
the Warriors were able to take away 
most of those sideline runs and bottle 
the Tritons up in the middle. 

"They were a physical team and 
as fast as we were, which is some-
thing we're oot used to," Amanda 
Johnson said. 

Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus ordered a change in strat-
egy - UCSD would look to move 
the ball around the field and playa 
lot of two-touch ban. "We were get-

ting knocked off the ball when we 
tried to hold on to the ball or run with 
it," Amanda Johnson said. 

But the second half was not a 
marked improvement over the first. 
The Tritons were getting more side-
line opportunities, however, espe-
cially in the first five minutes after 
the intermission. Carin Pugh 
steamed down the right sideline and 
lofted a perfect cross that Trujillo 
came out to catch. 

The ball slipped through the 
Westmont keeper 's hands, however, 
and was bouncing into the net when 
Warrior Kristen Martinez appeared 
out of nowhere to head the sure-goal 
clear of the nel and out of danger. 

Ten minutes later, the Tritons 
again found themselves staring at a 
wide-open goal. This time Brandie 
Hayungs penetrated on the right side 
before popping the ball back out to 
teammate Diana Muchowski. 
Trujillo found herself in a dilemma 
and tried to play Muchowski, but 
somehow ended up on the ground 
instead. Mucbowski's shot was per-
fect, but again a Warrior defender 
materialized. This time it wss 
Brenda Stratton who deflected 
Muchowski's shot out of the goal. 

The Tritons finally scored with 
17 minutes to play in the game. 
Brenna Cox dribbled deep down the 
left sideline before knocking a left-

EFINE YOUR 
PAm TO SUCCESS 

• • • • • • • • • • 

Since 1852 Wella Fargo Bank has defined its path to success through a strong belief 
in teamwork, integrity, flexibility and commitment. These values have enabled us to 
meet our goals and move forward with confidence. 

We take an active interest in helping future banking professionals find their own 
personal path to success. Our team consists of a diverse group of people who bring 
us their varied talents, viewpoints, interests and experiences. Through their efforts 
we maintain our high standards and define our future. 

If you are conaidering a career in banking, we invite you to learn more about us. As 
a member oC our team, your contributions will be valued and your proCe88ional 
development will be encouraged. Our environment will challenge your expertiSe and 
allow you to make the most of your potential in a company that lead8 the way in 
financial scrYice8. To get started on your path to success, marie these dates on your 
calendar now. 

RELATIONSmp MANAGER 
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 

(Co_reial, ~rate 4: Real t:.taIe Lenclins) 
laformatioa Se. .... October 13, 1994-

Scheduled ~lernew., Noyember 8, 1994-

For _ UDmaIion, contact )'OUI' Career Center or write to: WhoIe.Ie U~ 
UCSD, III Suaer St., MACIOl88-IOO, s.. F~, CA 94163. 

EOEMIFIDN. 

wmr·IB I'ABOO BANK 

SPORTS 15 

YIIIOv ZOI44offN/GuMa/MI 
arenlUl COx ..... ted on the Tritons lone ........ nat Westmont. 
footed cross toward the goal. This 
time the play worked perfectly, as 
Pugh knifed into the center of the 
goalbox and nailed a shot on-the-fly 
into the left comer for a 1-0 lead. 

With five minutes to play, the fa-
tigue finally caught up with the Tri-
tons and a mental error led to the 
Warriors' tying score. 

See W. SOCCER, Page 12 

c 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\4H \4 1\11 \1'" 

WurII Of IUIr In ...... EN'IOAP ... " .... 
.... Ttiureday Octobef 13. 3-4:3Opm. 

~. c.ar ConInncI ADorn. (IClf 
10) 

StudyOfWlllleIn~EN'IOAP~ 
.... Ion Frld.y October 14, 1 :30·3p.m. 
1neImIIIoI. c.. c:or.r.nc. Room. (10( 
10) 

PROP 117 DISCUSSION GROUP WITH 
1PfAIWII. Mond8yOclDbef 10. 5pm" PrIce 
c.. ThIIIer. Sponeored bV MECHAI\JrIH, 
ChIc:8noe lor CrNIM MedIcIfw. (IClflO) 

CONSIDERING BECOMING CATHOLIC? 
CATHOL IC BUT NOT CONFIRMED? The 
CIIIhoIIc Coml'lllriy • UCSD will t.gln b 
ACIA (Ale rI Chrllliln IniIIIIIon 01 Mia)/ 
ConfinnIIIIon program on TU8IdIIy. OcIober 18 
• 7:00 p.m . .. thl c.thoIic LoungI (_ La 
Jolla ShorN DrIve). FOf mOIl informItion Of to 
regiller, conIrocI Lym NIu, 452·11157. (10(10& 
1Clf17) 

WIIIcti " greIIer, !lie federal detlI or your 
oWI8ndIng 1lUdanl1oan? lIam!lie _II 
!lie DC IMImItIIP Forum. Friday 0cIDbef 14, 
e.- SIMce. Center, 2:30-4:00. (10(10) 

Int.rnational Experl.nc • • Int.rnatlonal 
0pp0rtunItieI1 General EAPIOAP InIoonIIIon 
.... Ion Thur. day Qclob.r 8 . 7·8pm. 
InternIIIonII canter Lo(ijge. (10110) 

PICK UP THE UCSD GUARDIAN IN 
HILLCR!lT SIeIting Moray. OcIober 10 .. c.I 
eu' ecMrtiIIng oIIIce • 534~ 10 rNCh IIiII 

~ 1IWIIIIt. (10(6.10(10) 

W ........ D.C~ ... not lUll an addIeu . ... 
en 1IIIIIudt. Come 10 !lie DC Internship Forum. 
Friday, 0cIDbef 14, 2:30-4:00, c._ ServicM 
c.ar. (10(6.10(10) 

UCSO AIIhrna Study Ashmatic:s u,jng Inhaled 
IhIrOIdIneedecI. 12M8k,81111itIlUCly. AaoIMi 
up 10 '150.00 lor participation. ' For mora 
1nfonnaI1on, call 534-8224 or 543-6911 . (9/28. 
10117) 

HILLCREST MED. CTR TO CAMPUS 
VANPOOL ilia openIngIlOr UCSD faculty, 
lUff • UC EMPLOYED SnJDENTS. II you 
rMIde In 1tie ~Ic" _ .nd __ .. ,... 
4:30pm on campu', th18 I. an axcetlenl 
00IIiI'IhM option. CaN CAROLE 1\ txt. 3-
RIOE. (tr'a-l0(20) 

M/F Roomme1e wan1ed to ahare room In 
fumisIwd condo. ocaanfronl development, 0tI 
Mar, euy ecce .. to beach and UCSD $340. 

~1·7405. (10110) 

La Jolla Village Parle, Master Suite lor 1 or 2 
tamale 1Iudtnts. utilities and cable included 
$1500($315. 825-0873. 

ROOMMATE WANTED: ~Higl'Mndl 
apIICiouIlingIe w/fNIIi bt1hroom. patio, near 
UCSO, UTC, BUS, WID, dIIIMuher, 0IbII, 
S360 IncbIng uIIIItin, S200 dIpoIIt. AVIIiIIbIe 
ImmadIa1eIy 54&-«)04. (10110-10113) 
Room: F __ . ClNn. quilt. '"POt 1IibIe. 
CIenmont~. $300+1/3 II1II. DEPOSIT. 
Non·emoIdng, no peIa. All appUenoM. 232· 
3437. (10110-10/24) 

3 Bedroom TownhOuIa off EMtgate Md. 
WurMIdtyer, pool. S08OImo & .'~. (2 
condoa aWillebla) Cell 7Q2~ (10(10-10( 
31) 

The UCSD c..diaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Cilmified advertising is sold in 20-worrJ incremt!nIs. The rate per 20 worrU is $2 for 
students (for penonal use only), $3 for focuky and staff, and $4 for others. Paymt!IIt in 
advance is required; thelefore, ads must be moiled wiJh a chedc (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeDdIines are 3 p.m. 1'hunt1tzy for MontIay's 
issue, and3 p.m. MondJzyfor 'I7IursdIly's issue. The Guardian ~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not IimiJI!td to companionship ads. For more information 
roH534-5416.MaiJingadtJress: UCSDGuardiao,Attn:C/assijials, 9500GilmlmDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92(1)3'()316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

OIMDO\IIINPAOPERTlES1105BEDAOOMS 
ALL NaS. Why lIMp paying RENT! Cell lor 
.. 8204140 pager. AgInI. (10(10-10(13) 

RoonmIIe --.cI . 4 btdroom heMe. EeIy 
going "'* Of r.m.II. BIrdrocII_. Avell now. 
275.00t'rn0rth. FirIII1aII1/4 .IM· lJIa .... 
1818. (10(10-1OJ13) 

Large. quilt 3 bedroom. 2 btIh in 0.-
HigIlIrdI ,..,. UTC, RedIad, pooI. lIund!y. 
548-1753. (IOJIO) 

WNCSD, Huge MM1If Bedroom with bIIcony 
In La .lola VIIIIIge TtnnII Club. A'IIIIIItIII 
~. I-INMd pool. jacuzzi. 
hpIIct. giert-ec:reen TV. at... willi nui*\, 
railing 7 ~ old daugIWr, reillnga .... 
end guioN pig. Slew 85IHl878 (10110) 

LAAGE snJDlO Solana IIaacti • LMng ArM. 
bedroom, belli, priYIII tmenoe. Near 8Nch. 
S375+lAiII. 7~702. Non-ItIIOker. (10(6.10( 
10) 

HugeIlldroOtnll*h, own phorw, CIbIa. CIfPOII, 
3-bedroom cando ~ MillIon BIIy. 1425.00. 
11101 . 278-11708. (10(6.10(10) 

La JoIII '. U. T.C. Luxury, 1jI8CIouI. condo 1 Sr. 
1 BA, lull HCurity. pool. lacuzzl . 11I11III. 
diIIIwaIIier.~,~per1dng. 
ca.toil lhopl. ca.IOUCSO. $700.00285-
7108. (10(6.10110) 

Room: Coumry lilting. beautiful views, 
peacefU. $100+ch0ra1111egg~ 
be euy-going. quilt end likellnimlll, Nodrugl. 
15 milo UCSO. 678-8280. (l0(3.tO(IO) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOMEI 000'1 throw ra" 
dollars. Near UCSO 1 bnI $80,0001+ 3 brds 
$140.000+ & luxwy homaI. EeIy financing. 
Fordilool.n._ADinUCSDSludentlFacuIIy/ 
SIal! 0ir8c10ry baCk page 5. Free Info ReMAX 
Jud~h HADDOX 275·2618. (10/3-10(27) 

F Roommate wanted to share lulCury Solana 
Beach 2 badroom 2 1/2 baIIi fumllhed condo In 
beachfront complex. Underground pkg .. tannis. 
pools, and jacuzzi. MoatlAillliel paid. $800. 
552-3495 ext. 1 07. (9,'211-10(31) 

CHEAP LIVING Clean 2 bedrooml2 beth 
CONOO N.Clairamort. 5 min to campul $8501 
mo. ALL UTILITIES INCLUDEDI 270-3532 
Leave mtBI8(Ie (9128-10/10) 

ConcIo-Room to rent. 5320 + depoIit + 1/4 
utilitlM. AYIiI1011 . Todd 534-1 142. Near UTC. 
Na IIIiOkeIno drink. (W28-1 0(1 0) 

MISSION BEACH 2BR, 2BA. fImIIIId. on 
BoIIrdwIIIk, oce.1 vtew. 2 car per1dng, Il15O-
1150. ~ 1457 or .... 13115. (IIr'2O-10i13) 

1 Bectoam. view. nlUlrll ooIorI; 18ImI; WIIIk to 
UCSO.1hopping + 1ICIrty, .".III82-'lS11 
VIM Il10.000 (IWO-l 0(1 0) 

F'IPLO) 'lEY!' 

for mora infDrmItion. 554·7240. SubjactI 
rWnIMnICI. (10(10-12/1) 

WORK PART TIME, GET FULL TIME 
SALARIES bV working for a netlOn wide 
tel8communlcellOn comPiny. InformetlOn 
IIIIIIon WedI.-Iay Octobtr 121rom 10-11 am 
In !lie c..r ServIcaI Center Roome 103 
&104. SIudenII. _. 1NIdIerI, . . ... II 
weIcomel Don~ mill thII opporIuniIyt RSVP 
B-8121 (IOJIO) 

s.cretery pert time • typing/driving for 
aongwriIer. poIIIJIe 1rM. LMve mIIIIgI 
AIm S1IIlIy FoundIIIon 481-3815. (10(1()'10( 
13) 

PM! Menegernent InIernIhIp • Be trlllned In 
lTIIIkettng ....... IrwerfieYt1lig, 1IIOI1YII1on, 
aJIIomar reIIiIionI, etc. Eern mlrirrun2.5OOto 
10K rnenegIng a brIncIi rI IlUdent WIllIe. 
painting. Moll hiring" be oornpIIIe bV Nov lor 
~ poIiIIOnI. c.I (100) 384.eooo 
tOr inbmItIOn. (1 0(1()'12/1) 

NEED EXTRA CASH?I Fun & FltidtJIe· per1ect 
for IIuderD or enyoneI Looking lor poeIIlve. 
lIIOIiY.led people 10 help our netlOnelly 
8IIp8I1dMI t..mI FIT Of PIT dmIIId Incane 
poIan\IIiII 877-8435 for appoIoilmenl. (10(1(). 
10(13) 

I..ooIdng lor ItIIntIve btIJy·lltlarlormy 15mont1i 
old boy dImg !lie WMkdey morningI. 16 per 
nour 7112·7381 . (10(10-10(13) 

ee-I caM nHda ~ htlp. Apply In parson 
RenaIIaanct Towne Cantre. 453·9252. (10(6-
10/10) 

CHILO CARE: Part-time CIIetaktr for 4-mo old 

I 

274·1455 

1IMCIId. FIaxIIIe houri t.tw.I~. It 
UCSO Of In C1InmonI hDmI. 272-Ge1 (10( 
8-10(10) 

8emInI'. cain La Jolla t.1ooIdng for c:ourwer 
end Iood prep help. FlexitM IhIIII .vaIabIe. 
Mutt be ....... AWt In pIrIOII. 75150 Fey 
Ave. ~13. AlIt for 1aebeI. (1018-10117) 

LOSEWEIGHTl FeelgrNII ........ moneyt 
For .... ~ .. rnatiorl, eel l.aoo..teo-FAST. 
Then cell 818-488-4884. Ut. Exlenlion 
InIIma1IoneI 0IIIrIbuIDr. (1013-10120) 

UniverIiIy CenIIr hal --' openingI for 
1tUdent~11I1~. Per1T1meJob. fIexitM 
hoUri (dep IHfwrad) .. an Enrollment 
CounHlOr for KIipIIn Tilt Prep. $8,Ihr + 

~ 2n~744. (llfS-l011O) 

INTERNAllONALEMPLOYMENT-Mlkaup 
to 12,OOO·S4.000+/mo. t.achlng ba.ic 
OOIMI.doliel EngIiIh In JIpen. Taiwen, Of 
S. K.oIM. No INChing background or Alien 
IanguegeI NqUHd. For Info. eel: (206) 832· 

11~ ext. Jll8781 (1112&-10(20) 

CRUlBESHIPSHI"NG-&rn uplO 12.000+/ 
mo. on CNiIe Shipeor lind-Teu' oompenIH. SeaaoMI. FuI-TIme emploJl •• ,t aveIImJIe. 
No up neell_Y. For Info. cell 1-20&634-
0488 ext cee761 . (8i2O-10120) 
Held CeIh? Donino'. PIza II now hiring. 
Bacome a pert 01 the worId'l IargIIt pizzi 
delivery cornpeny. DrivefI cen eern up to 
112.00Ihr., mull be 18, wIIh veIicI driver'. 
1icInII. inIured YIhIcte, good driving nICOId. 
Stop by eu' La Jolla 1IOnt. 3211 Holiday' Ct., 
after 11am or eel 452-6273. EOE. (W2O-10/ 
31) 

It EARN EXTRA CASH It Be a bIood,I 
plasma donor. PYRAMID BIOLOGY CORP 
San Diego 2118-4011 . San Ylidro 690-4434 
(9(20·12/1 ) 

jesus $/lid ""10 blm. "J 11111 /be '"'Y, /be 
II'UIb and /be 11ft: flO _ cometh UIIJo 

/be FaIMr, but by rIW . • ·lIoIoor 1:37 

JOB 
P'PORTUNITIES 

AVAILABLE! 
Top companies are now interviewing 
liberal arts and technical majors for 
professional career positions. 

COME TO CAREER SERVICES 
CENTER NOW TO SIGN UP. 

......." Oetober 10, 19M 

10!:""\11 

OREIOFlWAAE · ~Iar""" for 120 . very ....... ......., • IIiI*1D 
~ ORE ... DIe DIe 7IUI1~ 

(I~O-IM3) 

MOTOR SCOOTER· Honda 8pM 1117.-
mill In ... 8 yNII. 1278.00. 45H7II. 
(10(10) 

DEIIK·3n.r..1IIg. NalprIIy, ~ ... ady 
end .. hold I11III. $30. CII .... l . (10(10) 

I. 0IdI ec.- CIlIa WIgon. BU. 3.CIW. 
... mIIM, "5OClfo11o, ~I.01f8:! Jeff. (10(10-
10120) 

DRYER. Gel WhkIpooI. ,.. ignition, worIiI 
grail. FnI.,50(CMh) ..... l552.QlO2. (101 
10) 

Fill .... for .. . MtdUn, 5'&-5'11 (155-
170 "). C111548-038II, m my. UIId twIcI. (IClf 
1()'1W13) 

.. Honda I~ 500. ConI willi rwbUtI 
engine , r.e full 1aIr1ng. helmet & .xtre 
CIIbInIor. 11350. 45&-4IIIClO eIIt 221. (10(10) 

GrlpNngC8lculelor1m.e118O.00. TI.a518O( 
abo on boIIi, ....,. n--. 0 !laU03O. No 
InIIrucIIon books on botti. (10(10-10(13) 

SmIti Corona Word f'I'ocIIIOt • dIctIoIwy. 
88,000 1IieIuuI. 1pINiIIhMt. word 00An/ 
.-cIi. dIIk-drlve, typewrhr mode. menyother 
....... 1220. 7112·21163. (10(10-10(17) 

86 Toyole PIU. AebuII engInI. ,.. cIutdI. 4 
cylinder. 4 1pMd. ddIng ,.. window. tniIer 
1IIICI'i. 125OOiOtIO. 452-6481. (10(10-1Clf13) 

FOR SALEI WI*- Clay bed willi .... bed 
knobs. In perfKt cond.lon. Only $301 If 
inIINIItd. celllil5&-7007. (1M-1OJI3) 

MecintCllli CCIITIpIAar, 4 Me RAM. eo MB HIird 
DrIve. toni 0I1Oftwer8, I.ad very II1II1650. 
StyIIWriIer 111200, ca11450-8815. (10(6.10(10) 

Yamaha R8X35O ball with limIIad IIItime 
-rarcv and crate ax·25 amp w/Wrlrrd:f on 
etec: '\11 '87: $270 call ChIlI 452-6404. (10(6.10( 
10) 

KING SIZE BED AND FRAMES. Good 
condition. Need 10 _ ASN'. 17Clfobo. Cal 
453·2682. (10(3·10(10) 

El[ANOR ROOSEV[lT COLLEGE 

oaS\1\Ol\S,.". '" ." ".'. {' " /:.tJ~~". a\lt~ . 1~I EANO"".'~ 
ll.<.'()iEVHT : 

Treasurer COllh; E ... ,; 
SAlC Rep \~ , ~": ; 

" " . ~ .. 

Fr .• Jr .• Sr. Selllblrs 
Commissioner of Res, Ufe 
Commissioner of C.O.R.L 

APPlICAnOIS lvailable 
MONDAY, OCT. 3 
In the Dun's Office 

AppIleltions due OCT. 13 

. , . ... ~ 

..... y,OctoberlO, 19M 

lWIn ....... e. -V-'*I. GIWII CXIIdIanII8Clfobo. 1 •. In. 8ICO 100 
booIcI for oIiIIIpI •. (lotJ.1W8) GUIIir ..... "'--10 .... On cempuI or off, with .xperlenc.d, patient, and 

IincMIadaIIbIt 1nIIIuca. UC greduIIIe. 0-. 
211).1241. (W» 10(13) 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

,....JIIIII--......... ..-... 
..... , ................ In • UCID 

~'I ..... _= ...... 
_11_,.1'11'1' oI.w-
....... (10(10) 

... ..-dIor.:a::::cI .. eIIcU. If wou .... p......... . "--t, 
II rua ......... 011 8crWI ~ 
for mora 1nfIInnIIIon. 1184·7240. Bubjec:tI 
rWIIIIInad. (1 0(1()'1211) 

FIe CIIr1I, .--IIme In La Jolla I.ft 1Irm. 210 3 
deyI • ..... hrIIn flexible. Held good 
or':::Dllon and typing .klll., work 
• ~.""""""". F .. ,....IO 
551-2181 . AIin: MIry. (10(10) 

.. VW FOX GL 4 NIw TIrII, ........ up. 
&cIIInI condition. 13,4&0. CellleIIe .. 58C). 

1070ext.l~ (WS-l(Vl3) 

SMITH CORONA Word PIOOIIIOt PWP38OO, 
... ,... "10 Of bill oIIr. Ii3&-4246 ...,. 

P.ycholOgl.l-Allen. culturllily .. 1IIt1v1. • -----------
,........,end~00IICIIIII.8IIIdIty. IAIHA,. We mil CiUIIIdI bIockbill1er video. 
...... ~ IIIIng diIoRIIfI. eddIcIIonI. Dr. c.I me. l'llhow you La JoIIL Maybe -. go 
KIlcIiIyeI22-0221 . PSY 14052. (WS-1ClfI3) lying? -EdwMI. (10(10) 

. . , 

""1-:1:\ ICI:~ 
T~ IIMoeforlludlnlaolUCSO. HkIueIIIY 
300 dpl Ie .. r output Fait. accur.i •• , 
lICOIiIIIIIIc:IoI. Only 13.1115 per page (2 page 
"**"",,) . .... 1115 __ PIlOt. CII: 457-3582 
or F.a 10 457-3II1II. L.DCIIIad ,.. UTC. 24 hr 
voIcI mellInI: -..ao7. (10(10) 

FIll ciIIII. ...... In Le Jolla law firm. 210 3 
deyI • _k. hQurI flexible. Need good 
organlz.tlon.1 .nd Iyplng .klll.. work 
iidlpllidMly . .IInor prwfIrM. Fa_to 
551·2181 . AIIn: MeIy. (10(10) 

Modell. dIncera of ...... 1IhriIc bai::IIgru\nI. 
we nMd IfIIIIuIIMtlc men and ~ lor 
merIII1Ing ad In a 01'. oIIIce. fl77·21177 (10110-
10(20) 

Child c.ra needed for 7·monlh old. 
ApprOIdmIIeIy 15-20 In/Wk. fIeldbIe. Near 
Mall HouIing. SIiIery negotiIbIe. 558-28111. 
(10(10-10(13) 

UCSO MEDICAL CENTER II Hiler_ naecII 
h8aIhy voIunIeerI ... 1810 50. for a 2 hru 

'E~ Study.' 110 pIuI PIf1dng wit be 
prtMdad. Cal PIIIIe II 543-2314. (10(10·11/ 
28) 

Na phorw • CaIIng carda. No ... chatges, 6-
aacond incramentaI billing. IowIIt rat ... For 

AIRlINE FLIGHT ATTENDANT JOBS. New 
book ,...,.... ....... how. UpdIIad end 
~. l.aoo.7.fUGHT. (IIr'2O-1Clf24) 

MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION, conUIIng end 
1nIIAIIHhoaIi'll. IndIvIduII Of group ...",. 
FIexIIIIe hoIn. ..... 7112-8122 (W»IOJI7) 

WOAD PROCESSING SERVICES Anv liz. 
job. enr 1ype rI job. CII CeroI ~1""'. (IIr'2O-
12/1) 

WRITINCI PII08I.!II? Praf ... IDI. wrtIer ... 
3110 publlclitlDnCfldllaotferlllhlcel 11111 ... 
will enyWlllng proJact. Nto~, 
editing, 1I*IrIrG. crIIquq, lie. Over 25 ytarI 
acedamIc txperIenoI. BIi DeI!NY __ 1841 . 
(W2O-1/11) . 

VIoIIrv'VIoIa lIIIonI. Adulll end children can 
lelmfrom anbplritriCld, pooflllioo .taechIIr. 
Now acoepting 1IUde,.. - all IG"/IIV8II 
MIcomeI Conrad: 486-0525. (IIr'2O-10/24) 

CREDIT REPAIII Heve bad CI8dt? Fix your 
cradIt IagaIyt ..... InIormIIIIon padIat. Laave 
nema .nd addr... on machine or with 

~.122·1882 (W2().12/1) 

\\\\'1'1-:1) 
WenlfIII--.QaduIIe Student without a car. Will 
pay $40.00 for 1 hru 01 your lime. AIle for CIIIf. 
458-<4248. (10(6.10113) 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
VERDE 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

(AR.WASH ~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUAWATER 

"'~UCSD I 
I! LI 010111 Ylllilla Dr. UTe I ~ J J~h'Dr. ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEt,L GASOLINE,. DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICE' 
----------------------! IIlf Full Service $ 99 

: ~?~~~P!!!A§!3 ... -
I C.'\R WASH Not.dId .... eny oller ollar. SAVE 14.28 I 
I ElIpiw 11/251114 ~-~~---~-----------------

JEFF L . IIwve 'dMIgnIng eyM'lor you. lIM. 
AnnItIe. (10(10) 

Hey ~ • Sony IIbout the .... FIRE IhII 
bumad dowilyour IIII .~. 011 ... (emllal. 
Hope tIiIngI are running a ... oooItr IhII time 
wound. Tiki cere & hope to _ you 1000. Soy 
hi to Nik. OK LIMt. only mel (S.A.M.) (10110) 

HI Mary S., LIMt TM .. (10(10) 

HI VII·VII. Hug & KIIIM .• 1/2 ..... (lClf10) 
DI.covlr Iha my.ttry of your romantic 

~.~dIIaIaad: 1ove.-.afIocIIon. 
~ ....... MadI. SInd your & your 
1NIIe', IiIr1Ii & CIIIIII1I _. bir1hdItaI, to: T. 
BaIllIe. PO BOX 1011, LaJolll, 112038. lUI. 15 
pIOII. ~ reepcne, (10(6.1Clf13) 

LO~T \\ n 1"01 \ I) 

INDOOR ROCK CLIMBING 
ITS NOT JUST ANOTHER GYM 

-IT'S AN 
ADVENTURE! 

SOUTHERN 

CALIFORNIA'S 

SQ. FEET OF 

TUTURED 

CLIMBING 

SURFACE 

DPSTRPBUTION AVE. 
(01'1' IMA/IWt RD.) 

TEl.: 516-7572 
FAX: SI6-OlI3 

If 1l:Jt.1WI. ... " 
_IN 

5 Y RAe USE A B R 0 A D 

LookIng for a ,oocI exchange rate to 
study abroad next 881118ste'" 

1.71 8M ...... -t1,IOO ............ 1.10 8M ...... -.,000 ........... 11 
...,...................................... . 
Syracuse UnJwrsIty sponsors study abroad sites In 
~ •••• ,ha~ LI.~ •• ,~.nd ~,ZJmbabwe 

• ....... Spain ... • •• 8'" France 
SU credit - field trlPI/T~ ....... -1IUrNh1pa - Study for • semester, year or summer 

. eour... t8ufIt In ~ Ind In holt country ....... 
SYRACUSI UNIVIRSITY 

DMIION " ----...... _ ~ -118 EuoIIcIMnue, .".,.., New York 13244-4170 
lao.2»l472.315 4 4101471 

CJJlSSI~S 17 . 

GlASSES & : CONTACT 
EXAM I LENSES 
COMPLEn< $99: !!:: $89 

CA SEl.£CTIOII . CR·» • $V I 
EliP. 121250'94 I DAILY WEAR. SELECT L£NSES EXP. 1212!W4. 

--------------------

CHANGE YOUR EYES TO A 
NEW AND EXCITING 

c otPv. $149 ~~SIONS 
COLORED LENSES • • NCLUDES EXAM. 

CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT OR JUST WALK IN . OPEN 7 DAYS. 

LOCATED IN THE UTe MALL (NEXT TO NORDSTROM) 
455-1052 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES a 60's, 70's, & MORE t FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COO STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
____ -wPEN 7 DAYS a 222·0220, ____ ...... 

IOHBll ,. 18UBSBll 
.\'81 S'EC\llS 

are back 
at 

ITALIAN 
RESTAURANT 

II MONDAYS THuRsDAYS III 
All You Can Eat 5 12" . $6 
Pub, Siuce, "Brud $ Pizzas ...... .. 
DIlring tlrt grtmt 14" Pizzas ...... 11 $8 

. 60-oz. PITCHERS 
....... uollnesnc $3 Ales & Lager $5 

792-7521 145 S. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 



. ' 

18 SPORTS 

Hou ... 
MvnJay. F,teU, & 
~1\.Irday-9am-6pm 

TlKioIby. \l'c-dnoday 3{ 
Thunoday-9;am-8pm 

8843 Villa La Joll. Dr., 
La Jolla Vi llage Cent., 
(Ncar Ralph. & 5.wn) 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

A Style From YOUNG 
ATTITUDES and This Ad! 

Men's CutS ........... $4 OFF 
(Reg.21.00) 

Women's Cuts ...... $5 OFF 
(Reg.2G.OO) 

Fo~PL 457.3334 

The world '" I.H~e<;1 <;hulenl ,1I1d ~oulh Ir.1,(' 1 o rC:,1I1I1 ,llron . 

800-777-0112 ST/j STA TRAVEL 
r--:--------- --, 

r - - liiI!@ilid@!IDit'MUUj'dthifl - --, 
: $35 COMPLETE EYE EXAM : 
I For glasses • Includes check for I 
I glaucoma and cataracts WIll COUponlnclsludent l I ______ _ _______ ~~.~. ~/3I94_~.J 
r COMPLETE r Dall, Extended Disposables I I I Wear Wear C.plat8 I 
I PACKAGE I Complete Complete 24 hct I 
: $ pro 0-2 ~aques : $89* $109* $169*: 
I 149 ..... I WIllI COUIIOI' IIIdItUCllftlID "'\'t. IIICIUCIII compIIII. ~, IlIirIO. I foIow.lIII cart. CIIII kit Near siglllld Ax ontv. 0IIw rIIIjo< brIads 

~ "'"'_""'~. '1/3IM. I Inslock. e.. 1113114. ....J 
- ExtraThl;-lt1q~';Jlili'I;I'- RaplacllllfJllt , -

I $35 I DIsr::bIBl I 
IDalIy"- I ,.. * I 

$59* i~ $40: !!L .. i 
I L ___ ~I~:...-L!!~~~~...J_~~~~~...J 
I 
I 'w 
I "VIe rake 'bel:: and explain." 
I I ........ ,,~~ Dr. lick SELBY, 0.0. 
I 6780 Miramar Rd. 578·6796 
L ________ !..~~.!!.'!~~~·!.... __ .J 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

V-BAI,L: UCSD 
endures two losses in 
rough weekend set 
Coft!InuecIhn .... 20 
strugIed to keep pKe with San Ber-
nardino offensively in a IS-8 lea, 
which put them OD the verge of their 
second straight defeat. The fourth 
and final game of the contest was 
won by San Bernardino, 1S-9, to 
close out the match by a three-
games-to-one soore. 

"We fought harder and played a 
lot better [than against Westmont]," 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik said. 
"The fire was there, we just didn't 
execute." 

UCSD's offense was paced by 
sophomore middle blocker Ouistine 
Chi who banged down 14 kills in the 
match to go along with her six 
blocks. Jenn Cross also played well 
from the middle blocking position, 
tallying 10 kills and a .364 hitting 
percentage. 

"[Chi] has really stood out the 
past couple matches," Dannevik 
said. Chi '5 stellar play in the middle 
highlights her own talent as well as 
the Tritons recent inability to get 
offense from the outside. 

"With [Crochet) out, some play-
ers are trying to do too much to make 
up for it," Dannevik said. 

"When we play Division II 
teams, it exposes some of our weak-
nesses," he added. "But I think that 
it's good for us to play Pivision II 
teams and find out what we need to 
work on, [rather] than to play Divi-
sion III teams and win easy." 

It was an NAIA opponent rather 
than a Division II foe that dealt the 
Tritons a Friday evening defeat at the 
Main Gym. Westmont College sub-
dued UCSD in four sets after drop-
ping the first game. 

In an opening set which closely 
resembled the first game against 
CSUSB, the Tritons and Warriors 
battled to a IS-IS deadlock late in 
the game. W'Jen senior standout 

POLO: Water 
polo barely misses 
upset ofUCI 
ContInued from pace 20 
sophomore Craig Watson. Watson 
weaved the ball between the defense 
down the entire length of the pool 
before slamming it past Triton goalie 
Joe Welsh. 

It looked as ifthe half wou Id end 
in a 2-2 juggernaut, but with just 12 
seconds remaining, Skillen came 
through once again. He froze Ant-
eater goalie Jeremy Storton in the 
water as he lobbed in a two-point 
goal. 

Harper called it, "An awesome 
shot at an awesome time." The score 
vaulted UCSD to almost insur-
mountable 4-2 advantage. 

Mo.day, Oetober 10,1994 

CIIuck NManI GuInIen 
Julie "-rve, ...... In for the Idll • Christine Chi (13) .. JennIfer 
ScIIofIeId (11) look on In a lou to w.tmont on FrIUy nllM. 
Julie Harvey made a big dig off a 
solidly hit ball, and Cross pounded 
down a quick set from Jennifer 
Schofield, UCSD was within a point 
of winning the game. 

Westmont rebounded to take a 
17-16 lead, and Biesheuvel saved the 
game for the Tritons with a nifty dink 
put-away which allowed UCSD to 
come back to win the game. A hus-
tling Madelyn Ripken chased a ball 
off the court and played it back to 
Harvey who bumped it over. The 
Tritons then stuffed a Warrior hitter 
to take the game, 19-17. 

The second game was dominated 
by Westmont early 00 as it sprinted 

The Tritons kept the pressure on 
during the third quarter when senior 
Michael Yallech finished off an im-
pressive passing display with a goal 
that put his team up by three. 

After spreading the Anteater de-
fense around with several quick 
passes, senior Gregory Salvinski 
dumped the ball into Yallech, who 
slammed it straight in from three 
meters out. 

But the Tritons were unable to 
maintain the three·goal margin. By 
the end of the third quarter, UCI sur-
prisingly closed in with a goal by 
freshman Ryan Bailey. Sophomore 
Ofer Horn then chopped UCSD's 
lead to merely a single goal with 
only 34 seconds into the fourth quar-
ter. 

The Anteaters got their equalizer, 
pulling out all the stops with 3:05 

• 

to a 12-S advantage before UCSD 
gained itsromposure to close within 
14-11. The Warriors fi.nished out the 
game, however, quickly grabbing a 
2-1 lead in the match with a IS-I 
thrashing of the Tritons in game 
three. 

Westmont once again jumped to 
the early lead in game four, taking a 
commanding 7-0 lead before UCSD 
knew what had happened. The War-
riors took the game IS·S, to win the 
match. 

.. Nothing we did tonight 
worked; Dannevik said. "Our pass-
ing broke down, we didn't play very 
smart. It was just ugly." 

remaining. They completed their 
comeback by taking the lead with 
only 2:03 remaining in the gripping 
contest, after sophomore Omar Amr 
forcefully drilled home the game· 
winner. 

The game ended after a contro-
versial no<all by the referee with 22 
seconds to play.1be foul would have 
given the Tritona an opportunity to 
tie the game on a free shot. Harper 
said that, "even people with a mar· 
ginal understanding of the game 
knew it should have been a penalty 
shot. " 

Harper also said the Tritons' fail-
ure to capitalize with a one-player 
advantage was another key nason 
for the heartbreaking loss. ..It was 
not a good six-on-five game. We had 
one when we were up two goals, and 
we could've won it right there. A 
three goal lead would have clinched 
it," Harper said. 

Despite the fairly disappointing 
lou, the Triton players tried to fo-
CUI on their marked improvement 
"[We] played really weD, and we've 
improved a lot u a whole," said 
freshman p1ie Joe Welsh. 

"[Va] would have crushed III at 
the begiJming of the year," Harper 
said. "We played really hard, and 
we're improvina tremendouaIy wilh 
each pme.-

DeIpite their rapidly improvill8 
play, the TriIO" fell to 5·16 with the 
defeat. The 1CheduIe~·t .. any 
euier for UCSD wilen it playa, at 
NAlAAMa hcificCollep on Oct. 
14, and at Lona BeIcII s.... _ Oct. 
U. 

. . Monday; october 10,1994 -The UCSD Guardian 19 

N ewsFlashes 

S.A.V.E. 
STUDENTS ARE VOTING EVERYWHERE 
In the past two weeks, more than 1500 
UCSD students have registered to vote 
in the November election. If you aren't 
included in these numbers, come reg-
ister at the A.S. offices on the 3rd floor 
of the Price Center or call 1-800-345-
VOTE before 3pm today (Man, Oct 10). 
DON'T WALK, RUN To A.S'! 
The deadline for the following pOSitions 
is this Friday, October 15th! Come by 
our offices on the 3rd floor of the Price 
Center or call 534-4450 for more info.lf 
nothing below strikes you, ask about 
other openings. All positions vary in time 
commitments SO that each and every 
one of you has the chance to get in-
volved! 

-CommiSSioner of Communications 
- Winter Festival Chair 
- Sun God Festival Chair 
- Campus Office Director 
- Lobby Director 
- ASUCSD Elections Manager 
- Editor-in·Chief 
- Events Manager 
- Programming Office Volunteers 
• Campus·Wide Comminee Reps. 

A.S. FILM DIRECTOR 
Are you interested in overseeing the 
Tuesday & Thursday night movies? 
Come to the A.S. offices on the 3rd floor 
of the Price Center to apply. 

REPRESENT UC STUDENTS TO THE 
UC REGENTS 
If this sounds like your calling, pick up 
an application attheA.S. offices, EDNA, 
your College Dean's office, the School 
of Medicine Student Affairs office, the 
Chancellor's office, or the Graduate Stu-
dent office. Hurry because the com-
pleted applications are due Nov. 4th. 

SHOPPING SHUTTLE 
Mondays & Thursdays; 
7pm: arrive at Marshall 
7:05: arrive at Muir 
7:10: arrive at Revelle 
7:15: depart for Albertson's 
7:30: arrive at Albertson's 
7:45: arrive at Warren 
7:50: arrive at Roosevelt 
7:55: depart for Albertson's 
8: 1 0: arrive at Albertson's 
8: 15: depart for Marshall.Muir, Revelle 
8:30: arrive at Revelle 
8:35: arrive at Muir 
8:40: arrive at Marshall 
8:55: arrive at Albertson's 
9:00: depart for Warren, Roosevelt 
9:15: arrive at Warren, 
9:20: arrive at Roosevelt 
caJl the A.S. offices at 534-4450 for the 
specific pick-up location at your college. 

PRE-MED CLUB 
Get involved with the Physician-Student 
Mentorship Orientation. Students may 
sign up to be paired with physicians from 
the San Diego Medical Society as men-
tors. Students may also sign up for club 
membership, if they have not done so. 
Tuesday, October 11 at 7:00 pm 
Davis/Riverside Room in Price Center. 
SHABBAT SERVICES & DINNER 
United Jewish Observance welcomes 
you to join us. Sign up by Wednesday, 
October 12th in Chai Point on the 3rd 
floor of the Price Center (room 3.307). 
Friday, October 14 at 6pm 
International Center. 
Questions? Call 534-6244. 
MECHA: D,scuss PROP. 187 
All faculty, staff, students, & community 
residents are invited to th is discussion 
in order to educate ourselves on the 
negative impact surrounding Prop. 187! 
Monday, October 10 at 5:00 pm 
Price Cen~er Theatre 
FIGHT FOR STUDENT RIGHTSI 
Want to help represent students in cases 
against the administration, housing ser-
vices, or campus police? The AS. is 
looking for abitious, hard workers to work 
at the Student Advocate's office. Apply 
on the 3rd floor of the Price Center. Call 
Simran at 534-0476 for more info. 
MAKE AN ACADEMIC ADJUSTMENT 
The A.S. Academic Affairs office has 
many positions available. Represent 
UCSD students' academic concerns! 
Call Dave at 534-4450 for more info. 
There is also a paid position as Aca-
demic Affairs Project Coordinator ($30 
week) . Inquire at the A.S. offices. 

FINANCE OPPORTUNITY 
There are paid & volunteer positions 
available in the A.S. Finance office. 

If you are interested in becoming 
Income Manager or a Financial Assis-
tant, come to AS. offices to apply. 

If you are interested in being a repre-
sentative on the Student Org. Finance 
Board or the Cultural Programming Fi-
nance Board, visit your College Coun-
cil to apply to represent your college. 

BALLROOM WELCOME DANCE 
Help the UCSD 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE CAN 
BRIGHTEN YOUR FUTURE 
Come find out how you can apply for 
one of over 750 internships, regardless 
of your GPA, major, or class level. Leam 
to enhance your resume & interview 
skills by participating in an internship. 
AS.1.0 (A.S. Internship Office) 
Information night on 
Monday, October 10 at 7pm in the 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz room on the 
2nd floor of the Price Center. 
Questions? Call 534-4689 
THERE Is No GETTING AROUND IT-
S o DEAL WITH IT! 
Student Leadership & Opportunities 
(SOLO) will help you learn how to solve 
problems & effectively contribute suc-
cess to your organization. It will not only 
help your organization, but will also help 
your life. 
Wednesday, October 19th 
7:00-8:00pm in the 
Price Center, Gallery B. 
Questions? Call 534-
0501 
CREATE A CONSTITUTION 
If you are interested in 
writing a Constitution for 
the AS. Constitutional 
Convention (to be held 
mid-Fall quarter) , start 
your's NOW! Drafts must 
be submitted before the 
Convention begins. Keep 
an eye here for more info. 

MUIR COllEGE COUNCIL 
Representative democ-
racy fails meserably with-
out YOU. Make a differ-
ence & be heard! 
Mondays at 9pm in 
Half-Dome Lounge. 
Ques ti on s?E- ma il 
europe@ucsd.edu. 
MUIR 
COMMUTERS 
We rule and so can you. 
Drop by our humble 
abode Wednesdays at 
4pm inHalf-Dome Lounge 
Quest i ons?E - mail 
eur.ope@ucsd.edu. 

Ballroom Dance 
Club kick off the 
new school year! 
Everyone's wel-
come: begin-
ners, experts, & 
all levels in be-
tween . Begin -
ning lessons will 

!HE VOLUNTEER koNNECTJQN 

be held at 
7:15pm. We 
have new music, 
the event is 
FREE, & no date 
is required. 
What more 
could you ask 
for? 
Questions? Call -
558-3669 

If you are interested in: the elderly, wild-
Iife/environment,AIDS,hunger & homelessness, 
women 's issues. and more. Come by Volunteer 
Connection and join a specific organization, lead 
one, or form one of your own! 

If you are interested in demonstrating 
chemistry experiments to children in their class-
rooms, be an instrumental part ofthis new orga-
nization! Ask for Darren or Molly. 

Are you interested in volunteering in the 
health field? Meet with other interested students, 
help form an organization, & volunteer. Info: 

Thursday, October 13, 4:oo-5:00pm 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz room, 
2nd floor of the Price Center. 

Also: Heath Services Volunteer Fair on Wed., 
October 19, 1 Oam-12pm in Price Center Plaza. 

~-------------------I N\llagro Baan Cotrp:cry: AS. T~ 
Talk to representatives from hospitals & 

health organizations that need your help! Does 
your organization need a group service activ-
ity? We have plenty- let's work together to find 
one that Is right for your groupl Talk to Molly. I Q.y ona CIr"ttraa ;rd gat thil2hd al8 for V2 pIic:QI 

I Corne for the ASl..CSD q>ecial and ~tay for t:he 
I fiflQ "'rport:.9d bee~ fI/G9 0 9aan cat Pi' y b-
I cat:ed next: to Ber£.Jerry'~ on Qagt!nf:~ Road. 

Take an active role in life by Volunteer-
ing I For more info on any of our programs, call 
534-1414 or stop by our office on the 2nd floor 
of the Price Center. L Pr~ f:M: cOLfXJf'i W-/l;Cg() ,*udQnt LD. 

-------------------...... ---------______ ..J 

ISRAEL ACTtON COMMITTEE & SAN 
DIEGO PUBUC AFFAIRS COMMITTEE 
The 2 UCSD student organizations for 
Israel team up for a full coverage up-
date meeting of current events and plan-
ning for cultural celebrations. 
Wednesday, October 12th at 6: 15pm 
San FranCisco/Santa Cruz room on the " 
2nd floor of the Price Center. 
Questions? Call Chai Point @ 534-6244 

KOREAN-AMERICAN CAMPUS MISSION 
Prai3e meeting and Bible study followed 
by fellowsh ip & dinner. 
Tuesday, October 11 th at 6:30 pm in 
Galbraith Hall, room 1402. 
Questions? Call Sam at 587-0170. 

SOCIETY OF WOMEN E NGINEERS 
Come find out about SWE! Officer Elec-
tions & Free Pizza! Everyone is wel-
come (Men too!) . 
Tuesday, October 18 at 6:00pm 
Santa Barbara/l.A. Room Price Center 

tt 

-

-



\ ' 

.' 

20 SPORTS 

~POHT5 HJIIiE 
TEDDLADD 

A Rimonstrous 
Mistake 

Looking for something just a 
bit puzzling? Need something to 
ponder about? Well, your thirst for 
curiosity might just be quenched 
in a short time now. 

Listen up, kiddies. A new 
building is nearing completion on 
campus that represents the biggest 
question mark in UCSD athletic 
history. And that ain't even the 
start of it. 

You can 't really call this 
mon trosity a blunder. No, 
building a library before realizing 
that it might include a few things 
called "books" is a blunder. Or 
engineering an engineering 
building with narrow doorways so 
that the equipment can' t fit inside. 
Now, that 's a blunder. 

And you can't really call this 
new building a complete waste of 
money, either. It 's not a bunch of 
old, rich men feeding off our 
rising fees so they can retire in 
Palm Springs, tossing down 
tequila shots with Sonny Bono 
every weekend. 

No, supposedly we all voted, 
and all paid - and are still paying 
- for this new, 33.5 milli~n 
dollar, gargantuan structure on the 
north side of campus that could 
house the greater metropolitan 
population of Phoenix, every 
member of the sensational pop-
group UB40 and still have room 
for a pre-1990's Roseanne Barr. 

So what is this concoction of 
glass and steel which provokes 
endless sighs of amazement and 
also endless questions? 

Well, RIMAC be thy name. 
No one really doubts the 

magnificence of the structure. 
With a giggillion square feet of 
space, RIMAC is as unique and 
amazing as the University Library. 
It boasts a 5,OOO-seat arena and 
several gyms. It even seems that 
RlMAC is soundly built. 

But the question remains: Why 
build the darn thing in the first 
place? 

And folks, no one has an answer. 
Ask someone in UCSD administra-
tion about RIMAC, and they ' re 
bound to answer you in jolly, Gomer 
Pyle fashion: "Golly! It sure looks 
mighty purty!" 

Questions just keep popping up. 
I know that money allocation is a 
tricky thing and that, most likely, 
much of the funding for RIMAC 
was slotted only for RIMAe. But 
why cut out one of the most popu-
lar activities at UCSD, physical edu-
cation? Why aren't we spending our 
$70-a-quarter fee on that? 

See RIMAe, Page 12 

The UCSD Guardian 

P RT~ 

Yakov Zolotorev/Guardlan 

Sophomore James Skaalen sets up shop at the two-meter hole-eet position on Saturday. 

Tritons Get Sucked Up 
By Anteaters, 6-5 
KILLER ANTS: UCSD starts out fast, but is unable to maintain its three-
goal advantage in the second half; falls to eighth-ranked UC Irvine 
By Derek Van Hoften 
Staff Writer 

Every member of the Tritons' 
water polo team would agree the 
club has improved markedly since 

WHTER 
-. ' •.... ~.~~ ...•. •. :~~ ~ ... .. ". r., 
lULU 

the begin-
ning of the 
season. But 
every mem-
ber of the 
team would 
also agree 
that im-
provement is 
small conso-
lation for a 
gut-wrench-
ing defeat. 

One e 
again, the Tritons played a solid 
game, but once again they came 
up just a bit short of victory. This 
time they fell victim to the eighth-
ranked Anteaters from UC Irvine, 
6-5, at Canyonview Pool on Sat-
urday afternoon. 

UCI opened the scoring early. 
when junior Matt Maunz banked 
the ball in just 38 seconds into the 
game. UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper had been concerned about 
tile fi rst goal. 

"I knew that the team that 

scored first [would be] in the driver's 
seat. I was very fearful [UCI] would 
score first," Harper said. 

The Tritons did not crumble to 
the pressure, however. 

They responded immediately af-
ter falling behind, scoring on a pen-
alty shot by senior James Skaalen 
just 15 seconds later, to knot the 
score at 1-1. 

Skaalen struck again in the first 
quarter, when he set up junior Steve 
Crass for a powerful shot from three 
meters out. His bullet richocheted in 
with 3:47 remaining, to put UCSD 
ahead 2-1. 

The second quarter was scoreless 
until 1:55 remained, when UCI 
equalized the game with a goal by 

See POLO, Page 18 

Chuck NCuyen/ GuMdlan 
James Skaalen puts UCSD up by two .. time rune out In the half. 

THE WEEK AHEAD INSIDE: 

Women'. Ioccer: 
Tue .• Oct. 11. vs. CSU Fullerton at Fullerton, 7 p.m. 

Women'. VoileyINIIl: 
Wed .• Oct. 12, vs. Cal Lutheran at Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

W. Soccer: 
Westmont and 
UCSD beat 
each other up 
for regulation 
and two OTs 
but still didn't 
determine a 
winner 

Monday, October 10, 1994 

Coyotes 
Hound 
UCSD in 
Four 
STRUGGLES: UCSD 
had its share of prob-
lems this weekend in 
losses to Westmont and 
CSU San Bernardino 
By Dan Kraft 
Sports Co-Editor 

Despite its number-four national 
ranking in Division Ill, the UCSD 
women 's volleyball team (13-5) re-

alizes that it 
needs to be on 
top of its game 
when it faces 
off against 
squads from 
Division 11 and 
the NAIA. 

Unfortu-
nately for the 
Tritons, they 
were not play-
ing up to their 
usually high 

standards during their weekend 
showdowns against Westmont Col-
lege and CSU San Bernardino. And 
they suffered the consequences. 

In its Saturday evening match up 
with San Bernadino, UCSD at-
tempted to rebound from a poorly 
played defeat at the hands of 
Westmont College the previous 
evening. 

UCSD played without outside 
hitter Angelle Crochet for the sec-
ond game in a row. Crochet, who 
was sidelined with a pinched nerve 
in her neck which she suffered in an 
Oct. 5 game against Point Loma, is 
a pivotal part of the Tritons' offen-
sive attack. Junior outside hitter 
Kelly McGlothlin, and sophomores 
Bonnie Kelly and Mieke Biesheuvel 
are filling in until Crochet is healthy 
enough to return to the starting rota-
tion. 

Crochet's absence and a Division 
II opponent were too much for 
UCSD to overcome and it dropped 
the match in four games after open-
ing strongly. 

Game one was a hard-fought 15-
13 tally in favor of UCSD. CSUSB 
came out swinging in game two, 
however, and didn't let up until it had 
pounded out a 15-10 victory to tie 
the match at one game apiece. 

In the third set, the Tritons 
See V-BAU, Page 18 

M.1occer: 
Tritons 
overcome late 
arrival of 
goalkeeper, 
Turner, and 
earn 2-0 
victory over 
Trinity (TX) 


