
ELSEWHERE 

T." Anderson 
...... IdUCD 
DAVIS - Students packed 
UCD's Freeborn Hall on 
Jan. 30 to hear a presenta-
tion by Terry Anderson, 
the Associated Press 
journalist who was held 
hostage for seven years in 
Beirut, Lebanon. Anderson 
warned that students 
should not look for any 
inspirational lessons in his 
talk, and ended by saying, 
"The only thing I can offer 
you is the certain knowl-
edge that anyone can 
survive. Those men did not 
destroy me." 

011 Company Seeks 
To Extend Permit 
SANTA BARBARA-
Citing pipeline difficulties 
caused by the Northridge 
earthquake, Chevron USA 
has filed for an extension 
to continue tankering off 
the Santa Barbara coast, 
despite stating last month 
that it would stop by Feb. 
1. Last year, the California 
Coastal Commission gave 
the oil company permission 
to ship oil from Gaviota to 
Los Angeles while a new 
pipeline was being built. 

Toxlc ...... Slt. 
Ceu_ Concern 
DAVIS - Revelations over 
the past five years that a 
Department of Energy facility 
located on the edge of the 
UCD campus baa emiUed 
radiation and contaminated 
ground water have left nearby 
residents feeling betrayed by 

- both the university and the 
government. One of 4,000 
DOE contaminated sites, the 
UCD facility fed 1,200 
beagles radioactive food and 
irradiated tbem in a 30-year 
study of nuclear fallout. A 
Uet> student who worked at 
the kennels from 1972 to '73 
is now suing the university, 
claiming that she contracted 
cancer while at the facility. 

INSIDE 

CRIME 
OPINION: The "three 
strikes and you're out" 
proposal is a sham 4 

SPORTS: Men's 
volleyball captures its 
first win • 

INDEX 

UCSD BRID'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN. HOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
SPORTS .................................... 9 
ClASSlnlDS ........................... 11 

, H E u 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1994 

WHAT· A RUSH 
CIeddJ Lee, ........ far the c.n.dI ... power trio Ru8II, thrIlle the crowd durlnl Monday 
nICht'. concert lit 0., S.n DIeIo Sporta ANne. For • review, .......... H1. 

ReveRe Student Claims 
Police Harassed Him 
INCIDENT: Student government 
repeats call for review board 
By ErIk Johnaon 
Staff Writer 

A UCSD undergraduate has alleged that a 
UCSD police officer harassed him and pushed 
him while wrongfully evicting him from a 
campus computer lab. The incident marks the 
second time in less than two months that a 
UCSD student has complained of harassment 
by campus police. 

On Jan. 23, Revelle College sophomore 
Abdi Shayesteh entered the computer lab be-
neath SoHs Hall at approximately 1 :30 p.m. to 

work on a project for his Social Science 60 
class. At the time, University Extension Pro-
fessor Al Whitley, who was in the lab assist-
ing three other students, instructed Shayesteh 
to leave. 

Shayesteh told Whitley that he believed he 
had rightful access to the room and continued 
his work. Whitley then told Shayesteh that he 
was calling the police to have him evicted. 

Police Officers Stephanie Martinez and 
Scott Garcia arrived at the lab and instructed 
Shayesteh to leave. Shayesteh told the offic-
ers that he believed he had a right to be in the 
room, and that the misunderstanding could be 

See POUCE, Page 3 

c 

VOLUME 81, ISSUE 12 

New Federal 
Budget May 
Hurt DC 
SPENDING: Clinton plan does 
not provide $2.3 billion Wilson 
requested; university could be hit 
by deeper cuts, higher fees 
By Philip Michaela 
News Editor 

President Clinton's $1.52-trillion budget 
could mean bad news for University of Cali-
fornia students, as the federal spending plan 
provides virtually none of the federal aid that 
Gov. Pete Wilson had counted on in his state 
budget proposal. 

Wilson had asked for $2.3 billion in aid to 
reimburse California for the cost of providing 
services to illegal immigrants. When he re-
leased his state budget proposal last month, 
Wilson ~aid that the $2.3-billion bailout was 
necessary in order to avoid higher taxes and 
deeper cuts in state programs. 

"This budget is deeply disappointing and 
simply unacceptable to the people of Califor-
nia because it fails to consider the costs that 
Californians·- as weJl as taxpayers in Florida, 
Texas, New York, New Jersey, Arizona and 
Illinois - must bear for a failed federal 
policy," Wilson said. 

In January, Wilson proposed a 3.2 percent 
increase in state funding to the University of 
California, the first such increase in four years. 
However, without the $2.3 billion in aid that 
the governor was counting on, the 3.2 percent 
increase could be in jeopardy. 

"This budget would deprive California tax-
payers of needed services because the federal 
government refuses to recognize the costs 
that California will incur to pay for federally-
mandated programs to illegal immigrants," 
Wilson said. 

A spokesman for the UC Office of the 
President declined to comment on the federal 
budget, adding that it was too early to specu-
late on how the UC's budget would be af-
fected. However, at last month's meeting of 
the UC Board of Regents, university officials 
said that Wilson's budget represented a best-
case scenario for the UC system. 

"What you have just heard is the most 
optimistic version of the budget," said Regent 
William Bagley at last month's meeting, add-
ing that the $56 million boost in state funding 
to the university was by no means guaranteed. 

"What you have is a budget that is $3 
See BUDGET, Page 7 

Student Aid Connnission Hit by ShoI1faIl 
., Philp MIc ...... 
N6ws Editor 

A statewide organization re-
sponsible for administering grants 
and financial aid to students at 
California universities and col-
leges inc:luding UCSO will expe-
rience a shortfall of between $3 
million and $9 million this year, 
lCCOIdin, to officials within the 
apney. 

IAWe had a arealer number of 

students accepting Cal Grants tban 
we expected," said Dana Callahan 
of the California Student Aid Com-
mission (CSAq. Callahan added 
that the shortfall was also caused 
by a laraer number of returning 
students renewing theirCaI Grants. 

The exac:t amount of the short-
fall will not be known until the eod 
of the academic year because the 
number of students receivina aid 
varies from quarter to quarter. For 

that reason, some administrators 
within the university's financial 
aid office have expressed optimism 
that CSAC's woes may not be as 
bad as they now appear. 

"My hope is that when they sort 
it all out and the smoke clears, the 
shortfall won't be as big as they 
tbink," said UCSO's Director of 
Student Financial Services Tho-
mas Rutter. 

CSAC's shortfall will not af-

fect this year's Cal Grant recipi-
ents, as the State Department of 
Finance has pledged to cover the 
difference. AccOrding to Rutter, 
CSAC had originally planned to 
cut Cal Grants during the current 
year to meet the shortfall, a plan 
which t~e organization r~ntly 
scrapped. 

"I'm very glad [CSAC) chose 
to carryover the deficit and not do 

See DEFICIT, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

Columnist Criticizes 
Restrictions on Speech 
LEctURER: In week-long visit to campus, Lewis 
addresses war in Bosnia, Clinton's health-care plan 
ay .... BoycWl 
.nd Fl'MClsco DeV,... 
Senior Staff Writers 

New York Times columnist and 
two-time Pulitzer Prize 'winner 
Anthony Lewis addressed an au-
dience of faculty, community 
members and a few students at the 
Price Center Auditorium Wednes-
day night about the . 

on their work and despair." 
During the question and an-

swersession following the speech, 
Lewis became angry with an audi-
ence member who claimed that 
"where there are inequalities, 
equality ofspecch does not exist." 

"That's hokum," Lewis 
snapped. "The First" Amendment 

importance of free _ .... "!"'II. 
is not a guarantee 
of equal ity. It's 
there to keep the 
government's cot-
ton-picking hands 
off of what people 
can say and think." 

speech in the uni-
versity. 

Lewis spoke 
critically of efforts 
in recent years on 
college campuses 
to ban so-called 
hate speech. Para-
phrasing Justice 
Oliver Wendell 
Holmes, Jr., Lewis 
urged the audience 
to "allow the things 
we loathe." 

The history of 
free speech in 
America is not a 
distinguished one, 
Lewissaid. "A self-
confident society 
requires aself-con-
fident people to live 
with the free 
thought that we 
hate," he said. 
"American society 
has displayed not 
confidence, but 
fear of speakers 
whose idea we dis-
agree with." 

Mif we are not 
committed to 
allow what we 
hate, the 
freedom that 
make. this 
country so great 
will be constantly 
at risk. I believe 
the people who 
put equality over 
freedom will look 
on their work and 

Last evening's 
speech was not the 
only appearance 
Lewis made on 
campus this week. 
He also visited 
three political sci-
ence classes on 
Monday and Tues-
day. 

In a one-hour 
discussion with 
students in 
Professor Paul 
Papayoanou's 
U.S . Foreign 
Policy class, Lewis 
strongly criticized 
Presidents Bush 
and Clinton for 
failing to act deci-
sively in the civil 
war taking place in 
what was formerly 
Yugoslavia. 

despair." 
-Anthony Lewis, 

New York Times Columnist Lewis said that 
Throughout the 

history of free speech in America, 
"the forces of repression were on 
political right," Lewis explained. 
"Today, the pressures are coming 
from clements of the left." 

According to Lewis, the new 
opponents of free speech contend 
that the First Amendment must be 
balanced with other values, par-
ticularly equality. Critics say that 
historically oppressed people "will 
be more equal" if certain harmful 
speech is restricted. 

In particular, Lewis took issue 
with such free speech critics as 
Richard Delgado and feminist le-
gal theorist Catherine MacKinnon. 
Delgado has argued that the First 
Amendment serves to the advan-
tage of the dominant in society. 
Lewis called Delgado's assertion 
"historically false" and "politically 
dangerous." 

"If we are not committed to 
allow what we hate," Lewis said, 
"the freedom that makes thiscoun-
try so great will be constantly at 
risk. I 'believe the people who put 
equality over freedom will look 

the United States 
has "dismally, horribly failed ... at 
a price of two million Bosnians 
force'd from their homes and 
200,000 killed." 

In a separate discussion with 
Professor Samuel Kemell's U.S. 
Presidency class, Lewis said that 
Clinton has failed to fulfill his po-
sition as a respected world leader 
because he has insistedon focusing 
almost entirely on domestic issues. 

Turning once again to Bosnia, 
Lewis said that Clinton's plan to 
launch air strikes against the Serbs 
last year was quickly dropped 
when it met NATO resistance. 
Usually the ,United States has al-
most total command over NATO 
decisions, but Qinton "wasn't very 
interested [and therefore did not 
present a strong appeal]," Lewis 
added. 

As for health care, Lewis said 
that while "it's wonderful that 
[Clinton has) raised the issue," he 
has "doubts that it [Ointon' s health 
care plan] can be enacted in its 
present form [because) it's too 
complicated. " 

!III1.(S/) .... JII4~ ......... """-' ...... __ ,..., .. fDf .. _ 
III UCSD .................. 111" __ .", •• ",,,,,,,,,-11 
..,,..... ........ -.lIItUCID .... II ............ _ .. 
, ....... -.. ..................... -.--. .. 
• ...................... lIIt laD ....... UIMIIIr ....... .. 
_s.... .. UCID ..... II.-.... ., ......... ,. ....... .. 
.. ...... -"1III'l 

'.' 

The UCSD Cuardi_ Thunday. February 10, 1994 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

'fOOR 'NI\\,)\(~,) M~E TOO VNRlJL ~ , 
'bJ ~L() ~ -rn~ i\~O ~ 

A AANOl~BAR \I\\ISr~~£ , 

1 W,~ 1 COIJlO 1ll1!'4K 
~ ~~C~ U~S 

a.I mt;. 'SPOT, 

-... 

'(00'0 n\INI(. A GU~ 'Nl\() CLEAN'" 
"I~SELt 'Nln.I "1'5 TC>t-46U~ 
WO\lLO 1£ Cl'Et-I ~ GRoo\o\I!\(;. 

S\JGGc$TIONS , 

~TS Q~C"'IJSE nlt~S !'lOT 
~CE~A\l.IL'( AA'< C~KtION 
~ ~TS GI:1::J) ~ 'ftW,TS 
\IOI'I)Li\R. , r 00 Y4I\At's RIG\\T. 

'(OU'LL ~E.~ER 
~E.I' 'IIIE .lOS 
'Nln.I T1IA r 
ATTIT\)O£ ' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

MOT ¥I~r GHS 
... ~, 

Portion of Loop Road Will Close 
The Facilities Design & Construction Department 

announced that a portion of the Campus Loop Road 
between the Mandell Weiss Center and the Central 
Plant will be closed starting Monday, Feb. 14, to allow 
for realignment and uPiradlng. 

The closure is expected to last through June. 
While the road Is closed, the campus shuttle will 

be rerouted. information regarding shuttle routes 
and schedules is available from the Transportation 
Services Office at 534·RIDE. 

While the loop road will be closed to through 
traffic, the CM Caf6 will remain accessible for deliv· 
eries and handicapped access. 

The loop road to Central Plant, Galbraith Hall, 
Mandell Weiss Center and York Hall will also remain 
open for university service vehicles, contractor ac· 
cess and deliveries. 

The road closure is part of a project to replace the 
existing narrow road with two 12-foot traffic lanes and 
two fIVe-foot bicycle lanes. 

According to Assistant Vice Chancellor for Fa· 
cilities Design & Construction M. Boone Hellmann, 
the campus loop project will remove the safety 
hazard caused by the present narrow section of the 
road. 

Hellmann added that other benefits of the project 
Include more direct access to the loop road from 
Gilman Drive and a wider access road to the School 
of Medicine. 

Int ...... lps Available In Local 
Assemblyman'. Poway Office 

Local Assemblyman Jan Goldsmith, who repre-
sents the 75th District, has internships for college 
students who are Interested In local government. 
There are several openl",s available in the district 
office In Poway for college juniOrs and seniors. PolitI-
cal science and public administratiOn majors are 

encouraged to apply. 
Hours for the positions are flexible with student 

schedules. The position In Goldsmith's office is an 
unpaid poSition, but the opportunity tQ earn college 
credit Is available. 

According to Goldsmith's office, the position will 
offer the intems a chance to gain valuable experience 
In the areas of constituent affairs, legislative re-
search and basic governmental operations. 

Interested students should contact Goldsmith's 
offICe at 486-5191 or send resumlls to Assembly-
man Jan Goldsmith, 12307 Oak Knoll Road, Suite A, 
Poway, CA 92064. 

Theatre .,.,..bnent Pr .. I. 
"er'. EJeecutlon Next Welk 

The UCSD Department of Theatre will present 
Howard Barker's play Scenes from an Execution at 
the Mandell Weiss Theatre from Feb.1S through Feb. 
20. 

Performances begin at ,B p.m. Wednesday through 
Saturday, and 7 p.m. Sunday, with a 2 p.m. matinee 
scheduled f04' Saturday, Feb. 19. 

The cast of Scenes from an Execution Includes 
graduate students Laurie Williams, Alison Tatlock, 
Silas WeIr Mitchell, David Wiater, Matthew Henerson, 
Matthew Hoverman, Giovanni Pucci, ErIn Ryan, AtI-
gela Reed, Philip La Salle and Carla Hartin,. 

Undergraduate students Yano Rubinstein, MorTi 
Chowaikl, W. Miller Hall, Roberto Bacalskl, Scott Corr 
and Mark Rackers are also featured In the produc· 
tlon. 

Third-year graduate student Debbie Falb directs 
the production. Tickets are $12 f04' general admis-
Sion, $10 for faculty, staff and seniors and $4 for 
students. ' 

Tickets may be purchased at the Mandell Weiss 
Theatre Box Office. 

EIMoIIeI: 53441&10 ........ omce: Q4.34eI. Fa: 534-7H1 
UCSD ....... , 1800 GIl ..... Drtve 0318, 

. ... Jolla, CA I20I3-0318 
-... ....... ' .............. UCID ...... c... .... ·,.· 

Thunday, February 10,1994 The UCSD Cuardian 

Monday Night Forum Addresses 
Human Rights Abuses in Chiapas 
By DoIC Alex""" 
Senior Staff Writer 

In an effort to raise awareness 
of human rights abuses in the 
Mexican state of Chiapas, the 
Ch ieana stude'ot organization 
Women United For Justice, Edu-
cati!)n and Revolution (MUJER) 
sponsored a showing of the docu-
mentary "A Cry For Freedom and 
Democracy" on Monday night in 
the Price Center Theatre. 

Approximately 100 people at-
tended the screening of the 30-
minute documentary, produced by 
the Center for Constitutional 
Rights as part of a fact-finding 
mission to investigate allegedgov-
ernmentabuses of human rights in 
Chiapas following the Jan. 1 re-
bellion by the Zapatista National 
Liberation Army (EZLN). 

Members of the documentary 
crew interviewed numerous resi-
dents in San Crist6bal and other 
outlying towns and villages in the 
state of Chiapas. Some of the 
people interviewed spoke offam-
ily.members who they say are miss~ 
ing; others spoke of aerial bomb-
ings of villages by the Mexican 
military. 

In one scene, a resident showed 

the film crew a site where the 
Mexican military had allegedly cut 
a hole in the wall of a local cem-
etery, which he said was "to make 
il easier to carry bodies" into the 
burial grounds. 

According to Amnesty Inter-
national, 15 reports of civilian ex-
ecutions, includi ng the killing of a 
lO-year-old boy, have so far been 
confirmed. 

The buman rights organization 
has also confirmed 100 reports of 
torture and ill treatment, including 
two reports of rape by army offic-
ers. 

"A Cry For Freedom and De-
mocracy" was followed by a dis-
cussion led by Carlos Pelayo of 
Peace and Dignity, an advocacy 
group for indigenous peoples' 
rights. Pelayo spoke of the need to 
make people aware of what is hap-
pening in Chiapas. "Get people to 
see this documentary," he said. 
"You aren't going to get this infor-
malion from CNN." 

Pelayo also emphasized that the 
EZLN rebellion should not have 
come as a surprise. "A resistance 
has been organized for lO years," 
he said. Indigenous people, Pelayo 
t~ld the audience, have suffered 

too long to not fight back. "Force 
was the only option left," he said. 

After Pelayo spoke, he was 
joined by Che Che Martinez, the 
director of "A Cry for Freedom 
and Democracy," who answered 
questions from the audience. 

When asked by one audience 
member what U.S. citizens could 
do to help the people in Chiapas, 
Pelayo and Martinez suggested 
that they press Congress to repeal 
the North American Free Trade 
Agreement (NAFTA), which he 
believes will have a negative eco-
nomic impact on the Mexican 
state. 

"NAFT A is a death sentence for 
Chiapas," he warned, "The price of 
com in Ihe United States is 60 per-
cent cheaper than the price of corn 
in Chiapas. You can see what is 
ahead for them in the near future." 
The EZLN's declaration of war, 
Pelayo said, cites NAFf A as one of 
the reasons for the uprising. 

Pelayo added that monetary 
donations are also needed to buy 
"food and medical supplies 
[which] are in short supply." The 
event collected $140 for humani-
tarian aid for the people of 
Chiapas. 

EXPERIENCED GRAPHIC DESIGNER WANTED 
The Guardian is looking lor a new de~gnedila~, " Y,au h~ve experience w~h page design and wanllo make a liflle exira money, send a cover 
lefler, re~ume and pori1olia 10: Ene Schmidt Edllor In Chlel. The UCSO 6uardlan. 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, San Diego, CA 92093. ardlOp 
applicallons off al our offICes on Ihe second floor ollhe Old Siudent tenler. above Ihe General Siore Co·op, For more inlormation. eaU 534.6580, 

r~ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 
I 

DRESSES 
SHORTS 
JEANS 
& mor.1 

e..M~UI4t 

10% OFF 
Entire Clothing 

PURCHASE 

I., 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ",., pi.-! caupan at .... 01 fMd-, bp. 3/15/94. 1.--_________ ,.._..1 

. * 622~1~2 
REIAISSANCE CEN'ER 

8895 Towne Centre Drive 
(Belween Nobel & La Jolla Village Dr.) 

POllCE: 
Incident was the 
second in two months 
Continued from pc. 1 
cleared up if they discussed it. 
Garcia replied that no discussion 
was necessary because Shayesteh 
was trespassing. 

"By refusing to comply with 
the request of a professor, he was 
not only trespassing, but violati ng 
student conduct codes. There was 
no room for negotiation," Garcia 
said later. 

Shayesteh claimed that al -
though he asked the officers to 
wait while he saved his material 
before leaving, Garcia denied his 
request and erased his work from 
the computer. 

Shayesteh said that Officer 
Garcia was intimidating and ag-
gressive, while he spoke with the 
officers calmly and rationally. 

According to Garcia, Shayesteh 
was disruptive and refused to com-
ply with his orders. "We had to ask 
him several times to leave," Garcia 
said. 

The officers requested 
Shayesteh 's student identification 
as he was leaving the room. 
Shayesteh complied with the re-
quest. 

Garcia said he took away the 
clipboard that Shayesteh was hold-
ing because he thought Shayesteh 
might use it asa weapon. Shayesteh 
said the officer threw his clipboard 
to the ground, 

When Garcia asked Shayesteh 
what the "r" in his middle name 
stood for, Shayesteh replied that 
that information was not pertinent. 

NEWS 3 

Garcia then asked the student for 
his driver's license, which 
Shayesteh refused on the grounds 
that his middle name was not sig-
nificant in that situation. 

Garcia said afterward that he 
wanted the identification to check 
Shayesteh's record for outstand-
ing warrants. 

Garcia repeated his request for 
the identification and began re-
moving Shayesteh 's backpack. 
Shayesteh then reached for his 
wallet. 

As Garcia reached for the 
student's backpack, Shayesteh said 
the officer grabbed him and pushed 
his back against the wall outside 
the computer lab. "You didn't have 
to push me," Shayesteh said he 
told Garcia, who denied pushing 
the student. 

According to Shayesteh , 
Martinez was very calm and ratio-
nal, and tried to mediate the dis-
pute. 

After he was released without 
charge, Shayesteh told his version 
of the incident to his TA, who then 
rela yed it to class professor Ramu 
Ramanathan. Ramanathan con-
tacted DirectorofEcoriomicCom-
puting Tony Wood and Program-
mer Analyst Rick Accurso to de-
termine ifShayesteh had a right to 
use the room. 

According to an e-mail memo 
from Accurso to Wood, "Students 
from other classes should be al-
lowed to enter the lab to work 
quietly and to use the printers." 

Ramanathan said that because 
Extension students pay for the 
room on a per-student basis, only 
three of the terminals were re-

See POLICE, Page 7 

8 WO.lff Beds 
2 Facial Tanners 

3 months 
-

2 months 
1 month 

5TANS $29 
10 TANS $49 

r J s",., &ed ,~tei4(, I., 
I I 

! $19/mo~* ! 
I I 
I and 1st tan is fREE I 
I I 
I "plu. $3 per session I 
.... ".... COUIIOIIII ..... oIl1U1dU1. E ..... ~15114 • 
.. _---.---------



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial SoMd 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 

PHILIP MICHAElS. News Editor 
DOUG ALEXANDER. OpInion Editor 

1IIe UCSD~ I. ~ _. _ Mille ~ of~, Sen DioF· Content. 
01194. ____ n __ 1tw mojoItty _ of tho _II -.t. and lie not 

_Sllily thou of IIIe UC _ 01 R ....... tho ASUCSO . ..... tho ifill .. GuerdI ... tatf. 

Administration Should 
Support Multicultural Center 

One of the first things incoming students notice about UCSD 
is the sterility of its surrounding environs. There are no cool book 
or record stores, no funky head shops, no unique and· grungy 
restaurants, no interesting street activity." Instead of Berkeley's 
Telegraph Avenue we've got characterless Villa La Jolla Drive 
and instead of old brownstones we've acres ofticky-tacky condos 
doused in '80s pastels. The closest thing we have to a city center 
is lITe - a shopping mall. Make no mistake about it, Golden 
Triangle-University City-La Jolla is the antitbesis of a college 
town. 

Another characteristic of the UCSDenvirons, one which is just 
as obvious, but which some students never notice, is its "wbite-
ness. "The La Jolla area is perhaps one of the most gentrified areas 
in San Diego county. People of color - African Americans in 
particular - are an aberration, and are often looked upon with 
suspicion by white condo dwellers. And though there are many 
Chicanos in the area, very few live here. Most are day workers. 

Though gentrification is not as sharp on campus, UCSD has a 
predominantly white population. As of Fall Quarter, 1993, whites 
composed 43.8 percent of the UCSD student population, fol-
lowed by Asians at 26.5 percent, Chicanos at 9.9 percent, 
Filipinos at 5.2 percent and African Americans and Native 
Americans at an astonishingly low 2.4 and 0.4 percent, respec-
tively. Though some progress has been made in the last 10 years 
toward diversifying the student body - opening access to 
students of color - UCSD statistics compare very unfavorably 
to ue system-wide statistics. 

This isn't striking to many white students because they don't 
have the feeling of being an "outsider" that many students of color 
do. For some white students, the lack of ethnicand racial diversity 
at UCSD and in La Jol1a simply mirrors their experiences 
growing up in America's 'burbs and small towns. It's nonnal. 

But for students of color, UCSD/La 10lla can be an extremely 
alienating environment. This lack of conductivity for people of 
coloris most dramatically illustrated in the trend of more African 
Americans being accepted to UCSD each year, yet fewer and 
fewer actually enrolling. 

Though UCSD offers a wide-range of cultural activities 'and 
events - an oasis of sorts in a sea of mini-malls and pink stucco 
buildings - students of color have no place of their own on 
campus, a place which validates their presence, achievements 
and importance and which provides support. 

In response, the Cross-Cultural Center Coalition has drafted 
proposal for the building of a cross-cultural center at UCSD. The 
center would provide tutorial services, study groups and a 
multicultural research library. It would also publish a journal. 
Perhaps most importantly, the center would serve as a link 
between the UCSD campus and San Diego communities. 

But a multicultural center is hardly a new idea. In 1984, the 
original plans for tbe Price Center included an "Intercultural 
Center." The proposed center was, of course, never built. 

Since then, students, faculty and different student organiza-
tions have submitted several fonnal proposals for the building of 
a cultural center, whicb Otancellor Richard Atkinson and the 
administration have studiously rejected. 

This is shameful. The UCSD administration needs to begin 
addressing the needs of students of color. As Laura Jimenez said 
at last week's rally in support of tbe cross-cultural center, "We 
have a trtdition of neglect in ow country. We don't want this 
tradition to continue at UCSD." 

The building of a multicultural center is a critical first step in 
making UCSD a more representative campus. Though there are 
certainly other reasons for UCSD's shrinking diversity, such as 
fee increases and a decline in financial aid money, tbey do not 
explain the disparities which exist between UCSD and other UC 
campuses. 

The establishment of a fully-funded multicultural center, in 
conjunction with increases in funding for student outreach pr0-
grams and tbe biring of more faaalty of color, would be helpful 
in reversing tbe declining enrollment of African and Native 
Americans and toward making UCSD a more representative 
campus. 

The UCSD Cuardiao Thunday. Febl'1Ull'1 10. 1994 

PINION 

'THREE STRIKES' STRIKES OUT 
COMMENTARY: Playing off the fear of crime, California politicians have passed 
several poorly written and ineffective "Three Strikes And You're Out" bills 
By Francisco D.V ..... 
Senior Staff Writer 

With the speed, efficiency and sense of purpose nor-
mally reserved for children attacking presents on a Oirist-
mas morning, the California State Assembly has pushed 
through five-count 'em, five-"'fhreeStrikes You're 

To top it off, the prisons will be increasingly over-
crowded with three-time residential burglars, forcing the 
early release of extremely violent felons who have only 
been convicted once or twice. 

Second, the measure ignores the fact that most violent 
crimes take place in the heatofthe moment and that almost 
no criminal commits a crime thinking he or she will be 
caught. The numbers illustrate this well. In 1977, Califor-

Out" crime bills. 
With constituents clamoring for someone to do some-

thing about rising crime rates, !lne legis-
Ialorreferred to the crime bills, whicbaim 
to put three-time convicted felons away 
for life, as "a locomotive" as they flew 
through the assembly. A "no" vote in this 
election year was as close to political 
suicide as you can get- something like 
handing your opponent a photo of you 
taking a bong hit while naked in a hottub 
with your secretary. 

The measures'''lock 'em upandthrow 
away the key" attitude appeals to a public 
that has grown tired of rapists and mur- CalIfOrnIa .... 
derers walking the streets after only a few 
years in prison. A recent poll found that 
over 80 percent of Californians support 
"Three Strikes." Besides, it's got a catchy 
name. 

But the reality is thai this measure will 
do nothing but further bankrupt the state. 
The most popular, as well as the harshest, 
bill is AD ml. It virtually mirrors the 
wording on the "Three Strikes" ballot 
initiative, which may gain enough signa-
tures to qualify for the ballot in June. It is 
sponsored by Assemblymen Bill Jones 
(R·Fresno) and Jim Costa (D-Hanford) 
and, despite the hype, it's a shabbily 
written bill that will have catastrophic 
consequences if passed. 

morepeopla 
IIK8'C8I'8ted 
peH:apIta than 
..,.uonln 
the world. It'. a 
dublou. honor 
and yet the 
probl.mof 
vIol.nt crime 
... notbaan 
eoIvecl. It'. 
obvious that 
peopIe .. u .. 
deterred by the 
stiff penalties. 

nia instituted the toughest mandatory sen-
tencing laws in the country. Even with-
out the new "Three Strikes" law, they 
remain among the stiffest sentences in 
the world, according to Assemblyman 
Tom Bates (D..()akland). In 1m7, there 
were 18,000 state prisoners. We now 
boast 118,000 inmates, and our crime 
rate is still rising. 

California has more people incarcer-
ated per-capita than any nation in the 
world. It's a dubious honor and yet the 
problem of violent crime has not been 
solved. It is obvious that people are unde-
terred by the stitI penalties, including our 
death penalty, and there is no reason to 
think that "Three Strikes" wi II change 
anything. Accordi"g to Bates, who sits 
on the Assembly Public s-fely Commit-
tee, "no potential punishment deters these 
people." 

In a truly ironic twist, it turns out that 
the JoneslCosta bill is so poorly written 
that it may invalidate the state's death 
penalty by superseding the existing sen-
tencing laws. Jones disagreed with the 
interpretation, but he agreed to look into 
amending the bill if necessary. The state 
ballot petition, however, cannot be 
amended. Perhaps we are rushing into 
this a bit too q"iddy. 

Third, and perhaps most alarming, 
the Assa,nbly refused to determine how 
to pay for the sweeping meuure. The 
Asaembly Ways and MeIDl Committee 
estimates that enfolcing '7hree Strikes" 
will cost the state between two and five 

First, it hamstrings the courts by im-
posing strict mandatory sentencing that 
will put three-time burglars away for life 
while first-time murderers will wllk free 
after serving their terms. There are cer-
tainly people who need to be locIted away 
for life, but the JoneslCosta bill makes no 
attempt to lingle them out The measure 
does not differentiate between violent felons and those 
who havecommiaed mudilessserious crimes, and it bars 
a judae from deciding between thole who need 10 be put 
in jail for life and thole who can be rehabilitated. Instead 
of rational decisions made on the ClOIIditionl of an indi-

billion dollan every year. Even a $2 
billion increue in state fundi .. of the prison system 
would be more than enough to ovawhelm this yar's 
$1.79 billion state allocation 10 the UniYenity ofCaIifor-
nia system. Gov. Pete Willon'l office has compleied a 
detailed study of the estimaled COllI, but now refusea 10 

vidual c.e, penaItieI will be preordained. See ClllUI, PIle 6 

11nuwday. Febraary 10,1994 The UCSD Cuardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: In April, South Mrica will have its first free, multi-racial elections; it is a day for celebration as well as caution 

A GREAT DAY FOR SOUTH AFRICA 

ANDREW 

REYnOLDS 
WORLD 

VIEW 

Mixingokktyle 
malS nllies with 
higli-tech muketing 
appeals, the first 
post-apartheidelec-
tions have finally 
gotten underway in 
South Africa. 
Nelson Mandela, 
the leader of the 
African National 
Congress (ANC) 
and effective presi-
dent-in-waiting, has 
crisscrossed the 
country in what F. W 
de K1erk, the Na-
tional Party (NP) 

leader, derisively caUed "a coronation rather 
than a campaign." 

Mandela bas addressed both adoring bIacIt 
crowds and uncomfortable whites needing reas-
surance that their world won't change too radi-
cally under the new order. Of course, MaJX,Iela 
can never make such assurances, but he can 
attempt to convince skeptical whites that the 
ANC believes in a non-racial democracy, one in 
which all have access to die government, ~ 
gardless of race. 

De K1erk is also hoping his appeal will cross 
racial lines. His party, which includes the inven-
tors and instigators of apartheid, is remarkably 
. becoming a rnajority"non-white" party because 
of its support from the so-called co~ and 
Indian communities in South Africa. The NP's 

support among blacks stands 
at an ulLWrprising one or two 
percent However, party mem-
bers believe that they can pull 
a significant number of black 
votes by appealing to older, 
more conservative membersof 
the community. 

April 26 will be a great day 
in South Africa. It marks the 
end of one of the saddest peri-

rectifying the situation. 

ods in rac:e-relations the mod-
ern world has seen. The out- Black poiltlcai 

Furthermore, Bill Keller 
of the New York Times bas 
pointed out that while 
Mandela is receiving tumul-
tuous ovations throughout 
the townships of South Af-
rica, the crowds he speaks 
to areoverwhelmingly com-
posed of"comndes" under 
18 years of age. They will 
not be able to cast ballots on 
election day. 

come of the elections, how-
ever, may be far less certain 
than conventional wisdom has 
JRdicted. The ANC's task of 
converting the goodwill it en-
joys into votes will be much 
more diffICUlt than one might 
imagine. Though there's little 

.... tI_ •• tIndI.,. 
It ....., Impossible 
to campaign In nnI 
_-, wiler. whit. 
f ........ hav. 
.xtended flefdoms. doubt that the ANC will win a 
p1uralityinApri~it'sincreasinglyundearwhether 
it will win over 50 percent of the popular vote-
the numbers needed for ANC dominance of the 
constitutional assembly and interim cabinet 

The ongoing political 
violence and intimidation 
will also keep many poten-
tial voters away from the 
polls, which will definitely 
hurt the ANC. White South 
Africans living in the sub-
urbs are not the ones who 
will be fearful of voting. It 

This uncertainty isn't due to a lack of black 
support or to complacency among ANC stnte-
gists, but because the government has advantages 
which it is exploiting to undermine the ANC. 
Only 90 percent of black South Africans possess 
the identity papers needed to prove voting age 
and citizenship. This disenfranchises well over 
one million South Africans, and the Department 
of Home Affairs has been appallingly slow in 

is the blacks in KwaZulu, Bophulhatswanaand 
the Ciskei, areas with leadership and security 
foras who are notable enemies of the ANC 
who fear political intimidation. 

Black political parties ~re finding it nearly 
impossible to campaign in rural areas, where 
white farmers have extended fiefdoms similar 
to those that existed in America in the deep 
South. Last week, the White Farmers Organi-
zation placed a ban on ANC activity within its 
collective fann lands, which opens the possi-
bility of extensive voter fraud. Further, in these 
rural areas, where black illiteracy can reach a 

high of 75 perceDl, confusion over the "secret 
ballot" and voting papers could suppress the 
bIaclt vote even more. 

Taking these factors into account, even a 
strong ANC support among black voters (esti-
mated at 70 percent) could translate into a mere 
45 percent of the national vote. ANC is strug-
gling to make inroads into the white, Indian and 
so-called colored South African communities. 
This support could make the difference. 

The international community should recog-
nize that these factors, which may block the 
ANC from winning a majority of votes in the 
elections, are the result of electoral manipula-
tion. The problems can only be mitigated if 
those governments supporting the democratiza-
tion of South Africa take stringent measures to 
enable all South Africans to cast their ballots in 
the finest traditions of liberal democracy. 

But perhaps South Africans will face the 
greatest danger when the new multi-racial gov-
ernment takes power. After years of poverty and 
oppression, many South Africans believe that 
their vote is the key which will immediately 
unlock thedoorsofemployment, material wealth 
and a better standard of living. However, press-
ing issues such as rebuilding the economy and 
creating more disposable wealth may dash the 
short-term dreams of the impoverished, 

The danger is that disappointment will turn to 
alienation and then destructive opposition of the 
newly-elected government. If the new South 
Africa cannot show some quick, visible returns to 
its people, then extremists may flourish, retum-
ing the country to the same racial polarization. 

Your words are wanted ••• Bring clips and cover letter to the aUllrdlan Office, c/o Opinion Editor. 
., 

COSTA VERDE 
SNOPPlno (CnTC~ 

At The Corner Of Genesee & La Jolla Village Drive. 
Free Convenient Covered Parking. 458-9270 

_ .. ,~.ce ... 

--m----------JCd Hot Romance 
Name __ --' ___ ........;.-'-_--:-___ -

City _________ _ 

Zip _-=-..,.,...~.,..-______ _ 

Deadline 10 emer i Tuesday. March I. 1994. Four 
winners will be sckctcd by random drawing and will 
be notifltd by mail. Employees of Costa Vt rd tores 
Irt not eligible. 

---------------------------------------------------------------



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February 10, 1994 

If YOU "."-r l/I(,Or IT.I THE DISCOVER CARD 
6lT IT. PRESENTS A PREVIEW 

SCREENING OF A MAJOR 
NEW MOTION PICTURE FROM 

February 11 • Thurs. • 11 :lOpm • Price Center Theater 
Pick-up a FREE pass on Feb. 14th & 17th at the 

Discover Booth at Revelle Sundry 
Sponsored by University Evelts Office' ASU(SD 

T H 

t;:o'-'Iional and 
natmo .... " 

SHIm ARE: 
Mon.-Thun. 6-9 pm • Sat 12-3 pm • Sun. 11-2 and 2:30-5:30 pm 

Call 535-1433 for more info 
or visit 711 University Center, 2nd floor, 

(obcwe Outback AdYentum, behind !he new Visual Arts Buildif)g, 
nut 10 Fifth CoiIegeIIo ~I out an appIicalianl 

CRIME: Bills will 
sink state further into debt 
ContInued fronI ..... 4 
release the findings. 

One of the reasons for the tremendous cost of 
WJbrec Strikes" is that it will necasitate a vast 
increase in the state's geriatric prison wards for 
the new "lifers." Beyond the simple fiscal ree-
SOlD for objecting to the incarceration of 85· 
yeer-olds who committed crimes, especiaUy 
non·violent ones, when they were in their early 
'n, it just doesn't make sense. While there are 
certainly some people who should never see 
freedom no matter how old they are, the vast 
majority of senior citizen convicts are not a 
danger to society. Caring for a senior costs at 
least twice the $22,OOO-a-year average for a 
younger California prisoner, with no clear ben-
efit to society. 

Further, the Jones/Costa biIJ does not man-
date rehabilitation for first- and second-time 
offenders. what the state calls "anti-recidivism" 
plans, to help give inmates a chance for success 
once released. Most prisoners receive no job 
training, psychological help or drug treatment 
While drug addicts wait on years-long lists to get 
into treatment programs, we are busily building 
prisons to house them. 

The Jones,lCosta bill was only one of five of 
the "Three Strikes" bills passed, but the others 
are little better. Though most contain at least 
some form of rehabilitation and others differen-
tiate between violent and non-violent crimes, 
with cries for "Two Strikes You're Out" and 
new cries for "Three Strikes You're Dead" 
emanating around the state, it's unlikely these . 
bills wiD get a fair hearing. 

It seems that it's too late to step back and 
think over this issue calmly. The governor has 
said he will sign the toughest, harshest and 

Have you had your 
monkeys today? 

therefore, most politlcaUy bencficiaI bill to reach 
his desk. We can expect nothing rational from 
him. The Senate is the last hope for a reasonable 
crime biD,but Sen. David Roberti(D-Van Nuys) 
has said that he expects a "very strong" version 
of the bill to pus, possibly within the next few 
weeD. 

On the same day that these tough-on-aime 
legislators rushed "ThRlC Strikes" through the 
Assembly, another crime bill was quicltly de· 
feated. The bill, which would have made ille-
gally carrying a concealed gun a felony, was 
abandoned after the gun lobby stepped in to 
remind our public servants about the need for 
good citizens to be able to walk down the street 
with Joa~ pistols hidden in their undergar-
ments. 

Good Lord, it'sa felony to carry a concealed 
knife in this state, but a gun is only a misde-
meanor offense. This pathetic excuse for policy 
illustrates how hypocritical our legislators are 
about crime. 

When the same Jones/Costa bill was intro-
duced last year, it was killed in the first commit-
tee to hear it. Although the bill hasn't changed, 
this year the lone hold-out in the committee was 
Assemblyman Bates. It's still a bad bill, but now 
it's just a popular bad bill in an election year. 

The revolving door which allowed the re-
lease of Richard Allen Davis, who allegedly 
kidnapped and murdered Polly Klass, afterserv-
ing only eight of his 16-year sentence, must be 
closed. We must be tough on the criminals who 
deserve it. But we must also keep in mind that 
Davis, having only been convicted twice previ-
ously, would not have been a "lifer" under the 
"Three Strikes" provision. 

We need to find a way to put the Richard 
Allen Davises of the world away for life while 
giving others another chance. And we need to do 
it in a way that won't sacrifICe the economic 
health of our state. 

CTCINDUSTRIES INC. 

The M-2000 $109 
21-<nch lIWTW ..... _ 

18~ 

The World Team $1 09 
21-<nch 

.;-----c.1IiIIN........ . 

18 apeed 

I Free ehlppi .. within c.1f·1 
The only way to offer these bicycles for an industrtrocking price was to 
go straight to the factory. By eliminating all the fat-cat middlemen (with 

their expensive warehouse O\I8rhead and commissions),C1C ~ Inc. 
can offer the only true mountain bikes for just $1 09 

Now is your turn to act. Get on a bike and get • lifel 

Call: 1-1800J-ASK-4-BIKE 

Thursday, February 10,1994 

DEFICIT: Cal 
Grant funding could 
be hurt by shortfall 
Continued from pal. 1 
any mid-year adjustment," said 
RUiter, adding that such a policy 
would have been disruptive to stu-
dents, faculty and staff. 

Although the Department of 
Finance will assume CSAC's debt 
for now, the shortfall is expected 
to come out of next year's budget. 
The Cal Grant program will re-
ceive a $20 million increase next 
year, so this year's shortfall could 

POLICE: 
Students lobby for 
review board 
Continued from paJ. 3 
served at the time that Shayesteh 
was removed from the room. 

There is a sign on the wall of 
the computer lab that reads; "Stu-
dents may use the computer termi-
nals if available during a class as 
long as they don't disrupt the 
class." 

Whitely has since apologized 

"I rpally can't 
dpfinp irony, but 
1 know it whpn 1 

spp it:' 

REALITY 
BITES 
A COMEDY ABOUT 
LOVE I N THE '90s. 

COMING 
SOON IWIlI ~~ ___ ± 

ON DISPlAY 
IN MONDAYS 

CENTERSPREAD 

I 
, 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

be deducted from that increase. more than the remaining $6 mil- lose Cal Grant money as well. BUDGET: According to Sarah Swan, uni- lion. If this year's CSAC shortfall Regardless of how CSAC cov-
versity affairs advocate for the is deducted from the increase in ers its shortfall, Swan said, the Wilson calls federal University of California Student Cal Grant funding, the two univer- situation illustrates the shortcom- plan 'unacceptable' A.ssoc:iation (UCSA), $17 million sity systems could be facing an ings of the university's new fee 
of the $20 million increase in Cal even greater deficit. and financial aid policy. With less Continued from page 1 Grant funding will be needed to "That shortfall could mean a Cal Grant money available, stu- billion out of balance," Bagley 
accommodate next year's round great deal. It could be a great prob- dents will have to find other ways said. "If that $3 billion doesn't 
of fee increases for both Univer. lem," Swan said. to finance their education. "The come through, we won ' t get our 
sity of California and California Ruiter said that another pos- reality is that students will have to $56 million because that 's the first State University (CSU) students. sible option would be for CSAC to work more and take out more place that will be cut." The UC Office of the President deduct this year's shortfall from loans," she said. Even with a $56 million in-has estimated that the UC system its total operating budget. Under "[The UC Office of the Presi- crease in state funding, UC under-
will require a $14 million boost in this plan, the UC and CSU sys- dent] is pledging to make the uni- graduates will still face a $620 fee grant money to cover fee increases tems would not be the only schools versity more affordable. The real- hike while first-year students at for its needy students, while the affected. Community colleges and ity is that we'll be receiving fewer UC professional schools will have CSU system is expected to need other California schools would Cal Grant dollars," Swan added. to pay an additional $2,000. 
to Ramanathan for the misunder- A.S. and the Graduate Student As-

I f the $2.3 bi II ion requested by 
in which the UCSD student gov- Wilson is not provided in the fcd-

standing. sociation have both passed resolu- ernments are approaching the sub- eral budget, it is expected that uc Ramanathan said that the po- tions supporting the formation of ject is, however, counterproduc- students could be asked to pay lice behavior was '.' inexcusable." an independent body to handle tive to the long-standing good re- even more. 
In a memo, he recommended to complaints about university po- lationship the UC police have had Clinton's budget offered some his students that "You file a writ- lice and serve as a I iaison between with the students, staff and fac- bright spots for the University of 
ten complaint about the police to the police and the university com- ulty." California. The budget sets aside 
the provost of your college." munity. Tesak said that she did not agree $372 million for magnetic fusion Shayesteh has written leiters of In a leiter to A.S. President with Anderson's suggestion that research, the bulk of which is ex-
complaint to Martinez and Garcia. Carla Tesak, Anderson said, "I the A.S.'s actions were counter- pected to fund the International A.ssoc:iated Students represen- personally think it is greatly ben- productive. "I think that people Thermonuclear Experimental Re-
tatives are scheduled to meet to- eficial to a free society to have a should not view this as an antago- actor (ITER) project. UCSD, day with UCSD Police Chief John police department that is open and nistic move, rather as something which administers a $1.2 billion Anderson to discuss the need for a accessible to review by the com- that will help the police belterserve phase of the project, will take a cut Police Action Review Board. The munity that it serves. The manner the ·students," Tesak said. of those funds. 



I TIle UCSD CurcIiaa Tlnandal. FebnarylO.I9M 

"One of the most brilliant 
guitarists In the world." 

Andl. SelO,,'a 

Ckr~~op'ku 

WINONA ETHAN 
RYDER. HAWKE 

PARKENING 

pm8IIlH by 
U(SD UNIVERSITY 

EVENB OFFICE 

BEN 
STILLER 

REALITY 

A COMEDY ABOUT 
LOVE IN .THE '90s. 

IF THIS 
DOESN'T 
EXCITE 
YOU, CHECK 
YOU R 
P U L S E , 

........... ~ ..... YOU MIGHT 

HAZARD CIN1IR • 7110 HAZARD CIJITIR DRMI 
1UITI.211 llAII_GO 1 I11-1MoI2OO 

BE DEAD. 
KNOW WHAT VlRDJAL 

IIfAUIY IS All em I 

o N YOU P 'J EXT 
ADVENTURE 

THIS OFFIll NOT VALID """ MY 
OTH!II DIICOUNT. MUST PRUENT 
COUPON TO RECEIVE DIICOUNT. 

--.,,- --

HR~m llll_WI '1IfllI.' ••• IIRllia IUlllLlllIJ. 
I'laltll::i!=:: ::.c:. ... ~I •• '1I1B .,11111 •• '0l1li ~::'-:'-=CIII •• UN. 

. FUnlll8l1E ... Of LEIINY \IMInZ • lIE ..... ~1FIBJ) I' II·IIIIIMII.R. .IO!ID FMrt All) 0'nIRI •••••••••••• 

OPENS FRIDAY AT A . THEATRE NEAR YOU 
, . , , 

. , , .. , . 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART. a E N T E R T A I N MEN T FEB R U A R Y 10; 1 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nEWS 
R 0 ( K 

• Although the film doesn't 
debut until Feb. 18, the 
soundtrack to RNIify BH •• 
is already available. It includes 
a mixture of re-releases and 
new material by alternative rock 
acts. Keeping with the '70s 
theme of the film, The Knack 
has recorded a new version of 
"My Sharona" and Squeeze has 
reworked ''Tempted'' for the 
film. Other contributors include 
The Juliana Hatfield 3, World 
Party, U2, Lenny Kravitz and 
Dinosaur Jr. The film stars 
Winona Ryder, Ethan Hawke 
and Ben Stiller. 

• Fleetwood Mac's Rumors 
has officially sold its 14 mil-
lionth copy. The album was 
released in 1977. 

LOCAL 
• Championship fingerstyle 
guitarist and auto harp player 
Harvey Reid will give a se-
ries of workshops and concerts 
this weekend. He will present a 
workshop at the Tradilional 
Music store (942-1622) in 
Leucadia on Saturday at 1 p.m. 
A performance in Del Mar 
Shores Auditorium (436-4030) 
at 7:30 p.'m. will follow. Ad-
mission to the workshop is 
$6.SO. Concert tickets are $10. 

• CIne Ea ...... tII '94, a 
series of films made by 
Chicano/Latino and Native 
American students, will show 
at the Price Center Theater 
Wednesday at 7 p.m. Admis-
sion is free. Info: S34-6467. 

TICKETS 
, 

• Tickets go on sale Saturday 
at 10 a.m. for PInk Floyd at' 
Jack Murphy Stadium on April 
14 at 8 p.m. Info: 278-TIXS. 

• Tickets go on sale Friday at 
3 p.m. for the reggae band 
UB40, which will perform 
with Ut3 at tbe Sports Arena 
a' 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $2S for 
general admission on the floor 
and $20 for reserved seats. I nfo: 
278-TIXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
One Dove, which will play at 
San Diego State University'. 
8ackdoor at 8 p.m. on Tues-
day. Feb. 22. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Yakov Zolotorev IGuardian 
....... t·vocal .. t Geddy Lee pr.y. • rttf Ctop), .nd ...... rf.t Alex Lllason bask. In the .meN .... Cbelow). 

AT lHE RISK OF COMMrmNG AN ACf OF MUSICAL 
blasphemy,let me say what many are thinking, 
but few have had the courage to say. 

Rush is gelling old. 
Face it. The Canadian power-trio hasn'l 

made a truly great album since Grace Under 
Pressure 10 years ago. Guitarist Alex Lifeson 
is getting fat. Bassist Geddy Lee's voice is 
beginningto falter. And drummer Neil Peart ' s 
lyrics have lately taken on a cliched, lifeless 
character. Thankfully, Peart's percussion 
talents have not diminished. 

The caliberofitsrec:ent material has ranged 
from merely good to simply awful. Songs 
such as "Force-lO,"1'he Pass" and "Time 
Stand Still" are memorable as well as moving. 
But songs like "Lock and Key," "Hand Over 
F'15I" and just about any track on 1991 's Roll 
du! Bones should never have been written. 

The latest record, COIUIIerparts, is pretty 

offered much new, but precious little old 
material. 

Aftera fairly straightforward, lackluster 
35-minute performance by opening act 
Candlebox, Rush promised to come out 
with a bang, but ended up with a whimper. 

The show opened with the projected 
video image of a large bolt twisting through 
outer space into a nut, accompanied by 
Richard Strauss ' "Thus Spake 
Zarathustra." With the crowd 's 
expeclations thus uplifted, Rush 
gracelessly launched into "Dreamline" 
(one of the more tolerable tracks from 
"Roll the Bones"), not the best of picks for 
a showstarter. 

From there, they moved to "Spirit of 
Radio," alwaysacrowd favorite, followed 
by "Analog Kid," from Signals. 

Newer material dominated the first 

Rl!-Sh offered fans a fle.eting glimpse of past. 
. . magic in concert MorUlay night 

STORY BY lEI IOyeHOI 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

good - qlrite a comeback from the last 
mockery of an album. Lyrically and musicaIly, 
C~rptJrts is probably the strongest Rush 
album since Signals, my personal favorite. 
But try comparing COIUIIerptlrts to Moving 
Pictures or He~ and you're back to 
the proverbial apples and oranges. 

Ab, for the good old days .•.. 
The lesa-than<aJ*ity audience at the 

San Dieao Sports Arena was given a rare-
and extrem4;ly brief - glimplO at thole good 
~d days on Monday night. The two-hour lei 

half of the set, broken up occasionally by 
such perennial Rush concert standards as 
"Closer to the Heart," "I'ime Stand Still," 
and "Limelight." Among the tracks 
perforined from COUIIIerptJrts were .the 
radio singles '~Cold Fire" and "Stick it 
Out," as well as the partly acoustic 
"Nobody '8 Hero" an4 the darker "Double 
Agent." 

Much of what makes a Rush concert so 
special is the integration of complell 

See RUSH, pace H2 



HIATUS 2 

R US H: The old older, and arguably better, material. 
• • 11Iere was an uneven transition into 

magIc IS gone "fhe Trees," which was difficult to 
Continued from pce Hi hear at first because the audience 
lighting and video images. The large was still screaming wildly at Peart. 
video screen was dark for much of Out of the dying notes of "The Trccs" 
the first half of the set, though the came an abridged "Xanadu." 
lighting was mcsmerizing asalways. Then something surprising 

But, as Alex, Geddy and Neil happened. For the first time in more 
played seamlessly through fairly than 10 years, Rush performed 
straightforward material, I wondered "Hemispheres." Earlier that evening, 
what the show would be like without a friend had told me that Rush never 
all of the special effects. plays "Hemispheres." It's too long. 

The truth is, the newer material The show wound down with a 
just isn't as captivating. And the rousing rendition of "Tom Sawyer." 
band is so slick it seems emotionless The band reemerged with a very 
and unspontaneous . The show briefencore set, playingonly "Force-
seemed to be losing steam as the 1 0" and "vyz, " and finishing with a 
final chords of the instrumental few bars from "Cygnus X-I." 
"Leave That Thing Alone" died out. Ii was a slightly disappointing 

Leave it to Neil Peart to pick up ending to a slightly disappointing 
the pace. The highlight of every Rush show. It began roughly, picked up a 
concert experience is, of course, lot near the end, and ended too fast, 
Peart's lengthy drum solo. as though something was left 

Incorporating synthesizers with unresolved. The last half of the set 
the traditional percussionist tools, was clearly superior to the first, by 
Peart's solo quickly whipped the mcrevirtueofthesuperiorityofthe 
audience into a screaming, clapping material. 
frenzy. The entire interlude climaxed In its old age, Rush ha become 
with a spectacular burst of indoor happy and fat. Their music, like the 
fireworks. song goes, is like a cold fire. And 

But Peart's solo was also like a that's too bad, especial Iy from a band 
bridge into a more innovative pest- that once truly exemplified 

From the solo, the bandiiiiinjtoiliii;li,f,~rock music. 

I 
!PERM $39 

Long"*-

n.. UCSD Guardia Thureday, February 10,1994 

FILM 

Courtlly of Simon Mein 
......... y (0,.. CndtweI) reIIx .. with SophIe (1( ....... c.tIIdp) In lUlled. 

-Naked 
Film is odd mix of charm and violence 

By Crall Stolde 
Guan1ll111 Reporter 

Opening with a violent alley-
way scene accentuated by the use 
of a hand-held camera and the beat 
of an orchestral bus drum, Mike 
Leigh'. Naked immediately pulls 
the viewer in with its raw energy. 

NakU is an energetic and cha-
otic ride tbat follows the encouD-
tera of Johnny, who is played with 
a vicioua wit by David Thewlis, as 
he careens through the streets of 
London. 

Johnny arrives in London at the 
flat of hi' ex-girlfriend Louise 
(Lesley Sharp) and her insecure 
Gothic roommate Sophie (Katrin 
Cartlidge). 

When Louise and Johnny meet, 
they exchange a barrage of dark 
sarcasm. Leigh's dialogue is typi-
cal of the familiar bitterness be-
tween former lovers, and it cap-
tures the essence of Louise's and 
Johnny's relationship. 

By contrast, Sophie and Johnny 
are sexually drawn to one another, 

as Sophie grows attached to his and discuss at length the notions of 
dark wit and intelUgence. Afteronly Nostradamus, the book of Revela-
one night with Johnny, Sophie tells tions and signs of the impending 
him she loves him. Johnny, unable Apocalypse of 1999. 
to handle ber declaration, becomes Meanwhile, Sophie and Louise 
sexually violent. Yet Sophie con- are left to deal with Jeremy (Greg 
tinuea to follow bim around the Cuttwell), a sadist who claims to 

apartmeD~beUiDg for Ius alten- -oe---nieir fandlOrOiiid refuses to 
tion. He pushes her to the floor as leave their flat after attacking 
he lesves the flat to roam through Sophie. Their threais are only amus-
London. ing to his cars. 

As be prowls the streets, Johnny Nakedisaharabfilmtbatdocsn't 
meets a variety of characters. A shy .away from showing the "ad-
security guard discoven him while sogyny of lOme men and portray-
he takes night~me refuge in the ing the rough edges of its cbarac-
entryway of an office building. tera. Leigh doesn't endorse mi-
When the security guard unlocks sogyny, but he spares us a lecture 
the door, seemingly to dislocate on its evils. He intelligently gives 
Johnny, he states, "Ready to de- his characters a dark and cynical 
ploy your fatuous sarcasm? Well side rarely seen in films today. 
I've beat you to it." The guard Leighhasachievedsomethingrare 
responds with "Would you like a by creating situations that simulta-
mint?" ncausly make one laugh and feel 

Moments like these give Naked the harshness of the characters' 
its charm and provide unexpected lives sans pity. 
respite from its more abrasive Naked is showing atthe Hillcrest 
scenes. Johnny and the security Cinemas. Call 299-2100 for more 
guard become friendly strangers information. 

SAN DIEGO FILM FESTIVAL 
INTERNATIONAL STYLE 1994 

Tbur.day, February 10, 1994 

THIS WEEK 

10 d a J 
Jamaican bobsledders take on in-
credible odds in Cool RIIIIIIin6s, 
showing at 6, 9 and 11 :30 p.m. in 
the Price Center Theatre. Tickets 
arc 51 in advance, $2 at the door. 
Info: 534-6467. 

Poets Joy Harjo, Ntozake Shange 
and Anne Waldman are featured as 
the .. ArtIsts on the CuttIna 
Edae" series continues at the Mu-
seum of Contemporary Art in 
downtown La Jolla at 7:30 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $10, or a 
pass for the series can be purchased 
for $49. Info: 4S4-3541. 

EI Teatro Campesino presents "I 
Don't Have to Show You No 
Stlnklna aadleal" in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $11. Info: 
534-6467. 

Qlllcbandplaysanall-agesshow 
with ........ and F ....... at 
the World Beat Center at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $10. Info: 278-TlXS. 

fridlY 

AND 
18th and 19th century chamber 
music at8 p.m. in the Recital Hall. 
Tickets for students are $5. Info: 
534-6467. 

Sepultura, .Fudaetunnel, 
Clutch and F .. r FIICtory play 
at Iguana's in Tijuana at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $16 in advance, $14 at 
the door. Info: 278-TIXS. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show the Korean film 

~ Story in Mandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets for 
students are $3, or a student pass 
for all films can be purchaSed for 
$25. Info: 534-6467. 

Juz U ........... DMce Cam-
...., will present a program of 
original works at the City College 
Theater downtown at 8 p.m. Tick-
ets are $10 for students. The pro-
gram will repeat on Saturday and 
Sunday. Info: 436-9490. 

Surf guitarist DIck Dale will play 
with Fried ....... at9:15p.m. 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach. Tickets are $8. Info: 481-
8140. 

sundaJ 
MacNnea of LovIna Or .. , a 

The UCSD Guardian 

cas in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
p.m. Tickets for students are $6. 
Info: 534-6467. 

THEATRE 
at 9 p.m . Tickets are $7.91. Info: 409 Studio Theater: The 
222-8131 . Undergraduate Studio Project wi II 

tuesday 
Cal-Animage will screen Wla/aon 
Ikkoku 138, c.t Girl Nuku 
Nuku 13, Le6Mf/ of the 
GMM:tIc Heroes 13, and Fu-
tureBoyCotun '2at7p.m. in 
Solis 107. Admission is free. Info : 
587-4890. 

TIre Ap of Innocence, Mar-
tin Scoreese's adaptation of the 
Edith Wharton novel, shows in the 
PrieeCenterTheatreat8and 10:30 
p.m. Tickets are $1 in advance, $2 
at the door. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show the Korean film TIurt 
Woman, That Man in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $3, or a 
student pass for all films can be 
purchased for$25.lnfo: 534-6467. 

S.N.F.U. plays with Freak 
Show at Dream Street in Pacific 
Beach. Tickets are $7. Info: 222-
8131. 

wednesday 

present "Love of the Nightingale" 
by Timberlake Wertenbaker. Per-
formances are Thursday at 8 p.m., 
Friday al 8 and 11 p.m. and Satur-
day 8 p.m. Tickets for students are 
$5. Info: 534-6467. 

The Theatre In Old Town: 
"Weird Romance," two one-act sci-
ence fiction musicals composed by 
Academy Award winner Alan 
Menken, will run through April 2. 
Performances are Wednesday 
through Sunday at 8 p.m. Tickets 
range from $16 to $22. Info: 239-
8355. 

s.. Diep Repertory: Jon 
Robbin Baitz's "Three Hotels" 
traces the rise and fall of a busi-
nessman.1t runs through Feb. 12 in 
the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $18 to 524.1nfo: 235-
8025. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLER IES 
Museum of Contemporuy 
Art: ;4.n exhibit by Scottish-born 
artist David Mach uses 20 tons of 
magazines to present the story of a 
post-World War II American fam-
i1y . It will be on display through 
Apri I 7. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. 
t05 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. 
Info: 234-1001. 

Porter Randal Galery: Oliver 
Jackson's paintings and sculptures 
will be on display through Feb. 28. 
Jackson is one of the Bay Area's 
most accomplished abstract paint-
ers and has won a number of 
awards . Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

M ...... m of Photocr..,..1e 
Arts: "Howling at the Moon: Ex-
hibitions by Keith Carter and Mario 
Cravo Neto" will be on display 
through March 20. The exhibit 
details connections between South-
ern American and Brazilian cul-
ture. Gallery hours arc 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Monday through Sunday. Ad-
mission is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

techno-industrial band from Tuc- A 5onor Concert will feature 
. Janos N..,..., and friends pl!ay son, AZ, will pl~y at Dream Street contemporary music of the Ameri-

Old Globe Theatre: "Blues in 
the Night," a musical by Sheldon 
Epps, runs through March 6. Per-
formanees are Tuesday through 
Saturday at 8 p.m. with matinees 
on Saturday and Sunday at 2 p.m. 
Sunday evening performances are 
at 7 p.m. Tickets range from $23 to 
$27. Info: 239-22S5. 

Mandevlle Gallery: "Mag-
dalena Abakanowicz: Recent 
Work" will be on display through 
Feb. 27. Abakanowicz is an East-
ern European artist, born in Poland 
in 1930, who has done outdoor 
sculpture for a number of sites. 
Gallery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
q,tission is free . Info: 534-2864. 

.\ 

summer 
.sesslon 
Planning your class-schedule 
you want? •• 

UCSD Summer Session will be offering 
during two five-week sessions Uune 27-Ju 

-September 2) this summer. To receive a 
March, phone 534-4364, or mail in the 

Please put me on the mailing list to 
Session catalog. ' 

, 

Monica, Aaron, Ken, 
Dave, Heidi, Jen, Some 
Lady, Gabriel, Jeannie, 
Julie, Olivier, Veronica 
and a bunch of other 
Valentin recipients, 
don't forget to peru e 
Mondays Centerspread 



HIATUS 4 The UCSD G ... rdian Thurad~y, February 10,1994 
MUS Ie 

Ronny Jordan "REMARKABLE. ELEGAN1tY BEAUI1FUL." Jazz guitarist fuses hip-hop arul jazz Imndh Tuna, Los ~ times 
UJXUIUANf, BEAUID1JL FRM 
ABOUf A LOSf VIE1NAM." ByJeffN ..... Hiatus Editor 

Ronny Jordan's funky cover of 
Miles Davis' "So What" was one 
of the early attempts to merge hip-
hop and jazz. The single from his 
1992 album The Antidote made it 
onto the pop charts in the United 
Kingdom. Jordan - who was also 
featured on GURU's Jazzmatazz, 
a 1993 album which also com-
bined jazz and hip-hop - has just 
released The Quiet Revolulion. His 
tour will include a stop at Ole 
Madrid (557-0146) in downtown 
San Diego Tuesday at 8 p.m. Dur-
ing a recent phone interview from 
his home in England,Jordon talked 
about the future of jazz. 
Do you find a difference 
between the atmosphere 
for jazz in the states and in 
Europe? 

I find jazz is not really a market 
in England. You'd be lucky to sell 
3,000 to 5,000. albums. On the 
underground scene, it ' s pretty 
strong. In the states it's more of a 
religion. Because it is the birth-
place of jazz. It 's far more more 
experimental [in Europe]. But 
when I think abou t it, if you trace 
jazz back to its origi ns, jazz has 
moved in different directions. If 

/ 

. 

Courtesy of Island Records Ronny Jordan. 
you follow it, yeah, I would say 
some Americanjazz isexperimen-
tal. 
What do you make of the 
poPl:llarity of fusin& hip-hop 
and jazz? 

Basically, jazz has been mov-
ing forward forquilea while. You 
find every 10 years the styles 
change. It's only natural that jazz 
should be married to hip-hop. My 
tour of the United States should 
cement the whole thing regarding 
that style of music. One has to go 
to a live show to experience the 
vibe. It 's beginning to get some 
overkill now that jazz-rap has 

crossed over into the media. Hav-
ing said that, it's good to see a lot 
of bands embracing that style. 
Acid-jazz has been around for a 
few years now. It could turn into 
something else. 
Hav. you .xperlenced 1liiY 
rKism In E ..... nd1 

There are a large group of Ja-
maicans living in London. You 
find them in the big cities, espe-
cially in London. You find there 
are racist things in England, but 
nowhere on the level of the United 
States. It's bad enough in England, 
but people are more obvious'about 
it in the South. I don ' t get too 
many problems, because when my 
parents came, they got pushed 
around a lot. But the younger ones 
are not going to take any shit. 
What does Quiet Revolu-
tion refer to? 

Quiet Revolution is a move-
ment of musicians who are play-
ingjazz, hip-hop, funk, blues, you 
name it. It's a fusion of all the 
contemporary styles. You find in 
London and Europe that people 
are more open to a fusionofstyles. 
Hip-hop, soul and funk have been 
part of a movement on the under-
ground scene for awhile. 
Everybody's doing it. 

jaIId Maslin, N.Y. TIDeS 

EXCLUSIVE SAN DIEGO ENGAGEMENT 
OPENS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11 

UTe 
MY GIRL 2 

THE GfJAWAY 
SCHINDLER'S LIST 

PHILADELPHIA 
ACE VENTURA 
INTERSECTION 

I'll DO ANYTHING 
IN THE NAME OF . 

THE FATHER 
MY FATHER THE HERO 

BLINK 

Coli to confirm ~ Coli to confirm 
452-7766 ~ 453-7831 

~E::XllNmD 
~~ STU[)IES 

It's like Monty Python meets the Classics New Certificate Program in 

february 27 • Sunday • 8pm 
UCSD MandeviUe Auditorium 

St. SIS, GoA. S20 
fac/Staff/5r.Cit. $18 

UCSD Box Office • 534-6467 

-, 

fii5iiiiII'~ .. _;_. 

--,~-­et .'.!,!.!-_T' •• 

Graphic Comm ... ication! 
Attend a free information session featuring 

Lee Lorenz, art editor, The New Yorker! 
Friday, February 18, 6-8 pm 

• 
Lorenz, one of the world's foremost cartoonists, 
will teach two Special Workshops that weekend: 

CartC)oning and Humorous lIIustra.tion 
Saturday, February 19, 9 am - 5 pm 
Children's Book Illustration 
Sunday, February 20, 9 am - 5 pm 

Call 594·7078 for 
reservations or information! 

The UCSD Guardian SPORT99 

PHIUP 

MII:HftELS 
Sport-o-rama-

• 

mama-Jama 
Now let me see if I've got 

this straight. Tonya Harding 
may have paid someone to 
attack rival skater Nancy 
Kerrigan in order to keep 
Kerrigan off of the NBA 
Western Conference All Star 
team. But now it looks like 
Harding may lose her chance at 
skating in the Olympics to 
Michael Jordan, who's wanted 
to return to skating ever since 
his recent retirement from the 
Vancouver Canucks. 00 I have 
the story right? Or am I 
forgetting about Harding's 
arms-for-hostages deal and 
Richard Nixon's secret tapes? 

usn Brings Tritons Back To Earth 
ABOUT FACE: After sweeping Occidental College last 
week, UCSD travels to USD and loses handily, 9-0 

I"m kidding, of course. One 
can no longer go from dawn to 
dusk without hearing the latest-
breaking news on Harding, 
Kerrigan and Jeff "My Last 
Name Looks Like a Typo" 
Gillooly. Each day the 
headlines scream out some 
new, sordid detail- Tonya 
knew about the attack all 
along! Tonya had been plolting 
against Nancy for several 
months before the attack! 
Tonya's bodyguard is really, 
really fat! 

By D_ Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

Entering Tuesday's road match 
against Division I University of San 
Diego, the UCSD women's tennis 

court. 

team knew 
thalit was in 
for a poten-
tially disas-
terous day . 
Not only are 
the Toreros 
from a Divi-
sion I 
school, but 
they are also 
ranked 23rd 
in the coun-
try and were 
playing on 
their home 

- Though the Tritons eventually 
fell, 9-0, the day went better than 
many expected. The inexperienced 
UCSD team managed to stay in most 
of the matches and even won some 
games, which was enough for UCSD 
Head Coach Liz laPlante. 

"We really held our own in singles 
and were able to stay in rallies with 
them. Most of the scores were 6-2 or 
6-1. Nobody got bageled," laPlante 

said. 
Diane Chandler, UCSD's num-

ber-one singles player, found her-
self opposite a nationally-ranked 
opponent. Chandler checked in with 
a strong outing, maki ng the first set 
close, 6-4, before finally falling in 
the second, 6-0. 

"I thought [Chandler] did the 
best. She got four games in the first 
set and had a couple of set points, 
which was good," laPlante said. 
"Her opponent was one of the tops 
in the country." 

Number-two singles player Miki 
Kurokawa also faced a challenging 
opponent. She managed to capture 
one game before falling, 6-1, 6-0. 

It did not get any easier for the 
rest of the Triton lineup. Number-
three Hillary Somers fell to hercoun-
terpart, 6-1, 6-1. Number-four 
Heather Williams lost 6-1, 6-2. 
Freshman Michele Malephansukal, 
at the number-five spot, made a re-
spectable showing, losing 6-2, 6-2. 
And number six Michelle Wilbur 
rounded out singles play, falling 6-
0,6-2. 

Because it is still early in the 
season, laPlante isstill working out 
the kinks in a jumbled lineup. 

See W. TENNIS, Page 10 
_ Jason Rilchle/ Guarcl,sn 

Diane Chandle,', retum from an Injury couldn't help the Tritons. 

What does it matter, 
anyway? As soon as the 
Olympics are over, Harding, 
Kerrigan and their figure-
skating ilk will leave the front 
pages and return to the 
obscurity from whence they 
came. In a few months, 
Harding is just another 
headliner with the Ice Capades 
along with the guy in the 
Huckleberry Hound suit. 

Tritons Slug UCSC, Tally First Win of Year 
BANANA PEELED: UCSD captures much-needed victory over a rare Division m opponent, 15-11, 15-8, 15-12 

• Ah, the Winter Olympics . 
I'll watch the hockey, of 
course, because I love the 
grandeur of the game, and I'll 
watch the luge because I like to 
watch guys who are going very 
fast crash into walls. 

But what, I ask you, is the 
deal with the winter biathalon, 
an event that combines the 
heart-pounding excitement of 
cross-country skiing with the 
exhilarating thrill of high-
caliber firearms? I say give the 
competitors assault rifles and 
sound 'em out after each other. 
U'd bring a whole new 
meaning to the term "agony of 
defeat." 

• As a rap artist, ShaquilJe 
O'Neil is a first-rate center. 
"00 you want me to shoot it 
(No!)?" Shaquille raps. "00 
you want me to pass it? (No!) 00 

See SHAQ, Paae 11 

By Dan Kraft 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
closed out a tough three-game road 
trip in Northern California on Sun-

day by throt-
tling Division 
III opponent 
UC Santa Cruz 
in a three-game 
sweep, 15·11, 
""'M~--'" 15-8,15-12for 

its first win of 
the season. 

UCSD's 
exremely de-
manding 
schedule has ' 
led to numer-
ous lopsided 

battles against overpowering Divi-
sion I steamrollers, so the Tritons (1-
7) were not about to miss this aolden 
opportunity to do unto others as oth-
ers had done unto them. 

The Triton triumph was not as 

. THE WEEK AHEAD 
• •• IIFP: 

Sat., Feb. 12, va. Cal State Los Anaeles at Triton Field, noon 
-' ........ . 

Fri., Feb. 11, va. Menlo Coli. at MaIn Gym, 8 p.m. 
W •••• • .... b .... : 

frI., Feb. 11, ¥s. Chapmen University at Main Gym, 6 p.m. 
-. 

Fri., Feb. 11, at UC Riverside at Canyon Crest, noon 
.... , .... 

Sat., Feb. 12, va. California Lutheran at Mul, Courts, 1 p.m . 
....... 

Sun., Feb. 13, va. CeI State SLO at North field, noon 

easy as expected, though, with start-
ers Tyson Kerr and' Lance Taschner 
out because of injuries suffered in 
the match against fifth-ranked 
Stanford on Saturday. 

UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik had no other choice but to 
juggle his lineup, moving the 
Triton's usual seller, Satao Minami, 
to the outside to fill in the injury 
gaps. 

"We were forced to go with a 
real makeshift lineup becauseofthe 
injuries," Dannevik said. 

Nevertheless, UCSD wasted no 
time in establishing a lead over the 
BananaSlugs, poundingouta 15-11 
game-one victory. 

"We've had trouble getting re-
laxed against teams that we match 
up well against physically," 
Dannevik said. "But we came out 
well [against UCSC]." 

The second game was a breeze 
for the visiting Tritons. The hospi-
table Santa Cruz squad allowed 

UCSD to walk all over it for a 15·8 
victory and a 2-0 lead in the match. 

In game three, the Tritons salted 
away the "W" over the Slugs with a 
15-12 win behind Steve Kremser's 
the strong hilling. The junior, who 
pounded down 10 kills on the 
evening, was the Tritons go-to guy 
with Kerr sidelined. 

The win was definitely a big one 
for UCSD, which would have had 
little hope of cracking the win col-
umn this season unless it could ac-
cumulate some much-needed con-
fidence against Santa Cruz. 

"I n order to move up toward the 
level of the Division I schools," 
Dannevik said. "We must beat the 
Division III teams we play." 

Tom Black and Kremser pro-
vided the service punch for UCSD, 
delivering two aces apiece. Black 
also tallied eight kills. 

Neal O'Brien and Cole Scarboro 
each crushed home six kills to help 
power the UCSD offensive charge, 

-

Senior Tyson Kerr 
while Dan Thomassen acted as the 
Tritons ' defensive blockade, record-
ing five blocks in the match. 

UCSD now looks ahead to its 
next contest against the third-ranked 
Trojans of USc. 

The chore will be an extremely 
challenging one for the Tritons, but 
Kerr and Taschner should return 
soon, and UCSD has played respect-
ably against the big schools. 

"When we playa team of supe-
See V-BALL, Page 11 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANDECDOTES 
Ski jumper Chuck Ryan didn't 

......... moothly ... ri •• ""' ... - ~ 
onship event in 1959. £~IJ\~, 

Uling new skis with untested • 
bindinp, the nino-year veteran flew 
clown the ramp and hit the takeoff. 
Unfortunately, his litis didn't go ..... ~ .. -----_____ Ir._·_ .... ___ _ 
with him. "1 ., P He hit the snow and skidded LE"HOti: "EE FeET A'TYItCHfP TO SICIS 
another 100 feet befora stoppiaa. 

.. 



, . 

.. 

10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

A Fiendishly Clever Qujz 

RulllaRd Regulallons: 
- Send your entry on an 81/2" by 

11" sheet 01 paper along with your 
name, year in school, college you at-
tend at UCSD, major and phone num-
ber to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 
92093-0316. Or you can drop it 011 in 
the Letters box in the front of the 
Guardian ollice, located on the second 
floor 01 the Old Student Center. 

- The entry with the most correct 
answers, as determined by judges, 
will be declared the grand prize winner 
and will be recognized when the quiz 
answers are printed the following week. 
In the event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine a winner. A maxi-
mum of 15 correct entries not selected 
as the grand prize winner will be con-
sidered runners-up. 

This Week's Questions: 
1. Who was the MVP of this year's 
Pro Bowl? 
2. What country did the United States 
defeat in 1980 to win the gold medal 
in hockey? 
3. Where were the 1968 Winter 
Olympics held? 
4_ Who are the starting guards for 
the Eastern Conference in the NBA 
All-Star Game? 
S. What aged PGA golfer triumphed 
in last week's AT&T Pebble Beach 
National Pro-Am? 
6. Where is the new spring training 
home of the San Diego Padres? 
7. What Norris Trophy winner was 
a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic 
hockey team? 
8. Who is the defending champion 
in the NBA Slam Dunk contest? 
9. What boxer recently handed Julio 
Ceasar Chavez his first defeat? 

• 5. What skier was killed last week-
end when she crashed during a race 
and broke her neck? 

U1rike Maler 
.6. Who did the Dallas Mavericks 
beat recently to tally their first home 
win of the season? 

Sacramento Kings 
• 7. What player leads the NHL in 
total points so far this season? 

Wayne Gretzky 
.8. What Division I men's college 
basketball team has held the nation's 
number-one spot for the longest pe-
riod of time this season? 

Arkansa. Razorbacks 
.9. In what year did the San Diego 
Padres baseball team capture the 
National League Pennant? 1984 
.10. What Triton men's basketball 
announcer recently fathered a new-
born bouncing baby boy? 

Matt Adams 

Thursday, February 10, 1994 

- The grand prize winner will re-
ceive a free dinner for two at BJ's 
Chicago Pizzeria. Runners-up will re-
ceive a free pitcher of Amstel Light 
Beer, or soda, at BJ's, located in La 
Jolla Village Square. A list of all win-
ners will be posted at BJ's each week 
and winners need to show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

10. Who leads the UCSD men's 
volleyball team in kills so far this 
season? 

ThIs Week's Winners: 
• Grand Prize 

Chuck Neuyenl Gu.Wt8ll 
Number-two slnll" pleyer Mlkl Kurokawe end the rest of the 
Triton women's tennis teem we,. no match for USD, losIn, 9-0. 

- UCSD students, staff and fac-
ulty are eligible to enter, except for 
Guardian staff members and employ-
ees of BJ's Chicago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass-produced entries will be ac-
cepted. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian ollice by noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within 
two weeks of winner's posting, after 
which the prize is for1eited. 

Last Week's Answers: 
• 1. Who was the MVP of 
SuperBowl XXVVIII? 

Emmit Smitb 
• 2. Which professional baseball 
team recently signed free agent Bo 
Jackson? Callrornla Angels 
• 3. Who was the first player se-
lected for this year's rookie All-Star 
game? Chris Webber 
• 4. Which golfer emerged with the 
most 'skins' in last weekend's Senior 
Skins golf match? Raymond Floyd 

Become the next Guardian 

Greg 1.olotar, Sr., Sociology 
• Runners-Up 
Chris Beite, Sr., AMES 
Tanya Brown, Jr" Sociology 
Chris Bryan, Sr., Economics 
John Cross, Sr., Biology 
Justin Farar, Sr., History 
David Footlick, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Chris Peirce, Sr., Sociology 
Jonathan Perkins, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Tim Roach, So., Com. Eng. 
Matt Ringer, Sr., Chem. Eng. 
Paul Sanders, Fr., Economics 
Brad Sims, Fr., Communications 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 
• Solid journalism experience 
• No experience necessary 
• Stipend: $55/week plus pay for stories 
• Join the award-winning Guardian staff 

Submit a resume, a cover letter and clips to: Eric Schmidt, The UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Dr. 0316, La 10lla 92093. Or drop it by our office on the 2nd floor, Old Student Center, above 
the General Store Co-op. Call 534-6580 for more information. Applications duc by: Feb. 17. 

Training begins Feb, 27 for Spring Quarter opening. 

w. TENNIS: 
USD gives Tritons a 
tennis lesson 
ContInued from .,.,. 9 

"The lineup is not set yet," 
laPlante said. "We have not had a 
chance to have any challenge 
matches." 

Unfortunately, while the singles 
matches remained competitive for 
the most part, things got ugly in the 
doubles arena. 

Kurokawa and Williams, in their 
first season playing together, were 
overwhelmed at the number-one 
doubles spot, falling 6-1, 6-0. 

The number-two doubles squad 
of Malephansukal and Somers 
matched their teammates' score, 
also losing 6-1, 6-0. 

Chandler and Annie Hoecker had 
the most encouraging doubles per-
formance, capturing two games in 
the first set, 6-2, and one in the 
second, 6-1. 

"I n doubles it was very one-sided. 
[The Toreros J attacked the ball and 
closed in a lot better than we did. 
They just hit a lot harder, and they 

were more aggressive," laPlante 
said, 

Much like singles, the doubles 
combinations are yet to be deter-
mined because of injuries. Chan-
dler, who has been suffering from 
tendonitis, is just returning, as is 
Wilbur, who has been out with a bad 
shoulder. 

Because they are just getting back 
into the groove, laPlante may still 
change the alignments. This was 
Chandler's first doubles match of 
the season. 

"Even though the girls probably 
would not admit it, I thought they 
looked good out there," laPlante 
said. 

"In years past, some of the singles 
matches have come off 6-0,6-0 and 
were over in half an hour. At least 
each singles match went an hour, 
giving our opponents a good work-
out, and we got good practice." 

Having faced crosstown rival 
USD, the team can expect its next 
match to be less than overwhelm-
ing. 

On Saturday, UCSD faces the 
Pomona-Pitzer College Sagehens oQ". 
the road. 

r-------~------------· 30 TANDAYS S25 
1111 If ... /} \} 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT . 
AlltD-oz. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
~1t ........ ,..,tIIe .... 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
& PITCHER NIGHT 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(.IIw' pm) $5 each 

2 TANS FOR $1 
r )r { 1(. l( I J I • t • ( , ,. : 

A More tanning beds than 
anyone in gan Diego 

A Large. luxurious ~alon~ 
featuring WOLI=I= beck 

A I=requent bulb change~ 

-

I 
I 

OMlcsfcn v....., I 
542-0991 I 

·' .... Io<_1oN '1Iady .... _lore. ~t _h", _ ... t ...... ClI5. I 
ND dilly -. ~. «<and _h ' ....... ,."... ..... _ tot • . ~1I5 _ VIIIv _IOIIQIlIllll 

L - ... ~ a..do - 0It0r ............ III """' 2 _1M. .J -------------------------~ 

Thur.day, February 10, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Holds Own At Open 
• NEW YEAR'. FESTIVAL: San Diego captures four of eight matches at Tempe, AZ 

By Aron Miller 
Associate Sports Editor 

Facing some of the strongest 
competition in the nation and a de-
manding schedule of games, the 
UCSD ultimate disc team finished 
the New Year's Ultimate Festival in 
Tempe, Arizona, lut weekend with 
a respectable 4-4 mark . 

"This was a big turning point for 
us," co-captain Chris Weaver said. 
"Every team was high quality and 
capableofbeatingus. Webeatteams 
that we usually lose to." 

Unlike many tournaments UCSD 
has participated in this season, the 
New Year's Festival was comprised 
of mostly "open" teams, meaning 
that most players have already fin-

SHAQ: Keep the 
day job, pal 
ContInued from .,.,e 20 
you want me to slam it? (Yeah!)" 
. Personally, I would just like him 

to come up with new lyrics. "Do you 
want me to dribble it? (No!)," he 
should say. "Do you want me to 
discuss the Hegelian Dialectic? 
(No!) Do you want me to stick to my 
day job? (Yeah!)" 

o Even though he's been retired 

ished an entire collegiate ultimate 
career. 

On the first day of competition, 
UCSD trudged through the rigors of 
having to play six matches during 
round-robin preliminaries. 

San Diego opened the tourna-
ment with a loss to San Francisco, 
11-3. 

UCSD then came back to slaugh-
ter Flagstaff, 11-1, and outlasted 
Fort Collins, 11-9. 

With back to back wins, UCSD 
took on the tourney's number-one 
and two seeds, Albuquerque and 
San Diego Open, respectivel y. In an 
admirable effort, UCSD seemed to 
be in a little over its head, falling to 
Albuquerque, 11-6, and San Diego 

for a couple of seasons now, former 
Laker great MagicJohnson st ill leads 
the league in ego (All you gotta do 
now is cut a rap album, Magic, and 
you'll have clinched the title ... ). 
The other night on TNT, Magic was 
tearing into the admittedly wretched 
Lakers. When asked if it was painful 
to see the Lakers in last place, 
Johnson replied, "It's more painful 
going to the games, That's pain-
ful.. .. I never thought in my wildest 
dreams that after I retired it would 

Open, 11-3. 
The second day of action saw 

UCSD plugged into the C Division, 
based on its 2-3 mark during the 
previous day. 

In the division's quarterfinal 
match, San Diego overpowered 
Phoenix, 8-5, sending UCSD to the 
semifinals, where the San Diegans 
butted heads with Los Angeles, 
outpointing L.A., 17-13, in a high-
scoring affair. 

In the Division C finals, UCSD 
matched up with Fort Collins again, 
this time losing, 17-10. 

"Eight games in two days was 
grueling, but everyone played with 
heart and intensity, even though we 
were dog-tired," Weaver said. 

be this bad this quickly." 
Maybe the Lakers would be bet-

ter if they still weren't dishing out 
millions of dollars to Magic each 
year because of the guaranteed con-
tract he signed before he bolted from 
the team. It would be nice if the 
Lakers were able to trade for a half-
way decent player instead of giving 
even more money to a selfish prima-
donna who's act has long since 
grown tiresome. 

,A Simple Formula, But One That Makes A Difference 

Invest in your future career 
by working as a community 
health volunteer in Latin 
America. Develop leadership, 
organizational and cross-
cultural communication skills 
while focusing on public 

health and environmental 
projects. College credit and 
scholarships are available. Write 
or call today for this life enhanc-
ing opportunity. 
Application deadline is March I. 

-7f~ 
1-800-231-7796 

Amigos de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
II_U'.~'U'll, TX 77057 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREEPREGNANCYTESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (immediate Test Resulta) 
ABORnONTO 24W£EKS (Genera! or Lace! Anesthesia) 

~m~f~ALE 
1nIurMce, HMIlh PIa". 
VIIa~~~ 

I A Mf SA 
',,:,,' f I. I, I,," Pkwy 

'(,''1, h'lk ('b01 
MISSIO~ Vlf -10 

2b·tOO Lit. ',p I 1 
f 71 ~ f It : t "0(1 

~f WPORT BF ACH 
.),,01 [llrel, SI 
1,'·1' ','" 1201 

fli/il FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 

SPORTS 11 

u 

Jason Rltcnle/ GuBII/.an 
Tom Black tallied eIght kills and two servIce aces a,elnst UCSC. 

V-BALL: UCSD 
grabs first victory 
ContInued from page 9 
rior physical ability, we relax and 
really play well," Dannevik said. 

UCSD will have this week to 
practice the patchwork lineup that 
was so effective against UCSC in 
hopes of finding the perfect combi-
nation to use against USc. 

UCSD's promising outing 
against highly-touted Stanford, in 
spite of the injuries, was a morale 

DANIEL DAY-LEWIS 
"A BRILLIANT FILM. 

RIVETING. 
Dulel Day·Lewis liVes uother 
duzllllperfOrlllllCle II what 18 

so lar llie role 01 his career." 
.JaM" M.slin, NEW YORK TIMt;S 

GRIPPING TALE ... 
AN IMPASSIONED 

MOVIE. 
Dallel Day·Lewis's Gerry Colllol 

Is a ~ creatto.:" 
· Ou'd Auen.NEWSWf.EK MAGAZINE 

DAY·LEWIS 
IS BRIUIANT. 

A spleldld elseliWe 01 tieton lid 
SOlIe 01 tH 'year's IIOSI sklll'''ly 

kietiC flllllIIki.g." 
·TIME MAGAZINE 

builder. Coupled with their victory 
over UCSC, the Tritons have to be 
looking at the USC match with more 
confidence than they 've had all year. 

"The guys are staying positive," 
Dannevik said. "Our goal is to play 
bettcr against teams the second time 
we see them." 

The Tritons host La Verne on 
Tuesday, Feb. 15, in what may be 
the Tritons only other opportunity 
to carn a victory against a Division 
III tcam this season. 

IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER 

MOVIESI Now the Guardian is really a must 
read. Forget the usual class schedule 
changes, on-campus concerts, employment 
opportunities, and housing ads. Those things 
are meaningless. From this day forward, 
each Thursday GUARDIAN will include a 
movie guidel huzzah! 

/ 



, f 

'" 

12 CLASSlnEDS 

\\\01 \c 1\11 .\1'" 
IIRII LOW! The UCSD GUARDIAN'S 
love eM wII be.,.,teed III the PrIce Center 
Ifound noon from Feb. 7-Feb. 11 . We 
welcom. you 10 u.. our , pl.ndld 
publlcallon a. your own p.r,onal 
tranll'llilllr at love. FREE VALENTINE 
ADS wII be gillen -av and your Iowd 
one(.) wII reed \hem In the cenIer-apread 
at the VaIenIIne·. Day 1IIuII. (2J3-2/10) 

BREAK INTO HOlLYWOODI Academy 
of TV Arts and Selene.. Int.rnshlp 
Program offers opportunltl.s In 24 
categorlll Including dlr.cting. 
scrIpIwrItIng, music, etc. DeIaiI. at ASIO 
meeting: F.b. 10, 6-7p.m .. PC San 

F~ Cruz Room. 534-4689. 
(2/7-2110) 
ATTENTION BICYCLISTSI All 
California vehicle code sections do 
apply on campus. STOP at STOP signs. 
Know wh .... you can and can not rid • • 
Pick up your FREE copy of the rules 
and regulations at the Transportation 
Alternatives Office (MAAC 201) or the 
UCSD Police Department . DON'T 
RECEIVE A CITATIONI (2/7-2/17) 
ATTENTION SKATEBOARDERSI 
There Is no skat.board lng , 
rollerblading , or rollerskating on any of 
the campus roads or parking loIs. This 
is enforced 24 hrs./day, 7 davs/week. 
Know wh.re you can and can not ride. 
Pick up your FREE copy of the rules 
and regulations at the Transportation 
Alternatives Office (MAAC 201) or the 
UCSD Pollee Department. DON'T 
RECEIVE A CITATION. (2/7 -2117) 

looKI Every Monday, Roundtable Pizza 
will present the UCSD INTRAMURAL 
TEAM OF THE WEEK in lhesports section 
of this fine rag. Also, henceforth, and In 
addition, each Thursday in the HIATUS 
(that's entertainment) section _ wi" list 
the rn<Mes showing at UTC and La Jolla 
Village, ok? (217-2/17) 
AIIC PACER CLUB International 
Organization quart8l1y ~er, fr .. 
decal, National meet. 0-PA, July 8 , 
dues $10. 2628 au-.ton, Cleveland, 
OH 44118. (217-2/15) 
MTV WANTS YOUIII you workout or are 
physically fit , tryout. for our new sports 
show wil be held on Thurs., Feb. tOth at 
1 p.m . Entry forms are located al the 
Canyonview Rec Center. See Darcy 
Bingham. (2/7-2110) 

AT LASTIII What you want. Premier 
Athletics and Squash Club. Professional 
facilities, equipment, and staff. 452-36t6. 
(217-2114) 
SPRING BREAK '84 - MAZATlANI 
8 days + 7 nighls - 100 free drlnksl Call 
4 details · will sell oull College Tours 
490-8067. (2/10·2/ 15) 

A/'eyoul1lerested in IiYeS'M)RDFIGHTlNG? 
The Society For Creative Anachronism is 
having a free demonstration on Friday, 
February 11 from l""p.m. in the Muir 
College Quad. (2/10) 

REVElle SEMI-FORMAl! Feb. 26 @ 
SharMan GnnIe Toney PnB, 9p.m.-la.m. 
UCSD Bole 0IIce for $91ix. (211 0-2124) 

Ski Blitz '941 Februaly 26 at Big Bear. 
Food , transport provided , $35 at 
information meeling 7:00 2/17 at OVl. 
Sponsored by TASC, contact 558-1013. 
(2/10-2/17) 

ATTENTION MACINTOSH USERS: Hard 
drives are mortal, back yours up nowl 
Your data.can be archived before ~ is lost. 
We come to you, fast and Cheapl SnapSofl 
259-1344. (2/10) 

SPR ING BREAK '94 MAZATlAN 
PARTY BUS. Come rage with us 6 
days, S nights, from $239. Trip includes 
100 free drinksl Call Colleg. Tours 
now 490-8067. (2/10-2/15) 

TTE NTION : STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING Is now hiring branch 
operators for the summer of '94 . Earn 
up to $15,000 and get the bUllness 
experience of a Iif.lIme. Call 1-800-
955 - 7557 . Position. fill i ng last 
Ihroughout California . (1110·3/10) 

Earn up to $1 ,000 -V lime someone 
receivw a MIP Refund. Send for FREE 
information. No experience N-.sary. 
"".",.fIoIMI 57 Or..", .. DrIve, SuIt. 
307. eov., 0eIaw. el9901 . (t /3-2I15) 

OeIivefydrMri-VaIentine'so.y. F*'-ry 
14. AWY at 8750 GeneHe ~42 (Costa 
Verde c.nter) 822-8888. (1/27-2110) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS' 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 wt»W is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deodlines are 3 p.rn. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.rn. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian ~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caU534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, uJolIIl, CA 92093'()316. Actu/l/ address: Student Center A, top floor. 

SKI RESORT JOBS. up to $2,000+ In 
salary & benefit. . Skl/Snowboard 
Instructorl, 11ft operators, wail staff, chalet 
staff, + 0Iher posiIionI (including summer). 
OY.r 111,000 op.nlnge. For more 
Information call : (206) 634-0469 ext. 
V5976. (1/31 -2117) 
Sales-marketing; full or part time. Sports 
and nutrition related. Excelent .... ning 
potential. Call Mike at 453-6029 for 
additionallnformalion. (1110-3/10) 

ATTENTION: foreign students from 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, 
and New Zealand . Excellent busin ... 
opportunity in your country . For 
information call 453-6029. Ask for Mike. 
(1/10-3/10) 

EnginMs: GraduaIes and ~. 
24 hour career line. 310-358-6257. 
National Job Search. Exciting 
Opportunities. (1/24-3/3) 

HAVASU: America's New Spring Break 
HoC Spot, lake Havasu, AZ.. is throwing 
America', largest party I Top-name 
Concerts, Comedians, and ~. 
"The lake WII Roar In '94r CAll 1-800-
4HAVASU. (1/27-2117) 

VIsion Comics Is lOoking for inkers and 
colorist. Send SASE, covw letter and art 
samples to: Vision Comics, C/O Carlton 
Johnson, 1455 W. 114th Street , los 
Angeles, CA 90047. (1/31 -2110) 

Sales . Executive Director - seeks 
individuals for sales /marketing . 
Environmenlal Hea~h Co. Commission. 
Patrick. 587-0623. (2/3-2/17) 

Graduating Seniors: looking for career 
opportunities? Earn what you 're worth! 
Call now! 453-1585. (2/3-2/15) 

Fooddrvers needed lor Mexi can 
restaurant in Del Mar area which is 
chang ing to full serv ice. Apply In 
person los Cabos 12955 EI Camino 
Real Ste . G -7 San Diego 92130 
opposite entrance to Edwards 
Cinema In Del Mar Highlands Town 
Cenler . (2/3 -2/21) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Needed youth 
camp counselors, skiboat drivers, 
sailing and surfing instructors. Hiring 
now, apply in person at Mission Bay 
Sportcenter, tOl0 Sanla Clara Place, 
488· t004 . (2/7-4/14) 

Marketing executives needed 
immediatelyl No experience 
necessary. We willtraln. Call453-8531 . 
(2/7-2/10) 

Local CAD/CAM company. Work In UTC 
area; 12h/Week fIeldbIe; rate $&'hr (free 
training) ExperIence with OOSJWlndows 
3.1 (Micr0l0ft Word a plus) . Preferstudenl 
with engineering/computer background. 
552-9066. (2/10-2/15) 

Marketing Production. NationaJ Mar1Ieting 
Info. Co. seek. PIT help. Need motivated 
reliable Individual to be responsible for 
producing Information based producll for 
our customers. Light phones, some 
computer skills. You wi! betrainecl. S6Jhr. 
Sara 793-4151. (2110) 
$STUDENTS$ Are you 18 or older? 
Wanna earn ~month PT/FT. 
Availablelmmed. MWto SanOiego. Needs 
you 453-1585. (2/10-3{7) 

Wannagel paid 10 Ihop? 1~. 
(2110-2121) 

FOH ~ \LE 
Honda Elite 250 Scooter '85, runs 91_ 
looks gr., nut sell, $750 abo. Kelly 
558-8417. (213-2110) 

SeIzed c.., truc:lcs, boats, 4whee1erw, 
~by FBI, IRS, DEA. Avalable 
'fOUl ar. now. Gal 1-800-436-4383 Ext. 
C-7558. (1/31 -2/10) 

For sale. Comfortable sofa with mIdcIing 
gIasa top table. $200. Coffee table $SI. 
Call 457-3037. (2J3-2/28) 

Hey STUDENTS, for sale: Black computer 
desk wlHutchcabinet. SSO you take away. 
CaiI2S8-2247. (217-2121) 

Surfboard , 8 foot Iongboard. Tri-fin X1nt 
cond, $200 obo; 14 speed Bianchi, good 
cond .. $150. CaiI558-1 024. (217-2110) 
Roundtrip airline ticket SO to oakland 
only $72.00. leave SO Friday Feb. 11 
7:45p.m., ralurn Feb. 15th 10:15a.m. Call 
ASAP. Please leaye a message for Kim. 
286-3703. (2/7-2/10) 

MAC CLASSIC, 4MB RAM/40MB HD, 
keyboard, mouse, carrying case, software, 
S500 obo, 457-4673. (2/7-2/14) 

Awesome car .tereo system. Sony HP 
removable face CD player. Alpine 5.25 
60W speakers, Infinity 6x9 80W rear 
speakers . $720.00 when new - 8 
months agol A steal at $400.00. Call 
622-0559. (2/7-2/10) 

Miracle Thigh FlIlTling Cre8m. Body toner 
with Aminophyline $24.95. To purchase 
call Monica 552-3448 todsy. (2110-2124) 

1486SX·25. SVGA Monitor , new 
keyboard + mouse, 4 Meg RAM, both 
floppl •• , 210 Meg HD, mod.m, 
Window, 3.1, DOS 8.2, Word 8.0, 
gam .. , and much mor •. "380.00 abo 
Brian @ 585-7745. (2110-2/17) 
AoIIerbIades for .... 1 Women·s sIz.7. 
Used onfy twlcel AIkIng $50.00 abo. Cal 
Dawn 552.()189. (2110-2117) 

Macintoah SE 4 Ram, 40 HD sya 8.05. 
Loaded 1500. Milsubilhi "Cordia" Turbo 
1985 loaded, v.rydean,AIC, tilt, sunroof, 
AM/FM case. , new tir .. , cruiee, new paint 
+ mor • • $2500. Call ConnIe at 538-0148. 
(2110-2115) 
Mac SE, 2.5 MB RAM 20MB HD, 1.44 
"oppy, ext. keyboard, modem. $5'25 . 
455-8868. (2110-2115) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-UCSD Stafl 
and Student DISCOUNTS . Great 
IInIncIng.~UCSD. l,21n'I20,OOO'I+ 
& 3brs $150,000+. CondoI 10 luxury 

~18NIng La Jolla, UnIY. CIty, MIra 
Meaa, Del Mar, Pac:iIIc Bct\, CIIInmont. 
Need to SEll, _ what 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE '*' dol REIMax AIeoc. 
Judith Haddox, Reateor. 619-271S-2818. 
(2/7-2128) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Own room In 
condo in Solana Beach. Waaner/dryer, 
cable, pool , one minute to beach. No 
smoking . We have two cats. $375/months 
+ 1/3 utilities, $200 deposit. Call Alon or 
lorry at 2511-9457. (1/27-2117) 

Condo for rent, UTC area, $1150. 3 bed! 
2.5 ba . townhouse, includes fridge, 
laundry. 450-5024. (1/24-2110) 

Rent Free - Share 2 BD, 2 BA La Jolla 
condo - 2 blocks fro?" beach in exchange 
for minimal care of bi-polar, diabetic 
graduate student. Seeking mature, 
responsible person. 458-1066. (217-3/7) 

Genesee Vlsta/Playmor. large 3BD 
condo for rent . Available in July. 
Includes fr idge , M/W plus bullt-
ins ,washer/dryer, cable. Pool. parking/ 
Bike, take bus 10 UCSD, walk 10 UTC. 
Very quiet. $1100. 458·5880 (D), 674-
1964 (E) . (2/7-2/t4) 

UNIVERSlTYCITYS2t!I. Famateneeded 
tor own room in nice house. Patio, plano, 
cable TV, washer/dryer, 12 "*U .. to 
UCSD. No smokers, pels , or drugspleue. 
Call Mark or Agnes 534-2391 or 534,3383 
(message). (1/3t -2Il0) 

Greeks! 
Tired of playing too 

much for the same old 

Thq~y,February10,1994 

~ ...... looIdngfDr 
........ o ... huge 1820' ...... Own 
raam.lIdwd. tocn. HDueetIMlUlyroom, 
"replace, basement, darkroom, cafe 
acroeI ..... 1250, 1/4 ...... + c1ep. 
211-1215. (1/31-?) 

LMge, clean room w/connec:1ed ba1h 
IMIMabIe In condo. $380 + "25 dep. + 1/ 
41M1. 558-2152. (213-3110) 

Aenal ... nce:Aoommate-nedlllthare. 
muter bedroom Wahel'ldryer; gated 
parIdng, gym, pool, fInIpIKe. $310 + 1/3 
t.dItIes + depod. Cal DIane 587-0t27 or 
KrIsty 535-1711. (213-2128) 

Roommatee wanted: MIF, 210 ""$240 
a.:h or 1 8IngIe $3eO. Del ~/SoIIIna 
Beach ar ... laundry, DfN, pool, ~ 
belich, ttoree. but. ContIIctTOI1793-1244. 
(213-2115) 

Uwon ... beectli Largestngleavallable 
now In Del Mar Beach Club condo. Share 
with two UCSO housMIateI. $3751mo. 
88M 234-2822 days 899-8202 nigtIIs. 
SprIng II almost here. (213-2115) 

Roommatee Wanted: NIce 3 bdr. '-In 
We.t Clalremont , 5 min. to 'UCSD, 
available April 1 $350, fInIt & tall, no 
deposit, 1/3 utilities. Cal Frank 272-0818. 
(2/1-2/22) 

Female needed to share room near 
~ UCSDIUTC .... AIIamellllleel 
$25O(negoIIabIe. 295-2334. (2/1-2115) 
Room for rent nowI UTC ••. (Women 
only. please) . $325 + 1/3 utIIitIea. Share 
bath. 625-0319. (2110-2115) 

Room In PB In appt. with 2 young 
profe8ItonaIa. AvIIIIabIe March I, 1984. 
$385/mo. John 483-0351 . (2110-2124) 
Two people to share huge master In 
Villa, of RenallSance. Furnl.hed 
except room, waaher/dryer. fireplace, 
jacuzzi. Ayailable 3/17 begin paying 41 
1. Rent negotiable. Contact Jaml or 
Tara 587-8948. (2110-2124) 
FREE 8 'x4' d .. k alHrrtbiy. Female to 
ahare with 2 femalee.1Iaater bedlbath, 
balcony. All amenltl .. + washer, dryer, 

-fireplace. UTC • tar. are •. Walk to 
Von • . S365/month. Call JolII 535 -
1278. (2110·3/10) 
Roommate wanted ASAP. Own room and 
bath in townhouse near UTCNons area. 
$3251month + 1/4 utilities. Gal Paula at 
453-5352. (2/10-2/21) 

WANTED: Mature, responsible, quiet 
male roommate. Own room/bath , 
washer/dryer . La Cimaapt, cable, pool , 
gym, nice area. $400 + 1/2 utllltl ... 
Steve 658-0761. (2/10-2/15) 

~EH\ ICE~ 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
WhIle you walt. Xerox .. ·and more. Near 
St. Germains. 452-9949. (10/25-812) 

La Jolla Barbershop. auatIty BarberIng. 
Haircuts $8.00. 49-5792. (1/3-3110) 

Lose fat without Dieting ". Doctor 
supervised Tueeday ~ lecture, or 
call 452-2882. (1/3-418) 

VioIInIVIoIa l8Ieona. You or yow ctiId(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, 
profeulonal teacher. Now accepting 
students - aH ages and I4MIII weIcornal 
Call Conrad 486-0525. (1/10-3/10) . 

ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT 
..... _1 

Greek letters? ; 

..2.1 NNE R f!..A." lIuFIJhi ""I 
~ SIIId liar • Kung PIO CIIlck." 

Give ZETAWEAR. all! 

We offer qualily double 
salin stitching 

at an affordable price. 

Full service 
to your door! 

~'ZETAWEAR ,,.~ 
(619)521·8281 
(619)923·0654 
•• iiI 

- Chow ... in • 8ekld Filii 
Broccoli a.el . Taco Bar 
5 .... & Sour POfk . Spaghetti 
EOO Roll. • _II _I 

LUNCH BUFFET 399 
1lRA&0N HaUSI 

I'Idfic Bachl 2662 Gamet 
1 WocII1IIII .. 1-5 • 272-8788 
--------

I 100/0 OFF I I I 
I .......... I 
I Net ............... I L .... JllII" -I 
--------

Thunday, February 10, 1994 

Wan! prcCllllng 01 My kind, large or 
11,..11. QuIck rIIIIm, pro' • hlOlIII quJIIIy. 
CeI ..... or Carol. 278-7312. (1/10-3110) 

Word Procenlng/Typlng: Academic 
manuecrlpta, ..".,.., 1heHa. books, 
le"ers, application •. Accurate/Fast 
service. Mary Ann 452-8438. (1/10-3110) 
GREEKS & CLUBS. Earn -'1210 for 
you,..., plue up to IISOO for your clubt 
ThIa fundraIaer costa noIhIng and ..... 
one week. Cell now and receive a fr .. gift. 
HIOO-932-0528 ext. 85. (1120-317) 

Word Proc:eulng, OIuertatlon Work, 
~allolIs, Reporis, Reeumft, editing. 
Translation, Other computer related jobl. 
459-5809. (1/24-3110) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: 
Specialty In EATING DISORDERS. 
Individual and group therapy avaIlebIe. 
Call Cindy Ryan, 571-1432. (1/27-4/4) 

"MONEY FOR COLLEGE" "35 
million unclaimed I Scholarship 
matching guaranteed I FREE booklet! 
24-hourrecordlng . (800) 434-8015 EXT 
210 . (1/31-2124) 
GREEKS I Paying 100 much for _ 01' 
leiters? Call Zetaw ..... We offer quality 
double stitching and fuN service 10 yow 
door. (619) 521-8281. (2/7·2117) 

Shlpplng/Movlng? Get your stuff 
toge1tier. we' ll do the rest. t to 1000 
pound • . The Packaging Store . 800· 
792-2298. (211-2/28) 

MULTIMEDIA PRESENTATIONS: 
Projeda, ~"'adIw~,cIIt'.1a110ii 
........ 'mpreIIM, III MY lie IeutI" 
CalIIIday 81H78-1317. (2110) 

VIlEOTAPE III CO-AOM (MACIeM). laIIJ 
""'HwsclMIeoonl(I).~ 
flallJlinJl For)1llU ... 1ddt, pdciII. .. CIIII 
Dlay81N1N31'7. "'101 

DIGITlZEOVIlEOandrrUllmeclaMaciah 
110_ ...... Make yw r.t pRljIct look 
lick. CalIDady 619-671H1317. (2110) 

\OCALNnRJCTORT~ea­
TIIh'1I, f'ow', AIrVI ~ to ~ 
FlIt MInd 0ftST0 21111-8816. flf10) 

f'IIn) IntN:tIon giVIII by ~ fI St. 
f>eIerstug. c:or-vaby, PhD ... at 
UCSO. CIIII VERA III 450-0068. (2110-2124) 

Massage - therapeutic, rehabll~atiV8 , 
pr-nive, sporte. Fr .. MIllion with this 
ad. 450-0368, Alexander. (2110·2124) 

Earn $1 00.00. Subjec:Ia wanted for a study 
on aIcohors ehc:I. II you are a~, 
Chinese, or Korean, ArnerIcan-bom male, 
call ScrIppa Research lnetitute for more 
Information. 554-7240. (1/3-3110) 

HellhyVDllnllersagee 1811145yeMaldll8 
needed III ~~ n • UCSD MIdIcaI 
eer.SUIy_, •• ",helectatlOlnlon 
hi eyebInk AIIex and on IniIn _ . 
Compe" •• " wII be p!O\IIded. CIIII 543-
2494 for i'IonllllllolL (1/24-"'4) 

•• EII~212~"" \,DlS (iJij ~ 

plannlog 

~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES , 

;;: $129 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~$139 
ALL 

specials include lenses, 
eKan, ¥CO"' kit and 
folloW up visil. 

• I'IEscItPnoNs flUID 
• GIAssis IUUCAIID 
• COMIUlI m DAM5 

• No APPOImIINf NICISWY 
Sf HAllA fpAHOt 

• •• 

Course START llATBS for the spring tests 
GMAT: Feb. 12th 
GRE: Feb.26tb 
Small classes, Free extra help, 

Great teachers, Guaranteed results. 
THE . r:lr::w.~: 558-0500 

C311N01V for more information! 
----.,...---r.-. __ _...,..._. 

The UCSD Gu.rdia. 

UCID ....... Center neede healthy 
......... 1NO. tar a 2 .... 1U1y 
IIIICU -we1irMV- $10", pMq wi be 
pnMded. CIII DIb III 5oG-2314. (1/31 ~OI 
UC8D .... , ...... Fail ....... PIa M 

~tapdalJr. C11115S0370. (1/31-21101 

Earn CIIIh or movie bell for r-a. 
par1IcipaIionl Engllth-tpeeIdng college 
",,"needed far PHD study In paydiotogy. 
s-tona take 45 minutes. Help me fInIah 
gradueIe JCIiooII Cal CarrIe, evenings, 

527~776. (213-2115) 

BULIMIC and JtruggIing? Women wanted 
for PhD study. Time is 30 rnirIt*I8. Receive 
frM consultation with .ating disorder 
1IiIrIIpIst, pr~ medical evaluation with 
a replOductiw endoCI lliotoglst, or $15.00. 
ConIIdentiaI and anonymous. La Jolla 
VIllage ProfWllonal Center. Help YOlM'seIf 
and others gel weill 492-2877. (2/7-2115) 
Help Wanted: Transport disabled man 3 
miIea to camput 3 or 4 daya a WMk. Till : 
cd avenIngs 457-t485. (2/7-2110) 
IJve.In poeItIon at Rancho Pefiasqulto's 
home. Part-time chIIdcare for two boys 
ag .. four and nine. Free room and board 
pIut 1IIary. Cal 538-1545. (2110-2115) 

f1rb. 12. The AdtiIan ~..,.., .... 
pq. HIla ... ~Oin.tldVCl.J ytI1 flf10) 

Thel.dteat£lB0W1dj .. III ...... ~ 
Epa b a FABlILOUS __ iQ8I (21101 

rparis' 
$19~ 

Costa $133' 
London $109' 
Germany $109' 
East Coast $184' 
Mexico City $ 66' 

'All Ins • • uch W/rf based on • roundl"p 
pu-chesc. T. xes nol incllrlr:d. Some: restriC -
tion. oppty. Studenl SlIM .".., be required . 

........ ...., ... "." 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price Center (by the Post Office) 

Tua.,1Ius., IlL 9-5 "III., 10.5 

Wanl Somefhing ~ for 
f}alentine's 

may? 

1451 Carnet, Pacific Beach : 
(K_,""" 
lilt WIIe ....... , 272·21 SO I 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Costa tVerde t])entis~..---, 
:$3900 

EXAM. 
"" CLEANING a 

x -RAYS (bhwiug) 
./ 

ONE nME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 
Bring this ad with you to your appointment 

.& We're open evenings and weekends! 

.& Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 

.& Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful privale office! 

.& Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• .& 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

.& Plenty of free parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
• AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Dr. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance pions and major credt cards 

Considering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~U 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you' ll probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a go<Xl thing we never tum in. 

La lolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (ncar Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet A venue 

483-1852 

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
NEW INI 

£eigfi 1(pyu 
tj)orin Scfurreiclief 
lJ(ri.sUn 'Barry SFuz,n. aim 
Megan 'Bur~tt Cil1"TU SRg{nict 
'Itrry cliristUm JU6iL. S.uVtnson 
Julie 'Daignault tj)isa 'Iha!JtT 

:;u tlSWdm U&ms 'Erin 

, -



.-. 

14 SPORTS 

Blessed Is tbe man who trusts in 
tbe Lord, and wbose bope Is tbe 

Lord. 
-J~bl7:7 

80B 
DAVIS' 
CAMERA SHO~ INC 

Discount 
Pricing on 

l:~IlQE 
SELECTION 

of .DARKROOM SUMlEs ' 
&> EQlJlPAf~NT 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSD 
Purchase Order s 

Accepte d 
7720 Fay Ave_ 
459-7355 

The UCSD Cuardian 

FREE ELECTROLYSI 
Eyebrows 
Upper Lip 
Chin 
Underarms 
Breast 
Stomach 
Bikin i Une 
Fin ger. 
Legs 

• American Medical ASlOCiation 
approved method. for problem 
cases and senaitive , kin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Fema.le. 8taff, state-Iicenaed(+'~ 
techmclane P, • • R 

"' . 

558-0888 

--------, 
I Medium Frozen I 
: Yogurt: ISSC I : ...... 1.80: 
I Soft --.. "'"Y. Toppings....... I 
I Net - - env - oIIr. Ono .... "....,... I E><Pi'oo 2/28/94. 

I 
I 
I 
I 

,..---------. 

: FREE: lli · I lopping: 
I I 
I "'D~. Net __ .,,_ I ... """'111'" __ ,,, 

IN .... _ . r.r-1!/ft/l4. ~ 

--------, 

Tbunday, February 10, 1994 

Claremont Rughy 
Clohhers UCSD 
waUE LOSS: Visitors hand San Diego 16-3 defeat 
By Jeremy M .. amed 
Guardian Reporter 

The ill-timed combination of' 
youth, inexperience, whistle-happy 
referees and the inability to play on 

its regula'r 
home field 
proved a bit 
too much for 
the UCSD 
rugby team, 
which lost 
16-3 to 
Claremont 

. College last 
Saturday. 

In a pen-
alty -ridden 
affair, visit-

ing Claremont handed San Diego 
(1-1) its first defeat in league com-
petition. 

After Friday 's downpour left 
Warren Field looking like a I~ke, 
the two teams were hastily moved to 
nearby Collier Field. 

The inconven ience affected both 
squads. Unfortunately for UCSD, 
Claremont bounced back more 
quickly. 

U Having to move to another field 
after stretching out and getting ready 
to play really disrupted the team 's 
momentum," junior Devon Shea 
said. 

Once Ihe gamefinaUy got under-

way and the intensity picked up, the 
penalty shower began. The constant 
string of infractions made it diffi-
cult for either team to generate any 
-type of momentum. 

Finally, Shea's penalty-kick 
score and San Diego's subsequent 
defensive goal-line stand sent UCSD 
into halftime with the score locked 
at three apiece. 

Unfortunately, UCSD's newly-
discovered confidence failed to carry 
over into the second half, with San 
Diego coming out of the intermis-
sion looking flat. Claremont tallied 
two quick tries and went up for 
good, 16-3. 

UCSD's youth and inexperience 
reared its ugly head in Saturday's 
loss. Many of the younger forwards 
found themselves being pushed 
around for the first time this season, 
especially in the Claremont-domi-
nated scrums. 

"We lacked the size and experi-
ence they had in serums, which, 
along with the penalties, really hurt 
us," Shea said. 

Despite the loss, UCSD gained 
valuable game experience that 
should help the team greatly as the 
season develops. 

San Diego will give it another 
shot this weekend when it travel up 
north to take on Cal State Bakers-
field. 

WANTS YOU! 

. . 

I'tlll( tI~ 

Cut 
Club 
Ind you cln lam I FREE HAlife~ Ind product dllCounll 
r.- -----------------I 

I 
I 

Haire ... 
... ,..& 
Candltllllll' $995 =- $2495 ! 

Ltnt .. "=:r...=...-.... I 

=I~.. $1395 FREE SHAMPOO : !: F.... ...... llalrcut I 
----------------*-~~* 

we e.are hair 
CllTA VElIE CEIl. 8750 Genesee 517-cuJT 

.. 7 II" • We ICCept checks • • 
L... _____ AL.WAYS A GREAT HAIR 0... ''''-_''';::=--=~ 

Tbur.day, February 10, 1994 The UCSD Cuardian 

Rlatrt wln,er Elvis Hon, handl .. the puck while movIn, up the Ice a,alnat Oranee Coast CoIle,e_ 

Hockey Surprises OCC, UCLA 
UPSTART: UCSD ups play, pushing defending-champ acc to limit, tying UCLA 
By Ted Ladd 
Guardian Reporter 

Wasn' t it General Patton who 
said that there are no retreats, only 
backward advances? 

Sy piling up big losses and gain-
ing experience, the UCSD ice 
hockey team seems to have taken 
the late general's advice. 

Until last weekend. 
Defending conference champ 

Orange Coast College barely slipped 

r---------., I - ~I 
I ~ I I ft./V~ I 

: .................. HAIR 
I DESIGN I I I 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

Ac"ss from Mann Theiler 41500420 
OIl MAlt HtGHLAHOS 

- Ne.t to Wnercnouse 1.2-8131 
CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
Ne.t 10 Vons 274-2600 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L . MANICURIST AVAIlABlE .J 
--------

by UCSD, 2-1 , on Saturday, with 
K.C. Joy scoring in the losing effort. 

Then on Sunday,theTritonstook 
on a powerful UCLA team with an 
8-1 record. Instead of retreating, 
UCSD (1-4-3) played aggressive 
hockey. 

The Tritons fought the Bruins to 
a 1-1 tie, thanks to Chris Eng's goal. 

"We're really starting to come 
together as a team," center Steve 
Schwartz .said. 

The UCSD skaters eame into the 
weekend on an upbeat note after 
battling USC to a 2-2 tie - with 
goals by Schwartz and Eng - the 
week before. 

The newfound optimism is due 
largely 10 the team's consistency 
and a solid defense led by goalie 
Paul McCrae. 

"He's probably the besl goalie in 
the conference right now," Schwartz 
said. 

Calll pUS I ntervic\vs 
febI'll ,11'\ IS, 11ILJ-l 

OLOE, America's Full Service Discount BrokerSM is 
looking for motivated people to establish a career in 
the brokerage business. 

OLDE offers: 
12-18 month paid training program 

Potential six-figure in.come 
Excellent benefits 

If you possess excellent communication skills, general 
market knowledge and the desire to excel, sign up 
for an on-campus interview on February 18, 1994 in 
the Career Center, 

If you are unable to arrange an interview call: 

1 800 937-0606 
or send resume to: 

OLOE Discount Stockbrokers 
National Recruiting 
751 Griswold Street 

Detroit, Ml 48226 

AOLDE 
DISCOUNT SIOCKBROKERS 

Member NYSE and sire 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

S Y RAe USE A B R 0 A D 

looking for a good exchange rate to 
study abroad next semester? 

1.7. GPA ... up-U,IOO.............. 1.10 caN ....... u.,ooo .... al ..... p 
...., ........................... .......... 
Syracuse University sponsors study &broad sites In 

FIor .... , Italy London, England ...... 21mba~ 
....... , Spain '.1"'.", France 

SU credit. Field trlpa/Travellna seminars • ~ntemshlps • Study fof' a semester. year or summer 
Courses teulht In English and In hoSt country lquace 

SYRACUSE UNIVDSITY 
DIvIIION 01' ItmIIUmoIw. PIoIuMI A8IIOM • 119 Euclid Awnw. SyrKute, New York 132 ...... 170 

l«1().23&-3ot72 • 3~71 

. .. . .. . ., 
. . . . . . . .... . 

• • 10 • • • •• ••• •• • •• 

SPORTS 15 

.~ Hot Food. C_I People ~I 81S Garnet Avenue, Pacific Beach 
, 174-8084 0.; 

/" Eat In, Take Out, 
-- ~-------- Deliyery 

I S I totnnIs..., purcIIase. 
I Y A L U E lJrnit one ,... ponon. Exp. l!lt!94 
-------------

~ Master Mechanics 
=== vw • AUDI • CHRYSLER === 

619 450-9494 
• BRING THIS AD TO RECEIVE A 20% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF AUDI'S • CHRYSLER'S 
MuSl presenl co,-,pon 
and veld UCSO 10 
01 lime cA eslfmole. 
Not void with major engine 
or transmission repo/fs. 

5820 Auloport Mal 
San Diego, CA 92121-251~ 
Localed In !he AUTOPORT MALL 

Your plasma could be wonh CASH! 
call 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

We urgently seek people to donate 
plasma. You'll receive: 
• Free Blood Trats I FrH Physicala 
• Paid Caab For Enry Vlalt 

Other program s that donors arc 
de s perately needed for are : 
'Wholr Blood'MoDO 'Lupua 'HIV 
·Chleke. POI ·Cha, .. 'Hrrpra 
Your blood contribution could help 
save a tife! Pyramid is a blood bank 
and plasma antibody center dedicared 
to serving our community and 
worldw i de health related 
or,aniZilion s. Call (or aa 

Sa.Dleao ~ (619)298-4011 
Saa Ylidro 

(619)690-4434 

Rebull Engines 
Irakes • Valve. 

Air Conditioning 
Air • Water Cooled 

Clutches· Electrical 
MaIntenance ServIces 

Tune-Ups. Gas a D ..... 

20% 
OFF 

TUESDAYS 
FOR UCS D SnJPENTS 

ALSO 5lNIORS ANI) j\\llITARY 

BUY ONE 
OOfFEE,GET 

2nd HALF PRICE 
1tt7111 

[) A. 

-



16 

... ' 

v 

The UCSD Guardian 

BASKETBALL f{.lllhllll.!' IhrllllJ.!h Il'h, S 
rank/team record 
MEN'SAAA FLOOR HOCKEY "t.IIHlilll.!' and 1l'.Hlilll.! "lOrl'r, 
1. Pass the Dutchie 5-0 
2. The Drums 4-0 
3. Get Shitty 3-1 
4. Men Among Boys 3-1 
5. Stink Box 2-1 

WOMENS 
I.Xenopucks 4-0-0 Gretchen Jimenez 10 
2.Finess 2-0-1 Unda Theriault 7 

MEN'SAA 
I. 4 Da Citho 3-0 
2. The Air wn There 5-0 

3.Chicken Boo 1-1 -1 Joan Cereghino 6 
4.Mom & Her Clan 2-1 -1 Rina Ketudat-Caims 5 
5.Golta Shallow 1-0-3 Jen Yucel 5 

3. Six Inches on White 4-0 6.Motherpuckers 1-1-1 Ula Reading 4 
4. Runnin ' Rhubarbs 5-0 7.Troubleshooters 1-1-1 Trina Arth 4 5. Alcoholics 3-0 
6. Die b~the Sword 4-0 
7. Run ' Gun 4-0 MENSAAA 
8. We Slammed Yo Mama 4-0 
9. Josh & 4 Other Guys 3-0 
to. Kool and the Gang 3-1 

I.Wayne 's 8$ Machine 2-0-1 Mark Sniderman 8 
2.4 Play wI Eric & Mark 1-0-1 Steve Schwartz 6 
3.Sugar Pucks 2-1-0 Kevin Fleet 5 

MEN'S A 4.Bult Ends 1-1-0 2 tied at 4 goals each 

MENSAA 
I.Xenopucks 3-0-0 John Brotherton 12 
2.No Ice? 3-0-0 Eric Rosenthal 9 
3.John Bobbit's Stick 3-0-0 Mike Nguyen 8 
4.Bom In Da Butt . 3-0-0 Derek Bennett 7 
5.Decrepit Old Men 3-0-1 Geoff Susuki 7 
6.Shoot To Kill 2-0-0 Rajan Patel 7 
7.Matadors 2-1-0 Malt Conner 5 
8.Sizzel Chest 2-1-0 Darren Gregoise 5 
9.00 Yacht Club 2-1-1 Steve Unke 5 
to.Extra Crispy Chicken 2-1 -0 Gurmohan Syali 5 

MENSA 
COED I.Food Service Workers 4-0 Mike Settani 16 
I. Ai Ya 4-0 2.We Have No Clue 4-0 Marine Calderon 8 
2. So Smooth II 4-0 3.Get Sloshed 3-0 Doug Prather 7 
3. We ' re All Inbred 4-0 4.Hail To The King Baby 3-0 Brian Holland 6 
4. Warriors 4-0 5.Tiberius 2-1 Greg Mate 5 5. The Jom 3-0 6.Hooter Hunters 3-0 Kyle Springer 5 

WOMEN'S 7.Pimp-Slap-Shot 2-1 Sam Nadel 5 8.Rics Your Stick 2-1 to tied at 4 goals each 
1. Uh-Huh 3-0 9.Last Batch 2-1 2. The Nap~s 2-1 
3. Lucky's i~tmare 3-1 10.What Foul 2-1 
4. Fish out of ater 2-1 
5. Lets Do It 2-2 

I.M. GOLF TOUR TO FEATURE WINTER SCRAMBLE 
h 'Il 'II •• n 2:; . Sh'l'll ( a/l,' 0/1 (.,,11 ( 0.11' 

Thuriday, February 10, 1994 

TABLE TENNIS 
FINALS SHOWCASE 
CAMPUS TALENT 

Champlo .. CI'Owaed la two 
dlvIsIo .. 

Russi8as, GeI'llWllt 
Koreaas, ladoDHiaal aad , 
America .. gatbered la tbe Main 
Gym Last Saturday mo ....... A 
NATO meetlag? AD Intel'lUl-
do .... studies group? Nal It was 
some of tbe bat athletes on 
campus p"ylag the sport they 
love, table teDDis. This sport 
doesn't beloag simply in a weD 
drased garage. It w .. serious 
action in tbe Mala GymJTabie 
Tennis Palace last Saturday. 
Every type of cut, spla, sHee, blast 

. and lob shot was unveiled during 
tbe six boun of competition. 

As tbe dust began to 
settle, H was DO surprise to see tbe 
defeading champion Andreas 
Lababn acJ'OSll tbe table from tbe 
PresIdent of the Table Tennis 
AsIodatloa, SaUu Nemaaa la tbe 
title match. They spOt tbe lint 
two games, but Lababa bepD to 
show the wear of resurfadag 
from tbe losen side of the 
bracket. The Prez swept the _xt 
two pmes to anDeX tbe title. 

. The DOYke division 
dowed tbe less experienced 
p1a,en a clwace to abow oft tbeir 
bonae-made ........ David 
Fukaai boiled ............ tile 
family IiWllI'OOIa ~ 
hammered by older .. a 
Idd. It 1laaU, ..... oft .. be trOD 
a gruellag s-p.er over V .... 
Parekh. 

Sure the PGA pros may be coming to town, but all the serious action on Friday, Feb. 25, will be out in the East County. That's when one of the most popular 
events on the I.M. Golf Tour will be played at the exotic Steele Canyon Golf Course in Jamul. 

The course has been featured In a number of golf publicallOns and is like none other in San Diego. It was Designed by Gary Player and brin~s much of the 
natural surroundings into play. And if you do hit one off line and into mother nature, don 't go too deep looking for it. There is plenty of natural wildlife and much of it 
isn't real friendly and doesn ' t have any shoulders. 

The format is John Daly 's favorite, the scramble. Grip it and rip it! Hey, if it isn't right down the middle, no big, someone else in the group can get one in. For 
the un-initiated, under this format all four players in each group will play each shot from the same spot and will wind up with the same score at the end of the day. 
EverYOAe drives from the tee. The best tee ball is selected and everyone meets there to hit a second shot. From those four shots the best one is selected and so on. You 
should never have to p'lay from behind a tree or out of a back lard. And, no-one should end up with triple-digits. 

Sign-ups Will begin on Monday and space is lim 'te . To sign up or get more information, head down to Canyonview. The fee is $27 and this includes your 
green fees, cart, prizes and refreshments. Don 't miss out on your chance to shoot a round in the 70's or maybe even 60's in the Winter Scramble. 

L-----

~::; 8 t 
......... MEAL 

DEAL 
MEAL AnY12"Sub 2hz. SOft ' drink ..... 

ch'ps DEALS_$4_99----J 
VAUD ONLY AT COSTA \n"IK. "","_ LOCATIONS. ~LIAH .. " U INT UCSD 10, Ell ... 2117184 

6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!50 GENESEE IN rHE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

o 

• Dine-in 

Chicago Pizzeria • Carryouf • Delivery 
Pin. • P.e •• • 8andwiohee • 8a/rut! La JoIa ViIa&e &quare 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
466-0882 


