
ILSIWHIHI 

Milk .. Will ..... 
UCLA ConbllCt 
SACRAMENTO -
Convicted junk-bond king 
Michael Milken agreed to 
withdraw his controversial 
video-marketing contract 
with the University of 
California. according to UC 
Regent Ward Connerly. 
Connerly joined other critics 
in claiming that the 
University of California had 
been lured into helping 
Milken rebuild his reputa-
tion. Milken, who intended 
to give his Education 
Entertainment Network 95 
percent of the profits from 
his video sales, will still 
have the right to use the 
tapes, but without the 
benefit of the university's 
name. 

DA VIS - Students from UC 
Davis rallied on the steps of 
the state Capitol building in 
Sacramento last week to 
promote public awareness of 
breast cancer. Participants in 
this year's rally, an annual 
event sponsored by 
organizations including Save 
Ourselves and the American 
Cancer Society, focused on 
the need to generate and 
stabilize funds to be used for 
breast cancer prevention and 
research. Prior to the rally, 
many organizations in the 
Davis community participated 
in breast cancer a.lleDess 
events. 

Youth to Attend 
...... SchooI 
IRVINE - Twelve-year,old 
Masoud Kartehabadi, a UC 
Irvine student who calls 
himself "the real Doogie 
Howser," will graduate from 
the university next month. 
Karkehabadi, a child prodigy 
who never attended 
kindergarten, junior high or 
high school, plans to enter 
medical school this fall. 

INSIDE 

CROW 
.-A1US: Mall ScbnUla' 
reviews Brandon Lee's 
last film III 

...... :Women's 
water polo aims for 
IDOCbtr aadoaal title 11 

INDEX 

UCID .................................. I 
CALYlJlla __ .................... I 
(IIIIIIf .................................. 4 
BlAM ........... : ...................... RI 
aAMIIIIII ........................... 14 
.......... ~ .............................. I. 

, H I u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE 13 

Senate Recommends P.E. Closure 
DECISION: Monday's 
forum fails to change the 
minds of senate members 
By Max M. Seltzer 
Guardian Reporter 

. The Academic Senate passed a 
resolution Tuesday calling for the 
closure of the Physical Education 
Department despite a Monday af-
ternoon forum attended by hun-
dreds of opponents of the pro-
posal. 

The Academic Senate passed 
the resolution 12 to 1, saying the 
department will not be viable with 
only permanent faculty and no 
additional funding. 

In the decision, the senate pro-
posed that the department's func-
tions "be merged with tltoseofthe 
campus recreation department." 

Speakers at Monday's meeting 
pointed to issues such as the de-
cline in the quality of education 
and accessibility of "pay-to-play" 
classes as reasons for maintaining 

the department. The forum lasted 
almost two hours and was attended 
by students, faculty, professional 
sports figures and television news 
cameras. 

"The P.E. Department has a 
broad influence," said graduate 
student Roland Rick. "It involves 
students of every major and disci-
pline... . I have yet to be disap-
pointed by a P.E. class, which is 
more than I can say for any other 
departmen t. " 

Many expressed concerns that 

sports classes transferred from the 
P.E. Department to academic de-
partments will be of a lower cali-
ber. 

''The issue is qUality. Everyone 
should have an equal opportunity, 
and this [disestablishment) 
amounts to a privatization of the 
department," said graduate student 
Paul Conley. "You will be forcing 
the students with interests outside 
of the classroom to pay a dispro-
portionate amount for a complete 

See P.E., Page 8 

Brown 
Symposi~ 
Stresses Hope 
By 0 .. K ....... 
Co-News Editor 

Some of history's most courageous political lead-
ers sat side by side Monday to reflect on the signifi-
cance of the landmark Brown v. Board of Education 
decision and to ,auge society's propIIItoward former 
Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall's goal of 
integration. 

1beevent was sponsored by the Thurgood Marshall 
Institute. 

The nine speakers described a modem-day educa-
tional system still divided by racial barriers, but they 
voiced optimism for the future, encouraging the next 
generation to join the struggle for equality. 

Jack Greenberg, who argued alongside Marshall in 
the Brown case and eventually succeeded him as 

. NAACP General Counsel, gave the first keynote 
address, which outlined "how America went from a 
regime where [segregation) was legal.. . to one in 
which it was not only illegal, but immoral." 

Greenberg also described the climate of the period 
in which Congress, at the urging of 101 southern 
congressmen, came within one vote of depriving the 
Supreme Court of much of its jurisdiction following 
the Brown decision. 

Former NAACP staff attorney Robert L. Carter, 
who also argued Brown before the U.S. Supreme 
Court, followed Greenberg's remarks with his recol-
lection about the degree of concern surrounding the 
case "because we were, in a sense, attacking segreg. 

See BROWN, Page 3 

Charges Against AASU Dropped for the Second IlDle 
DElATE: Wagner seeks 
resolution to dispute 
over NOI forum 
.,II1II ......... 
StatrWr#Nr 

After filin" witbdrawin, and 
refiliDa I Judicial Boud cbarse 
apinat the African-American Sw-
cleat Union (AASU), Muir ICDior 
Joeb Waper apia withdrew his 
cbaqe tba& the orpnization via-
tared SIrII,,. Y. R.,~ in its April 
22 forum. The event featured 
.,..an fmm die NMioa oflalam 
(NOI),. CODIrOveniaI bIac:t MUI-
Um OI'JIDi~. 

When Wagner learned that the 
AASU hid contacted the National 
Association for the Advancement 
of Colored People's (NAACP) le-
,al office for advice on the matter, 
be decided to drop IbecbarJe again . 

"Had I not witbdrawn tbe 
charpa, I believe that the AASU 
would have filed a lawsuit apinJt 
theunivenityforbeariqlbecue, " 
W .... said. "In tbis time of 
ftuncial resaaiDtlDd fee iDcreues 
for 1CUdeats, I did DOC want to incur 
u"""""'Y leall fees. 

'"If die AASU iI DOC in compli-
ance witb SlrUtII •• R"mb, it is 
the SOFEB [Student Oraaniza-
tiona FiMllCe EliJibility BoMI) 

and the university that would be 
open to lawsuit," Wagner added. 

After he first filed the charge, 
Wagner and AASU members met 
in an effort to achieve a "mediated 
compromise," according to Wagner. 

"If peace wu achieved and an 
apology was issued by the AASU, 
that wu the most important iUlIe 
for me," Waper said. 

AASU President Anthereca 
Bdmenon said sbe agreed tbaa "tbe 
bearin, proceu wam't the thing 
that needed to happen. We needed 
to talk." 

Oae week later, thoup, both 
sides said they felt the •• OOa-
tionIbid failed and Waperrefiled 

his charge. ''The AASU didn't 
make any substantial effort to ad-
dress the problems raised by the 
NOI visit," Wagner said. 

Edmerson, however, said she 
now believes that Wagner's intent 
throughout the process was to file 
a clwJe. "He filed a charge be-
cause he is anP>'. His goal has 
beea to punish the AASU, to get 
IOIDeODe else to say that what the 
AASU did wu wrona," she said. 

Edmerson contends that 
Waper's charge is "frivolous. 
unfouQded," and ilJeaitimate on 
several pounds. "There is a cer-
tain procell you have to follow 

See AAIU, Pace 8 



2 NEWS 

Hackers Break Into 
Computer 'Vault' 
PRANK: UCSD students devise a clever way to 
access a computer-controlled cash contest 
By Elizabeth Meek .... 
Staff Writer 

Twelve UCSD students took 
their computer skills out of the 
classroom last week and into the 
real world, hacking their way into 
a computer program controlling a 
S I 0,000 telephone contest offered 
by KCBQ-FM radio. 

In the contest, 
called the "Black 
Vault," participants 
call the frequent lis-
teners' line at the sta-
tion and enter their 
personal telephone 
numbers. then at-
tempt to guess a 
unique combination 
of numbers by using 

associated with Avicola's phone 
number. 

Once they found it. the UCSD 
students considered themselves 
SIO,OOO wiMers. 

Unfortunately for them, KCBQ 
didn't see it that way. 

According to the station's Presi-
dent and General 
Manager Bob 
Hughes, the 
UCSD group "is 
alleging, in order 
to collect the 
prize, that be-
cause it was pos-
sible to cheat, it 
was permissible 
to cheat." 

a password given "I asked the 
over the air. 

Hughes added 
that the hackers 
violated a rule 
which prohibits 
guessing more 
than once using 
one password. 

After studying [deejay): 'EYen 
about problems in If I cheat, M 
concurrent systems 
in a computer sci- 1_ .. 1 ,at the 
ence class. senior 10 digits, do I 
Todd Ruth realized 
he could break into win?' He .. Id, 

Ruth said that 
despite the fact 
that they didn't 
win the casb 
prize, the group 
was satisfied. 

the system. 'Fine, '0 ....... .' 
"I asked the 

[deejay] ; 'Even if I My main 
cheal. as long as I motlyatlon for 
get the IOdigits, do I doln," WM the 
win?' He said, 'Fine, 

"We wanted 
token recogni-
tion," said Ruth. 
"KCBQ got a lot 
of publicity out of 
it. " 

go ahead,'" Ruth way the deeJa, 
said. "My main mOo brushed me 
tivation for doing it off." 
was the way the 
deejay brushed me 
off." 

Led by Ruth and 
fellow senior Greg 
Avicola, the group found a glitch 
in the computer system which al-
lowed them to discover the 10-
digit combination within three 
hours. 

However, because they violated 
contest rules. the hackers won't 
receive any money from the sta-
tion. 

Ruth said his scheme depended 
upon acquiring a collection oftele-
phones in one place. 

With the owners' permission, 
A vicola commandeered the tele-
phones in two suites of Tenaya 
Hall. 

To break into the system, the 
poup of students made 11 simul-
taneous calls to the computer, each 
caller entering Avicola's home 
telephone number. 

According to Ruth, the com-
puter was fooled into thinking that 
only one person was using 
Avicola's number. 

This made it possible for the 
students to enter digits one at a 
time. using the process of elimina-
tion to deduce the combination 

-Todd Ruth 
Hacker 

to do." 

"I was pretty 
laid back about 
the wbole thin,." 
said A vicola. "It 
was kind of fun 

After a meeting with station 
personnel, Ruth and Avicola were 
presented with copies of the pro-
motional spots that the station has 
been airing about the incident, as 
well as some CDs, T-shirts and 
other KCBQ promotional items. 

The exploit won the admira-
tion of the Promotional Broadcast 
Network: which designed the digi-
tal phone system used in the con-
test. 

The company presented Ruth 
and A vicola with a check for 
Sl ,000 "for finding the bug" in the 
system. according to Avicola. 

Because KCBQ saw no crimi-
nal intent. the station will not file 
charges against the students. 
"We're not getting into the legali-
ties." said Hughes. "It·s not an 
appropriate action." . 

Hughes said that Ruth's group 
showed "ingenuity. clevemesund 
understanding of how computer 
systems work: .... No damqe has 
been done. It only added to the 
fun." 

DIIC sc:eu.DT, Editor In Chief 
JAION IITCHII, ProducfJon AI.".,. 
DOUI ALO ...... Opinion Editor 
' IIIAMIION -....01, Copy Editor 
...... .ucKNIII, Gr¥hlc. Editor 

The UCSD Gurdiaa TlaanclaJ •• Y 12. 19M 

ETCETERA. • • 
. CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

\IF(. ~ IQ4 Do t)J IWCE 000 \V.'f .~ 
A \OMIii ·OI~ QU. ~ 1\£~, CALVIM . 

0JIl MaIEl ~ ? 1M) 0t4 ENmI ~ 
'tAl ~T 10 ou.? 

llGaS NtE 'S'j ~IIG. 
I M.w..'IS ~ ltIQIT /&.EEl' 

""-'--.._-'1 'tKJ.I 1 LI~ '10 I\Cl8as 
w.rs 1lH>~ 

I~,{ 
~WE1lE 

~~ 
SWRtIfD at 
M. 1IIQIWI.1 . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

-'-''\\11..". 

\~ 
)i /;:::;:- ::: 

" oJ 

Professors Elected to Academy 
The American AcIdemy of Alta and ScIences eIect8d 

five UCSO faculty members to Ita prestl&fous acad-
emy: Kurt Benlrschke, Robert Dynes, ClMI Gra..,-, 
Norman Kroll and Michael Rothtchlld. 

Benirschke, an ~unct profeuor of patho~ at 
UCSD since 1970, currently studies placental path0l-
ogy to ..-mIne the relatIonIhlp between prenatal 
injury and the development of cerabnII palsy. [)Jnes, 
a physics professor since 1991, has contrIKrted to 
the progress of fow.temperature physics. Grarcer, an 
economics professor at UCSO since 1974, Is recot 
nlzed for his work on tIme-teries analysis. Kroll, a 
professor of physics at UCSD since 1962, has pul> 
lished his researcll in elementary.partlcle physics, 
microwave electronics, nuclear physics, plasma phys-
Ics and free electron lasers. Rothschild, an economics 
professor, Is the dean of social sciences at UCSD end 
researches the economic theories of Imperfect 
Imfonnatlon and uncertainty. 

The AmerIcan Academy of Arts and Sciences was 
founded in 1780 by John Adams and other leaders of 
eerty AmerIca. 

CALPIRG to Hold Work..thon 
Fundnd ..... Event 

CAlPIRG will sponsor the 10th annual Hurcer 
Cleanup on Saturday, May 14. The cleanup work+ 
thon will both raise money for organizations In need of 
funds end assist the San 01. community. Students 
will be sponsored for various Wlunteer efforts In the 
community. 

The short-tenn achievement of the cleanup will be 
an aesthetically Improved c:ommunIty, while the IorW-
term achievement will be fundlrc for orpnlzatlons 
that provkte services for hul1fY and homeless IncI~ 
viduals. 

Students Interested In pettlclpatll1& In the cleanup 
should meet at the Growt Cef'fe at 9 8.m. on May 14. 

For mcnlnfonnatlon. contact CALPIRG representative 
KatIe Weatherup at 554-1836. 

ScrI ..... Pr ••• nts ExIdbItIon 
of Neutlc.1 TOJ. 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum at Scripps 
Institution of Oce~phy (SIO) will present "Waves 
In Toyland" beClnnlrc Thursday, May 19. The new 
exhibit of antique nautical toys will be displayed in 
celebration of the magical connection between chil-
dren, toys and the sea. 

Toys dating from the 1880s to the present are 
included in the brI~ exhibit. The model 
ships and boats, dolls, beach toys, board games and 
educational toys originate from the collection of 
Lawrence Scripps Wilkinson, a member of the family 
that fotrIded SIO In 1903. 

"Waves in Toyland" will be on display in the New 
Perspectives Gallery of the aquarium, which Is open 
dally from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission to the aquarium 
Is $6.50 for adults, $5.50 for seniors, $4.50 for 
students and $3.50 for children. For mcnlnformatlon 
call the aquarium at 534-F1SH. 

Fifth CoIl.,. F ..... r .. 
Student ~ Showcase 

The Rfth College Wrltlrc Protram will present Its 
third amual Student Wrltlrc Showcase on Thursday, 
May 26. The showcase is desf&ned to allow outstand-
Ing students, most often In their first or second year at 
UCSD, to present their worIc at an Informal academic 
conference. 

All of the papers are from "Maklrw of the Modem 
World" a two-year, Interdisciplinary world history and 
cMllzatIons sequence. Parents and peers are encour· 
aged to attend the showcase. For more information 
call 534-4935. 

EdIoIIaI: 534e51O. au ...... 0IIIcI: 534-3488, fa 534-7 .. 1 
UCSD G......, 9100 a ..... Drtve 0318, 

... .101 .. , CA .2013-0318 
~ --: --FIeor. UCIO ....... c:- ...... 'A' 

f • 

Thand.y •• y12.19M 

BROWN: 
c.tInued ......... l 
tion head-on." 

Melba Beals. one of the first 
African-American students to en-
roU in an inte,rated school. began 
the second portion of the sympo-
sium by giving a personal perspec-
tive on the aftamath of the decision. 

Beals described the turmoil cre-
ated when armed troops were sent 
in to Arkansas to protect the lives 
of the "Little Rock Nine" as they 
entered the all-white Central High 
School. 

After the first day, said Beals, 
"we ended up having to escape for 
our lives." Beals said she remembers 
overhearing a discussion between 
white students who had the idea of 
hanging one of the Little Rock Nine 
to scare away the other eight. 

Despite the continued threat of 
violence, the black students reo 
turned to the school. 

''To not go back to Central High 
School was living with the status 
quo." Beals said. 

Despite the significance of the 
Brown decision. many speakers 
said they feel society bas a long 
way to go before the goals of 
Marshall are fully realized. 

"Brown has managed only cos-
metic social changes." said Carter. 
"Brown did not transform this coun· 
try into a raceless and classless 
society." 

"Our schools are unequal." he 
added. 

UC President Jack Peltason. 
who discussed the difficulty of 
implementing the Brown decision. 
said, "I think we've desegregated 
schools, but I think we have a long 
way to go to integrate them." 

Western ReJional Counsel for 
the NAACP Le,a1 Defense aod 
Education Fund Connie Rice said 
that minority students who are 
bussed into mostly white schools 
are often immediately separated 
into different classes which are 
lower in educational' quality. 

Rice also said that because 
schools receive more money for 
students in Iower·track classes, 

YIkOli ZOlotom/GUMI1IMI 
Jec:k areen .... 

many minority students are auto-
matically labeled as learning dis-
abled. These labels, added Rice. 
stay with the child forever and 
contribute to feelings of alien-
ation from mainstream society. 

San Diego County teacher Pe· 
ter Brown said he agreed that such 
practices are a major concern for 
today's educational institutions. 
''Tracking is alive and well in our 
schools." he said. 

"I believe that the education 
system in California today is in 
chaos," said Mario Obledo, who 
prepared the historic school·fund-
ing caseSonAnronio v. Rodriguez 
as an attorney with the Texas 

The UCSD Guanliaa 

Mexican-American LegaiDefeme 
and Education Fund. 

UCLA Professor of Constitu-
tional Law Kenneth Karst said that 
if one were to measure the effects 
of Brown by figwes on school 
integration. "today's symposium 
miaht weU be billed as a wake." 
However, Karst said that one must 
consider more than school integra· 
tion to judge the success of Brown. 

"Brown was. after all, a turning 
poinlforourconslitutional ~." 
said Karst "After Brown, race rela-
tions would never be the same." 

Rice also emphasized the im-
portanceoftheBrown decision in 
launching the battle for equality. 
adding that it is still being fought. 

''The significance of Brown was 
that it was the death kneUof Ameri-
can apartheid," said Rice. ''The 
glad is half full, people, and we 
have not stopped. [Marshall. 
Greenberg, Carter. et al.] have 
passed on the torch to us and it is 
our responsibility to finish the job." 

Many speakers joined Rice in 
urging students to become active 
on issues of racial equality. ''The 
times demand leadership," said 
Obledo. "And what an exciting 
time to be a student at the Thurgood 
Marshall College where you are 
taught diversity and cultural ap-
preciation." 

Beals said that although the situ· 
ation may look bad today. it is 
certainly worlds away from 1954 
- a fact she was reminded of 
when she recently revisted Cen· 
tral High School. 

"When I got to the top of the 
stairs," said Beals. "a young black 
man walked out ... and be bowed 
and said, 'Welcome to Central High 
School. I am the class president .. , 

TOTAL TEST PREP 
Applications 
'ID H •• 
'11 33.000 
'12 37._ 
'13 43.000 
'14 52 .... ? 

No. of SPICII 
'10 17,000 
'11 17,000 
'12 17,000 
'13 17,000 
'14 17.000 

You WANT TO GET THROUGH THESE DooRS 

THE COMPETITION HAS NEYER BIIN TOUGHIR 

WE ARE COMMITTED TO HELPING YOU GET THERE 

We are the first MCAT prep company to provide a complete 
suite of pre-med admissions services (C.h.e.s.s.TN Seminars 
in Pre-Planning, Applications, Secondaries, and the Inter-
view) free to all Hyperleaming students. 
We are the first MeAT prep company to puhlically commit to 
admissions tracking for all our students. After your test 
scores, this is the statistic that really counts. 
Our expert instructors will guide you through the most 
meetings, hours, and most in-class testing available for the 
MCAT. Optimal pacing and motivation, in addition to our 
thorough review materials give you maximum gain. 

w. Set the Standard. 

A 
...-L 

< IQl> 455-1000 
. JiIIIIi U. ~ V ... 
~!! !!J!'~!!'J:/SJiiJ}:J:'1!r.~ 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROlliNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIlE 

toiaJ"J/a !f tilT R eg,/e«l 
ServIng the UCSD pre-medlcal community Iince 1985 I 
* M.D.'s TRAiNING M.D.'S-OF-THE-FUTURE * 

• INIENSU'E MCAT preparation &. medical school application! 
admissions assistance arc all we do! 

• MCAI EXPERTS: an independent program laught by UCSD-uained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
Ph.D. faculty . 

• 0RlGINAIO& not simulator. of inlensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
"10 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application &. admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MCAT & admissions strategy handouts, problem sets, & 
MeAT-quality timed practice exams. 

" REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take-home practice. 
" DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & med students. 

• MORING, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses. 

-APPLY NOW! 

r.tutt~~ 
and \dd UCSD D 

~lImeol_. 
Not \dd -. mcjorengne 
01 Ira .. ,....,.., /8POb. 
IaJ AI*JpaII Mal 
San OlIgo, CA 92121-2514 
lGc:cRd In .. AUJOIIOIf MAIl 

456-8488 

hbuIt EngInes 
111* •• Valves 

Ak CondIIIoIling 
AlIa WCiMf Cooled 

Clutches • Electrtcal 
MallIIenanc:e Serllces 

Tune-Upe • Gala DIesel 

. &~&~ 
OPTOMETRY 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
~---------T----------
"2" PAIR I DISPOSAB~E 
CONTACTS I CONTACTS $55* : u:~~) $69* 

I . 
·ow snrcr ~ DAII DT1IA.l 'SI:LECT UII5D EMIl ElIllIA. 
~--------- ----------UTe E.~"I[S 711/94 4 5 1052 (NEXT TO NoRDsTROM) 5 • 



.. OPIIQON 
.......... , ... ,U."I9N 

PINION 
Perspectives on the /srael/PLO Pact on Palestinian Autonomy 

LINES IN THE SAND 
COMMENTARY: 
Halting settlements necessary 
for lasting peace 

. Zone. of 

. Self Rule 
: COMMENrARY: The peace 
: process must continue, but 
• slowly and with caution 
• By .,..,.... A........... . The Golan Heights, • By AmIt ........ 

Opinion Editor • West Bank and • CotttrIbutItW OpInlOII Writer 
The image was shocking: Arch-enemies • G S : 0 N SIIPr. 13. 1H! STAll! Of Israel 

Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat It the· aza trip were andthePLOlignedtbCDcclara. 
White House on Sept. 13, shaking bands • occupied by Israel tiooofPrincipiea(DOP),agree-
after signing the PW/Israel Declaration of • in the 1967 War. ing to iIIIIitute PaJettiniaD self-
Principles (OOP). The mutual approval of • rule in the Oua Strip and 
the declaration - essentially I blueprint for • • 
Palestinian autonomy in the Israeli-ocx:u- • • 

• pied territories -was a step that most of the • • 
world thought the two sides would never • • 

~. . 
It dido't come naturally. One of the major • • 

stumbling blocks to negotiations was Israel's • 
refusal to recognize the PW as a legiti- • 
mate representative ~f the Palestinian Jerusalem . 
people. To the Israeli government, the • • 
PW was a terrorist organization. Given : 
that the PW bas been the most popular PaI- • • 
estinian political organization - and one of • • 
the most moderate for severaJ years - this • : 
essentially amounted to denying Palestinians • • 
representation. And despite claims to the con- , 
trary, the PW moderated its infamous anti- • • 
State oflsrael stance long ago. The PLO bas • 
been willing to negotiale a two-state Il1O- • 
lution for many years. • 

There were several changes which • 
prompted Prime Minister Rabin's gov- • 
emment to reverse IsraeJ's traditionaJ po- • 
sition: U.S. pressure for negotiations, inter- • 
naI demands for peace, growing Palestinian A 80 UT 
radicalism and the PW'swillingness to com- : i • 
promise - some would even say capitulate. . • 

After decades of being demonized as a TH E [lACT . 
madman hell-bent on annihilating Israel and • : r n . 
killing Israeli women and children, the Sept. • 
13 signing marked tbe end of Arafat's quick • • ............ In JerIcIIo...... . 
flight to First World respectability. This ... ---•• ~ 
role reversal spilled onto the pages of P .... tInIM 8UthoItty: Palestinians have • 
every daiJy and newsweeldy in the United control over a broad range of Internal : 
States. Perhaps its most enduringexpres- affairs, Including health services, • 
sion was Time magazine's cboice of education, police, zoning, air seMce and • 
Nelson MandcIa, F.W. de Kim, Rabin finance.: 
and Arafat as 1994's "Men of the Year." I.,... 8IItborItJ: Israel will maintain : 
As South Africa prepared to bury apart- control over military security In the • 
heid, Israclis and Palestinians began nego- • occupied territories, the protection of : 
tiatiOlll over a Palestinian homeland. International boarders and external • 

Although the ..... .....:-:--....;,..,.. ....... were • '-~"'_T_""'" MCUrIty,amllltarylnstailationareaonthe : 
finally being acImowledpd bodI inside ud • ECYPtIen border ,Israeli citizens and Israefl • 
outside of Israel, the Stale of IDeI remained • settlements.' 
relatively free from inlemalionalc:riticism.Iey ....... of ........... at : 
and condemnation. 

'lI .. tInIIn~ The 24-member • 
Despite the well-docurnented bisIory of Palestinian AuthorIty, headed by Vasser : 

Israeli hum~-rigbts abuses, including mur· • ArIfat, will be the effective pemment, : 
den, beatings and tartuR of PaJestjnians in • - ........ &hIe for all of the IAdIsI-"'" and • 
the occupied territories; despite the wide- • ,.............. -- ........ 
spread and fonoaIized diIaiminatioa __ i_ • .... 1NcIIIIr,,..,.,... executive powers and responsibilitle.. : 
Arabs living inside 1Inel. which ~ •••••••••••••••••••••••• Pll .............. : The HfnI.Uonofnous • 
laws bIlring military service I8d, ia moll meal continues to give llnel billions in aid : terrItorIe. will be policed by a g,oc» : 
areas of the c:ountry,Jmdownershlp; deIpiIc and loiii guarantees. • member Palestinian police force,lnstead • 
its exile, detainment and imprisonmclll of ThougIr not DOted ia Time's "Men of the : ~ the 1 ...... 1 military. Close to 7,000 : 
Palestinians with blatanl disregard for ·duc Year" edition, many commentators have • oI'IIcerI will be drawn from PLD membIfa • 
process; deSpite its actiw IIIppOI1 ~ llneli poinled to the reaemblance between Aput_ : throuIhout the Middle East end the : 
settlements (vii gove .... IU iDcenIivea, heid-craSouthAfricaudlbepolt-1967S111e........nder will come from the West Bank • 
IUbsidies) in the oocupiccUerritories ud licit of lsncl. Sud! "radical" propoaiCiooaI, ~ • end Baa. : 
approval of settlers' fotafuIappropriaIioIlof coune, do not make polite convenadon and ........ ;r.laraelitroopswlllwlthdraw· 
Palestinian homes; despite ... horrific living aren'. often beard in the mainIIreaat U.s. • fnIrrl Jericho and Gaze within ttne weeks : 
sIaodards(e.g. educaIion, ~serviocs, IICW- media or in the compIIIy I'IIIpeCDbIe ..... of the Implementetlon of the pact. Troops • 
IF, fresh water, income) among Palestinians men. It is interesting to note, bowever,lhaIa • will remain ItItlOned at ..... 1 settlements : 
inside and outside the occupied lerritories, number ~ utidea in the ..."..../... • and at en In.tallment In Gaze at the • 
Israel is still handled willi kid JIoves - and press bave made the SouIh Amca-1IraoIi • EaYPtlen border ..... 1 military retain. : 
incredously, upheld u a puagon of democ· CDlIIICdioa,~ilwtheclilcriminilalypoli-· the 8UthofIty to mobItID trvopa to Gaze • 
racy. Though somewhat more bIIance now, cia of llracl willi .... wbidt exisIecI in • n Jeftcho In the Mnt of hoItllitlea. : 
the American pres continues to carry • South Africa. • ...... _... III: AIIlaraali aettIements • 
DOIic:ible pro-lnel bent and the U.s. aovem- See ~. Pace 6 • will relMin In place. : 

west Blllkcity of Jeric:bo. On May 4, the two 
sides signed the final tgreeIDCIlt to implement 
this plan. Many wonder why the apement 
took so Jooa to IaCh, bur endiDg 100 ywsof 
war in less tbIn 233 days is nothing short of a 
miracle. 

Any novice at peacemaking !mows bow 
difficult it is to achieve peace in a war-torn 
land. One must realize that 100 years of 
tarnished pride is at stake, making the road to 
peace even more arduous. Prime Minister 
Yitzhak Rabin admitted at the signing of the 
DOP in Washington that the agreement was 
very difficult step and thatsbakingbaods with 
Arafat was extremely painful. 

Just prior to the Sept. 13 signing, in the 
eyes of most Israelis Arafat was not a bead of 
state but the bead of a tenorist organization. 
Since 1964,the PW baa guaoed down many 
Israeli men, women and cbildren in various 
acts of terror. These memories are too hor-
rible for Israelis to forgeL 

The Israeli mind is always conscious of 
national security. Since Israel 'sestablishment, 
Israelis have lived under a constant threat of 
violence. The Israeli Defense Forces (IOF) 
are a part of every Israeli's life. There isn't a 
family in Isracl that bas not lost, or knows of 
• family who lost, a father, brother or son in 
some military operation. Israelis know they 
have two solitary optiom;: defend or die. 

Israelis have had good reason to doubt the 
peace process. It is a known fId that Arafat 
did not come to the negotiating table because 
he wanted to - be came because he was 
finaDcially broke. His support of Saddam 
H\lSlein duriDg the GulfWIl made Arafat an 
enemy of maoy Gulf lilies - Itatca which 
hid suppoded the PLO since ilB eatabIiIb-
meal Many Israelis wonder what is to bop 
Ibe Pat=ri+ns waama war apiDIIlDel 
OOCIC they pin cooInJI over their territories 
and ecquire lOme moaeIIIy aid. After all, 
......... and pIOIDia _ eaily broken. 
Words OIl pipe!' _ not equal to IIOd. 

HaviIJI been niaed to be ramal and 
IIIIpic:iou. of Arab&, Israelis IIIUIt now at-
1Impt to .. Ibeir iIpiaed 1Iebavior. 
This, bowewr,lIIUIt bIppea OR bodIlidea-
the ArabI. feIrfuI ud IUIpiciouI u well. 

SUIlOii8ded by """"LA ....... ls-
raeli IeMen bIve IIIempIed to briDa their 
COUIIIry to ... lOIt~equllibriUlll. Since the 
iaiIiaI ..... of the DOP, ..., bIve pro-
moIecI the idea !baa u Ioa& ..... r Idin-
qaiIbes ClOIIIIOI over the "ocaIpied'" territo-
ries ........ y ..... will DOt be ............ 
The idea is tbIt Israel malt boIb aM a little 
IIId RlCeiw I lillie. 

This is IIiU I risky ptoIpeCt. In .cxcbaDp 
b Ibe ..... hIe eerribiea, JneI is receiviD& 
• very if .... peace. What cba peace 
1DeIII? No more war? Ecoaomic: ties? A lilt-
ing frieDdship7 When one Jiws teni10ries as . 
.... ~. peaeeaareemeat,oaec:annotpeace-
My lake ..... bG. PeIa is jI.a a word IIId 
words haw many meaninp. 'Iboup unae 

~ the future,the '-len oflnel .. ve aimed 
See ACURITY. Pace 6 

TIle UCSD Guanliaa OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Fueled by hurt and distrust, the spreading of myths and half-truths only strengthens the division between Arabs and Jews 

FOR THE RECORD, FOR THE FUTuRE 
By Rob LevIneon 
Staff Writer 

Prior to Israeli Independence Day 
on April 14, the Union of Jewish 
Students posted Oiers around campus 
IIIDOUDciD& various eveDlS on cam-
pus ud in the San Diego area to 
celebrate this date. Apparently, one of 
tbeIe tlierswastabndown, the words 
"Israeli Independence Day" were re-
plaocd with "Brutal Occupation Day" 
and copies were made and re-posted 
arouodcampus. Thepersoo,orpeople, 
responsible for this have not yet corne 
forward to claim responsibility. The 
message which they are attempting to 
coovey, however, should not JO un-
challenged. The simplest wlY to do 
this is to point out several myths and 
facts (with help from the Near East 
Rtport) about the state of lsncl. 

Myth'1: 1M slllte oflsrwl rqIn-
JmI.s lUI ilkgal occupatiDII of ANb 
land tutd Iras 110 rig/u 10 exist 

Fact: After defeating the Ottoman 
Empire in World Wil I, the British 
received a mandate to govern the area 
tbeIi!mown as Palestine. In 1922, the 
British severed the mandate as de-
fined by the Lcape of Nations ud 
turned nearly 80 percent of the total 
territory into Tnmsjordan, which fo-
day is known as Jordan. In 1947, the 
British tumtd over the remainder of 
the territory to the Uniled Naaioos. 
The Uniled Nati<D General Assem-
bly voted 33-13 with 10abslentioos to 
partition the territory into two states, 
onc Araband one Jewish, withJerusa-
lem remaining under immatiooal 

COIIIrol. The Jewish 1eadership ac-
cepted the U.N. dccisioo and pIC-
puedforindependencewbile theArib 
leadership rejected the decision and 
prepared for war. 

Despite attempts by Jewish repre-
sentatives to negotiate a settlemcnt 
before the outbreak of boItilities, the 
Arabs remained recalcitrant and the 
Secretary of the Arab lague openly 
stated on Sept. 16, 1947, "The Arab 
world is not in a compromising 
mood ... You won't get anything by 
peaccfull'llelMorcornpromisc .... We 
shall try to defeat you. ... It' s too lite to 
taIIt of peaceful solutions." Upon ex-
piration of the Britilb Mandate 00 
Mly 14, 1948,lsraeI declared its in-
dependeooc and was immediatelyat-
tacked by the InDies of Egypt, Syria. 
Transjordan, Lebaron and Iraq. Israel 
emerged victorious in the Wll and the 
Arabs found themselves conIIOlIing 
less territory than they would have 
under the U.N. partition. 

Myth 12: 'I'M Artlb-IsrGeli COtt-
flict is over ISrMIi occupation of Pal-
estinian land. If the Israelis W(1U/djwt 
tum over 1M occupiLd terriJorin, 
there wadd ~ peace. 

Fact: Iftbis were true, wby wasn't 
there peace from 1948-1967 when all 
the territories now occupied by Israel 
were in Arab bands? Wby were there 
nocallsfor PaJestinian stall:boodwben 
Gaza was occupied by Egypt and the 
West Bank was apncxed by Jordan in 
19SO? Wby was the PW created in 
1964, three years prior to any Israeli 
oc:cupation?Simplc. The Arab-lsnIeli 

'1IIiillliilll-'WI~ \INS Iii t~ 
~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;;$129 

• PIaanoNs fWD 
• GlASIb IUUCAlID 
• COWIn m DAMS 

• No AIfOIftIIINf NICIISMY 
$I KUlA fWHOI 

•••• 

.HEPATITIS 
If you have been afhlc:ted with Hepatitis B, you could 

qualify as a plasma donor, earn extra cash, and benefit 
medical research I 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682·5252 

1-800-777-0112 ftoe-w-.............. ---. ......... ' _ 
IT/j 

STAntAVfL 

-

-"'-tt////,/;;;,:-.;;lw~ 
the U.N. voted to 

. ... tlUon ~ te .. llwy 
Into two states, with 
........ m .............. 
...... 1nternIItIonaI 
COlitroL 1IIe JewIsh 
........... p-=cepted 
the U.N. decision .... 
.......... ror 
............... whI .. 
theAnlb ... ......., 
..... cted the decision 
.............. forw •• 
conflict is not about Palestinians but 
about Arab refusal 10 recognize Israel's 
right to exist. 

Myth '3: Israel acquired 1M oc-
~ IerriIorin in II MoVII' of aggres-
sion in 1967. 

Fact: After Eygptian President 
Nasser bad expelled the U.N. Emer-
gency Force from the Sinai and both 
Egypt and Syria were massing lrOOp5 
on tbc Israeli borders, Nasser closed 
the StrailB ofTJrID to Israeli shipping, 

violating the Convention on the Terri-
torial Se. and Contiguous Zone 
adopted by the U.N. Confereooc on 
the UlW of the Sea in 1~8. By inter-
national Law, closing the straits was 
an act of war. Indeed, then-Defense 
Minister, now President, Assad of 
Syril was under no delusions, stating, 
"Our forces are DOW entirely ready ... 
to explode the Zionist presence from 
the Arab homeland... the time bas 
come to enter into a battle of annihila-
tion." At that time,lsrael did not oc-
cupy L'y territory. 

Myth *4: Once Israel occupied 
the land it ~ to relinquish it . 

Fact: In return for I peace treaty 
Israel has already relinquished 91 per-
cent of the land occupied during the 
1967 war by returning the Sinai Pen-
imula to Egypt. Israel is also in the 
process of withdrawing from Gaza 
and Jericho, /lOW dull the PLO Iuu 
rtcOgl'liztd its right to exist, and bas 
indicated that it is willing to negotiate 
onthedispositionofthe Golan Heights 
with Syria. 

Myth I#S:JtrwSaimt righlfully be-
longs 10 1M Arabs. 

Fact: Under the original partition, 
Jerusalem was to be an international 
city. However, the city was captured 
by the Arabs in the War of indepen-
dence in 1948 and then capcwed by 
Israel in 1967. Under Arab occupa-
tion, Jews were denied access to their 
holy sites in Jerusalem, in violltion of 
the annistioc of 1949. In contrast, is-
raeli Ilw clearly states that "Whoever 
does IInything that is likely to violate 

the freedom of access of the members 
of the various religions to the places 
sacred to them [will] be liable to im-
prisonment for a term of five years." 
Then-PresidenlJimmyCvterobserved 
that there is "no doubI" that Israel did 
a better job of safeguarding the holy 
places than did Jordan. Carter went on 
to say that "there is unimpeded access 
today," whicb was not the case from 
1948-1967. Fmally ,Ibe Temple Mount, 
the holiesl site in Judaism, is con-
boUedby Muslim religious autborities 
today in defereooc to the presence of 
two Mosques on the site. Oearly, the 
city is far better off under Israeli ad-
rninislration wbicb permits Arabs, even 
those from nations al war with Israel, 
to visit and exercise religious freedom. 

Myth M6: Israel is the primary 
oppressor of 1M Arab people. 

Fact: The Israeli occupation of the 
West Bank and GIza bas at times 
been extremely harsh, especially dur-
ing the InJi/aJ4. I will not attempt to 
excuse or defend all Israeli actiom; 
and strongly condemn any past kill-
ings and oIbcr violations of buman 
rights, both in the past and present, 
which the Israeli Armyand/or Israeli 
civilianshaveamunitled.~es 
such as the recent massacre at the 
Mosque in Hebron are acts ofbarbar-
ism which should be condemned by 
all civilized people. 

However, it should also be noted 
that within the pre-1967 borders of 
Israel lives an Arab community of 
some 655,(XX) who are, ironically, the 

see MYTHS, Page 6 



6 OPINION 

Occupied territories 
are being stolen 
ContInued from ..... 4 

While the comparison is ftawed, 
and bas perhaps more shoct than 
academic value, the point it makes is 
l'CIIOUJIdingIy clear: Israel is a ra-
ciaIIy-suatisfiedsoc:iety, wbere"lIOIl-
Jews" (IS Palestinians and other Ar-
abs are officially classified) are for-
mally discriminlted 19ainst by the 
state. Palestinians in Israel are sec-
ond-class citizens and Palestinians in 
the occupied territories are second-
class humans. This has been the sta-
tus quo since the Israel occupation in 
'67. 

Of course, Israelis have suffered 
as well. Like the State of Israel, the 

SECURITY: 
Israel must proceed 
with caution 
Continued from pc. 4 
at a goaI for which virtually all Israelis 
are committed at reaching: peace. 

Ofcourse, the questions surround-
ing the relinquishment of the territo-
ries - how much and when - are 
central to forging a lasting peace 
between Israelis and the Palestin-
ians. For a time, the negotiations 
were going well. It was agreed that 
the Palestinians would have Gaza 
and Jericho, and if this first step was 
successful, Israel would ce<1e more. 
However, on Feb. 25, religious fa-
natic Baruch Goldstein single-
handedly killed over 30 Muslimwor-
shippers at a mosque in the holy city 
of Hebron, and progress in the nego-
tiations was baited. 

Many attributed the actions of 
Goldstein, a member of Kach, I tiny 
band of religious fanatics, to 1Sl'lle1 as 
I wbole. The American media, for 

MY'I1IS: 
Rhetoric stumbling 
block to peace 
Continued from .... I 
freest Arabs in the Middle East. They 
enjoy full rights of citizenship and at 
the same time are relieved oftbe obli-
gation of other c:itizens to serve in the 
Israeli Army. They have members in 
the KncsIct(Israe1i ParIiament)wboIc 
voces recently provided the margin of 

PLD badirectedcampaignsof-.or. 
Incli c:itizeaa have been CIUIbt by 
car bornbl and Ibcll fire. Some have 
been held ....... Otben have been 
executed. However,IIIIIikc lmeliltafe 
tenor, PaleItinian terroriIIS have DOt 
eaped intanatiooaI condelllJlltion. 
llnel holds I monopoly on legiti-
mized vioIeJa. 

Altbouab dim bas been blood-
shed 011 boch sides, deaIh and pain fur 
both IIrIcIia and PaleatinilllS, the fact 
remains thatllnel ba I tight grip on 
power. Palestiniam in 1Sl'lleI, the oc-
cupied territories and the hundreds of 
thousands made refugees residing and 
neighborill8statcshave hadtheirrights 
and freedom stolen in the name of the 
good of Israel- a deadly melding of 
"nltional security" and Manifest Des-
tiny. 

The PW/lsraeli Pact on Palestin-

example, took no great pains to ex-
plain that Goldstein is one of a small 
group of extremists living on the 
fringes of Israeli society. As the only 
democracy in the Mideast, Israel tol-
crates even the most extreme opin-
ions. Some critics went so far as to 
suggest that the massacre was an act 
of the Israeli military. This, of course, 
is ludicrous. 

Undeterred by the batred, violence 
and oppression, the peace prncess 
continued-though more slowly than 
before - and placed the iss\le of 
settlements at the center of the peace 
process. Goldstein was a settler in the 
"occupied" territories. 

The first settlements were estab-
lished in the late '60s for security 
purposes. It was thought at the time 
that the existence of Israeli settle-
ments would serve as a buffer zone 
between Israel and the new interna-
tional borders after the '67 war. How-
ever, no one believed in June 1967 
(after the Six Day War) that the terri-
tories acquired by ISIlIel would stay 
under Israeli rule for long. Many Is-

victory to approve the llneli-PLD 
Igreement. 

Sadly, the primary oppres8OI'5 of 
the Arabs are other Arabs. In no Arab 
Mtion does an elected government 
rule. Theae govemmenIsrunthegamut 
from feudallDOIIIJ'cbiea to bruIaI die-
tatonhips, but they share in common 
the abseoc:e offrcedom. Perhaps turn-
ing control of the West Bank and 
GIza to Paleslinianswill repreent the 
birth of freedom for the Palestinians. 
If 10, thai freedom will be IIIIique in 

Considering the paper is' 
due tomolTOW, arm\ 
glad we're q>en all ... ..,..._ 

Y au nlt to make DC your project looks irs best when you 
tum it in. And since )'00'11 probably be wor1cing 00 it mtil 

the minute it's due, it's a good dUng we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (ncar Ralphs) 

457-3775 
PClclflc .eClch 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
413-115Z 

The UCSD GuNia 

ian AuIoaomy IDIddIeI betwwa this 
oppeaive llneli-oaly IbiDtiIIa and 
the ~"bility of truly just ftIIOIution 
to the conflict in the repn The PLO, 
in negoti1lina Ibis pact, 'NIl certainly 
fon:led to humbIe.at The tWIHf* 
IOIutioa, 0DCe a put mile mion to 
the IqeIy E!uropeID-Illaeli popula-
tion, is IKJW a cham: the RabiD p-
CI'DIDCDt bas rejected every meIIIioa 
of a PaIeIriDe 1IUe. Wbalthe llneli-
directedlpClDCntaiveaPaleslinians 
is limited lUtODOIIly in two very small 
chunks of occupied territory: GIza 
and the West Bank town of Jericho. 
The rest of the West Bank, the 1argest 
pie« of Palestinian land, and the Golan 
Heights will remain under Israeli the . 
thumb. 

Other than some aiticaI limits in 
power, such as control over finance 
and authority to print Palestinian cur-

raelis thought that all territories would 
be returned in a matter of weeks or 
months in exchange for peace. They 
were, of course, wrong. The Lulcid 
Party, which carne to power in 1m, 
fortified the existing settlements and 
established more like them, for both 
security issues and because it believed 
that the "occupied" territory was his-
torically Jewish land. 

'This view, shared by some Israe-
lis, has been a major roadblock to 
peace between the two peoples. We 
have to rec:ognize that both Israelis 
and Palestinians can claim ownership 
to this land. (Abraham, who walked 
this land, is a central figure in both the 
Muslim and Jewish religions.) The 
Rabin government has clearly illus-
trated its commitment to this prin-
ciple. It has also balanced this with the 
necessary caution: Israel cannot give 
all of the occupied territories 10 the 
Palestinians in one step. It must come 
inaementally ,each *pfurwardcon-
tingenl on the success of the previous. 
If the Gaza-Jericho agreement is sue-
CC8IifuI,there will be agrea1lirwiUing-

the Arabworld. While Isnel's human 
rigbtlleCOt'd is far from petfect. tboIc 
who aeek to aitic:ize it IIbouId be 
c:on&c:ious of the sJus boUIes from 
whicllthey are throwing Iklocs. 

Myth 117: 1M ArtIb-Isrwli COIf-
fIict is ,. root of lite probktru ill. 
MiIItlk FAst. 

Fad: The Iraqi invasion of Ku-
wail, the Jran.lraq War, the Yemeni 
(lvjJ War and the oppa I.ion of the 
Kurds and the Shiites in Iraq are of 
c:onftict wbidI have notbin& 10 do 

rmcy, the IIlOIt aitical problem with 
the peel is the llmeli IOUlementa in 
occupied territory. Under the pact, 
the c:umnt IICIdemenII in GIza will 
remain in pllce and under IaraeIi 
control. 'IbiI is DOt only a simabIe 
piece of land - the MUIemeatI are 
unequivocally illep1 under intema-
tiooaI law. In addition. the United 
NItioaI bas IIMni!DOlJlly condemned 
laraeIi aeuJcmenta on Palestinian 
IandI. 

In r.ct, President Bush made u.s. 
loan money to Israel contingent on 
Israel stopping the expansion of 
settlements. When aintoD admin-
istration hit the office, however, it · 
promptly unlinlted the loans and 
settlements. 

While the pact stops illegal settle-
ments in GIza, it does not deal with 
the settlements throughout the West 

ness on the ISraeli side to cede more 
land and make more concessions. The 
Golan Heights, and even JerusaJem 
could be up for disetission. But il must 
be a mutual give-and-take relation-
ship. 

The most difficult issue is the final 
status of JerusaJem. Israel will not 
give up all of JerusaJem to the Pales-
tinians because of the city's great im-
portance. JerusaJem is holy to the 
three great Western religions-Juda-
ism, Islam and OJristianity - and it 
is necessary to ensure that all wor-
shippers are given free access to their 
holy sites. Dividing this c:ity or allow-
ing one-party rule over it would not 
work - history clearly illustrates this. 
Under Jordanian occupation (1948-
1967), for example, Jews were denied 
access to the Westem Wall, the holi-
est place for Jews. An agreement 
should be reached which provides an 
undivided Jerusalem controlled by all 
parties. Such an agreement, however, 
is years IWIY. 

What do the next 233 days and the 
233 following bold in store for the 

with Israel. When and if the Arab-
Israeli c:ont1ict is settled, the Middle 
East will still be far from stable. 

We must get beyond the rbetoric. 
If the PLO-ISI'IIeIi agreement signed 
in Cairo last week is to have any 
cbancc of IUCXlCII, both Iides must 
8top attemplina to IIC:XR points and 
poison the atmoIIpbere tbrousb dilld-
ish Ids, such. the alteration oftliers. 

Despite the facts about the c:onfIict, 
the true birth of pcICC will occur not 
when the ArabI and ImeIiI foIpt the 

ThanclaY. "'yI2. 19M 

8aIdt and Golan fIeiabII. DelpiIll the 
Oamna of intematioaal law, the 
..... lftIlilrdytoconbnue. They 
are, in 1IIeDCe, the StIle of Incl'5 
primary tool of abIOIbin& the occu-
pied territories, of expendina pea1IIr 
llmel. It is estimated that doae to 50 
peroearofall tbeoccupiod PaJettiniln 
land baa been aetded by Isaclia. This 
IDM1I1IiIIina of land is DOt only m-
j.... it is detrimental 10 Jona-term 
peale betwwa Isaclis and PaIcItin-
iIns. 

IsacI does have aec:urityc:oncems. 
However, these c:oncerns do DOt jus-
tify - and they cannot IalOWlt fur-
either the abuse of Palestinians or the 
SIeaIing of occupied lands. In the end. 
these measures are only going to in-
t1ame hostilities anddestroy the chance 
that Palestinians and 1Sl'llelis have for 
peace. 

Israelis and Palestinians? Palestinian 
self-rule will certainly have a rocky 
start and may be marked by great 
violence. Many cJaim that Aratat has 
little support in the territories them-
selves. Nevertheless, the negotiations 
with the PW are likely to continue, 
and Jordanian and Syrian channels 
are hope as well. Shortly after the 
Sept. 13 OOP, the Jordanians and 
Israelis signed a similar agreement. I 
believe that Syriawilleventually come 
around. 

Israel is working under two pri-
mary assumptions. First, as Rabin said 
in Washington on Sept. 13, Arabs and 
Jews are destined to live together. 
Second, Israel needs to keep its bor-
ders secure at all times. For lasting 
peace, both of these conditions must 
be met. 

It will take much longer than 233 
days for these issues to be resolved, 
but we are now on the road to peace. 
It is uncharted and one way, but it is a 
road that neither Hammas or the 
friends of Baruch GoIdsIein can fully 
block in the end. 

put, bul when they set it aside. Both 
sides have IaIOIIS to be hun and an-
gry, but they have more msoos to 
learn 10 gel aJoag. When they learn 10 
love their c:bikIra more than they hate 
each other. In the words of Prime Min-
• Rabin, there bas been "eaough of 
blood and 1IiUI." The time bas come 
for the cbiJdren of Abraham, the 500S 
of Isbm8eI and the 50115 of Jacob to • 
oace again shaJe alent in I land wbidI 
can be made to flow with DJiIk and 
honey. 

",,",fu J s ~~ 
~f,udtwur 

Complete IiIlCl of 
~wjlTlWQar and 
COVM-U~ for 
wOll1Qfl of all agQ~ 

5538 La Jolla BlVd. 
551-1004 

1 O%dlscount 

'UMMII 
HOU"NG 

The UCSD Guardia OPINION 7 

. AASU LEITER PERPETUATED FALSEHOODS 
Editor: 

I am writing to clarify gJarina fac. 
tuaJ errors in the African-American 
Student Union (AASU) open letter 
andtoexplain my role inrec:entevents 
that have taken pllce on campus, and 
their ultimate resolution. First and 
foreJllOlC, I have acted IS an indi-
vidual, not IS I member of any orga-
nization to which I belong. For the 
rec:or:dt I have never Ittended a meet-
ing or event of the Union of Jewish 
Students (UJS) and I am not acting 
under the direction of the UJS leader-
ship. 

I am taking this opportunity to 
publicly and unequivocally deny that 
I had any role in the taping of the 
Nation of Islam (NOI) forum. I at-
tended the enire Muir College Coun-
cil meeting on Friday between 4 and 
6. Make no mistake, however, I am 
not condemning the tape recording of 
the NOJ speech. Neither the NO! nor 
the AASU is above the law.lndividu-
aIs have the right, and reporters the 
responsibility, to document public 
events. In fact, the night of the event, 
Barbara Walters' show "2OI2O"played 
a secretly-made tape of the NOJ visit 
to Howard University. The more im-

JOIN 
THE 

KAPLAN 

portant qucsIion is why the NO! fears 
the public knowing the truth about its 
orpniz.aIiM's ideas and actions. 

Furthermore, the AASU letter 
falsely contends thai I promptly refiled 
SmiIItv.Rqmt.Jjudic:ialboarddJarges 
on Tuesday, May 3. This is patently 
untrue. At my urgin& AASU Presi-
dent Anthereca Edmerson and I met 
on Monday to seek I resolution to the 
controversy whic:h would not place 
AASU funding eligibility II risk. I 
laid out my goals for a resolution 
which would permit me to overlook 
the Smith violations, and asked the 
AASU to fonnulate its goals, from 
which we could negotiate a compro-
mise. I assured the AASU that I was 
dropping the charges and that they 
would not be refiled while progess 
was occurring through mediation. 
From Monday to Thursday, no 
progresswasmade. TheAASUwould 
not even agree to condemn student-
on-student violence as an unaccept-
able solution to the problem. That was 
"subjective." I refiled charges on 
Thursday moming.l adcnowIedgethat 
I was not the best person to approach 
the AASU about improving relations 
on campus. BUI I was the first. 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

READERS' 

fORUM 
TP!eGuardlln ~ IiIIhIts /tom Ib 1HdIts. 
NlIiIIhIts must /Ie no /otWIf rt.IlIne pefH, 
typ/H1, I1oI.tJIHpeced IItId .(fIled. We_ 
the ~ 10 edit for IetWf11I1t1d a.try. Lilli". IN)' 
/Ie dtopp«I off -' the GuardIan olllce 011 the 
S8COfII1/1oor of the 0111 SfUCIttIt center or sent by 
mail. SMttIIlllIetters 10: 

The GuIIdIIIn 
OpInIon EdIIor 

9600 61",.., Or. 03J6 
La Jolla, CA 920934)316 

With respect to the taping of the 
April 25 AASU meeting. it was my 
intent to identify, document and work 
to eradicate anti-Semitism and intol-
erance on this campus. The only copy 
of the tape was forwarded to the Anti-
Defamation league for professional 
evaluation of the impact of the NOI's 

visit on the nature and degree of anti-
Semitism on this campus. In the end, 
it was DOt necessary because one has 
10 look no furthcrthan Gaye Jobmon's 
IatestGlIDTditulcommentary. OnApriI 
22, theNOI preachedthatthepersecu-
tion of Jews was a righteous act perse-
cuted by God agaimt an evil, wicked 
and rebellious people. On May 2, Gaye 
Johnson claimed that the Holocaust 
wasn't as oppressive as slavery be-
cause Jews in America today have 
"achieved more prominence and pos-
sess many more social benefits [than 
blacks]." Ms. Johnson, the Holocaust 
occurred in Europe, not America, and 
in Poland today there are fewer than 
5,<XX> Jews. There were several mil-
lion in 1938. 

Unquestionably,lhaveactedwithin 
the limits of the law. Whal is of greater 
concern to me is that my actions re-
main productive and ethical. inflam-
ing racism was never my objective. 
Technicalities aside, this is why I am 
dropping the charges. It is my greatest 
fear that this issue will disappear while 
my fellow students remain "enlight-
ened" about the NOI' s hatred of Jews. 
If my actions raised the consciousness 
of one person to the falsehoods propa-

gated by the NOI, they will bave been 
productive. Have they been ethical? I 
can only hope that I have remained 
true to the guiding principle under 
whicb I operate: never again. 

During the last two weeks, I have 
accepted and taken responsiblity for 
the consequences of my actions, in-
cluding but not limited to: death 
threats, lost time at work, editorial 
fiction in the Guardian's Readers' 
Forum and the appearance of impro-
priety and inmnsistency among the 
general student body at large. To that 
end, I can only hope that the AASU 
will accept and take responsibility for 
the unintended consequences of its 
actions: that this campus was offended 
by its sponsorship of a hate group, 
regardless of its intentions. I implore 
the AASU to take responsibiliy for its 
actions and acknowledge and apolo-
gize for the hurt. I don'l think that this 
request is too much to ask. Do you? 

JosbWaper 

Editors' note: According to our 
evidence, Wagner did not attend the 
NOI /orum.ln addition, he refikd the 
Smith viololion ch4rges against the 
MSU on Tlwrsday, not TU6doy. 

EDITORIAl, 
STAFF 

TO: 

FROM: 

RE: 

See Page 9 For Details 

Medical School Applicants 

Dr. Dwight W. Warren 
Professor & Dept. Chair 
USC School of Medicine 

Confessions of a Medical School 
Admission Committee Member 
Seminar 

SPON80.KD BY THE P"E-MED CLUB 



8 NEWS 

AASU: Members IOcbe iDdividualltudeotOlJmiza-tions that the board funds. 
allege charge doesn't Bankaadded Cbat Waper'l po-
follow procedure litioa presents a conflict of inter-

eat becauae be is a fonner member 
ContInued .......... 1 of SOFES. Wqner saicI that linc:e 
when you file a claim. He did not be resigned from the board, hi, 
follow that process." Edmenon previous affiliation wu not an is-
said. sue. 

Sean Banks. AASU's informal "Byarguin, the case on its tech-
advisor. apeed. "He i, usenin, nical merits, [AASU members] 
that one event is pounds for tak- have not afforded themselves tbe 
in, away the AASU's fundin,. opportunity 10 clear their name." 
But, accordin,IOSmith v. Regents, Waper added. 
you have 10 look at every thin, [the According 10 Banks. W'Iner 
organization hu] done." he said. could not have brought his case 

Willner maintains that "there before the Judicial Board becauae 
is no question that the event vio- the SOFEB charter sets a I~weelc 
lated Smith v. Regents. Whether limit for appeals of fundins. 
the AASU itself is eligible for fund- AASU's fundin, was set over 10 
ing is less clear. weeks '10. 

"The key issue for me hu bee" Edmerson contends that such 
that by sponsorin, the NOI. the breaches in procedure are typi-
Oip-sideof. .. blackempowennent cally not recognized by the A.S .• 
that the AASU is pursuinS is rae- the Judicial Board or the adminis-
ism." said Wagner. "[The forum] tration. 
was not a balanced presentation of "We have to come and argue 
different points of view. It was a that there are no pounds for the 
sermon." charges." Edmerson said. "No one 

Banks also said that the AASU hu rec:oJnized that we have not 
is incapable of violating the received due process. We want 
SOFEB charter. which is reapon- Chancellor Atkinsoo or Vice 
sible for maintainin, compliance ClJancelIorWatson 10 ,etinvolved. 
with the Smith decision. The char- It is time that they let involved." 
ter, said Banks. applies only 10 the The AASU held a rally at the 
internal procedures of SO FEB. not Price Center at noon yesterday 10 

P.E.: Beathard and two-time World Ironman Champion Scott Tinley 
c.nunu.cI from pap 1 also voiced their fmn opposition 
education." to the proposal. 

Members of the professional In addition. participants read 
sports world. such as San Diego letters of support for the depart-
Chargers General Manager Bobby ment from Mayor Susan Golding. 

---f , 
TIred of cafeteria food? Don't have time to 
cook? Need a study break? Call Pizza Hut! 

I CAlIYOUT I 
~~~ 492·2222 '."'"err 
452·22 •• 
- I tmtUWMt1;IjkJtliil .-Itljll'Ui'''Mimjil' 

: Two MediulII 1 $3 OFF : 
I 2. Topping • $ an, lar.. • 
: Pizzas $9991 2 OfF : • • .1, •• tll ••• 
• • w .......................... . 

• ::-.... -:o.;:.":.o::::t &- • ::-... -:o.;::.":~ ~. 
I ~-............... ~ ...,_.............. V. 1IIMOI"' .......... 1,.. ~. ,IIMO"" .......... l,.. ~ • 
.-............ '.-............. '. 
.. _----- --~------ -_ .. 

The UCSD GaudiaD 
........... J. ¥aJ.U. !~~ 

demoaatrate its .... er aad IOlidar- AASU Blasts Tesak ity. 
"'The AASU bu once apin 

been forced 10 define aad justify ., IIIIIM c.nueo Teaak with fallin, 10 represent 
our reuc. for exiatence 011 Ibis Maociafe New. Editor her full COIIItituency: "By not 
campus. Why would an African Followiq recent controver- dedicatin, benelfto the oeeds of 
Americ:IIl w.at 10 comebere. when lies surroundiDJ the VaodalillD the IIIOIt in need.. [Teak] baa 
these aorta of tbinaa continue 10 of the ~ Caf~ and the Nation neglected 10 fairly represent the 
bappenr Bdmenon said. Of Islam (NOI) representatives' moat important and endan,ercd 

Waper said it wu never his vilit to campus. members of the population in this campus." 
intention 10 foster' racism on cam- African-American Student Teaak declined to respond to 
pus. "My areatest fear wu that the Uaion (AASU) read a statement the accusations. sayin,. "Any-
NOI issue would die without a at last nipt', A.S. Council meet- thin, havina 10 do with my per-
critical review and formal rebuke in, which criticized the actions sonal life. my reli,ion. my 
oftbose ideas." he said. ''Students of the A.S. Council and caUed ethnicity. I will not address be-
came out of that preacntation be- for the resipation of A.S. Presi~ cause it is of no concern 10 you." 
lievinl that Jews killed Jesus. be- dent Carla Teaak. In her wee1tly presidential ee-
Iievin, in a twisted definition of "We demand that the new port, Teaak outlined her loais 
what a Semite is and believm, that council be more sensitive and. at for the comin, year and said that 
blacks and whites and all different the very leut, be aware of the she sou,ht the input of student 
groups were natural enemies." ilsues affectin, students of orgaaizations sucb u SAAC and 

Edmerson said that although color." read the AASU statement MEChA. 
the charges were dropped. issues In addition. the statement ad- "[Following the reelections 1. 
of eligibility. culture and respect dressed the recent reelections that I have made a conc:emed effort 
have yet 10 be adressed. were held for the position of A.S. to ,0 out 10 the students," Tesalt 

She added that she had taken president. The AASU charged said. "In formulatins my loais 
positive steps by spealdn, with that Tesak used the controversy for Ibis year I wanted 10 be truly 
other Jewish students wboattended surroundinl the NOI's oo-cam- representative of all the stu-
the forum. pus forum for her own gain. dents." 

She also said that the issue has "Carla Tesak saw this as an Included in her JOals are plans 
also called into question the A.S .• s opportuaity 10 take a stand on an for appointing an A.S. represen-
readiness to deal with questions issue and simultaneously secure tative 10 the Student Affirmative 
re,udins compliance with Smith votes. votes that were more im- Action Committee (SAAC). es-
v. Regents. ''There needs to be a portant than ours." the AASU tab~ish an A.SJSAAC retreat and 
better method for appeals." she said in the statement increasin, sponsorship of stu-
said. The statement also ctwJed dent organization events. 

Chair of the Governor's Council deserve a top-quality prograni .... I few years. the senate's decision 
on Physical Fitness and Sport think that the students broupt up was expected by lOme. 
Arnold SchwarzeneUer and oth- some very Sood points. I think that "It', obvious students love 
ers. it went well. and hopefully we physical education." said Aca-

P.E. Teacher of Special Pro- chan,ed some minds." demic Senate Chair Stephen Cox. 
grams Ed Machado said afterward, In liaht of the consistent cut- ''They made ,ood statemeIIts about 
''This wu all about students. They backs 10 the UC .yste~ in the lut See P.E., Page9 

Global Internships in Paris 
AcIwa1Uing and Public Relatioos • French Politics • Aru 
met Architecture • Business and Ecoaomia • Journalism 

and Communications • Health IDd HIIIIWI Services 

• Semester prosnm offered in fall and sprina. 
• Students earn sixteen semester-hour undergraduate credits. 
• Intensille French language irutruction offered at four levels. 
• Full-time internship for academic ~t. 
• Counework taught by French uculty. 
• Room and board in a Parisian household or student foyt •. 

We're still 
accepting 

applications 
for Fall 

19941 

International Pro!rams 
, . ...."..,,,.,,.....,..,......, .. ., ...." 

...... u ......... ".,........, ........... Pr...-, m.., ..... .-. .. NL, ...... IlIA G211."'IJQ.,.. 
...... ----.. ........... -

~ .................. ~ ................................ ~ .......... . 

P.E.: Atkinson 
will make the final 
decision 
CI II L1ld ......... 
physical activity. but that·, not tbe 
issue .... We're just not IUI'C it', 
worth the resources.» 

A1tbouJh Monday', forum did 
not affect the senate's cIec:Woa. 
Co~ stressed the importance oftbe 
event. 

"We advertised for ,tucient 
comment, and we sot it," said Cox. 
"Many of the faculty today saw 
and recognized the fact that Ibcre 
are those students who do DOt have 

. tbe financial resources 10 pay for 
[recreation] classes. For Ibi, ra-
son. we put in the clauae urging 
that special coosidention be Jiven 
to those people." 

JOIN THE 

The senate's recommendations 
will ultimately be passed on to 
ChanceUorRichardAtltinsoo. who 
has final say on the fate of the 
department. 

Submit resume, cover letter and clips to: 
Because the senate plays an 

advisory role 10 the chancellor, 
many said they were skeptical that 
the depart'ment will survive. If the 
chancellor adopts the senate' s rec-
ommendation. the P.E. Depart-
ment will be disestablished in the 
fall. 

The two tenured faculty, Barry 
Cunningham and Charles 
Millenbah. would continue on in a 
different department until retire-
ment. Temporary faculty contracts 
would not be renewed. according 
to Cox, although such staff mem-
bers may get jobs with campus 
recreation after their contracts ex-
pire. 

Eric Schmidt . 
The UCSD GuardIan 
9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Call 534-6580 for more infonnation 
-Appllcarlonsdue~ay16 

RepIiIrs 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyunda 
............. Isuzu Acura Daihats 

Minor Tune Up Special $24~Ng'$55) 
Out tune up incIudN .101_ "." othetI. n ittt:IudH: 

1. Speril pIugI 
6. AdjuIt ... qIe 10. Check unclM:8rriegllor 
7. Chedl brsIws ct.magII 
6. ChIck duIctI 11. Check cooling ayRIm & '-

2. Distributor poinIB 
3. ConcIerIMfs 
4. AdjuIt TimIng 
5. ChIck and rwpIriIh allUd 

and 011 levels 
8. ChedllIghIa 12. ARd .... 

3S-point Major Service Special $84 * 
ExI1I for fufrI-inI«*d. Out "'*' .".. '" 1ncIudII8: (Ng. $150) 

1. COlllPllllon" 
2. VIM ...... 11 . i IIIIina 2111. LIllIe INInIIIld 211. a..dI8IId IIIdIeIge 
....... 12. ~'" 21 .0ID............. ....... M-..y 
3.VIM_gaMt. 13. cManIDr !kid.oS.... 2II ......... (lneedIcI) 
4 SoIrk plugs 14. lit. IuelIIIIO 22. CIIIck ......... ...,., 30. OlD .... =-
5: ~ pOim..,...,.. 23. OlD lot .... a loll l'.lIM ctDor 
6. ~. 15. illlllring box baIII 32. CIIIck .. 
7. Air _. 16. c:l*:tI 24. CIIIck...... 33. CIIIck cooing aysIIIII. 
8 0II1IIIr 17. braIIes 25. CIIIck '**" '-
9: Gal";'. and 18. .'.getICYInioes 211. Clllckllgllll . 34. ChIck .. hIIIIIlystIm 
10. EngIne oil 19. QIIdI a adjust expoeed 'l:1. ~ uoldllclmllge 35. AoIIII_ 

.. . ....... 
_ : lor &qIndIr _odd 120. rora s.-.Idd 130. o.un 2008X ......... odd 1311. 

Complete $164* 
Clutch Job 

-_ ... 
.......... 

... _--

--

Brake Job $39* SpeCial (l1li.$80, 
"..01_""" ....... · , ___ .,-1._"'_"___ 1. ___ '_'. 
-.... .-2. ___ • 1 . ......... _ .... 
s .......... ..,.....,- __ , 
. ............ 1I1 ...... 

TIming B81t Special $99* 
Inllll .. ,.... Ali ..... _ ....... 1 •• 1111 •••. AlIIIII' wilt .... Z.,.., Dr 

ZI ........ ~ WIIrInly. All ,rtclllICIlH ,... ...... . 
..... - X.;S~e90 

NEWS 9 

Paid Positions Open 
-Managing Editor/Production Manager 
-News Editor 
-Associate News Editor (2) 
-<>pinion Editor 
-COpy Editor 
·Sports Editor 
-Associate Sports Editor 
-Hiatus Editor 
·Design Editor 
-Graphics Editor 
-Photo Editor 
• Associate Photo Editor 

NEMESIS PRODUCTIONS 

SAN DIEGOls 
LARGEST 

DANCE 
EXPERIENCE 

$2 
OFF 

WITH FLYER 

INFO 736-1889 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thandar. Mar 12. 19M 

INTRODUCES 

T E 
MANAGEMENT 

With a huge variety of college-town services like 
Kinkos, Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo 
and 5av-On Drugs, to entertainment and fun from 
places like TGIFriday's, Blockbuster Video and 
Pacific Th~atres, La Jolla Village Center has got 
you covered. 50 whether you're cramming for time 
or just need a study break, stop on by. 

Lo_V"",,,"Orive 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get It. Got It. Good. 

to et tlifou colle e. 

Speed. Poer. AM more speed. 'l1I2I~ what the new Power Macinklstr is all abwt. It~ a like statistical analysis, multimedia, 3-D modeling and much more. So, what are yoo 
Macintoslf with PowerPC' technoklgy. Whk:h makes it an 
incredibly &1st personal oom(X1fet And the possibi1itles are The nt'w Pov/t" M I( Intot..,h frotn Ji.pplf 

WIllIng for? VIsIt )'OUr Apple Campus ReseIIer fur more in-
formation and see ilr yooneIf. Now J. 

enIIess. Became mw yoo1l haYe the pcl'fier lOU need fur hijI-pert'onnaru IpItc :atkn that PoI1er MIcIIbh Is ber!, ooUeae may never be the same. ~_ 
l _1I ~I I 
1(( )1 )k·. J ( H It UCSD Bookstore 

Computer Center 534-4291 

u C S D G U A R D I A N A. T. ,. IN' E • , A IN. IN' . MAY 12. 1 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nEWS 
• On Tuesday Warner Reprise 
Video released ...... .".. 
StoIy," a 58-minute video 
chronicling the history of the 
British alternative rock act. 
New Order came out the ashes 
of Joy Division, a group led by 
singer Ian Curtis until his sui-
cide in the early '80s. "Story" 
includes a video of the Joy Di-
vision song "Atmosphere," 
various interviews and a live 
version of New Order's "Ev-
eryone Everywhere." It retails 
for 519.98. 

• Feminist singer Uz PhaIr, 
whose debut Exile in Guyvi/le 
made her a critical sensation 
last year, is recording a new 
album due out in September. 

LOCRL 
• San Diego will be one of 36 
sites for the Tlckebnaste, 
Music Showcase. Music 
industry experts will convene 
sometime in mid-September to 
check out local musicians cho-
sen by a Ticketmaster panel. 
To qualify for the contest, bands 
should send a tape and entry 
form (which is available in 
Musician magazine) to: 
Ticketmastcr Music Showcase, 
3701 Wilshire Blvd., Los An-
geles, CA 90010 by June 6. 
Info: (800) 800-3232. 

T1[KETS 
• Folk-rock singer MeIIua 
Etherldp will perform at the 
SDSU Open Air Theatre on 
Thursday, June 16. Tickets go 
on sale Friday at 3 p.m. Info: 
22O-TIXS. 

• tt.rry eor.lIck, Jr ..... 
FLmky Dunky will perform 
Wednesday, Aug. 3 at 8 p.m. at 
SDSU'sOpenAirTheatrc. Tick-
ets go on sale Saturday, May 14 
at 10 a.m. Info: 220-nxs. 

• Backed by a to-piece or-
chestra, singer Ropr DIIItry, 
will perform lOngs by The Who 
at SDSU's Open Air 'Theatre 
on Sunday, July 10 at 8 p.m. 
Original Who bassist John 
Entwistle will also make an 
appearance. Tickets go on sale 
Saturday It noon. Info: 220-
TIXS. 

The late Brandon Lee is 
stunning in Alex Proyas' 
dark movie 
By mAt:t: 
sct)NUReR 
SCAff WR1C€R 

Brandon Lee 
• .... es ....... ter 
...... In nr. Ctow. 

-0 . ... ... - .. .. • • • 

• 

L HIS MOVIE HITS UKE A BRICK IN mE FACE. OR A bullet in the head. Or a runaway train to the groin. The Crow is phenomenal, striking 
chords of Generation X angst and rampant '90s 
cynicism. 

The movie's plot is of the basic "boy-and-girl-
get-murdered-by-evil-bad-people" variety. A su-

pernatural crow resurrects Eric Draven (the late 
Brandon Lee, who was accidentally killed dur-
ing the film's production) one year after his 
death, so Eric can take vengeance against his 
murderers. Granted superhuman powers, Eric 
becomes the Crow. 

No Gothic action-adventure movie can do 
without a host of bad guys. Top Dollar (M ichael 
Wincott) is the pathological crime lord who 

must face the unexpected post-mortem wrath of 
one of his victims. His group of thugs -

played by David Kelly, Angel David, 
Michael Massee and Lawrence Mason 
- are a group of fire-loving, sadistic, 
scum-of-the-earth criminals who look 
like an ad for what will happen if you 
don ' t brush your teeth. 

Brandon Lee gives an extraordi-
nary performance as an angst-ridden 
corpse. Don't bother trying to find the 
scene in which he was fatally shot-
in nearly every scene he gets shot. 
Gaping holes blasted through the 
belly. Peepholes through the hand. 
But hell, he's a corpse with a mis-
sion. 

Directed by Alex Proyas, The 
Crow is a visual masterpiece. 
Panoramic views of the inner 
city aflame, rain, gloom and 
shadows are everywhere. The 
Crow has a gritty realism that 
you aren ' t going to see in 
pukefests like P.c.u. or With 
Honors. It's got action and 
sentiment. 

The soundtrack - choice 
tunes by Nine Inch Nails, 
Stone Temple Pilots and 
Rollins Band - is as intense 
as the film. 

On Friday, pass on going 
to the Elephant Bar or Ole 
Madrid. See The Crow, which 

opens at theaters throughout 
San Diego. . 

-.... ........................................ .. .. ... ... . .. . ... - ..... . 
. ... ~ . ... .... . ..... ... 



HIATUS 2 

OPENS THIS FRIDAY AT 
THEATRES EVERYWHERE. 

UTe VillaJeUA 
CROOKLYN __ g 
THE CROW • ' . THE INKWELL 

Wrrn HONORS • " SIRENS 
3 NINJAS THE FAVOR 
BEING HUMAN WHEN A MAN LoVES 
CLEAN SLATE A WOMEN 

Call to confirm Call to confirm 
452-7766 453-7831 

"'I~~I':I~ .: 
•. (IIIII' •. I"'\! """,'IIC', . 

III" I \( I (11{ I )lll/ll \\ ,1,IUlIl:11I1I . 
ONE OF THE YEARS 10 BEST 

THE NATIONAL SOARD OF REVIEW 

145 National Film Critics Agree: 
ONE OF THE YEARS 10 BEST 

-'-~-"''' -,_ .. "' .... -. 
=-':''::. _ .. _-_ ... " 
--""" .. ,,- ..,," .... 
____ , 

,..-...--.... _,. 
-_I' 
--

___ J 

___ " 'e" 
............ 

'----'-
,.. ......... ""' .... ,.." . 
.. _""'_ ..... . 
... _-"" -
- ,- , .. _---
_ " _ _ ' JY' 

- '- -"-
_._---, 
.... _ ,.-.,. . .-.-

-,_ .... " ... 
-
......... , .. _".-
._._",_._"" 

MalcolrnX 

-'-_._ ....... "' ... 
---

,,~ .. , .. ,...u 
....-.... · .. ~I.,~ 
1 __ . . .... ..-

::= ... "!::a, ......... 

---"- " -,_ .. _ ..... _-
-'------.... _""'._ .,. _. __ ......... 

Solfs 104 Monday May 16th 6 PM 
sponsored by the UCSD Catholic Community 

•••• ' .. t • ' • I • • • , ..... , • t. • t"""'"' ''' 

n. UCSD C.....tiu 

THEATER 

Madame Mao's Memories 
Kim Miyori stars in David Hong's play at the 
Old Globe about China's Cultural Revolution 

By John Godfrey 
Staff Writer 

Creating the role of Madame 
Mao in "Madame Mao's Memo-
ries" has proven to be a turning 
point, perhaps even the centerpiece, 
in Kim Miyon,s young theatrical 
career. The Santa Maria, Califor-
nia, native has performed the one-
person show more than 50 times at 
various sites in California and Colo-
rado. With Saturday'S opening at 
the Old Globe Theatre, Miyori will 
once again delve into the psyche of 
one of the more compelling figures 
in China's notorious Cultural Revo-
lution. 

Over the last five years, Miyori 
has become something of an au-
thority on Madame Mao and con-
temporary Chinese culture. Never-
theless, the actress vividly recalls a 
time when she knew next to noth-
ing about the character who has 
helped shape her career in theater, 
television and film. 

"Before working on this play, 
my memory of Madame Mao was 
sketchy at best, " Miyori said in a 
recent interview. "I vaguely re-
called her in the mid-'70s during 
her trial, screaming. I really was 
ignorant about Chinese culture in 
general and specifically, the Cul-
tural Revolution." 

Fortunately for Miyori, play-
wright Henry Oog wasn't quizzing 
actresses on their history training 
when he first cast the play back in 
the summer of 1989. Oog knew 
Miyori's work - they had previ-
ously met through ,a group called 
the Association of Asian-Pacific 
American Artists - and he de-
cided to give ber the part. 

Since that time, the two have 
expanded and explored the piece. 
combining additional hiltorical 
context with detailed raean:b on 

Madame Mao to create a show that perspective on this mysterious 
barely resembles its initial incar- historical figure, but the genre of 
nation. As Miyori's understanding the piece is ultimately fiction. 
of the character grew, she helped "One has to keep in mind that 
develop a different sense for the the title of the play is 'Madame 
play. Mao's Memories,' so the play is 

"It was my desire to incorporate more or less from her point of 
some Chinese opera movements view," Miyori said. "Henry's 
into the piece," Miyori said. "Ma- intent initially for this piece was 
dame Mao was an actress, and dur - to imagine that if Madame Mao 
ing the Cultural Revolution she had a forum to teU her story, 
helped develop a new style of op- what would that be. . 
era and ballet - the revolutionary "It's not a history lesson, but 
sty Ie." people will, at the very least, 

Miyori and Ong began digging become aware of some of that 
around dance studios, searching for period of Chinese history. And 
a choreographer who specialized hopefully they will become curi-
in Chinese dance styles; they ous to learn more," Miyori added. 
quickly struck pay dirt. Audiences will also get to see 

"We found this choreographer, more with this production -
Jamie HJ. Guan, in New York, more of a set design, lighting 
and we knew that he knew Chinese ' shifts and elaborate costumes. 
opera style because he had done With the Old Globe's significant 
[David Henry Hwang's] 'M. But- financial and artistic backing, 
terfly,'" Miyori explained. "What Miyori expects that this six-week 
I didn't know until I met him was run atthe Globe's Cassius Carter 
that he was actually in the Peking Centre Stage will mark a new 
opera company that Madame Mao plateau for the play's production 
directed during the Cultural Revo- level. 
lution. He was a great resource in "This is really the first oppor-
helping us understand her person- tunity we've had to get full pro-
ality." duction value," Miyori said. "In 

Aside from sharing anecdotes past productions our budgets 
about Madame Mao's personal have been really limited. More 
life - in particular, her notori- oftentbanoot,thefacilitieswe've 
ous sexual prowess - Guan also performed in bave also been very 
described and demonstrated how limited technically. 
Madame Mao walked, talked and . "This will be the first time 
interacted with the other perform- we'll be able to incorporate all 
en. As a result of Guan's almost the traditional design elements 
accidental contribution, the play and we're very interested to see 
immediately catapulted to a dif- wbat it does to the show. I'm 
ferent level of bistorical authen- kind of waiting to see how it all 
ticity. works out." 

Miyori is quick to point out, "Madame Mao's Memories" 
bowever, that "Madame Mao's opens Saturday at the Old Globe 
Memories" is a play, DOt a lecture. Theatre in Balboa Park and runs . 
1be performance will DO doubt through June 26. For more infor-
leave audiences with a different mation, call 231-1941. 

Tlaanday.llayI2.19M 

nm WEEK 
to d ay 

Robin Williams crosa-dresses in M,... DoubtfIN, showing at 
6:30, 9 and 11:30 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theatre. Tickets are $1 in 
advance, $2 day of the show. Info: 
534-4399. 

I...... Allende, author of La 
caSll de los espirilw (Howe of the 
Spirits), will talk about her work in 
the Forum Studio of the Mandell 
Weiss Forum at 7:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $5 for students. Info: 534-2533. 

PaIqI_ VerdIcchIoand Aus-
tin 0.1 ....... will read from their 
work at 8 p.m. at the Newman! 
Williams Cafe Gallery in down-
town La Jolh,. Admission is free. 
Info: 454-1736. 

The InterutloMl Style s.n 
DIep FIlm FeatlY. will present 
the Chinese film The Blue Kite at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Student tickets are $4, and public 
tickets are $6. Info: 534-6467.' 

friday 
The Committee for World Democ-
racy will present n. LIfe of 
Patty ".",.., at 7 p.m. in Solis 
Hall 107. Admission is free. 

Fluf and .Mlnlllture will give a 
free concert in the Price Center 
Plaza at 5 p.m. Admission is free. 

Diego Symphony Orcbellra in the 
Weat Cout premiere of Roger 
Reynold'. ..Dr ..... ln." in 
Copley Symphony Hall at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $6. Info: 
699-4200. 

As part of the NatIv. Ton ..... 
poetry series, Miguel Angel Soria, 
Kim Jenice Dillon, Grace Lee and 
Anthony Navarrete will read their 
poetry at the Porter Randall Gal-
lery in downtown La Jolla at 7 p.m. 
Musicians Jill Burton and Scott 
Walton will also perform. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 551-8884. 

saturday 
live will play an all-ages show 
with VIc CheMnut and An •• 1-
"ah at the World Beat Center at 8 
p.m. Tickets are $9.91. Info: 296-
9334. 

The LA.-based hard rock band 
Suprtooth will play an 18-and-
up show with DIYId GoGo,MI .. 
led and Compulalon at Dream 
Street in Pacific Beach at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $7. Info: 222-8131. 

The La Jolla Symphony and Cho-
rus will present the West Coast 
premiere of Harvey Sollberger's 
"P ....... ," a program of mu-
sic about and from the New World 
of the early Americas, at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. The pro-
granrrepeats Sunday at 3 p.m. Tick-
ets are $6 for students. Info: 534-
4637. 

Kip Fulbeck explores ethnic 
Yoav Talmi will direct the San identity in the one-man show "8a-

~~fll(lll~ lO(Al M~~I( 

• 

~ UCSD CuardiaD 

Hbout 
nana Split and Other Mix Ups" at 6 
p.m. in Galbraith Hall 1118. 

sunday 
The AlIMI'I Brothen will play 
at the Hyatt Grand Champions Vil-
lage at 7 p.m. Info: 220-TIXS. 

monday 
All F..-k. Tour. and JKk 
T.mpchln a the Co.mlc 
R.mblers will perform at the 
Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $10. Info: 
481-9022. 

EIvI. Coatello ud the At-
trKtlonaplaywithCr •• h T .. t 
Dummies at the Starlight Bowl 
at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $27.50 and 
$33.50. Info: 220-TIXS. . 

tuesday 
Cal-Animagewill present""" 
Ildcoku '''9, Ahl My God-
... ,,,, ....."" of the 0.-
lactic ".",.. #12 and Irre-
.,.".". c.ptMt TyIfII' #5 
at 7:30 p.m. in York 2722. Admis-

sion is free. Info: 587-4890. 

F.,..we" My ConcubIne 
shows at 8 and 10:30 p.m. in the 
Price Center Theatre. Tickets are 
$1 in advance. Info: 534-4399. 

wednesday 
The Peter HIm ........... a.nd 
will play K.vIn Montaomery 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 8 p.m. Tickets are $7.50. 
Info: 481-9022. 

Shonen Knife will play an all-
ages show at the World Beat Cen-
ter at 8 p.m. Tickets are $12. Info: 
296-9334. 

THEHTRE 
umb'a PlQera Thutre: The 
musical "~ump Boys and Dinettes" 
will run through June 4. Set in the 
'50s, the play takes place in a gas 
station on a busy highway. Perfor-
mances are at 7:30 p.m. Wednes-
day and Thursday, 8 p.m. Friday 
and Satuday, with 2 p.m. matinees 
on Saturday and Sunday. Tickets 
range from $16 to $21. Info: 474-
4542. 

DI"er.lon." PI.yhou •• : 
Mary L. Smith directs Claudi 
Allen's "Movie Queens," a play 
that weaves together flashbacks 
from Hollywood in the '305 and 
Broadway in the '60s. The play 
runs through June 4. Performances 
are at 8 p.m. Thursday through 
Saturday. Tickets are $10 to $12. 
Info: 574-1060. 

'"1" .... /)\) 

HlATIJS 3 

~RLL[RI[j 
Mu .... m of Photop'ephlc 
Art.: "Souvenirs from Japan: 
Japanese Photography at the Tum 
of the Century" will be on display 
through May 22. The exhibit in-
cludes 113 hand-colored photo-
graphs taken from the collection of 
a German engineer. Gallery hours 
are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Sunday. Info: 234-1001. 

Mlns.1 Int.m.tlon.1 Mu-
Hum: "Images of India: Temple 
Cloths, Terra Cottas and Ornamen-
tal Arts" is on display through July 
3. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Saturday from 11 a.m. to 5 
p.m., 2 to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admis-
sion is $3. Info: 453-5300. 

M.nd.vlll. De.,.rtm.nt of 
Sp.cl.1 Collections, Th. 
Unlv.ralty Llbr.ry: "Ameri-
can Poetry Anthologies and Their 
Role in Defining the Canon(s) of 
American Literature," an exhibit 
ofliterary anthologies, will be on 
display through July 29. Gallery 
hours coincide with those of the 
library . Admission is free. Info: 
534-2533. 

Unlvenlty ArtO.II.ry: "Over-
lays from the Garden: Paintings by 
Linda Foss Asakawa and Trine 
Bumiller" opens tomorrow and will 
be on display through June 12. 
There will be a reception for the 
artists Friday from 7 to 9 p.m. Gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-2864. 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGHT COLLEGE PIZZA &: PITCHER NIGHT 
AlltD-oz. Microbnwed been 

$1 after7pm 
••••• t .. ......" 11 .... are"., ........ 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(oft«1 pm) 
$5 each 
if~IIM.'G ...... in SeaCoMt ...... 

274-ALES 

• Maximum Security 
• Affordable Prices 
• Spotlessly Clean 
• lUll Rentals 

M!MIEI ALUMNI 
ASSOC. SI'ON$OI 

UCSD 
Or-..-........ O 

Miramar Se Storage 
MlnllllrlW. 

I 1:.-1 i I ...... I 
I J 

Call for details III 
693-1717 
9434!(eamyMnaIcLIAIiiIii3 

01. .... witIA 711/9. ~ 



H4 The UCSD Guardiaa 

Let California Self Storage 
Move You FREEl 

BEFORE 

- U Load - We'll Haul 
- Closest facility to campus 
- Low low monthly rates 

$355' 
MIdrId $335' 
Amsterdam $315' 
London $305' 
Brussels $190' 

• All f.a 11ft: fach WIlY bMt:d on a rOUldtnp 
pu"d\III<. ' .... rooIlt1tiUd<drd -.cbCnS~. c.t 
""0II'<r""'--"" 
................ ".., 

Council Travel 

AFTER 

- Easy to use, easy to move 
- Saves you time and money! 
CALL NOW TO REIERVE A SPACE! 

Thundal, . Mal 12, 19M Thundal, Mal 12, 19M The UCSD GUardiaD HIATUS 5 

MU S Ie 
.. 

Phish Best New Artist - 199R Jazz r.",., 
tr.otJ."PoI 

RN EVENING OF FINE JRZZ 
Hoist 

Known primarily for its live 
shows, Phish brings DeW life and 
diversity to its latest album, Hoist. 
The band successfully mixes 
quirky lyrics and an improvisa-
tional style that meshes various 
instruments. 

However, the greatest differ-
ence between Hoist and other Phish 
releases is that the band has lim-
ited the number of long jams and 
solos which have defined the band 
over the years. Instead, Phish has 
focused more on the songwriting, 
creating cohesive and rhythmic 
tracks which the band will most 
likely alter and exp!lfld during live 
performances. 

#1 Tenor 
Saxophonist 

- 1993 DoUin Bcot 
Critics Poll 

May 29 • Sunday • 8pm 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

Students $12. G.A. $14 
UCSD Box Office. 534-6467 

"*' 
Presented by 
UCSD Unverslty 
Events Oflke 

7iCiiiiPiZ .. -· __ "_",.-.c:,,. 
-..--,_ .... _-

•• "~;..TIX. 

Phish manages to take the bi-
zarre and bring it to life with Hoist. 
In "Sccntofa Mule," a young girl 
meetS some aggressive aliens in 
an UFO. Before long, the girl con-
vinces the aliens to come and have 
some lemonade - all to a fast-
paced, hokey, Country Western! 
futuristic musical backing com-
plete with banjo. 

~ . ~=r.;i MUSIC TRADER 
GRAND 

OPENING 
SPECIAL The playful and almost pop-like "Julius" opens the album, fo-

cusing on the thoughts and para-
noia of the Roman Emperor Julius 
Caesar. Despite the pleasing 
melody of voices and light-rock 
atmosphere of the song "Lifeboy," 
Phish conveys hopelessness 
through the chorus : "God never 
listens to what I say/ And you 
don't get a refund/ If you 
overpray." 

Pushing the boundaries of con-
ventional ideas, Phish combines 
the eccentric, weird and poignant 
to create poetry with musical har-
mony. An acoustic rendition of 
"Dog Faced Boy" heightens the 
apologetic nature of the song. 

The final track, "Demand, "pro-
vides 10 minutes of the full Ph ish 
experience. Covering a broad 
musical spectrum, the song exhib-
its the improvisational skills and 
the tightness of the band yet holds 
true to its playfulness and zealous-
ness. 

After two minutes of the song, 
the music stopa and you fmd your-
self entering a car, changing the 
radio station several times before 
returning to Phish and then spend-
ing the remainder of the time 
speeding down the highway dur-
ing the jam. After the high-speed 
police chase endI in a glass-shat- I 
tering accident, an tI CIl~/1II verse I 
is luns in Hebrew. 

Hoist is clearly Philh's most I 
commercial album. However, the I 
music remaina untainted. Hoist I 
has the capability of drawing I 
Phish from ita und~round stat-
ure, elpecially with ita latest I 
video, "Down with the Disease." I 

Pbilh-hcada bave DOtbina to I 
fear, however ~ the band con- I 
tinuel in the spirit of put re- I 
leues to briDJ toaetller tbe ab- I 
surdity which aUJIIICDts imagi- I 
nation, while at the same time 
creatinl ple.iDI and challenl- I 
inS musical sroovea. I 

..., 

Pays More Cash for CDs, 
Tapes, Ind VIdeosI 

Tracie In: 
• 6 cassettes, get 1 free CD· 

• 2 CDs, get 1 free CO· 
'on __ 'NO_ 

UIed COt only. Add 52 for _ . 

Largest used CD inventory in U.S. 
• Ustening Zones 

~I(TRAD~R 
7094 MI ..... Rd. 893-1469 
6663 EI CIjon Blvd. (eoneee) 462-2274 
1084 Gamet (PacIfIc BeactI) 272·2274 
2216 EI Camino Re .. '110 (Oceanside) 439-t433 
3112 MIcIw8r Dr. (Sports Arena) 223-7777 
447 BroadWIr (EI ~) 444-2274 
481 BroadWIr (0lJIa VI ... ) ~3472 

can inhale 

ALL THE 
spAG~m YOU WANT 
FOR 5 , indudios salad and garlic bread. 

II: COOlS UGHT 
And to wash it aU down, ..... ., PITCHBBS 
Nocoapon ~. JIIIt brins your .... m ... ., I .. it. 

ANY DAY •• ANY TIME. Pbish will perform IDSDSU'. I 
Montezuma Hall on Saturday a. I 
8 p.m. The concert I. aold OUL I "'41 IIGmrra ID. 1Ml 1.=. PIBB 
For more Information, call 220- I VONS SHOPPING U -,. _IS. DBLIVBI.Y 
11XS. --0. .cOo ... I CINTIl .. ':,~.:.:... 546-7666 I 

. -. -. -.. . .. .. --.. -,----.IIin ... -t.~ ... ~ ....... ~~-~·:...-:...·:.JII-----~. 

neilch 
NING 
ON! 
6 

6663 EI Cajon Blvd. (College) 
& 

1084 Gamet (PacifIC Beach) 

GOOD AT ALL STORES! 
• 1 coupon per customer. Umlt 3 CDs 

pel customer . • Not valid wtth any 

~IC~~R 
I 1084_Ad. 89~145 

eee3 E1 CIjon IMI. (CoIIoeI) ~2-227 4 I 101W_(_lIoodl) 212·2274 
I 221'B_1IooI1110_~ 
I 3112 MIIIwIr Dr. (SporU NIno) 2n1777 441 ~(E1c.p\)444-2214 
I "1~(CftuII_)~3412 

~NGJ 
Pete's $199 

Wicked Ale ~. 
bottle 

Sp-irits of Saint .Germain 
3251 Holida, Ct. La Jolla (,cross Fr. EI To~ 

.... 455~~4. ..... . 

... 



HIATUS 6 ~t"'" Ut 19M 
ART 

SOllvenirs from Japan 
Exhibit at MOPA slwws innovatwn of JapaTl£se photography at tum of cenJury 

a,c..UdeII 
StaffMWte, 

While Japanese painting has 
remained stylistically distinct over 

. the yellB, Japanese photopaphy 
at the tum of the century incorpo-
rated Western influences and be-
came a more modernized art. 

Inboduced to Japan during the 
18705, photography helped to re-
veal aspects of a country undergo-
ing striking transformation and 
reforms. "Souvenirs from Japan: 
Japanese Photography at the Tum 
of the Century," the present ex-
hibit at the Museum of Photo-
graphic Arts (MOPA) in Balboa 
Park, is a display of 113 hand-
colored photographs by various 
artists, many of whom are un-

Yknown. 
The photographs in this series 

rail within the genre of souvenir or 

SARAH McLACHLAN 

THE INDIAt~S 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

TEXAS 

'"tourist'" photography. TheIc plio-
topaphs, collected by foreign trav-
elers, provide realistic portraits of 
Japanese life along with other de-
pictions of more distinct cultural 
scenes such as Geisha women, 
samurai warriors, Buddhist priests 
and various traditional Covents. 

All of the images are band-
colored albumen prints, but the 
actual added coloration varies with 
each photopaph and photogra-
pher. Felice Beato, a Venetian 
photographer, leaves the back-
grounds of his photos untouched 
while coloring in the clothing of 
the figures. He employs soft·hued 
colors such as grays, browns and 
light blues and achieves a subtle 
blending that makes the photo's 
toloring appear very authentic. 
I Beato depicts common domes-
tic scenes and the simple occur-

, MAZZY STAR 

.... MAZZYSTAR 
So Tanighl n..t I ....... s.. 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

PAUL \'!ELL E R 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

PA':! 

rences of daily life. 'He bancklol-
on pholoJrlpba of women dreas-
ing, playiq muaic, sleepina aDd 
drinking tea, often leaving the ph0-
tographs depicting larger lCCocry, 
such as viUages and temples, in 
black and white. 

The otbcr pboIograpbs in tbc 
exbibit capcure elements of the 
exterior world - shrines. road-
side teahouses, various city dis-
tric:tI and prdeos. 1bese worD 
provide a different SCIIIC of the 
Meiji periC?d (1868-1912) and of 
the ..... y changea takins plaCe at 
that time. Rather tban being can-
did, the subjec:ta of these photo-
graphs frequently look straight at 
the camera. 1be subjcct'uelf-coo-
sciousness creates a less natural-
appearing pbotograph. 

Another notable clement in 
some of the photographs is the usc 

SAr.' PHILLIPS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

11.99 CD 'Mea 

LUCY', ~UR COAT 

11.99 CD ~.99 CS , 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 9.99 CD 5." CS 
~...,:; OPEN SAIl TO .-...oHT EVERYDAY I 

EL CA.JON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
.L CAoION SPORTS A ... NA cou.. •• AIIU • 
791 "'""* P ...... y loPtH '_ '0 ,_ 310' '"'" A_ .... d. I40S El c.jon .... 
Ac_1ront PIIrI" ... , P... MCGIllIS ... . .. (11111)22<1-3:133 ,.., .. AIt . . ..... o.. 
(1119) 571·8701 NO RENTAlS V ... O . ..339311_ SI, (1111'222-7775 MD ............................. (I", .7.1420 

.-.............................. .. (11 .. 217· 11M 

of IJXH1Mlic color. With this style. 
artiata apply only one or • few 
colors to particular parts of the 
photo, luch as coloring the 
womeDl' lipa red but leaving the 
reatoflhe pbofo in black and white. 
This more conapic:uous style pr0-
duces I different type of photo-
gnpbic depiction. 

Similar to wbat we sec today 
with the black and white postcards 
of children with blatantly-added 
bright color on their clothes, these 
pbotopapba appear tampered with 
and do not have tbc same effect as 
the other cleverly.-colored ODes. 
Some of the lidded color in various 
phoIographa of landscapes makes 
them look like paintings. 

While these technical manipu-
lations may present less natural or 
realistic images, the photographs 
still succ:essfulJy portray Japanese 

life and document the perv_ive 
changes takiDa place in the COUD-

try~ 
The advent of photography not 

only brought modernization to Ja-
pan, but allO aided in disseminat-
ing images of Japan's culture dur-
ing an important historical period. 
1be creation of lOuvenir photog-
raphy allowed other parts of the 
world to view Japaneae culture 
through aesthetic pic:turca which 
provided documentation. 

"Souvenirs from Japan: Japa-
ncsc Photography at the Tum of 
tbe Century" is on display through 
May 22 at the Museum of Photo-
graphic Arts in Balboa Park. The 
Vista Buddhist Temple Shokenji 
Taiko Group will give two brief 
drum· performances in the gallery 
on Sunday at 3 and 3:30 p.m. For 
more information, call 239-5262. 

SUNDAYS! 
Enjoy Springtime Outdoors with 
FREE LIVE MUSIC 
IN THE GARDENS! 

EVERY SUNDAY. I • 4 P.M. 
May 15 - Jazz LIte 
May 22 - BiB Macphmoll It: Dlrd Beat 
May 29 - Steve Kdenus, M..., Reality 
Jme 5 - Peter Sp ..... 
JlIIe 12 - Gin PIdIer eo. A.I 

KARL STRAtJa BREWERY GARDENS 
9675 ScrM ....... SImI .. Mal .SI7-BRIW (2m) 

~M~~] 

: Flurry: 
!$19! .... 1O! 
1..-.11 ......... _-..,-..... 1 
L. ... ,.,....,....111'...... ... 
--------

SPECIAL: 
I 

,1_",_ 
• ... 3CD1 .... _ • • ___ .., 

_ ..... ·_7/lIJI4 

• Mustc.TRADER 
""'_ ....... 

IIU II~"" ~ 412-2274 
1014 ................. '212-2274 22lI.c.. ... nso _ 4If443I 
U12 ...... Dr ........... 22J.7m 
.. , ___ tllCItIIIt--4 
____ ........... 1472 

.----------~ 

Tlaunday, May 12, 1994 The UCSD Guardiaa 
• 

. 

BEFORE YOU TAKE OFF, LEARN HOW TO USE WORLDPHONEe 

Open the door. 

Pick up the 
receiver. 

You've got your tickets, rail pass, guide books 
and backpack. Now all you need while you 
travel overseas is the WorldPhone access number 
for the country that you're going to.* That's it. 
That's all. Done. 

With World Phone you can call from country to 
country or back to the U.S., without language barriers, 
currency problems, or outrageous hotel surcharges. 

You can use your MCI Card,· local telephone card 

Dial the WorldPhone 
_---1 access number. 

Start speaking 
to virtually anyone, 
anywhere around 

the world. 

or call collect, all at the same low rates, and 
you'll get an operator who speaks your language. 
And if you're a member of MCI Friends & Family," you 
will save an additional 20% on calls you make 
to other MCI customers in your Calling Circle.· 

This may be the most valuable thing that you'll 
learn all summer. 

For more Information 8ee the WorldPhone 
Insert In Monday's Guardian or call1-8()O.996-7535. 

From MCI 

Let It Take 'tbu Around The V\brld. 

.. . ........ 

11 



12 The UCSD GaardiaD 

DATE: Saturday, May 14th 

TIME: lO:OOam 

Lac TION: SUD God Festival 

Tlaanday. May 12. 1994 

SERVE 
UP 

A 
WINNER! 

EVIAN IP NATURAL SPRING 

WATER INVITES COLLEGE 

STUDENTS ACROSS THE 

COUNTRY TO SPIKE IN 

STYLE IN EVIAN 

SPI KEFEST - A DYNAM IC 

COED 'VOLLEYBALL 

PROGRAM TRAVELING 

TO 50 CAMPUSES 
THIS SPRING. 

EVENTS WILL FEATURE 

BEACH VOLLEYBALL 

ATMOSPHERE -

EVIAN WATER SAMPLI NG 

AND VOLLEYBALL 

COLLECTIBLES. 

C~MPUS 1 
CHAMPIONSHIP. 

GREA1' £VIAM 

PRESENTED By 

evian. 
natural spring water 

\ 

Tlaanday, May 12, 1994 The UCSD Guardiaa SPORTS 13 

TEAL: We're all 
Shark crazy! 
c.tInued ............ 1.8 
But cSoo't think I'm jumping on the 
SJwb' bllldwap. 

poIICr from the fint year of the 
team'. existence. It features photos 
of Pat FallooD, Neil Wilkinson, 
Kelly Kisio, Doug WillOll, Bryan 
Mullen and Jeff Hackett. 

of bocltey because of bcalth pr0b-
lema and I think I saw HlCkell at 
trrc the 0Cbcr day working in the 
lawn furniture department at Sears. 

Sharks' roster reads like a medical 
tenbook on obscure disease., fea-
turing an "Ozolinsch," and a 
"Kroupa," not to mention the infa-
mous"Ovs" -Oarpenlov,l..arionov 
and Makarov. And of course, per-
baps the greatest name in all of 
sports, "Arturs Irbc." 

den. When it comes to team chemis-
try, the Sharks' biggest problem is 
deciding what kind of restaurant to 
go to for dinner. 

Not even elOie. I've been on the 
SIwb' bandwap siace the team 
first plopped in on us unlusprdilll 
Bay Area hockey neophytel three 
years ago. You wmt proof'll have a 

Falloon is the only one still on 
the team. WilkiDIOn iI. with the 
Blackbawb, Kisio atatea for the 
Flame., Wilson played for tbe 
Blackbawb last year and bu since 
dropped out of aight, Mullen is out 

All of tbeac former playen have 
been replaced witb guys wbose 
DIIDeII are much buder to prollOUDCC 
and what do you bow, they are in 
the playoffs. Perhaps the name fac-
tor ba been overlooked in analyz-
ing a team's success. Now tbe 

Their bomelands read like a 
United Nations field trip - Russia, 
Latvia, the Czech Rebublic and Swe-

Yel, these scrappy Sharks seem 
beaded for playoff bistory. The en-
tire Bay Area is awah in teal and 
they'reallSlwkaazy. SoamI,and 
on the basis of my ichtbyological-
induced hysteria, may ( offer a pre-
diction: Maple l..cafs in seven. 

r---NEW PATIENT SPECIALI'--. 
Costa tVertfe 'Dentistry 

'" :$45~, 
CLEANING & 

/" ; X-RAYS !bitewing) 
~ COSMmc" FAMILY DENTISTRY" ORAL SURGERY 

• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are\lnbclievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
• Straighten teeth without braces 
• Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CAllUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
..wo.. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
w. accept most insurance pion, and moll major credit cord, 

GREAT WESTERN DIRECT DEPOSIT 
The better way 

to deposit your paycheck. 
With Great Western direct deposit There's no more wony about 
lost, stolen or misplaced checks. And when you're out of town or 
on vacation your chec~ is automatically deposited for you. Direct 
deposit is the beuer, easier way to deposit your paycheck. 

We~re so sure you'll Ig!ee we'll give you a Great Westem Regular 
Cheddn, account with 110 monthly service charges for IS lOn, 
IS ~u direct deposit to the account and 200 Great Western Image 
checks free. 

333 Washington Street, San Diego 
(619) 293-7940 

GRFAT WESrERN BANKI!i!li 
A FedInI Savings BIrIk. Member FDIC. 

Personal and Confidentiaf Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREEPREGNANCYTESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate rest Results) 
ABORnONTO 24W£EKS (General rx Local Anesthesia) 

I r, r,1r ,>,~ 
~ )'~" 1 ( : t f t,;· t J ~ 1/" Y 

f ~ I t ,flh t ' r 11 

MI~,")"JVtf )'1 "Jf Wl'or,T F1F ,\C H 
2fl-ll1rt L j f~ lo!' ltd,' nl'( t, • 

'i:1 I: t 1)1 
.: "'.' 1 

fl!/il FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

Develop Your Skills for 
Summer Employment 
UCSD Extension offers a wide range of professional courses to increase 
your value in any work environment. Gain a competitive edge to land 
the job you want by building confidence and skills in communication, 
computing, problem solving, and leadership. look for these work-
shops, beginning June 20. 

• Business Computing Fundamentals 
• PC Basics 
• Financ~1 Accounting for Non-Accountants 
• Elements of ... rketing 
• Elementary Accounting 
• fiuncial "'nagement and Analysis 
For a free catalog, drop by the UCSD Extension 
Complex, or phone 534-0406, X 1128. 

A Division of UCSD Extended Studies and Public Service 
LlCSI:I 
EXTENSION 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Did,w know ••• 

... m. prevmtive demal rmltmenr acrually Iowm the cost of your dental 
c:.ft Oftr die long Imn! With rtglliar chcck-upi and c1~ings ~ can catch 
..... 1iaIe probletJII beflft thry bKome big ones, and prevent build-up on your"" from causing tissue bmlkdown and bone loss. 

&, why not take a~ of your mouth al least as well as you ~e CIltt ci 
youraraDd bring youDelf in for a check-up and c1eaning ... 5() you won't 
hne 10 Ipmd a sma" fortune on a new model in thr l'utu~ . 

Your Datural smile is a tmIIU~ worth protecting ... and with roday's 
advInceI ill coemetic techniques. we can even make it brighter than ever at 
......... apetl2 to you. Call us today! 

LA JOUA VIWGE DENTAL OmCE 
James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

C'JeneI1II, ~entative, and ~ric Services 
MOIl ms..n..a /IC'afJfftI 0 Mt'fIIbn- ADA. COA. SOCOS 

J...IoUe V~ PrvfaAonaI Center, ' ·5 . UijoJ. V ... on.. 
_ViILI .... .1GIIa Dr., SMite 21030 Tcpfloot',jwcw..dtltt E,.",.." IIor 

' .. 

,-



.. 

\\\01\41'''\1'''' 
T,_W", abr0a4 thl. eu_,? Get • 

~ ...... 1IIIIIonaI " t IhIp to ..., 
aI _ a.ooo ,...... ........ iC:aI :sa. 

_t .~ 

ATTN AJmITSI CAN COWII CONTeST. 
WIIIMr. • . 00 ,-" 1II*IIIMd.1uINIIIt: 
.... ~ deeIgn. 110 1IaadIng. willi 
_. p/IoM ........ ww-: c.,. oftIoa-
0314. DaedIIM: May 20lIl. au ........ : 1M-
... (411&-5118) 
Internatlonel Partnara Program ll1M-lI6. 
Wantlo ....... foreign""? SIgn up to be 
an InterNIIIonaI partner. We .. IMICII you up 
w/a ....... atudanI of your choice --*y. 
PIcIt up an ~plkallu at ... Inlernadonel 
Center. (W-5It2) 

San Dlago·. only II.Y .occar taam I. 
~ .. _. Cal er.Ig. 
1112-03411. (5I2-5I2t) 

EIIfOjIa onIW 1288. Haw YorI! "211. CIICII a 
JalAnyIIma. (Raponad III IAl'I go. NYnm.). 
Cal 31 C).3IH-«5ISO. AIrtIIICII (A). cw-eI2l 

SeniorL .. GnIduaIIon Pub CtawI II June II. Only 5 ___ . Slay luneclfar _Infa. 
(5It-5112) 
PUMP IT UP! Pump up your _ with 
a.perlanca In tha ·,..1 wo,Id.· Do .n 
InIemINp and pin tItI -.ry ...... to 
c:ompaIaln today'ljob ___ TIte"-lamlc 
I--..pProgrMt 11--. ~pllc"'IIII" 
for local lumrnar Infamllll.,. and F.II 

WMIIIngIDrID.C./OUI~_ ~ ..... lINpIunIII 
May 21. PIcIt up Info. IIIIOuI ...... up your 
own IIMmIIIIp IIy aMy 20. TIle AlP oIIIoe .. 
on t1t12nd floor. ue.ratwa Bldg .. .-32M. 
WI'r, open 8 :30-12:00 and 1:00-4:00 
(2:00p.m. on Wed.) (5It-5I12) 

lIMI. 1.Na ancI ~8pMIIII1nc-nav.ca. 
MexIco. 1 ........ 1Inguage PfOIIfMIaI TIle 
Canterfar ...... 1otuIIIc:IAbnI SIudIaI. Cal 
JuMa Tupper at (811) 211&-7020. (5112-511., 
BIBlE STUDY ____ laJolla. God 
.. doing _'''''111 fraaII and _ In ... 
...... ""·.anopandoorto ....... _ ... 
'"- In WI ~ -.y. TIM WunI 01 
God II IIvInI and powofuIt FOf ~"""'on. 
cIftc1Iona. OfMa ....... C8II Jim Stawan, 
......... (5112-5123) 

L'IPun ,11-.\" 
INTERNATIONAl EIoFlOYMENT ..... up to 
~."""bMIc_ Me ... 
EngIIah In ....... T ...... Of S . Karaa. No 
1aaI:hInQ background or Allan ~ 
,.qund. For ~oIao II ........ (201) 832-1 t.e ax. 
J5178.~ . 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING &m up 10 t2OOOimo. 
on CIulla Shipe or ~ Too,w COffII* .... 
Sumro. ancI Ful ....... .,..". ••• .........,. 
No ....,.,100_ --,. For ~"""""', CIIII 
1·20&«M-0488 ax. C8878. (3128-6'21 

ALASKA SUMMEII EMPLOYMENT - Earn 
up to ".000+ In two montIII. Room and 
boardl Trllft8POl1alionl ..... Of Famala. No 
axperlaMe roacaMrf. c.H (208)545-4155 
axt. A5117a. (4/4·5I2t) 

PROTECT 
YOURSELF 

Insurance for: 
• Autos 
• Renters 
• Homeowners 
• Health 

Free Quotes -Competitive Rates 
Good Student D,scounts 

F;HrI~ tnsurance Agencv 
4350 Executive Or . '200 

iln the UCSD area) 

453-LlFE (5433) 

SUMMER 
INTERNS 
NEEDED 

Great opportunity for 
out-going. personable 
and FUN people who 

want to leam everything 
they can about RADIO! 

Your chance to work 
for a top AM & FM 

combination radio station 
in San Diego. 

Call 292-7800 ext. 
284 for details. 

.. 

1"he UCSD CuanIiaD 

CLASSIFIEDS 
.... .., . 

C/Qssijied advertising is sold in 15-word increments. 1he rate per 15 MOnts is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for focuJty and slaJ/, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a chec/c (mtIIle payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeodJines an! 3 p.m.1hurstkzy for Monday~ 
i.mIe, and3 p.m. Monday for 1hurstkzy~ issue. The Gwudian~ tire ri.ghJ to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.MaiJingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:C~ 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, lAJolIa, C4 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

'"'- .... aI HoonaI ...,..,000 waaIdyt 
F_ ... 8A8I!1o: P.O. b227l8,"~ 
CA 1121112. (4I26-5I2S) 

WorIIIng".. MOIl Mar _ .......... ... 
3cto111h11June 1 we, ........ 7:-"'5Lii\.. 
4:0IH:3Op.rn. ancI_ SIIII.IdIw nIgIIIa. Own 
Irwwport.lion ... d chllclcua .".,an-
...... ~172. (512-5118) 

Naad:IUoSalon ..... IorI'ltwolaCouo*Y 
cu. ancI T..". ...... ,..." I ' h.d 
- '-e. L.oaIdng lor ..,..etc .... 
orIar*cI ............. 0.....,., ........ _ 
............ Cal Jim 543-1341. ~12) 

CAREOIVEA lor 2 ancI 4 YMi' old In 80IIna 
........ IC).20In./Wk. ....... _ ...... J71 
lor. 71I6-48I1II. No ...... 5PMI (W-5I12) 

aa...r: ea.. ....... P.T. 0t0wnfIIIII SNI MW. 
...... - earn. 8YI ep.rn.-3a.rn. lUll • lor. 
.,..... w.d 2p.rn.--.m, 45HM'I. lII/N1l1J 

HOW 1'0 GET A ... II I'S'ICHOLOCIY: 
8nIgN tile ancIlipa tom IWY _ jab .-do 

abauI'-Io~ ..... hoapaln __ 
_ of ... ClIIooaI ............ IiwIIIuIoIIIe 
pIIana,..,....,.Io-.l....,.._SInd 
d-*bl24 .• (lndudngtoox_aIIIppIng)10: 
Dr. I<ack, IIX20 A ___ ......... m. s.n 
OlIgo. CA 112122. (W-5I12) 

8UIeroI1o INCh pIIIoo 10 3 young CIIIIIIhIIM". 
011 MarIlOllll_ ..... WIt..., ''I2.0CMv. 
AjIpI_.1IIIItf 1-1flln.~'" "'--cal 
~ X48174 .110IIII75&-3713. III/NI1I) 
S-- Pff. TypIng/dIIwIng b -. ....., 
poiIl. PIoynagalllbll. ~n-."'ASF. 
481-3815. (11112-6118) 

Camp Coun .. lor. I Horeeback Riding 
~ RoughIng " o.y Camp In SF ~ 
ANa. Muelbe ....... ~ e-...,.,. 
ancI .... Cal (S10) 2D-3715. (M-6'2) 

CALJI'OMA PIZZA ICITCH8II1 now hIoIngIl 
Apply In ptliClfllILm.-t20r 3p.m..,.m. ""-
_ our cIIIpIIy .. below tor ...... 1 (11112) 

JOB WANTED .. ra .. arch a •• llt ... 1. 
~MA.r-ao ....... _ . ...... 
wrIIng(aNIyIIc tkIII. RafIo ._. 21M-4111D. 
(5112-5118) 

ReIIawant 

CaIifomiaPizza 
IIJI_Opeusin 

VUlU&V& Mountain 
& La Jolla 

california Pizza IitI::beD II biriDg 
for our oew IocaIiooIIn CIrmeI 
MounIaIn Plaza and DownIown 
La JoIPa. 
Coole joto our team and btIIp 
..... u.s two grand openlogIa 
....ung_: 

• Inn' ....... 
.1bII. • SUIIatia 
• PIlla, hili, PlllryClall 
.... 

APPLY II PDIOI, 
.... 1It I-u..,..,. 

CDII .... ·..,lt U'UIIIr, 
... 0iIII ..... .... 

.11 .. ...., ... 

... WI· .... ..,. 
1m .... ..... 

.... ,1ID,2IIII .. 

L.eADINO SAN DIEGO ~ NOW 
AECRUIT1NQ QRADUATES FOIl EUAOPE 
AND MEXICO. SEND RESUME AND 
BACKGROUND LETTER TO UAX. 21 eo 
OAANET AVENUEISUITE "FIB.D, 112'1011. (51 
12-5117) 

are&' ICIISFa"ENATCAT~ 
CAMPS. ........ Camp ..... .v.. ........ 
..... ~~~ 
CouMiIoIa. ~ DaIIoad. LJaguanI 
~ .................. -..a.g 
...... 6"I40e41o WZW4. I1a .... ~ 
...... C1i1311).411)."" lIIf'Ia6'2!I 
Hmg: o.an.. ....... 2 IDaIiIIDnI: 011 Mar -
K-.al7111H11118. LaJolll- Tom ....... 732&. 
• UII/hour .......... lWO IIcIuI'IfWak.I'IIoIII 
'1,. 110101 IIIIpf\II, II1II .... hili, (IIf11-5123) 

I· .. H ~ \ 1.1-. 
1IIcnII:tw.1II "")(33, 3IIII-RAM, 42011-
SCSI-HD. 'MIdIMa, ".-; EIIIIrnaI 9C8I-
HD-2OOII,115; F_7OOcc , ...... ,,875. 
.,,-•• a~" sm 
(l1l2-5I12) 

......... s. ca. gDIIIIaand.. c.-I 
1or ..... --...,I14Q.DfgIIaf~ ..... 

_alCIw~"""'. 
I11III ............ , ............. ., 
...... 11m Cal CIw a..-.1W6'I2) 
I. VN .... AIIIua ........ _ 1ntIrIor. 
...... body.AWU--.. Cal 1134-1814 Of 
!IIIao4728. 1II/NI1t) 

SHARE FRIEND8 F\.Y FAEEI l!II.-aMy 21 
(7:46 p.m.) 10 o.ioMnd ilium aMy 30 (p.m.) IX' 
...... I. (p.m.) 10 0I0I0IInd .- ...... 20 
(a.m.). For If*» C11118112-4181 . (Mo8(12) 

FQR8AL!:1t72VN .......... _ ....... 
........................ .-m. ......... ,700. 
*"-y 1134-13112. 1II/N>'12) 
FUion • 0...0 Sz. BIII:k, .... ~ 2-
p..-nfowM •• '120. CaI~. (!IHI12) 

1l1li3 BMW ... ** on IIIIiIIIc, ..., good 
-..on. N-auI, 1401< ".... t34OO.00. 275-
4207. (!IHI1 t) 

8UMMEA'a HEFIEI Far .. \1aay ..... 
1aO,000000NUleIIO, 1VT ..... goodOOIdIan 
1100. ___ .... Cal 0IIII BU(lU). CIW-6/'I1) 

ao.dprh:MICWNlgalfIam F'tIr,tIaVf"llllFGlDwi 
__ INII' '-"1III. 484.amL (MIo6'1:1) 

Mac ~ LS. Hayee Madeon, 4ot.e1lit. 
..... far Il180. Bad and fiwM. ''100. Deal< 
'100 abo. ~ 7844. (I!I12-1J123) 
For !We: KIng .. ;pring box _ miiIIha 
Clean, good condIon. 180.00. Cal 483-4I0Il7, 
(11112-51181 

F. -':I11III* ~ IPfInIIuI, lINd only 
_l8Oabo. CaI.HIT47. (8{'I2-5I18) 

LIoa _18 W'W .. 1III114· H. rafIIgaolllOr 146; 
oompuIar-dalll" 1IIdao--' caIIIIIII"0 
OlIo. DoIpIIna 45N4a. (5112-51181 

a-EAPI T .. ** *-140. a ......,... 
"5 ... __ ..... 15 ....... 15 ..... ' 
mara. Cal ao-.y 4IIeo3CIIIO - ..... In time lor 
-. (11112-6'21 

Conoputar-3QI8)I-a. l8II~wla. 
RAIl YGA nat. 1.2, 1.44""" ... haod 
..... e,.an wide .,.... .....,. WIndowI 
3.1 . WP 5. ... MIiII ... 1I140. (1(12-5111) 

1101 ~I\" 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME - UCSD SIal and 
• 1 'DIBOQIM'8.~ ..... NaIrUC&l. 
1,3nl121O.011D'at' 31ft 1150,0lI0+. CandDltII 
Uuy lu._ ..... La .... UoW. ~ .... 
...... DaI ........ &.III,a..man.. ..... 1o 
8!U.. _what 1 t Y!ARS !lCF!MICECWldcI 

1IUIIIor~ JucIto ............... 8111-
27WI1e.~2) 

". AMI: ~ CIIy PIIymor Condoa: 4-
badovom 2 bill!, ,'4M; ~ 2.5 ..... 
'1275. Nit 1. QuIll. 454-t482. (4121-5131) 
I MINUTII ""011 UCIDI :5 lpaeleul 
1IadioCIfM. 2 huge ~ at bNIduI 
IoWIiIaM ~ tor 1 ~ .......... 
JVIt, '14011fonDn?11rir*ic11nG 2 baIcanIea, pool 
ancI jmmI. ancI2 _ garage. P.edng ....... 
II •• I "Y .... loedlool. ____ Io ......... 
IMH1M. (4I21.e118) 

Have you used Retin-A? 
.. $ Paid 

tUve you used Retin-A or skin rejuwnatina products (such as Fruition, 
Tumaround Cretzm,. Delging CompIu, etc.) and experienced 

irritation? New skin care restaJ'ch company, located ill La Jo"a. seeks men 
and women who have had problems with either of these product 
ategoria to ~rticiplte in skin are tab with new anti-irritant 

inaredients. Earn up to $100 if you qualify. Recruitina now for studies 
running imrnecmtely. IS MIllS throughout the summer . 

Call 550-7070, ext. 400 
immediately for a free interview 
Cosmederm~ 

&~~~ 
OPTOMETRY 

GRANt> OPENING SPECIALS 
---------T---------SUNGLASSES I EYE EXAM "AND" 

) SPECIAL I GLASSES 

$20 otT* ! $99~oMPlZm 
'/WI _ II S1OCII. I "SIIGU: _. (It· • • 1IUCT _ 

-------------------urc 'X"lilI7,',.4 455 105'" (NEXT 1'0 NORDsTROM) • iii 

Th ........ r, Ma,.12, 19M 

Gal 1 ...... T ............ I14711. 
AMIlWl CII-.....-..rt. ~II 

3 bedrooml. 1 .5 batll. "50. Camino 
GIorIta. 2.5 bath,. ,1150 EMt_a. with 
tennle. 757-4". (4/25-.,2) 

THII!I I'!MAlE ~TQ -.tad 10 
..... UoMrIIIyClly ............. June I. 
I27W33iper ........... 1Jot ...... 0uIaI, 
frIandIw aowIooI_iL Cal .. aI ...... Own 
_ ....... (......" 
!'OR tALI: Condo 3/bdr.. 1,5 belli. Haw 
--. IPr' -. aqa. UCSO. STEAL 
"11.000. Cal 5117-1 •. (4128-51181 
!'OR IALI: IJoWeNIIy CIty condoa ..... 
1.2.3.4.5 bedfOOlfll av ..... tllrouehout 
__ . 1750 to 12.0lI0. 483-0801. lOAD 
REALTY. (5I2-IW8) 

DeLIWl AcIorM far ..... BIg"'" _ yard 
willi Iuodoy. alarm, quill, _ baacII. No 
amoIoIng, pall. .., 10 1400. Cal Tom 2112· 
7078. 1»1777. (5I2.e111) 

F ...... IOOiIiiNIlI-.tadfar.-..... ....... 
UTe. ~ 1200 + 1/3 ~I AvaIIIbIIl/ll1-1J 
15. "'10115. (5I2.e111) 

1213 ... 1,14 ..... lor ...... 10 .... 
m.ear In 2l1li, 211A .. 5 "*"*'''''''' ~ 
Fnea Iouodoy In 'Ill ...... 2 ...... jIa.izII, on 

bUllNtII~~"'AIIt·I5.Wa'" 
1 ............. 7a8halllnl.(i!I'Hi12) 
SUMMER SUBLET! Own _ III lIIWnIle _ 
- CIiIIpUI. A~ July-Autull (IIIIdbIa). 
1300. Mrt 822-1877. (1112-6'12) 

~ SubIM: Own bedooOfn, FURNISHED 
In 4 bidroom. 1.5 belli condo. 138I!{I'no. Cal 
Greg. 517-1088. (512-5118) 

OWN BEDROOM. I'URNISHED In 4 badovom 
'I .a I11III. AwoIIIbIa June OR Sapanobao . Cal 
Greg. 517·7088. (512-6'28) 

L.OClKINO TO SHARE APT! F ...... ~ 
IIUIant IoaIdng b 'Ill ___ 10 ...... 
willi anatIiar ........... StIlt Aug. 15. 
1184. Cal CIvIeIIna • 753'-8431. Laaw 
.-.ga, (M-5I12) 

SuomoaI ............... June 13 - fumIatoad 
raom, - ball!, ...... condo willi _ gilt. 
1Iuncrf. pool, - UCSD ancI buaIIoIIi. Non-
Il1II0II.-. ........ preIarrad 1400 obo • dIpoaI. 
Cal 467 .... (Il0'5-l/11) 

8uomoaI ....... 2 ....... (t3OO aach) ancI 1 
cIoubIa (1210 per ptIiCIfI) 1.5 1liii0. """'" 
____ • _ ............. lIIIIbuIIIna. 1/4~. 

Cal RIelly. 822.oee1 . (M-6'2) 

*'-II ....,.. avaI. 11115-6'31 w/optIon 
1O_ ..... 3bdmI .• 2.5~IoUCSD. 
UTe. V_. bua. 211aatad pooII. bIcIiy. pallo." 
appInci. 11200 mo. Cal 587-2!522. ~18) 

HoI.a lor ..... UrWwaIIy CIIy. 5 badrooma, 4 
bathe. Two .,....,.., .. _ oomIortatoIy. 
Pool, ~. hint! room, dining .-n, 
...... Cal 481-3133. (518-6'2) 

IhmIbI. )IOImIIuJs I" • sftlbI of IN 
LonI, arrd HI will Itt )011 up . 

-~~ID 

r--------.. I h, •• , .di •• Ir llrll I 
: ' ':::~~i .Ir· IHII ·ElalE

Il I: 
1 .... ..,- I 
-'-"" ... 

I =.c:- • I 1:':'_ I 
• ' 1 

25% I 
Off '1 

.CIIII I 
DIIIIII I 
• 11 ..... '*17770 ........... I I .... ,.In .. V. ..... c.r I 
I ... 11 ...... 1IiIII. • 11·11 foI, a ...... 1 

~-----,---

.........,., ...,.14, 19M 

.............. WIIIiNIID, 1 .... 10 

.... ................... lnQ,,.., 

....................... , .. 

.... CII ... .,..., ....... 

.......... .-........... . 

....... , ....... .., ..... 1 .. ....... 

.......... MIIIMs WI ............ ~ 
,... ...... + tll~ lIINt181 

, ..................... , ,.,.-
UTe. UC8D. Cal Nne 7IM4U. __ 1IM. 
......, 

IFBoW.EIlUlllERROOIIMATES ..... ... 
ahare _tar bed_ wi .... b .... at 
Ali I 101\II1II.. ....... .......".. ....... 
jmmI. ..... -- ......... ~ ..... .. 
AIIIIIIIIa .......... IlsdllllIIIiougII ... 3DII. 
..,,~ .... plua113 ...... CalMlis 
• Lwm. ....... (IIIN/12) 
s.- BIIIIIIt - 2 10 ................. 
'*'-. On ..... 11lii0i. will to UC8D (U 
T ....... 6"IHIIQ. .. _u .. ..all. __ 
11177. twHl'llIJ 

BIIIIIIt ...... 7/1 . Huge apII Own ..--. 
1IIIMnMI.1IIIIocInr. pool. CIaaa ... UCSO. ~ 
mo. 412-1711. (lllN/1. 
......., ......... 2 __ ........ .... 
parIdng. ...... wer. '*-10-.-. UTe. 
..... + quill, _ . 138IWmo. + 1/3 uti. Cal 
8it8r or BolIn 487.a451 . ClllN(18) 
Aoom tor rani ,*,-amOOr ASAP. SIIara 
IIIoIInG'nIn 2badovom'lll _UTC. I35O.00 
417-3174. II/1-II11) 

............... MIIIIIIa 1/'10-6"10. I37l/OIIo. 
+ 113 uti. 2 _ ~. pool. jmmI. 
_ UTC. FIiIIIIII .......... Cal I..Ina 4156-
1752 Of .... 5Ii2-aI22. (5.'Hn) 

PACIFIC IIEACWCROWNPOINT -RoommaIa 
naedad Juna through Aug . to occupy 
II ... bdI ... wipIMoIa 1liiio of I 2 ~ 1liiio 
"" "",,01 1110111 """ (25). $pacIouI. poaI • 
1scuzzI. pIog. YauIIacI caIIng, roof -. bNcI\' 
bay 1IIIwa. $420 olio. Jon or ~ 483-
1731 . (W-6/12) 

LooIdng far I good pa!iOft til .... 2IIRI'I SA 
IOIItII P.B, .... 4 lib. !rom baacII. AvaIIIbII 
June 1 b 1383/mo . • 1 fl uti. + dapoIII. Cal 
Da\II 272-4478, Iv. ftI8II. (5INI12) 

2 iIngIea for aumlMr eublat: In 4 br. 2 be 
c:oncI. One IInIIIIfrom 1/15-11115 ($2115). 0tIIar 
for 7/1-11/15 (1280). Near C8mpui. cable. 
Ia ... dry. pool. a- ....,. Cal DIanna or 
Jenne 55&-2152. (5111-8/2) 

GET SUMMER LMNG ACCOMMODATIONS 
READY NOW! Own.-nln PStorI207.5C/mO. 
+ 1/4 utll ... St 00.00 dapoiIt. 2 bIocIos 10 bay. 
MIroI-.Io baacII. Farnall non-emokar ........ 
Cal 274-8341. (5112) 

Roommatel wantad to .hara 4· bedroom 
~ -r - campu;. Summar Mid/or 
beyond. (MIF) 12115.0010 aIoara. From 1375.00 
lor own roem. Non· .moklng r .. ponllbla 
rDCIIIIfIIIItai ~. Roy 4112-8836. (5It-51t 2) 

UTCISIngIa room available. Includai laundry, 
1IIfIIII. ancIlullldtcIoan 1aciIItIaa. $350. Female. 
552'()IM (~). ~~ 

UTC room. aulf1llllf aubIat oIcay. ASN> . ........ 
only. PII. wid , $365. no dapoaiI. 511&-7487. (W. 
5/18) 

VIaItIng ProlaN« iNIdng 2 badroem houaIng 
for AugIll15·20. W. 534-8171, H. 824·11787. 
(11112·5123) 
RoornoNIIa ....... 10 ...... _ from June 
22M 10 Sept. 11: You ..., 4 July' AuguaI onIyI 
(I3OOfmo.) _flam baacII .. T ...... In 
W. 5 Iidom . ...... pool. JsauaI, ...tWdoyar, 
....... 1liii0. ate. ErIc 48N215. (!IS-5Il11 

Own_In .......... UC8DI WID. CIIIIIa 
.......... Cal Rob 417-1-' (IIf1H(1t) 

........... Two ........ lISIdIdto .... 

.....111 UIMoIIIy ely""'. WttIMtI*yor. 

.... vIWw. GootI dIIIl _. IISIIII + UIII. 
4IN448. A ..... &-1310 NIl. (l1l'i2...., 

........ M)OM AVAlI..MU ............ 

........ -.-. 1310 to .......... 
___ 1II ............ LaJola-. 
... ........ _ ........ WMyCClOl 
r .. "' ........................... ,I.(11 
fl..,., 

.. ' 101 ........... + CIIIIn. .... 

......, ..................... D7S 
,., ......... ,714, (lLl'lNIIIIIt 
1 __ ._ ............ "1M 10 ...... 
...... 1whom ... _lIIIIo;t I .,lnoando 
_un:.w...M,.." ·mf_ ..... 
.., aach ...... CaI-.-. (11112) 

Filii roo_at.. lamala non-liIIOIca, to 
lllara cool R.nel_a apartmant w/ 
pooIl. 'Icuzzl. and _ral Own room. 
1330.00 • 1/4 utlIItIae. 8ummar .u .... t. 
IIY"'" Juna 1-8apt. 23. Uaa 4I0-0I73 
Of 825-0112. (11/12·5/1 g) 

..... PII/\,a JoIIa,IIIDc:b 10 bNcIo. WIIIItoarI 
____. on ........... 1450 • 1300 dap. 483-
... (1(12·5118) 

FALlOUARTER 0Nl VI Need a _far F .. 
'1M only? Near c:arnpui, Cal 811 4112-82110. 
(5112-5123) 

UTC room. __ ....... okay. ASAP. 
........ only • ...,. wId~. no dapoaIt. 558-
7487. (5112) 

F - hoi..-. WWiIN, UTe - UnIvarIIIy CIIy -
UCSD. No 1iIICIke. 1278.511o'noo. + dap. + uti. 
Il10-1., .51433 24 ..... (11112-5118) 

Room, lor ranI In contamporary lown 
11 __ OIl rrom UTC . ... ., bu •• top. 
Share "'11' living ..... Fully equipped 
kitchen. laundry l.cIUlIa • . Two Furnllhed 
room. IVIliable aach.t 1350 par room . 
Utllltl .. Included. Hai comrn. pool. Ip., 
club hou ... 5 min. rrom UCSD Nonl_kar 
Famal, preferrad. Laura . 550-03117, (51 
12·5/18) 

13711 Paclllc Baado 2 bIcIraono 1.5 belli. Naad 
......... 1OOIIiIIOIIa far aummar and achooI year, 
'I block til pay, 5 bIocIcI til ... beach. Clean, 
quIat. Cal 274-6270. (5112) 

......... hIIma. CIfI8 emaI bedroom . .... 
IIIIIIroom $t 711. Farnall. clean, ............. no 
ernoIdngIpats. 57N123. (5112-5118) 

lITC -. __ aubIIt okay. ASAP. "'""" 
only. ~. wid. 1370. no dapoaIt, 511&-
7481. (5112) 

aw- HouaIng: Own 100m In a 4 bdrm. 
..,.... lJIiIvINIIy city. II IIIInu* from UCSO. 
yard. WID. + YiawI .:nlWmo. from June t 510 • 
Aug. 3'111. Cal Laon aI 1534-2480 Of 4118-l1li73. 
(5112-6118) 

3 bedouom condo. AvaIIIbII"- 151010 SIp\. 
I. Naar~ 1IuncIry, pooI, ..... lparIdng. 
110511t'ri00nth II ancIeI-. nagotiabIa). F ...... 
prafarrad. 535-0875. (5/12-5123) 

s..mn-~ WIII'Ifed. Own room In 3 
bedroom condo. 'Vary cIoie to c:ampui. pool. 
epa. perking. partlyfumlaloed, Iaundry.AYIIiIabIa 
J .... 15th until Sept. 5Ch (nag) . S350 (nag.) 
F ...... 1135-0875. (5112·5/23) 

Summar .chool .ubl.t .v.lI.bl, IIrll 
.. .. Ion . mld·Jun,· Aug. I . ,700 for ,ntlra 
.... Ion Includ.. utilitia. ,.capt p~ona , 
own lurnl.had raom. wid , peel.l.p ... bu.1 
bika/walk to UCSD. Non·.moklng lam.la· 
822·1431 . (5/11·51111) 

BACK ON THE MARKET: Condo ... UCSO. 
3bd + loft. W ....... -dryar, ~ d .; 1 .,.. 
...... ; '1200 + daanIng. 222·183t . ...... fl. (51 
12-511. 

UTC - 2 bedroom. Own room at 1330.00 
and 1350.00, large yard. pate OK. mi. or 
Iem .... laundry. dllllw.har. perfaot for 2 
frIeM.1 Avail. June. Call Andl or Janny 
112-111111. (5/12·5/11) 
I'tIrnIsIIM S-SuIIIII. 2 ........ (1342). 
1 douIIIa(l257). wulll*y.dIahwIIIr. 2poo11. 
piing. no amoIdng. _ UTC. 467-lIII20. (51 
12-5118) 

AREER 

MFO 
t • 

v.II\\1IIIII ....... Ysu.,.. ...... _ 111m...... 1 e , I , ..... 
.......... , .. > ...... ..: 
......AsIl .. f5 •• _ ...... CalCDInd: 
..... CMMIt 
PA88PORTP'ICruIII!8Iaor, ... WIlla .... 
.... -----. ....... ...... ___ (1~ 

Won? Pree III. AcIodarnIc ___ • 
........ --. baab,....... ., ' I .. 
C ... ldiill_~ ........ MaIy /Wi 
...... PI2Nf4) 
One·day _d ..-..... and/Of edItInO. 
Over n ~.,. ,.,..rtanca. ProfHaIonaI 
writ., wI1tI 0_ 350 Cfedltl. Alto ollar 
Moring, critiquing. atIIIcaI ~ wI1tI 
_I wlltl", projectl. In CarlOad. M8-
1841. (4/25·.,2) 

0fta..cIa¥ wood ~ andIar .... 0-
n yaiiII'I """,110101 . ........... WIIIsr ... 
_ 350 oradk AIio ohr 1UtDiIng, crIIquIng. 
................ - ..... projacII.1II 
Caotabad. "'1141. (4121-412) 

WOROPAOCESSING: 0II .. 1IIIoi .. TIIaaaI; 
CASSETTe TRANSCRIPTION: QUALITY .... 
....... FAX MoiIam, ,..e ..... IIIaa; 461· 
0130. BallI. (1(12-1/21 

FrancII ........ andUllotngIly ........ .".....n 
Cal4I2-CIIIO and aile b Yan. (5112-5/23) 

RESUMES 1IIat world Info pacbd guIda . 
OUARANTEEDI.c.......Inc. PO 1I0oI 24112 
8awai1y'" CA 110213. (5I12-6't8) 

LEARH TO FLVft 8pedaI UCSOillldant ...... 
Intra II 1.l1li.$315"'''''''''''''' ID. Cal teo-
Il0l4. 111/12-6'21 

\\ \\TED 
EARN CASH OR MOVIE TICKETS FOR 
RESEARCH PARTICIPATION I Enllll.h· 
ipIIiIdng collage men naadad fur PhD aIudy In 
peychoIogy. s-ton. take 45 mInutaa. Help 
melWah'--.:ftouIICalCarrIa.-*'I!I. 
!I27.one. (512-6'21 
lAM '100.00. Sutijada __ lor. aludyon 
1IcoIiaI'1"""*.lfyou_a,-",-.a.-. 
or ~. AInirIcan-bom mala. CIIII 80rtppa 

~ InItIuta ... _ 1nfurnIIIIon. 554-
7240. (4114-t12) 

AIda -.tad by cIINbIId ~ woman. 
MIW/FIkooon; .... 7-3. Own car. J7.5Ootv. Pal 
211&-174!i. (4I2WI12) 

HaaIIIy AduIta, 'II" 30-55 . ....... fur • 2-3 
howeyabllnk iIudy II UCSOMC ~. t5I 
hr. Cal 543-2314. (5I2·!(31) 

W.nt,d: Projact ... I.t.nt . S.n Olago 
Car .. , .n InnoYllIy, non prom volunteer 
corp •. Wa crall. Ind laad community· 
•• rvlca projacts. Unpaid po.llion but graIl 
a • .,.rlanci. Raqulred: org.nizitlonll Ind 
laad,,.hlp Ikill • . cln 452·CARE. (5 /9 -51 
12) 

NEEDEDI H .. lthy ',mal .. with regul.r 
maroetruaI cycIaI. not on Be pili, fur. 2·3 hour 
ayabIInk iIudy • UCSDMC (HiIIctett). SMtr. 
Cal 543-2314. (5112'5128) 

LIla, I mat you and your friand Barbara In 
RoeIIIIIto _ break. Had a !IfNI lima end I 
am ....,., IIIiIIiad you aI 0rIaya' • . I want to 
",111_. TIdMurplly · 714·721· 1181 . 
(417-8(2) 

B· You ..,. "'II jogging tilrolllh my mind 
today ... I U-ought I'd 1M. 1111 opportunity 
to tall you tIIat you _an eo IllUCh to '"' 
(and tIIat you.,. • vary good MI) lova. 
Motak. (5/12) 

10% 
OFF 

CLASSInEDS 15 

~SPECIALSI 
. .....I.D. 

PuN AHEAD 
RESERVE 

NOWI 



16 SPORTS 

R.IIa ............. : 
- Send your entry on an 8112" by 

11" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year In school, college you It· 
tend at UCSD, maJor and phone num· 
ber to: Sports EdHor, UCSD Gwrrliln, 
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 
92093-0316. Or you can drop H off In 
the letters Box In the front oftha Guard· 
ian office, located on the second floor 
of the Old Student Center. 

- The entry wHh the most correct 
answers. as determined by judges, will 
be declared the grand·prlze winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz an· 
swers are printed the following watk. 
In the event of a tie. a drawing will be 
held to determine a winner. A maxi· 
mum of 15 correct entries not selected 
as the grand·prize winner will be con· 
sidered runners·up. 

- The grand·prize winner will reo 
eeive a free dinner for two at 8J's 
Chicago Piueria. Runners·up will reo 
eeive a free pitcher of Amstel light 
Beer or soda at BJ's, located in la Jolla 
Village Square. A list of all winners will 
be posted at 8J 's each week and win· 
ners need to show identification to claim 
prizes. 

- UCSD students. staff and faculty 
are eligible to enter, except for Guard· 
ian staff members and employees of 
BJ's Chicago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 

BUY ONE 
COFFEE, GET 

2nd HALF PRICE 
&p . ...., 

All 
HAlRCUl'S 

: Men's 41bmen's Reg. SI5 
I includes shampoo, 
I cut & blow dry 

Walk·,,,,, welcome! 

: CREATIVE Curs 
I HMR&NM~ I 
I I .~ I Cradft styIIs at ....... prtca I 
I 6780 Miramar Rd. 1108 I 
: Behind Ca\l'sjr. • M·F 10-7. Sal. 9-4 : 

t5.lQ:Q59..QJ 

mass· produced entries will be IC· 
cepted. Entries must be at the Guardian 
office by noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within 
two weeks of winner's posting, after 
which the prize Is forfeite~. 

ThIs Week'. Questions: 
I. What golfer, DOted for his monu· 
mentally long drives, recently won 
the 1994 Bell South Classic? 
2. What player has chalked up the 
most career saves in major league 
baseball history? 
3. Which hockey team recently de· 
feated the Washington Capitals 10 
close out the best-of·seven playoff 
series at four games to one? 
4. What major league baseball player 
has played the most career games al 
first base? 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

S. Which city houses lhe only top-
seeded team in NBA history to lose 
to a number eight·seeded team in 
the playoffs? 
6. What horse was the favorite go-
ing into the 1994 Kentucky Derby? 
7. What baseball player recently 
broke his arm while pitching 
against the San Diego Padres? 
8. What current skipper owns the 
America's Cup? . 
9. What country won the 19880Iym-
pic women's basketball gold medal? 
10. Which Division II program will 
former UCSD men's basketball 
Head Coach Tom Marshall lead next 
year? 

LIst Week'. Answen: 
• l. Who is the only Canadian on 
major league baseball's Montreal 
Expos roster? Lany Walker 

.1. What Division I CXJI .... lIMe-
bUt JII'OIIIID bouIa the winninpat 
ave manapr of aU lime? 

ulllftnllJ ofTeDI 
.3. WhIt female tennillw recently 
eoded Steffi Graf'. ~matcb win-
ning streak? 

Aruba SadIa-VIcarIo. 
.... WhIt Indy car·racing pelt re-
cently lost his life • the aecond fatal· 
ity in this yeu's San Marino Grand 
Prix in Italy? Ayrtoa SeIIu 
• !. WhIt television network will 
carry AFC regular-seaon contests in 
19947 NBC 
." What two San Diego Plldreswere 
recently arrested for soliciting a pros-
titute on a New York road trip? 

Derek Bel and Scott Sanden 
• 7. What is the host country for the 
year 2CXXI summer Olympic games? 

Australia 
• 8. What California hockey team 
stunned the na~y recently mov· 
ing on to the second round of the 
Stanley Cup playoffs? 

San Jose Sharks 

n ........ '. May 12. 1994 

• t. WhIt former AdanIa Brave 
pitcher cauabt Hut Aaron'. biIIDric 
71Sth home run while siUiDa in the 

'outfielddugoul? T_ II.-
• II. What is the cunent aaIioaal 
Division m rankiDg of the UCSD 
men's buebIll tam? SICOIId 

TIds Week'. Wluen: 

.CrudPrbe 
Ashley Ozawa, So., Engineering 

• Jbuulen.tap John Cross, Sr., Biology 
Carlos Escobedo, Sr., Earth Sci. 

~obert Ho, Jr., CSE 
Mike Komori, Sr., Visual Arts 
Kimberly Mahoney, Sr., Socio. 
Greg Mate, Jr., Mech. Engin. 
Jeff Paulson, Sr., Economics 
Malt Ringer, Sr., Engineering 
Ian Simonian, Sr., Theatre 
Victor Song, Sr., Music 
Isaac Sun, Sr., History 
Vernon Yarnell, Sr., Poll. Sci. 
Chris York, Sr., Economics 
Greg Zolotar, Sr., Sociology 

Realize your life· long dream of becoming the 
Guardian Spores !cUtor or AssocIate Spores Idkor 
Submit your resume, cover letter and clips to 
Brtan It. Huuo at the Guardum office or call 534-6581 

AND YOUR WAEELS ARE SOMETHING SPECIAL, TOO. 
1haO. Ford or .... cury JIIII .... You ••• 

and Your Ford or Uncoln Mercury Dealer Has a Graduation Present 
to Help Make It Your Own ••• 

• $400 cash Back or a Special A.P.R: 
Personally speaking, what you drive says a lot about 

who you are. So why not 'Df you're one of the most exciting, 
fun·loving, even ...... bl. people going? In other 
words, why not'Df it with a sporty new Ford or Mercury? 

Now's the perfect time to make a personal 
statement-because the 1994 Ford & Wtercury College 
Graduate Purchase Program** gives you your choice of 
MOO cash back or a special Annual P.twiil .... 
...... when you buy a new Ford or Wtercury. Or lease 
your "Vehicle and get $400 cas~ back! 

Plus, Ford Credit can offer qualified applicants pre-
approved credit up to S18,000 or the MSRp, whichever is 
lower. which could mean no down payment on finance 
purchases. You may alsa defer purchase payments for 
120 days in most states (exduding Michigan, New .Jersey, 
A:mnsyivania, and Washington, DC). 

So toke time out to see your Ford or Lincoln-Mercury 
dealer today and ask about the College Graduate 
Purchase Program. It's a terrific way to show the world 
iust how smart you really are! 

*Special Annual ~cenloge Role altemolive and Ford Cred~ program> no! a-oiloble on leases, 
"To be, eligible, you mUSI graduate with a bochelor~ 0' grocluo .. deg_. or be enrolled in graduate Khool, ~ 1/1/94 ond 9/'YJ/~ , This program is ill 

oddrtoon, to oH other noIoonol (uslo""" ,ncentNes; except for 0Iher fo,d privote ohn. including the Young Buyer PIogram. You musl purchase or lease you, 
new """ide be'- 111194 ond 9/'YJ/95, Some customer end """ide restridions apply, >0 _ you, deale, for details, 

TIuanclay.llay 12. 1994 

UMM 
FRENCH 
GERMAN 
ITALIAN 
SPANISH 

15 UNITS II 6 weeks 
(J ... 27-1 ... 5, 1 "41 

Linq/French SA (equiv. to lA/lAX): 
Linq/French 5B (equiv. to lB/lBX): 
Linq/French 5C (equiv. to lC/lCX): 
LinqlGerun SA (equiv. to lA/lAX): 
LinqlGeraan 5B (equiv. to lB/lBX): 
LinqlGeraan SC (equiv. to lC/lCX): 
Linq/ltalian SA (equiv. to lA/lAX): 
Linq/ltalian 5B (equiv. to lB/lBX): 
Linq/ltalian 5C (equiv. to lC/lCX): 
LinqlSpani8h SA (equiv. to lA/lAX): 
Ling/Spani8h 5B (equiv. to lB/1BX): 
LinqlSpani8h 5C (equiv. to le/leX): 
LinqlSpani8h 5B (equiv. to lB/lBX): 
LinqlSpani8b 5C (equiv. to lC/leX): 
LinqlSpani8h SO (equiv. to 10/10X): 

June 27-July 8 
July ll-July 22 
July 25-Auq. 5 
June 27-July 8 
July ll-July 22 
July 2S-Auq. 5 
June 27-July 8 
July ll-July 22 
July 2S-Auq. 5 
June 27-July e 
July ll-July 22 
July 2S-Auq. 5 
June 27-July 8 
July ll-July 22 
July 2S-Auq. 5 

s \P d y 
¥letnamese 

c- TItle s..tIon DIIr n- ..... , .... 
IRIA 3A FIrIt,"ar/CorMnatIon 203598 MWF 2·2:50 pm RBC 1428 
IRlA 3A FIrst-"ar/CorMrsItion 208533 MWF ~3:50pm Rae 1428 
IRIA 3A FiIIt· .. ar /CorMnatIon 208534 MWF ..... :5Opm T8A 
IRIA.JAX ArIt·'Mar,/COlMlUtlon 203599 Tu-Th 2·3:20 pm T8A 

Instructor: D. LeHoDg Phan 
1f)'Oll I\a'e anyquestlons. pIeate contact SherI Brusch 534-7496 

IRIPS LquICe fIroCnm 

E.cJrn up to 15 units this summer! 
at SDSU's 

Summer 
Sessions 
May 31- August 19, 1994 
• Sessions be&in mrouput me summer 
• More man 750 courses from aver 50 departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no partdnc conpstion 

Register by mail now, or in penon 
beginning May 2, at the Col", of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 "":30 pm 
Monday-Friday 

Call SDSU 
Summer Sessions 

594-5152 
for info; illAtion or to 
have :& free catalot 

mailed to youl 

The UCSD Guardian 

•••••••••• 

: FREE: 
• FROSTED • 
: MOCHA : 
• When you buy one • 
• at regular price. • 
• EorpintioII o..JuIy 30. • 
•• :::.I":'~ •• 
* HOlM of tht World's Fi"tsl 

COffttS. 
* ~ ROIlSt OIir CoJfit 0" Si't 

with tht Frtshtst CoJItt 
AfNlilaIJlt. 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genaee (aar Boobtu) 
457-JAVA (5282) 

M· Th 6un·llpm, F 6un-12 mid, 
Sat 7:3Oun-12 mid, Sun Sam-llpm 

CAMERA SHO~ INC.. 
Discount 

Pricing on 
:"~'~E 

::_ON: 
ofOAlKltc!)OM 

suMISs 
& EQUIPMENT 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSD 
Purchase Orders 

Accepted 
7720 Fay Ava. 
459-7355 

INDOOR ROCK CUMBING 
rl"s NOT JUST ANOTHER GYM 

-IT'S AN 
DVENTUREI 

SOUTHERN 

LARGEST 
ROCK 

CLIMBING 
GYM. 

I 
I 
I 
: .... IIJII~~~ 
I 
I iUi' accessories 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 

sunr'asses 

hats 

sandals 

towe Is 

17 

:O_fi@~ ... 
: ~O'~a..-~~I 
: V, \ UE1CbwE1R I 
I 109 S.Acacia • Solana Beach ~ : 
I (lomas SanG Fe and Hwy. 10 I. just WISt d Dairy Queen) 

~~.!'~!!!'Lwf! !'!.G~ _ "!:" '!,!7_~! 

summer 
sesslon94 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

481-1218 

Choose from two five-week sessions: 
June 27-July 29 or 
August 1-September 2 

An exciting range of courses from virtually fN~ 
campus department will be offered this summer. 
Catalogs are available now. For your free copy, 
drop by the Summer Session Office, UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, Monday through 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., or phQhe "534-4364. 

'.~ :~ 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Ea.tgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

."UD •• ' Sp.elA&S 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (~rst four months) 

• PlUS 50% OFF ~rst 
month's rent 

• All sizes available 

• Bank cards accepted 

• Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 

• OPEN 7 am to 7 pm, 
7 days a week 

• Close-io UCSD 

• Reserve early & avoid 
lAST DAY RUSHI 

-

.' 

-

.... 

-



. ~. 

18 SPORTS 

GREGG 

nnn 
Hockey 88 
Ichthyology 

OK, it's time to just come 
out and say it: tbere's a new 
America's Team. It's dressed 
in teal and gray, wears skates 
and enter tbe arena through a 
giant fish head. Yes, the San 
Jose Sharks have captured this 
country's heart and tbere's no 
stopping the South Bay 
Express to the Stanley Cup 
Finals. 

Of course, now that I've 
written this, the Sharks will 
drop two in a row to the Maple 
Leafs and be eliminated. But 
that doesn't matter, because 
this is a team that, at the 
beginning of the season, 
figured the closest it would get 
to drinking champagne out of 
the Stanley Cup would be 
sipping banana daiquiris out of 
coconut cups while watching 
the playoffs on the big-screen 
at the Maui Hilton. 

But no, after an 0-8-1 start 
the feisty Sharks have 
dethroned the highest-scoring 
team in the league, the Red 
Wings, in the first round, and 
have taken a 3-2 lead in the 
series against Toronto. 

This is a team that had the 
fewest wins in the NHL last 
season and was tied with 
Ottawa for fewest points 
overall. If tbe NHL was a 
cbarity bacbelor auction, the 
Sharks would have been tbe 
guy in the lime-green leisure 
suit and white shoes wbo sold 
for a nickel to Old Aunt 
Miqnie. 

This year? This year 
tbey're like a tuxedo-clad 
George Hamilton, steaHng 
everyone's heart with suave, 
sophisticated savoir-faire. 
Actually, savoir-faire and 
hockey have never before been 
used in the same sentence, but 
you get the point. 

San Jose is the underdog 
and America loves an under-
dog. Especially an underdog 
that skates onto the ice for pre-
game introductions out of a 
gigantic shark head. In the 
words of the Bud Light guy, 
"This is so cool." 

Let's see Toronto do that. I 
don't think skating through the 
center of a big leaf would be 
quite as intimidating. And 
Lord belp us if it's San Jose 
against Vancouver in the 
Western Conference Finals. 
What's Vancouver going to 
skate out of, a giant Canuck? 

See TEAL, Page 13 

The UCSD Gurdiaa TlaU'ldayt ... ,. lIt 19M 

UCSD .. countln, on jennifer '.yne'. trHItIoMl ~r otrenaIYe .....".... to ....... It to .nother USA NIItJonId title. 

Tritons Eye Another National Title 
NAnoNALl: UCSD women's water polo aims for its third national title in four years at Univ. of Michigan 
By BrIIIII K. Hutto when they win match up against Micbipn State, USA Collegiate Cup Se.ds 
Sports Editor Univeraity of Michigan and UC Davia. The top In pool play, .ach squad plays the teems In Its 

Head Coacb Denny Harper and bis Triton two teams from that pool plus those '!rom the pool, -.d the top two from .ach pool move on 
women's water polo teams have had to put up second pool (iocludina SDSU, Cal, Maryland ~s:w~,~ :: :,.~:ere the teams, 
with tbe USA water polo organization's consis- and Slippery Rock) will advance to Saturday's 

tent anti-UCSD biu for as final-four round. The winDers will play for the Rank Team Pool 
long as they can remember. national title on Sunday. 1III--Sllppery Rock, AK A 
Yet that bas never stopped "I don't mind going in as the underdog," a.. ......... _._ UC Sen Dlego •.........•.... _ ..• __ .............. B 
them from kicking tbe tar Harper said. "I don't care about the seedings. I 
out of tbeir unworthy foes at don't care about the order of the games. It's only .... -.......... -- UC Devls •. _ .•. _ ..•..•. _ ........ _. __ •. _ ......• B 
the national title-determin- winning time now - win pretty, win ugly, it ............ -........ San 01810 State ..................... _ .•........... A 
ing USA Collegiate Cup doesn't matter as long as we go 5-0." .... .. _ ........ uc Berk.ley ............ __ ......•..... _ ... _._. A 
three of tbe last four years. TheTritons'biggestfoesgoingintotbisweek- .... __ Mlchlgan B 

One would think the se- end may be themselves. The majority of the 
lection committee would squad is battling a vicious flu virus wbich has 7tII _ .. __ ..... Michigan State ................... __ ...•.. _ B 
learn its lesson by now. tom througb Harper's mighty ranks. .... __ Maryland A 
Guess again. "We have been hacking up a storm lately," 

In the latest Triton slight, senior Allison "Blender" Dunn said. "But it 
tbe USA committee selected sbouldn't matter when it comes down to it. I want 

Slippery Rock, AR as the 1994 top-seed for tbe to finisb my UCSD career with a nice round 
National Championsbip, wbich will be beld at number of titles - three." 
the University of Michigan May 13-15, despite Sbould tbe Tritons manage to overcome 
the Tritons' impressive 23-2 record against tbe motber nature, tbe rest of tbe nation ~ay find 
nation's toughest California opponents. itself completely out of its league. 

"We know that UCSD will never get a lot of UCSD bas dominated every major event un-
awards and recognition for its efforts," Harper der tbe sun this season, winning championship 
said. "But that's not what we're about. We're titles at tbe USA Senior Indoor Nationals, 
going.[to Micbigan] to win a national champion- Pomona-Pitzer Tournament, UCSBToumament, 
ship - anything else is icing on tbe cake." Western Qualification Tournament and its first-

"Cbeckouttheseedings.There'snobodyback ever Cal Open title. 
east. The team that took second to Slippery Rock The Tritons have OUtlCored their collegiate 
at Easterns was Maryland and they are ranked opposition 304-89 this year and at one point 
eightb [in the tournament]," be added. "That's bouted a 2O-pme winnina~. 
not saying too much about the competition." Goalkeeper Leona MIIOIl ancborI an iocred-

The Tritons will begin pool play on Friday, ibly~tinIYSanDiegodefe .. tbathusmotbered 

Aen6 IInIckner / GuMIIIn 
even the most formidable of offenses. 

"The defense is the backbone of this team," 
Harper said. "If we play defense the way we are 
capable of, there's nobody in the nation wbo can 
keep up with us. But we have to put it together 
offensively. " 

That task falls to two-meter All-American 
Julie Swail, UCSD's leading scorer this season. 
"[Swail] bas domiaatecl the best players in Cali-
fornia. Nobody compares to ber this year, n0-
body," Harper said. 

Harper will also rely on Alliaon Westphal, 
Dunn, Shawna Caballero, Jennifer PlYDe and 
Randy Rost to continue their recent p1-scoring 
.... ~t. • 

·We have yet to have a perfect pme both 
offensively and defensively. When we are at our 
belt, nobody can touch us," Harper .. id. 

THE WEEK AHEAD JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 

w ... ·., ..... 
Tue.·Mon., May 1~16, at NCAA Division III Natlon.1 

Championships 

TnIIIl ......... 
Fri.-Sat., May 13-14, at California CoIle8llte Athletic 

Association Championlhlpa, 11 I.m. 

w __ ·.w ........ 
Fri.-SUn., May 13-15, at USA Collellete Championlhlps 

"Stati.tics alway. ..unci me 01 the feUn who dnnmed in 
a riYer whole ayerap depth W8I only three feet." 

-Woody Hay. 
F 0f'fIW 0Iai0 SIGN fooIWl eoaeIa 


