
ELSEWHERE 

cstI Mol tluIdC-
.,........,Quk. 
NORllUUDGE - Heavy 
damage from Monday's 6.6 
earthquake was reported at 
California State University at 
Northridge, where a police 
building and a parking 
structure were both destroyed. 
The roof of the university's 
library caved, in and fires 
et:Upted in chemical-laden 
science buildings. Fire officials 
managed to contain the blazes, 
which were spread by 30 to 40 
explosions that blew out lab 
windows, before the flames 
reached storage sites for 
hazardous and low-level 
radioactive materials. Damage 
estimates were not yet avail-
able from the university. 
Northridge students are on 
break until Jan. 31. 

UCS ..... 11t Molecule 
Could FI .... AIDS 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
team of University of 
California scientists have 
created a molecule that 
prevents the HIV virus from 
reproducing, and in doing so 
has created hope that cultiva-
tion of the discovery will lead 
to a cure for AIDS. However, 
an actual treatment using this 
molecule is years away. The 
new molecule blocks the 
cavity in the HIV protease 
enzyme in which the HIV 
virus reproduces. When 
denied entry into the cavity, 
the AIDS virus cannot 
IIlultiply, ,ccording to UCSf , 
pharmacologist Simon 
Freidman and UCSB chemist 
Fred Wudl. 

Citadel Opens Doors 
To FIrst wan... 
WASHINGTON - Supreme 
Court Justice William 
Rehnquist reversed his position 
this week and allowed the fll'St 
woman to enroll in day classes 
at the Citadel, a 151-year-old 
state military academy in 
Charleston, Sc. Until now, the 
school has enforced an all-male 
admittance policy. 

INSIDE 

TwISTED 
HIATUS: The festival 
of animation returns to 
San Diego H1 

.POIITS: SCC 
Vanguards top Triton 
women's basketball • 

INDEX 

UCSD BIIEFS ~ ........................... 2 
CALVIN I HOBBIS .................... 2 
OPINION ... Y ............................. .. 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
SPORTS ................................... 9 
CUSSIFIEDS ........................... 10 

, H I u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 20,1994 VOLUME 81, ISSUE 6 

Engineers Study Shaken Freeways 
DISASTER: In L.A. 
quake aftermath, UCSD 
scientists examine 
reliability of road safety 
assessment techniques 
ByDenK,..... 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD structural scientists 
spent Tuesday surveying the con-
dition of freeway bridges in the 
wake of the devastating Los An-
geles earthquake. 

According to AMES Professor 
and structural engineer Nigel 
Priestly, who was part of the UCSD 

team, the scientists will furnish a 
detailed report of their findings to 
CalTrans. 

Priestly said that a primary 
goal ofthe expedition was to test 
the techniques developed to as-
sess bridge stability. The after-
math of the Los Angeles temblor 
is a way to check the scientists' 
hypotheses, he added, so that 
future tragedies can be avoided. 

"It's like a full-scale laboratory 
field experiment," Priestly said. 
"Real life is always a bit different 
than the laboratory." 

Priestly said the researchers 
See QUAKE, Page 3 

DRUM ROLL 
DrIll ...... outIIde of tile M .... Gym entertIIlMd ......,. by on 
• ......., 1IfterMon •. V ..... IIIUIIuI ...... an fNquently by 
--.. out by tile ...... on ......... kendI. 

To Avoid that 
Buckling ••• 
In an effort to reinforce 
freeways against earthquakes, 
UCSD engineers studied the 
collapse of freeway supports 
such as this one. 

Detained Student Calls 
For Police Review Board 
ENCOUNTER: After a 
graduate was held for 20 
minutes on suspicion, 
A.S. questions alleged 
police intimidation r 
By Ertk JohnHn 
Staff Writer 

A graduate student who was 
detained by campus police in an 
incident last month said that his 
encounter with the police demon-
strates the need for a police review 
board at UCSD. 

In response, the UCSD Police 
Department said the student was 
treated fairly and added that a re-
view board would hinder law en-
forcement on campus. 

On Dec. 23 at approximately 9 
p.m., graduate student Matthew 
Belmonte was sitting on the curb 
outside the Warren Graduate Stu-
dent Apartments when he was ap-
proached by a police officer. 
Belmonte gave the officer his stu-
dent identification card as re-
quested, and when the officer failed 
to confirm his identity, he was 
instructed to sit down and to keep 
his hands in view. Belmonte re-
fused to comply with the officer's 
request, and he was not forced to 

doso. 
An additional police officer and 

a residential security officer were 
also called to the scene. 

When Belmonte asked the of-
ficer if he was being detained, the 
officer replied that because 
Belmonte was on university prop-
erty, he would be arrested if his 
identity could not be established. 

After approximately 20 min-
utes of questioning, Belmonte was 
released to a waiting friend . 

UCSD Police Sergeant Tom 
Morris said the officer was suspi-
cious of Belmonte because winter 
break is a period of frequent crime 
around campus residences and 
because Belmonte was not wear-
ing shoes. Morris added that the 
officer was also suspicious because 
of Belmonte's "defensive atti-
tude." 

Since the incident occurred, 
Belmonte has written several let-
ters of complaint to Sergeant 
Morris. Morris responded with an 
explanation and an apology. 

Belmonte plans to appeal his 
complaint to campus administra-
tors. 

Both the Associated Students 
and the Graduate Student Asso-

See POUCE, Page 7 

Eight Student Organizations May Lose Funding 
By EIIIIne c..... 
Aaocl«e I\Iewa Ednor 

Student Organization Funding 
Eligibility Board (SOFEB) Chair 
Andrew Cluk announced at last 
night's AIaociated Students meet-
in, that eiaht of the 72 student 
organizations which came before 
the board this week may no longer 
be eligible for A.S. funding. 

SOFEB has been reviewin,aU 
A.S.-funded orpnizations in the 
wake of last yar's Smith v. Re-
,ents court cae. In the cae, the 
State Supreme Court ruled that 
student fees - such • thole dis-

tributed by the A.S. - cannot be 
used to fund political, religious or 
ideological groups. 

The recalled organizations, 
~hich will go before SOFEB for a 
final hearing before the fifth week 
of cluses, are the Union of Jewish 
Students, the Objectivism' Study 
Group, the Muslim Student Asso-
ciation, the Baha' i Cub, the Catho-
lic Student Community, the Ko-
rean-American Campus Miuioq, 
the Committee for World Democ-
racy and Amnesty International. 

Clark reuaured students that 
theM orpnizations will still be 

eligible for funding if they pass 
certain standards during the sec-
ond hearing. 

"[SOFEB's] only task is to de-
termine the organizations' eli,:-
bility," Clark said. "There is a 
chance that some of these [organi-
zations] will still be funded, and 
that's what due process i. all 
about" 

Final hearings will be sched-
uled for next week, when the boud 
will again review the eipt organi-
zations acc::ordin, to criteria out-
lined in the board's charter. The 

See PUNDI, Pac. 3 
GuMIIII All "...., 

.... CUInI.., AI ... CIIItc 



2 NEWS The UCSD Cuardian Thunday, January 20,1994 

Regents Will Vote on 
Long· Term Fee Policy 

ETCETERA. • • 
MEmNG: Venue switched to San Francisco in the 
aftermath of Monday's earthquake in Los Angeles 

CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

By Philip MIc ...... 
News Editor 

The University of California 
Board of Regents will discuss the 
university'S long-term fee policy 
in addition to approving fee in-
creases for the 1994-95 academic 
year at its monthly business meet-
ing in San Francisco today and 
tomorrow. 

The meeting, 
which was to take 
place at UCLA to-
day, was moved to 
uc San Francisco 
following 
Monday's 6.6 
earthquake that 
shook the Los An-
geles area. 

mined by the individual chancel-
lors. 

In addition, the regents wi Il dis-
cuss the newly proposed Dupli-
cate Fee, which would charge a 
differential fee to students who 
are returning for an additional four-
year degree. 

The regents are expected to ap-
prove QC Presi-
dent Jack 
Peltason's pro-
posed $620 fee in-
crease for under-
graduates and a 
$2,000 increase for 
first-year profes-
sional school stu-
dents. 

"The rI ..... cost 
of student 
hou ..... I ... 
much 8 threat to 
acce .... I. 
Incr ...... ' .... " 

"We wish not to 
impose additional 
logistical demands 
on the [UCLA] 
campus staff who 
must be prepared to 
address the safety 
of the campus com-
munity," said 
Board of Regents 
Secretary Leigh 
Trivette. 

The fee in-
creases were sug-
gested when Gov. 
Pete Wilson pro-
posed a 3.2 percent 
increase in state 
funding to the UC 
system, far short of 
the 8.8 percent in-
crease the univer-
sity needed to 
meet its budget. 

-0..., Montsroe, The regents will 
Student Regent also review a pro-Trivette added 

that initial reports 
indicated that there were no re- BRIEFLY ••• 

_0 0 0 '0 
- ·0 0 
-.0 ~O? ~ . ~ -o·~ . ' . ., ,. 

. 0 ... •• I 
- 0 :l~~ - 0 ~ aj ~~-.~: 

~- - C\ ~ 
• --0-. • 

CIRC\lMSlf,N'\"\P>.\.. 
t~IOHICE . 1~"'t'S 
flU. iOO·~E. Gj,.' 

' I 

. . -~~ 'sit' - . - -" . . 
- - ' . ~ -.. : - ---

!NT GIRl'; ~r GET ~t-\'{ 
WlS ~HEl'i ~t.'{ GROW \J~ . 
'!lOME'" .Jij5T 8\J~ C\.OMS 

~o ~. ~ ~II-\G . 
~~D . 

~ ~\ 

r ~ss GIR.s ACTU~lL~ 
MAWRE,..5 n{.'{ (,E\" OLDER . 

r CJ>Nr WI-II 
OOIL n~ OlD 

E~~ TO 
- l'\)mR~I\O" 

I I, ~ 

i 

ported injuries or significant struc-
tural damage at UCLA, though 
classes were canceled on Tues-
day. 

posal from the Of-
fice of the President to amend the 
way in which housing fees are 
assessed. 

Currently, housing fees are ap-
proved by the Board of Regents. 
Under the new proposal, the Of· 
fice of the President would deter-
mine the housing fee. 

Aquarium To Offer Quake Relief 
The switch in venue also af-

fected plans of student leaders to 
lobby the regents at the two-day 
meeting. "It's definitely kind of a 
setback for us because we had a 
rather large group of people ready 
to go up to Los Angeles," said 
A.S. Vice President External Nick 
Endres. 

Endres said that the A.S. was 
still encouraging students to call 
the regents and added that his of-
fice was drafting a letter to the 
regents, expressing the A.S. oppo-
sition to the proposed UC long-
term fee policy. 

The policy, known as the 
Guidelines Model, was proposed 
by the UC Office of the President 
and could mean fee increases over 
the next several years in excess of 
$600 annually, according to Stu-

... dent Regent Darby Morrisroe. 
Under the Guidelines Model, 

the university would assess a uni-
formly charged educational fee, 
which would be determined by the 
amount of money the university 
needs after the state budget alloca-
tion to the UC system. 

The long-term fee policy would 
also create a separate registration 
fee for each campus to be deter-

The proposal, which is inrended 
to reduce regent responsibilities, 
has garnered criticism from some 
students who feel that rising hous-
ing fees could prohibit low- and 
middle-income students from at-
tending the University of Califor-
nia. 

"While the streamlining of re-
gent responsibilities is necessary, 
this matter is too crucial to not 
require board approval. The rising 
cost of student housing is as much 
a threat to access as is increased 
fees," Morrisroe said. 

Besides deliberations about fee 
policies, the regents will also hear 
a proposal from Regent Ward 
Connerly called the Student Em-
ployment Initiative . 

Under the proposal, California 
businesses and industries would 
participate in a program that of-
fers high-wage jobs to UC gradu-
ates. 

"[The regents] have the re-
sources and connections to help 
students find better jobs to help 
pay for theircoUege education( s ]," 
Connerly said. 

.. taII .................. ~ ...... _ ... ., ........... 
_UClD. ........ _ ......... "' .......... "' ..... "'IIIII.IIIIIIIM,......,. 
................ __ .. taII ...................... _1II 
...-.._ .. _ .......... "' ......... -.--. 
....... ..-..... _l1li tall .............. _ CIIII*. ... 

The Stephen Birch Aquariun».iuseum atthe Scripps 
institution of Oceanography (510) Is serving as 8 
financial collection center to help families who have 
lost homes and property In Monday's earthquake In 
Northridge. 

Through Friday, Jan. 21, each aquarium visitor who 
brings a minimum $5.00 donation for the American 
Red Cross to the Stephen Birch Aquariun».iuseum will 
receive free admission. Donations must be made by 
check only. payable to the American Red Cross Disas-
ter Relief fund. 

The Stephen Birch Aquarlun».iuseum will give 100 
percent of all donated funds to the American Red 
Cross. 

Monetary donations to "disaster relief" enable the 
Red Cross to provide disaster victims with lodging. the 
means to buy clothing and groceries, and replacement 
of medical and occupational supplies. 

The aquarium's directors decided to help with 
earthquake relief In part out of appreciation to SOuth-
em Callfomlans for their assistance In the construc-
tion of the aquarium. According to 510, the people of 
Southem Callfomla contributed more than $10 million 
to help build the aquarium, which opened In 1992. 

Milt .. of ...... ,.rann at 
MandeYlIe AudItoIIum Next YJ. .... , 

Some of the best modem performers of the banjo 
- Masters of the Banjo - will appear at 8 p.m. on 
Thursday, Jan. 27. In the Mandeville Auditorium. 

TIckets are $16 for general edmlsslon, $14 for 
seniors and $12 for students. Tickets may be pur· 
chased from the Price Center Box Office or from 
TlcketMaster outlets. 

The Masters of the Banjo tour follows on the heels 
of the Masters of the Folk ViOlin and Masters of the 
Steel StrI~ Guitar tours and brings together some' of 
the country's most fluent performers. 

RINt IRUCKNIR, Gtaphlcs Editor 
MI8UIL 1UCICIN..va, Des"" Editor 
IUINI~, ANoc#.re News EdItor 

DAVID ClIO, Photo Editor 
lIlIAN It HUTTO, Spotts Editor 
...." ...... , News Editor 

MClllIaUII, AslOCl«e SpotD EtIItoI' 
." ....... HIMus EdItor 
.IOIItA,~ ~,.". Editor 

'AIIIW zaumIRIV, Auoc:IMe Photo EdtIot 
......... lIIItaII .......... _.,~ __ ...... 1III 
.......... , ......... .., ..... 

DIe ICI •• ', EdItor In CtNI 
.... --. PnIducUon ",.".,., 

_..,,.,~ .......... ~a... ~o.vn..'" 
I'NundU ....... a.,. -.-. Den~. MIl ........ o.wtd an.. c..UdeII. .... ",., II1II---. __ .... D*II1rOMIIIft, ClIne FNecIII. 

DOUI MIX"" OpinIon EcIfor 
MUll ....... Cow EtIIttIr 

JolIn GocIINr. Den ....... DeIIIeI HInt. ............. ..-.-. (III 
.-..-. Den ICrIft. 0IIIIeIII ........... MInI MDonIIJ • .IInnIfer ..... Jell I'rIufIl. a, ....... IIIIu ---. ......... 1InwI. Den .....,. ~ 
TlIIeeeII, "-w-. 

They are: Carroll Best. three-finger "fiddle" style, 
fl¥e.strlng Instrument; J.D. Crowe. flve-string blue-
grass banjo; Selesche Damessae - the krar. a slx-
stringed African Instrument; Tony Ellis, I~endary five-
string barto; Seamus Egan. four-strinaed Irish tenor 
and plectrum banjos; Ralph Stanley, bluegrass legend 
on the flve.string; Kirk Sutphin, five-string banjo. 
clawhammer and three-finger styles; and Will Keys. 
two-fI~er picking style on the flve-strlng banjo. 

The virtuosos will be accompanied by Laurie Lewis, 
vocals and flddle; Dudley Connell, lead singer and 
rhythm guitarist; and Jimmy Trivett. bass player and 
vocals. 

Music Professor Will PreMld 
Iv"", of Violin Compositions 

The UCSD Department of Music will present violin-
Ist JAnos N6gyesy and friends In a Soir6e for Music 
Lovers at 8 p.m. on Frldey. Feb. 11. In the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. The program will feature compositions by 
18th and 19th century composers Leclair. Mozart, 
Schubert and Bach. 

TIckets, which are $7 general admission and $5 for 
students, can be purchased at the door the evening of 
the concert. Please call 534-3229 or 534-5404 for 
more Infonnatlon and concert chqes. 

N61Yesy, born in Budapest, Hu~, was conc;ttrt. 
master of the Radio Berlin Orchestra from 1970 to 
1974. After having lived and worked in Perls, Vienna 
and New York, N6gyesy accepted a professorship at 
UCSD In 1979. 

N6&YesY Is known for being the flrst European to 
record the complete VIolin and PlIOO Son«as of 
ChMles NeS and for his mastery of the Mathews· 
electronic viOlin. 

AIorC with PAlvlkkl Nykter, N6&YesY has just re-
leased a new duo violin album of compositions by Btla 
Bart6k. 

Thunday, January 20,1994 

QUAKE:UCSD 
engineers examine 
Los Angeles freeways 
ContInued flam .... 1 
examined the remains of the col-
lapsed bridges, and then deter-
mined whether they would have 
predicted the structures to col-
lapse, givin the conditions of 
Monday's 6.6 quake. The re-
searchers concluded that they 
would have expected the struc-
tures to collapse. 

In addition, said Priestly, the 
team examined intact freeway 
structures that were retrofitted ac-
cording to recommendations of 

FUNDS: 
Political, religious 
orgs cannot be funded 
Continued flam ..... 1 
charter gives two lists of criteria 
for determining an organization's 
definition under the Smith v. Re-
gelllS ruling. 

List "C" provides guidelines 
for whether an organization falls 
into the "educational" category 
eligible for funding under Smith 
v. Regents, while list "B" out-
lines the criteria for deeming an 
organization "political, religious 

UCSD lCientisti. 
The recommendations con-

sisted of strengthening the 
bridges'columns by reinfon:ing 
the bue of the cOlumn, the sup-
port beams that run between the 
columns and the columns them-
selves. 

One of the key innovations, 
which is employed on hundreds of 
bridges in the Los Angeles basin, 
is known as "steel-jaclteting" the 
columns. According to Priestly, 
the purpose of this mechanism is 
to confine the column, keeping it 
in its original shape so that it will 
not buckle outwards. 

Priestly said that the retrofitted 
bridges "performed extremely 

or ideological" in nature, in which 
case they cannot legally be 
funded under Smith. 

There are five specifications 
on list "B," and an organization 
"shaJJ be deemed political, reli-
gious or ideological if at least one 
of these criteria is met," the char-
ter reads. 

In the words of the charter, an 
organization "may be deemed edu-
cational" if it meets at least one of 
six criteria outlined in list "C." 
This, however, is where SOFEB 
has encountered problems because 
according to its rulings, the re-
called organizations meet criteria 

ERRATA 

The UCSD Cuardian 

well." 
The structures that did collapse, 

added Priestly, had not yet been 
retrofitted by CalTrans. Less than 
half of the structures slated for 
reinforcement were retrofitted, 
said Priestl y, despite the fact that, 
in his opinion, CaITrans is "work-
ing as fast as it can." 

Asked about the quality of 
structures at UCSD, Priestly said 
it would be "inappropriate" for 
him to comment. However, he 
did say that one of the biggest 
concerns he had was that a lot of 
equipment around campus is not 
properly secured. 

"That could cause a lot of dam-
age," he added. 

from both lists, and therefore may 
be ruled eligible. 

In the final hearings, SOFEB 
must deliberate on whether the 
educational criteria outweigh the 
political, religious or ideologi-
cal purposes or activities of the 
group. 

"We have received assurances 
that, provided we follow these cri-
teria, the UC General Council will 
stand behind our decisions," Clark 
said. 

Pending SOFEB's eligibility 
decisions, all student organization 
assets are frozen, with the excep-
tion of A.S.-funded media. 

NEWS 3 

1 0 
--------

: SMALL I 
I with Topping : 

: 99C.'70: 
• _Il...,..... Nat _ wiI1 ony __ . • 
L One por pwwIIl . e.pr. 2/3/94 ..I 
--------

Turn In 
Your Mom! 
Your mother could be a carrier of valuable 
antibodies that are desparately needed for 
production of a life saving pharmaceutical. 

If your mother is RH negative. never received Rho-Gam. and 
.ither you or one of your siblings is RH positive. she could qualify 
u a pluma donor. eam extra money and SAVE A CHILD'S UFEI 

In the Jan. 10 issue, University of California Student Association Field Representative Donny Emerick 
said the next step the UCSA will take to fight fee increues will be to train students to lobby the state 
legislature. The UCSA is prohibited from lobbying the Legislature directly. The G,umJia" regrets the error. 

For turning her In. you will be peld a REWARD of $100.00 when 
your mom brings us this ad. 

HemaBlologlcs, Inc. 22&-1733 

INTERESTED IN Ii LEADERSlIlP EXPERIENCE? 

MUIR ~OL' .. EGE 
, ' 

" j ~ ~ < • 
, 

, " . 

-;;, ~y 
• <C, _ ¥'" , 

• Obtain a job referral from Part-TIme Employment 
• Pick up an application from the Muir Academic Advising Office 

[H&SS2126 ] 
• Interviews and selection will take place during Winter Quarter 

DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1994 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSD 
P II r I. II .. '. •. (h d •. r <, 

AI"' "pt"d 

7720 F~ Ave • 
459-7355 

l111ef1sive MCAT Prep: 
1) EUII1 works ... don't settle for less! 
2) combines freggCAt in-class MCAT instruction & real MeAT testing with 

carefully guided home study. 
3) is correlated with MCAT syccess. 
4) may be the factor to get lWl into medical school. 
5) is the Way 01 the ?O'I! 

Columbia MCAT Review: 
1) an independent, full-service program taught by MCAT experts (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph .D. candidates & English Department faculty). 
2) originated the concept of "lateps'vc MCAT prep" here in San Diego in 1986, 

beware of simulator!!! 
3) specializes in 'ptcp.iye MCAT prep & medical school admissions assistance-

they are all we do! 

Due to popular demand, 
we are proud to announce the opening of a new course section (Sectiop el, which 
begins SatAnI.!_ Jap. 22pd. Sections A & B are now full. Limited enrollment. 

Columbia Review 
IlTE.llrE MCAl "E"''''' • 

ENROLL NOW! 456-5656 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial 80IIrd 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor In ChIef 
SHANNON BlEDSOE, CopoJ EdItor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

DOUG Al.fXANDER, Opinion Editor 
_ ucso _I • .-..- twice. _. 1M U-.Ity 01 CeIHomia. s.n DI$. ~ 01M3. _......-___ the mIiIoIttY _ 01 tile ___ , _ .. not 

_~ _ 01 the UC _ 01 RatanIa. 1M ASUCSO. _ tile __ 1tIIf. 

Proposed Fee Policies 
Would Be Disastrous 

To most of the public, a meeting of the University of California 
Board of Regents is an exercise in tedium, and for good reason. The 
meetings are characterized by hours u~!, hours of jxoceduraJ 
debates and discussions, which are unintelligible to all but the most 
fervid policy wonks and insiders. However, as the Board of Regents 
meets in San Francisco today, there will be at least two items on its 
agenda that students should follow. _ 

For some time now, the university bas been tinkering with along-
term fee policy, which, if the uc Office of the President's proposal 
is approved, will amount to more yearly doses of fee increases. 
Known as the Guidelines Model, the proposal calls for the assess-
ment of a uniform educational fee. Under the policy, the amount of 
the fee would be determined by differences between the money 
needed by UC system (i.e. operational costs) and the funding 
provided by the California state budget. Student Regent Darby 
Morrisroeestimates that, if implemented, the fee policy oould mean 
annual fee increases in excess of $600 over the next several years. 

It doesn't take an economics major to seethe'inberent flaw in this 
plan. The university would be free to spend however much it pleases 
(e.g. new lecture halls, sports facilities, bureaucracies, etc.) and then 
simply force students to foot the bill. The Guidelines Model 
enoourages deficit spending, and one only needs to look at the 
federal government's woes to see how well such spending works. 

The regents may also approve a new policy for asseSsing student 
housing fees. Under the current model, the Board of Regents must 
approve UC housing costs each year. However, to streamline regent 
responsibilities, the Office of the President has proposed that the UC 
President should be allowed to decide the level of housing fees. This 
proposal flirts with disaster. Like the long-term fee policy, the 
proposed housing policy would permit fees to be raised aroitrarily, 
whether they need to be or not, without any review. 

While these two proposals are enough to depress even the most 
determined optimist, there is some encouraging news. According to 
Morrisroe, many of the regents are far from enthusiastic about the 
Office of the President's proposals. In facl, several regents are 
openly hostile to the ideas. Apparently, the regents are beginning to 
see the light - you can't keep jacking up fees and expect people to 
be able to afford a University of California education. Let's hope 
that this weekend, the regents act on this newfound wisdom and 
send these two hideous proposals back where they belong - to the 
deepest, darkest pits of hell. 

Retaking Physics Final 
Should be Optional 

Students who burned the midnight oil for a Physics 2A final last 
quarter bombed it nonetheless after a smoking pyrotechnic was 
launched into the middle of the lecture hall during the final exam. The 
Physics Department is forcing all members of the class to retake the 
final in themidstofnew midtennsthisquarlerbecause a smoke bomb 
disrupted the exam. 

Apparently, members of the Physics Department felt enough 
students cheated during the final to warrant a retake of the final this 
February. Despite the fact that students were generally as successful 
on the final- worth 40 percent of the grade - as they were on the 
quizzes, the administrators decided that the final exam results were 
not valid. 

Their decision pIaces an enormous burden on students who have 
already studied hard for a tough class. These students, some dedi-
cated, !lOme flaky as in all classes, will all be penalized. Instead of 
concentrating on their I,lCW subjects, they will have to rehash old 
topics and reopen closed books. 

SevcraI members of the class stutcd a petition to make the retake 
final eum optional. Students wbo felt the smoke bomb bun their 
performance oouJd reIIke the cum, wbile dIOIc SIdsfied with the old 
cum would be able to keep the rauIts. A smaU number of claters 
may be Ible 10 eape detccdoD UDder sudlalCellllio, but there are 
lOme cbeaIm in evt:l'f d.-1IlJWIY. SudlICldeadc disbonesIy by 
..... ...., ...... DO way be aDowed 10 dellroy the KIM,1emic 
...... f1.,..-y ...... e •• 

The UCSD Gaardiaa ThlU"lday, J .. uary 20,1994 

PINION 

DECONSTRUCTING CHRIST 
COMMENTARY: Though buried during the Vatican II in the '60s, a "relativistic" 
interpretation of the New Testament is precisely what Christianity needs 
By OlIn'" J. Hurst 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In the two millennia since his death, the historical 
attributes of Quist - the things he said, the "rules" he set 
forth, the attitudes he representcd-baveseverely c10udcd 
the overriding message of his life. So obscured bu his 
message of coUectivity and universal love become, that 
most QIristians and oonbe1icvers baven't the slightest 
kernel of an idea (let alone, an analytical sense) of what 
Quist's life means. Organized "Quistian" religions, es-
peciaUy the Catholic church, have be-
come little more than police bureaucra-
cies enforcing an ethical code that Quist 
himself would not even recognize. It is 
essential that a modem and relativist in-
terpretation of the New Testament be 
established. There is already a precedent. 

racy of the Old Testament is largely irrelevant - that the 
gist of the stories, the themes, the morals... all these 
outweigh whether or oot Moses truly wandered with the 
rest of the Israelites for 40 years in the Sahara Desert or 
whether Melchisedech lived 20 years shy of a full millen-
nium. 

I learned this "relativistic" interpretation at a Catholic 
high school knowofor slight deviations from the accepted 
mode of biblical teaching (the priest who played principai-
for my first two years later bailed the priesthood alto-

gether, married and now manages a Home 
Depot). Biblical scholars also accept these 
ahistoricalinterpretationsoftheOldTesta- . 
ment. However, when the dissident Vatican 
II group prepared its proposal regafding 
theNewTestament, Otristeodom prepared 
for its roughest shake since Luther nailed 
the Ninety-five Theses to the door of the 
Wittenberg castle church. 

In 1960, Pope John XXIII organized a 
church council, known as Vatican II, 
which brought together the leaders of the 
Roman Catholic <llurch to debate and 
draft an 'Official position on the major 
issues gripping the church. Issues exam-
ined included theology, ecumenical prac-
tice andcburcb bicnrcby. Observers from 
the other Catbolic sects as weU as other 
major <llristian faiths look part. 

Mary ......... 
_Iycalleda 

The Vatican n proposal stated that the 
historical materia\ ofdle new testament-
primarily the four gospels of Matthew, 
Mark, Luke and JoIm, wbidl deal with the 
centtal figure of CluistiInity, Jesus bim-
aeIf - should DO loop be viewed as 
factual. Whether or not Jesus really made 
four loaves of brad and two fiIIb fmI 
S,OOl people is immaterial. The impor-
IaDce lies in the tbemca, the mon1a. l.ovc 
your neighbor. He who is witbout sin cast 
the first stone. Etc. 

Vatican II took place between 1962 
and 1964. In the middle of the pIucced-
ings, John XXID died and was replaoed 
by the more c:omervative Pope Paul VI. 
EKb Pope ovmaw draft propouIs re-
garding Roman Canon Law. In addition, 
subcommittees debated more volatile is-
sues such as b'beration theology, church 
reunification and the historical legitimacy 
of scripture, especially the New Testa-
ment. 

AI Vatican II dragged toward ita 
cxmpIetion, a group of biblical sdJoIars 
-purportedly,evenlOlDe cardinals were 
in tbeirranb-senta propo8Il reprding 
the hiIIoricaI legitimacy and ICCUlIICY of 

"youIC 1&IrI" In 
H ....... When 
"youIC 1&IrI" was 
translated Into 
••• Ie, It 
.... ~" 
....... 
In'evoc8IJIy 
.. ,. ........ 
.... 1 •• __ 10 
... n .... 
deItIcIdIon .., 
the C11l1iU11c 
CIach. 

Of course, the problem that the PapaI 
Cauncil saw and certainly IIIIiciptIed wa 
tbat such a pronouncement misbt sugest 
tbat 0Irist bimlelf didn't cUt. PreciIeIy,. 
replied thec:ommittee. <lIriatmay DOt have 
existed. The poiJd wua't tbat Cbrilllived 
fromOto33A.D.orfromSB.C.to28A.D. 
(_ biblicallCbolars bid decided car\ier in 
the century, IOIIIC error rl Aupdioe's 
tbrew thinpolfway bIct wbeIl)-ortbat 
<lIrist even lived at III. The poiDa is love 

the New Teatamellt to the main c:ounciL The ...... 
dealt wid! ftXleIIl bisIorical raeIIdl ~ the Bible aod 
ClI*lucIed that the IIiIIoraI fKIII wae DDt • imporIiiat 
• die aymboIie aod cultural meanJ .. The maiD COIIDciI 
iIIICIleIIIOIIiy booIed tile ~aod _ CIIboticI 

your neighbor, he wbo is witbout sin cast 
... finI .... 

~, To My ." CIrUt IIMr 1NetI? PIn. .. 
,."..", ABtI., the JIIOIDII died 011 the IpOt. CIdIoli-
a-iI DDt ademocDcy. BisbopI ... 't ....... poUiaa 
.... " ... 1 , .. eo ftDd out ............ II OIl_-

line beIrd ~ illi8ce. 
11IeOldT'" nm_Ioaia-CIDIideied abiIIorbI 

lion, NAFl'A. Ibe elileeace ~ CIIriII. ". Pope iI • 
dIdIIOr,l1J _,d.,. a beIIip ...,1OIIIeti_ ... fa dIiI 

bfClddc ...... MII ..... tllemmcoc.ea .... 
II ... -All .. WI" _ .... the bilbicalllD-

.~ .... ..., ..... otIIeII, 0 ........... ,.. 
. SMClI .... ,...' 

Thand.y, J .... ry 20,1994 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Following the principles of nonviolence, one woman oontinues to serve as an inspiration for democracy in Bunna 

THE HERO THE WORIJD FORGOT 

ANDREW 

REynOLDS 
WORLD 

VIEW 

This week, as we 
remember Dr. Mar-
tin Luther King Jr., 
it is appropriate to 
honor a woman 
who, though one of 
the most outstand-
ing living practitio-
ners of the nonvio-
lent principles of 
King and Gbandi, 
has been largely for-
gotten by the West. 
1 am referring to the 
Burmese dissident 
leader Aung San 
Suu Kyi. Detained 

by the Burmese military junta, she is enduring 
her fifth year of a stifling and isolating house 
anest in Rangoon. As the junta know well, if 
freed she would threaten its political existence. 

When Suu Kyi was awarded the Nobel Peace 
Prize in 1991 (an award she was never allowed 
10 personally receive) the Nobel Committee 
wished "to honor this woman for her unflagging 
efforts. and to show its support for the many 
people throughout the world who are striving to 
attain democracy, human rights and ethnic con-
ciliation by peaceful means." Her struggle was 
called "one of the most extraordinary examples 
of civil courage in Asia in recent decades." 

As the daughter of Aung San, who fought for 
and negotiated Burma's independence from 
British colonial rule, Aung San Suu Kyi was 
destined to be at the forefront of Burmese poli-
tics. Her father was assassinated in 1947, when 
Suu Kyi was only two years old, but his mys-
tique as "father of the natioo" gives her enor-

-mOIlS prestige among the peasants of the Bur-
mese countryside. 

PRE-MED STUDENTS: 
We e,ln ,,.tll rOil H,w 
To Write Better 
L,,6 Reports For 
Orp.h: a...istry 10A 

FlIT CLASS FlEE 
Room 1205 Galbraith Hall Saturdays 10-12P.m·$50 
9 WEEK COURSE ., 

Call 970-1 638 

She was educated at Ox-
ford University before mov-
ing on to work for the United 
Nations in New York. Herfirst 
love,however,bualwaysbeen 
to study the political history of 
Burma as well as its prospects 
for the future. Bunna is rich in 
both natural resources and hu-
man talent. 

She returned 10 Burma 
(now renamed Myanmer by 
the military junta) in 1988 to 
nurse her ailing mother but, as 
an academic and a wriler, she 
was quickly caught up in the 
growing pro-democracy 
movement. She was soon 
drafted as leader of the Na-
tional League for Democracy 
(NLD). Her dedication to the 
cause of democracy is unwa-
vering. 

In one instance, while 
spreading the democraticmes-
sage, she courageously walked 
toward the troops of General 
Ne Win (Burma's dictator 
since 1963) who were under 
order to shoot her. She was 
only saved when an army of-
ficer rushed out of a nearby 
coffee shop and ordered the 
troops not to fire. 

Even while under house 
arrest, her popularity among 
the Burmese people was dem-
onstnted when her Nill party 
won 80% of the parliamentary 
seats in multi-party elections 

osta f£/erde 'lJentis 
:$3~ 

EXAM • 
'" CLEANING a 

• / ~ X-RAYS Cblew1r9 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIALI 

Bring this ad with you to your appointment 
• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• OUf prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
• Special introductory offer-$I SO teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
• Plenty of free parking! 

CAllUS FOR 
• AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
w. accept motf InIUfance plana and majof credt cClldl 

In 1988, the 
government 
killed OV. 3,000 
pro-democnlcy 
activists who 
w •• engaged In 
peaceful 
demonstnItIons 
against human 
rIjIds ....... 
Fr.edom Hou .. , 
.. AnIerIca&-
ba.edhu ..... 
rtgbts watchdog, 
claimed that 

~ allit forces 
vii""" to act 
......... mlne 
............ of 
troops. ••• " 

in 1990 (the first in 30 years). 
However, despite the over-
whelming electoral defeat, the 
military government refused 
to hand over power, instead 
arresting most of the newly-
elected legislators. AI the same 
time, the junta escalated its 
attacks on dissidents, students, 
monks and ethnic rebel groups 
based in the north of the coun-
try. 

In 1960, the military took 
power of Burma, once a par-
liamentary democracy, initi-
ating an era of oppression. 
Today, over 2,000 political 
prisoners are frequently tor-
lured. Their freedoms of 
speech, press and association 
are oonexistent. In 1988, the 
government killed over 3,001 
pro-democracy activists who 
were engaged in peaceful dem-
onstralions againsl human 
rights abuses. 

Freedom House, the 
American-based human 
rights walchdog, claimed in 
its 1993 yearly report that in 
Burma "the army forces vil-
lagers to act as human mine 
sweeps ahead of troops and 
frequently uses civilians as 
porters, often until they die of 
exhaustion and hunger. 
Young teenagers have been 
pressed into battle against 
rebel groups often stiffened 
with shots of liquor." 

/III II,,/) \) 
$1 

COLLEGE BEEK NIGlIT 
AllI0-0z. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
~ $I been are IIOtdle-. 

As for Suu Kyi , one of the true inspirations 
for democracy in Burma, she continues to lan-
guish in the humidity of her two-story house in 
Rangoon, surrounded by soldiers and denied 
coolact with the outside world. The saddest part 
of this story is that Suu Kyi has been kept apart 
from her husband, the British Tibetologisl and 
professor at Harvard, Michael Aris, and their 
sons, Alexander and Kim. Arislast saw Suu Kyi 
over Quistmas of 1991 and, at that time, she was 
still recovering from a hunger strike she under-
took to highlight the plight of other political 
prisoners. 

AfierseeingSuu Kyi, he commented that the 
forced separation was a "moral choice .... / prom-
ised to support her a long time ago, if she took 
Ihis path. No matter how long they keep her 
isolated, I know that her spirits are indomilable. 
She wiJI not give up." 

In a 1991 compilation of her writings entitled 
Freedom from Fear, Aung San Suu Kyi articu-
lated the reasons for her faith in democracy and 
nonviolent change. She wrote that the Burmese 
people "just want to be able to go ahout theirown 
business freely and peacefully, not doing harm, 
just earning a living without anxiety and fear. In 
other words, they want. the basic human rights 
which would guarantee a tranquil, dignified 
existence free from want and fear." 

Aung San Suu Kyi is a person of whom 
humanity should be proud. It is up to us 10 see 
tbat her life is not curtailed and her people not 
brutalized further. 

If you are interested in helping to pressure the 
Burmese government for the release ofSuu Kyi, 
or any other prisoner of conscience, you can 
contact Amnesty International at 322 Eighth 
Avenue, New York, NY 10001 or 900 W. 
Washington Blvd., OlIver City, LA 920232. 

COLLEGE PIZZA 
~..;~ & PITCHER NIGIIT $5 each 

.-.. REE ELECTROLYSIS· 
·Free consultetion and initial treatment 15 min. $25 value . First·time cliente only . 

Ey.brow. 

Upper Lip 

Chin 

Undererml 

Br ... t 

Stom.ch 

Bikini Lin. 

Flng." 

l.g. 

To .. 

Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medieal Aeeoeiation 
approved method. (or problem ea_ 
and eenlitive llkin 

• Medical and ooemetic electrolYlia (or 
men and women 

• Fema~ .,taff, •• ate-Iiceneed . '* 
aeehnieianl ~ 

LI Jolla Villaga Prohllional Cantlr 



6 OPINION 

CHRIST: The 
ideas and morals are 
what are important 
ContInued from .... 4 
maritalaex, women clergy, gays, the 
EartbbeiD8thec:eoterofthe Uoiverae 
- Db, yeah, they mmed that ooe, 
didn't they? - and married priests) I 
would say be is a very malignant ooe. 

SowilatifJesus Ouist never lived? 
WeD, this poses a serious problem for 
heaven, hell, purgatory, limbo, indul-
gences-everythingSrs. Mary, Mar-
garet and Theresa taught me during 
the tail-end of the 1970s. But rather 
than gel into that, let's examine the 
evidence regarding the ability to de-
termine whether Orrist existed. 

The Dead Sea Scrolls seem to con-
firm that there was a Jesus Quist. I'll 
accept that. Did he die and rise again 
to walk through walls and let doubt-
ing Thomasesshove fingers into sword 
sears? Some 30 years after Kennedy, 
nobody knows for sure what hap-
pened to him. The Warren Commis-
sion didn't prove squat. Biblical schol-

IIIc1aee the fintfitbe .... tbIt of 
MIlt, at uouad 10 A.D. 0IriIt died 
in 28. The c:baaces Ire pretty IIim that 
witDe18e8 couIcI be found... even 
harder to believe tbeir taIIimony, 40 
years after abc evenllL 

1bere are oIbcr .. Is not in-
cluded in the Bible, lumped in with 
other ooo-approYed Biblical worD 
caJIed the Apoaypba. which were 
written before Mark. But they depict 
OuisaeitberlDlfiMnblyorwcre writ-
ten by Romaosaod the lib wbo didn't 
have Ouistiaoity's - or Judaism's 
- best interest at heart. 

The point is that we have stories 
that became written tex,t a long time 
after the man himselfbad disappeared. 
Toquote the late David Wojnarowicz: 
"There'weren't any tape recorders 
around and people misquoted [Jesus] 
wildly." The themes of those stories, 
though, they matter. The particulars 
might have become distorted, but 
"love your neighbor" should not. 

I like Ouist's unadulterated mes-
sage.1 think the historical existence of 
him and his apostles matters very 
little. If all of us loved our neighbor 

The UCSD GaanIi_ 

(the aoimaIa, oceaa IDd pilat matter 
fitbeworld iDcJuded), IIiIpIIcc~ 
look a bit better. Maybe 0IriIt is • 
muawort at 6c:tioa. However, the 
good his .... could do is DOt 

Maay atheists diJaaree vehe-
mendy. They JookatlbeborrorsCbris-
tiaoity .. wroupt upoD Ibe gIobe-
from tile IoquiIiIjoa to Ibe pIuDder of 
the Americ:aI(remember,a Pope gave 
balfthe-newworld'" to the SpIniardI, 
the other balflolbe Portugueae) to the 
poIIible pooc:ide of the human race 
via a popuIaIion bomb ("every sperm 
issaaedj. 

Other PC atheists ramble about 
how Christ was a sexist. How do we 
know Otrist was aaexist? Jwt reod 
tJte Bible, they say. But they (orget 
that, for one, the Bible was written at 
least 40 years after Quist was cruci-
fied. Second, four men wrote the gos-
pels. ClwIes Bukowski and Joseph 
Heller, two moilern male writers, are 
not known for their appealing de-
scriptions of women . .. how can we 
expect Matthew, Mark, Luke andJohn 
to have done any better? 

Many teenagers pick up The 

CtudIer "dw~ mid tbe IIIiucIveD-
lura of HoIdea Caufield and .... 
beQuae of tbe tremeodouIlIDOUIII of 
emotional booeaty in it tbat J.D. 
SaliDpr "Caufield. Tbia may DOt be 
10.10 the II1II&\ way, the Bible is lilrcly 
a Iitmry disIortiuo of truth. ScboIaIII 
COIIIider Jolla', .. I the IDOIt titer-
ary of the tour bcc:8uIe it _ sym-
bolic poupiDp to help OOIMy the 
poioL Joba empl-izrd oertaiD tbiDp, 
Matthew ocben. Each had a pIItiadar 
cultural audieDce,jlllt .. SIUnpr bad. 
Miradeaimpreasedpeople2,(D)years 
ago; today, wedoa'tbelieve in tbem.1f 
Quist were arouod today, insliCad of 
walking on water he might fight (or 
clean water. Who knows? 

On a side note, Mary - Christ's 
mother - was origioally called a 
"yoonggirl" in Hebrew. When "young 
girl" was translated into Greek, it be-
came "virgin," changing irrevocably 
Mary's status and leading to ber near-
deification by the Catholic Olurch. 
One word nu:Jkes all the difference! 
Language is a lot like history: slip-
pery' always decaying and fonning 
new things. Deootations of words shift 

and 1DUIUe. What we bopo is IbII 
wbaliever .. it is and in wbatever 
'''''''I''1be ideal are expiC.e II, lbey 
como out meaDiJJa IOIIIetbiDg similar 
to wbat was iDleDdecl 

0IristiaDa mUit SlOp geUiDabluJa-
upcmabc biatoricityoflbe Bible. They 
lIlUII.eopenfordDaalD-ClJlod"auis-
tiao" code that caooot cwo be toown 
forcmaio to have faUeo from abc lips 
ofOariat Maybe the tour ppeI writ· 
era had a problem witb premarital sex 
- abould their cultural JDissiviop 
make it a siD today11be world of 0 

. A.D. would never have accepIcd fe-
male clergy, but that was 2,000 years 
ago and times have changed. 

Many Christian groups have 
cbaDged; some even accept this hb-
eral, open-minded interpretation of 
the Bible. I think everyone should, 
religious and nonreligious alike. Was 
Quist's central message intolerance? 
Have we rompletely forgotten that he 
came to change the Old Testament's 
legalismo into something new, dy-
namic and steeped in love? 

I hope not. Things are starting to 
look bleak enough. 

LOOKING FORA FEW GOOD PUNDITS: Right, Left, Center, et aI. 
For more information call the Guardian at 534-6580. 

Me .... g...ne 660.-~ "*""".,... 
.y,ItCD .. J(XJi (DDt tim., "PfI"AUIoVItItM" If"' 

DIfM1._~~ntINI_ 

ilMintosb LC fl5 41llJ. A/JIII- Coler I'tus 
U" DDpIa,. App. Ke]boanlll ""d mous.. 

It does more. 
An easy II/1JIkmtm~. And)ou rouJd qualify for 
low motIIbIy {JI1ymetI1S Ot, a )lllCitltosb or 1'OWer~. 

It costs less. 

Introducing The Great Apple Campus 
Deal. Right row; buy any seat Macintoslf 
or ~rompUteJ; and you'll also 
get seven useful software programs. Its all 
included in one low price. (The software 
alone has a rombined SRP of $596~) AOO, 
the new Apple Computer Loan offers low 
monthly payments that make the deal 
even better. Apply by January 28, 1994, and 
your first payment is deferred for 90 days. 
All you have to do is qualify. So, what 
are you waiting for? An Apple-computer. 
It does more. It costs less. Its that simple. 

-. 

Its that simple. 
Visit }Qur Apple Campus ReseUer for more information. 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Department 534-4.291 

Thunda,., Juaary 20, 19M The UCSD Cuardian 

San Diegan Throws Hat in Ring 
pounCS: Libertarian seems, in the middle of this reees-
Rider announces his 
candidacy for governor 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

When he announced his candi-
dacy for governor last month, 
former San Diego County Libe", 
tarian Party Chairman Richard 
Rider was probably one ofthe few 
candidates in American politics 
who had no intention of winning. 

Rather, Rider has indicated that 
the main goal of his candidacy is 
to oust Gov. Pete Wilson by si-
phoning away votes from the Re-
publican incumbent. 

Jason Rilcl,let,GlWrflan 

Gubernlltorllil candlUt. 
Richard Rider 

"What makes my candidacy 
different from other Libertarian 
races is that I'm not running to 
educate the public or gather Liber-
tarian Party ronverts," Rider said. 

"I am running with the express 
purpose of draining off as many 
of the conservative Republican 
voters as possible from Pete Wil-
son, thus ensuring the election of 
the Democratic candidate," he 
added. 

Rider is convinced that if Wil-
son seeks reelection, many more 
Democrats will be elected to po-
litical offices in California as a 

I 

POLICE: A.S. 
reQuests review board 
Continued from .... 1 
ciation (GSA) have passed resolu-
tions supporting the formation of 
a police review board. The A.S. 
proposal calls for a board to be 
responsible for police oversight 
and complaints, as well as policy 
and security input. 

Under the A.S. proposal the 
board would be made up of stu-
dents, faculty and staff. Police and 
administrators would serve on the 
board as non-voting, ex-officio 
members. 

Morris said that a police review 
board is unnecessary and would 
create problems for the depart-
ment. 

"Once you get a board like that, 
they can start looking into things 
too deeply, and it makes it diffi-
cult for us to complete our daily 
tasks," Morris said. "You could 
get some real liberal members on 
the board who think the police 
have no involvement in anything, 
and we do. 

"There is no need [for a review 
board] because there have been no 
indications that the intemal mea-
sures of the UCSD Police Depart-

reaction to Wilson's candidacy. 
"Wilson will be the George Bush 

of the California Republican Party 
in 1994. Bush elected dozens of 
California Democrats in 1992, and 
Wilson will have the same impact 
in 1994. If Wilson doesn't have the 
courage to resign, at least he should 
have the good sense not to run 
again, " said Rider. 

Rider blames Wilson for the 
continuing recession in California, 
calling him the "Typhoid Mary" of 
the Califomia economy, largely 
because of the govemor's.support 
of tax increases for the state. 

"Wilson refuses to use his veto 
to hold down spending. Crazy as it 

ment do not work, II Morris added. 
Belmonte, however, main-

tains that such a board is neces-
sary under any circumstances. 
"Even if [the police] are the most 
upright, moral people in the 
world, as an organization that is 
the recipient of the public trus.!, 
they need to be perceived as hav-
ing the utmost of public account-
ability," he said. 

"Right now, the rondition of 
that accountability is very dubi-
ous," he added. 

A .S . Vice President Nick 
Endres agreed with Belmonte. 
"We have a lot of problems with 
police relations, and there are prob-
lems with police using intimida-
tion tactics," Endres said. 

"We want to develop a mutual 
understanding with the police, so 
we're working together. We need 
to have communication, otherwise 
it 's just an antagonistic relation-
ship," Endres added. 

Under the current policy, stu-
dents must file romplaints with 
the officer in charge and have the 
option to appeal to Vice Chancel-
lor of Business Affairs Steven 
Relyea if they feel that their com-
plaint has not been handled effec-
tively. 

'. Syracuse University 
Division or International Programs Abroad 
119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, New York 13244-4170 
1-800-235-3472 

sion he just signed off on a 10 
percent across-the-board pay in-
cre~e for state employees. I con-
sider such action bordering on 
criminal behavior," said Rider. 

A stockbroker and financial 
planner, Rider sued the County of 
San Diego two years ago and suc-
ceeded in invalidating a half-cent 
jail sales tax, which he claims is 
now saving taxpayers over $8 bil-
lion. 

Following the Libertarian ide-
ology, Rider said that "the num-
ber-one problem in this state is 
the disastrous effect of state and 
local government taxes and regu-
lations on the economy. We don ' t 
need fine-tuning; we need a meat-
ax approach to government. I will 
offer that alternative. Frankly, I'm 
a bureaucrat's worst nightmare." 

However, he emphasized once 
again that he is not running for the 
governorship to win the seat for 
himself, but to split the vote. "I will 
offer Republicans a way to send 
their party a message. Our cam-
paign wiD seek funding from Ub-
ertarians, disgruntled Republicans, 
taxpayer groups ... and even from 
Democrats who see that I will split 
the vote for Wilson. If Wilson loses, 
I will have achieved my goal." 

The Guardian: 
Read it 

To: All It_ 2A StR.1ts 
.. T .. a-Fial 
.Dec.1, 1113 

Re DisruptIOn 01 Fln"1 ExaminatIOn 

I !.,wI" WIbUIIIIInc:IcIIrt wIidIlDOk 
.... cUtng ..... ~tar 
Phy11c12A III 'TIIndIy, '**IiIIr 9. In 
w_ Lan H112006. ThI ~ '* 

c:a..cI,..,.....~tar 
..... by cIIn.ipIIng ..... _ . A IUIN' 
III people _1IldIo*,1CIII:IIy IIIWNd Ind 
dIIIrIc:IId by lie IncIcIInIInd the joumey 10 
III ~ a.nam Ind Mw ripCIItId 
........ pertom.1Oi _1IMfIIIy 
IIIIIcIId. Thn!WI belli c:iraImIIIniII 
I'llCllrlClIIIaIqII to my IIIt8ntion 1hII_ 
rM ........ III 8CIdImIc inIegrIy may 
Mwllllln .... . 

T LfI( (! It l' Sl'~ I' on the Ilral ~·,III 
t(' q \ l) 1 lq 1 non 

S H( (j I')' '" I'lL Jr') ... ~ ::J J "Tl 12 ~~con 
InP(>I('r~orHll 108 

PI/IIdpIIIon by ....... who led !he 
ftrIII III Dec. 9 II obIigIIcHy. In !he 
iMIIIIImII. NR (No Rtport) ~ ..... Mw 
bellllI'IInd Into lie 1IudIntI· r.cordI. 

,..._:A .......... _ .. 
--.... nou...,.1,.,.~ IOUI 1CM.lIIe_ef1 ... _ ... ", 
........ 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
Something to write home about! r' . J 

• Programs in Africa, Australia, Belgium, Czech Republi c, England, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Poland, and Spain 

• Prior foreign language not always necessary 
• SU credit 
• Field tripS/lraveling seminars 
• Internships 
• Study for a semester, a year, or a summer 
• Home or limited aparunent placements 

NEWS 7 

Planning 

Come and lake a FREE practice test with the nation's lesl prep leader 

JANUARY 22nd 
Tests will be scored, and you will receive a breakdown of your 

performance. Call for information and reservations. 

Partial course scholarships will be raffied 10 registered paJticip~nlS. 
7lI<1'rl.-... .... _ tr ~ ..u. _ Prl.u/oll -., !lOr IN >:dwaIno.Q) TIJtt'g_. 

EMPLOYMENT 
Two part-time positions are available with new 
biotech firm within walking distance of UCSD_ 

· .STUDE.NTS NEEDED to go to UCSD central and 
biomed libranes to search publications and journals for specified 
articles or topics and make copies of them. Also will pick up textbooks 
from bookstore and deliver ali to our office. Hours are almost your 
own (5-10 per week); must be available to make qUick deliveries to our 
offih ce at your convenience between 8:00am and 6:00pm. M-f $7.00 per our. 

• PART-TIME OFFICE ASSISTANT needed. 10-20 hours 
~.k daytime. Man-Fri. Must be available '2 noon to ':OOpm. 

for reliable student familiar with Madntosh or IBM computer to 
perform general office and mail room duties including phones. copying. 
ordering office supplies. data entry. and local errands. Type 3()..4() wpm. $7.00 per hour. 

Call Linda at 550-7070. ext. 110 

AnCtlf'ii"A, Affordable Dental Care 
We're taking a new little approach to dental care. Convenient hours 
and location. Gentle and caring treatment at affordable fees. All in a 
small but brand new dental office with videos and current read ing 
material to put you at ease during your visit. 

We're commitled to doing our best to provide preventive, cosmetic, 
and restorative dental care to keep your dental bills down, your mouth 
healthy, and your smi le bright. Call us today. 

OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
E. D.D.S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 
Most UCSD insurance accepwl • Relaxed. {rimdl, armosphere • Video/Sltreo 

• Memb.r ADA, CDA, SOCDS 
La Jolla Village Professional Center 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2103 
Top Floor, juJl behind the Eltphmu &r 

Emling {/ Saturcl.ry appointm.tnu aooiJabk 

1·5 at LaJoUa Village Drive 558-3490 

BRING THIS AD 
ONSElYlCEa 

t.Uf.,.-c",-",," 
ana VOId UCSO 10 
at _ c:II eoIImote. 
Not VOId ..." ""*' engtIe allanot,_, ,..:tall. 
IUD AYaporI Mal 
San DIego, CA 92121-.1. 
10cGIed In .. AUIOPOIr MAU. 

htdEnglnea 
Ifak ... VaIVeI 

All CondIIOIIing AlIa w., Cooled 
CIuIcMe • ElectrIcal 

MalnteiIGnCe ..... 
fune.Upe • ec. a DIeIeI 



8 The UCSD Guardian 

The Economics of the Citibank 
Classic Visa card. How no annual fee, student discounts 
and Price Protection create upward growth. A variety of factors have been suggested as 
contributing to the economic growth of students, including (1) more lottery winners between the ages of 
18 and 22, (2) a 37% increase on earnings from bottle and can returns, (3) more students doubling 
earnings in the lightning round of game shows, and (4) theCitibank Classic Visa®card. It's this last one, 
however, that affects most students. ~ The Citibank Classic Visa card offers immediate savings to 
student card members. You can now receive the Citibank Classic card with No Annual Fee. You can 

NJ known pittt," O/ ntlshl'W'OtI sml/t"B ' .nru EtonIJnlI.slJ 1HI1l'1It 
1Vas/r"'J<'Ott ...... unhO/lPyb«u_hefi'/, h,rotUdh.W! m:t!,,,,,. b"' .... 
draJ un Ittl, ~wpp/irs. Jfhi! u:iId a e",bank Gume Vua card. M wou/J 

IrQ\It! IN.,,,,,, osslm o/lf('ttl'W tht MSI P"CY aNi probably 'tItIOuk/ hollt bt¥n 
happittr (A filII J rendemf( c(ho.,.' he 'Al(}uki haM.' appetIrt't/ ()It Ih, dullarJ 

capitalize on a $20 Airfare Discount for domestic flights: a 
low variable interest rate of 15.4%~ as well as savings on mail 
order purchases, sports equipment, music and magazines. 

One might even have enough savings to reinvest in a CO or 

two (the musical kind, of course). ~ On the way to the 'record 
store, or any store for that matter, take stock of the 3 services 

concerned with purchases made on the Gtibank Classic 
card. Citibank Price Protection assures one of the best prices. See the same item advertised in print 

for less, within 60 days, and Citibank will refund the difference up to $150~ Buyen Security-can cover 
these investments against accidental damage, fIre or theft (ordinarily causes for Great Depressions) for 
90 days from the date of purchase~ And Citibank Lifetime Warranty- can extend the warranty for the 
expecied service life of eligible products up to 12 years~ ~ But perhaps the features which offer the best 
protection are your eyes, your nose, your mouth, etc.-all featured on The Photocard, the credit 
card with your photo on it. Carrying it can help prevent fraud or any hostile takeover of your card. 

(Insiders speculate that it makes quite a good student 10, too.) Even if one's card is stolen, or perhaps 
lost, The Lost Waller Service can replace your card usually within 24 hours. ~ So never panic. As we 

. 

all know, panic, such as in the Great Panics of 1837, 1857 and 1929 can cause a downswing in a market. 

But with 24-hour Customer Service, there's no reason for it. A question about your account is only an 

800 number away. (Panic of the sort experienced the night before Finals is something else 
again.) ~ Needless to say, building a credit history with the support of such services can only be a boost. 
You're investing in futures-that future house, that future car, etc. And knowing the Citibank Classic 

Visa card is there in your wallet should presently give you a sense of security, rare in today's-how 
shall we say?-flCkle market. ~ To apply, call. Students don't need a job or a cosigner. And call 
if you'd simply like your photo added to your regular Citibank Classic Visa card. Here's the 
number: 1-800-CITIBANK, extension 19. 

(1-800-248-4226). ~ The Law of Student 
Supply and Demand states, " If a credit card 

satisfies more of a student's unlimited wants 

and needs, while reducing the Risk Factor 

in respect to limited and often scarce 

resources-with the greatest supply of services 

and savings possible-then students will demand 
said credit card." So, demand away-call. Not just Visa. Citibank Visa. 
'OfTerclIpires6/JO,I94. Minimum ticket purchase price is $100. Rebates are forCitibank student cardmemben on tickets iuued by ISE Fli8hlSonJy. 
'The Annual Percentqe Rile bpurchases is 15.4'1&15 of I 2/93 and may varyquarter1y.The Annual Pm:entqc R~ ix-c:ash advances is l'lA. lf 
a finance charIe is imposed, the minimum is SO cents. Then: is an additional finance cha. b each cash advance transaction equal 10 2'1& of the 
amount of eacfI cash advance transaction; ~, it will nOl be less than $2.00 or gmIIer than $10.00. 'Ce!Uin conditions and emusions apply. 
Please refer 10 your Summary of Additional J>roaJam Inbmllion. Buyen Security is underwritten by The Zurich Intemllional UK limited. 
'Certain restrictions and limitaaions apply. Underwritten by the New Hampshire Insural1Ce Company. Service life ClIpectancy varies by product 
and is at ieastthe minimum baJcd on retail industry data. Details of CCMrIIF are available in your Summary of Additional Protram I nix-malion. 
Monarch Notes- are published by Monarch Press, a division ofSimoo & SchuSICT, a Panlmount Communications Company. USed by permission 
of the publisher. Citibank credit cards are issued by Citibank (South Dakota). N.A., © 1994 Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. Member FDIC. 

Thunday, January 20,1994 

Monarch Notes ill Version: 
The Citibank Classic Visa card will 

be there for you with r:JO annual fee , ' 

a low rate and special student discounts 

. . . so your own economy will be more 

like a boom than a bust. Call 1-800-

CITIBANK, ext. 19 (1-800-248-4226). 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART I a I N T I R T A I N MEN T JAN U A R Y 20, 1 9 9 3 

IN THE 

DEWS 
H 0 [ K 

• This month's issue of Roll-
",. Stone magazine features 
its.year-end music poll tabulat-
ing the likes and dislikes of 
both critics and fans in 1993. 
For readers, Pearl Jam took top 
honors as both the artist of the 
year and best blind. Pearl Jam 
singer Eddie Vedder, a one-
time San Diego resident, was 
voted best male singer, and 
Janet Jackson was voted best 
fem'ale singer. Critics sided 
with fans on some choices . 
They picked Pearl Jam as artist 
of the year and Eddie Vedder 
as best male singer. Nirvana's 
In Utero was judged album of 
the year and Polly Harvey was 
voted best female singer. Lem-
ons of the year included TIle 
Bodyguard, which fans voted 
worst album, and Meat Loaf, 
who critics decided made the 
most unwelcome comeback of 
the year. 

F I L M 

• Despite a low-key market-
ing plan and the presence of 
heavily-hyped blockbusters, 
the film TOII'fIMtonehas been 
pulling in a steady audience 
since its Christmas Day release 
and has made nearly S40 mil-
lion. Val Kilmer plays Doc 
Holliday and Kurt Russell is 
Wyatt Earp. Kilmer's ballsy 
performance as the alcoholic, 
suave Holliday makes the film 
worthwhile. Charlton Heston 
also makes a cameo appear-
ance in the movie. 

L () CAL 
• MIl oc. Only," a show 
designed to feature local bands, 
will debut Saturday at 10 p.m. 
on KCLX 102.9. The show will 
be hosted by Coe Lewis and 
will be I weekly feature. 

• Tickets go on sale for the 
IcorpIoM on Saturday at 10 
a.m. The German rock group 
will play It the Sports Arena at 
8 p.m. on Mardi 9 with Kin. 
x. Info: 278-TIXS. 

• 

F 

ON Tap: 
I THINK I 

WA. AN 

ALCDHDLIC 
I. g"AWN 

""CI '" 
CELE."ATED 
CA"TClClNI.T 

.JClHN 
CALLAHAN'. 

.ClClK, 
DIIIE.TINII 

THE CHILD 
WITHIN. 

E 

ON THE 
alDEI 

W"DNII 
T"ClU.E" •• V 

NICIC PA.IC. 

s T I v 

SPIKE AND 
M IKE BRING 
THEIR SICK 

AND TWISTED 
SHOW TO LA 

~OLLA 

A 

ute I plague of locusts. Spike .t 
Mjb'sFativGI ofANMtlliott has returned 
10 San Dieao. &ch ICI'eeIIin, Is a 90-
minute tour of animation 1Cy1. and tech-
niques from around the aJobe. It'l aIao a 

••• p ... H2 

L c 

II 

THE TOURNEE 
OF ANIMATION 
OPENS FRIDAY 

AT THE KEN 
CINEMA 

\ 

This year marks the 24th anniversary 
of the llIlernational Tournee of Anima-
tion, and, once again, the animated shorts 
showcase the skills of animators from all 
over the world. 

T~ Tourne~ includes award-winning 
films by such fmt-time animators as An 
Vrombaut. a student of the United King-
dom Royal College of Animation. Her 
film, Link Wolf, is a humorous piece, . 
depictina a pwky-Iookiog pack of wolves 
playing with the moon and the stan. 

I 71toug/ll I wa lUI Alcollolk is an-
other film by a new talent, Poniand-baled 
syndicated cartoOnist John Callahan. The 
artist tackles acrious issues such as aIco-
OOlism and phYlical diubility through a 
comedic character woo embodies his own 
I*t experiences .. a recoverina aIco-

......... 

r 



BlAnJS 2 

FI LM 

Festival of 
Animation 

Artsy films put action-cr~ving 
reviewer to sleep 

Continued from pee. H 1 
good way to put people to sleep. I 
really wish they had little lights 
next to the seats so I could have 
caught up on some reading, be-
cause some of these films weren't 
worth the effort of watching. Per-
haps I'm jaded with the quick-ac-
tion MTV slickness spewed across 
the TV screens today and can't 
appreciate (tolerate) the artsy-
fartsyness of some of these foreign 
shorts. But what the hell. I have a 
mission to review this objectively 
and fairly. 

Spike and Mike have brought 
together the Academy Award en-
tries for their screenings. Of the 
five entries to the Academy 
Awards, three were sludge. Vomit. 
Spew. Poo poo. 

Le Crimillal. by Gianluigi 
Toccafondo (Italy). takea a dark 
and violent look at life outside the 

law through dramatic viewpoints 
and colors. It also looks like mud 
and paint smeared across the lenses 
of glasses. 

The Village, by Mark Baker 
(UK), depicts life in a small vil-
lage, showing the gossip and spite 
as well as the love and goodwill. 
The story dragged for what seemed 
like hours. A third grade class 
could put out more stunning work. 

Trott by Matthias Bruhn (Ger-
many) portrays the life of a char-
acter and his heavy use of alcohol. 
It slugged away at my conscious-
ness with methodical Germanic 
precision. You know. borins. 

Do I sound bitter? Perhaps just 
a bit too much bile and spit? Give 
me car chases, give me lCtion. 
give me my MTV. Wrong Trou-
sen. by Nick Park (UK), is a bright 
point (maybe just a dim light). 
The claymation film tells the story 

n. UCSD Guardia 

of Gromit the dog, Wallace the 
eccentric and the mysterious pen-
guin jewel thief. It is entertaining. 
It has lCtion and a chue scene. It is 
good. 

Bliluls~. by Stephan Palmer 
(UK). is intriguing with some good 
traditional. drawn animation that 
depicts a man who awakes to find 
he's blind and must use his other 
senses to survive. Rock, Paper, 
Scissors. by Jeremy Cantor (USA). 
is also a good film that URI 3-D 
computer graphics to show the tri-
als and tribulationa of a love tri-

angle between desktop items. 
A music video with c1aymation 

by Weird Al Yankovic spoofmg 
Jurassic Parle is also part of the 
Festival. The music is there, and 
the claymation kicb butt. Some 
of the other filma juat don't merit 
any attention. How aad. 

So your litting there thinking 
~ guy'lIeally aamall-minded 
idiot who CID't even write. I love 
Spike &: Mike'l FutivGl 0/ Ani-
m4tIon. Aayone who doean't like 
it abouId be abot," The following 
informatioo is for you lemmings 

'I'IuInda"J....,., 1991 

out there. 
TMFutiVGlofAnimIltionopens 

Friday at Sherwood Auditorium in 
downtown La Jolla and runs 
through May 1. Ticke~ ue $7 at 
the box office. Call SSl-9274 for 
the exact abow timea. A1Jo screen-
ing at later times is Spike &: Mike's 
Side "'"' Twisted FutiwJl of Alii-
lMlioft. a 9O-minute tour de force 
of offensive and tuteless films 
probably far superior to the regular 
acrccaiDp. Y cab. 00 out and apeod 
that money now. 

- ..... Ibll.r. 

END WINTER QUARTER ENNUI 
WRITE ABOUT ENTERTAINMENT FOR HIATUS. CALL 534-6583 OR STOP 
BY THE GUARDIAN OFFICES. IT WILL GIVE YOUR EMPTY LIFE NEW MEANING. 

ADMANIA 

Work at m.o.m. or , 
P·O·PI ~ in 194-195 

Applications available now, at M.O.M., with 
referral from the Career Services Center. 

APPLICAnONS 11'1 DUE Wad nil"'" January 28th b,4 pm 

20% 
OFF 

TUESDAYS 
FOR UCSD mJDENTS 

AUO "NIOIlS AND MlLITAIl't 

Thunda" J-...,.,. 20,1993 ...... UCSD Guardian HIATUS S 

'1111 \ W t l K 

today 
Alec Baldwin and Nicole Kidman 
star in the thriller IIIIIIIIce, show-
ing at 6. 9 and 11:30 p.m. in the 
Price Center1beatre. Advance tick-
ets are $1. $2 at the door. Info: 534-
6467. 

G ........ t ....... Lowe will 
play jazz with pianist Mike 
Wofford and bassist Bob 
Magnusson at the Athenaeum in 
downtown La Jolla at 7:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $12. Info: 454-5872. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will feature the Norwegian film 

S"'~directedby Knut 
Erik Jensen, in Mandeville Audi-
torium at 8 p.m. Tickets for stu-
dents are $3. or a student pus for 
all films can be purchued for $25. 
Info: 534-6467. 

friday 
Dottle Erd .... nn. author of 
HaNIs 011 Sculpting. a sculpting 
manual. will talk and give a dem-
onstration at the Bamea and Noble 
Bookstore in Del Mar at 7 p.m. 
Info: 481-4038. 

told 

AND 
The ... DIe&o Youth Sym. 
phony will present "Night in 
Vienna" from 8 p.m. until mid-
night at the Federal Building in 
Balboa Park. Period or costume 
dress is optional. Tickets are $25 in 
advance. The program will repeat 
Saturday at the same time. Info: 
233-3232. 

saturday 
I Mo .... E.th will play with 
Den of ThIeves at Dream Street 
in Pacific Beach at 9 p.m. Tickets 
are $7. Info: 222-8131. 

The U Job Symphony will 
playa "Scotch" symphony under 
the direction of Thomas Nee. Se-
lections by Mendelssohn, Barber 
and nineteenth century American 
composer John Knowles Paine. The 
concert starts at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. and tick-
ets for students are $8. The pr0-
gram will be repeated Sunday at 3 
p.m. Info: 534-4637. 

The San DieSO Opera will present 
J'cbaitoYIty ............. 
• t 7 p.m. in the SaIl DieSO Gvic 
Theatre. Americ:ao Sopraoo Renee 
Fleming will make her San Diego 
debut. TatiaDa IDCI baritone Jef-
frey Ba.ct will aJng the tide role of 
Onegin. ADotberperformance will 
be given Tueaday at 7 p.m. Tickets 

A friend? , .. 
Your sister? .. . 
A co-worker? ... . 

range from $18 to $8.5. Info: 232-
7636. 

monday 

Little Charlie and the 
N .... teats, ..... CIIrtce, 
The ....,.aod Fats ...... 
and AI Blake plays with 
D •• dboIt at the Belly Up Tavern 
in Solana Beach at 5 p.m. Tickets 
are $8. Info: 481-8140. 

tuesday 
Cal-Animage will screen "'on 
Ikkolcu 136, c.t QIrI Nuku 
Nultu 12. ...... of the 
c.b'" ".,... 12 and ,,,. 
..... 8oyCOMfr IJ at7p.m. in 
Solis-107. Admission is free. Info: 
587-4890. 

The famoua chess player is pr0-
filed in the film ... __ 'or 
Bobby "."." which shows in 
the Price Center Theatre at 8 and 
10:30 p.m. TIckets ue $1 in ad-
vance, $2 at the door . 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show the Armenian film 
Cab ..... in Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. TIckets for students 
are S3. or a student pus for all 

., 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
troL pregnancy testing, annual 
exams, testing for sros and 
lllV, or other information con-
cerning your health, know that 
Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

• 

We have 11 
convenient 

locations. 
Call today 

for your next 
appointment. 

211·1711 
We care about 
yourhealtb 
... spread the word. 

films can be purchuod for SlS. 
Info: 534-6467. 

lHt,\IHE 
The Pow., c.ter for .... 
Performlnl Arts: Steven 
Susm's "Sweet, Smart, Rodgers 
and Hart" will run through Jan. 23. 
Performances are at 8 p.m. Thurs-
day through Saturday. with mati-
nees Saturday and Sunday It 2 p.m. 
Info: 1-800-883-PLA Y. 

.... DIe&o Junior Theatre: 
"My One and Only" continues 
through Jan. 23. Performances are 
Friday at 7 p.m. and Saturday and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. at the Casa del 
Prado Theatre in Balboa Park. Tick-
ets range from $5 to $7. Info: 239-
8355. 

San Dle&o Repertory: Jon 
Robbin Baitz's "Three Hotels" 
traces the rise and fall of a busi-
nessman. It runs through Feb. 12 in 
the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
HOrtoD Plaza. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 and 
Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Info: 235-
8025. 

Old Globe Theatre: "Blues in 
the NiShi" by Sheldon Epps pre-
vieWitonightandFridayandopens 
Saturday. The musical will run 
tbrouah Mardi 6. Performanc:ea are 
Tuesday tbrouah Saturday al8 p.m. 
with matinees on Saturday and 
Sunday It 2 p.m. Sunday evening 
performances are at 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $23 to $27. Info: 239-
2255. 

Mu .... m of CantMIponI, 
Ali: The United States premiere 
of "The Hoerengracht, " an exhibit 
by Edward and Nancy Reddin 
Kienholz lbout Amsterdam's red-
light district, will be on display 
through Jan. 20. Gallery hours are 
10 a.m. to.5 p.m. Tuesday through 
Sunday. Info: 234-1001. 

Porter ........ Gdary: Oliver 
Jackson's paintings and sculptures 
will be on display through Feb. 28. 
Jackson is one of the Bay Area's 
most accomplished abstract paint-
ers. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

Mu .... m of Photopaphlc 
Arts: "Howling at the Moon: Ex-
hibitions by Keith Carter and Mario 
Cravo Neto" will be on display 
through March 20. Th~ exhibit 
shows connections between South-
ern and Brazilian culture. Gallery 
hours are IOa.m. to5p.m.Monday 
through Sunday. Admission is $3. 
Info: 239-5262. 

M ..... vIIe a.oIIY: "Mag-
dalena Abakanowicz: Recent 
Worle" will be on display through 
Feb. 27. Abakanowicz is an East-
ern European artist, born in Poland 
in 1930. who bas done outdoor 
sculpture for a number of sites. 
Gallery hours are Tuesday through 
Sunday from noon to 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-2864. 

for tfae iTraditional5trts pnsents 

>t9{g.tiona£ 'Tour 
of q'raditional 
'Banjo S tyCes 

(e"rurins 
SELESHE DAMESSAE, Ethiopian Kr. 

RALPH STANLEY, 81_gr_ 
SUlMUS EGAN, Irish Tenor 

WILL KEYS, Old-Time Two Finger 
CMItou BEST. Melodic 'flddle- Style 

KIIIIC Sum-iIN, C~r 

January 27 • Thursday • &pm 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
GA. $16 • Students $12 • Sr.CI~ $14 
UCSD Box Otftcc • 53<4-6467 



HIATUS 4 

FoDAY MusA 5uso 
Gambian pralM singer 
& oral historian 

Y A.VA. Dw.LO 
master drummer & 
healer from Mall 

HAsSAN HAicMOUH 
MOroccan musklan, 
singer & dancer 

The UCSD Guardian 

Photo courtesy of the Samut! GoIdwyn ComPIfIY 

JAMES MAIcAIUYA Up_" musklln 
ADAM RuDoLPH 

percussionist. USA 

PRODUCEDIY 
THE WORLD MUSIC 

IHSTrTUTE, INC. 

______ fcMurtns music from _____ _ 

Thunday, Junary 20,1993 

FILM 

Tournee 
Collection of short films tries to 

enter mainstream market 
Continued from .,... H1 
holic and quadriplegic. 

Callahan also tries to deal with 
his traumatic experiences under 
the guidance of strict Catholicnuns 
during his youth. His film draws 
from his book Digesting the Child 
Within . 

Other films include The Man 
Who Yelled by New York artist 
Mo Willems, who has written for 
the Nickelodeon cable television 
station and "Sesame Street," 
Gahan Wilson 's Diner and Mike 
Smith ' s Get a Haircut. 

In Words, Words, Words, 
Czechoslovakian animator 
Michaela Pavlatova plays with the 
meaning of words to show that 
emotion is the key to true commu-
nication. 

Of all the films, The Sandnuln 
by Paul Berry, Colin Batty and Ian 
MacKinnon is perhaps the sickest. 
The Sandman is a crude and 

gJoomy portrayal of achild's night-
mare. 

Though Berry' s film is quite 
disturbing, the grotesqueness of 
the characters is odd enough to be 
fascinating. The film unlocks the ' 
fear that we tend to repress. Berry 
was also a collaborator in the Tim 
Burton-inspired film Night11UJre 
Before Christ11UJs, 

Though each film has its own 
impact, what is common to all is 
the attempt to advance into a main-
stream market. The Tournee sup-
ports innovative animation and is 
trying to appeal to a growing audi-
ence. 

The International Tournee of 
Ani11UJtion opens tomorrow at the 
Ken Cinema in Kensington and 
runs through Feb. 3. Tickets are 
$6.50. For information on 
showtimes and directions, call 
283-5909. 

-V ............ 

A .... trophobIc wonder of childhood terror crutecI with 
.top.motIon ..................... ., conc:eIYed pu ....... , Paul......,.. n.. .."."." ... nom ........ for _ Aclldemy 
A ...... 

THE 

• 

u.tsAII: GAMBIA • MOROCCO • UGANDA • MALI 
~ February 6 • Sunday • 8pm 

Mon.-1hun. 6-9 pm • Sat 124 pm • Sun. 11-2 ancI2J30.513O pm 

,.. UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
r;c;D1~ CLA. $1'. It. $11 .. 
EwNmS::snv ~~"~~'7 ta, ___ 

Call 535-1433 for men info 
01_711 UrMniIy c..., 2nd 1Iaar, 

(abcwt 0uIbacIt~, Wind ... .., Visual Am Building, 
... 10 FifIh CoI.ge) 10 fit out an ~io .. 1 

ThW'lday, January 20,1993, The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

FILM 

In the Name of the Father 
Daniel Day-Lewis and Emma Thompson star in film about political injustice 

By Ca,. Udell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Once again, the injustice of Brit-
ish history has provided the founda-
tion for a great film. Director Jim 
Sheridan, who explored social issues 
in the films My Left Foot and The 
Field, has accepted another challenge 
in retelling a horrify ing tale. 

In The Name of The Father (nomi-
nated for four Golden Globe Awards) 
starring Daniel Day-Lewis, Pete 
Postlethwaite and Emma Thompson, 
recounts the experience of Gerry 
Conlon, a young man in Belfast who 
was unjustly convicted by the British 
government for the Guildford Pub 
bombings in 1975. The horrific out-
come of these false accusations (af-
fecting many Irish citizens) resulted 
in 15 years of imprisonment. 

Courtesy of Jonatllin Hession 

under the British occupation of North-
em Ireland in the 1970s, While the 
tension between the Irish Republican 
Army and British authorities reached _. 
a climax during that time, similar 
conflicts continue today. The film 
doesn' t try to show all the corruption 
and suffering that has taken place 
since the ' 70s, but by focusi ng on one 
individual's story and his peripheral 
relations, Sheridan succeeds in giv-
ing a descriptive account of a fairly 
long period of time. 

Besides the political events on 
which this film focuses, the father-
son relationship of Gerry Conlon 
(Day-Lewis) and Giuseppe Conlon 
(Postlethwaite) is also emphasized. 
This estranged relationship is appar-
ent at the onset of the film, and as the 
political tension surrounding the char-
acters rises, so does the strain be-In' The Name of The Father por-

trays one record of what occurred . Gerry ...... Day-Lewla' rec:eIY_cau ..... from hlaattorney (Emmll Thompson'. See NAME, page H6 

To Save $5 AtTravelodge: 
Please Cut Here 

'Art Majors 
Please Cut Here 

r-- - .::. - - - - --', ::< Get out your 
" .... --~~~ r -I scissors,pocket I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

" Our Friends \ knife, nail clippers •. 

" 

From UCSD,' I whatever, and cut 
_, I Save $5 With ~\ lout this coupon, 
.~I" This Coupon. ", I tuck it in your" 

, You must present this coupon at check-in. , wallet, purse, or 
, Advance rese~tIons required, I I 

, Offer not valid with any other offers. , bac.kpack. and 
, Offer valid through June 30, 1994 I I then use it to 

, at par1i~ti,. Tr-.YeIodges. , 

t 
I 

I , I save five dollars 
I " _---, on Travelodge's 

, --- 'I , , already affordable 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

op' ,~~ I room rates. It'll 
, _---- I come in handy for 

I ,- a weekend trip, or 
" For Reservations Call: " I during break, or 
, 1-800-578-7878, I when friends and 
• , I family come to 
I ~ , ... town to visit you. 
I ~"I ~ I And right now at ~_STAY SATISFIED J;o I Traveiodge.you'll 

... " , I find special new \ i .. ~, services like free ~ I ~ .... -' _ J fresh..brewed in-
I ..... 1 room coffee and 
:, I tea, a free news-
,,-----, I papertopickup 

in our lobby, no 
I access charges for 
I long distance calls, 

and more. So cut L..s.! !,Y_ S~.!!..S! !.E..D _ J out for a stay at Travelodge soon. 

ALL-You-CAN-EAT 
HaUSE BuFFE't 

- S.lad Bu 
- Chow Mlill - Soup of the o.y 

- Rout Chick.. -BroccaU B •• f - B-B-O Rib. 
- Spaghetti - Sweet l Sour Pork - Rout Bftf IM- NIfMaII 
- Chicku Caccietan - Egg Ralls - Terrlyaki Wiap 
- Babel Filla - Kug Po Ch1cka - Tlco Bar , _d _n 

~------------------~ 
: 10Dfo OFr S'= ...... : L __________________ ~ 

DuaIN Hauu: Pacific s.cb 
2662 Buut, 1 ....... 111-5 rI2-1711 



( . 

HIATUS 6 

NAME: Film 
shows Irish SUfferin~' 
Continued from ...,. HI 
tween them. 

Day-Lewis, as he did' with th 
character of Christy Brown (M 
Left FOQt), gives aconvincingper. 
formance as the rebellious son who 
initially clashes with his father but 
eventually comes to admire and 
defend him. Introduced as a youth 
still discovering himself amidst 
Irish turmoil, Gerry grows up 
quickly uOIh r the ceilings of the 
courtroom and prison. Struggling 
with the system and simulta-
neously attempting to reach out to 
his misled son, Giuseppe must 
grapple with his role as a victim 
and his paternal responsibility. 

Although not extremely well-
known to the American public, 
Postlethwaite creates a firm back-
bone for the film. His overall pres-
ence and unrelinquishing fight for 
freedom reverberate throughout. 
The threats against his father ulti-

mately convince Geny to conf .. 
to crimes he did not commit, and 
he eventually fights to clear his 
father's name. Although Thomp-
son recently received a Golden 
Globe nomination for her role as 
Conlon's legal counsel, 
Postlethwaite's more demanding 
performance should not be over-
looked. 

In The Name of The Father 
abbreviates a vast amount of his-
torical information but powerfully 
depicts an individual's story of 
suffering and triumph. The events 
which concluded with the convic-
tion of the "Guildford Four" rep-
resent one case out of the many 
others taking place throughout 
Britain during the '70s. As experi-
enced and remembered by survi-
vor Gerry Conlon, this film ex-
plores Irish political and familial 
relationships and the internal 
strength necessary to survive. 

In The Name of The Father 
opens tomorrow at theaters 
tbroughout San Diego. 

Hession 
Giuseppe (Pete Postlethwaite) Is helped by his son 
Gerry (Daniel D.,·Lewls) In In the fUme of the Father. 

The UCSD Guanti.a TI ... nday. Juuary 26,1993 ' 

MUS I C 

No Alternative 

By David Snow 
Senior Staff Writer 

Most albums created for char-
ity end up both uninspired and 
unmemorable. Perhaps it bas to do 
with the fael that musicians are 
asked to write songs for a certain 
occasion instead of writing in ran-

dom moments when inspiration 
strikes. 

No Alternotive, however, re-
tains remarkable freshness despite 
its contrived nature. Proceeds from , 
the album go to AIDS research, so 
the motive for its creation is 
unarguably valuable. Of question-
able value, however, are a number 
of the songs that make up the col-
lection. 

All the artists contributing to 
the effort were apparently as-
sembled because of their loose 
affiliation with a type of music 
dubiously referred to as "alterna-
tive." At least the liner notes begin 
by declaring that alternative mu-
sic does not exist as a category. 
Then the notes say something 
about how these artists speak for 
their generation. Let's hear the 
music first. ' 

At worst, some of the songs are 
one-idea tunes. It seems as if some 

Various artists 

Because of the cause for 
which the album was created, a 
sense of brooding and sadness 
underlies most songs. But in a 
couple of tracks, the songs suc-
ceed in being uplifting and mel-
ancholy at the same time. Bob 
Mould, of Husker Du fame, 
lends his incredible songwriting 
abilities to the effort and sounds' 
positively BeatJesesque on his 
"Can't Fight It." 

of the bands came across a semi- But the song worth the price 
good riff, and said, "hell, go with of the album is Sarah 
it, "writing a whole song around it. Mclachlan's "Hold On, "which 
A profit motive might have led deserves to makes it big on the 
bands sucb as Buffalo Tom and radio. It cannot be overempha-
Uncle Tupelo to develop better sized how damn beautiful this 
songideas. We also find Goo Goo song is. 
Dolls and Soundgarden doingcov- The slow, booming sound 
ers of songs that sounded better in production is haunting, and her 
the original version. voice approaches the ethereal. 

But a number of outstanding Apparently, the loss of a friend 
tracks save the a16um from be- is a subject she is intimately 
coming a classic charity case. familiar with, and it shows in 
American Music Club, with its her powerful delivery. She 
"All Your Jeans Were Too Tigbt," , sings, "Now you're sleeping 
does a cool talk/sing reverb- peaceful/I lie awake and pray/ 
drenched number that any hipster That you'll be strong tomor-
would be proud to have in his or row/And we'll see another day 
her collection. Smashing Pump- and we'll praise iI/And love the 
kins lend its strange beauty to the light that brings a smile across 
collection with "Glynis." your face." 

Can you spot the 
peSI etnployee 
in this picture? 

PBSI· 

}OU con't? TIw's because there om/'r tIIry. PCSI 
employees stand ou/.in a crorrod. They are sujXrior 
in lheir fold. They don't joUorzo the masses, they -
kad litem. If you're IIw I'JIX oj indiWIual, lhen 
you, too, flPiU stand OUI flPith our tolmud /eom 
lhol's developing and implnnmting the latestlech-
niques in ulecomtllll11icotions. Since our jounding 
seven years ago, Pacific Communicotion Scimas, 
Inc. (peSI) Ms adtieved prominence in 0_ 
vm7e1y oj orros "101M to lhe technologies oj com-
municating balh Itumon speech and compUier dolO 
in lhe mosl4ftciml rmys possibk. 

PCSl is a Son /NgrJ-bosed compmry conveniently 
100000d in lhe /tigh uclt SOrrmlO Meso oren. Our 
employees and tecltnolog;y help 10 deulop on 
n,rvironmmtllw is jost-poad, dynamic and 
stimulating. 

mare looking forward 10 meeting EEs 
and CS's al all degree levels who consider 
themselves exceptional 100. PCS! repre-
sentalives will be on campus J%dnesday, 
FelJrruJry 2 10 discUS3 existing aflll future 
caner opportM"itin with you. Cheelt ",;th 
your career urvice$ office to ""'e a" 
appointfllnet aflll thnt decide fw J'Oflrul/ if 
,.., 'd lije to rvorjo aIortt M' tM lint iff the 
iruJflSlry. Eq.oI Opportllllity &tp!oyn-/SmoII-
Ftw E1IVirrJlrmw. 

. ,. 

Tbunday, January 20, 19M The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

BRIANK. 

HUTTO 
Preserve 
All-Mighty 
Madden 

NAJA Vanguards Manhandle UCSD 
Far be it from a lowly sports 

enthusiast such as myself to 
question the irrefutable 
gridiron guru, John Madden, 
but hasn't this All-Madden 

NO CONTEST: Over-
matched Tritons succumb 
to Southern California 
College Vanguards, 79·54 

Team stuff gone just a little bit By Aron Mille, 
overboard? Associate Sports Editor 

During the All-Madden The UCSD women's basketball 
birthing stage, Madden filled team has had to deal with the agony 
perhaps 15 minutes of the of losing game after game by less 
halftime of an NFC game, than a three-
describing in all its glorious point margin 
detail his selections for the all season long. 
prestigious team. A win at NAJA 

His diatribes included the powerbouse 
exploits of somebody like So!lthem Cali-
Chicago wide receiver Tom fornia College 
Waddle, a man with no speed would have 
and probably less athletic talent been instant 
than a professional bowler, therapy for the 
who made these incredible Tritons. 
receptions after being left high Instead, the 
and dry over the middle of the Van g u a r d s 
field in the dead of winter and (15-3) blew 
in the midst ofa blizzard. UCSDoutoftbebuilding, 79-54. At 

Of course, Waddle was least it wasn't an excruciatingly close 
mashed into a thousand pieces loss. 
by some bruising middle The bottom line for San Diego 
linebacker, who at the very (6-9) in this contest was its inability 
moment of impact was praising to find the bucket. The Tritons 
the almighty football deities for baven't been a very effective team 
the early Christmas gift Mr. trom the perimeter throughout the the II lei 
Brilliant Quarterback offered year, but against sec they couldn't Quaid Sa,. M .... ccHed the Tritons with 10 poInta, but hit only tliree of lllhota from •• 
by cbucking the ball 10 feet have hit water if they had fallen out Coach Judy Malone said. "We "They're a much better team than f f bo t ing scorer and rebounder, couldn't 
into the air in the direction 0 0 a a . he If Wh stopped all of their offensive op- last year. This is the firsttime they've d I · doll UCSD was also matched up guard them all by rse. en fi Th ' 
an unprotecte eaplng rag . Beaver was struck with early foul tions, except when they pounded it beaten us in Ive years. ey ve 

In the aftermath, Waddle against a Vanguard team that played h d d'ffi I inside. Without [Beaver] in there, pumped a lot of money into their 
. I ho' ted ff th four six-foot players at one time. trouble, the Tritons a I ICU ty If I dth 10u'mes 

was graciOUS y IS 0 e , I " they were shooting right over our program. wep aye em , 
. h full And the Tritons' tallest player, 6'3" stopping SCC sow-post ouense. be II 10 f " 

field In a stretc er y "We played well," UCSD Head defenders." they'd at us a Imes. ped 
. h 0 . IV center Lisa Beaver, also their lead- . d" d I b for 

equip Wit a oWlDg . The first half saw the Vanguards The In IVI ua num ers 
But he had caught the ball for a jump out to a comfortable double- UCSD: junior Michelle Henricks, 
huge gain of six yards. digit lead, thanks in part to a 46 one for 11 shooting, four points; 

His brains were splattered percent shooting effort. see also junior Sara Mease, three for 11 
all over the field, his bones hit nine of 10 free throw attempts. shooting; freshman Sarah Schneider, 
mangled into a pile of dis- Meanwhi Ie, UCSD threw up one for four shooting, two points; 
carded waste and blood would brick after brick, amassing an unim- freshman Amy Frazen, one for six 
be oozing out of every orifice pressive 33 percent performance shooting, two points. 
in his body. No matter, he had during the first 20 minutes. The Van- UCSD ended up making only 
caught tbe ball. guards led, 35-23, at the half. 31.7 percent of its shots and was 

And John Madden beamed The second stanza proved no bet- out-rebounded 49-40. 
the smile of an elated child just ter for UCSD. Its shooting percent- OfUCSD's nine losses, five have 
offered the keys to Toys R' Us age sunk to even lower levels (30 come against highly-ranked NAIA 
each time he disclosed a percent) and Beaver could do little schools. Combine that with the fact 
candidate for his prestigious about it, sitting on the bench much that the Tritons have lost almost all 
All-Madden Team. of the time with four fouls. of their contests by 10pointsoriess, 

He recruited the meanest, With Beaver nol on the Ooor, it's apparent thai UCSD has had 
toughest, bloodiest monsters of San Diego's low-post defense more than its share of hard luck. 
the turf to man his fantasy lagged. The towering sec offense "I think I have to evaluate 
squadron of football's elite converted its share of uncontested whether or not we should be playing 
version of the dirty dozen. shots, making the most of the many so many top NAJA schools next 

And the mesmerized opportunities it had to score. season," Malone Mid. "We do well 
audience grunted its approval. All in all, it wasn't that ugly ofa againsl most of our Division III com-
Hit 'em. Yeah, hit 'em again, showing for UCSD. In a nutshell, petition." 
he's still standing. We loved the Tritons were in over their heads Freshman point guard Cindy 
John Madden and his proper against a squad like the Vanguards. Yamasaki led the Tritons with 10 
sense of priorities. 'Ibis is "[sec was] just a bigger and points and three assists. Beaver was 
football, damn it, and we like better team," Malone admitted. held to only nine points. 

See MADDEN, Pace 13 Forward T .... OvIatt ...... five poII:Int:Ia:.!_=~"'~:b:"":d~"=,:,:rebcM="':""':====.~~~~~~===:=:::::==.:~=.:::====== ==""'..;.;;,:,..;....,.,=T,;.,.,H,..;;;E;...,W"""'E=E=K=A=H=E"""A~D""""""'~~= JOKES, QUOTES AND ANDECDOTES 
... • ........ 1 

Fri., Jan. 21, lit Menlo College. 7:30 p.m. 
Sat., Jan. 22, lit Dominican Collace, 7:30 p.m. 

W •• I .. '.. hi"' •• : 
FrI., Jan. 21, III Chapman University, 7:30 p.m. 

Sat., Jan. 22 VI. Whtttfer CoItece lit Main Gym, 7 p.m • 
•• 1 ' ....... ,. 

Sat., Jan. 22, va. Industry HIIII III Canyonyiew Pool, 11 a.m. 
SIIt . .sun., Jan. 22-23. III UCLA Cup (DMIlC>, 10 a.m • 

.. '., ..... 
Sun., Jan. 23, VI. USD lit Aleela Park, 9 8.m • 

.------ . - ~---

FI5UIE SKATING-
EQUI,..,. CHE'OC-
LIST (IEWLY Rev,s) @SkATtS 



10 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD GuardiaD 

\\\01 \11 'IF\I~ 
BEADED JEWELRY by KRIS 
KREATIONS .vallable .t GENERAL , 
STORE CO-OPI All h.ndmade .nd 
designed by UCSD artIetl Check It out 
ASAP. CuIeom orders aIIo 1IV8i1able. Caft 
Kria at 452-384 7! (1/10-1124) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Whale Watchlngl Wllh Ihe 
Internallon.1 Club on J.n . 22. Call 
Is $10 for adults, $6 for children . 
Meel at 12:30p.m . • t Internatlon.1 
Center for carpools . Sign-up at Inl'l 
Center by Jan . 19. (1/18-1/20) 

INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE: NCR 
and Hewlett Packard h.ve e.rly 
deadlines , 10 apply today . PC 
2.308. 534-4689. (1/18-1/20) 

Preparing for the GRE, GMAT, LSAT or 
MCA T7 Corne and take a frM practice 
test on 1/22 with the PrInceton RevIew. 
Call 558-0500 for information and 
reservations. (1/18-1120) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Fairmair's .....•. ..•... .....•.. 222-0220 
ActIon Thrtft, 1-5 at Clairemont Dr. 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza ......... .. ......... 455-0662 
Domino's .........•....... .. ... 452-UCSD 
Greek Cuisine ... .. ......... 558-7n1 
H .... Kichen .... ... ..... ... 274-8084 
Just Bean Counters ..... 587-1228 
Khaloon Persian Cuisine .. 459-4016 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
Milagro Bean Co ...... .... 450-2128 
Papachino' . ..... ... .. ... .... 546-7666 
Yaklmono ......... ............ 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto .... ......... 695-1990 
Robert's .......... .............. 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mach ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Creative Cuts ............... 530-0590 
Young Altitudes ........... 457·3334 
We Care Hair ..... .. ..... ... 587·CUTT 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
lint ilt I ( •• ,,111 "I"'!! 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care .... .. ..... ... ..... 226-1733 
Tan 4 Less ................... 455·0909 
Tan Diego .................... 459-0189 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 
UC Cyclery ............. ...... 452-8842 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
CIaIsicaI Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. SeI)y, 0 .0 .............. 578-6796 
San Diego Optometry .. 571-2081 

I . UCSD MUSIC 
co Soundl .. ................. 578-3472 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
UCSDTRAYn 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSDCOPIEI 
Cal Copy ..... .. ............... 452-9949 
Kinko's ............. ............ 457-3775 
Zabra Copy .................. 457-1007 

UCSDTElnNG 
Hypertearnlng ............... 455-1000 
Stanley Kaplan ........ .. ... 277-6744 
MCAT Review .............. 456-5656 

UCSDNIGHTS 
Coyote'. Live ............... 279-UVE 
5 W. Nightcllb ............ 736-1889 
La JoIa Elrewing Co ..... 458-BREW 
P. B. BrewhouIe .......... 274-ALES 

UCID ETC. 
St. Germain' ................ 455-1414 
NecIIr Surf , Sport ........ 753-8088 
Bob DIMs c.n.ra ......... 4S8-1355 
UpIown Produc:tiolw ....... 568-2805 

Classified advertising is sold in I5-word incremenIs. The rate per 15 wonts- is $1 for 
students (for personill use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads tmm be mailed with a check (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presenJed in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hursday for Monday~ 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for 1hursday~ issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caU534-54I6.Mailingaddress: UCSD Guardian,Attn: Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, 0 9»J3~316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

PICK UP THE GUARDIAN at Iha 
Rathskeller. (1120) 

INTERNSHIPS In NY and WuhIngton, 
D.C. are now available. New .BIsII.Iblk; 
(D.C.), U.S. Supreme Court Judlcl.1 
Internship (D.C.). .nd American 
Asaoclatlon of AdvertIsing Aganclea have 
e.rly de.dllnel. Apply today. Alia 
available are Intemahlpa In SF, LA, and 
Sacramento. A number of companlea 
have early deadH~, 10 come In today. 
PC 2.308. 534-4889. (1/18-1120) 

Be a Student HeaIIh Advocate In 19941 
95! Anend a mandatory orientation: 
Tuesday 1125194, 3:00-4:00p.m. DaviI-
River.lde Room, Prica Center or 
Wednesd.y 1/28/94, 5:oo-6:oop.m. 
Student Health lobby. Information: 534-
1824. (1/20-1124) 

E\I PI'( n .\1 E:yr 
ATTENTION: STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING II now hiring branch 
oper.torl for the summer of '94. E.rn 
up to $15,000 and get the bUllne .. 
eICperlence of a lifetime. Call 1-800-
955-7557 . POlltions filling flllt 
Ihroughoul C.llfornla. (1/10-3/1 0) 

Earn up to $1,000 every time someone 
recelvea • MIP Refund. Send for FREE 
information. No experIer.ce Necessary. 
Im.m.tIonM 57 GrMntrM Drive, Suite 
307. Dover, Delaware 19901 . (1/3-2/15) 

Part-time TRAVEL ASSISTANT. Council 
Travel. UCSD Price Canter. Paid training. 
Apply in person. No phon. calls pleasel 
(1 /10-1120) 

Sales-marketing; full or part time. Sporta 
and nutrition related. Excellent earning 
potenlial. Call Mike al 453-8029 for 
additional information. (1/10-3/10) 

ATTENTION: foreign sludents from 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, 
and New Zealand. Excellent business 
opportunity in your counlry. For 
information call 453-8029. Ask for Mike. 
(1/10-3/10) 

Secretary - Solana Beach attorney. Word 
Perlect. Friday $8.00Ihr. F1eICibIe hours. 
Mr. AuerbIIIch. 251 ... 333. (1/13-1/24) 

:-~-~;_-:.-;;;a-i 
rJ(.iV~ .• ~: 

DESIGN 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

I · 
I 
I 
I 
I I AcIOSS II"", M..,n Thcatcl 41&-0420 
I DEL MAR HIGHlANDS Nc't to Wl1elcno"sc 792·8131 
I 
I 
I 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
Next to VOIlS 274-2600 

OPEN 7 DAYS I NO APf'OtImIIlNT NECESSARY 
L MANICURIST AVAIUIILl .J 
--------

WANTED: Babysitter, Del M.r .rea. 
1-2 d.y. per _ek; Terrie, 782-8582; 
reference •. (1/18-1120) 

NEED MONEY? JUDGE GYMNASTICSI 
Average $1SJ1v by judging high IChooI 
meets. GymnaticI pPeriela pret.rrwd 
and own traneportatlon neceeaary. WlI 
train. Cal Nina by Jan. 31st. 457-7587. 
(1/18-1127) 

Wanted: R8IpOnIIbIe pet'IOI"I for pertodIc 
babysitting In La Jolla home for two 
children, ages 2 and 4. $7.!5OtMur. Send 
brief note deIcrtbIng past babysitting 
8lIp8riera, and a phone number to D. 
Robertson, t383 Towne Centre DrIve, 
Sutie 100, San 0ieg092121. (1/18-1127) 

Dllabledfwmale.nomey needlpart-time 
(Tuesdays and ThurIdayI) individual to 
aidatdelk. HourI .. ea.m.-7p.m. Dulles 
IncMIe filing, 0CC8IicIMI bookkHplng, 
aaIItance at court, good g_ and 
pundUation skill, knowledge of Word 
PerMd 5.1, good halldwriIIIlQ and ability 
to stand for Iongperiodl of time. Requlrw 
the abIIy to drlw • VItI - IUtomdc 
transmIsaIon. P1eeM cal Roberta at a. 
3574. (1/18-1/20) 

The nallon'.le.t prep le.der .eeks 
energetic, enlhull •• tlc, hlOh 
leo ring MCAT In.tructor •. Call 558-
0500 . (1118-1120) 

New pubfiahing company needs 111 year 
mad. IIUdant for 2 hours work. Great 
PAY. Cal (313) 789-2620. (1/18-1124) 

ATTENTION ENTREPRENEURS. 
Straight · A' Painters Is now hiring branch 
manager. PfT spring, FfT summer. 
Responlibllitie. include hiring 10-15 
ernpioyeellrnark~andcuatomer 
salilfactlon. Alleratge earnings $12k, top 
10% S25k. CALL NOW 1-800-400-9332. 
JOIN OUR TEAMI (1/18-2/3) 

University Canters hal PT opening for 
maintenance II1II. $7. SO". Job 1901 .489. 
Pleale get referral from Part Time 
Employment. (1120) 

Eam extra money In new elq)8ndlng 
anvironmantally conecIous company. PT/ 
FT w/~ oppoI1unltlel. WIll tnIIn. Cal 
for 1nte!vIew. 558-1612. (1120) 

SUCCESS. 
GET AN EDGE OM 
COLLEGE EXPENSES. 

The Army can help 
you get an edge on college 
expenses in just two years. 

When you enlist and 
qualify for a certain skill. 
you could become eligible 
for the Montgomery GI Bill 
Plus the Army College 
Fund. That means you could ' 
earn $20.000 for college 
with a two-year enlistment 

. -\rId the Army "ill give 
you another edge. too. You 'll 
develop the self-discipline, 

self~on.fidence and maturity 
you 11 need to succeed in 
college. 

Find out more about 
how you can get $20.000 for 
college in just two short 
years_ Call your local Army 
Recruiter for more infor-
mation today. 

(6 I ')569-7878 
ARMY. 

I. ALL 101 CAN 81: 

CapItol Records IIlnlel'lll I d In San DIego. 
Cal usll-8C)()-FLD-MKTG. (1/20-1124) 

IDA Inter IIIIIioII8I -lucaly b..ad owttlting 
org.nlzatlon-elCpandlng, looking for 
Itudents Interested In busl_ self-
ownership. 491 -2485. (1120) 

GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY. 
Jewtsh oo-ed residential camp aeeks 
coun.elora .nd speclall.t.. C.pit.1 
CampI, IocIded In the beUlful CatoctIn 
MounIaIne, one hour from Washington, 
D.C. otr.ra tennis, __ 1pOfII. MI, 
video, gymnaaticI, radio, phoIogtaphy, 
outdoor acMnture, field IpOfII and much 
more. If you .re Interested In the 
chalangea and IIICCitement of working 
with campara In grBIMII 3-10, _ want 
your on 0\1' tearn. Good ....... and 
grealfunl OIM'dIrectora wtlbe on campus 
on February 4. For more information and 
an appoInImenI, cal1 .... ?13-1245. (1/ 
20-1127) 
Aspen Gr __ has. part-time ..... 
nllUklting poIiIIon available. Fraternity/ 
SororIty member with reIaI uperIence 
preferred. EIIC8IIent pay plan. (800) see-
9327. AlII for Joe Jr. (1120) 

FOH ~ \I.E 
Guitar: AcoulUc .tael .trlng. Full 
Ilze. Perfect condition $75. 588-
7928. (1/10-1/24) 

Solomon SX81 Performance ski boota. 
Great condition. Woman'. shoe lize 8-8. 
Bestofler. Andrea 452-8878. (1/10-1120) 

STAY PROTECTED with a Personal 
Attack Alarm. Chooee between diflerent 
styles and colors and carry It with you 
wherever you go. Pricel range from 
$33.00-142.00. Cell Ame at 517-0585. 
(1/13-2/7) 

Gray '85 Nluan 200SX. $1 ,100 abo. Call 
452-&488. (1/13-1/31) 

1488 SX25w/monltor, ell1. modem, 170 
meg + 40 meg. H.rd drlvM, MS Word 
6.0, 4meg RAM, loaded w/program •. 
Brien @ 585-7745 .nytlme. $1300.00 
abo. iI113-1120) 

BIanchI ". 12...., racing bicycle. Goes 
fast, worb gr ... $140 abo. 558-6053. 
(1/13-1127) 

Off·whlte couch with lot. of over 
.Ize pillow.' $75 abo. C.II Selen. 
at 825·0717. (1/13-1/20) 

240SX wheel. for .... , Four orlgln.1 
wheel. for only $100 abo. Selen. 
825-0717. (1/13-1120) 

1987 Jeep Cherokee, PS, PB, r.ck. 
.utom.tlc, tlnteef wlndowl, 
excellent condition, $7,300 obo, 
453-1255. (1/13-1127) 

But t.donJoftbeWonl, and net 
_I'M only, deaWt", yrMrMws. 

.~':D 

nunday, Jan....., 20, 1994 

2 RulhTlcllala,2118:00p.m., S.D. Sporta 
AIwIa$25I11Ct1. Cal ShannonIl25-2458. 
(1/18-1120) 

1887 Hond. Elite Scooter 80cc. 
Very rell.ble. Call Ben 455·8825 
1480. (1118-1/20) 

8'2 McElroy surfboard. Clean, well 
cared for. Good board to learn on. 
$85. 782-0820, Dave. (1/18-1/31) 

Mac Plus: 4MB RAM. 20 MB HD, 
Trackball/Fan, lmagewrn.r H. Original 
owner. $460. 457-8870. (1/18-1/27) 

Surfbo.rd 8'2, good .h.pe. GOIN 
Oe.lgnl. Port.,. Surf Shop. SIS obo. 
.(1/18-1/20) 

1968 'WI Red ~ Pun Out AM/FM 
Stereo, sun roof, 8lCC8IIent condition, 74k 
mllee. 889-1258. (1/20) 

STEREO SYSTEM - CD, dual C8IMIbt, 
turntable, tuner, speakera, more. Asking 
$275. Cal Dena 457-1338. (1120) 

Muter bedroom w/ bath In beaulllul apt. 
DI.hw •• her, I.undry, .11 .menltle •. 
Secure. GREAT ROOMMATEI Ellene 
453-1183. (1/6-1/31) 

Room for rent In Univ. City house. 10 
minute. from UCSD. $210.00 + 1/6 
utilitle • . QUiet, ha. w .. her and dryer. 
For 2 ma""em.le. C.II 825-0326. 
Fort, Lila, Stu.rt, or Ralph. Available 
Nowl (1/10·1/20) 

3 BR/2 SA condo, cIoIe to UCSO, 1IYiI. 
now, clean, low rant. Cell Ruban @ 458-
5880 (D), 874-11184 (N). (1/10-1120) 
UTC, 2 bed. , I .5ba. oondo. GIntga. balcony, 
pool. ,.... buIIIne, IhapprIQ. $74&\'110. Cal 
>CIng 54&0888 (1/1~ 1120) 

FumIIhed~Rd. 2bdr./1ba., 
balcony. $875.00. (819)481 -I 198or(714) 
779-0640. (1/10-1127) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-UCSO Staff 
.nd Student DISCOUNTS. Gre.t 
fln.nclng. Near UCSD. l,2br. 
1120,000'1+ & 3bra $ISO,OOO+. Condoa 
to luxury ho_HIVing La Jolla, Univ. 
City, Mira Meta, Del Mar, PacIfIc ech, 
Cialremoni. Need to SELL. _ what 1 I 
YEARS EXPERIENCE can dol RE/Max 
AaIOc. Judith Haddox, Realtor. 619-275-
2618. (1/13-2/3) 

La Jolla Int'l Garden. Master Bedroom/ 
own bath $418.88 + deposit + 1/2 utility. 
Near UTC + UCSD. Cable TV. Pl1IhIrred 
student, non-.moker, M/F. Conlact 
RobertlSuaan. 457-3037. (1/13-1120) 

Pacific Beach large master bedroom! 
private bath and balcony. $475/1ing1e 
$237.5OIdouble. Huge backyard. Rachel 
270-5427. (1/13-1/27) 

2 Bedroom condo, 1.25 bath, La Jolla 
Colony, 1850, view, w •• her/dryer. 
581-4188. (1/13-1120) 

The VIllas: Privala RocIrnIBdI for NnlIn 
2bedroomepartmenl. 3m1eafrom UCSO, 
behind UTC. Fumllhed ..,.rtrnent wit! 
washerldryer, pool, gated parking,'" 
c:enw. ~lmOker.138O + depoIII and 
1/3 utilities. Caft 452..... (1/13-1/31) 

RClOh'I~I""'--' OIIMIr, 1 
bIoc:IIlDb-=tI. ",condo.lo42Oown-. 
1/3 ~ $8OO .... lmIINd. No..., 
~nolooll.27U5c.ninoDel"" . ." 
or 0wiI7'II2-t158. (1/13-1120) 

ScrIppe Ranch HOME TO SHARE 4 tw, 
2.5 baIhI spa. quIet~aeaJng. eunny 
pdo I8CIuded & prIvIta $400 per mo. 
895-8462. (1/13-1/20) 

Thunday, January 20,1994 

Roommate wanted: own bedroom. wI 
d, deluxe entertainment syetem; $355 
mo + 1/3 utilltl .. ; T.r ... ·452-3715 or 
454-4070. (1/13-1/31) 

Room for Rent: Own room In large 
home ne.r UCSD. Furnl.hed, pool, 
peta OK, $340 + 1/1 utll. Call Harvey 
or Olver. 453-3814. (1/13-1/24) 

UNIVERSIlYCITY. UTCAREA.1arge2-
story holM 4bIrma, 2.WA, LA. FR, 
DR, tnpIace, garIIge, $1175 IncIucIeI 
gardeI ..... Cal 1588-21 00, pMI . ."...,... 
(1/13-1120) 

W.nted: M/F non-.moker to sh.re 
HIIIcrHt apI. Own room, $285 + 1/3 
utHItI.a. $150 .ecurlty depo.lt. 
DIIhwaher, an-... laundry, 15 min walk 
from UCSO Medlcel Center 1hutIIe. No 
peta. JapaMIe and EngUah apoken. 
Available Feb. 1. Cal 298-3851 or mall 
mInk@tcp.oom. (1/13-1120) 

RENT FAEE. Sh.re 2BR/2 Battl La 
Jolla Condo (2 block. from beach) In 
eICchange for mlnlm.1 care of bl·poI.r, 
diabetic grllClu.te etudent. Seeking 
mature, responsible perean. 458-1086. 
(1/1G-1/20) 

AOOMMATEWANTED IMMEDIATELYI 
Own room In 3 bedroom condo. 
W .. herlDryer, pool, gym. No.moldng. 
$3IO/month + 1/3 utllItIM. 457-1148. 
(1/18-1/24) 

ROOMMATE NEEDEDI CI.lremont, 
washer, dryer, quiet neighborhood. 

~ Ytew of Bay. $3751month + 
depoeIt + uIMiIs. WF. BrIan,AIan. Ramen 
273-8311. (1/18-1/27) 

LOOK! Roommate wanted to share vety 
ra 2 bed. + 2 bath. IIj)IIIIment 5 min. 
1IrMt. Femalewho Ie etudIouI bulfrlllndly. 
$450-$550 + 112 utlitlel. Call Molly at 
550-8072. (1/18-1120) 
Room for renlln I.rge family home. 
Walking dl.tance from UCSD. Low 
rent In exchange for driving. Kitchen 
privilege., non-.moker, femala. 
535-1108. (1/18·1/20) 

Roomm.te wanted for CLEAN Unlv. 
City house. M/F. Own bedroom. 
Wa.her/Oryer . Futon + Fr.me 
Ivallable. $315 + 1/5 utll. Good .tudy 
environment. c.n MicheHe or Hayes 
587-9287. (1/13-1/24) 

UNIYERIITYCfTYI2II. Female needed 
for own room In nice house. Patio, piano, 
cable TV, waher/dryer, 12 minutes to 
UCSO. NolmOkera, pets, or drugs pIeue. 
Call Mark or Agnes 534-2391 or 534-
3383 (~). (1/18-1120) 

Greatl Cheapl Fully fumlshed condol 
S345/monthl UTC area. Call Jason for 
Info. 858-0255. (1/18-1120) 

Solana Ba.ch. Roommate w.nted 
1mmedIaIeIy. (2-1-94). U~ to 
.... with -V going __ 1IUdenl 2 
linn 1.5 bath townhcue. ~, 1/ 
2 utIIItIea. L.amdry, pool, cable. No pels, 
cal Lucy 783-0385. (1/20-1124) 

DEL MAR BEACH CWB.lIIIe lingle In 
3BRI2BA oondo on the beach. $385Imo. 
+ 1/3 uti. SaM 234-2822. (1120-1/24) 

LIve at the beIIch: Own room + baIh. 
0ceaI1"Iiew bIIIcony. $41 !Imo. + 1/3 uti. 
1 or 2 people. 488-3758. (1/20) 

MIRA MESA. Room for renLl3OOImo. + 
utiIIttII. Clean, remodeled houIe. Quiet, 
conalderate. reaponaIble non-lmOker. 
271-5857. (1120-1124) 

PASSP.ORT PICTURESI Only $U5. 
WhIle you wall XIIroIce5 and more. Near 
Sl GermaIna. 452-11948. (1ctm-e12) 
Word plCJCJIM 'II d rtt kind, _ or IIII8l 
QuIck..un, Pfll'1111 )tlll~. Cal Janet 
or CaraI. 27fr7382. (11f.!2-1/:q 

La JoIa Bnerahop. QuaIly a.rbertng. 
HUcullsa.OO. 4S8-5792. (113-3110) 

Lose f.t without Dletlno_.. Doctor 
IUperVIaed Tueaclay -q 1acIln, or 
cal 452-2882_ (t 13-418) 

VlollnNIoI. Le .. on.. You or your 
chIId(ren) can learn from an ....... 1Ced, 
prot.saIonaI teacher. Now .ccepllug 
atudenII - .. ages and IeYeIa weIcomel 
Cal Conrad 488 0525. (1111).3(10) 
Word prCICIIIII'II d rtt Idnd, _ or IIII8l 
QuIck..un,pll' 1I1~1II~. CalJanet 
or CaraI. 27&-7382. (1/1C).3/1~ 

TRAFFIC CITATION CUNIC. Hav. an 
Attorney fight your trafIIc ticket or drunk 

" driving charge800-383-7027. (1/1 ()'1/27) 

Word Procelllng!Typlng: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, ttI_, book., 
letters, .ppllc.tlon.. Accur.le/F •• I 
service. Mary Ann 452·9438. (t/1 0-311 0) 
WORDPROCESSlNG,,...lItbIeratea, 
reliable, rut, Nahjobl ok. ~183. 
Caroline 571 -0047. (1/13-2/7) 

GREEKS & CWes. Earn -.aeo for 
youraelf pfue up to $800 for your clubl 
ThiI fundraIMr COllI notI*Ig and IaItI 
one week. Cal now and raceIve a tree 
gift 1-800-832-0528 ext. 65. (1120-3/7) 

WANTED TO BUY: Northwwt AIrlIne fly 
wrltetlcketllnlquantflyer award. Cal 592-
2822. (1/13-2/7) 

The UCSD Guardi.n 

".. IXIM IIIEY1 NM SI*I _ 
oorr.-'i ..... to UCSD) lllocJIq for 
PADPAR11CIPANTS(MInandWOnW'OID 
... p.tillldn-..etv ...... EngNlt$ 
............ -uplDl2OOfor •• 
"..., ...... 1... IIItfarft. _iii. 
Terwnn. .. from CIIY1IUI- llae ... 
IiIIDry d Ir*Ion to oertIIn brIrdI d ri 
...... .... .._.orfItcIIImoiIUImrI 
.. ,...., Cal TODAV ID ~ your 

~1IPPOi*'1IIr"t 550-7070, IICIInion 
105, or .... In .. PItoec..Pllaon 
."......, • ......, 18, flam 11a.m. to 
2p.m. (1~1,o1) 

Earn 11 00.00. SubjectlWW1tedfor.RIdy 
on eIcohoI'. etrect. If you are a Japaneae, 

~,orKDrean, AmerIcan-bommale, 
cal ScrIppe R.-rch InatIIuIe for more 
Infonnatlon. 554-7240. (1/3-3110) 

Earn cuh or movie tIckeIa for ~ 
partIcIpaIIonl EngllalHpMklng collage 
manneadedforPhOatudyln peychoIogy. 
Seaeione take 45 rNnutee. Help me fIniIh 
gIIIduate IChooII Cal came, evening., 
527-0778. (1/13-1/24) 

PAYA1TENT1ONI~,~ 
...-ffor-a..lUlyonhowpeoplapay 
IIIInIIon. En $MIIU for 2-3 hcuI of 
00II1II*"-' IIIIrtIIon ~. No mecIcaI 
pnIOIIUw iMMd. Cal 1818) 552-8585 
.. ZS. (1/18-11l!q 

Ale You Antlpll'.,lnIntllnlllM? New 
lleln care rMMICh company, located 
adjacentlDUCSDcampua, .... women 
who twvehadproblemlw/thapacllcantl-
pelep/rara to test new. non-IniIItIIng anti-
pel_anti. Earn up to S2OOfor 3 houra of 
woct ewer 5 weeks, • you quaWy. Cal 
550-7070 xtG5 immedIIdaIy for a frH 
inIervIew. (1/18-1120) 

Wanted. ·DenIaI patient (free). I need 
pIIiInta for 1IIIIng, crown, cIaenIng and 
root canal II no coat to you. ,.... CIIHI 
neadedforCA Dental Board. For Info. cal 
Dr. NItfwa at 55-9883. (1/18-1/24) 
,......73peaplelD .. ~DocIDr 
RIooIIiIMIMt. l00%,...'gt.MII1Iaed. 
CII Halle. 181111 274-4187. (1120-1124) 

DrummerWW1ted. SPEED. plus, double 
kIcka • must. InfIuenceI: Metal, Jazz, 
CIaaaIcaI. porian 450-0808. (1/20-1/24) 

LO~T \ \ I) Fe H \ B 
FOUND. Pair d llel boola at bus station. 
(pNrI + Faye In La Jolla). Cal and identify. 
458-8355. (1120-1127) 

~~SPEAK AI~~ 
MUIR COLLEGE GRADUATION~· $IU· $IU· New Orleans $135· 

Malco City . $ 66· 
SIn Fr-.clsco $ 49· 

r .- }\uditions wi II be. held late Janu 

SIGN UP NOW in the Muir College 
Deans Office, HSS 2126 or 534-3587 

~ ". 

IS I~~ ~~ 
~~ . 

'N! fila .. acII WfIY _ 011 • ICUIldIrip 
~. r .... not included. Some ' .... k-lions 1IlPIY. Student ....... _ b< ,<QUif<d. 
.. _.a""_ .. "." 

Council Travel 
UCSD Jlrice Center (t::¥ thE Post ()ffia) 

T ....... Fll.W ... 1H 

RETAIL 
INTERVIEW 

WEEK 
Febe 14-1 8 

Don't miss the daance to interview with top 
retaHel1 for a career position In business. 

. SIGN t.r IY FEBlUARY 2 
Caretfk .. 2nd IDar dIIk 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

I 261LUNCH&l 
I R DINNER I I (With p~hase of ODe appetizer USO.) Laxr entlic me. I 
I Trz our Iar~ portions of c:hickm, filet miP,loo or fresh atd1 of the «by I III charbroiled on I acwcr and scrftd wlln bamuti ricx.. Abo ch_ I &em our fDDOUS YCVWian diahcs Of one of our authentic stC1l'S. I 
I Dine-in orden only tl aTOC LUN CH Camboo excluded of l1A 'J. ----- I ~I_ " 11 :30lm·3pm I Offer expires . $5.95·$7.95 I~ 1/ 31/94 _ 
I DINNER I 3 pm-lO pm I So~:=; maWlCUI:IR! $11.50·$15.95 I 
L. _6;! !::a:S!:.e ~ ~l!!.e ~':.~6_ .J 

-:i;;;Di-;;~-----, 
?;r] I 

TANNING SALON I 
lONE FREE' TAN for first-time customers ($7 value)* I 
I IIImIODUCIIIQ European Body Wraps I ~ --:.. : 
I * * * * -. * * * * I 
: 5 TANS (save $5) .......... _ .. _ ........ .. _ ...... ........ .. .... 'is ..r, 

* 1 MoNTH UNUIIITED ..... _ .... _ ........ _ ...... _ .. '35 * I 
I 3 MoNTHs UNUMfTED ......... _ .. _ .............. '90 I 
I * * * * * * * * I I LA JOLLA 1110 APPOI.TII·SIITI .IC.SUIIY I ........... I 
I 7514 Girard Ave., Ste. 27 4803 MiIIIIon lINd 1102 I 
I ~~:OO~1~1.,.....1. ,11"- I 
\ • TlIIo_'_"Uo __ .~. • J 

~ __ "*'(1':I","'lff1tg.j"t.ee,J.t§M·hV,. __ ~ 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 
I The COBtact Le .. Docton I 

: STUDENT SPECIAL : 
I I I-
I • 
I • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
• • 
• • I • 
= Call San Diego Optometry = 
I 571·2081 • 
I The Contact Leu Doc::ton • 
I 4648 COBny St., Suite 105 in Kearny Mesa • 
I Pl_ bring coupon for discoQllt • 
I 'D2LT dilly _ICIII ... (fIII'OP" onIVl AIIigIMIIIIn --*"11'-- otra I I "SELB:TED ........... clNrCR-3I'" • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
c, Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Castl Verde Blvd .• 587-U44 

~ 
WEMCYCLE 
OURWATUI 

.. -ucso 

• 
L. 01011. YIII ••• Dr_ 

I • 
UTe 

~ 
z.® -I I ... ur . " 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WAStt 
SHELL GASOLINE I DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-------------------~~- ' I 

: Full Slnlce $ 99 I 
: COSTA CAR WASH:J2 : 
I VERDE" n,rIIe 1VIIZ SetIIM- ...I."...... ~ 
I CAltWWl HoI ...... ..,......... WE .... I 
I .... .... 
~-----~----------------~ 



12 SPORTS 

MzonIi State Unt\/'wsIIy 

DISPOSABLES 
ACtJVUE or NEW VUE $400 

ea. 

DAILY WEAR ~9 
COMPLETE ... , 

EXTENDED WEAR 

~;~~ $139 
• PI£saFnoNs ftUfD 
• GlAssEs DU'UCAlID 
• COMPIflE m flIAMS 

• No ~M9IT NlCISSAIY 
Sf HAllA EYAHOI 

College of EngIneer'.1II and AppUed Sc:ienceI 
Department of ~ Techo-,ology 
Bax878408 
Tempe, AZ 85287-84015 
(802) ses-ms 

Graduates: 
TAKE OFF FOR PILOT SCHOOL 
Begin training at the Lufthansa Plot SchooIIocat8d In 

Bremen, Germany 
or 

at the Arizona State University campus In 
Tempe, Arizona. 

Airiine pilot dasses now fanning: 

call or write for dela~ 
CD IiiI!!ii 0cEitA 11 

Train with the professionals 

Volunteers Needed for 
An Allergy Eyedrop Study 

The Division of Ophthalmology at Scripps Clinic 
and Research Foundation is recruiting participants 
for an allergy eyedrop study. 

• To qualify you must have a history of pollen or 
animal allergies, active or inactive. 

• Participants need to be between the ages of 
18 and 65. 

• Participants completing the study will 
receive $150. 

For more information, please call Paul Stowell at 
Scripps Clinic, (619) 554-2248. 

~ SCRIPPS CLINIC B AND RESEARCH FOUNQ4,TION 
10666 North TCWft)' Plna Road, U Jolla 92037 

The UCSD Guardian Thunda" January 20, 19M 

Fencers Parry Windy City 
FOILERI: Gabe Lawson continues torrid pace, remaining undefeated in aHcago 
By OM KIIft 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's men's and women's 
fencing team spent last week's ex-
tended vacation in Evanston, 11., on 

the icy campus 
of Northwest-
ern University 
locked in a de-
luxe swash-
buckling 
match against 
14 other rival 
schools, most 
of which were 
top-of-the-Iine 
Division I pro-
grams. 

The ,men's 
team finished the weekend with a 3-
7 mark, while the women ended up 
2-3-1 for the tourney. 

The teams competed in three 
classes of fencing - foil, sabre and 
epee. The men perform in all three 
catagories while the women com-
pete in only the foil. 

The men's team, currently third 
in the Southern California Confer-
ence (Scq, had a tough go of it 
against its stronger midwestern and 
eastern foes. 

Men's foil, currently in a three-
way tie for the lead in the confer-
ence, proved to be the Tritons' most 
successful unit"going 4-6 and eam-
ing victories over Qeveland State, 
Lawrence University. University of 
North Carolina and Wayne State. 

Gabe Lawson and Tom Powell 
paced the Triton foilers. Lawson 
posted an outstanding record of 22 
wins and just eight losses over the 
course of the competition, while 
Powell achieved a .500 mark at IS-
IS. 

The men's sabre team, currently 
fourth in the conference, struggled 
to a 3-7 record during the meet, 
while the epee team (sixth in the 
seq was unable to earn a victory, 
concluding the weekend with a 0-10 
record. 

The tough competition was un-
doubtedly responsible for the hard 
times experienced by both the sabre 
and epee teams, but Head Coach 
Usa Posthumus was far from dis-
couraged by the squad's oUling. 

"I was very pleased with the per-
" 

QIIbe ......... ( .... ) oontInuea to dominate ......... In the foil. 

formance. Mostofthematcbeswere 
close," Posthumus said. "MidWest 
and eastern schools usually over-
power the West Coast, but we com-
peted very well." 

The women's team, currently 
first in the Sec, tied Wayne State 
and defeated Michigan State and 
the University of Chicago. 

The women were uoexpec:tcdly 
besieged by the flu and a sprained 
ankle to Yumi Nisbiyama, which 
left them unable to fence on Sunday. 

Top performers for the women 
were Nishiyama and team captain 
Justine Cogan. Nishiyama tallied a 
solid mark of 16-8, while Cogan 
finished with an overall record of 
15-9. 

For the season, Nishiyama is third 
in the Southern California Confer-
ence with an overall record of21-3. 
Cogan posts an identical record, 
eaming her a second-place position 
in the conference. 

Most importantly the meet gave 
the Tritons a chance to experience 
some very solid competition in 
preparation for their run at the con-
ference titles. 

"[The competition] gives us an 
advantage over our Southern Cali-
fornia opponents who haven't com-

peted against the schools in the East. 
Hopefully [this experience] can help 
us win the Southern California Con-
ference and qualify for NCAAs," 
Posthumus said. 

The Tritons' chief rivals for the 
league title in men's foil are Air 
Force and Long Beach State. 

On Feb. 12, the team will travel 
10 Cal Tech for a crucial dual meet 
involving Long Beach State and Cal 
Tech. 

The women, who are also in a 
heated battle with Long Beach State, 
need to repeat their earlier winning 
performance over the Forty-niners. 
In addition, the women have to de-
feat the Stanford Cardinal to ensure 
themselves the sec title. 

Posthumus bas no doubt that both 
the men and the women are capable 
of bringing home the conference 
titles. "I have total confidence in the 
team," she said. 

Individually, Lawson, who has 
posted a stellar 18-0 mark in league 
match ups, looks to have the best 
chance at reaching the NCAAcbam-
pionships. Qualifying matches will 
be at Westerns on March 5-6. 

Female standouta Nishiyama and 
Cogan also have an excellent op-
portunity to reach the NCAAs. 

Equestrians Clearly Beat All the Odd~. 
By Ted LacIcI 
Guardian Reporter 

Sometimes you pull the lever on 
the slot machine only once and win 
the jackpot. Sometimes you are dealt 
a full house in your first hand of 
poker. Sometimes the dice just seem 
to roll your way. 

That could be one explanation 
for what happened to UCSD's eques-
trian team lut weekend. Starting 
from a humble booth at Fall Featival 
on the Green earlier this year, the 
Triton riders beat the odds in gar-
nering their first win of the season. 
, In its very first show ever, the 
team wound up a surprising second 
place out of seven teams at last 
weekend's UC Davis IHSA Show. 

"We're really enthusiastic about 
our team," member Shannon 
Gaffaney said. "I think we will be 
extremely good this year." 

UCSD dominated the Davis com-
petition, winnina four out of six 
events entered. Each rider is judpd 

on poise, style and technique while 
guiding a horse over eight different 
fences. 

The team could have won first 
place with such an impressive show-
ing. However, they had to gamble 
by declaring only a select few of 
their total riders as eligible for the 
final point totals. Some of those 
selected finished lower than other 
riders on the team who placed. 

Perhaps more astonishing than 
UCSD's upstart success is the fact 
that it came at the expense of estab-
lished teams at big-time schools, 
including Stanford, USC and Fresno 
State University. _ 

The team's win certainly cannot 
be attributed to beginner's luck. 
Each one of UCSD', riders has had 
to work hard on and off the field 
because of lack of funding. 

"We have to do beautification 
work around the [Fairbanks] ranch 
and various fuDclrailera to help lower 
the COII,"lenior co-c:aptain Nicole 

MacAllister said. 
Several members groom the 

horses themselves. Each equestrian 
team member is also kept busy with 
weekly leSIOns from professional 
trainer Lilli Ingrasci. 

Despite the limited funding, the 
Triton riders find a way to graciously 
give back to the community. 

"Community work is important," 
Gaffaney added. "So we make it a 
point to voluDIeer four hours a 
month." 

Anyone can catch tbae riders in 
action at the Fairbanks Rancb in 
Rancho Santa Pe. UCSD students 
can join them-lbey'rc IookiDa for 
someonewhocanrideWestemstyle 
- by comiaa to WaneD Lcc:Iure 
Hall on Tuelday Di ..... at 7 p.m. 

Upcomina eventa for the team 
include I FIeIDO Stale Ibow on Feb. 
S and I StanfonIIbow on Feb. 20. 
Reaioaals will be beld It T.x. 
AAM UaiverIkJ, willi NatioaaII 
tatiaa pI __ hi '-"11111. 

Thunday, January 20, 19M The UCSD Guardian 

What have you got to lose ••• 

RuIn Ind RIDuIIUonl: 
- Send your entry on an 8 1n" by 

11" sheet of paper along with your name. 
year In school. college you attend at 
UCSD. major and phone number to: 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 9500 
Gilman Drive, 0316. La Jolla. CA 92093-
0316. Or you can drop It off In the Letters 
Box In the front of the Guardian office, 
located on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center. 

- The entry with the most correct 
answers, as determined by Judges, will 
be declared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognIzed when the quIz an-
swers are printed the following week. In 
the lVent of a tie, a drawing will be held 
to determine a wiMer. A maximum of 15 
correct entries not selected as the grand 
prize winner will be considered runners-
up. 

- The grand prize winner will re-
ceive a free dinner for two at BJ's Chi-
cago Pizzeria. Runners-up will receive a 
free pitcher of Mlchelob Draft beer, or 
soda, at BJ's, located In La Jolla VIllage 
Square. A list of all winners will be posted 
at BJ's each week and winners need to 
show Identification to claim prizes, 

- UCSD students, staff and facuIty 
are eligible to enter, except for Guardi4n 
staff members and employees of BJ's 
ChIcago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass produced entries will be accepted. 
Entries must be at the Guardi4n office by 
noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes mustbe claimed wlthln two 
weeks of winner's posting, after which 
the prize Is forfeited. 

MADDEN: It 
ain't no kickers game 
ContInued from ..... 
mud, blood and guts. We're manly 
men and Madden will lead us to 
the promised land. 

With the All-Madden Team's 
ever-growing popularity, CBS in-
creased the team's airtime, giving it 
more than an idle 15 minutes of kill 
time. 

Now the entire halftime show 
included plays and highlighta of 
Madden'sseasonedhitmcnandgod-
fearing tough guys. And we lapped 

ThIs Week'. Questloal: 
1. In what city are the 1994 Win-

ter Olympics being held? 
1. What national team did soccer 

great Pele play for? 
3. Where is the first Professional 

Golfers Association tour tournament 
of each new year held? 

4. Which NFL team won last 
season's NFC championship? 

5. Which major league baseball 
team has had back-to-back Rookie-
Of-The-Year award winners during 
the past two seasons? 

6. Which team holds the all-time 
mark for the worst NBA record in a 
season and what was the record? 

7. Who is boxing's heavyweight 
champion of the world? 

8. Who is this season's leading 
scorer among NBA rookies? 

,. Who led the Kansas City 
Chiefs in touchdowns this year? 

10. Who leads the UCSD men's 
})asketball team in assists and steals 
so far this season? 

Last Week's Answers: 
.1. What still-active NFL quarter-
back holds the highest career pass-
ing rating? Joe MODtaDa 
.1. What American won the 1992 
Winter Olympic gold medal in 
women's figure staking? 

KrIJd Yamaguchi 
• 3. Who won the 1993 Division III 
collegiate men's soccer champion-
ship? UCSD Trltou 
.4. What Chicago White Sox base-
it up like starving kittens to warm 
milk. More pain, more bone-crusb-
ing shots to the head, more Madden. 

We were not burdened with sissy 
kickers with names like Stoyanovich 
and Yerpermein. No, Ronnie Loti, 
Karl Mecklenberg and Lawrence 
Taylor owned the screen. And we 
loved. 011, how we loved. 

But now the All-Madden team is 
going primetime, garnering a show 
of ita own, and I for one have to put 
my foot down. 

There jUSl aren't that many joint-
juring hits to fiU up a full-time 'lot 
of gritty, bloody ecstacy. 

, 

ball player retired last year after 
setting the all-time record for most 
games caught in a career? 

CaritoD FIsk 
• 5. Which city was recently 
awarded the rights to the latest NFL 
expansion franchise? 

Jacksonville, FL 
• 6. In which National Hockey 
League division do the Washington 
Capitals play? 

AlIaDtiC Dhialon 
.7. What first-time participant won 
last year's Indianapolis 500? 

Nlael ManseU 
• 8. Who is the head coach of the 
NBA's Golden State Warriors? 

Don Nelson 
• 9. What Pittsburgh Steeler A11-
Pro running back sat out much of the 
1993 NFL season due to injury? 

Berry Foster 
• 10. What Division I team did the 
Triton men's basketball team topple 
over the winter break? 

Northern ArtzoDI UDlvenity 

ThIs Week's WlnDen: 
.Cnnd PrIze 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 
• RUDen-Up 
Frank ArauUo, Sr., Economics 
Tanya Brown, Jr., Sociology 
John Cross, Sr., Biology 
Craig Foster, Sr., Economics 
Albert Un, Fr., Political Science 
Ronnie Mangstat, So., Bioeng . 
Johnathan Perkins, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
David Yao, Sr., Biology 
Greg 1..o10tar, Sr., Sociology 

I cringe when Madden himself 
tells me what a nice guy Derek Th0-
mas is off the field. I really don't 
care. This isn't a soap opera, this is 
foothall. 

Do I really want to know that 
L. T. spends his free time at the local 
children's hospital doling out fabric 
that wouldn't cover the ass of an 
atom? No, I tell you. 

Give me my 20 minutes of gore 
and no more. If this thing turns into 
a mini-series starring Fabio, my life 
will have lost all meaning. John, for 
God's we, my very sense of pride 
and manhood is at stake. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 

FREEPREGNANCYTESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (1mtrtfHIIIte T_ Red.) 
ABORTION TO 24,WEEKS (General or Local AM.",._)· 

~-~ 
I \ ','; <.. '\ 

• • " ~ t • ~)" .... , 

, ". ~ t I • 

~: < J~~ ... ~ I •• I ,'w' I' f I ,\ I ~ 
• I • • <! • • 

.: I. I I 

.' FAMILY PLANNING ~"OCIATEIIIEI~IC~~ 

/l!ir(}(q 

Cut 
Club 

Haircut $995 Sllampoa' 
Candftlonlr 
Hair 

SPORTS 13 

W6 (.ar. hair 
ALWAYS A GREAT HAIR DAYTM 

Considering the ~ is 
due tomolTOW, areit Y!JU 
glad we're ~-all night? 

Y 00 W8Ii k> make SIR )'(U project loots its b5 when yoo 
11m it in. And since yoo'l1 ~ly be waking 00 it until 

the miIUc it's due, it's a good thing we M't~tum in. 

La Jolla 
884;;:;7:i·f7~5) 

Pacific .each 
1834 ClImel Ava. 

413-1152 

-



14 

,~ -

The UCSD Guardiaa Thanday, JaD...., 10, 19M 

RAN KIN G S 

Basketball 71JrougbJan.18tb 
MEN'SMA 
1 Pass The Dutchle 2-0 
2 Get Shitly 2-0 
3 Kabul 1-0 
4 Tinkerbtll 1-0 

8 Unrl~ Again 2-0 
9 Moronic tows 1-0 

S Team Pi Kapp 1-0 10 Journeyman 2-0 

MEN'SM. MEN'S 5-10 
1 4 Da City 1-0 
2 The Air Down There 2-0 

1 Let It Reign 2-0 
2 Milzac & Chilzee 2-0 

3 Six Inches on White 1-0 3 Engineering Nerds W/BA 1-0 
4 Brown and Proud 1-0 4 The Second Coming 1-0 
S Runnin' Rhubarbs 2-0 S No Verticals 1-0 
6 Kool and the Gang 1-0 
7 Run 'N Gun 1-0 COEO 
8 We Slammed Yo Mama 2-0 1 We Wanna Be Like Mike 1-0 
9 Nutmeg 1-0 
10 Old Grumpy Men 1-0 

2 Ai Yal 2-0 
3 So Smooth II 2-0 
4 We're All Inbred 1-0 

MEN'S A S Warriors 2-0 
1 Prison Barbers 2-0 
2 Equinox 2-0 
3 The Beefs 2-0 

WOMEN'S AM. 
1 Lucky's Nightmare 1-0 

4 Hooters Hunters 2-0 2 The Nappys 1-0 
S Vertically Challenged 2-0 
6 Your Mother 1-0 

3 Let's Do It 1-0 
4 Uh-Huh 1-0 

7 Nothing Bu1 Nylon 2-0 S Lord Help Us 0-1 

Soccer Tbrough Jan . 18th 
MEN'SMA 
1 PI Kappa 2-0-0 
2 Soggy Blsqult 2-0-0 
3 Steaks And Carrots 1-0-0 
4 Winners 1-1-0 
SGMC 1-0-1 
6ZBT 1-1-0 
7 Ole By The Sword 0-1-1 
8 Upper V 1-1-0 
9 Just Chummin' 0-1-1 
10 Poo White Trash 0-'" 

MEN'SM. 
1 Economics 2-0-0 
2 Seamen On The Turf 2-0-0 
3 Tu Madre 2-0-0 
.. Schliep Rock 1-0-0 
S 1-800-LLAMA-4U 1-0-0 
6 Dynamo I-House 1-0-0 
7 Kodiacs 0-0-2 
8 AI Bundy 1-0-1 
9 EB H-O 
10 The Booze 1-0-1 

MEN'S A 

COEOAAA 
1 The Black One 
2 The Rocket From Hell 
3 Porn House 
4 Simply The 4th Best 
S 1-9OQ-TEAM 

COEOM. 
1 Blue Balled And Shooting 
2 Wind Gods 
3 Meg's Stili Horny 
4 SAX 
5 The Rejects 
6 Green Goals 
7 Unlucky 
8 Flippers Friends 

COEOA 
1 Bull Plugs 
2 Drowned Beaver 
3 Bimin-Kuskusim 
4 Green Bowl Packers 
S Goat Herders Rage 
6 Maradonna Wannabes 

1-0-0 
1-0-0 
0-0-1 
1-1 -0 
0-1-1 

2-0-0 
2-0-0 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
0-0-2 
1-1-0 
1-1-0 
0-1-1 

1 Countdown To Ex1inction 2-0-0 
7 Drunken Stupor 
8 Kickln' Balls 

2-0-0 
2-0-0 
1-0-0 
1-0-0 
2-0-0 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
1-1-0 

2 13th Generation 
3 Boot 'n Rally 
.. Team Smack 
S Wide Right 
6 Tumanlan Devils 
7 Kickln' Balls" 
8 Clambucket 
9 Samp West 
10 Delts 

L-----

2-0-0 
1-0-0 
1-0-0 
1-0-0 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
1-0-1 
0-0-2 
1-1-0 

9 Grovellers " 
10 RISC Your Balls 

WOMEN'SAAA 
1 We KIck Balls 
2 We Flail 
3 Bitches WIth Balls 
4 Mlny'sArmy 
5 Buttercups 

BIG 
MEAL 
DEAL 

MEAL ==' 
..... DEALS_*4_19----...J 

VALlO ONLY AT cc.TA VDDC • MIIWMIt LOCATIONI. ~ ,.....,. uc:so 10. Ex~. II3IM 

8780 MIRAMAR RoAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!50 GENua: IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

u C S 0 

\\'1\ 1 1<1: 
'1'011:\\\11 \1'" 

Racquetball 
All-Campus Tournament 

Saturday Jan. 22 
Canyonview RB Courts 

If you enjoyed the rock 'n roll earlier this 
week In San Diego, UCSD Intramural 
Sports is planning a aequelthls weekend 
with its annual UCSD All-Campus 
Racquetbal! Tournament. Campus 
racquetball players from all parts are 
invited to take part in our annual rockin' 
racquetballtoumament this Saturday, 
January 22nd at the Canyonvlew 
Racquetball Courts. 

Our glass wall court is still standing 
and will definitely be the center of action 
Saturday u raquetball aficionados 
compete for divisional championships and 
awards. 

Tournament sign-ups are stll being 
taken through Friday afternoon III the 
CarIyonvIew Recrtllllon 0fIIce. The 
tournament entry fee of $5.00 per pIayw 
includes plenty of tournament 1MIches, 
refreshmentI, Ind champlollshlp prizes 
and awards. 

The acIIon starts III 9:00 11m stwp III 
the Canyonview RB Coutts. 

Women's 
Volleyball 

All-Campus 
Doubles Championships 

Saturday Jan. 29 
Main Gym ~nter is supposed to be the sport of 

volleyball's offseason. Even In Southern 
California the average player might have 
a hard time finding a game. But at a 
volleyball hotbed like UCSD, the splkln' 
and slammin' never stopsl 

Saturday, January 29th, its time for 
the ladies to show their stuff as the UCSD 
Intramural o.p.tment hosts the AlI-
Campus Women's Volleyball Doubles 
Championships. 

The action Is sur. to be fast and 
furious, u players from ell over CllmpUS 

bring their two-woman game Indoors to 
the Main Gymnulum. The old guard Is 
ready to accept the challenge of the 
younger players, 10 competition will be 
Intense. 

And for those of you who haven't 
experienced the opportunity to play In a 
tournament setting, don't be afraid to 
come on down and participate In one of 
our other divisions u well. 

Signups are currently taking place 
at Canyonview. for the low, low price of 
only $5.00 per teaml Space Is limited 
and all teams must be signed up by 
Friday, January 28 at 4:00 to be 

" « ..... :'::'~i: \ I 

Tennis ~···:::: .t, : 
All-Campus 

Doubles Championship 
Sat.-Sun. Jan. 29-30 
Muir Tennis Courts 

The start of winter quarter brings with II 
the second Installment of our three part 
AI-Campus Tennis ChampIonshIp series. 
For aIIlhoIe who milMd the singles 
championship In the fall, these events 
are an excellent opportunity to get some 
tournament tennis experience on your 
resume. 

Topepins Ind slice shots will be 
aplenty as men Ind women from all 
corners of campus line up • partners in 
the 19th annual UCSD All-Campus 
TenniS Doubles Championship'. The 
two-day toumament begins Sldurday, 
January 30th. All doubles teams will be 
guaranteed two consecutive matches on 
Saturday with winnersadvanclng to the 
championship round on Sunday. 

For those who don't know a 
groundstroke from a groundhog, no 
problem, we have two levels of competi-
tion 80 there will be plenty of room for 
novices to get out there and hack all you 
want. 

T ournarnent sign-ups are currently 
being conducted at the Canyonview 
RecreatIon Office on the eastern IIde of 
campus. Team entry fees •• checking 
in at the ridiculously low ree ••• lon price 
of tIvt doIIIn per ttIIm. Slgnupa are 
Hmited 10 hurry on down and IIgn up by 
Friday, January 28 at 4:00 p.m. 

Come In for UCSD's 
best pizza and get 

15% 'Off 
• Dine-in 
• Cal'l'\fOUt 
• DellY_." Chicago Pizzeria 

LaJolav-.. ...... 
887a W. La Jolla Dr. 

466-0882 


