
UCReceIY_ 
Record DonIIIIon 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 
University of California 
received a record-setting 524-
million donation from 
Herbert W. Boyer, emeritus 
professor at UCSF. Accord-
ing to UCSF Chancellor 
Joseph B. Martin, the charity 
is the largest given to any of 
the nine UC campuses. 
Boyer, co-founder of 
Genentech Inc., earned the 
money, which will be used to 
fund biomedical research, 
from his share of patent rights 
to a gene-splicing technique. 

FBI Probes UCLA 
Embezzlement 
LOS ANGELES - The FBI 
and UCLA auditors are 
investigating charges that a 
UCLA employee in the 
Department of Radiology 
embezzled money through 
outside companies by 
charging the university for 
fictitious services. The 
employee allegedly used two 
outside companies which 
were temporarily contracted 
by the UCLA School of 
Medicine to overcharge the 
school. UCLA officials have 
ordered a full audit of the 
Department of Radiology. 

Ex-Coach, SDSU 
Reach Settlement 
SAN DIEGO - Ex-SDSU 
volleyball coach Rudy 
Suwara ended a settlement 
with the university last 
Wednesday, after filing a 
lawsuit claiming he was fired 
from his position in retalia-

-' tion for his support of 
women's athletics. During his 
coaching tenure, Suwara 
showed support of a Title IX 
complaint filed aaainst SDSU 
by parents of one of his 
players and argued for budget 
increases to the women's 
athletic program. Though the 
settlement amount is undis-
closed, similar settlements 
have exceeded 51 million. 

INSIDE 

NOI 
..... 1heAASU 
ad UJS aeed to lit 
.ide cm.nac.. • 

INDIX 

~111111 ............................ 2 
CAL_A.-s .................... 2 

~ .................................. 4 
~ ........................... l' 
...-n ...................................• 

, H I u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, MAY 2, 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE II 

Lesbians Denied Married Housing 
COUPLE: Graduate 
student and partner 
won't get spot in Mesa 
Apartments 

Heidenreich claimed that she 
suffered discrimination at the 
hands of the Housing Department 
because of her sexual orientation 
and was denied preferential hous-
ing. Heidenreich, a lesbian, is 
scheduled to attend UCSD in the 
Fall of 1994 in her first year of 
graduate work in the Department 
of History. 

with a partner, first under the cat-
egory of "family" and then under 
"couples housing." 

ing Larry Barret said that the 
housing policy is handed down by 
the UC Regents. According to all-
UC housing policy, students can 
register as single graduate stu-
dents, married couples, single par-
ents or families. According to 
Barret, Heidenreich and her part-
ner wanted to be recognized as a 
married couple, but did not have a 
certified marriage license from the 
state of California and could not 

By K8ren CIIenI 
Senior Staff Writer 

Graduate student-to-be Linda 
Heidenreich is claiming discrimi-
nation against sexual orientation 
in the UCSD Resident Graduate 
Housing at the Mesa Apartments. 

Heidenreich said she applied 
for housing at the Mesa Graduate 
Apartments for Fall Quarter 1994 

"[UCSD's] housing told us that 
because we weren't really consid-
ered a 'couple,' the fact that we 
were not legally married, and that 
we didn't constitute a family, we 
were not eligible for housing. I 
became angry and wanted to speak 
to the head of the housing depart-
ment," Heidenreich said. 

Director of Residential Hous- See HOUSING, Page 2 

~DS Testing Cosdy at UCSD 
IIIAL1II: Confidentiality also an 
issue in campus clinic 
.,-, .......... k 
SWlMMIr 

It' ..... ys better 10 be ..,. ..... lOllY, 
but .. UCSD .... -..,. .. may COlt IlION 
tbIa ..... 

UCSO'. IUV felt II IOIDIWIaIt COItIy 
re .... tootMr ..... itiea. but die ...... 
PJUII- II ~ IDd offen --
__ YiIbIe ............ if_1Nd. 

TbI COlt for • HlV .dbody .. oa 
.....,.. at StaDt Hallb Servicll II 125. 
...... Dalby SDSU ..... felt COlts oaIy .... 
..... At UCLA. .. HIV .... COIts SI4.25 
.... ucsa. S15. Loaa BeICb s .... offen 
free HIV ...... However, HIV ....... at 

UC IrviDe com 132. 
OIlIer ........... offer teatiJla at a lower 

COlt for a variety of re&IOIII. Acc:ordiDa to 
SDSU beaItb educa ... SbIaDoa McGuire. 
.... 1CbooI abIortIIlOIDe of die coM, wbicb 
...... ia a lower fee to ......... 

Cal ... Loaa Beacb Health educator 
MIry 8yIaD o.aa orpnized a coopendve 
... bIIw_ .... aaivenity aad abe City 
IIIaItIt ~ De deputment s_i· 
... _1ftV ...... ada lC8demic yur. 
aIIowiDa ....... 110 offer free teItiD •• Tbe 
... of ...... 1Iowever. isliJDJted. 

UCSD· ...... price maiIIIy ..... from 
IIboraIDry com UIId ia .... pIOCI8I. from 
N ... l.IboraIoIy ia s.a DIep. However, 
die price of • HIV tilt .... decUDed 011 

See 1'D'Me. p ... 3 

AASU 
Charged With 
Alleged Smith 
Violations 
FUNDING: Muir senior contends 
NOI forum was political 
By Janna Palmer 
Senior Staff Writer 

As a result of the African-American Student 
Union (AASU)-sponsored forum featuring speak-
ers from the Nation of Islam (NOI), Muir senior 
Josh Wagner filed charges against the AASU last 
Monday for allegedly violating the recent Smith 
v. (legents ruling. The Judicial Board is sched-
uled to hear the case Thursday at 8:30 p.m. 

The AASU-sponsored forum presented speak-
ers from the NOI, the controversial black Mus-
lim organization, · sparking anger from many 
members of the Jewish student community. 

According to Associated Students President 
Carla Tesak, Wagner filed charges alleging that 
the forum did not "[allow] for all viewpoints to 
be expressed," and was therefore in violation of 
the Smith v. Regents ruling. Wagner was recently 
criticism by members of the AASU for tape 
recording an AASU meeting without notifyi ng 
its members. 

The State Supreme Court ruling of Smith 
stipulates that mandatory student fees in public 
schools cannot fund student organizations that 
are deemed political, ideological or religious. 
Earlier this year, the A.S. created the Student 
Organization Financial Eligibility Board 
(SOFEB), to determine the political, ideological 
or reliJious nature of student organizations. 

AASU President Antbereca Edmerson de-
clined to comment ellcept to say that "he is filing 
.. aiDat us •.. He had come to our [AASU] meet-
ing, tryinl to tape-record the meeting. He told 
me he ... fiIiDa cbarJes." 

~ to Tesak, political speakers can be 
sponIONCI by student-funded orpnizationa as 
Iona •• YODe present is Ible to present other 
viewpoiDal. 

-If .... [AASU) would have allowed anyone 
.,..... to apeak, (Waper] wouldn't have a 
CIII ••• Wbae lboy went WIODI w. when the 
[AASU] atructured it Thea it became a political 
evea" .. T ...... 

Teuk added that the Natruc:turiDJ" occurred 
when Edmenon bepn to diaa1low comments 
from abe audience dIaL were not related to the 
det.cement of the Cb6 CaM munJ or to African 
AmericaM -unifyiq • a people." 

See MaU. Pace 10 



2 NEWS 

HOUSING: 
Regents refuse to 
recognize gay marriage 

~from"",1. 
be allotted housing by the regents 
as only a "domestic partnership." 

Barret added that "the prob-
lem here was that while 
[Heidenreich] was to be a stu-
dent at UCSD, her partner was 
not. If her partner wa. a student 
at UCSD, then we would rent to 
them a.students only, and tbey 
would fall under the student 
category. Then the [nature of 
the] relationship wouldn't mat-
ter." 

Heidenreich contended that 
though her partner will not be a 
student, other legally married 
couple., in which only one 
spouse is a student,will still be 
given couples houling. In addi-
tion, because people wbo are 
considered "married couples" 
by tbe regents need to have a 
certified marriage license from 
the state of California in order 
to qualify, gay and lesbian 
couples are trapped. 

"I know the policy wasn't writ-
ten by the regents to discriminate 
against gays. It's just that the by-
product of the policy is the dis-
crimination, and it is very real," 
Heidenreich said. "In order to 
qualify for couples housing, we 
have to have a marriage license. 
But when you have to do some-
thing that's obviously impossible, 
it's very unfair." _. 

Heidenreich's housing appli-
cation was then transferred to La 
10lla del Sol. According to Barret, 
La lalla del Sol is handled as af-
filiate housing. since individual 
apartments are rented out to indi-
viduaJ people. 

"La 10lla del So/ is purchased 
by the regents, not owned by them, 
and therefore the regent's policy does 
not apply there," Heidenreich said 

However, according to 
Heidenreich, the rule treats gay 
couples as second-class students. 
"The bottom line is, as a lesbian, 
it's very important for me to get 
this rule overtumed," she said. "It's 
a slap in the face to gay couples. 
It's outright discrimination." 

Barret agreed, stating that the 
main problem lies with regental 

policy. "1bere'l been quite IOIDC 
dUcuIIioo aut this isIue, but 
witb no Iucc:eu, .. he said. 

"I don't know wbat [UC Presi-
dent] Peltaaon is doina about the 
isaue, but when [former UC Presi-
dent] Gardner wu in offace, he 
said that the issue of domestic part-
nenhip wu a legislative issue, 
and he did not want the regents 

lIa know the policy 
W_'t wrttt ... by 
the ....... todl. 
CI'IIIIIn8te .... nat 
..,.. ft'. Just tIud 
the by produCt of 
the policy Is tile 
dlscrlftlllUdlon, ..... 
It .. V.., ...... " 

-LInda .hld •• 'llcll 
Incoml,. araduate student 

involved in what he thought wu a 
legislative issue. If the state of 
California changes its statutes, we 
will then accomodate it," Barret 
added. 

Heidenreich said that the UC 
policy has not yet been chal-
lenged. "A couple of years ago, 
Stanford Univeristy actually 
abolished [housing discrimina-
tion against lesbian and gay 
couples] after it was success-
fully challenged," Heidenreich 
said. "It's just that UCSD is 
slightly more conservative. I 
was really, really surprised to 
find how backwards things are 
in San Diego," she added. 

Barret admits that the issue has 
been raised in the housing depart-
ment more than once. "The ilSue 
has come up ... not u active on this 
UC campus as on othen, but in the 
end, the decision will be up to the 
regents to change the policy. Hope-
fully the student regent wiU en-
force it." 

However, Alex Gamer, mem-
ber of UCSO's Lesbian, Gay, Bi-
sexual Association was skeptical. 
"I think the fact that UCSD has 
these non-discrlmination policies 
on paper but [is] not exercising 
tbem is typical but alarming. It is 
something that needs to be re-
solved, especially when it is re-
quired by law by the state of Cali-
fornia." 

If you have moved recently, 
don't forlet to reregister to 

VOTE 
for the May 9 Primary 

Drop by EDNA for a registration form 
\ , 

JlltLCSDIMdooIo..-....................... ......-:,." ....... .... 
ftUCID. ........ fllIiI .................................... jlllllllllilllii 
....... IIM, .... ___ Jlltcao ..................... __ 
UIIIIIIdIIf ....... -.11It ... __ il ............... --... 
lilt ,...., ............ _ JIlt c.ao ........ """"'" _ CIIIIINI, ... 
............. IIIecao .............. .....,,, ................ _ ... 
... 1rtrN ....... _'~ 

IIIIC ICH..,T, EtNror In C,*, 
JASOIIIIIITCIU, ProductIon AI.""., 
DOUI ALD'''', Opinion Editof 
IIIANNON ....... Copy Editor 
...... 1lUCICNIIt, GratJIIlc. Editor 

TIae UCSD Guardiaa MODUy •• yl. 19M 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 
--~~ Ie:, 014 1\£ 
S'tt ... s~ t 
CMl kl.~'T! 

\ 

- _. 

---

WI DIDMT t 1lI*O. 1'0 
'tIN SlIiM uP JUST aAMIt. 
'ft) P\A1.· 
INJ.. l~ ..,..,..--4 ....... -. 
_lEST Of 

M~~ 
DrlMT1lU 
LM 9'atlSf 

BRIEFLY ••• 

IT~UXd 
uGIT . .. 
'ft) 'IIIi. CM 1\IE 
.,.."fta 
_d\ltE,! 

~U'(s ~1S mLllWi 
A.T '01, '11iU.IW; 'bI __ 
'ft)S, __ t'ft)OO, 

AII)~ 
'\1) 00 11". 

_ '11\8 ~ ." Me un'! 
Ot-1. aa I Ml'JSO ~ 

~«.aB2S5 lEU. J/OMl . 
\ 

_ RU'iI! 
"FILliR! 

I 

PLO Representative to Speak at UCSD 
The UCSD Palestine SOlidarity Committee will host 

Palestine Ubenltlon Orpnlzatlon (PLO) Representa-
tive Afif Safleh today In Ballroom A of the PrIce Center 
at S p.m. SafIeh, Head of the PlO delegation to the 
United K1~, will discuss the plans for administer· 
I,. the rec:ently-acqulred territories In Gala and JerJ. 
cho by the PlO AuthorIty. 

Safleh .Is the first PlO representative to speak at 
UCSD In four years. He has served as the PlO's deputy 
director of the Observor Mission to the United Netlons 
and the representative to the Netherlands. Safleh has 
also worked with PlO Chairman Arafat In BaINt, where 
he was In charae of European AffaIrs and United 
Nations Institutions. 

UCSD Staff Association to 
Hold Crllfta Fair. 

The UCSD Staff Association Is sponsort,. a Crafts 
Falre on Thursday and FrIday, May 5 and 6, from 9 a.m. 
to 4 p.m. on the Rewlle Plaza. Approximately 20 
different booths will be Included In the fair display!,. 
such crafts as jewelry IWld ceramics by a variety of 
craftsmakers. Some UCSD employees will also particI-
pate In seiling of crafts. Gla's Pizza will sell food and 
refreshments. 

Funds relsed at the fair will be used for scholar· 
ships given by the UCSD Staff Association to various 
UCSD staff employees. 

For further Information about the Crafts Falre, call 
Ellen Sherwood at 534-3844, or send e-mail to 
esherwoodOucsd. 

UCSD Bookstor. to Host 
ant ......... p ..... l .... 

On Monday, May 9, UCSOwili host Samer Hamedah, 
e»author of the recently published book Amerlcs's 
Top 100 Intemshlps. Hamedah will hold an Internship 

seminar at the UCSD Bookstore from noon to 1 p.m. 
Recent Stanford areduates Hamadeh, 24, and his 

co-author Mark Oldman, 25. hew compiled thll guide 
of Internships for college students. It Is' comprised of 
11,6eO internships at 100 of the best c:ompanles and 
orpnlDtlons, In fields from acMrtI8trw to zoo.keep-
I,.. Hemadeh and Oldman have completed 111ntem-
ships In their combined careers, from Chevron to M1V 
to the Supreme Court. 

According to a survey done at Northwestern 
University, ·Last year 26 percent of all graduates 
hired by companies had worked as Internl, vs. 9 
peroent the year before.· 

For more Information on Hamadeh', Internship 
semina', call the UCSD Bookstore at 534-READ. 

State Bond ..... to Support 
UC Construction 

State Treasurer I<8thleen Brown announced last 
Tuesday the sale of $65.8 million In bonds for flnanc> 
I,. construction projects at UC Riverside, UC San 
DIeCo and UC Santa Barbara. These funds, acquired 
through a sale In state PI.DI1c Works Board bonds, will 
help meet educational needs as well as create Jobs for 
the state's recesslon-battered economy. 

·These are dollars that In the short term. will 
employ construct/on and related wortutrs who build the 
research, laboratory and computer facilities needed to 
prepare our students for the changing wor1<place and 
ultimately Improve California's long.term economics 
competitiveness,· Brown said. 

UCSD will receive about $12.7 million to construct 
the Social Sciences Building for the Departments of 
Anthropology, Ethnic Studies, Political Science and 
Sociology, .-n0l'll others. 

This facility, which Is expected to be completed by 
AuCust 1995, will Include self-lnstructlonallaborato-
rles, a computing facility, and an archive room. 

EdIIIIMI: 534 tllO. IIuIInnI 0III0e: !534-34tI. , .. : 534-78t1 
uc.D ......... 1100 IU ...... Drive 0311, 

I.e Jolla, CA 12013-0311 
_ ....... :--.. ..... UCIO __ ~ ...... ·A· 

Monday. May 2. 1994 

TESTING: 
Students must weigh 
cost and anonymity 
Continued from .... 1 
campus since its establishment in the 
late 198fis, when testing cost $50. 

According to OalYM Proffitt, 
the health educator at Student 
Health Services, UCSD provides 
counseling before the test and, if 
necessary, afterwards as well. 

Because all students are 
charged a $25 flat rate no matter 
how many tests are needed, stu-
dents with negative tests help sub-
sidize students who need further 
testing. This method helped re-
duce the price from $50 to $25. 

UCSO'stesting isCOnfidelltial but 
not anonymous, which means that the 
results will appear on a student's COD-
fidential medical record. However, 
the results cannot be released without 
the specific written consent of the 
studenL 

"I know [$25 is] a lot of money for 
students to pay. Butifsomeoneneeds 
a test and needs it to be confidential, 
the testing at UCSO is alright," said 
AIDS peereducator Madhu Narayan. 

The Student Health Services can 
also refer students to several alterna-
tive testing sites that provide anony-
mous testing and may be less expen-
sive. The patient's blood is given an 
identification number to conceal the 
patient's name, and the results do not 
appearon thepatient'smedical record. 

". know that people come in at 
UCSO and get tested. But I think 
that a lot of people that come in to 
get information on HJV antibody 
testing get referred to off-campus 
sites, n Narayan said. 

See TESnNG, Page 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Lights and Sirens Is a selection of entries compiled from the log book of 
the UCSD Police Department. 

MoneIIy, Aprtl25 
1:27 •• m.: OffIcers' report concerning unknown SllSpects detonating an 
acid bomb near the Warren Apartments. 
9;00 a.m.: A staff member reported the burglary of a La Jolla Del Sol 
apartment. Loss: $1,100. 
11:30 •. m.: A staff member suffered from a pain In the chest and back 
In the Career Services Center. Transported to Thomton Hospital. 
1:00 p.m.: An officer reported a threatening note left on a vehicle in Lot 
604. 
5:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a red '86 Toyota 4Runner in Lot 
701. Loss: $6,000. 
Tunday,Aprt128 
10:30 a.m.: A student suffered a siezure at the Sunshine Store. Taken 
to Thornton Hospital. 
11:00 a.m.: A student reported the burglary of a locked vehicle in Lot 502. 
Loss; $500. 
12:30 p.m.: A construction supervisor reported the theft of equipment 
from the RIMAC construction site. Loss; $6,000. 
8:21 p.m.: Units responded to a report of a possible drowning victim on 
La Jolla Shores beach. A male non-affiliate was transported by LifeAight 
to UCSD Medical Center where he was pronounced dead. 

~ednesday,AprlI27 
4:25 p.m.: A student reported receiving a threatening phone call at 
Matthews Apartments. 
6:58 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a backpack from the Price 
Center Bookstore Lobby. Loss: $239. 
ThurlClay, April 28 
12:01 I.m.: A 25-year-old male non-affiliate was ordered off campus for 
seven days at the Main Gym after creating a disturbance at Mandeville. 
Transported to County Medical Hospital for being dangerous to himself 
and others. 
7:10 •. m.: A 42·year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for battery at the 
eM Cafe. Cited and released. 
FrIUy,AprlI29 
12:11 •• m.: An RSO reported the confiscation of a large quantity of 
alcohol from a minor. 
3:00 •• m.: A 30-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested at Villa La Jolla 
and Nobel for an outstanding misdemeanor warrant for petty theft with a 
prior conviction and sentences for outstanding misdemeanor traffic and 
transit warrants. Booked in City Jail. Total 8all: $10,683. 
11:48 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a red '90 Honda Prelude from 
Lot 703. Loss: $6,000. 
SatunIIIJ, Aprtl 30 
1:17 a .... : A 37-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested at the Chl! Cafl! 
for outstanding misdemeanor traffic warrants. Booked into City Jail. 

EE 
PRE.-MED 
SEMINAR 
************ 

.!PRE .. MED ISSUES: 

NEWS 3 

Getting ready, acing the MCAT, AMCAS, 
the application, admissions , & interviewing 

.! MEDICAL SCHOOL: 
Overview & strategies for success 

.! RESIDENCY: 
Choosing the right specialty for you! 

TIME: 
Tuesday, May 3rd, 7 pm! 

PLACE: 
The Cove, Price Center 

SPEAKER: 
William H. Bresnick, M.D. 

Physician & MeAT expert 

Hosted by 

O,kKJia. !f MT R u';U4/ & UCSD Pre-Med Club 

~ 
SPECIAL STANDBY 
, I:-tAIRF.ARES. 

It' • ...,. juat ...... In Ina _ppaitltlltenl:) 
and .tIIka the next available styIillt 

M4 511.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Siandby fares are subject to 
availability of slylists. To 
insure faster service. it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm: T-W -T 9-8pm 

. ......... --... 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive' La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Say-On) 
IVIEI'-I VVDIVIEN 



, OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltorlalBoard 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor in Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. Copy Editor 

DAN KRAUSS. News Editor 
OOUG ALEXANDER. Opinion Editor 

Tn. UCSD GuMdlMll. D\IbII.hed twice • _ lithe UnNefSiIY 01 Celllomi •• Sin DieIO. C_ 
019904. VIews •• pre.1Id _n repreaent the mojority _ of the "'_11 boerd. Ind .ro not 

_ .. ~Iy thOil 01l1li UC Board 01 R ... nta. the 4SUCSD, no, the .nU ... Gu_l." Itoll. 

UC Housing Policy Is 
Discriminatory 

As Linda Heidenreich knows, the struggle for gay rights still has a 
long way to go. After applying to live at the UCSD Mesa Graduate 
Apartments for Fall Quarter 1994, soon-to-be graduate stu~ent Lisa 
Heidenreich was startled to learn that, as a lesbian, she and her partner 
are not eligible for university housing, 

Under UC housing policy, graduate students can register as single 
students, single parents, couples or families, Because Heidenreich's part-
ner is not a UC student, the couple applied for "family housing" and then 
"couples housing," which do not require that both partners be students, The 
housing office, however, denied Heidenreich's applications because she 
and her partner are not Ulegally married." Of course, same-sex couples and 
families cannot be married under state law, Such blatant discrimination 
directly contradicts the UC's policies of non-discrimination, 

While the UC can be faulted fornot being proactive on this issue, UC 
housing policies are subject to stl!.te law. As UCSD Director of Residen-
tial Housing Larry Barrethas pointed out, changes in UChousingpolicy 
are largely contingent upon changes in California's prohibition of gay 
marriages. "If the state of California changes its statures, we will then 
accommodate," Barret said, 

Unfortunately, it may take orne time to change the laws. As the U,S. 
Supreme Court has failed to extend equal rights and equal protection 
based on sexual orientation, discrimination against gays and lesbians 
remains the norm, Legislation which would have extended the legal 
rights of marriage to gay and lesbian couples has already been shot down 
once in California, and same- ex marriage legislation in other state1i has 
suffered a similar fate. While gays and lesbians have made gains in the 
last decade, the struggle for gay rights has met heavy resistance -
sometimes in the form of explicitly anti-gay legislation - nationwide. 
In the minds of many Americans homosexuality is a sickness, if not an 
evil, which should be contained, 

Such backward thinking should not be reproduced at the Uc. 
Though the regents do not have the power to alter state or federal law, 
they should not wait for the California Legislature or the U.S. Supreme 
Court to mandate changes in UC housing policy - that could decades 
away. As Heidenreich has pointed out, Stanford has successfully 
reformed its housing policies to not discriminate against gay and lesbian 
couples. We hope that the UC, under the leadership of Jack Peltason, 
will work toward doing the same. . 

Department Closure 
Indicative of UC's Decline 

Shon of intervention by a higher power, nothing can save UCSD's 
Department of Pbysical Education. Because of state budget cuts, 
members of the Academic Senate recently proclaimed that the survival 
of the P.E. Department is unlikely. One year ago, the same senate said 
the survival ofUCSD's School of Architecture was unlikely; now. that 
school does not exist 

What does this mean for proponents of the P.E. Department? Simply 
this: the powers that be have determined that the department is unnec-
essary for the functioning of this university, so they have practically 
killed the department already. 

Science or humanities majors may scoff at the closure of the P.E. 
Department After all, we don't need excess programs taking money 
from real academics, especially during a severe budget crisis. But is the 
slow degredation of quality something we really want to suppon? First-
rate institutions don't back the gutting of programs just because they 
lack the glamour and research dollars of other departments. Instead, 
universities use all of their departments to broaden students' horizons, 

These days, campuses in the University ofCalifomia system are trying 
to keep their heads above water by cutting excess weight, letting "nones-
sential" departments sink to allow other programs to swim. But can 
anyone truly say wbich programs are essential and which are not? Any 
point of view or additional bit of information can help a.student think. The 
broader the education, the more apt a student will be in his or her field, the 
more useful to society, and so on. And the more departments and fields 
of knowledge represented in a school. the better the school's reputation. 
Harvard and Yale aren't known as excellent science schools or excellent 
sports schools - all-around quality is what brings them fame. 

The closure of departments, wbich will effectively limit the dissemi-
nation of knowledge and the quality of the campus, is the most 
regrettable effect of the budget cuts. If this bend continuca, California 
will suffer under the most pathetic, limited public education imaginable. 
When the state and regents ueonly funding a half-assededucation, they 
may as well shut us down and send students out of state, to worthwhile 
institutions that actually teach us to think and widen our perspectives. 

And with the current trend of fee increases, another state would be 
cheaper, too. 

". UCSD GunIiaa ....... , .... ,1, 19M 

PINION 

SOUTH 
AFRICA 

AI SpongfGulJfdlan 

GETI1NG DoWN 
TO BUSINESS 

COMMENTARY: The MSU and UJS must move beyond the hurt and distrust, 
and continue their struggles for truth and freedom 

By GIIye Johnson 
Senior Staff Writer 

The standoff between the Union of Jewish Students 
(UJS) and the African-American Studeot Union (AASU) 
has stirred much emocion on campus. It is therefore diffi-
cult for me to write this commentary because I feel that 
many of the arguments that have been excbaJlsed recently 
deal wilh an iBIe which is over all of our beads in an 
bistorical aod sociological 00DIext. Yet tbeIe is one fact . 
that is not over my 01' anyone elle's head: the COIItinuing 
qppresaion of people in Ibis QOUDtry, pII'-
ticuIuly, aod in the IDOIt he~ aod 
lIIIIIIhamed manner, the opprasion of 
African Americans. 

Semitism, it is not only Jewish people who feel threatened 
by the Nation's presence. African-American students are 
starving not only for some recognition on this campus, but 
for validation of their very beings as Africans in America. 
The Nation of Islam, wilh its glories and itscontroYersies, 
stepped furwud in support. This is the first issue. 

The history of Jews in America is not something I can 
pro(eIB to know firstbud. But the fact tbalthey have been 
oppmJe d is inarpable. The facI that they have IJIIdc. 
great pins in spite of this oppresaion is inarguabIe. And 

We were ooc:e again reminded of Ibis 
when the <lI6 CIf6 mill'll was vandal-
ized. Wecame IDFthershortly tbereafter 
- many different kinds of people - to 
rally against Ibis oot-lO-8W(Jrisina dis-
play of racism. This, I believe, is where 
much of the tenlIion began between the 
UJS and the AASU. In my April 14 
commentary I stated that since we were 
receiving no support from either the ad-
ministration or the AS., we were gruefuI 
and felt empowered by the Nation of 
Islam steppiJI8 forward to support Afri-
can-AmericI1II11Udents. 

Brotber Minister Rabin Mubanuned 
represented the NIIioo in ill trueIt form: 
he uticuIIIed the depdt of the iIIue at 
band IDd ecIucIIed ualbout what weare 
truly facing. He remained fearless of lip-
posina views, yet never picbd I fight, 
IDd MOIl of all, he never bacbcI down. 
Because wbenone IpeUs the truth Ibout 
black oppreAioo, one mUll be fearless 
IDd not beck down. 

AfIIcan.AIneIIe 
......... 
.... not only 
for ............. 
..... ......-,but 
for validation fill 
their v., b.", 
_AMcanaIn 
AmerIc& ..... 

the fact lllat they are Itill the object of 
hate crimes is undeniable. Speec:bes by 
a few representatives of the NO( have 
moved many Jews to make charges of 
anti-Semitism I!pinIII the Nation. Jew-
isb people everywhere have felt humili-
ated ..ad mgercd by some of the com-
IDCIdS these repreaentatives have made. 
Some Jewsbave mobilized, in ooe c:aac:, 
to form a Ietter-writinac:ampaip tbreat-
ening to revoke the fuDdilll of Howard 
University, I lUck c:oUeae which was. 
also visieea by the NO), 

The AASU's decision to allow the 
NO. to speak brought UCSD Jew. face-
to-face with what mosI of them have now 
dJoJen _ tile cootempcnry symbol of 
anti-Semitism. The NOI spoh about 
tbae very iIIues wbea • ....,. by 
JewiaIlIIudcnD at &be April 22 forum. 
The Nadoa,.".ined OJIIIi ... with its 
views, IDd JewiIb ...... cId DOt lib NaIIonol ... ... wbattbey beard. They were burt by it_ 
felt dull tile AASU .... not have em-
leD die NOt to speak, bawioa tbat if 
maIreI tbeIe typea of 0IlIftINIIIJ. Anti-
Semitilm is wry much a put our wodd 
and they do lOt WIllI to bur il at tbeir 
ownlCbooI. 'I1Iis is die IICOIld t.ue. 

with ....... . 
..... 
OOIibONNl ... 
....... ,. .. d 

What a wonderful experience for the 
few AfricIn-American IIUdeotI who at-

In.....-L 
tend Ibis aniwnity, 10 ... to the idea thIt "black" • a 
sbImel'uI tbiuc in the media, academia aad in tIIe...--
tioa of Ibis wry inllitutioa, to _ tbeIe brodMn arrive OQ 
time, MU~ weU-IIIIIIOInId, i .............. 
importIDdy, bIic:t. Tbia is a poapcNrelmpUldoeaDOt_ 
every day, IDd ill two-bour ....-e ..... CI8IIDd a 
ruc:Iwa never before witDuJld II UCSD. You line to 
quatioIl why thia is. ~ of Ibe ... of d-

De way the8e two __ relaIe ..... 
10 fir. _y ... iIIeIf ia the viciouJ diJIoaue between 
JewiIIIIDd Afric:m-Amerieaa ........ Iiace the fona 
"".a"" __ .", bowever,aadtbat iswbere 
._ ... JIOUPI- ........... FilII ~ all, weare 
........... twodiftlweat .... 'I1IeMSU feeiltIIIt 
Ifllll WS ... aJllObl-awith ... N .... afIIIIm,iI*-ld 
acIctIe.lbe Natioa, not tbc MSU. TIle UJS .. dill it 

See DMIION, PIP 7 

....... ,. Ma, Z. 19M The UCSD Gurdiaa OPINION 5 

COll8JiINTAIIY: Now that our elders have decided that our generation i4t worthless, they hope to use the media to further disempower us 

BABY BOOMED · 
IIJ .,...... J. Hurst fetcbed cbarlctcr development, its 
Stair Write, melodramatic: rock-video fetisbes. ... 

In the April 18 issue of 71te New the film buicaIIy bad about as much 
Yor"Ur, smack in the middle of a high- depth as a petri dish, even though it 
powered, fascinating article about w.writtenand~lopedbyapairof 
Pogo the aown himself, mass mur- twentynolhiDga. 
derer Jobo Wayu& Gac:y appeared in All of the c:banK:ters in R_1iIy 
one of the mipzine's typical car- BitesacledJike"AftencbooI-SpeciaI" 
IooIB. New Yori'n cartoons are a1- kids with leI lives and stubble. The 
ways lame, the same kind of cbeesy little AIDS (this ill "momentj drop 
kitacb found at Disneyland and other and the 34 seconds dedicaled to the 
higb-Wldermarbofculture.1bispu- blonde, preppy lnuIk who QOIDCS out 
tic:uIar cartooo featured a bIadt-8lld- of the cIoeet(tbis is a "momentj were 
white cbamaI of a respectabIe bour- vacuous aaempll to illllltrlte bow 
geois woman (read white) in her fif- twentyDOtbiDpJlave"issues"ontbeir 
ties wearing a rain jacket and a bald- minds. But since we can't chew 
ins. mustacbioed, middle-aged man bubblegum and get pissed oft' at the 
wearing I shirt, a tie and I pocket same time, we've decided to stick 
protector (read very white) in a book- with the former. 
store, amidst a roomful of customers Why did boomen like this innocu-
browsing tile selections. The caption OtIS piece of cinema? Fint of all, it 
beneathitran:"It'sforayoungwoman depicts a docile youth culture easily 
in the generation that knows bow to sated by video verit6, the '90s Brady 
read but doesn't feel lite it" Bunc:hization epitomized by shows 

Kids, that's us. like "Rea) World." Seamd, it illus-
I found this cartoon extremely trates that the Iess-than-tbirty artists 

amusing, but not for the same reason and intelligentsil are no threat to the 
it amuses our paIe elders who read boomers' cultural mecca. Who's the 
TMNewYorlter. They laugh because best person tostidta knifeinl Poet's 
they think we're an inside joke. I bKt? ADoIher pod, of cowsc. 
laughed because it so blatantIy re- The latest aod Ieast eloquent at-
veals our elders' disingenuous at- tack ( have seen directed It us was 
tempts to hide their disdain for us. I Andy Rooney's diatribe . on Kurt 
wish representations like this were Cobain's recent death. Rooney won-
simply an anoinaIy. _ dered if the holes in Cobain's jeans 

But they aren'L When the film were the result of "bard work" and if 
Reality Bites was released, hud sev- our generation worked at all, much 
era! praise-filled reviews and, of less live off the fat from the work of 
course, rushed out to see it. And the previous generatiom. Thanks Andy, 
film sucked - there's no other way and believe me, (won't be aying at 
to put it. Its sloppy plotting, its far- your funeral either. 

All of ... ..... 
In Realty ... acted 
.. MAfterschooI. 
SpecIal" Idds with 
.. Xav. .... 
ItIIbIJIe. ..... IttIe 
AIDS drop .... the 34 
•• COI_ dedicated to 
... blonde, preppy 
.... who COllI •• out 
of the cIa •• t w .. 
Y8CUOUS atte ... pts to 
lIIustIate how 
tw •• t)nothIngs have 
MI_ .. " on their 
........ aut ...... 
can't chew 
bubbl ...... _ 
pI ••• doff .... 
..... tllII8, W.'ve 
decided to stick with 
"'former. 

Rooney is a white octarian. Sure, 
he'slived through the Depression, but 
the Depression is hardly a fistful of 
sand compared to the Mt. Everest of 
shale his generation of pale maIes 
dumped in the faces of every lI0II-
white culture with which it has come 
in contact. And to blame us for being 
selfish is piss in the ocean compared 
to the selfishness Ronald McReagan 
bought for Mr. Rooney and his peers 
at OW' expense. When their atoms get 
splintered back into infinity, we will 
have only begun to pay back the ec0-
logical, cultural. psychological and 
economic debts the Jl""C"A"4ing four 
generations bave left us. 

Why are we so misrepresented? 
We have no power. Few pieces of 
culture which reflect youth values are 
allowed to flutter to the masses wilh-
out being grafted to a marketing 
scheme, Richard Linklater's Slacker, 
a brilliant independent film, was a 
notable exception. It depicted many 
twenynolhings • they are: sardonic, 
critical, self-aitical and even self-
lacerating. The film wasn't admitted 
to any mljor film festival until a few 
interns It the Seattle Film Festival 
ensured it a spot in illl competition. 
Since Sltder, no other film aimed at 
and created by our peen has been 
released. And television? Forget it. 

Literature is in an even worse state. 
Many novels and poetry collections 
written by and about twentynothings 
exist, butonIy in the margins of small 
publishing houses. Douglas Coupland, 
Tama Janowitz, Bret Easton Ellis: 
these writers only augment the stereo-

type that our frontal lobes are inca-
pacitated. Though many people bad 
high expectations of each of these 
writers, none has yet to evolve into a 
mature novelist. Theirnovelsand short 
stories, which supposedly speak for 
the "new lost generation," repeatedly 
depict shallow cbarac:ters and stories 
told in sloppy, unskilled prose. Writ-
erslikeDavidWojrwowicz, who have 
something to say and whose writings 
frighten middle-class imagination, 
have been hidden in the margins as 
"special interest." Maybe someone 
will storm the scene andcbange things. 
However •• long as our demograph-
ics show that we don't read (enough) 
books, the big contracts will stay above 
the 4O-yard line. 

But just because we don't con-
sume enough Knopf and Penguin 
doesn't mean we don't read. 'Zines, 
in many youth scenes, have become 
the forefront of youth culture, Unfor-
tunately, they suffer from a lack of 
publishing revenue, and few passideas 
beyond a limited geographical space. 
We need our own institutions to help 
ideas and writers ferment. 

Cyberspace, the world of e-mail, 
may be a solution to issues of discn-
franchisementand misrepresentation, 
Even though the federal government 
has recently pJaced ubitrary regula-
tions on the net, which may put unap-
proved nets out of existence and ham-
perthe growth of others, youth culture 
is still communicated via telephone 
line, modem and mainframe, Count-
less articles have detailed the intricate 

See BOOMERS. Page 8 

take Ka Ian and get 
a hi erscore. 

1·80o-CAR·FIXED (1-800-227 -3493) 
Save Money On Car Repairs 

~. ~\' c~\J'v -:,\ •• 
C\·" 

More students take Kaplan's cobrses every year than any other 
test prep company's. Call us today to find out why. 

1-800-KAP-TEST 

110010 OFF 
I all repairs* I 
I wltll tillS COUpOI I 
I Sild .. ls, I.<olly .n' .11" I 
I wi. VIII4I UCSD 10. I 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa Exit) • he." '"tor In. UII'1IiU1OtI ov .. qll. M-F 1 ... -5:30 ..... SII. 8 ... -5 pm I •• , .. H~ wi" .oy .'h. I 
L e .. , ... bpl," 113~ . 

.. ........ -I--------------------------------------~ 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

$1.00 PIzza Discs 
. 5pmmdole 

SI.OO 1000L Been 
7pmmcioM 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 2" 

WING NIGHT 
"., J,... dole. 

$2 PINT NIGHT 
from7pm dill 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACK/RED 
STEI~ NIGHT 

Steinllull of bnw for $5 
($3 with UCSO ID) 

..... $2 each .. --r-.le 
from 7 pm<Ioee 

""sMlii1on 8ML • 
......... a...t ... ..c ............ ,. .............. nd 

274-ALES 



.. -

6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian MODday, May 2, 19M 

NATION SPEECH WAS IGNORANT AND OF'F'ENSIVE 
EdJtor: 

Just as most students It UCSD. I 
am' extremely concerned lbout the 
hostile environment that penneatesour 
campus. Tragically. it is only when the 
most visible signs of hate IJId igno-
rancescreamouttotheuniversitycom-
munity does the campus feel com-
pelled to respond - usually with un-
productive ceremonial infighting. The 
defacement of the murals It the ~ 
Cafe was simply a reminder that the 
toxicity many students feel every day 
on this campus still can be articulated 
in overt forms. African Americans in 
particular are an endangered species at 
UCSD. Vicious attaclls 00 this com-
munity range from a student deriding 
a maintenance staff member with ra-
cial epithets to a swastika painted across 
Malcolm X's forehead. Glaring ex-
amples such as these are indicative of 
an institution of higher learning that 
has a very long way to go. 

Given the recent events perpetrated 
on this campus, elements of the Mri-
can-American community of San Di-
ego have extended their support to the 
students here. The Nation of Islam 
offered to come to campus to deliver 
its particular vision of black empow-
erment to the Mrican-American Stu-
dent Union on April 22. The popular 
media has portrayed a particularly 
sinister picture of the organization. 
However, like most students. I had 
neither seen nor heard directly the 
words of the NO!. I went to the forum 
to hear for myself what the NO! had to 
share so I could make my own deter-
mination of its message. Minister 
Muhammad delivered a powerful pre-
sentation that inspired and informed 
some, but hurt and angered others. 

PcrsooaUy. ) found much of his 
presentation offensive. ignonnt gar-
bage. Minister Muhammad shared 
many excellent thoughts on the 0p-
pression of people of color. what the 
defacement of the ~ represents and 
the responsibility of the black com-
munity to\ook inward to solve its own 
problems. However. especially dur-
ing the questioo IJId answer period, 
the minister's statements were laced 
with remarks that revealed that part of 
his message incorporated disttusl, frus-
tration and intolerance of "whites" 
and, in particular. members of the 
Jewish community. based on "histori-
cal" actions. Many other statements 
also made me cringe IJId groan. be-
cause ) entered looking for the posi-
tive but left with a frustrating mixture 
of emotions. ) felt that the forum must 
have left the Jewish students feeling 
as attacked as students of color feel 
every day, which is something I would 
not wish on anyone. 

But through conflict we can find 
change. Whether that change is pro-
gressive or regressive is up to the 
leadership of the campus to decide. In 
the aftermath of the forum, we have a 
few options. I suggest that charges 
and name calling stop and a cooling 
off period take place. Mistakes were 
made on both sides, in my opinion, 
andnowtheboardsofAASUandUJS 
must look to engage in a constructive 
dialogue about issues that have been 
beneath the surface for too long. Over-
all, this may tum the recent events into 
a positive if the campus places a focus 
on the need for a substantive, con-
structive educational discourse on the 
issues of race, ethnicity and class. 
These issues are not limited to the 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
TlIeo..dln..-..-1IftM Md~"" 
... tam"' ...... __ Ihe.lOedIt 
frK IIrWIh nldIrlOr. s.nd" ...... 10: 

TlIe~ 
Ophton &ftJr 

9500 GItnIn Dr. 0316 
uk*. CA 920930316 

African-American and Jewish groups 
but involve every member of the uni-
versity community. 

The most despicable quality in the 
whole affair has been the slanderous 
accusation made by Elliot Kamin 
("Readers' Forum," April 28) IJId 
friends. that I somehow embraced 
barmfuI messages spoken by Rabin 
Muhammad. Whi\e I did enter the 
forum with an open mind IJId stayed to 
get a complete picture, I did not give a 
standing ovation at the conclusion of 
the HOI forum. This false insinuation 
claimed by individuals with whom ) 
have had political differences in the 
past is inflammatory to say the least. 
Having been the object of contempt 
andnowcharacterdefamationbymem-
bers the Future Bureaucratsof America 
Oub (A.S.), I can say without hesita-
tion that "student government" at 
UCSD has reached a new low. 

Poncho J. Guevara 
A.S. president cudldate 

a..tterw..A 
......... AtbIck 
EdItor: 

I was very surprised by Mary 
Reyes' letter in regard to the invalida-
tion of the results of the ASUCSD 
presidential eledions. Unfortunately. 
instead of focusing 00 the case at 
band, Reyes c:ho&e to UIIe the GlI4rd-
imI as a medium in wbidI she can 
whine about her misfortunes and COD-
duct I Siwabessy bash-fest. 

Regardless. perhaps it is necessary 
to clarify my role at the hearing. As 
1000 IS the election was over. several 
students brought to my attention COD-
cerns about the results of the electioo. 
Many believe that these results were 
illegitimate. considering the inappr0-
priate IJId illegal posting of contro-
versial Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC) fliers. 

SAAC is an advisory committee 
of the administration. Thus, it is an 
arm of the administtation. No pan of 
the administration, including the chan-
cellor, the vice-cbanceDor or in this 
case, an advisory committee. should 
have been allowed to make a public 
endorsement of a candidate. Such an 
act is comparable to Joe Watson or 
Richard Atkinson's endorsement of ~ 
candidate. Based on this fact alone. it 
is clear that the results of the election 
were tainted. Moreover. Guevara 
chose to violate the ASUCSD elec-
tion bylaws - which ensure fair play 
for all the parties involved - by not 
claiming the fliers in question. 

Considering these facts, it was 
asked whether there were violations 
committed by Guevara. After decid-
ing that the violations were commit-

ted, Tuesday Haococ:k took the coun-
pous and bold step of filing the oom-
plaint I, 011 the other band. wu mo-
viDced to help out with the c:uc and 
act u spokesperson. By no means did 
I lee myself u an expert proeecutor.1 
was merely attempting to clarify the 
situatioitatband through I board hear-
in&-

10 ber letter, Reyes also attempted 
to compare Guevara's case with 
BartIl/ottQ v. Siwabtmy. She believes 
that the findings of Barlillott4 v. 
Siwabessy deserved a ree\edion more 
than the findings of HallCock v. 
GuewJI'/I. Reyes does not reaIizc that 
Siwabessy was removed. Guevarawas 
given a aeoond chance to run, despite 
his guilt 

NevertheIess,'1 must restate bow 
thoroughly disgusted I was by Reyes' 
letter. Reyes turned tbe case of 
Htmdcoc/c v. Guevara into Reyes v. 
Siwabessy. 

Now that the hearing is over. I 
must say that I'm glad that the invali-
dation was approved. The students 
wiD be given a second chance to vote 
against a candidate wbo gave a stand-
ing ovation to an organization with 
anti-Caucasian, anti-Semitic. anti-
Korean and anti-homosexual beliefs. 
Also, the students will be given a 
chance to vote against a candidate 
who wants to cut the already inad-
equate funded programming office 
in favor of a select few UCSD stu-
dents. Lastly. the students will be 
given a chance to vote against a can-
didate who was found guilty of unfair 
play. To this, I will quote the audi-
ence of the Nation of Islam forum, 
"Amen!" 

Randolph P. Siwabessy 

The diction has at 
least ee de · tions for 

"value~' So do we. 

MIdIrkJt6' l.C 57581160, 
."""., IIftIttC/1" JO()I "", aJ.II.OItI 

~-,.",.., .. -
"-BtxJII' 165 ~ 

GIYq peclI* om.we b Iheir money has made MacilDh" !be best~ 
penooaI alllpBOO ~ anllCl'aB !be am-
try for the put two )'nI't And thai's a trend thai I Atfot(1.lbll> ' OfllPlIlt t', hnrn Appl(> 
Is likely kl continue. Because there are Macintosh and PowaBook" models 

I II SI I 
I H)( lh·. I (H If UCSD Bookstore 

Computer Center 534-4291 

II-'y, llay 2, 19M 

rFriHis-eit~\\----
: When ~ buy one lUnch at 
I Monday throuah Friday, we'l 
I treat a friend of yours to 
I WNCH for FREEl 
I 
I 
I 
I 

HIrTy ICMI ucso. So he's IIwItq • 
ucso studIncs, facuky. and .", to 
join him ___ II am and l:lO pm.. 
Mon.-Frt.. for .. belt mill In La JoIal 

I ·~IBVEDAI.L MY ~...--...-. 
I ~~-
I 7S45 Girard Ave.. Downtown La jolla (1IN54-7381 
L Open 7 claps • Mlk.1'Ion..s.t. UI _l:lO pm. SundIp 5;]G.~ Pm --------------------~ 

Headache Su, ....... Wanted 
Don't be one tl1III 45 million 
chronic htIdadIe IUffMIs - help Is 
Mi • . IlL ......... CIfI put 
heIIIII bICIl in your Iifw . . ...... 
IIIIImenIIIId __ .... of 1111 
... IJIv.I *Y effIctNe In 1111 
IWItIftlm/pnl" ~ 
heIdIcIIes. 
.......... effec:IMIy helps 
• Auto. WIIIk IIId IIIQf1S ~ 
• Back. neck .. jaint .... 
• F •• '-.,..... dIsonIIIS 
I FREE IMnAL EXAMI I 

~,,-­
.. Ulltllllty c.... &..1, ... 110 ~. u JaIII 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES $99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4819 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
.... ___ ....IuPIN 7 DAYS • 222·0220, ____ ... 

NOTICE 
RI: Dlsestabllsh.lnt of Dlpartmlnt of 

Pbr.UcIIEducltion . 
The Academic Senate is considering a proposal to 
disestablish the Department of Physical Education. In 
response to petitions for a hearing, we are scheduling 
a hearing before the Senate Council at 3:30 p.m., on 
Monday, May 9, 1994, in Warren lecture Hall, Room 
2111, to consider the proposed disestablishment. All 
Interested parties may come and present their views. 

----- -- ~--- . --~ . ~--

The UCSD Guardian 

DIVISION: 
Groups should 
resolve differences 
CGntInued ......... 4 
IbouId ~ the AASU bec:auIe it 
was this orpniPtim wbidI fIcili-
tated the Natioo's preaeace here, and 
to the UJ8, the NOI is IIIIi-JewisII. 
The AASU is not anti-semitic, and 
the aisisofblack leadership. together 
with the fact IhaI we represent leas 

tbantwo~«an 16,(XXH1udeot 
c:mIpuI, COIIItitutes an unquesti0n-
able need for empowerment - one 
that doesn't need to be justified. Why 
is it that UCSD Jewish students only 
show interest in African Americans 
when something bappe .. wbidl they 
do not like? 

Theae issues are separate and the 
only reason they have become 
conf1ated is because. in the eyes of 
UJS, AASU disregards the feelings of 
Jews, and in the eyes of AASU, the 
UJS has become, intentionally or not, 
anti-black, and is funbermarginalizing 
the black population on campus by 
trying to equate the AASU with anti-
Semitism. Wberedowe go from bere? 
Where do we go from outhursIs by 
!Ome AASU members and the spit-
tins on the floor at the Wednesday 
forum by a Jewish student? 

The AASU. comprised of some of 
the most brilliant minds IJId some of 
the most de8erving people. has had 
charges filed against it by a Jewish 

IIUdeDI. The <Mcome could I'IIIIlt in 
the AASU -.. all rA ill funding. 
WbIl ......... babIGorpaiza-
lion iI 100lldll", entirely difrereDt 
:rom willa it ..... for a wbitI ClIp-
nizatim, eapedaIIy Jiven the lipid 
dedine of the black population 011 
c:oUege eampuaes 

A. Hesdiel once said that "only 
one question is worthy of anxiety: 
bow to live in a wodd festered with 
liea and remain unpolluted, how not to 
be stricken with despair. not to flee 
but tofigbt and succeed in keeping the 
souIlIIIIIOiIed and even aid in purify-
ing the world." 

This is a situation which calls for 
harmony between these two organi-
zations. The actions of the AASU burt 
the ms, there is no getting around 
that. The UJS hasuled up to make the 
AASU pay for it. However. UJS fails 
to realize what it means to try to 
denounce I black organization on a 
white campus. Should the UJS have 
remained silent? I would think that 
the UJS was a pathetic organization if 
it had done so. So given the dialogue. 
the constant chatter, what do we do? 

Each organization needs to realize 
Ibis proverbial shouting match is un-
productive. This situation has been a 
trap. and DOW the only thing we have 
in common is the fact that we'le both 
in it. It's time to get over the hurt, 
rea.Iize that no one is being listened to 
and get moving. It's time to work not 
ODwhatbrings us down, but what lifts 
us up. This dialogue keeps us up from 

OPINION 7 

P""Pna our biper JIUIPC*I« fIee-
dom aad truIb. 

There is DO __ in CIOI1IpUing 
oppaaioD. MIlly JeWI will CODIinue 
to pore. the HoIocauIt_equivaIent 
to s1a-my in fermI« opp IIioo.I do 
not .... especially when I lee that 
the Jewish popuJatioo (which is con-
siderably smaller in the United States 
than the black population) achieves 
II\OJe prominence and Jl'C"PS'i"S many 
more social benefits. We cannot con-
vince each other of the others' argu-
ments, but we can see the sense in 
rising above things which divide us. 

Malcolm X said, "one of the first 
~ I think young people, especially 
nowadays, should Ieam is how to see 
for younelf. If you form the habit of 
going by what otbersthinkaboutsome-
one. instead of searching that thing out 
for yourself, you will be waJJcjng west 
when you think you are walking east, 
and you will be walking east when you 
think you are goiog west. The most 
important thing that we can learn to do 
today is think for ourselves." 

The bottom line is that we have all 
been oppressed. Being asked to look 
at what your group is doing to oppress 
another group isn't anti-Semitic and 
it's not racist If you participate in that 
oppression, then your defensiveness 
is oaturaI.1f you doo't, then move on, 
that message is not meant for you. We 
all have work to do. Leave tho5e who 
fight and look ridiculous in front of 
the establishment where they are.1JId 
let's take care of business. 

The Guardian is seeking wacky opinion writers to 
infonn, amuse and outrage the literate public. 

For more info, please call the Guardian at 534-6580 



I OPINION 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
Ii? Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Coati Verde Ilvll .• 587-4844 

e 
WEMCYCU 
OURWATEII 

-~UC8D 

• 
L ....... VIII ••• Dr. 

I. 
', .... 1 Dr. 

UTe 
il 

z.® J J " 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
--~------------------- I ! . ' Full Servtce $:2 99 : 

: ~?&b~ P!! !A!!! J ........ : 
I C~R WASH Nol vllid Ilot1II any other offer, SAVE S4,ze I 
, Exphe IV1 s.94 I 
~----------------------- . 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosm~tk Services 

II. (/11.1:(d. J"",d~, .,H,IIIp/.·rr • .I/tHliKr .4/JA. CIlA. S/X:J)S 

LA JOLLA VIlJAGE PlOt"ESSIONAL CENna. 
8950 VIllA LA JOllA DL, SUITE 2103 
T.p Fl • ." JIIJI bel,i,," II" EltplJ~"t IInr 

558-3490 
E 'tllill. & Sn/"nllI' 

A,,,ill,,;tl/rs ","illllli( 

The UCSD Gaardiaa ..... , ... ,2. 19M 

GUARDIAN MISINFORMED READERS 
Eaor: 

Ia lilt 'Ibunday'l GuniM. you 
wrote: .. AccordiDa 10 our evideace. 
(Poncho] Oucvara did DOl ippIIUd 
after !be (NOll speecb. -I doD't know 
where you Jet your evidence, II tbiI 
ia ioconect. PoadIo did DOl only • 
pWId IDti-Semitic remarb JIIIde by 
NOI""" RMiD Muhammad, he 
pvc !be MiaiIta a ....... 0YItiaa. 
Poac:bo himIelf mipt "ve IOId you 
oIberwiIe, but doa't you tbiDk he .... 
every reaon to cover biJIIIelf? Ita 

BOOMERS: 
We should not buy 
into elders' ideology 
ContInued from ..... I 
IIOCiaI SlluCturesermed bycyberc::om-
IIIIIDic:ation. The net c:onnec:ts people 

. 1J'OUDd the globe, helping to shatter 
the medii'S domain as "truth deliv-
erer." Hopefully our elected 1eadcrs 
won't grow more zealous in the future 
and ellllCt legislation to aub net lJSI8C 
(much like they did by acating FCC 
minimum broadcasting mandates, 
which eliminate undeqpouDd radio 
stations because of bigh COIts.) How-
ever, even if the govemmeDI does 
keep to ilaelf, cybenplce will draw 
class IIld ethnic lines as the CXlIDpUter 
evoIutioo Idds more IIld more bud-
ware to ilB list of essentials. We may 
be able to axnmunicate, but not all 
voices will be beard. 

Music - well, that takes us '** 
to Kurt Cohein, doesn't it? His was a 
story ofdiaempowermem caused both 
by !be people who profited from bis 
success IIId the kids who bougbt bis 
music. This IlIfer group is exception-

ForM 
ally fruIIratina. 

QJbeiD did not 'NIIIt ID end up 
workiDa ItTower RecordI SeIttle for 
the l'CItofbis life, he wanted his peen 
to be able to get his millie: It !be local 
Wal-mart. But inteDtioo IIld reality 
were never Slid to be linked: what he 
wanted is certainly not what he got. 
He wanted to make a point, but he 
eaded up sclling units, pimple medi-
cation IIld deodorant, all of which bis 
audience gobbled up, perfect refIcc. 
tica of their pareuIs' values. If !be 
IOUroC of cynicism, nibilism aDd pes-
simism is I c::ombiDatioo of both your 
eldl!fs' lad peen' altitudes, I UDder-
stud comp1eeely what aoIace a 30.06 
shotsun IbeU must "ve oft'ered. 

So where are we? I wish I oouId 
just prell a red pusb-pin into a map 
IIld say with certaiaty, "We're here." 
I don't know exac:tly were "here" is, 
Ibougb. I caa see IaDdmarb and a 
liaJc foIiIae, bur a dUct blanket of 
smos aJVen the tcposPpbic vista. 
What I see is a trIIbed world where 
oureldcn lie to UlID maximm, profit, 
and ridicule UllDmaiDtaiDtbeirpower. 

On !be finI day of my junior year 
of bigh adIooI, my literature teacher 

boda JoeathaD Sorpr ud Elliot 
Kamin. wedPaDo'iOVIb,I 
am DOl aloDc iIlbaviDalOCll ill bow 
IDIIlY0then ... deaII .... nrilnn ed it 
too. PIcaie let you ..... Imow the 
truth. 

EdiIors' ttt*: s..J 011 lite taIimOIIy 
of...".,. MIia\ we ctIIISiiIered~­

,..tI1Id~ HCIJItCIwIaI 
., GIM!IIWG dJiJ IlOl 1M" ..".", 
0WId0n fIjter • NOI.,.:JL 

berated !be clMafar DOl meuuriD& up 
ID dasscs of !be pill A1tboup he 
later toot it bid, !be kickltillliDps. 
AbuIed puppies don't flOW up into 
weU-adjulfecl dopjull bccauae their 
ownera will it - they're DOiay, !bey 
bite, they shit 00 the rug. 

I don't bave a c:IeIroQlt lIDIution, but 
here's a brief list of ideas to make our 
elden' lives a little 1ess pleasant. Fint 
of all, milk yOlD' pemIIs foreverytbing 
you can get. Second, stea1 from your 
employer. Do you know the old adage 
"sclling hurls everyone?" Well, it hurts 
older people more because they COIl-
sume more. And most of all, avoid 
consuming baby-boomer culture. I 
know, I know, it's like trying 10 avoid 
plastics. Just doD't pve into their 
worIdview, their one""'1Jtioa-to.C:v-
cry-problem ideology. Kaow bow ID 
Jausb It )'OUISCJf ("Beavis and Butt-
beadj IUd IaJgw wbca you're being 
mdek>lootlibafooi ("MIV'sSpriD& 
BIeakj.lt'. okay k> IacaaIe yourself, 
just don't do it bec:a1a mommy IIld 
daddy will (Ill yoo 00 the t.dt IIld be 
your friend if you do. We need I few 
Iharp .miodI UOUDd wbeo it comes 
time to start bombing McDooaId's. 

La 
lila 
Del Sol 

So, YOU've decided 
UCSD's the university, 
but you don't know 
where to find the 
petfect apartment. 
We do! 
La Jolla Del Sol. 

• AT LA JOLLA COLONY. a UCSD affiliated apanment community, 

snJDENTS • FACULTY • STAFF WELCOME! 
Introducing the new SPARCstation 
Voyager. It's an innovative way to 
save desk space without sacrificing 
powerful performance. Come and 
see for yourself Monday, May 3rd 
any time between 10:00 & 3:00 in 
front of the UCSD Bookstore. 

We invite you to experience living in a picturesque setting in the 
heart of La Jolla's famous Golden Triangle, just minutes from some 
of California's most beautiful coastline. 
(.aJoOa Del Sol. .• near UCSO ••• near everything. 

• One and two bedroom apartments 
• 1Wo sparkling swimming pools 
• 1Wo relaxing spas 
• 1\vo lighted tennJs COurts 
• Full size washers and ctr,ers 
.Weightroom 

~ • Bicycle racks • Visitor's Inn Suites miIable for residents' guesIs 8046 Regents Road 
( 41 III P II t t· r (. \' II t t' r ~ J 4 - 4 ~ () I San 01.,. CA 92122 (619) 587,1221 J -

Moacla,.,"a,. 2. 19M 

TESTNG: 
Educators emphasize 
AIDS prevention 
ContInued from .... 3 

The qUCIItioo mlnV testing is oot 
the only iIIue thai needs to be ad-
dressed, according to SDSU'I 
Mc:Ouire. "We have a good number 
of students deciding to <XllDC in aDd 
getteated butl wouldn't really say 
that'. IUCCCIIful because it depends 
on bow you define sua:ss. Are the 
studenIs proICCting themselvcsfrom 
seaiDg infecfed in the first place?" 
She emphasized the idea thai real 
suooess would mean completely pre-
venting the contraction of the virus. 

According to peer educator 
Narayan, who is also a teaching 
assistant for the contempory is-
sues class that deals with the AIDS 
epidemic, education through 
classes like this one may be part of 
a solution. "I think this class is 
making people aware of issues out 
there. I think that the class is help-
ing people deal with their fears of 
being tested and is making people 
more comfortable with the idea of 
getting an HIV antibody test," said 
Narayan. 

Tune Ups now 
$30 Jon-Iy 135 

The UCSD Guardian 

c s 

FREEv. .. .......,NI .... 
R.palrela .... 
Meet at 5:30 behind the shop. 

NEWS 9 

~~~ Kound Table rl1Z8 
INlIWtIII TfAM 1111 WEll 
_. II .. ' F_.R 
This group of'haoIes has actually earned more thon just a IiIom of 
the week. This squad has dominated any kind of football thot is 
played on this campus. When it cam .. to the pigskin these guys 
are on a level of their own. Three 'AM flog footboU champion-
ships and thr .. Hawaiian FooIboU championships. Rumor has it 
that they or. already soliwting OYer the upcoming 4-On-4 football 
tourney during the Sun God Sports F.stival. I know one thing, I'd 
certainly put more thon a raw bucb on Big AI in Vegas to win it 
all. on your FooIboII dynastyl 

Two eSsential 
1114 FALL MARK"ING 

OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE 
AlAT IS see.ina amblliol.s. 3a1~18C 
stuoents :0 parllCIOale , our 7.(jay on-
camous 'na"ellng ;-ogram selling 
AT&T OlcouelS do serv' : ~s . Hours are 
flexlb l' Nlln :op CC'T1 oensallon & 
bonuses. \-IUSI ~e avalla~le 1 - 2 weeks 
p/lor 10 me stan of classes. We neeo: 

• 

ingredients 
for a perfect 

date: 

A date and thiS. 

AT&T STUDENT 
CAMPUS MANAGER 

To be resoonslbie tol O\Ie'alllMlnt imple-
mentatIOn. dally manage'T1eOl & tlalnlng 
of slueent glOUO, Aeau 'es slrong ieao-
ersnlp aOlllty. P·,or maragemenllsales-
relaled ~.cerrene. a :IUS. Must be 
IMIllable to a"end NatlCn81 TraIning on 
AugUSt J - 5. 1994. 
AT&T ASUITANT STUDENT 

CAMPUS MANAGER 
To manage a c;rouo of SH.oents on a dally 
baSIS anc asSISt With OY!'alllMlnt Imple-
meniallcn, Sa leslleaae~nlo expelien<:e 
a plus. 

AT&T STUDENT REPI 
CAMPUS GROUP 

To aCI as our on-camcus leplesenla-
lives . /,lusl ~e oUIgc ng and sales 
onenteo. 70 fino oul mere about these 
greal opoortunslles. call - 800 592,212~ . 
ex t. 35i . 01 send resume to C Ol 
AT&T Aec,ullmenl. 1500 Walnut 511eel , 
19th II., ?~Ilaoe !ohta , ?:. 19102, 01 fax : 
215732-1840. 

~~ICOD::lt1untfY :~ 

BUY ON. CQS' a::o GET 
2nd HALF PRIC. 



10 NEWS 

summer 
sesslonM 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Choose from two five-week .. $.e.$$iQDS: ...... ,( 

:;u~~~s'!:~2 "'0~~I1t-j~ 

~§~g~~ij~' 
Extension Complex. ~~i1ding ,,~ :~~ thl;oQgb .. :;:'·:;l;:j:!': ' 
Friday. 8 a.rTt~4;30 p .m.~ Or .~:5~4j4~64- "/' 

~ -'\. -:, .. ::::.::'.):=:\:::, ..... :.:.:.' .... ;': 

...... UCSD Caardiaa 

for our annual pre-inventory 
May Safe 

-- sefected items 50% off ! 
yet a sport 600 ji£{etf with goodies 

...... \l1li ~5 
~wrAlS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSFS . . 
;:$129-

........ -
• GIAsIa 1UUCA1ID 
·COWUIIm_ 

. ,.....-. ......, 

" IWIA IIPMIX 

••• 

at a special price, or ta~ advantooe of our~ 
'May Safe film special: 

(jet a certificate good for a ~~/E 5~? coCor enf41aement 
from your faVorite negative wfien you tUvelop any ro{[ of 

coWr print film at tlit Sunshine Storelll 
Offer gooa !May 2-7 

rormore infontUltion, ca£[ 534-2875 

...... ,., .. ,. 2, 19M 

AASU: Judicial 
Board to review 
S_.!.&L .0 °hiJj°ty ""'" e IgI- -
ConIInued ,... ..... 1. 

T .. quoeed ........... ofthe 
MSUIfXDOI"dbum,lIIegiDgthat 
&menan made an announcement 
whicb m.y have turned the fOlUOl 
into • political ptbering. 

Accordinato Teaak, EdmCflOn 
said, --nu.iuAASUewnt. We did 
not come to barlbe NOI juIIifying 
wbeda or not it is 1IIti-Semitic: or 
wbedatbey IibJewL This is not the 
topic. Now, bopefuIly. the next per. 
IOD bas a question about bid em· 
p.Mamet1t, the defacement of the 
016 Caf6 or how we can unify IS 
• people ... this is what the foNDl 
is about, DOt anti·Semitism. So, if 
your question is to uk them 
whether or not they ' re anti· 
Semitic, I think you should step 
out of the line." 

According to Tesak, if the Ju· 
dicial Board finds "new evidence" 
that the AASU should be reviewed . 
for funding eligibility under Smith, 
the SOFEB will make. final deci· 
sion on the cue. If the forum is 
ruled to be political, the AASU 
will be reclassified IS • political 
organization, students will be re-
funded money already paid to the 
organization, and the AASU will 

....... ,... ..... r. 

_ ............ ' ... .u. ........ 
W ............. decidedlo fiIe"'- theAAIU Ne.III •• 

die Muir ,..11 e.Jti¥e 10 tile 
ICJIIE8. ., •• .., --., .... 
.. failed aad ..., ... .,. apia. 
... [the AASUJ ......... be eli· 
........ 31" ..... • 

W ............. ,. ... 
_Ilia belief ........ Il0l ...... 
.... vioIIW the ............ . 

-n..iI_'« ; t.at 
c.-pc*iI",,,, ... 1IitI. ,_. 
...... ( ...... 1'111 -"l\""" 
atidea_nat ..... to ....... • 

Waper _ .... oIijedIN lID the 
neIlina of NOI Ii ....... at the 

. forum, calli... it a "'eDue of 
fIJJIdrai.iDa." provided by the 
AASU. 

AcconIiD& to both Teuk aad 
WIpLW, Cbec:.e II camatly bein& 
mediated util the Judicial Board 
dec:idea wheIber or DOl the AASU 
II to be reviewed by tile $OPES. 

"It is uDder mediadoa ia hopes 
of ...... i"l • campnIIIliae. I tbiat 
the AASU pIaJa .. iIIIporqat role 
OR campua." W .... er said. He 
Idded that it was Ibe AASU·. re-
cent propIIIlIIliaa that lIad been 
Oawecl. 

W.gn.r is akiD, that the 
MSU 8dapt the recent A.S. res0-
lution denouncina hatred and in· 
tolerance, apoloaize to any poupa 
which miabt have been ofteaded 
and agree to a.ply with SIffitII in 
the future. 

"1beae are my ,oaIa," laid 
Waper, addm, th.t there wu 
room for DII'CJIiatioa ia bow tboIe 
........... be iatplemeated. 

....... " .. ,2, 19M The UCSD Guardiaa 

. . ' . 

REEK" C LUMNS 
.. . . 

Sigma Chi Derby 
Days 1994 

Kaplan Offers Test 
Drive for Students 

Sipia Qi Fntemity will bebomDa 
ill fifth uaual Dolby Days from May 
11-14. All Dille IOIOrities participate in 
thisplliluthropiceventtorailemooey 
for the San Diego Coalition for the 
Homeleu auddle Cllildrea'. Miracle. 
Network, a non-profit allilDce of 
boIpital. aud besllb care fdities for 
dIilckea. 

-We will probIbly raise around 
$3000 Ibis year," laid <llriI 
Derby Days CbalnnID. 

The sororities 
compete in various 
evenll to determine the 
overall Derby Days 
cbampion. The 
wiMing sororil)' will 
receive $200. 
donated 00 beIlllf ~If I 
tbe Sigma Cbl .........:.~-::;::;.-
Fraternity with the J 
rem.ining money 
raised to be donaIecI to Sipla au's 
.apec:tive pbillllduopies. -As Iooa u 
you are Pili to be raisiag money for 
c:baril)', you ... t u well have fun 
wbile you are doini It." laid Yunker. 

Daby Days kicb off on M.y 11 
witb .n evening .t Porter's Pub. 
Puddle town Tom .nd Pe.ceful 

. Meadowa are two of die banda who 
will be perfamIiDa. On Friday,. bar-
b-c:ue will tab place at die Price Center 

w.ltw.y. wbere $4 will buy. IFC aud Paabelleaic:, in usociation 
bamburJer. drink, Derby Days muc. with Kaplan wU spolllOr I Kaplan 
.nd entrance in • r.ffle for an Test Drive on Saturday, M.y 1 from 
opportuDil)'towiDvariouapdzea. These lOAM-2PM in Solis Hall 104 audl01 
events are open to allltUdents to join aud Copitive Science 001 and 002. 
and w.tch. "We' re trying to make it 1beteatdrive.opentoallll\ldentswill 
moreopontothec:ampua ..... toinvolve inclUde tile MCAT, LSAT, GMAT 
more people. Cltpand and m.ke it aud GRE teItI. 
biller," laid Yunker. 1be moc:t tesl, the same pre-test 

In addition, the sororities will have aiven out to students who sign up for 
ewolI.1bisyar'sDerbyDays the Kaplan prep classes will allow 

includes • Volleyball studeots the opportunity to be plated 
Tourn.ment, I in the same setting u if an actuaJ test 
Swingin' Sig wu administered without any COSII. 
Marlthon .nd Up Following the mock tests, I strategy 
SyndVTalentSbow. seuioaiaofferedonWedaesday.May 
1be flDai aud most 18 from 1-8PM in Warren Lecture 
important event of 
Derby D.y. i, 
"phil.ntbropy 
day." The purpose 
of this day is to 
provide "band,· 

on" volunteer service in 1he San Die., 
CommuniI)' for orpnizations, IUCb u 
homeless sheltera and wort for city 
offici .... 

To c:oocJude Derby Daya, 011 May 
14, • party illCheduled to tbaat the 
puticipatiag IOIOritiea who helped the 
succeu of Derby Days. Some of the 
IIpOOIOrI for die week 10lIl events 
inc:ID AlpiDe seer-, Poor Brothers 
PoUIoOlipl,audRally'sHamburgers. 

Hall for students 10 evalulte their 
performance_ 

At the give back session, students 
will receive. computer print oul of 
their lest score wilh an indeplh 
evalu.tion of their strengths .nd 
_Immu u well u tipa to improve 
their ICOI'e5 1he nat time IIId • guide 
to the beat l&udy routes. 

"I think tbi' will be • good 
opportwIiI)' for ........ 11 to pt • feel 
for what die IIestI are lite aud receive 
feedback .t the _ time without 
bavinglo loee anytlliag {money)," said 
San ......... , DinIctorofRch'C'ldonal 
DevelopllleDt. 

1be Moc:t K.apIaa, tatiag pl~ for 

Sports Corner Fndemltes to Take 
- It WIID't • typic:aIecene at BIte OUt of Pizza 

Outstanding 
Greek ,.....4====-....., Will Ropra State IIeadI 011 EatIng Contest 

April 16 and 17. S.wilies 
flue .............. Califontia, 
lad ..... half of die ..... at 
UCSD ftoc:bd eo die .... ... 
• w __ ... 1 of I ...... 
¥III' ........... .... 

~~~;r-=~ Inter-IororiIJ V .. I.,ltail Tour '.I(IIVI) ...... ., theUCs.. ..... c:lllplerof .... 
Lambda 011 ~ " ..... ,. 

nie,..' .......... ... 
IIDCbiD& ..... rl It a.M ... 
,....... 4 111Ih ........ ... 
".rcut ........... en 
d.finitel, ..... .Dlle,..ali • 
pt" ................... .... 
wu .. lId .......... 

Alpha 011 o-p ,..... tbeir 
RlldtripIoLoa~ .......... 
Alpb. an Omep pieced ftftII 
CMDU. ..... Hale bit rl .. 
DieF in die ...... rl .... Moak:a 
wi ....... S. . ...... hiaiat. 
rei ....... .,.. _ UIICUaIeIt.d 

~ ability, ani, to Ic.e ill tile 
quatIIrftaaIa to ICIppa AIpIaa 'I1IeIa 
.from UCSB.1he.,.... c:baapL 

Aa lor tile __ .......... .... 
.......... t 1IIeIf ... dIIace for 

TaItiD' IbouI • IIioe of die IO!'d 
IiIL. 
... .......... ,.... e.cb of 

uta'. 16 "-.IIi .. will ..... in 
........... ~_Prida, . ..." 
__ .tIIe frioa 0IMrr.1poaIcnd 
., .... CIIicIp ............. .. 
••• 11-....... .., ..... ., 
... .... CIIIJI ..... ...,a. ca.Mle •• a._ ........ wiII_ 
".be ...... 10 .. ,.......,,'. 
.......... • 1,1cep+."''' 
.... ,.., lit be ....,... ., .... 

t ,Ia.·. 6 I.,. 
-Alalrl ... II ......... 

.. La""" s __ INa 
UCSD •• tIde.ta.· .....ted Pa" 
It ''', .. rllll' ......... -we 
...... .., ............. 10 .... 
.....lortbeirlDfakJ ..... • .... _ 
time. 1IIae& • ......,~. w.· .. 
JooJdna forwInt lit • Idio...,.c:bd 
1ftrmDaa·. 

.... 0ic:aF Ptz.riaI, wIIidl aJao 
.. 1OCIItd ill l4aM BeadI. Newport 
...... s.....-. ............ Seal 
BtadI aDd sx,..~ .... 
................. ~cdtb' 

!be ..... 10 ,. IlIeir ..... 01 ......... ....,. ...... 11 11111 
pnctice ... htil .... _ ..... CaI .... ' ............... 1'lIe,.. 
CIIIIIpId ..... _itiw IIIIIIide II".,.." ,...... 0Nap CNM 
rl UCSD. II. I .......... cdIic far bocb 

"IM.LA· ...... r ..-..s 

TIIe_ ..... ........, .... the 
..... rl .. beacIIea ........ with 
...... ___ ......... of 
dIe ... rl ........... ...,_ 
dip • i +1 .,....-pa1fecl 
........... ol ... I ... • .. ........ 
,. .... AMe. ........ _ 
.. .. ,. ..... , d' iadle 
• t ..... '. I' ..... __ 
...................... 
........ 0 " ......... 1 
.. ts I.JaD.c. ...... ...... 
II" at fl. 

..... ___ ....... 01 
............... Ic .. -....rdI 
C h ......... D.C.1Ie 
wII ............. o-_. 

~rl ... C hi."''' 
rl die • p lllme _ I I .... ill 
1he s.n .,. I*ric:t. Ilia ..... 
1a:lIIIIe.-dl ...... OIII'ctMeto 
be .... .., ... _. 'lime r.ty in 
....,plx I._e ap I .... 

n. lppIicadaa tur ... -...up 
..,. 1IPia •• 6de with • Ideded few 
ctIo... to p.rdclp.te In Ihe 
CO ... itt •• •• pro.r.... -After 
paC lin. e .. ,... IooIdac for • 
..................... -I believe 
tIIia ill. II,. die ...., poinl for 
., poIiIic:aI ....... 

11111 I I t Ip wlllIIIC .. die fint 
....... _ .... _ IIiIIIIelf in 

the first.t UCSD bu been adminiatered 
on campuses including UCLA, ua 
and UCB which hive been mel with 
extreme SUCCICSS and positive attitudes. 
The program is designed and offered 
to students in order to provide them 
with motivatioototaketheprepclasses 
and give them positive reinforcement 
in hopes of increasing their 
perfonnance and giving them an edge 
over other students in .ppl ying to 
schools beyond undergradu.te SlUdics_ 

"Overall, the Mock Kaplan is a 
positive experience with nothing 10 
lose," Bachman said, "Ind everything 
to g.in"_ 

Other possible programs for the 
future involving PlDhellenic, IFe and 
Klplan include a GRE Seminar. For 
any questions on the test drive or the 
eums in general, please contact the 
Kaplan center al (619) 217-6744. 

If you are interested in writing for 
the Greek Columns, stop by or call 
the IFC/Pllllbelleoic office located on 
!be tbird tloor of the Price Center. 

Richard Mo NlxoD 
1913·1994 

• •••••• 

IJIC= • e 
u.a. 

IliJil. 
.. II • 

��t._ ___ ._........ • 

aM ____________ 1 _ as 

... . -
1ICIL- .. -DI _ .. __ . ___ • Ift.s 1111' ____ . _ _____ • ______ .. 
1)811 ________ • ___ .. ____ ... _____ .. 

~ -__________ • _ -..s 
.... _. __ .. ___ J 115.5 
.. . __ .. _. _____ . s _ __ I. 
EAW ____________ u.s ___ .. ___ 1'5.5 
.111.. .. _ .. _______ ..... ___ ... S _ ______ 129 
Dl. ___ __________ 45 __ . _ " 
.T6 ... _ ..... _ ........... _ .. _ J ___ ._ ... a 
ATQ . __ ._ .. _ .. _ .. _ .... __ ... 0 _ .. _____ .. __ .... 0 

p n. I. '. 
AXQ _ ... _ .. _ ......... _ .. _._ .. __ • _______ .. 4IIS 
ur .. __ .. ____ .... _. __ .... ____ ______ . _____ • __ . __ 425 
666 _ ........... .. _ ... _ ..... _ .• __ • __ ... _ .. _. ________ .. J90 
XQ _ .. _____________ .. ____ .. ___ . ___ .. _ .. _ .... _ .. __ JIO 
6r __ .. _ .. _. __ ...... ____ .. __ ..... ___ ... _. ___________ 281..5 
AOI1 .............. _. __ .. ______ ._., 
IX _. _______ .. __ ._ .. _____ ._ .. ___ .. __ • ____ ..... ZlO 
11M __ ... _ ..... __ •• ____ __ 217..5 
ICA8 _____ ..... ______. .. 115 

Upcoming Sports III· ......... of SeN .... 
Mat 11-12.. .• __ " t Er.le...... C II' ......... ..... 
May 12-1 .... _ .... IlieIItt Data .'.~"-6a~lWOu 

poIidc:L He II ....... oltlle UCSD 
y ..... , I I ..... ..u • the • 

NcMIh HoehnWI 
T ..... ~ 

Mat 17-19 ... _ .. _........IFC W....,..., Jc6 II sh- 1025 ....... Ava, 
Mat 22.. .......... , t 'nnk VoIIeJbd 4S4-9JfO_II7Jv.LaJallaDrM, 
Mat Z3-25 ............... _ •• .JIIC SoftbIll 455-0662. 

Y.., Rep '" - ollaalMeF. 
...... abo .... d .... poallioa of 
"" It'lIIilllIiI" ..... ' .... plltyear 
_enal", lIaNI ... tltlaolCllaplan 

Can •• _ 
.......... 
....... Qn 

..... 10 .. _. 

Do you know who 
SAT prap for their 

o chooses to provide 
."u·"'rd Bound m? KAPLAN· 

Th choose ....._ .. _-.. 

11 



, 

12 CALENDAR 

~C(UfMIC SEl'tVICES 
....... ,. 

• "'m.-4:JC1p ..... Man.-nu.. ........ --. .... fll. - n. ~ 
........ "....1IfMIIe UIIMa ....... IO ...... 
""-............. natEftglllll_IO ......... III 
f_.o.mw.. ...... ~ ....... _""".'_A 
dIIigoIOIIIIc _ on ..... EftgIIIII .......... on .....-. CII 
D4-2841or _ 1nIDtoNIIon . ..... c..r ..... A. 1114. 
.1&111.-4:3CIp ...... Mon.·nu... I&III.-lp.m .. frt.-n.~ 
........ • ............ IIfMIIe-............. - .... COO ..... _IO ... __ ...... ~.sww .. 
.... _-" ................ -................. . 
8Iop by YIJIIr HIlI ~ or cal __ 734t 10 .."..... .. . 
~ 
• ....... -4:3CIp.m. Man..nu... "'m.· lp.m. frt. -LAII ~ 

~ .... 1.lnlc:.-... you .. .-_ ..... ~ 
................ - .... -awy.II....-y. .... 

~ .-.g. -..., -....,., ... _ O/IIIEJlNI,T/ 
MCAT..t.I ................ '. 8Iop by YIJIIr H111140100r caI __ 
734t1O III up ....... IIIPI · ........... AIIo.IIIiy ..... ~ 
IDr ......... 0A8I8 8Iudy .... ___ ... ORE 

~8pedaII. 
• Ila.m.-4:30 p ..... Man.·frt.- The 0As. WI1IIIII ~ II • 
tr ........ Ior .. UC8O ............ We _ one 10 one ....... 
001 ..... _ IDr 11ft Iype 01 ...... .,.qed • :.~llIlc ~ 

~ ___ • ____ . O" .. dlrWlad 

1nIWIJ- CIrI help you -... • more IIIIc:INa wrIIIf. 
ColI __ 221410 _ OIl oppoi_ or cInlp by 0Uf coIIIca In 
... aid SIudonI CanIor. a.-.g A. room 21 • . 

AbIdoy. Moly 2 
.,oa.m. - ,.,.,..."'-'*Y ......... - Comm. 01 Mar.tlaoI 
CoIIago .-.. DaWI·. Conferonoe rm. til !he 1wioIIn. 1IuIdIng. 
(WMIy) 
• a-a:eop.m. -~ -.... - OASIS - SIudy Mal-
..... CanIor. YIJIIr H11114010. ~tilion ,_ .. ,._. 
F_. 5:W-734t. 

Tll<ncMy. Ale)' 5 
.,00lO:5Qa.m. -~T ......... - OAStS · SludyMal-
..... CanIor. _ Hili 4010. Pretegiltr.1on __ . 
F_. 5304-734-4. 

LECTURES 
AIondoY. Ale)' 11 

• Sp.m. - 1'\.0 .....-_ .......... , UCID - AlII 
_ . _ deiagII. 10 ... UK. wiI opuIt In ilia PI1co 
c.m... e.Inxom. He ... p<-.t • ~ entitled. ·P .... InII. A SItU In lllalotaldng.' F ___ 10 ... public. 

r ....... y. MoIy3 
• 5:3C).7:3Op.m. - .1'rtncIpIM tar ... De •• lop_1I of .. 

_~ .. A ...... ......-·- R. IINceM ... _ 
Wit UrWeItIy ~. ucso UbrIItIa. ThIa II1II ... pI...o 
......... d.-.g ...... T ............... __ 
lion w.-... Forum 10"""" ..- _ dIaIIng_ 
... NoIIonII ............. 1nfuUructuno. Topico ~ Ilia Filii 
AnwlctoorIt. prNacy . ............ PfopaIIy.~. equiIaobIa IIC> 
_ . wnd ....... _ ... , . ApplIed PIiyIIcII MIiIhM'nIoIIcIIIuIId-
Ing. Room 4301 . 
• ' :45p.m. - lila UnIon 01 ~ ~ ptoudIy ~ 
__ JeflIO ..- on "'1DpiI: "Can _ ... Goo! • 
,...,.,. Studont ~ Cent.- en ilia II*d 100< ... PI1co 
c.m.... ColI 534-41244 lor _ . 

WMoaodoty. UoIy 4 
• :!p.m. - UCSO Dep_~ '" SodoIagy. ColloquIum 8aftIo In ~ PaIIIca _ 0eY0Iapr0wiI: __ a.o. ~ 

Urind~. C'O'W~u.w.oIIy.·CU; .... 11 • 
of"'~" 0..-11.,,,, CMnI Eurapa .• 7f111 HOI-
........ I 8odoI ~ 1IuIdng. lila JoeapIo R. QuoIWd 
Room. 
• 3-Sp.m. - _ ....- on IoIeidco _ U.S.·_ 
_ : ·OotpaWld. ~""'MnIoo"""'_ 
....... - ....... '"-. ac:onomIII. 0ccid0nIIiI CoIogo: VIol· Ing _. ~ IId>ooI 01 __ _ 

,.... ....... UCSO. HokI.~"",""'''' ~c..r 
ConIwwIcI Room. ....... of Ie -.... 00mpIe0c. 
.5p. .... -·,.....~ ...... III~_ea.ot 
.,..... "'-.. ~ Ragor -.g ..... ~ 8pao.-I by 
8CAN8 _ .. ecv- 8donco DIpwIlwt. C8B OCM 

7IiI.ndooy. Moly 5 
• ~:3Op.m. - lila Ethnic 8tudIao ~ ~ ·AIi 
_.LIII,._GM:Ia. ~"'~8tudIao_ 
-...y. UC Bonta -.. _ Ban c-. CIiicono __ 
Room all~ __ L-.. HIlI. 
• 7:30p.m. - SIoryIahr _ ....... elecmJnlc _ l.aoottIIo aor.N...-_ ............... ~ .. 
....... on. lid by 8urnnef c:or.w-. tilCRCA 408 MMe. F .... 

FrtdIty. UoIy , 
.,a-lp.m. - n. PnlgrIm In ~ 8IudIeI...-.1oe-
.... ~ ....... MtOoNkI"""'IIia'"-o.p...-__ 
.-...., --........... poIIotoi: _ .......... . ThII __ .. ~ .. IKllIy. __ ... ..-

........... 1iItng. -* k.IIdI. L-...1ocMod In HISS ... . 

I':E~ Tti ~D FITI'ESS 
On-Plfl 

• - Spo1ngIIma II ..... _ ... -.!ng .... ....",. fITSTOIi 
... gIIIa YOU. FREE __ ..... __ help you ~ ••• 
_ PfOOIWIi togIIIer. sq, up 101 .... oppoi _ ~ en Ilia ..... 
ond 100< "' __ - -,. t\ONIiIIY) 

AbIdIr-TINIodIy 
• 1oIon./Wad .. 11 ·1t :5Oa.m , 1·, :eop.m.: T .... ./Thufa .. 12· 
12:eop.m. - ,.... - A ... _Ing program oponaared 
by SIudanI HIIIIh ~ (SHo\). Got In lIoope for.......t 
BrIng yow 1rllndll1'un. _ 1--'1 Meet • ilia Sun God. 
IIegIne 101oo*y. ApoIl' ......... oprIng quaotar. For Info . ... 
534-317~. ,.,...,) 
• Man .• 211.111.: TuM .• loa.m. 11p.m.: Wed .• HLm. ' lp.m.; 
n... .. loa. .... , lp.m. - 1ft .... _ .... to .., '-" 
.................. _, -n.. you _ oome to • W-'. 
s-IIII _ InIo 1IaaaIon. wIara you got vlOluabie controocep-
lion ~ and. fREE CONDOM! 'Ibu Il1o ...... -.. Ie 
paMc _ . STOo _ morel 0II0red -.y. ilia _ Ed. 
Rm .. 2nd 100<01 SHS. 

CLl.JSS (U'1D t<'\EETr16S 
AbIdoy. UoIy ~ 

• "7p.m. -WWlWft ......... C--""' - Come 
__ ... _II-.otftntona_. VoIu __ . 
WAC. _10 SolI ""--. (WMIy) 
• 7p.m. -CINIo K ~"'_wI MMInga - Held til ~ 
8 In Ilia PYtco CanIor. (weeIdyJ 
.7p.lII. - LeoIiIIn _ ....... AT 1111 ... , GenaraI-' 
_ ..-,g. _ '. _ CanIor. Come OUI _ got 
-,.,..." 

•• :t-.3Op.IIi. - ........... "IOi"_ ThllII.·_ 
-.glor ___ ........... ...,'-.~ 
rn,. ~ 1iUIy. _ '. RooouICl CanIM ~ .... 
and ....... WIIoome). ColI MO-,.,. -'-'11Dr _liii0: 
(weeIdyJ 

n..dotI...", 
.'2pm. - u. ..... - Room laoe.lIIDkIwliulldlng" MUIf( 
........ ,....,." 

.3:3OpJII. -lIowI'" ounnIng _7 Cama)oln ........ ..... 

...... a.. 1IIIwIat -lhuooIIIir • 3:30p.m. _ ... . 
ICILIII. /III .... WIIoome ............. Gad. f .... CoIIJaaIIuI 
.... _...,Ior_ ... ~ 
.......... - ..................... __ ... -

.. • ......... OAInI""--........... fCAHI-

............. c:on.o..r~ ~ 
MINtI_ .. ..., 4 

........ -UlCM ................. CT I .... 

............. - .............. ICIoII .... uceo 

............. PIlla Cw'IIIw D ..... _ "'-'- hwyana 

........ 

• UCIII"" - .... _ ....... - Ua pIroytne In 
____ • I ", ............. Ior ..... ....... 

l ..... __ ............... ___ .... on ... ..... 
" .. 0IJ .... c.... . ...., 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

• "7p.m.-O*w .......... CNoIIoe .............. 
b IoadwohIp IDr ...... AI _ In.tIod 10 ~ - c;.. 
CCM bchdlonlor.-.,... I.MTf. 5M-lla. 
• ' :ISp.m. - ................... 1'caInriIIIr .......... 
_101 lingle • ...-- _ • ..-. HIndqIar. 
.... -.7040_Road~ .... _~11)1n 
... ~ Triangle __ fa- IrA ~"'II7I-8012. ,.,.,..., 
• ':3Op.m. -...-. ~ ... _ ... II UCIO - ...... 
Rwwodoo.IIIngoopcn: ComeIndOUl""' ....... '-' In ..... 
.......... and '-... _1Iop1lam . ........, Rill. PYtco C~ 
Ia. CII BarIIi 56t45221or ..... . 
• 7p.m. -"..,. ......... AIDe"'--" CUAPI'" 
_In ... PIIoa C-. AlII EDNA .. _ ....... ...... 
joIn ... ~ 
.7p.m. - ................. a... -. ........ mbl 
CIfoup- c-lo"'WDmIn·.~Cenlwto ~1MIy 

-.......--gNII-.~ 
.7p.m. -OpowDI... I n .. _ .............. -

~ c.nt.. Bldg. 8 ConI. """"'. s.-- by lG8A. 
~ 
.1Ip.m.-.................. CII* ..... -/IIImrtjcn 
and ...... "' ............ IowIIId . ........ III ... Mldlac:... 
1a(MCC)_.~ 

1JoIncioJI ..., 5 
.5:1Sp.m. - ___ ~C • Como_ 
_. gaIng en .. UC80 1_ ....... 1n .. WIrNn Cal-
logo SIudanI AcIWIIa CanIM. CMC. ~ 
• ' :3Op.m. -;- 1OIIIlY of __ ............. milling 01 
....,... ~ 1or ...... 1or 1tM-a. pilla. Come got .... 
vcMcII au 2103. 

FIIdIJI ..... • 
• 12p.m. - u.-.-_'aoe. ..... 1iuIIdIng.,... 
CImpUI. I,\oIoIIify) 

~UoIy' 
• ' :3Op.m. - __ lIN 0InIII. UC8O'8 only OHIII ......... SeMca f.-.ly _ you 10 __ .......... WI 
.--r 8undooot In 8aIIo loe. Come '-........ ......... 
1ng .... 10 ourCImpUI • ..............,_ ........ ~ 

EVENTS ~D RECRE~TJON 
.... ,--" 

....... _"' ... UCID-...._~ ....... 
clint ~ _ .......- 0IIa. (8ONII" _ .... 
..... ,I:00AM........,......." ......... lIIa~~ 
clint guIcIod leU' .. dIIIgnId"", ........ _ 01 ... _ 
doIiiIc _ ooc:troIlIrivw'" UCBO'.II ..... ' ........ ,. 

~ "'_POII~ IpIIw ..... _1owIIId. _.II1II-
.... 1nIDtoNIIon _ . The-'-P'-_ ...... ... 
__ -. UC8O ..... -.,.. ........ -. 
_....-WldIUppOlt ...... IDr_ . ..... 
................. by~ ... 11t311.1IIoIIn ....... 
.-0UIIIda"1ON! alicia. I.-.cI on ... 1411* ..... 01 .. 
IIWInt CanIor. IIuIdIng .... 

nol ', ... 
• 12-8p.m. - CaoaI ........ npInTd by _ "' ... _ 
....-.. ...... d ... dII(a ......... - ........ 
...... A..--o 01 ....... "-............. 111 
low MoIoIIon"cw.t ................. ·111 .. ~ 
All o.Iwy (IDrIIaIy .......... a.w". lila ............ 
.... 

....... ...,. 
.... 111. - ......... ..., ........ -IIIooounto .... 7ft. 
c:onan... ............ ........... _ ......... .... 

~*_ ................. o._ ........... .... 
.............. 7ID. 

,.....,....,~ 

.7pJII. - AI ............ 0... - .... Cw'IIIw "/lao 
_ ."""":"In""",.""" . ... ........... 
.......... 
...... •• lila I c 0.-11 ....... _ 
.-,.." ..... CN:A. ............. ew.r. ... 
............... ,..,.., 

Duslnltion by N.than ErIin1G ... niJGIo 
• 

.1Ip.1II . -~ .. ' II I..,.. ............ -An-*'lld .. 

.ohoo1 ....... ..-ryd--. ......... ~ 
IodmIIoIan: agonal. 14 __ fa-~" 1I34-40I0. 

MW ..... MoIy4 
• 1Ip.m. - ...... _ ua ... ~ ..... ·-F_SIucIo. 
........ w.. f_,...... CoIogo,Ato II ..... '. ~ 
'*-~Jaoa ...... ContIrowI......." ............ _ . 
for ..... or InIiimaJIon callIM-4II7. or II:M47ICl. 
.1Ip..... .... .. ....... c-to-........... 101-
.......... hold • CRCA. IiuIIdIng 4CII tHIreroIIy c..r ...... _ 
_ .......... ,....,." 

.1Ip.1II. - 1IIIt ............. II I rMIwtoIn ...... flam 

..--_ ........ _.....- .... lbautllonlw ..... . 

.................. WId_ ....... __ ...... _ ........ 

.-nhllliInT-. ... W-In ............ AodarUn .. 
UC8D . ........ _ at .. gonaI adrnItaIan; at2 .... ~: 
aiId "0 -. _ .... lie ............. UC8D PIlla 

c..r8coc0lla._~_ 
1!io.ndoy. ..... 5 
.~ ..... -Aer... .............. by ... UC80 ... "-
cIrtIbI .. ,. pIaco on ............. ,....., boaIa .. .... 
.. jowoIoy ____ by.WIIIIy do ........... ..... 
UC8D IiII!IIOVML 0Ir0', ....... lie _ •• 01 .. f .... . 
n.f ...... _ ..... Ior ............. br ...... AIan. 
.. uceo .. ...,..,.... ~ ... flldly. 
• It3Clp.1II .• IIp.III .• 1I:JCIp.m. - AI .... ....., n. ....... 

~ PIIoa c..r-n-. AohIooIon: "In _. 12. 
"'door. 

FIIdIJI UoIy' 
.2 ...... -~ ..... o.m,.. ....... .........-
by'" IIIIiDwIi Dwacaa 1nI&mItI ...... _ ...... _ 
Ing. ....... F .... Roc. gym-' . 
• 7pm. - CWD I. r wi ... IwIoe: "LIllI __ .. 
Ct II I I • - .. HriIIlfII ....... byn. CarnonItoab 

_~I,""WOIId""". 
.1IUi\--......... --........ -.aen~ 
_ AlllttlHoI, ......... on..l'ar~aJSM4Il 

8roUdoJI UoIy 7 
.,p.m.-..... ~'IIII I;_.n. ..... -A_ 
....... Ior ...... IAitA ........ ~ ...... 
14. R.ow .... _...-. faa .. 1:10101 ... 1010 JiIU. fa-
_ ..... 7IZla..-o. ...... ~ 
.1p.m.- ....... O"""ICIDa.... .......... 
- ........ .-............ lIdaI prtcoa: "1, gonaI: "0'" 
__ :adoor. 

..,.,.MoIy' 
.1Ip.m.-ee-. ...... ~-~ .......... 

"'-......-.~HroII, ........ c-. 
.-"-_ .. UCID ........ -r......, .. 8pIIngbr 
...UClDIIIIIaIa ............. __ ............... _ 
.... ....... d-"-.. ....... :tOO PM ..... .... 

~ ~ \I\IttMit- .............. ~ 
... ....... :tOOPM""' .. _~A ....... oI 
... ......... CGIIciIDnol_ .............. ........ 
.. _ ........... "**"tII UCID .......... Awu .. . 
_.-,rnoI .... lIe ..... by-., ...... ,4 . 

~REEl't SEl'tVICES 
Qt .... 

.I:OIH:OO-... -~ •• Id"...,.. .. _ .... 

........... .......... "'" ~,... ........... wid 
_ ... _ .... _ ... c-..... c-.t1o. 
• ___ ...... jooIHawotIII ........ p e I .... 
.. ,.. ........ ,,_ ..... PIIII ............ .. 
c:.. ........... ...... 

w--._~ 
.......... -'-ew,. .. UGID-"" .... ,.. .... 
.. ............... II1II\ ..... 181\ .......... _ 
...,.. ......... I11 ...... c..a. ...... __ ....... 
.................................. 
• __ I11-.,..a. ............... c... 
.................... Clllac.e..'fI. b 

MOIIday, May 2, 19M 

.211 ..... _"1 lee "'--'-.... _A .. 
_ ....... ,.. ...................... ....... 
c..c.... . 
................. -.., ........ _ ............. CaIIIa' 
-c-..... c..r.c........ ....... 

.. 14,...,4 
.1 ....... -.... • ICIIt; 1 .11 ........ Ceqa 
-c-..... c..r.c........ ..... . 
.1ItJII. -~ ... - .......... ,....,. ...... ~. 
... _ .......................... c..c..r. 

7ItInaIr)I..., • 
.,1&111.·1p..... IIQ ~ ........... c..ew--fIncI 
aut'- ..... IaoIfo_Ilililch,...~_ .... 
JaIl ............... _ maN. ew-c.... 
.,p.m.- .......... 1et -'--n ................... 
............ --.. c-...... 
....... -.... __ ,.,..,.... ..... -10,....,.. 
.... wod.....- ................ _IDrn.-
...... oohoaI ............. e... ...... 

Ft*:lll)l1IIy • 
.lIam.-OoI-CT I .. "..... .... IT .......... 
__ - 8ae youoIIII an \IIdIO rnoI"""-,,,,1IIIiINIaw-
Ing ......... up In ...... lor .. 1Wiour ....... e... 
a.w. . . 

SLWOKT 6R.OlJ7S 
ow,.... 

.-.......... CaunaaIIIN tnNd br...,..· ....... ) 
- Nood • -*IInIIII. fIIwdy _to ..... ? We '-... cIn 
houro or cal lor ....................... Aooouoco c:.. . 

AIDndooy. Illy I 
.IIL .... ·12p.m .. I-3p.m·-...... ,..CoIoMIIoIIOIftIa 
...... w.-o', /IooourQa Cw'IIIw. (wWNyJ 
.3-4p ..... - MIll CIIIIhII of MIIIIaIIeIi • 11.., ...... 
- CoIo*oot _ 1UppOIt ..... _ ... up ilM......-
_ . _. -....... drap In." .... __ . PoIca 
CenIw.~. 
• ~:3C).8:3Op.m. - c- GNund - A waoIcIy 001 .... _ ~ .... Io __ ... ____ of 
.. __ CIIIwiIIIIono _ . IIIIaIat Room. _ IIoor 
PIIoa c.-. lad ~ CNII wid ..."". ~ 

7I.-My. Illy' 
.1I :3Oa.m.·I2:3Op.rn.: 1-4:lIIIp.m.- ......... ,..~ 
.... oIIIcro houtI. WoonIn·. RaIouICI CanIor. ,.,.,..., 
.,2·1p.m. - l'aronw--.. ........ _ .......... 

_~_"''' .... _IorRED(fIecovw-Ing ..... EaIIng DIooIdwa) duIIng ___ houroI HaaS 
2CI!II. For liii0. cal -.07511. (rteoIdyJ 
• 7p ..... - ......, wid "II.MI....... JaIn .. 10 IMoIIar 
undIoIIIndWld,"-YOU.IIII ..................... 
_ opor-.cI ~ BOLO. I'I1ca CenIw ~._ """"'. 

. . ..... ....,IIIy • 
• 12·lp.lII. - .......... ca., - ................ ~ 
CuiIrAoIInI WIMI ~ - .... quIIIIan? Need. ouppoot. 
!we ......... .., Drop by w..... Lt Bldg. _ or ... !134-
31117 lor .... "'" I I ., •• wilt • hInatI ... CDUIAiIIDr. ,.,..."" 
.'2·'p.m.-~Aloanw- for .... nlWWIWI 
__ 10 _ ..... ~ . ....... CenlwOant.· 
_ Room Ibr SolI """'-I. ColI .... H. __ ,253 IDr mooe 

--.~ 
• 12-2p.m. - -""'CwooaIIIIII allclatoouro. --. .. Roeourca c..r. {WIaItIy) 
.2-a3Dp.tn. -lila pooroaunoelollDr RED ................ 
.......................... _ .. --.... 
.iI ........ 101Dr1d. lIIa .............. IOIUIIDr' ....... 
-r Wood I; N:3CIp.m. WI pooIItiIIIr lie...,. 3Id _ I to--...-_CwtIooII""'" ........ SM4711. 
.7-1:3Op.rn. ....... ., ................ ... 
.... CIfoup - f'IooI*iI .......... _ oanIIoIInIIII ____ 
__ M.-~1n ... 8cIIMi CcIroIINMaItDom, __ c.n-
lalluldlng 8. lad ~ M.- M. _ JaM. 

~1IIy' 
.UlLm.,I2p.m. - -..... ...... ,... _ .t ... ..... 
_ ...................... ..,c.. ..... ..... 
.,.., oauomIor-fiO ....-full InIDrtIIIIIon wid ...... Aogo 
104. IIIowIIe CoIIgo. ~ 
• II:3O&m..I2-.3Op.roi.; 1-2p.m.; 2:2I)4:aGp.1ft.-___ ~ . 
c. ••• _ houro. waro.n IIIIaww CanIor. ~ 
.,2·,p.m. - ............ _ ................... ~ 
Cauo .......... - Haw • ........, NaId, ouppartIoe 
.... 0 ... .., Drap ~ Wwrwo Lt _ II1II or col U4-3I87 
1Dr .... "'PI ..... ..,. __ ............. ~ 
• 1 :»:!p.m. - ... CIrtII ...... - .... Ill' AOIiIn Aaacf. 

~ 534-31811. 1003011. ~ 
.2:30-3:3Op ..... -,.,..,... .......... _...., 
........... .-_ .... 10 .... ___ lor RED 

~,""flamEtollngDltronllrol""""IAWGIIaI"'" 
HI88 2OIIe. For ... ... 4Il-07l& ~ 
.~-MrlCNIolwI"''''''''''''''''' ..... 
.......... ....-CoradoroIooI.......,Ior ...... __ 
1O ....... ~ ........... IIoahaIc ......... IiIIIIId .... 
..... "'-'~djnrrIa, ~nI""""'" 
.1Ie __ lad~Nn¥ ..,.nllfMCWIiIgIIa. CllII4-3IIIIII 
tar ......... HIId ........ IIIIw~ 
• ~:304p.m. - ..................... _ .. "wert 
...... - ..-,..001 ........ _ .............. 0 ..... 
M.--. .......... Aoarn, 2nd toor of PIlla c.-. Call 
SM.-rlor _1nIDomaMan. ,...., 
.1:3C).7p.m. - ........ ca., _ .......... ....., 
... -e- aut In. fIIwdy nI .......... 1..., •. 
,..... ...... 1n ... 8ouIhConl. RIll . ....... c-e.-.g 
8. ladby ..... K._ ..... ~ 

~UoIy' 
• llalll.·2p.m. - -.-...... c ' ...... houoa. WoonIn·. RaacMw CenIor. ~ 
.,a-ap.m,-COmI __ vw:_ ......... ....... 
__ ..... ..,IfM ..... _ ............. ,., 
0aI00gt ..... UIIo __ ..... ~c...,....., 
• 12" :3Op.m. -.....-.... Cote U., ...... - .... by 
.-.-...... ......... VIMr ......... ......-
.,2p.m.-....... "' ..................... .......... 
- W. .. Iook .. '-..... ~ .... baMI you_ yow 

~._I ... ~......., __ Otyalll • . 10CD 
0r0InIII HoI. lad by NIrICop MIiIIII rnoIlI1O ........... Coun-
-.aa-. 
.I-4p.lil.-AbIIaI_ ............. - .... br 
DIll ...... __ ,111. CrIb III~ 11 •• il. IIIowIIe'-BIdg. 
• ..., ..... - ew.- ..... '-- .... Ill' PlillIIrtphaII. 
5344112 . .....-VIIw ~. 

R.ELkSlOl.JS· 5el't\llCeS 
IMrd ' I."". 

.lp.m.-,.... ......... .., .. ~eo.w-
_ .. uc.»- III .......... lOIIIIDn: UlWWllyLlMArwl 
a.-. _ ... _ ........... CIIIga. 
.7p.III. - ... ....,lWIby ......... "' ........ c:..-
......,. /III _ WIIoome. UIWWIIy ......... 0IunIIt. _ 
... _fIam ...... CoIop. 
.1p.In.- ..... CW~ .... a--.. o. ....... 
IIIefr ,....... by c:..- "-.......... eva,.. 
........ I-...ay ......... 0uIt0, _ .. _ ..... 
...... CoIop. 
• 1:30pM. - Enol ,... dar _ .......... UCID CIIIIIaIID 
c-.a, ............. '" ...... UooIoaNIIy..-.... QuIll, _ .. _ ........... CIIIga. 

~...,. 
.1:1 ....... 1,7 ....... - MI ... CIIIiIIIT CIoInuoIIr " .... 
.... --..... ~L.--0uDIt,_ ...... 
........... CaIop. 
.11:1IIUI.-...... _~......, ..... O'W' 
• ..,... UIIIiIwIIIr LoJIIIWWI 0M0III. _ ...... .... 
........ CIIIga. 
• 11:1Oa.riL - \IIoITa ,._ ... , .. ..,.. CIIIRII .... 
...... .., Dr. MIf!Ioi ........... ~ ........ 
CIurI;, _ .................... 0IIIIp. 
• ...... -1IIICIIIRII .. I. 1111 ..... ~ .... 
(1111 ............................... 1.,..., 
....., ... DM. 

The UCSD Caardiaa SPORTSU 

Tritons' Women Varsity-Eight Chugs Mi11er Cup 
..., HillE: UCSD topples UC Davis, USD and Santa aara to claim victory in the petite final in last Saturday's Marina Del Ray race 
By ..... It. HIItto 
SpoQEdItof 

Jack Vallerp'. women'. vanity-eipt 
crew .... suffered ita share of lumps dIiI 
season. After a month of trading bodt-out 

Del Ray. 

blowa with 
SaDta Clara 
and playing 
IeCODd fiddle 
to arcb·nem-
_USDand 
UC Davia, 
Vallerga '. 
wODlCllfinally 
took a chunk 
out of them all 
at last 
weekend's 
Miller Cup 
held in Marino 

HOited by UCLA, tbe eight-team all· 
women's competition witnessed one of the 
recently surging Tritons' best varsity-eight 
performances of the year. However, things 
didn't look all that rosy for Vallerga's unit in 
Saturday momill8's heat races. 

7..... 0-"", 
SUMMER 
INTERNS 
NEEDED 

Great opportunity for 
out;.going. personable 
and FUN people who 

went to leam everything 
they can about RADIO! 

Your chance to work 
for a top AM & FM 

combination radio station 
in San Diego. 

Call 292-76CD ext. 
264 for details. 

After a alow start, UCSD croued the line 
a diuppointiDl third in ita beat, bebiod Loog 
BeacII Slate and SaDta Qua. Ita time quali· 
fied the TritoDa for the aftemooIl'a petite 
fiMII. ri&ht alonpide Davia, USD and Santa 
(lara • 

"I elida't think finisbiq third in the beat 
ncea bode too well,- Vallerp said. "It was 
DOt ODe of the IIlO8t inIpiring races we've bad 
tbiI year. Tbe boata which mlde it to the 
petites have been buttill8 beads since [the San 
Diego] Crew Qusic, 110 Ilmew we bad our 
work cut out for us.-

In a repeat of lut Saturday's State awn· 
pionahipsin Sacramenlo, Vallerga'screwwu 
staring down a lineupofscboolsthathad, with 
the exception of an "up-again, down·again" 
Santa Qua unit, consistently beaten UCSD 
all year. 

'"I knew we had to generate some more 
boat speed and had to set the boat rowing at an 
increased stroke-per-minute cadence," 
Vallerga said. "We have been about 31,32 
strokes per minute in the morning so we 
needed to find a sustlined aggressive pace. 
Before the race I told my crew just to forget 
the pace and go for it." 

And for the first time aU year, the Tritons 
responded. Although the crew once again 
IUfJered a slow start, after the first 500 metera 
it easily blew by Santa Qua. 

Between the soo. and 1,000-nwk, USD 
feU by the wakeaide and the Trilolll began to 
bear clown OIl Davis. 

wrbey were definitely in an aggressive 
stroke cadence, about 35 and one-balf strokes 
a minute and lookill8 very strong," V allerga 
said. 

Somehow UCSD cranked up the pace even 
higher over the lut 1,000 metera of the race 
and edged out the exhausted Aggies at the 
wire. 

The Tritons were first in the petites (fourth 
overall), winning in a time of 7:51.6. Davis 
wu second (7:52.8), USD third (7:59.8) and 
Santa C1ara fourth in 8:04.9. 

UC Santa Barbara ended up winnill8 the 
grand final, followed by UClA and Long 
Beach State. 

"Some people say that it's better to come 
in lut in the grand fina) than win the petite, 
but I couldn't have been happier with how we 
did," Vallerga said. "We needed this as a 
demonstration that we are getting bener after 

all this bard work. 
"It wu a pretty spectaculu gamble to go 

out like we did, but they just went for it. 1 think 
thiJ is exactly what we needed to get over that 
hump," be added. 

UCSD couldn't have picked a better time 
to do it. The Tritons' fourth.place tally will 
seed them ahead of all three boats at the 
season-ending Pacific Coot Racing Champi-
onships in three weeks. 

"'There were aome definite long-term ben· 
efits to winning the petite," Vallerga admit-
ted. "I wu glad that the girls didn't play the 
bridesmaid once again." . 

In the heavyweight TKO of the diY, the 
Triton women's novice light-four crew was 
forced to race in the larger heavy class. 

"They gave up at least 20·30 pounds on 
those other rowers," Vallerga said, "and they 
did a great job. II 

USCD knocked off six other teams, in· 
cluding Cal Poly SLO, stealing second bebind 
Long Beach State. The novice boat captured 
sixth. 

In the novice-eight class, Ihe Triton A 
crew finished seventh, while the B-squad 
ended up third in its run. 

DEALS BY THE ARMFUL' 

Save from 20" to SO" 

Coffiidering the JYdpef is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~u 
glad we're opm an night? 

on EVERYTHING at the 

Aquarium Bookshop's 

Annual May Sale! 

J 
Nonday. _ 2 throu;h Friday. Nay 6. from 11 :30 a .m. to 4:00 p.m . 

Exchiln;e this ad for a frH gift (limit onl per cuslomer). 

SCRIPrs INSTITUTION 
Of' OCt:ANOGRAPllV 

~ 

necnury to atttnd the salt. 

If you haw Iny qUKltonS. 

eM. tho IIoc>Uhop .t 53U753. 

MULTIMEDIA, 
VIRTUAL REALITY, 

CHEMICAL PHYSICS 
RESEARCH JOBS 

You wD to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since yoo'll probably be w<rkiog on it lUlul 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we nevertwn in . 

LG Jolla 
8849 Villa La 10lla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnel Avenue 

483-1852 

A 1993 Big Six accountingfirm study 
proves our average score increase 

on tbe LSAT is 75 points! 

FULL TIME SUMMER, part-time academic year 
poeIttons available In deveIopnB1t of computer 
nUtIrnedla and virtual reality with appIlcaIIons to 
ecience education, as well _ reeearch In ctwnlcal 
phy8Ica, artIng tIl18 summer. ApproxImaIeIy '1011v . 

Could a 33 percentile point improvement belp 
.ml4 get into the law scbool of your cboice? 

Call1be Princeton Review today for 
more details. 

MIdIId 
•• 1111 
...... 
...... 

·AI __ ercII WII' t.od eli • ~ 

=:::=-- -.~ 
7 , I..., ...... " 

C.IICIII __ 

. 

For 1IIudent8, who will be at UCSO for at least 3 
more ~, and who .... axtraoIdinartly InI8IIIgent, 
~, Innovative, hard working, and who have 

~ top grades. We will provide training for the 
right people . 
Far ..... 1nfDrmIIIIon on JIpptf:w 18, pIeMe cantact 
BonnIe 8IIhop St.ertc • 534-2572; br InIIII .. a.mIItry 
0331, UCSD, MOO Gilnwt Drtve, La Jolla, CA 12013; or 
t¥ .... ~.edu. 

laiSeS """1JIiI1L&& May 7th 
Call: 558-0;00 . 

.,.... ....... ",."". ........... - • .",.... ...... '""'- UooIIwIIJ· 



.. 

I" The UCSD GurdiaD 

• II ~I I 
t 11 II '''''' • I ( " (I 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
/' 

...... ' .• '2.1'" 

·Excluded are: best-sellers, magazines, textbooks, 
computer department, electronics department, 

medical department. 

UCSD Campus Bookstore 
La Jolla 534-READ(7 .32.3) 

UCSD Downtown Center Bookstore 
600 W. Broadway 525-0058 

WehaftH 
canvenlent 1oatlons 

Call today lor JOU1' 
next appoinllDellt. 

211·1711 

A friend? ... 
Your sister? ... 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care .. . anyaJrm. Whether 
you need birth conbOl, pregnancy 
testing, abortion services, male or 
female sterilization, pre-natal 
care, annual exams, testing for 
STDs am HJv, or other informa-
tion concerning your health, 
know that Planned Parenthood 
offers quality service In a com-
forIabIe am ~ environment. 

We care about 
your health 
••• spread the word. 

MODday, Ma,. 2.1994 

BASEBALL: 
Where has the game's 
old magic gone? 
ContInued from ..... 20 
feel I am biased, baseball bas lost 
much of its luster bcc:auae, DOW more 
than ever, moacy dic:talel the flow 
of every game. 

What kind of message does this 
send to our kids? If you want a piece 
of baseball to take bome with you, 
you're loing to have to buy it. 

Even ifcontracttalks and ballparlc 
experiences have changed for the 
worse, baseball could still retain 
much of its magic if only ballplayers 
would treat the game as the fans' 
game. 

During my recent trip to The 
Murph, I saw first-hand where pri-
orities lie. 

Ignoring the screamsoflitlle kids 
begging for autographs, several 
players were preoccupied with ra-
dio guys who were trying to get 
them to do commericial endorse-
ments. 

Although it wasn't easy, I got a 
chance to speak to such stars as 
Tony Gwynn, Andy Benes, Dwight 
Gooden and Bobby BoniUa. How-
ever, after the radio guys were gone, 
I had to wait for the New York beat 
writers to do their job. 

After hearing some of the ques-
tions they asked, I can't entirely 
blame the players for treating the 
game as a business. These writers 

Gripes with God 
or the Church? 

The UCSD Guardian 

were grilling and scrutinizing them 
almost unscrupulously. It made me 
sick. I just wanted to tell them to lay 
off and start talking about balls and 
strikes instead of rumors. 

When I finally got to sit down 
and ta1lc with them, it was like I was 
talking to a wall. These players were 
not interested in talking ' about the 
fun of the game. They just wanted to 
get the game over with. 

~, not all players are as self-
oriented as I am malcing them out to 
be, but I wouldn't know it if my day 
at The Murph were my only evi-
dence. 

I remember talking to the likesof 
Greg Minton and DarreIJ Evans way 
back when, and thefeelingwas much 
different. They enjoyed having a 

kid around, because that's what base-
bat! was all about. 

Players rarely charged for auto-
graphs, and most were willing to 
share their old war stories with any-
one who would listen. 

Maybe baseball could be fixed 
and returned to the way it used to be. 
I wish I colild find someone to blame 
for baseball's lost luster. However, 
everyone is to blame. 

Fans scream at players because 
they demand so much money. Own-
ers scream at each other for paying 
the players such big salaries. And 
while fans like me despise all the 
talk about contracts, we tum around 
and gripe when our favorite team 
doesn't shell out the big bucks to get 
better players. 

SPORTS 15 

It's certainly hard to blame the 
fans for wanting to win. and it's just 
as tough to blame the players for 
taking whatever money is being 
thrown at them. 

Everybody is trying to profit off 
of baseball somehow, some way, 
and it's eating at the integrity of the 
game. It's also eating at the fans' 
love for the game. 

I wish I could just wake up to 
1982 all over again, when Joe 
Morgan's homer meant knocking 
the L.A. Dodgers out of the play-
offs, not a justifiable reason to de-
mand double his salary for the up-
coming season. 

The magic of baseball is just not 
there anymore for me, and it may 
never be again. 

BEING-FIT® 
Have you ever felt anger, frustration, pain or puzzlement 

because of the Church's practices or teachings? 

At only $22 • month with no 
contrac:t., you eIIn't get a 

better bargaln_ 

We want to hear about it. 

Come to a special "Listening Session" 
and tell us your story/voice your questions_ 

Catholic Community Staff will be prese1lt--
Fr. Peter Abdella, Lyull Neu, Paula Hagen--

to listen, fieLd your COllcems, and promote diaLogue. 
Price Center, 7-9 .PM 

May 4 - Davis/Riverside ROOln 
onsored b the Catholic Student Communit at UCSD 

Come out and volunteer in your San Diego Community. 
Project areas include: environment 

homeless 
graffiti busting 
youth issues 
elderly 
shelters 
animals 
AIDS 

We need UCSD's students. faculty. & staff to get inVolvedl 

saturday, may 14 
call 534-1414 

For more Information or pick up • registlation form 
In ow office on the 2nd ftoor, PrIce Center. 

HELP MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
IN SAN DIEGO OOUNTY. 

RIt ...... _ ... t-II*tII pnMdId. 8pai-..d IIrAlUC80 and "~Coi.**". 
cor.tIdDnI """1Ir ...." BIa PIzza, MII.1IDn'a. PIDa ttw. ... MiAiiML 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
..... _10 lind 111. 8<1. 0II0f ... 5116194. 

• AEAOIICS • UFECYCLES 
• FRU WEIGHTS • TlIEADIILLS 
• STAIRIIASI1:AS • CLEAN AND SPAOOUS 
• NAUT1UJS • P£IISOIW. INSTRUCTiON 

• 4 ilLES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards, behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1 702) 

Repairs 

10010 OFF 
LABOR 

First visit incentlvest 

I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda Hyu 
, 

MltMlblsh. Isuzu Acura Daih 

Minor Tune Up Special $24~eg. $55) 
1 . Spalk plugs aur tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle , O. Check undercarriage for 

damages 3 . Condensers 7. Check brakes 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check dutch , 1. Check cooling system & hoses 

12. Road test 5. Check and replenish all fluid 
and oil levels 

9. Check lights 

3S-polnt Major Service Special $84 * 
Extr. for fufII·injected. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Cornpmsion leSt 
2. V .... adjustment 11. $ liming 20. lube front end 28. Ched< IIId tlICha'ge 
FIIDIIce: 12. dwelrangle 21. ChacIt &!8pIenish" batterIes."_ry 
3. V .... CIMII' gaske~ 13. t C8IburetDr fkJId & oiIlIMII 211. RotatIItns (" ~) 
4. 5cIIrk plugs. 14. air & filet ratio 22. ChacIt eIIcIrtcIIIlystem 30. Ched< tir115,e 
5. DiIIrIKIIoi points, mIxUe 23. ChacIt lor IooIIe & lost 31 . lID door . 
6.~. 15. illBering box bolts 32. Ched< .. 
7. Air .... 16. ckItch 24. ChacIt bnMI 33. ChedI cooing sYS18m & 
8. 01.... 17. brakes 25. ChacIt cU!:h '-
9. GalIIIIr. end 18. emergency bniMs 28. ChacIt 1ightI. 34. ChedI exlllust system 
10. EngIne oil 19. :;:*&..-expoud 27.~~ 35. FIoad ... 

. Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 
.... 1 ...................... -

I. ...... . 
I.CiIM .. 
.. .....-... 
........ 
, .......... .. 
, ...... . 

---
... --'." 
.._--
-- . 

8rake Job $39* Special (rig.'" 
".,,11',. .......... : ..... __ .... 1._"_"_-" ........... ,,~ ... 
-- --

1._1iIII_... 1.-.. ___ 11 
s .................... -. .... 4.II1II........ .. ..... . 

TIming 8alt Spacial S99* 
In ... _,.,.. All ............... II ........ All ....... i 2.,..r or 

.... -
21 ...... I ......... ..,. All ".. ..... "rta .... I.ur . O.seas 

Aak .... 1I,IIIs X6.~Ho 
... ..... __ Wi ... 

CII ... lIPpoIIII .... 

,-



. _. 

/ 

16 CLASSIFIEDS The ueSD Gurdiaa 

\\\01 \f' \11 \ ''''' 
TrIIWIng 8brOIId thIa eumrner? Get 
a HOlt.lllng Int.rnatlonal 
memberlhip to ltay III over 5.000 
hoeteII wortdwIde. Cal 338-9981. 
(3128-812) 

CLA"SSIFIEDS 
PLO Reprl I I ,. .. ttve to epeIIk e1 
UCSD: Aftf SafIeh, the Palestinian 
del.gate to the U.N .• will apeak on 
campuI Mon, May 3, 1115p.m: in the 
Price Center ballroom to present a 
speech entitled. ·Palestine. a ltate 
in the making. "The event Is free and 
open to the public. (4/21-512) 
UCSD PolIce AuctIon, SaMday. May 
8, 1994. Blcycl.I, calculators, 
welchel. jewelry, books, and much 
moral Pre-auc:tIonviewing -9:30a.m. 
Auction starts 1 Oa.m. Near comer of 
Regents Rd. and Voigt Dr. $1 .00. 
Refundable bldderdep08it required. 
Cash or check only. For more 
Information please call 534-7335. 

cltusified advertising is sold in 15-MOrd increments. The rate per 15 ~ is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is requimJ; therefore, ads must be mojJed with a checJc (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hurst:Ioy for MOnday~ 
issue, and3 p.m. Mondayfor 1hurst:Ioy~ issue. The Guardian ~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caJl534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:C~ 9500Gi/mQnDrive, 
0316, LaJolIIl, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

(4/28-515) . 

MOTHlR'S DAY - MAY. Give 
the ultlme1. gift. Name a STAR 
after mom. $22 (714) 283-9114. 
(4/18-5/2) 

ATTN ARTISTS I CAPE COVER 
CONTEST. Wlnn.r: $50.00 & 
artwork published. Submit: 8x8 
black/Whlte design, no heading, 
with name, phone, address. 
Wher.: Cape offlce-Q314. 
D.adlln.: May 20th. Q ... atlona: 
534-2118. (4/18-5/16) 

Learn, live and love SpMlsh In 
Cuernavaca, Mexico. Intensive 
language program at the Center 
for Bilingual Multicultural Studies. 
Call Julie Tupper at (619) 295-
7020. (4/18-5/2) 

Get ready to 'Rock'i 5th College 
semiformal, "Moai Mayhem," coming 
May 61 (5/2-5/5) 

San Diego's only gay soccer team Is 
prac:tIc:InWpIaying all summer. Call 
Craig, 892-0349. (512-5126) 
HEYYOUI Summer Internships are 
THE way to develop practical skills 
and professional contacts. The 
Academic Internship Program 
offers Internships in LOTS 0' 
FIELDS related to your career 
interests. So forget the tan - It's 
bad for your skin - and drag your 
LAZV BOD into literature Bldg., 
(Room 3255) by MAY 27. AlP 
hours: 8:30-noon, t -4 dally; closed 
Wed. 2-4:30. (5/2-5/5) 

Postal Jobs Availabl.1 Many 
positions. Great beneIta. Call1-SC>> 
438-4365 Ext. P-3387. (4/11-515) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT 
make up to $2000-$4000/mo 
teaching basic conversational 
English In Japan, Taiwan, or S. 
Korea. No teaching background or 
Asian languages required. For 
information all (206) 632-1146 ex. 
J5976. (3/28-6/2) 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE 

3 ~I~¢ COPIES with ad , !j 5, ~ . .,tHe pa[lf'-' ,- ...... -J 
3211 Holiday Court (next to Domino's Pizza) 452·9949 

E.p 6 2'94 
HOURS: M · Th 10·8. F 10-6. SAT 10-1 with UCSO 10 

STUDENT TRAVEL 

1-800-777-0112 ST/J 
STA TRAVEL Th. 'WOrld', l ...... t .hllcle-nt .. youth travel orvani .. Uon 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING Earn up to 
S2OOOImo on Cruise Ships or Land-
Tour companies. Summer and Full 
time .mployment available. No 
experience necessary. For 
information call 1-208-634-0468 ex. 
C5976. (3128-812) 

ALASKASI •• EAEIIPLOYIIENT -
Earn up to $8,000+ In two months. 
Room and board! Transportation I 
Male or Female. No experience 
necessary. Cal (208)545-4155 ext. 
A5978. (4/4-5128) 

ADVENTURE EMPLOYMENT: Ski 
resorts, rafti1g companies. camps, 
parks, hiring in beautiful Colorado 
303-571-4435. 24hrs. (4/21-512) 

CHALLENGE YOURSELF THIS 
SUMMER I JAMESON RANCH 
CAMP SEEKS MATURE 
STUDENTS TO WORK AS 
COUNSELORS AT OUR 
RUSTIC, SELF SUFFICIENT, 
CHILDREN'S CAMP IN THE 
SOUTHERN SIERRAS. WE 
NEED POSITIVE ROLE· 
MODELS TO PARnCIPATE IN 
OUR FAMILY COMMUNITY 
WHO HAVE AT LEAST ONE 
TEACHABLE SKILL, I_E. 
HORSEBACK RIDING. LIFE 
GUARDING, ARCHERY. 
CRAFTS, FISHING, ETC. CALL 
805-53 ....... FoA BROCHURE 
AND APPLICAnON_ (4/28-519) 

Free room & board In exchange for 
Drivers, clerks and 1IoraI designers tutor 15yr. old boy. Carlsbad. 431-
needed for week of mother's day. 9479. (4/28-519) 
PIe ... can 822-9999. (4/21-515) 
2PT positions open for ervollment 
counaeIors at S.D. Kaplan. Reliable 
students, sales experience a plus. 
Flex. hours (eves + weekends). Call 
now 277-8744. (4/21-515) 

Process Mail at Home! $500-$1 ()()() 
weeklyl Free Info. SASE to: P.O. 
Box 22798, San Diego CA 92192. 
(4/25-5/23) 
$$$ FEMALE MODELS needed 
for swimsu it photography. Will pay 
cash for your time. Call 230-9159. 
(4/25-5/2) 
Torrey Pines Mortgage Banking 
company seeks responsible loan 
trackers to work 4p.m. to 9p.m. 

. Sunday through Thursday. Job 
focus is to receive inquiries from 
the branch network to set-up and 
lock in new loans on the 
mainframe. Requirements: strong 
communication skilis, 10-key by 
touch, and typing 40+ WPM. Fill 
out application at American 
Residential Mortgage Corp. 11955 
N. Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla, 
92037. (4/28-5/8) 

Earn good money as salesmen. Cell 
Neil at (619) 792-7832 or leave 
message. No experience required. 
(4128-519) 

Responsible woman. Law 
Student with previous 
houseslttlng experience seeks 
houseslttlng position summer/ 
94 in San Diego Area. 
References available. Also 
interested in sub leasing an 
apartment. Call (607) 273-
6710, Michelle. (5/2) 

Help Wanted -Restaurant Work - All 
Areas Availabie. For info call 222-
5803. (5/2-519) 

Staying in San Diego for the 
Summer? I can house 2 female 
students in exchange for weekend 
babysitting . I need a reliable 
babysitter from Friday afternoon 
thru Monday afternoon - share the 
time or trade off - you work it outl 
I have four well behaved kids -
3,7,9, and 12. (3 are at camp every 
other Monday, 2 stay with dad on 
Saturdays.) I have a great pool 
and spa; a private room for two to 
share; and a happy house. We are 
very close to bus routes and 
shopping . Full use of kitchen, 
laundry, kids computer, and you 
can even use our stereol YOU 
GET A GREAT PLACE TO LIVE,I 
GET GREAT BABYSITTERS -
OK? If you and a friend are 
Interested, please call Jan or Dave 
at 484-5816. (5/2-5/5) 

loin Peace Corps . .. 

GLOBALIZE YOUR 

II"""" ... ,2, 19M 

Working mom In Del Mer ... 
needI help with 3 children June 
18-28. WMlcdaya 7:45-9:15a.m., 
4:CJO..7:3Op.m. end aorne Saturday 
nlghtl. Own transportation and 
chlldcare experlenca required. 
755-1172. (5I2-5I2t) 

I DON 7 HAVE ACNE PROBlEMS 
ANYMOREI You can tool 
DermatotogIsta recommended. For 
Informe1Ion, call 887-5108. (4/18-
5/5) 
'89 Ell880scooear. Endyourpartmg 
probIemsl $700. Inc. helmet. 822-
9585. (4/21-512) 

1980 Honda Express scooter, very 
reliable. Helmet Included. very 
economical. $200. Todd 889-8148. 
(4/25-519) 
Saga w/5gamea$1 00; Gu1Wa6.12 
string $100 each; 17" color TV $50; 
FuR Futon wI Frame $70; 273-4054 
(4128-516) 

POOL TABLE FOR SALEI 
Acoassories Included (cues, 2 aetI 
of balls. triangle, dust cover). $95. 
CeH 292-4273. (4/28-5/2) 

FREEII SIMULATED pine formica 
DESKTOP (30 Inches x 51eet) with 
center drawer. Call this week before 
thrown outlll 755-4798. (512-5/5) 

Black Fender Strat, Studio Low 
Noise Pickups, case: $600. Crate 
of effects: $50. YAMAHA Trumpet 
$50. 1984 Honda Accord: $1700 
obo. 1973 Ford LTD Brougham. 
RebuDd engine with &OK mi. Power 
everything, trailer hitch: $SOO, 272-
2729, Steve. (5/2-5/9) 

Sega, 5 games, $100. Guitars, 6 
string, 12 string, $100 ea. 17 in. 
color TV $50. Full Futon, $70. 273-
4054. (5/2-5/5) 

Microchannel486DX33,32M-RAM, 
42OM-SCSI-HD, Windows, $1,585; 
External SCSI-HD-200M $165; 
Fazer 700cc 14k miles $1,975. Leave 
message 453·4723 or 
HANGUYEN@ICSE3. (512-5112) 
TWIN BED WITH FRAME - great 
cond., $75 obo. TIRES/RIMS - low 
profile, $400 obo. 542-0442. (5/2) 

For sale - Airline Ticket - TWA, 
roundtrip from LAX to JFK. Can be 
used anytime between now and 9/ 
25194. Only $275. Please call Guy at 
558-9038 (leave message) . (5/2-5/5) 
BLACK leather backpack. Never 
used, drawstring pouch + 3 small 
pockets, gold buckles. $90.00. 632-
9309. (5/2-5/9) 

IBM Selectric typewriter for sale. 
Excellent condition. $120. 580-4009 
day, 459-6336 evenings. (5/2) 

RESUME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Campus May 3 & 4 

Ip(ormatiOll Booth: Tuesday &. Wednesday, 9 am - 2 pm 
PriceCenau 

Special Semina" Interviews 

WII, in the World 
Should I Join Peace Corps? 

Tues., May 3, 2 pm - 4 pm 
Career Services Conference Room 

International Opportunities 
with Peace Corps 

Wed .• May 4,2 pm - 4 pm 
Career Services Conference Room 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

Tuesday and Wednesday 
May 17& IS 

Career Services Cenau 
Bring completed application 10 sign up 

Far men iafirmllion. caUlhe Los Angeles Reauilin, Omce • (800)832-0681. ellL 110. 

I 

lloada" ... ,2, 19M 

TALL MAN'S BIKE: 27-1nch frame, 
t 2 speed Schwinn WoIId Sport. 
Uke new. $t25 obo. DIck 278-
6201. (512-515) 

SCUBA REGULATORS: Poaeidon 
Odin, never used $325.00. Sa Ibapro 
MK1 0 BalancedAdjlI8t8ble $225.00. 
Call 632-9308. (512-519) 

1101 ~I \C 
CHEAP LIVING - Summerlyearty 
S690/mo. 2 bedroom/2bath - N. 
Clalre.mont. ALL UTILITIES 
INCLUDED! Chris 272-8758 leave 
message. (4/7-5/9) 

Summer sublet, own room, m/f, 
wId, pool/spa, gym. Available 
June 11-S.pt. 30, $300, 452-
5620. (4/11-5/2) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME - UCSD 
Staff and Student DISCOUNTS. 
Greatflnancing. NearUCSD. 1,2brs 
$120,OOO's+ & 3brs $150,000+. 
Condos to lUXUry homea-serving La 
Jolla, Un Iv. City, Mira Mesa, Del 
Mar, Pacific Beach, Clairemont. 
Need to SELL, see what 11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE can dol RE/Max 
Associates. Judith Haddox, realtor. 
619-275-2618. (4/18-5/9) 

For Rent: University City Playmor 
Condos: 4-bedroom 2 bath, $1495; 
3-bedroom, 2.5 bath, $1275. July 1. 
Quiet. 454-6462. (4/21-5/31) 
2 MINUTES FROM UCSDI 3 
spacious bedrooms , 2 huge 
bathrooms at beautiful 
town home available for 1 year 
lease starting July. $1250/month 
including 2 balconies, pool and 
jacuzzi , and 2 car garage . 
Parking permit unnecessary , 
walk to school. Must see to 
believe! 546-0756. (4/21-5/16) 

Own room available ASAP . 
Spacious, quiet, near UTC, bus stop, 
Albertsons. Laundry facilities : 
$350.00 450-1950. (4/25-512) 

Summer sublet available 8/11-9/18. 
$1450 for entire summer, includes 
utilities except phone, own room/ 
bath, fumished, many amenities, 
close to UCSD. Non-smok .... 658-
9531. (4/25-515) 

Summer sublets, own rooms, cable, 
parking, washer/dryer, close to 
campus & UTC, clean & quiet, M/F. 
2 rooms available. $38O/mo. + 1/3 
utII. Call Belly or BrIan. 457-5451. 
(4125-512) 

·3 bedroom townhouse, 1.5 bath. 
$1050 per month. AYIIIIibIe 811 0-81 
5. Julianne 535-9334. (4125-5r'5) 

Genesaee HIghI8ndI Townhowe. 
4br. 2ba., $1475. Awl. 811 Cell65&-
9484 or 822-0871. (4125-5119) 

3 bedrooma, 1.5 blllhat9!50. c.mm 
GIorIta, 2.5 bath •• $1150 E..teI WfIII 
with tennis. 757-4288. (4125-812) 

THREE FEMALE ROOMMATES 
wanted to share Univeralty City 
house beginning June 1 It. $275-
$335 per month plus 114 uIIIIIIea. 
Quiet. friendly environment. c.n JIH 
III 558-5938. Own room available. 
(4125-612) 

SUBLET FOR SUMR., N-amkg fmI, 
fmahd 3bdrm. 2.5 bIh, $1200 mo. 
Playmor, n.ar UTC, Vons. bus. All 
applnca, blcny, patio, 457-5520. 
(4/21-512) 
FOR SALE: Condo 3,1)dr., 1.5 bath. 
New CIWJ)8tI. ~. BIcycle 
UCSD. STEAL $119.000. CI1II587-
t229. (4128-5118) 
4 ROOMMATES WANTED; 1Mbr. 
own bill ~ 3 ......... bIIIh 
In HUGE 7brI4ba houM - UnIverIIty 
CIty. Pool .... w.t ..... UCSOdole 
$270. S250 + 1 II uti. MIF non-
trnOker. AwIA. mId-May, June. Call 
857-81 •. (4r.Z8-512) 

Room for rent In a house In 
CIairemont. Big backyMt. $2851 
month. DIane 413-4105. 581-3052. 
(4/28-512) 

Continuing male .tudent. 29, 
~, seeklngqulBt/responsl)le 
roommllle situation starting June 1 . 
Near campus, space for my lazy cat 
pref. Lv. message 273-8027, Doug. 
(4128·519) 

Large 3 bedroom~, five minute 
walk from UCSD. AvalableJune15. 

$1~0. 558-6532. (4/28-5/2) 

3 br, 1.5 ba. CONDO FOR SALE 
only $119,000. Great UCSD. 
Location - 9576 Easter Way. Newly 
refurbished. move In condition. Call 
Caryl to see 899-4430 (pager) or 
450-2100 x356. Cheaper than rentl 
(4/28-519) 

FOR SALE: Univ .... ity City condos 
+ houses 1,2,3,4,5 bedrooms 
evallable throughout summer. $750 
to $2,000 . 453-0801 . LORD 
REAL TV. (5/2-5/26) 

DEL MAR. Rooms for rent. Big house 
and yard with laundry, alarm, quiet, 
near beach. No smoking, pets. $350 
to $400. Cell Tom 292-7079, 529-
1777. (5/2-5/19) 

Sublet for Summer - $250. Share a 
room in town home near UTC. Call 
Cathy 535-0490. (5/2-5/16) 
TWO BLOCKS TO .BEACH in La 
Jolla. Furnished room avaiiable with 
own bath and pool for female (s). 
July and August. $400 plus share 
utiliiies. 454-7150, call anytime. (5/ 
2-5/5) 

Roommate needed in 2 bedroom 1 
bath apt. in Pacific Beach $325.00 
rent, $325.00 deposit. CaJI273-6456. 
(5/2-5/5) 

Looking for non-smoking friendly and 
respectful female to share 2 bed/ 
bath at La Regencia or similar 
complex from approximately June 
19th to Summer 1995. Suzanne 558-
8057. (5/2-5/5) 

UTC - Own room, available ASAP, 2 
cats, pool, jacuzzi, wid. $375.00, no 
dep. 558-7487. (512) 

Walk to UCSD: Own roam $405 
or share master $250/person . 
Available nowl Call 450-2982. 
(5/2-5/5) 

Female roommate wanted for 
roomahare. Near UTC. Only $200 + 
1fJutlllleei Avallable8l15-9(15. 558-
1005. (512-5119) 
Pacific Beach atudio available for 
.ummer: Mid-June-Sept. 1. 
FurnIshed. greet view. $45O(month. 
270-1254. (512-5,'5) 

'213 plut 1/4 utHItIea for female to 
share large mast ... In 2BR, 2BA 
apt. 5 minutes from campus. Free 
laundry In apt., gym, 2 pooll, 
jacuzzi, on busllne to campul. 
Available an.r~. 15. We have 2 
well behaved cats. 452-7668 
Sharlene; (5/2-5/12) 

2 SUMMER ROOMMATES 
wanted: F/M to shar. master 
bedroom; own bath and balcony 
in new condo near UTC. Washer' 
dryer. pool/jacuzzi, near bus 
.top. 1290 each + utllltle •• CALL 
622-9229. (5/2) 

SUMMER SUBLET! Own room In 
lownhouae near carnpua. Avalable 
July-August (ftexIbIe). $300. AIrrf 
822-18n. (1512-5(12) 
HURRVI HUMYI Own your own 
condo alholt bike rtde from UCSO. 
Cell ...... 01 a.ICIe at Century 21 
VIIage.....,~. (&'2) 

Summer Sublet Own bedroom. 
FUANISHEDIn4b1d1oorn,1.S" 
condo. $385Imo. Cell Greg, 587-
7088. (512-5121) 

• • 

..... UCSD Curdiu 

OWN BEDROOM. RJRNISHED In 
4 bedroom 1.5 bath. Available June 
OR &.pIIrnber. c.I Greg, 587-
7011. (512-5128) 

JIIpan ... profeuor and family (two 
teeNIge I00I, 13 & 17) seeking 2 
b.droom housing for July and 
August. 534-3067. (5/2) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germalns. 452-9949. 
(10/25-612) 

VioIinNIoIa lessons. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an 
experienced, professional teacher. 
Now accepting students- all ages 
and levels welcomel Ask about 
summer rates. Call Conrad: 468-
0525. (3/28-6/2) 

Word Processing: Academic 
manusaipts, papers, theses, booka, 
letters, applications. Confidential/ 
Accurate/Fast service. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (3/28-6/4) 

WORD PROCESSING: Dissertations, 
Theses, Term Papers; QUAUTY 
laser printer, FAX modem ; 
reasonable rates; 451-0130 - Beth. 
(4/11-5/5) 

One·day word processing and/or 
editing . Over 25 years experience. 
Professional writer with over 350 
credits. Also offer tutoring, 
critiquing, ethical assistance with 
most writing projects. In Carlsbad. 
966-1641 . (4/25-6/2) 
Expert typing/word processing . 
Reports, theses, dissertations, 
manuscripts, etc . Grammatical 
editing. available . Reasonable. 
Sharon/743-1573. Escondido . 
(4/25-5/9) 

One-day word processing and/or 
editing. Over 25 years experience. 
Professional writer with over 350 
credits. Also offer tutoring, 
critiquing, ethical .. sistance with 
most writing projects . In Carlsbad. 
986-1641 . (4/25-6/2) 

Wedding Photography. We provide 
professional coverage and quality 
Images on you wedding day. Leo: 
589-9034. (512-519) 

\\\\'1'1-:1) 
eARN CASH OR MCME TICI<ETS 
FOR RESEARCH PNmaPAllONl 
Engllah-.peaklng college men 
needed for PhD atudy In 
psychology. Se •• lon. take 45 
mlnut ... Help me finish gradUe1e 
school! c.n CarrIe. ev.nlnga. 527-
On6. (5/2-812) 

EARN ttoo.oo. Subject8 wanted 
for a study on alcohol'. effecIa. If 
you are a Japan .... Chinese. or . 
Korean, .AmerIcan-born male. call 
Scrippa R .... rch InaIIlute for more 
information. 554-7240. (4/14-612) 

Aide wanted by dls.bled 
prof ••• 1ot1al worNIl. MNJ/F 8-noon; 
Sun 7-3. Own car. $7.50/hr. Pili 
298-1745. (4/28-5112) 
Healthy AduItI, ages 30-55. needed 
tor a 2-3 hour eyebHnk study III 
UCSOMC (HIIa'ea1). tMIr. C81543-
2314, (512-5131) 

PI.t:'-'O\ \L~ 
u... I met you and your friend 
BIIrbara In RourIo Oller break. Had 
a.,.at lime and I am sorry I rnIIMd 
you II OrIeya'.. I want to get In 
can1acI. Ted Murphy - 714-721-
1181, (417.-
URGENllEARTHQUAl(ECOMING 
TOSAN DIEGO. PUTCftUClFlXES 
ON ALL YOUR OOORSI PRAY, 
PRAY, PRAYlIl (4121-115) 

YOUR NED 
PuRCHASE 

... ,.. .... ., ..... 
Ex,Ins Stn/t4 

CLASSInEDS 17 

20 

great clothes, 
ridiculous prices 

'/ ~ .. I,' ~'< ~. ~, ~ J ' • 
~ ~ • '" • ~ I 't 

. . 

$99·f~LI~~!~E!. 
IllEEM, IIAlEL DR SlEr 

WJ D2·OPAQUES ..... ....-..-.. ...... I'IIIIIIioNtI,.. ...... 
... ., ... EItIIfItII ... ... 11 ......... 
CIIIIII ... CII,I'" Cf4'''' $89* $109* $169*.a 

"Includes: CompIaII EyI&Im. FItIIng. FoiIow1ljl c.e 
• CIrI KIt • NaIr SigIItIId Ax only • Other MIjor &rinds In Stock 

'----We taIIe the time to listen and explain. 
Dr." I . I SELBY, 0.0. ~!I_~I:=~:~I 578·6796 
S69 E T· LOWEST xtra hln Eyeglass Lenses! :" 

;. 

, 
. , 



2'-

a . 

p . 

18 SPORTS 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456-8REW 

College to/proof of age required. 

~~SAMUEL 
MERRITI 

\. V.E~J COLLEGE 

Oakland, California 

Proudly Announces a New 
ENTRY -LEVEl. MASTER'S DEGREE 

IN OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 

Beginning In Fall 1994 

Admission requirements include: 
• Previous baccalaureate degree required 
• Minimum cumulative GPA of 2.8 (last 60 semester 

units) and minimum science GPA of 2.6 
• GRE scores will be required; preferred minimums are 

450 verbal and 1500 composite 
• Some evidence of occupalionaltherapy volunteer/paid 

experience 
• Completion of required prere!juisites 

Attend one of the MOT Information Sessions at Samuel Merritt 
College to learn more about this new program: 

Saturday, April 30, 1994, 1:00 - 3:00 p.m. 
Wednesday, May 18, 1994,6:00 - 8:00 p.m. 

Please call the Office of Admissions at (510) 420-6076 or (800) 
607-MERRITT to reserve your place at an Information Session 
or to request application materials. 

The UCSD Caardiaa 

FALAFEL or 2 I· 
GYROS for : 

SANDWICH =:::=.. 
----------, Buyl • 
plate, secoOd plate is • 
HALF PRICE! : 

,...--_ ... - Elp.f(1_ 

-----------1 auc;N$5~_ : 
KABOB,.. =-=. _______ !S-u-:. .. 

UCLA: Tritons 
hang with the best 
COntInued from .... 20 
performed well. 

The UCSD women barely missed 
the cut in the 41400 relay, settling 
for 10th place (4:06.9). 

Other notable track performances 
included Ernest aark (49.62 in 400 
meters), Michaela Monahan (66.23 
in 400 hurdles) and Matt Ringer 
(3:56.72 in 1,500 meters). 

UCSO's efforts in the field 
events garnered the most top-20 fin-
ishes of tbe day. Sargeant provided 
the spark in the high jump, flying to 
a ninth-place mark ahead of team-
mates Ian Cooke (6' 4. 75") and Nick 
Bertino (6'2.75"). 

In the women's discus, Tara 
Monaghan placed 19th (107'9"), and 
in the javelin, Andrea Rademacher 
tok 17th place (101 '0"). 

Michele Domico led the way in 
the long jump, winning an 11 th-
place award (17' 1 "), while fellow 

lIoaday, lIay 2, 19M 

Tritons Terri Pauiauskas(lS'7") and 
Sprowl (16'9j followed close be-
hind. 

Fortbemen,Randy 8ueblerflung 
the hammer to a 153'4" distance, 
and teammate Jeff Scbnitz (174'0" 
in the javelin) also threw well. 

Rounding out the Triton men's 
entrants, Colin Williams pole 
vaulted his way to a solid mark of 
14'5.2S." 

In Sunday's finals, Sargeant 
(6'6" in high jump) and Shepard 
(35'10.5" in triple jump) captured 
eighth- and 10th-place awards, re-
spectively. 

Tbe men's finals 4x100 relay 
squad - Joe Cavan, aark, John 
Marsh, James Wiley - took eighth 
place in a time of 42.7. 

For the Triton women, the finals 
4x100 relay team of Monahan, 
Shepard, Paulauskas and Domico 
sprinted to ninth place (50.2). 

"Tbere were some tremendous 
races out there," said Salerno. "I 
was very excited about all our ath-
letes ' performances." 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SEMRY 

SELF STORAGE 
458.1·950 IIIftm 

8440 Ea.tgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

."UD.N'r .PlelA'. 

• $5 Off regular monthly 
rent (Rrst four months) 

, PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

, All sizes available 

• Bank cords accepted 

• Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 

, OPEN 7 am to 7 pm, 
7 days a week 

• Close to UCSD 

• Reserve early & avoid 
lAST DAY RUSHI 

Earn up to 15 units this summer! 
at SDSU's 

Summer 
Sessions· 
May 31- August 19, 1994 
• Sessions begin throughout the summer 
• More than 750 courses from over 50 departments! 
• Uncrowded campus - no parki"l congestion 

Register by mail now, or in penon 
beginning May 2, at the College of 
Extended Studies, 5630 Hardy Avenue 

8:30 arn.4:30 pm 
Monday-Friday 

Call SDSU 
Summer Sessions 

594-5152 
for information or to 
have Ii free camlOi 

mailed to you! 

Moada".,!,I994 The UCSD Caardiaa 

c(@§)o @l 
EWSFLASHE 

NEWSI'lASIIES 
A.S. Newsft8Ihee II produced by the 
AuocIated Students of UCSO. 
Student orpnIzatIona. may edvertIIe In 
the A.S. NewdeIheI by ftnl"l out the 
form Ioc8ted outside the A.S. 
Secretaly'l omc.. third floor, Price 
Center. SubmI •• Ion. are due each 
Wednesday at noon for the next 
MondIIy·lecIUon. 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Reprnent ,ow fellow studentscultyl 
Thee .. open poIfttons for Student 
RepIetentatMI to Ac8demIc Senate 
Committees. C811 534 4450 end ask 
for D8WI VelentJne. 

FIFrH COlLEGE SEMI-
FORMAL 
Moe! Mayhem is coming. 
Featurincentertelnment by Gumbo 
(now called Knuckle GIrl) a • OJ. 
TIcketa are $12/person or $10/ 
person w/ a Ii'OUP of 5. May 6, 9-
12pm at the Ball Hal Restaurant. Call 
the Rfth Co". Dean's Office It 534-
2234 for more information. . 

WOMEN'S SEXUAL IlEALm 
Are you too shy to say condom? Much 
less buy one? Then come to a 
women's sexual health info session. 
You'll learn valuable contraception 
information and receive a free 
condoml You'" also learn about the 
pulvic exam, STD's and morel Man 
2pm, Tu lOam" Ipm, Wed 11am 
&lpm, Th 108m "lpm. Second floor 
of Student Health SeMces. 

SUN GoD FEsTIvAL 
Attention All Orgs: For those of you 
involved in Sun God, there wi" be a 
maatory meeting May 3 • 5:30 in 
the PrIce Center Cove. Call .Jessica 
Nathanson at 534-4450. 

DucONVI 
Many local science fiction and fantasy 
authors will .peak on a \WIety at 
Interestll'II topics: Japanese anlm. 
tiOn; 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' 
will be shown It 8:30pm. Call 658-
0743 for more Information. 

SANGAM 
The time hal come. Sqam'. Annual 
CUItunII Show on May 14. Don't be 
the only one to miss ItI Cell 822-
1985 01' 457-7878 for more I~ 
tIon. 

MUIR CoMMUI'ER CoUNCIL 
We',. back from leadershIp retreat 
with pat Ideal for. '94-'951 Just whit 
Is CA.R.E.? And out Mondays. 4pm 
In HIIf.OcIme l.our1Ie. For more 
informllllon call 534-4965 or email 
daro,"ucsd.edu 

PAUSTINE SoLIDARITY 
COMMl'1TEE 
Palestine l..Jberadon OrpnIZlltJon 
representatJye Afif Sa1Ieh will be 
addressing student and faculty on 
Maay, May 2 It the PrIce Center 
Ballroom A. Lectunt title: 'PaIestIne: 
A State in the Meklng.· 5:00pm. 

IlAWAD CLUB 
General meeting tomorrow May 3 at 
6:00pm In the PrIce Center Berkeley 
room. Time to plan for upcoming 
actMtJes and events as well as next 
year' .... Ca" 657-9057 or 558-1033 
for more Information. 

TAU BETA PI NAT'L 
ENGINEERING SocIETY 
Invited students will learn about 
membership requirements and next 
year'. officers will be elected. 
Wednesday, May 4 at 6:00pm In EBU1 
rm.5101. 
PSYCH CLUB MEETING 
Come hear one of our very own 
professors speak. Monday, May 2 at 
4:00pm in the Price Center Davisl 
Riverside Room. Call 454-5203 for 
more information. 
CHOI..ESTEROC ScREENING 
$5 for students. Drop by Student 
Heatlh ServIce on Moo 1(H1 or FrI 
1()"11 " 1-2. 
PuBUCE RELATIONS 
WANTED: A.S. Publice Relations 
Director (PAID), Events Manacer, 
Publicity Manager, Editor.Jn-Chlef. Call 
5344450 or come by the 3Rt floor of 
the PrIce Center for more Informaiton. 

VOLUNTEER C0NNECl10N 
PIck .... area that you would like to 
volunteer In. Projects are available for 
envIroument, eIdef1y, youth, homeless, 
animals, end many more. Join 
together wtth others from the UCSD 
community end meke • difference In 
Sen DieCO. Call 534-1414 for more 
Information. 

ARMENIAN SnmENT 
AssocIAnON 
Now'I your chance to make an Impact 
on what &oes on Is ASA. Election. are 

comI~ upl They'" be held on 
WednHday, May 4 It 6:30pm It the 
PrIce Center Los ~/Sante 
Barbera room. Also, Parent's Day is 
~ up. Make su,. your parents 
come-the more. the merrier! It's on 
Saturday, Ma't 14. 

AC'I1VE SnmENTS FOR 
AIDS PREVENTION 
Get Involved in the fight against AlDSI 
HIV. Come to the meeting on Wednes-
day, May 4 at 7pm in the Student 
ActIvItIes Center at Warren. 

WHAT IS BAHAI? 
You've seen our table In the Price 
Center and at various campus 
festivals. Come find out what we're 
all about. Thursday, May 5 at 7:30pm 
in the Canyon Vista Lounge. 

A.S. YEARBOOK 
A.S. Yearbook has ordered a limited 
number of extra yearbooks. To 
reserve one, send a $25 check 
payable to ·A.S. Yearbook' to ·A.S. 
Yearbook, 9500 Gilman Or., La Jo"a. 
CA 920930077' 

The New Student Record is a great 
way to recruit students next fall . STop 
by EDNA or the A.S. Receptionist, 3Rt 
ftoor PrIce Center for an order form. 

Wanted: Director, Edltor-ln-Chlef, Photo 
Editor, Ad Director for 1994-1995 
staff. These are paid positions. Stop 
by the PrIce Center 3Rt ftoor to pick up 
an application. 

Poncho Guevara 
. Carla Tesak 

9l00" O~ AUftAHAM 
OOOl'O 

AlBAN WlAWN 
"OM~9AS~ AT'llAtl 

omOANO l'8~QAT'OW 

f'ft'''AY 
MAY 6TH 

1'RlO1: 01:WT1:ft 
AT {;1'M . 

'T" 'I", '0 CO 

7:0 
10:30 
HURSDAY 
a~~ 

'#~ $ I 
$2 DAY 

OF SHOW 

19 



or 

20 SPORTS 

JEFF 

PHHUGHT 
Baseball's 
Good Old 
Days 

As an intern for a local TV 
station, I've had several 
opportunities to go "behind the 
scenes" in the San Diego 
sporting world. Recently I had 
the chance to join a camera 
crew at a Padres 'baseball game. 

Sitting in a big-league 
dugout, standing behind the 
cage during batting practice 
and hanging out with pro ball 
players are all awe-inspiring 
experiences fOl any baseball 
enthusiast. 

But a few days after 
examining the underbelly of 
major league baseball, albeit a 
lowly Padres-Mets game, I 
thought back to the only other 
time I had been on the field at a 
game, 13 long years ago, at 
Candlestick Park. 

Back then, I was a star-
struck little tyke enraptured by 
all of the wonderous sites and 
sounds of the ballpark. 

Today, I see baseball 
through different eyes. It hit 
me just how different the tone 
and structure of the game is 
these days, and how much I 
miss the way the game used to 
be played. 

Now, the formula for 
victory is calculated in some 
executive's office long before 
any strategy takes place on the 
field. 

One gJance at a sports 
publication during the off-
season clearly shows you just 
how different the game is. 
You'll find consolidated lists 
of contract demands, player-
owner squabbles and threats of 
strikes. 

Players say they can't afford 
to live on only a couple of 
million dollars, while owners 
say they can't afford to pay 
them that much. 

Affording a player was 
rarely a stumbling block in past 
years, but now fans have no 
assurance that their favorite 
player will remain with the 
team. 

Thirteen years ago, Will 
Clark would still have been a 
Giant. Now be's tearing up the 
American League in Ranger 
Red. This dilemma ariIca 
because teams can only afford 
so many multi-millionaires 
before they arc forced to go 
with UDproveD 1CfUb&. Thou", I 

See 1lAlDAU" PII8 15 

The UCSDC ...... 

Tracksters 
Tackle the 
Top Guns 
LA. INVITE: UCSD track and 
field was the lone Division III 
school competing at the prestigious 
Collegiate Championships 
ByTedd LHd 
Sta" Writer 

Forget the old image of Division III athletics. 
Forget the terms "student athlete" and "small 
time." After the UCSD track and field team's 

~""~!III performance last weekend, 
those phrases no longer ap-
ply. 

...... " .,1, 19M 

• YIIUW Z~/GuMrJI." 

The Triton tracksters 
chalked up plenty of big-time 
performances at last 
weekend's California/Ne-
vada Collegiate Champion-
ships in Westwood. 

Under the spotlight of na-
tional TV coverage, UCSD 
was the only Division III 
school at the UCLA-hosted 

LIN She ..... competed In the llurdlee, ..... ,. .... triple Jump (38'4") In l.M AIC ..... 
were allowed to advance to Sunday's finals. Most 
preliminary races were held Saturday. 

ous qualifying time in that event, but also set a 
new UCSD scltool record. 

...... _.. event, which included such 
UCSD made the cut in two individual events, 

including Lisa Shepard's spectacular triple jump 
(36'4j and Steve Sargeant's Herculean highjump 
(6'6.75") and two relays, the men's 4x100(42.94) 
and the women's 4x100 meter relay. 

The shorter races were additional evidence of 
the Triton tracksters' strong overall outing. Robin 
Herskowitz ran to a solid 2:21.72 in the 800 
meters, while Alan Grant also proved formidable 
in that race (1 :53.,65). 

powerhouse track teams as Stanford, UC Berke-
ley and USC. 

- "Only the top of the heap got a chance to 
participate in this meet. It was exciting just to be 
a part of it," said UCSD Head Coach Tony 
Salerno. 

With the big-time competition came big-time 
rules. OnlY' tbe top nine finishers in each event 

Proving once again to be the runaway standout 
on the Triton men's side. JJ. Castner captured 
sixth place in the only finals event of Saturday's 
festivities - the 5,000 meters (14:35.23). 

In the 100 burdles, Shepard grabbed 11th 
place (15.12) ahead of teammate Renee Sprowl 
(16.84). and in the men's 110 hurdles, Derek 
Bennen (16.82) and Greg Stachnick (17.98) also 

In doing so, Castner not only bested his previ- See UCLA, Page 18 

Second-Ranked Tritons Slip By Pt. LOllla 
BASEBALL: UCSD picks ·up 11th-straight victory as Flanagan shuts down cross-town rival Pt. Lorna Nazarene 
By JeffPr.cht 
Sta" Writer 

It was another typical day at the 
ballpark last Thursday as the UCSD 
baseball team won again, 3-2, to 

extend its 
winning 
streak to 11 
games. This 
time the vic-
tim was PI. 
Lorna, in a 
game played 
at Pt. l.oma 
becaule of 
wet condi-
tioaI at Tri-
ton Stadium. 

UCSD, 
still playiaa • the home team de-
spite the", offtel"", OD tbe 
boud fint ia the boaoBI of tbe sec-
ond. AI DeIPavao led 011 witIt a 
double. Ricky Ramirez followed 

with a singJe into center field. send-
ing DelFavero to third. 

DelFavero rounded third. which 
prompted Crusader first baseman 
Jackie Sosa to make an ill-advised 
throw across the diamond. Sosa' s 
throw was wide of its mark, and 
DelFavero crossed the plate with 
the first run of the game. 

Shoddy defense' hurt the Tritons 
in the top of the third. Starting pitcher 
Ryan Aanagan surrendered a lead-
off double to Greg Edison. Man 
Parker then grounded to third base. 
but Ramirez made a poor throw 
across tbe diamond and Edison 
scored. 

The Tritonl maaaaect to ge_ out 
oftbe inninl oa a "'l1IIIDiDIenor 
by the en.derI. WIlla Pubr 11ft 
tbinllOO early IrJiBI to ICON _ • 
.. fly ... WII calM ......... 
.... ftlIIII ..... tied. 

FIuIpa wuwd bia WlJ'" of 

trouble again in the fourth. Facing a 
bases-loaded situation with one out. 
he forced a weak popout and a 
groundout to escape the jam, keep-
ing the score even at 1-1. 

Second baseman Eric Quandt 
started another rally for UCSD in 
the bottom of the sixth. He led off 
with a walk and went to third when 
designated hitter Craig Birk (2-4) 
singled. 0Iris Miyake then grounded 
into a double play. but Quandt scored 
to give the TritoDl a 2-1 lead. 

The Crusaders mounted a rally 
in the eighth off FIaaapa when 
tIuee CODIeCUtive ..... produced 
tbetyiDarun. 

SuI. UIUaI, UCSD8IIIWered an 
oppc..a'. ICDII willi ODe of ita 
on. .......... of ... ...... 
0.-11 (2-3. 2 _) ..... .. 
........ 0. ...... ...... 
0.-II ............... n.. 
.. ...,-...,...~ •• I ...... 

DIn MIIl .. II .... 111 
_ .... T.-
apiD by IIIOkina 18 _ ........ 
..... aile, in ripHlI_rfieJd eo 
aM die ~ a 3-2 ..... 

,.. ... z(l-l.9IP.2Il, 1BR,9H, 
lit)' , ........ Lomaia .... 
...... UCSO(27-3) ..... i1121 .. 
...., ....... 22 ....... 

HE WEEK AHEAD GUARDIAN ATHLETE-OF-THE-WEEK 

•••• ,l1li: 
Mon., May 2. at Bioi. University. 2:30 p.m. 

Tue., May 3, VI. Caltfomla Baptist at Triton Stadium, 3 p.m. 

All year -.. the .... rIEbd UCSD ....... IeaID .... 
beea ... toClOUlll_1IIIior ICII.,..... p. fDcome ttuo.p 
wi .. a vic:tGry, ad ........ weIIr .. 1IO dilfereal. 

II a d .... COIdIIt willa CIGII _. riYal PoiaII.-a Nazareae. 
~ piIdIId • N.,' I .............. ;.t-
__ "ID~to"""''''''''''''''of'''' ........ ..,,_ra.. 

n ..................... -. ....... ... 
"CCI_ill •• e, ....... .., to"'~' ...... ..... 


