
.LS.WHI •• 

...... Meet In 

... ,....... 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 
Board of Regents held a 
special meeting at UC San 
Francisco yesterday to 
discuss, among other things, 
the appointment .and financial 
compensation of a Chancellor 
of the Davia campus. During 
the three- bour meeting, the 
regents discussed other 
personnel matters and opened 
the floor to public comment 
for 15 minutes. 

UC •• a.taNew 
C ..... 11or 
SANTA BARBARA-
Henry T. Yang, an engineer-
ing dean and professor at 
Purdue University, will 
become the fifth chancellor of 
UC Santa Barbara on July 1. 
Yang, who was appointed by 
UC President Jack Peltason 
and unanimously approved by 
the UC Board of Regents. 
will replace outgoing chan-
cellor Barbara Uehling. 
Uehling is at the center of 
controversy after the San 
Francisco Chronicle leaked 
that Peltason~wants to award 
her a $179,000 bonus. 

Computer Thief 
Apprehended , 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
statewide search for a man 
suspected of stealing com-
puter chips from West Coast 
universities ranging from 
Washington to San Diego 
finally came to an end last 
month when Califontie State 
University police appre-
hended 24-year-old Avnm 
Morar. The suspect led police 
on a short foot chase before 
he was detained for question~ 
ing by UC police. UCSB lost 
$250,000 worth of comput~r 
equipment in 27 thefts over 
the past eight months. Only 
$13,000 worth have been 
recovered so far. Police are 
still searching for Morar's 
suspected accomplice. 

INSIDE 

AUSSIES 
HIAtuS: Australian 
male revue visits San 
Diego Hi 

.... ,s: Triton 
teMis loses to ASU 
(AZ) 8-1 • 

INDEX 

lOB IIID'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN a 110IIII .................... J 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIAM .................................. HI 

................... ............... 9 
aAl ... ...... ..... ............ .. I. 

l ' 

, H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE" 

Candidates Charged with Misconduct 
ELECTIONS: 1\vo 
slates may have violated 
campaign bylaws 
By JonM Palmer 
Co-News Editor 

Naomi Falk, a candidate for 
vice president of external afflfirs 
in this week's Associated Students 
elections, has been barred from 
actively campaigning since Tues-
day following a Monday hearing 
that determined she had violated 

campaign bylaws. 
Candidates for president and 

vice president administrative -
the top two AS. positions - were 
also charged yesterday with vio-
lating an election bylaw requiring 
candidates to claim campaign 
materials. 

Wally Lockwood, running for 
commissioner of operations/ser-
vices and enterprises, alleged that 
presidential and VP administra-
tive candidates Poncho Guevara 
and Emel yn de la Pena of the Revo-

lutionary Action Challenging the 
Establishment (R.A.C.E.) slate did 
not report certain flyers posted 
around campus. 

Guevara said he was not re-
sponsible for making or circulat-
ing the flyers. "Nadina [a member 
of the Student Affirmative Action 
Coalition] said that she was re-
sponsible for doing it, though 
SAAC did endorse the candidates 
[ofR.AC.E. and Students First!]," 
Guevara said. At press time, a hear-
ing date had not been set. 

Monday's decision has also 
affected the campaign of vice 
president of finance candidate 
Jennie Craig, another member of 
Students First!, since the restric-
tions apply to Falk's entire' slate. 

The charges were brought 
against Falk by. Cecelia Lucero, 
A.S. assistant programmer, after 
Falk attended an interview ses-
sion last Wednesday held by the 
Interfratemity/Panhellenic coun-
cil. 

See ELECTION, Page 3 

PICKIN' AT THE POLLS UCAB Chair 
Defends His 
Position 
IMPEACHMENT: Goodman 
addresses A.S. charges of charter 
violations 
By Aleunder ThIeHn 
Associate News Editor 

University Centers Advisory Board 
(l)CAB) Chair Aaron Goodman responded in 
a memorandum on Monday to charges of 
charter violations issued by the Associated 
Students, which is calling for his removal. 

In the memorandum, Goodman defended 
allegations of UCAB charter violations is-
sued by the A.S., writing "The accusations 
against me are nothing more than petty poli -
tics perverting an arena it does not belong in." 

In a March 29 letter addressed to members 
of the UCAB and written by AS. representa-
tive Greg Hearn, the A.S. called on the 
advisory board to remove Goodman as chair 
citing charter violations and negligence of his 
duties. Goodman dismissed the allegations as 
" totally unwarranted." 

0111 McDowetI/~ 
~ CoIIeIe Junior JolIn HoIfIMn takM his tum at tilt pol" In tilt A.s. electIOM. 

In his memorandum, Goodman claimed 
that since Hearn had been the A .S . repre-
sentative for less than a month he did not 
have sufficient knowledge to criticize the 
board 's leadership. He also attacked the 
A.S. for not appointing a representative to 
the UCAB for several weeks, adding that he 
was "embarrassed as a student that my As-

See UCAB, Page 7 

A.S. Proposes Campus Police Oversight 
-By EIIzHeth Mackenzie 
St." Writer 

The A.S. Office of the Student 
Advocate has proposed the cre-
alion of a campus security and law 
enforcement review boud in an 
effort to improve communication 
between the campus community 
and the UCSD Police Department. 

The proposal, submitted by 
ComnaiIIioner of StudeDt Advo-
CIICY MIlt Wiater .. biI ...... t 
PIdriet Dwyer, 1lOIII Ibat the ea-
tabUte .,Dlot ... areviewboud 

would allow members of the cam-
pus community to give input on 
the issues of security, crime pre-
vention and law enforcement as 
well as establish a better link be-
tween the Police Department and 
the university. 

"It's within students' rights to 
be represenled because the stu-
dents make up the community of 
UCSD," Winter said. 

Under the pidelinea of the pro-
potal, tbe Police Department 
would make ... Ju reports to the 

board regarding crime trends and 
complaints filed against the de-
partment. The board would then 
respond to grievances of anyone 
who felt that the police and the 
university administration had not 
adequately responded to a com-
plaint. 

Grievances deemed worthy of 
further inquiry would be investi-
gated by the Judicial Affain Of-
fice, the Office of the Student 
Advocate or anoihersuitlble body. 
The review board would have the 

authority to recommend such in-
vestigations. 

"There are people on campus 
that are, and rightly so, afraid to 
make charges against the Police 
Department. Tbey ' re afraid what 
they say may 10 unheard," said 
Winter. 

Nevertheless, Winter contends 
that the campus police "bonestly 
respond to students concerns, " 
and that the review board would 
be a means of giving students a 

See POUCI, PaCe 8 



2 NEWS 

Sun God Artist Talks 
About Her Creation 
IDOL: De.Saint Phalle discusses connection of Sun 
God, Aztec deity Quetzalcoatl in Price Center 
BybNnw ..... 
Stsff Writer 

Niki de Saint Phalle, creator of 
the Sun God, gave a retrospective 
presentation of her work Tuesday 
evening at the Price Center The-
atre which included a slide show 
and a discussion of the artist's 
work. 

The event was at-
tended by many lo-
cal art studertts, 
people from the San 
Diego community 
and UCSD Chan-
cellor Richard 
Atkinson. 

a dart board where the head should 
be. 

During the 19605, de Saint 
Phalle was known for her "shoot-
ing art." 

The artist created paintings that 
were initially painted completely 
white, then she shot small plastic 

bags of paint at-
tached to the can-
vas with a .22 
caliber long rifle. 

In later years, 
she created play-
grounds using 
colorful, whimsi-
cal monsters. 

Most recently, 
de Saint Phalle 
has been working 

UCSDTVwason 
hand to film the 
event, as was an in-
dependent producer 
filming the lIrtist's 
life for French and 
German television. 

M[The Sun God] 
Is a celebration 

on a Tarot 
Garden near 
Tuscany, Italy. 

Susan Scofield, a 
fourth-year Visual 
Arts major, said, "I 
thought she was very 
dynamic. Her work 
is really positive and 
inspirational." 

of cuHural 
identification 

Believing it to 
be "her life's mis-
sion," th is garden 
was inspired by 
tarot cards and 
the Parc Guell in 
Barcelona, 
Spain: 

Muir College 
Provost Patrick 
Ledden introduced 
de Saint Phalle, and 
he spoke of the Sun 
God as the first piece 
of the Stuart Sculp-

De Saint 
Phalle said she 
wants this new-

between the 
Mexican god 
Quetzalcoatl, 
the 1l' ..... vlng 
fore •••• and 
Indian art." est work to be .. a 

-Nlkl ... SaInt Phalle garden of joy" 
Sun God Sculptor uniting nature 

ture Collection at UCSD. De Saint 
Phal/e was the first artist recom-
mended to the Stuart selection 
committee in the fall of 1980. 

According to Ledden, de Saint 
Phalle "had the idea to make a 
focal point on the campus" after 
taking a tour of UCSD. 

According to de Saint Ph aile, 
the Sun God, which was shipped 
from Paris in early 1983, is an icon 
of the life-giving force of the sun. 

"[The Sun God] is a celebra-
tion of cultural identification be-
tween the Mexican god 
Quetzalcoatl, the life-giving 
force ... and Indian art," she said. 
In the original plans for the Sun 
God, the statue's base was to be 
covered by wildflowers to give 
the appearance of a nest. 

De Saint Phalle laughingly ex-
pressed dismay at the bare spots 
on the base and threatened to plant 
wildflowers there herself within 
the next few years. 

Although she never attended 
art school, de Saint Phalle is fa-
mous for her paintings, perfor-
mances and architectural and 
sculptural pieces. 

For example, one painting, en-
titled "Portrait of my Lover," is 
made ofa painted shirt and tie with 

with art. The gar-
den will consist of a cheerful and 
colorful collection of sculpture and 
architechtural art, intended to pro-
vide a haven for meditation and 
philosophical musing. 

One garden piece, reminiscent 
of the Egyptian sphinx, served as a 
home to the artist for 10 years as 
she worked on the project. 

Many of the other sculptures in 
the garden reach dozens of feet in 
the air. 

De Saint Phalle said she 
would also like the garden to 
be a tribute to all the women of 
the world who did not get the 
opportunity to fulfill their 
dreams, as sbe has. 

De Saint Phalle designed and 
sold perfume, decorative art and 
furniture in order to finance the 
project. 

De Saint Ph.lle said she is 
happy with her relative anonymity 
within mainstream society, add· 
ing that if her work gives people 
pleasure, it is "the biggest satis-
faction you can have." 

After living mostly in Europe, 
de Saint Phalle has now made San 
Diego her winter home. 

"I felt it was unique because of 
the mountains and the sea and the 
Mexican culture," she said. 

The UCSD G ... rdian Thunda" April 7 , 1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES hv Bill Watterson 
Q.l'll~, C~E. OJl" FRO'" 
~"ER.E:Vf.R. '{OJ'RJ:: \-@ING 

AAO ~\(E. ,,{CAJR BA~! 
1)0 '1JJ \QR tE, 

Q,L'4'M?! I tIEAH 
"'!~..,;a, 

L1~ IT'S MY ~AULT 
Sl4E ~T GOmN 
M: CI4I~I4l'i S'fIll'r . 

I S\JQ£ L\~ ~rE 
f~ SUGHI.~! 
LOCI( ~ ~ mE. 

~IL~ GU'5! 

~T 1\) SEE ~IMG 
~R.O? L~ ~T -mE. 

M~fQ\n~LI~~~n~ 
()Iol ~ 8K~ \IfI.~£l . 

I 

BRIEFLY ... 

Students Sought for UCSD Careers 
Applications are now being accepted for the Staff 

Employment Internship Program (SEIP). The p~m 
Is speclflcally designed to recruit affirmative action 
students interested in Administrative and Professional 
Staff (MPS) and pre-admlnistrative and pre-profes-
sional staff positions. The program is offered to 
juniors and seniors interested In career opportunities 
with UCSD. 

Interns typically WOI1< 10 hours a week on projects 
designed to enhance joIHelated skills and to expand 
formal classroom training. In addition to on-the:lob 
training, a mentor is assigned to each intern for career 
guidance. 

Currently, five students are participating in the 
1993-94 program. Applications for the 1994-95 pr0-
gram are due by Monday, May 2. A major qualiflcatlon 
for selection is the student's interest in securing a 
position at UCSD after graduation. Coursework, skills, 
knowledge and experience are other factors that will 
be considered by the selection commmee. 

To apply, students must write a one-page narrative 
and fill out an application available at Career Services, 
Student Organizations Leadership Opportunltltes 
(SOLO), and the OffIce for Students with DisabilitIes. 

UCSD'. Stu_t Collection 
Tak_ NatloiuIl Honors 

The American InstiMe of Architects (AlA) has 
awarded the Stuart Collection of contemporary sculp-
ture at UCSD the prestigious AlA 1994 Institute Hon-
ors for "distinguished achievements in the allied arts 
and sciences that benefit the built environment and 
the architectural profession." 

The award, one of only 10, Is to be acknowledged 
at the 1994 AlA National Convention, May 13-16, In 
Los Anaeles. 

The award was the latest in a series of honors 
bestowed upon the Stuart CollectIon. In 1991, Jackie 

........ 
. . . . . . . .. . .. . . .. ~ .... 

Ferrara's "Terrace" received an American Society ot 
Landscape Architects (AS~) award. In 1992, Alexis 
Smith's "Snake Path" was given the Orchid Award by 
the San Diego Orchids and Onions Community Aware-
ness Program. Last year, the Stuart Collection picked 
up the AlA Honor Award. 

Brochures for self.gulded tours of the Stuart Collec-
tion are available at the Gilman Drive and Northvlew 
Drive Information booths. For additional intormatlon, 
contact the Stuart Collection office at 534-2117. 

Meel School to Hold Fiesta to 
a_nt FlIUlllClaI Aid Pro ...... · 

"Aesta de SOMA," a CInco de Mayo-style fiesta, 
will be held on Sunday, May 1 from 4 to 7 p.m. at 
University House, 9630 La Jolla Farms Road, La Jolla. 
The festival, hosted by Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
and UCSD School of Medicine Dean John A1ksne, Is 
Intended to benefit the UCSD School of Medicine 
Grant.Jn-Need Rnanelal AssIstance Program. 

The event Is sponsored by the UCSD School of 
Medicine Associates (SOMA), a group aimed at k~ 
Inc the school In contact wIth the community. 

The fiesta features a buffet catered by EI Indio 
restaurant, music by the Nuevo California MarIachIs 
and dancer$ from Ballet Folklorlco . • 

A drawlre will be held for two round trip tickets for 
a week in Puerto Vallarta and dinner for e!&ht In your 
home catered by Ei Indio restaurant. 

Tickets are $50 per person. Student guests can be 
sponsored for $25. 

SOMA has awarded about $8,000 to medical stu-
dents through the Grant.Jn-Need program. The funds 
are used for emergency travel In the case of deeth or 
Illness, travel for residency Interviews, or emetiency 
medical treatment not covered by Insurance. 

For more Information or for tickets, call GIpson at 
534-1503. 

.. ~ ... -4 .. .. ••• • ........... ..- ~ .. 
. ............................ .. 

Thunda" April 7, 1994 

ELECTION: 
A.S.letterhead 
causes stir 
Continued from .... 1-

"A friend of mine mentioned 
that [Falk and Craig] had handed 
out campaign material and that it 
was on A.S. letterhead," Lucero 
said. 

At the interview, Falk distrib-
uted an "info packet" containing 
photocopies of three letters that 
she had written to various indi-
viduals while she was working in 
the External Affairs Office. Three 
separate charges were brought 
against Falk in connection with 
the letters in the packet, including 
using A.S. resources for her cam-
paign. 

Lucero said that she was sim-
ply going to file the charge against 
Fait for using A.S. resources in 
the form of the copy of the letter-
head, when she discovered that 
Fait and Craig did not have ap-
proval to hand out campaign fly-
ers, thus violating another bylaw. 

LUcero also charged Falk with 
usinl A.S. allocated fees for cam-
paign purposes, since Falk had 
been a paid employee of the Asso-
ciated Students when she wrote 
the letters included in the' info 
packet. 

"Any Joe Blow could have seen 
[the use of A.S. letterhead] as the' 
A.S. indirectly supporting [the 
candidates]," added Lucero. 

Falk said she disagreed with 
the notion that the letters would 
have strongly aff~ed the outcome 
of the election, adding that as soon 

To Vote or Not to Vote 
WIth the A.S. elections coml,. to 

a clole today, campaipra endel~ 
tIon officIals are pleased that more 
students hIM visited the polls thIs 
ye., but they maIntain that the over· 
all percentage of voters Is stili dl. 
mally low. 

"I thInk (the election) II golre 
much better than last ye.," said 
Roslyn Robbins, pollster and pres~ 
dent of the UCSD Retirement As~ 
clatlon. 

Other pollsters agreed with 
Robbins, saying they have noticed 
greater voter turnout this ye. than 
In past years. 

According to A.S. DIrector of Stu-
dent Organizations Randy Woodard, 
a total of 1,239 voter signatures had 
been collected as of yesterday. Last 
ye. the overall number of votes 
totaled 708. 

While UCSD students have mostly 
been closed-mouthed about who they 
voted tor, some did speak up about 

as she and Craig realized there 
might have been a violation, they 
contacted members of IFC! 
PanheUenic to recall the packets. 

"We got 29 out of SO [back)," 
Falk said. She dismissed any ef-
fect that the remaining 21 letters 
would have on the election as 
trivial. 

Former Commissioner of Stu-
dent Advocacy Matthew Winter 
said that he was asked by Falk to 
defend her during her trial on 
Monday afternoon. However, the 
board members at the hearing in-
terpreted the advocacy office as 
an A.S. resource that was not ap-
propriate for the purpose of elec-
tion campaigns. 

When Winter found that the 

11lteulve MCAT Prep: 
1) DIll! works ... don't settle for less! 

The UCSD C ... rdiaa 

why they voted. 
"I have a friend who's running," 

said Reveile junior Alnit Pandey. 
"I'm voting because one of my 

residents has been on my case to 
vote for the CALPIRG (referendum)," 
said Revelle sophomore and Resi-
dent Advisor Erin Buell. 

A brief, unoffiCial GulHdian tally 
revealed that only 20 of 74 students 
polled had voted by Wednesday. 

. -candice McFIIIancI 

board was unwilling to allow him 
to defend Fallt, "I saw the only 
option was to resign my office. It 
had become such an issue, I 
thought it was going to jeopardize 
[our] cue." 

"I regret that 1 had to resign," 
Winter said, adding that he did so 
to retain the integrity of his office, 

Winter also suggested that the 
insistance that he not defend Falk 
as a Student Advocate was un-
founded because he had repre-
sented Randolph Siwabessy and 
hia slate after the A.S. elections 
last year. Winter represented the 
slste during hearings to determine 
if Siwabessy could remain Presi-
dent after it was revealed that he 

See ELECTION, Page 7 

1) combines fregacpt in-class MCAT instruction & real MCAT testing with 
careftllly guided home study. 

3) is correlated with MCAT 'IICCCII. 
4) may be the factor to get JB into medical school. 

Columbia MCAT Review: 
1) an independent, full-service program taught by MCAT " ..... (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates It English Department Ph.D. faculty). 
1) specializes in latcpIyc MCA T prep & medical school admissions assistance-

they are all we dol 
3) originated the concept of ""","yc MeAT pRa" here in San Diego in 1985, 

bcun of simulaton! 
4) gIf,n -n tban any other pr'ep course: the most total boun, the most qualified 

A experienced instructors, the most up-IOodate materials, unlimited free tutorial 
It application/admissions assistance, all at the ked mit! 

5) '.,. tnct record of "double-digit" MCA T scores It "top choice" med school 
acc:eptaJlCCS for our ltudents. 

·s....erl994: 
Qaases bepa JIM 121" aDd are already 1/2 full. Umited enrollment, Don't settle for leu! 

Columbia Review 
I. "."" Mtll ,."""". 

ENROLL NOW! 456·8488 

• 5 FACfORY OlITLETS for 
UCSD's Convenience 

• FAMOUS NAME BRANDS 
priced at 50·90% below retail 

• Don't ever spend full price when 
you can look this good for less 

~', APPAREL . / 
-;:., /7 

NEYS3 

Miramar 
8250 (amino Sonto F. 

450"3323 
'aclfk 1M'. 
.31 GIITI.I 
413-5150 

ca~ 

Mllkrtsl SDSU Esc •• ellti. 
sao Ullnrslly ,... "63 II '-1.1 II,d. IsaI6Ie rr ...... 

612·4067 460-4370 131·' 1'7 

inhale 

ALL THE 
SPAGHETII YOU WANT 
FOR $599, including salad and garlic bread. 

And to wash it all down, $500 COORS LIGHT or 
MICHELOB DAD PITCHERS, 

No coupon DCCCllaly. JIIIi brins your It\. knt ID and say I want it. 
ANY DAY •• ANY TIME. 

77" bGBNTS b, 10°/0 m.,. •• 11 FlBB, VONS SHOPPING ,t ---111- - DELlVEllY 
CENTEl _10, I11III111-. 546-7666 

.......... ., ...... L ______ -,._...;(IO ___ '_"""_...,.....;~..J"' ______ .I 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial BotIrtJ 

ERIC SCHMIDT, EdItor In ChIef 
SHANNON BLEDSOE, ~ Editor 
DOUG ALEXANDER, ()pinion Editor 

,.". VCSD GuMd/arl I. pubI_ twice • -" • the U-.I\y 01 CeIIfomIe. 1M DIeIII. ConIenta 01et4. ~ ____ ..-the INjortIy _ 01 the __ • end ... not 
-IJ II-. of !he UC _ of ........ !he ASUCSO. IIOf the ..... GcMnI/MI ot8II. 

Cutting Ties with UCSA 
Would Be a Mistake 

It seems hopeless to fight fee inaeases. We complain, they kccp 
coming. It seems hopeless to try to decrease administrative spend-
ing. We ask for a cut in administrative benefits, they cut.low-Ievel 
staff salaries, thinlc.ingthat's what we meant by administration. Since 
the members of this editorial board arrived at UCSD, fees have more 
than doubled and continue to rise quickly. 

But things could have been worse - students could have been 
ignored all together and fees could have risen even more dnstically. 
Student lobbying before the University of California Board of 
Regents and the State Legislature has helped to bring student issues 
to the fore, assuring that our representatives at least know about our 
concerns. The UC Student Association (UCSA). our lobbying 
organization, has been the students' loudest voice. 

It comes as no shock that UCSD's Associated Students are 
considering pulling out of the UCSA. The A.S. Councils at UC 
Riverside and UC Irvine have already left the organization, which 
costs UCSD students $21,150 per year in mandatory fees. The 
trouble derives from the UCSA's purpose - to take student views 

. before the regents and the Legislature. The State Supreme Court 
ruled in Smith v. Regents that mandatory fees cannot be used for 
political purposes, and 'Iobbying before the· Legislature is mo.<it 
certainly political. 

Smith forced the UCSA to scramble. The orpnization, while 
devoted to presenting student views, can no longer use mmdatory 
student fees (such as the $21.150 sent by UCSD every year) to 
finance its lobbying efforts. The UCSA now restrictS' itscIf to 
lobbying the regents and spreading news of student issues, which is 
not illegal. However. a UCSA splinter group, the UC Lobby Corps, 
continues to lobby the Legislature. Because it is tied to the UCSA in 
several ways - corps members are chosen by UCSA members-
UC srudcnr governments worry that the UCSA may still be violating 
the law through its coMection with the group. 

The ASUCSD thinks it could be in danger of being sued because 
it pays mandatory fees to the UCSA. UCSD should not pull out of 
the UCSA unless an investigation proves that the group is breaking 
the law by violating Smith v. Regents. For the last several years, the 
UCSA has been a platform for concerns over rising costs and 
declining quality at the Uc. Dropping out because of flimsy legal 
worries is weak-kneed at best. 

Censors Escalate Attack 
On Speech at UCR 

Freedom of speech is not in good favor these days. While the 
reactionary urge to censor words, images and ideas is nothing new, 
anernpts at silencing speech seem to have gained a measure of 
credibility in the last decade. Nowhere has this mentality been more 
ominous than on coUege campuses - the so-called bastion of 
discourse and ideas. Although institutional measures such as speech 
codes are still the exception, there's plenty of evidence that some arc 
quite wiUing to shun the FUSI Amendment when it fits tbeirpurposes. 

This mentality is evidenced by the rub of trIsbinp IDd proats 
leveled IpiDIt public:aIions wbic:b have the plI to publiIb Ididcs 
that IOIIIC find oft'aIsive. The I)'IfOmItic ...... t apiDst MommIIIIrI 
earlier this year. which aaIminIIcd in the removal of h~ of 
copies of the offending iaae, was hardly an abcmIion. This disre-
gard for the very basic IIId simple principleoffree spccch-the idea 
that we have the right both 10 say what we wmt IIId to make our own 
j~ts about what we ICe IIId hear - bas bCCOlllC aU too 
common 011 universities. 

Which brings us to UC Riverside, where former HiPJtwIer IIIIf 
writer Mark C. Hlrdie received multiple dcatb thrall in respOIlIC to 
an opinion piece about AfroceoIrism. HIldie is black. He's alia • 
conservative. 

Hardie was first tbrcatcood when I groUp of African-American 
sIudcnIs IUI10UDded him aod verbIIIy .... Ied him after his anide 
was published. The &ec:IOIld threat ocaured wIIiIe Hardie was. pest 
011 KUCR', "Afric:an-Americ:In AWIIeIICI8"Ibow. when "Cluck 
from RiverIide" called IIId said, "He', JOIIDI be I victim. I'm 
~tiD& 0UIIidc, I'm JOIIIIIIdII him." 

SudI brutiIb attempCI at siIenc:ina di..a cannot go UDCIIaJ-
lqed. Ally tbrcIt to free apeoc:b - be it tbmuP ....... DeWIpI-
perl or IntjmjdaIjon - is ......... IDd CIII cmIy IeId • 
bKkwInII.lt w.a't juIt HInIIo', ute wIdc:b ....... ~ If. it was 
twrybody' .................. .,.. -..-..... 

.The UCSD Gaardiaa Thunda,. April 7. 1994 

PINION 

ENGENDERED FILM 
COMMENTARY: Popular films reproduce'the worst stereoptypes of women, 
often portraying them either as passive and incompetent or simply crazy . 
By ........ Huo PhlIII,. simply could not fiftd much information. This isn't sur-
Sf"" WrIter prising. mnsidering that in 1990 alone 70 percent of all 

So there I sat, IS did many of you the nigbt tt tbC film roles went to men. Of the 49,(l18 roles CIIl in Ibe 
Academy Awards, watdJiDg movie IIW after movie IIIIr Screen Adon OuiJd (SAG) fiJm indlVprojec:II In 1989. 
parade around in red ribbons and tight outfits. I wasn't the Jargest number (41.1 peRlent) were male supporting 
quite sure why I was watdling the idiot box in the first roles. The smallest number (13.9 percent) werr. female 
place, but I watched anyway, fascinated. One film in leading roles. This means that there are very few movies 
particular caught my attention-ThePiano. Critics made made about women. Instead, women usually IelVe as 
a big hullabaloo about how the movie was directed by a decoration - as a sidekick or relative of the procagonist. 
woman, had mostly female actors and 0" ... · ___ ' / / Women who are cast in leading roles 
was primarily about women 's lives. I -..... ,./ earn far less than their male counter-
didn't quite understand whal all the fuss __ ,/' parts. Forexunple, in the movieFrGllkie 
over women and film was about. Now I _ and Johnny. AI Pacino was 'paid $6 
do. million while Michelle Pfieffer earned 

Being "people of the nineties," we - $3 million. This inequality exists 
like to think that women can do anything throughout the industry. Women repre-
a man can - being a parent, lawyer, :: sent 43 peRlent of SAG's membership 
bartender or senator - and that sexism -- - but earn 32 pen:ent of SAG earnings for 
is a condition of the past. We would like ' feature films, television and industrial 
to believe that women are now Iibented As film ... oducer work. Asa resultoftbese inequalities, in 
and independent enough to pursue any 1989 men earned $644 million while 
kind of lifestyle. But if you take a closer Joel SlIver ..... women earned $296 million. 
look at the cinema, you will find tbat 1Ibout. ...... Women have DOl bad much succeas 
women - both on and off ICI'een - are in piDins equallDd appopriaIc Rpre-
often in the euc:dy oppoIite poIiIion. In .... .....,...... aentation on aeea either. As film pro-
The film induIIry eIfectiwIy minora ..., ... I _ duccr Joel SiIwr IBid about women in 
and contributes to Ibe aexiIt IlliIUdes in .... , ...,... his filma, '"1be onI)' lime I .. diem, 
our 1DCiccf,. ... 7 sl_ tbey." ciIber MIDed or dead.. ,Not ev-

Filma are Uya .... ·Is ofAmeri- . eryone in Hollywood is ... banb, bill 
ClDIOCiety.Thec:iaema,amajorformof • dl ot • ....... ' fi'mmaJren are prone eo .... C8rica-

espeIIIionfor~·.aaiIUdes,iaallo .... ,... .. tureaofwomen tbIt are ___ and 
a .-n-billioa doIIu induItry. Oft' Ibe • 
IOI,peopIe·.lMIiboodIdepeDdonmak- ....,..... Ie ~ a prime c:samIiJe of the 
iDa popular films. In addition, Ibe way .... ........ '**'"b apinIt womea'. iDdepen-
people are treaIIId on the lit oftca Ie- .. UUsll •• ," deDc:e. In aU bIr oflbe ~ 
fIecII the way we live our IiWI and .............. films ......... ,... womea were 
illlencl with 0IberL ..- .. diviclediDlotwoplUpl-forrewardor 

We CID oftea retaae to ..... 011 to ....... . p ..... meaI 'I1Ie ....... lie aU 
the ICIeCIL They l1li)' portray our fee.I- ........ of ....... and bIIDd ..... ..m.(FtI-
iIIp IIIWIrd a ....... ..tJjed. or Ibe ... IIW. "'~"'.U"'''''''')or 
cmractec. may ..... insipt _ our . 1hey ...... orwic .. m ....... (7h 
IiveI. Wlawellepinlothe ....... weareablelo .. ipiDlo M ..... .., ....... ,. CGp n.) The remaJe 
a kind of ..... _ in whIc:It we can .... y be IIDCOft- viIIIiDI·. II ___ .... fail 10 ... up their iIMIepen-
lCiouIIy infIueoced ...... .atlimiled 10 the....... .... ... _ ...... ~. *ew in 1Inr 

, trieI of otber fonDs cillllll ~ lib map- M ..... .." till ........ pvaa n ia Ikwrly 
m. or IeIeviaioa Iitcoma. Loaa-lqdl ~ HiIb c. ... III ........ cweer __ ia F_ 
1IdInicp.a ... filmmIbn the opIion cl deeply apIor-~ ...... lWudlpoinlloutin .. boaUtIctiuIt. 
illdIIrIcIIen and pIoILla tbiI Wly.1be)' '*l1DOid dIIir ............ 111M .......... IIIIIIiw 
....... ....... aadlbelUdieacel· ..... 1O.... ...lCItJPIIal~T ; ...... n. ...... cldllr-ia.,.,...,.... 111 ••• 1 U., ..... .,IOCiIty ...... , ..... -

Wlrta11cd!td iIIo .. 1IIIjett al~""'. : . 1M ......... . 

Th ........ ,. April7.1¥M The UCSD GaanliaD OPINION 5 

MESA CULTURAL CENTER INSTITUTIONAIJlZES RACISM 
EdIter: 

The RevcreDdMartin Lutber Kina 
was inuguIbIy the gJaIaIIc:iviJ rights 
leader of our time. In his quat for 
freedom and justice. Dr. King said 
that we shauId judge each penon by 
bis cbaractcr IDd not by the color of 
his skin. The 14th Amendment of the 
constitution guarantees equal pro-
tection UDder the la~ without regard 
to race, religion, origin or gender. 
The Bill of Rights guarantees the 
right to free speech. At Mesa Col-
lege, none of these ideals are IS im-
portant as the building of a 
multicultural center. I became inter-
ested in tbe purpose of tbe 
multicultural center when the San 
Diego Union quoted the president of 
Mesa College as saying there was a 
need to cut summer classes to pre-
serve funding for tbe building. 
Courses my students needed to com-
plete tbeirstudies would not be avail-
able to pay for a building. 

As with most institutions, Mesa 
College ha budget problems. To meet 
the red ink. Mesa's president, 
Constance Canoll, decided to cut 
classes to meet the shortfall. More 
specifically, a... were cut in some 

. departments to provide more classes 
in others. This is not usual. The deci-
sion as to what classes to fund is still 
ID enigma. Castes with higb alteo-

dance, sbowiDa student need, did DOl 
receivefundina. 

The popoeod multicultural center 
is a $1.2 million buildina for the ex-
clusive \I!e by <lUCIDO, American-
1Ddian, Asian and African-American 
studia. These ethnic groupa repre-
sent 2S to 29 percent of the total 
student population. 

Thrccyearsago,About29,OOOstu-
dents attended Mesa College. Now 
20,000 students attend the college and 
tbese figures continue to decline. 
Multicultural class offerings do DOl 
draw a significant number of students 
and many of these courses simply do 
not pay for themselves. The argu-
ments for the center suggest that stu-
dents and faculty of specific racial and 
ethnic groups cannot study culture or 
effectively teach in the facilities that 
all other faculty and staff must use. 
Proponents of the center advance the 
social argument that the majority owes 
them because of historical racism. 
Proponents do not explain bow the 
center will build racial bannony, un-
derstanding or reinforce the I\meri-
can ideals and the rights of all peoples. 
The current facilities that house Afri-
can-Americ:an arid Qlicano studies 
need replacement. Solving this prob-
lem is simple. Move these depart-
ments into existing vacant facilities. 

Further investigation shows that 

READERS ' 

FORUM 
TIle GuInIIIn ~ IIIWIIIItI CCIIIIIIIIIIfW· 
Ies tam /Is 1Ndera. All ~ _ 1»/10 IOfWer 
than line ,..... ~. doub/HpM»d IIItI 
.... IM1n IhoukI .., contMn • ptto". 
numbIIt. W. _ file .110 I/JII frx IetWfI! 
IIItI cMt1ty. UllIn may ". dtopped otr //I the 
GuInIIIn otra 011 the -.I fIotN of the old 
Sludlntc.nrw{ttIrI ""1I1e~SIIn~ 
op} Of NIII /IJIIMII. SetIa .. ".,. 10: 

The GuInIIIn 
0!*N0n EdIIOr 
~ GlItNn Or. 03le 
~ .JoIII. CA 92093C316 

the district has earmarked funds for 
this building that are not to come from 
the instructional budget. However, 
once built, the building's maintenance 
costs must come from the general 
fund and will dircctly affect Mesa's 
course offerings . 

President Canou made the link-
age between the building of a 
multicultural center and the instruc-

ERRATUM 

tiona! budget. Maybe this Iinbge was 
a slip of the tongue or expressive of a 
hidden agenda. 

MulticUlturalism is an attempt to 
institutionalize racism. It does not 
bring together groups to be American. 
Multiculturalism insists on recogniz-
ina an individual's race and culture as 
more important than weaving the c0-
hesive fabric that binds all Ameri-
cans. What is that fabric? No matter 
where we came from, no matter what 
color our skin, we are Americans and 
Americam first Multiculturalismsug-
gests that there is no such peoon as an 
American, only the oppressed and the 
oppressor. 

An informal survey of students 
shows that many did not know Mesa 
College was building a multicultural 
center. Many students suggested that 
Mesa needs a parking facility more 
than a building for specific racial and 
cultural groups. Many students of all 
races and cultures found the proposed 
center a silly idea. One Olicano sug-
gested that building a building for 
Latinos was the same as building a 
barrio on campus. He said, "I left the 
barrio, I don't need one here to remind 
me where I left. "OneAfrican-Ameri-
can student said that she is "trying to 
leave the ghetto, not spend more time 
in it. "The most important question: 
"How does this multicultural center 

help me learn the skills I need to get a 
job and get on with my life?" The 
answer is not the building. It is the 
quality oftbe program and professor's 
teaching skills that are important. 

Multiculturalism tries to institu-
tionalize quotas and political correct-
ness. Shame on the chancellor and the 
Board of Trustees for approving a 
building designed to encourage seg-
regation, class envy and race hatred. 
Mesa should not build this center. 

The center is clearly not in the best 
interests of most students. Mesa is a 
two-year institution that primarily 
selVes transfer students. 1be Board of 
Trustees and chancellor's support for 
this building is race pandering at its 
worst. If minority groups feel this 
center is essential forself-ateem,have 
these communities fund it. If the com-
munity will not support it, the time is 
not right. 

Dr. Kingwould not have supported 
the construction of a building the pur-
pose of whicb is to segregate based on 
race, culture or color. The 14th 
Amendment to the U.S. Constitution 
states that we are all equal. But not at 
Mesa College. At Mesa College, free-
dom of speech is only permissible if it 
supports multiculturalism and a p0-
litical agenda at odds with IJlOSI Ameri-
cans. 

Mark L Hustoa 

In the April 4 election issue of the Guardilm, our endorsement for Commissioner of Programming was unclear. 
The editorial board endorses J ••• Ia ............ fUMing on the Student Unity slate, for programmer. We apologize for any confusion this may have caused. 

•••••••••• 

= FREE = 
• FROSTED • 
= MOCHA = 
• When Y'!u buroH • 
• at repJu pnce. • 
• 

E.,-- 0000...,. • 
....... -.., ...... 

• ••••••••• 
* Hrnwtftbt w.IiI'lFitust 

CIfIm-
* '* RMut 0.. c..tr-- SiM 

willi tIN PrIIIJnt 0dfH 
AwiJIII,& 

Cotta Verde Center 
I7HC lie-I ...... ' 
457-JAVA (5282) 
M-n .... u ... ' .... u .... 
.. 7:J1111t.12.w; ...... 11,. 

: CemvECms : 
I HAIR a NAD.S I 
: faIIM..,.. ... ' II ... : 
I 6780 ___ M'l08 I 
: IIehIIId c.r. ~ • ..., 10.7, 51&. 9-4 : 

t5.J(}:(};!JJlJ 

THE EARL Y BIRD GETS THE WORM 
Future .Y1.D.'s, here comes Spring! 

Time to start thinking about The Summer HCAT. The most popular (oune for th~ test in Southern Ulifornia 
(oun) wiI SIR out ~II, so daft't be wet" out in the cold. To gft you in the mood to ~an ahead, we 
humbly offer five reasons you should sip up NOW, insuad of procnstinatilg: 

I. We offer a $40 discount if you sign f up during Harch. and $20 off in April. 
Students haft asked lIS-"Hey, we 10ft your count, but we're poor college stUdents. How QJ\ you makf 
tiCAl prep cheaper?" Here's a way: Pay .A... your count tuition i. Ibrth, Hd we'l take S40 off 
the price ($20 off in April). AI you ,. " may know we alrtu, (ost less and offer much, 
much more than the nationals. 

1. (hoose your Senion Early. PROFESSIOm Sessions !til out! Hany stUdenu 
prefer earty mornings. < > late nights (after work) or midday 
sessioAs. Beause we only take 24 stUdtDU per 
session, "choice" sessions disappear quickly. Guarantee a 
spot in the time slot that woria best for you. 

1 Get your Materials Early. PREP COURSE- The ealier you art commined, the 
eartier you1 stan thinkiRg ahead V to Summer_ Tou an get the latest 
(constaady updated) edition of our "CAT Home Prep Pack IItgiani., "ay 1st 

4. The Summer '94 "CAT will be August 20th, no longer September 17th. 
8tcause of iaaused compttitioa, risitg tICAl KCIftS, aM a bias apiast sttnesttr students (who are bade .. 
school by late AuCUSt) the WK has ",.."" IIIOft4 up .... Su_r ItCAT dati to August 20th. Tou now 
haft OM !as lIOIIi to IIIIStIr tICAl matIriaI at .... 1m! you..... nAll EAlLY! 

S. One less thing to think about OYff Sprine Quarter, eh~ 



6 OPINION 

FILM: Market 
research determines 
plot and content 
ContInued from ..... 4 
en rely beavily 00 market raearch 
COIISUItanII, focus JIOUPI and PlY-
cbologisls todetermine COllie" guide 
production and dictate the fiDaI cut. 

FaJIIl Attraction is a prime ex-
ample. Originally the plot wu about 
a man who transgrases from his 
marriage and pays the penalty. The 
movie's message WII Ibat men need 
~o take responsibility for extramarital 
affairs and not a1w.ys throw it on the 
otherwoman. However, as we know, 
this isn't bow the movie turned out 
On the.dviccoflhe focusgroups, the 
movie pitted one woman against the 

odIer. lDltiaIIy, 0IeaD CIoee', dIIl-
acter wu IUJIPOUd 10 comml1 sui-
cide at tbe cod ci the movie. The 
focus JIOUPS fouDd IhiI aati-dlmac-
tic and wanted Cloee'l dwIdcr, 
Alex, to "ply more" (with DO men-
tion ofMidaacI DougIaa' c:bmcter), 
10 the plot wu changed 10 that Ibe ia 
killed by the wif.. Thia framed 
women's livea II alimple morality 
talc in which the JOOd mother wins 
and the independent woman is pun-
ished. The man, who started the af-
fair in the f1lSt place, completely dis-
appears from the scene. 

There are many examples where 
filmmakers do DOt adequately portray 
women. As Fuludi further points out, 
duringthe 198ni "fiImmakersbecame 
prcoccupied wilb tonitlg down inde-
pendent wOlDCn and drowning out 

The UCSD Cuard1aa 

tbeir wica Far 0 .......... iD {)t.w-
botud. Ooldie 1IawD'l c:IIInIcter, a 
ric:II city loudmouCb, pi ..... off a 
yacbtaDd ...... apcUofam-. A 
ruraJCUJ'CI*r.once ........... ..., 
reecuea ber aod reduc:IN bor to • 
aqueaky-voicedlwau.sJhru: 'lCeepyour 
mouth doIed,' ordon tbe carpeaIOr •.• 
and abe IeamI to lib it In the Good 
M." the wiIecnddn& bIbe who 
resists nwriIae aDd bears III iUeaitj-
male child wiDds up drowning in a 
lake. Her punishment parallels that ci 
the film's heroine, Anna.. repreaed 
siDsIe mother wbo dares to explore 
her sexuality -aDd II • re:auJt, must 
sacrifice her six-year-old daughter." 

The only times women are pre-
sented in assertive positions is when 
they are protecting their families, like 
in Tender Mm:ies and MOOtISIrIIcIr. 

Tbanda,. April 7. 19M 

We rarely 100 womea podrayed • womea 00 aDd off ecreea, it'l DOl 
......... it ia. penoaaIity trait 1llrJll'iliDl1bat1ldt.IUCbaMlIII8de 
or for penoDII .aa.. Yee we .. over 77w PipIIo tbia year. It ... un-
JDeIl • ~w proII&ooiIII all the UIUII!bat. WOIDIIl wu giwn the 
timc-coaaiderDtutt:aMlitl& W~ c:bancc aDd the money to direct. film 
IUsiltg SM and any of the Rockys. about women. l1w PiIuto illelf ia DOl 
When we do 100 WOIIICII with atroaa theepitomeoffeminillm,b\ltitmakes 
willa, it ia bocauIe they are psyebo- an alIempt to portray wOlDCn in • 
patha,auc:b_in77wHCllldtllCltRod:.t IICroo& complex manner. Unlike the 
the C1'tltlk, Sillgle Mile FmIIIIe and movies I mentioaed, it does not abow 
ofcourseFIIIlIIAttrGctiota. Men aim- WOOICIl_tJat,one-dimensioaaIchar-
ply aren't portrayed this way to the ICfeII.lnatead,itportrayswomenwith 
extent that women are. Wbenmengo ..... of emotiooI - happioeas, 
011 homicidaJ ram~ such _ in sorrow, .. 1l1li-and with a wide 
eitberofthe 17te TmrtiNJIonor FaU- varietyofmeans toexprelltbele feel-
ing Dowrt, it is in the name of the inp. Movies lib 77w PitMto that go . 
"American w.y" orin dcfense of the against the media's and society's 
character's booor. Wben women do . trends are far and few between. The 
it, it's because they are jca1ous, sex- onlywaythiswilleverchangeisifwe 
crazed maniacs demand - wilb our waJlets and our 

Wilb this negative treatment of voices - !bat it baa to. 

WOOD-FIRED 
CALIFORNIA 
P I Z Z A 

OASIS SUMMER PROGRAMS '94 
SUMMER JOB OPENINGS 

,UA1I.AlLE POsmQNS 
Math or Sdeace FlldUtaton (SS.73-10.49Jhr) 

DIICUIIloaIWrttIaa FadIIt8ton (SS.73-10.491hr) 

CONTACT 
TrangVu 
534-1469(GH lOS8) 
Rhonda Lee McCoy 
534-2284 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee (across from trrc) 

458·9525 

APPLY NOW! 
LOOKING for INTERNSHIPS for SUMMER, 1994 

or FALL, 1994? We have over 300 internships in 
San Diego area that you might be interested in. 

Some of the popular internships are Parent Parent-
hood, General Physics Corp, and Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. Attend our General Info NIGHT and find 

out how you can obtain an internship. 

GENERAL INFO 
NIGHT 

APRIL 12, 1994 
6:00-7 :OOpm 

San FranciscolSanta Cruz Room 

APPLICATION DEADLINES: 

Frida~ApriI22nd, 1994 
for Summer, Fall Internships of 1994 

If we don't have an internship you are interested in, 
we wiJI help you develop one. Just fill out an Spe-
cial Request form and let us know yow interestes 
and type of internship you are looking for. 
Office Location: PRICE CENTER, 2nd fl~r or call 
us at 534-4689. 

('Old' Student Calter, Rm 214) 
RaldeaUal AM/Peer CoaIIIeIon (SS.47Jhr) Ferdi Ecija 
(Rcfeml from Career Services required, Job 19020(7) 534-3284 

(Marshall Commons 102) 
• AppIkfIIioll DEADUNE: AlA Y 13,1994 1114:30 P'" til du ~ IbtMl ojJka. 
THE FOUOWING POSrilONS ARE FOR GRADUATE S'IlJDENTS ONLY 
(S14.79Jhr; rcfeml from Career Services required, Job 11'5 are listed below): 
CoIltemponry lima Lecturen (Job 1'9(1796) Joanne Ashwell 

534-3760 (GH lOS8) 
Math IDItnIcton (Job 1'901 n9) Trang Vu 

534-1469 (GH lOS8) 
• App/klllitHl DEADLINE: APRIL 1S, 1994 til 4:30 pm til GH 1058. 

THE HELEN EDISON LECTURE SERIES· " 
presents a FREE public lecture 

"Imperial Corporations and the New World Order" 

Richard Barnet 
historian, foreign policy 
analyst, and social critic 

Thuniday, April 7. 1994 
7:00 p.m. 
Robinson Auditorium 
Graduate School of 'International 
Relations and Pacific Studies 

. R~chard ~met is a founder of the Institute for Policy 
Studies In Washington, D.C. and is currently a Distinguished 
Fellow of the Institute. He is the author of numerous books 
including: The Rocket's Red Glare, Roots of Wa" and the 

bestsell~r Global Reach. His latest book, published in February 
of 1994 IS Global Dreams - Imperial Corporations and the New 
World Order. 
. .Barnet's ~e will describe how a few hundred compa-

nies With worldwide connections dominate the four intersecting 
webs of global convnercial activity that make up the new world 
economy: the global cultural bazaar, the global shopping mall, 
the global worI<place and the global financial network. The 

~mphasis will be on the extraordinary changes in the organiza-
tion of the world 8CXHlOmy that have taken place since the 1970's 
and their political and social disillusion that poses a variety of 
threats to traditional communities and social structures all over 
th.e world. The fundamental political conflict of the 21st century 
will be a struggle between the forces of globalization and territo-
rially based local forces seeking Slnival through the renewal 
and redefinition of community. 

For more information call534-34OQ 

, . 

Th ....... y,Aprll7.19M 

STARTS FRlDAY APRIL 8th 
AT A THEATER NEAR YOU! 

STUDENrr TI~AVEL 
1-800-777-0112 Sf/j 

sTA7RAVEL 

..... ER IE_ONS '94 
UNIVERSITY OF CALI~ . 

$~~ . 

A Note from 

. June 20 - July 29 
MAIN SESSION 

UCSB Summer Sessions: 

Swruner Sessions at UCSB offers an enriching academic 
and cultural experience. It is an ideal setting for making new 
friends and taking challenging and intriguing courses. The 
classes are smaller, and the campus less crowded. 

Students fees have been kept down again this summer. 
Total fees for the following loads are: 4 units - 5314, 8 units -
$530, 12 units - $746. The application fee is separate. We are 
offering over 300 undergraduate and gntduate level courses in 
all disciplines. 

June 20· August 26 (8; 9.10 week courses) 
Mathematica10S A·B (Intro. to Linear Algebra) 

• Completion of all courses in the following areas constitutes 
the first fuU year of study: . 

Chemiltry • Organic Chemistry 8A-B-C '> 
Foreisn LanpaSes: ) 

Chinelel,2,3 
Frenc:h 1,2,3 
Cennan 1,2,3 

Italian 1,2,3 
Russian 1,2,3 
5paniIh 1SS,2SS,3SS 

UCABr 
Goodman refutes 
A.S. charges 

. CoIdInued from ,... 1 
lOCiated Student government" 
h.d taken so long to make its 
appointment. 

Goodman continued, refuting 
A.S. charges that he had not acted 
'as a "key liaison" of the Univer-
sity Centers by dealing mostly with 
"minor items," had failed to in-
form representatives of their du-
ties and had missed important 
mandatory meetings, all charter-
granted responsibilities of the 
chair. 

Goodman listed several is-
sues he had addressed over 
Winter Quarter and the board's 
accomplishments during Fall 
Quarter. 

However, Hearn said the 
charges had not been adequ.tely 
addressed in the memorandum 
and that Goodman had taken 
credit for the work of University 
Centers Director Jim Carruthers. 
"Essenti.lly, these accompli&h-
menta .re not the jobs of .n ef-
fective chair, they're accom-

plilbmeDta of .n effective direc-
tor," Hearn said. 

"Basically, A.ron Goodm.n 
was there when the charter was 
created and r.tified. So there is 
absolute I y no reaIOn why he should 
not follow that charter. He has 
violated the charter. He's not re-
futed the allegations and in fact his 
letter has illustrated his lack of 
desire to cooperate with the AS. 
or to represent students," Hearn 
added. 

The AS. had also alleged that 
outside of the UCAB, Goodman 
had made threats to evict both the 
AS. and Graduate Student AssoJ 
ciation from their offices. 
Goodm.an responded to the charge 
by speculating that the allegations . 
were based on statements "taken 
way out of context." 

Hearn asked how Goodman can 
"bea key liaison when he's attack-
ing the undergraduate student gov-
ernment of UCSD. I really hope 
the board votes responsibly oh 
this." 

The motion to remove 
Goodman WII entered into the 
Much 31 agenda, and a final deci-
sion is likely to be made by the 
board this Friday. 

You wart to make S1I'e yourJE.ject looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be working on it wtil 

the minute it's due, it's agoOO thing we neverllUn in . 

I(~ 

La JolI~ 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-]775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamel Avenue 
48]·1852 

St.:a~b;";Yi 
I Shortcake I 
: Sundae : 
:$199 ........ : 
I veltd_fl'fj_I111Ir~='= I I ...... only. One per ~. Expirn 4/ 30/94. I 
1-:---------11 I Medium Frozen I 
: Yogurt· : ISSC I 
: .... ".1111 : 

I Salt -... "",. Toppnp.... I 
I 

Not ..... _fl'fj_ ..... Onepor~. I 
e,..... 4130/94. 

r---------:--, ! Flurry! 
1$199 1 
, ...... 10 1 
•... 0....-.......... "",_,."I, 1lM,.. ...... ~~. 

________ .1 

NEWS 7 

ELECTION: 
Falk still allowed 
campaign signs 
Continued from pee. 3 
was not officially a student. 

"Last year I was on Ihe ' cor-
rect' side," Winter said. 

Winter said that during the hear-
ing he had tried to point out that 
there had been no intent to commit 
any of the infractions. 

The board's final decision 
found Falk guilty of all charges. 
She was told that she would not be 
allowed to campaign by handing 
out flyers after 5 p.m., Tuesday. 
However, she said that she was 
still allowed to keep campaign 
signs up and to speak with stu-
dents about her campaign. 

Writers' 
Meeting 

Tbia Monday, 5 p.m. 
Meel yoUI' Dew overlordal 

edilo". 
New wrilen ·weleome. 

INDOOR ROCK CLIMBING 
IT'S NOT JUST ANOTHER GYM 

-IT'S AN 
ADVENTURE! 

SOUTHERN 

LARGEST 

. ROCK 
CLIMBING 

GYM . 
OVER 10,000 

SQ. FEET OF 
CLIMBING 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
v' 10,.... ..... , ... 11 I 

. You SCM 20% .. 

1M' ...... 
... 

• 



• 

8 NEWS 

THE RESULTS ARE IN! 
THE PRINCETON REVIEW 

The nation's leader in test preparation 
has just received the results of the 1993 

Big Six accounting firm study of our score Improvements I 

Tnt Score Avg. Score Approx" 
Type Range IncnNI .. Improvement 
LSAT 120-180 7.5 points 33% 
MCAT 3-45 6 points 31% 
GRE 600-2400 214 points 20% 
GMAT 200-800 72 points 25% 

GUARANTEED SATISFACTION' GREAT TEACHERS' SMALL CLASSES' FREE EXTRA HELP 

TO IMPROVE YOUR SCORE CALL IOWI 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

POLICE: Board 
would also appraise 
campus security 
Continued from ..... 1 
voice on security matters as well 
as on key issues relating to police 
procedures. 

"Although recent conflicts have 
brought cri ticism against the 
UCSD police, Winter said he be-
lieves that "when a person really 
applies (him or herself) and really 
goes in there, they'll fmd that a lot 
of ideas they had about the cam-
pus Police Department are un-
founded and unwarranted." 

Thunda,. April 7. 1994 

Accardins 10 tho proposal, the partment aad recoinmendcbangea 
board would also appraise secu- if deemed neceuary . 
rity matters, such as campus safety The proposed board's nine vot-
by conducting annual surveys as- ing members would include a rep-
sessing the adequacy of campus resentative from each college, &p-
lighting. pointees from the AsIoc:iated Stu-

The board would review secu- dents, Graduate Student Associa-
rity policy for campus events and tion, and a staff representative. 
act as a facilitator if disputes were Representatives from the Po-
raised between campus event or- lice Department and the univer-
ganizers and the police. sity administration would serve as 

"'Ibere'salotoftroubleinhold- the board's two ex-officio mem-
ing events just because of some of bers. 
the police '. ideas of when, where, Winter said that the proposal'. 
bow, and why you can hold an authors "wanted it to be some-
event, " Winter said. thiDa that would promote ideas of 

The board would also review " the Police Department as well as 
general policies of the Police De- promoting ideas of the students." 

Become the next Guardian 

~cr:u~: 558-0500 Associate News Editor 
• Experience 

c..1I8rt ...... .-1 .. tilts • Money 
• Lovin' LSAT: May 7th • GMAT: May 14th • GRE: ApriI23rd. MCAT: June 18th 

LSAT • MeAT • GMAT • GRE 
Tum in application to Eric Schmidt, The UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Dr. 0316, U JoU .. CA 92093-0316. 
Or tum it in to our offices above the General Store Co-op in the Old Student CenterCall 534-6580 for info. 

•••••••••• 
• Yw.ow BlICK ROAD • 
• Family Amusement Centers • 

!4FREE! 
: GAME: 
: TOKENS: 
: ON perC1lllom« perday. "",. S1311H. : 

• in the Food Court ., • 

• UTe • 
•••••••••• 

Paris 
$175* 

Athens ..... _ .......... $435 
Barcelona •...••.•.•. $3 19 
Amsterdam ........ $180 
Tokyo ...••.••••..•...•• $260 
London ............... $255 

' A11 fllcs II' tach WII'( "bMca on " roundtrip 
ptKchasr:. TaKes not Incl~d . Somt restric· 
lioM apply. Slucknl ,t~tus 1M'! be r<Q\Jtf,d. 
................ ."." 

Council Travel 
UCSO Ptic~ Calta (by the Post Offic~) 

Opal 1iIDn., lUll., 11m., Ft\. .. 5 Wed., 1~5 

o lord, open my lips arfll my 
tfIOUIb sbaIJ show fortb Your prrn.. 

· ...... ,,:IJ 

UCSD CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES PRESENTS 

Beethoven: Trio in G Major, Op.l, No.2 
Arensky: Trio in 0 Minor, Op.32 

Mendelssohn: Trio ( Minor, Op.66, No.2 
THIS SUNDAY • APRIL 1 0 • 8PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $18 • UCSD ST. $1 Oadv. 

SPECIAL: UCSD St. $5 at-fhe-door 
UCSD Box OFFICE e 534-6467 

Cho_3111lfts 
IIch ... k 

M-Th 6-9:30 pm 
Fri. 4-7 pm 

Sat. 11-2 or 2:30-5:30 
Sun. 2-5 or 5:30-8:30 

Located near Fifth College and new Visual Arts buildings, above Outback Adventures (MAC711) 
Come apply or call 535-1433 for more information 

I 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ~ R T •• E N T E R T A I N MEN TAP R I L 7, 1 994 

INTHE . 

nE1U~ 
ROC K 

• In the first week of its re-
lease, SouncIprden's album 
SuperunJcnown sold more than 
160,000 copies. The band is 
currentl yon tour in Europe, but 
will return to the states in April 
to appear on the "Rocltline" 
national radio program April 
25. The band will also play a 
concert that will be broadcast 
on alternative radio stations on 
April 26. A U.S. tour will begin 
in May. 

LO CAL 

• The lineup for the 13th sea-
son of ...... mphrey'. C0n-
certs by the Bay" has just 
been announced. Los Lobos 
will kick off the concert series 
with performances scheduled 
for June 2 and 3. Acts such as 
Ray Charles (June 7-8), the 
Robert Cray Band (June 9-10), 
the Neville Brothers (July 14) 
and Hiroshima (July 29) have 
played at Humphrey's in the 
past. Acts making their first 
appearance this year include: 
Firesign Theatre (July to), 
JamesBrown(Julyll.12),Art I 
Garfunkel (July 31) and I· 
Emerson, Lake and Palmer I 
(Aug. 16). The series will also I 
include appearances by a num-
ber of comedians. Paula 
Poundstone (July 15). Dennis 
Miller (Aug. 19), George Carlin 
(Aug. 26), Eric Bogosian (Sept. 
16) and Howie Mandel (Sept. 
25) will all give stand-up rou-
tines. Tickets for all concerts 
go on sale Saturday at 10 8.m . 
Info: 523-1010. 

TI[K[T~ 
• The Glasgow-based alterna-
tive band Eupa .... will play 
at the Casbah on Sunday, April 
17 at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $7 
and go on sale today at 3 p.m. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

• Tickets go on sale today at 3 
p.m. for ..... M ...... The 
band will plaY at the Casbah on 
Friday: May 13 a~ 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $9.91. Info: 220-
llXS. 

• Tickets go on sale Saturday 
at noon for Lenny KrewItz. 
He will play at the Sports Arena 
with the Lemoahead. on 
Wedaesday, May 11 at 7 p.m. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

You wouldn't know It, 
but these Au"" men 
h.ve .n expen.ive 
w.rdrobe. 

§l~Al~AN 

A s an Australian who has lived in the United States for three months, I have 
seen the type of Australian cul-
ture Americans embrace: Fos-
ters Lager, cuddly koala bears 
and even the eucalyptus. I didn't 
expect to find a bunch of Aus-
tralian men advertising them-
selves as "Manpower Austra-
lia, the most successful interna-
tional male revue in the world." 

The group's biography boasts, 
"In celebration of fine male 
form, six of Australia's hottest 
tapering torsos will raise the 
roof with their energetically 
choreographed dance and acro-
batic routines." , 

Manpower Australia began as 
a four-man act in Surfers Para-
dise, a lively tourist area in 

Meaty 
male 

strippers 
are not aU 
brawn-

they're 
'in~eUigent 
andweU-
spoken' 

By ANNETTE 
LOUDON 

STAFF WRITER 

Queensland. These days they 
describe themselves as six ex-
pert dancers and acrobatic gym-
nasts who are "also well-spo-
ken and intelligent." I called a 
member of the group, Billy 
Cross, to find out how this hap-
pened. 

To me, Australia seems like 
an unusual place for a group of 
men to suddenly take an inter-
est in their bodies, then put to-
gether 'a cabaret to snow them 
off. 

"Well we started off in a small 
club in Surfers," Cross said. 
"There were four of us, then we 
met two guys from Sydney and 
all became good friends. The 
show went from .local to na-
tional, and now we've traveled 

See MAN, page H6 



HIATUS 2 

--.. -[.I, ...... u DON'T MISS THE iHqND'-R' I ~ 
Appearing 

UVE 
APRIL 10. 

11,18, 
24, 25 at 

~ 
COYOTE'S LIVE 8022 Clalremont Mesa Blvd· Hotline 279 -L1VE 

TIle UCSD C-rdiu Th ..... ,. April? 19M 

FI L M .. '. 

The Hudsucker Proxy 
Coen brothers 'film ventures into mainstream 

By R .... BrucIuIer 
st.tr WI1ter 

TM Hwbucker' Proxy is a new 
film by brothers Joel and Ethan 
CoeD - those wacky guys who 
gave us BloodSimple, RaisingAri-
ZOM, MiUer's Crouing and, most 
fC(!Cntly,BartonFink. Unlike tbCir 
previous work, this film runs into 
the realm of the mainstream. It is 
an enormous production, with big 
stars and huge, elaborate sets. The 
key word here is big. 

We are talking about a fast-
paced 19505 American success 
story that takes place in New York 
and shines with the stylish, ener-
getic and occasionally hilarious 
glow for which the Coens are fa-
mous. All in all, their charm is lost 
in the wake of Hudsucker Proxy's 
elaborate seta, blown-up charJIC-
ters and exaggerated camera angles 
and movem~ts. 

Essentially, the Coen brothers 
shoot themselves in the foot by 
inflating their IISual strategy into 
larger proportions. Their style is 
more suited to small, feverishly 
active films than this traditional 
love-in-tbe-big-city story. 

Norville Barnes (Tim Robbins) 
is a naive college graduate from 
Muncie, IN, who comes to New 
York City to make it big in the 
business world, only to become the 

f.:*:,;!:-:" 

i;,\} 

pawn of the shrewd Sidney J. Robbins and Newman deliver 
MUllburaer (Paul ·Newman). clecent performances, and, believe 
MuaabUlJCl' is the right-band man me, the Cocn brothers demand 
of recently-departed Waring bardcore perfomtllncn from their 
Hudaucker, founder and president actors. Robbins takes on the stunted 
of Hudsucker Industries, 'and he speed of Norville 8ames quite well, 
uses 8amea in his money-maltina . althoup his attempt at cuteness is 
plot. a bit annoy ina. Newman smokes a 

Muasburaer's aemes eventu- good cigar, and that's all that really 
ally attract the attention of fast- matters for his role. 
talking Amy Archer (Jennifer Ja- Leigh, however, is a 4isappoint-
son Leigh), a Pulitzer Prize-win- ment. She succeeds in delivering 
ningnewspaperreporterwhowants her high-speed lines, but she con-
to expose the dubious goings on at stantly trips over her words. She 
Hudsucker Industries. simply can't pull off the Barbara 

The plot revolves around Stanwick-like character that the 
Mussburger's plan to weaken the Coens have created. 
company's stock so that he and the The film '5 primary fault is that 
board of directors can profit. Their the Coens' references to old mov-
strategy is to put a total buffoon ies, their gigantic sets and cheesy 
into the position of President, so love story are all forced. Far too 
the stockholders will run for cover. few real surprises materialize be-
And it works - the city is shocked cause everything is masterfuUy pre-
when Barnes, a nobody, is myste- sented; that is, every shot, every 
riously promoted from mail room action and every line of dialogue is 
lackey to president of the com- a big, beautiful thing, and when 
pany. you put them aU together they c;:lash, 

Archer, however, suspects foul cancelling one another. out. 
play, so she goes undercover to Nevertheless, I recommend see-
break the story and eventually be- ing the movie, even though it 
friends Norville. They fall in love, doesn't quite match up to the vig-
Norville forces Hudsucker's stock orously funny Raising Arizona or 
to skyrocket higher than ever by the slow stickiness of Barton Fink. 
inventing the hula hoop, The Hudsucter Proxy is show-
Mussburger is foiled and the rest is ing at the Hillcrest Cinemas. Call 
history. 299-2100 for more information. 

SOUL 

UCSan Diego 
Price Center Plaza 
Tuesday, April 12 

10:45 am to 1:15 pm 

_ The event will focus on 
physical, psychological and 
spiritual weD-being, offering 
information, fitness activities, 

and health screening. For more 
information caD 534-1824 . 

• 

~;r.-, ." 
-, \ 
. ,-'-

-- ' -, 

J" ... . 

. ~ 

Thunda" "Pru?, 'I9M 

'I H ! \ \\ fJ K 
.. 

todaJ 
T ........ an intelligent and 
wiuy'Westemstarrina Kurt Ruuell 
and Val Kilmer, shows at 6:30, 9 
and 11:30 p.m. in the Price' Center 
Theatre. Ticketa are $ 1 in advance. 
Info: 534-6467. 

The a..t F .......... a perennial 
favorite local b_ will play with 
Robert V.an a the Dud 
River AnpIe at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach at 8:30 
p.m. Tickets are $9.50. Info: 481-
9022. 

friday 
Blaclcmarket Flowe,. will 
play alternative rock with M0r-
phine .... at Dream Street in 
Pacific Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $6. Info: 222-81~1. 

NMhe T~isaprogram 
featuring local artists at the Porter 
Randall Gallery in downtown La 
Jolla. Poets Leng Loh, Jen Hurley, 
Derrick Maddox and David Atin 
will read and Raul Gonzales will 
play saxophone at 7 p.m. to. start 
the series. Admission is free. Info: 
551-8884. 

AND 
i 

......... oUr will play al-
temative mllSicwith Only UvIn8 
........ at Chcc:kers downtown 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $8 in advance, 
$10 at the door. Info: 544-7000. 

Dee EFX, Black Moon and 
TwIce _ NIce will play rap at 
SDSU'. Montezuma Hall at 7:30 
p.m. 'I\c:ketsare $18.50 in advance, 
$20 at the door. Info: 22O-TJXS. 

Spaniahsiqer ..... 110M will 
perform at the Sports Arena at 8 
p.m. Info: 220-TIXS. 

Six San Diego artists will perform 
a program called MSynaptic De-
..,: An Exploration of Voice 
..... Mov .......... at8 p.m. in the 
Isaacs, McCaleb and Dancers Stu-
dio. This show repeats on Saturday 
at the same time. Tickets range 
from $6 to $8. Info: 296-9523. 

Kitty P....,.. will direct a work-
shop velJion of composer John 
Cage's "Europeras 3 '" 4" at8 p.m. 
in Erickson Hall. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-5404. 

sunday 
The Beaux Arts Trio will 
present a piano program in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $10. Info: 
534-4090. 

The UCSD Guardia. 

-. 

tuesday 
CaI-~ .. ewillpreaent""'" 
11dr0ltu 1U5, Moldiver 112 and 
KiJci'sIHliveryServiceaI7:30p.m. 
in York 2722. Info: 587-4890. 

QuIMon MonorrteI, a duet 
dance company from Mexico City 
which uses music by Peter Gabriel, 
David Bowie and the B-52's, will 
perform at 8 p.m. in the Isaacs, 
McCaleb & Dancers studio. Tick-
ets arc $8 for students. Info: 296-
9523. 

The International Style San Diego 
Film Festival will prescnt the film 
O",.da ... CoIIJdItw at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Director John Ryman will make an 
appearance. Student tickets are $4. 
Info: 534-6467. 

n.. W.r( the film based on Pink 
Floyd's classic rock album, shows 
at 8 and 10:30 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theatre. Tickets are $1 in 
advance. Info:534~7. 

wednesday 
Michael York will present a one-
man show entitled "Rogues and 
Vagabonds: An Entertainment 
about Actors" in Mandeville Audi-
torium at 8 p.m. ,Tickets for stu-

dents are $1'2. Info: 534-4090. 

Bluesmusician ...... ............ 
will play with Duke Roll .. .... 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $8. 
Info: 481-9022. 

T /I f' ;\ 'j H L 
Dlverelona.., Playho.ee: 
"nooses, knives '" lovers" runs 
through April 9. Performances are 
at 8 p.m. Thursday through Satur-
day. Ticltetaare $10 and $12. Info: 
574-1060. 

NorthCoaetR ........ y: "Isn't 
It Romantic?" runs through April 
10. Performances are Thursday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and at 2 
and 7 p.m.Dn Sunday. Tickets range 
from $14 to $ 16. Student discounts 
are available. Info: 481-1055. 

San DIeso Repertory: Josefina 
Lopez' "Real Women Have 
Curves" will run through April 24 
in the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. The play depicts the 
lives of five immigrant Mexican 
women working in a sewing fac-
tory. Performances are Tuesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Info: 235-
8025. 

Lamb'. Play .... Theatre: The 
musical "Boomers" runs through 
April 10. Performances are 
Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30 
p.m., Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 p.m. in the Hahn-
Cosmopolitan Theatre downtown. 
Tickets range from $18 to $23. 
Info: 474-4542. 

HIA'M.JS 3 

M ......... of ....... 1IPhIc 
Arts: "Souvenirs from Japan: 
Japaaese Photography at the Tum 
of the Century" will be on display 
through May 22. The exhibit in-
chides 113 hand-colorcd pboto-
graphs taken from the collection of 
a German engineer. Gallery hours 
are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Sunday. Info: 234-1001. 

Porter Randall Callery: 
Works by Flavia Gilmore and 
Robert Hale will be on display 
through April 15. Gallery hours 
are Tuesday through Friday from 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m., noon to 5 p.m. 
Saturday Admission is free . Info: 
551-8884. 

Trios Gallery: New weavings 
by Bill Rafnel and jewelry by Geri 
Scalone will be on display through 
April 30 in this Solana Beach gal-
lery. Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 6 
p.m. Tuesday through Friday and 
11 a.m . to 5 p.m. Saturday and 
Sunday. Admission is free. Info: 
793-6040. 

Mandeville Gallery: "Carol 
Jacque: Recent Work" will be on 
display Saturday through May 8. 
Jacque is a sculptor who lives in 
Miama Beach, FL, and her work 
has been influenced by her contact 
with the elderly population there. 
There will be an opening reception 
Friday from 6 to 8 p.m. Gallery 
hours are Tuesday through Sunday 
from noon to 5 p.m. Admission is . 
free . Info: 534·2864. 

The premiere 
performance of 

a new "Witty, 
wonderful and 

enormously 
entertaining" 

one-man show: 

'~ superb, blood-racing exhibition of 
taiko drumming." s. F. Chronicle 

"UI~S& 

April 13 
Wednesda~ e 8pm 

Mandev,iII~ Aud. 

APRIL 14 • THURSDAY • 8PM • UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $16 • ST. $12 • SR.CIT. $14 Ucso Box OFFICE· 534-6467 

~ 



I , 

HIATIJS 4 The UCSD Guardian Thunda),. Appl7.19M 

WOMEN AND 
INVESTING 

IN THE 90 's 
APRIL I. 

12 TO 1 :30 Pili 
DAVIS/RIVERSIDE ROOM 

PRICE CENTER 

MUS Ie 

JAN AIIATO, CUrtf ... nllA/IC'''' I'lANNU 
ALI SHETULA , R.~IST"IEO A ...... UTATt •• 

TOPIC: 
LOOKING OUT FOR 

Nu"' •• 1t ON.: ' 
TAKING CHARGE OF' 

YOUR FINANC •• 
SPONSORED BY WOMEN'S CAUCUS 

RSVP: YVONNE REID' HAIRSTON 

99=-
IY APRIL 15, 199. 
534-128. 

fl/l I! .... /J \) 

$1 COLLEGE BEER. NIGHT COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGID 
• All Pizzas AIl.tO-oz. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
Remem~ $1 beers are nol the_. 

• All 48-oz. pitchers 
(after 1 pm) $5 each i 

4475 MiSBi.,n 
.. Comer ofMislioD • Gamet fa SNCoIltSquare 

274· 

Here We Go Again 
Spring break is over, but let the pizza breaks begin! Domino's 
Pizza® is just down the road, ready to deliver made-to-order 

pizzas and subs while you're busy hitting the books. 

CALL US! 
452-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Houn: 
11 am-l am Sun.~Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCHI 

2 MEDIUM 2 LARGE 
2-TOPPING PIzzAS: l·ToPPING PIzZAS: 

I FOR ONLY $1299 I &Az:ra~ $1699 I 
I JUST AsK SPEClAL "..Ia I DmCOlE'" RlIONLY ,.,..Ia I I CALL US! 0-1 III CALL US! 0-1 I 
I . I 452-UCSD I 

___ ..,_ I eoo..n--.--- I 
- .......... ·.1 .. - ............ 
_________ ilA _________ _ 

~_...-.-.. __ d.-..,---. 
U.e our Plus Cardl 

Urban Wood 
Urban Wood 
..... PrcI ductlone 

Urban Wood is guitarists and UCSD grads 
. William Herkelrath and David Snow, a cof-

feehouse duo which wrote and played all 27 
minutes of music on this debut CD. The 
playing is tight, and Herkelrath and Snow's 
individual voices are pleasing. They have a 
rich, folky timbre of yearning. 

The lyrics are those of young collegians: 
Ii terate sagas of self-contemplation and calls 
for better communication with significant 
others. Several songs, though, juxtapose 
straightforward pleas with more interesting 
metaphors. The best song, "People," stans 
out asking for the usual better world, then 

describes walls of ideas crumbling from a 
great divide. "Winter" is the strongest in-
strumentally, and the harmonica that weaves 
through "Speak to Me" displays a fuller 
Urban Wood sound. The tunes even bring to 
mind some pretty fair songwriters. 
"Stephanie" smacks of Paul Simon-like anxi-
ety, and "Haunted Conversations" could be 
a Crosby-Nash outtake. 

The songwriting of Urban Wood shows 
great potential and sets the duo apart from 
most ofthefolkies on the java circuit. Wait'll 
these guys attain more experience! 

-MlceM..tInez 

INTRODUCES 

T E 
MANAGEMENT 

With a huge variety of college-town services like 
Kinkos, Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo 
and Sav-On Drugs, to entertainment and fun from 
places like TGIFriday's, Blockbuster Video and 
Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village Center has got 
you covered. So whether you're cramming for time 
or just need a study break, stop on by. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get tt. Got tt. Good. 

Thunda" April 7, 19M The UCSD Guardian HIATIJS H5 

British -actor Peter Dennis in his award-winning 

.n ench.nted evenln, IIf ",din,. ffllm 
A. A. Mil.,'. clll'lc: 

THE COMPLETE WORKS 
OF WiNNIE-THE-PDOH 

APRIL 1& 
SIIUROAY • IPM 

Ucso MINDEVIW AUD. 
8.1. Slz • It $I 

SIlClt S11 
UCSI 

IUIFFICE 
534 1487 

C.llf.r.l. HI.p •• lo-A •• rle •• 
Motllo.1 A •• oel.tlon (CHAMA) 

C.lo.no/L.tl.o Motlle.1 Stutl ... t 
A ••• el.tlo. (CMSA) 

a 
s •• Dlo,o Cou.ty Motlleal Soel.ty 

Wo ••• I. Modlol.o Co •• Itt •• 

pr •••• t 

THE SECOND 
ANNuAL 
WOMEN 
MEDICAL 
STUDENTS 
LEADERSHIP 
WORKSHOP 

UCID lellool of Medici •• 

I .... lel •• e. lulklln, 

..".. Audltorl •• 

Room 1101 

I.tunl.r, April " 11 •• 

1:30 .... 3:30 p • 

Ip. II etlilr. UCSD School of Medicine ... Special Admissions Program. 
UCSD School of Medicne ... Hispanic Center of Excellen<;e 
Program, UCSD School of Medicine ... Srudent Affairs Office, 
San Di. CoWlty Medical Soc:iety ... Sharp's Health Care 
Systems ... Upjohn Phannaceuticals ... and CHAMA 

"/ discuvrnd IlIlways have choices tmd sometimes it's II choice of attittuk." 
Judith M. Knowlton 

RIL EVENTS 

A Letterpress Demostration by the Coffee House Press 
12:00 -MONDAY, APRIL 11TH 

The Reduced Shakespeare Co. a performance from 
and signing of 

The Complete Works oj Wllm Shkspr (abridged) 
12:00- FRIDAY, APRIL 8 

.............................................. ~ .............. . 

12:00 Friday, April 15 
12:00 Monday, April 25 
12:00 Tuesday, April 26 

12:00 Thursday, April 28 

Latin American poets : Flight of the Eagle 
Luis Urrea : In Search of Snow 
Hugh Crumpler: Desert WUdflowers 
John Casti : Complexification 

LJCSD 
OOOKSTOrlE 

AT THE UCSD BOOKSTORE 534 - REA.D 



1 

I 
I 
:0 
!;j 

• ... . 
Ii ) 
t 

-... 

--

I 

" 

I 

} 

I , 

". 

• !~ :. '.. '. 
. . '. 

. ' -

-. 

. 
• J 

" 

UNlVERSnY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

Attoss from Mam Theater ....... 20 
DEL MAllIIIGIILANOS 

Ne.ll0 Whefehouse 712 .. 131 
CLAJRlMONT SQUARE 
Ne.llo Vons 21~2600 

OPEN'" DAYS 

--

--

,JII" 1lIIY ___ Ii. _1alItl·".· : 
.j 

. .' 

TIa.......,.April7.19M 

MAN: Dancer offers 
advice to young men 
C.nll ............. 111 
lix countriea. Menpower Austra-
lia ha toured exteaaively ttuouah 
the United Statea. CanIda and New 
Zealand. and we jUit recently como. 
pleted a tour encompusing the 
Asian region, the United Kins-
dom, and Europe." 

Cross said he gets the best re-
sponse in his homeland. 
"Australia's always the best, but 
AmeriCIIDI love Australians, 50 
America is pretty JOOd too," Cross 
said. "Ill Jepan and England it's. 
kind 01 low-key - they just tend 
to walch, but Amerk:anl are quite, 
well. .. forward." 

I had 10 att in lOme more prob-
ins queatiOlll before I let the sus-
pect off the pboDe, 10 I ultod if he 
received lUIly proposals. Reveal-
iDa no lip()f IlUjlidity or inflated 
ego, Crou just Jiuled and pro-
ceeded in a sly fasbion to avoid the 

queslion.Hesaidtba~comingfrom 
Australia, wbere DObody. tips any-
one for anytJUna, their show has 
evolved 10 be more like a cabaret. 

Manpower Australia boasts a 
wardrobe eatimated at over 
W,OOO. That lOunded to me like 
an awful 101 of clothes for the kind 
of show that traditionally involves 
.. whole heap of strutting around in 
a bikini brief. 

Intent on digging up lOme dirt 
on theee guys, I asked Cross what 
hi' sexicat costume looked like. 
He laughed and explained the 
whole COIlCCptof one of the IfOUP'. 
showi, "World Fantasy." The per-
formance, whicb iDcludes both 
poop and 1010 dance and acr0-
batic routines, 'draWl inspiratibn 
from cultures around the globe. 
Croll mentioned Runian and 
Spanish acrobatica and aomething 
about him dressing up as Julius 
Caesar. 

I made sure to ask for some 
career tips for those boys out there 
who ssp ire to Manpower's 
lifestyle. 

"First of all you have to gradu-
ate ... When you've finislled your 
dep, hit the' gym, take some 
dance classes," Cross advised. 
"Probably most importantly, you 
have to have a good personality. 
There's no room for egos .. You 
need 10 be down 10 earth." 

So now you know whst it takes 
to become a dancer in a world-
famous male review. And why 
would anyone waht to dO that? 
Perhaps the door charge for their 
show at Coyote 's provides incen-
tive - $20 with a two-drink mini-
mum. There is money in the enter-
tainment business, and Manpower 
Australia gets some classy gigs. 

Manpower Australia will be in 
town for several performances, but 
I explained to Cross that UCSD 
students are all hard-working in-
dividuals unlikely to budge from 
their books without a good reason.' 
He provided some encouragement 
for students to come. 

"We ' re good Aussie ml~," 
Cross said. "U'ssomethingyou·ve 
never seen before, and we only 
come here once a year. You guy. 
should take a load off for awhile. " 

Manpower Australia will per-. 
form at Coyote's Uve nightclub 
on Saturday and Sunday. The 
group will return to Coyote's on 
April 18, 24lU1d 25, but I'm warn-
i ng you Yanks, hands off our men I 
Don't think that we're aoina to 
share ahem with you. Look, bul 
doo't touchl For mare inforIqa-
lion, call 279-St83. ' 

/ 

Thunday, April 7, 19M The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

DAN 

SWEEnEY 
Helpless in a 
Roto World UCSD Shnnhles in AZ Heat Tritons 

I had something to prove. 
Last year my rotiaerie team, 
Sweeney's Sluggen. went the 
way of the Mets. My laughing-
stock lineup was matched only 
by my pitching staffs penchant 
for giving up SSO-foot homers. 

As a certifiable roto-geek, I 
was determined to avenge last 
year's farce. I would assemble 
the most fearsome squsd of 
sluggers and ace hurlers ever to 
grace a fantasy lineup. Well-
balanced in all of the categories, 
a veritable cornucopia of 
superstars, they'd have it all. 

At least that was my approacb 
going in. It's surprising how 
one's strategy changes when the 
draft starts. 

Now that my horrid draft is 
over, I say to hell with the stats. 
If my guys don't get demoted to 
the Pacific Coast League, that 
will be a victory in itself. 

Reflecting upon my assort-
ment of has-beens and neVer-
will-bes, I marvel at wbat 
possessed me to actually put 25 
bucks into this thing. 

Perbaps most unsettling is 
thst my success bioses upon the 
performance of two Mets, a fate 
I would not wish upon my worst 
enemy. 

Not to say that Bret 
Saberbagen isn't great on the 
mound. The problem is that 
when he pitdles, the ambulance 
keeps the enjine running. He 
lives on the disabled list 

And don't get me started 01\ 
Bobby Bonilla. For S6 mil a 
year, he should hit .400 with 60 
homers. 

As for the rest, try "Taffy" 
Rhode .. Look up "career minor 
leaguer" in the dictionary and 
you'll find his picture. 

I was excited about Bobby 
Witt(leu) until he allowed six 
runs in his first start. An 18.00 
ERA won't exactly take the Cy 
Young. 

My catching corps is Ions on 
strikeouts and short on experi-
ence. Carlos Delpdo and Derek 
Parks collectively have one 
major leape at-baL 

Albert Belle it my ac:e-in-the-
hole, but his initials may very 
well repreaent hit downfall-
Bad Attitude. 

And then there', Tom "flub-
in-tbe-pan" GonIon. For me to 
bave a dtanc:e, he .... to win 20. 
Fat cbance. 

Ala, Sweeney" Sluaers II 
may not amount to much. but 
maybe Sweeney's Slugcrs III ... 

ROCKY ROAD: Tritons drop three straight including 8-1 loss to top-ranked UCSC 

St." Writer 
It wu a cban~ for something 

big, a chance to tum heads in the 
Division III tennis world. But when 

the time came, 
tbe UCSD 
men's tennis 
team (7-5) fell 
flat, losing 
three matches 
in a row dur-
ing its week-
end road trip 
to Phoenix, 
AZ. 

The east-
ward journey 
left a bad taste 
inevery-one's 

mouth, with the Tritons' record win-
streak ending at seven . 

"We'll have to make Nationals 
through the West Region," said a 
stunned Coach Tim Ditzler. "We 
just have to make sure we're third or 
fourth [for a Nationals bid)." 

A lack of success in the big points 
plagued the Tritons as a surprised 
Ditzler watched UCSD lose five 
three-set matches in the 7-21055 to 
Trinity (TX) . 

1be only two Triton wins came 
in doubles, with John Cross and Vern 
Yarnell breezins 6-3, 6-2 at num-
ber-one doubles ind Roy Gessford 
and Rob Ho playing solid in the 
number two-doubles spot, winning 
6-1, 7-5. 

In singles, however, all four Tri-
tons fell short, including number-
five anchor Dan Brounstein and 
number six Jeff Young. 

On Saturday apinst Gustavus 
Adolphus College (MN), the sipgles 
players went 2-4, leaving it up to 
their doubles talent to pull off three 

~ RllctlIe/GuM/In 
SenIor ...... c... c... ......... doubIII ...., OYer .... weekend. 
more wins. The teams of Cross- Santa Cruz, the number-one ranked 
Yarnell and Gcasfor tri- team in the nation. Playing unemo-
umphed, tying the match hop- tional tennis, they feIlS-! to a supe-
ing that Brounstein and sophomore rior team. 
Anand Shah could brill8 home the "At a different time, a different 
win. But the duo faltered in the third situation, I think we could beat 
and decidins set, 6-2, giving the them," Gessford said,perhaps look-
Gustiea the clincher and handing ing forward to a rematch during 
the Tritons their second consecu- Nationolls. 
tive loss. 

The last thing the reeling Tritons 
needed wu a face-off against UC 

"The matches were pretty close," 
Ho said. "We played well but there 
wu just something missing." 

UCSD Earns Respect Against #1 UCLA 
RESPECT: Tritons play superbly and take game off Bruins 9-15, 2-15, 16-14, 7-15 
.,I*IKNft 
AuocIate Spotts Editor 

The UaDmen'. volleyball team 
(2-20) has labored Ihrougll its Divi- . 
1ioo1-ladenlCbech&leall yearsearch-
ing for any opportunity 10 pick up 
I0IIIO respect. Ullfortunately for the 
TrilOns. their talented opponents 
rarely allow such Opportunities to 
present tJ!emselves. 

1'ueaday night certainly did not 
appear to be any differeat for UCSD, 
which travelled north to the famed 
Pauley Pavilion for a matchup with 
number-one ranked UCU\. How-

ever, the Tritons exceeded all ex-
pectations, forcing the nation's top 
dog to four games 9-15,2-15, 16-
14,7-15. 

Trailins 7-0 early in game one, 
UCSD charged back strong before 
succumbing to the Bruins' power-
ful aItIck. Game two saw UCLA 
turn it upa notch 10 take a two-game 
lead. 

The Tritoas showed heart in 
game three by overcoming an early 
9-4 deficit to tie the game at 14 and 
then shocked the Bruins by taking 
the final two points and the game. 

"We really huns in there after the 
first two games," Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik said. "It would have been 
easy to give up, but we came back 
and played terrific." 

UCLA put away the fiesty Tri-
tons in the fourth game, but not 
before UCSD had earned its respect. 

The Tritons performed excep-
tionally on defense, outbloclting the 
Bruins 19 to 11. UCSD's offensive 
efforts were led by Tom Black, who 
blasted 17 killl on the match. Chad 
Hinkle and Tyson Ken tallied 15 
and 14 kills respectively. 

Fourth at 
UC Irvine 
INVITE: VCSD places 
fourth at VCI tourney 
behind top squads 

Sen/or Starr Writer 
As the defending Division III 

National Champion, the UCSD 
golf team lives by a different set of 

standards. 
Dealing with 
the nation ' s 
top Division I 
and II leams, 
the Tritons 
lived up to 
their expecta-
tions at the 
Anteater Invi-
tational on 
Monday and 
Tuesday. 

UCSD shot a 908 on the par-72, 
Coto de Caza course, 17 shots be-
hind winner and host UC Irvine. 

The Tritons were paced by Tom 
Brown, who shot 76-71 -74 and 
finished al 221. Brown was two 
strokes behind individual cham-
pion Dan DeVibiSl of San Diego 
State. Had it not been for a double-
bogey on the last hole of the course, 
Brown would have shared the med-
alist honors. 

Rounding out the scoring for 
UCSD was Dale Abraham at 224, 
freshman Mike . Hartford at 233 
and Arnie Campbell at 25 I. 
Camp'bell's second-round 74 was 
his best IS-hole score of the sea-
son. 

The Tritons' fourth-place spot 
- bebind Irvine, SDSU and Long 
Beach Slate, and ahead of Divi-
sion II powerhouse Cal State 
Northridge - surprised UCSD 
Head Coach Mike Wydra. 

"It was a better finish than I 
Clpected. Coto is very hilly and 
lots of trouble. It's in a canyon and 
erosion has turned it into a treach-
erous course," Wydra said. 

The course is 50 tough that the 
tees were moved forward for the 
Invitationa .. "If they had put the 
tees back, it would have been 
unplayable," the coach said. 

Even with the short tees, Coto 
de Cua's slope, or difficulty rat-
ing, was only one point less than 
the tortous Big Canyon course, 
site of last year's Anteater Invita-
tional. 

THE WEEK AHEAD JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 
........ : 

fri.-Sat., Aprtl 8-9, va. Chapmen Un~ at Trtton Stadium 
-..r: 

FrI., Aprtl 8, Sen 0Iec0 Golf Academy Tournament 
...... 1 

FrI.-SUn., AprIl &10, UCSD Trtton CI.sslc, 10 a.m. 
.... T ..... 

Fri., AprIl 8, at Unlwtralty of Redlands, 3 p.m. 
'fnIIIIl ......... 

Sat., AprIl 9, UCSO IrwttetIonel,10 •• m. 
y ....... 

Sat., AprIl 9, at UC Irvine, 7 p.m. 

(MA~'C i" L.A.) 
" 

.. 

, , 



. ",. 

r ' 

10 CLASSU'lEDS 

\\\~H \C ""IF\I'" 
IiWINOTH LNCU I..OOOIIG .... II ....... '17. 
- .............. *--j:W7~) 
W ................. t-.. .......... AoMIn 
, ...... 1 Ce ... .. 1"1 .... ... wtOltaO. 
... ,n • _"''II.~ 
T-.g ......... ....-7 GM • ~ 
............... _ ....... ..., ... _5.000_ 
wwtdIoIde. c.I-...&1. c:wNIlll 

~ ... 'AIR-.. 1II(10:30-2:OOIc:... 
~ ..... 1Irtng yaur - . ."....." 
~ a- 0pparUiIIy c.mp w.".. 
IoyWGIrII HE PA (3In/nyc) ......... ..-. 
C~""~Spone. 
~ -. ConipuI .. , MC, V_, AMD. 
c...,..._~, Apl7 . ..-... , . 
8O().-.aa17 .. 51&-Il3-30l7. (3I26-4Il') 

... IaIIICALB .... ' ........ AndNwUc¥l W_. JoMpII _ !III AIMzIng T_ 
o.-.... _ ....... m. lII......-
--....llcUIe ...... 00. M.O.M. or "'door. 

(41~ 

HeytTnddUCSO'.~_epIiII? -... 
• mMeoli (T,ilon/Sun God1) No .xpetlence 

~jueI.~_d_""'_ 
10 _ ... 1 c.I_" _ (41...",) 

aATTU CW THE IIANDI, _V _ITH. 
4:00p.m.·8:00p.m., St~ lawn, R_ 
c...,.... l'NeIi (41~ 
PI.ANET /lOCK! A ___ -... 3 ... 
tlandllil FfIdaV, (4115), 7.11p.m . ... FIIIIt' • ....,.,., 
Canyon ..... (~14) 

W_: ••• -.. .............. --.. 
,_c...~Jab."I12O.~ 
..... 4111 . (41 ...... 11) 

WwIIad: .......................... 1nIam 
, ...... - C., •• , SenIle.. Job , 10 1121 . 
'J' II nil.". due 411. ~ 
H-"I __ F. , .. , Body, MIld, -. 
Soul. The_ ........ on~, """"*'UIcIiI 
-~-belng.~.......-..~ 
~, ..... _ ........ _CenlarPlua. 
Tuaadey, " 12 100-.m. 10 1:15p.m. For men 
Into ... 534-182 • . (417-4111) 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

CLASSIFI EDS 
CItusifitJ~i.ssolJiII15-MAOrdinp",..,IU.1M,.~ 15 ~i.sS1 /of' studetrIs(forptnafllluseottly), 
$3 for f«WIy t:utd sm/f, t:utd $4 /of' odten. PaymenI in IIIAance i.s NqIIiTe4; dwJ t/otc, tills ""'" ,. trIIIiJal with II 
ch«:Ic(fPMMpaytlbIelOThe UCSDGuanIian)OI"pramII:tlillptftOlLDetldlinaan 3 p.m.17rundttyforMondtzy's 
Ww. t:utd3 p.m. MontJayfor 1'1uIntIIIy's i.ssw. The Guaniian rat'1Va lite righI torrfuselUl)'~ IncIIIdins 
but not IimiIed 10 comptII'Iiot&fI tMl.s. For more informtJIioII CIIll5J4-Stll6. Mlliling 1IIIdnst.. UCSD ~ 
AIIII:CItmiJi«I.s, 9500GilnttInDrit¥, 0316,lAJoIIII, CA 91I»3'()316.AClUllJIIIIdnss: SIIItJeIrICenI6A, Iopfloor. 

FUH IUMMIR JOI. H_eeI w- _p COIIIIMIIn. ..... -. aaIIng _ ...... 
~. HImI-,IIIJIIIY" .,..... ........... 
... a.--, 1010 ..... a.. ,.."., _ 
101M. (217-4/1.) 

....... .... A ....... I MeIir poaIIone. o-t 

....... c.ll-11M).438 ... EIt P-3317. t!II»-4I 
7) 

Mer-a T_.'.........-guI*. &mblg. +_ ... _halCC--.E_,_ . 
"" .. i) Hu'rwl lu., .p,ing/.umm., .. uon. 
_0MIiIng. flea __ c:IuIi _1NpI c.I 
(819)_ (2117-4/11) 

COUNSELORS: CAMP WAYNE. _, ...... 
camp. N.E.PA. 1/23-1/21/IM. Hew die _ 
_____ oIyaurlllal~-... 

..... ~ .............. ..,. ... apec:iIIIy 
_ . lilli 01_ lobi......,... ON CAWUI 
INTEIMIWII. ~."I""""Q.4:3Op.m. S9I up a.-~ 0- _ CIwIa 
_ . F .. men _ ... 1.8O().7!I-
2:1117 .. 511-188-3217 ....... ,2_ St.. Udo 
_. NY. ,'.1 . (317-411.) 

0penIng_ ..... GoIIDo blglDo ..... .-yaur 
hIIIp. M ........ _ . Ftr ..... Ptr ......,... 
.......... oNt· c.I_-· ~·) 

W_: .......................... .-.-. 
, .... c:...aww.aJabllOll11O.~ 
..... 4/11 . 1414-4/11) 

IU 
IEl 

TRID 

INTERNATIONAL IWLOYMINT ...... up 10 
UIXIO-&otOOMna ........ bMic _ ..... .. 
EngIIIh In ....... T ....... 1. Kana. No ........ 
IIMIf8IouncI • AMI ................. ,. 

~ .. QIDIII""I ... JII7I. ,.....,., 
CAUIII ... .-ee-.... _. 
en.... .. or ~Tcu 0IIIIIpMIea. a-.. 
1'uI_ .......... ~ ......... No ......... 
-r.For......-... I·_a. CMN_ 
C5I1I. (31)>6'2) 
.... o,en .... _ .. 00IIIjIUIer ...... 
_ . - po I i III ........ IIIIIIW 10 _._DMII_ ..... _. 
~ __ 174-".,.._',2. C3/2f04/11) 
ucao ... _ ..... _ .. _ller .. 
....... two--.wcNlhnflamDIll ... IIcItIoaI 
.. _ ............. _MInIiN8I11 ....... 
,.,_ MMiOUI. MIIiIwIng ..... _ DIII_ 
- .............. c.I MfIe .-e74. Po'2I-tI7) 
TDeII, TINNIe, AND ItIOIII .,..... c.mp 
c.n.tanaia. Pocono ..................... bceIIanI 
reeIdanIIoI ....... bora' and gIIII' __ .... 
We _1ooI*Ig ......... ~ • wau .. 

~ ..... - ... you-........... . 
..... oatIlIJO.832 ... • __ ..... 11M 
.. WI ..... c:wa-4Il4) 

E: p. III __ 0" ....., c.,.. w.wne 
IkIp/GIiII HI ~A ~) ........ ....-. 

~ ....... ~Ipofta. 
a.- Aec. ~ A+C. _ . ....... . 
c...,... ....... 1hndorwApl7. ,,-... ,. 
8O().1IOf.2:1117 • 51~ . ."....." 
_: ... , .................... ..-
1-"'- Car_ IeMoH Job , 101121 . 
........ I ........... (414-417) 

~ .. 'AII'I-.. 7Ii(IO:3N:OOIe... 
..-PIlla eme yaur - . (HI-4Ir) 
MACHLRCIUoUID-,....., .'0.23,.'URf 
_ ......... ,·tow"" .... and ............ . 
I'arb ...... __ ~ ...... "ICIa.m. 
c.I_ ................. 1I11)13H1 .. cawol 
1M DIogo EOI. (31:11-417) 

L.ooIdneIor • ..-pwt ....... --Jab' 
OM ......... "- .......... ..-w wa-. 
round? c.I 432-0421 . ..... nama/*"*-alor .. 
_ . (3131-4111) 

EnY ... _ .... y_oo.P_.~ 
oIiIcM. ElIpMo1Ing ,...,. w.a SIS ~. For 
_ . (4/4-4114) 

CAMP CIr ... C .... POCOIIO 1IOUNr,.., 
NIINA. AaaidanIIaI"" andgllll' __ .... . 
Wenead: c:.tng ............ ..,.jII ...... wind 
....... _ .............. lVandVldeoand. 
... 1IOII ........ 1IuImw _1II111M .. ." .... 
c.l1OO_"or_towand_ua"'waur . 
a-Jab,.. "'1"') 
DAV CAIIN ...... Canojo a ... '--
v ........ c-..a~_ .... -tno 
...... - ................ _ .... 

-.twm.~ ............. ~"' ....... 
MNnIng. aonglledlng. rapaa_ a men. Now 
- ....... '" .'..--:J, C4/~ 
ALAIKA.,...,. ~. Elm up .. 
".000+ In two monlh • . 1l00fIi __ I 
T •• __ .I .... or ~. No ....-

~. c.I (lIIII)546-<t155 .... A8871. (4/4-1/ 
21) 

WANTaI: IPEClALI'fIOGMMICOOI'IDINATOfII 
FOR I'II'TH cou..IOE. ...... ... "" ........ 
..... _ ......... ..,..._ ......... _and 
...... _ ................ leaJall'101117 
ale... ........ AjIpIcoIuI ...... "..., ..... 
(4I4-tI7) 

2 ,.,. pcaIIjGN open "" .......,. CIIIIIIIIIIn ... 
8 .D. KapIIn . ........................ . 
pUa. ...... IICUI(_ ........ c.I_m· 
.7 .... (414-417) 
Tonww ........................ OIIIIII*'W _ 
.......,-__ .. _ 4 p.m. 10. p.in. 

~ 11110191~. Jab .......... _ 
...... 1ionI ... 1nnCIII_ID ...... and_ 
.. ___ on .......................... ...... 

- ... lo-MWtow_. and-.. 
40+-. (4I~ 

ATT!NTION ITUDl!NTIt __ ~ 
......,.._n..-.".,IorAlMnilllr.-... 

~"'i""''''' CIoaoI ...... ~".).-..c 
.,Ior .. _. aww.a c-nm.). __ c.... 
IIadIIIy (p".). EquSax (c .• .• _ .) ...... AImorIIe 
(bull.). Oddo. ~. " _ (p., .). CconoIo 
Mw ...................... )._ ....... d .. 
.....-~).For ................... _ 

A8IO~. (417-4128) 

Attendant wanted tow prof. d_ woman. Ti 
Th '·noon: Sat 7·3. Own ca, . • 7.&OnI,. Pat 2111· 
17.5. (417) 

"M_ BIiI>raIIW' __ ... IIIIp .. lOr my 3 
CIIiICIfen ..... 3.1, _ 7. Mon. _ .• fri., 12...,.m. 
.7/IV.ewn .... -. _____ .CaII_ 
1lIII0. (417-4111) 

Tbunday. April 7. 19M 

., ........... -........ .-.... ... 
- ........ 0" ...... c.llCI'WjaII ..... 
....... (417) 
N,.. ••• 'tt....., .......... _ 
"-'_and.........., .............. 111 
--....... ..,.....-..-...... 
-.. ....,. ......... ~-uperIenoa ~. , .. Of __ 10: 
CoarwIemI T .... I .... _......, CCIuiI ... 
Jolla. Il1037. ,., (''',...7078. All_Ion: 
"-ta. (417-4111) 

PIII·IIIM "-"wPIIII. fr .. _, "-d. 
....,.,. ... Jolla "-. 1M .. IIIIecI unci .. 

'~.' 273-..... (417-4111) 
PIwto.-w- ........ _ ......... a ....... 
TItani ....... c.I ............ I»«JOO. (417-411.) 

... Jolla ..... ~ Co . ..... Ing 
~ ....... aIIOIlIIIp ............ OCIi 
hour. c.I WIMIo 551-1307. (4/7-4111) 

PINK !'lOYD TlX. 3" 2 ...... M on IIIIIIIt c.I 
F ..... 1I4-l0l1. (4/4-417) 

...... C.", 1nIC.'. lIN... • ." ....... 
mat_. tow ,It, IAI, DIA. .........-
_ ................ _ . Cell l-eoo-... 
4313 Ext. C·7",. (2JH-4I7) 

CATCH A .lin !ulope ·12411. New York . '128. 
Cell "" propMI ........ 1 AlAHlTCH (Al , . 
_7-1011. (113-4111) 

Surf. Upl Th. wat.,·. gelling ·w.,m.,1 3 
~"""""""""'_or-'­
........ "0'. 5'10". I 'r. I wit ................ 
..... .,... 13/10-411.) 

PlnlcI'lDWd~ 3 .......... 178..., .... 3 ... 
aaoo. IIIIIn .. , .... ""CI-4I7) 

488DXWl25IK. "'1WI.2IIOMIHO. 1 ..... 1'0 • 
0.2_ 8VOA _Itof. _ .. , 101 'III .... 
kewo-d. MS-DOI '.2. Warranty .... "360 
DeIIwaNd. Can _ . c.I ...... ..... 

(pagar) - - . (3I2S-4I7) 
NEW mUAEI IIIMI 011 pounCIa. _ -.y. 
- ..... 1 .aMlllrougll ,.. bum ... weItIhI .... 

~.F ____ .c.I_l_.7-3050 . 
(3121-411.) 

..... ear- Wood ,,-.~ ••• 000 
___ ... -. - -nIInoI. buII'ln 
dIIIo cIiIwa. fWpewrIIar iOiOiIa ..... _ pm; Iypaa 
_1Dnott poeeIIIIe. IIIIIiW .............. I3l10. 
F_. 413-21121 . (414-417) 

I'AH IRAI (WIpurI:f-. 01 ~. 3MO)(. 
25MHz, "'.nd new 210MI HD w/W."."ly. 
, .......... IVGA ...... monIIar. OIS 2. DOS. 
WhIcMa __ men. ,un ... ....- tIOO abo. 
c.I .......... , .... (4I4-tI7) 

FOA IIAIJ!: DIn ... rift . faille NO: hiking boot ... 
1 __ &55. ~a-... iI56IS5O: 
CD/_eMdao -... _111_: abo. 
587 ... 72. (414-4121) 
a-.tlllll0ueWI Futon: Fnneo-_( __ 
1-..). natural pine frame. 1150 abo. 211-22.7. 
(417-411.) 
WETSUIT • Body Glow fultauk . ... ____ Ie 
__ teIIerlng. 1 _ old. 122·11 • . "00 
abo. (41~1 ') 

,.-:F£ J .r J' )' ; f :' """,T« $ ~~"" , NEWlI'HOTO EOUIPMINTI ___ ... .-;_ 1007 Gamet Avenu~ .1 
Pacific Beach. 273-6227 ( 

~ Master Mechanics 
===VW - AUDI- CHRYSLER=== 

619 450-9494 81 
Must pt'el8n1 coupon 
and IIakI UC50 10 
at lime oIasl1male. 
No' voIIcJ wftr> major engine 
01 """ 1SI'I'oIssIot, repaIts. 
5120 AuIoport Met 
San DIego. CA 92121-251. 
Loc:chd in !he AUTOfOIT MAll 

hbuIt EngIneI 
Irc* ... VaIYeI 

Air Conditioning 
AIr II WaIw Cooled 

Clutchea • Electrical 
MaIIItenance SerIIc .. 

Tune-Upe • Gas II DIeM! 

Are You Considering A Career 
in Public Health? 

Marissa Cortes. M.P.H., Director of the Heallh Careers Opportunity 
Program, UCLA School of Public Healtb, will be althe Price CeOler 
10 give a talk aboullbe program .1 UCLA, poem informalion 
aboul public Malth, graduale schools, public beallb careers, and 
lDIWer qUCllioas. 

Tu.".y, Allrll12 
11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. 

Cognitive Science Bldg., Room 272 

/ - \ i ~,"~~u"'w"r 
/ 

.- . Complc!te linG of 5538 La Jolla Blvd. 
s;wimwear and 
covQr-ups; for 5 5 I - I 0 0 4 

WOMQnofal~ 

BANK MISSION VALLEY 
... C"., ... DIIL ... ...-ne 
"'C'AL ......... "IIeU llAeM .... 
CALL..,...... .... U"'''ft 

1 O%,"sCount 
With IItII ocI. b". '/'JIJ/" . 

$2 
OFF 

WITH FLYER 

INFO 979-9999 

.......... ..".., toedIng .............. Tri. 
--. ...-..eo . ..- ....... hoIIIwa. 
.... 1/2 ...... _ I'IIIyIIIIr (I'D) -' ICAII 
452-3147. (~11) 

BnDOI'Wf CuIsIne r-------, !2forl: 
I.., ..... 
........ I ..... get 

I .. ...... crI ..... _ 
Is... .. 
1"-
1"*-·,..·..,·"'** ... 1 

Lr=:..~!!-~.!' ...J 
.... ' RIIla.rIN 11 ... _,...., ..... __ a.,.,.. ...... 1111 

Tlaanclay. April 7. 19M 

... 1liii, .. ..,..,1IanIpaIIe ,.DIIoa(llDa 
HadDlloa .... c.IIIIIt ...... _ MDnIor. 
... 41110."!WI. ........ ,.DIM (300 
.. Iwr:I 00II0e. 10 MI c...MI. CCIIDr MonIor. 

~T""" . ......... IICIIIw.w. ...... 
OI'RIII ........ (tI7) 

WMII __ ..- ,.... .............. from 
beIiIg_ . ........ Io~. ll70V1ItTeroero. 
... DIagoCA 12731. HuroJ-"" yaur .... gift! 
(417-4111) 

,.IICIEXTRBE ........ T\lftllaIlOPIo-.., 
CIoaoI ...... 2OOam. WIII_ \IIIMidIi"II • . 1215 
CIllO. 1.,1.1XA IUNCWoIIeI'I MOUNTAIN ~. 
OK ...... ". CIllO. MUST IIEI.U 1ca11II7_, . 
(417) 

I. Dodga ear- Conuar*e. VI, .. -. 
nIoa and IllnlIIIOO abo.lCIIk .aNm. (417..",) 

. 1171 VW c- ......... 1 . ..- .... 
lIN ...... New ..... ,,.,. ......... ........... 
a3000 olio. 57M0D4. (417) 

~.-... 'lhecn. ...... C'A*cCIan. 
_ Compton'. EncydopecI": IAAND !'lEW. 
UNTOUCHED. _ITIJ. IN THE IOICEI. 12100 
_d_. (_II11 ...... _) •• _ 
'''I7l10 . ...... 7. (417-411.) 

II.H~I\(, 
OWN VOUA OWN HOME· UC8D 1t.1t .nd 
Btudelit DISCOUNT8. 0'''1 fIn_.... N .. , 
UC80. 1.2IIra "20.000',. a 3IHS "50,000+. 
c:-oe 10 luxury _aervIng La Jolla , Unlv . 
CIty. __ • DIIIMw. P.cIfIc Belt. c..k.monl. 
Nead 10 SELL. __ " YEARS EXPERIENCE 
.... doi REJMax Auoc. Judith _. Realtor. 
111-275-.... (313-411.) 

_a.dI.I-2_._ .... (IA'IIIIe, 
tauncIiy. 10_UCSO.I3OO-I3IO+ 1/1_. 
..... ,,82. (2Ia-4I7) 
MIr.M ... : Own'OOIW._. batIt-1310 + 1/ 
• utIIit ... poOl. I*"'ZII. Pau~ "''''2. 
(:t/31-417) 

,...... ...... 111 ..... -..-, .• _ 
___ .. IWIIc ...... 0uIIII _ 1uIdIw. 
paSo. cba ... II . .... 00 .... 11 ...... c.I 
..... . ~. --.. 17HIII . 

~ _ . (414-417) 

,."... ......-__ : 3-..- .......... 
JaIIa. ... ..-.-. ..........,... no .......... 
LooIdng ........ and' ........ _1310. 
dapaeII. c.I ..... 17NIII. "".......411 • . (4/ 
...", 

__ ... ooaI'P LNa _ ua. Own _. "'.0CIi 
_ pIua 1/1 ..... Own _, _I 
.-wer. In DIll .... ...... 2 .... _ fIam_. 

~ NOWI-..zI . (4/4-417) 
LaJallalUTC. __ • -.,..aI ........... nIa. 
__ ....,. _ + ,....,.-...... 00. 822· 
"51.(41~ 
I'OA I'IINT IN UCONDSlO • 1IedIoCIn, .... _ 
...- _ . ,... _ pn.tIegaa. 12!10 .. 
_ . _____ law .......... 735-

1757.0.""_'-"':_ . (417) 
MaIIar-.-......... _ .. ~_ 
.....,.. _ ... .-wer .. ___ . PaoI. 
- _ , ........- parIIIng - men .. 
.......... ~"" __ . ... ,~. to 
_ . 1/3 ..... ___ . _ ... 
_ . c.I Tat aI 587-8374. (417-4111) 

Aoorn In .... Mir ...... _ - JacuuI. 2 
......-. -/drfat ....... 0IiIIIe. __ 10 
--*,ef 1330 (S3I5'" -,4IIIIIwoom) • 1/3 
_ .2 ............. ~ __ ... 
_ . (417-4/11) 
QuIet. etudIoua __ roamto .......... non· 
--.g __ UCSO. Sept. 't4.June '15. 457· 
'304. (417-4111) 

Roomm.l, NHdeClIII MOYing 110m north.,n catIornie ..... _ ~ _ OM -.ely _ 
... _ .......... F ..... _r-.c.I_" 
535-, 1311_ • . m." _or_. (417) 

_ ,""'" + - . U 0IIIcInr - - . pool • parIdng. _ ....... UC8D. I3l10.00 + ......,. 
453-1227. (417) 

The UCSD Guardian 

....... _ .. ..--...... -........... 
_.CIIyer. a- ................. prIwIagaa. 
....... 1ICMI1tIIimo. u.tealnllludal. 450-II3II 
.. .... , ... (417 .... ,,) 

~ ....aoII AT 1IINA .... NCa. a ID 
....orl ...... ___ ..... 
........... c.I~ ...... ,711 . (417-4111) 

~ N:TUAE8I 0rIIW ..... WIllIe you 
.... x- ..... men . ..... sa. Owmaha. 452· 
.... (1CW254111 

~ ...... DIIIIng. .. DDIiDr ____ T....., 
-"'II ........... 452-2112. (lfS.4/11 

FEAAOI'FAT: ........ IndMoIuaI~apy 
lor -. ......... _ 0eIrdra PrIce, "'.0. 
(PIV121311) . • '-8272. (317~ 
VIaIWVIaIa_. Vouorwour-C_) OM"'" 
_'" ...... _ . ... 1 __ . _ 
......... .....--....... and __ 
,.. ____ . c.lConrad '~. (3/ 

2M'2I 

PAOFE88IONALEDITlNO/AeWAITINOcI_. 
....... , ...... -ICiIJ' .. ·OeorveTilbon. 
211-2420. (¥I8-4IZ5) . 

-...-.'-"........_ . 
_ . _ . -.. ~. ConIICIentiaII 
~_ ...... MaryAnn452_.(~ 

.) 

HVPN08I8ICOUNSE WOAICSI T ..... cItarp 
.... __ he. oatI_ "'*"'. MS. MFCC 
555-3100. l312l-4I11) 

SI1IppInWMovIng Get waur .... togetIIer . ..... do 
........ 1 to 1000 fICU*. TheI'llcloaglnlJ Store . 
800-7'82·22118. (414-4/21) 

CLARITY SERVICES. Edhlng: p __ ing.· 
~. T~~: ~1nO. ~. ElL T ... 
~.e.wtoncwt.po:IIII' .... .--. 
......,. (417-4/211) 

\\\\TED 

EARN CA8H OR MOVI! TICKETS FOR 
RESEARCH PARTICIPATIONI Engll.h· 
apeeIolng coil ... men AMCleelior PhD atudy 
.. p.ycII ... (ogy . .... lon ....... llmlnuIH. Hefp 
m. Ilnl.h .,.du.l •• choot! C.II C.rrl • • 
_In,,l . 117-0771. (3/31·4/21) 
IIUDDI-,. ...... _ ....... _ 
owcHa . .... _IC ...... "" .2·' _.,-
IiIUCIr • UCSOMC (H~. IIIIv.CeII 543-
2314. (31:11-5/.) 
Opentne _ ofIICae. OGI 100 big 100 lui neW 
,.... 1IIIp. All ~ _ . Ftr _ Ptr 
........... .......... lnqulr .. ....,. CellaI4-BOe . 
(3/21-4114) 

TINNIe, TIIMI, ,.,., 1lOIII TI*I8I c.mp 
~. "-">-. _ e-.... 
,........--bora· ..... _·--_. We _ -. "" __ . • wau ptay 
.....-._ .... leaIyou __ ~. 
..... ... IIIICHI3a-ll22l • ....-_1/21/IM 
... WI .... (3128-411') 

BACKPACK NEEDED. II you ' •• Irav.l.d 
.b,oad .nd w.nt 10 .ell wau, b.ckpeck. cell 
Natll.n aa4·0I07. (4/7-4/11) 

" ............ _ ._pay.c.l1IepIwW 
aI 220-8000. (417-4114) 

PEB~O'\ \L~ 
0IiIIn0 ........... quaIItr ........ en. ...... Low 
,...1 (LaoIIaa _ .) _lied< _'3. (3/ 
21-417) 

Good l.ucI<'-. Carta. woIiy. SIYIa. Ja. tr_ + 
Dave. I know you guya wiI kicllaorna butt. S. V.C the 
_III ~(417) 

Uaa. I mot you ..... yourlriand Barbar ... _Mo av._. Had.v_1Ime and I am eorry 1_ 
,...at Ot1eya· • . IWWIt loUOln cxrntact. T.o Murphy 
- 7'4·72'·1181 . (417-6/2) 
O.A. ia looking IIeIIar __ . (417) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

r--------., 1 .,' '1,lIlii, •• r I ..... 
: '::;~~i IIri IHlt ·EI.IEIl , 
1-.. ..,- . 

_ .r ......... 
1_ ·.,., • _., 
1_ · 

.... smoo 

• 

25% 
OFF 

.CIIIII 
DriIIII .. 

I 1.1 JellI CUI, mo Regents ROId 
I Ste. 108 in the Vons Shopping Center 
1 ...... 11 .8:30 Sun .• Thurs. ,,, ·10 Fri.' Sal. L ________ ~ 

Summer Japanese Study 
intensive 6-wk program al Lewis &< 
aut College in Portland. ORJuly IS. 
Aug 28. Earn 12 quarter brs. Study 
lang. (ali levels) & culture willt JIp8-
IIC5e studeots 00 theme "Nature &< the 
Environmeot.· Three-day wilderness 
program included. Prior language 
study NQI required. 
Oregoa/Ja,.. SUtalllU ProrIrem 
222 SW OlIumbia, Suile 1750 
Portland, OR 97201 
Tcl. (503) 223-7938 Fax (503) 223·7946 

__ .. UTe. Own AM/IA.14OO. 1/2_ 
(IncIutIea -. .-...... _ . 117 .. , .... 

-~ 
UnIwIIIIr caw ... · ...... 1IMCIad lor..,· ........ 

hnloa_. ~""""~lV._~. 

'SUMMEA ROOMMATES WANTEDI '27111 
_ . Neat 10 UTC. w_/drfat. ~. 
pool. '-"''' •• tIIneea_.IM/F.-ed 
to...,._orlI0 ...... 1 ......... CalI 
ICOTT 587.(1441 . (./7..,,') HEAPE8 IUl'P'lA!RS 80UQHl lor -a. .... 10 ....... ~. "" non-____ . (317-4/21) HEPATITIS 

11_ ... UCID. No .......... or cIruga 
........ c.I ..... or AtnaaIlM-&lllI or I114-&'III3 . F,.. room. board. ..I.,W. '.'1-11 .... 

houMII ..... I .. oilier oooitH. NMd veIIIoIe. UCIII ....... ew. ...... ~ ........ (qIIaaIgII. (3Ia-4I7) 
,!rIMe 3 ................. ............. IIuyIoocl . .... ,NO. "" .2 ...... autw ~ ewe ............. 
Own 1m .. fumItIIeCI. 1IdI. La olalla "-. pool: 
1O-1I1Ira . .... ,..... ................ _ . 

.,0 ................. ..-. c.lDIiII. 50-WII ..... -.-UIISteII __ ... _ 2:114. (1111-1131) 
........ 1/4 ... flam ..... OUW ..... /W ... 
_ u.. ....... ""'"'- ......... . 
.........4I111M.,..,.IoIIaIa....otelor ....... 
____ (II2S-4Il) 

34wInIDm cando _ UCID. UTe ........ In 
.......... ,' ..... c.I_7'11H413 .. _ 
........ (."...,., 

R.I .. r.epon.IIII •. tru_ort"w. cOII.enl.l, 
_ • . 273-5411. (417-4111) 

CHIA~ LIVING· Summ.,/yMrty lllOImo. 2 
b.d,oolll/lb.lh • N . CI.I'.IIionl .. ALIL 
UTILITIESIHCWDEDI CII,I.172·&758I .. v. 
_II • . (417·511) 

.....: CouI_,- I I n tIC. • I. l1li 
-'-0" , .....,Callipw.,n.~HE 
PA (IIINI"WC) Iporta OrIent ... C-MIoraI 
........ "" .....- .,.., CMdoor Aec. 

~. A+C. Wto,IIIiIIIO. ean.ua-
1liuI&Iey ApI 7 . ......... 1-«JO.1IONII7 .. 
51~.~ 

August MCAT 
Training Starts 

Now! 
KAPLAN1S 5 G()()<.I 

RCaS()l1.S ,,",lIly! 
At Kaplan, you don't have to wait for our first 

class to get a head start on the MCAT. 
Our learning extras help raJ8e your score as soon as you enrou: 

0 ~'s IICAI r ........ profiles yOur scOrina strenaths and ~, 110 you can set your traJnlni goals. 

• 
=: __ • " ..... ~ can take it with you . . 

, Wuatrated and reader' y - over 1400 pIFS of 
sdence~. 

• 
Kaplan's .. PlslLl. ft •••• makes sdence brusb-upe easy 
and eaaaSina. . , -. 

• Kaplan's'" , 7 .' em, AucboIVideo LearninI lab JIIves you access to me wodd's ..... ooIlection of MCAT pnICdcc matataIs. ' 
• 

Kaplan ..... proYtde apert individual instniction until you 
set It riIht· . 

even bqpn our dau eeuionsl 
to -.It? CaD 

0 F 
Q) 
() 
c 
ctJ 

.:!: 
t) 

I , 

CIJ 
CCS 
.~ 

If you have been affected with Hepatitis B. you could 
qualify as a plasma donor. earn extra cash, and benefit 

medical research I 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682·5252 

E 
c.. 

C\J 
I 

E 
ctS 

c::::> 
, 

. , 

CJ 
0 
J-

, 

, , 



12 SPORTS 

SPECTATOR'S GUIDE TO 

THE S[HEDULE 
SATURDAY, APRIL 9 

Eyent n .... 
Men's Cal Cup, _____ 7:40AM 

Women's Collegiate Novice A _____ _ 8:30AM 
Women's JV ............... -... -.... _._._ .. __ 10: OOAM 

Men's N -----------.---... -.-.--.. 10: 20AM 
Women's Collegiate 
Novice B ___ 1:00PM 

Women's Open Novice __ 2:00PM 

SUNDAY, APRIL 10 

Women's Cal Cup._. ___ I0:45AM 
Women's Collegiate 
lightweight 4 ................ _ ...... _ .... __ .... 12: 15PM 
*Cup ...... FI ..... will be held 
Ia .... afternoon 

THE E~UIPMEnT 

TheUCSDC ...... Thunda,. April 7 • 1994 

=.: 

: 

UCSD crew glides over rough waters 
this weekend at the San Diego Classic 

[ 

rewisasportrichintraditioo. Twentyregat- course advantage for all it's worth. "I like being the 
laS since its inaugural ioccptiOll in 1973, the home school. Our coxswains are very aware of the 
San Diego Crew aassic is a proud part of wind IDd tide conditions IDd the starting line is DO 
that tradition. place for a meek coxswain," he said. 

Attracting such NatiooaI Cbampionship Acoordina to Vallcrga. the Triloo women's var-
contenders as the University of Washington, sity-eight boat is certainly among the favoriteS to 
Harvard, Cal, Wisc::onsin IDd Penn, the ·Cassie capture the coveted Cal Cup, wbic:b pits lOIRe of 
expects to play host to anywhere from 1.5-20,000 California's top crews, including Santa au., Mills • 
spectators this Saturday IDd Sunday at Mission College, UCDavis, USDIDd Long Beacillpinstone 
Bay. Over 1,500 participants from a total of 80 . anodlcr. 
organizations and more than 40 oollegiate rowing Last year, UCSD garnered second-place honors 
teams will compete. bebind UC Santa Barbara. 

"This is the first major regatta 011 either coast of "(The other teams] are going to have to beat us, " 
the spring racing season," said UCSD women's ValIcrp said. "We are not planning OIIlc1iDg it The 
Head Coach Jade Vallcrga. who bas witnessed 19 women are heading 10 the starting line witb a miaion." 
of20aassics. "JtisliketheCbristmastoumaments The women's team will also field three different 
forbaskctball-thereisalotofpressuretodoweU. novic:e-eightboalsinthewomen'scoUegiateDOYiceA 
The mentality forlDOllevcry team is iftheyc:an race and B, women'sN IDd women's nDvicD-opcn races. 
well here than they'shouId be in good 5bape." "Our novices are looking pretty good right 'MN/," 

The bestt.eams will bavc lObe in peakoonditioo, women's Assistant Coach Shirley DoeU said. "I think 
especially on Missioa Bay's often tricky waters. they are ready to perform very weU altbisrepaa. 1bis 
Gusting winds IDd npidly c:hangiDl tidal c::umnla isareaIgoodchanc:etosecwho'srowiDgfastearlyOll 
make this regatta ODe of the nation's IDOIt cballeng- in the !IeIIOIl. " 
ing big races of the ...... The mea's squad Ioob 10 improve 011 .... year'. 

1be varsity-eigbt boaIaare60 feet JonaIDd the fiftb..pIacc finish in the men's Cal Cup, Ibouah it will 
rudders are the size of a bIDd. A coxswain bas to · faceltiffcompetitionio UC Davis(lastyear's wiDner), 
reallyknowwbatlbcyaredoingiodealingwidtthe Irvine IDd USD. 
changing direc:Iion of the tides," Vallerp said. Both the men'. and women's U.s. National A IDd 

"It's not unheard of for even the bell boaIs 10 . B Ieama will be in aIIendance 011 Sunday for. 12:30 
stumble with unclean starts. Not 100 many teams p.ol. exhibition race. 
enjoy fighting back after falling a balf-length be- '1biawbole weekend is like a buae festival," DoeU 
hind in the first 20-30 strokes, " be added. said. 1bcJc ~ tons of pcopIc there IDd Ibe rowiDg 

VaIlerp is Jooking 10 milk UCSD's home- VCDdon arc IbeIe in force. It'll peat bil c:anival." 
S TOR Y B y B R I A . N K. HUT T 0 

The 67-foot boat Is equipped with small seats on rollers. The crew team members sit with their feet 
strapped down, rolling back and forth In unison to augment the rowing motion. An elght-person crew 
propels the boat with twew.foot-long oars, which are mounted on the outriggers off the side of the 
boat. 

& R R p H I c 5 I , R E n E I I I t I E I 

Thunday. April 7. 19M 

R ................ 
-Send your enIry 01111'18112" by 11" 

sheet of paper IIong willi your name, year 
In school, college you attend at UCSD, 
major and phone number to: Sports 
EdItor, UCSO GUIfdfIn, 9500 Gilman 
DIM, 0316, La Jolla, CA92093-0316. Or 
you can drop It off In the leiters Box In the 
front of the GUlldllnofflce,1ocated 01\ the 
second floor of the Old Student Center. 

- The entry willi the most correct 
answers, as determined by judges, will be 
declared the grand- prize winner and wi. 
be recognized when the quiz answers are 
printed the following week. In the event of 
a lie, a drawing will be held to determine 
a winner. A maximum of 15 correct en-
tries not selected as the grand-prize win-
ner will be considered ruflll8fS-Up. 

- Thegrand-prizewinnerwll receive 
a free dinner for two at BJ's Chicago 
Pizzeria. Runll8fS-up will receive a free 
pitcher of Amstel light Beer or soda at 
BJ's, located In La Jolla Village Square. A 
list of all winll8fS wIU be posted at BJ's 
each week and winners need to show 
ldentlftcation to claim prizes. 

- UCSO students, staff and faculty 
are eligible to enter, except for Guardian 
staff members and employees of BJ's 
Chicago Pimria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass·produced entries will be.:epted. 
Entries must be at the Guardian office by 
noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within two 
weeks of winner's posting, after which 
the prize is fOlfeited. 

ThII Week'. QueIdoaI: 
1. Which current major lcaguc bac-
ball manager has won over 1,900 
games in both the American and Na-
tional Leagues? 
1. Who is the new bead ooach of the 
Dallas Cowboys? 
J. How many major 1eaguc baseball 
teams have current Oeveland Indi-
ans pitcher Jack Morris played for? 
4. Which hockey team won the 1991 
Stanley Cup OIampionship? 
S. What baseball player was recently 
suspended indefinitely by the LA 
Dodgers for substance abuse? 
6. Which Division I school was the 
first to receive the NCAA's "death 
penalty" for football reauiting viola-
tions? 
7. What woman's teonis player has 
won Wimbledon over eight times? 
8. What male golfer won the Master's 
Tournaments' back-to-bac:k titles in 
1989-901 
9. Who converted the winning basket 
in the 1983 NCAA Men's Basketball 
Championship game? . 
10. What team won the Division III 
1993 Men's GolfOiampionship? 

Last Week's Answers: 
• '1. What Australian golfer recently 
won the PGA Players' Champion-
ships? Grea Norman 
• 1. Which player has averaged the 
most points throughout the 1994 

UCSD Shells CDC 
LANCED: Tritons jump to third in NCAA polls after 
an 8-1 hammering of California Baptist College 
By Jeff PnlUCht 
St.ffWriter 

The UCSD baseball team 
bounced back from a rare loss last 

.. BHSE 
•• 

' •....... ' ~":~ 

BHLL 

weekend to 
overwhelm 
NAIA-oppo-
nent Califor-
nia Baptist 
College in an 
8-1 victory at 
Riverside on 
Tuesday af-
ternoon. 

As has 
been the case 
during the 
course of the 

SCISOn, UCSD combined a produc:-

tive offense with great pitching to 
improve its record to 17-3. 

The Tritons got on the board 
early by tagging the Lancers for 
three runs in each of the first two 
innings off of CBC starter Mark 
Grutzinadier (4-4). They added 
single runs in the fifth and eighth 
innings to build an 8-0 lead. 

Junior Chris Miyake paced a 10-
hit attack by going 3-for-4 with a 
pair of RBIs, while third baseman 
Ricky Ramirez belted a solo shot in 
the fifth, bis scoond home run of the 
season. AI DelFavero went 2-for-3 
with two RBIs as well. 

Triton starter Steve Heightdomi-
nated the CBC offense, holding the 
team to one run and five hits, while 

The UCSD Guardian 

NCAA Div.1 Men's Basketball Tour-
ney? GIeu RobIaaoa 
.3. What is the current name of the 
Kansas aty Royals baseball stadium? 

KaafrlDan StadIwn 
• 4. To which minor league bascbaU 
team did the Cllicago White Sox assign 
Michael Jordan? 

Blnnl ...... m Baroas 
.S. Which NFL team recently signed 
former ClIarger Anthony Miller? 

Deaver 8roaaJs 
." Whichcountry woo tbc gold medal 
in men's basketball in the 1980 Sum-
mer Olympics? Yugoslavia 
.7. What professional women's ten-
nis player won the 1989 French Open? 

AnDtuSaacbez 
• 8. What is the only Arena Football 
team to have won the Arena Bowl 
OIampionship more than three times? 

Detroit Drive 
.9. Which Division I women's bas-
ketball team won the NCAA National 
OIampionship last year? 

TeusTecb 
..0. Which NCAA Division 111 school 
won the 1994 Men's and Women's 
Swimming National OIampionship? 

KeayoD College 

ThIs Week's WinDers: 
• Grand Prize Matt Greenston, Grad., Engin. 
• RUIlDers-up 
OIris York, Sr., Economics 
Steve Hartsock, So., Bioengineering 

0811 McDoweIII CiuMl1IM 
Steve HefIht ahut down cae. 
striking out six. Height (3-0) was 
relieved in the eighth inning by Mike 
Bryant, who came in to shul down a 
Lancer rally. Bryant held CBC hit-
less while recording three strikeouts 
to preserve the win. 

The victory over CBC (14-15) 
lowered the pitching staffs overall 
ERA to an awesome 2.46, and earned 
UCSD the bighest NCAA Division 
III ranking in school history (third). 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 .. . 

FREE PREGNANCY TESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Teat Reallta) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (GenerrtI or Local Anellhe_) 

ouv;tRre 
~==r-

VIae, MIIIIr Cerd, &Dw.r 
I'· .; I t, 

• I • t I. r ~ ... .. •• ) 
" j, I' • 

.... \" I( , ...... 'I' \ ~ I ,',., " ' I t .~ ( H 
•• :\Ji I l \ 

.' , 
, :, t ' , . ., 

tifli7 FAilILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES IIEI~IC~U. GROUP 
..... ................ ...... .. . .. .... .. -...... ...... ... ..... , ... ... .......... . 

SPORTS 13 

....----NEW PATIENT SPECIAL!'---, 
Costa tVerde flJentistrg 

'" ::J39QQ 
...., EXAM, 

"" CLEANING & / : X-RAYS (bitewing) 
~ COSMETIC" FAMILY DENTISTRY" ORAL SURGERY 

.. We're open evenings and weekends! 

.. Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 

.. Prompl and gentle care in a beautiful privale office! 

.. Straighlen teeth without braces 

.. Special inlroductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 

.. 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

.. Plenty of free parking! 

CAll US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 NoW Dr. 
8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 

w. accept most insurance plans and most major credit cords 

rI!;Eiii=~t~~"S 
~WFAR$99 

. . 

JO!~ OaJ" 

Cut 
Club 

DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;;:: $129 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~~srs $139 
AU 

specials include lenses, 
exam, eyecare kit and 
folloW visit. 

• PIaaIPnoHs IIWD 
• GIAssis DUl'UCA18I 
• COWIIll m IXAM$ 

• No NI'OIInMINf NECESWT 
Sf HAllA EpAHOl. 

••• 

Inti rou Cln 11m I FREE HAl UT IIId product dllCoun1l 
--------------------I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I WOi""'''::''''':'''_''' I : =_ $1395 FREE SHAMPOO : 

I. ,... willa IIaIn:It I 
'---------------_ .. - -----0II0r ..... 1ft 4/IMII 

we ,are hair 
CIIrA'-&.a 8750 Genesee m-cun 

.. 7l1li • We ICCIpI chIcb • • 
..... -----IWNAY8AOREAT HAIR ~ '-:"'_~=-~=-O 

-

-

--, 

-



Pre-
season 

SOFTBALL 
Men'.MA 
1 Smack Squad 
2 Captain Fogculters 
3 Ole By The Sword 
4 Grand Sam 
5 SlIdlng'Orabos 

Men'sAA 
1 Happy Hour 
2 The Genuine 
3 Wooly Buggers 
4 SC 
5 Repeat 
6 Psi Chi Omega 
7 Shark Sandwich 
8 Monkey Wagon 
9 Diamond Thieves 
10 Sponges 

Men's A 
1 Se)(ual Chocolate 4 
2 They Might Be Giants 
3 We're Better Than Yeu 
4 eBZ 
5 Grounded Balls 
6 Llilles of The Field 
7 Loaded In The Ninth 
8 Each Hit 
9 Nut Check 
10 Spur Pos.e 

CoedAA 
1 Batman, The Rldel 
2 No Code Kids 
3 Ai-Ya 
4 Hard Knocks 
5 Laplanders 
8 The Porn House 
7 Infinite ERA 
8 Nolan's Auto Wrecking 
9 Rather Be In Vegas II 
10 The Naturals 

Cold A 
1 Swing Around The Collar 
2 Crime Dogs and SB Chicks 
3 Big Sticks 
4 Seek and Destroy 
5 Earthpigs 
6 Are We Having Fun Yet? 
7 Godfather's 
8 Brady Bunch 
9 Stick It In Da Ho 
' 0 Spank The Monkey 

Women'. 
1 Lab Rats 
2 Mungo Mungo 
3 Chics with Balls 
4 Strokin' The Gap 
5 Ball Breakers 

,., 

The UCSD Guardian 

1M 

tflJ(+~t Beae~ 
I/oIte,Jo.IIOIa"le 

IorAnoNAl .... DouIus TOUINMNf 
ON MIucH 

SAMMY, APIa 16 (9 __ ) 
IotIrA CCM, MIuIONlAy' 

AIttr 0 liver·yeor hiatus, iI's boaockl The 199 .. 
Sunlight Beach Volleyball Doubles Iournament 
returns to its home on the spring specioIl'l'lllts 
calendar ftlXt _ and promises to deliver I'I'1II 
more WllIeyboIl, sun, refmhments and ucillment 
than IMII'. 

This Iournoment is likl none yo4J'VlIMII' seen or 
played in. And at the Ind 01 the day, iI's guoran' 
lied that you will hove done something positiYl with 
yo4Jr day. 

The format sounds complicated, but in reality, 
its a dig in thl pork. 

Each 01 the 16 men and 16 women that enllr 
will ploy light dillerent molcMs (to 11 pointsl with 
a dillerent portner of the opposill gender. And WI'!! 
do our best to schedule you against new and 
dillerent teams lOCh match: 

At the end of the day, the top lour scoring men 
and women will be matched on IIoms and will 
compete as doubles teams in the championship 
round for the tournament tille. 

AU in aH, lOCh participant gets a chance to ploy 
eight diff.rent matches (with tight different 
partners), anjoy the Mission Bay 1Ondscope, !MIl 
lots of MW UCSD folks in a fun, friandly, y.t 
competitiYl environment. 

T oumamant organiun wiN also throw in some 
food, plenty of drinks, and some nice prizes for .... 
winning iiams. You can't ~nd a beIIIr deal for 
$6.00 , .... tournament antry '-I anywhere. 

Indivicluol sign'UPS ore cunanlly laking place at 
the Conyomiew RecrlOlion Office. This is a ~n" 
come, ~nt-MrYICI, ~mited I¥IIIt so don't sit bock 
and wait until the lost minut.. TNt Ioumoment wi' 
definitely deliver on aU that its promised. 

o E P A R T M 

·gelleiaf 
~ "ilt! 

IJ'iIICU 
SUNLIGHT IlAOt VOWY'lALL ClASSIC 

SATUlDAY, APIIL 16 
9l1li-6,. 

E 

Bloch Volleyball at Miuion Bay ... roIotionol mixed 
doubles format... 8 molches per pIoytrl 

COWGIATE OVEI·THE·UNE 
TOUINAMENT 

SATUlDAY, AJIIIL 23 
9..-6,. 

Over· The Line competition ot Mariner's Point with 
UCSD, Son Diego Stoll, USD .. . 3·penon IIoms ploy 

Son Diego's.,.,., own version of beach softball. 

INTIAMUIAl GOlf 
CHAMPIONStIPS 

FIJ.·SUN, ANI. 29-30, MAY 1 
Annual chompionihip toumamenI opan to all 
campus hocUn and proI.aianuIs alika. low 

scorers lOCh day maIr.e the cut. 

SUN GOD INlIAMUIAI. 5POI1S FESTIVAl 
SATUlDAY, MAY 1., All DAY 

The Evant 01 .... YIOI'I ... traditionoI championship 
tournaments in a cIiYInity 01 MW and old sports 
activitiesl 5-on-5 0uIda0r IoskaIbaIIlwith low 

rimsl, Indoor Soccar, InnIrtubt WaIIrpoIo, Sand 
Vo11eybaii Doubles, Tennis Mixad Doubles, and the 

MW .. -on ... Football. All laking pica at Muir 
College sports VIIIUIS. 

N T 

Th ...... y, April 7 , 19M 

IIAcH 5onIAU. 
SA1UIIAY, ANI. 23 

MMNI'S PolIn, MIllION lAy 
It's Spring Qucnr aM that means iI's time 10 

head to .... beach.for some"'" in the sun. WI in 
the Intramural Department heM the perf.ct 8YIIIt for 
yo4J, .... Intrornurol OYIr-The-line Toumamant on 
the beach at Mannen Point in Miuioll Bay Pan:. 

This tournament is on obbreYiolion 01 sofIboH 
and is also coiled Beach Soltboll because 01 the 
similarities. The players use a bat and a sallball to 
ploy .... some. But thot is wher. the similarities 
end. There are only three ployen per team. There 
are no ~ses to run (which is good for those who 
wont to get a ton and anjoy some liquid refrosh· 
mentsl. You also pilch to yo4Jr wn team. The moin 
ideo of this gorne is to hit the ball over the line 
without the defense catching the boll. II's a some of 
skill, cunning on def.nse, and is a great game for 
the lazy at heart. 

WI heM divisions for women, coed, and men. 
Prizes will be given to the top ~nishers in each 
division. Signups ore being Iakan now down at 
Conyonotiew Recr.aIion and !he r.. is $15.00 per 
1eonI. So grab a r.w friends and get yourselves 
raacfy for a great time down at .... beach having 
some fun in the sunl 

Don'tlargei to plan your team now for the Sun 
God Sports Festi¥GI CIOIIIing up May 1 ~ The Mnt. 
r.atur.d wiU be: 

Outdoor 5-011-5 baskeIbaII, Indoor Soccer, Mini· 
Football, and mixed tennis doubles. 

Volleyball Off to Fast Start 
New leagues still forming 
When you think of hot volleyball towns, San 
Diego is right there It the top of the list. The 

U.S. Men's and Women's National Tlamsare both based locally. MOlt of the 
top beach players live in this area. There il a professional league that has a 
team herl in town, the Spikers. The univlrsities in town ha\II national 
championship hlritage and are always ranked In the top 20 nationally. It's 
hard to find an open court arouAd tewn . on the beach, grus 0( In the gym. 

No campus il more tuned into volleyball than UCSD. Sure, WI've got over 

180 teams invoWed in either indoor 6-person or sand doubles voillyball here at 
UCSD and leagues started on Monday, but guess what? WI'VI got room for 
morl' 

It'l not too latl to get Signed up. Whether you want to bang balla Inside the 
ten foot line and run • 5 - 1 offense 0( if It's just a chore getting the bait the back 
over the net, WI havl a league that wi. fit your skHllevei. Don't get left on the 
sideline.. New "agues are forming NOWI Contect Canyonview (534-4037) for 
more Information. 

~ ~IJ ~ l~ IJ-\ .... ,AI SUBWAY NOW DELIVERS ~ ~ . -_*_'_'" TO YOUR DOOR AT UCS=..D~===:=: 
Come in for 

UCSD'sbest 
7 DAYS 5:30-10 PM ~ 

12" MEGA 
MEAL DEAL 
_u- .. ..., 
............ 

........ 

$6~!tax 
1780 MIRAMAR RoAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 

8780 GENIKE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

pizza 

Chicago Pizzeria 
PIzp • PMft • ItndwiahM • ... 

La .lola VIIe&e aqu.. 
8873 VIlla La ... Dr. 

466-0882 


