
ELIEWHERE 

UCU Paych W.d 
On Probation 
LOS ANGELES - The UCLA 
Neuropsychiatric Institute 
Hospital has been put on 
probation by the Joint Com-
mission on the Accreditation of 
Healthcare Organizations. A 
June survey ranked the hospital 
at the bottom eight percent of 
accredited institutions. The 
hospital, which cares for 
psychiatric patients, will 
remain accredited, but must 
indicate improvements during 
an on-site survey which will 
occur in approximately six • 
months. The hospital adminis-
tration denied any knowledge 
of the probation. 

R .... Promot. 
UCIF Prof .... 
SAN FRANCISCO - J. 
Michael Bishop, a UCSF 
professor of microbiology and 
immunology, was appointed to 
a University Professorship at 
the Nov. 18 UC Regents 
meeting. By earning University 
Professorship, the highest 
honor UC bestows on a 
professor, Bishop will conduct 
teaching and research seminars 
with students and faculty at 
various universities. Bishop is 
internationally recognized for 
his knowledge on the molecu-
lar mechanisms of cancer. He 
shared the 1989 Nobel Prize 
for Medicine or Physiology 
with departmental colleague 
Harold E. Varmus. 

CoIl". Guide Alred 
ov. ... eliite 
SANTA BARBARA, CA-
UCSB has spearheaded a 
satellite telecast called 
"College: Make It Happen," a 
program sponsored by the 
California Education 
Roundtable to help sixth-and ' 
ninth-grade students plan and 
prepare for college. The 30-
minute telecast, in English and 
Spanish, will air Nov. 29 on 
the Educational Telecommuni-
cations Network (ETN) and at 
sites around California. 

INIIDE 

MONEY 
OPINION: The U.S. 
Senate race was too close 
for comfort. 4 

lPORTI: Basketball 
defeats Christian 
Heritage 118-94. 20 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS .... ........................ 2 
CALVIN" HOBBES ....... ........ ..... 2 
OPINION .......... ... ... ....... ........... 4 , 
ARENA .............. .. .. ........ .. .. .. .. . 10 
CASSIFIEDS ........................... 16 
SPORTS ...... ................ ............. 20 

USED 

, H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER ~8, 1994 VOLUME 83, ISSUE 19 

Border Center Deal Criticized 
MEETING: Academic 
Senate seeks greater 
project oversight 

faculty involvement and consulta-
tion, and how information is dis-
seminated from the administration 
to the faculty. 

Last summer, the BTRC was pro-
posed to research U.S.-Mexico bor-
der issues. UCSD tentatively agreed 
to work in conjunction with the Na-
tion,1 Institute of Justice (NIJ) to 
establish the center. 

involvement in the joint venture be-
tween UCSD and the NIJ, faculty 
members criticized the apparent law 
enforcement focus of the research 
center. 

Faculty members asked the Sen-
ate-Adininistration Council for a 
revision of the official procedure 
dealing with faculty consultation on 
such initiatives. 

By ElIubetII MlICkenzie 
Staff Writer 

Shortly before Reno's visit in 
October, Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson pulled UCSD out of the 
project. 

Discussion of UCSD's role in 
last summer's proposed Border 
Technology Research Center 
(BRTC) dominated the first meet-
ing of the year of the Representative 
Assembly of the Academic Senate 
on Tuesday. 

The BTRC spark~ debate on 

However, when the Clinton Ad-
ministration arranged to send Attor-
ney General Janet Reno to San Di-
ego to sign a memorandum of un-
derstanding to formalize UCSD's 

Several faculty members recently 
questioned the extent of faculty in-
volvement in the discussion of the 
project, saying that they were never 
made aware of the proposed initia-
tive. 

At Tuesday's meeting, Profes-
sor Wayne Cornelius called for 
"safeguards to keep proposals from 
being ' bottled up' within the ad-
ministration." Atkinson responded 
by saying that he was surprised to 
hear about the faculty's complaints 
and said, in the case of the BTRC, 
that there was "no deception on the 

See SENATE, Page 7 

PRIVATE SPACE?! 

Heidi Muzhlk/ GuMdlan 
VI ..... Arta 2 atudent Enocoh W .... cl ...... hla penoIUIllpllCe for .,1 to .... 

New Engineering Building Dedicated 
CEREMONY: Dedication 
unveils new engineering robot 

By ErIk JoIInHn 
Senior Staff Writer 

State Senator Lucy Killea, UC Regent Peter 
Preussand UCSDChancellor Richard Atkinson, 
dedicated the new $32 million Engineering 
Building Unit II Tuesday, to over 200 members 
of the local engineering and business commu-
njty. The new structure is one of the last engi-
neering buildings currently authorized through-
out the UC system. 

The enpneering department also unveiled 
the current work of its Visual Computing Lab, a 
gesture-driven. robotic vehicle called 
ROBOGEST. 

"It's vital that the people of California and 
the state Legislature recognize the importance 
of engineering for the future of the state and its 
economy," said Robert W. Conn, dean of 
UCSD's School of Engineering. 

The Newport Beach architectural firm 
Zimmer, Gunsul and Frasca, received the Or-
chid Award for the building's innovative dia-
mond shape. Nielsen contractors completed the 
building on schedule. 

The n~w facility will house administrative 
offices, laboratories, and computer and teach-
ing rooms. 

"Clearly, the aggressive growth plans of the 
UC San Diego School of Engineering will re-
quire additional space to house new faculty 
members and students being recruited in the 

See BUILDING, Page 9 

UCSD 
Research 
Ranks High 
Nationally 
RESEARCH: UCSD ranks 12th 
overaH, first in plant and animaJ 
By He.ther MeRe. 
Staff Writer 

UCSD research recently ranked 12th overall 
among the nation 's universities in a citation 
analysis conducted by the Institute for Scien-
tific Information (lSI) in Philadelphia. 

USCD also ranked in the top 10 in five of 21 
categories ranging from the biological sciences 
to the social sciences: first in plant and animal 
science research, second in pharmacological 
research, seventh in molecular biology research, 
eighth in psychology/psychiatry research and 
ninth in geosciences research. UC Berkeley was 
the only UC school to reach the top ten overall , 
ranking sixth nationwide. 

"This is one of many indications that our 
faculty at UCSD is doing a superb job," said 
Darwin Berg, chairman of the UCSD biology 
department. "They are generating fi rst-rate re-
search that is highly respected and intluential 
among their peers." 

The lSI has indexed more than 7,000 jour-
nals dealing with the physical, biological and 
social sciences as well as other disciplines. The 
main purpose of the lSI 's processingofjoumals 
is to indicate performance in basic research. 

"For this ranking we used the 'University 
Science Indicator on Diskette' which has infor-
mation on the top 100 federally funded univer-
sities in the nation from 1981 -1993," said Chris 

See RANK, Page 7 

Plant and 

Ph .... 

Molecular 

Source: Inst itute fof Scientific Information 
Dominic LobbII/GuMdI." 



2 NEWS 

Turkeys Given In 
Holiday Spirit 
THANKSGIVING: UCSD students reach out to the 
community and donate food to needy families 
By Tom alllidey 
Associate News Editor 

gain on campus or in the classroom. 
"We suggested that they drop off 
the food in person and stay and get 
to know the family ," Yoshizumi 
said. 

As UCSD students packed their 
bags to go home and enjoy a turkey 
feast wilh family, others showed 
their Thanksgiving spirit by giving 
back to the San Diego community. 

Several campus student organi-

Ben Eastman, a Warren sopho-
more who adopted a family with 
Circle K, a campus group affiliated 

zations embarked 
on coin and food 
drives this season, 
with mixed results, 
and were also in-
volved in the grow-
ingAdoptA Family 
program organized 
each year by the 
Volunteer Connec-
tion at UCSD. 

Adopt A Family, 
which the Volunteer 
Connection has run 
for several years 
with increasing suc-
cess, matches stu-
dents, faculty or or-
ganizations with 
needy families. Vol-
unteers bring turkey 
dinners, blankets or 
whatever the family 
needs for the 
Thanksgiving holi-
day. 

"Ther.'s a lot or 
needy famill .. 
her •• Many 
peopl. ar. 
low-lncom., or 
hav. lost a Job. 
They wouldn't 
usually lCat a bllC 
dlnn_for 
Thankqivlnac. 
[Adopt A F .... IIy] 
Is such a 

with Kiwanis, said 
that the family was 
very thankful for the 
food they brought. 
His club began sav-
ing for Adopt · A 
Family right after 
Thanksgiving last 
year. 

"They were very 
happy to see us, and 
the mother started 
crying," Eastman 
said. "We played 
with the boys and 
talked with the 
mother fora while." 

"It makes you 
feel thankful for 
what you have, liv-
ing the high-life in 
college while this 
family is scraping 
to get by every day," 
he added. " It makes 
you feel good to 
help them." Volunteer Con-

nection and the 
Linda Vista Neigh-
borhood House co-

Juarez told a 
story about another 
mother who cried 

operated to match ba .... n. h.re." when students 
the students with 38 -Betty J...,. brought her family 
families this year, a Unda Vista a dinner. The 
greater number than Neighborhood House, mother took pic-
previous years, said Site coordinator tures and gave them 
Wyndie Yoshizumi, to the students. "It's 
specia'l events coordinator at Vol- something that's so good for the 
unteer Connection. students to do, for them and for the 

According to Yoshizumi, the pro- families they are helping," Juarez 
gram "just keeps expanding every said. ' 
year." Although Adopt A Family was 

Betty Juarez, site coordinator at the largest Thanksgiving activity on 
the Neighborhood House, praised campus,studentgroupsparticipated 
the program. "There's a lot of needy in other community events. 
families here," she said. "Many Circle K also held a Thanksgiv-
people are low-income or have lost ing party for the children 's ward of 
a job. They wouldn 't usually get a the UCSD Medical Center, making 
bigdinnerforThanksgiving. [Adopt pine cone turkeys, sand paintings 
A Family) is such a blessing here." and collages with the kids. "We 

Yoshizumi said that students hoped to put some happiness into a 
could either buy canned and frozen not-so-happy season for them," 
foodsforthefamilytopreparethem- Eastman said. "It was a lot offun, 
selves, cook and deliver the dinner but it was hard to see the kids in IVs. 
to the family, or give a special It was fulfilling when we left and 
Thanksgiving dinner from a gro- said good-bye, and they were all 
cerystore. "We also encourage them sad." 
to ask the family if they have other Several food and coin drives tried 
needs, like clothing or blankets," (0 make collectionS' for Thanksgiv-
she said, noting that a second-grade ing, meeting with mixed success. 
class gave toys to their family . Community Outreach Effort 

Students irlVolved in the program (CORE), an Eleanor Roosevelt stu-
said that it helped them as much as . dent organization, has received a 
Ihe families, by giving them a "millimal" responseto its food drive, 
broader perspective than thcy cou Id See TURKEY, Page 7 

The ('(soGoriInI' poilI'- IIondoJI ond~dulfrCthe ocadImIc,..llr .... for the-. 
of (.(SO. ~ 0I1Nt _In" form. wtIethe! In _ Ol in IIIIl ~ penrission ~ 
IIIIdI! 1lIOIMG. 0 1991. III,.... 1etef\IIG. Ill/! I!CSD ~It not __ for .. ""'"' 01 
IIIddIed ~ 0111\. The _ npmed in,1IiIIa .., Iipd -. 01_ dO 
I'll! _""" __ the 0Ilin00M 01 Ill/! t.CSD GuInIIr\ the IrMnIIy of c.IIIomo 01 tne 

~~.""I!CSD~~f\IIOeGlOietyllr ___ '·m __ ._wIIII 

The UCSD Guardia. MODday, Novelllber 28, 1994 

ETCETERA ... 
BEST OF CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

1 ~1r\ 
, ""-:. ...... ..-lM 

I , 
~~, .. 'k · 

~~. 
Si4:S I'l108-
&1Q.U.ED 

QtO "T 
~,~ 
11.'5 ~. 

- *-'1 Q4 
illS Wt<1 

~ ""*! 

r---------------, 

" . 

~." ..,w, I · 
\1 . ~·17 I!!-!::.. _____ ..:........;...J IL_.L.. __ """:"";::.L--' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

s,x .. ~ 
~- .. RlGIT\'4E 

~J\ISlIt£ 
[ CA"\" 
IElaE IT. 

UCSD Alumnus Paints Homeless 
UCSD alumnus Don Sommese, will display a series 

of his paintings depicting tile plight of San Francisco's 
homeless In an exhibition entitJed • Street Scene .• The 
exhibition will oper\ Dec. 1, at the Academy of Art 
College Gallery, 688 Sutter St., in San francisco. 

San Francisco Mayor Frank Jordan Is scheduled to 
attend the public reception of Sommese's exhibit on 
Dec. 3. from l):J0.8:30 p.m, 

Sommese said that his painting style ·fuses ab-
stract expressionism with the representational.· 

He added that he hopes his paintings will make 
people aware of situations which they might otherwise 
ignore in their everyday life. 

·As citizens of society, we heve the ability to 
collectively put our heads together to solve problems 
that heve become common to cities all over the world, " 
he said. 

Sommese is worldrc on a Master of Rne Arts 
degree at the Academy of Art College, In San fran-
cisco. 

For more information call (415) 775-0683. 

Wind En •• mbI. to GIv. 
Mandevili. Performance 

The UCSD Wind Ensemble will give a performance 
at the Mandeville Auditorium on Fri., Dec. 2, at 8 p.m. 

The group will perform such wort<s as Commando 
March, Concerto for Trumpet and Wind Ensemble, 
Toccata snd Fugue in D minor, Rhythmoods and 
Divertimento for BlInd. . 

Robert Zelickman, director of the UCSD Wind En-
semble, has been a member of UCS9's music group, 
SONOR, since 1983. 

He has played with many San Diego musical groups, 
including the San Diego Chamber Orchestra, and is 
known for his performance of the Second Avenue 
Klezmer Ensemble. 

Tickets are $5 for general admission and $3 for 

students. They must be purchased at the door. 
For more Information call 534-5404. 

Fr .. C ......... Tours Offered 
For WInt_ Qu_t_ 

The UCSD Visitors Proeram will be offering free 
campus tours of UCSO this winter. 

Mlni-Yan tours will be available the first and third 
Sundays of each month. Walking tours will be offered 
on alternative Sundays. Tours will beIIn at 3 p.m. at 
the Gilman Information Pavilion. Special group tours 
can be arranged upon request. 

The tours will Include some of the outdoor scul~ 
tures of the Stuart Collection. 

While the tour is free , a minimal UCSD parking fee 
will be cha,pd. 

Reservations are required. For Infonnation and 
reservations call 5344414. 

Kids Will Play POjI at ScrIpps to 
IIenefIt Toys for Toll . 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium Museum at Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography will be host to a PoiS game 
for children of Bies 3-12 on Sat., Dec. 3, from 10 a.m. 
to 2 p.m., In the aquarium's Smaraon COurtyard. 

The Pegs game will be part of Siammit, the All-
American Milkcap Game Tournament, with proceeds 
going to the U.S. Marine Corps "Toys for Tots" program 
and the aquarium and museum. . 

Several sports celebrities will be In attendance to 
cheer on the contestants. 

Children must pay $2 to play the Pogs, not includ-
Ing admission to the aquarium. 

Children of ages 3-12 will be admitted to the 
aquarium for free if they bring a new toy in Its original 
packaging. 

For more information call 534-ASH. 

ANNA VAISMAN, Opinion Editor 
FRANCISCO DEVRIES, Features Editor 

DAN KRAFT, Co-Sports Editor 
GREGG WRENN , Co-Sporls Editor 

rEDO LADD, Associate Sports Editor 
JEFF NI£ln, Hiatus Editor 

YAKOV ZOLOTOREV, Photo Editor 
CHUCK NGUYEN, AssociBle Photo Editor 

DOMINIC LOIBIA, Graphics Editor 
JEFF LARSEN, Design Editor 

WARREN HO, Production MIJII.r 

fIMOToellAPH .... : Timothy Chen. Catherine Hirota. Heidi Muzhik 
CO" --= Tammy Crawford 
TYPII1: E': VIU 
ADVIIIn.- AlSllTMT: Tlr. Eon 
CIRCULATION ""ITAtIT: PablO Manauy. Eth an Martinez . David ROdIe" 

.. OdNDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEl JiOULKS, Advert;si", Manllfer 
.. ICE MARTINEZ, Advertisinl DeS/l ner 

ITEPHAN MoKENZtE, ClaSSified Representlltive 

EdkorIIIl: 5~580, News/Features: 534-5226. 
-.r 

DOUG ALlXANDlER, Editor in Chief 
IIMONE MIWR, Copy Editor 

AlEXANDER THIESEN, News Editor 
TOM BARKLEY, Associate News Editor 

MARIANNE VIGIL, Associate News Editor 

IINIOIt IT.". Wltlllltl: [ lllne eemu..,. _ C ....... "'In Deilltlnth" . . ..... 
K. HuttO. Erik Johnson. Jonn, P .. mer 

OpInIon/Sport.: 5~S82. Hiatus: 5~583 
au ...... OffIce: 534-3466."'1'8.: 534-7691 

- 11.". wIInmII: Mllt AI ...... . Nln. IIoulMOn. Derek .... Hoften •• rent 
·JO/Insoll. Tony Kln&. Rob l evlnson. Ellzllbeth Mackenzie. Jeremey M .. emeo. 
Candice Mc,ertena. Heather MeRe •• Jennifer NicOl', _r. P ... am. Reac, 
M.ry 8etII 5ecII1Ck. Karen W"sh 
IU.UlTltATOIIS: Michl Croft. NetIIIn Ertln. Mike ~, ..... ,. l ... Rich YUmul 
DUI.II .... : MoII.n JoII"'e. a_n.llthlm. Paul. Lee. CI .... ~ 

UCSD Ii.,.",'"". 9500 Gilman Drlv. 0318, 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0318 

,.".... _ : - Floor. UCSO s_ Centef 1Iu~ 'A', 11m. 217 

Moada)', November 28,1994 The UCSD Guardiaa NEWS 3 

UC Students Pay More For Education, Study Finds 
. STUDY: Findings 
conflict with 
administration claims 
., ......... --
Associate News Editor 

The Universily of California is 
among the most expensive of 23 
comparable universities, according 
to a University of California Stu-
dents Association (UCSA) report. 

The study, which compared the 
total cosl of tuition, fees, room and 
board, found that the UC was the 
third mQst expensive institution 
among 24 mainly public universi-
ties, preceded only by the Univer-
sity of Michigan and Cornell Uni-
versity. 

UC ranked sixth among the 24 
schools when only tuition and fees 
were compared. 

The UCSA studied the same in-
stitutions which the UC administra-
tion has used for several years to 
claim that UC fees are lower than 
most public universities. However, 
the administration 's study compares 
only fees and tuition. 

MicbelleGosom,whocondudeci 
tbe UCSA survey, said that merely 
comparing tuition aad fees can be 
misleading. "The administration's 
inference that UC charges a com-
petitive price for their education can 
no longer be made," Gosom said. 
"There are additional expenses for 
which students pay for each year 
that are often overlooked but have 
iacreasingly weighed heavily on the 
student budget. .. 

Gosom also said that, despite ris-
ing fees, UC students continue to 
face a decrease in school services. 
"In fact, University of California 
students go through their college 
life experiences [in) overcrowded 
classes, [with) overworked admin-
istrators and faculty with too many 
constraints on their time," Gosom 
wrote in the study. 

.. For the money UC students are 
pay i ng now, they are bei ng forced to 
wait in long lines at the financial aid 
office and face busy signals when 
calli ng for information about their 
classes," he conti nued. 

The study found that Cornell 
topped the list at SI6,i06 per year 

for tuition, fees, room' and board, 
followed by the University ofMichi-
gan at $10,116. The UC, tbe study 
found, costs an average of $9,734 
per year, slightly more than Penn-
sylvania State University, which 
costs approximately $9,051 per year. 
The least expensive universities in-
cluded the University of Oregon, 
which costs $4,587 per year, and the 
University of Colorado at $4,182. 
The UniversilY of Nebraska was the 
cheapest university in the study. It 
cost 'Itudents only $1,591 per year, 
one-fifth of the cosl of the UC. 

All institutions receive a compa-
rable amount of state aid and are 
subject to the control of a board of 
regents or similar committee, ex-
pect Cornell, which is partially state-
funded but governed like a private 
university. 

However, UC Vice President for 
External Relations W~liam Baker 
told the Associated Press that the 
leaslexpensive schools were in low-
cost states. "The point there is, what-
ever you do in California, it costs 
more to live here than in other states," 
Baker said. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you vrepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you 
- spent on your education so far? H ow 

many thousands of hours? And now 
you have to take the MCAT. Is 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a situation like th is? 

to these tests, we work through MCAT passages every ti me 
the class meets. Nothing you encO'Untcr on the MCAT 

should be a surprise. 

R~orous essaJ·wriling werkshops 

Hyperlearning offers 
the most intensive PIFEII8UL 

You'll write thirteen half-hour essays. While this 
program improves scores dramatically, a few 

students need even more hdp. We'vc designed 
one-an-one writing sessions (five weeks 

each) for students who still have concerns MCAT prepara-tion available. 
W e work hard to 
give you the most 

< M ~AT > 
for your dollar . The 
most required hours, the 
most motivating environment, 

'lE.tllJr 
the most complete and current mate-
rials, and the most qualified instructors. 

The ItOgeSt, as! ctmplde, ind IIIISt 0._ rAT (00I1f mMIf 
• 12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-

nights). More than 130 total hours. No w imps need apply. 
• 2.5 hours per meeting, 44 separate meetings. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
• Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

about thi s important subscore. 

H~p with !he appticatioo proms 
We won't abandon you after the 
MCAT. We have interview and 

application resources, seminars, 
catalogs and profiles on all 126 
U.s. allopathic medical schools. 
We have a Mac intos h-
AMCAS application template 
so you can work on your appli-

cation until you're satisfied. Then 
you can laser print the final version 

on our system and send it off. 

If.o and rMiHigo 8Uf 1I£A1 (mf lor JOU • We help you re-Iea rn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and verbal material 
you'll need to get a winning MCAT score. All of our materials are subject to student feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skills SIIf(iiIiIN ilDlnKton wbe an tIpn1J iD IIIi tifW 

• You are taught by four {not one or two} spe-
cialized, MCAT -experienced instructors. 

• All in structors have earned at leut a 
Master's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside our course. 

demanded by the new format MCAT. We now offer 2600 
pages offocused review materials, hundreds of practice 
MCAT-style passages and five practice MeATs. 

ADJ quntiw? 
Just give us a call at 

800 MD-BOUND 
You'll take two diagnosiie tests in addition to two (1-800-632-6863) 
full-length MCATs just before the test. Taking the first diag- We'll make sure you 
nostic test early in the course will alen you and your instru.cton 10 ~ get what you've 
weak areas in both science knowledge and test -taking skills. In addition (al d ) 'd £i 

rea y pal or. 
.L1U •• _~_/~ ___ ._~ 

/711 J/-IIIII ·'lIIal ., III I~ . 
WHEII fI"S TIME 1'0 Sff SERlOUS ABOUT THE TEST." 

(iiI""...".,........."......,... ............ MeAT""" c ................... -w....,.. T",M c...",-"Aa.-t "'T ... ~ ... ..."....- .. ~. 
-.... ......... _01""'"C_.I ... 

Bakersaid that, although UCfees 
have more than doubled since 1990, 
one-third of the fees are used in the 
form offinancial aid. He added that 
this year's freshman class is larger 
and has more low-income students 
than ever before. 

Baker blamed UC fee increases 
on the state's prolonged recession 
and said that "The economic pres-

sures on the state are going to get 
worse, not belter. We' re just hoping 
to holdourownand I think we can," 
Baker said. 

The study was presented to the 
UC regents at their meeling earlier 
this month along with a bake sale in 
which the UCSA aimed to raise $145 
million by selling million dollar 
cookies. 

'EES, ROOM AND BOARD AllHE U.C-
Resident fee, plus room and board at the University of 
California rank third In comparison to some other major 
universities In the 19~94 school year. 

Cornell U. 

U. of CllUrom,. 

U_ ofT,xu 

DominIC Lobbla/ Guard,an 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

eOIQJl(b/a ;ereliT Rw/etll 
I ServIng the UCSD pl'Hnedlcai community sInce 1985 I 
* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'s-OF-THE-FUTURE * 

• INTENSIYE MCAT preparation & medical school application! 
admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MeAT EXPERIS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates, & English Departmenl 
Ph.D. faculty. 

• ORIGINAtOR not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
-13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction & real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, reading/writing workshops, review groups, 
med school application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

- - PAGg of Original taite-home review notes, reading & writing 
studyguides, MeAT & admissions stralegy handouts, problem sets, & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

- REAL MCAI JFS[ING for in-class & taite-home praclice. 
- PIper CONTACT with young UCSD docs &. med sludents. 
" lVI'OBlNG, pre-med library & med school application help included. 
- ON CAMPUS II \be UCSD School of Medicine. 
- WWEB TUITION than other courses. 

1~~liH]"~Ul~D 456-8488 
V Ihl' Ill",r II01in 
V Ihl' hnl ill\I/,IIc1ol'\ 
V I h l' hnl /If([ I l' ria I, 
V Ihl' hnl localioll 
V Ihe hnl /,('\1111\ 
V Ihl ' 101\'('\1 e()" 

San Diego's Intensive MeAT Prep Course! 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

DOUGLAS ALEXANDER. Editor in Chief 
SIMONE MILLER. Copy Editor 

AlEXANDER THIESEN. News Editor 
ANNA VAISMAN. Opinion Editor 

The UCSO GuardIan IS published twIce a week at the UnIVersity of Cahfomtl. san Oteto· Contents 
11:>1994 . VIeWS expressed !'\ere,n reptesent the "'IIfonty vote of the edItorial board. and are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board ot Recents. the ASUCSO. nor the entife Guam"n staff. 

UCSD School of Medicine 
Needs Greater Oversight 

Despite budget cutbacks and bloated administrative salaries, 
the University of California has, for the most part, retained it 
integrity for high academic standards, and its medical schools arc 
no exception. However, all too frequently, when there is trouble 
afoot the UC qUickly scuttles away behind its veil of quasi-legal 
immunity - the loophole exempting it from the state's laws. 
Again, the medical school arc no different. 

Less than two weeks ago, officials from the Medical Board of 
California began investigating the surgical practices of UCSD 
School of Medicine Dean John F. Alksne, after The San Diego 
Union-Tribune reponed $4.3 million in malpractice settlements 
in a Nov. 17 article. While these settlements date back over 12 
years, the medical board wa neve: informed of the matter until 
the article was published. The settlements were unreported because 
UC administrators used a legal loophole to replace its physicians' 
names with that of the university, for litigation. 

Legally, all physicians in California are required to report 
malpractice suits, a law with which the university has not had to 
comply. Fortunately, this law will change Jan. 1. 

The problem is not necessarily any malpractice that Alksne 
may have committed, but the lack of oversight within the VC's 
medical system. Gerard N. Burrow was the dean of the UCSD 
School of Medicine when the first of these cases was settled. Not 
only did Burrow not know about the cases, but UC regents also 
said that they, too, were uninformed. 

While some university officials, such as UC Regent General 
Counsel John F. Lundberg, claim that these reports need not be 
filed, because the physicians are employees of a constitutionally 
created state agency which is liable for their actions, the bottom 
line is that the university is a function of public consensus, and 
such actions must be reported to the public. 

For too many years, the UC has been legally sheltered from 
public opinion, a policy which must be drastically altered to 
conform to a democracy. Statewide administrators, particularly 
those from the educational sector, must work for the betterment 
of the public, because it is the public they were appointed to serve. 

Gingrich Masks Bigotry in 
Language of Tolerance . 

Conventional wisdom has it that the far-right flank of the GOP 
is doomed to fade into obscurity, and that the future of the party is 
in the hands of a new breed of "can-do" moderate Republicans. 
While this year 's election hardly conjures up images of civil 
politics or moderate politicians, Beltway pundits have pointed to 
the hard-nosed Rep. Newt Gingrich as an example of the Republi-
can shift. In an interview with The Washington Blade which was 
published last week, the soon-to-be speaker of the house said the 
GOP should reverse its traditional anti-gay agenda and adopt a 
position of "toleration." Unfortunately, his definition of "toler-
ance" leaves a lot to be desired. 

"I think that on most things most days, the vast majority of 
practicing homosexuals are good citizens," Gingrich told the 
Blade, noting that he has no problem with being friends or 
working with gays. In fact, he said, his sister is a lesbian. The GOP 
should neither condemn nor condone homosexuality, Gingrich 
said. "I don't want to see police in the men's room, which we had 
when I was a child, and I don't want to try educating kindergart-
ners in understanding gay couples." 

Though Gingrich strains himselfto be open-minded, he clearly 
expresses his belief that homosexuality is a pathology, an illness, 
which is unnatural and ultimately destructive. Characterizing 
homosexuality as an "orientation like alcoholism," Gingrich said 
that the notion of gay families was "madness," adding that the 
dominance of heterosexual families is necessary to keep the social 
fabric from unraveling. , 

While his stance may be more palatable than the hatemongering 
of the likes of Sen. Jesse "elms, it is particularly disturbing because 
Gingrinch masks his homophobia behind a fa~de of tolerance. This 
attitude is common: I don't Iulve a problem with homosexUIJIs, as 
long as they doll 't Iry not},in', as long as they don't flaunt it, as long 
as they don'I try to push it on society. As long as they quietly slay in 
the closet If tbis counts as progress, civil rights will continue to be 
an elusive goal for gays in the United States. 

The UCSD Guardian Thureday, Noyember 28,1994 

PINION 

Wor 1 d Crisis 

THE BUFFOONERY 
EXPOSITION 

COMMENTARY: The neck-to-neck race between Michael Huffington and 
Dianne Feinstein for U.S. Senate was too close for comfort 
By Brent Johnson 
Staff Writer 

History will mark the 1994 California elections as 
The Buffoonery Exposition. It's bad enough that we 
re-elected Pete Wilson as governor. It's worse that we 
made it next to impossible to repeal an economically 
faulty and ethically wrong three-strikes law. It's 
sickening that Californians thought that they would 
save $3 billion by voting for Proposition 187, only to 
find that we can lose $10-$15 billion 
in federal funding for an act which the 
Supreme Court will overturn as 
unconstitutional. But the worst, my 
Californians, is that a certain rich 
Texan was almost elected - Michael 
Huffington. 

to retaliate, as a nobody beat his bid for re-election. 
During the two years which he has served in Congress, 
Huffington has accomplished only one goal: He 
introduced a bill to expand the deductions for chari table 
donations. Wow, that's greal. 

Neither Huffington nor Feinstein had held national 
office before 1992. Yet, Feinstein has worked during 
this two-year span. Huffington has nol. He has done 
nothing to distinguish himselfto Califomia,and nothing 

to represent our state (other than 
disappearing erratically 'several times 
for several days from Capitol Hill). 
And then he wanted to represent 
California for six years in the U.S. 
Senate. 

Huffington was still in the race 
while most other races had long been 
over, because California, exhibiting 
its overwhelming IQ for a\l the world 
to see, had voted 46 percent for Dianne 
Feinstein and 45 percent for 
Huffington, with absentee ballots still 
being counted as of Nov. 14. 

People, it should never have been 
this close. 

Let's sec, Feinstein and 
Huffington, how to choose, how to 
choose .... Well, we could look P.t the 
two candidates' political records. 
Feinstein was a member of San 
Francisco's County Board of 
Supervisors and then served as mayor 
of the city for nine years. She ran 
against Pete Wilson for governor in 
1990. And Feinstein has served as a 
U.S. senator for a partial term of two 
years since 1992. In these two years, 
Feinstein has supported federal crime 
bills and bans on military assault rifles, 
and wrote the Desert Protection Act. 

Hufflngton 
allROst bought 
hlmHlfan 
office, much like 
he did In 1992. 

And you, California, nearly gave 
Huffington his choice spot. After 
reviewing all the issues, after reading 
the literature, after informing 
yourselves about ihe candidates, you 
almost elected him. Obviously, no one 
read any real background on 
Huffington. Many people, educated 
only by his television ads, supported 
Huffington because he spent his own 
money to support his own campaign, 
whereas Feinstein took in donations, 
just like a typical politician. Of course, 
Huffington supporters failed to notice 
that the donations were just that, and 
not taxes collected from the people. 

Had he won, It 
would haYe sent 
a clear m .. sage 
throughout the 
political world: 

Huffington used his own money -
nearly $30 million in a campaign which 
totaled $41 million. Huffington spent 
three times the amount that Feinstein 
spent on television ads alone. 
Huffington almost bought himself an 
office, much like he did in 1992. Had 
he won, a clear message would have 
been sent throughout the political 

Elections can be 
bought, If you 
put Inenou&h 
money. 

world: Elections can be bougltt, if you 
put in enough money. Huffington has served as a U.S. representative 

since 1992. Less than a year before thaI, he decided to 
change his state of legal residence from Texas to 
California. Many evidently felt that Huffington had a 
sufficient grasp on California politics to vote for him. 
Or perhaps it was the $5 million which Huffington 
spent on the campaign, blilzkrieging his district so 
thoroughly that Rep. Robert Lagomarsino wu unable 

If this is indeed thecase,as the closeness of the votes 
seems to indicate, can we have the audacity to call our 
system democratic? 

To answer Ihisquestion, we have to educate ourselves 
beyond television ads and colorful flyers. It involves 
simple research and (God forbid) a bit of critical 
thinking. 

Thureday, Noyember 28,1994 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Voters revolted against the status quo by casting their ballots overwhelmingly in favor of 
Republicans, who will be no better than their Democratic predecessors 

THE REPOCRATS' LUCK STOPS HERE 
By RMCIaII ROM 
Contributi", Opinion Writer 

This year's election campaign 
was an unpopuWity contest. Few 
positive solutions were offered; in-
stead, the vote was mainly against 
Washington. Though the election 
may have brought down many 
Washington bureaucrats and poten-
tial policies, it did not construct any-
thing better. 

Even so, the election results gave 
some reason for hope. When the 
Republicans fail, voters may finally 
realize that they should cast their 
ballots for third-party candidates. 

The 1992 election was also 
against Washington. Bush stood for 
stability, Clinton and Perot for 
change. Since most of us realized 
that America needed a new direc-
tion, Clinton was able to win. 

Two years later, Clinton has sup-
ported the policies he campaigned 
on, but now he and other Democrats 
are very unpopular. Why the shift? 
Conservatives say it's because the 
public was fooled in '92, and liber-

als say it's because the public is 
fooled now. However, both conser-
vatives and liberals are missing the 
point. 

What really happened is that 
Clinton addressed the right issues in 
the wrong way. Most Americans 
still agree, for example, that every-
one should have a right to medical 
treatment. But they don't agree that 
the health-care system should be a 
part of big government. The authors 
of Proposition 186 and Clinton's 
health plan tried to play down the 
role of government in their propos-
als. But they still would have made 
government hold the main power, 
and this is why Americans were so 
distrustful of health-care reform. 

We have now seen the limits of 
the Democrats' imagination. Clinton 
is not likely to propose any better 
foreign or domestic policies than 
what we already have. So, as the 
media predicts, Republicans will 
probably win the presidential elec-
tion in 1996. 

Politicians have been known to 

Illegal Immigration? 
Lower Ilieial 
Immigrants' lIylni 
standards. Taxe.? 
Cut taxes as much 
as possible, but, for 
now, start with the 
rich... Medical 
costs? Ditto ••• 
Moral stand_d.? 
We should pray. 

make comebacks in the past, but in -
the current political climate, voters 
are less likely to let them return. 

If the Republicans win in 1996, 
they will be offered the same deal as 
the Democrats got in 1992: They 
will have to find a way to make 
improvements on the status quo. 
And you can be sure they'll make as 
much of a mess as Clinton did. 

Republicans have no serious poli-
cies on the issues which people 
worry about the most. Illegal immi-
gration? Lower illegal immigrants' 
living standards. Taxes? Cut taxes 
as much as possible, but, for now, 
start with the rich. Foreign policy? 
Fight wars. Trade and international 
competition? Treat China well, and 
ignore its human rights problems. 
The environment? No such Ihing. 
Medical costs? Ditto. Crime? Em-
phasize revenge. Moral standards? 
We should pray. 

The Republicans are no beller 
than the Democrats. Perhaps by the 
elections in 2000, voters will be 
ready for a third party. This is the 

Roses are red, violets are blue. 

reason we can dare to be optimistic. 
Votingagainsllhe Repocrats is likely 
to lead to something beller. 

While some argue Ihatthird-par-
tics arc a cause of political instabil-
ity, they actually offer beller solu-
tions to our national problems. Third 
parties tend to emphasize cutting 
centralized government and seek to 
govern at a local level. 

Even more important than de-
centralization is democratic deci-
sion-making. Government can be 
local and still not democratic. We, 
the public, need to insist that we arc 
allowed to vote dircctly on major 
issues. There is nothing which would 
reduce bureaucracy so quickly, or 
restore as much faith in American 
values, as a public which insists on 
making its own decisions. 

These ideas aren't Democratic 
or Republican. They are anti-big 
government and pro-democracy. We 
can't expect current politicians to 
promote them, but we can rejcct the 
bureaucracy and accomplish these 
goals ourselves. 

We're stressed out from studying, and so are you. 

Domino's Delivers Right to Your Door 
On Campus and to Areas Around UCSD 
It's easy, convenient, andfast! 
1. Call Domino's Pizza at 4S2-UCSO. 
2. Place your order using your Plus Card. You'll need to give your 

student 10. number to the Domino's phone person. 
3. Your order will be delivered to your door in about 30 minutes!'" 

Call Domino's for delicious pizzas with your choice of three 
crusts and a variety of tasty toppings, Buffalo wings with special 
sauce, sub sandwiches, and new menu selections like garden 
fresh salad and yummy twisty bread with spices and parmesan. 

• Plus Card member must be present with valid 1.0. card to sign for the order when it arrives. , 
Limited delivery area. Delivery on campus and areas adjacent to UCSD. $5.99 minimum 
purchase requirtd for delivery. Valid at UCSD Domino' 5 PiZZIllocation only. 

PL~S 
Drivers carry less tfum $20.00. 

2 MEDIUM 
2-TOPPING PIZZAS 
Just Ask Sptcial 

FOR ONLy$]3 !! 11% 

10 BuFMio WINGS 
MARI~ATED in their own sauce and 

served with Ranch Dressing 

FORONLyS2~1n •. 
CALL USI4S2·UCSD : . 

r 
For more inj'omultion on Plus Cilrd, call 534-PLUS (7587). 

MEDIUM 2-TOPPING 
PIzZA, TWim BRUDTIO 
&2(oluf) MI $1099 • FOR ONLY""",.. . 
au USI4S2·UCSD : . 

2l.ARGE 
1-TOPPING PIzzAS 

"II FOR ONLYS) 5 !!14I • . CAU USI452·UCSD : . 
Good on oriSi!W or thin crust. Coupon required. Coupon required. Not valid With any other offt!r. 
Not valid WIth Illy other offer. Expires 1/31/95. Expires 1/31/95. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Cuardiaa 'l1uanday, Noyember 28, 19M 

CORNEUUS STEPS 
DOWN DUE TO UC POLICY 

Editor: 
Your report ("Briefly .. . U.S.-

Mexico Director to Step Down," 
Nov. 17) left the impression that 
Professor Wayne Cornelius planned 
to step down as director oflhe Center 
for U.S.-Mexican Studies because 
of disagreements between him and 
me. Nothing could be further from 
the truth. I cannot recall a single 
instance during my 12 years as the 
administrator, with oversight 
responsibility for the center, when 
Cornelius and I have been in 
disagreement. 

The decision to make a change in 
director of the center is solely the 
consequence of a UC policy which 
was established a decade ago, 
limiting the term of center directors 
to 10 years. (Given the grandfather 
clause in the policy, Cornelius has 
now served 15 years as director.) 
UCSD has been extremel y fortunate 
that Cornelius has been willing to 
serve as director for so long. His 
ieadership hasestablishedthecenter 
as the premier institution of its ki'nd 
in the world. I trust he will remain 
actively involved in the affairs of 
the center in a less formal capacity 
for many years to come. 

Richard Attlyeh 
Vice Chancellor for Research 

Dean or Graduate Studies 

1be Right to 
ArtIstic Expr ..... 
Editor: 

. UCSD Police Sergeant Tom 

READERS' 

FORUM 
TIle ~rdI .. IIItIc:omeI '-It.,.. ItId _ 
Ins /tom /Is 1NIMrI. AllIeUetI I11III1 be no 
/onIefIllMlIMle""'~' ~ 
1M .~. LeII8tI sItouI<I 1/10 com"", • 
p/IOM numoer. We,._ "" ~ 10 IdII for 

. Ien/lIh ItId cllltly. I.ellllfS 1lIIY lie dtoppId off 
• "" Gulrdl8l1 omc:. on "" IfCOIId IIoor of 
the old Sludent Center (rWhl .oo.e the Gen-
",11 Store Ccwp) Of sent by mill. Send III 
/ettefS to: 

The Guardian 
OpInion Editor 

9500 GlImIJl) Dr. 0316 
La JoNa. CA 9209J.0316 

Morris tries to blame students for 
asserting their right and 
responsibility of free artistic 
expression ("Student Reported 
TotingGun," Nov. 17). He laments 
the trouble caused by 
nonconformist and unusual 
activities on campus and claims, 
"Students just don't think it 
through." 

On the contrary , we students have 
been thinking, and that's why Morris 
is afraid. I found his remarks sadly 
familiar. It's the same rhetoric he 
tried to feed me after I was detained 
outside my campus apartment 11 
months ago by officers who didn't 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 COlta Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

e 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

"I-UCSD 

i L. 01011. VIII.,. Dr. 

I I. I.Gr. •• Dr. ! 
UTe 

II 
~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEl.,l GASOLINE" DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I : III Full Slrviel . $ 99 l 

: ~~~6~ P!! !A~! :3 ~ .. ~ t 
I C '\R WASil Not vatid with any other offer. SAVE 54.26 I 
I Expires 12131/94 • ~-----------------------. 

like the way I looked. 
Far from the censure which 

Morris and his ilk dish out, 
Professor Antin and her students 
deserve the thanks of the UCSD 
community for keeping the arts 
alive, even when faced with police 
repression. 

Were Morris to bave his way, the 
campus would be controlled, 
monotonous and homogenous. Such 
a campus certainly would be easy to 
police, but it could never encourage 
learning and exploratiqn. 

The UCSD administration, bas 
recently hired a new police chief 
who opposes the institution of a 
police review board, hss made it 
clear that it places more value on 
police power than learning. 

Matthew Belmoate 

Clteda.. •• ln 
......... Incorrect 
Editor: 

Jonna Palrner'Slrticle ("Students 
Assured No Mi~-Year Fee 
Increase," Nov. 21) is not entirely 
correct. Palmer writes that, in the 
past, the UC has compensated for 
the loss of state funding by 
decreasing the budget, suppressing 
salaries and increasing student fees. 
However, staff salaries were 
suppressed and reduced, while 
faculty salaries increased. Cost of 
living adjustments for facuIty were 
also raised, while staff cost of living 
adjustments were nonexistent. 

Dennis Sun 

At Kaplall, you don't ba,'e to wait for our fint 
class to get a bead start on tbe MeAT. 

Our learning emas help raise your score as soon as you enroll: 

8 KapIan's MeAT DilpOltic Test (XOfiIes your sariIg SIIeIl8Ihs aad \\abIesses, so ~'ou can set ycu II'Iimn& pis. 
8 KICIIm's Home SbuIy Notes mean you can take it with \'OU. IncIned.. iDusInIed and rader·frieodh·- over 

140(fpqes of scieix:e review. . 
.. KapIan's Bi& Picture Videos makes !iCim:e ~-ups "easymd~. 
A Kaplan's Traininl Ubrarv A..:IioIVtdeo LI:SlIin@ Lab V gtlts you access 10 ibe worlds Jaogest collection of \>ICAT 

lJII.'!ice materials. 
A Kaplan Tuton iJ'O'ide expert mdividuaJ insIrucuon 
., \IIIll you get it 1i£In. 

.~J1 tbis before ~'OU even brgm our class sessions ' 
-:;~. t' .. ·' _ 

1---()-~~ 

KAPLAN 
__ II .. TaT"", 

FIND 
-GET THE CoMPEtiiiVE EDGE! 

.,.. .... 
~ 
c... . 
.. 
.... 

........ 

...... 

...... 
MIt .... 

SaIeI 
I-

c..p.ten 
__ nil 
........... 

upstUs In the 
Student Center, 

above the 
General SUn, 

In today's competitive educational arena, it is so important 
to score well on entrance exams. If you're feeling anxiety 
buildup as the test date approaches, UCSD Extension can 
help your performance by familiarizing you with the for-
mat and content and by offering sample tests of the same 
level of difficulty as the actual examinations. 

Complimentary Enrollments for UCSD 
Seniors, Juniors, ilnd Sophomores! 
When: Friday, January 6, 1995 

Beginning at 8 a.m. 
Where: UCSD Extension Complex 

Registration Office 
9600 N. Torrey Pines Rd. Th~:~\ PL;;S .. , ..... . 

• • 
PREPARATION FOR THE GRE AND GMAT 

Marshall College c::: i3 r c:I • Price • ~((i;.A.!L'! . .. ..... .~ Center 
• • U ... 

. Se ~" r.u·"".. ~: 

.......... ~ ....... • • 
ow •••• •• ~ CUll M~ir Cie '''11 OVer.~c;O;.::A: ..... 100M : 

•••• ~kdlu( : f!I~ ..... . 
'. Student Center - "A 

a;:::; 9L.QY~~> ~~~ 
~ Revelle CoIlege:~~: U; · 

(Graduate Record Exam and 
Graduate Management Aptitude Test) 
GMAT Test Date: January 21, 1995 
GRE Test Date: April 8, 1995 
Preparation Course: 
January 10-19, 1995 

PREPARATION fOR THE LSAT 
• (Law School Admissions Test) 

LSAT Test Date: February 11, 1995 
Preparation Course: January 17-31 _11::::51::1 EXTENSION 

A DIvIsIon of UCSD ExtInded 
StudIes If1d PublIc SeMce 

FOR ADDITIONI\L INFORMATION. CALL 5343440 

TURKEY: 
CIIIII ............. 2 
which will continue until Dec. 9, 
according to freshman co-chair-
man Loren Kinsc:eI.CORE'sc:oin 
drive, which will collect money 
for the homeless until Dec. 4, has 
been more successful in the past, 
he said. 

"We are trying to reach out 
and bring ourselves closer to the 

' cominunities surrounding 
UCSD," Kinscel said. "While 
CORE doesn't limit itself to 
Thanksgiving activities, it's a 
time for giving and sharing." 

The UCSD Student Environ-
mental Action Coalition (SEAC) 
also encountered problems with 
its food drive, according 10 SEAC 
coordinator Satu Larson, a 

, Thurgood Marshall senior. "No 
one really seems 10 be in the 
spirit of giving," she said after 
the group had only received a 
few cans. 

However, the day before 
SEAC took the food to SI. 
Vincent De Paul's homelessshel-
ter, someone left 150 cans in the 
box. 

Larson said that the SEAC 
was partly reponsible for the food 
drive's failure, adding that more 
advertising might have helped. 
"A problem is that people usu-
ally don'tthink of SEAC as help-
ing people," she said. "That's a 
misconception. People are the 
environment. " 

Active Community af 
Thurgood Marshall (ACT) raised 
$280 from the residence halls 
and used it to buy Thanksgiving 
dinner and other items for fami-
lies and children. 

So I'm in 

~ 
!--

) 

SENATE: 
ContIn .............. 1 
put of anyone. " 

Two proposals were discusaed 
by the Academic Senate. The first 
slightly alters the language of the 
existing outline of procedure· to be 
used by the· Senate-Administration 
Council when considering certain 
initIatives. 
. The second proposal, drafted by 
Cornelius, was characterized as 
"more focused" than the original 
proposal submitted by Academic 
Senate Chair and Biology Professor 
Nicholas Spitzer, and also seeks to 
"formalize the process" of the con-

RANK: 
Continued from p8IIe 1 
King, editor of Science Watch, the 
lSI's newsletter which published the 
rankings. 

The indices kept by the lSI pro-
cess journals according to author, as 
well as maintain a database of previ-
ously published papers that research-
ers cited in their footnotes. Using 
these indices, the institute devised a 
ranking system using citation im· 
pact. 

Citation impact is a measure of 
the number of tirnes a paper is cited 
by other research. The number of 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

sultation procedure. 
Several faculty members ques-

tioned whether Or not more fnme-
work is needed, mentioning the pos-
sibility that the BTRC incident was 
an anomaly. 

Richard Attiyeh, dean ofGradu-
ate Studies and Research, defended 
the administration's actions in the 
incident, saying that there had been 
"no intent to keep anyone in the 
dark." 

Cornelius argued that his pro-
posed amendment draft would "shift 
responsibi lity to ensure broad evalu-
ation away from administrators ... 
to appropriate faculty representa-
tives." 

papers published by a university is 
divided by the number of times a 
paper from that university is cited in 
a given piscipline, to obtain an aver-
age number of citations per paper. 
This average is conside'red to show 
the "relative impact" of a 
university's research which is used 
for the lSI ranking system. 

King explained that the process 
is used because it allows smaller 
research facilities to compete fairly 
with larger universities, which turn 
out massive numbers of research 
papers. 

"It looks at the influence of re-
search, while having controls for 

Also at the medina. the chancel-
lor delivered his annual campus up-
date, highlighting student and fac-
ulty achievements and describing 
the state of the campus. 

Atkinson said that there was a 
record number of 24, 130 applicants 
for undergraduate enrollment for the 
1994 Fall Quarter. The entering 
freshmen class had an average grade 
point average of 3.8 and average 
combined SAT scores of 1111 . 
Atkinson also mentioned various 
awards and honors recently pre-
sented to faculty members. 

Atkinson reported that construc-
tion on a new library walk, which 
will extend south from the Univer-

differences in size and output," said 
King. 

However, thero is considerable 
controversy surrounding the use of 
citation analysis. "Some people 
think that it is a too simplistic 
method," explained King. 

An article written by Anna Nolan 
in Technology Ireland, discussed 
how many professionals feel that 
the use of citation analysis issubjec-
tive and may develop "deceptive 
results." 

King said that many profession-
als oppose citation analysis because 
it only reflects current trends in re-
search. 

NEWS 7 

lity Library to the new Classroom 
Building One, will begin in March. 
In the process, diseased eucalyptus 
trees will be removed and replaced 
with 600 new eucalyptus trees. 

Professors Christine Hunefeldt 
and John Marino were elected to the 
Senate Co.uncil, the executive body 
of the Academic Senate. 

The Representative Assembly 
approved the creation of an ad hoc 
committee to advise the Hearing 
Board on cases of academic dishon-
esty. The vice chancellor for re-
search and the vice chancellor for 
business affairs were both made per-
manent members of the Senate-Ad-
ministration Council. 

While admitting that it "doesn ' t 
tell the whole story," King said that 
citation analysis is still a viable rat-
ing method. 

"What we try to emphasize is 
that we are looking at citations be-
cause they are the judgment of the 
scientific community at large," he 
said. 

David Pendlebury, another mem-
ber of the Science Watch editorial 
staff defended citation analysis in 
Technology Ireland, saying, "it gives 
objective measures of performance, 
it is quantitative and authoritative 
and it provides a unique, global 
view." 

Apply to he the Next 
GUARDIAN NEWS EDITOR 

Submit clips, resume and cover letter to: Doug Alexander, Editor in Chief 
The UCSD Guardian, Room 217, Student Center Building 'A' 

H 

13 
Repel ... 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I SUzuki Mazda 
Mlbubl.... ISUlU Acura []slIrISl'.t 

Excellent references from our utlsfled customers/ 

-Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1 . Spar\( plugs aur tune up includes. lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brak86 damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check clutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road test 

35-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fueI·injected. aur major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

, . CompreIIIan -2. ....... ~ 11 . A~st dmlng 20. Lube front end 28. Check and recharge 
........ 12. A~st dwelr angle 21 . Check & reptenish al batteries. If necessary 
3 ....... _ a-MI 13. ust carburetor IkJid & oil levels 29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
. "........ 1.. st air & fuel ratio 22. Check etectrical system 30. Check tire pressure 

4 ap.to..... mixture 23. Check for loose & lost 31 . lube door hinges 
5' ~potnII 15. Adjust st~ng box bolts 32. Chad< all holders 
" CancIoNn • 16. Adlust clutch 24. Check brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
7: AIr_.· 17. Ad!"st brakes 25. Check clutch hoses 
, 01_ 18. Adjust emergancy brakes 26. Ch~ lights 34. Chad< exhaust system 
. : o.. ... ..:t 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road test 
10. EngIneOi ,be.s for damages 

No.: lor kyIIndof "",sodd S20. T OYOIO &4>< ... add S30. DalSYn 200SX with 8 _k plugs. add $35. 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 

, . T,."..,..., __ .. ( ..... _l 
2 . ....... 3. __ _ 

4._ ........ 5._ .... 
•. _-....011 7. __ ---.. ........... ...4l1li._ ..... 

... -

Brake Job $38 * Special (reg. $80) 
Front or rur. BfIkI job includ#ls: 5. __ brW sysI1m 

~-:-plllS"-'- 6 AdjuIIfTont (llclnlmslllld 
2. DrIiR old ... au.. • ~= front rotor ... (H 
3 . ...,... ...... lII***sysIOm -.-1 
4. _1IydrIIIIic1loid '._1ISt 

Timing Belt Special $99* 
IrInd new p.rts. AIII.bout our Iplcl.11 on englnel. All our WaR hal. 2-, •• r or 

2O,IOO-mU. limited wamnty. All prlcn Include parts and labor. 

~ 800a Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

.3."". q'Jt a_ I oa 'nt:» ~ Sa UOJeq tTPl Ol '.lmrpl -1 • pwq I 



8 NEWS 

LIGIITS & 'SIRENS 
Liehts & Sirens is 8 selection of 
entries compiled from the /of book 
of the UCSD PoIictI DepMtment. 

au,." Nov. 20 
2:10 10m.: OffICers pursued a felony 
warrant suspect on foot at Ardath 
Rd. and La Jolla Shores Dr. OffICers 
recovered illegal weapons and pos-
sible stolen property from the 
suspect's vehicle. 
4:21 I.m.: OffICers reported a bat-
tery and assault with a deadly weapon 
on a UCSD student off.<:ampus. 
12:24 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of bicycle parts from the 
Marshall College residerlCe halls. 
Loss: $350. 
1:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of fIVe wetsuits and two surf-
boards from the Muir College apart-
ments. Loss: $700. 
MondIy, Nov. 21. 
8:15 10m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of computer equipment from 
Engineering Buildi~ Unit I. Loss: 
$1.400. 
9:25 I.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a CB radio from a vehicle at 
the Muir College apartments. Loss: 
$210. 
10:40 I.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a gray Motiv bicycle from the 
University Extension. Loss: $210. 
12:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a wetsuit and surfboard from 
the Muir College apartments. Loss: 
$70. 
5:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a blue '92 GMC van from Lot 
604. Loss:$16,ooo. 
T ..... y,Nov22. 
2:13 p.m.: A 59-year-old female non-
affiliate suffered from a stroke at the 
Fire building. Transported to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital. 
2:30 p.m.: Officers detained a 17· 
year-old female non-affiliate for be-
ing a danger to herself and others at 

the Intemal Medicine Group. TfBlls-
ported to the UCSD Medical Center 
for evaluation. 
2:40 p.III.: All 1Syear-01d male stu-
dent cut his head at the Marshall 
Colleie residence halls. Trsnsported 
to Student He8lth. 
Wedn .. .,., Nov. 23 
12:00 p.m.: Officers arrested a 27-
year-old male non-afIiHate for illegal 
use of a handlca~ placard at Lot 
101. Cited and rf1Ieased. 
4:35 p.m.: Officers arrested a 21-
year-old female student for Illegal 
use of a handicapped placard at Lot 
101. Cited and released. 
8:11 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a white '89 Mercury 
Tracer from Lot 604. Loss: $2.100. 
T1Iu"'y, Nov. 24 
2:10 I.m.: Officers arrested a 33-
year-old male non-affiliate for driving 
while under the Influence of alcohol 
at La Jolla Village Dr. Transported to 
County Jail. 
2:58 I.m.: Officers arrested a 17-
year-old male and a 16-year-01d fe-
male for violation of curfew at La 
Jolla Shores Dr. Released to Par-
ents. 
Frlclay,Nov.25 
2:07 Lm.: Officers arrested a 24-
year-old male non-affiliate for out· 
standing warrants for posession of a 
controlled substance, traffic viola-
tions and transit violations. Trans-
ported to City Jail. 
8:40 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a blue Toyota truck from Lot 
208. Loss: $4,000. 
Saturday, Nov. 26 
4:45 I.m.: Officers arrested a 42-
year-old male non-affiliate at StorFac 
for posession of drug paraphenalia, 
driving with a suspended license and 
giving false information to a peace 
officer. Cited and re/ellsed. 

~ompIled by ErIk JoIInIon, 
SenIor Stiff Writer 

Koaday, Noy __ 28, 19M 

m 

"1 1995 
I JD(i~ ,'« 

. #; 

f£ xperience the splendor of England, am:! eal1'l.::eight Wlits of credit towards your UC degree through the UCl Summer Session Cambridge Program. Discover the unique wonders of Great Britain as you study your favorite subjects at 
Pembroke College, the third oldest of the famous Cambridge colleges. . 

If you want to travel and earn units toward your degree, then make Cambridge your 
summer destination. 

To receive a program brochure, please caU Tom at the Uel Summer Session Office, 
(14) .824-5493. or write P.O. Box 6050, Irvine. CA 92716-6050. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Seruf mt injorTtUltion on tlie 'llCl SummtrProgram in cam6rit1ge, 'Engfana. 

Name 

Address 

City ____________ State _______ .Zip _. _______ _ 

Telephone ___________________________ _ 

994-UCSO 

An Exciting Series . 

-au Pulse. is idicautf to 
mating sure you're getting tIit 
6tst smJices anti protfucts we 
can give you. 7ts t~ manager, 
1n!I j06 is to ~ your day a 
fittk tIlSiu - may6e sfiow 
you Iiow you can ~ your 
wortfoota little. 6etttT. tIfit. 

ue San Diego BOOKSTORE 
Wednesday Night Live Guests 

Nov. 9 No program - Bookstore will close at 6:00. 

Nov. 16 Dr. Henry Powell 
"Books & Other Things Irish" 

Nov. 23 William Luvaas 
Going Under • 

Nov. 30 V.S. Ramachandran, M.D., Ph.D. 

Of Lectures, Readings 
And Performances 

Hosted By The 
UC San Diego Bookstore 

6:00 PM - 7:00 PM 

Professor of Neuroscience, Cognitive ScierlCe 
and Psychology 
' How the Brain Generates Human Nature' 

Peter Irons, Professor of Political Science 
Brennan ys. Rehnquist 

Dec. 14 Jerome Rothenberg, Professor of Visual Arts 
and Bert Turetzky. Professor of Music 
"Textsound: A Performance of Poetry and Music" 

PULST. is ~re to answer your nutfs, fJ1ia.t's wfiy we're 
riglit on campus. WeTt a ptirt Of tIU aunpus community. JI 

TECHNOLOGY CENTla 

IW ~~ c.,;. ... AtulMMWI 

Copies • FUm • Supplies • Sip production • Computer anphia 
Open: Mondar ct.ru SaturdaJ 

~ 6I'-677·fOOO 
L.GCIIIId on thellallld IGor oflhl ,.... c:..r 

Plus Card and Campus R£'charge acc£'pted 

Mond.,., NOYember 28, 1994 

BUILDING: 
Department plans for 
future growth 
ContInued from ..... 1 
years to come," Conn said. 

The school of engineering now 
educates 2,517 undergraduate and 
470 graduate studen'ts, with an ex-
pected increase in graduate student 
enrollment. The current faculty of 
approximately 100 members also 
expects to add another 25 members 
to its four departments. 

The engineering department is 
currently working to identify "thrust 
areas," where it can either maintain 
or achieve national prominence. 

Engineering professor Ramesh 
Jain unveiled his team 's work in one 
of the thrust areas, 'with the 

ROBOGEST vehicle. 
The robot, a merger of the ve· 

hicle-navigation and gesture inter-
pretation projects, started as a joke 
over lunchtime, Jain said, but the 
successful robot-car is one of the 
only projects of its kind in the coun-
try. 

The technologies developed in 
the vehicle and its control system 
could one day be used to control 
robots in hazardous environments 
or produce autonomous transporta-
tion. 

"If you want to consider the ulti-
mate goal, the intelligent car would 
be like the one on the TV program, 
"Knight Rider," Jain said. For now, 
the vehicle is limited by the com-
mands it receives from an off-board 
driver giving hand-gesture direc-
tions. 

f' 

Heidi Muzhik/ Guardian 

TOP: The new enll"""'" bulldl.,., featurlnl aWlrd-wlnnlnl 
.chltect ... , W_ constructed to .. low the department to keep 
pac. with Its ".., ... Ive &rowth plan." 

ABOVE: A technician fine tu .... the NASA.funcleel ROBOGEST, a 
, .. ture-drlven vehlcl. which Is one of the enllneerln, 
department'. "t .... t .... " fOr r .... clt Ind development. 
LEn: A ,ulded tour w .. part of Tuesday'. dedication ceremony 
for the $32 million bulldl.,., which will house administration 
offIc_, laboratorle. and computer and teachlnl rooms. 

LJt==SI::) 
BOOKSTORE 

-

NEWS 9 

COL;OR 
~ ~ 

'?t : "'" 

FEED YOUR BRAIN 

November 28·December 16 
Just bring in any roll of color 
print film for developing and 
when you I?ick it up, we'll give 
you a certificate for a 5x7 color 
enlargement from your favorite 
negative - NO KIDDING, NO 
CHARGE! N ARGEMENT 

!'om yOur ~ietldS at the 
tore aft ~ e[[e SundJ''l Store 



10 FEATURES 

Rabbit pate. 

ANNIE PAIK 
Revelle 
Junior 

Once, my friends dared me ... I 
ate two mud patties with crick-
ets inside. I was going to get 
20 bucks, but they weren't sat-
isfied. r had to eat a live pray-
ing mantis. 

KEITH RAY 
Revelle 
Senior 

The UCSD Guardian 

WHAT'S .THE 
MOST 

DISGUSTING 
THING 

YOU'VE EVER 
EATEN? 

Intervl.w ..... 
Photo ........ ,by 
cathy Hirota 

Once, I ate a live goldfish. 

PAM BENJAMIN 
Thurgood MarshaU 

Senior 

PARK IT 
HERE 

Instead of roaming the parking lots, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax. 
Enjoy yourself. Tum up your headset. Look at the scenery for a change. Talk. Cram for a test if you have to. 
Why drive yourself nuts when students can ride for only $39 a month. As many rides on buses and trolleys 

as you want. Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

Th. 10.' •• To Know To G., Wh.r. You Wanl To Go 
Four San Diego Transit routes serve UCSD. Chances are, one 
will take you directly where you want to go. If not, an easy 
transfer connects you to bus and trolley routes going every-
where in the county. Urban Fare $1.SO, Express Fare 
(Rts. 30 & SO) $1.75. • 
Route 30. Express between Downibwn San Diego and USIU 
via Pacific Beach, La Jolla, Torrey Pines Road, UCSD, VA 
Hospital, University Towne Centre, Miramar Rd., Mira Mesa 
and Scripps Ranch. 
Route 34. Downtown San Diego to University Towne Centre 
via Loma Portal, Mission Beach, Pacific Beach, La Jolla, La 
Jolla Shores, Scripps Institute, UCSD, V A Hospital, Scripps 
Hospital, UCSD Housing, La Jolla Village Square (34A only) 
and North University City Housing (34A only.) 
Ro.te 41. Torrey Pines Golf Course to Fashion Valley via 
Scripps Clinic, UCSD, VA Hospital, University Towne Centre, 
University City, Clairemont, Mesa College and Linda Vista. 

Route SO. Express between Downtown San Diego and La Jolla 
Village Square via Oairemont, University City, University 
Towne Centre and VA Hospital. Note: Rt. 50 does not serve 
the campus direct. It travels on. La Jolla Village Drive. 
Free bus rides around campus for UCSD students, faculty, staff, 
grad students and spouses. Just bring your UCSD photo ID to 
the UCSD Transportation Alternative at 406 MAAC or call 
534-RIDE. 
Monthly bus and trolley passes for students are only $39 at the 
Cashiers Office, 201 University Centcr (with valid seudent 10). 
Free Campus Bus Route Maps and bUlschodules are availablc 
at the Transportation Alternative or RIDESHARE boards 
throughout campus. 

Need More bUI information? Call 

233-3004 
five day. a week, .5:30 '.m. and 8:30 p.m., Sat. "Sun. 8 a.m.-.5 p.m. 

(TYY or hearing impaired only, 234-SOOS) . 

S.n Diego TrIIn.1I • 

Monday, November %8,1994 

I ate a handful of sow bugs my 
freshman year in high school. 
I just plopped them like pills. 

CECELIA LUCERO 
Thurgood MarshaU 

Senior 

TIiANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 
Gilman DrMIlnfo BooIh 
Communicllliona Bldg. 
Torrey p;". Cent ... 
No. T.P. 11110 BooIh 
Scripps Library __ .. ~ 
Scripps SnacI< Bar uY~ 
Neuremberg Hall. SIO c;.""-

St. Germain's 
Cal Copy BJ·. Piueria 
Kinko's 
Ralphs 
Vans 
PoIer'I yogurt _ ~ 
Weateln BIigII .......-1~ ......... 
BIg Bear ~-
Soup ExchInge 
Subway 
Zebraeopy 
MIIagto lIMn 
Koala Yogurt 
Taco Bell 
N-.Etc. 

---

l.ucIcy'a 
Haagano. 
ZanzIbIr 
cnCr_ 
IIoney'a 
VonI 
Soup ExchInge 
Dragan HouIa 

Ban & JIrry'I 
VOnI 
SponMln 
l.ucIcy'a 
.....,. 
Aloe King 
8ub8lap 
AabeI10I 

Monday, November 28,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

REE[K'C LUMNS 
. . '. . 

Sigma Nu and Pi Beta Phi 
Sober Driver Program 

One of the most pressing 
issues within the Greek 
Community is that of liability 
resulting from irresponsible a1rohol 
related behavior. Due to the 
absence of Greek housing at UCSD, 
as well as the lack of housing close 
to campus, students have found 
themselves in a precarious position. 
In search of parties and social 
gatherings, young men and women 
are drawn away from the 
pedestrian confines of the campus, 
subjecting themselves to the fast-
paced automobile oriented city. It 
is here in the nightclubs of Pacific 
Beach, downtown San Diego and 
Tijuana, that students find 
themselves in a predicament. 
Without thinking a head, many lack 
a sober driver and opt to drive 
while under the influence of 
alcohol. This is a sad, yet all too 
common occurrence. The ideal 
solution to this situation would be 
for the students to take 
responsibility for their actions by 
either abstaining from drinking or 
designating a sober driver. 
Experience with human nature 
proves that this is hardly ever the 
case. The need for a safe and legal 

way home therefore becomes 
blatantly obvious. 

In 1991 the Sigma N u and 
Pi Beta Phi chapters organized UC 
San Diego's first sponsored Sober 
Driver Program. The Sober Driver 
Program has aUowed all of those 
people who have berome inebriated 
after drinking, at various locations 
scattered around all of San Diego 
County and Tijuana, a safe ride 
home. Every Friday and Saturday 
night, four Sigma Nu men and four 
Pi Beta Phi women spend the 
evening together awaiting calls 
from their members. On nights in 
which their chapters have large 
social fu.nctions, additional drivers 
are assigned in order to 
accoinmodate a greater need for 
sober rides home. All of the 
members of both of these 
organizations have the phone 
number to the program's pager. The 
'pager system notifies the chapter 
members H on call" that someone is 
in need of a safe ride home. The use 
of a pager aJlows the caller to leave 
the phone number or a message on 
a voice mail system as to their 
whereabouts in the event that they 
find themselves unable to drive. 

This not onl)' facilitates a quick 
response time, but also allows the 
callers to use public phones (many 
of which do not have call back 
capacities). The pager system also 
has the added advantage of 
allowing those members N on caD" 
certain freedoms such as notbeing 
restricted to a stationary location. 
These members are able to go out 
to dinner or enjoy other evening 
activities while on duty. 

After three years of 
success in the running, many other 
Greek chapters have foUowed in 
the program'i\ footsteps . Sigma 
Nu and Pi Beta Phi program and 
those programs similar to it 
provide a sane alternative to 
driving drunk, taking 
responsibility for the safety of 
members of the Greek system as 
well as that of the community. 

Don't Drink 
and Drive! 

Sports 
Corner 

Testosterone, Adrenaline, 
Blood, Sweat...these are the 
components of Panhellenic/lFC 
flag footbaU. The series of football 
games began on November 14th, 
and ended with the finals on 
November 19th. This year, the 
competition was tough. What was 
supposed to be fun and games, 
turned violent. Many of the guys 
left the field with broken bones, as 
many of the girls were left bruised, 
scratched and teary-eyed. 

HI thought that it was 
supposed to be fun," stated a new 
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma 
as she revealed her bruise, which 
was the color of coal and the size of 
a grapefruit. But then again, it is 
football. And although the 
competition was really intense on 
the field, off the field everyone still 
remained friends. And despite all 
of the injuries, everyone seems to be 
excited about next quarter's sports 
line·up. The final scores were 21-6, 
TKE defeating IX, and 25-18 KKr 
over KAe. Who will be in first place 
next quarter in the race for the sports 
banner? 

All Campus 
Safe Rides 

Outstanding 
Greek 

What would you think of 
a sober driver program 
which serves the entire 
campus of UCSD? A 
program which would 
provide safe rides home to 

everyont;, but sponsored and run 
by the Greek Community? This 
program is being brought to life by 
two people, Allison Booth of Kappa 
Kappa Gamma and Colin Israel of 
Tau Kappa Epsilon. 

The purpose of the 
program is to provide Greek 
transportation and to decrease the 
number of intoxicated drivers at 
UCSD. It will also prevent the 
number of accidents in the 
rommunity as well as increasing 
Greek relations in the public. 

This program, in effect, 
will take place on Frid.y .nd 
Saturday nights from 8:00 p.m. to 
2:00 a.m .. Twelvevolunteers, which 
would consist of three to four 
members per chapter from two 
sororities and two fraternities, will 
be required to donate their time 
four weekends. year in order to 
keep the program running 
smoothly. There will be an 800 
number which students can caD in 
order to reach a dispatcher, who 
will then send out one of the four7-
9 paseenger vans to pick them up. 
TIUs progiam is not intended 10 be 
abused IS a taxi service though, as 

drivers are instructed to bring 
callers directly home. 

"Hopefully this will 
become a model for other 
universities to follow: states 
Allison. They also hope to receive 
sponsorships in order to provide 
food and entertainment to those 
who volunteer. The only way that 
this program is going to take off is 
with your help. If anyone is 
interested in helping with the 
program or know anyone who 
would like to sponsor the program, 
please contact the Panhellenic/lFC 
office at 534-6657, or drop a note in 
the Greek Columns mailbox (F-37) 
on the third floor of the Price Center. 
Thank you. 

Upcoming Events ••. 
Dea>mber LAD Greek Study Break 

6p.m. Porter'l Pub 
Wear your letters! 

December 5-9.Good luck with finals! 
January 9 ....... lnstruction bepla 
January 25 ..... MA PhiJantropy auction 

"You can't always get what 
youwant. .. 
But if you try real hard you Juse 
might find, 
You set wtuat you need." 

-The Ro1Iing Stones 

It ' s Thursday nighl. 
While most students are heading 
home after a long day of classes, 
Karin Morris heads to UTe. The 
ice rink at UTC to be exact. As a 
volunteer for theSperial Olympics 
the blonde hair, blue eyed Los 
Angeles native spends two hours 
a week training people with 
mental retardation in the art of ice 
skating. Morris usually teaches 
approximatelY-ten people ranging 
in age between eight and forty 
seven. Her role is to prepare them 
to skate at a competitive level. "It 
makes me feel great just to be able 
to work with them, " she says 
beaming. "You get a great 
personal feeling that you're 
helping the rommunity." 

When . Morris isn't 
helping out with Special Olympics, 
she's in trAining herself at the San 
Diego Ice Arena. Skating is 
something she's enjoyed since the 
age of ten. With the help of her 
trainer, Bob Pell.ton, she strives 
to remain at a competitive level. 

Now entering her fourth 
year as an animal physiology and 
neuroscience major, Morris is 
starting to consider graduate 
schools with programs in physical 
therapy. She is also looking into 
volunteering for a physic. I 
therapilt next quarter in order to 
gain someexperiena in that field. 

With a hectic 
schedule both in and out of 
school, Morris still finds time 
to actively participate in 
sorority life. She is in her 
fourth year of membership 
in the Kappa Kappa Gamma 
sorority. For Morris, being Greek is 
more than a part of her social life, 
it's part of herfamily heritage. MMy 
whole family's in the Greek 
System," she admits with a grin, 
Nit's been important in my college 
life." 

P"w,kfr/C S-tli"8' 
~ ~ 5gn 

I KKr 210 
2 AXQ 117's 
J !CAe uo 
4 l:K 145 
5 xc 135 
6 RIM> 125 
1 M6 111.5 
• AOIl 80 
• AI' 80 

/Fe SIII""i",. 
..,. I'IIIaIIIIx 

1 tA£ 
1 11(E 
3 l:X 

0 .... Columna Editor 
Tanya Brittin 

co. ....... __ 
..... Dllc-. 
00IP*-~ 

Happy Holldaya ... 
From a" of UI at 
Greek Columna' 

Do you know who invented test preparation 
over 56 years ago? KAPLAN· established 
1938. Call1-800-KAP TEST . KAPLAN ......_ ................ .. 

reek __ of A8UC8O or .. 0uMIian. 

COLOR USED 

11 



Monday, Nonmber 28,1994 The UCSD Guardia. 

~~~~~R~~ THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 
lOUrs at ucso for San Diego residents and vis~or,. Mini, 
van tours are available the Irst and third Soodays at each 
month, starting at 3 p.m. flom the Gilman Inlormation Pavil· 
Ion. Walldng IOUfs are offered on alternative Sundays. also 
ItMlng at 3 p.m. trom the Gltman Pavilion. Special group 
lOIn can be arranged upon requeal. The lOIn Include !IOITl8 
01 the Stuart CoIleclion 01 OI4door ICuiplures. and do no! 
Include building interiors. There is a minimll UCSO parlcing 
.... Reservations are necessary, and may be made by cal· 
ing 53-4 .... 14. 
.9-4:30 p.m. The OASIS Writing Cetaf I. a tree service 
lor UCSD Itudenls. We oller Individual wrting confefences 
lor any type at writing project: papers. perIOO8I stlllamenls 
IIIICI creatiYe writing. Call 534-22&4 lor an appointment or 
aopby cuoflce in the old SLdant Centw, BuoIdngA, R00012t4. 
• OASIS ~nguege progrem provides tree tutoring as-
sistance to students whose nallvelanguage Is not English 
IIIICI to thOle doing work in Spanlstl, French and R~. 
A diagnostic test on written English Is available on request. 
Monday-Thursdays 1I:00-4:30pm and Fridays 9:00am-
3:00pm. Cail53-4·2284 lor more Information or drop by our 
oIfica at Student Center Building A, Room '2t 4. 
• Lat OASIS Study IIINtement Center help you this 
quarlerwith time management. not9laldng and ed~ing . text· 
book _/)'lis. memory. flexible/speed reading, vocabulary 
development. and GRE Preparation Workshops. Stop by 
York Hall 40t 0 or call 534·7344 to set up a personal ap. 
pointment. Also. stay on the lookout for those valuable OA· 
StS Study Sl<ilts Workshops. Monday-ThurSday 8:00 a.m .. 
4:30 p.m .• and Fridays 8 a.m.·1 :00 p.m. 
• Mentor If you're graduating this quarter and job·seek· 
ing, we'lI match you with a professional in your field of inter· 
est who will get you started networking in the Iocat job mar· 
ket Sign up at reference room desk. Free. Career Services. 
• Prof ... IoneI/Gr.d .... School Adv"'ng Daily appoint· 
ments available for issues related to admission 10 profes-
sional or graduale school. Call 534·4939 Career Services. 
.8 a.m.-4 p.m. StGt + Computer-bated progl1lm of CI-
rMr Inforrrllltion designed to help you clarify your skills 
values and interests. For more info, come to Career Ser· 
vices Center. $tO. 
.1 :3().4 p.m. DrofHn Aclvt"ng For help WIth career goalS, 
job hunting, resume preparation and related issues. No ap· 
pointment needed. just walk in. Career Services. 

Tuesday, November 29 
• t 2 p.m. Merkelable R.aume. Learn how 10 make a posi. 
tlve first impression with your resume. Free. Career Ser· 
vices. 

Thursday, December 1 
• 11 a.m. Job Search 101. 80% of all lob vacancies are 
unadvenised. This workshop will teach you lhe most effec· 
tive way to find them. Free. Career Services. 

LECTURES/SEMINARS 
Tuesday, November 29 

• 4 p.m. Phy$icat Chemislry Seminar, Professor Raben 
wens of the University of Washington. will present "Inlre, 
red Spectre and SceIIertng Cro.s-Sectlans for Acety-
.. ntc Van der W .. le.· Location: 2 t 02 Urey Hall. Hosted 
by Professor John Simon, 534-6699. 

Thursday, December 1 
• t 2 p.m. Biochemistry Seminar, Doctor Xiang·Oong Fu of 
the Department of Medicine. Howard Hughes Investigator. 
Uriversity of California. San Diego, will present "Regula-
tion of RNA Splicing IncI Cell Cycle Control" Localion: 
CMG Lecture Room. Host: Dr. Susan Taylor 53-4-3677. 
.3:30 p.m. Colloquium Series, Dr. Dennis Pefftey Irom the 
Chicago Medical School, Department of Pharrnw:oiegy and 
Molecular Biology, wi. present "Regutettan afHMG-CoA 
ReductaM by Oxyal8fO/a and Mevalonel •. " Location:Ue 
Sciences. Room 101 at San Olego State University Molecu-
lar Biology InsthtU. Host: Skal Krisans. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Ongoing 

• Come and CheCk out your pIlysicat fitnesst Sign up for 
flTSTOP for a personal. free physical fitness assessment. 
Sign-up' are downstairs In the Student Health Center. 
• Start the year off rigt-.. GET IN SHAPE I Come to Student 
Health SeIVice8. second floor, sign up for a FREE Frtness 
Assessment. Call 534-24t9 for Info. 
• FREE SEXual Health Information at Student Heallh. 
Learn abotl birth control and STDs from Student Heafth 
Advocates on the 2nd ftoor. Call 534·2419 for Information. 
• HIw you Indulged In one too maov junk Iood IIInges? 
Klep tabs on 'fOIl cholesteroi level by coming to Student 
HMNh. Call 53-4-241 iii lor lChedule . 
• GET IN SHAPE WITH FIlWALK. FrH fitness walking 
prognllll aponaored by Student Heakh Advocates. WWfThl 
F 12-12:5Opm, MlTIITh 4-4:50 p.m. TIITlIII vary each quar· 
III. For mort Information CIII 534-1824. BrIng a friendt 
• FREE Condomsl 00 you know aboI.C HI¥? ~ you have a 
group at 10 or more you CIII reqUHI an HIV Peer Ed~ 
Program. WeI tailor a program to mMI yow groupI ~. 
• flu ..... IVIIIIaIIIe _1IuHnI ....... 1eMoM. f'Io. 
lid yourIIIf lor this ~ __ art Only I5It MlTIiTh 8-
11 a.m .. Wed 11-11 I .m .. FII8-11 I .m. A 1-3 p.m. 

• want to lelln more aboI.C aexual heafth I_? AIIend a 
W_ InuII ...... 1nforrMtIon SftaIon: its FREE. 
Come to the I800nd floor 01 Student Health StMon M0n-
day, 2:00. Tuesdays and Thursday. 10:00 and t :00. 
Wedneldayl 11 :00 and 1 :00. 
• Looking to imprlMl yow haaIth? Come to the IIICOIld 
floor at Student Health StMont FREE NuIrItIoIIII ....... 
A. ___ , ChoietIeroIlCf~ only 15. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
~ 

• The Ch6 CaM CoIIec:tM II looking lor member.. 00 
you lilee to cook? Do you want to learn how? Drop by the 
ChII Cate d~ing businna Inn: M·F t t a.m. · 2 p.m., W 4 
p.m.·6p.m. 
• Want to get Involved with a Clwistllwl group thai hal a 
sincere heatt lor God? Come IIIICI chac:lc CIA CenIjIua CN-
ude for ChrIItI FOf more inIormaIion call Mall. eel -1663. 
• The W_ "-rca Center We encourage new (and old) students to come In and become farnItIar with our 
many aervices and di8Cuasion groups. We are tocaIed In 
the Student Center. right next 10 A. S. Lecture Notes. Drop 
by and say Hil 
• Give INICII to y_~re by promatlllg __ ,.. 
". ... mong the Allen Communltyl n IaIceI orlIy 3 hours 
per monttI to participate In an ClAreech. II you have any 
questions. oontact Georgia Robins Sedler. Ph.D. of the 
Caneer Center Outreach Program at 534-7811 : 

Monday, ~28 
• 3 P m. StucIent Envlronmenlet Acttan CoIItlltan Cam· 
pus Ecology Meeting. Everyone is Welcomel lis our cam· 
pus. our community, our state. our planet. Questions? Can 
534-7909. Meeting above Soft Reserves In Room 208. 
(weekly) 
.4:05 p.m. R.velle ProgrammIng Board meeting. Deans 
office. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. Le.blan Gay BIsexual A.-1atIon General 
business meeting. come out and get involvedl Location: 
Womens Resource Center. 53.-GAYS (weeIr1y) 
• 7 p.m. Int.rnatlonal Club. Join us for a general meet-
ing at the International Center. (weekly! 
• 7 p.m. CIn:I. K international meeting located on lhe 
second ftoor of the Price Center, Gallery B. (weeklYJ 

Tuesday, ~ 29 
• 2:30-4 p.m. Jepe_ ~nguege Table, Meet new 
people, practice YOIJl Japanese. PC Berkeley Room. Spon-
sored by JAAMS (Japanese American Society) (weeklYJ 
.5-6 p.m. UCSO Single Parenti Support Group meet· 
ing. The group is an Invaluable resource to single parents 
at UCSD. Participants share their experiences and conse-
quently receive a wealth 01 reassurance and IUpport They 
help one another improve parenting skills and to Increase 
their academic efficiency and productivity. Location: UCSO 
Early Chiklhood Center, MUli·Pl.fpose room. Call 546-8148 
for information. (~Iy) 
• 6:30 p.m. Lelrn to sptllk In front of group'. Pacific 
Beach Toastmasters meets at the Santa Clara Rec Center, 
1008 Santa Clara Place. Guests wetcome flee. For more 
information, cali Linda at 491 ·0825. (weekly) 
• 7:30 p.m. CII-Anlmap BIll Chllpter will be showing 
more great Japanese Animation. This _k: MailOlllkkoku 
tr62, Pallabor TV '4, Yuma _2, The Cockplll2 and The 
Legend of the Galactic Heroes It 6. SoIls 107. 
• 7:30·9 p.m. Cempw Cru ... for Chrtlt'. TUllday 
·Prime Time' meeting wiN be held in the Rlv8rsiclelDavia 
Room in the Price Centar. Check _ outf For more Informa· 
tion call Matt at 581 -1663. 

Wednesday, November 30 
.3 p.m. Sludent Envtronmentlll Acttan C.,llan cam· 
pus OutreacMliodiversity meeting. Everyone II Wek:ornel 
ns our campus, our community, our state, our planet. Ques. 
tions? Call 534·7909. Meeting IIxMt Soft Rnarvet in Room 
208. (weeklYJ 
• 5 p.m. Wikle",... Club: Join nature enthusiast, lor 
hiking, biking, climbing, backpad<ing. and morel MMI abOve 
KSDT at the picnic tables or cal 260-691. lor weekly infor, 
mation. (weekly) 
• 7 p.m. Leal indICator (AltemellYe IIedIe PuIIIIceIIon) 
Meeting. Looking for wrhers. phoIographers, layW artists, 
wI1atever you Wish to contribute. Be a part at AIIernaIive 

~. (Weekly) 
. 7 p.m. Food Co-opOperationat meetings in the Student 
OrganizationS Room above the Food Co-op and Bike Shop. 

(~~ 
ThIJl'Sday, Decsmbef 1 

.3 p.m. SIudant EIWIroI-m1 Acttan CoIIIIion cam-
pus Recycling CommiIIee. Everyone is WeIcomeI n. our 
calTlflUll, our community, our _'. our planet. Ountionl? 
Call 53-4·71lO8. Meeting above SolI ReM"," in Room 208. 
( .... ~ 
.5:30 p.m. AmerIoIIn ChIftIIoIllooMIy, Student A/IMi. 
• " ar. poAIing on a field trip to Tanube RaMerch t.be. 
Emarl 8CI@chem or CIIII ... _ 534-8t 71 f inIIreIted. 
Location: csaOO1 . (~ 

FrIday, o.c.mo.r 2 
• 12 p.m. C-..". lunch ......... MIl mMI your 

~a. the InIemIIfoIIli CIrtIIr. AI-~ lunch 
12.!50. (~ 

.,2-,:30 p.m. Pln-Mlan c-.y Forum May bring 
lunch. lAadar: Jaanne ManNe, 534-3035. Mountain V_ 
Loqe. (wNIdy) . 
.2-4 p.m. AIcotIoI8rIII ..... nce AlluM Group: lid by 
Dan MIRIz, 534-3756. (WeeIdy) 
.Sp.m. Iodaty bCNallwAl ..... Oi ...... will be mMI-
ing in "-PP8r CanpllocIge lor rtUIc, dencing and pot-
kick. CaI.JenrMar.~orT ... IIt~ lor more 
1nIormaI1on. 

SaMday; o-rw-3 
• 4-3 p.m. C8mpu8 BIKII F_ LecI by Phil RIptl88I 
IIIICI Fred ~. MourUIn View l.oI.nge. (weeIdyJ 

EVENTS AND RECREATION 
Ongoing 

• ~ HIerogIypItIce: PIlotogrIphy 8rIII Egypl1850-1 goo. 
l.ocaIion: UnNeratf Art GaIIefy, UCSO. Guest CIHIed by 
GeoIhy BIItchen. On diIpIIIy lni Oecernber 15, 1884. 534-
2864. 
• The "'-CancfIIIorIIU Condtclon Hume,. Is a bi-
national project by Joyce Cutler·smw, linking the Hospital 
General de T,uana IlllCllhe Veterans Allaira Medical Cen-
ter In La Jolla. Ponlllill, poell1l. and WIll stories to depict 
the unique character at the popUaIionI 01 a.:h hospital, as 
wefl as their common tunanlly. Projects are on view until 
December I . Information 277· 732t . 

TU8Iday, Novr/mbe( ~ 
.7:30 p.m. CII-AnimIge has FREE Japanese Animation 
shows (sulJdled In English) in Sotl, Hall 107. (week~) 

W8ct1ftday. November 30 
• 10 a.m .• 3 p.m.. Revelle'. Annual HolIday f.n at 
Revelle Ptaza. There win be lOts of food and vendorsll Do 
your Ctwistmas shopping earlyf 
• 1 :3().3 p.m. 11cte-pooI Excurllon for Tol. otIered by 
Stephen Birch Aquarium·Muse"",. designed to introduce 
prlllChooI and kindergarten children to the wonders at the 
sea. Fee for class Is St t per adul and S7 per child. Ad-
vance registration is required. EnrOllment Is lim_ed. 534-
7523. 
• 7 p. m. AcIwnIure. In WlncIow-Ltcldng , Undermining 
the rituals. Performance and booic presentation by UCSO', 
Experimental Wr~ing Class. Free admission to aN. The per-
formance wilt be held in the Visual Alts Performance Space 
ff306. (~IYJ 
.7:30 p.m. A concM of Man ... • works wi. be presented, 
beginning with a reception at 7:30 and the concert at 8 p.m. 
Program includes electro-acoustic pieces; compositions 
using Jarocha Harp, a native Me.tcan instrument which wiN 
be performed by MoraleS; and digtat compos_ions using 
aigcdhmic procedures. 534-4383. 
.8 P m. UCSO Stntert ted by vocat director Philip Larson 
in the UCSO Mandev~1e R8C~aI Hall. Free. Seats are lim· 

~ed. Evening parIIlng permit. $3. Contact Kelh Alexia 534-
5404 or Bonnie Hartcins 534-4830. 

Thursday; Decemb8r 1 
• 5:30 p.m. Don Iom"....'a "StrMt Scene." exhibition 
wiI open at the Academy at Art College Galery, 688 SlAter 
Street, in San Francisco. Today there will be a public Re-
ception where Frri Jordan IIICheduted 10 anand. 

Saturdlly;Decemb8r3 
• 2:~:3O p.m. l1de-pooI Excuralon forToIe a/lered by 
Stephen BIrch Aquarn.n ·MUM~. designed to Introduce 
pretchool and kindergarten children 10 the wonders of the 
_ . F .. for cItIII Is 111 per IduI and 17 per child. Ad· 
vance registration Is required. Enrolment II Ilmitad. 53-4 -
7523. 

Sunday, Decetrber 4 
• 10 a.m. The Archery Club at UCSO IM8ts behind 
Thornton Hospital. Call tlllill • 5e8-0823 lor qUllllonl. 
(weekly) 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
0ngcWJQ 

• Chi,... !Vllnga1tc81 ChurclllnYil .. you 10 our Friday 
COIege fellowship meeting lit 7:30 p.m. and ow Sunday 
worship "Nice at e:15 a.m. PINM join us! For men infor-
mation, please call Pablo 587·7937. Transportation pro-
vided. 
.'"", VIII1IIly ChrIII"n F.llawlhip an inletdenomina-
tionaI, student led. Christian grOl4l. SmaI group blbillIUd-
lea meet on Monday. T .. sday. Wedneeday _ every col-
• with an II campus gather every Thlnday at 7:00 p.m. 
• YqII2622 for worship. speaIcer, lnd fellowlNp. For infor-
rrIIItlon cal Jeff. 52t ·1 21111-
• Want 10 get InvoIIIed with • CIristiIn group IhII has • 
lincere heM lor God? Come MIl cItIck 0tI c..,.,. C~ 
Melt tor ChrI8It For men inIormrIion cal MIll II 581· I 853. 
• CethaItc CoIIImunIty: AI the t.JniIIerIIy Wheran CIuch, 
__ on Sunday. 8:15 • • m .. 5. 7 8nCI1I p.m.; TUIeday 
.5 p.m.; WedriHdIJ .11:30 p.m.; and ThurecIay. 5 p.m . 
ThurICIIy Supper .1 p.m .. ~ "WeIoameI 

n...,,~. 
• t 2 p.m. BIlla..." IIudInI ... Narth CCInIarInce 
Room. (WeeIrIyJ 
• 7:30-11 p.m. c...,. en.... tor ClwW'e r.day 
"PrIme TIme' meaIIng" be MId In .. PrIDe c.r.r in .. 

" •. ··GALENDAR 12 

FIIII8nIdt/DIIv Room. For more Ir*I cal MIll .. 581 · 1IM53. 
- ~y, NotIetrrt.t 30 

.8 p.m. '1M LMt ....... tor .......... lIiIqulllterwi be 
today. All II. weIc:omel Location: UrMrsity Lutherln 
Church, _ the IIrMt from RewlleColllge. 
• 7 p.m. c-.tIcnI .... ...., L.acIIion: ~. 
lily Wherlll Chunlh, _ the ... from ReveIe Co!-
lege. 
.7 p.m. ~a .. aIle fellonhlp wtI be IwIing BIble Study 
on the New T......,. In SoIia 110. Corne and JOIn 1111 

(~ 
SaflllMy, o.o.mo.3 

• 8:3C).7:30 p.m. c:r.tM Wonltlp 1IMoe. AboIa, by 
IIIICI for COIt8ge IIIudem and young ..... Good SIrTw\. 
1M E~ ctuch, corrw 01 ea.g. MIll & ~, 
2 bIocIcI north of UTC. Call 458-1 !SOl tor .... " "10 .. or rides. 

(~ 
.Sc.n1ay. DIIoetnbet 4 

• 10: 15 a.m. L..uINrIn -.!lIp MI¥IaI, OU' guilt pas-
tor this week wi. be the Rev. Dr. RIcIwd EIIIoa, C8II1PUI 
pastor III SDSU. Everyone is wetcome. locaIion: ~­
lily Wheran Church, ICIOII the ItrMI from RcMIIt Col-
lege. 
• 10: 15 a.m. C.,.1IrIIIon IIervfoe Cclmmporary WOIIhIp 
MfIIice with over 30000Itege studenta in 1IIIIndance: bend. 
drama and most importartly .. . releYlwtt aennon topIcal.7 47 
College Avenue, San Diego. Need a rlde7 558·0632. 

(~ 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
Ongoing 

.w_ P .... C-1orI (trained by Psych, Services) 
Need a corIidenliai friendly 811 to 1iIIen? WIIk·in hoII's or 
call for appointment. Womens Rnouce Center . 

MoodIly; NovrIrnbM 2S 
.12:30·2 p.m. Men. Work and AeIIItanIhIp Group: Led 
by Jeanne Mane .. , 534·3035, and Fred Vanhoose. CaN for 
sign·up. Mountain V'ttNt Lounge. (-*~ 
• t2:30-t p.m. Drop by and De- alcohol or drug 
rail*' Ie-. with MIchele. Someone else's abuse may 
be concerning you too. HSS 2056 (week~ . 
.3-4:30 p.m. 0 ........ Men. and w-w Group: Led 
by EquMIaLuIut, 534-37515, and Ha-rdRubin. CeHforsign-
up and tocaIion_ (1W8I!~ 
.4-5:30 p.m. LAUIIn W_ Support Group: l.8d by 
Nicicie Golden. 534-3<156. Cal for information. AeveIte Cot· 
lege PrOV08l Bldg. (-.lr1YJ 

Tuesday,· NovfIrrJbfK 29 
• 12 p.m. AIcohollc'~. open meeting. Muir 
Biology Building Room 1208. Newcomers welcome I 
(weeklYJ 
.1 p.m. L.ta*na, Gay. A BIM~ H_ questions? 
Want someone to talk to? Need a IIt.WOIIive environment? 
Drop by Literature Building 32.7 and IaIk to Brian. (1t88I!1YJ 
.2:30 p.m . ...... 8nCIW_ ~HChIdNrl: Led 
by Miriam Iosupovicl. 534-3755, and Fred VIIrlhooM. CaD 
for sIgn·up. Revelle Formal Lounge (1I'88k.Y) 
• 4-5:30 p.m. W_ moIeeted II child,.": Led by 
Beverty McCreary: 534·3585. Call tor sign-up. 1003 GH. 
(weekly) 

Wednesday, November 30 
• 12 p.m. LQbtans, g.ya llId ......,. .. , Have ques-
tions? Want eomeone to I8IIc to? Need llUppOrtIve envi-
ronment? Drop by HSS 2056 to talk to Am Lyn. (-*~ 
.3-4:30 p.m. Woman maIeetId _ cIIIIdNn: Led by Nickie 
Golden, 534-3456. Call for sign-up. 1003 GH. ( ...... ~ 
.3-4:30 p.m. 0,.., Group: Led by John Wu, 534-1579, 
and Nancy Wahlig, 534·5793. CaN for 19HJp. Revele Pro-
vost Bldg. (-"I)') 
• • p.m. Rwelle Dun'. Otftce LAedInhIp ..... pre-
sents a workshop on Stress Managemert led by Dr. Nickle 
Golden in Revelle's Informal Loungel 
• 8:3().8 p.m. o.y Ind IIIM ... , ..... lupport GlOUp 
led by Brian and Malt. Come join III in • confidential and 
supportive environment. Student Cent., B South Confer-
ence Room. (weekly) 
.7 p.m. I.IIcIereNp Semlnlr. LAt cuaxpert help you 
overcome delay and dilemma in appooacl .... your .eadem-
icsllllClactivities In tife. Contact LaAen 534.()5()1 . 

ThurSday, Dec8nIber 1 
• 6:30 p.m. Gnldultc Gay A BlauualIIena SuppoI1 
Group: A 11ft, confidential environrMrt to meet other gay 
and bisexual men lind dlscusa conoeme IIboIj eexuallly. 
Lad by Matt In Student Center B, Lower Level ConIerence 
Room. (wwk~ 

Friday, o.c.tnl»r 2 
• 12·1:00 p.m. Ale ahotlol~qJtn meetJng. Muir 
Biology BuWdlng Roo~ t 208. N.w.:omera w.tcom.' 

(~) 
.12· t :3O p.m. PaftoAalln C--*r FoIum: May bring 
lunch. ~eder. __ MIneae, 534-30311. Mountain View 
Loqe- (1IIWtIy) 
.1-2 p.m. LaebIMII, GaylA.. PhI Have qunIiIn? 
WIrt _10 1liiie IO? NIIcII IUIIIIIIIM envtranmanI? 
DRIp by UIerIIura BuildIng 3247 and IaIk III .... (~ 
.2-4 p.m. AIoohoIInd IlIh __ MIlle CInIup: lAd 
by DIn Munoz, 534-37!5. (......, 
.4-3 p.m. c....,.1IIoIt F_: lAd" PhI AIpIIIII 
inti Freel ~. MtuIIin VIIW LauIgI. (.....", 

HOBday. No, I ........ 21,1994 

00:00 
CGntl •• ld ". .... 14 
that "Tbe ~ you hit them, the 
slower they come hick," Maybe yC?,U 
had to be there to fully appreciate 
the situation Oust after thel992 first 
round playoff pme, a 3·2 Triton 
victory over Cal Lutheran), but that 
is still the best player quote I've ever 
had, . 

And, finally, of the dozens of 
UCSD athletes that, while I may not 
have written about every single one, 
l.enjoyed talking to and knowing, 

As I look back on four years, I 
realize I have many people to thank, 
With this job comes a slight mea-

athlete came up to me after the Iut 
game of the ICUOIl and simply said, 
"What you've written hu been im-
portant to me and the team as a 
whole, and I just want to thank you 
for that." To have the athletes you 
write about express their apprecia-
tion for your articles is the ultimate 
compliment for any sportswriter, 

Well, to all the athletes, I just 
Wlnt to say this: You are the ones 
that · have made this job the most 
memorable and exciting experience 
of these last four years. Thank you. 

As for the folks back at the Mon-
key Shop, I'm running out of space 
here, so let me just rattle off some 
names: Pete Ko (Yikes!); Don Ben 

sure of infamy: 
"Hey,1 loved! 
loathed that thing 
about the yuppies 
(the SaD Jose 
Sharks, sumo 
wrestling, 
lumberjacking, 
etc.) That was 
greatl!My grand· 
fathel, died in a 

Of Jodie Robertson 
telll", me, In her best 
nonchalant, outside 
linebacker tone, lAthe 
harder you hit them, 
the slower they come 
back ••• ," stili the best 
player quote I've had. 

Boychuk and his 
faithful band of le-
gitimate Sicilian 
Spice Merchants in-
cluding "Edge 
Boy" Eric Schmidt 
and "Fat" Cisco 
DeVries; the Photo 
BoyS; this year's 
Flagship of the 
Guardian Section 

lumberjacking accident, so piss off 
you insensitive sod!" 

It's always nice to get those kind 
of reactions to your writing, And 
whether its from a reader I lust met 
or a long-time friend, the sentiment 
is always appreciated . 

There are a few people that have 
always gone out of their way to help 
me, especially Athletic Director 
Judy Sweet, and of course, Bill 
Gannon and Josh Lawerence down 
at sports information, who have put 
up with more last-minute requests 
than a Kennedy-family bartender 30 
seconds after last call. 

The most I've ever been affected 
by my work was last year when an 

- Heir to the Throne Dan "You're 
the Only Joe-Fearing One left, so 
you better keep the rest of these hea· 
thens in check" Kraft and Tedd 
Ladd; and the rest of this year's 
staff, a,k.a, "Hippie Alexander and 
his Surly Band of Underlings." 

There are four others that need 
more public humliation, These four 
- Phil Michaels, Brian Hutto, Art 
Root and Ken Perlman -are the ones 
who kept Overtime from going into 
sudden death many a time and deserve 
plenty of extra Brownie points, 

Well, there's no time left on the 
clock, the gun has sounded and the 
teams are leaving the field. 

This game is over. 

The UCSD Guftdiaa 

w. HOOP: 
Falls, 53-59, at home 
ContInued fraIII ..... 20 
offensive collap&e, Leading by three 
points late in the contest, UCSD 
found itself in an offensive slump 
and wak:hed as Claremont charged 
past them for the victory, 

Michelle Henricks (11 points) 
contributed the Tritons lone three 
point basket during a second half in 
which UCSD shot a sorrowful one 
of eleven from beyond the arc, 
Other leaders for the Tritons in-
cluded forwards Tami Oviatt (nine 
points, 10 rebounds) and Stacy 
Patsko (10 points, eight rebounds) 
wbopowered the Tritons' inside at· 
tack. 

Zebra 
Copy 
Unlimited 

Copies 
3.5~ ea. 
8.5" x 11" • 20# white 

self serve 

UCSD's pressing defeasive 
strategy paid dividenda all game 
long u they forced 21 turnovers, but 
the Tritons also committed 19 of 
their own and were unable to stop 
the Athenas' break in the late go-
ing, 

Claremont's Amy Cleveland lit 
up UCSD for 17 points while Mindy 
Bagatelos rolled up 13 points and 
14 rebounds, 

Rttention: 
We need people to WIIte 
eporta. We're not kIdcIInI 

Ibout tID. And If you don't 
ull I34-8IS82 to ....... how 

you c .. join tile 6liliiii' .. , we 
know where 1011 live, 

SPORTS 13 

M. HOOP: Beat 
Hawks, 118-94 
ContInued fnIm ..... 20 
ing, notching 21 points in only 12 
minutes on the floor. Benetar had 
18, Barnes scored 17 and Sebek tal-
lied 16 points, 

"Our defensive intensity and our 
rebounding were a lot better tonight 
than they were [Friday]," Allen said, 

"Tonight we proved that we can 
shoot the ball and that we have 
depth there," Lanthier said, .. But we 
needed that game so that we could 
pick up some composure, and we'll 
get the Confidence we need," 

"It was a relief to win this one," 
Allen said. "This really help morale, 
becal!5e we're not used to losing." 

~ YELLOW'5RICK ~ 
• Family Amusement Centers • 

: FREE: 
: GAME TOKENS: 
• 0.,._,.-,. V~M_ .• 71uus.EqrilaM.m.',lm • ~ •••••• ,i.",tj'h<"#·'.J°Ca·,i,;4 

LA JOLLA 
FERTILITY 
CLINIC 

La Jolla Fertility Clinic 
To help our infertile couples we have an established 
program for egg donors and surrogates. we provide 
in-house counseling ..vic. and confidential 
ac:reating. 

Compenlllion is provided for ~ donorS ($2,000) 
and surrogates (SI2.000). Our program is run by 
Board certified physicians. 

(800)74-FERTILITY 
(619) 450-9100 

USTENUP!. 
ENCINITAS 
LA PALOMA 
THEATRE* 
Nov. 30 

Grundig World Band Radios 
put the world at your fingertips. 

Tri .... H 
Compact Wortd Traveller 
Radio 
" Portable AM/FM/SW radio fits into 
a pocket or purse e Five shortwave 
frequency bands e World Time 
Select Switch dials in anyone of 24 
cities around the world to find out 
the time • Includes earphones for 
private listening • LCD display indi-
cates status of all operations 

Yacht Boy 206 
Compact Wortd Band 
Alarm Clock Radio 
• Portable AM/FM/SW radio 
fits into a pocket or purse 
• Multifunction LCD display 
• Built-in clock/timer with 
repeat alarm and sleep time 
automatic • Automatic 
Frequency Control (AFC) 
• Mechanical band selector 

GAUnDIG 
I _JI L:jl I 
I t ( ) ( ) t'" ,'f" I I 534-378.6 
fin YOUI .. AIM 

C Copynght On Campus ProductIOnS All nghls reserved 1244 8 94 

8:00 PM 

SDSU 
MONTEZUMA 
HALL 
Dec. 1 
6:00 & 9:00 PM 

SAN DIEGO 
SPRECKLES 
THEATER* 
Dec. 2 
6:30 & 9:30 PM 
Dec. 3 ' 
6:00 & 9:00 PM 
LA JOLLA 
(CANCELEO DUE TO ~EMOOELlNG) 

Tickr:IS ava ilable al Tickr:tmllslf:r, 
sr:lr:cted SPORT CHA~ET s!orr:s and 

the theater box offices. 
(OTlckr:ts on sale al box office on 

nish! of show only) . 

THE ULTIMA TE SKIING ADVENTUREr 

.111 Lin TlCDTI 
~ It ..... '"t1IrtIraI RuIIty" wII m:eI¥I 

• CIftIIk* for .... ..., MIIOIIIIft tIdtd 
to s.-......... rrtt lift tJCIott-.elod 1113O.t2l1.12113&12114.1994. 

-

,,....,,, 
, I •• , •••• 



. . 

14SPOIlTS 

OVERTIME: 
The two-minute drill 
CoIItInued ......... 20 
figured out that I didn't really need 
a different assistant each game to 
hold my extra pencils during inter-
views. 

Now, there may be those of you 
out there that will take a look at this 
diatribe and say, "Oh, he's taking his 
job far too seriously. Nobody really 
cares about the Guordian." And I 
might agree with you, except that 

aJizIea jUlt bow iJnportut this cav-
erap is to them. 1'IIiI wu never 
more apparent tban jat a couple of 
weeks ago when we ran a center 
spread about the women's soccer 
team for the Final Four. When I first 
saw 'the issue, it looked like a total 
failure: The photos resembled bad 
photocopies, the last line of the story 
had been cut off, the color was 
wrong, etc. But the players (and es-
pecially the players' parents) were 
in orbit over all the coverage and 
didn 't care how bad the printers had 

those people 
have obviously 
never screwed 
up stories and 
headlines about 
teams in na-
lional playoffs. 

The fact is, 
I he athletes 
themselves care 

Regrets? I've got a mil-
lion. First of all, I have 
never received a death 
threat despite Insulting 
everyone from tractor pull 
enthusiasts to yuppies to 
my own 1M team. 

screweD it up. 
So, I wouldn't. 
call it an awe-
some responsi-
bility, but I know 
that making sure 
the athletes get 
their fair share of 
exposure is the 
goal for every 

a lot about what gets printed about 
them. And despite the exaggerated 
rap on UCSD as a campus totally 
lacking in school spirit, some people 
here do care about sports. 

Anyone who covers these ath-
letes for the newspaper quickly re-

Guordian sportswriter. 
If you ever want to really piss off 

a writer, just tell him or her that he 
or she is just in it to make some easy 
money, and doesn't care one way or 
the other about the final score. 

Since I've covered the soccer 

n.. UCSD G.anIiu 

team, I've milled two ......... 
Yet, a few weeb.." a faD IOOOIIed 
me for IlOl cbeerina loud enoup. 
-What's the matter, don't you care 
about the team? Just because you're 
a reporter doesn't mean you can't 
cheer for them'" To have this waste 
of flesh, who I had seen at approxi-
mately zero previous games, tell me 
that I didn't care about the team wu 
not the best thing for my blood pres-
sure (but nobody can prove I know 
how his body ended up buried in 
RIMAC's foundation). 

Regrets? I've got a million. First 
of all, I have never received a death 
threat, despite insulting everyone 
from tractor-pull enthusiasts to 
yuppies to my own 1M team. Yet, 
not a single death threat or even one 
of serious bodily harm. This is very 
disappointing and a blow to the ego. 
Maybe I just haven't been insulting 
enough. in which case it's a little late 
to start now. So if you've been sav-
ing up those threats, now's the time 
to let me "ave 'em. 

Memories? I've got two million 
of them. or a IK\CCCr team that re-
fused to lay down and die, lJ1d came 
back from two goals dow~ to take 

the ... i. tho ~ CIIampioa-
lbip; of utina • mo..aer-tnlCk ea-
tbuaiut wbat he enjoyed about the 
show and havill8 ltim alllWer "the 
fresh air'"; of Ted Leitner aking me 

pi • MicbacI MacWe. CIIIIO 011 
the bencb to stop • ,. .... ty kick 
&pi ... W"lICOIIIin-Oahkolh, propel-
ling the men's SO(lCCr team to the 
1991 Final Four and a national 

to say goodbye 
to hi. life-size 
Junior Seau card-
board cutout; 
and of sittin$ in 
the front row of 
the bleachers 
during men 's 
basketball games 
wearing a bald 
wig. 

[MemorIeI] of call .... 
Blockbuster VIdeo It 
mklnleht Ind -kInJ for 
the correct spellbe of 
Snuful ......... [and] of 
BrIan McMlnus _ the 

championship; 
of UCSD golf 
Head Coach 
Mike Wydra ac-
cepting the 1993 
NCAA National 
Championship 
trophy at Torrey 
Pines; and of 
Brian McManus 
as the only per-

or the wretch 

only pel'lOll In the world I 
have ever let call me 
"Gregy." 

son in the world 
I have ever let call me "Greggy." of a man jn the seat across the aisle 

from me, sucking down his fourth 
gin and spewing his life story about 
how he hates his job and his ex -wife 
and his home town of Rochester, the 
city we were about to land in; of 
crowding literally 40 people -
players, family, coaches and yours 
truly - into a hotel room for a pre-
game pep talk and rap; and of call-
ing Blockbuster Video at midnight 
and uleing for the correct spelling 
of Snufulufagus. 

or standing 20 yards from the 

or finding out at 2 a.m. that the 
section's ad-lines are wrong and that 
three'stories have to be re-edited in 
order to make them fit correctly; of 
Derek Armstrong and "Melnick, 
pass the bloody bam"; of paying a 
visit to the Los Angeles Clippers' 
training camp and having Danny 
Mannning ask, "Shouldn't you guys 
be in class?"; and of Jodie 
Robertson telling me, in her best 
nonchalant, outside-linebacker tone 

See 00:00, Page 13 

Two eSsential 
11IANKSto 

. the cooperation of these 
businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

ingredients 
fo'r a perfect 

date: 

A date and-this. 

. .. 

C VI .. U .S.A . Inc , 199. 

It's everywhere 
you -want to be: 

, 

••••••••• 
GIImIn onv. InfID BooII 

~eer::u' No. -n, Inlo BooIh 
ScrIppII Ubrary 
ScrIppII SNICk Bar 
Neuremberg Hall. SIO 

St. GermIJn'. 
Cal Copy 
BJ'. PIzZeria 
1<InIco'. 
RIIIpha 
Vona 
PoIar'. Yogurt 
W_ema.ge! 
BIg Bear 
SOupExchqe 

i;~ 
T"'~ 
..... EIC . 
8Mna 

=::'. 

8IIIIImore BIlge! ' 
Red RobIn 

PIIIII'IIIdn-

Monday, November 28,1994 The UCSD Guardian 15 ., ----~--------~--------------------------------~~e~~~~~===-__________ ~ ________________________ ----.. (fte;~ •• ~ .. ~~ 

Students, Faculty, Staff-
Volunteer Tour Guides 

are needed for R~MAC for 
the month of January, 

including the 
Grand Opening, Jan. 24 
Call UCSD Recreation at 

534-4037 
for information. 

Training will be on the 
afternoon of Friday, Dec.2. 

Looks like a 
Vivarin night. 

It's 10 PM. You've crammed for finals 
all week. Took two today. And 

now you've got to pack an entire 
semester's worth of Philosophy into 

one take-home exam, in one night. 
But how do you stay awake when 

you're totally wiped? Revive 
with Vivarin. Safe as coffee, 

Vivarin helps keep you awake 
and mentally alert for hours. 

So when you have pen in 
~ " ¥.'" hand, but sleep on the brain, 

make it a Vivarin nightl 

. ' 



16 eLASSIFIEDS 

ENERGY BOOSTER. Truly 1III'I8ZIng. 
M naIurIII. FREE 3 day supply pack. CaH 
585-3182. (11128-1/1 n 
AIIenIIon PRE-MEDSIII Get ahead IIart 
on your MCAT PREP wtIh the best In the 
bueIneIIl Over 275,000 pre-meds can't 
be wrongIl Enroll wIIh Kaplan today for 
convenient and effective on-campus 
classes. Cd 277-67441 (tl/28-12/1) 
Worship Jesus at Flnrt Baptists College 
8:30 a.m. service. Contemporary music 
and message. Just west of 805 on 
Governor. 457-4827. (11/21 -1/23) 
Methodist. Episcopal and Presbyterian 
students, join in Creative Worship on 
Saturday evenings from 6:30-7:30 p.m. 
Weekly at Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church, 4321 Easlgale Mall. Rides 
available 458-1501 . Information 534-
6951 . Celebrate Conference National 
Student Gathering, December 28.Jan 1 , 
1995. Scholarships are available. Call 

~--------, HAIR I 
DESIGN 

DB. MAlt HI8HI.MDI 
Next to Whefehouse 7U-a131 

a u.MONT ICIUAIl£ 
Next to Vons 27402tOO 

TllRMlMl'A Galewll)' 2D4423 
• Mu s t present coupon . Elp . 12/ 12/ 94..1 

.. _-------

534-6951. Chaplain Bob Wagener. (11/ 
7-12/1) 
NIed • quMlt Itudy environment for 
ftnaJ,? PLUS FREE tuIorIng, coffee and 
hot chocolate? A community service for 
ISIudents In need. For more Info cal 697 -
5800 (11128-12/1) 

Share Pacific BaachICrown Point 3 BR 
2 SA DaIulCe Cendo Sacuri1y Building. 
All amenities, laundry, bay view, third 
floor. No smoke/pets $345. 273·2638 
(11/28-12/1) 
Master Bedroom. Own bath & walk In 
closet. 5 minutes from UCSD. Across 
from EI Tonto. S425/mon1h. Starts 1131 
95. 558-2386. (11/28-12/1) 
La Jolla Colony: Neat, non-smoking male 
to share master bedroom/bath. Great 
amenities. $26O/month + 1/3 utilities + 
deposit. Available Jan.June '95, possibly 
through summer. 658~158. (11/28-1/9) 
Masler Bedroom available 1195 in La 
Jolla Condo. 5 minutes walk to Campus. 
$450. Call 558-2386. (11/28) 
Roommate wanted: Female, own bath! 
bedroom, $349 + utilities, near 
laundrymat & mall, by USD, 15 min to 
UCSD. Call 295-9460. (11/28-12/1) 
Have your own master bedroom & bath 
in a huge house with all amenities for 
only $2SO + 1/4 utilities. Available 12/94. 
Call 268-4223. (11/28-12/1) 
Master Bedroomforrent, own bath, huge 
7 bedroom University City House. S3OO1 
mo + 1/8 utiHty. Pool, Jacuzzi, available 
December 18. 677-()862,657-9169. (11/ 
28) 
Roommate needed (female): master 
bedroom In large University City House. 
Share w/4 other 3rd year students. $320 
month + 1/5 utilities and security deposit. 
Call Susan at 622-9209 for more 
information. (11/21-12/1) 

: : COLORED CONTACTS 
1 B,DWn tlllIS $149 * Complete Package 
: : tD BIU __ _______ *WHII':' ~Mh2CO~!:~~~~~~: 
1 i Dally Wear Extended Wear Disposables 1 
1 1 Complete Complete Complete 1 

: i $89* $109* $169*..::: 
1 1 Willi COlI,"", and student 10 only. Includes complete 1)'1 mm. tltlinQ. toilOloHJp CIIt. tare kH. Near I I- siGhted RxOllIy. 0IfIer INjOr blindS io stoc:lt. Exp. 121311114. 

'1 -Extra-Thln;~~-T Repl.......d i Eyeglass I RAY 1 Disposables 1 
Lenses BAN 1 $ 24 PICk * 1 $59 * Sunglasses 1 87 I 

1 1 20°/. OFF 1 Wit, CI1rIII1I "ncrl"IOI. 1 
1 L _ ~-:.?~213~~ ~~~~~.~1~_ ~'='~~~.J 
I_ kIP? I . 

. ~. ~ Dr. NickSELBY,O,D, 
I C~\"I ; 6780 Miramar Rd. 578·6796 

L"~~~ ~.=' ~ __ ~ miles.~t~8~ (beh~ carl'~.~ __ .J 

A romanct that WOJ 
doomtd .. 

-

from tht btginning. 

The UeSD Guardian Mooday,Nove~r28,1994 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 20-word incrmrents. The rate per 20 words is $2 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday ~ 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for ThursdDy~ issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-5416. Mailingaddress: UCSD Guanlian,Ann:Classijieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 

. 0316, LaJolJiJ, CA 92093.n316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 
Female graduate student preferred, own 
room. Share basic utilities wIIh serious 
students In quiet UTC neighborhood. 
$365.00 + deposit. Esther627-7807 (111 
21 -11/28) 
Own room, female roommate in 2-
bedroom, La Jolla Del Sol. Semi-
furnished. Comfortable, laundry, etc. 
$400. 12/15. 455-0095. (11/21 -12/1) 
UTC/la Jolla. 2 BR 1 SA apt. $264/ 
month slartlng December 10. Washer/ 
dryer, garage, pooVspa, tennis. Male, 
non-smoker preferred to share room. 
Call Mike 597-1783. (11/21-11/28) 
La JollatUTC. Responsible malelfemale 
nonsmoker to share 3 bedroom 
townhouse. Garage, pooVspa, laundry. 
$325 + deposit . Lease . Available 
December 1. 457-6804. (11/21 -12/1) 
Room for rent, month to month. Non-
smoker, $360 UnivelSity City. Contact 
Berlette 453-6803. (11/21-11 /28) 
Female non-smoker wanted in furnished 
UTC area condo. $2801mo + 1/4 utiHties. 
CaN 452-1995. (11/21 -12/1) . 
.Seekingfun roommate for winter or wIntar 
and spring. Own bedrodm and bath. 
Pool, jacuzzi, parking. Near campus. 
$402.SO, 558-3740. (11/21-11/28) 
La JoilalWlndenSea $375 + 1/2 utilities + 
$375 deposit. Looking for responsible, 
easygoing roommate to share 2bedroom 
+ 1 bathroom app. 551 -4005. (11/21-12/ 
1) 

Hillcrest near UCSD Medical Center 
roommate to share 2 bedroom, 2 bath 
apartment. $347.SO, available December 
15. 692-9720. (11/17-12/1) 
January 1: large fumished roomsouth 
U.C. safe/quiet;'share kitchenlbath with 
female student $350. Utilities. Laundry 
included. 452-0939. (11/17-12/1) 
Imperial Beach Condo2 bedroom, 1.5 
bath. Across from beach. PooII59, $650. 
575-1674. (11/17-119) 
University City room for rent $325 p/m in 
priIIatehoma. Full amenities, nonsmoker 
preferred. 452-8669days455-6711 . (11/ 
17-12/1) 
We have a room available for one or two 
female roommates close II> UCSDI Own 
bathroom. Hot tub, pool, worf<out room. 
Call Allison or Sara457-1883. Rent starts 
January 1. (11/14-11/28) 
Cardiff House, 2 rooms, $325 each, 
fenced yard, laundry, park and trails In 
back, pets negotiable. Were friendly, 
tidy. 436-9860. (11/17-11128) 
Room for Rent. University City fumished 

And destintd .. 

$325.00 Includes utilities, free access to 
beautiful private home, nice canyon view. 
Call 452-8669 or 455-6711 (11/17-11/ 
28) 
Female needed to share room in 2 story 
town-house off Gilman. Wash/dryer, 
garage, pool. $255/month, starting Dec 
1 st. 535-9092 (11/14-11/28) 
Rooms for rent; Clairemont; $2321$223 
+deposit; 1/4utils; 4bdrm/2 baths house. 
Call Karen 541-2073. (11/7-11/28) 
3 bedroom Condo near UTC, UCSD. 
One avaHable now, another available 
January 1. S980/month. Washer/dryer, 
pool. Call 792-6453. (11/7-12/1) 
ROOMMATE WANTED for 2BR, 2.5BA 
Cambridge Condo available 11/15. 
Laundry, garage, $625Imonth. Walk to 
UCSD. 535-0985. (10131-11/28) 

E'IPLCn'IEYr 
TEACH Outdoor Education at YMCA 
camp in Cuyamaca MountaInsJan.June. 
$3OIday + room + board. Call 7~2 
for Information. (11/28-12/1) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING Eam up 
to $2,OOO+/monlh working on Cruise 
Ships or Land-Tour companies. World 
travel (Hawaii, Mexico, the CarIbbean, 
etc.) Seasonal and Full-Time 
employment available. No experience 
necessary. For more Information callI-
206-634-0468 ext. C59763 (11/28-1/9) 
Travel Abroad and Work. Make up to 
$2,OOO-$4,OOO+/mo. teaching basiC 
conversational EngilshlnJapan, Taiwan, 
or S. Korea. No teaching background or 
Asian languages requ ired . For 
information call (206) 632-1148 ext. 
J59763. (11/28-12/1) 
Intemship and Entry level positions 
available with top multimedia company; 
design, 3-D animation, programming, or 
multimedia production experience 
required. Mac expertise required. Call 
558-9100 for details. (11/21-119) 
Internship available. Real Estate/ 
Property Management/Legal 
Construction. Plan research projects, 
develop programs, and administrative 
work. Credit only. Tim 275-2525. (11/21-
2123) 
Need Cash? DomInos Plzzaisnowhlrlng. 
Become a part of the worlds largest 
pizza delivery company. Drivers can earn 
up to $12.00lhr., must be 18, with valid 
drivers license, Insured vehicle, good 
drlvtng record. Stop by our La Jolla store, 
3211 Holiday Ct., after 11 a.m. or call 
452-6273. EOE. (11/17-12/1) 
ALASKA EMPLOYMENT Fishing 

Industry. Eam 10 S3,ooo-se,ooo+ per 
month + benefits. Male/Female. No 
experience necessary. (206) 545-4155 
ext A59761 . (11/17-12/1) 
Relponllble, mature, cr .. tlve 
Gmtuate Student with strong library 
and online research skills , excellent 
computer Iyplng ability , reliable 
transportation needed to assist professor 
with active consulting practice. Interest 
in advertising, audience & market 
research a plus. 10 hrs/Week, starting 
$10",r. 434-1481 . (11/14-11128) 
TAKE-CHAAGE ASSISTANT. Authorst 
speakers/psychologists want bright, 
resourceful , Macintosh proficient, take-
charge assistant, 10-20 houlS a week to 
assist with office clerical responsibilities, 
research, wrttinWeditlng. Send resume 
to IFWR, 1020 Prospect Street, Suite 
400, La Jolla, 92037. (11/14-11/28) 
Getcootrol of your life, be In charge & get 
rich through network marketing. 
EXCEllent opportunity. For more 
Information call 558-8121 . (11/1 0-12/1 ) 
Articulate, enthusiastic students wantad 
to help raise money for UCSO. S6nlr 
pius bonus. Contact UCSD Telephone 
Outreach Program 535-1433. (11/7-12/ 
1) 

EXTRA INCOME FOR M Earn $500-
$1000 weekly stuffing envelopes. For 
detaHs - RUSH $1 .00 wIIh SASE to: 
Group Ave, 57 Greentree Drive, Suite 
307, Dover, DE 19901. (10/20-119) 
Subjects wanted for a study on alcohol's 
effects. If you are a Japa_, Chine .. , 
or Kor .. n, Amerlcan-bom male, call 
Scripps Research for more information. 
554-7240. Subjects reimbursed. (10/10-
12/1) 
Paid Management Internship -Be trained 
In marketing, sales, Interviewing, 
motivation, customer relations, etc. Earn 
minimum 2,500 to 10K managing a 
branch of Student Works Painting. Most 
hiring will be complete by Nov for sprinw 
summer positions. Cal (800) 394-6000 
for Information. (10/10-12/1) 
SS EARN EXTRA CASH SS Be a blood! 
plasma donor, PYRAMID BIOLOGY 
CORP San Diego 298-4011, San Ysidro 
690-4434 (9/20-12/1) 

FOH S.\LE 
Twin mattress, new$70.largeOOrIection 
of 1 st edition D and D stuff. Large Dragon 
magazine collection, old, good condition . 
226-6620 (1 1/28) 
CONVENIENT UC LOCATION Highly 
upgraded own home with new bath, 
updated kit 1en and storage galore. Buik-

michael geena 
KEATON DAVIS 

SPEECHLESS 
A new romantic comedy from MGM. 

Opens December 16 
al theatres everywhere. 

to last fom!"-

MODday, November 28,1994 

In bookC8H8 and aJBtom cabinetry for 
optimal utilization of apace. Easy to see. 
$99,000. 494-9601 AfI.. (11/28) 
1978 Honda CVCC, not ruming. Rebuilt 
head, new distributor can be fixed wiN 
consider any offerftrade... 678-0950. 
Have new car. (11/28) 
Computer 486DX-33, 4 MB RAM, 130 
MBHarddrive, OOS6.2, Wln3.1, Loaded 
w/lOflware, running SLIP, stacker, $915. 
CaU Justin 558-5727. (11/21-12/1) 
Petzi Grigrt (never used) $60, Black 
DIamond ATC 51 0, Microplate w/lOCking 
biner $10, leatherman tool $30. Pablo 

~.e791 . (11t.21-11/28) 
Wenger Tooichest Swiss Army Knife 
$75 (was $125), mini Leatherman Tool 
$20. Mar Unsplke Sa81ng Knife $25. 
Pablo 534-8791 (11/21-11/28) 
Infinity Kappa Car Speakers6X9 $175, 6 
1/2 $75. cal Steve, 554~804 . (11/17-
11/28) 
MOVING SAlLE I FuM size bed $70, 5 
drawer dresser, looks new $70, dorm 
sized refrigerator $15, call 455-0364. 
(11/17-11/28) 
Volkswagen camper, 1971 , 17,000 miles 
on rebuilt engine, excellent mechanical 
condition, great for camping. 51 ,950/ 
best. Steve 436-9860. (11/17-11/28) 
CORDLESSPHONElnd ANSWERING 
MACHINE for sale. All for $6O/obo. 
Phone Is only 1 year old, answering 
machine 2 years old. Both In perfect 
condition. OrIginal box, packaging, docs 
wIIh phone, manual (no box) for machine. 
622-1882 (11/17-12/1) 
Formal Dresses. Size5/6, short & fitting, 
off the shoulder, beautiful brocade of 
baby blue. Other, size S, strapless, rufIIy 
white lace. Both worn only once. Call 
678-0117 (11/14-12/1) . 
The UCSD Bike Shop has exce/lentdeals 
on 94 model bikes, bike accessories, 
rentals and repairs. Come check it outl 
(11/3-11/28) 

SEH\ IC:E~ 
Speedy Research. Reports: $6.00 per 
page. Over 50,000 topics & clippings. 
Materials for research assistance use 
only! 6548 Hollywood Blvd. 2nd lloor, 
Room 209. Los Angeles, CA 90028. 
Hours : Mon-Frl 10:30am-6pm. 
Saturdays, 11 am-4pm. Cuslom 
Research 81181ab1e. V1sa/MClAmex/Fax. 
Call T odayl 1-800-356-900 1. (11 /28-1/ 
9) 
NEED HELP WITH YOUR WRITING? 
Get ~ from an experienced, trained 
writing Mor who graduated from UCSD 
with a Literature/Writing degree. 
RealOnabie rates andfielClble schedule. 
Call 296-4303. (11/28) 
TYPiNGIl I'm available for 4 weeks in 
December to work on your project (ie. 
books, long documents, etc.) I have 
excellent typing skills, access to my own 
computer, and have reasonable rates. 
Please can 622-1882 ~ you are In need 
of a typist. 

North County/BaaCh CIty/Ail City Cab, 
Inc. Ask for 10'11t dllCOUnt or 5 rides 6 
ride l/2prlceorl0rldelll rldefree·rIde 
must be of equal value·. AIrport, train, or 
Greyhound. 988-1986. (11128-12/1) 
TV, VCR, Microwave, and Stereo Repair. 
2629 EI Cajon Blvd. 293-7707. (11/10-
11/28) 
Mac Expert. Group: Macintosh Repair/ 
Installation/Purchase/RAM ·15 
MINUTES FREE· FREE 250 MB Games 
• Hall Price of Bookstore. 888-6553 (11 / 
10-12/1) 
COMPUTER REPAIRS in your home, 
dorm or office. PC!Macintosh, hardwarel 
software. AlIO, custom Unix installation. 
Studentdiscounls! Mike, 622-9079. (11 / 
10-12/1) 

------------------

PROFESSIONAL RESUMES, letters 
and term papers. Best word profeSSing 
services at competitive rates. Accurate, 
fast and guaranteed satisfacfion. Ashley 
558-7614. (10/31-11/28) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION , 
consulting and troubleshooting. 
Individual or group leSIOns. Flexible 
houlS. Mike 792-9622. (10/20-1/19) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER at Hillerest 
needs healthy volunteers, ages 18 to SO, 
for a 2 hour ·Eyeblink Study." S10 pius 
parking wi" be provided. Call Pattie at 
543-2314. (10/10-11/28) 
Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
applications, resumes. Accurate/Fast/ 
ConfidentIal seIVice.MaryAnn452-9439. 
(10/3-12/1) . 
WORD PROCESSING SERVICES Any 
size job, any type of job. Call Carol 481 -
6364. (9120-12/1) 
WRITING PROBLEM? Professional 
writer with 350 publication credits offers 
ethical aSSistance with any writing 
project. Also word·processlng, editing, 
tutoring, critiquing, etc. Over 25 years 
academic experience. Bill Delaney 966-
1641 . (9120-119) 

" \yrED 
Roommate wanted: Female, own bath/ 
bedroom , $349 + utilities, near 
laundrymat & mal, by USD, 15 min to 
UCSD. CaB 295-9480. (11/28-12/1) 
Needed: Reliable math/sci tutors with 
own transportation. Easyworf<. Call 645-
8505 and leave your name and phone. 
(11/21 -11/28) 
WANTED: Tutor to assist beginner on 
Apple to use Amertca Online. Experience 
preferred. 270-1252. (11/21-11/28) 
MOTHER'S HELPEfl for 2 and 4 year 
old In Solana Beach. 12 to 20 hrslWk. 
Refs req'd. $7 "'r. Please no calls after 5 
p.m. 755-4699 (11/14-11/28) 
FEMALE EGG DONOR NEEDED 
immediately to anonymously help infertile 
professional coupie to have a baby. 
Caucasian, northem European descent. 
Blue/green eyes. 18-30 yrs old married 
& children. Generous compensation 

The UeSD Guardian 

provided. Contact San DIego fertility 
center. (Recipient Code KG) 673-0885. 
(11/14-11/28) 
UCSD MEDICAIL CENTER at HYlerest 
needs healthy volunteers, ages 18to SO, 
for a 2 hour ·Eyebllnk Study •. $10 r-Ius 
parking will be provided. Cal Pattie at 
543-2314. (11/14-12/1) 
BabysItter Wanted: Looking for creative, 
energetic perlOn 10 care for 2 active 
preschoolers. 1-2 afternoons, plus some 
evenings. Call 759-2238. (10/31-11/28) 
TWINSI If you are an'ldlntlcal or 
trat.rnIIl twin, pi .... participate In a 
UCSD P.ychology experlm.nt. 
Partlclpanta will be monetarily 
companHtad, Cell J. La,..n at 534-
8283. (10/17-12/1 ) 
Subjects wanted for a study on alcohol's 
effects. If you are a Japan ... , Chine .. , 
or Korean, Amerlcan-bom male, call 
Scripps Research for more Information. 
554-7240. Subjects reimbursed. (10/10-
12/1 ) 

1.0~T .\'\1) FOl .'\B 
LOST: WHEELCHAIR ON 10/31 from 
party in Solana Beach. Desperately 
needs to be retumed. No questions 
asked. Call Dan at481-8037. (11/17-11 1 
28) 

PEH~C );'\ .\L~ 
Chi Omega congratulates Beta Theta PI 
winners of our second annual fug 0' warl 
Thanks to all who participated! (11128) 
LUGE your mind with Beta Theta Pi. (111 
28) 
"Sn" -2 more weeks left! Let's go skilngl 
::Nuzzle:: - Zlmonysklma. (11/28) 
DAN May the force be with youl 
KATHERINE, May Karoake bring a glow 
to your face as long as I'm nol singing it. 
Stephan. (11/28) 
Balertlee, Okay, only two more weeks. 
No stress, 'kay? The frogs on thelillypads 
are cheering for you. ::Ribbit: : -MNE (11/ 
28) 
UCSD CAN KICK MY ASSI Non-paid 
advertisement (11/28) 
The Quarter is ALL MOST OVER -
Praying (11/28) 
Not seen it. What am I up against? 
Please send tape: There it Is, 3368-F 
Governor Drive '189, SD Ca 92122. 
(11/21-12/1) 
Ted and SImone: Whars this week's 
movie? By the way latte-boy, not even 
your grandma would fall for Ihe 01' 
yawning, arm around the shoulder 
routinel (11/28) 
Em: We need you on Tuesdayl (11/28) 
ANNETTE: Meet me at Elmo's UFO 
Drive-In Restaurant in Ellwood, MN on 
Dec 15 -_then can see Jeff at S!. Olil's 
CoNege of Design. DARTH GREMLIN 
(11/28) 

D 
WE ARE OPERATED BY 

UCSD STUDENTS 
TO SERVE THE CAMPUS 

COMMUNITY 

p 
Located in the 
Student Center 

Hours M-F 10 - 5 
Phone 534-4279 

Close~ut sale prices on all 
. . 

'94 models of Raleigh and 
Mongoose bikes in sto~k 

Inexpensive bike repair and tune-ups 
Mountain Bike Rentals 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

GlASSES & : CONTACT 
EXAM I LENSES 
co .. p~::~~~9 i :O~:;;E $89 
___ ~.~~4 ____ I_D~~~:::T~s.::.E~~~ 

CHANGE YOUR EYES TO A 
NEW AND EXCITING 

C tP~ $149 ~~~SIONS 
COLORED LENSES, ... CLUDES EXAM . 

CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT OR JUST WALK IN . OPEN 7 OAYS. 

LOCATE~~ LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE THE ...... 
453-2260 

USED 
L VIS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS I FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN' MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FA IRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
.... ___ -vPEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220 ____ ~ 

EQUIP YOUR TRIP HERE 
10 TIckata.., All cae.! 

!~!~!!!1~~~~~ 
Convtrl.lrom Trevel PKIl1D BlCk PICk. 

Ct~Trl'/llst,.p. $7999 IIg. LJIMIIIII WIlTlnIy 
Comp. $130.00 

, :. ( 1 ---I 



" 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardi_ Moaclay, November 28, 19M 

UCSD·. filii sports t..as COIltinaed 8 .... ·tnIdItIon of _ce •••• the 
...... bIk_ • look beck .... bids • fond ,.. •• 11 to ."uatl ... 
Tlltoa ethlet_ with some career stab ..... quot_ frotn co ......... 

TODAY'S ISSUE: MEN'S & WOMEN'S SOCCER, WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 

UCSD Rolls Past Regular 
Season; Takes Second 

Dawn Lee 
Statt: 5G, 14A. 24 Points 
"I wish I had her for four 
years because she's the 
best transfer player UCSD 
has eve~ had and is a role 
model for other players . " 

Daphne Farnum 
Statt: 6G, SA, 20'Points 
' She's greatly improved 
and is proof that if you're 
willing to go that extra 
yard you can end up in the 
National Final." 

VaIIG¥ Zo«1IOffN/GfwrliMl 
Heather .... 
StatI: 2G, 4A, 8 Points 
"A coaches dream, she 
never gave up and kept at 
it even with irWwtes that 
would have made other 
players quit: 

For some people, the UCSD women's soc-
cer team 's fall to Trenton State in the NCAA 
Championship might be considered a less-
than-fulfilling end to the season. 

But only to an outsider. "There have been 
years in the past where a loss in the Final Four 
meant a disappointing season," UCSD Head 
Coach Brian McManus said. "But not this 
year, this was by no means disappointing. We 
had a great year." 

Despite losing to Trenton, the 1993 na-
tional champions and holder of a NCAA 
record 32-game winning streak, the Tritons' 
season-review is nothing but a highlight film. 

UCSD finished the year at 14-1-3 after 
extending its regular-season unbeaten streak 
,035 games and ending the regular season as 
the top-ranked team in the country. 

For the Tritons, just being able to field a 
team was sometimes a victory. Injuries rav-
aged the squad, leaving McManus without 
enough players to have a full practice until 

the fourth week of the 
season. 

"We ended up 
playing catch-up in 
the middle of the sea-
son because we 
started off with all of 
the injuries. But hav-
ing the players play-
ing hurt and coming 
back from the inju-
ries, t hat really 
showed the character 
of the team," 
McManus said. 

But the Tritons 
managed to survive 
and even thrive, as 
evidenced by a 14-0 
vaporization of La 
Verne and a 1-0 win 
over Division I Cal 
State Fullerton, which 

yeltwv Zololorev/GuardiBt! McManus considers 
the high point of the regular season. 

"That game was right in the middle of our 
hardest run of games of the season. We could 
have been intimidated by this physical Divi-
sion I team, but we met them head on, 
matched them and just took care of business, " 
the coach said, 

The regional playoffs took the Tritons to 
WisconsiD where they squeaked by SI. 
Mary 's~l-O, before handling host Wisconsin-
Stevens Poini, 3-1, in the Regional Final. 

Hosting the Final Four, UCSD faced 
sixth-ranked North Carolina Wesleyan and 
came away a 2-0 victor in the semifinal. 

The Final began nightmarishly for the Tri-
tons, who fell behind 2-0 only four minutes 
into the game. But the Tritons came back to 
take the lead before Trenton took advantage 
of a lucky bounce and Captured the crown, 4-
3, in triple-overtime. 

"That was our best moment of the season," 
McManus said. "Trenton State was a great 
team and there isn't another Division III team 
in the country that could have rome back like 
we did. And I've been getting calls and let-
ters from people I don't know telling me how 
it wu the best Final four game they'd ever 
seen." 

-....... 

VII<ov Zo«1IOlf!II/GlMtdfIlll 

Tritons Recover to Reach Quarterfinals 
It wasn't the kind of season the defending 

national champion UCSD men's soccer team 
had planned. The Tritons started the year by 
losing starting goalkeeper Micahel Madden 
and then dropped three of their first five 
games. 

But Head Coach Derek Armstrong's team 
refused to panic ... After those first few games, 
nobody gave up, we just rolled up our sleeves 
and went to work," Armstong said. 

The team began to turn things around and, 
despite finishing the season at 13-6-2, were 
as ready for playoffs as any team in the coun-
try. 

Armstrong actually cites one of UCSD's 
losses as a crucial point for the team. "The 
USD game [a 3-2 Triton loss] was a real con-
fidence builder and convinced us we could 
play at that level. 

"At the beginning of the season, our goal 

BrIan 1onI1Ic .... 
"He's Mr. Reliable. 
He came in a lot for 
us when others were 
irlured and s0me-
times played 90 
percent of a lame.·. 

was just to make it to 
the Final, but once we 
got to the playoffs, we 
were playing so well 
we changed that goal 
to winning the Final," 
Armstrong said. 

The Tritons ran 
through Regional 
playoffs, trouncing 
Colorado College, 3-
0, and defeating 
Gustavus Adolphus, 
2-0. But UCSD wu 
forced to travel to 
Bethany, WV, where 
the host team 

squeaked paat the Tritons in a penalty kick 
shootout. 

"We had a shaky start, but it turned into a 
very good scason," Armstrong said. "We have 
such high standards for this team, but I still 
COJllicier this a very succeafulseaon for \11,. 

-.... --

Left: 
JtIf Klein 

Top Photo: 
Robert Ripley 
Stats: 6G, 5A, 
17 Points 
"A real popular 
player who was a 
great person to 
have on the 
squad." 

Left: 
Todd CUrran 
Stats: 14G, BA, 
36 Points 
"He is a great 
performer who 
has a knack for 
getting goals, 
especially game 
winning goals .• 

StMa: 00, 1.4, 1 Point 
"He had a tough time with 
Injuries but this year he had 
some invaluable time at 
midfield that really helped us 
tum the year around .• 

Not PIGtured: 
MIchIe! MIdden 
"A bit of a slow starter, but he 
always came up bie In the 
pl8)'Offs end rose to the 
occasion. He ended up as a 

VINIv ZOIcItom/GuMIIIn real team leader last )'8 •• " 

MODday,Nov~r28,I994 

JennK.i lcIIIiIeId 
at.ta: 104GP, 1,111.4 
"Jennifer cortinued to 
improve as the year went 
on. She was a good 
motivator for the team.· 

YrIMN ZoIotorw/GuarU/1/II 
Top: 
julie "'rvey 
Stats: 685K, 1,039 
digs 
"Julie was incredibly 
dedicated to the team 
throughout her career. 
She's just a great all-
around player." 
RI&ht 
....... erou 
Stats:581K,263 
blocks and 260 digs 
"Crosser has provided 
solid blocking and 
great inside offense for 
the team for four 
years .• 

LSAT e ' GM'T • GIE • MCAT 

1111 ......... ~ .. .,. ... 
This year, over 30,000 sludenll will lake our 
LSAT. GMAT, GRE, and MCAT oounee. ' Our 
small ctaaee. conslsl of 8 to 15 studenll 
grouped by shared l""t'!Jllting .tre~ and 
weaknesses, 10 you'. jet plenty of penonaJ 
attenlion, We send learns of our hlihty 
trained instruclors to C'oIery test 
adminlstralion to emure that we have up-to-

date materials, 

......... 
Our Guides 10 TIu! 8e8t Bwri-. Law, 
and Medical Schools Il()( onl), profile 
schools, but also include the reaulll of 
lOme of the tacpt studenl and 
administrator surveys ever condUCIed, And If 
you're nO( ready for more claaaa, America\! 
~_-.J 1bp 100 Intemship8IS the mosl popular guide 

of its kind, 

For more infonnalion about our courses, please call us at 
(800) 2·REVft:W, To order one or more of our books, 
please calt (800) 793·800K. 

-.. --.~ [ ·mall; Imo.m"k'w <!Om 
Amerle. OnIlIM: ~~· .. ord ~ Ntauk"t ­
World 'ft'kk \\'eh http;!""'-. ' te\'N!w.ootn 
4iopher' ~ re1'ie.com 

~~CETO~ ~"REVIEW 
(.)!-REnW 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

Eurallpas~c~ .. - 1 
I 

.·ver-tls·1og n 1: the 
action of calling something 
to the attention of the public, 
esp. in the UCSD Guardian 

~,534-3466 

SPORTS 19 

KrIItI AIkeIand 
Stata: 331K, 206 blocks and 
472 digs 
" Kristl has been with the 
team for four years and has 
been a solid presence in the 
middle. She has a great 
attitude about the game.· 

Tritons Can't Topple 
Top-Ranked Bears 

The UCSD women's volley-
ball team 's season was cut short 
by a heartbreaking defeat to 
number-one ranked Washington 
University (MO) in the NCAA 
quarterfinals last weekend. 

However, no one who saw 
the Tritons gutsy performance 
against the three-time defending 
champion Bears would deny 
them any of the credit they de-
serve for their strong season. 

"We had a tremendous year 
and I am extremely proud of the 
way our team played all season 
long," Head Coach Doug Dan-

1:1] 

nevik said after the NCAA loss. 
UCSD posted a strong 27-7 

record during its 1994 cam-
paign and lost just one contest 
in the 15 which led up to the 
showdown with the Bears. 

The Tritons ' overcame a 
number of key injuries during 
the season to reach the 
quarterfinals and were, in the 
minds of most, the second best 
team in Division III this year. 

"UCSD is too good a team 
not to be going to the Final 
Four," Washington AIl-Ameri-
can Amy Albers explained. 

46'0 ~SIOt4 IAl' Dtl/VI- SN4 DIEGO, CAlIFOlHIA ,.109 

275-1132 
1 00/ All REPAIRS /0 OFF With thiS coupon 

--. -.. ____ UC60 10, 
"EXCIIJI- _ , •• ,-.,~, '1 .000-' NaI_.... _ . 1l'0III5. 

1 Pair 
COLORED Contacts 

W J, Fu:sa LooIs 
1'1.010 ' 6,00 
IIIwIEJa.~"" 

""1dI~,.rdIuIt""" 
cWIIdlnl ............ 

~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLES 

=~$129 
=:ED $139 

• fIIaaIIrnoMs PIIID 
• GI.usu DUPUCAlID 
• COMN1I m IIAMS 

• No ~ NICISSMT 
Sf HAllA 'SlAHOt 

••• 

.. 

• 



, 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 28,1994 

OUEHTIME 
GREGG WRENN P RT--~ 

00:03, 00:02, 
00:01 ... 

So, overtime is in its waning 
seconds. Time for the two 
minute drill. 

UCSD Hoops Poaches Hawks 
For the regular followers of 

this column, I apologize. This 
will not be my usual column, 
full of witty repartee and lucid 
insights into the human pastime 
known as sports. 

nP-OFF TOURNEY: Tritons get first 
win of season after first-round loss 

I was kidding about that last 
part, of course. My column has 
never been accused of lucidity, 
although in my defense I must 
point out that I did spell 
repartee correctly. That's twice. 

I suppose this could be 
called my sendoff from the 
world of UCSD sports. I've 
been with the Guardian since 
the Winter Quarter of 1991 , 
going from staff writer to 
associate sports editor to sports 
editor to senior staff writer and 
back to sports editor, the title I 
share now with fellow 4ger Fan 
Dan Kraft. (We used to have a 
policy against hiring non-4ger 
fans, but we lost the team-
discrimination suit filed against 
us last year. So, now, the "4ger 
Fan" signifies who you can 
trust, especially since we were 
forced to hire Associate Sports 
Edjtor Tedd Ladd, who is a 
Cowboys fan, for God's sake.) 

In that span, I have written 
articles about every intercolle-
giate team, save women 's water 
polo plus most of the club 
sports. I have gone to a monster 
truck show, learned to water ski 
(well, not exactly ski, but I was 
doing great at being dragged 
behind the boat), talked with 
Ted Leitner, traveled to upstate 
New York for 40 hours, visited 
the Chargers' locker room and 
was paid to drink beer, all in 
the name of journalism. 

While my first stories were 
about the softball team, my 
most important beat has 
become women 's soccer, which 
I took over in the fall of '91. In 
fact, the only player still on the 
team from when I started is 
Heather Sears, and only then 
because she redshirted a year. 

Yes, I did ask to cover 
women 's soccer, but not for the 
rea on which every guy I tell 
about my job automatically 
assumes. I wanted to write 
about a winning team, and 
since I've covered them the 
squad has lost only seven 
games. And no, I will not set 
you up with or introduce you to 
any of the players. 

Actually, you're too late. 

By Greg Wrenn 
Co-Sports Editor 

It was the kind of early-season 
victory every young team needs. 

HH~HET 
~-"'4~ 
BRLL 

After a diffi-
cult 0-2 start, 
including a 
hard-to-swal-
low 95-75 
loss to Occi-
dental on Fri-
day night, the 
UCSD men's 
basketball 
team got its 
first win of the 
season Satur-
day evening, 
taking third 

place in the Triton Tip-Off Tourna-
ment with a 118-94 win over Chris-
tian Heritage. 

But before the Tritons could cel-
ebrate Saturday 'S win, they needed 
to suffer through Friday 's contest 
with the Tigers. 

It was actually an even contest 
through the first 20 minutes. The 
teams went to halftime tied at 46, 
but Occidental played the first few 
minutes of the second half as if 
UCSD was still in the locker room, 
rattling off to straight points before 
the Tritons could respond. 

It was all downhill from there as 
the Tigers cruised to the 20-point 
victory behind the team's 11-15 (73 
percent) three-point shooting and 
junior forward John Pike's 30 
points. 

"They were just tougher than we 
were, mentally. It was a poor sec-
ond half effort for us, especially for 
them to come out like they did. It's 
easy for us to win if we're shooting 

well, but we need to 
learn how to re-
spond to adversity," 
UCSD Head Coach 
Greg Lanthier said. 

Christian Heri-
tage, which had lost 
to Point Loma, 95-
76, the previous 
night figured to be 
an easier target for 
the Tritons, but the 
game didn't start 
out that way. 

After a Kahlil 
Allen trey put the 
Tritons up 3-21:20 
into the game, the 
Hawks went on an 
8-0 tear to take a 
10-3 lead when 
Beau Sager hit an 
easy jumper. 

But UCSD was 
not going to give up 
quite that easily. 
The Tritons fought 
back and took the 
lead back when 
Todd Benetar made 
the first of his six 
three-pointers to 
give UCSD a 17-16 
edge with 10:45 to 
play in the first half. 
The Tritons never Greg WreM/GuMdIBfl 
trailed after that. Matt Mlnnehan drlv .. the lane for two of h .. 11 points durinJ Saturday'. win, 

UCSD ended 
the half up by 10, 45-35, after a 
beautiful backdoor, inbounds play 
to Matt Minnehan just beat the 
buzzer. 

While the Tritons did manage 
some success inside with Minnehan 
and Matt Aune, most of the UCSD 

offense played like there was wet 
paint inside the lane. Along with 
Benetar's six treys, Jason Barnes 
struck five times from downtown 
while Maik Sebek had four three-
pointers. In all, the Tritons were 22-
52 from three-point land, including 

three during a 9-2 run that put 
UCSD up by 25, 86-61, with 7:15 
to play. 

While Benetar led the team in 
three-pointers, it was freshman Paul 
Roberson that led the team in scor-

See M, HOOP, Page 13 

Athenas Outwit Tritons 
For 59-53 TriUDlph 
By Dan Kraft 
Co-Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's basketball 
team started its season promisingly 
enough with a 77-51 thrashing of 
Redlands University on Nov. 18. 
However, as with any season, there 
are bumps in the road to success 
which a team in transition must en-
dure, and one of those bumps hit the 
Tritons last Tuesday in the form of 

defeat at the Triton Gymnasium to 
drop the Tritons to 1-1 on the young 
season. UCSD struggled on offense 
hitting just one of 14 three point at-
tempts and managing a meager 20 
points in the second half. 

Chuck NCuyen/GuMdlMI Claremont College. 

The Tritons led at halftime by a 
score of 33-23 on 15 of 35 shooting 
from the field and continued to con-
trol the momentum of the game with 
pressure defense well into the sec-
ond half before they experienced an They're very smart and quickly 

See OVERTIME, P3ge 14 Amy Franzen eUshes the ball off to a teammate In Tunday' ... me. Claremont dealt UCSD a 59-53 See W, HOOP, Page 13 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

Men'. "'etINIll: 
Thurs.-Sat., Dec. 1-3, at University of Redlands Tourney 

Women' .... etINIIl: 
Sat., Dec. 3, at Pomona-Pitzer College, 3 p.m. 

.wl ............... DIY8nI: 
Thurs.-Sat. , Dec. 1-3, at .Speedo Cup in Long Beach 

INSIDE: 

-

.. lor ...... : 
UCSD says 
goodbye to 
graduating senior 
athletes from three 
teams: men's and 
women's soccer, 
and women's 
volleyball 

COLO 


