
ELIEWHERE 

....... c..Ider 

.... ofR .... ood. · 
SANTA CRUZ - The UC 
Regenta tentatively agreed to 
sell 470 ICRI of ancient 
ledwood forest in the Santa 
Cruz area to a login, 
company buecI in Humbodlt 
County, lIyi .. the .... bave 
DO ICIMIemic val .... The Eel 
River s.w.m. Inc.·s $2.38 
miUioD bid lor the land 
outdIR"OId the environmen-
tal OrpNntion Save-the-
Redwoodl Leaaue by 
~,OOO. UCs.a Quz 
official.1Iid that they have 
no &1M for the property and 
need the money more than the 
land. The UC Repats will 
consider the bid aa their 
meeting May 19 and 20. 

UCSF ...... 
RU481....., 
SAN FRANCISOO-
R IE nrcb ... IlJC SID FIm-
ciIIco bepn IIIIIIina of Ibe 
CXiIIIoWIIiII"abortion" pill 
RU486 for abe tint time in Ibe 
UaiIed SIIIII .... n-IIy. The 
FDA-tIppftMd ..... willlIy to 
deeermino the minimum ... 
nee ybe«ective .. oIlbe 
FIencb-deYeIope "mar .. 
... pill." RU486 ...... 1eIIId 
... CIIDeIJ*Y ~w 
bwomen who baYe MIl 
UIIpI'<JfIedDd leX IDd do not WIllI 
10 become JRIIIIM. 

JunkBond .... 
UncI .............. 
LOS ANGELES - The UC 
RepnIs moved to find a way out 
of UCLA'aledure contract 
with convic:ted junk bond 
financier Michael Milken, 
who receives 9' pen:ent of 
net Illes from videotlpel of 
his on-campus lectures. State 
IeDaton criticized the 
univenity and repats for 
helping rehabilitate MiIken'. 
reputation followinl his 
felony conviction. Aecording 
to UCLA offICials, Milken 
was invited to tacb students 
how financial theories lie 
\lied in the business world. 

GIANTS 
.. 1U8: A .ro.6 
Riven production play. 
at Mandell W" • 
... 11: Women's 
WIlIer polo captunI 
CaUfonlia Open " 

INDEX 

... __ ".~ ........... " ....... _ J 
CAL_ ........... ~.ON ....... I 
-- ............................... _ .. 
.'IUI ........ ON ....................... 81 
a.&Mi_ ......•• _ ................. .14 

~ ................ _ •• __ ........... 11 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC MN DIEGO THURSDAY, MAY 5, 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE 12 

Tesak Wins Presidential Reelection 
" 

A.a.: Tables tum on 
Guevara following 
Judicial Board 
disqualification 
., ....... c_ .. 
AssocI .. ,.,.,. Editor 

Carla Tesak will usume the 
position of AS. president for a 
IICCOnd consecutive year after de-
fcatiD, her opponent, Poncho 
Guevara, with 1,001 votes to his 
734, in the reelection decided yes-
terday. 

In the oriainal AS. presiden-

tial election, Guevara won by a 
margin of five votes. However, his 
victory wa called into question 
by Financial Controller Tuesday 
Hancock, who accUICd Guevara 
of six different election bylaw vio-
lations because of endonement 
fliers posted around campus by 
the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC). 

Two weeks aao, the A.S. Judi-
cial Board found Guevara guilty 
of three of the six violations and 
determined that the SAAC fliers 
had a "substantial effect" on the 
presidential elections. As a result, 
the board invalidated the 1994 A.S. 

presidential elections and man-
dated that a new election be held 
before sixth week of the quarter. 

"I'm excited about the results 
and I'm motivated to work hard 
this year," Tesak said. '"The stu-
dents, by showing their mus num-
bers today, have proved their sup-
port for me, and I hope to live up to 
their expectations." 

Guevara's response to the elec-
tion outcome was, "It·s not over." 

Th~ election saw a turnout of 
1,752 votin, students. Tesak said 
she believes the 267-vote margin 
she aa:ruedover Guevara, a com-

See ILEcnON, Page 3 
UnIwerIIty Ale Photo 

A.a ....... dent c... T .... 

Forlr Years Afler Brown Craig, Falk 
Rellloved 
Frolll .A.S. 
Posts 

ROMISE S 

ARE 

AMERICAN 

SCHOOLS 

STILL 

SEGREGATED 

AFTER FOUR 

DECADES?-

/ 

HE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF nlE BROWN 

v. BotI,d ofEdMc4tioll cue could not have 
come at a better time for Thur,ood 

Marshall Collele, which is preparing to com-

memorate ita new name and its focus on law 

and educalion. 

The College will sponsor a symposium on 

Monday on the U.S. Supreme Court decision, 

Browra, which concluded that "separate but 

equal" IICbooIs, IIUIde lepl by the infamous 

Plaq v. Fe,,.,.. cue, lie unconstitutional. 

In ita deciaioa, the court said that .. ...,.,..e 
educ:alional facilities are inherently unequal" 

and that the plaintiffs were deprived of equal 

protection under tbe 14th Amendment. 

The symposium, entitled "Forty Years After 

See BROWN, PICe 8 

By DAI KRAUSS, 
CO-NElS EDITOR 

VERDICT: A.S. Judicial Board 
finds executives guilty on six 
counts of election violations 
., ....... c ..... 
ANDel •• News Editor 

The A.S. Judicial Board found Vice 
President Finance Jennie Cni, and Vice 
President External Affairs Naomi Faile, 
members of the Students First! campaign 
slate, guilty 'of six election bylaw viola-
tions and ordered the candidates removed 
from office at a heann, on Tuesday night. 

Newly-reelected A.S. President Carla 
Tesak will appoint new officers to the 
positions. At issue was the slate's role in 
the production and distribution of fliers 
which placed it under the endorsement of 
the Student Affirmative Action Commit-
tee (SAAC). 

"We were not a part of the creation or 
distribution of these fliers. We did not uk 
[SAAC) to produce these fliers and there-
fore we should not be held accountable 
bec:a&IM we did not delegate authority to 
them," Crail said . 

.. It·' . ...... tbaa officers [whom] the 
IIhIdenta eIec:ted by a margin of 300-plus 
votes can he removed from office on what 
is _ntially a technicality," abe added. 

Durinl the election period, the Elec-
tions Board found Students First! guilty of 
three violations of elections bylaws for 
distn"buting campaign litenture on A.S. 
leuerhead. Although the board "felt that 
intent [ofviolatioa] wasn't really there," it 
abot1ened the slate's campaign period and 
froze ita budpt, 8CICOIdini to Elections 
Manapr Kelly Robb. 

TheJudiciaJ Boerd's~ision reads, "It 
is tile judament of lbe Judicial Baud Ihat 
lhese .... meroua violatioaa call into q .... 
tion the intepit, of ASUCSD elected po-
ail __ "'" it • our ruIi .. that tile positions 
of vice .,.... ftnaace aDd vice presi-
... eJdKUI affIin be v8Clded upon en. 

See MIIOVAL, PICe 9 



Z PlEWS 

Associate Vice 
Chancellor Leaves UCSD 
UNIVERSITY: Stanley Chodorow leaves California 
for a Pennsylvania provost position 
IIJ Mu M. s.n.r 
GIlardi,," Reporter 

Stanley A. Claodorow, associ-
ate vice chanceUor for Academic 
Planning and dean of Arts and 
Humanities, was named the new 
provost of the University of Penn-
sylvania following26 years of ser-
vice at UCSD. 

Project and the San Diego Writing 
Project to help "determine how 
UCSD relates as a campua to the 
outside academic community." 

As tbe Dean of Arts and Hu-
manities, Chodorow manaaed the 
History, Uterature, Philosophy, 
Music, Visual Arts and Physical 

Education De-
partments. He 
was"" involved 
with the admin-
istration of 1 5 in-
terdisciplinary 
propama includ- . 
ing each of the 
five colleges' 
writing programs 
and the Religious 
Studies program. 

As chief aca-
demic officer next to 
Pennsylvania's 
president, 
Chodorow will be 
responsible for c0-
ordinating and over-
seeing the educa-
tional policies of all 
sectors of the insti-
tution. Chodorow 
said he will also 
oversee the aca-
demic planning and 
budget of the univer-
sity. 

"Penni •• Chodorow taught ICveral un-
dergraduate 
courses, includ-
ing Fifth Col-
lege's Making of 
the Modern 
World, Revelle's 
Humanities and a 
variety of upper-
division semi-
nars . 

Chodorow said 
he looks forward to 
his new post at Penn-
sylvania. "Penn is a 
wonderful place 
which I think isabout 
to tske off," he said. 
"II's been a very suc-
cessful institution in 
the past few years, 
and I am excited 
about trying to gen-
erate the energy it 
wiU take to make it a 
really exceptional 
place." 

wor ..... ful place 
which I tIIlnk I. 
about to take 
off. It'. been a 
very succeuful 
Institution In the 
put few,..., 
.... I ..... xclted 
about tryI.., to 
.... end.tIIe 
.n.rD It will 
bike to mak. 
It. ""Iy 
exceptional 
place." 

. ~ .... A. CIIodofow 
Associate VIce Chancellor 

for Academic Planning and 
Dean of Arts and Humanities 

According to 
Chodorow, his 
work as a dean 
has been most re-
warding. "I have 
found it very sat-
isfying to be able 
to do wort to help 
my departmenta 
improve or pt 
stronger. These 
are probably the 
most Itanclard of 
my duties as 
dean, yet I always 
enjoy helping a 

During his tenure 
as associate vice 
chancellor, 
Chodorow said he 
was "heavily in-
volved with creating 
academic plans for 
UCSD and the UC 
system." Chodorow also took part 
in the recession-driven reassess-
ment of growth planning at UCSD. 
"At one time we' were looking at 
expanding this institution, at grow-
ing. But now we're looking at stay-
ing the same or getting smaller," 
Chodorow said. 

department to pt 
a well-respected professor or to 
keep one they already have." 

Further, OIodorow was respon-
sible for oversight of the English 
as a Second Language program, 
Subject A and various other test-
ing programs. He lCted as the liai-
son to primary .chool programs 
such as the Califomia Literacy 

Chodorow received his Ph.D. 
in medieval history from Cornell 
University in 1968 and became an 
assistant professor at UCSD the 
same year. In 1978, Chodorow 
was promoted to full professor. 
He chaired the UCSD Academic 
Senate from 1982-83 and became 
a member of the administration in 
1983. 

No replacements have yet been 
selected for either of Chodorow's 
two positions. 

ERRATA 
In the April 21 GlUU'dituJ article, "UCSD Students Power Submarine 

to Gold," Steve Huang was one of 15 engineers involved in the project. 
The GlI4rdUut regrets the error. 

GUiiIiAN" 
lIItea,,, S I, ......................... ..-...c,.. ........ _ 
IIIUCID ........ " ..................................... . 
...................... IIItUCID ..................... _" 
1IIIIIIMIII_.III.IIIt ........ II .............. --.. • 
.. __ .......... "IIItUCID ........ _"c:... ... 
.............. UCID ...... ,... ........... r. ... _ ........ 
.... ,.... ... 

The UCSD G_rdiaa Thunda,.. Ma,. 5. 1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

1 ~\IP~PU'I 
~EU'I~. 
MID 1 oaMl E'rut I.JI(£ 

~tuU. 
~T IIIICII. 

BRIEFLY ••• 

I'M ~-. 
~lMt.' • FIoa. 
t tI6 GOING 
10 1\IE OFReE 

~~'JP 
~V&l8N.L. 
Ib60IIT I0Il.' 

I 

Ktl -..-.,,,. If I'M ~T 
.. """. *" * r T~IM ~ ft.t\I Of 

\D.~ R55''STMCE? 

&.1W.TS 
~ 
PIlD8W/\! 
~ 1\IE.'f 

~ME" 
~flW¥. . 

OM I TIOU 
1IE~ 

Cl.MM~ 

Renowned String Quartet to Perform 
The MuW ScIrIrC QuMet wII perform on SIturdIy, cII1534-1414. 

... 7, .8 PJI. In ........... AucaorIum. .... 
cIudId In Ita ~ .. be .... WIlt COIIt premiere 
~ I WOfIc ..,~ JoIn , .. . 

The .... 9IrIrW QuMet parfannllMUIIIy It molt 
d .... major chamber fIIUIIc III1es In .... United 
StIlls, CInIdIand e..opa. It '*Il10 peIfonned In 
the CamecIe RecbI Hall and In the 92nd StrHt Y 
serIeIln New YOft(. 

The quartet, which II composed of vIoIlniats Peter 
ZazofIky end ~I .. , vtoIIst Steven Ansell and 
eelHst Michael Reynolds, his won two GrInd PrIx cIu 
Disque ewardI for .. EMI recordlrWS d the Frenck 
Quintet and Chaisson's Concert. op 21. 

TIckets can be pufChesed at the PrIce Center Box 
OffIce and Tlcketmaster outlets for $18, general _ 
mission and $10, students. For more Information call 
534=4090. 

Volunteer ConnectIon to 
...... Community Aw ....... 

The Volunteer Connection and the ASUCSO will 
host Hands On San 01810 on Saturday, May 14, In 
the Price Center Plaza. Students, campus oraanl-
zatlons and Individuals from San Olelo County will 
conereeate from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. to raise 
&ware ness and encourace hands-on participation 
In areas needlne help from the UCSO and San 
Oleeo community. 

Areas of specific concem Include health, 
homelcssness, children and the environment. The 
Volunteer Connection hopes that Hands on San 
Dleeo will help to encour.,e a continued Involve-
ment In the many social service Issues and lIIeo. 
cles In our county. 

To rellster for Hands On San Olelo, pick up a 
re.lstratlon form from the Volunteer Connection 
located on the second floor of the PrIce Center or 

Alu ... " AeeDdIItIon to Hold 
A ...... ....... 

The UCSD AlumnI AssocIation wli hold Its ..... 
..... banquet on Me U at 6 p.m. In the PrIce 
CenW allroom. The low award recIpIenta Include 
acbHI YInIII AItzmendI, honored for ProfessIonal 
AchIMment; Jerome Katzln, president of the UCSO 
foundation, Honorary Alumnus; Immo Scheffler, UCSD 
DepIrtment of BIoIotY, selected for the ~shed 
TeechlrWAward; and I...ueI WlIkenIrW, Ph.D., chance1-
lor of UC INIne, named OUtstandirw Alumna. 

The keynote speaker at the event will be c0lum-
nist/author Nell Morgen. Also Included In the PI'OCJWI1 
Is alilent auction to benefit the Alumni Association's 
scholarship procram and 8 performance by UCSO's 
Gotpel Choir. 

TIckets for the alumni awards dlmer are $45 per 
person and are open to the public. For more Inform&. 
tIon end l'8S8fVations call 534-3900. 

UCSD TINNItre Prof to DIrect 
Lyceu. Production 

"Spooks," a comedy by Don Evans, will be ItICed 
at the L)'CeUm Space Theatre at Horton Plaza from May 
19 throtCh June 5. ~ pier wi be directed by 
UCSO's Professor of Theatre FIo,d GIfrney and ~ 
cb:ed by Southeast CommurIIer l'hIatnt. 

The aettI,.ls • haootecllfUbellum mansion In the 
SpanIsh ~ woods of VifIInia, and the plot 
conc:ems • ~ black wrIttf' who has become rich 

foI~ the publication of his "rat novel. 
CurtaIn times are Thursday, FrIday Iftd SIUday at 

8 p.m end Sunday at 2:30 p.m. end 7:30 p.m. 
Admission Is $14 &eneral admlaslon and $12 senIori. 
For more Information call 262-2817. 

EdIIDIIII: 51 •• 10 ....... OIIIDI: 1M I ... 1'8: 5M-7111 
UC8 _ 11'. If IlOO II .. DIIw use, 

U ...... CA......-u 
__ ............... UCID ...... O'W ..... ·A· 

TImncI8,.. Ma,. 5.1994 The UCSD Cuardiaa NEWS. 
PLO Del~ate to UK Speaks on C8IlipIIS RAzA AWARENESS 
ARBITRAtION: Key 
representative from Arafat 
diSOJ.W.S historic 
Israeli/PLO Accords 
By Iv.n DeMnthiII St." Writer 

Afif Safieh. head of the Pales-
tine Liberation Organization 
(PLO) delegation to the United 
Kingdom, gave a short lecture at 
UCSD Monday concerning the 
PLO's plans to govem Gua and 
Jericho. 

Safieh's lecture came two days 
before the planned implementa-
tion of the historic Israel/PLO 
Accords signed in Washington last 
September. Wednesday's signing 
of the pact will usher in Palestin-
ian self-government of the Gaza 
Strip and the West Bank district of 
Jericho. Israeli troops will be re-
quired to evacuate the territories 
by the end of May. 

"We, the Palestinians, have 
. been the victims of the victims of 
European history, It Safieh said. He 
stressed that he is in favor of a 
pelCCful reapportionment of the 
territories in question and that "we 
mustabandonthedialogueofarms, 
and employ the arms of dialogue." 

Safieh cited statistics from a 
Palestinian public opinion poll, 
taken in August-September of 
1991, which indicated that 70 per-
cent of Palestinians supported the 
peICC process, 19 percent were 
indifferent and 11 percent were 
reluctant. 

Danny Katz, former vice chair 

of the San Diego Public Affains 
Committee (SANDPAC), an or-
ganization which promotes posi-
tive U .S./Israel relations and fights 
anti-Semitism at UCSD, said he 
was pleased with Safieh's presen-

ta~ion because the viewpoints ell-
pressed were not particularty radical. 

Katz expressed optimism about 
the peace negotiation. "1be Pales-
tinians are now our friends. We 
are going to be living together 
side-by-side. We have to learn to 
get along - we can't keep fight-
ing," Katz concluded. 

Any future plans for Palestin-
ian control over Easi Jerusalem 
will be deferred for three years. 
However, Safieh said he hopes 
Jerusalem will be divided between 
the Israelis and the Palestinians. 
"Jerusalem should remain undi-
vided but not united. 

"I am against unified munici-
pality for Jerusalem," he said. 

Katz and others said they are 
doubtful that the Israeli govem-
ment will agree to negotiate the 
status of Jerusalem. 

SANDPAC Vice Chair Inbal 
Israely said she hopes the Pales-
tinian views of peace talks ex-
pressed by Safieh are accurate. 
According to Israely, a poll of 
Palestinians taken Tuesday in 
Hebron by the Center for Palestin-
ian PDblic Opinion showed 54.2 per-
cent in support of the peace process, 
37.3 pacent opposed and 8.S percent 
indifIerent. 

Throughout the lecture, Safieh 
repeatedly stressed his optimism 
for the future. "We, the Palestin-

NEMESIS PROD U CT 10 N S 

BANX M.U.ON VALU:Y 
.... CA ...... L ... ...". 
IIPSCIAL ................. .... 

CALL~NII ... ,. 

$2 
OFF 

WITH FLYER 

INFO 979-9999 

iallS, have lived in difficult times. " 
Safieh said, "But for the first time 
in our history, Palestinian author-
ity, demography and pography 
will be overlapping." 

Following the lecture, Safieh 
fielded qucations from the audi-
ence for approximately 2S min-
utes. In response to a qucation 
raised concemingwhetherthe PLO 
will serve as a police force for 
Israelis to handle radical organi-
zations such as the militant Is-
lamic group Hamas, Safieh an-
swered that it is not the PLO's 
goal. 

"We are not intending to be-
comeasubordinate player," Safieh 
said. "We are to be the architects 
of the Palestinian resurrection." 

It was announced Monday that 
the United States, Europe and other 
countries will provide a three-year, 
$ 1.2 billion emergency-aid pro-
gram to help launch Palestinian 
self-rule in the West Bank and 
Gua Strip. 

Although the Gaza Strip and 
Jericho will be autonomous re-
gions, they will not be considered 
independent states since they still 
constitute Israeli territory. The fi-
nal status of the regions will be 
decided after an interim period of 
three years. In the meantime, Is-
rael his rele&wd S,(XX) PaIesIinian 
priaoners IS a ~ of pld faith. 

Safieh has held several key 
positions in the PLO, including 
posts as the deputy director of the 
Observer Mission to the United 
Nations and the representative to 
the Netherlands. 

V"fN Z~OIfN/ G.uIttII8fI 
Festivities In PrIce Center .,.rt of Rau Aw ........ Week. 

ELECTION: 
ContInued from .,..e 1 
pared to the five-vote margin by 
which he won in the previous 
election, is a more accurate re-
flection of students' opinion. 

"I think [the results] bring to 
light how students really feel," 

she said. 
According to A.S. Adminis-

trative Assistant Anna 
Catalanollo, the cost for the re-
election is approximately 
$1,500-$1600, compared to 
$6,000 for the General Spring 
Election. "We tried our best to 
cut costs with this election," 
Catalanotto said. 

You've seen our ads, now come check us out! Come hear about: 

~ THE STRUCTURE OF THE MCAT (we'll do a Sample PassaiC) 
~ WHAT SCORES WORK WHERE (we'll give you a data sheet) 

~ TIMING AND RETAKE CONSIDERATIONS 

~ MCAT ACING STRATEGIES-THE "IVE PLANKS 

~ WHY INTENSIVE PROGRAMS ARE THE ONLY WAY TO Go 

~ THE HYPERLEARNING PROGRAM-P'ORMAT AND R •• ULT. 

~ THE MEDICAL SCHOOL INTERVIEW (free 13 page boo/clet provuud) 

At 46 class meetings and 140+ hours, we.,offer the most instructionally in-
tensive commercial prep course in the country for the new-fonnat MeAT. 
Will such grinding be suitable for you? Come find out. 

Sponsored by: ~J. f(U~ (J..M.l e~ 

e · 



. • OPINION 
...... UCSD Guidiaa 

PINION 
o r trY ear & Aft e r B row n v. Boa r d 0 fEd u cat ion 

. PROMISE BETRAYED? 
~:Pererbo~ 
professor of political science 
Interview by DouI Aleunder 
Opinion Editor 

BlACK, WtITE, SEPMATE, UNEQUAL. As we approach the anniver-sary of Brottm v. Board of E~ tion, the historiccourtdecision which overturned the segregation pol .. 
cies of American schools, these words 
have as much meaning today as 
they did 40 years ago. 

As Political Science Pr0-
fessor Peter Irons points 
out, in the post-Brown era 
the American public school 
system has become in-
creasingly segregated and 
is marked by radical dispart-
ties infundingbetween schools 
with primarily black and Chicano 
populations and those with primarily 
white populations. Instaad of formal 
laws enforcing separate and unequal 
schools, today, Irons says, segregated hous-
ing pattems and "gerrymandered" school 
districts are to blame. Beneath this trend 
of "de facto' segregation, Irons sees 
a continued and widespread resis-
tance to racially integrated public 
schools, and wams of not only the 
damage inflicted on students 
trapped in poorlyfunded schools, 
but also of an Impending 

- Balkanization of the American 
state. 

Irons has helped organize the 
forthcomi~ Thurgood Marshall Instt-
Me symposkJn, "Forty Years After 8nMn: 
The Promise and Reality of SchooIInteea-
tIon." 
o • .. ... 1111 ......... ,. 
III •••••• 1 ............. ., ••• 
..... ..., ... -........ ... 
............ 

When Third College wu renamed Jut year 
and Thurgood Marshall CoUegewaaablished, 
the provost and I decided that it wa appropriate 
10 hold a symposium IS thefust real event of the 
Marshall Institute. We wanted it to foaUI on 
Mmhall's partiallu concerns, and the 40th 
anniversary of Brown v. Board was the obvious 
IOpic. 
.............. "' .... ...." 
..... _"' ............ ,.. 
....... CD dCIr .......,.t., 

This is more than just a commemoration. 
Obviously, we are going to ce1ebrate the deci-
sion because it is so significant in American 
history, but we're also goina to take a aitical 
look, u the Iympolium title ....... , at the 
experience with 1ChooI -integration since the 
BroMIfI dociaion, and whether in filet the court's 
promise of inlegrlted ~ .. been tar-
riedout. A number of the panel_ win deal with 
!his particular iuue. 

I think it'. very clear, from RICIR:h that'. 
been done in the Jut several years, that IChooI 
segrepIion. .. iI increuiJl&. There are I number 
of different explanations for !his, but I think it'. 
clear that there'l no 10., I national commit-
ment toward inregrared IChooIs, in the IIeIIIe of 
distributing students IS widely II pouible to 
reflect !heir proportioIlI of the population. 

Then would you lIy that the promise of 
integration, IS implied by Brown, ... not paid 
off? 

I think that one thina iI clear. The BroMIfI 
decision poinled out that ..,..... education 

_ ....... "...8 

COMiiEh'TAIIY: Despite the promise of Brown, segregation 
and inequality have become the hallmark of public schools 
Br KIIIr Lytle tioa is I public eervice which eaten eo the 
Contt#butirw OpInion Writer enhnchiIed and CIpitIIizeI on the poor. 

TIE IMIMS (IIIPJIOU( HAVE SfAW!D Forty years aftertheBroMIfI decision, Ameri-and rmareption .. aurfaced II can public IICbooIs are ItiU IepU1IIe and the ~ to foftled nee reIa- unequal. Inner~ ICbooIs often receive tiona. White flight out of the public: leu than half of the funding per student IChooI system, racial demograph- compared to their suburban counterputs, 
ic:sanddilproportiolDfuncIiD&haveaerved aeating what"'-tbOn KozaI c:alis "Savage 
IOcrateaepuaIC and uaequaI education for 1nequa1ities."lnhill991studyofAmeric:an 
whitel and people of color. publiclChooll, KoDI found thatwhilellllllY 

American IOCiety ila demognpbic:aIly, IUburban adxJoIs spend over $12,000 per 
lepIIy and econornic:aIJy .... ted. While Itudent, their inner-c:ity CIOIIIIIeIpartIIpeDd 
whites CIOIIIpCIIe 61 peRleIlt of the welfare leu than $3,000. KomI aIIo ~ that 
population, the dirpropodioute aumber of WJ'hepooreltcliltric:cailltllec:ityaetIpplOD-
African Americ:ana wIIo qualify for welfare mately 90 ceaII per pupil fIum Ie&iIIIdw 
isabhorrent. PeopIeofcolorOWlllittlecapital ....... while the richeIt diIIrida have been 
in our economy, IDd wkiIe maay lUck do &ivea $14 for .:II pIIIiI.. I..ibwiae. Ibe 
letaaadeatcrlli ... pIid........... Coaunuaity Service SociIty '-' ... It 
of money, they CXJIIIIOIIIOIIIiI&- The dileo- is ;"""'pIbIe that .... inequaIiIieI are 
hncbiled baveJialeay ia pIbIicpolicy and _III perpeIIafiDd 011 the diItrida which are 
have been reIeped eol voiceIea poIition of virtually bIadt and Hiapaaic," and while 
tlCidyacceptilllpublica.vicepndiccll,no tbereisnoevideDceof"'clelibenleindividaal 
mailer how poor tbeIIe pnlCCicelMIy be. diIcIimillIIioa...daewboallocalel'llOURW 

The penunent policy IowanI raciai bar- mab cIeciIioaI over and over apin which 
mony lias been lobe illt$1Iiou. Fedem penalize the pooaI diIIricta. " 
apncies, IUCb IS the FecIeIaI HouIiIll Au- The eft'ec:tI of diminillling fundi.' are 
Ihority (FHA), whidI appiOpiille fundi un- eapeciaUyapparentinthecoaditionlofpub-
der the guile of equal 0I1iIMer1tioa for all, lie ICbooII in poor dislricts. One Itudeat at 
have pRIIIIIIIed .... pIlE lace of white New York Oty 'I Morria High SchooI,wbicb 
....... and edUIic ..... wid! miIbIndIed has a 38 percent blllck and 62 percent 
mJIaIiZItion ,... and dilcrimillllory red- OUcanoILatino ...... JXlPUlition, uid, ... 
liai .. noup lOme people of color live in bad 4S cbildren in my fifth-pde cIaa. The 
the IUbudJI, the majority do not. Iucher IOIIIIIimeI didn't Iaiow you. She 

11IiI problem II reIaIed eo the education would uk, 'What'l your name?' AIIJtber 
«peopIe«coIoria AmRa. Publiceduca- See UNlQlIAL, PIce 8 

.....0..01 ....... -., 
SInoethllnlllbelUn ....... lndwhlles 

W8I8 88pICIIed In .. _ d __ . TIlls 
...,...uon was legalized under the theory d 
" ....... but equal" set down Irf the Infamous 
Pleuyv. ,.,..",CIIe ...... , forAmertca', 
blacks, aepena was ... equal. ThIs WII 
especially evident In the ... of education. 

In the earty '50s, the NAACP I..eCII Derense 
and EdlICItIon Fwldchll'I1I8dAmerlca's "~ 
rate but equal" policies for education with the 
1954 case Blown v. 80erd of EdcIClltlon of r.-. ~ 'I11eNMa»"beIic .... ..,. 
mentlnthllC8le" thatl8lP'8lltlon underthe 
" ... _but .... " theorydeprMI the ~ 
can people d .. equal p!OfieCtIon laws set out 
Irf the 14111 AmelIdrnent, especially In the ... 
rA tdllCIIIDn. WIIh I LIIIrI/rncg decision, the 
ccut ~ the pllntJrs COII"""1nd ~­
tIIned"-r. 

1hI0CMt ....... whenPllllyv.~ 
.. hIIIIId dcMn, It "P11D1CbM11t1111Hi1poeed 
dIICItmInIIIonIlIIIIinIt the ~ ra," .. 
~ofwhk:tt"OCMt"'no..,rAfDrIlll", 
The CIQt aclalOWtldJld ... lie time d lie 
BnMn ruIIrWo bIIcka Ind whIII .... __ In 
meny"-In.m.d~""" 
tiona Ind ....... d 1IIeata's. So It _, .. 
the efIIatd ..... __ 1tIIIf on PIdc educe-
tIon In _1UCh. opporbtItleI. ~ 
vIewIlnd _Il0l_, etc. 1hI oourt found that to 
... _1dIooII, which .. OChawlle equal In 
MI'IwtII, cnIIIIIId .~d~ ~ 
black c:hIIcnn and thlllI'rected their ad! iCatlon. 
lhINfDre. the ocut ruled ....... 1s1nta_1It; 
INqUII Ind In ...., d lie 1 .... amencJ. 
"*1l 

n....., .• ," 19M _ OPINION 5 
COMIIIINTAIIY: Ratber than reinfolte division, an inclusive a-osKUltural cenrer would promore the sharing of cultures and ideM 

BEYOND TOLERANCE 
., KMII S. KIlen 
ContrlbutJ", OpInion Writ., 

The debUe over the 1atest version 
of a "c:rou-aahuraI c:eoter'" has grown 
ever more lipific:utlince the invita-
tion eo an lvowedly racist, anti-Jew-
ish,anti-Koreanorganizationtospeak 
on this campus. Indeed, the orgy of 
hatewhich the Nationoflslam brought 
to Howard University was made I 
distwbi"lpossibility for UCSDwben 
the eroup arrived to spread its propa-
ganda to enthusiastic: students. The 
real danprI of I monopolized cross-
cultural center have become tenity-
ingIy clear, and an open critique with 
sugestionl for a beneficial cultural 
c:cnter is long overdue. 

If harmony, cohesion, mutual un-
dentandi"lo celebration and benefit 
to aU American cultures were really 
the ends of the currently proposed 
"CIOIIS-QIlturaI center," it would be 
inspiring. If the center would in some 
smaU put actually reaIizc these goals, 
it would be incumbent upon aU stu-
denb, 'faculty and staff not only to 
praise ill bigh ideals but to work to-
ward its craIion. Unfortunately, the 
CI'OIIooQIlturai center, IS praented to 
.. today, was oonc:eived by mindl 
pc !leased of an anarY, bewildmd 
philosopby, delaibed u "political 
correc:tnoll." Designed 10 exclude all 
but the self_ipaled elile of ad-
tures (ironic:aIJy, those to which the 
center's advocates "belong"). the pr0-
posed center would not foster har-
mony, butwould ratherfan tile flames 
of ethnic chauvinism apeS separatism. 
lis excllllMty would permit groups, 
unfeaered by voices of reason, to re-

mab history and cIiItort raIity eo 
their own agrudizemeot and 10 the 
diminishment of others. 

The proponenlIoftbisc:entermake 
no preteDIC of actually inteadi"l to 
includo aU cuItunI. AdmiUi"l that 
the center would only incl'" affir-
mative-action groups, proponents 
have the plI to loudly and righteously 
claim that this denial of representa-
tion is best and just. This, perhaps 
more than all oftbe doubJe..speak and 
endless requisite vituperative, is in-
dicative of just how distorted and 
radically excllllionary the politically-
correct view of diversity and 
multiculturalism is. It must be recog-
nized that the conc:cpt of a cross-
cultural center illelf contains nothins 
obnoxious, but really tile most noble 
of purposes. 

The chief advocates of this center 
are motivated not by cultural aware-
DellI, but by the advancement of par-
ticular interest groups and !heir own 
advancement within thc:&e groups. As 
the numerolllieaers and commentar-
ies written in support of the center 
atteIIt, the center's most ardent spon-
sorsseem most ~ with "non-
citizenl, " "SM groups, ""revolution-
aries" and other special interats, each 
varying with the author of thepiec:e. 

The organizi"l principle of their 
puaionale arpmenIS are the same: 
"guilt" is I trait of I nee and/or a 
gender which then is inherited by 
enlUilll generations and ought 10 be 
punished. 

This nebulous doctrine of PC ig-
nores the lessons that the most intelli-

multiculturalilts have cham-

619 450-9494 
• .AI#-'II~ RECEM A 20% DISCOUNT 

!bt ~ CO\.IPOI'I 
and valid uc:so 10 
01_ oI..nrnaN. 
Not void wfIrI mtJjOt ~ 
Of tra., ..... rwpaII. 
_ AuIaport Mal 
san OlIgo, CA 92121-2514 
LOCGIId. lit AUIOPOIf MAlI. 

~EngIneI 
1Iac .. ·YaIv .. 

All CoIdIoIlillg 
AlIa Weller COoled 

CIuIcheI • llecldcal 
MoIl_lanCe .... c .. 

1'UM-UpI • GkIIa .,..... 

SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
IiIiNtIlY 

SELF STORAGE 
458-1950 

8440 Ia ...... Court 
San 01.,092121 

.ru ••• r .".CI.'. 
• $5 Off regular monthly 

!'Iftt IRnt four months) 
• PlUS 5ft OFf Rnt 

month's rent 

• All sizes CMJilabie 

• lank card. accepted 

• Stcurt gate access 

• N monitoring 

• OPEN 7 am 10 7 pm. 
7daysaweelc 

• Close 10 UCSO 

• RIIIM early & avoid 
WTDAYIUSHI 

pionecl: that one cannot fmel solace in 
blame, but can only improve his lot 
and that of his brethren byfocusingon 

bispresent~andtluough 
self-betterment, work to eradicate 
them. Abraham Lincoln, Eleanor 
Roosevelt, Frederick Doualass, 
Thurgood MarshaI~ Amy Tan and 
Caar Chavez taught III that 

The PC doctrine, IS reflected in 
thecrosKUlturalcenterproposa1, fur-
thCr maintains that white men are the 
source of all evil in the world, IS if III 
men in EogJandwere kinpanddultes, 
all the men in Prussia were arist0-
cratic generals and all white men in 
the South were rich sllveholden. The 
truth is that most white males were 
aIsooppraaedby the handfulofwhite 
male kinp, pneraIs, ariItocrats, in-
dUItriaIists and politicians who held a 
tight monopoly on power for much of 
Western history. This elite felt little 
sympathy for their IikHOIored men, 
lIIing them IS serfs, peasants, factory 
workers and cannon fodder. One will 
discover, through studyi"l history, 
that individuals. ralhertbanelXireratlCS 
or genders, are to "blame" for the 
oppreaionofthe put. UU_C.IIM~I-

viduaIs suffered thcIe blows, and not 
just tboee of a puticular nee or gen-
der. These c:cntral misconceptions of 
politicll correctness are often lauded 
in the diversity/sensitivity/reeducation 
clulel required in colleges today, 
teaching us more about their profes-
sors' prejudic:esthan multiculturalism. 

As a reflection of this political 
orthodoxy, the proposed aoss-cul-
tural center would serve as a loam for 
its proponents' ideology and a base 
for their operations. It would reim-
pose the mantraof"differenc:e, differ-
ence, difference" on the first genera-
tion born into a society without segre-
gation, alive after the birth of the 
women's liberuion movement and 
raised in large part by chi Idren of the 
civil rights decade. Just when the re-
strictions so prevalent in the past be-
gin 10 disappear and constitutional 
rights become iJlOre fully extended, 
this c:cnter would rekindle old antipa-
thies based on the very race and gen-
der distinctions it has taken so long to 
begin to oveltOme. 

The proposed center would be a 
haven for those tawdry "diversity" 
agendas, the academic alchemy of the 
'90s, spawning a myriad of pseudo-
studies whic:h try to fabricate glorious 
histories and influential heritages. No 
one should question the validity of 
any group's history, but its influence 
in forming our sciences, political in-
stitutions, ethics and art cannot be 
tinkered with or concocfrd inlO cre-
ation. The study of history is not an 
arithmetic: account, where put exclu-
sions can be ameliorated by present 
inflation. a fair and IICICUrate 

Intensive MCAT Prep: 
1) m1I1 works ... don't settle for less! 

representationofbisaory isofany,*-
This crosa-culturaI COllIer is more 

a play for politic:al power than a con-
duit for academic: pursuit of kn0wl-
edge. A reasonable person would ex-
pect a cultural center dedicated to the 
diversity of America, the most di-
verse nation on earth, to include more 
groups than just those stipulated as 
benefICiaries of a government-insti-
tuted law of social redress. One might 
think that it would also include the 
plethora of ethnicities bundled up in 
that group called Asian Americans; 
the strong and distinct religious tradi-
tions, which include Jewish Ameri· 
cans, Catholic Americans, Muslims, 
Quakers; the Italian, German, Slavic 
and Western-European cultures, 
which were among the first immi-
grant cultures 10 take root here; and 
each of the the vast ethnic:ities and 
heritages that comprise our America 
- all in perfect union with affirma-
tive-action groups. 

To this end, I humbly propose an 
American Cultural Center, including 
representatives of all groups of 
ethnicity, gender and sexual orienta-
tion. Only in a center where everyone 
has a place (and is not just permitted 
entrance), will everyone feel welcome 
and the real spirit of cross culturalism 
grow. 

This center would enlist the re-
sowteS of a number of departments 
- history, anthropology and political 
science, 10 name I few - in offering 
lectures and seininars and hallling art 
exhibitions and music performances 
reflective of the true American expe-

See CENTER, Page 7 

2) combines fr:cqucpt in-class MeAT instruction & real MeAT testing with 
carefully guided home study . 

3) is correlated with MeAT .pcGaI. 
4) may be the factor to get JIll into medical school. 

Columbia MCAT Review: 
1) an independent, full-service program taught by MeAl Cl ..... (UCSJ>.traiaeci 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates &. English Department Ph.D. faculty). 
2) specializes in "tep.lye MeAT prep & medical school admissioDl aaaistaact-

they ue In we do! 
3) ori,inlted the concept of "lptCD.11' MeAl prep" here in Saa Dieao ia 1985, 

"WIn of simulators! 
4) olen mon than Iny other prep course: the most total hours, the most qualified 

ct experienced instructors, the most up-to-date materials, unlimited free tutorial 
ct application/admissions assistance, all at tbe Is'" GRltl 

5) 1A-'Mr trICk record of "double-cliait" MeAT scores ct "top choice" med school 
ac:ceptaDCel for our students. 

6) d d'_ pi p_p- at the UCSD School of Medicine . 

S" ..... 1994: 
Cluaes beJi- JIM I. and ue already )/2 full. Limited enrollment. Don't seHle for less! 

Columbia Review 
I. U."'f .. eAl ,.",., ''' •. 

ENROLL NOW! 456-8488 



6 OPINION 

IRONS: 
Catll I ........... . 
Q8 __ be .... At that lime sepe-
... education WII established by 
I8w in the southern states and even in 

aome~the northenl stales. Californil 
itIcIf bid segregated public scbooIs 
within this century, where Asian slu· 
dads were stippled, Hi§panic Au· 
dents were segregaled, Ind so fortb. 
Brown, of COUM, ended that sort of 
segregation. But what we have seen 
over the last 10 or 15 years is whit I 
would call resegregotion - DOC man· 
dated by law, but by things like hous· 
ing patterns and the construction of 
school boundaries, genymandering 
boundarits. ... 1 think thall number of 
school boards across the nltion have 
tried to evade the mandale of Brown in 
various ways. Most of this, I think, 
reflects political currents- people do 
not really believe in inlegration. 

Brown established a legal or for· 
mal measure to desegregate. Given 
the great racial segregation today and 
financial disparity between schools, 
what can be done to really integrate 
and provide sufficient funding for all 
schools? 

A number of the panelists at the 
symposium are going 10 address this 
topic. I don't think that it's my role to 
answer this question in advanee of 
the symposium, but I do think it's 
clear that there's a tremendous dis· 

UNEQUAL: 
Continued from ~. 4 
student at Morris High School said, 
"There are 42 students in my science 
class, 40 in my English class - 45 in 
my home room. When all kids show 
up, five of us have to stand in back." 
As administrators scuny to prepare 
students just to pass basic-skills ex· 
ams,advanccd-p1acementcoursesare 
pushed aside as a distanl dream. Low 
funding, overcrowding, poor facili-
ties and bumed-out leachers blend 
together to ensure the failure of the 
students who struggle through the 
forgotten end of the public school 
system. 

School plays an important role in 
the socialization of youth, and when 
ourchildren spend seven hours per day 
besieged by rejection, we have no one 
but ourselves to blame when they be· 
come careless, despondenllnd violenl 
people. Public schools are creating idle 
citizens without the necessary knowl· 
edge and critical thinking skills to use 
their minds as weapons - but maybe 

puityoffundialbetween8Clloolarib 
hip CIOIICleIIIraIi of IIlinoriliei and 
thole which ~ largely ClulClliln. 
There are a number of ___ for 
thae dispuitieI, this is obvioualy I 
very ClOmplex IOciII isIue, but the fact 
isthatAmericanaoQcty hubeenltrlti-
fled on the buis of !ICC for 400 yeus 
and this has DOC yet been overcome. 
Thisreflcasilllelfineconomicstratifi-
cation, educational, cultwal, and so 
forth. To say that we can solve these 
probIcn by equalizing fundina for 
schools is attnctive - and that, in 
fact, is 50metitina which should be 
done-but it 's obviously not going to 
solvetheunderlyingissuesofinequal· 
ity. Bul to say that you cannot even 
begin to solve these issu.cs of inequal-
ity is a form of fatalism. 

This is complete conjecture, but 
where do you see these trends that 
you've pointed to going? Obviously 
the demographics of Califomia, for 
eXlmple, are changing rapidly Ind 
this is likely to allerthe political chem-
istry or political makeup of California. 
Do you see a movement for educa-
tional reform, and the lines we've dis-
cussed, anytime in the future? 

II's very hard to predict how these 
trends, the demographic issues, are 
going to affect education. There's 0b-
viouslya movement in this stile to-
ward privatization now, and I think 
that would be very dangerous to inte-
gration and cultural pluralism in gen-

this is what we are truly afraid of. 
The inadequacy of today', public 

schools will not go unanswered to-
morrow. How do we dare wonderwhy 
our children graduale IS illiterate young 
adults when there are too many kids in 
a class fora teacberto know everyone 's 
name? Why are I1th·grade students 
forced to learn from eighth·grade 
books? Why, in cities such IS Jersey 
City, is the dropout rile S3 percent, or 
2,500 children every year? We have 
sent the message that students of color 
are not worthy of a fair education. 

The inequalities between separate 
schools and districts for whites and 
people of color are clear, but they Iiso 
exist in statistically inlegratcd schools. 
Have you ever ISked yourself why 
white kids are rarely bussed to ghetto 
schools? The answer is obvious. A fair 
examination of the question would 
require America to admit the racist 
outcomes of its policies and either 
defend or reform them. 

While there are I few while stu-
dents who are bussed to magnet pr0-
grams inthe inner-dty, they ~tracked 

$99·f~k&~~~!~E!. 
BREE', HAZEL DR BREY 

WJ D2 ... ....s ._130_ ....................... . 
... ., ... 
Clllpilte 
589* 

'Includes: Complete Eye Exam· Fitting· Follow-up en 
• Care Kit • ,... SIg/IIIcI Rx only • 0ItIIf Major IIrandIIn SIOI:k 

.... '----We take the time to listen and explain. 

.... a I I SELBY. 9.0. ~_~I:=~·AI 578-&796 
S69' lO','JE'T Extr(l JIlin Eveg1ass Lenses! v 

The UCSD Gurdiaa 

en!. There'IU ..willi .... to put 
...-y Do die public __ - die 
University of CaIifomiI illIdferina 
60m this at the moment. It'l not jUII 
elemaUry and .aJDdary IChooIl, 
it', the whole public IChooI IysIem 
which is bei .. inII**d. 

'I1Iere ... periodic nionn dIIII 
in thiacountry -we 'regging duough 
ODe in health care right now - but 
how tbeIe things ~ goiag to play out 
in the next fIVe or 10 years is very, 
vety hard to pndict. One dti.. it 
would require is I natiollll co ...... 
that AmericIn education is in ICrious 
danger 0( filii .. well behind that of 
other countries and some resolve to 
do something about it 

I think the political motive behind 
theprivatiDtionpropouls is very clear 
- it's the agenda of people who do 
not want public integrated education 
IS the basis of American education. In 
a sense, it's like carving out little 
ethnic enclaves, it's the duplication of 
what's happening in oIher ways in 
countries like the former Yugoslavia, 
where everybody's divided up on the 
basis of language or religion or 
ethnicity. The whole idea that cduc:a. 
lion shouJd be 1ft experience in cui· 
tureand..a.J pllll'llism iI being lost, 
reprdless of the quality of education. 
The idea, and 1'bwJood Marshall was 
very clear on this, is that education is 
more than the IrInImission ofknowl· 
edge, it is laocillizing andlCCUlturat· 

into ICCClerated classes when they 
anive. Magnet schools receive spe. 
cial fundi~ but their accelerated and 
specializIcd classes tend to serve whites 
and not students of color. 

In 1994, under no conditions can 
black, O1ic1no or Latino students re-
ceive a faireducatioo in their communi· 
tics or when they ... buaed to tile 
subutbs.. au.ing indicates IhIt inner· 
city 1CbooI. Ire IDIIitlble for the edu· 
catiooofwhileAmerica,andratherthan 
provide equaI fimdinl for educaIion, 
school diatricll opt to bas voIunteen tl 
suburban ClDlpua. Oace ........ of 
c:oIor are buMed out ~ tbeir communi· 
ties, many are shuUled off to Iow-track 
and "special-«luc:ation" c:IIIIcs. 

The majority of IIUdenII labeled 
II needing special educ:aIionarebllck, 
Oticano and Latino. Visitilll special. 
education clwrooms at IUburban 
Public Sc:hooI24, KozoI found, " ... 12 
children. One is white. Beven are 
black. " A taclIer at New Yorle's P.S. 
24 aid, "We pull them out of the 
mainmeam cIIIICS on the bais of 
their test raultsand other factors such 

TIuu'Ida" Ma, S, 19M 

ina apelieace, ad to educate in I ........ ~of ... r.ctthat 
WlJwl*:bOYWloabdivenityisdlm- it .... r ....... Thililila.ofthe 
aaiIII in the Ioa& nan. . .... below the MaIon-Dixon line, 

As you uadoubtedIy know, the ODe of the ..... whole ..,...ooa 
Nation of IIIam recendy spoke on poIicieawerecbaUenpdiotheBroIWI 
campus, and I think dill we've &een CIIeIL A lot of people don't under-
the popularity of the Nation pow in sIInd that Brown WIS five c:asa. Five 
the IasIlCYerai yem. Do )'OIl think cues hid been pic:bd because they 
that Ibis popularity is reflective of a . repaented the ~ variety .... 
&JOWi .. diailIuIionmentwitblbeideaJ 10 it was more than what was happen. 
of inIegrUion and Ibe civil-rights es- ing in Topeka, Kansas. 
tablislunent? And I've often thought, over the 

I thit1It it refJeds I lot 0( fruItra- y .... that my edIIlCllioo was obvi· 
lion. People reaIi2le that the counay is OUIIy limited by the fad that I didn't 
ROC living up to the promileof Brown, IBIlIIdIChooI witbbllctc:hildml,even 
so there', I movement towud sepa- tboughtheylivedintheJllllCcommu· 
I'IIism - the Nation of Islam is just . nity I did. To what extent that this 
one example of thaL The lDCII8I8e affected me is hard to say ... 
strikes I very reapoIWive chord in Many people, particularly students 
many people. today, forget-or never knew- that 

The idea of black empowerment within one generation we had a sys· 
orethnicempowennentforuygroup tem of segregation in this country of 
is very appealing for people who feel the same kind that South Africa had 
themselves shut out of lOciety. And until recently. And this shaped many 
there's nothing intrinsically wrong generations of Americans' perspec. 
with it, but I think it's damaging to tives on race, and it still hIS not been 
give up on the goal of real integration. overcome. To say that because legal 
The idea that we should abandon the segregation is not allowed, overlooks 
integration of public schools - the the fact that the legacy of those hun· 
rommon experience that every per- dreds of years is still with us. 
son in this country has - is very Prof~ Irons, a practicing civil 
damaging. liberties lawyer and Supreme Court 

If I can add just one persollll thing scholar whose books include May it 
- why this issue is so important to Please the Court, The Courage of their 
me. When Brown v. Board WII de- Convictions and Justice It War, has 
cided in 1954, I WII attending I ra- bun teaching political science at 
cially-segregated school, and I was UCSD since 1982. 

IS the opinion of their teachers." 
Is it that students of color have 

disproportionately low intelligence, 
or that Ibe methods employed to place 
students in special education are sub-
jective and influenced by stereotypes 
of IIUdents of color IS apathetic, mis-
behlvedand 1IfIinteIIiaent?1bestigma 
of being libeled "EMR" (educable 
menIIIIy retarded) or "TMR" (train-
IbIe lDeIUIIy rdIrdecI)lIoagwiththe 
stagnIlionofone'sleamingprocesses 
when one lacks educational chll· 
Ienga, results in discouraged and iII-
prepInIdhigtHc:hoolgnduata-and 
high«hool dropouts. 

In addition to tracking students of 
mb into EMR and TMR classes, 
schools target black, Latinos and 
0Ucan0 students for claSllCS which 
train and aociaIize them into the low-
est and most limiled tiers of the labor 
fon:e. '1be children Ieun to punch in 
at the door ... in order to prepare them 
for employment. " said the principal 
of a suburban P.S. 24 c:Iasa dcsi&-l 
for speciaI-education IIUdents. While 
lOme students need and benefit from 

slow-paced learning and basic-skills 
preparation, the misplaoed students 
- often thedisenfranchiscd poor and 
students of color - are wrongfully 
tracked and miscducated. 

The black, OIicano and Latino stu· 
dents with whom we share the c:otlege 
classroom are those who were identi· 
fied IS talented and deserving earty in 
their academic careers. They are the 
sIrong and intelligent who took their 
education from an unwillinginstitution. 

The check written for equality has 
once again been returned for "insuffi-
cient funds," ud the temper of the 
times, ueveryone from Reverend Dr. 
Martin Luther King to Icc Cube has 
WII1ICd, threatens to explode on our 
turned backs. As South Africa mOves 
foward, we regress. Has America re-
ally created an equal playing field for 
everyone in the Iut 40 yean or have 
systems been developed to enforce 
oppreuion through miseducation? 
Never forget that one of the IIIOIt 
delrimental slave codes of our ROC-so-
distant put was to never educate the 
negro. Where ~ we now? 

Impro"e your 
6MArseore 
by sitting next 
to the right 
person. 

A I the Princeton Review, you'll join a small class ci about 12 srudenrs who 
sbi!re your lesl-Iaking slrengths and nm f1 

weaknesses. Our lrackina sYSlem hdps you PRINCETON . 
learn IIKlre effICiently, because il allows your REVIEW -
leacher to concentrate on the material you -
need most . 50 call loday for course --
information. 5em are tlIlin8 fast. ,.. Aa.. 7i 

..... .. , ... 
CI_ "",1. 558-I151III 
.., 14"" """ "" ----
-------.... -._----..... -

Tluanday, Ma, S, 19M 

CoIItInuecI .......... 
rience. Sudlaceaterwould not imply 
a formal diviaioaof IIudenII, it wouJd 
show the interdependence of our 
American cultures and how their COII-
tributions have been inlermingled in 
realization and effect; how you need 
not be African American to admire 
and feol pride in Barbara Jordan, need 
not be Jewish to s~ the fortitude of 
Louis Brandeis, need not be Mexi· 
can-American to feel fraternity with 

Ccur Qavez, need not be Asian to 
feollD obIipdon k>Yic:k Wo or be 
European to lay claim to the spirit of 
WIIhinaton and Jefferson. 

HiIaory teaches III that culture is 
lSSimilation, the il\ClOrporation multi-
farious individuals, their unique ex· 
periences, their lives and thole they 
have toucbed, their ethnicities and 
their religions. Individuals beCXlme a 
part of culture and change it in the 
process. In the end, we must see this 
nation II one and its citizens IS indi-
viduals, not denoted or divided by 

The UCSD Guardian 

gender, faith or edInicity. If we fail to 
do thia, we invite the fate of the former 
Yugoslavia and ali nations like it 

Acenterdedicated to all American 
cultures would truly embody the high-
est idealsof multiculturalism.ltwould 
stand IS a shining example to -the 
nation for the future and would be 
worthy of UCSD, its students, faculty 
and entire community. 

The presently proposed eenler is a 
reactionary tool of divisiveness and 
pettiness, unworthy of UCSD and 
detrimental to its students' futures. 

The code of political correctnesa has 
intimidated many studenIa by axiom-
atically contending that all whose 
views diverge from its own judge-
ments ~ "hostile," "offensive" and 
"racist." The future of harmony is too 
important to be stolen in silence by an 
angry few. 

We need to move beyond a for-
mal, cold tolerance as the basis forour 
social relations-a ioleranoewhereby 
we merely agrte to refrain from open 
violence against one another is not 
enough. An American Cultural Cen-

OPINION 7 

tcr could help III ~ve to ~..,.. 
mutuallffinity and u ~ 
that we ~ all people defined IS muc:la 
or more by our penollll experience IS 
by the ethnicity or group we ~ ubi-
trarily born into. It would diamisa the 
politics of hatred for the politics of 
joy, teaching us that the strength of 
America lies in its diversity, its 
peMrverance and its future in a unity 
based on the fact that every American 
can draw upon any of the varied 
sources of its rich triumphs for pride, 
inspiration and identity. 

Join the Monkey Crew, write opinion for the Guardian. 
For more info call 534-6580 

BICYCLIST APPRECIATION DAY 
FRIDAY, MAY 6 

BlaCLISTS COME AND ENJOY! 

Call 534-RIDE for more information 

Just $1.99 (WIth Student I.D.) buys 
a great breakfast at~I;""Q. New owners 

Nell Ubln and Harry Baram have cooked up 
a hearty new morning menu. Choose from 
4 complete breakfasts-featuring 3 great 

egg plates. Including your choice of 
bacon. ham. sausage or corned beef 
and home frles-startlng at just $1.99. 

IlUICFAST 
7-Il_ ..... rI. 

When It's time for"breakfast... 
It's time for ~I;",b~. 

~I~t~ 
8861 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Next to La Jolla 
Village Theatres 

455-1461 

ANTHROPOLOGY 194 

1rc ......... ca1 ....... leboal 
......... rt, liMa. 
Part I: • .,. IJa:anIImI 
e .... 28-1111y B, 1114) 
Part I: Lab WerII Ia .......... 
e .... I-II) 

summer 
seSSlon94 

\] 
o 
c=J UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNV\. SAN DIEGO CAll (619) 534-8277 FOR DETAILS 

BEING-FIT® 
At only S22 • month with no 

cOllbect, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
..... 1UIonI1D _1IiI ... 0fIw .""". 5/19/94. 

·AEfIOIICS ·UFECYClES 
• I'M! W!IGHlS • ~ LS 
• STAIIIIASTERS • CUM MlJ IPAQOUS 
.1WIlI.UI • PERIONAL INSnIUCl10N 

'4-.0 FROII ~ 

3968 Clllremont ..... Blvd. 
Clalremont SquIre ShoppIng c.ar 
(HeIr L.-4iU2i4 FooIwIIr) 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 
---

WOOD-FIRED 
CALIFORNIA 
P I Z Z A 

SPECIALTY PIZZAS, 
PASTAS & SALADS 

Open 7days 

r-------------- , 
; DINNER for TWO : 

COSTA VIDE clNTla! . $119p1\1S~- : 
8650 Genesee (across from UTe) I ... I 

4S8-1U5 I 1IdI ........ tf __ ••• a...,.;.a,..w. I 
.......................... ~I~~~~~~~~::!!=~~ 



• ftEWl ...... UCtD c..rdIu 

BROWN: 
01 II: 1111 ......... 1 
BnJIMI: The PromiR and Re-
ality of School Inteplioa." 
featur. former Direc:torCoun-
lei of the National ~iation 
for the Advanc:emont of Col-
ored People (NAACP) Legal 
DefenIC and Educational Fund 
JICIt Greenberg, wbo worked 
witb Marsball to develop a 
strategy to challenge school 
legregation. Greenberg argued 
several historical c:asea before 
tbe U.S. Supreme Court which 
led not only to the unanimous 
Brown decision, but to other 
court orders wbich helped dis-
mantle segregated school sys-
tems. 

U.S. District Judge Robert 
Carter, who.argued the Brown 
case before the U.S. Supreme 
Court, will also attend next 
week's symposium. Carter 
worked with Greenberg and 
Marshall as partofthe NAACP 
legal team that attacked school 
segregation. 

aitical look at inteption in 
todaY'1 achooll. 

Gulnoa aaid the fint pUt of 
the Iym~um wiU focUI 00 
the IeplItrltelY that won abe 
cue and is aimed at PUttilll a 
biIIorical penpoctive on the 
landmark decision. 

The second part of the event 
will include adiSCUllion about 
the limits of the BrOWft deci-
sion and whether it has ful-
filled its promise of integra-
tion. 

Peter Irons, director of the 

can-AmericID atudoatI out of 
a toCal uncIorp8duato popula-
tion of over •• ,000. 

However, accordina to 
Guillon. overall enrollment of 
African-Americanl at 
Marshall Colleae increued 
approximately 3Opm:eIlI since 
the adoption of ita new name. 

"lthinkthenameTbul)OOd 
Marshall might be attractive to 
a number of minority stu· 
dents," Guitton .. id, adding 
that she hoped the new direc-
tion of the college wu appeal-

Thurgood 
Marshall Institute, 
discussed the state 
of integration fol-
lowing the Brown 
"decision. "I think 
it's very clear 
from research 
that'sheen done in 
the last several 
years .. . that seg-
regation is in-
creasing," Irons 
said. 

An Ethnic 
B, .. kdown 
Here are the 1993 percentages of 
students' ethnicities at UCSD: 
l8tIno: u.. I.ft 
NatNeAm.: 

for .... ttuce 10 tile aiVOl'-
lity out of the total ... mber of 
Iliah adIooI pduat .. One 
IIlUIt ..., be aw.re of the dis-
tribution of miDoritiel in the 
population, Ihe added. 

Accordina to African-
American Student Union 
(AASU) President Aaabereca 
Edmerma, becaue African-
American IlUdents at UCSD 
are 10 outnumbered, they of-
ten feel the need to congre-
gate outside of the atudent 
community. 

"Ibe mainstream may see 
it u segregation, but it's reo 
ally a means of self-empow-
ement, "said Edmerson. "It's 
recognizing the struggle we 
all share." 

Edmerson said tbat UCSD 
_ isadmittingalargenumberof 

African-Americans but enroll-
ing very few because compe-
tition among schools for lop 
African American students is 
very intense. 

"VCSD needs to make a 
better effort to make a better 
package for these students," 
Edmerson said, adding tbat 
competing schools have more 
attractive financial-aid pr0-
grams. 

"I think it's an excellent 
panel, " said Thurgood 
Marshall Institute Programs 
Director Stephanie Guitton, 
who has worked full-time for 
the last eight months to orga-
nize the event. "U's pretty rare 
to have Greenberg and Carter 
together." 

"What we have 
seen over the last 
10 or 15 years is 
what I would call 
'resegregation,'" 
resulting from 
housing patterns 
and school boundaries, Irons 
added. 

Some say segregation also 
affects UCSD. Although the 

et~nic diversity of UCSD Itu-
dents has steadily increased 
over the last decade, the num-
ber of undergraduate African-
American Itudents bas reo 
mained less than three percent. 
In 1993, there were 362 Afri-

Irons said that California 
ingnolonlytoAfrican-Ameri- needs to increase the amount 
can students, but to otber eth· of funding to public schools 
nic minorities u well. and distribute money equally 

The event promises to be 
much more than a celebration 
of the landmark case. The pan-
elists, which also include ac-
tual litigants from school de-
segregation cues, education 
officials and UC President Jack 
Peltason, will attempt to take a 

DOMINO'S 
DEUVERS 
F EE 
CALLUSI 
4S2-UCSD 

Director of Student Re- between schools with a bigh 
search and Information concentration of minorities 
Darlene Morell said that iJe- and those wbich are larply 
fore pUling jud,ement on Caucasian. 
UCSD's ethnic minority en- . However, Irons voiced 
rollment figures, one should skepticism of reallocating 
consider the number of minor- funding into tbe educ:ational 
ity students that are eligible See IROWN, PaCe 10 

• 

Just minutes from campus. 3211 HOUDAY COUItT 
Hours: II am-I am Sun..Thurs .. II am-l am Frt & Sat. OPEN fOR lUNCHI 

~ ~ ~ ~ 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
I 2· TOPPING PlDAS I I· TOPPING PInAl I 
I FOR ONLY $12" I &Az;naw: $ I~" I 
I JUST AsK Sp£CJAl. ....... I DlrrOJlP FOlONLY U,..;. .. I 
I CALL USI~' I CALL USI~' I 
I 452-UCSD I 452-UCSD I I ___ ..,_ I 0.,. ....... _- I 
I _ ...... _ I • .., __ . ..... _ -. 

.. _-------_ .. _------ .. ~_.-.--_..o.-... _---

.......... , . ...,5.1'" 
,....,... .......... ... 

..... ............ one of the few Afri.. 
can-Amerlcan ItUdenta enrolled In Uttle 
Rock'. first IntIaYMed 1ChooI, hll just .,. 
1l1hed. book. wamcn Don't Cty. recountInc 
her expeMncea II one of the -Uttle Rock 
Nine" 

Pee. ....... San 0IeI0 Countyteecher 
and ldYocete of bill..,. educetlon. 

......... L c.ter, U an NAACP staff attor· 
ney. represented Unde Brown In the Brown v. 
IkMrrJ of Education cu.; an ... Iatant .pe-
clal counsel for the NAACP from 1~1968. 
he Is presently a U.S. District jucia- In N.Y. 

J8aIc a .......... who Joined the NAACP In 
1949. araued one of the Brown v. Board of 
education consolidated cases; he succeeded 
Marshall as NAACP &eneral counsel until 
1984; he Is currently teach I", at Columbia 
University Law School In N.Y. 

KennetII KIrst, a renowned constitutional 
scholar. teeches at the UCLA School of Law; 
he Is the author of several books about 
equality In America. Incluctln, BeIOfl6lrw to 
Amerlcs. 

!meet MaC..." alonl-tlme teacher, Is the 
current principal of Marvin Elementary School 
In San Ole,o. 

M_ G. ObIedo, fonner president and 
,enetal counsel of the Texas Mexican-Amerl-
can lapl Defense and education Fund. pre-
pared the land mark school-fundln& case. 
San Antonio v. Rodrl,uez; he Is presently 
counsel In a private law finn. 

J8aIc W ......... author of Flt'ry-Ellht 
Lonely Men. which examines the role of 
Southem federal Judies In Implememtln&the 
&own decision. Is the current president of 
the University of callfomla. 

ConnIe Aloe. a former special assistant to 
the VIce Chancellor of UCLA. Is the Westem 
re&Jonal counsel for the NAACP Lapl De-
fense and Educational Fund In los An,e· 
I ... 

REMOVAL: 
Maximum penalty 
imposed on officers 
ew ................... 1 
closure of this ruling." 

The Judicial Board called for 
the removal oftbecandidates from 
office, wbich is the maximum pen-
alty allowed by election bylaws, 
because of tbe number of viola-
tions incurred by the slate. 

"The violations in question 
were deemed by tbe Judicial 
Board to be sufficient evidence 
for removal from office," Judi-
cial Board Chair Rick Moncbo 
said. 

At tbe bearin" Students 
First! spokeswoman Falk ar-
gued that the slate bad no prior 
knowledge of the fliers, wbicb 
SAAC Vice Chair Nadina 
Powell claims she produced 
without the authority ofSAAC. 

Falk added that theslate 'slarge 
margin of victory wu proof that 
the fliers did not have a signifi- . 
cant effect on the election. 

"We, the accused, took no pari 
in the production of these fliers, 
nor did we delegate an agent to do 
so," Falk said. "1bCse chargee 
are unwarranted and should be 
levied against the organization 
responsible. We feel SAAC's 
action was inappropriate." 

Bylaw vl.q 4d), which stipu-
lates that any resources used by 
individuals or organizations in-
dependent of a slate or candidate 
must be declared by the slatel 
candidate, was the point of con-
tention between the two sides at 
the hearing. Although the Judi-
cial Board dismissed any viola-

don of the same bylaw in the 
previous Hancoc::k v. Guevara 
cue, which also addressed a 
candidate's role in the produc:. 
tionofthelefliers, Craig and Falk 
were found guilty of this viola-
tion. 

The accused, however, argued 
that the bylaw cannot be applied 
to this case because they had no 
prior knowledge of the Diers. 

We, the MeII .... _ 
took no .-t In tile 
production of 
til ••• fll..., nor did 
•• d.I ...... 
_ .. to do so. 
n. •• ct.'C ... . 
u ........... ... 
..... Id ..... ... 
...... tIIe 
tqsplDtlon 
r ........ bI •• w. 
feel sue'. IICtIon 
... I_pproprbd •• " 

-NaomI 'Ilk 
Former A.S. VIce President 

Extemal Affairs 

Former A.S. Vice President 
Administrative . Randolph 
Siwabessy, the official spokes-
man for the case, said the viola-
tions bring'the validity of the A.S. 
elections into question. 

"We believe the legitimacy of 
the results of the VP finance and 
external elections is in question 
and we would like to have these 
questions resolved immediatel y. " 

,.... UCSD GaardiaJI 

Siwabessy said. 
Financial Controller Tuesday 

Hancock, who IOrved u a wit-
ness in the hearing, said that she 
felt the f1iera were inappropriate 
because of SAAC's position as 
an advisory board to the adminis-
tration. 

"After talking with Dr. Watson 
and determining that SAAC was 
an advisory board to the adminis-
tration, I realized that [the fliers 
could be seen as] the administra· 
tion endorsing candidates." 
Hancock said. 

At last night's A.S. Council 
meeting, a resolution was sub-
mitted by Muir Freshman Sena-
tor Ben Katz which opposed the 
Judicial Board's ruling. It read, 
"We, the ASUCSD Council, de-
nounce the action of the 
ASUCSD Judicial Board in the 
removal of Jennie Craig and . 
Naomi Falk from their 
offices ... We strongly urge the 
Judicial Board to reconsider its 
decision." The resolution failed 
to gain support from the council. 

According to Moncho, the Ju-
diciaiBoardcharterstipulatesthat 
all board decisions arc final un· 
less new evidence arises after the 
hearing. 

"We are an entity which will 
not be swayed by public displea· 
sure," Moncho said, adding that 
the board is separate from the 
A.S. in order to remain impartial 
and avoid influence. 

Vice President Administrative 
John Barnes agreed, saying, "It is 
best for any judicial body and 
members to be insulated from 
politics in any form. That is the 
only way for real justice to be 
had." 

NEWS 9 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I can inhale I 

: ALL THE: 
: SPAGHETII YOU WANT : 
: FOR $599, including salad and garlic bread. : 
: And to wash it all down, $500 COORS LIGHT or : 
I MICHELOB DARK PITCHERS. I 
I I I No coupon necessary. Just bring your student ID and say I want it. I 
I ANY DAY ... ANY TIME. I 

! ~:~~ ~::~ RD. 10% = D~llY! 
I CENTER Not w:.c\0:': =- 546-7666 I L ______ .....,,_.....;(IO_don_'_'-_uk_!I_...r- _____ .J 

HEPATITIS 
If you have been affected with Hepatitis B. you could 

qualify as a plasma donor, earn extra cash, and benefit 
medical research! 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682·5252 

So, you've decided 
UCSD's the university, 
but you don't know 
where to find the 
pedect apartment. 

Having a hard time finding ajob? 

La 
f2lla 
Del Sol 

• AT LA JOLLA COLONY. 

We do! 
La Jolla Del Sol. 
a 00iD afBIiated apartment communi" 

S11JDENTS • FACULTY • STAPf WELCOME! 
We invite you to experience lMog in a picturesque setting in the 
heart of La Jolla's famous Golden Triangle, just minutes from some 
of california's most beautiful coastUne. 
LaJoUa Del Sol ••• near UCSO ••• near everythin3-

• One and two bedroom apartments 
• 1\vo sparlding swimming pools 
• 1\vo reIaxiDg spas. 
.1\vo Ugbted temUs courts 
• Full size washers and dryers 
.Welgbcroom 
• Blqde racks 
• VisItor's Inn Suites aYaJIIble for residents' guests 

8046 Regents Road 
san Diego, CA 92122 
(619) 587-1221 ' 

Consider an internship! 

Samer Hamadeh 
co-author of 

& 
Princeton Review Student Representative, 

Melissa Jacobs 
with a lineS of exam preparation books 

will be at the UCSD Bookstore 
Monday, May 9 

Noon-IPM 
m 

For more information, please call 534 - READ 



.. ...,. 

~~~~ 
OPT 0 MET R Y 

GRAND OPENING SPECIAI.S 
---------T---------~" PAIR I DISPOSABLE 
CONTACI"S I CONTACI"S $55* i :,:> $69· 

I 
__ .:.DW~~O:'~.l. ___ ...:..:'~~~ 

EX"RES 71t ". UTe (NEXT TO NoRDSTROM) 4S S -lOS 2 

...... UCSD Gaardiaa 

BROWN: 
Financial inequities 
perpetuate segregation 
CoRa ............. . 
system. 

"There's an unwillingness to 
put money into tbe public sec:IOr. 
The University of California is 
IUfferiag from this at the momont, " 
Irons said. "It'. not jllll elemea-
tuy and semadary IICbooIa, it'. 
the whole public acbool syatem 
which is being impacted." 

Irona added that any ~.III 
toward privatizing Califonaia'. 
achoola would be VII)' daJtaemua 10 
intepadoe. 

Howover,lCICOrdiDa eo Irona, fi-
DUCial iDequalitiea may 801 be cu-
ily reaolved by alimple redialribu-
lion of ... funds since tboy retloct 
Iarpr IOCiaI and 0C0II0IDic diapIri-
tiel, inda. school fuadiDa. 

"To .y that we CID solve tbeae 
problems by oquaIizillJ funding for 
school. ia aaractive ... but it'. obvi-
OUIIy not JOin. to solve tho underly-
ing i ... of ineq .... ity. "Irona said. 

'I'IIIInda,., ., S. 19M 

~1Iid ..... ...,,...1fter 
lite Brottw cIadIiaa, "tho ... _-
fllity [of ........ J IIiII uiaIa. " 

Howewr, Maenon IIid dtlllIIe 
",.,....deciIion .. wltatlllowedAfri-
... Anric:In ....... IO .. lDldaeirbt 
ill lite door. 

"It .. ODe rlllte tint timeI dill the 
JMIIIIDIGl. .• IDd lite poMD ill ..... 
Ihority reoor'" lite oli.e.llce of I» 
iIm and the mimMmeat of AfricIII 
AmII ic:ana," EcImenoa IIid. "I IbiIIk 
ODe thiDa ia dar,- aid IDa -rbe 
lJrOIMI deciIioa poiDeed out !bit ... 
peed oduc:8Iim CID ReYer be equal." 

The Guardian needs 

photographers 

Instamaticians need not apply 
Give Dave Cho a call at 534-6582 for more info 

And ou thou t you could only 
~ord macaroni and cheese. 

RWt ~ you add lake home me ci the ~ best-seJJq penonaI 
0lIIIpUIerS" b IrmdIlIy bY monthly paymenIS. By 
~ b the AAR Computer Loan, you can 

IIlfIebook ~ They're all pooRrfuI, easy '> \lie mI more aIbdabIe than 

cbooIe fnm the enire MIcIr*Mlf line or v.m a ~ the IIJOIt poptE 
I!W!t n that siqE. So, *' by your ..p Caqu 

bJ1~lID8dwhltJOO=~ .== AwIetl 
Tbl' f\ppll' C(llnpulf r LO.t11 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
... IL,I 1 
I (I(.t I I" I 

u C S D G U A R D I A N A II T. • E N TEll T A I N MEN T MAY 5, I 9 9 4 

INTHE 

nEWS 
B 0 r K 

• As if a television program, 
an album, a comic book and a 
book weren't enough, Beavis 
.ad auttheM trading cards 
are now available. The Fleer 
ultra cards. which include 
scene"S from various episodes, 
holiday themes and images of 
different characters from the 
animated series, sell for $1.79 
and come jn packs of 10. 

• Although the lineup has 'not 
been confirmed, a concert 
scheduled for Aug. 13 and 14 
in upstate New York will mark 
the 25th anniversary of 
Woodstock. The LA, Times 
reports that bands such as 
Metallica, Peter Gabriel, Alice 
in Chains, Neil Young and Pearl 
Jam are rumored to be possible 
participants. Although tickets 
for the 1969 festival cost $18 
for three days, tickets for two-
day affair in August will go for 
$120. 

LOCAL 
• The San Diego-based a •• 
Records is looking for Asian 
female musicians to complete 
a band that will record music 
for distribution in the Philip-
pines and other Asian coun-
tries. Contact the label owner, 
Sean Siever, at 258-1178 for 
more information. 

TICKETS 
.In an effort to draw the UCSD 
community to the West Coast 
premiere of UCSD faculty 
member Roger Reynolds' 
"Dreaming," the ... DIep 
S, •• ...-...,OrcMstnisof-
ferinl $6 tickets to all UCSD 
students with identification. 
TICkets are on we now for tbe 
May 13, 14 and IS perfor-
mances· in Copley Symphony 
Hall. Info: 699-4205. 

• Country singer VInce Q. 
will perform at the SportIArena 
on Saturday. Sept • .17. Tickets 
go on .. Ie Saturday 1110 a.m. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

• With ita album "'''81''1 ",.. 
E~''''fterstiDhighonthe 
ch8na, eu. .... ero.. wiD 
perfonnwidtlinprSlm Pbillipi 
in SDSU'. Montezuma Hall .. 8 
p.m.1'lc:beI1D0Il1llo Friday II 
3 p.m. Info: 220-nxs. 



HIATUS 2 

GIANTS:Plays 
offer casting flexibility 
ContInued from .... H1 

These sort of theatricalized 
magical events are part of Rivera's 
stock-in-trade: the acclaimed play-
wright works in a tradition that 
owes as much to Gabriel Garcia 
Marquez as it does to Shakespeare 
and Brecht. With "Giants," which 
is now running at the Mandell 
Weiss Forum through Sunday, 
Rivera aclcnowledges yet anoth !~ 
inspiration - his daughter. 

Rivera's notes introducing the 
script read: "One day I was talking 
to my four-year-old daughter 
Adena about fairy-tale creatures 
like witches and giants. She wanted 
to know where they came from. I 
told her they came from people 
making them up and putting them 
in books. She thought about this 
for a second and said, 'Oh. Then 
giants have us in their books.' I 
thought about this and came up 
with six short plays as if we were 
the subject of fairy tales told by 
giants." 

Taking this premise, Rivera has 
crafted six wildly distinctive plays 

r -~~~-:;;;al ' 
l'JCi'I~ I · ~HAIR 

DESIGN I 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

I 
I 
I 
I I ACross from Mann lhealer 45.0420 
I DEL MAR HIGHLANDS Ne't to Where house 792·8131 
I 
I 
I 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
Nc,llo Vons 274·2600 

OPEN 7 DAYS 

I 

I NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 
L MANICURIST AVAILABlE ..I 
--------

.. _ .. __ .-. 

= . FREE = 
• FROSTED. 
= MOCHA = 
• When you buy one • 
• at regular price. • 
• u,;...;... 0.0. july 30. • Nat nIid _ "'f _-. . .. _ .. __ ._. 

* HpWIe tif tIN Ww/J's Finest 
CAifttS. 

* We RlltUt Our Coffie 0" Site 
with tht FresMst CoJfie 

A w i/""/e. 

Costa Verde Center 
8758 Geaaee (near Boobtu) 
457-JAVA (5282) 

M·Th 6un- llpm, F 6un· 12 mid, 
Sat 1:3Oam-12 mid. Sun 8am· l1pm 

that stand defiantly on their own, 
yet possess an essential common-
ality. 

"One of the things theater can 
be good for aside from its teaching 
capacity - in terms of teaching 
human beings what i8 good and 
what is bad and what i5 a moral 
way to live - is that it also has the 
ability to enchant," Rivera said in 
an interview. "One of [theater's) 
nicest qualities is its ability to trans-
port people to an imaginary world 
that lets you dream while you're 
wide awake. 

"As an adult, our excuses for 
being enchanted are so limited." he 
added. "I thought it would be inter-
CIting to see if I could pull it off. 
It's really an experiment." 

. UCSD Theatre Professor Jorge 
Huerta said he feels the experiment 
worked. Following a long search 
to locate the perfect play to stage 
for the Theatre Department's an-
nual undergraduate production, 
Huerta learned about Rivera's play 
from a colleague, read it, and was 
instantly hooked. 

"The minute I read it I said, 
'This is ideal,'" Huerta explained. 
"I call it a cross between maaic 

Sest New Artist 
- 199. Jazz rima 

tko.1S I'0Il 

#1 Tenor 
Saxophonist 

- 1993 Down tkot 
Critics Poll 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

realism and 'The Twilight Zonc.' 
The premise of each play is fuci-
nating. I really think it's lOing to 
be a lot of fun for tbe audience." 

Huerta was also attracted to the 
casting flexibility allowed by 
Rivera's script - an important fea-
ture when one is tryill8 to accom-
modate and appease a large num-
ber of students eager for an oppor-
tunity to participate in the project. 
According to Huerta, "Giants" 
could be staged with anywhere 
from eight to 24 people; he decided 
to cut 12 - six women and six 
men. 

"There are very few age-ape-
cific roles," Huerta said. "There is 
a mother in one of the plays and a 
father in another, but other than 
that, the charactera could be very 
young. Some of the roles aren't 
even gender specifIC. Also, the play 
i5 not ethno-apecific, 10 we could 
be as multicultural as we wanted to 
be." 

Rivera calla this gender/age/eth-
nic flexibility a "happy accident" 
of his writins process. 

"Becauae of the fairy tale na-
ture, the cbaracters are built as ar-
cbetypea," Rivera said. "I was re-

ally more interested in the larger 
humanity (ofeach characlerJrather 
than their individual qualities. 

"When I finished writina these 
plays I realized that what I had 
w~ the pouibility of wmitely 
flexible eating in terms of age 
and sex and ~. And I liked it. It 
was not a conacious plan, but I 
was very happy it turned out that 
way." 

Rivera may have left the cut-
ing demographics to chance, but 
he was mucb more meticuloua with 
the sequence of the plays once he. 
had them written. 

"The fust play, • A Tiger in 
Central Park, , is actually the most 
children's theatre-like play in the 
collection," he said. "It's the one I 
wrote first, and I wrote it when I 
was really trying to make every 
play feel like a children'. play." 

Rivera would later experience 
a change of heart. While" A Tiger 
in Central Park" is quite straight-
forward from a dramatic stand-
point, Rivera lOOn found that he 
was writing the other plays with a 
greater degree of subtlety. He in-
corporated this progression into 
the structure of his collection. 

Thuraday, May 5, 199<6 

"The plays become progres-
sively less child-like and more 
sophisticated as the eveoinggoes 
on," Rivera said. "The last three 
are much darker, more political 
than the first three. By the last 
play ('Tape'), it ' s a more 
Beckett-derived world of pun-
ishment and guilt in a style that is 
much more like what adults are 
used to." 

Interestingly, Rivera found 
that the "morals" one tends to 
usociate with fairy taIea don't 
fade away as the material be-
comes less fairy tale-like and 
more recognizable. 

"It's funny because I think 
the plays that have the greatest 
morala are the lUI three, "Rivera 
said, referring to the more politi-
cal dramas. "The first three are 
written more in the form of fairy 
tales, but there is less of a moral 
in them and the plays deal with 
transformation as a metaphor for 
something else." 

"Giants Have Us In Their 
Books" runs through Sunday in 
the Mandell Weiss Forum. Tick-
ets are $4 for students. For more 
information, call 534-4574. 

liN EVENING OF FINE JRZZ 

May 29 • Sunday • 8pm 
UCSD MandeviU. Auditorium 

Students $12 e G.A. $14 
UCSD lox Offic. e 534-6467 

~~ ... 
_,==a.,=,=-... __ ....... 

-

"The sound, the polish and the interpretive depth 
to rival the best in the world.~' H.Y. nma 

STRING QUARTET 
JOAN TOWER: "Night Fields" (West Coost Premiere!) 

HAYDN: Quartet in C Major, Op.l4, No.1 
SCHUBERT: Quartet in 0 Minor, 0.810 

May 7 e Saturday • 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $18 • UCSD St. $1<mdv. 
(UCSD St. ONLY $5door) 

UCSD Box Office • 534-6467 
~Pre .. n .. dby 

~ Un ... rsity Events Office 

ThlU'lday. Ma,. 5, 19M 

I HIS \\ U.K 
taday 

Kevin CoItDer and Clint Eastwood 
star in A I'wIecf W...." which 
shows at 6:30, 9 and 11 :30 p.m. in 
the Price Center Theatre. Tickets 
are $1 in advance, 52 day of the 
show. Info: 534-4399. 

M..to a.a. will sign copies of 
his book Memorks 0/ Chicano 
History: TMLi/undNa"aRve0/ 
Ber' Corona at the UCSD Book-
store at noon. Info: 534-7323. 

The UIIttDucMbIes will play at 
the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach at 9 p.m. Tickets are $15. 
Info: 481-9022. 

friday 
The Committee for World Democ-
racy will present Uke W'" for 

~,., the Mexican film 
about magic realism and food, at 7 
p.m. in Solis Hall 107. Admission 
is free . 

AND 
saturday 

The._ ..... Qurtetwill 
perform the West Coast ~emiere 
of a work by composer Joan Tower 
in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $10. Info: 
534-4090. 

Pianist CIte Mourch will per-
form in Mandeville's Erickson Hall 
at 8 p.m. Admission is free. Info: 
534-4830. 

N.oml Judd, singer of the 
mother-daughter country group 
The Judds, will sign copies of her 
book Love Ca" Build a Bridge, at 
the UCSD Bookstore from noon to 
1 p.m. Info: 534-7323. 

The Cows will play alternative 
music at the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. 
with Chokebare and the ErIc 
KIvIen ...... Tickets are $8. 
Info: 232-4355. 

sunday 
~lIist H..... Uvlnpton will 
perform in Mandeville's Erickson 
Hall at 8 p.m. Info: 534-5404. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ikkoku ,,,. and Uru •• ' 
y ........ 5 at 7:30 p.m. 
in York 2722. Admission is free . 
Info: 587-4890. 

1IIe I""""" StrIe'" 
.....FInIF ..... willpresent 
the French film Ulle Nouwlle Vie 
at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audito-
rium. Student tickets are $4, and 
public tickets are $6. Info: S34-
6467. 

.,.". loy Luck CIuII, the film 
based on Amy Tan's novel about 
Asian-Americans, shows at 8 and 
10:30 p.m. in the Price Center The-
atre. Tickets are $1 in advance. 
Info: 534-4399. 

K ....... L. K.nt will discuss 
and sign his book Law's Promise, 
Law's Expression at the UCSD 
Bookstore from 11 a.m. to noon. 
Info: 534-7323. 

The reggae group Burnln. 
...... will play at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach at 9 p.m. 
with ......... and the ..... 
........ Tickets are $15. 

wednesday 

in Solana Beach at 8 p.m. with 
Junior .................... Tick-
ets are $14. Info: 481-9022. 

Jazz trombonist" W"". 
will perform in Mandeville Audi-
torium at 7:30 p.m. with the Mesa 
College Concert Jazz Band. Tick-
ets are $tO. Info: 627-2873. 

THEATRE 
........ ....,.,. ThNtre: The 
musical "Pump Boys and Dinettes" 
will run through June 4. Set in the 
'50s, the play takes place in a gas 
station on a busy highway. Perfor-
mances are at 7:30 p.m. Wednes-
day and Thursday, 8 p.m. Friday 
and Satuday, with 2 p.m. matinees 
on Saturday and Sunday. Tickets 
range f!'Om $16 to $21. Info: 474-
4542. 

Dlver.lon.ry PI.yhou •• : 
Mary L. Smith directs Claudi 
Allen's "Movie Queens," a play 
that weaves together flashbacks 
from Hollywood in the 'lOs and 
Broadway in the '60s. The play 
opens Friday and runs through June 
4. Performances are 818 p.m. Thurs-
day through Satuday. Tickets are 
$10 to $12. Info: 574-1060. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLERIES 
Mu .... m of ~Ic 
An.: " Souvenirs from Japan: 
Japanese Photography at the Turn 
of the Century" will he on display 
through May 22. The exhibit in-
cludes 113 hand-colored photo-
grap'i taken from the collection of 
a German engineer. Gallery hours 
are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Sunday. Info: 234-1001. 

Min." In ............ Mu-
...... : " Images of India: Temple 
Cloths, Terra Conas and Ornamen-
tal Arts" is on display through July 
3. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Saturday from 11 a.m. to 5 
p.m., 2 to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admis-
sion is $3. Info: 453-5300. 

M .... YII .. o..-tment of 
Specl.. Collection., The 
UnlYenity LIbnr)': "American 
Poetry Anthologies and Their Role 
in Defining the Canon(s) of Ameri-
can Literature," an exhibit of liter-
ary anthologies, will be on display 
through July 29. Gallery hours co-
incide with those of the library. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-2533. 

Blood of AbnINun, CooIo 
and ChIc-. LIIer~tIon will 
give a free concert in the Price 
Center Plaza at 5 p.m. Admission 
is free. Info: 534-4090. 

tuesday SIr .,. ..... QuIntet will play 
its mix of Tex-Mex and psyche-

Cal-Animagewillpresent ..... delic rock at the Belly Up Tavern 

....... ..... FOftIm: Jorge 
Huerta directs Jose Rivera's "Gi-
ants Have Us in Their Books" 
through May 8. Performances are 
tonight through Friday at 8 p.m., 2 
and 8 p.m. on Saturday and 7 p.m. 
on Sunday. Tickets forstudents are 
$4. Info: 534-4574. 

M .... v. CWiery: "Carol 
Jacque: Recent Work" will be on 
display through May 8. Jacque is a 
sculptor who lives in Miami Beach, 
FL Her work has been influenced 
by her contact with the elderly 
population there. Gallery hours are 
Tuesday through Sunday from 
noon to 5 p.m. Admi~sion is free. 
Info: 534-2864. 

(IMtMING? 
LA JOLLA 
HAS "ALL THE 
ANSWERS. 

From a huge variety of services like Kinko's, 
Bank of America, Dean's 50 Minute Photo, Sav-
On Drugs and Ralph's Grocery, to entertainment 
and fun from places like TGIFriday's, Blockbuster 
Video and Pacific Theatres, La Jolla Village Center 
has got you seriously. covered. 

lo __ ..... on.o 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
Get k. Got It. Good. 

/I/I/!'-,J)\) 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGIIT COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGIIT 
Alll0-0z. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
• .,..." $I ..... are.., ....... 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

lafter 1 pm) 

·CilIIIII·.,I ............. 5 • .c. ......... 
274-ALES 

$5 each 

TACOg_LL,C~S.R •• S 
...... ' .... UCOHLlCOl'f' 

.v with epee!&! ;ueat SAM PHILLIPS 
11" FRIDAY JUNE 10 8PM 

MONTEZUMA HALL - SDSU 
ALL AGES ADMITTED 

• 

• • 

... . \ 



HIATUS 4 The UCSD Guardian 

FILM 

No Escape 
Ray Liotta discusses his challenging role 

By Jenny GaIMe .. 
Staff Writer 

Actor Ray Liotta, who plays 
Captain John T . Robbins in the 
recently-released film No Escape, 
is most familiar to audiences from 
his past films Good/elias and Field 
of Dreams. No Escape took Liotta 
to the rainforests of Australia, 
where he endured both pbysical 
and mental cballenges during the 
filming. His character, Robbins, is 
a special forces marine who is sent 
to Absolom, a rempte jungle is-
land where criminals are banished 

to battle to their deaths. Violently 
resistant to authority, Robbins' 
only concern is self-preservation 
and escape. During a recent inter-
view, Liotta spoke about both his 
career and his role in this new 
film. 
G ....... :WIurt_It..-.ut 
the role ................. ,..? 

Liotta: It was a combination of 
things. I like doing different things 
and different types of movies, and 
it just translated to this [film]. I 
don't want to be snobby, ' I' m not 
going to do an action movie.' If 

anything I would do a soap opera, 
too. I love to act, and I'm not out 
to do it to please a certain section 
of people. I do it because I love 
doing it, and it was a really inter-
esring challenge. 

The real acting and hard stuff 
waa to make something lite this 
appear as if it's really happening, 
and I think we've definitely done 
that in the movie. It's a cartoon; 
it's a comic book. I hadn't done a 
character like this before. Right 
after it I'm doing a romantic com-
edy with Whoopi Goldberg. It's 

Thurad.y, M., 5, 1994 

by LIotIII .......... MIc:MeI ~ In 11M .... CIInp"'l'e 
......... tIc .ctIon ......... film No &arM. 
more of a dramedy. I playa jingle 
writer, and I get to play piano. 

I'm not doing it [different roles] 
to keep people off guard, I just 
really love doing it. Plus, as an 

action movie, I thought a perfect 
action hero would be a special-
forces marine - one guy who 
goes up against 400 and gets the 

See ESCAPE, page H6 

8~8~ 
OPT 0 MET R Y 

GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 
~---------T----------SUNGLASSES' I EVE EXAM "AND" 

SPECIAL I GLASSES 

$20 ofJ* : $99~oMPU<TE 
I 

'MY PAIR" STOCJ(. I ' SINGU VISION. CR-39. SELECT FlWIES. 
~--------------------EXPIRES 7 11/ 9. UTe (NEXT TO NORDSTROM) 455 -1 052 

Do you suffer from ASTHMA? 
Volunteers are needed for Research Drug Study. All testing and 

study medications are FREE 
Q!Wified participanh will be paid up to 5250.00 

Call Dianna or Linda at 
436-3988 

WARREN W. PLEsKOW, M.D. 
Allergy and Asthma Treatment and Reacarch Association 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
ST/j 

STA TRAVEL 
1-800-777-0112 
Th. worW·. 1 ........ etuclent .. youth trav.l o",aniaaUOft 

ThU'lday, May 5,1994 The UCSD Guardiaa 

FILM 

P.C.U. 
Film uses stereotypes to rrwck 

political correct1l£SS 
By ............ 
Staff Writer 

The term "political correctness" 
has undeniably become a part of the 
American psyc:be, seeping into the 
framework of socia1 relationships 
and institutions everywhere. Now, 
thanks to those timely folks atTwen-
tieth Century Fox, political correct-
ness is a hot movie topic - and it is 
nearly lampooned to death in the 
recently-released P.C.U. 

Directed by newcomer Hart 
Bochner, the film opens with pro-
spective freshman Tom Lawrence 
(Chris Young) arriving at Port 
Chester University (p.C.U.) on the 
weekend of the school's 200th an-
niversary celebration. Tom, who 
is trying to decide whether or not 
he wants to attend the university in 
the fall, gets lost on the large cam-
pus almost immediately and winds 
up in the computer lab, only to trip 
and short-circuit all of the com-
puters. 1bissccne(wbicb happens 
to be one of the fuonierones) leaves 
all afthe computer academics fu--
rious with Tom for wiping out 
their fmal theses, whicb are due on 
Monday. 

In his desperate search for 
safety from the homicidal com-
puter nerds wbo are cbasing him, 

Tom winds up at an old fraternity 
bouse, commonly refened to as 
"TbePit. " Thia old building bouscs 
a rock band and their party-animal 
friends, wbo have been accused of 
"destroying th& sensitivity level 
on campus." Amidst the chaos, 
Tom is paired up with the Pit's 
leader, Droz (Jeremy Piven), who 
is supposed to introduce him to 
university life. 

The rest of the film chronicles 
the trials and tribulations of the 
denizens of the Pit as they try to 
raise the $7,000 they owe to the 
university for property destruction 
caused by a rager of a party. 

Although there are definitely a 
number of funny lines and the 
premise of the film has potential, 
the vast talent of the cast (which 
includes David Spade, Megan 
Ward and Jessica Walter) isn't 
enough to rescue it. P.C. U., which 
tries to mock the ridiculous nature 
of hard-line political correctness, 
goes out of its way to over-stereo-
type the various student groups. 
The mediocre plot makes for a 
mediocre movie, and the end re-
sult might leave you wishing you'd 
waited for the video. 

P.C.U. is playing at theaters 
throughout San Diego. 

Earl Warren iB lo!?tl A reward 
of one FREE 12 oz Cappuccino, 
Latte, EBpreBeo. or Mocha iB 
offered to anyone who can find 
Earl, Circle him and bring him 
back to EarilB Place before 
6/14/94. 

Earl'5 Place ie located in 
the n~ Warren Reeidential 
Complex. If you get aB loet 
ae Earl JUBt call 534-5977. 
Hour&: 
Mon-Fri 7am-lam 
Sat-Sun llam-1am 

1IL\111S 5 

ear IS 
Place 
• • • • 

~ -



• 

HIATUS 6 

II 
IEl 

.TRII 

UTe Village 
BAD GIRlS _' TIIE INKWELL 
TIlREESOME I TIlE FAVOR 
wrrn HONORS " YOU SO CRAZY 
3 NINJAS PCU 
BEING HUMAN BACKBEAT 
NO ESCAPE 
Call to confirm Call to confirm 

452-7766 453-7831 

ESCAPE: Actor 
talks about his roles 
CeIIIIIIUed'" .... HI 
gun. How do you .pp1OlCb tbat 
and make it appear u if it's really 
hlppening?It'aalsoaboutredemp-
tion. There's also a theme in there 
if you want to get a little deeper; 
one of the most pressing illues 
today in our society is prisons and 
the overcrowding and "Three 
strikes you're out." If a private 
enterprise did take on a prison, 
what would happen? 

It [No Escape] WII s career 
move. SOIMtlting Wad wu my 
first movie. I was such a maniac in 
thst. Then I went and did some-
thing euy in Dominick orut Eu-
geM. I was a nice medical student. 

ThenlgotF~ldofDrelUllS, which 
is a fantasy kind of movie and then 
I happened to get GoodfelUu, a 
nitty-gritty reality character piece. 
Then I did Article 99, where I'm a 
heart surgeon helping fight for the 
vets, which is still an issue that 
bothen me because the movie 
didn't do well. Then UnlIIwfid 
Elltry where I'm a cop, and that's 
a thriller, so why not throw an 
action movie in there? 

I wanl you to look back 30 
yean from now and say, "You did 
action movies, you did sweet little 
dramas, you did scary movies, you 
did character pieces." It's just part 
of the method that I've always 
had. Plus Gale Anne Hurd who 
did the Aliell movies and Termi-
,""or produced it [No Escape], 
and so I knew I was going to be in 
good hands. 
You aid you ... m to enjoy 
• v.nety of IIfferent roles. 
1 ........ .., .... roIeht 
you're Iookln& for? 

No. I'd like 10 do a greal scary 
movie, a great mystery, a great 
love story, a little bit of every-
thing. That's what's fun about ac-
lion. I don't want to get too locked 
into one thing. The one common 
denominator that I have with all 
my movies is that I'm always play-
ing someone who is committed to 
what they're doing. That brings 
about a certain intensity and drive 
from beginning to end. 
Let'. tIIIk IIbout ........... 
In AIls ...... How lid ,.. 
.. wortdnI with the .... t 
of the crew? How cId ,.. 
Intennll .... with enl,.. 
.... ? 

All the crew was Australian. 
1bey were used to working in the 
elements. It was a fun job to do. 
We were up in the rain forest. The 
hud thins was really aetting the 

Tbunday •• , 5. 1994 

riabt mindset. How do you play a III 10 ,...., - .. - ,..... 
guy wbo'a up apinst 4001 That'a arMI'1 
so extreme, and it is [lite) a comic Hopefully, I'll be at a level of 
book. How could I do it' working with Sconeee apiD and 

I met a marine wbo la in spe- people of that ilk. And [I hope] to 
cial forces and was inDeaert Storm, still be having fun, because I re-
and I found out what the special ally enjoy acting. 
forceabavctodo.ltwasjuatamaz- I still take actina cl .... I've 
ina the training you have to do and been doins it [profeaional acting] 
the mindset. I think be had emo- for 10yeara,andIstiUao[toclau] 
tional trauma because it [the war] everyTueaday.lkeepcballenging 
really bothered him in Desert myself. 
Storm. I saw pictures of him and At fint, I got a little too pre-
other&, and they're all loan. 1bey cious with my career. I thought 
weren't lite bia muscle guys. Part everything had to be a classic. Of 
of [the cballenae for me] wu get- . the first four movies, two were 
tingfrom20percentbodyfudown nominated for best picture. I re-
to 12 percent because I wanted member when I first read this 
that lean, tight feel for thia. movie [No EsClIpe] I was saying, 
n..... ..... .. lot of fIlM "What, are you kidding me? 
_IIICI vlal •• a. In the There's just no way, this is so 
movie. How do ,...... stupid. I'm going to go up against 
IIbout ............... IIICI 400 guys?" 
the YIaIence? And then allofasudden, I said, 

I've got to juggle two things: "Wait a minute. Come down Mr. 
my career in terms of getting to Big Shot, Mr. Good/elMS. You're 
where I want to go and what's not doing anything now. You want 
offered me. You get a certain to change your image. You don't 
amount of opportunity, and I think want to be known as just a bad 
as long as these movies are rated guy. There's something very he-
properly, and that parents super- roic and romantic about this char-
vise their kids ... you have no idea acter, and you haven't done that, 

. how many kids I have coming up so why don't you take 00 that 
to me that are eight or nine years challenge?" 
old [who say], "I loved you .in You went to the U ... "venIty 
Goodfellas and Unlawful Elltry." of M ......... sot • a.ch-
It's an R-rated movie, [age] 17 or elan In FIne Arts. DId ,.. 
above. [I ask them,] "How did you lane ... __ ............ 
see that?" [They usually respond,1 In your life? 
"I was watching it with my dad." I had no idea what I wanted to 

For every Goodfellas I hope to do with my life. I was going to take 
have an Article 99, or Dominick liberal arts, but I didn'l want to 
andE"sene. Itry to be responsible take math, so I decided to take 
for myself. This particular movie theater. Because I had a theater 
[No Escape] is a comic book, and class in high school, I figured it 
I just hope that whatever the age would be fun and at least kill a 
that's .allowed to see it just goes year. Istarted out doing musicals; 
and has fun. itstill wasn't exactly whatl wanted 
I noticed you did • lot of to do with my life, but I was hav-
your own .......... tunts, .. ing fun. There was a great teacher 
tMt • PIli tIud you enJoy7 down there, and he really took me 

I grew up playin, army in the under his wing and helped me. 
backyard, with a bat as a gun, and By junior year, I decided that 
that's all this [film] was-just an this was something that I wanted 
extended game of make-believe to pursue. When I graduated col-
because that's how I look at act- lege, [things happened quickly]. 
ing. Acting is a child's game with The third day I was in New York I 
adult rules and on an adult level. landed a commercial and then the 
You're the good guy, I'm the bad next day I had an agent, the next 
guy. day I had a manager and within a 

It's almost like JOing to a fan- month I wu screen-tested for 
tasy camp. It was jUlt fun, make- movies out in L.A. and within six 
believe. And to have the underly- months I had a soap opera. So 
ing themes JOing along with it, to thioga just happened really 
bechuedrunningthrouahthefor- quickly. I was extremely lucky. 
est, I don't want to do it for real, ' 1bere'salwaysnewopportuni-
that's for sure. It was ID ultimate ties, new choices, new people I'm 
time of having fun. Brinp you meeting. I'm 38 [yean old]. You 
back to being a kid, which ia what realize the older you get, the less 
acting iI anybow. you know. I'm constantly leam-
....... ,.. .. ,........ ina· 

Personal and Confidential CJrc for W0fT10f1 Since 1969 ... 

FREEPREGNANCYTESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TElT (I"""..". TNt ReaullaJ 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (Gemnl 01 Local Aneatlre-J 

oumtm~ 
v...~ 
, 

"," ) , " \. II 

': , :,' 
. .' 

I ).\ 

1 t ,. ..... 1 
11 ", 

• ~ ,: ~ { ... r t ," j 

. ., 

PHIUP 

J11[J(RELS 
AI Davis on 
The Move 

LOS ANGELES-It'. bi. news here than Ml3ic 
Jobnlon's re-retirement. It', 
bigger news than the L.A. 
Kinas' owner Bruce McNall's 
legal troubles. It's even biller 
than the onaoing triala and 
tribulatioDi of erstwhilc 
DocIger outfielder Darryl 
Stnwberry. 

AI Davis wlnts to skip town 
again. This is not a recording. 

By now, most Raider fans 
have grown used to Davis' 
annUlI "we're outta here" 
address, which uaually comes 
about the aamc time he's 
renegotiating bi. lease with the 
L.A . . Coliseum. Davis, after all, 
seems to have tbreatened to 
move the team out of Los 
Angeles even before he moved 
the Raiders from Oakland. But 
this year, apparently, is 
different. This time, Big Al is 
seriow. 

Once again, this is not I 
recording. 

The Coliseum wu damaged 
in January's earthquake, but 
officials swear that the stadium 
will be ready to go in time for 
the opening kickoff io Septem-
ber. Hell hath no fury like AI 
Davis scorned, however. He's 
still not satisfied with the lack 
of skyboxes and sellout crowds 
at the Coliseum. And the 
damage from the earthquake 
baa given him a golden 
opportunity to bolt for greener 
pastures. 

Enter Orlando. The city 
famous the world over for its 
amusement park, its, oranges 
and its early exits in the first 
round of the NBA playoffs, 
had presented the Raiders with 
a desl to permanently relocate 
to the Tangerine Bowl. 
Orlando offICials are trying to 
entice Davis by offering 
skyboxes, guaranteed sellouts 
and a nominal \ease. On 
Monday, talks broke off 
between Davis and Orlando. 
Presumably, negotiations 
stalled when Bi, AI wasn't 
allowed to ride the "Pirates of 
the Canbbean" attraction at 
Disneyworld whenever he 
wanted. 

But Orlando was just one of 
the many .,.rticiplnts in the 
Raider relocation IWcepatsltes. 
Davis has let it be known that 
he wouldn't mind lIOViaa the 
team back to 0U1and, 
altboulb the city, which has 

See AL. Pace 17. 

• 

~ UCSD Caudiaa SPORTS 11 

MeonItitclW/GunIM 
~ twcHReter ......... JulIe .... po ....... Ute UCSD WOIMII'. __ polo t.-n to vIotoIy In the C8I Open lit UC ..... ,. 

UCSD Captures First-Ever Cal Open 
COMEBACK: After an early loss to Davis, San Diego (25-2) exacts its revenge in championship matchup, 7-3 
By ..... K. Hutto "We could play the worst games didn't put away our few good shot nothin, to lose,ft Harper said. "Af-
Sports Editor of our lives and still best Stanford opportunities and Julie Swail was ter four games, we were playing 

The UCSD women's water polo by ·five or sill pis," San Diego takillla beatin, It two meteR. "The very loose polo. It wu like an out-
team (25-2) continued its assault on Head Coach Denny Harper said. result equated to a 6-2 Iosa. of-body experience." 

another NCAA "We gave oursubs a lot of time and "We were kind of pissed .about The Tritons stunned the top-seed, 
Nat ion a I [Stanford] just couldn't compete at that whole thing, there's no doubt 8-6, in what Harper characterized IS 
Championship our level." about it," Harper said. "But we abrilliantgameforhiswomen. "We 
by seizing the Unfortunately, the rugby match tumedilaroundfasterthanlthougbt were firing on all cylinders, both 
18th annual against UC Davis a few hours later we would." offensively and defensively," he 
C a I i for n i a did not prove to be as suc:cessful.ln Indeed, in its third game of the said. "Oh boy, [EI Cerrito] was not 
Open title ina very physical malch a typical prod- day, UCSD jumped all over host Cal happy losing to us. We shocked the 
dramatic ,fash- uct of Northern California referee- for a 9-4 wha\loping. And because hell out of everybody." 
ion lut week at ing the Tritons found themselves up of a schedule glitch, San Diego was The win advlnced UCSD to the 
UC Berkeley. to their necks in Aggie elbows. forced to play an unheud-of fourth championship final rematch against 

In an utterly "There were two very low-rated match of the day against number- Davis. This time around it wasn't 
draining first refs from the Bay Area who wouldn't one seed EI Cerrito, a club team even close. Shawna Caballero 
day of play, the call In ejection if their lives de- composed of former and current crushed the Aggies' All-American 
Tritons ham- pended on it," Harper aid. "We National squad members from goalie with two early lob shots, and 

mered Stanford, 9-3, in Friday's were tackled everywhere we went Northern California. UCSD cruised the rest of the way to 
opening-round action. and that led 10 a lot of turnovers. We "It was a classic case of having capture its first-ever Cal Open, 7-3. 

Tritons Boiled by Cal Baptist Lancers, 10-3 
. TO ERR: UCSD (28-4) plagued by five official errors in final regular season contest for first home losS of year 
IJ Jeff PrauIht when Chris Miyake'. two-out single wu fol- over the left field wall and with two outs, Andy 
Staff Wr1ter lowed by AI DelFavero'. RBI-doubIe. Saltsman delivered an RBI-single to center. 

There was a putrid stench hovering over La However, Triton ICC Ryan Flanapn (8-2) Flanagan (5 2;3 IP, SR, SER, 5H) was re-
Jolla on Tuesday aftemooa, but it wasn't another didn't show his best stuff againat Cal Baptist, placed by Marc Abrams, who provided little 
sewage spill - it was the Triton baseba1J team running into .trouble in the fourtb innin,. Bob relief. Seraio Galvez drove home Saltsman with 
(28-4) ltinkilll up the joint in a pathedc: 10-31ou Martin ripped a double off the centerfield wall to a single to left, and Galvez took second on the 
to Cal Baptist at Triton Field. open the frlme, and Sydney Jacbon launched a weak tbrow bome. Second baseman Eric 

UCSD couldn't drive in runs, it couldn't catch titanic shot over the wall to give the Lancen a 2- Quandt's throwing error allowed Galvez to score, 
tile bail and it couldn't keep its mind on the pme. J lead. handing Cal Baptist a 6-2 lead. 
And it waited until the final replar season game, UCSD tied the pme 2·2 in tbe fourth inning, Triton blunders continued in the bottom of 
ia fIont of tile year'a bi ... aowcI, to do it. but Cal Baptisttoolt acommandina lead in the top the innina. After Alban doubled with two outs, 

11Unp looked good in the boIIom of the fina of the sixth. Roberto Si ... roped a homer deep See LOU, Pace 17 

THI W ••• AM.AD JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 

W ...... WlllrPab 
Thur., May 5 VI. UCSD men's Nat UCSO 

fri., May 6 VI. USDHS Boys at UCSO 
Sal, Me! 7, VB. ~ SIn a.., at UCSO 

"If I had my life t9 live over, I would 
have liked to have ended up as a sports-
writer." 

-Biehard M. Nixon (1913-1994) 

-



• 

12 SPORTS The UCSD Gaardiu Tlaunda" Ma,5, 19M 

THE UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Men's Lacrosse 

The UCSD lacrosse 

., 

team, playing in its fint 
Western Conference la-
crosse League Final 
Four,madeagoodshow-
ing for itself by advanc:-

ing to the championship game be-
\I .. fore falling to undefeated UC Ber-

keley, 14-11, on Sunday. 
The tournament, held in Santa 

Barbara, was history in the making 
for the Tritons, who got off to a 
shaky start in Friday's semifinal 
against Santa Clara before winning, 
17-15. After spotting the Bronc:os 
two goals, the Tritons roared back 
and eventually took a 10-6 lead by 
the half. 

But Santa Clara was no't to be 
denied and retook the lead, 15-13, 
with three-and-a-half minutes to 
play. It was UCSD's turn to respond 
and it rattled off fou r in a row forthe 

" - victory. Lee Carter sealed the win 
by picking up a ground ball and 
outrunning the out-of-position 
goalie to the net for the final score. 

~ .. 

Thaddeus Reynolds led all scor-
ers with seven goals. 

Women's Lacrosse 
Last weekend's Fi-

., 

nal Four at Stanford Uni-
venity proved to be a 
gut-wrenc:hing end to a 
phenomenal season for 
the UCSD women's la-

crosse team. 
On Saturday, UCSD squared off 

against a powerful squad from UC 
Davis, falling victim to the Aggies' 
offensive onslaught, 15-6. 

"They're just a really good all-
around team," co-captain Loc 
Nguyen said. "I actually enjoy play-
ing against them because it brings 

_ my game up." 
Sunday 's consolation game pit-

ted the Tritons againsttheir old nem-
esis, Santa Barbara. After a sluggish 
start which left UCSD in a 8-1 half-

Water Skiing 
Geoff 

Harris is 
. "-_on a roll 

for the 
UCSD 
water-

skiing team. The senior broke the 
school record in the jump event for 
the third tournament in a row, this 
time extending the to 95 feelat 
- ~ the UCDavis lour, ment last week-

end. The Davis n three feet 
better than the st. . ~ :d he estab-
lished the week before at Sacra-
mento and five feet longer than the 
record he set at the previous tourna-
ment. 

The jump placed Harris fifth in 
the field of 55 and helped his Triton 
team to a fifth-place overall finish 
out of 11 teams. In addition to his 
leaping ability, Harris nailed per-
sonal bests in the trick and slalom 
events to lead UCSD. 

Harris' run of suc:c:ess wu good 
enough to make him a second-tearn 
All-Conference selection, joining 
fellow Tritons Bill Berk and Dave 
Sasse. Berlt, a junior, and Sasse, a 

• senior, were named first-team All-
Conference in the trick event. 

The only female Triton selected 
was senior Alison Walmsley, who 
was the top selection in the All-
Conference trick team and was also 
named to the firat-team slalom 

..,. squad. In addition, Walmsley was 

"We knew we couldn't lose 
steam at halftime, but we came 
out and just played sloppy," 
UCSD team captain Mark Steele 
said of the Broncos' comeback. 
"Santa Clara didn't give up hope. " 

The Berkeley game was a dif-
ferent story. The Bears are a 
physically-dominating team that 
has mauled opponents all year, 
so UCSD knew it was the under-
dog. After Berkeley scOred in the 
first six seconds as a result of a 
controversial possession call be-
fore the game even started, the 
Tritons tried to settle down. 

But the Golden Bean deserved 
their undefeated record. Ham-
pered by penalties and struggling 
to contend with an unusual Ber-
keley man-up offense, the Tri-
tons could get no closer than a 6-
6 tie. 

"They really had to beat us," 
Steele said. "But we didn't playa 
flawless game. The penalties 
killed us and we had some nerves. 
But we gave them a game." 

-llyGNgW ..... 

time hole, the Tritons erupted for 
eight second-half goals. How-
ever, UCSB reverted to playing 
keep away in the closing minutes 
of the game in order to hold on. 
"It was a heartbreaking loss," 
Nguyen said. 

Despite their struggles at the 
Final Four, the Tritons' perfor-
mance on the season was far from 
disappointing. Nguyen, Anne 
Whitmore and Nanc:y Vesper all 
were named to the Southern Cali-
fornia all-star team 

Playing in their final games 
for UCSD were seniors Lee 
Nguyen, Jeannie Chufo, Jessica 
Cogan, Whitmore and Nicole 
Heynneman. 

--8y Den Kreft 

named second-team All-Ameri-
can in the jump event. 

Walmsley, Sasse, Harris and 
Berk will head to Lawerence, 
Kansas, for the CoI.legiate Na-
tional All-Stan Water Ski Tour-
nament in three weeks. Before 
that, the entire Triton team has to 
deal with their last tournament of 
the regular season at Western 

Ultimate Disc 

'~ The 
UCSD ulti-
~ mate disc 

team found itself one step closer to 
nationals after notching a second-
plac:e finish at the San Diego-hosted 
Southern California/Arizona Col-
legiate Sectionals last Saturday. 

The UCSD Air Squids squared 
off against Northridge in the first 
round of action. Immediately set-
ting the tone of the match, San 
Diego forc:ed a turnover with Bryan 
Oualls in the endzone ready to put 
UCSD on the board. 

Theconlest soon developed into 
a see-saw battle, with neither team 
asserting control until CSUN broke 
loose with a three-point run to es-
tablish a 7-11 lead. 

With the Tritons trailing 9-11 
and CSUN threatening to score, 
Ian Agol came up with a great 
block on the goal line to prevent a 

Washington University in two weeks. 
Walmsley is the only Triton re-

turning to the national tournament. 
Last year she and then-senior Duane 
Gee represented the Western region. 
Gee was the only skier from the re-
gion to attain All-American status 
when he finished fifth in the slalom 
event. 

point The Air Squid offense saw iii 
chance and capitalized once again . 
With the momentum in its favor, 
UCSD scored twice more to steal the 
lead, 12-11. 

While CSUN c:hallenpd the Tri-
tons' position witb anodIerpoint, UCSD 
responded with IWocoDleCUtivescores 
to win, 14-12 

The second game pitted UCSD 
against Pomona Pitzer. Ridinga wave 
of confidence, San Diego pounded 
Pitzer, 13-4. 

Although Pomona was the first to 
score, UCSD quiddy retaliated be-
hind the efforts of Chris Weaver, 
who ignited a run of five straight 
points for San Diego. 

With two wins under its belt, 
UCSD advanc:ed to the semifinals 
against the Univenity of Arizona. 

With the score 2-1 in UCSD's 
favor, the tide of the game turned in 
favor ofthe Air Squids. Aftera nine-

Sailing 

It had been four 
long years since the 
UCSDsailingteam last 

itself competing 
in the prestigious Pa-
cifIC Coast Champion-

ships (PCCS), held last weekend at 
UC Berkeley's Encinal Yacht Club. 

But in this incredible seuon of 
scrappy performances, heads-up 
seamanship and steady determina-
tion, the Triton sailors finally came 
through. 

Though each college was sup-
posed to send four sailors, UCSD 
could only muster up its two-man 
wrecking crew of Eric Wilcox and 

Surfing 
The UCSD surf 

team mastered the 
relatively small 
two- to three-foot 
waves at Oceanside 

last Saturday to capture the NSSA 
State Championships. San Diego 
dominated its competition despite 
the absence of several membera of 
the team as a result of injuria. 

Individually, Charlea Golden '. 
first-place DUtin, IboI clown tile 
field in the men'l divisioa, while 
teammate Brian Sanders 1110 ad-
vanced to the meet's final round. 

Tara Larkinl excelled once 
apin in \be women'. divisioD, 
stealin. a first-plac:e ..... title of 

turnover scramble, Weaver was able 
to find Ben Finkelor in the endzone, 
setting loose a San Diego scoring 
blitz. When the dust finally settled, 
UCSD had triumphedlS-3. 

In the finals, UCSD found itself 
facing the Black Tide of UCSB. 
Santa Barbara picked up the first 
three points of the contest and held 
the Air Squid offense at bay. 

Finally, after a great defensive 
showing by Nor Oropez, UCSD 
forced a turnover of its own, and a 
pass to Erik Kuppennan put San 
Diego on the board. 

UCSD trailed 1-9 at the halfway 
point, but managed to convert a rare 
long-bomb score from Wayne 
Crawford to Agol to stay in the hunl 

Although UCSB went on to win 
17-7, UCSD hung tough in the sec-
ond half, nearly matching UCSB's 
eight points with six of its own. 

-llyT,.vleaone 

Ed Chamben. 
Fighting the shifty winds and 

choppy seas, the Triton pair gar-
nered ninth- and 10th-place fin-
ishes in several varsity A races. 

The round-robin format of the 
events required the two-man teams 
to use a different boat in each race. 
Purposeful sabotage, such as im-
properly adjusting the sail. be-
tween events, was entirely legal. 

"[Chambers and Wilcox] really 
got a chance to show what good 
sailors they were, since they had to 
readjust new boats each race," c0-
captain Josh Feldman said. 

~T""Ledd 

her own. On top of this, abe set an 
NSSA record for the II10It wins in 
one season (15). 

Team co-captains Mark Weber 
and Sanders both laid they feel 
that u. result of the injuries, other 
membera of the squad have been 
forced to step up and fill the void. 

The last meet of the season is 
the National Championships on 
June 27 at lower Trusties. 

"It's been a good ICIIOn for us. 
W.'vewon the Soudtwestem Con-
ferenc:e, we're state champs now, 
and if everyone surfs like we have 
been, we should be able to pull off 
the National d ...... Weber said. 

~ .......... 

Tlaunda" ., 5, 1994 The UCSD Guardiaa SPORTS 13 

UCSD Athletes Make Flora Vista Connection 
COMMUNnY nME: Triton sports standouts volunteer efforts to bolster physical edu~tion department at Flora Vista Elementary School 
By TMeI ~ sc:hool,sotheresponaibilityfellinto (ball] is a game they really love." 
St." WrIter the laps of the teachen. The athletes' activities have been 

In this age of early-exit athletes, Already bogpd down with their amazingly suc:c:essful because they 
illegally paid players and sneaker- own cluses, teachers at Flora Vista lead by example in most of the 
sponsored coaches, a few UCSD were burdened with the additional games. Active participation is al-
athletes have decided to forsake the responsibilities of organizing out- most never a problem with the ex-
money-driven collegiate sports door games and activities for the cited kids. 
world for something a little more kids. "The children have fun with it 
important. "This program is really about because they can see the athletes 

. As if being a "student athlete" supporting the teachers," said Flora really enjoying themselves," said 
weren 'tenough, these dedicated Tri- Vista Principal Gail Patterson. "Be- Patterson. 
ton performers now proudly wear fore the volunteen were here, the Since the innovative program 
the title of "volunteer." teachen didn't have any time to started in early January, response 

That suits UCSD Associate Ath- punue their other educational inter- from both parents and kids has been 
letic Director Ken Grosse just fine. ests." enormously positive. 
In his first year at UCSD, Grosse is Grosse stepped in, realizing that "Parents love it," Grosse said. 
theenergeticc:reatorofanewphysi- this was a perfect opportunity for "It just took off and worked out 
cal-education program that brings UCSD's near-invisible athletic de- beyond expectations." 
Triton student athletes in contact partment to take a big step forward Relinquishingtwohounofprime 
with the community. in public: credibility. In addition, he study or training time to help local 

"It's a win-win situation all the had two personal incentives of his elementary school kids, however, 
way across the board," said Grosse. own. can be tough. 

Standouts from a variety of "I had a hand on each side of the "It's a big time commitment," 
UCSD sports ranging from soc:c:er project," Grosse said. "My two kids said Pugh. "But I love kids, so it's 
to volleyball volunteer two times a go to Flora Vista." worth it." 
week at Flora Vista E!ementary By working with the children in Grosse said that he is working 
School, teaching physical education stretching exercises and such sports with the Triton Athletic Council to 
to kids from kindergarten to third as dodge-ball, UCSD athletes seem expand the program next year. At 
grade. to have as much enthusiasm as the present, he feels that it can be quite 

"The athletes are just unbeliev- kids do. an undertaking for so few volun-
able," Grosse says. "They've done "It's such a blast working with teen. 
really well taking control ofthesitu- these kids," said Triton water polo In the meantime, however, the 
at ion. " star Julie Swail. kids at Flora Vista Elementary are 

Things weren't always running In fact, it's hard to pick out the having fun with a few student-ath-
so smoothly at Flora Vista Elemen- -college students on the Flora Vista lete volunteen who truly relish what 
tary. The school was noexc:eption to playground, since they are often they're doing. 
a national trend that makes physical found covered from head to toe in "I'm very impressed with the 
education a low priority. laughing, screaming children. UCSD athletes because it's purely 

The Encinitas School District "We play all kinds of games, voluntary," said Patterson. "These 
could not afford to finance a physi- from tag to basketball," said UCSD students are wonderful role mod-
cal education department at the soccer star Carin Pugh. "Prisoner els." 

UCSD treck ster J.J. c.strler Is one of meny Triton ethIet_ who 
lulve volunteered their Um. to at Flore Ville EI ........ tery School. 

s 

Love Can Build a B 

Come out and volunteer in your San Diego Community. 
Project areas include: environment 

homeless 
graffiti busting 
youth issues 
elderly 
shelters 
animals 
AIDS 

We need UCSD's students, faculty, & staff to get involved! 

saturday, may 14 
call 534-1414 

. For more Information or pick up a registration form 
in our office on the 2nd floor. Price Center. 

HELP MAKE A DIFFERENCE 
IN SAN DIEGO COUNTY. 

....... _ ...................... _ .. ..,A8UC8D ..... "'*""- Cal ........ 
ear.tIUIanI ..... .., .......... ,..., ........... PII:za Hut. ... Mc:C ...... 

a new book just in time for 

5 3 4 R E A D 

-

." 

" 
-

-



11 

softball 
TIuo",II r"_,, Mil' 3 
...... AM 
I 0tWId ... (4-0) 
2 Ole Br The s-d (S-O) 
3 Don'1 c.II ...... 13-1) 
4 8IIcIIng 0rMI0e (2-1) 
II PI.,tno Fot PeMU1II (2-2) 
...... AA 
I HIiIIPr Hour (3-0) 
2 The Wooly aupr. (3-0) 
3 .... (4-0) 
4 DIMIotId TIMwee (3-0) 
II IIab ZupcIc'. Fan Club (3-0) 
" .... ChI Omega IS-1) 
7 KGB (2-0) 
1 .... _ On Gr_ (3-0) 
• Poo Poo 13-1) 

10~ ..... CGwIcI8 (2-1) 
...... A 
I .... CIIcIcoI-. 4 (3-0) 
2 ~ ....... GIenIa (4-01 
3 ~ '" ... FIeld (3-0) 
4 ball HII (3-0) 
111,, ___ (4-01 
1 au.IIIr ~ 13-1) 
7 ....... (2-1) 

1~""13-1) 
1 PImII ....... (3-1) 
10 ShiNng ....,.. 13-1) 

coeDAA 

_ .. AM 

I S1ro!dn' The a.p (4-0) 
' 2 L.., ..... (4-1) 

3 SIuggeN (2-1) 
4 3D (2-2) 
II Mungo Mungo (2-1) 

1 a.- The ...., (4-0) 
2 The Porn HouM (4-0) 
3 L.IIpIencIeq (2-0) 
4 Slider lnaider (3-0) 
II The "-"" NoocIea (3-0) 
coeD A 
1 91icII1t In De Ho (3-0) 
2 .. IIiIIdIa (4-01 
3 8pMk The Monkey (3-0) 
4 IIuI1a Mel Qu1a (4-01 
II IJT8 (3-0) 
1 Hum ThIa a.IIr (4-01 

7~" ""(3- 1) 
1 Dnoe Upon " n_ In ChIne (2-0) 
• In The a.p (4-1) 
10 CrIme Doge & 88 ChicIIIa (3-1) 

The UCSD Guardian 

. 

/ & COMMENTARY 

sand 
volleyball 

"""'" ....... MancIIr ........ and AN owm 0CIUItI. 0urInI ........... ... 
'-* In 1liiie cIIwIIIiIII .... ~ ........ _ .................... end ... ... 
........ Mar 14 •• .., "' .. 8un GocIIparII FIIiIIvII. ear..-' •• ona.~ 
.... . _ you II "....11._ ..... JuII ..... 1Ir ot call ~ (534-4037) 
......... Into on,our .... . 
T_ . ..... C .. e._ 
AMCe4II .... v...,.. 
1. BIn. ~ HoI (7-1) 
2. T & T (1-1) 
3. JuIe'. The.... (7-3) 
AACe4II ...... ~ 
1. c.IIIamIa IOcIa c--ot 
2 . .... N ~ Eye (1-1) 
3. I'raIMII a.u.n (7-1) 
4. F ......... IIoIa (Sol) 
I . ....,........., (4-a) 
A c.... ... v...,.. 
1. ..... Jong c--ot 2....... c--ot 
3. 0-.... ~ 
4 . .. an ......... ~ 
AM ....... v...,.. 
1. The CNeIy .... (3-0) 
2. T_....,.. Pull (1-1) 
3. We ~ ...... (1-01 
4 . ..... Down ... (1-4) 
I . 8011IIII'. CuI 8haI (1-4) 
AA ......... v...,.. 
1. NIl ConneoIIon c--ot 2....... 1M) 
3. P....... (1-1) 
4. Ole.,,, hord (7-2) 
II. Veel VIcI VIal (7-2) 
I . AIel (1-2) 7.......... (7-2) 
I . .. .,. (WI 
A ....... v...,.. 
1. Arm & HMwner (1-1) 
2. "'-- &..wee (1-1) 
3. 2 Inch v.... (1-1) 
4 . ..... u.- (7-2) 
I . MIll PIIIII ...... (1-01 
e. 0udII GypIee (WI 
7. u.nc.d.a .') 
I . .... I'unIII (7.2) 

WIIr not " ......... 
................... 
_ .. -..... 

.............. 'thurt ... -.. 
T ___ , ................... ..... 

...,_..,,111 ..... "' .. ...... 

.......... 111 ......... ....... 

..., ... _ """. CIIIInII ... . 

... not,.. .......... .... 

.-..n't ............. .. 

..., ............ _GarIIaI 
AIIIIn. .............. ....... 

-..., ..... c.n...,..., win .. bIt-
But ............ 1M .... II1II 
Could 1Urpr1M ....... "' .. .... 
...,not ........ "' .... ... 

lIMn ................ .. 
.-..n't IIeen ........ .... 
... cIaNIMM ...... ..-.IIuI ................ 
-fI*DIe 
.-..n't....-y -.-...,.. 
................... 
o.tIlIDrw pIdi • win .... 
... .,.. 

c.n ..., CIIeM ... _p,"on 
But who'. ~ tanWtt? 
...., lIMp __ an ...... _ 

................ 

..., ........ ""111 .. ........ 

......... ..., ...... ..... 

..., ........ wIn ... .. 
,.. ............. ........ 

Thundey, May S, 19M 

".,..,.lIyau ...................... .,. ....... _ ........... 
... ~ .............. ~ ................ ..., •• eoa,. .. ·A· .... 
T....., • ...,,0,0:0C1p1n .. ·AA·. In ................ _.-...... ....... 
_ ........................ yau ........ __ .......... CIIIIII ... 
~(U4-4OI7).-",.. ........... 0lIl, IIIII_'I_'YI......., .. 
II ... ,...,. .,.,. ilion. 

""*"-
..... c-.. 

AA 
1. JuII HI! AnrII*'I 3-0 Can ...... ~ 
2· FlVInI ..... 3-1 T ............. _.-..-....... 
3 . ........ 3-1 lMtw-e ....... · upeat ....... 
4. 1IInIINn' "- 3-1 tr. II "' ... _ 
I . Klllr8opfll 3-1 h • ,I ..... oouIIIlIUIt __ 

A 
1 . ~CIIIIr a-o A ........... 
2. WIIIc* The .... a-o CouId ....... ~ ... on 
3 . ............ a-o WarII ........ not ...... film 
4. Tr1cIIIIIIoI 4-0 LMIII ................ 

e. EJiIId~ 3-1 WhII'P'P 
................ 3-1 WorIIId _ Manly PII*I 
7. WIIII' .......... 3-2 Could .. hungry ........ win • II 
.. CoI*. 2·2 EIdId ................. 
. . ..... ..., ...... COI* 3-1 ...... "-.CIo .... , ..... 
10. The FJvInI Codca 3-2 1'IIId ... ....,...... 

innertube waterpolo 
TIItou,. r",*" Mil' 3 

1. VI\gInII EI .... "".,I 4-0 
2. The QvneIon-Men 4-0 
3 . .....". 2-0 
4 . ............ C- ,., 
I . ..... In.....,. ,., 
• . DcImp In The Hole 3-1 
7. HIppI 0IppIrI 3-1 
I . DIllIn...,.,. ,., 
• . ZZVZX 2·1 

T_ ..... 10 . ............ 2·2 
....... AA 

--.. I . WII .... 4-0 1. ,,1I00IIIII," T ..... 3-0 
2. GnMIIIrI 4-0 I . ......... 3-0 
3. ....., DIwIIIIn ,., 3. HIm ....... 3-1 
4. CIII*In,....,., 3-0 4 . ......, ........... 2-1 
5. OIICI .... 3-1 I . AIIIaIuIIIr U,,_g.llIIl. 2·1 
.. PI..,. 2·2 • . GnMIIIrI ,., 
7. IIIInIId ClIme 1·1 7. 1...,..ftI'dI~ 2·2 
.. ~ 1·2 ..... " ..... ,., 

LIIn_don, W.rrlnlrtOn C.ptur. CIoIf Crowns 

e 
1 

FrId8y'l opening round of ItIIe ,......., .. 
the IIekI of 52 .,.,.,. poet the lowell lIroIIe 
...... 13. In 1M tDumItInent hiIIory. Johnny 
o.rza cwdecl • toumMIent record III ower the 
tough CWIIon 0eIIa Ieyout • gr8b the ...ty feIId. 
The prft8Ufe of eeoond lind It*d round ecIIon 
drove ICOI'_ w.y up tor IIIOM "* rnede the 

cuta. but nothing ... deoIded unIIIthe ........ on ~. 
Aa thl amoke clMred toIIowIng the eeoond round the undergrlld 

dIYIsIon ... cINrIy • two horN rKe. It ...... one player who wee 
fat Men In public IWingIng • rubber chIaIIen lind lCfeemlng fof two 
_light hours (.net hlWMn' IIflMled?) • Bob w.rtolglOn. HIs 
opponent rnodIIed hie gIIIM lifter PGA Pro .... P-. . Greg Friebel. 
Not Ilia golf IWfng mind you, hie ~. The pouIry pounder lind the 
YOIoMo. en .. ·tIme meectI up . . 

They hMded InIo the beak nine .. even Mel WIlfltnglDn took • one 
.... feIId InIo 1.. FMbeI .. on In ,.....".. buI ... alide-hlll12 
IDoeIr tor bInIIa. He mIIeed "lind ...... a per. All Bob ... to do ... 
to .... down In two from ..... wtIIdI hi'" ~. ~ 
pIenIy of'enoouragemenr fran .. geIIry. to ............ the ... 

SU8WA' 
NOW ' 

DELIVERS 
toycur dOOf 

at. ucso 
1 DAYS 

&:»2.0pID 

• -MEGA 
MEAL DEAL 
... ,--' ...... 
......... 

... I'n 
$ 

The tegendI cII¥IIIon .. NIne -..lIdlllll champion Ian Langdon 
1Ivow up • non...., to CMItIM o.rza Mel never look bile*. 
Johnny made • run on 8unday'1 bIIDIc nine, but oouIcI only INInIIge to gel 
within one 1IrOIce. Aa Langdon..,.. on ,. will hie """ held high In 
vIdory, CIItIng a ....., IIIIe Ihadow acrOII the fairway, the gallery ... 801'"". "pull your ...... down. yow ICIfIng the atIIIdren.· 
"" •• , $ s 

-

L!p!!!I 
-lioii WMIiIIIon 227 I~ lMIgcIorc 217 

ONe""" 121 JotcnGIrD 21. 
o.wtd ..... 

"' 
Doug o.n-IIc 213 

ArIIIn.,e-
"' 

.........,... .. 
..... l.IiIMIIeIIII MI JIlt I'IIIIIIIIIcI .. 
0Ne"--t 

-

DIn ...... 117 

_ .'" , .............. c.IIIr 0.0, " . 
-_ ... _ ..... c.lllrCWCO, 1& 

Come In for ~ 
UCSD'sbest ct.f\' Of.- , pizza ~,. ,~1.1.t.\ 

. ~ \-a"e . 
• 

. • Dellverv 
V_ ONLY AT c:c.rA YaMa ....... UICA'nCII&""" ~ UC8D ID.IIIIP • • ,.-

e7IO MIMMM RoAD....., CML.'S JR. 
Chicago Pizzeria La .......... 88'7a de La Jolla Dr. 

8780 GENuaE IN THE co.rA VERDE CDn1:R 4&6-0882 



" 

.. , 

ft • : 

14 ClASSIFIEDS 

\\\IH\tl\II\I"" 
TrawIIIIg abroed thIe ..",.,., Get • 

~"""""'iSI""''''to_ 
• _1,000 ................. C111338-

_1.~ 

UCSD PDlIol AucIIDn. Saturaay. Mey I. 
tl84. Blcycl ... calculate,., watches. 
jewelry, boob. IIId much mor.1 '-r. 
auction YIewtng • 8:30a.m. Auction Ita,.. 
1OS.m. Near CGmI( of Re;entI Ad. and 
Voigt Or. '1 .00. Refundable bIddIr depoeII 
required. Cash or check orlly. For mora 
Information pi .... call 834-7338. (4128-
5/5) 

ATTNMTlITIICAPleovIRCOH rDr. 
Winner: S50.00 I artwork pubillhed. 

IubmltId~dIaign. nohMdilg, 
wIII'I _. phone ...... wt..: Cape 
offlc.·0314. D •• dllnl: M.y 20th. 
a. " ••• ; ...... (~18-&'18) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCID .xcllu.l~w. 
recession.busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
~ Zone MIrMW .... 4SO-3324 
Buffalo ExchInge .... ..... 273-8227 
FaIrmaIr', ..................... 222.()22() 
UCSD UTI .. DRINKS 
8.1', Pizza .................... 455-()882 
DomIno·s ...................... 452-UCSO 
Harry's Cafe, La Jolla ..... 454-7381 
Java Hou .. CcIItI .... ..... 457.JAVA 
Just Been Counters ... .. 587·1228 
Koala', Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
PapliChII'Io'" W Colony ...... 5-46-7868 

UCIDAUTO 
Overaeu Auto ('*-l . 695-1980 
Robert's, MIllIon Bey ... .. 275-1132 
Tom's Mater MIch ..... 450-9494 
Costa Vlfde Car Wuh .587...a44 
UCID HAIR II BEAUTY 
Creative Cuts ............... 530-0590 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
We Care HaIr ............... 587-CUn 
UCSD HEALTH. FlTNUI 
Athlete CycIery ............. 2n-8255 
BeIng FII C1IIrwnDnt Sq ..... 483-11204 
Family PtannIng ........... 535-1379 
Hema car . .. .. ... ........ .... 682-5252 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ....... .. 558-3480 
Cotta Verde 0enIIatry .. 622·1007 
Europewt CycIery ........ 55(>.1355 
Stein ChIrcpractIc ...... .. 587·7000 
UClD OPTOMETRY 
CIMaIc8I Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. Selby, 0 .0 ......... .... . 571-1711 
UCSDIIUIIC 
MuaIc TrIIIIr, MIrWIW .... 883-t ... 

UCSD IllAVIL 
CouncIl Travel ......... .. ... 452~ 
UClDCOPIII 
CIII Copy, HolIday Ct . .. 452· ... 
KInko·'. W VIllage ........ 457 ~ 
Zebra Copy ............ .. .... 457·t007 

UCID ranNl 
~1II· .............. ... tOOO 
MCAT AIYW .............. 451 14 .. UCID_." 
La "* IINwIng Co . .... .... 8fIEW 
P. B. Brwhouae .......... 274-ALES 
UClDITC. 
91. GermaIn', ............... 45&-t4'. 
Bob DaYle CImIra ...... ... .... 73115 
Yellow IrIdI Aoad Arcede In UTe 

'I'M UCSD GuanIiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
8CUIA MGULATOM: ,.....,. Odn. 
_ UNcI " • . 00. IcuMpro MK10 
........... 'Ir"'OO.CaHI2I1De. 
IH-MI 
VLlIuparIDl ... vIdaD bII'II (tM) tor ..... 
......... IDIII tor '120.00 Dr 110.00 a 
_00 ~. Cal Pat. l1li-7280. 

~ ...... JuIt"""'aPenllwn-
-1M) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-worri incmnents. 11re raIe pet' 15 MarU is $1 for 
students (for pet'SOIIQl use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and U for others. Payment in 
advance is requited; theI~ ads must be mailed with a chedc (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DeodJines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Gwudian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not IimiIed to companionship ads. For moreinfomuztion 
caU534-5416.Mailingaddn!ss: UCSDGuardian,Attn: CIassijieds, 9500GilmtmDrive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'()316. Actual address: StudentCenler A, ~ floor. 

MourIIMI .. 'I4GT Al-T .... ~ 11-
liliiii, Great 8hripeI122O abo. 1IryM 1187-
IIQ42. (I,'MI8) 

1101 ~I\C 
CHEAP LMNG· eurnr-1yeMy 1I8OImo. 
2 ~ IIIIh • N. CIaIremont. ALL 
UTIUnES INCLUDEDI CIvta 272'-7511 
__ meeaage. (417. 

San Diego'. or1l~ g.~ aoccer tlllll I. 
pr~ .. aurnmar. Cell er.lg, 
112-0348. (III2.sne) 

t£Y YOUI Summar 1 ..... nIhipI III THE 
wa~ to d.Yllop practical .klll. .nd 
prof_lon.1 contecta. Tha Academic 
InIamahIp PIugram ofIarw ,,~ In 
LOTS 0 ' FIELDS r ...... to yolK OIFIIF 
.......... So IDr'gItthe.., .11'. bad tor your 
akin· MCI drag yolK LAZY BOO Into I..JIIr1iUa 
Bldg .• (RoOm 32S6) !Iv MAY 27. AlP hourw: 
' :3O-noon, 1-4 dilly. cIoIIdWid. 2-4:30. (51 
2-515) 

CrefII FlIrIllIInday and Fridley. May 5-1. 
ea.m ... p.m. Rev.... Plaza. CeramICI, 
JawaIrY, bid. 20 boothI wII'i """' mIidI by 
UCSD .mploy... .nd o"·campu. 
oc .... , ....... 1M) 

1-:\11'1,0' \IF\T 
PcatalJobIA ........ Many poaIIona. ar.t 
bInIIIta. CallI ~ ElIl. P-33I7. 
(4(11-1W) 

INTERNATlONALaPLOYMENTmekIup 
to S2000·S4000/mo tl.chl", be.le 
_.-.111 !r.gIiIIIIln JIpIn, TaIwwI, or 
S. Karla. No taJIcNng ~ or Aaian 
IInguagII raquIrad. For 1ntonMIIon .. (201) 
832-11. ax. J!I871. (312t-412) 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING Elm up to I2OOQ/ 
moonCtuiMShlplorlMd-Tour~. 
Summar and F~ time. I cpIoymantlYllllble. 
No exparI8I iCI naceuary. For InIoI'c'MIIon 
call 1-206-e34-04I8 ••. C5Q711. (:v.ze.6r.!) 

ALAIKA IUM ..... IMPLOYMENT· Earn 
up to ",000t In two monilia. Aoom IIId 
board! TrlllIpOftItIoI,l Mala or F ....... No 
exparIenca~. Cal (201)~155 
IX!. Al5871. (41405/25) 
DrIvers, cIefka and lIorai daIIgnen nllded 
for WIllI of rnoIIIar'. clay. P ..... CIIII22-
l18li9. (4/21-5/5) 

2PTpoaIIIgnIos-nb' •• 16, .. ctaanlllorw 
at S.D. Kaplan. RelIable IIIudInII. ..... 
experllllOI • pIuI. Flex. IiOur8 (_ + 
""'). Call .-m.f744. {4'21-!15} 

~ MIll at HomII1I!OO-I1000 WMIdyI 
FrII 1Il10. SASE to: P.O. Box 22788, San 
OlIgo CA 82182. (4125-6'23) 

Earn good money ulllelllllll. Cal NaIl • 
(118) m-7132 Dr ~ 1'fIIIIIIII. No 
tIIPIIiIIiCI""" (......., 
Qt.I I BnEYOu ... an ..... 17'1J" 
JAM liON RANCH CAMP IEEKI 
MATURE .TUDINTS TO WORK AS 
COIINIEI OM AT OUR RUInC, ...... 
1UfIIIICI1IfT. CtlLDMJrI ~ ItTHE 
10UTHIAN IIIAAAI, WE NIID 
POlmVI ROLI·MODILI TO 
PARTlC"ATI IN OUR 'AMILY 
COIIIIUNITYWHOHAVlATLlAlTONE T!ACHoI. I IIOLL, LI. ~'CK 
fIIIOINQ. LI'I GUARDING, MCHav, 
CRAI'TI, ....... ITC. CALL ..... 

~ 'OR .ROCHUAI AND 
APNCA1ION. (..,..." 
FrII _ IIIDInS In 8II:IWIgI tor'*" 11¥. 
old boy. CaIIrbad. 431~78. (o4(2f.IWI 

HllpW...., · ......... wortc · AM ANu 
AYIIIabIe. For Into 011 222-M03. (MI-6'II) 

SlayIng In .... OlIgo tortheSuinrMr? I can 
hoIMe 2 fImIII ItUdInIa In IIIChangI tor 
WIIIIInd bIbyaIttIng. I IIIICI a rllllbll 
blby6rflcmFridaydamoonthNMondIy 
IfIamoon • IhIr8 thetlml or trade off· you 
work It out! I IIIWi flu WIll bIIIaYId kIdI • 
3,7,8, IIId 12. (3.,. at camp rNIrY othar 
Monday, 2 rtay with decI on SaturdayI.) I 
hive. gr .. pooIlIId ape; a ptIvIII room tor 
twolo .... ; .... ~'-. W • .,. 
very doaIlo bus rout.a ... ahoppIng. FIll 
UN oIld1chen.laundIy, IddI oompuIar, IIId 
you can _ UN our"""" YOU GET A 
GREAT PlACE TO UVE, I GET GREAT 
BABYSITTERS· OK7lfyouand afrllnd.,. 
1ntIrI8tId, ..... ed JIll or Dave at 414-
!5IHI. (1Io'2-51S) 
wondng mom In Del Mar _ IIIIdIIIIIp 
willi 3 c:IIIIIhn June tl-2I, w.,II. 7:45-
8:15e.m.,4:()c)'7:3Op.m.and_1IUday 
nIghII. Own IrDIIIPDftaIIDI I and c:fIIIdI:era . 
ecpeI1erIOI""" 755-1172. (110'2-5121) 
Camp CouneeIors a HorDIbeck Aiding 

DAY~~CcNjoaSMFInWIdo 
VIIIIIyI. SImI, CamaIIIo a MaIbu ... MI. 
caring ......... eoun .. I.,. • .,.... 
..... k .tor ...... cwm.hcnlbaclcllllng. 

fIIIII~, craftI, IWImmIng, ~ 
I.adlng, rope. cour.. I mor.. Now 
ImarvIewIng 81 ... 112e3. (&'&.e,9) 
sur..ERMEANIHP8:IMII:.t*-olU.s. 
s..iDr 0IIrw. FIIInIeIIn. 1()'1~ 
~ For~ib,,"' .. 2314712. M 

I DON'T HAVE ACNE PROBLEMS 
ANYMOREI You can tool O".,....gIIII. 
_iliad. For ~ ,tI .. nJlllon, 011 .7· 
5101. (4(Iu.'Sj I. Honda e.--*r. very rIIIabII. 
HIIImII Inc:Iuded, very _ corNeal. S2OO. 
Todd-.at4l. (~ 

8Iga wl5 gamII.1 00; GuIIarII, 12 rIrIng 
,100 -=tI; 17' calor TV 150; FIll FuIDn w/ 
'"-S70; ~ (4I2Nt4I) 

Black Fendar SInd, StudIo Low NoIII 
PIcIcupI, care: 1Il00. c.... d .... 150. 
YAMAHAT~I5O. tIll4HondaAccanl: 
11700 DbD. 1873 FonI LTD BrougtIIm. 
R.bulld 1",lnl with SOK ml. Powlr 
~cg. ..... hIctc: MOO, 272-2728. 
--.(1112...., 
Saga. 5 garnea, 1100. GuIIara. I rIrIng, 12 
IIIIIng. '100 • . 17 In. ooIor TV 150. Full 
Futon. 170. 273-40114. (1It2-515) 

MIcroc:tcII .iSI 4150X33,' 32M-RAM, 42OM-
SCSI·HO, WIndowa. II ,515; ExtarnIII SCSI· 
HO-2OOM '185; FUll' 700cc 14k mille 
'1 ,875. L •• va m_ga 453·4723 or 
HANClUYENOICSE3. (110'2-6'12) 

For .... • AIItIna TIcket· TWA. roundIrIp tom 
LAX 10 JFK. can be UIed anyIImI""" 
.-andlll'2W4. 0nIy1ll7&. fO'-OIIGuy 
at 551-11038 (1IIYI mIIIIgD). (110'2-&'51 
BLACK I...., becIIpIICIc ,.., UNd, 
dia.-tng poudI • 3 amaII padIIIII, gold 
bucIdII. " .00. 13N3OI. (en. 

TALUWtSlIICE: 27-1nC111 ....... 12liliiii 
SchwInn WOItcI8port. U. .... ,t25 abo. 
Dlck27NaOt. (en"'" 

aNN YOUR aNN HOUE·UCSO BIaf'I and 
SludantDlBCOUNT8. Greattnanc:ing. Near 
UCSD. 1,211r1 '120,000',+ a 3br, 
'115O,000+.CondDItolulUy'-lINIng 
La Jolla, lInIY. CIty. MIra MIll, Del Mar. 
P8CIIc Beech. CI8Iramcnl NIId to SELL. 
_willi 11 YEARS EXPERIENCE can dol 
RE/MaII A., elr' " JudIh HIdcIoII. rlller. 
11 .. 275-2111. (~1-6'8) 

For Rlnt: Urilv.r.lt~ Clt~ Pla~mor 
Condo.: 4·bldroom 2 beth, ,1485; 3· 
bedroom, 2.5 beth, '1275. July 1. Quiet. 
454-1412. (4/21-5/31) 

2 MINUTU I'AOII UClDI 3 apKIouI 
badroDmI. 2 huge ~ at ~ 
town. .. 8\llllllblltor 1 y-.r ..... aIMIng 

~. 't~ Inc:IuIIng 2 bIIconIIa, 
pool and jacuZZI, IIId 2 car gIFIgI. PwIdng 
panni III ... ",. ~, walk to achooI. Muat 
_ to 111f11w114N'IM. (01.fi18) 

8urmw IUbIIt available e{11.f(tl . • t45O 
tor II'IIIre 1UI'nIIIIr, IndudllIAMII aoapt 
",*-, "" roonVbd'c. MnIIhId, many MWIIIII. doaIto UCSO. NcIft.IrnoIIIF. __ 
11531. (4I2IS-&'S) 

3 bIcIroorn IDWrlIIc UN. 1.5 1IIIh, .10lI0 per 
monII. AIIriIIIcbII ff'1 ().tr'S. ~ 535-
.... (4I2IS-&'S) 

a.-IIWilllIdIT___., 4br. 2ba., 
'1475. Avail. e{1 Cal ........ Dr 122· 
0171 . (<1121-&'111) 

3b1dc--. 1.5bd11ao. CemnoOlollta, 
U billie. .t 150 Eatarway with .... 
757-4211. (4125-6'2) . 

THREE FEMALE ROOMMATES wanted 
to ahar. University City lIoun beginning 
Jun. 1 It .• 275-1335 per mont" plu. 1/ 
4 utllltl ... Qulat, frlancll~ Invlronm.nt. 
Ca" Jill .t 558-583'. Own room 
aV.llabll. (4/25-112) 

!"OR, SAL!: Condo :wtxIr .• 1.5 baIII. New 
carpII8. AppIiMoII. BIcycle UCSO. STEAL 
'1111,000. CalII87-t22t. (~I) 

CcnIIIUng mall ..,.,.., 28, ampIoyICI. 
... klng qullt/r .. ponalbl. roommate 
aIIuIIon1llrl1lngJune1 . Nearorcmpul, apIOI 
tor my lazy ...... Lv. ~273-8027, 
Doug. (4I2M'II 

Torray Pinla Mortgage Banking oompany 
_k. rllpOnaibie loin trackers to worIi 
4p.m. to lJp.m. SundI~througll TIIurecII~. 
Job tocu. I. 10 rlCDlYa Inquiriel from the 
brIncII network to lIt-up IIId lock In new 
Ioana on "" malnfr.,.,.. Aaqulrlmentl: 
atrong communication 1kIII., 1 ()'key by 
touch. and typI", 40. WPM. FII out 
application It American R •• ld.ntl.1 
Morto-ol Corp. 11855 N. Torrey PlnII 
Rd., La Jolla, 82037. (4121-l1li) 

InaN:IDrI. ADI9*IgItDlyean.,1n SF BIiV MlCiiiloallll, -m'U ........ caIorvIdaDC*'d. 

3 tIr, U be. CONDO IIOR SAL! only . 
It18.ooo. Great UCSO. location· 8571 
EaaeIr 'N8y. Newly NfurbIIIIIcI, move In 
oondIIIon. Call Caryl to _ IH-4430 

Area. Mull! belYliWlll eI2b • 1121. '- elliPlll8lDn rIDII, v.ry ra 00I'/IPI*r • 011 
..... and rail. Call (110) 2I3-37I1II. (!IS) 481·.a, ~ 

(pager) or 4I5O-2tOO x3II. CIIMper than 
filii! (4128-&'1) 

Tbis su.mer ... 

.. 

tIr 

F ...... 
• II { 

something for your 

Elm up to 12 units oIlCIdIInlc Clldit 
.an 

AppIIatIII ..... 11.., 271 

A.I.P. 3255"""", -. 2l1li tiler 
... I •• " 1-4 IJIII IIIIJ 

cIIIIII ....... ,. 2-4:31 
1M 4. 

.-
.111"" 
.... 

FULL nME SUMMER, part-time IIC8demic year 
poIiIIons available In deYeIoprMnt of computer 
multimedia and vit1ual reality with ~ to 
ICIence educaIion, .. '"'I .. r8MM:h In chemical 
phyIica. starting this eummer. ApproxlrNDly $1onv. 
For 1tUdenIa, who wtI be at UCSO for at !Nat 3 
more yMrI, lind who are exnordlnari/y intelligent. 
creative, Innovative. hard wor1dng. and who have 
receIwd top ~. We win provide training for the 
right people. 
For more IntonNdIon on 1PPIYIng, ... cone.ct 
BonnIe BIehop __ III 534-2572; ~ .... III ChemIIIry 
0338. UC8O, 1500 GIIrIw1 DIM, La Jolla, CA 12C113; or 

~ ..... III .... kOucId.edu. 
c... ....... O".,....... ••• I.a · • ...at4. 

......... ' .... ,5.1994 

PCRMU:~~oondDe+"'" UTe ..... "*'" IIDC a Ie, ........ 
tU4.' __ ....... fIrougIIN ¥lew. pool. ~. Laundry. F_ .. 
_ . 1710 to 11.000 . .....,t. LON) ........... _ lace (WIo6'IIJ 
AEAlTV. (M"-' 
DeL 11M. AIIDmI tor IWIl BIg '-and 
,wd wit! laundry. aIIrm, quiet. .... bIach. 
No IIIICIIdng. .... .., to 1400. Cal TDIII 
.·707t.128-1m. (MI-8I18) 

Sublet tor 8urnrMr .... __ a_In 
WI ,110"'1 /l1li( UTe. Cal CeIhy 1S35-(MIO. 
(en-&'18) 

lWO a.OCKS TO BEACH In La JaIl. 
FumIIhId -.,.... .... own brdh MCI 
pool tor fImIIa(.) . J4Jrt Mel Augua S400 
pIuI"'" uIIIIIII. 464-7150. 011 anwtImI. 
t!fl-6'l) 

Aooo ,., .... naadId In 2111d1oDrn 1 brdh apt. 
In PacIIIc Beach 1325.00 !'lilt. 1325.00 
depoaIt. Cal27W451. (MI-s,'S) 

LooIdng Ivr non·amokl", frllIICII~ and 
,...,... famaII to ...... 2 bIcMIIdh at La 
ReglrlCla or almllar compl.. from 
appeal ...... ' June 1111h to 8urnrMr 1_. 

~ e&UCl57. (1Io'2-H) 

w.II to UCSO: Own room 1405 Dr ...... 
IIIIIl&r 125Or'par8on. AYIiIDIIII nowt Cal 
450-21182. ~.515) 

FII'IIIII ..-m'IIta wentad for rcomIIIIara, 
Near UTe. 0nIyS200 + 113 utIIItiIIl AvaIlable 
e{154t'15. 551-1005. (1Io'2-51tll) 

PIICitIc BIIch llludio available liar ~: 
MId-Juna.Sapt. 1. FumIIhId, great view. 
~. 270-1254. (110'2,515) 

'213 plu. 114 utiUti •• for f.m.l. to .har. 
I.rg. maeter In 2BR, 2BA .pt. 5 mlnut •• 
from campu • . Frlliaundryin 'pt. , g~m. 
2 pool • . jacuzzi, on bu.Un. to campu • . 
Avallabl. after Apr. 15. W. havi 2 Will 
behaved cat • . 452· 71811 SIIarl.n •. (5/ 
2-5/12) 

Own-. tl2l111hlnCIIM,quIat,lIJI(IIouI 3-bIdi_" LaJolll condo. Awl. ff'12 or 7/ 
t. WID. WF.IIOII-ImDket. Nllllto ... ..,. 
13DI5(mo. p1u1113,* a dIpoeIt.lI4&-81 T7. 
(W-&9) 

~ ImmedIataIy • own room In 
OcaIn IIIach hoIMe. 13!!OInD1Ih. DiIne 
222·7237. 1M) 

PASSPORT PIC1\JREBI OnIyI5.SII5. WhIle 
wou walt. x.ax. IIId mGr8. NMr St. 
0IrmaIna. "'4t48. (1012H12) 
VIoIInMDIa ..... You or yolK chIId(_) 
can learn tom .. experllllOId, pc' "I iii III 
tIadIar. Now IICCIPIIng ~ .. agee 
and ~ WIIcDmII AM IIbout __ 
...... Cal Conrad:~. ~) 

Word ~: AcadInic rnenuacrIpIa. 
...,.., U-, booka. 1aItara, IIppItc.tIona. 
ConftdantIaVAccurlltl/Fut 1IfYIcI. Mary 
AM 452-IN3II. ~4) 

WORD PROCEIIING: Of ... rlatlon., 
The_, Term P..,.,.; QUALITY 1Ic_ 
prInIar, FAXmodIm; ~r-.; 451 -
0130· Bath. WI1-51S) 

0nI-day word PI c c. " I III arwJ/Or editing. 
Ovar25,...axperlaclOl. PI , rlNIIIWIIIIr 
wItII _ 350 crIdIII. AIao oI9Ir tutoring. 
~,1IIIIaI II IOIwIIh __ wrIting 
projICtI. In c.te.d. __ 11141 . (~ 

Expan IypIng/Word Ploc .... "g. RIporta, 
SUMMERSUBL£TlOwnroomln~ the ... , d'-tatlon •• nIII1U8Cripta, Itc. 
n.ar campu • . Avall.bll July.Augu.t GrammaIIcaIadlllnglYllllable."-"bII. 
(IIaIdbII). S3OO. Amy 122·1 In. (!It'2-6'12) - Slllrcl\'743-1573. EIoondIdo. (4125-&'8) 

'I'M UCSD Guardiaa 

WHdI", PhotOfraplty. w. provld. 
PlD' r'I~"-",and"""",,, Dnwou ..... cIIr· L.,: "'80a4. (512. 
.... 

\\\\'ITI~ 
EAAN CMH OR MCME TICICET8 FOR 
Ae8EAACH PAAnCiPAnONf Engll"'. 
...... ~"*'naadldtorPllOIiludy 
In JI¥IIaIDIw. 8eIIianI taIoa 45 ....... 
HIIp IIIItnIIh grIIduMelChooll Call c.m.. 
-*'III. 527-()778. (&12-6'2) 

iEAANltGO.OO. ~-*dlora 8Iudy 
on 1IIcohoI' • ..,.. If you era a ",,*-, 
a.-, or ~. Amarlca .. .-n male, 
ed IlcIIppa R--m I,....,.. tor mGr8 
Intormalloli. 5&4-7240. W14-6'2) 

Aldl WIIIIed by dillbled profwIIonal 
-. MlWIF &noon; Sun 7-3. Own car. 

17.~. Pat 288-1745. (<1121-&'12) 

~ MIlIa, agaa30-55. neadId tor a 2· 
3hour .... ~IIIUCSOMC(tecreal). 
M/hr. Call 1143-2314. ~-a/31) 

TheNluillplWdlology"-ttl LIiburaeory 
• ChI!chn'. HoIpItaI neldllllllflVcIiIdrIn 
• 2to 4to particIpIlIln our _1IopmIntaI 

~. ProoIdurw Include FREE: brain 
imaging, mICIIcaI -mn&1Ion. laboratory 
t .. tlng. .nd p.ychologlc.1 t •• tlng . 
CompI!IIIIIoiI amounta to '100.00. Ca. 
57e-4038 tor daIaIIa. (!,'5) 

"EH~O\ \I.~ 
lJIa, I mat you and your friend Bllbara In 
RoIIrtb _ braIck. Had • ur-t time IIId I 
am lOFTY I mIIMd you at 0Iteya' • . I -.It to 
gat In 00III8cl Ted Murphy • 714-721·1161 . 
(417-6'2) 

URGENT! EARTHQUAKE COMING TO 
SAN DIEGO. PUT CAUClFlXES ON AlL 
YOUR DOORSI PRAY, PRAY. PAAYlII (41 
21-&'5) 

Happy CInco cia MIyoIII • The G. (515) 
Summlr Subl.t: Own bedroom. 
FURNISHED in 4 bedroom, 1.5 bIcth oondo. 
S3Ie{mo. Call Greg, 517-7016. (512.!t'28) 

Ona-da~ word proc .... III arwJ/Or 1diIIng. TmInuI24h0ur8unti1lD1111ofuaDlCPlrietICe 
Ovar25,...axperlaclOl. piot rll calWIIIar • Weara-InducacI hall. (515) 
with _ 350 aadlta. AIao oller tubing, 

OWN BEDROOM, FURNISHED In 4 
bedroom 1.5 bath. Avall.b .. June OR 
Sept8mber. Call Grag. 517·7086. (512-&'28) 

aIIquIng, ethIc:aI..-...nc.wIIII __ writIng We .. live In • yellow 1IIbmarinI. a yellow 
prujlCtl. In Car1lbld. 1166-1641 . (~) aubmarIne • • yellow aubmIrIna. (515) 

LOOKING TO SHARE APTI Flmal. 
gncduata atudent IooIdngIlarIPl W/awn room 
tolhar.wltllanotIIIrgraduatlltUdlnt.Start 
Aug. 15, 11184. Cal CIIriatine @ 753-l143li. 
lIIYlIIIIIIIIgI. (5/5-5112) 

'-~'rJ .( J' { ( !:. - e .. r1trtr $ ~'"~ 
Summar IUblltDYDilableJuna 13-fumW1ad 
room. own brdh, ...... oondo wit! OM girl, 
laundry, pool, _ UC80 and ......... 

/ /._ ) ~""""budt"'t4r 
Complete line of 5538 La Jolla Blvd. 
s;wimwear and 

COVE!l"~ps; for 5 5 I - I 0 0 4 
NcIrt-IrncIbr, famaII preIarrad 1400 abo + 
dIpoIIIt. Cal457..aes. (W-6't8) women of an ages; 1 o % discount &un.. __ 2 .... Ct3DOa.:h) and 1 
..... l'2tO par paraon) t.5ba1h,""" 
diyw, .... G , __ and buIfInI. 114 
.-y. Cal AIcIoy .122~. (IJf'Mo'2) 

Our Momentum 
is Unstoppable. 

Career Opportunities 
Hlsun Motor Corporation is se9AftJ rKfnl c~ JrMWItes to fill fntry· 
leftl positions IS Consumer Affaln sptclallsls. You WlII litftiop' • hlAh leftl 
of flptnlSf In h.rndli~ curtolllfr Inqulrifl whilt inteif.cllll with 
customers IS wtIl as our .• n.rI orpnlz.illon. Successful candld.rlfl will 
dlspLry enlhus~'m, profflSloruclllm and an Inlfrest in Rami", an ~s 
of the "ulomotl~ buAIIfIS. Thfl'f II polfntlal for rutu~ Clreer growrh Aftf!' 
you tuft achieved" hl&1l leftl of fIIptniSf In ,our 8m .ssipment. 
QualUic.tions Include: 

• dtp in MMketiDL Busillfls Adminlslr.uon. I.cJiistics 
SUtistlcs, or Liber.r Aru 

• minimum GPA of 3.0 . 
• elcellent ftfbal/wrltten commulUc.tion skills 
• prior customer SfrYice ex~rience a plus 
• iutom!lliYf bacqround • plus 

H J01E'rc lootiDI for • dYDlmic caYiroamcDt dlat pcvrIda die rreedom 
to ... I di8i:riacc, 1ft iBm JOII to IIIICI JIIIIF _ IDCI _~ to: 
N-.. Motar Carp.adao U.I..\ •• r.o, .. 191/N2D.IM·IJ4, Gdea, . 
CA 9OUI·0191. BOB M/P/D/V. 

PROTECT 
YOURSELF 

Insurance for: 
, Autos 
• Renters 
• Homeowners 
• Health 

fp·r' (L:;l!f'\ .Cr:r:qlf'fl!I.T ~,lrt't.., 
r;", II Studf"ll 0,'.( '" Ilt" 

Fa(rt~ In<;IJr,lnr , . .1'1,·r« \ 
13:)0 bl'c"tl'/I' Dr "/lii) 

(Ill "It; LJCSn oI(I.r' 

453-LIFE (5433) 

r--------., I Iq 01 •• ia Ir lup I 

!~~FHlfir: 1_.. II 
I....... I 
• I 

25% 
Off 

I 
I 
I 

MIIII I 
I 11 JllllCIIIq 777D .... RaId I 

SII. til In .. VorII ....... c.r I 
I ... l1 ........ T1IIII.." ............ I 
.. --------~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

You love her 

you don~t 

her good. Buy 

great stuff for 

cheap. She'll u .... 1A 

you're cool. 

.Mother's Day 
May 8th. ' 

10%1 
OFF! 
lOll liD : 
PuICWI I 

I 

great clothes, 
ridiculous prices 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
I I 

! )1)11~ll 1-
i , )'f)N i 
I I 

II il~ _ II 
I c:~ I~ 
I ~ L- I 
I - ~ I 
I THE GUARDIAN WILL PRINT A SUM- I 
: MER ISSUE TO BE DlSTRIBUl'ED ON. : 
I CAMPUS DURING THE 8 WEEKS OF I 
: SUMMER ClASSE$. DON'T BE LEFT I 
I OUTJ I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
••••• • •••• 

534-3466 



16 SPORTS 

Tired of cafeteria food? Don't hove time to 
cook? Need a study break? Call Pizza Hut! 

I CUIlOUT I 
i!!~~ 492·2222 'or ".11 •• " 
452·22 .. 
- 1'1IIHlif"d#Nlil -r - l'UMUHIM;lIelIlI 

: Two Medium: $3 OFF : 
I 2-Topping I any large I ! Plzzas·$999! $2 ~~~ .... ! 
I I w .... ~~ .................. I 

.... __ ..... ...... .... - ............ ..... I I ......... : ....... UOIOI __ I .......... : ..... ~ '-lUll 
.l =:*=:-a'fm ~~v;;1 I =; ... =:-... ~ ~ .. .-II 

............... vwn ·..." • .............. WI.J~ • ~---------~---------~ 

AUATIUZ SELF STOUGE 
has 

changed its -stripes 
to 
(~JlI .. II4'()11NIA 
SELI1 STOIU •• I~ 

We've changed our name but you'll still receive ... 
- The same great service ... 
- The same great staff ... 
- and the same great prices 

WE MOVE YOU FREEl 
CAUFOUU SELF STOUGI 5206 Eall«ate MaU 

(~1'1 .. 1 .. Ll52-i ()L17 
--------, I Medium Frozen I 

: Yogurt: 19SC I : ...... 1.10: 
I 9Iudont D roqui-ed. SeA -.. crly. Toppingo I 
I -.. Nat VIid willi IIOJ oIhor oIIw. One pol' I _ . e.pr. 5/31/94. 1----------1 
: Flurry: I I 
:$199 : 
I ...... 101 
I ........ D ~. Nul..-ld ..." ." _ o«r. I I One pr,..... e..- 5/31/94. I 

~--------~ 
:FREE: 
! Tapping! 
I ...... D~. Nul..-ld...".,,_ ... 1 
I Mdon ......... - """. en por..,--. I fIIfte 5131 11M. 

________ J 

The UCSD Cuanliaa 

RII •• lid R'lllllIo.l: 
- Send your entry on an 8 112" 

by"" sheel of paper along with 
your name, year in school, college 
you attend at UCSD, major and phone 
number to; Sports Editor, UCSO 
Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Oryou can 
drop it off in the Letters Box in the 
front of the Guardian office, located 
on the second floor of the Old Stu· 
dent Center. 

- The entry with the most cor· 
rect answers, as determined by 
iudges, will be declared the grand· 
prize winner and will be recognized 
when the quiz answers are printed 
the following week. In the event of a 
tie, a drawing will be held to deter· 
mine a winner. A maximum of 15 
correct entries not selected as the 
grand·prize winner will be consid· 
ered runners· up. 

- The grand·prize winner will 
receive a tree dinner for two at BJ's 
Chicago Pizzeria. Runners·up will re· 
ceive a fr .. pitcher ot Amstel Light 
Beer or soda at 8J's, located In La 
Jolla Village Square. A list of all win· 
ners will be posted at 8J's each week 
Ind winners need to show Identlfi· 
cation to claim prizes. 

- UCSO students, staff and fac· 
ulty are eligible to enter, except for 
Guardian staff members and employ· 
ees of BJ's Chicago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass·produced entries will be ac· 
cepted. Entries must be at the Guard· 
ian office by noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within 
two weeks of winner's posting, after 
which the prize is forfeited. 

Thunda,. Ma, 5. 1994 

o SPORTS G~~~~\O ijUIZ 
TblJ Week'. QuatIou: 

1. Who is the only Canadian on 
. major league bascball's Montreal 

Expos roster? 
2. What Division I c:oUegiatc base-
ball program boasts the winningest 
active manager of all time? 
3. What female tennis star rcc::cntly 
ended Steffi Grars 36·match win· 
ning streak? 
4. What Indy car·racing great re· 
cently lost his life as the second 
fatality in this year's San Marino 
Grand Prix in Italy? 
5. What television network will carry 
AFC regular·season contests in 
1994? 
'" What two San Diego Padres were 
recently arrested for soliciting a pros· 
titute on a New York road trip? 
7. What is the host country for the 
year 2000 summer Olympic 
games? 
8. What California hockey team 
stunned the nation by recently moVe 
ing on to the second round of the 
Stanley Cup playoffs? 
t. What former major league At· 
lanta Brave pitcher caught Hank: 
Aaron's historic 71Sth home run 
while sitting in the outfield dugout? 
10. What is the current national Di· 
vision III ranking of the UCSD 
men's baseball team? 

Last Week's ADswen: 
• 1. Who was the first quarterback 
picked in the 1994 NFL draft? 

Heath Shuler 
• 2. What University of Minnesota 
Golden Gopher was drafted by tbe 

NFL, NBA and major league base· 
ball? Dave WIDIeId 
.3. What current San Diego Padre 
All-Star right fielder was also drafted 
by the old San Diego Clippcrsofthe 
NBA? TOllY Gwyaa 
.4. Which hockey team recently 
swept the St. Louis Blues in the 
NHL Playoffs? Dalal Stan 
.5. Who won the 1994 NBAscor· 
ing title by scoring 71 points in his 
season finale? DaWlItobbI8oa 
.6. What major league baseball 
team was the first to adopt artificial 
turf? ' HoustoD AstroI 
• 7. What is the only major col-
lege football bowl that doesn't 
have a sponsor? The Role Bowl 
.& Who broke Bob Beamon's long· 
standing 1968 Olympic record in 
the long jump? Mike Powell 
• t. Who won the Olympic gold 
medal in women's tennis in 1992? 

Jemdfer Caprtatl 
.10. Who currently leads the UCSD 
women's water polo team in total 
scoring? JuBe Swd 

TIaIs Week'. WIDDel'l: 
.GnadPrbe 
Matt Ringer, Sr., Chem. Eng. 
.Jbumen.up 
Gcoffery Appuhn, Jr., Mccb. Eng. 
Louie Bravo, So., Struc. Eng. 
Michele Chang, Grad., Poli. Sci. 
Carlos Escobedo, Jr., W. Studies 
Steve Godwin, Sr., Biochem. 
Tim Kranz, Jr., Mcch. Eng. 
Jeff Parlson, Sr., Econ. 
Jeff Schnitz, Sr., USP 
Issac Sun, Sr., Cog. Sci . 
Greg lolotar, Sr., Sociology 

10 ROUNDS;~ DAY GAMES ;rigky, FULL -CONTACT ;::~ 
Are you big enough to handle the Guardian Sports Section? 

. Call us at 534-6582, if you dare! 

SUMMER 
INTERNS 
NEEDED 

Great opportunity for 
outrgoing, personable 
"nd FUN people who 

want to leam everything 
they can about RADIO! 

Your chance to work 
for a top AM & FM 

combination radio station 
in San Diego. 

Call 292·7600 ext. 
264 for details. 

1114-15 

S'UDEI' lITE .... ., 
aPPIITl.ITIII 

Fifth College Is seeking to fill 
the following positions; 

• Comm.11f St ..... , IIIIInI 
.SI ..... ActI,"I .. Int ... 
• •• III·nlllrall' ...... 

•• twerIIllllm 
For more information cd 
534-2237 or stop by the 

Afth College DIan's ornce 
UCtr412. AHIICItI_-

....~..,1'.1 ... 

... ~j,"UY'-A Restaurant 
EDloPWI Cuisine r-------, 

:2forl : 
I Buyoneemr.. 

atr4l9'llu 
Iprice.~ 
I theMCOlld 
I of equal or ~~ ..... nhIe 
InEEl 

I Oticbn· Lwnb ' BIIfI· ~ I 
L~·~!-~.!'.J 

11M ••• Restaurant 
Ope 12 _Ut·.30paldlllr..,. ..... 

EI CaJe- ..... 513-3 ••• 

All 
HAIRcurs 

: Men's 41bncn's Rtg. $15 
I includes shampoo, 
I cut Ii blow dry 

WaDI-_ welcOlU1 

: CREATIVE Curs : 
I HAIR & NAIL') I 
: CraIIR.,. ... ' 1* prbs : 
: 6780 ~ Rd. 1108 : 
I BdIInd CarPsJr. • MoP 1()'7, SII. 9-4 I 

l5.3Q:Q5!J!!J 

Tbunda,. May 5,1994 

LOSS: UCSD 
falls to Cal Baptist 
ContIRued ......... 11 
he WII caught trying to swipe third 
bile, prompting Head Coach Lyle 
Yates to take him oul of lhe game. 

Things got uglier in the top of the 
seventh. Jackson sent a fly ball to 
right field where Aman's replace-
ment, Alberto Mcndovil, misplayed 
lhe ball, resulting in a gift triple. 
Singer singled Jackson home to in· 
crease the lead to 7-2. Matt 

AL: Are Raiders 
on the move again? 
CoIItIntMd ".. ..... 11 
been jilted more times than Marla 
Maples, isn't exactly holding its 
breath. Dodger Stadium is also in 
the running. No word on where 
Irwindale, the onelime sitc of the 
future Raiders, fits into AI's plans. 

Davis is, of course, a lunatic. His 
football instincts have long since 
abandoned him. as anyone who's 
seen the coUection of has-bccns, 
never·wcres and are-you·kidding-
mea lhat have quarterbacked the 
Raiders since Jim Plunk« hung up 
his cleats knows. Mark Wilson, 
Vince Evans, Todd Marinovich and 
Jay Schroeder don 'I exactly scream 
out "Commitmenl to Excellence." 

When Jeff Hostettler is the best 
the Raiders can muster, you don't 
exactly have to be Mr. Football to 

Mussleman then hit a slow chopper 
up the middle, which somehow got 

• through a frustrated Triton infield. 
Saltsman hit an easy grounder to 
third which Sanchez booled. allow-
ing Muuleman to score. 

The painful affair ended with 
Cal Baptist (23-22) notching a 10-3 
victory, ending the Tritons' 12-game 
winning slreak and putting a blem-
ish on a perfecl home record (15-1). 

Yales said he fell that this type of 
loss was just what UCSD ·needed. "I 
think we've been taking thinp for 

figure out why Davis hasn't been 
clutching too many Super Bowl tro-
phies lately. 

Senility aside, Davis has always 
treated the fans who supported his 
team like mulch. He bolted Oakland 
when he saw dollar signs to the 
south, and he's used the threat of 
moving to wrill8 whatever he wanls 
out of the city of Los Angeles. If the 
critics involved with Davis' she-
nanigans had any sense, they'd drag 
him into I back alley and beat him 
over the head with a down marker 
until the bastard bled from the ears. 

But Davis is not alone in his 
chicanery--owner. arouAd. the 
c:ountry arc holding teams hostage 
and forcing cities and fans to pay the 
ransom. Across town the Los Ange-
les Rams Ire threatening to bolt for 
St. Louis or Baltimore, whichever 
city is foolish enough to have them. 
(Of course, the Rams' situation is 
different from most teams' ---thefans 

summer 
sesslonM 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Choose from two five-week:$essiQns: 
June 27-July 29 ~r.. .. " ,:>,; ... "~:':.'.:., 
August 1-Septerritier 2 .... :::;:~~<"'::~::q:::i:;t:'::::/ 

,,;-:-:.;. 

. :tH(;' 
<:':;:'" - :::~".':::::::::::,.. :.::;:::::; 

An exciting range ofcburses'trom.xirtu'~ ~ery 
campus department Will be ·bffeiid··th.is :$iJmmer;: 
Catalogs are available ·now. ·For 'Yo(J.f:ff.~ : !=OPYr";: :) 
drop by the SummefSijsSion OffkJi:'tJcso«":', 
Extension c?mplex,~Hnding .~.:~~·thr~ 
Friday, 8 a.ni~:~o P~+n'1 0i ·~::S344364. 

'" . .,. •... "::.;.:. . 

The UCSD Cuardiu 

granted. What happened today was a 
positive, beausc it broughl us bide 
down to Earth," he said. "Our feeling 
of invincibility at home has vanished, 
which is toouradvantagc, because we 
now know thai any one on any given 
day can beat us here. 

Even more disappointing for 
UCSD was that lhe poor effort fol-
lowed a tremendous 9·5 victory the 
day before at Biola, where a seven· 
run explosion in the top of the eighth 
inning assured UCSD a dramatic 
c:ome-from·behind win. 

actually want the team to go.) 
In the NBA, tbe Minncsota 

Timbcrwolvesarceyeing Nashville, 
San Diego, Las V cgu and possibly 
every other major North American 
city with the exception of Irwindale. 
The Winnipeg Jets and Edmonton 
Oilers arc hoping to leave their small 
towns in Caaacla for more lucrative 
martets in the United States. And 
every basebalileam in the National 
League has, at IiOme point, agreed to 
move to St. Petcrsbcrg. 

The era of loyalty in sports is 
over. Players change teams more 
often than Hillary Clinton changes 
hairstyles. Owners move franchises 
without any regard for fan support. 
The AI Davises. Tom Wernen and 
Petcr Pock.Iingtonsoftheworid have 
taken a bunch of kids' pmes and 
defecated all over them. 

It won't be long before the farB 
justSlOpcaring. Irwindale can only be 
kiclted around for so long. after all. 

INDOOR ROCK 

LARGEST 
ROCK 

CLIMBING 

MONDAY IS 
I UCSD NIGHTI

' 

............ 
... 

SPORTS 17 

r---NEW 'PATIENT SPECIAL!------, 
Costa 'Verde rnentistry 
~ :$4500 

EXAM, 

/ \~~:!, 
~ COSMETIC" FAMILY DENTISTRV "ORALSURGERV 

• . We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices arc unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
£ Straighten teeth without braces 
£ Special introductory offer-$lSO teeth whitening (per arch) 
£ 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
£ Plenty of free parking! 

CAllUS FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
....... 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We occepl mosI inlUrance plans and most major credit cords 

• I'IIScII'noNs IIWD 
• GIAs1is IUUCAIID 
• COIoIPInI m DAMS 

• No ~ NKISSM\' Sf HAllA ,,,AHOt 

••• 
Considering the ~is 
due tomonmv, arm' ~u 
glad we're qlffi an night? 

You WIlt to mate ue your ~ kds its best when yoo 
rum it in. And siJx:e you'll JIUbabIy be W<ding 00 it IIltil 

the miIIIle it' 5 due, it's a good thing we nevtr tm1 in. 

La Jolla 
8844i57~i'rj;) 

Pacific Beach 
I u. GImet A venue 
"13-1151 

-


