
ILSIWHI •• 

NOI MInIst.1IIot 
AtUC ..... 
RIVERSIDE - Nation of 
bIam (NOI) minister Kahlid 
Muhammad was &hot twice 
Sunday during a speech given at 
UC Riverside. Muhammad was 
answering questions from the 
audience when he was shot once 
in the left leg and his right leg 
was grazed by a second bullet. 
Police apprehended a suspect 
who was beaten by the crowd 
and is believed to be a former 
NOI minister. Muhammad was 
taken to a local hospital and is 
reported in stable condition. He 
spoke earlier this week in Los 
Angeles without incident. 

Ienate Supports 
Comm ... 1ty Col .... 
SACRAMENTO - The 
California State Senate 
passed a bill lmit week that 
would provide financial 
incentives fur studerds admitted 
to the University of California to 
attend a community college their 
'first two years of pail-secondary 
education. The bill, SB1672, 
authored by Gary K. Hart 
(D-Santa Barbara) passed 31-
1 and has been referred to the 
Assembly. 

Day Denounces 
Domestic Pa bIWshIp -
SAN DIEGO - SDSU 
President Thomas B. Day stirred 
controversy following his 
submission of a memo and two 
newspaper commentaries to the 
university senate, which 
outlined his disapproval of a 
resolution on domestic partner-
ships at the school. The 
resolution allows for equal 
employment benefits for 
domestic partners of SDSU 
employees. The commentaries, 
printed by independent 
publishers denounced domestic 
partnerships and argued that a 
traditional family is necessary 
for the weU4Jeing of society. 
Day said that he did not support 
the resolution because the 
issue should not be addressed 
by the Senate. 

INSIDI 

RECAP 
OPINION: The 
GIItI1'diIIn takes time out 
fur the year<nd review 4 

SPOIITS: Baseball 
falls to Wesleyan (CT), 
5-1, in World Series 20 

INDEX 

UClDIIIm ............................ 2 
CALVIN a.-. .................... 2 
LICm a SIlINS ..................... . 
CI'INION .................................. . 
aAMIf .............................. I. 
SPOI'n ................................... . 

H I u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1994 VOLUME 82, ISSUE 19 

Faculty Diminished By VERIP 
RETIREMENT: 
Program will save the uc 
money, but will cost 
experienced faculty 
By C8nd1ce McF8IIMCI 
St'" Writer 

puses, is to help cover $341 mil-
lion in state-funding cuts by retir-
ing long-standing faculty. Vacan-
cies from retirements remain 
empty or are fi lied with less-expe-
rienced faculty. Excluding current 
faculty retirements, the UC sys-
tem has saved $155 million in state 
funds by using the three previous 
VERIP programs. 

UCSD include Vice Chancellor 
for Academic Affairs Marjorie 
Caserio, Fifth College Provost 
James Lyon and Warren College 
Provost David Wong. easerio and 
Wong will remain with UCSD 
through teaching and research af-
fit iations. 

dent spokesman Mike Alva. 
"There is no question [that] the 
university would prefer not to lose 
some of its top faculty, but it gives 
the university a chance to hire up-
and-coming faculty and also in-
crease the rate of ethnic diversity 
in the faculty." 

UCSD will lose 79 faculty 
members on July 1, as a result of 
the UniversityofCaJifomia's Vol-
untary Early Retirement Incentives 
Program (VERIP) this year. 

This year, 941 UCfaculty mem-
bers will retire through the VERIP 
program - approximately one of 
every three eligible professors. 

Many departing faculty mem-
bers will be replaced with less-
experienced professors that can-
not demand as high salaries. 

Berkeley Physics Professor 
Emeritus Charles Schwartz, acritic 
of the UC system, questioned the 
effects of VERIP on the UC sys-
tem. "We caused a great exodusof 
some very important senior fac-The intent of the program, 

implemented at all nine UC cam- Faculty members leaving 

"Faced with budget cuts, there 
are some very difficult choices to 
be made," said Office of the Presi- See VERIP, Page 7 

RIMONSTEROUS 

David Cho/ GuMt/an 
..... fie...- ...... 01 Chuck GonnIIr .... out the 1nII ..... 01 RIMAe. (_1tIory .... 18) 

A.S. Judicial Board Delays 
Presidential Hearing Until Summer 
POSTPONED: Third member 
steps down, delays continue 
By Alex ...... ThIeMn 
(»News Editor 

The ABlcilled SIudenIs' Judicial &.dde-
cidcd laIl wa to poatpone the paidentiaI 
hcwina Kim v. TaM uld after the end of 
Sprin, Quarter. 

Adina Judicial &.d O!air lMry Hilman 
__ • conIinuInce for the hearin& since it 
could not becon!pleted prior to the required time 
IinUL TbeCJriajnal hearina hilled after abe baird 
I0Il qIIOIWIL 1be he8rina " tenIIIiwIy ached-
ulecl for June 13, U a new cIIIe WM _nable to 
be III befonI 1iMI', week. AI''''''''', ..... Kennedy, .... M* 0Ja. JucIc:iII ao.d I ...... ve, aa.d 
............... iaaMayrl ..... ,ciIiIta 

.CDI6:I~ ........ 1C8IIIIIdy ill ... diId mean-

beroftheJudiciaI Board to remove himself from 
the presidential hearing because of a conflict of 
interest. Previously, David Sitlani and Judicial 
Board 0Wr Rick Moncho also stepped down. 

Kennedy wrote that since he isa roommate of 
a· witneM, his objectivity to the case may be 

~ '1I)tthe driatofguaranteeing a timely 
hearing •.• Iamherebywluntarilysteppingdown 
M Muir CoIIeF npraentative to the ASUCSD 
JlKIciaI Board fur the case Kim v. Tesale," 
Kennedy wrote. 

Kim filed seven dwges of election bylaw 
vioIaIioDI tpinIt Teak concerning fliers pro-
cbled and diIIribuIed by abe Union of JewiIh 
SIudenIa which the Tesak claimed Mc:ampman 
........ AalonIina to Lytle, the fliers lWed 
Teak's appaI_ Poncho 0ueY.a. Lytle aIIo 
cu .. _ .... TIIIk cid not iadude the fliers in 
......... budp .... the lien anained a 
lIIiwIIiIy P.JdIiIIioa .... 1UIIber, acb a vio-
IIIIoaI of eIec:don bjIaM. 

Visual Arts 
Departlllent 
Receives Gift 
Of $300,000 
DISASSEMBLED: Russell 
Foundation donates assets to 
university and San Diego's 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
By Max M. Seltzer 
Staff Writer 

Last WedneSday, Russell Foundation Presi-
dent and Muir Provost Patrick Ledden announced 
that the recently dissolved foundation was do-
nating over $300,000 to the UCSD Visual Arts 
(VA) Department. 

The gift will be used by the department to 
fund annual graduate and undergraduate student 
projects and studies. 

The Russell Foundation was established in 
1980 by Elizabeth W. Russell, a well-known 
resident of La Jolla who was heavily involved 
with the local art community. Her goal in creat-
ing the Russell Fund, which later became the 
Russell Foundation, was to support the arts 
through avenues of art acquisition, encourage-
ment of young artists through grants and the 
funding of artists' residencies. She also wanted 
to promote a strong relationship between the 
university and Museum of Contemporary Art in 
La Jolla. 

Ledden said that because of low interest rates 
and high operati ng costs, the fou ndation 's board 
of trustees felt it would be more sensible to 
divide its assets among individual recipients 
rather than maintain the foundation in its current 
form. 

"[T]he fixed costs of running the foundation 
began to cut seriously into what Betty Russell 
wanted us to do," Ledden said. "It was the right 
thing to do at the right time. Betty was an upbeat 
person, and there is no doom and gloom about 
[dissolving the foundation]. 

"I'm proud of the way we've been able to 
carry out her wishes, " Led<Jen added. 

In addition to the Visual Arts Department, the 
MUlleum of Contemporary Art, San Diego 
(MCASD) will receivean equal amount of money 
from the foundation to acquire new pieces of 
art. 

A remainin, $100,000 will be placed in a 
separate reserve fund to pay for an annual 

See DONATION, Pace 3 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardia T ..... " ., SI, 1994 

UCSD Staff Member 
Running for Senate 

ETCETERA. • • 
CANDIDATE: Assistant teacher Don Lake runs on 
platform of educational and legal reform 

CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

By MIX M. Seltz. 
Staff Writer 

With the state senatorial elec-
tions coming in November, the 
only candidate from UCSDisstaff 
member Don L.alte, who has been 
an assistant teacher at the east cam-
pus Early Childhood Education 

UC hiring practices which Lake 
alleges have affected him directly, 
L.alte said, "the newspapers and 
media are not too investigatory of 
the UC system." 

Additionally, Lake cited issues 
such as UC President Jack 
Peltason's appointment of Regent 

Center since 1982. 
Lake, a longtime 

protester of UC and 
CSU education poli-
cies, is running as a 
Peace and Freedom 
Party candidate for 
the 76th state sena-
torial seat, which 
will be vacated by 
retiring Democrat 
Mike Gotch. Lake's 
main opponents in 
the race are Demo-
crat Susan Davis and 
three Republican 
candidates, who 
Lake believes are 
running on platforms 
of educational 
privatization. 

MTherel. an 
'old-boy' 
network which I 
really want to 
have broken 
down, and I 
would like to 
Investigate 
those In 
office. " 

Lester Lee and 
the recent sale of 
UCSD's Graph-
ics and Repro-
duction Services 
to a private com-
pany as "corrup-
tion from the 
highest level." 

"I want to in-
vestigate possi-
bly corrupt 
county and city 
governments, and 
the UC system, all 
from the state ' 

leve~ " Lake said. 
Lake also 

pointed to a re-
cent case of 
sexual harass-
ment at the 
UCSD Medical 
School as a rea-
son for his inter-
est in scrutinizing 
the UC system. BRIEFLY ... 

1 GH 1\£ mlll4G 
Kli -.s I«) ~r 

~ 1\)lll"i 
QlJE.S1\ON . 

" 

Lake says his 
main interest in run-
ning is to implement 
educational and po-
litical reform, and al-
though he is seeking 
a state-level seat, he 
says that his-primary 
Concerns lie with San 
Diego County legis-
lators and office-

-OonUke 
UCSD Staff Member, 

California State Senate 

Lake alleges that 
the school's dean 
ignored the advice 
of an oversight 
committee that 

R~ents Will Attend Campus Forum 
holders. 

According to bike, his plat-
form consists of two points and 
one main project - to investigate 
practices of local legislators, 
change higher education policies 
and reform an election law concern-
ing ballot and write-in candidates. 

Inspired by the Dump Ed Miller 
Group, of which heisa member, Lake 
says he is concerned with the past 
performance ofthe San Diego County 
District Attorney who dealt with the 
DaleAkiki child molestation case and 
other controversial issues. 

Lake said that he believes Miller's 
office has a tight workingrelationship 
with that of California State Attorney 
General Ed Lundgren, which he said 
prevents deep investigation into the 
operations of Miller's office. 

"There is an 'old-boy' network 
which I really want to have broken 
down, and I would like to investigate 
those in office," he said. Lake said he 
feels state-level politicians need to 
encourage investigation into lower-
level county offices. 

Lake describes the second is-
sue of his platform as a desire to 
address the "moral corruption of 
the UC(system]." Concerned with 

Candidate 
recommended the dismissal of the 
head surgeon folIowing the alleged 
sexuaJ hai&'RIM of a femaIe!lllFJlL 

Lake also plans to use the elec-
tion for a "project" taken on by the 
Peace and Freedom Party. Lake said 
that he and his party believe the 
law concerning write-in candidates 
is inappropriate, and are atlempci~kl 
<mile a legal case to overturn the law. 

According to Lake, state law al-
lows only one ballot candidate for 
each party. Even if another party 
candidate receives more write-in 
votes than the ballot candidate in 
the primaries, the ballot candidate 
wins that party's nomination. Lake 
said he thinks the distinction be-
tween write-in candidates and bal-
lot candidates should be irrel-
evant and that whoever receives 
the most votes deserves the party's 
nomination. 

To help overturn the law, Lake 
requests that people vote for another 
member of the Peace and Fre.:dom 
Party in the primary elections. 

''Oon'tvoteforrne. Make a write-
in vote for C.T. Webber," Lake said. 
Lake and his party hope that he ac-
~ Ics!I \drS than WeHler, dUI ~ 

~Ihem kl.the i&leklcourt. 

lIIILCSDa..rn .... IlDndlrlIIId ............. ,..IIrIlldIDr ........ 
IILCSD ........ II ......... In .......... In_orln ........ !lllll'llllan1l 
.., ..... l ........ _lIIIc.aDOiIMMIII .. ,...... .... _111 
_-,orM. n. ... ..-In,...IIId .... ~or_dD 
"" ___ ............ II "" IQID 0iIMMI. .. ...... 111 CIIiIINI. ... 

Several UC regents and administrators will particI-
pate In a forum on hither education in the Price Center 
Ballroom today from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. 

The 11-person forum consists of regents Roy T. 
Brophy, Claire Burgener and Darby Morrlsroe will be In 
attendance. as well as gubematorial candidate Ron K. 
Unz. Califomla Secretary of State Gwen Moore, UCSD 
Associate Chancellor Tracy Strong, UCOP Joyce Justus, 
University of Callfomia Student Association (UCSA) 
President Don Harjo Daves, UCSA Executive Director 
Glen Magpantay, UCSD ~cademic Senate 'Chair 
Stephen Cox and History Professor SteYen Hartl. VIce 
Chancellor of Academic Affairs Joseph Watson wli moder-
ate the fonm. 

Panelists will introduce themselves by describing 
their role In higher education and Identifying what they 
believe to be the key issue In higher education. 
Students will then have the opportunity to pose ques-
tions to the panel. 

The forum. sponsored by the ASUCSD. is free and 
open to the public. For more information corrtact 
Naomi Fal.k in the A.S. offices at 534-4450. 

Stephen Birch Aquarlu .... 
Museum Hosts Grunion Runs 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum will host two 
late-night excursions to obserw the annual grunion 
spawning at the La Jolla Shores beaches Saturday, 
June 11 from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. and Saturday, June 25, 
from 11:15 p.m. to 1:15 a.m. 

Grunion are small, silver fish that are left stranded 
on beaches following high tides. While on the beach, 
female grunion bury themselves In the sand to lay 
eggs, while males wrap themselves around the f. 
males to fertilize the eggs. The fish then retum to the 
sea. _ 

A lecture and film will precede the beach walk. The 
cost of the Aquarium-Museum grunlo~n Is $8 for 

ELAINE CAMUIO, AssocIate NfIwS Etlltor 
DAVID CHO, PtIofo Editor 

IRIAN K. HUTTO, ~ Editor 
DAN KRAFT, AuoctIte Sports Editor 

DAN ~, eo.News Editor 
MARCUS LOI8IA, Des.lln Editor 

IEFF NlDEL, HiIItus Editor 
ALDANDIR 1IIIIIIII, eo.News EdltOl 

JUDy WlEDERHOM, AsIocI.e NfIwS EdltOl 
YAilOV ZOLOTOMV, Associate Photo Editor 

............. ""LCSD~IIMIdId...,IIr ....... _ .... IIIT_ .. 
__ ... 1100II-" .... ITAfP ..... ~ C/IenI. F\'IIICIIcO DlV,.... lien Freund. Jenny 

GII~ JoIInIon • .lome P ......... "-" ......... oe.td Snow. c ... 1IWtI. 

adults and $4 for children. Advance reservations are 
required. For further Information. contact the Stephen 
Birch Aquariu!n-Museum at 534-7523. 

'avis ~ .. ' Granted To 
Local • ....,art .. and foundation 

Two UCSD supporters and a local foundation will 
receive the honor of ·Clvis Universitatis' from the UC 
San Diego Foundation during a June 3 dinner at 
UnIYersIlyHouse. the home of Chancellor Rich«dAtkilson. 

Theodore E. Glldred, a leader in the development of 
U.S.-Mexlcan and latin-American studies at UCSD, 
Maurice C. Kaplan, who is involved In a range of 
university programs and the Wel~art foundation, 
which provides grants that support UCSD programs 
will each be Inducted as ·citizens· of the university. 

The title, ·Clvls Universitatis· was a medieval term 
to signify that recipients, having made signifICant 
contributions to the·teachlng guild,· deserw to be 
considered members of that guild. 

Campus Wind En_nlble to 
Perform In Mandev.e Auditorium 

The UCSD Wind Ensemble will perform on friday, 
June 3, at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville ~udltorium, 
featuring The Red Pony. Overture to ·Csndlde" and 
selections from West Side Staty. The ensemble will 
Include contrabass Bertram Turetzky, director Robert 
Zelikman and bass baritone Philip Larson. 

Turetzky, a professor of music at UCSD, Is the 
most frequently recorded contrabass soloist In 
America. Zellkman has performed at the San 
Diego Chamber Orchestra. Larson performs with 
UCSD's new music group SONOR in Europe and with 
the duo THE. 

Admission to the concert Is free. For more Inform. 
tIon or concert cha~es call 534-5404. 

ERIC ICH.DT, Editor in CfI.f 
JAIOIII RITCHIE, Production ......,.,. 
DOUI ALDANDIIt, Opilllon Editor 
IHANNOII -1lII0I. Copy Editor 
RENIIllUCMEIt, Gtat1Nc. Editor 

_w.TIB: EIiftAnclnon. Dtbra IlnlnlceIn. IvIn ~ ... JoIInGoclfrwy. 
DIn "1IIla. DIn. Hum. ~IIN JICCIIII. Eric JoIInIon. 0 ... La. RaII~. 
candice McF8I1_. EIIl...." MacMnzIe. Jnmey _end. MInI! MDoItIIy. 
","".,.,NiCoII. '''_"Il10''''111_. JeffI'Nulnt. Ely,,**". Rilu s-.. M8IY 
.." .... _. StlphMIe SImon. DIn !IooMney. KeNft WIiIn 

EdIIorIeI: 5~. IIuIIMM OffIce: 536-,... Fa: 536-7881 
UCSD QUIIIfII." 1100 Gil ..... Drive 0318, 

La Jolla, CA 92013-0318 
I&WITRATOM: MICftI CIOIt. NII/I." £'lin. 00mInIc LAIiIIIII. AA ~ .lIMn .... '-lion: ..... PIIIor. UCID __ CInIIr IIuIIIrC .". 

Tuewy, Ma,. 31, 1994 

DONATION: 
Money to pay for 
new lectureship 
ContInued from .... 1 
Russell Foundation Lectureship. 
According to Ledden, the major-
ity of the donation came from the 
sale of Russell's residence follow-
ing her death. 

Ledden said that the Russell Lec-
tureship will be hosted jointly by 
the museum and the university, with 
lecturers chosen annually by acom-
mittee consisting of members from 
both the UCSD VA Department 
and MCASD. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
who was present at the announce-
ment, said, "I knew Betty [Russell] 
quite well. I think she would have 
been pleased... about the lecture 
series which ensures the continu-
ing collaboration between the uni-
versity and the museum." 

According to ~useum director 
Hugh Davies, the donation will in-
crease a funding used to acquire 
new art from approximlltely 
$40,000 to $80,000 per year. "In 
the spirit of Betty, being a fairly 
adventurous woman, we would like 
10 look for younger, emerging art-
ists to encourage," Davies said. 

RusseU, who occasionally took 
art classes at UCSD and was a 
close acquaintance of John Stewart, 
also served as a trustee for the 
La Jolla Museum of Contempo-
rary Art (since renamed the 
Museum of Contemporary Art, 
San Diego). -

Since its formation, the Russell 
Foundation has contributed to many 
graduate and undergraduate stu-

See DONATION, Page 7 

The UCSD Guardian 

LIGHTS & SmENS 
Lights & Sirans is a selection of entries compiled from the log book 

of the UCSD Police Department. 

.........."MI,21 
1:30 I.m.: OffIcers arrested two ~year~1d male non-affiliates for 
burglary to vehicles at Lot 103. Transported to County Jail. 
8:0. e.m.: A 46-year-old mele non-affiliate was transported to detox 
from Lot 305 for public drunkeness. 
3:37 p.m.: Officers arrested a 21-year-old male student for petty theft 
at Central Library. Cited and released. 
9:40 p.m.: A student complaining of severe abdominal cramps at the 
Mesa Apartments was transported to Thornton hospital by paramedics. 
Sunde,., Me, 22 
7:331.m.: Officers arrested a 28-year-old male non-affiliate for rape at 
the Mesa Apartments. Transported to County Jail. 
7:00 p.m.: A student reported being battered at the Price Center. 
Monell,., Me, 23 
1:45 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a bike rim and wheel from the 
bike racks by the Medical Teaching Facility and Basic Science Building. 
Loss: $120. 
4:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a computer and stereo at 
Matthews Apartments. Loss $1.700. 
5:00 p.m.: OffICers arrested a 4&year~1d male non-affiliate at the 
glider port for possession of a switchblade. 
8:23 p.m.: A male student suffered from a head Injury after failing from 
a bicycle near Central Library. Transported to Scripps by paramedics. 
TutId8J, Mer 24 
.:30 "Ill.: A lab manager reported the theft of money and keys from 
Robinson Hall. Loss: $1,161. 
......... ',...,21 
10:44 I.m.: A student reported the theft of cash from Torrey Pines 
Center North. Loss: $80. 
S:3I p.m.: Officers arrested a 33-year-old male student for misuse of 
a handicapped placard at Lot 602. 
4:51 p.m.: OffIcers filed a report concemlng a 24-year~ld male student 
who overdosed on LSD at the Muir Reid. Transported to Scripps. 
Thurld8y, .,., 28 
9:3Ie.m.: A student reported the burglary of an alcove In Hubbs Hall. 
Loss: $1,000. 
2:10 p.m.: The Price Center Manager of Operations reported the theft 
of a stereo from the Price Center. Loss: $2,650. 
FrkIIy, M8y 27 
2:00 I.m.: Officers arrested two male students, aged 18 and 19, for 
vandalism of a blc)'cle, being minors In possession of alcohol, and 
possession of false Identification near the Cognitive Science building. 
Cited and released. 
2:37 I.m.: OffIcers transported an 18-year~1d male student to detox for 
public drunkeness and possession of false identifICation. 

-Compiled by Erik Johnson 

TOTAL TEST PREP 
Applications 
'90 29,000 
'91 33,000 
'92 37,000 
'93 43,000 
'94 52,000+7 

No. of SpacII 
'90 17,000 
'91 17,000 
'92 17,000 
'93 17,000 
'94 17,000 

YOU WANT TO GET THROUGH THESE DOORS 

THE COMPETITION HAS NEYER IEEN TOUGHER 

WE ARE COMMITTED TO HELPING YOU GET THERE 

We are the first MCAT prep company to provide a complete 
suite of pre-med admissions services (C.h.e.s.s.™ Seminars 
in Pre-Planning, Applications, Secondaries, and the inter-
view) free to all Hyperlearning students. 
We are the first MCAT prep company to publically commit to 
admissions tracking for all our students. After your test 
scores, this is the statistic that really counts . . 
Our expert instructors will guide you through the most 
meetings, hours, and most in-class testing available for the 
MCAT. Optimal pacing and motivation, in addition to our 
thorough review materials give you maximum gain. 

w. Set the standard. 

A 
rwa.. 

<I'll> 455-1000 
.JIIIU.. ..t V.. ... 
~ ~ ",~~~ .J~E9.J -~ ~~~ ~I-I 

.J U _rnTlME1JJ6EfmOSAJflfl'f'HETIZl." ~ 

NEWS 3 

Now ENROllING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR TIm 

Serving the UCSD pre-medlclll community alnce1985 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M.D.'S-OF-TIlE-FUWRE * 
'INTENSIYE MCAT preparation'" medical school applicationl 

admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD-trained 
academic M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. caudidates, &. English Department 
Ph.D. faCUlty. 

• ORIGINAIO& not simulator, of intensive MeAT prep in San Diego. 
• 10 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction &. rul MCAT 

testing, problem solving, readinglwriting workshops, review groups, 
med school application '" admissions strategies, '" tutoring . 

, 2QOQ PAGES of original take-home review notes, reading &. writing 
sbldyguides, MCAT '" admissions slrategy handouts, problem sets, &. 
MCA T -quality timed pnctice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TE.mNG for in-class '" take-home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACf with young UCSD docs '" mee! students. 
• 1VJl)RING. pre-med library '" med school application help included. 
• ON CAMPUS at the UCSD School of Medicine 
• WWEB TIlIDON than other courses. 

It' • ..., ..... came in Ina ..... 'tIlIMltJ 
and .take the next avail.bIe stylist 

-4 '11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg. $21 ·$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service. it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm; T-VV-T 9-8pm 

"' HAIR ) SKIN 
NAILS 

._ •• ~: ::':1: 
.......... .....-

-~--.. ---. ......... _--
......... --... I 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (nelf Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVClIVIEN 



" OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tueaday, May 31,1994 

PINION 
J 

Outspoken YEAR IN REVIEW: Every year we pray for rain, every 
year we're blessed with a dry spell. While the promises of 

UCSD~ optimists haven't been completely empty, many of the 
Usual problems at this university remain. UC fees continue to 
skyrocket. A.S. politics continue to be marred by petty conflict. 
And most disturbing, race relations continue to spiral down-
ward, dividing our campus even further. It hasn't been one of 

UCSD~ better years, but perhaps 1994-95 will be different. 

1M ANYsnJDEI'ITS,cmNOlliESEEM-
ingly endless stream of trivial 
bylaw changes and constitu-

tional tug-<>f-wars, claim the A.S. has 
not accomplished anything in the re-
eent pas!. ... The new administration 
headed by Carla Tesak has begun 
repairingthedamage." - Ben Lavine, 
"Bringing Good Thing:; To Life," 
Sept. 21, 1993. 

"The danger is not, as onp- Repub-
lican leglslatorsuggested, that national 
hcalthlc.ue will combine the compas-
sion of the KG B with the efficiency of 
the post office, but rather that it might 
combine the compassion of the post 
office withtheefficiencyoflhe KGB." 
- Ely Rabani, "Health Care - a 
Means of Coercion?" Oct. 4, 1993. 

" He plays honestly and doesn 't 
have any nastiness in him. He's just a 
big honey bear." - UCSD Men 's 
Soccer Head Coach Derek Annstrong 
on6 '3" 22S-lb.Chris Romey, Oct. 11 , 
1993. 

"As every 12-year-<>ld boy who 
has ever stayed up all night watching 
Ihe scrambled feed of the Playboy 
Channel will tell you,slicking a warn-
ing label on a TV program is one way 
to ensure that every youngster in 
America will want to watch it."-
Philip Michaels on TV regulation, 
"Tune In, Tum On, Eat Lead," Oct. 
11,1993. 

"One of my colleagues 
once described UCSD as 
'a wretched hiveof scum 
andvillainy.' Reflect-
ing on my four-
and-a-half years 
here, I have to 
disagree. The 
campus is, at 
best, only a 
hive of scum 
and villainy, 
hardly wretched 
in the sense that Berke-
ley, Santa Cruz or Riv-
ersideexude wretched-
ness." Ben 
Boychuk, "Farewell 
UCSD: A Retro-
spect on Campus 
Ufe," Nov. 4, 1993. 

"A sign on the 
door of the 
Women's Resource 
Center reads, 'We 
are the ONLY UC 
school without I 
FUNDED Women's 

Center' .... Well, I've got news for you, 
ladies. They don't fund a men's re-
source center, either, and yet some-
how, I'm managing to survive. What 
the hell is so damned horrible about 
being a woman that you need your 
own paid staff member?" - Letter 
from Ed Wagner, Nov. 29, 1993. 

"Quit foaming at the mouth and sit 
down, Ed, weneedtotalk .... The thing 
that'sso horrible about beinga woman, 
to be honest, is that we have to put up 
with idiots like you. Here's a little 
news flash for you, Ed: Women and 
men are not on equal footing in this 
society." - LetterfromJaniceBailey, 
Jan 3. 1994. 

"With such short statues and sub-
standard builds, would you expect 
Asian-American males to be athletic? 
Besides karate and kung fu, forget it. ... 
But Asian-American men are good for 
some things. Take a computer science 
or pre-med class. Why, if you 
can 't get help from an Asian-
American man when it comes 
to these subjects, where can 
you go?" -Ivy Lee, "A 
Little 'Mail, '" the article 
which prompted campuscen-
sors to trash 2,000 copies of 
the Nov.-Dec. 1993 is-

sue of Momentum. 

"If they're going to put [out] a 
stack of free papers, we're going to do 
with them what we want." - David 
Lee, justifying his theft of Momen-
tum, Nov. 11, 1993. 

"Let the punishment fit the crime. 
For my part, I believe the perpetrators 

at the very least deserve a smack on 
the hands -with a sledgehammer." 
- Ben Boychuk, "Watch What You 
Say," Nov. 15,1994. 

"The Family Values package 
makes for some damned good pqli-
tics. It plays off our prejudices. It 
simplifies things Ind places the onus 
not on the failings of society ... but on 
the moral and cultural failings of indi-

viduals and groups." - Doug 
Alexander on the need for welfare 
reform, "TheCultureofCruelty," Jan. 
3,1994. 

"'!be majority of the people who 
show up to the constitutional conven-
tion meetings are council members. 
And as a recent meeting illustrates, 
convention members love the bureau-
cratic culture: they are reportedly as-

signing themselves numbers to aid 
in roll call." - Siamak Malek, 
"The Tyranny of Bureaucracy," 

Jan. 13, 1994. 

"I mpeachThe Racist A.S. Bureau-
crats. Once again 'our' student gov-
ernment has turned its back on those 
they' represent. ,,, - Anonymous fli-
ers posted on campus following an 

A.S. rejection to transferS250 from 
printing to mail services for VOl 
Fronleriza, Jan. 18,1994. 

"We' re against the flier, not be-
cause of what it says, but because of 
what it represents, which is paternal-

ism and opportunism .... We would 
like the opportunity to speak for our 
own goddamn selves." - Harry 

,- Barra, editor in chief of Voz 
~ Fronteriza,Jan. 18, 1994. 

II~-:.. 
, ~1/I1 

W//,- ~/" ... 
~'" .,',-,,<. ~--
• ~ Crofl!Guaiol", --

"Such lyrics have not gone 
unnoticed by people, particu-
larly concerned citizens in the 
African-American commu-
nity. Rap artists are increas-
ingly being asked to elaborate 

.:: on exactly what they mean 
, by "trick-ass bitch." -

David Snow, "Language of 
Violence," Jan. 18, 1994. 

"When you look at edu-
cation as a commodity, the 

rules of economics apply. 
As we raise fees, we force 

- people out of the market." -
Regent Ward Connerly on regent 
decision for fee increases, Jan. 24, 
1994. 

"AIDS groups have pushed the 
horrifIC image of 'one wrong 
fuck IDd you're finished' on 

the public. But ICICOrding to 
[UCScrkeley researcher Pe-
ter] Duesberg's hypothesis, 
this just isn't so. HIV, in 

collaboration with druS1 and 
other immune system destroy-

ers, an kill you. Alone, it won't. 
One indilcrimilllle fuck, well-
spKed drug use, these won't kill 

you. Suicidal debauchery, the 
See REVIEW, P8l8 6 

Tue.day, May 31, 1994 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Despite UCSD's quirks and irritants, I will always look back on my four years here with fondness 

PAR'llNG THOUGHTS ONUCSD 
By D.vld Snow 
Senior Staff Writer 

The hour is now upon me when I 
must bid UCSD sweet aLiieu. I sup-
pose that years from now, when I'm 
pining for my lost youth, I'll open my 
old rusty trunk in the attic, push asid.e 
my coonskin coat and Triton pom-
pons, and lovingly touch my UCSD 
diploma. I 'II remember the good times 
I had on this campus. I'll remember all 
those thinS1 that made UCSD unique 
and enjoyable. And among those 
wonderful memories I will no doubt 
find the following: 
11Ie Food Co-op 

Without this venerable little insti-
tution smack-dab in the middle of 
campus, UCSD would be a hostile 
wasteland in which hungry students 
could find no relief. As an ignorant 
freshman slinking through the Old 
Student Center,l would pass the Food 
Co-op and mutter with contempt, 
"Why, they're all bunch of weed-
munching, Dead-head, sandal-clad 
communists." But as the years went 
by, I began to develop a taste for the 
delicious avocado sandwiches, the 
smoothies, the spring rolls and 
samosas. And at such good prices, 
too. If all cooperatives were run as 
well all the Food Co-op, I'm sure the 
Soviet Union would have won the 
Cold War. 
PItoe c.nt..1Iovt. 

One dollar for a movie? Get outta_ 
here. This is a service that the Old 
Student Center could never provide, 
and one that makes me feel the privi-
lege of studenthood. But the low price 
is only part of the attraction. UCSD 
holds few events that foster a feeling 

of camaraderie among students. But 
watching a movie with a rowdy, unin-
hibited college crowd, is a real bond-
ing experience and one of the more 
fun things you can do for a dollar. I'm 
talking about watching The Little 
Mermaid and hearing all the guys cat-
call when Ariel comes out in her sea-
shell bikini. Can't do that at Mann 
theaters. CentnI....., 

UCSD doesn't have stately Ro-
manesque buildings named Windsor 
Hall, and we probably never will. 
Since we don't have architecture that 
makes us look like a traditional col-
lege campus, we might as well have 
structures that are totally wacked-<>ut 
and audacious. The Central Library 
stands as a beacon of hope that univer-
sity planners do not intend to make the 
entire campus look like the Revele 
dorms. And it's a good place to study 
and do research, I'm told. Every time 
I've gone to the reference desk to ask 
for help, a staff member has actually 
helped me. This is amazing, consider-
ing it's a public institution. 
.tudent~ 

I tend to flip through every free 
publication I come across and am 
consistently educated, entertained and 
amused by the plethora of student 
'zincs laying around campus. From 
the retarded, preadolescent sexual 
humor of the Koala, to the fiery, nutty 
prose of the New Indicator, to the 
insurgentSpangiishof VozFronteriza, 
I always have something to read dur-
ing lunch. I hope university policy 
continues to encourage any group, no 
matter how small, to put out its own 
publication, and let the rest of us have 

RepIII'I 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

MlUubl.... Isuzu Acura Oa 
Excellent references from our sst/stled customers! 

At UCSD, we have 
courses like 
M1heortesof 
Hegemonic Control 
In Media ... 
Language Power 
Structures." At 
SDSU they have 
M Journalism. " 
a small window into its interests, lan-
guage and humor. 
W ...... , ...... 

Despite all the Greek -bashing from 
various UCSD publications and sun-
dry organizations that claim fraterni-
ties and sororities are inherently con-
formist, racist and sexist (and a few 
more -ists to boot), one fact is clear: 
the Greeks don't have much of a pres-
ence at UCSD, and therefore are no 
cause for concern. It would truly be 
depressingtoattendaschoollikeUSC, 
where you had to join a fraternity or a 
sorority to have any kind of social life 
or personal identity. At UCSD, Greeks 
can do their thing and not be noticed, 
and the rest of the population can lead 

Minor Tune Up Special $24 ~reg. S55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tuns up includes a lot more· than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor poinls 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check clutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 9. Check lights 12. Road test 

and oillevets 

35-point Major Service Special $84 * 
Extra for fuel-injected. Our major tuns up includ8s: (reg. $150) 

1. COiilPi'.an .... 
2. -.....- 11 . illmina 20. Lube front end 28. Check and recIIarge 
........ 12. dwelrangle 21 . Check & replenish all baIIIrIes, If-.sIY 
3. __ gIIIIII 13. CIIIbunIIDr fluid & oiIleveIa 211. RoIaIe \ires (W rwecIad) 

""...,.. 14. air & lull rallo 22. Check elecIrIcallyal8m 30. Check tile prllSllUre 
4 ..... pIugt, miXIunI 23. Chedt lor loose & loll 31 . IJ.tle door hinges 
II. DIIdIuIar 111**. 15. as IIIIering box bolla 32. Check .. hoIdefs 
e. CGIIdIMn. 18. ~ 24. Chedt bIakea 33. Check cooling ilyStem & 
7. At .... 17. bI'IkeI 25. Check ckJlCh hoNe 
1.01.... 18. -veneY bnIIuII 211. Check IighIa 34. ~ exhaust system 
t . GIl .. , IIId 19. Ch8ck I adjUst expoeed 27. Chedt undercarriage 35. RoIId test 
10. IngIne 01 belts lor dImages 
_: tor kyInIIr eM IIId aa. loyall ...... 1IId 130. ~.aooex .... 8 "'"" plugl,1dd~. 

Complete $164* Clutch Job Brake Job $39* Special (reg. sao) 
1. __ ............ _) 

fulfilling lives without ever uttering a 
single Hellenic motto. 
1IMorr Ow.- PnIctIctIIIty 

UCSD is notorious (at least in the 
Social Sciences) for teaching students 
how to think about things, but never 
really focusing on the things them-
selves. For instance, a political science 
student here can learn 12differentways 
to analyze the Cuban Missile Crisis 
without ever learning when it occurred. 
At UCSD, we have courses like "Theo-
ries of Hegemonic Control in Media 
and Language Power Structures." At 
SDSU they have "Journalism." At 
UCSD we have "European Expansion 
and the Co-optation of Native Weav-
ing Industries." SDSU has "Basket 
Making." You get the idea. 

Some would complain and say that 
we are not learning any real skills to 
take to the job market. I have had this 
suspicion many times. But in the long 
run, I think that critical thinking is an 
invaluable skill that can only be learned 
in an environment like UCSD. Any 
monkey can learn practical skills on 
the job or in professional school, but 
the way we use these skills is deter-
mined by the intelligence with which 
we approach problems. I'm grateful 
for the intellectual foundation I have 
acquired. 
the FIICUItJ 

Sure, it's hard to meet with them, 
and some of them can't teach worth a 
damn, but it's exciting to learn about 
Quasars from the person who discov-
ered Quasars, or about Mexican poli-
tics from a professor who has inter-
viewed hundreds of Mexican politi-
cians. The professors here are on the 
cutting edge of their fields, which 

provides an environment that a small 
liberal arts collegecan'tcompele with. 
... .,.. 

When I first arrived at UCSD, I 
was told that San Diego was not only 
America's Lamest City, but you had 
to drive 20 minutes to get to it. I 
believed this for a couple more years, 
but now I can say without grinning 
that I think San Diego is cool. Gaslamp, 
Hillcrest, North County, Balboa Park, 
I love it all. Part of it, I guess, comes 
from having a car and knowing my 
way around, which leads a person to 
feel more a part of the community 
than he or she would cooped up in a 
dorm all day. I think San Diego is a 
large enough metropolis to offer ev-
erything as far as culture and music is 
concerned, yet is still a very pleasant 
city with amazing weather. And as 
time goes by, it will continue to lose 
its reputation as a stodgy city of mili-
tary employees and transplanted mid-
Westerners. 
1M Cliffs 

Serene. Beautiful. Accessible. The 
one negative thing I have to say is that 
the Regents should have bought all 
that property along La lolla Farms 
Road and turned it intoabig, beautiful 
student ghetto on the coast. Sure it 
wouldn 't have made economic sense, 
but nothing they decide makes sense 
anyway. 

There are, of course, many more 
good aspects of UCSD, but space 
does not permit their mention. There 
are still a whole bundle of things here 
that need work, but the aspects men- . 
tioned above warrant at least a few 
student riots if they ever threaten to 
change or disappear. 

ZIAS 
UBS 

DOMINO'S DEUVERS FREE 
CALL Usl 4S2-UCSD 

Just minutes from campus, llil HOUDAY COURT 
t ...... . 
I . MIl ... 4._ ...... 

FronI Of "'" "* /Db 1ndudII: 1. _ .... _ .... __ 1. __ - ..... 
. .... -(11-) .. Hours: II am-I am Sun.-Thurl~ II am-2 am Fri. & Sat. OPEN FOA LUNCHI 

5 .......... 
............ 
7 . ...... 

---
............ 

... _--

--

-- --

t.o.-. __ _ 
I . ............ ~ .... 4. ___ -

7.1\0IlII00 ___ (11 
_ .... ) 
1II .. .. 

·Tlming Belt Special $99* 
.,.'" IIW PlrtI. AlII 1.11 o.spICII" on 'ntlllli. All our .ort hli I 2-,lIr or 

zt ....... lI ... n.IttIll .. lTlnIy. All prlcllinciud. Pia IRIIIIlbar. 

"iI 8008 Miramar Rd. 
--695-1990 

~ 
I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
I 2· TOPPING PIZZAS I I· TOPPING PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I &A:S= $1~991 
I JUST ASK SPECIAL pllllru I . DlETCOKEftllQIONLY U pllllru I I CAll uSt ~1 I CAll US! ~1 III 
: !~~~..'! : !2~E ... _ : .. : 
• - .e.no..-. I • ..,_ ... f>IIiho-. - • 

~---------.---------- .. ~-,_. __ ........ o.._-r __ I2O.00. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardiaa 

SPEAKOUT: "Femiaui Dye. Bitcb. WhiDer. Qy Baby. I've been called p!1ICIicaIly fN-
Continued from pac. 4 ery name in the book. ADd why? I» 
rock 'n' roll hipster lifestyle - or cause I elm to call mylelf a feminist .... 
whatever you want to call it - just Somewhere in the day post-Gloria 
might" - Daniel J. Hurst on altema- ~inem, lhe meaning of the term femi-
tive AIDS theory, "AIDS: What Re- niSI has become misunderstood." 
aUy Causes It?," Jan. 31, 1994. Heather Hno Phillips, "Demystifying 

Feminism," March 10, 1994. 
"A ' no' vote [on the 'Three 

Strikes and You're Out' anti-crime "Tipper had it easy. Thesongwhich 
bills] this election year was as close pushed Mrs. Gore over the edge, in-
to political suicide as you could get spiring her to launch the PMRC [par-
- something like handing yourop- ents' Music RtsOurce Center] was 

"Aerosmlth'. 'Uvln' ponent 3 photo of you taking a bong Prince 's mildly-erotic 'Darling 
hil while naked in a holtubwith your Nickie.' Surely, Tipper Gore wishes on the Edge' I. one 
secretary." - Cisco Devries, she could retreat to the days when the 
"'Three Strikes' Strikes Out," Feb. corrupti ng effect of Prince 'ssexy lyric of the ,ear'. worst 
10, 1994. and Madonna's pelvic thrust were her SOngs. I SUppo .. 

number-one sources of anxiety."-
that proml"n. act. "We have an obligation to listen to Doug Alexander, "The War on Cul-

the people. If we as regents are work- ture," March 28, 1994. like Smashing 
ing in UC education, we have to take Pumpkins will finally time to look at tne product we're "The get-tough-on-crime hysteria 
sell ing. " - UC Regent Ward' seems to have overcome nearly every win awards when 
Connerly, Feb. 17, 1994. politician in state government. Five the, become old and different 'Three Strikes and You're 

"A newly-minted Conservative Out' bills were passed by the Assem- untalented like 
member of parliament.. . Stephen bly in one day - mob behavior if Aerosmlth. " 
Milligan was found dead in his Lon- there ever was such a thing. Some-

-DnW .... don apartment under what police de- thing like dyslexic lemmings lunging 
scribed as 'suspicious circumstances. ' off the nearest available cliff." - Ely 1.3 goals a game. Brooke Shields 
Milligan was discovered on a table Rabani, "Three Aailing Strikes, We're scores more than thal" - Ted<! Ladd, 
wearing nothing but ladies' stockings Hysterical," March 28,1994. "The Truth About Scxx;er," April 4, 
and a garter belt, with a plastic bag on 1994. 
his head and an electrical cord wrapped "[I want to give] retirement b<>-
around his neck."-Andrew Reynolds nuses to ninetopexccutives, butworry "Football is a game to detest. ... 
on scandals of the British Conserva- about an explosive reaction when the Basically, they find the biggest, mean-
tive party, "Sex, Lies and Parliament," public learns about the plan." - UC est kids they can and order them to kill 
Feb. 24, 1994. PresidentJack Peltason quoted from a the other team. These are the same 

leakedtapeofavide!H:onferencewith guys who stole your lunch money in 
"[We want] an official acknowl- chancellors, March 31,1994. grade school and forced you to stick 

edgment from the administration that your head in the toilet." - Eric 
we have a constitutional right to be "The United States' rejection of Schmidt, "It's Only a Game, Kids," 
constituted IS a legal entity .. .. " - Hiatian refugees is a moral outrage. It April 14, 1994. 
Patrick Carroll-Burke, forrnerGradu- is reminiscent of when the United 
ate Student Association president, on States turned back the ship st. Louis "It seernsourfavoritecancer-stick 
GSA autonomy, Feb. 28, 1994. in the 193Os, sending Jewish refugees corporations are plugging Freud's fa-

back to face Hitler's gas chambers." vorite phalli with nicotine, turpentine, 
"Aerosmilh's'Livin'ontheEdge' 

- Rob Levinson, "Haiti: Time For acetone,shcllack and freon ... - Daniel 
is one of the year's worst songs. I Action," March 31, 1994. J. Hurst, "agarettes, Freon and .Joe 
suppose that promising acts like Camel," April 11,1994. 
Smashing Pumpkins will finally win "A Muir freshman.. . stumbled 
awards when they become old and across an untouched stack of Cali/or- "It is the greatest hope we have of 
untalented like Aerosmith." - David Ilia Review papers in the Price Center rescuing California from its formi-
Snow on the Grammies, "Honoring and inadvertently read a bit 'How dable problems and of giving our 
Mediocrity," March 7,1994. was I supposed to know?,' asked the young people the btst chance they 

trembling young man. COb God, why win ever have to build a bright future 
"Because of inadequate staff and me? Why me?'" - K. Dan Rauss, for themselves. "-UCPrcsidentJack 

the lack of quality mntrol at San Di- reporting in the Disregarditm, April Peltason, after eliminating full-paid 
ego, I can no longer recommend to 1,1994. executive leaves for chancellors and 
graduate students that they seek de- senior administrators, April 11,1994. 
grees in Japanese-related subjects "Simply put, [soccer] is boring. ... 
here." - Chalmers Johnson, retiring At the last World Cup champion- "I don't think [Poncho Guevara] is 
professor of political science, on lR/ ships, the wiMing team won by an very interested in anything but the 
PS, March 10, 1994. astonishing output of something like cross-cultural center." - A.S. Presi-

PREPARE NOW. 
277-6744 

KAPLAN 

dentiaI Jncumbent Carla Teuk, Ifter 
losing 10 Guevara in finlt election, 
April 11, 1994. 

"Once apin Tesak and her cabinet 
have delivered a message we have heard 
too many times: that racism and other 
relevant issues are not their problem-
that they are best dealt with by groups 
like SAAC. And once again, the stu-
dents are without the support they need 
and deserve."-GayeJohnson, "Jnthe 
Face of Hate," April 14, 1994. 

"I wiU never know what [Kurt] 
Cobain was thinking when he pulled 
the trigger on the shotgun he used to 
kill himself, but every time I hear a 
Nirvana song and every time I hear a 
song about trying to find meaning in 
an indifferent world, I will remember 
that alienation is not just a buzzword 
used by the entertainment industry to 
sell records." - Jeff Niese~ "Kurt 
Cobain: 1967-1994," April 14,1994. 

"The vandalism of the Che Cafe 
must be viewed by the students of 
UCSD as a sign of increased racism 
on this campus. The AS. Council 
strongly denounces this and aU other 
forms of racism." - Letter from As-
sociated ~nts Council, after an-
gry students filled AS. meeting and 
denounced the council's silence on 
Ole defacement, April 18, 1994. 

"It is unfortunate that it takes such 
sbocking fNents [vandalism of 01e 
Caf6 mural] to stir any emotion and 
awareness on this campus. Even after 
these atrocious events, the GuardUm, 
exemplifying the apathy on this cam-
pus, did not report it for an entire 
week." - Letter from AS. President 
Carla Tesak, April 18, 1994. 

"It becomes anti-America, no-
good pot-heads versus meat-eating, 
God-fearing citizens of the U.S.A. ... 
It's silly and becIcwards to put mari-
juanasmokersanddealersinjailwhen 
those jails are overflowing with 
Americans already. Pot is relatively 
harmless. ... and there are many ceo-
nomic, medical and environmental 
benefits derived from the hemp plant 
Legalize it!" - GUIlrdilm Editorial 
Board. April 21, 1994. 

"I just want to make clear that we 
do have the legitimacy to do this [re-
allocation of$700 from Momentum '5 
sprill8 quarter budget]. There are 10 
years of precedence for reallocation 
of funds." - A.S. Media Commis-

NOTE: 
This year's 

MCATis 
August 20 

DE AMIWIIR 10 1111 TDT QUIISDJN 
... _--------

Tuelday, "'y31, 1994 

Iioner M-na Park, April, 21,1994. 

"Like most politicians, [AS. Me-
dia Commissioner Bik-na Park] his 
played fast and loose with the facts 
and rules to maintain her power .... It is 
clearly evident that Park has a beef 
with Momentum." -I..dter from 
Joanna Tashiro,MomenIUmeditorand 
chief, and Brian Hasegawa, April 28, 
1994. 

"The Jews need sympathy so they 
bomb their own synagogues." -
Nation of Islam Minister Rahin 
Muhammad at AASU-sponsored fo-
rum, April 22, 1994. 

"The NOI [Nation of Islam] was 
here to promote black empowerment 
andthat'swhatthey did. It's not about 
tearing the communities apart [more] 
than they already are." - African-
American Student Union President 
Anthereca Edmerson, April 25, 1994. 

"Survey results indicatethatCatho-
licstu~ntsarethemostlikelytoscam 
and casually date, followed by Protes-
tants and Jews. Those students who 
identified themselves as atheists were 
the least likely to participate in any 
typeofdatingac;tivity." - Meilta Loe, 
"Dateless and Desperate," April 25, 
1994. 

"It's JIOt over. "-Poncho Guevara 
after losing second A.s. presidential 
election to Carla Tesakby a landslide, 
May 5,1994. 

"I have long ago given up on ex-
pecting fNen a shred of journalistic 
integrity from the GIJIlI'dUm, and 1 am 
tired of writing letters to wrrect its 
mistakflS. But I feel I have to write just , 
one more because the campus de-
serves better than the biased misrep-
rcsentalions and outright lies it is sub-
jected to every Monday and ThUB-
day," - L.etter from Elliot Kamin, 
May 16,1994. 

"Once they [Koala staffers] had 
given up on the game [74th Annual 
Guardian-Koala Battle for Softball 
Supremacy] and theirsodas and started 
drinking like real men, there was a lot 
lesscomplainingas wesunkourcleats 
into the sun-bloated flesh of their rot-
tingcorpaesand rounded the bases for 
the ziIlionth time." - Greg Wrenn, 
"This Koala is RoadkiII," May 25, 
1994. 

Tuetday, May 31,1994 

VERIP: Plan 
makes retirement 
more rewarding 
ContInued .......... 1 

The UCSD Guardian 

VERIP 
All '*" UC awnpuaes have implemented VERIP to help COYer the $341 million 
In ... f\a'Idq cuts. Faculty and staff members who I8tIte IJ1der VERP .. 
either M!)IeCed IJt IesHxpeIIet ICIc:IIndMduaIS 01 not repaced at all. 

79 SO) 
ulty," he said. "However, it will be 
an opportunity for the UC system to 
diversify its faculty and it will re-
main to be seen if that will happen." 

According to Caserio, "retire-
ment income is substantially richer 
[with VERlP] thin without VERIP. 
Many faculty [members] found they 
would have to work at least eight 

~re years to receive the same pen-
sion level. It's a financial incentive 
for both the individual and the state." 

So far, 1,996 faculty and 7,795 staff 
members have retired tlYou&h VERIP 
procrams In the University of 
california system. 

Staff 

Reactions from other faculty 
members were mixed. Biology Pro-
fessor Don Helinski, who will stay 
at UCSD next year after accepting 
VERIP, said that the University of 
California has lost many irreplace-
able faculty members. 

"It's a bad deal on the part of the 
university. I think the monies saved 
are not going to make up for the loss 
of a large number of my colleagues 
at the university," Helinski said. 

Professor of Chemistry Robert 
Fahey said that his plllll haven't 
changed since accepting VERIP. He 
said he intends to take a leave of 
absence to Germany next year and 
hopes to remain engaged with 
UCSD. 

"From my standpoint, [VERIP] 
is attractive because I fall into the 
group it was designed for - it also 

This year, VERIP will account 
for the 1088 of 79 UCSD 
faculty and staff members, 
compared to 941 UCwlde. 

saves the university money," Fahey 
said. 

Biochemistry Professor Russell 
Doolittle will Rmain u a researcher, 
teaching on a voluntary bois, after 
receiving VERIP this year. He said 
VERlP will give him "the 0pportu-
nity for more time fur imeIIeduaI pur-
suits." 

Doolittle added that while VERIP 
will help attract young, "intellectu-
ally-vigorous"faculty, UCfinances 
are the wrona reason to pursue the 
program. "The university would be 
smart to PUI [faculty on VERlP] to 
use effectively, nol necessarily in 
teaching, but they should not let 
them just hide in the lab: he said. 

Ac:mrdingtoAlva, VERIPwasa 

necessary measure in the wake of 
systemwide budget cuts. "Budget 
cuts hurt. We didn' t wlnt to raise 
fees to the extent we had to. We've 
had layoffs. We've had faculty 
retire. Employees [are] taking 
salary cuts. The facuIty are teach-
ing more and are taking on addi-
tional responsibility for the [in-
creasing] number of students they 
teach," he said. 

Alva added that this year's 
VERlP program will be the lut. 
Thus far, 1,996 faculty and 7,79S 
staff members have retired through 
VERJP programs throughout the UC 
system. 

-&Itior Staff Writer Eric 
Schmillt cOIIIT.ibukd to dais !tory. 

DONATION: 
Russell partly 
funded Stuart Art 
Continued ..... PIC. 3 

WRITERS" MEETING 

dent grants at UCSD, and has also 
funded some works in the Stuart 
Art Collection, such as Jenny 
Holzer ' s "Green Table" (1992), 
and partially funded Alexis 
Smith's "Snake Path" (1992). 
In addition, the foundation pro-
vided money to establish the 
Betty Russell Studio in the new 
Visual Arts facility at UCSD. 

Tu .... ay,5pm 
at the GuardIan 

Live to Write 
Write to Live 

. '· .. ~D· STUDENTS 
"ures AND FACULTY 

Avoid fulure wisdom lee'" problems ... 
Hove your teeth evoluated HOWl. 

If )IOU require extractions, we can provide them 
sofe/y and efficiently in a state of the art facility 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

La Jolla Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery 
459-0862 

Ronald Hedr.r, D.D.S., Craig 8. 0.-, D.D.S., Inc. 
Diplomalas An.ican Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 

S D 
VIS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIIII 'ICKEIS 
COSTUMES • 60'" n., &.MORE • RJN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

~WAIAN • MllTARY • tux SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
'AIIMAIIS 

AI79 NEWPOIT AVE., 0CfAN lEACH . 
.... ___ ...,.~, un • 1It-n:D. ___ __' 

1000 Ibs or less? 
We're the small 
load speCIalists! 

NEWS 7 

THURSDAY NIGHTS 
ARE BACK AT 

ITALIAN 
RESTAURANT 

COLLEGE Nrrn SPECIALS 
12" PIZZAS starting at $600 
14" $800 PIZZAS starting at 

60-oz. PITCHER..,~ 
Domestic 
Ales & Lager 

792-7521 145 S. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 

I"Frieiiis-eat~~\----
When you buy one lunch 
Monday through Friday, we'll 
treat a friend of yours to 
LUNCH for FREEl 
Harry kMs UCSO. So he's InvItInc all 
UCSO students, faculty, and staff to 
join him between II am and 2:30 p.m., 
Mon,-Fri., for the best meal in La Jolla! 
• BREAKFAST SERVED AU. DAY 

7545 Girard Ave., Downtown La Jolla (61 ')454-7381 
L Open 'i ~ a .... Mon.·Sat. 5:30 am-2:l0 pm, Sundays 5:30-2 pm .J 
--_ .... _---------------

TODAY 
IS THE 

DEADLINE 
00 

for the final Guardian of this academic year! 
The display ad deadline is J2 ,'000n aod for 
classifieds your last chance is 3pm. Of course 
you'll still be able to get into our special Guard-
ian SUMMER ISSUE, for details see the ad on 
page 14 or call the GU8(dian at 534-3466. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Tuuday. Kay 31, 1994 

• • HARSH ENVIRONMENT: Despite wildly overgrown freeways and sunbleached 
attitudes, a freshly-cut, working graduate planm humor in tbe L.A. jungle 

U L.A., truth be told, is not much different 
from a pretty girl with a case of the clap . .. 

- Stone, main character of the musical 
"City of Angels" 

R ECENl'LY, I MOVED TO los Angeles. To the uninitiated, this means nothing. Butas a res ident of L.A. , I have 
found out this is not just any large metro-
pol itan area. L.A. is up there with New 
York, New Orleans, Paris and Beirut - that 
pantheon of cit ies where humanity, moral -
ity and basic decency are put on the back 
burner, where people play by their own 
rules, and those rules change by the hour. 
Those who are able to go with the flow are 
spared, but those who cannot cope areswept 
aside to spend the remainder oftheir days in 
wretched squalor .. .. 

Perhaps that 's a bit of a stretch. Los 
Angeles has not assumed the post-apoca-
lyptic landscape of a Mad Max film , and 
maybe it won't at all until the next riot, but 
the point remains - L.A. is a cutthroat land 
of urban sprawl, strip malls and broken 
dreams. The lucky few are the toast of the 
town, while the rest end up writing for TV. 

L.A. is the magnet that draws fame-
hungry Americans like moths to a flame. 
After all, it wasn't long ago that a pretty 
young Midwesterner by the name of Norma 
Jean Baker moved out to Hollywood, 
changed her name to Marilyn Monroe, and 
enjoyed fame and fortune beyond her wild-
est dreams - at least until she became a 
pill-popping shell of a human being. 

In spite of the inglorious ends which 
some face, the young and the foolish still 
Hoek to L.A. from all points east and north. 
Would·be actors, stand·up comics and 
strung out musicians congregate in coffee 
houses, clubs and diners across the city. 
For each that makes it, another dozen 

are able to find menial jobs as waiters, that no matter how many films like "Mon· 
delivery boys or sales clerks. The rest are key Trouble" and "Snake Eyes" that Mr. 
left to fend for themselves in professions Keitel is foolish enough to make, he will 
that are legally and morally never be so hard up for cash 
questionable. With so many FGEURARDTUHIANE~ that he must resort to work· 
people milling about des· ing for minimum wage at 
perate to break into show Ralph's. But such is the al· 
business, it is no coincidence lureofLos Angeles. Around 
that L.A. is the capital of the every comer lurks the next 
adult movie industry. Not that I have any Big Thing. 
personal knowledge in that area, of course. The streets teem with celebrities. Every· 
Hoor., f. Hollywood one, it seems, works in some way for that 

L.A. , as the "Beverly Hillbillics"theme nebulous industry known as "show busi-
song rc;- ness." (Except for me, of course. I 
min d s work in politics, which nowadays 
viewers, is is pretty much the same 
the land of thing). 
swimming pool s and Butevenlamnot 
movie stars. Perhaps no immune to the 
other image is as firmly stargazing 
ingrained in the mind of fever which 
every man, woman and seems to 
child in hold everyone 
America ... which is part in the greater L.A. area in its grip. 
of the problem, unfortu· One day I had stopped to fill up 
nately. my tank at a gas station a few 

"I saw Harvey Keitel in blocks away from the NBC 
the supermarket yester· television studios. A seem· 
day," a friend told me last ingly harmless thought en· 
week. teud my head. "I wonder 

"Really?" I asked. if Jay Leno ever pumps 
"Well, he looked like his gas here1" I heard 

Harvey Keitel. He was myself asking. 
bagging my grocer· . And then I felt 
ies." 

Now, my friend 
is a college·edu. 
cated adult, and he 
knows as well as I do 

or so continue to struggle under ~-....,. 
anonymity 'S heavy weight. 

For that reason, the city 
reeks of untold failure. 
The luckier ones 

where Mr. Leno pumps his gas in the first 
place and . shame for forgetting that Mr. 
Leoo is a rich, powerful man who probably 
hires someone to pump his gas for him. I am 
so embarrassed at admitting to this incident 
that I'm not even going to mention the time 
a man who looked suspiciously like Steven 
Spielberg nearly ran me over with a minivan. 
As everyone knows, I'm sure, the award· 
winningdirectorwho's made enough money 
to buy and sell every piece of L.A. has 
nothing better to do than cruise around 
Burbank in a Ford Aerostar. 
K...-cCooi 

Such ruminations about chance meet · 
ings with Jay LeIJO in gas stations or Steven 
Spielberg's driving abilities are unspeak· 
able faux pas in Angelino society. Though 
the ~ity revolves around overrated celebri-
ties and undeserved fame, its citi:r.ens pride 
themselves on maintaining an air of indif· 
ference about the rich and famous - no 
doubt because so many of them are. In L.A., 
one man's Arnold Schwarzeneggar is an· • 
other man's Jamie Farr. 

This casual disinterest manifests itself 
throughout the daily lives of LA. 's denio 
zens-even to the point of not caring about 
life itself. One morning I awoke to discover 
that my room was shaking, things were 
falling off my desk and the entire building 
was roekina to and fro. "Earthquakel" I 
screamed as I leapt out of my bed, ready to 
take whatever action necessary to protect 
myself during this emergency. Or, to put it 

more plainly, I ran about my room 
shrieking like a wounded gibbon. 
Those that I live with, who have 
experienced more earthquakes 

lately than they have eaten hot din· 
ners, were not impressed with my 

concern for safety. 
"We don't even bother to get out of bed 

anymore unless it's over S.Oon the Richter 
scale," said my landlord, her voice dripping 
with disgust. 

There you have L.A. in a nutshell. The 
residents here are so concerned with keeping 

up their too-cool-to-care exte· 
rior that they're willing to 

See L.A., Page 9 

Tuuday. May 31. 1994 

L.A.: Driving 
Woes Weigh Heavily 
on Angelenos Minds 
ContInued from .... 8 
be crushed by falling buildings in 
order to do so. 
'0 LIve ..... DIe In LA. Tr8fIIc 

So if discussing earthquake 
safety or debating whether Harvey 
Keitel is asking customers at the 
local market whether they prefer 
paper or plastic is considered 
verboten by the standards of Los 
Angeles, what passes for polite 
conversation 'round these parts? 
A random, unscientific surv.y reo 
veals a clear pattern. 

"You should leave before 6 a.m. 
to avoid traffic," my landlord tells 
me. 

"Do you run into much traffic 
on the 1011" my barber wants to 
know. 

"How is the traffic today?" que· 
ries the proprietor of the 7-11 
where I stop each morning to buy 
coffee. 

Freeways are obviously a very 
important part of the lfves of 
L.A.'s residents - probably 
because they spend too much 
time stuck there. I have to laugh 
now whenever I watch an ac· 
tion·adventure movie that fea· 
tures a high·speed chase duro 
ing rush hour along the free· 
ways of Los Angeles. In real 
life, such an occurrence would 
be physically impossible unless 
your definition of "highspeed" is 
about 15 miles per hour. 

The time of day may change, 
the seasons may pass and the moon 
may wax and wane, but one thing 
stays constant about L.A. '5 free· 
ways: they are always clogged with 
cars. You are as likely to be stuck 
in traffic at high noon as you are at 
midnight. The freeways are still 
busy well into the wee hours of 
the morning . At 4 a.m., one is 
likely to find a sl ew of com· 
muters hoping to avoid the traf-
fic at 6 a.m. 

It would be understandable if 
the traffic were caused by any· 
thing as simple as an accident. a 
jack·knifed truc'. or a collapsed 
freeway. To the casual \istner, 
commuter traffic reports on L.A. 's 
various radio stations sound to the 
like a litany of biblical plagues. 
But more often than not, the traffic 
comes to a screeching halt for no 
reason wlultsoever. 

One can be driving along at a 
crisp 65 mph, laughing about such 
good fortune, when suddenly, the 
road ahead becomes a five-mile 
sea of brake lights. Then, just as 

suddenly, everyone will speed up 
again. It's as if everyone on the 
freeway decided to take a well· 
deserved rest. The effect on the 
psyche of drivers unfamiliar with 
L.A.'s traffic patterns can be per· 
manently damaging. Drl..,"""'" 

In other words, L.A. motorists 
pIa y by a different set of rules than 
those taught back in their 10th· 
grade drivers' education class-
put simply, they ignore all ofthern. 
Drivers are allowed to tailgate. 
Using a turn signal during a lane 
change is against severalloeal or· 
dinances. Cars are allowed, nay 
encouraged, to change several 

And then I fe" 
........- ....... tor 
carl ... where Mr. 
uno pump. hi .... 
In the first place 
and ........ for 
-,.,ettI ... that Mr. 
Leno Is. rich, 
powerful man who 
probably hire. 
someone to pump 
h ..... forhlm. 

lanes at one time. In any accident, 
the driver at fault is the one who 
was going the slowest. 
. Changing lanes L.A.·style is 
not so much a procedure as it is an 
art form. The experienced driver 
in the City of Angels can tell by 
instinct if a car is in his blind spot, 
and ifhe'swrong, that's just some-
t.hing for the insurance companies 
to sort out. In most cities, a driver 
signals first then changes lanes. In 
L.A.; however, this is considered 
very rude. 

The courteous driver will 
swerve wildly into the next lane, 
and then signal a few miles later. If 
you try to change lanes and you 
hear horns blaring as the driver 
behind you slams on his brakes, 
resulting in a lO-car pile up, then 
you have merged successfully. 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 COlta Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUfIWATER 

·r-UCSD 

i Lo ..10110 Vlllo •• Dr. I. 
'IlIO_.' Dr . 

UTe 
II 

z.@ I J II 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFr ~LOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
--~------------------- I : III Full Service $:299 : 

: ~~~6~ F!! !LA§! J.", .... : 
I c 4,R WMI1 No! VIIId "'" "'" oIIIIr GIMr. SAVE .... I 
I ElqWw 7flC~" . I 

~----------------------- . 

The UCSD Guardian 

However, if you try to change lanes 
and the last sound you hear is the 
crunch of twisting metal as your 
Buick Skylark explodes into a fie 
ery coffin, then you have merged 
unsuccessfully. 

There is a perfectly logical ex· 
planation for why L.A. drivers cut 
each other off so frequently -this 
is how they get their kicks. Bad 
driving is the great social equal-
izer. That caryoujust cut off could 
be driven by a powerful Holly· 
wood producer or captain of in· 
dustry. 

Or on the other hand, it could 
be driven by a crack·addled teen· 
ager with a pump shotgun under-
neath the passenger seat who does 
not appreciate your lack of driving 
savvy. And the best thing of all is 
that there 's no way of telling. This 
is the sort of gamble that gets an 
Angelino's blood pumping. This 
is living. 

If you are the type of driver 
who curses at others, driving in 
L.A. will soon clear you of this 
nasty habit simply because there 
are just too many bad drivers to 
heap abuse on. 

By the time you finish shouting 
obscenities at the grandmother 
going 25 mph in the fast lane, the 
Ferrari that cuts you off, the creep 
in the Mercedes who won't let 
you merge and the guy who's 
cursing at you, you will no 
longer be concentrating on 
your driving and you will 
crash into a tree. Besides, after 
screaming at that many people, 
your vocal cords will soon be 
raw, bloody stumps, not to men· 
tion the factthat you ' ll be damned 
to perdition in no time for taking 
God's name in vain 
Welco •• to LAo ... 
Now Leav. 

There are some who believe 
that everythi ng below Bakersfield 
and everything above Oceanside 
should be hacked off from the state 
of California and allowed to sink 
into the sea. And they may be 
right. But, that would mean giving 
up Disneyland, Dodger Stadium 
and most of the major film stu· 
dios. Besides, what would you do 
about Riverside? 

When it comes right down to it, 
L.A., with the exception of some 
peculiarities, is an all right place 
to live. If you play your cards 
right, you could end up being the 
guy Jay Leno hires to pump his 
gas. 

-Philip Miclulels is a former 
Guardian editor who recently 
movtd to Los Angeles. Despite in-
knse peer pressure, he still uses his 
turn s;g,",1 when clulnging lanes. 

·1 ..... ""_ • UonIt 3 COo "" __ . • Il0l __ .., 
_ oIIIIs • tip. 1/15/14 

• MUSIcTRADER 
.. __ -.uee 

11M3 a CIiIIn ...... 1CIIIIIt14l2·:I214 
1014 CIomII",1NaII1 272-:1214 
2211 II c... .... ruo_ 43NQ3 
3112 ...... Dr . ...... -... 2a7117 
447 ........ ca CojDftI ..... :I274 
4I1 ........ 1C11111 VIIIoI-.M12 

.. ----------~ 

, 

NEWS 9 

Areas Largest Selection of Loose Ditunonds 
18 K tI1Id 14K JttJlUm Officilll Agent of 

GOLD 011 SALE SWISS ARMY Watches 

Sadsflldioa aad QaaIIty: Select with complete confidence that we can beat 
any diamond price and provide you with the besl service. 

Buy - Sell - Generous Trade-ins 
MORADI 597-0800 
FINE JEWELERS 

8750 GtMSMt A venue 11248 • III llu COSI4 Verde Sltoppilll Celller 

-------~--------T-------FREE JEWELRY I $399 WATCH I J:~~Y 
::'. APPRAISAL I BAITERY I CLEANING _______ ~ ________ L ______ _ 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456 -8REW 

College to/proof of age required. 

$gg+COLORED LENSES 2 PAIRS .Ron EYES TO BLUE, 
BREE', HAZEL OR BREY 

WJ D2-"AQUES •• _130 monuIlC1urer', _Ie. 'rd .... foes edra. 
... ., ... bII .... d ... Dally'" 
Clllpletl CoIIpIItt • CIIInII .......... $89* $109* $129*::;: 

'Includes: Complete Eye Exam· Fi1Iing. Folow-up car. 
• Care KIt • Near Sighlld Ax only • OIlIer Major Brands in Stock 

L...---We take the time to listen and explain. 
Dr. lick 1 6710 Mll'lmlr Rd. I SELBY, 0.0. 2"_al_~c.t·IJr. 1 578·6796 
S69 ' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses! ;1".[:',1~ 



SELF STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
51iNt~ 

SELF STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Ea.tgate Court 
San Diego 92121 . 

STUD •• T sp.el.&S 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (~rst four months) 

• PlUS 50% OFF first 
month·s rent 

• All sizes available 

• Bank cards accepted 

• Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 

• OPEN 7 am to 7 pm, 
7 days a week 

• Close to UCSD 

• Reserve early & avoid 
LAST DAY RUSH I 

TAKE OFF FOR PILOT SCHOOL 
Arizona State University 

in cooperation with 
Lufthansa German Airlines 

offers undergraduate and graduate 
Ab Initio pilot training programs. 

Training will be conducted at Arizona State University, 
Lufthansa's facilities at Goodyear, Arizona 

and Bremen, Germany. 

Update: Agreement has just been Signed 
between ASU, Lufthansa and United Airlines. 

Call for details! 

• ' TIle UCSD Gurdiaa T ..... y.IIa'SI. 19M 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in I5-word incMnents. The rate per 15 worrls is $1 for 
students (for penonal use only), $3 for focu/ty and slDf/, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a checJc (milde payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hursday for MondIly's 
issue, and3 p.m. Mondily for 1hursday's issue. The Guardianres-erves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
aUJ534-54I6.MaiJingadtln!ss: UCSDGuanJian,Attn:C~ 9500GiImIlnDrive, 
03I6,lAJolIa, CA 92fY}3'()3I6.ActuDladdress: StudentCenterl " top floor. 

\\\Ol \('L'II . \ · I~ 
Traveling abroad this summer? 
Get a Hostelling Intematlonal 
membership to stay at over 
5,000 hostels worldwide. Call 
338-9981. (3/28-6/2) 
Europe only $269. New York 
$129, Catch a Jet Anytime. 
(ReportedinLet'sgo,NYTImes). 
Call 31()'394-0550. Alrhltch (R). 

(5/~/2) 

ELEANOR ROOSEVELT 
COLLEGE LOGO DESIGN 
COMPETITION. Deadline to 
submit designs: June 15, 1994 
(send to Provost, Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, mall code 
0069). Information flyers at 412 
UCtr. (5/1&6/2) 
STRESS MANAGEMENT 
MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELOR. 
Exams - Papers - Problems. 
Stress, Depression, Relation-
ships. Free Consultation. For 
Appointment: 622-9515. (5/26-
6/2) 
Women needed for doctoral 
study on health. Participants 
will be paid $5.00/hr. Call 497-
5906. (5/2&6/2) 
ATTENTlONREVElLEGRADUATING 
SENIORS: Commencement 
deremony on Sunday, June 12, 
2:30p.m. on lawn west of Basic 
Science Bulldirc. For details, pick 
up oopv of conmenoement letter 
at Revelle Dean's OffIce. (5/31-6/ 
2) 
Learn, live and love Spanish in 
Cuemavaca, Mexico. Intensive 
language program at The Center 
for Bilingual Multicultural 
Studies. Call Julie Tupper at 
(619) 295-7020. (5/31-6/2) 

FREE 'MAVERICK' MOVIE 
POSTER to first 25 people to 
place a Guardian CLASSIRED 
AD TODAY BEFORE 3P.M.1 Your 
ad will appear In out last spring 
issue on Thursday. We are at 
Stu. Ctr. -A- -room 217. (5/31) 
Alpha Kappa Psi wishes to 
congratulate Nathan Silvennan 
for being awarded the 
scholarship key award. (5/31) 
Miss Asia San Diego Paceant 
proudly announces Psi Chi 
Omega Fratemlty of UCSD as 
theofflcial sponsors of the 1994 
pageant at the Price Center 
Theatre, July 13 8. 14. 
Applications stili being accepted 
thru June 15th for ladles 
between 17 and 27. CaU for 
info 492-8821. (5/31) 

F'IPI.O) 'IF\T 
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT 
make up to $2000-$4000/mo. 
teaching basic conversational 
English in Japan, Taiwan, or S. 
Korea. No teaching background 
or Asian languages required. 
For Infonnatlon all (206) 632-
1146 ex. J5976. (3/28-6/2) 
Babysitter needed in Del Mar 
area for 3 children some Saturday 
nights and weeknights. 755-
6172. (5/19-5/31) 
Camp Counselors 8. Horseback 
Riding Instructors. Roughing It 
Day Camp in SF Bay Area. Must 
be available 6/20-8/26, have 
expert and refs. Call (510) 283-
3795. (5/5-6/2) 
Postal Jobs Availablel Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 
1-800-436-4365 Ext. P·3387. 

(5/1~/2) 

I 

CRUISE SHIPS HIRING Eam up 
to $2000/mo. on Cruise Ships 
or Land-Tour companies. 
Summer and Full time 
employment available. No 
experience necessary .. For 
infonnation call 1-206-634-
0468 ex. C5976. (3/28-6/2) 

PERFECT SUMMER JOBI ACP is 
hiring reliable college students 
for bi-li~alrnarketirc projects. 
Must speak one of the following 
languages: Chinese, 
Vietnamese, Tagalog, Korean, 
or Japanese. Call 23&-6000 for 
infonnatlon. (5/23-6/2) 
CAREGIVER for 2 and 4 year old 
In Solana Beach. 1()'20 hrs/ 
wk. References required. $7/ 
hr. 755-4699, NO calls after 
5p.m. (5/23-6/2) 
Eam up to $3,000 In additional 
monthly Income as Managing 
Representative for Excel 
Telecommunications. Set your 
own hours, no quotas to meetl 
Ideal for students. Call Anthony 
428-4743. (5/23-6/2) 
Secretary PIT typingjdriving for 
song writer/poet. Pay 
negotiable. Leave message with 
ASF. 491-3815. (5/26-6/2) 
PART-TIME l.EA().SETTER needed 
in Del Mar for an Authorized Sales 
Agency of Pacific Bell services. 
Rexlble hours, casual attire, 
professional approach. Near 
UCSD and beach. Robert 
MacKnight, 794-9601. (5/26-5/ 
31) 

For evcn morc wild and 
crazy classlficds, plcasc 
turn to page 16 

D •• Oft Talko DIU •• ~" of Japan 
OnDEKOIA 

The AS Internsbip Office ,ould lite (0 extend a 'if I 

"ThriNiog, magical, mind-blowing experJenoa" - Boston Herald 

Sunday, June 5, 7 pm 
Cople, 

Symphon, 
Hall 

T1ckets III the Copley Symphony 
Hal Box OIIIce, 750 B SIr8III, 
10 MI~ pm Mon.-Fri. (Noon 10 
InMIn .......... My of perbmInce. 

Thank You II 
• Wendy's • Chevy's 
• Rubio's • SOUp Exchange 

for their generous donations to our nacho 

sale at the '94 Sun God Festival. 

The money raised will be used .to 

subsidize costs for our National interns. 

Thanks again for your support! 

PI1ce CInIIr, 2nd 1Ioor, Room 2.308. 5:M-4889. MoD. -fri. g am-4 pm 

... T...-.,. .... '.I, 19M The UCSD Guardi ... II 

Greek Life Offers Undergraduate 
Interfraternity Institute 

UIFI: Summer program 
offers training and 
leadership opportunities 
for greek system. 

members and national fratemity and 
IOIOrity volunteer'l. Some of this years 
programs Include a public relations 
forum called Reality Check, I 
leadersbip still UlellllllCnt, and a role 
modclingand role playing opportunity . 
EadJ day of UIFI hIS ascJllllte IMme, 
praentina tooIl to develop leadersblp 
still. and programs that build on each 
other from the previous day. 

,!n~I~~~~. ~~t~~~:~ _m'.~ kN:ice:i~g;;~ 
organization doesn't have everything project offers a one to one tutoring for 
10 offer you in its membership 15 you the students as well "S providing 
would like? Whetberit maybe lacking teaching assistants once a week for an 
in the area of academics, community hour. With the budget cuts in the San 
ICrvice, a lOCial outlet or leadership Diego Unified School District, the 
opponunities. the Greek system has Greek men and women who have 
proven illelf this year in ever aspect volunteered their time have alleviated 
mentioned. a great amount of pressure on the 

The NatioDiI Inter-fraternity 
Conference (NIFC) will bold It 5th 
annual Undergraduate Inter-fraternity 
Institute (UIFI) at UCLA from June 
22-26. UIFI expoaea Greek men Ind 
women to leldersbipopportunities Ind 
vlluable programs Ind training to help 
improve their individuII chlpters and 
Greek systems. 

. V1FI, a leadership institute as 
opposed to a conference provides 
participants with an almollphere where 
they will be able toenpge in a unifonn 
curriculum and handaon experiencing 
activities illlleadofdlrectina their focus 
on key speakera and lectures. 

"There are alotofposldve Incentives 
to the program. The JI101l rewlrdlng 
aspect is the faculty to student ratio," 
Director of Student Services for NIFC 
Karyn Nishimurallid. "There isa one 
to five ratio whicla means I lot of 
individual anendon will be provided 
to the participants". 

All of the programs will be 
conducted by professional Greek 
advisors, sorority Ind fratemity iliff 

~ports Corner 
The race for the Sports 

Banner is finally over. It came 
down to the last sport in IFC 
competition to mike the 
decision, but after seven 
consecutive years united in the 
bond of dominance, Phi Delta 
Theta loss the sports banner to 

~~~;~; Sigma Chi. In Panhellenic sports, Alpha Chi Omega proved itself as the chapter displaying the most 
consistent victories throughout the year 
winning the banner. 

Coming into IFC softball , what 
separated the first place team Sigma 
Chi and second place Phi Deltswas 15 
points. In the first round of play, Phi 
Deltsdrewa bye leavingall thepreasure 
on Sigma Chi to win their first game 
against Delta Sigma Phi, which ended 
in a victory. It was the second round of 
play however that proved 10 be the 
deciding factor in the race for the sports 
banner. The Phi Delts witnessed defeat 
to Pi Kapps. losing 22-7 in a what 
aymbollzed more than a game. but an 
end to their legacy Iothespona banner. 

Sigma Chi, winning their game 
advanced on with the aporia banner 
neady put away to meet11CE'. in the 
championahlp pme. In the boaom of 
thescventh iMing. TKE'ahcldllrOna. 
leading the game 13-10 bat with a rally 
by Sigma Chi, lead by ScI8 Frieden, 
Siama Chi managed to pullin 3 Rlna to 
tie the game 13-13. Pi KapplandSigma 
Alpha Mu 1110 played well. PI Kapps 
nearly upset Sigma Chi in the scmi-
final game, but In the cod auocumbed 
11-9. Sigma Alpha Mu face TKE'I in 
the other semi-final pme only 10 fall 

"It was an unbelievable experience, If 
Panhellenic Vice President at UC Davis 
Susan Michl said. Michl'. recently 
attended a UIFI in Indiana. "The 
institute was extremely interactive. You 
weren't sitting in your seats at all, 
instead you were introduc:ed 10 different 
hands on learning .ctivites". 

Not only will the participants be 
interactingwith national Greek advisors 
and staff members, they will also be 
meeling Greeks from universities across 
the nation. "By bavlng a diverse group 
ofsludents from all over, it gives you a 
tremendous resource to pool from and 
get feedback," Michl said. The 
approximated 40 panicipants will be 
housed In one sorority house at UCLA 
which will allow them to feed ideas off 
one another and share in their 
experiences. 

UIFI has eight sessions throughout 
the summer; one in California, six in 
Indiana and one in New York. 

to TKE's wrath losing 17-7. 
Moving from the field to the pool, 

IFC inner tube witerpoJo was 
dominated by Sigma Phi Epsilon. In 
the championship game, Sigma Chi 
put up a strong show to the Sig Eps, 
trailing by I goal at the halfwith a score 
of 4-3. In the second half of play 
however, Sig Eps knew exactly how to 
maneuver their defense, putting all of 
their players in front of the cage. Sigma 
Chi could not penetrate the relentless 
defense of Sig Eps. Sig Eps won the 
game8-3, givingup goals in the second 
half. 

In Panhellenic volleyball, Alpha Chi 
Omega proved why they were the 
favorites. Each chapter brought in two 
teams 10 compete. Alpha Chi Omega 
swept both sides of the competition, 
ending with both thei r A and B teams in 
the championship game. Tri Delt's, 
with only one leam in the tournament 
representingtheirchapterhad no trouble 
displaying theirskills. Tri Delt's played 
into the semi-finals, losing to Alpha 
Chi Omega. Kappa Kappa Gamma and 
Alpha Omicron Pi both placingsecond 
Ihowed their vel1ltility on the courts 
but in the end it was not llrong enough 
to push them 1Il10 the championship 
game. 

With Alpha OIi Omega wiMing 
Panhellenic voIleyba11 and the ipOrla 
banner as well • Siama Chi in IFC 
ipOItI, thia year'. CXIIIJpelilioa baamme 
10 a doIIe. Will Sipna Cbi and Alpha 
Chi Orne. be .. a newlepcy to the 
sportI bumcr by IqlClting next year? 
Or will Phi Della *p up and begin 
again to reelaiIII tllelr title? Look for 
thae chapters and OChers sa we begin 
another Kason of exciting sports 
competition. 

"I am very impressed with telchers by relieving them in the, 
Panhellcnic and IFC," Vice Otancellor classrooms. 
Dr. JOICph Watson said. "The Greek Individual chapters have also 
system could have taken a position of contributed to the community through 
being exclusionary and limited in their philanthropic activities. The 
number but it is very healthy and Sigma Chi Fratemity raised nearly 
positive". $3400 in their annual Derby Days for 

Panhellenic and IFC have taken ever the San Diego Coalition for the 
step to improve the Greek system with Homeless and the Children's Miracle 
each new program it initiates. In early Network. Chi Omega, in their first 
April , the members of (FC and Tug-C-War raised $700 to benefit the 
Panhellenic anended the Western San Diego Women's Banered Society. 
Regional Greek Conference (WRGC), Through Anchorsplash, Delta Gamma 
where they attended seminars focusing raised $2200 for the Los Angeles 
on issues rsnging from leadership Children's Blind Center. 100 $1000, 
skills, motivation, and organization. raised from this year's Greek Week 
WRGC was an opportunity to assess was donated to the San Diego Center 
the strengths of the Greek system, as for Children. 
well as working on improvements to "The leadership type activities, 
bettereachchapterandthesystemasa philanthropies, and membership 
whole. commitment to academic achievement 

Working with Doyle Elementary shows the Greek organizations positive 
School asa panoftheAdopt·A-School contributions," Watson said . ..... and 
program, IFC and Panhellenic also interest in making UCSD a more 
adopted another school, Curie positive environment". 

Outstanding 
Greek 

The Pan hellenic and IFC spons 
banners may have been decided, but 
Eric Quandt and Josh Dibianca are 
hunting for a different title. Quandt 
and Dibianca are banling it out for the 
Division III College World Series 
Champipnship at Baltic Creek, 
Michigan. 

The World Series is a double 
elimination game against the two best 
teams in the West Coast. Quandt and 
Dibianca proved themselves as 
members on the UCSD bucball team 
by defeating CII Lutheran in the 
Western regionals, coming ba<;k from 
a deficit of 0-2 to win the final three 
games. 

Quandt, the leadoffhitter and second 
baseman for the team has been playing 
forl years and hilling 296. His baseball 
statistics are not his onl y impressive 
marks. A$ a Political Science mljor, 
he holds 13.45 GPA.ln his fraternity, 
Quandt held the position of 
Philanthropy Chair and is the Magister 
for next rail quarter. 

" I think that not having III these 
thin" in my life would not make me 
able to do the thlnp I want.ltlimita the 
dme I have to IlUdy 10 I have 10 mue 
UlCofthedmeI haveoutsideofhueblll 
and the fraternity," Quandt said. "To 
me, buebaJl is the key to keep!:Ig me 
moIlvated It school and the fraternity 
is another completely different outlet 
that teepsme goinglnd helps me to be 
well-rounded ... it complements 
everything" . 

Dibianca liso shires in a similar 

philosophy between balancing ~~~~~ 
baseball, academics and the fraternity. ~ 
" For me, to be involved in all 
three aspects, school. baseball 
and the fraternity, I have to see 
some kind of positive in each 
one or else I wouldn ' t be 
involved in thel1l," Dibianca 
said. " The fraternity gives me ' 
a vehicle to beller myself as an 
individual and push me to 
achieve the standards that I have always 
sel for myself and made me a bener 
baseball player". 

A$ a transfer student from UC Davis, 
Dibianca is in his first year playing for 
the team at UCSD as an outfielder. 
Dibiancaand the team will be traveling 
to Japan this summer, for training and 
tournament games against teams 
outside the United States. Dibianca 
also has impressive scholastic 
achievements with a 3.3 GPA as a 
Political Science major and was the 
Philanthropy Chair for his fraternity 
this past Spring quarter. 

Both Quandt and Dibianca are 
juniors and members of Sigma Chi. 

All Greek Study Break 
Sunday June 5 

6 PM Porter's Pub 
Free pizza Ind softdrinks 

Wear your Greek letters to get in 
Sponaored by KAPLAN 

Greek COlumn. EdHora 
Noah Hochman 
Tammy Nguyen 

Do you know who U 0 chooses to provide K A P LAN SAT prep for their Upward Bound Program? 
They choose KAPLAN. 1-800-KAP-TEST The answer to the test questlon_ 

MedII 01 a-1IiIItIoI. 
PrIce c.n.r oon • La Jolla, Il2OO3 VIewI _ naI __ at ASUCSO Of .,. au-dan. 

, 



I .. 

12 CALENDER 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Tw«ay-FrltMy 

• km.-4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thura .• a..m.-3p.m. Fri. 
- The OASIS Langu.ge Progrwn prcMdel tu-
toring U8iItance to ItUdenta whoM native Ian-
guage Is not Englieh lind 10 1hou doilg work In 
French. Gemwt. 1taI.". SpanIIh. lind VIeIn8m-
.... A diagnoellc tell on WIitten Englieh Is avail-
able on request. Cd 534-22804 for more informa-
tion. Student Center. Bldg. A. 1214. 
• ea.m.o4:3Op.m., Mon.-Thur •.• Sa.m.-1 p.m .• Fri. 
- The OASIS~' WrtIIng WOI'UIIop pro-
vid .. free individual and group conferencea to 
UIIsI studenlll with writing projects. SWW aI80 
oIers free word proonsing faciIitle8 and comput. 
usI8tance. Stop by York Hall '4070 or can 534-
7344 to schedule an appointment. 
• 88.m.o4:3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .• ea.m.·1p.m. Fri. 
- Let OASIS Study M-.gement Cent" help 
you this quart. wIh lime management. notetaldng 
and edltrtg. textbook analysis, memory. ftexlble.' 
speed reading, vocabulary development. and 
GREJ\..SAT/MCATverbaI comprehen8lon, Stop by 
York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a per-
sonal appointment. Also. Slay on the lookout for 
those vallJBb!!I OASIS Study SkIlls Worbhops and 
the GAE Weekend Specials. 
.aa.m.-4:30 p.m. Mon.-Frl.-Th. OASIS Writ-
Ing C.nt.r is a free service for all UCSD stu-
dent • . W. off.r on. 10 on. writing conferenc .. 
for any type of writing proj.ct--ecademlc pa-
per • • personal stat.ments. even storie. and 
poem • . Our .taff oftralned undergraduat .. can 
help you become a more effective writer. Call 
534-2284 to make an appolntm.nt or drop by 
our office in the old Student Center. Building A, 
room 214. 

LECfURES 
Tuesday, May 31 

• 5:30-7:3Op.m. - "Natworklng on the Net-
_rk· - Phil Agre. Department of Communi-
cation. UCSD. What Is networking a8 a form of 
social practice. and what are promise. and limi-
tation. of computer networks as a plac. to en-
gag. In this practice? Bring your own network-
ing stories as well . and we can compare not ... 
Applied Physics & MathematiCS Building. Room 
4301 . 

Wednesday. June 1 
• 3-5p.m. - Research Seminar on Mexico and 
U.S.-Mexican Relations: "TheorIee of Rift! Pro-
tilt: Impllcatlone for Underetandlng Mexico-
- VIctor MagMa. political scientist. UCSD. Held 
at ln1emational Conference Center Conference 
Room. Institute of the Americas CompleJ(. 
• 4p.m. - Chemistry Department Colloquium: 
Prof. Elizabeth Komives. UCSO. "Prolein-proIiIIn 
IntMlCtlon. Mediated by the Thrombomoclulln 
Egf-llk. Domeln .. " CMG Lecture Hall. 
• 5p.m. - Cognltlv. Sclenc. Und.rgradu-
at. R .... rch Conference - Come .ee and 
hear students talk about their res.arch . CSB 
003. 

Friday. June 3 
.12-1 p.m. - The Ethnic Studies Dept. presents 
a lecture by Emily Sampson of the Clalremont 
Graduate School entitled - A.h.rah, D.a 
Obecu .... " This lecture Is free and open 10 fac-
ulty, students. and staff. Feel free to bring a lunch. 
Lectur. held in H&SS 4025. 

HEALTH AND FI1NESS 
Ongoing 

• - Springtime Is here and it·s bathing suit _ -
son. FlTSTOP will give you a FREE fitness as-
sessment and help you put a fitness program to-
gether. Sign up for an appointment on the second 
ftoor of Student Health today. (weekly) 

Tuesday-Thursday 
• Man.JWed .• 11 -11 :5Oa.m & 1-1:5Op.m.; Tu .. '/ 
TIUs .• 12-12:5Op.m. - Atw.lk - Amr-walk-
Ing program sponsored by Student Health Advo-
cat .. (SHA). Get in shape for summerl BrIng your 
friend.1 Fun. health & fitnessl Meet at the Sun 
God. Begins Monday. AprH 11 . runs all spring quar-
ter. For info. call 534-3874. (weekly) 
.Tu .... 10a.m. & lp.m.; Wed .• 11a.m. & 1p.m.; 
Thurs., 10a.m. & lp.m. - Learn how to ACE 
YOUR FINAL in Sex Ed. 1011 This is your LAST 
CHANCE to attend a Women'. S.xual Health 
Info. Session. If you come. you'lI be able to 
ma.ter all the birth control methods. Informa-
tion about the pelvic .J(am & breast self-exam. 
STD •. and morel Health Ed. Am .• 2nd ftoor of 
SHS, 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Tuesday. May 31 

• 12p.m. - AA Meeting - Room 1208. Biology 
building at MUlA campus. (weekly) 
• 3:30p.m. - Tired ot running alone? Com. join 
the Social Running Club. Tuesday and Thurs-
day 81 3:30p.m. and Sunday at 1Da.m. Alllev8ls 
welcome. Meet at the Sun God. Free. Call JOshua 
Mitnick 497-5020 for more info.(1MMIdyJ 
• 5·8p.m. - O.t Involv.d with cultural 
...... n ••• and underetandlngl R.v.II.·. 
Cultural Awar.n ••• Network (CAN) m •• t. 
WHkly. at Revall. Commuter Loung • . (_Idy) 

WednescMY, June 1 
• 5:30p.m. - WIIcIemaee Club ...... ng - LIc. 
playing In nature'. wondeftand? Join other enthu-
..... tor hbIg. bliclcpacking. mountain biking. 
rock ctImtrIng. IWld morel MMI on the hump by 
the Old Student Cent • . (weeIdyJ 
• 8-Sp.m. - ChloenoelL.dnoe for Craatlva 
II. dldlla invitee .. to .. 11t Annual RecognitIon 
IWld Chduatlon Ceramony. Spaghetti Factory. 
00wr*:Jwn. 534-1188 for more Info. 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

THE WEEKLY CALENDER 

.8:15p.m. - MIlch ... Speakers. a ToutrrIM-
ter epeaklng club for slngl.. professional non-
amok ... meets at HIndquattera reetaurarlt. 7040 
MIramar Road ('*- 1-805 and 1-15) In the 
Golden Triangle area. For Info. pIeua call 970-
8136. (weekly) 
• 7p.m, - Act'" 8tucIenW for AIDS PNwn-
tJon (ASAP) will meet In the PrIce Cent •. All< 
EDNA for exact location. PI .... join III. (wNIdy) 
• 7p.m. -l.eeblan, alaaxual, ~ Woman'. 
Dlacuealon Oroup - Come to the Women'. Re-
IOUrce Center to enjoy lively diIcuaion and meet 
great womer .. (WNIdy) 
• 7p.m. - Open Olea_Ion for Gay and al-
eaxual....... - Student Cent. Bldg. B Conf. 
Room. Sponsored by LGBA. (Weekly) 
• 9p.m. - Hardcore Student Film Club ...... 
Ing - All majors end IIMIiI of experIerlOllnvlted. 
MeetIngs are In the Media Canter (MCC) atudloe. 
(weekly) 

Thcnd4ly. June 2 
• 2p.m. - W."..n Commuter Commltl. -
Does Warren even haw commuter acIIvItIeI? You 
betl Come help u. decide how to spend your 
money. Meetings In the Warren College Student 
Adlvilles Center. CSAC. Subacrlbe to warren-
commuters@UCSD todayl (weekly) 
.6-8p.m. - Accounting SocIety of UCSO Exten· 
sIon presents 'A Way in the L.Ife: Speak .... from 
public. private, and gcMIfM'I8nI acaurtIng. Place: 
IRPS Am. 3201 . 

Frkay, JuntJ 3 
• 12p.m. - AA ..... Ing- Room 1208. Biology 
building at MUIR campus. (weekly) 

Sunday, June 5 
• 6:30p.m. - Alpha Phi Omega National SIr-
vIc:a Fraternity (CCHd) -Invites you to ... what 
we're all about. The Pho PI Petitioning Chapt. 
meets Sunday at 8:30pm in SoIls 109. Come have 
fun wh~e performing lIrVice to our campu • • com-
munity and nallonl (weekly) 
EVENTS AND RECREATION 

Tuesdsy-Saturt1ay 
• Walking tours oftha UCSD campus conducted 
by the Student Outreach and Recruitment Offtce 
(SOAR) are now available at 11 :00 AM Monday 
through Saturday. The 9O-mlnute student guided 
tour is d"lgned to give visitors a taste of the 
ac:ademIc and social flavor of UCSO·. uncIetgradu-
at. colleges. Following the leu prospectlv. stu-
dents are inYited to attend a general information 
session. The one-hour presentation reviews the 
differences among UCSO's five colleges. whU. 
also covering admission requirements lind sup-
port services for students. Aeservatlon. are en-
couraged by calling 534-1935, VIsItors should 
meet outside the SOAR office. located on the 
upper level of the Student Cent •• Building "8.' 

Tuesday-Sunday 
• 12-5p.m. - Two 8I11sts ¥'ill ahowlhelrpalntlngs 
in a Un~ Art Gallery exhibition ~ -Over-
• from the Garden," from May 131tiraq1 June 
12. 1994. This exhibition is the eleventh in a series 
of annual invitational exhibition. presentflg the 
works of emerging and mId-car_1dsts working 
in the U.S. On view wit be paintings by artists linda 
F088Asakawa from Cave Creek. ArIzona. and Trine 
Bum_ from Denver. Colorado. 

Tuesday, May 31 
• 5:30-9:3Op.m. - Two --.Ing -1OIIftIPh1c 
etucIy cru .... on the calm ... on San DIego 
Bay to gather data lind collect marin. samples for 
resea-ch are being oIfared by the Stephen BIrch 
AquarkJm-Museum at UCSO·. ~ IMtItuIIon 
of Oceanography. Adub and chlldrwi ages 9 end 
older wi have the opportunity to 181m oc.no-
graphic techniques lind coIect ..... from Sen 
DIego Bay aboard the 85-foot veeeeI HorIzon. F .. 
for the cruise Is $25 for aduIta and $18 for chldren 
ages 8-13. Ado.wIOI reMMiIIone In nrquHd. For 
more Info .• cal the Aqt.arIum II 534-7523. The 
ev.ning study auIMe wi be altered on 1Ueeday 
and Wednaeday. 
• 7p,m. - Fun. huge trip to .... Ibu Grand PrIx 
IpOrIIOfed by Warren Commutara. S2.50 buys 
you unlimited drInke. game token. and lola of 
Iape. Sign up at Warren SAC or cal Mry or Jeff 
II 450-8587 for more Info. E\I8ryOM weIoomal 
Umltecl Spacel 

__ ldioIDIev/GuwrJI." 

• 8p.m. - AS Film ..... : In the Name of the 
Father -Admlulon: $1 In advance. $2 at the 
door. PrIce Center Theet.. For Info. call 534-
4399. 
• Sp.m. -lntercambloJExchange Concarte 
lind compact disc ,.... pMy. held at CACA. 
buldlng 408 Unlverelly Cent •• fr .. lind open to 
the public. (wNIdy) 
• 8p.m. - International FIlm F..uv.I: ·Tout 
ea Pour ea- - AdmIaeIon: general $8; $4 stu-
dents. MandevIlle Auditorium. For more Info. cal 
534-4090. 

"""resday, June 1 
.8p.m. -~'IIIConcerte­
RecaptIon following. held at CRCA. building 408 
UnIYefalty Cent •. fr .. lind open to the public. 
(wNIdy) 
.8p.m. - UCSD Jazz Orchaatra - DIreetecI by 
Jimmy Cheatham. Admllalon: $5 general. $3 stu-
dents. senior citizens. faculty/llafl. For Info. call 
534-4830. 

FricMy. June 3 
• 2-4p.m. - Friday Baltraom o.nc. Fun a... 
eIon. sponsored by the Ballroom Dance Club. 
Informal gathering with muaIc. dancing. Ieuons. 
Free. Rec. gym cIasroom. (weekly) . 
• 5p.m. - Cognitive Sclanca Undergraduat. 
Re_rch ConflrWlCl - Come ... and hear 
students talk about th.1r r ...... ch. CSB 003. 
• 7p.m. - CWO "EducIIIIonaI" Am Sertea: Menu-
fec:turIng Coneent - Solie Hall 107. Free. 
• Sp.m. - UCSO Wind EnHmble - Directed 
by Robert Zellckman. For info. call 534-4830. 

Sallltday, June .-
• 4p.m. - C8ro1 PIaramura'e VoIce Student. 
Aecllal- Erickson Hall. Mandeville Center. For 
Info. call 534-4830. 
• Sp.m. - Japanaea Koto ClaM RecItaI- Di-
rected by Norlko TlUboI, Recital Hall. Mandeville 
Center. For Info. call 534-4830. 

Sunday. June 5 
.-FrH tou ... of UCSD are offered every Sun-
day this Spring by the UCSD VIeIIors Program. 
Mini-Van tours ar. available the first and third 
Sundays ot each month. starting 113:00 PM from 
the Glman Information Pavilion. Walking tours 
are offered on alternative Sundays. aIiIo at8l11ng 
at 3:00 PM from the OMman Pavilion. A portion 
of the famed Stuart Collection of outdoor sculp-
tur. Is Included. Although the tour Ie fr ... there 
iI. minimal UCSD partcing fee. Reservations are 
nec .... ry and may be mad. by calling 534-
4414. 
• 3p.m. - La Jolla Symphony - Young Milts 
Concert . Admission: $12 general. $10 senior citi-
zens. $6 students. For Info. call 534-4637. 

CAREER SERVICES 
OngoIng 

• - MENTOR - Receive job-..... ch help from 
a professional In your field arranged by ~ 
advisor. PIck up an application at Career ServIces 
Ref. Room. 
• 8:00-4:00 - SlOI+ - Computer-based pr0-
gram ot career information designed 10 help you 
clarify your akll •• values. lind Inter .... For more 
Info. com. to the Career ServIces Cent • . 110, 
• - Job s-ctI Club - AppIicatlona are now 
available for this 3-week Job eearch prowam for 
graduating senIore that begin. June 20th. FIrst 
Come. tim SIrYId. DON'T MISS OUT On thil 
chance to hone your Job .... ching IklIII and make 
important contacta that could lead 10 • job. Ca-
reer Cent • . 110.00. 

SUPPORT GROUPS 
OngoIng 

• - Women'. Peer Counaelore (trained by 
Peych. ServIcee) - Need a conlldentlal. friendly 
181 to listen? Wa haw walk-In hoIn or call for 
appointment at the wan.,'. Reacuce Canter. 

7IMIdIy. ~ 31 
.1t:3OrLm.-12:3Op.m.; 1"':2(]p.m. - Women'e 
Peer Cou.,...lnt ofIIce hours. Women'. R • 
IOUrce Center. (weeIdy) 
• 12-1p.m. - For anvone dealing wtth food 
and body Imaga ...... pIaMa corne talk to a 
peer couneaIor for RED (RecoYIrIng from EllIng 
DIeardere) during .. new oIIIce IIouraI HISS 
2Oe8. For Info. CIIII 451-0751. (WeeIfIyJ 

Tueeday, May 31, 19M 

~Jutte1 
.12-1p.m_-LAeblM.ca., .. 111 .... 1ncI-
__ .... Coun .. I ...... KandrIi - Haw 
a question? ..... a~ erwIroIl.1Int'1 Drop 
by Wwr8n Lt. Bldg. 32!50 or call 534-3887 for an 
appointment with a trained p.., counMlor. 
(WNIdy) 
• 12-1p.m. - Ow .......... Anonymoua - For 
men lind women who want to IIop eetIng com-
pulsiwly. Student Cent. CoI.fentrlOl Room (by 
Soft ReeefveI). Call SaIy H. 534-1253 kif more 
1nformIIIlon. (wNIdy) 
• 12-2p.m. - Women· ..... CoqnMIIng ofIIce 
hoIn. Women'. Reaource CentIr_ (MIIIdyJ 
• 7-8:3Op.m. -~ o.,.rId II-
...,.1 ...... •• Support Group - PnMdng a eup-
portlv. and confldantlal environment. Meet. 
WMkIy In the South Conference Room. Student 
Center Buldlng B. Led by Matt M. and JoN. 

71rurDy. June 2 
• 1Da.m.-12p.m. - Worried about your own 
drinking/drug 11M or that of a friend or loved 
one? Come talk to a trained peer COUIIMIor-no 
preaaure-jUlt information end IUpport. Argo 104. 
Revelle College. (Weekly) 
• 11 :3OrLm.-12:3Op.m.; 1·2p.m.; 2:20-4:2Op.m.-
Wom.n'. PHr Coun •• llng office hour • • 
Women'. R8IOUrC8 Canter. (wMIdy) 
• 12-1p.m. - a.y, ~ .......... indI-
vidual Peer Cou""'1ng wtth IIIrtt - Have a 
qUtllllon? Need • IUppor1Ive enYII ollmant? Drop 
by Warren lit. Bldg. 3250 or cal 534-3987 for an 
.ppolntment with • trained p.ar coun .. lor. 
(weekly) 
• 1 :3O-3p.m_ - Good Grief Group - FOCUMI 
on Ion of a loved one and strengthening copInQ 
skill. led by Robin Reed-Spaulding. 534-3755. 
PIeaee call before coming. (Weekly) 
• 2:30-3:3Op.m. - For anyone dealing with 
food and body hMga ..... pIaMe cxma tIIIk 
to a peer counselor for RED (ReccMrIng from 
EatiIg DIeordera) dumg their new ofIIce houral 
,H&SS 2058. For Info. cal 458-0758. (WNIdy) 
• 4:30-5:3Op.m. - Adult ChIldrM of Alcohol-
Ice Paycho-Educatlonal Support Group -
ConfIdentIal IUpport for students who want to 

ecpIore how growftg up with an alcoholic parent 
hal alfec:ted their adul lives. SaIf-eeteem. famly 
dynamIca. Intimacy and aIcohoIlem wi be CtN-
Ired. Led by Nancy KIng and Ken Cerniglia. Call 
534-3035 for information. Held at Mountain VIew 
Lounge. 
.4:3O-6p.m. - LeabIan and alaaJcual Women'. 
Support Group - Providing. conftcIentiaI and 
supportive environment. Meets WIr'J week. Irvine 
Room. 2nd floor of PrIce Cent •. Call 534-3987 
for more information. (Weekly) 
• 5:30-7p.m. - GnIcIuat. Gay and BlaexuaJ 
Men'. arpport group.- Come out In a friendly 
and conftcIentlal atmoeph ... MeetIng weekly in 
the South Conf. Rm. Student Center Buldlng B. 
Led by Man K. lind Ivan. (wNIdy) 

Frkay, June 3 
• l1a.m.-2p.m. - Woman'. Peer CounMIIng 
office hours. Women'. Resource Center. (wfHIIdy) 
• 12-2p,m. - Come dlecue your concems about 
drug and alcohol u. and abuee will Ken In a 
I8f8 lind welcoming setting II the Fifth CoIege 
R ... ute Annex P_ CouneeIlng 0fIIce. (Weekly) 
• 12-1:3Op.m. - '-AaIM c-nunlty Forum 
- L.d by Jeann. M.n •••• Mountain View 
Lounge. drop-In. 
• 2-4p.m. - AIoohoI and BubeIance Abuee 
Group - Led by Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Call for 
appointment. Revelle PrCMllt Bldg. 
• 4-6p.m. - Campua Black Forum - Led by 
Phil Raphael. 534-0252. Mountain VIew Lounge. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
~""y,Junel 

• &p,m, - End of the r- cook-out sponsored 
by Luth.an Campus Ministry, Wek:omeI Unlver-
.ity Lutheran Church Is located 9595 La Jolla 
Shor .. Drive, near the junction of North Torrey 
PIn .. Road. 
.8p.m, - -How Can I 1Iak.1Iy Faith Per.onal 
and PnIctIcaI?· Preeented by Campus Paetor 
John Huber. Refreehmenta. E\I8ryOM welcome. 
University Lutheran Church Is located 9595 La 
Jolla Shor .. Drive. near the Junction ot North 
Torrey PIn .. Road. 
• 9:3Op,m. - End your day wIIh the reIIec:tive 
UCSO Catholic CommunIty celebllIIIor. of *- 81 
the Univ.rslty Luth.r.n Church. Unlv.r.lty 
I..utheran Church Is located 9685 La Jolla Shor .. 
DrIve. near the jll'lctlon of Nor1h Torrey PInes Road. 

1lNndIy, June 2 
• 3:45p.m. - RetIrement .............. for C-
pu. Palor John Huber at the Faculty Club. 
UCSO. • 

&.Iday, June 5 
• 8:15a.m .• 5.7.Sp.m. - Join the catholic Cam-
munlty by ceI.bratlng lIB. at the Unlver.1ty 
Lutheran Church. Unlwrslty l.uttwWl Church Is 
IocaIed 9595 La Jolla Shorea DrIw. near the junc-
tion of North Torrey PInee Road. 
• 1 0:15a.m. - GraduatIng UCSD Students eric 
Bums. Jane Jarvia. and BrIan Me NevIn wit be 
acIcnowIedged ckwIng the Communion ServIce, AI 
.. weIoorM. UnIvweIty l..uttIIrM Ctvch Ie 10-
cated 111595 La JoIa Shorae DrIw. near the junc-
tion of North Torrey PInes Road. 
• 11 :3Op.m - YIdao: "oet. ReIIgIone In Our 
.... - AI .. weIooma. ~"f L.utharIIn 
Ctvch Is IocaIed 115815 La JoIa __ DrIve. near 
the juncllon 01 North Tonwv ,..,. Road. 
• 2p.m. - The et.nh of _...a. III of LIlt-
.... ... maaII WIrY Sunday In 011 Mer 
II 127011brrey IIuI DrM. 

Tu-t.y, May II, 19M 

BASEBAIJ4 : 
Tritons fall to 
Wesleyan, 5-1 
ContInued from .... 20 
H.wks in check through the first 
seven innings. 

The Tritons took a 2-0 lead into 
the sixtb .nd added three more runs 
to chase starter Keith Glauber from 
the game. DelFavero reached on • 
one-out w.lk and went to second on 
an e:nnt pick-off attempt. O'Brien 
(3-S , 2 RBI) then singled, which 
scored DelFavero . 

RaJl\irez I.ter came through with 
an RBI double, and McKnight's 
fielder's choice brought home the 
third run of the inning. UCSD .dded 
.nother run in the seventh when 
Birk's walk forced Quandt heme to 
stretch the lead to 6-2 . 

The Red Hawks chased Abrams 
(7 IP, 3 ER, 5 H) in the eighth after 
a lead-offwalk. Ryan Ward came in 
to relieveAbrarns but he was touched 
for a Iwo-run homer off the bat of 
Ralph Yezza, narrowing the Triton 
lead 106-4. 

But UCSD and Ramirez weren't 

done scorina. The aenlor 
(3-4, 2 R, 6 RBI), whom 
Y.tea called "one of the 
two best third basemen 
.t the World Seriea," 
capped off. fabu~day 
by hammering. o~ut 
grand sl.m in the top of 
the ninth, his second 
homer of the game. The 
blut was the icing on • 
10-4 Triton victory. 

Ramirez(8-15,2 HR, 
7 RBI), O'Brieo (5-16, 3 
RBI) and DeIF.vero (6-
16,2 RBI) provided most 
of the punch at the pl.te 
for the Tritons, who were 
otherwi~e stymied 
through mucb of the tour-
nament. 

The Triton pitcbing 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

staff, anchored by strong Den McOowetI/Guar1111n 
perform.nces from Ryan FIaNIf,an helped UCSD bMt Wooeter. 
Height, Flanagan, 
Abrams and H.rtmann held up well 
against the competition, sporting a 
2.65 ERA for the series. 

The loss marked Ihe final game 
of Yates' csreer as Ihe Triton skip-

on his experiences at UCSD. 
" I couldn ' l have' wri tten a better 

script at all. I am realizing that I am 
really going to miss these guys," he 
said_ " It felt 8 little odd to tske off 

per, and after the game he reflected that [uniform) for the final time." 

, 

SPORTS 13 

p-----------------------------------~ 

.. 

ONGRATULATIONS 
CHERYL BERGH OLZ MONICA PEFFER 
FELIC IA HALL MAl P ETE RSEN 
TUESDAY HANCOCK ROBYN PO WELL 
CHRISTI NA H O FFMAN KATY RICCI 
DEIDRE HUDSON SYLV IA SFI LI GOI 
JANELL KASMER BECKY SMITH 
MIEKE MALMBERG SARAH THOMPSON 
YOKO MATSUI ROXANNE VERSTE EG H 
KATY NIPPER ERIKA VIAL 

EW INITIATES 

GOD'S ETERNAl.! 
PURPOSE 

Bridging the Eternities 

The Universal Romance 
" ... tlre Spirit and tire bride sa)' 

Come! ... " (Rev 22:17) 
UCSD Price Center 

DavislRiverside Room 
June 3, Fri., 7:30 PM 

Sponoored by ChnsIi., Studonu F.II",,·s'up 

Andou thou t you could only 
a ord macaroni and cheese. 

MM:itrkI LC 575 tv16O, , 
.,."", I/JIII6CU" J(XJi I'IrII C1J.ROM 
.~-~.--

1't1urtkxJt" 165 ~. 

• IlOI\; )W cwkt taI!e Imte me of the ~ best-~ penonaJ notebook romputet They're all powerful, ~ to me and more affordable than 
Thf' Applp Cornpulpr lO.H' 

00IIIpUferS" for imedIbIy kM monthly payments. By 
~ for the Apple CooIputer Loan, )'OIl can 
choose £rom the enUre MacinID5If line or grab a ~ the most popular 

eYe[ hs that si!npe. So, sIqJ by }OOr ~ Campus 
~ for further information. J. 

M be anw.ed what)W can buy on a tight~~. ~_ 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
I II ---'1 J 
I ~ ) I '." •• , « II ( I 

'--



14 

I • 

The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, Ma726, 1994 

~D~~.W~ (j(?1!#: 

$H 
paid for 

BOOKS! 

the 

o Bring your books 
to the tent in front of 

UCSD Bookstore 
Mon-Fri 9-4 & Sat 1 0-4 

June 6-11 
OR to the 

Revelle Sundry Store 
June 8-1 0 I Hrs: 10-3 

L" ,1 ) 
111)(' ...... 11 'til f ~ _ 

help rec~ ! ~ ~ 
TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534-4557 

• 

e;u,~ 
AVAll.AIMe : 

MotJ.- HlIlS. (p -q : 30 
~IMY 4--7 
'7~r. 11- 2. ~ z: ~o- t; : :'>o 
c,;u.N . 1.--<; '! r.:,: ~o - -~ , ~o 

···~m 
NT'UU1TlON··· 

vY:>IT ...,,, UNIVeRSITY CaJTaz. 
~~1~~~EGJ~ 
&;m c:~, ~IINC> VIS Ml-.;81Q'4) 

LET THERE BE NO MISUNDERSTANDING: 

TODAY IS THE DEADLINE 
FOR THE FINAL ISSUE OF 
THE YEAR 12 Noon for display adsl3pm for classifieds First issue in the Fall will be Tues., Sept. 20 There is, however, a "summer savior" . .. 

Tuaday, May 31, 1994 
. The UCSD GuardillD 

TRACK: Tritons 
wrap-up Nationals 8ILD1810LOGY 28 
ContInued from ..... 20 INlROOUCTION TO HUMAN BKX.OGY 
jump with a 10th-place 36'3" mark, 
fell off a bit in distance in the finals, 
garnering a solid )) th-place spot 
with a jump of 36'0". 

"The rest day in between quali-
fying and competing [in the finals] 
didn 't offer enough time to rest for 
some of the athletes," said Salerno. 

While Tara Monaghan also 
wasn 't quite up to par in the hammer 
throw ~nals on Saturday (133'5"), 
she amazingly managed to move up 
to ninth-place overall. She had pre-
viously qualified with a 10th-place 
135') " dislJlnce. 

"The athletes were competing for 
placement," said Salerno. "Their 
maries almost didn 't mailer." 

Despile the somewhat disap-
pointing finish for the Triton 
tracksters, Salerno had nothing but 
praise for his athletes' efforts. 

"We had a good year," Salerno 
said. "Compared to other schools, 
our representation was above aver-
age. l'm not at all disappointed." 

Salerno has good reason to be 
happy. The young nucleus of 
Monahan, Castner, Monaghan and 
Shepard will be back next year. 

"We've got a lot of good recruits 
coming in," said Salerno. "I predict 
that we'll send 14 to ) 6 athletes to 
Nationals in '95." 

AGENT: 'Boys 
are Satan's spawn 
Continued from .... 20 
where it rea II y hurt. 

San Fran also picked up Gary 
Plummer from the Chargers, and 
tried to rebuild a secondary which 
has been reduced to rubble by free 
agency. This is a secondary which 
would make Gino Torretta look 
good. Hell, it has already managed 
to make even the sorriest of NFL 
quarterbacks look like All-Pros. 

It's paybaclc time now. Me and 
all the other 4ger maniacs who have 
been in hiding since last January 
can't wait to jump all over every 
sucker in a Dallas cap. We're wait-
ing for that fateful day in mid-De-

~mber when San Francisco will 
dispatch "the Boys" in as humiliat-
ing a manner as possible. 

I can't afford to see the game in 
person and I may not be able to 
identify the players on our side of 
the line, but I'll enjoy watching my 
Niners pound the living crap out of 
those Cowgirls. Dallas, we owe you. 
And thanks to free agency, we' re 
finally going to give you a taste of 
your own medicine. 

MONDAY 

June 27-Juty 29 (5 weeks) 

A basic ccxxse for non-mcjors In 
hU'non biology and health fflof 
Includes basic biochemistry and 

nulrfffon. 
Credit allowed for biology minors. 

Mldrid 
AmstcrdIm 
London 
8rusHIs 

• .... 1 fares arc toCh Wr( bas<d on • rlXMldtrop 
=-~~.:!~Wt.<AII 
........ IaRd ..... ".,, 

Council Travel 
UCSD Pric~ (enter (by the Post Office) 
()pin Iian., Tift, nus.. FII. 9-5 hi., 1~~ SIt 1M 

to grab great deals on UCSD necessities such as auto 
repair, car. washing, ph'?tocopring, graduation portraits, 
CD trade-IRS, opt,?metnc serviceS, $3.00 pitchers, hair-
cuts, .$1.50 caPUCClDOS, su~er storage facilities, testing 
serVices, funk clothlD and izza coup-ons 

Headache Sufferers Wanted 
Don't be one of the 45 miHion 
ehIonIc IIeadacIIe suffetets - help is 
MIIIIIIt. Dr. ....... CIII put 
heIIth bltk in your life. cIIir.".1Ic 
truImeftt and telliCf1ment of tile 
spine his prowen very effecti¥e in the 
relief of migraine and stressofelated 
lleadaclles. 
CIIII •• 1Ic l iso effectively hetps 
• Auto, WOIk and sports injuries 
• SIck, neck and joint pain 
• FIIi&ut. immune 5rs\em disorders 
I FREE INnw. EXAMI I c-.l1'I' __ . 

8899 UIIMftItr Center Une, ... 110 ~!S II La .loiii VII .... DIM 55~1~M)1 

~~~ Graduate c~,~:;"'J CJ>ortraits ~fr· Your parent. helped you pi tbroup IIC:bool 
,- I to P"Iduation. 

•• They deae"e a vaduation portnit. 

••• Eapeeially .iDee you can charr it to _ credit card! 

TU£SDAY 

COIIteIIperarJ .... ,.,ra,.' 
convenumtly located in La. Joll4 

For an appointment call: 
4S.-e.S. OR 4Se-2955 

WEDNESDAY 
MONDAY · OUR FAMOUS 2C¥ BLACKIRED 
MADNESS WING NIGHT STEIN NIGHT 

$1.00 Pizza DIta f'-., .... ..... .. of bNw tor $5 
Jpm"doIt $2 PINT NIGHT (Sl ..... UCID ID) $1.00 11-oz. ..... from 7 pm d .. 1 ... S2 ...... ~ .... 
7pm"doIt hili 7 

. VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO .. COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVI CE 

SPORTS 15 

EXTENDED WEAR 

~$139 
specials include lenses, 
exam, ~r. kil and 
IoIoW visit. 

• PIIscIIrnoHs I'IWD 
• GIAssis DUPUCATID 
• COMN1I m EXAM5 

• No AII'OINTMENI NlCESSAIY 
51 HAllA fpAHOt 

,. •• 

3 \ I'lc COPIES with ad '8 ;'I i : wf1 te paper , 

3211 Holiday Court (next to Domino's PIzza) 452·9949 
H 0 U R 5 M T h 10 8 FlO 6 SAT 10 1 . EoI' {, 30 9 .. 

with UCSO 10 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

. dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General , Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

/l ( /II.I'lI/.j'rimtf(, otIllUlpiJ ... y • .I1e.d"T .~/)A . CDA .. \JX:DS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER. 
8950 VIUA LA JOUA DL, Sum 2103 
To! Flu.,. Iliff bd' ;'l/l Ilu £l rpllnNI /ln l' 

558·3490 
£rW;UIJJ &' SIII,mlll' 
A;PO;IIII~rulS Arnifnbie 

t 

'. 



I . -

16 ClASSlFIEDS 

Attorney needs j;art-t lme 
secretary. Salana Beach. 
Approx 8 hrs/wk. Word Perfect 
5.1. Flexible hrs. $6.00/hr. 
259-1333. Call Mr. Joe 
Auerbach - 9:30-12:00 (5.31-
6/2) 
EARN $50.00 in f ille min. 
from your home phone. Call 
310 - 475 - 5911 / leave 
message. (5/ 26·6/ 2 ) . 
PEER COUNSELOR positions 
available fall quarter 
(pending budget approval) 
with Alcohol/Substance 
Abuse, Women ' s and 
Lesbian/Gay Bisexaul Peer 
Programs . See job #s 
902 .330, .331 , and .332 at 
Career Services . (5/31-6/ 
2) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
nicession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Apparel Zone MirIl/ll8l .... 450·3324 
Buffalo Exchange ..... •. .. 273-6227 
Falrmalr's ............... ...... 222-0220 

UCSD EATS. DRINKS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Domino·s .................... .. 452-UCSD 
Harry's cafe, La Jolla ..... 454-7381 
Java House CoIIIVerdI ..... 457.JAVA 
Just Bean Counters ..... 587-1228 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
Papachino's, w CoIonv .... .. 546-7666 
UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto (MinIN.-) . 695·1990 
Robert·s, Mission Bay ..... 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Creative Cuts ............... 530·0590 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
We care Halr ............... 587-CUTT 

UCSD HEALTH a RTNESS 
Being Fit Clairemont Sq ..... 483-9294 
Family Planning ....... .... 535-1379 
Heme Care ................... 682-5252 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1007 
European Cyclery ........ 550-1355 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
CIaask:aI Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. Selby, 0 .0 . .. ... .. .... .. 578-6796 

UCSDMUSIC 
Music Trader, Minmar .... 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCIDCOPIES 
Cal Copy, Holiday Ct. .. 452·9849 
Klnko's, W Village ........ 457-3775 
Zebra Copy .................. 457·1007 

UCSD 1II1ING 
HyperIeamlng ............... 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-&488 
Stanley Kaplan 1-600 KAP-TEST 
Prtnceton Re\/Iew ......... 558-0500 

UCSDBEERS 
La Jolla BrewIng Co . .. .. 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 

UCSDETC. 
St. GennIIn', ............... 456-1414 
Bob o.Yis c-. ......... 458-7355 

Campus Recreation Is hiring 
swim instructors to teach all 
levels this summer. Must have 
WSI, SPR, and First Ald. 
Contact Tricia Govln at 534-
4037. (5/31-6/2) 
Looking for attentlnve person 
to care for our good-natured 
eleven month old boy for 10-
15 hours per week. $7 an hour 
792-7391. (5/31-6/2) 
Earn $50.00 in five min. from 
your home phone. Call 310-
475-5911/leave message. 
(5/31-6/2) 
E Street Alley, San Diego's 
newest night club/restaurant 
now hiring cocktail servers + 
hostesses. Apply in person 
Tuesday·Friday 10-4p.m. Call 
for interview 231-9200. Corner 
of 4th St. and E Street. (5/31-
6/2) 
Childcare needed in Poway 
home. Ulle-out, non-smoker, 
English speaking. Own 
tansport. Part-time, flexible 
hours. 679-0485. (5/31-6/2) 
Child Care. Mid-June thru 
August. Del Mar beach area . 
One seven year old boy. Own 
transportation. $6.00/hr. (5/ 
31-6/2) 
THE NATION'S LEADER IN TEST 
REPARATION SEEK DYNAMIC 
INSTRUCTORS FOR THE SAT, 
LSAT, AND MCAT PROGRAMS. 
EVERGY, ENTHUSIUASM, AND 
HIGH TEST SCORES A MUST. 
CALL 558-0500 2-4P.M., M-F. 
STARTING PAY $12/HR. , 10-
12 HRS.jWK. (5/31) 

F()I( S.\LE 
FOR SALE: 6'2 " RUSTY 
SURFBOARD $75; Full Suit/ 
Small $50; Vacuum cleaner 
w/all tools + 4 bags $60; 
Three way floor lamp $30; 
obo. 587-8672. Robert. (5/ 
16-6/2) 
FOR SALE: BED (queen 
size futon frame + queen 
mattress) $50 ; Ceramic 
floor stand lamp $25 ; 
cordless phone $30; 
cordless phone w/answer-
ing machine $45; Answer-
ing machine $20; CoiorTV 
$50; VCR $35; closed-cap-
tion machine $75; Micro-
wave oven $40; desk $25; 
desk lamp $5;. obo . 275-
2013. (5/16-6/2) 
1989 Elite 80 scooter. Great 
summer transportation! Ex-
cellent condition. $700 obo, 
inc. helmet. CALL 622-9595. 
(5/16-6/2) 
Diamond Back mtn. bike 
$200, oak desk $70, book-
case $40, Sony 5 CD carou-
sel $80, amp $30, 4 speak-
ers $30 - Call 459-3090. (5/ 
31-6/2) 
Special design wall unit for 
Warren Aprtms. light-
weight, fits around Warren 
desk, collapsible, w/bltn. 
board, deskspace doublesl 
$100 obo. 558-6053. (5/ 
19-6/2) 
Mac SE 4/40 w/keyboard, 
mouse Be thousands in sOft-
war ! Macwrlte, Word, Ex-
cel, Macpaint, Macdraw + 

Summer Japanese Study 
Intcuive 6-wk program al Lewis A 
Oark CoIJep in PortIIIId, OR July 18-
AuJ 28. Earn 12 quarter bn. SI\Idy 
I ..... (all levels) A cuJl1Ue with JIpa-
_ SI1IdeaIS on theme "Nal1Ue A the 
EnvilOllllle1ll" Three-day wilcle~ 
program included. Prior laoguage 
lllUdy IHIL required. 
OnaoWlIPII SuIIHr ......... 
222 SW Columbia, Suite 17.50 
Ponlud, OR 97201 
lCl (.503) 223-7938 Fu (so:!) 223-7946 

11ae vcsn Guard .... 

much morel $350. 453- 89 4d. Toyota Camry, $4300. 
7949. (5/23-5/31) 535-0765 Kim. (5/23-5/31) 
CONVERTIBLE - Red '67 large, frost-free, white refrig-
Datsun Roadster, Hard/soft erator. Excellent condition . 
tops, beat but dependable, Avail. June, only $75. Call 
hurryl $950/offer. Rob 270- Jenny: 552-9119. (5/31) 
3095. (5/23-5/31) 
BMW 318 ' 84 . Silver w/ 
sunroof, runs great. New parts. 
$6500. Call 558-6617. (5/ 
23-6/2) 
Mountain Bike: 19" navy blue 
Huffy Thunder Road, excellent 

486-25 Mhz, 180MB HD, 3.5 " 
+ 5.25· drives, SVGA monitor, 
1MB display card , 4MB RAM , 
mouse, fax/modem. AmiPro , 
WordPerfect , Desktop , 
QUicken, and ore. $800, call 
558-7370. (5/31-6/2) 

condition , $100. Call 558· FOR SALE: 2 Eagle tlx - 9th row 
7361 evenings. (5/23-6/2) floor! Call 942·7550. (5/31-
SUN FEST TICKETSI Femmes, 
James, Charlatans, Toad, 
Rollins, Church, Smithereens, 
more. June 12th. RYAN: 270-
0429. (5/23-6/2) 

6/2) 
1991 Yamaha Riva Jog with 
Kryptonite lock and basket, 
low mileage. $400 obo. Call 
587-0530. (5/31-6/2) 

Scooter: Honda Elite 250. Low ' 
mileage. Includes cover and 2 600 watt microwave turntable . 
helmets. Excellent Condition. Good condition. $85. Call 558-
$900/obo. Call 558-1954. (5/ 0899. (5/31-6/2) 
23-6/2) 

Surfboard - Great summer fun! 
Just in time for summer! FIRM Good beg. board for sale. 
UP and lose FAT in just 3 6'10" Channel Islands All 
weeksl Try the 1st patented Merrick Design. Includes leash 
Body Toning Cream for just and board bag. Asking $150 
$30. Call 455-5974. Lealie or best offer Eddie 622"-0966. 
message. Free deliveryl (5/ (5/31) 
23-5/31) ---------

FREE CHEESECAKEII (w/pur-
IBM Compatible Computer chase Raleigh · Capri " 12-
$100. Panasonic KX-1123 speed $110, Imagewriter II 
Printer $150, Original pack- $90 or must-sell items 554-
ing, manual, and cables. 458- 0141/558-3683.) (5/31-6/2) 
9114. (5/26-6/2) 

MOTORCYCLE FOR SALEI 
'85 Civic, 4spd, run-good, 1980 Honda CX500. In great 
180K, $995. Also, 486DX33, condition, only $900. Call 270-
32MEG RAM $1375. Call John 3425. (5/31-6/2) 
485-2525 or 453-4723. 

MAZDA RX7-GSL 1983 blue, 
sunroof, power windows, cas-
sette equalizer, leather, 
great condition, $2950/of-
fer. Keith 535-1734. (5/26· 
6/2) 
Surfboards, $30.00 each, no 
dings, good condition . Wetsuit, 
excellent condition, $50.00. 
Cali Mike 552-0920. (5/26-
6/2) 
Rip Curl Products: LG. 3/2 
Insulator Full $100, almost 
new. LG . 2/2 Insulator Full 
$75 . LG. 2/2 Insulator SIS 
Full $50. Wet/Dry Backpack 
$20 . 552-0920. (5/26-5/ 
31) 
'77VWCamper. Sleeps 4. Gua-
temalan interior. New starter, 
alternator. AM/FM Cassette. 
$2,500. 692-9419. (5/26-6/ 
2) 
Video Cassette Player $75 (4 
mo. old), Brother Word Pro-
cessor w/box $95, Oak Book 
Case $50, Magnavox Record 
Player w/box $25. Call 587-
9391. (5/26-6/2) 
1981 Honda Civic hatchback. 
Runs great. $1000. Call 296-
8608 or 534-6808 (or email 
carman@csli.stanford.edu). 
(5/26-5/31) 
1973 VW Beetle. Rebuilt en-
gine, new transmission, runs 
great. $900. Call 296-8608 or 
534-6808 
(carman@csJ.i.stanford.edu). 
(5/26-5/31) 
PA SYSTEM, Peavey XM4, 4 
channels, 150 watts, 2 12-
inch speakers w/woofers, 
perfect condition, we'll throw 
In mic. stands, only $800, 
call Dave or Bill 294-6890. 
(5/31-6/2) 

FURNITURE BLOWOUTI New 
bed, tables, TV etc. Graduat-

in~, must sell. You name the 
pnce!755-3565. (5/26-5/31) 
One full bed (mattress, frame), 
good condition , 9 months o!d, 
must sell. $100.00. Natnsila 
@ 272-9674. (5/31) 

For Rent: University City 
Playmor Condos: 4-bedrvom 2 
bath, $1495; 3-bedroom, 2.5 
bath, $1275. July 1. QUiet. 
454-6462 . (4/21-5/31) 
THREE FEMALE ROOMMATES 
wanted to share University 
City house beainning June 
1st. $275-$33:;, per month 
plus 1/4 utilities. Quiet, 
friendly environment. Call Jill 
at 558·5938. Own room allail-
able. (4/25-6/2) 
Summer sublet, 2 singles ($300 each) and 1 double 
($210 per person) 1.5 bath, 
washer/dryer, near supermar-
ket ",nd busline. 1/4 utility. 
Call Ricky at 622-09al . (5/5-
6/2) 
3 bedroom condo covailable 
September 1, near UTC, UCSD. 
$1140/month. Call Nina 792-
6453 .. (5/9-6/2) 
Tired of CONDO HEll? MOVE 
TO HILLCRESTI Single room. 
$270/mo. Beg. T/1. Two 
blocks to free lJCSD shuttle. 
Non-smoking, female, grad-
student/professionals pre-
ferred. Friendly feminist house-
hold. 293-3237. (5/16-6/2) 
Roommate needed for June-
Dec. La Cima apartment near 
UCSD. $232/month + 1/4 
utils. Joel 587·8867. (5/16-
5/31) 

Large L-shaped desk, $100, Female roommate wanted: own 
tall bookshelf, $40 obo, you room/bath, $400/mo., no dep. 
come get 'em, call David 294- or lease. Call Alison at 453-
6890. (5/31-6/2) 3752 (evenings). (5/16-6/2) 
BMW 318 '84. Si llier w/ 
sunroof. Runs great. New 
parts. $6500. Call558-6617. 
(5/31) 
Rollerblades. women's size 
7.5, practically btand new. 
$50. Cali 558-6617. (5/31) 

Wanted: Female non-smoker, 
quiet, neat and responsible to 
share 1 master bedroom in La 
Regencla. Available late Sep-
tember 1994. Rent $265 + 1/ 
3 utilities. Cali 558-3715. If 
want a Single , rent $450. (5/ 
16-6/2) 

TueMlay, May 31. 1994 

Scripps Ranch HOME TO 
SHARE 4 br, 2.5 baths, spa, 
qulet-country setting, sunny 
patio, secluded & private, 2 
rooms @ $350 each per mo. 
695-8462. (5/16-6/2) 
Furnished room, private bath, 
spacious condo, walk/UCSD, 
$350, 1/4 utilities, available 
7/1,Call 450-9330 or 455-
9809. (5/16-6/2) 
FREE UTILITIES! Furnished 2 
bedroom/2bath condo only 
$690/mo. Clairemont sum-
mer/yearly. Chris 272-8758, 
leave message. (5/16-6/2) 
WANTED: Summer sublease. 
Del Mar, La Jolla, University 
City. One or two bedroom. 
Wendy 458-9581. (5/19-5/ 
31) 
Two people needed to sublet 
double room near UTC for sum-
mer. $200/person. 453-
7618. (5/19-6/2) 
Working student looking to 
share apt. or rent room close 
to La Jolla Shores. 459-8322. 
(5/19-5/31) 
SUMMER SUBLET - Large, 

~ingle. Furnished room. Near 
school, shopping, bus route. 
Available June i5-Sept. 15. 
You pay only for July and Au· 
gustl $370 plus 1/4 utilities. 
Call Jason 546-1017. (5/19-
6/2) 
Need 1-2 roommates for my 
furnished apartment as of 6/ 
1.3. Close to school and very 
nice. You choose length of 
stay; until end of June, July or 
August. $350/mo. Chris 453-
5062. (5/16-6/2) 
La Jolla Colony: Female non-
smoker. Large master bed-
room w/bath. QUiet, safe . 
$425 + 1/2 util. 455-1770. 
(5/19-6/2) 
Female roommate wanted 
(non-smoking) to share mas· 
ter bedroom in luxury Renais-
sance apt. with 3 friendly and 
considerate female students. 
Near UTC, washer/dryer and 
gated garage. $260+ 1/4 utili· 
ties. Start June/July. Call 587-
4767. Ask for Jenny. (5/19-6/ 
2) 
ROOMMATE WANTED - HOUSE 
IN SOLANA BEACH. Own BR, 
share bath, non-smoker, great 
yard, close to beach,l/4 utili-
ties, $310/mo. Available 6/ 
10. AI or Nick 25~6993. ~5/ 
19-5/31) 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME - UCSD 
Staff and Student DISCOUNTS. 
Great financing. Near UCSD. 
1,2 brs $120,Ooos+ & 3brs 
$150,000+. Condos to luxury 
homes-serving La Jolla, Unili. 
City, Mira Mesa, Del Mar, Pa· 
cific Bch, Clairemont. Need to 
SELL, see what 11 YEARS EX-
PERIENCE can dol RE/Max 
Assoc. Judith Haddox, Real-
tor. 619-27S-2618. (5/23-6/2) 
House-Rent Sept-June $1660/ 
mo. 4br, 3ba. North Bayside 
Mission Beach near Catama-
ran Hotel. Furnished, maid. 
27S-2618. (5/23-6/2) 
$300/mo. own room, share 
bath. 4-bed. townhouse Univ. 
Woods. Avail June 18. 597-
0742. Fun, casual, studious. 
(5/23-5/31) 
SUMMER SUBLET. Genesse 
Highlands. $333.33, washer/ 
dryer, parking, near bus, UTC, 
Costa Verde. 458-1466. (5/ 
23-6/2) 
Own room in quiet UTC 
townhouse for neat female 
non-smoker. Available 6/12. 
$300 + 1/3 utilities. 62S-
8315. (5/23-6/2) 
Fem. grad looking for own room 
- apt. to share w/fem grad. 
Aug. 15-June '94. Call 753-
9439. (5/23-5/31) 

TUNday, January 14, 1991 

Summer roommate NEEDED -
Male roommate needed to 
share large master bedroom 
(furnished). Near UTC with 
washer/dryer, pool, jacuzzi, 
fitness room, gated pa~lng. 
$275/mo. CaTt Scott 587-
0441. (5/23-5/31) 
HOUSE FOR RENTI 4 bedrooms 
& 2 bathrooms, everything 
comes with it. Very reason-
able rate. Only 10mins. from 
UCSD. Close to shopping cen-
ter, bus & park. Please call 
545-4005. Ming, evening 271-
6944. (5/23-6/2) 
Free room and board in ex-
change for tutoring 15yr old 
boy. Carlsbad area. 431-9479. 
(5/23-6/2) 

Female roommate wanted . 
Cool room in cool house .-
Hillcrest. Rent $280. Avail. 6/ 
1. Ph. 296-4303. (5/26-6/2) 
SUMMER SUBLET: Master 
bedroom with bathroom in 3 
bedroom condo . Washer/ 
dryer, pool, near to UTC and 
busroute to campus. $450/ 
month (or $225 per person to 
share) + 1/3 utilities. Avai lable 
June 15 for non-smoker only. 
Cali Christine or Karen at 558-
4542. (5/26-6/2) 
La Jolla Colony. Need two 
people to share master bed-
room in three bedroom condo. 
$280 each. Available June 12 
or ?, flexible. Summer sublet 
or thru next year. Rent for July 
and August is discounted, 
$230 each. Garage available. 
Washer/ dryer. Nonsmoking, 
M/F, 622-0929. (5/26-5i31) 

FOR SUMMER: Quiet, respon-
sible, clean, non-smoker fe-
male to share master in Re-
naissance (UTC) 3 bdrm. apt. 
Move in neg. (6/15-7 / 1) 
$280/ mth. + 1/ 4 util. Tracy 
450-3192, Sherri 546-8464. 
(5/ 26-6/ 2) 

~oommates Wanted. Two bed-
rooms . $3 50/ month each . 
Available summer/year. Near 
UTC. Cali 455-1322. (5/26-
'''/ 2) 
:.;outh Mesa unfurnished bed-
room in nicely furnished apart-
ment. 6/25-8/30. Rent and 
dates negotiable. 450-0484. 
(5/26-5/31) 

S'Jblet - UTC Area: mid-June to 
September; own room @ $328 
+ 1/3 utilities; 457-9753. (5/ 
26-6/2) 

fummer Sublet - Own room, 
pool, laundry, very close to 
iJCSD. Available early July, 
$335/month. 622-1977. (5/ 
16-5/31) 
Summer sublet available June 
1 '1 $315 + 1/3 utilities. Close 
' " UCSD. Call Heidi @ 450-
1 .. 205. (5/26-5/31) 
Beach House: Three rooms 
available on August 1. Mas-
ter: oceanlliew, balcony, pri-
vate bath: $465. Other rooms: 
shared bath: $350. Kitchen, 
laundry, tons 0 ' storage. Share 
with 3 other grad students, 1 
block from ocean, 2 miles from 

main campus, 1 block from 
feee bus stop. Great for SIO. 
la Jolla Shores. Noo-smoker, 
no pets. 551-9589. (5/26-6/2) 
BAY PARK/ SO. CLAIREMONT. 
Fumished bedroom, female, 
utilities paid. Share large home 
with single mom and 2 chil-
dren. $300. 276-1147. (5/ 
26-5/31) 
La Jolla Townhouse, near U 
Village Square - 3 bedroom, 
2.5 bath, pool, jacuzzi, 
washer/dryer, 2-car garage. 
$1300/mo. Nina 792-6453. 
(5/26-6/2) 

Roommate wante,d for sum-
mer (and next year). Own room 
in a 3Bdrm condo (UTC). 2 
min. to bus stop. $315 + util. 
Available July 1st. Must see. 
Reza 587-8980. (5/26-6/2) 

SEH\'ICES 
Violin/Viola lessons. You or 
your child(ren) can learn from 
an experienced, professional 
teacher. Now accepting 
students- all ages and levels 
welcomel Ask about summer 
rates. Call Conrad: 466-0525. 
(3/28-6/2) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (10; 25-6/2) 
Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers , theses , 
books, letters, applications. 
Confidential/Accurate/Fast 
service. Mary Ann 452-9439. 
(3/28-6/ 2) 
One-day word processing and/ 
or editing. Over 25 years 
experience. Professional writer 
with over 350 credits. Also 
offer tutoring , cri t iquing, 
eth ical ass istance with most 
writing projects. In Carlsbad. 
966-1641. (4/25-6/2) 
One-day word processing and/ 
or ed it ing. Over 25 years 
experience. Professional writer 
with over 350 cred its. Also 
offer tutoring, critiquing , 
ethical assistance with most 
writing projects. In Carlsbad. 
966-1641. (4/25-6/2) 
WORD PROCESSING : 
Dissertations , Theses; 
CASSETIE TRANSCRIPTION; 
QUALITY laser printer, FAX 
Modem, reasonable rates ; 
451-0130, Beth. (5/12-6/2) 
LEARN TO FL YII Special UCSD 
student rates. Intro-Iesson 
$35with student/staffID. Call 
960-6084. (5/12-6/2) 
Word processing/audio 
transcription. Professional . 
Personable. Very skilled. 
Graduate + research & book 
publication background. 221· 
0030. (~/23-6/2) 
MOVING? I'll clean your 
apartment/condo while you 
move out. Call Heidi at 484· 
9302. (5/23-6/2) 

STRESS MANAGEMENT MOTI-
VATIONAL COUNSELOR. Ex-
ams - Papers - Problems . 
Stress, Depression, Relation-
ships. Free Consultation. For 
Appointment: 622-9515. (5/ 
26-6/2) 

The VCSD Guardian 

\\ \\'1 1<1) 
EARN CASH OR MOVIE TICK· 
ETS FOR RESEARCH PARTICI-
PATIONI English-speaking col-
lege men needed for PhD study 
in psychology. Sessions take 
45 minutes. Help me finish 
graduate school! Call Carrie , 
evenings, 527-0776. (5/2-6/ 
2) 
EARN $100.00 . Subjects 
wanted for a study on alcohol 's 
effects. If you are a Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean, American· 
born male, call Scripps 
Research Institute for more 
information. 554-7240. (4/14-
6/2) 
Healthy Adults , ages 30-55, 
needed for a 2-3 hour eyeblink 
study at UCSDMC (Hillcrest). 
S5/hr. Call 543-2314. (5/ 2-
5/31) 
WINNING LOGO FOR ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT COLLEGE . 
Deadline to submit designs: 
June 15, 1994 (Provost 
Eleanor Roosevelt College , 
mail code 0069). Information 
flyers at 412 UCtr. (5/16-6/2) 
THAI LANGUAGE TUTOR 
needed. Native Thai speaker 
preferred. Call Jeff 688-9609 
eves/wknds. (5/19-6/2) 
WOMEN 41-59, NOT ON 
HORMONES, NEEDED FOR 
HEALTH CARE ATTITUDES 
STUDY. TAKES ONE HR. 599· 
3323. (5/ 19-6/ 2) 
Healthy volunteers ages 18 to 
45 years old are needed to 
participate in a UCSD Medical 
Center study examining the 
effect of sound on the eyebllnk 
reflex and on bra in waves. 
Compensation will be pro-
vided . Call 543-2494 for infor-
mation. (5/23-6/ 2) 
LOST \ \ J) FOl \ J) 
FOUND: WATCH . BESIDE WAR-
REN ENGINEERING BLDG . 
LOST BY WOMAN ON BIKE. 
CALL TO IDENTIFY + CLAIM. 
(5/19-6/2) 

I' E H ~ ( ):\ :\ ItS 
Lisa, I met you and your friend 
Barbara in Rosarito over break. 
Had a great time and I am 
sorry I missed you at Orteya' s. 
I want to get in contact. Ted 
Murphy - 714-721-1161. (4/ 
7-6/2) 
IPI KAPPA PHI! (5/16-6/2) 
Caroline, things are happening 
so fast I just don't know what 
to do. From the time we met. I 
knew something good was 
going to happen, but I never 
expected this. I hope you never 
regret a thing -Lost in 
Paradise. (5/16-6/2) 
Tina, I couldn't help but notice 
those beautiful baby blues 
from across the room at Carlos 
Murphy's last weekend. I don't 
think I can go on without you. 
(5/31·6/2) 
Zander - Ever since you cut 
your hair, I've been wondering 
about taking you out to lunch 
or something. How about it? 
Nadya. P.S. You're paying. (5/ 
31) 

The Last Gusrclsn of Sprins Quarter 
. TuescJau. JwMt 2. 

CLASSIFIEilS 17 

S D 

( . 

Tune ups now 
$30 fon-Iy 135 

FREEw ......... JNI~ 
R.palrCla ... . 

Meet at 5:30 behind the shop. 



, . 

r • 

18 SPORTS 

ROBERT"S 
AUTO 

GERMAN, SWEDISH, • .IAP~ESI cARS 
CHEROKEE, MINIVANS, LIGHT TRUCKS 

AI Work FuIJ ........... '....,.TrIInId .... 1IIItI 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

PEOPlL VJ}fo KNow 
~EVAOOUNE' 

~------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs * with this coupon 

• Students, f8CUlly IIId 118ft willi VIIIcI UCSO 10 • 
• Elrcept motor rod tr.wnIUIon owetIIeUI. NoC VIIIcI willi tII1l11Nf CIDUIIOf1. 

~~~ Kound Table f'11Z8 
INTRAMURAl. TUM OF DIE WEll 
umn. CIII 'r I11III a ( 
This _k's Team Of The Wee1. Batler's Up, r.oIy hod 10 earn dle 
aNOrd. They were ",seeded and gMln no chance 10 win the cham~ 
onship. They hod 10 ploy os ~ eomes in the pIa)dJs os !hey did in 
the regular S8OSOI't, Ond the plo)dts _ 'only one -l b mole. 
moilers WOfS8!hey _ playing the lop ..Md 180m in the pIayoIh, 
the Big Sticks. BlA they played the Big S!idcs tough as !hey - Hed ':'P 
in the lost inning 9·9. They must have knoNn this game mel the b'9 
Team Of The Week aNOrd os hy erupted for Ihrw runs 10 win the 

12·9. Congrots on a great seasonl 

Lhellseo Foster, Carolyn 
Brodi Roins, Areil Rojos, Bryon Kyte,.... OCSO 
Dove Morehouse. . WIaab 

Considering the ~ is 
due tomolTOW, aren't ~u 
glad we're open all night? 

You wanlto make SIR yow project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll JIObabIy be working (J\ itlBltil 

the mime it's due, it's agool thing we nevernln in. 

La Jolla 
884;;i57o:ai'775) 

Pacific Beach 
1834 G.-nel Avenue 
,.1]-1152 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

o-cno/~'" 
When complete, the main lobby of the RIMAe complex will .... to the cnemoul -WIt room. 

UNDER CONSTRUcnGN: Work near completion on the gargantuan $33.5 
million recreational athletic facility; Early-October grand opening still a possibility 
ByG,..WreM 
Senlot Staff Writer 

There is really no . way to overstate the size of the 
main arena in the still-under-oonstruction RIMAC fa-
cility, but rest assured that if Miramar Naval Air Station 
ever needs a place to run an air show in the event of rain, 
RIMAC would be the place to go. 

After months of snarling traffic near the 
supercomputer center, the grand opening of the contro-
versial athletic complex is now a defi-
nite Jight- albeit a little dim - at the 
end of the tunnel. "We' re hopeful that it 
will be ready in early October," said 
UCSD Director of Campus Recreation 
Chuck Gormley on Friday. 

The facility is constructed as two 
connected halves, the arena, the section 
closest to Warren College and every-
thing else. 

The main entrance to RIMAe will 
open into a two-story lobby with the 
stairs leading up to offices for the Athletic Department, 
the Recreation Department and the Sports Facilities 
Department. Most students, however, will remain on 
the ground floor, where an I.D. scanner connected to the 
Registrar'S computer will determine whether or not you 
have paid your fees and deserve to be let in. 

The first room is the weight room - a 12,000-
square foot weight room. As a basis for comparison, the 
Canyonview weight room is 1,500 
square feet, while the RIMAC free· 
weight area alone is 3,000 square feet. 
The center of the RIMAC room is a 
sunken floor that can be cordoned off 
as "assignable space," allowing sports 
teams or classes to work out with sepa-
rate equipment at the same time that 
recreational lifters are pumping iron. 

Beyond the weight room are three 
activity rooms that will feature such 
amenities as wooden floors. mirrored 
and padded walls, and removable floor 
mats for classes ranging from dance to 
aerobics to martial arts. 

The first of RIMAC's two gyms, 

teams will no longer have to trek to the Spanos locker 
rooms. 

The RIMAC Arena is, for lack of a better word, 
immense squared-big enough to have its own weather. 
Three levels of the recreational section lead into the 
arena, the floor space of which measures around 40,000 
square feet, more than enough for the five basketbalV 
volleyball courts. There will be 4,000 bleacher seats and 
room for 800 more on the floor for other events, such as 

concerts. The locker and visiting-
team rooms areonly astaircase away, 
as are the training and media rooms 
and a combination conference room/ 
clubhouse known as the green room. 

In addition, a separate entrance 
and box office opens directly into the 
arena to be used for events such as 
Triton basketball games, concerts and 
lectures. 

RIMAe bas been and will con-
tinue to be a source of controversy at 

UCSD throughout the forseeable future. However, 
Gormley said he hopes the opening will put that to rest. 
"We asked the students what they wanted and then acted 
on that," he said. "Some students arc going to object, and 
that's fair. But I don't think anyone will be able to walk 
through it and not say that this is a good thing for 
UCSD." 

Gormley added that eventually he would like to see 

cleverly named the RIMAC Gym, is 0- Oto/a-rIM 
smaller than thezcppelin-hangar-sized Recrullon DIrector Chuck GonnIer points out the new ........ 
RIMAC Arena, but is bigger than the existing Main RIMAe as a campus centerpiece. "I hope it will bring 
Gym. It boasts two courts, either basketball or volley- people together, sort of like the Price Center. You go 
ball, but has no bleachers. Designed with numerous there to eat and you come here to play." 
complaints from indoor-soccer enthusiasts in mind, the The facility's price taa. S33.5 million, means that 
RIMAC Gym is slightly oval-shaped so that there are students will face a S70-a-quarter fee hike beginning 
no pesky comers to infuriate tbe soccer denizens. In next year. Gormley acknowledges another hike will 
addition, all oftM doors arc flush with the wallsand the sting in this financially·sensitive climate, but defends 
goal nets will be hung within recessed doorways so lhat RIMAC by pointing out the facility's benefits to the 
the ball will no longer get hung up behind the net. students who will pay for most of it. "RIMAC will be 

Below the RIMAe Gym are eight raquetball and available to a lot of people, but our first priority will 
two squash courts as well as the main locker rooms and always be students," he said. 
four visiting-team rooms with lockers and showers. "Without a football team, I hope that RIMAC may be 

The other entrance to this section of the building a rallyina point for this campus. Instead of 10,000 
opens from the ground level of the adjacent North peoplesittingaround, watching 11 guys play, we'll have 
Campus Recreation fields so that soccer and IOftball 10,000 people playing that nobody wants to watch." 

Tueeda,.IIa,31. 1994 The UCSD Guardian 19 

1993-9~ ASUCSO Council 
Jolene Aguilar 
LoRen Antoine 
Ruth Baily 
Dan Brandon 
Paul8rehme 
Jim Carruthers 
Anna CaIaIanotto 
John Christensen 
Tom Colley 

Ma~Davis 
Bob DeAndrea 
PaulOeWine 
Rich Dobson 
YYOnne Elissondo 
Paul Eylcamp 
Michael Foulks 
yolanda Garcia 
Greg Gee 

Judi Griffith 
Sherry Hayward 
Van Jahnes-Smith 

~Jay 
Allen Louison 
Cecelia Lucero 
Mike Martinez 

~Mason 
Jessica Nathanson 
Bruce Pearson 
Lynne Peterson 
Howie Ripes 
Alan Shapiro 
Fred Smith 
Linda Slack 
Marcia Strong 
Roni Sukenik 
Tom Tucker 
George Williams 

SMmt V REGENT'S RERJNDS 

The ASUCSO is obligated 10 refund UCSO undergraduate students a small portion of 
their $13.5O/quar1er activity fee, in order 10 = with the Smith v Regents court 
ruling for subsidizing political, religious, and . ical organizations from Winter 
Quarter 1989 tIvough Fall Quarter 1993. 

Anestimatedtotalyearlyamountwillbeapproximately$4.00/yearor$1.37/quarter. 
The ASUCSD will not· be refunding )'OUr entire $13.50 per quarter. 
If you were a student enrolled during Winter Quarter 1989 through Fall Quaner 1993, 
you are eligible for a refund. . 

Refund forms will be available $00I'I. If you are interested in a refund, please leave)lOUr 
name, address, and phone number with the Receptionist on the third Roar of the Price 
Center. W. will contact you when the refund forms come in 10 the ASUCSO office. For 
more information, call 534-AA50. 

PROGRAMMING 
MOVIES 

TUESDAY 

THURSDAY 

RICE CENTER THEA 

HIGHER EDUCAllON FORUM 
TUESDAY, MAY 31 

PRICE QNTER BALlIOOM 
2:00PM 

There will be a forum _on the future of higher education on May 31 in 
the Price Center Ballroom from 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM. Several Regents, 
administrators, faculty, students, and candidates for California state-
wide elections will be in aHendonce to discuss issues impacting higher 
education in the 90's. Regents Roy T. Brophy, Claire Burgener, and 
Darby Morrisroe will be present. Also sitting on the panel will be: 
candidate Governor, Ron K. Unz; Associate Chancellor, Tracy Strong; 
UCOP, Joyce Justus; UCSA President Don Harjo Doves; UCSA Execu-
tive Director, Glen Magpantay; Academic Senate Choir, Stephen Cox; 
and Professor Steven Hahn. 

There will be a Question and Answer period as well. Students, staff, 
and faculty are encouraged to attend. Dr. Joseph Watson will be 
moderating. Each panelist will have 2 to 3 minutes to introduce 
themselves, describe their roll in higher education, and identify a key 
issue. There will be two open microphones that students will be able 
to use to pose any questions or issues to the panelists. The panelists will 
hove 2 minutes to address each question and concern. 

This is an opportunity for you, the students, to voice your opinions and 
hove your concerns addressed. This event is sponsored by ASUCSD. 

ASPosmONS 
There are still many positions available with the ASUCSD. If you are interested in 
Programming on campus, Public Relations, External Affairs, Finance, Student 
Advocacy, Academic Affitirs or Alternative Media, please come to the Third Floor 
of the Price Center or call 534·4450 for more information. 

• 

-

-

. ' 

-

-



20 SPORTS 

DAN 

KBHFT 
Why I Hate 
Free Agency 

Free agency is the scourge of 
the sporting world. It has tom the 
games of our youth from their 
foundations of fan support and 
built a new and far less solid base 
on cold, hard cash. Football 
season itself is over, but we are 
now in the middle of a second and 
almost equally important cam-
paign: the free agency season. 

Free agency is responsible for 
the huge, frequently-renegotiated 
contracts held by players who 
firmly believe themselves to be 
God 's gift to their sport. Gelling 
by in the rough-and-tumble world 
of exclusive, ritzy neighborhoods 
requires, at the very least, $1 mil a 
season. You'd have to be sick to 
expect a pro athlete to survive on 
less. 

The incredible "never-say-bye" 
team loyalty - loyalty that 
resembles that of Larry Brown -
displayed by today 's stars is just 
another characteristic of sports for 
which we can thank free agency. 

Even die-hard fans are forced 
to purchase new programs for 
every game so that they actually 
know the names of the individuals 
for whom they are screaming their 
lu ngs out. Is it any wonder that 
cheers like, "Let's go number 42!" 
are becoming more popular? How 
else could you congratulate that 
total stranger in your team 's 
uniform for the great play he just 
made? 

Another problem with free 
agency is that it costs a whole lot 
more money to be a fan than it 
used to. Hell, these days, you 
could make a down payment on a 
car for the price of a beer and a 
burger. 

The one thing 1 credit free 
agency with doing for football is 
tearing apart my beloved 4gers 
and reducing them to the Cow-
boys' personal doormats. 

Dallas isn't exactly a free 
agency juggernaut; after all, it's 
been thriving on the benefits of 
the worst trade in history for five 
years now: Herschel Walker to 
Minnesota for the entire Vikings 
defense. But by destroying its only 
competition, the Niners, free 
agency created the beast which 
some call" America's team" and I 
reluctantly call the two-time 
defending Super Bowl champs. 

But wait, do I feel the winds of 
change? The 4gers have managed 
to make some solid off-season 
manuevers in the free-agency 
market in an effort to return a few 
blows to the Cowboys' collective 
ego. 

Perhaps the greatest muter 
stroke of them all was the signing 
of All-Star linebacker Ken Norton 
away from Dallas to boost a 
porous 4ger defense - a defense 
which, in the past, has allowed 
running bacb to bust through the 
line u easily u Steve Howe. 

This move served the twin 
purposes of llrengthenin. the 
Ninen where they needed il most, 
while weakenina abe Cowboys 
where it reaUyhurt. 

See MINT, Pe&e 15 

.. 

The UCSD Gaardiaa T....day, May Sl, 19M 

Baseball Does Miserab 
NCAA RNALS: Hopefully they did 
something interesting 
By Jeff PrIllCht 
Staff Writer 

A surprise element to the West RegionaIs was 
the ability of each team to utilize the home run 

ball. Head Coach Lyle 
Yates had underscored 
the power of the 
Kingsmen, but John 
Becker (4 HR's, 11 
RBI's) and Scott 
Sebbo (2 HR's, 9 
RBI's) showed other-
wise, especially when 
they opened Game 5 
by smoking back-to-

back dingers over the monster wall in center field. 
The wall stands 20' tall and 400' away from home 
plate, and the homers were only the second and 
third to ever clear the wall in the history of 
competitive play at Triton Stadium. 

The Tritons, more of a line-drive hilling club, 
did their part as well. Craig Birk got UCSD started 
in Game 1 with a towering home run, and added 
a second in Game 3. This blast easily cleared the 
wall in right field , and gave the Tritons their first 
lead of any kind throughout the series. 

Catcher AI DelFavero, who only hit one dur-
ing the regular season, clubbed three homers in 
the series, including two in Game 4. 

The UCSD baseball team left for the College' 
World Series in Bailie Creek, Michigan on Tues-
day, still riding high after their val 

In action that had all the makings of "do You 
Believe in Miracles?: Part 2," the UCSD baseball 
team pulled themselves out of an 0-2 deficit to 
win the final three games of the West Regionals 
against Cal Lutheran, propelling the Tritons into 
the Division III College World Series. 

In Game 1, UCSD's ace Ryan Flanagan took 
the mound against Cal Lu's top starter, Sam 
Arroyo. But while Arroyo had the Triton.offense 
under control, Flanagan stuggled to maintain his 
control. 

In the top of the third, Flanagan walked back-
to-back hitters after two were out, and they both 
scored when first baseman John Becker doubled 
to left field, giving the Kingsmen a 2-0 lead. 

Becker's bat, which would be a Triton nemesis 

Dan McDowell! Guatllian 
Rick Ramirez Mel two home runs Includllll a &rand .. am IIPlnat Montclair State, 

throughout the series, came alive again in the 
fifth. With one out and two on, he ripped a first-
pitch fastball over the wall for a tl-ree-run horner, 
extending the lead to 5-0. 

Offensively, the UCSD couldn't muster much 
of anything against Arroyo. Their first sign of life 
didn't come until the fifth, when Craig Birk hit a 
towering fly to right-centerfield which carried 
over the fence for a two-run home run, pulling 
UCSD within 5-2. 

I! stayed that way until the bottom of the ninth, 
when with two outs, the Tritons gave a brief 
glimpse of their comeback abilities. Al DelFavero 
doubled and was driven home by Dan O'Brien. 

Rick Ramirez then followed with a single to 
right, bringing. the huge crowd to its feet and 
Dirk to the plate as the winning run. But Arroyo 
(9 IP, 3 ER, 7 H, 5 K) won the battle this time, 
getting Birk to pop out to end the game, with Cal 
Lu winning 5-3. 

Game 2, the first of a doubleheader played 
on Saturday, was simply ugly for UCSD. The 
Kingsmen, playing as the home team, rode the 
arm of righl-hander Marc Weiss in an 11-0 
whitewash. 

Mark Hartmann started for UCSD, and he 
quickly got to know the potency of Becker's 

See STORY, Page XX 

Track Pulls Up Lame-at Nationals 
NCAA'S: Monahan bright spot of national competition 
By Tedd Ladd 
StaIr Writer 

It was both the delight and disappoint-
ment of youth. The UCSD lrack and field 
team staggered home from the Division 

bopea for next year. 

III National 
Champion-
ships held in 
Naperville,llli-
nois lut week 
with a crowned 
All-American, a 
few top-10 fin-
ishes, and fresb 

-Lasl year [at Nationals] I wu ex-
tremely happy witb our overall finish, 
but I'm happier Ibis year because moat of 
our alhletea wiD be back," said UCSD 
Head Coacb TOGY Salerno. 

The hiahligbl of the week wu clearly 
abe performance of 400-meter burdler 
Michaela Monabaa. She set • IIIW per-10'" record duriailler quaUfyi .. rua on 
W ..... y wia. lillie of 1:03.66, eam-
.... lIVIDtb-pIIoIfillish aad AII-Ameri-
Clallolon. 

WbileMoMllu',final ruD ... __ 

what slower at 1 :05.97, lhe energetic sopho-
more still grabbed eighth-place overall. 

"Irs just the nature of finals for the alh-
leles to be a little tight," said Salerno. "The 
strict time progression from prelims to finals 
causes many performances to taper off." 

JJ. Castner, UCSD's muter of the long-
distance run, also finished slightly off his 
best time in his 10,OOO-meter race. He fin-
ished 10th overall in Wednesday's only fi-
nal event at 31:16. 

Castner's final was squeezed in after the 
rain endeclon a Wednesday afternoon. How-
ever, high winds contiaued 10 sweep across 
holt Norah Central Colle.'s campus. 

"The winds really affected Ihe field 
evenll, especially abe discus," Salerno said. 

After qualifyina in lhe discus witb an 
eightb-place 148'2" finish on Wed ...... y, 
Triton Marc Sleenbof burled bimself to a 
Diadl-pllce 150'3" .... h in Priday', final. 

Wi .. Tbunday's and Priday's events 
completed, only two UCSD alhletes re-
mained lor Sa ..... ,·, fi_1s - freshman 
standoul Lisa Shepard and fteld phenom 
Tua .......... a. 

SIIIpud, wbo bid qualified for tbe triple 
See lMCK, Pace 15 


