
Workers InJ ..... In 
Elevator F8I1 
SANTA BARBARA - The 
free fan of an elevator car 
during repairs in Ellison Hall 
on the UC Santa Barbara 
campus injured two workers, 
trapping one underneath the 
failed unit for more than an 
hour. The two workers were 
replacing a hydraulic sleeve 
around the shaft's casing 
when the cu apparently 
broke free of the chains 
holding it above the sixth 
floor. Both workers suffered 
spinal injuries and various 
lacerations. 

Student GrIlls SDSU 
Council Members 
SAN DIEGO - Some 
council members were caught 
off-guard at San Diego State 
University's first A .. sociated 
Students Council meeting of 
the semester when Fernando 
Chavarria, a SDSU political 
science major, expressed his 
concern about the council ' s 
agenda and intentions. 
Chavarria accused the council 
members of trying to serve 
their own interests while 
ignoring the council ' s agenda 
and other interests. "I have 
djscovered that the political 
process at this university is in 
a sad state of being," 
Chavarria said. 

Davis Chancellor 
Pool ,.eeI to 20 
DAVIS - The search 
committee recently trimmed 
the pool of candidates vying 
for UC Davis' chancellor 
position to 20 individuals and 
said it plans to announce its 
selection at a UC Regents 
meeting by mid-Spring. 
Names of candidates will 
remain confidential to 
preserve the privacy rights of 
applicants and nominees and 
protect them from placing 
their current jobs in jeopardy. 
Candidates were evaluated by 
the committee based on 
criteria discusssed at earlier 
meetings. 

INSIDE 

R.A. 
PlAtu-= Resident 
Adviaon work 24 hours 
a day • 

.... 1'8: Men'. hoopI 
'will holt fiIIt round of 
NCAA tourDey II 

I_IX 

.................................. 1 
..................... 

.................... . 
........................................ 

CU ................................ , 
..................................... 

, H I u c s D 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1994 VOLUME 81, ISSUE 17 

UCSD to Aid in Defense Conversion 

UCSD En,.neerlne Professor 
Ramesh Jain 

TECHNOLOGY: New 
$2 million grant will 
help fund university's 
educational project 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD will receive a $2 million 
matching grant from the federal 
government as part of President 
Clinton 's Technology Reinvest-
ment Project (TRP) aimed at con-
verting defense technology into 
commercial applications. 

The award represents a small 
portior. of the $190 million allo-
cated for 50 competitively chosen 
agencies reviewed by the 

goverment's Advanced Research 
Projects Agency (ARPA). 

The ARPA grant will help fund 
a $5.2 million UCSD educational 
project in manufacturing technol-
ogy. 

"Most of the funding is related 
to education," Professor of Engi-
neering Ramesh Jain said. The 
principal element of the project is 
a new two-year master 's degree in 
World Class Manufacturing Engi-
neering, added Jain, who will head 
the educational project. 

According to Jain, the degree 
will be awarded to graduate stu -
dents who complete a multi-disci-
plinary program encompassing 
areas of computer science, electri -

cal engineering and mechanical 
engineering. The program will 
put a heavy emphasis on informa-
tion engineering, which is the sci-
ence of managing, processing and 
storing information. 

The Center for Magnetic Re-
cording and Research will playa 
key role in this area of the pro-
gram, 

Jain said he felt th is emphasis 
was appropriate in light of the 
Clinton admini tration's push for 
an "informat ion highway" in the 
United Sta tes. 

The graduate program wi II con-
sist of 12 engineering students 
when it is initiated next fall. 

See GRANT, Page 3 

Nobel Laureate 
Crick to Lecture 
On New Book 
SCIENCE: The man who discovered DNA 
structure turns his attention to consciousness 
By Eric Schmidt 
Sen/or Staff Writer 

Francis Crick, the Nobel Prize-winning scientist based at 
the Salk Institute in La Jolla, doesn't seem worried that people 
may be nothing more than sacks of interactive chemicals. 

According to Crick, no soul, no metaphysical being - just 
the physical components acting together - make us what we 
are. As he writes in his new book, The Astonishing Hypoth-
esis: The Scientific Search for the Soul, '''You,' your joys and 
sorrows, your memories and 'your ambitions, your sense of 
personal identity and free will, are in fact no more than the 
behavior of the vast assembly of nerve cells and their associ-
ated molecules." 

The researcher, made famous by his 1953 discovery of the 
DNA double helix structure with James Watson at Cam-
bridge University, will lecture on campus tomorrow at 4 p.m, 
in the Price Center Theatre. 

After all , chemicals are not so bad, Crick said. "Yo u ' re 
brought up to think 'chemical ' is a dirty word. Ask people, 
and they think that na~ural food isn ' t made of chemicals." 

STRIKE UP THE BAND 
The brain is much more than just a collection of chemicals, 

however. The way in which neurons interact with each other 
and communicate through enormously complicated links 
makes the brain more than simply the sum of its chemical 
components. 

.......... ( ....... ), .,.. ........ (GIIIter) ..... ..,.. Korb perform on 

..., for ......... of the UCSD-TY ..... , -"'1Iro¥e lJnpIuaed." 

GSA Presents Autonomy 
Bid to Administration 
PROPOSAL: Graduates 
call for independeut legal 
status for organization 

ina for die .tllblialunent of a legally 
iadependent GSA. 

1be Memonndum of Understand-
.. (YOU), delivered to Vice Chan-
_lor of SIDdent Affairs Jo.eph 
WIIIoIl OD Feb. 16, more cleuly de-

... ,. ...... IepI and finan-
ciII .. lftdl .. ..,....." the GSA. ne 
..... _ .... '*-.... GSA I!Idthe 
............... 0lil8 ........... 

SMeu,,.3 

"It's the way [neurons] interact that matters. How they act 
together in the brain gives you emergent behavior [what you 
say, think and do]," Crick said. 

To illustrate the complexity of the brain, Crick drew an 
analogy to benzene, i molecule made out of carbon ,and 
hydrogen. Alone, the carbon and hydrogen atoms don't dO 
much, but together, the atoms compose an unusually stable 
structure, benzene. 

While the idea that people can feel and think without a soul 
may surprise lOme, scientists have pointed out that Crick's 
astonishing hypothesi. is IIOthina new. 

Crick admits that his hypotbeais i. not .tonishing to 
neurosc:ientists. "It does say in the book that this is not a novel 
idea, " Crick said. He believes, thoup, thar it is .urpriaina 10 
the general public. . 

Crick cited a number of points to show how aenerally 
atonisllina the hypothesis is. A religious newspaper'. re-
view of hi. boot claimed that nobody besides Crick could 
pouibly believe the hypothesis, aftbouah it is a widely-beld 
view -. neUl'OlCieatiati. SaD Die., is the center of 

See ClaCK, PaCe 10 



2 NEWS 

Academic Enrichment 
Make Expansion Plans 
ORGANIZATION: Service provides students with 
research opportunities, begins lecture series 
By Eric Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Incoming Academic Enrich· 
ment Director Melvin Green hopes 
to fill the Price Center Theatre 
with students for tomorrow's 4 
p.m. lecture by Nobel Laureate 
Francis Crick. 

Academic Enrichment, a divi-
sion of UCSD Stu-
dent Affairs, pro· 
vides research op-
portunities for stu· 
dents in all majors. 
According to Green, 
any interested stu· 
dent will be placed 
in a lab if GPA and 
other prerequisites 
are met. 

[hope to have] major lecturen who 
direct their talks to students," 
Green said. 

To ensure that a mainly student 
audience is reached, Green said he 
didn • t even try to promote the lec-
ture off campus. "[Crick] could 
certainly get a large audience from 
the community, but I'm not doing 

that," Green said. 

Crick 's appear-
ance is the first in a 
lecture series spon· 
sored by Academic 
Enrichment, which 
was created to give 
underrepresented 
undergraduates op-
portunities to per· 
form research on 
campus. 

Academic En-
richment expanded 
last year to serve all 
students on campus, 
and the new lecture 
series will move the 
program beyond the 
laboratory, accord· 
ing to Green, who 

"The goal Is to 
expand 
Academic 
Enrichment 
beyond merely 
re_rch 
positions, to 
expand 
enrichment 
opportunities 
for students." 

Instead, stu-
dent groups are 
promoting the 
project. Faculty, 
Student and Staff 
Interactions and 
the Union ofJew-
ish Students, as 
well as members 
of Green's biol-
ogy class, have 
taken over publi-
cizing the lecture. 

Meetings with 
faculty and lab 
positions are all 
in place to en-
courage interac-
tion between stu-
dents and staff 
and enrich the 
students' experi-
ences. "One goal 
is to help students 
get to know more 
of what the fac-
ul ty and staff do," 
Green said. 

will take the direc-
torship this June. 

"The goal is to expand Aca-
demic Enrichment beyond merely 
research positions, to expand en-
richment opportunities for stu· 
dents," said Green, who is a pro-
fessor of biology at UCSD. 

Green said that although fund· 
ing in the program is still targeted 
to minority students, the number 
of students who obtained lab posi· 
tions through Academic Enrich-
ment has doubled since all stu· 
dents have been allowed to par-
ticipate. Last year, 230 students 
found spots in campus labs through 
the program. 

"The program started out en· 
tirely aimed at minority students. 
It expanded last year because of 
the desire to serve more students," 
Green said. 

Green 's ideas for further ex-
pansion include the lecture series 
and meetings with faculty and staff 
members. "The lecture is one way 
of enriching student lives. We 

According to 
Biology Professor Green, many stu-

dents have little 
conception of what faculty do be-
yond teaching and research or of 
how much time goes into prepar-
ing for lectures. If the stu(ients 
were more aware of what faculty 
do, Green maintains, more of them 
would be interested iQ becoming 
professors. 

-Melvin Green 

"There are very few students 
interested in entering the world of 
academia. They don't know how 
wonderful that world is," Green 
said. "A major goal of the program 
is to get more students into direct 
contact with faculty, primarily by 
doing research." 

Green will replace current Direc-
tor Mary Freifeld, who is retiring. 
Unlike Freifeld, who gave up her 
academic position to take over the 
program, Green will remain a profes-
sor while he directs the program. 

An assistant director and five 
staff memben will run the daily 
operations of tile program. "I'll be 
its guide, its spiritual director," 
Green said. 

News Writers' Meeting Thunday 5 p.m. 

"" OCSOGorMlln" ..... 1IDriIIIII ..,1IuIIIIrt ...... ICIIIIIoIc,....,nI .... ....... 
~OCSO . ......... ~ .. _In." ........... In ..... In_ ...... ,........ 
ortca,/IftlIIMId. • 111M. II tWa __ "" taD .... " ............ .... _~ 

1IIIIIIIIiIId~ .. 1Il "" ............ 11 ......... .,.,_ .. .-...l1li 
naI ____ ..... ~ lilt taD GiIMIR ........ " CIIIImII. .... 
--.. ........ ""UCSOQ,wllfllt" ...... .., ....... __ • ...., ..... 
........ _~O.........,.. 

IIIIC ~D', £tllror In ChIef 
JASON RITCHIE, ProcIuctIon MIINIfIW 

DOUG ALIX ANIIIIt. OpInion £tIIftIr 
....... -. Copy EdItor 

The UCSD Guardiaa Moad.,., ,.btu...,. 28,1994 

ETCETERA ... 
• CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

.I"~ 

BRIEFLY ... 

l'VE \lIO~K ~ C~E Of 
~O'II\IIoUS ~ \lIND E.'iElt'f 

~ I~ WE 'fAAO.' 

101l '~ ~, fIlll.BRA\~ . 
GH OOT 'tJJR WAU.£T.' 

\ 

(~ 

!Of 'film M'( 
E~E"'IES ~E 
AFfER ME. I 
ilEa> ~L'i IM4 
m 1\£ I","~')T 
WtE 1'0 8£ . 
IN'illMTL '( ARKD. 

~. >\~t 
\~Cl\5 lI\G1\at 
l/OOlO''/l IXK. 
II. '100 NJtA'IS 1-_ __' 

GH~IN 
T~. 

-

Ex-model Lectures on Media Effects 
Ann Simonton. a former model who appeared on 

the covers of Sports Illustrated and Seventeen before 
initiating a campaign to highlight the media's role in 
the exploitation of women. will give a slide presenta-
tion at UCSO on Tuesday, March 1. 

The presentation will be held in Soils 107 from 7 to 
9 p.m. and is free to the public. 

Simonton. who is considered one of the nation's 
leading authorities on the effects of media images. 
travels throughout the nation to share her views on the 
consequences of such portrayals. 

Sponsored by a number of organizations and de-
partments Including the UCSO Women's Caucus. the 
Women's Resource Center. the Women's Studies 
Department. the UCSO Staff Association, the Sexual 
Harassment Prevention and Polley Office. the Student 
Affjrmati~e Action and Human Relations Program and 
the American Indian Staff and Faculty Association, 
Simonton's presentation is part of UCSO's celebra-
tion of Women 's History Month and is a feature<! 
program In a series of UCSO's Intemational Women's 
Week events. 

Fellowlhlp Recipient to t.ectur. 
On ContInental DrIft TheorIes 

Geologists now agree that the Earth Is a dynamic 
planet with continents drlftl", across Its surface. 

But this concept was widely rejected by the scien-
tific community for more than 40 years after the first 
major theory of continental drift was presented by 
Alfred Wegener In 1912. 

This subject will be the focus of a free public lecture 
at 3 p.m. on Thursday, March 17; In Sumner Audlte> 
rlum at UCSO'5 Scripps Institution of oceanography 
(SIO). In "The Rejection of ContJnental DrIft: Theory 
and Method in American Earth Science." Naomi 
Oreskes will discuss what led scientists to reject a 
theory that would later be considered a major break· 

through in the field of earth science. 
An assistant professor of earth sciences at 

Oartl'/lOuth College, Oreskes was selected as the 
William E. and Mary B. Ritter Memorial Fellow. 

Oreskes was chosen for the award because ·she is 
one of the brightest and most promising young histo-
rians of ocean-related sCience.· said Duncan Agnew, 
an 510 professor who chaired the selection committee 
for the award. 

.Dreskes'research indicatesthat during the 1920s. 
influential American sclentlst~ rejected the theory of 
continental drift because It contradicted a model of 
the Earth·s structure which stipulated that the base of 
the Earth·s crust was located at the same depth 
throughout the globe. If the continents drifted around 
the planet, they would have slammed into one an-
other, causing the Earth's crust to buckle and thicken 
in spots rather than remaining uniform, thus negating 
the theory. 

Oreskes believes that scientists were not about to 
throw out their model of the Earth·s crust because It 
greatly enhanced their ability to obtain the geodetic data 
needed for cAartlng a1CUJS. a chief ~ at the time. 

• Scientists strive 'to be objective ~ but they are 
wort<lng within a framework that they assume Is cor· 
recto when In fact that framework Is historically and 
culturally contingent,· Oreskes said .• And when the 
context changes. as it did In the United States be-
tween the 1920s and 19605, their frame of reference 
about what Is theoretically possible changes as well. " 

u. 1eIrch •• for R8pr ••• nlatlwe 
To UCID AdvI80ry CoInmIttM 

The ASSOCiated Students Council is 100II1118 for a 
representatJve to the Chancellor's Advisory Commit· 
tee on the CroS&Cultural Center. Interested students 
should apply at the A.S. offices on the third floor of the 
PrIce Center. The deadline for applications Is March 7. 

EClton": 5348511O.11us1nna 0IIIce: 534-34841. FM: 534-78111 
UCSD "".,..." 1100 Gil ..... DrIve 0318, 

.......... , CA 92093-0318 
-_: ........... UCIOSlUdIIII~""" 'A' 

Moaday, February 28,1994 

GRANT: UCSD 
is awarded $2 million 
from government 
Continued from ..... 1 

According to Jain, the graduate 
program will also rely on interna-
tional studies to educate students 
about global technology issues and 

for~ign cultures. 
To assist in this training, stu-

dena will collaborate with the 
UCSD Graduate School of Inter-
national Relations and Pacific 

GSA: Fees could 
be roadblock to 
increased autonomy 
Continued from ..... 1 
by struggles over conflicting in-
terests. 

Memorandum author and GSA 
Autonomy Advocate Patrick 
Carroll-Burke said the GSA is rec-
ognized by the administration "like 
any other department of the uni-
venity. 

"It's clear from the position of 
the Graduate Student Association 
that it cannot continue the way it is 
at the moment," Carroll-Burke 
added. 

In a meeting with Carroll-Burke 
earlier this year, Watson was open 
but noncommittal to the idea of 
student government autonomy, 
Carroll-Burke said. The MOU was 
then drawn up by Carroll-Burke af 
the beginning of Winter Quarter, 
and the GSA Council approved it 
nearly four weeks ago. 

According to Watson, the ad-

Studies (IRPS). Half of the gradu-
ate students will also study abroad 
for six months, Jain added. 

The State of California and the 
Univenity of California contrib-
uted a total of S2.4 million to the 
program. In addition, local manu-
facturing industries such as 
Hewlett-Packard Co., Hughes Air-
craft Co., ALCOA Electronic Pack-
aging Inc. and TITAN Linkabit 
contributed SI.6 million dollars to 
the defense conversion project. 

UCSD students with degrees 
from the new graduate program 

ministration is fully prepared to 
grant as much autonomy as the 
GSA wants, but the organization's 
complete financial independence 
may not be viable. "The one prob-
lem is that mandatory fees have to 
be processed through univenity 
policy," Watson said. 

Carroll-Burke said that many 
of the past problems between the 
GSA and the administration 
stemmed from ambiguities regard-
ing the extent of the GSA's power 
as an official student government. 

"It doesn't make sense [that] 
we are recognized as an official 
student government, which in a 
sense re~gnizes that we are an 
organization on campus of stu-
dents with special privileges. But 
at the same time, if the administra-
tion wants to block a particular 
expenditure ... they can do so," 
Carroll-Burke said. 

"[We want] an official ac-
knowledgment from the adminis-
tration that we have a constitu-
tional right to be constituted as a 
legal entity. The administration 

Repelri 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

are expected to enter into these 
industries, with knowledge of 
modem engineering design and 
production, aDd diplomatic inter· 
national skills. 

"I think [the master's program] 
will start building a new culture 
here," said Jain. "This will start 
bringing us much closer to indus· 
tries." 

In addition to the industries' 
contributions, thefederal grant was 
matched by S2.4 million from the 
State of California and the Uni-
venity of California. 

claims right now that we don't 
have any legal status. The only 
status we have is the University 
of California, San Diego," he 
added. 

The primary goal of the MOU 
is to obtain an official acknowl-
edgment from the administration 
of the independent legal status of 
the GSA, a right currently not rec· 
ognized by the courts. 

This would grant the GSA 
power to hire independent legal 
counsel, a privilege that was de· 
nied to members of the now-de· 
funct University Center Board 
when they filed suit against the 
administration last year. 

An internal restructuring of the 
GSA would take place ifthe MOU 
is approved by the administration. 

Increased financial control 
would accompany the recognition 
of autonomy . Instead of being held 
under regent control, GSA income 
would be kept in a bank account 
specifically for the GSA. 

Furthermore, the GSA council 
See GSA, Page 7 

NEWS 3 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Lights and Sirens Is a selection of entries compiled from the log book of 
tile UCSO Police Department. 
.....,,' .... 1. 
11:40 •• m.: A student reported the burglary of a green '91 Honda Civic. 
Loss: $200. 
12:11 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a backpack from Black's 
Beach. Loss: $94.50 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a blue '72 Volkswagen Bug from 
lot 102. Loss: $2.800. 
1:11 p.m.: A male student suffered froin back pain after a rollertllading 
accident on the stairs at Tenaya Hall. Transported to Thornton Hospital 
by ambulance. 
......,.' .... 10 
9:30 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a white '85 Toyota 4X4 in 
lot 305. Loss: $500. 
11:08 p.m.: An 18-year-old male non-affi lIate was arrested for vandal ising 
parking signs at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography Lot 003. Cited 
and released. 
II •••• " , .... 21 
12:lI •• m.: A 33-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested in Lot 202 for 
auto burglary. resisting arrest and possession of cocaine. Transported to 
County Detention Facility. 
4:40 p.m.: A male student suffered from an injured ankle after a 
rollertllading accident near the Central Library. 
TIl...,. , .... U 
12:11 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a cassette recorder from 
the Visual Arts building. Loss: $180. 
7:00 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a black '90 Honda Civic in 
lot 102. 
11:31 p.m.: A 24-year-old male student was arrested for petty theft at 
Central Library. Cited and released. 
W.-.....", .... U 
9:25 I.m.: A student reported the theft of a fanny pack from Pryatel Aeld. 
Loss: $280. 
10:00 I.m.: A 39-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for outstanding 
misdemeanor warrants. Cited and released. 
10:13 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a Specialized B21 Hard Rock 
bike from the bike racks at Tioga Hall. Loss: $270. 
TIll......" , .... 24 
12:03 '.m.: An officer filed a report concerning a dispute that occurred 
between students and non-affiliates at Warren college. 
10:40 I.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a parking meter from Lot 
002. Loss: $350. 
10:10 I.m.: A staff member reported vandalism to a parking meter at Lot 
014. 
10:40 p.m.: A 30-year-old male non-affiliate was issued a form ordering 
him off campus. 

~omplled by Erik Johnson, Staff Writer 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hy " .. 1'1<>," bu ....... "'" 
1I"_blsh. Isuzu Acura Dai 

2 TANS FOR $1 
Minor Tune Up Special $24~eg' $55) 

1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more tIIlIn othsrs. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check dutch 11. Check cooling system & hoses 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 9. Check lights 12. Road test 

and 011 levels 

35-pOIRt Major Service Special $64 * 
Extra for fuel-injec18d. Our major tune up Includes: (~. $150) 

1. CoInpmIIan lilt 
2. Valve ~ 11 . ! liming 20. LubIIIront end 28. ClMldlIIId ~ 
....... : 12. dwell" angle 21 , CIIIdI a Jtplenil/lil batIIriM. W ~ 
3. Valve _ guMt. 13. CIIItIu_ IlIId & 01...,.. 211. RoUiM tires (11IMCIId) 
4. Sperkpklgt. 14. air a ru.I rado 22. Check ~'yAIm 30. C1M1d11IrwS: 
5. 0iIIrtbUI0j poilU. mix1In 23. Check lor 100M a lost 31 . LubII door 
8. eonc.r--s. 15. i AIering bole boIII 32. ChIck II 
7. AIr 1IIIIIr. 18. ~ 24. Check tnIces 33. ChIck cooling IYSIItm a 
8. 0II1ihar. 17. brIIceI 25. Check IiJtcII '-
9. Gas 1IIIIIr. IIIId 18. -veneY tnIces 2e. Check IIghII 34. ChIck exhausllyAlm 
10. Engine 01 19. CIIIdI a ..... expoeecI 27. Check uiIc*aIrriage 35. Roed lei! 

beb lor dIIrnIgeI 
_ : lor 6qIIndor .... odd t20. ro,oll s.-.odd 130. o..r 2ODSX ............ ~ odd D . 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 

1 ............. _IIII~IIINII' z. __ 

J. CIIIIII .... 
,.!"-..... 
.......... 

..... ---.. 7 ....... 

... _-

._-.111." 

...e.". .... 

--

Brake Job $39* Special (110. $80) 
Front /11,. "* job 1ncIudII: 1._"' __ " __ 
--
t DoIIIr._.., 
J .......... ...-..-4.li0ii,,,....., 

1. ___ '-' 

.· ~-CII-"..., 
--

7· ...... ___ CW 

--, ........ 
• Timing Belt Special $99* 

........ ,..: AIk .11011 •• .,.1111 on ... , ... All .ur wort hli • 2.,..r .r 
2I,"'mll. 1111II1II .. ",...,. All ,rIcaIKlI. ,a ...... 1.lIor. 

~ 8008l1lramar Rd. 
!As 695.1890 

- WI .. !/fIIIIltll/t4 
CIIIDr 1IIPII1nII'I'" 

(r(II(I' 1~()ll (Irl('~(lr i'~I(jrrll 

A More tanning beds than 
anyone in San Diego 

A Large. luxurious salons 
featuring WOLFF beds 

A Frequent bulb changes 

L~ 6' N 2 ~C>l.J<S ~48 Gu.art1lCl[u~¥l 11oclj 
~aTAN 
QQ..J;)9J mA1olQUO 

I'ot", ' lo.a at .",16' Of 'PJ '*"'1 Jl"I; No ..... ti<o O! 601"", V"" t!IiJj r •• coLlil. • ..-d , lrotch ~ 

3251l-IOiday Ct. La ..lola 
acr(X;c drQQt from ~I Torito 455-095:2 

',Ykdon Valay 
54:2-0391 

45S-D909 
'Tominq loeotion< ~ .. up lOCation<. I'jr<t """"-h OI lAWmitod l amirg 125. 

No .w" -. % • , oeonc/ month roqUrod. p.,. ono "",,*h iator. I25 IM«'ion V~ local"" \39.99L 
L ~ w;(h CHdo rr_ 01"" QOOd w;(h ad. F.,;.-J/~. .J 
--------------------------

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

$1.00 Pizza DIsci 
Spmtodole 

$1.00 IO'OL .... 
Jpm ..... 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 2~ 

WING NIGHT 
,.....,,....... 

$2 PINT NIGHT 
from J ;m..c.-

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
StDln. lui of Inw for SS 

(Sl wid! UCSD ID) 
RefIll S1 eech I .,.,., w.k 

hm7pmodoM 



4 OPINION The UCSD G .. nIiaa lIollday, February II, 19M 

PINION 
COM MEN TAR I E 5: C RIM I N A L JUS TIC E I N A MER I C A 

R ..... for lnarcerlltlon 
Since 1986, drug related 
Incarceration has grown more than 
any other offense. 
1986 . 

Crime Growth 
Numbef oI lnmet •• In Illte _ -.. prtson ..... 
1II00enl crime arOWlh (II chare. since 1980) ....... 
lSI 
lSI 
ut 
.. 

eo 
ao 

" 

~ ....... 

-

~ 

~ ~ 
"'"'" 

~ 

..... 
~ ~ 
~ ~ 

~ 
""'" 

--- -- -- -

·U·M· ..... ~ ...... __ _ 
SOurce: FBI Bunteu of Jultj(:e StIItlst icl 

c6' 
AFTER TWO DECADES OF FAILED 'LAW AND ORDER' POLICIES, THE 
UNITED STATES MUST BEGIN MAKING A COMMITMENT TO JUSTICE 

c6' 
B y D 0 U GAL .. X AND .. R, OPINION EOITOIl 

T he story is familiar. Time, Newsweek, U.S. News and WorldReport have all run their obligatory 12 pages of glossy fare. It has hit the dailies en 
masse and has made for some good copy for 
the TV news magazines - and even better 
copy for hundreds of career-minded politi-
cians. As we've undoubtedly heard, crime is 
out of control. 

"Americans are scared." B&LSiness Wed: 
says. "The fear of crime permeates their lives. 
They worry about being mugged or raped .... 
They're afraid of being robbed at a highway 
rest stop or having their children kidnapped at 
a suburban mall.... And they should be fright-
ened ... 5OD\e 14 million serious crimes were 

Violent CrI .... .-
Number of violent .. 
crime victimizations per 

... 1.000 persons ace 12 
or older. • 
City _._._._.- II 

Suburban - - - - - 10 
Rural 

• 
_ ...... ",---

reported to the police last year, a humber that 
surely underestimates the actual magnitude 
of America's number-one problem." 

Americans are scared. According to the 
latest polls, conducted by TimelCNN, 19 per-
cent of Americans cite crime as the greatest 
problemfacingtheUnitedStates,outOanking 
both the economy (II percent) and unem-
ployment/jobs (10 percent). A WashingtDft 
Post/ABC News poll claimed that 28 percent 
of Americans counted crime and dNgs IS 
their number-one conc:em. 

Despiteappearanc:es, it's businealS usual 
in the United Slates. With the exceplion of a 
few violent spasms, crime riles have been 
relatively stable IiDce Ibe reconI-bIakin& 
higbsofthe late '60sandearly '7Oa.lnflct,iII 

1992, crime rates dropped aaoss the board in 
many cities. 10 San Diego, for example, vio-
lent crime declined eight percent last year. 

This flies in the face of popular opinion 
and current crime rhetoric. While the level of 
crime in the united States is horrendous, 
violent crime has been greatly over-hyped. 
On the face of it, given that an estimated 1.9 
million incidents of violent crime were com-
mitted in 1992, perhaps these declines are a 
cold comfort. 

But lbere are a couple of little "seems" 
about these violent crimea which the media 
and America's politicos "ve rqJected 10 
publicize. FJIIt, the vall majority of vioIeDa 
crime ill the United SlateS is not committed by 

See JUITICI, page 6 

c6' 
AMERICA'S CONCERN 
WITH VIOLENT CRIME 

IS TEMPORARY 
c6' 

By DAVID SNOW 
SI!NIOl STAPf WllTU 

I t is ironic that Justice Blackmun of the United States Supreme Court waited until last Tuesday 10 dedare his new-found opposition 10 the death 
peualty. Ironic because his dissent of the 
court's refusal 10 hear the appeal of a Tew 
mau's execution seotenoe comes prec:iaely at 
a time when Americans are in the mood to 
punish. 

Forget Ibe deficit, the economy, education 
and foreign affairs. American's number-ooe 
conc:em, according to many opinion polls, is 
crime. And the number-one reaction to crime 
is harsher punishmenlS. This sentiment is felt 
throughout the 
nation and within 
all demographic In __ • __ 
groups. Inner-city 11- - ••• Number of people 
blacks are just as incarcerated per 
concerned about 100,000 for 
violent crime as 1990-1991 
suburban whites. 
Why this sudden 
predominant 
interest in crime 
and punishment? 
The answer lies 
with the media and 
the attention habits 
of Americans. 

Attention to 
crime comes and 
goes in cycles, 
especially within 
the media. Since 
violent crime in Albania 
America has been - II 
horrible for the last Ireland 
two decades, it has ... 
been a consistent Japan 
and trusty subject .4a 
to which politi- India 
cians tum when it • M 

SOWOt: ,. ...... flA..It.eIcII ....... 
becomes necessary 
to rile up public 
emotion. The mayoral elections in the two 
most important cities in the United States, 
Los Angeles and New York, were decided in 
large part by the crime issue. The elected 
~ mayors, both Republicans in Democratic 

strongholds, were "Iaw-and-order" candi-
dates who had no trouble convincing voters 
that crime was out of control and something 
drastic had 10 be done. 

At the natiooallevel. reaction 10 crime 
comes in the form of "get tough" legislative 
proposals, such IS the "Three Strikes You're 
Out" law and reduced parole allowances. 
However, crime isn't any worse than it was 
two years ago and in 8OIl1e cities, lib San 
Diego. it is Iesaening. Crime bun't chanpd 
FdIe America has. 

Consider Ibe context in wbic:b aU Ibis anti-
crime hysteria is blooming: AIaerica's 
ccooomy is recoYeriD& NAfV. bas pIad 
and its effects are IIDaU and IIIIintemIting, the 
c:ounIry is not enppd in any ovcneII ft~1II 
(yet), the deficit isn't muc:b IIIIaUer .ad the 
!DOlI explolive W-.,..1C8DdaI is (yawn) 
wm ......... 

Altbis mo ••• t • .-.e is""" America 
tobecolleclMly -.y abouI.Sowe ... tothe 
old 1IIIIIIby: criIDe. But WIlt 1IIIIiI ~ 
.... liIoppiIc boaIIII OIl BoIIIiI lad WIICIa 
IIow .....,.. _Ir at. __ to die 

See "1'. PIlI e 

)lo_y, Februry JI, ItM The UCSD GuanH.a OPINION S 

. CO.....aRY: While often decried as dangerous, rap is one of the only mediums through which poor blacks can reach society 

GAYE 

JOHnSOn 

Since the 197Ol, de-
industrialization, eco-
nomicrestructuringand 
a resurgence of racism 
have createdfundamen-
tal new realities for 
young people, giving 
them a new relationship 
10 the economy and to 
the future. 

As an expression of 
this unpreoedentedshift, 
a shift which is particu-
larly dangerous for 
black youth, rap has 

taken a form which many critics call "obscene" 
and "dangerous," and have even gone so far as 
to blame rap for contributing to homicide and 
delinquency . 

In a medium which regulates expression 
more than it admits, there is a constant need for 
a popular culture in which political and social 
demands can be made. This need is being met by 
people like Ice OIbe, Queen Latifah, Snoop 
Doggy Dogg and other rap artists, some main-
stream, some not. Rap is art, and art is an 
expression of what's happening. As usual, crit-
ics are intensely pwsuing the censorship and 
condemnation of rap. 

1beJe are some things which society does 
not need to bear. However, the expression of 
injustice and oppression - the foundation of 
rap - is not one of lbem. Not only should rap 
not be censored, it should be listened to by 
everyone - especially those who blame these 
artists and poor blacb for risill8 crime rates and 
a general depression of their own race. 

Many people do not understand how sorneof 
the more hardcore rappers can say the things 
they do about women, each other and especially 
whites. These commentaries on murder, job-

THE POLITICS OF RAP 
Iessness, drug dealing . and 
gender issues are certainly 
raw at times and often offen-
sive to IiSleners. But who is 
listening? And who is mak-
ing such a ruckus about the 
immorality of the black 
poor's commentary on soci-
ety? First, people need to un-
derstand where these com-
mentaries are coming from. 

equal chances in life would 
give anybody enough mate-
rial to act - or rap - on. 

The effects of capitalism 
on the African-American 
population and the 
demonizatioo of black youth 
are the primary issues which 
shape rap's claims about the 
relation of black youth to 
society. These two issues 
produce a collective rage. 
White America sees only the 
tip of the iceberg. 

Are .... lyrics 
maId.1dda kill or 
...... y .. mpIy .. 
expreuIon of _ 

Yet many right-wing 
ideologues have attached 
moral implications to the 
social conditions of blacks, 
presenting us with images 
of tile "self-destructive" hab-
its of the poor. Given the 
right medium, this "boot-
strap" ideology produces 
some damn good propa-
ganda to convince people 
that the poor don't deserve 
benefits or a chance unless 
they can prove themselves 
worthy . 

.... ady critical level 
of BIack ..... 1ack 

Groups like the Parents' 
Music Resource Center 
(PMRq use these types of crt .... , 

Between 1979 and 1989,cbildpovertyamong 
whites increased from 11.8 percent to 14.8 per-
cent, among Latinos from 28 to 32 percent, and 
among blacks from 41.2 percent to 43. 7 percent. 
At the end of the 197Os, blaclc children were 
twice as likely as white children to die before 
their first birthday, twice as likely to dlOp out of 
school before graduation and more than four 
limes as likely 10 be murdered before the age of 
four. Between 1965 and 1990, black family 
incomes fell by 50 percent, while black youth 
unemployment qWldrupled.ln the same period, 
white youth unemployment remained static. 

The political. social and psychologic:al im-
plications of these racially-based disparities are 
obvious. If this doesn't explain the crisis of 
youth, particularly black inner-city youth, noth-
ing does. The rage which emerges from genera-
tions of people deprived of jobs, creativity and 

"bootstrap arguments" to 
imply that the lower classes are morally impure, 
and consequently, don' t deserve a fair hearing. 
These people don't understand the importance 
of rap, both historically and as a contemporary 
form of expression. 

Many rappers preface their work with state-
ments like "and they said rap wouldn't last." 
TOOa Rose lays claim to the "secondary orality" 
of rap, which has its origins in the strong oral 
tradition of Africans and African Americans 
alike. The endurance of rap, rooted in ancient 
tradition, is without question, and rap'scontinu-
anoe through the Reagan-Bush era is a testi-
mony to its strength. 

So what upsets people so much about rap? 
The language, the content, the style - every-
thing. But rap has a message and nine times out 
of 10, it's political. A lot of recent rap deals with 
the Rodney King verdict and its aftermath. On 

"U'I.:II .'un Sill T'I'U: ",,'nll:'1 \ '1'1"' . 

ltill'MIT 'I'U lUI 1\ MT \ ,'" \II'II~" . ,I r. I,1I 
j \.I . ... . ,n"I·\~It!~ , .... \UI , ... \' 111\'1: , \111.1 . 
1, \1.1 . \fli II I ,'H \I.t "".1': t,u,,,,,,, "11 ... . 1 I l l\ . 

• CDX 
-

-.-~ 

hisl992 album, The PredlJtor, Ice OIbe raps 
about the verdicts: 

"S-I-M-I Valley for the KKK rally 
A place on the map where the order is 
those devils can beat up a motorist 
and get nothing but a slap on the wrist ... 
motherfuck the jury and whoever loved 

'em ... " 
One of Ice Cube 's songs even attempts to 

explain why black and Latino youth burned 
down their own neighborhoods during the Los 
Angeles riots, alluding to the fact that if one has 
noti.ing to lose, one way to get some long-
overdue respect is to "tear this motherfucker 
up." 

But much of the controversy over rap centers 
around songs which many people believe to be 
devoid of political content. Case in point: Snoop 
Doggy Dogg. Hisconstantreference to "bitches, n 
"hos" and "tricks" certainly leaves much to be 
desired. Snoop raps: 

"'Cause I have never met a girl 
That I've loved in the whole wide world ... 
If I gave a fuck about a bitch, I'd always be 

brok.e 
I'd never have no motherfuckin' lodo to 

smoke ... " 
There isa point at which a political commen-

tary on life in the inner-city ceases to have any 
deep meaning for women, and that point is 
reached by Snoop and many others. Snoop 
Doggy Dogg responds to censorship propo-
nents by saying that he isn't writing it for them, 
and "if you can't get a taste of this dopeness then 
k.eep your ears out of the studio. n 

Though I will never be able to excuse some 
of the things men say about women, that's just 
the point: this jargon is nothing new and not 
confmed to the rap genre. The only difference is 
that instead of being subjected to it at home, 

See HYPE, Page 6 

UA Y. S ,\ N 1)( EHU 

I'I . I~ \M': lUI " ', 1. \"" , 11 l, uUH .... n 
Til E 1"1 \' ,,"':I i .. t'H1l11 It \ \h. , 

\11 Iol , \-' S I: U\'. \1'1', 1::00. It' f ill', 
. nE \. :11. , .. \I ,. :flIIIII .. 

,.rfll 
IIIDWDur 
'.If 

Drives 
Reverts 
Spoons 

."110 
Pyro 
Diablo 
Davis 

Reg. $265 . f'" '22S 
Reg. $345 f'" '2111 
Reg. $375. f""299 

Reg. $340 
RejJ. $340 
Reg. $390 



6 OPINION 

JUSTICE: and barrios. As Mike Davis wroIe in the City of Quartz: "White, middle-
Prison system class imagination, absent from any 
perpetuates crime firsthandknowlcdgeofinncr-citycoo-di~ons, magnifies the perceived threat 
Continued from .... 4 through a demonological lens." 
strangers, but by people we know - While the American public makes 
acquaintances, friends and ~Iatives. a lot of noise about having to pay for 
Second, a significant number of so- those damned "welfare queens" and 
called violent crimes are not even "illegal aliens," it's quite willing to 
violent. Robbery and aggravated as- pour money to pay for alarm systems, 
sault, which are classified under "via- wrought iron gates, law enforcement 
Jent crime," often ~sult in little or no and jails to help deter criminals. 
physical harm. According to Jerome As such, the ~on against crime 
Miller, executive di~ctor of National is predictable: war. In • frenzy to 
Center for Institutions and Alterna- "clean up the streets once and for aU," 
lives, "In 90 percent of violent crimes, the American public - the middle 
no one even required medical atten- class, in particular - is once again 
lion; less than five percent ~uired pushing for rno~ cops, mo~ jails and 
any kind of hospital care." harsher sentences - and politicians 

However, the actual crime rates, are tripping all over themselves to 
the nature of these crimes and our deliver the order. But as the last two 
experience with criminal justice have decades dramatically attest, "law and 
simply been swept up in the whirl- order" policies are both ineffective in 
wind of public hysteria. Jarred by curbing crime and extremely expen-
bloody images of drive by shootings, sive. They are essentially "feel good" 
car jackings and other "senseless" and measures for the middle class which 
"random" acts of urban-style violence, come primarily at the expense of the 
there 's a growing feeling among the poor. 
middle class that things aren't as safe In 1981, middle class fear and 
as they once were, that the turmoil of anger was the driving force behind 
the inner-city is no longer contained Reagan 's "War on Drugs." Although 
within the walls of America's ghettos whites use more drugs than blacks 

FAILURE: issue was crack, and how people in the ghettos we~ killing each other to 
Quick-fix measures get it, or at least to supply the suburbs 
are inadequate with it. The '80s, one win note, are 

often thought of as prosperous times. 
Continued from .... 4 Well, the ghetto killings did not 
back-burner. abate, but other concerns emerged to 

It would be interesting to conduct diminish their urgency. The economy 
a study to see when the media has took a dive, the Cold War ended leav-
become most interested in crime. I ing America in debt and feeling inse-
win wager that it rises and falls not to cure, the Gulf War won the Nielson 

thecrimerate,buttothe~lativewealth ratings and the elections came and 
and well-being of America. I am went. The sequence of events is now 
young, admittedly, but the last time I at a lull, as indicated by public preoc-
remember such hubbub over crime cupation with Tonya Harding and that 
was during the mid-'SOs. The big nuty crime rate. 

HYPE: Rap is to exploit and disrespect. Running concurrently, however, 
threatening to isa dialogue by black women like MC 
mainstream America Lyte, Queen Latifah and Salt-n-Pep&. 

who have in the past year taken a stand 
Continued from pace 5 on sexual issues, often puttingwomen 
school and on the job, women can buy in control in songs like "Roughneck" 
sexism for $15 and listen to it in the by Lyle, "U.N.I.T.Y."by Latifaband 
privacy of their own homes. Some "Snoop" by Salt-n-Pepa. These 
scholars even argue that it's a natural women, especially Queen Latifah, 
tendency for a group which is dogged control the images of women in their 
by society to look for a group below it own music and exert some authority 

The UCSD Gorm.. 

and m still convicted of more drug 
offenses than blacks, the war on drugs 
had a distinctly wban "feel" - u 
well as focus. Tobesure,thedramatic 
increase of inner -city narcotics offic-
ers and drug squads has provided 
wildly-popular police docu-dramas 
lilce Cops with plenty of video action. 

After crack hit the urban scene in 
the mid· '80s and was officially deter-
mined to be "evil," it was hyper-
criminalized by the White House. Cur-
rently, penalties for the possession of 
crack run up to 10 times higher than 
powder cocaine, though they are 
chemically identical. Interestingly, 
crack isa drug used primarily by inner-
city blacks while the bulk of powder 
cocaine is consumed by whites. As 
such, the war on drugs has been dis-

The tragedy is that, compared to 
all of the concerns just mentioned, the 
one issue which is most relevant to 
people's lives, particularly those in 
inner cities, is crime. Aside from timid 
gun cooroVcrime prevention laws like 
the Brady Bill, America's response io 
our protracted crime epidemic is:pun-
ish! 

This n:sponse is predictable. It is a 
temporary, noncommittal response to a 
temporary, noncommittal concem over 
crime. Putting a violent offender away 
for life gets rid of that one offender 
ROW. But as experience has shown, 

the~ ~ more where he came from. 

in the production of other groups' 
music. 

Many people disagree on the point 
of cause and effect. Are the lyrics 
making kids kill or m the lyrics an 
expression of an already-criticallevel 
of black-on-black crime? While it's 
possible that some hardcore rap may 
contribute to the rate of homicide, np 
is describing something that was ai-
ready there. Descriptions of homi-
cide, rape, addiction and general frus-

•........ ~. 
: FREE: 
• FROSTED. 
: MOCHA : 
• When you buy one • 
• at regular price. • 
• 

EapWoIioo o. .. jp 30. • Nat ....... th..., __ 

.' ........• 
*. HoWIe of the World's Fi,,;,t 

Coffin. • 
... ~ Roast Our (Affi~ orr·~ 

.. with the Frnhtll Coffi.t 
AwiWk. , 

• • I 

Costa Verde eeaiii' 
j7SI.P".,~~ .. Bi'~r) 

457-JAVA(~~ .. 
M-Th ..... Upaa..f ..... U.au. 

• s.r7:lOuD-Umid,s.. .... ~ • 

Monday. February 28.1994 

proportioaalely effecled poor urban this money (5.3 billioo) was shot 
bIacb. Indeed, the inncr-city was the straight into the criminal justice sys-
very place at which the gun was aimed. tem. 

As absurd and hopeless u the war However, the~'s little indication 
on drugs is- it should have been cast that the war on drugs and its manda-
in the sludgepit with Star Wars loag tory sentences m going to be repealed 
ago - it has had its "triumphs." in the near future. Much of the 1egis1a-
Namely, it has done a fine job of tion which is cira&la1iDg throughout 
criminalizing. incarcerating and im- Galifornia and nation (a plethora of 
prisoning thousands upon thousands "Ibree Strike and You'~ Out" crime 
of drug offenders. Given the harsh bills and parole-limiting bills) m only 
·drug laws and mandatory sentences, going to aggravate the problems asso-
drug offenders are the primary reason ciated with the hypen:riminalization 
why our state and federal prison sys- of drugs: ext~mely high costs with 
terns are so overburdened - they little recognizable affect in stemming 
compose nearly a quarter of our tota\ the tide of crime. 
prison population. They occupy 61 If we m serious about stopping 
percent of the beds in federal prisons. crime - and getting people off of 
Ironically ,given mandatory drug sen- drugs - we must deal with the ques-
tences and overcrowded prisons, it's tions of both rehabilitation and p~-
not uncommon for non-violent, first- vention. Our harsh, punitive crime 
time drug offenders - these are the policies are not only self-defeating, 
people who pose no serious t~at to they are fundamentally injust. For the 
society and have the highest potential past decade, we have spent billions 
of being "reformed" - to push vio- and billions of dollars simply to throw 
lent offenders out into the street. America's poor into prison for drug 

Further, the costs have been stag- offenses. Yet we've been unwilling to 
gering. In 1981, the cost of drug en- make a parallel social commitment to 
forcement was tagged at 1.5 billion our inner-cities - not even for basic 
per year. In 1993, this figure exploded drug ~hab. 
to over $12 billion per year. Not sur- It's time that the justice system is 
prisingly, given the imposition of truly ~formed. Perhaps we can then 
mandatory sentences, 44 percent of make our streets safer. 

Toughening up parole time may be and use precious public money for 
good for the public safety, but it's not other projects. 
anti-crime, it's anti-criminal. Any pro- Reducing the crime rate would 
posaI that harshly punishes the criminal ultimately be a very long, expensive 
after the deed is.done may pluck the bad undertaking - carried out over at 
apples, but it doesn'tpreventmo~ from least two generations. Crime bas its 
growing bact. All these "get tough" roots in poverty and in tile feeling of 

proposals~temporary,public-appcas- hopeleSsness. Punishment win not 
ing solutions. change these roots, though it might 

The reasons forsucbsbort-sighted put an even larger percentage of 
proposals are obvious. Fighting Americans in prisoo. 
apinst mme has a high political pay- Itrernains to beseenwhetller Presi-
offwhen the issue is bot. Butwben the dent Clinton will follow tbrougb with 
issue fades, a it always does, the a serious program or simply 1o&e in-
politician can stop giving u many teres! along with the rest of the public, 
fiery speeches about "getting-tough" when a honer topic arises. 

tration with life are one way of deal- ening. The np movement cballenges 
ingwith the heinous disparities which society's norms OIl a verbal level-
poverty-stricken, inner-city youth and in a very explicit way. People m 
face. going to have problems with np, but 

While the~ m rap artists dedi- no one should be so clouded that she 
cated to the empowerment of blacks fails to see the pain and despair ex-
(e.g. Public Enemy and Kid Frost), pressed in this musical form. Without 
these groups usually ~n't accept- rap, there would be no outlet to tell the 
able to mainstream America because public, based on personalexperieoces, 
many of them m ethnocentric and about deprivation and racism in this 
sometimes advocate separatism. society, to say "Don't believe the 

Thesetypesofmessagesm threat- hype." 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

11"/1(11 is .l v /l1" h{/il"cI()il/.~ 
1/1(/1 r U /I 1/ '(/111 il III 
(i,"li l/lle dlJil/.~ ? 
I\"/I{/I is rlJlIl" hoir 
d() il/,~ I/i (/llWI (/(JII 'I 
1/ '(// /1 i l I II /)(' d()ill,~ ;, 

\I IJII /dI YI// li~'C' SIJ IH(,-
Ifl i ll.l! " iell' (///(/ d(/.1(·/'(" /1 .' 

Look your best even· 
MensCuts WomensCUts 

$4 _$5 
OFF ~ "'t'~FF 
(RIg. $2UIO) ~ ', : flit. " .00) 

[Ej -- . 
-.-~~-.. 

Monday. February 28. 19M 

ARENA 
Photographs and Interviews by 

TIMe-. 

What are your plans· 
for Spring Break? 

Guanajuato 
MEXI 

I'm going to Rosarito Beach. 
-Dill ... Larlv. 

Marshall Freshman 

I'm hitting the slopes. 
-AobJon_ 

Revelle Freshman 

Going to Lake Havasu, house 
boating, lots of drinking, 
partying and girls. 

-Chris Coppa 
Marshall Senior 

I'd like to visit museums, but 
since my friends aren't into that 
sort of thing, I'll just hang 
around with my friends. 

-M.II ... Mertz 
Muir Freshman 

~jlTALY 
Summer, Semester, 
& Year Programs 

UII ACJII.c cam 

1 ........ 26 
Summer Deadline 

RIM 

TEMIOft 
HEADACHE 
RE5BAKcn S'I1JDY 
" .... ....,1 I ' ........ 1M' ' .... . 
•• S .... e ..... , ....... .-.. . UCID.....,....... 2 • 

QIM' • • _=/'-"'--': 
. A....... ' rl •• JNe 'Cld· 
.A ......... et ....... _ ..... 

... ~, .. t~td,..CIIl 297-9169 

The UCSD Guardian 

GSA: Proposal 
could serve as model 
for A.S. plan 
Continued from .,.,. 3 
would not need university autho-
rization for expenditures. Cur-
rently, all spending must first be 
signed off by an employee of the 
university. 

Though the GSA would have 
more independence, procedures 
outlining administrative interven-
tion have also been incorporated 
into the MOU. 

"We're prepared to acknowl-
edge procedures of intervention 
by the administration, in case they 
believe there are inappropriate fi-
nancial practices taking place," 
said Carroll-Burke. 

Other key points within the 
MOU include contracting employ-
ment through the GSA rather than 
through the university. 

s Jobclassifications, descriptions 
and levels would be restructured 
according to GSA policy. Prob-
lems with employee salaries have 
arisen in the past in which the 
GSA felt a salary should be in-
creased but could not do so be-
cause of university policy. 

The changes would also elimi-
nate the dual ties of employees 
with the university and the GSA. 
"We want our employees to be 
accountable to the GSA, not the 
administration. But being put in 
the middle, [the employees] have 
a conflict of interest," Carroll-
Burke said. 

The GSA is attempting to be-
gin negotiations with the adminis-
tration by the first week of Spring 
Quarter and hopes to re~ch an 
agreement by the end of t~ aca-
demic year. "We are cautiously 
optimistic that we can have an 
agreement," Carroll-Burke said. 

Were the MOU approved, it 
would give the GSA more au-
tonomy than any student govern-
mimt within the nine-campus UC 
system. The Associated Students, 
which represents UCSD under-
graduates, will probably attempt 
to adopt a similar policy. 

Student government autonomy 
has been denied by the courts since 
a precedent-setting case in 1972 at 
UC Riverside, in which campus 
administrators prevented the stu-
dent government from publishing 
pro-choice literature. The court 
ruled that the student government 
was not a legal entity apart from 
the university, and thus had no 
right to file a lawsuit. 

FAlAFEL or 2 $ 5951 GYlOS for I 
Q A unwJII"'IJ ..... ,.-- II 
iXUUlWn..u -- ....... 

----------, Buyl I 
.... ~ ..... I 
IIAlP PlICE! : AII"_"'. __ -. ...... 

-----------

.... $2" : 
I 

.... =CL I 
.' ....... 

---------

~ . I I ~.1 

NEWS 7 

BUFFALO WINGS OF FIRE 
ALL YOU CAN EAT S4! 

'6 pm,10 pm. No cover. 

s6a,,up" $~. ~ UCALLIT ~ .~ 6 pm,10 pm. No cover. ~ 
US 15th Street • Del Mar • 159-5'" 

COLORED LENSES $139* BROWN EYES TO BLUE WJ D2-0PAQUES COM PLETE with S10 manufilCturer's rebate 
.... IyWear Extended Wear SemI·D~bles 

Co~11tI Complet. ClalPlet. $89* $109* $169*! 
"Includes: Complete Eye Exam' Fitting' Follow-up Care 

• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only' Other Major Brands in Stock 
We take the time to listen and explain. 

Dr. lick 16780 Miramar Rd, 1 SELBY, 0.0. 2~easlOfe(bIft"",CW·IJr. 1 578·6796 
$59 ' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass lenses! ~~~~,\~ 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-S:30 pm 
SatunlGys 8 am-S pm 

", .... 1 ,PI ,.,"c,,"-
....... _-_ .. _-

•• ~---------------.--~Oo/~OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

........... -_ ..... _ ... 
~_ .. L ' .................... -. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardi_ MODday, February 28,1994 

GUARDIAN 

FEHTlIRES 
-

BRINGING HOME THE I R 

." 

EMPLOYMENT: For UCSD's crop of Resident Advisors, 
living in the campus residence halls and apartments isn't just 

an ordinary job, it's a 24-hour way of life 
UCSD 

BYJOLYNNSHOEMAKER, 
GUARDIAN R'EPORTER 

PENDING A YEAR AS A RESIDENT ADVI-
sor, or R.A., is no ordinary job, 
especially when compared to the 
other types of jobs held by the 
average college student. Anyone 
who has ever lived on campus 
knows that living and working with 
students as an R.A. is a full -time 
job in the most literal sense. Un-
like an internship or a job at a 

store, working as an R.A. means being at 
work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. To 
R.A.s, the workplace and the home are 
synonymous. 

"You ' re always an R.A. when you'reon 
campus. It 's not like a nine-to-five job where 
you can turn it off," said Shane Cunha, a 
Warren student who has worked as an R.A. 
for two years. In spite of that, Cunha enjoys 
his job. "It allows flexibility for when times 
get tough with academics or personal life. 
That's one of the nicest things about it not 
being a nine-lo-five job," Cunha added. 

For others, working as an R.A. has proven 
more demanding'on their often busy sched-
ules. Warren R.A. Sashi Rajagopalan said 
she feels the nature ofthe job requires her to 
look for ways to effectively manage her 
time. 

"You have to balance your schoolwork 
because you feel like you take your job 
home with you," Rajagopalan said. 

"Especially in the residence halls, it's 
more of a lifestyle than a job. U's not a 
punch in, punch out job," said Fifth CoUege 
acting Resident Dean Nora Nawar-Hansen. 
-A Mentor Role" 

According to many of the R.A.s, work-
ing in the residence halls with freshman 
residents requires a somewhat different 
approach than working in the apartments, 
where residents are mostly second-year stu-
dents. 

Marshall College R.A. Miriam Diaz-
Santana "aid that freshman residents re-
quire more attention than second-year stu-
dents, and this difference is reflected in tbe 
activities she plllns. . 

"First-year students need more informa-
tion about things on campus," she said. 
"Second year, they're more on their own. 
They have their set of friends and they don't 
need their R.A. as much. You have to direct 
your activities differently." 

Fifth College R.A. Becky Couvrette 
agreed, adding, "In the residence haUs you 
bave a chance to make more of a differeJK:e 
because people aren't always aware of the 
things they can get involved with. It'. more 

ofa mentorrole; it's more of a 24-hourjob," 
said Couvrette. 

" [Second-year students] after that first 
year have gotten more involved in other 
things. People are a lillIe more mature and 
it tends to be more of a peer relationship," 
Couvrelle added. 
A Confilctl..- Rol. 

Whether in the apartments or the dorms, 
R.A.s play a multi-faceted role. Besides 
performing the fundamental duties of pro-
gramming activities for residents, serving 
on desk duty and making sure that residents 
are secure, R.A.s also serve as peers, role 
models, counselors and friends to their resi-
dents. 

According to Revelle College Resident 
Dean Kate Mangan, the nature of the job 
encompasses a wide range of obligations. 
" R.A.s wear so many different hats, from 
answering questions about how they study 
for humanities to asking a neighbor to be 
quiet," Mangan said. 

Because R.A.s serve as a bridge between 
students and staff, they must simultaneously 
play the roles of student and university 
employee. As employees of the university, 
R.A.s are often faced with the task of en-
forcing school policy, which sometimes 
conflicts with their role as friend and peer to 
their residents. 

Nawar-Hansen said that policy enforce-
ment is not one of the central goals of the 
R.A.s at Fifth. "We see enforcement as an 

aside, and really our main thing is for 
[R.A.s] to get to know the individuals in 
their buildings and to build community," 
she added. 

Many R.A.s do not consider policy en-
forcement to be problematic. Couvrette said 
she has had few difficulties with her resi-
dents during her two years as an R.A., 
adding that in her experience, students are 
generally considerate about problems such 
as noise level. 

"People don ' t realize how loud they may 
have been so they are generally really apolo-
getic," she said. 

"I've never had a problem enforcing 
policy," Cunha said. "I have had situations 
where residents were not receptive to me 
enforcing these policies." 

For some R.A.s, problems more often 
stem from the policies themselves, not from 
enforcing the rules. According to one R.A., 
who asked to remain anonymous, "The 
[Residence Life] office is very paternalistic 
and restrictive." 

The R.A. added that the policies present 
an obstacle to students' developing respon-
sibility. "The way you learn responsibility 
is to be given responsibility, and then you 
mess up and learn a lesson, not by being 
given strict guidelines," he said. 

"", l'd./~ 
W ..... eon ... Reeldent AdvIIore ...... cue. MIl ...... 

~ .. up."" It the reeIdenoe ....... 1eIIC III RrA. r. 
• 24Mur Job, cue. IIId ~ .. ,.I.n ...... 

DominiC lobbia/ GUMCI/sn 

The R.A. found the alcohol policy to be 
particularly aggravating. "Two years ago 
when I came here, our R.A. was much 
more lenient in terms of alcohol. Now if 
you smell alcohol, you ' re supposed towrite 
them [students] up. Not even if you see it 
- if you smell it. It's very stifling," he 
said. 
Selectl. an R.A. 

Some of these issues are addressed dur-
ing the selection and training processes 
required for all R.A. candidates. Selection 
procedures vary slightly between colleges, 
but the same basic components exist 
throughout UCSD 's five colleges. 

According to Nawar-Hansen, after fill-
ing out an application, the student attends a 
group interview, which consists of group 
tasks in which the candidate is confronted 
with situations comparable to those he or 
she may encounter as an R.A. 

Aselectioncommitteeobserves the group 
interaction and then selects candidates to 
proceed to the next stage of the process -
the individual interview. During the inter-
view, the student is asked a variety of ques-
tions by a panel which includes members of 
the Resident Dean staff and student repre-
sentatives. 

"There are personal questions so we can 
understand [the prospective R.A.s] as people 
and, of course, there are job-related ques-
tions so we can get an understanding of how 
much they uaderstand the position," Nawar-
Hansen said. 

Cunha has participated as both an appli-
cant and an interviewer in the W IIren selec-
tion process. "Being a returning R.A.,f was 
at both ends of it; I was on the part of being 
interviewed and I was also on the part of 
interviewing. It's aooct to be on the other 
end because you can see how things work, 
and it builds interviewing skill.," Cunha 
said. 
....... w ... ",TI 7 I, 

Once selected, the R.A .• attend a three-
week training seuioo prior to th. beainning 
of Fall Quarter, and by tbc belinnin& of the 
quarter, the new R.A .• are prepared for their 
year-loOl job. It'. a job that some R.A.. 
regard II an educational experience. 

Diu-8antana said that working as an 
R.A. has helped her to deal with human 
behavior. 

See ReA., Page 9 

Monday, February 28, 1994 

R.A.: Advisors 
must balance studies 
with their job 
Continued from INC- 8 

"It just helps you so much in 
any other situation, like a work 
situation or other living situations, 

to accept other people's differ-
ences and appreciate those differ-
eJK:es," she said. 

Not every R.A. agrees with 
DilZ-Santana's point of view. One 
R.A. criticiz.ed his fellow R.A.s 
for not being open to diversity. 
"The staff is so utterly Christian," 
he said. "When you're surrounded 

wrap part\l hetped neutralize hosltfe 81tenS 

The UCSD Guardian 

by people with the same interests, 
you don't take into consideration 
other ideas. You don't take into 
account anything other than your 
own views." 

One R.A. expressed criticism 
of the training program for not 
spending adequate time on impor-
tant issues. 

"During 20 days of training, 
only one day was spent on dis-
abilities, sexual orientation, gen-
der issues and cultural and ethnic 
diversity. Five of those 20 days 
were ice breakers," he said. 
The ........ 

But in the opinion of campus 
administrators, R.A.s serve a vital 

My professor 1$ 1)19 
on echlH1ij And edlling 

And ediling 800 11 
01 !rIm ended up 

NEWS 9 

function for campus residents. 
Nawar-Hansen was emphatic that 
R.A.s are a bridge between the 
Resident Dean's Office and stu-
dents who live on campus. 

"They're our key link to resi-
dents. There's only three of us 
and about 900 residents," Nawar-
Hansen said. 

A lot of people don't realize hcMt much goes into making a film. Creating 
illusions with photographs being flir:kered. that in itself, that's art. But as a 
student. reality kicks in fast. Having a budget of a few hundred dollars for my 
senior thesis film, that's reality. I couldnt aHord 'Star Wars' type special 

eHects. I got the actors to volunteer to be my aliens, free. And used the 
American Express· Card to charge major expenses like film and 

processing. The Card helps me stick to a budget. (It even helped 
me save serious money on a flight to New Orleans. with my 
Continental voucher.) Working on the film for no money. and long 

hours, tempers got a little short. So, 
the Card came in handy at my wrap 

party. We all became friends again. The 
American Express Card works. For real 

TO APPLY: CALL 1 800-THE CARD Don'tlMMt Home WIthout Il 



10 NEWS The UCSD Guardian M~d.y, Februry 28,I9M 

CRICK: ideas, Crick said. In fact, if research leads to the 
conviction that a soul is necessary, 
Crick said he feels ready to drop 
his hypothesis alwFther. 

(em may be available in the next 
few years, although he acknowl-
edges the difficulty of the issue. 

impossible," Crick said. 
During the lut year, the 40th 

anniversary of Watson's and 
Crick's unraveling of the DNA 
structure, Crick attended a num-
ber of conferences celebrating his 
revolutionary discovery and pre-
senting recent papers on DNA 
matters. 

stage. But the field moves more 
slowly. People take longer to do 
experiments," Crick said. ContInued from .... 1 

creationist theory, according to 
Crick. In addition, "In a recent 
poll, 70 percent of the people in 
this country said they believe in 
angels." 

All of these facts, Crick said, 
illustrate why a large number of 
people may be astonished by the 
hypothesi , 

The purpose of the book, how-
ever, was not to tell people that 
the have no souls. "You can't say 
to people with religious beliefs 
that they ' re wrong, because [the 
idea] is hypothetical, but we should 
at least warn them" of the new 

Propaganda was the real pur-
pose behind the book, according 
to Crick. "The message I want to 
get over to lay-people is, it is pos-
sible to attack the problem of con· 
sciousness in a scientific way.We 
can make experiments that can be 
done now" to test consciousness, 
he said. 

Crick has attacked the problem 
of consciousness for the past 16 
years from his base in La Jolla 's 
Salk Institute. He said he hopes a 
solution to the conscIousness prob-

"One hu to live on optimism, .. 
he said. "It's very difficult to know 
in advance what's going to hap-
pen" in such an undeveloped field. 

Crick has a great deal of expe-
rience in such undeveloped areas. 
He skipped from physics and war 
engineering during World War II, 
to x-ray technology and the DNA 
structure, to developmental biol-
ogy, and most recently to the prob-
lem of consciousness. 

"I do tend to hop around a bit 
[between scientific topics]. People 
think I can follow all the things 
I've done in the past, but that's 

Even if scientists get closer to 
understanding consciousness in the 
next few years, no theory will prob-
ably be accepted in the near future. 
Crick drew a parallel to the discov-
eryofthe DNA structure, after which 
it took 15 years of research and · 
controversy for the idea to catch on. 

"We were very lucky to hit on 
the DNA [structure] at a very earl y 

Crick's personal research into 
consciousness has been held up 
for the last year because of his 
book and DNA conferences. He 
won't be free to pursue the pr0b-
lem until June, a month after his 
book is released in the United 
Kingdom. At that point, "I'm go-
ing to work quietly in La Jolla," 
Crick said. 

For now, he will continue to 
talk about his book. Tomorrow on 
campus he will lecture on his hy-
pothesis as part of a new program 
sponsored by UCSD's Academic 
Enrichment. 

I II I I , I \ I: II 1 \ \ I .1 1 . 1 \ \\ 1 1 I, 

Looking for a new way to avoid the Try one of our three daily NEW! Train to the Plane 
heavy traffic on Route 101 between round trips linking Santa 
Santa Barbara, Ventura County and Barbara, Ventura County. and 
Los Angeles? There are now three . the San Fernando Valley with 
3 Trains Serving the Valley los Angel~s, and Ora~ge and 

San Diego Counties. 

The San Diegans are also one of 
the most relaxing ways to catch a 
flight leaving Burbank Airport. Our 
newly reopened station is right 

To make it easier to get 
around Southern California 3 Ways South 3 Ways North 
. th k fit th' 77. 780 786 77. 710 786 In e wa eo as mon s Daily Daily Daily SitJS~oI D ily 0 ' y 
Northridge earthquake, ~ :::fl.Trii:2 
Caltrans has underwritten 7:45a 1:45p 5:45p Lv Santa Barbara At 12:15p 4:35p 1D:40p 
new Amtrak San Diegan 8:21a 2:21p 6:21p Lv Ventura Lv 11 :28a 3:47p 9:53p 
service through the San 8:35a 2:35p 6:35p Lv Oxnard Lv 11 : 14a 3:33p 9:39p 

8:56a 2:58p 7:02p Lv Moorpark Lv 10:54a 3:13p 9:19p 
Fernando Valley. 9:11a 3:16p 7:2Op Lv Si01i ~lIey Lv 10:40a 2:5Sp 9:05p 

9:26a 3:31p 7:36p Lv Cliatsworth Lv 10:27a 2:42p 8:52p 
To L.A. or Through L.A. 9:38a 3:43p 7:48p Lv Van Nuys Lv 10:14a 2:31p 8:39p 

We now offer three daily 99 :. 4565aa 3:50p 7:57p Lv Burbank Airpt.Lv 10:07a 2:24p 8:31p 
4:00p 8:08p Lv Glendale Lv 9:57a 2:15p 8:22p 

San Diegan round trips that 10:25a 4:25p 8:35p At Los Angeles Lv 9:40a 2:00p 8:0Sp 
run through Los Angeles. 10:45a 4:4Sp 9:00p Lv Los Angeles At 9:18a 1:47p 7:45p 
A d h . h I' bl ' 1 :20a 5:20p 9:17p Lv Fullerton Lv 8:34a 1:03p 6:58p n eac train as re la e 11 :30a S:30p 9:38p Lv Anaheim Lv 8:24a 12:53p 6:49p 
bus connections on the north 11 :40a S:40p 9:47p Lv Santa Ana Lv 8:14a 12:43p 6:4Op 
e.nd serving Santa Maria, 1122·.:04p35P 6:07p 10:18p Lv S.J Capistrano Lv 7:47a 12:17p 6:17p 6:39p 10:52p Lv Oceanside Lv 7: 15a 11 :44a 5:44p 
Pismo Beach, and San Luis 12:53p 6:57p 11:10p Lv Del Mar Lv 6:55a 11:25a 5:25p 
Obispo. 1:4Op 7:43p 11:55p At San Diego Lv 6:20a 10:50a 4:50p 

The new train has midday 

within sight of the main air 
·terminal. an easy 7 minute 
walk from most of the 
check-in counters . 

Get Out of Town 
The coupons are valid on 

California's network of San 
Diegan, San Joaquin, and 
Capitol trains and buses 
serving 130 of California's 
best destinations daily. Try 
Napa, San Francisco, Eureka, . 
Yosemite, Sacramento, 
Redding, or South Lake 
Tahoe. 

departures in each direction, 
so most travel is in daylight 
hours. Heading south on new 
train 780, you can cruise 
effortlessly past the worst 
rush hour traffic Los Angeles 
has to offer. 

Morning Midday 

See california Our Way 
Forget the stress of sharing 

lanes with big trucks and 
tailgaters on car phones. 

Evening On Amtrak you have the 

2 for 1 Coupon Deal 
With the 2 for ·1 coupon 

below, you can bring a 
friend along free daily 
except Fridays, Sundays, and 
February 21. The coupons can be 
used on one way trips or round trip 
excursions until March 30. Here are 
some ideas on where to use them. 

3 new ways to get there ' 
without the hassle of driving. 

freedom to take in the view, 
wander down to the cafe 
car for a snack, or catch up 
on your reading. Amtrak 
gives you quality time in a 
friendly, low stress setting, 
Bring Along the 
Whole Family 

Each full fare adult can 
bring one child (ages 2-1 5) 

as the free companion using the 
coupon, and one additional child at 
regular Amtrak children's discounts. 

For more information, call your local travel agent or Amtrak- at , 1-800-USA-RAll 

r: - --------------------------~ 2 f 1 I. This cO!JP.C?" is~alidforoneldult pa5!1'ngef and one 8. Once travel h.s beQun, ~tOthedateiff Sabrem.1F 'XorSystem One JOSIAJ11,,,x I adult or child cC?"'panion travefing t. ther. permitted subject to the conditions 01 the '1ft plan U!ed. or wortdspan-PAltS TfAln"XC or 1. t I 0 r 2. ThIS coupon IS valid for one free t%t WIth the 9. AnI ~und5 for UIlUIed seMc:e5 wi be caIcuIIll!d on a ilalf DeIt PricincI. In the -IIOPII" entry ~ I purchase of one adu~ fare when traveling together on basis 01 ful fare chaIges for transporlition U!ed. ·Y329 Ciltrans ~ Companion CouPon" . the Capnol. San Dlegolos or San JoaqUin traons or to. ThIs coupon II not wild for...,.nent of f_ 011 I c~ting bus, wholly Within Cahfornia or Nevada. boMI trllM, for trlets-by·nlail, prepaid ardell. or at ~r= ~~~(If nee- t ' I 3. ThIS coupon IS valid for travel through March 30, 1994. lI'!f.servicetickding m.lchines . ., '. --, 0 ISSUe 
4 This coupon IS not valid Fr~, Suodays. nor February II This coupon IS transferrable. ~ ~ten tidtel , ~ It WIth t.es order I 21 . 1994. 12.1hrs offer issubjeCtlo any re5trktiorund blackouts Y329 and the pIv~ C"ltrans Free I 5. OfI9iNI coopon must be presented No photocopies that apply to the type 01 fill'e purchi§ed and upon which Companoon Coupon ) WIll be accepted. Coupon must be sur~ndered to Amtrak the coupon tickets oR based 2. Obtain coupon from lhe passenger, and on It I 

I 
or Travel Agent . fdl out the Amtrak re!elVatlOIl number. flBt dlr'/ of I 

. : " AmtrIt Agent IIIMIVItIon IIId TlctlCing tiM stMnp the coupon "used " and staple illo 6. ThIS coupon IS not valid 00 traons I, 2. 3, 4, 5, 6, II , I'rocIdum' Refer to GI1OXlCoupon Y329 or MJdit (hot · ed) 
travel WIth passengers travefing on the following Amtrak-14, 21,22, 35. or 36. This Coupon IS not valid for free GlPA0'P201P1.P10 your or coupon no p lXopoesacC~ . I disc:ounts: AD75, UM21 , UM9O, disabled. government, TrM AfIIIt IIIMmtIon ProcIdIns 1. Cre.Jte a 

I .. Job Corps. mlhtary, USA Rail Passes. Groups, or "'th re5eI\I~tiO!l . for all space IOCIuding ~ ~ " Note: Coupon not valid Fndays. other fares ~s or other coupon promotions. (~tical rtonerary !or.both) 2. Agent prICe PNR lM1g F Sundays nor February 21 1994 7. ThIS coopon IS not valid In ConjunctlOll ... th Great for IduIt fare and X for fr~ companion To poee one I 
L. ' 'AmericaVacatlOOpackages adult&one cornt'intorl Apollo D:JOStAJTS"'1I 
-----------------------

Y32' I 
---_ .... 

\ I 

lloaday, February 24, 19M 

UC-SAN· DIEGO 
Revelle Plaza 

February 28, 11 a.m. - 5p.m. 
March 1, 10s.m. - 4p.m. 

~OCSD 
............. -- -~ IIaIaIioI 

The UCSD Guardian 

"'-THE 

Win Prizes 
The excitement builds with hourly 

Tour stuff! 
Enter Our Sweepstakes· 

e9 at our Information 

to win 
a 1994 Ford 

or'a tri to LA to 
see a taping of _ 

-

-
-

\ 

\ 

-\ 
-
--

-

01993 CBS Inc. AI ~ AI_ • . *No Purohale Necessary. Sweepstakes ends 5115194. 

11 



J 

12 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
IIIonday-Friday 

• BLm .... :3Op.m. Mon.-Thurs .• BLm.-3p.m. Fri. -
TheOAlal ~ Progr8In P"M* _'Jta:nce 
to IIUdInIa whoM naIIYe language '-
nee Englieh and to ~ doing WOItc 
In Frn:h. ~. 1IaIIM. FUIIan. 
SpenI8h. and~. Adlagnoa-
tic tll8t on written English '- avaMabi. 
on reqo.M. C811534-22B4 for lTIO(e in-
formation. Student Center. Bldg. A. 
'214. 
.ea.m .... :3Op.m .• Mon.-Thurs .. Sa.m.-
12p.m .. Fri. - The OASIS SctIoI8n. 
Writing Worilihop provides free In-
dividual and group conf.rences to as-
sist students with writing projects. 
SWN also offers free word process-
Ing lacil~les and computer assisfance. 
Stop by York Hall N4070 or cali 534-
7344 to schedule an apPOintment. 
• 8a.m.·4:30 p.m. Mon.-Fri.- The 
OASIS Wrhlng Center is a free ser-
vice for all UCSD students. We offer 
one to one writing conferences for any 
type of wr~ing project-academic pa-
pers, personal statements. even sto-
ries and poems. Our staff of trained 
undergraduates , who come from a 
variety of academic disciplines. can 
help you become a more effective 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an ap-
pointment or drop by our office In the 
old Student Center, Building A. room 
214. 

Monday, Feb. 28 
• 10a.m. - Tran.fer/Re-entry Stu-
den .. - Comm. of Marshall College 
meets at Dean's Conference rm. at ttle 
Admin. Building. (weekly) 

LECTURES 
Monday. Feb. 28 

• 4:30p.m. - Carol Gluck. George Sansom Profes-
sor of History at Columbia University's East AsIan 

Inst~ute and a prominent author~ on Japanese His-
tory. will give the Edwin O. Relsohauer Memorial Lec-
ture in the Graduate School of International Ralations 
and Pacific Studies (IRlPS). Robinson Aud~orlum . 
Gjuck's lecture. · Patternl of Chang.: 'A Grand 
Unified Theory of Japan .. e Hlatory,'" Is free and 
open to the public. 

Tuesaay. March 1 
• l' :30a.m. - Panel Olacunlon: Ru •• lan under-
graduate and graduate atudent. will share their 
personal perspectives regarding the changing poI~i­
cal , economic and social situation In Russia. Bring 
your lunch and join us! Call 457-2184 for more infor-
mation. 
• 7p.m. - Ann Simonton speaks on women'a 11-
luea at Peterson Lecture Hall. 

Wednesday, March 2 
• 6p.m. - Asha Bell speaks on Femlniam and 
Ethnlclty. Price Center Gallery A. 

Thursday. March 3 
• " :30a.m.- lp.m. - Br ... t Cancer Lecture -
Conference Room B of old Student Center. 
• 12p.m. - The Elhnk: Studies Dept. presents George 
Mariscal. UteratlJre Department. UC San Diego, "'Our 
KldI Don·t Hsve Blue Eyes, They Go av.-a to DIe': 
Chlcanoa In VIetnam." Rll. 3155 Lit. Bldg. 

Friday. March of 
• 12-1p.m. - The Program In Religious Studies pre-
sents a lecture by Mikel TaKer. pastor of Westminster 
Presbyterian. entitled -Th. J.wlah/Chrlltlan 
N.xuI: A Personal Raflectlon and a PaltOl'lI Re-
lponllblllty." Lecture held in HISS 4025. 

HEALTH AND FTINESS 
On-going 

• - lnterHted In knowing yow fItneM laval? Get 
a FREE fltn.ss alseum.nt at Student Health. 
Sign up for an appointment on the second floor 
of Student Health today. In lust 45 mlnut •• , you'lI 
find out how fit you really are . . 

Tuesday-Thunlday 
• Mon./Wed .• ,,,,, :5Oa.m & '-I :sOp.m.: Tues.! 
Thurs .• 12-t 2:50p.m. - FItwII. - Fitness walking 
program sponsored by Student Health AdVocates 
(SHA). Starts January 18. Meet althe Sun God. Freel 
All level, welcome. BrIng a friend. (weekly) 
• Mon .• 2p.m.; Tues .• 108.m. & Ip.m.: Wed .• l1a.m. 
& Ip.m.; Thurs .• lOe.m. & lp.m. - Hunyblbtht 
quarIIIr ends & oome to a WorIw!'. s-III .......... 
bu.lolII s-IonI Trailed SUIInt HeaItl ~ 
wll8act1 yoo aIlcU birII ccnoI. STDa. BreaalSell.£lan. 
ald the paMc 8Kal1. E-..yone gets a frw 'ljfrtool Health 
Ed. Am .. 2nd Iocr cI SHS. 

Thursday. March 3 
• 4:30p.m. - Women .. HlllllIIId "'*IIcIn - WOIIe-
shop in North ConIen!nce Room r:J old SlJdent CentIIIr. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Monday. Feb. 28 

• 5-6p.m. - Get Involved with cultural __ 
• nd under.tandlngl Revell.', Cultural Awarenees 
Network (CAN) meeII weekly. at Revelle CommAer 
Lounge. (weekly) . 
• 6-7p.m. - Women'. "-rca CenW IIeaIInga 
- Come _ what we _ all about! Anyone weIoome. 
VOIunteerl wan1ed. WAC. next to Soft Reaetves. 
• 7p.m. - Circle K ",tamatIoIl8I........ Held 
at Gallery B In the Prtce Center. 
• 7p.m. - ..... v_ Women'. ItudIea Pror--
-.-informal ~..eon of poliliera' put and 
pr..-rt ectMIm. Pub oon.lnce room. 

TUMMY. Mardr , 
• 12p.m. - AA MeatInt - Room 1201, BIology 
building at MUIR campua. (wHk/y) 
• 3:30p.m. - TIred 01 nJnn4ng alone? Need _ 
motivation? Come join the lac ... RunnIng Club, 
TueacIIy and ThUFlClay at 3:30pm and Sunday at 
1oa.m. Allevell welcome ..... It'" Sun God. Free. 
cali JoII1uI Milnick 487-Il020 fof mor. Info. (weekly) 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

G THE WEEKLY ~ENDAR 

• 7:30p.m. - ca .. Anlmage. the UCSD Japaneee 
animation club, will be showing more great moviesl 
Peterson Hall 1 08. For more 1n1o. call 587-4890. 

Wednesday. MIlICh 2 
• 2"'p.m. - To WorkahopI for ForeIgn Stuclenta 
and Scholarl - ' General Introduction to U.S. 
TaKes: covering tax treaties. residents YS. non·resi-
dents. sailing permits. sohoIarshlpe. fellowships. and 
grants. Intemational Center. 
• 5p.m. - Wllderneaa Club IoIeeIIng - Backpeck-
ing. hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing. etc. Ev-
eryone welcomel Meet above KSDT In old Student 
Center. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. -·Actlv. Studenl. for AIDS Prev.ntlon 
(ASAP) will meet in the Price Cenler. Ask EDNA for 
eKact location. Please join us. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - Lalblan, BI.exual, Ounr Wornan'. 
Olicuilion Group - Come to the Women's Re-
source Center to enjoy lively diSCUssion and meet 
great women. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - Open Diacuilion for Gey and Blaexu.1 
Men. - Student Center Bldg. B ConI. Room. Spon-
sored by LGBA. (weekly) 
• 9p.m. - Hardeora Student Film Club Meeting 
- All majors and levels of eKPerience inv~ed . Meet-
ings are in the Media Center (MCC) studios. (weeI</y) 

Thursday. March 3 . 
• 10:30-12:00 - To Workahope for Foreign Stu-
denla and Scholara - A representative from the 
Internal Revenu. Service will answer questions 
about. and compl.te Form 1 O4ONR and Form 1040. 
• , 0:30-12:00 - To Workahopa for Foreign Stu-
den .. and Scholara - A representative from the 

CaI~omia Franchise tax board will shoW how to oom-
plete Form 540NR and Form 540. 
• 5:15p.m. - Wlrren Commuter CoInmlttH-
Come _ what'8 going on at UCSD & Warren. Meet-
ings in the Warren College Student ActIVItIes Center. 
CSAC. r-«Iy) 

Friday. MlItr;h .. 
• 12p.m. -AA MeetIng - Room 1208. Biology 
building at MUIR campus. (WNIc/y) 
• 7p.m. - CWO FMm Series on NatIve ""-1can 
Women at SoIII H ... 
E\tENfS AND REGRFATION 

Monday-Sunday 
• A February-March eKhibition will celebnde the re-
cent publication of MAn Improbable venture.. Hll-
lary of the Unhreralty of california, San DIego •• 
BoIh eventa will be held In the UniYerllty Ubrary at 
UCSD. The eKhibitlon. which Includes. number of 
photIgrepl1ll11uatrating the history of UCSD. '- dls-
played In the IIbrary's main IIoor IIIChIbIIion gaIIerIeI. 
The publIC '- welcome to view the eKhlbit ~rIng li-
brary hours. 

MondIIy-SaIurdlry 
• WaIIdnt toun of the UCSD campua conducted 
by the Sludent Outr .. ch and Recruitment 0fIIce 
(SOAR) are now avaHable at 11:00 AM Mondlly 
\hrotql Saturday. Th. 9O-mlnut.louf. oonducted by 
a IItUdent guida, Is deligned to give Yisitors a tuta of 
the academic and IOcIaI flavor of UCSO'I under-
graduate ooIIegee. Immediately following the tour. at 
about 12:30 PM. proapectIve students are inYIted eo 
attend a generallnJormatIon IHIIon oonducted by a 
SOAR outrIIch ofIIcer. The one-hour pr...11aIion 
ravIews the eifler_lOll among UCSO·. live ooIIegII. 
while aIIo ooverIng admilaion requftrIw1tI and aup-
port a.vIcII fof 1IudentI. Ra.rvationa .. encour-
aged by calling 534-1 • . VIIIDre IhouId melt out-
side the SOAR oIIIce, IocaIed on the upper laval of 
the 81udent cant.r, BuIdIng '8.' 

7Uelday. Match , 
• 10:3Oa.m.·3p.m. - CIoIIeeIIne ProfecIII lie 
Hump. 

~Match2 
.12-1p.m. -Campua DIy 0p.h·mIc at lie Hump. 
.ep.m. - Koto c-t - Noriko Taubol. Kar.n 
Bauman. UCSD Enaembla. Better WorIde Gall.-
ria. 4010 Goldftnch St., San OIego. 210-1007. 
t-ek/y) 

PboIo by David OIoIGuordiQJI 

SUnday. Marr:h 6 
• - F .... toura of UCSD sre offered flll8ry Sunday 
thil WInter by the UCSD VIsItors Program. Mini-Van 
tours are availeble the first and third Sundays of each 
month. starting at 3:00 PM from the Glman Informa· 
tion Pavilion. Walclng tours are ofIered on alterna-
tive Sundays, allO starting at 3:00 PM from the 
Gilman Pavilion. A por1ion of the famed Stuart Col· 
lection of outdoor sculpture Is Included. Although the 
tour is free. there is a minimal UCSD parking fee. 
Reservations are necessary and may be made by 
calling 534-<4414. 

CAREER SERVICES 
Monday-Friday 

• 8:00-4:00 - SIGI. - Computer-based program 
of career informationdeslgned to help you clarity your 
skills, values, and interest. For more info. come to 
the Gareer Services Center. $10. 
• 1 :30-4:30p.m. - Drop-In Advlalnll Hour. - For 
help with career goals. job hunting. resume prepara-
tion or eKPloring professional or graduate school op. 

portun~ies. No appointment needed. Just walk in. 
• - MENTOR - Graduating this quarter and lob· 
seeking? We'lI match you with a professlonai in your 
field who will get you sfarted networking in the local 
job market. Sign up at Career Services. 

Monday. Feb. 28 
• 11 :30a.m. - Job Search 101 - 80% of all job 
vacancies are unad\/ertlsed. this workshop will teach 
you the most effective way to find them. Career Ser-
vices. Free. 
• 1 p.m. - an-c-a: h,leI.iewthg Skilia for E .... 
ployment - Using video. Improve your technique 
through practice and valuable feadback. Pr.requi· 
site: Interviewing SkHIs WOrIcahop: Sign up at Reler-
ence Room desk. career Center. Free. 

ru.ctay. Marr:h J 
• 3p.m. - Medical School: What 18111 AppIIcanta 
Need to Know - AdmiIaion. procedurea, appIlca· 
tIon strategies. and achooIleIedIon. car.. ServIces. 
Fr ... 

Wedneaday. Marr:h 2 
• 12p.m. - 1ntematIoneI AffIIra Gl'ICIuate School 
0ptI0na - Graduata progr.-na and career paths will 
be dJaQ 1IHd. Career Center. F ..... 
• 1 :3Op.m. - In .... 1ew11l1 IIdIII Workahop -
Learn techniques required to be auccessful In the 

intervIeW procees. Career eem.r. Free. 
.1 :3Op.m. - MerbtabIa "-- Leam how to 
make a poeItlv. ftrat ImpreqIon with your rnume. 
Gar_ ServIces. Fr ... 

ThIndIy. M11rd13 
• 3p.m. - How to Int ... 'Iew for MedIcal or other 
Hnith ProIIaaIonalIcMola. What to 8Kpect in an 
inteMew and how to prepare. ear.. ServIcae. Free. 

Friday, AIwr:h of 
.11 :OOIl.m. - Job ...... t01 - 80% r:JII job l1li-
c.ldes _ ~ '"* WOItcIhop wi tIIch yoo 
.. ""* IIIIIIc:.tMI Y&f to Ind '*"-can. CerMr. Fta 
SUPPORT GROUPS 

Ongoing 
• - Women'. PMr Coun.llara (IrIIned by Paych. 
ServIcea) - Need a oonfIden1IaI friendly ear to 111-
ten? W. hIIYI walk-In IIouI1 or cell for appotmment 
at the Women', RIIouIce CenIer. 

McJnd8y. Feb. 2B 
.11 .. m.-I2p.m .• I-3p.m.-_ ....... ~ 
... OIIoe ...... ~Altacuwc..r. ~ 
• 1-2p.m. - 12" AC' 'dill CIIIIIIraft of-' 
IIoIIca WIIIdr ...... -"you .. aIIacIId by pa-
,..... aIcohcIIIIli oome Join UI. 8l1li, ~,DOII-
1IcIanIIaI. and free: Cal1!53-21 oe for Info. or juat *" 
by! PrIce eem.r Adm., IIYine Room. 2nd IIoor Itbove 
food oourt. {WeeIdy1 
• 2:45-3:4!5p.m. - Adult CII,*- of Alcohaln 
PIycho Educ III tallupport car...-1nformtIon 
and 001 ....... aupport lor ~ dialing wIIh pa-

,.....~~ t.dbrNancyandKln, 
trained peer 0IUIIII0rI. /II. MountaIn \4Iaw 1.Dunge, 
Thurgood MaI'IfIII Collage. (weeItIyJ 

Monday, Febnaary 28,1994 

• 3-<4II.m. -,...... wonted ..... ,..drtnIdng 
en4Ior drug PI ....... ., Need eomeone to IIIik to? 
CanIIdInIIII Coull .. llng: MonIquIIIugarIn. Alcohol 
Subatanc. Abun Counselor. HSS 2058. Muir. 
(WNJdy) 

• 7p.m. - LeebIM a., ...... 1 
Aaaoclatlon - aen..I BuIIn_ 
MIItIIng. Women'. RIIource eem.r. 
Come out and get 1rlvoIwd. (wwIdy) 

n-dIy. IrIIItcII J 
• 8-101l.m. - ca.y,lAebIan IIId B~ 
...... IndIvIcIu.t Peer CounIIIIng 
willi ..... Want IIOII'MIOfl8 to 1aik to? 
Have a quIIIIon? Come by warren lit 
Bldg 3247 or cal 534-3987 for an ap-
pointment with a trained peer counse-
lor. 
.11 :3Oa.m.-12:3Op.m.; 1-4:2Op.m.-
Wom.n·. PH' Coun •• llng office 
hours. Women's Resource Center. 
(weekly) 
• 12-2p.m. - A trained Peer Coun-
selor Is available at Fifth College Resi-
dence Life AnneK Office to discuss a" 
coholand .ubat8nct .bun 1.lun. 
(weekly) 

Wednesday. March 2 
• lla.m.-I 2p.m·-Grf,lHbIanand 
Blaexual Individual Peer Coun .... 
Ing With Man - Have a question? 
Need a supportive environment'? Drop 
by Warren Lit. Bldg. 3250 or call 534· 
3987 for an appointment with a trained 
peer oounselor. (Weekly) 
• l1a.m.-12p.m. - RED: R_-
Ing from Eating DllOrd.ra ...:.. For 
anyone struggling with food and/or 
body Image illliUllS. please come vis~ 
the peer counselors from the RED pro-
gram. Held in Muir College, HSS 2056. 
t-ekly) . 
• 12-1p.m. - Over"t.ra Anony-
moue - For men and women who 

Wl!nt to stop eating compulsively. Student Center 
Conference Room (by Soft Reserves). Call Sally H. 
534-1253 Jar more Information. (weeIr/y) 
• 12-2p.m. - Women'. Peer CounHlIng ollk:e 
hours. Women's Resource Center. (wNkly) 
• 7-8:3Op.m. - Unclergradua" Gey and Bltexull 
Mena' Support Group - Providing a confidential 
and supportive environment. Meets weekly In the 
South Conf. Rm. In Student Center Bldg. B. Led by 
Matt M. & Jose. (weekly) 

Thursday. Msrch 3 
.10.11 a.m .. /3-4p.m. - RED: RecowrIng from eat-
Ing DlaorcSeB - For anyone struggling with food 
and/or body image issues. please come visit the peer 
counselors from the RED program. Held in Muir Col-
lege. HSS 2058. (wNkly) 
• 10-11a.m. - LHbl.n, Gay, and BI •• xu.l ...... 
Counl .. lng with Kandra - want someone to talk 
to? Come by Warren Lit. Bldg. 3248 or 0811534-3987 
to make an appolntmant with a trained peer counse-
lor. (weekly) 
• 11:30e.m.-1 2:3Op.m.: 1-2p.m.; 2:20-4:2Op.m.-
Women'a Peer CoIInaeling office hours. Women's 
Resource Center. (weekly) 
• 12:30-2:3Op.m. - Feeling worried about your 
own, • friend, or parant·. drinking or drug prob-
lema? Don't let the pressure keep building. Come in 
and get ways to help or just talk - confidential . Nancy 
King. alcohol and substance abuse peer counselor. 
Argo 104. Revelle. (WfHIIcIy) 
• 4:3O-6p.m. - LHblan .nd 81aeKual Women'a 
Support Group - Providing a ocnftdential and su~ 
portIve environment. Meets fNfKY week Irvine Room 
2nd lloor of Price Center. Call 534-3987 for more In-
formation. (weekly) 

Friday. March of 
• l1a.m.-2p.m. - Women'a Peer CoIInHllng of-
fice hexn, Women's Aesouroe Center. (wNk1y) 
• 12-1 :3Op.m. - Pan-Aalan c-tty Forulll-
Led by Jonn. M_, Mountain VIew Lounge, 

drop-In. 
• 2-4p.m. -AIcohoIIIId SullelaMeAbuee Group 
- t.d by OlIn MIRIZ. 534-1579. Cell for appoint-
ment. Revell. Provoat Bldg. 
• 3-<4II.m. ~Ing worried about your drlnldng 
and/Or drug ...,....., Need aomeone to talk to? 
ConfIdentIal oounHIlng: Montque Bugartn. Alcohol 
Sub,tanc. Abu,. Counselor. HSS 2058. Muir. 
(wHk1y) 
• 4~.m. - campua IIack F_ - Led by PIli 
Raphael. !534-0252. Mountain VIew Lounge. 
RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

11.wdIy. MwcII , 
• 12-1p.m. - BlbleIUty-l 81m. 8. SlJdnCen-
•• NarI1 Cc:I*rna RDcm. Ewryona II WIIIoomI. 
• Sp.m. - Join the Catholic Community by celabrat-
Ing .... at the UnIYerlily L.utherIn Church. 1la'0II 
the atreet from ~ College. (weeIdy) 

WednelJday. 1MtrJ12 
• ep.m. - SUpper I. Ierved to Itudenta by Un~ 
wnIIy ~ - 12.00 donation. All ant weI-
oo,ne. L.ocatIon: UniversIty l.utheran Church. acroM 
the IIreet from R.veIIe College • 
• 7p.m. - Bible etudy on -Human 1elCua1ity. - Lad 
by Call AManI of Lutheran c.n..,. Mlnlny. Open 
to all. Sponecnd by L.uIherM Campua Mlnittly at 
UCSO. UnIverwIty Lutheran Ctud't, ICIOI8 the IIreIt 
from ,.... College. 

.... MM:tI8 
.1: 1 lia.m. , U,IIp.m. - Jat\ theCildc CcImnuIiIy _ 
br 0IItbt"111 __ It .. lA'tMIIIIy u...n Oud't. 
AIIa. ...... tan RMlaCdllga. ..., 
• 10: 15a.m. - LuI'..., CornrIuIIon..w:e til-
"' .. Mr. Ray F-.. of ~ SocIal ServIceI. 
Th'- '- fcIIowed by a video on "TIle ..... IaIIItry 
and 11111", of ....... - Everyone '- weIoorne. Lo-
oaIon: untver.Ity Lutheran ChuraI. 1CIOI8 the ItrIIt 
fIom ,.... CoIeg • . 
• _.m. - TIle CIIurcfI of ... ..a.. ..... of L.aIIIr-
*Y"'" (The MorTnore) Ilea maIIInga evwry SIll-
dIIy In Del ~ .. 12701 Torrey .. DrIve. 

Monday. February 28.1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Flag Down Psychic Toros 
PREDICTABLE: UCSD golfers continue to impress with win over Dominguez Hills 
By Brilln K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

The Cal State Dominguez Hills' 
golf coaching staff boldly predicted 
that a sub-300 round total on the 

6,651-yard, par 
71 Los Verdes 
golf course 
would be more 
than enough to 
topple last year's 
Division III Na-
tional Champion 
Triton squad at 
last Friday's 
head-to· head 
matchup. 

"That's wby 
they lost," UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra said . "The golf gods take 
stringent notes on [commenls] like 
that. [Dominguez Hills] doomed 
themselves right off the bat." 

Although the Toros shot a stellar 

M. HOOP: 
UCSD hosts playoffs 
Continued from pace 20 
Erik Johnson, Nate Hanlgin and 
Brian Van Noy jumped all over 
Dominican's young starting unit. 

Making his first start of the sea-
son, Johnson (10 points) initiated 
the slaughter wi th one of his pal-
ented deep three-point launchings 
less than 30 seconds into the match. 

Ressa (three for three from the 
three-pointstripe) followed suit with 
a pair of treys of his own 10 run the 

We screwed up. Thursday's 
PRINCETON REVIEW 
ad stated that the ORE 
exam will be held on April 
29_ The correct date for the 
GRE is April 9. 

~\ttv 
01)0 9-J~ 
f>''Oc" 4 

MONDAYS 
Intramural 

Team of the 
Week 

PUB 

299, UCSD's combined round of 
293 easily overcame tbe best that 
Cal State had to offer. 

Dale Abraham's even round of 
71 paced the six Triton golfers. 

"[Abrahams] is a very accom-
plished golfer, but he hasn't hit his 
stride yet," Wydra said. "I'm ex-
pecting him to really improve as the 
season progresses." 

Freshman Mike Hartford, a local 
talent out of Torrey Pines High 
School, turned in a one-over-par, 
72, to place second within the Tri-
ton squad. 

Wydra was especially impressed 
witb the youngster's performance 
considering the "lousy" set of Ping 
irons Hartford currentl y uses. 

"We have ordered him a new sel 
of irons and as soon as they come in, 
I expect his game will improve," 
Wydra said. "His long irons are un-
hillable right now. They are far bet-

score to 16-2 with 16:23 remaining 
in the first half. 

The Penguins' nightmare con-
tinued when Todd Benetar nailed 
another three-point bomb with 11:31 
to go in the half to give the Tritons 
an unreal 32-2 advantage. 

Hantgin also got into the act, 
drilling four of seven from three-
point land on seven of 11 shooting 
(20 poinls, seven rebounds). 

Dominican's Major Whitlock 
(seven points) and Maurice Munsell 
(14 points, seven rebounds) eventu-
ally got Ihe Penguins off the ground. 

Madrid $295-
Costa Rica $233-
London $209-
East Coast $184-
Mexico City $ 89-

-All lar., arc CAlCh W6'( boscd "" • ,oundtrtp 
purcilos<. lax .. not Included. So... , .. tri<· 
tion~ oppIy. Student stilus may .be ,cquilcd. 
.... .... ..., ..... ".fI 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Cum (by the Post 

Open Mon., Tues., nus.. FtI. 9-5 "Id., 10.5 

Guardian's 
Movie 

Guide 

Enr Driven 
b'y someone 
that you ... 

Want To 
Meet? 

Now, as an Auto Dates 
member you will join the 
statewide singles club on 
the roadway. 
Fint 200 Memberships 

FREE with tllil ad! 
For Info & Application: 

674-HONK 
ext. 3 

ter suited for ping pong than golf." 
A 1993 All-American, Brock 

Shafer shot a three-over 74 for Ihe 
course. Tom Brown's retum to his 
home course resulted in a respect-
able round of 76, despite the fact 
that he hit the ball out of bounds on 
the opening hole, which translaled 
to a Iriple-bogey score of seven. 

"Lasl year he was the first person 
ever to hit the tee sign on the [same] 
first hole," Wydra said. "So I imag-
ine this time he was pretty happy 
jusl hitting the ball out of bounds. " 

Steve "scrub" Lin recorded an 
impressive tally of 77. Amazingly, 
Lin sank more birdies than pars on 
the day . 

Redshirt freshman Hunl Cairns' 
mark of 82 in his first collegiate 
match rounded out the scoring for 
the Tritons. 

"We were very happy with our 
performance," Wydra concluded. 

With 7:04 to play in the half, 
Wbitlock's transition lay-up bol-
stered the team's faltering confi-
dence as Dominican finally broke 
the seemingly insurmountable 10-
poinl barrier. 

Of course, UCSD's offense had 
already canned 40 points, bul on 
this night the Penguins embraced 
any smidgen of hope available. 

By halflime, Dominican trailed 
by 21 points, 55-34. 

Atgame 'send, I3oftheTrilons ' 
14 players had scored and everyone 
received quality playing time. 

Your plasma could be worth CASH! 
call 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

We urgentl y seek people to donate 
plasma. You'll receive: 

- Frn Blood Tuts I Free Physicals 
- Paid Cash for Every Visit 

Other programs that donors are 
desperately needed for are : 
-Whole Blood ·Mono ·Lupus 'HIV 
-Chicken Pox -Chacu -Herpes 
Your blood contribution could help 
save a life! Pyramid is a blood bank 
and plasma antibody center dedicated 
to serving our community and 
worldwide health related 
organization s. C.II (or aD 
appoiglmnl, 

San Diego 
(619)298-4011 
S •• Ysidro 

(619)690-4434 

L 
BIOLOGICAL 

~ 
ARE You 
BORINGLY 

HEALTHY~ 
Men and women (ases 18-55) 

in excellent physical and 
mental health needed for a 

BEHABCH STUDY on behavior 
being conducted at UCSO 

School of Medicine. 
Involvement in the slUdy 
~ires approKimately 2-3 
mornings and afternoons 

and ..... 1" clIWMItttI 
for their time. 

To learn more, call 
Esther or 5cephen at 
S5Z-Ist5 nt. 3731. 

SPORTS 13 

Ruge sale. 

. EtJerything in Stock on Sale March 4 .. 6. 

EUROPEAN CYCLES 
I' I, 'I I "il ,'\ \, R I I \ I '" ' " I I' \ Ii I ! " \ I 1 ' 

8915 Towne Centre Drive 
Suitt 100 (Rcnaisanct Caner ntar Rubio's) 
755 Turquoise St. 
(Betw .... P.B. Ind 1I JolIl) 

110-1111 
488-3121' 

COMPLETE $129 tncluc* 
two 6·packs 

EXTENDED WEAR 

~~~f£ $139 
ALL 

specials include lenses, 
eKom, eyecore kil and 
5oI1oW up visil. 

• ~1PTlONS flUID 
• GtASSlS DUftlCATlD 
• COMPIITt m DAMS 

.\ 
• No APPOINTMENT NEassAIl 

Sf HAw. fpANOt 

IIIIlfI). 

Considering the JYdPff is 
due tomortow, aren't ~u 
glad we're ~ all night? 

Y 011 Wlft to make sure your project 100ks its best when you 
tum it in. And since yoo'U JIObably be wodcing on it until 

tbeminute it's due, it's a good thing weneverrurtl in. 

La "Jolia 
8844i57::i'r7~;) 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

"'J~1'5Z 

, 

~ ______ ~ ______________ ~ ________ ~' 1 



14 SPORTS 

Headache Sufferers Wanted 
Don' be 0lIl of tile 45111111ion 
cIIronic hndIdIe suffnrs - hetp is 
1'IIitIbIe. Dr. .......... can put 
hellltll back In your lile. ~1Ic 
treetment and reall&nment of the 
spine lias proven I'tfY effectM in the 
relief of migraine and stresHelated 
headaches. 
~tIc also eflectiwly helps 
• Auto, woril and sports injuries 
• Back, neck and joint pain 
• Fatigue, immune system disorders 

~~- ...... -. 
l J FREE INI11AL EXAMI I 

8199 University Center L.-.I, SUIte 150 ~5 at La Jolla Ylli. DfIIIe S5iB-3I!ilHJI 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VB.O II COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE 
3\1\ COPIES with ... (8.5011 "Me pape-r)-..... -J 

3211 Holiday Court (next to DomIno'. PbD) 412-9949 
M F 9 6 fIll 3 2H 'II 
SAT 10 1 w,tll UCSO 10 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES· 60's, 7(15, & MORE· FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 
----------------

COOL STUFF 
FAIIMAIIS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
..... ___ .""JJI'IN 7 DAYS • 222-0220, ____ .... 

~ •••• - ••• - •••••• - ••••••••• && __ &_~ 

= The Catholic Community at UCSD = 
= invites you to a = 
• • 
• • 
= Coffee House = 
• • 
• • 
• . f d . d' • = -an evenmg 0 come y. musIc. an varIety - = 
• • ~ Saturday Niaht - March 5 - at 7:30 pm = 
• • = ' UCSD international Center. = . 
• • • 
• • • Free Food and coffees from around the world • JAI~~ be aaved = ........................... ~ 

The UCSD Guardiaa MODday. February 28. 19M 

Tritons Bagel Redlands 
SAWING DOGS: Tritons demolish visiting University of Redlands Bulldogs, 9-0 
&yDanS ...... ' 
St." Writer 

The UCSD women's tennis team 
expected an easy match Saturday at 
home against the University of 

Redlands. 
Head Coach 
Liz laPlante 
wasnotdisap-
pointed with 
the out-
come-the 
Tritons were 
on the good 
side of a 9-0 
pounding. 

" The y 
were pretty 
wealc, as we 

expected they wQuld be," laPlante 
said. . . 

N umber-one singles player Diane 
OIandler led the singles assault with 

a methodical 6-1,6-2 vidory. Num-
ber-two seed Michele Malcpban-
sulcal, had il even easier, acing her 
adversary 6-1, 6-1. 

Number-threcHillarySomers(6-
2, 6-1), number-four Michelle 
Wilbur (6-0, 6-1) and number-five 
Miki Kurokawa (6-0,6-1) rounded-
out the UCSD singles domination. 

Sixth-seed Anne Hoecker 
seemed the shakiest, struggling in 
her first set victory, 6-3. She came 
up big in the serond set, though, 
notching a 6-0 triumph. 

Things didn't get any better for 
Redlands in doubles. The number-
two duo of Somers and 
Malephansalcul shut out their hap-
less opponents 6-0, 6-0. 

The top-ranked doubles rombi-
nation of Kurokawa and Heather 
Williams cleaned up, posting a 6-4, 
6-2 victory. 

To round out the doubles sweep, 
Wilbur and Chandler cruised to a 6-
2,6-0win, 

"Unfortunately, our opponents 
really did not give us too much of a 
workout," LaPlante said. 

Jefferson Joins NCAA Contingent 
MASS OR BUST: Michael Jefferson hits NCAA ZOO-yard free qualifying cut 
By Dan Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

With the ronference season com-
pleted, the UCSD swimming and 
diving team has its sights set on the 
NCAA Division 111 Championships, 
to be held in mid-March at Will-
iams, MA. 

On Saturday, three swimmers 
were given their final chance to malce 

SPRING 
BREAK 
VERY 

ECONOMICO! 
• Rooms from $49 plus tax, 

dbl. occ. SlO per additional 
person (max. four per 
room) 

• Free welcome Margarita 
per person 

• Free Mexican combo 
dinner nightly 

• Free pitcher of Margaritas 
on third night of stay 

• Complete European 
Health Spa also available 

• Free Tennis, Pools & 
Jacuzzi 

• Free nightly movies & 
entertainment 

• Just 45 minutes from 
downtown San Diego 

Limittd Availllbilitv 
V,Ilid MIIrch IS-April i ]994 

For reservations all 
(619) 498-8230 or loU-fret: 
1-800-343-8582 

ext. 71 

BEACH 
HOTEL a SPA 

,.,. ..... .At ... ,...., 

the qualifying times forlbe big meet 
Junior Michael Jefferson took 

full advantage of the opportunity, 
turning in a scalding 1 :42.S6 in the 
200-yard freestyle, well under the 
required qualifying time. 

"We hadquitea few [swimmers] 
already qualify," Assistant Swim-
ming Coach Rich Daniels said. 
"There are going to be a lot of really 

. good swims. I'm looking forward to 
people doing really well." 

Two other swimmers, freshman 
Jared Calabrese and sophomore 
Stephen Hartsock, fell just short of 
qualifying, both narrowly missing 
the 2OO-yard backstroke cut. 

"The scene is all set. Now we just 
need to go and show everyone that 
we can do it," Daniels said. 

FUU SERVICE CAR WASH 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR. WASH 

& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Cosla Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

--ucso I 
i L. JOlle Ville •• Dr . ;I 

UTe 
I 
I 

z.@ ·1 I :_.1 Dr. 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE I DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
---------------------- I 

: Full Service $ 99: 
! ~~~6~ P!! !LA!! 3 ..... ~ ! 
I eM WASit Not vllid with 1lIIY OIlIer oller. SAVE $4.28 I I ExpRI4{I(W4 
~----------------- ______ I 

HEPATITIS -
"you have beeryatfected with Hepatitis B. you could 

qualify as a plasma donor, earn extra cash, ·.net beneflt 
medlcel reeearchl 

HemaBiologics, Inc. 
682 .. 5252 

Surf's up s--r JIII-. SbIdy ....... 6411 ............. . .0IIk~ ........... 0I_JI. A-.2I. ... 12 ......... ..., 
.... ( .............. ,.. 
_ ........... ., ..... ... 
...' ·......, •• '111' .. . 
..... ............ ..... 
..., ....... . 

1111 'I, ..... ..... 
mlWc' 01 ..... _ far ........ .. 
=:.:,.c-)m-;""' .~_ ... _ ....... -NTV-_ .... ~.: 

Monday, February 28.1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Earn Weekend Split 
SECOND WIN: UCSD tops La Verne in four games, falls to SDSU in straight sets 
By D .. KnIft 
St." Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball 
team (2-12), playing without jun-
iors Tyson Kerr and Steve Kremser, 

bosted cross-
town rival San 
Diego Stale on 
Saturday night 
in a Mountain 
Pacific Sports 
"",,,,,,~"""'-r~ Fe d era t ion 

match. Perhaps 
the Tritons were 
a bit too hospi-
table. The Az-
tecs invaded the 
Triton gym and 
chalked up a 

straight-set victory over UCSD,15-
12, 15-8, 15-8. 

In the first game, the Tritons 
pulled to within one point at 12-11. 
But SDSU scored the next three 
points to take the set. 

In the second game, SDSU led S-
6 midway through the set. Once 
again, though, UCSD fell victim to 
a point run in which the Aztecs 
c·rushed six straight to gain finn 
control of the game and the match. 

"We were very pleased with [our 
play in] the first two games of the 
malch," Assistanl Coach Mark 
Smith said. "We are playing more 
consistently as the season 
progresses, " 

The Aztecs sprinted to an 11-2 
advantage to open the third game 
and said goodbye to the Trilons, 

Jason RIIcNt/GIIMIIIIII 
Tom Blllck PIIC*I UCSD with 14 kills In th......t lou to IDIU. 
pulling off the sweep. 

UCSD's fortunes were much 
beUer Friday evening against the 
University of La Verne, which beat 
UCSD a week ago. 

The opening game was all Tri-
tons as they pummeled La Verne, 
15-6. 

UCSD slipped past the Leopards 
in game two,15-12, to jump to a 
two-game lead in the contest. 

La Verne battled back with a 15-
13 game-three victory, but UCSD 
was not about to let the match slip 
away. The Tritons charged on to 
victory with a 15-11 triumph. 

USA VoUeybaU Intrasquad Practice at UCSD 
WHEN: Thursday, March 3 from 8a.m to U p.m. at the Trite. Mat. Gym 

On Thursday, the Uniled States portunity for UCSD students to get which takes place from 9 toll a.m. 
men's volleyball team will hold a a peek at such international stars as Then, from l1a.m. until noon, the 
special intrasquad practice in the Bob Samuelson and Bryan Ivie. USA team will have a special match 
Triton Gym. From 8 to 9 a.m., the team will against Ed Machado's advanced 

This game will be a unique op- warm up for their intrasquad game, volleyball class, 

UCSD Falls to Biola in SCC Championship 
sec INVITE: Tritons crush Eagles to go to fmals, then lose to same team for title 
By Jeff PraUCht 61P, lR, 10H) wasn't exactly fool- . first inning, which led to the Eagles' 
st." Writer ing Biola's offense, but the Eagles only runs of the game. 

The UCSD baseball team found rouldn't get the big hit when they Scoll Allen led off with a walk 
out just how tough it isto beat a team needed it, They rapped eight hits in and advanced to second on a 
twiceinarowonbaclt-ta-backdays the first four innings, but had only groundout. Scott Fleming's 

last week- one run to show for it. grounder to second scored Allen. 
end. The Tri- DelFavero led the Triton defen- Tyler Williamson then slapped a 
tons man- sive effort, adding to his offensive base hit off of Flanagan's leg, put-
han dIe d clout (2-3, 3RBI) by throwing out ting runners on first and second. 
Biola on Fri- two baserunners, picking off an- Dana Oviatt followed by grounding 
day to ad- other from second and tagging out a toOirisMiyalceatsbortstop.Miyake 
vance to the fourth in a flawless rundown. Throw made the throw to second to get tbe 
finals of the in a pair of double plays and UCSD force, but Quandt threw the ball past 
Sou the r n was wiping Biola's base-runners off O'Brien at first, bringing home 
California the diamond as faslas it could reach Fleming with the second run. 
Collegelnvi- them. Flanagan (2-1, SIP, OER, 3H) 
lational, but Pitcher Rob Wylie bore the brunt couldn't be touched after that, ai-
Biola (S-4) of UCSD's assault, yielding five lowing only three hits in a complete-
had the last runs in the sixth. Birk and O'Brien game loss. Flanagan hasn't given up 

laugh in a 2-1 victory on Saturday. opened with back·ta-back doubles, an earned run in 21 and 2/3 innings. 
UCSD (6-2), riding a 2-1 lead and Ramirez added aJ.theroneout "He threw really well again," 

into its half of the third inning on later. Alban (4-5, 2RBI) singled to Yates said. "He deserved belter, es-
Friday, exploded for three runs. cent,Ct';to score Ramirez.. .nd the pecially after that fiasco in the first 

AI DelFavero knocked in two rout,.was undetway, Thinas-got so inning." 
runs with a one-out double, and badfot Biola that it had toeend In its tfCSD's only run came in the 
Bobby Alban addccl a "In-scoring riabl: ficJder to finish the last two ninth when DelFavero reached sec-
single to give UCSD a 5-1 edge. iRniOss. ' OIIdonanerror. With Aaron Geddins 

The ~itons hardly n •• d to .' henall was said and done, Jhe pincb-ruaning, Ramirez pounded 
swing the bat iii Ihe fourth. £ric T~' eamed a 13-5 win, snapping out and Birk reached on another " 
Quandt walkeCl and stole second to the gles' seven-game winning error, scoring Geddins. But ¥ 
open Ih. frame, W' s, starter Bri.n Rhoades retired Ar."n 
Armandcf Sanchez _.. ~k i victory wi. the 'SOOth of and AguiJir to end the game. 
were botli hit by pi~1Qtdihe U M .... rLy .. Yalel' career. ·We're a little embarrassed at 
bases. DIn O'Brlea · tbeft--:'came I cad ofreachina mDber 501 the outc:ome.-b ..... Biola iIII!1 
through ~ith the alwayi.cxcitina on rday, Yarea' team y(u lina~ tbat Jood of a team," Yates said. 
raelder'. choice to ICOn Quandt, ing. blues in a 2-1 lou to Biola. ·We·re JOina to take tbat 1IeCIOnd-
elltendinj'the lead to 6-1. 1$tonburlerRyanFlaaapnwu pa.celrophy andao throw iliatothe 

UCSDlIMters.w H.IPI(l~ ., viGliiiJJed by two mJaIaapa ~D the canyon ......... "'f .. ~. . -. ,", '.Ii":. ;';v 

SPORTS 15 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456-BREW 

College IO/proof of age required. 

~ ~ Kound Table Pizza • 
INTRAMURAL TEAM Of lHE WEEK 
PASS THE DUCTCIIE It's appropriate thai we give our Team 
Of The Week award this week to our # 1 'AM' basketball 
learn. It is the beginning of March and we all know what 
that means, 'March Madness' time. Yep, basket.ball on the 
mind timel Who's gain' to Disneyland? Who will win it 
all? Well , our guess is it is going to be the hottest squad at 
UCSD, team name. Come the end of March look for Dick 
Vitale to be screaming "The Ductchie wins it all! I!I Unbe-
lievablylill Oh, baby!!" 

S 

u C S D 

bike 
H o p 

*-.. (,(50 ~Recrtolon 

BIKE 
every '93 in stock 

Tune Ups now $30 
fonm'l1ySJ5 

" 

FREE 'Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nighis· . 



- .,. 

'< J ' 

r . 

16CLASSlflEl)S The UCSD GaanIiu 

\\\01 \t 1'\11\1'" 
A~NTlON ICE HOCKEY 'ANal 
Warren's SAC now seiling gulls 
ticket, at group rates. Call 534-3872. 
(2124-2/28) CLASSIFIEDS 
UKE VIDEO GAllES? POOL? Mortal 
Combat, MBA Jam. others at Earl', 
Funhoule In Warren's SAC. (2124-2128) 

ATTENTION PRE-IIEDSI It's not too 
late to sign up for the best MeAT p!"ep. 
(CIalSatar1B3/1).CelKAPlANtormore 
Into. 2n-6744 . (2124-3/10) 

RUSSIAN PANElDISCUSSlON ... Grad 
& undergrad ,tud.nts will share 
their p.rsonal p.rsp.ctiv.s 
r.gardlng the changing pOlitical, 
.conomlc. & social situation In 
RUllia. Everyon. is w.lcom. to 
bring th.ir lunch & Join us. Call 
534-3730 for more info. (2/24 -3/3) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incmnents. 1he rate per 15 KmU if $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and sfQjf, and $4 for others. PaymenJ in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hursday for Monday~ 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for ThurstlIly~ issue. The Guardian ~ the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.MaiJingaddress: UCSD Guardian,Attn: CItJssifieds, 9500GilmanDrive; 
0316, LaJolJQ, Qt 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

ATIENTlON: STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING Is now hiring branch 
op.rators for the summ.r of '94 . Earn 
up to S15.ooo and gat the busin.ss 
.xp.ri.nc. of a lif.tlm • . Call 1-800-
955-7557 . Positions filling fast 
throughout California . (1/10-3/10) 

Sales-marketlng; fulor part time. Sports 
and nutrIIion r.lated. Excellent earning 
potential. CaB Mik. at 453-6029 for 
~Intornwrtion. (1/1~3/10) 

ATIENTION : for.lgn atud.nts from 
AustrIIIIa. Canada. Hong Kong, Japan, 
and New Z8a1and. Excellent buIi.--a 
opportunity In your country. For 
Infonnalion call 453-6029. Ask for Mlle • . 
(1/1 0-3/1 0) 

ervr-:Graduailland~. 
24 hour car •• r line. 310-358-8257. 
National Job Search. Exciting 
Opportunities. (1/24-313) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. N.ed.d youth 
camp couns.lors, skiboat driv.rs, 
sailing and surfing instructors. Hiring 
now, apply in person at Mission Bay 
Sportc.nter, 1 01 0 Santa Clara Plac., 
488-1004. (2/7-4/14) . 

SSTUDENTSS Are you 18 or older? 
Warma earn $5OO-$5000/month PT/FT. 
Available immed. new to San Diego. 
Needs you 453-1585. (211 ~3m 
AA Cruise & Travel employm.nt 
gu lda. Earn big IS$ + travel the 
world free I (Caribbean , Europe, 
Hawaii , Asial) Hurryl Busy spring/ 
summer seasons approaching . 
Free travel club m.mbershlpl Call 
(919) 929-4398. (2/17-4/11) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Eam up 
to$2,OOO+/mo. on Cruis. Ships or Land-
Tour companies. Summer & Full-Time 
employm.nt availabl. . No .xp. 
naceeuy. For Info. callI -206-634-0468 
ext. C5976. (2122-3/10) 

TV Production staff! Musical band.1 
Technical producers, TO(.) , Camera(s), 
PA(.), Wrlter(s), AN EdItor(l) , others. 
(619) 2»9378. (2122-2128) 

Interested in eernIng money and gaining 
job experience at a law office? Local firm 
has entry laval openings. caJl887-7651 
for more details. (2122-313) 

Mira Mesa. House work & errands. 3hrs. 
week. $25. Anne 536-9393. (2122-2128) 

Mother'a h.lper/lltter wanted. Must 
drlv. with good record. Tu.ld.y .nd 
Thursday morning. In Enclnlta • . Pay 
n.gotlabl • . Pl .... I.av. m .... g •. 
944-1588. (2/24-2/28) 

su .... e .. TEACHINO POSITIONS 
Reading .nrlchment programs for 
children and adult. .pon,or.d by 
unlveralti.a throughout South.rn 
CalIfornIa. Full-time teaching, $450 to 
S500/we.k Summer t.achlng pay, 
medlcalbeneftta. F!ex-time paid tralnlng. 
Warm, energetic graduate ItUdenta and 
graduating ...". only. Car reqund. 
PIeaae cal (310)984-5587, (310)428-
1171, or (310)428-2370. (2124-4/4) 

W..-iId: ~ b" laJoIe IJIIe 1..8ague. 
Contad ctwIee 453-7887. (2128) 

DAY CAMPS serving Conejo & San 
Fernando Valleys, Simi, camarillo & 
Malibu seek fun , caring gene,al 
counMIora a apecIaIlnatNoIora for 
natura, gym, horHback riding, flahlng/ 
boating, crafts, swimming, song leading, 
ropes course & mor • . Now inteMewing 
818-885-8263. (2124-4/4) 

TIIiIJrM1<eting - PIT, ~, $7.50 per 
hcu.l.aJoleeon...".needluwytakers. 
Contad EYe. 86&-7330. (m8-3I3) 

P08taI Jobs Avallablel Many positions. 
Great beneftts. C&l1-800-436-4365. Ext. 
P-3387. (2128-4/7) 

FOH S \LE 
For sale. Comfortable sofa with matching 
glass top table. $200. Coffee table $50. 
caJI457-3037. (2/3-2128) 

1984 VWRabblt Convertible. Red, white 
top. Looks and runt great. NC. 3,300 
abo. 587-9528. (2117-313) 

SNOWBOARD - 'to Kemper Rampage. 
Good condition, and great fof IMmIng. 
$80. Call JaIon 548-1017. (2122-2128) 

PInk FIoydI 2 Excellent ..... $85 each. 
abo. Adam 554-0724. (2122-2128) 

For Sale: Twin Bed ($110), Twin Futon 
(S 100), glass coffee table ($40), Dreuer 
(5100), TV Stand (S15), lMnp ($10) ... 
cal Tarrl458-0870. (2122-3110) 

Remyb" Spr1ng Break! $280 Coo ..... 
AIIIne TIcIIIt ~ $175. e.ne 
May. CII MIle 54&8021. C'lJ28-3I1C11 
PINK FLOYD TICKETS - Loge Center 
Section - AprIl 14 Jack Murphy StadIum 
570tirm- (Lan) 467 .. 148 (5 IeftII) (2/28) 

JanetJacklon TIcIc8ta, LA Forum, March 
7. Cell Tasha 587-2198. (2128-313) 

'71 VW Bug. New red paint, Ink .. , 
1IIeerIng, rebuild engine, sunroof. Must 
MIl. $2500. 546-8021. (2128-313) 

Mountain bike. '93 Scott Saudoa, 
ShImano AJtus A10(A20 components. 
$325 or belt offer. 858-9417. (2128-313) 

INTERNET ACCESS to your "VIrtual" 
door: Good terminals for sale. 434-5786. 
(2/28-317) 

SURFBOARD -6'2· Neutrontrl-fln board 
w/leaSh. Good condition and great for 
learning. S85 abo. C8J Ralph 455-1944. 
(2128-313) 
AT&T Uni~ PC with MS DOS co-
processor, will trade for Mac LC or laptop. 
Ken 598-0421 . (2128) 

HP-28S SymboliclScientifi calculator 
for sale. Excellent for all &clence, math 
and .tats need • . $60.00. Call 822-114 7. 
(2128-3/31 ) 

SELF. PROTECTION: PeraonaI beeper 
alarma, $20 .00 . HOME/DORM 
PROTECOON-lW1gIngdoolknoblllClrly 
aIaIme - 120.00. 421-a8113. (2128) 

GuercIoaI-SlX, 58 em. AI Campy C 
Record. New rim and ConII tubulara. 
$875. 452-2275. (2128) 

SeIzed c.-.. trucks. boata. 4 wheelera, 
motorhome., by FBI, IRS, DEA. 
Nationwide auction listing. available 
now. Cell 1-800-438-4383 Ext. C-7556. 
(2/28-417) 

OWN VOUR OWN HOME-UCSD Staff 
and Studant DISCOUNTS. Great 
financing. N.ar UCSD. 1,2brs 
5120,000'1+ &3In$1!50.000+. Condoe 
to luxury homeIlIIVIng La Jolla, Univ. 
CIty, Mira ~ Del Mao, Pac:IfIc Bch, 
Clairemont. Need to SELL. see what 11 
YEARS EXPERIENCE can dol REJMax 
Aaeoc.JudIth Haddox, Realtor. 81 ... 275-
26t8. (217-2128) 

Rent Free - Shant 2 80, 2 SA La .lola 
condo -2 bIocIas fran ~ In exchange 
tor minimal care 01 bI-poIar, diabetic 
graduate student. Seeking mature. 
rMpOl1lllle perwon. 458-1068. (217-317) 

Large, clean room w/cannected bath 
IlV1IiIabIe In condo. $380 + $125 dep. + 
1/4 uIiI. 558-2152. (213-3110) 

R.naJaaance: Roommate wanted to 
share master b8droom Waaherldryer; 
gated parking, gym. pool, 1IrepIaca. S295 
+ 1/3 utiIItIea + deposit. Call Diane 597-
0927 or KrIsty 535-1711 . (213·2/28) 

FREE 8'x4' deek aasembly. F.male 
to ahare with 2 f.males . Master bedl 
bath, balcony. All amenities + waeher, 
dryer, fir.place. UTC - late area. 
Walk to Vona. $365/month . Call Josh 
535-1276. (2/10-3/10) 

Own roomIbath In PB. Weeher/dryer + 
extrasl Spring quarter only $4OOImo. + 
1/2 utilities. 272-4724. (2114-2128) 

M/F roommate want.d: $345/month 
for own room clo .. to campus (eaay 
bike or bu. rid.), cable, own 
bathroom, washer/dry.r , gre.t 
parking. no smoker. pl ..... Call Ed 
or Erik at 625-0818. (2117-2/28) 

MeAT Focus and Conlnlitnlcnt -\Vc"rr Here f«)r \'OU 
* If you are going to be a member of the medical profession. &C1 serious 

about your approllCh. For many students, a superior MCAT score 
is the only thing standing between them and a spot at one of 

Focus. We've been prepping pre-meds fOr four yean now. and doing 
pre-med science assistance programs for six. So far. we .have 

focused on one test only for preprofCS!ional students-the MeAT. 
our nation's 126 allopathic medical schools. 

* Carefully jnvestj&ate the various prep programs. 
If you choose an intensive course. be sure you know 
exactly what it orrers. What wiU you be spending 
your money and time doing? And remember. 

PBOFR'''IOII1 ' As a ~sult, we believe we ofTer ~ hcil commercially .,.,~ ~ available MCAT prep program m the country. but we are 
always looking for ways to improve it. 

ads can manipulate you, but students won't 
* Ask your friends . What course did you take? 

Commibnent. We have a commitment to 
continually upgrade our program-based on 

both research and student feedback. Our course 
changes each admjnjslrAtjop--not every few yean. 

We already ofTer more pages of higb-quality all-lake-What were its benefits and drawbacks? 
Upperclassmen/women will give it to you straight. 

* You need a program that J!II.ShcI and cballCQ&es you, 
that shar:pcns you for this grueling, highly competitive. 

PREP-COURSE" lm.Iz (and with pOnied solutions for quick review) prasaaes and review materials than any other course. Morc mocunls 
and sometimes even arbitrary leSt. Such a program exists. 
Get in on it. Call us 9AM-9PM if you'd like to fmd out more. 

619455-1000 9arnto9pm 

lin shorter more efficient blocks>' mga; bona, and ~ 
jnstruc!OD who can ""h bolh concepti qnd JCSt-takjolskjIJl. 

Please call us anytime to discuss your couna or the MCAT prepua-
tion process. We have apawm for you-our first line of support it not 
an answering service, .. recepdonist, or any ocher uninformed source. 
We have c!oac MOYCOjcDl II!d pmonal (24 NI"'''> c!wrpog& rilbl 

SWnmer Schedules ~.. .. pcll tp sag'" Call us to find out what we can do for you. 
Available Now. ~..... ... . 1 .... ~ 

• "~"'-~~8 .j~j ~ ~~~ ~,.. ~ U_m'lDllIlI1ll .. A.rtflEmT." =:!J Just AOe It. 

...... " Febnaary ZI,I9M 

Non-Smoking female room .. ate 
w.nted 3br. 2.eb.th. 2-ltory 
townhouse, wId, pool, Ig balcony, 
covered pkg. OREAT roommatftl 
Naar campualUTC. SIngle br 1329 + 
1/4 utllltl ... 457-0131. (2122-3/10) 
SecurItyI ~ I..uICuryI StyIeI . 
SpacioI_ 2bd 2t. apt fumWIed, high 
cell.. balcony a .kyllghtt. Pool, 
jacuzzi, aama, ~1IIbaII. H2O + trash 
Included. II mh UCSO. AwM. 3120. can 
458-0152. 2-4 people. (2117-313) 

Female roommate wanted to .hare 
apacbacondo 1 rNlaflamUCSD. S325I 
mo. + 113 utIItIea. Pool, jacuzzi. tanniI 
and perking 1ncIudad. Cell 453-8343. 
Available Mardllll (2/17-313) 

Uve In INTERNAnONAL HOUSE next 
y.arl Located In P.pper Canyon; 
provIdea International atrno.phere with 
resIdenIa from fNfI/f 40 countries. Must 
be a Jr., Sr., greduate stud.nt, or 
,..,-char, byfall, to apply. AppIicatIoIlS 
awlIabIe at Pepper Canyon office. DUE 
MARCH 11 . 0ueatI0na? CaJl534-2261 . 
(2122-3/10) 

·FURNISHED CONDO - Regenta Rd. 2 
BOA., 1 SA. Balcony. $825.00. 61 ... 
2n-2185. (2122-3131) 

Female roommate wanted. Own room. 
Near UTCIEaatgaae. $32OImo. + 1/3 util. 
Avail. 3/2HI/30. 10 min bike ride to 
UCSO. Happy Homel Call Kathy 455-
7018. (2124-313) 

MaJelFamaJe roommate wanted In La 
JoIIaIUTC .... Own room, baIh, WID, 
parking apKe. Sunny, dean 2br12ba 
condo. Aval. orVy 311~12/10. Shar. w/ 
female proIeeaIonaJ. Must love cats and 
be rnponalble. $400 + 112 utiIltiea. 
(negotiable) . cal 587-6115. (2122-317) 

WANTED; Mature. quiet. reeponaI:IIe 
room"'e. OWn room/bIIIh, waaherl 
dryer, La Cima Apt. Pool, gym, nice 
..... S4OOImonth + 1/2 utIItIea. Stave 
858-0781. (2124-313) 

LaJola2badroom.l balhapartmenttor 
rent "SpaniIh-vtla· ambiaIlCI. Just IIIepe 
to the beach. SI ~$11 OOmonlh. DrIve 
by 332 Prospect Street or cal Ell. 4511-
5848. (2124-2128) 

Double room .vall.bl.. Mellow 
roommates needed to share room In 
condo,.., Ralph's, WMhar, pool, gym, 
455-8838. (2124-313) 

Roommates Wanted: Great 3BRI2BA 
house In West CIa/femont, 5 min. to 
UCSD. Avail. April 1 . $350, first & last. no 
dep. CaB Frank 272-0818. (2124-3/28) 

UNIVERSITY CITY S2IS. Femal. 
ne.ded for own room In nlc. house. 
Patio, plano, cable TV, wuher/dryer, 
12 minutes to UCSD. No smokers, 
p.ts, or drug. pleee • . Call Mark or 
Agnes 534-2391 or 534-3383 
(mee .. g.) . (2/28-3/10) 

Seller financing available. 1 bedroom 
'- end un. - walk to UCSO. Cell 
Eileen, agent. 982-0811 pager. (2128) 

Seeking r .. pon.lbl •. mature p.rson 
to ah.re 3BR/2.5 bath bi-l.v.1 
townhous • . Own BRibath. Hou .. ha, 
laundry, pool, dlshwa.her, plano. 
Near UTC, UCSO bu.llne , no 
.mokers/.ub.tance abusers. $375/ 
mo. + utll. Call Mark or Joan 546-
0655. (2/28) 

Fem.le roommata : UTC. Own 
b.droom, c.ble TV, dlshwa.her, 
laundry, bUlllne, pool. 1350. 1/3 
utilities. 457-5875. (2121-3/3) 

Uveln the UTC area nowl Own room, 
.hare bath. $3211 + 113 utll . 825-0319. 
(2128-313) 
Roommatewanled to ___ large maater 
wIIh canyon view. $28OIfIIQ'Ith. CIoH to 
c:ampua. 452 .. 758. (2128-3/3) 

Privacy - own room, townhouaa next 
to UTC. 4 different bu .... to ucse, 
tannla. pool, apa. garage, 
dl.hwahar, washer/dryer. Avallabl. 
3118-11/31 . S3301month + 1/4 ulllltl ... 
Alan 825-0443. (2128-313) 
Roomm.t. needed, a 2 floor 
townhouM In Del Mar. 2 mlnut .. to 
the beIIotI. IIua I".. and freeway 7 
mlnulee to UC80. nlc. beckyard. 
washer/dryer. flr.placl, Iwlmmlng 
pool. quiet ..... Own room. Male Of 
......... living willi 1 .... atudenIII, 
8YlM.bIe 414114, t3751n1on1h. Cell 
711-0258. (l18-li'0) 

·II-.lay, Felt....., 28, 19M 

.... _ a.ctI. 1-1 ..... r ,... 
bus, ....... 1Iundry. 10 ...... 0080, 
I3IIO«B+W ........ 1 • ......" 
......, EIA _.GO ... ball). N..-
M. UC8D. UTe,"" 'E'* March 1 Of 
t.fDre. 587-1 ... (2JINI3) 
0.. ... (bIllEt ............... 
.... al"~ ............. nan-
.,.,., to ... 2 badIOCIm, 2.5 bIhoom 
condo I7f 0080. AnmIIaa: RrcnIbIal 
...... w." • .,.. DIIh .... lV, 

\O\~,. T WOM$oeIO,u •• 
pka1fl&-.r, ............... a....., 
... MIg an ......... nIDIrI 467-

31130.~ 

PASSPORT PlCTURESI Only $5.85. 
Whleyou .... Xaraxeaand more. Near 
St. GarmaIna. 452 .... (1012H12) 

La JoIa BwtIarIhop. 0uaIIty BartJerIng. 
Haireulll8.00. 451-5792. (113-3110) 

Losa fat without Dieting.. . Doctor 
auparvIaed T~ evening lecture, Of 
cal 452-2182. (113-4t'11) 

Violin/Vioia L •• son.. You or your 
chId(ran) can ieamfrananexparlw iCed. 
pror.atonaI teacher. Now ac:cepting 
atudarrII- .. agee and levels weIcomel 
Call ConnId 488.()525. (1/10-3110) 

Ybd pOOllliilli III oIMikild. Iwgeor ...... 
QickilUn,pcl 1 ... quaIty.C'AllJanat 
orCwai. v.7382. (1/10-3110) 
Word ProcesalngITyplng: Academic 

~papM,""booka,""" 
awfIcIiIIoi" ~ 1W'oIIce. Mary 
Ann45M438. (1/10-3110) 
GREEKS & CLUBS. Earn .....,ror 
vouraetf pIua uptolllOOfor yourclubl 
This fundraisef coets nothing and lata 
one week. Cell now and receive a free 
gift. 1-800-932-0528 .xt. 85. (1120-3/7) 

Word ProceeaIng, DIssertation Work, 
AppIIcaIIona, Reports, Reaumes, editing, 
Tr-'aIIon, OIhercomputarreiatedjobe. 
459-5909. (1/24-3/10) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SE .. VICES: 
8pacIaIty In EATING DISORDERS. 
IndIwiduaI and graup....., ....... 
Cell CIndy~. 571-1 .... (1127-414) 

ShlpplnglMovlnt? Get your stuff 
1DgIIIher ..... do .. NIt 1 to 1000 
pounda. TIll Pml ....... SIIn.IIJO.782-
2211. (!l/7-1Jf1l) 

Wold Pre C 1II111g/AudIo TralllcrlPtion. 
PId ulaolal. PerIonabIe. Vary sidled. 
~ + IW8ardI a book PlIbIIcaIion 
bacIcground. 221-0030. (2122-3110) 

Gular Iaaaonal Any-atyIe, on campus or 
aft, begII*" llltoadvanced. MurIcIanIhip, 
theory, technique. sa ~ playing, 5 

~ tNchIng experIeIlCI.11CW1aMon. 
Dave 942-3212. (2/14-2128) 

HAIRCUT. SHAMPOO. BlOW DRY-
510. UnIcurt Salon: 1472 Gamel Ava., 
PB 274-8885. Oreal prIce-Oreet Nt (21 
24-3110) 

~ REu.dI Reports: • . 00 per 
page. MaIarIrII tor ...-ell MIIaIant 
I.e onIyIl CUllom RIE EFI'Ch A'MIIabIe. 
VIIrJMC. Cell today! 1-800-358-Il001 . 
(2128) 
BETH'S WORD PROCESSING 
SERVICE: Dls.ertatlon •• Th ..... 
PaperI (MedIcal, Ellginea(,tlll ExpartIee); 
~; OenerIIITypIng;800dplluer 
printer, FAX Modem; reuonabIe raIea; 
451'()130. (2/28-3110) 

\\ \"\'1'1-:1) 
e.m 1100.00. SubjectI wanted for a 
study on aJcohoI'. e"ect. If you are a 
Japane •• , Chin.ae , or Korean, 
Americ.n-born male, call Scripps 
Research Institute tor more information. 
554-7240. (1/3-3/10) 

• 

The UCSD Gaardiua 

UCID ...... c.n.rr ..... hiIiiItIIy 
~ egaa1NO, b". 2 haw IbIy 
... • ....,... 110.- ...... wlbe 
pn:MdwI. CalDIb.54N314. (1/31-31101 

~"""WNmD.HanwI, 
CIIIrIg docU..n,,,, ~ 1001 ~ pail 
..... NcJn.h.". 001_ .... CW'e. 
S300 In ..... b" pwtaIpetIoi L CII b" 
deIIII: 5I5l-3800. QI24-3I1 CII 
VocaIl.t + keyboardl.t needed for 
serlou., progressive rock band . 
InfIuencea: RUllI. Vea, Dr.m Theater. 
c.II Shane. 657-11167. (2128-3/10) 
Earn cash or movte tickets tor ~ 
partIcIpationl Engllah-1PMklng coIege 
menneedadtorPhOllUdylnpaychology. 
SeaaIonatake 45 minIAea. Help meflnlsh 
graduate schooIl Cell Cerrie, -oog., 
527'()778. (2128-3110) 

WANTED; Women who WOttc part-time 
AND aIao go to school at least haIf-time 
who .. ~ to: Walch tim cIIpt/FIII 
outuveylEamcaaMielprneGradualeI 
Kelley 1188-3211 . (2128) 

LO~l \ \ D Fe H \ It 
FOUNO:~~In"~pwtclnglat 
onW13. C11822-1147todlinl. (2122-3110) 

LOST 2117IM: Sliver, blu., green 
tw.oeIel Between HaSS and lot 1208. 
c.11712-0034. Reward. (2/28-313) 

REWARD tor !oat 18mm tim "Castro 
Street" rut seen In UCSO VIsual Art 
complex. film Is In Flat 14· grey plastic 
can will UCSO AV label on aide. ca. 
558-7487. (2128-313) 

LOST- ~blueM"''''.1...ogo-/nIIn 
care 1iiIIIly, KC FUIenan MI. You c:aIed 
once. .... cal again. l..eI\I8 rneIiIIIgI. 
RIMad. s.-~. (2/28) 

URGENT! EARTHQUAKE COMING TO 
SAN DIEGO. PUT CRUCIFIXES ON 
ALL YOUR DOORSI OUR LADIES 
WORKeR. (2128-3128) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

ANN SiMONTON 
SEX, POWER,ANDTHE MEDIA: 

Rethinking the Myths of America's Dream Girl 
ANN SIMONTON is one of the nation's IWing authorities on the effects 
01 media images and has travelled nationwide to present her compelling 
expose on the disturbing effects 01 advertising, pornography, and bauty 
pagants. Simonton is the coordinator of Media Witch. the orpniDtion 
behind the vociferous and flamboyant MYTH Cllifornia Protest. central foe 
of the entire Miss America Proamn. 

TUESDAY, MARCH I 
7:00 pm· 9:00 pm 

Solis Hall 107 Thurpod Marshall CoIIeae 
Fer M_ Information Cal Sl4 - '701 

Sensitit'e, Affordable Dental Care 
Did you know ••• 

._.that preventi~ dmtal treatment actually lowers ~ cost of your dental 
care ower the long tenn' With fq!UIar check-ups and cleanings we can catch 
thole little problems before they become big ~. and prevent build-up on 
your teeeh from causing tissue breakdown and bone loss. 

So why nO( take care of your mouth at least as well as you take care of 
your car and bring ~If in for a dieck-up and cleaning ... so you won't 
'- lin Ipmd a 1111811 fortune 00 a new fortune on a new model in the future. 

Your natural smile is a treasure worth protecting ... and with today's 
advanca in cosmetic techniques, we can even mae it brighter than ever at 
m1nlmaI Qpen5e to you. Call \IS today! 

LA JOUA VIUAGE DENTAL OmCE 
James E. Sanford, D.D.S. 

General, Preventalive. and Cosmetic Serv ices 
Mosr insurance /lCUpwl • Mtmbtr ADA, CDA, SOCDS 

La JoUa ViIJDce ProfusiorvJJ Cenm. I-S 01 La} .... Villaw Drivt 
8950 ViDa La Jolk Dr., Suite 2103· TO/1/1oor ,i"" btIIind riot Eltp/oan. Bar 

Emaing & Saturday appointments availablL 558·3490 

.~ 

Fun and.-..L. • 
__ ,....-. •• ,ona. 
_' ... v.ph.,.." 

~ '~",,?~., ~.~ ..' 

, " 

Call 535-1433 for info 
« visit 711 tM.niIy CAnIIr, 2nd Boor, 

(aIxM 0ubD AMnIurw, Wind Iht.., VtIUIII Arts Building, 
.... fifIh Coi9J to RI ouIan ~I 

II RTCI1 ~,Y.I.Q 
10 am .. 2 pm 

March 1 ... 3 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

••• fiIl 



I~ 

- .... 

·r 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Leaves It to Beaver 
Au.-nMER: Senior Lisa Beaver ends career by breaking UCSD scoring record 
By Aron Mille, 
Associate Sports Editor 

You're five feet, 10 inches tall 
and you 're playing defense in the 
low post, trying to stop a six-foot, 
three-inch power wbo makes you 
look like a midget. You'd have an 
easier time moving a small build-
ing. Your foe gets the pass, pump 
fakes, flicks you away like a bother-
some fly and banks the ball off the 
glass and into the basket with the 
greatest of ease. 

That's what it was like for the 
women trying to guard UCSD bas-
ketball center Lisa Beaver during 
her four-year career as a starter for 
the Tritons. 

That storied career and the UCSD 
women's basketball season came to 
an end Friday night when Beaver, 
needi ng on I y one basket to break the 
all-time scoring record at UCSD, 
threw down 25 points, vaulting her 
into the cream of the crop with 1,274 
points. 

"It 's great," Beaver said of the 
milestone. "I never thought at the 
beginningoftheseason thatI'd break 
that record. I just wish there were 
more people there to see it." 

Beaver's name was synonymous 
with UCSD women's hoops over 
the last four years, as she estab-
lished herself as one of the most 
unstoppable forces in Triton his-

tory. Among her achievements: sec-
ond all-time rebounder with 867, 
second in career field-goal percent-
age with a mark of just under 53 
percent, and 99 career games played. 

So did the senior standout ac-
complish everything that she set out 
to during her career? 

"I think so," Beaver said. "It's 
been really fun all four years here [at 
UCSD ].1 've always had really great 
teammates to play with. I would've 

...... W!ltll. ..•• , 
mmmlI . 
...,., ................... 
1L"'_~~" W 
2C.n~ 
3M1Wj,.. 
4Judy~ 
5Ju111 
'jd,iliiii"fttM 
...,., 

1..., 
2 Usa Be_ (89-94) 
3C1r1 ~ 
4 Jill IIDster (86-89) 
5 ... GI!PL.(IUIJ 

47 21.3 

867 99 8.8 
170 sa. I.e' 
681 76 9.0 
eu 

'" - .. _--
liked to have gone to Regionals, but 
oh well." 

UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone 
attributes much of Beaver's suc-
cess, and the competitive nature of 
the entire UCSD program, to 
Beaver's ability to use her size to 
her advantage. 

"Sbe 's always been big, a1tbough 
she's grown a little since her fresh-
man year," Malone said. "Just hav-
ing her in the game makes other 
teams change up tbeirdefense. They 
constantJy have to belp out and 
double team. Sbe's been great 
[throughoul her career]." 

With her time at UCSD now 
spent, Beaver rests her aching bones 
and juggles mixed emotions. 

"Physically, I'm relieved that it's 
all over. My legs are shot," Beaver 
said. "I'll miss playioghere, lhough. 
And I wisb I bad a cbance to play at 
R.I.M.A.C. [Recrealion and Intn-
mural Athletic Complex, which will 
open during the Fall of 1994]." 

During her four years as a Triton, 
Beaver increased ber production 
with each new year. Before her fresh-
man season, during which she aver-
aged nine points and seven rebounds 
per game and was named UCSD 
Rookie of the Year, the 1989-90 
media guide said Beaver, "has po-
tential to become one of the top 
centers to wear a UCSD uniform." 
How prophetic. 

Although Beaver's name appears 
on all kinds of Triton career lop-10 
lists, one area in wbich she is not 
exceptionally effective is three-point 
shooting. 

Nonelheless, tbe woman who 
practically made a living pounding 

UCSD Shines at CCAA· Relays 
JOINT MEET: Tritons tum in strong outings in invite with Cal Poly, State schools 
By Tedd Ladd relays made up of combinalion efforts in the lriple jump (34' to.5") 
StBff Writer squads. and the long jump (16' 6"). 

Nothingcan stop the UCSD track "It was an informal mini-confer- On the men's side, there was no 
and field team Ihese days. Not the ence championship," Salerno said. shortage of high finishes for UCSD. 
absence of key players. Not the fact While Ihe Cal-States and Cal- The Triton men pounded the 

THHCK 
- -,.'-'~~ 

FIELD 

that freshmen Polys nosed out the ues in total com~ion in the javelin by taking 
and sop ho- points, several UCSD members gar- Ihe first-, second- and fourth-place 
mores domi- nered top-tO finishes against the slots, thanks to command perfor-
nate its roster. stiff Division II competition. mances by Jason Barry (169' 7"), 
And certainly In the women's discus, Tara Marc Sleenhof (166' 2") and Jeff 
not teaming up Monaghan, Joanna Whitley and Schnitz (153' 7"). 
with UC Riv- Tonia Beauchamp garnered seventh, In a flurry of fifth-place finishes, 
erside. eighth and ninth-place honors, re- Sleenbofcaptured a fiftb-place mark 

"UCR has spectively. in the discus witb a dislance of 134' 
usually had a Michaela Monahan, a welcome 1", Barry finished fifth in the sbot-
weak team in surprise in the 400 intermediate pulwith38'lO.5"andRandyBuehler 
the past," Head hurdles, took first place wilh a time grabbed a fifth-place award in Ihe 
Coach Tony of 65.1 seconds. hammer-throw (153' 11 "). 
Salerno said. "[Monahan] did very well," In the men's relays, UCR and 

"This year they actually helped us." Salerno said. "She was definitely UCSD combined to win the dis-
The format for Saturday's an- one of our highlight performers." tancemedley(1O:23.47),and to take 

nual CCAA Relays at Cal-State Los Michele Domico, while posting second in the 4 x 1600 relay 
Angeles paired sister schools up slightly lower marks than al the A11- (18:11.99) and the 4 x 800 relay 
againsl each olher and had track Comers Meetlast week, put in solid (8:11.3). 

opponents to the floor and grinding 
it out in the trenches wanted to add 
one more stat to ber already mon-
strous statistical resumeS. 

Late in Friday oight 's game, Bea-
ver stopped and popped from three-
point land for ber first-ever trey. 

SUPPORT: 
Baseball needs fans 
Continued from PllCe 20 
limes than Wilt Chamberlain. And 
you missed the return of Ryan 
Aallagan, who's been superb since 
his return from last season's injury. 

Last year's team, predicted to go 
nowhere because il was made up of 
a group of no-namers, almost pulled 
off a miracle. It started the season 1-
7-1, but the players didn't just roll 
over like dogs or Padres. They turned 
it on and put themselves in playoff 
contention, until they faltered on a 
late-season road trip. 

The momentum that the players 
ride in a game creates immense ex-
citement for fans. That Yates' play-
ers are mentally and fundamentally 
sound for every ball game makes up 
for anything the team mighllack in 
experience. 

Don't think the NCAA didn't 
notice what the team accomplished 
last yeaL It ranked UCSD eighth 
entering this season, which is al-

Monday, February 28, 19M 

"I would've liked to have made 
one-for-one three-point shots, "Bea-
ver said of her outside-shooting ex-

p�oits' for which she finished one-
for-eight for tbe game. 

At least she can say that she did 
il all. 

most unbeard of for a team coming 
off a sub-.500 year. The Tritons 
have raised tbeir level of play Ibis 
year, and Ihey're a favorite to reach 
the playoffs. Division I or not, this is 
the real thing. 

Sure, UCSD baseball is never 
going to compete with sports like 
basketball in terms of crowds. There 
is no home-run bitting contest dur-
ing the seventh inning stretch to win 
free pizza. But we ought to be doing 
a little more 10 help them out. If you 
think you might gel bored, think 
again. You definitely won't need to 
bring your books or a walkrnan. 
And hey, it's free. 

Do yourself and the team a favor. 
Instead of freezing your butts off at 
La Jolla Shores, bring a blanket to 
Triton Field sometime. 

If you're one of those types who 
whines about UCSD not having big-
time sports, it's time to either put up 
or shut up. If we can't outdraw the 
visitors on our own field, we don't 
deserve Division I at all. 

are you interested 
in being the student speaker 

at commencement? 

r----------- ~--------~--, 

un •• dw.u 

Guldennes for tile selection process are as follows: 
1. A copy of your speech must be submItted to the Afth College Dean's 

Office by MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1994. 
2. You will be contacted In mid-April to schedule a date and location 

for your audItion. 
3. Your speech must be between 3 clIld 5 mInutes In length. 
4. Your speech should be the actual speech that you hope to deliver at 

commencement. 

S. Your speech will be evaluated on approprtateness of content, quality 
of writing style, and effectiveness of delivery. 

for .... InformMIon gil tIM fifth Co", DeAn', OffIce .. 534-1137. 

. cI s., IlagoC'.olriY 
UNITED WAY/CHAD 

It J,.,ir' Mt tJ. Jut tit .111/111, 
Students Who Car. Can Halp 

PI ... complete end clip thae coupon 
Yoluntelr'because you carel Call 498-2121 and your talents and Interests will be 
matched with a San DIego non-profit organization. 
Donations may be made by ClOfT1)IetIng IhII form and returning with 'fWI rtIeOtJ 
money order, payable to United Way. 
Name ______________________________________________ _ 

~~----------------~~~--~-----------------------
CltylState Zip 

"'-NIum ........ to the UCID .......... 01IIII,., UCIr...,. 
• I've 1«U'rt«l tItG, Mft 1M mpIat _ ClIII be rrvtIIIiIIl/tII if I *' it ill • rlPtlpirll. • L _________________ ~~~h __ ~ 

Monday. February 28, 1994 The Ul:SV Guardian 

c(@§Jo ~ 
EWSFLASHE 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get Involved 
In Student Gevemment. There are 
many opportunities ranging from 
External Affairs to Student Advocacy to 
Publicity. Our offices our on the third 
floor of the Prlee Center. Stop by 
anytime to discover the many wfltS to 
get Involved or call 534-4450 for more 
Infonnatlon. 

AS BROADCAST SERVICE 
Interested In working on TV Produc-
tions? join the Associated Students 
Broadcasting service I Meetings are 
Thursdays at 9am In the Student 
leadership Chambers. 3rd floor PrIce 
Center. Call 587-8771 for more 
Information. 

APISA MEETING 
Come find out what the Asian Pacific 
Islander Student Alianee Is all about. 
Monday, February 28, 8:00pm, PC 
Gallery A. Call 534-2048 for more 
Information. 

SEX, POWER, AND THE 

MEDIA 
A slide presentation and discussion by 
Ann Simonton. Ms. Simonton Is one 
of the nation's leading authorities on 
the effects of media Images and the 
results of glamorizing women's abuse 
and humiliation. March 1, 7pm in 
Solis Hall 107. Call 534-6708 for 
more Information. 

PHYSICAL THERAPY CLUB 
Mary Rozina will be giving tips on 
interviewing for Physical Therapy 
Graduate programs and applications. 
March 1, 6-7pm in the Price Center 
Berkeley Room. Call Marianna at 571· 
1313 for more Information. 

ARMENIAN S1lJDENT 
ASSOCIATION 
Come to our final meeting of the 
Quarter to get Info about our Spring 
Break trip to Palmo Spring. Don't 
miss out on the fun tri~the more 
people go, the funner It'll bel The 
meeting will be on Wednesday, March 
2nd at 6:30pm In front of Peterson Hall. 
V.T.A. WEEK 
General Meeting: 2/28, 4-6pm, PC 
Santa Barbara room. Pot Luck: 3/1, 
6:30-9:3Opm, International Center. 
Bowling: 3/2, 9:30-??, Mira Mesa 
Bowl. Movie: 3/3,9:30, Price Center . 
Karaoke: 3/4, 7:QO.12:oopm, Ocean 
View Lounge. 

M.E.Ca.A. MEETING 
We will be discussing details and 
strategies about the Cross Cultural 
Center. We need all M.E.Ch.istas 
present at this last meeting of the 
Quarter. It Is very Important that you 
show upl Monday, February 28, 
5:00pm, Price Center Gallery A. Call 
534-4994 for more information. 

RUSSIAN PANEL DISCUSSION 
Graduate and undergraduate students 
share their personal perspectives 
regarding the changing political, 
economic, and social situation in 
Russia. Bring your lunch and join usl 
March 1, 11:30am. Intemational 
Center. Call 534-3730 for more 
Information. 

COLLEGE DEMOCRATS 
Topics discussed will Include the 
1994 Democratic Primary and related 
issues. Tuesday, March 1, 6:00-
7:00pm in the Price Center Santa 
Barbara Room. 

CRE CAFE GRAND OPENING 
The Che Cafe Is now open to the 
campus community for dally lunch 
hours. Reasonably priced, vegetarian 
cuisine will be available In a pleasant. 
relazlng environment Monday through 
Friday from l1am to 2pm. As always. 
the Che' will continue to be open for 
weekly Alt-YooCan-Eats, Wednesday 
from 5pm to 7pm as well as mUSical, 
cultural, and educational events. The 
Che' Cafe Is located on the southwest 
end of the campus In the proximity of 
the Student Center, the 
Udnergraduate Ubrary, and the 
Mandell Weiss Center. Please call 
534-2311 for further Information. 

TV CAMERA OPERATIONS 
TV camera operations required for a 
variety of projects for AS Brodcasting 
Service. Earn valuable experience 8nd 
opportunity for possible airing on 
broadcast television. Call 534-4450 
for more Information. 

VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
Enjoy working with kids? Join the 
A.S.K. elemetary school tutonng 
program. Applications for spring 
quarter are now available in the 
Volunteer Connection office on the 
2nd floor of the Price Center. Applica-
tions are due Wednesday, March 9th. 
Join the funl Call Mike or Karin at 
534-1414 for more Infonnation. 

SUN GOD '94 
Attention Student Orgsl If you would 
like to have a booth at this years Sun 
God festival, please see Yvonne at 
the front desk of the 3rd floor of the 
Price Center for a registration form. 
Act nowl These forms are due by 
March 14! 

U. IIEPIIOEDlM IftIIBI filii TIlE QlAV 1111"1 ADVISORY ~ 01 TIlE CROSS 
Cll.lUUI. CEITBI. ~ 011111 tNnIlIoor 0( IIIe Price Center. A.S. Ofbs. Deadline lor IpI)bIion is March 7. 

rice! 
ASUCSD Elections 

ALL Associated Students elected positions are 
open-including: President; VP Admin; VP Finance; 

VP External; Commissioners of: Programming, 
Student Advocacy, Communications; Senators 

First day to file is March 7 
Start thinking about how YOU can make a difference! 

Remember to VOTE April 5-7 
~1. 
I>I.g 
~II.~~ I>C>:rIl. ..... ~ 

ix: 15.50 students * 
$16.50 eneral* 

ON SALE NOW 
18+ or **valid college ID 

and GOLDENVOICE 

AS MEETINGS 
The Associated Students Council holds 
meetings every Wednesday night at 
6:30. The meetings are open to the 
public and students are encouraged to 
attend. 

You (yes, you) must see this film. 

p1.:e-c!~hea~ =--
8:00 10:30 

Thurs. Feb. 3 

Come and find out who the 4th guy is. 
Price Center Theatre 

6:30 9:00 11 :30 
t i L- k L- t S : 

:"h. 1 il-:1 •• c..I"' •••• L-~ 
:"h.2 ",I •• y ",.1 - _1-:1"-'-.vv-

p y 

I 
Old you mi. the deadll .... to buy 

a yNl'book? 
A.S. YeMJook has ordIrad alrnlled runber 
01 un bookL To "11M one, .... a $25 
chedc .,... 10 -A.S. Y..tJook" to -A.S. 
YeMJook, 9500 GImIn Dr., La JoIa, CA 
92083-OO7r 

Student oIUM I oreell Buy an ad 
In the New Student ~II 

The NM 8eudenI AIcoId cornel · our In 
..... and • a ...... ~.IO ,.,.,. 

II_"I'~ IIudenIa !No JOInInG yow 
organIraIIon. Cal for dIIaII. 

FuN page $100 
112 page $60 

1/4 page $30 
118 page $15 

Want men Info about A.S. Yearbook? 
A.S. Ye.boOk __ qI*IIr m •• I ... 
Mondl,.. 8:30 In ow ... Ibove Soft 
R ........ NM membera ~ us.IODIN. 
If you OM' ......... cal .. II 74ft. 

S. Newall_tIeS is produced by the Associ«ed 
Students of UCSD. Student orranlZlltions mil)' 
lIIdvertfse in the A.S. Newsflashes by fllI/nf out the 
form ~ed outside the A.S. s.cm.y'. ofrlce, 
floor, Price Center. Submissions.,. due e«ll 
Wednesday lit noon for the next Monday's edition. 

19 

.. 

,--

-



• r 

\ 

; 

r • 

20 SPORTS The tTCSD Cuardian Monday, February a,l9M 

JEFF 

PHHUGHT 
Triton Fever, 
Catch It! Beaver Makes History in Last Hurrah 

UCSD baseball is not 
exactly big-time athletics, but a 
lot of people are missing out on 
some of the best action in 

RECORD-BREAKER: Senior sets all-time UCSD scoring mark with 1,274 points in 87-44 victory over Santa Cruz 

town. 
This year's team has been 

making some major noise at 
the park, but sadly, it 's the only 
ones making noise. Nobody 
shows up to the games. 

I know that sitting at windy 
Triton Field with its scenic 
view of Scripps Hospital 
doesn ' t exactly sound like a 
blast. Sure, it would be 
unrealist ic to th ink that we 
could pack in hundreds of fans 

. over there to watch a sport 
which sometimes moves 
slower than L.A. traffic. 

But It's pretty sad to see 
crowd of seven or eight 
people. And that's on a good 
day. Just last week, I estimated 
about 25 fan for the visi tors 
and eight for us. And do you 
know where that team was 
fro m? idaho! Is our school so 
pathetic that we can't even 
draw more fans than can a 
potato-peeling group of yee-
haws? 

According to Manager Lyle 
Yates, the lack of fan support 
is the same for both UCSD and 
SDSU. He said he thinks that 
San Diegans have so many 
other entertainment options 
that baseball games don't rank 
high on their list of ways to 
spend an afternoon. 

By Aron Miller 
Associate Sports Editor 

There isn't a much better way to 
end a season, short of winning a 
national championship. 

BR5KET 
~ ...•. -' .. ,. ~~ :;,.~<' 
BHLL 

TheUCSD 
women's bas-
ketball team 
destroyed UC 
Santa Cruz, 
87: 44, Friday 
at the Main 
Gym on a 
night when 
Triton senior 
Lisa Beaver 
became the 
all -time lead-
ing scorer in 

UCSD history with 1,274 career 
points. The victory gave San Diego 
a season-long, five-game winning 
streak, enabling the Tritons to finish 
the 1993-94 campaign with a 13-11 
record. 

Beaver etched her name in UCS 0 
history less than one minute into the 
game, needing only two points to 
establish the new record. 

The Tritons went right to the 
6'3" center in the low post, giving 
Beaver an early opportunity to get 
the long-awaited bucket. She turned 
and tossed in an easy lay-up and the 
game was immediately stopped. The 
senior was presented with the ball 
and the sparse crowd honored her 
with a standing ovation. 

"It 's great [to have the record]," 
Beaver said. "I just wish there were 

more people there to see it." 
Beaver also had a chance to be-

come the all-time leader in field-

goal percentage, but wanted desper-
ately to make a three-pointer before 
the end of her career. After trying 

seven times from behind the arc, she 
finally nailed one late in the game. 
Because of the one for eight perfor-
mance from three-point land, her 
career shooting percentage dipped 
below the 53 percent mark, placing 
her second in UCSD history. 

"Something [Beaver's] always 
wanted to do is make a three-
pointer," UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone said. "Unfortunately, [try-
ing a three] messed up her field-goal 
percentage a little bit." 

As for the game, well, it was 
against the Banana Slugs (6-14), 
who are not exactly famous for their . 
athletic program. 

UCSD cruised, virtually without 
trying, to a 50-24 halftime advan-
tage. Although the Tritons only shot 
39 percent during the first 20 min-
utes, UCSC could muster only a 
poor 35 percent. 

The second half was more of the 
same. While UCSDcontinuedasub-
par effort from the field, it didn 't 
matter because Santa Cruz couldn't 
throw a tennis ball through the hoop. 
UCSC shot an atrocious 22 percent 
in the second half. 

"We wished we could have 
pushed it up a little bit, but [the 
game was over too quickly] ," 
Malone said. 

Beaver finished a star-studded 
career with a brilliant outing, scor-
ing 25 points, grabbing 16 rebounds 
and swiping five steals. Freshman 
Anne Westmoreland contributed 12 
points and nine rebounds. True, we are blessed with 

the greatest weather in the 
country, but it hasn ' t exactly 
been beach weather this winter. 

Hell , we should get at least 
20 to 30 Warren students at 
each home game because 
they' re forced to park right 
next to the field . 

Tritons Top Dominican, 97-67 
SENIORITY: UCSD set to host NCAA Championships 

UCSD Hosts NCAAs 
A resounding cheer burst from 

the Triton men's basketball team 
Sunday evening as the pairings for 
the first round of the NCAA Divi-
sion III Men 's Basketball Champi-
onships were announced. 

of the nation's eight regions, were 
selected to compete in this year's 
tournament. 

You ' re missing out on a 
title contender in the making if 
you ' re not going to Triton 
baseball games (and that's 
most of you). You ' re missing 
the development of a possible 
future star in Chris Miyake. 
The soft-spoken stud had a 21-
game hitting streak, which is 
big news at any level, and I'm 
sure he 'd love to hand out his 
autograph. 

Had you ever hiked over to 
Triton Field, you would have 
seen Miyake Sleal home to win 
a game last year. You would 
have seen Craig Birk rip a grand 
slam. You missed out on Eric 
Quandt reaching first hue more 

See SUPPORT, Pace 18 

By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

The Triton men 's basketball team 
(20-4), ranked third in the West 
Region, will host fourth-seed 

BH5KET 
.. ~ 

'" ,-, 
;.,: 

BHLL 

Pomona-
Pitzer (19-7) in 
the first round 
of the NCAA 
Division III 
Championship 
Playoffs this 
Thursday at 
7:30 p.m. 
Should they 
win, the Tri-
tons will then 
host the West's 

top-secd, California Lutheran (24-
2) on Saturday. 

UCSD concluded its replusea-
son"" Friday with a 97-67 thrash-

8oIf: • 
Today at UnIversity of Redlands, 1 p.m. 

....... 1: 
Tue., March 1, double-helder VI. California Baptist Collele at 

North Field, 2 p.m. 
W •••• ·., .... 

Today va. Unhlerslty of Mlchtcan lit North field Courts, 3 p.m. 

ing of visiting Dominican College. 
During the annual senior night 

festivities, UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Marshall had a lock on the under-
statement-of-the-year accolade 
when he cooly stated "we came out 
ready to play." That did indeed seem 
to be the case after the Tritons' mu-
tilation of Dominican. 

Before tip-off, the Tritons an-
nounced its team-voted awards. 
Sophomore Khalil Allen. received 
the Most Improved Player trophy, 
senior Oris Ressa garnered an un-
precedented fourth-straight Lee 
Gardner Student Athlete of the Year 
accolade and senior point guud 
Rodney Lusain pocketed both the 
Defensive Player of the yeu and 
MVP tropbieL 

SWtiJra IeDion Luuin. ..... 
See .. HOIP, ,...13 

UCSD(20-4), the West Region's 
third-seed, will host fourth-ranked 
Pomona-Pitzer (19-7) this Thurs-
day, March 3, at 7:30 p.m. in the 
main gym. If they win, the Tritons 
will host the West's top-seed, Cali-
fornia Lutheran, on Saturday, March 
5, at 7:30 p.m. 

In all, 40 teams, five from each 

Rounding out the West Regional 
bracket, second-ranked University 
of St. Thomas in Minnesota (21-5) 
will face fifth-seed Central College 
of Iowa (13-9) on Saturday night. 

"We are extremely pleased with 
the [pairings]," UCSD Head Coach 
Tom Marshall said. "The more 
people we can pack into the gym, 
the better we usually play. I am 
hoping for a big turnout." -

....., ....... K.Hutto 

.CAI ..... '11il1DIIll Rill 11111 
1994 AT 

,,, 

UCSD center LIII Beaftl' fiailbed her _._-iDa Triton 
ClrCer Friday aiabt in a blue of..,. 

TlleleniorlllDdoul.~_poiatI""''''all-dme 
UCSD IClOrina NCOId, IIIJIed 25 III .... Trieo.' will ... UC 
Sea .. Cruz, Jiviaa ber 1,274, ............... ,..CIIeIf. 

80aver alto filrilbed ber ......... fa lIIIall. ' .1ICOIId 
Ia fteld pi perce •• and'" tar ina ill .......... 

-. never tbouaht a...... .01"'-"'-"JI __ [abe ICIOriJIa record),. Ieawr .... 
, 


