
ELSEWHERE 

IDIU CoIIIICII 
BrIefed on ....... 
SAN DIEOO - The San 
Diego State Univenity 
Council received an update 
last week on the status of the 
California State Univenity 
(CSU) budget from Gina 
Nunez, vice president for 
external affain. Gov. Pete 
Wilson proposed to increase 
funding to the CSU system by 
SS8 million for 1994-9S, an 
increlSe of 3.S percent from 
last year's budget. However, 
the CSU Board of Trustees is 
still proposing a 24 percent 
fee hike for undergraduates 
and a 30 percent increase for 
graduate students next year. 

DavIa Itadenta 
Approye CALPIRG 
DAVIS - The California 
Public Interest Research 
Group's (CALPIRG) initia-
tive to create a voluntary 
pledge system won the 
majority of student support in 
UC Davis' elections, gamer-
ing 2,290 of a possible 3,215 
votes. Students may now 
contribute a SS fee to 
CALPIRG along with their 
registration tee payment. 
After students submit their 
desire to pledge in writing, 
the fee will be billed with 
their reg fees every quarter. 

Vot.,. Fall to Tum 
Out for Election 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
special election to decide 
whether to establish a 
voluntary fee mechanism at 
UC Santa Barb .... has been 
declared invalid after failing 
to secure the necessary voter 
turnouL "Because we didn't 
get the 20 percent [needed to 
validate the measure], we 
didn't count the votes," said 
A.S. Internal Vice President 
Kim Gates. The measure 
would have established an 
optional fee for organizations 
that were ineligible for 
student funding after the 
Smith v. Regents decision. 

INSIDE 

ROCK 
IIIA'lUSz Latin and 
American banda unite 
for concert 111 

SPOIIT8: The swim 
team prepares for 
nationals II 

INDEX 

toO BIlID'S ............................ J 
CALm III8IS .................... J 
OPINION .................................. 4 
IllATUI ................... · ....... , ........ 11 
aAliltIIIII ........................... 14 
!POI1I ................................... I. 

, H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1994 VOLUME 81, ISSUE 20 

80'9'I:R.OR'S VISIT 
While supporters help San Diego native Wilson kick off his reelection campaign, students 

. demonstrated outside to protest the UC budget crunch 

c o s 

aT IYA. DIILYII.T.AL 
STAFF WRITER 

alifornia Governor 
Pete WIlson appeared 
in San Diego Tuesday 
afternoon in the first of 
many stops he will make 
to kick off his guberna-
torial campaign. 

, 

Wuson used Tuesday's rally, which drew a 
crowd of400 supporters to the Bali Hai restau-
rant in Point Loma, to reiterate his positions 
on what he feels are the key issues of the 
campaign - crime, immigration and 
California's economy. 

During the 30-minute address, Wilson did 
not touch on higher education, drawing the ire 
of a crowd of approximately 30 demonstrators 
protesting outside the restaurant. The pro-
testers were largely composed of UCSD stu-
dents from the organization "Concerned Stu-
dents" who were joined by motorcycle riders 
demonstrating against California's mandatory 
helmet law. 

See WILSON, Page 8 

T o T o w 

D~ 
S...,... F8Ith H-. .... k .. her feel ..... about the IOvernor clear. 

Retiring Professor Rips IRIPS Program 
IyC ..... McF ...... 
sr.tr Writer 

Retiring Profeuor Chalmen 
Johnson - a man who brought 
immediate preatip 10 the Gradu-
ate School of International Rela-
tions and Pacific Studies (lRIPS) 
when be arrived in 1988 - is 
lavina with alelllC of disappoint-
ment, criticizin, the institution and 
caUina hia replacement disaltroul. 

"Because of inadequate Itaft' 
and the a.ct of quality control at 
San Die." I can DO Jonaer recom-
meadtopidualeatudealllbattbey 
lilt ...... Ja J~-related 

subjects here," Jobnaon wrote in 
an open letter adcIreued to his 
colleagues. 

Formed in 1987,IRIPS aims to 
prepare graduate students for prac-
tical, profeaIionaI work in the Pa-
cific Rim and other areas of the 
world. 

JohnIon's dislike of the pro-
gram at IRIPS lies mainly with the 
curriculum, which he says centers 
on the idea of ntional-cboice 
theory. The theory is a formal de-
duction system that attempts to · 
... microec:ollOlDic IhIdiea 10 ex-
plain IIIOIt ...... of 1Ociety. 

"Rather than be a tool to under-
stand something, it has become an 
ideology, much as Marxism or 
Leninism," Johnson said. 

"I want to reject the informa-
tion in [Johnson's] letter, .. said IR/ 
PS Dean Peter Gourevitc:h. "There 
are a lot of inaccuracies in it. He 
says there is only one course re-
quirement for I RIPS and that deals . 
with rational-choice theory, but 
there are in actuality seven or eight 
course requirements." 

Johnson's criticisms were 
partly inspired by feedback from 
IRIPS paduala. Louis TIe .... an 

IRIPS alumnus, wrote a letter to 
Johnson saying, "[Rational-choice 
theory] kills the history and the 
behavior-constrainingsocial insti-
tutions that exist in any society. 
We study these regions [at IR/PS] 
through the eyes of Americans, 
and not through the eyes of the 
Chinese, the Japanese, the Korean 
or the Mexican. We know how to 
make inferences from statistics but 
we lack insight and understand-
ing." • 

Another alumnus Ken Daven-
port said, "Though Dean 

See IR/PI, Peae 3 



2 NEWS· 

Climbing Per Capita Hili 
The percentage of per capita personal Income taken up by fees 
for the UC and CSU has Increased dramatically over the past 
three years. Here Is a look at Its fluctuations since 1980: 
16% 
14% I--+.--.;I--+----i--+--+-+---+-t--+-t---::: 
12% 1-+---1--+--+-+--+-t--±:=c--+-: 
10'Jt. .---+---: 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 

1980 '81 '82 '83 '84 '85 '86 '87 '88 '89 '90 '91 '92 'II 
Source: california H.."., Educ8Ilon Policy Center 

Rent Ilruckner/GuMI.., 

New Report Calls For 
State Fee Hike Freeze 
ANALYSIS: California Higher Education Policy 
Center issues first report after year of research 
By Philip Michaela 
News Editor 

California 's public universities 
need to freeze any tuition and fee 
increases while restructuring ad-
ministration and speeding up the 
time it takes to earn a degree, 
acording to a new report from an 
independent think tank. 

The California Higher Educa-
tion Policy Center, which has spent 
the past year analyzing the state's 
colleges and universities, issued 
its report on the state of higher 
education early last week. 

According to Joni Finney, as-
sociate director of the San Jose-
based center, the report is geared 
toward stemming the decline in 
enrollment in California' s univer-
sities. Since 1990, 200,000 stu-
dents have dropped out of univer-
sities and colleges in California, 
Finney said. 

The report cites fee increases as 
one of the main reasons for this 
drop in enrollment. The center rec-
ommended that fee hikes be sus-
pended immediately and that a per-
manent fee policy should be 
adopted only after the state's 
economy recovers. 

"We really believe that students 
have done their fair share. Now we 
think it's time for other members 
of the compact - the state and the 
institutions - to come forward 
and give their fair share," Finney 
said. 

But University of California 
spokesman Mike Lassiter dis-
missed the report's recommenda-
tion to freeze the proposed $620 
fee hike, calling it "totally unreal-
istic. 

"Student fees have become a 
core for the operation of the uni-
versity," Lassiter said. 

"We couldn't stop fee increases 
whi Ie we're still losing money and 
continue to offer students access 
and quality," he added. 

Freezing fee hikes was just one 
of the nine recommendations con-
tained in the report, which also 

calls for reaffirming the state's 
commitment to the Master Plan 
for higher education. 

"We have intentionally 
downsized the system. We think 
that the principle of the Master 
Plan needs to be preserved," 
Finney said. 

In addition, the report calls for 
stabilized state funding to higher 
education, linking slate reinvest-
ment to enrollment growth and 
eliminating barriers on using stu-
dent fees to fund instruction. 

Several of the report's points 
recommend that public universi-
ties begin accomplishing more 
with less by consolidating pro-
grams, cooperating more between 
institutions and restructuring the 
university's administration. 

Many of these proposals are 
currently being discussed within 
the UC system, which is looking at 
ways to revise its academic poli-
cies. During a meeting of the UC 
Board of Regents in January, UC 
Provost Walter Massey said, "The 
new climate of fiscal constraints 
means that the university must plan 
strategically if it is to maintain the 
excellence for which it is justly 
renowned." 

Finney said that the center en-
couraged the UC system to revise 
its academic policies to speed up 
the time it takes for students to 
eam a degree, but added that the 
university may not be moving fast 
enough. 

The administrative structure of 
the UC Office of the President has 
not changed very much since the 
budget crisis began in 1990, ac-
cording to Finney. 

"There's a lot of rhetoric, but 
no real action. They have to move 
decisions through more rapidly," 
she said. 

"All you need to do is wander 
around the Kaiser Center [where 
the UC Office of the President is 
located] in Oakland and see how 
little has been accomplished," 

See FEES, Page 9 

ERIC ICHMmT, Editor In ChIef 
.IAICIN IIITCHII. Production ,.,...,., 

DOUI AlIXANDIII, OpInIon EdftDr 
IIIANNON ILIDIOI, CQpy Edilor 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Mareh 10, 19M 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

l'I~ \\()!AE'I\()Q\: E Jl,I'\.C)O£l)! 
SoM®O'I >\1'_ 1<':: c =<~ 

"'-"Rill' \-\RI' .~' 

BRIEFLY ... 

I()! 00' A.<J'i.! 
\\El~' GtT n1t 
PH.' .... 1% 

~'f'IOOO·S 
AA "lIt~: 

UCSD Dedicates New Laboratory 
The dedication of two large-scale structural testing 

laboratories which are new additions to the Charles 
Lee Powell Structural Research Laboratories on the 
Warren College campus will be held next Tuesday, 
March 15. 

U.S. Secretary of Transportation Frederico Pena 
and Gov. Pete Wilson were invited to speak at the 4-
6 p.m. ceremony on the terrace adjacent to the 
laboratories. Others scheduled to participate are UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, School of Engineering 
Dean RObert Conn and Powell Laboratories Directors 
Gilbert Hegemier and Frieder Seible. 

The new Structural Components LaboratOlY and the 
Composite Structures Laboratory join the existing StnJo. 
tural Systems Laboratory to form one of the world's 
largest structural testlrc facilities. Work In the labs will 
Include new design methods for building earthquake-
resistant bridges as well as techniques for retrofitting 
and rehabilitatirc older bridges and buildings. 

Total construction cost of the new laboratories was 
approximately $2.6 million. All three laboratories rep-
·resent a capital Investment of more than $10 million. 

The existing Structural Systems laboratory was 
the first U.S. hlgh-bay facility with a SO-foot-tall reac-
tion wall and a 120-foot-long strong-floor for the ful~ 
scale testing of complete structural systems such as 
those in buildings, bridges, ships and aircraft. 

The new Structural Components Laboratory con-
tains three test bays for the full or large-scale testing of 
structural components or subassemblages; a 6~foot· 
long reaction wall and strong.fIoor; and a 10 x 16 foot 
shake table for more realistic earthquake simulations. 

The new Composite Structures Laboratory Is a 
dedicated re8Ctlon-wall/tesHloor facility for the deve~ 
opment and full-scale testing of new lightweight com-

poslte materials and structures. 
The laboratories also Include machine, electronics 

and wood shops as well as unique manufacturing and 
processing capabilities for advanced composite mate-
rials. Each lab is linked directly to the San Diego 
Supercomputer Center for interactive testing. 

The Charles Lee Powell Foundation provided the 
principal funding of $2 million for the existing Struc· 
tural Systems Laboratory and the two new laborato-
ries. Powell, an engineer and developer, died In 1959 
at the age of 96. His will deSignated that the founda-
tion be established for furthering education In the 
engineering and scientific fields. 

Sprint College Tour BrI .... 
Game. to UCSD Next Week 

The Sprint Spring Break On-Campus tour will hit 
UCSD Thursday and Friday, offering students two days 
of games and activities revolving around the Spring 
Break theme. 

The event, which will take place along the Price 
Center UbraryWalk, will feature beach volleyball games, 
sumo wrestling and tug 0' war contests. 

The tour will also feature UCSD student bands 
performing at noon on March 10. In addition, the 
Associated Students will proyIde a free barbeque. 

·Sprint Is proud to sponsor activities that promote 
healthy campus lifestyles In a unique and Innovative 
environment, • said Allenlo, Group Manager of college 
and university market In Sprint's Consumer Services 
Group. "The Spring Break On-Campus Tour not only 
provides the students with an alternative activity that 
Is highly accessible, but benefits the school as well by 
Incorporating campus-specific promotional needs." 

( ; l' l' II I II l k (l 11 ,. i 11 .1 I ... 

EdIIAIII8I: &34eIIIO. IuMIeIa 01lI0>>: &34-34ee, "a: 534-7.1 
UCSD ."."".", 1100 a ........ DrIve 0318, 

... Jolla, CA 12093-0318 
AoIII.-I ....... : a-MI ..... UCIO ....... c..r..-. 'A' 

Tbunday, Marelal0.1994 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S·. Close to Plan for Autonomy 
DOCUMENT: Proposal 
would give council more 
fmanciaI independence 
By A ........ TbIeHn 
Steff Writer 

The Associated Students has 
moved closer to gaining some in-
dependence from the administra-
tion following months of negotia-
tions with university officials. 

The newly-aeated Statement of 
Understanding written byAS. Di-
rector of Development Wally 
Locltwoodclarifies the responsibili-
ties and limitations of power be-
tween the A.S. and administration. 

The dOCument is expeCted to be 
signed by A.S. President Carla 
Tesak and Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson within the next five 
weeks and is currently undergoing 
legal review. 

"The objective is to clarify what 
[the A.S.] wants to do in the future 
and have things written out so that 
there isn't any loose interpretation 
of what everybody has agreed to. 
That's why it's important to put it 
in writing," said Director of Stu-
dent Programming Lynne Peterson. 

The new statement stipulates 
that once a pOlicy is passed by the 
A.S. and approved by the adminis-
tration, the chancellor or any suc-
cessor is legally prevented from 
repealing the policy. The chancel-
lor will still retain the power to veto 
any pending policies within 15 days, 
if he deems them unacceptable. 

Though the statement will grant 
the A.S. more power, some mem-
bers at;e still displeased with the 
proposal. "I'm a little disappointed 

IRlPS: Retiring 
professor criticizes 
graduate school 
Continued from .... 1 
Gourevitch provided the concep-
tual foundation for the program, 
like many theorists his ability to 
deliver on the practicalities of the 
school's admittedly far-reaching 
mission have proven well beyond 
his grasp." 

Along with Johnson's public 
outcry about the school's alleged 
failings, he also attacked lR/PS 

'-

A.S. DIrHtor 01 Development 
W.11y Loakwood 
with the document .. I don't think 
it's as strong as it should be," said 
A.S. Vice President Extemal Nick 
Endres. 

"I see the only reason why the 
chancellor can override a policy 
of the ASUCSD is when it breaks 
the law. Period," Endres added. 

A.S. President Carla Tesak said 
that although there are some limi-
tations to the document, the A.S. 
does not want to work toward com-
plete autonomy because of certain 
privileges which it recieves 
through the university. 

"I think that there are some 
limitations which will always be 
there, but there are benefits be-
cause we're a part of the univer-
sity too," Tesak said. 

.The Statement of Understand-
ing will grant the A.S. increased 
privileges and responsibilities over 
its finances by restricting the ad-
ministration from freezingtheA.S. 
budget except in cases of illegal 
expenditures. The administration 
will retain the power to authorize 
A.S. expenditures only to fulfill 

for choosing Political Science 
Ph.D. candidate Michael Thies as 
his replacement. "Thies' resume 
would not be seriously looked at 
by any other university in the U.S.," 
Johnson said. 

"I think the students are upset 
with Johnson's attitude. If you 
were to interview 50 students, 
you'd get 50 different reactions," 
Gourevitch said. 

In a letter written to Dean 
Gourevich, first-year IRIPS stu-
dents declaring regional special-
izations in Japan wrote, "We are 
surprised at the apparent disregard 

/,!irllq 

Cut 
Clull 

the university'S contractual obli-
gations. 

The Associated Students' right 
to obtain independent legal coun-
sel will be coded into a document 
with the Statement of Understand-
ing. Currently, the A.S. has only a 
verbal agreement with the admin-
istration for the privilege, which 
was ~ted during Fall Quarter of 
1992 to deal with co-op relations. 

The A.S. will also be granted 
input in the hiring, evaluation, dis-
cipline and termination of its em-
ployees as well as the power to 
create salary scales and job classi-
fications independent of the uni-
versity when necessary. 

Other provisions of the State-
ment of Understanding include the 
authority to solicit for indepen-
dent contractors according to UC 
business practices. TheA.S. would 
also be responsible for processing 
all undergraduate elections. 

All conflicts of interest between 
the A.S. and administration will 
be dealt with through the Dispute 
Resolution Board (DRB). The 
board will create a formal medium 
in which to resolve A.S. adminis-
trative problems, partially to avoid 
the cost of legal fees. 

"The administrators aren't al-
ways out to get us. A lot of people 
want to work with students and 
want to help people, so we really 
tried to promote a cooperation-
type arrangement instead of some-
thing adversarial," Lockwood said. 

The DRB board will consist of 
the A.S. president, A.S. represen-
tative, the Director of Student 
Government Services and one ad-
ministrative representative. 

for student input into the proce-
dure leading to the hiring of Japan 
specialists. Mr. Thies is a young 
scholar with little experience out-
side of UCSD - and indeed with 
much less experience in Japan than 
many of our students." 

Second-year students upset 
over the hiring procedures also 
wrote to Gourevitch. "We are ... 
concerned that recent hirings re-
flect a prevailing attitude among 
the faculty that Japan is no longer 
a subject worthy of serious aca-
demic study," the letter reads. The 

See IRIPS, Page 9 

UT Ind product dllCounll 
---=_='Z" ... - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - I 

I 
I I 

l =- $2495 l 
I I ~ .. ,,==-..:..-"" I 
I IIIIr $ 95 FREE SHAMPOO I l.=..... 13 .......... rad l 

~---------------~-~~*-
-we e.are hall' 
..... ~ &.a 8750 Genesee 1Il-am 

.. 7 .. • WeICClpl chIc:b •• 
L... _____ AVNAV8 AOAEAT HAIR ~ ''''' ___ =-....-=..1 

NEWS 3 

es, 
Cool prices, 

Apparel Zone. 
• 5 FACTORY OUnETS for 

UCSD's Convenience 

• FAMOUS NAME BRANDS 
priced at 50-90% below retail 

• Don't ever spend full price when 
you can look this good for less 

~'" APPAREL -/ . 
........ , 

~ ~~ 

r-------
: 101'1 
: 0" I ,ouam 
I pBrebas. 
I Noc valid wllh My ocher o/r.t. 
L ExpI.a 4no194. 
------

Miramar 
~ ~ .~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe 

.450-3323 
Pa(ifi( B.o(h 
931 Garne' 
483·51 SO 

Hillmsl 
500 UniVirsily AWl. 

682·4067 

SDSU ES!ondido 
6663 EI (ajon Blvd. Esc:onG," Promenade 

460·4370 737 ·6167 

MAGUIRE' 

HOTEL, REsTAURANT & BAR 
EMpLOYEE ApPRECIATiON NIGHT 

1 •• 7S CeeId:aIIa ALL NIGHT! (No Cover) 

BUFFALO WINGS OF FIRE 
ALL YOU CAN EAT S4! 

·6 pm- ~o pm. No cover. 

.... ,*"'" $~. 
.... UCALLIT ~ 

.. ~QJiI 6 pm-lO pm. No cove;. 4-
1U1",1b •• DelMar· ... .,.. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edltorlsl BoanJ 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor In ChIef 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. ~ Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS. News Editor 

DOUG ALEXANDER. Opinion Editor 
The UCSD GuMJIan II 11"1111_ twa I _ II. the lJnMrsIty of c.llforr"-. 5 ... DIleo· eont.ntI 

C1SK14. Vlewl ____ In rep!ftetll the rnoi<>tfty _ of the edItori. _. end ... not 
_Mrily thOle of the UC _ ... of AoIIntI. the 4SUCSD. _ the entire _ ~. 

Lee's Ouster Signals 
Need For Regent Reform 

Sunnyvale businessman Lester Lee was not a bad Urtiversity of 
California regent, and he certainly isn't a bad human being. Lee 
simply had the misfortune of being in the wrong place at the wrong 
time. He was a regent who, for better or for worse, deferred to'the UC 
Office of the President whenever it came time to make a decision. 
And things being what they are, that simply wasn't good enough 
anymore. As a result, Lee became only the second appointee to the 
Board of Regents to be rejected by the California State Senate, the 
first time the Senate has flexed its veto since 1883. 

The Senate's vote was unfair to Lee, who was certainly qualified 
to sit on the board. But when the smoke clears, last week's vote on 
the Senate floor will end up being all for the best. The Board of 
Regents has become little more than a rubber stamp, readily approv-
ing proposals from the UC Office of the President regardless of how 
appropriate or ill-conceived they may have been. 

To the uninitiated, regent meetings are myserious and inscrutable. 
But to those who attend with any regularity, the rubber-stamp nature 
of the board is obvious. The pattern never changes no matter what the 
issue - the UC President unveils his plan, the regents ask a few 
general questions and then the plan is adopted with little ornodebate. 
It was an environment in which regents like Lee, who never set out 
to rock the boat, thrived. 

But the current circumstances surrounding the university -
the ongoing budget crunch, the drop in enrollment, the fact that 
the UC system will have to accomplish more with fewer resources 
- require a new approach to governing the nine-campus system. 
Quite frankly, someone has to start rocking the boat. The Board 
of Regents needs to play an active role in shaping policy and 
instead of serving as an oversight committee for the Office of the 
President. 

Lester Lee may-bave been qual ified to sit on past boards, he may 
be a really nice fellow, he js most cenainly an accomplished 
businessman, but it's painfully clear that he did not fit into the brave 
new world of UC governance. His record only proves that. Lee 
voted in favor of fee increases and pay cuts last year. With one 
notable exception (his vote against raising salaries for UC hospital 
executives), Lee ided with the Office of the President with nary a 
grumble. 

In contrast, Ward ConnerIy, who was confinned by the Senate last 
week, has distinguished himself in his short time on the board. 
Connerly challenged the regents in December to take a more active 
role in shaping university policy. He unveiled a plan last month to 
help students find jobs. 

Sometimes Connerly sides with the Office of the President, 
sometimes he doesn't, but one thing about him remains clear -
Connerly is willing to challenge the Office of the President and the 
rest of the Board of Regents if he disagrees with them. He is not, as 
are some regents, just filli ng up space. 

But while Lee's ouster will help the university in the long run, it's 
clear that the Senate's actions were not motivated by concern for the 
UC system so much as they were by politics. 

The vote against Lee was nearly split down pany lines, with 
Democrats voting to oust Lee, who was nominated by GOY. Wilson. 
Political observers have noted that last week's vote was basically a 
power play on the part of the Senate's new president pro tern, Bill 
Lockyer (D-Hayward), who orchestrated Lee's ouster to solidify his 
own power base while embarrassing the governor during a key 
election year. 

Such political machi nations only underscore the problem with the 
Board of Regents- it's become a political football used by one party 
to gain an adYllntage over the other. For the past 12 years, Wilson and 
former Gov. George Deukmeijan have stacked the board with their 
supporters. Now, as the Democrats flex their muscles, the situation 
grows even more intolerable. 

If the furor surrounding Lester Lee shows us anything, it is that we 
need to look-seJiOusly at ways to refonn the manner in which regents 
are selected. There are proposals circulating around the capital now 
to make the Board of Regents an elected body, thus ensuring some 
measure of accountability. 

While opponents of the plan may argue that electing regents will 
politicize a theoretically non-partisan board even further, it cannot be 
denied that regental appoinbnents now are savagely flawed. To 
avoid future political bloodbaths like the one in SIcrameato list 
week, we need to find a new mdbod of cImsi'18 people to run Ibis 
univenity. 

t t ! 

The UCSD Guntiaa Tbunday, IIan:b 10, 19M 

PINION 

OF CALIFORM 
SAN DIEGO 

oPlI"" •• 00M 1 

PRISONS-
+('M:T!~) 

.---""\ = A BETTER 
CA L' FORNIA ! 

DEMYSTIFYING SM 
COMMENTARY: Though feminist are often portrayed as rabid, 
bra-burning man-haters, feminism is about equality, not hate 
By Heather Haxo Phillips 
Conl{Jburilll Opinion Writer 

Feminazi. Dyke. Bitch. Whiner. Cry baby./ have been 
called practically every name in the book. And why? 
Because / dare to call myself a feminist. 

self-expression, not because women depend on their 
looks for success. It is about stopping the thousands of 
women each year who literally starve themselves to death 
because society tells them their natural bodies are 100 fat. 
It is about giving back the self-esteem that girls lose when 
tbey enter puberty and realize everything that ~ "wrong" 
with tbemselves. And it is about women being proud of 

Everybody has jumped on the feminist-bashing band-
wagon. Righi-wing leader Pat Robertson describes the 
women's movement as a "socialist, anti-
family political movement thai encour-
ages women to .leave their husbands, kill 
their children, practice witchcraft, destroy 
capitalism and become lesbians." 

Somewhere in the days post-Gloria 
Steinem, the meaning ofthe term feminist 
has become misundelSlood. In a recent 
survey of 514 college women, 95 percent 
of the respondents agreed that men and 
women should earn equal pay for equal 
work, and 90percentsaid they believe that 
sexism still exists. Yel only 16 percent 
considered themselves feminists. For 
many, the term "feminist" conjures up 
imagesofbra-buming, hairy-legged male-
bashers. Feminism, however, is nothing 
of the sort. Being a feminist means you 
believe in equality between men, and 
women. In essence, equal justice for all-
nothing more, nothing less. 

Many people think that there is no need 
for feminism because women have al-
ready gained equality. "Women have the 
vole, what more do you need?" I hear 
almost daily. Well, let's see .... Women 
make about 75 cents for every dollar that 
men make. Every six minutes a woman is 
forcibly raped. Women still make up leas 
than 10 percent of the U.S. Congress and 
six percent of the Senate. Women who kill 
their husbands, whatever the reason, te-

Pat Robertson 
describes the 
women'. 
movement as a 
"socialist, anti-
family political 
moV ......... that 
encourages 
women to 
leave their 
husbands, kill 
their chlldr .... , 
practice wltch-
craft, cIesti oJ 
capital .... and 
become 
.......... " 

who they are regardless of their race, sexual 
orientation, religion, age and class. 

Many women are afraid to call them-
selves feminists because they believe it 
implies giving up what is "feminine" -
like having doors opened them or shaving 
their legs. However, I am a feminist and I 
like having doors opened for me -I see 
it as a friendly gesture. I just don't want 
somebody opening the door for me be-
cause they think I am too weak to do it 
myself. And yes, I do shave my legs. Not 
only do I simply like the feel of smooth 
legs, but I think that there are more impor-
tant issues for me to tackle than whether or 
nol to pick up the Dic every morning. 

Other women are afraid to call them-
selves feminists because they think they 
will be seen as "too radical." However the 
only thing inherently "radical" about femi-
nism is that we, as feminists, are actively 
seeking change in this country. Being a 
feminist doesn' t mean that you have to 
contest every sexist comment you hear or 
be on the front lines every weekend de-
fending abortion clinics. It means that you 
actively think about bow otberslle treated 
and bow you treat others. If I believe that 
it will help 10 change our society's atti-
tudes toward women, I will go out and 
cIemonstrIIe. And IiIce anybody pusiOll-
* aboutberllelie&, I wiHsped;1II)' mind. 

ceive sentences that lie twice as long as men who kill their 
wives. OnebUlldred and fifty thouaand Americanbulemic 
or anorexic women die every year .... It seems 10 me that 
thete'S still a lot of work 10 be done before women can 
truly be considered oquII. 

But IS a maaerofprincipil, I don't shove my beliefs 011 
anybody. I don't fon:e anyone to c:IIanae their opinions, I 
simply uk them 10 think about the world .uuod them. 

Feminism is about giving women the power 10 make 
choices in their lives - whether it reprdts childbirth, 
marriage, careen or 'limply .... ving their ieI' - and 
having others rapect thole deciIionL It is about womea 
being able 10 walk the ..... alone II ..... he « ... 
threat 01 npe IDd .......... Or wwinllIIIItiIup for 

WJleapeople findouttillt I am aflminill, they tlatme 
lib a ........ fueled 1IIII-buIIer. Others limply uk 
mewby I ... men. Wbeapeople.y theIe tllinp,a111 '*' 
do is ....... I don" bale men. I haw boyfrienda. I have 
mile frieacII. ~ believe it or DOt, I even baw. perfecdy 
DDImIllOCiallife. I'm DDt 1IIIi ..... by.., III*h 01 the 
iwahW'-oD. Feminilm is 801"""" Ira Ibout equaI-

s. .. n ..... ,...e 

Tb ....... y, llueh 10, 19M 'I1Ie UCSD GunliaD OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Mter 30 years of repressive, one-party rule, the Central African country of Malawi is moving toward democracy 

TWo LEADERS FROM A FAR OFF PLACE 

ANDREW 

REYnOLDS 
WORLD 

VIEW 

Iu part «my 
cootinuing crusade 
10 bring 10 UCSD 
news from thelllCft 
tar-t1ungcomersof 
tbe world, tbis 
week's WorldView 
turns the spodight 
on tbe impover-
ished but fucinat-
ingCentralAfrican 
country of Malawi. 

Since indepen-
dence from British 
colonial rule in 
1964, Malawi's 
bistory hu been 
one of massive in-
oomistencies, pri-

marily because of the idiosyncratic rule of His 
Excellency, the Ufe-President Ngwazi Dr. 
Hastinp Kamuzu Banda. Although the country 
is one of the 10 poorest in the world, it bas 
become thebenefactorand bost ofnearly 800,00> 
refugees from the war-torn country of 
Mozambique. Dr. Banda's benevolence, bow-
ever, bas not extended 10 his own people. 

Over the last 30 years, the Banda govern-
ment bas been marked not only by oorrupcion, 
but by heavy-handed tepression. It ruthJessly 
eliminated the oppositioo and outlawed all ~ 
Iitic:al disIenI; de\lentioo without trial for politi-
cal offenses was the norm, and the persecution 
of minorities ran nmplDt. Only recently bas 
Malawi begun to brut away from its n:pres-
sive, one-party rule. 

When Dr. BIDda came to power in 1964, he 

WII aeen u the fItber of the 
nation, a truly pat African 
liberator in the moldofKwlJIe 
Nkrumab. He WIIedncated in 
Oturcb of Scotland mission-
ary sdIooIs before obtaining. 
degree at the University of 
Oticago and a surpon's Ii-
ceme at the Royal CDUege of 
Medicine in Saldand. This 
was an outstandill8 achieve- De .pIle a-
ment for a "native" African. ~ent's 
However, perhaps more te- attempts to cast 

Union Coordioatina Council 
and who launched the 
Malawian Alliance for De-
mocracy (AFORD). When 
Otibana returned to Malawi 
in April, 1992. 10 campaign 
for human rights and democ-
racy, he was arrested as he 
stepped off of the plane and 
charged with seditioo. 

Despite the government's 
attempts to cast Chihana u a 
"foreignstooge"whowas try-
ing to disetedit the "wise and 
benevolent life-President, " 
his imprisonment sparked 
civil unrest and popular calls 
for his release. Eight Catholic 
bishopswere arrested for criti-
cizing the government, riots 
broke out in several cities and 
over 5,em Malawians coura-

=!::a=:: . oppoIItIon laad. 
era) practice in Nortb London. Chakufwa ChI .... 

WbenBlDdaenteredpoli- _. "foreIp 
tics he held a strong "Pan- stnne"L" his 
Africanist" oulloolr U his ~ 
opposition to the ~ ~ 
Central Aflican Federation of sp_ed_ 
Nyasaland reflected, and protest. 
worked closely with lomo geously defied the govern-

ment and gathered outside of the High CDW1 in 
Lilongwe 10 catdI a glimpse of the imprisoned 
opposition leader. 

Kenyatta and Kwane Nkrumah, both of whom 
became great African leaders. 

After he came to power, however, his belief 
in African unity disappeared almost overnight. 
Since 1966, his government has maintained 
close ties 10 South Africa, the United States and 
Great Britain while alienatiJ18 the surrounding 
blact African governments of Tanzania, z.nt-
bia, Moambique and Zimbabwe. Despite his 
age, failing health and the growing surge for 
democncy, Banda still holds the reins ofpower. 

Opposition to Banda has been led by 
OtaItufwa Otibana, who spent seven years in 
exile u the head of the Southern African Trade 

Domestic and international calls for 
Qrihana's telease notwithstanding. he was con-
victed of sedition and sentenced to two-and-a-
halfyearsofhardlabor, which, fora 50-year-old 
dissident, wu tantamount to a death penalty. He 
appealed and his sentence was reduced to nine 
months. WbiIe OJibana was in jail the pressure 
for democntic reform cootinued. Eventually, 
dissent became so great that the regime wu 
forced 10 call a popular referendum on the issue 
of democracy. 

Although the refetendum was held under 
extremely biased conditions, designed 10 engi-
neer a vote which would maintain the 
government's one-party rule, the public was 
strongly supportive of the pro-democracy move-
ment. On June 16, 1993, the Otairman of the 
Electoral Commission Drown Chimphamba 
announced that the vote for multi-party democ-
racy totaled 63.5 percent and the vote against 
was 35.5 percent. 

The opposition groups reacted to the results 
of the referendum by demanding that Banda 
immediately call for a ooaIition government to 
preside over presidential and parliamentary elec-
tions, and, as a compromise, Otibana offered 
Banda the opportunity to temain in the transi-
tional government as a cetemonial figure. 

Since the referendum, however, Banda's 
government hu used every means possible to 
cling to power, and only recently have the all-
party negotiations settled on a date for the gen-
eralelections-May ,1994. Remarkably, Banda, 
the "grand lion of Malawi," may still be able to 
hang on 10 his office under the new democratic 
dispensation. The opposition is split, Banda's 
party is well organized and, in a country with no 
national television or newspaper coverage, 4 
ClIihana's face is hardly known. Despite the 
uncertainty, Malawians still rejoice that their 
society is opeoning up and they no longer have 
to fear the heavy band of the security police. 

It would be very educational to show apa-
thetic: non-voters in ~ted States tbe foot-
age of the refetendum last year, when Malawians 
lined up for 10-12 hours just 10 cast their votes. 
They displayed a democratic spirit which sadly 
bas been lost in the West. 

Opinion writers wanted for Spring Quarter... for info call ~he Guardian at 534-6580. 

':FA.-~:;: ' . • .' d S ,. d' Jti~Seclate . ········ tu ents 
"""-,, . 

.. : ...... ··t · ~ ·- . ," ;:· ~ ·t , ' ~@I '$ '.. ;':: '- . '. :.', ' 
., ... .. ,:" '" .. , ...... ,;".. ,,' '" . ' .. '. 

••• .:: •• : ... ...... .. : ....... ;; .'::.: :.: •••• ... _;:.. ....... . ..... ••••••••• • ••• :.: .. : . . . ..... • ........ u . J •• •• • : •• •• •• : •• ~ • •• : ............. : • •••• : . ................... : .... . . ...... .. -. .. .. . .. ... ....... . 

File for Office Beginning 
Monday, March 7 
Last Day to File 

Monday, March 28 
For More Information 
Call Anna at 534·4451 

All voters 
will receive 
awesome 

FREE ·stuff! 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunda,., March 10,1", 

ARTICLE MISREPRESENTED RESIDENT ADVISORS 
Editor: 

As a Resident Advisor (RA) at 
.Revelle Collese, I began to ~ the 
Feb. 28 GlIIJI'diDn article "Bringing 
Home Their Work" with great iDler-
est. I was anxious to see, in print, a 
perspective of my job from tho8e who 
know it best - the students and pr0-
fessionals of the five UCSO Resi-
dence Ufe staffs. Upon finishing the 
article, however, I was very disIp-
pointed to be left with a somewhat 
inaccurate and embamssing image 
of my role as an ItA. 

It's true that it is often difficult to 
separate my RAlife from my student 
life. I work, live and study in the same 
place - my room. Ou IIlIR than one 
oa:asion I bave bad residents come 10 
my room with questions or to say 
bello, see my books and say, "You 
bave homework, too?" 

But to say that "working as an 
R.A. means being at work 24 hours a 
day, seven days a week" is a bit mis-
leading. While, at times, the paper-
work, the building's activities, meet-
ings, roommate conflicts and mid-
terms seem to happen all at once and 

FEMINISM: 
Wide diversity of 
opinion in woman '5 
movement 
continued from pace 4 
ity. 

If people I mect aren't immediately 
offended because I dare to call myself 
a feminist, !bey often assume that femi-
nism is all I think or talk about But 
believe it or not, I am interested in 
other things. I'm no wierdo escapee 

I fail to Jet a full nigbt'uleep, it'. DOt 
a1wIYS like this. I am DOt 011 campus 
everyday and I am allowed and en-
courage to take time off when I need 
10. 

Regarding the enfon:ementofuni-
venity policies, puticuIarIy the a1co-
hol policy ,I was shocked by the com-
ments mIde by an lJIOIIymou& Resi-
dent Advisor. I have never been in-
structed orexpec:fed 10 file an incideDt 
report simply bec:2use I "ImeII a1co-
hol. "If I ever did &meU aImbol in the 
residcncc balls, il would be my Ie-
spolllibility to investigate it and have 
c:lOIICRIe proof and CIIR to "write 
them up." . 

ADotber nameless ResidealAdvi-
IIIX criticized his fellow ItA.a for "Dol 
beill8 open to diversity." Since com-
munic:alioo is one af tile IkiUs IDOIt 
empbMi7Jed to an RA, I think !hat 
this Penon Ibould speak with tile 
Resideucc Ute staff of his coIJese 10 
discuss this point of view before pub-
licly labeling the staff as people who 
"don't take into coosidention other 
ideas." 

Still aDOtberunidentified Resident 

from the Wild Animal Part. I'm Iikc 
any other coUege student-Ilaugb, I 
ay, I go to school, work and party as 
much as I poaibly can. 

I don't define my life according to 
feminist ideals - there's no book en-
titled, "How To Be A Feminist. " like 
any other movement, !be beliefs of 
feminists range from radical tocooser-
vativc. 

When people talk to me, they ex-
'pcct me to reaajust Iikc the infamous 
anti-porn cruslder Catberine 
MacKinnon. However, MacKinnon 

READERS' 

FOHUM 
1IItGl..-n ........... IIrd_, .... 
... ""'" III ,...., t.aIn nut lie 110 a.., 
.,.., ...................... -
.... __ .... III .. ",,1efWIIi1lrd 
... ..., ........ 10: 

1111~ 
()ph1on &I1ttx 8500 __ Dt. 0314 

,. ..... CA aolIJ031e 

Adviaor mnpIainccl thai of tile 20 
days of training. "only one day" was 
spent addreIain& "impDl1lnt -." 
and "five days. .. were icc breakers. " 
This, too, seemed a little out of bal-
ance. Before illJinuating that trainiDa 
was. basically a waste of time, a full 
description of it sbouId have been 

docs DOt define tile women's move-
ment any more than Mlicolm X de-
fined tile Civil Rights movement This 
is not to say tbateitheroftbese people 
are unimportant - bulb have made a 
significant impact 01\ American soci-
ety. It's just that for any one of these 
"radicals," !bere is also I Patricia ire-
land or a Martin Lutber King working 
within tile same movemenlloward!be 
same goals. 

People often approacb me and say, 
"You're a feminist, what the beU was 
tbatbitcb -sayinsO!llVlastniabt?" 

THE EARL Y BIRD GETS THE WORM 
Future M_D.'s, here come. Spring! 

Time to start thinking about The SuM_ tICAl TIle .. ,.,., ~ fDr dis lISt .SoIdIern CaIifIt'Iia 
(OlIn) ", III GUt "., so doI't be • aut ill die CIIt To 1'1 ,. ill die .. II pial altud, '" 

~ Iller he mIOIS you shMI sip ., lOW, iIsIuII of pncns8IatiIr-

I. We offer a S40 discount ~ ,.. sip .p durilC tIardI (lst-lIst~ 
SaIdeIa 11m ub4 lIS-"IItJ, '" 1M ,.. CIme, lilt ",'" poor CIIIece..... Haw ell ,. .. 
tlCAT prep ~ lin's. way: Pay A ,. CllnlIIiIiII it 11m, .. WI' tab $40 • 
die price ($10 oIf i. Apri). As JIll ,. " .ay ...., we ..., CDStIea .. .., ... 
.. -.t au ~ ...... PBOFtllOm 

2_Choose your Session Early. MC~T -- .. III! ..., ... 
". earIJ..... < > ....... (alllrllrk) .. ..., 
sasiotIs. a..e '" .., .. 24 IIIIIeIcs ,... 
sessioa, -dIIicI- -- . ~ 4is " ... fiddJ. -..... 
spot ill die ..... lllat .. MIt fDr ,.. . 

3. Get your tbterials Ellty. PIEP COURSE- TIle .. ,. .. III 111M," 
earier ,., start tIitIIIiIa ... V II S-. Y- QI &It die ... 
(c.sIIIdr .,..., .... " - lOT !I.e Pnp Pack k. ',., lit 

4. The Summer "4 ttCAT wiI be Aupst 2oa, 10 .. MptltIber nil 
Ieaase of ittcruse4 (I ........... fDJ SCInI, l1li ... apiIst _ ...... (1M .. Will 
schoiI ~ lite., die AAIIC bas ,... ........ ., die __ lOT .. II'" 1M. Y __ 
11m _ !as .. to __ lOT ... It die 1M! ,...... STMT WLY! 

5. One less thing tD .... about before Spring Irak, eh~ 

reported. 
When I picked up the article, I 

expected 10 read an accurate deIcrip-
lion of tile duties and rewards of this 
position. I don't know if it is to tile 
disaedit of tile writer, but the overall 
JDeIIII8IC of the article was unjustly 
neptive. 

Being an R.A. can be great fun. It 
_ given me men Iaupter, memo-
riesaad pride tbaa any job I law ever 
bad. Of CIOUIIIe, it can be trying at 
times, but tile atisfec:Qnn I aet from 
baviDa the Rllidcnla tnIIt and coafide 
in me, aeek my advice aad ay at tile 
end rl tile year that I belped make 
their }'CIJ' a J)OIitive experieDcc, out-
wei&ba aU aftlle ............ 

AImoet IDY R.A. would say, bo-
sides the priceIc&a IeamiDg experi-
eoce this job gives us, tbM ooe of tile 
batpartlofbeinsanR.A. is 10 beule 
to call former residents friends. That 
is wbat the job isaboul, and I wish this 
bid been tile foc:uaaftlle article, rather 
than the lOUr feelinp of a few of my 
ClOlleagues. 

~N,·.llzr 
RIIIdeat AdnIor, RenDe 

Or "How can you c:aU yourself I femi-
nist when - says sud! things." But 
boocstly, I don't keep tIbI on aU tile 
feminiJts in tile world. ADd I don't 
speak for aU feminists any more than 
all feminills IfICIk for me. 

That', tile great tbina about femi-
nism.Feminists,asasroup,bavemany 
different viewpoints about tile same 
issue. I simply speak for myself and 
my own views. Each feminist bas a 
di1Ierent means at acbievina equality 
for women. 

Andwbile I don't noceaarily agree 

Hate Speech 
EdItor: 

African-American Sludent Union 
PresidealAntbcreca Edmenoa should 
be ubamed ofbmelf. As arepresenta-. 
live of IJIOUPofoppce.cd people, &be 
IbouId bow beaICr tbaa to write such 
1ft u.asitive Icacr u the one which 
appeamd in tile MardI 7 GIItI1ditut. 

Ma. Edmenoachmiuedthework 
of IIOIDC poor, oppreucd graffiti art-
iIts u "vandali""" and aJIo called it 
"immature, 1netrectiveand IIIIpI'Oduc-
·tiw." Evea wone, Ihe refemd to 

~ that abc tabs pm in be>-
IIlOIeD!aI activity u "perIonaIattacb 
10 cIepndate my c:barader." Doesn't 
Ihe know that bomoeemaIity is an 
8CXlCpCabJe altemative to heterosexu-
ality DOW? How can it be a "pcnonal 
atIIIdt" to practice DOI'IDal behavior? 

The university should invoke the 
"bate speech" policy and punish Ms. 
Edmenon as severely upCllSible. We 
simplycan'taUowpeopletogoaround . 
saying suc:h mean, insensitive things 
under the guise of free speech. 

EdWqner 

with aU tbese viewpoints, it's impor-
tant tbat all voiocsand perspectives be 
beard and respected. 

Despite this, feminism is continu-
aUy misrepresented and misunder-
stood. We occd to IISCSS what the 
meaning 9f feminism has become, 
and wbat feminism really is. 

It's about not baving to acx:ept the 
status quo, and beins able to do any-
tbing, regardless ofbow many X chro-
moeomes one has. That's wby I con-
tinue to say, ". am a feminist and I am 
proud." 

':$3900 ~ EXAM, 
" CLEANING a 

./ ~ X-RAYS ., ..... 
ONE TIME ONLy GRAND OPENINQ SPEcIALI 

BrIng tIW ad with you to your appointment 
• We're open eveainp .. weekends! 
.. Our priceI are """ievIIbIy affonIabIe! 
• Prompt and pnde C8I8 ill a Iaudf1tI priVllle office! 
• Special ~y o«er-$15O ... wIliIeaiII (per IIda) 

• • 24 Hour Bmapncy Availlblel 

• PIeIIy fA tree PIIIdaII 
CAlLUS FOR 

• AN APPOMMENT 622-1007 
• I6ID e •• I ... Ave., SUIte 312 

We acc.pt inaIt NIIance pkn and "'*' CMdI CCIIdI 

A ID 

.,,.. ........... a •• dwlh't.p .... youGDUld 
~_.P: 1,.danar''''''-.CMh.and ..... 

medical ,. •• .-cN 

HetllaBlolo,s!cs, Inc. 
882·5252 

Thand.,., Mareh 10, 1"' NEWS 7 

UCSD Police Add New Campus Call Boxes 
SAFETY: New phones 
are part of campus 
police department effort 
to upgrade equipment 
IIJ ... JoIi •• on 
sr." WI1tIIr 

The UCSO Police Department 
has installed a new system of cel-
lular call boxes that will connect 
callers from anyone of 27 loca-
tions throughout campus directly 
to the police station. 

The new IOlar-powered phones 
replace the exiating system of bat-
tery-powered radio frequency 
phones at the same locations. A 
bright flashing light marks the lo-
cation of each of the new boxes, 
which have been fully operational 
since March 1. 

Callers on the new system can 
reach the department for any kind 

of police _iatanc:e, including re-
quests for CSO cacorll, _ilance 
with diaabledvebiclea,orto report 
a crime. 

The cellular phones were in-
stalled by GTE and US West cel-
lular and are the same Itind used on 
IAIAngeleaCounty freeways. The 
system w .. funded by the office of 
Busineu Affairs, headed by Vice 
Chancellor Steven Relyea, as part 
of a police department radio up-
grade. The pbones cost $80,000 to 
install. 

Crime Prevention Officer AI 
Jenkins said the new phones are 
part of an ongoing effort by the 
police department to increase cam-
pus safety_ 

Jenkins added that the quar-
terly surveys about the quality of 
lighting around campus were avail-
able to any student who requested 
them. 

ylitltN Zlllllllnv/Guirdlen 
~ c8l1 box .. now 
IIdom the CIImpus. 

-"""""""",,,, ("'dtwur 
Complete ~ne of 5538 La Jolla Blvd 
,wirnwear and 
cover-up' for 
women of all ~ 

551-1004 

1 O%dlscount 
Wit" tlVc ad ~.p 3/31 p4 . 

IU 
SEl 

.TRII, 

Two Campuses Withdraw from UCSA 
LOBBYING: UC Davis 
claims group does not 
comply with ruling 

"[UC Devls] uld we 
weren't complyln, 
with BmltlL •• but 

By JonlUl PIIImer 
Associate News Editor 

, the, didn't have 
en, evidence." 

Amid a reshuffling in the Uni-
versity of California Students As-
sociation (UCSA) following the 
Smith v. Regents decision earlier 
this year, twostudentgovemments 
announced that they would discon-
tinue their involvement in the 
UCSA. 

Citing the UCSA's intent t9 
establish I sister lobbying body to 
work on behalf of students, both 
the UC Davis Associated Students 
and the UC Riverside Graduate 
Student Association have with~ 
drawn from the UCSA. 

The Smith decision handed 
down by the Slate Supreme Court 
last February does not aUow lob-
bying groups - like the UCSA 
before the rulina - to be funded 
with mandatory .tuclent fees. "We 
were concerned with how the 
UCSA il takiaa ltepi to comply 
with Smilh, " said UCD Auoci-
ated Studenta President Dana 
Schoffner. 

"We've spoken 10 UCSA [rep-
resentatives] about this... in the 
end [they] weren't will ina to 
change their charter_ .. Scboffner 
said. "There'. OIlIy 10 much talk-
ina we can do," .... added. 

Scbotrner said that the did not 

-Nick EndNS 
UCSA Vice President 

want to open up the UCO Associ-
ated Students to the possibility of 
any legal disputes because of its 
association with the UCSA. 

Schoffner cited a letter from 
the Gary Morrison, Deputy Gen-
eral It the UC Office of the Preai-
dent, thlt. OUtlined doubts about 
the legality of the proposed con-
nection between the Lobby Corps 
andUCSA. 

"In summary, I would delete 
from the UCSA charter working 
with the Lobby in development of 
italobbyina. " wrote Morrison. 

"1balW8Sexac:tlyourconcem, " 
Schoffner said. "[UCSA's] char-
ter says UCSA will have close 
connection ... with tbe Lobby 
Corps. That i. co-minalin. of 
funda," she added. 

U~-t: Preaident Nick 
Endres with Sc:boffDer'a 
opinion that the establishment of 
the Lobby Coipl by the UCSA 
would be illegal. "They said we 
weren't complyiDa with SIttilII ... _ 
but they didn't have ~y evidence 
[to .apport th.t claim]," laid 
Endres, who i .. 110 UCSO's A.S. 

vice president external. 
Endres said that representatives 

from the UCSA had tried to con-
vince Davis and Riverside of the 
legitimacy of the UCSA Lobby 
Corps by using l!ocuments from 
attorneys, which approve of the 
idea. 

"We came in with 20 pages of 
evidence ... [including] letters from 
lawyers. They accused us of try-
ing to intimidate them [with the 
documents]," Endres said. 

At a time when the UCSA is 
working to refocus its lobbying 
efforts onto the regents and away 
from the California State legisla-
ture, the suspended involvement 
of the two groups will mean finan-
cial difficulty for the UCSA. 

"We had been planning to ex-
pand ourstaff .. . . That's not some-
thing we're going to be able to 
do," Endres said. 

Endres said that he hoped that 
the UCR Graduate Student ~ 
ciltion and UCD Associated Stu-
dents would eventually decide to 
return to the UCSA. 

According to Schoffner, be 
withdrawal of funda ia not yet of-
ficial nor is it necessarily a perma-
nent break in ties with the orpni-
zation. "The ball is in UCSA's 
court," she said. 

1be system-wide association is 
tryin. to get as many campus rep-
reaentatives together as pmsible 
for ita April 28 meeting in San 

. Francilco. 

If you have brains, beauty, 
talent, & "giddyap," 

YOli Will win 51 000 ~nd a 
Melrose Place TV screen lest' 

1 .............. 1. 
• Sportswear • Evenino Dress 
• Wl8lIm Duds • Talent 

Be Here, 
Be A Star! 

----. , c..II. "".. frJr ALL .....,."" 
~:~ For mart InfoITllllion & lIQistratlon c:a112n·73261111r 3 pm 
~ .a CIM ••••• _ ............. 27HM 

Truly Affordable 
HP-CANON-APPLE InkJet Refills 
For as low as $7.95 per 2 refills 

-R .... HP 511lO6A BI< $7,95/2 reIIIIa -R .... CANON-APPLE $7.1l5J2""" 
-Refill HP511125A Color $8.95 -Refill HP51826A High ClIP. S8.95 

We Uke to keep things simple: . 
1)W._you...--y 
2) w. offer you the ~t ql.aty InkJet r.-, 
3) W. oftw you money beck ~ on .. products. 

~INK,apECTRUM .7'.,..1-7753 
.. · ....... 1. ·' ea '" 

women with moderate facial acne 
UCSD I'ledIcaI c.nt.r, 0. II......,. CWcaI Res.rch DMIIon. II concIucUnc 
• scud1 01 an on! medIcIdoI, for die awo,_,t 01 n.odw_IocIII_1n 
_10 ""'.rou ""* be: 

• 15-49 JWUI old" 35-49 yn old. must not srnob). 
: H.khr willi no COiiCI aIhdIcacioIli to on! concracepcI¥eI. 

· .w.. to aD oral ~ and 11M. non-honncInII buTtIr 
COiiCI~ for • momhL 

• ww.. to '-crnecoIo&k - and Pap __ " not performed wICh6n 
.... mondII. 

=-=:";:":=-':=,_~""""""'aI"''''''le I. 

I "I 1/" I J \ \ 

$1 COLLEGE BEEl NIGIIT COLLEGE PIZZA l PITCHER NIGIIT 
All to-oz. Micrabmnd ..... 

.1 .... 7p. 
t ... 12 ...... "" ... _ 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers ("'t,.1 $5 each 



8 NEWS The UCSD Gaardiaa Th ........ ,. ~b 10. ,1'" 

fifth Col .... Senior Jenner McCloM.y proteats outside .. 

WILSON: Rally 
marked by 
demonstrations 
Continued from .,... 1 

The students demanded that 
Wilson not tum his back on educa-
tion in California. "We've been 
fighting Pete Wilson to make edu-
cation a priority. and he's let us 
down," said Fifth College senior 
Jenner McCloskey. a member of 
Concerned Students. McCloskey 
added that the best choice for gov-
emor is State Senator Tom Hayden 
(D-Santa Monica). 

The protesters carried signs 
which read "Schools Not Prisons" 
and "No Re-Pete." 

The rally inside the restaurant 
was attended by a wide range of 
Wilson advocates, from senior citi-
zens to UCSD College Republicans. 
Laoma Davidson, former President 
ofIbeEl Cajon Republican Women, 
said she supports Wilson because 

"He tries to do what positively af-
fects most people." 

San Diego Mayor Susan 
Golding introduced Wilson, prais-
ing him for being. "a terrific gov-
ernor in incredibly tough times. 

''It's time for someone who isn't 
playing politics with our future to 
lead for 4 more years." added 
Golding, who worked under Wil-
son when he was a three-term 
m_ayor of San Diego. 

The san DIeIO ChIcIcen ent..un the crowd • T ..... ". relIy _ Gov. Wilson (left) looks Oft. 

Much of Wilson's speech fo-
cused on expanding the state's job 
market. In order for California to 
prosper, Wilson said, more jobs 
must become available for Cali-
fornians. 
. Wilson said companies like 
Intel, which manufactures semi-
conductor components and which 
has just recently expanded in Cali-
fornia, are an example of businesses 
which has created jobs in the state. . 
"We are going to see to it that job-
creators do not become an endan-
gered species." Wilson added. 

According to Wilson, the Fed-
eralJobSurveyconductedinFebru-
ary listed 150,000 new jobs in Cali-
fornia, knocking one percentage 
point off the unemployment rate. 

Wilson also linked job avail-
ability with California's crime rate, 
arguing that safer urban environ-
ments are more likely to attract 
employers. On Monday, the gov-
ernor signed the "Three Strikes 
You're Out Bill, " which he called 
"the toughest anti-crime bill ever 
in the state." 

Many protesters at the rally 
voiced their disapproval of the 
"Three Strikes" bill. "Twenty-one 
million dollars were taken away 

from public education, and jails 
aren't going to [stop crime], " said 
McCloskey. At one point, 
McCloskey and another protester 
entered the restaurant, shouting 
"Education is aright," as thoy were 
escorted out again by security , 
guards. 

Wilson did DOt address any of 
the concerns about education 
raised by the protesters. However. 
Wilson supporters dismissed the 
protests. "People complain that 
more money is going to prisons, 
but that's just a reflection of public 
opinion .... He's just following the 
will of the people." said Lee 
Nguyen, a member of the College 

Republicans ~ UCSD. 
Thurgood Marshall College 

junior Jason Silva, whose intern-
ship with Dorsee Productions re-
quires him to work at campaign 
fundraisers, said he doesn't blame 
Wilson alone for budget and edu-
cation problems in California. The 
assembly is just as responsible, 
Silva said. "( can see [the protest-
ers'] point and understand they're 
upset with fee increases .... But the 
University of California isstill the 
biggest bargain in the state, if not 
the country," he said. 

.......... Ior St8lf Writer ErIc 
Schmidt contributed to this 

report 

A friend? ... 

r-~---------~-----------, 

Your sister? .. . 
A co-worker? ... 0 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care . . . anywhere, 
Whether you need. birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, abor-
tion services, male or female 
sterilization, pre-natal care, 
annual exams, testing for SfDs 
and HN, or other infonnation 
concerning your health, know 
that Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

... ItEd .... 
'd SlnIllgoCculY 

UNITED WAY/CHAD 
It ~~ Ict ~ J.d fir.11 "III. 

Students Who Care Can Halp 
....... compIeIe lind clip this coupon 

Vol....., bece'. you carel Call 498-2121 ar1d your taIentI and intereats win be 
matched with a San DIego non-profit OI'PlIzatlon. 
DoMtIons may be made by completing this form and returning with your r1tedtJ 

I money order, pay. to United Way. Name I --------------------------------
I ~ .. ------------~------------------------I C~~~e~p ________________________________ ___ 
I 
I I .I'~ IetJmed IMI, rrgtll'dJas of CDIor or a~ w aU IWd aboId 1M !111M IJIfIOfUII of love. ~ .. 
L_ ,---------~ ________ ~~~~_.J 

r--------------------30 TANDAYS $29" . -, I r 
I 
I 
I 

We have 11 
convenient locations. 

february 
14th-18th 2 TANS FOR $1 

• I ' • f •• 

Can today for your 
next appointment. 

231·1711 
We care about 
yourhealtb 
... spread the word. 

A More tanning beck; than 
anyone in ~n Diego 

A Large. Iuxuri()t.K ~alon~ 
featuring Wa..R= ~ 

A Frequent bulb c~ 
o 

Tbunda,.lIareb 10,1994 11ae UCSD Guardian 

'/. Hot Sake 
,., 'ealHomia Roll 

",' 1iIiII1,._ 

r.ut ~ CCII4)On 
a'Id VClIcI UCSD D 
a ..... 01-'-. 
Not VClIcIIItIfIII ma/Ot WIQIhe 
Of lID ......... /IIPCib. 
51211 AuIapod Mal 

RebuIlt EngInes 
1Iak. 0 VaIV .. 

All ConditIoIling 
AlIa wat. Cooled 

CIutcheI 0 EIedrk:aI 
Mca_1CIIICe s.mc. san DIego, CA 92121-2114 

locaIIcIln .. AIIJIOfIOII MAlL Tune-Upt 0 c;c. a Dt.eI 

On-Site Total Immersion Program 
for Japanese Language 

For: ItWknIs wlto&e Uuerest or carur plans draw ~m to Japan 
dtose wIto WtJIII a IUIique aNJ metJllingfwl su_r leaming experiellCe 
dtose wIto WtJIIIID eam a year's word! ollllliversity ionguoge credit in 
Ofte IIIOftIit 

INTENSIVE JAPANESE STUDY 
AT FUKUYAMA UNIVERSITY, JAPAN 
Learn to speak, I8Ild and WItte Japanese In Ills Intensive "total immersion" 

progtWIIlO be held this summer at one d UCR's sister uniYersitles In Japan. 
PartlclplwlII wII be housed with Japanese families to gain greater understanding 
d the cullunt as well 88 the language. 
In Ihls four: __ summer aessIon. 12 units d undergraduate degree CntdIt or 

PQII-graclJaIe CntCIt can be earned, the equivalent d the first year of COIIege-IeveI 
Japanese. 
Dells: July 2.Ju1y 30. Ortentatlon meeting: to be 8MOIM'IC8d. 

Tuition: S32OO. Coat Includes airfare, meals. 8CCOIMIOdatlons, books, supplies and some local transportation. 
'or addItIon.Ilnforrndon, ceU "-Nn or ShIrley, (108) 787-4341. In 1700 or 1701. 

UnIvereIty EldInsion 0 UnMrsIIy of california 0 RIverside 

S Y RAe USE A B R 0 A D 

Looking for a good exchange rate to 
study abroad next semester? 

1.71 GPA ... up.U,1OO ScIIoI8r .... p 1.10 ePA ....... u,ooo ~Ip 
Itudr ..................... _ ................. . 
Syracuse University sponsors study abroad sites In 

FIor ..... Italy I..ondoft, England ...... Zimbabwe 
......... , Spain ..... ....,.. France 

SU credit - Reid trips/Travellna seminars - Internships _ Study for • semester, year or summer 
Courses tau&ht In English and In host country language 

SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY 
DMIaoN 01' IN1'DNAtIOfW. ........ A8RCMD -119 EuclkI Awnue. Syracuse, New VOlt< 13244-4170 

1-800-235-3472 - 315-44~71 

Personal dnd Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TES11NG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST ('"",."". T.II ReUta) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS (General or Local Anealhe_) 

ouwmrE 
~~".. 

VIN ....... c.d.~ 
l ~\ ,. ... ~rSf"'l, 

'>' , ' r II II h," fl ..... y 
t • j I t (I (I t , I ~ , 

"'\IS~-'O'" v,r :,) 'H WP()PT fif ,\( H 
~ fl,l n n I I A !' 1 j j I .~rJII~ ~~I' • )f 

I ' 1 11 ,1 I 'I ( ~ 1 1 . ~ 1" I I 1 

filll FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
. , 

NEWS 9 

Financial Aid Office May 
Add Peer Counselers 

v 

By Alex Th ...... 
Staff Writer 

Associated Students Lobbying 
Director Naomi Falk and Director 
of Student Financial Services Th0-
mas Runerrecentlydiscusseda pro-
posal calling for a fmancial aid peer-
counseling program. which could 
begin as early as January of 1995. 

The plan. formulated by Falk 
and Rutter on Tuesday. would al-
low students who are intimidated 
by staff counseling to work with a 
trained student instead. Peer coun-
selors would deal solely with 
simple problems that arise when 
students are completing fmancial 
aid forms. More complicated pr0b-
lems would be referred to trained 
staff members. 

"[The proposal] is siphoning off 
the basic questions that the staff 
doesn't have to do," Falk said. 

Rutter's biggest concem with 
the plan was ensuring that peer 
counselors receive adequate train-
ing before they deal with the prob-
lems of completing financial aid 
forms. According to Rutter, regu-

IRlPS: Professor 
disapproves of his 
replacement 
Continued from .,.,. 1 
students also said they were un-
easy with Thies' "relatively lim-
ited Japanese experience and short 
list of publications. " 

However, Professor Matthew 
McCubbins. a political science 
professor at UCSD. caUed Thies 
"one of the best or the best gradu-
ate student to ever come out of the 
Political Science Department." 

Other suggest that Johnson is 
ignoring other valid approaches to 
political science. "There are two 
competing explanations for Japa-
nese relations. I think Chalmers 
has isolated himself. And that is 
sad." s aid Professor Lawrence 
Krause. one of Johnson'scollegues. 

Bruce Cummings, a professor 
of Korean Affairs at the Univer-
sity of Chicago said, "So far as I 
can tell. IRIPS is happier when no 
one is around who Icnows any-
thing about East Asia." 

Johnson said that when he ar-
rived at IR/PS, he hoped it would 
be a "vanguard in addressing the 
new agenda of issues posed by the 

FEES: Report 
calls for faster U C 
changes in policy 
Continued from .... 2 
Finney added. 

However, Lassiter said the 
university has to move carefully 
when pursuing changes in policy. 

lar staff members may act as coun-
selors only after having at least 
one year of experience. "It·s very 
hard to pick financial aid counsel-
ing up in a short amount of time." 
Rutter said. 

The proposal also includes 
plans for financial aid outreach to 
high schools and parents of stu-
dents. with a possible expansion 
to include bilingual counselors. 

UCSD had a similar program 
over five years ago, but it was shut 
down because peer counselors gave 
misinformation. To preventthe pr0b-
lem from recurring, Rutter said that 
the fmancial aid office was "going 
to do it slow and try to overcome 
[those problems]" by using what he 
called a "ramp-up" process. 

"We're going to try a small. 
experimental program and im-
prove it little by little from there," 
he said. 

"There's a potential for some-
thing positive coming out of this 
in that students would feel more 
comfortable with other students." 
Rutter added. 

emergence in East Asia of new 
centers of wealth and power." 
Before coming to UCSD,hetaught 
Chinese and Japanese politics at 
UC Berkeley for 26 years, 

In January of 1993. Johnson 
said he became an emeritus pro-
fessor because "it was no longer 
possible to deny that IR/PS had 
become far from a vanguard [to) 
a typical example of an institu-
tion that was preservative. risk-
averse. and devoted to protecting 
the interests of tenured faculty ," 

"Iff could. I would pick faculty 
with the right qualifications." 
Johnson added. "They wou ld have 
to have studied a country, worked 
in that country, and be able to 
basically read the language before 
they could see themselves as an 
' expert.' Most of the faculty at IR/ 
PS s~y they are experts in a certain 
country because they flew over 
the place in daylight." 

Retired, Johnson will continue 
his work on a book about Japan 
and "basically [quit) wasting my 
time." 

"We hoped [Johnson) would 
continue teaching at the school 
and we will continue to offer that 
position to him if he wishes it," 
Krause said. 

"In any kind of institution as large 
as [the University of California 
a,td the California State Univer-
sity). itean ' t move precipitously." 
he said. 

"It is a process that takes some 
time. trying to streamline as much 
as possible. You just can' t change 
the university overnight, " Lassiter 
added. 

Hey Features 
Writers!" 

There's a meeting tonight at 5 p.m, Please show up 
or you personally will be responsible for ruining our 
Spring Break. Call 534-6580 for more details. 



10 The UCSD Guardian 

NO ~NN" AL FU..1 
A f'.I000 (M.~'T L'I1'T 

AN~ LOW MrfJ 
DKAt .. NDW HIT THf. JEA(H! • 

If YOU ~OW"T 60T It 
6£.T IT.'" 

u C S D G U A R D I A N ART I a EN' E R , A I N MEN' MAR C H 10, 1 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nEWS 
R 0 [ K 

• A&M Records and the 300 
Interactive Multiplayer system 
have created "RCNMI R .... ," 
a video game which features 
the music of alternative bands 
such as Soundgarden, 
Therapy?, Monster Magnet, 
Hammerbox, Swervedriver and 
Paw. Music videos by 
Swervedriver and Paw are in-
corporated into the high-speed 
motorcycle combat adventure. 
The video game will retail for 
$69.95 and will be available 
sometime this spring. 

LOCAL 

• When the UCSD WInd En-
..... bIe performs Friday in 
Mandeville Auditorium, it will 
play somo standard pieces: 
"Barber of Seville" and 
"CavalIeria Rusticana." But the 
ensemble will also perform "In 
the Age of Machines," an ex-
perimental piece by graduate 
composer Van Decker. The 
piece is an allegorical compo-
sition that reverses the tradi-
tional roles of the instruments. 
Rober ZeHckman will direct the 
ensemble. Info: 534-5404 . 

• To celebrate Spring Break, 
MTV will be at Mariner's Point 
on Mission Bay through March 
14. The taping schedule for the 
rest of the week is as foHows: 
today, WJ'he Jon Stewart Show;" 
Friday, "Beauty and the 
Beach," a parody of a beauty 
pageant; Saturday, "Lip Ser-
vice;" Sunday, "The Grind;" 
and Monday, "MTV Jams." 
The programming will air 
March 18 through 27. For in-
formation on tickets, call 682-
1030. 

TI( KETS 
• The R ....... ' concert 
originally booked at Iguana's 
has been moved to the Price 
Center Ballroom. It will still 
take place Friday at 8 p.m., and 
Frank BIKIt will open tho show. 
Tickets for studen .. afe $16 in 
advance. Info: 570-1222. 

• Ticke .. ao on sale tomorrow 
at 3 p.m. for die Australian pop 
poup IND, whidl will per-
form at die Sports Arena at 
7:30 p.m. on April 6. Tickets 
Itart at $12. Info: 570-1222. 

ROCK * EN 
EVOLUCIO 

American and Latin bands unite for rock concert 

I t was bound to happen. With the Sabina will perform with u.s. acts and David Bowie and built a fairly combination of a burgeoning Redd Kross, Live and guitarist successful solo career, will per-rock scene in Mexico Adrian Belew. form an acoustic set. and the current trend e~IPllN@8 Los Angeles-based The headlining act Caifanes has of popular musicians Redd Kross began playing alreadyestab-
findingtheirinflu"encesoutsidenationaJ punk rock in 1978, and has inf]u- Iisheditselfas CA~1.t:~;1)4-
borders, American and Mexican rock encedgroupssuch asRE.M., Pave- a viable rock J~ 
bands were destined to be united. ment and Sonic Youth. Its latest group. It has already sold twoplati-
"Revoluci6n '94," Friday night's con- album Phaseshifter has spawned num and six gold records since its 
cert at SDSU's Open Air Theatre, will the single "Jimmy's Fantasy," inception seven years ago. 
feature a billing that includes three which has received heavy airplay Caifanes' last album, EI Silencio, 
American alternative rock artists and on alternative radio was produced by Belew. 
some of the hottest Latin acts. Mexico's stations. Belew,agui- • Maldita Vecindad YLosHijos 
Caifanes, Maldita Vecindad Y Los tarist who got his start VI Del Quinto Patio (which means 
Hijos Del Quinto Patio, La Castaneda, playing with Frank J"'Ji'lII.!I:ifIF-. "The Damned Neighborhood 
Chicano Secret Service and Santa Zappa, King Crimson ( See I!OCK, page H4 

* B· y J E F F N I ESE L, H I A T usE 0 ITO R * 



HIATUS 2 

20% 
OFF 

TUESDAYS 
FOR U C S D STUDENTS 

ALW 5lNIORSANDMILITARY 

Brian's Birthday in a B-BaU 
J'IO Chris Yuen 

Conducted by the University of San Diego. Spanish 
language at all levels. Education. Art. Hispanic Studies. 
History. Literature. Cross-Cultural Studies. Weekend excur-
sions. Tuition for 1-8 units: $700. undergraduate; $750. gradu· 
ate . Live with a Mexican Host Family. Hotel and apartments 
also available. 

Write or Call : . GUADALAJARA SUMMER SESSION 
t lS=>l'lI'oCfIIlY ci &In oq:, University of San Diege 5998 Alcala Park. 

San Diego. CA 92110-2492 
(619) 260-4598 

$199=-
Complete includes Thin 

Hi-Index lens w/Free UV Coating 

()f MORE lIME 

WIN 
KIT·KATS 
This sequel b the original giveaway is 
so difficlM, we ADBROS1~doubt!hot 
we'N heM 10 IorIc <MI' ooy 0I1he 
divine chocoIoIe. Here's how: Use ooy 
3 0111. Guardian's bikhen coupons 
betw., now and March 27,l99A, 
bring in the receipts 10 our plush 
odIwtising suile, and shazoaml ~) 

UTe Village 
ON DEADLY GROUND_ 
SCHINDLER'S LIST • • REALITY BITES 
ACE VENTURA • ,I ANGIE 
GUARDING TESS THE CHASE 
GREEDY THE REF 
WHAT'S EATING GILBERT GRAPU 

l (lll to r onlo, fl' (011 to (Onforfl' 
452-7766 453-7831 

The UCSD CaardiaD Tband.y. Marcb 10, 1994 

ART 

"hoto counesy 01 MandlYMie Gallery 
Marlo Uribe'. "SlmIrt Bomb VIewpoint" I. on d ...... y In the MandeYille Galle.,.. 

Contemporary-Visions 
Two artists offer different depictions of death 

By C.re UcMlI 
Staff Writer 

Artists Ante Marinovic's and 
Mario Uribe's recent drawings 
powerfully communicate realistic 
accounts of death and decay. Shar-
ing a central theme of war. their 
works dramatically depict the cir-
cumstances and consequences 
which destructive battles bring to 
various cultures. 

In an exhibit called "Contem-
porary Visions" on display at the 
Mandeville Gallery. Marinovic. 
from Yugoslavia. and Uribe. origi-
nally from Mexico. present inter-
pretations of contemporary events 
based on their personal experi-
ences. 

Using charcoal. black crayon 
and ink. both artists present dark 
and at times obscure interpreta-
tions of their similarly somber sur-
roundings. 'These limited colors. 
consisting of shades of black and 
sparse spaces ofwhite, offer a harsh 
presentation of gloom and despair. 

Uribe and Marinovic both com-
municate a mood of desolation in 
which there is little room for color 
or light. 

Uribe's anguish regarding war 
and his concern with the public ' s 
response are evident throughout 
his work. "I suppose that in a way. 
making these large drawings about 
topics which concern me very much 
is cathartic for me." Uribe writes 
on an introductory plaque. "The 
physicality and the emotional dis-
charge provide me with a two-fold 
means of expressing my frustra-
tion with the subject matter." 

A series of five small. square 
drawings portray people's differ-
ent reactions in atime of war. With 
tlIeir narrative content, pieces such 
as "All Alone Now ...... and "You 
Took Him ..... tell blatant tales of 
those who lament for loved ones 
loat or away in the war. 

Uribe'slargerworUofferotber 
depictions of periods of war. fo-
CUlina more on JIOU .. and land-
ICapeI rather than individual sto-
ries. 

"Harvest Time." a drawing of a 
distant terrain with heads of rifles 
extended into the air in the fore-
ground. presents a forceful image 
of artillery dominating an other-
wise natural world. 

Instead of depicting the birth of 
new life and growth of plants. which 
one might expect given the setting 
and title. Uribe offers the more 
depressing reality of menacing 
weaponry and death. 

This displacement is also evi-
dent in "Hiroshima," a drawing 
depicting a horrific image of a 
barely discernible young boy black-
ened by the Hiroshima bombing in 
1945. 

Uribe expresses the injustice of 
all suffering caused by humans. In 
"March 3, 1991." he portrays the 
familiar scene of Rodney King's 
beating by police officers. While 
Uribe the title makes it clear the 
topic is the Rodney King beating. 
Uribe presents the scene in an ex-
tremely obscure manner. leaving 
the majority of the drawing com-
pletely black. The vague figures 
partaking in the atrocity blend in 
with one another. but the image 
doesn ' t become so obscure that it 
is murky. You can still see enough 
of the image for it to be powerful. 

"Smart Bomb: Viewpoint" also 
looks at the perspectives of both 
attacker and victim. The drawing 
is an aerial view of -a group of 
people who are looking up with 
their hands to the sky. Blue lines 
strategically represent the marking 
or aiming of a target for a bomb. 
Here Uribe depicts a close-up 
glim»Se of endangered human 
lives. causing one to wonder 
whether those who release the 
bombs from up above ever see the 
life below which they are Ibout to 
destroy. 

While Marinovicalloexpreues 
hi. view. on war. he conc:entrates 
specifically oa the devastation of 
Yugoalavia. Hia larp-lCale draw-
inp reflect the aftermath of battle. 
depictin, various venion. of a 
desolate land. Marinovlc's an is 

not as predominantly dark as 
Uribe·s. and virtually no human 
representations appear in his work. 
"Tired Landscape" consists of a 
dreary. littered landscape resem-
bling an abandoned wasteland. 

Another piece. "Purgatory." of-
fers an expanse of land and black 
sea, with scattered debris all around 
and a work table with various tools 
laid out on top. 

These tools also appear in other 
works. seemingly replacing all 
human life. 

Another motif throughout 
Marinovic's works is a large. dead 
fish cut open with its insides com-
ing out. In "Conscience and 
Refuse." this image dominates the 
drawing. 

The pervading image of the dead 
fish appears to indirectly represent 
the political strife taking place in 
his homeland. 

The insides of the fish. along 
with other debris which recur in his 
work. are useless materials signi-
fying a loss or end. Marinovic pro-
vides no sense of hope. nor does he 
offer any answers or even clues. 

The few human figures he in-
cludes. such as the faint silhouettes 
in "Last Supper." do not communi-
cate any direct emotion. Likewise, 
his other works. which portray only 
landscape. don't allow the viewer 
to draw any concrete conclusions. 

Both of these artista interpret 
their worlds by depicting the con-
aequencesofwar. While Uribecre-
atea more obvious image~ of the 
actual battle and ita innocent .,ic-
tims. Marinovic emphuiv.7 the 
subsequent effects of war. 

Their simplistic styles may not 
affect all viewers aesthetically. but 
each anistcommunicates profound 
meuagea full of emotion and con-
cern for the oppreuion that takes 
place in the world. 

.. Contemporary Viaioos: Draw-
inp by Ante Mariaovic and Mario 
Uribe" will be on diipl.y at the 
MandeviIWOalIery Ibroup April 
2. Admisaioa is free. Call 534-
3120 for more information. 

Tbanday.llan:b 10. 1994 

THIS WEEK 

today 
Th~ NI.htmar. 8.'or. 
CIItU",.".. a cooky animated 
film produced by Tim Burton. 
shows at 6.9 and 11:30 p.m. in the 
Price Center Theatre. Tickets are 
$1 in advance. Info: 534-646i 

B. &elamy will perform stand-
up comedy in Mandeville Audito-
rium with Alex Thoma. and 
K ....... Matthew. at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $ 7 .50. Info: 
534-6467. 

PhHlp Larson will direct the 
UCSD singers in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall at 8 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-5404. 

EYan Dando. the sexy lead singer 
of the Lemonheads. will perform 
an acoustic concert with M ..... 
Ferrick at 4 p.m. at the Tower 
Records nea. me Sports Arena. 
Info: 224-3333. 

friday 
Rabert Zelekman will direct 
the UCSD Wind Ensemble in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-5404. 

AND 
The ......... will celebrate the 
release of its Sector 2 CD at the 
Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach 
at 9:15 p.m. Ceur R ..... ofLos 
Lobos, ... s-dy .... the 
FIyrIte Bop and The BIaz.,. 
will also perform. Tickets are $8. 
Info: 481-9022. 

The R......-. will play its time-
less punk rock in The Price Center 
Ballroom at 8 p.m. with Frank 
Black. Tickets for students are $16 
in advance. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Lucy'. Fur eoat will play an 
all-ages show with fluf and Un-
written a..w at the World Beat 
Center in Midtown at 8 p.m. Tick-
ets are $8.02. Info: 296-9334. 

saturday 
Carol .,.....mu ... ·s voice stu-
dents will give a recital in the 
Mandeville Erickson Hall at 4 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-5404. 

Nick Hep ...... the former Hair-
cut 100 singer. will return to San 
Diego to perform at Chiller's in 
Mission Beach at 9 p.m. Tickets 
aie $13. Info: 488-2000. 

The J..,.... Koto C .... 
will perform in the Mandeville 
Recital Ha:1 at 8 p.m. Admission is 
free. Infc: 534-5404. 

...... UCSD Guardian 

sunday 
Mitchel Morris ~ill direct the 
Collegium Musicum at 4 p.m. in 
Erickson Hall. Info: 534-5404. 

Janos Neu .. y~s chamber en-
sembles will perform at 8 p.m. in 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. Ad-
mission is free. Info: 534-5404. 

monday 
N ....... '. Ghost, Lost CIty, 
R ...... Honkey and The Of· 
fenders play at the Belly Up Tav-
ern in Solana Beach at 8 p.m. Tick-
ets are $4. Info: 481-9022. 

tuesday 
Entombed will play with 
Un ..... and The Obseuecl at 
the World Beat Center at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $12. Info: 296-9334. 

wednesday 
B. Walton will read from and 
sign his book Nothing But Net at 
the Barnes and Noble Bookstore in 
Del Mar from 7 to 8 p.m. The 
former Boston Celtic star is now a 
sports commentator for NBC. Info: 
481-4038. 

Singer liz ....... will perform at 
the Casbah at 8:30 p.m. with 
Someone'l .,.....,. Tick-
ets are $8. Info: 232-4355. 

IHE~TR[ 
Dly.rslonary Playhous.: 
"nooses. knives & lovers." a play 
written and directed by Robert Jo-
seph. runs through March 26 at this 
new playhouse in Hillcrest. Per-
formances are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Saturday. Tickets are $10 
and $12. Info: 574-1060. 

North eo.tRepertOIy: "Isn't 
It Romantic?," Wendy Was-
serstein's play about middle-class 
life, will run through April 1 O. Per-
formances are Thursday through 
Saturday at 8 p.m. and at 2 and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tickets range from 
$14 to $16. Student discounts are 
available. Info: 481-1055. 

409 Studio The.tre: 
Stephanie French directs 
"Superapeman in The Battle for 
the Satellite of Love," a new play 
by Carey Friedman. It runs through 
March 12. Performances are today 
at 8 p.m .• Friday at 8 and II p.m. 
and Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets are 
$3. Info: 534-3793. 

MancieU W .... Forum: Guest 
director Les Waters will direct 
Caryl Churchill's "A Mouthful of 
Birds." which runs through March 
13. Performances are today and 
Friday at 8 p.m .• Saturday at 2 and 
8 p.m. and Sunday at 7 p.m. Tick-
ets for students are $4. Info: 534-
3793. 

HIATUS 3 

(;ALLERIES 
Mu .... m of Con............, 
Art: An exhibit by Scottish-born 
artist David Mach uses 20 tons of 
magazines to present the story of a 
post-World War II American fam-
ily. It will be on display through 
April 7. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. 
t05 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. 
Info: 234-1001. 

Porter R.ndall G.llery: 
Works by Flavia Gilmore and Rob-
ert Hale will be on display through 
April 15. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday from 10 a.m. to 
5 p.m .• noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. 
Admission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

Mu .... m of Photogr.phlc 
Arts: " Howling at the Moon: Ex-
hibitions by Keith Carter and Mario 
Cravo Neto" will be on display 
through March 20. The exhibit 
details connections between South-
ern-American and Brazilian cul-
ture. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. t05 
p.m. Monday through Sunday. Ad-
mission is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

MandeYi11e Galle.,.: "Contem-
porary Visions: Drawings by Ante 
Marinovic and Mario Uribe" will 
be on displa y through April 2. Both 
artists live and work in ~un Diego. 
Marinovic. who is from Yugosla-
via. is known for his sculptures. 
while Uribe. from Mexico, is 
known for his murals. Both artists 
depict the horrors of war. Gallery 
hours are Tuesday through Sunday 
from noon to 5 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 534-2864. 

IF THIS 
DOESN'T 
EXCITE 
YOU, CHECK 
YOU R 
P U L S E , ~----..... YOU MIGHT 

__ '.·7I. __ 'M_ 
... t· __ ·et .... M. 

BE DEAD. 
• ..... 1 l' 

... 
M'E 
... 

frank. Black. ~ 
FrIday, MarcIl 1111 • IpnI ~ 

UCSD Pilei CIS'" I .. n.. 1. & • 
................ 1111 ., .. 

• • I' .~ ~ ••• • .~''''''''41.." n~).o'" t... ,,1\ 10.'1" " .. 
~., ,~ ... _ .,..' . ,." ~"P"q"", ... ,t'.P"·(''''l'' 

• w • • ~ , ~ w t f'. ~ .". I "'''' <1',"' Iw_" ' ••• 

f" • ., ... H .• ·.I lay II ... Sllu •• f" •• ~~.·I1.~ 
WI'" I"" 1"11 I nt, '''''tlllll Iii III I 1)1' II .. ", .vdt, 1\ ~ lit ~I) J', Iqf ItI'n1l1l11 



I • 

-. _ ..... - --~---- _. , 

HIATUS" The UCSD Guardiaa Thunda" )(aRb 10, 1994 

•••••••••••• MATERIAL ISSUE ••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

I 
~ 

I 

RD 
f , I) til 111 U I II ,t I t!l II II I I I t II II r 

Wi ,. 

THIS 
SATURDAY! 

~ SAT. MARCH 12 7:30PM l.lMITPAII MlSSIOII.ICI 

ROCK: 
ContInued from ..... H1. 
and the Children of the Fifth Pa-
tioj has also released two suc-
cessful studio albums and one live 
six-track EP. It has toured the 
United States before and is cur-
rently recording a new album. 

Although it has received fu less 
attention than Caifancs and Maldita 
Vccindad, Santa Sabina is a band 
with much promise. The group is 
now recording with Belew, and its 
first self-titled album, produced by 
Caifanes guitarist Alejandro 
Mucovich, is brilliant The band's 
quirky music is a rich blend of salsa, 
rock and pop. During a recent phone 
interview, pianist Juan SebastiAn 
Lach discussed the popularity of 
rockenespanol(rockmusicbySpan- . 
ish-spealting bands). He spoke from 
Belew's studio in Lake Geneva, WS. 

"It [rock en espanol) is also get-
ling to be populu in Mexico," Lach 
said. "It has a truth to it which is 
from the people who make it. It's not 
like a copy of rock - it has its own 
rock, which is true to its people. It's 
good for us to see it is liked in this 
country. We like to have a point in 
common with many people." 

The name Santa Sabina comes 
from Maria Sabina, a shaman who is, 
a figure in Mexican mysticism. The 
music also has a mystical element to 
it. Songs such as "Vacio" and "A la 
OriUa del sol" have an eerie, haunt-
ing quality achieved with whispered 
vocals and restrained guitar riffs. 
Lach said the band tries to incorpo-
rate its mystical religious beliefs 
into the music. 

"We think about music in a 
magical sense. It helps us spiritu-

ally aa human hemp and helps 
other people remember we are on 
top of a sub-world, especially in 
Mexico, where each city is con-
structed on top of another world 
which lies below us. We chose our 
name from an Indian shaman who 
cured with magic mushrooms." 

Santa Sabina was formed in 
1987 when members were work-
ing on a similar theater project. 
Singer Rita Guerrero was starring 
in the principal role, and other 
band members were playing the 
musical parts. Lach said the band 
tries to maintain a theatrical di-
mension to its live performances. 

"We have kept a lot of the the-
atrical influence, especially in con-
cepts of performing," Lach said. 
"We have merged the two [theater 
and rock music]. But we also like 
to use a lot of video to compliment 
the music. We use abstract images 
and colors and images that relate." 

Although tach said the band 
admired Peter Gabriel's recent tour, 
which was a video extravaganza, he 
said the group could not see itself 
doing anything on the scale ofU2's 
high-tech "Zooropa" tour. 

"It can get too big sometimes. U2 
Wa<l too mega," Lach said, emphasiz-
ing that Santa Sabina !uti the resources 
for a major production. 

"I think it [the new album] 
sounds the same, but we've gone 
deeper into what we've already 
started. It 's more dense. It goes 
further. That's the difference. It -
shows our evolution as musicians." 

"Revoluci6n '94" will take place 
Friday at 7 p.m. at the SDSU Open 
Air Theatre. At press time, tickets 
were available. For information, call 
278-TIXS. 

CHARLES .HARRI"GTO" ELSTER 

.... 

Tbunday. Mareh 10,1994 The UCSD Guardiaa 

e-
8110 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

LA JOL-LA 

For delivery call: (619) 492·2222 
Forcarryoutcall: (619) 551 ·9271 

'asfer Servicel 'ree Deliveryl 
Pizza Hur is committed to serving you better. Don't just-take our 
word for it. Give us a call today, and find out for yourself why we're 
calling it a Whole New Hutl 

HIATUS HS · 

II II • • • 

= ~ = LARGE = or ~,=!II = BUYONE = II lum • I. II pee •• J • GEIGNE • 
= .'!pping = Medium = $799 = FREE = 
• Pizzas • Charge • • • 
• $999 II • ::.:':!. ~ '::.=1:-": ~~. .., AIfY PImI_ rICIIvt • II • o::z:~ _ .•. 11IaII II 'l ..... --. a...'-'........ ...... PIzza If II pizzi..... ~'-·., ... leM· ... ~·SIyIe ..... leu. ~ FIR. II • II ............... ,............. . •• 
• =-~7.1= Jl,. ~.f~~; ,l, • ~i.\J s,. ==-~~:;~ 1:.,.1 
• ==-=l':tt. • :.~~,-c;m.: . • :i~--F~- • ~='~-== .. ~ .1 ••••• _.11 ••••••••••••• _.11 ••••• ; 

"1:"" • 



HIATUS 6 The UCSD Guardiaa Th ........ y, March 18, 19M 

FILM 

What's Eating Gilbert Grape? 
Film handles a sensitive issue with panache 

By John Godfrey 
Guardian Reporter 

Johnny Depp has been devel-
oping his role as a sensitive and 
pensive male for sometime now. 
Since his performance as the mis-
understood monster in Tim 
Burton ' s fairy tale Edward 
Scissorhands, Depp has captured 
the attention of audiences who are 
starting to look to male leads for 
passion instead of pure action. 
Depp, who is hot off his perfor-
mance in Benny and loon, again 
successfully exudes quiet emo-
tions in What's Eating Gilbert 
Grape?, a film which has been 
playing in limited release since 
Christmas and was just released 
nationally last Friday. 

Although he plays the lead role, 
Depp is not the only actor deserv-
ingpraise in Gilbert Grape. Young 

actor Leonardo DiCaprio, who 
played a troubled teen with Robert 
DeNiro and Ellen Barkin in This 
Boy's Life, is stunning as Arnie, a 
mentally-disabled 18-year-old. 
DiCaprio, who earned an Oscar 
nomination for "best supporting 
actor," plays Arnie with such fi-
nesse that he tactfully avbids ma-
nipulating the audience's sympa-
thies. 

DiCaprio 's acting and the di-
rection of Lasse Hallstrom (My 
Life as a Dog) make Arnie a funny, 
energetic and intelligent charac-
ter.It's not often that films portray 
sensitive issues with this kind of 
depth. 

The story takes place in the 
barren midwestern town ofEndura, 
Iowa. The most exciting events in 
Endura are the annual Airstream 
trailer convention and the arrival 

·Hilariousl 
Mind-Bandina I 
Mind-Bogglingl· 
- John Simon, 

. New York Magazine 

·Thay'ra avil 
ganiusasl· 
- David letterman 

Tickets $34, Students $17 
~ Coming April 10: 

~ .. AVNER THE ECCENTRIC 
Caliitaulo Herring for Group IIaIes 550-1070 

LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSI 
at the Mandell Weiss Theatre on the UCSD campus. 

A Mou7bfuI 
by 
Caryl CbuII"ChU 
.. DavlclLan 

of Birds 

of a Burger Bam fast-food restau-
rant. 

Since his father abandoned his 
family, Gilbert has become an 
unlikely caretaker of Arnie, his 
two sisters and his mother. His 
biggest responsibility is Arnie, 
who, much to the chagrin of the 
local fire and police departments, 
enjoys scaling the water tower 
whenever he gets the chance. Gil-
bert also has to look after his 
mother (Darlene Carter). who has 
become sofa-ridden after balloon-
ing to SOO pounds since her 
huSband's departure. 

Gilbert's life becomes compli-
cated when Becky (Juliette Lewis) 
is stranded in Endura. Becky, a 
self-professed "worldy-wise 
wQman" who has travelled exten-
sively, and Gilbert, who sticks to 
routines, hit it off despite their 

JAMES 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

E _10'1'_ 
.. ..-- l1li 011''''': .CAII-*, 

_~"Ml_ 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

ole 

dig 

Court~ of PeIIr Iovino 
Leon.-do oec.prIo, Johnny Depp ..... Juliette lewis aur 
In WUf". E.tln6 GIIbwI G,..".7 
differences. As Gilbert s~nds 
more time with Becky, his affair 
with Betty Carver (Mary 
Steenburgen), an insurance 
salesman's wife, fIZZles, and he 
has trouble keeping an eye on 
Arnie. 

Gilbert's friends provide no 
help. The town mortician Bobby 
McBurney (a surprisingly re-
strained Crispin Glover) and the 
local handyman Tucker (John C. 

CHAPTERHOUSE 

chapterhouse 
blood music 

~ ·c,,/ _: 
WUI[TH( 
IIlAUTlfVl 

SIIl·S. YISIOII COIIfIISII* _ 

.m 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
." 

THE INOIMJS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

Reilly) are too interested in 
Gilbert's'love life to care about 
his feelings. Becky's patience 
and love make Gilbert see that 
he needs to start living his life 
for himself and not for others. 

What 's Eating Gilbert 
Grape? takes some predictable 
turns in the end, but Depp, 
Lew.is and DiCaprio develop a 
chemistry that makes the film 
worthwhile. 

STANLEY JCRDAN 

-

--
-" _.-
............. 

--

0 ___ 

.nc ..... y 
eeL':"'" 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

r.1EAl PIJPf-)f TS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
~..,:; OPEN gAM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY I IALUNDllntIM 

18miR RitnR\1S \ ~\nin 
EL CA"ON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEa. AREA 
.L CA.ION SPOIITS AII.1tA COlL.. .... • 
7tI FIeIcIIer P8lk .. ~ ICftto ,_ '0 ,_ ., ...... A-....... .... EI CIIjIII .... ActoN................ .01 ........ ........ .... ............... ,CI111224.3333 ..... "" .. ~ __ 
CIIII) 57 .. 701 NO RENTALS "... ........... 33I3~.l.t.l.,_.717I _ ... ......................... CI..,.7-I_ 

--············ .. ·············· .... CS'" -., ... 

The UCSD Gurdiaa 

Tritons Donllnate University of Rochester 
RAIN OR IHINE: UCSD overcomes elements to tally impressive 8-1 win over visitors from the East Coast 
By M ..... Moortby 
sr." Writer 

Having lost out to tbe rain on 
Sunday, the last thing the UCSD 
men's teMis team wanted was to be 
washed out again on Monday. 

Despite a rain delay, the 'c1ouds 
cleared long enough for tbe Tritons 
to unleash a storm of blistering win-
ners on visiting University of Roch-
ester (NY) en route to an 8-1 tri-
umph at the new Nortb Campus 
Courts. 

With his team rested after a three-
week break from competition, 
UCSD Head Coach Tim Ditzler 
could only expect the best from his 
players, and they delivered early 
and often. 

Senior Jobn Cross took care of 
business at the number-one spot with 
a 6-4, 6-2 victory. 

In the number-two position, se-
nior Vern Yamell came through in a 
big way, making Rochester's Ethan 
Morris look just plain bad in a 6-0, 
6-1 win. 

Roy Gessfofd had the toughest 

Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSO 
PurchiisP Ordl~rs 

Accepted 

7720 Fay Ave. 
459-7 

,. 

singles match of the day. Appar-
ently unaffected by an ankle he 
sprained earlier in the season, 
Gessford shook off a rain delay in 
tbe third set to win 6-1, 5-7, 6-2. 

"I won a long game and was able 
to get my rhythm back," Gessford 
said. 

Rob Ho and Dan Brounstein won 
in straight sets in the number-four 
and five spots, respectively, and Jeff 
Young scored an impressive double 
bagel in the number-six position, 6-
0,6-0. 

Cross and Yamell were not as 
successful in doubles play. Although 
they fought back from five match 
points in the ninth game of the third 
set, unforced errors prevented a 
comeback and Rochester picked up 
its only victory, 5-7, 6-4, 6-4. 

Gessford and Young combined 
for some spectacular play in the 
number-two doubles spot, coming 
away with the win, 6-4, 7-5. 

Rochester's Ken Prather and 
Ethan Morris threatened to break 
during the 11th game of the second 

SenIor V .... Varnell cepturecla 1-0, ~1 Ylctory ... llnst Roc: .... It.r. 
set, but Gessford made the play of "I guess we were lucky," Shah 
the day, stabbing a sure passing said, referring to their 6-0, 6-0 shel-
shot from point-blanltrange and lob- lacking of the number-three doubles 
bing it back across the net, setting team from Rochester. 
up an overhead shot. "For the most part, we played 

Braunstein and Anand Shah bad well," Ditzler said. "It was impor-
it mucb easier than their higher- tantfor us to send a statement [to the 
ranked teammates. teams] back east." 

, 

. , 

SPOR.TS 11 

Guardian 
Sports. 

We 
cover the 

World. 



. -

12 SPORTS ...... UCSD Guardiaa TImnda" IIareh 10,1996 

UCSD Shines at West Regionals 
... REIIIVE: Gabe Lawson qualifies for Nationals 

St." Wrtter 
The UCSD fencing team trav-

elled north to USC last weekend to 
compete in the NCAA Fencing 

Western 
Regionals and 
once again 
made its pres-
ence felt. 

The compe-
tition brought 
together some 
of the most im-
pressive fenc-
ing squads from 
west of the 

Rocky Mountains, and the San Di-
ego-based Triton men and women 
held their own. 

Gabe Lawson continued his phe-
nomenal season, finishing second 
in the men's foil event. In doing so, 
he qualified for NCAA Nationals, 
which will be held March 18-22 in 
Boston, MA. 

S ..... r Japanese Study 
IDIeMive ~ JIIOInIII It UwiI .t 
a.t c.ou.,. ill PoI1IIDd, OR July 18-
Aua 28. I!Int 12 quuter bn. Study 
1aJ. (1II .... ).t cui .. willi J .... 
_ ........... ·Nature ..... 
Elwin.WIIL" nr.-dIy ~ 
JIIOPUI illc:l1IIIecI. Prior 1111 .... 

. IIudy lfm ........ 
0npWJ..-s-er......--
m sw Ca ...... SIIiIc 1750 
PortJ-s, OR 97201 
'No (503).22).7938 Fa (503) 22)." 

*drId 
eoat. RIca 
London 

ca. .......... 
lawson bas posted a47-10 record 

to date, including the very respect-
able .500 muk that he garnered 
against several powerful East Coast 
squads during a road trip to that 
region earlier this season. 

On the women's side, Yumi 
Nishiyama placed fifth in the re-
gional event for the foil and earned 
herself at least a shot at a wild-card 
bid. Her NCAA fate will be deter-
mined this Saturday. 

t..t Week'. Auwen: 
• 1. What journeyman ceillei' re-
cently aiped with the Lcs Angeles 
Laten? 

Dnay.y. 
• 1. What Los Angeles Dodgen 
pitcher is trying to become the fint 
Korean ever to play Major League 
Baseball? 

ParkCbaa 80 
• 3. Who is tbe aU-time passing-
yardage leader in Super Bowl his-
tory? 

Joe Moatau 
• 4. What rough-and.tumble 
defeoseman was recently traded back 
to the Los Angeles Kings? 

Marty McSorley 
• 5. Which college basketball team 
recently handed the University of 
Indiana its worst loss in over 60 

yean? 
U .. yenltyofMl...... TbII Week'. WIDen: 

.6. Where were the 1906 Summer • Gruel Prize 
Olympics beld? David Humber, Sr., BioJoay 

AllIe .. Greece 
• 7. What boxer held the heavy-
weight championship from 1970-
73? 

JoeFruier 
• 8. What player leads the NBA in 
triple-doubles so far this season? 

David RobiDlOD 
• 9. What player won the NHL's 
Calder Trophy for Rookie of the 
Year in 1991? 

Ed Belfour 
• 10. What UCSD women's bas-
ketball 'player recently became the 
all-time leading scorer in Triton his-
lOry? 

UuBeaver 

• Rauen-Up 
Mitchell Bhoopal, Jr., Biology 
Paul Berrin, Sr., History 
James Bouwer, Sr., Physics 
Chris Cot6, Sr., History 
Jennifer Doherty, Sr., Worn. Stu. 
Jeremy Howard, Sr., Psychology 
Brett Hunter, Sr., Visual Arts 
Eddy Kyung, So., Biology 
Chris Martin, Sr., Biology 
Jeffrey Moseley, Sr., Biochem. 
Joe Mozingo, Sr., Biology 
Jonathan Perkins, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Rorik Peterson, Sr., Chern. Eng. 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 
Doug White, Sr., Biology 

T-wo eSsential 

• ~.a.A. INI. 199. 

ingredients 
for a perfect 

date: 

..... 

~~==~~l!~M.~nm~l~O~!I~~~ __________________________ Th __ e_U_C_S_D_G __ ua~ro~~i.~D ________________________________________ ~13 . 

Call 535 .. 1433 for info 
or visit 711 Univenily CenIer, 2nd 1Ioor, 

(abcw. 0uIback Adwniures, behind !he new Visual ArtS Building, 
near Fifth College) 10 GI out an appIicXJtionl 

..,. ~")IOU IxIyIllIlrady _d .. leMl' iMlt 1£ 475dh 

.. 1fpIt., ..... ·O orLw'lk":" nalltl$lOO IDII-ill'l'.blle 
raom Apple." '11116 I hundred budIs DIJIr CIt I .... wIIh lilt 040 
pIIbt ......... ..,MDabI£475I1.W' I' D~periJr-

Finals Week 
Brain Food 

Doing some late night cramming? Fear not. Domino's piz:za® will 
give your brain a break as well as provide nutritious energy. 
We're just down the road, ready to deliver made-to-order pizzas 
and subs to your private study hall. In fact, start studying the 
coupons below for ideas and give us a call! 

CALL US! 
452-UCSD 
3%11 Holiuy Court 

Hours: 
11 am-t am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &t Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

. 2 MEDIUM 2 LARGE 
2-ToPPING PIzzAS: 1·ToPPING PIZZAS 
FOR ONLY $1299 I &A~~ $1699 

I JUST AsK SP£CIAL pl ... 1u I DIETCOKEIIIR)lONLY ,o.1u 
I CALL US! 0., I CALL US! 0.' II 

. I 452-UCSD • . I ~ __ ...... __ . 
~ ...,--. ~"'"" -. 

-------- ----------

~_,_ .. __ _..Our-- _GIl 
,.. ....... 11IIIIIIII 

.... - , 

' . 



• ' I 

./. .. 

, 

14 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\4_' \c 1 \11'.\1'" 
ATTIIITION 'FlI ... DSIIt'.1ICIt 100 !Me to 
IIgn up far 1M lINt MCAT prep. (CIMa 
"""3111. CallKULANfor_Info.ln· 
1744. (2/24·31101 

MAMMOTH LAKES LOOOINOuptol2 peopIa. 
'1 7 .... ..-1nc1uc1M1dIcIwI. 544-11083. 
(3(7-4121, 

"II ThenI HMI Evidenoa FO( ~1"'1eI 
~T COI ...... a .. Hoell OeIc-.ID 
Mlld!2e. 27. Fot _1nIomIIIIon c.l417· 
1112'-'7. (31101 

R.wi1htheW ..... kIClub .. Lak.PoweII. 
1325 lncIudft boata. m .. l. + loIa·o-lun. 31 
11·3121. Info call Bobby 273-4064. (31101 

Wantad: UCSD Band. for R .... II. Colleg.·. 
BA TILE OF THE BANDS on Salurd.v. AprIl 
Ith. WIn c .. hlll FO( .ppllcatlon information. 
call $34-3413. Deadlln. 10 apply • Frld.v. 
Muell 11th. (31101 

G., mora ... for your book •• t R • .,. .. 
Batgaln Booka. Open Fln.'. Week. 1 :00-
5 :00. (3110, 

E\IPLO' 'IE\T 
ATTENTION: STVOENT WORI<S PAINTING 
I. now hiring br.nch op.r.,ora for the 
.ummer of '14. E.m up 10 ,15.000 and g .. 
the bu.,"" •• xperlenc. of • III.tlme. C.,I 
1 -'00-155· 7557. Po.lllon. IIlIlng f." 
throughout Callfoml.. (1 II 0-311 0) 

---------------------~ 
S.... I.kallilg; full 01 perl time. Spor\I 8IId 
nudIan reWed. ExcaIIent ...q poIentiII. 
Cal .... "453-e02Itor eddItIoneIlnIormIiIIon. 
(1/10-3/10' 

ATTENTION : for"gn .tud.nt. from 
Auatr .... CanAda. Hong Kong. J.pan • • nd 
N.w Z .. Iand . Exc.lI.nt bu.'n ... 
opportunity In your oounlry. For Information 
caJt 4&3-80211. AU for Mlk • . (tIIO-3IIO' 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Neaded youth camp 
counHlo... .klboat drl.,.... ..lIlng and 
.urftng I"'tructora. HI,lng now. apply In 
pelIOn .. Minion Bay Sportcanter, 1010 
Santa Clara PIK •• 411·1004. (217-4/14, 

AA CN .... TIIIVII anopIoymant guide . lEarn 
big III + travel the wortd tr .. , (Caribbean. 
E..,. ...... 1. Allal) Hurryl 8uay .prlng! 
au ___ approaching. F,.. traval 
club memllaralllpi Call (III) 121·431' . 
(2117-4/111 

SPRING 
. BREAK 

VERY 
ECONOMICO! 
• Rooms from $49 plus tax. 

db!. occ. 510 per additional 
person (max. four per 
room) 

• Free welcome Margarita 
per person 

• Free Mexican combo 
dinner nightly 

• Free pitcher of Margaritas 
on third night of stay 

• Complete European 
Health Spa also available 

• Free Tennis, Pools & 
Jacuzzi . 

• Free nightly movies & 
entertainment 

• Just 45 minutes from 
downtown San Diego 

l.imited AVQi/llbili/lJ 
Valid March 18·April i 1994 
For reservations call 

4619) 498-8230 or toll-free: 
1-800-343-8582 &- .. 1.71 
ROSARITO BEACH 

HOTEL & SPA 
8eja 1Ie4I.~ .&.J-'" R...t 

/ 

The UCSD GaUdwa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-wmrJ increments. The rate per 15 Km'b is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.1hursday for Monday s 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for 1hursdays issue. The Guardian reserves' the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caJ/534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:C/assifieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, LAJolJa, C4 92093-0316. Actual address: Student C~ A, top floor. 

CFIUtSI IHIPI NOW HIRING • Earn up to 
S2.000+/mo. on en.. ShIpe or L..Id-Tour 
eomp."I ... Summer. F ... TIme "'IPk¥I.~ 
1IYIiIIIrIrIa. No up . .-.y. Fot Ho. cal 1· 
206-834-OoIeI .... C5878. (2/22-3/101 

IUMMIFI TlACHINO 'OSITIONI RNding 
.nrlchment programs far chlldran and adultll 
.pon.orad by unlv ... IU.. throughout 
Southern California. Full·tlm. t •• chlng. 
1450 to I5OO/WHk Summer teaching pay. 
medical banafIta. Flax·tlme p.1d .ralnlng. 
W.,m. .",rgalle graduate Itudant. and 
gr.du.tlng •• nlo .. only. Car required. 
PIa_ call (310,114-5587. (310;42'-1171. 
or (310)421-2370 . (2124-4/4' 

DAY CAMPI MNInsI COIIIjo' San Fernando 
Valaya. SImI, c-IIo .......... fun, 
e.rlng •• n".1 coun .. lor. • .pacl.1 
hiilll LIla. tor 1IIikn. gym. hor .. bad"lding. 
~."".~aonglMdlng. 
iOpeI oourw • mora. Now ............. '11 .,&-
es&-e2e3. (2J2~) 

Poatal Joll. Avallablal ... ~y po.ltlo",. 
Great benafltll. Call 1·~315. Ext. 
P·33I7. (2/21-4/1') 

Eun caeh alulllng .nvalopaa AI~. Sand 
SASE to P.O. Box 315. Olathe. KS 18051. 
(S13-4141 

SUmrMf camp Poellon: Roughing It D.V 
camp In 8F Bay _ Ie hiring lor aum"", 
1884. (1510, 213-3715. Sand R .. ume to 
P.O. Box 1281. 0rIndIi CA 14M3. (3/7·31 
to, 

COUNSELORS: CAMP WAYNE. bfothar/ 
.ter camp. N. E.PA. 1/23·1/21/14. Ha.,. 
the _I memorable ._ 01 your Ihl 
Coachaa.INdIara 8IId collage age RIdanIa 
iIHdad to t.ach AI apeclalty _. lola 01 
olher Joba .v.lI.bl.. ON CA .. PUS 
INTERVIEWS. ThuradaV. AprIl 14th from 
10-4:3Op.m. Sign up Studtnt Ernploymant 
0ffIc. with Chrl. AI.x.nder. For mo,. 
InIormaIIon cal 1·100-75&-2217 01 51 IHI8-
3217 or writ. 12 Allevard SI .. lido Beach. 
NY. 11511 . (317-4/14' 

Need 3 ~"*Idadlrldlvldu-.""""'" 
In goMI oppootunIIy. PaMIma Inooma. Cal Joy 
(811) 578-8523. (3(7-3111) 

Friendly? OutgoIng? Traveling abroad_? 
Need .xt" .. ? Put your .. Ian.. to ua •. 
Simply dlatrlbut. GCRN broehu," to rec.ult 
young people you meat along the way. 1· 
800-210-427 • . (317·3110, 

Work In Europe tor the Unltad Nation • . For 
wt.Iled guide Mnd US .12.115 (rtlundlbla, 
10 EuroFIi. Pr ... , Box 711 -SOl, 
Wlne ...... r. MA 01lIII0. (311-3110, 

Help Wanted. Baby8lttlng. boy13. glrl/l1 , 
UnIYanlty City. oc:caaIonaI _Inllll and 
....... 1117-2802. (311~ 

En .. I'olO'.... • Health. RapIdly .xpandIng 
~ ....... tor ~ ".,. .. ~ 
8IId Rep,...,. .• you 11M people. IiNIIh + 
the anWOi".~ oontad RobbIe .. 125-8380. 
(311 0-30'311 
ENOINEERS: Abundant job opanlnlll 
MIIorMkll. Cal our24hr. hc6Ia31Q.311&.1157 
NIIIIanaI Job s-dI. (3I1~11 

The TOINY ....... Inn .......... I*HIma 
.. ClIMe. 12-:11 hDura ...... IIIIM!wrottI 
-"'III aIIIIIa. ~ III ....... 11410 NortI 
Tonwy PInaa Road. No CIlIa ....... (31101 
UCSD Stall ~ HIke __ to 
...... her In driving her two .Itmantary 
children from 0.1 M., 8chool to thai, 
.,..tIc:uIar IPO'*'I-.t. MInImum 0I411our1 
par ...... 15.001'II •. All driving wi! be 
within Del ... 8IId 80Mna BaKII. Call Angle 
X48874 Wf78&.3713 H. (3110) 

10'01: ~ \I.E 
For .. : T ...... Bad ($1101. TwIrl Futon (1100). 
.... ooIaa ..... ($401. 0.- 1'100). TV 
Stand ($151. limp ($10) ... Cal T,",4I5I-OI7O. 
(2122-31101 

EASY PAAKINOI Honda 25OlCL.S - NIl, .... 
... 3000 ................... I75O.Arman 

"21172.~0) 

NUDE' computer (clothat not 1ncIuded.1 
3I1DX· 25MHz. 210MB HD (n.w w/ 
warranty,. SoundBl_r. jOyttIck. SVGA 
monitor wi Orchid F ... nheit. 008 ' .2, 
WIncIOWI. 0812. Word. WotClPart.ct. tone 
01 V- .nd gllla. Fun .. per\lMl ... 
obo. Call 81a1ne 548-1 ..... (2/21-3110) 

Cr ... 40W amplifier. Two channale, rang. 
01 dIatortIon aounde, reverb. choroua. Good 
condition. powerful but compact --9OCId for 
dorm room! amall apac • . $200. Call Eric at 
143-1815. (2121-31101 

~tIcbt'""" San DIego to Oakland tor 
SprIng IIrMk. L.- SundIiy 3120 NIUmI 
SaIurday 3/V. Pun:hMad tor'l 01. but .. ... 
tor $70 ............ lhamolrmyh8llda ...... . 
455-1127. (3I3-3itOl 

HP·211S Byn b 111'f'8cItc .... CIIIcUIIor for .... . 
Eralllnlfar .. aa..-. ,.....Ind .... ..... 
"'.00. CalI22· tt47. C2/28-3131) 

SaIItd care, tnrcka, bollia. 4 wtIttItnr, 
~, by FBI. IRS, DEA. NIrIIoftwida 
auction IIIInga ...,...... _ . Cal 1-I00-43I-
43113 Ext. C-75et. ~ 

CATCH A JET! EunIpt • SlI48. New York • 
"211. Cal for pnIgfIIIII __ lpIIor~ AlRHrTCH 
CAl 1-t00-a7 · 1011. (313-41111 
FUTON I'AAME. F ................ .... 
concIIon. iIIUIII .... Cal 2114-4172. ~OI 

Benyo -.0. dual caaaen.. turntable 8IId 
• .,... .... '100 obo. Shel!yW-I73I. 4313-
31101 

Bony TrtnInn IV CDIor 1'1 ......... AImoII 
new. I2l1O olio. 54N511. (3I7-3i101 

BooOIIr '17 Honda Ella 10, ;21( ...... 1210. 
BIIoIIRF.aoo .............. ,00.a-cn 
7aH71' . (317-3i1 01 

0uIIIII:2~""'''''''''''''',PwIact 
---... m Ind $100. 1118-78a (317"",,) 

SoIoIIex alyle gym .... Induciae _1gIIt 
ba!IcII ... .,...... buttttfIy ............... 
and mora. Paid _I4OCI, -'"II !Ind will 
... tor "50 •. Cd AIhdo .. 517·"" 
after 4 :30p.m. (311·31101 

Car Cover for 84-17 T oyoIi CaIIca. ExoeIIant 
ahape. '" olio. CaIIJacqu." 534-1170. 
(3/7-3110) 

WCirId Cup S- TIoIItta: Round 1 US \II. 
ROIMNIA(3I$IOO;AIIo .......... ~17II. 
(317-4141 

For Salt: .. MallIa GLC. Good ~ 
S2OOO.00 olio. ..... 704. (3I7-3i101 

.. IIW c.bI\oIIIt c:twOOIII gray. 1l1OOO ., 

..... oordIon. 1151-4511. (3I7-3i101 

~ 
~WIAI'99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;:$129 

............. 

'GWIM~ 
. c.u..,._ 

• No ........ ...... 
II ..... ,... 

••• 

MIMIIg .... IYERVTtINQ ..... go: TV. 
............. ,uan. .. , ..... ...... 
- ........ CII7-wtat 
.... 01.,.,111" ......... Great condIIIoII, 
whIIa wlllllIIut 1nttfIar. auto. '"-~, 
window ... ..,.,., ....... AItI, rMllo.12OOO 
olio. 411-1411. Peul. (3I7-J1101 

FYI bad, oriiI • ya. Ind • 1/2 old. ........ 
--.-. boll ..... + ".... "- tor •. 
A ............. C3/lIOr'INI . ........ ~ 31 
aMM_ Cal MIIonIa ""'17. (3I7-3i101 

PACIFIC BEACH 0aIuu Condo • Share 
38R. IlIA. laundry. _rtty bldg .• parking 
131&. 273·2831. (317·3110, 

SLEEP IN MY BED! QuIlty. fUlluIon, "-
,110 obo. Or..e 0IIIICII0n 1.6 C»fI.IItdga 110. 
rwwldlclwllablt 110. MUST ... ~ MIld! 15. 
Cal EmIly 0453-37111. (3(7-3/10) 

Sun 30'10. 4MB RAM. MIcrapoIIa 15111 OrNe 
(3OO .. B Hard Drlv., 10MB C .... II.' • . 
.. o"oc:"'_ MonIor. Sun 4/110. 1MB RAM. 
MIaopoIa 15111 OrNe (300 MB I-Iard DrIw. 10 
Me c-I. Color MonIor. DIgItIzIng T ..... 

......Ind~ ....... OFFEAI5111-
OICIII. (311 G-3I2II) 

Sulfa Upl The ....... galling warmarl 3 
Surfboarda for aa'-lclul for novtc. or 
advwIotd ....... av. S·lo.". ffr. I ... \aka 
belli ctrar..~. (311004/141 

SIll· SO to BFO M. ~ AprtIll1':lOp.m. 
Raturn Apr114Ih 7:20am. Cal Lydia 413-t1558. 
(3110-3/31 ) 

""* FIDWCI~. 3 ftIIcI ..... 17II aadI or .. 
3 for 1200. lilian 5111-1 .... 13I1G-417} 

s.ar.o ..... clack. 100 _ ~. "10 
compIaIa; KIng lin 1ubI. pine frame "25. 
4M-62II1. (3I10-3J281 

EASTER BUNNY. Vary lama. CUI. Cage • 
auppIaa Incl. Caleaa-IMY. (31101 

SprIng ... round ......... tIcbt flam San 
DIego to 0aNand. ~ ~ (31111 
nIgIII 8IId ...... SunIIart (3127) nIgM. f72 or 
belli ollar. Cal .......... 1. (31101 

1'4-Tac ....................... .... 
T ............ ,ftWIW--. .... ..... 
5IIO+Q7. 13/1 01 

1101 ~I\L 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.uceo ... ... 
8UItnt DI8COUNTI. GIIII ....... .... 
ucao. , ..... '1~' 31ft '15C1.000+. Condoa to '-l''''' __ wing LA JaIl, UnIv. 
City. MIr ....... Del M., P.cIIIc Beh, 
CIahmont. NaadtolEU. _ .... 11 YEARS 
EXPERIINCE can dDt RI!.u. "-- JucIIh 
....... AaIiIIor. 11~1" (313-4114) 

'ACIAC lEACH o.u. Condo .... 38fI, 
211A.~. '-"'bIdg.. parIrIng". 273-
......... ,., "prlll III .... 13/101 

FREE 1'lr4' dHk.-.bly. If-'e to ahata 
wflit 2 farnaIta . ....... bacI/IIath. balcony. 
All .-fIIIIat + wMllar. dryer. fIrepIKa. 
UTC· .... _. WalktoV_. " .... montIt. 
caM JOIIt 135-127'. (2110-3110' 

Large, cINn raorn ..... I clad bIiIh ...... 
1II-..o. I3IO.,1 ••• 114uIl1.58 .. 2152. 

~OI 
Non-8moNng ...... ___ -*d *, 
2.5tMdh. 2·atory townIrouw. wId. pool, Ig 
bIIIcony.-.dplog,OAEAT,_,., .... .... 

. CMIPUINTC. SIngle br 13211 + 114 ...... . 
457-0131 . C2/22-3l101 

RDornrNII ....... IIg .... roam, CIIItfIAI8/ 
UTC 0101 • • laundry. 113 utlllt .... Ore.t 
r---.113IOobo. Cal Dan 122-0427. (21 
21-31101 

........ _III.--...8unny.apacIoua 
4 Iredr-.v 3 bIiIh hDo.a In ......... 10 
rnInuItt ID ....... LIIva ...... -. WID. 
...... rMlycocl--.al Cal 57&-0110. 
(2Ia-&I31) 

LM In INTEANATlONAL HOUSE ... yNIt 
LOCIiIM In '.p,., CIIIVOft; provldn 
'.11 ...... _ ........ will ,......... flam 
_40~. Mull baa Jr., Sr., ........ 
Itudent, or ..... char, by filii. to ~. 
'fplc 1'1 .......... .....,.,Ctnyanulllot. 
DUe MARCH 11 . au..tIona? Cal 534-1211 . 
(2I22-3fIOl 
FURNISHEOCONDO· Aaoanta Rd. 28OR .• 
I BA. Balcony. SI2I.OO. 811-2n-l1l15. (21 
21·313'1 

Aoo .. ,,'" WInIad: GnIiI3IIM!8A hDo.a In Wwla..morc. S rnn. toUCSO. AvaI. AprIl. 
_ .......... no. Cal Frn 27NIII. 
cwawraJ 
I.INIWMnY CITY .... "...... .... tor 
__ III ...... PaIo,pIIIno ...... TV. 
."."..,..,.. t2 ..... toUCSO. No ...... , 
.,.., or druga ....... Cal MaIk or AgNa 534-
23e1 or IM-33II ~). (2I2I-3f101 

Aocw ............. 1 ......... a _In Del 
.... 2 ........ to the ....... but lint, 8IId 
....., 7 ....... to UCSO. nIoa 1Iadlywd • 
...... "',. .................. pooI, ..... 
-. Own_ ................. wIIIl 
ollar .............. 414114. ~ 
Cel7DaI. CMS-rIOI 

. nlll~J ...... JOt 19M 
tM __ ...... t.aIOOlNl1S I."'''' 
......IIundry,10 ..... UCSO,11OG-t3IO 
+ 11S ............ 1112. (2I2t-4I7) 

Own _ "uml ...... 'un'umlallt4l). 
..... ,-. ..--,. Wanted ........ __ 
...................... U---..CIiIidO 

~ UCSO. ""-IIIaI: AacrMllonal ...... 
WIIIIw/dr,.. DIIIMaiIw'. TV. \ICA, FhpIaca. 
AvaIIaIiIa NOWIl42Mrailll I*a 1/1 ...... 
........... cIapaaII. ce.par IIwn Itwtng on 
..,.andnloarl457-3113O. (3Ilo-:!131, 

Aoor,."" --.ctl Own _ In Del Mao 
~ 10 """'*' to UCSO. Near baadI. 
Huge c:IDaaIa. Pool. IIInIry ...... Student 
praIwrrad. 1310.00 ... 1/3 utIIItiaI. A\/IIIabIe 
Marcllaoth. 7114-4117. (313-3110, 

Roommat. wantad. matr. bdm .• bath. wehr .• 
dryer. VNI .. 01 R.n.' •• ane • . 1372.50. C.II 
551·1732. (313·3/101 

LMontliabaach .. ngquart.rt ..... 1IngIa 
........ now In Oat Mar IIaach Condo. S3I5I 
mo. Saan234-21122 .... l202pgr. Thlnkbaadl. 
aun. pool • ...". courta. Share condo with two 
UCSO IiIudanta (malal. (313-3110, 

WlNDANSEA room lor Nnt. Saconda from . 
beach. BIg hoUIe. BIg ywd.l39O. CalI.-inga 
454-t112. (313-3110, 

Roommat.(., needed ASAPI Renaluance. 
Mu1ar bedroom with IaIge bath . pool. Jacuzzi. 
gym. laundry In apt.. MIF. $41 Oi l peraon. S2051 
2 people. 622·0661 . (3/3-311 0, 

SINGLE ROOM IN GREAT CONDOI By 
UTC. bu •••. Poel . parking . $350 + 1/3 
ulilltl.a. 457·5875. (3/7·3/1 0) 

Stop ~ .. ting rent mon.y . IIv. Ilk •• 
million.lre. Own Ihl. Dv •• board boat moored 
In beautiful marina naar UCSO. Thi. 28ft. 
mech.nicili ly .ound c.bln crui.er I. fun. 
comfort.ble and p •• ctlcal. Marina Include. 
.ecurlty. laundrv + parking. Be.' price only 
S3100 obo . (I ... than mo.t c.ral, C.II 
223·7657. (317 -3110) 

Room tor"nt St 75.00. F.m.l. to .har. cliff 
hou .. w/2g".t d.n .. 5guVa 273-5203. (31 
7-3110' 

CHAR .. ' IfULLY FURNISHED HOUSE. 
WINDANSEA BEACH I 3 bedroom •• 2 bAlh • . 
W.II.d p.tlo •• BBO. Tr ••• • oc •• n-vl.w 
d.ekl All .m.nIU... bu.lln.. ..v.n car 
parklngl Ouallty llfeatyl.? $1750.00/month. 
plua utlllll ... 451·1544. (311·3110) 

FemaIe.-- wanladfor ~~., 
bdrmwlll ... ·1n ~lJto .... or 1350 
1Or':'l!'!!QOiiL _Campu8JUTC. BrIght. cIMn. 
1aiIIIISY. IumWIad or unfumlahad room. Laur. 
453-8170. (3(7-31101 

M/F roomm.t. w.nted: 5345lmonth lor own 
room _cIOl. 10 campu. (".v blk./buarld.). 
cabl •• own b.throom. _herldryer. gre.t 
parking. no .mok ... pl ..... C.1I625-0818. 
(3I!-3110, 

, 

Singi. room lVailabl • . N ... UTCNon ...... 
$240.00 per month . For Info. call Elish. or 
S.m .. n •• t 453·5261 . (317-3/ 10, 

Must _ In UTC. Own RM/BA. $400 • 1/2 
utIItIaa (inc*ldac:lMrWiiii. AVIIII. now. 587-8185 
lor ......... (31101 

2 .oom. with .djolning b.throom in 3 
b.droom be.ch hou .. in 0.1 M.r . St.p' 10 
be.eh, w .. harldryar . hug. baeky.rd and 
cloa.ta. off-.t ... t parking. 1400 p.r room 
plu. 1300 d.poalt . utlllU .. Inelud.d . 
Avall.bI. 3/18. Jeff or I.n 251·1034. (3110) 

South Maaa Apt. CoaIgnar Wanted. Starting 
from 3112. Mala or Famaia Graduala or Mad. 
Student, only 13171month. nonamokar pIMaa . 
Call Kurt 458-1581 0( mlln@Idcc5 ....... your 
meaaaga. (3110) 

Own room. ahara bath. nau UTC. Von,. cIMn. 
quiet houaa. available now. S2401month. 453-
5261 . (3110.3128) 

Condo lor Nnt. Mlr ...... $730. 2BAI2BA 
upper fridge. W..narldryar. 54a-8528. (31101 

Aoonr tor Alnlill Our., ... ' .... ..... 
_ ... UTC .............. ....... 
MIl -. Nr ....... IiIIIIwt. IaunrIIy 
...... 0na ................. 1IIO.l-.a 
InduCIId. Hat .... poaI, ape, aIub ..... Nor.-w,'" ..... Femalaonly. _tor Lan 
8l0003I7. AwrI Ht1N. c:wt0) • 

PrIvaoy-__ • -"'-nattoUTC. 
four dIhrWiI ..... to 0080 .......... pool. 
epa, au .... ,*,-her. wuhMldttyar. M/ 
F \0 live wll ........ 1 fem .... Av ....... now 
·1I31 . l33OImonth+ 1/4 utlllt .... Cd Cathy 
AI 121-0443. (3110-3131' 

AOOMMATEWANTEOfor LaCimaApal1mant. 
Naarcampualnd UTC.1225ImonII. 114 uIItIaI. 
54&-0808. (3110) 

V_room ftOWlII ........ Uvalnco-ad hoI.a 
In beautiful Del Mar. SwImmIng pool. own 
bIIhroom. cIoN to baadI. achooI. not but .... 
Only S3OOIrnonth. Call now 7I3-I1I3I5. (3110, 

GREAT DEAL; Spacloua 2br. 2ba. partially 
1urnIahad ..... w,....,......laundryfadlltlal. 
2 pooII.1acuzzl. WeIght room + game room. 7 
rnInuIaa 10 campua. acroaa from UTC. Secur. 
vour .ummer living now. Nead r .. pon .. 

~IDIIy.CallJoaorS_857-1036.'785. 
(3111).3131, 

Mala Roommate Wlntad: Single bedroom. 1.5 
bath. w ..... r/dryer. no ciapoalt. S340imonth. 
Jack. 452-3710. (3/10) 

Clalremont hou ... 3 bedrooms. 2.5 baths. 
Canyon view. near ~_ & BalboI3092 E. 

Fo~ Runwav $1200/mo. 459-4865. (3110) 

For Rant: Charming ona bedroom fumlshed . 
Patio. gardan. cIoN to beach. Includes Ulil~i.s . 
Short or long '.rm. S700. Call Scoit 459-1769. 
(3ItO) 

PASSPORT PtCl\JRESI Only $5.115. Whlayou 
walt. Xerox .. and mora. Near St. GarmaIna. 
452·91411. (10125-e.'2) 

La JcIta Sarbar8hop. 0uaIIty BarIJarIng. Hain:uta 
SII.OO. 451-5712. (113-31101 

Lo .. fat without Dllllng .. . Ooctor aupe",is.d 
Tueall'y .v.nlng I.cture. or call 452-2682. 
(113-4/8' 

VroIirWloIa~. You or yourchlld(renl can 
IMmfrom an.xpertanoad. profaaaianaIlMchar. 
Now accapting 1Iudant1 - ..... and lavale 
waIcornal Call Conrad 466-0525. (1/11).3110) 

Word pt'ocaaalng 01 any kind . IIrgI 0( .maII. 
Quick "'um. prot.aional quality. Call Janet or 
c.oI. 2711-7382. (1,,1).3110, 

Word Proe ••• 'nGlTyplng : Acad.l"(1lc 
manulCrlpta. ".,.. u-a. booU. .a .... 
appIIcatlona. 1Ioa:utaIa/F ... MMoa. Mary Ann 
452-11431. (1/10-3/10) 

Word Proe.,,'ng . Di ... rt.,lon Work . 
Applic.tion. . R.ports. R .. u...... Editing. 
Tran.latIon . Other computer r .... adjoba. 459-
5909. (tI24·3/1 0, 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: Spacia/ty in 
EATING DISORDERS. 'ndlYlduai Ind group 
1harapy available. Call CIndy Ryan. 571 -1432. 
(1/27-414' 

Word Proc ... lngIAudlo Tran.crlption . 
ProIeuionaI. Paraonabla. Vary skIIad. Gradu8Ia 
• _ell & book publlcallon background. 
22HI030. (2122·3110) 

HAIRCUT. SHAMPOO. BLOW DAY • S10. 
Unicurl Salon: 1472 Gamet Ave .• P8 274-8885. 
Gram prioa-Oraal cutl (2/24-3110) 

YOUR PERSONAL WEIGHT LOSS COACH 
haIpI you "'" & change body iNIga. First 
rMaIIng fr ... 295-3238. (213-3110) 

BETH'S WORD PROCESSING SERVICE: 
DI ... rtltlon. . Th ••••• Pap ... (M.die.' . 
Engl"..,ing EJCper1l1e, ; R •• urnas; General 
Typing; 800 dpl IaMr printer. FA)( Modem; 
"aaonabII , .... ; 461-0130. (2J2S.3/10, 

'1'be UCSD G.anIiaD 

..... .......... QuIdanoa & dIradIon In 
__ • 11M. mor;ey. CalIIheItey. Rant·A· 
PayahIo 543-0334. (2121-3110) 

FEAR Olf FAT: Supportive Individual 
...,~tore8llngclllor-.. wlllDaInIra 
PItDt, Ph.D. (PSY12131i,.4Il«Z72. 1317-4/21) 

~? Gall your'" 1OgIIIiar, we .. 
do the .... 1 to 100 pouncII. The PadcagIng 
... 100-712·2218. (31101 

RESEARCHERwIII C81'. F .... wlthMEllUNE 
Ind MELVYLMM:Nng. 9akIrday8orSundaya. 
1Mv. l*ag;dne. CaI212-71 •. (3111).3/28) 

\\\1''1'1':1) 
Earn "00.00. Subject. w,"lad for •• tudV 
on alcohol ' •• ff.ct . II you ... a J.pan .... 
China ... or Kore.n. Amerlcan· born mal • • 
call Scrlpp' R .... reh In.tllut. for mora 
Information. 554· 7240. (113-3/101 

UCID .... ,0.1 C.nt" n .. d. h.althy 
\/OIun-. ... 18-50. for. 2 hour atudy about 
eye bIInIdng. " 0 pIua par1cIng will be provided. 
Call Dab 11543-2314. (1/31-3/10, 

HEADACHE .UFFERS WANTED. Hon.". 
caring doctor who h .. helped 100. of pain 
luff.r •. Non-inva.ive, con •• Natlve car • . 
S300 In •• rvic •• for p.rtlclpatlon. Call for 
delails: 5~8-3600 . (2/24 ·3110, 

Vocall.t .. keyboard ist n •• ded for •• rieus, 
prog .... 'v. rock band. Influene.a: RUl h , 
Yea . Or.am Theater . Call Shane. 657-9167. 
(2/28· 3/10, 

Ea.n cash or movie tickots for research 
participation I English-speaking college men 
needed for PhD study In psychology. Sessions 
take45minu1e1. Halpmefinl5hg.eduat .. chooll 
Call Carrie. evenings. 527·0776. (2/28-3/10) 

Th. N.urop.ychologV R •••• reh L.boratory 
It Children'. Ho.pltal nMds h •• llhV ehlldr.n 
ag. 6 .nd under to partlelp.t. In our 
d.v.'opm.ntal.tudi ••. Procedura. lnclud. 
FREE: brain Imaging . medlcal.x.mlnatlon. 
Iabor.tory telling. and p.ychologlc., tailing . 
Comp.n.allon .mount. to $100.00. Call 
576·4038 for d.t.II • . (317. 3/10) 

HERPES SUFFERERS SOUGHT for-a. 
projac:t to raduca rr.q.-.cy~. Free non-
medical trMment. 486-6850. (317-4/21' 

WantacI: UCSO land. for RavaIIa Cohge'. 
SA TTLE OF THE BANOS on Saturday. AprIl 
9th. WIn caahlll For appIicIIIIon 1ntormaIion. call 
534-3413. DeadlIne to apply - Friday. March 
19th. (31101 

NMdcun?Wyou_batMenI8-28yanoid. 
be a aubjact In a bahaviorll .xperimant about 
SI011 .5hr. CaIII;laph", 01' ChIiat~. 453-4100 
.... 583. (3(101 I' 

LOST .t\ I) FO l :\ I) 
FOUND: LadIeowatch In tIIoMuir parking lot on 
2/13. Call 622·1147 to ctaIm. (2/22-3110) 

Found: Calculolor. Sotia Hall. Fridav. 314. Call 
224-25311. (3/10, 

I PEHS()i\ .\LS 
URGENT! EARTHQUAKE COMING TO SAN 
DIEGO. PUT CRUCIFIXES ON ALL YOUR 
OOORSI OUR lADIES WORKER. ~ 

Spring love can lui Iongo when you ftnd • love 
twin. F,... Luv FeN 746-7403. (313-3127) 
Saturday NighI_ -Live- with SFS. Love. AM. 
(3110' 

Happy Binhday Amy Elfordl I 11M youl Hope 
you have • WOIIderfuI dayl (lIS) (3110, 

Hay VlNUTHA . HapPV Early birthd.V to lhe 
"molt outsIandlng' peraon I knowll Love always. 
Gund.rI .... aJtl. (3110, 

Exodus. IlIO'oIOIMI11 of the people. (3110) 

STUDY ABROAD 
(;l'rm(\ll\" • Ireland • Ital\" • J~lP;1Il • ~tl'xiro 

I ) i.\ l II I '('1 ti,,, \\'111 I d ... f) i .~ (1/ I l" YIIIII III I If Il ' : 
Courses in: 
• Business 
• Liberal Arts 
• Communication and Fine 
• Science and EngineerUtgt .' 
e Language and Cultural stilnes 
Application _"'_Y.lay~~~. 
Fall Semester 
Sprina Semester 
Summer Term 

For more information: 

General Information: 
• MCSB accredited 

Excursions to cultural sites. business and 
go emment offices 
I mships with German companies 

hOI~;t:lv or donnitory facilities 
available (or transfer on 

Contact Eva Vajda, Coordlnaror of International Programs 
Loyola Marymount University 
West 80th Street. Loa Anseles, CA 90045. 
Or, call (800) 638·1426, (310) 338-1973, FAX (310) 338-1706. LOIOLA MARYMOUNT UNIVlaSIYY 

CLASSIFIEDS IS 

I Medium Frozen I 
: Yogurt: -IS9C I 
: A.a. '1.10: 
I 
I 

Soil _ oroIf· Toppinga.... I 
Not \IIIIid .oth any od>or ... One per penon. 

E..pireo 3/24/94 I 

: Flurry I 
1$199 ....... ..! .. 
I ~ II roqund. Not _ wen any --. I I One per"....,.,. EJopnt 3/24/94 I 
r--------, FREE 
Topping 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Student 10 requred . Not .. 1Id wtt/1 any _ I 
oN"," """'tum or Iorge so~ """'" oriI. 

One per perooo. Elcpores 3/24/ 94 I 

--------., 

St. Patrick's 
Beer 

Specials 

110\ -~- . \01 ~~~~'6 
Killian's Ked ~.~. 

$/~ 99 ~;.~k ~~~ .' ~ G~ 
~, o· .Specia~S 

Spirits of Saint Germain 
3251 Holiday Cl • La Jolla (acrou rrom III Torilo, 

Sun-Thur: 6am-12mld·1'rt lie Sat: 6am· 2am 455.1414 

1994 
• Imwe.r 

DRESSES 
siom 
JEANS 
a ....... 

[!j 2 Facial Tanners 
3 months $39/mo. 
. $ 

2 months 49/mo. 
I month $59 

5TDS $29 
lOTOS $49 

I 10% I 
I
I OFF .1 _=1(1 I SI9/.'1 I 

1195 .... c.n.on.. I _ ..... 11 I 

:.cm~: ==~ : !~~! : 
I ==e.:'2I1: I ... ,.... ........... L _____ ...... -'!"------oIL ... ==::'~..J 

' . . 

-- I 



. , 

" 

( , , f f 1 " , 
16 SPORTS Thunda" March 10,1994 

THE UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
I Men's Lacrosse 

., 

They used to be an 
• afterthought - an easy 

win for other teams to 
pad the 01' record. 

But, the UCSD men 's 
lacrosse team, 4-0 in the Western 
Conference Lacrosse League 
(WCLL) and 6-1 on the season, will 
display the perennial "thanks-for-
coming-out" doonnats no longer. 

"There is a blatant lack of re-
spect for UCSD lacrosse," senior 
captain Mark Steele said. "UCSD 
used to be the 'gimmegame.' People 
would schedule us and expect an 
easy win. Now its like, 'Oh shit, we 
have to play them.' God, it's a great 
feeling to look at the guys on the 
other team after we beat them up." 

For San Diego, the emotions af-
ter Sunday's 15-13 come-from-be-
hind victory 
over the visit-
ing University 
of Arizona 
Wildcats 
could only be 
described as 
glorious. 

shots wouldn't fall," Steele said. 
"That just shows the heart of this 
team. We kept our heads and didn't 
go crazy . We were down 6-1 against 
SDSU and came back to win that 
one, so we knew what we had to 
do." 

. UCSD lit up in the third quarter 
offensively. Brent Hilsabeck and 
James Kappler did an outstanding 
job winning the face.,offs, and the 
San Diego goal-scoringjuggemaut 
exploded to cut the Arizona lead to 
9-6. 

"One second we made a strong 
play and we just kept feeding off 
that. Next thing you know we were 
coming back full-force," Steele said. 
"We were hustling for the ground 
balls. It was very obvious which 
team wanted it more." 

zona goalkeeper to knot the score at 
10. 

"It was an absolutely amazing 
goal," Steele said. "There was no 
way we could lose after that." 

UCSD finally broke the game 
open in the waning minutes of the 
contest and held on for the 15-13 
win. 

"At the heginning of the season 
we weren't even ranked in the top-
to. UCLA, Arizona and SDSU all 
were," Steele said. "We beat all of 
them. It feels pretty good to turn it 
around and face them." 

UCSD also hammered cross-
town rival USD, 16-8, on Friday. 

"They were no match for the 
powerhouse of Triton lacrosse. 
Their goalie was Swiss cheese, a 
sieve, a black hole. You name it and 

"UCSDla-
crosse has 
never beaten 
the 'Lax 
Cats,''' Steele 
said with ex-
citement. 
"Ever since 
my freshman 
year, our main 
goal was to 
beat Arizona. 
They have this 
bad-boy repu-
tation. They 
always talk so 
much trash. I Mldtlelde, Thaddeus Reynolds helped UCSD to • weekend .w .. p of USD end ArIzona. 
can't tell you 
what a rush it was to beat them." 

It took a late raid at the nets to do 
it. Although UCSD looked sharp 
both offensively and defensively in 
the first half, its shots couldn't seem 
to find the cage, while the Wildcats 
patiently capitalized on all of their 
opportunities. At the half, Arizona 
led,7-2. 

"We played with them, but our 

Ultimate Disc 

team ad-
vanced to the quarterfinals of the 
Stanford tournament last weekend 
before losi ng to the host and even-
tual champion Cardinal, 15-3. 

San Diego perfonned remark-
ably well in the tournament con-
sidering the fact that it had only 
nine players. There are seven play-
ers on the field at one time and 
most teams had about 20 players. 

"This was the toughest I've seen 
UCSDplay," captain Chris Weaver 
said. ''The endurance and desire 
the nine of us showed was above 
and beyond anything we've done 
so far this season." 

UCSD started pool play on Sat-
urday by defeating the Las Positas 
College B team 11-8 and Sacra-
mento State 11-7. 

San Diego then 1081 to UC Santa 
Barbara, the pool's top-seed, 12-8, 
and to UCSanta Cruz, which even-
tually lost to Stanford in the finals, 
10-8. 

With a full head of steam, UCSD 
dominated the final quarter action. 
On a man-up opportunity, Kappler 
fed attacker Andrew Robinson over 
the middle. 

Robinson made an amazing left-
handed catch just before crossing 
the crease, and in the blink of an 
eye, rifled a speeding side-cage bul-
let past the seemingly helpless Ari-

Ice Hockey 

he was it," Steele said. 
Currently, UCSD remains the 

only undefeated team in the WCLL 
but faces its toughest league chal-
lenge to date against the Whittier 
Poets on Saturday. 

"If is ours to give it up or keep it 
going," Steele said. "We have to 
take another step up for Whittier." 

-By Brien K. Hutto 

The bad news was a good team effort." 
is that the UCSD UCSD fell behind early on, with 
ice hockey team, 
mired in a losing 
streak because of 
injuries and mon-

etary problems, lost its final regu-
lar-season game to cross-town ri-

• 

the Aztecs netting two quick goals 
in the first five minutes of the 
game. 

But instead of conceding de-
feat, the Tritons scratched and 
scraped their way to a 2-1 game on 

a goal by Jason 
Barglow midway 
through the third 
period. 

"They were all 
over us in the begin-
ning," Schwartz 
said. "But in the 
third period, the 
puck was in their half 
of the ice." 

The ovennatched 
UCID ... to Sen DIeIo IbIte, 2-1. Tritons refused to 
val San Diego State University, 2- play it safe, even pulling goal-
I. keeper Paul McCrae toward the 

The good news is that the Tri- end of the third period to add more 
ton skaters, now with an overall offensive power to the Triton It-
record of 1-7-3, still have an out- tack. 
side shot at the pllYot'fL Before exiting. McCrIe put iD 

"We've had I rocky ICIIOII: his best effort of the season, col-
<:aptainSteveScbwartzuid. "'The lectina approximately 30 llvea. 
[San Diego) State game. tboa.... -IIJ T ..... LIIdd 

Rugby 

For the UCSD 
rugby team, wio-
ning ugly beats 
looking pretty and 
losiog any day. 

Despite a lackluster effort 
against a lesser opponent, the Tri-
tons came out on top, defeating the 
visiting USC Trojans 24-15, and ' 
keeping themselves alive in the 
playoff hunt. 

Bruised and battered, 
San Diego now posts a 3-
2 record with matches 
against division leaders 
University of San Diego 
and UC Irvine looming 
ahead. The Tritons need 
victories in both contests 
to earn a spot in the post 
season. 

UCSD started out 
sluggishly against USC, 
jumping to an early lead 
on a nice run by Devon 
Shea, but allowing the 
Trojans to come right 
back and score a try of 
their own. 

The Tritons held only 
a to-7 edge at half-time 
against one of the weaker 

ond-half points on their way to vic-
tory. 

Although the team played better 
after the break, neither coaches nor 
players walked away completely 
satisfied with the ' squad's efforts 
against USC. 

"It was great to win, but we left 
with a bad taste in our mouths," 
Shea said. 

teams in the league. UCSD took It to the USC Trelj ... 
San Di~go's anemic the w .. kend, allyl",. 2 .... 11 victory. 

first half dId not go over 
well with UCSD Head Coach Erik 
Takeuchi, and he did not hesitate 
to let the team know how he felt 
about it. 

The Tritons responded by com-
ing out in the second half and play-
ing with a much more inspired 
effort. 

Veteran Ethram Brammer and 
rookie Troy Meyers both played 
well and Andy Lin added a try, 
helping the Tritons roll up 14 sec-

Cycling 

The UCSD cy-

• 

cling team proved 
it can hang with the 
toughest teams in 
its division last 
weekend, giving 

the best teams from Northern Cali-
fornia a run for their money at the 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Invita-
tional. 

The first event UCSD tackled 
on Saturday was the team time trial. 
The rnen'sAgroup ofJan Bettinger, 
Glenn Sanders, Dave Edwards and 
Adam Livingston finished the 6.6-
mile course in third place. 

The men's B team finished 
fourth, while the UCSD women's 
squad also crossed the line in fourth 
place. 

The next hurdle for UCSD to 
leap was the Pozo Springs Road 
Race. In the men's A competition, 

The Tritons were dealt a tough 
blow in Saturday's matcb when Ben 
Spike suffered a broken ankle after 
being taclt/ed by a player from USC. 

This is just one more in a series 
of injuries whicb have hampered 
San Diego aU season long. 

Ben Spike will also join veteran 
Chris Wacker, who is out for the 
remainder of the season with a bro-
ken ankle. 

--IIy J......., .,...med 

which was a 90-mile · race, 
Livingston placed ninth, while 
Bettinger ended up 16th. 

In men's B action (60 miles), 
UCSD's Tim Knudsen garnered a 
14-place finisb, and in the men's D 
race (30 miles), Mark Patterson 
finished third and Chad Roemer 
placed seventh. 

In Sunday's Campus Criterium 
portion of the competition UCSD 
also (aired well. Bettinger finished 
in fourth place, with Livingston 
grabbing seventh place in the men's 
A race. 

In the men's B event, Erik 
Stauber tallied a sixth-place show-
ing, with Henry Otang right on his 
heels at seventh. 

In women's A, Karina Francis 
finished fifth and Rachel Tobin ca~ 
tured seventh place. 

-By Aron Miller 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
C7G1anc: 

Sat., March 26, at UC Irvine 
....'.Lao' .... : . . 

Sat., March 12, vs. Whittier College at Warren Aelds, 1 p.m. 
Thurs., March 24, VI. Colorado at Warren Aelds, 3 p.m. 
Wed., March 30, vs. Humbolt at Warren Aelds, 1 p.m. 

W .... '.u ..... 
Sat., March 12, VI. UCLA at Warren A.Ida, noon 

Sun., March 13 VI. Whittier Collete at Warren Aelds, 1 p.m. 
.... ,: 

Sat., March 12, VI. USD at Canyonvlew FIelds, 1 p.m. 
••••• Sat.-Sun., March 12-13, South five and SIx 

....... 
Sat.-5un., MM:h 19-20, Sixth Rece Weekend at Mammoth 

, 

Thunda" March 10, 19M 

THE· UCSD CLUB 
SPORTS ROUND-UP 

Equestrian 

It's like hit-
tinga horne run 
in the last at-
bat of your ca-
reer. It's like 
throwing a 

touchdown pass to win the final 
game of the season. It's what the 
UCSD equestrian team did last 
weekend. 

In the final show of a remark-
able year, the Triton riders went 
out in style, taking first place over-
all in the English division at the 
USC Intercollegiate Horse Show. 

It was the second show in a row 
in which UCSD took the blue first-
place ribbon, and the fourth con-
secutive show in which it captured 
one of the top-two spots overall. 
. "We had an exceptional sea-

son," team member Shannon 

Surfing 

Gaffaney said. "It was incredible 
to win our last two shows." 

First-place champions in-
cluded Michele Avila in the nov-
ice flat class, Meredith Karasch 
in advanced walk-trot-canter and 
Katherine Brovont in the walk-
trot class. 

Strong efforts contributing to 
the team's success were also put 
forth by Gaffaney and co-presi-
dent Laura Dicterow, who scored 
second and third in intermediate 
fences, respectively. 

In novice fences, co-president 
Niki McAllister took fourth place, 
while in the intermediate flat 
class, Charlotte Lade and 
Gaffaney garnered third- and 
fourth-place awards, respec-
tively. 

-By Tedd Lecld 

Andy Orsini .. the UCSD au"'" petformed well over weekend. 
The UCSD semifinals on Saturday. 

surfing team Paul Kaplan took first place in 
competed in its the bodyboarding competition. 
third conference Kaplan is currently ranked as the 
to urn a men t number-one bodyboarder in the 

against the likes of San Diego league. 
State, UCSantaBarbaraandother Not to be outdone, Tara Larkin 
schools from the Southwest Con- of the women's surfing team is 
ference of the National Scholas- also ranked first in the confer-
tic Surfing Association in ence. After turning in a stellar 
Carlsbad last weekend. performance on Saturday, she was 

Stormy weather and two- to able to capture first place in her 
three-foot waves didn't keep event. · 
UCSD from continuing its win- The team is hoping to continue 
ning ways. its string of excellent perfor-

So far the UCSD surfers bave mances in its quest for back-to-
gone three for three, taking first back national titles. 
in all their competitions and vir- "The team is really solid this 
tually guaranteeing themselves year, and everyone's picked up 
the conference title. their performances and are doing 

Otarles Golden led the team really well," said surfing club 
in the men's surfing competition, president ,Mark Weber. "If people 
taking fourth place overall, and keep surfing the way they are, we 
Otad Butler, who has improved could win it all." 
over the season, made it to the --IIy Travie Bone 

NCAA: Tritons 
take on Nationals 
ContInued from ..... 11 
to be strong contenders for second." 

The men are hoping to break 
Kenyon 'sslring of 14-atraiabtcbam-
pionsbips, wbicb extend back to 
1980. 

The key will be _Dior Travia 
Miller, who laatyearbrob the men's 
nationa1 recorda In the lOO-yard 1M 
and the 200-yard becbIroke. He 
also pmered a national title In the 
lOD-yard batterfly, jUll miMin& an-
other national record. He Ioob 10 

defend his titles in all three events. 
UCSD is also counting on senior 

John F10wen to come up big in his 
best events, the ~yard free, 100-
yard free and l00-yard fly. He wu 
an All-American in eacb last year. 

The wildcard for the Tritons, 
however, could tum out to be 
t.c:btroker Andrew Hollywood. 

-Hollywood was an AIl-Ameri-
can iD the 1OD- and 2OO-beck, and 
we're Iookina for bim to do I lot this 
year, elplCially OD rela,.." UCSD 
AIIiIIIIlt eo.cIllUc:h DuUellIlid. 

DuieII dIiDb the IIIOIt impor-
.......... tor die Tritoll _n will 

W_ Lacrosse 

., 

Tbe UCSD women's 
• lacrosse team (3-0) got 

a taste of the toughest 
its division had to offer 

on Sunday and came out on top. 
Occidental paid a visit to San Di-
ego and the Tritons rose to the 
occasion, pounding the Tigers by a 
score of 12-6. 

The first half was a low-scoring, 
neck-and-neck affair with neither 
team able to establish more than a 
two-goal lead. Going into the break, 
UCSD held a slim, 4-3 advantage. 

"I was disappointed in the first 
half," UCSD Head Coach Diane 
Whipple said. "We weren't con-
centrating on the basics. That level 
of play was not like us at all ." 

In the second half, Occidental 
came out strong, tying the score at 
five before the Tritons ran off five 
straight to establish a commanding 
to-5Iead. 

The UCSD defense was stern, 
while the offense was balanced. 
Jeannie Chufo led the Tritons with 
three goals and was backed up by 
four other players who tallied two 
goals apiece, including freshman 
Sian Beilock and team captain l.oc 
Nguyen. The other two goal con-
tributors were Jessica Cogan and 
Nancy Elaine Vesper. 

Skiing 

-&yDen Kmt 

The UCSD ski 
team split its multi-
talented squad last 
Saturday to tackle 
the Mammoth 

Mountain Dual Slalom and the 
Powerbar Collegiate Mogul Tour 
in Utah. 

Freshman Stephan Mueller once 
again led the UCSD men's slalom 
contingent, while Soraya Haeri and 
Charlee McCoullough paced the 
women's squad. 

In the slalom fonnat, qualifying 
skiers race in p~irs in a tournament-
style competition, with the winner 
advancing onward. 

For Mueller, this added up to a 
total of 12 nces in a four-hour 
period, but his first-place outing 
made it all worth the effort. 

In the women's races, Hacri 
brought home first place for San 
Diego while her teammate Charlee 
McCoullough followed in second. 

On the Mogul Tour, UCSD's 
George Faas tore up the course for 
the win, and teammate Scott Brant 
finished fourtb. 

--IIy T,.vIs Bone 

be the breaststroke events, in which 
five UCSD swimmers will compete. 

"We have a lot of 1oo-yard and 
200-yard breaststrokers, and for us, 
they will make the meet," Daniels 
said. "If they come through, we have 
a chance of winning. " 

Erik Pederson, who finished sec-
ond in the 200-yard breut at the 
conference finals, leads the strong 
...,..,. Jeff Kudo, OuisJaprd. Ryan 
OIapman and Peter Shim have a 
c:bance to score in both events. 

Adam Burpaer andJOIb Curtisa 
bope to leave their marks OD the 
diviJt& boards. 

SPORTS 17 

~~~ Kound Table P'11Z8 
TfAM OF lHE WEll 

WIIItIP krllllllli GIl_ II t CII 11,1 •• -A great 
team needs chemistry. They hove to ploy together for years 
and know each others game inside and out. The longer they 
are together the belter they get, right? Don't tell that to these 
guys. They hod never even met before they got to the first tee 
at Steele Canyon Golf Club. They used 300 yard drives on 
consecutive par fives to eagle 'em both and move to 7-under on 
the bock nine and never looked bock. The Winter Scramble 
never hod 0 chance as these guys blew away the field to win 
the tournament with record score of 64. 

Mail 
Order 
Books 

...... UCSO 
. ~ iKreotion 

SCIENCE & ENGINEERING TEXT AND REFERENCE 
ADVANCED AND UNDERGRAD AND GRADUATE LEVEL 

For limited time we offer 
20% OFF list price on CIders of 3 or more books 
15% OFF list price on 1 or 2 books* 

Offer ends April 30. 1994 
Immediate shipment for in· stock titles. Visa and Master Card accepted 

Call us now: 
TOLL FREE 1-800-621-1220 

FAX (212)675-4230 
NY STATE (212) 206-1310 

Hours: 10 am-6 pm EST Mon.-Sat., 11 am-5 pm EST Sunday 
.... YIlfII SllllIIM ......... 

COLORED LENSES $139* BROWN EYES TO BLUE WJ D2-0PAQUES COMPLETE willi SID manufacturer's rebate DII.,,,, ElttldldW .. SeIIII-Dlsposabl8$ 
Clllpiit. Callpllt. c.plete $89* $109* $169*,a 

-Includes: Complete Eye Exam • Fitting· Follow-up Care 
• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only • Other Major Brands In Stock 

We take the time to listen and explain. 
Dr. lick 16780 MI 1 SELBY, 0.0. 2m111_":=~:Jr.' 578·6796 
S69 E T · LOWEST xlra hln Eyeglass Lenses! ;'(:~;"n 

--



" 18SPORTS The UCSD Gaardiaa Tiuanday,lIareh 10,'19M 

.: r 

, .. 

ARON 

MILLER 
Home Court 
Advantage? Losses Starting to Pile up for UCSD 

uc Santa Barbara has The 
Thunderdome. The University 
of New Mexico has The Pit. 
UCSD? We have the Arena 0' 
Apathy. 

SETBACKS: Tritons' play continues to improve, but challenging Division I schedule still tough to overcome 

There was no truer testi-
mony to this than last 
Saturday's basketball playoff 
loss to Cal Lutheran at the 
Main Gym. 

As a Division III school, 
UCSD isn't exactly famous for 
its athletic program. We don't 
offer scholarships, we rarely 
recruit the best high school 
athletes and all in all, sports are 
far from a major priority here. 

However, that d~sn't mean 
that there isn't plenty of quality 
competition to watch on 
campus, like the aforemen-
tioned basketball game. If you 
missed it, you're sad. If you 
were there, you 're even more 
pitiful. 

I was embarrassed to admit 
that I go to school at UCSD 
after being openly ridiculed by 
maybe 150 boisterous Cal 
Lutheran fans chanting things 
like "this is our gym" and 
"maybe next year." What a 
disgrace, especially consider-
ing the fact that they were out-
cheering over 1,000 UCSD 
backers. 

I'll give this much to Triton 
fans. At least they got off their 
butts to come and root for their 
school. The Main Gym was 
actually packed! Imagine that, 
a sold-out sporting event at 
UCSD. 

By Den Kreft 
Staff Writer 

When the UCSD men's volley-
ball team (2-14) looked at its sched-
ule and saw two top-20 teams on 

back-to-back 
nigbts, it 
couldn't have 
been happy 
about it. 

The Tritons 
.... _""'--'--1"'11 came up short 

in their 
mat'cbes 
against Ball 
State and San 
Diego State as 
expected, but 

achieved some unexpected suc-
cesses against the two Division I 
powers. 

The Cardinals of Ball State in-
vaded the Maid Gym on Wednes-
day night and subdued the feisty 
Tritons in four games, 16-14, 15-12, 
10-15, 15-3. 

Initially, game one was all 
UCSD. The Tritons soared to an 
early 8-1 lead and then came crash-
ing back to earth. 

The Cardinals tallied eight of the 
next nine points to tie tbe game at 
nine before UCSD regained its com-
posure and made a game of it. 

After establishing a brief 14-12 
lead, the Tritons watched Ball State 
grab the last four points of the game. 

In game two, the pattern was 
reversed as UCSD stormed back 
from a 9-3 deficit to within two 
points at 14-12. 

The Cardinals rose to the chal-
lenge, quelling the Triton uprising 
to take a commanding two-games-
to-none lead in the match. 

The narrow defeats in the first 
two games were frustrating for 
UCSD. 

"Games one and two were ours 
to win," UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik said. "We just didn't play 
the late points as well as we needed 
to." 

The Tritons came out firing in 
the third game, building a 10-1 mar-
gin. The Cardinals made a run, put-
ting a S,C8fe into the UCSD squad. 
They scrambled back to within four 
points, 14-10, before the Tritons put 
the game away. 

Senior Lamson Lamm led the 
way for UCSD, smashing home 17 
kills on the match. Junior Tyson 
Kerr tallied 14 kills and five solo 
blocks. 

"These past two nights have been 
our best hitting matches of the sea-
son," Dannevik said. "It certainly 
helps to get some of our strong play-
ers back in the lineup." 

Unfortunately, UCSD ran out of 
gas in game four as Ball State ran 
away with the game and the match. 

The contest was a tough one for 
the Tritons, coming off their bard-
fought, three-set loss to the Aztecs 
on Tuesday night. 

San Diego State tallied the vic-
tory over UCSD, 15-10, 15-9, 15-8. 
That score does not do the Triton 
e'ffort justice, however. UCSD 
battled hard against the Aztec start-

---,....., 
sn.o ...... (left) .... 1}Mn Kerr....,...asu _IDIU ....... 
ers in all Ibm sets. "All in ail, I'm really pleased 

LammonceagainledUCSDwith with our combined effort [against 
16 kills, while senior Steve Kremser SDSU and Ball State] and our en-
and Kerr put away 14 and 13 bails, thusiasm," Dannevik said. "We're 
respectively. making buge strides this season." But instead of inspiring the 

Triton players with deafening 
noise throughout the entire 
game, UCSD fans sat on their 
hands and waited for the team 
to inspire them. 

Triton Aquatics Looking Ahead to Nationals 
Then, after the Kingsmen 

established a comfortable lead, 
the Triton faithful let some 
punky Cal Lu mascot dressed 
up in a knight-like outfit dance 
all over the gym floor during 
timeouts, mocking UCSD's 
pep band. 

DIVISION III RNALS: UCSD prepares for championships in Williamstown after seven months of training 

How did UCSD answ~r Cal 
Lu's taunting? With a bunch of 
unoriginal, unathletic, unbe-
lievably bad cheerleaders who 
gave me flashbacks of junior 
high. 

It's no wonder that UCSD 
rarely, if ever, hosts a basket-
ball playoff game. It's like 
playing. at a neutral site. After 
ail, there's no such thing as 
home-oourt advantage on this 
campus. 

By Dan Sw .. ney 
Staff Writer 

After seven months of intense 
training and competition, it's do-or-
die time for the UCSD swimming 
and diving team. 

The NCAA Division III Cham-
pionshipsin Williamstown, MAstart 
today for the women, while the men 
hit the water during finals week. 

The men and women have a dif-
ficult task ahead of them, as they 
attempt to dethrone Kenyon Col-
lege, the perennial swimming pow-
erhouse. 

On the women's side, Head 
Coach Doug Boyd is neither ex-
pecting miracles nor counting his 
team out. He predicts at least a sec-

THE WEEK AHEAD 
••• INIII: 

Today vs. Concordia University at Triton Reid, 2 p.m. 
Fri., March 11, at University of La Verne, 2:30 p.m . 

....... -
Today-Sat., March 10-12 at NCAA Division III Championships In 

WIlliamstown, MA (women) 
Thur.-Sat .• March 17-19 at NCAA Division III Championships In 

Williamstown, MA (men) 
.... ·.T ..... 

Fri •• March 11. vs. Unlv. of the South at North Courts, 2 p.m • 
.... v ••• ,.. l1li: 

fri •• Merch 11. vs. • Main 

ond-place finish. 
"We've been second six years in 

a row, and we don't want to lose 
that," Boyd said. 

For the women to 
be successful, the 
diving squad must 
come through. Last 
year, three Triton 
divers finished in the 
top eight, and all three 
are back this year. 

Jill Jackson, the 
returning national 
champion on the 
Ibm-meter and the runner-
up on the one-meter, is the favorite 
in both events. Sheri TakeudU, KrisIi 
Young and Julie GoIdltein round 

out the diving squad. 
Carrie Parker should pace the 

women swimmers. Parker has her 
sights set on the 100- and 200-yard 

backstroke events. She 
should also contribute as 
a member of five relay 
teams .... 

Another key is senior 
Allison Dunn, who is 
looking to repeat last 
year's top-eight finishes 
in both the 100-and 200-
yard breaststroke. 

Preabman freestyle 
specialist . Heather 

McPherson hopes to lad the way in 
the 100-, 200- and SOO-yard 
freestyle. 

"[McPherson] has a shot to be 
top eight in all three of those events," 
Boyd said. 

Another freestyle ace, Laurie 
Boyd, is looking to reel in top fin-
ishes in her favorite races, the 100-
and 200-yard freestyle. She was a 
consolation finalist in both events 
last year. 

Coach Boyd is. impressed with 
bow far the women have come this 
ICIIOIl and thinks they will tum some 
beads at Nationals. 

"If any team bas ever risen above 
my expectations, it's definitely been 
tile wODlen's team," Boyd said. "The 
combination of [the swimmers and 
divers] will put us right in the bunt 

See NCAA, Peae 17 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 


