
ELSEWHIRI 

........... -PrGf r.1 ...... . 
DAVIS - A UC Davis 
gnduate student recently 
filed a federal sexual 
hanssment lawsuit against 
well-known UCD Geology 
Professor Philip Signor, the 
student's former thesis 
advisor. ''The harassment 
began fairly soon after I 
arrived," graduate student 
Donna Hunt said. "We'd 
have mandatory meetings 
once a week and he'd stare 
at my body." Signor has 
taken a year's leave from 
UCD to study in Newport, 
Rhode Island. His Davis 
phone is disconnected and 
he was unavailable for 
comment. 

UCSB LocIIs ProteIt 
011 DrIll Proposal 
SANTA BARBARA-
Santa Barbara residents and 
environmental activists met 
at Stearns Wharf a week ago 
to mark the 25th anniversary 
of the worst local oil spill 
and speak out against a 
current Mobil oil drilling 
proposal. "Mobil's proposed 
slant-drilling project... will 
bring a highly visible, 
polluting operation to the 
coast," said Linda Krop, an 
Environmental Defense 
Center attorney. 

ASUCD CoiIncU 
Rejects Alp." 
DAVIS - Nicole 
Humphrey's appeal was 
rejected by !be Student 
Appeals ao.nt (SAB) on 
Tuesday niabt. disqualifying 
her from the ASUCD 
Executive Council seat she 
had won in an election held 
last November. UC Davil' 
Student Judicial BomI (SJB) 
had found Humphrey JUiJcy 
of overspending by S I 0.87 on 
her campai.n. The SAB did 
not find that HUlbphrey's 
appeal was MlUfliciently 
proven" and did not remand 
her case to the SJB. 

INSIDE 

ROTC 
PlAIUIIIS: Students 
still panicipale in 
disbanded proJl1lm • 

IPOIITa: Men's 
buketball won on 
Friday night ao • 

INDEX 

UCSD BIUD'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN I: ao.s .................... 2 
UGHTS I: SIIENS ..•.••.•.•••......... J 
OPINION ••••••.•...••••••••••••••••••••••. 4 
aAI8D'IIIl8 ........................... l' 
sPOm ................................... 20 

, H E u 

UCSANDIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1994 

Students carry ..... In favor • crau-cultunll center at UCSD durl ... a demonstration 
lit the PrIce Center. Approximately 200 atudentI attended l'hundaJ'. rally. 

Coalition Demands 
Cross Cultural Center 
RAU.Y: UCSD students present 
proposal to chancellor; meeting 
between coalition, administration 
scheduled for next Monday 
By PhIlIp MIc ...... 
News Editor 
... C8IIdIce Me, ....... 
Gun/an Reporte, 

As part of their efforts to bring a cross-
cultonl center to UCSD, members of the 
Cross-Cultural Center Coalition held a rally 
at the Price Center on Thursday and presented 
their demands to Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

Approximately 200 students, carrying signs 
which read "respect us, don't neglect us" and 
"no real education without equal representa-
tion," attended the noon rally. 

Composed of students, faculty and staff, 
the coalition is aimed at enhancing cross-
cultural communication, education and re-
search in order to create a more informed and 
culturally sensitive campus, according to coa-
lition member Laura Jimc!nez. 

A UCSD cross-cultural center would pro-

vide study groups and tutorial services, de-
velop a multicultural resource libnry and 
establish a multicultural research journal. In 
addition, the center would promote links with 
community and on-campus organizations. 

Jimc!nez, a gnduate of Muir College, said 
that a cross-cultural center would be a long-
overdue addition to UCSD. "We've had a 
tradition of neglect in our country. We don't 
want that tradition to continue at UCSD," she 
said. 

History Professor David Gutic!rrez, who 
spoke at the rally, agreed that UCSD was in 
dire need of the center. "UCSD remains of all 
the UC campuses the most homogeneous ... 
and what the members of the coalition have 
been doing is looking at ways to address the 
problem," Gutierrez said. 

"We are fed up, frustrated and furious," 
said African American Student Union (AASU) 
President Anthereca Edmerson. "Students of 
color have been misled, mistreated and misin-
fonned." 

"I urge you to become part of the solution," 
Edmerson told the crowd at the rally. "Inac-

See RAUY, Page 7 

c s D 

VOLUME 81, ISSUE 11 

A.Se Unfreezes 
Budgets for 
EJigible Groups 
FUNDING: Four organizations 
deemed ineligible by SOFEB 
By Philip Michaels 
News Editor 
and Alexander Thiesen 
Staff Writer 

At a special meeting held last week, the 
Associated Students Council unfroze the op-
erating budgets of student organizations found 
eligible for funding in light of the SmitiJ ... 
Regems ruling. 

The decision to unfreeze the operating 
budgets follows the completion of a screening 
process for each student organization on cam-
pus. Eligible organizations can now resume 
their regular operations, according to A.S. 
Vice President Finance Neena Malik. Malik 
added that the A.S. will now be able to allo-
cate additional funding to these organiza-
tions. 

"A good number of organizations are now 
able to program and operate," Malik said. 

But the news was not good for all organi-
zations last week. Four campus groups were 
found to be ineligible for funding because 
they did not comply with the State Supreme 
Court's ruling in the Smith case. 

Amnesty International, Muslim Student 
Association, Korean-American Campus Mis-
sion and the Baha'i Club were among the 
groups that lost their appeals and were ruled 
ineligible for funding because their activities 
met the criteria for political, religious or ideo-
logical organizations. 

Amnesty International, for example, was 
found ineligible because it supports and spon-
sors ballot initiatives, endorses candidates 
and affiliates with off-campus political orga-
nizations. • 

Several organizations waived their rights 
to a full hearing by the Student Organization 
Funding Eligibility Board (SOFEB). Follow-
ing their preliminary hearing; the Catholic 
Student Community sent the A.S. a formal 
letter explaining that they were fundamen-
tally a religious organization. and that they 
would like to withdraw from a formal hear-
ing. 

The Committee for World Democracy and 
the Objectivism Study Group were two orga-
nizations initially denied funding, but were 
later abl~ to establish their funding eligibility 
during the course of the full hearings. 

See BUDGET, Page 9 

~ripps Researchers Refute Climate Theories 
IJK..-ChenI 
s.nlor Sta" WrIte, 

New research conducted at 
UCSD's Scripps Institution of 
OcanoaraPhy (SIO) has indicated 
that last year's reports, which 
claimed thltllle earth's current cli-
illite may be subject to rapid and 
dramatic shifts, may have been pre-
mature. 

1be research, which was per-
formed last year by a group of 
lCiendltl analyzing Greenland ice 
core data, also showed evidence 
for a multitude of abrupt climate 
swinp durint the last ice age and 

the interglacial period that pre-
ceded it. 

Assistant Professor Christopher 
Charles of the SIO Geological 
Research Division reported in a 
paper published in the Jan. 28 is-
sue of Science that a method the 
scientists used to deduce past 
changes in global temperatures 
may not be as stnightforward an 
indicator as previously believed. 

Accordina to Charles, the tem-
perature chanses of more than 12 
degrees Fahrenheit reported to have 
occurred during periods ofless than 

See CLIMATE, Page 9 

Hot ..... H .. vy ••• 
Scientists have used ancient Greenland ice to determine prehistoric 
climate changes, citing the fact that heavier water molecules, 
containing the isotope oxygen 18, are more predominant at higher 
temperatures. But recent findings make the relationship between 
tempenture and water content much more difficult to detennine. 

I Higher TI!II1P'" I' ............ "mp' ".....-. .. 
• 9 ~ 

.-• .~ • .. 
• • 

.. 

.... 
.. 

•• ~. 
•• •• 

.. ~ .. 
.-t. • , •. ' •. , 

; ... 



2 NEWS 

Variety of aenes to 
Blame for Alcoholism 
tHEORY: UCSD researcher finds that those with 
higher tolerance may become dependent on alcohol 
IIJ Joana Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

A UCSD researcher has shed 
new light on the theory that alco-
holism is an inherited trait in a new 
study published in the February 
1994 issue of the American Jour-
nal of Psychiatry. 

Marc Schuckit, a psychiatry 

greater likelihood of becoming 
physically and psychologically 
dependent on alcohol, Schuckit 
said. 

In his report. Schuckit discov-
ered that there may still be a link 
between alcoholism and genetics. 
though it may be a different link-
age than was assumed in the past. 

According to 
Hagen. volunteers 
who were the chil-
dren of alcoholics 
were more likely to 
be less sensitive to 
alcohol, suppon-
ing the theory that 
there is some son 
of genetic linkage 
involved in the 
ability to tolerate 
alcohol. 

professor at the 
V.A. Medical Cen-
ter, first began re-
cruiting young men 
to participate in the 
study 12 years ago. 
Drawing mainly 
from the UCSD 
area, the survey in-
volved 231 sons of 
alcoholics and 231 
matched controls. 
In a IO·year fol· 
low-up of the vol-
unteers, Schuckit 
found that those 
who felt less intoxi-
cate.d and per-
formed well on 
tests of their motor 
skillsafterdrinking 
three to five serv-
ings of alcohol 
were four times as 
likely to become 
alcoholics by age 
30, regardless of 
whether or not they 
had a history of al-
coholism in their 
families. 

"It'. not SO Hagen said that 
Schuckit hopes to 

much a gene - use the infonnation 
there •• gathered in his 

long-tenn study for genetics that educational pur-
predlspo.. poses. "There may 
someone to be some awareness 

education, like alcoho.... with AIDS." she 
Peopl. hay. a sai~i a low sensi~ 
few .-that tivity to alcohol 
make [theIn) during the first 

three decades of a 
.... ....auv. person's life does 
[to aIoohoI)." tum out to predict 

Health Science 
Communication 
Representative 
Denine Hagen said 

~... ........ future alcoholic 
Health Science dependency,infor-
CorIlIoonlcatlon mation about the 
Representative factors that predis-

pose people to al-
coholism may help prevent alco-
hol addiction for high-risk indi-
viduals. 

that these findings do not neces-
sarily rule out a genetic link to 
alcoholism. "It's not so much a 
gene as there are genetics that pre-
dispose someone to alcoholism," 
Hagen said. 

"People have a few genes that 
make [them] less sensitive [to al-
cohol]," she added. 

The results of the study indi-
cate that some people may be at a 
higher risk for alcoholism simply 
because of their high tolerance for 
alcohol. Schuckit' s study outlined 
the idea that people who need 
larger doses of alcohol in order to 
achieve the same feeling of into xi· 
cation as their peers may drink 
more to become as intoxicated as 
those around them. Over a long 
period of time, this can lead to an 
increased alcohol tolerance and a 

The International Society for 
Biomedical Research in Alcohol-
ism will present Schuckit with the 
Issacson A ward for his work in the 
genetics of alcoholism at a meet-
ing in Brisbain, Australia. on July 
1,1994. 

The honor is bestowed once 
every two years for outstanding 
research in the field of alcoholism 
studies. 

Schuckit will discuss his work 
in a public lecture on Feb. 24 at 
4:30 p.m. in the Garren Audito-
rium of the Basic Sciences Build-
ing at the UCSD School of Medi-
cine. The lecture is free and a part 
of the ongoing Faculty Distin-
pished Lecture Series. 

Guardian News 
1Vriters'~eetU1g 

Tonight at 5 
Bring a Friend 

lIltUCID8 &1 .................. ....,.. .... -.... ... 
"uca~" ............... _ .............. _ ........... 11 
.. ,..... ....... --. ........ 11 ............ _" 
...... --................................ -. . 
....... ....- ......... UCID ......... "~ •• 
............ r.aDC .... ..., ...... GIIIII ... ,. ....... 

The UCSD Guardiaa - lIonday, rebnaary 7,1994 

r 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

bI IoIlUO\ 
lOII6IUl ME 

'bl~ 
'It) REPUT 

~Tt'lk.R 
I 510.'( ~ 

lOtI MIIClI 
~~ 

'DI~ 
b ~~"T 

~'ti.'4ER 
I ~'(~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

QUIT It'. 
I 

~BlI).' ~ 
Il y 

Pulitzer Winner Visits Campus 
New York TImes columnist and two-time PoIIu. . 0epaItment at the SctIppI RtseIICh institute. He 

recalYe<l the 1972 NobeI_1or~ Of MIdI-
cine for his work In decIpheffIlC the fundlmental 
molecules reaponsble for immunIty. 

PrIze winner Anthony lewis will visit UCSO this week IS 
a Regents' Lecturer. lewis' visit to UCSO Is c0-
sponsored by the History and Convnunlcatlons De-
partments. 

On ~ and Tuesday, lewis wIIllect1n In three 
classes on C3'11JUS.ln addition, he wi discuss freedom 
of the press on Wednesday nW1t at 7 p.rn. In the PrIce 
Center. 

lewis Is the author of Gideon's Trumpet and Malee 
Na Law, books which deal with two landmark cases of 
the U.S. Supreme Court. . 

J ........ stuHnt Group Holds 
Day of ............... Ceremony 

The Day of Remembrance, an aMual observance 
of the U.S. government's Internment of AmerIcan 
citizens and non-cltIzen residents during World War II, 
will take place on FrIday, Feb. 18. 

To commemorate the event, the Japanese Amerl-
can Society (JaAmS), an oo-campus student organlza. 
tion, will host a pro&ram In Gallery A of the Prtce Center 
from 11 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. The program will Include 
readings of letters from children Inside the Intemment 
camps. a slide show of the experiences of local 
Japanese-Amerlcans, 8 documentary film on the pe-
riod and a panel discussion by Internees. 

The ARCS foundation Is a natIonII flOOi)fOfIt 0rga-
nization dedicated to keepI~ Amertca technoIcJCIceII 

~ end Intematlonelly competItM by ~ 
the best end the brIChteSt U.S. !!ChoWs In their pursuit 
of a scientific education. 

This year, the ARCS San DIego Chapter raised 
$150,000 to provide scholarships to students from 
UCSO, San DIeCO State UnlYersity and the ScrIpps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

, ..... CoIIIIIIItt .. ApproV" 
Eall ........... Tax ... 

After a pro~ed debate last Thursday, the Senate 
. Revenue end Taxation Committee passed and amended 

Assembly Bill 1983, which Is Intended to raise the 
state's sales tax by one-fourth of. cent for 26 months 
to fund earthquake recovery In Southern california. 

The Senate Revenue and Taxation Convnlttee 
passed AS 1983 by • slx-to-one maf1In, with one 
abstention. 

On Jan. 27, Assembly Speaker Willie Brown I~ 
duced le&lalatlon I~ a 13-month, ont-half cent 
Increase In the state's sales tax, but on ThIncIIIy he 
acreed to amendments by Senator Tom HI)'den (D-

ARCS Foundation Honors ScrIp,. . Santa MonIca) to chqt the nebn of the •. 
Prof ••• or • Benefit DII... The bill was chfted ~ response to the JIn. 18 ~ . NorthrIdge 8II1hq_ thIIt C8UHd tremendous dim-

Dr. Gerald M. Edelman will be honored • the ~.:: .1n Southern CaIIfornia.. . _ 
ScIentist of the Year for 1994 by the AchltMment".' ·ltll1lkesnoSensefort" .. U........... 17 
Rewards for CoIlete Scientists (ARCS) Foundltlon It ~. days .... Jhe CIUIk* -lO ... clone· ftDCI*C but 
Its annual benefit dinner on March 2. The event.U < eccept photo ~. en.n.... '" 
take place at the Sheraton Grande Torrey Pinel Hotel. • . ·The ~that tNt 1I;Mmor ......... oftIcIeIa 

Edelman, a Nobel laureate renowned for his.. s/\oUId be ~ II thIt ... ~ II ready, 
search on the brain, Is the chairman of the NeuroIoIY. wiIII~ !!lid able to do bJdbr-"I'iIIdded. 

Moaday, February 7,1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

UCSD Studenis to Lobby 
For Federal Budget Increase 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
......" ..... 21 
1:30 p.m.: A CIll! Cafe collective member reported the theft of business 
checks from the collective. Loss: $40. 

., Ella Schmidt 
Senior Sta" WrIter 

If participants in a national post-
card lobbying drive have their way , 
the federal government will in-
crease spendinB on student finan-
cial {lid education programs from 
the current 1.8 percent of the fed-
eral budget to 2.8 percent next year. 

The Concerned Students group 
- founded at UCSD after the an-
nouncement of a $6(X) fee hike at 
the University of California next 
year - initiated the drive on this 
campus to suppon a move by the 
U.S. Students Association (USSA), 
a national student lobbying organi-
zation, to ask for increased federal 
education spending. 

Tables wiJI be set up at the 
Hump Tuesday through ThURday 
from II a.m. to 3 p.m. for the 
postcard drive. Students will be 
able to sign four different post-
cards, one -for President Bill 
Clinton, two for the California 
senators and one for Congress. 

The postcards contain a pre-
written message asking for the one 
percent increase and have been 
funded out of the pockets of Con-
cerned Students members. 

According to Muir College 
sophomore Avi Gur,the lobbying 
program is intended to help stu-
dents make it through school in 
spite of recent fee hikes. Our said 
he joined Concerned Students af-
ter hearing three of his friends say 

they wouldn't be able to stay at 
UCSD if fee hikes continue with-
out financial aid increases. 

"That $600 [increase] was 
enough to break them," Gur said. 

The federal government's edu-
cation fund supports important fi-
nancial aid programs such as Pell 
Grants, Stafford Loans and Na-
tional Service. Our said that the 
national programs do not gi ve stu-
dents undeserved access to educa-
tion. "It's not a free ride because 
you're going to give back so 
much," he said. 

"I think students should take up 
the cost as much as possible. but if 
you're willing to work and take 
loans, you should be able to have 
access [to the university]," Qur 
added. 

According to Gur, unless more 
financial aid is appropriated, 
UCSD will lose its ethnic and eco-
nomic diversity. "Only white, 
middle-class kids wiJI be going to 
this school." he said. 

The federal aid programs are par-
ticularly importantforstudenrs. since 
they provide about 15 percent of 
financial aid dollars, according to 
Associated Students Vice President 
EitemaJ Nick Endres. 

Even though Endres said that 
there is a good chance that educa-
tion funding will be increased this 
year because of decreased defense 
spending and President Clinton's 
interest in education, he doesn't 

expect to get the full one percent. 
"Clinton has instituted a lot of 

new (education programs], but he 
hasn't increased funding toeduca-
tion." Endres said. 

Concerned Students has also ini-
tiated several other programs to 
fight fee increases and boost finan-
cial aid. On Feb. 15, students will 
rally downtown to protest the in· 
creases. "It's nothing radical, just 
speakers." Gur said. Protestors will 
walk to a local prison "for the irony 
of more money for prisons, less for 
education," according to Our. 

Endres said students will try to 
e-mail President Clinton to advo-
cate increased funding to educa-
tion as well. The president can be 
reached through the Internet at 
president@whitehouse.gov. 

Another program being con-
sidered by Concerned Students 
involves raising money to send a 
lobbying group to the state capital. 
"We're going to sell our blood to 
get enough money to get to Sacra-
mento," Gur said. 

Concerned Students, which had 
30 members at its first meeting 
last week, meets tomorrow at 6 
p.m. in the Price Center Davis-
Riverside Room. Endres said an 
additional 10 names were obtained 
during a candlelight vigil last week. 

Gursaid he encourages students 
upset by fee increases to attend, 
adding that the group js not radical 
or politically affiliated . 

" 

9:35 p.m.: A Resident SeclM'ity OffIcer filed a report conceming a 19-year-
old male student in possession of alcohol and false identifICation at the 
Muir Apartments. 
.. ..." ..... 10 
7:30 p.m.: Officers detained a 20-year-old male noo-affiliate at Stewart 
Hall for obstructing a peace offICer. Released at the scene. 
••• .." ..... 11 
9:15 Lm.: A staff member reported a bomb threat made against the 
language programs office at University Extension. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a backpack from Peterson Hall. 
Loss: $150. 
4:00 p.m.: A staff member reported the burglary of room 4500 at Hubbs 
Hall. Loss: $400. 
'heeMJ. Fell. 1 
2:20 p.m.: A PacifIC Bell employee reported receiving an anonymous 
bomb threat on campus. 
4:00 p.m.; A construction wO/1(er reported the theft of a black '90 Mazda 
pickup from Lot 357. Loss: $6,500. 
4:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a white '84 Mazda 626 from 
Lot 701. Loss: $3,000. 
W ....... ', ...... 2 
9:01 •. m.: A staff member reported Indecent exposure at the Thomton 
Hospital parking lot. 
9:15 a.m.: A notifying warrant was requested for an 18-year-{)ld female 
student for contributing to the delinquency of a minor at the Marshall 
College residence halls. 
au a.m.: A citizen arrested a 62-year-{)1d male facuitY member for 
misuse of a handicapped placard. Cited and released. 
12:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a wallet from the Central 
Ubrary copy room. Loss: $35. 
..... ...",..3 
10:50 a.m.: A staff member reported the burglary of room 2274 at 
Sverdrup Hall. Loss: $60. 
a35 a.m.: OffIcers arrested a 44-year-{)ld female staff member for 
misuse of a handicapped placard. Cited and released. 
......,. Fell. 4 
12:40 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a locked vehicle at Lot 
502. Loss: $200. 
1:30 p.m.: A student reported receiving threatening phone calls at the 
Marshall College residence halls. 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of locked vehicle at Lot 355. 
Loss: $292. 
4:15 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a beige '89 Honda Civic at 
Lot 501. Loss: $475. 

-Compiled by ErIk Johnson, Staff Writer 

,~ ..... _aBce ••• 
erde. 

f~H:;a;;;;~ 
I 
I N.. ..... _---~'-'-'--~-

---~.-~TA VERDE 
ne (~nTrl 

At The Comer Of~cscc & La Jolla VaUaae Drive. 
Free ComaUent Parking. 458-9270 

~---------.... ----------...::;-----------------



.. OPINION The UCSD Guardi,p 

PINION 

COMMENTARY: As UCSD's latest enrollment statisics attest, the university has failed students of 
color - greater student outreach, campus support and a cross-cultural center are all essential 

B y GAY B JOB •• 0 x, I B X lOR I TAP P W R I ,. B R 
f defining yourself comes 
from your environment and 
how you interact with others, 
this campus has much to 
grapple with in terms of the 
identity of its students. Suc-
cess and identity go hand in 

hand. AlthoughUCSDoffersabroad range 
of experiences to its students, there are 
some distwbing trends which show that 
our campus climate isn' t anywhere near as 
tolerant, multiculhmll or aware as we would 
liJre to think. 

The last four years have seen progres-
sive steps toward bringing about a more 
inclusive campus environment: the imple-
mentation of the Dimensions of Culture 
(DOC) program at Marshall College, some 
additions to faculty and staff of color and an 
increase in multiculhmll events. 

Yet we have seen a absence of female 
instructors in the DOC Program, the resig-
nations of some staff and faculty of color 
(some because they feel this campus is 
unwelcoming toward them) and, in our 
panic tocelebrare "multiculturalism," we've 
begun to ignore issues of exclusion and 
discrimination. So which is it'! Are we 
going forward or backward? 

Many of the current trends for students 
of color, especially African Americans, 
point 10 a regression in terms of inclusion. 
For instance, out of more than 14,000 un-
dergraduate students at UCSD, there are 
only 362 African Americans. NativeAmeri-
cans' numbers are so low they're not even 
considered statistically significant enough 
to cite. 

When people hear of this, the usual 
reaction is either to blame the victim or to 
cite the usual (and legitimate) reasons: fee 
increases. lack of financial aid, disparate 
standards in public schooling. Yet, the ques-
tion is less how it got this way than why it's 
still this way. 

On the heels of naming a college after 
Thurgood Marshall, we can certainly say 
that we are not facing the same issues as 
those presented in the 1954 Brown v. Board 

~.UCSDSta ..... 
In recent years. the ratio of 
African Americans admitted to UCSO 
to those who actually enrolled has 
dropped far below that of the other 
UCs: 
0.8 

0.7 
0.6 

0.5 

0.4 

0 .3 

0 .2 

0.1 

o 
'83 '85 '87 '89 '91 '93 

Education case. Or are we? Recent statis-
tics show that in many areas, segregation is 
as bad as it was 30 years ago. 

As Princeton Scholar Comel West so 
eloquently said last Friday at Mesa Col-
lege, "Yes, we have made some progress. 
Has it been measurable? I would say yes. 
Have we regressed? I would say most 
definitely yes ...... The numbers don't lie: 
African Americans represent less th8n two 
percent of the UCSD population, and that, 
as West also said, "isacrimeandasharne." 
What is happening? 

The fact is that there are many students 
who just don't want to come here. In 1992, 
349 African-American students applied 1Ild 
were admined toUCSD. Yet Fall 1993 saw 
only 59 new black students enroll. The 
reason is that they've heard the news: not 
only is UCSD generally boring for all 
students, but it alienates black students. 
who don't even number enough to fiU a 
lecture hall. There is noattraction forpeople 
of color to corne to a school where not only 
do they lack a significant presence. buybe 
administration virtually ignorestheirneeds. 

The administration's lack of real dedi-
cation to retention and recruitment, throw-
ing crumbs called "five-year plans" and 
"committees" to investigate declining en-
rollment, refusing to allocate space for a 
multicultural center and dragging its feet 
on hiring more faculty of color contradicts 
its "commitment" to accessible and equaJ 
education. 

The Price Center Plaza is a perfect 
example of unequal provisions. The issue 
not only involves space, but the lack of a 
visibly supportive environment for stu-
dents of color. Wa1Iting through the Price 
Center is like walking through a sea of 
predominantly white, Greekorganizations. 
This is the crowd which dominates the 
space. 

Sure, the Price Center was built for 
everyone, but not everyone feels comfort-
able there. And given the fact that a 
multicultural center was included in the 

See CUMATE, Page 5 

Composition 
Here Is a breakdown of UCSO's total 

underg~uate population for 1993. 
by ethnlcity: 

Decllnln, to Enroll 
Since 1983. UCSO has seen a 
dramatic Increase in 
African-American freshman 
applicants and admits each ~ar. 
while the number of those who enroll 
has remained relatively steady. . 

700 
600 

500 

400 
300 
200 
100 

0 
'83 '85 

• 

'87 '89 '91 '13 
............ , ...... 

""'1, f'ebruuy 1,. 1994 

COMMENTARY: Rather 
than providing a common 
meeting ground, 
multiculturalism simply 
strengthens old racial 
divisions and conflicts 
By Rob Levlnaon 
Contrlbutlrw Opinion Writer 

While browsing through the UCSD 
Bookstore last Thursday, I gravitated to-
ward the display dedicated to Black History 
Month and be,an thumbing through a copy 
of the writings and speeches of Dr. Martin 
Luther King Jr. I turned to his famous "I 
Have A Dream" speech. which was deliv-
ered on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial 
on the centennialofThe Emancipation Proc-
lamation. I turned to this not because it is his 
most renowned speech, but because of all of 
the great speeches and writings American 
history offers, none has the capacity to 
move me in the way which this does. 

"I Have A Dream" moves me because it 
embodies, in a special way, all that is right 
and good and decent about America. On this 
reading, I was particularly struck by Dr. 
King's dream that one day his children 
would "not be judged by the color of their 
skin, but by the content of their character." 

This phrase expresses the great promise 
of America and, unfortunately,alsothe great 
danger of today' s multiculturalist approach 
to education. Multiculturalism is taken by 
some to mean thal we should do just what 
Dr. Kin,dreamedofending.Namely,judg-
ing people by the color of their skin. 

ThIs. of c:outse, doesI\ 't IfIean we Should 
~ die IK:COIIlplishments of Crispus 
Aaucks,Fledaic:kDouJllD,Gecqe Wah-
ingIonCa'vec, CoIinPowell,SojoumerTJUlh 
and the myriad of oilier African Americans 
who helped make this country .... 

On the contrary, far too often the c:onIri-
butions of African Americans and other 
minority group6 have been aIoaed over in 
dleteachingofourhislory.lftheproponellts 
of multiculturalism are ooly sceki .. to right 
these wrongs. I proudly stand with them. 

But they often go further, propIpIin, 
the notion that these aiInts of our pal were 
gianrsprec:isely becalselheirstinWISbIack 
or yellow or because their parenIS came 
from a pncullr counby. This I t.aerty 
reject. 

We re~ diem bec:Iuse of the mqni-
tudeoftheirconlributions. ObviousIY,IIIIIlY 
of these men and women faced ...-Idver-
lily bec:aIIe of their Ikin color, and this 
should be acknowledpl. But the focus 
should be not 00 how hard the IOId WII tot 
lheln.but we. they didllldhow k is woven 

-jdE) the rich quilt of Americ:In IHory -
IhII which IIIIIIreI \IS willi we _ today. 

s.uy, in the .... of divenity. rn.Iy 
seek to use nulticuJturlJism 110 cIvide us 
aJonaflCialllldedllicllnes. Yes, welbould 
all be pmudofouruniquepllll"'C:Uilura. 
As a Jew ....... 110 a HispInic, I hope" 
my seven-montIHId ....... wiU pow up 
.1IppIeCiIIina the .... of boIh of her 
reIIIIIbbIt.Ailan . 

Bull., ...... 110 know .... her 
__ wl"IeVer..,.,... __ _ 
l'IIIDwcid&enstadthll,lfDr. KiDt"dMIiD· 
I .... _Il00 will be JudIed by die COIIeIIt 
of .. c:t.Icfer. So whM I .... of IA1 
...... lKer. I am taken IbIck by the 
lIIJIIkahundisI'sroc:usoalldllcilliaeas 
to the exdusion of ~ our idvidullily 
"'our~1ieL 

In die ...twrIiIy ... elrewtleat. IIIis 
~ 1I ...... 1IIGIt dqerous In die 
........... ~ pIa)'Id. Prqu-
of 1IIUIIku ......... cIemMd ....... -

s..--, PIle I 

CLIMATE: 
Administration has 
neglected the needs 
of people of color 
ContInued flam ..... 4 
original building plans of die Price 
Center, there ought to be somedIing 
that sIIInds for studetU of color that is 
just as visible and just_ iRlpOltlnL 

Idenlily goes hand in hand with 
success. Hyou don't see yourselfrep-
reserted on campus. if you don't see 
anyone lib you when you walk from 
Wanat to Revelle. you run a hiabrisk 
of feeling like you don't belong or 
deserve to be here. The r.ct Chat black 
studenls don't want ro corne heIe in-
dicates a very serious problem. 

The lack of black faculty on this 
campus is also a serious problem. 
Thoughsomeof1hebeUerbildschol-
ars in the country are III UCSD, they 
are a minority within a minority -

DIVISION: 
Don't base on race 
Conthiued from ..... 4 
ceptable" number of Afrlcan-Ameri-
can or Hispanic or Naaive-American 
students are enrolled in this and odIer 
universities.Just whaldoes this mean? 

Jnathankfully bygone era. I would 
expect these callcans from the werst 
kindofexclusionmy bigot. At UCSD, 
how many African Americans are ac-
ceptable? H 362 is not enough. then 
how about 500, 1,000, 5,OOO? No, not 
5,000, maybe that's too many. Five 
thousand wouldn't be acceptable. 

When you single out one group for 
special pri vi1ege, you necessarily ex-

lou than 30 stroRg. Part of malting 
UCSD a mare invitin, place for stu-
denIs of color is to realize that faculty 
of color are a necessary part of a 
university campus and .. in1qraI part 
studenr Ielelwion. 

Despilebeingoneoftherop.funded 
resean:b schools in 1hecountry, we've 
been unable to ~t some of the 
finest bIadt minds for the same rea-
sons that we've been unable lQ retain 
them as ~ h's tough to reauit 
African Americalls 00 .. y academic 
level to a school with a campus like 
ours. 

Our campus conununity - on all 
levels- is generally UJIIW8re of, and 
unwilling to learn about, the needs of 
underrepresented and oppressed 
groups. Plain and simple. 

Regardless of how the UCSD ad-
ininistration plays helpless to the 
mercy of the JqenlS and how the 
resents play helpless to the governor, 
the fact is that there's plenty of power 
III UCSD alone to both recruit and 

clude others. More importantly, you 
establish a principle of treating people 

. based on their membership in a per-
ticulargroup, rather than as individu-
als. 

This principle can easily be turned 
against the group that is currently en 
\I08IW. Today'saffirmativeaction ben-
eficiaries could, tomorrow, tum into 
just anotherdiscriminated-against mi-
nority. What happens when, in the 
year 2000, AngJo.Americans are 1 
minority in California? Should we 
then make sure we have an acceptable 
numberof whites inourstudent body? 
Don't be ridiculous. 

According to the UC Student Di-
gest, whites made up 68.2 percent of 

The UCSD Guardian 
. -

maintain an acceptable number of 
African-American studentI every 
year. If tile adminisInIion liUIy WJIIIfed 
us here, we would be here. 

The amount of money spent on 
canstruction could be ptl into areas of 
retention and proaramn1ing to make 
this university a little more representa-
tive. I refuse to believe that these funds 
are in some mysterious place and can-
not be used for anything else. If !here 
were an emergency tomonow that 
threaIened some "important" aspect of 
the university, we would see some of 
those funds IDIfrozen, The money is 
there. Don't believe it isn'l And if the 
administration were pessed. it would 
allow some of thai money to go whale 
it really CXlUIIts. 

The declining number of African 
Americans at UCSD is an emergency 
that not only threatens the livelihood 
of African Americans. but that of ev-
ery student on this campus. If African 
Americans are just as important as 
everyone else, then their presence and 

theUCSDfreshmanclassin I 983 and 
43.8 percent in 1993. While the per-
cenlageof African Arnericansenrolled 
in UCSD has declined, the percent-
ages of Asians, Hispanics and others 
have increased. 

Is that good or bed? On the whole, 
if one concludes that the change in the 
overall ratio of whites to minorities 
represents an expansion of opportuni-
ties for minorities, it's terrific. That is 
a goal we should all be pursuing. 

However, if one asks whether a 
panicular group's percentage is "too" 
high or ''too'' low, we must tum the 
question around and ask, "Okay, how 
many less of group X should we let in 
next year so that we can let in more of 

, 

, CAPPUCCINO e LAnE MOCHA e ESPRESSO , 
, , 
, , 

: 2 FOR 1 O~ SO% OFF : 
, Bring this coupon and a friend to the Java Coast Courtyard and receive , 
, two of our fine coffee drinks for the price of one. Or come by yourself , 

and receive 50% off the price of a drink. 
, The Java Coast Courtyard now proudly accepts the PLUS _ 
, CARD and meal plan points. Look for a second location , 

coming soon at Club Med (School of Medicine). 
, Exp. 2125194 ' 

", -""""" -"""" " 

NEW! 
SOUP-N-SALAD SPECIAL 

e A fresh take-out salad from our salad bar 
e Hot, wholesome soup 
e Big, icy cold 32 oz·. drink TOP 

• 35 items to choose from • New dressings 
• 2 specialty salads daily • 2 soups each day 
Offer applies to Lunch Carryout orders only. 

Mon-Frl 11:30 am - 1 :30 

OPTH. 

UAD 

history on this campus are just as 
important as anything else. 

The di~ our society is taking 
necessitates an understanding of 
multicultural issues as well as ec0-
nomic and social discriminalion. We 
cannot understand these issues with-
out engaging capable black scholars 
and intellectuals. They would not only 
enhance not only the atmosphere, but 
the very reputation of this uni versity. 
Further, an increase in faculty ofcolor 
contributes to the recruitmentofblack 
students who need the types of role 
models that white students have al-
ways had on hand. 

I'm suggesting more than "equal" 
treatment here - you don't treat 
people widlunequa\resourcesequally. 
Oven:ompensating fordisadvantaged 
students by making them feel extra 
welcome is what will get them - and 
keep them - at UCSD. 

It's called compensatory justice, 
and since my ancestors received nei-
ther 40 acres nor the right to peacefully 

group YT Or more to the point, against 
whom should we discriminate so that 
we boost the numbers of a particular 
group? This type of reasoning leads 
us down an all-tao-familiar and dan-
gerous path. 

If those·advocating the building of 
a multicultural center at UCSD be-
lieve that it would make minority 
students feel more comfortable on 
campus, more powerto them. If they 
want to look for more qualified A fri-
can American and other minority pro-
fessors.l've got no problem with that. 
And if they want to increase outreach 
programs to qualified minority high 
school students, I'll suppoltlhem 100 
percent. 

OPINION 5 

coIIIbilate on their own lands. and 
because I continue to see the resuk of 
put oppession play II role in the attri-
tion, unemployment and deaIh rates of 
my people, I deserve more than equal 
treatment until I have equal ~n:es. 

There's no doubt that the adminis-
tration is not doing irs job on issues 
impol1ant to peapIe of coIor. lfit were, 
then many of us wouldn't feel uncom-
fortable about something as basic as 
walking through Price Center. We 
wouldn't feel alienated at UCSD. Bur 
this isn't just about people of color. 
Improving the campus climate for stu-
dents of co\or will improve the educa-
tion and awareness of white students. 

But,asalways. we needn't wait for 
the administration to make a move. 
There's always us, the SlUdents, and 
we should be on the cutting edge of 
political mobilization. While there 
may flO( be enough African Ameri-
cans on this campus to fill a lectwe 
hall, that doesn't mean there aren' t 
enough to malce a difference. 

However, efforts would be better 
spent fighting against the recent fee 
increases, which are likely to have a 
disproportionately negative impact on 
minority applicants. But this is s0me-
thing which is hardly race-specifIC -
UC fee increases affect students of all 
ethnicities and racial backgrounds. Per-
haps wecan find common ground here. 

We must all continously look for 
those things which bring us closer 
together, securing the bonds of a com-
mon American family, not separating 
us by walls of distrust and misunder-
standing. Perhaps then, one day, we 
might make Dr. King's·dream a real-
ity and all "sit down together al the 
table of brotherhood." 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract. you can't get a 
bener bargaIn. 

NO INITIATION FEE * 
_ thlo -.I. Oller npn. 2121184. 

• AEROBICS ·lFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
,STAIIIIIASTERS • CLEAN AND SP~CIOUS 
, NAUTl.US • PERSONAlIISTRUCTIOH 

... 1aES FROM CAIIPIJS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

First tMIt 1notnIi ... ~1 

9!~jkdlel! c 
only 

Whole 
Pizza 

Speclall 
MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 2~ 

WING NIGHT 
II- J pm-doIe. 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Stein, lui of brew for $5 

($1 wtth UCSD ID) 
.... '1 MCh. --,-" 

from 1 pnMIoM $7.95 
Available 8:00 pm-l 0:00 pm 

Monday-Thursday 

Pepperoni 
Cheese 
Vegetarian 
Hawaiian 
Pizza Oscar 

$1.00 Pizza Disc. 
5 pm to dole 

$1.00 I O-oL Beers 
1pmto dole 

$1 PINT NIGHT 
from 1 pm-doM 

41475 MIssIonIlvd. 
c:.nw oIMlIII ... ,. ....... I.C.IIt ...... ,,-,..1&1"1 oIttomlll.'" 

. 274·ALES 



6 OPINION 

,.:---;---.-~\\ ---_,. .. r~, 
: : • ~.eatt'~ H I 

'~alentine's Gift Special 
• I When 70U buy _lund! WHeH for 
I ~~~~ FREEl • 
I Harry low. ucso. So he's ~ II UCSO • 
I studenu. r.cukp, IIId mIf to join him *-' I II am and 1:10 p.m .. Mon • .fri., 
I for die best I11III In La jDIa! " ". " ~ ........ -,....... I 'IREAlFAST SEIVEDALL DAY 0I0r ....... _"',.,.,. 
I 7545 Girard Ave., Downtown u joJla (61 ,\454-7381 
L Open 7 days a --. Mon.-Sat. 5:)0 1I'n-2:)o pm, SuncIap 5:30-~ Pm --------------------~ 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanfo~ D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtlflX1:li,frimd~, nNllflPbtrr • Mr .. lltr ADA. CJ)A, SIJCOS 

LA JOLlA VILlAGE PlOFESSIONAL CENTEJ. 
8950 VILlA LA JOLlA DJ.., SUITE 2103 
TDp Fillr, Jllst beb;'''l the Elqbll'" 811r 

558·3490 
Ertll;1I81 & Sllrun", 

A".irf""mI1 A PlliI4l!k 

~i=~j)~;~-----~ 
f§"~f ;q;;-,q 

TANNING SALON 
lONE FREE TAN for first-time customers ($7 value)· 
I I INTRODUCING European Body Wraps I ;:,~ 
I * * * * * * * * 
: 5 TANS (save $5) .. .............................. ..... ........ '15 
I * 1 MONTH UNUIlITED ......... .. ........ .. ........ '35 * 

3 MONTHS UNUIlITED ...... ..................... '90 
1* * * * * * * * 1 LA JOLLA INO APPOINTMISN"NICIUAIIY I PaoIIo ..... 
1 7514 Girard Ave. , Ste. 27 4803 MiIaIon 8M! 1102 
1 ~~8203~(~t.,.....t. (I.11I7M3iI 
\ !:1m ThI'_YIlllol"La_"'~ .1iI J 
'-.: __ sE'6'l:ihLj"'A'i·jll'P·'·'§M thr,. __ ~ 

Turn In 
Your Mom! 
Your mother could be a carrier of valuable 
antibodies that are desparately needed for 
production of a life saving pharmaceutlcaJ. 

If your mother II RH neptlft, Il8Yer received Rho-Gam, and 
either you or one of your siblings II RH positive, Ihe could qualify 
as a plasma donor, earn extra money and lAY! A CHILD'S URI 
For turning her In, you wiN be· ..... a REWARD of "00.00 when 

your mom brIngI UI th. ed. 

HemaBlologlcs, Inc. 882-5252 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 7,1994 

UC PAY INCREASES ARE IRRESPONSmLE 
F..dItGr: 

In what could only be'described as 
a miscarriage of fiscal responsibDity, 
the University of California Regents 
have decided to award merit pay in-
creases to the top brass of the UC 
system. while simultaneously approv-
ing yet another increase in student 
fees. 

University ofCalifomia President 
Jack Pehason has justified fee hikes 
with a "need to share pain." With 
whom is the pain being shamt? Cer-
tainly not those univen;ity officials 
whose salaries bave been increased. 

At. an assembly member, I have 
consistently voted against raising stu-
dent fees. Given the current difficult 
economic times, our joint goal should 
be to make public education more 
accessible rather than prohibitive! 

While the regents might deem 
merit pay increases necessary at this 
time to guarantee quality education, a 
decisioo to concurmllIy mise student 
tess and awant pay increases is evi-
dence of poor timing. I hope in the 
future the regents' goaJs and actions 
are more compaIible with those of us 
in the Legis~ who cootinue to 
make affordable higher education a 
priority. 

MlbGotda 
sc.te A.I INymaD 

76da DIIIric:t 

UC F .... to Protect 
Students' PIIYacy 
EdItor: 

Dan Krauss's Feb. 3 article (''Stu-
dent Investigates Use of SociaJ Secu-
rity Numbers'') reveals yet another 
aspect of this inslilution· s contempt 
forpenonal privacy. The biggesteye-
opeIICrwas that UCSD cannot legally 
require the disclosure of social secu-

READERS' 

FOHUM 
lIIeGudlln~""'" tum .. ,..,.,.. 
AI .... nIUIt" no .... //Iln IIIW,..,.. 
lIPId, dol......., .. ,... ""_ 
lit ... fI) d _,.,... .. ___ . s.M .. 
I11I8II fI): 

rity numbers if they are to be used 
merely as a fonn of identification. 
When I accepted. in April 1992, an 
offer of admission to UCSD, I com· 
pIeted the following statement: 

'7be Federal Privacy AJ;tof 1974 
requires that you'be notified that dis-
closure of your Social Security Num-
ber is mandatory pursuIIt to the au-
thority of the University of Califor-
nia. ... The Social Security Number is 
used to verify your ideOOty." 

Yet Krauss. summarising Kin 
Wilson's research. writes: 

Although UCSD asks students to 
use their social security numbers as 
identification numbers, the university 
cannot legally require students to di-
vulge their social security numbers, 
the only exception... is the financial 
aid office. 

I smell a rat. 
Assistant Registrar Bill Brown 

claims that die option not to IIIC a 
social security number for ID hasn't 
been promoted because few people 

are interested. Given the apathy of 
this campus I'm not surprised. But 
why deny this option to those who are 
concerned about their privacy? Why 
intimidate them with this lie about 
disclosure being I1I8IIdatory?That ac-
ceptance fonn gave me pause in 1992, 
but I ended up putting my social secu-
rity numberon it because I was afraid 
that if it wasn't filled out completely 
my admission might be voided. How 
many incoming SlUdents each year 
are similarly intimidaled7 To make 
amends. UCSDshould oft'ertogener-
ate a new number for SlUdcnts who 
desire one - free of charge. 

Brown has written to me before 
about his statrs pal concern for 
student privacy. but I find it difficuh 
to believe. I know, by personal c0m-
munication, of two violations of 
the Family Educational Rights and 
Privacy Actthathaveoccurredwilhin 
the jurisdiction of his office. 

Last academic year a student's 
name and telephone number were 
published contrary to that student's 
requesa to not have lhiII information 
released. The studeriI pursued this 
matter with the U.S. Department' of 
F4Icatio!l. which nded against UCSD. 
In response, UCSD promised to 
modify its procedure. This year, the 
same thing happened to another sIu-
denl. 

When Franklin Roosevelt est» 
lished the social security system, he 
was proud that "no damn politician" 
would be able to dismanrle it Back 
then, few people understood theeven-
tual rami fications of this socialist 
machine which enables the tracking 
of every citizen. Today, numbed by 
the Information Age. few give it a 
secondthought. KIn Wilson deserves 
kudos for keeping his eyes open. 

MIabew Belmonte 

Slackers, Hacks and Pundits: 
We want your WOrdse 

For more infonnation call the Guardian 
534-6580 

TENSION 
HEADACHE 
RESEARCH STUDY 
A research study comparing two welH!ltabllshed paln 
medicines Is belna conducted under the direction 01 a 
UCSO faculty member. 

.,'! ' • 

QuAUf1lD PAIITICIPANTS WUJ. Rf.cfJV[: 
.6 A free medical examination .6 Free medication 
.6 A free stopwatch and timer .6 A $SO payment 

Ulnterested please call 297.9169 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELD & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAIUN E 

..... ,~ , ! • ! I [l 

HoBday, February 7,1994 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 1 

RALLY: Students of 
color present their 
proposal to chancellor 
ContInued from ,... 1 
tion only perpetuates the problem." 

Greg Akili, acommunity activist, praised 
the coalition for its efforts in pressuring the 
administration to create a cross-cultural cen-
ter. "You have got to protest. You have to 
stand up. You have got to challenge Mr. 
Atkinson," Akili said. 

"And in the end, Mr. Atkinson will be 
here, not because he thinks it's right, but 
because you'll drag his ass out." Akiliadded. 

After the rally, the students marched to 
the chancellor's office and presented a pe-
tition and letters of suppon to Associate 
Chancellor Tracy Strong, Strong met for a 
few minutes with coalition representative 
Poncho Guevara and announced that the 
administration would meet again with the 
coalition on Feb. 14 to discuss the proposal 
for a cross-cultural center. 

'This is being taken very seriously," 
Strong told the crowd. 

According to Strong, the proposal cuts 
across four areas of the university. For that 
reason, the chancellor must consult with the 
vice chancellors of business, student and 
academic affairs as well as the chair of the 
Academic Senate. The three vice chancel-
lors and the Academic Senate chair will 

------_.-

meet to discuss the proposal with Atkinson. 
Guevara said that he was pleased with 

the effectiveness of the rally. "It communi-
cated a lot of information. It expressed the 
hopes and aspirations of the cross-cultural 
center. It was a significant show of force," 
he said. 

Guevara, a Warren College senior and 
coalition member, added that funding for a 
cross-cultural center should not be a con-
cern for the university. 'There's a signifi-
cant amount of capital resources available 
to the chancellor. No one ever asks where 
the money will come from for an engineer-
ing building," Guevara said. 

The development of across-cultural cen-
ter has been the focus of many students and 
faculty since 1984, when the administration 
began planning the development of the Price 
Center, which then included an "Intercul-
tural Center." In 1989, the Price Center 
opened without the proposed center. 

From 1989 through 1993, various orga-
nizations made three different proposals for 
a new center; each was rejected. Along with 
UC Santa Cruz and UC San Francisco, 
UCSD isone of the few campuses in the UC 
system that does not have some son of 
cross-cultural center. 

Last quaner, the Cross Cultural Center 
Coalition formed to develop the latest pro-
posal fora new center. 'This time, we're not 
going to let [the proposition] fail," Guevara 
said. 

- - ---

Read it 
Love it 
Obey it 

AIpIirI 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda HvUl.Ii~bu--l\\1 
............. Isuzu Acura OlIn,.,., ... 

Minor Tune Up Special $24 ~rag . $55) 
1. Spark plugs Our III". up includetla lot mote than othenJ. "includes: 
2. DiItrIbutor points 6. Adjust dMII angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. COlldll.... 7. Check brakeI damages 
4. Adjust TIming 8. Check dutch 11 . Check cooling system & holes 
5. Check and raplenish all ftuid 9. Check lights 12. Road 18st 

and 0II181111s 

35-point Major Service Special $64* 
Extra for fueI.injecttId. Our major line up 1(ICIudes: (reg. $150) 

1. CorIIpIWIIcI i ... 
2. v .. ~ 11. is timing 20. Lube fIanI end 21. ChedI end IWCNrge 
___ : 12. diMllfangie 21.ChedI&,.,1I'1I1 1IIIIIr*,~_ry 
3.V .. ___ 13. caIbInIDr tkIId&oI",* 2II.~tnI(.~ 
4. SeMI pligI 14. IIIr & fulllIIIio 22. ChedI eIIcIraIlysIIIm 30. ChedI *-= 5. DilllldlipoInII. mixan 23. CIIICk IDr IooIe & IoIIt 31. Lube door 
6. Condllllln. 15. i ItIerIng box boItI 32. ChedI .. 
7. All .. , 16. ckIIch 24. Chedt tnMI 33. Chedt cooing sysI8m & 
8. 01... 17. bI1NI 25. Chedt cUcII '-
II. OM 1IIIIr. IIId 18. _glney IQkea 28. ChIck IIghII 34. OIIdII.haJst sysllm 
10. Englnlall 111.~&ldIUIIepoIId 27.~ 35. RoIdIBSt 

Complete $164 * 
Clutch Job 

1 .~ __ .... ( ... _, 2. __ 

,.a.. .. 4.n.-.... 
I ............ 
..... _11 7. __ ---

.......... 

... ... --

--

Brake Job $39* 
Special (l1li.$80) 

FrtWrxfNf. ""'/Db"': .. ___ ..-1._,-___ -- .. "..._,,_,_ 
-- --
2.DIIIo .. _.... 1 ..... ___ '" 
1 ........ ..,.....,... -._, 4............... .. __ 

Timing Belt Special $99* 
Inn ... ,arts. AlII ...... IPeellll on .... Inn. All our won 1111 I 2·"lr or 

a,_mli. 1I.1tH .. ..,...,. All "rca Includ. ,arts In' liitor. 
...... OYIIseas 

1211 .... nlpll.1 
V 8008 Miramar Rd. 
!!!k 695.1990 

...... E .... __ 
CtIIIDr .......... .. 

A CALL FOR 
CULTURE 
While speakers like History 
Professor David Gutierrez (right) 
addressed the crowd at Thursday's 
noontime rally, Revelle College 
junior Grace Duenas (above) signed 
a petition of support for the Cross 
Cu]tural Center Coalition's 
proposal. The petitions were 
presented to the chancellor by 
members of the coalition. 

::-Ssional and 
natrno ...... " 

5IW1'S AlE: . 
Mon.-1hun. 6-9 pm • Sat 12-3 pm • .... 11-2 ancI2:30-5:30 pm 

Call 535-1433 for more info 
« visit 711 UnMnity CenMr, 2nd Roor, 

(abo¥. Outback~, behind the new VISUal Arts Building, 
next to Fifth CoIege) to 61 out an appIicaIionl 



8 NEWS The UCSD GuardilUl 

ROTCoXTBE 

I T HAS BEEN OVER A YEAR since the Committee on Education Policy (CEP) ruled that the Reserve Of-
ficers Training Corps (ROTC) 
program would be discontinued 
at UCSD, and that remaining 
ROTC students would no longer 
receive academic credit for their 
participation in the program. For 
those who remain in ROTC at this 
campus, dwindling numbers are a 
fact oflife as they continue through 
their college careers. 

"Our [unit] is getting a lot 
smaller," said Marshall College 
junior Nathan Nonon, a panici-
pant in the Naval ROTC (NROTC) 
program. "It used to be about 200, 
and it is down to about 130-125, 
so it's dropped a lot. It's just sad 
but that's the way it ' s going to go 
- getting smaller." 

As a "crosstown enrollment 
school," UCSD students were al-
lowed to participate in the San 
Diego unit of ROTC by attending 
classes and drill instruction at a 
"host" university, either San Di-
ego Slate University (SDSU) or 
the University of San Diego 
(USD). As part of this agreement, 
the UCSD administration was un-
der no financial obligation to the 
host universities for their enrolled 
students' panicipation in the Pf'O": 
gram. 

The majority of UCSD stu-
dents who remain in the ROTC 
program are members of the Na-
val ROTC, which is headquar-

A year after UCSD ended its affiliation with the ROTC 
program, students are coping with declining membership 

tered at USD. Both NROTC stu- au ARDIAN Everson said. 
dents and administration mem- FERTURES Biology Professor Douglass 
bers attribute last years' cancella- Smith, who served as CEP chair 
tion at UCSD to a joint decision when the decision was made to 
by USD and SDSU, who act as discontinueROTC,saidCEPhad 
host universities for ROTC pro- been discussing the role of mili-
grams. tary science at UCSD at the time 

''That decision [to cancel] was bers believe that the students will that the host universities made 
not made by the Navy. It was be the ones to suffer in the long their decision todiscontinue their 
made by USD and SDSU, respec- run. "I thought it was hurting stu- relationship with UCSD. 
tively," said NROTC Public Af- dents more than anyone else. I CEP made its ruling at a time 
fairs Officer Lt. Bradley think there are lots of students of heavy budget constraints, and 
Roberson. who want to come into a Navy Smith said the committee saw 

ROTC: What It'. 
All About 
Students in the Naval ROTC 
keep a rigorous schedule of 
class and drill sessions for 
the four years that most 
participate. All students are 
either on four-year or three-
year full scholarships which 
provide payment for tuition 
and books . 

UCSD is certainly not the only Office, and they would have liked more benefit in continuing to fl- • NROTC .... d.nts commute 
university whose agreement has to attend UCSD," said Lt. James nance programs other than to USD twice a week to take 
been dissolved in recent years. Gilliam, an assistant administra- ROTC. He added that the deci- classes in topics such as 
According to NROTC Executive tor at the USD Naval ROTC. sion can be reversed if a signifi- navigation, naval history and 
Officer, Commander Kenneth Many students involved in cant amount of support is behind engineering. 
Marra, in the last few years there ROTC programs chose UCSD ROTC. .0. '....a.,., students 
has been an increasing trend in because they could choose to ma- "If at any time there was a participate in a drill session, 
canceled agreements between host jor in certain academic programs group of faculty that wanted to In which they either have 
universities and their crosstown while taking their military sci- re-establish ROTC, then any in- marching drills or · Profes-
affiliates in the NROTC. ence classes at a host university. terested students could work with sional Laboratories,· which 

"Nationwide, a number of Revelle College junior Chris- them to effectively start the ball teach leadership skills. 
crosstown schools are going tina Everson, an Urban Studies rolling," Smith said. • For.,.. out of the four 
down," he said, citing as an ex- andPlanningmajorandthree-year Warren College junior Mat- summers of the program, 
ample the termination of cross- NROTC scholarship recipient, thew Conner, who is on a three- NROTC students go on Naval 
lown programs between UCLA said she chose UCSD for two ma- year scholarship in the NROTC, cruises to prepare them for 
and other schools. jor reasons. .:iI\id thal s&lWC8IIeftC . active duty after graduation. 

According to Marra, there are Everson wanted to be in San pants over the last few years has • At .... 114 IIIC of their 
a number of reasons for the disso- Diego because it is a "major hub" changed some aspects of ROTC. senior year, ROTC students 
lution of agreements, including for the Navy, and she preferred Presently, 21 men and women file their preferences for 
university budget cutbacks and the academic system here to the are on NROTC scholarships at community assiinments. 
the general downsizing of the systems at the other tWO universi- UCSD. Upon graduating they attend a 
Navy in recent years. These trends ties in San Diego. "When 1 was freshman, I think training school for the commu-
may lower the priority of funding "Personally, I haven't been af- there were about 40-45 midship- nlty to which they are as-
programs at crosstown schools, fected by the cancellation, but I men [term for NROTC partici- slCned and serve the rest of 
especially in times of budget con- feel badforlhosepeople who were pants) at UC and riaht now I their commission on active 
straints. interestedincomingtoUCSDlasr think we're down to about 20," d~. 

As for the cancellation of year and couldn't. They're the Conner said. "We'rejustlcindof _.b. c.nu.o. M.DaI .. 
UCSD's program. ROTC mem~ ones who are feeling the impact." See ROTC. Pece 12 New. EdItor 

_ !!Iatn. Gamapo, • S.oolate .... ad,,,, 

IIoDday. February 7. 1994 

BUDGET: A.S. 
will fund eligible 
student organizations 
CoMIaued ........ 1 

A sec:ood rouodoflarinp will 
begin Tuesday for approxiinately 
six orpniwioDS - those newly 
formed and those noc initially DOli-
tied of the bearinp. 

A year 810, the California State 
Supreme Court ruled that student 
organizalions which were politi-
cal, religous or ideologic:al in na-
ture could not be funded with man-
datory student fees. When the U.S. 

RESEARCH: 
Early climate reports 
may be premature 
ContInued from .... 1 
10 years probably were less dra-
matic and may have been regional 
rather than global. 

The experiments involved dig-
ging a .two-mile-thick core of ice 
from the Greenland ice sheet. then 
determining the ratios of two types 
of water, each made of isotopes of 
oxygen. 

Formerly, scientists believed 
that the ratio of the two isotopes is 
a direct reflection ~f atmospheric 
temperature at the time moisture 
fell as snow over Greenland. A 
higher concentration of the heavier 
of the two isotopes, oxygen (18), 
was thought to indicate warmer 
temperatures, while a lower con-
centration was thought to indicate 
colder temperatures. 

The new SIO study, however, 
indicates that the ratio is also de-
pendent on several other factors, 
Charles said. 

''The exact isotope concentra-
tion in Greenland precipitation will 
depend on where the moisture i.s 
coming from, how much has been 
distilled along the route, and how 
cold the area is that it traveled 
over," Charles said in a recent SIO 

Supreme Court upheld the deci-
sion in October, University of Cali-
fornia student governments were 
left sc:ramblin, to develop new 
guidelines to fund orpnizations. 

The SOFEB held preliminary 
heariDP, during which most org. 
nizadons were found to beeligible 
for funding. Those that did not 
pass the preliminary hearinlS were 
able to appeal the decision for a 
full screening process. 

Last quarter, the A.S. estab-
lished SOFEB to review each or-
ganization and determine which 
were still eligible to receive fund-
ing. SOFEB made its decisions 

press release. "This makes the re-
lationship between isotopes and 
temperature very complicated and 
raises the possibility that many 
different parts of the climate sys-
tem could be involved in creating 
the Greenland isotope shifts." 

The international research team 
panicipating in the project includes 
David Rind of Columbia Univer-
sity and the Goddard Institute for 
Space Studies, Jean Jouzel of the 
Laboratoire de Modelisation du 
climat et de l'Environment in 
France, Randy Koster of NASA's 
Goddard Space Aight Center and 
Richard Fairbanks of Columbia 
University'S Lamont-Doherty 
Ea.'1h Observatory. 

Scientists have theorized that 
observed shifts in the ratio of oxy-
gen (18) and oxygen (16) found in 
layers of Greenland ice relfected 
air temperature swings triggered . 
by changes in circulation patterns 
in the North Atlantic Ocean. 

According to the theory, a sort 
of conveyor mechanism carries 
warm water from the tropics to-
ward the North Pole. Climate fluc-
tuations are believed to occur when 
this "conveyor belt" suddenly 
switches on or off, causing sudden 
shifts in North Atlantic tempera-
tures. 

But general-circulation model 
experiments conducted by Charles 

The UCSD Guardia 

based upon guidelines from the 
UC Office of the Presidenton what 
consrituted a political, religious or 
ideological organization. 

Student organization budgets 
had been frozen since the begin-
ning of Winter Quarter, while 
SOFEB held its hearings. During 
the four weeks of hearings, stu-
dent organizations were unable to 
use or request any A.S. fundin& to 
pay for their events. 

UCSD was the first UC cam-
pus to comply with the Smith rul-
ing and resume funding the oper-
ating budgets of its student orga-
nizations. 

and his colleagues indicate that 
the North Atlantic conveyor belt 
mechanism is only part of the story. 
Using a computer model that 
breaks the globe into a grid system 
to simulate past climate conditions, 
the team of researchers traced the 
routes moisture would have taken 
to reach Greenland. 

The experiments showed that 
the oxygen isotope shifts are sig-
nificantly influenced by moisture 
that evaporated from the Pacific 
Ocean and traveled in storm sys-
tems across nonhero ~anada. 

Funhermore, the results sug-
gest that the oxygen isotope shift 
may have been a product of atmo-
spheric conditions unique to the 
glacial period, in which case the 
isotope shifts may have little or no 
relevance to the possibility of cli-
mate change in the near future, 
Charles said. 

According to Charles, only one 
correct view has yet to have a sig-
nificant bearing on how suscep-
tible the globe as a whole might be 
to sudden changes in climate. ''The 
conveyor-belt mechanism has a 
global infl uence," he said. "If the 
ice core results are telling us that 
the conveyor turned on and off 
wild ly in the past, then that would 
imply that the planet could be vul-
nerable to unpredictable changes 
in temperature in the future." 

Guardian News Writers' Meeting 
Tonight at 5 p.m. 
Come or the News Editor will be madder 
than a rabid monkey ... 

Men's & Women's 
Includes cut , 
blow dry & shampoo 
Ask/or Tina or Teri. Mon.-Sat. 

0IIm .. 1Id ..... _ only. bp. 2nIV94. 

<:~11VE.Curs 
HAIR & NAILS CraIIft.,. ............ 

6780 MIramar Rd.llOS 
w..1k-ins ~ • lot·F 1~7, Sal. 9-4 

~51Q:Q59!L 

MAlE IImErt • EVERY MMDAY h.r __ ~~~;",;"~::--",, Doors open 8 pm, showtime 8 pm 
,........."., It (;::;l 
...,...,.,.,. ~, 

"Rope a stud ,nd /If's yours" 
"."",.,,,.,,,, ,..... 

Drink sptQM with co/legllD • mus' bt 21 

'''lIIIIII ECIIIIJ ~ , 
mID IlIOIIIU live 
EmJ 10 COVEll, S1 .51'" 
WV' •• ," UVlIIIOW • DAIICE 

.... IIWIOIIIIIIEIII 
1IItI. 0If 01 rts. 805, 163, 15. iIld 52'" 27t-lM.1IIVP m-7JZI 

Part·time 

Product-Sensitive 
Individuals Sought: $ Paid 
HlIve you been troubled by unpleiilSiilflt relICtion, to sunscreens, 
lInti·perspirllnts, fiilCilll moisturizers, iilCl1e prePllrlltions or Retin·A? New 
skin are ruurch c:omPllDY, Ioated iildjacent to ampus, seeks women 
who hiiIve hiild problems with any 01 these prOduct ateaories, and men 
who have hiiId problems with sunscreens, acne 
preparations of Retin·'\' to test new, non-irrillltina 
products. Earn ~ to S200 for 3 hours of work over 
5 weeks, if you qualify. 

CoImfrMm ljt;/IntJItJgit 
c..u 111-717' ...... 
L-_im_~ ___ M' t_C_b_~ __ a_~ __ i_n_~ ______________ !:~~~~~ ___ J 

NEWS 9 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456 -BREW 

College IDlproof of age requi red. 

Considering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~U 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make ~ure your project looks its best when you 
turn il in. And since you' ll probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a gocxl thing we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Vi lla La Jolla Dr. (near Ralph ) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamel Avenue 

483-1852 

C S D 

bike 
s H o p 

BIKE 
every '93 in stoe 

Tune Ups now $30 
funn<nyHS 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 



10 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
~1idIy 

• 8Lm.~:3Op.m. Mon.·Thurs., ILm.-3p.m. Fri. -
llIeOA.-UnguIIge ....... povtdeI."'.'FCe 
10 ...... whole IIIIIw IInguIgI II filii EngllrtlIIICI 
10 fIoIedolng'work In French, o.mw., ...... , RuI-
...... Speni8h • .nd 'JIMI_. A~t.II on 
wrIIIIn EngIIh is aYIIiIIIbIe on rlqUlll. c.l534-2284 
for morelnlorrnMlon. Student Center, BIdii. A, 1214. 
• lLm.~:3Op.m., Mon.·Thur1I., Ila.m.·12p.m., FrI.-
llIe OASIS Sc:hoWe' Wrtdng WorUhop proWl .. 
fr .. individual and group cornrencw 10 UIiIt "". 
MIlls wIIh writing prcjec:t8. SWN aIIo oIIarItr .. word 
proceeaIng facilltlw IIIld computer 1IAist8nce. Stop 
by York Hal '4070 or CIIII 534· 7344 to rcheduIe ... 
appointment. 
• h .m.·4:3Op.m. Mon.·Thurl., h.m·12p.m., FrI. -
Let OASIS Study ....... II.ment CenW help you .. 
qUllter with lime menagemem, noteI8klng .nd edit· 
ing, textbook anaIyaIr, memory, flexible/speed rNd· 
ing, vocabulary development, .nd GRE/LSAT/MCAT 
verbal comprehension. Slop by York Hall 401 0 or cal 
534·7344 kl set up. personal rppoIntrnent. AIIIO, stay 
on !he lookout for those valuable OASIS Siudy Skills 
Workshops and !he GRE Weekend Spedals. 
• Ba.m.·4:3O p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center is 
a free service for at UCSD students. We oller one to 
one writing conferences for any type of writing 
project- academic papers, personal st.tements, 
even stories and poems. Our staff of trained under· 
graduates, who come from a variety of academic dis· 
ciplines, can help you become a more ef!ectiYe writer. 
Call 534·2284 to make an appointment or drop by 
our office in the old Student Center, Building A, room 
2t4. 

Monday, Feb. 7 
.10a.m.- Tr8f1llerr~ntry Studenta - Comm. 
of Marshall College meets at Dean's Conference rm. 
at the Administration Building . 

Thursday. Feb. to 
• 11 · 11 :50a,m, - Memory TechnlquI. - Prereg· 
istration is recommended. OASIS Study Management 
Center, York Hall 4010. 534·7344. Free, 
• 1 :30p.m, - Intlm.llon.1 Summer Opponunl-
tIrr Information SruIon - Find CIA about !he many 
study, internship and work abroad options available, 
International Center Conference Room Sponsored 
by the Programs Abroad Office, 

LECTURES 
Wednesday, Feb. 9 

• 4p.m, - NroneIDIogIeI to DIKwr EttIaI __ 
an s..grry forthr I..IIIcrbqConlc**llWlnr- "The 
Lakeberg Conjoined Twins: The Medical, Ettlical and 
Media (Mis?) Management,' Is ttle topic of UCSD'. 
Whitehill Colloquium in Biomedical Ethics at ttle 
UCSD School of Medicine. Jonathan Murasku, M.D., 
assistanl prof8880r of neonatal· perinatal medicine at 
Loyola University, Chicago will speak in Llebow AIJ· 
ditorium, second floor of ttle Basic Science Building. 
The coloqulum Is frH and open to !he public 

Thursday. Feb. to 
.12p.m. - The Eltlnic Stud .. Department pr-u 
Don Luke, Department of Black Studies, San Diego 
City College , MAfrle.n Pr .. lnce In Early 
Scandlnavl •. " Rm 3415 Lit. Bldg, 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
On-going 

.-Intwnted In knowing your ntnr .. levrl? Get 
a frH fltlllA _ment at Student Health. Sign up 
for an appointment on ttle second IIoor of Student 
Health today. In just 45 minutes, you'll find out how 
fit you really are. . 
• Tues. thru Mon, l1a,in,·1 p.m. - Play it safe ttlil 
Valentine's weekend , It's Condom Awar," ... 
Willi, so stop by the Price Center for your FREE 
"condom·mint: You can win a prtz.1f you guess the 
correct number of condoms Inside the 'Heart of 
Condoms" boxl 

MoncJ.y. Thursday 
• Mon ./Wed., 11-11 :50a,m & 1· 1:50p.m,: Tue • .r 
Thurs., 12·12:5Op ,m. - Fltwalk - Fitness walking 
program sponsored by Student Health Advocates 
(SHA). Starts January 18. Meet at !he Sun God. Frill 
All levels welcome. Bring a friend . (WH/IIy) 
n Mon., 2p.m.: Tues., lOa.m. & lp.m.: Wed., l1a,m, 
& lp.m ,; Thurs, , 1 Oa.m. & lp.m. - Why pay money 
10 go to Planned Parrnthood when you could come 
to SHS'. Women'. Canicll Come 10 a Wonwn·.In, 
tonn.tIon SrwIon where you can tr.n about blrItI 
control , STDI, Brealt Self·Exam, and the pelvic 
1XIm. Health Ed . Rm., 2nd IIoor of SHS, 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Monday. Feb, 7 

• ~.m. - o.t Involved with cultul1ll..-.-
and undeneMcintl R.wIIe'. Cultural Aww'_ 
Network (CAN) meets weekly II RiYrIIe Commuter 
Lounge. {wHk1y} 
n Sp.m. - Thr Studrnt !nvIroI_ .... AcIIon eo.-
IItIon (SEAC) meets weekly MondIyIII51n the Stu· 
dent 0rgrnIzrtI0nr Room above the Food Co-Op, 
Help with Earth Dry, recyclng, -uv poIicIeI, rnvI-
rOllm.ntal juItIca, andangered rprciII, IIICI ".,., Ida. 
you might hrYI. (weekly) 
• Sp.m. - w-t •• ~ c......-Coma 
_ wtIaI Will. rllIIIOut! NrfOtrtI WIICome. YoIur\. 
trrrs WIfIIed. WAC, net 10 Soft ~. {WIeIrIyJ 
• 7p.m. - CIrdr K 1nIrmatIonaI- MeltIng., hrId 
It Gallery B In the Price Cent.. (WNIrfy) 

Tuna.ty, Feb. B 
• 12p.m. - AA Mrrting - Room 1208, Biology 
building .t MUIR campur, (weeIdy) 
• 3:3Op,m. - T'nd of nmi1g aIanr? Nred rome motI-
YaIion? Come join the SocIal Rurv*Ig Dub, T UIIIday 
and nu.day III 3:30pm and &niay III 101m. '" IewiI 
MIoomr. MellIllIhrSun God, Free. Cal Jart.a MIr1dI 
497·5020 for morl inIo.~ 
• 6p.m,·7p .m, - Second meeting of MConcrmrcl 
Studrnt •• • • new organization formed to Incr_ 
awarllllA of ri.ing tuition coat • . Meats In ItIr River· 
rIda Room (by 24·hour Itudy toung • . ) EIIIryOO.'. 
wrIcomel 

The UCSD CunIiaa 

• 7:30p.m. - caw. ....... ' till UC8D ..... 
........ c:WI, wII be rhowing lAgrnd of .. o.tac-
lie HrnIaa, Tanali ~. _ morel Pwearat Hal 
101. For more "*', C11115I7...,. 
• 7:30p.m. - PuIIIIc a,..kIng Club mrating. 
......... Hal 104; _mambrrs wrIcoma. 

~Feb.9 
• 4:3Op,m. -1!xparIaI_ AbIaad Club -lnerrna-
tionaI Center eo. ..... 1CI Room. Studara who hha 
bran 1IbroIId, • wall. U-1nIar1llld In ... r. •. 
naIionaIlICpIrianca, III ancourrgad to aItend . 
• 3p.m. - WIdu,_ Qub - BIiJ\tMJ*." !MIg, 

~ biking. iac:II cirIMig. *- E\wyonI wrIDamr4 
Mart IIbI:Iyr KSDT iI c*l8UIanI cnrr. ~ 
• 8: 15p.m, - MatchIaaa 8prakara - fToutmas· 
tars Club 13833) MIIIChIaaa Sprakers, • Toutmrr· 
tars 8pIIIcIng c:WIlor lingle. p;oIaIsionaI norHmOk· 
I,. meet. at Hlndquartl,. R •• t.ur.nt .t 7040 
MIramar Roed. brIWaan I~ and 1·15 in thr GoIdrn 
TrllflglWMw-•• of San OlIgo. For 1nformrIIon, 
pIeue call Uz II 571·5012. (wHk1y) 

• 7p.m. - Mtlw StucIrnta for AIDS ~ 
(ASAP) wi. meet In the Price Center. AM EDNA lor 
exact location. Please join UI. (weekly) 
• 7p.m, - Open DlrcuaaIon for OIly ancIBlraurl 
Mm. - Student Center Bldg. B Conf. Room, Spon-
sored by LGBA. {weBIl1y} 
• 9p.m. - Harctcorr Student Film Club MaatInt 
- All major. and IevrII of exprrirncr invited. Mret· 
ing. are in ttle Media Center (MCC) studIor. (wNIdy) 

TlNnday. Feb, 10 
• Sp,m, - Studrnta Supporting Equality lind Ac-
crptancr (SSEA) wit rponsor • general meeting to 
discuss upcoming -.II In the Berkrley room 10-
crted in the Price Cent •. 
• 5:t5p.m. -Warren Commutrr CommlttH-
Coml _ what'. going on at UCSD & Wilrrrn. MeII· 
ings in !he Wllren CoIrge Student ActIYitIeI Center, 
CSAC. (weBIl1y) 
• 6-7p.m. - BrNIIlnto Hollywood - Academy of 
Artl and Scirncft Intrmlhlp affrrr opportunllirlln 
directing, scrlptwriting, music, etc. If you are Inter· 
ested In working in !he television industry, attend our 
info. meeting, Carolyn Pang will be ttlerl to rpeak 
about her experiences u Academy's 92 PR Intem, 
• Sp.m. - Catholic Community Thurrd8y Night 
Dinner - Only $21 Located In the CaIhoIic lounge at 
the UniYerIity Lutheran Church, across the Itrret from 
Revelle CoIIegI . (weekly) 

Friday. Feb. If 
• 12p.m. - AA MartIng - Room 1208, Biology 
butlding at MUIR campus. (weekly) 

EVENTS AND 
RECREATION 

MondoIy·Sunday 
• A FrbNary-March IJIhibIIion Will celabrlll thr r. 
cent publication of -An Improbrllil ..,......, ..... 
tory of the UnIverrIty of c.tIfornIa. San DIego.-
Both -.II wit be hrId In thr UnIYIrIIIy UbrIry at 
UCSD. llIe .lChIbIIIon, which incIud ... number of 
phoIogrrphllllullreting the hIIIory of UCSD, " dil-
played in the library'. main IIoor axhIbItIon gaiIerIaI. 
The public is wrIcoma 10 view the axhIbII during N· 
bnuy hours, 

~y 
• W.lklng tour. of tit. UCSO c.mpul con· 
ductld by ttle Studrnt Outr.ach .nd Recruitmenl 
OfficI (SOAR) .r. now .vallabl. at 11:00 AM 
Monday through S.turd.y. Thl eo·mlnutl tour, 
conducted by. studrnt guidI, !S dralgned to giva 
vl.itor •• Illtl of thl academic and socl.1 fI.vor 
of UCSD'. undlrgradu.t. colleges, Immadl.tlly 
following thl tour, at .bout 12:30 PM, prolpre· 
live rtudent •• re invited to aHend • genlral In· 
form.tlon .... ion conductld by • SOAR oul· 
rllch officer. Thl onl·hour prllentation rrvlrwr 
Ihe dllfrr.nce •• mong UCSD'I flvl colllg •• , 
whlll .1.0 covlring admillion rrquirementr and 
.upport .rrvic .. lor .tudlnt • . Rlllrv.tlonr .,1 
Incour.gld by calling 534·1835. Vlrltorl rhould 
m.lt outlldl thl SOAR offiCI, loc.tld on the 
upplr IlvI' of Ihl Studlnt Crnllr, Building "B," 

nert )'SuI*)' 
.t2.fp.m.-UClaP ......... ) C • 
N- I n ............ - ...... _ .... 
hd~2DIIII~.,..hIIIi'_ 
~ .. ,..,...,...·1M\~'iIiiIfi·,,..Jf .. 
~tlnlcud ....... ~ ... "''' .. .... 
,., .... , •• OId1Da "..~ ....... _ 
... ~ ~._ CDIIlIMd ........... . 
AtlMIDIIIic&o •• pilllpllllllb ................ .... 
tI ...... ~ClNJilallo.r .. lINmIVaIa-.... 
IhJMI iI ... llHllllliI ........... 0rIriy1orn Jrn 15· 
,.,.11. 

w.NIdIy. Feb. II 
• Nlp.m. -11Ia ..... Of AfrICII- Coma .;oy 
fr .. FOOD, MUSIC AM) DANCE from AfrIca. 5th 
RaJ. Hall Quad. 5pcInacnd by Mulll-Cultural SIudanI 
Network, FCC. ICRA & FAB. 

Tluwday. Feb. 10 
.4-8p.m. - .......... fllrM ........... aMIcw ... r 
....... -1'rUi4_ • ., .. fnoliorInnrIS&dIr 
nnr"rprIk F1I6w1i, ..... HllDornr ~ .. ) 

IIhll&,.Iion by Mlraas Lobbil/GMlU'diaIl 
, 

• 7:30p.m. -8aItrja Yoga MrdItatIon ProgrMt -
Comr axparIrnce the Inner-prrce and joy of the 

Spirl through MediIaIIoi I. In MrdIIation • perIOfI ..... 
thr statr of "thoughllallawarenns," where the mind 
istr .. from !he constant bombardment of Ihoughtl. 
5IfI Frrncilc:o/SrrU Cruz Room. Second ftoor, Price 
Center. Fr .. , Call 546-9379 lor mor.lnIormaIion. 

SUnday. Feb. '3 
• - Fraa tour. of UCSD •• ohr.cI wary Sundry 
this WInt. by the UCSD VIrIIcn Program, Mlnl-YM 
tourr III .vaillble the tnt IllClIhid Sundays of each 
month, starting at 3:00 PM from thr GIman lnforma-
tion Pavilion. WalkIng un .. oIrrad on aItama-
IIYI Sunday., .110 starting at 3:00 PM from ttl. 
Gilman Pavilion. A portion of .,. famed Stuart C0l-
lection of outdoor sculpture 1I1ncIudrd. Although the 
tour II free, thrre II a rNnimII UCSD PIIIIIng fee. 
Reservsllonr .. n--rv IIIld may be rNIde by 
caling 534-4414. 

CAREER SERVICES 
T~y·Frlday 

• 1 :~:3Op.m. - Drop-In AdVIaIng Hours - For 
help with carMI goaII, job hunting, raawna prepara. 
tIon or IKpIoring prafaraIonrI or graduaIr rchooI OJ)-
portunIIIrr. No ~ nwdrd. JurI walk In. 
.MENTOR -~ IllllquMIr IllCljOtHIIk-
Ing? Wa'. match you with • proIaraIonaIln yow fIaIcI 
who will II« you IUrtrd natMIkIng In .,. local job 
markeI. SIgn up .. Car_ SaNIoII. 
• 8:Q0.4:OO - Il0l. - CoInpIMr-llMad program 
darIgnrd to help you darIfy your ..... wMr. and 
1ntIrIItI. For _Into, cornalD till c.r.ar SaMcar 
Cantrr.ll0. 

AIonday. Feb. 7 
• 10:3OLm. - ......... Ii .... WorIIaItop -
Laam tM:hnIqurr .-quIred 10 be IUOOIIIfUI In the 
1ntrNIIw~. ear.. Cantrr. ~. 

n.dIIy. Feb.. 
• 11:3Oa.m. -.lilt ...... 101-eo."lIjab_ 
CIfII:IrI .. 1Nd\iwIrrd. 1NI waIIrIIap .. eractI )IOU 
.. mart ..... lIIIWttolndt.n.c..ars-w-. Fraa. 
• 3p.m. - ar..ur.r 1oItDaI1i._ .... , I...ton 
- How to apply _ ........ PlIO IIICI Acadamic 
Marerr'. progr_. ear.. SaMora. Fraa. 
• 7p.m. -lIIullianall ,. ...... In .. work· 
Ittop, you wi! __ yow IaadIrIIip rtyIr IIICI dia-
CUll wryr 10 imprOvI yow IaadIrIIip .".l.Mm 10 
be your moat aIIec:Iiw. 

~Feb. 9 
• t 2p.m, - p,.,.. ... torllldloallcttool - Aca. 
demIc and CIrMr planning for IUIrnts interrItld In 
the mrdIcaI proIareIon. c._ Canter. Fr ... 

TIIInday. Feb, 10 
.' 0:30a.m, -~: """ iIIawIng 8kIIIa for 
!mpIoyInanI - UrIng vieiro, improvr your tach. 
nIquIltIIough pracIIcr lind YMIabIa fMdback, Pre-
raqulrltr: I~ 811 ... Workshop. Sign up at 
Rlferanor Room dark, Car_ Canter. Free. 
• 2p,m, - o...e-a Practloa Intarvtaw' ... tor 
ProtIIrIonaIIQr 1CIItooI-PractIcr on WIao 
and Improve your ..... Sign up at 2nd IIoor dark. 
Car_ SaMcar. Free. 

lIoada" Febl'Ul'J 7, 19M 

,.,.,.,.. ,. 
• 2:JO.4p.m.-"', •• , U ... 11 ........ ., 
-,..... ...... in ................ .,..-
......... IarYECNtc...IInotaa. ...... 
SUPPORT GROUPS 

.....,..~.7 
• 1p.m.·2p.m. - 11.., M:A: MIll CItIIIhn of 

1bI::~D.a'....., ....... -lfyou .. 1IIactad 
by ..... aIcoItaIIam corna join III. SIR. 1UIIiIOrt· 
.... conIdanIIaI, _ ..... Call 753-21 OS for Into or 
JueI rtap byt Price CanIrr Adm., Irvtna Room, 2nd 
floor IIIIcM food court. (WMIrIy) 
• 2:45-3:45p.m. - Adult CItIIdNn of AIooItoIIca 
,.,aIto ! ......... Iuppoft~- .. ibilililioil 
and conlld ... tlai support for .... -..ng .., pa. 
ranIIII aICoIIoIIdrug proIIIamr. lAd by NIncy Iitd KIn, 
UInrd peer c:ounrrIora, MountaIn VIaw Loungr In 
ThurgoocfMar1hall. (wwIdy) 
• 3-4P.m , fIrIr .............. ,.. ...... 1IwM 
«clrugpiablan.,Nrad...--ID.tallclD?CanIdJn. 
IaI oour1IIIIng: Mcri!ue BugIrIn, Alcohol SubrtIncr 
AbUleColnrlar, HSS 2058.~ . ...., 
.H:3Op.m. - ear-. Ground. lad by atrII and 
.10M - A werIcIy, confidential drop-ln group for hal· 
eroraxuaII, 1rcIbians, gays, _ bIMIcuaIr 10 cIiIcUIs 
iuuw of IaUaI orientIIIon. ~ .. weIcomrl Call 
534·3987 for more 1nformaIIon. Marts In thr South 
Confarrnca Room, 51. Ctr. Bldg. B. (Weakly) . 
• 7p.m. - LaabIan OIly 8IaaIIuaI ".r:~IatIon­
Gener.1 Bu.lness Mreting. Woman'. RllOurce 

Cant .. , Coma out and get irNoIvrcI. (wNIdy) 
T~y.Feb. 8 

• 9-10a,m. - II your,.,.,.. an alcoholic. raga-
ahoIlc or drug .w-? Is your own drlnking/ drug 
use Itafting to scare you? Do you talcl CII. of friends 
who use too much? Coma in and talk. Nancy King, 
aIoohoVsubstance abusr peer counsaIor, Werren Lit· 
erature BuIlding, 2nd floor rm. 3247. {lIIINk1y) 
.9-loa.m. - OIly LAaIIIen & BlMxual P_ Coun-
aaIIng WIth JaM- Want ~ to talk to? Have 
• quastlon? Coma by Warrrn Ut. Bldg. 3247 or call 
534-3887 lor an appointment with a trained peer 
counselor. (weaIdy) 

w.ctrwdIry. Feb, 9 
• 1o-11 •. m.Jl1a.m.·I2p.m. - CcrnatallclDbpaer 
CXUiIIIorrupraplrraco arlngtann .... cIIrordrr8 
...... r.-, IIIrIIIrI lid diqMn 1an111tay wi be hrId 
iI HSS, ~ PrO\IIIIt lUllIng, Roam 12D66. ~ 
• 11·12p.m .. - Clay. LaabIan and 81 __ .... 
CounarIIng willi .... - Haw a quaatIon? Nard • 
supportiW anvIronmrnt? Drop by Wlnan Ut. 3250 
or cal 534-3987 for ... IIppCIiI*nant with • trrinrd 
peer counrrIor. (weekly) 
• 7-8:3Op.m. -"' ............ Glyancl ......... 
_. Iuppoft Group - PnMdIng • contIdantIaI 
and IUppOItIvr _liorNnan!. Marts waaIdy In the 
South Conf. Am. In StucIant ear. Bldg. B. lAd by 
MIa M. & Jora. (weekly) 

nu.dIty. ~. 10 
.10-11Lm . ./3-4p.m. - Oarnrtallcto"paer~ 
IorIlarpraplril" ........... -. ., I ....... 
nawty ....... diapinhlual ~wI behrld inHSS, 

~ PIIMIIt BuIdiv. Room I2QI58. ~ 
• 10·11Lm. - ........ CJIIr,- __ .... 
0. ....... ~-wn ...... ,,_to? 
Oarnr "Wrnwi Ll.1Idg. 3M! 0Ic115:M-39871D mrb 
........... , ........ paerCXlU'llllor. ~ 
• 12:30-2:3Op.m. - ,...... WOft'Iad aItout yow 
-. a friend, « ,.,..... drtnIdrtc or *'III "... 
Irma? Don11at .. praIIIft kaap building. Coma In 
and gat ways 10 help or juri talc • cor""""", Nancy 
King, aIcoIIaIlIICI .....,. aIM.- peer counaaIor, 
Argo 104, RavrIIr. (weldy) 
• 4:3O-6p.m. - ..................... WCIIItrn·. 
Support Group - PnMdIng • cor illclantlallIICI ...,. 
portIve rnvironmant. Marts .-y WIlle INIna Room 
2nd IIoor of Price Center. Call 534-3987 for mora in-
formation. {WNIdy} 
• 5-6:3Op.m. - GraduaIIr Qay a ....... 1Ian·. 
Support Group - Coma out In • frIandIy _ oonfI. 
drntIrI atrnorphara. MaltIng werIcIy In !ttl South 
ConI. Rm., Student ear. BuIldIng B. Lad by Milt 
K. t-ekfy) 

Friday. Fe. 11 
.12·1 :3Op,m. - P8n ..... CoInntunIly foNn-
Lad by Jlann. Me_, Mountain VIaw Loung •• 

drop·ln, 
.2-4P.m. -AIooItaIand ••• I,_AIMMI ~ 
- Lad by Dan Munoz. 5304-1571. Cal for appoint" 
manto RavrIIr PnMlelIIdg. 
.3-o4p.m. ,..... ........... yow4IrInIdnC 
MII/or", pralllr_? Nard romaona 10 talk ID? 
Cor iIIdanIIaI oounraIIng: McriIua BugarIn. AIcoItoI 
Subatanca Abu .. Counrelor, HSS 205e, Muir. 
(WMIrIy) 
• 4-8p.m. - c...-... fIonMI- Lad by PhI 
...... ,~ • ........., VIew Lounge. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
n..a.y.~ .• 

• Sp.m. - JoIn .. CIIIIoIIc CommunIty byoallllral-
Ing ..... 11 thr IJnIwrIIy LuIIaran audI. &CrOll 
thr Itrlll from RavrIIr CoIaga, (WeeIdyJ 

~,""'.9 
• &p.m. - ..,., II ..",.. by Ita Urtlwrllly 
L.uIItar-. - ~ .. wrIcoma. LooIIIon: ~ 
Lullaran CtIurctt (8OfOII Ita .... fnMIt RavrIIr 
CoIaga) 
• 8:30p.m. -End yow clay ..... ,..... UCSD 
CIIttaIc CommunIty oaIatIrlllon r:A ...... thr lJnI. 
varaIty LutlWan CtturctI, __ Ita *111 from 
R--. CoIrgr. {weekly} 

naur.drIy.~. 10 
• !!p.m. - JoIn .. CIIIOIIc CommunIty by CIIIbr .. • 
Ing ..... 11 thr UrWarIIIy LutherIfI 0IurdI. &CrOll 
thr Itreet from R.wIIe Collage. (WNIrfy) 

ScnMy.~. 13 
.11: 15Lm., 5,7 .1Ip.m. - Join .. CIIIOIIc C0mmu-
nity by Clllbrllllng ..... at the UnIwrIIty Luther ... 
Church, ICI'OII thl .trrat from RIYIIIa CoIIrg • . 
(WMIdy) 
.10:1~.m. - LuItaran CCIIItIIIUitIon .... -
EWfYGrilIr waIooma. locaIIon: UnIYaraIty I.IMiarIfI 
Church IIICrOII thr Itrret from RavrIIr Collage) 

1Ioada,. F........., 1. 19M 
ROTC: Students 
cope with the 
program's demise 
ContInued fNIn .... 8 
a dying breed around here and I 
think it's sad because I remember 
as a freshman looking forward to 
being a senior and baving a lot of 
other people from UC involved." 

Norton, who is also on the thrce-
year. scholarship. attributes the 
decline of participation to finan-
cial constraints. "With all the cut-
backs. I think my class was the 
first to really feel it." said Nonon. 
adding that he believes this is why 
so many fellow juniors did not 
receive full scholarships, 

Forthe most pan. students have 
been unaffected by the decision to 
discontinue offering credit for 
ROTC courses. 

"The only thing that it's 
changed is that I'm going to have 
to take more classes. just 'dead 
space' classes. in order to get the 
minimum units to graduate." 
Conner said. "Because of the Na-
val Science classes not transfer-
ring.I will have to take some elec-
tive classes to get the credits nec-
essary." 

Warren College senior Mat-
thew Olson. an NROTC member. 
had problems getting credit for the 
naval science classes prior to the 
CEP decision. Olson, a history 
minor, took a course on Naval 

The UCSD Cuardi.n 

history as pan of the curriculum 
for ROTC. but Warren College 
would not give transfer credit for 
it 

"I was kind of upsel. but it was 
only one class, I thought they 
would want to help me Ihrough, at 
least." Olson said. ''They are regu-
laracademic classes. so I don'tsee 
why we shouldn't get credit here." 

Despite decreasing numbers 
and cancellations of programs. 
those who panicipate in ROTC 
say that it offers them many ben-
efits - such as scholarships and 
career opponunities in the mili-
tary - in return for their required 
training and service. 

Upon graduation. both Conner 
and Nonon hope to join the na-

v~1 aviation community, where 
after IWO years of flight school • 
they will serve in active duty as 
officers. The goal of the NROTC 
is getting studenlscommissioned 
inlo one of these warfare com-
munities 'of the Navy. and for 
some students, this is a major 
benefit. 

"( know poli sci majors who 
have graduated and they justcan't 
find work in their field at all. Be-
ing in ROTC, I look at it as having 
a guaranteed job. I don't have to 
go out there looking for a job. I 
already have one as soon as I gradu-
ate. That's definitely a benefit." 
said Conner. a political science 
major. 

" I pretty much don't have to 

nl0re SchOols 
. thaltyou VJere. 

o Vtaa U .•. A. 1ft(!. 1". 

• AIIswer this socioly nonreIevant ad quesIion and win . " . 2 Kit-KDIs. Yea, Ihot's it, two fresh, creamy, chocolaty Kit- • 
• Kotsl QUEST1ON: F"wllwo ....... wIIo ... "., __ .. fill ~, in litis isswI GIld W 01 ...... denis' • 
• .... ".,. wiIft ·z· Best of luck. You can only win onc., Rrst 5 correct answers brought to Michael's desk, not voIicI 
• for Fifth College students, must show UCSD I.D" while supplies last, not voIid with any ~ offer, expires 2-11"94. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

NEWS 11 

worry about tuition or school mao 
terials at all. and after I complete 
school. I bave ajob for sure." said 
Olson. who is finishing up his 
final year of school before head-
ing to Naval dive school in 
Florida. 

Everson. who plans to put in a 
request for assignment to the sur-
face fleet community, praised the 
practical skills that the ROTC pro-
gram has taught her. 'The skills ( 
learn in my classes. such as navi-
gation and how to read maps, are 
skills that anyone mighl need to 
use." she said. "When compared 
with the curriculum of the uni-
versity, which can be more theo-
retical, that provides a nice bal-
ance." 

GREE 
CIISIII Clrl 

LA JOllA ~ DEL MAR I, U 11IIIIr ......... 
11!135 lcMiI c.rDt. SIt. " _ CIIiJi _ RoICI 
558-m1 792-2233 
----------1 FALAFELor 2 $5951 

1 GYROS for : 
LS~~C!l_ ::=~ 

Buy 1 1 
plate, second plate is 1 
HALF PRICE! : 

.!:-~': -:. ~ ~ =1IM..;. .I 
8-oz. $295 1 

I HAMBURGER : &FRIES ~= 1 
----------_ .. 

Greeks! 
Tired of playing too 

much for the same old 
Greek letters? 

Gift ZETAWEAR. all! 

We offer quality double 
satin stildaing 

at an affordable price, 
FuUs.rvict 

to your door! 

~ZETAWEAR~ 
(619)521-8281 
(619)923-0654 
•• iiI 



. . 

12 NEWS 

A: 
What Is your wont roommate 

experience? 

Photopoapha and lat ...... ew. by 
.raaoaCurran 

[lived with this fat guy who ate 
all day long. One week I went 
away to ski, and when [ came 
home all the toilets were 
overflowed. T he police were in 
my house, and the neighbors 
downslairs were suing us for 
damages. Wc got evicted. 

Alisa Daglio 
M8I'Shall Senior 

There were three of us living in 
one room together and one 
roommate had three jobs and 
would comc home at one in the 
morning, and make phone calls 
and turn the lights on. 

Car-los Pelayo 
Warren Junior 

ARE You 
DORINGlY 
HEALTHY? 

Men and women (ages 18-55) 
in excellent physical and 

mentill health needed for a 
RESEARCH STUDY on behavior 

being conducted at UCSD 
School of Medicine. 

Invotvement in the study 
requires approxim,lIely 2-3 
mornings and afternoons 

and tublcct. ire Compe!!Hlcd 
for their time. 

To learn more, call • 
Esther or Stephen al 
552-8585 ext. 3731.' . 

The morning alarm! He was an 
exchange student and we had 
difficulties communicating due 
to a language difference. 

Wei·Lung Sun 
Muir Sophomore 

I was taking a shower and when 
I came out, the door 10 my room 
was locked. I didn't have the 
key, so I had to run across the 
dorm naked, and everybody 
saw. 

- ,'" 

Atif Habibullah 
Revelle Junior 

I had a roommate who would 
wake up after he had fallen 
asleep drunk, walk into the dorm 
closet, close the door, and take 
a piss. Then he would walk out 
and go back to leep. 11 really 
bothered me when it was m}' 
closet. 

Scan Croll 
Fifth Senior 

PllJJB 
ATS: l3lG OL' SUBS 
OOL PUB SNACK' A'J 
REAT PRICES 

DRINKS: MANY NON-
BEER CHOICES & THE 
BEST DRAFT ELEC -

ION OF MICROBREWS 
ND iMPORTS AROUND 

INFO: OPEN MON-FRl 
11 :30am TO MIDNIGHT. 

LL AGES WELCOME. 
RINKERS BRTNG LD. 

The UCSD Guardia. Yoada;. February 7.1994 

you yourown 
a ceandset 

your own hours. 
"Then 

you get 
to prooe 

you're 
worth it." 

- Toni Holem •• , . softu.Wrt 
tllgillm. jointd QUALCOMM 
ill 1991, hiluillg grod .. ttd from 
tht Ullivmity of Illinois lIIith a 

BSEE and all MSCS. Curmr tly, 
sllf'S helping d=lop tmbtddtd 

system softwarr ill support of 
QUALCOMM's COMA 

«II optration. 

VVhat kind of company works like that? 
Find out for yourself. 

Attend a special preview of the QUALCOMM story at 
6:00 PM, February 15, 

Santa BarbaralLos Angeles Rm., Price Center 
the night before our on-campus interviews. 

It's interesting what happenc; when you give extraordinary people an extraordinary amount of 
autonomy and support. 

They innovate like crazy. Then their company takes off and grows like very f~ others have. 
Case in point San Diego's own QUALCOMM. We've gone from 8 employees m 1985 to over 

1,300 today. That makes us one of America's fastest growing high-tech companies. 
It also doesn't hurt to have the company launchro by communications visionaries like Dr. Irwin 

M. Jacobs and Dr. Andrew J. Viterbi. 
The trick, of course, is to keep the entrepreneurial spirit flourishing despite phenomenal growth. 

That's why we give our engineers as much freedom and encouragement as ~ible. This incl~des 
an open door policy company-wide, the latitude to set your own hours, the pnvate space proVided 
by your own office, and more. 

In response, QUALCOMM people have spearheaded many of our industry's most challenging 
technologies. Among them are mobile satellite communication networks, dual mode (analog and 
CDMA) mobile and portable phones, VLSI products, fuU-<:ustom ASIC design, low earth orbit 
satellileti, and more. 

We'll throw in the ocean-free. 
Along wi th a highly stimulating work environment, you'll also enjoy the Southern California 

lifesty le, which features one of America's most temperate climates. And QUALCOMM is less than a 
mile from the Pacific Ocean. 

If you're working towards a degree in Electrical/Electroni~ Engineering, Computer Science, 
Computer Engineering, Math or Manufacturing Engineering, be sure to attend our pedal previ~w 
the night before our on-<:ampus interviews. You may also mail, fax or send us your resume With 
transcript by internet. QUALCOMM, Human Resources, Dept. CS94UCSD (indicate dept. code on 
both cover letter and envelope), 6455 Lusk Blvd ., San Diego, CA 92121. FAX: (619) 653-2102. Internet: 
jobs@qualcomm.com Or call our Jobs Hotline at (619) 550-8888. Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Next generation digital communiaztions. 
And the next. 

Monday, February 7, 1994 

PIIoIo courtesy 
DIAbIed Athlete vA the Year Michael FouIu_ 

The UCS~ Gllardian SPORTS 13 

In Athletics, That '8 All Michael Foulks 
TENNIS ACE: Guardian Ads Manager to be mimed '93 San Diego Disabled Athlete of the Year 
By ...... K. Hutto in 1984 and returned to his hometown of 
Sports Editor La Jolla, where he dabbled in a variety of 

A phone conversation with UCSD sporting ventures and crossed paths with 
GlUlrdian Advertising Manager Michael the Guardian. 
Foulks conjures up images of an average, It wasn't until 1987 that Foulks took up 
active sports fiend with a zest for living life the game of tennis. His life hasn't been the 
to the extreme. same since. 

In an upclose and personal meeting Foulks conquered divisions D, C, Band 
with Foulks, it would take all of two sec- A within one season (1988) and amassed 
onds to realize that this competitor is far six championship titles in his speedy as-
from average. He is an extraordinarily ath- cent up the wheelchaii tennis rankings. 
Jetic sportsman. Today, he ranks third in the nation in the 

On Feb. 10, Foulks will be honored elite open division and ninth in the world. 
with the 1993 San Diego Disabled Athlete "I never could have been where I am 
ofthe Year accolade for his achievements now without the full support of the people 
in the world of wheelchair tennis. at the Guardial/, who allow me ample time 

On July 4, 1983, Foulks, a very active to train and trav~I," Foulks said. 
baseball player and surfer, was inflicted Foulks works out fourtimes a week and 
with a rare stroke in his lower back, confin- travels extensively both nationally and in-
ing him to a wheelchair. ' ternationally. 

Foulks, now 32, wheeled himself During the summer months, he can be 
through graduation ceremonies at UCLA found gallavanting around Europe com-

peting in the International Wheelchair 
Tennis Fedemtion ci rcuit, which usually 
includes 17 tournaments with stops in 
France, Holland. Belgium. England and 
Switzerland. 

In the United States. Foulks has tread 
the tournament courts of Reno, Atlanta. 
Dallas and the revered U.S. Open in Flush-
ing Meadows, New York. 

Foulks currently serves as a wheelchair 
tennis instructor for disabled youngsters in 
San Diego and is the tournament director 
of the San Diego Open WheelchairTennis 
Tournament. He also enjoys racquetball. 
volleyball, archery. surting, over-the· line 
and waterskiing. 

Whenever feasible. Foulks takes to the 
skies. either tlying airplanes (he received 
his private pilot's license in January, 1992) 
or hang gliding. 

No surprise there. NO( even the skies 
can contain Michael Foulks. 

USED 
LEVIS 

Want Som£/hing Special Jor 

~alentine's 
may? COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKEIS 
COSTUMES· 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN· MIUTARY. TUX SHIRTS 

COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH , 
_____ PEN 7 DAYS • 222·0220, ____ ... 

I 
I 
I 
I 

PIZZA • PA STA 
YOII' hoItU '"'''Y from home ",he" ;1 'OltUS to "lJooti oltii"shiDlteti IIftlll. : 

SPAGHETTI include. I 
1451 Garnet, Pacific Beach I (.eross from I TheWhe~houle) 272·2150 I 

! ALL You CAN EAT! $599 : 
D soup or salad 10% :=COU:':::IO INNER ~rliCb"'d I 

I PAY NO SALES TAX E~~ ~Wsf9':POO ' 1 
H ". I \\ \ I 

THE HELEN EDISON LECTURE SERIES 
presents a FREE public lecture 

"Free Speech: Only for the Powerful?" 

Anthony Lewis 
New York Times columnist and 
two-time Pulitzer prize winner 

Wednesday, February 9 
7:00 p.m. 
Price Center Theater 
UCSD Central Campus 

Anthony Lewis travels widely in the U.S. and abroad to 
gather material for his column in the New York Times. Mr. Lewis 
has also covered the Supreme Court for The Times, and been 
chief of its London Bureau. 

In his lecture Mr. lewis will talk about claims that the First 
Amendment is of no use to minorities and disadvantaged groups 
in our society, that indeed they should have protections from 
free speech. 

Mr. lewis is the author of three books: Gideon's Trumpet, 
about a landmark Supreme Court case, Portrait of a Decade, 
about the great changes in American race relations, and most 
recently, Make No Law: The Sullivan Case and the First Amend· 
ment. He has also published numerous articles in legal journals. 

For more information call 534-3400 



14 SPORTS 

UCSD Folled by Zebras 
FOUL PLAY: Suspect officiating doesn't help UCSD in 
84-74 loss at Redlands as poor road perfonnances mount 
ByAron Miller 
Associate SportS Editor 

Playing on the road is never easy. 
regardless of the opponent. Just ask 
UCSD women' s basketball Head 

BRSRET 
,-

Coach Judy 
Malone. With 
only one road 
win this season 
against five 
losses. the T ri-
tons aren ' t 
about to set 
any new marks 
for wins away 
from home. 

BHLL Friday night. UCSD (S-II) took yet 
another shot right in the kisser. this 
time at the hands of the University 
of Redlands Bulldogs. S4-74. 

players collected four fouls apiece. 
including leading scorer Lisa Bea-
ver. 

"We played well. but we couldn'l 
get out of foul trouble." Malone 
said. "As soon as [Beaver] stepped 
on the court she picked up two fouls. 
After awhile we were just seeing 
who would foul out next." 

The game was relatively close 
the entire way. with San Diego nip-
ping at the Bulldogs' heels through-
out. Redlands led by a mere eight 
points at halftime, but had already 
attempted 24 free throws, two more 
than UCSD shot during the entire 
contest. 

The Tritons stayed tough in the 
second half, cutting the Bulldogs' 
advantage to four. But UCSD had to 
resort to playing a zone during the 
entire second half, unable to play 
aggressive man-to-man defense be-
cause of the quick whistles. And 
with Redlands going to the line at a 
rate of more than once a minute, 
UCSD could get no closer. 

The UCSD Guardiu Monday, Febnlary 7,1994 

DISNEYLAND: 
A ColD.I1lie plot to 
invade the earth 
ContInued from .... 20 

Not only do you have to pay $10 
million apiece to get into the place, 
you have to wait an hour-and- a-half 
in line to do so. That'snot my idea of 
the Happiest Place on Earth. 

On top of that, you are not the 
only one stupid enough to perform 
such acts of lunacy. Oh no. the entire 
population of New York and Texas 
combined are right there along side 
of you. This is just the kind of place 
I expect to see Mr. Smith. 

Once you're finally in. you have 
to face lines longer than the San 
Andreas Fault to get on crappy rides 
that last less than five minutes and 
are about as entenaining as poking 
your eyeballs out with a screwdriver. 

Hey.atleastyoucangetEmmi~·s 
autograph while you' re waiting in 
line behind some little girl who is 
saving a spot for 200 of her closest 
relatives. 

Instead of the home team doing 
the runching. though. the guys in 
the striped shirts inflicted most of 
the damage on the road-weary Tri-
tons. San Diego was whistled for 37 
fouls. sending Redlands (10-7) to 
the free throw line 50 times in the 
I O-point loss. Home court referees? 

"Every time we'd start making a 
run, they'd start calling fouls on us." 
Malone said. 

Junior Michelle Henricks poured home 20 poInD In UCSO'. Iou. 

Conclusive evidence proves that 
spending more than two seconds in 
"It's a Small World" causes drain 
brarnage. Can anyone with an IQ 
over that of "moron" exit that ride 
without having maniacallhoughts of 
massacring small children with ar-
mor-piercing bullets? Obviously. 
Emmitt can. "I don't think we got the benefit 

of the officiating." Malone said. 
"The game wasn't consistently 
called. put it Ihat way." 

A quick glance atthe game' s box 
score demonstrates Malone's point 
clearly. Two Tritons. point guard 
Cindy Yamasaki and forward Tami 
Oviatt fouled out. Six other UCSD 

The final free throw stats for the 
Bulldogs were overwhelming: 34 
makes in 50 tries. Individually, Lisa 
Wewers made eight out of II , while 
Leslie Ferguson canned nine of 12. 
San Diego converted 18 of its 22 
freebies. 

Take away the ungodly amount 
of fouls called on UCSD and the 

game was virtually even. The Tri-
tons threw up 15 more field goals 
than the Bulldogs, malting four more. 
and out-rebounded Redlands. 45-
40. 

The last time the two teams met 
back in December. UCSD handled 
Redlandswith linledifficulty.shoot-
ing its way to a IS-point halftime 
bulge and cruising to a I O-point vic-

Break into Hollywood! 

tory. Playing away from home, 
however. is a different story. 

"This happens every time we go 
[to Redlands]." Malone said. 

JuniorMichelle Henricks led the 
Tritons with 20 points. four assists 
and four rebounds. Yamasaki tal-
lied II points. nine assists and four 
steals. Beaver had 10 points and 10 
rebounds. 

TIIere can be only one conclusion 
from the "I'm going to Disneyland" 
crock - imperialist plots implanted 
by the evil institutions of the man. 

I'm telling you. now. if Tanya 
Harding wins the Olympic gold and 
bellows ''I'm going to Disneyland." 
I'm calling in the CIA. 

5tUGk in TraffiG? 
Are you interested in the entertainment industry? 

The 1994 Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Internship Program 
may be your big break! 

I f your time is valuable, consider what you could do with an 
extra 50 hours a quarter*. If money is important to you, think 
of how much you spend on gas and car maintenance. When 

Internship Categories Include: 
• Directing • Art Direction 
• Animation • Public Relations 
• Agency • Casting 

All majors may apply (grad and und,r,rad). 
UCSO graduate Carolyn Marie Pang (Communication. '92) will speak about the 
program and her experiences as the Academy's 1992 Public Relations Intern. 

A.S. Internship Office Info Night 
Thursday, February 10, 6-1 pm 

Price Center. San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 

For more info call 534·4689 • Price Center. 2nd floor. Room 2.306 

• COSTA 
VERDE 
( AR.WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

~ 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

·r--UCSD 1 
II 

Le Jolla Villa •• Dr. 

I 
I ~".I Dr . 

lITe 
II 

z_® I , J ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
------- -------- --~ - -' -- I 1111 Full Service $ 99: 

: ~?~6~ P!! !A!! :3 P4"" : 
I C '\R WASil Not v.Iid ..., I/1Y oIhIr oft... SAVE 14.211 I 
I EJpirw 3I2W4 

~----------------- ______ I 

FREE 
European 

Travel 
Seminar 

Presented by RIck Steves, 
author of 11 guidebooks 

and hestof 
Travds in Europe with 
Rick Steves on PBS-N. 

you live on campus you won't have 
to waste your time and money 
commuting to school. Only with 
on-campus living can you get those 
extra zzz's every morning and 
save cash at the same time! 

For more informat.ion about. 
livin~ on campus call t.he 

Room Lottery Infollne at. 
534-7813. 

'8uecI on a 30 minuir one way' commulr including lime 
t.abn to find puking and walk tIw nl1'II distance to eM. 

Help Battle 
--------------~ Childrenls Cancer at 

Tri Oeltals 
4th Rnnual 

Benefit Ruction 
AhA 

Wednesday. Feb. 9. 1994 
Price Center Plaza 

II am-2 pm 
II. proclld. II '0 Sin ..... t ........ n·1 HOIP"I' 

KAPLAN 
-_ .. _-..-. 

Monday, February 7,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Stwe K..-. ... ~ spot for UCSD ..... weekend, INcIInII the team In kills In both ........ 

Tritons Still Looking For a Win 
WII.ESI: UCSD falls to 0-7 with road losses to the University of Pacific and Stanford 
By D .. KnIft 
Staff Write, 

The Triton men' s volleyball team 
(0-7) continued the arduous road 
swing through its Mountain Pacific 

Sports Federa-
tion schedule 
with a trip up 
north to face 
Stanford Uni-
versity and 
University of 
the Pacific. • 

The fifth-
ranked Cardi-
nal stood tall in 
its matchup 
with the Tri-
tons, taking the 

contest in four games. 15-7. 15-5. 
14-16.15-11 . 

Stanford's freshman sensation 
Man Puelbringercontinued his stel-
lar play, recording 24 kills. six 
blocks, five digs, two aces and a 

.462 hitting percentage. Joe 
Burghardt, (IS put-a ways) and Brian 
GlUl'ett. (11 kills with a .571 hitting 
percentage) also stood out for 
Stanford. 

Tyson Kerr and Steve Kremser 
once again led the Tritons' counter-
attack. pounding down 16 kills 
apiece against the powerful Stanford 
front-line blocking core. Neal 
O'Brien and Cole Scarboro played 
solidly forUCSD.recording II and 
nine kills, respectively. 

After dropping the first two 
games. the Tritons rallied fora third-
game victory behind the powerful 
kills of Kerr. 

UCSD's rare set victory was 
shortlived. however. Stanford 
jumped out to an early 6-0 lead in 
the fourth game and held on for the 
IS-II triumph to close out the match. 

The loss was the Tritons' second 
in as many nights. On Friday night, 
UCSD went down in flames against 

And on the Eishth Day ••• 

the University of the Pacific. drop-
ping the match in three straight sets. 
15-10.15-4.15-11. 

Pacific's balanced offensive at-
tack held the Tritons at bay through-
out. Jeff Hall and Sam Crosson led 
the way with 10 kills each and Brian 
Belding and Darren Lance checked 
in with nine kills apiece. 

The Tritons' weary attackers 
were unable to penetrate the TIgers' 
tough defensive blockers. UCSD 

talli~ a dismal. I ~ hitting percen~­
age In game one and an even more 
pitiful .136 in game two. 

Kremser tallied 12 kills for San 
Diego. while Tom Black collected 
11. 

The road does not get any easier 
for UCSD next week. with USC 
looming on the horizon. 

The Tritons will battle it out 
against the number-one ranked Tro-
jans on Saturday. Feb. 12. in the 
Triton Gym. 

God Created the Guardian Sports Section 

UCSD STUDENTS, 
FACULTY 
AND OTHERS 
INTERESTED IN 

ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES 

ARE CORDiAllY INVITED TO A 

RECEPTION 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10 

4:00-6:00 
HALF DOME 

(MUIR APARTMENTS) 
IlEHESHMENTS 

OftroIIwN,rr TO HfAIt RrOM 
MClILJl' ASSOCIA7fD WITH 

THE fN\lllfONAellTAL STlJDlES M,NCM 

Fa. MOIl( ~TION, I'UAIII CAlL 01 COMI 
10 1HI MuI ~ S1UIIB 

Oma. 2024 HSS. 534-3589. 

Your plasma could be worth CASH! 
call 

PYRAMm BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

We urgently seek people to donate 
plasma. You'lI rcc:c:ive: 
• Free BJood Tna' Free Physical. 
• P.id Cult For Every Visit 

Other programs that donors are 
desperately needed for are : 
·Wlllole Blood 'Molo • Lap •• ·HIV 
·Chlckn POI ·Cllal.' ·Herpe. 
Your blood contribution could help 
save a life I Pyramid is a blood bank 
..,d pluma antibody center dcdicalcd 
to servin, our community and 
worldwide health related 
or,aniullons . CIII for ., 
• .... a L 

Sa.D • ., (619)298-4011 
s.. YIIII ... 

(619)690-4434 

I' _ ,. 

SPORTS 15 

SEMI-DISPOSABLES $16900* 1-YWSUPPLY 
COMPLETE III.,,,, btl ....... DI ........... 

C •• II .... c-,w. $179* $89* ·$109* 24 pack 
"Includes: Complete Eye Exam· Fitting· Follow-up Care 

• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only • Other Major Brands in Stock 
L-.. __ We take the time to listen and explain. 

SELBY, 0.0.1 ~~_~I~=~:Jr.' 1578-6796 
$59 ' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass Lenses! ,.'" 

Course START DATES for the spring tests 
GMAT: Feb. 12th 
GRE: Feb. 26th 
Small classes, Free extra help, 

Great teachers, Guaranteed results. 

~~'f,JO.: 558-0500 
Call NOW for more information! 

212_ \DIS (ONt~ 
~WFARS99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;:$129 

• No ..aI_"""'" 
II HotIIA ,..,.. 

• •• 



16 CLASSInEDS 

\ \ \ot \( I.\ILYI ~ 
.... LOV!I The UCSO GUAROIAN'S 
bwC8rt wII be I*1*t lithe PrIce CenIer 
IIound noon fIom Feb. 7·Feb. 11 . We 
welcome you to ule our Iplendld 
publlc.lion . 1 your own perlonal 
trw.nItIer of love. FREE VALENTINE 
ADS wII be gillen NaY and yoIJIlowd 
ona(l) wII read Iham in lie c:antar-apraad 
of the VaIanIina'l Day I ..... (213-2/10) 

IAEAJ( INTO HOL1.YWOODI Acadamy 
of TV Am and Sc:iancn Int.rnlhip 
Provr.m offerl opportunltle. In 24 
categori.s including directing. 

~. 1'IIUIic:. etc. DeIaita at ASIO 
meeting : F.b. 10. 6-7p.m .. PC S.n 
Franciscot'Santa Cruz Room. 534-4689. 
(217-2/10) 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING CENTER 
ha. an id ••. PI •••• flip to page 3 to g.t 
the d.tails. (2/7) 

Public Sp.aking Club meeting 2/8 
7:30p.m. P.terson Hall 104. New 
m.mb.rs w.lcom.1 (2/7) 

ATTENTION BICYCLISTS! All 
California vehicle code seclions do 
apply on campus. STOP at STOP signs . 
Know where you can and can not ride. 
Pick up your FREE copy 01 the rules 
and regulations at the Transportation 
Alternatives OHice (MAAC 20t) or the 

.... UCSD Police Departmenl. DON 'T 
RECEIVE A CITATIONI (2/7-2117) 

ATTEHTlONSKATEBOARDERSIThereis 
noskaleboardi III. roIertlIadi1g. orrolelskaling 
on any cI the campus roads or parki'1g lots. 
Ths is enforced 24 hrsJday. 7 ~. 
Knowwhereyou can and can not ride. Pid< up 
'f04I FREE copy cI the rUes and reguIaIions 
at the Transportation Alternatives 0IIice 
(MAAC201 )ortheUCSO Pcb eep.tmat. 
OON'T RECEIVE A CrTAllON. 1;217-2/17) 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING 
CENTER BRINGS HOT 
ROMANCE TO UCSD! 

..-. See page 3 for more info. 

"I wondl"r if I 
should'Vl" staYl"d 
in colll"gl" and 

gonl" for an 
astronomy 

d .. l"grl"l". 

REALITY 
BITES 
A COMEDY ABOUT 
LOVE IN THE '90s. 

COMING 
SOON 
-~~ ... - .. ± 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ClDssified advertising i.s sold in 15-word increments. The raIe per 15 MUrU is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and SIIlff, and U for others. Paymml in 
advance i.s requil'f!d; therefore, ads must be 11IIli/e4 with a chedc (mode payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. 1huntJsy for Montlay's 
issue,and3p.m.MondIlyforThursday'sissue. The GuardianresetW.ftherighttorejilse 
any advertising including but nollimiled to companionship ads. For motf! information 
call534-5416. Mailingaddn?ss: UCSDGuardian,Attn:CIassijieds, 9500GiJmanDrive, 
0316, La Jollll, C4 92093~316. Actual atldrr!ss: Student CenJer A, top floor. 

LOOK! Every Monday, AcuIdIabIe Pizla wi 
~"UCSOINTRAMlJRAL TEAMC# 
THE ~ in .. sportIlIICIion of .. line 
rag. Nso. hlllOIIbtI. and in addiIicn • ..:h 
Thtndayinfle HIA TUS(hItsentertail men!) 
SKtion wewllill"rntMea~ ill UTe 
and La Jolla VIage, ok? (2/7-2117) . 

AMe PACER CLUB Internationat 
Organization quarterly newsleHer, free 
decal. National meet. Denver PA, July 8. 
dues $10. 2628 Oueenston. Cleveland. 
OH 44118. (2/7-2/15) 

MTV WANTS YOO II you workout or are 
physicaIy It. I/)'OIb for our ~ spoIlS show 
wiI be held on nus .. Feb. 1 Oth at 1 p.m. Entry 
forms are located at the CanycrMew Aec 
Center. See ~ Bin!toIm. 1;217-2/10) 

AT LASTIII What you want. Premier 
Athletics and Squash Club. Professional 
facil~ies , equipment. and staff. (2/7-2/10) 

E" PIJ )Y'I Ei\T 
ATTENTION: STUDENTWQAKSPAINTlNG 
isroNhi"ing branchoperakJrs forfle sunmer 
of'94. EamupD$15.000andgelfle~ 
experience cI a Ifutime. Gal 1-800-955-7557. 
Positions filing last ttvoughout California. (1 / 
lQ-3110) 

Earn up to $1 .000 every time someone 
receives a MIP Refund. Send for FREE 
inlormation. No .xperience Necessary. 

'nt.~' 51 Greentree Drive. Suite 
307. Dover. Delaware 19901. (1 /3-2/15) 

Delivery drivers-Valentine's Day. February 
14. Apply at 8750 Genesee M242 (Costa 
Verde Center) 622-9999. (1 /27-2/10) . 

SKI RESORT .DIS. ~III 12.000+ in IIIIIIry 
& beneIII. ~ ~ • 
qJIfIIOrS. WIllI ..... dIIIII .... + oI1ar 
poeIIorw (incbIirV UTIIIW). 0- 11,D1111 

~ For IIlOAI ~ii"" all: C208) 
634-0488_ \I54ml. (1131·2117) 

Sales-marketing: lull Of part time. Spor18 
and nutrition related. Excellent --*'II 
potential . Call Mike at 453-8029 for 
additional inforrnaIion. (1/1 G-311 0) 
ATTENTION: foreign .tudents from 
Australia . Canada. Hong Kong. Japan. 
and New Zealand. Excellent busiMII 
opportunity in your oountry. For information 
call 453-6029. Ask for Mik • . (1/1G-3110) 

~: Graduates and~. 
24 hour ~ n. 31G-35&«!S7. NIIcnI 
Job Search. Edng 0pp0rtariIias. (1124-313) 

HAVASU: America's New Spring Break 
Hot Spot , Lake Havasu. AZ. is throwing 
America 's largest party I Top·nam. 
Concerts, Comedians. and Celebrltlel. 
"The Lake Wi. Roar in '941· CALL 1-800-
4HAVASU. (t/27-2/17) 

VISion Comics is looking for Inkars and 
coIo,ist. Send SASE. cover leiter and art 
samples to: Vision Comics. C/O Carlton 
Johnson. 1455 W. 94th Street, Los 
Angeles. CA 90047. (1 /31 -2/10) 

Sales . Executive Director - ••• k. 
individuals for sales/mark.ting . 
Envlionmental Health Co. Commllllon. 
Patrick. 587-0623 . (213-2/17) 

Graduating Seniors: Looking for car_ 
opportunities? Earn what you're worthl 
Call nowl 453-1585. (2/3-2/t 5) 

Mllte I and IMm abcMA the 1IDdc-ut. 
LooIdng for In .., ............... . 
IPecIIIIIIt 15.20 In per week. If you'" 
a.iouI ell John McParMi .. , FIrIt WIllI 
SIrwt in La JoIa lit 454-35151 . PleIN CIII 
after 1 p.m. (213-2/7) 

~~forMlldcln""'" 
h 011 ... _ wtidt II dw9n8 ., U 
....... /lWllh ...... lDICIIIae 1211156E1 
CIniino ~ sa G-7 SIn OlIgo 12130 
oppoaIIeennnoelll EdwMIIar-h 011 
......... TOM1cnar.~) 

CHILDCAAE NEEDED: PrO\/lde quality 
car. for two young c:hIIdren. Tr_./Afft./ 
Ext. required. Cd 258-8807. (217) 

University Cente,. hal openings for 
student HouIekeepling .......,. Mu*t 
be able to wortc 6-9a.m. Of 6-12:30 Friday 
p.m. Please pick up rllferyal lit part time 
employment. (2/7) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Needed ycMti camp 
counselors. skiboat drivers. salling and 
surfing Instructors. Hiring now. apply In 
person at MIaIon Bay Sportcetiler. 1010 
Santa Clara~, 488-1004. (2I7~14) 

M.rketing executlv.s needed 
immediatelyl No experience ~. 
We wi. trUt Call 453-8531 . (217-2/10) 

ENVIRONMENTAL CAREERS. Green 
Corps. I1IIIIonIII erMO • ".nllll fIIId IChooI 
hiring u.trne. paid IIIIIt D organize I1IIIIonIII 
envIronmentIII campaig"l wIIh CCIIRy'I 
laadirGerMro ••• I 7 I HlrlAewsIlc.-
SerW:e. CenIar 2I22/t4. /iWt roN. W1l 

FOf: S \LE 
Honda Elit. 250 Scooter '85. runl r-------------------------., great.look.gr.at. mUIUell.$750obo. 

Imagine your resume 
in the hands of employers 
allover the country ••• 
INSTANTLY! 

K.lly 558-8417. (2/3·2/10) 

1Ieeda" F.a..-, 7, 19M 

STAY PAOfl!CTED ... a p...,.. 
MalIk AIIniL a.., ...... .... 
IIyIeI and caItn end CIrIy • will you 
wt..rev. you go. PlIcal range fIom 
133.00-t4a.oo. Cal Anne _117.-. 
(1/13-a?') 

...... Can. 1ruCka, ..... ·1wtt1 I I. 
1iIGIcIrtiomeI.1Iy FBI,IAS, DEA. AVIIIIabIe 
your area now. Cal 1-101H3114383Exl 
0.75111. (1131-2/10) 
'III Yamaha XT3IiO. LAoIIa tile new, MIl 
.... 8upItnp ..... ., ....... CaI 
TIm • 511-12118. (JISo2l'1) 
COMPUTER - 3IIDXI33MHz. 4 MIg 
RAM. 120 HD. DIll - ........... 
1IlOO CIII KMI 517 sI23O. (2/3-2/7) 

AOSSINGHOL SKIS · 180' •. Tyrolia 
bIndInp. 0nIy •. 00. KMl0587«l3O. 
(?J3-21'1) 
HP.4ISX .. _ ... .........,oo.oa. 
...... 11IIIIIIII28'1 ..... (ZG-a'7) 

M010rcyclel: 1885 Honda Rebel. 
grMf f,.n.port.taon 1100.00. 1882 
Y.m.h. Vlr.go 120. nlede IIttll 
work to run 1100.00. Call now or 
mill out. 558·1543. (2/3·2/7) 

For ..... Comfortable .. will iMIcHniI 
gIIIIlDp ..... $200. CoIrw fIIbIe leO. 
Cal 457-3037. (213-~) 

For ..... lOla $25. armchair 115. dining 
room table w/4 chaR 180. !win mattrwa 
w/ boxaprlng $20. 587-8872. (217) 

HllySTUDENTS. for .... : lllackoompuler 
deekwlH'*hcabinet.leOyoutake.-y. 
Call 268-2247. (2I7·2/2t) 

Surfboard. 8 foot Iongboard. TrI.fIn XJnt 
condo $200 abo: 141Peed BianchI. good 
cond .. $150. Call 558-1024. (2/7-2/10) 

WIn ..ntpaee D IIOdI up for ~? 15 
at II. rWIgIirm. $90. AI8Ic 566-7809. W1l 

Roundtrip airline ticket SO III Oakland 
only $72.00. Leave SO Friday Feb. 11 
7:45p.m .• return Feb. 15th 10:15a.m. Call 
ASH>. PIeaH leave • fiIIIIIICI8 far Kim. 
286-3703. (2/7-2/10) 

Furniture. Large contemporary whltl 
1our1ge. 01--. MoI'i frame. QualIty pieceI. 
BnI r-.ble ohr. 454-3229. (217) 

MAC CLASSIC. 4MB AAMI40MB HD. 
keyboard. mouse.carrytngCIM.~. 
S500 abo. 457-4873. (217·2/14) 

,t:JAIOme car Ilereo ayIIIm. Sony HP 
reJIIO\/IIIlIe face CO "..... ~ 5.25 <<IN 
1jIeIIkeiI. "**y 818 <<IN ......... . 
S720.00 when new -8 rnDfII1IagoI A ..... II 
$400.00. Cal822.()5S_ ~.:JI1f1, 

It can happen. Nationwide databases matching employers 
to job seekers are just one of many innovative electronic 
job-search techniques that are already helping millions locate 
and land their dream jobs. 

A TRUE STORY nOM THE DIRECTOR OF "MY LEFT fOOT" 

So don't get left behind. Get the ultimate survival guides 
to the electronic job search and resume revolution today! 

At your college 
bookstore now or call 
1-800-CALL WILEY 

" 

1-59823-2 $12.95 

, "~ 

DANIEL DAY-LEWIS 
"A BRILLIANT FILM. 

RIVETING. 
0 •• 11'1 Day·Lewis gives aD.r, 
wdllfjl'rf ...... 1ee II 11'11.1 Is 

so f.r lie roll' of Ills elmr." 
-.h MI Maulin. NEW YORk TIMES 

"A GRIPPING TALE •• 
AN IMPASSIONED 

MOVIE. 
O.Blel Oav·Lewls's Gfm Coalo. 

Is i ric" cl't'.IIOJi." 
· o.\id AI1!1f' n. NEW WEEK "1AGAZI ~' E 

"DANIEL DAY·LEWIS 
IS BRILLIANT. 

A s,11'.dld ('11it_1f of arIon •• 41 
soiIf of tlte vl'.r's IIOSI s~III.lly 

kill'trC' 1II ... kil" 
·TI'I E ~IAGAZI~ E 

EMMA THOMPSON 

IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER 

Mond.y, Febna.ry 7,1994 

II4H .... 1\4. 
0ItfII 'tOUR 0ItfII HOME.uc80 StIIIn 
SUlnDt8COLMS. GMllIIwD1g ..... 
UCSO. 1.31111'3),(IOO'I+&3InI150,QOO+. 
CandoIIII Uuy ttom..-WIg ~ JoII, 
uw. ely ...... Mal. OIl"". Pacillc Bch. 
0IiarnIrt Need III SELL. _ WIll 11 
YEARS EXPERIENCE CIIfI dot REJMax 
Almc.JucltiHlddalc,RIIIIDr.81s.-27HS18. 

~-2I'J1!J) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Own room in 
oondo In Solana Beach. Wuherldryar. 
cable. pool. one minute to beach. No 
amoktng . w. have two cata. $375/monIhI 
+ 113 utIIttIeI. $200 deposit. Call Aron Of 
Lorry at 259-9457. (1127-2/17) 

Condo for rent . UTC area. $1150. 3 bed! 
2.5 ba. townhouse. Include. fridge. 
laundry. 450-5024. (1124-2/10) 

Rent Free· Share 2 BD. 2 SA La Jolla 
oondo - 2 block. from beach in .xchllnge 
for minimal cere 01 bi·polar. diabetic 
graduate student. S •• king mature. 
nIIponsible parlOn . 458·1066. (2/7·317) 
GeneIee ViSWPlaymor. Larg.3BDcondo 
for rent. Available in July. Includes fridg • • 
'M/W plul built.ln •• washer/dry.r, 
cabIe.PooI. parking! Bike. lak. bus to 
UCsD. walk to UTC. Very quiet. $1100. 
458·5880 (0).674. 1964 (E) . (2/7-2/14) 

UNIVERSITY CITY sm. Female needed 
!of own room In nice hous •. Patio. piano. 
cable TV. washer/dryer. 12 minutn to 
UCSD. No smokers. pets. ordrugs Please. 
Call Mark or Agnes 534-2391 or 534-3383 
(message) . (1/31-2110) 

HlllcrestJDowntown. Students looking for 
student to share huge t 92O's house. Own 
room. hdwd.lIoors. House has study room. 
fir.plac • • basement. darkroom, eaf. 
.:rosa street. $250. 1/4 utilities + dep. 
291 -9215. (1/31-?) 

WlrMdAentF,."SIw.2SD.2BA.LaJola 
Condo - 2 blocks from beItch in a::NrIge for 
ninimaI care of female bI-poIar. diIIbatic 
IJaduIIe .... Seekingrnan,reepor .. 
....... 458- t 086. (213-2/7) 

Roommat. wanted immediately. Own 
room/bath. Washer/dryer. No smoking . 
Pref.r male grad. S450/month + 1/2 
... l1li .... Steve 658-{)761 . (213-217) 

Wanted: Mature. responsibl. femal. to 
live In U.C. with 2 graduating seniors . 
SIngle. rent 5275.00. Security deposit 
$275.00 + 1/3 utilities. Call H.ather or 
0aMi 552-{)169. (213.2/17) 

Larg.. clean room w/connected bath 
IIY8IIabIe In condo_ $380 + $125 dep. + 1/ 
41M1. 558·2152. (213·3110) 

AenaIIIance:Roommal.wantedtolhar. 
muter bedroom Walher/dryer: gated 
parking. gym. pool. fireplace. $310 + 1/3 
IdtiM + depoalt. Cd 0IanI587-0927 or 
KIIIIy 535s17t 1. (213-2/28) 

Pacific a.lch. 2 BR. 1 BA. Oc.an 
vlIW. beach. bUI. 943 Tourmal in • . 
1715. 488·0103. (2/3·2/7) 

Roamm .... wanted: MIF. 2tolharl $240 
IICII Of 1 lingle $350. Del Mll/Sollna 
Beach ar .. Laundry. DIN. pool. ~ 
befdI.aa •. buI. CoIUctTorI793-9244. 
(213-2115) 

ROOMMAT1! WANTED: Crown Point 
houIe 1 block III MillIon Bay - $325ImO. 
+ 113 utIIItieI + 1200 depoIIt. Cable & 
phone hook-up. Own en1IIInCe wutterl 
dryer. non-amoker. 581-6172. (213-217) 

LJveon lie beachl LIlg. lingle available 
now In Del Mil Beech Club condo. Shall 
with two UCSD IiousM"IaIn. 13751mo. 
Sean 234·2822 days 888-9202 nights. 
Spring .. almost her •. (213-2/15) 

Roommatn Wanted: Nice3bdr. ~in 
We.t Clalremont. 5 min. to UCSD. 
available AprIl 1 1350. first & lui. no 
deposit. l/3utillliea. Call Frank 272.()818. 
(2/7.2/22) 

Faculty Famly aeekIng 3+ BR fumiIhed 
houM or condo for IdiooI year begiMing 
September. non·emokars. no pets. Call 
Pet. or Lucy (802) 386-3934 ooIIect. (217) 

ROOMMATE WANTED IMMEDIATELY -
Own room in 3 bedroom condo. Washer/ 
dryer, pool. gym. No smoking. $360 + 1/3 
utUitie • . 457·1149. (217) 

Femal. needed to ahara room near 
bulli".. UCSD/UTC ar.a. All amenitiesl 
S2501negotiable. 295-2334. (2/7.2/15) 

ROOMMATE WANTED : Own ,oom in 
East BluH. oH Gilman. 1 .5 miles 10 
UCSD. All ameniti.s . Male . non-

. smoker. Avail. spring quarter. $350 + 
utilities . 457 -2040. (2/7) 

UCSD Hous. looking for back un it 
roommate . $385/mo . w/utllitles . 
Share bathroom. W & D. Del Mar. 
PH' 793-1538. (2/7) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only $5.95 . 
While you walt . Xeroxes and mor • . N.ar 

. 51. Germains. 452·9949. (10/25-612) 

La Jolla Barbershop. Quality Barbering . 
Haircuts $8.00. 459-5792. (1/3·3/10) 

Lose lat without Dieting. " Doclor 
supervised Tuesday evening lecture. or 
call 452-2882. (1/3-4/8) 

VIOIirvVIOIa Lessons. You Of your chId(ren) 
can I.arn Irom In .xp.ri.nced. 
professional teacher. Now accepting 
student • • all ages and levelll welcomel 
Call Conrad ~-OS25. (1/10-3110) 

Word processing 01 any kind. large or 
small . Oulck return , professional quality. 
Call Janet or carol. 276-7382. (1 /10-3/10) 

Word ProcessinglTyping : Acad.mic 
manuscript.. papers. theses . books. 
I.tt.rs. applications. Accurate/F.st 
servic • . Mary Ann 452·9439. (1/10-3/10) 

WORD PROCESSING. reuonallle rates. 
r.liable. fast. rush jobl ok. Genesee/163. 
Caroline 571.()()47. (1/13-217) 

GREEKS & CLUBS. Earn S5O-I25O for 
you ..... f plue up 10 aoo tor your clubl 
Thi. fund,aisar colli nothing and Iaat8 
one week. Call now and receive a free gift. 
1-800-932-{)528 ext. 65. (1/20-3m 
Word Proc.sslng. DI.sertation Work. 
AppUcation8. Reports. Resumes, Editing. 
Tranalation. Other oomputer related lobi. 
459·5909. (1/24-3110) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES : 
Specially In EATING DISORDERS. 
Indivldull and group th.r.py allailabl •. 
CaN Cindy Ry.n . 571·1432. (1/27·4/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

.... ON!Y FOR COLUOUI I1S5 
million unclaimedl Schol.rlhlp 
matching guerantHelI FREE bookletl 
24-hour r_dlng. (800) 434-8015 EXT 
2'0. (1/31-2/24) 
Suff.ring from pr.-mldt.rm Itr ... ? 
StudenlllFacultyJStaff: TreilyourselltD I 
bIIafuI. rejwenating.legltimal. fTI8UIIIIII . 
~ralel. 15yeara..,.,a.nceat 
WOI1IH:IuIreIorII. VIfIC)I264-2044. (Tliird 
College Grad.) (1124-217) 

GREEKSI Paying too much for same old 
letters? Gal Beta_. W. offer quality 
double stitching and 11M ..vice to your 
door. (819) 521-8281 . (2/7-2/17) 

Shipping/Moving? Get your stuff 
togeth.r . w.·11 do the r • • t. t to 1000 
pounds. Th. Packaging Store. 800· 
792-2299. (2/7·2/28) 

EamSl 00.00. Subjects wanted far a study 
on alcohol'. effect. II you are a Japanese. 
Chinese. or Kor.an. American-bornmale. 
call Scripps Research Institute for mora 
information. 554-7240. (113-3110) 

WANTED TO BUY: Northw.st Airline 
fly wrile l icket/frequent flyer award . 
Call 592-2622. (1/13-2/7) 

Heahhy volunteers ages 18 to 45 yeHls 
old are needed tp participate in a UCSD 
Medical Center study examining th.effect 
of sound on the .yeblink reffex and on 
brain waves. Compensation will be 
provided. Call 543-2494 10, information . 
(1/24·2/14) 

UCSD Madlcal C.nt.r needs healthy 
volunteers. ages 18-50. lor a 2 hour 
study about .y. blinking. $ 1 0 plus 
parking will be provided . Call Deb at 
543-2314. (1/31-3/10) 

UCSD Int.rnational Film Festival PaSi . 
Will pay top dollar. Call 558-0370 . (1 / 
31 -2/10) 

Earn cash or movie tick ... for rnurch 
participation I EngliSh·speaking college 
men needed for PHD study in psychology. 
Sessions Ilk. 45 minutes. Help m. finish 
graduate 8Choo1l CaB Carri • • evenings. 
527-{)n6. (213·2/15) 
BULIMIC and struggling? Women wanted 
for PhD study. Tlmeis30minutn. Aeceive 
free consultation with eating dlsord.r 
therapist. pr.paid mectlcal-auation with 
a reproductive endocrinologist. Of $15.00. 
Confidential and anonymous. La Jolla 
Village Prolessional Center. Help yourself 
and others get w.1I1 492·26n. (2/7-2/15) 

Help Wanted: Transport disabled man 3 
mllel to campus 3 Of 4 days a week. Tel: 
cal evenlngl457-1485. (2/7-2/10) 

Losn Black bag with vitamins. lotion. and 
a pocketknif.. Call Robert at 534-4297. 
during the day. Very Important. (213-217) 

LOSTI T.ardrop amyth"t n.cklae. 
(2/1/94) . Extr.m. sent l m.nlll 
value . If found. pl .... return . 
R.wardl 456-0788 . Lila . (2/7) 

February 12 II almoat here. Do you know 
which Alpha Chi invited you? (213-217) 

Join Peace Corps . .. 

GLOBALIZE YOUR 

CGASSlnEDS 17 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 

~UERMM,S~,aJ~M~C~ 
JEEP CHEROKEE, MINIVANS, LIGHT TRUCKS 
AI WOIk FuIr Gua •• twcI a F8CtorJ-TrIIMd Specl .... 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

·'OUI t. THI PlOUU'OI-

•• 
-------------------~ ·O%OFF 

all repairs* 'with this coupon 
·Students. faculty and st.II with VIIId UCSO I). 

·Except mot()( and transmission OYerllaul. Not valid with Ir"I other COupon. 

Itt. -SVI juat came in Ina appointment) 
and take the next availabl. stylist 

-4 '11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg. $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, iI's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm: T-W -T 9 -8pm 

-~.-. --..--
. ......... -.-. 
...... "-' --.... 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive· La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - ~DIVIEN 

RESUME! 
Peace Corps Reps on Campus Feb. 8 & 9 

rparis ., 
$19~ 

Infonga''''' BggIb; 

Saccial Semigars 

Tuesday &: Wednesday, 9 am - 2 pm 
Price Center 

Ig'cryjews 

$133-
$109-

Costa 
London 
Germany $'" 
East Coast $184-

IDlernatioaal Opportu*ies 
with Peace Corp. 

How Can I Qualify 
ror PeKe Corps? 

Tuesday and Wednesday 
Ftb. 22& 23 

Career Services Center 

Mateo City $ ,,-
·All I ..... uch _ b1Hd on • ,oundt"p 
pun:hoH. fl ... not Includ<d. 5om< ,esUte-
.... oppIy. stud<nt stttus JMV be '_lied 

...... ".. ... "." Tues_ , Feb. 8, 2 pm -4 pm 
Career Services Conference Room 

Wed_, Feb. 9, 2 pm - 4 pm 
Career Services Conference Room 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

Bring completed application 10 sign up 

For IIKWC information. caUdle Los Anscles Recruiting OffICe. (800)832-0681. ext. 110. 

Council Travel 

• I 



IBSPORTS 

~~~ Kound Table P'm 
ROUND TABLE INTRAMURAl. 

TEAM OF THE WEEK 
llellll TIllIe lid ~ IIIDrIs present a new feature to 
UCSD, the Intramural Team Of The Week. We will be selecting 
on intramural team each week of the quarter to be honored os 
that week's Round Table Intramural Team of the Week. T·Shi rts , 
your mugs in TM CIINIII, and some pizzo will be yo~JrS if you 
are selected. 

Who and how will the selections be 
into team selection · goofi est un 
game, a team showing the true 
showing up and having fun even whIM..JIJ;el~:::IC5a-illt~:hi 
by fifty points. There could be mony 
the award will go to those teams shc)wilno'1Ihe"'Uue inlr'nmi,rn,I'" 
spirit, 'having fun " 

Our inaugural team is your intramurol stoff. ~'.llll~~~~:ftl 
duty of picking the weekly Team Of The Wee'k . . 
these faces, They may be able to enhance your ' 
tion. Bribes w ill be accepted . 

collec· 
..... UCSO ~RKrdon 

::ue FREE ACCESSORIES*: 
L __ !~~~~!~~~:~~=~~.J r--------, ~--------w 
I $25 I I 10% OFF I 
I TUNE UP I I PARTS I 
: : : I ACCESSORIES : 
L I<J· $30. Nu BOOd wtI~.ny clIher G6!r.J L Nu aood wllh ... y OIhrr oIrrr .J 
------- -------

• 90 days same as cash financing 
• 6 months financing OAC 
• We will price match other advertised prices 
• Lifetime serotce ..... Iny ~ pun:lwe 

• 
• 

-

The UCSD Guardlaa lIoada),. Februarr 7.1994 

Heather WIll ..... cruised to a 6-3, 8-1. win over OccIcIental, heIpInC UCSD to • 9-0 rout 01 the ,.,.,.. 

UCSD Bagels Occidental 
CI FA.N SWEEP: Tritons lambast Occidental Tigers, 9-0, in fIrst home match 
By DMI Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

The visiting Occidental College 
women's tennis team probably 
wished that Saturday's match 

against host 
UCSD had 
been post-
poned. 

Any team 
onthereceiv-
ing end of a 
9-Otrouncing 
would. 

Their 
prayers were 
nearly an-
swered fri-
day night, as 

torrents of rain threatened to cancel 
UCSD's first home match of the 
season. 

But on Saturday morning when 
the skies cleared, the match and the 
pummeling began as sch~uled. 

UCSD Head Coach Liz laPlante 
was not at all surprised by the rout. 

"We expected it." LaPlante said. 
"Occidental is not very SIrOng, and 
we didn't expect too much from 
them." 

The match marked the return of 
two ofthe team's top players, Diane 
Chandler and Michelle Wilbur. Both 
had been out with injuries. 

Chandler, recovering from 
tendonitis in her wrist, was in near-
perfect form, cruising to a 6-2, 6-2 
victory in the number-one singles 
spot. 

Wilbur was equally dominant at 
the number-six spot. crushing her 
opponent 6-1, 6-2. 

"It was nice to have [Chandler] 
and [Wilbur] back," LaPlante said. 

UCSD could do no wrong against 
Occidental, capturing every match 
of the day, with number-two Miki 
Kurokawa (6-2, 6-1), number-three 
Hillary Somers (6-1, 6-0), number-
four Heather Williams (6-3, 6-1), 
and number-five Michele 
Maldphersakal (6-4, 6-1) each con-
tributing to the rout. 

The stage was alSo set early for 
UCSD in the doubles matches, where 
the Tritons systematically dis-
mantled their opponents. Each match 
lasted the minimum two sets. 

At number-one doubles, the duo 
of Kuroltawa and Williams, in their 
second game as a tandem, contin-
ued to impress by col1ecting a 6-2, 
6-3 win. 

The number-two doubles team 
of Somers and Maldphersakal 
showed no mercy for their counter-
parts, recording a 6-0, 6-3 beating. 

To add insult to injury, the num-
ber-three doubles squad of Annie 
Hoecker and Wilbur delivered a pe>-
tent 6-0, 6-0 shellacking to their 
unfonunate adversaries, closing out 
a very successful afternoon of ten-
nis for the Tritons. 

Next up for UCSD is crosstown 
Division I foe USD. 

"We're excited to be playing 
USD," LaPlante said. "They are one 
of the top Division I schools in the 
country." 

Rain, Injuries Hamper Tritons 
USD TOURNEY: UCSD loses all five of its matches in weather-shortened event 
By Aron Miller 
Associate Sports Editor 

As if things weren't going badly 
enough for the UCSD men's tennis 
team, last weekend's University of 

San Diego 
Toumlment 
reasserted 
the fact that 
this season 
could be a 
tough one for 
the TrilOnl. 

Havin,to 
deal with ell-
ceptional 
competition. 
poorwalhcr 
and untimely 
injuries, 

UCSD lost all five of its IIIIIIChes 
durin, the tourney and collected 
five clefauJu. 

"We hid bid draws., we weren't 
healthy and the rain threw every-
·thin, off," senior John Cross said. 

11usday'sllldFriday's ~ 
were all poIlpOned due to rain. 

On Satlrday, senior Vern 
Y IIIIdIIolr 10'" Ulliwnily aldie 
PIcific foe. 7-6, 6-1, .... RoIIIIie 
Ho aIIo IIIfJaed a deIaI. .... 

...... c- ......... UCID' • ...., .............. ...,IIt .... 
apinlt his Texas A.tM counter- val, 8-4. Cross also Jost. this time to 
part, 1-6, 6-0. his Marymount opponent. 1-4. 

In doables play, Cross and "We didn't play .., taWs re-
Yarnell ... to Tex. A.tM's .. m- ally. By the time we 101 ...... lip 
ber-oae.pded team. 1-2. the mIIChes WIlt over I'*- aI 

o.~, Yaraell Wllbeelen tbe ..... viIIed ICCNa tyIIeeJ;' 
bMdily" Ilia s.aa •• 111) SIIIe ri- CIOII said. 

... 

Monday, FeIIn!!I 7 , 1'" The UCSD Guardian 

c(@§D E1 
EWSFLASHE 

AssocIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get Involved 
In Student Gevemment. There are 
many opportunities ranging from 
External Affairs to Student AIJvocacy to 
Publicity. OUr offices our on the third 
ftoor of the PrIce Center. Stop by 
anytime to discover the many ways to 
get Involved or call 534-4450 for more 
Information. 

PuBUCITY MANAGER 
A Publicity Manager Is needed for the 
AsSOCiated Students. A great way to 
get Involved In student government 
and great experience. For more 
Infonnatlon call 534-5307 or come by 
our cfflces on the third floor of the 
PrIce Center. 

MUIR COMMUrER COUNCIL 
Muir Commuters: 
Come to your meetings! Commuter 
Col.incll meets Mondays at l1am In 
Half Dome Lounge. 

MECHA 
How do you Identify yourself? Are you 
Chlcanda? Mexlcanola? Latlnola? 
Hispanic? Mexlcan-Amerlcan? We will 
be having a discussion on Raza 
Identity. MEChA encourages ALL to 
attend to voice their opinion. Call 

534~994 for more Infonnatlon. 

A.S. YEARBOOK 
Weekly meetings are Mondays at 
6:30pm In our office. New Members 
always welcome. 594-74,91. 

SENIOR GIIT 
If you want to make a difference join 
the Senior gift Committee, and you 
don't have to be a senior to particI-
pate. Sophomores, Juniors and 
Seniors have come to&ether to raise 
money to support various projects 
requiring funding not nonnally supple-
mented by the state. There past 
projects Include the recycling recep-
tacles, maintenance of the recep-
tacles, and the IrrtptIon system for 
the eucalyptus trees. Call 534-2178 
and ask for AdrIenne or Beccl. We will 
come together once or twice a month, 
over the next three months to Initiate 
the process. 

COMEDY SHOW 
Come join us at a noontime comedy 
show featuring comedian KevIn 
Moreland. Participate In -Help the 
Homeless ant! :iuncer Awareness 
Week.· There will be food and music 
by a local radio station. Tues, Feb 15, 
Sun God Lawn. 

FIFI'H COLLEGE 
APPoINTMENTS 
FIfth Co/ielt Council I. seeking a VIce-
Chair, a Commissioner of Pr0gram-
ming, and. UCAB REP. It's fun; It's 

excltI~ It's leadership. For more 
information call ~34-2237. 

UCAB REPREsENTATIVE 
The AsSOCIated Students COUncIl I. 
IookInI for • UCAB Rep. If you .. 
Interested, pick up an application on 
the third ftoor of the Price Center or 
call 534-4450. 

RIMAC GRAND OPENING 
RiMAe will be openinl soon, and • 
committee Is needed to plan the .-and 
open,.. Cell &34-4450 for mont 
InformaUon or come to the third ftoor 
of the Prtce Cent.- for an appIlcIItIon. 

SHOPPING SHUITLE 
Check out the new AsSOCiated 
Students Supermat1<et Shuttle. 
Tuesdays-Marshall(6:3Opm), 
MuIf(7:00pm), Revelle(7:45pm) 
Wednesdays-Warren(6:3Opm), 

. Afth(7:00pm) 
Space Is limited so get there early! 

CHICANOs/LATINOS FOR 

CREATIVE MEDICINE 
OUr special guest speaker, Mary 
Blanding, will Inform us about opportu-
nities at the UCLA Drew Medical 
School as well as Information about 
their summer program. All pre-meds 
Invited. Call Marla Elena Arredondo at 
481·7053 for more Infonnatlon. 

ARMENIAN STUDENT 

AssocIATION 
ASA will hold Its next general meeting 
on Wednesday, February 16. Please 
read the next Issue for time and place. 
Join us to get Information on our 
biggest event! 

PAID POSITION! 
You need $$$! We need an AS Ads 
Director! Interested In wor1<lng with 
the 15 campus media like the Koala, 
VOl Fronterlza, Momentun, Callfomla 
Review, New Indicator, ect? We are 
looking for a committed Individual who 
can work to solicit as for our campus 
media. Get a great experience, work 
with great Individuals, and have a 
flexible schedule. cal 5344450 and 
ask for Blk-Na PM<. Or, stop by the 
third floor of the PrIce Center and fill 
out an application by January 31. • 

PuBuc SPEAKING CLUB 
The Public Speaking Club will be 
having a general Meetln& on Feb 8 at 
7:30pm In Peterson Hall, room 104. 

PSYCH CLUB MEETING 
The Psych Club will be having a 
general meeting on Monday, February 
7 at 4:00pm. It will be located In the 
PrIce Center Davis/Riverside Room. 

ANAFA POT LUCK 
ANAFA Is having a vegetarian and 
vegan potluck next week! We will also 
be watchln& some movies addressing 
vecetartantsm and animal Issues I 
Should be a delicious, Infonnatlve 
night! call Shlvon at 459-2815 for 
more Information. 

SANGAM 
Come join us for a nWtt of flJn filled 
entertainment at our 2nd anmJaI semI-
formal : Featurlna Bally s.. and a 
spectaCUlar laser shOW! Buy,our the 
now for $25 at the UCSO.boll ~ 
until Feb l1-Hurry. Call 538-0611 fO( 
mont Information. 7:00pm, Feb 26, 
Hotel Del Coronado-Grande Hall. Call 
Palka Kumar at 538-0811. There will 
be a general meetlnc on Be 10 at 
7:00pm In the PrIce Center Gallery A. 

DEANSEARCB 
The DMsIon of Natural ScIence. 
needs • new deanl Ant und8rJr'8d 
sdence major who I. Interested In 

~ on the seantl committee 
should contact A.S. OfI'Ices at ~34-
4450" , . 

.t' , ,j 1 r! • 

FRENCH CONNECTION 
French speakers of all levels! You are 
all Invited to the special pre-Valentine 
UCSD French Connection. There will 
be lots of food and a cookie contest. 
It will be on Frida, 2/11/94 at 
6:00pm. Call Alain at 458-6820 to 
find out where. You'll have a great 
time! 

STUDENTS SUPPORTING 

EQUALITY AND ACCEPTANCE 
General meeting where we will be 
discussing upcoming events. Thurs· 
day, Feb 1, 5:00pm in the Price center 
Berkeley Room. 

CONCERNED STUDENTS 
All those concerned about fee hikes 
and other student problems come and 
get Involved and give Ideas for change! 
Tuesday, February 8, 7:00pm. Call 
534-4450 for more information. 

SITUATIONAL LEADERSHIP 
SOLO presents Situational Leadership 
with Paul DeWlne, Leadership CoordI-
nator. Tuesday, February 8th, 7pm, 
PrIce Center Davis/Riverside Room. 
In this workshop, you will assess your 
leadership style and discuss ways to 
Improve your leadership skills. Learn 
to be your most effective. For more 
Infonnatlon, call SOLO at 5340501. 

ACADEMY OF TV AND 
SciENCES INTERNSHIP 
Break Into Hollywood! Internship 
opportunities In 24 categories 
Including directing, scriptwrltlng, 
music, editing, animation, art direc-
tion. Details at ASIO meeting: 
February 10, 6-7pm, Price center San 
Franslsco/Santa Cruz Room. All 
majors are welcome! Call 534-4689 
for more Information. 

COMEDY MEETING 
Need a good laugh? Come to this 
meeting and help bring comedians to 
campusl Wednesday, February 9 at 
4:00pm In the PrIce Center Student 
leadership Chambers, room 8. Call 
Unda Stack at University Events at 
534-4119 fO( more Information. 

HAWAII CLUB 
It's never too late to join us and leam 
to dance hula. All are welcome and 
no experience Is necessary. Next 
practice Is Monday, February 7 at 
6:00pm In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. All other practices are every 
Monday at the same tIf)1e and the 
same ptace. 

. BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
Groundwork books Is havln& a 20% 
discount on books, periodicals, shirts, 
posters, etc. related to culture of 
Afrlcan.AlTierics, Africa, and 
Can1beans thro\.ChOUt the month of 
February. Ca114~2-9625 for more , 
Information. 

WATERSKI SPRING BREAK 
Waterskllnc/hOUHboatln& at Lake 
Powell. Only $32~, Includes all food, 
transportation, boats, gas, and sldlOl. 
Call Scott It 558-82O!S for more 
information. 

·HI Annal 

AS MEETINGS 
The Associated Students Council holds 
meetings every Wednesday night at 
6:30. The meetings are open to the 
public and students are encouraged to 
attend. 

IY 
11 
~~~...T~.s 

Thes., Feb. 8 
SLACKER 

<=>.,.,. I 3T $. =--
Price Center Theatre 
8:00 10:30 
Thurs.~ Febe 10 
rPOlRUMl\~ 

Theatre 
6:30 9:00 11:30 

A.S. Newstlalhea Is IJ(Oduo«J by the ANocIIIfed 
5rud!nCs of UCSO. Student ~ nNIY 
.,.."., In the A,S. News1IesheI by "Ntrw out tile 
IbmlIoc&Id outIIdII the A.s. SectIttMy'. omce, third 
noor. Pr1t» CermJr, SubnrIaIons .. tNe NCh 

~ « noon for the nan AfoncMy'. edition. 

19 



/' 

I 

. ' 

20 SPORTS 

BRIANK. 

HmO 
Commercial 
Conspiracy 

So I'm watching the 
pathetic excuse for a Super 
Bowl and feeling pretty 
downright glum about the 
whole sordid affair. 

I had threatened to boycott 
the annual foregone conclusion 
had it had not been for a group 
of friends who offered me a 
free meal, plenty of mind-
altering beverages and access 
to a TV the size of Rhode 
Island. 

But it was not the game I 
wanted to see, it was those 
innovative $900,000, 30-
econd commercials which 

piqued my interest. 
With Dan Quayle, Steve 

Martin , Cindy Crawford and 
Michael Jordan all battling it 
out for the top slot, this was 
one contest that actually 
attracted my attention. 

At least until we made it to 
the last commercial, the 
entrepreneur sell-out, the 
much-despised but inevitable 
''I'm going to Disneyland" slot. 

When Emmitt Smith, a fine 
running back and a very 
respectable man, held up his 
only child and shouted his 
contemptible answer to the 
devil-spawned question, "So 
Emmitt, you've just won the 
Super Bowl. What are you 
going to do now?" with the 
malicious "I'm going to Disney 
World, then I'm going to 
Disneyland. We are going to 
both," I cringed and doubled 
over in agony. 

Any other response in the 
entire world would be a million 
times better than those 
despicable four words, "I'm 
going to Disneyland." 

I'm convinced that those 
words are part of a larger 
Communist plot initiated to 
start a chain reaction of events 
which will lead to a world 
invasion. Somewhere therein 
lies a cryptic code that will 
unleash a deadly virus that will 
infect the masses. Then the 
little green people will come 
down in their flying saucers 
and seize control. 

I wonder if anyone has 
played that message backward. 
I'm sure the warbled output 
would produce something like 
"Obey us and ye will inherit 
the earth." 

I mean, has anyone' who has 
ever been to Disneyland 
actually enjoyed themselves? 

See DISNEYLAND, Page 14 

The UCSD Guudiaa lIoaday. February 7. 19M 

Tritons Triumph In Rubber Match 
By lIMn K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

In bridge, it's called a rubber 
match. For the host· Triton men's 
basketball team (17-4), Friday 

VICTORY QUARTET: UCSD men's basketball pre-
vails in its fourth straight contest, improving record to 
17-4 with 92-80 of Chapman Panthers 

BRSKET 

'" 
., 

night's 92-80 
clawing of the 
Division II 
Chapman Pan-
thers was 
merely another 
notch in the 
win column 
and one step 
closer to an 
NCAAtouma-
ment bid. BHLL Chapman 

( 13-7) topped the Tritonsearlierthis 
year in the Redlands Tournament, 
81-68, but UCSD soon avenged its 
loss by throttling the Panthers on 
their own floor, 77-61. In this hand, 
San Diego held all of the trump 
cards. 

UCSD seized control early, es-
tablishing a solid defense and un-
leashing a lethal offensive arsenal. 

From the opening tip, the game's 
outcome was rarely in doubt. In 
what is quickly becoming a suc-
cessful Triton tradition, point guard 
Rodney Lusain looked for and found 
forward Kahlil Allen (16 points, five 
rebounds) in the post for the initial 
points of the contest. 

Allen's running baseline jumper 
hit nothing but the bottom of the net 
and UCSD was off and running, as 
is usually the case when Allen starts 
the scoring. 

Lusain (seven points, 11 assists), 
may have suffered from an off-
shooting night (two of eight from 
the field), but his skills at the point 
were as sharp as ever. 

Lusain shut down Panther point 
man Brian Wood and controlled the 

game's tempo with his ball han-
dling and passing ability. 

"[Lusain) was a perfect point 
guard in the first half," Triton Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said. "He knew 
when to take advantage of his man, 

~ UnIYenIty F8 FU .B TP A Min 

Greg Reynolds 8 13 . 3 23 2 20 

uc ... .,...o FaFURa TPA .. 
Rodney Lusain 2 8 3 7 11 32 

Nate Hantgin 6 13 4 16 3 33 

Kahlll Allen 6 8 5 16 1 29 
Fe FaA "" _ A TO 1P 

uc San Diego 38 71 .535 38 25 17 92 
Source: UCSO Athletic Department 

when to slow the ball down and he 
made great choices." 

UCSD led 16-5 before five min-
utes had ticked off the clock. Nale 
Hantgin had the hot hand early, drill-
ingjumpers from all over the perim-

eter on his way 10 16 points. 
Chapman tried to switch up its 

defense, incorporating a full-court 
press to deter the Triton tide, but 
UCSO deftly handled anything the 
Panthers could muster. 

With 10:55 left il) the first half, 
Lusain worked the ball toward sharp-
shooter Eric Johnson at the top right 
of the key, and the senior cooly 
canned a three-point bomb to put 
the Tritons up, 21-1 f. 

Senior Brian Van Noy, who has 
recently been removed from the in-
jured list, turned in the most stellar 
performance of the evening. 

Van Noy proved that his hiatus 
had little effect on his outside jumper 
or in the paint. He sunk 19 points 
and snared eight rebounds to lead 
the Triton effort. 

"Van Noy is starting to get the 
rust out of his game," Marshall said. 
"He really stepped up for us in his 
first real quality-minute game." 

But it was "Mr. Hustle" Johnson, 
UCSD's leading scorer, that 
wreaked the most havoc on the Pan-
thers. The senior leader poured in 
20 points on nine of 16 shooting, 
grabbed five boards and dished out 
three assists. 

As if the stat line wasn't impres-
sive enough, lohnson's defensive 
presence, intensity and leadership 
are, according to ~I, his great-
est contribution to the team. 

By halftime, Johnson and his 
teammates had accrued a 49-30 ad-
vantap. 

"We were very solid in the fint 
I)Ilf," Manhall said. "We did ev-
erything we had to do to beat a very 
good Chapman team." 

Panther junior guard Greg 
Reynolds led Chapman on a Nn in 
the second half. nailing three three-
pointen and knifin,throu,h the lane 
to collec:t 23 points. 

UCSO's defense momentarily 
lapsed and Chapman was able to cut 
the lead to eight, 68-59 with 9:03 
left to play, but the Tritons refused 
to yield. 

San Diego collected itself and . 
countered with a scoring spree of its 
own led by the firepower of Johnson 
and Van Noy. The. Tritons returned 
the spread to 20, 80-60, with five 
minutes to go. 

The Panthers clawed their way 
back within striking distance, whit-
tling the lead to 84-7~ with one 
minute to play, but it was too Iinle, 
too lale. 

Down the stretch it was all UCSO, 
with Hantain and Lusain sinking 
four straiJht free throws and Allen 
jamming two consecutive dunks to 
finish off Chapman in style. 

THE WEEK AHEAD GUARDIAN ATHLETE-GF-THE-WEEK 

.... MII: 
Mon., Feb. 7 vs. Whittier College at Triton Field. 2 p.m. 

QoIf: 
Mon., Feb. 7 VS. Point Loma, CSU San Bernardino at 

Rancho San Diego Golf Course, 12:30 p.m. 

W __ '., .... 
Tue., Feb. 8 VB. USD at Alcala Park, 2 p.m. 

Junior Michelle Henricks has provided the UCSD women's 
basketball team with a consistent outside shooting threat through-
out the season . 

Like a timebomb, she's liable to go off at any time. In Friday 
night's loss at the hands of the University of Redlands, the 
shooting guard exploded once again. 

Henricks buried nine of 19 shots en route to a 20-point. four 
rebound. four assist performance, in what is becoming a typical 
outing. 


