
ELSEWHERE 

~put.1IIIey_ 
HItUCI.~ 
SANTA BARBARA-
Computer thieves once again 
struck UC Santa Barbara 
earlier this month. making off 
with over $13.000 in com-
puter components and . 
frustrating law enforcement 
officials investigating the 
escalation of similar crimes 
over the last year. The series 
of campus computer crimes 
began last summer, with 
repeated hits during Thanks-
giving and Christmas breaks. 
but officials have been unable 
to link the incidents to the 
same person or group. 

Davis Off .. Fee 
Refund After Rull ... 
DAVIS - Because of the 
California Supreme Court 
ruling in the Smith v. Regents 
case. UC Davis students will 
soon be eligible to receive a 
partial refund of their 
registration fees dating back 
to Fall 1989. The refund will 
be extracted from ASUCD 
reserves. ASUCD is poten-
tially liable for paying 
$180.000 to $200.000 in 
refunds. Although the reserve 
contains more than $500,000, 
Associated Students President 
Dana Shoffner said that the 
refund will cause a financial 
strain. 

Prof .... Rei __ 
New Info About Suit 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
California State University 
professor who filed a lawsuit 
against the University of 
California held a press 
conference at UC Santa 
Barbara last week. leveling 
charges of misconduct against 
a UCSB official and univer-
sity attorneys. Rudy Acui\a. a 
CSU Northridge Chicano 
Studies professor. sued the 
UC Regents, UC President 
Jack Peltason and a dozen 
UCSB officials in September 
1992 after he was denied a 
:>rofessorship in June 1991. 

INSIDE 

LOVE 
FEATURES: What's 
the best way to spend 
Valentine's Day? • 

SPOWT.: Baseball 
standout Chris Miyake 
may be drafted 17 

INDEX 

I CO;IJ !lHID'S ...... .... .......... ...... .. 2 
C\l.\"I~" IIUBHKo; .. .... .... .. ... .. ... 2 
WaiTS" SIHE!\S ... ..... .. ... ..... ... 3 
III'I:\IU:\ .......... ..... ... ............... . " 

CI .\SSlm:l~ ...... .. .............. ..... 20 
.""UNTS .... ... ........ ...... ... ......... .. 24 

, H I u c s D 

DC SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14,1994 VOLUME 81 , ISSUE 13 

A.S. Debates Cross-Cultural Center 
RESOWTlON: Council 
defers decision; center 
coalition meets today 
with administration 
By Elaine Camuso 
Associate News Editor 

As members ofthe Cross-Cul-
tural Center Coalition and UCSD 
administrators meet today to dis-
cuss the proposal to establish a 
cross-cultural center on campus, 
the Associated Students Council 
continues to debate the issue. 
which was introduced at last 
week's council meeting. 

On Wednesday night. the A.S. 
debated two resolutions concern-

ing the-coalition's proposal, one in 
support of the cross-cultural center 
and another calling for an alterna-
tive plan. Before voting to referthe 
issue to the Rules Committee, the 
council held a non-binding straw 
poll vote on the two resolutions. 

By a narrow margin, the coun-
cil voted in favor of the proposed 
cultural center, 9-7 with five ab-
stentions. 

The A.S: s actions follow a rally 
held two weeks ago by members 
of the Cross-Cultural Center Coa-
lition, an organization composed 
of faculty. staff and students. 

With input from approximately 
26 organizations. including the Af-
rican-American Student Union, the 

co-ops and staff from Muir and 
Marshall colleges, the coalition 
developed a proposal to build a 
cross-cultural center. The center 
would "contribute to increasing 
the enrollment. relent ion. devel-
opment and achievement of stu-
dents of color at UCSD, focus the 
campus-wide efforts regarding 
cross-cultural understanding and 
sensitivity, and ultimately. to en-
hance the overall campus climate 
ofUCSD." 

Marshall College Junior Sena-
tor Mike Lim, who submitted the 
resolution in favor of the center, 
introduced it to the council by say-
ing that the campus is in the midst 

See DEBATE, Page 3 
Marshall College JunIor 
Senator MIke LIm 

Students Call 
For Budget 
Increase 
By Eric Schmidt 
Senior Staff Wfiter 

As part of a national push to increase feder:!' 
education spending, students from UCSD, San 
Diego State University, community colleges 
and local high schools will ruBy in front of the 
Federal Building tomorrow at 4 p.m. 

Students will leave at 3 p.m. from the 
Student Center parking lot, next to the Grove 
Cafe, for the downtown event, which will 
include speakers and entertainment. Rally 
participants hope to convince President Bill 
Clinton to increase the share of the federal 
budget dedicated to education from 1.8 to 2.8 
percent. 

UP FOR GRABS 
"There has been a movement in society to 

re-prioritize education after years of it being 
a low priority," said Marshall College junior 
Jay Cheval ier, a member oWCSD Concerned 
Students who helped organize the raBy. 

According to Chevalier, the movement to 
gain one percent more of the federal budget , 
initiated by the U.S. Student Association 
(US SA), came at a good time for Concerned 
Students. which formed just two weeks ago 
on the UCSD campus. 

Kelly eo.m. handl out 1rmb8nda to lucky UCSD ltudentl vylnl for Pink Floyd 
tlcketl at the PrIce Center on Saturday mornl .... 

UC Professor Clud1enges 
Qaims of Administrative Cuts 
REPORT: Schwartz calls UC's 
claim that administration has 
been cut by 20 percent a 'lie' 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

)n the latest of a series of reports on the 
University of California' s budget. UC Berke-
ley Physics Professor Emeritus Charles 
Schwartz claims that the UC's administrative 
expenses have not been cut by the 20 percent 
that university officials claim. 

The repon focuses on an Office of the 
President reply to a previous Schwartz report. 
which commented on administrative wasle 
and expenditures. Schwanz's latest report also 
addresses the stdllnent made by UC Presi-

dent Jack Peltason on March 3, 1993, in 
which Peltason said. "As a result of recent 
budget cuts, campus and Office of the Presi-
dent budgets for administration were cut by 
five percent in 1990-91 and again in 1991-92. 
for a total cut of 10 percent or $25 million. An 
additional cut of 10 percent. or nearly $20 
million, has been made in 1992-93; funher 
cuts will be made in 1993-94." 

"No matter how you slice it. the conclu-
sion is the same. President Peltason' 5 c1ai m of 
a 20 percent cut in administration is com-
pletely contradicted by the data." Schwartz 
said. 

''This is a deliberate misinformation strat-
egy by the administration." he added. "I think 
it is just a lie." 

See COSTS, r I~e 7 

Concerned Students, which now has 39 
members at UCSD and affiliates at UC Santa 
Cruz and Santa Barbara. quickly tried to tackle 
the federal budget issue. Last week, a post-
card drive aimed at federal politicians gained 
hundreds of signatures, according to Cheva-
lier. 

Chevalier said the push for federal dollars 
is particularly important as fees at the Univer-
sity of California continue to rise . "We don't 
think we can effectively demand that the fee 
increases be stopped." he said . 

According to Chevalier, about $50 million 
from federal coffers given to the UC will 
eliminate the need for furt.her fee hikes. That 
money would come from the requested 2.8 
percent of the $1.5 trillion federal budget. 
Funds would be distributed to c()lkgc~ . high 
schools and elementary schnob natillll ,dly. 

"This is concerned with ",dlll'alil lil .Jcross 
the board. so it" s something C\ I! fyllne can get 
involved with," said Concerned Students 
member and Fifth College senior Jenner 
McCloskey. 



! NEWS 

A.S. Media Committee 
Looks to Revise Charter 
MEE11NGS: New document would solidify the 
·responsibilities of both A.S. and campus publications 
By Alexander Thl ..... 
Staff Writer 

The ASUCSD Media Commit-
tee is currently revising its charter 
in an allempt to clarify the many 
ambiguities in the current docu-
ment. 

A.S. Commissioner of Com-
munications and Committee Chair 
Bik-Na Park has set 

clearly detined. The possibility of 
contractual agreements between 
the A.S. and its media has also 
been proposed. This could require 
a minimum number of issues a 
newspaper would have to publish 
per quarter, as well as define legal 
protection rights for the papers 
from A.S. interference. 

goals to solidify the 
responsibilities of 
the A.S. and its 
media while avoid-
ing any possible 
misinterpretations 
of the new docu-
ment. "We want a 
new charter that 
clarifies the re-
sponsibilityand.ac-
.:ountability for 
Doth the A.S. and 
the media" she 
sa id. 

"We want a new 
chart.r that 
cl.m •• the 
responsibilitY 
and 
accountability 
for both the A.SI 

the A.S. would 
also be unable to 
censor p ... :-lica-
tions by withhold-
ing money from 
the media, except 
in the case of a 
proven breach of 
contract. Cur-
rently, the charter 
does not prohibit 
the Media Com-
mittee from cen-
sori ng publications 
by withholding 
funding. 

One of the most 
visi ble problems 
of the current char-
ler is the lack of a 
i equired waiting 
period before me-
dia can apply for 
funding from the 
A.S . While new 
student organiza-
tions must exist for 
at least a quarter 
before being eli-

and the lRedla." 

One representa-
tive from each pub-
lication is allowed 
a non-voting ex 
officio member on 
the committee, 
though thus far 
only the People's 
Voice, a publica-
tion that addresses 
African American A.S. Commissioner of Communications community issues, 

gible to apply for funding, new 
medias may apply immediately 
after formation. 

By laying guidelines out in a 
charter, the responsibilities of the 
A.S. and its media would be more 

has sent a represen-
tative to sit on the committee. 

Meetings are held Wednesdays 
at 5 p.m. in the Senator'~ Cham-
bers on the third floor of the Price 
Center. All students are welcome 
to attend meetings. 

UCSD Hosts High School 
Conference on Prejudice 
By Elizabeth Mackenzie 
Staff Writer 

UCSD will play host to well 
over 200 high school students on 
Tuesday at the fourth-annual Stu-
dent Leadership Conference. 

The Anti-Defamation League 
of San Diego is sponsoring the 
conference, which will emphasize 
developing a personal response to 
prejudice. According to Anti-
Defamation League Assistant Di-

I rector Abigail Wolf, 48 local high 
:;chools will take part in the con-
ference, with 270 students and 78 
faculty members expected to at-
tend. 

Wolf said that the conference 
will "equip students with the tools 
:0 combat racism on their cam-
puses." 

All participants will attend 

morning workshops geared to-
ward identifying racism, followed 
by afternoon workshops where 
long-term solutions to these prob-
lems will be discussed. 

Students and faculty will par-
ticipate in group discussions in 
which they will have the opportu-
nity to share and analyze issues of 
racism and prejudice on high 
school campuses. 

All participants will view a dra-
matic production entitled ''The 
Hating Game" written specifically 
for the conference and performed 
by students from the San Diego 
School of Creative and Perform-
ing Arts. 

The keynote speaker will be 
Dr. Ernie McCray, Principal of 
John G. Marvin Elementary 
School. 

:J .. U:SOGo.lfIfl~~lIondIrtonlTlu1d¥""""",,,,"'onIb"-
ofUCSD. ~of1lis_ lI .. bIn. _II IIIIOIt or III IIM. ...... penNaiorI II 

1tIII:tIy~. Ol!11M,lIIf'CIU_. n.UCSO~lInaI ........ b .. _rI 
'lIIIOIdIecI ......... orlll n. ..... ..-III ............... or--.sOD 

M"lIIlu~· . !o"'III'IIU1'~ II. I'N I 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

Test: 

1 Whal impotl.nl e-/ent lool<. 
place on Dece~ 1~, 1773' 

r Qo Ho1 BE.LiEve. iN lINEqR 
t i14e . TIIElIE is rio PQ~t qNq 

f~tuIlE : QLL is OKE , QNq 

'""UI l"i \lr"J\H. 
*M~ ~Ll TI:.R1'. ') 
»I\) \)\'. 1'\1<\110"'-:' I 

I 
I 
E~I stEN<~ iN ~~ ,tl1!'oRqL ~~NSE. 
IS ilL llSoRt ~IS QIIE~tloN . 

+~QHoIlE . IS ME'NiM~LE)\ o~ 
IIo\POS~ if>LE to qt.lS\,&Il. . 

O\C.. ITS (,roM')';."()t\ \)I\) 
~2\)£\l. '«:IJ G\)~<; £'4l2 l\~E 
T~1oI IT • LDI-IG ~~ n> 
LOOK,) . \\.I'I£I+.T ,COl <; ? 

~I,~ 

\F ~OJ PIORK "!'I\) ST\)D~ REAL I4~RO 
FoR. ~EARS ANI) ~£ARS, 'j()\) COVlO 
OEVE-LOP n1£ PoWER'S 'fOIJ 

M"~Q£ I C-'101 FIt'\) 
,.. Q1..DIOACTI'I£ 
MUlORI1t: T\'\AT 
l'1li1'10.1"£'> ~t IIoITO 
A 1I'11~ UQ\J\D. 
b,LRBO~ HI>.~'= . __ __ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

SIO Professor Wins Top Honor 
Walter Munk, professor of geophysics at UCSO's 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography (510), received 
the 1992-93 Presidential Award of the New York 
Academy of Sciences. This is the highest honor be-
stowed by the academy. 

According to the academy, Munk was selected 
because of his outstanding accomplishments and 
service In the cause of science. . 

Munk is a leading authority in the study of waves, 
tides, ocean circulation, the earth's rotation and the 
use of sound to study global oceans. He Is a 
member or fellow of more than a dozen professional 
societies. 

1heoIoU Prof ••• or to Pr ••• nt 
Lectur. 011 EnvironRiental EthIcs 

Rev. Michael J. Himes, a professor of theology at 
Boston College, will lead a discussion of the theologi-
cal underpinnings of environmental ethics during a 
Feb. 17 Eugene M. Burke Lecture in Peterson Hall. 

Thursday's free public lecture will be held at 8 p.m. 
The Rev. Himes will also speak at a student colloquium 
and a faculty luncheon on campus the following day. 

A native of New York, Father Himes received a 
Bachelor of Arts in philosophy from Cathedral College 
in Brooklyn in 1968. After four years at the Seminary 
of the Immaculate Conception, he was ordained to the 
Roman Catholic priesthood for the Diocese of Brook· 
Iyn In 1972. He earned his Ph.D. in the history of 
Christianity from the University of Chicago in 1981. 

Himes believes that it is quite reasonable to look 
for the theological foundation of environmental ethics 
because everything in the natural world Is evidence of 
God's grace. 

The Burke Lectureship sponsors a permanent se-
ries of major lectures by dlstlngulshed theologians, 
philosophers and other scholars who visit the campus 
for one or more days of taachlng. 

Local CouncIl Hosts Dlacus ..... 
On Recent Mexican InIurrectlon 

The World Affairs Council of San Diego, a local non-
profit organization devoted to the discussion of Inter· 
national soclo-polltlcallssues, will focus Its upcoming 
F1ashpoints program on the topic of ·Clvil Unrest in 
Chlapas: Causes and Ramiflcatlons.· 

this 9(kninute panel discussion on the recent 
Insurrection In Chlapas, Mexico will take place on 
Wednesday at 6 p.m. at the Red Lion Inn in Mission 
Valley . . 

"In our programs, we Invite experts from the aca-
demic and business communities as well as govern-
ment officials to share their knowledge and experi-
ence,· said Pat Reeves, chairwoman of the San Diego 
World Affairs Council. 

"F1ashpolnts is one of our monthly programs: 
Reeves added. "It provides an environment for the 
discussion and analysis of the most current and 
timely International situations of conflict or coopera-
tion .• 

After the panel discussion, there will be a photo-
graphic essay of the Indigenous peoples of Chlapas, 
Micho8Can and Baja California by Mario Castillo Cerda, 
whose work was recently featured at the Tijuana 
Cultural Center. A raception will be held at 5 p.m. 

Admission with prior reservations is $8 for mem-
bers, $12 for nol'H1l8mbers and $5 for students. For 
registration, please contact the World Affairs Council 
at 235-0111. 

UCSD Graduate School to Hold 
C •• er Fair Lat. TIlls MontII 

UCSD's Graduate School of International Relations 
and Pacific Studies (IRIPS) will hold a Business and 
Government Career Fair on Feb. 22 from 10 a.m. to 3 
p.m. at the Robinson Building Complex. 

RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Deslln Editor 

ElAINE CAMUSO, Assoclat. News Editor 
DAVID CHa, Photo Editor 

.lllson Thompson. B • .., Welker 

IRIAN K. Huna, Sport. Editor 
,"IUP MICHAB.I, News Editor 

MOJII MIllER, AssocltJt. Spotts Editor 
JIFII JIIIEAL, HI.tus Editor 

.IONJIIA PALMa, Assoclet. News Editor 
YAltay ZOLOTORIV, Assoclet. Photo Editor 

Dlll8111111: Jell La,..n, Brenna latham. Brian lee, Mareu. lobbla. Anneue 
lou<lOn 
PIIOT08IIAJIIIIIII: Romeo Carambas. Timothy ellen. Jason Curran. Dan 

~II, ChUck ~n, Jason Ritchie, Danny RUlpinl. Mrf Zlot 
copy ItIAOllll:Sarllh Femakl. MIn Mme., Sara Rudolph , Jenny Wrenn 
TYI'IIT: Tim Lin 
ACCOUNT IlllCUTm: jennifer DocIson 
ADVIJITIIIMI AlllSTAIIIT: Tara Eof! 
ClltCUlAIICIII AlllSTAIIIT: D8v1<l Rop .. , C .... StOkle 

'oX -.... "'""'" .. __ 01 n. ucso ........ \IIIIImIIr rI CIIIbIIII. .. .. 
~StI*b, n.UCSDa..lllnIlMldld_.., .............. ~_ ...... ..... 
• 1I1UI_blllJl\. Cn Udell, Wrenn 

__ IT"'" WRI1IIII: Ben Bo,chuk. Karen ChenC. Francisco DeVries. Ben 
~ncI.="" 0. JoIInIon, D8n Kr_., lien ,,-"man, Olllkl Snow • 

L IT"'" • Erin Anderson. 5/llftnon 1IrIIdy. Oebra 1Ion,"In. GIne Fralchl, 
.,. DtANDREA, Bu.I"," ",.,.,,, 

MlCIIAIL FOULKS, AdvenI.1fW M.,.,,,. 
MlIII MARTINI%, ~ 0...,., 

lIN IOYCIIUIl, CI .. sHIed ~tMI¥t 
EcIItorI .. : 5~580. IIuIIneaa omc:e: 5:M-3488, F .. : 5:M-7881 
UCSD aU"""", 9&00 Gilman Drive 031.8, 

L. Joll., CA 92093-0318 
_1Oc8IIooI: --.., "-. UC80 __ c.nw..-. .,.. 

ERIC ICHMIDT, Editor In CIIIe, John ~. Den HMtIl, Oenlll Hutst. Men ... _, 81.., JoI\nIon, (rill 
...... JII RlTC"'1, p-" l __ u___ JoIInIon, DIn Km\. EIIzIbeth MlCkenlle. Murall Moonhy. Jtnnlfef NIcolI. Jeft 
-- ... ,",uucl,..,n .~_-. fIrauCht. Ely IIIIIII'I1. Rltu Sa .. na. Stephanie SImOn. Oen s-nr. AIIII8ncIer 

DOUG ALIXAIIIDEA, Opinion Editor TlI_. II.- WIIIIh 
MANNON aEDIOE, Copy Editor IWInIIAT1IIII: MIcIII Croll. NItNn Erlln.Roc-rKuo. DomInic lobbIII. AI Sponc. 

~-~~~~~~ 

Monday, February 14,1994 

OHYEAH! 
uan MCOoweIi/Guan1ian 

c .... Trybe 0. ........ lifter he dl8covers he wa first In line for 
PInk Floyd tickets at Jack MW'PItJ Stadium. Tryba was tile first of 
over 2,100 people to puIChae tickets for the Aprtl14 concert_ 

Wanted: A Design Editor 
Interested? Call 534-6580 and ask for Miguel or Eric 

AutIlmllttve Repel" 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

The UCSD Guardian 

DEBATE: A.S. 
postpones decision 
on resolution 
Continued from pqe 1 
of a "tremendous crisis" in terms 
of the underrepresentation of cer-
tain racial groups. Citing statistics 
on retention rales of these groups 
at UCSD, and area high schools' 
graduation percentages versus 
UCSD graduate levels, Lim said 
that the administration's goals for 
solving the problem of 
underrepresentation are not being 
met by the programs and policies 
already in existence. 

"rt is obvious that we, as a cam-
pus, have failed to find solutions 
to this problem because the situa-
tion has not improved," Lim said. 

He urged the council to con-
sider the implications of its votes. 
"Jf we do not support this, it will 
put out the message that we are not 
moving toward a solution for this 
problem," Lim added. 

Muir Senior Senator Elliot 
Kamin, who authored the second 
resolution calling for an alterna-
tive plan, said he was concerned 
that the center may become an 
exclusive space for underrepre-
sented studen ts, rather than a place 
for cross-cultural communication. 

"It's become pretty clear to me 
that this is going to be a cross-
cultural center built by these five 
student organizations [cited in the 
proposal 1, for those organizations, 
with an administrative body con-
sisting of members of those orga-
nizations," said Kamin, adding that 

See DEBATE, Page 7 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda HVllnliall"f bu:lill8lll"'" 
Mlteublu. Isuzu Acura 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers/ 

Minor Tune Up SpeCial $24 ~eg. $55) 
1 S rk I Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes' . pa pugs . 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjust dwell angle 10. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. check clutch 11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
5. Check and replenish alilluid 9. Check lights 12. Road test 

and oil levels 

35-point Major Service SpeCial $64 * 
. Extra for fuel·injected. Our major /une up includes: (rag. $150) 

1 . Compression tesl . . . 
2, Valve adjusunent 11 . Adlust tIming 20. lube Iront end 28. Check and recha'ge 

Replace: 12. Adjust <M$1t angle 21 . Check & replenish all ballaries il necessa 
3. Valve cover gasket. 13. AdluSI carburetor . fluid & oil ~s 29. Aolate I~es (K~) 
4. Spark plugs. t4 . Adjust air & fuel ratIO 22. Check electncal syslem 30~ Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points. ml~lure . 23. Check 101 loose & IoSI 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. AdjuSI steeling bo. bolts 32. Check all holders 
7. Air lilter. 16. AdjUSI clutch 24 . Check brakes 33. Check cooling syslem & 
S. Oil filter. 17. AdjUst brakes 25. Check clutch tloaes 
9. Gas filter, and IS. AdjUSI emergency brakes 26, Check lights . 34. Check e.haust system 
10. Engine oil 19. Check & adjust e.posed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road test 

belts 'Of damages 
Nolo: lor 6.q1""'" W! odd $20. Toyotl s.pr ... odd $30. 0_ 20jISx _ 8op1f11 pIugt. odd $35. 

Complete . $164 * 
Clutch Job 
....... 1._""" ....... '._-, Z __ 

l .C:-'" 
.""-....... 
5 .......... 
.... _011 
7_ ... 

---
.... c..-_ 
... _".. ... 

--. 

Brake Job $39* 
SpeCial (r8O. S80) 

Front Of rut 'fIIItf job includes: 1._ ..... -_,.-,. 
--
Z. DrairI"' __ 
, ............. ",...~ 
..II1II....--

5 . .... __ ~ 

• · ... _IM_I ... 

--
7· ..... ___ 1· 

--, 
•. --

Timing Belt Special $99* 
8r1nll new parts. AlII .lIout a.splCl.II an .... 1111. Alla,r warII hli • 2.,..r or 

2O.aoo-mll. IIm.lt ... "....,. All prlcn Incl.,I. palta •• I.llor . X 8008 Miramar Rd. 
695-1990 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Lights and Sirens Is a selection of entries compiled from the log book of 
the UCSO Police Department. 
Saturday, Feb. II 
12:25 p.m.: A student reported burglary to a room in Stuart Hall. Loss: 
$533. 
.. ....." Feb.' 
8:10 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a red '86 Toyota pickup truck 
from Lot 208. Loss: $3,000. 
8:37 p.m.: Officers transported a 40-year·old male non·affiliate from the 
Price Center to detox for public drunkenness. 
Monday, Feb. 7 
4:55 p.m.: A student reported burglary to a room in Tenaya Hall. Loss: 
$260. 
5:00 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a white '82 Toyota Starlet 
in lot 502. Loss: $100. 
8:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Blue '90 Nissan pickup truck 
from La Jolla Shores Blvd. Loss: $4,500, 
9:00 p.m.: A Residential Security Officer confiscated a keg from Harlan 
Hall. 
TuHdlly, Feb.S 
4:03 p.m.: A student reported the theft of the driver's side mirror from a 
vehicle in Lot 701. Loss: $100. 
7:30 p.m.: Officers located a 29-year-old non·affiliated missing person. 
Transported to County Mental Health for being a danger to ·himself. 
10:40 p.m.: Officers arrested a 20-year·old female student in Lot 504 for 
misuse of a handicapped placard. Cited and released. 
~ednelday, Feb.' 
8:15 8.m.: A passenger injured her arm after falling off a Cushman cart 
on Matthews Drive near the Price Center. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital. 
3:10 p.m.: A student reported indecent exposure in Lot 356. 
8:05 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a silver '88 Jeep Laredo Trom 
Lot 357. Loss: $12,000. 
Thunder, Feb. 10 
8:40 p.m.: A student reported burglary to a room in Tioga Hall. Loss: 
$1,160. 
2:45 p.m.: Officp.rs arrested a 22·year-old male non-affiliate in Lot 207 for 
outstanding warrants, lack of license plates, giving false information to a 
peace offICer and driving with a suspended license. Transported to City Jail. 
6:30 p.m.: Officers arrested a 17·year-old male non-affiliate for a no-bail 
warrant of vandalism and assault. and arrested a 22·year·old male non-
affiliate for felony evading, possession of burglary tools and reSisting 
arrest at Eastgate Mall and Genesee after pursuit from campus. 
FrIcbIy, Feb. U 
10:60 a.m.: A staff member reported slashed tires in Lot 302. 
4:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a purse from Central Library. 
Loss: $150. 

-Compiled by Erik Johnson, Staff WrIter 

fun and proles' , Slona 
atmosphere" 

1 " 

t1 ~o1 .~, .~. ee'v.\ !t"~, . "'. '>II 

Call 535-1433 for info 
WlllfillII. e.r.lrtI7/I4 

CIlIa 1IPPOiI"" 
or visit 711 UnMlrsity Center, 2nd floor; 

(above Outboc:k AMntures, behind the new Visual Arts Building, 
near Fifth College) 10 MI out an application! 



4 OPINION Tlit' l',l:SI> G'lImlilill MII,"luy. F.·,II·II ... ·~ ' , I. 1')')1 

THE YUGOLSLAVIAN CIVIL WAR 

Benign Neglect? 
COMMENTARY: Military intervention in Bosnia, even if it were likely to succeed, would come at a tenible cost to the United States 

3y Rob Levinson 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

T HECARNAGE INBOSNIAHASONCEAGAIN hit the front pages. and it appears that the United States is about to increase its military involve-rilent in the region. Why has 
the United States upped the ante and, more 
importantly, is this wise? 

To borrow a phrase from a recent National 
Public Radio broadcast, our attitude toward 
Bosnic: seems to be driven'bY two metaphors 
~ulling us in opposite directions. On the one 
:Iand, memories of the Holocaust resonate 
·.vhen Semian policies of "ethnic 
cleansing" are brought to light. 
On the other, the legacy of Viet-
nam comes to mind when we think 
of gradually increasing our involvement in a 
civil war where the objectives remain iii-de-
fined . 

In many ways, the debate over what to do 
;enters on which metaphor becomes dominant~ 
.)oes the moral imperative of "another Holo-
~aust" demand involvement? Or should the 
:ear of "another Vietnam" make us wary of 
:Ioing anything which risks dragging us into a 
quagmire? I think that the Vietnam metaphor is 
more instructive. ~ 

This is not to say that I'm unmoved by the ~ 
devastation in Bosnia. As a Jew,l find reports of 
genocide. euphemistically termed "ethnic cJeans-
:ng," particularly disturbing. I,like many others, 
share the feelings of Eli Weisel, the "Bard of the 
dolocaust" and Nobel Prize-winning author. 
it's hard to forget his words at the dedication of 
. he Holocaust Memorial in Washington when 
le admonished President Clinton by saying, "I 
.Javebeen to Yugoslavia, Mr. President,and you 
.nust do something." His implicit cry of "Never 
Again!" hung in the air. 

However, if we are to use the Holocaust 
analogy, we must note the differences between 
30snia and World War ll. What is happening in 
30snia today is an ethnic civil war over age-old 
hatreds and territorial ambitions, not the system-
:ltic extermination of unarmed citizens by their 
Jwn government. Additionally, while the Sems 
~hould no doubt be taken seriously, there's little 
evidence that their ambitions extend beyond the 

borders of the former Yugoslavia. Finally, though 
we may not like it, we did not declare war on 
Germany to save European Jewry. No, like all 
questions of war and peace, our involvement 
was dri ven by national interest. 

What is our "national interest" in BoSnia? 
This is precisely where the Vietnam legacy steps 
to the forefront. While the national interest in 

perative for intervention. Moral and humanitar-
ian concems were enough to warrant placing 
30,000 American lives in harm's way. and hun-
dreds of thousands of Somali lives were saved. 
Unfortunately, Somal ia ill ustrales another poi nt: 

as the conflict drags on, American com-
mitment has waned, The problem with 
U.S. intervention in Somalia, as in 
Bosnia, is whether or not we can solve 
the root causes of the conflict to bring 

about a solution. How do we treat the disease 
and not just its symptoms? 

Since the Gulf War, many seem enamored 
with airpoweras the antiseptic solution to world 
crisis. (Losing a classmare on a combat mission 
over Kuwait has taught me that this option is not 
always so clean.) "Let's bomb the Seri>s,that'li 
stop 'em!" or so the thinking goes. 

But whom and what do we bomb? Artillery 
positions around Sarajevo? Roads and bridges 

being used as Semian supply lines? Govern-J'" ment buildings in Belgrade? What happens 
when we inevitably miss and a bomb lands in the 
middle of a Serbian village? Do we continue? 
Have we made things better? Even assuming 
that our targets are easy to identify and our 
bombs are "smart" enough to hit them, we're 
still left with the central question: wi II it make a 

Dominic Lobla/GuarctioWl 
Vietnam was dubious at best, in Bosnia there is 
none at all. The war has droned on for several 
years, and I defy anyone to demonstrate how 
Americans' lives have been significantly af-
fected. 

But some would say, "What about Soma-
lia?" As in the former Yugoslavia, Somalia 
presents no evident economic or strategic im-

difference? This seems improbable. 
Air power has never lived up to its promise. 

Bombing an enenl>:. hI6 SWl'nI~ion bas pro'Yed 
easier said than done. History is replete with 
examples. The Gennan Blitz of London only 
stiffened British resolve. The Allied bombing of 
Germany had the same effect. More bombs 
.were dropped on North Vietnam than in all of 
Wol'ld War D, yet the North did not surrender . 

Even during the Gulf War, arguably the most 
effective air campaign in history, the ground 
forces were left to drive the Iraqis from Kuwait. 
Only the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki 
brought about the surrender of an enemy with-
out a ground invasion - but I haven't seen 
anyone advocating the use of nuclear weapons 
on Belgrade. The Seri>s see this as a war for 
survival - a few bombs from NATO aircraft 
are unlikely to change their minds. 

Then what happens when it doesn't? Do we 
say, "Oh wel~ we gave it our best shot." Not 

See QUAGMIRE, Page 6 

COMMENTARY: It is essential that the international community take 
military action to stem the tide of killing in Bosnia 

ly Doul Alexander . 
Opinion Editor 

1991 was a year of great hope. The 
wall had fallen. Communism was 
0Cing crushed and shredded in the 
gears of history. The statist econo-
mies of the Third World were moving 
:0 free-market models. And, like 
magic, the instability of the multipo-
:ar world almost seemed manageable. 

After the Gulf War it was said that 
we had found a model for stability in 
the post-Cold War world. The United 
3tates was to play the global rent-a-
cop, ready to employ its massive arms 
with the blessing of the "international 
community," whenever and wherever 
intervention was needed. 

As the first bomb fell on Baghdad, 
~xpressi ng the world's resolve to up-
:lOld international law, human rights 
3nd democracy, the U.N. finally 

seemed to be working. It sanctified 
the Bush administration's "capitulate 
or die" ultimatum given to Iraq. Per-
haps the meta-national peacekeeping 
institution wasn't doomed to sink into 
the sludge pile of noble. but flawed 
ideas. after all. Or so the revisionists 
would have it. 

In 1994, things look quite differ-
ent. Not only have bloody ethnic and 
political conflicts spilled from the col-
lapsed Soviet state, but these conflicts 
have escalated to genocIdal heights, 
and the international community has 
essentially stood around and watched. 
The much-touted hope for the United 
Nationshascrumbled underthe weight 
of reality. Or more specifically, real 
palilik. 

In the last two years, during the 
Yugoslavian civil war, we've learned 
a bitter lesson about the nature of the 

It' ........ lItad tIIIIt 
200,000 people .... 
...... Id .... -many 
vIctI .. .,. 

~C8I""" 
., ............ .ocIde-
In the past two , .... 

"international community" and the 
United Nations. The lesson is this: if 
the world's power holders have no 
concrete "national interests" at stake, 
even the worst conflicts ~ Hlcely to 
be given low international priority. 

Some are actually ignored. For 
example. the bloody conflict which 
exploded in African stale of Burundi. 
where an estimated I so.OOO people 
have been killed since Seplember, 
remains virtually unknown in the 
West. 

Compare IrtIq with the former Yu-
goslavia. National interests are pre-
cisely what ditremmala the decisive 
1991 "globaleffon"tosmashSaddam 
Hu~sein from the two yeII'I of merry-
go-round-inaction in the case of 
Bosnia. 

The momenl Iraq III:pped -'* 
IheborderofKuwlic,dIe..-...._ 

- with England. France and Ger-
many comfortably in its wings -
successfully manipulaledinlemational 
opinion into supportina the war ef-
fort. And despite all the noise and 
reverb from ~ White House about 
human rigID and sovereignty and-
inmdulously - democracy, the in-
tensive bombing of Iraq came down 
to one thins: IqionaI power in the 
world's richest oil 1'CIICI'Ve. 
. ~ are no such Interests In the 
former Yugoslavia. There is "only" a 
moral imperative. This is the primat)' 
reason why mthing has been done to 
stem the IarJIest bloodletting in Eu-
rope since the ondofWorId War II. In 
fact, h'l JRCisely the hemming and 
hawiq of die intemationaJ heary-
weights which hils allowed the situa-
tion ill 80Inia 10 ttaIare to IIICh 

See .. ~,P.6 

Monday, February 14, 1994 'rhe UCSD Guardian OPINION ;j 

~MENTARY: Though Rush Limbaugh wants to be accepted as an intellectual, his very popularity lies in his lowbrow polemics 

THE RUSH CHRONICLES 

DAVID 

Before I · begin, I 
would fust like to state 
thall refusetojustify my 
occasional listening to 
and enjoyment of Rush 
Limbaugh. r m a mature 
adult and an enlightened 
college student and can 
listen to and enjoy any-
thing I want without 
shame or fear of brow-
beating from my peers. SJ1IIW It seems that the r0-
tund, conservative radio 
commentator has be-

come the ~rsona non grato of the media world. 
His popularity is even considered by some to be 
more menacing than that of shock-radio king 
Howard Stem. The difference between the two 
is that Stem has never claimed to be righteous. 
intellectually consistent or a disseminator of 
truth. Rush facetiously claims to be all three. . 

HisdecidedJy untactful discussions of social 
and political issues are well known. Pro-choice 
leaders and radical feminists are "feminazis." 
He ca1ls Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan 
"Calypso Louie." Environmentalists are "long-
haired. maggot-infested dope addicts." And. 
perflapsmostOUlrBgeOUSof all, he praises widely-
ridiculed public personalities like Dan Quayle 
and Oliver North. 

Despite his aversion to any moderate discus-
sion of an issue. it's refreshing to hear commen-
tary from someone who wears biulike a badge 
of honor. The American media is one of the few 
in the world which has the gall to claim objectiv-
ity. In Europe and Asia, newspapers can usually 
be classified by political persuasions, such as 
pro-Labor, pro-OUna or whatever. Sure. you 
get headlines like "Prime Minister Bows to 
Foreign ImperiaIists," but at least you know 

where the paper is coming 
from. 

The same is true for 
Rush. Before his show, p0-
litical commentary was 
bound to the tedious both-
sides-of-the-issue format, 
in which, for instance, gay-
rights activislS and Chris-
tian fundamentalists are 
paired to debate sexual eth-
ics. This format reached ilS 
zenith when Geraldo 
Rivera put skinheads and a 
black power activist on the 
same show and a brawl 
broke out in which some-
one threw a chair at 
Geraldo's face. These 
shouting matches are al-

Ru_ ..... pnlus for 
setting Up __ men: 

tary school somewhere in 
the Midwest which set up 
rules stipulating that if a 
girl wanted to play with a 
group of boys, they had to 
let her, But if a boy wanted 
toplaywithagroupofgirls, 
they had the right to shut 
him out. The actualcircum-
stances of this policy are 
unknown and, for the pur-
poses of the show, irrel-
evant. Rush presents the 
story as incredulously as 
possible and exploits it as 
liberal stupidity Exhibit A. 

he first deft_ 
......... forus,-
att.:ks " with 
precision .... finality. 

His show consists 
mostly of him leafing 
t.hrough newspapers and 
finding government pro-

ways entertaining, but their novelty wears out 
with excessive exposure. 

Rush set a new standard for news commen-
tary. Gone are the annoying mediations of 
tallcshow hosts. Gone is the hemming and haw-
ing that broadcasters have togo through to avoid 
offending a portion of their listeners. Rush just 
sits heavily on hiS' "Attila the Hun chair" and 
carries out verbal assassination on all things left 
of center. Thanks to his precedent, we San 
Diegans can now listen to similarly-formatted 
shows by conservatives G. Gordon Liddy and 
Roger Hedgecock. 

Rush has a genius for setting up straw men: 
he first defines liberalism for us, then attacks it 
with precision and finality. The entertainment 
value of his show lies in his unearthing of the 
most hilariously bad policy ideas in the United 
Stares. These are always, of course, implemented 
by liberals. 

For instance. he recently exposed an elemen-

grams and policy ideas to make fun of. This he 
does well, considering there's no one to defend 
his objects of ridicule. This is certainly much 
more entertaining than listening to "Linger" by 
the Cranberries over and over again on 91 X. 

The problem is, Rush is trying to gain cred-
ibility as a real conservative intellectual, the 
likes of William F. Buckley Jr., and distance 
himself from his image as the jester of the 
Republican pany. He'll never do this if he keeps 
up his straw-man tactics. And if he ever suc-
ceeds in presenting himself as something more 
than a right-wing hitman, the entertainment 
value of his show will be diminished. 

For instance, he seems incapable of giving 
credit where credit is due. He yearns for a nation 
run by the ideals of the GOP. And yet, when 
Clinton prOposes a very Republican-style policy, 
like he has on welfare reform, Rush gelS tlus-
tered and claims that Clinton is insincere. The 
least he could do is give the president the benefit 

of the doubt. Rush mistakenly believes lhat 
praising any Clinton idea will ruin the credibil-
ity of his show. Given the president's approach 
to free trade, welfare and the death penalty, to 
say that Clinton is not a new type of Democrnt 
is stubborn and intellectually dishonest. 

However, much to the detriment of Rush's 
intellectual credibility, his chann lies in his 
stubborn refusal to accept clllyrhillg done by the 
current administration as being worthy of pmise. 
This was made embarrJSsingly clear when he 
appeared on the David Letterman show. 
Letterman, media's most apolitical personality, 
asked Rush if there was anything at all that he 
liked about President Clinton. Rush paused drd-
mati cally and thought hard, to which Letterman 
replied, "Oh,c'mon! You'rejustacting." As the 
audience laughed, Rush looked all the more like 
an amusing clown. 

Rush's act has earned him a gold mine and 
millions of listeners, but it won't earn him any 
respect from intellectuals. Sadly, I think this is 
what he deeply desires. The COllege dropout 
and self-made man just wants respect and is 
constantly obsessing about his public image. 

He's in a catch-22. He will only be more 
respected if he gets off the make-fun-of- Hi I lacy 
schtick. But lowbrow commentary like making 
fun of Hillary is his true calling and talent and his 
show would become boring if he turned into Mr. 
Nice Guy. 

Frankly, I hope that as the years go by,l will 
still be able to find refuge from the repetitive 
drivel ofFM rddio and laugh as I listen to Rush's 
mock caricatures of his favorite Democrats and 
libemls. 

The dark humor lies not only in his irreverent 
observations of non-Republican America, but 
in the possibility that he and millions of "ditto-
heads" across the nation may actually believe 
every word he says. 

Name ________ ~-'---:-_ 

(OSTAVERDE 
<cnTeR 

At The: Corner Of Genesee & La Jolla Village Drtve. 
Free Convenient Covered Parking. 458-9270 

C~------__ ._------------

Zip _. -:::: _________ _ 

Dcadlin( (0 (nl(r is Tuqday, March 1, 1994, Four 
winnm will be sdcctcd by random drawing and will 
be noti&d by mail. fmployecs of Costa V(rd( stores 
1ft nOl digibl(. 

---------------------------------------------=--~------~---------



6 OPINION 

QUAGMIRE: 
Intervention will 
lccomplish nothing 
~ontlnued from peae 4 
likely. Again, Vietnam comes to mind. 
Fir.;t we bomb. then we bomb more, 
then we send in weapons, then advi-
sor.;, then ground troops, then ... then 
the body bags start coming home. 
When does the cost become too high? 

Think about Somalia. Despite the 
counlless lives saved from starvation. 
when 18 Americans were killed. our 

NEGLECT: We 
have moral mandate 
to intervene 

~ontlnued from page 4 
horrific proportions. 

[t' estimated that nearly 200,000 
people have been ki lled - many vic-
!im of a systematic campaign of eth-
nic genocide - in the past two years. 
:Jrotesque torture and rape are widely 
;eported. No one is spared from the 
~rutality : women, children, the eld-
~rly, the disabled have all become 
:argels. And although there has been 
·.lbuse on all sides, it's quite clear that 
the onus belongs to the Serbs, who 
:lave invaded the U. .-recognized 
·tate of Bosnia. 

But this is not to say the Serbs are 

resolve crumbled and the presidenl 
announced a withdrawal. For beneror 
worse, American lives proved more 
valuable than Somali lives. They 
would prove more valuable than 
Bosnian lives as well. 

How many American pilots would 
have to be shot down before our deter· 
mination would weaken? If a few pi-
lots die and we change our minds, then 
what would be the pointoftheirdeaths1 
Whenever this nation commits to 
anned action anywhere, we must ask 
ourselves, "Is this worth dying forT 

Aoother oft-touted remedy is the 

"the enemy," or that there's a simple 
solution to the prol?lems facing the 
region. However, there are steps which 
can and should be taken by the inter-
national community. Though to little, 
too late, the recent NATO resolution, 
which will allow air strikes of Serbian 
military targets if they do not move 
out of Serejavo by Feb. 20, is a begin-
ning. NATO should also include 
Serbian military targets outside of 
Bosnia. 

It ' s essential that the international 
community respond strongly to the 
gross human rights abuses committed 
by the Serbs. Since the Muslims can-
not effecti vely defend themselves, 
outside support is necessary. At this 
level of the conflict , aside from the 
seemingly far· tlung chance of a peace 
agreement, force - or threat of force 

The UCSD Guardian 

lifting of the arms embargo against 
the Bosnian Muslims. The logic of 
this boggles the mind. We're going to 
make things better by giving people 
more weapons to kill each ()(her? "But 
the Bosnians need to defend them-
selves," many cry. They seem to be 
doing a pretty fair job of 
that already. 

Assuming we can even get the 
weapons to them, what guarantee do 
we have that if the Bosnians get the 
upper hand they won't begin their 
own campaign of"e!hnic cleansing'!' 
The recently-released Slate Depart-

- is the only means of readjusting a 
balance of power in the fonner Yugo-
slavia. The point is not to ''bomb the 
Serbs into submission," but, to estab-
lish a relative advantage for Bosnian 
Muslims. 

A necessary component of this 
strategy is to lift the anns embargo 
against Bosnian Muslims. The logic 
is similar: If the Muslims cannot de-
fend themselves, they wi II continue to 
be victimized by Serbian forces. The 
Serbs areadvancingprecisely because 
they can and the contlict is escalating 
because the Serbs are able to escalate 
it. If the M u sli ms were anned, there 
would be a greater equilibrium and a 
lesser incentive and ability -on both 
sides - to escalate the contlict. 

These actions require minimal in-
ternational commitment. Despite op-

Intelligent? Witty? Articulate? 
radio-dramatist 

o e F ran 
will b e at the 

UCSD Bookstore 

12:00 Tuesday., 
February 15 

to autorrraph and read hi fir t work in print : 

THE QUEEN OF PUERTO RICO 
and O th er Stories 

II)AwlN 
534- READ 

ment report on human rights indi~ates 
that atrocities have been commined 
by all sides. Adding fuel to the tire 
cannot improve the situation. 

Where does this leave us'? Unfor-
tunately, with more questions than 
answers. But this doesn ' t mean we 
should sit on the sidelines and do 
nothing. While we should avoid di-
rect military intervention, we can sup-
port diplomatic, political and eco-
nomic pressures on all parties to end 
the fighting. Should they come to an 
agreement, we should offer whatever 
help we can. 

ponents' fears that the United States 
will be drawn into a quagmire, that 
committing to air strikes will inevita-
bly lead to further and deeper involve-
ment, there's good reason to believe 
that the bombing of Serbian military 
pOsitions will be effecti vet 

. Though many, from both right and 
left, have called for harsher measures 
against the Serbs, these are probably 
unnecessary. The point is to fill a 
power vacuum, not to destroy or break 
the Serbian's wil l. 

Will it cost the United States, 
France, Germany, Britain and other 
involved states? Yes, it will. Though 
airstnkes, as Clinton has pointed out, 
pose minimal risks the li ves of sol-
diers, it's true they are nOl fail-safe. 

But the idea that intervention must 
and should be based on some defini-

M"'lIlu~' . "',·III·IIIII·~' II. I'JlJI 

President Clilllllll hit the n~il on 
the head when he :.:lid thatth" cllntli~t 
will ultimately eno when the comhat -
ants decide it 's in their interest to~top 
killing each other. I'm n:minoc:o of 
the observation of ~ resiuc:nt of Bc!irut 
during the civil war in Lebanon who. 
when asked when the war would end 
replied, "It will end when we start 
loving our chi Idren more than we huh! 
each other." 

As frustrating a.~ it may be,there' s 
little we or anyone else can do to make 
the Serbs,the Muslims and the Croats 
start loving their children. 

tion of "national interests" is mor.llly 
bankrupt and often leads to the most 
nasty, cynical and brutish foreign policy 
game. U.S. history offer.; some tine 
examples of this. 

The situation in Bosnia compels 
us to act. Our non-interventionist 
stance is analogous to the phenom-
enon of people witnessing ·- from 
their apartment windows, from their 
automobiles, from the sidewalk - a 
vicious beating, murder or rope ano 
doing nothing to stop it. "I just did n't 
want to get involved," is the common 
response. 

The international community hu. 
stood silent and watched the killing in 
Bosnia far too long. It 's time to tum the 
tide and make a commitment to answer 
the Bosnian people's cries for help. 
Can we live with oursel ves if we don' t? 

Come write for the Guardian. 
For more info 534-2016 

If to(l 'Otl'T 60T IT" 
6f.T IT.'" THE DISCOVER CARD PRESENTS A PREVIEW 

SCREENING OF A MJUOR 
NEW MOTION PICTURE FROM 

gluomount gieIIueJ 

Joe Frank. ha achieved a 
cult followinO" with hi evening 
hroadca t , from KCRW in Lo 
A ngele ~ on NPR and with his 
. tau work. He ha been·called 
li the apostle of radio noir," Now, 
1; rank cffortl e' ly segues to 
th e printed page with 
The Queen of Puerto Rico and 
imparts a new resonance to hi 
narrative invention . 

February 17 • Thurs. • 11 :30pm • Prke Center 
Pick-up a FREE P!lss on Feb. 14th & 17th at the 

Discover lootll .t .evelle Sundry 
SpOIsortti ~ UIIvtnIty hilts Offb & ASUCSD 

Monday. i"ebruary 14, 1994 

COSTS: 
Professor says 
spending is rising 
Continued from Pille 1 

Schwartz bases his claim on an 
analysis of UC Associate Vice 
President and Director of the Bud-
get Larry Hershman's letter dated 
Jan . 14 , 1994. In the letter, 
Hershman said that the university's 
total expenditure for administra-
tion has decreased by 2.75 percent 
over the same three-year period 
that Peltason claimed saw a 20 
percent decrease in administrat·ive 
expenditures. 

According to Schwartz, this 
discrepancy is the fundamental 
problem that he has with the Of-
fice of the President. "This is no 
small quarrel. Rather, it is the key 
to the credibility ofthe president's 
declared principle of 'sharing the 
pain' in these financially difficult 
times for the University of Cali-
fornia," Schwartz said. 

At last month's Board of Re-
gents meeting, Peltason dubbed 
the university's budget a "share-
the-pain" plan. The budget relies 
heavily upon student fee increases 
and administrative cuts to over-
come the UC's funding shortfall. 

The Berkeley professor added 
that he had originally written a 
letter asking Peltason to justify his 
claims of a 20 percent reduction in 
administrative expenditures. "In 
almost every case, [however], what 
you saw was actual growth," 
Schwartz said. 

In his analysis of !he possible 
reasons for this miscalculation, 
Schwartz suggested that adminis-

DEBATE: 
Coalition to meet 
with administration 
ContInued from page 3 
he thought the goals of the center 
would not work for the best inter-
ests of students. 

"I don't think that segregating 
a part of the campus for a certain 
group or groups is working to-
ward retaining underrepresented 
students," Kamin said. 

President Carla Tesak agreed, 
saying that she thinks that target-
ing programs for students of color, 
in particular the five specific 
underrepresented groups men-
tioned in the statement of prob-
lems section in the coalition's pro-
posal, is extremely exclusionary, 
and contradicts the notion of a 

The UCSD Cuardian 

Spendlnll Cuts: Fact or Fiction? 
uc President Jack Peltason claims that administrative 
expenditures have been cut by 20% since 1990. Berkeley 
Physics Professor Charles Schwartz says they have in fact 
increased by 3.5% because recharges (transfers of funds) are 
not counted in the President's budget. 

trative spending has actually in-
creased during the past three years, 
According to Schwartz, expendi-
tures may have risen because re-
charges, which are atmnsferof funds 
in the budget, are not included as 
administrative expenditures. 

It is also possible that Peltason 
was referring to future administra-
tive cuts as well as those imple-
mented in the last three years, 
Schwartz said. 

Schwartz believes that. re-
charges should be accounted for 
in the UC budget. Schwartz said 
that it would be impossible to come 
up with the figures that Hershman 
did when he claimed that adminis-
trative costs remained at about I I 
percent of total expenditures over 
the last three years. 

Hershman was in meetings all 
day Friday and was unavailable 
for comment. . 

Including recharges in the bud-
get would also be consistent with 
the university ' s own policy, 
Schwartz said. "Vice President 
William Baker [Hershman's su-
pervisor], in his Feb. 14, 1993 
report to the Board of Regents, 
stated authoritatively that one 

cross-cultural center. 
"I don ' t think the A.S. should 

be interested in a center which 
only delineates those five groups, 
because it only serves to isolate 
[them) further," Tesak said. 

Coalition representative Pon-
cho Guevara disagreed, suggest-
ing that the center is necessary to 
combat the detrimental effects of 
underrepresentation. 

"We're looking for the estab-
lishment of a centerthat' s going to 
have a broad base for cross-cul-
tural communication, and in order 
to do that , we need to address the 
needs of underrepresented 
groups," he said, adding that the 
proposal was written based on the 
needs of staff, faculty and students 
based on input given to the coali-
tion from the UCSD community. 

"In forming this proposal, there 

GBER 
C I I. n';, I C If I 

LA .1OU.A j DEL MAR 
'Ie ........ c..I 
___ IUt.1~ _~""1IoId 

558-m1 712;.2233 
----------I FALAFEL or 2 $ 595 I 

I GYROS for : 
I SANDWICH -pr--t..: ______ -::. e:::'~ 
: Buyl I 
I plate, second plate is I 
I HALF PRICE! : I ""',.... ____ E><p 2/2'''' • 
r---------- .. 
I 8-oz. $295 I 
I HAMBURGER I 
I IFRIES -_ I 
I ~~=, I 
-----------" 

should include recharges in count-
ing overall UC expenditures for 
administration," Schwartz said. 

According to Schwartz' s cor-
rections, when the recharges over 
the la t three years are included in 
the budget, the university has in-
creased administrative spending 
by 3.5 percent , as opposed to 
Hershman's original calculations 
which reported a decrease in 
spending of 6.7 percent. 

Schwartz added that fi gures 
from this year' s budget do not 
support any claims that Peltason 
was referring to budget cuts to be 
implemented in the coming year 
when he said that expenditures 
had been cut by 20 percent. "My 
q.uery and study were focused on 
President Peltason' s statement. ... 
That statement is clearly about 
decisions made and actions taken 
in the years up to and including 
1992-93," Schwartz said. 

UC spokesman Mike Alva had 
no comment on the report, adding 
that the Office of the President 
was currently reviewing 
Schwartz' sdata. AI va said that the 
review would take approximately 
six to eight weeks. 

was a broad base of groups behind 
the coaJition. Noone was excluded 
unless they excluded themselves," 
he said. 

"This is not an issue of whether 
the center wi II be ei ther a cross-
cultural center or a center for 
underrepresented students. It will 
be both. If you look at the pur-
poses outlined in the proposal , it 
is not disproportionately slanted 
toward one or the other," Lim 
added. 

The Cross-Cultural Center 
Coalition's proposal is currently 
being reviewed by the vice chan-
cellors for Student, Academic and 
Business Affairs offices as well as 
by the chair of the Academic Sen-
ate. These administrators, along 
with Associate Chancellor Tracy 
Strong, will meet with coalition 
mj:mbers at 2 p.m. today. 

NE\; S ';' 

. ::~ue F.RE~ ACCESSORIES*: 
L With bike purchase '~()(goodWi'h.nyaiKT()IfL-r ------------------~ ~-------, r--------, 
I $25 I 110% OFF I 
I TUNE UP I I PARTS I 
: : : & ACCESSORIES: L Reg. SjO. ]';agood ~'Hh.nY()(herolf<.,..J L MJIgood wkh.nYOIhero!fer .J 
------- -------

• 90 days same as cash financing 
• 6 montbs financing OAC 
• We will price match other advertised prices 
• Lifetime senJicewilh any bike purchase 

fV§1fj 
~ 
-
, 
.,.~~ 

U.C.jCyclery ru niversity CIty 
3246 Governor Dr. (comerofRegenIS6 Goa!rnor) 452·8842 

-

RVICE CAR WASH 
Wax Sealer 

a Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 • 
FULL SE 
& Turtle 
8505 Cost 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH e 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

OPEN 7 DAYS. AL 
SHELL GASOLINE & DIES 

'+r- UCSD 

~ l. Joli. VIII.g_ Dr. UTe I II I I :b.1 0" f! ~ 
L SOFT CLOTH WASH 
EL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------: III Full Service $ 99: 
: ~~~~~ P!! !A~! 3 "'~25 r 
I C ·\R W,\SII Not valid with any other offer. SAVE $4.26 I 
I EXl!ires 3/25194 I 

~----------------- ______ I 
~' 
~ 

a3 
en 

~ 

Q) 
> 
c 
c 
( 

BUY 
SEll 

TRADE 

1007 Garnet AVE-nile 
Pacilir Beach ;--.1 15227 

- -- -- · .. - ___ t 



8 NEWS 

H A y E A y A 

Th.· UCSI) GUlmlinn 

L E • I • E 
, s • A 

.. JIsn ...... dJI .... IIH ....... semethi ... special to 
do on ValelMi ... ·s Day ••• San Dietl • . oIIers a wide 
•• I .. d.n ............ s .... 
BY "'CH~ELA MONAHAN. STAfF WR I 'fIER 

Ah, Valentine's Day. The romance, the celebration .. . the incredible pressure to plan the perfect date! For those who are tired of cheesy 
Valentine's Day cliches such as heart-
shaped boxes of chocolates and cherubs 
and cupids galore, alternatives may seem 
hard to come by. But fortunately, finding a 
new and di fferent way to spend a Valentine's 
Day date requires little effort in this city. 

San Diego, with its wealth of magnifi-
cent scenery and proximity to the Pacific 
shores, has a lot to offer in the way of 
romantic excursions for young lovers. First 
of all, nothing attracts couples on Valentine's 
Day like the roar of thundering surf and a 
splendid wint~r sunset. Boasting some of 
the best beaches in the world, the San Diego 
coast is a wonderful place to 
take a date (and it's free, too!). 
Some of the popular coastal 
spots include the La Jolla 
Cove or the shores of Del 
Mar, Solana Beach, Carlsbad 
or Oceanside. 

The Scripps Coastal Re-
serve,located on the cliffs 
overlooking Black's 
Beach just across 
the slreet from 
campus, is a beauti-
ful spot to walk or 
picnic, and any 
date will be im-
pressed with the 
history of these 
breathtaking bluffs. Once 
a Native American village, the site 
was prime land for lima bean farming in 
the beginning of the century and also 
served as a mili tary defense agai nst Japa-
nese submarines during World War II . 
Ex~Adv""" .... 

If beaches start to bore you, there are 
plenty of other original, exciting places to 
surprise a date. One of the grandest views 
of San Diego is from a hot air balloon. The 
cost runs around $200, but that also in-
cludes champagne and a sunrise brunch, as 
well as an unforgettable day. 

You may even want to try some real 
adventurous flying - paragliding! Accel-
erated Flight Systems in Del Mar has a 
special Valentine's Day price of $79 per 
person for a full day of hands-on lessons 

with an instructor. By the end of the day, 
most beginneJ'$ are flying solo. 

Another way to see the sights is to rent a 
charter helicopter. Offered by Civic Heti-
copters Inc. in Carlsbad, which can arrange 
charters to Me)(ico or around San Diego, 

this one is definitely a more 
costl y date. 
ChetlpDM .. 

If, like most students, your 
wallet is empty, there are a lot of 

other ways to have a wonderful 
time. Bring bikes down to 
Coronado and ride along the Silver 
Strand, Or better yet, rent a tandem 

bike for two for $40 from Rent-A-
Bike, and the bike will be delivered 

and picked up from any place you 
want. 

For about $12 per person, H & M Land-
ing Sportfishing offers some great whale-
watching cruises. Followed by a nice sea-
food dinner near the harbor. this could be a 
romantic seaside excursion. Or, if the COSI 
of oceanfront restaurants turns you 
off, pick up some fish on your 
way home and make a delec-
table dinner yourself. 

There are also some 
great places to go hiking in 
San Diego if you and your 
date desire some healthy ex-
ercise. Torrey Pines State 
Parle has SO many dif-
See LOVE, Page 9 

•• APHIC. • y • • • I • K • • 

HOME ALONE AGAIN? 
DATELESS: You don't have to be miserable today 

Love does not smile upon every-
one. At UCSD and around the wqrld, 
many perfectly normal men and 
women find themselves unattached. 
For these people, Valentine's Day is 
a horrible holiday created by greet-
ing-card companies, a time of bitter 
recrimination and self-loathing, a 
chance to curse the cruel fates which 
have dealt them this losing hand. 

But the lonely lad or lass need not 
spend Valentine's Day brooding in 
the squalor of a dimly lit, two-room 
apanment, vainly searching for some 

reason to carry on. Valentine's Day 
forthe unaltached can be a moment of 
liberation, a chance to thumb your 
nose at tbat damnable Cupid and the 
fiendish tricks he plays. Possible ways 
to spend this most hellish of holidays 
inculde: 

• Nothing heals a broken heart like 
firing off a couple of rounds of live 
ammunition. At the San Diego In-
door Range on 1163 Cushman Ave. 
downtown, the lonely and loved alike 
can test their marksmanship. The In-

See LOATHE, Pace11 

y 

Monday.-February 14. 1994 

LOVE: San 
Diego is a great 
town for couples 
Continued from pac. 8 
ferent trails that you'll definitely 
tind just the right one. During a 
sunrise walk, you can find over 50 
types of wildflowers on the trails. 

Any escape from civilization is 
sure to provide a worthwhile 
Valentine's Day excursion, and 
time spent together is often more 
special than spending money on 
gifts. "This Valentine's Day, my 
boyfriend and I want to do some-
thing with each other instead of 
buying each other gifts," said Fifth 
College sophomore Robyn 
Herskowitz. "Instead of spending 
our money, we can enjoy each 
other' s.company." 
R __ .ce of .... Cou.by 

There's nothing like horseback 
riding along a beautiful canyon 
with the sun at your back. This is a 
great idea for a first date. There 
will never be an awkward silence, 
and it usually costs about $15 a 
person. 

A more refined way of enjoy-

ing the equestrian mode of trans-
portation is a horse-and-carriage 
ride in downtown San Diego or 
along the waterfront, provided by 
Cinderella Carriage Company. 

At $50 for a half-hour ride, 
most couples provide their own 
private entertainment with a 
bottle of champagne or a picnic 
dinner. 

Thecommon Valentine's Day 
ritual of popping open a bottle of 
champagne can be experienced 
on a great date in the wine coun-
try of Temecula, where couples 
can tour the wineries and taste 
the wine. 

There are also wineries in 
Escondido which o(fer pleasant 
picnic areas with a view of the 
Wild Animal Park. 

Speaking of animals, there's 
always the world-renowned San 
Diego Zoo, a great place to bring 
out the kid in anyone and show 
that you too can be young at 
heart. 

Balboa Park also offers an abun-
dance of museums for those inter-
ested in art, and a wonderful show 
at the Laserium that costs just as 
much as a movie ticket. 

Considering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't~u 
glad we're open all night? 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it 's a good thing we never\Wn in. 

La J~lla 
8849 Villa La 10lla Dr. (near Ralphs) 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
413-1152 

( 'ampus Interyiews 
Il'brll.ll\ IS, Il)l)-l 

OlDE, America's Full Service Discount BrokerSM is 
looking for motivated people to establish a career in 
the brokerage business. 

OLOE offers: 
12-1Smonth paid training program 

Potential six-figure in~ome 
Excellent benefits 

If you possess excellent communication skills, general 
market knowledge and the desire to excel, sign up 
(or iln on-campus interview on February 18, ·1994 in 
the Cilreer Center. 

If you <l re unilblc to arrange an interview call : 

1 800937-0606 
/" or "~'nd r,'Mlm,' 10: 

()I.I>I: J)i~'''lInt Sh ... kbr"K.·r,. 
,. N.l I i (Ill.> I I{",: ruiting 

75 1 Crbwuld Sln ... ·t 
Ik'lruit, MI ~~22h 

AOLDE 
UISlUUNT ~TOCKBIOf(F.RS 

\1 ... ,,1, ·, ,\ 'I .111.1,"\ 
"n 1'111,11 ( ~'I'''rhlllll\' I ntl'l"\"'r 

The UCSD Guardian 

..... tobl 
La 10lla alone has so many 

beautiful places to eat that it is 
impossible to compile a complete 
list. Basically, if you hit any coastal 
seafood restuarant. you're sure to 
have a memorable dining experi-
ence. 

A student favorite is George's 
on the Cove, where dining on the 
upstairs patio provides a beautiful 
sunset view and is a lot cheaper 
(about $30 a couple) than Ihe 
downstairs dining room. Sushi on 
the Rock is another great option to 
bring a zest of adventure 10 Ihe 
conservalive iiining crowd. Bazar 
del Mundo in Balboa Park has a 
delectable brunch, and its location 
in the park is ideal for a post-meal 
walk. Or for a bargain meal, take a 
drive down to Puerto Nuevo, 
Mexico and enjoy a lobster dinner 
for two. 

Don'tdismiss the romantic din-
ner at home. however. Nothing 
shows someone that you care more 
than slaving over a hot stove all 
day and producing some great 
food. Revelle College junior 
Heather Shepard said that she 

See LOVE, Page 11 

Greeks! 
Tired of paying too 

much for the same old 
Greek letters? 

Give ZETAWEAR a call! 

We offer quality double 
satin stitching 

at an affordable price. 
Full service 
to your door! 

ZETAWEAR 
(619)521-8281 
(619)923-0654 
•• iI 

SUMMER JAPANESE STUDY 
Intensive 5-wk program at Lewis 
& Clark College in Portland, OR 
July 18- Aug 28. Earn 12 qtr. hrs. 
Study lang. (all levels) & culture 
with Japanese students on theme 
"Nature & the Environment." 
Three- day wilderness program 
included. Prior language study 
NOT required. 
Ore~n/Jl!pan Summer ProJtl1lm 
222"SW COlumbia. Ste. 1750 
Ponland, OR 97201 

Tel. (S02) 223- 7938 Fax (S03) 223- 7946 

rparis' 
$19~ 

Costa $133· 
London $i09· 
Germany $i09. 
East Coast $184· 
Mexico City $ 75· 

"AU '.es .f etCh way b.»td on a ,oundlllp 
purCMsC 14.($ noC UX lud(d Some. I(sllte· 
lion, eppIy Stucknl slGfUS mlly tx f~u"r.:d 
,... .......... .."." 

Council Travel 

uan MCtJOWeilI Guaro,,,,, 
Hot air ballooning Is expensive, but It offers a great view. 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 

GERMAN, SWEDISH, a JAPANESE CARS 
JEEP CHEROKEE, MINIVANS, LIGHT TRUCKS 
AI Work FuIIJ a ..... teed • F.ctorr-TI'8Ined Specl .... ts 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 amoS pm 

"POUI I. lHI PlOIlClIO." 
We use ItIO reeommeno KencSaI. 

ltbrcants to our ,ustomers. 

-------------------~O% ·OFF 
all repairs * with this coupon 

·Students. faculty and stall with valid UCSO 10. 
·Except motor and transmissiOn OYerl\auI. Not valkl wKh III'rY other coupon. 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next belir appoirllme1lt thi"k 
about these questions ... 
Q. 1\ 1,,,1 i., rll"r/'I"r ; //I" I.~ 

Il'ill r"" trillli II I .. 
(,1111 11 11/(' "uin

t
'..!. i 

Q. 11 /,,,11.' r/l"rl'lI/r 
tI"III.~ 11>'11 r"" d",, '1 
trlllil II III II, ' r/", ".~ , 

Q. 1I' ,lIldl " '" I:A',· \/,"" ' 
I/'''I.~ 11( '1/ illld "'//<'''' '111 ' 

Look your best e,'er. 
MensCuts $4 
OFF 

WomensCuts 
$5 

OFF 



lONE~S 

.. 

ARENA 
Photographs and interviews by 

n.CIIea . 

What is your 
Valentine's Day Fantasy? 

I like to take my girlfriend Sybil 
camping in Napa to drink some 
really good wine_. 

-Erik Buchholz 
Fifth Senior 

To fly to Spain, see my 
boyfriend, wait for him to come 
home after class. Then I'd greet 
him at the door in cotton 
underwear and a tank top with a 
little love potion in my hand. 

--Satu Larson 
Thurgood Marshall Junior 

I'd want a girl to take me to a 
nice place for dinner, and have 
a walk along the beach. Then 
we would head back to my place 
and let things go from there. 

-Marco Sigala 
Muir First-year 

My fantasy is for someone to 
surprise me with red roses, take 
me out to dinner and then go for 
a walk on the beach. 

--Stephanie Abrabam 
Muir Junior 

I'd really love not to have to 
clean up a pile of tissues the 
next morning. 

-Matt Calvert 
Fifth Junior 

THE 
GUARDIAN 

IT'S 
MONKEY 

LOVE 

The UCSD Guarclian 

2Jz..... UNS t~ 
DAILY WFAR $99 
COMPI..ETE 

DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 
~$129' 
two6-paru 

EXTENDED WEAR 

~~~$139 
AU 

specials include lenses, 
• exam, eyecore kit and 

folloW up visit. 
• I'IlsaIPnoNs flUD 
• GtAssfs IUUCATED 
• COWlm m EXAMS 

• No APPOIfTMINT .. asSAI' 
Sf HAllA EpAHO/. 

.lIIJ. 

1{\\Ui\\ Ritmms \ 'Jmm 

. ' . , .. 

M"'ltluy . F.· .. rllllr~· 11. I'J'JI 

a.. 
C 
V) 
U 
::l. 

I/) 
CI) 
W 

~ " 
~W 

1 ____ T_O_' _O----'L I ,. 
. 0 ALSO ON SALE: "Opiate" 9.99 CD 5.99 CS 

WATCH FOR 
TOOL ON 

TOUR'NOWI 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

cowb-oy junkies 
The band that 
defines the sound 
redefines the 
sound. Featuring 
the single 
"Anniversary Song". 

CCMnOY JUNK .. 
........ Cr....e ... 
~ ,. ...... 0: _'W. _ ~ ThoPosI -

P .. Sun,IArn-..-, 

EL CA.tON • SPORT. aliENA • COLLEGE AII.A 
n ~ I INIIft...... IOOU"" .......... 1M n..a-r ........ . _ .. ..... ................ WIllie..., ... 
--.... ,.. ... ,.. _ " ' 'Inum _ .......... _ 
"'1) 507'1·9111 NON .. TAlI _ ., ....... .. tI'III7"" 71 ___ • .',. .. , ' .... 

- .... 21"". 

.....-

.SIt 
I. 

... 

1 

Monday. February 14,1994 

LOVE: There are 
many ways to spend 
Valentine's Day 
ConUnued from ..... t 
thinks tbis is a great way to spend 
a date . 

"It's a lot more special because 
ii's original and it's something he 
makes himself instead of paying 
for it," Shepard said. 
a.t-a • .,. 

If you really want to get away, 
thougb, you can take Amtrak up to 

. San Juan Capistrano for a nice 
dinner. The romance of trains, 
coupled with the convenience of 
not baving to drive, attracts many 
young lovers. 

"Taking a date up there is a 
really romantic way to spend 
Valentine's Day, plus you can 
drink alot and enjoy yourselves 
without worrying who's going to 

LOATHE: Even 
the unloved can 

J enjoy themselves 
ConUnued from ..... 8 
door Range is open seven days a 
week and rents guns to its patrons 
($7.50 for a revolver, $8.50 for an 
automatic). With an admission 
price of only $7.50, the Indoor 
Range is an affordable way to re-
lease all that pent-up aggression. 

• Just because you spend your 
days alone and unloved doesn't 
mean that you should deny your-
self the essentials of life, sucb as 
food and drink. In San Diego, there 
are no less than a thousand places 
to eat, drink and be miserable. 

drive home," said Muir College 
graduate Alan Lungren. 

Another option is to go all the 
way to Los Angeles and catch a 
play or musical. Andrew Uoyd-
Webber's Sunset Boulevard is a 
sure winner, with tickets ranging 
from $25-55. 

Splurging on one of San 
Diego' s lu)(urious hotels for a 
night, such as the U.S. Grant or 
Hotel del Coronado, can prove 
rewarding. The change of scenery 
can give an old romance a new 
spark. 
en. ......... W .... 

San Diego also offers a number 
of original cruises for tbe roman-
tic couple. The ferry to Coronado 
is cheap and could be followed by 
a great meal on the edge of the 
water. 

There are also some reason-
ably priced, one-day cruises to 
Mellico. Starting as low as $69, a 

Karl Strauss' Old Town Columbia 
Brewery downtown offers patrons 
a mountain of ribs at reasonable 
prices and a selection of beers that 
could drown any sonows. Another 
restaurant - Karl Strauss ' B~er 
Garden - bas recently opened in 
Mira Mesa. For tbose looking to 
splurge, Bully's in Del Mar is a bit 
pricey, but it offers some of the 
finest steaks around. If you want 
to eat light, the Soup Exchange at 
Costa Verde offers a wide selec-
tion at a low price. 

- • If music is tbe food of love, 
then bowling is the sport of de-
spair. Just as Fred Flintstone would 
always take to the alleys when-
ever he was having trouble at home 
with Wilma, so should the mod-

The UCSD Guardian 

cruise makes for a fabulous day of 
eating, gambling and sun-bathing. 
Royal West Tours and Cruises 
offers a variety of packages for all 
interests. 

Dinner cruises on the San Di-
ego Harbor offers an alternative to 
the usual dinner date, and several 
can be found at reasonable prices. 
Hom Blower Invader Cruise Lines 
offers a two-and-a-half hour din-
ner cruise for $41 per person. 

To top off the night, try some 
stargazing from any mountain top 
away from the lights and the haze 
of the city. Mt. Palomar is ideal, 
but Mt. Soledad is a more acces-
sible, yet sometimes crowded spot 
for couples. 

Valentine ' s Day doesn't 
have to be just another night on 
the town. With a Iitlle plan-
ning, this Valentine's Day can 
be one tbat you'll remember 
for a long time. 

em-day failed romantic seek so-
lace in tbe land of rented shoes and 
the 7-1 0 split. Open until midnight 
on Valentine ' s Day, The 
Clairemont Bowl offers 52 lanes 
and low rates ($1.25 per game 
before 6 p.m., $1.95 after). You 
can even rent the latest in stylisb 
bowling shoes for just $1.25 . 

• For tbose who enjoy a good 
smoke, tbe Alfred Dunhill store in . 
downtown San Diego has a wide 
selection of cigars. Though a bit 
pricey, tbe store is located in tbe 
Palladian Center, which offers a 
lounge wbere patrons can sit , 
smoke and wallow in their failures 
of the not-too-distant past. 

-Philip MIc .... ,. 
News Editor 

Chint$t Summer Program 
in Beijing 

• Basic Chinese listening and 
speaking 

• Chinese culture. history, TaiOi and 
Kunfu 

• 10 daYs travel In other major cities 
• 2 months $21 00 IiIlIII Inc:_ 

Cau338·9053 
or 291-4128 

Aesen.llon. m.de befo •• Mil. 15 
rtcoivt .pec l.1 dell. 

MONDAYS 
Intramural 

Team of the 
Week 

NEWS II 

ARE You 
DORINGlY 
HEALTHY? 

Men ~ nd women (ages 18·55) 
in excellent physical and 

mental hea lth needed for a 
RESEARCH STUDY on behavior 

being conducted at UCSD 
School of Medicine. 

Involvement in th e study 
requ i res approximately 2-3 
mornings and afternoons 

and ",bled, ire compensated 
for their time. 

To learn more, ca ll • 
ESlher or Stephen at 
552-8585 ext. 3731. . . 

THURSDAYS 
Guardian's 

Movie 
Guide 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
3211 HoUday O. (next 10 Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 

M F 9 6 hp 3 14 / 94 
SAT 10 1 w,ln UCSD 'D 

CTCINDUSTRIES INC. 

The M-2000 $1 09 
21~nch frame 

Accessory fittings ~~-"'H 

The World Team $1 09 
Shimano component group 

Knobby tAs 
Ht-OOnSiI frame 

1 Fr • • shipping within Celif .1 

. The only way to offer these bicycles for an industry-rocking price was to 
go straight to the factory. By eliminating all the fat-cat middlemen (with 

their expensive warehouse over head and commissions),CTC Industries Inc. 
can offer the only true mountain bikes for just $1 09 

Now is your turn to act . Get on a bike and get a life! 

Call: 1-ISDDJ-ASK-4-BIKE 
o WE WANr YOU TO BE HAPPY 0 
(U one,..-~ eppIiIIs to..., biqde . • you ... 
Id 1 em hippy wilt! 'PI: bqcII. lit ta ~ will 
mat. t .. RiIt& -.y. r you wauId Ib • refund or 

-'*'III ,.... ,..", the product in the _ conditlon 
inwl*:fl t_,..... Cell ta. 1(1[QASK48I<E. 



12 WORDS .'ROM TH~ HEART 

Tam Nam, You are the SEXIEST! Love + 
Kisses, Alon. 

Jeannie, I Loves Ya, Aron . 

Roses Are Red, Your lips Are Too. Without 
You, My life Is Bluel Help Me Out, If You 
Can ... let Me Be Your Best Manl I love You 
Akiko: 

Cesar + Dave 

P. Gabriel R.: 10 months tomorrow babe & I am 
as CRAZY about you as EVERI TONS of love, 
SARAH. 

Hey lady at Roccos who cut my hair! 
Thanks a lot. Everybody loves it! But I think 
it's affecting my Ms. Pacman playing! love 
you - Amit. 

D., You know it's true love when a guy'li make 
you cream of wheat and kiss you when you're 
sick. I'm a lucky girtl S, 

Jen - Dang you're goodl Congrats on your 
official graduation from this fine institution. I 
hope you stay at the G for a while cuz without 
you , there's just little 01' me, 

To my AOn Valentine, Heidi - I hope 
things start looking better for you soon , 
You a re too sweet of a person to 
deserve the things that have been 
happen ing to you . Cheer up l I love you l 
- Your Valentine 's Buddy. 

Dear Dave, Happy Valentine's Day! We've 
been through a lot together in one past 
year".88 miles is not enough to keep us apart. 
I love you. love, Kim. 

Miguel, You are the dark, brooding type I've 
been look ing for all my I~e . Your keen 
observations and acerbic wit are so manly; 
your sexy Spanish alternative style sets my 
heart afire. - A lady in wailing 

Ken , you're a dick. A lying dick, but still , you're 
a dickless dick, Maybe I got dicked, but you're 
the dick, you dick. 

TO All MY AOn SISTERS - HAPPY VALEN-
TINES DAYI lOVE, Jen D. 

lAXAMANA - My Fridays would be nothing 
without you l Happy Anti-Valentine's Dayllet's 
get bitter togetherlluv, gossip queen, 

Aaron , the duck lover, You could never lead me 
on, but I do have a short friend .. ,Just say the 
wordl Don't forget your black on Heart Day. 
love Blondie. 

Rhombus foreverl Henry is the point of 
intersection of the diagonals. He is a REAL 
miln . D, 

Feliz Dia de San Vaientin. Monica, lliana, y 
Vero. 

Because every woman is beautiful and should 
have, but perhaps did not receive a valentine, 
Happy Valentine's Day. XOXO. love, Mike 
Callender, 

Bonnie, you're so sweet. Be my valentine. 
Jason 

Happy Valentine's day Abraham Perez and 
hope you had a nice trip to Michigan, 

Feliz Dia de San Valentin. Monica, lIIana y 
Veronica. Con Carll'io "fa Sope: 

QlMeI', Merci pour 3 moillUperbel Happy 
Valentine's Je t'aime - Ton dauphin, 

I 

Julie, Jenny and Emme - You guys are 
awesome, thank you for everything. Happy V-
Dayl 

Danielle - Sorry I couldn't give you another 
Nesta this year, but instead how about my 
friendship. love Michael. 

Frith , my love muffin, Ich Liebe dick so vlell 
Your eclair, Pierre. 

Travis, Have a great dayl Don't be too cynical, I 
know there is love for yourself and others in 
your heart. Chameleon. 

Happy Valentine's Day from the zany French 
Connection"l Ourahl C'est La Partouze CelIe 
Semainell 

Ja Ich Bin Ein Dade County HOMEBOY. love 
Esquire. 

Wendy, Madhu, Rebecca: 00 Do 001 Las 
Vegasl Speed Chess, Taco Bell, Ahhhh."Oh 
yeah, Happy V-Dayl 

Linklty Links Don't Talk Back Lady - How about 
a grocery cart full of Nestle Crunch Bars for St. 
Valentine's? XOX HOMER J 

MINOUIII No matter what happens, you wUI 
always be in my heart. My love for you is 
eternal. Happy Valentine's Day, Minou. I love 
you. love, U. XOXO 

To Kelly & Kendra - Happy Valentine's Day! 
Thanks for being such great roommates. lots 
of love, lia. 

0 : to my man in A-14; I'm so happy to be your 
Lady. XO SJ. 

Hoyle - Thanks for a wonderful winter in Korea 
and for keeping me warml You are always in 
my heart ... Julie, 

Rok, Happy Valentine's, I Love Youl Kirk. 

Lamar, There's a ribbon in the sky for our love. 
Happy Valentine's Dayl I miss you very much. 
love your wife, Norma, 

Vi-Hong H. No mooshi stuffs ok? I want to 
thank you for your patience, I enjoy the times 
we spent together and the jokes we shared. It's 
our 1 st Valentine and I wish for many more to 
come. love always, Claire. 

To the beautiful sisters of Sigma Kappa -
Happy Valentines Day - You are the bestl Good 
luck on Greek Weeki 

To the brothers of AT A: I love you an. Happy 
Heart Day. See you in the pub. 

Heather Napeia - Thank goodness I have you 
for my Valentine I I hope you like your surprise 
tonightllYMTYln - Nate. 

Nature - Where is the skunk I gave you last 
Valentine's Day? I love you - have a happy, 
romantic day. 00 you have anything to ten me? 
love, Heath. 

Happy Valentine's Day Dr. Woodruff 

Happy Valentine's day Laural I love You. Paul 

Taylor - The streets of Nepal are lined, with the 
bodies of ~ for your hand. 

Murteel hey hot babel We need to go on more 
Road trtps togetheit Love Me. 

To my Fuzzy One, I love you with all my heart. 
Honey Beart HippIIy Hop with Fuzzy Bunniesl 

To ATC and In: Gat ptyched for Greek Weald 

Didn't know you were such hot Dancersl love 
the Snakey Ks. 

Jorge - Only you had to pay up because we 
had trouble deciphering your enigmatic 
handwriting. Love and Kisses, The G. 

To my dearest Ton-Xia: Happy VaIenti1e's my lillie 
pq>-tartIlt has been a worodeIftj yeIW, my title bran 
rruIIin. TlwIks fa' being theIe for me, my IlIIa 
aaddin' Oat Bnn I love Youl - Your Ton-Xis. 

Dear Stoccy, W~I you be my Valent ine? I love 
youl Happy 22ndl loveAlways, K. 

Hey Nami - Thanks for keeping me alive during 
my brain-tumor operation. And thanks for 
making my return to school bearable. I wouldn't 
be here without you. You're the Kooiest Kool 
Kat alive. Thanx, I love You. Taro. 

, Aboo - You can grab My ankles If I can caress 
your armpitsl Happy Valentine's Dayl Happy 
One Yearllove Your Goofy Girlfriendl : -) 

o Captain, my captain - Happy Valentine's 
Dayl Frorn the girt you hang out with and". 

Cerdito, I'm really goona miss you when you're 
gone. Joe. 

Michael, Happy Valentine's s\u~ IMIat more 
00IAd I ask .., to spend a special day II<e aI our 
days together wIh my best friend .-.d kMI. I k:Ne 
you and I skways wit. Love, 225. 

To all old school skaters. Happy V-Day! 

Dear leeAnn - You are the most beautiful and 
wonderful person I have ever known I I love 
youl love, Adarsh. 

Gayle McCue, ever since I first saw you, 
freshman year, I've been in love with you. 
Thank you for the many long passionate 
nights, You're sensuous nether Ups have a 
caress that is unforgettable, TILL I SEE YOU 
AGAIN! XOXOXO, AMG. 

Tommy, it's Valentine's again, and I love you 
vetry much ... You know, I stMI have this pain in 
my side. Could you take care of it? 

I'm too sexy for my cat, too sexy for my cat, too 
sexy for my cat. 

love lasts forever 80 don't worry I'll always be 
here for you. Rick. 

Vrv - Ripping out my heart and tossing It across 
campus was not cool. Yet, I love you like 
chocolate and I want you back. 11 they eat lIhit 
and die. Love, me. 

Melissa, Jessica, Carlsa, Gretchen, Vivian & 
Jeanette: We're just too sexy - where are all 
the good men?1 Luv ya, Amy. 

To B.W.N. MILES APART. Know that I love you 
. more than life 1tIeIf, Can't walt to hear the Belts 

ring In July 1985. lOVE AlWAVS. - SOL 

Gayle McCue: you .. the V«'f ball omaIII ",*.1 
'-_ mel liang forfledaytllt we (8'1188 
ea other In lie dIy. I erfJY yru IcMt and 

~Md can'waI .... _arne, 

To the fresh ones at Harlan Hal 2/8. Happy 
V8IantInes. 

ANDREW: TheM past 10 month, have lIMn 
the best of my I ... I look 10 forward to our 
future togIiItIIr. I low you now and always will . 
Love, Tlfany, 

BuBBle, willi YII' • HaPPy V8IentIne', day, 
lORRy I couIdn' Pay for a m .... 1n a better new..,.. lAM you. Jarge, ' 

The J-13 Brothers would like to meet all you 
Sisters. Psycho, Dude. 

To My Sweet ·CirueIa," The pat four years 
have been wonderful and I look forward to 
many more In the future, I love you very much 
and look forward to apending tine with you 
alone. Amorously yours, Marla, PS: Don't 
forget to write me backll 

Qh, Frelota - Your Ups ans so IUICIou,llIce an 
overripe pomegranate. How I long to sire your 
offspring and iper1d my golden yean manag-
ing your bUIty Ihouidar bIedeI with Johnson & 
John8Oll Baby OU, -love, Clem, 

Tanya - It was a pleuure doing buatneu with 
you. I'll be h.elf you need me, 

Amy McQueen, I can' walt until 1M you in a 
few weeks. I long to 1M you, Love, Roa, 

To the twonze goddau at teA. PIeaIe, please 
be my valentine, I know. few trtck, Sammy 
hasn't learned yet. Signed".LethirngueIa. 

Whoopl - Carne back, Allia forgiven. - Tad. 

Johnny, Happy VIIIeIlti .. •• Dayll wiIh _ 
could be togeIIer today. Can, walt to .. you 
Friday. Love AIwayt, Michelle, 

'TIIMy - Thria tar tiling ... for rna. YII"" lie 
bIIlHlllPr'Mu ...... O'W •• '''.11- t... 

To my new little sis Melena, I am excited that 
we are "family"l Have an awesome Valentine's 
Day and every day after for infinity. Alpha love, 
Marla. 

Kltty."Happy Valentine's Day. Hope your 
exams went well ... Would you be my valentine? 
luv,AY, 

Dear Elbowhead - In cue you are wondering I 
do flub ya. So quit blubberingl - Penis lord. 

To my Edgar Anthony Poe. BeIng with you all 
these years have made me feel as if I've been 
on the other lIde becaUH IICIfnethlng so 
wonda1ul makes It hard to'belleve that It's real , 
Happy Valentine'" Brah!lfove you always and 
forever you", your peraonal butterfly, 

Teresa .. Wrtt. your addren down on this pad. 
1'1I18I'1d you aornelleakl. -VIC. 

julie, Though I may not .. y it very often, don't 
ever forget how much I value your love and 
friendlhip. College would have never been the 
..,.". without you, ThankI for ~ingl love, 
You-Know-Who, PS: Can't walt for thole ,,-day 
weekend. next quarterl 

Wayvetfy, What', up bral Have a good one. 
Buttheed. 

GIadyt, drink to me with thine eyes, I am out of 
KIng Cobra. Monty. 

POLLY PACER meet me at the 1995 Pacer-
Gremlin endurance run. Wv, Darth Gremlin. 

D., You are too wonderful for words. I love you. 
S. 

J.D.M. - Hey /1161 Just wanted to let you know 
that I'm still your /11 fanl Happy Valentine's 
Day! Love, the "chica" with the green eyes. 
P.S,: How ' bout a massage? 

To my best friend + lover. You have shown me 
what unselfish love means, The 3 years you 
have given me have been very special. Thank 
you for always being there unconditionally. I 
lOVE YOUI - HB 

M- I'm looking forward to a great evening ... and 
even better morning ... - Pie, 

Crystal at the General Store" .why yes, I do see 
something I like behind the counter. - A fan. 

TIMMY WE lOVE YOU TOO. CADDY & 
NElSON. 

I'd like to buy the world a drink, and take them 
to my car. The love guy. 

Jim, Hope to see you at WOLF'S FRIDAY. -
JOHN. 

Love. Exciting and new. Corne aboard. We're 
expecting you. 

To my Benhurst Posse Babes: " only the men 
knew .. , I love you guysl love, Juicy Wcy. 

James, Happy Valentine's. I love you alwaysl 
llnda. 

Dagmar, let's go to our room and not come out 
for ten minutes. Klaus. 

Tlmmy, I love you , I love you, I love you so 
much, Maria, 

lack - What are you thinking about? - Your 
Valentine (evil Grin) . 

Anette - you are still my favorite" FRANKIE A. 

Bill DavHa, I want your underwear. - Stephany 
Edwards. 

To the single women, r such a group &til exisbI: I 
just WIW1I to be toYed, iI that so v.rong? Alright then, 
how &bolA a tawIiy one-ni!tIt stand? 
lonely loser seeks same. Call Carmine at 534-
6580. 

Vanessa, Thank you for blessing me with the 
gift of your pure h.rt and untainted spirit. Truly 
yours, Gumermo. 

" 

Shawn, my love; You 've stolen my heart long 
ago Our love for each other is.more than 
words ... Ton Amour. 

To all the girls I loved before - You'. never do 
any better than me. Bum In hell. 

KC - of course I'A write you a Valentine! I think 
you're beautiful and int.ulgent and I love the 
strength of your beliefs and how you stand up 
for theml Always be .. strong and wonderful 
as you are. 

MJ - It means a lot to me thai you've ItUck by 
me for thil time. I'm glad you think I'm werth It. 
Thank you for the a.elOl1'Mt, apeciaI compli-
ment @ the movie where we lilt by your 
profel8or, I continually feel dOH!' to you and 
more comfortable. Thank you, Swing. 

lupiIa, take my arm and 1'0 walk with you. 
Staying II' morning, Rell. 

Monday, February 14, 1994 

A man, a plan, a canal ... Suez. 

Pat...what are you doing the rest of your life? 
Your devil. 

To my cheeky monkey: I say It's your tum to 
wear the special nighttime outfitl lf you wear it 
and do the happy dance, I'll be your Valentine 
slavel MIc-MIc - Stinky Girt 

Kara, Happy Valentine's Dayl l couldn't be 
happier. I love youl Steve 

Helen - When we look into those hazel Celtic 
eyes, our hearts melt like buttah, -Your secret 
admirers. 

To the illinois White boy: Your smile makes my 
heart pitter patter w/desirel I want to ski down 
any slopes wlyou, but willi ever see you 
again? Please by my secret Valentinell 
Achingly - the amarelto shooter. 

Hi Scott, Happy Valentine's Day, Sweetheart I 
Sorry we have to postpone the celebration, but 
it will still be memorable, look forward to 
seeing you on Sunday night. Your Chinese 
Sparerib, 

scon ME UP, BEAM lEI 

KATY LEEPER - There's no blood , tears, or 
battles with the Spaniards, but my words will 
get through. I'm no Cyrano, but I have the joy 
of watChing you read this. I love you - Nick 
Nerf. 

Jeff - let us te/I you sornethlngl Our dream 
night would be Taco Bell, Candy and Mrs. 
Doubtfirellove your roommates. 

I didn't know Jen liked Wally. 

To Steve L, Kyley, Chris, Ken & Steve B. You 
guys are great! Happy Valentine's Dayl love 
Jess, 

To my favorite big brother Steve - Happy 
Valentine's Dayl love your darting little sis, 
Jess. 

To my tall guy with the "Devastating Good 
looks" and green eyes: for the second year in 
a row, I give you all my love on Valentine's Day. 
Hawali was a blast, Europe and Mammoth, too. 
Jeff, I can't wait to see where we go next. love, 
your non-blonde, K. 

Apama S. Your friendship is a treasure and a 
gift. Hang In there in the year to corne, 
graduation is worth it. let's party now that 
you're "of age"II love, Karma. 

l- Rememba' you told me that If I kept buggin 
you I'd be "In a world of shit"? I AM in a world 
ofshitl 

Kay and Janet - You two are both so sexy I 
don't know who to choose from. Hope we can 
"score" well together. Thinking of you and "ball-
ging"1 Eternally yours, Raj . 

To the hunky guy in my psyche 120 class. I 
love your Au,trallan look and your side-
burn. drive me crazy. My hot flashes 
cou .... through my body when you sit next 
to me. I want you to notice me. I'm the guy 
with tha ,hort hair cut and the big biceps" I 
want to lee what's south of the equator. 
love, Doug, 

To my Big GO-MI. I love yOUlt Hair, in the 
mornlngl So come over more often. Frorn your 
Crazy (Pung-Twlgi) Girl. 

Heather, Hope you have a wonderful 
Valentine', Day! (with loti of chocola!e). love 
Sandra. 

I 

To the teddy bear hunk in ICA. You are my 
fanlasy Valentine. You can row my boat 
anytime. Signed. , ,Smitten. 

A Valentine's kiss to the sexy engineer from 
New Zealand. Me Pathos E. 

Soo - Wishing you Wots of Wov. -Eric. 
Mkt1aeI ~ -Those beaIAifU brown eyes get 
me eNery tine, GirIIriend doean' remembeI 
meeIi1g BoyfrIend IU that doesn't I"IIIB'I she loves 
him 8If'J less, Vax kMI is so huge, so precious and 
so wonderful to me. TlwIk you, sweetheEWt. .. my 
heart smle6lookilg into yos eyes - leah Adrienne, 

Mlchela, Mia Bella. If music be the food of love, 
play on, else - lasciatemi Morire! l. 

Youness. Meness. Usness. Weness. Together-
ness. Sickness. I'm spllttingness. 

Happy Valentine's Day, babel ! enjoy our time 
together. ! just wish that there were more hours 
in the day for us to have together. 00 you know 
what? RN + FN. 

PIE - I love You, and all that musty stuff. Be 
my Valentine again. And again. HB 

Frank, you are so beautiful, Can ~ be that you 
are an angel in disguise? You t8i<e me to 
heaven every time you touch me. How can I 
repay you for all the wonderful deeds you've 
done for me? I love youl - "Butterworth" 

FRANKl What can I sey? I lOVE YOU. After all 
I've been through, you've always been by my 
side. I love spending time with you whether it is 
at the beach or at home. Thank you for 
everything. love, Robert (Mr. Syrup.) 

AGENT - Wholesome yet sultry. Don't be 
thinkin that I'm a lamo. I know you're danger-
ous. I hope you win the Costa Verde Shopping 
deal so! can go on my first hot date 
since ... Oct ... ? Longingly - The Commander. 

Tse, I'm counting the days urd we can toast to our 
first VaIef1tine's Day in Temecula. .. love Dawn, 

Darius, Here's to all that we sharel Happy 
Valentine's Dayl love, Florence (your fellow 
addict) . 

TANTI-SACI-A-TUnl-QUELLI CHE-
SENTONO LA-MANCANZA-DElLA-MAMMAI 

There is a teacher in the VA dept... I don't know 
what to dol 

A TUnl I CUORI SOllTARI: SE AVETE 
BISOGNO D'AFFEno ... Can 293-3658. 

CON TUnO l 'AMORE CHE POSSO, A 
MICHEAl. 

J. Sorenson: I am glad we met. It's been nice 
getting to know you. HAPPY VALENTINE'S 
DAY - love, the Space Cadet , 

T.K.: You are so special to me, Noth ing will 
change that. HAPPY VAlENTINE'S DAY. Love 
Always, S.P. 

Joanne, Cathy, Tami and Karin: I miss Girls' 
Nights Oull let's M the town. I hope you all 
have a special Valentine's Day .. . or we just 
keep H movin', nothing to see here, It's just 
another Monday. love Sarah. 

N.F. Are _losers? Hell nol We are DEVO, 
We're gladiators, the steel warriors of UCSD, 
Together, yet apart, we explore ... sh~ they're 
comingl Happy V-Day - lets eKplore a beer, 
gott8 goll&l. 

••• 



14 The UCSD Guanlian 

The Psychology behind 
the Citibank Classic Visa card: The 
emotional security of the Photocard, now with No Annual Fee. 
The Citibank Classic Visa" instills in s.tudents feelings of safety, security, and general 

well ness not unlike those experienced in the womb. Therefore, it is the mother of all 

credit cards. 'lI Some experts attribute these feelings to the Citibank Photocard, the 

Su~eCl .sufferinflJmm 
Credit Card Theft !Wrm'iO. 

first credit card with your photo on it. A voice inside says, "This 

is me, really me." (As opposed to, "Who the heck is that?"- a 
common response to the photo on one's Student ID.) It's an 
immediate form of ID, a boost to your self-image. t Of course if 
~--.:-..., your card is ever lost or stolen and a stranger is prevented from 

using it, you'll feel exce ptionally good (showing no signs of Credit 
Card Theft Nervosa). 1j[ Other experts point to other services, such 
as The Lost Wallet"' Service that can replace your card usually 
Sll~eCl aftl'r rece;IIinll Citibank 

C/a.ui .. Vistl P/rottH.mri. within 24 hours. Or the 24·Hour Customer Service line, your 

hotline if you will , for any card-related anxiety whatsoever. <J( Further analysis reveals 

three services that protect the services you make on the Citibank Classic Visa card, 

at no additional cost. 1. Buyers Security'" can cover them against accidental damage, 

fire or theft , for 90 days from the date of purchase l (preventing, of course, Insecurity). 
2. Citibank Lifetime Warranty'· a llows one to exte nd the warranty for the expected ' 

service life of elig ible products up to 12 years.2 3. And Citibank Price Protection 

assures you of the best price. You need only see the arne item adve rtised in print for 

less, within 60 days, and Ci tibank will refund the di ffe rence up to $150 1 (hence no Post 
Purchase Depression). ~I Specia l stude nt . avings are pa rticularly therapeutic. For example, 
you can receive a $20 Airfare Discount1 ol1 any domestic flig ht. (Case studies indicate 
that a Fea r of Flying is overcome whe n Spring Break in sunny Florida is a possibility.) 
Not to mention sav ings on mail orde r purchases, sports equipment, magazines and 

music; a low variable interest rate4 of 15.4% and No Annual Fee. <JI Suffice it to say, you' ll 

have a credit card you can depend o n while building a credit card history. So, call 

1-800.CITIBANK. (1 -800-248-4226), extensio n 19, to apply over the phone (students 
don't need a job or cosigner) or to have your 
photo added to your Citibank Classic Vi sa 

card. (II If we say that a sense or Identity 
is the first compone nt of the Citibank 

lassie Visa card, a sense o f Securi ty 

the second, and a sense of Autonomo us 

Will from your new fou nd fi nancial inde-

pendence the third, don't be erazy .. . Ca ll. Not just Visa. Citibank Visa. 
' ('" rt.lln LIlnuI IIOI" and exclu,in", apply. f'lcaM: refe r 10 your Summary of Addilional Pmgram Information. Bu)'Cr. Secu ri ly i, underwritlen by 
The / 'ICIlOh Inl e rnatlunal UK Limited. ' Cerl ain reMrictions and limitation, apply. Undcrwrillen by the N<.--w Hampshire In,u ra nee Company. 
SerVILe Ide ,,' pc lO wiley varic, by prouuel and b at lea.,t lhe minimum ba,cd on rCllli l indu, try data . [)ctUi ls of coverage arc avai lable in you r 
Sumillilry of Addi tio nal Program Information. 'Offer expire, 6/31J194. Mi nimu m ticket (lurcha"" price i, $100. Reba te., are for Cit ibank "ude nt 
lOilrUIllClllhc" on IIcke ts i,sued by ISE Fl ig hts o n ly. 'The Annua l Percentage Rate for purcha.'oCs " 15.4% a.' of 1194 a .!d Ill il)' vary quurle rly. The 
Annu:11 Percentage Rale for e3,h advances is 19.1!%. If a hnancc eha rge is impoo;cd. lhe mi nim u m i, 50 cellts.1ncrc i" a n add itiona l finance charge 
for e(lch <a,h adva nce tranlo:lCllOn equal to 2% of the amou nl of each ca,h adva nce Iran"" :l ion; however. it wi ll 001 be Ic.,~ lhun $2.00 Ill' g reatc r 
than ~IO.()(). Monarch Ole, a rc publi,hed by Monarch Pre"" a divi.ion of Sil11Of1 & Schu,tcr. a P-Jra,nou nt Communication, Com pan): U""d by 
pcrnll,,,oll ulthc Jluhli,hcr. Citibank c redil GIrU, arc i''''JCd by Citibank (Soulh DakOla). N.A . 101994 Cit ibank (South J>d kOl a). N.A. Me mber FDIC. 

MondllY, . '..t.rllilry 11. IIJCJ1 

The MonarclfNotesVersion: 
The Citibank Classic card 
gives students no annual fee, 
peace of mind, protection 
against Freud-or rather fraud 
- and a low rate. Apply today. 
Call 1·800·CITIBANK 
(1-800-248-4226), ext. 19. 

" 

i~londay, February 14, 1994 The UCSD Guardian SPOHTS I:> 

V-BALL: M~n 
of Troy reign on 
UCSDparade 
Continued from INtI- 24 
a severely sprained ankle in practice 
on Thursday. 

'The injuries did hurt," Dannevik 
said, "but that's not an excuse:' 

Jason ""''' ''''/U_U_' 

OLYMPICS: 
Love at the Winter 
Games in Norway 
Continued from pee- 24 
that brought us the famous "agony 
of defeat" clip from the beginning 
of ABC's Wide World of Sports. 
Youjust wouldn't get the same kind 
of dramatic effect with, say, yacht-
ing. 

We here in the USA haven ' t re-
ally shared the enthusiam the rest of 
the world has for the Winter Games. 

at "Earl' s Texas-Sized Barbeque and 
Lube Station" is convi nced that 
"luge" is pronounced the same way 
as what you hock off of a lall build-
ing. 

Despite all thar, Ihe COUnlry will 
come together to support our ath-
letes knowing that no maller how 
much we get our bUllS kicked in the 
biathlon orNordiccombinedevents, 
we will still make "Baywatch" the 
most popular television show in the 
world, and we' ll still be famous for 
giving the world Arnold from Dif-
ferent Strokes and making an apple 
pie that only a mother would be 
proud of. 

UCSD now looks ahead to a 
welcome Division III opponent in 
La Verne on Tuesday night. and 
despite the Tritons' play against 
USC, one of the nation's elite, 
Dannevik remains confident about 
UCSD's chances. "We are capable 
of winning, and I feel that we will 
beat La Verne," Dannevik said. Junior Tom Black crushed. team-le8dlnc 15 kills .plnat USC. 

Perhaps this is because most U.S. 
skiers consider it cross-country to 
go from the lodge to the hot tub. Or 
maybe because that Billy Bob down 

Afte r all . isn' t givi ng what 
Valentine 's Day is really about? 

Utilitie5 Got You Down? 
Bills can be a hassle. They often disappear under a pile of 
unopened mail, and when they finally turn up, they're much 
bigger than you had imagined. When you live on campus all 

electricity, heating and'water bills are 
already paid: There's no deposit to pay 

either. You won't have to w orry 
about splitting the bills or sending 
the check in on time. Where else will 
you find Jiving this easy? 

We hiVe 11 
convenient locations. 

Call today for your 
ne~t appoinlment. 

231-1711 

For more information about 
living on campus cal l the 
Room Lottery Infollne at 

534-167:3. 

A friend? ... 
v • ? 
I. our sIster. . .. 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health ca re . .. anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, abor-
tion services, male or female 
sterilization, pre-natal care, 
annual exams, testing for STDs 
and mv, or other information 
concerning your health, know 
that Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

february 
14th-18th 
We care about 
your health 
... spread the word. 

Pllilid 
PlrIlthold 
., 11.11111 C.I'II 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

$1.00 Pizza DIKs 
5 pm to close 

$1.00 10-0z. Been 
7 pm to clo .. 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 20¢ 

WING NIGHT 
from ) pm<!o ... 

$2 PINT NIGHT 
from 7 pm-close 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKIRED 

STEIN NIGHT 
Steins full of brew for $5 

($1 with UCSO 10) 
Refills $2 eac:h • _y_k 

from 7 pm.dose 

4475 ,Mission 'Blvd. . 
In s-CoUt Square. F .... putdnJ off HombIend 

274·ALES . 
r--------------------r ! 30 TNJDAyg S25 

-. 

--, 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS FOR $1 
(.11,(. 'r I I I{,I I ... ()lli' for ,1 flli'lld 

... More tanning bed~ than 
anyone in San Diego 

... Large. luxuriou~ ~alon~ 
featuring WOL~~ bed~ 

... ~requent bulb change~ 

:----------~----~~~~ .. LOSE 6- N 2 ~~ $48 Gun*l!Odw~;r11lrx1j I WI ... - l o<o alita<16' Of 'P'dDn\ P"!t No ... ,0.. '" 60th} y", ~ I..u:. ttlAil. ¥1d <I'Rlch """"~ 

• 
• 

-

I 
I I -mMaTAN 

I ~.~ La .lola 'Pacif'1C Bach "Pt. Lema 
ac;r()!;l: l:~reQl f;om ~I Torilo 4 55-0952 58-9060 224 -9727 I 

'Miu:ion VaIIGy I 
542-0391 I 

4 55-0909 ' l oming toe.l""" "BOOj _ .., toe"I.;oo<. H"t moo.lh 01 urI;",;t od laming (;25. I I No ~ f_. ~ • <t":<,,,,, month ,oqu;rod. p"'J"l>le """ month 1"lor. (25 IM;',;OO1 Valley loc"Uon (39.991. 
L ~. with Check free. Offer gOOd wil~ ad. [wpirec :2 28 94. .J 
--------------------------

The Catholic Student Community 
invites you to 

Mass 
on 

Ash Wednesday 
(February 16) 

12:10 PM -- Price Center Ballroom 

5:10 & 9:30 PM -- University Lutheran Church 
(SW comer of La Jolla Shores Dri ve and No rth Torrey Pi ill'S Road ) 

Ecumellical Prayer Seroice with Dis tributiOi I of Ashes -- 7:30 PM 
University Lutherall Church 



\(, CALENIlAIC 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday·FrKJ.y 

.88.m .4·30p.m. Mon., Thurs., 88.m.·3p.m. Fri. - The 
OASIS Lang ... PIogrMI provides _stance 10 1Iu· 
dents v.t1ose nativ.languao. i. not English and to \hoM 
doing work in French, German, Italian, Russian, Span· 
ish, and Vietnam.e. A diagno.lic lell on written En· 
gliSh is avallabl. on requell. ca. 5~·2284 to< more 
information. Student Cent .. , Bldg. A, 1214. . 
• ea.m.-4:3Op.m., Mon.·Thurs .. 88.m.-12p.m .• Fri. -
The OASIS Sc:hc*ra' Wrillng WorIIlhOp provides free 
individual and group confetences to assist students with 
writing projects. SWW also off.rs free WOld processing 
facilities and comput8l' assistance. Slop by York Hall 
r¥4070 or call 534-7~4 10 schedule an appointment. 
.ea.m.-4:3Op.m. Moo ·Thur • . , ea.m-12p.m., Fri. - lei 
OASIS Study MaMgement Center help you !his quar· 
ter with time management, notetaklng and editing, tlsJd· 
book analysis, memory, fte)(ible/speed reading, v0cabu-
lary development, and GRE/lSAT/MCAT verbal com· 
prehension. Stop by York HaJI4010 or call534-~ to 
set up a personal appotntment. "'-0, stay on the look· 
out for those valuable OASI S Study Skills Work.t1opl 
and the GRE Weelcend Specials. 
• 88.m .• 4:30 p.m. - Th. OASIS Writing Center is a 
free slllVice for 1111 UCSD students. We off8I' one to one 
writing confetenc. for any type of writing project-aca· 
demlc papers, perlOnai ataIements, .... en 1Iori .. and 
poems. Our staff of trained undergrad<atlsl, who come 
from a variety 01 academic dl.cipl~, can help you 
become a more ellective writer. caM 534-2284 to meIe. 
an appointment or drop by our office In the old Student 
Cenler, Building A., room 214. 

Monday. Feb. 14 
• loa.m. - """'''rIR_ntry Studenle - Comm. 
of Marshall College mMIs at Dean'. Confwrence rm. 
at the Adminillration Building. (weekly) 

LECTURES 
Monday, Feb. 14 

• 7 :30p.m. - Raymond Lolla, Maoist polillcal 
economist , will be sp.aking on Th. Truth ot U,S, 
Domination OVar lIaxlco and why Maoism is d.· 
c lsiv. to being abl. to make revolution In Mexico. 
Che Caf • . 

Thursday, Feb. 17 
• 12p.m. - Th. Ethnic Studies Dept. pr.sents Jerry 
Yoshitomi. Japan_ American Cultural and Commu· 
nity Center, los Angeles. 'Reconcaptualizing the Ameri· 
can Art Support System." Rm. 3415 lit. Bidg. 

Friday. Feb. 18 
• 11 :3Oa.m.-5:30p.m. - Day of Remembrance -
Observance of U .S. Government's Internm.nt of 
Americans during World War II. Held at Price Cen· 
ter Gallery A. 
• 12· 1p.m. - The Program in Religious Studies pr •• 
sents a lecture by Astrid Beck of the Univetsily of Michl· 
gan entitled "Women in the Celtic Realm.' The lecture 
Is free and is open to faculty, staff, students, and the 
public. PI.ase feel free to bring a sack lunch. 
• Bp.m. - Matthew J . Himes, Professor of Theology, 
Boston College will lecture on ' A Theological Founda· 
tion for an Environmental Ethic', in Peterson Hall. Spon· 
sored by lhe Burke lectureship, Professor Himes will 
also speak about 'Spirituality and the Envirocmental 
Ethic ' at a student colloquium at 3p.m. today In the 
Davis·Riverside Room in the Price Center. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
On·going 

• - Int.r •• ted In knowing your fltn.s. lev.l? Get 
a free f itness assessment at Student Health. Sign 
up for an appointment on the second floor of Stu· 
dent Health today. In jUlt 45 m inutes, you' ll find 
out how fit you really are. 

Monday· Thursday 
• Man./Wed .. 11-11 :5Oa.m & 1-1 :5Op.m.: Tues.fThurs .. 
12-12:5Op.m. - Fttw.lk - Fitness walking program 
sponsored by Student Health Advocatlss (SHA). Starts 
January lB. Meet at the Sun God. Freel All levels wei· 
com • . Bring a friend. (weekly) 
• Man., 2p.m.: Tues., loa.m. & lp.m.: Wed., lla.m. & 
lp.m.: Thurs., lOa.m. & lp.m. - Protect yourself and 
your partner on valentine's Dayl Come to a Women's 
Sexual Health Information Session to learn about dif· 
ferent forms of birth control, STDs, and morell You get 
a FREE condom, tool Health Ed. Rm., 2nd floor of SHS. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Monday. Feb. 14 

• 5·6p.m. - Get Involved with cultural __ a 
and under.tandlngl Rav.II.·s Cultural Awareness 
Network (CAN) meets weel<ly at Ravell. Commuter 
Lounge. (weekly) 
• Sp.m. - Th. Student Envlronn.nt81 ActIon eo. 
IhIon (SEAC) meets _kly Mondays at 5 In the Stu· 
dent Organizations Room above the Food Co-Op. Help 
with Earth Day, recycling, energy policies, environmen· 
tal justlc., endangered species, and any Ideas you 
might have. (weekly) 
• 6p.m. - Women'. R.eourca C.nter - Com .... 
what we are all aboutl Anyon. welcome. Volunteers 
wanted. WRC, next to Soft Reserves. (weekly) 
• 7p. m. - Circle K Intematlonal - Meeting., held at 
Gallery B in the Price Center. (weekly) 

Tuesday, Feb. 15 
• 12p.m. - AA ...... ng - Room 1208, Biotogybuild· 
ing at MUIR campus. (weekly) 
• 3:30p.m. - Twed 01 running alone? Need lOme mo· 
tivation? Come join the Social Running Club, Tues· 
day and Thursday at 3:30pm and Sunday at 1 Oa.m. All 
levels welcome. Meet at the Sun God. Free. Call Jo8tlua 
Mitnick 497-5020 for more info. (weekly) 
• 5:30p.m. - Meet to help plan the Spring Unity Fes· 
tival in the North Conferenc. Room in the Student Cen· 
ter, n8l(\ door to the computer co·op. Everyone wei· 
com • . Questions? Call Jenny 622-1979. 
• Sp.m. - Com. meet other French apeaker.and ioin 
us in our 2nd quarter of fun·filled events. Membership 
en- wi. be collected for upoomIng activities. The meet· 
ing will be on 2nd floor Pric. Center in Berkeley Room. 
Call A.lein at 458-88110 for more details. 
• 7p.m. - J.wilh Wom.n's Oiscuilion Group -
At the Women'l Anourc. C.nt.r. OilCUlllonl 

around various topiCI with J.Wllh, F.minl.t and 
ofller diver •• perlpective • . 

TI ... UCSJ) Gllllnlilin 

C TheWeekly alendar 

• 7:30p.m. - Cal-Anlmage, the UCSO Japanese ani· 
mation club, will be showing lagand of the Galactic 
Heroes, Tenchi Muyou, and mor.1 P.tlsrson Hall 106. 
For more info, call 587-4890. 

Wednesday, Feb. 16 
• Sp.m. - WlIderneaa Club - Backpacking, hiking, 
rTlO\IlI.aIn biking, rock climbing, etc. Everyone weIcomeI 
Meet above KSDT in old Student Center. (wNk1y) 
.6: 1 Sp.m. - lIatc:hleee Speak_ - (Toutmaater. 
Club '3933) Matchles. Speakers, a Toaslmallers 
speaking club for IIngl., professional non·smokerl 
meets at Hindquarters Restaurant at 7040 Miramar 
Road, between 1-805 and 1·151n the Golden Triangle! 
Miramar area of San Diego. For information, pleue 
call Liz at 571 -5012. (weekly) 
• 6:3C:>.m. - Come to Amnesty International wrna a 
valentine to your favorite lortIKer. N_ members aI· 
ways welcome. Questions? Call Sarah at 558-6522. In 
Gallery B above the food court. . 
• 7p.m. - Actlv. Ituclenta for AIDS P~n 
(ASAP) will meet in the Price Center. Ask EDNA tor 
exact location. Please join us. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - lMbiIn,~, ~Women'.Diacuaaion 
Grt:it.p - Come b h Women's R-..n:e CenIIr b erfoy 
IveIy discussion and meet gr_ 'MlrTl8f\ ~ 
• 7p.m. - Open DI_1on lor Gay and BIMxuaI 
lien. - Student Center Bldg. B Conf. Room. Spon. 
sored by lGBA. (weekly) 
• 9p.m. - Hardcore Student Flm'Club MeetIng -
All majors and levels of experience invited. MHtinga 
are in the Media Center (MCC) studios. (weekly) 

Thursday, Feb. 17 
.5p.ff , - "Amerlcu" Film lertlse - Video on mi· 
gration In M.xico and throughout Latin America. Free. 
In the upstairs conference room at the Institut. of the 
Americas building. Presented by OSILA (Org. 01 Stu· 
denla Interested in latin America.) 
• 5: ISp.m. - w.n.n ComInuW CornmIItee - Come 
988 whtI's going on " UCSD & Wr!tren. Meetings in the 
Wr!tren CoIege SIu:Ient AcMlea Center, CSAC. ~ 
• Sp.m. - CatholIc: Community Thurwday NIght Dln-
ner - Only $21 located in the Catholic lounge at the 
University lutheran Church, acrOIl the street from 
Revelle CoIlag • . (wNk1y) 

Friday, Feb. 18 
• 12p.m. - AA MeetIng - Room 1208, Biology build· 
ing at MUIR campus. (weekly) 
EVENTS AND RECREATION 

Monday·Sundlly 
• A February·March exhibftion will celebratls the re· 
cent publication 01 "An Improbable Vantun, a ..... 
tory ~ the Unlveralty 01 CalIfornIa, San DIego," 80th 
.... ents wHI be held in the UAversily Ubr-V at UCSO. 
The exhibillon, which Includes • number 01 pI1OIOgI8pha 
iliUllrating the history of UCSO, il displayed in the 
Nbrary'. main floor exhibition gaIIerIea. The public Is wei· 
com. to vi_ the exhibit during library hours. 

1IofMcMy.5.t1lKlMy 
• WIIIdng ... 01 .. UCSO ~ oarOIt*d by" 
SIIQIrt 0Ur..:h and ReaUtrnerc 0IIce (SOAR) .. now 
IIVIIiIabIe 11111 :00 ~ Monday through s..day. The 90-
mirUI! bI, oonduc:tId by a IlJdInI guide, Is deaIgnC to 
'i"e viIiIors a ... 01 the ..-,,;c .. aodII __ 01 

UCSO'.~ocIIagaI.l"li.hl l,fIIIcMIng" 
bI, • 8boIJ 12:30 PM, pIOIp8dIve ..... irMIad to 
IIIIInd a gerwaI i IIDrrllllliOr I Malan oanduct8d by a SOAR 
Ot--=tl oIIIoer. The~ pr_oIIIIIorl ~hdlf. 
t.rwaa ImOI1II UCSO's ... ooIegea, ...tliIa aIao oowring 
admiuion raquiamer1s and 1I4lJlOr1..w.1ar sIudrD. 

~ •• ancct.ngad by CIIIing 534-1936. ViIIIIn 
IhoIid meet OIa.Idah SOA.R alice, Ioc-.:t on h ~ 
IaYaI 01 the SlIdart CenIIr, EILiIr*lg "B.' 

Tueaday·Sundey 
• 12-5p.m. - UCSD Pre .. nt. PolI.h Sculptor 
IIlgtlll.na AbIII.now'ca'. ""-tIt WorII" - 1nwIg-
ina a city __ Iir.t .. eo ~ __ 250 ... 
tigh, eo Iaat In ciIr'r1*, and 0I70IWWd .til mc-v ~ 
lion. Then, inIgirw peapleMllcing in and cUd .... .... 
IItdng .......... \41 b fIIir '1IbcnII' ....... or '*-
ll'iIClCfDIlUiI an::HIa:UIIIldaa, IIId "'o'8rtoII en." .-
canceNed by'" MIyWttr .~1OOIIIcz, .. a pn:lpOMI 
lara uut.I ~ prIljaCIln PIlla. OIMr901V1r. 
bII ar-f wi be ImOI1II of-. works stQWI in ......... 
b't In .. MIl ..... <Wary 1Iom..tln. 15 · Feb. 27. 

TUNday. Feb. 15 
• la.m.-2p.m . - A.n!i·OeIamabOn t.eegue'. Founn 
,.,.... Stud.- Leaderlhip eont.r.nc:. - Developnll 
a personal rnpotW8 to prejudice wi" be the locus 01 a 
day-long awIIerence involving more than 400 1Iud __ 
and t.cuIIy from San Diego county high schools at the 
UCSO Price Center Ballroom. The cont.renc. wi" em· 

phallz. the potential impact stu· 
denIII have in -*onting racism on 

their~. 
• 12p.m . - Book Sigfllng by Ra· 
dio Oramaliat Joe Frank - Redio 
dramatl .. Joe Frank hal achi ... ed 
.--cuIt status with the stories that 
he alrs in the .... ening on KCRW· 
FM, the Santa Monica publIC redio 
1Iation. Frank will be at the UCSD 
Bookstor. to sign his first collection 
of shaft stories, titled "The Queen 
of Puerto Rico.' 

Trnnday, Feb. 17 
• 8p.m. - Chil.an Music En· 
semble - s--. QIIean ooIIage roo-
IicIInIIMIo bIndId IOgIther In 1967 
in s..iago. in .. apiit 0I1TUIIc and 
~ find .... , ...... 1ogIIher 1IiI, 
• lr*-l1i'twi {SI6I Mou1tain), giving 
concertIlIOInI h watd. MandeYiIe 
AudIIcriun. TICIaIII: G.A., S16: IrIiors 
SI4; ___ SI2. llckelsc:.lbepil' 
c:t...t ."UCSO Price c.ne. Box 
OfIceorflam ~0IAeIa. 
.8p.m.-........Yop ..... tIon 
Progrem- Com. axperi.nc. the 
inn.r·p.ac. and ioy of Medita· 
tion . A .tate of ' thoughtless 
awaren ... , ' Is achl.v.d in which 
th. p.r.on f •• I. th.ir spir i t. 
Meditation can transform a p.r· 
son physically, mentally, and 
emotionally. LOl Ang.I.I/Santa 
Barbara Room. S.cond lIoor, 

Pric. Cent.r. Free. Call 546·9379 for more infor· 
mation. 

Friday, Feb. 18 
• 12p.m. - Th. UCSD Go.pel Choir p.rforml in 
front of York Hall in c.l.bration of African·Am.ri· 
can History Month. Sponsored by Rev.lle Cultural 
Awar.ness N.twork, fre • . 

Sunday. Feb. 20 
• - Free tau,. 01 UCSD are offered every SLnday 
this Winter by the UCSD Visitors Program. Mini·van 
tour. ar. availabl. the firll and third Sundays of each 
month, starting at 3:00 PM from the Gilman Informa· 
tion Pavilion. Walking tour. are offered on alternative 
Sundays, 8110 starting at 3:00 PM from the Gilman Pa· 
vilion. A portion of the famed Stuart CoNer::tion of out· 
door scclpture is included. Although the tour is free, 
there is a minimal UCSD parking fee. Reservations are 
necessary and may be mad. by calling 534-4414. 

. CAREER SERVICES 
Monday·Friday 

.8:00-4:00 - SIOI+ - Computer·bued progrern d. 
signed fo help you clarify your akiIIe, vaiuee, and inter· 
ests. For more Info, corne to the Car_ Services Cen~ 
ter. $10. 
• 1 :3()..4:3Op.m. - DrojHn AdvIeIng Houre - For 
help with career goals, job hunting, resume prepara· 
tion or .xpIoring professional or graduat. school 0p-
portunities. No appointment needed. JUII walk In. 
• - MENTOR - Greduallng this quarter and job-
seelcing'7 W.'II match you with a professional In your 
field whO wilt get you started networking in the local job 
market. Sign up at Car_ Services. 
• - Retail Interviewing Week - Int.rvi_ with top r. 
tail firm • . career Cantlsr. 

Tuesday. Feb. 15 
• l1a.m . - MBA Information Session - Business 
school pr.paration, admission, appI~ strategies, 
school selection. Car_ Center. Free. 
.' p.m. - Interviewing Skill. Workshop - learn tech-
niqu. required to be tIUCC-rutln the interview pro-
caes. Career Center. Free. 
• 1 p .m. - Merleelabl. R __ - Le.n how to melee 
a poei1ive firll impreeaion with your r-.n.. 

w.ctnesdIty. Feb. 16 
• 12p.m. -1IedIceI School: Whal1,"AppIIcenta 
Need to KMw - AdrnIsaions procedu'ea, appIica. 
tion strategies, and school HIecIIon. Career Center. 
Free. 

71Nndey. Feb. 17 
• lp.m. - Job SHreh 101 - 80% 01 aU job vacan· 
cies are unadYertlaed. Thie worklhop will teech you 
the moat eIIactiv. way. to Ind them. car_ Servic:M. 
Free. 

Friday, Feb. 18 
.10:30a.m. - On-c-. ''''.li/tawlng SIdle For 
Employment Uaing video, Improve your technique 
through practice and vaIuIbII '-Iback. Pra-requlsite: 
Interviewing Skill Worklhop. Sign up at Car_ Ser-
vices Ratarence Room. Free. 

SUPPORT GROUPS 
OngoIng 

. - Women'. P_ CoIneIors (!rained by Ps)odi. Ser· 
vices) - Need • confidential friendly .... to Daten? W. 
have walk·in hour. or call for appointment at the 
Women'. Resourc. Center. 

Mond8y, Feb, 14 
• l1a.m .· I2p.m.; 1·3p.m. - Women'. P.- COun .... 
ing ollie. hours, Women's R_ Center. 
• lp.m.-2p.m. - 12 .... ACA: AduIICMtINn 01 AIoo-

hoIIce~"""- lfyou .. ""'by~ 
IIcdIoIIern came join Ia s., ~ cxowotdellllal, and 
tat. c.tI753-21061ar inlDorjl* *p by! Pli:aeer. Adm., 
Irvine Room, 2nd loa .... food COI.Il ~ 
• 2:45·3:4Sp.m. - AcluH ChUdren of Alcoholic. 
PaydIo-EducaIIoneI SupporI Group - Inb r!'II6lr i 
and oonfidenIIIII auppon for \hoM dealing wfIh paren-
tal alcohol/drug problems. Led by Nancy and Ken, 
trained pear counHIors, Mountain VIew Lounge in 
Thurgood Marshall. (weeIdyJ 
• 3-4p.m . """1I.mad Haul yow drInIdng 
1II6'or. drug po 1.'."" Need __ to 1IIIk to? 
Cor6IanIIaf CXIUr'IRIIng: IIonqua 8ugatIn, AIcohaI b-
__ Abuae CouneeIor, HSS 20!58, IoU. {iIrwIrIy) 

!\I"I .. I,,~. "',·III'II"I'~ I ·', Ir,." 

.5-6 30p m. - Common Ground, led by Chell and 

.10M A -"Iy. confldent,al drop·,n group for het· 
_xuals. lesbians. gays. and bose.uals to diSCUSS 
1_ of se.ual orientation All are welcome! Call 534-
3g&7 for mofe Informallon M_s In the South Confer· 
enc. Room. St. Ctr. Bldg. B. (weakly) 
• 7p.m. - Le.blan Gey BI .. xua' AI.oclatlon -
General Business Meeting. Women 's Resourc. Cen· 
ter Corne out and get Involved. (waeitly) 

Tuesday, Feb. 15 
• g·10a.m. - Ie your per.nt .n .lcohollc, r.ge· 
ahollc or drug abu .. r? Is your own dronklng/ drug use 
starting to scare you? Do you take care of friends who 
use too much? Come In and talk . Nancy King . alcoholl 
substance abuse peer counselor, Warren Literature 
Building. 2nd floor rm . 3247. (weekly) 
.9-1 Oa.m. - Gay Lesbian. a .... u.1 p_ Coun-
seling With JoM - Want someone to talk to? Have a 
question? Com. by Warren In. Bldg. 3247 or call 534-
3987 for an appointment With a trained peer counselor. 
(weekly) 
• 11 :30& m.·12:30p.m .: t .4:2Op.m. - Women 's Peel 
Counseling offic. hours, Women 's Resource Center. 

Wedn.sday, Feb. 16 
• 11 -12p.m .. - Oay, lesbian and al .. xual PHr 
Coun .. Ung with ..... - Hav. a question? Need a 
supportive environment? Drop by Warren lit. 3250 or 
calt 534-3987 for an appointment with a trained peet 
counselor. (weekly) confidential . 
• l1a.m .• 12p.m. - RED: Recov.ring from Eating Dis· 
orders - For anyone struggling with food and/or body 
image issues, please come visit the peer counselors 
from the REO program . Held in Muir CoIIeg • • HSS 2056. 
(wNk1y) , -
• 12·2p.m. - Women's P_ Counseling office hours, 
Women 's Resourc. Center. 
• 7-8:3Op.m. - Undergrad ..... Gay and BI .. xual 
Ilene' Support Group - Providing a confidential and 
supportive envIronm.nl. Meet. weekly in the South 
Cent. Rm . In Stud.nt Center Bldg. B. Led by Matt M. & 
Jose. (wNIr1y) 

Thursday, Feb. 17 
.'D-l'a.m.J3-4p.m. - RED: Recovering from Eating 
Disorder. - For anyone ItrUggHng with food and/or 
body image i_, plea .. come visit the peer counse-
lors from the REO program. Held in Muir CoIleg., HSS 
2(1;6. (WH1dy) 
• 10-11 • . m . - Leablan, Gay, and Bi .. xual P_ 
COUn .... ng with Kendra - Want someone to talk to7 
Come by Warren lit. Bldg. 3248 or call 534-3987 to 
make an appointment with a trained peer counselor. 
(wNk1y) 
• 11 :30a.m.·12:30p.m .: 1·2p.m.; 2:20·4:20p.m. - . 
Women'. P_ CounaaIing ofllc:e hours, Women's R. 
source Center. 
• 12:30-2:3Op.m. - FeelIng worried Ibout your own, 
a friend, or parent'e drlnlllng or drug probleml? 
Don't let the preuur. keep building. Come in and get 
ways to help or juat talk • c:onfidantiaI. Nancy King, al· 
cohoI and substanca abu .. pear counselor, Argo 104, 
Revelle. (waekly) 
.4:3Q.8p.m. - LeebIan and ... 111111 W-'. Su~ 
port Graup - Providing a confId~ lind supportive 
environment Meets .v-V week Irvine Room 2nd floor 
of Price C~or. Call 534-3987 !of more information. 
(weekly) 
• 5-6:3Op.m. - GnIduae o.y. BlaeIlUllIlen'. Su~ 
port Qroup - Come out In a friendly lind confidential 
atmospher • . Meeting weekly In the South Conf. Rm., 
Student Canter Building B. Led by Matt K. {WtIeI<1y) 

Friday. F.,. 18 
• l1a,m.·2p.m. - Women's P_ Coun .. ling office 
hours, Women's Resource Center. 
.,2·, :30p.m. - Pan,A.lan Community Forum-
l.d by J.ann. Mane •• , Mountain View lounge, 

drop· in. 
• 2-o4p.m. - Alcohol 8ncI ...... nce Abu .. Group 
- led by Dan Munoz. 534-15711. Cal for appointment. 
R .... eli. Provost Bldg. 
• 3-4p.m, -Feeling worried about your drinking 
lItdIor drug problema' Need aomeone to talk to? 
ConIIdanIiaI courwaIng: Mcnqua Bugarin, Alcohol Sub· 
stance AlluM CounMIor, HSS 2Qe6, Muir. (weekly) 
• ~.m. - c.npue 8IecII Forutn - lad by Phil 
Raphael, 534-0252. MountaIn View Lounge. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Tueadey. Feb. 15 

• Sp.m. - Join the c.!hoIIc CommunIty by celebrat· 
ing ..... at the UnIY.-.IIy Lutheran ChI.n:h, across 
the strlll from A ........ College. {iIrwIrIy) 

~Feb.16 
• Sp.m. - auppe; I. earved by tile UnIv.raHy 

~ - $2.00 donation. A.II .. a welcome. loca· 
1Ion: UnIwreIIy l.IIIheran Ctvdi, acroeI the alrlll from 
R-'Ie College. 
• 7p.m. - A brief Bible study on "Human Sexuality.' 
()pin to ... Spallaored by I..IMierM c.mpus Ministry 
• UCSO, UnMrIIIy ~ Ouch, IICIOII the street 
from Revelle Collage. 
• 7:30p.m, -AtUnlverwity lIMler8n Cluch a Cath0-
lic and ProtntarlA8h Wed!IMdey..vtca led by UCSD 
campus minlat .. an lay people from their communi· 
II • . AI'- wi. be diatributecl. Welcome. For further in· 
torme\ion, cal theOftic. of R.tigiouaAffairs, 534·2521 . 
U.--slty Lutheran Church, acroel the str_ from 
Rev ... College. 
• 8:30p.m. - End your day with the ref\ectlv. UCSD 
CatholIc Community cetebratlon 01 ..... at the Uni· 
vw.Ity lutheran Church, ac:roes the atreet flam R ...... 1e 
CoIIeg • . t-IdY) 

'Thun<My. Feb. 17 
• Sp.m. - Join the Catholic Community by celebrat· 
Ing ... at the Unlver8ity lutheran Church, across 
the streeIlrom R ....... CoIIag.. (wae#rly) 

SiNIday. Feb. 120 
.6:15a.m., 5,7,IIp.m. - Join the Catholic Community 
by celeInIIng ..... at the Unlverslty llMleran Church, 
acroaa the .... from Revelle College. (wNk1y) 
• 10:15a.m. - l.uIMran WGnhIp IervIc:e - Every. 
one" waIcome. ~: University lutheran Church. 
acroaa the atreat from Revelle College. 
• 11 :3O&m. - "The Mftaage 01 the Bible,' the lint In 
a .... 01 vIdeO pr..wationa during Lent, aponeored 
by lIMiIrIin c.n.ua Miniatry Open to ~. Uni· 
__ LuIIwM CIIRh, aero. the atreat from R ...... 1e 
Collage. 

Monday, Febnaary 14, 1994 

1lIE SIGN AT 1liE FORK in the road 
displays two messages: A) Leave 
school early, sign that professional 
contract and ride down the path to 
millions, or B) Stay in school for one 
more season, get that diploma and go 
pro next year, 

For many, neither the fork nor Ihe 
road become a reality, For UCSD base-
ball shonstop Chris Miyake, the sign 
sits blaring right in front of his face, 

"I believe that [Miyake is] a draft-
able player, and he has the potential to 
get a lot better," UCSD Manager Lyle 
Yates says, "He's a definite pro pros-
pect." 

After grabbing the attention of the 
Division III baseball world during his 
sophomore season last year, Miyake 
has become the focal point of many a 
scout across the country, Combine his 
6'3", ISO-pound frame with his cat-
like quickness and the junior possesses 
the tools that make him a virtual lock 
for a spot on a minor league roster as 
early as next year. 

An outstanding baseball player with 
major-league capabilities may not be 
unusual for a big-time Division 1 pro-
gram, but for UCSD, it's front-page 
news. 

Only II Triton baseball players have 
ever been drafted into the professional 
ranks, Miyake will undoubtedly be 
number 12. 

Last year, during his first full sea-
son as a stIner, he put up numbers Ihat 
would make any scout drool - ,354 
baning average, a school,record IS 
doubles, a leam-Ieading 34 runs scored 
and 25 runs batted in, six stolen bases 
and three home runs. 

Just yesterday, in the Tritons' 1994 
season-opening double-header against 

p 
-

o T o 

The UCSD Guardian 

HIM 

PRO PROSPECT: UCSD baseball shortstop Chris 
Miyake has the tools to take him to the Major Leagues 
BY ARON MILLER, ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

Cal Slate L,A" Miyake picked up right 
where he left off last year, eXlending his 
school-record consecutive· games hit-
ting Slreak to 20 with a five-for-eighl 
performance, which included two 
doubles, a triple, and, in both contests, 
the game-winning hit. 

Asajunior, he's the proverbial whole 

c .... Miyake extendad hII 
eohOOk'eoord hIttIIC atrMk to 20 
.......last ......... 

package and then some. 
So whal's the problem, you ask? At 

the end of this season, when a minor 
league team will assuredly draft him, 
Miyake will have to decide whether to 
leave UCSD forthe pro ranks or Slay for 
his senior season, Right now,lhe pros-
pect of playing pro ball entices the 

)( Why draft him? 
Here is a look at some of the 
ranklngs Chris Miyake has 
achieved In just his first season 
playing ball for UCSD, 

SP()J{TS 17 

slandout. 
"I would love to be a professional 

athlete," Miyake says, "You can't beat 
the job. You're having fun doing what 
you love to do, it 's recreational and 
you ' re making money while you're do-
ing il. You can't ask for a better job." 

When Miyake arrived at UCSD, his 
main priority was academics. Just mak-
ing the baseball team was considered an 
accomplishment. Afterall. neither Yates 
nor any other coach across the country 
recruited him out of high school. Need-
less to say, Yates stole a gem from right 
under every recruiler's nose. 

'''There are a lot of ball players who 
come out of high school with hidden 
talent," Yales says, "I think that' s the 
case with [Miyake). When he got here, 
he just kept getting stronger and siron-
ger:' 

So what will il take for Miyake to 
find himself on a minor league roster 
within Ihe next Iwo years? 

"I'll probably have 10 hil at least 
.400, wilh at least 10 home runs [Ihi s 
year)." Miyake says, "I have 10 show the 
scouts Ihal I can do it all - hit fol' 
average, hit for power, steal bases, play 
defense, I think I can do that." 

Compared to past UCSD draftees, 
like Bob Natal, who now plays for the 
Florida Marlins, Yates says that Miyake 
demonstrates very unique qualities. 

"[Miyake) has a differenl style ball-
game than some of the other players that 
have been drafted," Yales says. "He' s 
an alley·lo·alley type of hitter, has a 
good, strong arm and he plays aggres-
sively, Whal separates him from others 
in the pasl is his approach 10 the game." 

Despile the temptations of a profes-
sional conlract, Miyake knows thai it 
will not be the simplest of choices-. 

"Right now it seems like an easy 
choice. Hlhe money was righi, it would 
seem like Ihe logical choice 10 leave 
school," Miyake says. "But untifit hap-
pens, I ,can'l make a decision. It all 
depends on who, what. when and where. 
I guess iI's not Ihat easy." 

D o L L 
• 

-

y D .. 
-

o 

.. -



, ', 

.. 

III SI'OKTS 

BIKE 
every '93 in stock 

Tune Ups now $30 
fW'merly $35 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 

~ : ~ Round Table Pizza 
INTRAMURAl TEAM OF 11IE WEEK 
XENOPUCKS-41oor HockeY- Th is floor hockey team is prob-
ably the be st on cam pus. That includes their male counter-
part Xe~?puck team . T.hey are completely dominating the 
competition so for scoring 35 goals and giving up just 5 . 
Wow! I guess we should just award them the champion-
ship now. Congra ts la dies on being nam ed TIIIII 01 Till 
Wllk. You deserved it! 

'" 1~.~fII "1~mbc,, : Jen Yucel, Gretchen Jiminez, l i,a M cNeil, 
Joon 'Un::<::p eghina, Maggie Rathanz, Maureen Ruchhoeft l)'J/b.blr. Vertz, Martha Vall, Rina Ketudot.Coir", ' 

.. :\:,:,,<::::,:,.::' ~Rt,,~~ 

Hepatitis 
Have you been diagnosed with Hepatitis B or told 
you are a carrier? Have you recently had or are you 
recovering from Hepatitis A? 
If so, you could qualify to be a plasma donor, earn at 
least $90 a week and benefit medical research. 

HemaBiologics. Inc. 682-5252 

Ever Driven by someone 
that you ... 

Want To 
Meet? 

ow, as an Auto Dates of CA. 
member you will join the statewide 
singles club on the roadway. 

First 200 Memberships FREE with this ad! 
For More Infonnation 
& an Application Call : 674-HONK ext. 3 

The UCSD Guardiull M .. , .. III~ · . F,·I.nrnI'Y II. II)IJI 

' BASEBALL: 
Miyake leads UCSD to 
doub1e-header sweep 
Continued from pace 24 
replaced by Kurt Luhrsen ( 1-0). who 
held CSULA in !.:heck the resl of Ihe 
way for his first win. 

The game looked like it ll1 ight oe 
decided in the seventh and Ii n ~JI in-
ning when Miyake rea!.:hed th ird wi lh 
one oUl.Yates sent pin l.: h-hiIlCr 
Annando Sanchez in 10 fa l.:e left y 
reliever Gary Stewart. 

On a 1-0 pitch, Miyake broke fur 
home on a suicide squeeze play, but 
Sanchez missed the bunt and Miyake 
was tagsed out. 

In the bottom of the eighth, Bobby 
Arban gave UCSD another leadoff 
double, which led CSULA 10 inten-
tionally walk Aaron. But the strategy 
failed when Aguilar reached on an 
error. With the base~ loaded, Quandt 
flied out. bringing the Tritons' dead-
liest hiller to the plate. 

After working Jason Secoda to a 
full count, Miyake ripped a bullet 
into the right-centerfield gap. com-
pleting a 4-for-4 outing and bringing 
home Arban with the game-winner. 

John Cross defeated the nation's number-two ranked player. "We had our usual first-game mis-
takes. but I we) showed great charac-
ter,especially after coming back from 
that botched squeeze in the seventh." 
Yates said. UCSD Takes Two 

STAfl.CROSSED: Cross tops nation's number-two seed In game two, it looked like 
CSULA would teach the Tritons a 
lesson. Stnner Ted Stevens limited 
UCSD to just two hits' in the first 
seven innings, while striking out 10. 
Meanwhile, UCSD starter Mark 
Hartmann (1-0, SIP. 3R, 4H) gave up 
a solo home run to Jon Cornelius in 
the third, and an inside-the-parker to 
his pitching counterpart in the fourth 
inning. 

By Murall Moorthy 
Staff Writer 

Coming off a disastrous match 
two weeks ago and a lackluster 
showing at the USD Tournament, 
the UCSD men's tennis team needed 
to change its seasonal outlook in its 
two weekend matches. They did just 
that, crushing Westmont College, 
9-0, on Friday, and beating Cal 
Lutheran, 7-2, on Saturday. 

In his first singles match of the 
season, UCSD'snumber-six singles 
player Eric Steidlmayer starred 
against Westmont, cruising to a 6-
1,6-0 victory. 

"[Steidlmayer) played very 
well ," UCSD Head Coach Tim 
Ditzler said. "] think the guys who 
were out of action noticed that and it 
picked them up." 

Aganst the Kingsmen on Satur-
day, Rob Ho, Jeff Young and Dan 
Brounsteincoasted to easy victories 
in the number-three through six 

singles spots respectively, and the 
doubles teams won two of their 
three matches. 

It was the Tritons' top gun, John 
Cross, who was the surprise of the 
day. Unaffected by the gusty winds, 
Cross used accurate lobs and low-
passing shots to knock off Tom 
Zclenovic, ranked number two in 
the country, 7-6 (7-4).~. 

Cross used his dri~ng, two-
handed backhand to control his side 
of the net. 

Entering Saturday's match, Cal 
Lutheran looked to be an up-and-
coming team in the west region. 
Ditzler's boys took care of that in 
grand fashion. ' 

"We needed to make sure we 
put them down,:' said Ditzler, who 
watched his singles players go II-
lover the weekend. "We did just 
that." 

"Now I'm worried about heal-
ing them up," he said. 

The Tritons trailed 3-1 heading 
into the bottom of the eighth, but 
their offense finally started to click, 
shredding the CSULA pitching staff 
for eight runs on seven hits. 

Fatefully, the stage was set for 
more Miyake magic, with the game 
and his hitting streak on the line. 

Miyake laced a double to score 
Aguilar and Quandt, giving UCSD a 
4-3 lead. The floodgates held open 
as.the Tritons scored five more runs 
on a Birk double, a Ramirez (2-4, 
2RBI) single and an Aguilar double. 

Mark Abrams came in to pre-
serve the 9-3 victory. 

Tritons Pound POlDona-Pitzer 
By Dan Sweeney 
Staff Writer 

Following last Tuesday's loss to 
Divisionlopponent USD,the UCSD 
women's tennis team expected to be 
more successful against fellow Di-
vision III rival Pomona-Pitzer Col-
lege on the road on Saturday. The 
Tritons (3-1) dispatched the 
Sagehens, 6-3. 

UCSD looked especially impres-
sive in doubles, winning two of the 
three matches. 

The number-three tandem of 
Diane Chandler and Michelle 
Wilbur led the Tritons with an inspi-

see centerspread 
(thot·, 12 ond 1 J ..... tile UIIioIItIo*l 

rational comeback victory. After 
falling in the first set, 2-6, the duo 
stonned back for a 6-2, 6-1 win. 

UCSDHeadCoachLizLaPlante 
. was also impressed by Hilary 

Somers aOO Michele Malephansakul 
at the number-two doubles slot. 
They dominated their opponents en 
route to a 6-1, 6-2 victory. 

"At number-two doubles , 
[MalephansakulJ and [Somers) are 
really playing strongly together," 
LaPlante said. ''They're closing in 
Ii lot better and puning balls away." 

It was depth that enabled the 
Tritons to conquer Pomona-Pitzer 

in singles. Number-one Chandler and 
number-two Miki Kurokawa both 
lost to tough opponents, but their 
teammates at the other singles slots 
managed to pick up the slack . 

Somers, playing at the third spot, 
showed her opponent no mercy on 
the way to a 6-0, 6-0 shelling. 

Number-four Heather Williams 
had a little more difficulty in her 
match, but the end result was the 
same - a 6-2, 7-5 victory. 

Mal ep hansakul and Anne 
Hoecker, the fifth-and sixth-ranked 
singles, won theirrespective matches 
to complete the 3-4-5-6 sweep. 

Remember Us? 
If so, please take this short quiz 

(IJaa', wanv, • wan', aIftct yaw liN) 

"., dItcJ: of ""'. 

YourgUfe 
o I COl. about leens in San Diego. 
o 11M sit skns ond rowdy songs. 
o I want to inlroduce teens 10 cIirist. 

MEllO SAl DIEGO • ...... ., ... ·, · ... IirIJ .... AlTYOUI 
Please tall: 565-4952 

Monday, February 14, 1994 The UCSD Guardian SPOHTS I') 

Rookie Shocks U CR 
PH&NOM: Freshman Mike Hartford leads UCSD to win over Riverside 
By area Wrenn 
Senior Stiff( Writer 

The UCSD golf team, which captured the 
Division m National Championship last sea-
son, got the 1994 year started the same way it 
finished 1993: on a roll. 

UCSD, making the most of his first college 
tournament by firing an even-par 72 to earn 
medalist honors. 

Tom Brown was second for the Tritons with 
a 74, while Dale Abraham checked in with a 
respectable score of SO. 

The Tritons massacred an out-gunned UC 
Riversideteam,308-359,atCanyonCrestGolf 
Course on Saturday. 

Brock Shafer rounded out the scoring for 
UCSD with a respectable 82. 

Freshman Mike Hartford from nearby 
Torrey Pines High School, led the way for 

UCSD next travels to EI Rancho Verde 
Golf Course to take on Cal State University 
San Bernardino today at 10 a.m. 

SOFTBAI.L: 
Cal Poly SLO blows 
out UCSD in twin bill 
ContInued from pace 24 
playing sparkling defense at the hot 
comer. 

In the second game, Gil took the 
mound for UCSD and shut down the 
potent Mustang offense during the 
first half of the game. Again, the 
home team's lack of offense proved 
cri.tical. 

"We took too many called 
strikes," Gerckens said. "You can' t 
win games when you' re not aggres-
sive at the plate, and today, we just 
weren ' t as aggressive as we have to 
be." 

By the fifth inning, the visiting 
team began to catch up with Gil' s 
pitches. Three home runs in two -
innings removed all doubt about the . ChUck Nluyen/ GuaraIBn 
game's outcome. ca. .... HopkI .. '- out a cal Poly SLO runner. 

I The UCSD Guardian: You will be assimilated I 
· ...................... _. 

• • 
• CAPPUCCINO • LAne MOCHA • ESPRESSO • 
• 

-

• 
2 FOR. 1 O~ SO% OFF 

• 
• 
• 

• Bring this coupon and a friend to the Java Coast Courtyard and receive • 
• two of our fine coffee drinks for the price of one. Or come by yourself • 

and receive 50% off the price of a drink. 
The Java Coast Courtyard now proudly accepts the PLUS 
CARD and meal plan points. Look for a second location 

coming soon at Club Med (School of Medicine) . 
• Exp. 2125/94 • 
. ................. _._ .. _. 

NEW! 
SOUP-N-SALAO SPECIAL 

';"A fresh take-out salad from our salad bar 
• Hot, wholesome soup 
• Big, icy cold 32 oz. drink TOP 

OPTH. 

• 35 items to choose from • New dressings 
• 2 soups eacti day UAD • 2 specialty salads daily 

!!!lJilteUel! ~ 
only 

$7.95 
Available 8:00 pm-l 0:00 pm 

Monday-Thursday 

Whole 
Pizza 

SpeCial! 
Pepperoni 
Cheese 
Vegetarian 
Hawaiian 
Pizza Oscar 

----- ------- ----- , i-A --- UNITEDWAY/CHAD 
:., It b"/~&.f flat tk, be.rt lir fl.llo/ fd UtI ... dWIIII ., - '0 

cI ~!JaIJl Cc:lriY 
Students Who Care Can Help 
Please Complete and Clip This Coupon 

Volunteer because you care! Call 498-2121 and your talents and interests 
will be matched with a San Diego non-profi t organization. 

Donations may be made by completing this form and return ing wi th your 
check Imoney order, payable to United Way. 

Name: 
Address: 
City/StatelZip: 

Please retum this coupon to the UCSD Registrar's Office, 301 UCtr/0021 

"I've learned that Ilol /Zi llg oj value comes withoUI efforr" - Brown, H. Jack on, Jr .. I L ____ _ __ _ ____ _ _____ _ __ ___ ~ 

BEING-FIT® 

Open for 

1 1'''' vour br,lin. 
1r1lTl'liibly 111.1 I k·,'bl .... 
In finikl v Vl'rs.llik'. 

AWl~lI1ll' l v invl'nliv\!. 
At I\ l1dl'''''''11 CI 111sultin ~, 
w,' w,1I11 t" "-l'l'l' it tha t way. So 
wl'l'Il., IIc-Il);l' it wil-h .1 stimulating 

At only $22 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 

bener bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
"wlt/1 til •• lid. Oller •• pir .. 2128/94 

• AEROBICS • UFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAtmlUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

.4 MIlES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards, behind Famous Footwear) 

483-9294 
also located near SDSU (696-1702) 

First visit incentIves / 

business 

I • 

v<1ril'ly 01 ",",signmt'nts. Dcvelop it with an average of over 170 huur.:, of ,~d-\'anced 
tr" ining rll.·r YCilr. RewlIrd it with advancement. And upp0rt it with the rC!>ources 
III 22,O(x) pmfc:,sionals operating ilCroS 47 countriL'S. At Andl'rbCn onsulting, we 
.1Iw.l S kt'lc'p,llllll in mind . 
Whil t wc look for in our people: • Intelligen e . Determination · Ambition 
• Drive to Ex el · Love of Learn ing . Willingnes to Work I-l il rd· eed for \ 'ilriet\' 
• IA--sire for Challenge . Well-rounded Individuals · Diverse Il1t~r('s ts 
Lf these are the qualities you would USl' to describe oursel f. Wl' thin" vou would 
be interested in a cilreer with Andersen . onsulting. 

INTERNSHIPS FOR JUNIORS 
Summer intemshlp opportunities for Individuals with programm1ne • 
.~ (Cobol or C preferred). Rlr more InformatIOn or to 
IWmit • resume. contact tile AcdmiC Internsl1ill Program or the 
c...r Sera. Center. Deadline to 8IIIIIY Is r.bruary 18.1994. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

.' I''''' ; \11 .1.·, ... ·11 \ . · " .. uhl"l. 
\1\ 1.!".ll l \n,·tI "~\'1\ I '''1 "1''\' '1 



'or 

I ." 

I,. 

20 CLASSlnlmS 

\\ \Ol \CE'I E\T~ 
ATTENTION BlCYCU8TSI AN CIIIifornlII 
vehicle code MCtions do IIPPfy on CMlpuS. 
STOP at STOP eigns. Know where you can 
and can not ride. Pick uP yoII' FREE copy of 
the rule. and regulations at the 
Transportation MernativIII Office (MAAC 
201) or the UCSD Police Department. 
DON'T RECEIVE A CITATIONI (2/7-2/17) 

ATTENTION SKATEBOARDERSI There 
is no skat.boarding. roll.rbladlng. or 
rollerskating on any of the campus roads or 
parking lots. This II enforced 24 hr •. /day. 7 
days/week. Know where you can and can 
not ride. Pick up your FREE copy of the 
rules and regulationa • the Transportation 
Alternatives Office (MAAC201) ortheUCSO 
Police Department. DON'T RECEIVE A 
CITATION. (2[7·2/17) 

LOOKI Every Monday. Round1able Pizza 
will pr •• ent the UCSD INTRAMURAL 
TEAM OF THE WEEK in the sport. 
section of thl. fin. rag. AI.o. h.nc.forth. 
and In addition • • ach Thursday In the 
HIATUS (that' •• ntertt.lnment) section 
w. will Ii.t the movi.s showing at UTC 
and La Jolla Villag., ok7 (2/7·2/17) 

AMC PACER CLUB Int.rnatlonal 
Organization quarter1y newsletter, fr .. 
decal. National mMl, Denver PA, July 8, 
duet $10. 2628 Oueenaton. Clelleird. OH 
.... 118. (2/7·2/14) 

AT LASTIII What you want. Pr.mier 
Athletics and Squash Club. ProMtionaI 
facilities. equipment, and 11a1f .. 452-3e18. 
(2/7·2/14) 

SPRINQ BREAK '14· MAZATLANI 8 
day. + 7 nights · 100 fr •• drlnk.1 Call 
4 d.tails • will .. II outl CoII.g. Toura 
490·8067. (2/10·2/15) 

REVELLE SEMI· FOR MALI F.b. 26 @ 
Sheraton Grand. Torrey Pinea, gp.m.·la.m. 
UCSD Box Offic. lor $9 tix. (2/10-2124) 

Ski Blitz '941 February 26 • BIg Bear. Food, 
transport provided, $35 • information 
mMling 7:00 2/17 • OVL. Sponeorad by 
TASC. contac1558-1013. (2110-2117) 

SPRING BREAK '114 MAZATLAN 
PARTY BUS. Come rag. with us 6 
days , 5 nights, from $2311 . Trip 
Includ.s 100 free drlnksl Call COII.g. 
Tours now 4110·8067. (2/10·2/15) 

All-campus llpaynch contllt1 SponIorad by 
ICRA. Wednesday. Feb. 23, gp.m. Muir 
Cafeteria Sign up any group or lingle: Cal 
558·8011 now. $100 for fir" plac • • an 
entrants get prlzllli (2/14·2/17) 

National Condom WMk . February 14·21 . 
'A condom il lIIIIIntiai to fulfill aafer·SIIX 
potential.' Planned Parenthood. 

ATTENTION: STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING is now hiring branch opermor. 
for the summer of '94. Earn up to $15,000 
and get the business experience at a lifetime. 
Call 1·800·955-7557. Positions filling fast 
throughou1 California. (1/10-3/10) 

Earn up to $1.000 every tim. aorneone 
receives a MIP Refund. Send for FREE 
information. No experience Necllllllry. 
mt.rtllltJoMl 57 Greer1lr .. Driv., SuIt. 
'JIJ7. Dover. OeIa_e 19901 . (1/3.2/15) 

SKI RESORT JOBS. Up to $2,000+ inaalary 
& ben."t • . Skl/Snowboard lnatruc1Ora. lift 
operators, wait stall, chalet 11a1f. + other 
positions (including summer). OVer 11,DOO 
opening •• For more inlormetion call: (206) 
634·0469 ext. V5976. (1/31,2/17) 

SaIes·marketing; full or pert time. Sports 
and nu1rition related. Excellent eamlng 
potential. CalIMik.at453-e02!l1oreddiliorllll 
Information. (1/10-3/10) 

ATTENTION: foreign .tud.nt. from 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, .lef*l. II1d 
New Ze.land . . Exc.Uent buslne .. 
opportunity in your counIry. For Inform8Iion 
call 453-6029. All( lor Mike. (1/10-3110) 

Eng ine ... : Graduat.s and 
undergradu.te • . 24 hour car .. r lin • . 
310·358·6257. N.tional Job S.arch. 
Exciting Opportunltl ... (1/24·3/3) 

HAVASU: America's N_ Spring Br_ 
Hat Spot, Lake Hav ... , AZ. is throwing 
Am.rlca 's larglllt partyl Top·n.me 
Concerts. ~ andCelebritlee. "The 
Lak. Wi II Roar In '1141: CALL 1·800· 
4HAVASU. (1(27,2/17) 

Sal.s . Ex.cutlv. Dlr.ctor - ••• k. 
indlvldu.'. for ,,' •• /m.rk.tlng . 
Environmental H.alth Co. Commi •• lon. 
P.trlck. 587·0823. (2(3·2/17) 

Graduating SenIora: Looking tor CIIr_ 
oppor1wIitIeI? Earn what you're ~ Cal 
nowI 463-1585. (213-2(15) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1S-wom incremenls. The rale per IS WOtW is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed willi a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. DetldJines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday 's issue. The Guardian ~~ the righllo refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
callS34-S416, Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: CIo.ssijieJs, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, Lalolla, CA 92093'()316.ActUlll address: StudentCenterA, top floor. 

FoocII«vers needIItI for Mexican r-.ant 
In Del Mar ar .. which Is changing to lui 
MMce. Apply In person Loa Caboa 12956 
EI Camino Real Ste. G·7 San DIego 92130 
oppoaIte entrance to ~ CInema In 
Del Mar Highiandl Town Canter. (213·2/21) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Needed youth camp 
counselor" sklboat drivena, IIIIIlng and 
surfing lnatruc:toq. Hiring now, apply In 
peraon at MiaIon Bay Sporteenw, 1010 
Santa Clans Place, 488·1004. (2/7-4,114) 

Local CAD/CAM company. Work In UTC 
ar .. ; 12h/We.k fI.xlbl.; r.l.l8/hr (fr .. 
training) Experlenc. with DOS/WlndoWi 
3.1 (Microsoft Word • plu,). Pref.r 
.tud.nt with .ngln •• rlng/comput.r 
b.ckground. 552·1Kl68. (2/10·2/15) 

$STUOENTSS five you 18 orolder1 Wama 
earn S5OO-S6000/monIh PT/FT. Available 
immad. MW to San DIego. Needa you 463-
1585. (2/10-317) 

Wama get paid to ahop7 1-800-480-M44. 
(2/10-2/21 ) 

Unlveraity Cant .. has openIngstor atucMnI 
Housekeeping aaistanta. Must be ebIe to 
work 6-1Ia.m. or 8-12:30 Friday PM. 56.401 
hr. Job Il101 .385. PI_ picIc up refwral at 
Per1 Time Employment (ZlI4) 

ENVIRONMENTALCAREERS.ar.r.corp., 
a national enviroI omental fteId SChool is hiring 
fu!1.!imepaid""l0 organize environmental 
camp.lgn. with country'. I.adlng 
environmentali ... Inlervlews .t Car_ 
Serviclll Canter 2/22. Call (310) 3117·5270 
ext. 330. (2114-2/21) 

Make S and learn about the stock market. 
Looking for an aggressive leI-'!eting 
specialilt 15·20 houra per wMk. If you're 
_iou. call John McParI_. Firat Wall 
Street in lit Jolla at 454-3551. Plaa .. call 
after 1 p.m. (2/14·2/17) 

An around tutor wanted for 3 boys, age 9. 
12. & 14.2 hours/wMk, $4O.OOIweek. Please 
call 274-8480 for details. (2/14) 

Spanish speaker nMded to adH on"ine 
dictionariaa lor machinetranslalion acm-re. 
FIT. PIT available. Excelent knowledge of 
Spanish and Englieh requirad, PC computer 
aldlls 1IM8ntiaI. PI_ aend r"""'" to: 
Micro T IIC Softwar., 4655 Cass Street, Suite 
214. San Diego. CA 92109. (2/14·2/17) 

Buzz Network Advw1Iaing .... 1'nOIIv8ted 
people to work In adveI1Il1ng ..... tor 
Intamlhip credit end/« COII'WIIIaskln. No 
IIICperiance needed • just. poIitIw I8IIude 
& eome knowledge of San DIego life & 
cuIU •. Cal 234-2822. (2114-2/17) 

W.nled: Tutor. math/phyIice, graduate 
lev .. , tor highly gibd 11·year-old 11~ 
4$002II. (2114-2/24) 

Vaterinary ~ • CaIa arty 
cInic, In P.B. _ea, PIT Man-Thtn. SendI 
bring I .... of Inleraat or resume to: ChaaIre 
Cat ClInic 11145 Gamet Ave. see. B, SO, 
92108. (2114) 

CLERICAL Stock Brokerage company 
I. looking for a t.mpor.ry data entry 
• mploy •• (50wpm), .nd p.rt time 
penn.nent .mployees to fli. and make 
peck.. Flexible houral C.II Saundra 
587·3488. (2(14·2/17) 

FOH ~ \LE 
For ..... ComfortabI ... with rnIIII:Nng 
gIaaa top table. $200. CofIM table 1150. Call 
457·3037. (2(3.2/28) 

Hey STUDENTS. for .... : Black COI\'IfI'AW 
desk w/HlAl:h aIbInet. $50 you take _yo 
Call 268-2247. (2[7·2/21) 

MAC CLASSIC, 4MB RAM/40MB HD, 
keyboard, mouee. carrying caM. 1OftMr •• 
S!IOO obo. 457-4673. (2[7·2114) 

MIracle Thigh Firming Cream. Body toner 
with Amlnophytllne $24.116. To purchue 
call Monica 552·3446 today. (2/10-Z'24) 

1486SX·25, SVGA Monitor, n.w 
keybo.rd + mou.e, 4 M.g RAM, both 
floppies. 210 M.g HD, mod.m, 
Windowl 3.1. DOS 6.2. Word 6.0, 
games, and much more. $1360 .00 obo 
Brian @ 595· 7745. (2/10·2/17) 

RoIIerbIadlllforaaief Woman'slize 7. UIItd 
only twicel Asking $50.00 abo. Call Dawn 
552-0169. (2110-2/17) 

M.clntolh SE 4 Ram, 40 HD .YI 6.05. 
Loaded $500. Mit.ubishi 'Cordia' Turbo 
11185 load.d. very clean . A/C , tilt, 
.unroof. AM/FM c ..... n_Iir •• , cruls., 
n_ paint + more. 52500. C.II Connie at 
538·0148 . (2110·2/15) 

TENSION 
HEADACHE 
RESEARCH STUDY 
A research study compartng two welklstablished pain 
medicines Is being conducted under the direction of. 
UCSD faculty member. 

QUAUmD PARTICIPANTS WlU. R£ctlVE: 
... A free medical examination ... Free medication 
... A free stopwatch and timer ... A $50 payment 

II Interested please call 297 ·916 9 

~~B uraDi-Fired 
Pizza' Gourmet Pastl~" 

~ lEvELs .. OF FABULOUS OCEAN VIEW DINING & COCKTAIL BAR a COFFEE PATIO 
PASTA, SAI.AoI, & PIZZAS I.NIG£ ENOUGH POOR 2·3 TO SIWI£, STNmIG AT $3.95. 

~~~~_8 008 G 1 R A R Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii..:l 
m· LR JOJ.J.R on the ocean side of Prospect 

.nt.r on the :2 nd lev.1 up the .tel ra 551-8200 

Mac SE, 2.5 MB RAM 20MB HD, 1.44 
floppy, .xt. keyboard, modem. $525. 
455-eee8. (Zll0·2(15) 

For aaIe: dI'*'II rm. tIbIe wl4 chairs $80. 
qwM-alze.futon w/frame (bought _ over 
1200, wtI aacrIfIce 1150.) 517-11672. (2/14) 

M.clnto.h Imag_rll.r printer. Gr.at 
condition, 2 year. Old. $150.00 obo. 
554·01112 . (2/15·2/21) 

Twin bad and frwne In ...... condition. 
150 bucIcII Cal 5118-7548. (2114-2/17) 

AIrtIne TlcIrattor ..... S2OO.00credllto.-da 
W'f daati I8IIot I (AIaakaIHor1zon AIr) . Cal 
eo..n: 453-7570. (2114-2/17) 

LOVE .... 17S. Ib:her block table $25. 
WIck_ MIl IabIea, gIaaa, ortental tope, $30. 
534-4817. (2114) 

'110 Rad Plymouth t... 43K. I5l5OO abo. 
562-11101 . (2/14) . 

sex on • wa1Ierbad? Waterbed lor ..... 
King .ize, h •• t.r, IighleclJmlrrored 
headboard. I28S. 4IiO-1IB43. (2/14-ZlI7) 

SKIS: l8Ocm, poles, and beg $17!5. With 
women'. 7 boola $200 obo. Karl454-8Q151. 
(2/14-2117) 

'112 VW Golf GL. Excellent condition. 
Low mi. Run. perfect. 1l1OOO obo. Mike 
832·2275. (2/14·2/17) 

'111 Mustang 5.0 Convertible LX. Uk. ~ 
25Kmi .. , loaded, 511.5000b0. 563-6482. 
(2/14-2/17) 

1101 ~I\C 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME·UCSD StIIff and 
SludentOiSCOUNTS. GrMtr.ncing. ,.... 
UCSD. 1.2brs $120,000'.+ & 3br. 
$150,000+. ConcIoIItoluxuryhornaa-aerving 
lit Jolla, UniY. City, MIra ....... Del Mar, 
Pacific Bch, Clalrernont N_ to SELL, _ 
what 11 YEAlRS EXPERIENCE can dol REI 

Max~. Judith Haddox, Realtor. 819-
275-2618. (2f7 .2(28) 

ROOMMATE WANTED. Own roam WI condo WI 
Solana e..n w.Iw/fkyef, cable, pool. one 
rrnAllO -=n No ~ W. '- two 
c:aIa S3~+ 1/3 ..... S2OOda!al 
Call Non or Lony _ 259-9457. (1/27·2117) 

Your plasma could be worth CASU! 
call 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

We urgently seck people to donate 
plasma. Youll ~l:Cive : 

o FIft Blood Tall/ FIft '''yale.'' 
o Paid C.II For Every Vlllt 

Other proBrams thaI donors are 
desperately needed for are : 

°WIIoIt Blood oMoao oL.p. olDV 
oClilekea POI °Chla. o Herpes 
Your blood contribution could help 
SI\'C a life! Pyramid is a blood buk 
and plasm. 8Itibody center dcdiClled 
to serving our communil), and 
worldwide he.lth relued 
orlanizuions . Call (or II 
a""."".L 

S.IDieaO • (619)298-4011 
Sa. V,ldro ' 
(619)690-4434 

Rent Fr ••. Shar.2 BD. 2 BA La Jolla 
condo· 2 block. from beach in e.change 
for minimal car. of bl .polar, diab.tic 
graduate lIudent. S •• klng mature . 
r •• ponsibl. per.on. 458· 1066. (2/7 ·3/7) 

G.n •••• Vista/Playmor. Larg. 3BD 
conclo for renl . Av.ilabl. in July. Includes 
fridg. , M/W plu. built· in •• wash.r/dryer. 
c.bI •. Pool. parklngl Bik • . t.k. bus to 
UCSD. walll to UTC. Very quiet. $1100. 
458·5880 (D). 67"·1964 (E) . (2/7·2/ 14) 

Hillcr •• t/Downto\W1. Stud.nt.,ooking for 
student to share hug. 1920'. house. 
Own room, hdwd. floors . Hous. has 
.tudy room , firepl.c •. baaem.nt, 
darkroom. cafe .cro ... treat. $250, 1/4 
u1i1iti.s + d.p. 2111·11215. (1/31·7) 

Larg., clean room w/connected bath 
av.iI.bl. in condo. 5360 + $125 dep. + 
1/4 u111. 558·2152. (2/3·3/10) 

Renaialance: Roommate wanted to ~. 
malter bedroom W •• her/dryer; g.ted 
parking. gym, pool, trapI_. $310 + 1/3 
IjIiIitles + depoall. Cal ~ 5117-01127 or 
KrII1y 535-1711 . (213-2128) 
Roomm.t.s wanled: M/F, 2 to .h.r. 
$240 each or 1 "ngl. $350. 0., Mar/ 
Solana Beach ar ... Laundry, D/W, pool, 
n •• r beach • • torel, bu • . Contect Tori 
783·11244. (2(3·2/15) 

Uv. on tile -.tIIlM;e lingle available 
now In Del Mar a-:h CI~ condo. Share 

wlth1WOUCSD~. $375Irno. Sean 
234-2822 daIy8 __ 11202 nighla. Spring ,. 
atrno.t hare. (213-2115) 

Roommatea Wantad: NIce 3 bdr. houR In 
Weet~ IS""". to UCSD, available 
April 1 S3I5O, 11m & _ no depoaII, 1/3 
lAllltlaa. CIIII Franic 272-0818. (2[7.2(22) 

Female neacIed to .... room nearbualilwl 
UCSDNTC araa. All amenitlaal 121501 
negoIiabIa. 2115-2334. (217 ·ZlI5) 
Room for rent nowt LlTC .... (Women 
only, pIaaM). $32l5 + 1/3 utillllaa. Share 
bath. 825-031 II. (211 ().2111S) 

Room In PB In appt. with 2 young 
piofw.loil .... AvaIIMIIe March 1, 1*. 
I385(mo. John 4a-0351. (2/10-2/24) 

Two p.ople to .har. hug. m •• t.r In 
ViII •• of R.n.' ... nc.. Furnl.hed 
except room, w •• her/dryer, fir.pl.c •• 
J.cuzzl. Available 3/17 b.gln paying 
4/1 . R.nt n.gotl.ble. Contact Jaml 
or T.r. 587·8848. (2/10·2/24) 

FREE 8'x4' d •• k •••• mbly. F.mal. 
to .har. with 2 f.m.' ••. Ma.t.r b.d/ 
bath. b.lcony. AII.m.nltle. + w •• her, 
dry.r, fir.plac •. UTC - .. f •• r.a. 
W.,k to Von •. 5365/month. Call Jo.h 
535·1276. (2/10· 3/10) 

GARGANTUAN, airy room In txx.a It.". 
from WIndan_. S525/mo. + utilillea. Own 
j_bath. decIc. Uk.~. Non-arnoking G~ 
student -.ght; Availabl. Zll. Contact 5S8-
0500 between II:3Oa.m .• 6p.m. All( for 
Kristin. (2(14-2/21) 

WANTED: Matur., r •• ponslbl., quiet 
mal. room mat. . Own room/b.th, 
w.lh.r/dryer. L. Clma .pt, cabl., pool, 
gym. nlc •• re • . $400 + 1/2 utilities. Steve 
658·0781. (2/10·2/15) 

1-----
I Men's a Women's 
I lncludes cut , 

I 
I 
I 
1 
1 
I 
I 
I 

I blow dry a shampoo I 
1 Asltfor 7bIQ or Terl_ Mon.-Sat. I 

I HigbIigtn 
I ICRFA11VECurs 
: HAIR &: NAILS I 

I~""·"""'prkal 
I 6780 ......... 14 1108 I 
: WIll ... W!lcomr • M.f 11).7, 5IIt. 9-4 : 

t51fl:Q5'-QJ 

Monday, February 14, 1994 

RoornrMtta --.cI ASAP. Own room and 
bath iii too«<lhouM near UTClVona - . 
$325(month + 1/4 1MIIIiaa. Cal Paula at 
453·15364: (2/10-2/21) 

Room .vallabl. In larg. hou.. n •• r 
Governor. Own room, .her. bath. M/F 
non·.mok.r. 1345 + 1/5 utillti ••. 
Av.llabl. now thru June 18. Call Alec, 
558·6969. (2/14·2/17) 

2 room I av.II.blel N.xt to Von./n.ar 
UTC . W •• h.r/dry.r. dl.hw .. h.r. 
pool . own p.rking. 1335/month + 1/4 
utllitl •• . Call H.'gg • . 457·5318 or 
Hunt.r 587·1755. (2/15·2/17) 

La Jolla·Pin •• , 2 bed . 2 bath, balcony, 
.court .yard view. pool, jacuzzi • •• una, 
tennll, underground parking . $890, 
578·11614. (2/14)/ 

RenaIaaance: Maar bedroom with Iarg. 
bath, M/F, 5410 + 1/3 utiIItI .. , pool, jacuzzi, 
gym, avaiIabI. now. 822.()661 . (2/14-2/21) 

ApI. tor rant. 2 bad, 2 bath in VII... of 
R .... WID, pool, jacuzzi, good toe, + 
mor., .ncI cheap rani· only $945Imo. avail. 
3117. Call now 587-81146. (2/14-2/21) 

UHIVER8ITY CITY UtI. Female needed . 
tor own room In nice houIe. Patio, piano, 
cable TV. waahar/dryer, 12 minut .. to 
UCSD. No amok .. , peta, or druga pIaaM. 
Cal Mark or AgMa 534-2391 or 534-3383 
(rnaaaage). (2/15-2/24) 

Female roorMIID ..-..ct. SIwe whole 
houIIIwIorreolher. Own bath, Iartdry. Near 
UCSD. 5I58-eOII5. (2114-2/21) 

ROOMMATE WANTED. Hou.. In 
~. Own room. 4 blocks to baKh . 
Avail. 3/1 . Call 1151-8784. (2/14-2117) 

Single room In houIII In Unlvllflily CIty. 
$25O/month. March 2O-Augult 15. Greg 
458·1322. (2/14-2/24) 

Own roomIbath In PB. Waaher/dryer + 
extr .. 1 Spring quarter only S4OOImo. + 1 (2 
utIIiti ... 272-4724. (2/14-2128) -

ROOMMATE WANTED: Femal., 
nonsmoker. Large master B[)(8ath. LlTC 
area. Beautiful, bright apt. Washer/dry«, 
COY_ed parking, security, pooIa. gym. Nice 
roommates. $450 + 1/3 utilities, deposit. 
453-8141 . 12}14-2/24) ~, ... 

PaciIc: a.::h: 2M ilIAleapoilSiblelOOl1 II'IIIIiIB 
--.d 10 .... 3 bdrm. 1 baIh 1Ifll30-.pI1O 

~+21*x:b1O"~. $3ClI)'$325,' 
iTYiIt ~ IAitiea paId.SmoIcing ~ Small 
pet OK. Available 3,11. Lila NichoIe 273-7881. 
(2114-2/21 ) 

STEPS FROM WINDANSEA BEACH. 
AoorrmIle--.d108Iwa2BD.28AlIghtand 
r«y cxIIIage with hMtMxxj tocn. CXIUtyard. 
Own roam with bath, IaIn*y faciIiIIea. Non-
amokfngfamllleputwiul ""or~1IUlent 
pr*T8d. $5OCVmonth+$37!5d1tpOS1l AwiIIibIe 
immadIItIity. Call Amy • 558-05OOW or 4S-
2596H. (2114-212-') 

PASSPORT PlCTURESI onyl5.l16. WhIle 
you MIt. x.r- and more. Near St 
Germalna. 452·I184Q. (1~ 

lit Jolla Barbershop. Quality BIrbarIng. 
HairCUIII8.00. 458-5792. (113-3110) 

Lo .. f.t without DI.tlng.. . Doctor 
supervlaed Tuesd.y ev.nlng lectur., or 
cell 452·2882. (1/3·4/8) 

Vlolln/Vlola L.llons . You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an experienced, 
prof ... ional t •• cher. Now acc.pting 
.tudant •• all age. and level I welcome! 
Call Conrad 488·0525. (1/10·3/10) 

Word proc ••• ing of .ny kind, I.rge or 
.mali. Quick return, prof ... ional 
quality. Call Jan.t or Carol . 276·7382. 
(1110·3/10) 

Word Proc."'nglTyplng: Ac.d.mic 
manuacripta,~, theaea, books, letters, 
appIIcatiorw. AccuratWFaat aarvIce. Mary 
Am 452·11430. (1/10-3110) 

GREEKS & CLUBS. Earn lSO·12I0 
for ,our •• lf plu. up to '100 tor ,our 
clubl Thl. fundral •• r co.,. nothing 
.nd I •• t. on. w •• k. C.II now .nd 
r.celve • fr •• gift. 1·800·1132·0528 
.xt. 65. (1/20·3/7) 
Word Proc .... ng, Dlaaertatlon Work, 
AppIIcaIioI-, Reports, ~ EdIting, 
TI'BNIatIon, 0Iher compuW raIaIed jobs. 
4I58-S08. (1124-3110) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: Specialty 
in EATING DISORDERS. Individual and 
group tt..py available. Call Cindy Ryan. 
571·1432. (1(27-'1/4) 

~ FOR COt.I.EQB$ 1135 mien 
ITtCIaimadI SchoIaial'ip maIct*1g ~ 
FREE booIdaCI 24-hOII racording. (1m) 434-
1Kl15 EXT 210. (1131-2124) 

GREEKSI Paying too much for .eme 
01' lenera7 C.II Z.tawe.r. We offer 
quality doubl •• 'itchlng .nd full 
•• rvice to your door. (619) 521 · 8281. 
(2/7·2/17) 

Shippl~ng7 Get your stuff together, 
_'n do the rest. 1 to 1000 pounds. The 
Packeging Store. 800·792·2299. (2[7·2/28) 

VOCAl.. INSTRUCTOR. Tone DIMIIopment. 
Ear Training, Power. Rang. BegInning to 
Adv8nce. Fast Method CHRIST0281-881 B. 
(2/14' 
Plano Instruction given by graduate of 
St. Petersburg . Conservatory, PhD 
student at UCSD. c.n VERA at 450· 
0368. (2/10·2/24) 

Massage . therapeutic. rehabilit.tive. 
preventive, sports. Fr .. session with this 
lid. 450-0368, Alexander. (2/10-2124) 

WANTED!! <8 
EBMUD 

CIVIL ENGINEERING GRADS 
FOR THE POSITION OF 

JUNIOR CIVIL ENGINEER 
$41,772 ' S51 ,16S" 

'o.""ncli", on qualifications. 
EBMUD, the West's larllest Independently operated water and 
wastewater facility, provides service for communities on the 
East shore of the San Fr.ncisco Bay. 
We can offer you: 

o An envirorunentally-orlented orpnization 
o Interaction with a lar&e, dlverslfied enllineerlnll staff 
o Assl&llJllents providin& quallfylnl experience 

for rellstratlon 
o Opportunity for varied assl&llJllents Includin& 

field work 
• Advancement opportunities includinll tuition 

relmbunement 
o Comprehensive benefits 

For application materials, call EBMUD. (510) 287-0735. 
FIIIIII deadline is March 11, 1994. fBJ/AA 

The ucst>· Gntir'dian 

PAATY7 BIrthday, bachelor ... male + 
fem.'. dane.,. for your exotic 
entartaInmenII Free gift! Hardbodles Me. 
270-4155. (2/14-2/17) 

Guitar ' •• aon.' Any·.tyl., on campu. or 
off , b.glnnlng to .dv.nc.d . 
Mu.icl.nlhlp, theory, technlqu •. II y.ara 
pI.ylng. 5 y .... teaching .xp.rlence. 
$10(l •• aon. Dav.1I42·3212. (2/14·Zl28) 

rllght An.ndanl Car .. r Guld.. LI.t. 
alrlln •• , ,,'arilll, hiring tip • . Money b.ck 
gu.rant ... S.nd $14.95 p.p. to: F/A, 
2726 Shelt.r 1.land Dr .• San Diego, CA 
92106, Suile 359. (2/14) 

MACINTOSH USERS: Let us m.ke 
you a copy of your hard drive data fo r 
s.fe ke.plng In case of drive failure . 
We come to you , fast and cheap ! 
SnapSoft2511· 1344. (2/14·2/17) 

\\\\TEI) 
Earn S 100.00. Subjacts wanted for a study 
on alcohol'. effect. If you are a Japanese, 
cm-, or Korean, American·born male, 
cd Scripps R....,ch Institute for more 
information. 554-7240. (1(3·3/10) 

HaaIIhy YOIW1taara agee 18 to 45 years old 
.. naaded to participate in. UCSD MedIcal 
eem.r study 8XMIining the Mgect of sound 
on the eyebIink rell .. and on brain _ . 

~ win be provided. Call 543-
241M tor Information. (1(24-2/14) 

UCSD llecllcal center need. healthy 
voIunteera, ag .. 18·150, for • 2 hour study 
about eye blinking. $10 plus parking will be 
provided. Cal Deb st 543-2314. (1/31·3/10) 

Earn ca.h or movie tick.t. for r .... rch 
participationl Engli.h·.peaking colleg. 
m.n n •• d.d for PHD .tudy In 
psychology. Sellion. take 45 minu1es. 
Help m. finish graduate schoolf Call 
Ca"le, evenings. 527·0776. (2/3·2/15) 

BULIMIC .nd 8truggllng? Women 
want.d for PhD study. Time il 30 
minute • . Receiv. fr .. consultation with 
.ating di.ord.r ther.pi.t, pre·pald 
medical evaluation with. reproductive 
endocrinologi.t, or $15.00. Confid.ntial 
and anonymou • . La Jolla Village 
Profellional Center . Help yourself and 
others get w.III 492·2677. (2/7 .2/15) 

lIve·ln position at Rancho Peflasqulto's 
home. Part·tlme chlldcare fOr two boys ages 
four and nine. Fr .. room and board plus 
.mary. Call 538·1545. (2110·2115) 
LOST· Light blue windbraakerjacket ' Infant 
earl Sefety. Fullerton Mil' logo. $1 0 r_d, 
Steve 534·5935. (2114) 

1)f<:H~() l\ . \I~~ 
National Condom WMk . February 14·21 . 
"ltgoesonwlth_, IO_onetoplease: 
Planned Parenthood. (2/14) 

PUB 
ATS: BIG OL' SUBS 
OOL PUB SNACKS A 
REATPRICES 
RINKS: MANY NON· 
EER CHOICES & THE 
EST DRAFT SELEC · 
ION OF MICROBREWS 

IMPORTS AROUND 
INFO; OPEN MON-FRI 
1l:30am TO MIDNIGHT, 

LL AGES WELCOME, 
RINJ{ERS BRING J.D. 

.Jf'eed ~8p«ioJ for 
fJalentine's 

cJJay? 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

1536 Fay Ave. 

456-BREW 

College ID/proof of age required. 

COLORED LENSES $139* BROWN EYES TO BLUE WJ D2-0PAQUES co M P L ET E with S 10 iNIIulaclurer's rebale 
Dally Wear Extended Wear SemI·Dlsposables 
COIIIPlete Complete c.plete $89* $109* $169*il 
"Includes: Complete Eye Exam • Fitting· Follow-up Care 

• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only • Other Major Brands in Stock 
'-----We take the time to listen and explain. 
Dr. Nick 16780 Miramar Rd. 1578 6796 5 E L BY, O. D. 2 .,ile$ east 01805 (behind Ca,l'S Jr.) -
$59 ' LOWEST Extra Thin Eyeglass lenses! ~~~~,:~ 

BUFFALO WINGS OF FIRE 
ALL YOU CAN EAT S4! 

6 pm· to pm. No cover. 



, , .. 

:!:! SPORTS 

lIava 0.8, IS8 II ... 

raft.1ft DI .. IJril r CIIIPI.Ift""'" ...., 
i 10'/. OFF i i S24!!,., i 

(" _ A 8915 Drive IJ~A~ Suitt 100 (Rtnaissance Unle. ~. Rubio's) 755 Turquoise St. (Between P.B. and u JolIl) IIIIJ.IIII 488-3811 
r:--.;---.-~\\ ---
: • .. Friends eat t'~t U 

• • .. a nl 
'Valentine's Gift Special 
• 
I When you buy one lunch LUNCH for 

Monday throuah ~ 'II FRE EI • I o-.t your VaJenti~::' 
I HatTy loves UCSO. So he's IrwItJ"I" UCSO 
• students. faculty, and saIf to joln him '*-I II am and 2:30 p.m., Mon •• Fri., 

, 

• 
• 
• I 

· 1 
I 

· .1 
I 

•• 
• I few the best meal in La jolla! • • • I tBREAKFASTSERYEDAUDAY ~=== : 

• 7545 Girard Ave., Downtown La Jolla (61 ')4S4-738 I I 
L Open 7 cbys a week. Mon.-SaL 5:30 am·2:30 pm, Sundays 5:30-2 PI!' .. 
--------------------USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$9' BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES e 60's, 70's, & MORE e FUN, FU'~KY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN e MILITARY e TUX SHIRTS 
COO L S T--U--F~F----­
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
-----__ IOPEN 7 DAYS. 222.0220 ____ ... 

~E::XTENDED 
:::IIIJ~ STUDIES 

New Certificate Program in 

Graphic CommWlication! 
Attend a free information session featuring 

Lee Lorenz, art editor, The New Yorker! 
Friday, February 18, 6-8 pm 

• 
Lorenz, one of the world 's foremost cartoonists, 
will teach two Special Workshops that weekend: 

Cartooning and Humorous Illustration 
Saturday, February 19, 9 am - 5 pm 
Children's Book Illustration 
Sunday, February 20,9 am - 5 pm 

Call 594·7078 for 
reser"atlons or Informationl 

The UCSD Gllardia. 

UCSD 
Chops 
Oaks 
SOFT WOOD: Menlo's 
bark can't slow Tritons' 
winning wave of three-
pointers in 85-79 win 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

With only four losses on the sea-
son, the UCSD men's basketball 
team (18-4) has rarely had the op-

BHSHET 
.~ 

BHLL 

portunity to in-
dulge in . the 
sweet taste of 
revenge that 
every once-
conquered 
athlete cher-
ishes. 

There ' s 
nothing quite 
like disman-
tling a team 
which once 
saw the 

brighter side of a head-ta-head con-
frontation. 

But with only four losses in 22 
games, what can one do? For Head 
Coach Tom Marshall and the rest of 
his Triton contingent, the answer is 
to lake full advantage of the oppor-
tunity for a rematch victol y when it 
arises. 

On Friday night, the Tritons 
sawed off visiling Menlo College, 
85-79, exacting a satisfying mea-
sure of revenge for an earlier 80-78 
loss to the Oaks in Menlo Park. 

UCSD, currently ranked third in 
the Western Region and 21st in the 
nation, wasted little time justifying 
its position as a Division III na-
tional contender. 

In what has become a Triton 
tradition, sophomore Khalil Allen 
initiated the scoring for the Tritons, 
canning one of two free throws to 
get the ball rolling. 

Stifling defense created several 

MUlIIIII~· .• ·I·ltrlllll·Y I I. IIJI} I 

y*", ZOIoIore¥ fGIIatlJian 
"-hIli Allen tallied 21 points In tile Tritons' victory against Menlo. 

scoring opportunities for UCSD in 
the early going with Allen (21 points, 
nine boards), Nate Hantgin and 
point-guard Rodney Lusain cutting 
into the Oaks' front-court for a 19-
8 lead with eight minutes expired. 

Senior Erik Johnson chipped in a 
three-pointer from the top left of the 
key to run the score to 24-13 with 
8:59 left in the first half, but the 
Oaks stood their ground. 

Ed Knight (19 points, eight re-
bounds) and Tim Cramer ( 12 points) 
ignited a quick Menlo comeback. 
Knight's three-point bomb from the 
right-side cut the Triton lead to three, 
30-27, at the two-minute mark. 

Headingto halftime UCSDc1ung 
to a 36-30 lead, but Menlo was rap-
ping loudly at the door. 

Not for long. Lusain (19 points, 
eight assists, seven steals), Johnson 
(20 points) and Hantgin (14 points) 
each opened fire from beyond the 
three-point strip in the second half, 
and the more sluggish Oaks were 

left rooted in their tracks. 
Hantgin' s back-to-back threes 

put UCSD up 56-44 with II :25 left, 
and it only got worse for Menlo. 

The Oaks showed why they are 
ranked seventh in the nation in re-
bounding, dominating UCSD 44-29 
(20-7 on the offensive glass). But 
the Tritons shut down the passing 
lanes and allowed few uncontested 
jumpers. 

At the final tally, the Oaks· re-
bounding bark was far worse than 
their scoring bite. With three min-
utes ~maining, UCSD's 82-66 ad-
vantage sparked a garbage-time 
bench-clearing on both sides. 

Menlo's late run could not alter 
the outcome, although il did do an 
injustice to the Tritons· second half 
dominance. 

"It was a good game for us,'· 
Marshall said. "Menlo's a hell of a 
team." 

More icing on the cake for the 
sugary taste of revenge. 

Tritons Escape Losing Rut 
WINNING WEEKEND: UCSD collects wins over Chapman, Cal Lutheran 
By Aron Miller 
ASSOCiate Sports Editor 

Without a playoff spot on the 
horizon, the UCSD women's bas- . 
ketball team has the tedious task of 

BRSKET 

," 

BHLL 

simply play-
ing out the rest 
of its schedule 
and -waiting 
until next year. 

Over the 
weekend, 
though, the 
Tritons (10-
I I) once again 
demonstrated 
the upside to 
what has been 
a rather up-

and-down 1993-94 campaign, sal-
vaging a few ounces of ~spectabil­
ity with a 75-63 win over Chapman 
University and a 70-66 victory at 
California Lutheran University. 

Durinl the first halfofSaturclay' s 
game at CLU (6-13), neither team 
was holding a shooting clinic. The 
Tritons connected on 38.6 percent 
of their attempts, while the Repls 

made only 30.3 percent oftheirtries. 
Despite the poor shooting, UCSD 

managed to build a comfortable 
nine-point lead heading into half-
time. 

CLU came out of the locker room 
inspired for the second half, know-
ing full well that nine points was not 
too much to overcome. 

The game wavered back and forth 
throughoutthetinallOminutes, with 
the Tritons clinging to a single-digit 
advantage. And with UCSD failing 
to make its free throws (10 of 20 in 
the second halO, the Regals stllyed 
within striking distance. 

The Tritons held off CLU's at-
tack in the end, escaping with their 
second road-win of the season. 

Senior Lisa Beaver led UCSD 
with 18 points and II rebounds, 
including seven offensive boards. 
Sophomore Valerie Ryan t8Jlied 10 
points and II ~bounds. 

Chapman (4-17) didn't give the 
Tritons U IOIIgh of a leSt on Friday 
!light. 

UCSD cruised throuah much of 
the first half, pullins down M .. ner-

Sophomo,. v .... ..,.. 
ous Panther bricks and convening 
them into easy buckets at the other 
end. 

Chapman shot a pathetic 28. I 
percent during the first 20 minutes, 
while the Tritons made 41 percent 
of their sholl. UCSD led, 40-28, lit 
the half. 

In the second half, San Diego 
toyed with the overmatched 
Chapman dub to finish off the 12-
point win. Beaver finished with a 
leIJA-high 23 points. 

Monday, February 14, 1994 The ues»' G~~rdia~ 

§D~ 
EWS-FLASHE 

AssocIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get Involved 
In Student Gevemment. There are 
many opportunities ranging from 
External Affairs to Student Advocacy to 
Publicity. Our offices our on the third 
floor of the Price Center. Stop by 
anytime to discover the many ways to 
get Involved or call 534-4450 for more 
Information. 

PuBLICITY MANAGER 
A Publicity Manager Is needed for the 
Associated Students. A great way to 
get Involved in student government 
and great experience. For more 
information call 534-5307 or come by 
our offices on the third floor of the 
Price Center. 

MUIR COMMUTER COUNCIL 
Muir Commuters: Help usl Join other 
Muir Commuters In planning fun 
events. Meetings of the Muir Com-
muter Council are Mondays at 11am 
in Half ~me Lounge. 

SUN GoD 1994 
Attention Student Organlzationsl Sun 
God '94 Is coming May 201 We'd. like 
your Involvementl Check your student 
mailboxes for more Info or call Jessica 
at 534-5259. Stay tuned for details 
about our info .. meeting. 

SENIOR GIFI' 
If you want to make a difference join 
the Senior gift Committee, and you 
don't have to be a senior to partlci· 
pate. Sophomores, Juniors and 
Seniors have come together to raise 
money to support various projects 
requiring funding not normally supple-
mented by the state. There past 
projects Include the recycling recep-
tacles, maintenance of the recep-
tacles, and the Irrigation system for 
the eucalyptus trees. Call 534-2178 
and ask for Adrienne or Beccl. We will 
come together once or twice a month, 
over the next three months to Initiate 
the process. 

COMEDY SHOW 
Come join us at a noontime comedy 
show featuring comedian Kevin 
Moreland. Participate In "Help the 
Homeless and Hunger Awareness 
Week." There will be food and music 
by a local radio station. Tues, Feb 15, 
Sun God Lawn. 

RIMAC GRAND OPENING 
RIMAC will be opening soon, and a 
committee is needed to plan the grand 
opening. Call 534-4450 for more 
information or come to the third floor 
of the Price Center for an application. 

SHOPPING SHUITLE 
Check out the new Associated 
Students SUpermarket Shuttle. 
Tuesdays-Marshall(6:3Opm), 
MuI117:00pm), Revelle(7:45pm) 
Wednesdays-Warren(6:30pm), 
Rfth(7:00pm) 
Space Is limited so get there early! 

ARMENIAN STUDENT 

AssoCIATION 
ASA will hold its next meeting this 
Wednesday, February 16 at 6:30 pm 
In the Price Center Gallery A. Please 
join us to get information on our 
upcoming big eventl You can partici-
pate In the preperatlons-so come get 
all the details I 

PAID POSmON! 
You need $$$1 We need an AS Ads 
Director! Interested in working with 
the 15 campus media like the Koala, 
Voz Fronterlza, Momentun, California 
Review, New Indicator, ect? We are 
looking for a committed individual who 
CM work to solicit as for our campus 
media. Get a great experience, work 
with great Individuals, and have a 
flexible schedule. Cal 534-4450 and 
ask for Blk-Na Park. Or, stop by the 
third floor of the Price Center and fill 
out an application by January 31. 

A.S. YEARBOOK 
If you missed the deadline to buy a 
yearbook, don't worry, A.S. Yearbook 
has ordered a limited number of extra 
books. To reserve one, send a check 
for $25 payable to "A.S. Yearbook" to 
A.S. Yearbook, 9500 Gilman Drive, La 
Jolla, CA 92093-0077. Call 534-
7491 for more information. 

ANAFA POT LUCK 
ANAFA meets every first and third 
week of the month to discuss animal 
Issues and vegetarlm/veganism. 
Ever lone is welcome to panlclpate In 
our fun and delicious potlucksl Next 
meeting Is Wednesday, February 23 at 
7:00pm, the location will be an-
nounced In next weeks newsflashes. 
Call Shivon at 459-2815 for more 
information. 

DEAN SEARCH 
The Division of Natural Sciences 
needs a new deanl Any undergracl 
science major who Is interested in 
serving on the search committee 
should contact A.S. Offices at 534-
4450. 
RED HOT CHIU BASH 
Chili Cookoff Competition for ALL 
campus orgsl February 25, 11am-
2pm in the Price Center. 

CONCERNED STUDENTS 
Converge on Federal Building at 
4:00pm to demonstrate for an extra 
1'16 appropriation for higher education. 
Challenge Clinton to recut the plell 
February 15, 3:()()'5:00pm. Meat at 
the Hump-<arpool to Fed Building. 
Call Jenner McCloskey at 627-1171 
for more information. 

BlACK HISTORY MONTH 
Groundwork books Is having a 20'16 
discount on books, periodicals, shirts, 
posters, etc. related to culture of 
African-Americans, Africa, and 
Carrlbeans throughout the month of 
February. Call ·452·9625 for more 
information. 

NATIONAL CONDOM WEEK 
February ~ebruary 23. Events 
include: Live Sex Acts on the 
Plaza,noon, Price Center Plaza, Wed, 
Feb 23; Panel.persons who are HIV+, 
7pm, Revelle's Why Not Here?, Wed, 
Feb 16. FREE condoms tables-
Monday, Feb 14, Price Center Plaza. 
Monday, Feb 14, 9am-3pm, Revelle 
Plaza. 

BONE MARRow DRIVE 
You may be the one In a million 
chance for one of thousands of 
patients with Leukemia and other 
blood related diseases in need of a 
bone marrow transplant. You can help 
by giving only two tablespoons of 
blood at this drive. Wednesday, 
February 16 and Thursday, February 
17 at 11:00am-2:00pm in the Price 
Center Ballroom A. Call the San Diego 
Blood Bank at 29&6393 for more 
Information. 

WWORD 
UCSO's only interdisciplinary non-
fiction journal is taking submiSSions 
for its annual publication. The 
deadline is March 4. Orop submls· 
sions off in the undergraduate 
Literature Department main office. 
Call 558-5938 or 534-7608 for more 
information. 

INCOME TAX INFORMATION 
GAVEL/Student Legal Services is 
sponsoring a tax seminar on February 
24 from 1-3pm in the Price Center 
Santa Barbara room. 
GAVEL..Students helping students. 

CSA MOVIE NIGHT 
We are showing a popular Chinese 
fiim with English subtitles. Please 
come and join usl Wednesday, 
February 16, 8:00pm. Warren Lecture 
Hall 2005. Call Kelly at 558-7712 for 
more information. 

GREEK AWARDS NIGHT 
March 1, 7:00pm, Price Center 
Ballroom. $6 admission. 

Elections Are Coming! 
ALL Associated Students elected positions are open-including: 

President, VP Admin, VP Finance, VP External, Senators 
First day to file is March 7 

. Start thinking about how YOU can make a difference! 

Remeber to VOTE April 5-7! 

I 

AS MEETINGS 
The Associated Students Council holds 
meetings every Wednesday night at 
6:30. The meetings are open to the 
public and students are encouraged to 
attend. 

~~~I..ZE~ 

es., Feb. 15 
CE 

<=>· .... ~ ···$.1 
Price Cente!r Theatre! 
8:00 10:30 

Thurs. Feb. 17 

Cent:er 

6:30 
I • ~- I..... ~. I _ : 

$ I il" ... "-.'"' .. I. ......... -~-
$2 "-' .. lY .... t - _ ....... "'" 
resente • • • • t 

Volunteer 
Connection 
A.S.K. Info Night 

Enjoy working with kids? Join 
the Active Students for Kids 
elementary school tutoring 
program. Come to the info 
night. Make a difference in a 
child's life! 

Wednesday, February 23, 
7:00pm in the Volunteer Con-
nection Office on the 2nd floor 
of the Price Center. Call 534-
1414 for more informption. 

A.S. Newsftashes is produced by the Associated 
Students of UCSD. Student organizations may 
advertise In the A.S. Newsflashes by filling out the 
form located outside the AS. Secretary·s office. third 
floor, Price Center. Submissions are due each 
WedneSday at noon for the next Monday·s edition. 

.. 

-

-

-



, 
... 

'. 

" . 

GREGG 

lHHEJ1J1 
Lillehammer 
Winter Lovin' 

Ah, Valentine's Day, I'm 
ju t about bubbling over with 
Valentine cheer. 

That, combined with my 
Olympic goodwill, leaves me 
wi th a warm, fuzzy feeling for 
Jll of humanity. 

It all started with the 
Opening Ceremonies on 
Saturday night. Normally, I'm 
not such a gigantic fan of these 
types of festivities, but those 
Norwegians really got this one 
right. 

Large, wild animals, a man 
on fire taking a ballistic course 
to the stadium, hats out of a Dr. 
Seuss story, and, with the King 
and Queen of Norway present, 
the chance that any spectator at 
..Iny time might have his/her 
head chopped off. 

The UCSD Guarclian MUI .. lu~· . F,·I,,·uu/·y I I. I ')I} I 

Trojans 
Topple 
Tritons 
TROY TRIUMPH: UCSD 
falls to natiqn's number-
two seed in straight sets 
By Dan Kraft 
Staff Writer 

After capturing its first victory 
of the season over UC Santa Cruz 
last week, the Triton men's volley-
ball team returned to the harsh reali-
ties of Division I competition last 
Saturday night when the second-
ranked Trojans of USC swarmed 
the Triton gym to battle UCSD. 

Of course, that whole Tonya 
Harding-Nancy Kerrigan affair 
has not been in the best 
Valentine's Day spirit. 

Junior Eric Quandt applies the tag to a slldlne CSULA Golden Ealle as Chris Miyake looks on. 
Southern California (7-0, 6-0 in 

the Mountain Pacific Sports Fed-
eration) made short work of the Tri-
tons, sweeping their overwhelmed 
San Diego hosts ( 1-8, 0-6) right out 
of their own gym, 15-9,15-1, 15-5. But Kerrigan upposedly 

sent her a card that read "Roses 
are red, Violets are blue, I'll 
visit you in jail , When you ' re 
prisoner 4- 1-6-4-5-3-2. " Yes, 
::upid certainly has his work 
cut out for him. 

Tritons Sweep Cal State L.A. 
TWo-DMED: UCSD jumps out to 2-0 with twin killing of Division II Golden Eagles The Tritons played tough through 

most of the first game, pulling to 
within two points at 10-8, before 
USC drilled five of the next six 
points to seize the game. 

Besides the fact that this 
lympics could tum out to be 

the first sporting event covered 
by Court TV, you have to give 
an edge in style points when it 
comes down to the Winter vs. 
Summer Olympics. 

For starters, these games are 
being held in a winter wonder-
land, where a light snowfall 
serenely dusts the countryside 
during the Opening Ceremo-
nies. 

By Jeff Praught 
Staff Writer 

After consecutive rain outs put a 
damper on the opening of the '94 
season, the UCSD baseball team 

finally kicked 
off its cam-
paign with an 
exciting 
doubleheader 
sweep on Sat-
urday against 
Division II 
Cal State Los 
Angeles. 

The Tri -
tons entered 
the twin bill 
ranked a sur-

prising eighih in Division III, but 
they faced a tough Golden Eagles 

team which they had never beaten. 
Despite heavy expectations and 

the frustration of the rain outs, the 
Tritons' most pressing concern was 
the health of opening-game starter 
Ryan Flanagan. 

Flanagan, a southpaw, is coming 
off an injury-plagued season in 
which he made only two appear-
ances. Because a healthy Flanagan 
will be crucial to UCSD's success 
this year, Manager Lyle Yates has 
been limiting him to 60 pitches per 
game. 

Flanagan got off to an inauspi-
cious start on Saturday when Golden 
Eagle third baseman Larry Huff led 
off with a single and promptly stole 
second. He would later come around 
to score on John Hilo's one-out in-
field single to give CSULA a 1-0 

lead. 
UCSD answered with a run in its 

half of the first. After Eric Quandt 
led off with a walk, up stepped jun-
ior Chris Miyake, who finished last 
season with a UCSD-record 18-game 
hitting streak. He wasted no time 
extending it to 19, singling off 
CSULA starter Robert Berns. 
Quandt later scored on an error to 
even the score at one. 

o Third baseman Dan O'Brien's 
second error of the game led to a 
second-inning run for CSULA, but 
again UCSD answered. Buu Aaron 
and Jason Aguilar both Ja,ad run-
scoring singles to give UCSD a 3-2 
lead. 

With the score tied 4-4 irf the 
fifth, Flanagan (4IP, 3ER, 6H) was 

See BASEBAU., Page 18 

"To compete [with teams like 
USC] you have to raise your level of 
play," UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik said. "We didn't play at 
that higher level tonight." 

Hard-hitting Trojan senior Chris 
Underwood pounded away at the 
UCSD front line, leading USC to a 
resounding victory in game two. 

Underwood finished the match 
with 14 kills to lead the Trojans. 
Sophomore RusseJl Brock was a 
close second, crushing home l3kills 
on the match. 

USC fi nished off the contest with 
a straight sweep in the third game, 
scoring 14 unanswered points to 
overcome an early 5-1 Triton lead. 

While Atlanta, site of the 
upcoming 1996 Summer 
Games, may lead Lillehammer 
in many all-important catego-
ries such as crime, personal-
injury attorneys and baseball 
players married to Halle Barry, 
not even the Atlanta Olympic 
20mmittee would use "At-
!anta" and "wonderland" in the 
same paragraph. 

Mustangs Corral UCSD In Home Opener 
TWIN KlWNG: Cal Poly San Luis Obispo dominates double-header, 14-1 and 9-0 

"We simply weren't aggressive 
enough out there when we got up 
five to one," Dannevik said. "We 
just let USC do what they wanted. 
We didn't make them work." 

UCSD's poor play was a tough 
pill for its coach to swallow 0 

Second, the Winter Games 
'nvolve several events in which 
the competitors regularly 
shatter the sound barrier. 

The bobsled, luge and 
downhill skiing events all 
feature competitors bursting 
into flames near the finish line. 
How many venues in Atlanta 
will have to be insulated from 
sonic booms? And it was a 
winter sport - ski jumping -

See OLYMPICS, Page 15 

By Blair Johnson 
Staff Writer 

Whenever a Division m team 
plays a Division II team, the team 
with scholarships usually wins. 

Sunday's contest between the 
UCSD softball team and Cal Poly 
San Luis Obispo was no different. 
The visiting Mustangs easily swept 
the season-opening double-header, 
14-1 and 9-0, respectively. 

"Cal Poly simply came out 
swinging today. Not that we didn't, 
but they were just very hard to stop," 

THE-WEEK AHEAD 

1 •• 11. 
Wed., Feb. 16 at Point Loma Nazarene College, 2:30 p.m. 

8oIf: 
Today at CSU San Bernardino Tournament, 10 a.m. 

.... ·.V ••• ".I: 
Tue., Feb. 15 vs. UniversIty of La Verne at Main Gym, 7 p.m. 

UCSD Manager Patricia Gerckens 
said. 

In the first game the home team 
kept the contcst close with tough 
defensive play during the first few 
innings. 

In the third inning, with runners 
on first and third and nobody out for 
Cal Poly SLO, Lisa Gil scooped up 
an easy grounder, tagged the runner 
going to second and threw to first 
forthe second out During the throw 
to first, the nmner on third headed 
home. First baseman Kristin 

Schueler picked this up and hit 
catcher Emily Rubin with a perfect 
strike. Rubin applied a textbook tag 
for your basic 4-3-2 triple play. 

In the fourth inning Cal Poly 
SLO erupted for a six-run inning 
with a few loopers, seeing-eye 
grounders and a powerful run-scor-
ingdouble, which finished off UCSD 
for good. 

Triton tbird-baseman Katie 
Galvin checked in with an encour-
aging performance JOing 1-2 and 

See IOF11MLL, Page 19 

"I don't mind losing as long as 
we compete and go hard," DanReVtk 
said. "But we didn't do that tonight. 
I'm disappointed, but I'm not dis-
couraged." 

Tom Black was a bright spot in 
an otherwise bleak performance for 
UCSD, tallying I S kills on the 
evening to lead all players. 

Injuries continued to plague the 
Tritons. Leading kill man and on-
court leader Steve Kremser suffered . 

See V-IIAU, Page 15 

GUARDIAN ATHLETE-GF-THE-WEEK 
UCSD baseball shortstop ChriI Ml,.ke couldn't wait for the 

1994 season to set underway. After an, he bad an IS-game hiuing 
streak to continue and a possible banner year to inauJUrate. 

It took him all of half an innina to set started. The junior went 
five for ei,ht in a two-game sweep of Cal State L.A., including 
two doubles, a triple and the ,ame-winnin, hit in eacb contest. 

"We've been waiting a lon, time for the season 10 stan," 
Miyake said. "I'm just happy thIt I could produce IIId help the 
team win." 


