
ILI.WHIRE 

....... _c ... 
er ...... cldotl 
SANTA BARBARA - Both 
sides of the Santa Barbara 
legal system are gearing up 
for the deluge of court cases 
that have arisen from Hallow-
een arrests in Isla Vista. 
"They're starting to trickle in 
now," said Ann Sullivan, an 
attorney at the Santa Barbara 
District Attorney's Office. 
"So far there hasn't been a 
big glut on the system." 
According to Public Defender 
Rick Barron, defense attor-
neys will try to raise ques-
tions about the'details of each 
case. "It appears to me thnt 
the [officers'] marching order 
was to seek a group of people 
standing together and pick 
one of those people of the 
group and arrest them," 
Barron said. 

UCSR May Add 
Black Studl .. Ph.D. 
SANTA BARBARA - The 
Black Studies Department at 
UC Santa Barbara is in the 
initial stages of circulating a 
Ph.D. plan to universities-
worldwide, soliciting 
critiques on the program it 
hopes to initiate by Fall . 
Quarter of 1995. According 
to Black Studies Chair 
Cedric Robinson, the 
graduate program, if ap-
proved, will support the 
department both financially 
and through the provision of 
student assistance available 
to professors. 

LonIIUMs ......... 
F.FI_laIAId 
SANTA BARBARA-
Long lines for the quarterly 
two-day financial aid payout 
at UC Santa Barbara re-
mained a frustrating experi-
ence for some, despite efforts 
by a special task force to 
streamline the process. The 
number of students receiving 
aid at UCSB jumped from 
approximately 5,900 in the 
fall to 7,100 this quarter. 

INDEX 

ECLECTIC 
HIA"'S: The UCSD 
International Film 
Festival is underway H1 

SPOIl'S: Men's ' 
basketball defeated 
Chapman 12 

INSIDE 

taD BIIEFS ............................ 2 
CALVIN" IIOIBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
ClASSDlED8 ............................ . 
SPOITS ................................... 12 

'I 

UC SAN DIEGO 

State Audit 
Finds Misuse 
Of Funds 
REPORT: 1\vo ex-employees 
misappropriated over $40,000 
from student outreach program 
By Philip Mlc ...... 
News Editor 
and .lonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 

Two former UCSD employees misappro-
priated at least 512,680 from a campus stu-
dent outreach program, according to a report 
released by the state Auditor General's Office 
on Tuesday. 

The report found that the director and an 
administrative assistant of the San Diego Stu-
dent Opportunity and Access Program (SOAP) 
billed the university for falsified payroll and 
mileage claims totaling over $40,000. Of the 
total, the two employees misappropriated at 
least 512,680 for personal profit, Auditor 
General Kurt Sjoberg said. 

In a statement released on Tuesday, cam-
pus officials said that they "concurred" with 
the Auditor General'afindiop. 

Maria L Sima lervod as the director of 
SOAP until her resignation last September. 
While the Auditor General did not release the 
names of the two employees, the report did 
say that the accused directOr and administra-
tive 'assistant left the univenity in the fall. 

"The university is not confirming or deny-
ing names," said Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Services Carmel Myers: 

SOAP is a university-sponsored outreach 
program that provides information about 
higher education to high school seniors. The 
program also provides tuton for local pri-
mary and secondary schools. 

The report said that the director of SOAP 
misappropriated more than $6,000 for her 
personal profit by writing checks to herself 
and her husband from a secret bank account 
and by falsifying reimbursement claims. 

The administrative assistant misappropri-
ated more than $6,585, according to the Audi-
tor General's report, by falsifying payroll 
documents, forging signatures on payroll 
checks and forging SOAP's endorsement on 
checks from other organizations. 

The remaining money cited in the report 
consisted of unearned payments to seven stu-
den .. , (alsified payroll checks, unaccounted 
petty Cash, unauthorized payments, false mile-
age claims, a secret bank account and non-
program expenses. 

Myen said that it was not known at what 
time the misappropriation of funds took place. 
However, she speculated that it probably oc-
curred within the 18 months preceding the 
auditor's investiption. 

Accordina to Myen, the university is con-
. ductin, an internal audit on the SOAP pr0-

gram. The audit will be completed within the 
next two to four weeks, she IBid. 

Followina the release of that audit, Myers 
said that the univenity will confer with ita 
attorneys to decide whether or not to file 
char .. &pinst the two employees. 

Sjobcra said that it was the responsibility 
of the .... Attorney General or the San D1eao 
District Attorney to file criminal charaes 

See ~UDIT, Pap 3 

H I u c s D 

mURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1994 VOLUME 81, ISSUE 4 

CHECK, PLEASE! 
Tbe Muir eou.,a Reeidentlal LIfa Staff preHfIt a check for $1,078 to Matthew 
Packard of, tile San Dlelo Food Bank. The check WII8 part of • Muir fundra .. l", drive. 

Constitution Authors Explain 
Differences in New Document 
DEBATE: Monday night meeting 
marked by heated arguments 
over A.S. convention procedure 

bate, the convention reconvened, and con-
stitution co-author and A.S. Director of 
Development Wally Lockwood briefed 
members on changes in' the new constitu-
tion. 

By Alex ...... r Th ...... 
Staff Writer 

The proposed Associated Students consti-
tution was outlined by one of its authors at last 

According to authors Lockwood and Com-
missioner of Academic Affairs David Valen-
tine, three main changes have been proposed 
within the new constitution. 

Monday's constitutional con-
vention meeting, but not be-
fore heated arguments broke 
out in an early recess. 

During the recess, former 
A.S. Vice President External 
Siamak Malek, who is the 
convention's chair pro tem, 
brought up concerns about 
the protocol ,being used to 
construct the new constitu-
tion, 

Malek has proposed a new 
structure for running the con-
vention that would allow the 
general public greater partici-
pation in the process. 

"We are here to discuss 
and plan out [a constitution], 
not review a piece of legisla-
tion and pass it .... We're here 
to create something new," 
Malek said. 

He added that A.S. mem-
ben have an advantage over 
members of the public in cre-
ating a new document be-
eaule of their knowledge of 
parliamentary procedure and 
"legalese" language. 

"Many ofua have no ex-
perience with a constitution, 
and we are beina asked to 

"We are here 
todlscu ... ~ 
plan out (. 
constitution), 
not r.ylew 
.plece 
ofl ..... atlon 
.nd ..... It .... 
We',. ..... . 

First, the executive members 
will now consist of two vice 
presidents and a president in-
stead of three vice presidents 
and the president. Lockwood 
said that eliminating one vice 
president position will help 
streamline the council. 

Second, the commissioners 
will have a clear division of 
tasks and will no longer be 
elected to office or hold vot-
ing powers on the A.S, Coun-
cil. 

This wiJI allow commission-
ers to devote more time to their 
jobs and less time to A.S. Coun-
cil procedures, in which they 
often do not need to participate, 
Lockwood said. 

Finally, the Judicial Board 
will gain more independence 
from the A.S. Council and have 
greater jurisdiction over student 
affairs . 

Currently, the Judicial Board 
falls under the'purview of the 
A.S. Council. 

to_"_ 
sometIIl ... new. The constitution also calls 

..... Malek, for the creation of 10 campus-
Constitutional CotwentJon wide senator positions. 

Chair Pro Tem 

look at it and review it," Malek said. 

A campus-wide aenator 
would serve a two-year term, 

with five of the other aenaton selected each 
year. FoUowin, nearly an hour of chaotic de-



2 NEWS 

Professor Floats Idea 
For New Workstation 
INVENTION: Steve Roberts is using a combination 
of art and engineering in an effort to build a dream 
By DM Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

Don 't bother trying to steal vis-
iting lecturer S teve Roberts' $1.2 
million bicycle. The bike's satel-
li te navigation system will alert 
one of the on-board computers that 
the bicycle is moving. Witho ut the 
password, the computer will then 
dial 911 on the cel-
lular phone, alert-
ing the police with 
a speech-synthe-
sized voice of its 
pred icament and 
exact location. 

like his cycling journeys, " it's ba-
sically open-ended wandering." 

"lfyou think ofa specific goal," 
said Roberts, "then everything be-
tween here and there is an ob-
stacle. " 

About 100 corpora tions are 
funding the project. With the goal 
of comple ting the praft by the end 

of next year, Rob-
erts is enlisting the 
aid of ove r 20 
UCSD students 
who are working 
for credit. In addi-
tion, said Roberts, 
about 50 people 

. have volunteered 
their time to help 
him build the 
microship. 

After seeing the 
580-pound BEHE-
MOTH (for " Big 
Electronic Human 
Engineered Ma-
chine ... Only Too 
Heavy"), some still 
may not be able to 
resist trying to 
snatch it for them-
selves. The BEHE-
MOTH, which is 
currently parked in 
Roberts ' UCSD 
laboratory, is the 
kind of machine 
that makes even the 
most avid elec-
tronic hobbyist or 
engineer drool. 

MThethlng 
Roberts said 

construction of the 
craft is a complex, 
interdisciplinary 
project. that will 
give students a taste 
of how much fun 
engineering can be. 

I keeptryln. 
to remember 
I. that thl. 
I. driven by 

"The beauty of 
it is, all of us are 
working together 
for a common 
goal," said Rob-
erts. " It's much 
more like real en-
gineering. " 

a dream. If thl. 
was Just. Job, 
I would hate It. 

Roberts' newest 
project will prob-
ably make them 
bawl like jealous 
school children. 

It was a way 
to blend my 
,..alonalnto 
one lifestyle." 

Students will 
also participate in 
the design and de-
velopment of the 
craft's on-board 

-Steve Roberta, 
Roberts, whose 

Nomadic Research 
Lecturer, Inventor 

Lab is now housed in the engi-
neering building, is in the first 
stages of constructing a waterborne 
version of his high-Iech bicycle. 

The craft, dubbed the Sea Moss 
Microship, is a 30-foot-long, 1.5-
ton hull sandwiched between two 
detachable kayaks. The center hull, 
which houses the craft's custom-
designed computers, communica-
tion equipment and sleep area, is 
being designed by Nelson/Marek, 
the San Diego design firm that 
created the Stars and Stripes cata-
maran. 

In addition to its sail, the 
microship has propellors which 
can be powered by either human 

"'Clr solar energy . 
"I don't like having to depend 

on resources that I won't always 
be able to get [e.g. gasoline]," 
Roberts said. Natural energy such 
as wind, sun and food are always 
available, he added. 

Roberts said that he will most 
likely use the microship to travel 
in small waterways rather than the 
open ocean. However, he said that 

electronics. 
Like the BEHEMOTH, the 

microship will utilize a number of 
powerful computers for systems oon-
trol, navigation, writing and e-mail. 

In addition, the workstation-
on-water will be able to collect 
environmental samples each hour 
for analysis of radiation, acidity, 
temperature and other factors. This 
data will be stored in a large data-
base which students and others 
will be able to access from remote 
locations. 

"The point is that computers 
are simply windows," said Rob-
erts. "Communication is what's 
really important." 

To help him keep in touch with 
other users, Roberts will use sys-
tems similar to those employed on 
the BEHEMOTII: a satellite hook-
up, cellular phone with modem 
and fax, and full ham radio. 

Over the course of his journey 
on the BEHEMOTH, Roberts col-
lected 811 electronic network, or 
" hospitality database," of about 
5,000 people. 

See ROBERTS, Page 3 

lilt OCSDGiMllltIl P*III!Idllandlllllldlluldlll ...... .-...c,..-1IJ1IId at. ....... 
dUCSD . ......... dtNo ...... ~ .................... III~""' ............ iI 
.. 1IIdIIId. elJll1 .... __ ""laD AMIIIt il lIIIllllPlllllllla .. !lUll" UNDIdIIII_". "" .......... 111 ............. "--.. 
nat '-" ........... d lilt laD --... ........... d CIIIII!iI, III" 

Tlae UCSD Guardiaa Tbunda,. January 13. 19M 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

~ . ' 

IfS L\~E ~~ AIR B~ . 
~ Ii IN flOlT 

BRIEFLY ••• 

Of ~OJR \1E~O 
LllC£ 'Ill''.) A"!. 

~Q;> ~. 

Engineers to Study Earthquake Safety 
I A team of structural engineers from UCSO has 

been awarded two grants totaling $3.4 million to 
create new design methods for building earthquake-
resistant bridges. 

The three-year grants, from the Califomia Depart· 
ment of Transportation, will be used to investigate 
altemative techniques that could be used to improve 
bridge strength and flexibility. 

· We'li take a look at what has been done in seismic 
design in the past,· said Structural Engineering Pro-
fessor Nigel Priestley. ·We'li tJy to determine whether 
or not there are better ways of conceptualizing how 
structures should perform In earthquakes to reduce 
damage In moderate earthquakes and avoid extreme 
cases of damage with major earthquakes.· 

To accomplish these tasks, Priestley and fellow 
Structural Engineering Professor Frieder Selble will 
direct a team from UCSO's Charles Lee Powell Struc· 
tures Laboratory that wlii Include two postdoctoral 
engineers, a research engineer and about 10 graduate 
students. 

Under the grants, the UCSD researchers willinves-
tigate about 10 areas where design could be simplI-
fied or performance could be improved. 

These latest Caitrans grants follow a successful 
research project in which UCSD stnJctural engineers 
developed techniques for the state transportation 
agency to retrofit older bridges. More than 500 bridges 
statewide have been strengthened since the October 
1989 loma Prieta earthquake, most employing de-
signs and methods developed at UCSD. 

Researchers under the new Caltrans grant will work 
closely with engineers involved with the proposed 
landmark 450-foot highway bridge over Interstat~5 
built from lightweIght composite materials. The bridge 
project recently was awarded $10.5 million In federal 
funds through a program aimed at helping the nation's 
defense industry convert Its technologies to peace-
time uses. 

RENt BRUCKNER, Gnlphlcs Editor 
MIQUIL IUCKlNMIYER, Des/", Editor 
EUINI CAMUSO, Associate NtJws El1Itor 

DAVID ClIO, Photo Editor 
IRIAN K. Huno. Spotts Editor PHIU, MlCHAIU, News Editor 

AItON MlUIR, Auocilt. Sports Editor 
JfIf NIIIIL, HIIfII. Editor 

JOfIM 'au.R. Auoc#lte News Editor 
YAKOV ZOLOTOIIV, AttocIIt. Photo Editor 

"The seismic design project will help with the 1-5 
bridge project, and the 1-5 project may have some 
solutions that could help with the seismic design 
project,· Priestly said. 

County Supervisor Slater Offers 
UCSD Students 1114 Inter ...... ps 

third District County Supervisor Pam Slater is 
seeking college students interested in 1994 intern-
ship positions. 

"Intemshlps are invaluable leaming experiences 
for college students,· Slater said. "An internship 
position in my office will provide students with hands-
on experience In county government and an opportu-
nity to become more Involved in Issues that affect our 
neighborhoods and communities.· 

Intems will assist staff on a wide variety of Issues, 
includi,. health, the environment, law enforcement, 
social services, houslrc and public relations. Slater's 
office offers intemshlp positions throughout the year, 
and hours are flexible dependirc on student schedules. 

Rev.n. CoIl .. e to Aw.d $100 
For Best New l.cCo .,... ... 

As part of Its program to develop a new logo for 
Revelle College, the Revelle College Council (ReC) Is 
accept!,. entries for the new logo until Jan. 31. The 
artist who submits the wlnnl,. logo will be awarded 
$100 and a free lunch with ProYost Thomas Bond, 
Dean Renee Barnett and the RCC Chair. 

The council is Iookln, for a logo that reftects the 
alms and ,oals of Revelle College and stresses the 
broad character of Its curriculum. 

Interested students should Include a brief explan~ 
t10n of the design and explain the symbolic value of the 
logo. For more Information, students should call 534-
3492. 

............ lIItlal,..,iI"* .... .,,~ .... IIIIdI ....... dIII,... 

.. """ ..... ..., . ....., 

DIe ICIIMIDT, Editor In Cltlef 
JASON MTCHII, ProductIon M.""., 

11lIOII n.,. ~ .... IIcIychuk. MaNn CIIeftC, F"";ICO IMVrIH. lien 
Ffwund=~ a.,. JaIInIon. DIll ~. IWn PeI1mIn. 0evtcI S-. C8NI Udell. ..... 
nAIP ErtIIAncIeqon. ~ ... Dlbfe "-tn. GIM FInIIhI. 

EdIIMtII: 534 e81O ......... 0III0e: 534-3488. ,.: 534-7et1 
UCU ......... 1100 ...... Drtv. 0318, 

DOUI ......... OpInIon Elltor 
.. .N ... II.IDIOI, Copy EdItof 

JaIWI GocIfNJ. DIll HelIIe. 0enIeI HInt . ........ Jecobe. IIIeIr ~, EttIe 
~. DIIIICIwII, EIIDIIeIII MeaUnzIe. MurIII MoonIIr • ......., NIODII. Jell 
~ 0, ....... IItIu .......... .-. o.n ....,. AIeundIr 
TlIIIMn. ~ WIle!! 

... Jolla, CA 12013-0311 
_........, .......... UCID ....... c.-...-.·A· 

.. 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Thuraday,January13,1994 

Students React Angrily 
To Governor's Budget 
PROPOSAL: Probable 
$620 fee increase raises 
ire of undergraduates 
By M_ry Beth ...... k 
Staff Writer 

.Gov. Pete Wilson's 1995.bud-
get proposal. which was an-
nounced last .week, has pushed 
some UCSD students and their 
pocketbooks over the edge by 
making fee hikes virtually un~ 
avoidable. 

The governor's budget calls for 
a $58 million increase in state fund-
ing for the University of Califor-
nia. However, this 3.2 percent in-
crease won't cover the 8.8 percent 
hike in funding asked for by the 
UC Board of Regents. To cover 
the shortfall between the UC's 
needs and the governor's proposal, 
the UC Office of the President wiD 
ask the regents to approve a $620 
fee increase for undergraduates 
and a $2,000 fee hike for first-year 
students at the UC professional 
schools. 

Many students resent the prob-
able fee increases and are worried 
about the repercussions that the 
hikes could have. 

") feel that Gov. Wilson needs 
to realize bow important higher 
education is to Cal ifomia 's future, n 
said Revelle College senior 
Stephanie Cobb. ") blame Gov. 
Wilson for the fee hikes because 
he's the one responsible for allo-

eating the money." 
Muir College freshman Cynthia 

Gutierrez said she isconcernedwith 
the effect that fee increases will 
have on students from lower-in-
come families. "I think it lowen 
the opportunities of low-income 
students. They should concentrate 
on defense cuts and stay out of 
education money." 

"This increase will have a nega-
tive impact on many low- and 
middle-class families," said Fifth 
College freshman Stanley Currier. 
" It ' s sad to know that Gov. Wilson 
is malting education less acces-
sible, especially because educa-
tion is the key to solving many of 
the problems that we are wasting 
funds on today." 

Some, like Revelle College stu-
dent Mathew Lopatka, consider 
the fee hikes a necessary measure 
and aren't upset by the budget 
proposal. "I'm not in favor of [fee 
hikes], but I think that students 
have more of an obligation to their 
education than the taxpayers," 
Lopalka said. 

Revelle' College junior Scott 
Goode disagreed, saying, "It seems 
to me that the state should be more 
focused on higher education than 
on some of its other programs," 
Goode said. "Why is it that I, who 
go to a public institution in the 
State of California, pay more than 
a friend that goes to an out-of-state 
school? It looks like we're becom-
ing privatized. n 

MIRAMA 
CAR WASH 

5716 Miramar Road, San ·Diego 
htlhind th u Unocal 76 station 

Mun.-Sat. 8-6 • 455-1120 

ALI.-YOU-CAN-EAT III. Hanl 
~lNNER \ .. " lIun-f.i' .. 
~ SaI8d IIer • KlIng Pea CIIlcken 
• CIIoW ... • Wed filii 
• IIroccoII ..... • T_ IIIr 
· SwttI , Sow Pon • IIpeghItI 
· e8lAoh ...... _1 

LUNCH Bur' ET 399 
_ON IIausI 

I'Iciftc ilia. 2&&2 8arut 
1 ........ 111-5· 172-8781 
--------lDIIJa OFF 

......... 
................... 

I 
I .. til 
I ... 
I C 

r--------, 

P8 BnwHOUII 
DI'I~OnH"" HII • Kitchin 

"I/111M. ............ 111 ... L ________ ~ III .... 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

DrawInC courtesy ~ Michael Kelley and Len Watner 
A conceptual drawl ... of what vlaltlng lecturer Steve Roberta' floating workstatIon will look lIke. 

ROBERTS: 
Professor built $1.2 
million bike 
Continued from pace 2 

But after several years of travel 
on three generations of computer-

• ized bicycles, the allure of the open 
road has faded. Tired of asphalt 
culture and bad drivers, Roberts 
"got burned on the highway. 

" It was exhausting having to 

AUDIT: Report 
names ex-employees 
Continued ftom pace 1 
against the two employees. "[The 

give a lecture every time you came 
out of a restaurant," Roberts said. 

Once, he said, a farmer asked 
him if he was with NASA. Rob-
erts said he was testing a lunar 
excursion module. The farmer 
nodded his head in understand-
ing. 

Then, said Roberts, a friend 
turned him on to the sport of sea-
kayaking. This new hobby gave 
Roberts the idea for the microship. 

"The thing I keep trying to re-

state Auditor General 's Office's] 
responsibility is to provide both or 
either of those prosecutory agen-
cies with the information, which 
we did," Sjoberg added. 

Intensive MCAT Prep: 
1) aal1I works ... don't settle for less! 

member is that this is driven by a 
dream," Roberts said. " If this was 
just a job, I would hate it." 

This same passion was what 
motivated Roberts over a decade 
ago to leave his suburban life and 
become a "high-tech nomad," cy-
cling a total of 17,000 miles on his 
hi-tech vehicle. 

'' It was a way to blend my pas-
sions into one lifestyle," Roberts 
said. 

The investigation began in 
August after Sjoberg 's office re-
ceived a tip on its 24-hour hotline, 
which was set up as a part of the 
state 's whistle-blower program. 

2) combines Ircqge,t in-class MCAT instruction & real MCAT testing with 
carefully guided home study. 

3) is correlated with MCAI sueeeo. 
4) may be the factor to get lWl into medical school. 
S) is the wIY of tbe 90's! 

Columbia MCAT Review: 
1) an independenh full-service program taught by MCAT elocrts (UCSD-trained 

M.D.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates & English Department faculty). 
2) originated the concept of 46lptepslvc MCAT prep" here in San Diego in 1986, 

bewlrc of simulators! 
J) specializes in 19tepslyc MCAT prep & medical school admissions assistance-

they are all we do! 

Due to popular demand, 
we are proud to announce the opening of a new course section (Scc;tlop C), which 
begins Saturday. J,p. Upd. Sections A '" B are now full . Limited enrollment. 

Columbia RevieW 
I. ".lIrE MCAl "E"" Til. 

ENROLL NOW! 45&-5&5& 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdltOl1al Board 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. COII'/ EdItor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

DOUG Al.fXANDER. Opinion Editor 
1M UCSD ~an l. l1l*I- _ • _. the u~ of c.a_. s.. '*Co. Contenta 

011193. V ...... __ lwei. --" the ~ "'* "'the edIIoItei boMI. _ ... not 
_ty thOM of 1M UC _ of fIettnII. 1M ASUCSO. nor the _ .. _ Ian .taII. 

Wilson Budget is Good 
Politics, Bad Policy 

As he does every January, the governor has released his budget 
proposal for the next fiscal year. And like his past proposals, Gov. 
Pete Wilson's 1995 budget has raised the ire of ma(1Y Califor-
nians, particularly students at the University of California. 

At first glance, Wilson appears to have given the UC system . 
an uncharacteristic break. His budget calls for a $58 million boost 
in state funding to the university, a 3.2 percent increase from last 
year. That's the first increase in state funding for the University 
of California in four years and the first one Wilson has seen fit to 
bestow on us during his tenure as governor. 

University officials were ecstatic. UC President Jack Peltason 
praised the governor for his sagacity, saying "We are very 
grateful to the governor for his proposal. The 3.2 percent increase 
represents the best outcome possible given the state's fiscal 
situation and the increasing demands on state funds." While 
heaping praise upon the governor, Peltason forgot to mention that 
the 3.2 percent increase was far short of the 8.8 percent hike the 
university needed to balance its budget. 

But that's what students are for, after all. To meet the shortfall, 
UC students will have to weather a $620 fee hike. First-year 
students at UC's professional schools will face a $2,000 increase 
in fees. And even more university employees will flee this sinking 
ship by taking early retirement. 

Of course, if the governor's figures are not accurate when the 
Legislature votes on the budget, things will be made much worse. 
Wilson has based his entire budget proposal on a pretty risky 
gamble - he has asked for $2.3 billion in aid from the federal 
government to reimburse California for education and health care 
provided to illegal immigrants. Without that $2.3 billion, Wilson 
said "we would have to make decisions that nobody wants to 
make." 

To give you an idea of how likely Wilson's fantasy is, last year 
the state asked for $1.45 billion in federal aid. California wound 
up receiving just $324 million. 

Wilson's gamble reeks of odious election-year politics. Be-
cause he hopes to get reelected, the governor finds himself unable 
to raise taxes or cu t spending. But since the state fiscal year begins 
on July 1, while the federal fiscal year begins on Oct. 1, Wilson 
is able to base his budget on a billion dollar fantasy. By the time 
the federal government gets around to rejecting California's 
request for $2.3 billion in aid, the gubernatorial elections will 
probably be long over. If Wilson is reelected, he can slash the 
budget without any fear ofvoterretaliation. Ifhe loses, well , then 
the new governor will be stuck with the tab. 

This is an ingenious way to play politics, but a lousy way to get 
a floundering state back on track. Wilson is holding the State of 
California hostage for his own political gain, and for that reason 
alone, this budget proposal is the most wretched he has made 
during his four wretched years in office. 

Constitutional Convention 
Lost to Usual Silliness 

Like a drunkard at his first Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, 
the UCSD Associated Students has been able to admit that it has 
a problem. Our troubled student representatives just can't seem to 
stop debating petty bylaws and fighting amongst themselves. 

It started out innocently enough. A few years back, student 
leaders were able to overstep a useless constitution and actually 
solve a few problems, suffering only from occasional bouts of 
infighting. But the wretched constitution finally caught up with 
the councilmembers, who have since lost effectiveness. 

Over the last year, the A.S. wised up and admitted that the 
constitution was unworkable by caDing for a constitutional con-
vention. Along the way, however, something went horribly 
wrong. Students who wanted to submit a constitution for consid-
eration were not given proper notice, and the 10th week of Fall 
Quarter was left for students to draw up an entire constitution. As 
a result, only one constitution was submitted to a convention ... 
doesn't even bave tbe power to make cbanges before approviii 
or rejecting the document. In addition, the constitution doesn't 
provide any remedy to the petty debates that wract the council. 

The same inefficiency that plagues normal A.S. meetinp bas 
struck the convention - Monday's meetioa bepa with • balf-
boar sbou .... matc:b. Clearly, the current convention will give us 
DOth'", but more petty debate. 

The UCSD Guardian Th~y,JanuaryI3,l994 

PINION 

THE TYRANNY OF BUREAUCRACY 
COMMENTARY: The AS.'s Consitutional Convention has fallen prey to 
inefficient and undemocratic rules and procedures; and here's a solution 
By Sl8mak Malek and "the power to remove a member from a Drafting 
ContribUting Opinion Writer Committee .... " So, what we have is a constitutional COIl-
. What do you knq)v about the UCSD AsIiociated Stu- vention run by AS. rules and <:haired by an executive of 

dents, our student gOvernment? What has it done for,)'Clll the very group that the convention is supposed to reform. 
lately? H you can think of nothing, I wouldn't be sur- Sounds kind of fishy, huh? 
prised. But there's more. As dictated by the· AS.-authored 

The AS. is plagued by ineffectiveness. It is continu- bylaws, the constitutional convention can only consider 
ously bogged down by inefficiencies, mired under a constitutions submitted by other people. Now, bow many 
barrage of proc:edural rules and regulations. The most of you knew that you were supposed to submit an entire 
common shortcoming of the AS. is that it constitution to the AS. five days before the 
spends much of its time discussing, de- first meeting of the constitutional conven-
bating and redoing its own procedural tion? When was this meeting, you may be 
bylaws. The problem is so bad that in a asking? 
referendum afew years ago students voted The chair of the constitutional conven-
two to one to hold a constitutional con- tion, one John Barnes, rushed to malce sure 
vention to revamp the entire slJUcture. that the first meeting took place last quar-

I know about AS. ineptitude becaUllC ter, Monday of the terItIt week. Tenthweek, 
I have first-band experience. I served the of course, is when everyone has loads of 
AS. for three years. I spent two years on spare time to delve into bylaws and consti-
the AS. Council, one year as the Vice Due to the tutions. 
President of External Affairs. Back then, AS' According to the language of the by-
one of the major issues was following •• • laws, the constitutional convention can 
through with the student mandate to hold extensive only review what is submitted, not write 
a constitutional convention. Otherellccu- publicity anything. It seems to me that someone is 
tives and I toured various UC campuses missing the point SbouIdn't a constitu-
to gather information and ideas about campal .. to tional convention be a creative process, 
how to make the AS. work. But, as ~ II- one emphasizing innovation and partid-
always happens with the AS.; we got' 8 we pation? In the netherworld of AS. politics, 
bogged down in council politics and the fOUnded the answer is an endtusiastic "no." Rigid 
initiative died. collection of rules and SfJ'UdUreS prohibit such reason-

Now, by a show of bands, how many able expectations. 
people know that the AS. is holding a propo88'a, the The constitutiooal convention is re-
constitutional convention? Look around. constltutl---I quired to follow Robert's (Lt.a. Robot's) 
Do you see a Iotofhands? I doo't. But this lUI.. Rules of Order and the AS.'s ownparlia-
is exciting news. The AS. has finally conventIOn mentaryprocedure.ThougbRobert'sRuies 
gotten a c:onstitutiooal convention to- .... _ . : of Order work wen for a legislative body 
getber. Unfortunately, true to form, the _... . wboIc sole purpose is to review Iepa-
AS: has again fumbled and destroyed "Propo.ed lion, they suck as a.method for generating 
any chance that this event will produce ~_"""''''I __ '' new proposals, actiom or events. In fact, 
anything useful. ~ .. u ... uun they are prohibitive of those very things. 

Let's first envision what a to vot. on. This is the CIUX of AS.'. problems: The 
oonstitutionaloonvention would look like. by II) the AS. '. iJIIdion is that i.1IrUC> 
Now, let's look at the AS. 's vmion. The most prominent bile isdesipecl forJeview and inIpec:Iion aDdlUbeequent 
fwure of the AS. convention is that it'. excessively ippIOVII or diIIpproYaI. but IlOl the pnerIIIioo of any-
bunuDticlndlegalistic.It'.aovemedby AS.-IUIbc:nd thiDa DIW. So tbeA.s. _wry COIMDieaIly bIead the 
bylaws, which determine who can puticipile. wbat they COIIIIitutiollll COIlVCIIIiDa with ill own 5InIduIIl prob-
can do, bow the aJIIItituliooal aJIMDtioo will opente IcmL 
IDd eveD the order tbe proceedinp will lake. Only the Howdidtbilc:omubout?TbebylawsW'eleCJriainaUy 
AS. Couacil caD modify dICIe bylaws. drafted by JaIl ,...'~ AS. E.lrec:uIMa and ..... by 

InIenItiDaIY, the COIIIIitutioMI CIIIMDlioo is dIaiIed . 0DUDCil. AccIordiIW to a former AS. vice praideat, the 
bytbecbliroftbeA.S.Couac:iLAmoaathepowenoftbe bylaws .. tpecificaUy deIiped 10 tbM 1111 yar's 
dIIir is picIiDa the diruIIba, acbowIedaiIIa...... See COffeTlON, PIle 8 

Thanclay, Jaauary 13,1994 The UCSD G....-diaa OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: Western democracies must start practicing what they preach by respecting international law and hwnan rights 

ONE LAw FOR US, ANOTHER FOR THEM 

ANDREW 

REynOLDS 
WORlD 

VIEW 

It bas long been 
apparent that some 
national govern-
ments play by a 
completely differ-
ent set of rules than 
the rest of us. They 
do not seem to be 
bound by the COIl-
straints of interna-
tional law, Juunan 
rights and basic de-
cency. But the cul-
prits are not always 
the despotic regimes 
which often spring 
to mind when inter-

national terrorism and covert action are men-
tioned (e.g. Iran, libya and Iraq). Some of the 
worst offenders are the very Western govern-
ments which base their mandates on the prin-
ciples of liberal democracy and freedom. 

I was reminded of this by the intriguing case 
of Major Alain Mafart, wbowas promoted to the 
position of lieutenant colonel by the French 
government last week. In 1985, as the leader of 
a FrCncb Secret Agent team, he carried out 
orders to destoy the Greenpeaoe ship Rainbow 
Warrior in a New Zealand harbor. The French 
government was furious that Greenpeace wu 
protesting its usc of islands in the South Pac:ific 
as nuclear testing grounds, so it decided to stop 
them by destroying one of its vessels and, in the 
procas, murderinga Greenpeaoe photographer. 
When it was clear who was responsible tor the 
bombing. the public outcry was so great that the 

French government agreed to 
give two agents 10-year prison 
sentences. 

Despite the appalling na-
lure of this governmental 
crime, Major Mafart served 
only two of his 10-year sen-
tence and Captain Prieur (his 
co-conspiralor) was released 
in 1989 after deliberately be-
comingpregnanL It'sclearthat 
the French government had 
lillie coaoem for international 
law when it carried out the 
attaclt and its subsequent ac-
tions. First, it pardoned the 
guilty and later by promoting 
them. 

But the French are not alone 
in the 1J5C.0f covert and illegal 
methods. Over the last year, 
there has been an enonnous 
clamor for the release of 
Jonathan Pollard. Before he 
was caught and convicted Pol-
lard spent many years spying 
on the United States and NATO 
for the government of Israel. 
Jewish groups, Zionist organi-
zatiom and even YitzakRabin, 
the prime minister of Israel, 
have called on President 

The French 
.ovem .... ntwa 
furious that 
Gr_npeace wu 
protesting Its 
u .. of .slands In 
the South 
'aclflc .. 
nucl .... testing 
pounds, so It 
decided to stop 
them by 
destroyl", one 
of Its v .... I .. 

infonnation stolen by Pollard 
and transmitted to the Israeli 
government eventually 1anded 
in Russian hands, leading to 
the deaths of many U.S. agents 
working in the Soviet Union. 
As such, Pollard's betrayal 
was not just one of paper and 
ideas, but of substantial dam-
age to the lives and interests of 
Americans abroad. 

What makes this case even 
more odd -and the actions of 
the Israelis even more repre-
hensible - is that the govern-
ment of Israel was spying on 
the very country which 
propped up its foundations, 
both economically and diplo-
matically.1f Israel had the au-
dacity to abuse international 
law in its dealings with the 
United States, then how would 
it behave toward countries -
and people - less favorable 
to its existence? 

I would like to think that 
the United States is above sucb 
duplicity, international terror-
ism and covert action, but the 
historical evidence seems to 

Ointon to release Pollard from his prison sen-
tence which began in 1987. In rejecting these 
caUs. the President has referred to Central Intel-
Iigence Agcw;;y (CIA) evidence that sensitive 

suggest the contrary. Since the 
end of World War U, American security agen-
cies have been involved in c:ountIess acts of 
state-sponsered violence. The 1970's House 
Committee Investigation into Assassinations 

found that succasive presidents bad approved 
increasingly bizarre plots to assassinate Fidel 
Castro as well as other Latin American leaders 
of whom the U.S. government disapproved. 
However, one of the most outrageous abuses of 
U.S. power in Central America was the massa· 
cre of the Salvadoran village of EI Mozote by 
U.S.-trained military forces. This shameful epi-
sode, recently highlighted in The New York 
Times, wascompoundedbythefactlhat the U.S. 
government attempted to cover up the murders 
and denied all knowledge of them until they 
were exposed. 

Some of the illegal actions taken by Western 
democracies seem to have been accepted as 
inevitable by-products of real poIiti/c. However, 
if we cannot trust liberal democracies to respect 
human rights and international law, who can we 
trust? It is terribly hypocritical when these gov-
ernments condemn Third World regimes for 
abusing their people; while at the same time, 
they are carrying out acts of violence and terror-
ism. 

It is time for the U.S., French, British, Israeli 
and other democratic governments to begin 
practicing what they preach and respect the 
sovereignty of aU nations and different ways of 
thinking. For too long the advocates of "liberty, 
fraternity and democracy" have slipped into 
cynicism when it serves their needs. A good 
starting point would be for the United States to 
resist Israeli caUs fQl' the release of Jonathan 
Pollard and to never again involve itself in 
covert actions to destabilize democratically 
elected governments of neighboring states. Per-
haps then we can hope stop abuses elsewhere. 

~OKING FORA FEW GOOD PUNDITS: Right, Left, Center. •• or just plain loopy. 
For more information call the Guardilln at 534-6580. 

II/f H"fJ \} 
$1 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
COLLEGE PIZZA 
~ & PITCHER NIGHT 

~~A~~. ~ 
CONGRATULATIONS TO 

OUR NEW INITIATES 
Sarah Lange 

Liz Bockus 
Dolly Cheln~_­
Adina Klein 

Hart Levy 
Amanda Mclaughlin 

$5 each 

FIND 
'I'IdreII 
c... 
.... 
.,.. 
.... 
..... 

.. a ... A*.,. 
... 
..... 

Ca.,.laft 
....... 
... -
-_ .. 

t 
£. II==' CALL US! Hows: 

\;iii LID 452 UCSD 11 am-I amS~.-Thurs. 
'.' - 11 am-2 am Fn. &: Sat. 

" ;~ 3211 HoI .... yCourt OPENFOIHUNCHJ 
.;:IIIIIIUI1 • .,.l1lthl l\.1l111 

I 2 MEDIUM I 2 LARGE I 
I 2-TOPPING PIzZAS I .1-TOPPING PIZZAS I 
I FOR ONLY $1299 I ~~~O:TII $1699 I 
I JUST ~ SPECIAL plIIS tu I 101 ONLY ". .. tu I 
I CALL US! I CALL US! . • . I 
I 4S2-UCSD I 4S2-UCSD . I I---~--. I~ _____ ~ I 
• ~..... Go!. --........... Go! • .. ___ - _______ J-___________ .. 

. ......-._._ ......... 0._.., __ __ 



6 OPINION 

osta o/erde tfJentis 
:$390.0 

EXAM, 
'" CLEANING' 

./ ., X -RAYS (b.ew:ilg) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPEclALI 

BrIng this ad with you to your appointment 
... We're open evenings and weekends! . 
... Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
... Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 
... Special introductory offer-$150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
... 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
... Plenty of free parking! 

CALL US FOR 
• AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
_Dr. 

8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 
We accept most insurance plans and major credit cards 

DISPOSABLES 
ACUVUE or NEW VUE $400 ea. 
DAILYWEAR~ 
COMJlLm T,9 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~~~~FS $139 
• Pl£5CIIII'lIONS t.uBl 
• GtAssts DUl'UCATED 
• COMrlm m EXAMS 

• No APPOINTMfNT NfCESSAIIY 
Sf HAllA EyAHOl. 

UT lid product dlacoUDIl 
':-.. ......... - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 

: =-i:: $995 r= $2495 : 
I Cod ........ -==--..::...-..... I 
I I 
I =t.... $1 395 FREE SHAMPOO I I ". with • hllrcat I L'- _____________ - - - _ - __ I 

OI'-r good "'" 1131.94 

we ,are hair 
ALWAYS A GREAT HAIR DAYTM 

The UCSD Guardiu 

Hot Food, Cool People 
125 Garnet Avenue, P1ICIfIc Beich 

274-8084 

I $ to..,.....,,..,...... 
I VALUE LnIt_por~&p.]/)11M 
------------

PRE-MED STUDENTS: 
We Can Teach You How 
To Write Better 
Lab Reports For 
O .... nl' (h •• lstry 14lA 

FIRST ClASS FREE 
Room 1205 Galbraith Hall 
Saturdays 10-12P.m'$50 'I 
9 WEEK COURSE 

. , . 

Call 970-1 838 

2 
Off 
20'/. DISCODI' 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 

II ~ Master Mechanics • ==== exclusively VW and AUOI _ 
5820 Autoport Mall • 450-9494 
Air I Water Cooled • Maintenance Servlcn • Air Conditioning • Tune-Upe 
Rebuilt Engines' Gas I Diesel • Electrical • Qutchn • Brakes • Yalvw 

Located in the Autoport Mall • MIramar 
Next Door TO Discounr Tire 

-- '" _ Of _ QuAITII '94 

r--------------------~ ~·J.II!s ., ~~ I 

I· 
L 

AI ~ . ~\~c.,~. : ==~~':. ~ SAL·En;.1 ........ . .. 
· =.... SAT., JAN. 15, 10oU\-8 PM • 
: ............. SUN., JAN. 16.10 AM 10 6 : 

5 0 0'0 Off all used Items • ,t In store' • 
• 3 0% ~ sr:,ltems • 
I 

Thunda" January 13, 1994 

OONVENIION: 
Student input and 
participation needed 
ContInued from ..... 4 
executives wuld speedily paIS their 
own conceptioo ofwbat the oonstitu-
tion should be. Their plans were 
crusbed when they failed to get re-
elected, leaving council with. deeply 
flawed constitutional convention. 

Perhaps you are WOIIdering about 
the "proposed constitutions" which 
are cunently under review. Due to the 
A.S.', extensive publicity campaign 
to get a well-rounded conection of 
proposals, the constitutional conven-
tion has OM "proposed constitution," 
The singular proposal was written by, 
you guessed it, two current AS. Coun-
cil members. Notable of the two is 
Wallace (Wally) V. Lockwood III, 
the same Wally Lockwood who pro-
posed that the AS. cuJ funding/or all 
student organizations, except for 30-
day loans to be repaid through student 
bake sales and the like. 

Wally aside, what's missing from 
this picture? Well, for starters, a con-
stitutional convention. The conven-
tion happened when Wally and cohort 
Dave Valentine wrote the only "pr0-
posed constitution. " The current pro-
ceedings simply provide the rubber 
stamp. 

What can be dooe about this? Wen, 
the cunent constitutional convention 
memberscancometotheralhersimple 
conclusion that the pfOCf'A"dinp are 
Hawed. They oouId then draft a logi-
cal, rational - and dare I say -
democraticorderfortheconstitutionaf 
convention. The AS. Council cooId 
then ratify the proposal. This, how-
ever, is unlikely. 

The majority of the people who 
show up to the constitutional oonven-
tion meetings are Council members. 
And as a recent meetin& illustrates, 
convention members~the bureau-
cratic culture: they are reportedly as-
signing tbelJl5Clves numbers to aid in 
roll caU ("Number six .... Yes, here, 
number two .... j. 

The only way to make this con-
vention useful, the only way to de-
mocratize it, is if students and student 
organizations get involved. Come to a 
meeting. Get ahold of your A.S. rep-
resentatives and tell them you are 
concemed.Givethemsomenewideas 
of what to do. 

I have my own proposals for how 
the constitutional convention should 
proceed. It's simple, really. First you 
examine the problem (i.e. AS. bu-
reaucratic gridlock) and set up simple 
parameters and goals for a new ClOD- . 
stitution to meet. Then do research 
(something many councilmembers 
seem oblivious to) into various mod-
els of organization, such as existing 
associations, unions and cooperatives 
on other campuses. 

This can be done very efficiently 
and effectively by dividing up the SO-
some person convention into smaU 
groups of two or three and lISigning 
one piece to each group. The constitu-
tional convention would then review 
the accumulated documents and di-
vide them up into three orfourgroups. 
Each group would include documents 
and models that are based on some 
oommon organizational idea. The 
oonventioomembershipwoulddivide 
into a COiiesponding number of com-
mittees. Each committee would write 
a constitution from the given group of 
documents, aeating the best possible 
constitutional model for UCSD with 
that basic idea. 

Now we have several proposed 
solutions Ioourproblem. The last step 
is to pick the best solution. And that 
IbouId be. democratic decision of the 
student body. 

U C S D G U A R D I A N ART S • E N T E R T A I N MEN T JAN U A R Y 13, 1 9 9 3 

INTHE 

nEWS 
R 0 ( K 

• Yet another band from the 
'70s has decided to go back to 
the recording studio. War, the 
band known for albums such as 
The World is a Ghetto and Low 
Rider, will release anew album 
this spring. It will be the first 
studio material released by the 
band, which had a song fea- i 
tured in Richard Linklater's 
film Dazed and Confused, in 
over a decade. 

• Joan J.tt, of "I Love Rock 
'n' RolI"fame, is working on a 
new album with the Blackhearts 
for Warner Bros. Records, wi th 
which she recently signed. Jett 
got her start witti The Run-
aways, an all-female rock 
group. She has been an influ-
ence on a number of female-
led groups that have emerged 
in the last few years. The new 
album is tentatively scheduled 
for release in the spring. 

• Treacherous 3, a rap 
group founded in 1978 by Kool 
Moe Dee, LA. Sunshine, Spe-
cial K and OJ Easylee, has de-
cided to regroup. An album 
entitled Old School Flava will 
be released in March by WRAP 
Records. Guest vocals will be 
provided by contemporary rap-
pers such as Grandmaster Flash, 
Dougie FreSh, Big Daddy Kane, 
Chuck D., KRS-One, Rakim ' 
and HeavyD. 

lO ( A l 
• Ch .... Proctor, a cham-
pion fingerstyle guitarist, will 
give a guitar workshop at the 
Blue Guitar in Pacific Beach 
on Friday at 6:30 p.m. Proctor 
won first place in the United 
States National Fingerstyle 
Championships in 1982, and 
his fifth album is due out early 
this year. A videa and book 
edited by Stefan Grossman will 
also include some 'of Proctor's 
songs. Admission to the work-
shop is free, but seating is lim-
ited, Info: 272-2171. 

• The Ken Cinema in 
Kensington will present V. 
... In Space, a campy sci-fa 
film about an all-female planet 
in the 23rd century, Friday at 
midnight. Tickets are $6.50. 
Info: 283-5909. 

UCSD's 
prestig ious 

festival 
expands its 
horizons ina 
ninth season 

O nce again, UCSD's International Style Film Festival, which began yesterday with a showing of Michael 
Apted's Blink, will steer clear of 
any conscious thematic focus and 
instead offer an array of cultural 
films that deal with a variety of 
human experiences. 

By selecting films from coun-
tries such as Mexico, Korea, Aus-
tria, France, Armenia and Russia, 
this series will most likely offer a 
twist to the predictable stories of 
American life churned out year af-
ter year by the Hollywood film in-
dustry. Since only three of the more 
than 30 films are from the United 
States, the subject matter and styles 
of filmmaking will supply more 
novel perspectives and hopefully 
some unique messages. 

In comparison to last year's se-
ries, the film list has grown in quan-
tity and diversity (encompassing 
more countries), and it also includes 
a special evening of short films on 
May 3 which will premiere Jim 
Jarmusch's (Mystery Train, Night 
on Earth) new film "Coffee and 
Cigarettes" and Daryl Hannah'sdi-
rec(orial debut, "The Last Supper." 

This will also be the first ye~r in 
which the audience will have a 
chance to vote for the film it thinks 
is the best itt the end of the season. 
The winning film will receive a 

See FEST, page H2 

+B yeA Q E 

CcJIIr1ny 01 Grlmtrcy Plctur .. 
JuI.U. ...... Is Gary Oldman'. 011 ....... lover In ROIMO ,. .,...".. 

U DEL L, ~TAff WRITER+ 



HIATUS 2 The VCSD Guardian 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test Results) 
ABORnON TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OUV~"I{WAW~ALE 
InlUnII"ICe, Health Plens 

MedI-CaI Acc:8Pted 
VIA. Malter Card. 0i1COllfi 

LA MESA 
8881 Fletcher Pkwy 

(619) 698-6601 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La Alameda 

(714) 364-6800 

NEWPORT BEACH 
4501 Birch SI 
(714) 851-1201 

tiflj7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES EDICAL GROUP 

FEST: Guest 
appearances planned 
ContInued ........ H1 
"patron's award." 

Another addition to the festival 
will be the increased number of 
guest appearances. Director 
Michael Aptcd appeared at last 
night's opening of Blink, and Hilary 
Henkin, a popular new figure in 
Hollywood who wrote and pro-
duced Romeo is Bleeding (Feb. 1), 
will attend the screening and dis· 
cuss her film. Romeo is a dark 
comedy which stars Gary Oldman, 
Lena Olin and Juliette Lewis. Fes-
tival organizers are still finalizing 
other appearances. 

The success ofttiis event during 
the past eight years has made these 
changes possible and has made the 
International Style Film Festival 
one of UCSD's most prestigious 
cultural events. Every film shown 
this year is a San Diego premiere, 
and 14 are American premieres. 

Each year since its inception, 
the festival's ¢rowd has grown and 
diversified. Ruth Baily, coordina-
tor of the festival, explained that 
the initial objective of the series 
has shifted from presenting !ie(:. 
ond-run foreign films to offering a 
selection of San Diego premieres 
which are considered to represent 
"the best from their country." 

Baily said that the two main 

~ay,JaDuary13,l993 

criteria in the film selection pro-
c:eu are to show the most interest-
ing film available and to present 
work "representative of some type 
of personal vision on the part of the 
filmmaker." However, she admits 
that ahe will discriminate against a 
film "on the basis of it being highly 
manipulative or too slick," two 
qualities which often contaminate 
films that are widely released to-
day. 

This year's films deal with dra-
matic, comedic and romantic plots 
such as political controversy, com-
ing of age, amorous relationships, 
death and AIDS. While all of these 
films possess a common focus, the 
issues are simultaneously explored 
through varied cultural perspec-
tives. If these different approaches 
to filmmaking live up to the suc-
cess of past years, they will intro-
duce us to enlightening stories full 
of originality and intrigue. 

Blue, with Juliette Binoche 
(Damage and The Unbearable 
Lightness of Being), will be shown 
at 8 p.m. tonight in UCSD's 
Mandeville Auditorium. All other 
screenings through May 31 will be 
shown at the same time and in the 
same location but on varying days 
of the week. Festival passes cost 
$25 for students, while single tick-
ets are $4. For more information, 
call the UCSD Box Office at 534-
6467. 

---------------, 

2 Tans Sl 
ONE FOR YOU, •• ONE FOR A filENO! 
30 Tan Day. $29" 

6" in Two Hours-
........... With our EUIOPIAN loOy Ww SWt48 

lot. 01 loa" 6' 0< )'Oil do.', poy, No .... cl .. Of dIOll ••. V ...... y ,td ... colt"'ito ood ",old! ....... 
""II. , IAN LA JOlLA 'PlClfK 11A0I '''Pl. lOllA '1I/S5IOI YAllff 

IOlDEN ~llN'U 4SS~9S2 58 '·9060 224.9727 S42~391 325 I I1oItcloy Ct. ac,o~ from f ir. ,;..., dioon only. '1"""HIt 1oattIoo. "Iody _1ooaItoo •. flnl_ 01 ~ 
El Tonto ....... 12'1,9'1. Nodoilyfoo •. o.Iyo .-d_roquIrod . ...,.w.-- """. 455-0909 U9.9'I.S-.ilt CWfow. S-_ClpFly. L ____________________ ~ 

M U I R Residential Life 
House Advisor Positions 
_004-05 

Applications available at the Muir Residential Life Office 
through Wednesday. January 19. with job referral 
#901256 from Student Employment. 

Optional Candidates Meetinl on Wednesday, 
January 12 (7 pm), or Thursday, January 20 (9 pm). 
in the Half Dome Lounge. 

Application deadline: 4:30 pm. Friday, January 21 . 

Call 5)4·4200 for additional information. 

I 2b~ LUNCH&i 
I R-L.DINNER I I (With pwdwc of one appetizer U50.) l..csscr enute free. I 
I Tn our large portions of chickm, filet mip,on or &esh catch of the ~y I aft charbroiled on a IkCftr and scrftd With basmati rice. Also chOOlC I &om our famous .cgctarian dishes or one of our authentic 1tC'A"S. I 
I ~O:~~ud0:7 .r gAT~J. LUNCH I -rg 1l :30am·3pr.I 
I Otkrnpirn Si.95 ·$7.9; I 1/31/94 . • DINNER 
I 3pm-lO~ I 

So ';: ~:.:=- mawr:matn SI.SO·Sb.9S I ~ 639 Pearl St. • La Jolla • 459-4016 I 
t.' _ ... ""~ ..... .-. ... - .---. -.._.-.... ; .. 

... , ... . 

Thunday, January 13, 1993 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

TillS WEEK 

todaJ 
Christian Slater and Patricia 
Arquette star in Tony Scott's T",. 
Romance. The film shows at 6, 9 
and 11 :30 p.m. in the Price Center 
Theatre. Advance tickets are $1, 
$2 at the door. Info: 534-6467. 

Gultari.t Peter Sprape and 
bassist Bob Magnusson will play 
jazz at the Athenaeum in down-
town La 1011a at 7:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $12. Info: 454-5872. 

The Neville Brothenwill per-
form a Mardi Gras-style concert at 
the Marriott Marina Ballroom at 8 
p.m. Advance tickets are $21.50, 
$25 day of the show. Info: 570-
1222. 

1N8CS, McCaleb & Dancers 
will celebrate its 20th anniversary 
with a dance performance at the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre at 8 p.m. 
Info: 296-9523. 

The International Style Film F~sti­
val will feature the French film 
...... starriag Juliette Binoche, in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $4, or a 
student pass for all films can be 

AND 
purchased for $25. Info: 534-6467. 

friday 
Carolyn Duff, the author of When 
Women Work Together, will dis-
cuss and sign her book at the Barnes 
and Noble Bookstore in Del Mar. 
Info: 481-4038. 

Guest conductor Thomas Wilkins 
will lead the San DI880 Sym-
phony, ~Ioists and the Martin 
Luther King Community Choir at 
8 p:m. in CQpley Symphony Hall. 
Tickets range from S15 to S25. 
Special guest soloist is saxophon-
ist Hollis Gentry. Info: 699-4200. 

Natnha'. Ghost, U ..... Sus-
pect and Color Circle will per-
form at Porter's Pub from 5 to 8 
p.m. to celebrate the one-year an-
niversary of the pub's re-opening. 
Admission for students is free. Info: 
534-6467. 

Pianist Michael B ... :on will play 
selections from his new album 
MoUlllllilts in Erickson Hall from 7 
to 9:30 p.m. A $3 donation is re-
quested. Info: 622:9244. 

UCSD faculty member Jerome 
Rothenbeq will read from and 
sign The Lorctl Variations at the 
UCSD Bookstore at noon. Info: 
534-7323. 

saturday 
Agent Orange plays with In-
sect Surf .... at Dream Street in 
Pacific Beach at 9 p.m. Tickets are 
$8 in advance, $10 at the door. 
Info: 222-8131. 

monday 
The Gospel Choir will perform 
a Martin Luther King Concert un-
der the direction of Ken Anderson 
in Mandeville Auditorium. A do-
nation is requested. Info: 534-6467. 

tuesday 
Cal-Animagewill screen M./son 
Ikkoku #35, Moldirer II 1, 
tepad of the GlUtIc He-
roes #1 and Gene_ Surrf. 
vorClUrth 11 at7p.m. in York 
2722, Admission is free. Info: 587-
4890. 

The Mexican hit film Lllte W. 
fer for ChocoIIrfe, which takes 
eating to a sensuous new level, 
shows in the Price Center Theatre 
at 8 and 10:30 p.m. Tickets are $1 
in advance, $2 at the door. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show the Mexican film 
8e.'nnln6 .nd End in 

Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $4, or a 
student pass for all films can be 
purchased for $25 . Info: 534-6467. 

Peter Iron • . the author of the 
controversial publication of34 Su-
preme Court cases, will speak at 
the UCSD Bookstore at noon. Info: 
.534-7323. 

THEATRE 
The Poway ee"ter for the 
Performing Arts: The world 
premiere of Steven Suskin "s 
"Sweet, Smart, Rodgers and Hart" 

preview~ tonight and will run 
through Jan. 23. Performances are 
at 8 p.m. Thursday through Satu r-
day, with matinees Saturday and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $24 to $28. Info: 1-800-883-
PLAY. 

San Diego Junior Theatre: 
"My One and Only," a love story 
which features the music of George 
Gershwin, is a spoof on Holly-
wood musicals. The production 
opens Friday and continues through 
Jan. 23. Performances are Friday at 
7 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday at 
2 p.m. at the Casa del Prado The-
atre in Balboa Park. Tickets range 
from $5 to $7. Info: 239-8355. 

s... 0..0 Repertory: Jon 
Robbin Baitz's "Three Hotels" 
traces the rise and fall of a busi-
nessman. It begins previews to-
morrow and runs through Feb. 12 
in the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. Info: 235-8025. 

GALUHI[S 
Mandavlle Gallery: "Mag-
dalena Abakanowicz: Recent 
Work" opens Jan. 15 and will be 
on display through Fe b. 27. 
Abakanowicz is an Eastern Euro-
pean artist who has done outdoor 
sculpture for a number of sites. 
The artist, who was born in Poland 
in 1930, will lecture at 2 p.m. on 
Jan. 15. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday noon to 5 p.m. 
Admission is free . Info: 534-2864. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "The Hoerengracht," an ex-
hibit by Edward and Nancy Reddin 
Kienholz about Amsterdam's red-
light district, will be on display 
through Jan. 20. Gallery hours are 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through 
Sunday. Info: 234-1001 . 

Porter Randall Gallery: Oliver 
Jackson 's paintings and sculptures 
will be on display through Feb. 28. 
Jackson is one of the Bay Area 's 
most accomplished abstract paint-
ers. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m., noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. Ad-
mission is free . Info: 551-8884. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: "Message From the Heart: 
Photographs by Walter Ros-
enblum"will be on display through 
Jan. 16. Rosenblum has been tak-
ing politically charged photos for 
five decades. Gallery hours are 10 
a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through 
Sunday. Admission is $3. Info: 
239-5262. 

~,,21ai;;;na{Coll:nci£ for tlie q"ratfitionaf Jilrts presents 

Absolutely! 
The LSAT is proven to be a highly coachable 
test. KAPLAN can prepare you for the LSAT 

better than anyone. 

KAPLAN 
The en ... r to the _81 queetlon. 

277-6744 

" ...... ~ 

"" L 
·I~;:::l'j:,··:\, .9f. 'JW,tiona£ r{our of r{raditi()1taf 

tBanjo Styfes 

fe~turlns 
SELESHE D-"MEsSAE. Ethloplen Kr .... 

RALPH STANLEY, Blu~grllSS 
SEAMUS EGAN, Iris h T~nOl" 

W ILL KEYS. Old-Time T""o Finger 
CARROLL BUT, Melodic "Fiddle' Style 

KIRK SUTPHIN, ClawherTYTl<:r 

January 27 • Thursday • Spm 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $16 • Students $12 • Sr.CIt. $14 
UCSO Box otrIcc • 534-6467 . 

1t --"" UCSDUHMalY EIIDITSOma 



HIATUS 4 

150/0 Student 
--------

-SMALL-
: with Topping : 

: 99C.:.~: 
I _ D requi'od. No< \IeIod willi Illy _ 011 .. , _ 
L er. pr poroon. E>poreo 1/ 31 / 94. .J 
--------

The UCSD Guardian 

Research 
Technicians 
We seck iIldividuab with lab CO\U5e work, BS degree and/or experi· 
ence in the following areas: Molecular Biolo8Y, InunWlOIogy and/ 
or Biochemistry, Wilh emphasis in one or more 01 the followin8 
techniques: 

• DNA cloning/sequencing • PeR 
• Cell/tissue: culture • Gel electrophoresis 
• HPLC • Plasmid/protein purification 

Experience in VAX/VMS, Fortr.In and C prefetTed. 

To Iem"rI more abo", TSRI alUl ertIJ1Ioymat opportu,dlla, 
pIeaM seeMS 0" UI",pus n."rsday, Ja"uary 20 at the 3"" 
,4''' .. 4111 Mrdlt-cuIItnYIIJob Fair. 
An o ulSt:Ulding health plan with Ilexible options, an on-site child 
care facility, and a chalknging and rew:uding envirofUJ)(:nI in 
which to develop your skills arc: among TSRJ's comprehensive ben· 
efi rs. If you 're unable to meet with m on campm, please send your 
reslU11(: to: The ScrIpps Research In5titute, Ref. USG/OI13/RT, 
10666 N. Toney Pines Road, TPC-ll, IJt)oUa, CA 9lO37. We 
v:tJuc: and support diversity in our wortfol'(X/AA/EOE. 

~ THE SCRIPPS RESEARCH INSTITUTE 

$iiS* 
London $liS· 
Ncw Orleans $135* 
Mexico City $ 66* 
San Francisco $ 49* 

• All fates are eiKh Wf1Y ~ed on a fOUndtllP 
purchDSe, Taxts not Included SorM restrlc-
tlOOS _~. Siudent st.lus IM'f b< requIred, 
.................. ."." 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

0,.. .... T .... n.n.. Fri. t-5 W .... ' .. 5 

Thunday, January 13,1993 

FI LM 

The War Room 
Documentary slwws 

intensity of Clinton campaign 
Staff Writer 

If you followed the 1992Presi-
dential campaign at aU, the docu-
mentaryfilmTMWarRoomwon't 
tell you much you don't already 
know about the Democrats' strat-
egy or offer any shocking revela-
tions. But if you ' re interested in 
seeing an intense account of what 
goes into running a modern presi-
dential campaign, yoi may be in 
for a treat. 

D.A. Pennebaker 's and Chris 
Hegedus ' film about the group that 
managed the Clinton presidential 
campaign documents behind-the-
scenes maneuvers from the party 
primaries all the way to the fren-
zied night of victory. Most of the 
movie's action takes place in 
Clinton's grungy campaign head-
quarters in Little Rock, Ark., 
dubbed the "War Room." 

Almost everything you would 
expect is faithfully shown - the 
campaign's "spin-doctors" trying 
to get their version of events to the 
press, the earnest squabbling over 
details as mundane as what color 
the signs at the Democratic Con-
vention should be and the fervent 
scrambling to counter the 
opposition's attacks. 

CRASH -ES- CUf.H.1IES 

0-"11 bi ........... _.-r 

--.... _---
--.. ~-..,.. 

'' ' '-' 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
THE INDIANS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
MAE 11'100RE 

M~ 
_ , ..c...:W LOft 

.... "'-

But what makes this documen-
tary so absorbing are the person-
alities driving the campaign -
more specifically, that of the iras-
cible James Carville, Clinton's 
campaign manager. For amid all 
the shuffling of eager young staff-
ers and the surrounding chaos 
stands Carville, who is unambigu-
ously the star of the film. 

CaTV iIle expresses himself with 
his own distinctive brand of South-
ern charm. Take his comments on 
Ross Perot's candidacy and the 
millions he spent on it: "this has 
gotta be the most expensive act of 
masturbation in world history." 

It is a testament to the experi-
ence and ability of documentary 
filmmakers Pennebaker and 
Hegedus that their subjects seem 
oblivious to the camera, which 
captures so many remarkable mo-
ments of candor . . 

Just watching Carville in ac-
tion, in the performance of the 
year, is worth the price of admis-
sion. 

The War Room will open to-
morrow at the Ken Cinema in 
Kensington and will show through 
Jan. 20. Tickets are $6.50. For 
showtimes and directions, call 283-
5909. 

. -1..-

II 
11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

TOM WAITS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
BJORK 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11_99 CD 7.99 CS 
U"":; OPEN gAM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAYI "L~~: 

Thunday, January 13,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

• 

, H 

[:'-uional and 
atrno .......... 

SHIm ARE: 
Mon.·Thurs. 6-9 pm • Sat 1"2-3 pm • Sun. 11-2 ancl2:30-5:30 pm 

Call 535-1433 for more info 
or visit 711 Universily Center, 2nd Roar, 

(obcwe 0uIb0ck AdYantures, behind !he new Visual Arts Building, 
next 10 Fiflh College) 10 ~. out an appIicaIion! 

ApriiMCAT 
Training Starts 

Now! 
KAPLAN1S 5 G()()cl. 

RCaS()llS Wily! 
At Kaplan, you don't have to wait for our fll'st 

class to get a head start on the MCAT. 
Our learning extras help raise your score as soon as you enroU: 

o Kaplan's MeAT DI..,.oetIc TMt proflles your scoring 
strengths and weaknesses, so you can set your training goals. 

49 KaJ:"'s "-....,,..... mean you can take it with you. 
In ed, illustrated and reader-friendly - over 1400 pages of 
science review. 

• 
o 

Kaplan's ......... VI ..... makes science brush-ups easy 
and engaging. 

Kaplan's fI ... ", ...... , AudioNideo Learning Lab gives 
you access to the world's largest coUectlon of MCAT practice 
materials. 

fit Kaplan ...... provide expen individual instruction until you 
get it right. . 

All this before even begin our class sesslonsl 
to start? Call 
~ .. 

KAPLAN 
..... _ ............ n. 

-. 

It's been a great visit. 
Ie think we'll stay. 

In fact, we're sure of it. As UCSO's newest fraternity, Alpha Tau Omega is 
ready to offer a great opportunity to those men who want to experience life-
long friendships, take advantage of a world-wide network of ATO brothers 
and develop as leaders. 

If you haven't stopped by to check us out, tonight would be a good time. It's 
the last night we'll have a national representative on campus ready to 
answer any of your questions about ATO. We know we enhance college 
lije and strengthen our members for their professions. Now, it's up to you. 

More information: 
07 PM, lonlght,Jlnulry 13, TheGraen Room (lcrOIS from the Ballroom), 
PrIce Student Center. 
-Every day at the AlO Information t.bIe in Price Center 
oCaII1-800-798-9ATO 

LlI _ SO 
I l < ) ( ) K ---; , < ) J 11 PETER - -~T=4 

May 
It 

Please 
the 

Court 

UCSD faculty member Peter Irons 
will speak: and hold a question & 
answer session regarding his 
controyersial release of tapes and 
transcripts from thirty-five historic 
Supreme Court cases . 

Six 9O-Minute Cassettes, including 
a narration by Peter Irons identifying 
the speakers and putting the 
arguments in context. 

A Hardcover Book with 
background to each case, transcripts 
of the arguments, and excerpts from 
the opinions_ 

Tu •• d~y,January18 
Noon 

UCSD Bookstor. Foyer 

Published by TIle New Press in conjunction with the Earl 
Warren Bill of Rights project of the University of 
California. and the Northwest Public Affairs Network . 

7 



I., 

8 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\O( \~ I:'IF\I~ 
......... CIaaa~ $ .......... CaIIga 
RaIIdant AdvIIor'I w..dtar IIIM-I6I PIc*. 
up....".. .. c... SaNIcaa \oIOII1OO12l51). 
AppIcIIIIor. due 1/1 ..... NOON. ~ IbrNlliol. 
.-on TuaacMy. 1/11 it ~ Canyon 
Lodge.lIPM. (113-1/11) 

..... fo- AdviIor Appa Av ..... ~ 
1I012l5I. Optional Into Meeting: 1/12 or 1120. 
Into 534-<4200, (113-1/13) 

AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE ill looking lor 
'tIOIunIMrs. Come In today n:1 lind out how 
you c.n help ue. No expartanca ~. 
PC 2308. 534-48811, (1/10-1/13) 

GIl InvoIvad at Muir! fo- Advieor Appe 
Availabletlirough 1/111, Cal 534-<4200, RafIIrrIiI 
19012l5I, (1~1/13) 

AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE I. now open. 
Summ., Internship' In S.n Fr.ncilCo. Lo. 
Ang.I ••• Bo.ton •• nd Wuhlngton ar. 
being offered, O.edll"": Jan. 28 (national) 
.nd F.b, 4 (CA), Apply tod.y. PC 2306. 
534·4889, (1 /10·1/13) 

advertise~ make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession·busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
Cartoon Lagoon ........... ~7·9798 
FaIrmalr's ..................... 222-0220 
La SandaJe ................... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS • DRINKS 
s.rs PIzza .................... 455-0662 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSO 
Greek Cuisine ............... 558-7771 
Hell's Kitchen .. .. .... ....... 274·8084 
Just Bean Counters , .... 587·1228 
Khatoon Persian CuisIna .. 459-401S 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt , 452-0524 
Mllagro Bean Co .......... 450-2128 
Ylldmono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ." ... "" ... 695-1990 
Robert·s ."""""." .. """" 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech , .. " 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash ,587·4844 
Miramar Car Wash ,,, .. ,, 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Young Altitudes ..... " .... 457·3334 
Skin ear, by Lorraine " 457-2100 
We Care Hair "." ... n ... " 587·CUn 

UCSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclary ." .. ........ 277·8255 
Being Fn .""." .. . " .... " .... 483·9294 
Birthrlght. .... , .. . ,. ,,(800)484·LOVE 
F amity Planning " ... " .. " 535-1379 
Hema Care .. " ... " .... " .. .. 226·1733 
Tan 4 Less ....... "" .. "" .. 455·0909· 
Tan Diego ... " ... " .... " .... ~9·0189 
Dr. Sanford. DDS .. " ..... 558·3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry " 622·1007 
UC Cyclery .. " .... " ... " .... 452·8842 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye .. "" .. " ..... 452·7374 
Eyes on La Jolla "." " ... 597·2020 
Dr. Satby. 0 ,0 ... " .. ...... . 578-6796 
San Diego Optometry .. 571 ·2081 
UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
CD Sounds ............. " .... 578·3472 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Courd Travel .............. 452·0630 
UCSDCOPIES 
Cai Copy " .................... 452·9949 
Klnko's ......... " ... " .... " ... 457-3775 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1000 
Stanley Kaplan .. " ........ ' 277-6744 
MCAT Review .... " .. . " ... 458·5656 
UCSDNIGHTS 
5 W. Nightclub .. " ........ 736-1889 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456-BREW 
P. B, Brewhou .. " ........ 274·ALES 

UCSD ETC. 
St. GermaIn', .......... .. ... 455-1414 
Nectar Surf & Span ........ 753-6068 
COImederm .............. ..... 550-7070 
Uptown ProcIuc:ticn ....... 558-2805 

The UCSD Guardian 

• CLASSIFIEDS 
Clilssifted advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls. '!he rale per 15lronU is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculJy and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and3 p_m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSD Guardian,Attn: CIassijieds, .9500GilmonDrive, 
0316, LaIo/fa, CA 92093~316.Actualaddress: StudentCen/erA, topfloor. 

AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE " now open. If 
InttI.atad In an IntemIhIp tor eprtng quarter. 
pick up an application today, 0NdIIna: Jan, 
28111. PC 23011. 534-48l1lI. (1/10-1/13) 

The ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
wi! be accepIng appb\IonI tor local SprIng 
1994 and Summar 11114 WuhIngIon. O.C, 
and oIhar out·of·town Intamahlpa beginning 
January 10 hough February 11. Students 
who willi to develop IhaIf own tnt.mIhIpa 
should coma to our ofIIce by February 18 10 
pick up a .p.clal Information p.ck.t. 
REMEMBER . . , IhII progrern II run on • fIret 
_1Irtt_baIII. OON'T WAIT 'TIL THE 
LAST MINUTEI "«*111 room 3255. MCond 
floor. LllerliureBuilding. 8:30-12:00and 1:00-
4:00 dally. CIoMd 2:00-4:00 aech Wednaeday. 
(1/10-1/13) 

PICK UPTltE OUAADtAH AI La c..a. (1/13) 

BEADEO JEWELRY by KRIS KREATlONS 
avllllabla II GENERAL STORE CO-OPI ,. 
handmade end dwIgned by ucso artI8tt 
Check It out ASAP, Cuatom ardara alia 
avllllabla. Call Krta. 452·3&471 (1/10-1/24) 

FIFTH COLLEGE STUDENTS. FACULTY. 
STAFF! 'M'O MORE CHANCES TO LEARN 
ASOUf A~ DISCUSS THE WOMEN BEN> 
CONSIOEAED FOR AFTH'S PERMANENT 
NAMESN<E: AmaIIJI e.twt. MalIa a.ta. HelIn 
00ugIeI, ~ GoaIw. Eleanor ~ 
TUES 1/111. 4:304:3Op.m. and Vt'ED '''11 7:00-
9:00p,m,.PEPPERCYNLOOGE.8wyoullnl 
PrIMlaIJImIe Lyon. (1110-1117) 

Help bring the WOfId Into foc:uI ... Become • 
Filth Collage 0I\anIIII0n LaadM1 Get • job 
r.'.rral from P.rt·tlm. EmplOym.nt: for 
appllcallon. bring refwral to Filth College 
Academle AdvisIng 412 Unlvenlty c.nt.r. 
Deadline: FrId8y Fallruary 4, 11114. (1/13) 

Film + CaM Club· MovIe + CofhIe IoverI meal 
today. Thursday 1/131115:30 In PC n.w. 
Lounge. 1' •• call Nle 554~737. (1/13) 

E'IPI'(n'IFYI' 
Till til watd IIxU lJCB), Bacxrna .m .... 
CcriId"..... SUIn~ixII¥, (1/1~ 

·Dn rd jIMIp. 1m4)Q111111l */I ,. 
~. Do _ coMIIIm, MId)QI1l1#ll 
-,. --... ..... /lwJ1w. MId)QI II1II/,. JwJt-.' -,..,. fd7 

ATTENTION: STUOENTWORKS PAINTING 
"now I'IIrIng branch oper_1or the aummer 
ofl4. E8In up 10 II 5.000 and gil the ~ 
axpeMtialofellMtlme. Cal 1·100-1156-7557. 
PoIItIona filing fall \IirougIiout c.tItomIa, (1/ 
10-3110) 

Earn uptoll.OOOavarytime_r..tv. 
• MIP Refund, Sand for FREE information, No 
experience Necenary, IntarMtIotMl 57 
GrMntrM DrIvw. SUIte 307, Dover. 0eIawn 
19901 . (113-2/15) 

WANTED: FIIIII CoIIaga AaaIdanI ~ 
for , ...... 1 c._ SeMoaI Job 1101258 
AppIIc:aIIons ckIa 1/1 S. (1~ 1/13) 

Become .certlladAEROlllCIllTRUCTOR. 
6-WMIc COUIM (SIOO) bagIna Feb. 12. c.I 
Dan at Ilelng-FIt 544-8332 (116-1/18) 

P.rt·tlm. TRAVEL ASSISTANT. Council 
Trav.1. UCSO Price C.nt.r , P.ld 
tr.lnlng. Apply In p.r.on, No phon. c.lI. 
pl •••• 1 (1/10·1120) 

Salw-marklllng: full or part time, $pen and 
nuIrtIIon NIaIed, EIICaIent aamIng poIentIIII. 
Cal MIIca.45S«129toraddlonai1I1b11iJlllGi. 
(1/10·3/10) 

ATTENTION: foreign IIudanIa from AuaIraIa, 
Canada. HoriQ KGng. Japan. and New Zealand. 

ElIcaIIant~oppoo1unIty In your country. 
For IIlbmiJIlon call 463-8029, AM tor MIke, 
(1/10-3110) 

PART TIME ~ houWfeMplng. ,"-In tor two 
..." ~. F_ room (fUm,) + boaRI, 
S304.00 rnontI! .-y. Malee 3 main maIIII 
wealdy. + br.akfata. MUll be r.llable. 
WuIIworIIIy. hwIthy. car.fuI. congenial, '"'* 

gradllUdantor~ •. TaI.273-6488, 
(1/1 0-1/13) 

Stud.nt I nl.rn.hlp. office of US aen.'or 
Ol.nn. F.lnll.ln. downtown San Diego, 
10· 15 h,a, per wHk, Plea. call Trleh De 
La Ro ••• t 231·9712. (1110·\113) 

Inl.rnt.d In working for • 10c.1 
.nvlronm.nt.1 firm? Bualn ... I. booming I 
W. nNd your n.lpl C.II Tony or Pete ., 
858·0556. (1/10-1/13) 

Word prooaaail .... .-.y. Good typing & 
farnIIIarIIy with PC'. requAd. FIaxIIIa houra, 
467·1106, (1/13) 

s.cr.twy - Sotana IINCII 1IIOmey. Word 
ParMd, Friday 18.0Mv, FIexIbIIi houra. Mr, 
Auarbac:tI, -"333. (1/1~1/24) 

ENGINEERS: Abund.nt job op.nlng. 
nIIIIonwIde. Call our 24 I'Ir hOIIna. 3111-351-
8257, NationeI Job Saerch. (1/1~1/18) 

GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY: S1ucIenta-.wn 
while you 1Nm. 00 you n. aIIIIng baIIInd • 
daak'I Ooyou~meaIng peopIaand..atng 
your own houri? Pwt-time .. II Itr* 10/1 tor 
adYwIIIIrig .... IOIocIiI~, ElCCaIant 
InCome poI8nIIaI and exparIIo ICe tor a\UdantI 
willi Inlar.... In Buelneu. Advertising. 
ComrnunIcaIIone. and PIAIIc AaIaIIone. Call 
ADvantIga P\dcaIIonI • (818) 280-2911 . 

(1/1~1I11) 

1"01: ~\I.E 
1l1li7 Honda EIIe. ScooW, HIghw8y legal 
15Occ. Runlgood. Tuna up-*y. S7OOobo. 
822~. (118-1"3) 

IIIIOHanIIAaacId~NwdMarne.-J 
11300.00 abo. Cal .... 4113-4m. (1,48-1113) 

~ airline 1IckII from SO 10 0IIk 0I'tf 
172,001 LMva SO 1/1411:15p.m .• return 1/17 
8:00 • . m, ..,... cal KIm • 286-3703 and 

1aIIve.~ASAP. (1/10-1/13) 

Guitar: AcouaIIc alHllIrIng. FullIIza. Partact 
concItIon S75, 586-7121, (1/1 0-1 /24) 

Sotomon SXlI FWformaIIOa aid boola. Or.-
concItIon. ~'. eIIoa aIze 1-11, Bwt ott.. 
Andrea 452-88711. (1/10-1120) 

MUST SEll •• Honda Elila Moped 5Ooc. 
1380, IhndNEWWOROPROCESSORS300. 

4~752. (1/10-1/13) 

McMng. ".. 181: TV", "FII bed · 1100 abo. 
Cal56IHIIIII8, ..... ~. (1/10-1113) 

NEAT. JUdy lola tor ..... ".00. T*a .. 4 
chaIIa, S46.oo, c.I KIm, 571-t070. (1110-1/13) 

Thur.day,Jaauary13,l994 

WIdCIIng RIng SII: 8apphlrtlOlMloncl. 
nNllWIrI atyt ••• lII8nded wurny. lMO. 
Ann 141·2712. (1/1:1) 

STAY PROTECTED ... a P-w AIIack 
AIIrm, a- '*-' ...... -we- and 
caIorI and cwry ... you ___ you go. 
Pnc. ,.. from -.00-142.00. Call Arw. 
.. 517-0611i, (1/1~2f7) 

ears.r.o: ~KEH-M7200.~ 
'-plaia. tape deck, CO contraIIer w/IIIC-diac 
d\IngIr and .. hookupa. W.,..... and 
manuaII Included, S4IIO, Cal Ban lilt 453-
7571 . (1/1~I/ll) 

Gr.y '15 NI ... n 200SX. 11.100 OlIo. Call 
452·1411. (",3·,131) 

14M8X25 w/modItaI. ext. modem, 170 meg + 
- 40""" Hard drMI. MS Word 8.0. 4meg 

RAM.1oItdecI ~ BrIan .. 511&-7'1'46 
.,."..,11300.00 olio. (111~112O) 

m.ncH 18· 1~ r.:Ing bIcyda. aa.. .... 
__ gNaI. '140 olio. 5Ii8-8OS3, (1I1~ 1127) 

0fI.whIIe oouctI wtIh lola 01 OWl liD pIIIowal 
''50li0. Cal S*la1l625-0717, (1/1~II2O) 

2'OSX wh_l. for •• 1.1 Four original 
wh •• I. for only 1100 obo, S.I.n.825· 
0717 . (1/13·1120) 

1l1li7 JMpQlerokee. ps. PB. ra. aAomaIIc. 
tIrad wIndow8. axcaIIent condition. ".300 
abo. ~1255. (1/13-t/27) 

llH111 VW BUS. red. IS.OOOml on relluln. 
Been vary loved, $1500 abo. Ev .. , 755· 
4261, (1113·1/11) 

Plan. Ticket. Rllum trip form SO·Oakland. 
L •• v. SO 1/13 or 1/1'. r.'urn from 
Oakland· SO 1/17, 172, Contact M8111 at 
755·1351, (1113) 

R_ .... wanted IIRmedIetaIy. S300f 
rnonIh lJntv.r.ny CIty Houee. Own Room. 114 
utIIItIaI. Call JII .. 55I-a38. 0uIaI, FrtandIy 
anvIronmant. (113-1113) 

Untv..lly CIty tall, I or 2 Femalel ~ 
tor 0M'i room(.) In ra 4 bedroom howe, 
Pallo. "'-, callie lV. WMMrIdryer, 12 
m1nu18110 UCSO. No~. no paIa. no 
drug.. Call Mark 534-2381 or 534· 
3363(meaaage). (1/10-1113) 

WlNDANSEA room tar rMl s-IdI from 
beach. BIg tn... big yard. Eaay buI_ 
to UC$O, SIngle S4OO ..... S3OO. c.I P-oer 
numbar521-4573. (1/3-1111) 

FumIIIIad condo Flegal'" Rd, 2 bdl .• 1 beIh. 
balcony. 1185, (810)411·1\88 or (714)778-
0640. (1/3-1/13) 

LA JOLLA. Single Iav.1 modern home 41 
BORMS. 3/BATH. LR. OR. "R. UlIOOIrno. 
Including garden.r. no peta. non·amok.r • . 
TEL: 415·328·5851 , FAX 415·326-3512. 
(118·1/11) 

...... ballroom wI baIII In bwutIIuI apt 
OIaIIMIIIw.IJJnIry ......... SacIft.~T 
ROOMMAlB Elane46H111S. (118-1131) 

Th~ay.January13.1994 

FamIIe_III*-WMladIO .... :I'**-' 
condo In UTe ... 134CIImD . • '13 uIII. Own 
___ /dttye#. Non-amoIdng. Prer.r qaa.t. 
frtIndIy ..... , CallEllZlllllllVAndrew ..... 
01121 . ('''''/11) 

Room for rwnt: ~ ...... dryer. 
quMoI ~. a-IIIfuI view 01 bay, 
S375imon1h + dapoaII + ~, M/F, Alan. 
BrIan or~, 273-«S11 . (116-1/13) 

M/F. ShaN WI",*-~ wIIh clean. 
non·.moIdng famaJa vegetarian In .m.1I 
frIancIy COmpIex.baIcony wtocean vtew. *PI 
to beach. MW c:erpII. IIIw 1Iocn. barbeque • 

aurtar'.~. MuIt_· S4II5,OO + UllIItIaa, 
(1/10-"'8) 

RocIrnrMIe wanlad ASAP. Malter bedIba\II 
S342,5OImonth. Mire ..... condo. Famalal 
only, CallAll-II727, (1/10-1/13) 

PACIFIC BEACH. 2bedl2b.tII condo. High 
calling •• Mcurlty. pool. ap •• t.nnls. gym. 
periling. bllll.rd • . Share with r •• ponalbl. 
".cher/llud.nl (m.Ie). Non·.mok.r, 1425 
+ 1475 d.poelt.nd 112 utilitle • . 272· 2401 , 
(1/10.1/18) 

Room tor ,.." In UnIv. CIty r-. 10 mInutte 
from UCSO. 1210,00 + 116 utIIIIIII. Quill. hal 
-'* and dryer. For 2 rnaIe/IemaIe, Call 
625-0328. Fort, LIla, StuarI, or Ralph, Ava!1abIe 
Nowf'(I/lo..l/20) 

3 BA/2 SA condo. cIoN to UCSO. 1IViI. now. 
clean. low ,..". Call Ruben @ 451-5880 (0). 
874-111&4 (N), (1/1\H/20) 

Huge room to lII.r.. 5 mlnut. w.lk to 
camp ... 1270/mo, + 1/3 utliitlaa. Call 455-
11670, (11111-1 (13) 

LIVE·IN. part-tlrna.1Ight heM I8akaepIng for 2., 
cItIz_. Free room (furnilhad) + board. 
$304,00 month 1IIIwy, Buy food. cook 3 main 
maIIII per WMk. ~ ,.. be reliable. 
truIIworthy. heaIIhy. carwfuI. congenial, PrMer 

gradl\Udentor~. Tal2~546I, 
(1/10-1113) , 

FURNISHED MASTER BEDROOM available 
now, S5OOimo . • 1/2 utIItIaI. Female non-
arnok8r. Cal 868-0475, (1/10-1/13) 

UTe. 2 bed .• 1.5 be. condo. Garage. balcony. 
pool, Near bueIIIw. aIioA*ig. S745/mO. Call 
XIng 546-0888. (1/10-1120) 

Furnilhad condo-Regenla Rd. 2 bdrJlba. . 
balcony, .75.00, (8111) 4111-11l1li or (714) 
77Il-0540, (1/10-1/2n 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME·UCSO Stall n:1 
SIudent DISCOUNTS. GrMI1IrwIcIng , He. 
UCSO. I .2In1120.000'8+ &3brIII SO.ooo., 
CondoatokDcuryhomw-MMng laJoIe, Un\v, 
City. Mlr. M .... Del M.r. P.clflc Bell . 
CIaIramonL NMCUoSELl, _whIiI11 YEARS 
EXPERIENCE can dol REtMax AIIoc. Judllh 
Haddox. Realtor. 1111-275-2611, (1/1~2/3) 

La JoIa Int'I Garden, Maller Badroomlown 
baIh '" 8.88 • dapoaII + 112 utility. Near UTe 
+ UCSO. Gable lV, Preferred 1\UderII. non-
arnok8r. M/F. Contact RobertISuNn. 467· 
3037, (111~1/20) 

P.cIfIC B •• ch I.rg. ma.t.r b.drooml 
prlv.t. bath .nd b.lcony, 1475/elngl. 
$237.50/doubl., Hug. backy.rd. Rach.1 
270·5427. ('" 3·1/27) 

2 Bedroom condo. 1,25 baIII. La Joli. 
Colony. sesO. view. wah.r/dry.r. 591 · 
4111. (1/13·1/20) 

MESA APTS. Cantrat upataIra. I bedroom 
avaIIaIIIa. paI1IaIy IurnWIed apt. with par\dng. 
laundry. blk~ to UCSD. Non·"",okIng 
f.male/mal. , Qul.t. frl.ndly roomm.t., 
Avallabla Jan. 28. 1l1li4. S2II2/month. KafTI 
467·1331. (1/13) 

2 RlOIN ...... ..,.. only. 10 rr*Uw 10 
UCSI), .. 1nCUIaI ..... 271-4462. (1/13) 

"IWi'vttt.: PrivIiiIa Room/BaIh for rent In 2 
bedroom aper1rnent, 3 mI ... from UCSD. 
beIind UTe. FumIIIIad I111811rnMwIII--./ 
dryer. pool. giJlMparIdng. "'-**'. Non-
emokar, S3eO + dajIoaII and 113 ..... Cal 
462 ...... (1f1~I/3I) 

A~ -*d. 011 Mar. I 
block 10 beach. Huge condo. S4IO own room. 
113 ...... MOO an.. fumIahed, No paIIa/ 
amokIng, no fooIe. 2705 CamIno DII Mar. Ian 
or an 7ft-81 sa. (111~1/2O) 

SaWlRIndI HOMElOSHME4br.2.5~ 
.. ~~IIft'¥_"""'" 
,..S400per mo. ..... (111~IAQ 

LA JOLI.AIUTC. RaapoI ..... famaIa non-
amoker ..... 2 _ . 2 ~ belli In ~ 
IIdIm oondo.134CI/ftto. • 1/3 l1li •• dIp."'. 
OIIIId-.nlly .... """ .• .....,-,.. 
more, AIIeon4ll5-Clllll3lftatepm, (111~1118) 

Walk 10 UCSD from .... '-- In La 
Joll.. Floommet. wanted for M .. ,., 
a.-w/prlv ... BaItI + .--. Non-
emokar. female"...".... 1471.00 + 111 
utII . .. _ Of 488-7111. (1/13-1118) 
Aoan ........ _~_.u. 
.......... ~ ... 1110+ 1/3'-"'; 
T_ 4Ito37II or 41+4010, (1113-1/31) 

....... ...... ,. wr.r.d: .... ..... 

..... _ -. .... MIIO. + , .. ...... 
On ........... ......,. ... ,... 011 
....., •• '0""'."", CIIe.nIe 
71I-01OI. (1".111" 

Room lor R.n,: Own room In I.rg.hom. 
n •• r UCSO, Fuml.h.d. pool . pet. OK. 
1340 • 1/5 u,lI. C.II H.rv.y or Ollv.r , 
453·31114. (1/1:1-1/24) 

ROOMMATE NEEOEOI S3581mo + 1/3 
utll for 2 ,'ory townhou •• n •• r UTC .nd 
UCSO, C.II Imm.dl.,.ly to meat your 
h.ppy roomm.t •• 1 Amy or Jol •. 122· 
1177 or 551-0oa3 , (1/t3·1/1II) 

UNIVERSITY CITY. UTC AREA, large 2-IlOry 
houae 4AIdrmI. 2.1!JBA. LA. FR. DR.~. 
garage. 11175 IncIudae gardener, Cal58&-
2100. prol. prwIarrad. (1/13-1/20) 

W.nt.d : MIF non· .mok,r to sn.r. 
Hltler,1I .pt. Own room . 1285 + 1/ 3 
utilltl •• , 1150 security d.po.lt . 
Ol.hw •• h.r. on·.It. laundry. 15 min 
w.lk Irom UCSO M.dlcel C.nt.r .huHI., 
No p.lI, J.p.n •••• nd Engll.h .pok.n . 
Av.lI.bl. F.b, 1 , Call 298·3851 or m.1t 
mlnk@tcp,com. (1/13·1/20) 

~EH' ICE~ 
OISSERTATION/THESIS HELP . 
Editing . organization . proofre.dlng. 
.t.tI.tlc • . 20yr • . exp.,lanca , Call 24 
hour. : 285· 7231 (11/21-1/13) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only aIi,as, While 
you walt. X.ro ••• end mar., Near SI. 
GermaInI, 452-9149. (10125-e12) 

La Jolla BarlHtrahop, Quailly Barbarlng. 
I-IaIn:uII sa.OO. 4511-57112, (113-3110) 

PlotWalOlla! word 110-"",. '- prIrnr. 
r.gulllr & micro c:aawM ~, So. 
CIaIrernont 00riII278-8738. (113-1111) 

It's your brain. 
Incredibly malleable. 
Infinitely versatile. 
Awesomely inventive. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Payl:llcllher1lPV ...,....,.. tor NIIng dIeonIer8: 
BuIImIII. CompuIIiYIIy. SeI1.&IMm proIIIema. 
l.anMd PsydIoIogiII Diene w.- PII ,O, 
(111)431-«573 , (1/3-1/1:1) 

LOll I.' wlthoul Ol.tlng." Doctor 
.upervlHd Tu •• d.y .v.nlng lactur.. or 
call 452·2882, (1/3·4/1) 

VIoIInMoIa LMeonI. You or your chiId(ren) 
can INm from an axpeMt ICed. prolaulonal 
tNchar. Now .ccepting IIudanIa • all agea 
and ..,. wak:ornal c.I Conrad 466-0525. 
(1/10-3110) 

Word proceuIng of any Idnd. large or smaI. 
Quk:Ic rIIum. profellional quality, Cal Janel 
01' Ca'oI, 276-7312. (1/to-3110) 

~ apeaker tutors In French. G,wnmar. 
~. help 'With ~, Reasonable 
rill • . Tale: 291·7617, (1/10-1/18) 

THAFFlCCITATlONCUNIC. Have"AIIOmey 
light your trafllc ticket or drunk driving cliarge 
100-313-7027, (1/10-1/27) 

Word Proc .. slnglTyplng: Ac.demlc 
~. paparI. tt..I. bookI. letters. 
appibdIoo • . Accurata/Fataarvica, Mwy Ann 
452-114311, (1/10-3110) 

WORD PROCESSING. r.uonable r.t ... 
ralllibla. lui. ruaIi jolla ok. a-...t163. 
carolina 571-(1047. (1/13,2/7) 

" \'\TEI) 
WANTED: Orummerforrockbencl.CalOoriIIn 
450-0lI08 or "-~7711, (1/1 0-1113) 

GracIuIIa atudanI· mature & rwpcinIibIe. AIdI 
AN111an1IO bl-pot.dlablllcgraduela 1IUdant. 
moniIDrIng madIcIIIon. lie .. Minimal houri, In 
.xd1angatorroom&prNalabalh-full apartment 
prIYIIagaa, f'teMe call 451-1066. (t II 0-1 /20) 

Open for 

At Andersen Consulting, 
we want to keep it that way. 
So we challenge it with a stimu-
lating variety of assignments. 
Develop it with an average of over 
170 hours of advanced training per 
year. Reward it with advancement. 
And support it with the resources of 
22,000 professionals operating across 
47 countries. At Andersen Consulting, 
we always keep you in mind. 

What we look for in our people: 

EAR" EXTM MONEYI New Sldn cw. 
compeny , ..... 10 UCSO) ill lOokIng tor 
PAID PARTICIPANTS (Men n:1 W_) 10 
1liiie pM In IIdn -.ItMty ..... , e.m gr .. I 
wtIh ..... '- - up IDO S200 tor • law 
"*""-. -.l1irT-..WMIc torllnaweelca, 
Tan-mlnule walk from campuI. n-. with 
hIItory 01 IrrbIIon to carUin br.nda of anti· 
parwpir_.1UIIICIMI18 01' facial mcMIurIzers 
.. Madad, Call TODAY 10 ICIIecIuIa your 
ICNanlng appointment: 550-7070 . • xIenIion 
106, (113-1131) 

Ewn 11 00,00, ~ wentad for altUCly on 
1ICohoI·.ahcI. lfyou".J~. Clii1eM. 
or t<onoan. American·born male. call Scripps 
R_ch Instituta lor mora Information. 554· 
7240, (113·3/tO) 

WANTED: FIfth Col .... AMIdant~ 
for 1113-4141 CerMr Setvicaa Job 1901256 
Applications due 1/11, (113·1/13) 

Vision Comics , We .re a small comic book 
company. looking 10 hlra a leHarlsl. Inke,s, 
and e colorist. All int.r •• t.d partl.s should 
call K.vln at: 457·5020 or page: 960·6403, 
(116· 1113) 

CLASSIFIEDS 9 

ElmClllhorrncMitll:l.-tar-mpw,**, • 
EliQllfHplllliiQ a.o- "*' ,.... tar f'N) 
~it~. s-tara ... 46 ..... 
~ me IniIh ~ .moatl c.I c.nt.. 
-*9. 5X1.f1T78. (111~ 1/24) 

WANTED TO BUY: Northw •• t Alrlln. 
fly writ. tlck.tllr.qu.nt fly.r .werd. C.II 
5112 ·2622 . . (1/13·2/7) 

S- How many Innocent kids did you bull tIIkIng 
an Innocent drink "om an Innocent fifth of 
whlskey? ·B (1 /13) 

AMELIA EARHART. MARIE CURIE, HELEN 
DOUGlAS. NADINE GORDIMER. ELEANOR 
ROOSEVELT · which ofn.- women should 
FIlIti Collage honor by t.l<ing her name? Two 
Chancel fOl' the FIlIti CoIteoe community to 
lewn and elCj)(ess opinions about tI'Iem: TUES 
1/18 4:30·6 :30p.m. or WED 1/19 7:00· 
9:00p.m,. PEPPER CYN LODGE, Provost 
Jamie Lyon, (1 /10-1/1 n 

Hepatitis 
Have you been diagnosed with Hepatitis B or told 
you are a carrier? Have you recently had or are you 
recovering from Hepatitis A? 
If so. you could qualify to be a plasma donor. earn at 
least $90 a week and benefit medical research. 

HemaBlologics, Inc. 226-1733 

bus i ness 

• Intelligence a Determination a Ambition - Drive to Excel - Love of Learning 
a Willingness to Work Hard- Need for Variety - Desire for Challenge 
• Well-rounded Individuals • Diverse Interests 

U these are the qualities you would use to describe yourself, we think you would 
be interested in • career with Andersen Co~uJting. 
An information _ion will be held on Thuncby, January 13, 1994 from 
7~m at Price Center in the San FrancUcolSanu Cruz Room. 
This event sponIOftd. by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) . 

Ot"'_c---._C~".n EquoIOppamonIty~. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

, 



10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardiaa 

UCSD Ready To Set Sail 
RElAnA: San Diego has poor showing at Rose Bowl Intersectional, but looks 
forward to 1994 campaign with a new coach and a much-improved team 
ByOurk Le 
Guardian Reporter 

This could be one of the best 
years in UCSD sailing history. With 
the addi tion of its first full-time head 
coach, J.c. Durbin, the team has the 
opportunity for a record-breaking 
season. 

"This year's team is the most 
organized," co-captain Josh Fellman 
said. "Things are looking bright for 
the future. " 

The results of its most recent 
regatta, however, were not exactly 
made for the reco'rd books. In the 
Rose Bowl Intersectional on Jan. 8-
9, 17 schools from California, in-
cI uding Berkeley and Stanford, com-
peted in seven different races. UCSD 
sent A-Division members Ed Cham-
bers (skipper) and Eric Wilcox 

(crew). San Diego's highest finish 
during the event was 10th. 

"It wasn't a very good regatta for 
us," Fellman admitted. 

A regatta consists of six to eight 
races in one day. Each boat has one 
skipper, who navigates, and one 
crewman, who handles the large sail 
and the weight distribution of the 
boat. 

The team competed against 15 
other West Coast schools in the Pa-
cific Coast League. 

"It's a really good way to get in a 
team atmosphere without too much 
competition," co-captain Marianne 
Howkins said. "The sport requires 
time and commitment, but not too 
much. You don't have to wake up at 
6 a.m." 

UCSD owns three 15-foot sail-
(crew), and B-Division members boats, called Flying Juniors, and 
Greg Korn (skipper) and Jason Petit shares two others with San Diego 

State University. Its weekly sched-
ule consists of one practice at Mis-
sion Bay Harbor and one practice in 
the classroom to go over strategy. 

"There is definitely skill required 
in this sport," Fellman said. "At the 
same time, you can ~ t power your 
way through races. It is a thinking-
man's sport." 

While the team continues to im-
prove, it is still handicapped by its 
lack of resources. As a club sport, 
the dedicated squad has struggled, 
keeping afloat with monies raised in 
annual partial funding from the rec-
reation department. 

And though UCSD's boats are 
more than lO years old, nobody is 
complaining. A good sailor will try 
to keep any boat afloat in the rough-
est of waters. 

-Aron Miller 
contributed to this story 

I Guardian Sports - Life Should Be So Good! 

HOCKEY: 
Boy, but we stunk up 
the place good 

Continued from ..... 12 
Patrick Roy, but his drunken, near-
sighted brother, Lou. 

The rest of our team wasn't hav-
ing much luck, either. At one point, 
our center, Brian, fell to the ground 
to block an oncoming shot. Unfor-
tunately, he chose to block it with 
his, well, a part of his anatomy that 
probably shouldn't be used to stop 
high-speed projectiles. 

Play was stopped as Brian 
writhed on the ground, begging for 
death. And the angels wept. 

Another player, Pete, was hav-
ing problems of his own. Stricken 
with the flu, Pete valiantly suited up 
for our early moming game. There 
was no way he was going to let the 
team down - at least not until he 
collapsed midway through the first 
period when the pain became too 
great. Pete was carried out to the 
bathroom, where he presumably 
breathed his last. 

The rest of us should have been 
so lucky .... 

Both of these cost about $30 a month, 
.a. __ with programs you can 

u,ble TV 65 channels oj rtmItIS. JItlme sbou.~ and soap operus. 

Thunday, Jaauary 13,1994 

I lost track of the ICOre after our 
opponents cracked the double-digit 
barrier. Discouraged. I uked one of 
my teammates to try his band at 
goalie. Even more discouraging, he 
did better than I, despite having never 
played the game before. 

Clearly, we were out of our 
league, in every' sense of the word. 
We were like the Ottawa Senators, 
only the Senators are mildly more 
skilled than we are. Mildly. 

But our opponents respected us, 
at least when they weren't cracking 
their ribs rolling on the floor, laugh-
i ng at our ineptitude. There we were, 
a ragtag bunch of near-incompe-
tents vainly hoping against hope that 
we actually belonged on the same 
floor as our clearly superior oppo-
nents. 

Heck, Brian even sacrificed his 
chances of siring an heir just to stop 
a simple puck in a game that was 
long since decided. It was enough to 
bring a tear to your eye - it cer-
tainly brought tears to Brian's. 

Inspired, I shouted out to my 
teammates. "Way to go, fell as. 
We've got them on the run now." 

That's when they started club-
bing me with their sticks: 

use, 

Now, when you choose a qualifying Macintosh8 or PowerBooke 
computer, you'll not only get Apple's new, lower prices. You'll also 
get seven popular software programs included for the same low 
price. These programs will help you manage your finances, sched-
ule your time and entertain your friends (the software alone has 

a rombined SRPof $596"). And, when }OO qualify for the new Apple 
Computer Loan, the entire package shown here costs about $30t a 
month. So, for high-quality programming, turn on a Macintosh 
or PowerBook. It does more. It costs less. It's that simple .•• 

UCSD Bookstore's Special Mac Prices 
LC475 4/80 color n'lonitor & keyboard 
LC475 81160 color monitor & keyboard 

Centris 650 8/230 CD ROM color monitor & keyboad 

Quadra 800 8/230 16" color monitor & keyboard 

$1282 
$1541 
$2299 
$.3040 

(while supplies 11iSt)' 

• 

.. 

UCSD Bookstore Com.puter Department ~34-4291 

Thunda)" JUluary 13, 1994 

Ral .. and RII.taUona: 
- Send your entry on an 8 112" by 11" 

sheet of paper atong with your name, year in 
school. college you attend al UCSD, major 
and phone number to: Sports Editor, UCSD 
Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, La Jolla, 
CA 92093-0316. Or you can drop it off in tile 
Letters box in the front of the Guardian office, 
located on the second floorolthe Old Studenl 
Center. 

- The entry with the most correct an· 
swers, as determined by judges, will be de· 
clared the grand prize winner and will be 
recognized when tile quizanswers are printed 
the following week. In the event of a tie, a 
drawing will be held to determine a winner. A 
maximum of 15 correct entries not selected 
as the grand p(iz. winner will be considered 
runn.rs-up. 

- The grand prize winner will receive a 
free dinner for two at BJ's Chicago Pizzeria. 
Runners-up will rec,ive a free pitcher of 
Michtlob Draft betr, or soda, at BJ's, locatld 
in La Jotla Village Square. A H5I of all winners 
will be posted at BJ's each week and winners 
need to show identification to claim prizes. 

- UCSD students, staff and faculty ar. 
eligible to enter, except for G/JIrrJian staff 
members and .mploy", of BJ's Chicago 
Pizzeria. 

- Only one .ntry per person. No mass 
produced entries wilt be accepted. Entries 
must be at til. Guardian office by noon 
Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed witllin two 
weeks of winn.r's posting, alt.r which the 
prize is fOrfeited . 

ThIs Week's Questions: 
1. What still active NFL quarter-

back holds the highest career pass-
ing rating? 

2. What American won the 1992 
Winter Olympic gold medal in 
women's figure skating? 

3. Who won the 1993 NCAA 
Division III collegiate men's soccer 
championship? 

4. What Chicago White Sox base-
ball player retired last year after 
setting the all-time record for most 
games caught in a career? 

S. Which city was recently 
awarded the rights to the latest NFL 
expansion franchise? 

6. In which National Hockey 
league division do the Washington 
Capitals play? 

7. What first-time participant 
won last year's Indianapolis 5001 

8. Who is the bead coach the 
NBA's Golden State Warriors? 

9. What Pittsburgh Steeler AlI-
Pro running back sat out much of the 
1993 NFL season due to injury? 

10. What Division I team did the 
Triton men's basketball team topple 
over the winter break? 

La.t Week's Answers: 
• 1. What basketball team is cur-
rently in first place in the NBA's 
Central Division? Atlanta Hawks 
.2. What Senior PGA tour member 

The UCSD Guardian 

is more affectionaltely known as 
"The Golden Bear?" JackNlddauI 
.3. Who is the leading scorer in the 
NBA? ShaquUle O'Neal 
• 4. What former Padre outfielder 
collected his 3,OOOth hit this past 
baseball season? Dave Wlnneld 
.5. What team currently boasts the 
worst record in the NHL? 

Ottawa Senators 
.6. What team will have the num-
ber-one pick in next year's NFL 
draft? Cincinnati Bengals 
.7. Who won the San Diego-hosted 
1993 Holiday Bowl matchup be-
tween Ohio State and BYU? 

Ohio State 
.8. Who captured the 1993 college 
football national championship? 

Florida State University 
.9. Who will the L.A. Raiders play 
host to in the first round of the NFL 
playoffs? Denver Broncos 
.10. Who is the leading scorer for 
the UCSD's women's basketball 
team? Usa Beaver 

This Week's Winners: 
• Gnnd Prize 
Tanya Brown, Jr., Sociology. 
• RUDnen-Up 
Frank Araullo, Sr., Economics 
Cara Capuano, Jr., Biology 
John Cross, Sr., Biology 
Louie Cruz, Jr., Economics 
Oren Doron, Fr., Communications 
Craig Foster, Sr., Economics 
Joshua Lawrence, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Jeremy Malamed, So., Comm. 
Johnathan Perkins, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Cari Smith, So., Economics 
Hunter Stem, Sr., Management Sci. 
Scott Vorreyer, Sr., Engineering 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 
David Zipf, Sr., Psychology 
Greg Zolatar, Sr., Sociology 

CBfBRATE PORTBI'I PUB'S 1 YEAR ~IARY 

tieSBI ••••• I. 
UNIVE ... ITY CENTER 11 •••• 1 

ADVI.ORY BOARD 1 •• DeI.II •• 

SPORTS 11 

Haircuts: 
Women $18 ..... 21 
Men $15 .... ua 
Color: 
Tint $20 . _ ' 25 
HI-Lites $40-$50 .... "5-$66 
Perms: 

Full 

Spiral 
$40-$50 .... "S'55 
$60 

Up Do'.:$15 
·Student discounts also given for na i l services 

3251 Holiday Court, Suit. 201 
(upstairs from St. Germain ' s) 
_~U$il~t~::;:i1; 
Open: Mon.· Sat. 8am · 8pm 

Call for Appt . 
453-9477 

Considering the JYdPCf is 
due tomorrow, aren1 
glad we're opm all &-J'¥--

• 

You want 10 make sure your project looks its best when you 
tum it in. AOO since you 'U probably be waicing 00 itlBltil 

the minute it's due, it's 8 goOO thing we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La JoIl. Dr. (near Ralphs) 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 o.nct Avenue 
".3-1151 

.. 

,. 

•• 



; 

r 

, · 

12 SPORTS The UCSD Gaardiaa TbunclaJ, JUUIU'J la, 19M 

PffiUP 

HI[HHELS 
Hockey 
Team of the 
Damned 

Tritons Tame· Division II Panthers 
People always wonder what 

inspired me to become a writer. 
Was it my need to create, my 
love of literature, my clever turn 
of phrase? No, it was nothing so 
grand, unfortunately. I became a 
writer because whenever I have 
to do anything athletic, I resemble 
a crippled gazelle coming off a 
three-week coke jag. 

CHEERIO OLD CHAP: UCSD extends its winning 
streak to six with 77-61 shelling of Chapman University 

There. My dirty little secret is 
out. I don't run, so much as I 
stagger drunkenly. I couldn't 
catch a softball on a bet. My golf 
scores are in t!l.e triple digits on a 
good day. I was once cut from a 
swim team that never cut any-
one, for God's sake. 

So I should have learned my 
lesson by now. When I was 
picked last on all the teams in 
elementary school, when I was 
named starting benchwarmer on 
my seventh grade basketball 
team, I should have taken the 
hint and gone back to doing things 
I'm good at, like watching tele-
vision or eating fruit-on-the-bot-
tom yogurt. 

But like a masochist yearning 
to be wal\oped over the head 
with a steel mallet, I keep com-
ing back. I keep signing up for 
intramural teams, and inevita-
bly, I keep having what remains 
of my pride handed back to me 
with each pitiful defeat. 

My floor hockey team this 
quarter is such a case in point. 
We signed up for a double-A 
league, which seemed like a swell 
idea at the time. After all, we 
were a plucky squad of up-and-
comers, ready to give any team 
tbe game of our lives. And be-
sides, all the single-A leagues 
were full up. 

So when we arrived at the 
Rec Gym for our first game last 
Saturday, we had little idea of 
the fate that our cruel gods had in 
store for us. Oh sure, our two 
best players were sitting out with 
injuries, but we remained un-
daunted. "Let's give 'em what 
for, boys," I bellowed in a pre-
game pep talk as my team cheered 
lustily. How foolish we were. 
How foolish .... 

The game was barely a few 
minutes old when tbe pucks 
started whizzing past my head 
and into the net. As a goalkeeper, 
I was doing a wonderful imper-
sonation of a sieve. My play in 
the net reminded the spectators 
of Roy. Unfortunately, not 

See HOCKEY, Page 10 

By BrIan K. Hutto. 
Sports Editor 

Not tbis time. The UCSD me's 
basketball team, qualifier in three of 
the last four NCAA Division III 

National 
Champion-
ship tourna-
ments, is mak-
ing sure last 
year's historic 
tournament 
selection 
snubbing 
does not re-
peat itself. 

"Politi-
cally, we 
know the 

powers that be will use anything 
they can against us [to prevent us 
from qualifying for tbe tourna-
ment]," Head Coach Tom Marshall 
said. "We need to have some sort of 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

.. ' .... II .. m. 
Sat., Jan. 15, vs. UC Santa Cruz It UCSO Mlln Gym, 7 p.m. 

w_' •• nnll .... = 
FrI., Jan. 14, vs. La Verne It La Veme, 7:30 p.m. 

.wl ........ ...,... 
Sit., Jln. 15, Claremont Coli. InvttatIonll at CI .... mont 

.... '. V ••• ,. .. 
Tonllht, Jan. 13, VI. UCSB at Sante Betb8re, 7 p.m. 

Fri.- Sat., Jan. 14-15, UCSB Invitational It Sante Barblre 

firepower to demonstrate to the [se-
lection] committee exactly where 
we are coming from." 

Statesman Marshall can chalk up 
Tuesday's 77-60 upset pounding of 
Division II foe, Chapman Univer-
sity, to the plus column for the 
Triton's future political assault. 

UCSD (12-3), which played vic-
tim to the same Chapman unit, 81-
68, at the Redlands' Lee Fulmer 
Tournament, Dec. 2-4, exacted a 
strong measure of revenge by hu-
miliating the Panthers (8-5) on their 
own floor. 

Last weekend's La Jolla Classic 
MVP, senior Rodney Lusain, con-
tinued his poiDt guard clinical prac-
tice on the overwhelmed Chapman 
squad, carving up every Pantber 
defensive tbat was strategically 
tbrown at bim. Lusain tallied 20 
points, five assists and three steals. 

Chris R ....... been • keYal*k off the bench for the TrIt .... 

Before five minutes of the pme 

bad elapsed, Lusain bad drilled two 
deep three-point bombs, pilfered a 
key steal and set up botb sophomore 
forward Matt Minneban and fresb-
man center Matt Aune for two quick 
buckets. 

The Panthers never knew what 
hit them. Chapman called for an 
early tUne out, trailing 12-5, but it 
did tbem little good. UCSD's 
stauncb defense held and the offen-
sive arsenal rattled off two quick 
bukets, one of which was another 
deep Lusain three-pointer dialed in 
from a different area code. 

Before Chapman could blink, the 
Tritons commanded a 17-7 lead and 
the Panthers were forced to call their 
second time out in two minutes. 

The result: UCSD went on an-

The Scoreboard 

UCSD 77 

CHAPMAN 61 

other run, extending ita advantage 
to an insurmountable 18 points, and 
went into the locker room up at the 
half, 44-28. 

When the Tritons weren't con-
verting from the perimeter - a rare 
occurrence indeed . considering 
UCSD canned 61 percent of its field 
goals in the first half - Minneban 
and Aune were sweeping the boards 
almost without effort. 

Minnehan pulled down a game-
. high 14 rebounds, and Aane reeled 

in 10 to go aJoaa with 19 points. 
"[Lusain] COIdIoIled the offen-

sive flow of the .... We were 
ellecuting oar off..... at will," 
Marshall said. • ADd aD; rebouDd in 
the area beloopd to Anne and 

Minnehan." 
On tbe other side of the ball, the 

Triton defense again came up with 
all the big plays, swiping steals and 
deflecting passes that led to easy 
layups down court. 

Marshall threw a multitude of 
players including Nate Hangin, 
Lusain, Erik Jobnson and Cbris 
Ressa at the Panther's top outside 
shooter, Greg Reynolds, limiting 
Chapman's main offensive threat to 
a mere 11 points and three rebounds. 

Meanwhile, Johnson was light-
ing up the skiea with tbree-point 
buckets of his own, nailing three on 
his way to recording 13 points. 

Sophomore 'forward Khalil 
Allen, in foul trouble for much of 
the game, finished with eight points. 

"We prepared really hard for 
[Cbapman], and it showed on the 
court, .. Marshall said. "This is a big 
win, especially on their floor. Our 

losstothemcam~onaneutral floor." 
Big wins are nothing new for the 

Tritons tbis year. UCSD has de-
feated top-notcb Division IJI teams, 
Calvin and Millikin universities, and 
Division II Olapman. But probably 
the most convincing victory for the 
Tritons wu an unprecedented wal-
loping of Division • Northern Ari-
zona University. 

"At the end of IS games to be 12-
3 with a schedule as difficult as ours 
is a real tribute to how hard this team 
worked," Marshall said. 

"All our seniors want to .go out 
on a positive note. They all bring 
something special to this team. They 
have been through the wars and 
know what it takes to get [to the 
tournament)." 

". think [the committee] will have 
to take a JOOd long look at us," 
Marshall concluded. "We have 
plenty of firepower to point to." 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANDECDOTES 

'T ~ Iff TIlE fllSr PRlaIcE 
TAAT PEEWEe FlNIIP OUr 
THE PAWFUC- TIIJl1: Iff's 
"or CUT ovr~HA *t-Put. I 


