
ELSEWHERE 

UCRStud __ 
ForltMe .. v .... 
RIVERSIDE, CA - UC 
Riverside student Aaron 
Boxerman is running as a 
write-in candidate for state 
governor on a platform of no 
UC or CSU fees. Boxerman, a 
junior majoring in Public 
Service and Political Science, 
has propoaed two steps to "get 
rid of fees.· First, he would 
institute a program of aggres-
sive marketing of the research 
and patents which UC pro-
ducea. Second, he said that he 
will "go through the state 
bucI8II with a fine-tooth comb, 
and pun out prngrama that are 
deIiped to act state leaislalon 
re-electecl and redistribute them 
to tile 1Cboo1s. It 

". ...... .... 
ForR ............. p 
LOS ANGELES - The 
Interfraternity Council (IFC) at 
UCLA is facing massive 
opposition from other student 
advocacy groups in its effort to 
be responsored by the Associ-
ated Students. IFC lost its 
sponsorship two years ago after 
racist and sexist songbooks 
were discovered. The opposi-
tion includes the Asian Pacific 
Coalition, ltalill Guardado, the 
African American Student 
Union and Mobimiento 
Estudiantil Chicano de Astian 
(MEChA). These groups 
contend that they have not seen 
a change in the orpaizatiolll' 
aUitudes or actiolll. 

DIMe ......... 
........... $1,1CII 
DAVIS - A UCD student wu 
arrated Tuesday for aUegeclly 
embezzeling St,500 from the 
UCD Rec Hall. Chuong Bao 
Nguyen confessed to the crime 
and returned St.OOO of the 
money on Tuesday night. 
Nguyen's crime wu discov-
ered after an audit by the UCD 
Internal Audit Office. Nguyen 
will face felony charges and is 
in county jail with bail set at 
S5,OOO. 

INSIDE 

FEMMES 
_lUI: L7 brinp its 
harall sound aad 
feminism to Soma. 111 

SPOIITS: Men's.soa:er 
hosts first round of NCAA 
Division III playoffa. 11 

.# 

INDEX 

UCSD IIIII'S ............................ 2 
CALVIN I HOllIS .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
QASSD'IIII8 ........................... II 
!POIIIH ................................. 16 

· USED 

, H I u 

UCSANDIEGO mURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1994 

DEATH OF A PuMPKIN 

nm Chenl Gultd/an 
A ........... t8keI tile ........ from tile roof of 'eay8 Hell Mondey afternoon. 

Isla Vista Cracks Down 
On Halloween Revelry 
RESTRICTIONS: Sheriffs 
enact 'No Tolerance Policy' 
., ....... VICII 
Associate News Editor 

SANTA BARBARA - Halloween night 
revelry in the streets of Isla Vista may be just a 
memory. Thealy, which gained a reputation for 
being the wildest Halloween haunt in the state, 
fought back this year with a heavy police pres-
ence and restrictions on noise and live bands. 

These meuures seemed to have the desired 

effect. Only 5,000 people partied in Isla Vista on 
Monday night, compared to an estimated 20,000 
lut Halloween. 

"It was definitely more mellow this year," 
said Thurgood Marshall :otudent Marcus Liu, 
who went to Isla Vista last weekend. "There 
were a lot of cops. Before, the streets were really 
crowded with drunkards and druggies. This year 
it just wun't the mass public party it used to be. 
lt was still fun though." 

"It wu a total police state," said a UCSD 
student who wished to remain anonymous, an-

See PARTY, Page 3 

c s D 

VOLUME 83, ISSUE 13 

Elementary 
Students 
Experience 
College Life 
EDUCAnON: Minority 
elementary school students get 
a glimpse of college life 
By Karen Walsh 
Staff Writer 

UCSD will act as host to approximately 80 
San Diego elementary school children and their 
families on Saturday in a potluck picnic spon-
sored by the Partners at Learning (PAL)/ 
Summerbridge San Diego. 

According to program supervisor and acting 
Thurgood Marshall Dean of Student Affairs 
Rafael Hernandez, the upcoming picnic is "an 
opportunity to bring together all of the students 
[and] their families fora day on campus that will 
de-mystify the university and give the parents a 
chance to meet the mentors and staff [of PAU 
Summerbridge]. " 

Participants will be served an international 
potluck lunch, with games and activities for the 
children. The UCSD Gospel Choir, Players 
Theatre Troupe and Kai Bigang Phillipino's 
Oance Troupe will pe'rform throughout the day. 

PAL is a class which is jointly offered through 
Thurgood Marshall College and the Teacher's 
Education Program which is designed for people 
pursuing careers in education. The program's 
goal is "to provide access to high quality educa-
tion to younger students with limited opportuni-
ties, and enable a generation of talented older 
students to experience the power of teaching 
and deepen their commitment to service." 

Summerbridge is PAL's summer version of 
the program. 

UCSD students spend a minimum of four to 
six hours a week working with linguistically 
and culturally diverse fifth- and sixth-grade 
children from over 10 local elementary schools. 
The program provides elementary school stu-
dents, who may not consider themselves col-
lege-bound, with exposure to the university, and 
offers them academic help, support and guid-
ance. 

According to Thurgood Marshall sophomore 
and mentor Elissa Lord, "We want to show them 
that going to college is a fun and a cool thing to 
do, as well as make it a realistic goal for them." 
Lord, like other mentors, has taken steps to get 
to know her student's family and become in-
volved outside the classroom. 

Thurgood Marshall junior Kim Hallgren said, 
"There are a lot of kids out there that need 
someone ... as a mentor you give them guidance 

See PICNIC, Page 8 

Cross Cultural Center's Opening Slated for January 
MINORma: Ceriter 
looks to foster multi-
ethnic community 
1If' ... ...., 
sr.tf Writer 

IMI year'. bi .... ydebateciCroa-
Cullaral Center may come to frui-
tion by the fil'lt of the year, if pIan-
lina" the t.ciJity COIIIiauea with-

out delays. 
The CrosS-Cultural Center Steer-

ing Committee, comprised of ap-
pointed students, staff and faculty 
representing all various administra-
tive and multi-ethnic groups, is 
drafting plans and a mission state-
meat for the center, in time for the 
propoeed JIIIIIry openina date. 

LuI Friday, the committee con-
sultecl with director of the UClrvine 

Cross-Cultural Center, Corina 
F..pinoza, for advice on modeling 
the UCSO center. 

The UCI center, formed in 1974, 
supports ethnic minority students 
with career counseling, leadership 
worbhops and outreach programs, 
according to Espinoza who has 
served u director for five years. The 
center also coordinates events for 
African-American ConICiousneu 

• J ..,---.. ___ L -- ----.-,-

Quarter, Asian Heritage Week and 
American-Indian Culture Days. 

EsRinoza said she is empathetic 
to the UCSD steering commiuee's 
task of creating the center. "We've 
gone through the growing pains and 
know the diffICUlty of stsrting up." 

Espinoza said ttiat while the cen-
ter has evolved over the yean, it 
maintained its original goal of pro-

See CENTER, Pace T 



2 NEWS 

Author S88S N8ed for 
A Democratic Media 
JOURNAUIM: Mozzocxx> says that the corporate 
media does not represent a diversity of views 
BybNnCMnl 
SenIor Stsff Writer 

Five-time Emmy 
award winner and 
UCSD communica-
tions graduate Den-
nis MIZZOCXlO attacks 
the corporate media 
in his new book Net-
worbofPower: Cor-
porak lV's Tltreat to 
Democracy. 

The book focuses 
on the demise of in-
dependent journal-
ism and the impact 
that corporate media 
has had on democ-
racy with an inside 
look at the 1985 cor- V .. ZOIotMv/GuaIdIrI 
porate merger of Author.,..... MUZGCCO bIMtI tIM ...... 
Capital Cities and the 
American Broadcasting Company activist for a more democratic me. 
(ABC), considered"fu be the largest dia. 
non-oil merger in the United States "What dol mean by 4moredemo-
to date. cratic?' I mean a media that repre· 

M.zzocco worked with both scnts the diversity of the audio 
ABC and NBC for nearly 20 years. enco-thatthere be meaningful rep-
The idea for the book began when resentation of women's views and 
Mazzooco was astudentat Cal State their struggle for equality in the 
Fresno, working on his master's the- workplace, in academia, inallplllCCS 
sis. of society, as well as of people of 

"It started out as • harmless way color. 
in simply trying to find. topic on "These are the kinds of issues I 
media studies that I knew some- sec lacking a voice in the main. 
!hing .bout, th.t I ~d some insi~ht stream broadcast media. I hope that 
In. I fell upon the Idea of looking . (democratK: medi.) would lead to 
into the merger of ABC-Capital Cit- more balanced representations and 
ies as simply. w.y to satisfy my that there be some sort of 
master's thesis requirement as well reawakening of the tremendous edu. 
15 educate myself on the history of cation.l potential of the media .. he 
both corporations . ..• nd what I said. ' 
fou~d was shoc~ing. . In the first part of Networks 01 

I h.d to realJZC that as a medl. Power, Mazzocco describes his own 
[~tudent], I kne~ absolutely very experiences as • media worker pro-
httle .~ut the hiStory of t~ two ducing news, sports .nd entertain. 
companies, .nd not knowlDg that ment programs, .nd provides a his. 
h!story I cou~d ~t completely exer~ tory of both Capital Cities and ABC 
clse ~y chOIce In the workpl.ce, as well as .n analysis of the merger 
he said. and its aftermath. 

According to Mazzocco, few "Despite wh.t corponte press 
workers in the media write books, releases say .bout not being inter-
so he decided to .pproach his ested in monopoly and the corpo-
master's thesis as a book concept rate control of information, I cite 
when he received a contract from precise evidence to the contrary-
South End Press,. small, non-profit that what they .re really looking for 
collectively run publisher. is monopoly and control. They as· 

"As somebody who witnessed sume th.t just because they are servo 
the takeover from the nnlts of the ing the market, they .re .utomati. 
workers, I thought that I might be calJy serving a diverse audience and 
able to bring .n interesting perspec- serving th.t diverse representation," 
tive, since most books on the media Mazzocco said. 
and media takeovers have been writ-
ten by those who either own the 
company or are in the 'high ech-
elons' of executive leadership. It is 
• working class perspective of the 
company-my own experience 15 • 
worker .nd how I became disillu-
sioned," he said. 

. Mazzocco said th.t his experi-
ences .t ABC have m.de him an 

Mazzooco offers two controver· 
sial solutions to what he thinbcould 
gradu.lly end the existence of cor· 
porate media. 

"As f.r as what the individual 
can do, I mean education by way of 
media literacy is to be undertaken 
RY as many groups as possible--

churc~ groups, public schools, see 
See MEDIA, Pace 8 

The UCSD Guardiaa Thunday. No.""" S.I994 

ETCETERA ... 
BElT OF CALVIN'. HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

--
L-________________ ~~,~~_, __________________ ~~ 

-

BRIEFLY ••• 

Ocean Currents Linked to Weather 
Reseateherl at ScrIpps institute of 0ceIncIe"IPIIY 

(510) may have found a Wfl1 to predict weather ~ 
in 84ttanc:e accordl~ to the Oct. 28 IsIue of ScIence 
macazlne. Dr. nm P. Barnett of SIO and Dr. MojIb lItlf 
of the Max Planck Institute for MeteoroIoCY it HIm-
bur&. Germany, hive found thM conditions In the 
Pacific ocean rlOIUI of the equator may be used to 
predict some aspects of the weather In North AmerIca 
several years In 1dYance. 

The researchers enaIyzecI measurements of the 
pacific atmosphefe taken over the last 60 ~ end 
compared them with computer models of climate. 
They found that there Is a Jarge-scale cycle of warmer 
and cooler ocean conditions that chqe the atn\(). 
spheric pressure fields In the North Pacific recJon, 
where much of North America's weather ~s. 
The cycle takes about 20 years to complete and, 
8CCXIfdiICto the researchers, accounts for rou&hIY one 
third of the torces which control the variability of 
weather in North AmerIca. 

"One ~ to look at this is that the ocean effect 
loads theciimate prediction dice," Barnett Slid. "Once 
the state of the ocean has reached one of the two 
conditions, the dice want to roll a certain weather 
pattern over North America. This won't happen every 
time, because other factors, such ss EI NIi\os and 
random weather Mnts... But there Is a cltJflnlte 
tendency to roll the same pattern. 

Propoeltloll187 to be DeINded 
At IR/PS 'Town • ...,. 

PropositIon 187, the "SM Our State" proposition, 
will be the subject of a town ~ held on Nov. 7 It 
4:30 p.m. at the Robinson AudItCIrIum at the Graduate 
School d IntematJonaI Relations and Pacific Studies 
(IRIPS). 

Peter Smith, the director of UCOS's Center for 
Iberian and latin AmerIcan Studies (CiLAS) will moder· 

ate the discussion. The panelists .... kW for the 
propotItIonwIR be Richard HIMnon, a memberotthe 
BonIer Solution Task Force and Jay SuHIvan, a pr0fes-
sor of economics at U.S. International University. 
Panelists Wayne Cornelius, dlr8ctor of UCSO's Center 
for U.S.~ Studies, end Colleen Morton, vice 
president of the UCSGOaaed Institute of the Ameri-
cas, wiD atlue aeainst the proposition. 

The town ~ Is he and open to the public. 

TradI ............. hIIce 
'fI'-.e ,.toni 81 •• devllle 

The AVA1.lntematlonal Dance Thea wi. present 
an ~ of traditional music and dance from the 
Middle East, Greece, Central AsIa and North AfrIca on 
Nov. 6 at 8 p.m. at the Mandeville Audltorill'n. The 
Dance Theatre, which consists of 14 dancers, eWWt 
51 .. end nine musicians, Is part of the California 
Arts CouncIl TourI,. Company, 

TIckets for the event are $16 for aeneral admission 
and $12 for students. 

eReA ReoeIY_ GIl. fer 
............. 11:_ ..... 

UCSO's Center tot Rnearch in COmputI,. and the 
Arts (CRCA) will be part of a coII8bonItIYe research 
&rant &Nen by the UrMraIty of Cellfornla institute for 
Mexico and the United States. UCSO will work with the 
CenterforNew Music and Audio Tect.'1oIoIIel (CNMAn 
at UC Berkeley, and the L.abnItorto de Informatlca 
Musical (UM) at the UnNerlIty of GuMIiIuato, Mexico . 
The arant will fund an lntemation8J.exchlfWt profram 
in New Music Technolofl b8tween the line centers. 
UM's director, Roberto MoraItt-ManzanI, will vllIt 
Berkeley and San DIe&o for two rnonIhs bellMkW this 
month. Morales will &lYe a concen of his work on Dec. 
1. 

EdIIDrJII: ~ ...... /f'MUW: 534-e22e. 
OIJInIon/SllDrtl: S3. 1882 ....... : 53. eea 
IIuIInIII 0IIIcI: 1306-.... F8I: SM-7811 

UCMJ _....., 1100 U ... OrIN 03U, 
U JoIa, CA t2OII-4I1I 

...,... ................. I!ICID ...... c... ....... ,. ........ 217 

1'Iuanday. Noveaber 3.1994 

Bat Caught "in Library 
UBRARY: Bat forces 
two-hour study break 
on the sixth floor 
ByM-'-VIII 
AasocI_ Newi Editor 

Tho Iixth floor of the University 
Ubrary was closed for more than 
two hours Tuesday afternoon be-
cause of a bat. 

The bat was reported to library 
offICials .t about 4:3.5 p.m. ·Some 
students came to us saying that they 
saw a bat flying around," said Laurie 
Titus, • library uaistant at thecircu-
Iation desk. 

Tho sixth floor was closed for 
approximately two houn while li-
brary eJllployee. tried to catch the 
bat. 

"They _ked us to leave because 
they said there was. rabid bat flying 
around," said TilSlOtby Roacb, • 
Wanen College junior who was 
studyina on the sixth floor. "It was 
very annoying." 

Titus said that the floor was 
closed because of the risk of rabies. 
"We figured that it would be better 
to be safe than sorry," she said. 

According to wit ...... the bat 
flew .rouacI the floor for several 
. houn until it got tired and "decided 
. to hang." Thon a security guard and 
another library employee armed with 
gloves used • fire extinguisher filled 
with water to dislodge the bat from 
theceiliag. 

·We stood on the tables to get 
closer to it so we wouldn't miss it, 
then we sprayed it with w.ter until it 
got heavy and fell to the floor; said 
Asghar Bordbu, the stack manager 
at the library. "Thea we used a trash 
to catch it because it was stiD trying 
to fly." 

The bat was then taken oUlaide 
and released into the bushes oUlaide 
the library. "It walked out of the 
trubcan slowly and then flew .way.· 
80rdbar said. 

nus is the fint bat-incident that 
the Univenity Library bas ever had. 
"We've bad a few birds before, but 
never. bat. I don't know where it 
camefrom. We do have a lower, but 
as fuas Iltnowthere aren't any ball 
living there. It could have just been 
• punk, or m.ybe it snuck ina door, 
but there are very few doors Oil the 
sixth floor." . 

Guardian 

The UCSD G_rdian 

PARTY: Police 
urge partjers to stay 
home next year 
CanIInued fnNn ..... 2-
other UCSD student who traveled 
to lala Vista. 

IJlltitutins what Santa Barbara 
Sheriff Jim Tbomu called a "No 
Tolerance PolK:Y," 117 officers, 
eight of whom were on horseback, 
patrolled the streets of lsi. Vista 
arresting offenders. 

The officen enforced a strK:t 
regimen of rules. tive music .nd 
pre-recorded musK: which is .u-
dible from the street was prohib-
iled. Laws againslpublic drunken-
ness, alcohol on public roadw.ys 
and underage drinking were beavily 
enforced. 

By Tuesday morning only 97 
people had been .rrested over the 
previous four d.ys. This was 
approxam.tely one fifth of the ar-
rests made last year. 

Two hundred citations, half the 
number from last year, were is-
sued, and no deaths or suu.1 
assuallS were reported. "Though 
we didn't have a death last year," 
lbomas said, "we had at leut one 
every year before that. " 

READ 
UeSD 
~~~ .... ~·.....-..".....2 

'. 

times 
a 
.eek 

Thomas said that the annual 
Halloween partying got ~ ofhand 
about 10 years .go when Playboy 
wrote an' .rticle which described 
lsi. Vista as having the beat Hal· 
Ioween party in the country. "Mter 
that .rticle, things just went wild," 
he said. 

"We lot people, not just from 
.11 over the stale, but from as f.r 
.w.y as Texas and Colorado. One 
year we had 50,000 people here." 

Two years ago, 151. Vista resi-
dents and tbe S.nt. Barbara 
Sheriff's offlCC agred it was time 
to crack down. "We decided it was 
time to get bard-nosed like P.lm 
Springs did," Thomas said. "People 
were coming into town and trash-
ing things, and we just couldn't let 
that h.ppen anymore." 

In .ddition to the "No Toler-
.nce PolK:Y," UC Santa Barbara 
.Iso mailed and handed out litera-
ture which wlrned studenla th.t 
.nti-noise .... alcohol policies 
would be strK:tly enforced. 

"What we really wanted to do 
was keep people from out of the 
area .way from Isla Vista," Tho-
mas said. "We can h.ndleour local 
students. " 

nus year, however, most offi· 
ci.1s said that the celebration went 

NEWS 3 

...... 
In the last few years, fewer 
party-goers have frequented 
Isla Vista on Halloween. 

o 

I .... 0 
Dominic LabbIII Gulllfllllfl 

well, some added that the prohibi-
tion on live music could be lifted 
in the future. 

Third District Supervisor Bill 
Wallace told the UCSB NUllS that 
"If it can be reduced to a Commu-
nity-sized party, then we can bring 
back music and other good things. 
It's pretty tame tonight [Monday] 
and it looks like people are having 
a good time." 

Sheriff Thomas was less opti-
mistic about the possibility of the 
festivities expanding next year. 
"We'll be just as strict in enforcing 
our policies next year, so find a 
party closer to home," he said. 

Now ENROlLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR mE 

s.vtng the UCSD pn-medlc8l community .'nce 1885 

* M.D.'s TRAINING M,D.'s-OF-THE-FUfURE * 
-INTENSM MCAT preparation" medical school Ipplication/ 

admissions assistance Ire III we do! 
- MCAl gnRTS: In independent program lIugbt by UCSD-trained 

academic M.O.'s, top M.D.-Ph.D. candidates," English Department 
Ph.D. flCUlty. 

"OBlGINATO& nolsimul.tor, of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
- 13 WEEKS (1 SO+ hours) of delliled in-class instruction It. real MCAT 

testing, problem solving, readinJ'Writing worksllops, review groups, 
med scbool application It. admissions strategies," tutoring. 

-lO9O rAGf,S of original IIke-bome review notes, reading It. writing 
studyguides, MCAT " admissions stralegy handouts, problem selS, It. 
MCAT-qullity timed practice exams. 

" lEAL MCAl IFSIJNG for in-class It. take·bome practice. 
- QIBf'C[ CONTACf with young UCSD docs " med students. 
" DJIOJUNG. pre·med library" med school application help included. 
- ON CAMnJS altbe UCSD School of Medicine. Ull h 

- LOWER DJITlON Iban OIlIer courses. 

I~~I;H]"UHQD 456·8488 
V Ihl' 1110\1 "0111'\ 
V Ihl' hnl in,lrucl()n 
V I"l' hnlllllll('riul, 
V I h l' hnl local iOIl 
V I" ( h l'\ I/'(' , II It\ 
V f h (' 1011'('\1 co.\ ( 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

.--~ .. -... 



" OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edttorllll 80MJ 

DOUGlAS AlEXANDER. editor In Chief 
SIMONE MillER. Copy editor 

ALEXANDER THIESEN. News EdItor 
ANNA VAiSMAN. OpInion editor 
n..ucso~., 'I puOII __ • _. IN ~ '" c.IIIomiII. - DIIID. ~ 01 ... _____ .....- ... 1IIIiIoItIr_ofIN-'" _. n n_ 

-..rIll' _ of IN UC _ "' .......... IN AIUCSO. _ IN __ lUll. 

UCSD Must Crackdown on 
Employment Discrimination 

The Department of Labor's recent finding that UCSD discrimi· 
nated against women and minority applicants during the 1990-91 
academic year undermines the university's integrity as an equal 
opportunity employer. The UCSD administration should come 
under fire for not admitting to these violations until four years after 
they took place. Obviously, this discrimination would have been 
swept under the rug if it bad not been exposed by the Department 
of Labor. 

Even when UCSD did agree to compensate the 28 applicants, it 
did so only to prevent an expensive and embarraseng court case. 
The university would also not admit to any wrong doing, claiming 
instead that its only mistake was that it did not fuDy justify its 
reasons for turning down the 28 applicants. The university con· 
tended that the applicants it hired were better qualified for the jobs, 
even though the Department of Labor found this to be false. 

The university must take steps to crackdown on discrimination 
and underrepresentation. The percentage of minorities working at 
UCSD is shamefuUy low. According to a 1992 California Assem· 
bly Select Committee on Equal Opportunity report and "University 
of California Statistical Summary of Students and Staff, Fall 1993," 
minorities comprise 52 percent of the Califonia workfon:e, while 
they only account for only 32 pen:ent of UCSD employees. 

Although the pen:entage of women working at U~D is higher 
than that of the overall workforce (55 pen:ent of UCSD employees 
are women compared to 43 percent of the overaU workfon:e), 85 
percent of these women hold non·academic jobs, whereas almost 
half (41 percent) of the men who work at the university are in 
academic jobs. The statistia; speak for themselves: Racial and 
gender discrimination is a serious problem at the Uc. 

A review from the Coalitions Task Force on minority status at 
UCSD stated that "in recent years there has been a significant 
erosion in these efforts {to recruit and retain minority faculty and 
staffJ due to ... a lack of focused, institutional commitment. " 

It is imperative that the university becomes more than just 
"focused," it needs to implement a task force to prevent these 
discrepancies from re-occurring. However, university officials 
cannot be trusted to be their own disciplinarians, they must also be 
held accountable to other organizations on campus. 

In a letter to ChanceUor Atkinson, the Cross·Cultural Coali· 
tion stated that there is a lack of a "critical mass of minority students, 
faculty and staff at UCSD." The fonnation of the Cross·Cultural 
Center is a step in the right direction on the road to combatting 
prejudice and ensuring that officials practice employment policies 
which promote racial, ethnic and cultural equality. We hope 
Chancellor Atkinson will follow the center's advice which states 
that UCSD needs to "improve the campus environment for 
underrepresented groups." 

The most disturbing aspect of this case is that the Department of 
Labor had to aC£USe U~D of discrimination before it acted to 
compensate the injured parties. We must question the leadership of 
institution which does not admit to cheating the system until it gets 
caught. 

--

UCSD Pledge DrIve Key to 
CaIPIRG'. Success 

The U~D chapter of the California Public Interest Research 
Group (CalPIRG), a non-profit, stJMIcnt-run enviromnental and 
consumer·watchdog organization, has mooilized this week not only 
to battle environmental degRldation, but also to IL'ISUre that it has the 
necessary funds to operate during the 1994-95 academic year. Since 
CalPIRG is ineligible for AS. and university fundin& it has 
persuaded the administlatioo - after much bureIucratic RSisIInce 
- to implement a pledge system at UCSD. 

Under the system, wbidJ iswrrendy in UlCat UC Berbley. UC 
Sanaa Barbara and UC Santa Cnlz,1tudeaIa lip. CllPlRO pIqe 
card, and IIl'C billed mtbeir reJiltrllioa. Honvcr.1be ......... 
IIipulIlelIbat CalPlRG IIIUIt pia pIedp from at IeaIt 10 perceat 
fA Ibc IIUdent body. If It receiwa __ IIIIIl 1,500 pIedp carda, 
IIUdeaII will DOt be billed and it wtU receiw ., fUIdI&. 'I1Ie 
G ........ aU ...... wboIUppOltCalPlRO· ..... lDlIlout 
• pIedp c:ard, 10 IbII it c:ID COIdiauc 10 be etrec:tiw ill ill tipI fOr 
eavirml ..... aad CCIIIIaeI' eM, .... 

The UC8D GuardiaD 

PINION 
P'T~ WILSON ON 

~ALLOW~[N NI4~T-
TW~ [ARLY Y£A~S ... 

P 

--------

-~-------~ 

STIIJJ OVER HIs· HEAD IN 
HOT WATER 

COMMENTARY: By making illegal immigration a centerpiece of his cam-
paign, Michael Huffington has shown himself to be a liar and a hypocrite 
., Brent Joe.on r a modem, liberal,lI08IIailafruaeofmind,theywouJdlt't 
St." Write, think of women IS errant children whose Idions are • 

Congressman Michael Huffington, who is currently sole respormibility of the parent. Huffington uses sexist 
running against incumbent Dianne Feinstein for a seat in ladies to gain pity: Gosh, you know how women can be, 
the U.S. Senate, supports Proposition 187. In fad, he's right guys? However, wealthy Republican industrialist 
made it a cornerstone of his campaign. Barney Klinger COlaiders Huffington's wife, Arianaa 

The proposed initiative would Stassinopoulos, to be "about 10,000 
make illegal immigrants ineligible for times smarter than he is. " 
any public social services, I\OD-emer· Huffingtonapparemly agreed with 
gency medical ca~ and schooling. Klinger; on six separate occasions, 
The initiative '5 purpose is to stem the he sent Stassinopoulos, out to debate 
tide of illegal immigrants pouring with his Senate primary opponent, 
across the border from Mexico into William Dannemeyer, iIBIead of ap-
California. According 10 Huffington, pearing hiJmelf. After all, she was 
"The bostil ity of this state Ioward onc::c the president of the net.ting 
illegal immigration has risen in direct Society at Cambridge University. 
proportion to • weakness of our HuffiDgton's next raction to Ie-
political leaders to enfon:e • immi· __ wi." cusations of hypocrisy consisted of 
gration laws already on the books." ...... lppCaIing to human fallibility. ·We 

Ironically, Huffing10n has hired r....,.,... about have made a mistake, then: is no 
atleastoneilleplimmigranttowork tile p-o ... lbI ..... of doubtaboutit.Butwboamongushas 
for his family. The confirmed illegal - •• , not broken the law? Who among us 
immigram worked for Huffington ... vI-1II hired has not rolled th ......... a *- Ii ... ? 

... ••• MU"",&" -r -e-

for five yeM'I. Her job ended Ibout II..., .... I................ Who amona III ha DOt gone put 55 
six montbI after HuffiJlllOa became ....... • ...... _ • .., miJeI an bour?-
a member of c.o..r-lut year. HuftI---lOIn Who IIIIDftg III 11M DOt hired an 

HIIffiDID_racted to the.,. ... ~ iIIepI immigranI, whea federal law 
licexpcllUleofhil hypocrisy by giv- ....... , "I'. .....empIoyealllUllverifywodt· 
ing repodcII the IUIIIIOUDII. Wben en' citizeMhip ...... Wbea biriDa? 
lIIIWerina ....... Ibout the poIIi. ..,.. .. I don't HufIi.,eoalrielto ... III believe 
bi1ity of havi .. hired OCher illegal know. But If tiler. tIIIt.fedenI ..... -wilbflnelof 
immigrlnta, Huft'iJlllon answered, ..,to$lo.w»-iaiathe..aeleap 
-I 'm uyiDa I don't bow. But if there Were,., wife, .... ~ Ai CD -. ..... 111 
were, my wife, NmeIIlber, WiI ill 1'8III."e,., _. In illlplimaipalltwaddDOlIlirCOD-
dlUp.lllke!llpOllliJility, thoup, 1IOWDy. However. HuftiDaIoa _ 
foranythi ... 'J'hat'.thebollomline.· ....... bike IIIIde the iIIepl-inunipIi'" 

Notice how HufIMwIDa pNCOdcI r •• p-o-n......... .. ....... put ~_ campaip 
the seotence in which be cIaiInI Roo • ." FiaaIIy, Hun'iapJa __ his un-
IpOIIIiMlity with a diIcIaimer of Ie- ......., for fIaaeriq (IOIition to -.ck his oppo-
IuaIIy .... reIIpOIIIibIe: My wife ....... _~" IICIIII, Dianne FeinIIeil, uyioa "My 
did it, III)' wife did iI- but it'l my -., .......... wife did hUe ...... tOuadout dill 
..... ... iI .... , IppIied for a ... CIId and filled out all rl 

In aaodIer IOUIId with the prell, ....... libel theplpllwon,andplidtbe ..... But. •• WI'wbeealDldby 
HufIi9'o why it'. hia fadt. He IepIiId, • ..... I'm pIDpIe who bow licit about [Fein t I i '11 ........ 100, 
the ..... • hilldtwopeaplewllo ....... The ...... IWOIIIdaak 

ne ........ BY -lOIIDd,co.iderillCllifDr. MIa. PI'. 11 b ... ' .. _ ,., ....... ., .. dId7" 
aiailbeoll ........ oa •• Mdw ......... -, Not oaIJ lid .. bilk we. ..... far "ldeace c#. 
withevery .... .,.Ho ....... If~ I .... If See ... fPOC .... , PIlI e 

The UCSD GuardiaD OPINION 5 

COIIIENTAIIY: Instead of choosing the lesser of two evils, we should vote for minor-party candidates and those who 
aren't bank-rolled by big business and special interests 

VOTING AGAINST THE ODDS 
By R ..... R .... 
ContributJt!I Opinion writer 

If there's no one to vote for, voting 
doesn't mate much difference. We 
feel forCed to vote against candidates, 
rather than for them; and agailat 
politics which are anti·Latino or anti· 
traditional values. Politics today are 
anti·anti; they don't encourage 
anything. Major-party politicians 
don't take the time to work out 
solutions to California's problems; 
.yaHlC.'lClltrateonly on winDing .ir 
old quanels. 

It makes no seRle to vote for these 
politicians because they aren't going 
to represent us. The habits they pick 
up in politics tach them not to trust 
anything to the public; instead, they 
treat voters' beliefs u data - the 
information they need to win their 
positions. 

So, we've become aa::ustomed to 
beingapathctic kJWUd politics. We're 
used 10 letting important issues slide 
because we think they're someone 
else's ooacem. Our elec:ted officials 
don 'I care because they know that we 
don'l care. 

A politician is loyal 10 whomever 
buys his .... not to what he .ys in 
them. 1beonly way we can have real 
solutions is by working them out 
ouraelves.lfwe WIllI government to 
take .. lIeI'iouIly, we have to tab the 
iSlu., seriously. We have to 
encourage each other to vote 
responsibly. 

So, what can we do, as voters, to 

get politicians to listen to III? One 
alternative to the "Repoc:rata" is to 
vote for the smaU-party candidates. 

Contrary to popular belief, a third-
party vote is not a wasted vote. It's 
true that a mioor-party candidate won 't 
win - yet. But a strong third·party 
vote would shake up the Capitol. 

However, if we vole for Repocrats 
we're guaranteed business as usual: 
They don't repraent us. 

There .ire four minor parties. in 
California: The American 
Independent party, the Libertarian 
party, the Green party, and the Peace 
and Freedom party. The American 
Independents are fairly OOfIICrvative 
and emphasize American traditions. 
The Libertarians believe that the 
govemment's only job is 10 protect. 
people's private property and 
personal safety. The Peace and 
Freedom party isaocialist-baed, and 
focuses 011 redistribution of wealth 
and aiding the poor. The Greens are 
not quite as anticapitalist, and have 
interests in 'government 
decentralization and preserving the 
environment. 

In local elections, only the 
Libertarian and the Peace and 
Freedom parties are putting up 
c:andidates. 

Since the tbird-putia seem to 
focus mo&dy 011 attnding voles in the 
bi, saatewidc IKC8 such. Governor 
IDCI U. Governor, if we vote for these 
candidates we can send a strong 
rnauge to government 

Contrary to 
popular belief, a 
tIIlr ...... ty vote I. 
notawasted 
vote. ft'. true tIIat 
amillOl'1Nll'tJ 
candidate won't 
win - , .. But a sir.., tIIlr ..... .tr 
vote would .... . 
up tile Capitol. 
However, If we 
vote for 
Repocreta we're 
..... d 
.".11 _ u.al: 
1IIe,don't 
repre •• nt u .. 

Unfortunately, both major and 
minor parties speak for only a small 
part of the public. As IonglScandidatts 
practice the business of politics, their 
anti·anti messages will keep us 
divided. Even if we like what a 
candidate says, weshouldn'tpay much 
attention, especially if he's taking big 
checks on the side. 

What we need is not politicians 
who can say something appealing, 
but people we can trust Only' when 
we have competent, honest candidates, 
can we afford to listen to what they 
say. 

The best way 10 choose who to 
vole for is to vole against the 
candidates who have raised the most 
funds, particularly if we know nothing 
else about a candidate. 

Politiciami who have raised the 
most money, especially from big 
business and bureaucratic 
organizations, are the most 
compromised and least likely to be 
honest. For' example, Chuck 
Quackenbush's campaign for 
Insurance Commissioner is heavily 
funded by insurance compuita. In 
contrast, Cathie Wright is nanning for 
U Govemor with only a fifths much 
money IS her opponent. And Tony 
Miller has accepted fewer oorporate 
contn'buoo.. than any other major 
staIewide candidate. 

In the race for U.S. 
Representative, Democratic 
incumbenl Lynn Schenk raised over 
$1 million IS ofSepc. 30,.52 percent 

of which was contributed by 
individuals. Brian Bilbray, a 
Republican, raised $430,000, 87 
percent of which was oontributed by 
individuals. The minor-party 
candidates each raised a total of less 
than $.5000. 

In the race for U.S. Senator, 
incumbent Dianne Feinstein raised 
over $9 million as of SepL 30, 83 
percent of which WIS contributed by 
individuals. Michael Huffington 
raised over $8 million, all of which 
WIS contributed by individuals. Each 
of the minor-party candidates raised 
less than $.5000. 

In the race for California 
Governor, Kathleen Brown raised 
nearly $18..5 million as of June 30, 
and Pete Wilson raised over $22.7 
million. 

If enough people vote against well· 
financed candidates, the politiciala 
would be forced to stop seeking large 
oontributions and appeal more to 
voters to special interest groups. 
Perhaps this would reduce all the 
expensive, misleading campaign 
tacties u well. 

Voting for the least·financed 
majorcandidate,orforsomeonefrom 
the minor parties, makes a point. A 
few "miraculous wins" by under· . 
funded Repoaats or an unexpected 
to-percent vote for some candidale 
who has run no ads, would get a lot of 
attention. Politicians would start 
thinkingthatthe voterscan't be fooled 
so easily. 

IT'S THE NIGHT 
BEFORE THE BIG 

When you 
have to study ... 
tNt is, when 
you absouIteIy. 
positively have 
to siudy. why 

MID-TERM. 
YOU'VE 
GOT 400 

At Kaplin, you don't have to wait for Qur tint 
class to get a head sta~ on the MeAT. .... 'DomIno's 

deIIvws films. Subs. 

fJ PAGES 
,?" .. ' TO GO. 
( BETTER 

Our learning extpIS help raise your score as soon as you enroll: 

O Kaplan's MeAT DiapOltic Tat pofiles your sc:orina strqIbs amd \W!Ikn es, 90 you can set ycu ~ pis. 
• 

Kaplan's Home Study Notes mean you can take it 
with you. Indexed, iDustrated and reader-friendly- over 
1400 pIges of scieD:e review. 

• Kaplan's Bil Picture Videos makes scim:e brush-ups 
easyand~. , 

• 

Kaplan's Tninia Library AudioIVideo ~ Lab 
gives you access to ~ worlds largest coUection of MeAT 
pactice materials. 

• 

Kaetm 1\rton ~ovide expert nxlividual instructioo 
until you get it right. 

I 

BufIJo~ 
and more! just caJI! 

CALL · 
DOMINO'S. 

. CAl' Usl 4 'Sl-UCSD 
Minutes from ean.u.1211 HOUDAY COURT 

II am-I am Sun..Thun.. II am-l am Fri.. Sat. OP£N FOR LUNCHI 

• ~ #.! '#J. ~'1 ~ ~ #J. 
I __ 1-T ..... I 10 BUFFALO 11 MEDIuM I 
I I'IDA, TWInY 1 WINGS . 1 2· TOPPING I 

I 5102 ; : -::'!.i9':::''' : .$13" : I~ PIuI.. 1 '1 PM.. 1 flU .. 1 
1 1 1 1 I CALL USI .. u 1 CALL USI ca." 1 CAll US! ca." 1 

451-UCSD. 451.ucsD. 452-UCSD. 1 ... _- _ 1 ... __ _ 1 ... __ ..,_ 1 
._ ..... = '._ .... :;_. :&_.e.o-,It1_. - • 

~------ .. ------ -----_ .. 
. . •• g 

.. .. t'" It 
.. - .............. -;.--.-.-
___ 0.. ..... ....,--.. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunda)" Novembet: 3,1994 

SHUTTLE WAS NOT MEANT FOR COMMUTERS 
EdItor: that a bus can make fourorfive round it caD, the service for whic:b the fees laws. She also said they investigate if 

The Committee for a Free and trips between, say, the East Parking are being coUected. And that's just the companies are ethical. 
Frequent Shuttle is making false Jots and the Price Center in the time what those of III .. ying hundreds of What kind of ethical company 
claims in its campaign for increased ~uired for a single round trip to doUm to park on campusexpoafrom would be causing the destnac:tion of 
service between the Hillcrest Medical HiUcrest. Such local service is, for the UCSD Transportation and Park- an entire ecosystem whic:b wntaina 
Center and the School of Medicine the same money, more beneficial to a ingServices. bumerous diverse plant and anirnal 
("Students Demand Half-Hour larger number of people than a Iong- FioaDy, the very name of Com- species which are teetering on the 
Shuttle," Oct. 24). distance route to a particular deatina- READERS' mittee for a Free and Frequent Shuttle brink of extinction? Does she really 

During my recent brief tenure as a lion in Greater San Diego. Moreover, 

FORUM 
is a misnomer. The unfortunate truth think we wiD KCepI that phone boob 

Gnduate Student Association (GSA) parking-lot shuttles serve the very is that goods and ICrVices are not free, are a fair trade for a major environ-
representative on the Transportation students whose parking fees pay the nor can a committee make them so. mental disaster? 
Policy Committee, I had aa:ess to bills, and not a group of individuals The objective of the HilIaat activ- Swasey also said that "after Iook-
financial and policy documents of the living 10 miles from campus who 1he~ ........... ftamltJlNdIrI. ista is not to make their shuttle free, ing at the evidence, we've found that 
UCSD Transportation and Parking wish not only to save the environ- AlIItIM IIIIIIt be/lO .,..., .,.., 1liiie "... but to fon::c other studenls to foot the Macmillan BIoedeU shares our com-MJed, doc""..".. rd ..., . ..., _ 
Services. Please allow me first to as- ment, but also their own driving and the ~ ID .. ~ IetWfh rd cIarlf¥. Send .. bill; the committee should rename mitment to the environment. .. One 
sure Guardian readers that there is no parking costs. IeIlBfS to: itself accordingly. wonders what kind of a commitment The Gu8nIIan 
such thing as a "net revenue from Indeed, the Hillcrest shuttle was 0pIn/CJn £t6t0t Boris Slutsky she is taking about: Commitment to 
parking permits," let alone one never intended for non-UCS~m- 9500GItIIIn Dr. 03J6 destroy the environment or to elq)loit 
amounting to $4 million, because no ployed wmmuters, but rather for uni- L8 Jolla, CA 92093C3J6 the environment? According to Phone Books Not permit or citation money is diverted versity employees with a business Worth KlIII ... Tr_ Macmillan BIoedeU, its only commit-for non-parking purposes. The sole need to travel frequently between the ing Services is not "supposed to be ment is to log the ancient forest. 
exception is the subsidy ($700,000 in Medical Center and the UCSD School dedicated to slowing down ~nviron- EdItor: Who cares, as long as we have 
1992-93) whjch the driving public of Medicine. As such, the shuttle mental degradation" in San Diego I am appalled to find out that wnvenience at our fingertips, right? 
already pays toward various alterna- should continue to be financed by County. This would be a much too Pacific Bell really thinks it can get Come on, PacBeU,Iet's join in on 
tive-transportation programs, includ- these two entities, and anyone using it sweeping and political agenda for a away with blatantly lying to its cus- the environmental bandwagon and 
ing the Hillcrest shuttle. Many new as a commute vehicle has no reason to small, unelectedbody answering only tomers("CALPIRG Protests Pac Bell start practicing what you preach. They 
parking lots would have been wn- ex peel a free ride. Appeals to the to a university administration. Such Use of Ancient Trees," Oct. 24). boldly display messages for us to re-
structed, and many parking shuttles parking public to once again "pay for matters are best left to the elected Nancy Swasey of Pacific Bell says cycle on the wver. It's about time 
added to the fleet, had there been S4 something that would not directly government at the local, state and that the company investigates Pacific Bell lives up to the message 
million to spare from the annual bud- benefit them" are hypocritical, com- national level, which addresses them whether companies they do business which it sends to its consumers, and 
gel. ing as they do from Hillcrest residents though legislation. A parking bureau- with "abide by the law;" yet starts using recycled paper. Like the 

Secondly, the routeofthe HiUcresl who are themselves notwilljng to pay cracy has no business dabbling in Macmillan Bloedell has be;en con- protesters shouted, we want "forests, 
shuttle is over 10 miles long. It does even for a service they wish to use. social engineering. Its role is simply victed over 10 times for violating not phone booksl" 
not take a rocket scientist to realize Thirdly, TraMpOrtation and Park- to collect the fees and provide, as best various environmental protection CanieCbla 

HYPOCRISY: 
The cover-up 
contintues 
Continued from pac. 4 
Feinstein's alleged wrongdoing. but 
the day after Huffington' announced 
that his wife had paid the taxes for their 
worker, she said, "J have not paid the 
taxes from 1989 to 1990." 

Do you think we're all monkeys? 
Huffinglon is a hypocrite. He has 

based nearly all of his campaign on 
taking a tough stance on illegal immi-
gration into California. Appealing to 
fallibility or ignorance and attacking 
Feinstein does not wver up what has 
occurred. 

Do you disagree with our opinions? 
His campaign plays on the fears of 

Califomia voters-one of these fem 
being that the influx of illegal immi-
grants is draining the state of its re-
sources. But don't let him fool you. 
For all his diatribe on "protecting" 
California's future, he is only inter-
ested in protecting one future - his 
own. 

. Then quit whining, and write us ·a letter. 

• 

-:I·,U,. 
Mandarin & Szechuan Cuisine 

Gourmet Dining at fast food prices 
LM.cb ~ - only $3.99 per peoon. 

Build your own combo plate. Served daily, 11 :30 am-3 pm 

1IAPPr_ Man thru Fri. 3-6 pm-
£1 ~I Beer61Fi1lt 

", .. "., 

at 
~ChefWc#. 

Hops p. 7 
Java Good Time p. 11 

Yaldrnono p. 13 
Domlno's p_ 5 

P.B. Brew p. H2 

NATIONAL SECURITY EDUCATION PROGRAM (NSEP) 

UNDERGRADUATE SCHOLARSHIPS 
FOR STUDY ABROAD IN NON-WESI ERN LOCATIONS 

( Excludes AustralIa, canada, New Zealand and Western Ewope) 

-Developed to assist undergraduates to acquire skills 
and experience In less commonly studied languages 
and cultures 

- Full or partial swards up to: $8,000 ,... ......... 
'18,00,...,.. 

- Awards for freshmen. sophomores. juniors and seniors 
APPUCAnoNS NOW AVAILABLE 

from the Programs Abroad Office 
UCSD International Center 
. (819) 134 .,, 23 

NSEP Scholarship Workshop 
Monday, Nowmber 7th. 3:00 • 4:30 

International Center Conference Room 

Thunda)" No....ber 3, 1994 

CENTER:. 
Proponents seek to 
end 'hostile climate' 
ContInued froIII ..... 1 
viding social, academic and per-
sonal support for students. "As our 
campus and its population have 
grown, we've simultaneously been 
involved in fostering a hospitable, 
warm campus climate," she said. 

Plans for a cross-cultural center 
at UCSD, which, along with Santa 
Cruz and San Francisco, was the 
only UC school without such a cen-
ter, took off last February after the 
Cross-Cultural Coalition (Ccq 
wrote a proposal and held a demon-
stration demanding the center. 

The CCC argued that the UCSD 
population lacks equal representa-
tion of minority students, staff and 
faculty, as well as courses dealing 
with ethnic issuClS, which results in 
a "hostile'" campus climate. 

Previous demands for a center 

wer&rejected by the administration, 
including one made three years 180 
by Concilio, a UCSD Chicano orga-
nization, which advocated a Latino 
center. The Student Affirmative 
Action Committee proposed a more 
comprehensive plan in 1993. How-
ever, it was not until last February, 
after the CCC made its proposal, 
that Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
appointed a task force. 

The task force unanimously ap-
proved the center after reviewing 
the CCC proposal, campus reactions 
as well as cross-cultural centers at 
other universities. Atkinson com-
missioned the steering committee at 
the end of the academic yearto draw 
up the plans for the center, accord-
ing to Associate Chancellor Ted 
Groves. 

The CCC proposal spa~ed cam-
pus debate on the I)eed for such a 
center. Racist graffiti on the eM 
Cafe mural and the controversy sur-
rounding a Nation of Islam speech 
on campus intensified t~e debate. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Proponentaof theccnler referred 
to the painted lWastikas on tbe CW 
Cafe mural of Malcom X and An-
gela Davis as proof of UCSD's need 
for a cultural center, while others 
claimed the center would be exclu-
sionary and would foster segrega-
tion. 

Li terature professor George 
Mariscal, chairman of the steering 
com mittee and member of the ecc, 
explained that the administration 
also initially opposed the center on 
the basis of ex~lusion. With the origi-
nal Concilio proposal, he said, "the 
administration had the viewpoint 
that if the Chicanos have a center, 
then we' d have to get four more, or 
possibly 10 more: tor all the differ-
ent groups. 

"When the ecc got together, 
there were long dIscussions about 
what kind of center it should be," 
Mariscal said. "The decision was 
that it should be cross cultural for all 
these underrepresented groups. This 
was a big step forward in convinc-

ing the administration that it wasn't 
exclusionary ... 

The task force proposed a center 
that would be "available to as broad 
a cross section of students, staff and 
faculty as possible while retaining 
the focus on improving the campus 
environment for underrepresented 
groups." 

Groves agreed, saying, "It is very 
clear that what is being proposed is 
a center that will bring people to-
gether, [regardless) of their ethnic 
backgrounds. It's decidedly not a 
center exclusively for ethnic 
groups." 

Reflecting the broad-based coa-
lition behind the center, the steering 
commillee consists of representa-
tives from the eee, Associated Stu-
dents, Graduate Student Associa-
tion Academic Senate and Staff 
Association as well as the vice 
chancellor's offices of Student, 
Business and Academic Affairs, 
which will jointly fund the center. 

Non-voting members represent 

APPLY TO BE THE NEXT GUARDIAN NEWS EDITOR 

NEWS 7 

the three Chancellor's Advisory 
Committees on Affirmative Action, 
the Status of Women and Lesbian 
Gays & Bisexual Issues, and the 
Office of Religious Affairs. 

The steering committee is con-
sidering cce proposals for the cen-
ter to offer student services, cultural 
exhibits and seminars, outreach pro-
grams and a resource library. 

The vice chancellors agreed upon 
an initial annual budget of$120,OOO 
- $88,000 for staff and $32,000 for 
operating and programming ex-
penses. The figure does not include 
initial setup costs, including the 
$107,000 allocated for renovating 
the center's site, Building 51 0, next 
to the High Bay Physics labora-
tory. 

Mariscal said that although "there 
has historically been opposition to 
the center from certain members of 
the administration, the vice chan-
cellors have been very supportive. 
Any opposition that might have ex-
isted has evaporated." 

SUBMIT CLIPS , RESUME AND COVER LETIER TO: DoUG ALEXANDER, EDITOR IN CHIEF THE UCSD GUARDIAN, ROOM 217 STUDENT CENTER BUILDING A 
ApPLICATIONS DUE By MONDAY, 28 NOVEMBER CALL 534-6580 FOR MORE INFO 

TIlANKS to 
the cooperation of these 

businesses, you can still rip 
out your favorite Guardian 
coupon at any of these off-
campus distribution sites ... 

••••••••• 

=0. c.t.c..na e:.-ra 
~~ 
BIn I Jerry'I 
VCInI 
SpoI1 u.rt 

~ 
== RI*IIIDI 
BI.wen IItgII 
.... AaIIIn 
PIIWIINn 
...... 
To" AnnoInId 

CQMt~ctUNS 
spltWS 
.~~FAR$89 
DISPOSABLE 

~~S$129 
IocWoo ..., 6-pocb 

WJ, tmH Lool (:n) 
1 PAl Bro •• Eyts It Bllt 

Gren Hilel VI.ltl 
pili 3 Mo. D~POs.uu:s 

co:: $169 
tplCiak include Iens., _, 

ra kit and ~ up vi,~. Exp. 12/3/M 
• PIaatIr110HS IIWD 
• GlAssEs IUUCATID 
• COMPt.m m DAMS 

• No APPOINTMINJ NICE$WT 
Sf HAIU EpAHOt 

.tII. 

ueSD Night on fu •• clays 
'IB 1401. .... , with .tudent I.D. 
• American Bistro Cuisine 

All menu item!> undl'r ~IO.OO 

• Fresh beer brewed on site 
• Special Drink Prices 

4 'til6 & 10 'til Close Dililr 

Vnir,.rsi'r lowr,,. COIl,.,. 
4353 La Jolla Village Drive • San Diego, Calirornld 

(6 t 9) j87-6677 

Shed some light ••• 
become the next Student Regent 

Pick up applications at: 
A.S. Offices . 
GSA Office 
College Dean's offices 
Chancellor's Office 
School of Medicine, Student Affairs 
EDNA 

DEADLINE: 

Re~ St ,.,reSe l.IC1ef) 'fit o~ ~O"erf)a~~:ar~~i~~O,Ooo 
Of the e il) th iJf)ill-. e 

.. t:rsity 

November 4, 1994, no later than &:00 pm 
Chancellor'. OffIce 



8 NEWS 

MEDIA: Author 
says for-profit media 
limits free speech 
ContInued ........... 2 
nior citizens' centers. It should be 
taught in every phase of public life 
and public interaction, 

"Just as people circulate voters' 
pamphlets to know about who is on 
the baltot, we should also have the 
chance to take seminars on media 
literacy. People need to be educated 

on how camera angles and lighting 
can come acrosa in promoting ate-
rcocypes, whose interesl is being 
served in this prograinming, and 
who is malingthe profitsanci who is 
not." 

Mazzocx:o has further proposed 
a tax on any company which en-
gages in propaganda. The tax would 
support "free speech media" which 
would eventually compete with 
commercial mainstream media," he 
said. 

"Hopefully representJtion might 

GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
GREAT EXPERIENCE 
GREAT BRITAIN 
& IRELAND 

Academic year abroad through the 
U.C. Education Abroad Prognm (EAP) 

• 'Earn 'U.c. Crdit 
• !FinIlncilll jtU{ ~rJaifJl6ft 

APPLICATION 
'DEADLINE 

FRIDAY, NOV. 4, 1994 
For more InfonNIIIon c.l1534-1123 or 

viall the Prog,. .... Abro.d 0fIIce (EAP/OAP) 
loc:IIted.ln the l.ntll'Nltlonlll Cent. 

The UCSD Guardi_ 

even be electorally based. As you 
have community sc:bool boards, you 
would have community media cen-
ters that would in effec:t pus mus-
ter on propamminland would give 
sugsestions and recommendations 
and engage in lOme sort of sharing 
the responsibility for media," he 
said. 

According to Mazzocco, the 
American public has never really 
known a legiti mate public system of 
broadcasting aside from the Public 
Broadcasting Systems (PBS), which 
he contends has become nearly cor-
porate in the last 10 years. 

"Our entire range of imagination 
of what could be is solely guided by 
what we see now. Even though there 
was initially a huge effort during the 
1920's in having the media remain 
public and educational, corporate 
interests still won out. 

"Today, with all the talk about 
politics, political culture and a cyni-
cal electorate, people feel power-
less. When you have a for-profit 
media in a for-profit society, every-

PICNIC: PAL 
program offers 
mentors for kids 
ContInued from .... 2 
both socially and academically to 
show them that someone cares for 
them." 

Hallgren said the teaching role 
can enhance the mentor relation-
ship. "Kids can love you uncondi-
tionally.lfyou push them and make 
sure they are on track, they'll re-
spect you more," she said. 

First-year Thurgood Marshall 
student Mousqa Katawazi said she 

So 1 'm in the stall, 1 wasn't really looking for any action. and .... 
"l 

0 
... 

"C 
C1I 

"C 
.... 

u 
C1I 

"C 
.... 

! 
... 

C1I 
..c 
... 

>. 
IQ 

~ 
M 
o 

~ 
/I 
.... 

r 
t 
rt 

! 

4rrpJ al\ll 8M I 08 BBrt;) lXlIU lID • .Jo~eq lUll 01 Ba11lUJlll MJ • pwq I 

thing becoma for-profit and a free 
speedI media is a start in the right 
direction towards a little bit more 
balance in our society,· Mazzocco 
said. 

UCSD communications Proles-
sorDan SchiUcr, IIIpeciaiist in com-
munications history, is presendy 
Mazzoa:o's dissertation adviser. 
Schiller said that he believes that 
Mazzocco's book will make a sig-
nifICant impact upon society in the 
areas of communications and labor 
relations: 

"I think it's great that he did this 
book, and at the same time undergo 
the rigors of graduate sc:hool. Den-
nis is on his way to becoming a 
major intellectual ' force in under-
standing broadcasting systems ... 
and he is uniQ!aely well-qualified to 
attempt this 6ecause of his direct 
labor and technical experience," 
Schiller said. 

Mazzocco also spoke on the 
KP~K Pacifica Station in Los An-
geles, a non-profit, listener-spon-
sored radio station, to discuss his 

wanted to make a difference in the 
community. "ltwouldbea waste for 
me to just sit here and leam things 
and not pass on what I have learned, .. 
she said, 

Thurgood Marshall junior Kim 
Hallgren said, "There are a lot of 
kids out there that need someone ... 
as a mentor you give them guidance 
both socially and academically and 
show them someone cares." 

The PAUSummerbridge pro-
gram received over S90,OOO the 
Corporation for National Service, 
known as AmeriCorps, a domestic 
Peace Corps program. In exchange 
for basic living expenses and money 

Thunda)" November 3,1994 

book. 
KPFK's Apprentic:elbip Direc-

tor of Training Man:us Frommer 
said that Networlcs of Power is es-
scntial if one wants to fuUy under· 
stand corporate culture, and that 
Mazzocco truly provides an insider's 
view. 
. "Dennis M'pocrocbronicles the 

history of the Capital Cities-ABC 
merger in much detail, and there is 
an incredible amount of research of 
how corporate media networks have 
direct connections with government 
agencies," Frommer said in the 
KPFK interview. 

"It is brought to you from some-
one who has been inside corporate 
culture who initially had wanted to 
go alt the way to the top but realized 
there was definitely something 
wrong," Frommer added. 

As part of the Groundwork 
Collective's 20th anniversary cel-' 
ebration, Mazzocco will be present 
at a book signing and wine recep-
tion tomorrow. at Groundwork 
Books from 4:30 to 7:30 p.m. 

for education, PAL volunteers act 
as full-time teaching coordinators. 

Through AmeriCorps, the PAL 
program has gained three full-time 
teaching coordinators and 10 part-
time year-round teachers. 

Activities such as Saturday's 
picnic are a chance for the mentors 
to meet the children's families, as 
well as allow the families to learn 
more about the program. Past "en-
richment activities" have included 
trips to the Ruben H. Fleet Science 
Muscum and beach cleanups. 

Students may register for the PAL 
program under the Teacher's Edu-
cation Program, as TEP 130. 

Tbanday, Nov..ber 3, 1994 The UCSD Cuardi_ SPORTS 9 

OUEHTIME P RT~ GREGG WRENN 
RIMACQD 
The Attack 

For a building whose 
purpose is to enhance the 
collegiate experiences of 
UCSD students, the RlMAC 
facility has endured more than 
its fair share of controversy. 
Although the debate surround-
ing the complex was under-
standable when it was put to a 
student vote several years ago, 
the sudden outpouring of 
complaints as it prepares to 
open is puzzling. 

UCSD First Stop to NCAAs 

Th~ fact that the soil under 
RIMAC was sinking over the 
summer is obviously a 
legitimate concern. However, 
these shortcomings have been 
resolved, and while it may 
have been an embarrassment to 
UCSD, which was already 
trying to convince its students 
of the potential of RIMAC, it 
seems that the contractors, not 
UCSD, were the ones to 
blame. 

No, the complaints I am 

HOSTS: Tritons to 
open playoffs at home 
By BrIan K. Hutto 
Senior Staff Writer 

Many national champions have 
claimed that it is far better to be 
lucky than good. However, the de-

fending 
men's soc-
cer national 
titlest Tri· 
tons have 
been both. 
They are 
on track to 
capture 
their fourth 
NCAA na-
tional ban-
ner. 

, referring to are the recent 
arguments about the need for 
R1MAC and the how the 
complex was brought to life. 
Specifically, the editorial that 
which in this newspaper on 
Oct. 6. 

Aft e r 
ending the Imregularseason with 
a dramatic 4-1 triumph over Divi-
sion I power UC Irvine last Wednes-
day, 24th-ranked UCSD (11-6-1), 
which even characterized its own 
chances of qualifying for the select 
field of 32 as SO-SO at best, was se-
lected to host the first and second 
rounds of the 1994 NCAA West 
Regionals this Saturday and Sunday, 
Nov. 5-6. 

y,.,. Zolot.OIfN/GuMJI .. 
.,.,......, Mitt Chilton, who I .... tINt Tritons with 20 poInta, .. the Trttons "ettacklnc fullb8ck." 

The editorial, "RIMAC Fee 
Policy Adds Insult to Injury," 
was full of inaccuracies and 
questionable journalistic 
tactics. The Editorial Board -
of which the sports editor is 
not a part - basically stated 
that RIMAC is a waste of 
money which will offer 
nothing to the students. 

As proof it cites "off-the-
cuff remarks made by person-
nel in the recreation depart-
ment employee [that] agree 
RIMAC will not help UCSD~s 
intercollegiate program." You 
can't base an article on heresy, 
which is exsc:tly what off-the-
cuff remarks are since they are 
not on the record. Perhaps the 
board felt that because this was 
an editorial it could just print 
one anonymous person's 
feelings and not bother with 
cqrroborating those statements 
or getting the person to go on 
record. 

"We were scared we wouldn't 
even make it into the postseason," 
Assistant Coach Ted Pryzylbek said. 
"It was an ultimate break to host. 
We couldn't be any happier with the 
position we are in right now." 

As it stands, Saturday's action 
will feature the 1 lib-ranked 

Claremont College Mustangs (15-
2-1) facing off against the 16th-
ranked Guslies of Gustavus 
Adolphus (14-3-0) at 11 a.m . 
Shortly thereafter, UCSD will lock 
horns with the unranked Colorado 
College Tigers (12-5-2). The win-
ners will meet Sunday at 1 p.m. at 
UCSD's Triton Soccer Stadium. 

"We knew that we deserved to 
be in the playoffs," 
junior defender 
Matt Chilton said. 
"But we also knew 
we had sill losses 
and the [committee] 
hasn't always been 
too ' understanding 
when it comes to 
UCSD. Hosting it is 
a big bonus, but we 
never expected it." 

Secondly, why would 
anyone care what a recreation 
department employee said 
about the intercollegiate 
program? This person does not 
work with intercollegiate 
athletics and wouldn't have the 
faintest idea about how 
RIMAC wu going to affect 

CIIUCII NMelllGuIfdIn 

"Losing [some] 
early games put a 
lot of pressure on 
us, " PfY2Ylbek said. 
"We pretty much 
have the same team 
returning from last 
year, minus [all-
time leading scorer 
Chris) Romey, but 
we've had to work 
very hard to get to 
where we are now. 
Luck always cornea 
into the ' picture 
somewhere and we 

BrIM T_ (23) .. pM of • UCID ..... Id 
See RIMAe, Pale 15 tII8t ....... down CoIorIIdo C ... .. 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
.. • •• uur. 

Hostlrc NCAA Division III Championships - First Round 
Sat., Nov. 5, Gustavus Adolphus VI. Claremont, 11 8.m 

W •••• ' •••••• r: 
At NCAA DIvIsion III RegIon ... , Wlsconsln-Stevens Point 

Sat., Nov. 5, vs. St. MafY's. 10 a.m. 
W •••• '. V ••• "III: 

FrI., Nov. 4, YS. Chapmen It Main Gym. 7 p.m. 
Wi., ..... 

Sat., Nov. 5, vs. Peppenlfne at Cenyonview Pool, 6 p.m. 

got a break in the seedings. This is 
one little advantage to geui ng back 
to a national title." 

If the Tritons continue to play 
like they have in the last few weeks, 
that little advantage may be all they 
need to garner another banner to rest 
alongside those won in 1988, 1991 
and 1993. 

But the 1994 UCSD contingent 
will have nothing 

been easy. "We all knew this team 
had talent, but we had to overcome 
a lot to bring our game up to where 
we are, Injuries to Terlccky and Joel 
[Kosakoff) set us back and we 
lacked confidence, The team 
struggled and the coaches struggled, 
but that shows how much we can 
accomplish as a unit," senior 
midfielder Todd Curran said. 

"We are play-
to do with com-
parisons to past 
championship 
squads, espe-
cially last year's 
Romey-driven 
juggernaut. 

nlJlll Dillision m 
Men's Soccer 
IJtampionship 

ing our best soccer 
yet right now. So 
many people have 
stepped up and are 
playing out of 
their heads. We 
are peaking at the 
perfect time. Not 
much should be 
able to stop us if 
we can keep this 
kind of play up," 
Curran added. 

"We have re-
ally fought to 
prove ourselves, " 
de'fender Nick 
Terlecky said. 
"Having every-
body saying we 
can 'I play with-
out Romey has 
driven us to find 

First Round 

U[~D us. 
I:olorado [Ollege 

Sal,l p.m" NCR 
Tickets: S2 for students, 
S4 General Admission 

The most im-
portant item on 
UCSD's agenda 
will be defense, Al-

our own identity. 
I think we have a better team with-
out Romey, and that's not taking 
anything away from him at all. We 
relied on him so much offensively. 
This year everybody knows they 
have to contribute and any number 
of people can score al any time. As 
a team, we playa lot better soccer." 

But the road to "Wellville" hasn't 

INSIDE: 

w_· • 
... ur. 
The Tritons head 
to their ninth-
consecutive 
NCAA 
tournament, this 
time In 
WI.consln. 

ways the backbone 
of the Triton squads, this year's unit is 
no exception. Senior Mike Yen an· 
chors the stingy backfield, drawing 
the marking assignment of the op-
posing team's best offensive player. 
On Saturday, Yen will see time 
against Colorado's Arron Lujan, 
who has tallied 37 points in 19 

See M. SOCCER, Page 10 



Hope 

M. SOCCER: 
UCSD hosts playoffs 
Continued from .,.,. 9 
games. 

To the sides of Yen, lie mainstays 
Ken Burns and Terlecky. Chilton, the 
team's leading scorer with 20 points, 

, . .'la~ been designated the "attacking 
fullback." 

"Defense is this team 's strength, 
no doubt about it," Terleckey said. 
··Our defense is better than it was last 
year and we are just starting to come 

Laura .!'trn.suin 
q'rina )lrt/i 

Jtman.diJ Cartknas 
Sarali CliLung 
Jaime 'Droztf 
'Erin tJJuffo!J 

Sliannon !Foster 

together. We have all played to-
gether for the last two to three 
years and we know each other and 
how we play pretty well." 

Sophomore goalkeeper George 
Allison has played a tremendous 
role in bringing cohesiveness to 
the defensive unit. Allison has 
blossomed into a very capable 
goalkeeper, amply replacing in-
jured starting senior Michael Mad-
den. 

" It was a struggle in the begin-
ning with (Allison) being new to 
the way we played. There just 

Paula qru6t!r 
Saliar Javatii 
'Erin Jofi.nson 

'lJrarufi Layport 
9(p6inLi 

'TamiLopu 
?(p.7lC!J Smit/i 
Serena~ 

. .. 

DELTA GAMMA 
Congratulates our 

Wonderful New 
.................. Class! 

gflulJp )Ito 
~cliutJ" 
.s~ clin1trum 
lIIM!J 'DuIurdt 
lIIM!Jt;., 
c",., t;1MIMr 
!1NmII1WIa.c 

""~MIun 
~ ... LM 

~U:MIk Mt:C~ 
~!MilUm 
~uur.~ 
~!I'fn1u~ 

~t.sdawltlru 
~usb'1'~ 
JIUUtm 'litJlll 
.,.,., ...w-,. 
LMIIIfWun-., 

The UCSD Gaardiaa 

wasn't any chemistry," Chilton said. 
"But as the year went on, the whole 
team found its chemistry. We all 
know what we are trying to do and 
where people arc supposed to be. 
(Allison) has stepped up and has 
done a great job. " 

Another key to the UCSD's 
chances could be the return of 
Kosakoff to the midfield. Out since 
UCSD's 6-0 win over UC Santa 
Cruz on Oct. 8, Kosakoff is ex-
pected to provide support off the 
bench. Kosakoff 's uncanny ball 
control and knowledge of the game 

could playa decisive role in the Tri-
tons ' playoff Aln. 

"[Kosakoff) controls the whole 
midfield and opens up space for 
everybody else. He could help us a 
lot," Terlecky said. 

Jay Newcomer, Todd Curran, 
Brian Turner, <;hris Fong and Jose 
Ocampo will also see plenty of play-
ing time in the midfield. 

On the offensive front , Nate 
Hetherington, K. Christopher Fujii, 
Shayne Ferber and Erik Waldman 
have been lighting up the 
scoreboards in recent weeks, wreak-

Tilunday, No ........ S, 19M 

ing havoc upon rival defenses from 
every spot on the field. 

" It is time to get ·on with busi-
ness. We hoped to be placed in the 
starter 's gate and we ended up host-
ing," Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
said. 

"We have had a lot of hard games 
this season, so I know we won't be 
taken by surprise. I haven't seen any 
scouting reports, but sometimes 
that's better since we can concen-
trate on what we have to do our-
selves. It's a new season and the 
boys want to have at it," he said. 

MEN' •• ocelll HIGHL1G1118 
TOP SCORERS 
Matt Chilton 

GOALS 
9 

Nate Hetherington 
Joel Kosakoff 

4 
.. 

DATE OPPONENT 
Sept. :2 PoIntLome~ 
Sept. 7 The Master"s 
Sept. 9 Azuu P8cIftc: 
Sept. 10 Cal State Hayward 
Sept. 12 BIoII 
Sept. 17 ClaAlmont 
Sept. 19 PomcInII-f'Itzer 
Sept. 21 Westmont 
Sept. 28 s..hem CIIIfDmII 
Sept. 30 UnMtrlIty of California 
OCt. 2 UCllllllleruz 
Oct. 3 Chrlltlen HeritaIe 
OCt. 8 TrInIIr (lX) 
Oct. 15 Chipman 
OCt. 17 CII .... '!' ... 
Oct. 1S USD 
0Gt.23 

""" MIll ~ III»''' JW" 1tIbor .... ~ .... 1IIW I 
I11III"". ,. NIi. • . _II. 

-

.1 
().1 
()'1 
2·1 
1-2 
2·1 
3-1 
1·3 

1~ 
().4 
80 
1GO 
po 
GO 
30 
2-3 
.. 

ASSISTS 
2 

TOTAL POINTS 
20 I 

Roosevelt College presents 

. a celebration" 

......,. ......... r11 

................... r11 

Students .. FREE 
Staff, FIICUIly and Senlora 110 
,....... ' .,.. ... PrIDe CenIIr lac 0lIl» 

Thunday, No.ember 3,1994 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

1IIe Triton Starting Uneup 
The play'ers scheduled to start Saturday's playoff against Colorado College 
Defense GOillkeeper Forwilrd ' 

Mike Yen, I8IIIor Georp AIIIIon, soph. Nate HetherllIJton, 1Oph. 
TIll ..... 
... No 
matter how 
t.dorhow 
fast, Yen 
consistently 
shuts down 
rIYal offensive 

....KMper: 
Alison has 
blossomed 
ifto Ii 
defensive 
terror for 

opposI~ 
offenses In 

TIll eon. 
IIIIc:k IUd: 

Reboundi~ 
from I~urles 
to both knees, 
Hetherl,.,n's 
scoring 
prowess 

Does the word "CONSULTANT" leave you confused? 

Have you ever wondered how to do market research? 

Fill a void in your curriculum and attend the Export Acce .. 
Market Reaeuch Training Seminar! 

stars with authority; one of the . 
most vicious tacklers In Division III. 

his first season as a starter; has 
recorded five shut outs 

should be II key to UCSO's success 
in this weekend's playoffs. 

Friday, November 4, 1994 12:30-4:30 p.m. 
Robinson Building Complex 

Ken BuI'l1l, Junior Midfield K. Christopher FujII, Jr. 
Mr. ConIIa-
tIIncy: Burns 
always shows 
up at the right 
place at the 

~t1me; 

Jose Ocampo, soph. 
Speed Demon: 
His quickness 
and skillful 
play can strike 
fear into any 
opposing 
defense. Add 
playoff 

Featuring market research and trade specialists, 
Richard Powell, John Norton and Julie Osman 

often plays . 
the role of 

set-up man for the front line in 
UCSO's potent offensive counters. 

~ 
Certainly a 
crowd . 
favorite, 
Ocampo's 
balHlandling 
skills compli-
ment his hot-

experience and there could be no 
stoppi~ this scorirc demon. 

Admission Fee: $10.00 
Refreshments will be served 

For more information, or to reserve a seat, please contact 
Tamara Richardson at 534-7619, or fax to 534-0592. 

We also accept E-mait ExportAcceSS@UCSD.edu 

Nick Terleeky, Junior dog style of play. Erik Waldman, senior 
TIII~r: Todd Curran, senior Scrappy-Doo: 

International Relations 
and Pacific Studies 

Terlecky's 
aegressive 
style puts him 
In the middle 
of most plays 
and makes 
him one of the 

Mr. Clutch: 
Scored 
winni~goal 
in fourth 
ove~time last 
year against 
Roanoake in 
quarterfinals. 

Characterized 
by his 
scrappiness, 
Weidman has 
developed into 
a solid set-up 
man for an 

The University of California, San Diego 

Tritons' most da~ threats. Increaslrc number of Triton goals. 

. Matt Chilton, Junior Jay Newcomer, soph. The COilch 
TIll Runner: 
Not too many 
teams claim a 
fullback as a 
Ieadlng.scorer; 
adeptly covers 
a lot of 
&round. 

At Genentech. we believe that 
creating an environment where 
outstanding science leads 10 
solving problems and discovering 
new, often unexpected, opponu-
niIies Is the most important element 
of our culture. 
SInce our founding In 1976, Genentech 
has marl<eted more products than any 
other bioIechnoiogy company. With the 
highest per employee R&D Investment 
of any publicly held company In the 
U.S., our product pipeline is the 
richest In the industJy. 
GenenIech's contribution to society goes 
beyond the beneftdallmpact of the 
products developed. We are committed 
to our employees and the community at 
1aIge. 1hIs Is 1Ilusaated by the establish-
ment of such diverse efforts as the 
uninsured PaIierus Prognun which 
provides dnIgjs free to those who have 
no insuJance or other means to pay for 
them; Iv:mJs ExceDence, a $10 m1DIon 

T_Guy: 
A YerHike 
midtielder, 
Newcomer's 
tackles have 
been known 
to split 
atoms. 

DINk 
All1IIb orw: 
The Triton 
head man has 
won national 
titles In 1988, 
1991 and 
1993. 

JOIN US ON CAMPUS 
Information session, Tbunday, November 10: ~7:JOpm 

~ Center San Frand8co Room. 
RehIbments wiD be served. 

Iniervlews, Friday, November 11 
Please contact your career Rdourc:es center for additional information. 

program suppoIting high school biology 
teachers; and endorsement of diverse . 
employee groups incIudJng Women In 
8iosdence, African Americans In 
8lotechnoIogy, Gay and LesbIan sup-
port group and ochers. As w~ continue 
10 move life-saving products Into the 

~ of those who need them, we 

seek people who will excel in our 
stimulating environment 
If you have a degree in the life sciences 
or chemlcallbioengineering. learn more 
about our growing industJy as well as 
our exciting enay-Ievel opportunities 
In the San francisco Bay Area within: 

Genentech, Inc. 

La 93-0519 

• Manufacturing 
e Process Sciences 
e Quality AsSwance 
e Quality Control 
e Research 

Post-Doctoral opportunities are al<;o 
available. 
Genentech offers an exceptional 
benefirs package which Includes fully 
paid medicalldentaVvision coverage 
for you and your dependents, and 
free health club membershlp. If unable 
to meet with us on campus, send 
your resume to Genentech, Inc", 
Human Resources, Dept. SA-UCSD. 
460 Point San Bruno Blvd., South San 
Frandsco. CA 94080. As a part of the 
Genentech commitment to diversity. we 
actively support and promote affinna-
live action and equal employment 
opportunity. We encourage minorities 
and women to apply. 

• 



/. 

., 

I • 

12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Cllardiaa 

FREE MONEY FROM PRIVATE 
CORPORATIONS AVAILABLE 
NOWI All active students qualify 
for these grants. No special 
requirements. Call today: (619) 
431-1907. (11/3-11/14) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Screen actor's workshop. Work 
on camera with 20 year 
professional. $5.00 per hour. 
Class limit 12. Cardiff. Reserve 
now! 634-2436. (11/3-11/14) 
Hey It's almost THANKSGIVING 
and so, "if you can" ADOPT A 
FAMILY it's really COOL (11/3-
11/14) 

Classified advertising is sold in 20-worrJ incmnents. The rate per 20 Mads is $2 for· 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and SfIljJ, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads 11UISt be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. T1rursdDy for Monday's 
issue, and~ p.m Monday for T1rursdDy:t issue. The Guardian ~ therighl to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
caU534-5416. MaiJingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn: C/assijieJs, 9500GilmtmDrive, 
0316, LaJolkl, C4 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenJer A, top floor. 

Work or study in ' Africa. EAP/ 
OAP information session. 
Thursday November 3, 1 :30-3 
p.m. in The International Center 
Conference Room. (11/3) 
UCSD ICE HOCKEY VB. OCC, 
Saturday 11/5at4 p.m .. Location: 
SOIA. For directions call 530-
1826. FREEl (11/3) 
Interested in AUSTRALIA? 
House a visiting Australian 
University student this January. 
Great way to make contacts. Call 
ROSS 274-0763 (10/31-11/3) 

Master bedroomlbath $400 mo. 
for one or $250 mo. each for two. 
Close to beach & fairgrounds. 
Give us a Calli Sarah and Kelly at 
481-8305. Avail January 3. (11/ 
3-11/10) 
ROOMMATEWANTEDfor2BR, 
2.5BA Cambridge Condo 
available 11/15. Laundry, garage, 
$6251month. Walk to UCSO. 535-
0985. (10/31 -11/28) 
SUBLET. Fall term only. Large 
South Mesa 2-bdrm apt. Semi-
furnished. $575/month. Cal54&-
9129/1v. message. (10/31-11/7) 

The A~erlcan Association of . Roommat ed MaleIfemaIe Un~ty of ~omen, bru~ Eastgate :='" Are&. 3 bedroom' 
meeting to d,scuss electIon 2 1/2 bath Washer/d Ipori 
Issues, 10:00 a.m., ~turday, Ukes cats 'non-smokerry&r$350 ~ 
November 5, ~apotnt H~tel: 1/3ut1l~. 552-8228(10/31-11/ 
4975 Harbor Dnve, InformatiOn. 10) 
282-3955 (10131-11/3) _______ _ 
. VOLUNTEERI Improve the 
quality of life for children at risk of 
abuse and neglect. Caring 
Individuals are needed now. 
Contact Karen, Home Start at 
692-0727. (10/24-11/3) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED ASAPI 
Must see! Mira Mesa house, 
laundry, garage, prefer someone 
quiet, M/F. $275 a month/$250 
deposit. 689-4787. (11/3-11/7) 
Solana Beach, $1150 (6-mo. 
1ease),3br,21/2 ba, gar +space, 
WID, FIP, fenced patio, pool, avail 
early December. 755-1264. (11/ 
3-11/7) 
Solana Beach, $750 2 bedroom 1 
1/2 bath 2 story condo,. newly 
painted, near race-track, no pets 
(714) 348-1424. (11/3) 
University City 2 bedroom, 1 bath 
condo, upper unit near park, 
clean, carpet like new, no pets 
(714) 348-1424 (11/3) 
1or2frlendlyfemaJeroommate(s) 
wanted for winter & spring quarter 
for great place in Solana Beach. 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-sAVE 
rent Dollars. Near UCSD 
CONDOS 1 brs$80,OOO+, 3 brs. 
$140,000+, HOUSES 
$190,000+. Good Financing. 
Pacific Beach-SAIL BAY 
Townhouse 3br/3 ba $199,500. 
Discounts: see Ad UCSD 
Student/Faculty/Staff Directory 
page 5. Info anytime: Re/Max 
Assoc. Judith HADDOX 275-
2618. (10/27-11/17) 
Room for rent in large home with 
canyon view near UCSO. $325/ 
mo. + 1/4 utilities. 455-6711 (10/ 
27-11/7) 
House for rent. San Marcos 3 
bedrooms, 2 baths, view, new 
carpet & paint. $950 per month. 
714-786-4943 (10117-11/10) , 
FREE UTIUTIESI 2 bedroom, 2 
bath, N. Clairemont, 6 minutes 
from UCSO, clean, quiet, ONLY 
$645/month utilities Included. 
Lucas 270-3532. (10117-11/10) 

F'IPl.o, '11-.\ r 
BANK OF AMERICA has 
immediate part-time teller 
positions available. We: offer 
ftexibleschedules (upto 19 houri 
per week) starting at S6.71/hr. 
Customer service and cash 
handling experience is helpful. 
Applications may be obtained at 
your nearest branch location (11/ 
3) 

r.--------., 1 Iq 1.,lIdi •• Ir larl' 1 
: '::;~~i ~·F· le

H
, I EleCIEdl : 

1.1 .... -- 1 
--..,-1-·...... -I _000_ 

1_·_ · . 1 ~. 11m",. '" .' 
• J 1 

25% 1 
OFF I 

.I:11III 1 
DIIIIII 1 

.J,p1-06JO I 11 JIiIa CIiII, rna IIegIrIIIIIGId I I SII. 111111 .... Yn ShoppIng c.. 1 
Euradp dHC> 

) 

PART -TIME National 
telecommunications firm has 10 
openingsfor Sales Reps. Flexible 
hours. No experience required. 
Will train. Earn up to S5OO/Week. 
Part-time. Call for Interview. 259-
5335. (11/3-11n) 
WSntedllllndlvidualsandStudent 
Organizations to Promote 
SPRING BREAK '95. Earn 
substantial MONEY and FREE 
TRIPS. CALL INTER-CAMPUS 
PROGRAMS 1-800-327-6013. 
(11/3-11/21) 
Models, experienced or not, part-
time work, proximate 1oc:aIions, 
car helpful - slim to athletiC, 
excellent pay. Cal 284-5095. (11/ 
3-11/10) 
Banana Republic UTC looking 
for energetic Individuals for 
seasonal employment. Sales, 
stock poeition8. Contact NIcole 
or Kate at 55+0180. (11/3-11/7) 
Make QUICK EASY money 
without the hard work. No boa8es 
or employeesl PIT or FIT. C8JI 
Jennifer for more Information 
(619) 450-4429. (10/31-11/14) 
IN T E R N. A T ION A L 
EMPLOYMENT Make up to 
$2,OOO-$4,OOO+/month teaching 
basic conversational English 
abroad. Japan, Taiwan, and S. 
Korea. Many employers provide 
room & board + other bell8fits. 
No teaching background or Asian 
languages required. For more 
Information call: (206) 632-1146 
ext. J59762 (10/27-11/21) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING 
Earn up to $2,OOO+/month 
working on Cruise Ships or Land-
Tour companies. World travel 
(Hawaii, Mexico, the caribbean, 
etc.) Seasonal and FUll-Time 
employment available. No 
experience necessary. For mora 
information call 1-208-$34-0468 
ext. C59762. (1orn-1 ~/10) 
SKI RESORT JOBS Hiring for 
winter quarter. Up to $2,000+ In 
salary & benefits. SkVSnowboard 
Instructors, 11ft operators, walt 
staff, chalet staff, + other 
positions. Over 15,000 openings. 
For more Information call (206) 
634-0469 ext. V59761. (10/27-
11110) 

Creative Worship 
By & For Young Adults 

This is not y,our 
parent's church! 

Sat: 6:30-7:30 PM 

Church of the 
Good Samaritan 

4321 Eastgate Mall 
(2 bI. N of UTC Mall) 

Information and rides can: 
458-1501 

MOTIVATED INDIVIDUALS 
WANTED 1 Ocistributor poeitions 
left. ($25 cash upon oompIetion 
of application prot a s. Earn up to 
$700). Our Doctor recommended 
nutritional products increase. 
energy, curb your appetite and 
stop your cravings for sweets. 
Call PINNACLE-SYATT 
ENTERPRISES AT 1-800-PIN-
A-CUL (10127-11/17) 
EXTRA INCOME FOR '1M Earn 
$500-$1000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. For details - RUSH 
$1.00 with SASE to: Group Five, 
57 Greentree Drive, SuIte 307, 
DoYer, DE 19901. (10120-119) 
Now hiring Rcu1d Table Pizza 
PrIce Center. FlexIble hours day 
and right shifts available. Come 
in to apply. (10120-11/3) 
PaId Management Internship -
Be trained In mktg, sales, 
interviewing, motlvatlon,'-
CU810mer relatlona, etc. Earn 
rni1Inun$2,5OO-$1OKmanagillg 
a branCh of Student Works 
Painting. Most hiring will be 
complete by Nov for spring! 
Slimmer positions. Cell (800) 394-
6000 for info. (10/17-1211) 
SUbjects wanted for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
.......... Chlneu,orKOI'Mn. 
Am.rlcan-born mal., call 
Scripps Research for more 
information. 554-7240. Subjects 
reimbursed. (10110-12/1) 
Paid Management Internship -
Be trained In marketing, sales, 
interviewing,.. motivation, 
customer relations, etc. Earn 
minimum 2,500~ 10K managing 
a branch of student works 
painting. Most 'hlring will be 
~plete by Nov for spring! 
summer positions. Cell (800) 394-
6000 for Inforrndon. (10110-12/ 
1) 
_EARN EXTRA CASH _ Bea 
bIoodIpIaama donor, PYRAIIID 
BIOLOGY CORP San 0ieg0288-
4011, San Ysidro 880 4434 ~ 
20-12/1) 

FOJ:~\LI. 
BEER GAMES For 40+ new 
d!lnking games send $4.95 

Sherry 
where are 
lOU? 

I met you lit the John Md 
o.nH •• o"" •• n~ 
were dreIIed~. II tiger. You',. 
an adminillb llllve Meiatant lit 
UCSO Md ...,. II 8-year old 
da9*' named NaMIIe(7) . . 
I was II Mighty Duck hocby 
player who moved II little too 
hMd. . 

PIIMe *10 we '*' have 
lunch. 
I...cnn ~21120 (alb) 

_1205 (home) 

. Thunday, Noyember 3,1994 

SASE: PM' lMkIn, P.O. Box 
810582, San Diego, CA 92121. 
(1113-1117) . 
Thanklgivlng tiCket San DIego to 
San Joee November 24 4:45, 
returning November 28 11 :45 
a.m. $72. 794 4086 ErIc (11/3) 
WETSUIT for sale. VIctory em./ 
med fulisult 312. Good atItching, 
no tears. $50.00 Cell Brian @ 
677-9932. (1113-11/7) 
1988 Volkswagen-Karmann-
GhIa. Red. RlnI great. Perfect 
student car, · fun and cheap to 
operate. Must sell $2OOOIobo. 
Chrls683-7804or534-5818. (11/ 
3-11/7) 
Plymouth Horizon '79, 55K, 
reliable get-about, warranteed 
tires; $7001000. 27D-8770. (11/3-
11/7) 
The UCSD Bike Shop has 
excellent deals on '94 model 

. bikes, bike accesaories, rentals 
and repairs. Come check It outl 
(11/3-11/28) 
1985 Toyota P/U. 20k miles on 
rebuilt qne, new clutch and 
tires. 4 cyi, 4 speed. $2,5001000. 
452-8466. (1113-1117) 
Kenwood Portable CD Player. 
Top of the line, car kit, home kit, 
remoI8, OSP, ~l8ra11Ot8, 
etc. $185/ObO. Dave 273-9696 
(11/3) 
Honda CRX. 1985,2drJhalch,1tn/ 
fm cass., 5 apd., 4 cyI. $2,6001 
000. C81558-1885. (1113-11110) 
Macinto8h Powdook 180c for 
sale, 4MB RAM, 180 MB + HD. 
Color monitor, IntamaI modem. 
System 7.1, WooJ, Power + more. 
C8rrying bag Inciuded, 8XQ8I1ent 
condition. 558-0767. (10131-11/ 
14) 
SO" lV, Mltsubishl Big"Screen, 
front pI'Ojection, wood encasing, 
in good condition, great for 
moviesIspot1 games; $35O/0b0. 
550-9674. (10/31-1117) 
Macintosh Pkwfor sale. 4MB ram, 
40MB external HD, System 7.1, 
word, excel, greatl $450. Printer, 
Image Writer II $170.450-9615. 
(10/31-11/7) 
Macintosh Powerbook, 4 MB 
RAM/40 MB HD, Lots of software, 
System 7.1, word, .xcel, $895. 
StyIewriter II, $220. 453-6057. 
(10131-11fJ) 
Naked and Waltlngl Loaded 
4860X-33 computer w/SVGA (1 
MB). Already running SUP. 4MB 
RAM, 2x130 MB HD (nmlng 
Stacker). Doe, Windows, many 
appIicaIioilI. Me. 8IIN727 (101 
31-11/3) 
Double bed. GreatCOlIdltlon. Box 
spring and fram • . $65.00. 
Macintosh Dot MaIrIx PrInter only 
$50. Must .... MovIng call 677-
9809. (10131-11/10) 
1 year old C8nyonvIew bike, 10 
speed $75. Zetra RoilerbIades, 
like new $8OIobo. Call VIcki: 25e-
78n. Must 8811. (10/31-11/7) 
HP COLOR INKJET 
CARTRIDGESI High capacity, 
three color cartridge (magenta! 
yellow/cyan) for Hewlett Packard 
Desklet 310/5OOC/55OC/560C 
andDeskwriter~ 
printers (and many more). In 
original packaging, NEW. ONLY 
6 LEFTlI2I each or 2 for 1411. 
C811622-1882. (10124-12/1) 
1884 Honda Interceptor 500 with 
rebuilt engine, ,.. full fairing, 
extra carbur8tor, helmet, bike 
COYer, II for lust "350. 455-
8800 ext. 228. (10124-1117) 

'I'luanday. Noy __ 3, 1994 

Improve your memory, 
conc:albilllOl'l, energy, booIIyow 
Immun. system thru proven 
hypnoei8. EricPemper784 4086. 
(11/3) 
PUBLISHING SERVICES -
R6.um's, busln... card., 
announc.ments, and mor.1 
CreatIve, professional. quality 
layouts; quality, timely 1IMce. 
SpecIal student rates! Mb 822-
9079. (10131-11/7) 
PROFESSIONAL RESUMES, 
letter8andtermpapers. Bealwcrd 
prefaa.lng 88I'Yice8atoornpelllve 
rates. Accurate, fast and 
guaranteed 18II8faction. AIHrf 
558-7614. (10/31-11/28) 
Need a TV, VCR, or other 
el.ctronics repaired? Visit 
AmerIcan lV-VCR Repair. High . 

pwIII_d. 1 ~7-FUGHT. (91 
20-10124) 
WORD PROCESSING 
SERVICESAnylizejob, any type 
of job. Call Carat 481-6384. ~ 
20-12/1) 
WRITING PROBLEM? 
Profesaional writer with 350 
publication credits oIferw eIhIcaI 
asslstanc. with any writing 
project. Also word-processing, 
editing, tutoring, critiquing, etc. 
Over 25 years academic 
experience. Bill Delaney 966-
1641. (9120-119) 
CREDIT REPAIRI Have bad 
aadIt? Fbc yotJ'aadIt IegaI¥ FrM 
Information packet. Leave name 
and address on machine or with 
representative. 622-1882 (9120-
12/1) . 

\\ \\1"1-:1) 
QualIty Service. call 293-n07. Occasional house/pet sitter 
(10/27-11/3) needed for my house in Del Mar 
Need help with writing skills? 
Problems with English 
requirement? I have advanced 
degrees In language from U.C. 
and charge reasonable rates. Call 
536-9393 Anne. (10124-11/3) 
Stressed? Try a Therapeutic 
massage by UCSD Nurse-
massage Therapist. Home and 
office appointments available. 
Massages make great gifts. 929-
8262. (10120-11/3) 
COMPUTER REPAIRS in your 
home, dorm or office. PC/ 
Macintosh, hardware/software . 
Also, custom Unix installation. 
Student discounts I Mike 622-
9079. (10/31-11/7) 
MACINTOSH INSTRUCTION, 
consulting and troubleshooting. 
Individual or group lessons. 
Flexible hours. Mike 792·9622. 
(10120-1119) 
UCSD MEDICAL CENTER at 
Hillcrest needs h,althy 
volunteers, ages 18to 50, fora2 
hour "Eyeblink Study.· $10 plus 
parking will be provided. Call 
Pattie at 543-2314. (10110-11/28) 
Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, 
letters, applications, resumes. 
Accurate/Fast/Confidential 
service. MaryAnn 452-9439. (10/ 
3-12/1) 
Alexander's Electrolysis and Skin 
Care Clinic: Facial Waxing & 
Electrolysis, 3262 Holiday Ct. 
'220, 1/2 block off campus. 558-
0888 (1013-11/3) 
AIRUNE FUGHT ATTENDANT 
JOBS. New book reveals secrets, 
tells how. Updated and 

area which is home to 3 cats, 1 
Dalmatian, and a bird. Usually 2-
3 days at a time . Must be 
responsiblel. Cheryl 793-1115. 
(11/3) 
FUNDRAlSING Choose from 3 
diffarentfundraiselS lasting either 
3 or 7 days. NQ investment. Earn 
$I for your group plus personal 
cash bonuses for yoursetf. Call 1-

800-932~28: ext. 65. (11/3) 
Help wanted: Attorney needs 
part-time secretary. 
Approximately 8 hours a week. 
Mornings $6/hours. Solana 
Beach. Word Perfect5.1. Flexible 

. holn. Joe Auerbach 931-6998. 
(11/3-11/10) 
Turf Control seeks motivated 
buslnesastudentstoobtaln .... 
txptrIence while earning good 
Incomel Hours are flexible. 
Contact Joel for more Info 466-
5336. (11/3-11/10) 
HAVE YOU EXPERIENCED 
STINGING, BURNING, OR 
ITCHING FROM USING 
COSMETICS OR SKIN CARE 
PRODUCTS? EARN _I Skin 
care research company adjacent 
to campus seeks paid volunteers 
to test anti-Irritant ingredients for 
cosmetics. Also test skin 
rejuvenating products and 
ingredients. $20 paid for 
screening visit; ($25 paid for 
Saturday screenings). Begin by 
filling out a questionnaire and 
participating in cosmetic 
sensltMty testing lasting under 1 
hour. If you qualify, you will be 
invited to participate weekly and 
EARN MONEY ON AN 
ONGOING BASISI Research 
only; you will not be invited to buy 
anything. Guaranteed non-

The UCSD Cllardiaa 

1nvI8tve; no drugs, no needles. 
Comfortable environment. C8J1 
.,.7070x175IMMEDIATEl Y 
to r8881'V8 your appointment 
for queatlonnalre completion 
and screening. (1113-1117) 
BabysitterWanted: Lookingfor 
creative, energetic person to 
care for 2 active preschoolers. 
1-2 aft.rnoons, plus some 
evenings. Call 759-2238. (10/ 
31-11128) 
Looking for acoustic band to 
play for a coffee house for free 
exposure. Call Cindy at 558-
8349. (10131-11m 
Are you ready to discover a 
newyou? I'm looking for models 
for my makeov.r portfolio I 
Receive a complimentary facial 
and glamour makeover and a 
photo of your new look. Contact 
Kamin Bell, Independent Mary 
Kay Beauty Consultant, 420-
3578. (10/24-11/3) 
TW1NSllfyou., ... ~1 
or fr.t.rn.1 twin, pl .... 
partlclpat. In a UCSD 
P.ychology .xp.rlm.nt. 
P.rtlclpant. will b. 
mon.tarlly compen •• t.d. 
Call J. La,..., at 530W283. 
(10/17-12/1 ) 
Subjects wanted for a study on 
alcohol's effects. If you are a 
J.p.n.... Chin ... , or 
Kor.an, Am.rlcan·born 
male, call Scripps Research 
for more information. 554-7240. 
Subjects reimbursed. (10/1 0-
12/1) 

·Sn"-HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
XOX -Zimony of Sn. (1113) 
S.J.J. - Thanks for the last 2 
weeks of complet~ attention -
Pro bowler (1113) 
Robbie-l yeamfor your puke-
green Gremlin. Love, Annette. 
(11 {3) 
JodiZ.-lplanonwritingsoon, 
hanginthere!(bythewayhope 
all is well) All smiles (SAM.) 
Thank God MID-TERMS ARE 
OVER (11/3) 
Society for Creative 
An.rchronllm will meet 
Sunday, November 6, from 7-
10 p.m. at Gallery A in Price 
Center. Call Jennifer at 284-
6286 or Tania at 558-0823 for 
questions. (1113) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

-NEW PATIENT SPECIALI-
. Costa q,Jertfe·fJ)entistrg 
"- ~ :$45~ 

~_" EXAM, 
'\, CLEANING & 

/. • X-RAYS .... MIg) 
• COSMETIC" FAMILY DENTISTRY" ORAL SURGERY 
• We're open evenings and weekends! 
• Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
• Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office ! 
• Straighten teeth without braces 
• Special introductory offer- $150 teeth whitening (per arch) 
• 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

• Plenty of free parlcing! 

CALL US FOR 
AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
8650 Genesee Ave., Suite 312 

w. accept moat inlllrance plans gnd mosl major credit cordi 

I I 
I USHI DAILY SPECIALS I 
I Y"K.MONO lBest Teriyaki in Town· I I Japan ••• • Fooo'· I 
I I ! ~~~~§tl!~~~ $ 3~;~. ! 
I DINNER HoI dd :up .... oIIw. nat indodod 1M doot.t orct- I 

-

: YAK I M 0 N 0 JAPANESE RESTAURANT : t.. 
I New LocAtimllf 452·4255 I 
I 7T}j, R~ts Rd. 7420 CJairemonl Mesa Blvd. r .............. We.... I I (V0II5 Shoppi"g Cmtd) Ibdw. Convoy & RMffrrer) -"'II -
L HOUIS< 1t:30 .... ,.1Ma·1hwLI.ll:30_IO ... ,..&s.t.!.s-9..... ...1 
--------------------

.... 

ELIJAH WOOD . KEVIN ~ 
.......... 

RIIII •• _ OIE,.. 
..... ,.-

_1iII=t· ....... 1I 
..... +.: 7I"~ - - - ~- - .... , 

OPENS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 4m 
AT A TIIEAm NEAR You. 



~ , 

I • • 

(4 , 

14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardiaa Tbunda't November 3 t 1994 

UCSD to Milk Foes in America's Dairyland 
NCAA REGIONAL PLAYOFFS: Tritons will travel to frigid Wisconsin 
this weekend for their first step on the road to NCAA Final Four 
Bye ... w ..... 

C~ports Editor 
Looking for its fourth-straight 

regional title, and maybe some: nice: 
sharp cheddar u well, the UCSD 
women's soocc:r team left early this 
morning for Wisconsin and the: first 
stop on the road to a possible na-
tional title. 

country and comes into the game 
with a 16-2-1 record. Host Stevens 
Point is 10-2-2 and ranked 12th, 
wbile Wilmington is the seventh 
ranked witb a 19-2 record. 

This year's postseaon is unusual 
even before it stana for UCSD. De:-
spite being undefeated and the top-
ranked team in the country, the: Tri-
tons were expecting to play in a pre-
liminary round game yesterday. 
Because of financial restrictions, the 
NCAA rarely sends more than one 
California team to regional playoffs 
held back East. 

UCSD finds itlelfwithu 
UDeXpec:Ied week off. 

The Tritons' Saturday 
opponent, St. Mary's, is~ 
ullknown facotr to UCSD, 
although the Tritona did 
beat the Warriora in the 
1991 regional playoffs. 
The Warriors are 16-2-1 
on the season and are 
coming off a huge 4·1 
upset over Gustavus 
Adolphus in yesterday's 
preliminary-roud game at 
Gustavus. 

The Tritons, 11-0-3 on the sea-
son and currently tied with Trenton 
State for the top ranking in the na-
tion, will start their championship 
drive at the University of Wiscon-
sin-Stevens Point, host of tbis year's 
regional playoffs. The Tritons will 
face St. Mary's, a 4-1 winner over 
Gustavus Adolphus in yesterday's 
first-round playoff game at 
Gustavus. UCSD will play at 11 
a.m. PST on Saturday, while 
Stevens Point will take: on 
Wilmington (OH) in the early game. 
The winners will play for the re-
gional title at 10 a.m. PST on Sun-
day. 

As a result, UCSD, wbich is one 
of only tbree teams invited to all 
nine Division III women's champi-
onships, usually ends up playing a 
Wednesday game against nemesis 
Cal Lutheran to determine who will 
go to regionals. 

Not that UCSD really 
cares about who it plays. 
"It doesn't matter to us, its 
just another team. If we GI'III WlWM/GuaI*! 
play our game, it doesn't c.In ........ UCID ......... ...., ... 101M JOod IIounoee .......... 

The Tritons' Saturday opponent, 
St. Mary's, is ranked 15tb in the 

This year, however, Cal 
Lutheran shot itself in the foot with 
six losses, including a 3-0 trounc-
ing at the hands of the Tritons. And 
with no other California teams mak-
ing strong cues for the postseason, 

matter who we play" said Triton 
senior Dawn Lee before learning 
who she: woul~ face: Saturday morn-
ing. 

As for the other two teams, 
Wilmington looks like it may pose 
the biggest threat to UCSD. Among 
its 19 victories is a 3-0 win over 

WOMEN'. SOCCER H..a.IGIIIS 
TOP SCORERS GOALS ASSISTS ' TOTAL POINTS 
C81n Pugh 8 6 22 I 
Ele Johnson 8 2 18 
Dawn Lee 3 11 17 
Carrie Peer 4 5 13 
Lauren Johnson 6 1 13 

DATE OPPONENT SCORE 
Sept. 1 Cal8eptIst 30 
Sept. 11 Pomona-Pltzer 2-0 
Sept.1ot CII f'oIY"Pamona .1 
Sept. 17 San Francisco St. 1·1 
Sipt.1t UC Santa Cruz 
Sept. 26 Claremont ~ 
OCL3 or&.l\flme s.4O 
Oct. 5 Azusa Pacific 4-0 
Oct. 7 WIItmOIIt 1-1 
Oct. 11 Cal State Fullerton 1'() 
Oct. USC 00. 
Oct. 19 Southern California 7·1 
Oct. 23 California LuIherIn 30 
Oct. 29 Chapman ~2 

Stevens Point, which Wilmington 
plays on Saturday. Stevens Point, on 
the: other hand, beat St Mary's 3-1. 
The Pointers are led by Erin 
Leinweber who paces the team with 
nine: goals and 23 points. 

The Tritons' main worry illl't so 
much who they'll meet on the field, 

u it is the shape of 
the field itself. 
Weather in Wis-
consin at this time 
of the yesr is not 
exactly conducive 
to soccer. Although 
it was relatively 
balmy with bighs 
in the low 60s ear-
lier this week, fore-
casts for the area 
this weekend pre-
dict highs around 
30 degrees with a 
possibility of rain 
or snow. 

Obviously, 
UCSD is not really 
accustomed to cold 
weather, but the 
Tritons did win last 
year's regional title 
in Minnesota de-
spite conditions 
more suitable to 
dog-sled racing 

' than soccer. The 

Dominic Lobbia/ Guard/lit! 
cold' and snow 
would actually be 

• 

Students, Stafl a Faculty are invited to be.p ·with the 

Recreation Intramural Athletic Complex 

r 0 l~fqnl J~j 
••• UARY· .... 

To join one of the planning subcommittees, please call: 
-PUBLICITY - - - - - - - . . - - - - . - - - -Jan or Darcy· 534-4037 
-YOURS, , , - , . - - , _- , . - - , - , . Chuck Gormley· 534-4037 
-RiBBON·CUmNG CEREMONY _ . _ _ .Glgi Hlynor· 534-6388 
-ATHLETIC EVENTS - . - - - - - - - - - - . Judy Sweet· 534-4211 
-NON-ATHLETIC EVENTS _ _ _ ___ Lynne PctcrIOn • 534-4091 

more detrimental to the Tritons' 
style of play than to the players 
themselves. 

UCSD likes an attacking 
gameplan with plenty of long-balls 
and sideline runs. Miserable 
weather will slow that attack down 
and force: the Tritons into a more 
defensive battle with Midwestern 
teams that prefer that style all year. 

"It an depends on the weather," 
UCSD Head Coacb Brian 
McManus said. "Last year, in the 
cold, it wu just a lot of kick and 
run and survival of the fittest. If it's 
cold, this year should be the same. " 

The players had differing views 
on the weather. "Last year, wben we 
played in Minnesota, it was so cold 
parts of me wanted to fall off," 
sophomore Ele Johnson said. 

"Last year, we got really pumped 
up because the other teams were 
teasing us and saying tbat we ' 
couldn't play in the cold because we 
were from California," Lee said. 

A problem UCSD can control is 
pre-game jitters. While they have 
only three seniors on the roster, the 
Tritons' juniora have plenty of play- ' 
off experience:. "I don't get really 
nervous until just before the game. 
The key is to not think about this 
game u if your life depended on it 
Then you just put everything else 
out of your mind and got through 
your normal routine to keep your 

See W. SOCCER, Page 15 

I Gourmet 
I Hand i!pp.ecI 
: CONE 

I 
I 
I 
I 

! 59C : 
I .... 1.1.: 
I ...... 0....... I \MtI ..... __ ..... ..,_ ..... 
L ................ t"1~ . ..I 
.--------

60,000 EYES 
.. the ...... 
......... 

........ 1-, •••• 

Thunday, N ........ S, 19M The UCSD Gaardiu 

...... IM ..... wag ........ auRlT ..... 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons to invade 
dairyland Regionals 
CoIItInued ......... 14 
focus on aoccer," junior Diana 
Mucbowski said. 

After bitterly disappointing 
losses in the Jut two Final Fours, it 
would be understandable for the 
team to be Iookina put the regionals 
for redemption at the national semi-
final •. "We're not looking ahead. If 
we lose, that's it, 10 that can't hap-
pen. We just focus on the next 
pme," Mucbowski said. 

"Saturday'. game is as mucb a 
dlampionship game as the Final," 
Lee said. 

"It comes down to this: This 
team can have a four-game season, 
if they want it, "McManus said. "Or 
a one;~ season. It depends on YriMIM ZoIotMv/GuIIUI 
how much they want it" lie Job ... '- UCSD'. NCond I ........... wtt1118 points. 

RIMAC F iI' for every election that takes place : ac lty on this campus. Do only athletes 
not a waste of money walk witbin SO feet of the Main 

Gym? Is there an electrified chain-
ContInued .... ..... • link fence: with gun towers and signs 
intercollegiate teams. You wouldn't that state "Athletes Only Beyond 
uk Padres manager Bruce Bochy This Point'" tbat I missed some-
about why the Chatprs' 3-4 align- ' where? 
ment has been 10 suc:c:essful stop- If you want to make: this argo-
ping the run, would you? ment, you better remove the poll-

Thirdly, and this is pure specu- ing booth from outside the Price 
lation on my part, I really don't be- Center to keep them damn fraterni-
lieve that anyone in the rec:roation ties and sororities from throwing the 
department actually said that. After elections u well. 
having covered this story for two This leads into the next point 
years now and knowing how about UCSD democracy in action. 
RlMAC hu been such an immense Critica of RIMAC claim that be-
project for both the athletic and rec- cause only 21 percent of the cam-
reation departments, I simply cu't pus voted, the final result doesn't 

..... hom how anyone associated with Count because the 10.9 percent who 
the project would bad mouth it at voted for RIMAC does not <:om-
this stage in the game. prise a majority of students. 

Finally, why wouldn't RIMAC Well, if you're going to follow 
help intercollegiate athletics? Its this logic, start getting rid oftheA-S. 
facilitiea are 10 timea better than government Last year, oilly six per-
those currently in use on this cam- cent of the student body voted in the 
pus. And it's not jut Inten:oUeaiate studeDt-government elections. The 
athletics whicb will prosper. vice president won with 181 votes. 
RlMAC wiu be most beneficial to One-hundred eighty-one votes is 
the thousands of intramural and rec- hardly a majority. 
reational athletes at UCSD who will Better impeadt him and the rest 
find more Ieapes and opportunities of the council. Might u well pt tid 

, to play, eapec:ialIy in sparta sucb u of Bill Clinton while you're at it, 
basketball, volleyball, IDdoOr IOC- consideri ... received only 4J per-
cer and floor hockey. cent of the vote iD 1992-

Another point which the edito- TIle diaension to RlMAC hu 
rial, u well U ICYeIII Ietten to the , even extended to the hallowed PIleI 
editor, tried to make Is that the of the .,... section with the Oct. 
RlMAC vote wu c:onuptocI since: 10 col.mD, "A RiIllOllltJoul Mil-
"the poiliDl boothI were in atWetic tab. " 
IocationI, " aad .. JIPOIodIy tilled Ibe The author has obvioulsy never 
vote in favor of RIMAe. Itepped 1Il10 a UCSD weipt room 

One of the Ioc:adonI JDeDtioaed iD'" life whea be IIYS tIIIt "the 
Ie the ediIorial is ia 60at of tile Main tine weipt fOOIIII on campus are 
Oym. 'I1IenIhM always ..... afOll- almost MYer crowded.· AIIyoae 
... pIsce iD flail at .... Maia Oya, _1dIIaIIy .... UftId ,....... It 

UCSD knows the folly of this state-
ment, especially around four in the 
afternoon. 

To support bis argument, the au-
thor states that "if our present facili-
ties are good enougb for the Charg-
ers, aren't they good enough for us?" 
Try to picture Junior Scau curling 
some of those five-pound dumbbells 
we have now. Think he could handle 
it? 

TIle fact is that Y'hen they are in 
preseason camp at UCSD, the 
Chargers bring in tbree semi-trucks 
full of weight equipment and set up 
a temporary weight room in the 
walled off area next to the Spanos 
locker rooms. The Chargers will 
continue using this space, since they 
will not be taki'ng advantage of 
RlMAC. 

The author also states that the 
money should j)e spent on TOs, a 
football team or Division I sports. 
For 33.S million, we better get a TO , 
a week Itarting with Bruce 
Springsteen, then bring in MetalliC&, 
Dr. Ore, Janet Jackson, Guns 'n ' 
RQaes, Madonna, Rush and the loci 
Zeppelin reunion tour. 

A. for Division I sports or a foot-
ball team, the direct benefit of these 
programs to the student body would 
be aesJigible compared to RlMAC's 
potential. , 

rue a lurvey of your standard 
non-atblete stucIeIIts and uk whether 
they would rather play floor hockey 
It 8 a.m. 011 Slturday and watcb a 
Division I spor1l team Jet c:nIIhed 
for the next five y~ or play floor 
backey at noon and then maybe 
c:atcIIa ..... championship game 
later tIIIt aftemooD. 

I'U bet ...... iD wins every 
Ii-. 

SPORTS 15 ... 

..... ""..",." juat 
wl ..... to.xt ..... 
...... wor ... of 
hopeful 
encou,..enaent to 
UCSD'. eoccer 
opponent.: Get 
ready to ........ 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanfor D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

Rdnxti,fri(II//(, .,WIII/,U"" • .11<,."', .4/JA. O M. SIX;J)S 
LA 10LU VIllAGE 1'I.OFESSIONAL CENnIl 
8950 VIllA LA IOIlA Dl., SUITE 2103 
T., Fl.". /"IT brhilul rbr E/rplJ,!!u IIn r 

558·3490 
Ertlliu/lS \7 S.rHrtiaf 

Ap,.i"r,";,mts AJoai",ik 

Unlimited 
Copies 
3.5~ ea. 

• 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

8.5" II 11" • 201 whlte I 
• self serve ..... 

Nust ........... I.D, EIp/ .... Ul311ll1 

Til, 'I-\(lflcl ~ Ilf..,C .... 1 ... tluh fit ,\11(1 ,"ollfl1 tr,J\ll or:..:,.lfll/,dloll 

800-777~O1l2 ST/j STA TRAVEL 
THE PRICE CBNTER GAIKROOI PRESENTS 

-.. 

11,10 .. 
~r .. lJP AT 1111 ~.mOOM TOOAY! 

11m fils SUIII •• "liS"' 
...... 



16 

• 

. . 

,. 

;y~ VolleyballPoll 
Men"AAA 
I Fir, In tha BeUy (11 ·1) 
2 AI Val (9·3) 
3 M.E.N. (7-5) 
4 Sticky Hand. (7·5) 
5 Prima Time Men (8·6) 

llen',M 
1 Vou'ra EZ (15·0) 
2 Spike Thl. (14· 1) 
3 U.ten 10 Sustain (11·1) 
4 DIg This (12·3) 
5 Si·Onaga (13·2) 

Men"A 
I Paly (12·0) 

• 2 Raady 10 Serva (11·1) 
3 Monlazuma·. Revenga (12-0) 
4 Fifth Vear Ba.lard. (9·3) 
5 Mrd Wolve, (8·4) 

Women',M 
1 AlVal (11·1) 
2 But. Thl8 Goat 10 11 (1 2 ·0) 
3 HI. Mighty 0,," (10·2) 
4 Spiker. (6·3) 
5 Immlnenl Danger (4,2) 

Women'. A 
1 I·House(ll·1) 
2 Slammers (11-1) 
3 Sat On Him (9-3) 
.. Where'. The PUC:/C (8·4) 
5 The ScrlWdrtllarl (8·4) 

Champ. Crowned in 
. AII-Campus Tennis 

U C so'. 7). Scoa Hartchar (8·2). and Eric 
InnuII All· Till (I:.t). In lie finIII. KIm baItIIcI 
Cam p u I IoCIIIagand Tony Vuong 8-0, 6-1 In 
T • n n I. a ".ry competltl"e final 11111 

~_ ICOI .... IookId cIItInnIIy. 
cam. to a LllnlPoonIIuI,IFlavellafraall· 

new concIuIion two wakI beck and I1I1II, annexed lie WOI1IIII·. cham· 
It ... abouIlima. Allar a number of pIonaIIip In IimIar style with Irnpres-
year. of IHIng familiar tac:a In tha IiIIa wins in four dlllerent matcIIaI. 
winll8l'. circle. tIIil year· • ..,ent pro- In Ih ... mllinal • • • h. du.t.d 
ducad MW champion. al .ach""'l. Catlltrlna Uu (8·1) and than beat 

And champion. tIIty Wlrtl Uling Susan Janlen (8-4) In tha final • . 
everytlling tIIat they brought in their The Men'. Intermediate division 
Head. Willon, and DunIop"""iI bIgI, •• won by TUIn PIIam, a Thurgood 
tills year' I group of champions cre· MIIIhIII sopIIomort. who negotiated 
lied MW definitions for tha words: I number of land mines In hi' hllf 01 
determined. rtlentless. and Inspirl' tha draw. Phlm defeated Tai Hunyll 
tional. Their combined play w. all of (9-7) In a first round mega·match. 
thaI and maybe mort. and then cruised paat Jo .. ph Chen 

Louis Kim. a 2nd year Medical (8·1) and ArlhurHui (8·2). Phlmgol 
School student from Stanford, worked past Scott Armstrong (8-6) in I liard· 
his way relentlessly through lhe Men's loughl semi. belore knocking out 
Open bracket wilh I devasllting .. John Chung by nlar ICOrt (8-6) in 
baseline game lhat left opponenll the championship final. 
rMlIng. Congratutation. to this year" AI· 

Kim knocked 011 some serioul Campus Tennis Championl .... may 
Iong-Ierm UCSD talent In h" march to their rtlgns be Iong·livedl 
the litle with big win. over Thoma. 
Aabotiar (8·3). Marcos Lederman (9· 

The UCSD Guardian Thunda,. No ........ 3. 19M 

Preview/ Rag Football Playoff. 
Hne is OM lIIOre sltolat Hllcm..,'s H~: 
IIIrIII/'-I ...... 0INa c:-.t 
.... ·.AAA 
1. Big AI'. SoIdieII 5-0 W Only pIuIIIon CIfI ~ ....... 
2. Gel. 0Iip 3-1 3-1 II1II oIIIrtng from odd s.IurdIr IuIch 
3. Yor1l Hun! Cub 3-2 4-1 Trying 10 Un bIdI time. IQIin 
4. Pi Kappe 3-1 1~1 I!lear 11111 • pI8y will bounoe COlI 'em 
5. CIpmin F .... 3-2 15-1 NwfItt 2 pIayM IWIY 

~o Mea polls to _cUk ...... ,.,. 1. Prime TIme 5-0 4-1 PIayIIf, I aady lor 1hl1poI·1iW'! 
II1II1 dun a,e two cIM.piotu. tNDou.t. 5-0 t-2 Big numbIrt, 1M IgIinIt who? 3. 1Ioc*r ...... 5-0 7·1 SIeIking IIIOIMr .... Me • c:IIokeI 
Bowl COII/itiOfl? Get 0.,,1 We 4.S'-'-I.JIIIO.J. 5-0 ~1 Play IiH EIway • slow . ..... BroncoI 
jrul MIG'" 10 t:-, wIIo', du 5. DItd .... 4-1 20-1 Gr .. .., •• party 
be,t' AI UCSD we ItIIw II 1Ian·. A 
clllssic ,;"gle el;",jlltl/io#l plllyoff 1. SyrnpIIony III 0ee1NCtIcJn 5-0 3-2 111ft ..., ..., Iaagua 
10 filld II cltll".pioIL No poilllillg 2.~ 5-0 3-1 0eIcribIa thair offInu nI II WOIks 3. BIaz .. s.e ~2 Only gaw up two TO', all ~ 
fillgers altd lobbyillg for your 4. An·Y"" 5-0 7·1 No! enough on- to gil II done 
Itll".. Ellerytltillg gers seltled 011 5. BTS 4·1 1~1 Gr .. StIlI. 1OIqI1eIgUt. look out! 

Iltt fit/d. For tlte /lUI two COllI AAA 
wedetlds, lite besllICtioll ill 1. We Gal SIcilIa 5-0 2·1 Should WIn All 2. AlII tU1t Cub 5-0 5-2 8aII pIIytr in COld could ~ 'em on lOp 
colltge football is ,igltt Itert III 3. The 8aII 4·1 20-1 In 1OIqI. but could upMI 
UCSD. 4. MEOS 3-1 

., Don'I ~ up thOle CIIy jobI 
It 1111 gtts wlldtr MlGy 011 COllI ,.,. 

FrUJay IIfttrflOOll. TIte brllCUts I. Simply Amazing 4.0 4-t ThIN...," to __ 2. Nlma.rs 5-0 5-1 Crunching and pcIIng on opponenII 
lire out, so go dtep 10 3. Golden llaro', 5-0 8-1 Couid "-1I*Iga WIll in hind 
CllllYOflllieW IIIId gtlllU tlte illfo 4. OS ... IV 3-2 ~1 \JpaII spacial wlH mall. 11M tough 
0/1 wIIell III1d wIInt yowr ttll". 

5. ~ICcnIII 4-1 ., No! • chInc:e. IIiIIIw 
pili,s. Yow "" also get ;,. tOlldt CoMA 
witlt If' Iltrowg. tile I", Hot/. 1. GraWIe FCII1IIIII $02 5-1 Whr not in .... P Il1O t MIwIrIcb.. 2-2 . 1-1 Couid be ......... 1he cUt ...... 
III ,iIM, $34-4037 or '34-6644. l I(a.Ntc MIlD 2·2 1~1 IWdIOCII .... ., .... 

4. P1IIIadaIpIie EIgIaa 2-3 20-1 CunrinfWn -*I ba~ 
5. Top Raman 2-3 ~1 WrI gil coaIIacIt 

our 
Kim/Surh Capture 
Fall Classic Title 
~ Charll. Suhr and I ... c Kim taamed up In thf 2·panon ecrambla format to tame the W Catle Creak CC In the opener of the 3·..,.nt 1IriH. They birdied 7 holal u they 

braazed 10 a four strok. win with a tally of 87. 
When uked what the loughest pan of the round _', Suhr replied, "Trying to get the 6 

mandalory taa shol. out 01 Isaac.· KIm did ICOrch the par 3'. a. the team played them In 2 under. 
It w¥ a cla.1ie matchup 01 Ialerlll. Sum hit it big off thaI .. and KIm provided great touch around 
the green • . They obvloully becoma the early favorlt .. In the winter quarter scrambl. and are 
accapting application. 10 fill out their 4·acm •. Just land your nama; phone number and Index 
down 10 510, and don'l callthtm, they' II cal you. • 

Polar GoH provided Iha priZts for tha skH11 compalHion. The long drive wal won by Mlka 
Panloyan with. blast 01 288 yardl. Immediately after which hi. pr~ler. (the other hack. In hi. 
group) proclaimed it hi •• hortaat pop of tilt day. The clo .... ·to·th.·pIn. were Iaken by Brian 
Ouncen on , 8 with a eight Iron that rolled 10 2 feat (though he and partner JoIeph Bauer both 
'Watson'd' tilt putt) and laaac KIm on , 15 who put , nine Iron to 14 ..,. and made the putt. 

Th. Tour stopa again In the Winter auarter with a 4·parson ecrambla. That event will be on 
February 24. Spring quarter wi. find the AII·Campu. Championship on the agenda. A thr .. day 
avan1 dtslgned 10 .. lilfy any golf nut. Don't gat left on the range by not getting ovar to RiMAe 
In tlma to gat Ilgnad up for IhaIt popular aventa. See 'va at the 19th hola/l . 

To Introduc. you (or welco •• you back to) 
UCSD's best pizza ., 

UCSD MEAL DEALS 
UCSD8. 

MEAL DEAL 

we IN offer:III you... \ Q~ 
\\' ~DlDeJo 

..,., .......... . 
................. 

........... 

$4~tax 
VALID ONLY AT COlT'" ~ .... _ LOCATIONI. ~ _ UCSD lD. U~. l1117IIM 

8780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 
87!10 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

Ptz:za • JWta • Sandwich • Salads 
y--..-........ _---... 
..., ........... .,... ......... 24.1".. 

COLOR. USED 

e Carry out 
e Delivery 

La Jolla Vlliap Center 
8873 Villa La jolla Dr. 

4SS-oM2 

U C 5 D G U A R D I A N A. T. a I N T E R T A I N MEN T NOV E M B E R 3. 1 9 9 4 

INTHE 

nEWS 
r I L M 

til ••• til ••• 111 b. In 
t ...... r. to. orr •• 
• Kevin CosIner and FJijah Wood 
star in 'TIle War, a film about a 
father who returns home from tbe 
Vietnam War to find his family 
living in poverty. 

• Kenneth Branagh, Helena 
Bonham Carterand RobertDeNiro 
star in Mary Shelley's FrtUtIren-
stein, a film which professes to be 
an accurate rendition of ShcIIcy's 
novel. 

• Clerks, a Jow-budget movie: 
filmed at a converuellClC store in 
New Jersey, opens at the HiJk:rest 
Cinemas . 

• WItaI Happetted WIIJ. .. , a com· 
edy about a oouple's first date, 
opens tomonow at abe Ken On-
ema and runs through Nov. 10. 

ALBUM~ 

.Ex-LalZeppelin members R~ 
crt P1ant and Jimi Page reunite for 
NoQuartD, wbichincludesmate· 
rial from "Unledded," the duo's 
"unplugged" performance on 
M1V. 

• The recently reunited Eagles 
will release UnIiJ HeU Freezes 
Over. 

• Female vocalist Sadc will Ie-
Ieue a new album. 

TICKETS 

• TICkets are DOW on sale for the 
sWtd-up comic Carlot Top. who 
will perform at 8 p.m. 011 Nov. 17 
at abePriceCenter Ballroom. TICk-
ets for studeo1I are $9. Info: .534-
04090. 

• Tdets are DOW on sale for the 
return of They Mi&bt Be Giants, 
which wiD perform with Prank 
m.ct at 8 p.m. on Nov. 18 at the 
PriceCcalcr Bal1room. 1'k:teII for 
IIUdenII are SI4. Info: 534-4090. 

• TJCbII JD on ule tomonow at 
3 p.m. for a.y. Pwry. wIIo wiD 
pedormwkbOlmll .... Editoa 
.. 8 P.IIL OIl Dec:. 5 It Copley 5)"""'" HIll. bIfo: 220-11XS. 

heavy 
• 

musIc 

BY JEFF 

"Look, 
or dental 

When I got 
there was a note 

HUNQRY,pageH2 

EDITFi'R 

'-. 



HIATUS 2 

CONCERT PREVIEW 

The M.twIn.: M.rk Deutrom. Buzz Osborne .... DaIle erov.. 

The Melvins 
Group experiments on new album 
By Jeff N..... thing like [being compared with 
HIatus Editor grunge music]?" he asked san:asti-

The Melvinsare not an easy group cally. "I think. lot of the peoplcwho 
~ listen to. The band's languid, loud m.ke th.t comparilOn are short-
music compares favorably with early sighted, bad journalists. They obvi· 
Black Sabbath for its sheer resonance. ously haven't listened to III)' of our 
But on their latest 
album Stoner 
WUch, the Mel-
vilIS experiment 
with their sound. 
making it one of 
their most user 

------.... ---- music." Who: l7, The MeMns, Wool 
WhIrl: 8 p.m. today 

It would be 
diffICUlt to listen 
to .11 of the 
Melvins' music. 
The band has an 

WheN: SOMA 
How much: $13.50 
Info: 239-SOMA 

friendly releases to date. 
"I think there are bits of Stoner 

Witch thaI are more accessible and 
bits that are still way out there," gui-
tarist-vocalist Buzz Osborne said dur-
ing a phone interview. "I think it's 
different from our other albums, but it 
has elem~ntsofthesame kind ofstuff. 
I think it's our best album. I did a lot 
of vocal trickery. I did things like 
singing through various homemade 
devices like corrugated tubes and pa-
per cups." 

Fonned in Aberdeen, WA. in 1984 
by OsborneanddrummerDaleCrover, 
the Melvins influenced many of the 
so-called grunge bands which 
emerged from the area. But the 
Melvins' brand of metal has little in 
common with grunge. Does Osborne 
tire of the comparisons? 

"How could I get sick of some-

extensive discog-
ra,;tJyof seven-inch records as well as 
independent releases. The late Nir-
vana singer Kurt Cobain, a fan and 
friend of the Melvins for years, pro-
duced a few songs on their album 
Houdini. 

The Melvins opened for Nirvana 
in Munich, Germany, the band's last 
live performance. Although Neil 
Young and R.E.M. have recently re-
corded songs about Cobain's suicide, 
Osborne said he has no plans to do the 
same. 

"Kurt was a longtime friend of 
ours. I don'l think his suicide is some-
thing I will ever forget," Osborne 
said. "I don't know how I feel about it 
right now, but I think I can safely say 
I'm not happy about it. I have a lot of 
feelings brewing. I may [write a song 
about Cobain),but in do,chanccsare, 
you won't know it." 

I HOUR aDVICl: (IN MOST CAau) 

The UCSD GuardiIID 

HUNGRY: 
Band founded 
'Rock for Choice' 
ContInued fnIm .,... H1 
from • dentist in ~ifomia who 
was at the show and offered her 
services. 
V_ .......... "",., 
,.. ...... 1'1 .... .. 
tier _ ...... "..,. 
... ,.. . ...,..,..,... .. 
................ .,,.. 
...,worIl'P 

It's not. return to anything. It's 
how we've always sounded live. 
Bricks just got too sterilized when 
we weren't around. When [the 
songs) were mastered, they be-
came too homogenized. This time, 
we said, "Look, we don't want 10 
sound homogenized." lID,.. Iook .... .-,_ 
,....,. ...... ' ....... 
Papru."'" 

They were very tough, exciting 
and dull times. The band has gradu-
ally made its w.y to the middle, 
which is where I feel it is now. 
BlIck then, even little things would 
make us continue to go on. 
... ,.. ............. ..... 
.. ..., ........ ~ 

I don't think I would mind play-
ing the same size clubs. I think if I 
felt ItIpaIIt • a songwriter that 
would be the most painful thing. It 
would be nice if I felt more finan-
cial security, which I don't really 
have. One mi ... te you're on the 
cover of Spill aad the next you 
don't have dental insurance, aad 
that'a • drIg. A lot of people as-
sume we have more moacy than 
W'C do. I think our fame exccedl 
our coinage. But whatever. FlICk 
'em. 
How cId yau decide ,au 
w ........ be .... ....., 
W ...... ..,key .... 
....... ? 

One key moment was when I 
gotaguitarwhen I was 16.1 pl.yed 
for awhile, and then flaked aad 
then moved to L.A. I didn't know 
Suzi [Gardner] at the time,.nd she 
had quit this band. Suzi's name 
kept popping up and I thought, 
"Who is this awful Suzi Gardner?" 
I finally met her, and she played 
some of her music, and it was the 
kind of music I wanted to play all 
along. 
W ... you ....... to fe. 
.......... 7 

No. There weren't any female 
bands then. I listened to Frightwig 
a 101. I'm a huge Frightwig fan, but 
iI's not like they were role models. 
I guess there were the Go-Gos. 
More of my role models were men, 

$ 64 complete" 
. ~ ........ 

DaIlU &oft leneee -

$ 8 9 complete" . 
Extended eofIleneee -:.:.., ... 
-COfolPlETE EXA'" INCLUDES: 

• CARE KIT 
• STOCK "'YOPIC LENSES 

11wnda)" NoYe.ber 3, 19M 

L 7 perfonn .. The c.m.I Upa In John WIIters' 
like the Ramoncs. Could ,au expWn ,... ..... 
How tid yow' politic-' views tIoMhIp with the F ..... t 
denlllP? MIIIDrtty F .......... ? . 

My parents. They're smart, liberal lbat'stheorganization we hooked 
people. They are IlOl Jesus freaks or up with to start "Rock for ClIoice." 
anythinglikethaLlflevcrcamehome They provided the financial backing 
with a view that was tucked from and the organization that would get 
hanging out with my stupid suburban the money. (The Feminist Majority] 
friendswhoseparentswereprcttynar- is one of the only organiDtions in-
row-mindcdpcoplc,myparentswould volved in clinic abuse and bringing 
quickly educate me. That was 0001. If abusers 10 trial. They wcrequiteblfllcd 
I ever said any kind of racial slur, that by us .t first, bUlthey changed know-
wouIdbecorrectcd.ldidn'tevenlmow ing that our intentions were sincere, 
what an abortion was and my friends and how successful the concerts were 
who went to • Catholic school were - with the press it generated and the 
talkingaboutlhilhoniblemoviethey voter registration. Now, "Rock for 
laW in which the fetus was screaming ClIokle" bas a few full-time employ-
or aying or lOII1dhing. I was pretty CCI at the front offic:e in loa Angeles. 
JOUII8 aad went home and told my They arc on their own DOW. We are 
puenlI bow horrible I thought abor- colDultants when they need help, 
lion wu, and they said, "No, no, no. whidI is pretty rare. 
Have. leal, Donita. You got some Do,.. w.. ........ _ 
IeaminB to do." So I was lucky. _ ........ for ...... 'l 

Mypmaawaen't hippics or any- No. Maybe. I don't koow. I think 
lhin& like that They were middle- we're experiencing the birth pains of 
duslUbwbanfolbwhohappenedto • revolution. Hopefully things will 
be educated and cool. I grew up in a get better. I had • long conversation 
very conservative suburb of Chicago with our bus driver, Qaig, and we are 
- it was very Catholic .nd very Rc- bodaconviDced we arc DOtevolvWaat 
publican. My parents shone through all. Unfortunately. 
that. Ofcoursc, I rebelled in my own You recorded the ...... MC8S 
w.y with punk rock and staying out a..mIIII" for .... W .... ' 
way laIC with their cars. But as far as .... .."" ............ Is tIud 
mymorals,theydefinitelycomefrom ....... 1 
my parents. He (Waters 1 is very anti-dcath pen-
Do,... .............. ......., a1ty, and we decided to write "Gas 

They like the band even though Clwnber" in the character of a band 
musically it's not their cup of tea. But called Camel Lips because we fluctu-
they are very concerned about my ate on the issue. I said, "John, we .re 
future. They wanted meto go to school, having trouble with the lyrics because 
and I had 10 move two thousand miles asL7wewouldnotwrite.songcalled 
away, so I didn't have to succumb to 'Gas Cbamber, , and we are constantly 
the pressure of going to school. changing our minds on the issue." We 
Did ,au .tteniI cd ... lit. wanted it to be very defiant Unfortu-

I took a couple art classes in <lli- natcly, we had a falling out becausc he 
cago for a semester and took a few wanted to make a video and say it was 
classes al LA. City College, but that by L7. We said the band name would 
school was horrible. I didn't learn have to say Camel_Lips. I love him as 
anything. The classes I really wanted an artist. It's just unfortunate that we 
to study were history and psychology, are not friends; but he is still my 
and those classes were horrible. favorite director. 

$1 COLLEGE BEEK~GHT "'''' ........... '-'&.1 PIZZA Be PITCHER SUNDAY 
• 3O-DAY FOLLOW-UP 

III 
III 

.... 

< ":.,. ~.~'~ ····~;f~~{;?~ 

AI,*'"_~'''' ''''' ... ,. 
283-5858 . 

Join us {or food 
• drink specials! 

AU 10«. MicNbr ..... .... 

• ,uI, !:::.:-..... ..., : ~ = pitchers $5 each 
Dr. John MCDoNAI.D 
HouRS: MON.-FRI. 10-6, SAT. 10-5 

1115a.-1f........ IN ...... . 
~.- .............. ...... 
279-5158 283-5858 

'I'IIunda" N~ 3,19M 

IHI\WHK 
to day 

Keanu Reeves plays • gutsy cop in 
." ..... which shows at 6:3Op.m •• t 
the Price Center 'I'IIeaR. TICkets arc 
$2 Info: 534-4399. 

"F ....................... , ... 
national tour of Native American mu-
sic aad dance, will be held at 8 p.m. at 
MandeviUe Auditorium. TICkets for 
students are $12 Info: 534-6467 . 

n.,..wiUpcrfonnwith ...... 
23,KNpelrkaad KevIn s.m 
at 8:30 p.m. at the Casbah. rICkets arc 
SS. Info: 232-4355. 

L7will play with the .......... and 
Wool at SOMA Tickets are $ 13.50. 
Info: 220-TIXS. 

Guitarist AIWI ... will play with 
N.... Below Zero and Rick 
Galer .t 7 p.m. at the Flash Cafe in 
Mission Valley. Tickets are $16.50. 
Info: 563-0024. 

Dc;p"',. band which includes ac-
tor Keanu Reeves, win play with 4th 
5trMt Gnl .. y.t 8 p.m. al the 
Belly Up T.vern in Solana Beach. 
Info: 481-9022 

Singer-eongwritcr F..... John. 
.... wiD perform with CIndy L.-
•• .".. at SDSU's Backdoor.t 8 
p.m. TICkets arc S14. Info: 220-nxs. 

friday 
The Committee for World Dem0c-

AlDS,.t 7 p.m. at-&lis Hall 107. 
Admission is free. 

Local band ............. , best 
known for their altnemative radio hit 

. "Hitchbiker Joe," will perform with 
....... 111. u.-. at 8 p.m. at the 
UCSD Pub. Tdets for students are 
SS in advance, $10 at the door. Info: 
5344090. 

SkInIdn· PIckle, T ........ 
..... See Spot Qrooweand Q. 
Spat play an all-ages show at 8 p.m. 
at SOMA. Tickets arc $7. Info: 239-
SOMA 

saturday 
Guns 'n' Roses guitarist Gilby 
ca.uwiIJ perform with '1111 Bud-
.......... 1l8p.m.attheBellyUp 
Tavern in Solana Beach. TICkets are 
$8. Info: 481-9022. 

• 
Films by local directors will be fea-
tured in the 3nI AnnIaI SIn ~ 
.... Fin ind YIdeo ..... 
Showell. III the Guild Theatre. 
Films will be shown aU day. Info: 
298-1536. • 

sunday 
racy win present AIId lie..." Etta ...... willpcrfonnattheBcUy 
I'IIIyed On, • documentary about Up Tavern in Solana Beach at 8 p.m. 

TIle UCSD Gu.rcIim IDATUS 3 .. 

Hbout 
Tickets are $17.50. Info: 481-9022. 

The Ava InIiIrnIItIoIuII DInce 
TheIdre, an enscmbleof14 dancers, 
eight singers and nine musicians from 
theMiddle East, Greece, central Asia 
and North Africa, will perform at 8 
p.m. at MandcvilleAuditorium. Tick-
ets for students are $12. Info: 534-
4040. 

tuesday 
Courtney Love's band, Hole, will 
play an aU·.ges show at 8 p.m. with 
Yertlal s.It at SOMA. Tickets are 
$10. Info: 220-TIXS. 

The surfing documentary EIdeu 
Summer 2 shows at 8 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theatre. Tickets are $1 
in advance, $2 at the door. Info: 534-
4399. 

wednesday 
SONOR, UCSD's resident contem-
porary music: ensemble, will perform 
worts by EiUottCarter,Jamcs Tenney 
and Joel-Francois Durand at 8 p.m .• t 
MandeviUe Auditorium. A free pre-
concert talk will take pIac:e at 7 p.m. at 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. Tickets 
for students are $6. Info: 534-S404. 

THEATRE 
GIrden c.bIret: 'I'M San Diego 
Actors Theatre presents the San Di-
ego premiere of Arthur Miller's "The 
Last Yankee, " which will run through 
Nov. 27. Performances are at 8 p.m. 
Thursday through Sunday. Tickets 
are $15 and $17. Info: 268-4494. 

..... W .. Forum: UCSD 
Theatre Professor Welton Jones will 
direct Bertoli Brecht's "In the Jungle 
of the Cities," which opens at8 p.m. 
on Wednesday and runs through Nov. 
13. Tickets for students are $6. Info: 
534-3793. 

Mandell Weis. Theatre: The 
La Jolla Playhouse production of 
"How to Succeed in Business With-
out Really Trying" runs through Dec. 
5. Performances are at 8 p.m., Tues-
day through Friday; 2 and 8 p.m., 
Saturday; and 2and 7 p.m., Sunday. 
Tickets range from $25-47 .50. Info: 
550-1010. 

St.Cet ............. : Sledge-
hammer Theatre's "The Peacock 
Screams Wheq the Lights Go Oul, " a 
play about a cancer patient, runs 
through Nov. 20. Performances are at 
8 p.m., Thursday through Sunday. 
Tickets are $5 forstudents. Info: 544-
1484. 

SanDilpChic 111 .... Cats," 
which f~.Ires the music of Andrew 
Uoyd Weber and the poetry ofT.s. 
fJiot, returm to San Diego for a one· 
week run beginning Tuesday. Perfor· 
mancesare.18 p.m., Tuesday through 
Sunday, with matinees .t 2 p.m. on 
Saturday and Sunday. Tickets are S25-
45. Info: 236-6510. 

GALLERIES 
....... ofPl ...... Arts: 
An exhibition surveying the career of 
Harry Callahan will be on display 
through Jan. 8. The exhibit includes 
100 photographs taken from a period 
of4O years. Gallery hours.re 10a.m. 
to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Sunday. 
Admission is $3. Info: 238-7559. 

San Diqo N ....... · History 
Museum: "No Laughing Matter: 
Political Cartoonists on the Environ-
ment," an exhibit which contains 80 
works by award-winning political car-
toonists, is on display through Nov. 
13. Gallery hoursare9:30a.m. to 4:30 
p.m. daily. Admission is $4. Info: 
232-3821. 

Rita Dean G 'uy: "Born to Kill," 
an art show featuring the works of 
serial killers such asJohn WayneGacy 
and Charles Manson is on exhibit 
through Nov. 27. Gallery hours are 
noon 10 11 p.m., Tuesday through 
Saturday and noon to 5 p.m. on Sun-
day. Admission is $2. Info: 338-8153 . 

erov. G.I.ry: "Ncon III," on 
display through Nov. 5, featurcssome 
ofthe country's top neon artists. Gal-
lery hours are 10a.m. to5 p.m., Tues-
day through Friday and 10 a.m. to 2 
p.m. on Saturday. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-2021. 

Porter RandII GII.ry. "The 
Poetry Series, " an exhibit of drawings 
by Jose 8cdia based on the poems of 
UCSD ProfessorofLiteratureQuincy 
Troupe, runs through Nov. 12. Gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through Satur· 
day from noon to 5 p.m. Admission is 
free. Info: 551-8884. 

"CeleetW _1UIc. •• elUr'werldl., •• 
\eallllElIl ... Llke ........... J.wl., _ 
___ , 8.aPnu.d .. cu.Ude 

N awm1»er II • Frlda1J • 8:~ p.m. 
MaadevlDe A..tilorlua 

81_ '10 • ... CIt. 'Ia • G.A. '1. 
1JC8D 1Iax Olllm: J,. ,tit ~ 'i&M~ # *! 

---.:.-= -== 
""' •• TlX. 

.. ...... ..,... -
.... _1JaI .... EYeah omc.elUC ...... - _1iII 

• 

*- . 

.. 



{ HIATUS " The UCSD Guardiu Thunday, No...- 3, 1994 

THEATER REVIEW DANCE PREVIEW 

The Peacock Screams 
Multi-media Sledgehammer production hits 

audience with violent political rrwntage 
By DJ. HopkIM 
Guardian Reporter 

Sledgehammer Theatre of San 
Diego opened its season on Saturday 
with the politicaJJy charged and visu-
ally spectacular "The Peacock 
Screams When the Lights Go Out" -
a violent vaudeville dealing with femi-
nist issues by KeUy Stuart. 

Upon entering the downtown the-
aterspace, audience members become 
immersed within a setting which re-
sembles the interiorof a hospital. Grey 
plastic sheeting stretched above the 
audience gives the impression of sit-
ting in an oxygen tent, and the sound 
of diagnostic equipment and machine-
assisted breathing enhance the grim 
hospital atmosphere. On a dozen video 
monitors, a single huge eye swivels in 
its socket, and a recorded voice asks 
the question, "What's more impor-
tant, forgetfulness or hope?" 

Although the voice answers its 
own question with "hope," it's an 
ironic response given the hopeless-
ness of the "Peacock" landscape. 

A video-assisted prologue intro-
duct-:. the audience to the main char-
.. ur, Anne (Linda Castro), while she 
suffers through a terrifying breast 
exam. From there, Anne is catapulted 
into the brightly lit but equally night-
marish world of a shoe store, where 
she can barely walk in high heels, let 
alone sell them to her customers. 

Anne is picked up by a New Age 
healer who looks like EJvis. She'd 
prefer to go home with this sleazy guy 
than endure the sounds of the next-
door neighbor beating her daughter. 
The girl's screams, Anne says, sound 
like those of a peacock. 

Later, as we come to learn of 
Anne's own abuse-filled childhood, 
we face the playwright's contention 
that every little girl grows up to inherit 
the particularly female nightmare 
which Anne is acting out. 

Billed by Sledgehammer as "terri-
fying and hilarious," "Peacock's" 
changes its tone from slapstick to 
brutal in less time than it takes the 
huge eye to blink. This tonal flip-flop 

CouI1lsy of SllclQllwnlllll' That" 
A scene from 5 ............. 'ThuIre'. "1"he PeIIcock." 
is the onJy constant in the journey the effect on the audience, be it laughter 
audience takes with Anne. or fear. However, at times, these ele-

Diagnosed with breast cancer, ments become diffuse and incoher-
Anne is desperate to find a'''cure'' to ent, and have no effect at all. 
w1\at is portrayed as a social ailment. The feminist issues addressed in 
She looks for help in a high·speed, no- "Peacock" include violence against 
brakes tour of her past, present and chiJdren,father-daughtermolestation, 
future. and the current state of breast cancer 

Who: Sledgehammer Theatre 
~: 8 p.m., Thurs.-Sun. 
WheN: St. Cecilia's Playhouse 
How much: $5 for students 
Info: 544-1484 

Anne is thrown into a hospital 
room next to a raspy-voiced failed 
actress, has flashbacks of conflicts 
with her abusive, clownishly Middle-
American parents and giv~ her New-
Age boyfriend a urine sample. 

After the first series offast-paced 
episodes, the audience, along with 
Anne, Joses all sense of time and 
place, and must question its willing-
ness to sympathize with the character 
and the play. 

In the Kafka-esque geography of 
paranoia and institutionalized oppres-
sion there are no boundaries. An up-
scale shoe store can become a high-
tech hospital which, in tum, can be-
come a living room in the '70s. 

When the equation is just right, the 
scenes come together as a cohesive 
and coherent whole with a powerful 

treatment. It doesn't take much to 
convince an audience these social con-
ditions are "bad." 

However, one might need con-
siderable convincing to believe that 
sitting through two hours of rehash-
ing the same themes in the style of 
German Expressionism is a "good" 
idea. 

The stalwart and engaging per-
formance of the cast, however, saves 
the play's thematic coment from 
becoming simple-minded. 

The ensemble is among the best 
assembled at Sledgehammer in re-
cent years, and Castro's confusion 
and terror ~r:e the cornerstones of 
every scene. 

Castro's ability to tum a scene 
from scary to wacky makes for the 
best moments in the play. Set de-
signer Michele Riel creates an ex-
citing, functional space. 

"Peacock" offers comedy and ter-
ror but not solutions. Anne's opti-
mism is ultimately refuted by the 
fatalism of the world which she in-
habits. 

Courtesy of Uniwrs!ty EwnlS 
Memben of .... ZunI tribe wll perform tonIPt. 

Plains and Pueblos 
Variety of Native American tribes 

will present music and dance 
By .... FItz.GenIcI 
Guardian Reporter 

The Native-American Music 
and Dance production "From 
Plains and Pueblos" will feature 

they have always lived, in the region 
along the present~y border of Ari-
mna and New Mexico. They are fa-
mous in the Southwest for their de-
signs in gemstones, fabric and silver. 

traditional music ___________ Zuni culture 
and dance of the stresses reslraint, Who: NatJve.American Dance 
Yup'ik Eskimos When: 8 p.m. tonight not aggression . 
of Southwestern WheN: Mandeville Auditorium The Lakota 
Alaska, Zuni of of tbe Great How much: $12 for students 
the South~est, Info: 5344090 Plains (incor-
Lakota of the rectly referred to 
Great Plains and as "Sioux"), 
<lIerokee Nation. Each of these gave birth to such gratNative Ameri-
tribes is pbysic:aUy separated by can leader/ Ol'lto.Jlll Sitting Bun and 
thousands of miles of mesas, high Crazy Horse. 
mountains and broad plains. Each The Oerokce Nation has gained 
has a distinct culture and an unre- respect for its huge repertoire of sao-
Iated language, yet the tnbes have ries. Oerokce women are the keepers 
one thing in common: an intense of oral tradition such u the Great 
devotion to dance and music. Burr.ard stories, whicb are handed 

In their oral society, the Yup'ik from grandmother to granddaughter 
Eskimos' traditions consist of in the matrilineal society. 
songs,dances,rituabandcostumes, Featured performers in tonight's 
which are woven into narratives show include ChUM Mcintyre from 
which keep their .history alive. the vi/Jage of Eek on the Bering Sea, 
Yup'iksociety ischaracteristicaUy The eeUiciOn Traditional Zuni Sing-
egalitarian,anattn~reOected in ers fIOm Zuni, NM, and the Locke 
itsdances-.bothmenandwomen family from Standi. Rock Rcserva-
customarily perform identical lion, South Dakota. Gayle Ross, a 
movements. ClIerokee storyteller, will act u mas-

Today's Zuni now live where ter of ceremonies. 
• 

:.G=_e·6ius 
. . . . . r-

Ift 

November 17 • Thursday • Ipm 
UCID Price Center BIll... . Columbia MCAT p. 3 Stanley Kaplan p. 5 

Education Abroad p.e 
HyperIaarnk1g p. 3 

NSEP SchoIerahips p. 6 

I.A. $13 • Students sa 

* 
UCSD lax OffIce • 534-1417 

.......... .,. -i;I;; DaD UNMMm Ewms OffICE "': 
• 


