
ILSIWHIRI 

...... , ...... 
For ~ Culprtt 

, 

UCSANDIEGO 

H E u 

TUESDA¥, FEBRUARY 2-2,1994 

c 5 D 

VOLUME 81, ISSUE 15 

BERKELEY - Library 
officials at UC Berkeley's 
Moffit Undergraduate Library 
may install a $4,000 alarm 
system after repeated mysteri-. 
oul, late-night break-ins over 
the past 10 months. Ac:c:ord-
ing to library officials, video 
machi!!es al the library.are- - - - iliiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii=iiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiii;;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii_iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiij;jjiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii. 
left on, doors found unlocked, 
and tapes - including 
pornographic videos - are 
strewn all over the facility. 

Sports FundIIC In 
..... ..,adDavls 
DAVIS - UC Davis Assis-
tant Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Bob Franks, 
meeting with students last 
week, offered three grim 
scenarios for the future 
funding of UC Davis intercol-
legiate athletics, including the 
possible dissolution of four 
men's sports coupled with 
another increase in the 
Student Services Maintenance 
Fee (SSM F). The current 
SSMF charges Davis students 
$34 per quarter to support 
intramural and club sports, 
Recreation Services, the Rec 
Hall and intercollegiate 
athletics (ICA) prgrams. In 
1996, students will no longer 
be charged this fee, leaving a 
sizeable gap in ICA's $4 
million budget. ICA's budget 
is expected to take an 
additional hit oUt.7 million 
as a result of budget cuts. 
__ DaYle.., 
' ...... UCSI 
SANTA BARBARA -If 
efforts to recruit an interna-
tionally-renowned scholar to 
UC Santa Barbara's Black 
Studies Department are 
successful, Angela Davis, 
currently a professor at UC 
SaDta Cruz, could hold a joint 
position at UCSB and UCSC. 
Davis is currently negotiating 
with campus officials, 
according to Black Studies 
Chair Cedric Robinson. 

INIIDI 

DRAMA 
nAlU_: Actors 
get a chance to strut 
their stuff • 

..... : The swim 
team finilbed lhOnaly 
at a conference meet • 

INDIX 

UCID .................................. I 
CALYDlI..-s ................... : I 
LIC8TI1 SIlINS ..................... I 
OPIJIQOII( .................................. 4 
aAMfIiIIi ............................ 16 
SPOIlTS ................................... 20 

Fifth to Be Called Roosevelt College 
ByJonneP ...... , 
Associate News Editor 

Afterthree long years of search-
ing, Fifth College has decided to 
name itself in honor of former 
First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. The 
name was recently approved by 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson and 
has been sent to the Board of Re-

gents for final approval. 
Chosen from an original pool 

of 60 potential names, Eleanor 
Roosevelt was officially endorsed 
after a College Executive and 
Policy Committee meetingon Feb. 
11. 

scends gender, she transcends race 
[andJ ethnicity," said College Pro-
vost Administrative Assistant 
Margaret Manoguerra. 

Manoguerra explained that the 
final candidates had to meet crite-
ria which were developed early on 
by the Executive and Policy Com-
mittee in a process that has taken 
place over the past several years. 
Theoriginallist of men and women 
nominated was generated by mass "I'm really excited about [the 

recommendation J.I think she tran-

"As our students learn more 
about her, they ' re going to be-
come more proud that [Fifth CoI-
legeJ is named afte,r her," 
Manoguerra added. " See RFTH, Page 3 

....... C ............... J8IIne ........ trIM to link the eIueIve ..... 1 In tile 
oorner ....... In tile PrIM Center ..... I00III. 

University Looks to Speed Up 
Seismic Upgrades, Repairs 
FUN ... UC officials deny 
reports that fees will be raised to 
cover repair costs at UCLA 
., ............. . 
HIM fIIIIIIr 

PoIIowi ..... montb'. eutIIquake which 
c:aUledSlOmiliion wortbof ....... at UCLA, 
.... Univenity of California .... propoeecIto 
defer tine campa capital projec:ta to make 
tua avaU_1e for seismic uppilClea 08 five 
other pIOjectI and to accelerate seismic re-

pairs on another. 
"'The Jan. 17 Southern California earth-

quake .. made us even more aware of the 
urpncy to Itrenathen and repair our build-
in .. to witbltand the next earthquake, which 
we know will strike lOOIIer or later," said UC 
President Jack Peltuon. 

The propoul call. for the State Depart-
ment of Finance to approve a ahin of about 
53.5 million within the university'. proposed 
1994-95 bud .... 

The current bud,.. teta uide funding to 
See IUDUT, Paae 7 

Employees 
Fault UCSD 
Grievance 
Procedures 
POUCY: University staff claim 
that administration sides with 
supervisors in disputes 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

Editor's Note: Final part in a three-pari 
series. 

When employees have complaints about 
their supervisors at UCSD, they can file griev-
ances'within the university to resolve their 
problems. But some employees claim that the 
grievance procedure is strongly tilted in favor 
of the supervisors. 

Employees can file formal or informal 
grievances to settle disputes with their super-
visors or departments. Grievances, which must 
be filed within 30 days of an alleged policy 
violation, can go through several levels of 
mediation, from informal discussion to re-
view by an independent party. 

"The university'S Labor Relations de-
partment should be called a management 
advocacy department," said UCSD Tele-
communications Services employee 
Michael Goh. 

Goh clashed with UCSD's Labor Rela-
tions last year, when a grievance he filed 
claiming unfair promotion of a!Yother em-
ployee was denied. Labor Relations turned 
down his claim even though an independent 
fact-finder had agreed with Goh on several 
points. 

In addition to siding with management, 
Goh said the university tries to prevent cases 
from being heard. 

"Not only is the grievance procedure pro-
tracted, but Labor Relations does anything it 
can to put up roadblocks along the way," he 
said. 

Labor Relations Manager Michael Melman 
disagreed that the procedures are protracted. 
"Obviously, if you're affected ... you want 
negotiations u quickly u possible, but there 
are multiple reuons why it might take longer," 
Melman said, citing the amount of time legal 
cues take to get raolved. . 

"I don't believe that the university'S pro-
cedures are unreaonably lengthy," Melman 
added. 

Melman and ot~er university officials 
would not comment on specific employee 
c:uea, claiming employee confidentiality. 

Another employee, Senior Marine Mecha-
See DIPLOYII, PaCe 7 



2 NEWS 

0I¥id ChO/GuiJnII/III 
M.rsh8n COII4Ce sophomore Hector RodrI&ueZ ..... blood on 
TlMnd8y durI", • bone m.now drive 8t the PrIce Center. 

Student Groups Host 
Bone Marrow Drive 
By EIlubeth Meckenzle 
Staff Writer 

Four student organizatiol1s held 
a drive last week to collect blood 
samples from which bone marrow 
types are determined. 

The 162 samples collected on 
Wednesday and Thursday will be 
entered in a national bone marrow 
registry. If a matching tissue type 
is found, donors from the registry 
can give their bone marrow to pa-
tients suffering from leukemia, 
aplastic anemia and other fatal 
blood diseases. 

The drive was coordinated by 
the San Diego Blood Bank and 
co-sponsored by the Philipino 
Association for Health Careers 
(PAHC), Chicanos-Latinos for 
Creative Medicine (CCM), Stu-
dent Affirmative Action Com-
mittee (SAAC) and Empowered 
Blacks United in Science 
(EBUS). 

The UCSD drive concentrated 
on minorities because only 15 per-
cent of the national bone marrow 
registry is made up of minorities. 
For whites, the chances of finding 
a matchingdonorare one in 20,000. 

For minorities, however, the 
chances decrease to anywhere 
from one in 100,000 to one in a 
million, according to Hazel Say-
ers, a coordinator at the Bone 
Marrow Center of the San Diego 
Blood Bank. 

For this reason, a government 
naval grant paid for the bone mar-
row typing of an unlimited num-
berof minorities. The process costs 

$45 and the student groups spon-
soring the drive co!lected enough 
money for 24 white students not 
covered by the grant to participate 
as well. 

Participants were asked to 
complete a brief medical history, 
which was evaluated by student 
volunteers. After approval, about 
two tablespoons of blood was re-
moved from the participant'sarm. 
The procedure took about 10 min-
utes. 

This was the first time that the 
San Diego Blood Bank had worked 
with these particular student 
groups, and Sayers said she found 
that they were "a group of really 
educated volunteers." 

There is a small chance that 
someone in the registry will be 
matched identically and be 
called upon to donate marrow. 
If a match is found, the proce-
dure is simple and may not 
even require a hospital stay, 
according to Rimini Uytingco, 
a member of PAHC. 

A small incision is made in the 
back of the pelvic bone and five 
percent of the donor's bone mar-
row is removed. According to 
Uytingco, donating bone marrow 
is "such a small sacrifice for such 
a large gift, the gift of life." 

"It feels really good," said 
Revelle College sophomore Edna 
Pena, a member of CCM. "I think 
everyone should try to. come to 
donate blood to be in the registry." 
Those interested should contact 
the San Di~go Blood Bank. 

Send os . your 
monkeys! 

The Guardian is always 
looking for new staffers. 
Call 534-6580. 

The UCSD Guardia. Tuuday, February 22.1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
CALVIN a HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

BOIl I!\tJCI\ I"> lIl"'i ilGtR It-l i\\l 'filt-l~ ? 
~ ()Il ~ ~<; t\()M~G \lIJT SlEEP ? 
'II£\.l ~o 111M M fLA~ IN 1I\t 11K ROOM 

N-\~ \\~~£ '" I'l£'ri IliJ(; ," \\('S (.\\£.'.I> ! 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~t. \B.1I1H) iW-r ~ 
~~ f0S5lllI.£ . 
If Jll'Si ~ElTS . 

-

Che Cafe Resumes LUnch Hours 
The Ch6 Caf!, the campus vegetarian co-op, will 

open for lunch service starting today. The restaurant 
will be open from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Monday through 
Friday, offering a wide variety of veeetarian entrees, 
soups, sandwiches and salads. 

The CM Caf6 suspended its lunch hours last 
summer, citing financial problems caused by two 
years of protracted negotiations between the co-ops 
and the UCSO administration. Pursuing its lower cost 
wholesale enterprises, the Ch6 surged ahead finan-
cially during the Fall Quarter, according to Ch6 Book· 
keeper Steve Steiman. "Keeping costs low, we've 
been able to dedicate over 20 percent of our total 
sales to restoring financial reserves,· Steiman said. 

With its new menu, the Ch6 will ~empt to serve a 
wide range of \'eietarlan tastes. Menu Items range 
from tradItiOnal Indian curries to Italian pastas. burritos 
and chile to vegetarian burgers and sandwiches. 

Ne. Vic 1hutre to ...... ent 
Interactive 'Canterbury , .... ' 

San Diego theater-toers will have the opportunity to 
see the New VIc Theatre of London's style of raucous 
comedy when the troupe presents its adaptation of 

Chaucer's ·Cant,mury Tales" at the MandevIlle Audlto-
riumon SUnday, Feb. 27. General admission tickets for 
the8p.m. perfonnance are $20 with senior and student 
tickets priced at $18 and $14, respectively. 

The production Is Interactive, meanine the audi-
ence has the opportunity to play with the troupe. The 
stage is covered with fake grass and the audience Is 
invited to corne up to the ·vlcaraee garden" to have a 
cup of St. Clemens - an orange and lemon drink 
popular in London - talk with the actors and take in 
the set and props. 

The New VIC presentation takes place in modem 
times, using period costume, and Is set in the Canter-
bury vicarace garden where the participants will com-
pete for the "6OOth Geoffrey Chaucer Memorial Story 
Telling Competition" trophy. 

RIY .... Student ConfIrmed -
UC Student ... em by ao.d 

UC Riverside student Terrence Wooten was con-
firmed as student regent for 1994-95 by the Board of 
Regents on Thlnday In San Francisco. Wooten had 
been nominated last month by a regent selection 
committee. 

ERRATA 
In "Coalition, Administrators Agree to Form Task Force" (Feb. 17), the composition of the task force 

was incorrectly reported. The task force will be composed of four members from the Cross-Cultural 
Center Coalition, one chosen by the A.S. Council, one chosen by the Graduate Student Association, two 
staff members, two representatives from the Academic Senate and three members selected by the 
Chancellor's Office. In addition, I quote from Associate ChlUlCCllor Tracy Strong wu inadvertently 
compressed during editing. The quote should have read "The task force is authorized to examine 
proposals from the coalition and make recommendations. Any recommendations should be Iccompanied 
by discussion of options for implementation." The Guardian regrets the errors. 

Tuaday, February 22,1994 The UCSD Guardi .. NEWS 3 

Theatre Deparbnent, Playhouse 
Hold Forum For Benefactor Weiss 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
tJ&hts and Sirens is a selection of entries compiled from the log book of 
the UCSD Police Department. 

ay .......... -Steff WrIter 
Mandell Weiss, the late bene-

factor of the UCSD Theatre De-
partment who died last December, 
will be honored tomorrow at a 
memorial service spoRlOl'ed by the 
La Jolla PlayhoUIC and the UCSD 
Department of 1beatre. The 4:30 
p.m. service will be held at the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre. 

Weiss, who died on Dec. 29, 
1993 It the age of 102, donated 
millions of dollars to the La Jolla 
Playhouse and UCSD to support 

FIFfH: College 
only needs approval 
of UC Regents 
ContInued ,... ..... 1 
mailings of nomination forms sent 
out by the college to all of its 
students. parents and faculty. 
Nominees were then evaluated in 
relation to the established criteria. 

Four requirements were set up 
to emphaaize the focus of Fifth, 
most of which embodied the inter-
national philO8Opby of the college. 
A candidate needed to be someone 
with a profession that had involved 
direct experience in a variety of 
international settings with inter-
national recognition for accom-
plishments in his or her field; some-
one known for promoting interna-
tional awareness and understand-
ing; Ind someone whose reputa-
tion will encourage identification 

local theatre. 
The Theatre Department and 

the PlayhoUIC share the two build-
ings that make up the Mandell 
Weiss Center of the Performing 
Arts, which Weiss made possible 
through grants and donations. 

Weiss wu also a generous sup-
porter of organizations such aa the 
United Way, the United Jewish 
Fund and KPBS. In addition, he 
helped found an endowed chair 
for the UCSD Department of Ju-
daic Studies. 

One of the founding investors 

with the college. 
With these criteria in mind, the 

committee came up with the names 
of five women last November. At 
that time, acting Provost David 
Ringrose said that there waa a 
strong interest in naming the col-
lege after a woman. "If you look 
around campus, at most we find 
two buildings named after 
women," he said. 

Ringrose added that the con-
sensus to select the name of a 
woman also stemmed from the 
fact that 60 percent of the students 
at Fifth College have been women. 

After additional student pr0-
posals and informal student meet-
in .. the list was again nanowed 
to two names - Margaret Mead 
and Eleanor Roosevelt. The com-
mittee took a final poll and de-
cided on Eleanor Roosevelt. 

Manoguenasaid that there were 
several practical reasons for the 

in FedMlrt and the Price Club, 
Weiss received the Revelle Medal 
in 1991 In recognition of his con-
tributions to the university. 

Featured speakers at the me-
morial service will include UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
former Theatre Department Chair 
ArthurWagner, La Jolla Playhouse 
Artistic Director Des McAnuff and 
other members of the department 
and the Playhouse. 

A reception will follow the ser-
vice in the lobby, where Weiss 
memorabilia will be displayed. 

decision to endorse the name 
Eleanor Roosevelt. "We needed a 
name that could be used," said 
Manoguerra, adding that 
Roosevelt's name had great possi-
bilities in terms of providing a fo-
cal point for various educational 
programs. 

Another boost in favor of 
Roosevelt's name came from her 
grandson, Franklin Delano 
Roosevelt III, who expressed his 
approval of the use of her name. 

Manoguerra said that the pro-
cess had been such a long one in 
part because of the provost's in-
terest in making certain that ev-
eryone who wanted to was able to 
become involved in the naming 
process. 

."Tbe provost could have 
slapped any name on it before they 
opened the doors [to Fifth Col-
lege]. That's just not our philoso-
phy," she said. 

......." ..... 12 
3:40 Lm.: A 20-year-old male student was arrested for outstandlne 
traffic warrants, driving with a suspended license, failure to stop at two 
stop lights and failure to wear a safety belt. A 21-year-old male student 
was arrested for petty theft and possession of an illegal weapon at the 
Pepper Canyon Laundry room. 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a black '93 Isuzu Rodeo from 
Lot 101. Loss: $140. 
......" ..... 0 
11:41Lm.: A 29-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested for possession 
of a loaded firearm, possession of a knife over 2.5 inches in length, auto 
theft and for outstandine warrants for possession of a controlled 
substance, driving under the Influence, drivine with a suspended license, 
and exhibition of speed. A 27.year-old female non-affiliate was arrested 
for use of a controlled substance, driving without a license, and driving 
with expired registration. The male was transported to county jail. The 
female was cited and released. 
9:01 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a silver '86 Toyota 4-Runner 
from Lot 305. Loss: $5,000. 
"I •• ." Felt. 14 
11:30 Lm.: An engineer reported the theft of bowling balls from Warren 
Lecture Hall room 2014. Loss: $60. 
1:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a pager· from the Price Center. 
Loss $305. 
4:11 p.m.: A student reported the theft of film from the Visual Arts 
Oepartment. Loss $500. 
T....ur ...... U 
2:01 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported the theft of a class ring outside the 
PrIce Center Bookstore. Loss: $384. 
7:38 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Black Trek mountain bike from 
the Main Gym. Loss $450. 
W ...... .,I Fell. 11 
8:43 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a red '12 Ford LTD from Lot 
102. Loss: $2,400. 
"'..."Felt.1.7 
12:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '82 Pontiac from Lot 502. 
Loss: $5,000. 
3:24 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a gray '83 Datsun 280ZX from 
Lot 305. Loss: $4,000. 
MIIIJ, ,., sa 
1:10 Lm.: A staff member reported a burglary at Earl 's Place. Loss: $158. 
10'.10 Lm.: A staff member reported the theft of a gray 815 bike from 
Tanaya Hall. Loss: $70. 
12:41 p.m.: A faculty member reported the theft of cash from a wallet at 
Ritter Hall. Loss: $200. 

~plied by ErIk Johnson, SbIft' Writer 

... ~ ... ce ... 
a 

-m----------JlJd Hot Romance 
Nmx ______________________ _ 

~----~~----------

COSTA VERDE' np __ ~--~--------------
sno'Plna (enTeR 

At The Comer Of Genesee &. La Jolla Village Drive. 
Free Convenient Covered Parking. 458-9270 

Deadline to enler ~ Tundlf, March) , 1994. Four 
winners will Ix .ltttal by random drawing and will 
Ix notified by mail. Employm of ta Verde (or~ 
In: not digiblc. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

" 



" OPINION The UCSD Guardiaa Tuelday. February 22.1994 

COMMENTARY: The green movement too often aiticizes the world and forgets about the carnage in its own backyard 

,

he Union-Tribune recently ran a two-put 
firsa-plger bemoaning the disappearallcc of 
tropical rain forests. The story delivered 40 
paragraphs of horror and apocalyptic 
premonitions about the wholesale 

obhteration of the environment in South America, 
Soutbeasl Asia and parts of Africa. The reader was 
warned of the looming threat of global warming and the 
extinction of plants thai might have helped cure human 
diseases. 

We all know about this. You don'l have to he a 
member of the ceo-fringe to understand the message of 
such a story. Even the Bush administration, whose 
environmental policy nicely mirrored the bleak vision of 
Ayn Rand and her groupies (Le. the "Objectivistsj, 
admitted that global wanning would cause a slight rise 
in the world's oceans - probably enough to drown 
Bangladesh and the Maldive Islands, but not enough to 
flood Newport or Amsterdam. 

There is a fundamental problem with this entire 
discussion. Nearly two years ago, al the Brazilian Earth 
Summit, several countries and representative environ-
mental organizations lambasted the "developing" 
nations of the world for using less-than-ccologically-
sound means to increase their gross national products. 
Everything from nuclear power to rain foreSt clear-
cutting was cited. 

It took India's Prime Minister, Narasimha Rao (that 
nation 's sole delegate to the summit), to put it all in 
perspective: after poisoning their own waters and clear-
cutting their own forests, how sweet that the developed 
world should avoid looking their economic nihilism in 
the eye and instead slink like dogs to criticize the poor 
and starving. Since the Earth Summit, this angry 
criticism has been echoed consistently. 

"Developing" countries were once prime' colonial 
real estate which gained independence well after their 
minerals and other wealth were plundered. Even after it 
has theoretically left, the West still monopolizes the 
world market. Understandably, these ex-colonies - the 
so-called Third World - want fiscal equality with the 
First World, and they sec their remaining natural 
resources in the same way that the conquering powers 
viewed them: quick cash. However, as environmental-
ists are quick to point out, the environment is not a credit 
card. Many of these "developing" countries (especially 
Rwanda and Brazil) are experiencing ecological chaos 
because of political turmoil caused by lingering, 
malignant social class stratifications organized by the 
former colonizers. . 

Environmentalists have pul 100 much emphasis on 
deforestation and other ecological disasters in non-First 
World countries and too little on what is happening in its 
own backyard. This hypocritical stance is one major 
example of racism and cultural ignorance in the 
ecological movement. 

In the introduction to Ecodefense: A Field Guilk 10 
MonJcey.vrenching, Dave Foreman paints North 
America circa 1820 as an idyllic splendor. Then, in less 
than a paragraph, Foreman describes the utter devasta-
tion we have wreaked on this land since. "We have laid 
waste to paradise," Foreman says. All that remains of 
this pre-Manifest Destin)" pre..('..olum'?us Eden are 
ticky-tacky museum disPlays. In the Union-1'ribunt 

-liI9f¥-Ind countless other documentaries and articles, the 
world's tropical rain forests are portrayed as the essence 
of paradise, in much the same way as Foreman, John 
Muir, Thoreau, Lewis and auke have depicted the 
former beauty of our country. Does the Uniot!-Tribune 

~icate ample 5pIICC to airing the issue of ceo-
destrudion II home? Of course not. 

Mainstream environmenlll groups and capitalist 
powers have joined fOR:eS to point a finger II rain forest 
clear-aatting as the major ecological horror of the 
moment. After years of resisting the movement toward 
using post-consumer paper in their products, Jarge paper 
companies have since embraced the idea and sIartcd 
their own lines of "recycled" and "post-consumer" paper 
to gobble up the "greenie" dollar. . 

But what does it really mean? CIear-aauing contin-
ues in Idaho, Oregon, Washington and other staleS. 

of this timber comes from "public" Jands, replete with 
taxpayer-paved roads for the lumber companiea. Further, 
IIIOIt non-paper timber leaves the country unproc:esaed, 
destined for Japan where Jabor is cbeapcr and demand is 
insaDeIy high. It's bid enough that tbcIe trees are being 
hacked down in the first place, but this chop it/ship it 
sarategy does very little to aid the local economy. 

The same scenario Jooms in other paI1I of the world. 
Major timber oompanies are making plans with the 
World Bank and various governments to IeCUre the 
rights to miUions of acres of virgin foRst. When 
Louisiana-Pacific bas drained enough lumber from 
Oregon, it will peck up and head south for Oille. 
Georgia-Pacific, Weyerhalllltr and Hyundai have their 
wallets and eyeballs on a massive boreal forest in 
Russia. Hyundai has paid off Russian officials left aIId 
right, and is now busi.ly clear-aatting the forest. 
Weyerhauser has forged a coalition with the Russian 
timber industry to claim its own stakes. lAickily, Earth 
Island has intervened to help keep the carnage down -
that is, until the cash-poor Russian government needs to 
win another election and sells off the forest to the 
highest bidder. The picture is much bleaker in other 
countries. Cltile, Brazil, Russia, Colombia and Cambo-
dia all want a piece of the golden cake we've been 
eating since the industrial revolution. 

Many environmentalists, and the mainstream ceo-
corporations they support, 'roll their eyes in horror and 
preach Doomsday when they see the forests of these 
countries being slashed and burned for quick cash. But 
no one - not the Sierra Qub, Greenpeace or the 
Wilderness Society - said a word when Congress 
included anti-ecodefender legislation in the "Anti-Drug 
Abuse Act of 1988." The legislation dramatically 
increased penalties for tree spiking and, in the guise of 
"beefed-up drug enforcemetlt, " provided money to hire 
more federal officers to patrol areas where anti~earcut 
monkeywrcnchers do battle with timber companies. It's 
ironic that the rnajor congressional tool in the war on 
drup also strengthened the tax-funded folCCS battling 
America's green guerillas. But groups like Greenpeace 
and the Sierra Qull would rather focus on foreign 
ecological issues and avoid the thorny realities back 
home. 

This tendency has made it difficult for Icft-oriented 
labor groups, peoples of color and cco-dcfenders to 
forge sua:essful coalitions. When greenies stand-up on 
their soapboxes and criticize working-class loggers 
(those who cut the trees, not those who order the cutting) 
or developing nations, they alienate potential allies. 
Pointing the finger at anybody only serves to aid and 
abet divisiveness. Sure, this is the reason the Union-
Tribune exists, but it shouldn't be business II usual for 

pIOIp'CIIives. 
But it's too easy eo c:baIk up the whole problem eo the 

evils of Clpitalism. To say dial I ... capiIIlilm would 
illusUatc a dIIsic IeftiIt ovenipt since I've beMfitid 
from it more tbIII .. majority ~ tile people in the 
world. We need iIIteIlipt allidolea for capilalilm. We 
nul leek to uacIel1Iaad die compexitiea of ecoIop:aI 
problems ud the political __ wllicb prod and fuel 
their cailt.ace. 1...ambIaIi. "deveIopiaa" countries 
widIoIII pqiaa ovowa impualdea finI will pt. 
aowha lid IIbIb rllaypocrily. 'I1Ie dIpic:tioa of 
.ror11'11i in Brazil • ..,.. avaa-.a perfect 
pomi1 of ouneIveI one tIIat the media ud enviroe-
mental ... are 100 daft eo recop1a. 

T ...... y. Februa.., 22. 1994 The UCSD Guudiaa OPINION 5 

COMI L£JItIIAIIY: The pro-choice movement bas ~ng1y portrayed clinics which provide abortion alternatives as deceptive and coercive 

PRO-LIFE CUNICS PROVIDE REALITY CHECK 
., ..... IIuokenmeJer 
SenIor St." Writer 

Anti-abortion pregnancy clinics 
have received much ItIention in the 
media in tilt: last year, yet most of this 
attention ... failed eo enpae the 
reader in a rational diacussioa of the 
abortion issue andofthe reuons why 
such '1x>gua" clinicaexist. Like many 
articles writ1en on this controversy, 
Heather Huo Phillips' Feb. 17 
G,umwUl commentary ("Bogus 
Abortion ainiesj included several 
IllUmptionsthatdeservefurthcrscru-
tiny. 

Ms. Phillips begins by stating that 
"for most of us, pregnancy is the last 
thing on our minds, so when it takes us 
by surprise - becaIme of failed con-
traceptives or Iaclc of them in the first 
place - we are left to deal with a 
situation for which we have had no 
experience." 

While pregnancy may have been 
the unintended result of an act of 
intercourse, it is by no means unusual 
and should not come as a "surprise." 
Copulation not only brings mutual 
gratification, but abo reproduction. 
Even when coJUaception fails, preg-
nancy should not come as a surprise. 
Collll'llcqllives are by no means fool-
proof and cvea when they are used, 
pregnancy should always be consid-
ered a possibility. 

The effect of this arguments is 
two-fold. First, it separates sex from 
procreation. The two cannot be sepa-
rated in any natural senae, but only 

tbroughutificiaJ methodssuchucon-
tnception. Second, and perhaps more 
importantly, responsibility for one's 
action is removed from the individual 
and placed on technoloJY and society 
II large. Under ~ logic, abortion 
then becomes acceptable because the 
individual is not rcap>1III'bIe for the 
inadvertent pregnancy. 

However, pregnancy is • natural 
ouIamIe of sex. Therefore, its posai-
bility should inftuence QIIC'S actio .. 
before engaging in sex - not after. 
The blame for an unintended preg-
nancy, except in the cases of rape and 
illCCSl, lies squarely with the individu-
als involved. 

Another contentious issue is the 
portrayal of pro-life groups as "ex-
tremists." Anti-abortion groups have 
certaiolyemployedwhatarepen::eived 
to he extreme tactics. They are "ex-
treme" relative to the beliefs of the 
majority of Americans, who believe 
in limited aa:ess to abortion. How-
ever, measured against the yardstick 
of publico pinion, the beliefs and goaJs 
of pro-abonion activists are just as 
extreme. Repeated polls have shown 
thatAmericansdo not believe in abor-
tionondemand, nor do they believe in 
the oomplele prohibition of it. 

Radical anti-abortion groups have 
arisen because of the disparity be-
tween public opinion on the question 
of abortion and its legal standing. 
Extremist groups on both sides will 
continue to exist until this discrep-
ancy is resolved. The lesson is clear: 

pro-abortionista should be cautioa in 
definiD& lCCOIding to their own be-
liefs, what is extreme and what is not. 

Phillips complains that women are 
unduly subjected to "deceptive Icc-
tures and movies featuring bloody 
'fetuses' and women who were 'in-
jured' during abortion." 1be usc of 
quotations is suspect - it serves to 
delegitimize the word. 

Prenatal development is such that 
a fertilized ca qualifies as a zygote 
during the firsa two wccb after con-
ception. From then on, until the be-
giMing of the ninth week, it is re-
ferred to as an embryo. By the end of 
the eighth week, the embryo is caUed 
a "fetus." Abortion laws in the United 
States do not restrict accas to abor-
tion until the 24th week after concep-
tion. Those aborted after the ninth 
week arc, in fad, fetuses. To put quo-
tstions around the word "fetus" is not 
only irresponsible but scientifically 
incorrect, for many of those being 
aborted arc, in fad, fetuses. 

The reason that the termination of 
the fetus is "bloody" is because by the 
ninth week, the fetus has distinctly 
human attributes. It has functioning 
organs, arms, legs, eyes, fingers, geni-
tals, and the overall appearance of a 
human being. No entity this far along 
in development is without blood. To 
dismemher the fetus would logically 
result in a large amount of blood loss. 
These films document what actually 
happens during the abortion proce-
dure. Ms. Phillips and other critics 

rnisleadingly chanlcterize the entity 
inside the womb and seek to trivialize 
its development. These characteriza-
tions do not stand up against modem 
science. 

The pro-abortionist critique of 
these anti-abortion films and lectures 
directly contradicts the choice ethic. 
The nature of the word "choice" im-
plies that one bas access to enough 
information regarding alternatives and 
can decide on the best outcome for the 
individual inqucstion. The problem is 
that up until Webster vs. Casey, states 
could not pass any laws l'UJuiring that 
women be given information about 
alternatives to abortion. Even now, 
they must not pose an "undue burden" 
on women. 

Abortion has been prevalent in our 
society because women are not fully 
informed about fetal development or 
abortion alternatives. If women were 
educated about the development of 
the fetus and the actual abortion pm-
cedure, abortion would not be so wide-
spread. The uterus has the unique 
quality of concealing prenatal devel-
opment and the procedure itself. In 
doing so, both are removed from our 
realm of experience. 

Because one cannot see the fetus 
nor directly witness its death, one is 
not motivated to act on its behalf. 
Experience has the effect of evok.ing a 
moral response and motivating most 
to action. For instance, the reason that 
most of us are not demanding that our 
government intervene to help the be-

siepd Bosnians is because we are 
removed from the horrors of the war. 

Visual imagesand written accounls 
documenting the atrocities of the war 
evoke our moral sentiments and a 
desire to help the victims. Upon hear-
ingthat prisoners of the war have been 
subjected to such torture as having to 
bite off the testicles of their fellow 
prisoners (this has been documented 
in AP reports), our sense of justice is 
aroused and our indifference disap-
pears. In the same manner, under-
standing the process of abortion and 
the development of that which is 
aborted would not only more fully 
inform women about "abortion" but 
would most likely induce many of 
them to choose to carry pregnancies 
io term. . 

Poliiical philosopher James Q. 
Wilson reiterates this: " The problem 
with deciding on an abortion without 
a viaual encounter with the fetus (or 
embryo) is that one is relieved, to a 
degree, of any sense of the extent to 
which another life may be at stake." 

The rise of "bogus" clinics has 
come about because women have 
not been given full information in 
regard to fetal development and abor-
tion alternatives. Only when abor-
tion laws are consistent with the 
wishes of the American people as a 
whole will the controversy surround-
ingabortion subside, the existence of 
reactionary groups on both sides be 
tempered and the number of abor-
tions decrease. 

..... 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

Dr." 
into 

Catdonlia 
5OO-N-Sport 
& check these 

,.rIIl 
BLOIIIIOUr 

I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda Hyu 
~ \.I ............ IIUlU Acura Oa 

Excellentreferencel from our utl.fIed customersl 

Minor Tune Up Special $24 ~reg.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our rune up Includes a lot more than othets. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Adjuat dwell angle 10. Check undarcarrilge for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brIkea damIgaa 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check cIu1ch 11. Check cooing aystam & hoses 
5. Check and replenish III ftuid 

and oillevell 
9. Check IighIa 12. Road tIIIIt 

35-polnt Major Service Special $64 * 
&h for fufll-ifl/«*d, Our "'*' line up incJudeI: (r8g. $150) 

1. c:on,n.Ion lilt 
2. VIlMlIdjuIImInI 11. is = 20. lLtIt tront end 28. ChU IIId NChIrge ~CCMtflllkll It. r.n::t 21.=~=1iIh1l . 2t.=:-IIi!';i~ 
4. SDMI pkiQI, 14. lit & lull iatIo 22. ChU illl:lrte.!ayIIIm 30. aIIdl ... = 
5. DIAtbUIOi palla. "*'- 23. ChU IDr IcIC* & loll 31 : lI*I door 

8.~. Il.iltlertngbox boItI 32.ChUIl 7. AIr....... 11. Ii*" :M.OIIdItmIeI 33. OIIdIcoaIng...." a 
8.01_. 17. bIIMI 25.OIIdIc:M:tI 1lOIII 
9. GII ....... n II. IIIIIf.VIiICJ brIkM •. 0IIdI1IgIIIa 34. OIIdI .... ayIIIm 
10 Engine oil 1'. aiIdI & .... 1lcpoMII 27. 0IIdI1i1dRarr1lgl 35. Roell till 

. bib b dIinIgeI 
_ , III ~_ ... _ T.,.. ........ aD. o..tlODlX _ ................ 

Complete 
Clutch Job 164* Brake Job $39* Special (1111 •• ) 

I ........................ ......, 
.. ,...... 
.. a.. .. 
............. 
......... 
.............. 
7 ..... 

-........ .......... 

----
--

Itrft or,. "., /tit ....... 
1 . ........ -_ .... -
.... 
.. ............... 

................ .,.. 
4 ..... ~ .... 

llmlnD Ben Special $99* 
I 

............... 

..... -" ...... _ .. 
7 ..... ___ " 

~-.. ..... 

.,. .. _ .............. I11I1I ..... IIII. __ WMl .... I.,..,. 
........ 1 ...... .....,. All ............... -I11III'. 

.... -~ X 800811nm.Ad. L............ 6.5·1880 
........ 

prices out! ~"ll 

CAUFORNIA 
1i1JRF-N-IiPIJRT 
619 PEARL 
LA JOLLA 

MONDAY 
MONDAY 
MADNESS 

$1.00 Pizza DIles 
I"" ..... $1.00 IG-oz. ..... 
7"" ..... 

Drives 
Reverts 
Spoons 

_""0 
Pyro 
Diablo 
Davis 

Reg. $265 
Reg. $345 
Reg. $375 

Reg. $340 
Reg. $340 
Reg. $390 

Umited supplyl 
................ VlSA,IK,W 

TUESDAY 
OUR FAMOUS 1.,. 

WEDNESDAY 
BLACKJRED 

miN NIGHT 
.... "-01"- fDr $5 

(P wIIh UCSD ID) 
...n ..... .,.,., .... 

hm 7 pmocIoIe 

WING NIGHT 
"""'''' dNI. $2 PINT NIGHT 
·hm7 ......... 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardiaa Tueiday, February 22, 1994 

A.S. MISSED THE RELEvANT ISSUES OF CULTURAL CENTER 
F.dItor: 

On Feb. 9,1 resolution in favor of 
a cultural center was submitted to the 
AS. Council by Marshall College 
Senator Michael Lim. The resolution 
was debated for a few hours, and then, 
due to considerable opposition from 
variouscouncilmembers,it waspasscd 
to a subcommittee. 

I feel that the council did not cor-
rectly identify the central issues at 
hand. Namely, the need for a center 
that will effectively address the needs 
and concerns of particular 
underrepresented students as well as 
facilitatec:ommunication between dif· 
ferent cultural groups. 

Councilmembers did not debate 
the need for a cross-cultural center, 
but they failed to recognize where the 
emphasis of such a center should be 
placed. UCSD has one of the lowest 
enrollment rates of students of color. 
For example, there are currently only 
84 full-time, black male students en-
rolled at UCSD. The fact that the 
percentage of students of color at 
UCSD does not reflect the population 
at large or the percentages of eligible 
studentsofc:olorgraduating from high 
schools is a much recognized pr0b-
lem. As studies conducted by the Of-
fice of the President indicate, these 
ratesofunderenrollmentcanbetraced 
to the campus climate - UCSD does 
not have support facilities comparable 
to other UCS. 

The Cross-Cultural Center Coali-
tion has recognized this problem and 
has seen a possible solution with the 
creation of a cross-cultural center. It 
would help to both attract and retain 
underrepresented students. 

Some councilmembers argue that 

the problem with the proposal is that 
it would not be inclusive of all cui· 
tures. The priRwy purpose of the 
center is not to represent III cultures 
- and it need not be. There is not I 
lack of representation of Caucasian 
students or their culture on campus as 
there is with African·American stu-
dents. This center will not sepgate 
students of color, but rather, generate 
a lacking sense of community and the 
opportunity for fellow students to be 
educated on cultures that are often 
omitted in standard curriculums. In 
addition, nocultural group is excluded 
from the coalition's proposal, only 
particular groups are targeted as being 
underrepn:sented. 

Finally, those that have actually 
read the proposal know that the issue 
of communication between all cul-
tures is adequately addressed. How-
ever, this is not the primary force 
behind the~tion of the center. Ad-
dressing the needs of the rapidly 
shrinking population of students of 
color (and working toward of slop-
ping this downward trend) need to be 
the central concem in the establish· 
ment of a cross-cultural center. By 
voting against the proposal, the AS. 
only perpetuates the problem. 

NIIOIIII Fdt 
Lobby DIrector 

A.S. ExtenuII AII'aIn 

A.S. M ......... 1Ited 
Cultural Cent. 
EdItor: 

RegardingtheAssociated Students' 
response to the Feb. 14 article, we 
believe that theAS. necdssome issues 
clarified about the cross cultural cen-

READERS' 

FORUM 
11IeGuMIIM IMIblmn lIIfIIIIIlIam lis 1Ndn. 
NlIilftJlrlIIIUIt lie no /tItWIIf.,... __ ,...., 
bPH. tIOclO/Hp8Ced ItId .....,. We _ 
tile IWIt to lilt fIJI /efWIII1tId CiIIIfCY. Sent1 .. 
IIIIIIets to: 

The coun.n 
"'**'" EI1I!Or 

lI500 GKrNn Or. 0316 
uJo/la, CA 9~6 

ter proposal. They stated that the AS. 
is "strongly committed to 
multiculturalism andtheestablishment 
of a ~ltural center," but did not 
support this proposal because it did 
not address "the need( s] of all stu-
dents." However, the cross~lturai 
center proposal clearl y states that 
among ils main purposes is to provide 
cultural resean:h facilities for every-
OM, tutorials, mentorship programs 
and worksbopsfot' ~ exhibits 
and multicultural art collections for 
~ and the list goes on .... Such 
objectives not only enhance 
multiculturalism, but also promote 
academic excellence for everyone. 

The CIOSKuItural center proposal 
does not "isollte Ind exclude these 
groups further." How can I collective 
that pushes for the empowerment and 
equal representation of people of color 
be In act of isolation Ind exclusivity? 

I 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 

1'1IeIe JIOUIIB, which were IIIpIed by 
the university as underrepaented in 
the UCSD community, joined thecoa-
lition in order to be included in this 
system. Although programs Ind ac-
tivities 1hat currently service students 
of color provide a means for inclusion 
of tbese groups in tbis system, 
underrepresenlltion still exists and 
needs to be addRiSScd through. num-
ber of different strategies such as this 
proposal. 

We hope that the A.S. understands 
the need for a cross-c:ultural center 
hereltUCSD. This proposal does not 
try to exclude them. Instead, this pro-
posal only seeks to include them, and 
is a definite step toward achieving that 
goal. 

Gl"8C.'e Dueias 
Sybil VlllaaueYa 

Cultural Cent. Is 
RacI ........... 
EdItor: 

Racial segregation has reared its 
ugly head again,onJy this time it's not 
being advocated by white racists, but 
by minority racists. A coalition of 
minority groups at UCSD is demand-
ing the establishment of a Cross-Cul-
tural Center that would include com-
munity outreach programs IIIpting 
people solely on the basis of skin 
color, I cultural library to separate 
"minority" books from "white" boob, 
an art gallery to separate "minority" 
art from "white" art and tutoring ser-
vices whose availability to students 
would be based solely on their skin 
color. 

Outreach programs should reach 
out to all communities, regardless of 

theirethnic makeup. Boob about other 
culturel belong in the existing UCSD 
libraries. Worts of art by or about 
minorities can be, and are currently, 
displayed in UCSD's regular art gal-
leries. Tutoring should be available to 
all students, regardless of skin color. 

It is tragic that we have fallen from 
Dr. Martin Luther King's dream of 
racial equality to I society where 
people of color no longer want to be 
treated as human bei~ but as memo 
bers of a privileged minority. 1 won-

. der how long it will be before we see 
drinking fountains libeled, "Non-
whites only." 

EdW .... r 

EdItorIal Redd ••• 
Editor: 

I've just read the Feb. 10 GUIII'diIuI 
editoriaJ("AdministraiionShould.Sup-
port Mulicultural Center"), and it's 
obvious that "you just don't get it." 

You continue to show your irre-
sponsibility by failing to understand 
that it takes money to make things 
happen. In your Jan. 27 editorial you 
bemoaned the recklessness of the UC 
Board of Regents for daring to raise 
fees to cover the costs of running the 
university system. In the Feb. to piece 
you have the audacity to Rquest that 
funds be spent frivolously on I "fully 
funded" multicultura\ center. 

On the one hand you would deny 
merit and/or CXlIt of! iving increases for 
deserving employees while, on the 
other, be willing to fund something of 
questionable value. I believe you owe 
it to your reading public to explain in 
detail how and where the funds for a 
multicultural center would be obtained. 

RobertK11e 

• CAPPUCCINO • LAne 
• 
• 

MOCHA • ESPRESSO -
-

-: 2 FO~ 1 OR SO% OFF : 
Ana Castillo, author of So Far from God and 

The Mixquiahuala Let!ers reads and signs 
• Bring this coupon and a friend to the Java Coast Courtyard and receive _ 
• two of our fine coffee drinks for the price of one. Or come by yourself _ 
• and receive 50% off the price of a drink. 
• . The Java Coast Courtyard now proudly accepts the PLUS 
• CARD and meal plan points. Look for a second location 

coming soon at Club Med (School of Medicine). 
• 
• 

Exp. 2125194 • 
· .... -.... -.... -.... --... 

NEW! 
SOUP-N-SALAD SPECIAL 

. • A fresh take-out salad from our salad bar 
• Hot, wholesome soup 
• Big, icy cold 32 oz. drink TOP 

OPTH. 

UAD • 35 items to choose from • 2 specialty salads daily • New dressings • 2 soups eactl day 

9!~~keUtr< 
only· 

$7.95 
Available 8:00 pm-l 0:00 pm 

Monday-Thursday 

Whole 
Pizza 

Special I 
Pepperoni 
Cheese 
, Vegetarian 
HawaIIan 
Pizza Oscar 

a t the 
UCSD 

Bookstore 

"UB"", II 
I.. • .1 1 

IIiiiiI 
S34-READ 

Tue.day, February 22,1994 

BUDGET: uc 
asks for funding shift 
to cover repair costs 
Continued from PIlI. 1 
upgrade Ritter Hall at UCSD, to 
addition to repairing a building at 
UC Berkeley and three buildings 
at UCLA. 

By requesting the $3.5 million 
shift in funding, the university also 
hopes to accelerate repairs on 10 
wood-frame buildings at UCSD. 

The university also hopes to 
use this money to fund repairs 
from the damage caused in the 
Jan. 17 earthquake. 

The cost of repairing earth-
quake damage at UCLA is esti-
mated at $20 million, which in-
cludes a share of the expense to 
repair and retrofit the towers of 

EMPLOYEE: 
University defends 
grievance policies 
Continued from pac. 1 
nician Paul Molnar, said he has 
come up against numerous ob-

Mono 
Have you had mono within 
the last month? If so. you 

could help medical research 
and earn $90 a week. 

HemaBlologlcs, Inc. 

682-5252 

Royce Hall, builtin the late 19205. 
The university is requesting 

state funds to cover only part of 
the cost of repairs and retrofitting 
of Royce Hall. The bulk of the 
repair expense is expected to come 
from the Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency (FEMA), al-
though some state matching funds 
are required. 

At January's meeting of the 
Board of Regents, UC Santa Cruz 
Chancellor Karl S. Pister re-
ported that FEMA had yet to pro-
vide all of the repair expenses 
needed for damage caused to 
UCSC during the 1989 Loma 
Prieta earthquake. 

The UCOfficeofthe President 
denied a report in the UC Santa 
Barbara student newspaper, The 
DQily Nexus, that the university 
was considering an increase in stu-

stacles since he first filed a griev-
ance against the university last 
February, claiming that another 
employee had been unfairly pro-
moted above him. 

"I wastumed down. I got passed 
over for an employee who had just 
been put in the same classification 

The UCSD Guardian 

dent fees to cover the costs of 
earthquake repairs at UCLA. The 
Nexus quoted an unnamed educa-
tion analyst in Sacramento who 
said that students could expect 
anywhere from a $50 to $300 ad-
ditional fee increase to cover re-
pair costs at UCLA. 

" I have not heard anything like 
that," said UC spokesman Mike 
Alva. 

Under the revised plan, fund-
ing for three projects will be de-
layed for a year in order to accel-
erate the earthquake repairs else-
where. 

Those projects include provid-
ing equipment for a classroom at 
UCSD, expanding a water distri. 
bution system at UC Berkeley and 
purchasing equipment for the 
Southern Regional Library Facil-
ity at UCLA. 

that I had held for 15 years," 
Molnar said. 

The employee was a distant 
relative of the person who hired 
him, according to Molnar. He 
added that the current head of 
the machine shop had been pro. 

See EMPLOYEE, Page 9 

NEWS 7 

COLORED LENSES $13'9*BROWN EYES TO BLUE WJ D2-0PAQUES 
COMPLETE with S10manulacturer'S rebale 

- DalIJWear btendedWear SeIII"'~bles C.,lat. Complet. CanIPIetl $89* $109* $169*a, 
*Includes: Complete Eye Exam • Fitting • Follow-up Care 

• Care Kit • Near Sighted Rx only • Other Major Brands in Stock 
Dr. lick We take the time to listen and explain. 
SELBY. /6780 Miramar Rd. /578 6796 , O. D. 2 miles east 01805 (behind Carl's Jr.) -
$59 Extra Thin Eyeglass lenses! l~~~~\~T 
Headache Sufferers Wanted 

TENSION 
HEADACHE 
REsEARCH STUDY 

Don't be one of the 45 million 
chlonic headache sufferers - help is 
available. Dr. ScII'-I can put 
heal1l1 back in your life. ClllrepqctIc 
treatment and realignment of the 
spine has prO'iefl very ef fective in the 
relief of mllraine and stresS-felated 
headaChes. A resurch study comparing two _1I~tablished paln medicines Is being conducted under the direction 0/ a 

UCSD faculty member. 

QuAuFnD PAlf1lClPANI'S ww. REcEIVE: 
CIIIr.iCtic also effectively helps 
• Auto. work and sports injuries 
• Back. neck 'and jOint pain 
• FaliCUe. inmune system disorders 

• A Iree medical examination • Free medication 
• A Iree stopwatch and timer • A $SO payment 

II Interested please call 297 ·916 9 c-.t..,_Inouronco. 

1·800~CAR·FIXED 
(1-800-227 -3493) . 

Save Money On Car··Repairs 

110% OFF 
1 all repalrs* I 
1 wHII1II1I ..,.1 1 
1 SlMnfI. IICIIIJ IIId ItllI 1 A £30 Mi . . B D' ' 1 ~:~=D':, 1 'tU 88100 ay rive (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
• 

tr_illlOII --..1. 1 M,F 7 _5:30 pm. Sat. 81m,S pm 
•• t YlNd wit. '" ot .. , 

L eo.,ol . hpl ... 113D114 . 
.......... .t--------------------------------------~ 

$$ Early 6irtJ Savings $$ 
If you like getting the most for your money, then the 
Super Saver Early Bird Special is just for you. Selected 
Residence Hall space at Revelle College has been set 

asi~e for thi~ budg~t saving program. When you sign up 
you 11 be taking advantage of the lowest housing rates 
available for 94/95. In addition, early birds will be able 
to move in early, stay over breaks, live 
with friends from other colleges, /t 
and enjoy the option of a flexible L.) 
1500 All Points Meal Plan. Sign- . « 
up will be on March 3. Jump on 
this offer before it flies away! 

Call 535-1433 for info For more information about 
t he Early Bird "pecial call 
the Room Lottery Infolln8 
at5M-1&13. 

tX visit 711 UnMnity CenIw, 2nd 1Iocr, 
(abcM 0uIbadc ~, blhind !he MW Visual Ar1s Building, 

near Firth CoIege) 10 fill out an appIicaIionl 



8 NEWS 

DRAMA: The Players, an 
acting troupe which formed last 
quarter, has given a group of 
UCSD undergraduates a chance 
to strut their stuff on stage 
By aiM Fresc:hl 
Staff Writer 

HEN MARSHALL COL-
lege senior Tristan 
Higgins-Goodell ar-
rivedatUCSD,shewas 
struck by the lack of 

opportunities for undergraduates to partici-
pate in theatrical productions. According to 
Higgins-Goodell , the campus' Theatre De-
partment was geared more toward graduate 
student productions. 

"There are a lot of really talented under-
graduate students here, and I thought I was 
one of them, and I didn't feel like there was 
enough for me to do," Higgins-Goodell 
said . " [The Theatre Department] is very 
avant-garde and inaccessible to a main-
stream audience. It 's a great department, 
and the people are really supportive, but 
there 's nothing for undergraduates to do 
other than to fill out the roles the graduates 
don ' t take." 

With that in mind, ·Higgins-Goodell 
headed a group of five undergraduates who 
were also interested in theater. Together, 
they founded UCSD's newest mainstream 
theater group last quarter, called The Play-
ers. And according to members of the act-
ing troupe, The Players is here to stay. 

"1 think it's very important that under-
graduates get a chance to experience the 
different aspects of theater, whether they be 
acting, directing, lighting or design, now, 
before they approach graduate school," said 
Muir College junior Shaina Goldman, a 
founding member of the troupe. 

Fifth College freshman Danielle Pessis, 
an undeclared major, said her participation 
in The Players has given her a chance to 
learn more about the theater. While work-
ing backstage organizing sets and props, 
Pessis learned about the production tech-
niques involved in producing a musical 
from the bottom-up. "[The Players] gives 
me the opportunity to continue with what I 
love without having to be a theater major," 
she said. 

The club attracts students of all majors 
who have an interest in the theater, accord-
ing to Higgins-Goodell . "I envisioned [The 
Players] to be a free theater for undergradu-
ates, by undergraduates, regardless of tal-
ent," she said. . 
WI"" FII .... 

The Players filled a void left in the The-
atre Department after Ivan Talijancic, 
founder of the undergraduate-run 
Undergraund theater group, disbanded the 
group before leaving for graduate school. 
Higgins-Goodell and Goldman approached 
the A.S. last quarter with the idea for The 
Players, hoping to receive funding as a new 
student organization. 

"We approached the A.S. trying to affect 
as many people as possible and trying to get 
people turned on to the theater who hadn' t 
been before," Goldman said. 

Revelle College senior Ken Cerniglia, a 
member of The Players, said that the fact 
that the club aimed to serve all undergradu-
ates interested in theater, dance, choreogra-
phy and directing, convinced the A.S. to 
fund the club. 

"We received a lot of support, "Cerniglia 
said. "The A.S. is really in support of our 
mainstream focus. They're trying to push it 
because this is the first time there has been 
a group of this size that has produced a 
musical." 

In order to supplement the A.S. funding, 

Thto UCSD Guardian 

The Players have organized fund-raisers 
ranging from bake sales and sin~ing tele-
grams to "street theater" performances in 
which they "rent" out their acting services 
to students in the form of short skits or 
pranks. 

"You could come over to our table, you 
could give us a dollar, and say, 'See that 
person over there? I want you to go over 
there and pretend like you know her and you 
met her at a party last night,'" Higgins-
Goodell said. 

Fund-raising and A.S. funds are The 
Players' main source of income. Their per-
formances are free to the public as an exten-
sion ofthe founders' vision ofa free theater. 
"We don 't want to charge," Higgins-Ooodell 
said. "It's crucial to me and it is in our 
constitution that the theater is free, and I'd 
hate to see that go away." 
......... _,... 

When Higgins-Goodell formed the 
troupe, she said she wanted to produce 
plays and musicals that were more main-

GUARDIAN 

FEHTUHES 
stream than the selections offered by the 
Theatre Department. Focusing on more ac-
cessible material has been key to The Play-
ers' success. 

"I wanted the theater to be mainstream 
but I like fringe, things that are' a little bit 
different, " said Higgins-Goodell, citing her 
choice of "Linle Shop of Horrors" for the 
troupe's first production last quarter. 

"The Players ia an open organization. It 
is accessible to non-theater majors and our 
performances draw a broad audience," said 
Revelle College senior Usa Allen, another 
founding member of the organization. She 
added that The Players offers undergradu-
ates lhe chance to work with a wide range of 
actors and offers a chance for theater enthu-
siasts to socialize. 

The Players' premiere production of 
"Little Shop of Horrors" in December drew 
approximately 1,000 people to the Price 

Tuetday, February 22, 1994 

Center Theatre during the several perfor-
mances of the musical. Cerniglia, who 
played Seymour in the production of "Little 
Shop," said he thought this first perfor-
mance was key in establishing The Players 
on campus. "I think ["Linle Shop"] was 
successful and people liked it. People still 
come up to me and say, 'That was great, 1 
really hope you guys do more stuff,'" 
Cerniglia said. 

According to Cerniglia, since The Play-
ers is still developing a concept of their 
vision of theater, students who get involved 
have a lot of influence on the direction the 
troupe will take. 

"It's a great opportunity for undergradu-
ates becauae the organization is young and 
anyone who gets involved will have a lot of 
say in it," he said. 
............ 

For the bulk of this quarter, The Players 
have been rejuvenating themselves from 
-Linle Shop" and planning for their next 

See PLAYERS, Pace 9 

Tueaday, February 22,1994 

PLAYERS: 
Acting troupe makes 
plans for next quarter 
ContInued from INtI- 8 
major production. When the A.S. 
froze student organization funds 
this quarter because ofthe Smith v. 
Regents ruling, the possibility of 
putting on a major production this 
quarter was postponed. However, 
Higgins-Goodell said this did not 
affect the club much because mem-
bers needed a break after the hec-
tic schedule of "Little Shop." 

Until the announcement that 
student organization funds would 
be frozen for Winter Quarter, The 
Players was considering produc-
ing either the comedy "Noises 
Off," or a new project in directing 
or choreography. Now those plans 
have been put off until next quar-
ter. 

Also on the drawing board for 
next quarter is '''A' My Name is 
Sti II Alice," a piece which recently 
premiered at the Old Globe The-
ater in San Diego and is based on 
a '70s musical, " 'A' My Name Is 
Alice." Both plays include an all-
female cast and focus on women's 
issues. 

The Players has also planned a 
project for next quarter which will 
give students directi ng experience 
through workshops in which they 
stage one-act plays and examine 
various theories and techniques of 
directing. 
ScrIpt Debut 

This quarter The Players has 
helped bring an undergraduate script 
recognition by sponsoring "Time 
of Ash" a play by Muir College 

senior John Busenberg, which will 
be performed this week outside the 
new Visual Artsbuilding. After writ-
ing ''Time of Ash," his tirst major 
script, Busenberg presented it to 
Higgins-Goodell as a potential pro-
duction for The Players. 

"When I read John 's script, I 
thought it was really fabulous and 
I was really impressed that an un-
dergraduate had written it. I 
thought it should be produced," 
said Higgins-Goodell . Collaborat-
ingwith Director Nakissa Etemad, 
a first-year graduate student, The 
Players assisted the production for 
the play. 

The play is about i woman 
doctor who discovers a cure for 
an AIDS-like disease called the 
"plague." After shunning her gay 
son, the doctor is arrested for hid-
ing her cure from the govern-
ment. While in jail, she is ex-
posed to cell mates of diverse 
sexual preferences who challenge 
her beliefs. 

" It's a dystopic AIDS fable set 

The UCSD Guardian 

in a nightmarish future where a 
revolutionary homophobic gov-
ernment has taken over and AIDS 
is running rampant. I think on a 
less-grand scale, it's about people 
trying to understand one another, 
and exploring how to be intimate 
in a cruel world," said Busenberg, 
who started his first draft during 
December of 1992 and has since 
produced six revisions. 

Higgins-Goodell said she was 
attracted to the script because it 
expresses beliefs about sexuality 
with which she identifies. " I think 
that one ofthe reasons John 's piece 
is really wonderful because it deals 
with these alternative sexual it ies," 
she said. 

Busenberg's father died last year 
of Lou Gehrig's disease, which de-
bilitates its victims slowly, much 
like the AIDS virus. This event, 
coupled with an exploration of his 
own sexuality, inspired Busenberg 
to write "Time of Ash." 
TheLonC-T ...... 

Future goals of The Players in-
clude establishing the club as a 
forum through which actors, danc-
ers, choreographers and directors 
can realize their visions on stage. 
Members are currently planning 
trips to Los Angeles to see musi-
cals and organize guest speakers 
from the acting profession to ap-
pear at weekly meetings. 

Higgins-Goodell envisionsThe 
Players becoming a long-standing 
organization for those interested 
in theater. 

" I hope that I'll be able to call 
up in five years and say ' How 's 
The Players? ' And they ' ll tell me, 
' Just great, wejust did 'The Music 
Man ' or 'Les Miz,'" she said. 

EMPLOYEE: 
UCSD staffer claims 
employer harassment 
Continued from pace 7 
moted four times, while Molnar 
held the same classification for 
15 years. 

After he filed his February 
grievance, Molnar sa id supervi-
sors began harassing him, and 
Labor Relations did not prevent 
harassment during grievance pro-
cedures which continued for sev-
eral months. . 

"There have been an awful lot 
of retaliations and an awful lot of 
violat ions of univers ity proce-
dure. Basically, supervisors do 
what they wa nt," Molnar said. 

Several years of outstanding 
evaluations of Molnar by his su-
pervisor took a nosedive aft er he 
filed his grievance. New reports 
said Molnar was less than sat is~ 
factory at his job in the Scripps 
Institution o f Oceanography 's 
Point Loma machine shop. 

" I've been working with the 
university for 15 years, and over 
the years I've built up a pretty 
good reputation," Molnar said . 

"Since the grievance, they have 
taken one action after another 
against me. I got a bad evalua-
tion, and everything went down 
all of a sudden," he added . 

But Molnar said the quality of 
his work did not decline after 
filing his grievance. " I'm not go-
ing to cheat the univers ity out of 
the quality of work I've been do-
ing for 15 years," he said. " I take 
pride in my job." 

Previously, Molnar had been 

NEWS 9 

commended for his work, for 
which he won an achievement 
award in 1990. 

In addition, Molnar claims 
he has been given several s u-
perfluous counseling memos 
for viol at ions of such po licies 

as cha n~ngshoesi ntheshop 
before start ing work, talki ng 
to other employees and visit-
ing anot her employee in the 
e mpl oyee ' s office after hours . 

" I got accused of talki ng to a 
co-worker. I was aski ng ques-
tions regard ing t he job. I'm 
working with this guy, right?" 
Molnar said, addi ng that the 
other employee did not receive 
a memo for the violation. 

In another case, " I was told 
by another employee, I' m a 
fucking Czechoslovakian, and I 
should go back where I came 
from," said Molnar, who isorigi-
nally from Czechoslovakia. He 
added that the employee has 
since been promoted. 

"They want to make it so 
stressful that somewhere along 
the line, I'm going to say, ' Hey, 
it 's not worth it. ' But I' m not 
going to pull out," Molnar said . 

Molnar said that Labor Rela-
tions failed to prevent any ha-
rassment and dragged its feet in 
handling his claims. " I don ' t 
think people should be afraid to 
file a grievance. [Labor Rela-
tions] should be the onesto make 
sure no retaliation is launched 
against employees," he said. 

Molnar currently has nine 
grievances pending against the 
university. The claims are sched-
uled for hearings in the next few 
months. 

The UC San Diego 

STUDENT NATIONAL MEDICAL ASS OCIATIO N (SNMA ) h is an a~ard-winn i ng columnist for · C ~ the San Diego Union-Tribune 
<i! '-l, jt. and Parents magazine. , ~ He i also the author of V Childhood's Future, 

America II, and 

A 

• 
• 
• 

would like to invite you to join us in 

CELEBRAT o N o F 

tory 
Guest Speaker: Dr. Philip}. Raphael, ~OLUl.5t:££ 
UCSD Student Affairs-Psychological/Courueling "etlilllJlllll"""a 
The Community Acrors Theater production of "THEY SA 
......... 

,. ..... ii"-u.:~lI.elgee lrutitute Experiments 

Art Exhibition oftoc·ttl'III..-tl",ts, including Dr. IOll1'Zll1V 

6:30 ...... "" 
UCSD "'l'tlI,V\1 O1l\11e:OICI,ne Science Building 
Garren Aud 
Refreshments will be served. 

Sponlored by UCSD School of MedIcIne, Special AdmilliOllI Support Prooram, (111)53 .... 170 
Program procluc;ld by SNMA IIIImbtrl: Dimitri Barr, Cyntilia 8ec:k. Camill. Falkner. 

Lillie Nur ... Oayld Pryor. SII.lIa Ste.art. and Kristina Woodson (811) .. 3· ... 12. 

, Fa the rLo ve. 

o 
~ 

10 Vc 
iln Do Fot 

anchor books 534 - R E o 



10 NEWS 

PUB 
EATS: BIG OL' SUBS & 
!cOOL PUB SNACKS AT 
IGREAT PRlCES 
!DRINKS: MANY NON-
BEER CHOICES & THE 
BEST DRAFT SE LEC-
TION OF MICROBREWS 
AND IMPORTS AROUND 
INFO: OPEN MON-FRI 
11 :30am TO MJDNIGI-IT . 
!ALL AGES WELCOME, 

~RINKERS BRING J.D. 

Greeks! 
Tired of paying too 

much for the same old 
Greek letters? 

Give ZE"fAWFAR. caUl 

We offer quality double 
salin stitching 

at an affordable price. 
FuU service 

to your door! 

ZETAWEAR 
(619)521-8281 
(619)923-0654 
_.iiI 

rparis' 
$185~ 

COita Rica $133-
London $"-
Germany $"-
East Coat $184-
Mexico City $ .,. 

' A11 I.a •• uch __ on • rtMICItrip 
purehosc. lox .. not Included. Some mtne· 
ttons appfy Studrmt . stlltus m.ty bt rtquirtd . 

................ "." 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Calkr (by the Post 0f1'ia) 

Open Mall., TUII., TIIn., FtI. 1).5 Wed., 11).5 

The UCSD Cuardiaa 

KFIVIB-TV PRESE .... TS 

wiltha 

UC 
SAN DIEGO 

Revelle Plaza 
February 28, 11 a.m. - 5p.m. 

March 1, 10a.m. - 4p.m. 
pre .. nted by: 

UCSD 
Recreation 

01993 CBS Inc. All Rights Reserved. . 
-No Purchase Necessary. Sweepstakes ends 5115/94. 

Moaday, February 14,1994 

ARENA 
Photographs and Interviews by 

..... c-. 

What would you rename 
Fifth College? 

Bob Marley 
College. 

-JoutHn 
CopeIMd 

Muir Freshman 

Marie Curie 
College. 

-D.vld Akul"n 
Marshall Senior 

Margaret Mead 
College. 

-UARutzkk 
Fifth Junior 

Conrad Hilton 
College. 

-Menditla IIJItoa 
Marshall Sophomore 

Camp Crusty. 
-Crqkk 

Revelle Freshman 

lello Biafra 
College. 

-Mlala MclaiJr'e 
Fifth Freshman 

Tueed.y, Febru.ry 22,1994 The UCSD Gu.rdian 

REEK"C 
What Is 
~~~~~ANGL&~~lr~~ 

Greek Leadership and Education. is a 
national peer counseling program. 
which the UCSD IFClPanhellenic 
broughtonlo campus in 1991. ANGLE 
is a group of peer counselors who bave 
been professionally trained in a variety 
of crisis intervention areas. sucb as 
culturaJdiversity.daterape.depressioo. 
silicide. and AIDS. 

UCSDGreeks apply for the program 
during Winter quarter. Those selected 
start the intense training progrllQ in 
the Spring. Professionals in the local 
community volunteer 10 conduct the 
training sessions. ANGLE members 
end the school year as trained peer 
counselors. After a quarter of training. 
the peer counselors begins their term 
in the fall qu arter and continue 
througbout the year working within 
their individual chaplers. 

The peer counselors ac t as an 
intermediary between the students and 
professional resources. Since some 
self-help organizations on campus may 
seem unapproachable. many are \00 
uncomfortable to -go seek the belp 
needed . Peer counselors for ANGLE 
provide a link to these on campus 
services. Students migbt feel more 
comfortable discussing personal issues 
with a friend. 

Most of the sorority and fraternity 
chapters have an ANGLE 

Sports Corner 
ThelFC/ISS Sports Banner 

race began last quarter with 
• voUeyball, teonis.oo football. 

I-!ere's the run down of wbo 
did wh~t. 

In volleyball last years 
defending champions .A9 
survived a grueling match 
against l:AE UId .tvanced 10 

the finals . DC defeated nKcI» in the 
olbeucmi-fmal bracketand wenton 10 
defeat eIIA9 in two games for the win. 

DC's -Steve KremIer ,aid afterwud, 
"our fn round maIoch Ver1U1 Sig Ep 
w.the toughelt." AXn, lead by Karina 
WollelOn and AIIiJon Dean defeated 
M" in the ISS voUeyball championship 
in two games 15-4. 15-6. nBeII and 
KKr made it. far • the semi-flOW. 

lBT players Brett lsaacman and 
Alan Somphooe took the overall win 
in the intense double-brlcketed IFC 
teonis tourney DC. followed close 
behind. taking second place. AOO and 
KKr dominated tbelSS tennis tourney. 
filling aU Nmi-final UId fmal round 
brlckelll . AOn emerged victorious 
with firat-pIKe booon. 

The much anticipated football 
competition proved to he clOle. Strong 
IeamI of the palt were oace again there 
at the flOish. TKE and their ilx:nldible 
offenae motored paIllbe PIli Delta to 
!NCb the finall wbiJe IN ouIIConId 
DC in a sbooloal ill tIIIir semi-final. 
IN.lnd byqUllIiliirtlKkMucOot1ieb. 
Uledit·. tlaahy.apreadotftme10 reach 
the finals. TKE IDd tbeirquickreceiwn 
edpd out IN ill a cIoN lame to lib 
ftnt place . In ISS football. xn feU 10 

representative. This gives fraternities 
and IIOI'OI'ilies an opportunity to become 
more educated and aware. Heather 
Lucas. a Delta Gamma at UCSD. feels 
that it is beneficial for Greeks 10 have 
a resource to get advice on issues and 
problems of concern. When asked how 
being an ANGLE representative bas 
benefited her. she replied. "ANGLE 
bas given me the ability tocommuoicate 
more effecti vely with people. not ooly 
thecouoseling aspect, but the ability to 
relate with others. It has taught me to 
be a good listener." 

ANGLE is an organization taken 
very seriously at UCSD and other 
universities in the nation. The program 
is headed by a Staff Advi sory 
Committee and by IFClPanhellenic 
Directors. All members from ANGLE 
consistenUy meet 10 di scuss new ideas. 
problems. and 10 emphasize trust and 
confidentiali ty. The current directors 
of ANGLE are Paul Schwandt and 
Shannon Welch. Schwandt. who has 
been a part of ANGLE since it first 
began at UCSD, says the program has 
increased his knowledge and awareness 
a great deal. " You definitely learn a lot 
and then you want 10 belpotherpeople." 
Wben asked his opinion of the ANGLE 
staff. Schwandt enthusiastically said. 
"Excellent! The staff is extremely 
dedicated. they believe in the program. 
and want 10 see it succeed." 

Am in the semis 25-6 while AM 
defeated l:K in their semi 20-6. Tri-
Delt. lead by Katherine Bales and 
Wendy Allen, triumpbed over Am in 
a clolle game 18-1410 finish farst . 

KKr defeated AXn 11 -2 in the 
finals for farst place in ISS water polo. 
Semi-fioalislll were nBeII and AM. 
IFC waler polo has been rescheduled 
to Spring in order to better accomodate 
expanding competition. 

With the opening ofRIMAC. we are 
looking forward to fUrther expansion 
of our lporlll programs. possibly 
including events such as floor hockey 
and wresding. Upcoming sports for 
Winter quarter are basketball and 
!lnrrJl!r 

JIjmJiDa IIIIII 
DC .............................. 25 ........................... 230 
NS ............ ... ........ ...... 5 ................ ........... 110 
TKE ................. ........... 30 ........................... 175 
l:N ................... ........... 35 ......................... t65.5 
nK • ........................... 15 ........................... ISO 
ZBT .............................. 3 ................ .... ....... 133 
l:AE .................... .......... 3 ......................... 113.5 
..::8 ............ ........ ... .... 50 .................. ....... 100.5 

~ ..................... ....... 45 .............. ............. 95.5 
AIe .. .......... ..... ........... 20 ............ .. ............... 95 
l:AM ........................... IO ............................. 93 
sen ........................... 40 ........................... 90.5 
JlIJI ........ .......... .... ......... 3 ... .... ...................... 66 
m .......................... ...... 3 .. _ ......... ............... 46 
ATA .......................... _. 3 ............................. 43 
Am ............. .............. .. O ............................... 0 

........ 
Am _ ......................... 45 ........................ ... 345 
JUa" ... ................ _ .... 20 , ••.•••.•.•.••.••.......... 265 
AM .. ..................... _ .. 2.5 ........................... 2S0 
AOIl ...... _ ....... _ .......• SO ........................... 220 
lUl ............................. 40 ........................... 215 
r.. ............................. o _ ....................... 177.5 
tit ....... _ ..•................ 0 ........................... 170 
Al' ................... ............ 30 .. ....... .......... ... ... 167.5 
ItA8 .. _ ..................... 35 ......... .. .................. 75 

Red-Hot Chili Bash 
The second annual Red-HOI Cbili The Red-Hot Chili Bash is a 

Bash is coming 011 February 25th. A great opportunity to bring many campus 
total of 26 organizations will be organizations Iogether. Karen Watts. 
participating in thit event, including member of tbe Union of Jewish Students 
the Koala newspaper. Che Cafe. (UJS). is excited that her organization 
Kaihigang Pilipino. UCSD Greek wiD be participating in this event. Watts 
Cbapters. and other Student feels. " the Cbili Bash will bring a great 
organizations . Tbis " 
year' s Chili Bash will 
take place at the Price 
Center Walkway. 
beginning at 12 noon. 

Your ticket purchase 
allows you 10 taste five 
different kinds of Chili 
out of the many. After 
sampling. exchange 
your tick:et for a full 
bowl of your favorite 
cbil i. Decided by 
tas te r 's cbo ice . the 
organization with the 
mos t ti c kets is the 
wiMer and will receive 
a grand prize. 

All profits from the 
Red-Hot Chili Bash will benefit the 
San Diego Center for Cbildren . This is 
a residentiat and day treatment center 
for abused and lrOubled children ages 
5- 13. The San Diego Center fo r 
Children has been operating in San 
Diego for over 100 years . "We are 
hoping to raise more than $ I()(X)". stales 
Jason Zedeck and Tammy Heiman. the 
IFClPanbellenic Directors of Greek 
Week. 

Outstanding 
\ Greek 

The Smith v. Regents case bas 
drutically changed how ASUCSD 
hmdsstudentorgaoizatioos.Facedwitb 
the overwbelming ta&k of classifying 
and re-approving funds for over 200 
UCSD student organizations. Neena 
Malilt rose 10 the challenge and was 
instrumental in baving UCSD be the 
only UC campus to fund student 
organizatioDs this Quarter. For this 
incredible .rvice to the campua and 
other acwmplisbments. Neena is our 
Outstanding Greek for this illue. 

As the ASUCSD Vice-President of 
finance. Neena oversees tbe A.S . 
budget of over $600.()(x). "I help to 
make sure that our funds are spent 
appropriately." says Malik. She often 
worD 1011& hours to ensure tbatatudent 
organizations receive the funding 
needed for their activities and 
programming. Sbe assisted in the 
creation of the Student Organization 
Funding Eligibility Board (SOFEB). 
which evaluates .bldenl organizations 
for A.S. fwtds. Neeoa also chairs the 
A .S. finance committee. which 
approves funding requests. 

Neena is the Panbelleoic Pfeaidenl 
elect IDd will apply ber experience.oo 
leadenhip u a key ficure in Greek 
government. In addition to her other 
poIitiona. Neena is a110 a peer •• istant 
for the W IIJ'Cn dormitories. 

A Junior at W_ College, Neena 
is a membei- of the Alpba Chi Omega 
Sorority. 

deal of community spirit on campus and 
a good crowd of people." 

Come show your support to belp benefit 
a good cause. Zedeck: and Heiman have 
high expectations for this outrageous 
event and feel it will be a Iotal success. 
Pre-sale ofT-shirts bas been very strong 
so numbers are limited . The few left will 
be available for$7.50. Come join the fun. 
enjoy some lunch time music and taste aU 
the different kinds of chili . 

Upcoming 
Feb. 24 ..... .......... . Talent Show 
Feb. 25 .. .. . Red-Hot Chili Basb 
Mar. 1 ..... Greek Awards Night 
Mar. 1-3 ......... ... .. .. .ISS Soccer 
.. ..................... .. IFC Basketball 
Mar. 4 ...... ........ .. .. Miami Triad 
Mar. 7-11 .. ........•.... 1FC Soccer 
Mar. 13A1I-Greek Study Break 
Mar. 30.31 .. ..... ISS Basketball 

,....-t::=:=s::==:l,-., 

Mar. 8.9 nB.-Apparel Designer Zone 

Look Who's Greek 
AXn .... ........ ........ Dawn Wells. Actress 
B9n ..... ............... Paul Newman. Actor 
M" .... ...... ........ .... Sharon Stone. Actress 
l1M ...... Sandra Day O·Connor. Justice 
4l:cII ............... Senator Tom Harrington 
ATA .... .... John Elway. Denver Broncos 
lBT .... ... Leonard Bernstein. Composer 
KAS ....................... Amy Grant, Singer 
KKr .............. Candace Bergen. Actress 
nB41 ................. ..... Jane Fonda. Actress 
nKcI» ... Tommy Lasorda. t.A. Dodgen 
lAE ..... Troy Aikman. Dallas Cowboys 
lAM ... .. Micbael Milken. Entrepreuner 
l:K .. ...... Senator Margaret Chase Smith 
IN .................... .... Harrison Pord, Aclor 
m ........... ... Adolph Coors. CEO Coors 
DIIE ......... ................. Dr. SeUII. Author 
DC .......... David Letterman. Entertainer 
TKE ............. Ronald Reagan. President 
FIJI .. .......... . Jobnny Carson. Entertainer 
.419 ........... Neil Armstrong. Astronaut 
.K9 ..... ..... John F. Keonedy. President 
xn ......................... Huper Lee. Author 

Greek ColWIIDI EdilOrs - JaneUe Wan: ~ ~rdn Hong 

KAPLAN 
".. .................. ..... 

a paid p1~nt in !be Quardiao ." Greek Columna. • UCSD S18cIent Media 'OrpniDlion. 



12 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
n-Jay-Frid8y 

• Ba.m.-<t:3Op.m. Mon.·Thtn .• Ba.m.-3p.m. FrI.-
The OASIS lAIngu.ge Prognm pnMdea .... 
lance to stud4lf1ll who .. natiYe language is noI 
EngI'-h and to thole doing woriI In French. Ger· 
man. italian. Russian. Spanish. and ~. 
A diagnostic test on written English Is available on 
reqUMt. Call 534-2284 !of" lTlOfe Infomlation. Stu-
dent Cent .... Bldg. A, 1214. 
• Ba.m.-4:3Op.m .• ~n.·Thurs .• Ba.m.-12p.m .• Fri. 
- The OASIS Scholl,.' Writing WorUhop pro. 
vides free Individual and group conferences to as· 
sist students with writing projects. SWW also of· 
fers free 'NOrd processing facilities and computer 
assistance. Stop by York Hall '4070 or call 534-
7344 to schedule an appointment. 
• Ba.m.-4:3Op.m. Mon.·Thurs .• 8a.m-12p.m .• Fri. 
- Let OASIS Study Mln~ Ceotit' help 
you this quarter with time management. not8'laklng 
and editing. textbook analysis. mernorv. 1IexibleJ 
speed reading. vocabulary development. and GREI 
LSAT/MCAT verbal comprehension. Stop by York 
Hall 40 1 0 or call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointment. Also, stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshops and the 
GRE Weekend Specials. 
• Ba.m.-4:3O p.m. - The OASIS Writing Centlt' 
IS a free service for all UCSD students. We offer 
one to one writing conferences for any type of writ· 
ing project- academic papers, personal state· 
ments, even stories and poems. Our staff oftralned 
undergrac.iuates, who come from a variety of aca· 
demic disciplines, can help you become a more 
effective writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appoint. 
ment or drop by our offic. In the old Student Cen· 
ter. Building A, room 214. 

LECTURES 
Thursday, Feb. 24 

• 12p.m. - The Ethnic Studiea Dept. pr8fl8llts 
Emesto Chavez. Chancellor's Postdoctoral Fellow. 
UC San Diego. "In SMreh of the ChlCMO Mo_ 
ment." Rm. 3415 Lit. Bldg. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
On·golng 

• - Int_ted In knowtng your mn ... level? 
Get a free fitness assessment at Student Health. 
Sign up for an appointment on the second floor of 
Student Health today. In just 45 minutes. you'll find 
out how fit you really are. 

Tuesday-Thursday 
• Mon.fWed .• 11-11 :5Oa.m & 1-1:5Op.m.; Tues.1 
Thurs .• 12-12:5Op.m. - Fltwalk - Fitness walk· 
ing program sponsored by Student Health Mvo· 
cates (SHA) . Starts January 18. Meet at the Sun 
God. Freel All levels welcome. Bring a friend. 
(w66kly) 
.Mon .. 2p.m.; Tues., I Qa.m. & lp.m.; Wed .. lla.m. 
& lp.m.; Thurs., 10a.m. & lp.m. - Everything 
your mother n.ver told you about $ox. Come to 
a Women's SeKual Health Information session I 
Learn about STDs, blnh control, pelvic e><arn, and 
morel Health Ed. Rm., 2nd floor of SHS. 

CLUBS AND MEETINGS 
Tuesday. Feb. 22 

• 1 2p.m. - AA Meeting - Room 1208, Biology 
building at MUIR campus. (weell.Iy) 
• 3:30p.m. - Tlred of running alone? Need some 
motivation? Come join the Soclll Running Club, 
Tuesday and Thursday at 3:30pm and Sunday at 
10a.m. All levels welcome. Meet at the Sun God. 
Free. Call Joshua Mitnick 497-5020 for more 
info. (weekly) 
• 7:30p.m. - CaI.Anlmag., the UCSD Japanese 
animation club, will be showing more great mov-
iesl Peterson Hal 108. For more info. cal 587 -4890. 
• 7:30p.m. - Public Speaking Club - Come and 
see what we're all about. Bring a videotape !of" seIf-
evaluation. Peterson 104. New members weIcomel 

Wednesday, Feb. 23 
• 4-5p.m. - SATCH (Studenta ActIve Toward. 
Community Health) - Club general meeting. Last 
meeting of this quarter. Price Ctr. Santa Cruz/San 
Francisco room. Everyone weIcomel 
• 5p.m. - Meeting to plan the SprIng Stud.nt 
Unity Fair. We'll meet at the Davis-Riverside Rm. 
in the Price Center. Everyone welcome. Questions? 
Caii Jenny 622-1979. 
• 5p.m. - Wlldernes. Club - Backpacking. hik· 
ing, mountain biking, rock climbing. etc. Everyone 
welcome I Meet above KSDT in old Student Cen-
ter. (weell.Iy) 
.6:1 5p.m. - Mltchle .. Speak .... - (Toastmas· 
ters Club *3933) Matchless Speakers: a T~~.;Q· 

ter~ !!~e.~::;ij cluD ior single, professional non· 
smokers meets at Hindquarters R8IIIaurant at ~ 
Miramar Road , between 1·805 and 1-15 in the 
Golden Triangle/Mirarnar area of San Diego. For 
information. please caH Uz at 571-5012. (WHlfIy) 
• 6:30p.m. - Death Penalty Forum - Come" 
Gallery B aboIIe 1he PC ttlIIIIh " cIIIa.a 1he ~ 
penaIy and ita eII8c:U on 1OCiaCy. Evayona welcome. 

~ by ~ h ... lIIIIoiilll. UCSO. 
.. 7p.m. - ActIve ;~U::~!~ for AIDS Prevenlon 

..... n~IA (ASAP) will meet In the Price Center. AIle Cu.~. 
for elC8Ct location. Please join UI. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - LMbIan, BI ... UII, Queer Women's 
DlacuaaIon Group - Come to the Women's R. 
aource Center to enjoy lively dI~ and meet 
great women. fwHkly) 
• 7p.m, - Open Dlac:uealon for Q8y Ind 81-
aeIRi:! Men. - Student CentIt' Bldg, B Conf. 
Room. Sponeoi'ed by LGBA. {WMk1y} 
.1Ip.m. HInIooN Student film Club ........ 
-M nWjInand .... ot .......... 1rMIId. MeIIngI 

_~ .. --.eer. (MCC) tUb. ,...., 

The UCSD Guardiaa 

THE WEEKLY 

ALENDAR 

Th~Feb.24 
.5:1 Sp.m. - WInen Commuter Commlttee-
Come sea what's going on at UCSO & Warren. 
Meetings in the Warren College Student ActivIties 
Center. CSAC. (weekly) 
'. Sp.m. - Catholic Community TIKncIIy NIght 
DInner - Only $21 Located In the Catholic lounge 
at the Universly Lutheran ChIXd1. aeross the street 
from Revelle College. (weekly) 
• 7p.m. - SSEA ($tudentI Supporting Equal-
Ity • Acc:eptlnce) wi. be sponsoring a movie and 
discussion on the Issues of prejudice, bigotry and 
racism on the college campus. It will be held In 
Gallery A located in the Price Center. 

Friday, Feb. 25 
• 12p.m. - AA IIaeIIng - Room 1208. Biology 
building at MUIR campus. (weekly) 
EVENTS AND RECREATION 

Monday·Sunday 
• A February-March exhibition will osIebrate the 
recen1 publication of "An Improbable VentUN, I 
Hlatcry 0' the University of California, Sen DI-
ego." Both events will be held in the University u-
brary at UCSD. The exhibition, which Includes a 
number of photographs Illustrating the history of 
UCSD, is displayed in the library's maln 1I00r eml· 
bition galleries. The public is welcome to view the 
eKhibit during library hours. 

Monday-Saturday 
• Walking tour. ot tha UCSD campus con· 
ducted by the Student Outreach and Recruit· 
ment Office (SOAR) are now available at 11 :00 
AM Monday through Saturday. The 9O·minute 
tour. conducted by a student guide. is deSigned 
to give visitors a taste of the academic and 
social flavor of UCSD's undergraduate col· 
leges. Immediately following the tour, at about 
12:30 PM, prospective students are invited to 
attend a general information session conducted 
by a SOAR outreach officer. The one· hour pre· 
sentatlon reviews the differences among 
UCSD's five colleges. while also covering ad· 
mission requirements and support services for 
students . Reservations are encouraged by call· 
Ing 534-1935. Visitors should meet outside the 
SOAR office, located on the upper level of the 
Student Center, Building 'B.' 

Tuesday·Sunday 
• 12-Sp.m. - UCSD Pre •• nt. Pollih Seulp. 
tor Magdllena Abakanowleu's "R.e.nt 
Work" - Imagine a city avenue lined with 60 
trees ·huge trees· 250 feet high. 60 feet In dl· 
ameter, and covered with mossy vegetation . 
Then. imagine people walking In and out of 
those trees, taking elevators up to their "arbo-
real' apartments or offices . This conceptual ar· 
chltectural idea: ti!!!C'1j 'V.i1:"ill Green,' was 
conceived by artist Magdalena Abakanowicz, 
as a proposal for a suburban eKpanlion project 
in Paris . Drawings of 'Vertical Green' will be 
among other works shown In an exhibition in 
the Mandeville Gallery from Jan. 15 - Feb. 27. 

~y.FfIb. 23 
• 8p.m. - Koto Concert - Noriko TIUboI. Karen 

- Bauman. UCSD Ensemble. Better Worlde Gale-
ria. 4010 Goldfinch St., San DIego. 260-8007. 
(WfHIkIy) 
• 8p.m. - ClasSical guitarist Cllrlltoph.r 
Plrkenlng, whose teacher wa. til. legendary 
Andre. ;v;:~~~: will perform in the Mandeville 
Auditorium at UCSD. Tn. ~;~nram will f .. tUN: 

• • -AU Prl.torlu.: 'Suite In 0 Major:: ~~!IIna : "',:. 
mand.: 'Ouean Ellzlb.th'. Gallilra' 
'Gaillard.' and 'Flntl.11 No, 7'; mualc by 
Splnlah compo.ers, and Mlectlons by Bach. 
Villi· Lobo. Ind Andr_ yortc. Tlekat. for tills 
ev.nt Ir. $20 gan.ralldmlulon. $18 •• nlor.. 
and "4 .tudanta Ind may be purchaHcllt the 
UCSD Prlea C.nter Box Offle. or from 
Tlc:lcetUI .. er Outl .... 

Cilewle by Juan Ritchie/Guarrlidll 
Thursday, Fe. 24 

• 8:30p.m. - Sahaja Yoga MadItMlon Program 
- Experience your Inner-self through meditation, 
In the state of meditation, a person feels true peace. 
joy. and balance. It Is completely natural and re-
laxed. The program II Introductory and the mecIta-
tIon is guided. Experience it !of" yourself! San Fran-
cisco/Santa Cruz room. Second Il00(. Price Cen-
ter. Free. eal 546-9379 !of" more Information. 

Friday, Feb. 25 
.11 a.m.-2p.m. - Red Hot Chi. Blah - Buy yow 
T·shirt Nowtl Sign up on 3rd floor Price Center. 

Sunday. Feb. 27 
• - Fr .. tou ... of UCSD are offered every Sun-
day this Wint ... by the UCSO VIsitors Program. Mini-
Van tours are availabl' the first and third Sundays 
01 each month. starting at 3:00 PM from the Gilman 
Information Pavilion. Walking tours are offered on 
alternative Sundays. also starting at 3:00 PM from 
the Gilman Paviion. A portion of the famed Stuart 
Collection of outdoor sculpture is Included. AIttloIql 
the tour ia free, there la a minimal UCSO parking 
fee. Reservations are necessary and may be made 
by calling 534-4414. 
.8p.m. - The New VIc Tlteatre of London'. style 
of raucous comedy has been compared to such 
hilarity makers as the Monty Python Flying Circus 
and the late Benny Hill. San Diego theatre-goers 
will have the opportunity to see for themselves In 
the Mandeville Auditorium at UCSD when the 
troupe presents its adaptation of Chaucer's ·Can-
terbury Tales.' TICkets are: S20 general admission. 
S18 seniors. S14 students and may be purchased 
at the UCSD Price Center Box Office or from 
T lCketMeater outlets. 
• Sp.m. - Chlllera Comedy Showcaae - Fea-
turing Kareem Matthews from UCSO's Triton Bas· 
ketball Team. He made his first stand-up debut at 
the UCSD Triton Pub last Nov .• and was voted 
-WC' (Most Valuable Comic) of the show. Come 
see Kareem once again make a slam dunk on stage 
• get your tickets for $5 at the Dimensions of Cui· 
ture OffIce, Sequoia Hall Room 132. A portion of 
the proceedt will go toward. the UCSD's Innova· 
tIve Er ilreprei MIIn Scholarship Fund. The event will 
be held at Chillers Nightclub. Pacific Beach. For 
more information cal Kim Holmes 270-1730. or Kim 
Coleman 534-0658. 

CAREER SERVICES 
TUflSday-Frfday 

.8:00-4:00 - SIOI+ - Computer·based program 
designed to help you clarity your akills, values, and 
interests. For more Info. come to the Career Ser· 
vices Center. S10. 
• 1:30-4:3Op.m. - Drop-ln Adviling Hou,. -
For help w!!h caroe:- ijOiIs, lob hunting. resume 
preparation or elCploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment needed. Just 
walk in. 
• - MENTOR - Graduating this quarter and 
job·seeklng? We'lI match you with a profas-
slonal In your field who will get you atarted 
networking in the local job mark.t . Sign up at 
Career S.rvlce • . 

~F"'.23 
• 12p.m. - 0rtentIItI0n to T ....... EducetIon 
ProgNma Find au about the credential ~. 
Career ServIces. F ..... 

T1'Nnday. Feb. 24 
• 2:3O-4p.m. - ......,. Career SpecIaJ - Panel 
ciao .... academic prtpIfIIIIon. ceraer pd1I. and 
lob opportunItIea. ear.. SeMcae. Free. 
~ ~.w .. , I=Itb 25 

,~,..,.". - _. • L. __ _ 
., 0:00a.m. • .. !II "' ........ WonI8nuII -
L.arn technlqu.a required to b •• ucc ••• • 
fulln tll.lntervl.w proe •••. Car .. r C.nt.r. 
Fra •. 
.100.m.-"'1 .. 1 ....... -lIMIhow" 
make a poaItJw'" hnpllllon will yow 1'I8UmI. 
CaIaer ServIoaa. F ..... 

Tue.day.February22,1994 

s.ua.y. Feb. 2fI 
• 9I.m.-3p.m. - JcIenIIfyII .. Your Career - 6 
lieu wortcahop tel IdentIIy CIIMr opIIona anc:IleIIm 
......ch technlqul8. c..- c.n.r. "0.00. 

SUPPORT GROUPS 
OngoIng 

• - Women'l ...... eo ..... lors (trained by 
PaydI. ServIces) - Need a contIder1IIaI friendly ... 
to 1Iat8n? W. have walk-in hours or cal fOt' appoint. 
ment at the Women's Reaource Center. 

Thesday,Feb. 22 
.9-1 Qa.m. - la your ~rent In aJcohollc, rag .. 
lhoIlc or drug lbuMr? II your own drinking{ drug 
usa atarting to scare you? 00 you take care of 
fI1ends who uaelDO much? Come In and taillo Nancy 
King. aIcohoI!substance abute peer counaalor, 
Wanen Literature Building. 2nd floor rm. 3247. 
(WHk1y) 
• 9-1 Qa.m. - Gay Leulan • 81 .. _1 Peer 
eounaellng WIth Joa6 - Want IIOITI8OIl8 to talk 
to? Have a question? Come by Warren Lit. Bldg. 
3247 or caH 534-3987 for an appointment with a 
trained peer counHior. (weekly) 
• 11 :3Oa.m .-12:3Op.m .; 1-4:2Op.m. - w-n'. 
Peer CouneeIIng office hours. Women', AeIource 
Center. (wefM1y) 

Wednesc:iay, Feb. 23 
• l1a.m.-12p.m. - RED: Recover1ng from Eet-
Ing OIaorder'I - For anyone struggling with food 
and/or body Image lsauea. please come visit the 
peer counselors from the REO program. ~d In 
Muir College. HSS 2056. (weekly) 
• 12-2p.m. - Women'. Peer CounMllng office 
hours. Women's Resource Center. (weekly) 
• 7-8:3Op.m. - Undergrlduat. Gay and BI-
.. XUllIIan.· Support Group - Providing a con· 
fIdentIaI and auppor1lve environment. Meets weekly 
in the South Conf. Rm. In Student Center Bldg. B. 
Led by Matt M. & Jose. (WHk1y) 

ThursdIIy, Feb. 24 
.'0-11a.m .. /3-4p.m. - RED: Racovll1ng from. 
EIdIng ,Dlaordera - For anyone struggling with 
food and/or body Image Iss~. please come visit 
the peer counselors from the RED program. Held 
In MuIr CoIege. HSS 2056. (weekly) 
.10-11 a.m. - L.eabIan. Gay, and BIaexuaJ Peer 
CouIlMllng with Kendra - want eomeon. to talk 
to? Come by Warren Lit. Bldg. 3248 or call 534-
3987 to make an appointment with a trained peer 
counselor. (weekly) 
• 11 :3Oa.m . -12:3Op.m.; 1-2p.m.; 2:20-4:2Op.m. -
Woman'. Pear CounMllng ofIIce hours, Women's 
Reaowce Center. (weekly) 
• 12:30-2:3Op.m. - Feeling worrlad about your 
own, I trIencI, or parent'. drtnklng or drug prob-
'-1 Don't lilt the pres8w, keep building. Come 
in and get ways to help or just talk - confidential. 
Nancy King, alcohol and substanoe abuse peer 
counselor. AI!JO 104, Rev .... (wMItIy) 
• 4:3O-8p.m. - LeIbIan Ind BI .. XUII Women'a 
Support Group - Providing a confidential and 
aupportive environment. Meets eV8IfY week Irvine 
Room 2nd floor 01 Price Center. call 534-3987 for 
more Infonmatlon. (weekly) 
• 5~:3Op.m . - Greduat. Gay, B1 .. xuaIMan·s 
Support Group - Come out in a friendly and con· 
fidential atmosphere. Meeting weekly in the South 
Cont. Rm., Student Center BuIlding B. Led by Matt 
K. (weekly) 

Fridsy, Feb. 25 
• l1a.m.-2p.m. - Woman'. Pear Coun .. llng 
office hours. Women's Resource Center. (weekly) 
• 12-1 :3Op.m. - Pln-Aelan Community Forum 
- Led by Jeanne Maneee. Mountain VIew Lounge, 
drop-ln. 
• 2-4p.m. - Alcohol end Subetline. Abu .. 
Group - Led by Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Call for 
appointment. Revelle Provost Bldg. 
• 3-4p.m. -FaeJlng worried about your drink-
Ing and/or drug problema? Need someone to talk 
to? ConfidentIal counseling: Monique Bugarin, Al· 
cohol Substance Abuse Counselor. HSS 2056, 
Muir. (weekly) 
• 4-6p.m. -- Campus BlKk Forum - Led by Phil 
Raphael. 534'()252. Mountain V_ Lounge. 
RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

Tuesday, Feb. 22 
• sp.m. - JoIn the Catholic Community by ceI· 
ebratIng MI. at the University Lutheran Church. 
acroes the street from Revelle College. (WHk1y) 

~neacUlY, Feb. 23 
• 6p.m. - Supper For StucIenta HfWd by the 
UnIversIty LultIerInI - $2.00 donation. AI are 
welcome. location: University Lutheran Church, 
across the atreel from Revelle College. 
• 7p.m. - Bible IIUdy on "HUlNln Sexuality." 
Open to all. Sponeored by Lutheran Campus Mln-
iatry at UCSO. University Lutheran ChUrch, across 
the atrHI from Revelle College. 
• 9:30p.m. - End yow day with the reftactlve 
UCSO CatholIc Community celebration of ..... at 
the University Lutheran Church. across the street 
from AeveIIe Collage. (WMk1y) 

ScnIay, Fe. 27 
• 8: 151.m.. 5.7,11p.m. - JI*I .. CIIdc Comnu1Iy 

~0IIIb.", -'."lA'M1lyu..&n0uch. 
mo. ....... tam RawIJIa CcIIga. jMaIIIyJ 
.10:15a.m. - FonMr Lutheran c.mpue Pee-
tor 01 UCLA, Ken Free.. will preactr, Ewryone is 
welcome. L.ocdon: Un/wnity L.utharan Church. 
acrws the ..,... from RaveIIe College. 
." :3Oa.m. - AYIdao p_ ...... ,. '"The HaInw 
ior.,u..; epci.~~ u.hnn~"'" 
iatry. Open to ewryon.. UniverSIty ~i;:~~!!~ 
CtIurch.ICI'OI8" ....... from .....,... CoIegI. 
• 2p.m. - The CIIunIII of ... ...c:b*t 01 UI!-
.... ....... (The Mormons) ... ", .. 1111111 W· 
ery Sunday In Del Mar It 12701 ~ BIuIt DrM. 

Tuelday. February 22,1994 

Alexl Ruppenner ........ beton to J_ Zlmmel'm8llln 4X400 relay. 

Considering the JYdPef is 
due tomorrow, aren't 
glad we're qJeIl all ... .&&~ ... _ 

You wad to make S1Ie yOtl' project loots ilS best when yoo 
tum it in. And since you'll probably be wOOcing 00 it until 

the mirrute it's due, it's a good thing weneverhm in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
413-1852 

6ender Issues in 
the ~ocial ~cien(es 

,.,~,.ft •• '1 .... 1'& .... r-,. .... 
,., ,,~ ,., .., til... ... .. ~ ., ... 
.a ... , • ....., .fI •• - ........... lr .... ." 
.... ............ ..tr ~_=. ~ .. OZr"'-
...... ,'" , .. .." Q ......... I till... ... __ .., 
... " a.- ... '" ,., .............. 1-' 
1..:1.,.., •• ' .. ' ,..",_"", ..... .,.",.,.., .d .. 

The UCSD Guardian .:-I'c .llTS 13 

UCSD Stonns Pomona-Pitzer 
A"-COMERS: Young Tritons show signs of greatness in season's inaugural meet 

In the sporting world, young 
teams Ire forever associated with 
phrases like "learning experience" 

and "painful 
progress." 

Not so for the 
UCSD men's 
and women's 
track and field 
team,especially 
after last 
Saturday'S 
Pomona-Pitzer 
AII·Comers 
Meet. 

"We're a 
young team on the upswing," Head 
Coach Tony Salerno said, "And 
we've got a lot of diversity." 

Do",inance would bea more fit· 
ting ter", to describe the Triton 
tracksters. In their first meet of the 
season, the San Diego runners gar· 
nered 10 top-Ihrce finishes, includ· 
ing five first·place awards. 

Freshman newcomer Lisa 

TAX 
Preparation 
$100FFfor 

STUDENTS 
through Martch 15th 

Low flat 'M for 
IIUIny returns 

Garth L Myres, CPA 
12526 Higb Bluff Drive 

Suite 290, 
Sa"Diego 

east on Del Mar Heigbts Rd., 
rigbt at firstligbt 

Call for free tax organizer 
794-2721 

Summer Japanese Study 
Intensive 5-wk program II Lewis &: 
aut ColI. in PoItJand, OR July 18-
Aug 28. Elm 12 quarter his. Study 
IIII&- (III levels) &: cultuJe with Japa-
netellUdentsOlltheme 'N.~&: the 
EnviroomenL' Tbree-day wilderness 
program iocl.ded. Prior language 
study NOT required. 

OnpIIIJ .... s...er PrcJtra. 
222 SW Columbia, Suite 1150 
PonJand, Oil 97201 
"!eI. (503) 223-7938 Fu (503) 223-7946 

FALAFEL or 2 $ 595 ' 
GYROS for : 

SANDD1IrD' - ..... -I" 1\41 -. .,..111_1 
----------, Buy 1 , 
plate, aec:oDcl pllte Is , 
HALF PRICE! : 

..... ~_-- ... W1-

-----------1 s.oz. $2" : IlAMBUlGEI , 
a FRIES ~::.: , 

----------.1 

Shepard proved particularly impres-
sive, capturing first place in the 100-
meter hurdles (15.8) and leaping to 
a solid triple·jump performance, 
clearing 35'9". 

"[Shepard] had a real good day 
all around," Salerno said. 

The Triton men and women con-
tinued to flex their muscles at many 
of the top Division III colleges in 
California in the 4 x 4OO-meter re· 
lays. Michaela Monahan, Susie 
Schmidt, Alexi Ruppanner and Jane 
Zimmerman reeled in a first·place 
finish (4: 15), as did the men's 4x400 
squad (3:38). 

Sophomore Ernest Clark,the Tri-
ton record holder in the 400·meters 
with a time of 48.06, was barely off 
his top pace, stealing first place in 
the 400 (48.9) and second place in 
the 200·meters (22,67). 

The most telling tale of UCSD's 
strength, however, was witnessed 
in the men's 3,OOO-meter race. Brian 
Leek took first with a time of 8:45, 
followed closely by J.J. Castner 
(third, 8:59) and Walter Dehority 

Your plasma could be worth CASH! 
cal l 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

We urgently seek people to donate 
plasma. You'lI receive : 

, Free Blood Tests I Free Physicals 
• Paid Cash For Every VIIi! 

Other programs that donors are 
desperately needed for are : 
·Whole Blood 'Mono 'Lupus'HIV 
'Chicken Pox ·Chl," 'Hupel 
Your blood contribution could help 
save a Ii fe! Pyramid is a blood bank 
and plasms antibody center dedicated 
to serving our community and 
worldwide health related 
organizations . Call for ID 
·lIpojalmcgt. 

San Diego 
(619)298-4011 
San Ysidro 

(619)690-4434 

~ 
PYPAIIID 

BIOLOGICAL 

~ 

1536 Fay Ave, 

456-BREW 

(fourth, 9:11). 
"We're a pretty balanced team," 

said Salerno. "We've got a lot of 
talent, but not as many heavy hit· 
ters." 

Other winners for the Triton 
women included second-place fin-
ishcs by Terri Paulaska s and 
Ruppannerinthe I OO-meter (13.62) 
and 400·meter races (66.3). For the 
men, Cavan also placed econd in 
the IOO-meter sprinl. 

"Theone thing that separates this 
team from previous teams is that 
each member is very commitled," 
Salerno said. 

UCSD track and field team mem-
bers train every day near Spanos, 
putting in about 20 hours of work a 
week . 

While theAll-Comers meetcou Id 
be a sign of good things to come, it 
won't be an easy road considering 
the Tritons' usual schedule ischock· 
full of Division II talenl. 

"This first meet was a good start 
for our team," said Salerno. " I'm 
excited about this season." 

J6~A ~ 
.. __ . __ .-. 

: FREE: 
• FROSTED. 
: MOCHA : 
• When you buy one • 
• at regular price_ • 
• Expirarion o. .. ) ... )(). • 
•• :::~~<tK~_. 
* H01lU of the World's Finesl 

Coffies. 
* We Roast Our Coffie orr Sile 

with the FrtShtst Colfie 
A'lHluable, 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee (_ Boobw) 
457-JAVA(5282) 

M·Th 6am-llpm. F 62111-12 rrud, 
Sat 7:3Oam-12 rrud. Sun Sam-llpm 



,,," 

14 SPORTS 

Round Table Pizza 
TEAM OF THE WEEK 
MJ.fY~---IOWI.IS There ore plenty more lolented leams 
in our intram ural bowling leogues. Thol's not 10 soy the Alley-
Coholics aren' t lolenled as lhey are in Ihird place in their Ieogue. 
But their real talent lies in their ability to go the limits as for as 
mode of opporel. Chic is not their th ing. Nope I II is your bosic 
brown gos station attendant uniform with hand-sewn nome patches 
Featuring M.orv, AI, Dolores and M.oc. The unies are ugly as hell, 
but they are perFect For any bowling olley. M.erv from those Union 
76 commercials would be jea lous of these outfits. 

Team membeo: Mike 'Marv' Gallagher, Sam 'AI' Tomushev, 
N:,t ;,~es: ,thoudhur y, Shannon 'Mac' Barich. ~iecr~~ 

Budget Travel 
Seminar 

12:00 noon - 1 :30 pm 

Work Abroad 
Seminar 

1 :30 pm - 2:30 pm 

Wednesday, Februc.ry 23rd 
Price Center, library Lounge 

Gallery B (2nd Floor) 

SponsorEd by th£ Programs Abtood OfficE and CIEE 

• PIaaIPnoNs RUID 
• GIAssis IUUCAlID 
• CoMNn m IXAMS 

• No ~ ..... r. 
JrKulAfMvQ 

••• 

The UCSD Guardian Tueaday, February 22,1994 

Tritons SheD Santa Cmz 
LIGHTS 0lIl: Power outage cancels Bethany contest, UCSD slugs UCSC, 99-90 
., ...... K.Hutto 
Spoils Editor 

The Bethany College faithful fi-
nally figured out a way to avoid 
sitting through yet another drub-

bing by the 
UCSD men's 
basketball 
team-knock 
out the elec-
tricityand pray 
fordarltness.lf 
worse comes 
to worse, at 
least they 
won't be 
forced to wit-
ness the sordid 
affair. 

This scenario was indeed played 
out last Saturday, when the Tritons' 
scheduled match-up with the host 
Bruins in Scott's Valley was can-
celled after a power outage occurred 
less than two minutes into the game, 
with UCSD leading 4-0. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons, the 
contest is not considered over until 
the required 40 minutes passes and 
the final horn blows. The game was 
scored asa DNP in the record books. 

An bad break for the Triton stat-
padding contingent, no doubt, but 
the repercussions of the cancelled 
match, aside from the missed op-
portunity to cash in on the inevitable 
2O-win season milestone, may have 
trickled down muCh further. 

In the Western Regionals 
rankings, announced on Monday. 
UCSD (19-4) is ranked a surprising 
fourth, behind Pomona-Pitzer (18-
5) and St. Thomas, MN (19-5), who 
are tied for first, and Cal Lutheran 
(21-2), the west's third-seed. 

The Tritons lost to Pomona-
Pitzer in their season opener, 89-68, 
and to Cal Lu, 100-79, on Dec. 23. 

"I have no complaints about 
Pomona and Cal Lu," Head Coach 
Tom Marshall said. "But I don't 
understand how St. Thomas can be 
[seeded] ahead of us. They play in a 
weaker conference and have lost 
more games than we have. It's frus-
trating that [we] keep winning and 
end up falling in the rankings." 

Not even Friday's 99-80 victory 
over host UC Santa Cruz could help 
UCSD's cause. Still, San Diego 
managed to extend its current win-
ning streak to six games, and senior 
point-guard Rodney Lusain, sopho-
more forward Kahlil Allen and se-
nior two-guard Erik Johnson 
bumped their individual statistics 
up a notch on the national listings. 

Yekov ZOIotOfeY I Guft/8It 
N •• Hentaln led the Tritons with 24 points .,.Inst Sante Cruz. 

Men'. Basketball , 
West Regional Rankings 
1 Pom()n~ltzer ... _ .. _____ .. (18-5) 

St. Thomas, MN __ ..... _(19-5) 
3 Cal Lutheran (21·2) 
4 UCSD ...... _ ...... _ ....... _ ..... _. ___ .. (19-4) 
I Nebraska Wesleyan _ (ls.6) 
• St. John's, MN ___ ... (17·7) 

It was a hard-fought game from 
the onset, with the Banana Slugs 
canning three-pointers from the pe-
rimeter to take an early three-point 
lead. 

But with 8:30 left in the first 
half, the Tritons started to ignite 
behind Nate Hantgin's 4-5 three-
point shooting performance. 

In the waning seconds of the 
first stanza, Lusain pulled up and 
promptly canned a long three-
pointer. Only seconds later, Lusain 
picked the Slugs' pocket for one of 
his five steals on the night and con-
verted the easy deuce at the other 
end. 

Before Santa Cruz knew what 
hit it, the Tritons' lead jumped to 
11, 53-42, at the half, That was all 
the cushion UCSD needed to bol-
ster its confidence. 

Hantgin (24 points, three steals, 
two assists) led a cast of six San 
Diego players in double figures. 
Johnson (16 points), Brian Van Noy 
(16 points, seven rebounds), Allen 
(13 points, eight rebounds), Man 

Aune (12 points, seven boards), and 
Lusain (11 points, nine assists) 
rounded out the Triton offensive elite. 

Senior Anthony Vanatta paced 
the Slugs with 28 points, followed 
by Ernie Bray and David Goldberg 
with 14 points apiece. 

Lusain 's assist and steal tallies 
placed him 14th (161 in 23 games, 
7.0 per-game average) and seventh 
(3.8 per-game average), respectively, 
among Division IU players in the 
nation after last week. Lusain's one-
game-high of 10 lteals ranks him 
fifth in the country. . 

Allen's 86.1 percent free-throw 
shootilll placed him 25th in the na-
tion after last week, and Johnson's 
average of 3.3 three-pointers per 
game sat him 14th overall. 

As a team, UCSD was 16th in the 
three-point shooting (41.2 percent). 
Each of these stats improved after 
the UCSC mauling. 

"At the start of the year, I felt that 
if we could keep from burying our-
selves through November and De-
cember, by Janual)"Ne were going to 
be a preny strong team. With our 
schedule I knew that was going to be 
tough, but to be 19-4 at this point in 
the season is quite an aooomplish-
menl," MIBhall said. 

"Everybody thought this was go-
ing to be a rebuilding year for us. 
They all thought we would be just a 
.500elub. [We] showed a lot of char-
acter in saying that we would be 
bener than that," he concluded, 

FULL SERVICE CAR lASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

COSTA 
. VERDE 

CAR. WASH 

8505 Cosil Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

~ 
Wl"'CYCLE 
OURWATEII 

z.@ 

-t-ucso 

• 
L • .loll. V II ••• Dr. UTe 

I I J I : ... Dr. • 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL GASOLINE & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
----------------------

: Full Service $ 99! 
! ~~~6~ P!! II!! 3 .... : 
I C"RWASl1 NDcVlldwltlunyolllrolllr. IAv ...... 1 
I E.-4UI 
~-----------------______ I 

Tunday, February 22, 1994 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Savors First Day 
RAlNEDOUr: Tritons shine on first day of Pomona Invitational, day two finals rained out 
., ...... K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

The Triton women's tennis team 
took the first day of the Pomona 
Invitational by storm, but it wu the 
stormy weather and biner winds that 
eventually did UCSD in. Last 
Sunday's final round of play was 
cancelled because of bad weather. 

Number-two singles player 
Michele Malephansakul, recently 
promoted from the number-five 
seed, led the way for the Tritons on 
the first day of the competition, re-
cording marathon victories over 
Pomona-Pitzer's Kristina Lon (1-6, 
6-4,6-4) and Claremont's Ria Gost 
(6-3,6-7,6-2). 

Malephansakul teamed up with 
Hilary Somers to top Pomona's 
number-two doubles tandem in an-
other exhaustilll match, 7-6, 4-6, 6-
3. 

Somers, the Tritons' number-
three singles player, also turned in a 
winning deuce, topping Pomona's 
Hope Neighbor (6-0, 6-0) and 
Claremont's Tricia Buchanan (6-2, 
6-1). 

NumbeHIne ..... ....,. DIane CIwncIer ... 1-1 011 Saturday. 
Number-seven seed Michelle ·Weplayed some good tennis on 

Wilbur crushed Claremont's Saturday,"HeadCoachUzLaPlante 
Sherene Lee (6-2, 6-0) and Pomona's said. "But it wu & very long. cold 
Noele Wilson (6-4, 6-0). day. We were going all day long." 

Forty-Niners Cash in on Tritons 
LONG RIDE: UCSD falls to 1-9.following hard-fought road loss to CSU Long Beach 
., D .. Kreft 
Staff Writer 

The CSU Lolli Beach Forty-
Niners itruek gold last Friday at the 
expense of the viaiting Triton men's 
volleyball team with a straight-set 
victory over UCSD, 15-5, 15-13, 
15-9. 

UCSD (1-9) hal struggled this 
season through an intense schedule 
laden with Division I powers. Com-
ing off its heartbreaking defeat at 

time getting psyched up for Long 
Beach. 

The first game went by in a fluh, 
with Long Beach leading the entire 
way. Martin Wagner's 23 kills paced 
the Forty-Niner offense from the 
get-go. 

The Tritons made a run at the 
Forty-Niners' lead in the second 
game. But in the end, Long Beach 
was able to suppress the short-lived 
UCSD comeback to hold on for a 

the hands of Division III La Verne, two-game lead. 
San Diego may have had a tough Junior outside hitter Tom Black 

SWIM: UCSD 
qualifies for NCAA 
Continued from INtI. 20 

Last year's Nationals' Swimmer-
of-the-Meet, senior Travis Miller, 
will once again carry the forccofthe 
Tritons' steel-pronged attack on 
Kenyon College 's National Cham-
pionship stronghold. 

Miller tallied a second-place 
1:53.86 NCAA cut in the 200 1M. 
Senior Peter Shim will join Miller 
on the 1M front following an eighth-
place 1:57.16 finish. 

Senior Judd Glasser hit his in-
ten<Ye3'1\1CAA mark in the SO-free, 

reeling in a fifth-place spot in 21.47. 
Glasser added another fifth-place 
qualifying notch to his belt, speed-
ing to a 1:43.46 in the 2OO-free and 
led offthe 4xl OO-free relay (second, 
3:06.05) with a sweltering 47.05 to 
complete the qual ifying sprint triple. 

Gavin Bishop raced to a pair of 
fourth-place performances in the 
tOO-butterfly (51.89) and 200-but-
terfly (1:55.59) to secure an NCAA 
spot. 

But it was junior Erik Pederson 
who stole the show for San Diego, 
exploding to a seventh-place NCAA 
cut in the 100-breast (59.65) and a 
thrilling second-place finish in the 

wu once again the Tritons' offen-
sive leader, recording 17 kills, 

Tyson Kerr tallied 12 kills on the 
night to support UCSD's cause, but 
it was far from enough to overcome 
the Forty-Niners' power. 

In game three, UCSD once again 
pulled close, but couldn't pull out a 
victory to avoid the sweep. 

Despite their improved play, the 
Tritons have been unable to come 
up with that much needed, confi-
dence building victory. This match 
was no exception. 

2OO-breast (2:07.41). The 200 time, 
Pederson's lifetime best, established 
a new Triton team record. 

"He usually goes out fast and 
dies," Boyd said. "This time he had 
even splits the whole way through. I 
was quite surprised with his lime 
2:07. We were aiming for the quali-
fy ing mark of 2:09, but he 
came through with a big swim." 

For the men 's diving colltenders, 
Adam Burgasser and Joshua 
look to make their presence 
in Massachusetts. Burgasser 
fourth in the three-meter 
and Curtiss tallied a sixth-place spot 
(389.35). 

,------------------------, o UNITEDWAY/CHAD . 
It blitJ4' III.t tu Jed lir IlII " iIAf 

Students Who Care Can Help 
Please Complete and Clip This Coupon 

Volunteer because you care! Call 498-2121 and your talents and interests 
will be matched with a San Diego non-profit organization. 

Doaetions may be made by completing this fonn and returning with your 
check Imoney order, payable to United Way. 

Name: 
Address: 
City/StatelZip: 

PIeMe,.un IhII coupon 10 the UCSD Regiltrar'1 OIIIce, 301 UC1r/oo21 

-['ve IetInwtJ ."tlfere is alwGys ~ ... ccua. " - Brown, H. Jackson, Jr • L ________________________ ~ 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE • 
We're run out 

of fliler 
ideas. 

.. , .. 
AllviMtl h. 
lIN •• 

SPORTS 15 

C S D 

bike 
S H o p 

BIKE 
every '93 in stock 

Tune Ups now $30 
A JCJf1ffCrly 135 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 

Guanajuato 
MEXI 
Cuenca 

ECv .. ..,~ 
~F R 
o 
~ 

ilTALY 
Summer, Semester, 

Be Year Programs 
lAIN ACADEIIIC CREDIT 

1-100-5I0-Il26 
Summer Deadline 

APRIL 5" 

....-

~ ' 



16 CLASSInEDS 

\ \ \ ~ II \ ~ I 'II, \ I ... 
REVELLE SEMI-FORMALI Feb. 28 
• Sheraton Grande Torrey Plnea. 
&p.m.-la.m. UCSD Box OffIce for sa 
till. (2110-2/24) 

F\IPI.4 n \IF\ I' 
ATTENTION: STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING la now hiring branch 
operatora torth. aummar of '94. Eam 
up to '15.000 and gat the bualn ... 
experl.nce of a l/fatima. Call 1-800-
955-7557. Poaltlona filling faat 
throughout Callfomla. (1/10-3110) 

DallHaIp.lMdwIchmak ... phone help. 
Gourmet Bagger. va.d 8M DIego·a.l 
.. ndwlch lhop. lunch houra only. 
Monday-Friday. 10:30-2:00. $5Jhour 
1tIIrt. good environment. 7128 Mlrwnar 
Rd. 689-2800. (2117-2J22) 

s.JH-markellng;tullorparttime. Sports 
and nutrition rlIIIdad. ExcaIIant Mmlng 
potllfltial. Call Mlk. at 453-8029 for 
IIdcIIIIoNIIlnformation. (1/1 0-311 0) 
ATTENTION: for.lgn ltudentl from 
AUltralia, Can ad •• Hong Kong, 
Japan. and New Zeal.nd. Excellent 
bualn.sa opportunity In your country. 
For Inform.tion call 453-6029. Ask 
tor Mlk • . (1/10-3/10) 

Engln •• r. : Gr.du.t.. and 
undargraduIItea. 24 hour ~ 1Ina. 
31 0-358~7. NatIonal Job SaardI. 
ExcIIing 0pp0rtunItJaa. (1/24-3/3) 

Food •• rvers n.eded for Mexican 
rwtaurant In Del Mar area which I. 
cNngIng ID fuJI aaMca. Apply In parIOII 
Loa Caboe 12955 EI CamIno R8IIi Sta. 
6-7 San DIago92130oppoaJIeamranca 
10 Edwarda CInema In Del Mar Highlandl 
Town Canter. (2/3-2/21) 

W ... gilt paid to ahop? 1-«lO-48O-
9444. (2/1 0-2/21 ) 

Fl.W SUMMER JOB.""""yoUh caqI 
CXlI.I1IIIIors, IIoIxlat<*Mn, 1I6lgIrd.,q 
inaN:tonI. Hrilg now, BPPI'i In paraon III 
Miaaion Bay SpotUi .... 1010 SIna Clara 
Place. 488-1004. (2/7--\'14) 

SSTUDENTS$ Are you 18 or older? 
Wanna earn $5OO-$5OOOImonth PT/FT. 
Available Immed. new ID San Diego. 
NeedI you 453-1585. (2/10-317) 

ENVIRONMENTAL CAREERS. 
~. naIIonII erMOI.' ..... 1aId 
!ChooIilhmgtJHmepaidlllallloorgarizll 
erMIOI.,18nIai campaigt II • c::ouWy" 
IMdIng erMronmenIaIetI. h ... 1Iiews III 
c.... SeMo88 Cerar 2/l2. Cal (310) 
397-5270 lid. 330. (2114-2/21) 

AA Crul.e & Tr.v.1 employment 
guide. Eern big SIS + tr.vel the 
worll,j freel (C.rlbbe.n, Europe. 
H.w.ii. A.lal) Hurryl Bu.y aprlng! 
.ummer .... on •• ppro.chlng. 
Free tr.vel club member.hlpl Call 
(919) 929-4398. (2/17-4/11) 

1------
I Men's" Women's 
1 Includes rut , 

I 
1 
I 
1 
I 
I 
1 
I 

I blow dry & shampoo I 
1 Asllfor 7ina or Tm. Mon.-$al. 1 

I~ <a. __ _ 

"".".WM 1 1 1 
1 CREA11VE Curs I 
: HAIR & NAIlS : 
1 CItaIIft ItyIa at ....... prka I 
1 6780 MJnmar R4 '108 I 
: .... ~ • M-F 10-7. SCII. ~ I 

L51Q:Q59..QJ 

The VCSD Gaardiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
clossijietJ tJdvertising is sold in 15-worrI incmnents. 1he rate per 15 Marb is $1 for 
students (for persoMI use only), $3 for focuJty and stIlff, and U for others. Payment in 
advance is requited; thelefore, ads must be mailed with a check (mode ~ to The 
UCSD Guardian) 01' presente.d in penon. DetM:IJi1Ies me 3 p.rn. 'IhurstlIIy for MondIly's 
issue, and3 p.m. Monday for 17rursday's issue. The Guardian reserves therighttorrfuse 
any advertising including lu not limited to companionship ads. For mtft information 
adl534-5416.Mailingatldress: UCSDGuardian,Altn.·CIassiJieds, 95OOGilmlmDrive, 
0316, LaJol/Q, CA 92093-()316. ActuQJ addn!ss: Student Center A, top floor. 

Wanted: TuIor.lMIh/phyaJca. grabIta MlraMaaa.HoweWOflc&errandI.3In. PInk FJowdI2Ela11ant ......... 
leveI.for~~11-y.r4dS101hr wwk.I25.Anne53tH38G. (2fl2-2128) abo. AdMI554-0724. (2122-2128) 
459-0029. (2114-2/24) 
W.nted : Student do p.tio 
g.rdenlng 4 houra we.kly. $30. 
450-9317. (2/17-2/22) 

D.liv.ry driver •• Gourm.t Bagger. 
voted San Dlego·.'l .. ndwich ahop. 
lunch only. 11-2. Mond.y-Frld.y. 
Mu.t hav. car .nd Inaurance. limited 
are •• excell.nt mon.y. 7128 Mlr.mar 
Rd. 889-2600. (2/17-2/22) 

Babyaittar needed. Mon. and/or Tu ... 
All day. Hours varied. Ref. T.rrl •• 
792-8582. (2117-2/22) 
TV Production ItaffI MueiceJ bMdal 
Technical producerI. TO(a). Camara(a). 
PA(s). WrIW('). NIl EdIor(s). 0Ihera. 
(619) 230-9378. (2J22-2128) 

CRUISES ... NOW "RINQ-Earn up 
ID S2.000+/mo. on CruIse St!IpaorLancl-
Tour oompanJee. SInvMr & FuJI-Time 
employment .v.lI.ble. No expo 

~. For info. call 1-208-634-0488 
eXl. C5976. (2J22-3Il0) 

For ..... COi, ... tlbleaolawlll~ 
gIMa top table. $200. CofIae table $60. 
Cd 457-3037. (213-2128) 

H.y STUDENTS. for •• 1.: BI.ck 
compu1.r d •• k w/Hutch c.blnet. 
S50 you t.ke .w.y. C.1I288-224 7. 
(2n-2/21 ) 
MIracIa 1l1iCtt FlnNng er-n. BodytDnar 
wIth~S24.95. To~ 
call MonIca 562-3448 today. (211 0-2/24) 

MacIntoah I~ PfIn*. Great 
oondItIon. 2 V-- old. $150.00 abo. 
SSoH)912. (2115-2/21) 
For Sale: Lola of furniture - Futon. aIaep 
couch. ~ and 1'IlCft. ReMonabIe. 
Cal 481-1521. (2117-2/24) 

1984 vw RabbIt Convertible. Red. white 
lOp. Looka and runs great. NC. 3.300 
abo. 587-9528. (2/17-313) 

Earn 8lCIra money in ~ upending JaMt Jackeon !ix. terrKe level. 11 th 
envlronmentaliy-iXlnacious company. row ...... 9 and 10 $55 .... PIaaIe 
PT/FT w/care« opportunitIaI. Cal for call JafI at 558-8147. (2/17-2/24) 
intervi_. 558-1612. (2122-2/24) 
BuIld a Future. If you .,. peopIeorlenl8d, 
enthusiastic. well groomed & have a 
burning desire to succeed. _ want to 
talk ID you. Prot8llional training. rapid 
advancement. high Income potential. 
Travel opportunltl.s . No phone 
intelViews. 625-8380. (2/22) 

M.nager Tr.lnee. Natl. promotlonall 
sale. tr.lnlng co . • e.king motivated 
Individual. to expand locally. PT/FT. 
625-8380. (2/22) 

TUlDr Wanted. Female ID teach high 
achooJ Engllah. Needed 2-3Iwaak. Call 
454-1837. (2/22-2/24) 

Inter8ltad in earning money and gaining 
job elCp8l'iallC8 at. law office? LoceJ firm 
hal entry level opaninga. Gall 887 -7651 
tor more cINIJa. (2122-313) 

Plywood daek. black chair. computar 
terminal holder - good conditionl $75 
abo. 550-0190. (2117-2/24) 

Large backpack. like new, pelfect tor 
Europe. Bluenyton + leather. $100. abo. 
550-0190. (2117-2124) 

1983 NI .. an Sentra. 2DR. reliable. 
economical transportation. only 
$1750. C.II Mlr.g. Autos 858-0202 
at 5816 Mlr.mar Road. Ie .. than two 
mil .. e .. t ot UCSD. open 7 d.y •• 
_.k. (2/22-2/24) 

FREEl Gr •• n Iguan. to a GOOD 
home. A cool pet. Cont.ct Rob -
457-5258. (2/14-2/17) 

SNOWBOARD - '90 Kamper Rampage. 
Good condition. and grNI for Jeamlng. 
$80. Call Juan 548-1017. (2J22-2/28) 

1ve)'OU wondering whd)'OU en going 10 do citer)'OU ~, 
"POSITIONING YOURSELF IN 

THE MARKETPLACE" 
LECTURE SERIES 

Program 1: H.I •• Care 
A pcIMI of health care prMuionaI. will speak on how Ih.y WIn' from 
coIage to hir ca,..... Then" will break into wall woups to on .... 
~r questions. 
5PEAlEIS: dIria ,.." MD OIoIaryngoIogist Mia ..... u-_:...l .. L' 

, , ....,.. .... ~'''n. 
... CI.oiI ..... IrJIOII, RN-HealIhcare Marketing 
U. GaIII., Optomelrist 
r.. a..., Denti •• 
Wh JIIws, ChirapnlC:toI 
&.I SaIIz, M.D. Plastic Surgery 

Tu .... ay, F •• ruary 22, 7 p. 
Prlc. Clnllr lallro •• I 

........ .., ROTAAACTcu 
dJC8D 

MIn:y Pro .......... bench pr..aWl1eg 
axtanaIon attIIchmant. Set IncIudaa 
berbeII. cUftbbeJII. curt bIr and 125 ... 
PIeaaa cal 548-8458 If i_ ... ,. d. '100 
abo. (2/22-2/24) 

PINK FLOYD TICKETS. AprIl 14. Sen 
DIego - LODGE CENTER - S70 each. 
457-8184. l8n. (2fl2) 

488SX-25.84Kc.cha.l8OMBHD.4MB 
RAM. 3.5 and 5.25 cttv.. fax/mOdem. 
SVGA monitor, 1MB dl.play c.rd. 
Amlpro. WordPerf.ct. Windows. 
QuIcken. and 1'IlCft. $1150 obo. 453-
1835. (2J22-2/24) 

3880X-25MHz Cornputar. 4MEG RAM. 
210MB HD (tnnd new wtw.ranty). 
OrchId WIndoMAcclleliIb SVGAcard 
wfmonleor. rncx.e. DOS 1.2. Windowa 
3.11. OS/2 + mora. '1000.00 obo. Cd 
BlaIne 548-1884. (2J22-2/24) 

For Saia: Twin Bed ($110). Twin Futon 
($100). rPaacofleatabJa ($40). Or....-
($100). TV Stand ($15). Lamp ($10) ... 
Cal Terri ~70. (2/22-3110) 

Jett •• 1985. 5 spead/.lr. reliable. 
economical tranaportation $2200. CaD 
MIrage Auto 858~ at 5816 Miramar 
Road .... than two miIea ... of UCSD 
on Miramar Road, open .--. daya a 
week. See you eoon. (2J22-2/24) 

1101 ~I\(; 
ONNVOURONNHOME-lJCSDSlaland 

~Di~G_ ... a~~ 
UCSD. 1,2brl $120.000'.+ & 3bra 
Sl50.()OO+.Condoe1ll~ 
La JoiII, LfniII. cay. Mra M.a, Del Mar. 
PaciIc 8cti. CIainrnort. Need 111 SEll,-
what 11 VEARSEXPERIENCEc:andoJ REI 
Max "-'c. .bill Haddaoc, AaaIIDr. 61~ 
275-2818. ~-2/'lIJ) 

Rant Free - Share 2 BO. 2 BA La Jolla 
condo -2bJocka from beach In exchange 
for minimal care of bI-poJar. dIabeIJc 
gr.duate .tudent. SeekIng mature. 
reaponeibJa parson. 458-1066. (2I7.!J17) 

Large. clean room W/COnnected bIIh 
IiVaIIabIe In condo. $380 + $125 dap. + 
1/4 UIII. 558-2152. (2/3-3(10) 

RanaIaaance: Roommate wanted to 
ahant maater bedroom Waherldryar; 
gIIed ~ cwm. pooI. lIrapIaca. $310 
+ 1/3 uIIIIIea + depoaIt. Cal DIane 587-
0927 or KrIaty 535-1711 . (213-2128) 

Root,i,'" WaneId: NIce 31D. hculin 
WlltClanl,a .. Srm.1IIl.aIO ........ 
...... 1 $360 ... & ... no dIpaII. 113 
..... Cal FlInk 272-G818. ~~ 

Room In PB in appt. with 2 young 
poI ... la .... A'IIIIIIIbIe MMlt'I1. 1I.M. 
S385Imo. John 483-0351. (2/10-2/24) 

Two people 10 ...... huge ........ In 
v-.. of Ran"" • a. FurnIIhad acIPI 
room. """"". tnpIaca. jIIcuzzJ. 
.. ".11 ... 3t'17 begin paying 4/1. ,... 
nagotIIIbIe. CorMcI JarnJ or T .. 587-
&e48. (2110-1124) 

FREE 8'x4' deak ....... bIy. Femal. 
ID ahara v.'IIh 2 'amalea. Mat. bedI 
bdl. bUIony. All amanItI .. + wuhar. 
dry •• fireplace. UTC - .......... 
Walk to Vona.l3e5lmonth. call Joah 
535-1278. (2110-311 0) 

GAACWm..WI,,,,., IOIII'I'i in .... ..... 
tan WliIdlr __ 1I5riIMnD. + ..... 0-
jIlblll,cIIc*. u. .... NarMmallliI8Chd 
..... 1DIVt1Mlllllll~. 00rIIII1II5I-
tslClb •• ea.rn..ep.m.~ 
C'o/tI44flt, 

Aaomr," --.tId ASAP. Own room 
and "'in~.- UTCNorw 
.... S32I!Imorilt + ,/4 ..... Cal 
.... at463-6354. (2110-2/21) 

AIr .............. bedraomwlll.,.. 
bill, MIF. "'10 + 1/3 ..... pool. 
)mIDI. cwm. aVIiIIIIbIe now. 122.-&1. 
(2/14-2/21 ) 

Apt. for rant . 2 bed. 21M11h in VI ... of 
Ranua. WID. pool. Jacuzzi. goodloe. 
+ mor •• and cheap rant - only 18451 
mo .• vail. 3117. Call now 587-8148. 
(2114-2/21 ) 
UNIVERSITY CITY ..... Farnal. 
naedad for own room In nice houa •. 
P.tIo. plano. cable TV. wuharldry •• 
12 minutas to UCSD. No ernokara. 
peta, or drugs pl ..... Call Mark or 
Agn.. 534-2381 or 534-3383 
(m_ga). (2115-2/24) 
Femaleroommatawanled. StIINwhoie 
hcua wtone 0IhIr. Own ""'. ianIry. 
Near UCSO. 558-8086. (2114-2/21) 

SIngIa room In howe In UnIverIIly CIty. 
$25OImonth. Man:tt 2O-Auguat 15. Greg 
458-1322. (2114-2124) 

Own I'OOI'I'lI1Iath In PB. W ..... /dlyar + 
flXtrlal SprIng quatW only $4OOImo. + 
l/2lA11li81. 272-4724. (2/14-2128) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: F.m.I •• 
ncnmoJc •. Large .... BDo&Ih. UTC 
- . BeautIful. brJcti'apI. W ..... "..,.. 
oovared perIcing. aecurIty. pools. gym. 
Nice roommatea. S450 + 1/3 utIIIIJaa. 
dapoaJt 453-8141. (2/14-2/24) 

PacItIc Beach: 2 fun but reaponaJbIe 
roommataa WMted to ahare 3 bdrm. 1 
t.ItI apt. 30...".10 baad'I + 2 blocks 111 
an pooI/Iaundry. $3O(I,'$325JmnI. All 
utIIitIaI paId.Smoking aacapIId. Small 
pel OK. Available 311 . Usa NJchoJe 273-
7881 . (2114-2/21) 
STEPS FROM WlNDANSEA nACH. 
Roommate wwnd 111 ...... 280; 2BA 
light and airy cotIage with haldwood 
fIoorI. courtyard. Own room with ball. 
laundry facJJlllea . Non-amoIdng .". 
professional or gr.du.te stud.nt 
preferred. $5OOImonth + $375 depoIIt. 
AvaiJabJa Immadiataly. call Ivny al558-
O5OOW or 459-2596H. (2/14-2/24) 

MtF roommate wanted: S345/mOnth tor 
own room cIoaa ID campua (easy bike 01' 
bus ride). cable, own bathroom. wuher/ 
dryer. great parking. no lImOkara pJaue. 
Call Ed or Erik at 625-081 8. (2/17-2/28) 

Roommate Wanted I Big slngl. room. 
campul/UTC clo.e. I.undry. Great 
Roomm.te.1 1/3 utilitle •• S360 obo. 
578-0810. (2/22) 

3br. 2.5bath. 2-1Iory ~. wId. 
pool, large balcony. oovared parking. 
GREAT roommatell Near Vona and bill 
atop. SIngI. br$329 + 1/4 UIIIIIIaI. Non-
amokIng female 457-0131. (2/22-3/10) 

SacuI1tyl Conveniencel Luxuryt StyIeI 
Spacioua 2bd 2ba apt 1wniIhed. high 
cellinga. balcony & 1kytightI. Pool. 
Jacuzzi. --, racquetb ... H2O + traIIh 
included. 5 mini UCSO. AYIiJ. 3120. Cal 
458-0152. 2-4 people. (2/17-313) 

Female roommate wanted to ahare 
apaciouI cando 1 rnIiItfrorn UCSO. S325I 
mo. + 1/3 utiItI8I. Pool. Jacuzzi. tannIa 
and par1dng Included. Cal 453-8343. 
AvaiJabJa MardI lit. (2117-313) 

LIve In INTERNATIONAL HOUSE next 
y.arl Located In PepP8r Canyon; 
provIdea ..... naIIoI ... .....,.... with 
,..." .. from tNIIf 40~. Mull 
be • Jr.. Sr.. graduat. atudant, or 
A1a.lR:har. byfall.1IIappIy. ~Dlla 
avaIIIbJe at Papper Car¥In ofIIca. DUE 
MARCH 11. 0ueIIkn'1 Cal 534-2281. 
(2122-3/10) 

LADIES: ROOM FOR RENT! La JoIaI 
UTC. S325 + 1/3 !d .• own roomIIhaAI 
t.ItI. laundry. 825-0319. (2J22·2/24) 

ROOMMAlE WANTED •• IEDIAlB.. YI 
MIIIIr bedroom .... WiUOili in 
dlWdlMnLaJalLCIIht ..... IrInIry. II 
....... ar.~ ..... _ .. _ 

rnanII. c.I DIniII"~ C'lfZHIlM) 
FOR SALE BY OWNER: ~28R. 
2.5BA E8IIbUI tawnhouee will ... 
room lor aIIcMIIn. aa. 10 UCSO. 2 
...-ched .... S1 13.800. Cal ... 
. _1. rnor. Iniormllloli. (tJ22) 

ROOMMATES tEED!D 1M" 111 • ..., 
rUDIIII __ 011 Mrrtlam& "',aitL 
c.lVhIe: 151." ... 

Tueaday, February 22, 1994 

E.uM large oondo lor ..... Wtfy 
....,JuII~(8.5IC)dDwn .... ,...,.,.. 
_.21 par mo. 1BA. lBA. WIlle or bID 
10 UCSO. aacuIly COI'ftIHX, pool ..... 
sauna. ianni, + r.oqual. Huge. .. 
amenll. '. fINpIIIca. 31180 Nobel. Cal 
JulIe Jahneon 414-11 •• Opan 8111-4. 
(2fl2-2124) 

Saller tIMnI*Ig .7' bIa. 1 bedraorn 
lower and unit • WIlle lID UC8D. Cal 
EIBIn. ao-- 1182-G811 .-gar. (2122) 
Roommat. naacled ASAP. Own room 
in 3 BDRM apt. Near UTClVona. S325 
no d ...... 1t. KatIe 858-0223. Mov. In 
march 1 (2122) 

RJRNHD CONDO - RagenII Rd. 2 
BDR .• 1 SA. a.Icony. S825.00. 81. 
277-2185. (2fl2-3131) 

Femal. roommate w.nt.d. Own 
room. Near UTC/Eaata-te. S320/mo. 
+ 1/3 util. Avail. 3121-8130. 10 tnln 
bike ride to UCSD. Happy Homel C.iI 
Kathy 455-7018. (2124-313) 
MaII/FarnM roommate WMIed in La 
JoIaIUTC ... Own room. bath. WID, 
pMdng ..... Sunny. ctaan 2br/2b8 
condo. Aval. oriIy 3/10-12/1 O. Share w/ 
female prot ... ltIi .... MuM Iov. cata and 
be raapo!)8IbJa. S400 + 1/2 utilltiel. 
(neglllIIbIa). Cal 587-8185. (2122-31T) 

~FH\ 14 . F~ 
PASSPoRT PICTURESI Only $5.95. 
WhIle you wait. Xeroua and 1'IlCft. Near 
St. GermaJna. 452-11848. (10125-812) 

La JoIa Barberahop. QualIty Barberlng. 
Hain:uII • . 00. 459-5792. (113-3110) 
Los. f.t without DI.tlng... Doctor 
aupeMeed Tueeday waning Iacture. or 
call 452-2882. (1/3-4/8) 

ViolinNlol. Lesson. . You or your 
chIId(ren) can INm from an experlencad, 
profauionaJ taacher. Now accepting 
studentI- all agee and level. weIcomel 
Call Cofnd 486-0525. (1/10-3110) 

Word pc< 1111 lIIofanyldnd,iargeor ..... 
QuIck.-.n. pJlfllll)j III quaIty. Cal".,. 
orClroi. 276-7382. (111 ().3'10) 

To get 
ahead, 
run 

with 
,the 
leader. 

Word Pro c ... Ing(TypIng: AcMernIc 
r'IWIUICriI* • .,..,.. ........ booka. 
lattara. appIIcatIonI. AocuratalFaat 
MNIoe. Mary 10m 452~. (1110-31 
10) 
GREEJ<8. CL.U88. Earn _ .. ~ lor 
,......,... ........ ,...Cllultl 
TlIIe fundrIIIIar oaaII nailing and ..... 
11M week. Cal now and raoeNe • he 
gil. l-1C)O.1132-G821 ...... (1f2O.317) 

Word Pnlc ... lng. DI ... ~ Work. Apple"''' RepaItI. Reun6a. EaIg. 
Tr. I 'I)!1.OIhar~"""'jobI. 
458-580&. (1124-311 0) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: 
SpacIaJty in EAnNG DISORDERS. 
IndMduaI Md IJ'OUP therIIpy avaIIIIbIe. 
Cal CIndy Ryan. 571-1432. (1/27~4) 

.. IIONEY FOR COLLI!GI!" '135 
mililon unclaimed I Schol.r.hlp 
matching guaranteedl FREE bookletl 
24-hour recording. (800) 434-8015 
EXT 210. (1/31-2/24) 

GREEKS! Paying 1110 d lor..". 01' 
..... ? Gall Zeta"..... We offer quality 
double IIIIchIng and full MrYice lID yow' 
door. (819) 521-8281. (2/22-2/24) 

Shipping/Moving? G.t your .tuH 
together. _'11 do the r .. t. 1 ID 1000 
pound •. The P.ck.glng Store. 600-
792-2299. (217-2128) 

PI.no Instruction given by gr.du.te 
ot St. Peter.burg. Cona.rvatory. PhD 
l1udent at UCSD. Call VERA .t 450-
0388. (2/10-2/24) 

M .... g. - therapeutic. rehabllit.tiv •• 
preventive •• port • . Fr ...... Ion with 
thla .d. 450-0388. AI.xandar. (2/10-
2/24) 

Guitar Iaaaonal Any-Ityta. on campua or 
of(begi. ilnglo adVanced. MuIIcIanahip. 
theory. technique. 9 v-ra playing. 5 
yean teaching experience. S10/leUOn. 
Dave 942-3212. (2114-2128) 

Word Proc"'iI9Audio TranacnpClon. 
Prof8IsionaJ. PeraonabJa. Vary Iklled. 
Graduat. + r....m & book publication 
background. 221.()()3(). (2J22-3/10) 

The VCSD Guardiu 

\\ \\ 1'1 I) 
Earn '100.00. SubjecI8 -ad lor • 
aIUdy on liIDDhoI'a ..... If ~ ... 
Jap.n.... Chin.... or Korean. 
Am.rlcan-bom mal.. call ScrIPP8 
R •••• dllnaIIIl* for mora 1nfonnaIIon. 
554-7240. (113-3110) 

UCSD ....... CenIer naada '-IIhy 
~. agee 18-50. for a 2 hour 
lludyaboulav-bllnldng. $1 0 pUpark!ng 
wII be pnMded. C8II Dab at 543-2314. 
(1/31-3/10) 

VOLUNTEERI Improv. the quality of 
life for children .t rtak of abuM and 
negl.ct. C.rlng Indlvldu.l •• r. 
n •• d.d now. Cont.ct K.ren 
Hirschfeld. 882-0727. (2/22-2/24) 

Flnwnakarneededlomak.pof".lrt ... 
video for educational .cademy for 
hair8tyhtI. Leave m .... for WI.1am 
@ 584-1227. (2J22-2/24) 

SaaIdng training partner to awJm .t 
CanyonviewINatatorium 1-3 days per 
weak. Intarmediate level (2200-2800 
yarde) . Call NJchoIuat885-3315. Leave 
.-age. (2J22) 

LO~l \ \U HH \1) 
LOST - Light blue windbreaker j.ck.t 
·Inf.nt Care S.tety - Fullerton Mill· 
logo. $10 r.ward . Stev. 534-5935. 
(2117 -2/22) 
FOUND: Ladle. w.tch In the Muir 
parking lot on 2/13. C.II 622-1147 to 
cl.lm. (2/22-3/10) 

FOUND: Pair gIuI8I at Pateraon Hatl21 
17. TORTOISE IheJI frame with gold 
tample piacaa. pJuIic lana. untinted. 
DenniI 534-7357. (2122-3/1 0) 

PEH~O\ \L~ 
KrIIIIn. HIppy 21. BIrtldrIyII -~. Wol2) 
The THETAS and BETAS .,. getting 
psyched about GnIek Weakl Hope ID 
... everyone therel (2/22-2/24) 

You should be proud of your coUege record . You saw a 
window of opportuni ty and you took advan,age of it, with 
hard work. detemination. and-finally-success. And 
your timing couldn't be bener. because righ, now LS I 
Logic is poised for a similar opporrunity-a perfect 
convergence of our new technologies and market demands. 

, 

A decade ago we pioneered ASIC ,echnology-
a semiconductor technology that aUows electronics 
manufacturers to design lheir own in,egraled circuils. Since 
then. we've led the ASIC industry to another level-system· 
level integration. O ur new technology aUows our Designers 
to put a complete system on a single chip ... and our 500K 
( 1.5 million gate technology) process provides the means to 
manufacture it . 

But we ean't continue to lead the industry alone--and 
that 's where you come in . Our success has created 
challenging engineering opponunities for you in the 
following ~: 

• "'/'''1I''E 
• '"tlll 'EIIII 
• Lilli 'EIIII 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Friday, March 4th 
If you are mKly to set the winning patt for innovation and 
nm with the leader. then contact: Cynthia F. Sakuma. 
College Relations Program Manager. LSI Logic 
Corporation. ml McCarthy Blvd., MIS A-I66. Milpitas. 
CA ~03'. (408) 03··4300. FAX: (408) 433 -7726. EQUAL 
OPPORTIlNIlY EMPLDYER-MIF. DISABLEDIV. 

, ...... TlBLIlIT1II 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

There's still time 
to apply to 

Golden Gate University 
School of Law 

• Located in the financial/legal district of San Francisco 

1'30 
lvalul 
I 

• Accrt~dited by the American Bar Association 
• Full-time day and part-time evening programs 

• Merit Tuition Scholarship Program 
• Emphases in Litigation, Environmental Law, 

International Law and Public Interest Law 

Aprl'15 application dudllne fot Fal/1994 
February LSAr ~ .. accepted 

Call 415/442-6830 
538 Mluion Street • 5IIn Francisco 

Dllrl~hl •• "NoI aood wtlh .ny ad .... 011'... I 
~----
I $25 I ----I I 10% OFF I 

I PARTS I ! TUNE UP I 
• 90 da)5 same as cash 
fi""rtci"II 

• 6 months fina,.aFr(!, OAC 
-w, will In''Iu mt.IIcb other 

fIIIunNsed prius 
• Li.fettme serotce 'IriIh any bike 

purdwr 

-

: I ACCESSORIES : 

3246 Governor Dr. (corrwrojRtgmlS 6 Gooemor) 452-8842 
....., .... Viii· .... E ..... DI....., 

' . 



--

I.' 

" 

18 SPORTS 

1&'. --V, ... aa .. In r ................ . 
• nd Alice t:he next: 1IVIIiI ... atyIet 

tu4 '11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 exira. 
Full service reg. $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm; T-W -T 9-8pm 
-

/ .......... ,,... 
............ -I HAIR ) • "WIII'._'--' ----- ----......... -- -. . .. ... ... ---..., 

- -

SKIN 
NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 Via La Jolla Drive. La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's and Sav-On) 
IVIEN - VVClIVIEN 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES $99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES,· 60's, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY. TUX SHIRTS 
----------------C 0' 0 L 5 T U F F 

FAIRMAIRS 
4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 

-----_-uPEN 7 DAYS • 222.0220, ____ .... 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VD.O II COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

3211 Holiday Court (next to DomIno'. PImI) 452-9141 
~1 F J G E. p 3 22 9-l 
SAT 10 1 with UCSD ID 

Re: Dlsestabllsh.ent of 
Dept. of Pbyslcal Education 

The Academic Senate hal been uked to consider 8 
proposal to disestabllih the [)epertment of Physical 
Education. Any students wilting to comment on the 
propoaed dlHstablilhment IhouId address their comments, 
In writing, to the Academic SeMIe, 0002, aslOOf1 81 poSlibie. 

The UCSD.CuanIiaa T ..... y, Febraary22, 1994 

UCSD PuBs Out Nail-biters 
11REAI: Tritons win fourtb 
IyAnNl_ 
AssocI.ttl Sport. Editor 

There will be no playoff spot. 
There will be no huge victory cel-
ebration. But .t least the UCSD 

women's bas-

BASKET 

-
, .... .." 

BRLL 

ketball team 
can take s0-
lace in the fact 
that il is ac-
complisbing 
something it 
had difficulty 
doing earlier 
in the season 
-winning. 

The Tri-
tons (12-11) 
extended 
their season-

long unbeaten streak to four games 
last weekend with a pair of cIown-
to-the-wire wins, outpointingOcc:i-
dental College 99-98 in double over-
time on Friday and squeaking by 
local rival Point Loma Nazarene 
College, 89-86, on Saturday. It is 
the first time that the Tritons have 
been over .500 since they were 3-2 
back in December. 

A month ago, the Tritons consis-
tently found a way to lose the close 
ones. Lately, though, the veteran 
roster has stepped up its play. 

"We've been in a 101 of close 
games this year, and we were hop-
ing 10 win them all along," UCSD 
Head Coach Judy Malonesaid. "Our 
experience has been a big differ-
ence [of lale]." 

Triton center Lisa Beaver moved 
herself one step closer 10 history, 
pulling within one point of Cari 
Young's all-time UCSD scoring 
record of 1,250 career points. The 
6'3" senior scored 36 points and 
pulled down a team-high 34 re-
bounds in the two games over the 
weekend. 

Against Occidental on Friday, it 
looked as if the Tritons would con-
tinue their road woes. The Tigers 
roared to a 13-point halftime lead. 

UCSD finally showed up in the 
second half, coming back to tie the 
contest at 81 and send it into over-
time. 

In the extra frame, neither team 
would budge, and after five minutes 
the game was sti ll tied, this time at 
91. 

The Tritons finally gained an 
edge in the second overtime. Sopho-
more Valerie Ryan hit a baseline 

jumper with less than 10 seconds 
left to put San Diego up two. 

A costly UCSD foul sent Tiger 
guard Desirie Rippy to the line with 
a chance to tie the game. She made 
only one of the two attempts, though, 
and Stacey Pliska grabbed the re-
bound and was fouled immediately. 

Patsko, trying to intentionally 
miss the free throw by rifling it off 
the backboard, failed 10 hil the rim, 
automatically giving Occidental the 
ball and one last opportunity. 

The Tigel1 missed the despera-
tion shot and UCSD escaped with a 
one-point win. 

Junior Tami Oviatt came off the 
bench 10 tally 16 points and 13 re-
bounds, while junior Michelle 
Henricks poured in 15 points and 
garnered eight rebounds. 

On Saturday the Tritons returned 
home to face Point Loma Nazarene 
College (10-14), which beat San 
Diego earlier in the season by nine 
at Point Loma. 

The game was close the entire 
way, with neithersquadabletoforge 
ahead to a double-digit lead. At half-
time, UCSD held a three-point ad-
vantage, shooting a dominating55.6 

percent, while Point Loma con-
nected on only 41.9 percent of its 
tries. 

Twice in the second half, the 
Crusadel1 pulled to within one, but 
could never regain the lead, mainly 
because of awful shooting from the 
field (35 percent for the halt). 

The lurning point in the 'game 
took piKe with 3:40 remaining in 
the second balf. Danielle Phipps was 
whistled for her fifth foul, sending 
her to the bench for good. 

Phipps decided 10 get her two 
cents in, telling the referee what she 
thought ofthe call. She was hit with 
a technical foul, giving the Trilons 
another two frcc throws. 

The freebies gave UCSD a four-
point advanlage, which finished off 
Point Loma for good. 

"It was a nail-biter. Every time 
they scored, we went down to the 
other end and answered," Malone 
said. 

Patsko performed well off the 
bench, contributing ] 1 points and 
12 rebounds. Oviatt had another 
strong outing as well, scoring 11 
points and grabbing eight boards. 
Ryan also tallied 11 points. 

UCSD at Occidental: 2/18194 (2 OT) UCSD vs. Point Loma Nazarene: 2119194 
.... ••••• ., .. AlA AI% .. A 10" ca... • R , .. FaA N% .. A 10 " 
lJq Sen IlIeCo :31 7j. lB." Point 
Occidental College 29 85 .341 53 14 16 98 UC San DIe&o 29 55 .527 54 20 30 89 

UC .. .,.... .. PM .. " A .. ~PoI:;IIt~L'i-~";;";";'~NA~':_;'~"~~A~;";' 
Taml Ovtatt 5 8 13 16 0 24 Annie Beddoes 5 ·13 7 16 1 24 

ChrIIJI!IIIliItII~aIaB"""'''' Onl' ..... c.-... 
. Wi .. NA .. " A .. UC...... .. NA _ 1P A .. u'~ .. ~aaaa ...... waji Deslrle Rippy 3 18 7 25 7 44 Stacey Pitsko 4 8 12 11 1 23 ~~~~~ ... Ti~· .. mE .......... . 

CBS: Sharea 
moment with Tonya 
ContInued from ..... 20 

"II is entirely poaible, Oreg." 
"Thano, Lealie. We'll have 

more on this .tory as it developl. 
But now a..rlea KuraJt will offer 
hi. thoughts on the pmea of the 
17th Olympiad." 

·Ullelwnmer. Some will come 

home winners. Some will come 
home IoIen. But for all, the fact 
remains the same - it's damn cold 
out here." 

"Charles Kuralton Lillehammer. 
Lealie?" 

"0rea. CBS has just learned thai 
Tonya Harding used a public 
restroom .•• and she forgot to flush •• 

"Good Lord, Leslie' " 
.y o.'ve uid a meutllful, Greg. .. 
"All ..... " let 's act back 10 U.S. 

hockey action, with Mike Eurizoae. .. 
"Peter FIII'IIO of the U.S. tam 

tabs the puck at the blue tiDe, he 
weaves put a Slovakian defendw, 
He ahooII, he •• •• 

"Sorry 10 interrupt, Mike, but we 
hive to tab a COIUleIdai br.It. 
We'U pt bIck to .... boctey IICIion, 
after y. another promo for the 
Grammy AYIIIW 011 CBS. eo.u., 
up, the lruIIIaboIII TOIl,. ....... '. 
clencaJ rec:onk.. 

TlHlIday, February 22,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

§o§ 
EWSFLASHE 

AssocIATED STUDENTS 
Come learn how you can get Involved 
In Student Gevemment. There are 
many opportunities ranging from 
External Affairs to Student AIJvocacy to 
Publicity. Our offices our on the third 
floor of the PrIce Center. Stop by 
anytIme to discover ttte many ways to 
get Involved or call 534-4450 for more 
Infonnation. 

SANGAM SEMI-FORMAL 
Come join us at the Hotel Del 
Coronado for a night of fun. There'll 
be lots of great music and plenty of 
people to mlgle with. For tickets. call 
Palka at 538-0611 or Sabena at 457-
7876. 

SANGAM SEMI-FORMAL 
Come join us at the Hotel Del 
Coronado for a night of fun. There'll 
be lots of great music and plenty of 
people to mlgle with. For tickets. call 
Palka at 538-0611 or Sabena at 457-
7876. 

AS BROADCASI' SERVICE _ 
Interested in workIng on TV Produc-
tions? Join the Associated Students 
Broadcasting servicel Meetings are 
Thursdays at 9am In the Student 
leadership Chambers, 3rd floor PrIce 
Center. Call 587-8771 for more 
infonnatlon. 
RUSSIAN PANEL DISCUSSION 
Graduate and undergraduate students 
share their personal perspectives 
regarding the changing political. 
economic, and social situation in 
Russia. Bring your lunch and join us! 
March 1. 11:30am. Intematlonal 
Center. Call 534-3730 for more 
Infonnatlon. 

TMCFoRUM 
A free movie. "Incident at Oglah" on 
the life of Leonard PeltIer. a NatIve 
American serving a life sentence as a 
US political prisoner. Narrated by 
Robert Redford. February 24. 7pm In 
Peterson 108, 

SU. POWER .. AND THE 
MEDIA 
A slide presentation and discussIon by 
Ann SImonton. March 1. 7pm In Salls 
Hall 107. Call 534-6708 for more 
Infonnatlon. 

PSYCH CLUB MEETING 
COme hear a ProfessIonal Health 
Psychologist talk about this field of 
work. Mon, Feb 28, 3:00pm. Davis/ 
Riverside room. 
MOVIE AND DISCUSSION 
Movie and Discussion on Issues that 
deal with prejudice. bIgotry, and 
racism on the college campus. Feb 
24. 7 :OOpm. PrIce Center gallery A 

ARMENIAN STUDENT 

AssocIATION 
ASA will have Its next meeting on 
Wednesday, March 2nd. Please read 
next week's announcement for time 
and place. 
PuCUC SPEAKING 
Public Speaking Club meeting. Come 
and see what we're atl about. Bring a 
videotape for speech practice. New 
members welcome! Feb 22, 7:30pm. 
Peterson 104. Call 552-8647 for 
more Infonnation. 

UPSYNCH CONTEST 
Come to the first alk:ollege IIpsynch 
contest! Admission Is free . $100.00 
flrst prize! To enter call 558-8011 . 
Wed, Feb 23. 9pm. Top of the Quad. 

INCOME TAX INFO 
Tax Workshop. Feb 24. 1-3pm In the 
Los Angeles/Santa Barbara room. 
GAVEL.. . Students helping students. 

KARAOKE NICHT 
Come sing with usl Friday. Feb 25, 7- . 
12pm. Oceanvlew lounge. 
FRENCH CONNECTION 
We need your help to organize the 
upcomIng events. For more Infonna-
tlon. call Alain at 45&6890. 

A.S. YEARBOOK 
Missed buying a yearbook? We 
ordered extras. YQU can reserve one 
by sending a $25 check payable to 
"A.S. Yearbook· to ·A.S. Yearbook, 
9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla. CA 92093-
0077." Supplies limited! Meetings 
are Mondays at 6:30. new members 
alwtfoJs welcome. Call 534-7491 for 
more InformatIon. 

ANAFA POT LUCK 
Everyone Is welcome to take part In a 
vegan and vegetarian potluck 
Wednesday, Feb 23, 7pm! Our last 
potluck was a delicious success. we 
hope this one will be even better. 
Please call if you have any questions I 
Call Shlvon at 459-2815 for more 
Information. 

AASUEVENTS 
Come enjoy music, pizza. and funl 
February 23. &pm, Round Table Pizza. 
Come to the Cultural Music Festival on 
Feb 26 at 7pm In the PRice Center' 
Ballroom. A Celebration of gospel, 
jazz, rap. etc. AASU general body 
meeting on Feb 28 at 5:30pm In the 
Warren College Canyon Vista Lounge . 

AssocIATED STUDENTS 
Come to the thIrd floor of the PrIce 
center. 

CHE CAFE GRAND OPENING 
On Tuesday, February 22nd, the Che' 
Cafe will open Its doors to the campus 
community for dally lunch hours. 
Reasonably priced, vegetarian cuisine 
will be available In a pleasant, relazing 
environment MondtfoJ through Friday 
from 11am to 2pm. As always. the 
Che' will continue to be open for 
weekly AlI-YolJ-Can-Eats. Wednesday 
from 5pm to 7pm as well as musical, 
cultural, and educational events. The 
Che' Cafe Is located on the southwest 
end of the carnpus In the proximity of 
the Student Center. the 
Udnergraduate Ubrary, and the 
Mandell Weiss Center. Please call 
534-2311 for further Information. 

LAKERS VS SPURS 
$25 tix will be sold for $10. Purchase 
at TMC Dean's office. Carpool! 
Space Is limited! February 26. 
7:30pm. Call 534-4390 for more 
infonnation. 
AsIAN YOlITH OUTREACH 
PROJECf 
Do you like working with kids? Do you 
want to help the community? And out 
what AYOP .Is all about. Special 
training session for volunteer work 
with kids. Thurs. Feb 24. 6-7 pm In 
Peterson Hall. Call Richard at 558-
7538 for more Information. 

TV CAMERA OPERATIONS 
TV camera operations required for a 
variety of projects for AS Brodcastlng 
Service. Earn valuable experience and 
opportunity for possible airing on 
broadcast television. Call 534-4450 
for more Information. 

DEATH PENALTY FORUM 
Open forum to discuss pros/cons and 
various aspects of the death penalty 
In America. Feb 23. 6:30pm. PrIce 
Center Gallery B. Call Sarah at 558-
6522 for more Information. 

DON'T DRINK THE WATER 
A two act comedy by Woody Allen 
presented by the warren Theatre GUild. 
Sat. Feb 26. 8pm; Sun. Feb 27, 2pm; 
Canyon Vista Lounge. 

MTV AUDITIONS 
MTV will be auditioning for Lyp Service 
and MTV's Blind Date. Interested 
people please contact Cecelia ASAP at 
534-5259 for more Information and to 
sign up. February 25 at 4:30pm In the 
PrIce Center Plaza. ' 

AssocIATED STUDENTS 
call us lit 534-4450. 

ALL Associated Students elected positions are open-including: Presi-
dent, VP Admin, VP Finance, VP External, Senators 

Rrst day to file is March 7 
Start thinking about how YOU can make B difference/ 

Remember to vote April 5-7 

I 

19 

AS MEETINGS 
The Associated Students Council holds 
meetings every Wednesday night at 
6:30. The meetings are open to the 
public and students are encouraged to 
attend . 

Th,:eb.22 
B XTALE 

Robert· _ _ A ... 
DeNi 

<:>.-.Iy- $.1 
Price Center The atre 
8:00 10:30 

Thurs. Feb. 24 

Pric e C enter T h e atre 

6:30 9:00 11 :30 
• i L - 1,- ... - • So : 

:'-f-; I il' .1<.1~.l"L-L-
:'-f-;2 <.1.1Y <I.>' _I.e.>,-"" 
resented b . . 

Volunteer 
. , 

Connection 
A.S.K. Info Night 

Enjoy working with kids? Join the 
Active Students for Kids elemen-
tary school tutoring program. 
Come to the info night. Make a 
difference in a child's lifel . 
Wednesday, February 23, 7 :OOpm 
in the Volunteer Connection Of-
fice on the 2nd floor of the Price 
Center, Call 534-1414 for more 
information. 

A.S. Newsflashes Is produced by the Assccilltfld 
Students of ucso. Studem OtfenlZlItIotIs may 
IIdWHtIM Itt the A.S. Newsfluhes by fflHrw out the 
IbmlIocMed outside the A.S. ~'. omce. third 
ffoor. PrIce Center. Submissions are due HCh 

I ~ ., noon for the next Monday's edition. 

.. 

-



.. 

. 'l 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Cuardi ... Tuelday, February 22,1994 

PHIUP 

MI[HREL5 
CBS Goes for 
The Bronze Triton Aquatics Storms the PCSCs 

I really enjoy watching the 
Winter Olympics on CBS. I 
guess I'll enjoy it even more, 
once CBS gets around to 
showing us some actual 
events ... 

CONFERENCE CONTEST: UCSD qualifies nine swimmers for Nationals at Pacifi~ Collegiate Championships 

"Good evening, and 
welcome to LiIIehammer. I'm 
Greg Gumbel. We've got a lot 
of action that took place nearly 
12 hours ago, so let's get right 
to the highlight film and join 
Dick Stockton out at the 
Viking Ship. Dick?" 

"Thanks, Greg. The eyes of 
the world are on American 
Frieda Jenkins tonight as she 
attempts to win the gold in the 
women's 1500 meters. By now, 
everyone is familiar with 
Frieda's story - how she 
toilt:d at a Walmart in her 
hometown of Pawtucket, 
Rhode Island to rise from 
abject poverty, how her father 
sold his business and robbed 
liquor stores in order to get the 
money to buy her first pair of 
skates, how Frieda's dog Rover 
died of ringworm just days 
before the opening ceremonies 
of these Olympic games. Now 
Frieda will get the chance to 
take home a gold medal after 
years of struggle. Back to you, 
Greg." 

"Thanks, Dick. We'll be 
showing you Frieda Jenkins' 
run at the gold medal later on 
in the program. But first - the 
two-man bobsled, where 
American Olaf Jones is trying 
to become the first American to 
ever medal. Olaf, of course, 
gained notoriety after he 
crashed in the world champion-
ships last year and had to have 
his pancreas removed. But now 
Olaf has struggled out of the 
intensive care unit to compete 
at Lillehammer. How is Olaf 
doing, Leslie Visser?" 

"'He crashed, Greg." 
"'We' ll be taking a look at 

Olafs crash a little later in the 
program after this salute to the 
U.S. luge team set to the music 
of Bachman Turner Over-
drive." 

"But first, Greg, we have an 
update on Tonya Harding. She 
had com flakes for breakfast 
this morning. One of the com 
flakes went down the wrong 
pipe, but she managed to cough 
it up before she sustained any 
more damage to her ankle." 

"Could the pressure be 
getting to Tonya, Leslie?" 

See cas, Pace 18 

ay ..... K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

Despite the majority of the Tri-
ton contingency competing com-
pletely unshaved and untapered, the 

UCSD men's 
and women's 
swimming 
and diving 
team surely 
commanded 
the respect of 
its conference 
foes by captur-
ing third and 
sixth, respec-
tively, at the 
Pacific Colle-
giate Swim 
Champion-

ships held' last Wednesday through 
Friday at Long Beach. Not bad, es-
pecially since they could have cared 
less about the meet's outcome. 

"'We didn't enter a couple of re-
lays and scratched several people 
from their events. We really didn't 
care whatsoever about our place at 
conference," swimming Head Coach 
Doug Boyd said. 

"'We were just there to get our 
cuts [for Nationals]. It's a fast pool 
and we like swimming up there," he 
added. 

Boyd estimated that 60 percent 
of his swimmers raced into the Tri-
tons' second-largest meet of the year 
both unshaved and untapered. 

These were the fortunate ones 
who had previously qualified for 
the NCAA Division III Nationals, 
which will be held March 10-12 for 
the women and March 17-19 for the 
men, in Williamstown, MA. 

For those who had not previ-
ously made the increasingly diffi-
cult time qualifications for the big 
show, Long Beach's promise of top-
notch competition and fast swim-
ming looked to be just what the 
doctor ordered. 

Indeed,juniors Diane Wegienka 
(5: 12.69) and Kel\ie Lusk (5: 14.39) 
started the Triton qualification fest 
for the women on Wednesday, steal-
ing eighth and 13th respectively, in 
the 500-yard freestyle. 

Sophomore Shelly Tabke threw 
her cap into the ring, icing a 24.97 
12th-place finish in. the 5O-free. 

The UCSD's women's diving 
dominance continued with Sheri 
Takeuchi (407.70) nailing fourth in 
the three-meter event. Jill Jackson 
(fifth, 407.1S), Kristi Young (nintb, 
356.10) and Julie Goldstein (10th, 
34S.3S)each threw in their two cents 

See SWIM, Pace 15 
THE WEEK AHEAD 

.... _l1li: 
Mon.-Sat .• Feb. 21-26 at sec Invitational 

w •••• '.,---= 
Thu .• Feb. 24 vs. Grossmont at NCR Courts. 2 p.m. 

Women' 
beRt ....... 
200 .. AiIiij PiitiII .. 4a11q,... 

....... 

200 1M 1:53.86' 500 Free Diane Weglenka 
l<ellie Lusk 

5:12.69' 8 
5:14.39' 13 

100Ry Gavin Bishop 51.89 4 
Justin Kitagawa 52.33 6 
John Flowers 53.06 11 

200 Back 

200 Medley Relay Carrie Parker 1:54.13 5 
Shelly Tabke 
Christina Galdos 
Heather McPherson 

100 Fly Christina Galdos 1:01.09 12 

100 Breast Shelly Tabke 1:08.69' 8 
Alison Abbott 1:09.32' 9 
Michelle Berger 1:11.22 14 
Allison Dunn 1:11.71 15 

1650 Free Renee Salgado 18:04.21' 9 
Diane Weiienka 18:06.83' 10 
l<ellie Lusk 18:13.68' 11 

200 Breast Allison Dunn 2:30.78 8 
Alison Abbott 2:31.84 16 
~FIV CIititInI 2:1g U 
400 Free Relay Cybelle Fox 3:41.33 6 

Laurie Boyd 
Heather McPherson 
Carrie Parker 

women·."IrII," c • c 
•••••••••••• 

..... a •• . ., 

1 Meter Jill Jeckson 
SherI Takeuchi 
Julie GoIdateIn 
Krtstl You,. 

.... 

399.70 
370.60 
365.30 
324.50 

...... 

2 
4 
5 
9 Men'1IirlII" c • c 

·««e· «·'4 •••• 
400 Free ~ Judd oa-·(47.05) 

JohnflowM 
T,..,.MIIIer 
K8Iey PartdnIan 

GUARDIAN ATHLETE·OF·THE·WEEK 
, 

Comina tbroup in the clutch, senior breuIItroker ...... 
SIDI pulled off two of the bigeat swims of hillife (III week II 
the PacifIC Col\egiale Swimmina Chlmpioalbipa. 

Shim joined teammate Travis Miller with an NCAA NationaIa 
qualifying cut in the 200-yard 1M after touchina the wall in 
eiptb-place in a time of 1:57.16. 

Never one to rest on his laurels, the Mnior alao hit u NCAA 
mark in the 200-yard braIIIIrote witb alpledy 2:09.18. 

-[Shim) bad a pat meeI,. Head Coach Doua Boyd aid. 


