
ILSIWHIIiI 

Aztec' lowi • ., ae 
HIMoriai SH_ 
SAN DIEGO - After a long 
legal tug-of-war between the 
San Diego State University 
administration and City 
Planning Senior Anne Rizzo 
over the destruction of the 
Aztec Bowl, a step has been 
taken toward its preservation. 
The Aztec Bowl was nomi-
nated to the national registry 
of historical sites last month, 
with the State Historical 
Resources Commission 
voting 6-1 in favor of 
nominating it for placement 
on the state list of preserved 
sites. 

Former Sblffers 
AlI,,_ Prejudice 
DAVIS - Several former 
employees of the Davis 
branch of the University and 
State Employees Credit Union 
(U.S.E.) have alleged that the 
union discriminates against 
employees and members. "As 
an e"perienced credit union 
employee, I am more than 
aware of the fair lending 
practices and nondiscrimina-
tory bylaws which credit 
unions are supposed to 
follow," said Cindy Contreras, 
a former loan officer who 
claims to have witnessed and 
experienced discrimination at 
the credit union. "I can assure 
you that U.S.E. does not 
follow these. In fact, they 
blatantly disregard them." A 
spokesman for the credit union 
denied the charges. 

UCSB Prof .. .. 
__ .. 0 .... . 
SANTA BARBARA-
Walter H. Capps, a religious 
studies professor at UC Santa 
Barbara since 1964, an-
nounced last week that he 
plans to seek the Democratic 
Party's nomination for the 
22nd District congressional 
seat in the June primary. 
"Politics tras replaced 
democracy, that's my thesis," 
Capps said. 

INSIDE 

GmTAR 
HIATUS: Melissa 
Ferrick appears at Disc 
Caf~ tonight Hi 

SPORTS: UCSD golf 
remains unbeaten at 4-0 
this aeuon 17 

INDEX 

.. 

lx:sD BRIEFS ............................ 2 
CALVIN a HOBBES .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 
HJATUS .................................. HI 
sPOm .................................. 11 
QASSIFIEIlS ........................... 14 

, H E u c s D 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1994 VOLUME 81 , ISSUE 18 

Regent in Trouble After 
Senate Committee Vote 

FDA 
Restricts 
UCSD 
Research 

STUDIES: Lee could 
be the first regent since 
Leland Stanford in 
1883 to be rejected for 
UC Board of Regents 
By Jonne '.Imer 
Associate News Editor 

For the first time in more than 
a century, a nominee for the Uni-
versity of California Board of 
Regents was rejected by the Cali-
fomia State Senate. In a 3-2 vote, 
the Senate Rules Committee re-
jected the appointment of Lester 
H. Lee, a Sunnyvale business-
man. The vote was split along 
party lines, with Democrats vot-
ing against Lee. 

Lee, who was appointed by 
Gov. Pete Wilson last year, could 
be the first regent denied a seat on 
the board since Leland Stanford 

in 1883. 
Lee's ousting was orchestrated 

by the Senate's new president pro-
tem, Bill Lockyer (D-Hayward), 
reportedly as a reaction to Lee's 
conservative voting habits during 
his year on the Board of Regents. 
Lee, the only Chinese American 
ever to serve on the board, cast 
votes to increase fees and cut 
employee pay raises last year 
while also voting to raise the sala-
ries of certoin top UC administra-
tors. Lee was one of five regents 
to vote against pay increases for 
UC hospital administrators in 
November. 

In spite of his vote on that 
issue, Lee was also cri ticized by 
members of the committee for 
deferring to the decisions of the 
UC Office of the President. 

The governor's office was sur-
prised by the Senate vote. "Dr. 
Lee is exactly the kind :>f person 

HERE'S CALVERT 

we need on the Board of Regents, " 
Wilson said. 

The only way Lee 's appoint-
ment could be resurrected would 
be if the full Senate granted him 
the seat,a motion that has not been 
attempted for many years. At press 
time, there was no indication as to 
whether Lee's supporters would 
initiate a fight on the Senate floor 
this Friday. 

Associated Students Vice Presi-
dent External Nick Endres said he 
knew that Lee would have a hard 
time being appointed by the Sen-
ate. '" think this is indicative of the 
climate ... The regent reform initia-
tives are really beginning to be 
taken to heart by the [California] 
Assembly," Endres said. 

"I've talked with Lee before. 
My impression of him is that he 
really just seems to take the word 
of the Office of the President for 
granted," Endres added. 

STUDIES: UCSD must 
strengthen reporting 
procedures before new 
testing can begin 
By Philip Michaels 
News Editor 

The Food and Drug Adminis-
tration (FDA) slapped UCSD with 
temporary restrictions on Mon-
day, following an audit that re-
vealed flaws in the monitoring of 
FDA-regulated studies involving 
human volunteers at UCSD. 

The restrictions prohibit 
UCSD from adding new subjects 
to ongoing FDA-regulated stud-

See FbA, Page 10 

Employees 
Demand Union 
Representation 
By Karen Chen. 
Senior Staff Writer 

As a result of the recent University of 
California budget cuts and across-the-board 
fee increases voted for by the Board of Re-
gents last month, approximately 3,500 Uni-
versity of California technical employees are 
demanding union representation by the Uni -
versity Professional and Technical Employ-
ees (UPTE). 

C8IYert DeForreet (rfCht), who ...... on",.... L.8te Show WIth D.vld Lettenn.n," 
............. for UCSD students. ,..... ... the story on ..... 3. 

The employees are seeking union recogni-
tion because of high cuts in wages and health 
benefits, in addition to unresolved employee 
grievances. Holding a press conference on 
Tuesday in front of the Central University 
Library, representatives of UPTE of San Di-
ego, along with Communications Workers of 
America (CWA), called for union members to 
get involved as part of a statewide action to 

See UPTE, Page 3 

A.5. Withdraws Task Force Appointment 
COUNCIL: Tesak to 
serve as interim rep to 
UCSD cross-cultural 
center task force 
., C8ndIoe MoP ....... 
Staff WrIter 

In an attempt to meet a deadline 
set by the administration, Associ-
ated Students President Carla 
Tent selected Muir Colleae Sena-
tor Elliot Kamin last week to be 
tbe A.S. representative to the 
cbancellor'l tilt fon:c on the pro-
poICd crou-cultural center. The 

appointment was withdrawn, how-
ever, after other members of the 
A.S. Council argued that the posi-
tion had not been lufficiently pub-
licized. 

"[The A.S. ] was under the im-
pression by the chancellor that we 
had to appoint someone soon. 
That's why Carla moved so fast to 
name someone," Kamin said. 

In the interim, Teaak will act as 
the A.S. representative to the task 
fon:c. Besides Kamin, the only 
other ltudent to apply for the posi-
tion wu Manhall Colleac Junior 
Senator Michael Um. 

Last month, both Kamin and 
Lim submitted resolutions to the 
A.S. regarding the cross-cultural 
center. Lim's resolution was in 
favor of the Cross-Cultural Cen-
ter Coalition's proposal, while 
Kamin's resolution called for an 
alternative plan. 

The A.S. will accept applica-
tions for the task force position 
until tomorrow. . 

Administrators approved the 
creation of a task force to exam-
ine a proposal submitted by the 
Crols-Cultural Center Coalition 

See A.I, Pace 9 M,* C ..... SenIor leMtor 
.... K8nIIn 



2 NEWS 

Former Model Speaks 
Out Against Media 
LECTURE: Simonton discusses media exploitation 
as part of UCSD's International Women's Week 
By IVIIII Delventhal 
Staff Writer 

Ann Simonton, the former 
model who now heads Media 
Watch, gave a slide presentation 
Tuesday night about the way in 
which the media presents 
exploitive portrayals of women. 

Simonton, who appeared on the 
covers of both Sports 
Illustrated and Sev-
enteen in the early 
'70s before she be-
gan her campaign 
against exploiti ve 
images, spoke to an 
audience of approxi-
mately 300 students 
as part of UCSD's 
Int e rnational 
Women's Week. 

to educate that audience. 
"There is a freedom of com-

mercial speech in America, " said 
Simonton, adding that many indi-
viduals do not have the means to 
exercise their First Amendment 
rights. "Everyone should have ac-
cess to freedom of speech, not just 
those who can afford 'It." 

Many of 

One of the pri-
mary goals of Media 
Watch is to show that 
"education must be 
used to bring about 
social change. It is 
necessary to help 
stop violence against 
women and men," 
Simonton said. 

"In order to 
maintain the 

Simonton ' s 
slides dealt with 
the way women 
are transformed 
into sex objects 
by the commer-
cial industry. 
Simonton 
showed that 
women are fre-
quently por-
trayed as submis-
sive and vulner-
able, which is a 
dangerous repre-
sentation because 
it reinforces the 
"woman as vic-
tim" stereotype 
that already ex-
ists in society. 

Simonton spoke 
briefly of her own 
career as a model, 
which began at age 
14 when she worked 
as the trophy girl at a 
racetrack. Simonton 
called it a humiliat-

statu. quo, you 
must teach men 
to be violent, 
and you must 
also teach 
women that It In addition, Simonton dis-

cussed the preva-
lence of violence 
in society. "Vio-
lence being 
watched creates 
aggressive be-

I ... xytobe 
victim. and 
that they 
deserve to be 
hurt." ing experience 

which "typified what 
women have to put 
up with in society. 
We must swallow our humilia-
tion." 

From there, Simonton went on 
to beauty pageants and modeling. 
At age 18, she appeared on the 
cover of Seventeen, and it was 
around this time that Simonton 
was gang-raped at knife-point on 
her way to a modeling interview. 

Although the experience was 
extremely traumatizing, she con-
tinued modeling, appearing on the 
cover of Sports Illustrated. How-
ever, Simonton said she had very 
low self-esteem and was suicidal. 

Since then, Simonton has be-
come a self-described radical femi-
nist, who tours the country, chal-
lenging stereotypical ideas held 
about beauty, violence and the ef-
fects of advertising. 

Through her slide presentation, 
Simonton illustrated the way in 
which advertisers present their au-
diences with very specitic notions 
of what it means to be beautiful. 

According to Simonton, adver-
tisers seek a passive, receptive 
audience, She said that she hopes 

havior in children 
-Ann SImonton and adults," said 

Former Model Simonton, add-
ing that many ad-

vertisers have subtly incorporated 
the notions of sex and violence 
into their campaigns. 

"In order to maintain the status 
quo, you must teach men to be vio-
lent, and you must also teach women 
that it is sexy to be victims and that 
they &serve to be hurt," Simonton 
said. 

Simonton said she is not against 
all modeling, but added that those 
who choose that field should be 
fully aware of what they're doing 
to themselves as well as to soci-
ety. They should realize that they 
are perpetuating the existing sys-
tems of exploitation and violence 
against women, she said. 

Simonton concluded by saying 
that one of her most important 
goals is to reach a point where 
"women are judged by what 
they've done in society, rather than 
what they look like." 

The presentation was (oJlowed 
by a "Take Back the Night" march 
in which women walked to the 
various campus residence halls to 
rally support (or women's rights. 

The UCSD GUardiaD Thunday. March 3.1994 

ETCETERA. • • 
IT'S A~fl)Lli COLO ()Jr, sur 
I Sv~ 1. COIJ\.I) 9I>NOLE 
UI', IT ~S 'fI.1~~ 1\\cWI\ 
~r Sl lll, 1'0 LI \<E 'R) GO 
SL£\)\)I~G , 111£N ~"'I\.\ , 
~k'iB£ 1'0 \Uo.n£Q. srM I~ , 
00 \\IE OTI\£.Q. \Wo\O", 

. " 

1\\£ ~£. 1~{)£CI'5IIJE 
I At#" ~ FASTER 
T\l1!G<; GET \)ECI~O 

'O~I' : 
o _ o . 

. 
o 

. . 

- -

I UK£ >OlLOW\~ 1\\£ t\1O't\S! 
t-l£.'fIS C~I ZATlot6 KlPW 1 ~1 
SIT STILL toR "'ti'f ~R\CIJS l)\')(I)S';\tt.I 
Of CO!-'tP\.£.)( Mil> ~\~ I%\JES , 

TI1t'f G\~ ME 'fI~"T 1 ~\-, »ITICS, 
£~Io.l C~T"TIOt-I , ~ \3\~ 
SCA~OPll, 50S S1tlIa~ »10 fQ\' \)lMHr1 
Po~5 ~ P"C.\(1oGE1) PIS " ~M) 

M~ C~I4£~iPl~ 
~\)£Q. "'H"< 'T\l£ 
PIl911C IS C.~\.\\C~l 

~t fQlIT\C<; , 

iO'J ~ itlL 
11-\IS I':> ~I'\ 
\~,\l£m sIN( , 
1!t.<.~\l'5~ ITS GOT 
/.k PlQ.TICl£. 1'\~T 
10 Tll£ CWo.R' , r---- -fi'.=-- v---,--1 ~ ~\l ~£ lIKE ! lIS ~EIti £K1£R1).I~ \ \.\G , 

1 ~w PI SIGN 
00 !>. R£ST"\lAAt-.lT 
tmR Tll~T SM\) , 
"~ ~\RT , t-tO ':iI\\A'.S, 

~ SER'lICE : 

BRIEFLY ••• 
11 _ 

UCSD Launches Glaucoma Study 
The National Eye Institute has launched the first 

multl-eenter, kIf1t-term study to determine whether 
glaucoma can be prevented or delayed in people with 
ocular hypertension through early use of prescription 
eyedrops which haVe proven effective In the safe 
treatment of glaucoma. 

The Shiley Eye Center at UCSO is one of 21 clinical 
centers in the study and is currently seeki,. volun-
teers. 

"People with ocular hypertension - a higher-than-
normal pressure within the eye - may not even know 
they have a potential problem," said Robert N. 
Weinreb, director of the Ocular Hypertension Study at 
UCSD. 

"But this common condition In people over the 
age of 40 Is believed to be one of the leading risk 
factors for glaucoma - one of the most common 
causes of blindness In the United States." added 
Weinreb, who Is also a professor and vice chairman 
of the Department of Ophthalmology at UCSO's 
Shiley Eye Center. 

Nearly eight percent of Americans over age 40 
experience eye pressure, and approximately three 
million Americans suffer from glaucoma_ People with 
diabetes and high blood pressure are at higher risk for 
ocular hypertension and glaucoma. The disease also 
runs In families and is more common among people of 
African ancestry. 

According to Weinreb, clear fluid bathes the Inside 
of the eye and normally drains out of the eye as more 

Is produced. If drainage slows or Is blocked, excess 
fluid causes elevated pressure Inside the eye. Glau-
coma occurs when excess fluid damages the optic 
nerve at the back of the eye, which carries visual 
Information from the eye to the brain. 

"Published studies are almost equally divided be-
tween those that find earty use of preScription eyedrops 
to be effective In preventing or delay!,. glaucoma In 
ocular hypersensetlves and those that do not," said 
Weinreb, noting that prior studies suffered from such 
limitation as small sample size and relatively short-
term follow-up. 

"Althougll there are no scientifically grounded 
gult1ellnes to follow In deciding on treatment for these 
patients, some 1.5 million people with ocular hyper-
tension are being treated with costly medications 
that carry the potential for serious side effects," he 
said. 

Over the next two years, 1,500 people with ocular 
hypertension, Including 400 or more African Ameri-
cans, will be enrolled In the study and followed for at 
least five years. 

Patients will be randomized to close observation 
only or to medical treatment with prescription eyedrops 
which have lore term In safely used for the treatment 
of glaucoma. No experimental drugs will be used. 

"If a patient develops 8lrJ eye problem, doctors In 
the study are likely to spot It right fJWay," Weinreb said. 
"Arty patient whO shows even the earliest signs of 
developing glaucoma will be treated promptly." 

ERRATA 
In "GSA Presents Autonomy Bid to Administration" (Feb. 28), the GlUlrdiDn incorrectly referred to 

a 1972 precedent-setting case at UC Riverside. The decision in that case recognized students as a legal 
entity. The GlUlrdUin regrets the error. 

RlNlIIIUCIUImI, Gtapltlca Editor 
MIIUIL IUClCINMOa, 0es4PI Editor 
ILUII CA.IIO, ANocIa""'" Editor 

DAVID ClIO, Photo Editor 
IRIAN .. HUTTO. Spotts Editor 
"'ILl' ..ctIULI, ,..",. Editor 

AItON .uR, AssociMe Sports Editor 
IIFf NIUIL, Hletus Editor 

.lONNA PAUlD, Assoclete News Editor 
YAUY ZOLOTOREY, Assocl.e Photo Editor 

.... IT"" WIItTIn: Ben 1Io\dIuk, Keren CIIeIW. ~ DIIVrtn. lien 
FNuncI. Jenny GeIenC. a. JoIIMon. Den ~, Mn PMnIn. OM! an.. 
Care UcIeII, ClI..a Wrenn 
IT""WIIITIIII: Elln AnderIOn. o.IIr8~, _ DeIwenIMI. GIM ......... £cIItOrIII : 134 lillO, IIueIneH omc.: S34-34ee, f .. : &34-1881 

ERIC ICII.-DT, Editor In Cht.f 
JAIONo IIITCIII, Product/OII "..., 

DOUI MIX'NDIIt. OpInIon Editor 
.... 1 ........... ClJfIY Editor 

, 

John GocIfNy. Den H8ttla, o.nIeI H-. ........... IIIIIr ~=' £III JoIInIon. Den Kr8fI. CIndIOe McfWI8NI. ~ .......... MInI • ~ Nicoli . J-" ,...... ~. AIIu --. II1IIY .. , 
s.".,... sw-.. Den ,...... 1NIIeII. MIW WIIIII 
ILUllTltATOIII: MIcM CIoft ........ 1ItIn. ..... 1Cuo. DamIIIIO LaIIIIII. AI ~ 

UC8D .......... 100 G ........ DrIve 0318, 
La Jolla, CA .2013-0318 
~.-: s-Id PIoot, ucso "'*"' c:-~ .,.. 

Thunda, . March 5.1994 The UCSD Guardian 

Calvert DeForrest Faces Life 
Mter Larry: 'Bud' Mehnan 
TOUR: Late night 1V 
star visits UCSD as part 
of CBS promotion 
By PhIlIp MIc ...... 
News Editor 

John Mosseau, who handles 
promotions for CBS, has a few 
words of advice for anyone inter-
viewing Calvert DeForrest, the 
diminutive character actor who has 
developed a cult following as 
David Letterman's comic foil. 

"Don't ask him his age," said 
Mosseau, explaining that every re-
porter who has interviewed 
DeForrest during this latest CBS 
College Tour promotion has asked 
the question, much to the actor's 
chagrin. 

So when DeForrest made an 
appearance at UCSD on Tuesday 
afternoon, the dreaded question 
went unasked. Who, after all, 
would be foolish enough to tempt 
the wrath of a man noted for his 
appearances on "The Late Show 
With David Letterman" , and as-
sorted commercials? 

It would be hard to imagine 
DeForrest as anything but the jo-
vial actor who signed autographs 
and posed for photographs with 
UCSD students at Revelle Plaza on 
Tuesday. DeForrest has reason to 
be happy - his appearances on 
Lettennan 'stop-rated "Late Show" 
are identified by many to be some 
o( the show's funniest moments. 

"It ' s the best move that could 
ever have happened," DeForrest 
said of Letterman's much publi-
cized move from NBC to CBS this 
summer. 

DeForrest may be better known 
by his stage name - Larry "Bud" 
Melman - which he used back in 

UPTE: UCSD 
employees criticize 
state of university 
Continued from ,... 1 
announce the filing for election with 
the Public Relations Board. 

According to UPTE/CW A sec-
tion9119(SanDiegoCounty)Presj-
dent Jelger Kalmijn, UPTE mem-
bers are currently in San Francisco 
delivering the signatures of about 
1,500 of the 3,500 employees. 

"We think this is extremely 
important, as of right now, given 
the budget crisis here at UCSD 
and at the whole University of 
California. It's especially critical 
that we have some kind of official 
means to represent ourselves," 
Kalmijn said. 

In effect, winning a union elec-
tion would allow UPTE to negoti-
ate with regent board members and 
bargain for a contract that would 
recognize the finer points of griev-
ance procedures and negotiate wage 
cuts, layoffs and health benefits. 

According to Kalmijn, without 
such representation, the univer-
sity will continue to esploit its 
employees. 

"At this point, the regents can 
basically do whatever they want 
to our personnel policies - they 
can Ily us off whenever they want, 
they can cut our wapa, our health 
benefits, and we have no lepl 
recourse becauae we Ire com-
pletely uncqanized. So it's criti-
cal that we orpnize ourselves into 
I union," he aaid. 

the days when Letterman's show 
was on NBC. However, when 
Leiterman switched networks, 
NBC claimed the name "Larry 
'Bud ' Melman" as its intellectual 
property, and DeForrest was forced 
to relinquish the na~e. 

Nevertheless, people still call 
DeForrest by his stage name. "I 
don't think you can sue everyone 
for it," he said. 

"I like my real name," DeForrest 
added. "It's nice to get it back again. 
But I enjoyed being Larry." 

DeForrest has been with 
Letterman since the latter's lare-
night debut in 1982. When two of 
Letterman's writers showed him a 
film they had made as students ,at 
NYU which featured DeForrest, 
I.:.etterman hired the character ac-
tor instantly. 

Since then, Melman has been a 
mainstay on the late-night program, 
doing memorable comedy bits like 
his rendition of Elvis Presley 's 
"Hunk-a Hunk-a BumingLove" and 
his infamous goodwiU tour, in which 
DeForrest attempted to drive from 
New York City to Tierra Del Fuego 
in South America. 

"I went as far as Guatemala," 
DeForrest said. " It was supposed 
to be a goodwill tour, but after you 

According to Kalmijn, mis-
gu ided budget priorities of the state 
of California and the Board of 
Regents have resulted in a 3.5 per-
cent pay cut for employees and a 
three-year delay of merit increases 
and cost of living adjustments. 
Even if the employees are initially 
promised wage increases and ben-
efits, the gains are still subject to 
the constant fluctuation of the 
governor's budget. 

"Now [they say) we're going to 
get it, but then [these factors are] 
also dependent on the governor's 
budget, which includes getting 
millions of dollars in federal aid 
which we will probably not get. So 
I wouldn't be surprised if once 
again, while they promised us a 
merit increase. they go back on 
their wqrd, just like they did last 
year," Kalmijn said. 

Kalmijn added that the morale 
of the university as a whole is suf-
fering, and consequently, the em-
ployees receive the hard end of it. 

"We understand [that] the pay 
cuts and the layoffs [are] not onJy 
a reaction to fisal constraint and 
economic hardship but an actual 
altered vision - that the regents 
are trying to change the master 
plan for education, .. he said 

In addition, Kalmijn said that the 
applicant acceptance rate has now 
dropped from 125 percent to only 
the top 10percent ofCalifomia high 
acboolaeniors. This proportionally 
aft'ecIa 0Iic:an0s, African Ameri-
cana and OChers who are already 
ubde .. epeaentedoolbe UCSDCIIIl-
pus, he IBid. 

leave the Winnebago and have to 
change to a car and you're travel-
ing through all these small Mexi-
can towns, and then from there, 
you get to Guatemala, they tell 
you [that] you can't use the car, 
you have to go by bus .... It seemed 
like it took forever to get to Guate-
mala City." 

The tour ended after one of 
television's stranger moments, 
when a feverish DeForrest 
pleaded with Letterman over the 
phone to be allowed to come 
home. "He said, 'Don ' tbeababy, 
Larry, .. ' De Forrest said. 

But DeForrest said he has no 
regrets about any of his appear-
ances on Letterman's two shows 
and that he has never refused to do 
a sketch with which the writers 
have come up With. " I never veto 
anything. David says do it, that' s 
it," DeForrest said. 

His success on late night has 
propelled DeForrest into other 
ventures. He plays a nasty acting 
coach in the movie Mr. Write, 
which debuts in May and co-stars 
Paul Reiser and Martin Mull. 

DeForrest also wrote a book, 
Calverl DeF orresl's CheapAdvice, 
which will hit bookstores this (all. 
DeForrest declined to talk about 
the book's content. "It 's cheap, but 
not (ree. I don 't give away secrets," 
he said, punctuating the sentence 
with his trademark laugh. 

DeForrest has no explanation 
for his popularity with viewers. 
"Maybe it 's because they feel I' m 
a friend, an uncle, or I don't know, 
however you want to put it. Some-
one they can trust and confide in," 
DeForrest said, 1 

-S.nlor Staff WrHer Ben 
Boychuk contributed to this 

report 

"The regents are turning the 
UC into an elite education only for 
those people who have incredible 
amounts of money to pay for it. 
Many of us who work here will not 
be able to send our kids here for 
financial reasons, as the fees at 
UC have gone up over 200 percent 
in the last four years." 

Since San Diego is not consid-
ered a bastion of union ism, 
Kalmijn added that union recruit-
ment is often difficult. But current 
union breakthroughs, such as 
Telcommunications Administra-
tive Analyst Michael Goh 's in-
progress grievance concerning dis-
crimination, are giving many 
people second thoughts. "Previ-
ously, people here at the univer-
sity thought of themselves as pro-
fessionals, not as part 0([ the ] work-
ing [class]. But a lot of these 
changes are certainly bringing that 
home in a kind of harsh way to 
many people here," he said. 

Union organizer Daniel Martin 
said that the employees who don't 
have a union only have the right to 
go through the internal grievance 
procedures of the university, which 
does not necessarily mean their 
conditions will improve. "There is 
no real fair process available to 
employees right now and that's 
the reason why we want to win the 
union contract," Mlrtin said . 

Acx:ording to Kalmijn, the elec-
tion will be through a secret ballot 
mailed to III eliaible members of 
UPTE in the technical unit. Since 
SO percent of the employees are 

See IPTE, PICe 9 

NEWS 3 

. . JO!I( 0111" 

Cut 
Club 

"."~~ 
and you can earn a FREE HAIRCUT and product discounts . 
r. -----------------I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Nllrellt 
-..... Condrtloner $995 

l ... ".'-=:, -=--=..-..." I 

I =I~rlnl $1 395 FREE SHAMPOO : 
I G Frail with a haircut I 

~---------------------Offw good IhnI 3117184 

we c.are hair 
COSTA VERDE CElTER 8750 Genesee 587-Con 

OPEl 7 DAYS • We accept checks l1li • 
'---____ ALWAyS A GREAT HAIR DAyT .. =--_=;;.....;= .... 

GETON!~~ 
fo~ a great 
price on 

Natuntl Light 
12-paOO 

2/$8.99 ~~":& 

22 oz_ bottle 
$1.99 + lu leRV 

....... _ ... .0 of Saint Germain 
3251 Holiday Court (across from El Torito) 

455-1414 
open: sunday-thursday 6am to midnight; lriday & saturday Sam to 2am 

Costa o/erde fJJentis 
:$3900 

EXAM, 
"". CLEANING a 

/' 1 X -RAYS (bitewing) 
ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 

BrIng this ad with you to your appointment 
.. We're open evenings and weekends! 
.. Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 
.. Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private officel 
.. Special introductory offer-$l50 teeth whitening (per arch) 

& .. 24 Hour Emergency Available! 
.. Plenty offree parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
& AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
w. occept mOlt lnIurance pIonI ond majOr crec:It cards 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdItortaI 80MJ 

ERIC SCH'-OT, EdItor In ChIef 
SHANNON ILEDSOE, Copf EdItor 

PHlUP MICHAEl, News EdItor 
DOUG ALEXANDER, OpInIon Editor 

TIle UCSD~" ~ twice. _ ..... ~ oIC81Hom1a. s.n DIato. c-
.1_. ___ ....... __ IIIa~_of ............ -.- ....... 

~ _ ollila UC ao.d 01 fIaIenIa .... ASUCSO. - 1M - ~-. 

Clinton Welfare Plan Is 
Discriminatory 

Bill Ointon has gotten away with what Dan Quayle never could. 
While Quayle was verbally stoned for his attacks on Murphy Brown's 
"glamorization of single motherhood," President Ointon h. been able 
to point the finger at unwed mothers in a way that's more palatable to 
the American public. 

As part of his effort to fulfill his campaign promise to "change 
welfare as we know it," President ainton recently released some key 
details of his proposed welfare reform package. The thrust of the plan, 
of course, is to get' em off the dole, into the job market and out of the 
vicious cycle of poverty. And not surprisingly, one of the primary 
groups targeted for refonn is single mothers - in particular, teenage 
single mothers. 

At the heartofOinton'swelfare reform package is thetwo-year "up-
and-out" plan, which would cut off welfare benefits to those recipients 
born after 1970 at the end of a two year period. However, it would also 
provide job training and temporary government employment (prima-
rily at minimum wage). Under the plan, recipients born before 1970will 
be eligible to remain on welfare as long as necessary. 

Money is one reason why young recipients are singled out. Because 
preliminary estimates for the job-training program were extremely high 
(as much as $14.5 billion per year), the Ointon administration decided 
that, instead of fighting for a comprehensive job-training proposal 
which could benefit all welfare recipients, it will simply target young 
people born after 1970. 

This two-year plan was flawed from the outset. While it sounds good 
in theory (the time limit would provide a nice "incentive" to push people 
into the job market and the training program would pick up the slack), 
many people will fall through the cracks. There are a number of reasons 
for this: the general inefficiency of government programs, the de-
pressed job market (there are more people than jobs) and the difficulty 
of finding entry-level jobs which pay a livable wage (the government 
jobs are of this kind). While a job-training program 'would be highly 
beneficial, making this service contingent on a tw~year welfare limit 
is unreasonable and unnecessarily punitive. 

More fundamentally , by forcing the young off welfare after two 
years and not giving older recipients the benefit of job training, the 
proposal discriminates on the basis of age. The message sent to older 
recipients is clear: they are less useful to society. In essence,"You can ' t 
teach an old dog new tricks." 

The most problematic aspect of the proposal are the guidelines 
which it sets for young, unwed mothers. To be eligible for welfare 
benefits under the Clinton plan, teenage mothers and mothers-to-be 
must live at home with their parents. Accordingto the administration, 
by keeping young mothers at home - and under the guidance of their 
parents - they are less likely to perpetuate the cycle of poverty and 
welfare dependency. While the logic itself .is questionable, the real 
problem is how it will affect these mothers. Quite simply, it puts many 
women in a double bind. What ~appens to young mothers whose 
parents are abusive? Or runaway and homeless teens? It's highly 
unreasonable to cut these women from the roles - especially since 
they're the ones who are most likely to need financial assistance. 

The Clinton administration should kill the two-year plan and begin 
pursuing the implementation of job training and day care for all women 
- young and old. If we really want to "change welfare as we know it, " 
welfare should be based on the goal of helping people escape poverty 
by providing the necessary stepping stones (e.g. education, training and 
services) and·nolby threatening to take these stones away. 

, -

Thumbs Up to the 
GSA .•• 

... for taking real steps toward autonomy. For years, UCSD student 
governments have talked about gaining autonomy from the administra-
tion, but nobody has · ever really foJlowed through. The Graduate 
Student Association (GSA), with the helpofGSA Autonomy Represen-
tative Patrick Carroll-Burke, has drafted a concrete proposal which 
would give the organization freedom from administrative oversighl 

This freedom is warranted for a number of reasons. The GSA is not 
made up of children. Graduate students can make their own decisions 
and are among the most educated of the American public. They don't 
need parental guidance. Further, interest in student government on 
campus is pathetically low. If student representatives were actually 
given an iota of actual power, more students might get involved in the 
process. Hopefully, the administration and GSA will reach an agree-
ment by the end of the year. 

The tJCSD Gurdiul Tluanday,lIarch 3, 19M 

'. 

PINION 

A GREEN LIGHT TO BIGOTRY 
COMMENTARY: Despite his well-known hate-mongering, Rev. Louis 
Farrakhan is being invited to a national summit of African-American leaders 
By Rob levinson 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Imagine if you will: The senior spokesman for the 
Jewish DefCftSe L.eague(n>L)makesaspeecbata univer-
sity in which he says, among other ~ that blacks are 
sucking the blood of the Jewish community, that Jesse 
Jackson is a' fat-lipped, watennelon- and fried chicken-
eating imposter who controls the White House, that Arab 
women and children should be killed as well as the 
handicapped and homosexuals. The head of the 101.., 
responding to pressure from Jewish leaders and politi-
cians, stands by "the truths that he spoke," 
but condemns the "manner in which 
those truths were represented." Shortly 
thereafter, Ihe Anti-Defamation League 
ofB'nai B'rith (ADL) announces that it 
will hosl a national summit of Jewish 
leaders and will include the leader of the 
JDL 

Sound ridiculous? Of course it does. 

and a German in his own country would almost have to go 
to a Jew to get money. The Jews had undermined the very 
fabric of the society." 

Lest he leaw anyone out, Muhammed included Catho-
lies in his diatribe: "Go to the Vatican in Rome when the 
old no-good pope, you know, that cracker - somebody 
need to raise that dress up and see what's really under 
there." He referred to Alan Greenspan, the chainnan of the 
Federal Reserve as "the hook-nosed, bagel-eatin' lox-
eatin' imposter" who "owns the Federal Reserve" and 
"control[s] that seat [in the White House] that they sit in 

from behind the scenes." 

The ADL has a long history of fighting 
alJ forms of bigotry and racism in the 
United States and around the world and 
would never embrace anyone espousing 
hatred. However, another organization, 
with an equally distinguished record in 
combatting prejudice, is doing just that 
by inviting Louis Farrakban to its na-
tional summit. I'm speaking of the Na-
tional Association for the Advancement 
of Colored People (NAACP). 

If you think tbis an exaggeration, 
consider the speech delivered by Khalid 
Abdul Muhammed, an official spokes-
man for Farrakban's Nation of Islam 
(NO!) at Keane College. Speakingabout 
whites in South Africa, Mubarnmedsaid, 
"We give the white man 24 hours to get 
out of town by sundown. Ifhe don't get 
out before sundown we kill everything 
that ain't right in sight in South Africa." 

The speech was replete with this sort 
of hate-mongering, and it's no suprise 
thatJesse Jackson, Benjamin Chavis and 
a host of other African-American leaders 
condemned the speech and demanded 
that Farrakhan renounce Muhammed. 
Responding to this pressure, Farrakhan 
removed Muhammed from his post and 
generously said, "While I stand by the 
truths that he spoke, I must condemn ... 
the manner in which those truths were 
represented." Some were satisfied, but 
many, understandably, were not. Just 
what did Farrakhan mean by the "truths 
that he spoke?" That all the whites in 
South Africa should be killed? That the 
Jews were really to blame for the Holo-
caust? Sadly, I think Famkhan truly 
believes most of what Mohammed said 
- and his record proves it. 

Farrakhan has ca1Ied Judaism a "gut-
ter religion." He told the Oticago Sun-
Times that "Wben I talk to the Jews, I am 
talking to the segment that holds my 
people in its grip." He went on:"1 happen 
to believe that everything I have said 
[abo..'!!,Jews) is the truth." 

His Nation of Islam sells the infa-

The Nation of 
.sI.m sells the 
Infamous 
Protocol. of the 
EIdeN of Zion, • 
19th-century 
.nt .... mltlc 
tome which 
supposedl, 
details the 
Jewish plot to 
take over the 
wOrld. . 

mous Protocols if rM Eidns if Zion, a 
19th~ntury anti-semitic tome which suppoaedly details 
the Jewish plot to take over the world. The NOI abo sells 
another masterpiece, '1M Secret Rekltiotuhip Iktwmt 
B/Qch aNlJews, VoIwne I, which claims that 7S percent 
of all sa.ves were owned by Jews-a fact unsupported by 
even a shred c#. historK:al evidence. 

Given the years of oppression of blaclcs in South Africa, 
perhaps such anger and hatred is understandable. But 
Mubammed didn't stop there. He continued by saying. 
"'We kill the women. We kill thr. children. We kill the 
babies. "Then he went after the handieapped. "'We kill the 
blind. We kill the cripple[d). We kill 'em an." Next, 
homosexuals. "We kill the faggot, we kill the lesbian." 

Later in thespcedJ the"'Reverend"Muhammedblamed 
the Jews for the Holocaust. " ... What did they [the Jews) 
dolo Hitler? They went in there to Germany the way they 
doevcrywhere they go, and they auppIaDted, they u.uped, 

Acoording to Alisa Solomon, writing in 1M V-dla~ 
Voice, the NOI chups that Jewish support, financial and 
otherwise, taints Martin Luther King Jr., the NAACP and 
other Afric:an-American orpnizaticwB. They sbouId aU 

See MATI, Plitt 6 

• 

Tbunda" March S; 19M The UCSD Cuardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY: The American obsession with thinness is not only unreasonable, but dangerous 

THE HIGH COSTS OF 'BEAUTY' 
By Heether Huo ........ 
Contrlbutlrw Opinion WrIter 

Here's the scenario. You and a 
bunch of friends go out for dinner. 
When it comes time to order, all of the 
males order mega-meals that could 
feed Somalia for three days while all 
of the females order salads with low-
fat dressing. When the food arrives,. 
the guys immediately dig in and don't 
look up until the plate is clean. The 
females, on the other ~ nibble 
daintily. Some finish their salads and 
hungrily eye the men's food while 
feigning that they "couldn't possibly 
eat another bite." The others push 
around their salad hoping that no one 
notices thatthey 've only had two bites. 

A familiar scene for you? It cer-
tainly is for me. Every night at Ocean 
View Terrace, I encounter this di-
chotomy in the eating habits of males 
and females. It's very subtle - you 
may not even notice it unless you look 
-and that's what makes it so danger-
ous. 

America ha a problem that it isn't 
talking about. It's called obsession 
with thinness. 10 a 1985 survey of 
American women, 90 percent of re-
spondeotssaidthey weighed too mucb. 
Whilethisobsessionprimarilyamids 
women, its repen::ussions affect every 
one of us. 

Without knowing it, society is pay-
ing a huge price for its obsession with 
thiness.1o her book 1M BetJIIIy Myth, 
Naomi Wolf desaibes its effects: 
lbere is a disease spreading. It taps 
on the shoulder of America's first-
born .... its best and brightest. At its 

touch, they tumaway from food. Their 
bones swell out from the receding 
flesh. Shadows invade their faces. ... 
They grow thin and still more thin. 
They can hardly speak aloud. They 
lose their libido, and can no longer 
make the effort tojoke or argue. When 
they run or swim, they look appalling; 
buttocks collapsed, tailbones protrud-
ing. ... There is no medical reason .... 
They wallt slowly, with the effort of 
old men. A whitespitt1efonmon their 
lips. They can swallow only pellets of 
bread, and a little thin milk. First tens, 
then hundreds, then thousands, are 
stricken. Many are hospitalized, many 
die." 

What Wolf is describing is an eat-
ing disorder, which strikes one out of 
len young American women. Most 
women with eating disorders suffer 
from anorexia-nervosa or bulernia. 
An anorexic does not eat, sometimes 
for days. A bulemic "binges and 
purges" - overeats and then throws 
up the food. Many people with eating 
disorders have a combination of these 
problems. 

The term "eating disorder" is a 
medical one, and many sufferers are 
cordoned off in society because they 
are somehow seen as "wierdos." As 
one recovering bulemic put it, 
'" Anorexia and bulemia are 
pathologized. As in, when you throw 
up this many times a day you are at 
this level in the disorder. However, 
that is not what the disorder is about. " 

Women don't get eating disor-
ders, they develop them. because of 
societal pressures. Currently, there is 

n.tenn ...... . 
disorder" .. . 
medc:aI one and 
.....,....".,.. .. 
cordoned off'ln 
society bee ... they 
.. somehow ..... 
_ "wIerdos." As one 
recov .......... mIc 
put It, "Anorexia ... 
bulemle .. 
IMtiNIaCb'ecL As In, 
....... youtlnwup 
this many times • 
clay you .. at this 
.. vel .. the disorder. 
However, that Is not 
-what ............. 
about." Women 
.WIIop u ... .. 
dIaorders bee ... of 
socIet8II pre .. ..... 

a debate raging as to whether some 
people have a propensity for eating 
disorders. However, the disease itself 
is part of a larger issue - America's 
obsession with thinness. 

From the day women are born they 
are told that thin is beautiful. Women 
are valued simply because of lhe way 
they look. Even if a woman has a 
wonderful personality, if she is 70 
pounds overweight she will have 
trouble finding a partner. Even if a 
woman has excellent qualifications, 
she won't be hired for a job if she is 
"fat." Because of this, most women 
feel tremendous pressure to be thin 
and adhere to the "norm" of society. 

Women are taught that, in order to 
to be sua:essful and have power over 
their own lives, they must "control" 
their weight. One UCSD junior, who 
wishes to remain anonymous, said, "I 
developed bulemia in junior high, at a 
time when I had a lot of problems in 
my life. When I didn't have control 
over my own life, having an eating 
disorder gave me that control. I threw 
up my breakfast as a way of having 
control over myself and my own ac-
tions." 

This pressure to be thin fo)lows 
women everywhere. On TV, only the 
thin women are happy. In advertise-
ments, only thin women are models or 
the successful people in our society. 
We see that Oprah Winfrey, even 
though she had already attained much 
sua:ess in her life, fe It she needed to 
be thin to be happy. We see how 
Roseanne Barr and Delta Burke, two 
outstanding actresses and comedians, 

are publicly ridiculed for their size. 
On the other hand, there 's Norm 

from the television show "OJeers." 
His tremendous girth is encouraged 
both on and off the set. Don't get me 
wrong - men, too, have socielal pres-
sures to look a certain way. However, 
it does nol affect their very liveli-
hoods. For women, it has been driven 
home thaI if they aren'l Ihin, lhey 
aren't anything. It's a pressure that 
follows them everywhere - from the 
time lhey wake up to the time they go 
to sleep, every day of lheir lives. 

The need that women feel to be 
thin isn'l a natural one. As we all 
know, people come in all shapes and 
sizes - short and tall, big and small. 
To be thin, mOSI women muSI physi-
cally change their bodies to fit the 
standard. Women react to this pres-
sure ina numberofways. Some watch 
what they eat, others starve them-
selves. 

Many may say, "We hear that there 
is this pressure to be thin, but the fact 
ofthe matter is that thin is beautiful." 
Yes, being fit and healthy is very 
important and helps some look beau-
tiful, but that's very different then 
being thin. How much are you willing 
to pay for it? With the lives of 150,CXX> 
bulemic and anorexic women a year? 
That's how many women die every 
year because they aren't "thin 
enough." 

Although eating disorders take a 
more severe toll on women's bodies 
and minds than dieting, the two (dis-
orders and dieting) have the same 

See THIN, Page 6 

Elected Positions Include: 
President 
VP Administrative 
VPFinance 
VP External Affairs 
College Senators--

Commissioners: 
Communications 
Operations/Services & Enterprises 
Programming 
Student Advocacy 

Sophomore, Junior, Senior Academic Affairs 
File for Office Beginning Monday, March 7 
Last Day to File for Office Monday, March 28 
Call Anna at S34~4451 for More Information 



6 OPINION 

HATE: Bigotry 
must be fought in 
all fonns 
ContInued from.... 4 
be dismissed as pawns of the Jew. 
This, of course, conveniently ignores 
the Jews who died during the civil 
rights struggles of the '60s. If all this 
is true and Farrakhan is unapologetic, 
why is the NAACP inviting him to a 
national summit? 

Many would point to the NOI's 
reportedly successful programs to 
combat crime and drug abuse in the 
innercitiesaswell as its gospel of self-
reliance as justification for including 
Rev. Farrakhan. This smells of the 

THIN: Eating 
problems are common 
among women 
Continued from peee 5 
root - both are an outcome of the 
extreme pressure to be thin . What 
women will do to be thin is stagger-
IOg. lnNeverToo Thin,EvaSzekeley 
uses her patients as an illustratioll. 
One patient says, "Your diet gets 
more restrictive. No fats. No dress-
ings. You rinse your low-fat cottage 
cheese. Then you tum vegetarian .... 
When you binge - and you do, 
sometimes inhaling bags of M&Ms 
- you exercise twice as long the 
next day to bum off the calories .... 
And you are sick. And you know it. 
But you can 't stop ." 

• 

~ genre IS "Mussolini made the 
trains run on time," "Hider built the 
Autobahn" and other such inanities. 
Unfortunattly, I thiak the NAACP is 
respondingtosomethingmuchdeeper, 
stronger, imidiousand, therefore, dan-
gerous. 

According to a recent TUlle/CNN 
poll, African Americans named 
Farrakhan the second most important 
black leader in America today, though 
thankfully with only nine percent to 
Jesse Jackson's 34 percent. However, 
the same poll found that 48 percent of 
African Americans had a "generally 
favorable impression" of Famkhan, 
40 percent personally admired him, 
67 percent found him .an "effective 
leader" and 63 percent agreed with 

UCSD senior Mari Cllemow, a 
recovering anorexic and peer counse-
lor working with others that have eat-
ing disorders, tells a similar story. "I 
was very scared of becoming fat. ... I 
would eat nothing for days .. . and then 
maybe a piece of fruit or a glass of 
milk. But most days I would just eat 
nothing." Chernow eventually spent 
six weeks in the hospital for her disor-
der. At the time, she was 5'1" and 
weighed 70 pounds. "When they first 
put me in and made me eat I was 
pissed... they started me off at 400 
calories a day. That was way too 
much. "To put this number in perspec-
tive, at Treblinka, during the Holo-
caust, Jews were given 900 calories a 
day, the scientifically determined mini-
mum necessary tosustain human func-
tioning. 

The UCSD C .. rdian 

the statemeDl, "He spcab the tnatb." 
This cleary indicales that Farrakhan's 
messaae resonates wilb quite a few 
people within the African-American 
community. 

Rather than act II a birometer, 
reflexively responding to the latest 
poll daIa, the NAACP should provide 
leadership in the face of this haired. 
Benjamin 0Iavis, the leader of the 
NAACP, shouJd say, "Rev. Farrakban, 
unless you apologize to those you 
have offended, unless you stop your 
hatcfulspeeches. unless you de~ 
all forms of bigotry, unless you dis-
continue the distribution of anti-
semitic literature, unless you end the 
advocacy of violence, we, the black 
leaders of America, will not only re-

Eating disorders are commonly 
thought to be a "white woman's" dis-
ease. However, the pursuitofthinness 
crosses all barriers. All Americans, 
regardless of race, religion or socio-
economic status, are affected by these 
standards in one way or another. For 
some women of color, the dynamics 
oftheobsession with thinness are a bit 
different. For example, in some cul-
tures large women are not only ac-
cepted, but venerated. This directl):. 
contradicts the American notion of 
beauty. Because of this, women of 
cOlor are caught in a double bind. 
Many health clinics do not have coun-
selors adequately trained in dealing 
with the specifics of eating disorders 
- much less counselors trained to put 
eating disorders within the context of 
one's cultural background. 

~ you, we will OItIKia you. 
We will exclude you and we will do 
everytbiDa in our power to see that 
you and tboac who foUow you are 
margjDIIizecI from theAfrican-Ameri-
can community. The ideas you have 
espoused are IDIIbema to us. Bipry 
and racism in any form are the com-
mon enemy of all who strugle for 
justice, and we will not countenance 
it. 00 the other band, if you docblllge 
your ways we will emlnce you and 
stand by you IS we suugIe together 
for our common goals." 

The NAACP must provide direc-
tion and guidance away from this false 
prophet, drawing aline between itself 
and Famkhan and presenting those 
whosympatbize wilb him with a simple 

The resistance to discuss the 0b-
session with thinnessexislS in all parts 
of American culture. We have not yet 
come to terms with our obsession 
with thinness. Some see discussing 
eating disorders as "airing the dirty 
laundry" and saanding in the way of 
other more "important" issues of 
equality. 

Although most of us frequently 
come into contact with it, as a com-
munitywestill don't talk about it. We 
don't mention it when we see our 
friends devour a plale of french fries 
and then disappear into the bathroom. 
We pretend we don't hear when our 
95-pound friends remark how "fat" 
lheyate. 

These women I have described are 
by no means "abnormal." Sixty per-
cent of American women have seri-

Thanday, March 3,1994 

cboice: Either you're with us against 
bigoIry or you're with him. for it. 

The NAACP could take a lesson 
from a young African American 
named Todd who stood up at Keane 
College mel said to Muhammed after 
his speec:b, ... understand what you're 
saying. but half a QCDtury ago 1OIllC-
one SIOOd up and did die same thing 
that you did and it IOIt of resulted in 
the killing of six million lives." De-
spile the jeers from IOIllC ofhis fellow 
students and insuIlSfrom Muhammed, 
he. refused to be silent. Todd showed 
·courage worthy of the JIeIllegacy of 
. tho&e whostruaJedagainst injustices 
in the '60s. The question remains: 
Will the NAACP show the same kind 
of courage? 

ous eating troubles. Yet as a society, 
we have not put our foot down and 
said, "Enough! We have sacrificed 
enough." 

While itrnay be unrealistic to hope 
for a day when people are valued 
more for what is on the inside than 
what is on the outside, we can relieve 
some of the pressure. For men, next 
time you make a comment about a 
woman's weight, think about what 
you are saying and what you really 
want. Would you rather she have to 
worry about that extra five pounds or 
spendhertimeandenergydoingsomc-
thing constructive? For women, think 
about why we want to be thin. Do we 
do it because we want to or because 
we feel that we should? And for all of 
us - how much are we willing to 
sacrifice? 

Opinionated? httelligent? Articulate? 
The Guardian Is currently looldng for eolDJDDlsts and opinion writers. 

For more information, please call the Guardian at 534-6580. 

~ Master Mechanics 
===VW. AUDI • CHRYSLER=== 

619 450-9494 81 

• Work ".~ 
Outdoors ~ cz. 

• Dmlop fi! 00 ~ Leadership .. , 
Skills ~-

.. 

~ ............................... ~ 

: The Catholic Community at UCSD 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

invites you to a 

Coffee House 
BRING THIS AD TO RECEIVE A 2()CYo DISCOUNT 

• Help Children Grow 
• Make New Friends .. 

.: - an evening of comedy, music, and variety -

c 

ON SERVICE a REPAIR OF AUDI'S a CHRYSlER'S Pasadena arta Day Camp seeks Srrong, Positive, Out-going Role 
Model. to work as group counselors 
with ~-1" year old, and u instructon 
for swimming, and outdoor activities. 
Competitive oaIaries and loti of fun. 

.. 
Must present coupon 
and voNd ucso 10 
of time of estimate. 
Not valid with mo,ot ""g"'8 
or transmission reooirJ. 
5820 Autoport Mall 
San DIego, CA 92121-251" 
Located in the AUTOPORT MAll 

CorD VaDI ealU 
1&50 Cenaee (am. from tTrC) 

418-1111 

Rebuilt Engine. 
arak ... Valves 

Air Conditioning 
Aif • Wat., Cooled 

Clutches • Electrical 
MaIntenance 5efvIc: .. Come visit us at the 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

Saturday Night - March 5 - at 7:30 pm 
UCSD International Center. 

Tune-Upa • ~. DIesel UCSD SUMMER JOB FAIR 
Apri17th 

.. 

.. Free Food and coffees from around the world 

.. , 

.. Will be served. 
or CaD (818)79HlS6_---I ~ .... -.......................... ~ 

WOOD-FIRED 
CALIFORNIA 
P I Z Z A 

SPECIALTY PIZZAS, 
PASTAS & SALADS 

Open 7days 

r-------------- , 
: DINNER lor TWO : 
: $1199 : 
I "'111 1 I I I ........ dIoIoo .. _ ................ __ ..... I 

r--------------------------, It : 
.... dWIIII I 
·af IWtDlgoCcIriY I 

UNITED WAY/CHAD I 
It J,.,~ Mit ~ JNt fir.1I I{III, 

Students Who Care Can Help 
PI-.. oompIeIIe Md eMp ..... coupon 

YoIuntIIer bec:aI_ you c.reI C11488-Z121 n yow 1IIIenII n .......... willie 
matched wIIh • San Diego non-proIIt organIaIIon. 
DonIItIoM may be IMde by compIeIktg thIa torm and nICumk'II wIIh your checkI 
money order, payIbIt 10 Uniled Way. 

~ -~----------~~-----------------­
~-----------------------­
~~~------------------------------

...................... n;1 .............. . 
·IW __ .... • ~1I1 ....... _ ... ,... ..... • 

1_ .............. 1II1IIl .. ---_________ L __________________ ....-....~ L ______________ ~~~ ______ ~ 

Thundar, March 3,1994 

PI 
3t ~ 
BET A 

The UCSD Guardian 

PHI 

2 DAYS ONLY 
Tues.-Wed. March 8th & 9th 

Men's 
STRUCTURE 

JEANS 

SWEATERS 

SHIRTS 

9 am-6 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 

COTTON SWEATERS SHORTS 

SWEATERS 

CATALOG LINGERIE 

. JEANS 

SHIRTS 

EXPRESS 

Women's 

••• Ched....,.... 

FAMOUS 
BRAND 
NAMES 

SPRING TOPS 
& SHORTS 

7 

'. 

• 



Thunday, March 3,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

The A.natomyof the Gtibaitk 
Oassic card: a body of services and peace of 
mind for students, now with No Annual Fee. Foryears.scientistscouldonly 
theorize about the Citibank Classic Visa- card, unable to actually observe anything below its epidermal surface 

(i.e. the plastic). Surely the highly intelligent services were evidence of an advanced brain. But with the latest 

advances in x-ray technology. and when the right could catch the various parts just so, it was confirmed: the 
Citibank Classic Visa card is head to toe more evolved than 

ever imagined. ~ At its backbone are 3 services to cover the 

purcha~ you make on the carel. Starting at the Lower Costal 

Spine. we sec Citibank Price Protection can assure you of 

the best price. All you have to do is discover the same item 

advertised in print for less, within 60 days, and Citibank will 
."" ;" III i ,', ,It"".i:,' ,11l1I Ii/(' mind "( ,I,,, Ci,ihllni.: <1"<,,i(' "illl refund the difference up to $150

'
. Along the OQ'P's-ll-Slipped ('l"d"u,,,,h('r ("'i" . A) ;\ \('{ ' lIr(' ' ;('( 'UlI,\(' ;1 r('C '('; ,'l',\ \II/,<',;or 

"" rI'i"t': ,It" "'lIId "l'IlIt' ///"'-( 'jfi lllJ/lh O",lsit' " i,1I1 (,llrti"'t'",ht'f 
(/"i):. II) i" 1/111 ," " IIrt' 1~''U/I,\('-''' l/Ild if I ... :'-illlll ' """1'1'11' 1(/(/,,,/ ' Disc. Buyers Security- can cover those purchases against 

accidental damage. fire or theft, for 90 days from the date of purehase
'
; and Citibank Lifetime Warranty- allows 

one to el(tend the warranty for the expected service life of eligible products up to 12 years!. So if you ever buy a 

walkman. a stereo. whatever. it will be reassuring to know that Citibank can bend and be flexible while still lending 

support. ~ The backbone is then connected to the cranium or headbone. Look at the bottom of the page. The 

Citlbank Photocard has the head of the cardholder. as well as his or her own signature, right on the front. That 

way. it will help prevent fraud. It will also make a good form of I D. since you get to choose your own photo. '11 But 

what about the Nervous System? The fact is. it doesn't have one. not in the spinal cord nor in the brain. What it has 

is the Very Calm System. Because even if your credit card gets stolen. or gets lost. an involuntary muscle called 

the t.:rlendu.\' Anel1'cardell,\' activates the Lost Wallete Service which can replace your card usUally within 

24 hours. ~ As suspected. there's another involuntary muscle: the heart -a beating and caring heart, big enough 

to give students special discounts and savings. You'lI receive a $20 Airfare Discount on domestic flights~ 
savings on mail order purchases .. sports equipRlCnt. magazines and music: a ~ow 'Variable mterest· rate oH5.4%#; ' 
and. No Annual Fee. (In other words, the card itself doesn't cost a forelimb and a hindlimb.) ~ Naturally the 
heart of the Citibank Visa card pumps life and personalized customer service into all its parts, 24 hours a 

day. So no matter what the question you might have concerning your card . you need only call the 

800 number. You'lI find Citibank has a neck they are eager to stick out for you. They will always lend 

an ear. Or a hand, They will keep an eye out for you . They will put their best foot forward. Etc. ~ So call 
to apply. You don't need a job or a cosigner. 
And call if you'd like your photo added to your 

regular Citibank Classic Visa card. The number 

is 1-800-Cl 'nBANK (1- 800-248 - 4 2 26) . 

extension 19. ~ If we take an overview of the 

whol e bod y of se rvi ces that make up the 

Citibank Classic Visa card . and considcrthat it will 

facilitate building a credit history. then you must 

shake a leg. Ilex your index tlnger and call today. 

- """ 
",128 0812 ,..1It 
--- ...... 

ttatlJll" • ' 
"'s , " " « , 

Not jost Visa. Citibank Visa. 
( \ .'f talll \·tllh.h ltt'l1\o ,lilt.! \' \ dU\hll1\ J rpl ~ I ~\"I "'L' l\'I~'r ltl ~ I~r Su nl nl.U \ ,,,. ·'Jd tlltlna l l'R~rJrn Inli,...m:.llilin. Ru ~,'~ S\'\-Un1 ~ I~ untkr"riltl' n ~ T~ Zurich In1ernadoRai U K 
I 10111,'0 ( ·~· rI .1I 11 r,',lrll,:II\,r" Jnd 111\11t.1111,"' .J llJ)I\ l ' nlll'r\\Ol ll' n ~ th" '\:l~ HJml"'hl~ I n ' urJn...'~ <" I lmran~ , S,' r\ 1\' ,' hl'\' " \J)\"'Ut""'~ \ :.ar,~~ ~ prodUl1 and 1$ ac ital1lM 
",, " ,mUm /"ta"'d ,tn r~t.Jl l lf1t.1U\l n t.I JI .I . I ~1.1I1",f l" " ,·rJp.' ..If\.' J\J llahk I" >1'lUr Su mmJr> Ill' " J,lll nUl.J1 Prt1tW.J m Inhlf m<llllm. '()tI(.·rl' \pIA.'S nt,\(~"''', Minimum 1K'kct purchllK 
l')fln' ,\ SIOO Rd "."ln ;m' Ittr ('1 11 h:..1 nL. \ !U,k'llI l';Jnhnl' mho..·1'\ lIn lId..l' t~ 1'!'>l k.' J tl> lSI to- lItthl\ " nl\ .' I hl' '"nuJII'l'I\·\.'nt~" Kat,' (-\PR I kH' ""n:h ... ,... ~ IS I ~"" as of' l / 4M and ma) 

\ Jr~ ~uJr t..' rh I h,' ·\I' R "w-" .. IoI, .I"h .tn"',',,, 111"" •. 11'01 linJn"'l' d l.J f)b.: " II11JllN.'d . lhl' mllllmUnl 1\ ~I "·l.' nl ~ . 1 h,'!\.' j\ :a n atitJluu" a l'in:anl'C ,'h:&rJl.' ''wc;k'h,,'OIsh :Id\.arK'ttnllM.lCtton 
,,'~ua l h' ~'" '~ ' Ih,,' ..1"11",," , ", "'J"'h , '..I,ll ..Ilh..lI .. .',,' IrJn...a.:II, Hl : ~Mc','r, \I "' III ntll hL' k" than i ~ .tI() nf 1=-r,' (lII' f Ih,m i HU KI. Munani1' '1Ull~ an- puNlShI.-d t". Monilrch 

l:tr,'~\ . ..I ,h \ I\l,m .i' S, nh'" ,~ SdlU\ Il'r . • 1 PJ r.lIlluunl ('lImmum" ~II"" " ('omran~ , l l~J h~ fl\.' rnll!ro.\!tm , tt' puhh-.hl'r, ' lIoN" ('d iNn" JS.Nlh Da,",,~~ ". ~ , Mcm~ FDIC', 

Monardl Notes- Version: With )OUI' 

purc:hases covered, no annual fee, and 

a low rat,e, the Citibank Classic Visa 

card will 80 easy on )OUI' Nervous 

System. Call 1-800-CITIBANK 

(1-800-248-4226), extension 19. 

... 

8 

'" 

Thunday.llareh 3,1994 The UCSD CuardiaD 

Generation X Author Visits UCSD 
ay ........ NIcoII 
St"ff Writer 

To some, author Douglas 
Coupland is the voice of his gen-
eration, but the author of the 
twentysomething classic, GenerQ-
lion X, may deny it. Nevertheless, 
many of Coupland's fans describe 
bim as a "modem Beatnik." To 
writer and Coupland fan Terry 
Hertzler, Coupland is a modem-
day version of Jack Kerouac or 
Kurt Vonnegut. 

"Every generation goes 
through the same thing - a pe-
riod of trying to figure out why 
things are the way they are," said 
Hertzler, adding that he believes 
Coupland is an author who effec-
tively addresses that question for 
today's younger generation. 

On Tuesday, Coupland ap-
peared at the UCSD bookstore to 
sign copies of his latest offering, 
LifeAfterGod, a collection ofshon 
stories about the big questions in 
life. In idditioD, the author read 
three of his sbon stories to an 
enthusiastic group of approxi-
mately SO students and commu-
nity members. 

Students brought copies of 
Coupland's GeMratiort X, Tile 
Slulmpoo PUJMt and Life After 
God for the author to sign. All 
three boob addresa issues relat-
ing to a younger generation, a rea-
son that some students gave for 
their interest in Coupland's books. 

"He writes how people speak. 
It isn't stiff," said Marshall Col-
lege junior Andrea Aumann, add-
ing; "He's someone youth can 

identify with." 
"It is a biological necessity that 

we have stories told to us," 
Coupland said, before he read some 
of his work to the audience. The 
first piece was I never-before-re-
leased story about a diverse group 
of islanders and their personal 
6att1es. 

Coupland's second story was 
based on the 1974 abduction of 
Patty Hearst, while hls third was 
littered with references to pop cul-
ture figures like Daffy Duct, Bugs 

SUMMER SESSIONS '94 

Bunny aDd Marsha Brady. 
Coupland described his third read-
ing as "for anyone who has ever 
broken up with anyone else. " ' 

Coupland was born on a Cana-
diaD NATO base in Beden-
Solliogen, Germany, but grew up 
in Vancouver, Canada, where he 
now lives. While in art school, he 
often wondered if he was "throw-
ingaway his life," becauie he never 
went to college. However, he said 
he has no regrets about his accom-
plishments. 

UNIVERSIT~:;~ 

,",una 20 - July 29 
MAIN SESSION 

A Note from 
UCSB Summer Sessions: 

Summer Sessions at UCSB offers an enriching academic 
and cultural experience. It is an ideal setting for making new 
friends and taking challenging and intriguing courses. The 
classes are smaller, and the campus less aowdec::L 

Students fees have been kept down again this summer. 
Total fees for the following loads are: 4 units - $314, 8 units -
$530, 12 units - $746. The application fee is separate. We are 
offering over 300 undergraduate and graduate level courses in 
all disciplines. 

June 20 - August 26 (8, 9 " 10 week courses) 
Mathem~tics 108 A-8 (Intro. to Linear Algebra) 

• Completion of all rourses in the following areas constitutes 
the first full ymr of study: 

Chemistry - Organic Chemistry SA-s.c 
Foreign UnguaS-

Chinese 1,2,3 
French 1,2,3 
German 1,2,3 

Italian 1,2,3 
Russianl,2,3 
Spanish lSS,2SS,3SS 

NEWS 9 

A.S.: Council 
still looking for task 
force representative 

representation, are real issues that 
need to be addressed. However, 
I think the way the proposal is set 
up, it would actually further 
alienate the underrepresented 

Continued from ..... 1 groups on campus," she said. 
on Feb. 14. The task force hopes Kamin, also expressed con-
to give recommendations for cern with the coalition 's pro-
implementation of the proposal posa\. "I think the general con-
to Cbancellor Richard Atkinson sensus is people want a center, 
by May 2, but there are a lot of reservations 

The 13-member task force, about the actual proposal. I'm 
chaired by History Professor willing to work with [the] A.S. 
David Guti~rrez, consists offour and the task force to modify the 
members of the Cross-Cultural proposal," said Kamin, who re-
Center Coalition, one represen- mains undecided as to whether 
tative from the A.S., two from he will again run for the task 
the Staff Association, three from force representative position. 
the administration, two from the Guevara, however, defended 
Academic Senate and one from the proposal. "U 's very easy to 
the Graduate Student Associa- critique a proposal when you 
tion. don't really know the issues. 

Warren College senior Pon- They could know the proposal 
choGuevara,arepresentativefor inside and out, but unless they 
the coalition, said, "The coali- can really understand the goals, 
tion would like to see anyone put it doesn't matter," Guevara said. 
on the task force to have [had] The coalition will answerques-
significant experience working tions and address the concerns of 
on issues relating to students and staff in a forum to-
underrepresented minorities so night at 7 p.m. in SoHs Hall, room 
that we don't have to spend time..,.- 104. "We want it to be a UCSD 
educating them." town meeting where we can talk 

Tesak said that she supports to people with questions," 
the center, but has problems with Guevara said. "People say they 
the proposal. "I think that the have concerns, so we want them 
issuesthattheproposaladdresscs, to know the issues. We want to 
including the need for minority get some energy generated." 

UPTE: 
ContInued 110m .... 3 
expected to vote in the public 
sector, he is optimistic aboutelec-
tion resuJts. 

are finding that people are react-
ing very positively. The real chal-
lenge for us will not be winning 
theelection-we'l1 handiJywin it 
- but the bard pan is bargaining 
the contract, because the univer-
sity is very tough," KaImijn said. "From our phone surveys, we 

We have 11 
convenient locations. 

Call today for your 
next appointment. 

211-1111 

A friend? ... 
v . ? lOur sIster .... 
A co-worker? ... 

Whoever told you about 
Planned Parenthood knew that 
you'd receive the best possible 
health care ... anywhere. 
Whether you need birth con-
trol, pregnancy testing, abor-
tion services, male or female 
sterilization, pre-natal care, 
annual exams, testing for STDs 
and J-ll", or other information 
concerning your health, know 
that Planned Parenthood offers 
quality service in a comfortable 
and caring environment. 

february 
14th-18th 
We care about 
your health 
..• spread the word. 

PIIIII-
PlI'IIIIIIIIII 
If ... 11 ... C •• ty 



10 NEWS The UCSD Guardiaa Thurecia)" March 3, 1994 

FDA: MedCenter 
record keeping below 
federal standards 

ations will also be allowed. 
UCSD has offered patients ac-

cess to FDA-sponsored experi-
mentallrials since 1970, support-
ing thousands of studies for prom-
ising new diagnostic and thera-
peutic drugs and devices. 

by the drug being tested on the 
patient, the FDA determined that 
the report of the death to the Hu-
man Subjects Committee was de-
layed, that the committee did not 
follow proper procedures in re-
porting the death to the FDA and 
that the documentation of informed 
consent was missing. 

In addition, the FDA reported 
deficiencies in written documen-
tation for operation of the Human 
Subjects Committee, and for ap-
pointment ofmemben to the com-
mittee. 

FDA, " Franz added. 
"We are working aggressively 

to respond to the questions raised 
by the FDA," said Medical 
School Dean John Alksne ' in a 
statement released on Monday. 
"The welfare of the individuals 
who participate in experimental 
trials at UCSD is our highest 
concern. and we will take what-
ever actions necessary to ensure 
that our administrative activities 
are in full compliance with FDA 
regulations. " 

continued from pace 1 
ies involving experimental drugs 
or biological products and devices, 
according to Leslie Franz. UCSD's 
director of health science commu-

Following a routine audit, the 
FDA placed the temporary restric-
tions on UCSD 's testing. Past au-
dits, which are conducted at any 
institution where tests on humans 
take place, have never revealed 
any problems at UCSD. 

The 12-member Human Sub-
jects Committee meets monthly to 
review. approve and monitor any 
research that involves human vol-
unteers. and it takes appropriate 
action if there are any changes or 
problems in the study. The c:>m-
mittee is also responsible for en-
suring that researchers are follow-
ing the federal regulations which 
protect the rights of human sub-
jects. 

"The general finding was that 
there were instances of incomplete 
record-keeping," Franz said. 

In its report, the FDA called 
for strengthening the procedures 
for reviewing and evaluating 
progress reports from ongoing 
studies. According to Franz. the 
university is now reviewing ways 
to correct the deficiencies cited 
by the FDA. 

nications. 
"No new applications will be 

approved pending the lifting of 
the restrictions. But other than that, 
the regular studies will continue." 
Franz said. 

However, in the most recent 
audit, the FDA noted several prob-
lems relating to one case involv-
ing the death of a study participant 

The FDA will drop its restric-
tions following its approval of 
UCSD's plan of correction. "We 
hope it ·s in a very timely fashion. 
We hope it's in a week or two ... 
but there's really no predicting." 
Franz said. 

in 1992. . 

Clinical testing with volunteers 
already in place will be unaffected 
by the FDA's restrictions. Emer-
gency use of experimental drugs 
and devices in life-threatening situ-

Although UCSD records indi-
ca ted that the death was not caused 

"[The university 1 will do what-
ever it takes to make sure that the 
Human Subjects Committee is 
meeting the guidelines of the 

Looking for a new way to avoid the 
heavy traffic on Route 101 between 
Santa Barbara, Ventura County and 
Los Angeles? There are now three. 

Try one of our three daily 
round trips linking Santa 

Barbara, Ventura County, and 
the San Fernando Valley with 
Los Angeles, and Orange and 

NEW! Train to the Plane 

3 Trains Serving the Valley San Diego Counties. 

The San Diegans are also one of 
the most relaxing ways to catch a 
flight leaving Burbank Airport. Our 
newly reopened station is right 

To make it easier to get 
around Southern CaliforCiia 
in the wake of last month 's 
Northridge earthquake, 

3 Ways South 3 Ways North 
774 710 786 774 710 786 

within sight of the main air 
terminal, an easy 7 minute 
walk from most of the 
check-in counters. Da ily Daily Daily SatlSvnIHol D Ily D ily ru~O 
ml"..~rtle r , . 

Caltrans has underwritten 7:45a 
new Amtrak San Diegan 8:21a 
service through the San 8:35a 8:56a Fernando Valley. 9:11 a 

9:26a To L.A. or Through L.A. ~l:38a 
W e now offer three daily § ;~~~ 

San Diegan round trips that 10:2Sa 
run through Los Angeles. W:~6: 
And each train has reliable 11 :30a 
bus connections on the north 11 :40a 

d . S . 12'04p e~ serving anta Mana, . 12;35p 
Pismo Beach , and San LUIS 12:S3p 
Obispo. 1:40p 

1:45p 5:45p Lv Santa Barbara At 12:15p 4:35p 10:40p 
2:21p 6:21p Lv Ventura Lv 11 :28a 3:47p 9:53p 
2:35p 6:35p Lv Oxnard Lv 11 : 14a 3:33p 9:39p 
2:58p 7:02p Lv Moorpark Lv 10:54a 3:13p 9:19p 
3:16p 7:20p Lv Simi \.e/ley Lv 10:40a 2:55p 9:05p 
3:31p 7:36p Lv Chatsworth Lv 10:27a 2:42p 8:52p 
3:43p 7:48p Lv Van Nuys Lv 10:14a 2:31p 8:39p 
3:50p 7:57p Lv Burbank Alrpt.Lv 10:07a 2:24p 8:31p 
4:00p 8:08p Lv Glendale Lv 9:57a 2:1Sp 8:22p 
4:25p 8:35p Ar Los Angeles Lv 9:40a 2:00p 8:05p 
4:45p 9:00p Lv Los Angeles At 9:18a 1:47p 7:45p 
5:2Op 9:17p Lv Fullerton Lv 8:34a 1:03p 6:58p 
5:3Op 9:38p Lv Anaheim Lv 8:24a 12:53p 6:49p 
5:4Op 9:47p Lv Santa Ana Lv 8: 1 4a 12:43p 6:40p 
6:07p 10:18p Lv S.J Capistrano Lv 7:47a 12:17p 6:17p 
6:39p 10:52p Lv Oceanside Lv 7: 15a 11 :44a 5:44p 
6:57p 11:10p Lv Del Mar Lv 6:55a 11 :25a 5:25p 
7:43p 11:55p At San Diego Lv 6:20a 10:50a 4:50p 

The new train has midday 
departures in each direction, 
so most travel is in daylight 
hours. Heading south on new 
train 780, you can cruise 
effortlessly past the worst 
rush hour traffic Los Angeles 
has to offer. 

Morning Midday Evening 

2 for 1 Coupon Deal 
W ith the 2 for 1 coupon 

below, you can bring a 
friend along free daily 

Get Out of Town 
The coupons are valid on 

California's network of San 
Diegan, San Joaquin, and 
Capitol trains and buses 
serving 130 of California's 
best destinations daily. Try 
Napa, San Francisco, Eureka, 
Yosemite, Sacramento, 
Redding, or South Lake 
Tahoe . 

See California Our Way 
Forget the stress of sharing 

lanes with big trucks and 
tailgaters on car phones. 

On Amtrak you have the 
freedom to take in the view, 
wander down to the cafe 
car for a snack, or catch up 
on your reading . Amtrak 
gives you quality time in a 
friendly, low stress setting . 
Bring Along the 
Whole Family 

Each full fare adult can 
except Fridays, Sundays, and 
February 21 . The coupons can be 
used on one way trips or round trip 
excursions until March 30. Here are 
some ideas on where to use them . 

3 new ways to get there 
without the hassle of driving. 

bring one child (ages 2-15) 
as the free companion using the 
coupon, and one additional child at 
regular Amtrak children 's discounts. 

For more information, call your local travel agent or Amtrak® at 1-800-USA-RAIL 

r: -------------------~-------~ 2 f l ' ThiS coupon IS valid for one aduh passen<)er and one 8 Orxe travel hds bequn. chdnges to the date are sabre ZlJIPIF IX or SV5lem One 30SlAm1f1X I O r adultor child companion traveling together permitted subjeCt to the COnditionS 01 the lare plan used 0/ worldspan.PARS nAM1F1XC or 3 Request I 2 ThiS coupon IS valid for one free ticket With the 9 Any refundl fO/ unused servICes Will be cakulated on a Rate Desk PrICIn<} In the "RDPR ' entry enlef' I purchdse of one adult fare when traveling together on baSiS of ful fare chdrges for transportatIOn used "Y329 Caitrans Free Companion CoupOn " I the Capitol. san Ole<jans or Sdn Joaquin tralnl or 10. This coupon is not valid for paym..,1 of fam on . . Connecting bus. wholly Within Calrfornl" or Nevada board trains. for llCkets·by·mall. prepaid orders. or at Travel Agenl TKkltl"ll Procedures I 3. ThiS coupon IS valid for trilllel through March 30. 1994 seij'\erVlce tickellng miKhlnes. 1. ~Iue an aUlomated ticket. (If necessary 10 IIIue 
I 4 ThiS coupon IS not va~d fridays. Sundays. nor February 11 This coupon il transferrable. ~ hd~ltten tICket. ~ It With fares order 21. 1994 12 This offer IS subjC<1 to any reslr lClions and blackouts Y329 and lhe Phr~se Caltrans free I 5 Otlglnal coupon must be presented No photocople\ lhdt apply to the type of fare purchased and IIpon whICh Companion Coupon ) 
I Will be accepted. Coupon must be lurrendered to Amtrak the coupon tICkets are b.Jsed. 2. Oblarn coupon from the passenger. and 00,11 0/ Travel Agent . f~1 out lhe Amtrak resefVaUon number. first (ijy of I 6. This coupon IS not vahd on trains 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 11 . ::"1:" A~~~R~~~C and T~;:9ng traYe!. stamp the coupon "used ' and Itaple ~ to 
I 14. 21 . 22. 35. or 36 ThIS coupon IS not valrd for free ~~2~'.P~ 10 oupon or your audrlO/ coupon (no photocopies accepted) I travel With palsengerS traveling on the follOWing Amtrak-dlS(oun15 AD75. lIM21 . UM90. dISabled. gcMrnment. Travel Agent IlMervation Procedures 1 Create a 
I .. Job CorPS. ~tary. USA Ra il Passes. Groups. or With reservatlOO for all space Includln<} unresef\led segments I Note: Coupon not valid Fndays. othef fares orders or other coupon promotlOllS (dentlCallllnerary for both) 2 Agent pflce PNfI using ' F' Sundays. nor February 21. 1994 7 Thrs coupon IS not valid In COflJunctlOll With Great fO/ adull fare and "X' for free companlOO To p!lCt one Y3"9 
L Amenca Vacation packages adult & one companlOll. Apollo • :lOSIAlTSlF1X .&. I 
------------ ---------------

UCSD GUARDIAN ARTI a INTIRTAINMENT MAR C H 3, 1 9 9 4 

IN THE 

nEWS 
ROC K 

• Singer-songwriter Sam 
Philips will release Martinis 
and Bikinis. her first album 
since 1991 's Cruel Inventions, 
on Tuesday. Produced by T-
Bone Burnett, the 13-song al-

· bum features appearances by 
guitarists Peter Buck, Marc 
Ribot and David Mansfield. 
Benmont Tench and Van Dyke 
Parks also play on the album. 
Phillips will tour to support 
Martinis and Bilcinis. 

• Steve Winwood and Jim 
Capaldi have decided 10 reform 
the band Traffic. Its album 
Far From Home is due out May 
3 and a world tour is planned 
for the early summer. Recorded 
in a farmhouse in southern Ire-
land, Far From Home attempts 
to recall the band's original rock 
and R&B sound. 

LOCAL 

• ao.d Aid, a benefit to 
help teens with AIDS. will take 
place on Tuesday at Snow Sum-
mit. In addition to a 
snowboarding contest, MTV 
will conduct its "Top-20 Video 
Countdown" from the site, and 
celebrities such as House of 
Pain's Danny Boy, Ugly Kid 
Joe vocalist Whitfield Crane 
and rapper Schooly D. will ap-
pear. A signed Metallica tour 
jacket, signed Nine Inch Nails 
lithographs and gold records 
by Primus, Lenny Kravitz, 
Anthrax and Ministry will be 
raffled. Lucy's Fur Coat, Blood 
of Abraham, Overwhelming 
Colorfast, f1uf, Battery Club 
and 311 will also perform live 
on Sunday at the Palladium in 
Hollywood IS part of Board 
Aid. Info: 722-7777. 

TICKErs 
• Tickets go on sale Friday at 
3 p.m. for ................ 
which will perform at SDSU's 
Backdoor on April IS. Info: 
278-TlXS. 

• Tickets are on sale now for 
the return of "-t ...... 
who will perform at the Sports 
Arena on Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. 
Info: 278-TlXS. 

• TICkets are on sale now for 
...... which plaYlon March 
2A at SDSU'I Montezuma Hall. 
Info: 278-nxs. 

w 
> 
(j) 
(j) 
« 

~ 
Melissa Ferrick is not just another girl with a guitar 
Singer-guitarist Melissa Ferrick first received ac-

claim after putting on a stirring opening performance 
for Morrissey three years ago. Last year she released 
Massive Blur on Atlantic Records and toured with a 
variety of musicians. inc1uding Paul Westerberg, 
Marc Cohn and the Violent Femmes. Late last year, 
Ferrick released a five-song compact disc featuring a 
song called "Juliana Hatfield," which humorously 
analyzes the way female guitarists are marketed by 
major record labels. Ferrick compares the relatively 
low-key release of her album with the hoopla that 
surrounded Hatfield's release. During a recent phone 

B J J ' E F F. N I ESE L . 

interview, Ferrick talked about Massive Blur and the 
experience of attending school at the Berklee School 
of Music in Boston. She will perfonn at Disc Cafe 
(456-1951) in downtown La Jolla tonight at 8:30 p.m. 
0 ....... : You've opened for • wide ...... 
of m ............ How do audiences PII-
• .., respond? 

Ferrick: It's the strangest thing. You walk gn stage 
with an acoustic guitar and, being a girl. people 
automatically think you're Tracy Chapman. With the 
Westerberg crowd. I was playing to all these kids 

See .IILUR, page H2 

Hiatus Editor 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardia. Thunda,., March 3, 19M 

BLUR: Singer cites the 
Bangles as an early influence 
Continued from .... H1 
dressed in black. Then I start playing, and 
they go "Oh my God. She 's not a quiet, little 
singing folk girl." With Marc Cohn, you get 
a yuppie audience, and they think "She's so 
loud." I haven ' t had too much trouble. I also 
change my set list depending on whom I'm 
opening for. I always have a good time 
wondering if they will clap at the end of the 
first song. 
It sounds Ik. you're ......... your 
heart out on .very sonl. Do 1Iv. 
perfonnanc:es become .motlonally 
and physlcdy tolna? 

They do, but I'm still young. I can't sing 
any other way. I live to get onstage. Some-
thing else takes over when I get onstage.It's 
like "here we go. Hold on to your seats. I 
don't know if I'm going to be in tune or not, 
but I certainly am going to be there." I kind 
of surrender all when I sing. I think people 
appreciate it more if you ' re there emotion-
ally inside your songs than how technically 
good you are. 
You went to the Berklee School of 
Music for a couple of y ..... DId you 
learn an)'thlnl that helped your ca-
reer? 

I bought my guitar right before I went 
there. I locked myself in my dorm room and 
wrote songs. I taught myself how to sing and 
play guitar. I didn't really go to class that 
much. The only class I went to was a lyric 
writing class. I had no idea what I would do 
with a degree in songwriting. Berldee is a 
great purgatory. A lot of people go there for 
a little while, and they get out and either get 
something going, or they don't. It's a great 
place because you're surrounded by musi-
cians the whole time. There's some excel-
lent teachers and musicians. But there's also 
2,000 long-haired, electric guitar players 
who buy Steve Vai's book and learn the 
solos. You deal with that and the people who 
want to be the Chili Peppers. It's a weird 
place. 
DId you knOw J ..... HMfteId when 
.... w .. there? 

Yes. We went to school together. She 
was with the Blake Babies. Evan [Dando] of 
the Lemonheads was also in town then. It 
was 1988. It was a weird time. 
Sonp auch .. ......,." Sonc" .... 
"The M ....... of Love" ......... 
......tIc ...... Do you think you 
come across .. a bit ...ave on the 
"'m? 

"Happy Song" was written for the record 
label because they didn't want to sign me 

because my songs were too depressing. I 
didn't have any happy songs. It's a com-
pletely sarcastic song. I don't think I come 
across as naive. I have a difficult time writ-
ing happy things. I think a lot of people do. 
"The Meaning of Love" is about validating 
one-night stands. It's not about really about 
having some long-lasting, committed rela-
tionship. I put this obvious chord change 
underneath it and got a Bangle [Vicki 
Peterson) to sing on it. The Bangles are so 
cool. They are so old now, they're cool. You 
have to love bands like the Go-Go's and 
Bananarama. I get thrown back into my 
sophomore year of high school. 
Sonp auch ...... onest Eyes" ... 
........ Blur" ...... to be -..t 
tryIna to ..... relationships work. 
.... you .xperIenced some tryInl 
relationships? 

Yeah. I think what goes beyond the obvi-
ous fact that I've been through a lot of 
difficult relationships is the fact that I've 
been through a lot of difficult relationships 
quickly. I think the deeper meaning behind 
it, from talking about this record so much, is 
the difficulty I have in the relationship with 
myself and loving myself. Although it sounds 
really' trivial, it's not. That whole puberty 
thing just really screwed up my head. I 
didn't know what was going on. My body 

wu all weirding out, and I had braces and 
glasses. My sister was beautiful and went 
out with the most gorgeous guy. The record 
hu a lot to do with that because now I'm 
growing up and becoming a woman. Being 
23 is a very weird age. You're still young, 
but you're not really a woman. People will 
still call you a girl. Trying to find someone 
to go out with who can deal with my sched-
ule is a whole other thing. 
Wh.t ..... ~ of the title 
""--lre IIIut't 

I know what I was thinking about when I 
wrote that song, but I don't understand ev-
erything about it. I picked Massive Blur as 
the album title because I was really happy 
with the track, and it was the song I was most 
unaware of at the time. The Morrissey tour 
seems like yesterday, and it was three years 
ago. The song clearly states how I feel about 
what has been going on in my life for the past 
three years. It has all been very blurry. It's a 
difficult song. There could be something in 
it from childhood. I always envied others 
who seemed really aware of who they were. 
A lot of people take "Massive Blur" very 
differently. Some women take it as their 
token lesbian thing and that's cool too. I can 
see that in it as well. It will be interesting to 
see how it reveals itself in my life. Ask me in 
three or four years, and we'll see. 

lromM7V 
Del Comedll Jam 

" Showti",. 
at tM Rpollo 

plus special guests 
ALEX THOMAS • KAREEM MATT~WS 

• • ~ 

" > 

" < 

. . : 

\'1' \ IW \ \11 :'<IE\\ 

I·I .E ,\S E 11111'1'; t:. \ ,~~.: 11 . ' 111111 . ' 1111 
TIll-: S .\ \ II ... :,; ... '1'''" 11 ,\ ." •• 

\11 1: 1. \SS (U ,\'I'.\I~EIIS 11'1 TilE 
liE \ ( 11. \11 ,\1.' :1111111 .. 

1111111 fal'l' '1''' '''I II)' \1'1'\ .\ '" "UI II S \ 'l 1'11-:':" 
I: \1\ ..... 1: 11\11' .\ 'lIES. I.' , '''I "" .'l·T 11 .\\ I'; I : \1\1 .1'.. 
I :,\U. 'III II 1.," :. \1. 1:.\lII .E , :,,~U'.\ 'I" .,.'" 1'1 .1 I: 1,\ . 

,University Ennts 

March 10 
Thursday • 8pm 
UCSD Mandeville Aud . 
G.A. $11.50 • Students $ 7.50 

\. UCSD Box Office ~£; ... 
534-646 7 ~~.!!,_TT..':" 

co-sponsor.d with Innovative Entr.pr.neurs 

Summer Japanese Study 
Intensive 6-wk JIIOPIII at I..Na. &: 
aut College in PatIInd, OR July 18-
Aug 28. Earn 12 quaner hrs. Study 
lang. (all levels) &: culrure wilb Japa-
DelCIhldcnIS on Ibcme -NIlUIc &: !be 
Eaviroomenl.·11uee-4lay wilde~ 
propam i.eluded. Prior laaguage 
SIUdy MOI RqUiJecI. 
ar...,./hpuS-_ ......... 
222 SW Columbia, Suile 1750 
PortIaad, OR 97201 
Tel. (503) 223-7938 Fa (SOl) 223-7946 

ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT 
IIWDN HausE 

aUFFET\tl' 
~ Sliad 8Ir • Kung Pao Chld!en 
• Chow Mlin • Ballad Fish 
• Broccoli Beet . Taco Bar 
· 5 ..... & Sour Pm . Spagl\lIIi 
· Egg Rolli ..... _I 

LUNCH BurrET J99 

Duaa HausE 
PIcIfIc ... 2662 Garnet 

I ....... 111-5 • 272-8788 
--------

: 1 B,DIa OFF: 
1 ........... 1 

' 1 ................... 1 
L ... .. ________ .1 I' 

Thunday, March 3, 1994 

THI ~ WEEK 

AND 
with his viola students in Erickson 
Hall at 8 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-5404. 

t 0 day The Muffs, Swaty Nlpplea 
and Claw H ..... mer play altema-

The nw.1fIMIr"""shows tiverockat8:30p.m. attheCasbah. 
at 6, 9 and 11:30 p.m. in the Price Tickets are $8. Info: 232-4355. 
Center Theatre. Tickets are $1 in 
advance. Info: 534-6467. sat u r d a J 
M ..... ' ...... wipperformat 
Disc Cafe in La Jolla at 8 p.m. CeIn Romero's guitar students 
Tickets are $3. Info: 456-1951. will give a recital in Erickson Hall 

T. Coraghessan Boyle, Jesus 
Papoleto Melendez and Walter 
Mosley will perform as the MArt· 
lata on the Cuttlq Ed&e" 
series concludes at the Museum of 
Contemporary An in downtown 
La Jolla at 7:30 p.m. Tickets for 
students are $10. Info: 454-3541. 

Poets Frances P.,... Adler 
and Michael D8v1dMnwill read 
at the Porter Randall Gallery in 
downtown La Jolla at 7 p.m. Info: 
551-8884. 

Stev ... Schlcle will direct the 
Winter Quaner Grand Production 
in Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-5404. 

friday 
Janos NIIIY"y will play violin 

at 4 p.m. Info: 534-5404. 

Thomas Nee and David Chase will 
conduct the ... ,. SynlPhony 
and Chorua in Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 8 p.m. Tickets are $8 
for students. The program will re-
peat Sunday at 3 p.m. Info: 534-
6467. 

Dr. Anne Gray will be accom-
panied with a classical music quar-
tet while she reads from and dis-
cusses The Popular Guide to etas-
sicalMusic at the Barnes and Noble 
Bookstore in Del Mar from 1 to 3 
p.m. Info: 481-4038. 

sunday 
steven SchIele's percussion stu-
dents will give a recital in Erickson 
Hall at 8 p.m. Admission is free. 
Info: 534-5404. 

The UCSD Guardian 

monday 
The Gypsy Klnp, which cur-
rently has five albums on the Bill-
board Latin charts, will play at the 
Sports Arena at 8 p.m. Info: 278-
TIXS. 

tuesday 

UCSD Jazz Grch.atra in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $3. Info: 
534-6467. 

THEATRE 
Dlv.ralonary Playhou •• : 
"nooses, knives & lovers," a play 
written and directed by Robert Jo-
seph, runs through March 26 at a 
new playhouse in Hillcrest. Per-
formances are at 8 p.m. Thursday 
through Saturday. Tickets are $10 
and $12. Info: 574-1 060. 

The Theatre In Old Town: 
"Weird Romance, "two one-act sci-

Cal-Animage will screen M.... ence fiction musicals composed by 
Ikkoku '41 and fI.".bo, Academy Award-winner Alan 
"'0. '2 at 7 p.m. in York Menken, will run through April 2. 
2622. Admission is free. Info: 587- Performances are Wednesday 
4890. . through Sunday at 8 p.m. Tickets 

Andie MacDowell and James 
Spader star in Sex, u.. and 
Video,."., which shows in the 
Price Center Theatre at 7:30 and 11 
p.m. Tickets are $1 in advance, $2 
at the door. Info: 534-6467. 

The International Style Film Festi-
val will show four films from the 
Phillipines, Japan, Thailand and 
Malaysia called Southern 
WI_ in Mandeville Auditorium 
at 8 p.m. Tickets for students are 
$3. or a student pass for all films 
can be purchased for $25. Info: 
534-6467. 

wednesday 
Jimmy Cheatham will direct the 

range from $16 to $22. Info: 239-
8355. 

San 01810 R.pertory: Sam 
Woodhouse directs "Burning 
Dreams: A Jazz Opera," a world 
premiere. II runs through March 5 
in the Lyceum Space Theatre in 
Horton Plaza. Performances are 
Tuesday through Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets 
range from $18 to $24. Info: 235-
8025. . 

Mandell W.iaa Th ...... : "An 
Evening of Dance," featuring cho-
reographed works by faculty and 
performed by dance students, runs 
through March 6. Performances are 
today through Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. Tickets for 
students are $4. Info: 534-3793. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLERIE ~ 
MUNUm of Contemporary 
Art: An exhibit by Scottish-born 
artist David Mach uses 20 tons of 
magazines to present the story of a 
post-World War 11 American fam-
ily. It will be on display through 
April 7. Gallery hours are 10 a,m. 
105 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. 
Info: 234-1001. 

Port.r Randall Gall.ry: 
Works by FlaviaGilmoreandRob-
ert Hale will be on display through 
April 15. Gallery hours are Tues-
day through Friday from 10 a.m. to 
5 p.m., noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. 
Admission is free. Info: 551-8884. 

MUHum of PhotOiraphic 
Arts: "Howling at the Moon: Ex-
hibitions by Keith Caner and Mario 
Cravo Neto" will be on display 
through March 20. The exhibit 
details connections between South-
ern-American and Brazilian cul-
ture. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. Monday through Sunday. Ad-
mission is $3. Info: 239-5262. 

Mandeville Gallery: "Contem-
porary Visions: Drawings by Ante 
Marinovic and Mario Uribe" will 
be on display March 5 through 
April 2. Both artists live and work 
in San Diego. Marinovic is known 
for his sculptures, and Uribe for 
his murals. An artists' reception 
will be held on Saturday from 3 to 
5 p.m. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday from noon to 5 
p.m. Admission is free. Info: 534-
2864, 

.~ 

Fun and fH'Ofelliona' 
atmoS",..,." 

, a#f ~~\ . ~.~ . 

Call 535-1433 for info 
Ot visit 711 Uni .. 1iIy c..r, 2nd fIaar, 

'/ III /{'-,f) \} 

$1 COLLEGE BEER NIGID COLLEGE PIZZA & PITCHER NIGHT 
AlII0-oz. Microbrewed beers 

$1 after 7 pm 
R-"e,......n $1 been are nol tile 1Glft. 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(Ifter 1 pm) 

4475 Mission Blvd_ 

$5 each 
" Comer ofMlaioD. Gamet In SuCout Square • free park.lns otl'Homblead 

, 274-ALES 

San Diego's only mystery. science fiction. horror bookstore 

More authors more often! 
Plenty of free parking! 

• special orders • autographed books 
• discount plans . • gift wrapping 

(-.. 0uIback AMnIur-., behind ... new Visual Arts Building, 
near Filth CGIIege, 10 GI out an appIicaIion! 

• books shipped • complete selections 

Call or visit to be placed on our free mailing list 274-8408 
4679 Clairemont Square • San Diego 

.-



i . 

HIATUS 4 The UCSD Cuardian Thunday, March 3,1994 

FILM 

The Accompanist 
Claude Miller directs a movingfilm about World War II 

By Yazmln Ghonalm 
Staff Writer 

You can add Parisian director 
Claude Miller's film The Accom-
panist to his list of internationall y-
acclaimed films, which also in-
cludes Garde ti Vue (1981) and 
The LiUle Thief (1988). The Ac-
companist is worthy of praise be-
cause of its realistic portrayal of a 
girl who searches for her identity 
in the midst of World War II. 

Set during the winter of 1942-
43 in German-occupied Paris, the 
film focuses on the hardships en-
dured by the young pianist Sophie 
(Romane Bohringer). 

After the singer Irene (Elena 
Safonova) hires Sophie as her ac-
companist, Soph ie becomes privy 
to Irene's secrets. 

Although her husband Charles 
(Richard Bohringer) is aiding the 
Germans, Irene is having an affair 
with Jacques Fabert (Samuel 
Labarthe), a member of the French 
Resistance. 

When Charles cuts his ties with 

the Germans, he takes Sophie and 
Irene with him to London. There 
they meet Benoit Weizman (Julien 
Rassam), who proposes to marry 
Sophie. Irene doesn' t approve of 
the match, and Sophie is forced to 
live vicariously thro~gh Irene 's 
secret love life. 

Although Miller 's original in-
tent was to divide the film into 
three parts, the first focusing on 
Sophie, the second on Irene and 
the third on Charles, the distinc-
tions are not obvious. 

In the last third, the three char-
acters flee war-torn France, leav-
ing their extravagant life in Paris 
behind . 

Miller sa id in a published inter-
view, "although World War" is 
not ve ry visible in the film , I 
wanted it to be felt, from start to 
fini sh, as an agonizing climate that 
is almost suffQCating." 

With great actingperformances 
and a moving score by Alain Jomy, 
TheAccompanist successfully por-
trays the "agonizing climate" of 

• Courtesy of Sony Pictu'H 
Sophie (Romane Bohrlncer> and Benoit (Julien R ....... > In a..de M ... '. ",. A~t, 
which I. ahowlnc at the HUlcrest CInemas. 
the war, while showing how music 
transcends political circumstances. 

The Accompanist is showing at 
the Hillcrest Cinemas. Call 299-

2100 for ticket prices and 
showtimes. 

EXPRESS YOURSELF: WRITE FOR HIATUS 
CALL 534-6583 AND ASK FOR JEFF NIESEL OR DROP OFF A RESUME AT THE GUARDIAN OFFICES 

Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. 
to<kly, alldjorf!lJl!r. 

• HdJr'ftIls 13:8 

BUY ONE 
COFFEE, GET 

2nd HALF PRICE 
--

SPRING 
BREAK 
VERY 

ECONOMICO! 
• Rooms from 549 plus tax. 

db!. Dec. 510 per additional 
person (max. four per 
room) 

• Free welcome Ylargarita 
per person 

• Free Mexican combo 
dinner nightly 

• Free pitcher of \1argaritas 
on third night of stay 

• Complete European 
Health Spa also available 

• Free Tennis, Pools & 
Jacuzzi 

• Free nightly movies & 
entertainment 

• Just 45 minutes trom 
downtown San Diego 

Limlled At'll ilabil il ll 
Valid Mllrcil III-April 2: 19~-4 

For reservations call 
(619) 498-8230 or toll-free: 
1-800-343-8582 

~ ext.;"1 

~ 
ROSARITO BEACH 

HOTEL & SPA 
s.;. !fMI.' .A.I-.. R....t 

FREE ELECTROLYS 
Eye bro ws 
Upper Lip 
Chin 
Unjerarms 
Breas t 
Stomach 
Bikini line 
Fingerlil 
Logs 
Toea 

• American Medical AlIOCiation 
approved method. for problem 
ca lleS lad sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men aad women 

• Female .Iafr, Itale-licen..,d &t~ 
techniciaas tr,., 

,. . 

Village Professional Center 
behind Elephant ear 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 558-0888 
[,p. 3/24/94 Suita 2121 ER'S ELECTROLYSIS 

Take Charge Now! 
558-3600 

8899 University Center lane • Suite 150 • San Die&o, CA 92122 

oAiIIil&'ru .... a. Restaurant 
EftaOI'lllf Cuisine r-------, !2for 1 : 

1 Bay ODe ---
.'regular 1 price, get 

ItM--S l:.:-a..:. tI!! 
I .... 
1 OidIa · ,... . ..,. """'- 1 
L ~ .. ~!!-~.!' ...J 

...... ~ 
0pa1l_1UO,...., ..... __ 

D eat-.... aa.11I1 

•••••••••• 
• YELLOW BRICK lOAD • 
• Family Amusement Gente,., • 

;4 FREE! 
: GAME: 
: TOKENS: 
• • • O'",_"..,. ... 5IJ'Iff . • 
• .. ... , ... c.rt.. • 

• UTe . ' 
•••••••••• 

PUB 
LUNCH 
NOW 

99~··L 
eom,IIII inctudII ThkI 

HHnda La WtffIIlN CaItiIg 

Or Nil" 

SElBY '1t • 1L 

Thunday, March 3,1994 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 ------------------------~~~ 
CONCERTS 

Aithouah ............ bers of Bitoto come from Z*e, the band now ~ In San UIIIt&Q. 

Bitoto 
Local band heats things up in Friday concert 

By Annett. Loudon 
Guardian Reporter 

Bitoto was steaming when it 
played on the Muir campus last 
Friday night. Don't get me wrong, 
this is not just a cutesy phrase I 
plucked out of my pocket edition, 
"How to write groovy music re-
views." Bitoto 's Zairean vocal trio 
actually worked up such a sweat 
that steam rose from their scalps. 

The Latin rhythms of the Su-
personic School of Samba pre-
pared the crowd for Bitoto' s per-
formance. The audience was in 
the mood to groove, and even a 
few Friday night textbook-
munchers appeared on the balco-
nies of Tioga Hall to shake their 
stuff. 

Bitoto is Zairean for "a stew 
with everything thrown in," and 
the band definitely cooked up a 

delectable blend of African and 
Latin music. These boys were also 
smooth movers. 

Although Bitoto ' s singers, 
MadjoAbdullah, Freddy Basembe 
and Dido Tshibangu have been in 
San Diego for a few years, they 
haven't lost their style. 

When the singers arrived in San 
Diego they were more than sur-
prised to discover an American 
Soukous band ready and waiting 
for their harmonies. 

. After a jam or two, Bitoto was 
born. The final line up includes 
Marcus Turner (congas), J.D. 
Mobely (percussion), Jason Hann 
(drums), David Thompson (bass), 
Leslie Cohen (rhythm guitar) and 
Lew Cohen (guitar). 

This group adroitly plays 
Soukous, Salsa, Rhumba, Merenge 
and probably any other African or 

Cuban style one can think of. These 
musicians twisted the rhythms in 
quite unexpected ways. Details 
aside, it knows how to get things 
shaking. 

Perhaps the most refreshing 
aspect of the performance was the 
blurring of the line between the 
performers and the audience. 
Members of the audience were fre-
quently on stage doing things your 
mother definitely wouldn ' t like. 

And in reciprocal fashion any 
band member who got the urge 
would jump off the stage and wind 
a groove-train through the crowd. 

In case you're begining to feel 
like you missed out big time, you're 
right. Lucky for you, Bitoto plays 
at Cafe Sevilla in downtown San 
Diego every Tuesday from 9 p.m. 
until 1 a.m . For information, call 
John Tidwell at 233-5979. 

-Hilarious! 
Mind-Bendingl 
Mind-Bogglingl-

- John Simon, 
New York Magazine 

-They're evil 
geniusesl-
- David leHerman 

Tickets $34, Students $17 
Coming April 10: 
AVNER THE ECCENTRIC 
Colll'aulo Herring for Group Roles 550-1 070 

LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE 
at the Mandell Weiss Theatre on the UCSD ,.n.,.,n"c 

Coffiidering the JYdpef is 
due tomorrow, aren't 
glad we're open a1l.&.&&~ 

You want to make sure your project looks its best when yoo 
tum it in. And since yoo' ll probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never turn in. 

1994 

DRESSES 
SHORTS 
JEANS 
& .orel 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

4·57-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamel Avenue 
48]-1852 

c!12 Facial Tanners 

3 months $39/mo. 
2 months $491 
I month $59 

I 10% 
II OFF I I SI9/.0. : Clml I ... ht ... I. I 
II.tlnC ..... !t..1 889=~!r I· FREE 1 
IPURCHASII LDJoIoVlagtDr.. 1 -'13,.,_'. I 
I ,.".,..... 111_ I 1 nut _ ......... ;:;!'5/94. .. ,.-.... 111 __ I 
L ..I~------L purdae. ~ 3/15/94 . .. 
----- -----

( 



HIATUS 6 The UCSD C .. rdiaa 

MU S Ie 

Tori ' Amos 
Under the Pink 

A .......... 

Her debut album was incred-
ible. Tori Amos' Little Earth-
qualces injected 57 minutes of a 
much-needed rush straight to the 
pop jugular. 

While it's often said that the 
'90s is the decade of the female 
artist, few stand outside the blur of 
singers such as Edie Brickel and 
Natalie Merchant - and even 
fewer are the power behind the 
music. Many women in pop con-
tinue to serve as a kind of wallpa-
per: a prelly, decorative backdrop. 

The impact of Little Earth-
qUilUs came from the fact that 
Amos ignored the precendents. 
Instead of mixing up the same pop 
structures, adding some catchy 
hooks and dramatic yet inane lyr-
ics, she built an aesthetic, which 
was miles from the great swells of 
pop-dom. As a classically-trained 
pianisl, this isn'l surprising. 

What makes Amos so engag-
ing is her power. Like Polly Jean 
Harvey, who entered the scene in 
1992 with her brillianlDry, Amos 
placed the conflicts of being a 
woman at the center of her music 
through intense personal narratives 
on love, sexuality, guilt, oppres-
sion and violence. 

However, 
while Harvey is 
driven by dis-
sonance, rage and 
the instabilty of 
gender para-
digms, Amos' 
work 15 melodic, 
and the emotional 
inlensity bubbles 
beneath the sur-
face, only ex-
ploding periodi-
cally. 

Amos' latest 
album,Under the 
Pinle, picks up 
where Little 
Earthquakes left Tort AnIoe' ............. r.I.... .......'t 
off. She has said 1MtdI ........ p Ice of ..... ...... 
Ihat PiIIk is more complex, and 
that it "requires more digging" than 
her debut. Unfortunately, some-
thing was lost in the evolution. . 

While Amos rehashes many of 
the same themes, she's unable to 
reach the high she did in her prev i-
ous work. She misses as often as 
she hits. 

While there are several out-
slanding tracks ("Icicle," 
"Comflake Girl," "The Waitress" 
and "Pretty ' Good Year"), many 

are flat and contrived. 
With Urukr 1M Pink, Amos 

has moved away from her intensely 
personal grounding to a more uni-
versal one, which an damage any 
artist. Perhaps her first album cre-
ated unrealistically high expcc:ta-
tions. While some combination of 
inflated expectations and moraliz-
ing destroyed Tracy Chapman, 
Tori}.mos iso'tdeadyet-I think 
she still has much to offer. 

~AIe""'" 

Pr •• lerel N·.rcll 5th L 

" TM 

~ 

From the animators 
of The Simpsons. 

Featuring the voices of 
Jason Alexander, 

Tim Curry, Nancy Travis 
and Dweezil Zappa. 

With music 
by Frank Zappa. 

Th ....... y.~hS • . 

Alice in Chains 
Jar o/Flies 
..., ......... 

Betrayed. Now, with pop-driven rock 
That was the first word thai bands like The Breeders in style, 

crossed my mind when I first heard Alice has taken a decidedly pop 
Alice in Chains' single "No Ex- turn. For this band, however, that 
cuses," off the new Jllr 0/ Flies . turn leads to a dead end. 
EP. A band that could once be 
considered "metal" has devolved 
into the realm of catchy pop jingles. 

Unfortunately, "No Excuses" 
is not very catchy for a pop tune, 
nor is it heavy enough to sustain 
the interest of Alice in Otains fans. 
In fact, the song sounds more like 
a bad cover of an R.E.M. tune. 

And it doesn't get much better 
from there. The album consists 
mainly of semi-acoustic, blues-
influenced tracks reminiscent of 
those released 011 the SlIp SP sev-
eral yean ago. Unlike SlIp, Flies 
does nothing new tDUlicaUy, cov-
ering tired terrilory mercilessly. 

Perhaps lhe key to the new 
album's failure lies in changing 
musical trends. When the band's 
first a1bum,Fllcelift, was released, 
g1am metal was en vogue, and 
some tBcks definitely conveyed a 
g1am feel. 

The next real a1bum,DUt, came 
in lhe midst of the grunge craze, 
and the Seattle-based Alice in 
Chains changed its tune slightly. 

The lyrics have~deadended, 
taking the typical Alice in Chains 
droning "ooh, yeah" vocals to an 
abhorrent excess. 

The meanings are often more 
cryptic than on other Alice albums, 
and they are trite when they do say 
something. 

In the track "Rotten Apple," 
for example, vocalist Layne Staley 
croons, "Hey Ah Na Na, Inno-
cence is over, Over. Hey Ah Na 
Na, Iporance is broken, Broken. " 
Sure, Layne. 

The music is a little bit better, 
although it all too often devolves 
into typical, boring pop or blues. 

. One really neat thing aboUI the 
album is the pactaaing. Little plas-
tic flies slide back and forth be-
neath the left-hand endoftbe cover. 

Don't get me wrong. I still lis-
ten to Jar 0/ Flies, and I stiD tbint 
Alice in Otains is the best thing 
since buttered bread. 

But based on past ~ort, the 
album is a disapppintment. 

....... 1' lilt 

r J r (I AT r r r \ rr I- r {, ~ I J I) THE \ \ \ ).\ I -I J 
UTe 

ON DEADLY ~D 
SOtNDlER'S usr 
AaVENTURA 
SUGARHlll 
GREEDY 
WHAT'S EATING 
GlBERTGWEt 

LA JOllA 
VILLAGE 

RfAUTY BIJES 
ANGIE 

THE CHASE 
IN THE NAME OF THE 

FATHER 
STARTS FRIDAY 

( "II to «() n f \I rl) ( (J i I r () ( () n f " r n 
452-7766 453 7831 

Thunday. March 3.1994 The UCSD Guardia. SPORTS 11 

DAN 

SWEEnEY 
Baseball and 
Spring Are 
In the Air 

Tritons Have Sights Set on NCAAs 
Ah, spring is here again. 

NCAA OPENER: Third-seed UCSD hosts fourth-ranked Pomona-Pitzer in first round of tourney 
The baseball diamonds are 
green, !be air is fragrant with 
the smell of pine tar and glove 
oil, and all that can be heard is 
the sound of birds singing 
intermingled with the crack of 
a baseball bat making solid 
contact. 

Outfielders have pulled 
their gloves out of the moth-
balls and are shagging flies. 
Pitchers are loosening their 
arms for opening day. Infield-
ers are working the ball around 
the born. Enthusiastic, wide-
eyed rookies, fresh from the 
minors, are looltina to make a 
good impression with the 
parent clubs. Everything is 
right with the world again. 

America!s pastime gives us 
so much to look forward to: 

Frank Thomas ripping a 
three-run homer down the right 
field line; Roger Clemens, 
"The Rodtet," overpowering a 
gawking batter with his 9O-plus 
fastball; Ken GrjffeyJr . 
making I di'9lng grab of a liner; 
Rickey Henderson blazing 
down !be baseline for another 
steal; Tommy Luorda 
-,., ....... -.. 
sizable paunch whilo arpaiq a 
close play at home; big, artery-
c10ging bot dogs dripping 
with the worb. Tbat's what 
baseball is all abouL 

The game has changed 
though. The cJuaic structure of 
baseball, which withstood the 
test of time for so many years, 
is now a memory, replaced by 
the more profitable, multi-
tiered playoff system reminis-
cent of those used by lesser 
sports. 

When I say "lesser," I am 
referring to basketball, football, 
hockey, sports that are 
inherently dwarfed by baseball 
- a gamoowith an unparalleled 
history, a game with distinct 
personalities, a game that has 
endured professionally for over 
a century, virtually unchanged. 

Hey, don't get me wrong; I 
enjoy these lesser sports. I love 
watching Shaq muscle in those 
gorilla dunks just lib everyone 
else, but the MTV "in-your-
face" altitude is mind-numbing 
after a while. And football's no 
beller-the mere presence of 
those crummy, stylin', "pretty-
boy" Cowboys is enough 10 

See SPRING, Page 16 

By BrIen K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

Seldom is a team able to avenge 
every loss it may have suffered over 
the course of a season. The UCSO 
men's basltetball team (20-4) has 

the opportu-
nity to do just 
that in the 
1994 Division 
III National 
Champion-
ships. 

The first 
and second 
rounds of the 
West Region-
als will be 
held tonight 
and Saturday 

in the Triton Main Gym. Both games 
are scheduled for 7:30 p.m. tip-offs, 
and ticket prices are 54 for general 
admission and $3 for students and 
chiidren. 

Thursday's marquee matchup 
pits the West's third-ranked Tritons 
against the visiting Southern Cali-
fornia Intercollegiate Athletic Con-
ference (SClAC) runner-up and 
west Regional fourth-seed Pomona-
Pitzer ,.,,7). 

'I1rp of'tJCSO', four Ioaea, .at 
Cbaplll8D and MeaJo. have been 
successluIly aveopd, but it will be 
payback time with the stakes raised 
for !be San Diego squad, which was 
trounced in its season home-opeoer 
by the Sagehens, 89-68, on Nov. 19. 

The Sagehens dominated virtu-
ally every statillical category. in-
cluding a SI-33 rebound margin. 
Pitzer shot .S IS from the floor to 
UCSO's .338, and the Sagehens hit 
seven of 14 three-pointers while ~ 
Tritons canned a dismal four of 26. 

"We were an entirely different 
offense and an entirely different 
defensive set," Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said. "We decided after 
our first two games to tune the of-
fense down a bit. Pomona-Pitzer is 
going to see a far different team this 
time." 

"The style of play lUils our team 
very well now and we are playing 
some very solid buketblll," he 
added. "We aren't doing anything 
particularly different in preparing 
for them. Pitzer is a good team that 
has gotten the most out of their play-
ers, bllt we just need to tend to 
business and stay focused." 

The winner will host the SCIAC 
champion and the West's top-gun, 
California Lutheran University (24-
2) on Saturday. 

1 ..... 1: 
Today at southem california Colle&e, 2 p.m. 

Sat., March 5 VI. The Muter'. CoIIep It Triton Reid, 11 a.m • 
....... 

Sat., March 5 at California Lutheran University, noon 
-'., ..... Today-Sun., March 8, Paclftc eo.t Doubles Chlmp/on,hlps 

Sun., March 6 VI. Emory UnNeraIt;y (QA) It North Courts, 1 p.m. 
1rMII ........ 

Sat., March 5, C~1y Pomona Bronco ImttationeI, 9 I.m. 
.. '.¥ ....... I 

Today It BtfIhIm YOWJ UnlWralt;y, 7:30 p.m. 

The Kingsmen also had their way 
with the Tritons earlier in the sea-
son, giving their southern opponents 
a merry Yuletide crushing, 1()()'79, 
on Dec. 23. 

"Cal Lu is a very good team," 
Marshall said of the November 
game. "There is no doubt about it. 
But I feel that if we get there, we can 
play with them." 

The Tritons home-court advan-
tage should most certainly work in 
their favor. "It's great to be playing 
It home, but it can be difficult," 
Marshall admitted. "We can't allow 
our emotions to get away with us. 
We have to remain focused and 
maintain our inlensity." 

UCSD was pleasantly sUrprised 
when it discovered that it had the 
chance to host. In a controversial 
selection process last Sunday 
evening, third-seed UCSO was 
awarded the host site for the 
tournament's opening rounds de-
spite not being the West's premier 
qualifier. 

Because Cal Lutheran, which 
with a first-place &ceding, should 
have earned the right to host, pllYs 
on a non-NCAA sanctioned, 88-foot 
court, the Kingsmen found them-
selves hilling the highways. 

"I hate playing at their place," 
Marshall said. "But they do,a great 
job of usina the smaller court to 
their advantage." 

Pomona-Pitzer, had they beaten 
Cal Lu in last Saturday's head-to-
head matcbup for !be- SCIAC tide, 
would have staked its NCAA cham-
pionship hopes on home ground. 
But an 89-68 loss dropped Pitzer 
dramatically in the rankings. 

The Sagehens were previously 
tied for first with St. Thomas of 
Minnesota in the West region in the 
NCAA Division III national polls 
released only last week. 

But after a long and arduous con-
ference call which consisted of of-
ten-heated input from head basket-
ball coaches across the nation on 
Sunday, the NCAA selection com-
millee determined that UCSO's im-
pressive tally of victories, which 
included wins over several top Oi-
vision II and NAJA foes in addition 
to an unprecedented victory over 
Division I Northern Arizona Uni-
versity, deserved the nod. 

Tom Marshall attributes the Tri-
tons' fortunate stroke ofluck in host-
ing to simple geography. 

"That's just life out here in the 
West," Marshall said. "National goes 

See M. HOOP, Page 13 

lenlor N8le HMtCIn wtI .urt It tIM twocuerd for UCSD. 

IIIe Triton Road to tile FI .... Four 

#13 Greensboro 24-3 

#12 St Thomas 21-5 

15 Central Iowa 13-9 

#11 Roanoke 26-1 
.4 

.5 Ham 

ICIIIIIIIIDIIII MEI'I 
1IIIDBIll TOURNIIIIT 

FIRST ROUND UCSD HOSTS POMONA-PITZER ON 
THURSDAY, MARCH 3 

WINNER HOlTS CAL LUTHERAN ON 
IATURDAY MARCH I, 11M AT 7:30 p .... 

JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 

.... 
Mdt. 120 MIlt bill> ".., It,-., ... ,.. "D/If 

_ ... 
A trw ~ 111M 1M' will 
.. yotU'''''' 10. _'-It 



t· 

/ 

/" 

, . 

12 SPORTS The UCSD CuardiaD Thunda" Mareh 3, 1994 

THE UCSD CLUB SPORTS ROUND-UP 
Cycling 

The UCSD cy· 
cling team was off to 
the Claremont Col-
leges in L.A. last 
weekend for its first 

chance of the season to see how it 
measured up against the national 
cycling powerhouse Cal-Poly San 
Luis Obispo. 

Despite a second-place finish 
overall behind Cal-Poly SW, San 
Diego was able to take first place in 
the A division races. 

" It was a really important race 
this weekend. It was good for us to 
get a look at one of the top teams in 
the nation and 
now we know 
that our A team 
can beat them," 
said sophomore 
race r Ian 
Bett inger. " It 
was a real con-
f i de nc e 
booster." 

UCSD squad, out for the season. 
Chad Roemer came in with a 

fifth-place finish, ahead of team-
mate Mark Patterson who cruised 
home for an eighth-place tally in 
the men's Drace. 

The women's A team grabbed 
the third and fourth-place positions 
with strong performances from 
Karina Francis and Rachel Tobin. 

In the women's B division, 
Rachel Kay garnered a strong 
fourth-place finish to hold up the 
UCSD banner. 

Sunday brought a new course to 
challenge the competitors. The 

In men's A, Livingston endured 
the course to place third, just ahead 
of teammate Glenn Sanders, who 
captured fourth place. Bettinger 
came home in seventh position to 
round out the top UCSD finishers. 

The men's B team took four of 
the top-10 finishes, with showings 
by Leute (fourth), Alex Vendler 
(sixth), Erik Stauber (ninth), and 
Tim Knudsen (10th). 

In the C Division, Joe Nelesen 
captured third for UCSD, while 
Mike Seid also grabbed a 10th-place 
finish. 

The men's D race resulted in two 

In Satur-
day's Asphalt 
Rod e 0 
Criterium, the 
men's A squad 
was led by Dave 
Edwards, who 
was nosed out 
for the top spot 
in the sprint and 
had to settle for 
a second-place 
finish. 

Photo Counesy of NICk MoecIe/Ryln Cady 
Ian Bettlnle, and Adam Uvlnpton (front two on rICht) paced the UCSO effort. 

Other no-
table finishers for UCSD were 
Adam Livingston (fourth), Dave 
Deyhimy (fifth), and Bettinger 
(ninth). 

In the men's C Division, Jesse 
Rosen brought home the team's top 
finish, taking seventh and followed 
closely by Jed Brintzenhoff in 
eighth and Eric Leute in eleventh. 

A crash during the men's C race 
left Sang Park, a solid scorer for the 

Equestrian 

The UCSD equestrian team 
was burdened with an extreme 
case of the blues after last 
weekend's IHSA Stanford Show, 
but it was certainly not the result 
of any failure on the team's part. 

The San Diego riders captured 
the blue ribbon- first place over· 
all - for the English division. 

UCSD trampled an elite field, 
which featured Division I power· 
houses USC, UC Davis and 
Stanford, with numerous top-
three finisbes. 

Among the multiple winners, 
Kristen Smith seized first in the 
novice equitation-over-fences 
eveot, as did sophomores Jen 
Chung and Katherine Brovant in 
the walk·trot canter and walk·trot 
classes, respectively. 

A1soaiding the team were spiro 
ited performances by Christy 
Verhuel (sixth in the open-over-
fences), Shannon Gaffeney (sec. 
ond in jumping. fourth in flat 
class), and Michele Azzara (third 
in walk-troe-anter and waIk-trot). 

Senior Kalby Grisham lept to 
first pJace ia tbe equitation dua 
and fourth place in another Weal· 
em cJ-. IDIkiDI ber the biab-
poiDl rider far the Ihow iD the 
Weatem diviIion. 

-e,TelML8IM 

Glendora Mountain Time Trial was 
a gruelling nine-mile trek which 
included 2,000 feet of vertical 
climbing. 

Kate Elsey brought home third 
for the women's A, with Francis in 
sixth and Tobin in eighth. 

Kay was once again the sole 
scorer for UCSD in the women's B, 
coming across the line in seventh 
place. 

Women's Lacrosse 

The UCSD 
women's lacrosse 
team (2-0 in league) 
has had an outstand-., 
ing year thus far, and 

its success continued last weekend 
when the Tritons travelled to Ari-
zona for a battle against the Uni· 
versity of Arizona. 

UCSD entered the game ranked 
second in the South, while the Wild-
cats held the fifth-place ranking 
and posed a stiff test for the young 
Tritons. 

Forced to compete without the 
guidance of Head Coach Diane 
Whipple, who was unable to join 
ber team in Arizona, UCSD had to 
look within itself for motivation 
and8dvi~. 

"1tw.loughwitbout(Whipple] 
tbere, to adjUSl to what they were 
doin .. " l.oc Nguyen said. 

Obviously, UCSD made the 
right choices thou ... , as the Tritons 
made mincemeat of what had been 
a hi .... y-touted Arizona squad. 

UCSD sdfted Arizona'. offen-
sive unit with a fierce clefeDlive 
effort ad aeoocded a 15-8 viclory. 
Tritoa pile Andrea Sc:becImer 
was the equivaleDl ofa brick wall 
ia ........ as .. hInIIcI away 11 
aboIa to keep the Wi ..... It bay. 

"Our defe.... looked areal 

more top finishes: Patterson flew up 
the mountain for a third-place tally 
and Roemer came in with a seventh 
place finish. 

The San Diego cycling team is 
anxiously awaiting the next big race 
weekend when it will again face 
Cal-Poly SLO and new competition 
from Northern California and Ne· 
vada. 
-By OM Kraft lind T,.vIa Bone 

against Arizona this weekend," 
team captain Lac Ngyen said. 

But this is nothing new for the 
Tritons. "As a unit, we've been 
playing extremely well defen-
sively," Whipple said. 

1be UCSDoffensiveattackcon-
trolled the momentum of the game, 
placing continual pressure on the 
Wildcats. 

led by Jeannie Churo, who put 
home five goals in the contest, and 
Nguyen, who tallied three, the Tri-
tons had no trouble putting balls 
past the Arizona defense. 

1be victory pulled UCSD into a 
first·place tie in tbe Southern Divi· 
sion with the Uaiversity of Calif or-
nia at Santa Barbara, with whom 
the Tritons will do battle on Sun-
day, April 10. 

Now that UCSD has ascended 
to tbe top of the proverbial ladder , 
it will be targeted by the rest of the 
division beginning this weekend, 
when it will compete in two tough 
contella against division 0ppo-
nents. 

On Saturday, the Tritons will 
face 0are1DOlll Colle. at 1 p.m. 
Suaday'. COIIMIl apiDIl Occidea-
tal is lCbeduled 10 pi UDderway at 
8008. Boda oa.IIIIII wiD take place 
at the Wanea BaIt fieIdL 

-e, ...... 

Rugby 

The UCSD 
rugby team's 
hopes of qualify-
ing for the play. 
offs this season 

were dealt a harsh blow last Satur-
day when the promising young 
squad suffered a resounding 32-6 
defeat at the hands of conferenco 
power Loyola Marymounl. 

UCSD exerted a solid all·around 
effort but 
could not de· 
cipher the 
more experi-
enced lMU 
team. UCSD 
fell to 2-2 in 
league play. 

is currently ranked second. 
UCSD, still banged up from an 

OMBAC Tournament a couple of 
weeks ago, had trouble generating 
any kind of offensive momentum 
against the host Lions. 

UCSD's lone scoring efforts 
were two first-half penalty kicks 
converted by captain Devon Shea. 

The stingy lMU defense be-
fuddled any other San Diego at-

tempts to close 
the ever-wid-
ening scoring 
gap. 

Despite the 
final tally , 
Stensen and 
fellow coach 
Erik Takeuchi 
were generally 
pleased with 
the perfor-
mance turned 
in by their San 
Diego squad 
against the 
more experi-
enced lions. 

"We ' re 
still in the 
running [for a 
playoffspotJ, 
but we will 
probably 
have to finish 
the season 
with a record 
of 5-2," 
Coach Mark 
Stensen said. 

Cur -

The UCSO ncbY team fell to 
Loyo .. M8rymount, 32-6. 

JuniorTim 
Gifford 

rently, the San Diego squad sits 
tied for third in the Southern Cali-
fornia Rugby Union College 
Divsion with ClaremQnt College. 
LMU kept its top-seed spot with 
the victory Saturday, and UC Irvine 

Men's Lacrosse 

., 
UCSD doesn't 

usually play a team 
like UCLA in any 
sport. Basketball? 
No. Baseball? Think 

again. Men's lacrosse? Why not. 
Although UCLA is a Division I 

power in just about everything 
imaginable, lacrosse is not exactly 
its forte. 

Host UCSD took full advantage 
orUCLA's.inadequacies last Sat· 

checked in 
with a strong outing for UCSD. 

The UCSD B side outplayed 
LMU's second unit, with consis· 
tent play from Andy Lin and Erik 
Schultz en route to a 20-15 victory. 

-By Jeremey M8"rned 

urday, thoroughly dominating ilS 
foe, 18-8, to raise ilS Western Col· 
legiate Lacrosse Association South· 
em Division record to 3-0. 

"Defensively, I don't think we 
played very well," captain Mark 
Steele said. 

"All of [UCLA's] goals were 
pretty weak. There's no way we 
should have allowed eight goals. 
The goals that UCLA scored were 
just ridiculous," he added. 

San Diego was 
constantly in control 
from the game's 
outset. Using a solid 
passing game, 
UCSD established 
an 8·3 advantage at . 
halftime. 

Attackman 
James Kappler led 
the way for UCSD, 
scoring four goals. 
MidfielderThadeus 
Reynolds tallied 
three scores. 
-ByAron_ 

THE WEEK AHEAD 
C)I" .. 

Sat., March 5, It Cal Poly SM LuiS Obispo 
IoeIlelUr. 

Today vs. CSU Northrldp It San 01e&O Sports Arena, 10 p.m. 
Sun., March 6, vs. SDSU It San 01e&O Sports Arena, 9:30 p.m. 

"'.Ln ... I" 
Fri., March 4, at UnlYerslty of SM 01110, 2:30 p.m. 

Sat., March 5, vs. Unhlerstty of ArIzona It Pryetel FIeld, noon 
WIlE .". 'PI 1 .. 1: 

Sun., March e, va. 0ccIdInt8I CoIIep, noon 
...,. 

Sat., March 5, va. USC, 1 p.m. 
S'. 

Wed.-Sun., March 2~, N8tIonItIa lit M8mmoth MouraIn 
.... 

SlIt., March 5, NSSA-SW eo. .... 1Cl1It CarIIb8d 
.' at .... . SIIt.-8w'I., MIICI'I 508, lit at.1font Toun_"."t. 10 Lm. 

Thunda)" March 3,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

. . 

We Fooled Ya! We Fooled Ya! 

R.II ••• 11 RII.I.llons: 
- Send your entry on an 8 1/2" 

by 11" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year In school, college you 
attend at UCSD, major and phone 
number to: Sports Editor, UCSD 
Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive, 0316, 
La Jolla, CA 92093·0316. Or you can 
drop It off in the Letters box in the 
front of the Guardian office, located 
on the second floor of the Old Stu-
dent Center. 

- The entry with the most cor· 
rect answers, as determined by 
judges, will be declared the grand-
prize winner and will be recognized 
when the quiz answers are printed 
the following week. In the event of a 
tie, a drawing will be held to deter-
mine a winner. A maximum of 15 
correct entries not selected as the 
grand prize winner will be consid-
ered runners-up. 

- The grand-prize winner will 
receive a free dinner for two at BJ's 
Chicago Piueria. Runners-up will re-
ceive a free pitcher of Amstel Light 
Beer, or soda, at BJ's, located In La 
Jolla Village Square. A list of all win' 
ners will be posted at BJ's each week 

. and winners need to show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

- UCSD students, staff and fac-
ulty are eligible to enter, except for 
Guardian staff members and employ-
ees of BJ's Chicago Pizzeria. 

- Only one entry per person. No 
mass·produced entries will be ac-
cepted . Entries must be at the Guard-
ian office by noon Wednesday. 

- Prizes must be claimed within 
two weeks of winner 's posting , after 
which the prize is forfeited . 

M. HOOP: 
UCSD hosts NCAAs 
Continued from peee 11 
with whatever makes the most sense 
financially for the matchups. The 
number-two seed St. Thomas [MNJ 
is hosting number-five Central 
[lowaJ. Normally four and five 
would be fighting it out to take on 
the number-one team. But that would 
cost a lot more in travel costs over 
the week. 

"We are very excited to host," he 
added. "It doesn't always work out 
th.t way in the West, but we are 
going to use this to our advantage. 
We feel we have a debt to repay to 
Pomona-Pitzer. " 

'IbII Week'. Que ... • 
l. What journeyman center recently 
signed with the Los Angeles lakers? 
2. What Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher 
is trying to become the first Korean 
ever to play Major league Baseball? 
3. WhO is the all-time passing-yard-
age leader in Super Bowl history? 
4. What rough-and-tumble defense-
man was recently traded back to the 
Los Angeles Kings? 
S. Which college basketballtearn re-
cently handed the University of Indi-
ana ilS worse loss in over 60 years? 
6. Where were the 1906 Summer 
Olympics held? 
7. What boxer held the heavyweight 
championship from 1970-73? 
8. What player leads the NBA in 
triple-doubles so far this season? 
9. What player won the NHl's Calder 
Trophy for Rookie of the Year in 
19911 
10. What UCSD women's basketball 
player recently became the all-time 
leading scorer in Triton history? 

Last Week's Answers: 
• 1. What Winter Olympics 
speedskater won the men's 1,()()()-
meter race? Oa. Jansen 
.2. Who is "the man in the middle" 
for the NBA 's Chicago Bulls? 

Bill Cartwright 
• 3. What former Cincinnati Reds 
second baseman recently re-signed 
with the San Diego Padres? 

Dip Roberts 
• 4. Who won the 1994 Winter 
Olympics gold medal in men·s fig-
ure skating? Alexl Urmanov 

• 5. What college basketball coach 
has won the most NCAA tourna· 
ment championships ever? 

John Wooden 
• 6. Which player is currently the 
highest-paid linebacker in the NFL? 

- JuDior Sau 
.7. Apart from Florida aod Colo-
rado, which is the only National 
League team to have never retired a 
player's jersey number? 

The Montreal Expos 
.8. In 1991, who had the lowest 
ERA in the American League? 

Roger Clemens 
.9. WhowastheNHlcareerleader 
in penalty minutes? 

Tiger Williams 
.10. What UCSD meo's swimmer 
was named the 1993 NCAA Divi-
sion III Nationals Swimmer of the 
Meet? Travis Miller 

This Week's Winners: 
• Gnnd Prize 
Chris Heichel, Sr., Biology 
• Runnen.Up 
James Bouwer, Sr., Physics 
Jennifer Doherty, Sr., Wom. Stu. 
Jeremy Howard, Sr, Psychology 
Dave Humber, Jr., Biology 
Brett Hunter, Sr., Visual Arts 
Steve Kremser, Sr., Biology 
Chris Martin, Sr., Biology 
Joe Mozingo, Sr., Biology 
Jeff Paulson, Sr., Economics 
Jonathan Perkins, Sr., Poli. Sci. 
Rorik Peterson, Sr. , Chern. Eng. 
Matt Ringer, Sr. , Chern. Eng. 
Ed Wagner, Sr., Economics 
Doug White, Sr., Biology 
Dan Wilson, Sr., AMES 

Mat .......... , NbInIIIII ............... ...." ........ ...., 8 key 
role ... tile TIItoM drive to tile NCAA DIvIaIen HI FIIIIII ,... 

;'t; ... , ~, . .~. " . ( ~',' ' i :. 

ErtkJohnlOn G/F 24 611 127 251 74 3.1 42 12 384 15.2 ar.- __ ....., 1We' ...... 

SPORTS 13 

Hot Food, Cool People 
815 Garnet Avenue, Pacific Beach 

274-8084 

• $ ...... ...,purdI .... 
I VALUE 1MNt_ ................ Exp.1Il1/94 
-------------

1007 Garnet Avenue 
Pacific Beach, 273-6227 

'I Hot Sake . 
I ~ & California Roll 

,.,Cot Um~ I,.. cust ..... 

St. Patrick's'" 
.,. Day Sale! 

Sat., March 5, lOam-S pm 
Sun., March 6, 10 am to 6 pm 

4 0 01 Off all used items 10 in store! 
.. a ................ 3001 Off new items 

101.CIII ..... ar.,_ 10 in store! 
.... ....... .... 

, 

.... ....... . ..... _ .. ~M. . •- : ..... • ---.. --.-..--. .., L ~_____ ~----------~ 

_jut S17goo 
CaD'" DIego Opt-*J 571·2081 

fta c ......... DoaeDn 
.. I C •• o, at ..... r.nr, .... 
...,-_ ... -..... -------.--
-.,.,..,---_ .. -....... --.. -

L ____________________ ~ 

.-

I . 



t. 

\ . 

(,. . -

. , 

14 CLASSIFIEDS 

\\\O( \C 1-,\11-,\1'" 
AnENTION PRE-IIEDII It·. 
not too lat. to .Ign up for the 
b.st MCAT pr.p. (Cia ••• tart. 
3/1). Call KAPLAN for more 
info. 277·6744. (2/24·3/10) 
fU)SlANPMFI I'l!'D ISSDL.Grad 
& undergrad students will share 
their personal perspectives 
regarding the changing political. 
economic. & social situation In 
Russia. Everyone is welcome to 
bring their lunch & join us. Call 
534·3730 for more info. (2/24·3/ 
3) 
KSDT NEEDS YOUI Support 
student· run radio. Sign the KSDT 
petition . (3/3·3/7) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recesSion-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
FMmIIr', ..................... 222-0220 
Y. AcceaorIeI .: ........ 272-2150 
Action T1vttI, 1·5 at Clairemont Dr. 

UCSD EATI • DRlNKI 
BI' PIzza .................... 455-0682 DomiIo·, ...................... 452-UCSO 
HIny'I, La.lola ........... 454-7381 
HII"I<IIchen. P8 ........ 274-8084 
.lull Bean Count ....... 587·1228 
IOIIIOOn P'w1IIn CUiIInII .. 458-4018 
Kolle', FroZ8l'l Yogurt . 452-0524 

~ Bean Co . ......... 450-2128 
P..,.chm·" U CdonJ ...... 546-7888 
UClDAUJO 
CMrIeu AIJttJ (Ibw) . 695-1990 
RobeIt'I. Million Bay ..... 27So1132 
Tom', Master Mec:h ..... 450-9494 
CCIIta Verde car Wash .587--i844 
MHmar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 
UClD HAIR. BEAUTY 
CreatIve Cull ............... 530-0590 
Young AItItudeI ....... .... 457-3334 
W. Care HaIr ....... ........ 587-CUTT 
UCSD HEALtH • FITNEII 
AIhIeIe Cydery ............. 2n-8255 
BeIng FIt CIIirtrnarI Sq ..... 483-9294 
FMIiIy Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care ................... 226-1733 
Till 4 lela ................... 455-0lI09 
T." DIego .................... 459-0189 
Dr. SIIntord, DDS ......... 558-3480 
CCIIta Verde DentIst!y .. 622·1007 
UC CycIery ................... 452-8842 
UClD OPTOMETRY 
CIIII8aI Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. SeIbv. 0 .0 .............. 578-87118 
SIn DIego 0pI0metry .. 571·2081 
UClDMUIIC 
MusIC TrIIdIr, .... .... 883-1. 
UClD TRAm , 
Caunc:I TrIYII .............. ~ 
UClDCOPIEI 

CII~. HoIday Ct. .. 452 .... 
1<InIID'., U VIIIgI ........ 467-3775 
Z*a Copy .................. 457-1007 
UCID 1II'nI •• 
..... , ... ............... ~1000 

~ KIpIIn ............. m-87 .. 
..:AT A.wtIw .............. 458 s" 
UClDJ •• na 
=:LM ....... ........ 27MNE 
5 NiIII*UI ............ ~1_ 
J.J . ........... 011 Mw 2!IH7If 
La JDIa IINwIng Co ..... 458 a zw 
P. B. BrwIIcMe .......... 274-Al.D 

UClDUC. 
8L 0IniIIIIn', ............... 4!55-14'4 
NII:tIr lilt, 8paIt ........ ~ 
IDII DIM CIriIn ......... __ _ 
~PIacb:IonI ....... ~ .. 

The UCSD Caardiaa 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. 11re rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personoJ use only), $3 for faculty and st/lf/, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is ~; therefore, ~ must be mailed wiJh a check (made payable to The 

~CSD Guardian) or presented UI person. Deadlines are 3 p.m.11rursday for Monday ~ 
ISSUe, and~ p,.m. !40~ for~~ issue. The Guardian rese1WS theright to refuse 
any advertisUig UlCluding but not limiJed to companionship ads. For more infomllllion 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDG~tln:CIDssifieds, 9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, Lalolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: StudentCenterA, topjloor. 

E'IPL«n'IEY!' 
ATTENTION: STUDENT WORKS 
PAINTING is now hiring branch 
operators for the summer of '94. 
Earn up to $15.000 Met get the 
business experience of • lifetime. 
Call 1-800-955·7557. Positions 
filling fast throughout California. (1/ 

1~3/10) 

Sa!es·marlcetlng; full or part time. 
Sports and nutrition related . 
Excellent earning potential. Call 
Mike at 453-6029 for additional 
Information. (1/1 0-3/10) 

ATTENTION: foreign students from 
Australia. Canada, Hong Kong. 
Japan. and New Zealand. Excellent 
business opportunlly In yourCOU1try. 
For information call 453-6029. Ask 
for Mike. (1/1~3110) 

Engineers: Graduates .nd 
undergraduates. 24 hourcareerllne. 
310-358-6257. National Job Search. 
exciting OpportunIties. (1124-313) 

FUN SUMMER JOB. Needed youth 
camp counseIor8. sklboal drivers. 
sailing and surfing 1nQuctors. HirIng 
now. apply In person at Mission Bay 
Sportcenter. 1010 Santa Clara 
Place, 488-1004. (2/7-4114) 
$STUDENTS$ Are you 18 or 
older? Wanna earn $500-$5000/ 
month PT/FT. Available Immed. 
new to San Diego. Need. you 
453-1585. (2/10-3/7) 
AA Cruise & Travel employment 
guide. Earn big $$$ + travel the 
world freel (Caribbean. Europe. 
Hawaii. Aslal) Hurryl Bu.y sprinW 
summer seasons approaching. Free 
travel club membershlpl Call (919) 
929-4398. (2117-4/11) 

Interested In earning money and 
gaining job experience at a law 
office? Local firm has entry level 
opening •. Call 687-7651 for more 
details. (2/22-313) 

SUIIMERTEACHING POsmoNI 
Reeding enrichment programs for 
children and adults sponsored by 
universities throughout Southem 
Califomla. Full-time teaching, $450 
to$5OOlweek Summerteachlng pay. 
medical benefits. Flex·tlme paid 
training. Warm. energetic graduate 
students and graduating seniors 
only. Car required. Please call 
(310)984-5567. (310)428-1171. or 
(310)428-2370. (2124-4/4) 

DAY CAMPS serving Conejo & s.. 
F..-.ido V*'Is. SiTi. CImdo & 
Malibu seek fun. caring a-al COUMIIorI. apecIIIlnItructars for 
nakn. gym. hcneback riding, W*9 
boaIIng, aaIIs, IIINim1Ing. acngled'lg, 
~OOU'I8&more. Ncwlnllll NoMng 
81&86&6263. (2124-414) 
Telemarketing - PIT. evenings. 
$7.50 per hour. La Jolla Company 
needs survey takers. Contact Eve 
.at 658-7330. (2/28-313) 

Po.t.' Jobs Avallablel Many 
pOSitions. Great b.neflts. C.II 
1-800·436-4365. Ext . P-3387. 
(2/28·4/7) 

Earn cash .tufflng envelopes at 
home. Send SASE to P.O. Box 395. 
Olathe. KS 66051 . (3/3-414) 

FOB ~ \LE 

Janet Jackson Ticket., LA 
Forum. March 7. Call Ta.ha 587· 
2196. (2/28·3/3) 

'71 VW Bug . New red paint. 
brake •• steering. rebuild 
engine. sunroof. Mu.t sell. 
$2500 . 546·8021 . (2/28-3/3) 

. Mountain bike. '93 Scott Saudoa. 
Shlmano Altu. A10/A20 
components. $325 or best offer. 658-
9417. (2/28-3/3) 
INTERNET ACCESS to your 
"virtual" door: Good terminals for 
sale. 434-5786. (2128-317) 

SURFBOARD - 6'2" Neutron tii-fin 
board w/leash. Good condition and 
great for learning. $65 obo. Call 
Ralph 455-1944. (2128-313) 

HP·28S Symbolic/Scientific 
calculator for sale. Excellent for all 
science. math and .tats need •. 
$60.00. Call 622-1147. (2128-3/31) 
S.Iz.d C.r., trucks. boats. 4 
wheelers. rnoIorhomes. by FBI, IRS. 
DEA. NatIonwIde auction listings 
available now. Ca111~ 
Ext. C-7556. (2/28-417) 

CATCH A JET! Europe· $249. New 
York - $129. Call for program 
descrlptlonl AlRHITCH (R) 1-800-
397·1098. (3/3-4/11) 

IMAGEWRITER II printer. barely 
used. good condition. must sell. Call 
294-8672. (3/3-3/7) 
FUTON FRAME. Full size, flat· 

1984 WI RabbIt Convertible. Red. recliner. great condition. must sell. 
white top. Look. and rurlS great. AI CIIII294-8672. (3/3-3110) 
C. 3.300 000. 587-9528. (2117-313) PINK FLOYD TICKETS sao obo. 
For Sale: Twin Bed ($110). Twin 
Futon ($100). glass coffee table 
($40). Dresser ($100). TV Stand 
($15). Lamp ($10) ... Cal Terri45&-
0870. (2/22·3110) 

792-8743. Have 4 great seats. (313) 

BUND MELON TICKETS I March 
28 at Prtce Center. Wli take beat 
offer. Cal Sam 452-0119. (3/3) 

Thunday, Mareh S, 19M 

Large. clean roomw/ot:A.1edId bath 
IMIIIabIe In condo. S380 + '125 
dep. +'1/4 uti. 558-2152. (213-3110) 

Non·Smoklng f.mal. roommate 
wanted 3br. 2.5bath. 2·.tory 
townhou ••• wId. pool.lg balcony. 
povered pkg. GREAT 
roommate.1 Ne.r c.mpus/UTC. 
Singi. br $329 + 1/4 utilities. 457· 
0131. (2/22·3/10) 
Securltyl Convenlencel Luxuryl 
Stylel Sp.clous 2bd 2b. apt 
fumlshed. high ceilings. balcony & 
skylights. Pool, jacuzzi. saun •• 
racquetball . H2O + trash Included. 5 
mlns UCSD. Avail. 3120. CIIII 458-
0152. 2·4 people. (2117-313) 

Roommate wanted I BIg single room. 
campus/UTC close. laundry. 1/3 
utilities. Great 1'00I"I'II1'\81 S38Oobo. 
Call Dan 822-0427. (2/28-3/10) 

Femal. roommat •• went.dl 
Sumy •• pacious 4 bedroom/3 bath 
house In Mira Mesa, 10 minutes to 
campus. Large single room. WID, 
big yard. really cool roommates I 
Call 578-0810. (2/28-3131) 
Female roommate wanted to 
sh.r •• p.clou. condo 1 mile from 
UCSD. $325/mo. + 1/3 utilities. 
Pool. jacuzzi. tennl. and p.rklng 
Included. C.II 453·8343. 
Available March 1st. (2/17·3/3) 

live In INrERNATIONAL HOUSE 
next y.arl Loc.ted In Pepper 
Canyon; provides International 
atmosphef'ewJth residents from over 
40 countries. Must be a Jr .• Sr .• 
graduate student, or researcher. by 
fall. to apply. AppIIcaIIons available 
at Pepper Canyon office. DUE 
MARCH 11. QueatIons? Call 534-
2261. (2122-3/10) 

-FURNISHED CONDO - Regents 
Rd.2BDR .• 1 BA.BaIcony.$825.oo. 
619-2n-2195. (2/22-3131) 

Female roommate wanted. Own 
room. Near UTCJEastgate. $3201 
mo. + 1/3 utli. Avail. 3/21-6/30. 10 
mlnbikeridetoUC$O.HappyHomeI 
call Kathy 455-7018. (2124-313) 
Male/Female roommate wanted In 
La JoIIa/UTC are •. Own room. bath. 
WID, parking space. SUMY. clean 
2br/2ba condo. Avail. only 3110-12/ 
10. Share w/ female professional. 
Must love cata and be reaponal)le. 
$400 + 1/2 utilities. (negotiable) . 
Call 587-8185. (2122-317) 

WAN'TED; Mature, quiet. 
re.ponslble roomm.te . Own 
room/b.th. w •• her/dryer. La 
Clma Apt. Pool. gym. nice are • . 
$400/month + 112 utilities. Steve 
858·0761 . ' (2/24-3/3) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING -
Earn up to $2.000+/rno. on Cruise 
Ship. or Land-Tour companies. 
Summer & Full-TIme employment 
available. No expo necessary. For 
Info. call 1-208-834-0488 ext. 
C5876. (2/22-3110) 

EASY PARKINGI Honda 250XLS -
red, ....... 3000mIea,,.J' lid. 
'95. $750. Amwt 468-2972. ~~ 

S.nyo .tereo. dual c •••• tte. - ----------
turntable and speakers. $100 obo. Double room .vallable. Mellow 
Shelly 558-8732. (313-3110) roornmataa needed to Ihant room 

• 

NUDEI computer (cloth.s not 
Included.) 388DX-25MHz. 210MB 
HD (new w/ warr.nty). 
SoundBI.ster. joy.tlck. SVGA 
monitor wi OrchId Faren:.It. DOS 
6.2. Window.. OS/2. Word. 
WordPerfact. tona of gamea Met 
gIfta. Fun at partIaIl'" obo. Cal 
BlaIne 548-1884. (2128-3110) 
er.a. 4O\N 1f'tIIl1 •• r. Two a.._. 
,.. of dII1IorIIon sounda. ,....,. 
choroua. Good cOlldllloil. pow.rliI 
but compact -1IOOd for dorm roam! 
.... apIIC8. t2OO. Cal Eric 11843-
1815. (212&-311 0) 

Round-trip ticket from san Diego 
to O.kland for Spring Break. 
L •• v.s Sunday 3/20 return. 
Saturday 3/27. Purchased for 
'101. but wIIl .. 1I forPI .... take 
them off my handa. '70. Mlk •• 
455-1127. (313-3110) 

R.ady for Spring Breakl $210 
Continental Alrlln. Tlck.t 
Any ...... '175. ExpIreaMay. Cal 
MIl • . 548-1021 . (2/28-3110) . 

IIO( ""I\C, 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME-UCSD 
Staff and Student DISCOUNTS. 
Gre.t finanCing. Near UCSD. 
1.2br. ,120.000'.+ & 3brs 
'150.000+. Condo. to lUXUry 
hom .. -aervlng La Jolla, Unlv. 
City. Mira M .... Del M.r. Pacific 
Bch. Clalremont. Need to SEU. 
...whII11 YEARS EXPERIENCE 
can dol RE/Max As.oc. Judith 
Haddox. R.altor. 819-275-2618. 
(313-417) 

Rent FrM - Share 2 BO. 2 SA La 
JoIa condo -2 blocks from beIIch In 
DIChaI ... for minimal '*- of bI-
P'*r. cIIebetIc gr.duaIa Iludent. 
Seeking mature. r.spon.lbl. 
peraon.458-1068· 1211-3/7) 

FREE ' "x~' de.k •••• mbly. 
Fem'" to ahar. with 2 tern ..... 
M.ster b.d/bath. b.lcony. All 
am.nltl •• + wa.h.r. dry.r. 
fireplace. UTC - safe ar ••. Walk 
to Vans. S3851month. Call Josh 
535-1278. (2/1~3/10) 

In condo near Ralph", waaher. pool, 
gym. 4M-8836. (2/24-3/3) 

Roommat •• Wanted: Great 3BR/ 
2BA hous.ln W .. t Clalremont. 5 
min. to UCSD: Avail. April 1. 
$350. first • last. no dep. Call 
Frank 272-0818. (2124-3128) 

UNIVERSITY CITYt2N. Female 
ne.d.d for own room In nice 
houu. Patio. plano. cable TV • 
wa.her/dry.r. 12 mlnut .. 10 
UCSD. No amok.rs. p.ta. or 
drug. pl ..... Call Mark or Aenft 
534-2381 or 534-3313 
(measage). (2121-3110) 
Femal. roommat.: UTC. Own 
bedroom. cable TV. diItJ _ •• 
1aJndry. buaIIne. pool. I3l10. 1/3 
utIIIIIeI. 457-5175. (2I2NI3) 
LIIIe In the UTe .. now! ew" 
room •. '" bItII. S325 + 1/3 uIII. 825-:0311• (2128-313) 

Thanday, Mareb 3,199& 
• 

PItvacy-ownroom. towr1hawe,*" 
lIoUTC." dIIteNnIIM-.1Io UCSD. 
t.nnla. pool. apa. ..ara .... 
dIItl .... W81her/dryw.AWIIIIbIe 

3118-8131.~+1/4~. 
Alan 825-0443. (2128-313) 
Roommat. needed. a 2 ftoor 
~ In Del Mar. 2 "*"*-110 
the beMh. ax. line. Met new.y 7 
mna. 110 UCSD. nice backyard. 
.".../dIyvI. fireplace. awlmmllig 
pool. quIIIt .... Own room. Male or 
fwnIIIe.1IvIng wIh 2 OCher students. 
IMIIIIbIe 4/4184. $3751month. Cell 

~. (2/28-3110) 

WIndensee Beach. 1-2 roomrnaIes. 
ne.r bu •• g.rage. laundry, 10 
minutes UCSD. $300-$360 + 1/5 
utIItIes. 454-1182. (2/28-417) 

M.ster BR $285 .00 (.hare 
b.th). Near bus. UCSD. UTC. 
Av.llable March 1 or before. 
587-1639. (2/28-3/3) 

Ownroom~, 
~,ucwn,bIIIcany. Wanted female 
non·smoker to share 2 bedroom, 
2.5 bathroom condo by UCSD. 
Amenities: Recreatlonalf.cllitle •• 
Washer/dryer. DI.hwasher. TV, 
VCR. Fireplace. Avallable NOWI 
$450/month plus 1/2 utilitle •• 
r.fundabl. d.poslt. Ch.aper 
th.n living on campu. .nd 
nlcerl 457-3830. (2/28·3/7) 

Roommate w.nted I Own room In 
Del Mar ap.rtment. 10 minutes 
to UCSD. Near beach. Huge 
closets. Pool. laundry facilities. 
Student preferred. $360.00 plus 
1/3 utilities. Available March 20th. 
794·4617. (3/3-3/1 0) 
Roommate wanted, mstr. bdm .• 
bath. wshr .• dryer. Villas of 
Renaissance. $372.50. Call 558-
8732. (3/3-3/10) 

Roommate wanted near campusl 
UTC. Furnished room/bath. 
balcony. fireplac •• piano. WID. 
pool. jacuzzi, recreation room. 
covered parking. no smokers. 
pets. drugs. Available 
immediately for 3 months . $385 
+ 1/3 utilities. Call Linda 450· 
9487. (3/3·3/7) 

June-December. Master bedroom 
for 1 or 2. Own washer/dryer. patio. 
bathroom. La Jolla $425 + utilities. 
587·8544. (3/3) 
Uveon the beach &prIng quarterl 
Large single available now in Del 
Mar Beach Condo. S385/rno. Sean 
234·2822, 899-9202 pgr. Think 
beach. sun. pool + tennis courts. 
Share condo with two UCSD 
students (male). (313-3110) 

WINDANSEA room for rent. 
Seconds from beach. BIg house. 
BIg yard. S390. Call evenings 454-
1182. (313-3/10) 

619 'UIL 
LA JOLLA 

Room for rent: tern .... 2 bdrm/ 
2ba apt. In UTC ar.a close to 
UCSD. Includea: gym. volleyball 
ct.. pool. jacuzzi. etc. Mut.r 
bdrm./own bath. walk-In closet. 
Rent: $437.50. dep: $225.00. Call 
lavinia at 558-8278. (313) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI Only 
$5.95. WhIle you walt. Xeroxes and 
more. ,.,.. St. GermaIna. 452-9949. 

(1~) • 

LaJallaBllbelIhap. QuaIlyBerbertlg. 
I-tIrcUI $8.00. 469-6192. (1~ 0) 

L..ose fat without DIeting... Doctor 
supervl.ed Tue.d.y .venlng 
lecture. or call 452-2882. (113-418) 

VIoIInNIoIa Leesons. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an 
experienced, professional teacher. 
Now accepting students - all ages 
and levels weIcomel Call Conrad 
~. (1/1~3I10) 

Word processing of any kind, 
large or small. Quick r.turn. 
professional quality. Call Janet 
or Carol. 278-7382. (1/10-3/10) 
Word Proc:essinWTyplng: Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses. books. 
letters. applications. Accurate/Fast 
service. MaryAnn 452-9439. (1/1~ 
3/10) 

GREEKS& CLUBS. Earn $50-$260 
for youraelf plus up to $500 for 
your clubl This fundraiser costs 
nothing and lasts one week. Call 
now and receive a free gift. 1-800-
932-0528 ext. 65. (1/20-3/7) 

WOld Processing. DIa!erIaIion Wor1<. 
Applications. Reports, Resumes. 
EdiIIng, TfII'lSIatIon. Other oompuIer 
related jobs. 459-5909. (1/24-3/10) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY SERVICES: 
Specialty n EATING DISORDERS. 
IndIIIIduaIII'ld group therapy 1MIIabIe. 
Cal CIndy Ryan. 571·1432. (1/2H/4) 

WOld Processi VAudio Till iSQ ipioIl. 
Professional. Personable. Very 
skilled. Graduate + research & 
book publication background . 
221-0030. (2/22·3/10) 

HAIRCUT. SHAMPOO. BLOW DRY 
• $10. Unicurl Salon: 1472 Gamet 
Ave .• PB 274-8885. Great price-
Great cutl (2/24-3/10) 

YOURPERSONALWEIGHTLOSS 
COACH helps you lose & change 
body image. Arst meeting tree. 295-
3238. (2/3-3110) 

Reg. $265' 
Reg . . $~ 
Reg. $375 

The UCSD GaardiaD 

~c:wdInce&c:INc*In 
In ~. _ 1nCInI¥. 011 SI1IIII¥. 
AInI 1. ....,543-0S34.~q 

BETH'S WORD PROCESSING 
SERVICE: DlIII rtalIoI IS. n-. 
Pap.rl (M.dlcal. Engln •• rlng 
Expertl •• ); R •• ume.; Gen.r.1 
Typing; eoo dpI .... printer. FAX 
Modem; fIUOn8bI. rat .. ; 451· 
0130. (2128-3110) 

\\\"11 .1) 
Earn '100.00. Subjects wanted for 
• study on alcohol'. effect. If you .. 
a Japaneee. ChineN. or Korean. 
American-bom male. call ScrIpps 
R •••• rch In.tltute for more 
Information. 554-7240. (1/3-3110) 
UCSD ... dlcal C.nter need. 
healthy volunteers. ages 18-50. for 
a 2 hour study about f1'/8 blinking. 
$10 plus par1<1ng will be provided. 
call Deb at 543-2314. (1/31-3110) 

HEADACHE SUFFERS WANTED . 
Hone.t. caring doctor who has 
helped 1 DOs of pain suffers. Non-
Invasive. conservative care. S300 
In services for participation. Call for 
details: 558-3600. (2/24-3110) 

Vocalist + keyboardIst needed for 
serious. progressive rock band. 
1nIlIences: FUh. Yes. ere.n'Theaa. 
Cal Stwle. 657-9167. (2'28-3110) 

Earn cash or movie tickets for 
research partiCipation I English· 
speaking college men needed for 
PhD study in psychology. Sessions 
take 45 minutes. Help me finish 
graduate school! Call Carrie. 
evenings. 527-on6. (2/28-3/10) 

FOUND: Ladles watch In the Muir 
parking lot on 2/13 . Call 622· 
1147 to claim. (2/22,3/10) 

LOST 2/17194: SIIwr. blue. g~l 
bracelet. Between H&SS II'ld 1oI1t2OO. 
cal 792.0034. Reward. (m&-3I3) 

REWARD for lost 16mmfilm"Cestro 
Street" last seen in UCSD Visual Art 
complex. Film is in Aat 14" grey 
plastic can with UCSD AV label on 
aide. Call 558-7467. (2128-3/3) 

PEB~O\ \L~ 
URGENTI EARTHQUAKE COMING 
TO SAN DIEGO. PUT CRUCIFIXES 
ONALL YOUR DOORSI OUR LADIES 
WORKER. (2128-3128) 

Spring love can last longo when you 
find a love twin. Free. Luv Feru 746-
7403. (3/3-3/27) 

PBF thanks the enthusiastic IAMs 
and ~Ns for the great time preparing 
for Talent Showl (3/3) 

-BUY 
, 

. THIS 
;AD 

SPACE. 
We',. run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

Reg. $:UO 
Reg. $3AO 
Reg. $390 

.111 '291 
.111'291 f-nll 

"I a. 
AIINItII .... 
• ... 14. 

CLASSIFIEDS IS 

Bage sal8. 

Etlerything in Stock on Sale March 4 .. 6. 

EUROPEAN CYCLES 
I)" I' , I, ,'\, I{ \ I,' " I I, \ ,I / " \ 1 1 ' 

8915 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 100 (Rcna-.u CallCf near Rubio',) 
755 Thrquoise St. 
~ P.B. aecI La Jolla) 

Your plasma could be worth CASH! 
call 
'YJIA~nD aJOLOGICAL . 

-CORPORATION ,. 
, 

We urBently seek people to d .... 
plasm&: 'You'li rective: 

• Free Blood TnIJ I Free Pllyalcal. 
• P.1d C •• b For Every VIII, 

Other programs that donors are 
desperately needed for are : 

·Wbole BIood·Moao ·Luptll -HIV 
·Cblekea POll ·Cbll" ·Hupn 
Your blood contribution could help 
Slve I life! Pyramid is a blood bank 
and plUmB antibody eenler dedicaled 
to servina our community and' 
worldwide health related 
orBanization s . CIII (or II 
l,poi"weIL 

SlnDieio • (619)298-4011 
s.,Vlidro 

(619)690-4434 

Eoop.-~,.ctUMS 
SPlOJ.lS 
~=FAR$99 
DISPOSABLE 
LENSES 

;:$129 
EXTENDED WEAR 

~~$139 
specials include lenses, 
exom, eyecore kil and 
fgjlaw visil. 

• PIEscWnoNs fIWD 
• GlAssEs IUllCATlD 
• Cowtm m EXAMS 

• NO oVPOINiMfNT NKlSWY 
51 HAlLA fSlANOl. 

.rM • 

r~~l 1 ~HAIR I 
DESIGN 1 1 

1 1 
1 1 
1 1 
1 I 
.1 I 
I I 
1 1 
1 I 
1 I 
1 I 
I I 
1 I 
I UNIVERSITY I 
1 TOWNE I 
I CENTER I I Across hom Mam Theiter tS5-N20 I 

DEL MAR HIGHLANDS 1 Ne't t,o WhCrcnous 792-8131 I 
I CLAIREMONT SQUARt: I 1 Nc,IIO Vans 274-2600 I 
1 OPEN 7 DAYS 1 
I NO AI'i'OINTM£NT NECESSARY 1 

MANICURIST AVAILAIiLI L ________ .I 

-



" 

- ( 

-.., 

16 SPORTS 

•••••••••• 

: FREE: 
• FROSTED. 
: MOCHA : 
• When you buy one • 
• at regular price. • 
• E..cpinbo<I o. .. Junc 30. • 
•• ::=.~~ •• 
* Home of the World's Finest 

Coffies. 
* We Roast OUI' Cojfoe on Site 

with the Frtshest Coffu 
Available. 

Costa Verde Center 
8150 Genesee (near Boobtu) 
457-JAVA (5282) 

M-Th 6am-llpm. F 6am-12 mid. 
Sat 7:3Oam-12 mid, Sun 8am-l1pm 

Complete line 01 
t wimwear and 
cover-ups for 
women 01 ali age!: 

Mon.-gat. fO-6 
gun. 11-5 

80B 
DAVIS' 
CAMERA SHOe INC. 

Discount 
Pricing on 

ira 
Serving UCSD 
form La Jolla 

UCSD 
Purchase Orders 

Accepted 
7720 Fay Ave. 
459-7355 

5538 La Jolla Blvd. 
551-1004 

1 o % discount 

Cuenca , ,;' 

EC--- R 
Summer, Semester, 
& Year Programs 

WN ACADEMIC CREDIT 

1-800-580-8826 
Summer Deadline 

APRil 5th 
'" ~F R 
o 
~ 

NeE ~sp~i~·~ 
S e v i I I 

FRANCE AUSTRALIA RUSSIA ENGLAND • 

Global Internship 
and Language 

Programs 

INTERNATIONAl PROGRAMS 

BOSTON 
UNIVERSITY 

......... 1.2.111d 3"',.......,.. in which )'OU ore _ u....e-I. 
You will NCeM illfOllllllion on all of our inlOmMional pnIInII\I 

Internship ......... LIIncua,e and Libenl Art. Proanms 
C Londooo. En,1onrI 0 Pori'. France 0 BcUze 0 Nilmey. Niacr 
o Modrid. SpoiII 0 Sydney. A.llltrllit 0 Orenoble. France 0 Odonl. Enal..t 
o MoIcow, RIIIIia 0 Wuhinl\Oll. D.C. 0 Hair • • 1"",1 0 PIdo ••• lllly 

.., 0 Madrid. Spain 0 QuilO. f.<_ 1_lItIeru"" Uo odwr """r __ ",,,,,,,,io,, ___________ _ 
J would like to receive infonTlltion .boul your semesler/summer prognms (cin:le one). 
N~ __________________________________ __ 

SIRICI Cily 
Slate Zip Phone, 
Colic. or Univcnlly 
C_.r..: ~ CSo Ok OS, II .r .... "71W-..... 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, March 8, 1994 

GuarJinn Wilts, Whines 
HUMIUAnON: Sniveling sports editor costs UCSD a sure victory against Aztec 
By Philip MIc ...... 
Senior Staff Writer 

In a game that grew to be as ugly 
as Roseanne Arnold after she got 
her fifth tattoo, the UCSD Guardian 
lost a hard-fought basketball con-
test totheSDSU DailyAzlec, 50-48, 
on Saturday. 

The Guardian, ahead at halftime 
and up by as many as eight points 
during the contest, managed to pull 
defeat from the jaws of victory while 
soiling the honor of UCSD. 

Guardian players were quick to 
assess blame for the victory. 

"It was Hutto's fault," said As-
sociate Spons Editor Aron Miller. 

"Yup. Hutto," said Staff Writer 
Jeff Praught. 

Sports Editor Brian Hutto, the 
Guardian's leading scorer with IS 
points, earned the scorn of his team-
mates when his fiery temper flared 
late in the game. 

"I blame myself," Hutto said. 
"Damn right you should," 

.seethed News Editor Philip 
Michaels. 

"You jackass," Michaels added. 
Late in the game, the Guardian 

clawed its way toa44-40 lead, based 
in part on the brilliant coaching of 
the plucky news editor. Michaels, 
who is as renowned for his hoops 
savy as he is for his journalistic 
skill, was guiding the Guardian with 
his brilliant play-calling when the 
hotheaded Hutto hollered at his 
coach. 

As Michaels sulked on the side-
line, the dispirited Guardian squad 
limped through the rest of the game. 
The Aztec tied the score at 45 and 
raced ahead to victory. 

"That was a dumb thing for Brian 
to do," Miller said. "Michaels is a 
Lutheran, and everybody knows that 
Lutherans are really good at basket-

Brtan K. Hutto drIv .. to the hoop before ac/Urnlng like a benlhee. 
baiL" 

Hiatus Editor Jeff Niesel, the 
Guardian big man who contributed 
one point, was irate about the 
Guardian'S defeat. 

"Hutto shouldn't be allowed to 
be a bench-warmer in a pee-wee 
league," Niesel sniffed. 

Although Hullo' s play was remi-
niscent of an enraged yak, the hot-
tempered sports editorwas not com-

pletely to blame for the Guardian's 
defeat. The Aztec players cried like 
schoolgirls whenever a Guardian 
defender brushed up against one of 
them. 

"Ow,"saidanAztecplayer. "The 
wind ruffled my bair. Foul!" 

As the Guardian players limped 
back into the locker room, they took 
solace in the fact that at least they 
didn't go to a community college. 

Lawson, Nishiyruna Lead Tritons 
selFCCs: UCSD makes a name for itself at fencing conference championships 
By Dan Kreft 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD fencing team put it-
self on the map last weekend at the 
Southern California Intercollegiate 

Fencing Con-
ference Cham-
pionships. 

The Triton 
women's squad 
finished second 
.overall in the 
conference be-
hind Cal State 
University Ful-
lertonand ahead 
of such teams as 
UCLA, the Uni-
versity of 
Soutbern Cali-

fornia and UC Santa Barbara. 
UCSD was led by Yumi 

Nishiyama, who captured the sea-
son conference championship after 

SPRING: 
Baseball has arrived 
Continued from .,... 11 
turn me off. Gimme the beer-
bellied, uncouth Pbillies any day 
of the week. Where else in pro 
sports can fans witness an athlete 
with the unique physique and 
persona of a John Kruk? 

What I fear most is that the bile-
ball playoff system will resemble 
too closely those of hockey, football 

an outstanding year-long perfor-
mance. Nishiyama completed the 
season with a conference record of 
33-3. 

The Triton men's foil team fin-
ished fourth in the conference and 
was led by the strong performance 
of Gabe Lawson, who captured an-
other conference championship for 
UCSD. 

Lawson ended his star-studded 
year with a near perfect 32-2 confer-
ence mark. 

The men's sabre team finished in 
. third place, paced by the eighth-
place finisb of Rich Liu. 

Mcn's6pe6broughthomeafifth-
place tally in the seven-team con-
ference. 

According to UCSD Head Coach 
Lisa Posthumus, the 6pe6's finish 
was quite respectable for the younS 
and inexperienced squad, which 
should improve in years to come. 

and basketball. These systems take 
away the importance of the regular 
season because so many teams make 
it to post-season play. 

The beauty of the old system was 
that every season game really mat-
tered. There were no pansy wild-
card teams to stink up the playoffs. 
It was all or nothing. At the rete 
things are going, the Meta, the Dal-
las Maveric:bofbueball, could very 
soon be in the playoffs. 

Despite the changes, some things 

Justine Cogan (women's foil) and 
Tom Powell (men's foil) also cap-
tured top-eight finishes for the Tri-
tons to round out the strong overall 
performance. 

"I was very pleased with our per-
formance this weekend," Head 
Coach Lisa Posthumus said. "We've 
been improving steadily all season 
long." 

UCSD will head to the Univer-
sity of Southern California on March 
5-6 for tbe Western Regional com-
petition in which NCAA benhs will 
be up for grabs. 

For all those interested in fenc-
ing, spring tryouts will be held soon, 
and spots will be open in all disci-
plines. 

Tbe NCAA recently added 
women's 6pe6 to the sport, so 
Posthumus will be looking for some 
tall, strong women 10 compete in 
this new area. 

will remain constant. Barry Bonds 
will win another MVP, Maddux will 
win 20, and Mc:Gwire will hil 40 
homers. At least the game's players 
will remain the same. 

Around the comer lies the '94 
season, which promises to be unlike 
any we've ever seen before. 
America's pulime will peraervere, 
just like always. The only differ. 
ence is that, because of the new 
system, the Moll will finilll fifth 
instead of seventb. 

Thunday, March 3,1994 The UCSD Guardian 

J_ Rltchle/Guanfjlll 
NumbeNl'ft ........ pbI,., Diane Chandler turned In. respecteble ...... In loa to W. Mlch ...... 

UCSD at Mercy of Schedule 
TOUGH ROAD: After shutting out Redlands, Tritons fall to Western Michigan, 9-0 
ByD ... Sw ..... ' 
StsffWrlter 

In keeping with the roller-
coaster-like character of its season, 
the UCSD women's tennis team lost 

to Division I 
adversary 
Western 
Michigan 
University, 
9-0, at the 
Muir courts 
on Monday. 

The de-
feat seemed 
especially 
surprising 
considering 
that the Tri-
tons had just 

come off of a 9-0 victory against 
Redlands. But the inconsistent out-
ings throughout the season can be 
attributed to a fickle schedule more 
than anything else. 

"Our competition has been such 
extremes, really weak teams and 
really strong teams," UCSD Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante said. "[The loss] 
made us realize what we need to 
work on and gets us ready for our 
next matcbes." 

Despite getting shut out, the Tri-
tons performed well, considering 
the caliber of their opponents. 

Playing admirably at the num-
ber-one spot, Diane Cllandler fought 

hard in her 6-4, 6-1 loss to Holly 
Taylor, to make the final score re-
spectable. 

The same can be said of number-
~o player Michele Malephansukal. 
The freshman lost to Andrea En-
gland (6-2, 6-1) but is still adjusting 
to the number-two spot. 

Perhaps the greatest singles ef-
fort of the day came from number-
three Hilary Somers. Only a sopho-
more, she battled Heidi Cakans to 
the limit, eventually falling 6-4, 6-
2, in a well-played matcb. 

"[Somers) bad a good match," 
laPlante said. "Sbe's been winning 
so easily in all of ber matches, and 
she's not used to losing many games. 
[The loss) made her aware that she's 
been hitting the ball too short and 
needs to hit the ball deeper against 
the really strong girls." 

laPlante also praised number-
four player Heather Williams. 

"Even though [Williams) lost 6-
0,6-0, she actually had a pretty good 
match. There were a lot of deuce 
games and really good points, and 
sbe put the ball away. It didn't look 
like a 6-0, 6-0 match. " 

To round out the singles scoring, 
number-five Miki Kurokawa fell 6-
1, 6-0, and number-six Anne 
Hoecker was defeated 6-2, 6-0. 

UCSD was also extremely com-
petitive in doubles, tenaciously con-
testing every point. 

The number-three duo of 
Hoecker and OIandler refused to 
fold against England-Stanislaw. 
After losing in the first set, 6-3, they 
continued to fight in the second, 
forcing it down to the wire, but 
finally surrendering, 6-4. 

"Number-three almost split sets 
and played well," LaPlante said. 

At the tough number-one spot, 
Kurokawa and Williams found 
themselves overwhelmed by Tay-
lor-Cakans, losing 6-2, 6-1. Mean-
while, tbe number-two combo of 
Somers-Malephansakullost 6-2, 6-
O. 

laPlante admitted that playing 
the inconsistent opponents makes it 
difficult to gauge how mucb the 
team is improving. The remainder 
of the schedule seems much more 
appropriate for the team's ability. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 
I 

FREE PREGNANCY TESnNG 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate T.at Results) 
ABORnoNT024WEEKS (General 01' Local Anesthesia) 

~_mlF 
~~ 

vt. ........ Cant. fJiiCov.r 
ll~ 'M SA 

I ~ r I I 11/ r P~ ... Y 
f 1 • ; 'Ii, hhO 1 

r/ISc,11 ", Vlf I() 
.'E l()() I , t, I ".. I, 

...., ~ l '. I ' .r 

' , f Wf'(JR T HE ,il H 
: f) 1 rl" I : 
,', :1 (',C-I , 1 ... () 1 

fili7 FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 

SPORTS 17 

Tritons Still Winless 
Mter Losing Twin Bill 
DOUBLE TROUBLE: UCSD loses pair to Cal Baptist 
By AlOft Mille, 
Associate Sports Editor 

As the t 994 season progresses, 
things aren't getting any better for 
the UCSD softball team. Continu-

ing their los-
ing ways, the 
Tritons (0-4), 
coughed up a 
double-header 
toNAlApow-
erhouse Cali-
fornia Baptist 
College, 6-5 
and 6-0, on 
Tuesday. 

UCSD 
hung tough in 

the first game, matching the lanc-
ers run for run until late in the con-
test. 

Freshman Michelle Courtright 
provided some instant power at the 
plate, launching a homerun in her 
first at-bat in the bottom of the first 
inning. The blast gave the Tritons 

an early 1-0 lead . 
UCSD put up single runs in the 

second and third innings, while Cal 
Baptist (10-1-1) plated three run-
ners in the third, tying the score at 
three. 

The Lancers scored the go-ahead 
run in the sixth inning and UCSD 
failed to answer in the seventh. 

Pam Seco (5-1) collected the 
complete game win for the Lancers, 
while freshman Shannon Mounger 
went the distance but record\:d the 
loss for UCSD. 

The second game of the twin bill 
was all Cal Baptist. 

Shannon Colismo(5-O-1)pitched 
a masterful game, no-hitting the 
Tritons for the initial four innings. 

UCSD's best chance to score 
came in the sixth inning, when it 
garnered three hits, but it could not 
bring anybody home. 

Junior Lisa Gill pitched a com-
plete game for the Tritons, but suf-
fered the loss. 

UCSD Remains Unheaten 
ONE STROKE: Tritons tally fourth win, barely get-
ting by the University of Redlands and Point Lorna 
Associate Sports Editor 

Coming off one of its best out-
ingsofthe young season, the UCSD 
golf team barel y squeaked by with a 

Country Club. 

sub-par perfor-
mance against the 
University of 
Redlands Bull-
dogs and the 
Point Lorna 
Nazarene Col-
lege Crusaders on 
Monday, 
outshooting its 
foes by a mere 
one stroke over-
all at Redlands 

medalist honors with Ryan Carr's 
one-under-par 70. 

Freshman Mike Hartford once 
again paced the Triton effort, firing 
a one-over-par 72. Although he is 
still not teeing off in the number-
one position, Hanford has carried 
the load all season long for UCSD 
(4-0). 

"We're kind of keeping him in 
the background, " Wydra said. "He's 
taking the place of an All-American 
(Jeremy Moe) and he'sdoingagreat 
job. It's quite a credit to him. He's 
the best freshman I've ever had." 

Senior Dale Abraham placed sec-
ond on the Triton squad, finishing 
with a 76. Juniors Brock Shafer and 
Tom Brown closely followed, shoot-
ing a 78 and 80, respectively. 
Redshirt freshman Hunt Cairns 
chipped in with an 81 and sopho-

-

"It was kind of an off-showing 
for us, especially after shooting a 
293 [against Cal State Dominguez 
Hills on Friday)," UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra said. "The 
course was a little trickier, but not 
too much." 

more Steve Lynn rounded out the ...., 
scoring with an 83. 

The final scorecard showed 
UCSD with an uncharacteristic306, 
Point Lorna with a 307 and Redlands 
with a 319. 

Although the Crusaders failed to 
get the win, they did capture the 

MadrId $195-
Costa Rica $133-
London $109-
East Coast $184-
MexIco City $ 89* 

·All r.a n acIl _ bosed en • ~ 
purthIK. T .... not Included. Somt ,.S11Ie· 
tiens apply. Studmt ..... onoy Ix '<quimI. 

III ••• a ........ ' 

Council Travel 

With the all-important Southern 
California Intercollegiate Tourna-
ment coming up in one week at 
Torrey Pines Country Oub, an invi-
tational in which more than 20 teams 
will participate, Wydra is neither 
humble nor cocky about his team's 
showing so far this season. 

• Medium Frozen. 
·YOGURT·--
: 99C .:.:: I ... D....-. • 
I ....... ..". T ......... .... __ I ..,_ ..... an. ... _ . 
L ,..~t,ll4. 
--------.1 .... 



18 

,> 

/ 

, 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday,lIarcla 3,19M 

Basketball ,.......... -.t oddI -.. 
..... ·.AIIA 

Floor Hockey I. P_1he Outchil 8-0 · 3-2 " .. ~. CM IIIyOM catch '"" 2. TheDluml 7-0 3-1 Mlrchlng 10wWd chImpionIIIip 
3. GIl SIIIIty 5-1 4-1 w.u IIIgue ,.... doubII 

Tllm AIC. Odell c-ntI 4. Men Among Boys 8-1 5-1 PuIIIIcIy IIIIId "wII win II "0. noll 
w_·.M 5. TInlcllblll 4-3 10-1 La. gIIII from old w.ricn 

I. Xlllopucki 5-0-0 2-1 Getting Cocky ..... ·.M 
2.Troublllhoolerl 3-1-1 3-1 Could IUrpriIe ~ 1. 401City 8-1 2-1 Don't .." 8IIout ........ 
3. Mom .nd Her Clan 3-1 -1 5-1 Can 1liiy r1p1111he put? 2. SIx InchII on VIt'tIIII 7-0 5-2 Molt poinIIlCInd in IM'I 
4. Trbel .. 3-2-0 30-1 Long ShOll 3. Runnln RIIubIrbI 7-0 3-1 wan ........ conItnder 4. LOVE 8-1 5-1 Not IIIOUF oIfInIt to l1li11 doni 
w_·.", 

MARCH MADNESS 5. AIcoIIoIicI 4-1 8-1 Could ... up ........ I . Chicklll Boo 3-1-1 I-I E.lily IhouId win 8. KoaIIIId 1he GIng 8-1 10-1 70'. IIIUIic ... pIayboak, ouchl 
2. Vou Goltl Swillow 1-0-3 2-1 Don't Ilk. 10 10M HITS CAMPUS 7. Run 'NOun 8-1 15-1 0rIIt pIIn. but ..... Ibout O? 3. Girls With Big Slicki 2-3-0 10-1 Tough 111m 8. W. SIImInId Yo MIme 7-0 20-1 Not • good • tIIIIr rICCIId 
4. FIn_ 2-2-1 SO-I Lott IIItir edge 9. TIlt Nt Down Ther. 8-1 25-1 StIle odor from IhII CfIW 
Men'. AlIA 10. JoIII & 4 OIlIer Guys 4-1 30-1 l.ongIIIot apeciIJ. don't overlook 
I . W.yne·1 as Machine 4-0-1 3-1 Hat An~ 10 win ....... ", 
2. 4 PI.y w/ Eric & Mark 4-0-1 2-1 Enjoy being \lie underdog 1. PriIon Barber'1 Greet """" llwaya win 
3. Sugar PUckl 3-2-0 15-1 lint IMdtr in I.gue 2. EquNI BellI up lIlY '-Clue ?? 
4. Butt Endl 2-3·0 99·1 AItitudt il lheir 3. Th.BMII .... 1IIcIt in IhII CII1II cal 
Men·.M 4. 111ue GnIt rlCNlllng II paying 011 
I. Born In D. Bun 2·1 

Another run, IIIOIher flop 
2. John BobbH', Stick 4-1 

Enough coello chug 10 lilt lop? 
SolId 0, No 0, !MId combo 

3. Xlllopuck, 4·1 Could upIode at crunch time 
4. DecrepH Old MIll 6·1 MIght n.d four or fIv. 
5. Extra Crispy Chicken 7·1 FInd \lie middla of It 
6. No Ice? 7·1 
7. Matadors 9·1 
8. Bring Alice \lie Meat 10-1 AlI1he Ingrtdlentl to do It 
9. 00 Vacht Club Won1he lougIIlII"* iii yew 
10. Siulech"' 0utIccnd everyone in 5-10. no 0 Lat. _ coIIapte, no!liIIlIy 
Men'I'" Who nttdI vertical her.? 
1. Food Servic. 
2. W. Hay. No Clu. Top aquae! III yell neverlaltertd 
3. Get Slolhed 
4. Hili To The King Baby 5-0-0 WIped out '-Clue. toaII outll' NIce rtcrultlng - mak. your own tIIm 
5. Pimp· Slap· Shot 4-1-0 MIght be there come SuncIIy 
6. Eartl1pigs 4-1 -1 GaII_ gr-. QUya_1he IIIdIor 
7. Tibtrlul 3·1·1 
8. Whal Foul? 3-1·1 Ull-Huh Complete pec:Uge. IIIauId take II 9. Mighty Delli 2-2-0 4.() 3-1 
10. Oookle 3-2-0 2. TIlt NIppya 3-1 4-1 &die ....... In tough IIIgue 3. L.lllDo II 3-1 8-1 Hey. COl ........ on bIIIIetbII 

4. Filii out of Water 2-1 8-1 ,...", liliii*'i. .... IeemerI 
5. Lucky'.~ 3-1 15-1 Get prC/IIIIIonII help 

Team RIC. Odell Soccer T ..... .... 0ddI Co ..... 111 Men·.AIIA CoedM 
1. Pi KappI 5-0-1 2-5 Bet 1he Ranch-No __ a chance 1. WInd GodI 4-1 5-2 Won taugh IIIgue 
2. Upper V 5-1 3·1 Need to lind upper V To win It-Won'l 2. Meg', Alwaya So Horny 4-0-1 4-1 Corne on guys. Mega ntlClllllO !MIdI 
3. Soggy BilCuH, 3-0-2 14·1 Perennial 3rd place ItIm will be again 3. W.'II KIck Your BIll 3-1-1 7-1 Dirty .... wInI naaty-Ouchl 
4. G.M.C. 4·1-1 25-1 Big trouble agalnlt PI KappI 4. UnIuc:IIy 3-1-1 25-1 WIt be IgIin 
Men',M 5. Wi'll GiYe You KickI 3-2 50-1 Good ~ you WMI to 100M money 
1. Dynamo I·Hou .. 5-0 1·1 lint drnatd. belt 111m 8. 8iuI BaIItd & ShooItn 3-2 75-1 MIld to IIItII Meg In lilt IInIi 
2. Seamen On Tht Turf 5-0 4·3 Only ont got! giYlII up-look lough Coed", 
3. Schlep Rock 4-0·1 3·1 My pick to win n·Don't blow H guys 1. Butt P\uggI 5-0 5-2 RIIIIy bid \tim mull Ply-oll refI 
4. Ecconornics 4·0-1 6-1 Too oid .nd too Iiow 2. Ofowntd s-.. 4.()·1 4-1 Need. bllver Ihguard 
5. Tu Madre 3-1-1 7-1 Will get whal a Medrt get. 3. Kickin' Ball, 4-0-1 10-1 llettora choict 
6. Orange Crush 4-1 10-1 JUlllikt tht Broncos·can·1 win tht big ont 4. Good, Bad. & Ugly 4-1 15-1 Gr.t '0' ·HorrIbI. 'D' 
7. Th. Booze 3-0·2 13·1 Will need some alter firll round loa 5. Grov.AerI 3-1-1 25-1 Maybe aorntday-noIlhiI year 
8. The Chri_ 3·0·2 15·1 My pick for the iongIhoIlo bit Mak, au,. alllMm. 8. Drunken Slupor 2-1 -2 50-1 The drunker ItIm wine 
9. Th.Ch .... 2-2·1 SO·1 Ch_y IqUid will become eatlll fI" 7. Oh Will 4-1 50-1 Dlrkhorat faYOrite-llik,'"" 
1 O. Shang Bang 3·1 10000·1 How did you guy make p1ayofll come to Canyonvltw 8. Goat Herw', Rage 3-1 -1 lOG-I I'd hat, to be a goat 
Men'I'" 9. Bimin·Kulicuamin 2-1-2 1000-1 

I wouldn't bit _ 1l1heta odda 

1. 2 wins. 2 100ses. 1 tit 5-0 2·3 Bad predictor. are good soccer play .. RlCreation to chICk 10. Green Bowl Packers 2-1-2 1005·1 Lack ofllttp & hangov .... rIy .xiI 
2. Wid. RighI 5·0 3·1 Wide right wi" COlI you the ml, the dey •• nd tlmn w_·.M 3. Short and Fast 3·0·2 4·1 No ·O··Good '0' will not be enough 1. Bltchel With BaNs 5·0 4-1 BIg upMt win could propel to litI, 
4. Tasmanian Devils 4-0-1 5-1 My pick to win H·Bet big of their game • • 2. W. KIck BaAl 4·1 4·1 3 tim, champs will win Igiln 
5. Counldown ElCllnction 4·0·1 7·1 111 round. 2nd round . lIIIIit or final, 3. W.FIIIII 4·1 10-1 WilIIlaN 
6. Bad Hangover 3-1-1 10-1 May hay, reason for another hangover 4. ButterQIPI 4-1 10-1 NIce capIIin·nice 1_ 
7. Team Smack 4-1 13·1 Not enough _ck 10 win H W_'.", 
8. SampWnt 3·0·2 17·1 Odd, 100 low for tN, aquad I . a- LoIdItI 1-2 5-2 May taIc,1he c:harnplonthlp high 
9. 13th Generalion 2·2·1 25-1 May be when \hey win n 2. Soccer Bda 2·2-1 4-1 Need put IIItIr bIIIIln 1he pi more 
10. Joy 01 Cooking VOl I 2-1-2 SO·1 Don't know rtcipe for champIonahip 3. Filii Out 01 Wlter 1·2 8-1 May ntIt , Yictory 
CotdAIIA 4. Milly'. Army 1·2-1 7-1 Need to Ihow to win It 
I. TIlt BlIck On, 5-0 3-2 00mInatId IeIgue--tIIoutd win IIIiIy 
2. Rockll From Hell 3·1 15-1 Why pIIy?-Outcomt no! in doubt 

MEAL 
DEAL 
AnY I" SUb, 
p.oz. eon 
drink .... 

chi ... 

BIG 
MEAL 
DEAL 

MEAL =? 
Come in for 
UCSD~sbest 

pizza \1. o~ ...... to\ 
to \~"e \I 

...... D EALS_$4_88----.J L------839 • VALID ONLY AT coerA WItM" MI_ LOCATIONS. ~ ~ UCSD 10. Ib~. Jll7IIM 
6780 MIRAMAR ROAD BEHIND CARL'S JR. 

8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER 

Chicago Pizzeria 

• Dine-in 
• Carrvouf 
• Delivery 

La Jolla v-.. &quI • 
887a Villa La Jolla Dr. 

466-oe8~ 


